The Sunday Call Magazine
JOAQUIN MILLER,
"POET OF THE SIERRAS"
£"T>JHERE are not mahyj people, even
' j*'- among thbsej'wh'q Have* been life- .
,} I ,, long; admirers" of 'tliV works- of the
' JL, "PoCt of) th«* Sierras." who know '
i-thajt., pat riot anih'pXoneer of the Golden
.'West' though .hejis^Joaquin Miller's
..ireal name' is^nqV-jJoaquin" at all, but
ciflcimiatus . iieine; Alliler.
t X'As/n boy. of 9 /years old he was
brought from the ; plac'e*of his birth in
. Wabash.. district. : in -Indiana, 'to Ore
gon :" but in his early teens he. came to
' Calliornia;' arid* mined for gold during
.theiirreatVgpld' fever between 1S"«O and
lS60.,4>ut iii the latter year he returned
v to>vdregon und studied 7 law, -, though
*th"k ? year 1861 found him as an express
messefiger in Idaho. ' .
i'JTfwo' years later., at the age ; of 22,"
J, he was the editor of the Eugene Demo
''cratio Register. Then after. more, prac- '
tlce of law, which did not please him,
he went to London in l$St>, and it was
here that his first book of ; poems .was
'published and met- with instant^iavor.
Then followed several ¦ years" of news
paper life in. Washington, but since.
1S87 he has been a constant resident'of*
Oakland, living, for the. most of
time in his picturesque home on the
Heights.
His poems and plays, for which he
has gained his world- wide fame, are,
too well known to need enumeration •
¦ hen*.* •.¦:¦¦:..-.--".." .\. ...in dividing the waters of the Red Sea' ?
The Talmud also says, 'Be patient in
our judgment,' and we must weigh* our
words before we decide. Well, now,
Reb Nosen, I'll light one of your Prus
sian cigars, and we'll instantly proceed
to business.", ¦• -._'..
Mr. Takiff took the hint and handed
him a cigar. .
"In short," the ehadchan resumed,
"I have for you a young man — a jewel,
a gem, .whose real value a Rothschild
only could pay for; and furthermore, a
real j Talmud-Chochom Ben Taimld-
Cho'chbm'(a disciple of wisdom., the son
of: another).. .As the < Talmud ' says:
'One should. give hi3 daughter. In mar
riage to' the son of the law.' The truth
Is"— here be stretched his neck - and
a ", thin curl, of. smoke— "that I
am too ignorant to mention the qual
ities that prodigy possesses.-* A young
man that has the six parts of the Tal-
any Importance before I take a little,
snuff," the shadchan commented, wip
ing his mouth and nose. "It clears my
mind and eyes, and I tell you, Reb
Nosen, . I become ; fresh and • vigorous
after a little sneezing. It is simply a
refreshment— a restorer of strength.
And I tell you there is none better than
Kalman's snuff in 'the whole,' world.
It's a, real heaven on earth, so help me
. God, and it prepares me for ¦ active
work. ; By the way, snuff does not cost
me '. anything. Kalman tjj promised & to
give me aa - much as I want' gratis in
addition ; to' the five per "cent /commis
sion he paid 1 me •. for : the' match' of '. his
daughter.'V -. " '.-'"•
"Of-the snuff -we'll talk later," said
Nosen a little 'impatiently. "Letusap-,
proach : , our;Vsubject/^^^».^^Q^^H
"God be with you," Reb Nosen, have
not the Talmud sages said: "Match
making Is as bard as tbe task of Moses
might be technically regarded as hav
ing but two corners and so be exempt
from tzitzis* Only the lowest, button of
his coat was fastened; the upper part
hung loosely forward, exposing a large
red' handkerchief protruding from his
'nslde pocket, where a snuff-box could
'invariably be found. ' , ~
• "Good morning, bride," the shadchan
bowed, to Malke. who blushed scarlet
at this salutation. - .' (
; "Go, my daughter, to the next
room," said Mr. Takiff. . "We have
something to talk about which Is not
fit you should heat."
Malke left the room, agitated and
blushing. But I, in an agony of expecta
tion, pretended not to hear the last re
mark and remained In my seat. '
' The shadchan took off his hat, leav
ing 1 his head covered with an old
threadbare skull-cap, and settled him
self in a chair which the host pushed
toward him." Koppet dropped a large
pinch of snuff into the hollow of his
left 'hand and raising it to his nostrils
drew In the pungent stutt with one
long breathi > .' ;'
"Pshtzi! pshtzi! pshtzi!" he sneezed
three' times,; applying the red handker
chief to his nose- as a protection for his
host. " : ' ¦• ¦ '.;•;.: ¦•<- . : , •¦ .••¦.'¦;. - 1 , ;;'¦¦¦
t "I can never start ' a conversation of
Not long after this Count Losjlm:.:!
stopped for a few minutes at the inn.
His wachman, .who : was' a baptized
Jew. amused the barroom by talking
Yiddish and reciting Hebrew blessings,
which we thought very strange.
Malke's little brother, asked his father,
what became of tbe coachman's soul
when he turned. Christian. The inn
keeper smilingly replied that after
the conversion -he Jewish *~ 6oul / ¦\yas.
changed into a gentile , one. Malke
wondered very much and could not 'see
the difference. • " . ; .
• "Papa, what Is the soul, anyhow ?",
Malke asked her father with a pensive
air. I
"A soul is that part of godliness,"
explained her father, "that every Jew
possesses."
'"Has not a gentile that part of god
liness in him, father?" asked the girl
again.
"This is too deep for you to under
stand, my child," responded Mr Ta
kiff, and puffed at his pipe. "You're a
girl, and a woman's brain is not able
to comprehend such serious -problems.
A Jew whose soul was present on
Mount Sinai when the Torah was given
to Israel, as the Talmud says, has got
that part of godliness because he- an-'
swered: 'All that the Lord spoke we
will do and hear.' "
This explanation did not seem to
satisfy Malke. "Will not the gentiles
have gan-eden (heaven), father?" she
resumed. "Not even Count LosJInaki,
who is so good to every one and favors
the Jewish people in particular?"
"Oh. yes, my daughter. The Talmud
also says:#All good gentiles will have
the world to come. In heaven all will
be Jews.' "
"It will be so nice," laughed Malke.
"All will be alike and there will be no
more Jews and gentiles, but all the
same, and the Jews will be permitted
to own land in their own names, like
the gentiles, and will be allowed to
live everywhere, even in St. Peters
burg and Moscow."
"Oh, you fool!" interrupted her little
brother. "In gan-eden all the noble
men will make fire in Jewish houses
and snuff the candles on Shabbos. And
Vanka, who' calls me Christ-killer, will
carry mama's prayer-book to the syna
gogue on Shabbos. It will be so nice!"
The innocent little martyr, who al
ready bore the yoke of. the Torah,
clapped his wee hands' and danced
with- Joy... -,. ,.,--.
CHAPTER XXII.
A PROPOSAL. OF MARRIAGE.
. Mrs. Takiff often sighed because Mal
kele, as she fondly called her daughter,
was already going on eighteen and
there was 'Nothing: suitable'' for her.
Shadchonin. (marriage . . brokers) , pro
posed many bridegrooms, and each, one
whispered to Rob Nosen. (as they ad
dressed him) that he had the 'very best
article in the market. But! none quite
satisfied the . innkeeper. .As , for Malke,
who of course, was ;• -never ' consulted
when the; merits of 'the various candi
dates . were being considered, she was
as heedless of all matrlr-.onial talk of
I. ¦ • • /.I., '¦ ¦ : , -
her parents as if she had been a girl
"of twelve. ' ¦ i ¦. . *; .,- : • '.'.-.- ¦
'=}¦ One afternoon at the end*of August
we were in the sitiing-ron^m^Mr. Takiff
in his bfg armchair before an open win-,
dow, puffing at his long pipe,: Mrs. Ta-'
v'klff mending a stocking, Malke work
_'lng over a piece/of embroidery, and I
scajmlng th,r pages of a Russian book
— when Koppel the rhadchan,. who had
taken a keen interest in Malke's future,
appeared before the window at which
Mr. Takiff sat. • ' ; ' '-.
"Good afternoon, Reb Nosen," ,he
said, with his indolent, oily smile on his
face.
"Sholom . Aleichem," returned Mr.
Takiff, offering his hand through the
open wfndow. "How do you come here
at this time of the day?"
- "What a question— ha! ha! ha! ha!"
The shadchan's laugh was dry and
cackling. "Isn't a person allowed to
pay you a visit? When one has mer
chandise he. should not clrfse the door'
against a prospective purchaser." And
winking significantly he cackled again.
.""Well, Reb Koppel, well," rejoined
Mr. Takiff somewhat eagerly, "any
thing new?" . .-;
"Sure, indeed, Reb Nosen. The very
article you are looking for Js at hand,
and one to -suit— I should rather say'
becoming — an Honorable Jew like Reb
Nosen .Takiff. Well:'— spreading his
arms— '.'a young man who is a rarity I
among millions— millions, I say; of the
very, very choicest in the realm of
Lithuania. An Illui upon whom thou
sands of wealthy, fathers are casting
their eyes and are trying to take him J
into their 'nets. 'Butnol no,' said I to
myself; and my- wife said the very v
same/'lhls goldfish-must go to no one
else but Reb Nosen's daughter.' -, You
see"— he drew- an old dirty-, tattered
note-book from hia pocket— "Baas Reb
Nosen L' Javolin, Illui Kthe -daughter of
Nosen for the Javolin prodigy)". . He"!
he! he! Koppel the shadchan. Is no
fOOl." ' i; :¦;•-: '¦ ¦;( ';'. .
"Well, well, come into the house and
let me hear what jyou' have tq,.«ay."
The shadchan" disappeared from the'
window and a moment later was. with
us In the sitting-room. 'He had an'ex
tlngulshed corn-cob pipe in' his mouth,
and he playfully swung a gnarled cane
between his'<" Ihuihb and? forefinger, I
which" were yellow' from the tobacco .he
snuffed. He 'was a man of medhjm
size, with a weazenefl" head, which he J
carried bent slightly* forward and -to
one side. His eyes, set in their
sockets, were overhung by shaggy eye
brows, his beard, though . was
broad and long,- and his,' pells, fell to •
his shoulders. S He ( wore 'a long ; caftan, :
the skirt of which registered his move
ments » on /his shining boots, -into -the
tops of which, his trousers '".were stuck. '
The cartan-wagof a dlstlnguishedap
pearance, parted ? in "the "back * "the
fashion of ; a frock coatl but pinned to
gether at the very ; bottom 'so that "It
mud at his fingers' ends, and can tell
the word a hundred page? ahead, if
you stick a pin thron.arh a certain spot;
a wonderful scribe :whose handwriting
is like print, and who'can read Poakim
(a digest- of the Talmud) fn his sleep,
so may the Creator of the 'universe —
blessed be his name! — help me to ac
complish my undertaking In a happy
hour. Of course you know Rabbi Brill
of Javolin; he told me that the young
man is a shining star in Israel whose
brilliancy will illumine our holy people
in exile. As to his-, personal beauty" —
here he shrugged his shoulders and
made a motion with his hands as If to
drive away an Imaginary opponent —
"he looks like an angel. God's grace
rests upon him. Tall, majestic, and in
his white and crimson face there is the
reflection of .angels, so may the Lord
send a blessing wherever I turn.". .
• He paused for a moment tor.wipe the
perspiration from his forehead. Nosen
Takiff nodded hia head In silent ap
proval. - ...
"As to the dowry," ..the shadchan
continued,' "we have little to say. Ha
has been offered ten thousand and fif
teen thousand, rubles, but of course to
an aristocrat like Reb Nosen — well, he
would go for a little less. I believe you
once told me that you were willing to
give your daughter six thousand ru
bles. Well, when you get such a rare
gem you will- not mind to add two
thousand. This young man Is worth
every penny of it, so help me the one
above-^-every groschen. Yes, this 13
what I call a bargain -which could not
be had by the richest of our brethren-
Why, did you never hear of the Javo
lin Illui?" He looked with such aston
ishment at Mr. Takiff that the latter
blushed at his own ignorance.
"So- may the holy one — blessed be he!
—help me find suitors for my owp mar
riageable daughters — even babes. have
heard of him! Oh, Reb Israel." hs
turned to me. as If Just , seeing . me.
"you here! I did not notice you at alL
Young fellows like you must not listen
to talk of marriage;" this with his oily
smile. "When you will be ripe. enough
I'll get you a nice girl -with a big
dowry." . ,'-. ':' ' .
With my heart throbbing painfully
over what I had heard I went Into the
dining-room. There I found ..Malke,
pale and apprehensive, j pretending to
read a book. I thought I detected the
sign of fresh tears on her cheeks. ;v .
In about an hour Mr. Takiff came.in
to the room where we sat. sniilins
blissfully. "My daughter," he an
nounced, "next Friday 'your intended
one" is going to stay Shabbos with us."
Malke did'not utter a word, but her
beautiful face changed color, a few
tears trickled down her cheeks, and
the bock in her .hand slipped to the
floor. "Oh, Israel," I am so unhappy—
so 1 unhappy!" she. whispered, and
without givins me a chance tec reply
she slipped away to her bedroom.
CHAPTER XXIIL !
THE BRIDEGROOM, ;j- -
Friday night arrived. .Having spent
all afternoon brooding In', the, forest, I
had not 'seen the choson /bridegroom),
who had arrived a. little' before sunset
and was now In the, parlor' chanting
prayers with Mr. Takiff. -I .found the
dininjr-room brightly illuminated, the
finest cloth spread, and the best, diahes
arranged on the table! arid Mrs. Takiff
In a.jiew silk gown and a u'hfte apron
was reading from her prayer-book and
frequently raising her eyes' in "the-di
rection cf Malke's- room. Shei likewise
had not seen the choson and wai nerv
ously; awaiting his appearance;
•••Tell Malka to hurry with her toilet
>'¦¦¦: y:i(.t\. 190C. cy uwwMjr, Page & Cq)
yy YICRT morning, when the rising
j-Y tun was streaking the window-
I I f jiancs of my chamber wjjh pur
•*-r* pie I'-sM. I would quickly dress,
njze thj Prophets or Psalms.
>r<1 run out into the bloomir.c
esrdea whirh was in front of Malke's
.haniber. I would stretch myself up
•n ;he KTtSSjr ground, and with an open
book in my hand lose myself In the
i:vir.e poetry ef the king of prophets,
'.tair.li. or reflect upon the const-ling.
• ••uUmF j)iri».fr vertes of David. T would
<•< k up to the blushing sky above, to
he verdant trees all around, the float
;iR sur.bpamf. feel the rool earth be
-f.ith mo— then, .eh! then I would
¦ith.-ai the prert singer's meaning!
Wh.i C^vrcih hmiprif with lipht as
ivttli 2 srarrrer.t: crfco Biretchetb <»ut the
luav^ns UV.e a rurtaln; trhb layeth the
beams of his <hi»mbors in the wat*r;
who Kiak<»th .the c'ouds his chariot:
who wn'ktth upen the wings of the
«ir<2. He srrdeth the streams Ir>to the
valleys which run among the hills: by
I hem tho fntv!s «>f the he-wens have
their habi:ati«-n. which sius among the
brandies: til- trres of the Lord are
full of stir- O I-ord. how manifold ar*
thy woiks! Th» <=3:th is full of thy
<;<her. I v/ill sir.g unto the Lord as
Ions as I live; ! will sins praises to
my <"!od white I have b»ing." Homer.
Virgil. Chaucer. Heine. Dyron, Shelley
— who <A the-n nuKI express so much
beauty in lints h-i few?
One morning as I lay stretched on
the PToucd, reading and pronouncing
the lyrical words'- of Psalms "which
hirred in my ears !ik«> exquisite music.
M»!ke «>pcr.rd the window of her
:hcmber and thrust '>ut her head. Her
tyvn were only half oper., and the mist
ri f sleep was still hc-vering over her
face.
"Why did you get up so early?" she
rs-lced me. ard faintly blushing as she
navtrtd her partly- exposed bosom with
her B&ked hand.
I raised my eves to hers, and behold
in? her head. 'resting between her
hards, her luxuriant hair hanging
down her bare neck like a loosened
?kein of ri'k. her rising and falling
br*>ar^ between her arms, I faltered
shyly, "Ah. it is so beautiful:" and I
spread my arms and dropped them in
des- pair.
She smiled, blushed and lowering her
head she r.Eked me to pluck a violet
for "her. v
I was delighted to obey her. to be
of fnme service to her, to please every
v.him and fancy of hers. • •
As I handed the flower to her she
brr.t forward through the open win
dow, ar.d Fr.-.elling the violet she mur
mured. "What a deliciL-us fragrance!"
BQd glanced blushing!y at my face
with a charming twinkle in .her eyes.
Fhe remained leaning on the win
dow sdll and staring in front of her
meditatively. whi!e I gazed and gazed
at her fa'e 'hat spoke of unsatiable
life, youth, passion, beauty. The gar
den with those many trees and shrubs
•":<! flowers and birds, the shimmering
sky. the spreading sunbeams, the ver
dar.t: earth, the delicious air, the
bloomirg mr.iden with that wondering
puze of hers— ah! Nature In all her
pplcnflor and supreme beauty stc-od b%
fore -me.
She again glanced at me. with a sad
srni!» playing around her lips, and with
what I thought teasing mockery she
said in a very low tone, ".»h. It is so
beautiful!" and her pretty head dis
appeared.
I threw myself upon the ground with
the book clasped to my breast, and
locked list'.essly at the bits of sky
screened by the branches above me.
In my heart I felt a longing mixed
with venom. She was so near to me.
and yet her confidence in me, her
frankness, her calmness, her self-pos
session in my presence, Indicated the
distance between us.
Thus passed the summer In a state
of doubt and despair. Malke grew
Tmore and. j more absent-minded and
melancholy. She frequently spoke to
me of her lack of friends, of the monot
ony Vf her life, and expressed a long
ing to visit theaters and -attend balls
as did th« ladies of big cities.
One.<fay she asked abruptly: "Israel,
is it such a great sin to marry a gen
tile? Magdeline Grubovskl, the sur
vcyor's.daoghter, says she would mar
ry a Jew if she only loved him, and
the ts a Christian. Why should it be
a greater sin for a Jew to marry a
Christian?"
I ceuld give no definite answer to
this, so I said nothing. Then she re-
Kumed: "I ilke Magdeline so much.
She has parties and balls, and oh I
what nice, gallant gentlemen come to
her! 1 have been Invited many times,
but I do not like to go there because
the young men call me 'pretty Jewess.'
:ind they seem to take more liberties
with me than with Magdeline. But they
are so pleasant, eo polite. Isn't Count
Losjlnski handsome' Did you notice
how erect he walks? How beautiful
hi* long black mustache becomes his
dark blue eye*! He always pulls and
twirls his mustache when he talks to
me, and he acts very strangely. Once
he said to father— In a Joke, of course
that if he could get a girl like me "
Here she burst into feigned laughter
and covered her blushing face, .with
. both hands. "Isn't It n:ce of him. to
say that? He's a count and owns this
village and the next, and what a pal
ace he has! - Think of his marrying. a
plain Jewish girl — Why do yon keep
ko quiet, Israel?" 'she asked abruptly.
¦You're always angry at me when I
Fpeak of Count Losjinski. You're a
Ro-od little tutor, nevertheless," , ehe
tdded, emphasizing every syllable by
stroking my chin in a playful manner
and laughing sweetly. How little I
understood the world or even myself! I
did not know that there Is something
deeper In words than the mere mean
ing of them; that things spoken- are
oniy a part of what one wishes to con
vey; that In order to understand a per
son, one must be able to divine.' that
part of his thought which- remains un
said. The first 'instructor of 'this enig
matic language is love, and the best
pupil is the lover. ...-,.v;-- ~-
-THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALU.
THE FUGITIVE
2
•Fringes.:: which, according to some
rabbinical law, f our-oorner garments aro
to have.Unconsciously tears gathered in my
eyes. I bowed my head,, and there
came upon me a burning, realization of
the - meaning this-"perio*d j ; of self
denial—this day which , has-been- eter
nized Jn , Jewish memory by ; fire and
blood; ,the" day- which , cost the down
trodden' Israelite the lives of ; his inno
cent babes : and guiltless, sons and
daughters; the day on which. the eter-
quietude. All rose with faces uplifted.
The silence grew deeper; nothing but
tho soft tread of shoeless feet was
heard; these were the footsteps of .the
seven white-bearded elders of the con
gregation. The snow-white " curtain
overhanging the oren-kodesh was
drawn aside; the portals were opened.
At sight of tUls there came a look of
awe in j every countenance. Each of
the 1 elders took out a""scroll of the
Tc-rah, kissed it, and holding' it to his
breast marched to the altar, where the
seven formed a ring. Breathing almost
stopped— it was a moment too reveren
tial for tears, too solemn for prayer.
The choir waited for. the sexton's sig
nal; the sexton waited for a 'motion
from the rabbi. At length the signal
came/ The -leader of the choir gave a
faint cough to clear his throat, and in a
tremulous minor key began the quaint,
traditional, melodious , Kol-Nidro. The
voices . of •"" the choir rose and fell,
swelled and narrowed, all in the sad
dest-, of tphes, and the congregation
groaned and moaned and wept." The
hymri was repeated three times, and
after > each '.time "an: amen was intoned
tliat sounded like the sudden bursting
of a dam. ~ ..
.-: Happily, neilla (the last prayer at
sunset) came. , It<is the ' ; holy of holies.
It is 1 the last chance, so to speak, to in
voke the King of . Kings , to "Impress a
good seal upon the decrees." Tired out
as the : worshipers were' by this \ time,
they girded their loins to make the last
appeal. ' The' doors of the ark were
congregation remained in the syna
gogue all night, reciting prayers and
chanting hymns... When I returned the
next morning they were still praying
and crying and .beating their, breasts.
The reeky smell of socks mingled with
the foul odor of hundreds of smoking
tallow and wax candles. Mr. Takiff's
candle, which stood In the recess of the
window nearest him, was already ex
tinguished, and a long piece of burned
¦ wick, fell 'over" one side, where the wax
had melted away.' He regarded this as
a "bad omen and was perturbed. Mrs.
Takiff extende(J..her head from the wo
men's gallery and gazed at the extin
guished ., candle with a frightened ex
pression en her face. \ "*¦
The day slowly advanced. The effect
of the fast was Impressed upon every
face." Only the little boys who had not
reached the fasting age looked happy,
munching legs and gizzards of chicken
and; making guesses and bets as to
what candles would burn out the soon
est. The boys who had just reached
the fasting "age cf 13 sat exhausted in
the hay' that littered, the floor. ' Their
faces were haggard, without a shade of
the color of life in ; them; "their eyes
opened and closed wearily; and the
"smelling- vials", went up to their noses
automatically. . . ' ¦
kolai," Mr. Takiff reproved the coach
man; but the latter paid no attention
to his master and emptied another, vol
ley of curses.
- After an hour of this rapid pace we
'drew up before the long house. No
light was seen through the windows,
and Malke was -not on the porch to
meet us. The. driver Jumped off, quick
ly, opened the gate, and drove into the
yard. Not even a servant. came. to re
ceive us. We. entered the large dining
room. Still not a soul appeared." ' v
. '.'Where Is Malke? Where is every
body?" shouted Mr. Takiff. .
' Tekla, the muzhik maid-servant, and
Andrew, who • took . care of the cattle,
.entered with hanging heads.
"Where is Malke? Where is my
daughter?" Nosen demanded in a
threatening voice. . ** \
•They did not answer, but stood with
eyes -' downcast, alternately wringing
their hands and making the sign of the
cross. »
"Muzhik,' swine, you dogs' hides, rob
bers, where's my daughter?" burst out
the desperate father wildly.- "Give me
my daughter!" He caught Andrew by
the hair and shook him, during 'which
jerking the muzhik frantically crossed
his breast.
V ."Panotchic moi (my>Ilttl« master)."
faltered; the peasant, ."you know
Count -Losjlnki— " '
"You horse's head," his master ln
terrupted him, stamping his feet madly,
; "where Is my Malke? I don't care about
the Count, you pig's snout!"
"Pan Notka (Master Nosen)." the
servant began again, "the Count . was
wooden leg. "Oh, eternal health to you
and your wife and your children, Mr.
Takiff. Give something to a poor
widow with nine children," a haggard
woman pulled Mr. Takiff by his sleeve.
"May you live to see great-great
grandchildren;' have mercy on a poor
orphan who has a mother lying sick in
bed," pleaded a ragged boy. "Oh, pray,
give JTie something. Good life and
health to you! I have eleven children;
and my husband lies sick In bed with a
broken leg," entreated a woman with a
babe at her breast. In response to all
these pleas Mr. Takiff drew a bagful of
silver coins from upder his long coat
and distributed its. contents to the mis
erable alms-seekers. That done, we en
tered the synagogue.
The large "building was filled to its
very doors with pious worshipers, some
of whom read from books and cried
softly; others. shook their bodies vio
lently and shouted in most agonizing
despair; and still others wept,
moaned and beat their breasts as if
they meant to strike _them through and
through. They were all robed in white
shrouds, over which were thrown loose
ly white and black praying-shawls.
Hundreds of wax candles, stuck in a
large box of sand, burned before the al
tar, .and hundreds. of them flickered^in
the deep recesses 'of the'windows.'
Some belated people \ with penitent,
faces were pulling off.thejr boots and
unfolding their '.shrouds;' .many ¦ re
mained at the door shaking hands and
asking forgiveness of one another, and
with tears in their eyes expressing re
gret for the past; here and there others
kissed her and blessed her Jn the' old
Hebrew fashion. She did not speak a
word, but I could see that her tears
ajmost stifled her.
"I shall" pray for you to-morrow*,"
her father said, as he stood upon the
threshold of the house, "and/ you should
also pray for us."
Malke wiped her eyes but did not
venture upon an answer. After we had
left the house Sarah went back to
kiss her once more.
As we' rolled away in the carriage I
glanced back at Malke. My heart al
most broke at sight of her, standing on
the porch, her hands clasped before,
her, her face streaming with tears.
Another instant and the thick forest
had shut her from my view. -But the
picture of her weeping In the doorway,"
with interlocked hands, v/as still vivid
before me— as it is even ', now when
ever I think of '. er.
.On arriving at Gonsmar we left our
carriage at an Inn »and at once, re
paired to the "synagogue. The yard
about the house, of worship was
crowded with people. „ Immediately be
fore the entrance of the synagogue
there stood a long table on which
plates were placed marked . "Hospital,"
"Orphan Asylum," "Hakhnoses-Kalo" '
(to bring poor maidens into wedlock),
and with the names of' the various
other charities of the communjty. Be
fore each plate sat some prominent
member of the congregation.
Mr. Takiff stopped before the long
table, bade them all "Gut yomtov,"
and droped five rubles ,In ( one.' plate,
ten" in another, three In another, until
and come to the dining-room," said
Mr. Takiff to me as I came In.
I found Malke. who had remained In
her room all day, lying on her bed with
lier head burled in the pillows. When I
delivered my message she answered me
dully: "I'll come in soon.'.'
In a few minutes she entered the
|n>oni and sat down* quietly, her face
white and drawn. Her mother glanced
at her pale face and quietly dropped
her eyes upon the prayer-book before
her. My heart ached with love and
sympathy for Malke. I wished to
speak to her, but I dared not and could
not.
We sat in an embarrassing silence
till the door opened and Mr. Takiff
ushered in a young man.
Oh. heavens! Shmunke Menke
Shnmnke's stood before me in all his
ugliness. His tall, lank figure, with
I" ' i head drooped over his chest, looked
c a failed sunflower bending the
ilk of its weight. His stooping
oulders seemed to have become more
untied, and the corkscrew curls that
ins over each ear had c/rtainly
lgthened. He wore a coat that al
.rst swept the floor, and an octagonal
apod hat with a long visor that
ershadowed his greenish eyes.
Gut Shabbos." he bashfully stam
?red.
Mr. Takiff turned to his wife,
inrah. this is the bridegroom."
Ma.lke - p face changed from white to
arlet. then to white again. I had a
eat desire to knock down this in
ixd idiot, though I could not clearly
e how he was to blame. Neither
alke nor I was introduced to
imunke. I managed to sit at one- end
the tablo. and as his eyes rarely left
_ _k plate 1 escaped recosnition.
During the meal Mr. .Takiff tested
the young man's shsrpness in the Tal
mud. The host questioned and the
bridegroom answered with wonderful
e.uickness. Mr. Takiff's admiration was
plainly read on his face: he was ecsta
tic over flr.dirg his future son-in-law
so well equipped for the battlefield of
hair-splitting discussions. The chosen
did not exchange a word with his
fiancee that night; once I noticed him
slan«-e through the corr.er c-f his eyes
at the silent, trembling girl, but he
bashfully dropped his eyes as soon as
rho looked up. ..', '¦'.'.¦
Depressed and miserable I sneaked
out of the room in order to avoid
ShTnunkc. I spent all of the next day
in the forest on the pretense of feeling
ill. I hated ,the whole wdrld— Mr.
Takiff fnr bringing this Talmudic im'
beetle. Mrs. Takiff for not chasing
Phmunke out of the hous^ and I al
most hated even Malke because she
kept silent.
The following evening the betrothal
took p'ace. Malke. sad and pale, did
r.ot utter a syllable or even show a
smile durh-g; the ceremony. When bro
ken clay pots and dishes came rattling
down in K shower, celebrating the sol
emn fvent in accordance with the tra
ditional Jewish custom, she stared
blestty in front of her. I noticed her
mother once turn aside and wipe her
'¦yes. Hut Mr. Takiff was* so- lost in
the Ta!rr.tidi<- labyrinth and so elate J
in tpirit that he paid little attention to
his « hild f.r.d her sufferings.
The bric>groom did not exchange a
woid with his bride this night, either,
but ««at surrtiur.ded by a coterie of
Talnudists. who were called iopether
by Mr. Tak!ff to test the "IlluiV
shcrpr m and knowledge. For an
hour : rvjnke swayed himself to and
fro. whi'.e he explained in his nasal
voice sum«; knotty point of Talmudic
la-x. Half a dozen were quizzing him
it irie, »>r.d to all of them Shmunke
replied with lightning rapidity.
"Pish! pith! an Illui— ach. an Illui'."
the suests whispered to one another,
and *hrussed their shoulders in great
CHAPTER XXIV.
FATHER AGAINST CHILD.
The days parsed rapidly, bringing
Malke nearer and nearer to the day set
for her marriage. Her feelings for
Shmunke were obvious to me. but she
spoke very little to any one. and even
with me she went no further than to
gay that the was very, very unhappy.
A few days before the Jewish New
Year, while we were all loitering at
the table after we had finished dinner,
Mr. Takiff took notice of the silent de
jection of his daughter. "What alls
you, Malke?" he asked gravely. "You
tscem to forget that your choson will
be with us Succoth (the feast of
!»oths). and that the wedding is not
r off."
Malke. v.ho had been sitting with her
eek in her hand, made no reply,
e only bit her lip and tightened her
/uth.l — . r
¦Noscn! Nosen!" admonished hi?
fe, who must have guessed how sore
r_ daughter's feelings were.
'.What a simpleton you are!" he said
patiently to his wife. "Can't you
I Malke's indifference to her choson,
10 is a real gem? Why do you look
if you had the nightmare?" he de- '
inded of Malke, irritated by her si
it aversion to his choice
*lalke's lips tightened again, her
In trembled; then a flood of tears
rst from her eyes. And tugging
rvously at her jacket she faltered in
o-w tone: "I will not — marry — that —
|y — stupid— scarecrow!"
"hes* words were like a spark In a
*p of po »der.' r
What!" he cried, jumping' to his
t. "What! you don't want to marry
s Illui, this great and wonderful
genius! He stupid!" His voice rose to
a shriek in' his excitement. "Do you
rn«an to Instruct me to whom I shall
marry you? Do you? Do you per
haps wish to marry a gentile— hey?"
•'Nosen! Nosen!" implored Sarah.
Mr. Takiff did not heed his wife's ap
'peal. "Whom do ycj wish to marry,
outcast? Ha! ha! ha!" he laughed bit
terly. "She don't want the Illul whom
Kabbi Brill consults In rendering deci
sions. \vho ever heard of a Jewish girl
objecting to her father's choice? Mercy.
v , hat are we coming to? You perhaps
would like to have one." be continued
sarcastically, and his whole frame
quivered with anger, "who writes, and
smokes a rigar on Shabbos, and who
rides on horseback on the holy rest
tlay—sui-h a one my tznuah (virtuous
one) wishes to marry. Heavens! Would
that my ears were deaf to Euchi open
bl.-tFphemy from the mouth of my own
flesh and bloody The Illul or the
prnve!" As he' shouted this last he
brought his fist down upon the table
"Nosen! Nosen!" cried his wife again,
with such force that the dishes danced.
rising and taking his armT*
But he threw off her hand and paced ,
up and down the floor, gazing wrath- ,
fully at Malke, who sat weeping with
her head upon the table. Then he re
main*d standing In the middle of- the
room for a minute or two with both (
hands at bis temples, as if a dreadful ,
thought had Hashed through his brain, t
here this mornlns and stayed here sev
eral hours, and I saw him walking
away with Malke."
"Confound you, pig's snout! Did you
see my daughter going away with the
Count?" ""
"No, Pan Notka, but—"
The master lost control of himself
and shook the muzhik by hi3 ears.
"Where is my daughter? Tell roe quick
or — "
His excitement was so intense and
. his anger so fierce that he could not
finish the sentence. His wife dropped
upon a sofa and sobbed. Little Yankcle
(Jacob), frightened by the frenzy of
his father and the grief of his mother,
broke into wails. I stood in the middle
of the room,, etlff and cold.
"I saw Paj^e Malke walking toward
the forest about half an houc after the
Count had left," stammered the trem
bling Andrew.
"Harness the two best horses in the
light vehicle, Nikolai," shouted tho
master. "Israel and I will look in the
woods."
I realized the folly of searching in th©
woods for Malke, for I divined the
cause of her disappearance. But I
made no objection, and accompanied
the agitated father to the forest. Tho
horses galloped as fast as they could;
Xikoini. at the command of his master,
whipped them mercilessly. On the way
Mr. Takiff did not utter a word, only
pressed his temples with his hand3 and
groaned>
When we reached the path that cut
through the forest, Mr. Takiff alighted
and asked me to walk with him
through the thick woods. We tramped
over stumps and fallen trees and
through the~*thlck underbrush. Every
thing, was quiet except the autumn
wind that whistled painfully' and tho
sound of our footsteps.
"Malke! Malke!" shouted the unhap
py father distractedly.
Nothing but a hollow echo came la
response. Once there was a noisa
which sounded like the cracking of dry
twigs under foot. We stopped and lis
tened with held breath. But it was
only the hissing of the wind.
At the other end of the woods Nikolai
was waiting for us with a carriage.
"To Count Losjlnski," ordered the mas
ter as we stepped into the vehicle.
In about an hour we reached the*
Count's palace. No light was to be
seen at any of the windows. Mr. TakifC
pulled the bell fiercely. % No one> cama
to the door. He rang again Impatiently
and again and again, but he only got J
the same silent answer that he received *
when he called for his daughter in the
heart of the forest.
We remained .standing on the steps
of the palace while minute after minute
passed, Mr. Takiff with his head hang
ing over his chest.
Presently we started hony*; there was
nothing else for us to do. . On our way
we accosted every peasant we met with
questions, but learned nothing. At
length we came to a small Inn kept by
a Jew, and here we stopped in the hope
of obtaining some clew. •
We found a shriveled, black-haired,
black-eyed little man seated at a table,
with his wife and three little children
by his side, eating their first meal
after the long fast. A few muzhiks sat
at another table in the same room,
smoking their stinking makhorka (a
poor quality of tobacco- and washing
their throats with delicious vodka.
"How do you do, Pan Notka?" said
one of the muzhiks, with long, flaxen
hair, a sharp little nose, and small,
shiny eyes peeping., from under a nar
row, projecting forehead. "You're
highly promoted. Pan Notka," he went
on Jestingly, before any one else could
speak. "I saw Malke driving with tho
Count In a carriage to-day," and he
winked at his companions.
Mr. Takiff fell back* and stood quiver
ing for a minute. Then he partially
controlled himself, and besought tho
peasant to teil him all he knew about
his- daughter. "Pray, Danila. whero
have you seen my daughter with the
Count? Have mercy on an old father,"
the old man implored, with tears rolling
down his soft, white face.
Sympathy for his grief could be read
in every countenance: even Danila ap
peared more earnest at these words.
"Well, Pan Notka, I'll tell you all X
know," said the peasant, putting his
'pipe aside. "You know, my^oat-fleld
lies right by the forest, and you know.
Pan Notka, this year we had a poor
harvest. At first there was no rain at
all. then there was too much rain. You
remember the hall that broke the win-,
dc-w-panes of your hothouse? So my
oatfield in the skirts of the Count's for
est was very poor, and I could not
gather my oats until last week. This
morning, "an Notka, I went to gather
the last few sheaves I had there, when,
about two t o'clock In the afternoon, I
noticed the. Count Losjlnskl with your
daughter coming toward my field. And
the Count "was very good and kind to
day. He asked rn<- about my^harvwi
and about . the ' vegetables. Coming
home I told my wife there must be
something wrong with the Count, to
talk to me as if he were one of our set.
First the Count waited in the forest,
walking up and down and whistling.
then I saw your daughter coming.- She
was .wrapped In a large black shawl
and carried a reticule. I wondered at
first where she was going on the great
est of your holidays, but I said nothing,
because the Count fan to receive her
and embraced and kissed her. I won
dered .and wondered, but I could not
understand it. Then the Count whis
tled very loud, and his carriage came
from the woods. They got In and
drove off as quick as the devil. In fact.
I couldn't believe my own eyes, and so
I told my wife, but. says I to myself:
.'Don't I know Malke, Pan Notka's
daughter?' My wife laughed right out
in my face,* and said the devil must,
have played a nice trick on me, and I
thought my Murianna was right, and it
must have been some ghost or devil, or
the evil spirits know what."
This story the peasant told In the
usual -' digressive peasant's style, and
finished by spitting on the floor unspar
ingly before returning to his pipel The
little innkeeper and his bewlgged wife
shook their heads and moaned: "Woe
is to us! woe is to us!" But Mr. Takiff
said nothing; he stood dumb, staring
idiotically. And we Immediately left
the inn.
About an hour later we arrived at
home. We found Mrs. Takiff lying In
bed, and an old peasant woman, who
was the physician of the village, at
tending her. Little Yankele was sleep
ing -In his clothes, crouched on two
chairs in the dining-room.
Mrs.. Takiff pointed to an open letter
that lay or the table. It ran thus:
"MY BELOVED FATHER AND
MOTHER — I go with the Count. I real
ize the pain and shame . I am causing
you. I know you will never forgive me
— it Is useless to justify myself to you.
The thought that I shall never see you
again makes me dizzy. How my blood Is
and suddenly rushed out of the room
and slammed the door after him.
CHAPTER XXV.
"YOM KIPPUR."
The family storra*- abated after this
fierce outburst. Mr! - Takiff, who was a
very devoted father, had simply lost
control of himself for the instant. He
was now all kindness. Of course, it
never for an Instant occurred to him to
yield to Malke's desire; but he began
to try to reconcile her to the coming
marriage by recitfng the great virtues
and ability of her choson, and by
drawing pictures of the -happiness and
the honor that the Illul would bring
her. Malke scarcely replied to his per
suasions—a silence which her father
mistook for tacit acquiescence.
We had planned to spend the Day of
Atonement Jn Gonsmar, a town seven
versts distant, where the family al
ways went to worship, as there was
no synagogue in Dubrovka. On the
morning before the Day or Atonement,
Mr. Takiff. Mrs. Takiff and even little
Jacob rose early, beaming with happi
ness: for just as the following day Is
devoted to earnest prayer an* self
denial, this day is one of festivity and
rejoicing. It is incumbent upon every
God-fearing Israelite to feast and
thank the great Creator a hundred and
one times. And in order to fulfill this
commandment. Mr. Takiff took a bite
of various kinds of fruit and offered a
each time. ....-.•
Despite the general happiness, Malke
looked so sad and ill that her mother
suggested it would be wise for her to
stay at home if she would not feel
lonesome. Malke expressed her prefer
ence to remain, and it was so settled.
At dinner we dipped our bread in
honey — this being a symbolic prayer
that the coming year may be as sweet
as the bread we ate. After dinner we
prepared to start for CJonsmar. Mr.
Takiff. who made a grand appearance
in his long, black holiday coat,- called
together his servants and gave them
orders not to sell or execute any trans
action the next day. Suddenly Mrs.
Takiff began to weep, crying that she
feared to leave Malke benmd. But her
husband laughed at her forebodings,
and, said if X.'alke wished to remain at
home she might remain. Malke threw
her arms about her mother and kissed
her again and . again, and embraced
and kissed her father, her warm tears
trickling down his white Deard. H<»
The passage from the table to the
door was blocked by scores ef wretched
cripples, orphans and widows, . who
begged in most pitiful tones./As every
well-to-do man entered the synagogue
yard he was surrounded by these poor
creatures, who perhaps had been wait
ing ail the year for this charitable sea
son, and who implored, In the naine of
their hungry wives, mothers and chil
dren, that they be helped with a few
copecks. *
The experience of all was our experi
ence. Dozens of hands were stretched
c-ut for alms as we came up to the syn
agogue door. "May you live. a thou
sand years, good Jew! Have pity 'on a
poor cripple," jumped up one with a
he had contributed to every one of
them.
happily extended wishes of a "good
seal" to their neighbors. For on the
Day of Atonement all must be friends.
"Sins between man arid his Maker are
forgiven on Yom Kippur," laid down
the vTalmudic sages, "but sins of one
man against another are not atoned for
until the .wrongdoer asks . forgiveness
from the person wronged."
The t'philo .zako (the pure "prayer)
had already begun when we arrived. I
also opened a prayer-book . and mur
mured the pure prayer, but my mind
traveled back to Malke with her bowed
head and clasped hands.
A resounding clap on the big hollow
table at the altar suddenly silenced all
noises. Only the irrepressible sc/o of a
bitter heart or the broken weeping of
women from the gallery disturbed ths
At the close of the service I went to
the inn. Mr. Tariff and many of the
nal wanderer recalls with horror_the
sufferings of his people in the time of
the the day on which the
persecuted Ghetto Jew is reminded that
for maintaining an ideal and belief he
is penned up in filthy quarters', and his
life and soul, are crushed out of
him; the day on which the scapegoat
prays for less cruelty and barbarism in
the new year from the Hands of the
preachers of peace and love. and chari
ty — the Day of Atonement! That day
gives the unhappy race strength and
forbearance to endure the blows and
derision from their neighbors who smite
the right cheek, then the left. That
day has made the Jews a race of mar
tyrs.
opened by one who had paid dear for
the honor. The congregation stood up
with evident fear,' and remained on
their feet during .thl3 service, which
lasted over .. an hour. Like warriors
fighting the last battle they'prayed and
wept and struck , their breasts with
their last bit of energy.
From the women's gallery came a
walling and sobbing that encouraged
the men to augment their own. The
hour was sacred, fearful, awe-inspiring.
Finally neilla was .over. The last
'amen resounded in the dusky syna
gogue like a deep sigh of relief. There
was hope in every countenance. A
faint smile— the of .victory
brightened many, faces at the forcible
slap of the sexton's hand upon the
table.
"Next year In Jerusalem!" pro
claimed the whole congregation in one
uproarious voice; then came seven
times "God is our Lord" in a trium
phant shout; and then came the finale
—the long-drawn call of the ram's
horn.
CHAPTER XXVI.
A TRAGEDY WITHOUT BLOOD
SHED.
We found a carriage waiting, and
without stopping to break the fast in
town we started for home. The coach
man cracked his whip fiercely and set
the horses at full speed. Mrs. Takiff
was anxious about her daughter, and
asked the driver, who had been in the
innkeeper's house for fifteen years,
how he had left Malke. "All right," he
-muttered; and he snapped his whip
viciously at the horses' ears and cursed
them for their. slowness. I wondered
at this, for I knew Nikolai loved the
horses better than his wife. Even-w,hen
the horses were, galloping at breakneck
speed Nikolai 'did not stop his curses.
• "You're in a bad humor to-night, Ni-
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
3CHAPTER TV.
"RUSSIAN JERUSALEM."
One chilly autumn morning I arrived
in Kieff— the "City of Churches." Its
numberless glittering spires, - gilt cu
polas, sparkling crosses, superb bel
fries, overtowering domes, and the
splendor and holiness or Its atmos
phere filled me with overwhelming ad
miration. The sight of the picturesque
Jerusalem of Russia, witn its number
less monasteries, cathedrals, and
churches, aroused in me new feelings,
new thoughts, new hopes, new aspira
tions. My innate lo"v*e for beauty in
any form stirred my enthusiasm to
wonderment, admiration, worship.
I found Ephraim easily enough, and
through him I found Dolgoff. The
former was pursuing his studies and no
less ardently his propaganda, and the
latter, by some means or other, man
aged, without doing a stroke of work,
to wear good clothes and eat the
choicest of food.
Dolgoff started on seeing me the first
time. "By thunder!" he cried, "with
that sprouting mustache on your, face'
and appealing look you're enough like
an old friend of mine to be his brother
(this mustache was a product of my
last year in Vilno). And by the by, one
of his names— he had a dbzen (this
with a rolling laugh)— was the same as
yours, Abramowitch."
I thought of Joseph— in my turn I
was startled. My heart beat wildly.
This (if this friend of DolgoITs should
prove my brother) was the first I had
heard of Joseph since I was a child;
and, In fact. I had scarcely ever
thought of him.
"What was the brother of mine like?"
I -asked controlling myself and at
tempting to laugh.
"Don't call him your brother, even, in
jest," returned Dolgoff. "You look a
CHAPTER IIL
A ROSE WITH A THORN.
During the winter and. the following
summer my studies were a passion
with me. My eagerness for study and
my inexhaustible craving for books
kept me so spellbound that the nights
for sleep appeared' to me like black
spokes in a fast-whirling wheel. I was
instinctively ah idler, and day dreams
were as natural to me as breathing. I
forced myself to read and study as
siduously all day and night. My
friends urged me to study less and give
more time to recreation. But how
could I? I realized there was so much
to learn, so much to observe, so much
to think about, and that I was so
Ignorant and life was so short. And
when I did permit myself a little res
pite in dusky twilight; wneji I figured
it was cheaper to rest than to burn oil
or candles, which I could ill afford, my
mind would immediately ''turn to lit
erature. I would revel in memories of
the works of/ Shakespeare and Milton
and Dante and Goethe and Schiller and
Lessing and Heine and Rousseau and
Moliere and Cervantes. I was in
spired by their grandeur— and at the
same time I was humbled. To be
called a student without possessing a
thorough knowledge of literature,
philosophy, and all the sciences seemed
to me unpardonable pedantry. Such
thoughts, immediately followed by a
realization of my own insignificance
and ignorance, often drove me to de
spair; and I would quickly make a
light (not minding the cost, which fre
quently deprived me of a few meals at
the end of the month) and proceed with
my studies more arduously than ever.
To say that I devoured all the books I
could get hold of is scarcely a figure of
speech. Finding myself in a library
before many tiers of books, my brain
would become dizzy from a nervous
desire to read all the books at once.
In spite of Dolgoff's congeniality and
kindness, I soon determined that his
house was no place for me. I dreaded
people with secrets. So as soon as I
found employment by which I could
earn enough for bread and butter and
tea I moved to a small attic, from
which I looked down upon a wide ex
panse of roofs. Small as my room was,
I enjoyed it more than if it had been a
sumptuously furnished palace. I loved
the noiseless hum of silence at night,
and there in my forsaken nook, with
but a cot, a chair, and a table, I found
these comforts in all their lavishness.
Of Ephraim I saw little, and at Dol
goff's apartment I called rarely. The
former was too much engrossed in his
ideas and propaganda, and the latter
was busy fabricating passports and
printing circulars, which he took pains
to keep away from me. Besides, I had
made up my mind that the. secret bond
between the two was such as would not
admit.of investigation. From remarks
dropped now and then I learned that
they belonged to a revolutionary soci
ety, which I had no desire to join.
At the end of the summer I was ad
mitted to the sixth grade of gymna
sium, as Ephraim had predicted. My
answers to the examination ¦ questions
drew attention to me. I overheard one
of the examiners remark to another:
"A bright Jewish lad." And the record
I made at examination I kept up in the
classrooms. I was constantly being
commended by my instructors.
But there is no sunshine without
shadow, no rose without a thorn. A
very sensitive person can k never be
happy; his feelings are so tender that
the least unkindness puts - him in
misery. -Happfhess is the lot of those
whose nerve? are dull, whose brains are
heavy, whose eyes look and do not see.
Unfortunately, I was very sensitive —
quick to see, quick to comprehend,
quick to feel.
And it was not long before I felt the
prick of the thorn. My assiduous study
and native aptness for. literature
brought me to the head of the class in
"The people that walk in darkness have
seen a great light." — Isaiah.
CHAPTER>"I.
"LITHUANIAN JERUSALEM."
The holidays passed mournfully
enough. Nothing was heard of Malke.
Her name was not to be mentioned in
her father's presence, though both of
the grief-stricken parents continued to
weep and groan, and the dreary fall
added a touch of gloom. I could not
bear to stay in this house any longer,
so when the first Enow fell I thanked
the broken-hearted people for their
kindness and departed. With a hun
dred rubles in my pocket I hoped to be
able to make a start In Vilno.
Late on Friday afternoon -I arrived in
the great city of enlightenment. The
streets of "Lithuanian Jerusalem," as
Vilno was Justly termed, were thronged
with running. Jostling, pushing men
and women, whose every look and ges
ture spoke of thrifty commerce. With
no particular destination in view, I
wandered through the busy thorough
fares, 6taring at everything about me
with astonishment; at the three and
four story white-plastered buildings
which seemed to me like bo many
towers of Babel, at the crowded side
walks, at the noisy pavements, at the
Emoothly rolling carriages, at the rat
tling carts, at the rushing droskies.
Everything was so different from what
I had been accustomed to in the small
dirty towns that I felt helpless, half
frightened.
I reached the marketplace. Here
more than ever I was aware that I was
in Vilno and on Friday — the busiest
day of all seven. I paused on a street
corner and looked about dazedly. Fish
mongers, fruit-venders, small dry
goods dealers called off their wares in
stentorian voices, asthmatic voices,
screechy, piping voices, jarring voices,
and in all sorts of intonations and dia
lects.
A heavy-cloaked, fat Jewess, with a
large woolen shawl twisted around her
head and covering all features but her
frozen nose and moving lips, solicited
trade In this wise: "Blessed women,
come, come; good, hot, mellow, and
rellshable beans; buy, women, for the
Sabbath. They will melt in your
mouths like granulated sugar — so may
the One whose name lam not worthy
of mentioning help me to see^my chil
dren under the bridal canopy — a real
bargain; a bargain as sure as I live."
"A bargain ' as sure as I live," piped
her little' daughter, while her mother,
was rubbing her hands and warming"
herself over the "fire-pot."
Another woman stood in the doorway
of a dry-goods shop, her hands under
her apron and her head cowled In a
heavy shawl, quarreling with a woman
who was leaving the store. "Outcast!
Vixen! May. your name be effaced from
the earth!" cursed the storekeeper.
"Don't I know that you go around from
store to store only to bargain and hag
gle without buying a penny's worth of
stuff? Ha! ha! ha! Did you ever see
such a pig, such an unclean animal,
who came over here from some small
town or village, and simply goes
around for the fun of bargaining? Ten
customers— so may God help me and
give me good luck— ten customers— so
may I see my eldest daughter under
the bridal canopy and you in the
grave! — ten customers — so may ten
plagues set on your hoggish black face!
—ten customers passed my door and
did not come in because you were bar
gaining with me, and they surely would
have bought more goods than you have
got in your store, you pig of a small
town! All the ten plagues of Egypt
shall rest on your hoggish head!" The
shopkeeper turned to the passersby:
"Nu! nu! Did you ever hear? She don't
want my goods, she says, after I had
turned the store upside down and
quoted her the cheapest prices— almost
at cost."
The would-be customer, a short,
heavy-set woman with purple cheeks,
blue lips, and a reddish snub-nose, had
been gathering wrath, and the now
turned it loose. "Thief! Pickpocket!
Your swindles are known all over the
world, 'from India unto Ethiopia.' Ha!
ha! ha! She thinks she has got hold of
a fool from a small town, and tries to
sell her a 'cat in a bag.' Before I ever
knew about your threadbare stolen
handkerchiefs and rotten silk I had'al
ready dealt in ten thousand rubles'
worth of satin and costly silks and vel
vets. All the storekeepers of our town
warned me not to buy any goods from
you— so may I live to see my husband
and children in the best of health
' when I arrive home! All your curses
will fall in the deep sea where the
Egyptians were drowned, and where I
hope to see you swallowed. Must I buy
BOOK THE SECOND.
LIGHT.
CHAPTER II.
MY SECOND BIRTH.
After a long res.t»I awoke the next
morning with a happy word on my lips
— Vilno. I lay In bed listening to the
rumbling of wheels on the loud cobble
stones as if it were sweet music, and
later, glancing through my window at
the tier upon tier of high buildings and
domes and spires, I pictured myself as
Napoleon beholding the burnished roofs
and magnlficant structures of Moscow
before its doom. >.".;:
My joy was so overwhelming for
many days to come that all. past recol
lections escaped my memory; even the
fresh remembrance of Malke was mere
ly like the sour taste that remains after"
eating sweets. I thought of nothing
but the future. Nor was I troubled by
the suspicion that Dolgoff had *at first
aroused in my mind. I did my clerical
work as he bade me, asking no ques
tions. Not infrequently I wondered
what he did with so many passports,
which I copied, and what he did with
that printing-press, which I often
heard him work behind closed doors,
but I would instantly recall his stipu
lation and remain dumb. Did I have
any cause to disregard his orders? Did
he not treat me generously? Did he not
furnish me with books that I might
pursue my studies? Did he not help me
in every possible way? With such ques
tions I would quiet any misgivings. that
arose in my mind. And what a com
panion! His rich, elastic barytone,
which rang with tragic sweetness and
pathos on many a frosty winter night,
still chimes in my ears like a weird
echo whenever my mind recurs to that
period of my eventful life.
Two months passed happily in rou
tine work and study. One night about
Christmas time, while I sat reading, I
heard Dolgoff and another man talk
ing in the adjoining room. That there
was a man in his room was itself sur
prising, as Dolgoff had few visitors,
but my attention was attracted not so
much by the visitor as by something
suggestive in the voice of the guest
"S-h! I hear somebody stirring in the
next room," I heard the' visitor say.
'"This Is the fellow I told you about —
silent as a flsh."
A short pause.
"How soon must you have the pass
ports and the circulars?"
There was a sound like that of un
folding a large sheet of paper. VTo
morrow morning, if • possible," the
stranger answered. "There is danger
if they don't get the passports in three
days."
"I am afraid to work at night. The
press makes too much noise, and my
housekeeper tells "me that the neigh
bors are getting suspicious of us." r
"How about getting the fellow to.
work to-morrow all day?"
Another' pause.
"I am afraid to trust him. He ap- 
peared dull at first, but I find him
quite shrewd." ' "
"Suppose you call him out so I can
size him up."
Dolgoff called, "Israel!" ,
• I pretended not to hear.
He called a second time.
I stepped into the next room. It was
dim, and I could not see Dolgoff's com
panion very distinctly, but I noticed
that he wore a gymnasium uniform.
"Is that you?" the stranger ex
claimed.
I shrank back a step and said laugh
ingly: "The voice is Jacob's voice and
the hands are the hands of Esau."
"Don't you know me?" he asked,
again coming closer to me.
Ephraim! But what a change! A
heavy crop of dark, curly hair crowned
his well-formed head, a brown mus
tache shaded his upper lip, and his
keen eyes sparkled through a pair of
glasses. He was more erect, more
graceful than ever, and. In the smart
gymnasium uniform he looked quite
distinguished.
Then we forgot everything else and
talked of days gone by and of what
had happened to us since our separa
tion.
"I am in the seventh," he answered
to my question as to his class.
"And I am in minus one," I said Jo
cosely, though a trifle Jealously.
"You will catch up with the rest of
us," Ephraim assured me encourag
'ingly. "Once rid of the fanatics, the
rest is easy sailing. 'In der Beschrank
jmg zeigt alch erst der Melster,' " he
quoted Goethe. "The danger is now
over; one daring step brings the* ad
vance of two."
Although I rejoiced at meeting my
old friend, yet I dreaded his associa
tion. I realized that Ephraim's mo
tfves and ideas had always been wor
thy, but at the same time I feared he
was instinctively creating trouble for
himself and his companions. I did not
clearly upderstand in what complica
tion he was now involved, but the pass
ports of his and Dolgoff's fabrication.
,as well as the circulars printed behind
closed doors, were doubtless not serv
ing a legitimate purpose. However, my
situation was such as did not warrant
my severing connections with either
him or Dolgoff. And, besides, in spite
of Ephraim's revolutionary ideas,
which were not in harmony with my
nature, I loved him for his sincerity.
I . have always preferred erring sin
cerity to truth advocated by a hypo
crite.
The following day he took me to his
lodging, where we v discussed my future.
There would be no trouble in my being
admitted to the sixth, he assured me,
if I should Btudy all , winter and the
coming summer; but I had no passport,
without which, he said, I could not
even 1 present myself for 'examination.
After a few minutes' thought he asked:
little alike— only In physical appear
ance. He is one of the biggest rogues
the devil ever got into."
"He sounds interesting. Tou might
at least tell me a little about him." I
said, with a fast-beating heart, again
straining a light manner.
"He certainly was a lost soul," said
Dolgoff carelessly. "I heard it whis
pered that he killed his own father.
Whether this was true I can't say. But
I know he collected a lot of blackmail
from an important personage who was
mixed up in a murder, by threatening
exposure. I got to know him pretty
well, for we worked together for a
while — passports, you know. When I
first knew him he was living with a
woman, a gentile, who said she was his
wife. But they weren't married. He
had talked free-love hocus-pocus to
her till he had convinced her marriage
wasn't necessary. He soon deserted
her and ran off with a money-lender's
daughter and all of his money he could
get hold off. I haven't heard of him
since, but he's undoubtedly at the same
game. If I weiys you, Israel," he ended
humorously, with a soft, rolling laugh,
"I'd shave off my mustache and look
like some one else."
I did not dare question him any
further about Joseph, for fear my curi
osity, together with the resemblance he
had noted, might lead him to suspect
the relationship between his old friend
and me. Needless to say, I was . not
proud of Joseph., ;So I turned the con
versation upon Ephraim.
"Oh, Razovski Is now stirring Kieff
with 'liberty for the Jews' and 'assimi
lation,' " he said in answer to my ques
tion as to what was Ephraim's present
hobby. "He is always fortunate in
finding co-operators. A certain Judge
Bialnick— a gentile— is working inde
fatigably for the cause."
L "Judge Bialnick!" I uttered breath
lessly.
"Why, did you ever hear of him? He
comes from Lithuania and has spent
his life among Jews."
I did not answer his question; instead
I again changed the Subject. "And
what about Nihilism?"
"It is not dead yet." he responded in
a whisper. "That's how Razpvskl came
to meet Judge Bialnick. The Judge Is
at the head of our secret society here.
Matters will become lively pretty
soon." He suddenly checked himself,
as if he realized he had already talked
too much.
The information that Bialnick was in
Kieff took me completely by surprise.
I was so dazed that after leaving Dol
goff I almost lost my way. I recalled
that Bialnick had talked of being
transferred to Kieff, so this must be
the same Bialnick that I had known.
And Katia must be In Kieff, too. .A
thrilling hope took hold of me. I could
not see my way clear to a renewal of
friendship with her, but I trusted to
fate and my efforts.
I took up my new course of study
with fresh, zeal. Because Katia was so
near, because of the new hope that was
burning within me, the dry pages of
anatomy and materia medlca became
as attractive to me as volumes of
poetry. I was happy all the time be
cause I was breathing the ' same air
with Katia: and every evening I was
doubly happy, because then I walked
past her residence, which, I soon
learned, was in the Pecherski quarter,
the most fashionable part of the city.
But I suffered from material want.
Living expenses here were much higher
than at Vilno, and my earnings were
less. I eked out my livelihood by doing
some odd literary Jobs for a well
known periodical, but the remunera
tion, was so meager that I was often
compelled to live on one meal a day.
However, I was not discouraged. On
the contrary, my ambition was stimu
lated, and the time of the missing meal
was spent in writing verses. My muse
was very, active In those days. With
ink and paper before me, and a pen in
my hand, I felt as if I were riding on
a fast-sailing cloud, with the earth be
low like a mere child's ball.
Yet I could not substitute verses for
all my meals. So I advertised in a
local newspaper, and the second inser
tion procured me a position as tutor In
a wealthy family. The payment I
agreed upon was sufficient to carry me
through college. The first lessons I
gave were satisfactory, and now all
seemed easy sailing.' But I was soon
again reminded that a rose Is scarce
ly even without thorn. One afternoon,
as I presented myself at the appointed
time, I found the father Instead of his
two sons.
He bowed stiffly and in a courteous
tone said: "Well— a— you will excuse
me — a — your name — a — deceived me."
And he smiled, as if he wished me to
understand the rest.
I looked dubiously at him.
"Don't you see— Mr. Russakoff?" he
added. "I don't believe you are the
kind of tutor my hoys need."
"Could you kindly specify my defi
ciencies, so that I may benefit by your
opinion?" I asked smilingly, though I
was filled with sudden despair.
"I beg your pardon, sir." He smiled
graciously. "The fault— a— is not with
you, but— a— with— a— the Jew—"
My feelings at that instant were be
yond all description. I had suffered
many injuries of «a similar kind before,
but never had I felt so hurt as at this
time. . I went to my room and threw
myself upon my bed, and, man though
I now was, burst Into a flood of tears —
tears of rage, of humiliation, of help
lessness. Afterward I sat smarting at
my window, watching daylight turn to
dusk and twilight to darkness.
"He finds no fault with me, but with
the Jew." This ran througn my brain
for days. However, little by little my
wounds were healed. I soon began to
reason and ' look for excuses for my
abuser, as I had always done, and
found some justification ror his inhu
man, act. But I could not forsjet that
my college fees were due and my board
bill was not settled.
And now a daring plan came into my
mind— a plan suggested by my recent
company had made me f eel as if we
had been lifelong friends. - But what
did it matter as long as I was in Vilno
— in Lithuanian Jerusalem — in the
great city of light and culture* Finally
magic hope sung a sweet lullaby and
lulled me to sleep. , .
that course. The jealousy of the gen
tile boys was provoked, and I suffered.
During recess, when the boys would
play and fight, I could not pass through
the schoolyard without insult. One
would gather the skirt of his coat in
his hand in the shape of a pig's ear
and imitate that unclean animal as I
passed; another would mimic my walk;
some one else would bespatter me with
ink blown through a straw. Nor -were
these the worst pranks they played up
on me. Need I say that I suffered? The
word suffer is not adequate to express
what I felt. It was not their Jibes and
mockery alone that hurt me. I* was
hurt as much by their injustice to my
race. It was not me individually that
they insulted, but the creat suffering
people of Israel. - '¦ .
Many a night, when' myj tormentors
were peacefully asleep, . !• lay In my
dark 'little chamber and longed for the
Ghetto and the Talmud, .Several times
I determined to give up all hopes of be
coming a distinguished- man and go
back to the Beth-Hamedresh and the
musty folios of the Talmud. "Is not
the confined Ghetto, with all its dirt
and bigotry, the safest corner for- the
sensitive Jew?" I would ask myself.
"There at least, though I suffered
physically, I w,as not a target . for
sneering and Jeering and . unbearable
offenses. There at least my heart and
stntlments were not wounded. The
swineherds who had beaten me were
ignorant and were therefore not quite
responsible for their inhuman act. But
now, among educated people who are
taught to reason and who boast of civ :
ilization, why should I feel like a
strayed lamb among a pack of wolves?
What fault do they find with me that
justifies their Insults? What makes me
an object of scorn? I do not ask of
them to love me. Toleration Is all I
pray for." -
But the next morning all my yearn
ing for knowledge would come back to
me, and I would go on with my. studies
with unabated) zeal.. Though It has
never been in .my nature to humble
myself before* any one, I learned after
a while! in spite of my pride, to walk
humbly before those brutal boys. I
even used" to correct some of the stu
dents' compositions before they had
been handed to the teacher. And what
recompense did I get for It? Smiling in
sults and tacit offenses.
After all, I derived a certain benefit
from all these Injuries. The misery I
suffered through the prejudice of my
tormentors strengthened "my will; the
sneers I received because I was. of. the
fugitive race lent courage my timor
ous nature. .Suffering Is the best culti
vator . of character. The " wrongs
others had done to me made me realize
the wrong I was doing to others. Per
secution taught me tolerance, sympa
thy, truthfulness. Justice.. y
After a time I began to take thought
as to what profession I should enter. I
finally settled upon mecicme, though I
had no inclination for it. In Russia a
Jew may not do what he wishes, but
what he is permitted to do. I chose
-medicine because it was the most Inde
pendent'profession open to me.
During all the period of study and
torture the image of Katia was con
stantly arising in my mind. Her sov
ereignty over me, which had lapsed
during Malke's brief sway, was now
more absolute, more absorbing; it
sweetness to my existence. I could not
clearly see where or how I could ever
meet her again, but I was young, and
youth ' is ever hopeful. When" my
teacher pronounced my verses "de
cidedly promising" I regarded this suc
cess as a partial fulfillment of Katia's
mprediction. that I would become a
famous poet. Then would come the
consuming ambition to realize her ex
pectations, and I would study and
write more zealously than ever that I
might become as great as Nekrassoff or
Lermontoff or Pushkin.
So several years passed — years of tor
ment, of study # of versifying, of dream
ing of Katia. On my graduation day I
heard, as I once had dreamed: "A gold
medal for Ivan Petrowitch Russakoff."
Ephraim had graduated the year be
fore and had gone to Kieff, to study in
the university; and thither I also de
cided to go.
"Would you mind changing your
name?"
I did not divine his meaning at first
and looked at him somewhat dubiously.
"Why, don't you understand?" He
lowered his voice. "I can get .you a
passport under a different name, pro
vided you would assume that name.
Kvery three years you may renew the
passport and live undisturbed all your
life." ;
I felt that it would not be easy to
part with my name; it seemed to me
like changing my nose without remod
eling my other features. But after he
had laid the proposition before me and
explained the impossibility of my ac
complishing anything without 'such a
step, I submlted to this change.
So that /very afternoon, in the pres
ence of Dolgoff,: Ephraim presented me
with a document that bore the Russian
eagle .arid smilingly said: "I'll be your
godfather and christen you Ivan Pe
ti^svitch Russakoff, a native of Pskoff.
Remember, you are a native of Pskoff."
he repeated warningly. "And now you
are safe." ,
That night. I lay awake for hours.
Hitherto I had worked with enthus
iasm, I had been in much the situation
of one who is trying to find his way
alone through a wilderness. Ephraim
had pointed the direct path to me; his
advice helped, me to reduce my de
sultory plan to order. My hopes grew
stronger as I tossed about on my bed.
I began to look into 'the future. I saw
myself in gymnasium' uniform; I saw
myself studying arduously to win
prizes; I saw myself in the midst of a
graduating class and heard distinctly,
"Gold medal for Ivan Petrowitch Rus
sakoff" — and then, ghostlike, a picture
began to take hazy shape. Gradually
the figure, assumed more definite out
lines. My heart began to throb faster
and the blood in my veins ran more
swiftly as the picture became clear be
fore my eyes. I held my breath. A
blooming maiden, with rich brown hair
hanging down her back, stood by my
side, smiling. I thought I, heard her
murmur very softly: '"You' foolish Is
rael! Why, then I'll marry you." ,
your rotten goods? Get yourself a big
ger fool than me. No, no, little sister"
— this in a tone of mockery— "you can't
sell me your stinking goods., I was not
born yesterday."
"Fish — trembling, live fish. Just from
the bait, as good as the leviathan,"
struck in a fishmonger, winking signifi
cantly at the two quarreling women.
"The Czar himself may eat them. Try
them, buy them, good women. Eight
copecks a pound — eight copecks. Fresh
and trembling, good women."
Bewildered by the tumult and con
fusion I strolled from stall to stall;
staring about me in countryman fash
ion. I paid dear for my curiosity.
Every time I raised my eyes to the
high buildings some urchin was certain
to aim a painful blow under my chin.
Once the blow was so powerful that
when I recovered from my surprise I
found my image deeply imprinted in a
heap of snow.
At length the yellowish street lights
began to flicker. I had never before
seen such illuminations, and they filled
my mind with admiration for the mag
nificence of the Lithuanian metropolis.
"While engrossed in sight-seeing I was
utterly unconscious of the biting frost
and the dust-like sprinkling of snow in
the air; but now that my curiosity was
half-satisfied and night had fallen I
began to feel the cold and think of a
place to spend the night. I had money
in my pocket and might easily have
found lodgings,. but I was so at a loss
in this big city that I actually feared to
try. At one tavern after' another I
stopped, but could not summon courage
enough to open the door. 1 1 might have
walked the streets all night had I not
soon observed that on every corner po
licemen were eying me, made suspi
cious by my having: so often passed
and repassed them. As" my fear of
them was greater than my fear of Inn
keepers, I determined to seek refuge in
the first lodging-house I should come
across.
I pushed open the door of an ale
house and, half-embarrassed, remained
standing like a beggar on the very
threshold. Two men seated at a little
table were talking in low tones, and at
first seemed not to observe my pres
ence. A minute later, however, one of
the men looked up at me angrily # and
said to his companion: "The beggars
are eating the flesh off our bones. They
give us no rest even on Friday night."
Then he asked sarcastically of me:
"How many suppers have you had to
night?"
I was humiliated. I fingered the
money in my pocket, with a strong de
sire to pull out the roll of bills and
show him that I had more than enough
to pay for a meal.
"He's not that kind of a bird," ,the
other remarked, rising from his seat.
"What do you wish?" demanded the
first man, who was the proprietor.
In a faltering voice I told him that I
was a stranger seeking lodging for, the
night, for which I was ready to pay in
advance. My explanation seemed to
appease the angry proprietor, and com
ing near me he asked: "What is your
business, young man?"
I could not understand what right he
had to put this question to me, but as
I lacked courage to refuse an answer I
told him I had come to attend the gym
nasium.
"Talmudlc sucklings are flocking in
dally, so that the yeshlvas will soon
have to be closed for want of students,"
he said to his companion. Then turn
ing to me he said in a tone of dis
missal: "This is no lodging-house,
young man."
I was about to leave, when his com
panion, who had been scrutinizing me
silently, inquired: "Have you any
friends here?"
"I don't know a soul in the city," I
answered.
He contfnued to look sharply at me,
and after a moment's hesitation asked:
"Da you write a neat hand— I mean
Russian?"
"I think I do."
"If you are willing to do some copy-
Ing — for an hour or two a day — I will
give you lodging by way of compensa
tion and give you an opportunity to
earn a few rubles besides."
This was Indeed a godsend. I ac
cepted the offer straightway.
A few minutes later we were walking
through the streets, while my com
panion was questioning me about my
past. Me was tall and solidly built,
with Jet-black curly hair, and with,
what I thought, mischievous-looking
eyes. At first I was apprehensive of
danger; but there were candor and
sympathy In his wards, and his offer
was too inviting for one in my circum
stances to reject, so I soon dismissed
all suspicion from my mind.
"We presently entered a large, gloomy
courtyard. After we had climbed two
narrow stairways my friend rapped on
a door. We were admitted by a young
woman into a dimly lighted apartment.
He introduced the woman as "the lady
who keeps house for me," and he
showed me Into a peat-looking room
which contained, besides a bed and a
little table, a small printing-press.
"Israel— don't mind my calling you
by your first name; I also wish you to
call me Adolph, not Mr. Dolgoff," he
laughed merrily, and slapped me on
the shoulder by way of encouraging
good, fellowship — "Israel, make your
self at home here. I hope you will not
find me a bad fellow. But I must add
one stipulation— whatever you see or
hear keep to yourself; ask no questions.
When you have had as much experi
ence as I you will find this advioe very
helpful to you. Children must be
taught to talk, grown people to keep
silent."
After I ha'd supped on very palatable
food I went to bed. But although I
was worn out hours passed before I fell
asleep./ The incident of my meeting
Dolgoff and the scenes I had witnessed
during the day kept me awake. My
new friend looked mysterious; every
thing about him was suggestive of a
secret; and yet his cordial manners
won my confidence. One hour in his
boiling! But I could not help myself. I
love Count Losjinskl: the thought of him
nils me with life and love. Can I resist
when a greater* force, which governs you
and me and every one else, has taken pos
session of me? Do you remember, father,
you used to tell me that whatever one
does It is the will of God? If this Is true,
then, it is not my wrong, but His, who
made me love the Count. If you cannot
forgive, forget not your ever-loving
, "MALKE."
The aggrieved father scanned the let
ter with a wild stare in his eyes. He
remained speechless . for a moment.
Then, as if awakening from a delirium,
he rose to his feet, got a knife, and
with a nodding head and tears flowing
over his face came up to his wife.
"Sarah, our daughter Malke Is no
more!" he said in a hoarse, tremulous
voice. "Her chastity is gone! Our child
is dead to us— dead! Krea (rend your
clothes)."
And as he said this he made a cut in
his wife's Jacket, then in the lapel of
his own coat, and eat down 'on the
floor heavily.
"Malke is dead— dead!" he groaned
through his streaming tears as he
swayed his body mournfully. ¦
"Oh. my child! Oh, Malke! Malke!"
wept Mrs. Taklff bitterly, wringing
her hands. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
4• The next day was the ever-memora
ble March 13. 1*81— the date of the as
sassination of Alexander II. The bomb
which exploded In St Petersburg shook
the entire empire. Immediately the
whole nation was in mournng; the
theaters were closed, music was for
bidden, every place of amusement was
desolated. The very air was filled with
sadness and fear; every heart trembled
with consternation, for even a loud
laugh was regarded suspiciously. The
student element fearefl tne most, for
the students were known a3 the chief
conspirators. Following the murder,
they were arrested everywhere on the
slightest shadow of suspicion; thou
sands were Imprisoned during that
month. Close watch was kept over all
the students, and the least suspicion or
denunciation was sufficient to throw a
student into prison, pernaps never to
come out again. People in the streets
did not talk above a whisper. One
heard of nothing but arrests.
That night I sat in my room trying to
study, but could not fix my mind upon
my books. The news of the murder of
the Czar and a fear that In some man
ner the Jews would be made scapegoats
had' unnerved me. I moved restlessly
about my room, stirring my fire, peer;
ing out of my window at the snow
sheeted roofs, listening to the passage
of crunching footsteps and tinkling
sleigh bells.
About midnight there was a gentle
knock on my door. 1 jumped up with
A GREAT EVENT.
CHAPTER VII.
After a while we began to talk of the
years that had passed since I had
tramped through the sleety night away
from Zamok. She told' me of her ex
periences, all of which were very quiet,
for her life had moved on evenly and
happily: and I told her of the Yeshiva
of Javolln, of . Malke, of the gymna
sium at Vllno. Then our talk became
more broken.
"How surprised father will be to
learn who you really are," she said at
one time during the evening. I made
haste to suggest that it might be wis
est not to reveal my identity to him
Just yet, giving reasons which, though
plausible, were not the ones which
actually influenced me. To this she
agreed.
When I told her the poems which
appeared weekly In the Moskovski
Gazette, and for which she had often
expressed admiration, were mine, she
assumed an "I-toId-you-so" air that
was bewitching.
"Don't you remember, I used to say
that some day you would be a great
poet like Pushkin or Lermontoff "
"And then." I interrupted her, "you
remember what you promised?"
"Why, you foolish Israel— then." she
laughed rapturously and dropped her
head on my breast
I asked about the officer whom I had
seen so frequently at her house and to
whom I had that day been Introduced,
and she confessed to me that he had
proposed to her twice within the last
two weeks. : ;".'
"When you think of that fine-look
ing man how can you love me?" I
asked with a tinge of Jealousy. "Me—
a Jew?" ]
"Oh. you foolish, foolish boy!" she
cried, again showing her affection in
a way that was mere expressive than
words.
Contiauad Kext Sunday.
I BEND TO THE CROSS.
CHAPTER IX.
"It seems strange," she went on hes
itatingly, playing with the golden cru
cifix that dangled over' her bosom.
"When my feelings are touched I. have
very few words to say, and for the
rest" — she broke the sentence with a
forced laugh— "I cry. I think \ that
tears are the poetry that flows from
the very depths of one's soul, while
words come more from thej>ra!n. Don't
you ever feel inclined to shed tears,
Mr. Russakc-ff?"
"Sometimes." I replied in a stifled
tone; and immediately I added with an
attempt at lightness: "And sometimes
I relieve my feelings as the poets do —
In verses."
A silence of a minute or more fol
lowed, during which she glanced at me
several times from under her lowered
eyelashes.
"Do you know." she resumed, clearing
her. throat as she spoke, "the more I
see of you the more you remind me of
Israel. He was always melancholy."
The following morning I was called
before the chief, and after a brief trial
was told to go home, but warned that
I was "under the suspicion of the po
lice."
On ray way home I learned from Mr.
Levinski. who had had an interview
with the chief of police concerning
Ephralm, that Ephralm was also ar
rested on suspicion only, but his case
was rather serious because he had car
ried on some correspondence with Pro
fessor Dragmanoff, who was a great
agitator "of nihilism and who had fled
to Switzerland. The worst for Eph
raim was, however, his being found de
stroying papers, and the discovery in
his trunk of letters from Dragmanoff
after his denial of ever having corre
sponded with the professor. Besides
other "censored" books, "The Revisor"
(Gogol's famous drama of corruption),
which had been particularly suppressed
that winter, was also found in Eph
raim's possession. Mr. Levinski gave
it as his opinion that Ephralm would
certainly be sent to Siberia.
However, the misfortune that befell
my friend, and the still graver afflic
tion that the nation had sustained by
losing the noblest of its emperors, were
as naught compared to my anxiety
about Katia. Of what interest or
value was Russia to me? What did it
matter' that the liberal Czar was as
sassinated when Katia, who was more
to me than my nation, my creed, my
race, and above kings and queens, was
away from me and yet dwelt in the
innermost chamber of my heart* For
who is more selfish, jealous, conceited
than a lover? Human beings, the ani
mal kingdom, and other matters like
pen, ink, or paper, serve only one pur
pose — to communicate his or her fever
ish sentiments to the beloved. Even
the world plays a trifling part when
the egotistic lover is engaged In the
amorous vanity of the heart And yet
the world was built on love, so the
poets say. Love is the magnetism
which holds together the molecules of
humanity.
I stayed In my room two days, and
then, the excitement being over, I
went to give Katla her regular lesson.
I was shown into the reception-room,
where I found her taking leave of a
tall stout man of military bearing. I
had met him several times before, but
he had evaded an introduction, always
overlooking me with obvious contempt
This time he could not avoid meet-
Ing me, but he acknowledged the Intro
duction formally with a bow that
seemed to mean: "What the devil is
the Jew doing here?"
He remained only a few minutes
longer, and when he departed he did
not .give me even so much as a friend
ly look.
"Is it not horrible, Mr. Russakoff?"
Katia began tremulously. "My father
has been sick In bed for the four days
since the fearful news reached us. He
takes this catastrophe so to heart It
is terrible. Oh, the Nihilists are ruin
ing this country! Why cannot people
live peacefully, I wonder?"
She dropped Into a chair as If from
sheer exhaustion. She evidently knew
•nothing of misery, of suffering, of
starvation, of oppression — she did not
even know her own father.
For a while we talked of her father,
of th* Nihilists, of the possible results
of the Czar's* assassination; and then
our talk shifted to Heine, whose
."Relsebllder" she was reading with my
assistance.
"I always wondered how those poets
could write so much on the single sub
ject, of love," Katia remarked; and
then she immediately blushed, as if
she wished to recall her words.
"Because they felt so much," I an
swered.
LOVE CONQUERS DISCRETION
CHAPTER VIIL
occupation as tutor and my desire to
pee Katia. I wrote a brief formal note
to Katia, without giving my real *uune,
stating that I was a student in the uni
versity who desired to do same tutor
ing, mentioning the branches which I
felt competent to teach, and explain
ing that I was writing her because I
understood that she desired instruction
in one of these subjects.
Two days later the answer came.
She desired a tutor In Garman, she
wrote — In fact, she had just applied for
one at the university; so she would be
glad indeed to talk with me and per
haps arrange to give her the desired
lessons.
CHAPTER. V.
I SEE WITHOUT BEING SEEN.
The following day I ascended the
steps of the Bialnick mansion with a
quivering heart A footman immedi
ately answered ray ring, ushered ma
Into a sumptuously furnished room,
and disappeared with my card.
A few minutes later a side door
opened. Katla! At sight of her I
trembled so that I could hardly keep
my feet Katia! Katsa *t last! The
same Katia. but so grown, so changed.
In* my dreams of her all these years I
had always seen her as a slight girl in
a short frock, with her hair hanging
down her back. Now she stood before
me a young woman. The slight figure
had matured: her gown swept the
fioor; the luxurious hair was coiled at
the back of her head. But her lumi
nous eyes, of no particular color, but
rather a mixture of many colors, w»re
the same, and her soft smile was the
same, for she was smiling at some
thing when she came In, and I could
see she was as graceful, as sweet as
ever.
I steadied myself with my hands up
on the back of a chair, and wondered if
she would recognize me. But I had
changed in the years of our separation
more than she had. She greeted me as
1 an absolute stranger.
"Is this Mr. Russakoff?" she asked In
her low, sweet voice.
I acknowledged my name with a bow.
I could not trust myself to speak- But
I Immediately gained control of mysolf
and we proceeded to* business.
After we had arranged the hours of
instruction, price and books, I re
marked: "I ought to inform you, per
haps, at the outset, that I am a Jew.
Perhaps you have objections to my
race ?"
"Mr. Russakoff. your question sur
prises me," she answered. "Why, my
father is known as a friend of the Jews.
As to myself"— here she laughed softly
and a blush crept down her neck — "my
dearest playmate when I was a little
girl was a Jewish boy."
At this the control I was trying so
hard to maintain almost left me. I
gripped myself and said with a show of
calmness: "I did not know how you
felt; some people are so narrow-minded
and so prejudiced"; and I told her of
my recent experience.
"That is a shame!" she cried lndig-'>
nantly. And then, as if to express her
feeling, she added: "It Is, of course,
natural for me to like tne Jews on ac
count of my early Intimacy."
For a moment I was tempted to dis
close my identity, but I obeyed the ad
vice of prudence to remain unknown.
' I soon left her and repaired imme
diately to my scantily furnished room.
She recalled our early romance as a
mere childish fancy, while with me It
had matured into a deep-rooted affec
tion. I now realized more than ever
how deeply I loved her.
But what a gulf there was now be
tween us! We were no longer boy and
girl, I told myself, with the natural
impulses of childhood. She was now a
charming woman of high social posi
tion, and I— a vagabond, a poor devil
of a Etudent, with nothing to Inspire
or charm her. True, ehe had called ma
brother when I was a mere tramp, a
wandering little gipsy, but that was
many years ago; true, she still remem
bered me, but to her I was only a
pleasant znemeory. That was all I was
to her — a pleasant memory — a bit of
recollection of playful childhood.
This change of thought brought the
Images of her father ana my father to
my mind. I shuddered — the blood of
Judge Bialnlck was flowing in her
veins. The consciousness of my race,
of my faith (little as It was), of the
duty I owed to my innocent father,
stirred my blood and woRe xay calm
nature. I ought to think only of
vengeance. I ought to abandon my
wild plan and see Katla no more!
But when the decision was half made
my heart was torn with anguish and an
irresistible desire to see her— Just to see
her and hear the cadence of her voice
again — that and no more; just to ba
near her asd feel her presence — nothing
further; Just to be her teacher without
ever breathing to her the secret of my
heart— that was all I wished.
CTTAPTERVL
CUPID'S ARROWS.
When I called to give my pupil her
first lesson I found her father present
A shiver passed through ma as ha
grasped my hand. Ha eyed me so In
tently that I thought ha had recognized
me, but his remark that followed con
vinced me that be had net
"It Is rather strange. Mr. Russakoff."
he said, "that there Is a close resem
blance among Intellectual Jews. At
the first glance I thought I had met
you before."
I made an evasive remark, and he
chatted on, asking about my native
town, my parents, my previous studies;
to most of which questions, I am sorry
to record. I gave false replies in order
to avoid suspicion. *
As he sat talking In his big armchair
I watched him furtively. The change
in him was almost startling; his hair
and beard were fast turning white, and
there was a perceptible nervousness in
his movements; even the hue of his
skin had changed. His eyelids drooped
frequently, and there was a certain
"You must not be afraid of me," I
said, thrown into throbbing confusion
by her words. "I am too weak to hurt
anybody."
The night following that afternoon I
lay a long time awake, my mind a prey
to incoherent thoughts and memories.
"How your eyes change from their
steady brown to pitch black" passed
through my mind again and again. I
had never noticed the color of my eyes.
She had. What could it mean? "You
remind me of Israel, the Jewish boy I
told you of." I again recalled hef
words. Evidently the memory of that
boy was still sweet to her, and evident
ly she was interested in me. My heart
almost leaped out of my breast at the
thought
I was near falling asleep from mere
mental exhaustion; my mind was rav
ing already — Just a wink from uncon
sciousness — when in the blank darkness
of my chamber the form of a female
shaped Itself before me. Thick, light
brown hair with a silky gloss, brilliant
ly smiling eyes, an exquisitely shaped
mouth with deep corners, fine arched
eyebrows, a fine bosom— It "remained
but a moment, then gradually faded
away, and in its place the small golden
crucifix which Katia wore suspended
from a fine gold chain around her neck
grew larger and larger until it assumed
the shape and size of a female form. A
minute later the figure of a woman
again appeared, and again it vanished;
and that little golden cross was meta
morphosed Into the form of a person,
and — behold! the features were mine.
Oh, that little golden cross! What
pangs and mortification It added to my
wounded heart! As soon as I would
begin to think of Katia (and when did
I not think of her?) that tiny cross, as
if by magic, would appear before my
fancy, swaying to and fro and growing
larger and larger until It assumed the
size and proportions of a human form
with my own features.
Weeks passed by. The hope that had
sprung ud within me was soon suc
ceeded by doubt by thoughts of my
awn Insignificance. Of course I loved
her madly— loved her es no one else
had ever loved. I thought. But I had
also been In love many times with the
brilliant stars that shone on a serene
frosty night And was I not as far
from my beloved Katia as I was from
the stars? "I, a poor vagabond, a strug
gling student who earned his bread by
glvlnglessons and scribbling lyrics at
a penny a line, a wandering Jew bated
and scorned by all. without a place to
call home— have I the right to love
Katia and drag her down to my level—
her who, besides her social position, is
in every respect superior *to me?" I
would ask myself.
"But have I no right to love her,
"Read it again. Gospodln Russakoff,"
she asked, sighing deeply, when I had
finished the last line. "You speak like
a poet yourself, and how your eyes
change from their steady brown to
pitch black! You remind me of Israel,
the Jewish boy I told you of," she
added, smiling faintly. "I almost fear
you when you read as you have done —
your eyes look so strange when you are
aroused."
While I read, Katia sat with her lus
trous eyes fixed upon me. She did not
once stir. She seemed as much pos
sessed by this magnificent lyric as I
was.
laxity, like that of extreme Indolence,
in his speech and gestures. Every few
minutes he nervously passed his hand
over his eyes, an act which I soon per
ceived had become with him a habit.
I found myself speechless in his pres
ence. I was surprised at myself. I
had always told myself that when
chance brought us together I would de
nounce him and take vengeance; but
now that I was in his presence I felt
no anger— Instead, I pitied him. I
could easily see that he constantly
suffered great pain, that he was a phy
sical wreck; and it was obvious that he
suffered mental agony no less intense
than the physical. For the time, com
passion banished my hatred.
' I continued giving Katia lessons four
times a week without so much as be
traying a sign of my Identity. Occa
sionally we would drift off the lesson
to the discussion of other matters. We
talked of history, of novels, of poetry,
of characters in fiction. I often won
dered where I got the phrases and pic
turesque descriptions which I used in
making my ideas clear to her. I simply
drew inspiration from har to give it
back to her. Sometimes her look would
thrill me; then I would drop my eyes,
and when again I raised them I would
see her cheeks suffused with blushes
and her own eyes burning with intense
emotion. I would wonder if that show
of feeling was induced t>y our talk-ror
was it an indication that she cared for
me? I realized that I was a nobody,
and therefore she could not care for
me; and yet how kindly, how sympa
thetically she treated me— me, a vaga
bond, a son of the hated race, a child of
persecution!
I was playing with fire. I knew It.
and yet I loved to be burned. I' would
feel happy and miserable at the same
time. I would become possessed at
once with Jealousy and hatred of my
self for harboring that Jealousy. I rea
soned that if she now loved me— Ivan
Petrowitch Russakoff— she had forgot
ten Israel Yudelowitch Abramowitch,
and I could not bear the idea that she
did not love my old self.
One afternoon I gave her my inter
pretation of Heine's "Traumbilder, II."
I read with s all the glow and enthus
iasm with which this bard, whose soul
I understood better than that of any
other poet, has always Inspired me. I
forgot my sorrows In feeling his. His
words seemed to me like drops of
honey dripping from a poisoned honey
comb. His heart was poisoned with
the same venom that embittered my
own. I have always imagined when
reading Heine that when he laughed
tears were trickling down his cheeks,
and when he cried a smile of defiance
and irony played around the deep cor
ners of his mouth.
"I'll go," I reiterated, moving about
Impatiently. Many conflicting thoughts
rushed through my brain; it was the
battle between revenge and forgive
ness. "Love your enemies, bless them
that^ curse you, do good to them that
hate you, and pray for them that de
spitefully use you and^ persecute you,"
a weird voice whispered to me, "I'll
go — I'll go," I reiterated nervously, lest
I should change ray mind.
Dolgoff took a bundle from under his
arm, unrolled it and disclosed an ar
tificial beard, a pair of glasses and a
cap with a cockade. he
asked. In an Instant I was entirely
transformed; my daily companions
could not have recognized me. "Re
member, you are Doctor Orshanski, the
famous surgeon. The impersonation is
complete." He examined me studious
ly and added, half to me, half to him
self: "The hat should be drawn a lit
tle lower— that's better."
In another instant the beard and hat
were thrown off and I .beheld Dolgoff.
"Razovski is in the net," he said in
a low, tremblous voice. "As usual, I
escaped," he added with a faint smile.
"'I came to you for help."
I answered nothing. ,
"Not for me: I am safe," he contin
ued. "Razovskl's friend, Judge Bial
nick, is In danger. His house is guard
ed. The police spy him. If he leaves
It lit three-quarters of an hour (which
he will unless he is warned In time) he
will never see his home again."
"I'll go," I said, trembling with agi
tation.'
"Don't say yes before you hear the
nature of your mission," he said smil
ingly. "Blalnick's house Is guarded
three squares around. You will be
stopped half a dozen times within the
Pecherskoi. and unless successful you
will not come back to this cozy nook.
I don't want you to undertake this
task without fully realizing the risk
attached to It"
"I'll go/' I repeated - parrot-like,
shivering with anxiety for Katla.
"I would have gone myself but my
absence from, another place would
ruin a score of faithful members. A
secret meeting, which was discovered
by the police, was to be held to-night.
Every member who will start'for our
meeting-place will never see his home
again. I don't wish to impose upon
you, but If you are fearless enough
you will have a chance to save the life
of a noble man, who is also a champion
of the Jews." : . : s '
I told him that I was an orphan and
that I did not know of my relatives,
nor in fact did I know whether I had
any.
"Search the room," commanded the
chief to his subordinates. Every nook
was ransacked. They even threw my
pillows out of their cases. But noth
ing suspicious was found.
"What are these short lines?" de
manded the chief pointing at a manu
script poem, without It
"It is a poem," I said.
"A what?" . Hi '
"A poem," I repeated.
"Well, you'll have to explain to the
chief of the detective bureau what a
poem is," he replied with a burst of
laughter. And ordering me to appear
before the chief, he and the other offi
cers departed.
The relief I felt at their departure
can be easily imagined. While they
had been /ransacking my room I saw
the prison gates yawning to receive
me. I went to bed, not to sleep, but.
to wonder fearfully what changes the
next few days might bring.
Presently there came a third knock-
Ing at my door— this time so gently
; that I cpuld scarcely hear, it I held
my breath. Everything was still; only
the buzzing of the burning lamp was
heard." I feared to answer the knock,
so I rose on my elbow and stared in
terror in the direction of the -door.
"Israel!" came through the keyhole
In a husky v«lce. '?-*;•
. VWho is it?" I asked.
"Open."
I opened the door, and started back
a step or two. A large, bearded muz
hik, in a sheepskin hat and fur cloak,
girdled by a red belt, stood in the
doorway. Warning me by a gesture to
keep silent, he bolted the door behind
him.
I explained to him.
"Do you have any relations in St
Petersburg by the name of Russa
koff?"
a palpitating heart (though I knew the
knock was too gentle for the police)
and turned the kne-b. A short, stocky
man wearing glasses stood before m<s.
He was Mr/ Levinski, a gifted journal
ist with whom I had become ac
quainted through Ephrarm.
Mr. Levinski entered, pale and shiv
ering. "No time to stop." he % whlspered
hurriedly. "I have just come to warn
you. Razovski has been arrested. Ex
amine . your, books— quick. The police
are ransacking the whole city. Eight
Jewish students* have been . arrested.
Good night." And he dosed the d^oor
behind him." '-P^iPk
1 bolted the door and examined every
scrap of paper I had in my trunk. I
burned all the letters I had ever re
ceived from Razovski and some manu
scripts that might be. construed In a
manner to throw suspicion upon me.
I thought I had nothing to be afraii
of, and a little later I tested the lock of
my door and crept into bed. I had
scarcely settled myself for sleep when
three blows against the door made the
walls of the house shake.
"In the name of the law, open!"
thundered a voice.
I leaped out of bed and unlocked the
door. Four officers entered. ,
"Is your name Ivan Petrowltch Rus
sakoff?" demanded the leader.
I said that was my name.
"Do you know a student by the nama
of Razovskl?" I was asked abruptly.
"Yes."
"Did you have any communication
with him?"
I said that we had exchanged some
friendly letters.
"When did you first get acquainted
with" him?"
In one of our talks I casually touched
the history of the Jews in Spain, the
pages of which are aflame with fire
and blood. I must have talked with no
little fervor and enthusiasm, for I no
ticed tears sparkling in tne eyes of my
pupil. I asked whether I had' hurt her
feelings. She only smiled in response,
but a minute later she said in her
sweet, sympathetic voice: "It must
have hurt you to speak of it, Mr. Rus
sakoff. How your eyes changed!"
After that lesson I went home like a
somnambulist. I recall a collision with
something or somebody, and that some
body muttered: "It is really a shame to
have drunkards stagger through the
streets." Next I remember my head
met with something as bulky and as
hard as mine, and the owner of it
grumbled, "Bolshay durak (big fool)!"
and then I remember, as through a
mist, myself seated on the old sofa in
my room, my head between my hands,
looking fixedly upon the Head of a nail
in my caroetless floor. I cannot tell,
how long I studied that object before a
Jolly laugh, which sounded queer In my
ears," interrupted my reflection, and a
hand shook me by the shoulder rather
violently.
I looked up and recognized Ephralm
Razovskl.'
"You - must have a nightmare,"
laughed Razovskl again, slapping me
on the shoulder. "I rapped on your
door more than etiquette permits, but
you we're evidently so absorbed In your
dreams that you did not hear me at all.
So I ventured to open the door myself,
•for I saw the key sticking on the in
side. Wake up, comrade! You must
not dream in your fur coat." Again he
laughed a hearty, sonorous peal.
"You are perhaps dreaming of writ
ing for the Morning Star an article
against assimilation, you Orientalist,
you Ghetto mystic," he continued,
having received no answer from me.
"You always come out with your bosh
about the glorious Jewish past, their
wonderful history and their philosophic
monotheism, and so forth, and so on.
Can't we look Into the face of truth
and realize that the world is waiting
for us to assimilate if we just say the
word? Wake up, you dreamer!" And
he slapped me on the shoulder again.
"There must be .something wrong
with you," Razovskl continued, shak
ing me by my lonp.-hair. 1 "Wake up,
Israel Che always called me by my
Jewish name). If it Is love, a night's
rest and sound sleep will readily cure
you of It I fell in love at least a score
of times, and every time I thought I
would not be able to survive It, and in
spite of that I lived long enough to fall
in love with spme other 'best girl in the
world.'." '
He shook my head in both his
hands and examined my face playfully.
"I surmised correctly," he laughed.
"Your absent-mindedness and these
blue rings betray you. Indeed, you are
more sensitive than I thought; this Is
only a momentary sickness. Once I be
lieved that a person could love one girl
only, and If that one rejected him he
should seize the first knife he could get
and send his soul to the Detter world.
My 'twenty-six years or experience,
however, have taught me differently.
If you are in love with a girl and she
Is indifferent to you, seize the first op
portunity and fall In love with another.
This is the best cure I can recommend
as a layman. Ha!ha! ha! Isn't that a
good prescription for a lawyer?"
"Well, good night, comrade," he said
after a few moments of silence. "I Just
dropped in to see you. It is getting daik
and I have yet a lot of work to do.
Well, good night I will let you dream
of your best girl," and he slammed the
door after him.
though she Is so much above me?" I
jvvould demand in behalf of my passion.
"Must the poor's right to love be re
stricted, Just as are all his other priv
ileges, and confined within a narrow
compass?" And anger would swell my
breast against all the rich people of the
world, as if they had taken sides
against me. "She may not reciprocate
my love— that Is as she will. I only
Justify my right to love her."
But if she was to learn that I loved
her, I told myself, she would discharge
me immediately. Dismissal I could not
stand. I would rather a thousand
times over suffer the pangs of an un
told love than be sent awny from her.
Her servant— her slave— I cared not
what my position was so : long as I
could continue to see. her. -
"Now go." he said. ¦ "You will find
a droshky on the corner. Get in with
out saying a word \o the driver. Ask
no questions on the way. If you are
stopped, answer ' 'Doctor Orshanski.'
If you are asked where you are bound
for, say, 'Miss Bialnlck 'sprained her
ankle." The coachman will put you off
at the right place. Ring the bell and
ask to see the Judge personally. If
you are refused, say 'Pax.' When you
meet him don't introduce yourself, but
simply tell him to stay at home three
days on pretense of sickness. When
that Is said, don't add another word,
but depart at> once. Now go quick;
don't lose a moment's time."
The droshky sped lixe lightning for
fully twenty minutes. The \ driver
avoided principal streets. I was only
stopped once, and before I had time to
give my name the officer said, "Pass
on, Dr. Orshanski," without any inter
rogations. Other particulars of the ride
I do not remember. All the way my
brain was so feverish that I was like
one stunned. , When I was just In the
act of, ringing the bell the door opened
and the Judge appeared before me.
robed in a heavy fur clcak. ,1 deliv
ered my message and for fear, of being
recognized by him I turned quickly and
sped home.
Again there was silence. I quivered
with delight at the introduction of my
old self. "What became of this early
friend?" I asked at length.
She flushed slightly and twirled the
chain of her crucifix.
"He ran away. He was too sensitive.
In that respect he was also- like you."
"I suppose he felt guilty of some
wrong. Sensitive people cannot bear
their ov.n wrongs, though they can
tolerate the same wrongs in others,"
I rejoined.
"No. It was I who was to blame for
it all." She flushed again. "I commit
ted the wrong and he was punished.
My father wars a little too harsh on
him."
Then she added: "I am Inclined to
believe' that my father was also very
fond of that boy, for he talked of him
quite often, and of his purpose to edu
cate him and make a great man of hinv
He was exceptionally bright."
"And yet you drove him out of yoor
house and forced him to become a
vagrant, as he undoubtedly has be
come." I said, forgetting for the mo>
ment that I was supposed tor know
nothing of this incident
She glanced at me in bewilderment
at these words. "You are quite mis
taken,' Mr. Russakoff," she rejoined
somewhat confusedly. "He ran away
voluntarily."
I perceived that she was not awara
that I had been asked to leave, and I
saw no reason for enlightening her.
After an awkward pause ~ I said Jeal
ously: "It* is unfortunate for two
young people -of different stations In
life to fall in love. It is better that
they should be separated. Think of
that Jewish boy" — I was smiling and
yet trembling — "now grown to man
hood and come to claim you."
"It would all depend," she replied,
looking down and fingering her cruci
fix.
"Yes, it would all depend on his be
ing rich and famous and handsome,"
J said bitterly.
"Oh, no. It would all depend on his
being the same as he had been." she
said very softly, her face warm with
blushes. "There is nothing specific we
love; we love something indefinable,
and we can only love as long as that
indefinable attraction exists."
"But suppose," I continued eagerly,
my eyes fixed intently upon her, "your
early lover should come as a poor
student, nameless, without a fortune,
and yet possessed of that indefinable
something?"
She quivered perceptibly and turned
her eyes away from me, her breath
coming fast and short.
All my feelings of unworthlness, all
my vows of silence went to the winds.
I . leaned forward, on "fire with love,
and caught her hand. "Katla !" I
whispered.
"Katla!" I Implored. "Don't yoo
know me?"
She trembled, "and her head sank
forward so that I coulet not see her
face.
"Katia— Katla, I have lived for
years with one thought, one desire,
one hope — to find you. And at last I
have found you — Katia!"
¦ Her breast rose and fell violently,
but she did not speak.
"I am the same Israel— the Israel
who used to play with you — who used
to love you." I pressed her hand more
closely. "Don't you remember— don't
you remember that afternoon when we
Bat together? Don't you remember
your promise? Aren't you the same
Katla who once loved me a little — a lit
tle bit. at least?**
A hot tear splashed upon my wrist.
"Katla!" I cried, all my soul in that
.one word.
I dropped to the floor beside her and
dared to touch her chin, with the inten
tion of raising her head. But It came
slowly up of its own accord. She
turned' her glorious eyes, brimming
with tears, full upon me, and her face
threw open heaven to me.
"You — you! Oh, Israel!" she whis
pered.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
5lad that -you can tie to your bench
stool here, lock your door and expect
to find him when you come back?
When is your next meeting and
where?"
"The meetings are held in this room,
and the next will be on Wednesday
night at 11 o'cUJck." _ ,
"Bless my soul!" cried. Ballengeich.
"Would nothing content you' but to
drink the whole bucketful?: The "ren
dezvous In your shop! Then whoever
escapes, your head's on a pike." .
"Aye," murmured the shoemaker, dis
mally.
;-,"It Isn't taking very many of you to
overturn the iiouso- of • Stuart," said
the laird, looking about the room,
which was small. .
/'There's just one less than a dozen,"
replied the cobbler. *
"Then- we'll inaks up the number to
the even twelve. I will meet you here
on "Wednesday night at this time, and
learn whether or no they agree to have
niH as one «?f "their number. If. they
refuse, there's no harm done; I shall
say nothing. 1 and "the King will know
no more about the matter than he does
now.":.-'
¦ "I could not ask you better assurance
than that," -said the host' cordially, as
hl« guest rose.
They shook hands, and the guidman
\
section is Just, for locking him by some
where until he listens to wisdom."
"And It is In your mind that my
house should become a prison for the
King?" -,.....
"It seems tome worth considering."
".There seems to me very little worth
considering in the matter. It is a
mad scheme. Supposing .the King
promised under compulsion, what
would be his first action the moment
he returned to Stirling Castle? He
would scour the country- for you,, and
your heads would come off one by one
like buttons from an old coat." /
' "That's what I said, 'Trust the word
of a Stuart,* says* I, 'It's pure non
sense.' " . __._ •"
"Oh. I'm not sure but .the word of a
Stuart is as good as the word of any
other man," replied Ballengeich. with
a rlngof anger in his voice, at which
the cobbler, looked up surprised. ¦>
; "You're not such an ' enemy of the
King as you let on at first." commented
the mender of shoes. "I t "doubt If- I
should have told you all this."
"Haveno fear.', I can pledge you that
my word Is as good as a Stuart's at
least." >;_
,"I;hope:it's a good deal better."
, "Your plan; is not/'only useless, but
dangerous,"* my. friend.-. I told "you I
would give you '. my advice, and now
you have" It Do you think James Is a
. cobbler dryly, "when you came plump
on my shoulders."-, -",-.'
. . "By the way, did you ever hear any
more of the thief, you were after?"
"That's just the point I am coming
to. The man. we were after was 'his
youthful Majesty James V of Scot
land."
"What. ¦ the King!" . exclaimed the
amazed laird;:;; "I
"Just him and no other," replied the
cobbler, "and very glad I am that the
plot miscarried, although I fear it's to
come on again." ""'.
"I never heard the like of this""
¦ "You may well say that ; <You see. It
is known 'that. the King in disguise
visits a certain house, for ¦• what -pur
pose his Majesty - will .be 'able to; tell
you better than I. He goes unattended
and secretly and this gives us our
chance." .^ '
"But what in. the name of the 'god of
fools, whoever he happens to be. would
you do with Jamie once you got: him?"
" 'Deed, there's many, things" that
might be mended, in this 'country.- as
you very well know, and the King can
mend them, if he likes, with . a . word.
Now,; rather tha^ have his* throat cut,
our. leader thinks he will agree to rea
sonable reform." \ '-
, "And supposing be 'doesn't agree, are
you going to cut his throat?!*' ;
"I don't know what would happen if
he proved stubborn. The moderate
is as good as his bond, arid the
strongest oath ever sworn never yet
kept a rascal from divulging a secret
intrueted to him." \
"You're right in that;. you're right
i!i that," the cobbler hastened to add;
"but this involves others as well as
myself and all are bound to each
other by oaths."
"Then I venture to say you are en
gaged- in some • nefarious ¦ business.
What is it? I'll tell nobody, and
mayhap, young as I am, - 1, can give
you some plain, useful advice from
the creeri fields."
"Well. I'm not at all sure that we
don't need it. for to tell the truth I
have met with a /wild set. of lads and
I find myself wondering. how long my
head will be. in partnership with my
body."*
*'Is the case as serious as that?"
"Aye, it Us." _
"Then why not withdraw?"
"Ah, that's easier said than done.
When, you once shut a spring door
on yourself it isn't by saying *I. will*
that you get out. You'll not have for
gotten the first night we . met, when
you jumped down on my back from
the wall of the Gray Friars* church?"
• "I remember It very distinctly,, but
which was the more surprised, you or
I, I have never yet been able to
settle."
"Not so much as I," interrupted the
of Ballengetcn. after peering out into
the darkness to see that the way was
clear, took his leave.
The laird was prompt in keeping his
appointment on the following Wednes
day, and learned that the conspirators
were glad of his assistance. The cob
bler's tool box had been pushed out of
the way, and a table, com
posed of three boards and two trestles,
occupied the center of the room.
"We have been told," began the
leader, who filled the chair at the
head of the tab'.e, where he had ad
ministered the oath with much solem
nity to their new member, "we have
been told that you own a house, which
you will place at our disposal should
the purpose for which we are gathered
here together succeed."
"I have such a house," said the laird,
"and it is, of course, placed freely at
your service. But the plan you pro
pose is so full of i danger that I wond
ered If you have given the project the
deep consideration It deserves. It will
be a hazardous undertaking to get the
King safely into my house, but let us
suppose that done. How are you go-
ing to keep him there?"
"We will set a guard over him."
"Very good. Which of you are to be
the guardsmen, and how many?"
The conspirators looked at one an
other, but none replied. At last the
leader said:
"It will be time to settle that when
we have, him safely under bolt."
"Pardon me. not so. The time to ar
range all things Is now. Everything
must be cut and dried, or failure Is
certain. The moment the King Is
missed the country will be scoured for
him. 'There will be no possible place
'of refuge for miles round that will not
be searched for the missing monarch."
"The King is but a boy. and when he
sees death or compliance before him
he will accede to our demands."
"Suppcse, then, he gives consent to
all you place before him? Do you
think he will keep his word?"
"I doubt it," said the cobbler, speak
ing lor the first time. "The word of a
Stuart Is not worth the snap of my
finger."
"On the other hand. If he does not
accede." continued Bellengelch, "what
are we to do- with him?"
"Cut his throat," replied the leader
decisively.
"No. no," crlpd several others, and
for a moment there was a clamor of
discussion, all speaking at once, while
the laird stood silently regarding the
vociferous disputants. Finally their
leader said:
"What better plan have you to pro
pose ?**,• ' i
"The King is a boy," spoke up Ballen
geich, "as you have said." At the sound
of his voice instant silence reigned.
"But he Is a boy, as I have told you,
extremely difficult to handle with vio
lence. I propose then that a deputation
walt'upon his Majesty and place before
him the evils that require remedying,
being prepared to answer any question
he may ask regarding the method of
their amendment. If peaceable means
fall, "then try violence, say I: but it Is
hardly fair to the young man to ap
proach him at the beginning of his
reign with a dirk In the hand. I have
some friends about the castle." con
tinued the laird. "I supply them with
various necessaries from the farm: and,
if T do say It myself, I am well thought
of by some in authority. I can guar
antee you. I am sure, a safe conduct
for your mission."
"Will you Lead the delegation and be
Its spokesman?'*
"No. My power to serve you lies in
the fact that I am well thought of in
the palace. This power would be In
stantly destroyed were I known as dis
affected. I would put It on this basis:
My friend Flemmlng is the spokesman
of ten others who have grievances to
place before his Majesty.- Therefore. 1 as
a matter of friendship between Flem
mlng and. myself, I ask' safe conduct
for the eleven."
"Indeed." cried the cobbler, "I wish
you would "leave my name out of the
affair, since no one else seems eager to
put his own : forward."
"I .put mine fqrward In making the
request," said Ballengeich.
"There Is wisdom In what the laird
says," cried one of the more moderate
•CoryriKht. 1T"4.>
Y ATK evening had fallen on the
I m gray walls of Stiriing Castle, and
I I dark night' on the town itself.
With ( sume suggestion of stealth
In his movements, a young man picked
his u-ar through the thickening gloom
ut the streets. There was still light
cnouph to show that, judging by his
ccstume. he was of the well-to-do
tanner dats. T1»«? youth descended and
descended until he came to the lower
j&rt of the town, where, turning aside
up a narrow lane, he knocked at the
door of a closed and shuttered build
ing, evidently an abiding :>!ace of the
lN»orer inhabitants of Stirling. With
s«;me decree of caution the door was
slightly opened; but v.'hen the occupant
tiaw l,y the flash of light that came
from ivlthin who his visitor was, he
threw the ;.<>rtal wide and narmly wel
coiiK-d the newcomer. . • ,->¦
"Key. guidman!'.' he cried, "ye're late
the night in Stirling."
"Yes," said the young man/stepping
inside, "tfut the furm wiil set; nothing
of ne till the morning. I've a friend in
town who gives me a bed for "myself
and a stall for my horse, and gets the
tame in return when lie pays a visit to
the country.*"
'"A fair exchange." replied the host,
as he closed and barred the door.
The lov'room in which the stranger
found himself was palpably a* cobbler's
"Well." said the shoemaker, with a
laugh, "what's wring with you?"' •'"..
"Wrong with me? Nothing. Why
do you thiiiknlun- Is* anything amiss?"
"You are flushed in the face; your
breath comes quick, as if you had been
running, and there's a set about your
lips that s;te;is anger."* "
"You are a very observing man,
Tic mining." replied he of the plaid. "I
had a fight up the street. One of those
young court s:>rig.s riding to the castle
tried to trample me under the feet of
his horse and struck at me with his
whip for getting into his road, so I had
just to plaster my back against some
body's front door and keep out of the
vay."
"'It's easv to see that you live in the
country, Ballengeich," replied the cob
bler, "or you would never get red in
the face over a little thing like that."
"1 had some thought of pulling him
off his horse, nevertheless," said the
L*lrd of Ballengeich, whose brow
wrinkled into a frown at the thought
of the indignity he had suffered.
"It was just as well you left him
filonc," commented the cobbler, "for an
unarmed man must take ' whatever
those court gallants think fit to offer,
and, if wise, he keeps the gap In his
face shut, for fear he gets a bigger
gap opened in his head. Still, I am
speaking rather freely, and doubtless
you are a firm friend of the now
King?" ard the shoemakcV cast a
cautious eie>long glance at his visitor.
"A friend of the King? I wonder to
hear you! I doubt If he has a greater
enemy than myself in all Scotland."
"Do you mean that. Ba-llengelch?"
inquired the shoemaker, with more in
terest than the subject appeared to
demand, laying down his hammer as he
spoke, and looking Intently at his
guest.
"I'd never say It if it wasn't true"
replied the laird.
4** You are n °t a married man, I think
you told me?"
"No. I am not. There's time enough
for that yet." returned the other with
a smile. "You see. I am new to my'
situation of responsibility, and it's as
well not to take in the wife till you
are sure vou can support her.**
"What like a house have you got,
and how far Is it from Stirling?"
'The house is well enough in its
way; there's more room in it than. I
care to occupy. It's strongly built of
.stone, and could stand a siege if neces
sary, as very likely it had done in
days long past, for It's a stout old
mansion. It's near enough to Stirling
for me to come in and see my friend
the cubblcr In the evening, and sleep
in my own bed that night, if I care to
do so."
"Is it in a lonely place?"
"I can hardly say that It is at the
top of a bit hill, yet there's room
enough to si\-e you rest and retire
ment from the busy world of the
town. What's n you mind, Flem
mlng? Are you swithering whether
you'll turn farmer.or no? Let me In
form you that It's a poor occupation."
"I'll tell you what's on my mind,
BaJlengelch, if you'll swear .piously
to keejj it a secret."
"Indeed, I'll do nothing of the
eort." replied the young man de
cisively. "An honest man's bare word
party.""' "I never liked the kidnaping
idea."
"Nor I," said the cobbler. "It was
but a. wild Hlelan*. notion." .
"My project has this advantage,"
continued Uallengeich with nonchalant
impartiality, "that 1* It does not suc
ceed you can then fall back upon ab
duction. Nothing in this proposal in- ¦
, terferts with the ultimate carrying out
of your first plan."
At last It was decided that all should
go. if Ball^ngelch couid procure a writ
ten safe-conduct signed by the Kins.
which would Include eleven persons.
Within three da;'s this document was
placed in the hards of the cobbler by
Ballengelch. who to!d him that it haU
been sisned that morning. And We
added that the King had expressed
himself as wtH'.jdeased to receive a
deputation of his loyal subjects.
The cobbler handled the passport
gingerly as if he were not altogether
assured of its potency to protect him.
"The conference is for Wednesday at
midnight," said Ballengeich. "Assem
ble some minutes before that hour In
the courtyard of the castle, and you
will be conducted to the presence."
"Wednesday:" echoed the j cobbler,
his face turning pale. "Why, Wednes
day, the day of <>ur weekly meetings?
Did you suggest it?"
"It was thei King's suggestion, of
course," replied Ballengeich. "It is
merely a coincidence, and Is. I think, a
good omen."
"I wish I were sure of it," moaned
the cobbler.
Before the bell rang twelve the con
spirators were gathered together in the
courtyard of Castle Stirling— huddled
would perhaps be the more accurate
word, for they were eleven very fright
ened Men.
As the bell slowly tolled twelve an of
ficial camp from the nalace into the
courtyard, searched the delegation for
concealed weapons and curtly com
manded them to follow him. Climbing
the stone stairway they were ushered
into a lar^e room containing a. long
oaken table with five chairs on one side
and six on the other. At the head of
the table was a high-backed «eat re
sembling a throne. The official lefn
them standing there alone, and after he
nad closed the. door they heard the
ominous sound of bolts being thrust
Into their places. The silence which
followed seemed oppressive, almost suf
focating. At -last the tension was
broken, but it would scarcely be con-eci
to" say that it was relieved. The heavy
curtains parted and the King entered
the room, clad in the imposing robes of
his high state. A frown was on his
brow and he advanced straight from
the doorway to the throne at the head
of the table without sneaking or cast
ing a glance at any one of the eleven.
When he had seated himself he said
gruffly: v » ¦'; L> V
"There is a chair for each of you, sit
down."
It is doubtful if any of the company
except the cobbler at first recognized
their ruler as the alleged Laird of Bal
lengeich: but at the sound of the mon
arch's voice several started and looked
anxiously one at another. Again the
Kins addressed them:
"A week ago to-night I met you in
Flemming's room. I appointed this day
for the conference that the routine of
your meetings might not be disturbed.
as I thought it well that the last of
your religious gatherings should be
held in the Castle of Stirling, for I
nm resolved th:it this conclave shall
be your final effort in treason. One of
your number has stated that the word
of a Stuart is not to be trusted. This
refutation "appears to have descended
to me, and. it Is a P^>' 1 should not
take advantage of it."
When the King ceased speaking he
lifted a small mallet and smote a re
sounding bell which was on the table
before him. A curtain parted and two
men entered bearing between them a.
block covered with bluck cloth; this
they placed silently in the center of
the floor and withdrew. Again the
King smote the bell and there entered
a masked executioner with ¦ gleaming
ax over h!s shoulder. He took his
place beside the block, resting the
head of .his ax on the tloor.
"This." said the 1 King, "is the en
tertainment I "have provided for you.
Each of you shall taste of that." and
he pointed to the heading block.
The cobbler rose unsteadily to his
feet, drawing from his bosom with
trembling fingers the parchment bear
ing the Kings signature. He moisten
ed his dry lips with his tongue, then
spoke in a low voice:
"Sir," he said, "we are* here under
safe conduct from the King."
"Sate conduct to where?" cried
• James angrily; "that is the point. I
stand by the document. Read it—
read it!" , - V ¦
"Sir, It says safe conduct for eleven
men here present, under protection of
your royal word."
'• "You do fNt keep to the point, cob-
Mer," shouted the King, bringing his
first down on the table- "Safe con
duct to where, I asked. The parch
ment does not^say safe conduct back
Into Stirling again. Safe conduct to
heaven or elsewhere was what I guar
anteed."
"That is but an advocate's quibble,
your Majesty. Safe conduct is. a.
phase well understood by high and
low alike. Nevertheless, I would re
spectfully submit to your Majesty that
I alone of those present doubted a
Stuart's word and am like to have my
doubts practically confirmed. I would
also point to your Majesty that my
comrades would not have been here
had I not trusted the Master of Bajlen
geich. and through him the King;
therefore I ask you to let me alone
pay the penalty of my error and al
low my friends to go scathless from
the grim walls of Stirling."
"There is reason in what you say,'
replied the King. "Are you all agreed
to that?" he asked of the others.
"No. by" God!" cried the leader,
springing to his feet as lustily as the
King had done. "We stand together
or fall together. The mistake was
ours as much as his and we entered
these gates with our eyes open."
"Headsman," said the King, "do
your duty." .
The headsman whipped off the black
cloth and displayed underneath it a box
containing a large jug surrounded by
eleven drinking horns. Those present,
all now on their feet, glanced with
amazement from the masked man to
the King. The sternness had vanished
from his Majesty's face, as if a dark
cloud had passed from the sun and al
lowed it to shine again. There spark
led in the King's eye all the Jubilant
mischief of the Incorrigible boy and his
laughter rang to the celling. Some
what recovering his gravity, he
stretched out his hand and pointed a.
finger at the cobbler.
"I frightened you. Flemmins!" he
cried. "I frightened you; don't deny it.
I'll wager you my gold crown against
a weaver's woolen' bonnet I frightened
the whole eleven of you."
"Indeed." said the cobbler with an
uneasy laugh, "I shall be the first to
admit 1L"
"Your face was as white as a harvest
moon In mid-day, aiicl I heard some
body's teeth chatter. Now. the drink
we have had at our meetings hereto
fore was vile, and no more fitted for h
Christian throat than Is the headsman'"
ax; but. If you ever tasted anything
bettor than this, tell me where to set a
hoeshead of It."
The headsman having filled their
horns, the lei»drr raised the tlason
above his head art! Paul:
' "I give the toast of the Kins!"
"No. no." proclairnfd the boyish mon
arch. "I. want to drink this mvself.
I'll give you a toast. May th*re npver
come a time when a Scotchman I*
afraid to ri«k his head for what hv
thinks is risht."
And this toast they drank together.
THE '-SAN - FRANCISCO I SUNDAY .CALL'.
THE KING INTERVENES
6The old fireman made a painful ef
fort to sit up, to speak. >ut he choked.
Trembling like a leaf. Dad raised up
on his elbow. "What's your mother's
name, son? What's your name?", - ¦
'¦ Georgrie looked confused- ''111 .tell
you, -Dad; there's nothing - J to be
ashamed of. I was foolish enough. I
told you" once, to go out" <m - a* strike
with the engineers down there. I was
only a kid, and we were all black
listed. So I used my mlddfa name.
McNeal; my full name is George Mc-
Neal Sinclair."
and the fireman both. Hard lines: but
I'd rather have it that way, I guess, if
I was wrong. Eh. Dad?" „'..;
Even after Georgie went to work
Dad lay In the hospital. We knew he
would i never shovel coal again. It
cost him his good back to lift Georgie
loose, so that surgeon told us, and I
believe it, for when they got- the jacks
under the cab next morning, and
Neighbor told the wrecking gang that
Hamilton alone had lifted it six inches
the night before, on his back, the
wrecking boss fairly snorted at the
statement; but Hamilton did, just the
same. ,1
"Son." muttered i Dad one night to
Georgie, sitting with him. "I want
you to write a letter for me."
."Sure.", "" ' > ._ : •
"I've been sending money to my boy
back East," explained Dad, feebly. "I
told you he's in school." :
"I know. Dad."
"I haven't been able to send any
since I've been by, but I'm going to
send some when I get my relief. Not
so much as I used to send. I want
you to kind of explain why."
"What's his first name. Dad, and
where does he live?"
"It's a* lawyer that looks after him
— a man that 'tends to my business
back there." *
"Well, what's his name?"
"Scaylor 1 — Ephraim Scaylor."
"Scaylor?" echoed Georsie, in amaze
ment.
"Yes. Why, do you know him?"
"Why, that's the man mother and I
had so much trouble with. X wouldn't
write to that man. He's a rascal. Dad."
"What did he ever do to you and your
mother?:*
"I'll tell you. Dad; though it's a mat
ter I don't talk about much. My father
had trouble back there fifteen or six
teen years ago. _ He was running an
engine, and had a wreck; there were
some passengers killed. The dispatcher
managed to throw the blame on father,
and. they indicted him for manslaugh
ter. He pretty near went crazy, and all
of a sudden he disappeared, and we
never, heard of . him from that day to
this. But this man- Scaylor. mother
stuck to it. knew something about
where father was; only be always de
nied It."
Less than a week afterward a gsntla
little old woman stepped off the flyer
at Zanesville and Into the arms of
Georgie Sinclair. A smart rig was la
waiting, to which her son hurried her
and they were driven rapidly to th«
hospital. When, they entered the old
fireman's room together the nurse
softly closed the door behind them.
But when they sent for Neighbor
and me. I suppose we were the two
biggest fools in the hospital, trying to
look unconscious of all we saw in the
faces of the group at Dad'a bed.
He never got his old strength back,
yet Neighbor fixed him out, for all
that. The skyscraper, once our pride.
was so badly stove that we gave up
hope of restoring her for a passenger
run. So Neighbor built her over into
a- sort of dub engine for short runs.
stubs and so on. and though Dad had
vowed Ions ago, -when unjustly con
demned, that he would never touch
a throttle, we got him to take the sky
scraper and the Acton run.
And when Georgie, who takes the
flyer every other day. is off dutyMxe
climbs lnlo Dad's cab. shoves the old
gentleman aside and shoots around the
yard in the rejuvenated skyscraper
at a hair-raising rate of speed.
After awhile the old engine got so
full of alkali that George gave her
a new name — Soda- Water Sal — and It
hangs to her yet. We thought the
best of her had gone in the Harvard
wreck, but there came a time when
Dad and Soda- Water Sal showed us
we were very much mistaken.
"And that indictment was wiped out
long ago against father." said Georgia
to me, "but that rascal Scaylor kept
writing him for money to fight it witb>
and to pay my schooling — and this
was the kind of schooling I was yet
ting all the time. Wouldn't that kill
you ?"
I couldn't sleep till I had hunted up
Neighbor and told him about It and
next morning he wired back transpor
tation for Mrs. Sinclair to come ont
on.
His face contracted and Georgrie rose,
frightened. With a herculean effort tha
old man raised himself up and grasped
Georgie's hands.
"Son." he gasped to the astonished
boy, "don't you know me?"
"Of course I know you. Dad. What* s
the matter with you? Lie down."
"Boy, I'm your own father. My
name is David Hamilton Sinclair. I
had the trouble — <Jeorgie." He chok
ed up like a child and Georgie Mc-
Neal went white and scared; then hs
grasped the gray-haired man In bis
arms. ' .
When I dropped in an hour later
they were talking hysterically. Dad
T7as explaining how he had been send
ing money to Scaylor every month,
and Georgie was contending that
neither he nor his mother had ever
seen a cent of it. But one great fact
overshadowed ail the villainy that
night; father and son were united and
happy and a message had already
gone back to the old home from Geor
gie to his mother, telling her the good
news.
I've been on the relief, so ; I'm -/trying
to make up a little now for my old
mammie." , ,
"Where does yours so. Dad?" I asked.
"Me?" answered* the old man, eva
sively. "I've got a boy back East;'get
ting to be a big one," too. He's in
school. When are you going to- give us
a passenger run with the skyscraper.
Neighbor?" asked Hamilton, turning to
the master mechanic.
"Soon as we get this wheat up on the
high line out of the way,'' replied
Neighbor. "We haven't half engines,
enough, to move it, and I 'get a wire
about every six hours to move it faster.
Every siding's blocked, clear to Bel
grade. How many of those sixty-thou
sand-pound cars can you take over
Beverly • Hill with your skyscraper?"
He was asking both men. The en
gineer looked at his chum.
"I reckon maybe thirty-five or forty,"
said MeNeal. "Eh. Dad?" .,. •
"Maybe, son," growled " Hamilton;
"and break my back doing it?" :
"I gave you a helper once and you
kicked him off . the tender.", retorted
Neighbor.
"Don't tv ant anybody raking ashes
for me — not while I'm drawing full
time." Dad frowned.
But the "upshot of it was that we put
the skyscraper at -hauling wheat, and
within a week she was doing the work
of a double-header. ."
It was May, and a thousand miles
east of us. In Chicago, there was
trouble in the wheat-pit on the Board :
of Trade. You would hardly suspect
what queer things that wheat scramble
gave rise to, affecting Gecrgie McNeal
and o!d man Hamilton and •> .lot "f
other fellows away on the railroad di
vision of the Western plains; but this
was the way of it:
•A man sitting in a little office on
La Salle street wrote a few words on
a very ordinary looking sheet of paper
and touched a button. That brought
a colored boy and he took the paper
oat to a young man who sat at the
eastern end of a private wire.
The next thing we knew orders be
gan to come in hot from the presi
dent's office — the president of the
road, if you please — to get that wheat
on the high line into Chicago, and to
get it there quickly.
Trainmen, elevator men. superin
tendents of motive power were spur
red with special orders and special
bulletins. Farmers, startled by the
great price offering, hauled night and
day. Every old tub we had in the
shops and on the scrap was over
hauled and hustled into the service.
The division danced with excitement.
Every bushel of wheat on it must be
in Chicago by the morning of Mav 31.
For two weeks we worked every
thing to the limit; the skyscraper led
any two engines on the line. Even
Dad Hamilton was glad to cry enough
and Uike a helper. We doubled them
every day and the way the wheat flew
over the line toward the lower end
of Lake Michigan was appalling to
speculators. It was a battle between
two commercial giants, and a battle
to the death. It shook not alone the
country, it shook the world; but that
was nothing to us; our orders were
simply to move the whfeat. And the
wheat moved.
The last week found us pretty well
cleaned up, but the high price brought
grain out of cellars and wells, the
buyers said — ct least, it brought all
the hoarded wheat and much of the
seed wheat, and the 2Sth day of the
month found fifty cars of wheat still
in the Zanesville yards. I was at Har
vard working on a time card when the
word came, and behind it a special
from the general manager, stating
there was a thousand dollars premium
in it for the company, besides tariff.
if we got that wheat into Chicago by
Saturday morning.
The train end of it didn't bother me
any; It was the motive power that
kept us studying. However, we fig
ured that by running McNeal with the
skyscraper back v.ild we could pull
all the wheat behind her In one train.
As it happened Neighbor was at Har
vard, too.
"Can they ever get over Beverly
with fifty. Neighbor?" I asked doubt
fully.
"We'll never know till they try It,"
growled Neighbor. "There's a thou
sand for the company if they do, that's
all. How'H you run them? Give them
plenty of searoom; they'll have to
gallop to make it."
Cool and reckless planning, taking
the daring cha'nees, straining the flesh
and blood, driving the steel loaded to
the snapping point, thaj; was what It
.meant. But the company wanted re
sults; wanted the prestige and the
premium, too. To gain them we were
expected to stretch our little resources
to the uttermost.
I studied a minute, then turned to
the dispatcher.
"Tell Norman to send.them out as
second 4; that gives the right of way
over every wheel against them. If
they can't make it on that kind of
schedule it isn't in the track."
It was extraordinary . business,
rather, sending a train" ' of. wheat
through on a passenger schedule,
practically, as the second section of
our eastbound flyer; but we took halr-
Hf ting chances on the plains.
It was noon when the. orders were
flashed. At 3 o'clock No. 4 was due
to leave Zanesville. For three, hours
I kept the wires busy warning - all
operators and trainmen, even -switch
engines and yard masters, of the wheat
special second 4.
The flyer, the first section and reg
ular passensrer train, .was checked out
of Zanesville on time. • Second - 4,
¦which meant Georgie McNeal, - Dad,
the skyscraper S and j fifty loads of
men waiting next behind. .Then Neigh
bor pulled Dad .back, blind now and
senseless. When they got the old fire
man out he made a pitiful struggle to
pull himself together. He tried to stand
up, but .the sweat broke over him and
he sank in a heap at Neighbor's feet.
That was the saving of George Mc-
Neal and. out there they will still tell
you about that lift of Dad Hamil
ton's. '
We nut him on the cot at the hos
pital next to his engineer. Georgie,
dreadfully bruised and scalded, came
on fast in spite of bis hurts. But' the
doctor said Dad had wrenched a ten
don in that frightful effort, and he lay
there a very sick and very old man
long after the young engineer was up
and around telling of his experience.
-"When we cleared the chutes I saw
white signals, I thought," he said to
me at Dad's bedside, "I knew we had
the right-of-way over everything. It
was a hustle, anyway, on that sched
ule, Mr. Reed; you know that; an aw
ful hustle with . our load. I never
choked her a notch to run the yards;
didn't mean to do it with the Junction
grade to climb just ahead of us. But
I looked * out again, and by hokey! I
thought I'd gone crazy, got color blind,
red signals! Of course, I thought I
must have been wrong the first time
I looked. I choked her; I threw the
aid; I dumped the gravel. Heavens!
she never felt it! . I couldn't figure how
we were wrong.: but there was the red
light. I yelled: 'Jump, Dad!' and he
yelled: 'Jump, son!' Didn't you. Dad?
' "He Jumped; but I wasn't. ever going
to jump and my engine, going full
against a red lamp. Not much;
"I kind of dodged down behind. the
head; when she struck it was biff, and
she Jumped • about .twenty feet up
straight. ¦ She didn't? Well, it seemed
like it. Then it was" biff, biff, biff,
one after, another. * -With -.that -.train
behind her she'd have, gone through
Beverly Hill. Dl&you ever buck snow
with a rotary, Mn Reed? Well, that
was about It, even to the .rolling and
heaving. Dad, want to lie down? Le*
me get another pillow behind you.
Isn't that better?- Poor Musgrave!"
he' added, speaking of the engineer
of 55, who was instantly- killed. "He
Crouching an instant, the giant mus
cles of his back set in a tremendous
effort. The wreckage snapped and
groaned, the knotted legs slowly and
painfully . straightened, the cab for a
passing instant rose. in the air and in
that • instant Neighbor dragged ¦ George
McNeal from out the vise of death and
passed •* him, like a pinch-bar, to ' the
never heard till, then, and the two gi
ants hurried away together. When* I
reached the skyscraper, buried in the
thick of the smash, roaring like a vol
cano, thes^air were already, into the
jam like a brace of ferrets, hunting for
the engine crews. . -It seemed an hour,
though it was much less, before they
found any one. Then they brought out
55's fireman. Neighbor found him. But
his back was broken. Back again they
wormed through twisted trucks, under
splintered beams, . in and around and
overchoked -with heat, blinded by
steam, 'shouting as they groped, listen
ing for word or cry or gasp.
Soon we heard Dad'a voice in a dif
ferent cry — one that meant everything;
and the wreckers, turning like beavers
through a dozen blind trails, gathered
all close to. the big fireman. He was
under a great piece of the cab, where
none could follow, and he was crying
for a bar. They passed him a bar.
Other men, careless of life and limb,
tried to crawl under and in to him; but
he warned them back. Who but a man
baked twenty years in an engine cab
could stand the steam that poured • on
him where he lay? ,
Neighbor, just outside, flashing a
light,' heard the labored strain of his
breathing; saw him getting half up,
bend to the bar and saw the Iron give
like lead i in his hands as he pried
mightily. gS .
Neighbor' heard, and he told me long:
afterward, how the old man flung the
bar away with an imprecation, - and
cried for one. to help him; for a minute
meant a life now — the boy lying pinned
under the shattered cab was roasting
In a jet of live steam. The master me
chanic crept in. rjs.
By ' signs Dad told him what to do,
and then, getting on his knees, crawled
straight into the dash. of the \ white jet
— crawled into it, and got the cab. on
his shoulders. : -',:;
wheat, reported out at, 3:10. While
we worked on our time card. Neigh
bor, in -the dispatcher's office across
the hall, figured out that the wheat
train would enrich the. company just
eleven thousand ¦ "* dollars, tolls and
premium. "If it; doesn't break in two
on the Beverly Hill," growled Neigh
bor, with a qualm.
On the dispatcher's sheet, which Is
a sort of a panorama, I watched the
big train whirl past station after sta
tion, drawing Eteadily nearer to us,
and doing it, the marvel, on full pas
s^n?er time. It was a great feat, and
Georgie. McNeal, whose "nerve and
brain were guiding the tremendous
load, was breaking records with every
milestone. ,
They were due In Harvard at 9
o'clock/ The first 4, our flyer, pulled in
and out on time, meeting 55, the west
bound overland freight, at the second
-station east 'of Harvard — Redbud.
Neighbor and I sat with the dls
'patchers, up in their office smoking.
The wheat train was now due from the
west, and, looking* at my watch, I
stepped to the western window. Almost
immediately I heard the long peculiarly
hollow blast of the skyscraper whis
tling for the upper yard.
"She's coming," I exclaimed.
The boys crowded to the window, but
Neighbor happened to glance to the
east.
"What's that coming in from the
junction. Bailey?" he exclaimed, turn
ing to the local dispatcher. We looked
and saw a headlight in the east.
"That's 55." *
"Where do they meet?"
"Fifty-five takes the long -siding in
from the junction" — which was two
miles east — "and she ought to be on
it right now/' added the dispatcher.
anxiously looking over the - master
mechanic's shoulder.
NeiEhbor Jumped as if a bullet had
struck him. "She'll never take a siding
to-night. She's coming down the main
track. What's her orders?" he demand
ed, furiously.
"Meeting orders for first 4 at Redbud,
second 4 here, 78 at Glencoe. Great
Jupiter!" cried the dispatcher, and his
face went sick and scared, "they've
forgotten second 4."
"They'll think of her a long time
doad," roared the master mechanic,
savagely. Jumping to the west- window.'
"Throw your red. lights! There's^ the
skyscraper bovj;!" - - .
Her head*^shot that instant around
the coal chutes, less than a. mile away,
and on going dead against her. I stood
like one palsied, my' eyes glued on the
burning eye of the big engine. As she
whipped past a street arc light I
caught a glimpse of Georgie McNeal's
head out of the cab. window. He al
ways rode bareheaded if the night was
warm/ and I knew it was he; but sud
denly, like a flash, his head went in.
I knew why as well as if my eyes were
his ey«?s and ray thoughts his thoughts.
He h3d seen red signals' where he had
every right to look for white.
But red signals now — to stop her — to
pull her flat on her haunches like a
bronco? Shake a. weather flag at a
cyclone!
I saw the fire stream from her driv
ers; I knew they were churning in the
sand; I knew he had twenty air cars
behind him sliding. What of it?
Two thousand tons were sweeping
forward like an avalanche. What did
brains or pluck count for now with
55 dancing along like a school girl
right into the teeth of it.
I don't know how the t/tner men felt.
As for me, my breath choked in my
throat, my knees shook, and a deadly
nausea seized me. Unable to avert the
horrible blunder, I saw its hideous re
sults.
Darkness hid the worst of the sight;
it was the" sound that appalled.' Chil
dren asleep in sod shanties miles from
where the two engines reared in awful
shc-ck, Jumped in their • cribs at that
crash. ' 55"s little engine, barely checked
the skyscraper. She split it like a
banana. She bucked like . a frantic
horse and leaped fearfully ahead. There
was a blinding explosion, a sudden
awful burst of steam; trie windows
crashed about our ears, and we were
dashed to the wall and floor like lead
pencils. A baggage truck, whipped up
from the platform below, came through
the heavy sash and down on the dis
patcher's table like a brickbat, and as
we scrambled to our feet a shower of
wheat suffocated us. The floor heaved;
freight cars slid into the depot like bat
tering-rams. In the height of the con
fusion an oil tank in the yard took fire
and threw a yellow glare on the ghast
ly scene.
I saw men get up and fall again to
their knees; I was - shivering and wet
with sweat The stairway was crushed
into kindling wood. I climbed out a
back window, down on the roof of the
freight platform and so to the ground.
There was a running to and fro, use
less and aimless. Men were beside
themselves. They plunged through
wheat up to their knees at every step.
All at once, above the frantic hissing
of the buried Skyscraper and the wild
calling of the car tinks, I heard the
stentorian tones of Neighbor, mounted
on a twisted truck, organizing the men
at hand into a wrecking gang. Soon
people began running up the yard to
where the skyscraper lay, like another
Samson, prostrate in the midst of the
destruction it had wrought. Foremost
among the excited men, covered with
dirt and blood, staggered Dad Hamil
ton. '
"Where's McNeal?" cried Neighbor.
Hamilton pointed to the wreck.
"Why didn't he jump?" yelled Neigh
bor. . '
Hamilton pointed at the twisted sig
nal tower. The red light still burned
In. it. :
"You changed the signals on him!"
he cried - savagely. "What does it
mean? We had rights against every
thing. What does it- mean?" he raved,
in a frenzy. "
• Neighbor answered him never a
word. He only put his hand on Dad'a
shoulder.
"Find him first— find him!" he re
peated, with a strain In his voice I
WE stood one Sunday morning
in a gTcux> watching for her
to speed around the Narrows.
Many locomotives as I have
teen and ridden, a new one la always
a wonder to n-.e; chokes me up. even.
it rr.eans rr.uch. I hear men rave
over horses and marvel at it when I
think cf the iron horse. I hear them
«. hatter of distance, and my mind turns
to the annihilatcr. I hear them brag
cf shirs, and I think of the ship that
plov.s the mountains and rivers and
plains. And when they talk of speed—
what can I think of but her?
As the new engine rolled into the
yards, ir.y heart beat quicker. Her
lines were too imposing to call strong:
they were massive, yet so simple you
could draw them, like the needle snout
of a collie, to a very point.
Every bearing looked precise, every
joint looked supple, as she swept mag
nificently vp and checked herself, pant
ing:, in front of us.
Fo'.ey was in the cab. He had been
Bast on a lay-off, and so happsned to
Lring in the new monster, wild, from
the river shops.
She was built in Pennsylvania, but
the fellows on the Missouri end of our
line thought nothing could ever safely
be put into our hands until they had
stopped it en route and looked it over.
•How does she run, Foley?" asked
Neighbor, gloating silently over the
toy. ' •
"Cool as an ice-box," said Foley,
swinging down. "She's a regular sum
rr.cr resort Little stiff on the hills
yet.**
"We'll take that out of her." mused
Neighbor, climbing into the cab to look
her over. "Boys, this is up in a bal
loon." he added, pushing his big head
through the cab window and peering
down at the ninety-inch drivers under
him.
"I grew dizzy once or twice looking
for the nonies," declared Foley. biting
off a piece of tobacco as he hitched at
his overalls. "She looms like a sky
scraper. Say, Neighbor, I'm to get her
myself, ain't IT" asked Foley, with his
usual nerve.
"When McNeal gets through with
her. yes." returned Neighbor gruffly.
giving her a thimble of steam and try
ing the air.
"What:" cried Foley. affecting sur
prise. "You going to give her to the
kid ?"
"I am," returned the master me
chanic unfeelingly, and he kept his
v.ord.
Georgie SIcNeal, just reporting for
work after the session in his cab with
the loose end of a connecting rod, was
invited to take out the skyscraper —
4SS, cla^s H — as she was listed, and
Dad Hamilton, of course, took the
scoop to fire her.
"They get everything good that's
going." grumbled Foley.
"They are good people," retorted
Neighbor. He also assigned a helper
tr the old fireman. It was a new thing
with us then, a fellow with a slicebar
to tickle the grate, and Dad, of course,
kicked. He always kicked. If they
hafl raised his salary he would have
kicked. Neighbor wasted no words.
He eimply eer.t the helper back to
wiping until the old fireman should cry
er.ough. ' *
V»ry likely you know that a new
engine must be regularly broken, as a
. horse is broken, before it is ready for
ttendy, hard work. And as Georgie
JJcNeal was not very strong yet. he
was ji ppointed to do the breaking.
For two months it was & picnic.
Light rur.s and easy lay-overs. After
the smash at the Narrows, Hamilton
had sort of taken the kid engineer un
der fcls wing, and it was prettygener
ijly understood that any one who
elbowed Georgie McXeal must reckon
with his doughty old fireman. So the
two tised to march up and down the
street together, as much like chums
as a very young engineer and a very
old fireman possibly could be. They
talked together, walked together and
ate together. Foley was as Jealous as
a czt of Hamilton, because he had
brought Georgie out West and felt a
port or guardiin interest In that quar
ter himself. Really, anybody could
jove Georgie McNeal; old Dad Hamil
ton was j^roof cno'.iYh cf that.
One evening. Just after pay day, I
saw the pair in the postofSce lobby
getting their checks cashed. Present
ly the two stepped over to the money
order window; a moment later each
came back with a money order.
''Is that where you leave your
wealth. Georjrle?" I asked, as he came
up. to speak to me.
"Part of it goes there every month,
Mr. Reed,"- he smiled. "Checks are
running lirfct, too, now—^eh. Dad?"
"A young fellow like yon ought to be
putting money away ia the bank,"
ECidL
"Well, you 6ee, I have a bank back
!n Pennsylvania — a bank that Is now
elxty years old. and .getting gray
headed. I haven't sent her much since
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALLV
THE SKY SCRAPER
7no_textf*r OtVBOY and Inuian pictures are
I / such a fad nowadays, especially
Vl £ * tte majority of people fully
>t*^ realtre that it is out a Question
of time when tse brave and the
vaquero wHI te bet a remembrance of
early California days, that The Call
hit* decided to run a series of typical
picture* which depict the true char
irctertstics and th» pJcturesQue life of
the men of the plains and the. woods.
No one man in all California is bet
ter fitted to handle these difficult sub
jects than Herman W. Hansca, for
more than tHIrty of .- his forty-seven
years have been passed delving, in to
the mysteries of Indlan^rites.and:cere
monies and In studying the bucjfdng
bronco and his .leather-clad .master.
His models have always been! followed
to their own wild homes, and 'many a
bronzed Arizonan would grasp with
amazement if he. but realized what an
object of curiosity he was ' with " a
strange people in a foreign land.
The picture above portrays a lively
bear hunt. Mr: Grizzly had been car
rying away young colts, much' to .'the
chagrin of th« ranchers, so they held
an indignation meeting, and swore., a
mighty cuttk to teach "him a lesson for
Intruding upon their privacy. In twos
and threes they rode-, forth to •: greet
his Majesty, "and xzhen he welcomed
them with a prolonged stare their Ire
,knew; no brands, and snots'went whiz
zing through the air. _ To » the first
cowifcy" belonged Jfte -mortal wound.
and as he galloped aiontr he waved hi3
pistol In the air an«l shouted lustily to
hl3 companions t!xat the day's sport
was finished.Henry and Hora's "Modern Elec
tricity." published by Laird & Lee,
Chicago, has been prepared with great
care, and is a practical encyclopedia
of ' all that the electrical engineer,
artisan,^ apprentice or student may de
sire to know regarding electricity and
Its applications. Without sacrificing
clearness or accuracy, the Information
has been simplified. so that even the be
ginner can acquire a complete knowl
edge of the fundamental principles and
uses of this mysterious force.
Every formula is explained , in the
simplest manner possible, and the pro
cesses of arriving at results have been
THE CROSSING-r-Wlnston Church
ill; the Macmlllan Company. New
York; Illustrated in color; price Jl 50.
THE QUEEN'S QUAIR— -Mauric»
Hewlitt: the- Macmillan Company,
New York; price Jl 50.
THE FLAME GATHERERS —
Margaret Horton Potter; tbe Macmll
lan Company. New York: price $1 CO.
THE SIGN OF TRIUMPH — Shep
pard-Stevens; L. C Page & Co., 'Bos
ton; price $1 50. -•¦' " "•. .
HEMMING THE ADVENTURER —
Theodore Roberta: L. C. Page &- Co..
Boston; illustrated; price $1 50.
AN EVANS OF SUFFOLK — Ann*
Farquhar; L..C. Page & Co., Boston;,
prrce Jl 50. -
THE ALTERNATE SEX— Charles
Godfrey Leland: Funk & Wagnalls
Company. New York: price Jl. • *¦-:-"
THE ART AND LITERATURE OF
BUSINESS— Charles Austin Bates:
the Bates Advertising Company. New
York.
THE EVOLUTION OF CLIMATES
— Marsden Manson; reprint from the
American Geologist, paper.-.
THE .HEART OF ROME— F. Ma
rlon Crawford; the Macmillan Com
pany. New York; reprint in 1 paper;
price 50 cents. • " •
BUILDING LAWS ,. OF HUMAN
CHARACTER— William H. McCar
thy; published privately; t price 35
cents. . .
Books Received
Nancy is a Scotch lassie by, adop
tion, but of somewhat uncertain breed
in the first instance. Good Scotch
scones and haddies seem to have in
spired in her. a spirit as wild as the
blasted heath o' .Forres Itself, and from
the tender age of 6 until she has at
tained unto the maturity of mother
hood In the last chapter this nerve
charged Nancy keeps things in and
about Stair Castle in a3 merry a state
of up-and-dojnp as any well * condi
tioned young. lady n>ight be deemed
capable. Lord Stair, who takes the
little - waif upon the death of her
mother, ¦ for better or worse. - Is of the
opinion that, like Mrs. Burnett's '.'Lady
of Quality," a girl should be all thews
and spirit, so, he proceeds to bring her
up In the way a man child should go.
Result: a^wbJHwind of hls.own sow-
Ing. • .
certain gait. As if woman was not
In the main possessed of a will strong
enough for every practical purpose and
lor some impracticable, the author folk
are quite prone to hold up for our
delectation the woman of Ideas - and
action. When the author happens to
be ofthe other sex we-are' just a- trifle
persuaded that her strenuous heroine
is created In. the- spirit of vindication,
If not glorification; If he; be:. a s man,
then a touch of gallantry and some
thing chivalrous is manifest in his con
celt, tyowever, the woman who rules
is ever an interesting being in fiction
as in fact, and we withhold -no wel
come from Nancy Stair, the heroine
who gives Elinor Macartney Lane's
latest novel its name.
THE willful woman is coming to. the
fore In recent fiction with no un-
Nancy Stair Has
Real Rare Time
Another "funny b.aok," not quite so
original nor so sparkling.but-thoroush
ly clever, Is "Tomfoolery," by-James
Montgomery Flagg. Limericks- such as
Mr. Flags contributes to Life and
illustrates with his odd pencil are the
food for laughter offered in "Tom
foolery"; where some of them fall a
bit flat Mr. Flagg's cartoons serve to
keep up the tension on one's risibilities
perfectly.
(Life Publishing . Company. New
York.) miEEmuBmtEab
logy designed to b<*dy forth the
true , character of old' Virginia's sons
and daughters. "Dorothy South." the
first of the three, was a picture of the
F. F. V. as they existed before the Re
bellion; "The Master of Warlock"
caught the Confederacy at its full tide
of success when Southern valor bid
fair to accomplish. Southern hopes.
"Evelyn Byrd" reflects the -tragedy of
the Confederacy's crumbling and the
heroism of endurance that supported
the . wearers and supporters of the
gray ( in the dark hours. But the
author is too. greatly carried away, by
the fascination of battlefields and
revival of historical controversies upon
maneuvers and counter-maneuvers to
i*ive individual attention to the thread
of his narrative. "Evelyn's Book."
which commences' at page 329 and
runs-on for nigh a hundred pages with
'the story "of her life, "written • for
Dorothy and nobody else." is certainly
a clumsy piece of workmanship and
gives the novel a most distorted bal
ance.
(Lothrop Publishing. Company, Bos
ton: Illustrated; price Jl 50.)
<<PV'ELYN BYRD," by George Cary
C Eggleston. Is the last of a tri-
Dogears Turned
on Light Fiction
of good old Virginia stock, and has she
not larerp estaies In America?
But the further record of this dar
ing and ambitious mamma must be
left to the reader for his pleasure. To
use a colloquialism, "bluff," its uses
and rewards, is the pitch npte of the
whole Ptorv. Admirably does the dow
ager mamma sum up her philosophy of
success: .. "Ihe true secret of power is
to see your actions In every light and
then choose the point of view which
you will stand by and from which you
will rause others to see you. Success
does not consist altogether in seeing,
but in being seen."
(Herbert S. Stone & Co.. Chicago.)
"The Foolish Dictionary," by "Gideon
Wurdz," is one of the brightest, little
humor books .that has appeared in
many a day. Surprising In its play
upon words and its Inimitable applica-.
tion of slang to pseudo-serious use's,
this rarely brilliant little potpourrt
of satire, wit and humor conceals a
laugh In nearly every page. Witness
only this single example:
HOCK: To "soak" what we least
need. In Germany they generally
"Hock the Kaiser."
(Robinson-Luce Company. Boston;
Illustrated.)
"Sundial Moltoes." a quaint little
book of antiquarian interest compiled
by Alfred H. Hyatt, contains the
chiseled saws of over a hundred of
these ancient garden clocks from all
lands. Latin. French and English in
scriptions. • graven upon old- moss
grown tablets these hundreds of years,
are .here brought together Into an
overflowing beaker of charged wl3dom.
Reading them, one is startled into, the
realization of the fact that Carpe-
Diem, preached from sundials for
centuries, has as strong a call for ua
people of electric clocks as it did for
our forefathers of the stone horologues.
(Scott - Thaw Company, New York;
price Jl.) :- •
A/f R IVINST P N CHURCHILL/ preview df.whosc latest-novel,' "The Crossing:' -will ap
1VJL pear in these columns next Sunday, lias probably mode his name a more popular one
quumg [American readers of fiction thnh any other contemporary writer. When, five years ago,
the u'rst.'of.his historical novels, "Richard Carvel," suddenly placed this young man, not yet out
of his'tzi-erjies, upon, the high pmjipclc of popularity, some worthy critics hoped io find in him
the;.long-sought-for author of "the great American novel." IVhcn the second in Churchill's
series of American epics, "The Crisis/' appeared, the publication was hailed by many as a lit
erary event, and copies sold ran high, into the thousands. .'Ninv conies "The Crossing,'* an
other novel of onc'of the crucial periods in Ainerican. history, the first edition of ivhi'ch was
sold off-hand before the date of publication.
The author is otic of the younger school of American fiction writers. Born November
io, 187 1, 'in St. Louis, the city of his present residence, Churchill was trained for flic navy
from his carlyyouth, finally entering Annapolis in the class of /f)4- sifter graduating,-how
ever, the young officer believed .that the field of his activities lay elsewhere than on the water,
and he resigned from the naz-y to join the staff of the Army and Navy Journal. The success
of several short stories soon won Churchill a place on one of the big New York- monthlies. This
he held until the press of literary work forced him Jo "go in" for book writing alone — a busi
ness perilous to any one save the most successful.
Winston Churchill, Whose Novel, " The Crossing,"
> Has appeared, Makes Writing Books His Business
fiT" HEY call me the most success-
I ful mother in New York," writes
the anonymous author of "The
Highway" as the opening sentence to
her story. This is because she. is '.'the
mother-in-law of an-. Embassador, an
Earl with old Elizabethan house's mel
lowlngr In the English sunshine,' a brill
iant New York lawyer who may be
come anything— and . is now rich and
well born." When she continues to say
that once she walked barefooted in the
furrows of the very, field where she is
Jl Mother*in*Law
of Belted] Earls
five men grow to know one another
and themselves to a pitiless degree of
familiarity during the long months of
darkness — to know and to despise. A
Iars:e portion of the authors narrative
is given over to an almost day-by-day
diary account of. the life of these men
there in the big cabin and .in their
excursions to the neighboring Indian
village and the Catholic mission of
Holy Cross. "So searchingly does she
lay bare the innermost natures of each
of these five by recording every spo
ken word and every act that the read
er is made himself a sixth in this for
lorn circle and sees, as with his own
eyes, each individual bodied out be
fore him. Supremely interesting types
are they; the "colonel" with his big
soul and broad mind, the "boy"- of
youthful impetuosity, MacCann, the
bigot, and O'Flynn. and Potts, the two
small, mean men of little heart.
Frojn the cabin the narrative car
ries to the terrible Yukon trail and
records the battle with death that was
waged by the "colonel" and the "boy"
over that mile upon mile of fearful
gloom: and terror. A stirring, prick
ling narrative. Is this, tense" with sus
pense and wire-drawn in interest.
Then follow the scenes at Minook, the
stampedes, the crush, of miners on the
river boat and at last Dawson. . .
Throughout the whole of the story
Miss Robins has caught the full,
strong current of feverish endeavor,*
of ' reckless adventure and "heedless
destiny that marked the Alaskan gold
rush as a thing of romance. Her book
Is both a romance ' and a page torn
from life; it has rich imagination and
studious t , faithfulness to actuality
alike. 'A remarkably powerful story.
(Frederick. A. Stokes Company, New
York; price Jl 50.)
"The Highway." Though the author
feels that it does, not jump with her de
sign to reveal her (or his) name, It is
unfortunate that the credit that must
accrue from so clever and so novel an
effort as this must waste Its fragrance
on desert air. It seems, very evident
that the book comes from a practiced
hand. So sharp is the analysis of
the phases of life portrayed and so
Incisive the satire of its deductions
that, does the book come indeed from
an untried writer, it- will not be a
strained prophecy to declare that the
next effort will not be an anonymous
one. Since Life's startling discovery con
cerning the authorship of the anony
mous "I— In which a Woman Tells the
Truth About Herself," which disclosed
the fact that since the author could
have been neither a" man nor a woman,
consequently .suspicion .fixed, upon Mr.
Bok of the Ladies' Home Journal, this
reviewer' does not venture upon a de
finitive use of the 'pronouns he or she
in reference to "The Highway's" cr«a
tor,~:but employs the, latter upon au
thority of the autoblographer only. -
"According to Mr. Herbert Spencer,"
says the author, "each of us Is the re
sult of environment. I suppose I am
one of the exceptions which prove the
rule." That. Indeed, seems to be the
true explanation of madam^e's charac
ter—of hers and that of the class. she
represents. For had environment and
heredity played an untrammeled part,
from planting potatoes on her father's
truck farm in West Virginia she would
have graduated probably to the dignity
of, the washtub and cook stove : seven
days out of the; week,- with a corncob
pipe between times. Instead, wonder
of wonders, she begins* to" get a train
ing in social culture out of the novels
or Disraeli and Augusta J.. Evans; she
learns- that her house in Fowlersburg
should have a "morning room" and a
"drawing-room," with draped dressing
tables and chintz flounces. 1 From
strength to strength this ambitious
lady advances. When " she Iss left" a
widow, "land poor," she flits -to Eu
rope, the Europcof other; "land poor"
folk, and she vigorously fights a way
into the uppertendom. For is she not
A humorously satirical .commentary
upon American aristocracy is this rev
elation of a fond mother's successes.
now occupied with this biography,
dropping potatoes before, her father's
hoe, the secret is out and the reader
does not wonder that the author de
clares her sense of humor. to be aroused
when she reviews the contrasts of past
and present.
Bigness is the first characteristic of
Hiss Robins' story that strikes into
the reader's mind. It Is broad, it is
full and deen^ The novel is a- com
plete transcript from the living nar
rative pf that remarkable incident in
the romance of our modern romance
world, the Klondike gcJd rueh.< Rich
in its significance of reajlty and In
stinct with the power that comes of
the whole telling of a big story, "The
Magnetic North" lays claim to con
sideration aa one of the really solid
novels of the year. >
As comparison with Jack London's
Alaskan stories is, of course, inevitable
in the consideration of Miss Robins'
novel, it is well to make such at the
outset so that suggested elements of
contrast made manifest by closer view
of the story's detail may be better
comprehended. At first off this one
fact appeals: that woman though the
author is, her book has nothing of the
womanly in its spirit. It softens noth
ing, skips nothing, colors nothing with
the delicateness of femininity nor
cloaks anything with a veil of
woman's finer sensibilities. " The
Magnetic North" is masculine
to the core. It " has to deal
with men In a man's struggle.
In this It yields nothing to the virulent
man-strength of Jack (London. The
powerful masculine spirit of Mrs.
Steel's stories of the Mutiny Is dupli
cated in Mies Robins' .book. In this
element, subtle and difficult of exact
definition, does "The Magnetic North"
differ : from ."The Call of the Wild";
the element of the heart. Jack Lon
don's men are all bone and sinew, In
spired by London's own characteristic
concept of life as the eternal tooth
and-claw rending and tearing wKereby
only the fittest Burvlve. London finds
in man the animal "always, the spirit
rarely. Miss Robins sees in her men
of the. north brutality, yes, but more:
a fine essence of the soul, of th.e some
thing ' which we are, glad to believe
makes man a little lower than the
angels rather than a little higher than
the anthropoid apes. London's stories
are soulless; Miss Robins' is warm with
trust in the God-given spark of ex
altation above the beasts given • to
the creatures made in His image. '
Not all to the grim terror and .the
fcllnd fate of the great north is "The
Magnetic North".. devoted, nor Is the
spirit of the book that of ceaseless
battling , against . the relentless hidden
springs of relentless - natural force.
Man is not pitted against the white
silence, fighting for a foothold and a
freehold. Bloody sweat does not reek
from every page of the book. The
story is not about men made strange
new creatures, half beast, in the
strange land under the aurora, but on
the contrary, It follows the fortunes
of normal men who ; remain normal
enough under the unwonted condi
tions of the new land, changing only
as they fit themselves to their sur
roundings. There " are tragic uplifts
to, the tale, but it is not all tragedy.
The "colonel" from Kentucky, the
"boy" from Florida, Potts, the Den
ver bank clerk; MacCann, the Nova
Scotia school master, and O'Flynn,
lawyer, of San Francisco — these are
the five men, gathered from five cor
ners of the continent, whose fortunes
are followed through Miss Robins*
tale. Thrust by the icy hand of win
ter into a cabin of their own building
on tne bank of the lower .Yukon, these
upon Alaska. Indeed, that land of
the ice and the grim stalking death
which . yielded to this young man
treasures not of gold has had no other
interpreter in fiction worthy of note
until the present. Now comes a
woman, Elizabeth Robins, with a
novel of remarkable power, "The Mag
netic North," to divide if not to con
test this literary field with the young"
Callfornian. For there is ample room
for a division of the Alaskan bread
that has hitherto been the whole loaf
to London. That a woman. should bo
the Oiie to essay a tala of the north
ern gold fields which reflects so much
of actual experience and personal ob
servation as does "The ! Magnetic
North" is more remarkable than the
fact, that therein is something which
must share honors with "The Call of
the Wild" or "The God of His
Fathers." •
In' "By Snare of Love" Arthur W.
Marphmont has turned out another of
his semi-annual productions In thu
breathless, reckless fiction line. The
itory has to do with a young Ameri
can-who 1 ' obtains • a concession for a
small province in Turkey, hoping
there "to- establish an Industrial com
munity which may be the leavening
spot for a possible regeneration of the
whole country. H'. obtains his con
cession all right and everything is
working smoothly when the hero
blunders into the inevitable snare of
love that is set for the sons of Adam.
He becomes the catspaw, for a parcel
of, low-browed revolutionists, incurs
the wrathful revenge of the Sultan
and leaves the novel in a fine red halo
of martyrdom. This is a good story
for those who like the typical March
mont story. .
(Frederick A. Stokes Company,
New York; price $1 50.) "¦--.
¦J*HE reading world believes that
¦ Jack London, he of the bone and
blood In fiction, has a proprietary lien
sacrilegious to b«i worth its .creation
for pastime only. If Mr. Shaw would
but bring his brilliance down to the
business of serving humanity in some
rerious purpose, then might his evi
dent reluctance to keep his talents
buried and his light hid under a
bushel be a. nobler motive and accom
plish more, both for his own fame
and the prospective of the Superman.
(Brentano's. New York; $1 25 net.)
"Magnetic North"
an Jflaskan Tale
AN emanation from the brain of
the Ijriffht^lrishman. George Ber
iiard Shaw, made into a book
called* "Man and Superman," which ut
i.-^c'ed some attention by its pyrot«eh
iitfcal brilliance when, it came spark
ling l«;rth in England last year, with
witty sally style, now makes a bid for
American favor as it comes from Bren
tai)>j'F, New York, in a little two hun
dred i»nd forty page comedy, made for
I'hi!os<./j)hers to peruse, but not for
players to p!ay. This sally-of-wit style
lacked but a little more seriousness on
the part of the sifted writer to have
bfe.u the warlike sortie, lance-laid-in
resi, fprar-point glittering etyleTas it
:wung out with all the courage ~nd
flame of a new era conviction against
encompassing hosts of conventional
morality and acceptors.
As It is. however, its scintilating as
sault may more amuse than menace
society as at present constituted. . Mr.
Shaw is not taking himself seriously,
nor presenting opinions of more impor
tance than that of being the mere ve
hicle of the author's wit. It is a fine
example of a man so rejoicing in the
possession of a brilliant brain, and the
exercise and revelation of it, that in
stead of his brilliance being obedient
servant to his will in the execution of
*ome Eeriuus purpose, it makes his
work subservient to the mere display
of its sparkling. .'• ,'K
The book consists of three parts:.
First, a very long letter in whicn the
author explains that he Is writing a
modern Dun Juan fctory at the request
cf a. friend. Second, .i sort of allegori
cal play, -'a comedy and a philosophy,"
in which the -principal exponent of the
revolutionary views is John -Tanner.,
which is English for Don Juan Ten
or io. Third, there is appended the. re
volutionist's handbook written by John
Tanner, "wherein you will find the pol
itics of the eex question as I conceive
Don Juan's descendant to understand
them. Not that I disclaim the fullest
responsibility for his opinions andfor
those of all my characters, pleasant
and unpleasant. They are all right
from their several points of view, f • •
This may puzzle people who belieVe
that there is 6uch a thing as an abso
lutely right point of view." Mr. Shaw
tells us that instead of following the
common practice of romancers of an
nouncing that their hero is a man of
extraordinary genius and leaving his
works entirely to the reader's imagin
ation, he actually gives you the writ-
Ing, which is very naive and nervy, but
it sounds all right from Shaw.
The two main things which the revo
lutionary .thought of this modern Don
Juan (note that he Is not. a Don Juan
in the old sense, but a comparatively
tame and pious person) deals with are
property and marriage. In .the., epistol
ary preface this excuse for vagary waa
given: "Every man who records his il
lusions Is providing data for the genu
ine scientific psychology which the
world still waits for." We are told that
there is no future for men who are
neither Intelligent, nor politically.edu
cated enough to be socialists. There is
much about good breeding, and- when
Shaw uses the . term "gpod breeding"
he means eugenics. ''¦-• •;• If the.
Superhuman is to come, he must be
born of Woman by Man's Intentional
and well-considered contrivance. Con
viction of this will smash everything
that opposes it, even property and mar
riage, . • ¦ • • when it becomes a. fully
realized vital purpose of the race."
The mating of uncongenial spirits
¦would often be a cross productive of
finer types, and, as marriage between
euch would be most unhappy, he would
have for the nonce conjunction without
marriage, but yet retain marriage for
the sake of domesticity.
Hence It would seem that the modern
Don John Tanner would In the process
of breeding the Superman .eliminate
jealousy, from his make-up. The plan
must surely Involve the abrogation • of
that old Scripture that "love is strong
as death, and jealousy is as cruel as the
grave." But -probably we . need never
doubt that Nature intends rather to
produce the Superman with mingled
stupidity and jealousy rather than the
•superlative intellectual without it; so
the John Tanner way to such general
production of the Superman will be
barred by the jealous hand which will
put the supersire up against the exter
minating gun., and. in order to make
security doubly sure that no such types
are brought forth, may shoot also the
brilliant embryo and Its matrix back to
the chaos whence they sought to
evolute; like Francesca, to love for
ever elsewhere, but not to rock the
cradle here.
The most uncompromising thing
that can be said of the book is that
It Is exceeding full of cerebration. It
makes you sit up and listen even when
you don't- like it It flashes,- but it's
flippant. In It" wisdom is twist awry
to let wit have the right of way. Its
purpose, if it has any, is too much
subordinate to play, and it. borders
too close on the shocking and the
J} Fanciful Skit
by Bernard Shaw
Anne Virginia Culbertson has added
To the rich lore of Joel Chandler Har
ris' "Uncle Remus" stories by her vol
ume. "At the Big House." Her book
is ( doubly - interesting from ¦ the fact
that many of the stories therein in
corporated are, according to the auth
or's preface, of direct Southern Indian
extraction. It seems that Br'er Rabbit
was quite the Idolized trickster of the
Cherokees as 'of the . negroes and- the
stories of his "goings- on" that came
from Indian sources have everything
in common with "Uncle Remus's"
standard stock. Miss Culbertson's
tales are told in an Inimitable negro
djalect, impregnated with quaint turns,
with homely wisdom and with rich and
racy humor. -Some are narrated by
Aunt Nancy, a typical "foh-de-wah 1 *
mammy.- Others, gathered from the
Southern Indians, are put into the
mouth of Aunt 'Phrony, who has Creek
blood in her veins. The picture of the
old plantation house, the ; songs, : half
weird and half comical, crooned by
the old mammies, the natural history
mingled with the unnatural, the tales
which make, the • animal-folk almost
human Creatures with more than hu
man .intelligence — all this means many
a happy half-hour for children and
grownrups alike. E. Warde Blaisdell
has- inside thirty-two, most ludicrous
illustrations. for the book, of which six
teen, are in color.
(Bobbs-Merrill Company. Indian
apolis.) ¦•'.--" I /;."
' A PECULIARLY difficult character
*» to analyze is that about which W.
E. Norris has written his latest novel,
"Nature's Comedian.*' There are in
sincere men In the world, lots of them,
as there are insincere women; there
are men whose conscious acts of de
ception and of equivocation are care
fully studied and planned for the ends
In view; but the man whose insincerity
deceives himself alike with others, and
whose deceit is sul generia a thing of
him so much a part that it is one with
the sub-conscious self — this man,
though not uncommon, is uncommonly
subtle. He is inordinately selfish while
believing himself • generous, cynically
cruel even when giving of his prided
kindness. Of such a man it is verily
true that.
All th« world's a «taje
And all the men and women merely player*.
The hero of Norris' novel, -Mr. Harold
Dunvllle, is a fair type of this dis
agreeable species of humankind. At
the hands of the author he is. made
no less interesting, however, than re
pellant. ... ' . w" i'/; .'•
'A study of o-ne character and one
alone is the veteran English novelist's
latest book. By vrcrd and deed, secret
communing* and open dissembling is
Harold Dunville well called "Nature's
Comedian," made to reveal his Inner
most self to the reader. From the
standpoint of literary workmanship.
Norris' analysis of this character is
complete and artistically wrought.
Through the various chameleon-like
changes of heart, that, this moral
weathercock experiences, or, better, in
dulges himself with, the writer has not
missed a shadow of meaning or drop
ped a line of significance. Whether^or
not this perfect portrait will please
must depend., uijon tne. taste of the
reader in the matter of this Intensive
style of fiction writing— the style that
calls little of incident to the support
of its interest. . ¦¦ -. •
Mr. Harold Dunville is an actor of
no little worth on. the stage and qf
consummate 'skill when off. We are
first introduced t» him when he is just
drawing to a close ills' very successful
season and wondering how he can hide
himself on his vacation so that Miss
Lorna Fitzwalter, his leading; lady and
devoted lover, , may not .t bother him.
Chance, in the guise of his mother's
sudden death, calls Dunville from Lon
don to his old Irome in Kent and there
he believes that he falls in love with
a little rosebud of a country girl who,
like the lamented Fitzwalter. loses her
heart instanter. Enters then the third
young lady, Josephine Gardiner, rich,
worldly wise ifhd world-stale. The
reader cannot conjure up a dilemma
more perplexing than was that of the
hero. But the * hero takes a course
which the reader might well eschew.
From love to politics the change is
made with results little more encour
aging. People begin "to find out," the
hero last of all. At last the author has
his creature creation taKe a course
vainly, melodramn^'c. vainly propitiat
ing. Harold Dunville dies, true to his
nature, In a foolish self-sacrifice, which
may be lauded in the papers for a day
—and then forgotten.
Above the superficiality and the triv
ialities of Harold Dunvllle's character
there may be found by those that are
kind • an element of tragedy all-suffi
cient in extenuation. After reading
"Nature's Comedian" we may wejl.be
moved to add to the Litany: "From
our own unconscious conceits and the
tricks of our vanity, good Lord, deliver
us."
(D. Appleton & Co., New York; price
$1 50.) • , ,, ..
Jin JQctor to Jill
j; land. Even Himself
. "Pamela ¦ Congrev«," by Frances
Aymar.Mathews, is not a book to be
read in any place outside of a summer
hammock. * Under the ; severely book
ish glow of a library lump . "Pamela
Congreve" would shrivel into painful
insignificance. For it has to do with
Dukes and Lords, small ciothes and
powder puffs and all of those stereo
typed properties of the gay-life-ln-old-
London kind of atale. Py.mela.j3 the
daughter of a. smuggler f ,nd fisherman
who early makes a | vow to brin~ to
grim justice the . man who w:ti» "re
sponsible for her father's" death. From
barmaid in a country inn Pamela riaes
to the dizzy heights of reigning queen
at -Covent Garden Theater in London,
wjth all the gay milords and . frilled
fops of the city at her shoe buckles.
Lots of joys for Pamela." but does phft
bring to justice the wicked -lord, her
father's murderer? Read. the book and
see — but don't read it out of a hum
mock or a steamer chair at best." .
(Dodd. Mead & Co., New York; il
lustrated; price $1 50.)
carefully demonstrated mathematically.
Numerous questions and answers* to
gether with practical examples, worked
out in every detail, make it unusually
valuable not only to theskllled work
man, but to all those who have not had
the advantage of a thorough course
upon the subject Jn a technical school.
(Price, seal leather, "jl 50; cloth. 'Jl.)
* Besides the . high science of forgery
¦ — when forgery seeme the best way to
right a wrong— -Nancy Stair is gifted
with the divine fire of poetry, knowl
edge" of the" law and a' sublimated es
sence of the gentle art of lovemaklng.
With all these talents at the. tips of
her fingers and toes, like the respected
dame of Bambury Cross, it is little
wonder that the", virile young lady of
Stair Castle should have men fighting
. over her. I Danvers'Carmlchael and the
Duke of Bbrthewlcke are just spoiling
for a' set-to when the latter la mur
•v.dered,' and, of course. Danvers is held
responsible. -Here at the climax of the
trial Nancy's proficiency in forgery and
Blackstone alike save the day and —
•the story ends with the possibility of
there being many of the name of Statr-
Carniichael In the land of the years
that are to be. : .-:.
Far-fetched though Mrs. Lane's story
is In.; many particulars, and ultra
forcible as the redoubtable Nancy may
. be In her wildest flights, the novel Is
the antithesis of humdrum, and that
is a goodly number of credits in its
behalf. <
(D. Appjeton & Co., New York; illu
strated; price, . Jl: 50.)
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL'..
GRIST FROM THE FICTION MILL
10DciXak* has a struggling' young
ser.ius *'fao expects some day to be
Dan*red among the men of wealth
xaJ r,niraintnt.-e of the country. He ia
Frank McCmy", who, though barely of
age. has been able to exercise hia m
vecLJ'e skill to s>uch an extent that h.?
ha# -already attracted ; the attention of
some «»? th* ctited scientists connected
with tlie Government at Washington.
A strong point made Toy the tloxzr
mill magnates of the West is that.
when any considerable number of thM
millions of China shall call for floor.
the entire. wheat-growing area of th9
world will not be suSScient to supply
the demand. "Even if all Japan
should become a Oour-eatins people.**
he. said, "the whole available supply
of the Paclfle Coast would provide this
commodity for only 20 per cent of the
population of that kingdom.** There
is likelihood, too, that a -greater por
tion of tbe> inhabitants oX Japan will
acquire the habit of usins flour. It
was represented to the Mikado Toy his
ablest advisers that in modeling the
Japanese army on the latest military
standard of the modern powers th<s
Important matter of diet had S«;a
overlooked.
i^cst Art Four-ad
W hea t Eaters
war; my father could not regain what
the war had swept away. He died
struggling with the problem, and my
mother followed him with a broken
heart. I hate the North, even though
I had to come and ask it for bread.
And you ask me to decorate the graves
of men who devastated my home!"
"I didn't think,- Francesca dear; hon
estly I didn't. You see we've always
kept the day. My folks fought on the
other side, and then I guess I'm a
bit old-fashioned. It seems natural to
go to the cemetery, and I didn't think
of how you might feeL"
"That's it. you didn't think. You'll
nev.ir understand me," the girl said
in low, passionate tones. "There's
the Masun and Dixon line between
us. You Northern men are so differ
ent. You're all business and dollars.
You get us Southern girla'up here and
srind^our lives out."
Dick looked serious now. But he
forced a smile.
• V "If the" North had not claimed your
talents,* dear, we would never— have
met," he' said, and it was her cue to
soften, but she did not take It.*
"Oh, Innate it. I hate it— the air.
the noise, the rush. It. has no com
pensations."
She did not mean it just that way.
BY CICELY ALLEX.
Copyright. 1904, by
M. Yv'OOD.
nuke things go. and she wound up
In the poor farm. Yes, there were
plenty of folks that took to the poor
farrrra after the war. But Dick, he
wasn't the kind to stay there. Blood
will tell, and he had more of his fa
ther's blood than his mother's in him.
When I see him. so straight and gocd
looking\ so well dressed and carrying
himself as If he expected to o^m Ne*«r
York before he got done. I say that
blood, will tell every time. There's
some folks that even having their
whole family wtped out by the war
won't down — and tact's the sort Dick
is. My laws, there's that belt again.
Dunt you want any more toast? Well,
you'd better come down after a while
and well have a little lunch. None of
the boarders will be home before din
ner time."
But one of the boarders did come in
very s«jon. He had a florist's box m,
hi3 hand and he walked quietly into
Mrs. Miller's sitting-room. where
Franoesca, looking: a bit pale from her
headache, but very sweet and gentle,
rose at his entrance.
"Oh. Dick, have you come back for
me? Is It too late to go?**
"I guess we won't 50, Francesca. Y<?=
Francesca looked up suddenly.
" lin't hft^ever told you?'* Mrs. Mil
ler, said in surprise- "Well, mebbe he
thought th* war was a tender subject
with you Southerners. - Why, his
grandfather enlisted and took Ma
three boys with him. AH four of 'em
are buried among the unknown dead
somewheres south of* the Mason and
Dixon^Iine. Mary Ann Merrill— Uxat*3
Dick's mother — she somehow couldn't
Aril so they went forth teto tb-t
beautiful spring sunlight, and Mrs.
iSIler. oeerjinjf from behind the cur
taixis of the basement, smiled "as •*
sight of them had made the whole day
pled :or her.
see I didn't understand — and these are
vioUra for you. instead."
"Ob. but we will go. you and I to
gether, dear, n ? was I who didn't
understand, and ve must have com
mon interests, dear heart. We can't
afford to 1st the old feed come between
as of the third generation. Well scat
ter those violets over the graves of
tie onknown dezd."
She did not come down to breakfast
the n^xt morning, and when Mrs. Miller
appeared at her bedside with s. cup of
coffee and some golden brown toast,
the sound of muffled" drums in the dis
tance tol<i her that the parade was in
motion.
"Dear me, suz. bul the house seems
quiet! It's funny how an New "fork
does make the most of a holiday. Mr.
Mjrrth said you weren't feeling well,
but I think it would have done you
good to go out."
Franceses, sipped at her coffee with
out replying.
"Seems as if I just must go my
self, but Lizzie, she was set on taking
the day off. and she's snch a good
help I didn't want to cross her. But
I do hate 'to .miss going to the ceme
tiry. \ Isn't \t funny, Mr. Merrill and
I coming from the same town? I
knew : just how he felt this morning
when he said he'd go out and decorate
some graves. We always djd it at
home, with the G. Al R- at the head
of the procession and the children
carrying the flowers and wreaths.
**I • didn't lose anybody close in the
war, as near as I .can remember," but
it meant a lot to Dfcfe . Merrill's foUts."
but Dick took the words literally. "He
stood up suddenly and very straight.
"I am sorfy, Francesca. that you
think I* cannot make you happy.** v
And when she looked up he had left
the room, so quietly that she could
hardiy believe the move had been taken
by vigorous, stalwart Dick MerrilL
And now the two young people sat
in the twilight, typifying the two sec
tions of the country from they
had come. Francesca, gentle, clinging
and drooping, in the fierce struggle for
existeace in the great Northern city,
shrinking from the clamor of trains
overhead, the clang of surface cars at
her side, and longing for the mellow
moonlight and the voice of the night
ingale in her old Southern home. Dicfx,
alert, quick, fascinated by the oppor
tunities which had drawn him from
a Midwest farm. He had brought
nervpus energy and strong, vigorous
blood — and New York loves to sap
and live off them both. They had met
on the commercial highway — and
loved. At. least Dick was quite sure
of it on his side. To-night— well
Francesca hardly knew what was
wrong to-night.
"A .xshole day to- ourselves to-mor
row, sweetheart," he was saying.
"Yes." replied Francesca, bitterly.
"That's what all the girls were say
ing to-day. You'd think we were
slaves-; — and — well, we are!**
Dick looked at her in surprise. Then
bedroom was on the floor above;
Fxancesca had the room next to Mrs.
Miller, but since their engagement
had been announced the good-nature<l
landlady had rather turned her little
sitting-room over t« their use.
**In my days young, folks didn't
fcave to do their courting in the paxk,
and I don't think it's right and
proper," she had said. In explanation
to her oldest boarder, a crusty bache
lor.
he spoke cheerily.
"Well, we shan't be always. Do you
know, Francesca, that little venture
In real estate Is coming oat all right.
I could have sold my share to-day "at
a net gain, of a thousand. But I think
I'll hang on until we're married and
we'll build on the corner lot."
"And you'll be a commuter, and
I'll die of loneliness" through the. day."
Dick eyed her anxiously..
Things go wrong at the shop?
"Well, never mind, to-morrow we'll
have the whole day — "
"Don't say that again," she com
manded, then corrected herself qulck
'. ly- -**I mean — where shall we go 1"
"It you don't mind. I'd like to take
a few Cowers out to one of the ceme
teries/* Then, seeing the surprise in
her face, he added hastily: "Xot that
I've any one buried around here* only
at home on Decoration day we alway3
put flowers on the soldiers* graves,
and I guess we can find plenty of 'em
around here. Then -we'll go down to
one of the beaches on the boat. We
won't get off; just take the -water
ride."
Franccsca's hands were clasped
tightly over her crossed knees.
"You can do as you like. I'll never
decorate a Federal soldier's grave,
Dick Merrill, never! If it had not be«n
for that war I'd not be in this dread
ful, dreadful city, working— working
like a slave for $13 a week, with glrla
who don't know how to dress, to talk,
to act. My people always had money,
but my jrandfather «vi3 killed in your
r'At the head «f the first flight of
¦tairs Uiey turned into Mrs. Miller's
CtUe ¦ sltlins-room, and Francesca
•:.- . ; -,->-: .wrarfly into the lowr rocker
by the window. Dick sat on the win
dow ledge, swinging his feet. His hail
F'KAXCESCA »:imbct' the stairs
with d; ageing steps. DicJc
can3l:t uj> with hec and support
" ed her elbow with' his strong.
£rrn hzr.d. It w^s good to feel
his support, his presence, even though
•fee had ?rrown somewhat accustomed
tu it. -md she turned to him with a
UNTO THE THIRD GENERATION
restrictions and finds the supervision of
detectives Irksome in the extreme, butt
she submits, recognizing the necessity
of the precautionary measures. '
The Kaiser takes the keenest Interest
in the welfare of Miss Krupp. whose
father was his close personal friend.
He sends her from time to time letters
dealtnj with matters connected with
the Krup? Works which Interest him.
as well as with MlSs Krupp's own" per
sonal affairs, and Ml£3 Krupp's letters
are for the most part replies to the
Kaiser's questions.- When Misa Kruno
makes her iorczal debut la Berlin soci
ety it will b» nnder the especial pro
tection of the- Kaiser and of the Em
press. HEPJLLX GSBHARDT.
; Miss Krupp's charitable disposition
has become fcnown to the general
public in Germany, with the result
that she receives, on an average, over
200 purely, begging letters a day and
over 150 letters daily entreating her tc
grant some position in the works tc
some worthy youns man. Over tOC
letters reach her daily requesting her
to subscribe to various kinds of char
itable institutions in all parts of
Quite a number of begging
letters 'and other appeals for h-?Ip
reach Miss Krupp froin America. Alt
these letters receive her perroml at
tention, and she works through th?m
with the hels) of jefixnx lady
secretaries. Appeals for positions in
the works are referred to th- ¦J.hT.»reut
h«a*ls of departments, b^.nusr cusea
are mentioned to cotr: patent authori
ties capable of Judging whether th*?
are genuine or not. and most of thj
letters receiv. the courte?yof a re&-/.
Miss Krupp has to undergo somr'of
the inconveniences which aie
confined to Emporors and King? Her
vast w-eaitb &tA the ownership if an
««£tire city make her. a likely tar -ct Cor
anarchist bullets, and her friend- ure in
constant terror of assassination. Fur
this rtason her guardians havtr insist
ed on h_T being continually guardtd b/
a sp-icial corps of detectives, who are
always, in her vicinity. When slu
drives or walks out one ur two of thsni
always hover around. Whsn she takes
exercise in her private grounds lbs de
tectives are. close at hand to reoel In
truders, and when she travels by rail
way still more elaborate precautions
are tsJcen. Miss Krupp resents, these
marrying a Prince, MLss Krupp has
her own theories on the matrimonial
question, which her relatives declare
are impossibly romantic but her hes
band. whoever he may be. will have
to reckon wit!, her love for grim,
smoky Essen, and consent to make
hia home there with her during a
considerable part of every year.
Guarded by. Detrctives.
age these' excursions, but she insists
on acting according to her own judg
ment and always has her own way.
She is a despot, but a benevolent one.
Many Grumbler*.
Knowing human nature, it is hard
ly surprising to find that MLss Krupp's
employes do not appreciate her good
qualities and charitable ways.
lack of personal freedom, which they
fetl at Essen jars on them. They" ad
mit that Miss Krupp is well meaning
and benevolent and that the works are
conducted on the whole on distinctly
humanitarian methods, but they de
clare that it is all too grandmotherly
to suit their tastes. Living in MiS3
Krupp's houses, sending their children
to her schools, applying to her hos
pitals when they or their fam
ilies axe sick. attending her
churches, drinking beer in her
restaurants, buying meat from, her
slaughter- houses. flour from her
.mills, bread" from her bakaries ami
hats and clothes from her stores, make
them feel that they are her serfs an-i
not free-born laborers. \ The result i3
thut the Socialist vote increases at Ea
sen at every successive election, and by
the time the next electoral content
occurs it appears certain that a Social-
Democrat will be returned to repre
sent Mis3 Krupp's city in the Reich-
Misa Krupp's friends have ofren
suggested to her that she miTht wiih
advantage to hersc-lr abandon the an
cestral home at Essen and go take a
prominent place in the h.i^h .society o*
Berlin, which would welcome the
heiress with outatretchjd arms. Th^y
assure her that she could be married
to a Prince \ly: the end of her first
season in society. Hiss Knop. how
ever, dislikes the theory of absentee
ownership, and though sh? is ready
to enjoy visits to ths German capital
a: frequent intervals, she Is rt3olve<l
to make the house at Essen, overlook
ing the works from, which she draws
lier wealth. . her real home. A_: to
Four large ocean Eteamshics are em
ployed to bring the products of the
Spanish mints tc- Hamburg.
Wants to Run Ft All Herself.
This colossal conglomeration of
riches belongs «hiefty to Miss Krupp,
who is thus the biggest matrimonial
prize of the period. The control of
the works is entrusted to a committee
cf management, but Miss Krupp her
self takes a keen interest in all th«*
complicated affairs of h^r vist con
cern. Reports on the operations of the
various departments are laid before her
wfth us/ailing regularity, and features
which are inexplicable to- her are made
clear by the statements of experts dele
gated by the committee of manage
ment to enlighten fc* 1 "- The- heiress
se»?ms to have inherited some of the
family capacity for industrial organi
zation, for she takes the greatest pride
and delight in supervising the work
of the different departments and de
clares that at som# future time she
will have gained sufficient experience
to take an active part ia the direction
of affarrs. „
Meanwhile her interfere nee In busi
ness matters ia limited to passive su
pervision, but she takes a more active
part in controlling the management
of the numerous auxiliary departments
of the establishment. The schools for
the children of her employes and the
hospitals for the care of the sick re
ceive regular visits from her and she
his a sharp eve for defects of all
kinds. The churches, hospitals and
schools erected by the firm are main
tained entirely by Miss Krupp's pri
vate contributions, which amount to a
truly fabulous sum every year. Com
plaints from employes who think they
have reason to be dissatisfied wtth
their treatment at the hand* of their
salaried superiors , receive Miss
Krupp's careful attention, and she ar
ranges that the report presented to
her on the case ?hail be aLsoiuWy im
partial. Claims on her sympathy
m;ide by the wives and families of her
employes meet with equal attention
and are never ignored if Lliey are gon
uine. .
Miss Krupp makes an inspection of
something cr other connected -a'Tth her
works every dar In the we^k. On
on<* day she &">?«! into the fictori^^
an<l workshops therns?:ves. learning
the actual conditions under which her
employes earn their wages, on an
other day she makes the round of the
hospitals, on a. third d;iy she may pay
surprise visits to the schools and at
another time shci ~niay stroll along
the part of Esssn populated by h*r
dependents and drop into a house h-re
end there to manifest her fvrrrpathy
with the laboring classes. The com
mittee of management. a3 well as Misd
IvK:pp's own relatives, rather discour-
•**—\ ERLIN. June 22.— It ia cae of the
L«y grim ironies cf fate that a young
•Tk J girt, bare'r of age. should be in
v.— y a sense responsible for the blood
shed ia the struggle between Russia
and Japan, owing to U« fact that .she
Fuyplled both r»wers with practically
ell of their guns. The young lady in
question ia Miss Krupp, ¦who on the
death of her father became chief pro
prietor of the world-famed Krupp
works at Essen, and likewise became
the wealthiest woman in the world.
This ctrJ holds the fate of nations in
fc^r hand, for if the Krupp works re
fused to supply any country with guns,
that country would be in a bad way as
•^a military power. The entire artillery
of rtussia and Japan. Franc*. Germany
and ItaJy was manufactured at the
Knipp works, and during the South
African war. when the artillery made
In English arsenals proved worthless.
England had to apply to the Krupp
works to supply the urgently needed
weapons. Practically every gun on
e\ery Russian and Japanese warship
* is crmstructed in the Krupp works at
Essen, and similarly every gun mount
ed en everr German warship, every
Austrian warship *"<i every Italian
warship bears the Krupo trademark.
Sw*»<Jen and Norway. Denmark. Hoi
lard. Belgium. Sr*ain. Portugal. Greece,
Turkey. Switzerland and all the South
Acwicaa countries are equally de
p*-ni?r.t on the Krcrp worksfor their
naval and military armaments.
To the soldiers or sailors whose
limhs are torn asunder Mr fragments
frexn shells manufactured by the Krupp
works and fired from suns constructed
at the Krupp works, the fair and
youthful Miss Krur>P must appear as a
\e::ui»-'e angel of death.
She Owns s Bfs CJtjr.
In r-ality Miss Krupp is a charming
Tectt-a maiden, who wields her im
mense r*jwer with discretion and gen
ercfiry. The city of Easen. with its
WC.900 inhabitants. 1* practically her
private property, so that she possesses
almcst ilej-r^tic r»jwer over her em
ployes and tVir families. The magni
tude cf the Krupr> works can only be
r'..i:z»d by those who aave visited Es
t-r? a n<! viewed in person the amazing
tfsl^s cf tne organizing genius of Miss
,'s father and grandfather.
e wcrks contain 111 huge steam
.- -a hich are plied with deafen
• fir twenty-f'jur hours every
a ;h« week: IZQb large ovens, the
.. iich are never let ont. and
• its machines, which are in
...::/ at work. No less than 2500
:.: - ¦ -: coa! are burred every day to
Jr-rsp the necessary furnaces alight.
SSftjSjj- .rks are intersected by Krupp's
. • • . railways, which, though only
• jUaix r.e boundaries of the establish
r:-.-.*. have a total length of over fifty
nv::.»«. In addition, there are 200 miles
of te>jrraph wires and a complete net
work of tele-shone wires for the ex
clusive- use of the Krupp works
Thirty-thre* locomotives are in use on
tile private railways and 600 operators
are employed to manipulate and super
vise telegraph and telephone arrange
ments. Desides its ordinary factories
and workshops the Krepp works pos
sess their ewn gasworks, electric s^n
erating statiyt^. a chemical laboratory,
a fartory for fireproof stones and two
Tht- eiarsioyes cumber over. SJKW
7 and special houses.- schools, public
bath*, public rr-staurants. co-cperative
¦torts, and hospitals hive been erected
for them by the Cmx, which has also
provide its own Sour mills, bakeries,
¦lausrhter-bouses. hat. clothes and sho*
factories for the supply cf necessaries
to the hands.
Durimr the list decade, the Krupp
works have sold 22.0C0 big artillery
jFur.s to Zi diJTerent countries, besides
tir~er.se Quantities of steel rails and
all sorti of other steel products. Apart
frcrm ths worlds themseives. the Ilrupp
poestssitcs ladade extensive cJa.1 -n>i
ircn ore mines n*ar Bilbao, in Spain,
6fi> coci and iron uxe mires ia Ger-
*ir.d a score of stane quarries.
<CopyrisLt. ~Gi. by Curtis Bro^n.)
/THE - 5A!^ -FRANCISCO SU57!5XY;atLIl
V.»unj McCn»y bases - hia hope of
t. •:¦¦::: ,-' fiekJ«« -fortune and Incidentally
fcav:n£ a tablet in tbe^'"hiiil of fame"
on his discovery ot tilutC !»» considered
one of the lost arts.* It ! tj|*t4at of tem
pering cupper. He lxaa^lrfady. given
practicaJ denieestratlon'oLhis discov
ery, and those wb*> have' witnessed the
ft'".- have pronounced th^rn s«»thin£
thon ol marvelous, '.'.*
11
TIMELY TOPICS OF THE WORLD(Copyright. 1904, by Frank H. Sweet.)
a **i ALT!" The command rang
* * I \ out sharply and the figure
J 1 skulking through the rice
J field hesitated, then turned
and came slowly toward the sentinel.
It was clad in the uniform of a com
mon soldier.
The sergeant of the guard was
near and to him the man was trans
ferred and taken directly to the tent
of the commanding officer.
•A deserter, your distinguished
highness," the sergeant reported, sa
luting.
The officer looked up from a chess
board on which he had been maneu
vering men in lines of battle. He was
a strong, handsome fellow, with a
hard face. As his eyes fell upon the
prisoner he started slightly.
"You. Kurino?" he exclaimed. The
prisoner smiled satirically.
"Even I, Shihiro," he answered,
"though I suppose I ought t*» *dd "no
ble and distinguished highness, now
that you are an officer.*'
The other waved his han >a
tiently.
"You may go," he said to the ser
geant, "I wish to speak with the pris
oner alone a few minutes." Then, ?.
the sergeant withdrew, "You under
stand what this involves?"
"Of course, ' c<*ldly; "deserting is
death. "'
"Yes, ceath." grimly, "and I will
see that the penalty is paid to-morrow
morning at sunrise. But greater than
death, you have the disgrace of de
serting. That will go with you into
the grave and out to darken the
thoughts of all your friends."
By Sidney K. Cole
ENDERBY'S WAY
Then he sauntered to the window to
look over at the skyscraper across the
way. where at a certain window, in a
certain tier." he had often seen a cer
tain head. It was a shapely head,
ringleted as close as a baby's with
sunny brown curls. Indeed, so fre
quently of late'had he gone to his own
casement to discover if that particular
bonnle head and rose-leaf face were
within range of his vision that his
business began to suffer from such
erratic absences.
Not that Jack Berenson was bother
ing himself about business. During
those minutes he^ stood, absorbed in
day-dreams, staring apparently at the
uninteresting wall of an uninteresting
building. He was thinking for the most
par V how strange it was that he. who
had come gayly up the road of life,
heart-whole and fancy free, until he
had reached his thirtieth milestone,
should all at once be beset by the
most chimerical hopes, the most futile
desires, the most glorious if chaotic
Imaginings.
It was lunacy, he told himself — stark,
staring lunacy— that he should go on
his way wjth a bounding heart and a
feelins of the most senseless exhilara
tion, just because he had passed a
girlish* figure oh the sidewalk, met the
indifferent glance of violet, black
lashed eyes, looking forth from beneath
a white brow, or caught the faint, elu
sive perfume of her demure garments.
And the worst of it was that he could
not bring himself to be indignant with
himself for being such a fool!
¦¦-. VYou like to be a fool!" he told him
self angrily. "You're "hugging your
"It was mlghtv muddy, too!" he
commented disgustedly. -\ .<
This accusation could not be made
against it an hour later, cleansed and
polished to the highest possible de
gree by the man ,who kept the shoe
stand in the office building where
Berenson had a suite. He took his
prize upstairs, and deposited it,
wrapped in tissue paper, on the top of
his desk.
folly! And much good it will do you!
You've not got enough sense. Jack
Berenson, to last a crazy man till
breakfast time!" .
With which final shot he was apt to
break away from his. vigil, return
sternly to his desk, and plunge Into
work until-until he began to wonder
it she.might have returned to her chair
in the window — or by any chance be
going out. Though whether out or in.
there had seemed sUght chance of mak
ing her acquaintance before Fate, in
the guise of a treacherous street cross
ing, had placed a belonging of hers in
his possession. .
But when he had sallied forth with
his prize his courage almost failed him.
And when , the elevator man let him off
at the eighth floor, as bidden, it was
an insane desire to make his imme
diate escape by way of the staircase
that overwhelmed him. But he pulled
himself together and went toward the
suite of doctors' offices which he knew
occupied that particular angle of the
big building. Some of the physicians
whose names were inscribed on the
tablet inMhe corridor were friends of
his. S
"Hope I don't run into Norton, or
Schrlener. or Maclntyre," he said.
"Hope I don't."
But he did— all three of them. They
and a few of their professional asso
ciates had met in the reception-room
previous to attending a medical con
vention -in a body. It seemed to poor
Berenson, standing helplessly in the
doorway with his package In his hand,
that the place was packed with eyes
curious, inquisitive, mocking eyes!
But a few voices called out pleasant
ly enough, "Hallo— how d'ye do. Beren
son?" And Maclntyre came forward
¦with a smile that made his ugly coun
tenance\qulte charming.
"Your—the young lady—" stammered
Jack. He held out the package much
as though it were a letter of introduc
tion." "She lost this, and-V"
"Oh. I see!" The i--»tor turned hast
ily. "Miss Meredith!" he called.
Berenson let the dray pass. Look-
Ing down directly on the. spot where
the girl had hesitated, he saw that
which had arrested her, and bending
quickly, he pulled out of the thick,
black, sticky mud an absurdly small
rubber, with its wrinkles holding the
arch of a high little instep.
"Well!" he ejaculated. ' "Here's
luck!"
He felt ridiculously elated. So
pleased did he look, . in fact; that a
friend jostling him as he reached the
opposite sidewalk, remarked- his satis
faction.
"Wheat cone up, Berenson?"
."No— rubber!" laughed Berenson.
And his friend walked off wondering
what there was in fishing footwear
out of the mire to make a -fellow look
so idiotically pleased.
T-TACK BERENSON caught sight of
1 her as he was going to the office
\ after lunch. Hs ., frequently
p J caught sight of her, but this was
the extent of their acquaintance.
He had groaned more than once to
think conventionality forbade a more
extended one. She was not the kind
of a girl with whom one might scrape
up a bowing recognition, to be later
elaborated in an exchange of com
monplaces that might culminate in
permission to call. Indeed, if she had
been, "it is safe to conclude Berenson
would not have troubled his head
about her, for he had a social posi
tion to maintain, a good deal of per
sonal pride and more than the aver
age sense of exclusiveness.
"Halloa!" -he said suddenly, and
stopped short.
The girl ahead had paused. " She
was evidently in some predicament.
For she stooped as though to extricate
herself or to pick up an article drop
ped. Almost at the same instant, how
ever; a tremendous dray, piled with
boxes, bore down upon her, and at the
shout of the driver, who i was ; striv
ing to rein in his huge Percherons,
she sprang toward safety and reached
the sidewalk. , J • . ¦ :'•.
. A girl— the girl — came from an ad
joining room. She looked lovelier than
ever without her hat and coat. Her
soft, green gown fitted her as Its sheath
fits a flower.- And the pretty, bewil
dered look in her eyea made them look
more than ever like violet stars.
Berenson knew then how a man felt
who performs a deed of daring in the
cannon's mouth.
"I was behind you this noon." he be
gan,!, "and when you lost this—" ', '.-.•
"Oh, thank you!" she Interrupted,
comprehending at once, and taking the
offered bundle. "You were very kind to
bring it to me!"
"Vera," Maclntyre said, "let me in
troduce to you Mr. Berenson. You have
often heard Alice mention him. I am
sure. Jack—this is Miss Meredith, my
wife's sister!" And then as the/ 4
bowed he went on by vzy of explan
ation. "Vera has been looking after
callers at the offices here during the
last six months. She would work — you
know what girls are!" -,
Jack didn't know, but he mentally
decided to remain ignorant no longer.
He would remedy his deficiencies in
this respect as soon as possible, at
least as far as this one bewitching
maiden was concerned. And he vowed
that he had never before guessed
what - thoroughly delightful chap
Maclntyre was until he heard the lat
ter sayins before he went off with
his friends:
"Oh, I say, Berenson! Come to din
ner to-morrow night- 1 — quite Infor
mal, vou know. Six o'clock. Alice
'will be mighty glad to see you!"
Jack looked doubtfully into the
violet eyes.
• There wa» a smile in them, though
the lips were sweetly serious.
"I'll come!" promised Jack fer
vently. He, wrung his friend's hand
vigorously In the ardor o* his friend
ship. •' **Ubrd. >yev 1'H come!"
And he *wid to himself ua he strode
back to- the office with his head In a»
whirl that Jt«mlsht not be quite s(>i
romantic to , find a rubber In Chi
cago mfid as'a slipper on a ballroom
floor, but that. It has Its— possibilities!
It would serve 1\
By Kate M. Cleary
A TWENTIETH. CENTURY CINDERELLA
"Have you thought it over?" said
he.
Now this question was entirely ir
relevant to the talk of the moment.
"Have I thought what over?" Miss*
Carmichael asked.
"Marrying me?" said Enderby terse
ly. "I'm a very practical man— not
romantic and that sort of thing, you
know. Still, I flatter myself I'd make
a fairly good husband. You'd have a
house and servants very much like this
establishment here."
Miss Carmlchael's eyes opened
wide. Was ever a girl wooed in such
cold-blooded fashion, she wondered.
She spoke calmly, yet her voice was
not as firm as she intended.
"Mr. Enderby, I thoroughly respect
you, but' as for marrying you — "
She paused and Enderby went on.
"Perhaps you want to think It over
a little longer. That will be all right.
I'm not one of the Impatient sort.
Good-night." ;*::
He slipped on his overcoat, took his
hat and stick, and departed leaving '.l.e
girl divided between amazement and
wrath. Tii : .
Spring was well advanced before En
derby broached the subject again. It
was one evening Just as he was about
to depart from the Carmichaels, and it
was with the usual abruptness.
"Have you decided to marry me
yet?" said he.
Miss Carmichael looked at' him
steadily, and this time her .voice was
_xery firm.
"No, Mr. Enderby, I have not; nor
do I think 1 ever shall decide to mar
ry you."
"That's all right," said he.
At the door he turned.
"If you should change your mind let
me know." ,,
To this day Miss Carmichael is un
decided whether the tears she shed
were of mirth or of anger. She felt
certain thie was the end of it; but En
dtrby came as heretofore to take her
driving, or to the theater, or to ves
pers on a pleasant Sunday. His man
ner was quite unchanged; it was as If
nothing whatever had happened.
Summer came, and the Carmichaels
left the city for their pretty country
place in a quiet village. Every sec
ond Saturday Enderby came down to
And then— perhaps something in
her voice suggested the course — En
derby tempted fate once more. •
"Going to marry me?" he said.
Miss Carmichael laughed hysteric
ally. \ ,
"Of course I am, you funny man,"
Bhe said. "How on earth can I help
myself?" ,_
Enderby looked puzzled.
"You're quite sure you want to?"
he asked doubtfully. *•
"Very, very sure,, dear," said Mis3
Carmichael gravely.
"Good! Good . enough!" said En
derby with hearty, satisfaction. It was
Enderby's way.
, "Oh!" said Miss Carmichael in tones
of relief, "he was positively insulting.
I'm bo glad you came."
"That's all right," said Enderby.
That Saturday afternoon Miss Car
michael was alwne in the house. At
4 o'clock a tree agent came to the
door, and by persistent efforts to sell
his goods was making himself very
obnoxious. At this juncture Ender
by came up the walk. .He heard the
voices in the hall and took In the
situation at a glance. He laid a hand
none too gently on the agent's shoul
der.
"You're annoying the lady," said
Enderby severely.
"Is that any of your business?"
said the man, with heated insolence.
"None at all," said Enderby cheer
fully. Whereupon he took the man
by the collar, marched him to the
porch and helped his undignified re
treat to the graver walk.
The agent rose from the ' gravel,
sputtering -profane Invective. Ender
by started down the steps.
•' Haven't had enough, eh?" said he,
and something in his tone and ex
pression forced upon the irate agent's
understanding a realization of the bet
ter part of valor. He fled the field in
inglorious haste. Enderby returned
to the hall. -r f v
• • •
dine with them. The portly head of
the house of Carmichael entertained
a genuine and outspoken liking for the
reserved young man, and Mrs. Car
michael was voluble in his praises.
Miss Carmichael said nothing, but
she recognized some potent fascina
tion about this strange, reticent man
and his stranger method of wooing.
Sometimes it amused her; sometimes
it angered her; and yet his plain words
and his frank strength appealed to her
more strongly than she cared to ad
mit. What manner of man was this,
she asked herself countless times; and
each time a definite ans\ver_was want
ing.
(Copyright. 1304, by T. C. McClure.)
* T was eminently characteristic of
I Enderby. He had known Miss Car-
I michael scarcely three months, but
to Enderby's mind time was not
always measured by the clock.
They were walking homeward from
the opera. Miss Carmichael had in
sisted that they walk; it was a perfect
night and the distance home was short.
"When they entered the quiet street
where Miss Carmichael lived Enderby
fell into a brown study. The girl be
side hifn was talking in eprightly fash
ion of nibelungs and Rhinemaidens, all
of which was lost to Enderby's ears.
They had reached the substantial Car
znichael residence, when Enderby came
suddenly from his reticent silence— so
suddenly, indeed, that he Interrupted
the gfrl in the middle of a sentence.
"Look here." said he, "I'm a pretty
steady-going sort. I've a fair income
and a steadilv growing clientage. I
want an establishment of my own.
Why wouldn't It be a good idea for us
to marry?"
Miss Carmichael was so thoroughly
astounded that she found no reply un
til they had reached the top step and
Enderby was struggling with the latch
key. ('.
"Good gracious!" was all she man-
Aged to gasp even then.
"I mean it," said Enderby. "Think
It over if you like. .1 don't necessarily
expect my answer right now."
"Good night, Mr. Enderby," she said
rather coolly, and the door swung shut
behind -her. ¦'.
Enderby strode down the street to
ward the club with never a qualm in
his mind and never a tremor beneath
his immaculate 6hlrt front; but that
was Enderby's way.
After that he saw Miss Carmichael
as usual, and for several weeks made
no allusion to the "matter. At first
the girl was furtively uneasy in his
presence, but as the weeks went by
and he said nothing more, she evi
dently began to think the affair had
passed from his mind. But In that
she misjudged Enderby.
One late March evening, as they sat
before a blazing fire in the big hall,
Enderby suddenly tool: up the conver
sation where it had ended weeks be
fi-re.
know that I am pursued; still, it is
strange to find me here in America.
I am going to my niece, the Princess
Flavia, who. is now In Chicago." „
There was something grotesque In
this odd jumble of the Hope story and
the American towns. Morgan glanced
apprehensively about the car. There
was no woman to whom he could make
appeal. There were three in the sleep
er, but Morgan knew the type only too
well. One was evidently a traveling
saleswoman, since she fraternized with
the other commercial travelers In the
car and made notes of the points they
offered for her instruction. One was
evidently a soubrette who vied with
the woman drummer for the attention
of 'the men. The third was a young
woman whose very face betokened her
incapacity.
He leaned over to the little Princess.
"It Would be better," he suggested,
"that no one else should know that you
are a Princess. I. too, am going to
Chicago, and will wait upon your com
mands. The others in the car are not
to be trusted, believe me."
"Bless your heart," she fairly beamed
upon- him— it is not always that her
Rurutarilan subjects yielded this ready
acquiescence — "I don't dare reveal my
self to any but a Rurutanian. Don't
you see" — her voice grew confidential —
"that there is Black Michael in the
smoker? It would never do for him to
realize that I was in this very car,
when he came to* America on purpose
to destroy me. He thinks that with me
out of the way* It would be easy to
marry Flavia. That will nev*- be. I
am determined that she shall marry
Rudolph. That la why I am forced to
flee my own country."
All that long afternoon Morgan hu
mored her whim. It vnild never do to
let her proclaim her royalty to the oth
ers. There was not a single soul in the
crowded Chicago sleeper who would see
the pathos of her condition. Instead
she would be made the object of their
jeers. She was such a dainty little old
lady that he could not bear th« thought
of her being subjected to ridicule.
He took her in to dinner, paying
proper deference to royalty and show
ing that he appreciated the honor of
dining with one of a race of kings.
After that he played piquet with her
until she became sleepy, and it was he
who gave the porter an extra tip to
make her berth down first.
Early the next morning she was In
her seat, smiling and happy, when
Morgan emerged from his berth. She
beckoned to him. "I slept soundly."
she said blithely. "From time to time
I wakened to hear the tramp of my
knight's footsteps in the aisle, and I
knew that the Princess of Rurutania
was safely guarded."
Morgan divined that the awakenings
were due to the stops and that her
knight's footsteps were those of the
porter as he conducted weary travelers
to their berths, but he smiled and said
nothing. .
All the morning he played her favor
ite piquet with her, and in a way it
was a help to him, for it made him
forget that he was on his way to seek
the girl he loved. A few months be
fore "it had been. his duty, as District
Attorney in a town near New York, to
obtain the conviction of a murderer.
»/fTHHE royal house of Rurutania
I ¦ demands your aid and protec-
I tlon. I must speak to you at
J[ once. Be cautious."
;-;.; •'. Malcolm Morgan read the
note a second time, then glanced curi
ously at the little woman across the
aisle. There was nothing about her to
suggest the fantastic: She was just a
dainty little old lady, scarcely five feet
tall, with whom Father Time had dealt
gently. Now she was watching him in
a flutter of '.expectation. Surely there
was something odd, but— Morgan
crossed the aisle.
"How. can I serve you?" he asked,
as he dropped into the seat beside
her. .
She gave a tiny cry of delight. "I
knew I could not be wrong," she said,
glancing apprehensively about the car.
"I knew you were from Rurutania. I
am— sh— " she lowered her voice,
"Ethel, Princess of the Royal House."
Morgan gave a start.* Here was a
little woman who claimed connection
with a royal family of fiction, yet gave
no indication of the insanity proven
by her. words. She accepted the start
as a tribute to her revelation.
"I do not wonder that you start,"
she said complacently. "You must be
familiar with i Rurutania news and
PRINCESS FLAVIA'S BETROTH AIL
By E. Sargent
It was clear that the man had com
mitted the crime, but a clever law
yer had created a feeling of sympathy
/or the criminal, and Irene Osterman
had coldly told him that she could
never accept the love of a man wbt
had sent an Innocent fellow being to
the gallows. .
She had left for Omaha the follow
ing morning, and had not even given
him a chance to plead his cause. He
was on his way there now. in the
hope that a change of scene would
enable him to make a more successful
appeal to her reason.
The breaking of the engagement
had been a terrible shock to him. and
her Highness from Rurutania at last
enabled him to partially forget the pain
that was gnawing at his heart.
Shortly before 3 the train pulled into
the yards at Chicago, and presently
they were In the station after a tedious
journey between lanes of freight and
passenger trains on side tracks. Just
before they arrived the Princess in
sisted upon having his card and his
Chicago address.
"We Rurutanians are so few." she
protested, "that I am unwilling to lose
sight of so faithful a subject."
And unwillingly he had given her his
card with "The Bismarck" hastily pen
ciled in the corner. She would forget
before she had Reached her home, he
argued.
There was a young man at the train
to meet her, and he was warm in his
thanks to Morgan. The young District
Attorney hurried to the hotel that was
to break his travel. Three hours later
a bellboy knocked upon his door ami
handed in a dainty note.
••The 'Princess Flavia,' " it read in
unfamiliar hand, "would be glad to
welcome to Chicago the traveler from
•Rurutania.' who by his courtesy has
done so much to help the "Princes3
Ethel.' " and . there followed an ad
dress on Michigan avenue.
From curiosity Morgan determined
to follow the odd experience to the
end, and as soon as he could unpack
his dress suit he called a cab and
gave the address.
Arriving he was promptly shown 4
into the parlor and in a moment there
entered a woman whose presence
caused Morgan's heart to thrill. With
a cry of "Irene!" he sprang forward,
and in another moment she was folded
within his arms.
Ten minutes later, when speech was
possible, she explained that the Prin
cess Ethel was her maiden aunt.
whose dementia took the form of the
belief that she was one of the omitted
characters in the Hope novel.
"When I heard from Cousin Jack."
she said gently, "of the man who had
been so kind, I realized that you had
done it to keep her misfortune from
the rest of the car, and a man who can
take all the pains to spare poor
Aunt Ethel cannot be as heartless as
I supposed you were. I realize my
mistake. Morgan. Can you forgive
me?" -"^
A kiss was his only answer, but an
eloquent one. So engrossed were they
that they failed to hear footsteps until
a thin treble was heard announcing.
"Well. I never suspected that you
were the real Rudolph, but I am glad
that my niece came from Omaha to
meet me." .. :. i.
"Then the Princess Ethel ap
proves?" asked Morgan.
"Yes," declared the Princess Ethel.
and a whispered echo, "Yes." from
the Princess Flavia, sealed the under
standing.
goddess among women, and I would
rather die with her love thaji live with
her,hate. [ .You may do your worst."
Shihiro's hand trembled -visibly as
he raised it to his eyes to shade them
for a moment from the other's gaze.'
j "You are mistaken, Kurino," he said
at length in a low voice. "I did not
have you seized as you think. I did
not even know you were in my com
pany until a few days ago.
"When I discovered you were here,
though. I admit I was glad. It put
you out of my path temporarily, and
there was the chance of your being
killed. And. now this mistake of your3
has solved that part of the problem
permanently. I am. not having you
pay the penalty because you are in
my path, mind, but because you are a
deserter. Any man in the army would
suffer the same. But in this case."
frankly, "I am glad; though," a note
of doubt coming into his face, "per
haps I shall not speak of your dis
grace to Nuyama and her father. I
may concede you that mercy."
Kurino* smiled understanding^.
§ Shihiro saw the smile, and his face
darkened. ., . ;?V ',
"Malu!"/ife called harshly.
The .sergeant entered.
. "Take the prisoner to the guard
house and watch -him closely. Have
everything ready for the execution at
sunrise."'
In the guardhouse, with the curious,
unfriendly eyes no longer' watching
: him, Kuriho's scornful composure van-
ished. He squatted upon the earthen
floor, with his eyes fixed drearily upon
the little square hole through which
fell a shaft of light- . The hole was too
small for him to squeeze through, and
there was a double guard outside the
door. This was to be the end. not only
of his political advancement in Korea,
but of that sweeter possibility which
he had won and must now lose.
The hours dragged by, until from th«
shifting light he knew that it was after
midnight. Then the door opened and
some one came in. He did not even
turn. It was a guard solicitous for his
safety, or perhaps come to mock him.
"Kurino!" a voice called.
Kurino sprang to his feet, wondering,
for in the voice was the same dreary
hopelessness that he had been feelin?.
"Shihlro!" he exclaimed.
' "Yes, I— I have been thinking it over
and It is as you say. Nuyama would
hate me. Here." thrusting a paper into
K^lno's hand. "It is an honorable dis
charge from the army. It will pass you
through the lines. Now go!"
"What." incredulously; "you let me
go free?" .
"Ym, yes," more harshly; "but it is
not for you. It is for Nuyama. I— [
love her, too. I would rather die than
for her to think ill of me. Wow go:
Go! *Go!"
At the door Kurino looked back in
voluntarily. Shihlro was squatted
upon the earthen floor, gazing hope
lessly at the little square hole through
which the light dropped.
THE SAN -FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALIT
Kurlno threw back his head scorn
fully, his eyes vflashing.
"That is a ne, Shihlro," he said,
"and you know it. I am not a desert
er. I am not even a ijart of your mis
erable command. I am, a Korean and
was seized and forced into your com
pany unlawfully. I have taken no
oath and made no promise and it is
not deserting for me to get away if
I can."
Shihiro's hard face did not change.
"To-morrow morning at sunrise,"
he repeated. "In cases of desertion
the army has no time for sentiment.
It Hvould not be safe. ' * There are too
many dissatisfied soldiers who are
ready, to follow a bad cxajnple. Xou
were seized on Japanese soil, among
other men whose duty it was to be. in
the army. Your name is on the roll,
and you have tried to desert. That is
enough."
• "So it seems. But you know why
I was on Japanese soil."
"To see the daughter of Laio," in
voluntarily slipped from the officer.
He bit his lips.
"Yes," boldly, "to see Nuyama, *he
daughter of Laio, the great, merchant
'of Miyaz. It was with her father's
consent, and we were to be married'
in a month. It lacks but four days
now. j That is why I tried to get
away, for you have prevented my
sending a,ny word." He was silent
i a moment, then went on contemp
tuously: | "You could not harm me in
my own 'country, Shihiro, for J. am
\ more powerful there than you are
•here. So you, took this way. You
thought I could be removed from
your oath In battle. But my trying to
leave makes it easier. Now you can
kill me at sunrise and have it appear
a duty, and you will try to advance
your interests by what' you will call
my disgrace. But it will be all feath
ers in a^gale," his voice commencing
to ring.* "I know Laio, and I know
Nuyama, and. they will not change.
Nuyama has said she loves me, and
she will continue to love me in spite
of all that you and the world may do,
for. that is a woman's way."
' "You will seek to win her father;
seek to win her without her father,
perhaps, as you have already tried, but
it will be useless. And if you try to
win her through what you call my
disgrace, she will hate you, hate you,
Shihlro. I know. Yes," at the sud
den .whitening of the officer's face,
"and . you know, too. Nuyama is a
STRONGER THAN HATE .
12although neither can De called new;
however, they are too pretty to be put
lightly aside, especially when ingen
ious women designers are constantly
bringing out smart variations of the
modes which ob%iate any thought of
monotony. Gored skirts range from
thirteen to one and two piece circular
skirts. While the long sweep is a no
ticeable feature of the dressy gowns,
common sense has ruled in the making
of street costumes. The exaggerated
sweep, which merely served to tire and
soil the wearer of the gown, has been
curtailed to a graceful short sweep
easily controlled, or to the pretty round
length so convenient to the promenader
or business woman. Another point to
remember is this: A style may be sim
ply perfect and yet the skirt wili be a
failure unless the style and the fabric
of which the garment is composed are
in harmrry. For example: Thin soft
fabrics only should be used to develop
elaborate models, else the skirt will b*
cumbersome; on the other hand, a
better than lace by far and is just as
pretty, so buy your half dozen pieces
with this in mind. Four petticoats
should be ample, as they wear a long
time. Try to get one silk one and
get a staple color that will harmonize
with anything you may wear. Two or
three muslin shirtwaists are neat and
pretty for morning wear, especially if
you expect to be your own maid, for
they can be tubbed frequently and
are »feweet and clean. Yea, household
linen is one of the things that a bride
takes with her and it is one of the
biggest items. If you are very short
of .money I .would not try to skimp
along to add to it. for it 13 not a
necessity and there are many girls
who go to their new homes without a
single piece. You should be able to
get good tablecloths plenty good
enough for-Jl a* yard, and two-yard
cloths will be plenty big enough for
four people and a fair sized table.
Five or six cloths are plenty, and two
dozen napkins. Buy one cloth either
Answers to*
Correspondents
HOUSEWIFE.— (Initials). The best
kept homes have , every bit of linen
marked, from the kitchen right
through the house. Perhaps you didn't
know you could buy initials or even
monograms ready to whip on. You can
so get a dozen and see how you like
the result.
HAVE ON'E CHOICE PLANT. (Mrs.
G.). — Instead of buying several small
plants to scatter -about your library, as
you suggest, I would advise the selec
tion of one really choice apedmen of
either a Boston fern or a palm, prefer
ably the variety Kentia Belmoreanna.
as possessing greater decorative value.
Ey all means discard the gaudy Jar
diniere, no matter how costly, and s?
lect another of the required size in a
quiet rich color to harmonize with tht»
rurrbundJngs. The decorative value of
the jardiniere should be secondary t<»
the plant it holds. A very dark gre*»n
or terra cotta with touches of gilt
:rould harmonize perfectly with al
most any room fumishincs. f2> Lin*
your beautiful eventejr wrap of white
cloth with a fine grade of satin Duch
ess In the new delicate shade of ros?
or you couM use a silvery rose bro
caded satin which would be eharmins.
Velvet Is the material par excellence of
the season and will continue to be in
cse and style until spring. Cniffon
velvet is light in weight and pliable
as the name suT^rsts and all manner
of elaborate modes may be developed
in this beautiful fabric: fcr dressy
functions nothing could be more ele
gant. <J> One of the new crepes would
be appropriate for a reception gown.
Mirror, ctoile. Dresden, panne satin
crepe, etc.. are amene the most deslr-:
cble weaves. Silk fibre Cluny lace,
hand embroideries, novelty passamen
teries, «n light delicate effects, and
Irish. Verise and Alencon laces wiir
provide suitable garniture. The exact
selection depends somewhat upon tJ»«s
crepe selected and your individual pref
erence.
X. Y. Z.— (Aprons). The prettiest
tea apron I have seen lately was fash
ioned from a handkerchief. Turn one
corner over and cut it off. Gather the
rough edge ever so little and put an
inch band into It. Round the apron
frill a full ruffle of lawn and use the
same for the strings. The corner that
was cut off is used for a pocket and the
effect is very pleasing. All told it can
be made for fifty cents and even less,
as one yard of lawn and one handker
chief is the material needed.
a dollar and a half a yard for it. Cut
your material Into 12-inch squares and
hemstitch. Footing or a fine lace will
finish it prettily and neatly and you
will have nine nice ones cheaper than
you could possibly buy them. Of course
the trimming depends entirely upon
yourself, but a pretty footing with an
edge costs 8 cents, while the plain costs
5 cents, so you could use this for threa
or four and lace at 12*4 or 15 cents for
the nicer ones. Remember a yard
wide.
It is also quite the fad for the father
and mother to present their baby
daughter with a dower chest early in
her career. Instead of making her use
less gifts thereafter, which are perish
able and soon forgotten, all the pres
ents are selected to take their place in
the dower chest. These are marked
with the monogram of the recipient
and the date of the gift. This custom
selves for generous grandparents, god
mother and near relatives the problem
of making appropriate gifts.
Any piece of handsome household
linen, from sheets or pillow cases to
lace or embroidered tablecloths or doy
lies, jewels, silverware and choice
fabrics, are eligible for admission to the
dower chest. A fortunate baby recent
ly received the title deed to a valuable
piece of property which Is to become
hers on her twenty-first birthday. This
precious document was sent by a dot
ing grandfather in a beautifully carved
chest which had been in the family for
generations and which still left abund
ant room for more showy gifts.
Another corset cover, made of three
women's embroidered and hemstitched
handkerchiefs, has the initials of the
owner on the fronts. Kimonas. sachet
bags, mouchoir bags and hat pin hold
ers are also made of handkerchiefs. A
pleasing combing negligee was built of
a bis white silk handkerchief, which
had an opening cut in the center to
thrust the head through. It was em
broidered all about the border with
forget-me-nots and bound at the neck
with pale-blue satin ribbon.
Brier stitched buttonhole stitched
and feather stitched lingerie of all sorts
finds ?ts way into the dower chest, and
nothing Is considered of too much trou
ble to make by the energetic dower
chest girl. »"*
One autumn bride is making ex
quisite handkerchief lingerie for her
dower chest. A corset cover, for in
stanae. is made of three men's white
hemstitched handkerchiefs, used on
the bias. Each bias hemstitched edge
Is joined by hand made fagoted bead
ing of heavy white crochet silk. A
row of this beading finishes the side
of each front. The beading is also
edged with lace. One row of beading
was used fer the armhole. Two rows
¦were used for finishing the top and
four strands of white wash ribbon
were drawn through this. The entire
garment is feather stitched with fine
white silk thread. The Christian name
of the owner is embroidered on the
right-hand side with white silk thread.
dainty bit of nainsook or sheer linen
in her hands, turning by delicate
stitchery her lingerie into beautiful
creatic-ns. . \
The dower chest girl makes all her
bed linen by hand, for she knows that
nothing can take the place of hem
stitched sheets and pillow slips. On
these, too, ehe daintily embroiders her
"crest." whatever it may be. Even
her bolster slips are marvels of dain
tiness, and quite as much care is ex
pended upon them as on the sheets
and pillow cases.
The latest adjunct to such an outfit
was a moucholr bedspread, pillow
shams and dressing table scarf, all
made out of pure embroidered linen
beaded handkerchiefs, such as come
for corset covers. It took twelve dozen
to make the spread, but when it was
finished, with white wash ribbons run
through the beading, it was worthy of
reposing in the dower chest. The pil
low shams and dresser scarf were
made likewise, joined neatly and with?
ribbon run through the beading. The
finishing touch was a fleur de Us de
sign worked in (he center of each
handkerchief.
This same chest contained table
cloths, napkins and doilies, all ex
quisitely hand made and embroidered
with a fleur de 11s design In the cor
ners. There were also embroidered
bands of ribbon for holding each set,
which added to the charm of posses
sion. On these were painted the words
"Towels," "Table Cloths." "Doilies."
etc. There were also "Bridal Sets,"
made In the same way ror holding the
Unrerie. . .
The dower chest girl will be a
feature of the summer. Instead of
the inevitable doily or centerpiece, she
will be seen on the piazza with some
Xext to the question of the chest
itself, the contents are of the most im
portance to the dower chest girl. If
ehe Is thrifty she will turn out many
dainty bits of needlework, in all of
which she will take much pride. It Is
quite the fad at present to hemstitch
linen towels by hand, scallop the hem
and then buttonhole stitch them. The
monogram of the worker—or, better
still, a design of fleur de Ms. sham
rock or clover — is worked in one end
to stamp the owner's individuality.
Even wash cloths are treated in the
same manner.
Another chest was of mahogany,
polished so highly that it reflected
like a mirror. It was perfectly plain
except for brass mountings and the
monogram of its owner In brass at
one end. It and the trays were
lined wth pale blue quilted satin and
delicately scented with sachet pow
der. This chest sat in an alcove in
the hall, which was furnished In ma
hogany, and it gave an air of ele
gance to the room.
These chests may be inexpensively
made, and serve their purpose, or
they may be constructed with a view
to using them as heirlooms, in which
case they are best bound in copper or
brass.
An artistic burnt wood chest was
made out of an old oak bedstead,
which had been in the family so long
that it had become endeared by asso
ciation. It was made to fit under a
wide window, where it served as a
commodious seat. The design was
burned by the girl herself, and was a
conventional one of poppies. sprawled
over the cover and down the sides.
Copper mounting's were used, and a
lock, made after an old-fashioned
model, decorated the front. The
wood was stained to look like weath
ered oak, and the chest itself was
lined with cedar.
Sometimes she- buys her chest
ready-made, but more often she* plans
it herself and has it constructed to
suit her individual preference. If
she is an enthusiast about wood carv
ing, she has her chest handsomely
carved, or does it herself. Her idea
is to have it so decorative that it will
never be awkward or out of place in
the reception hall, living room, bed
chamber, or wherever she may choose
to keep it. for ornament as well as
use. Whether decorated or plain, it
must have her monogTam on it in
silver or copper to match the trim
mings, or carved on it.
oak. carved or plain, to suit her fancy.
In any event, it will be cedar lined
and have cedar trays, the pungent
odor of which moths eschew, and
which clings to the garments she
places therein as persistently as her
favorite sachet perfumes her bureau
drawers.
COUNTRY.— (Hats). I would wait a
few weeks If I were you before I
bought a hat. On account of the Con
clave an *addltional season .has been
decided upon, and you will be able to
get one that has not been lying about
the shops since early spring.
JENNIE.— (Panama Canal). The es
timated cost of the Panama Canal was
5200.0C0.0OO.
MRS. N.— (Perfume). Good perfumes
never fail to be expensive and poor
cnes are an , abomination. However,
get a bottle of violet toilet water and
twenty-five cents' worth of musk.
Pour the musk into the full bottle of
water and then use as you see fit.
You need not be afraid of the musk,
for it merely serves to hold the violet
odor and to add the faintest possible
sweetness of its own. Do not buy
more than a quarter's worth, though.
ALICE.— (Handkerchief). Go to any
good linen house and ask for linen one
yard wide and pay from one dollar to
FLORENCE.— (Bridal Outfit). For a
girl who .wants a plain but good out
fit I should think this about correct.
A smart traveling suit, short of
course: a silk shirtwaist suit, a black
crepe or net that would answer as an
afternoon and an evening gown and
a white wedding gown made of any
of the soft* materials that are so much
In vogue. Have it made so that
you may be able to .wear, it as an
evening gown, for there is little sense
in putting It away and cherishing it.
Two hats, one strictly tailored and the
other soft and fluffy, and oneVlong
loose coat should answer all practical
purpose?. In the line of underwear
now. I should not try to buy sets
If I were you. as something always
seems to be the matter with one or
another of the garments. And re
member one thing v/hen you are buy
ing them, as I should advise you to
do, for certainly your hands are busy
if your are employed ; all the day.
"Very elaborate clothes cannot be sent
to the regular laundry and it will cost
a small fortune to them to a
French one. Embroidery wears
THE FEEDING OF BABY (Youn^
Mother).— A healthy well-developed
child fifteen months old may be fed
soft-boiled eggs, well cooked cereals,
beef juice, finely minced baked apple,
toast and oven-dried homemade bread,
barley gruel and plenty of pure milk
nnd a moderate amount of cream if it
agrees with the ch!!d. Do not allow the
baby to taste of harmful foods. The
pernicious habit of giving baby "little
tastes" c-f whatever it cries for cannot
be too strongly condemned. It invari
ably results in strife and often in
severe illness. If. as you say, your
maid or nurse has disobeyed you re
peatedly in regard to feeding the baby
she is not fit to have the care of a.
child. Better take this part of the
work in your own hards and thus
kno-w what your baby eats. (2) — To
make barley gruel, put ouo teaspoonful
of barley flour into the upper pan of
the double boiler and rub to a smooth
paste with a little cold water; then
stir in one pint of boiling water and
boll for twenty minutes. If a double
boiler Is not used, the cruel must be
stirred almost constantly to prevent
scorching. Add a small pinch of salt
and at feeding time mix equal parts
of hot (not boiled) milk and the gruel
together. (3) — Do not think of resort
ing to soothing syrups and similar
drugs when baby is fretful. Discover
the cause and relieve it if possible.
If it i3 a question simply of temper,
firm discipline will soon teach the little
mite to be cheerful when its needs are
well attended to. To keep up a con
tinual series of rocking, tafking and
feeding is not only highly injurious to
the child, but makes a perfect slave of
both mother and nurse. As soon as a
child learns that willful crying avails
it nothing it will soon turn its atten
tion to something else. Thi3 part of
the training cannot be begun too early.
FASHIONABLE DRESS SKIRTS
(Marion). — The styles of dres3 skirts
are so varied that no woman need be
unbecomingly gowned if she will select
wisely only such styles as are best
suited to her form. The stout woman
should not adopt the fad of the season,
the 1830 skirt, with side and back gores
gathered at the top. but this style is
admirably suited to the slender woman.
1'lalted and shirred effects still obtain.
TTVO .DELICIOUS SALADS. (Mrs.
L. G-). — As you are so tired of heavy
meat salads why not try a dainty fruit
and nut or celery and fruit mixture?
Daintily served, with a plain mayon
naise or with an admixture of whipped
cream. It will !*» quite rich enough to
suit rour husband and the friends h»
is to entertain at the stag dinner; fur
thermore, it will afford a refreshing va
riety after the elaborate meat courses.
Two excellent recipes are here given.
The ingredients. n!ates. salad bowls,
etc.. should be kept ice-cold until the
moment of serving. Cut with a sharp
knife enough perfectly blanched celery
in fine rings to fill a quart measure.
Peel and cut In very small pieces
enough Greening apples to measure one
pint. The apples should be firm and
tart. Then take one pint of freshly
prated cocoanut. mix with the other in
gredients and moisten with dressing
consisting of one part rluh whipped
cream to three rarts of mayonnaise
dressing. Serve on delicate heart leaves
of lettuce garnished with quarters of
pitted olives. A fruit and nut salad is
made of six tart oranges and one pint
of English walnut meats, moistened
with mayonnaise dressing and served
on lettuce leaves. Pee! anl pull the sec
tions arart. remove the seeds and ail
fibrous white skin from the oranges,
frying careful not to press out the juice.
With a sharr« knife cut out the sec
tions in small nieces; chon the walnut
meat3. Mix <he cut orange and wal
nuts and moisten with mayonnaise.
Put delicate crisp lettuce leaves on
chilled plates, heap a spoonful of the
mixture in the center of each nest of
leaves and garnish with unbroken
halves of walnuts and tiny stars cut
from rich golden orange peel.
BIRTHDAY PARTY (Busy Mother).
A dainty m*nu for the birthday party
supper m^y consist of clear clam broth,
served in cup?, accompanied by tiny
rolls, lamb chocs breaded, creamed
peas, sliced breast of chicken hot or
cold, tiny cucumber pickles and olives,
fruit salad served in orange baskets,
ire cream, cake, bon bons and coooa.
The table linen, china and silver should,
of course, be In perfect order, and the
floral decorations in the favorite color
of the little maid. Either carnations
or roses and ferns, arranged in a low
crystal bow!, wiil make a charming
center piece. As a cheaper adornment,
and one quite as attractive. I sugest a
pot of the lovely Chinese primrose,
ruse and white in color, in full bloom,
nestled among a lot cf filmy ferns. Ar
ranged in a low wicker basket this
would be lovely and really be more ap
propriate for a child's party than th«
carnations or roses. Strands of ros?
rolorcd ribbon radiating from th« cen
ter of- the table forming z whe?I ef
fect and silt cand:estic-k3 with ross
colored silk or paper shades will afford
an abundance of color to relieve the
white and gold china. A clever
scheme, to relieve any embarrassment
the little guests may feel between
courses and to encourage a Joyous
ppirit. is managed thus. A small card
upon which is written or neatly paste!
a witty little story told in a. very fev.
words, or a conundrum. Is folded in
each napkin. Each child Is asked to
read aloud his or her card for tha
amusement of all and the idea will hi
much enjoyed.
' ~J LABORATE. made to orflfr
•J trousseaux are going out of
J [ fashion, and the good old Ger- .
V. man custom of using the dower
chest is fast coming in. In New Eng
land the dower chest has long been a
concrete expression of a prettv senti
ment, but it is only recently that the
idea has spread over the whole coun
try.
This revival has inaugurated a new
feminine type— the charming Dower
Chest Girl. Unlike her German cousin,
the does not exist solely for marriage
—even bachelor girls have the fad —
but. nevertheless, Ehe tucks a hope
down snugly in her heart that some
tirr.e she will meet her Prince Charm
in?.
Fortunate is she if her mother has
instilled into her a sentiment to put
much value on association Instead of
ever looking for the new. If eo, she
will take to her future home & store
cf things, every one cf which will be
dear because cf some sentiment con
nected with a sr^eciai event of her life.
It win, theiefore. be an ever recurring
pleasure to use or handle them In her
married life.
The dower chest girl, as an Amer
ican type, is distinctive. As a rule, ehe
acquires her chest by purchase, rather
than by Inheritance, as does her Ger
man prototype, but she takes quite as
much pride in its possession as if it
were an heirloom. If she can afford
it, her chest will be cf mahogany or
IMPROVING LARGE KNUCKLES.
— (Mabel). I know of nothing which
will reduce the size cf the knuckles.
With many people these abnormally
large knuckles is a matter of heredity;
in torn? cases they are the result of
outdoor sport3 or other exercises that
bring severe strains on the muscles of
the hands. Many people' ruin the
shape of their handte unconsciously by
sleeping with them under their head.
If you have acquired the habit of
thrusting your hand under your cheek
at night obtain a pillow a trifle smaller
than the one to which you are accus
tomed or use a small pad to thrust
u..der the side of the face while sleep
ing. This will assist in breaking up
the bad habit and after awhile you will
be able to discard the go-between. If
this plan does not suffice dab a little
strong perfume on the h^nd3 before
retiring and if the hands are brought
close to the fa'ce the strong odor is apt
to awaken the sleeper enough so that
the position will be changed. After
having discovered r.r.d removed the
cause of the enlarged knuckles it may
be possible to effect an improvement
for. the red. swollen appearance can
be greatly reduced by gentle massags
and the application of a whitening lo
tion. (See reply to Brownle.> Avoid
anything which tend3 to strain or
harden the muscles of the hands and
do not expect a decided improvement
in a few weeks or you will be disap
pointed; patience and perseverance are
required and I am confident if you fol
low the treatment suggested you will
be rewarded for the exertion in hands
of better sha^e and color.
A "WHITENING LOTION" (Brownie).
—It is unfortunate that your skin Is
so dark that it does not seem to har
monize with your blue eyes, but I think
it can be Improved by persistent care
and the application of a whitening lo
tion. You may indulge freely in the
use of fruits, either raw or cooked, and
In vegetables, but abstain from the use
of strong coffee, sweets, pastry and
rich salads. Ask your physician to
prescribe a course cf treatment which
will act especially on the liver and
bowels and continue the warm and
cold snonge bath.3 to which you are
accustomed. Have the following lotion,
which is whitening as well as a good
tonic, prepared at any good druggist's:
Four ounces of violet cologne, one
ounce simple tincture of benzoin and
two ounces tincture of camphor. After
the bath/ berth morning and night,
bathe the arms, neck and face freely
vith the lotion. It will whiten and
tone up the skin wonderfully.
No. I do not think face powders
harmful if the best are bought and
they are properly used, as a mere fin
ish to a dainty toilet. It is a duty
every v/oman owes to herself to look as
pretty as possible at a!l rimes and. it
must be acknowledged, a little pow
tler works wonders in improving the
complexion. Discard the pink an<l
'.vhitc face powders you are now using:
they only exaggerate ihe color of your
skin and are too noticeable for a re
fined toilet. As a substitute us" a deep
cream face powder of a reliable make.
asking for the shade manufactured es
pecially for brunettes. This will blend
softly with the flesh tints and can
scarcely be perceived if judiciously ap
plied.
thin material plalrifand gored is sure
to look skimped and be & failure in its
peculiar way. A little thought In this
matter will save a good many dollars
and much annoyance. Silk drop lin
ings should be made entirely separate
from the # dress skirt, but both may be
joined in the same belt. I do not think
a habit-back skirt advisable for ' a
woman with large hips, for the skirt is
apt to ride op in front whenever the
wearer sits, roakir.sr it awkwardly short
in front, no matter how correct the
length may be when ' standing, even
though fitted with the utmost care.
three or three and a. half yards in
length, for you may need it on state
occasions. Two dozen towels will
suffice and one doz;n tea towels will
keep you going. Sheets , are a con
sideration and I would try to get at
least eight, for in case of illness they
are a positive necessity. One dozen
slips should serve, and your troubles
should be at an «nd. Of course, there
are endless small articles that are nice
and decidedly convenient, but if you
find that your money is holding out
better than you thought It would it is
very easy to get them. A good way
would be to make out a list and allow
yourself so much for each article, and
if you search diligently you can just
about make both end3 meet every
time.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY . CALH
WHAT WOMEN WANT TO KNOW
13
ADVTBTISZaCEKTS.
A BEAUTIFUL
WOMAN ,
•Ae three ree.dstte» of facial beaoty aret
eveaded feateres. absence of vrlsktes and «.'
p^ complexion, «ni a3»e ts a wise vomaaj
Gened with ties* farora. wbo wfl strive;
by ererj means to preserve, or. U lost, re-
store them.
Dr. Cfcarlea- Fleeh Pood, the greatest of;
beaxtlflers to-day, la tae result of years of
ready ard experience by Dr. Cfcarlei. aj
prq-y " fJ p cf n'ch standing Is hlM profaealoaj
t mA tls preparation Is the only one la thai
erortd recardsed and tsdereed by the medi-
cal 'ratemlty. It Is positively the only;
r>r"7sretlc= knoirn to odence whlca wlth-
oct tile use of medicines and tonics will
r»cr.d out the aoUcved. this cheek or
scrawny seek with firm, healthy flesh. Tor
remorlns; wrlnxles from the faee, neck and
basds it acts Ifke ma«!c— one application
eftea wbowizz a decided Improvement. •«-
p^eiMllj whea the farrow is deep.
Fcr developing the best or to make th»
breast srm, large and beaatlfnl. nothing;
can ecuaJ It. To prevent the breast from
thii&klns-. mothers should always a*e Dr.
Cfc*.->s Flesh Food alter veaslnr baby. It
wtlX also restore a bosom to Its natural eon- •
tocr afid beauty lest throara this cause.
We earnestly ware ladle* to aroid rah-.
¦tttctes of Dr. Charles Flaih Food. Bee.
tba.1 the name and portrait of Dr. Charles;
U on the <box Ijefore purchasing. We alsoi
nn ladies n<»t to use a=y ether cream onl
the fac«. «» Dr. Charles' Fle«h Food Is r«aJ>
tnteed cot to promote the growth of hatr.j
Os'eale at all the principal Department
Btores'and Druggists.
SPECIAL OFFER -«£* 555
if Dt Charles FJeaa Food is S1.00 a box. bet
to lntroduoe !t Into thousands of eew homes:
Its proprietors hare decided to send two G»
fccxes to «U who answer this advertlaement!
uad send them tVOp. AH packages are aen«
la plain wrapper, postage prepaid.
ETC 1 A sample box— Jut t enoura to>
r* n&& conrince rou of the rr**C
aerlt ef Dr. Cnarle* Flesh Food— will tr!
ilai »ree for 10 cents, wtieh p«ys tor cost
tf nsafllEg. We win also aend yon onij
Initiated book. "Art cf Mass***." whic»
mntains ail the proper movements for ma«-
¦ad"*; ike r * ce - n ** k * nd ftrm- ' * nd tul *
Srtcttons for developing the bust. Addresa.
bfi. CHARLES CO.. !08 Fulioa SL- Hew ToriWhen a man marries he should re
sign himself to the inevitable and
defy Fate to do its worst. *-
Love oft runs a raadd'ning course,
Matrimony, alimony and then divorce.
Uneasy lies thc-hcaU whose ton^iTC
lies harder. • .
* * •
The most interesting book is a
The man who jollies other people
along generally manages to jolly
himself along with them pretty well,
thank you.
¦ '-¦? " : •¦-'¦¦?>'.*¦*,¦ •'- "f'."- s :¦¦
Clothes do not make" |he man. but
they do make other people put a price
on him.
-_..;•¦ * *
¦ We. tnow_ that summer, .after fool
ing around so long, is rinsrinsr the
doorbell at last. The cirens and the
dude with spats are in evidence.
When a man has so much money
that he docs not know what to d«»
with it. he generally starts out to do
Some people live; others iust worry
Glad rags an'd plenty of nerve ii a
combination that U pretty hard to
A man in Philadelphia applied for
a divorce because bis wife had cold
feet. Served her right.
The difference between a man's
kick and. a mule's kick is: The man
kicks from habit, the mule because he
is built that way.
? . * *
Congress has had a shot at polyg
amy with the lid off in Utah. What's
the matter with L r tah having a shy
at polygamy with the lid on in Con
gress?
Love is an appetizer, but money
pays the check.
* * *
They say that there are no as;es in
Japan. For heaven's sake let's corner
the market and, send them the entire
patfit.
, _ . ¦ -¦-.,• • ¦ ¦ . - ¦• •-
THE : SAN... FRANCISCO ; .'SUNDAY CALIi
There's many who'll appreciate N
, The'humor grim of luck
That goes against^you deuced hard,
Despite your nerve and pluck; -
When ev'ry effort falls as flat ,
: As wine drawn overnight—
When, lo! surprises bubbling up
Show Easy Street in sight.
You wonder if it can be true.
And fear some devil's .joke— >
Then cash up all the things you'll want
When you're no longer broke.
And start, at once to spend the roll;
Your wants in lists you write —
' You'll luivc a durn'd good time, by Jove,
. ¦ When- Easy Street's in. sight. .
Hast ever struggled up against
The toughest kind of luck, • '
When ev'ry blooming scheme you schemed
Was sure to run amuck — ¦'
And then when things seemed at their worst
There shone a ray of light •
That sent you tumbling over hopes
Of Easy Street in sight?
Hast ever seen your bills pile up
Aud grow from day to day, ¦
Till ev'ry ounce of sense you had
You knew, was giving way— ,
When plans zigzagged on bias lines. •
Though trying with your ,• might "
To straighten. them — when, lo! some boon
- Showed Easy Street in" sight?' < ." ¦ <-
WHEN EASY STREET'S IN SIGHT
why he couldn't get home , from the office in time to
put on decent clothes and make himself look as though
he was a member of a respectable family. That t was
what George got for tending to busincss*;iiid keeping
out of tlie black sheep class. All the young 'ladies
he Was .the sheerest cumbprcr of the ground. Their
parents were always telling people how bright a fellow
John Henry was and how cute he had looked in kilts
when he was four years old; if the visitor didn't be
lieve it they would drag down the chamber of l>orrorj
from the marble-topped center table in the parlor and
produce- the documentary evidence. If any one sug
gested that George was a fair sort of a chap George's
mother would shrug her shoulders and. grudgingly ad
mit that he hadn't been in jail— yet. Then she would
launch out in a long panegyric of John Henry tending
to prove that he was one of the original wonders of the
world, although he wasn't doing"* business at that par
ticular moment.
Whenever they had company at dinner John Henry
would come down dressed like the lilies of the field
only warmer — while George would probably dash in at
thh last minute with his hair standing on end and ink
marks all over his collar. Then Johiv Henry would get
the glad hand all round while George would be asked
cate the awful curse of gambling— by breaking the bank
six nights in succession. It was > matter of history that
he had be«:n seen in church at least once in the course
of his life, but it was alleged by competent witnesses
that that was when he was christened, a..d as he hadn't
been consulted about that it should not be laid up
against him. John Henry was very fond of his home,
and to prove it he took good care not to wear out the
carpet in the front hall by walking over it any more
than was absolutely necessary, or to appear at break
fast with the rest of the family often enough to become
commonplace.
It would naturally be assumed by those unversed in
the ways of the world toward black sheep in : general
that John, Henry would be very unpopular and that the
family would play George for favorite on = every occa
sion. This was so far from being the :case > . however,*
that it might have been guessed by the' same unversed
individuals that it was George and not John Henry, who
scratched all the paint off the front door and tried to
take the banisters upstairs with him •when- he came in
after the closing hour. - • ¦ . ¦
George did more good to. the .world in five minutes
than John Henry did in a month, but the. action 'of the
world "in question would have led one to believe that
WOHN HENRY was a black sheep, while his brother
I George was the other kind. At this point let us
f%\ pause for a moment, or possibly two, to reflect on
the remarkable fact in human psycho-physiology, if
any one present knows what that means, that black
sheep arc almost always less sheepish than their white
brethren. Cut to proceed, if we can get the right of
way. John lienry devoted most of his waking hours to
putting in an extra large crop of wild oats, while his
brother was attending strictly to business and gradually
working up to the point where he would be known as
the teacher of the largest Sunday-school class in town
and so admirable a young man that he wouldn't be able
to get any one except the minister and the president of
the VYo;nan'» Aid Society to talk to him for more tlvan
ten minutes at a stretch, r
The .theory upon which John lienry regulated his ac
tions was that life is necessarily more or less limited
in its scope and that when we are through with it we
arc likely to be unoccupied for a considerable time.
Furthermore, he reflected, the money that we leave be
hind us doesn't <3q us any sort of good and is likely to
be the source of no end of trouble to our heirs. George,
on the other hand, was everything that a really good
young man should be, except popular. He was slowly
but surely building up a balance in the bank that would
enable him to purchase at least an umbrella and a rain
coat wT.cn the inevitable rainy d2y should blow in. He
worked from nine to five six days in the week and then
carefully cleaned off his desk and walked home to get
jhc air. In the evening he played checkers' with ¦ his
father or steered his mother and sister around the cor
ner to a paic tea zX the rectory in aid of the crippled
children oi Da;iiur.-knd. He was the sort of chap who
always v.ears rubbers when it rains and never goes out
i:i cold weather without an overcoat and a pair of van:
jrlovca. His idea of a wild time was to put on a black
cutaway :i;;d a v.hite tic -and play charades and ask
ridclci from eight to ten, with an intermission for cof
fee -nil sslad snndv.iches.
It would be impossible to describe John Henry's idea
of a good time without using asbestos paper. His even
ing was ju;t beginning, as a rule, when George was lay
ing i,:m down upon his virtuous couch, and it lasted un
til the waiters began to put the chairs on the tables and
turn the lights out. He never drank— more than there
was in the house— and his highest ambition was to eradi-
thought George was a very nice fellow,, but any one
skilled in the ways of the sex might have detected that
the said young ladies never spent any time talking with
George when John Henry was on the horizon. The rea
son that they gave for this peculiar behavior was that
they thought they might be able' to reform the latter
and turn him from his ways of sin. /
Of course it often happened that John Henry got into
debt and, equally of course, on each such occasion his
father came to the front like a little man and threw him
a life preserver that enabled him to make # his way baclc
to the terra firma of unimpaired credit again. When he
landed in the police station for running off with another
man's automobile in an' excess of bibulous emotion the
whole community shook its head gently and murmured
that boys must be "boys, even at other people's expense.
This feat only made the young ladies more anxious than
ever to draw him out of the highway of sin and back
to the narrow path of strict rectitude.
By. and by, or perhaps a little later, it happened that
George got his eye on a particular young lady whom he
thought might be induced to;sjt-in the shade of his vine
and fig tree if he could, guarantee the right kind of a
tree. Affairs seemed promisjgg and George had made
a date with himself when, he intended to ask the young
lady the important question/ 'if, it wasn't raining too
hard for him to go out. Just then John Flenry sailed
into the game and carried the girl off in a single sitting.
He was introduced to her one evening, proposed the
next and was married to her a week later.
Of course John Henry hasn't reformed.. If he did
people would lose interest in him and his wife would
have "no more occasion to be good to Aim for the
sake Jbi wooing him from the ways of sin. When his
father died he left the big end of his bank account* to
John Henry because George would always be able to
take care of himself, thus proving that whatever
heaven may do for men who help themselves, the earth
is much more careful of the other kind. George has
never married because he has never been able to con
vince any woman that a man who always knows where
his umbrella is and saves half of his salary right along
needs a wife around to tell him what he ought to do.
To make a long, sad story as short : ; possible, this
little tragedy of real life demonstrates to the entire
satisfaction of all reasonably intelligent people that
while we must all undoubtedly reap wha" we have sown,
the man who sows wild oats is likely to have a lot more
people to help him when it comes time to gather in the
sheaves.
—Copyright, 190.1, by Albert Britt.
Fable for fclhie Foolisfe h>y Hictaolas Nesiao
WHY SO MANY SHEEP ARE BLACK
Breach of promise suits tear the bondage from poor
blind Cupid's eyes.
* * * t
I
There cometh the gentle days of summer, when the
borrowed umbrella rindeth its way to tlie loan office.
* * *
When a man is just swearing mad and the wife says
nothing but smiles knowingly, he will either kill her or
rush out into the told world and slam the'door.
If we had our lives to live over again we would
either be too cautious or so reckless that we would
make a worse mess of the second- venture than we did
of the first.
Is an all-round "good fellow" ever real square?
When an American girl wants to marry, a title, she
could have been purchased he and a man named Morgan
would have juggled for a bargain sale long ago.
* * *
* Those rich people who rave so about money being
such a curse don't seem to be doing the "strenuous" in
getting, rid of the curse. *
They are^making an awful howl about Reed Smoot*»
bunch of matrimony, yet Old Man Solomon had a much
bigger bunch and he was wondrous wise.
Extravagant speeches are often very economical with
When a girl falls in love, mommer and popper might
as well throw up their hands and trust to Providence.
Financiering is often another name for "Find the
robber."
should make sure that both the title and the man are
A man should- never despise Ismail things. Even an
icecream soda may lead to a divorce.
* * *
A woman always believes all the scandals she hears
of her neighbor. The good she, hears she sneers at as
''posing for effect." /.
A mirthless laugh is like the smile on the face of the
dead.
it * *
' Love is like quinine in whisky. A lit I Ic bitter, a good
- $ $ Ifr
Mr. Rockefeller says, "You can't purchase heaven."
Oh, my. How docs he expect to get there? If heaven
*XY EVER trust one who wears a continual "I've
/ \ I caien the canary'' smile.
I \ •' • •
\\ hen a man's broke, the woman who broke
him 'liinks she's had enough.
* * •
No matter how silly a Woman may be, she can al
ways find a man who will let her make a fool of him.
* * * - *•
I'e«»p1c who live. in the eleventh story are not neces
sarily high livers.
* * *
Never make a fool of yourself to please other tools.
* * *
It i* awfully aggravating for any one t<» insinuate
that they know more about you than you know yourself,
and then to persistently refuse to tell ;'»u what they
know.
* * *
It reniaineih t<> be # seen whether the real bachelor
will succumb to the Leap Year bachelor maid.
x- * *
* The athtetic woman who thrashes hubby in the street
and in his ofiice will do much toward_ putting matrimony
out of business and making divorce popular.
ME-OWS OF A KITTY
14what happens after that. .
Anybody can have the ball; he has
had his game and is happy. They talk
of introducing cricket into Belgium. I
shall 'certaintly try to be present at
the opening game. I am afraid that
until he learns from experience, the
Belgian fielder, will stop cricket balls
with his head. That the head is the
proper thing with which to play ball
appears to be in his blood; my head is
round, he argues, and hard, Just like
the ball itself; what part of a man
more fit and proper to meet and stop a
ball, except, perhaps— but no, the head
comes more readily. Golf has not yet
caught on, but tennis is firmly estab
lished from St. Petersburg to Bor
deaux. The German, with the thor
oughness characteristic of him, is
working hard. University professors,
stout majors, rising early In the morn-
w-ere daring tobogganists; the undu
lating common makes them sad because
they can no longer handle a golf club;
by the riverside they eit down and tell
you of the salmon they caught before
they caught rheumatic fever; birds only
make them long for guns; music raises
visions of the local cricket match of
long ago enlivened by the local band;
a picturesque estaminet with little ta
bles spread out under the vines recalls
bitter memories of ping-pong. One is
sorry for them, but their conversation
is not exhilarating. The man who has
other interests In life beyond sport is
apt to find their reminiscences monot
onous; while to each other they do not
care to talk; one gathers that they do
not altogether believe one another. The
foreigner is taking kindly to our sports;
one hopes he will be forewarned by our
example and not overdo the thing. At
present one is bound to admit he shows
no sign of taking sport too seriously.
Football is gaining favor more and
more throughout Europe. Buf yet the
Frenchman has not got it out of his
head that the coup to practice is kick
ing the ball high into the air and catch
ing it upon his head. He would father
catch the ball upon his head than score
a goal. If he can maneuver the ball
away into a corner, kick it up into the
air twice running, and each time catch
it on his head, he does not seem to care
ing, hire boys ana practice back hand
ers and half volleys. But to the French
man,' as yet, it still remains a game.
He plays It in a happy, merry fashion,
that Is shocking to English eyes. Your
partner's service rather astonishes you.
An occasional yard or so beyond the
line happens to any. one, but this man's
object appears to be to break windows.
You feel you really must remonstrate
when the Joyous laughter and tumultu
ous applause of the spectators explains
the puzzle to you. He has not been
trying to serve, he has been trying to
hit a man in the next court who is
stooping down to tie up his shoelace.
With his last ball he has succeeded; he
has hit the man in the small of the
back and has bowled him over. The
unanimous opinion of the surrounding
critics is that the ball could not possi
bly have been better placed. A Doherty
and run off with them round the courts,
followed by whooping claimants. In the
course of half an hour or so, when
everybody is dead beat, the game— the
original game — is resumed. You de
mand the score; your partner promptly
says it is forty-fifteen. Both your op
ponents rush up to the set and appar
ently there is going to be a duel. It
is only a friendly altercation; they very
much doubt its being forty-flf teen. Flf
teeh-forty they could believe; they sug
gest it as a compromise; the discussion
Is concluded by calling it deuce. As it
is rare for a game to proceed without
some such Incident, occurring in the
middle of it, the score generally is
deuce. This avoids heartburning; no
body wins a set and nobody loses. The
one game generally suffices for the
afternoon. To the earnest player it is
also confusing to occasionally miss your
partner— to turn around and find he is
talking to a man. Nobody but yourself
takes the slightest objection of his ab
sence. The other side appears to regard
it as a good opportunity to score. Five
minutes later he resumes the game.
His friend comes. with him, also the
dog of his friend. The dog is welcomed
with enthusiasm: all balls are return
ed to the dog. Until the dog Is tired
you do not get a look In. But all this
will no doubt soon be changed. ' There
ha*S never won greater applause from
the crowd. Even the man who has been
hit appears pleased; it shows what *•
Frenchman can do when he does take
up a game. But French honor demands
revenge.
He forgets his shoe, he forgets his
game. He gathers together all the balls
that happen .to be handy. And then'
commences the return match. At this
point it is best to crouch down under
shelter of the net. Most of the players
round about adopt this plan; the more'
timid make for the clubhouse, and, flnd-
ing themselves there, order coffee and
light up cigarettes. After a while play
ers appear to be satisfied. The other
players then gather round to claim .
their balls. This makes a good game
by itself. The object is to get as many
balls as. you can, your own, and other
people's— for preference other people's—
are some excellent BTencn ana Belgian
players ; \ from > them • their compatriots
will gradually learn higher ideal*. The
Frenchman is young In the game. A«
the right conception of the game grows
upon them they will, also learn to keep
the balls lower. I suppose It is the con
tinental sky. It is so blue, so beautiful;
it naturally attracts one. Anyhow the
fact remains that -most tannfs : . players
on the Continent, whether English or
foreign, have a tendency to aim the
ball direct at heaven. At- an English
club in Switzerland there existed in my
day a young Englishman who was real
ly a wonderful player. To get the ball
past .him was almost an impossibility.
It if as his return that was weak. He
only; had one stroke; the. ball went a
hundred feet or so into the air and de
scended in hl3 opponent's court. The
other man would stand watching it, a
little speck in the heavens, growing
gradually bigger and bigger as it near
ed the earth. New comers would chat
ter tcvhlm, thinking he had detected a
balloon or an eagle. -He would wave
them aside, explain to them that ha
would talk to them later, after the ar
rival of the ball. It would fall with
a thud at his feet, rise another twenty
yard3 or so and again descend. When
It was at the proper height he would
hit it back over the net and the next
moment it would be mountins the sky
again. At tournaments I have seen
that young man, with tears in his eyea.
pleading to be given an umpire. Every
umpire had fled. They hid behind trees,
borrowed silk hats *and umbrellas and
pretended they were visitors — any de
vice, hdwever mean, to avoid the task
of umpiring for that young man. Pro
vided his opponent did not go to sleep
or get cramp, one game might last all
day. .-"-*%
Any one could return his ball3; but,
as I have said, to get a ball past him
was almost an Impossibility. He in
variably won. The other man, after an
hour or so, would get mad and try to
lose. It was his only chance of dinner.
It is a pretty sight generally speaking,
a tennis ground abroad. The women
pay more attention to their costumes
than do our lady player3; the men are
usually In spotless white. The ground
is often charmingly situated, the club
house picturesque; there is always
laughter and merriment. The play may
not be so good to watch, but the pic
ture is delightful. I accompanied a
man a little while ago to his club on
the outskirts of Brussels. The ground
was bordered by a wood on one slda
and surrounded on the other three by
petites fermes— allotments, as we
should call-them in England, worked
by the peasants themselves. It was a
glorious spring afternoon. The courts
were crowded. The red earth and the
green grass formed . & background
against which the women In their new
Parisian toilets, under their bright par
asols, stood out like wondrous bouquets
of moving flowers. The whole atmos
phere was a delightful mingling of Idle
gayety, flirtation and graceful sen
suousness. A modern Watteau would
have seized upon the scene with avidity.
Just beyond— separated by the al
most invisible wire fencing— a group of
peasants were working in their field.
An old woman and a young girl, with
ropes about their shoulders, were draw
ing a harrow guided by a withered old
scarecrow of a man. They paused for,
a moment at the wire fencing and look
ed through. It was an odd contrast;
the two worlds divided ! by that wire
fencing— so slight, almost invisible. The
girl swept the sweat from her face
with her hand; the woman pushed back
her gray locks underneath the hand
kerchiefs knotted about her head, the
old man straightened himself with
some difficulty. So they stood, for per
haps a minute, gazing with quiet, pas
sionless faces through that slight fenc
ing, that a push from their work-hard
ened hands might have leveled. Was
there any thought, I wonder, passing
through their brains? The younc girl?
—she was a handsome creature In spite
of her disfiguring garments. The
woman?— it was a wonderfully fine
face, clear, calm eyes, deep set under
a square, broad- brow. The "withered
old scarecrow?— ever sowing the seed
in the spring of the fruit that others
shall eat. The old man bent again over
the guiding ropes; gave a word. The
team moved forward up the hllL ' It Is
Anatole France. I think, who says so
ciety is based upon the* patience of the
poor.
<Ceryri*!ued, WC1 by Central New» «sd Pr«j
Exchange.)
THAT we English attach too much
importance to eport goes without
saying— or. rather, it has been
said so often as to have become
a commonplace. Jnc of these days
some reforming EngliEh novelist will
write a book, showing the evil effects of
overindulgence in sport; the neglected
business, the ruined home, the slow but
sure sapping of the brain — what there
may have been of it in the beginning;
l<>adins to semi-imbecility arid yearly
increasing obesity. A young couple I
once heard of went for their honeymoon
to Scotland. The poor girl did not know
he was a golfer (he had wooed and won
her during a period of idleness, enforced,
by* a sprained rhoulder), or maybe she
would have avoided Scotland. The idea
they started with was that of a tour.
The second day the roan went out for
a Etro!l by himself. At dinner time he
observed, with a far away look in his
eyes, that it seemed a pretty spot they'
had struck, and suggested their staying
there another day. The next morning
after breakfast he borrowed a club
from the hotel porter and remarked he
would take a walk while she finished
doing her hair. He said it amused him,
swinging a golf club while she walked.
He returned in time for lunch and
seemed moody all the afternoon; he
said the a;z- suited him, and urged that
they should linger yet another day. She
was young and inexperienced and
thought rr.aybe it was his liver. She had
heard much about liver from her
father. The next morning he borrowed
more clubs and went out. this time,
before breakfast, returning to a late
and not over sociable dinner. That was
the end of their honeymoon, so far as
she was concerned. H« meant well,
but the. thing had gone too far. The
vice had entered into his blood, and the
smell of the links drove out all other
considerations.
We are most of us familiar, I take it,
with the story of the golfing person who
could not help from swearing when
balls went wrong. "Golf and the min
istry don't seem to go together," his
friend told him; "take my advice be
fore it's too late and give it up, Tamus."
A few months later Tamus met his
friend again. "Ye were right, Jamie,"
cried the person, cheerfully, "they
dinna run well in harness; golf and
the rneenistry. I hae followed your ad
vice, I hae given it oop." "Then what
are ye doing with the sack of clubs?"
inquired Jimmy. "What am I doing
with them?" repeated the puzzled Ta
mus, "why I'm going to play golf with
them." A light broke upon him.
"Great Heavens, man!" he continued.
"ye didna' think t'was the golf I'd
gi'en up!" The Englishman does not
understand play; he makes a lifelong
labor of his sport, and to it sacrifices
mind and body. The health resorts of
Europe — to paraphrase a famous say
ing that nobody appears to have said —
draw half their profits from the play-
Ins: fields of Eton and elsewhere. In
Swiss and German kurhausen, enor
mously fat men bear down upon you
and explain to you that once they
were the champion sprinter, the high
Jump representative for their univer
sity—men who now hold on to the ban
isters and . groan as they haul them
selves upstairs. Consumptive men, be
tween paroxysms of coughing, tell you
of the goals they scored when they were
halfbacks or forwards of extraordinary
ability. Ex-lightweight amateur pu
gilists, with the figure now of an Amer
ican desk, butt you into a corner of
the' 'billiard room and. surprised that
they cannot get es near to you as they
could wish, whisper to you the secret
of avoiding the undercut by the swift
ness of the backward leap.
Broken-down tennis players, one
legged skaters, dropsical gentlemen
riders. are to be met with hobbling on
crutches along every highway of the
Engadin* Forest and valley echo 'to
their wheezy breathing. They are piti
able /objects. Never having learned to
read anything but the sporting papers,
books are of no use to them. They never
wasted much of their youth on thought,
and apparently have lost the knack of
it. They don't care for art, and nature
only suggests to them the things they
can.no longer do. The snow-clad
mountain reminds them that once they
little for the services of one who is do
ing such a grand work in molding for
weal or woe the lives of so many pre
cious little ones? Are you one of those
ever ready to find fault? Does it nut
keep you busy managing two or three
chidren of your own? How would you
like to undertake the care and training
of from forty' to sixty belonging to
some . other- people who 'don't, care
enough about their children to ask who
their teacher is? When finding fault
with a teacher, do you ever stop to
think that. at least ninety-nine out of
every hundred teachers are better pre
pared for, the training of .children than
are most 'parents? They have spent
years striving to learn how best to edu
cate these precious children. How much
time doos ' the average parent give to
this subject? Is it not •' just possible
that they know more about their work
than do most parents? Would it not,
therefore, be best for parents to try to
co-operate' with the teachers.'
Have you ever really tried to learn
how you can help the teacher "so that
she might accomplish more for. your
own dear child and those of others?
Do you ever believe what your child
says ¦without' hearing the other side of
the complaint? Should not parents and
teachers work together? If they pull
in ' opposite directions,:. will not the in
terest - of the ; child remain stationary?
Before criticizing, will you not stop and
The teacher's moral influence is by.
far her most important influence. What
have you done to make certain that it
is what it should be? How often have
you visited the teacher, unless to tell
her how much you don't think of her,
or to make some complaint? If you
have found a worthy teacher and are
pleased with, your child's progress,
what- have you done to encourage her?
How often have you told the principal
or a member of the Board of Education
what good work she is doing, and what
an, outrage you think it is to pay so
of children? Tet how common it is.
So common, indeed, that it has become
a proverb that "One parent will sup
port ten children better than ten chil
dren will support one parent." It is
a shame. It is the fault of their train
ing. It is our fault.
The lack of interest shown by many
parents In their children's school is
one of the wonders of the present day.
Many seem to think that the school
life consists entirely of recitations, and
that it is merely for this purpose .that
children go to school. This is a very
small and the least important part of
their training. If it were the most im
portant part, parents might be ex
cused for their lack of interest. There
might then be some excuse for not pay
ing the poor teacher such a salary as
would enable her to live as she should
and improve herself as she would.
is the case, .with little consideration.
The important thing Is to have the
right ideal.
We must not expect that each ehild
will be able to reach the high ideal we
have in mind. But this is no reason
why we should work patiently and
persistently to secure the Best possible
results. What parent, looking Into the
face of the blue-eyed girl or the brown
eyed boy, can tell what strong passions
or what high moral qualities lie hidden
in that head or heart? There may be
the elements of the criminal, of the
orator, of the sta'-iman. No matter
what these tendencies 'are, they are
subject to modification and susceptible
to the Influences which the parents can
exert. Every normal child is capable
of • endless improvemtnt through, the
long years, of life.
No parent can easily manage a child
until he has made a very careful exam
ination of himself. Each one of us has
a f number of peculiarities which are
likely to reappear in our children, who
have learned or inherited them from
us; and they are also likely to deter
mine our 'methods of managing others.
We must not forget that "like pro
duces like." Lore awakens. love. Harsh
ness excites harshness; anger, anger;
frankness, frankness. This seemingly
important fact is of th^greatesf*valu<»
in enabling us to. properly train, our
children. We must ever remember that
the surest and best way to produce
emotions or thoughts in our children
is to show these qualities in ourselves.
This is one of the great secrets of suc
cess In the management of children..
Have you ever crlftcized the teacher
in the presence of your. child? .If you
do, are you aware of the fact that you
are injuring your child . a . hundred
times as much as you are injuring the
.teacher? When he finds he can depend
- upon you he will say the teacher has
a "pick at him." . It is ¦ quite natural
that you should believe, his story. But
should you not investigate before-let
ting. him . have his . own ..way about
leaving school? On your way down the
street, watch for other boys whose par
ents believed that they were "picked
at." You can see him on every corner.
A cigar in his mouth, impudence in his
face, a swagger in" his walk, and don't
care-a-cent in -his manner. He 'thinks
he is older, than his parents, knows
more than all' his teachers, . and is
probably running * a • | downward ' course
faster than the latest automobile. Might
4tnot be well to consider h6w you can
help the teacher manage and, train your
child? Is it not best to take for granted
that the teacher is right, unless you arc
led to the opposite conclusion : after
careful investigation? Do- you really.
remember that the teacher's work is
very difficult at beat?. It" Is probable
that your child's* teacher Is making
the work more interesting and profit
able than "any. teacher to J whom you
have ever gone; for the schools of to
day are infinitely better than they
were twenty-five years ago.
want to help .. the teacher and your
children? See that they are neat and
clean, that they attend school regu
larly and promptly, that they under
stand that you expect them to obey
their teachers; that they work indus
triously while In school. Will you do
this?- If you will, you and your chil
dren will never regret your having
done so. 1-." ~-~ •
There, are times when It seems best
to send boys and girls to boarding
schools. Generally it is a mistake.
Better keep them under your own eye.
If -you must send them to boarding
school, select the school with great
care. Like a poor teacher, a poor
school is dear at any price. Don't be
in a hurry about having your children
take advanced subjects and other lan
guages. * It is more important that
they learn to observe, to think and
compare, and that they understand
and have something to say in English
rather than know many languages and
have nothing-, to say in any of them.
- Every thoughtful parent is anxious
to properly train his child. Proper
training will differ with each child. The
effort should be to develop the" natural
capacities of the child so that it may
unfold to a strong, beautiful character.
This will mean strength of body, vigor
ous energy, warm affections, natural
appetites, ¦'. proper ambitions, refined
tastes, firm moral convictions and a
strong desire to do what is right!
It is well for parents to have an ideal
in mind while training children. How
ever, this should be determined upon
after careful thought and not, as often
children of the same age are in other
families. This is entirely a matter of
training. Children naturally love to do
things themselves. We all know chil
dren four or five years old who are able
to help . themselves as well as many
children much older. In helping them-
Felves we should let them make rea»
sonable effort, but stand ready to give
assistance at the proper time. If a
child wishes to do what the parent
thinks should not be done, lest it suf
fer pain, it is often best to warn the
child. Then, if it suffers because of
not following the suggestion of the
parent, the child learns the evil effects
of disobedience. The great majority
of parents will express sympathy, and
will not say, "it serves you right." The
parent who answers in such a way may
be certain that the child's confidence
will not soon be won.
Considerable effort should be made to
teach children to be grateful for- the
many blessings which most do not ap
preciate. We, ourselves, are not gen
erally grateful save for that which is
unexpected. Much less are our chil
dren likely to be. They are apt to take
everything as if it rightly belonged to
them. Too few children in these days
have any idea of what they owe their
parents. Is this not largely the result
of our training? The parent who has
shown children reasons for being grate
ful will have children who will
appreciate what is done for them.
This will make out of home a comfort
able, happy place for the parents.
What thrust will sink deeper into the
soul of a parent than the ingratitude'
Thirty-FotirtH Talk to Parents by Wm. J. Shearer
For years seeds win refuse to grow
if kept in a dry, dark place away from
the sun. However, they retain their
germinating powers and under favor
able conditions will grow. Thus it is
in homes where, brothers and sisters
dwell." Even now it is not too late to
look after the neglected seeds. It is
the duty of parents to: strive,* by pa
tient culture, to reap the rich harvest.
Is this field cultivated as.it should be
in your home or does it. He neglected?
The family where all children are
boys or girls is not complete. There is
something lacking. . Xo • matter how
happy., there is ' something' wanting.
Without boys, there will be lacking the
manly, strengthening influences. With
out fflrls there will be , an absence of
sweetness • and tenderness. But are
there .not many homes where there
are both brothers and sisters, yet also
an absence of the heavenly' blessings
which should be there? Too often is
there not bitterness and strife? If bo,
some one is responsible ' for a terrible
failure.,'
Every _ person has noticed how help
less the children are in some families
and how ever readr and able some
IN the family where there are
brothers and Bisters there is the
possibility of a very happy life,
rich in Joy, fond associations and
great .inspirations. To bring out all
these possibilities there is needed the
mightier transforming power of loving
kindness. Without this, most of the
blessings -will be lost.
GREAT LACK OF HOME INFLUENCE IN AMERICAN HOMES
THE SAN ?RANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
15
SPORT STRICKEN MORTALS71 II. chiltireii, this is the {imc that you fiave proved your cleverness. This is the week that the Puzxlo
f I Editor "is .able to print ilic full one hundred and fifty prize winners and feel as proud of you all as
£| you are 'of yoursclvc«7~7 After all, .they; weren't really* hard, were they — those names of vegetables and
Jl the different 'kinds i of on June 12? While as for the eight puzzles this week — well,
let us s^e just liow much you knOwV . ,• "¦ ' .• '•'-'"-
There' isn't one of you .thaft cnnrioL looli' at the flock, or better still, at the watch yon won from the
puzzle editor, 'and no: tell. the ; time- 1 oT* day : ov ;: n1glit— -even'to the minute and the half minute, so there
really isn'tnirj'- good excuse 'why* you* eanrior«'iii this week, and do it very easiljv.too;.. Tliink. of the re-
Avartl, the splendid book?, :and:H%n i-ack- your brain and try to think or all the divisions of time. For in
stance, the^liours, the days,, the months and the like. . J *-JC . a
r - nut.'^liildrcu-, pay btrictr nttciil'ion now. Here lsSomethin~ tliCvPuzile Editor wants to speak of par
ticularly. You must not onjjr name anil the town and State. w herein y.ou.Uye. but the street or
postofllce . fttimber. This isv inipoitant be'eaitse many books have been returned because of Incorrect ad
dresses. And Uou*t. ior^et;; tliu gallery oi honor. '. , ¦ ¦•;..,
Anu remember this:- -You will air have' a chance not only to win one of. those ISO prizes, but s?»
_XOur^picture,numislied.>s^wptl.,^Tnc l*uz*Je_. Editor ..wants all the prize- 'wlithcn; lo send In their picture*
¦—the whole 150 every week: It possible. Besin rlslit now." ' Don't wait. The more" the merrier. Tuer»
can't be too innny. But .'remember. '"'only. tliS prize wrimers can haVe their pictures published. .*•/•
PL1^.SE 'DON'!* SEN1> IN ANY TlNTTPE PidrURES OK l»UOOt>
nieans that they, will fade" as soon as '"tiiey are exposed *to the «un. and -don't. forget »o \rriie jour name anil
jpRddTecs on the Bacl^'o^eacliVanil every '.'pliuiosraph. And. by .aU means l)e.»«u«s tlial jo u are » prUo *»Ui
ncr before you^scnd^in'Hiny'picttfre at all. = • ¦*;•' " • \- . - ; . - .' • •
lliliatJi'-'AiiK-"'O.\fc. 1 'ialJ-Vui;tJ£i'?AXp FIFTY PHIZES, and this Is what you must ao,cq ; wtn one ol
- them:. . 'f : :V i^" : -\-- $ % ._.*/ ;. . " . ' . ' '" ; A !; ' - : - - ¦ •' '••' " :
Find tiic 'ccrrect divisions of time on this page and write them out i n the space opposite the proper
corresponding numbers provided for the purpose In the coupon on Uiispagerns per directions; fill in the
coupon^ with your name and address and the prize you desire— If you win— and send the coupon to the
'"EDlTOlf'OF THE i .'^\3liri ;^'4LE : 'PA^E, ># Sunday Calt.' San Francisco', Cal.- ¦• . j, i ' .-.
- '/J REJIE31BER— To ili4* FIRST % OXE11UN1)KED AND FIFrY KQlS AND GIRLS tvho solve the cl S ht
v karne r«/zle» correcUy^TO^^^
And don'tVjtorjcet 1 . this" next point, because It Uvery Important: T AL.li ANSWERS •MLST '. RK.\CH .
ofcl'lCK'iix ltfklV'fte r SOOX. ; ThlsTslves air tTiose . In the counlrr an equal chance -to compete.'
i Head every thins : on. ihls.pape, ',[ to be .«ure_tlmt yoii overlook nothing that will help you to win a' prize.
., ( : 'THE NAAiES^. OF,' XUE LUCKY- WINNEKS^XVllilJ UK VUiiLLHUEli LN Ttl^aiiJAOAl' CAox TU"O
S\\T5Eks.FROM:T^-DA^auIy^lO. ,', .'".; ./ : ' " f . ! j;
- v<\ V,y, Tljese are ; the" TWENTY: DEAL/ ill- LiL BOOKS from .which you may choose If you solve all the poa
*.« ties 'correctly :.,. ; „.',-•... -"Ij .;» - r :.%^<f,:' . :¦.¦.¦:*: V ¦¦. " . ' :'". -i ; %r* t 3 ;'-,¦»'^-..i' ..-. ¦¦¦ l{
'¦ t )l * /Abbe Constantin, by Halcvj;;" A Christmas : Carol, by : Dickens: Ethics of. the Dust, by Ruskln: Heroes
•*'and 'Herp'-Woi-sh'ln*^ by Carlylc:« v Kidnaped, 'by Stevenson: KnickCi iocker'« History of. : New . YorkJ by Ir»Uis;
Lucile,* : by' ! 'Mei t cUltb';- Mine Own. People.: by: Kipling: The .Pilgrim's- Progress; by Bunyan:. Pleasures of Life,
: by Lubliock": Rail, and His; Friends." by ; Brown:. Rip 'Vud Winkle,, by- Irving: Saimanthu .at Saratoga, by Hot
ley; Tanirlewood Tales,' by -Hawthorne: Worn,' Brown's: School Hays, by.llnghes: Trcsusure Island, by Steren- '
' fcon; Twice Fold Tales, by Hawthorne; UnclcTom's Cabin, I»y Stowc; 'A Wonder Uook, by Hawthorne; Flu*
•Poi«- : Tnoss Who' GU^SS -T h<2S<« '".,Pl»a^»v!fc-0ay.
Janet Cobb, San Jose: Helen . Hoerst,
San'I<eandro;;Ray' Goldsworthy, Stock
ton: Milton "Jafflgan,, 1300. t Polk*st.; S.
F. ; Adeline. Kcssler,) Stockton; Gladys
Piercy, MarV Island; Wilbert Cowell,
Stockton.: May Fletcher,. Mill Valley;
Byna Williams, Stockton; Edna Daley,
322 Eureka] St., S. F.;' Alleen llennessy,
1505 'Clay sW'S." F.Y Cailie Thempson.
1876" Fifteenth st. S. F.; Karl Schuster.
130 Julian ave.. S. F.: Helen Hobart,
513 Folsom st.. S. F.: Carrie Dondcro.
445 Gough St.; S. F. ; Teddy Nelander.
861' First ave.; S. F. ; • Reglna. ' Kyerson.
2133 Union st. 1 , S.-F. > :
Eva Young, 524 Post st., S. F.; Louis
Young, £24 Post st.. S. F.; Dave Young.
524 Post: St.. S. F.: Louis Henning. 8an
Jose; John Murray, San Quentin;, Edith
Bert ran, 625 Folsom et. S. F.; F. Llv-
ingston. 219A Mason st., S. F.; Henry
Peterson, 1317. Klrkham St., Oakland ; .
C. Mualadin, 664 Nineteenth sW Qak-;
land; ( Ramona Hanby, 872 Willow' el.. j
Oakland; Viola Sartori. Petaluma;
THESE are the lucky 150 prize
v. inners in the puzzle contest —
the names of the various kinds
of fish and the different sorts of
vegetables published in The Sunday
Call, June 12:
Pearl New by, Dixon; Max Kchde, 474
Ecrards St., Oakland; E. Ritter, 121
l^ike et.. Oakland; Gertrude Briggs.
3261 Market 6t.. Oakland; May Christ
ir.an, 566 Thirty-fifth St., Oakland;
Susie Butterworth. 2753 Octavia St., S.
F.; .Caroline Covey, 1517% Market st..
Oakland; Retina Brown, 21S3 Union St..
S. F.: Amy Butterworth, -7D3 Octavia
et.. S. F.; Genevieve Farrell, Petaluma;
Frank Kitson, 77 Cumberland St., S. F.;
Mrs. William Stuart. 121 Eleventh ave.,
Oakland; Elwyn Cassidy, 1531 Twelfth
ave., S. F.; Eleanor Parham, Mare Isl
and; Harold Otto, 1704 Twelfth ave.,
S. F.; Rosa Birch. Alajneda; Esther
Scott, Santa Rosa; F. T. Haines, 548
Stockton St.. S. F.; Harold Strickland.
Pacific Grove; Will Martin, 7 Guerrero
et., S. F.; Martha Taylor, C01 Corbett
ave.. S. F.; Ruth Anderson, 1CJ5 Eddy
st. f S. F.; Gladys Schulte, 815A Dolores
Bt. t S. F.; Gladys Day, 1234 Clement si.,
S. F.; Adele Badarous, 104 Baker St..
3. F.; A!b!n Pape. 709^ Hampshire St..
*S. F.; Rose Townsend, 671 Twenty-sev
enth Et.. Oakland; F. T. Coburn, Ala
meda; Emma Tubbs. 1224 York St., S.
F.: Ida Kelly, 1343 Geary St., S. I".;
Wilhelm Waterman. 1117 Devisadero
st., S. F.: Virginia Spencer, 3374 Nine
teenth" St.. S. F.; Rudolph Trautner.
2J40 McAllister st.. S. F.; David Kc-egel.
f»« Cumberland st., S. F.; Arthur Koe
i sel,, 9S Cumberland st., S. F.; Melvin
Koepel. 96 Cumberland st, S. F.; Leslie
ICoegel, S6 Cumberland St.. S. F.; Irvin
Carlson, 237 Hayes St.. S.' F.; Vadie
Rudolph. 960 Eighteenth St.. Oakland;
Pearl Bray, Grass Valley; Audrey
Street. Ci Valley Et., S. F.; Madeline
Newby. Dixon; El'.a Winfield. 1623 Noe
st.. S. F.; George Wihr. 11 Metropolitan
ave., S. F.; Kathryn Slevin, 1093 Treat
ave, S. F.; Mildred Tade. Berkeley;
Helen Taylor. £18 Castro sL, S. F.;
Frarli Spencer, GJ74 Nineteenth St., S.
F.; Ruth Dewey, 1D£- Scott St., S. F.;
Marjor> Craig, 2940 Pierce st., S. F.;
Tialph Bradley,. Santa Cruz; Mary
Francis, San Rafael; Miriam Broaddus,
Asnev.-; . Mildred" Smith, 522 Turli St.,
S. F.; SLanley McPherson. 41S9 Twenty
fifth st.. .S. F.; John Hoilis. Gridley:
Mabel Modesto; Jim Barrett. Si3
*T«Tith sL, Oakland; IL CoflTey, Sacra
mento; Ardery. Abraham. Sacramento;
Paul Dunckhcrst, Sacramento; Emma
N*:e, Sacramento: Irving Davis. J47
Fourteenth ave.. S. F.; May Davis, 147
Fourteenth ave.. S. F.; Horace Wall
<£E. J21S Jor.ts.st., S." F.: Joseph Meagh
*r. ZZS Valic-jo et., S." F.; Hazel Tan
¦rait, Alsrr.eda; Florence Wood, San
¦Rafarl: Juarlta Blapn, 273 Thirtieth St.,
S. F.:. Louis Murray. Ross; Maud Rus
sell. Ha'waras; liarry Measlier*. S27
T-vcr.ty-r:^hth Et.. S. F.; Margraret
P.eSdir.. 17;» Setter st., S. F.; Mathew
''ocper, -San Jest; Dorothy Segclel;e,
li.01 Buchanan st., S. F.; B. ElHr.ffwood,
1331 Sanchez St.. S. F.: Elinor Brown,
Kan Raftic!:- Earle Pedjer. 761 Capp St.,
S. F.; Marguerite Haga'n, 1337 Fifteenth
avc..' E.F';- Hazel Tharsirig.' Ellis
St., S. F.; V. Rademacher, 1355 McAlUs
;er st.; S.'F.; Ward During," 2200'Shat
tucUave., Eerkeley; Ethel Nelson/ 217'
Tv/efctyi-ninth st. 4 . S. F.; 'Bessie Huyck.
r^-S&ott st. S. F.; Laura Praeger. 2010
Sutler >-st;.«S.' F.; Bertie Snow. Berke
ley: Frank Edmondson. 2019 Haste St.. .
Berkele<': : Belle Harrison, Sacrafnerito; :
Joe McKinna. Stevenson -St., S. F.; -
Hazel French, 'Stockton;- Ralph Tiltbn,
148 Ninth et:,-S. F.; 'Marguerite 'Bell.'
• 2010 gutter st..-S.F.; Florence' Ireland,
"Oil Sutfef st.y'S. F.; ; - Don Sallows,
j Santa Clara; 'Edward' Younger, -Sacra- -
mento; Ellen MuTray.'New'ca'stle; Bes- •
*ie» Irvine,' Ifvlngton; '. "Nellie- Schulz.
•Pcrterville: Aimee Lombatalade. Gibbs;
Bujtene Dunpa!, ' Oakdale; Emerson
Herreck. Jackson; -Leo Dillon, 28 Cum
berland »L, 'S.F.; Elmer Kennedy. Elk
Grove: Jeannette Chase," Lodi; Kath
t4ne Jorgensen, Salinas; Soher,
1C37 McAllister St.. S. F.; Freda Faude.
2BZ9 McAllister st., S.'F.; Jake Gahre.
4*29 Twenty-third St., S. F.; Irvln An
derson* Watsonville: Leo Curtis, S171
Twenty-Mth St.. S. F.: Earl Dunwoody.
13 50 Valencia st., 6. F.; Rita Rideout.
¦Sti Dolores St., S. F.; George Parisen.
$5 C^fimberlaSd St.. S. F.; Marguerite
-Llngehfels'er. 122 Erie sL, S. F.; Lotta
Koeppe,' 11475 Oak st, S. .F.; Ralph
Brown,- 575. Church St., S. F.; Robb
Brown. S73 Church St.. S. F.; . Eva
Campbell.- Sherwood; Oregon: . Morti
nier Ftehsr, Knywards: JJelen Ramalk.-
Pleasanton ; Harian Frost, .' Alameda ;
Ruth Dubola, 2251 Market 8t, S. F.;
EASY PUZZLES THIS WEEK
These Are the
LucRy 15Q
Prizewinners
June 12.
THE SAN FRANCISCO , SUNDAY . CALL.
NAME PUZZLES
16
Solve the Puzztes,
Fill Out the Coupon
and Send It to
the Fuzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S. F.
To Puzzle Editor. Sunday CUL
San Francisco:
Below In their proper nun-
her* pleaxe find my solution ol
the dirisions of time reproduced
hi this week's name puzzles:
1 m
9
3
3 •••••••••*••••••'««•** m # s • • *
5 ......*..r...
«
• »»»-». »"» ¦ »• »'. m mm .» ¦ i m at .•» '
June 19. 1904.
Street er -'. O. ...............
City
: Lf I win I choose for prtza
(See List of TMzes.1PARIS, June 25.— A fashion novelty
is now the replacing of American veils
behind ; or. around hats ,by tulle or silk
muslin scarfs," falling from the back 6f
the hat to the hem of the dress, then
gathered , gracefully on the shoulder.
This legitimate and happy develop
ment of (the American fashion recalls
the French fifteenth century veils fall
ing behind from conical headdresses. _
Paris Hat's Draped in Scarfs.
. PARIS, June 25.— The French Govern
ment has honored a young American
.woman,' Miss Mary Powers, by pur
chasing , f or r the ' state one .of her pic
tures now onexhibition at the salon
'of the Soclete Nationale des Beaux
Arts. This high distinction entails a
permanent exhibition- of the picture at
the Luxembourg or other state gallery.
rMlss Powers is a member of the Amer
ican Students': Club. , . . - -— :
France Honors American Girl.
The general secretary, two counHlor3
of the prefecture, the chief of police,
the cabinet, the procurator of the re
public at St. Armand, the deputy .pro
curator at Nevers, the director of taxes,
a major of engineers, a captain of gen
d'armerie and the chief ranger of for
ests all got "roaring drunk" at a wed
ding: feast and captured the city.
PARIS, June 25.— The ordinarily
quiet city of Nevers made a record 'in
the :. way of "painting the town red"
recently. A : , .
Officials Go on a Spree.
PARIS, June 25.— Fashions in dogs
change about as often as fashions in
gowns. The prevailing style in canine
pets, since the recent bench show, is
the Chow Chow— not named for a
pickle, but because it comes from
China. The dog is as shaggy as a Spitz
— and looks something like one — with
straight ears and black eyes. It also
bears a certain resemblance to the
Loulou and Griffon, both of which
breeds are to the women of the elegant
world now like last year's bird's nests.
New Fashion in Dogs.
From one of the " Russians it was
learned that there is a regular trade4n
human smuggling on the frontier lines
of Russia and that for the sum of $15
foreign agents undertake to bring these
runaways across, providing them with
clothes in exchange, for the Russian
uniforms, and keeping them out of the
clutches of the- Russian police until
they are able to get a safe distance
from the border. Death is the quick
penalty if any Russian is caught
escaping. . •
' One of the Russians said that hun
dreds of men were hanged In Warsaw
for attempted desertion. ¦
. LONDON, June 25.— Three hundred
Russian conscripts, who have no desire
to join the Czar's forces in the field,
have arrived here on their way to
America.
Russian Conscripts Are Deserting by
Hundreds and Emigrating
to America.
HURRYING AWAY TO
ESCAPE CZAR'S SERVICE
ous high-class real estate agents in
London. The ducal couple have, of
course,, been hunting around for some
time for an available spot in the me
tropolis on which to build an im
pressive town house. It seems, how
ever, that the statement attributed by
some American papers to Mrs. Goelet
that cost would not stop ' her from
providing a residence for her daughter
equal . to Buckingham Palace was
somewhat exaggerated In the cabling
process. Mrs. Goelet will have nothing
to do with the erection of the man
sion, »r>l it may be remarked that the
Duchess of Roxburghe and her hus
band are capable of driving a hard
bargain. The agents of the Duke of
Westminster and Lord Cadogan have
been in communication with the Duke
in . relation to sites in Mayfair and
Belgravia, the two most fashionable
quarter* in London's West End, but
the prices quoted. were in all cases con
sidered too high. A place in Curzon
street close to the new mansion of the
Duke, and Duchess of Marlborough was
suggested, but when it was stated what
the ground rent of the Marlborough
residence had' been the Duchess of
Roxjjurghe declined the offer with
thanks. She fancied a site in Piccadil
ly, opposite the Green Park, but then
the County v Council came along and
acquired it for improvement purposes.
"She is the cutest and hardest to
FLORENCE. Italy, June 25.— The
last of the' old-time brigands, Nicholas
Morro, who used to rob In the pictur
'esque style of story books, Is dead at
the age of 85 in. prison here, where he
was serving a sentence of eleven years
for, attempted murder. He had been
notorious since the times of the Bour
bons of Naples.
j .When clad in velvet uniform and rid
ing his favorite horse he long had been
both the- terror and the idol of the ru
ral population of the Puglie,. where his
generosity.: and attractive manner long
shielded him from the police. He was
caught at last after ? stubborn resist
ance and* sentenced to prison.
/When his time expired he returned to
his native Cerignola, where the popu
lace gave him an enthusiastic welcome,
lnsisting-on'his appearing on the hotel
balcony to make a ¦ speech.
Prison.
Nicholas Morro, a Story-Book Char
¦/'acter, Dies In an Italian
LAST. OF NOTORIOUS
BANDITS PASSES AWAY
POLAND'S ARTIST PRODIGY, WHO HAS WON FAME IN EUROPE'S SALONS.
"Thought made impreslsons in sym
bols and language no longer was pos
sible. The war in which I ' was en
grossed appeared to me as a vast stain
of blood. The future was an indis
tinguishable mass, in which different
epochs loomed like the summits of
a mountain range. Beyond there ap
peared the new horizon where the truth
shone for all."
PARIS, June 25. — Louise Michel,
much broken In appearance from the
severe strain from a recent illness, re
cently gave in the Hotel des Socletes
Savantes in Paris a lecture in which
she described her feelings when she
believed herself to be dying. •
"My will was absolutely gone," she
said. "I observed • myself as dispas
sionately as though I were another
b^ing. All material things became
vague. But my impressions became
powerfully acute — my senses became
externalized, as it were. I recollected a
similar experience I had in New Cale
donia during a cyclone. The heavens
were black, the sea, was black, and it
seemed to me that from the depths of
the sea rose a prof ound ¦ power of at
traction. . It was as if we had existed In
the elements and death was only a re
turn to them. >';v:-" . .
Woman Who Underwent What She
"Thought to Be Experience Tells
of the Feeling.
LOUISE MICHEL EXPLAINS
SENSATION OF DYING
Of his future plans nothing certain is
known. He would like to win the Prix
de Rome; but for that he must become
a naturalized Frenchman, and then. the
dreadful military service (doubly
dreadful to an artistic nature such as
his) would have to follow. Perhaps
when they have once known America
the Stykas will learn to love it and
make it their future home.
At the St. Louis Exposition, in a spe
cial building, Jan Styka will exhibit his
"Quo Vadis" series, together with his
"Golgotha." Tada Styka will be repre
sented by five pictures there, his "Tol
stoi" portrait and four others. . '.
easels and is posed, the son making
suggestions to the father, and the
father generally, carrying them out.
Jan Styka works very rapidly with
powerful brush In long, unwavering
strokes. Tada is more timid, seeking
his medium, choosing between the
many possibilities his vision sees. The
father has gained his effect, broad, ex
perienced, floridj $l?e boy refines, ideal
izing, dreaming with" nervous touch.
And the model sees her dual personal
ity emerging from the two canvases;
and the father's picture flatters her so
that she smiles, but the son's leaves her
pensive.
Father and son live alone together in
their studio of the Place Pigalle, Bohe
mian both. There is ho show of au
thority on the father's side. Tada is
"serious," and needs no guiding hand.
So they work together, and for recrea
tion roam out to see the galleries, the
Luxembourg or Louvre.
It is wonderfully^ interesting to see
them paint simultaneously from the
same model. She sits before their two
He has had his romping, of course,
and recalls with pleasure his bicycling
escapades with Jean de Reszke's son
last summer at St. Jean de Luz. He
rides a horse and enjoys it, and in the
studio can be seen an elastic home ex
erciser, to make him strong, says his
father, since health and strength are
the handmaidens of successful art. But
the truth is, he exists only for , his
work. "Taciturn and solitary," they
termed him at the Jesuits': but it was
no such thing. No morbid limitation,
only an absolute self-devotion.
IS FATHER'S COMPANION/
It can easily be imagined that Tada
Styka does not present many points of
resemblance with other boys of his
age. Small, even for his years (espe
cially in comparison with his father, a
broad-shouldered giant), thin and pal
lid, with the eyes that grasp the vision
of truth and beauty and the mobile
mouth that speaks of limitless poten
tial emotion, he is bright and cheery
when roused, but loves rather to rest In
repose, and is timid because sensitive,
silent because absorbed.
'The boy next did his portrait of
Tolstoi, which was hung in the Paris
salon of last year and created no lit
tle sensation. But he still worked on,
never taking lessons, never having
taken lessons, offering, on the con
trary, advice to his father which
might easily have emanated from a
veteran in the art. Heller, their next
door neighbor, "came in occasionally
and gave him valuable hints, but there
were never any lessons or semblance
of them, for the reason (it is Jan Styka
again who speaks) that this boy of 13
had already acquired his art by natural
gift.
. He has just sent in two canvases to
the salon, which were instantly ac
cepted—a portrait of his father and,
strange and difficult introspection, a
portrait of himself. In the studio,
among other works, there hang two
studies of "Ecce Homo" and a study
of the "Flight of Icarus," not yet fin
ished. There are, too, : innumerable
drawings, as well as several works of
sculpture, including one of a long
haired greyhound, which is wonderful
ly clever. This last manifestation of
his genius is perhaps the most strik
ing of all. The father is not a sculptor,
and bo could not have taught Tada had
he wished. The boy somehow grot hold
of a handful of clay, and when the
dog, a stray pet of the studio, strolled
in, modeled him then and there.
He is also copying Holbein at the
Louvre. A special authorization had
to be obtained for him from the Min
ister of Fine Arts, it not being tht
custom, protested the administration,
to admit children of such tender years.
Another canvas that well Illustrates
the trend of his talent is a Hungarian
battle scene. His father is working
upon a composition, "Bern and Patofl,"
the heroesb of the Hungarian war ol
independence. Tada saw it and de
picted It, too— not in servile imitation,
but as his own, independent vision
saw it. the grouping, coloring and gen
eral plan entirely distinct. "For," he
said naively, "I also would like to be a
Meissonier." - : ; "..; \M
PAINTS TOLSTOI'S PORTRAIT.
and the galloping horse of Vinicius.
And his is not only the execution, but
even the conception and design, sketch
ed from nature or created from imag
ination.
PARIS, June 26. — There soon will
arrive In New York, en route for St.
Louis and the exposition, a painter of
the age of 13 with an established
European reputation already at the
bock of him. A strange boy. as may
be Imagined; an anomaly In every
cense of the word, with nothing of the
characteristics of his years, gifted with,
a talent marvelously mature. His
came is Tada (Thaddeus) Styka.
The little prodigy's father Is Jan
Styka. a painter, known the world over
as the illustrator of Sienkiewicz's "Quo
Vadis." He Is an Austrian subject,
born at Lemberg (Poland), and, left
an orphan at an early age, was soon
studying art and earning his living at
it meanwhile In Vienna and Rome.
He returned home in 1890 and there
painted his magnificent composition
of "Polonia" — his motherland per
sonified by a tortured woman, around
her the great ones among her children
protesting in the face of heaven. This
excited such admiration that a public
subscription was set on foot to pur
chase it and it now hangs in the place
of honor in the Town Hall of Styka's
native city of Lemberg. Any repro
duction of the painting Is forbidden In
Itussia. A friend of the artist at War
saw was discovered with a print of it
in his possession and is still In prison,
jvrhaps in Siberia, for this dire of
fense.
Jan Styka next accepted a commis
sion from Paderewski t© paint the
Crucifixion and spent the entire year
of 1894 in the Holy Land. The result
"was his "Golgotha, the Place of
Skulls."' -which was first shown in
Paderewski's palace at Warsaw, but is
now on its way to St. Louis. He was
also the painter of that huge pano
rama of "Nero's Circus," which was
one of the features of the Paris Ex
position of 1900.
The work, however, which has estab
lished his international reputation
must be held to be the pictures to
¦Quo Vadis." In a series of fifteen
frigantic canvases he has portrayed
the principal scenes of that famous
book with an accuracy, a detail* and
an emotional effect that none but a
penius could attain to.
SOX'S GEXTUS BORN'.
It was during the progress of these
"Quo Vadis" pictures that his son, lit
tle Tada, manifested his talent and fin
ished by convincing his father of it,
sternest and most exacting critic of
them all. M. Styka has five sons. The
other four played with their toys or
indulged in rough and tumble, but
Tada, the eldest, remained In his
father's Etudio, looking with wonder
ing, reflective eyes at the work going
on around him. Then he would pick
up a pencil lying near and without a
word begin to sketch the objects that
caught his notice. Still life, or parts
of his father's paintings, but prin
cipally, first of all, animals, commenc
ing with the domestic cat lying sleep
ing upon a cushion.
The father at first paid no heed,
busy In his own work, and thinking
nothing of these boyish fancies; but
his friends and visitors began to ques
tion and to prophesy. For the boy
was trying now with palette and with
clay— dogs, horses and other animals
still holding his preference as models.
Then he and his father came tp Paris,
the rest of the family remaining in
Poland. Jan Styka had grown used to
his son's companionship, grown used
to his presence in his studio, and so
brought him with him.
In Paris the reproach was made to
Styka that the boy's education was
being neglected, so the father, as he
thought in duty bound, as much
against his own will as his son's, sent
him to the Jesuit Fathers in the Rue
<3e Vaugirard. It is to be feared that
in science and mathematics Tada was
. onsidered inattentive, but he brought
back the gold medal for drawing.
Another development followed. One
day the boy brought to his father a
life-cire canvas depicting his concep
tion of Silenus. the rubicund Baccha
nalian, with the vine leaves in his hair.
It was impossible to dispute further.
The boy at 11 years of age had de
clared himself a born painter.
Tot even then the father was not
quite sure. They were living in that
i*reat block of btudios on the Place
Pigaile. wliieh Puvis de Chavannes and
so many others have rendered illustri
ous. Holler and Gerome were living
next door, and Styka went to see them.
and ask them to judge the work. The
reply was decisive. The Jesuit fathers
saw Tada Styka no more. He came to
live with his father— two comrades (It
is his father's own expression) work
ins together in their art
1 henceforward they abided together,
fellow artists sharing one Etudio. but
certainly equals. It was with the "Quo
VadjB" pictures that they inaugurated
Iheir partnership, for the boy is re
sponsible for no inconsiderable part of
them. All the animals are his— the
Jions and tigers in the arena, the swans
at Asxippa'e feast, Lygia's greyhound
Sire and Son
Will Share
Honors.
Fine Works of
Masters to
Be Seen.
LONDON, June 16.— What might be
called the "eannlness" of the Duke and
Duchess of Roxburghe has of late been
making a profound Impression on vari-
The promised arrival of the artist
Jan van Beers from Paris comes as
most welcome news t» many of the
beautiful American society women in
London, who have hopes of persuading
the master to let them give him sittings
for a portrait. For all this artist's
most notable successes have been with
the portraits of the fair ones from the
United States. His great patron In
England is Lily, Dowager Duchess of
Marlborougb, and it was as a mark of
gratitude to her and her husband that
Jan van Beers gave the famous supper
a few years ago at the Continental Gal
lery, when the late Duke of Marlbor
ough was the guest of honor and John
Alrd.-the great engineer of Nile fame,
was also a special guest. The table
around which the guests sat was oC
crystal, lit up from beneath by electric
lights. The menu was no less than a
foot long and the dinner Itself one
series of surprises. A pie was brought
in and placed before Jan van Beers,
and when this was cut out came a
flight of Java sparrows. Magic lantern
views were thrown upon the ceilinp:.
and for the entertainment of the guests,
artists so varied in methods as Melba
and Florence St. John, the musical
comedy favorite, warbled from behind
a screen. One point always to be re
membered was the profusely befrilled
shirt worn on this occasion by Jan van
Beers— who was the host of some forty*
to fifty men. leading representatives of
all the arts and professions.
The. protege of the Americans in
London and on the" Continent comes to
England, however, not in his capacity
as a great portrait painter; but. on the
contrary, to hold an exhibition of hid
landscape work at the Dowdeswell
Galleries, for he is most anxious to
prove that the man who is a portrait
painter can also be a landscapist.
If King Edward had his own way ha
would divide his time about equally
between sport and science. It is not
generally known that he is an enthu
siastic weather prophe* and when he
had the time he was a devoted student
of geology. Since he came to the throne
he has had each of the royal residences
fitted up with an observatory, and on
clear nights he occupies some hours on
the roofs studying and observing the
heavens. For a private observatory the>
one at Frogmore is one of the most
scientifically equipped In Europe. When
his Majesty is not in residence there,
he insists that a copy of the special
report of the observations be sent to
him each day, and these he carefully
compares with corresponding periods
during previous years. His medical ad
visers know that his meteorological en
thusiasm has cost him many a severe
cold.
The Hon. John Lee Carroll of Mary
land was, during his stay in England,
a constant visitor to the House of
Commons, where he evinced much in
terest In the debates. He appears to
have friends among all sections of poli
ticians. One evening he was the guest
of John Redmond, the leader of the
Irish party, the next day he was es
corted by Major Seeley, who is In re
volt against the Tories on the subjects
of Chinese labor in South Africa and
the fiscal policy of Joseph Chamberlain,
while later on In the evening he was
the guest of the Prime Minister at the
Carlton Club.
Coombe Abbey at Coventry, where
Lord and Lady Craven have hitherto
spent most of their time, will not be
entirely deserted. Mrs. Bradley-Martin
will be there or at her place in Scot
land, when she is not in London. It
Is not her intention to set up a Lon
don establishment for some time, and
when she has occasion to come to Lon
don she will stay at some of the fash
ionable family hotels. She is getting
tired of the increasing excitement of
the London season, and her intention
is to live more in the country in the
future. If she had her choice she
would prefer Lord Craven's other
place In Berkshire, but his Lordship's
connection with the Berkshire Yeo
manry makes it necessary for him to
reside there during a portion of th*
year. Coombe Abbey Is an expensive
place to maintain, and as it is the
intention of the Martins to live quietly
for some time it is not expected that
they will spend much of their time
there. The fact that the servants, ex
cept those who will be transferred to
Chesterfield House, are about to be dis
charged is taken as an indication that
Coombe Abbey will not see many so
cial function* - for lame. time. 'What
ever entertaining the Martins do dur
ing the present year will be done dur
ing the shooting season at their Scotch
home In Invernesshlre.
please of all the American women that
ever we have had to deal with," said a
leading house and estate agent. "If
she wants land at her price she must
go into the country."
Through .the generosity of hii
mother-in-law Lord Craven has after
some years of waiting become pos
sessed of a mansion in London. Mrs.
Bradley-Martin has presented her for
mer town house to her daughter, and
the present season will see the Coun
tess and her husband entertaining on
a liberal scale. Since their marriage
Lord and Lady Craven have been pre
cluded from taking much part in the
London season simply because they had
no town house. Her Ladyship is not
given to extravagance and could not
see the sense of paying the extortion
ate rents demanded in the West End.
Duchess of Roxburghe "Cute,"
but a Hard Bargainer,
Say Dealers.
TADA STYKA, FAMOUS PRODIGY ARTIST OF POLAND,
WILL EXHIBIT WITH HIS FAMED FATHER AT ST. LOUIS
SAN- FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUNE 26, 1904:
Pages 17 to 20
Pages 17 to 20Independent Foresters.
During the last week the courts of
this city elected delegates to the High
Court, which is to meet in Ban Diego.
There was a contest in all the courts,
•a thejrfejwere qaauz who wanted to be
National Union.
El Capitan Council of the National
Union at its meeting on the third
Thursday in June received several,ap
plications for membership and after
the transaction of routine business vis
ited San Francisco Council for the
Modern Woodcraft.
At the meeting of Goodfellowship
Camp of the Modern Woodmen of
America last week the team of Forest
ers appeared for the first time in new
uniforms of Lincoln green to assist in
the adoption work. Thfa added much to
the lmpresslveness of the work when a
large class of strangers were adopted
for this and Occidental Camp. Th^ie
¦was a large number of the neighbors
. of the two camps present and after the
adoption there were a number of ad
dresses, In which the officers and the
team were praised for the rendition <>f
the ceremonies.
At the last held meeting of the
Camp of Royal Neighbors, the ladies'
branch of the order, there* was a good
attendance and four strangers were
adopted ir» a very Impressive manner.
The oracle was given special praiae
for the manner in which she delivered
her charge.
The camps of this city and those of
Alameda County are busy preparing f"~
the reception of the head coun»«l i»
Eagles' Hall July 7.
¦
American Foresters.
Grand Sacretary John J. cordy and
Editor Jacob Label of the American
Forester Review returned last week
from a two weeks' vacation in Colorado,
during which time they attended the
session of the Grand. Court of that
State. ,
There will be a meeting of delegates
from the local court in the Alcazar
building to-morrow night for the pur
pose of making arrangements for a
large class Initiation In celebration of
Foresters' day, August 15.
During the past week Grand r-^^rd
ing Secretary Dr. Charles M. Tropp
man and Grand Trustee Daniel leare
paid a visit to Court Verano in Q £
land on the occasion t of services neld
by that court in memory of those of Its
members who passed away during the
past twelve months.
Last week the Grand Recording Sec
retary paid an official visit to Court
de France and after witnessing, the
work as exemplified by the officers, de
livered a congratulatory address. He
also visited Junior Pride Court of t':e
Golden West and gave the young For-
Order of Pendo.
Supreme Councilor A. P. Tugwell re
turned last week from Los Angeles and
Pasadena with fifty applications in his
pocket to have the supreme medical di
rector pass on them. He reports the
councils of the order in the southern
part of the State as particularly active.
Home Council of this city will have
an open meeting and social in the Red
Men's building to-morrow evening, at
which time there will be a programme
of songs, music and literary numbers.
H. F. Trump has been appointed as
an organizer for the order and will de
vote his time to organization work in
this city.
Grand Secretary Terry and Grand
Treasurer Stanley visited the council In
Woodland last week and witnessed the
initiation of a class of strangers.
The officers of Hayward Council in
Hayward were installed last week by
Supreme Medical Director Dr. C. H.
Walworth, assisted by Mrs. A. P Tug
well. The ceremony was followed by a
social evening and the serving of re
freshments.
Last week Alameda Council had a
pleasant social evening and there were
present a large number of people
The Americans.
Washington Asaembly No. 3 of the
Native Daughters.
Piedmont Parlor, N. D. G. W., has
chosen the following named as its offi
cers for the ensuing term: B. Pacheco,
past president; A Bock, president; J.
Jordan. E. Neagle and A. Slegler, vice
presidents; C. Engelhart, marshal; B.
Wood recording and G. Biber financial
secretary; A. Arroge, treasurer; M.
James and R. Siegler, sentinels; M.
Form. M. Sewell and A. Mosher, trus
tees; J. C. Brown, organist. Miss J.
Jordan and Miss Winnie Mulvery were
elected delegates to the Gi;and Parlor.
Osa Parlor No. 143 of. Tuolumne re
cently gave a ball that was a great
success in every way and one of the
local papers says that "it was the
nicest ball ever given in Tuolumne."
The members of the parlor in Palo
Alto will take part in the Fourth of
July celebration in that place.
Gabrielle Parlor No. 139, N. D. G. W.,
gave its first anniversary ball in Golden
Gate Hall on the evening of Wednes
day, June 22. An active committee, of
which Olive A. Wood was the chairman,
arranged an up-to-date programme of
dances, and an attentive floor commit
tee saw to it that the members and
their friends had a most pleasant even
ing of entertainment.
\A new parlor of {he order was insti
tuted in Palo Alto last week with a
Native Sons.
The following have been elected as
the officers of Stanford Parlor, N. S.
G. W. f for the ensuing term: Joseph
W. Hardiman, past president; Carl T.
Granz, president; T. I. Fltzpatrlck, first
vice president; William M. Maguire,
second vice president; Leo J. McMahon,
third vice president; Fred H. Jung, re
cording secretary; Joseph G. Cox,
financial secretary and treasurer; Hen
ry A". Calahan, marshal; , Joseph M.
Campodonlco, P. J^Weniger, trustees;
Joseph Greenberg, L. D. Bacigalupi, M.
D.; E. E. Brownell, M. D.- (V E. R. Bry
ant, M. D.; Edwin Bunnell, M. D.;
Washington Dodge, M. D.; A, H. Gian
nini, M. D.; H. B. Kugeler, M. D.; B.
McElroy, M. D.; A. McLaughlin, M. D.;
William Fletcher McNutt Jr., M. D.;
George P. Purlenky, M. D.; John M.
Williamson, surgeons.
Grand President Charles E. Mc-
Laughlin and Grand Secretary Charles
H. Turner paid a visit last, week to the
parlor in Ukiah, where they spent some
time in talking to the members as to
the necessity of renewed activity.
They also paid official visits ap fol
lows: To Upper Lake,,June 22; Kelsey
ville, June 23; Lakeport, June 24, and
Middletown, June 25. These localities
in Lake County are in the visiting dis
trict assigned to Grand Treasurer John
E. McDougald.
. The Past Presidents' Association will
take part in the celebration at Palo
Alto July 4.
The late S. A. D. Jones of Pacific
Parlor, who died recently of disease
contracted while on a visit to the Ha
waiian Islands, was a very active mem
ber of the order. He was a charter mem
ber of Pacific Parlor, .he author of the
Improved Red Men.
Monadnock Tribe of the Improved Or
der of Red Men has during the present
term adopted twenty-one strangers.
The tribe is making arrangements to
adopt a class of twenty-five palefaces
on the first Friday in July, at which
time the degree team will appear in
new costumes.
Great Chief of Records Bliss, during
the past week visited Ouray Tribe, on
which occasion there was work In the
adoption degree. This tribe and others
of Santa Clara Valley will take part in
the great fraternal parade in Palo Alto
July 4.
Manzanita Council of the Degree of
Pocahontas had a social in Golden Gate
Hall last weel^ which was well attend
ed. The affair was admirably conduct
< 1 under the direction of the social
committee of the council, with Mrs.
Ida E. Wheeler as chairman. William
Winter was the floor manager.
Potomac Council had a very enjoya
ble evening In the Assembly Hall of
the Red Men's building last week.
Vernon A. Smi^h Is organizing a sub
ordinate of the order in Arcata, Hum-
Loldt County.
Past Pocahontas Capjtola Reldsma of
ioka >~ouncil,' Vallejo, Is enjoying a va
cation at Tacoma, Wash.
Great Pocahontas Minnie Betts is in
the, southern part of the State, where
she. will remain 'for about six weeks.
During her stay there she will visit
a number of the councils.
Knights of Honor.
Liberty Lodge of the Knights of
Honor at its meeting last week initi
ated two strangers and it has pros
pects of initiating several more in the
next thirty days.
Ivy Lodge had several applications at
Its last* held meeting.
The Past Dictators' Association will
at its next meeting appoint a new com
mittee to arrange for another social
events for its members, the members
of the order and their friends. At that
meeting, which will be on the first Sat
urday in July, the preliminary steps
will be taken for the organization of a
ladies' auxiliary with the idea of hav
ing that body assist the lodges on the
occasion of social events.
Special Deputy Barnes reports suc
cess in Salinas and Castroville.
A report from Los Angeles announces
sixteen initiations in the past five
weeks.
Royal Arcanum.
The members of the local councils of
the Royal Arcanum celebrated Arca
num day last week by a theater party
at the Alcazar. There were many of
thp Arcanumites present and all en
joyed "Lover's Lane."
Argonaut Council of this city has is
sued the Arcanum Bulletin, edited by
M. S. de Roco, the genial secretary, and
printed by G. B. Tuley, the regent of
the council. It is a neat publication
filled with bright paragraphs for the
instruction of members as to what Ar
gonaut Intends to do during the month.
George W. Schindele, the vice regent
of this council, while" examining a
building a short time sine- ' from
the roof and was badly bruised, but
fortunately not seriously injured..
The three councils of Alameda County
joined last week In the celebration of
the anniversary of the order, on which
occasion there was a pleasing' musical
and literary programme and dancing in
Maple Hnll, Oakland.
Grand Regent Jones is preparing his
official prize circular In which he will
offer prizes for individual and council
work.
Reports from the southern part of the
State and particularly from Los Ange
les, show that the membership in that
section cf the State is particularly ac
tive and that it is doing a great deal
for the advancement of the organiza
tion.
goodly number of charter members by
Deputy Grand President at Large
Eliza D. Keith, P. G. P., assisted by
Grand President Ella Caminetti, Grand
Secretary Laura J. Frakes and others.
Mrs. Ella Caminetti, recently elected
grand president, has already given
proof that she will be "the" president
during the current term. When told
by some members of the order who be
lieve that they are "a power behind the
throne" that she "must not" appoint
this one or that one on committees,
and that if ehe did certain things would
be done at the next Grand Parlor, she
said in a very quiet and polite manner
that the constitution gave her *he
right to appoint the committees and
that she proposed to make her own se
lections, notwithstanding the threats.
She declared that she would, with all
the knowledge she has of the order, do
all that can be done to advance the or
ganization and to guarantee equal Jub
tice to all members. ',
At the recent session of the Grand
Parlor in Pacific Grove'a pretty com
pliment, was paid to the worth of Grand
Secretary Laura J. Frakes by increas
ing her salary $25 a month.
Pythian Knights.
Alemania Lodge of the Knights of
Pythias tendered a reception to George
E. Church, supreme prelate of the order
and Superior Judge of Fresno County.
In its lodgeroom in the Pioneer building
on the evening of June 15. On that oc
casion Judge Church, who is an orator
having no equal In the order, addressed
the members of the lodge and visitors
on "Pythlanism."
A new company of the Uniform
Rank. K. of P., was recently mustered
in at Willits and another at Paso Ro
bles.
San Francisco> Lodge will, tender a
reception to Grand Chancellor Burna
and Past Grand Chancellor Sargent
during the month of July.
Unity Lodge has arranged for a jinks
on the evening of June 30.
A new lodge has been instituted in
Loyalton with C. W. Anderson as
chancellor and A. J. Wilson as keeper
of records and seal.
NOTED MEMBERS OF
THE LOCAL FRATER
NITIES.
Fraternal Brotherhood.
Progress Lodge of the Fraternal
Brotherhood, at its meeting on the third
Friday in June, had a large attendance
in its hall in the Red Men's building.
Four candidates were initiated in a
very Impressive manner, H. C. Lewis
acting as president. President-elect
Barclay being unable to accept the
position, there was created a vacancy
which was filled by the efection of Past
President Dr. Hubbell, one of the most
efficient officers the lodge has ever
had. At the close of the lodge the
gentlemen members who vrere defeated
in a contest with the lady members, in
vited all to the banquet hall,' where a
fine collation was served, and the as
semblage was addressed upon call by
Dr. Hubbell, toastmaster; by H. C.
Lewis, General Organizer Colonel Stone,
President Smith of San Francisco
Lodge, President Pearson of Progress
Lodge, Treasurer Thayerj Mr. Dela
han, E. C. Stock and Mrs. Hubbell.
'Afterward all returned to the lodgeroom
and danced for an hour.
Colonel Stone, supreme organizer for
the order in this district, has offered a
cash prize of $25 to each of the follow
ing named lodges, if such will initiate
twenty-five strangers on or before the
Installation of officers in July: Prog
ress, Columbia, .Mission and San Fran
cisco.
During the past week Yerba Buena
Lodge was quite active in initiating
candidates.
H. I. Brewer has been appointed spe
cial organizer for Columbia Lodge and
J. Maddy organizer for the district of
Albuquerque, N. M., vice J. A. Smith,
who has removed from the district.
The officers of San Francisco and
Progress lodges will be jointly installed
In Native Sons' building on the evening
of July 8. On that evening it is ex
pected that a class of fifty strangers
will be initiated.
On the 6th of July Dr. A. B. Hubbell,
assisted by the degree team of Progress
Lodge, will install the officers of the
lodge in Oakland.
The Golden Eagles.
California Castle No. 1 of the Knights
of the Golden Eagle will celebrate the
twentieth anniversary of its institution
by giving members a trolley ride on
the night of June 30. As that will be
a full moon night it is expected that
there will be a large number in the
party. The affair will blunder the di
rection of George H. Bumm, C. H. Da
vis, H. W. Gantner, Fred Amman and
W. C Macdougall. The castle, which
is in a nourishing condition, has for
several months past had degree work at
every session. The castle will elect of
ficers June 29 and the Installation will
be by Deputy Supreme Chief George A.
McGowan on July, 6. This subordinate
has created a new side degree called
"The Buzzards," which is doing much
to attract the membership to {.he meet
ing place in the Native Sons' building.
Sir Knight Fred Amman, who recent
ly went East, while there was present
ed a beautiful badge by the supreme
chief in recognition of the services he
has rendered the order in California,
and at the same time he \vas*appointed
supreme organizer for this State.
A new paper called the Golden Spur
is now being printed by Past Supreme
Chief D. V. Moore at Sidney, Or. It
is sent to every knight in the order.
. A new castle called Lawton was re
cently instituted in Manila. P. I., with
more than one hundred charter mem
bers. The members of that castle pro
pose to organize a commandery.
purpose of taking part in a progressive
game of whist.
Mission Council had a pleasant meet
ing on the third Tuesday in June and
on the same night El Dorado Council
also had a good meeting. Harry L.
Simon of this council, who was serious
ly injured in . an accident several
months ago. ie recovering rapidly.
Genera! Deputy Joseph A. Wilson,
who was recently appointed to that of
fice, ic actively at work and is a con
stant attendant at each meeting of the
council. He continues to ask each
member if he "has got that man?" Mr.
Wllpon was a member of California
Council No. 530. and it was not long
before ho gave evidence of being a very
active fraternal man. After a time
he was induced to transfer from that
council to El Capitan No. 997 to help it
along, and in this he was very success
ful. He has been its president, and
while working for its advancement was
the winner of several prizes offered by
the cabinet to those bringing in the
greatest number of candidates within
stated periods. He was chosen to suc
ceed J. N. Bunting and since he has
been in his new office has proved that
ht» is the same active Wilson he always
has been. •
chosen to take a trip to the southern
part of the State.
Supreme Deputy Chief Ranger
Stewart visited the court in San Ra
fael recently for the purpose of en
thusing the membership to more ac
tive work.
Last week the high officers of the
Independent Order of ForeBters who
reside north of Tehachapl, went to
Los Angeles for the purpose of attend
ing a session of the High Court stand
ing committee of the order. On the
evening of the first day's session the
members of the High standing com
mittee were entertained in the hail of
Court Los Angeles. On that occasion
the members of the committee were es
corted to the meeting place from the
hotel by the Royal Foresters, two
companies, 200 strong, in new uni
froms, and were preceded by the For
esters' band, attracting a great deal of
attention. At the hall there was a pro
gramme of eighteen numbers, but it
was discovered that the night was not
long enough to give it in its entirety,
and it was decided that the unfinished
numbers be given at a reception the
following nisht by Court Morris Vine
yard. High Vice Chief Ranger G. Q.
Stewart of this city delivered an inter
esting address, and Ed N. Cameron,
also of this city, the high treasurer,
was announced by the chairman of the
evening to speak on the finance of the
order, but the audience would not have
it. All had heard of Cameron as a
story teller and an entertainer, and
when he arose in response to the chair
man's invitation, the audience in one
voice called out, "Cut it out.""Put it on
ice, it'll keep," "Give us some stories."
The high treasurer, who does not have
to be struck by a Japanese bomb to
take a hint, dropped the figures of the
order and told the audience a half
dozen brand new stories, and when
he retired was called to the front again
and had to tell half a dozen more. There
were, other speakers who entertained
the assemblage until It was time to
partake of a collation.
The following night there was a re
ception in the court room of Court Mor
ris Vineyard, when there was speech
making by the visitors from the north,
an entertainment and then a banquet,
at which the members of the high
standing commute from the south were
heard for the good of the order, the
principal speaker being High Chief
Ranger WJrsching.
The Royal Foresters have entered
into a prize drill contest with the Uni
form Rank of the Knights of Pythias,
the uniformed teams of the Fraternal
Brotherhood and the uniformed team
of the Woodmen of the World.
The Los Angeles board of deputies
has started a series of booster metings
which will continue for three months.
California No. 1, the mother lodge
of the Rebekahs In California, had a
largely attended meeting last week, in
celebration of the thirty-foar'h anni
versary of its institution. The hall
was tastefully decorated for the occa
fion and among the many present there
were a limited number of specially in-
i ited guests. Mrs. Dora L. Gardner,
president of the assembly, was invited,
but was, owing to illness, unable to be
present. She sent her regrets. After
the lodge was closed there was a march
to an adjoining hall, where a banquet
wa» iserved to more than one hundred.
At the head of the table sat two of
the charter members, Mrs. Mary A.
Hawley and Mrs. Johanna Weiser. The
supper having been discussed many
pleasant words of congratulation were
tpoken by those who were called upon
by Captain M. A. Samuels, the toast
master. The ipeakers were Mrs. Haw
ley, who gave an interesting history of
the lodge; Pa«t President of the As
sembly Mrs. Alma Iscbelle Jensen, who
told of the trials and the pleasures of
a president during her term; Mrs.
FJora Burgman, pa.«t district deputy;
JiecreUry of the Assembly Mm.
Mary E. Donoho who told "Why
We are Rebekahs"; District Dep
uty Mrs. Dora Baker; Charlotte
Gibson, noble grand <f Jubilee Lodge;
Captain Allie Parker of the Rebekah
Drill Corps; Vice Grand Mr?. Deitz of
Oriental Lodr«-: Vice Grand Maude
Dennett of Templar Lodge; Past Noble
Grand Lottie R. Carson and E. C.
Htock. During the evening those mem
bers of the order who were on the staff
of Past District Deputy Mrs. Flora
Burgman, through Alice B. Currier,
presented that lady with a diamond set
three-link «tick pin, and then Captain
Samuels, on behalf of the seven lodges
of which Mrs. Burgman was deputy
in District No. 5, presented her, as a
token of admiration and fraternal love,
a valuable diamond (sunburst pin. It
i> the first instance in this city of the
lodges of one district joining together
to give a retiring deputy a token of
this character. The recipient made a
touching reply, thanking the contribu
tors for their appreciation of her work.
Mrs. Jensen, who but a short time since
retired from the office of president of
the assembly, was by California Lodge
presented, in token of its admiration
of htr, a large^ crayon portrait of her
self, beautifully framed. Flowers were
presented to a large number of those
present.
Mission Rebekah Lodge on the third
Saturday in June hart a very enjoyable
entertainment and dance in Excelsior
Hall. The affair was under the direc
tion of Dr. Coburn, Messrs. McPherson
and Graves. For the diversion of the
members and guests tnere was a pro
gramme by the following members:
Trio. Mrs. Pracy. M. Herrick and M.
Brunner; bass solo, Richard Lester;
cornet *olo, M. Hawkins; vocal selec
tions. Miss Alice Leahy; recjtatlon,
Mrs. L- Olsson; vocal solo, Miss^Soule
man; one-act farce, by Mrs. North and
Miss Burkhart; comic ppecialties, Hen
ry W. Osthoff: song. N. E. Wlgham.
Past Noble Grand Mrs. W. W. Barnes
of Mission Rebekah Lodge left last
wrek for Ferndale. Humboldt County,
which will be her future home.
Mrs. Aurelia Bennett, mother of Mrs.
Eola M. Cyrus, one of the most prom
inent members of Loyal Lodge, died in
Calistoga last week.
Mrs. Mary E. Donoho, secretary of
the assembly, will leave the city for a
week's vacation during the latter part
of the current month.
Jubilee Lodge of the Rebekahs gave
a. party in its hall last week In aid of
• the Orphans' Home at Gilroy. There
was a. good attendance and it is ex
pected that quite a sum will be realized
for the benefit of the parentless chil
dren.
present ritual, and the designer of the
regalia now in use.
The parlor in Richmond, Contra Cos
ta County, initiated a class of candi
dates last week.
All the parlors in this city are pre
paring for the installation of officers
during July.
The Native Sons' Hall Association,
of which J. B. Stovall is chairman, has
recently made many repairs to the
building. Among these has been the re
wiring of the entire structure and the
placing of ventilators in such places as
now carry away the heated air in the
main assembly hall above the roof
without creating draughts The as
sociation has during.' the term of the
present officers, In addition to expend
ing a great deal of money in making
improvements, reduced the mortgage to
$43,dbo.
esters a very interesting and instruct
ive address. In appreciation of Dr.
Troppman's interest in the court he
was elected the court's physician. He
also visited the court at Santa Rosa
. officially and Court General Lawton,
where ho gave ample proof of his ora
torical powers.
Under instructions from Grand Chief
Ranger Foley. Past Grand Chief Ran
ger E. I. Wolfe and Grand Recording
Secretary C. M. Troppman, two of the
spellbinders of the order, will pay a
visit to Court Rafae.1 at San Rafael on
July 13 to enthuse the membership.
General Organizer J. W. Emrick is
at this time visiting all of the local
courts In the interest of the monster
initiation to be held in August.
The Eastern Star.
Starr King Chapter of the Order of
the Eastern Star at its meeting Ia3t
week conferred the degTee of the order
upon six eligibles, thereby increasing
the membership to ninety-nine, which
the members think is a good showing
for a chapter that will not be three
years old until next September. There
were present many from the other
chapters to witness the rendition of
the beautiful work in a most accepta
ble manner. After the close of the
chapter a collation was served.
The grand matron has returned from
her visits In the north and has gone to
her home in Los Angeles. From there
she will visit chapters in that section
of the State.
Beulah Chapter will have work in the
initiatory line at its next meeting.
At its next meeting Ivy Chapter will
have several candidates to receive th*
degree of the order, when the work will
be done by the officers of Mission Chap
ter.
San Francisco Chapter at its last held
meeting had a pleasant evening after
the transaction of ordinary business.
Woman's Relief Corps.
James A. Garfield Relief Corps. W.
R. C. was at Its last held meeting vis
ited by members of Lincoln. Meade.
Lyons and other corps and members of
James A. Garfield Post, G. A. R. At
the close of the business session ther^
was an Informal service commemora
tive of the late Margaret Dillon, a
charter member of the corps, who at the
time of her demise was one of the color
bearers. The chair that was wont to
be occupied by Mrs. Dillon was covered
•with crape and decorated with ever
greens and flowers. There were appro
priate remarks eulogistic of the serv
ice rendered by Mrs. Dillon and songs
befitting the occasion.
Subsequently the announcement was
made that Past President Mrs. Sarah
H. "Wilson would soon leave for the
East and she was Informed that the
corps will miss her and at the same
time she was wished a pleasant Jour
ney, after which there was a collation
and then the presentation to Past Com
mander Cohn of the post of a beautiful
embroidered table spread, It having
been decided that he was the one en
titled to receive It.
Americans was instituted in this city
last week by Director General H. <\
Lewis. This assembly is started with
forty-three names on the petition for a
charter, the signatures to which wer«
secured by Organizer F. L. O'Reilly.
The new subordinate will elect its om
cers to-morrow evening at a meeting to
be held in the offices of the director
general In the Parrott building.
California Assembly *>o. 1 at its
meeting last week had a class of eleven
to initiate, after which there was a
pleasing musical and literary pro
gramme under the direction of the so
cial committee.
Oakland Assembly No. 2 at Its meet
ing last week initiated ten strangers
and after the work of the evening hai
a programme of entertainment and th*
serving of refreshments.
An organizer Is laying the foundation
for two assemblies in oanta Clara
County, and George Lee, who is work
ing In Los Angeles County, reports that
he will soon have several assemblies
ready for institution.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 20. 1904.
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
18Ufe on Arid Plains^
A complete- solution of the myste
rious strength of desert plants will
prove of great economic value to the
United States aside from the important
Information It will give regarding the
fundamental processes of protoplasm.
Id former times bands of roaming
Indians inhabited the desert regions of
the Southwest. They lived in com
parative abundance, and yet the -oun
try we s no less arid than It i= to-day.
Doubtless they obtained food from the
plants of the desert Just •" easily ; s
the Papago Indian obtains drinklns
water frori the barrel cact ¦
White men can do likewise as soon
as they understand these plants, an-J
will find many practical uses for the
cactus and yucca.. An understanding
of the source of strength of desert
plants will also enable the farmer who
irrigates his semi-arid land to judge
how much water to apply and how
often in order to gain the best results.
It will also help him to develop alkali
and drought-resistant types and thus
to reclaim- new areas.— National Geo
graphical Magazine.
The Columbia will be "dark" this
week after a season of unprecedented
brilliance. The opening attraction after
the two weeks during which the theater
will remain closed will be Ethel Barry
more, who comes in a delightful com
edy, according to repute, entitled
"Cousin Kate."
* • •
Mrs. Leslie Carter in "Du Barry"
down at the Grand Opera-house still
continues one of the season's sensation
ally successful engagements. This will
be her third and last week.
» * •
The Tivoli has the success df its ca
reer in the excellent "Robin Hood" now
running? Its run promises to be Indefi
nite.
White Whittlesey, whose name has
frequently floated this way in favorable
comment of late, begins his usual sum
mer season at the Alcazar to-morrow
Mr. Whittlesey's play will be
the attractive comedy in whichRobert
Edeson was last seen here, "Soldiers of
Fortune."
The poor burlesque of the week at
Fischer's makes evident what a really
good company the burlesque house has
gathered together. "The Mormons"
owes all of Its scant Interest to the
players concerned. It is, however, en
livened with some excellent specialties.
The Central will present a religious
drama this week for a change, entitled
"The Power of the Cross." /
Valerie Bergere, the piquant young
woman who appeared to such ad
vantage in "Billle's First Love," a little
sketch done at. the Orpheum a couple
of years ago, will head the 'Orpheum's
bill this week in a sketch called "His
Japanese Wife." Miss" Bergere, whose
Japanese girl In Belasco's playlet was
lady of last season, his daughter-in
law, will continue to hold that position
next season also.
Annie Russell is to star In Australia
for sixteen weeks and her repertoire
will include all her former successes
and also a new play. The engagement
begins in the, spring of 1905, after Miss
Russell has concluded her San Fran
cisco date.
William Norris is reported to have
made a great success In "A Business
Man," by Lee Arthur, author of "The
Auctioneer," which this play strongly
resembles.
It is reported that Jack London's
novel. "The Sea Wolf," is to be drama
tized for Richard Mansfield by Cbar'ea
Henry Meltzer.
Louis Mann, recently of , Weber and
Fields, signed a contract recently with
C. B. Dillingham. by which he is to be
starred for five years, beginning next
season. The vehicle used is to be a
straight comedy without music.
Mrs. Patrick Campbell produced, in
Camden Town, England, June 6, a new
play called "Warp and Woof,'' writ
ten by the wife of the Colonial Secre
tary, Alfred Lyttel ton. The play, writ
ten to draw attention to the overwork
and the temptatic/ns of shop girls in
large dressriiaking establishments,
while being clever, and earnest, is said
to be overdrawn.
Jules Murry has selected Max Fig
man to play the part of Sir Reginald
in "The Marriage of Kitty" and he
will be starred In conjunction with
Bettina Gerard.
Mme. Bernhardt is to. produce a
play, called "Varenhes," *ln Paris next
fall, in which she is to assume the
character of Marie Antoinette.
Marie Cahlll's new production for
next season is to be a musical comedy
by Edwin Wilton Royle, George V.
Hobart and Silvio Heine.
John S. Duss, the band leader, Is to
take his band to Europe next season
to fill an engagement there.
"The Merry Wives of Windsor" was
revived at ~ His Majesty's Theater in
London last week with Ellen Terry as
Mrs. Page and Beerbohm Tree's Fal
staff.
The advance sale of seats for Richard
Mansfield's three nights' engagement
in St. Paul aggregates over ten thou
sand dollars. ;
'Aubrey Boucicault has been selected
as leading man for Margaret Anglin
next season. . ; ,
Madame Rejane was booked to be
gin her London season laet week In a
new French play. ,'V;
Ada Kenan's season will be for only
sixteen weeks, commencing in October,
and she will play only the large cities.
"The Country Girl," "The Twelfth
Night" and "The Taming of the
Shrew" will be included in her reper
toire. v^J
The story of an „ industrious press
agent. in Denver recently that Maude
Fealy is to.be Henry Irving's leading
lady next season has met with a
strenuous denial. Mr. Irving's leading
CHAT ABOUT PLAYERS
AND THEIR MOVEMENTS
' "~ AT HOME AND ABROAD
famous in New York, should be pecu
liarly, well fitted for the part.
Trask and Rogers, minstrel lights,
and Lamont's Australian trained cock
atoos will shine at the Chutes this
week.
The California is dark, to open next
August for the 1904-1905 season.
"Was this in your Bostonian days?" I
asked.
"Partly. I was first one year with '.
them, and then another two," the sing
er replied.
"Did you begin with them?" I asked.
"Dear, no," Miss Bertram replied. "I
began, if you please, with Herr Hein
rich Conried — came out here on my first
visit with him in 'The King's Fool.' "
"No, really?" I cried. "Tell me about
it. It was, of course, an operatic com
pany?"
"Yes," the singer said; "not very im
portant, not at all famous, pretty poor
financially. We had to wait not a few
times for pay day; we always got it,
though. But I think we did some pret
ty good work. Ah, if I had only done
as Mr. Conried advised!"
"Worked hard, I suppose?"
Miss Bertram nodded a wistful "yes"
and went on then to say: "Mr. Conried
taught me all I know, and If I'd done
as he told me I should have been — well,
not in vaudeville. He wanted me to
study for such parts as Fritzl Scheff
takes, and— who knows?"'
"Who knows?" I echoed.
"Yes, I fcsed to walk for Mr. Con
ried two hours a day—"
"To walk?"
"Yes, like this," Miss Bertram laugh
ed, and she got up and ambled across
the room, even as you and I would
if we were told to trot for an audience.
It was very funny, not funnier, how
ever, than to see her lift her arm as
I suppose you and I would for critical
company.
"And Mr. Conried does not forget
his old friends," Mis3 Bertram went on
to testify. "He has time for every
body. I went In to see him not so
long ago, and, busy as he was, he
would hardly let me come away. I
must listen to Caruso on his phono
graph — "
"Oh, Conried, how could you!" V t
cried.
"It's not lad," the singer laughed,
"I knew the voice in a minute."
"Well, you were with the Bostonlans
after that?"
"With other things between."
"And It was while with them that
you did the chief role in Oscar Weil's
opera?"
" 'A War Time Wedding,' yes," Miss
Bertram said. "We did it first at the
Columbia. It's such a pretty opera.
Yo-u know it?"
"Better, I know its composer," I said.
Then I told Miss Bertram that Mr.
Weil had said very nice things of her
work in the opera, whereat she re
joiced greatly.
"If I had only worked!" she sighed
then. "But there. I've had so much
trouble. One can't," you know, play
seven times a week, rehearse, travel,
and. then study for bigger things and
be in an everlasting peck of trouble
at the same time."
"You look happy enough now—"
"I am," she said, and you would have
beli-jved her. "I was never so happy
in my life. You know — Mr. Morgan and
I liked each other for a long time be
fore—but you don't want to know
that."
"Don't I!"
Then she told me she had been a
widow for five years before she had
married Mr. Morgan— nine months ago
—and several other interesting things
not for publication, ending up by ask
ing: "Are you married?"
"No—"
"You should be," she decided; "it's
the only way to live."
"Thank you." I said, "I'll think about
it." . •
ABUNDANCE OF GOOD
FEATURES .ARE BILLED
FOR LOCAL THEATERS
is easy, the pay is good and that ap
peals to me just now."'
Am I betraying confidence in saying
why the vaudeville conditions appeal?
—at least partly, a little Eastern home,
a father and mother there who look to
the love of a daughter for that which
they can no longer earn for themselves.
At least it*is another facet of the Ber
tram make-up and adds another glint
to the shining cheerfulness that Is its
chief characteristic.
"And how long have you been in vau
deville?" I inquire.
"Twelve weeks," replied the fair vau
devillaine.
"And how long do you intend to stay
in It?". I inquire again.
"About — well about as long as my
husband's patience holds out," she
laughed. "They have booked us to
gether next season" —
"Wha-at!"
"Oh, I mean in the same towns at
the same time," Miss Bertram ex
plained, "we don't appear together in
vaudeville for at least another season!
So you see we can be together in that
way. He'd make me leave the stage if
we couldn't. And that is right. I need
him and-Jie needs me. I don't believe
in these theatrical separations."
"What does Mr. Morgan play next
year?" I asked then, after agreeing
with Miss Bertram as to "theatrical
separations."
"He has a new play of Hall Caine's,
'The Prodigal Son.' It was written for
Mr. Morgan," his wife told me. Then
she put her finger to her lips and said,
"But it's rather a secret ,yet," so you
need not say that I told you.
"Isn't it rather fun to do this?" Miss
Bertram suddenly asked me then. "You
must see lots of queer people — mercy,
don't say that! But I was telling Mr.
Morgan this morning — he was putting
ice on my poor head, by the way — that
your kind of work must be lots of fun.
It must be fun to be clever enough to
do it, isn't it?"
"It is," I replied feelingly; "how
much?"
"I meant it," Miss Bertram avowed
soberly. "I have a little daughter —
you'd better not put that in, though, it
spoils business — who has a talent for
writing. She^ wrote a book review that
was really fine."
"Ah! Henley's daughter," I ex
claimed; "the niece of W. E. Henley?"
Miss Bertram nodded . assent, and
then told me something of her former
husband, the actor Henley — "Ted," the
weak and gifted flower of the Henley
flock. Something also she told of the
crippled W. E. Ifenley, friend of Ste
venson, poet and litterateur, and of the
other brother. "Tony. 7 artist, also with
the queer, unmanageable genius of the
family. They loveS her, Helen (this she
did not tell me), for her'fine kindness
to their erring brother, and seeing her,
I understood. He died after they had
been married four years.
There is a small list of recent addi
tions to the music of the Congressional
Library in Washington that comes J.o
make one more than a little envious.
It includes historical collections, the
complete works of Bach, Beethoven,
Mozart, Handel, Mendelssohn, Pales
trlna, Corelli, Purcell, Schubert, Schu
mann, et al.: full scores of rare and
well kpown operas— "Astorga," Adam;
"Norma," Bellini; "La Dame Blanche,"
WELL-KNOWN SOPRANO, FORMERLY OF "THE BOSTONIANS," TELLS OF HER LIFE IN VAUDEVILLE.
any doubt that they were excep
tionally musical here. Something like
New Orleans, in fact. Remarkably like
New Orleans, now she thought about it.
"That must be the opera," I ex
claimed. "New Orleans has had its
opera just as the Tivoli has given it to
us here, only for a longer period. And
you really found a public like San
Francisco's there?" Miss Bertram has
just "played" New Orleans for two
weeks at their Orpheum.
"Wonderfully like," the singer said,
•quite evidently the result of the same
conditions, the operatic plenty that has
prevailed in both places."
'And now, how do you like vaude
ville?—cross your heJvrt!" I asked the
f< inner Bostcnian.
"I'm crazy about it,", she exclaimed,
every bit of pearl in her mouth gleam
ing cheerful confirmation. "The work
Ask the local caramel contingent who
he the happiest woman in the
world and with one accord they will
twitter, 'Helen Bertram, of .course."
And why? Miss Bertram, one time so
prano of the Boptonlans, now a full
f'odprc-d vaudevillaine. is the wife of
E. J. Morgan. Stupid, ask them an
other!
I haven't had much to dr> with the
wives of matinee heroes— not that the
< n!y Morgan's heroism is by any mean?
confined to the Caramelitps — so 1
k bought I would betake me Orpbeum
v>ard this week to see Miss Bertram.
Oirls, he was there! I dimly mad*
him <^ut in the gloom half a mile or so
uway in the orchestra, as J went in.
The plump shadow at the piano, with a
lagh light on his bald crown, was
«-f course Mr. Rosner. and the tall,
hhaptly apparition at Mr. Morgan's
ride the happiest woman in the world,
Hel.-n Bertram. There was a desultory
rote or two coming from the piano —
not. curtly. "Tossi<?. you are my only.
~o-on!y7" — and then silence. That was
my opportunity. 1 stumbled through
the darkness— such dark, after the
(iazzlinp of the morning sun! — and a
moment later was one of the little
Jlembrandt-like proup about the piano.
And then, piris. I had the honor of
rhaking hards with Mr. Morgan — we
are old acquaintances, -with Mr. Rosner,
ihe cleverest trick orchestra leader I
know of. and with Miss Bertram, the
only stranger of the trio. There was
trouble a-brew 1 discovered. Like many
another explorer of the vaudeville
wilds Miss Bertram had found her
equipment lacking in fitness. Her
songs had been voted o'crtine for the
audience, and she was in search of the
popular ditty. The "Tessie, you are
my only" I had heard has no illusion,
and Miss Bertram came up still hum
ming the thing.
•'How d'ye do?" she laughed, putting
out a warm, substantial hand. The
lijrht glinted or her little white teeth,
and on a pair of the merriest, prettiest,
gypsy gray eyes you would want to
fee. "Tessie, you are my only, only,"
Bbe hummed. "Isn't it comical to sing
that sort of thing? Helen Bertram in
search of a 'chune' — trying to please —
good material, eh?"
"Scrumptious*," I said, "and do you
come before or after the dog?"
"Ju«?t" after," the other sing-er smiled.
"Mike." the week's dog, sings tenor, as
everybody knows.
"An<l what does Mr. Morgan think
about all this?" I asked.
"I know nothing about it," that gen
tleman said. He was sitting on the
orchestra rail and looking rather as
if he would have preferred to be some
where else. Nor did his looks belie
him. Mrs. Morgan told me afterward
that- her husband's objections to her
vaudeville venture were lively, if po
lite, and that she intended to be a good
i?irl soon and give it up.
"I know nothing of music," Mr. Mor
gan hartily deprecated.
. "Only of musicians," I murmured,
noting the prideful glance that flew
over Miss Bertram's way. Girls, it's
no use. Mr. Morgan is MARRIED!
"Are you not," 1 ventured then, tak
ing in. as my c-yes grew more used to
the dark, a very tanned and hand
somely filled out actor, "are you not
getting — er — plump?"
The actor allowed, doubtfully,
"Maybe — but I've just lost sixteen
j>ounds."
Miss Bertram's quick and laughing
"I think he looks splendid. He's just
been roughing it in a Washington log-
King camp," made me understand that
one must not call Mr. Morgan — er—
plump. Nor is he. He is only
plumper.
"It is tremendously becoming,
though," I whispered to the lady, and
then Mr. Morgan left us to our chat.
We went upstairs to the Orpheum
boardroom and took seats at the table
where they decide whether or not the
ISabe! McKinleys are worth their salt —
their very expensive salt.
By the way — about that fabulous
S1250 a week that Miss McKinley was
Kupponed to be paid Jiere and that I
guiltlessly stated she was paid. Well,
she was. We have seen the bond. We
have been (saving up the information
for Borne months to flaunt it afront
of those kindly contemporaries who
accused us of the sin of credulity.
There now! Whether Miss McKinley
was '.vorth it is another question. The
Orpheum folk would, however, take two
of her at the same price any day they
could pet them. So, I suppose, -she
must have been worth the money to
them. At any rate, it was paid, for we
have, seen the bonds!
But all this is not Miss Bertram,
¦w he sits waiting, a comely figures in
her cool gray walking suit, her round,
sparkling face olive against the fram
ing white of her veil.
"Do you ever have to look pleasant
when you're hungry?" Fhe began, as
the artist came in for his loot. "I've
not — "
••you've not breakfasted," I inter
rupted despairingly. "Of course not.
Nobody I have seen lately has break
faetf-d. Will you ttll me why? Just
think how it makes me feel, a hungry
woman — woree, a hungry man! — to in
terview."
Shfe explained, as she posed, smiling
f-asily at the artist's request, that she
had had ?- headache and didn't want
any breakfast, but that she and Mr.
Morgan were to eat after the inter
view. She had been very anxious about
coming here. You see she had not been
here for eo long, and there were always
people to confute who were looking out
for you to lose your voice. And it was
a pretty critical congregation — not par
ticularly the Orpheum's, but the San
Franciscans generally. There wasn't
The fine "Robin Hood" at the Tiv
oli this week almost recociles one to
the fact that there will be ho grand
opera this season. Almost, that is,
especially -since the rumor that Herr
Conried is to bring the Metropolitan
Operi-house company here in the
spring seems likely to be verified. It
is a truly excellent production, from
•i* all points of view. Never before, for
example, have they counted such a
singing cast for comic opera as they
have this week given to "Robin
Hood." Barron Berthald our Con
tinental neighbors spread upon the
grandest of grand opera. He goes
back to Bremen after this season to
do Tristans and things there. Vocal
ly one could ask nothing better than
Mr. 'Berthald's Robin Hood. John
Dunsmure brings a fine broad basso
to the role of Will Scarlett, using it
moreover in a jovial, ample fashion
that leaves no doubt as to his re
source. William Schuster, who has
the role of hid life in Friar Tuck, still
sings a good song, and Arthur Cun
ningham's barytone is as reliable as
ever. One forgets, too, what a really
good little tenor Teddy Webb is. One
could go a long way before finding an
ensemble like that furnished by these
artists.
Dora de Fillippe still possesses the
most valuable voice among the
women. It is full and pentrating and
Miss de Fillippe sings with all her
heart and soul as well as a good level
bead. Kate Condon, the new contral
to, is a very comely damsel, besides
being a charming singer, and is also
an unusually graceful actress. Edith
Mason has more taste than voice —
mayhap also more voice than she
makes use of. But Miss Mason has
still the engaging personality that
made her so well liked in the South
well opera days and is a welcome
member of the new company.
The chorus is simply admirable.
Male and female voices alike are of
the desirable sort, excellently bal
anced, well trained. They sing with all
the spirit in life, and Mr. Steindorff is
to be warmly congratulated on both
the technical excellence of their per
formance and the enthusiasm with
which he has inspired the singers. The
scenic side of things, costuming, set
tings, ranks with the best of the
Eastern productions of the kind, and
Ferris Hartman has covered himself
with glory as a stage manager. Af-,
ter this production of "Robin Hood" it
will be more than ever difficult for the
comic opera road company to "make
good," nor will it be easjvfor the Tiv
oli to live up to its own levels. It
looks "mighty lak" the best thing the
Tivoli folk have ever done.
A word of the new comedian, Wil
lard Sims, who has the famous role of
the Sheriff of Nottingham. Mr. Sims
is an easy and ingratiating comedian,
with enough of a voice and a most
useful fape. He is distinctly clever.
Altogether as the Tivoli gives it, you
can afford to see "Robin Hood" an
other half dozen times. . .
But about that grand opera^ We
get none at the Tivoli this year — only
grand opera. The Conried ru
mors are "splendiferous" — but rumors.
Still, let us pray. And now, would
not this be an excellent year to -bring
up the New Orleans French Opera
Company — to the Alhambra, Mr.
Greenbaum? or to the Majestic, Mr.
Bishop? San Francisco is not used
to going without its grand opera. It
won't like it. It would like the
French opera company, if that com
pany's reception on its last visit here
some years ago is aught to go by. At
any rate the Metropolitan company
does not come — If it does come — until
March next. There is almost all of a
season between now and then. Most
gratefully, I think, some of the time
might be used in listening to the New
Orleans folk.
The company, last season, accord
ing to report, touched its high water
mark, though bad business manage
ment made the season they gave in
New York financially a failure. They
have a repertoire, too, seldom in
fringed upon by the Italians, so that
singers, operas, methods also, would
be new to the local audiences.
There is again the Henry Savage
English Grand Opera Company, that
for some years has been promising a
season here. This, Mr. Savage, is an
acceptable time. Or are there any
wandering Azzali, Lombard!, or other
such grand Italian opera companies,
that will come here to sing, split up
and leave their Collamarinls. Bar
bareschis, Russos, for our after grati
fication? or, perhops, bring with them
a new "La Boheme," with an Agostini
to sing its hero role? 'Tis a good
time to come, and meanwhile the
opera hungry must possess their souls
in patience and take the good "Robin
Hood" the gods have provided..
Boieldleu; "Mefistofele." Boito; "Eu
gen Onegin," "Pique Dame" of Tschai
kowski; "Eliza," Chtrublnl; "Der Cid."
Peter Cornelius; "Don Pasquale."
Donizetti; "Hulda." Cesar Franck:
"Ruslan 1 Ludmllla." Glinka; all of th«
Gluck operas;. "Die Koenigen von
Saba" o,f Goldmark, and Gounod's
"Queen of Sheba"; Halevy's "La
Juive" and "La Reine de Chypre";
"Zampa." Herold; "L'Etranger." Vin
cent d'Indy; "Armide," Lulli; "Joseph."
Mehul; all of the Meyerbeer operas;
some of Offenbach: "La Gioconda" of
Ponchjelli— the only modern Italian
opera; Rossini. "Le Siege de Corinthe":
Ernest Reyer, "La Statue"; Rimsky-
Korsakov. "Sadko" and "May Night";
Saint-Saens, "Phryne." "Samson et
Dalila"; Smetana, "Die Verkaufto
Braut"; "Fernand Cortez." Spontini;
much Verdi; all of the Wagner operas,
and most of Weber's; also, I believe,
the only Hugo Wolf opera. "Der
Corregidor." And this ia only a small
proportion of the full score operatic
collection. ' -i ¦
Then there is a formidable list of
operas with pianoforte scores, oratorio3
and cantatas, orchestral rhusic in full
score and chamber music. Further,
there is an exhaustive collection, of
musical biography, history, works on
harmony, on the physics and philosophy
of music and the like.
With this enviable list comes the fol
lowing letter that, in the belief that its
facts may prove of use to some musi
cians, as they will be of interest to all,
I print. The invitation at the close to
make full use of the library and its
facilities ia open to all musicians:
WASHINGTON. D. C.
Dear Madam: By direction of the Librarian
of Congress I take pleasure in forwarding tu
you a copy of the "Select List of Recent Pur
chases of the Library of Congress" (reprinted
from the Librarian's report for the last fiscal
year), assuming your particQlar interest pos
sibly in that section of the list which ex
hibits the accessions in music (See pp. 80
141.)
The Division of Music In the library was
set apart in the reorganization of the library
in 1837, when all the music that had accu
mulated since the foundation of the. library
in 1SC0 was given into its custody. With the
exception of a few rareties. the collection was
almost entirely the result of deposits under
the copyright law. For reasons connected with
the history of copyright legislation only a por
tion of the music entered for copyright between
ITS:; and ISIS was in possession of the li
brary; but that Issued since 1S10, so far as
representing the press of the United States, was
represented in a collection which was fairly
comprehensive, and, of course, unique. Of
European publications the library in 1S97 pos
sessed very few prior to 1891, and these prin
cipally works by American composers. Since
1SD1, when protection under our copyright
laws was extended to the works of foreign
authors, the collection came to embrace music
which foreign publishers cared thus to enter for
protection. As all the Continental countries
making Important contributions to music, with
the excepUon of Austria-Hungary, Russia, Nor
way and 'Sweden, have been included In thi3
protection, and aa the European publishers
copyrighted the majority of their publications
(and frequently works by Russians. Austrian*,
etc.), the Library of Congress, under the in
ternational copyright law of 1891, ' came to
acquire a very extensive and representative
collection of contemporary European music.
¦Withln^the past three years, however, there
has been systematic effort and a very consid
erable expenditure to increase the scope of tha
collection in order to make it a center of
research to the ' student, critic and historian
of music. The accompanying list, although
only a select one, will show to some extent
the character of the acquisitions which have
resulted in pursuance of this policy.
In the report of the Librarian for the past
year the collections In the Division of Music
were thug briefly described:
"The Library of Congress now possesses a
good working collection of the literature on
music fundamental to the student of the history
and theory of music, and the collection of musio
is no longer limited to that which has conv»
from copyright. In order that it should also
contain representatives of the best printed
ecores of classical and standard material, the
works of the classical composers have been
purchased in complete editions, ao far as they
have been published; and those of the mor«
notable modern masters have been acquired
in a selection intended to represent their com
positions in opera, oratorio, cantata, orchestral
and chamber music.
"Special attention has also been paid to
early American psalmody, civil war music,
and to serial publications of a historical char
acter, such as the Denkmaler der Tonkunst in
Osterreieh. Finally, efforts have been mada
toward the acquisition of dramatic music la
full score, that the student may consult the
standard operas in their original form and at
first source."
Such gaps as necessarily still exist will, it
is hoped, disappear aa the plans for a system
atic development of the collection are carried
into effect.
On July 1, 1003, the total number of volume*
and pieces of music In the Division waa esti
mated at 3B6.735. this being an Increase of
21,224 over the preceding year. In addition,
the- division had in its custody some 470O vol
umes and pamphlets dealing with the history
and theory of music. Not included In this
enumeration was Instructive material estimated
at about B00O volumes, pamphlets and pieces,
¦ince set apart in a special section of the col
lection.
The accessions during the past ten months
would bring: the grand total of the collection
to the neighborhood of 4W.C0O items.
This collection will be made aa freely acces
sible as any other in the Library of Congress,
and the Library of Congress in now the Na
tional Library of the United States, entirely
fret* and accessible, without formality. Re
garding itaelf as having a duty to research,
wherever ortgrtnatinic. It la also quJta ready,
within its capacity, to answer inquiries ad
dressed N to it by mail. It would be gratified
at any opportunity that you may afford it
to b« of service to your own investigation*.
Very respectfully.
O. G. SOXNECK,
Chief of the Division of Mualo.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 26. 1904.
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
19Anna Gould's Husband Introduce*
Features at Entertainment That
Are Not Takeji Seriously.
PARIS, June 25.— A mischievous
newspaper pokes fun at a recent as
semblage of those highest in literature,
art and society in the palace of Count
MAKE FUNNY STORY
OF CASTELLANE'S PARTY
TWO CLEVER MATRONS AND A PRETTY FIANCEE.
An Edinburgh firm of lawyers have
recently made Investigations, and if
they succeed in tracing the somewhat
numerous descendants, each heir, it i3
expected, will receive a legacy of about
Major Sinclair had an adventurous
career in the East, and was killed in
a small engagement. His estate was
never claimed, and, accumulating for
over ninety years, has now reached the
value of £3.000.000.
Major Sinclair, it 13 believed, was a
member of a well known family at
Wick. At an. early age he entered the
army and accompanied his regiment to
India. He married there and had one
daughter, who was sent home to Wick,
and who married a farmer of that
town, also named Sinclair.
LONDON, June 25.— A fortune of
£3,000,000 awaits those who can prove
they are the lawful descendants of
Major Sinclair of the Twelfth Foot
(first battalion of. the Seaforth High
landers), who died ninety- three years
ago.
SEARCHING FOR HEIRS
OF A VALUABLE ESTATE
The "annual tennis tournament for
the State championship, which is al
ways held on the courts of the Hotel
Rafael, invariably brings with it gay
ety, enthusiasm and -brightness. This
year it will be held on Friday, Satur
day and Monday, July 1, 2 and 4. Rob
ert Whitney, Stewart Gayness and Wil
liam Allen will be the committee "in
charge, with Dr. Edward A. Younger
as referee. The present State cham
pions. Miss Edwards of Berkeley and
Grant Smith of San Francisco, are ex
pected to enter and there will, no
future.
doubt, be excitement enough to satisfy
even the keenest enthusiast.
• • ¦ •¦
The George C. Boardmans : of San
Francisco are spending the summer at
the W. F. Jones place near the Hotel
Rafael. The Boardmans are among
those who enjoy San Rafael so thor
oughly that each year finds them there
for at least a few months.
* * •
A most attractive little family colony
Is formed each year by the Gerstles.
Lilienthals and Slosses. At their
charming group of houses on the
heights overtaking San Rafael they
seem to derive an Infinite amount of
pleasure.
• • • •
Mrs. John D. Spreckels and Miss Lily
Spreckels have started upon a Euro
pean tour that will lead them through
all the usual haunts of the tourist and
into the interesting byways as well. It
is often on these little side to'urs that
.the most fascinating experiences are
The Camm-Goodsell weddlner on
Thursday evening was the leading af
fair of the week. The Goodsell home
on Van Ness avenue was prettily dress
ed with pink blossoms and maidenhair
fern.
The bride, always charming was
never so pretty as in her nuptial robe
of messaline satin.
Her honor-maid. Miss Virginia Good
sell, likewise a winsome maiden, was
very smartly gowned in point d'esprit.
After a trip East ( the young people
will reside at the Goodsell residence. .
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. John D. Spreckels Jr.
went over last week to San Rafael and
are staying at the Hotel Rafael.
• • •".
¦'¦ Colonel Andrews, U. S. A., and Mrs.
Andrews and Major C A. Devol. U. S.
A., and Mrs. Devol are spending a few
Then he startled the police by re
marking that the retriever was worth
25s for Its skin, and the spaniel 10s.
At Guildhall Police Court he was re
manded for further Inquiries.
Who buys and converts the skins the
police do not know.
How long the alleged traffic in dead
dogs has been In existence nobody
knows. The first hint of the new com
mercial development was let fall by a
man who recently was asked to ac
count for a fine spaniel and black
retriever that he was leading by a
6tring In New Broad street. His ex
planation was not considered to be
satisfactory by the constable who in
terrogated him, and the dogs and he
were taken to the police station in
Moor lane.
But now, alas, it would appear that
a dead dog industry has sprung up,
and a man may be offered his faith
ful hound by an enterprising salesman
as the latest thing in motoring waist
coats.
LONDON. June 25.— Hitherto dogs
were supposed to have been stolen only
for the value they might realize alive,
and their mourning masters were al
ways buoyed up with the hope that
there was a good sporting chance of
their being discovered.
DOG STEALING GETTING
TO BE COMMON" IN I/ONDON
The following are the exquisite lines
written by a Gothamite descriptive of
a well known townsman of ours, who
made a valiant attempt to storm the
citadel of New York society. Evident
ly he didn't make good. The lines,
however, are such as can be fitted to
quite a few so-called "society people"
who, though gilded plentifully, are
badly wanting in breeding. Here's
Te pie Is a pretty fowle.
And very eoode to eate.
His ham Is goode. likewise his jowle.
And eke hta llttel feete.
But if you lived a hundred years
I trow that* you would falls
To make a xilk pursn of his eares
Or a whistle of his taile.
The Peter Martins will open their
Newport cottage, the Cadwallader
home, after a few weeks' stay in New
York.
¦ It is said this Interesting couple will
cross the ocean in the fall.
Mr. and Mrs. William S. Tevls and
their four sons. Lloyd, Willie, Gordon
and Lansing, left on Tuesday for New
York en route to Europe. They will
probably not return until late In the
fall.
Mrs. Tomlinson comes out In July
to spend several months in San Fran
cisco as the guest of her mother, Mrs.
Charles Mclntosh Keeney. Mr. Tom
linson, who was unable to come out to
California with his wife, will Join her
later and return to New York with
her.
Dr. and Mrs. J. Wilson Shiels will
leave soon for a visit at Carmel-by
the-Sea. This pine-covered rim .of the
sea is- attracting many lovers of "the
simple life." The Interesting old mis
sion of San Carlos de Borromeo is sil
houetted against the sky Just back of
Pine Inn and romance and history
galore hang about upon every cypress.
Mrs. Joseph Austin will leave on the
first of the month for Nome, where she
will spend two months as the guest
of her brother, John Sesnon.
\ * *
Dr. Emmet Kixford, who was called
East a few weeks ago, has arrived in
St. Louis. He is expected back In San
Francisco next week. Mr. and Mrs.
Henry C. Campbell have been the
guests of Mrs. Rixford during her hus
band's absence. •
• - • •
weeks at Monte Vista Inn. In the Si
erras.
Bonl de Castellane, who married Miss
Anna Gould of New York.
"What was most remarkable about
this select political circle." says this
wicked newspaper, "was that the men's
and not the women's costumes were
chronicled. For instance. Carolus Du
ran wore his famous waistcoat of vel
vet, Francois Coppee had on an impec
cable redlngote." And so on and so on.
Be this as It may, the gathering was
remarkable In that Count Bonl ushered
In a new thing in Paris, introducing
politics to fashion. His guests listened
to a lecture by Maurice Talymoyr on
"The Rule of Free Masonry in the
French Revolution."
Count and Countess Stanislaus de
Castellane, Count Gabriel de la Roche
foucauld, Marquis d'Harcourt, Viscount
and Viscountess de Jarze, Prince Pierre
de Caraman-Chlmay, Duke de Luynes,
Count and Countess de Kersalnt. Mar
quis and Marchioness de Talhouet-Koy.
Count and Countess de Chabrillan.
Count Henri de Segur and Countess de
Sommeyre assured Mr. Talymoyr that
his discourse edlfled them vastly.
The benefits of the reading-room and
library for the blind are still being gra
ciously dispensed in spite of the scat
tering of townsfolk in the country. Mrs.
Josephine de Greayer, whose interest In
the success of the reading-room has
been unwavering from the start, is
spending the season at Mill Valley, but
Mrs. Thomas Morffew is entertaining
Miss Mabel Ayer and Miss Genevieve
Peel at Rancho Bonita, near Saratoga.
Miss Julia D. E. Wright of Alameda,
daughter of G. Alexander Wright, left
last week for Europe. Miss Wright will
make an extended visit in England vis
iting friends and pursuing studies along
scientific lines, having since her course
at, the Hopkins Institute of Art been
studying architecture. Miss Wright,
though one of the youngest. Is one of
,the most interested members of the Pa
cific Coast Entomological Society, and
she hopes to add considerably to her
already rare collection during her visit
abroad. Miss Wright is a handsome
maiden, and clever as well. That's a
combination that a few years ago was
hard to find. A clever girl was rarely
beautiful; a beautiful girl was rarely
clever— she didn't need to be. Her chief
occupation in life was to smirk "sweet
ly" and look confiding. But the day of
the passive beauty has past — thank
heaven! %» r 'I
Justice McKenna, Mrs. McKenna and
their daughters. Miss Marie and Miss
Hlldegarde McKenna, are planning to
spend the early summer at the White
Sulphur Springs (Virginia).
Measles! Measles! What a foolish
disease to have In one's intelligent
years. Wouldn't some medical linguist
label it anew when it attacks adults so
it wouldn't seem so silly? Most of us
feel an inclination to giggle when a
friend says solemnly "Oh, I've been so
HI. I've had the measles." Now an
other name is really a necessity, inas
much as the beastly disease seems to
have a pet predilection for the women
of the smart set. Since Alice Roosevelt
had it, really It has become mildly epi
demic. Why? Oh, that's rather too
deep. Could it be hypnotic suggestion?
Mrs. Benson is back in her old home
again, after an absence of some years,
during which Captain Benson has been
stationed at Eastern army posts. Mrs.
Benson arrived in San Francisco with
Miss Louisa Breeze, Miss Evelyn Nor
wood and Miss Ethel Lincoln, who have
been her guests at Jefferson Barracks,
near St. Louis, where the lovely trio
played sad havoc with the gallant
young officers of the post. It is whis
pered that one handsome chap — no
names, now, so don't grow inquisitive —
is preparing to seek a transfer. I be
lieve he will try to convince his su
periors that the climate of San Fran
cisco is necessary for his health, which
is impaired from the heat of the East.
Clever fellow, isn't he?
John R. Hopkins and Russell Hop
kins -of Atlanta, Ga., are traveling
through California and expect to re
main some time in this city.
In all the State there's not a more
popular clubwoman — nor one more
capable — than Mrs. Arthur Cornwall,
the newly elected secretary of the State
Federation. Her financial achievements
for the California Club have won for
her the admiration of all club women,
many of whom, the truth to tell, are
rather short on the art of financiering.
A clever feminine financier is rather a
rare personality — and thus is Mrs.
Cornwall notable among her sisters.
A merry matron Is Mrs. Jack Griffin
Landers. Our loss was Los Angeles'
gain. During the last social season the
former belle of the San Francisco smart
set contributed much to the gayety of
the Los Angelenos. Last week she was
hostess at a smart luncheon given at
the Country Club in honor of pretty
Susie Bixby, the fiancee of Dr. Ernest
Bryant of the southern city.
• • •
Miss Bessie Gowan sailed away to
meet her lover on Saturday last, ac
companied by her mother.
Mr. Haskins, who no doubt is eagerly
awaiting the coming of hi? bride, is an
attache of the diplomatic corps in
Peking, well connected and a charming
fellow. Much happiness will be theirs,
unless the vagaries of the Far East
climate intrude upon the fair bride's
health. Somehow the land of the lotus
eaters plays havoc with most American
women.
• • •
In the face of the bitter opposition
to divorce by the EpiBcopal church,
comes the announcement of the divorce
of Mrs. Edith McCreery, granddaugh
ter of the saintly Bishop Kip, from
her handsome spouse, Richard Mc-
Creery. All the old Callfornlans re
member the McCreerys, who amassed
a stupendous fortune In stocks in the
early seventies.
Mrs. McCreery is an attractive wom
an, and Is well connected In the East
as well as In the West. Pierre Loril
lard being a maternal uncle. As many
Interests of the Kips are in California
it is thought that the young divorcee
will come west before the winter.
When she does she will be amply en
tertained. •
Miss Katherlne Wright, accompanied
by her aunt, Mrs. Claueon. will reach
San Francisco this coming Friday, and
during their several weeks' stay In
San Francisco will be the guests of
Mrs. Alfred Hunter Voorhles at her
home on California street. Miss
Wright Is the only daughter of Gover
nor and Mrs. Luke Wright, and will
make her debut this coming winter in
Manila In the Governor's winter resi
dence, the Malacanan Palace. Mrs.
Voorhies will entertain extensively in
her honor during her etay In San Fran
cisco. It was with the Wrights that
Miss Marie Voorhles has spent such a
Joyous year. Dr. Voorhles and Gover
nor Wright served together In the Con
federate army, passing through the
long, bitter struggle side by side, both
winning the homage of their brethren
for their valiant fighting for their
cause.
ers will go east, visiting the fair and
proceeding thence to New York.
•'"Where are you going to, my pretty
maid?" Where, Indeed? A reply ad
bering to the truth would embrace a
seograpbical roster of every nook in
our own beauteous State, and beyond
its limits. The east, the south, the
north— aye, even the west— are beckon
ing, for not a few are sailing the tur
quoise seas of the tropics in pursuit of
M st— stveft rest- Then Europe Is call
ing. Everj' ocean liner bears away a
gay group of "Westerners, who, by the
way. are achieving a vast reputation
as good tourists. They are said not to
be so cynical, critical and cranky
abroad as their Yankee brethren. But
that's easily understood.
It's a Question of climate, wholesome
food and happy physical environment
cf the "Westerner as opposed to va
garies cf climate, pie and the unrest of
the Easterner— the Gothamlte exoepted.
It's & noteworthy fact that but few
rr.cn are frequenting the beaten paths
of travel this year and the smart re
sorts. They are cleaning their guns,
getting their fishing tackle into com
mission and taking to the woods. "No
society stunts in the good old summer
time for me." say they. And. blessed
fellows, they are wise In their time
and generation. else when, pray, can
they store up the energy and dynamics
they will stand In need of when the
busy days come on?— Russell Sage, the
poor-rich man, notwithstanding.
But, of course, 'tis rather hard on the
maidens fair, who have been holding
busy sessions with gown-builders and
the rest of the appurtenance-makers
these many moons; and with no men
.-tlK>ut to admire, pshaw! it's stupid.
For he who says that women dress for
women is a fool, and no woman ever
said it — she knows better.
Of course, there are many maidens,
particularly of the college set. who
eschew the seductive chiffons and frip
peries of summer and fare forth in
bloomers, divided skirt, top boots and
pongee shirt waist to assail the moun
tain heights or delve into the recesses
of the forest.
But say what you will of the "supe
rior" sense of the bloomered maid, she
duesn't fill the picture we conjure up
of the summer girl; it's her fluffiness,
her rainbow settings and her diaphan
ous daintiness that makes her queen of
the summer days.
Del Monte is a fit setting for the
dainty maid— yes, and for the strenuous
maiden, too. But the piazza — ah! what
an exquisite promenade.
Among the maids who will be Been on
rtse esplanade during the next month
or two are the Misses Ella Morgan,
Maye Colburn. Flora Low, Lucie King,
Margaret Wilson and the other Wil-
Etras. Bessie and Berenice.
Miss Bessie Cole expects to go on to
Washington, D. C. with her sister.
Mrs. Martin Crimmins. who returns to
the capital in August.
Miss Lalla Wenzelburgar has gone to
Klythedale with her family, including
Mr. and Mrs. Graupner.
Miss Lutie Collier is spending an
iieal Eummer at the Collier home on
the shores of Clear Lake.
Miss Lydia Hopkins, with her moth
er, is taking in the beauties of Yosem
ito Valley.
Bliss Alys Sullivan has gone with her
family to the Sullivan retreat in the
Santa Cruz Mountains, where she is
entertaining Miss Frances McKinstry.
Miss Laura McKinstry is having a.
quiet summer at Pine Inn, at Carmel
by-the-Sea. where a charming lot of
women have gone for the season, Mrs.
Frank Powers and Mrs. Mark Gerstle
among the fascinating matrons.
Miss Agnes Buchanan left last Mon
day for the East where she will visit
relatives, taking in the Exposition en
route to Bar Harbor, where she will
pass most of the season, which prom
ises to be very pay.
Miss Georgie Spieker goes to Yellow
stone Park, Miss Susanne Kirkpatrick
to Tahoe, Miss Laura Prather of Oak
land to St. Louis, Mrs. Constance Bor- ,
rowe to Pacific Grove, while the charm
ing Borel maidens. Misses Sophie and
Alice, will spend a month at Ta
hoe, after which they will visit the Old
World with Mr. and Mrs. Borel and
young Ar.toine.
Mirs Charlotte Ellinwoood Is a guest
at the Bancroft farm over the bay, vis
iting Mrs. D. EL Fry.
Mirs Beatrice Fife will take her trap
v ith her to Santa Barbara, where she
will give free rein to her ponies. She
Kill remain some time in the city by the
tea:
Miss Eleanor Warner is passing the
!^st few days of her girlhood at the
family home near Blythedale, busily
1>1> ins: h^r needle — or seeing to it that
<uh?rs are — for her wedding with young
Kawlings is near at hand.
Even if things are stupid, girls, cheer
up! There's something ahead, and big
pame, too. Very soon we shall have
with us— right with us— none other
than Santos Dumont, he of the ardent
heart. To be sure, It is said his love
has been won, but, pshaw! who knows
the truth? He's coming as the guest of
Joseph D. Redding, who will assume
charge of the midsummer Jinks of the
Bohemian Club "in the leafy wood
land" on the Russian River.
Now, even Mr. Redding is worth
while, all by himself. A man of expe
rience and travel, he holds many gifts
of the gods, among them a facility for
music writing. His latest production
v. i!l be heard in August, when the Jinks
will be held.
• • •
The next hop to be given by the
officers of the Artillery Corps at the
Presidio will take place on Tuesday,
the 2Sth.
These Presidio hops add much to the
social life at the post, especially dur
ing the summer, when everything is so
stupidly dull.
The committee in charge are Captain
L. R. Burgess. Major Stephenson, Lieu
tenant Edward M.^Shlnkle and Dr.
Sbepard.
• • •
Among the visitors to the city are
Bishop Partridge and his winsome
wife, who are making their third visit
in San Francisco within a year. They
are stopping, of course, with the Simp
sons on Vallejo street. Later the call-
Colonel and Mrs. A. C. Glrard, U. S.
A., who recently moved from this city
to Alameda, are settled In their new
horns at 921 Grand street. A charming
homo is this new abode, where many
congenial gatherings will be seen in the
comes over to the city regularly to di
rect the work, and her sweet spirit of
helpfulness is emulated by her little
band of fair assistants. The most gen
erous gift of money which the reading
room has received at any one time was
the $115. the proceeds of the recent ben
efit performance of "As You Like It"
given by the young girls of the high
schools. Public interest in this much
needed library for the blind is constant
ly growing and will undoubtedly bring
forth many material benefits during the
present year.
THE SAN FRANCISCO' CALL, SUNDAY, .JUNE 26, 1904.
WHERE ARE YOU GOING TO,
MY PRETTY MAID.
20RUMOR THAT MACDOWELL
HAD DESTROYED HIS OWN
LIFE STARTLES RIALTO
MELBOURNE MACDOWELL, WHOSE- REPORTED SUICIDE CREATED EXCITE
MENT YESTERDAY AND FAC SIMILE OF LETTER RECEIVED BT THE
CORONER. BUT WHICH THE THESPIAN DECLARES A FORGERY.
Continued on Pa;c 22, Column 1.
DENVER, June 26.— The American
Federation of Labor has taken up the !
fight of the Western Federation of Min
ers In Colorado and will give It finan
cial and moral support. The proposed
amalgamation of all general labor or
ganizations has not taken place, but
the American Federation of Labor has
entered tho fight officially.'
This news was made public In Denver
to-day on the receipt by mall of an
appeal signed by President Samuel
Gompers and the executive ' council, of
the American Federation of Labor. The
appeal is dated at Washington and is
addressed to organized labor of (Amer
ica. After stating the labor conditions
existing in Colorado, the document
closes with an appeal for financial con
tributions "to maintain the legal rights
of the Colorado miners." ; \
American Federation of La
bor Promises Financial
Aid to Colorado Strikers
-. The State. Department does not con
teriiplate any/ reclamation ' upon the
Moorish Government on account of. the
Perdicaris Incident. In its -view that
Government suffered severely, both
from a financial ; point * of .view ' and ¦ in
national- humiliation, through its coria
pllance\ with ' the demand of . Secretary
Hay that the captives be released. 1 .
TANGIER, June 25.— Ion Perdicaris Is
indisposed as, the "result of his recent
experiences. -
The British battleship Prince of
Wales sailed for Gibraltar to-day with
the British Minister, on board.
WASHINGTON, June 25.— As Perdi
caris and Varley* have been returned
to their home in Tangier, the Navy De
partment; to-day cabled orders to Rear
'Admiral Chad wick to proceed on * his
cruise according to the original pro
gramme.; .*.•:.":'- "¦-'¦¦'¦.'¦
Delivery by Ralssouli of Captives
Causes Countermanding of Navy
• " Department Orders. '
PERDICARIS ILL AS RESULT .
OF RECENT EXPERIENCE
NEW BACKING
FOR THE MINERS
TACOMA, Wash., June 26.— It be
came known to-day, that the Chicago,
Milwaukee and St. Paul Railway pos
sesses one or. more complete surveys
from South Dakota to Puget Sound.
At least one complete survey was
made several years ago, following the
visit to the sound of Roswell Miller,
present chairman of the board of di
rectors. Complete notes have been
secured of other surveys made by en
gineers through both the Rocky and
Cascade mountains more than . ten
years ago for the Union Pacific and
other systems. The survey made , by
the'. Milwaukee road runs west from
Chamberlain, S. D.; passing south of
the Black Hills, thence across Wyom
ing, south of the Bitter Root Moun
tains in Idaho and thence following
the Salmon River to Its confluence
with the Snake River, near the State
line of Washington, Oregon and Idaho.
A community of interests between
the -Milwaukee and Harriman systems
leads to the belief that the former- will
reach Portland over the Oregon Rail
road arid Navigation lines. from East
ern Washington and that the Harri
man system will reach Puget Sound
over the Milwaukee's new road from
the Columbia River to Tacoma and i
Seattle. A number, of, officials of the ,
Milwaukee and the Northwestern Life
Insurance Company, of • Milwaukee
have . been working quietly in . , the
Northwest for weeks. These ' Include
H. H. Field of Chicago, assistant gen^
eral solicitor of the Milwaukee, and
J. T. Woodward, who is understood to
! be a high officer of the Northwestern
1 Life Insurance Company. )
. The tide lands purchased at Seattle
stand In. Woodward's name, having
been negotiated by Geo'rge > McLaren,
loan agent of the Northwestern life.
• Agents in ' Tacoma made recent - tide
land purchases, including a . strip of
tide land a thousand feet wide at the
harbor front and a mile, and a quar
ter long and half a mile .wide at the
farther end. ,
¦ ¦ ¦ ¦. * \ : ¦:•• ; ¦ . ¦>.
MAY BUILD NEW ROAD.
hands of trustees preparatory to a pos
sible sale of the property. It is said
that the prospective purchaser is , the
Union Pacific and that the Alton will
shortly become the Chicago end of that
system from Kansas City. The proba
bility of such absorption has long been
discussed and its entire practicability
has always been apparent.
'SThese changes will bring the South
era, Central and Union Pacific, the
Santa Fe, the Alton, the Kansas City
Southern, the Oregon Railway and
Navigation Company and the Oregon
Short Line under one direct control
and would make the E. H. Harriman
system of railroads by far the largest
in the country Irrespective altogether
of the indirect influences exercised by
the Harriman Interests upon what is
known as the Hill group of roads."*
"This will be but carrying out to its
logical conclusion the community- of
interests Idea, . which appears to have
suddenly taken a fresh lease of life and
again to have become the. most prom
inent feature In the railroad world. •
"The change In control of the Santa
Fe does not constitute the entire plan,
as at present contemplated, and which
is now being rapidly worked out. The
Chicago and Alton* also is Involved. It
will be remembered that not long ago
the security holders' of this road were
Invited to deposit . their, stock in the
CHICAGO, June 25.— The Evening
Post to-night publishes the following:
"It Is reported to-day on what seems
to be excellent authority that a change
in the control of the Santa Fe Is im
minent. This report comes In connec
tion with the recent changes in the
Southern Pacific and may help to ex
plain the resignations of Edwin Haw
ley and H. E. Huntington. It also may
help to explain the proposed very large
increase In Southern Pacific preferred
stock and the failure of the directors
to reveal to what purpose two-thirds
of the proposed Increase Is to be ap
plied.
"To-day's report states that before
the end of the current year the Santa
Fe will be Southern Pacific property
and the two systems will thereafter be
operated In the closest harmony and
practically as integral parts of one
system.
Southern Pacific Railway System to Become the
Most Extensive in the World.
PRESIDEICTS OP THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC AND SANTA FE COMPANIES.
WHO ARE SAID TO BE LAYING THE FOUNDATION FOR A MERGER OF
THE TWO RAILROAD SYSTEMS.
Mrs. G. B. de Martini was the wife
of a prominent grocer residing at 28
West Washington street. In this city.
She leaves several children. Mrs. Frank
Valente was the wife of a teamster
residing at 1757 South San Joaquln
street. She leaves three children, two
of whem .v/ere with her on the train
and escaped serious injury.
Mrs. Valente received a telephone
message this morning Informing her
tliat her brother-in-law was 111 at Mur
pbys and that if Ehe wanted to see him
alive she would have to come quickly.
She was on her way to his probable
deathbed when final summons came
In such awful form for her.
Among others on the wrecked train
Mrs. de Martini and Mrs. Valente
were occupying the rear seats of the
coach with Mrs. Valente's young son
and daughter. They heard the shriek
cf the locomotive and saw the threat
ening oil car dashing down on them.
Mrs. Valente screamed to her children
to Jump, but instead they ran to the
forward end 'of the car. The two wo
men ran out on the rear platform of
the coach and were In the act of leap
ing from it when the crash came. They
.were probably killed Instantly. Their
bodle3 were mangled beyond any sem
blance to human form. ¦
The name of the engineer of the'run
away locomotive could not be learned
from this city. He is reported to have
disappeared at once after the wreck.
Report blames him for the catastrophe.
The railroad people refuse to discuss
the wreck or give any particulars, save
thf barest facts.
DISAPPEARS AFTER WRECK.
The wcrk train locomotive, pushing
the heavily loaded oil car in front of
it, started down the switchback. Engi
neer F. Cook of the passenger train
¦was leaning out of his cab .watching
the approach of the oil car when sud
denly he noticed that something had
gone wrong. The oil car and locomo
tive were running down the Incline at
too great a speed. It did not dawn
upon him that his train was threatened
by a death dealing runaway, however,
until he heard the screeching of the
runaway locomotive's whistle and a
moment later saw the engineer and
firemen leap for their lives.
Cock stayed at his post and took the
only chance for saving the lives of his
passengers. He jerked open the throt
tle of his engine, but in his haste he
gave It too much steam and the
drive wheels spun around on the
track without starting the train. In
the meantime the runaway had attain
ed a mile a minute speed.
The oil car struck the rear of the
passenger coach, split It and hurled the
•wreck high in the air. The oil car con
tinued apparently unchecked and bat
tered to splinters the end of the bag
gage car. The passengers were mixed
up r.ith th© wreckage, but. almost In
credible as It seems, there were but two
killed.
The passenger train was due at An
pels at 6:15 o'clock and was late. It
passed a work train at the El Rico
mice and received orders to take an
oil car from there 'to Angels. The pas
penger train was made up of the loco
motive, three freight cars, a combina
tion baggage and smoker and a pas
senger coach. Conductor A. Decker of
the passenger train gave orders for the
work train locomotive to get the oil
car ar.d couple it to the passenger
coach. The passenger train was stand
ing on the main line with the rear end
of the train extending a short distance
up the lower end of a long switch
back.
BATTERS CAR TO SPLINTERS.
Ted Melone, a ball player of the
Mail nine of this city, was the worst
hurt of the injured. He had his arm
and shoulders cut badly and sustained
severe bruises.
STOCKTON. , June 25.— Two women
were killed and several other passen
gers were Injured this evening by the
telescoping of a Sierra Railway pas
eenger coach by a runaway oil car
and locomotive near Melones. By a
seeming miracle, all of the occupants
of the coach, with the exception of the
two women, escaped with their lives,
for the car was eplit from end to end.
The wreck occurred at tha El Rico
mine, seven miles below Angels. The
killed:
MRS. G. B. DE MARTINI, of Stock
ton.
MRS. FRANK VALENTE. of Stock
ton.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
WOOSTER, Ohio. June 25.— Mrs.
Grace Viola Culvert Taggart of San
Francisco, wife of Major E. F. Tag
gart, transport quartermaster, reached
this city this morning and filed an an
swer to the petition of her husband for
divorce. Mrs. Taggart came determined
to see her Boys, aged 9 and 6 years,
whom she charges Taggart spirited
away from her in San Francslco. She
learned that the children were at the
home of Taggart's parents, and after
considerable trouble managed to have
a talk with the little chaps. The latter
were overjoyed to see their mother, the
younger boy crying bitterly to go with
her when she left. \
Mrs. Taggart filed an answer and a
cross-petition to the application for di
vorce, denying the major's allegations
in toto. Mrs. Taggart says that on two
occasions, while in Manila, Taggart,
without cause or provocation, struck
her on the face with his fists. The first
of these occasions was about Septem
ber 1, 1901, and the second a week later.
Taggart, she says, was intoxicated.
Later, at Fort Leavenwortb, Kansas,
she says, he threw her against a chif
fenier, dislocating her jaw. A short
time afterward he struck, her repeat
edly and so violently tha£ v ,sj!»&was com
pelled to. have medical assistance for
many. days. '
She alleges, further, that on the oc r
casion hereinbefore mentioned she was
invited out to a social gathering, of
which Major Taggart knew, and "that
she -attended this gathering at" his" re
quest and with the understanding that
he would call and take her home. Tag
gart did not call, although friends tele
phoned to his home. In company with
Captain Poor and wife and. Lieutenant
Fortesque she went to her home, but
was unable to gain admission, and she
then went to the residence of Captain
Poor, accompanied by Mrs. Poor.
While at Captain Poor's, Major Tag
gart telephoned and wanted to know if
it would be necessary to send -an am
bulance " for Mrs. Taggart, meaning
thereby that she was intoxicated. Cap
tain Poor told Major Taggart of their
failure to gain admission to the' house
and that she would again return, which
she did, in company with Captain Poor.
This time, Mrs. Taggart alleges, Tag
gart seized her and in his anger and
rage tore the clothing completely from
her body and beat her so that her en
tire body was discolored and bleeding
and her condition such that it was be
lieved she would die. She says that he
desisted in his beating only because of
the pleading of the eldest boy. Taggart,'
she alleges, was drunk on this occasion.
Mrs. Taggart says that her husband
was guilty of qther extreme cruelty,
falsely accusing her of infidelity, which
he knew was untrue. She asserts that
Major Taggart's , conduct became
known to his superior officers, that he
was threatened with "court-martial arid
for a time was actually confined, with
a sentinel over him.
Mrs. Taggart charges that Major
Taggart upon his discharge began writ
ing scandalous letters to army officers
and ' threatening proceedings for di T
vorce. .
Major Taggart, ; about May 21, 1904,
pretending to want to take the chil
dren on a transport, got possession' of
them and .came to Ohio, according to
the wife's statement. She declares that
Major Taggart is not a suitable person
to' care for them, that he gets intoxi
cated and uses vile language before
them. Mrs. Taggart insists that she is
entitled to the possesion of the children.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Accident Said to Be Doe to Neglect of
Railroad Imploye Who Disap
peared After the Accident
Charges Contained in Army Man's
Petition for a Divorce Are -
* Denied in To'.o.
Crash Into Crowded Coach
on a Switch-Back
Near Melones.
Says He Frequently Beat
Her WMIe Under In
fluence of Liquor.
Runaway Locomotive
aM Car Deal
Out Death.
Accuses the Major
of Gontinued
vlUCltjt
TWO WOMEN
KILLED IN
COLLISION
TAGGART'S
WIFE FILES
HER ANSWER
The envelope that reached the Cor
oner's office was a picturesque affair.
The | name of Dr. Leland appeared
threetimes on Its face and 5 It was also
directed to John ~J. Bannon. Then
that the epistle might not stray from
the^ city such words as "Frisco/; "San
Francisco" and ."California" were re
written as often as (Space would per
mit, only to be scratched out again
and blurred :with, ink. The -letter was
written on. a Windsor Hotel letter
head and was intelligent enough ex
cept for spelling and punctuation.. It
read: v *vl
-v.Vf "June 24, .1904.
"Coroner. Dear Sir: If anything
should | happen me you can blame my
managers, Messrs. Delisser and Mer
cer,- for the way they ; had the Exam
iner hound me.. Now I am down and
out with not" even a chance to leave
'Frisco.* •; I have been drinking of • late,
I admit, but they are the cause., They
have also" caused three of my -best
friends, members of- the company, to
turn against me, Elliott, Quillinan and
Miss Fuller.
"Notify T. L. Hart of my difficulty
and Dave Wise, Columbia. Theater.
Bly'n, N. ! Y.: May God bless you , all.
"MELBOURNE MACDOWELL."
Inquiry was made at the Windsor.
Hotel r - by-" the .Coroner soon after the
letter"- was received. It . was ascer
tained that the actor and some -of his
company had - . been stopping, at the
hostelry since May'l arid that the for
mer, had been drinking * heavily for.
several days." He Had- left his room
about • the noon hour ¦ with ¦ no known
destination. A search for him \ began.
Gloomy pictures of ' a . tragedy on ]. the
bay or in -the ; park were dissipated,
however, when the corpulent actor,
drifted back" to the Windsor 'about 5
o'clock and iattempted to r explain as
best. he could the occasion for'all the
commotion.
*."¦ MacDowell - was . deep in his cups.
For a brief time yesterday Mel
bourne MacDowell, the well known
actor and a star in tragedy, was much
sought after by police officials and
friends. A letter bearing the thes
pian's signature and announcing his
determination to transfer his abode
from terrestrial to celestial climes was
received by Coroner Leland early in
the afternoon.' The Morgue, however,
was cheated of 'its prey. MacDowell
appeared later at his accustomed
haunts, much the worse for wear and
profuse with denials and denuncia
tions. K ."! ;' :; " "
He denied having written the letter to
the Coroner and says it Is all a scheme
to ruin his reputation and bring him
disagreeable notoriety. In harsh lan
guage he denounced whoever was re
sponsible for the missive and de
clared he had no Intention of destroys
ing his own life. .
Coroner Leland'Receives Note That Hints at Sui
cide, but Actor Turns Up Later. *
"This finished, the, patient inserted
the small end of a conical-shaped tube
in his mouth. "Into this tube was put
a small broom,. previously dipped Into
the necessary medicaments for the heal
ing of the lungs or whatever organism
was affected, and through it, the man's
body and an X-ray globe In the rear
went an electric current carrying with
it the medicinal elements from the
broom/
CALL. BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, June 25. — United
States Consul Haynes at Rouen,
France, reports to the State Depart
ment a • new consumption "-. cure. , A
combination ¦ of medicine, electricity
and the X-ray wa3 discoveredj by Dr.
: of '. Rouen. : Haynes writes to
the State Department as follows:
"At the: doctor's invitation I visited
his consultation 'rooms and saw his
method., A patient, entered who the
physicians had said two, months before
could not live ! ten days longer. He
had been 1 under Dr.' Canus' treatment
for six weeks and was gaining In ap
petite, weight. and strength.
"He was first placed "upon an operat
ing table, where the usual saline solu
tions were injected. Afterward he
was seated upon an insulated table
and electricity was passed through
him for -some minutes by attaching
poles , to. metallic plates fastened to
his breast and back. During this time
sparks could be drawn from any part
I of his body.
Special Dispatch ' to The Call.
American Consul Reports
Discovery in France of a
Cure for Consumption
DREAD DISEASE
IS CONQUERED
The negroes were placed In the tanks
and their names registered on the de
tention book. Williamson is a Jamaica
negro and Smith a native of South.
Carolina.- Both came here to fill the
places of strikers. Williams was under
arrest a few weeks ago for carrying a
concealed weapon.
"I hardly know how it happened," he
said. "A crowd of men Jumped us.
They knocked Williams down and fired
at us. I-think there weie five of them.
I thought they would kill me, so I de
fended myself."
The other negro. Williams, who is
about. 22 years old, was unmistakably
scared. "There were crowds - and
crowds of men." h? declared.
"I saw, several revolvers, then some
thing hit me on the head and I did not
see or. hear anything for about five
minutes."
At the City Prison Smith was, or pre
tended to be. still very much fright
ened.
Many -people saw a number of men
lurking in the. ' vicinity before tho
trouble took place, but allvjthe descrip
tions are extremely vague. Immedi
ately after the last shot was fired John
O'Connell saw two negroes running vp
Geary street from Polk. One of them,
whose description fits Smith, was put
ting a revolver Into his pocket as he
ran. . :.'\
Policeman Owen found an empty re
volver lying on tha sidewalk near
where Gallagher fell. This leads to the
theory that the many revolvers al
leged to have been seen by the fright
ened negroes were empty or loaded
with blank cartridges. It is believed
that the purpose of the strikers was to
Intimidate the non-union men into
quiting the stables. Several witnesses,
hqwever, declare that more than two
shots were fired, thus tending to show
that the negroes were first fired upon.
Smith, frenzied by terror, as he said
last night, drew a revolver, whic'n ho
always carried- At 6ight of It his as
sailants drew back. The negro* fired a
shot and the men began to scatter.
Again Smith's pfstol rang out, this time
with deadly effect. Anthony Gallagher
threw his arms wildly upward, stag
gered against a wall and collapsed, an
inert mass, on the pavement.
Gallagher's companions did not wait
to learn the fate of their comrade. They
'fled in different directions, and as yet
the police have no clew to their iden
tity. The negroes immediately after
the shooting ran into the Excelsior sta
bles, where they were found and taken
into custody by Policeman Dan Owen.
Gallagher was hurriedly placed in an
ambulance but died on the way to tha
Central Emergency Hospital. It was
found that the bullet had entered his
head on the right side near th© back of
the skull. This would show that he
was attempting to escape when Smith
fired.
Mrs. Gallagher, wife of th» dead
man. soon heard of the tragedy.. Sho
arrived at tha hospital, carrying her
young baby, shortly after her hus
band's body was removed and her piti
ful cries caused an excited crowd to
gather.
Gallagher was a member of tha Sta
blemen's Union In good standing, as a
card found in his pocket showed. Ha
has been out on strike and tha police
believe that his companions wera also
striking stablemen.
In a row over labor troubles An
thony Owen Gallagher, a striking sta
bleman, was fatally shot last evening
by James Smith, a non-union negro
hostler in the employ of the Excelsior
Stables. The trouble occurred shortly
after 7 o'clock on Polk street, between
Post and Geary.
Smith and Arthur Williams, another
negro, also employed at the stables,
were returning from a restaurant. As
they passed Walnut avenue, five men
who had been crouching: behind a,
building leaped suddenly out upon the
two negroes.
"Throw up your hands," was the or
der shouted. The negroes quickly
obeyed. They were so badly frightened
that It seemed to them that every on©
of their assailants flourished a revolver.
They will swear that several pistols
were displayed.
William* received a blow on tha head
from the butt of a pistol and fell to
the pavement stunned. At the same
time several shots were fired* by the at
tacking party, presumably Into the air,
for they were so close to the negroes
that had they shot to kill they could
not have missed.
Fatal Shooting Follows a Riotous At
tack Upon the Employes of
Excelsior Stables.
An Effort to Intimidate
Non-union Employes
©ids in Death.
A. 0. Gallagher Shot
Tteoili Head
byNep.
STRIKING
STABLEMAN
IS KILLED
THE WSATEES.
Porecart made at San Fraa
dsco for tblrty boon eadiiur
mifinlsrlit, Jnne 28:
Saa Praaclsco and vicinity —
Fair; wanner Sunday; lisrht
¦otrtfrwest wiaO, changing to
brisk iresterly.
A- O. BEoABXS.
District Forecaster.
Alcazar — "Iiovers* Xi&ae."
Cantral — "X.ltfb.t* o» loadoa."
Matlae« To-Day.
Clmte*— Vaudeville.
Pljcher*! — "The Mormons." Mat
inee To-Day.
Grand — "Da Barry." -
Orpietua — Vaudevills. Mattne*
To-»ay.
TiToli— "Xobta Hood."
TJUS the AT UltSL
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
FORTY-EIGHT PAGES— SAN ; FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUNE 26, 1904^-PAGES 21 TO 34.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 26.
SANTA FE ROAD MAY PASS
INTO HARRIMAN'S CONTROL
THROUGH PROPOSED MERGER
The San Francisco Call.seconds. No cause is known for the
crime. Addresses found in a notebook
in Bell's pocket showed that he had
lived in Topeka, Kans., at 1606 East
Third street, and in Freetown, the cap
ital of Liberia, West Africa. A card
showed that he was a member of New
York Typographical Union No. 6.
Continued From Page 21, Column 1.
TWO WOMEN KILLED III COLLISION
were the members of the baseball team
from this city. Superintendent Gould
cf the Oriole mine and Walter Tryon
and wife of Angels. They were In the
einoker and the forward part of the
. NEW YORK, June 25.— John M. Bell,
an agent, for a typewriter company,
shot J and .'• killed a > woman variously
known aa 1 his housekeeper and wife," in
the apartment which they had occupied
on West Eighteenth -street to-night,
and then turned the revolver upon him
self, inflicting a wound ; in " his \ right
fcgtnple which caused his death in a few'
PRINTER KILLS WOMAN
AND THEN: HIMSELF
War News Continued on Page 23.
MUKDEN, June 25.— Last night 100
Chinese bandits, excellently .armed
and equipped and led by Japanese of
ficers, attempted to blow up with dy
namite, the bridge over the "Koulau
River, three miles south of Kerzon
and 157 miles northeast of Mukden.
The attack was* repelled border
scouts. According to the Inhabitants
of the vicinity there had been,num
erous previous attempts to destroy
this bridge. The^bandits are said to
fight splendidly and to be entirely dif
ferent from the poorly organized brig
ands of 1900.
BANDITS FIGHT WELL.
CHICAGO. June -25.— The Daily
News to-night published the follow
ing cable from Its JTlentsln correspond
ent:
"Officers arriving* at Newchwang
from the front say that the battle
fought on Thursday at Slmentlng,
about forty miles east of Kaiping, was
the hardest blow -the Russians have
yet received. The Muscovites lost, ac
cording to the accounts, 16,000 killed,
wounded, missing and prisoners. That
the Russian retreat did not turn into
a rout was due. to the dogged bravery
of the' men of the Ninth East Siberian
Rifle Brigade, under General Kond
ratsvltch,' who covered the fleeing
troops, contesting every Inch of the
way."
ENORMOUS LOSS ALLEGED.
lislon at Fresno.
FRESNO, June 23.— The San Fran
cisco and Bakersfield Santa Fe limited
and the Vlsalla local met In a head-on I
collision this afternoon at 5 o'clock just j
outside the Fresno yards. Trains No. |
3 and No. 23 are now on the tracks a !
dilapidated heap of splintered boards :
and scrap iron. Several persons were
injured, some seriously, and it Is a
marvel that many are not now lying In
the City Morgue. The blame for the
collision has not been fixed.
The Injured are: Arthur
fireman on the Limited, whose left arm
Is crushed badly. It is feared it will
have to be amputated. Local physi
cians insisted upon amputation-, but
friends took him to San Francisco this
evening with the hopes of saving the
arm. Charles Hill, the engineer on the
Limited, had his left leg broken and an
ankle badly bruised. The trainmen on
the local jumped in time to escape the
crash. The conductors on both trains
escaped without a scratch. . .
Among the passengers injured were
Samuel Samuelson, a fruit buyer in the
employ of Castle Bros. He had his left
foot very badly crushed. It was caught
between the cars as he started to jump
from the train. Ora Jones, 11 years
old, who was on the Visalia train, had
her head out of the window and was
severely bruised. Wing Hing was the
worst Injured passenger on the Vlsalla
train, as he sat in tHe front seat of the
smoker. His head and shoulder were
cut and he was braised considerably.
: After picking: himself up . from the
wreck he started across the fields and
has not been seen since. B. O. Farmer,
J. C. Hlller'and J. M.. Ho well, all
traveling men, got off luckily with a
few cuts and bruises. The accident
occurred at 5 o'clock. The limited at
that hour i3 usually far. beyond Calwa
station, where the, lines branch, one
going to Bakersfield and the other to
Visalia. The Vlsalla train usually
misses the limited, as by the time it
reaches Calwa -the limited has passed
on- its way to Bakersfield. The limited
was five minutes late to-day, and just
why the conductors were not aware of
th;» other train being on the track is
not clear. The limited had just rounded
the curve, leaving Fresno station when
it met the Visalla train, which was
running at full speed. A freight train
on a switch obstructed the view and
the engineers saw nothing of the dan
ger till the two trains were upon each
other.
When the two engineers saw the
danger, whistles were blown and
emergency brakes put into action, but
It was too late. The train crew on the
local Jumped in time to escape injury,
but those on the -Limited were caught
In the crash as they started to Jump
from the cab.
The two engines bounded back fully
Two Passenger Trains In Head-On Col-
JUEET WITH A CRASH.
wrecked coach. • (
First reports stated that many were
badly Injured and several killed. Tele
phone messages were sent to nearby
towns for physicians. A doctor from
Tuttletown and another from James
town went to the scene of the wreck
on the new railroad automobile Just be
ing tried on the Sierra road. They
made wonderfully quick time to the
wreck and lent valuable assistance in
caring for the injured, some of whom
suffered more from shock than from
wounds.
SAN BERNARDINO, June 25.— Had
the overland train on the Santa Fe
Railroad been reported late to-day, and
it was late, a soldier train sidetracked
at Needles would have gone out on the
main line and been run into by a train
of five coaches which had broken a
drawhead at Ibex, some ten miles-far
ther up the steep grade, and which
went through Needles burning the
brakes. The accident occurred just as
a freight train consisting of a caboose
and eleven coaches of the interurbaii
type was going into the siding. A sec
tion of the train broke away and
started back down the steep grade.
A brakeman placed a red flag on the
head end Of the runaway train and set
the hand brakes, j At Java the train
slowed up some and he jumped. At
Kleinfelter the westbound local had
taken the siding for the overland just
in time to avoid a head on collision
with the wild train. At Needles two
special trains of soldiers were on the
Biding waiting for the overland and a
large crowd was gathered about the
depot. The main line was cleared. The
runaway train passed through there at
a rate of thirty miles per hour,' creat
ing much excitement. The brakes were
burning up. Immediately the yard
crew pursued with the switch engine
and caught the runaway train on a
small grade four. miles east of that
place.
Breaks Away on Steep! Grade and
Dashes Through 'Several Towns.
WILD FLIGHT (/f TRAIX.
But little warning was given and
no one except the trainmen had time
to Jump. The passengers were thrown
in a heap at one end of the car.
"There were not many people on the
Visalla train," said J. C. Hiller, a trav
eling .man for the Brunswick-Balke-
Collender Company of San Francisco,
who was coming from Visalla, "and
those who Were there are lucky to be
alive. I was sitting in the buffet car
smoking. I heard the whistles of the
trains and noticed the emergency
brakes being applied. I stepped into
the aisle and braced mself for the jolt,
but it was no use. When the crash
came I found myself flying to the other
end of the aisle, with the tender crash
ing through the front end of the bag
gage car. The water from the tender
splashed over me." . ;
Conductor C. E. Baker was in charge
of the Limited. Engineer Charles Rich
and his fireman, were uninjured.
twenty feet after the collision. Their
fronts are completely flattened and
the huge cowcatcher beams are but
splinters. The tender of the Vlsalla
train telescoped the baggage car. The
tender, mail car and express car on
the Limited are all heaped together.
The cars on the Limited which are not
injured were unfastened and sent on
to Bakersfield. '
ST. PETERSBURG, June 25.— The
general staff has received the following
dispatch from Lieutenant General Sak
haroff, under date of June 25:
"Since the morning of June* 23 the
enemy has continued to advance to
ward Kaichou. Three detachments of
cavalry, each consisting of four, or five
squadrons, led, and were followed by
dense lines of infantry, behind which
are marching columns of the line. The
Japanese outposts toward evening ex
tended along the Ho Valley, about nine
miles south' of Senuchen; with the cav
alry posted in the rear. The infantry,
with machine guns, held the village of
Motsiatung, on the right flank. There
was firing all day long. We had one
man wounded.
"The frontier guards under Sub-
Lieutenant Demeyer ambuscaded and
fired upon a squadron of Japanese cav
alry, which lost considerably, ten of
their horses being killed.
"There had been no further advance
of the enemy toward Kaichou up to 1
o'clock yesterday afternoon since June
21, when a movement of the Japanese
was observed from Khanza, Jn '. the
southern Siuyen road, toward Kai
chou, along the mountainous route
from Khanza leading northward to
Slakhotung.
"The Japanese on June 22 occupied
the village of- Siandiao, but toward
evening evacuated the j place under
pressure by a detachment of our van
guard n
"The enemy concentrated three bat
talions, with six guns and four squad
rons oJ cavalry, at Matsiavaitze, and
at dawn of June 23 a detachment con
sisting of a battalion of infantry, two
guns and two squadrons of cavalry
suddenly attacked a company of our
vanguard bivouacking at Sandiao and
forced the company to 'retire. The
Japanese occupied Black . Mountain,
north of Siandhiao, and also the pass
east of Sandiao, on the Slkhotung road.
"The Russians concentrated on the
heights near Siakhotung. Four com
panies with guns were ordered to move
from Siakhotung over, the pass to Sian
dao. The Japanese were dislodged from
thejr position by our artillery, and our
detachment, reinforced, proceeded at 11
o'clock in the morning to attack the
whole of the enemy's front. The enemy
fell back in utter disorder, and Sian
diao was reoccupied at 1 o'clock In the
afternoon. Our artillery fire forced
back the Japanese, who retired precipi
tately beyond Eritakau. ' •
• ."Our losses were 6«ven soldiers killed,
three officers- and fourteen soldiers
wounded and one man missing. The
officer commanding the detachment
speaks highly of the behavior of our
artillery^
•'fcome Cossacks on June 23 prepared
an ambuscade .at Lintsiakhe, about
four miles from Selyuchang. A Japa
nese detachment fell into the ambus
cade and lost fifteen killed and wound
ed. Sub-Lieutenant Polozoff of the
Russian force was wounded.
"At 11 oVlock in the morning of June
22 a Russian detachment reconnoiter-
Ing three miles to the eastward of
Aiyangamen exchanged shots with the
enemy's vanguard. At about noon the
Russians advanced and attacked the
Japanese on the right Hank, dislodging
them from several advanced fortified
positions.
"A Russian detachment at 5 o'clock
in the afternoon approached the en
emy's main position and found, it occu
pied by three regiments of infantry,
with eighteen guns. The Russians held
their position until 9 o'clock, not at
tacking the Japanese because of the
latter's superior force, and not being
attacked. Our detachment then retired
in perfect order toward Saimatsze. Our
losses are Jfiot yet known.
"The town of Kwayensian has been
evacuated by the enemy." . •
General Mistchenko Reports Brushes
With] the Japanese Vanguard. .'¦¦
FIGHTIXG OCCURS DAILY.
The " position of General Kurokl'8
army on \ the Sluyan-Kaichou road is
unchanged. General Oku's army con
tinues to advance from Senuchen, trav
eling, six . miles per day and marching
in order of battle, evidently expecting
momentarily an attack from the Rus-
ST. PETERSBURG, June 25.— Major
General Mlstchenko, commander of the
Eastern Cossack Brigade, according to
reports received at the War Office dat
ed" yesterday, attacked the Japanese
advance posts on the Siuyen-Tatche
kiao road and a sharp engagement re
sulted, in which artillery was brought
up and the Japanese forward move
ment was arrested, on this road the
Cossacks lost seven men killed *and
three officers and eleven men wounded.
LIAOYANG, June 26.— The armies of
General - Oku -and General Kuroki, ag
gregating at; least six divisions, are
confronted by the huge force under
General Kuropatkin. The tension here
is most acute at the approach of the
most .important battleof the war, In
which three times the number of troops
engaged at Kuliencheng, Klnchu and
Vafangow ..will take part. The prox
imity of the rainy season makes the
battle unavoidable.
elans. Oku was about ten miles from
Kaichou yesterday.
The city is full of rumors that heavy
fighting is In progress at Tatcheklao.
These rumors are said to emanate from
the Palace of Peterhof, but no con
firmation is obtainable.
Huge Force of . Kuropatkin Confronts Kiiroki
and Oku and Greatest Battle of the Far
East War Soon Will Be Fought.
MISTCHENKO'S COSSACKS CHECK
ADVANCE OF JAPANESE ARMY
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 26, 1904.
22
ASVEB.TISEUZHTS. K%J
After Forty-Two Years
Of successful merchandising, I am
now about to retire.
ONLY SIXTEEN DAYS MORE
And I will surrender the possession
of my store to the* Olson Bros.
Prices Cut Again
The record for low prices daring this SIXTEEN DAYS* SALE,
will live in the memory of the ladies of this city as being un-
paralleled.
Special attention is called to the reductions made in the CLOAK
AND SUIT DEPARTMENT. ' '
Yon can now buy FINE TAILORED SUITS, SKIRTS and
JACKETS fully 50 per cent below regular prices.
BLANKETS, COMFORTERS, WHITE SPREADS, TABLE LIN-
ENS, NAPKINS. TOWELS, SHEETS and PILLOW CASES
Less Than Mill Prices
Several hundred samples of MEN'S UNDERWEAR, the products
of the best mills in the country, at 27c f 43c, 63c and 77c per
garment. Worth just double.
75 dozen MEN'S UNLAUNDERED SHIRTS, made of best quality
New York Mills muslin, best linen fronts, reinforced backs, the
regular 60c shirt, for 43c.
xoo ENDS AXMINSTER and BODY BRUSSELS- CARPETS—
sold in piece from $1.75 to $3.25 a yard (1 to 10 yard lengths
only), at 40c and OOc per yard.
All parties who have made partial payments on goods reserved for
them are requested to call, pay the balance and take their goods
before July 10.
911-913 Market St.
B«^ B|"* ¦ J^jMaL "K"* W^ l^T*
FROM TKE GRE2N RI.N'D OF THE PAW-PAW
THIS la something new. Not a Common Massage Cream, but a highly nutritious Food for the
Skin, which nourishes and restores the. wasted tissues, fills out the hnilow cheeks and neck.
aa well as develop the shrunken And immature btst In a most remarkable- manner. Never
bc-fcre has anything been discovered to equal it. Ladles who use it are enthusiastic over
its marvelous effects. ' A few aDullcationa make the rkln soft, clear and velvety. It Is th=?
only preparation that 'will remove all trace of wrinkles, no matter how deep the furrow. ;
Soli by Department Stores PPIfH £1 OO Mailed to any address, ors-
and Druggists. rKIWO, OI.UU paid on r«oeipt of price.
rjpprp? one of Tllden'a Special T3c" Complexion Brushes to every lady sending $1 by
rlvLiL mall for a package of Paw-Paw Skin Food. This offer applies to first order
only. Write to-day; tWs offer may not appear again.
O. Jm. FISHEB ft CO., Suite 12, 30-36 Z.a Salle St., Chicaeo.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
B. KATSCHINSKI I
Philadelphia Shoe Co* J
[0 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO §
Adjoialngr Can BtilldJaff. y
RIBBON BLUCHERETTE— ;
Best Shoe Values for
Little Money
We give you the best Shoo val- i
ues for the least money. We were
the first in thia city to sell stylish '
and dependable Footwear at mod-
erate prices, and by giving: tha
beat values and persistently un- §1
derselllng our competitors wa j]
have built up our enormous bust- I]
ness. To show the excellent val- fl
ues we are offering we will place H
on special sale this week a very H
pretty Vlci Kid Blucheretta Ox- M
ford Tie for ladies, made with M
high French heels, plain coin toes. El
flexible hand-turned soles and 11
wide grosgraln ribbon. A stun- (I
ning Tie for dress. Sizes I to U
7%. Widths B to C VXXC2 H
81.65- Jj
PATENT CALF FOR DRESS I
Very stylish and a low price. 1
Ladies' Full-Foxed Patent Calf B
Eace Shoe, made with dressy ex- I
tension sewed soles, neat rounding ||
toes and tips and dull mat kid W
tops. A new. nobby style. We I]
have them with military heels for I
ladies, or with the new low school IS
heels for young misses. Sizes 2Vi E
to 8. Widths A to E. SA&E II
FSICS Sl.Su. It
DP.ESSY FOR CHILDREN
On special sale for misses and ;
children. A stylish Patent Ca
Lace Shoe, made with neat exten-
sion soles, comfortable coin toes
and tips, circular vamps and heel
foxing and dull mat kid tops. Very
nobby for dress. Widths B to D.
SPECIAL SAI.E PBXCEI
Child'* sizes, with spring heels.
7 to 8 $1.1«>
Child's sizes, with spring heeU.
8% to 11 S1.2O
Misses" sizes, with low school
heels. 11% to 2 .91.45
Young Ladies' sizes, with low
school heels. 2% to 5ft..$1.8o
BOYS' SATIN CALF LACE
A neat appearing Shoe for boys.
Made of the best grade of satin
calf skin, with heavy double ex-
tension soles, full rounding toes
and tips. Made for hard service
and absolutely guaranteed for
wear.
CUT FBXCZ8 THIS WOTXl
Little gents' sixes, 9 to 13% . -95c
Youths' sizes. 1 to 2 S**fi2
Boys' sizes, 2fr to 5H 81.20
SEMJ 70S OTIS HIW IXIiTTS-
TSATED CATAX.OOXXE,
B. KATSCHINSKI
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 THXBO ST^ Baa Txaaetsoo.
DK. HAIX'S RroJVIGORATOn
¦tops All losaes and unnatural dis-
charges In 24 boars. You feel an
Improvement from tb* first to**.
We have so much confidence la our
treatment that w« offer Five Hun-
dred reward (or any case w« can-
not cure. This lecret remedy cure*
lost power nightly emissions, • wasted organs,
yaricocele, Kl»«t. strictures, kldneya. falllrs
memory, drains In the urtn«, tonorrhes. dU-
eaie of tha postate glands and all other terri-
ble effects of self-abu»e or excesses, which itM
on to consumption and death. Positively curej
the worst cases tn old or young ot that morti-
fying condition, quicknesa of the discharge, ana
wanting to do. and you can't. Seat sealed. $2
p«r bottle; threo bottles, $5. Guarantee*
CU Cal* n or C adSre*s orders HALL' 3 MEDICAl*
INSTITUTE. 853 Broadway. Oakland. Cat
Also for sale at 1073 M Marie t St.. 3. F. Send
for free book. j_l______^__
jffllJi.Yery Woman
*VuM T&iivt A.\kl\ »bou« t&e wonderful
llv\i^\WUra MARVEL Shirting Spray
\£\QS>>ySglB>^ _ ni-Moit Confenieni-
*•* f" '""W 1 * 1 •* •*• \r'%.' NHL rT^^^*"
If ho <-»nnoiijpplj the V* fQBmiyfrJi .
M ARVKL. accept no
other, but »enil sums for. - ; % v r^%7/fv
llln»trat«l book— •»»!**. Itrhrea • TBK m '*'!§
full Mkttieolar* and direction* l»- aJfr M a
¦»»in*bl«« to laoMea. M A RV Kit C O« rfjiMii.'». lhl M
4 1 rark tt«w, X«w * erk.
1&2 New Moatgomary, San Francisco. CaL
WllUam Hatteroth (Ladies' Dept.). »? SotUr.
Union Prug Co.. 400 Butter and 100 Stockton.
je^SBUxA MENANDWOMEH.
M^f^VW^^M Cm Bl« G tor ¦»¦»"?'
fc*-*f Tt~~m c«im*». Pftinleas. »a«i »«* »»« la *
fiJTlTHlEMICCHtMimCa. ««nt «r potio«oo».
\jZk OUMUUUTJ.B J^g ••«« ¦>» » l^«« U^ r
3CSSfcaw by ezprMS. I****"*. •
W illHWrl'l •!«».•'> ke4U«s tS.7L/
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ilST^LLJ. j. \ ..._.• -¦¦-¦¦",,, ' .. . TVtBBS
. San FrancUco. Sunday. 26 June. 1904.
office desk, $25.00
With the dozens of new patterns which have
been arriving daily, for the past two weeks, we feel
safe in asserting that we now have the largest stock
of office furniture in this city. Our entire basement
showroom is devoted to the display. '. Weathered
oak, golden oak and mahogany are all well repre-
|i||| The desk illustrated here is a low roll top, sub-
stantially built of oak, with hardwood drawer sides
and equipped with the necessary pigeon holes, draw-
ers, letter files and indexes.
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
261 to 281 Geary St.. at Union Square
j DR. FIERCE'S REMEDIES.
"h^/' LtQ*? VTH
C— - '• •'-"¦ •¦ ¦ "fry ' _y^<O I'
A woman worn-out, who never has to
lift a hand for herself, ' who does not
know the meaning of the word w worry" I
How can it be possible? That it is possi-
ble is proved by the experience of many
a woman who, because of sleeplessness,
nervousness, backache and ether worn-
anly tils, becomes an utter physical
wreck. - :
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription gives
- new life and new strength to weak, worn- '
out, run-down women. It establishes
regularity, dries unhealthy drains, heals
inflammation and ulceration, and cures
female weakness. It makes weak women
strong and sick women well.
• "I suffered for five years with inflammation
•which caused violent pain and often torture so
bad at times that I could not be about to attend
to my daily duties," writes Mrs. Julius C. Bell, j
of Batkroaa, Kingston, Oat "Life was simply
misery to me and I did sot know which way to
turn for relief. Had tried doctors but found
they did sot help me. My druggist advised me
t«» try Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription— eulo-
gizing it in glowing terms. I decided tb give it
a trial and brought a bottle home. - 1 am happy
to say that after the use of the first bottle I felt
so much improved I decided to take another and
after that a third bottle. I have rood reasons to
be pleased, for X am to-day a well woman, work
' is easy and the world looks bright. I hare per-
fect health, thanks to your medicine."
Sick women x are invited to consult Dr.
Pierce ijy letter, /w. Address Dr. R..V.
Pierce, Buffalo* N. Y. ' i ;;-'•
"Favorite Prescription'' makes weak
women strong, sick women well. ' Ac-
cept no substitute for the medicine which
; works wonders for weak women.
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets should be
used with "Favorite Prescription" when-^
ever a laxative is required.
Especial attention is invited to
the
DOMESTIC HELP
and *
SITUATION WANTED
advertisements.
Readers will also profit by care-
fully scrutinizing the
REAL ESTATE and BUSINESS
CHANCES
advertisements in THE CALL.
See pages 42 to 47.
C. If you'll only give as much thought
to the fitness of the food you put inside
of your body as you do to the fit of
the clothes you put on the outside of it,
you're pretty sure to make\"FORCE"
t a part of your breakfast every day.
y /?
The elements of energy, will, brain-power, push. Initiative, tha
ability to command success, all lie waiting you in "FORCE."
In its flaky deliciousnesa are combined minute atoms of fat,
starch, gluten, and phosphatie salts which are eagerly absorbed
into the blood to build vitality.
No other food contains so much quickly available nourishment
for brain, blood, nerves, and muscular tissues as "FORCE."
Try it for one week and see.
¦ - ¦
APVSB.TISETVrRNTa.
DR.HOLSMAN
The Master Specialist
CURES
n a HP I C° ntractec *
\ ments
And Makes Weak Hen Strong!
< 8TKICTX.T BE1.1AB1.E.
I More Than 17 Years' Success.
Ccnsaltatloa Free at O&co
or by Mall. .
I MAKE NO MISL.&ADINO STATE-
MENTS -or <SecepUYe propositions to the
afflicted, neither do I promise to cure
th-m YS A raw DAYS In order to cecare
their patronage; but I guarantee a COM-
PLETE. SAFE AND LASTING CURE In
the QUICKEST POSSIBLE TIME without
le«v;s; Injurious after effects In the sys-
tem and at the lowest cost possible for
HONEST. EKILLFUL and SUCCESSFUL
TREATMENT. I cure
NERVOUS DEBILITY,
BLOOD POISON,
VARICOCELE,
STRICTURE,
RECTAL, KIDNEY Disease
and all reflex complications and
associate diseases and affections.
IXJoubtlnr patients may treat un- I
til cured before paying. \
If you cannot call, write for Question list
and FREE BOOK describing my specialty.
Correspondence confidential.
C. K. HOLSMAN, M. D.
j 729 SCASKET ST. (Top Tloor).
Hours— D to 8 6aily; 0 to 12 Sundays.CHEFU, June 25.— Steamships ar
riving at Chemulpo from Moji, Japan,
report that large numbers of Japan
ese troops and horses are awaiting
transportation at Japanese ports.
The , loss of life resulting from the
attacks of the Russian Vladivostok
squadron on the Japanese transports
Hitachi, Sado and Idzumi is now
placed at 1500.
Disasters.
Extent of Japan's Loss in Transport
FIFTEEN HUNDRED PERISH.
TATCHEKAIO (Between Kaichou
and Haicheng), Liaotung Peninsula,
Wednesday, June 22. — The Japanese
forces are twelve- miles from Port Ar
thur. The whole male population of
the town, from the age of 15 upward,
is under arms. The women are as
sisting in the work of completing the
defenses. Civilian cyclists occasion
ally establish communication with the
outside world.
Assisting Port Arthur's Garrison . in
Completing the Defenses.
WOMEN TOIL IX THE TRENCHES.
/ A strict guard is maintained at
Kronstadt. Even the warships'
launches are not allowed to enter the
naval basins after dusk.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 25. — Work
on the Baltic squadron, designed for
service in the Pacific, is being prose
cuted with redoubled vigor night and
day. In order not to impede the work
the crews are not mustered to salute
the commander in chief when he visits
{he vessels.
Operations Are Prosecuted With Re
doubled Vigor Night and Day.
WORK ON BALTIC SQUADRON.
Japan demands only"" that she be
considered with the other great pow
ers in the solution of Asiatic ques
tions.
VIENNA, June 25. — The Allgemeine
Zeitung says that, according to a dip
lomatic note received here, the Jap
anese Government has resolved, • in
case peace is restored, to demand
nothing else than was mentioned in
the Government's note of December
last; that even if Port Arthur be tak
en by the Japanese she will restore it
to Russia, respecting the Russo-Chi
nese agreement, and that Japan < will
regard Russia as commercially per
domlnant in Manchuria.
Will Not Attempt to Hold Territory
Captured in War.
JAPAN'S MODEST PLAN.
CHEFU, June 25.— There was firing
at Port Arthur last night, June 24, and
to-night. The booming of big guns
was distinctly heard here to-night.
Eighteen Japanese transports have
been seen going westward along the
Korean coast.
TOKIO, June 25.— Admiral Togo re
ports that on Thursday last, June 23,
his patrol boats discovered the battle
ship Peresviet and seven other vessels,
accompanied by nine torpedo-boat de
stroyers, near the entrance to Port
Arthur harbor. They warned him by
wireless telegraphy and he immediately
advanced his entire fleet, except those
engaged upon special duty. The ad
miral then discovered that the Russian
fleet, which consisted of six battleships,
five cruisers and fourteen destroyers,
evidently had planned a dash south
ward by sundown.
The Russians stopped outside the en
trance to the harbor and after nightfall
a fleet of Japanese torpedo-boat de
stroyers resolutely attacked the Rus-
Eian ships and succeeded in torpedoing
and sinking a battleship of the Peres
viet type and disabled the battleship
Svastopol. A cruiser of the Diana type
was observed b'eing towed into harbor
on Friday morning, and it was evident
she had sustained serious damage.
The Japanese ships sustained little
damage. The torpedo-boat destroyer
Shirakumo was hit by a shell, which
fell In the cabin, three men being killed
and three wounded. The Chldori, a ves
sel of the same class, was hit behind
the engine-room, but no casualties re
sulted. Torpedo-boats 64 and 66 were
slightly damaged. .
LONDON, June 25.— The version of
the naval battle of June 23.' off Port
Arthur, received by the Japanese Lega
tion from Tokio, is identical with that
of the Associated Press, except that in
giving the result of the torpedo-de
stroyers' attack on the Russian fleet, it
eays: 'H : /m
"At least one battleship of the Peres
vlet type appeared to have been sunk."
ST. PETERSBURG, June 25. — The
Admiralty has no direct news of the
naval battle fought off Port Arthur on
June 23, but fhe announcement of the
engagement evidently created no sur
prise here, the officials being aware that
the Port Arthur squadron was ready
to put to sea at a moment's notice.
KAICHOU WELL INTRENCHED.
General Kuropatkin Prepares to Make
Determined Stand.
XEWCHWAXG. Friday, June 24. —
The Russians seem unable to reform
their plans, which have been upset by
General Kuroki. and are losing inter
est and heart in the struggle.
Newchwang is" filled with rumors of
more fighting to the southward. The
reports come from native sources. A
few Russian officers, who talk guard
edly, say the rumors are untrue, but
that General Kuropatkin intends to
make a determined stand at Kaichou,
where many mines have been laid and
trenches constructed.
The field telegraph between Kai
chou and Xewchwang, which was fin
ished on Wednesday, was cut in three
places last night and five miles of
wire carried away. This is supposed
to have been the work of Chinese In
the pay of Japanese.
WOl'NDl'D PUT TO DEATH.
Russians Reiterate Charge of Japanese
Br.rbarity in Battle.
LIAOYAN'G. June 25. — A Russian
correspondent with Major General
MIstchenko'E division of Cossacks,
which is opposing the junction of, the'
srraies of General Kuroki and Oku in
the neighborhood of KaJchou. Bays:
"In the fight of June 23 the Cos
sacks were unable to remove seven
wounded men and the latter were
slaughtered before the eyes of their
comrades. The Japanese afterward
indulged in mutilations.
"The Russian losses in two divisions
et the battle of Vafangow total 2786
men." < .-
Oyama Supreme in Manchuria.
TOKIO, June 25. — The statement
that Field Marshal Oyama had been
apointed Viceroy of Manchuria was
incorrect. He is appointed to the su
preme command of the .Japanese
armies in Manchuria. This command
does not include the forces in Korea.
TO PREVENT A JUNCTION.
Knropatkln Will Attack Ilurokl Be-
fore Oku's Army Arrives.
With Oku — Four divisions and and
and a half divisions in reserve, includ-
ST. PETERSBURG, June 25. — An
unnamed Rusisan general Is quoted in
the Viedomostl to-day as declaring
that this is the eve of a great battle,
adding that General Kuropatkln -is
moving to meet General Kuroki,
whom he will dispose of bpfore Gen
eral Oku arrives. •
The army organ figures that the
armies of Generals Oku and Kuroki,
when combined, will consist of eleven
and a half divisions, exclusive of cav
alry and artillery, divided as follows:
A party of General Samsonoff's
Cossacks recently : raided a Japanese
cavalry outpost, ran off thirty horses,
killed the mounts of two entire squad
rons and escaped without loss.
TASCHICHIAO, Manchuria, June
25.- 1 — The Japanese recently used dis
guises in attacking- the Russian out
posts. They commandeered all the
clothing in the village of Slakotan on
June 22 and on the following , night,
disguised as Chinese, attacked the
blvouack , of Major General Mlstchen
ko's men. The Cossacks retired, I05
ing fourteen men. Many dead were
afterward found mutilated, the char
acter of certain bayonet and saber
wounds indicating that they were in
flicted after death.
Don Chinese Garb Before A tacking a
Russian Outpost.
BROWN MEN USE DISGUISES.
LONDON, June 26 (4:30 a.
m.).— A Rome dispatch re
"The Tokio correspondent
of Giornale D'ltalia says :
'"Admiral Ouktomsky, and
750 Russian officers and sail
ors were drowned by the
sinking of a Russian battle
sliip outside of Port Arthur
on Thursday."
Ing the Fifth, Eighth and Eleventh.
With Kuroki — The Second, Seventh,
Ninth, Tenth, Twelfth and the Guards.
Vice Admiral Togo's Detailed. Report Described
Thursday's Battle of Fleets and the Sink
ing of a Big Russian Warship.
THUNDER OF BIG GUNS IS HEARD
IN DIRECTION OF PORT ARTHUR
though they were kept on short ra
tions.
Don Jaime Goes to the Front.
NEWCHWANG, - June 24. — Don
Jaime, son of Don Carlos, the Spanish
pretender, who has a commission In
the Russian army, arrived here yes
terday and went on to the front.
Cossack Scout and] Railroad Man Es
; v cape From Japanese. /^
LIAOYANtJ, June 25.— A Cossack
scout "and* a. railway man ' have Just
returned here- after haying been held
prisoners by the Japanese." They man
aged' to" kHl their guardiarid escape al*
night and rejoin the" Russian advance
posts/.*; • v • • / ,:
They ; report ! that i they were. 3 kindly
treated durlngT- their' ."confinemeht,
KELIi THEIR PRISOX GUARD.
KING : PETER TO BE , GUEST
• OF SERVIAN REGICIDES
Accepts Invitation to, the Regimental
' Dinner of the Seventh
Infantry.
BELGRADE, June 25. — King Peter
has accepted an invitation to be the
guest of honor at the regimental din
ner of the Seventh Infantry, whose of-*
fleers planned . and j executed '- the mur
der of .'King; Alexander/. Queen Draga
and others. In June. last. :
BERLIN, June 26.— Colonel Gaedke.
the correspondent of . «j.e ~ Tageblatt in
the Far East, In a letter to his paper,
dated Mukden, May 27, describing a
ride from Mukden to Liaoyangr, com
pliments*: the ". Russians highly upon
their ; brief administration of the af
fairs of the district. He says that
absolute quiet prevailed and that there
was no. sign of robbery- The natives
appeared never to have heard of the
Japanese • invasion.
ministration of Mancliurln.
NAT1VES AVELIi TREATED.
? /
German Writer Praises Russian Ad-
TOKIO, June 25.— A portion of the
Japanese troops at Takushan were in
two engagements on Thursday. They
flrst surprised and routed a squadron
of Cossacks posted at Hsienchlayu, ten
miles northwest, of Santaokon, on the
road to Tatchekiao, and next repulsed
a force of Russians who occupied a
hill north of Santaokow. . The Rus
sians retreated to the northwest, their
artillery [. and infantry posted at.
Tatchekiao covering their, retreat. The,
enemy left sixty deadton:the field.
Leaves Sixty Dead on Battlefield Cap
tured by the Enemy.
RUSSIAN' FORCE REPULSED.
THE 'SAN FRANCISCO. GALL, SUNDAY, JUNE; 26, 1904:
"Maria, what has becoraa of those
slippers I got a few weeks ago?"
"They were looking eo snabby I gave
them to a tramp this morning:. "What
do you want of them?"
"Nothing, only there was a S3 bin la
the toe of one of them that I was go-
Ing to give you as a reward If they
were still here at the end of three
months." — Chicago Tribune.
23
-' ADVEIlTISEMZNTa Vv> V
BORAXOLOGY
We live in a world of microbes.
There f s never any telling when they will
fcreak in and steal your health certificate*
There' s a way to make your house burglar
proof against microbes — use BORAX*
Use it in every cleansing process, from the
kitchen to the bath-roonfc Borax is not
only a cleanser* but an antiseptic* To add
a little Borax to the bath water is to get the
most refreshing and cleansing bath imagin-
able* To put Borax in the wash is not
only to make the clothes clean and white*
but sweet and pure* Imitations are worth-
less and injurious* \ Get pure BORAX*
20-MULE-TEAM BRAND.
For sale at drug and grocery stores every-
where in J4, Yi and 1-lb* packages.
The famous "AMERICAN GIRL" PICTURES FREE to perchasm cf
*20-Mulc-Teim Borax." At stores or seat for BOX TOP acd 4c in stamp*.
Pacific Coast Borax Co., New York, Chicago, San Frandsco.
Twenty Mnle Te*m— Oar Trmde Hark.
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
Don't waste money ar:
jdon t take chances in buyi;
'promiscuously. Schilling's Be:
are entirely safe; at your gro
cer*s ; your money goes further
#^ [Sf^^B^Sii Ready-to -Wear Suits
IIU^ 1 y P.VVi i ' * i Gf late we have been telling you of 'our
j^^^^l^^S^ J^4r>,^ hMjJ^K;--,. great growth— a growthvin ten years from a
4S^&^/'^'« i- !lM$ferZr A^"' .'• :^\-\>- small tailoring sftop to the largest outfitting
' i^^S^S^A* Hi 1 mM ! X -¦ ' i$M *<• > store wes * of Chicago. -
I i H J % ! We have inclusively shown that this
r^Hl * *fe> '?'V $ growth was due to proper methods and good
O V h ¦"/¦• ' 8^ ']•'£ l\ merchandise. We grew because 'the public
•* ! | ft:\ : :itJ : i\ found our merchandise to be what we claimed
4 '4. . jt l0 be-thoroughly reliable and under the
T^^^^^^^f^^^^^ =^ ====^Z^ 'Vi^^F^fS^\' prices usually asked for goods of the same
Jif % o%%S?^ P ''^ "#^:"\ quality. . ; 3 .;•;;
'¦- K \~ ' r - M U \ - %; Another interesting fact is this: Our busi-
llptMftS' W^^fisSf W>&FxM fi"<*Sy ~ is increasing faster than the population
Mr' ': s W0 '"Wi\ 'k) v mfc? of San Francisco. This city, is growing, but
HffiO-' ' '/ W';' .' ri ?W &-¦¦¦¦ where San Francisco shows a growth of 14
&Bg ' : .- { I r^fe^ |&f% P er ccnt m tne increase of population, our
j^^^w. : \'-'\ f 0^£:J% 'If''' business is showing an increase of 22 per
B§ga : -' ' \ \'A M^ 1 i^ cent over each previous year's record.
;'"•£-"' 1^ j %. - 1\^\$ shows that we are drawing custbm-
'^ff&0 §i$. ' |i, ers away from other establishments. It shows
y?% \ V"- n that more men are realizing what can be saved
WM ? 0: | : //I \ I \ in buying here. • The growth of our business
\ |: ,/;/ / / % \ ii \ must reveal these facts or where could all
Bagful $&%$?» y y%y 1 * V i?i v'\^ O ur s u ' ts iave st yle a "d qualit}'. The prices range from
liM '^ &*Mt $ - <ln&!&&0t i$k«fi&>«<*<F ?S. HO to Jp.'IS. 00. Your price is within this range. Buy a
J^m^S-?--- %j&3} " MIl V»\ %/&^''\&%!Fi&$f l^f:v*l f Uit — ca^' ' l . a tr ' a^ Purchase — you can have your money back
KB ":i I apt' x • f f % '•'/ Mail Orders filled— Write To-Day,
,.*>'• 740 Market Street
"i, - fk. Tl VTTW.TTfi'P'.T*Tr»T3.
I HANDSOME BEDROOM FURNITURE.
I ' ' - Everything to make youry room look comfortable and !
1 ho'melike. The best goods for the least money has always \
I been our aim, and we are to-day. better prepared than ever to
I show you the -latest styles in Bedroom Goods, Parlor Furni-
ture, Dining, and Kitchen Outfits, Carpets, .etc., at 26 per cent
; flower prices than elsewhere. In buying from us you' save the
" rent that others add to the cost of their goods. That's so j
much saved by you.
The J. frqonan Furniture Co.
1017-1023 MISSION STREET, "¦»"« "'""¦¦ |
'-._.¦_' ' ¦- V__'_7 . ; "''¦"" ':£.__.' ADVERTISEMENTS.
PROMINENT PHYSICIANS PRESCRIBE PE-RU-NA.
Dr. M. C. Gee of San Francisco Says, "Peruna
"^|I_2_J is of Especial Benefit to Women."
\\. James Crozler, M. D., formerly U. S. Pension
¦^^g^^^* J^ ail^^i^-^ Office Medical Examiner, formerly on the
\ oat^i^^^^^^^wfe^P^^^^^^^^^^^^^Ev^SH^lys I t * ie doctors have overcome their prejudice against
' : ' ' \ Uw^^^AxJ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^wiml'OTT n h so-called patent medicines and recommended lt
S^Jy^M^^^' Pill WPj^^^^
can honestly recommend if to the public as an ex- mT^j*^*-*^ ld\ /Q}^~*
ce/lent remedy for catarrh and colds. Jrfein \\r% x -r» -o^/*iTr\ /rZ^QjZszj)
a. p. Bog»,, u. p.
Catarrh may invade any organ of the people say Peruna cures catarrh. Prom!- Women are especially liable to pelvic
body; may destroy any function of the nent men and women all over the catarrh, female weakness, as lt la com-
body. It most commonly attacks the Jilted States from Maine to California monly calle d. Especially In the flrst few
head, nose and throat, but thousands Jrint to lay that Pe?™na °s whatsit Is weeks of warm weather do the disagree-
upon .thousands of, cases of catarrh of recommended' to bo. an Internal, sys- able symptoms of female weakness tnako
the lungs, stomach, kidneys, bladder and temic catarrh remedy that cures catarrh themselves apparent. In crisp, cold
other pelvic organs. haye been cured by wherever it may be located. weather chronic sufferers with pelvic ca-
Peruna. . fc DF M C GeP*«i EtfnPrlPnPP tarrh do not feel so persistently the de-
Peruna is able to cure catarrh wher- "*' ' T| ' «*• u f B » experience. bmtatIn g effeots of the drain upon the
ever lt may be located by Its direct ac- _^ r -. 1 «- £ G e « 1^ a one T ° f a t 1 he tf phys!< ii anS system, but at the approach of summer.
tlon upon" the mucous membranes. rV^'^'jon^sUee 1 " b£"&iSSSS? wlth " s lassItude and tired feelings, the
Catarrh means inflamed mucous mem- Cal.. he says: sufferer with pelvic catarrh feels the
branes. Peruna acts at once to cleanse „_. ¦• . need of a strengthening tonic,
and invigorate the catarrhal condition of There is a general objection on the part
the mucous membrane, no matter where of the practicing physician to advocate pat- Pernna Is not only the best aprlng
lt may occur in the body. Its action is ent medicines, but when any one medicine * onIc * or such cases, but If persisted In
the same on the mucous lining of the hundreds of people it demonstrates wU1 effect a com P lete cure - Wrtt « *°t »
nose as on the mucous lining of the bow- ., 5 r.unaroas orpeopie it demonstrates copy of . TIeaItn and Beauty." written
els. It cures the .catarrhal inflammation lts own yalue and does not need ttl9 In ~ especially for women by Dr. Hartman.
wherever it may occur. dorssment of the profession. if you want to read of some cures also
wr^rV 11 * Robbins> Musk °see. I. T., "Feruna has performed so many wonder- write for a copy of "Facts and Faces."
"peruna is 'the best medicine I know ful cures in San Francisco that I am con- That, will surely convince you that our
of for cough and to strengthen a weak ui nce d that it is n valuable rented* I'-nv* clalms aro vaIld -
stomach and to give appetite. Besides vmcea that it is a vaiuaoie remeay. I ..are
prescribing it for catarrh, I have ordered frequently advised its use for women, as I If y°u a ° not derive prompt and «atis-
it for weak and debilitated people, and ff _ j lt ; nsures reaular and nai-lp** mrn factory results from the use of Peruna.
have not had a patient but said it helped fmd " [."»«"•« re 9 J '^ and painless men- once tQ Dr Hart
him. -It is an excellent medicine and it struation, cures leucorrhoea and ovarian fulI statement of your case, and be will
flt "I S °ha n ve n a UrgT practice, and have a troubles and builds up tht entire system, be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
chance to prescribe yoift- Peruna. I hope / a/so consider it cne of the finest catarrh vice gratis.
andfuff y erinl? 0n&tOd0e00dtOthe8lCk remedies I know of. I heartily' indorse AddrcS s Dr. Hartman. President of The
We say Peruna cures catarrh. The y.our medicine. —M C. Gee, M. D. \ Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. Ohio.THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 20, ; 1904.
24
~2 • 7^ T^S 1 I You will never again be able' to put furniture into your home at prices I _ ! - I" ~|
V¥@Stil@F@y O^lC as low as we are now quoting in this great Clearance Sale. Our immense GH0 COllCfilCS f
Nearly al. of the weathered oak piece,, of our. first floor have come Store haS been Z ,Wtk With eager buyers." Ask SOme Of yOUr m th5s Clearance Sale our Beds and Couches are also cnt and are i
tS^SSS^S^^ friends who have been here. The credit find the cash prices of these bein * <***¦* at > out an ave^ e of one - thifd off thelr fe^ lar va!aes -
their regular values. ¦ • .• . . , » " 1 1 . i^^^ — »_^ ¦»— ~- «¦¦¦ mh _mm «^i^ "^»9
1 sale goods are the same, and you are as welcome .to the one system as l^^T^S^ ri'iiiij4 f
rj^\ •: : .i*B I ' ltfl I? I fc^^^^^l' Within two months this building will be nine stories high, with five stories S^^^T% || y|\ fc ' |^^^% 1 1 I 1 1 1 1 fi
S'* •" <; - : M \ "¦ !1 nlw^^^^ 5 of an annex, and a half-million dollar new stock will be put up.on its floors. This 3? 5 » i = - j
i;^^ftf V r^Jnr^^^^^ is the reason for these enormous clearance sale prices— GROWTH.
[] p 81 J^lj^p There arc scores of old lines that we arc clearing out en- ¦ — r — — "~ — f ai " — — -
I UL i*- JTT^ ff tirely. In some there arc but two or three pieces left; in others frrefafjj 1 1 1 1 II III I
j c^ bi* withered W4J0 w-tt J2^mk ****** there are more. In these cases prices are cut regardless of TT . t y 11^^*! *f . , , . ¦ ¦ if
!i Oak Chair — Uphol- Chair — Solidly $35 Mastive Eomaa Arm. •>.. ¦ • _¦ ¦^¦^_« 111 I Ml Jj-i_n_-fcJl-oooO K^k ' V-E\ ;A ' I <
srtr~sa.fid SSSr^ft-iffisa original cost, and many of them are mighty low. L
M covered in Spanish seat covered in °" back panel. A great '?>W'H*!uu^ ,¦ " "*-^^>-^ ? J — - - - ¦ c**v£&£k£%>£*3~~ r y~t^^' "J J« I* - 3 Q
|j roiui ekin tf*-*^ rA heavy brown Span- chair for library or den. 81 8H £ H H SiilP^^^T 8^^^ *f |j]j| fl
} S5S Great TnrkUh Rock- $14 Weathered Chair WS 3ftonaa Table— S« inch- 'sTs'oo^Mak.iw. »..»?>•«"¦ tOD* CUt tO ~" tt_ ""* ' "*-^ ' U
li f foT t * P^ oU i er *li & n —Upholstered and ca acrbs.. Finished In- Chair — Deep upholster- *-• .^* ' " " ' ' ' "i ' ' ' ' " * W
e,2£h^£ o^ »«rTr;r aui ; ir w — d w2 b so $8.00 ¦• irs's:^::.^ «g /^^^i^^^^^s^ I
I .* Strongly braced; These form some of the biggest bargains • "' .• ¦ A Few Big Dining-Room Clearance Cuts
1 *"plTo e is££d d ISS'^^-ow s C terS"wifh Cane Seat a n d in the house. And they are all covered in $ 3OO Sideboard, a massive piece of furniture, made of solid, qaarter-sawed
I] t 8 urned an spindie °S£& Epan^ h « hl P hand steel B^ in^ and covered back, a perf ect m ¦ swell patterns of corduroys, silks and vc- '^ °& e « H g^d e n e8l oakS i°Ji oa^!J d K in S°lden finish; topped with great Corinthian canopy J1AC
I and^ms 8 Ahijh cii^, ed A •?*» } he "hlr £5 « s^ .«^^.k i, W w, ' »^««h «"? wTii poUshed..? . \\ 7 upheld by dragons-all wood sculpture. Clearance price
1 SS-ZZSr* %m SS^S:$18 i^^.-.^SlTlSQ Comfort Chair. ..:„....,...„ T 1^ $30 Dining Table, in weathered or golden oak; made with pil- tin HU
H »P*V •••? - • . ' _ mmmmmm ~ m^ m ~~ m ~~~ mmmmmm ~~ mmmm ¦"" """"¦ -— —^^— — — • aster pedestal, shapely and well made. Clearance price.. 4Jif.f1}
m~ re 1 t jr \ r • <• V ', . - 1 ' ' ~d^^ gr-r t i ' . j(V .2^.1. fffc r= '"l ., ,-. — ¦, ¦ - m . $ Ia Hand carved, golden oak, hand polished, upholstered tf*7 QA
fj If you are a lover of good furniture and are furnishing your Wjffi^ fwf WM/wk ICSHC^fiS leather seat Dining Chairs. Clearance price $(,D\J
3 home with individual pieces of tasty design, you can find no better W^^W^^yWmjM^ J^WlVfim^ AT AVUA A^ U **^ V^ $30 Golden oak China Closet, with bent glass front and ¦ Cl^ Cfl
l| opportunity than now and here at this big clearance sale, where /^ // $40.00 Quick-Meal Steel Ran^e, the scientific French plate mirror. Clearance sale 4^^^'^v
M so many odd pieces are being offered so low. ' P^Kfc^i W&Sll ' range of the Twentieth Century Steel Iin^d' bis $2S -^^p ol , den T Corne u r c *»** .Closet, with bent glass front and birdseye maple
fl * *_ ° wA\*r<ZWfflw/e^/Mwdwll iciu^c ui Luc iwcmiu i v^cuiuiy. oicci niku, uj^, back j ust th( . tmnsf to savc roO m space. Clearance price ff-j Q f\f\
A mn _ j — ¦ num. JM. jtl v/m^wi'W^'// i^pAi oven; coal or wood burner; with EZf\ '••••-. ••'••••' 4»*O.uu
|] We have never before offered carpets so low as we arc doing this" M I^^S I | C °° k - Th e, ran^ \ S P*™* With CXpansiOH COfflCrs; J f
H week— and it goes without saying that nobody else has. We have over ' ,O gij^ZS'' ''> f t. ]^ r => <^ V, '// SO, Wnen t!1C StCCI eXpanflS tinder heat, the extra I
t\ t wic c as many patterns of carpets on our display floor as any other house in 'mrffflMs'l'* J&ZZZZZJ. U7A length JS taken UD at t!lS COmerS and- dOCS HOt WarD ' The Drapery Department also comes under the hammer of the I
M San tranasco. Over three thousand rolls to show you when you come. " ,'HH 1 m<) J tMJWgr 5 !^ W//// fhftrMnr F,,«« tho rfamnDrc rf n ,mf «nm ft •„ nn «fn^ Clearance Sale. There is plunder here without end that will ro for ?
I TADFSTRY RDIJS^FT For h .iii or JJfl feS« «| th .^ s l^ es ' Even the .dampers do not come in contact cost and bclow it . It is the shopptrt chance of a lifetime at b f rKain .
I X £W I-J 1 IX I DKUJJLLJ stairs; pood patterns and designs S§i wMf/ff/L P&J Wltn heat It IS a Scientific range and it COOKS hunting. The Drapery Department is to be twice as large and all new
I in ,^,.;d S a^reys. A. oppcryni.y y yo^ have .^ 11^^^^^^ fOOd 85 food OUghttO be COOked. :- :. 7 ' MA^TOTH A M I A r« ri IDT ATXTC '¦' J
|j hid ¦ - ¦¦¦¦ ¦**-' _ •;-¦ -v- ¦ '¦••¦¦ , • - •¦¦•••.» - ¦ ¦¦ JNOTTlrl fan Ar\ LA t/t CURTAINS 50 ° ? ajrs !
if BDUSSFFS Beautiful carpets in elegant colorings of velvet rich- ' •' Clearance Pric^ a t»* — A Few . Clearance Prices Clearance Prices at, ¦ fiorai styles'; mostly white, a big bargain, clearance price? 0^ 1 !* 311
m uaVkJkiLiLikj ness. Rich rose florals on deep navy *-\xmr - • - Random ': ' ' .' . v OttntoH a* - D/inciofTl ' ¦'" ' •« i w* 1 Ranrinm ¦•* per pair .; ' CJoC*^/^* •
1 ground; Oriental designs; heavy tans and perfectly woven two- JSIG 1 .f 13110 ?" 1 * \ ¦' • ' «OOiea at . Kllliaom , ; , KaHGOm. ...;...............::; "* *J<&\*
g tones, in reds and greens. By the yard, sewed, lined and laid : V * ><v-- $3S roldtor B»d. ««7.r.O - t« TOm Olir f lOOrS. $ias Katdpany Dre«seir.. .. .;i.siOO -^^, . w A -v . -v» . « T - . '" ""
1 VELVET CARPFTS Ntw w cts at ancw p rice -- Beauti - ? 5SS oS^u^&ST! 1 ;::^}^ - si 6 oweath.re a chi a »oic..t....»s8 SiMaSA r iKS-«ii:'::::SOI! REAL ABABIAN LACE CURTAINS T h r , e c I
K »*-•*«»*-•* V/^llViri-i iJ .f u i two-tone effects" and far e t an- 8265 Mahojraay Bed Stt.......ain5 825 Golden China Clo»et. .:. .SIS.r.O 325 Uphol«ter«d Ea«y Chair.. ...{SIT. i nn _ Kv i- ;nr1i*.« \virf*. Ynnr >"!,«;« f -»u **'*-"v a r d s
H florals in delicate designs. A high pile velvet— but differently ¦-. / 8150 Kapl. B«dSet.. :....... .SKMf 855 Mahojr. totaling Table. .g»1.RO 835 "Weathsred Oak Bocker. . . . . .SI O lony by 4» mciies wide. .\ our choice of either tape -^ g
H ff*^ vvear t-'t.. ifwnrS 95 C: ,. ys?^ B -B fl .f rt ::::::::;:::::!5^ ¦88. B 5SS 1 .Ki 1 S»?rfr?:?l??rf8 SiSJc^ per h P l a t dass dnvc - Good $35 ° V3lu "- $1.95 I
M you for years. Sewed, hned and laid *^"V 825 Oak Foiaiair B«d;.t.......;«is 3135 Solia MaHorany B»d Set.. .«S,"5 »9 Am CSali #4.iiK clearance price, per pair V**^ ,
B A VH/rTXTC*»T*12r^«r« n. t.- t * a c j< • * '¦¦•¦¦* .¦< • $40 Wtathered Booicat*. ....... «i» fi- $37.50 Mahoffany Ore»«r *5<» S130 BcU Top De«k ....... .*«7.."»(> 'nrklN'C TTiT A >.T/*«12«r« e • t_. r
U n XlYllNNTrRS Thc lll S"CSt g^uc of Axminstcr carpets made. : S59.50 Leaded Bookca-ie «;{5 316 Maple Dresser «112 SGO Rcll Top Desk JS.'IS.oO KOPC VALANLrS Suitable " for door and archwavs
H J^lITrUUll-,iVJ Luxurious deep colored, high pile coverings, in - 824 Mahogany Bookcase ...,,:.. 840 Maple- CWffoniwr -'¦*§H -910 Bonua tChair... ...... ..-/SS.g? S T~?. 1 .V^T Eighten inches deep; ' crill effects.
I «t ftll BS 2Sffi )Sg^( I gS : »ffiBS?^j !: 1^': |> Sp &5?^^iaSpil«i §A Two hnes to choose from.
I Sewed? Hned laid" The ya?d " hlgh - ffrade tj> 1 .OU S37 - S0Bnffrt .¦..¦¦...¦..:...¦ .«2O 8130 Mahogaay a-. ....... .»7» .810 Opon Bookca.e .... . v. .85.75 $2^0 styles; clearance price, each £&3
I 0*97 I\A1\U ni\TTCC«CT C T\TT/iC r j • " -' " '"¦' ¦ ' v $3-25 stvles; clearance price, each :..;91.75
ri Sli PllIlY nPUSSri S DIJhS In thc newest designs J& m * l *teag>«f£& - ,--_ -v-v .««.,.-„
4JJJ K Y. 1/X OKVi33L,L,3 KUU3 and thc handsomest- YV^ §4A^^ A • ff\ " -$? 00 COUCH CO VFD^W wo cover,, woven in two-tone
| patterns. Sizes 9 by 12 feet. All that we have of rf>rkr* >*•>•> ' lllU% w4 © \ - V %] . *P J#VV WVW1 U V C «^ brocade tr.es- JT^^^^fe
j them to bc cleared out in this sale for «}>!£i2 o §(j . 4 % Ik, S> C\(¥^\ C\^\ ft^'5tC\SV "" sid"' arf 1 "" l0nfi: - and 5 ° inchcs *' i(ic - r rin R cd SI KO
1 TNI ATO IIN0IEUMS In & oodbu5lncssIikcaswellasm^e.. Ill ;\J J\wW)\\Wl\l u'TO, if" en 11^1^'^^^^' r> ' f
h UlLlUJi LU1ULLVI iJ homelike lternSi They will last un- r'|& ¦ ' - • PURITY BED G0MF0PTS p , urcst of t
I til completely worn through, for the color gofs dear to .-" V ? «THE CREDIT HOUSE" 233-235-237 POST ST, . filling and . covered with daW paTurns ol ffijured "oline C ° U ° nTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY. JUNE 26, 1904.
25
».*9Jt>JtWMwrjvr.9,K9,9W&>w vj*X^nw*M»jr. *r^r a v,* ****** »UUgUl 8?>«*l«*i ****Bi ********
f j3g£8ss. J for the last week of June that s %21g£T 3 * \
i Fcr three days' sale if quantity m f1 % ' f JL. 1 f *-£!*£- . _^ -Z* ' X / ' Just arrived from New York 30 S
v lasts, beginning Monday. TflfT/i £9 7~}f*}f*^f X T~/*% £t / M J~ ll T*t *M M~ W W f T 7 9 ff/7£J M- f^TTfty^h^J 9^ dozen new mercerized sateen petti- S
S 7 5c size Mennen's Ta'cum ? V Ml^ CL/LJLS£^CiJL LA*s CUl£ LJUUL II L-LJ CLJLLLL I JL £XiJC4^1 L/£JL1 L^llClOCI ZJ* coats, made up in three attractive •;
K ~ d j~_ **+ ,v s f# # ¦ +^ H'; • ' *^ *-A • X • - styles, all wide and full and per- *
\ ;;:|p|iii?l uur Money-Back guarantee protects allhiu/er^ |^gi^@ j
«C $i.co size Dr. Charles' Flesh Food Z? \ /^ , ' .-¦ ¦" . - <^. » hecl wuh * fatl doubIe ruffl " S
5 «<« — — »--¦— ¦— — -^ — — . — —^— ¦ n^ MwmMi »»_-__^-«— ---¦¦_¦_«_______¦__— H^_—._M MM * M _._M- H _>M..M._M_^.^B^_i^^— -_¦_—_—¦__.—— _-—^->- Another style u made v?kh a trim- «J
| Women's and Children's Hosiery and Underwear Enticingly Priced \
J s oc size Allen's Tooth Powder . So Children's Lace Women's lisle Thread Pants— Women's Cotton^^ Corset Covers Women's "Vega" Silk -Vests— Women's Egyptian Cotton Vests. Women's Lisle Thread Vests— The third skin has a wid= flare fioua«, with *3|
S 20c .be Allen'. Talcum Powder Sc Ifete ifOSO-Solid .11- Jersey ribbed, knee len'gth, -Jersey ribbed, high neck, Swis. ribbed, high neck, long -Jersey ribbed, medium " Swi.sribbcd.lovriieck.no f^T^^'o^l^^J™ S
f 20c size Eastman Bath Powder fOo !>*% hT'k'T"' crmi " 111 " 1^ 6 * rc y long sleeves, t convenient ' r , sleeves, white, pink and sky; weight; also pant, and cques- sIeevts,«irawnwitJj silk tape through t ha: mot: stores would ask js.oo and *i.z\ *J
It t re- «;»- Wi» H i r" 1 M r' doriDlac , C regu ar 50c Dana, wnite Only, an un- garment to wear under waists; made equestrian drawers to match, ankle trian tights, unusually fine quality, nsck and arm hole; color white; for, Monday and for thre= days, it <rt»ntity \
fc . z 5 c siz. »v Jicn naze, . article; for Mon- 4%*%^ usually good gar- *%**** of light material; col- *%££-+ or knee length, &+ *%B cream color only, gar- *y^»' best 25c vest made, on «O^« lasts, your choice at .. >£ * O CT •*¦
> ;• IUO day only, pair. . .*»MU ment £m%9%S or white, each. . . . mJ%*%0 garment . ...*$> K m dSZ* m:nt %9mMO sale Monday only, each. »C»C? • . - *P B BmJ>%J Jj
I Embroideries fSc \ Fireworks I Fireworks i\ «/#fr SMr# IVa/s/s $2.40 I Vk/asA Goocfs, 5c, fie |
»r worth 30c to 65c vard k wi j / .. c .. ... ... nfl ; _ +h . Worth Up to $5.75 £«££&& By All Odds the Most jS
v J K |\A > We are ready for the Fourth with everything in the . r *?? ?• c.i. thic v... *
V i«; nnn^"»r-?« nf h*»TiitHnii\r finUh^'! pmhmirlprip<; //\ c- . i- AL A n L j * L i ¦^ ?r Three Day? Sale If Quantity Lasts, 4f»£ikB*V Attractive bale This Year „*
» l^ f uuu^aras or ceauthuny nn^nea emcroiaenes, fcU Fireworks line that will be needed for home cele- » • • m- j «P®fT\ , , . V •*
j; from the best makers in St. Gall, Switzerland, ili?!! M hration and nipht disnlavs ¦ Beginning Monday. /fr N§dJ Thousands of yards of fancy striped zephyrs, x
% ,vnrl-H nn fi nP ntialiti^ nf Su-ks min«;nnU' and EPSSm 07 ' This 5l " Wlist oppo«u n »ty that we believe is \ chambrays, ginghams, etc.; also a big lot Ot -J
», ,, . x ' . , ,. M'l^^ Ml rireworKs Catalogue give, full particulars and d«c.i?t.ons of our vvithout parallel in all of your shopping expen- L^-riM fine percales in light ettectS, and percales With -J
* C '.rubric ID nil the Hew Cattern's including CSX&HeiS b£I maav assortments, and the lowest prices for evcrtth-'ng you will ncei in u • c i l j j t> A- K9pl a . .. . . , , , ,• • ,_. X
camrnc , in^ a u ine _new P™rns incmain^ ™.ra «/ fire / ork|orfl • c , taI frt p e t0 o^.^ addrcS5 , cr ean en CCS a coHection of several hundred Taffeta, indigo blue grounds and fancy scroll and Ltce *
x French blind, Tenenf/e and the open work de- •JAU // be h a d by city folk, on a PP Ucation to Fireworks De F artment. Peau de Chine. Crepe and Peau de Soie designs, choice wash fabrics, worth 10c {|
»; signs/so popular this season. Widths from 5 to ,\\\ | // Fireworks cannot be shipped with other goeds. They go by express Waist., .11 of them this season's produciions f$ffii$iim[w\ and 12^c the yard, for three days Pgg* *
•- iS inches, for skirts, corset covets, deep flounces, underwear, etc, 11 \tt // or freight, and must be packed separately. in des:rab-e coloring, for evening wear, prettily IW^/r^t/lW^k^\ selling, while quantities last • ... _%
jr with in^rnon, to match, worth joe to 6 S c the yard, * ff \\ \\\! // cxceotionallv low oHces • d31Dtlly uimmed ' > a flct a do2en /iliffPw? Al^M A great lot of Fancy Dimities, Lawns, Batistas ?
J fettodmccJugifTuntnh* f«PG \ VJ // Note our exceptionally low prices , broken line, of w.isu worth up to $5.75 'AjwIZIp ¦ flUWh and other sheer wash dress fabric novel- |
£ , tl Vjff Special ex. djnamke firecr'ks, pk 5c Gold Chop firecrackers, 2 p!cs for 5 c each (some slightly soiled from window UJmpa4xV/Jii /?* Y^-r^l\ ties in pretty patterns i'nd COlorin^S "?
t /ISZr* n««aC»C M**4o 1CZ*% 4^in.Am'rc-nredhead.,prioo,6 5 c Extra pistol firecrackers, pack .. and counter displays), all marked at the f^^^TW/i^^X not a piece of which is worth regularly* leSS \
\ *#'*#Cr MM COO llt;id t%3%0 *^MrfS» Mcdium $: " pisto1 firccr » ck " s > rij-ic, 15c, ;oc one astonahing sale price/ &*£ d[££ I i'^ftl WJU&PC^fy^?ff tnan 15c the yard for three days sell- jO^*
S -A large lot of black Tosca dress nets, suit- "t ' * (^^^O& f in2> if i-»»««y "^ »>«"•« . . - »O |
«»! able for COStumeS or Separate Waists and m^ fl*S£aiEr I03 medium «db«ds . . 39c Giant tor?edo«, box . . . 4 c Come just as early as you can to partici- Mtjv^r V Fanc y Colton Bovrcttcs— i he choice up-to-date shirt x
»" skirts- no<- a niprp wnrth 1pq<; thin 4 s ?'- % K8PW1 .co large redhead, .... 45 c Electric torpedoes, box .. 5 c pate in this sale* for the color you want or KW-' I waist fabric, and for outing dresses, children's ;„
j: SkirtS.nO. apiece Worth less than 40. \J^Ki&k '<»• redheadi . ! ..„. 1> AD 4edoe., 3 .5* your size may be gone if you delay tootong. . wash dresses, etc., 23 inches wide, yard.^SC : 5
k the yard: marked for three days -.^ >$/xi\"^JS$ Torpedo canes g c Lady firecrackers, pack.. ioc ¦ Japanese Crcpc— New fabric for swell wash suits, *
£ selling, if quantity lasts, yard. . IOC && XjS^ftT' Repeating torpedo canes.. 25c Extraioudcracken, 3 P ks ioc SSllO Siiits S&ffll JSlCHGtS plain or striped effect, in all the popular olor- :'
\ A larjre lot of tinsel gauze, in black and gold and ASSORTED BOXES FOR CHILDREN Many Short lots and exclusive Summer lines Of tailor- M olcKy wlu^-Jn assor'tment *of n^w S
it tan and gold for fancy costumes; worth 4ac the- $1.00 Assortment made dresses now radically reduced in price to close them effects, patterns and colorings- including the :5
yard; special tor three days selling, it 3 = . star candid 1 Fire Kinir 1 Toy pistol out at once • ' new gun metal and champagne ideas, all mod- £
* quantity lasts, yard . . ., :i a-sur candid 1 Hummin. n« Top 12 boxes caps for Toy pistols -m*^ eratelv Driced at vard '5
t eEltVYiS-^Biu. Lt«ht. 3 jewied voicnoe. 3 P k KS Pp. ex. Dynamit, yr^^B*^ Tailor-Made Suits$8.7S and $9.7S-Mostof them eraieiy pri^ea at, > aru . JOC *
k" r, Ursre Pin Wheels r. farad's I^re Crackers v'jSrfTOWK/SV Small SIZPS T f PW n f thp brnpr McrCCHZed ZephyrS 1 he Loraine .Mt^. CO- S PC2U- .«
t #?n»U#«^ iSdK.^ Fb< . 1 ffi SS%2S5K5 sizes amon^ the ° ?9.7S suks This -^11 tiful. wash summer dress novelties, exquisite in 5
g £flT)fS &Un& VmZmWB 3 H^made^serpent. 2 ore^Metgr sue*. g • b e a great opportunity for little ivomen and colorings, quality, tone and style, here per -J
K /^^^ - 4 " lnc i 1 >"l^ w er Tt>;s 1 Silv-fr Vesuvius Punk '^^tL HlZSSfS. Black and navy etamin: and novelty mixture su ts, yard ...J/.... *+QQ ~f
k fe^iS fiflOnCfay Otiiy CO OO Ac<;nrtmpnt with Eton jacket* and even length skirts, values np to giy<;o. fr
S ?"* f - O-A«VU ASSOnmeni . /&Bffir ,V± B:ginning Monday . . . . . « Q y ff and T*« _ *
k i/ 6 2- Ball Candle. 6 Eitr, Uw W»eel8 2 Green Meteftr Stick* / Wfi fittjL* ¦ W m * O ln<i 9O* £ O 3?£»#«a EX«a*» «S^//T>ff9 *&§1gTHCk(B> «
k JfT/ New Norfolk ana doublc.breastedjackct « s-Baii c»nm*s i fos^Trtan^? wheel i Briuunt star stick fi Jfl^ IMiK ' Toilor-Madc Suits ..$11.75 — About fifty suits in O«I#C? wSUdSmMUMa «p#7Cf&9 •*
k" /^K&p^\ suits, made of strong cheviot, either « e^Baii candiu 12 "woe uSht« '" * Toy Pl1 ** 1 ,_„.,, S •&« J i$%\ this lot ;. every One a good value at the Values for the Whole Familv *
k /W"-V>^ i' \ ««««. Ki.,- «, KU/.V ;^.» -; k. f« •> T-oz. Rockets- 4 Jeweled Volcanoes 12 boxes Caps for Top Pistol C a TiW/I g \ vWK. . . , . V*. .. . , , VaiUeg IOr ine W nOIC rflniliy %
k V /^ ' y \ y ' J rght or 4 --°- : - Rocket. « rascal* i pkp Ei*ctric Torp*dn PS 1 1 WV\VY J / YY > -\ original prices, but now lines are broken and M „., x «. e^«,, WpHn.-Hn;
t 'I / * " F r=scn: and laI! -« r -g° od V fe?i, R S k nV a s > LI , ht J STi-Sr F Mr n e Top> 3 «raf k P ers Ex - Dir " ?lllld // |»r ») »« te f sed « « -"' J™ « «« co! «l" » d -^««s „ fc i"?" da> ' Tuej,da> , W edne s day .,
T« *J% o • ( w * ' doub'.C Slltch-d teams, fiz;j for 6 to 3 *-«" tnow«. r Pots 1 Kire Klne 1 rl<s ristol Kirrcrack^rs II MirtfWf 'KM'" »^/ prcperly made and tailored; some ot them formerly sold at For Ihc Children — GOOU, Strong VOX -,- "I
J- «Vk il Ar f . , ¦ . , , ,, , 12 Hand-mad- f>rprnts 1 n»d Reneal Slick 50 American ItcJhcaJs It aMflXA "V11 // <;^. 50, now aU one' ptice •. . . . . . Stim7S -olf l,- o cl-in&c t.-J-It n^jr f-itl •EflSS3P?3 «
V £ji . if' 16 years, certainly th: bes: blue and iii Lkrge Pin wheels 1 windmill Punk ll fjivX Wl - „ M j c j. c.t ftn c , c "' i/o <-alt lace snoes, u Kli neat lull '^gS^g -2
k Y- e " My black inia we ever lold for 10 Iht!e. Children's Assortment of 159 pisces for $3.5O \4 J!U\ TOt " , 514.90 — bome of our very rounc i toe> spring heel, sizes )&Mf/A *
fc Monday only C&fM Exhibition AiK>r:ment of 97 large pieces, *5.OO XaQi 1 1\ \ |» best sellers; values up to J25.00; all sorts of SJ<to 11, worth H."50; sale M^MA «
t t -nv^i " " " •*•¦***' Exhibition Assortmmt of 107 large pieces, S7.5O AMilli U materials that are popular this summer, made nrjre 81,18 J&sW%%& «
I fim Boys' NCW RvSSian Wash SvitS—M Elhibition Assortment of no large pieces, $f 2. Ot# , 1 up in correct S tylt«; a great chanctniw t 3 buy an _ ... , ".* * * J r > ? n^, . S
fc n\V trom the maker, madras or chambray, And many other assortments Up to $2 Z.OO k\\\ \1 extra dre«,fo.- tlie tt arc marked only $14.9 O Misses sizes, Jl/s to -, sag ,J
5 1 » inplaincolors.al.owithprettystripe, ¦ ¦ k \\ \ \\\ Pon S «e Shirt Waist Dre,,«, -That were J». 5 o to now price - • . . .. Si f-28 J^Wj^&P J
\ I o f Contrasting co;or,sL that g CMItl'S POrC^IO D^SS 29C ' Fl |l V \\ T^ Silk ShirtV.,^ b^.-T^we, vSh ' |
If Ei/ watn rucely and give good serv.ee. Why Ip — yil \ \ now SI7 SO »«»-•- w.v»wiuj, niui
S S e buy so;; = d or mussed mits whtn you c.n get Less than Materials Cost FiimW-<X\ silk FouUrd "shirt Wtiit* Drei'so— That were «iV 50 "full round toe and patent leather tip, hand turned .;
y Jpj@ Ki here new, fresh goods for bo>-s _^ c# « jZ, ?g£ > -«**» . /#, /]k[lV-r^ \ and j 14, 50, now . . . S1O.9O sole, low comfortable heels; regular $1-50 shoes. 'J
tf 10 * J"i»for 9lmOU Sn^AV) Tc-raorrow and ior three days, while quantity lasts, IM /JM \l\\\\ \ \\\ \ Lintn Shirt Wabt Dresses- Fine ones thu were |io. 7S , sale price $1.15 *
i -^ lT-fi we are going to blithe pr^ty :itt:e / J m ov •-".- ~... ,-.V $8 ' 50 For 4hc Boys-* 'Little Gents' » dull kid top. vici S
75c Mohairs 49c IKBS^^ -t^«iSl!SS^* b|^#M#feSfe I
J ?^«C Mt?i- . '^"V^Vr^ki;^- / S t^' f^t^f'-" d *7.5© *« 10 to 13, resularly J 1.75 pair; sa^ f pn« i
f. r ¦» e o 7 y i i / i^Si;^|»»LQ.,v\ 5 ' * * -^— >^—^»Kiii^—«ii^—^HM^Mii^^^KM,^^.^.^, have hit only sizes 4, 4U and c, th:rffore instead of $1.9; th: m
«J. wear. In this ict are the best and mort des=rab!e colorini*. such a. / UWV-^\ Litt'e Girls' Dresses— in tiz: 8 only ' »W_ ___ E^^BgM «»»».ra~»# # . pair, we make the sale price to close S1.3O fr
k; cream, white, royal, nary, grays, brown, gobelin, champagne, tan j ' Vw^i (with slight alterations may do for BTlOU SGmBOMS3 &iMPffjiy «$«*#€? . For the Men- Russet calf oxfords, v*kh full extension soles; regular *
J an! black, an exceptional 44-inch <jualty,re S uhr!y 75c the yard, y<<A WJuJImOA » scvcn or nine year* old girl). Nankins tab'e damask blanket cnmfnrt* ofr J 3.50 value, for . . . . . $2.5O V
I r WO Groat SaoOals^ 3 ilKl^PPli^^ ||fe|g T fg^i g^^^f^^ 1 ?!^ 5
* * V/W Urtdl law^gak _*mt^['\ t V ¦• '{¦' ' "i\'\\ g :nDln 2 Monday, each , I/O" these arc nicely hnshsd ntat dam«k pat- Bleached Damask— 69 ir.chts wide, beaut fal r -J»
k' «» m mm - W - ~& '& l i life Also a better grade, in the same tize tern, sue 20x20 inch:s— per doien; tulip design and border, regular va.ue }i. 00 >,
J Mei?'s Fumsshsngs ¦ l^P^^liiMM^ oni y _somf re i .w c a dresse,, <^«^-s {..S|^im«. Ca^ i^.^ l /^-- •/••/«? Breakfast Set 42c .5
». •* . ¦ «Hh ¦**r^£JFl~~~Z-*- J , f 2. co styles, $1.58 Lamping Bianktts— \\ ell mad;, not thr shod- « *•-...¦. k.. d - . w
V GoU Shirts 35c— Vou might as well pay 35c for your •¦ W "" - <a& worth up to J 2.OO and $2.50, 24x14 inch size, per dozen; • dy kind usuaUy offered at such low p.ices; JL Q A ftae itn.utioa cu. guss Bu..er J
V . - . m < . „._..: j.j „„,. I wKV marked to close out f%0*** *2.75 styles, #2.28 10 quarter, light weight, $1.00 fhe pair /fV^N >&*£~^ • Dish, Su;ar Bowl, Spoon —
.Uinrncr ihirts as 75c or^I.OO, provided you can get 5\ now ff&C Half Bleached Table Dam«k--Extra heavy .« quarter, medium weight, $,.35 the pair f=K£^^S^^\ Holder and Cream Frih« ; S
b ihim just as gooi and still «ave ths money, and that's ?*•*-'> Second Woor' ' quality, 60 in. wide, reguUr 65c value, 11 quarter, fancy border, j 1.50 the pair ijTlflfl nfrl Te^" : 7 8 S C sct i *P edal f or "?
? exactly W hat you can cio Monday. Tuesday and of CMitiren > s Hats an| / Cap S I^BuSi b.m»k Jfc,^^^ M ffiS^^lx^ H^J' W 1 .1^ 2£^*5 «^
* cdncsday, :r the quanti::c! !as:. We have a dozrn /B #»*•»»# f % *xm*4^ nn 4 fag* 4Hf fi fS inches wide, vahi; 75c, special, yard . 48c these, 62172 inch each, 95c; 66170 inch VIjS^ MiC^ «
t cdd!o:iof 75c anc*S 1.00 madras and percale shirts. MUOUW &*f3 B " W * J£" h *"^J* d some few Same 'i" 3^ 6 » inchf ' wiie » var<i ' S4O each, f 1.15 and $ 1.4?. .. $
t with deuched cuffs, in « variety of good og^ A 6 S bon"^^^ T he Great Popular Sone-Success CilSpttfcrs 26c <^SSgi=j£> J
I" pauerns, which we have marked to Close . «*W*# dainty tucks, hemstitchid effecti, French hind-made and handkerchief caps in the assortment. H 6 ' Royal blue and Cuspidors* /^UJM||5|pSBK %
t; .w, B.:br- s -.n Undrrw W 29e-r»e,ua2: y fancy B-ibriggan, We u.™ 1 ?. f- thc !>««, for thr« daj ,, beginning Monday, wUi be: Way Down in My Heart regularly 45ceach; specialfor" "?
j. rtiung «J curate, ue^l made the usual 50c kind, on ipeculfae Hats and Cafs word! u? to : 2.CO for' .' SGc B \fO GOt 23 PGGiiifSg tOB* YOiS three days, if quantity lasts, "?
W beginning Moncay, arrf for three day* ,f cuant.t.e. Q Hat. an! Cap's worth up to J 3 T flS ftr ' ' SSO D , , * - M fO each 2Go X
» las, sarment . .............. . . . mwnjmjr Sales Table— Main Aisle. -,- Regularly 25c Copy— Monday f»O _ «
5: ¦" 71 Z~I • «^ ¦ _ ¦ _,. ¦; - - ' • • ._ _ ¦ " ~* Fresh, Wholesome Groceries •;
t Portiere Sale Greatest Values Yet in Morris Chairs and Rockers At Astonishingly LO w ?»« ;$
I f&^XSmg* 1 . • Tfte Sa#e of J^jvan Matting Continued One Week )^^^^^^M I
Z' iasis, vanning sionoay. , ; :. j ... _ immr , *" B , '?%.** . . • •• -/ favorably known staple brands hnd shelf room in .%
g Have you a cozy comer to fix up? a couch to The^enlargement and other improvements which we have just completed m the furniture and carpet sections our model pure food department- Polite and at- J
}J cover-* A doorway or odd corner to be draped ? enable US to display our. immense assortment Of sample pieces^ in a manner which we have never , been able to ac- tentive service and prompt, free deliveries. These -5
K if so, read these items: complish before. Whether you are buying for a single room or for a hotel we are prepared to. fit you out with the bast special values, Monday and Tuesday. :^
\ $4.50 Portier*,- Re ? , A n» Bre . n d u^rv WS ave«, b a variety of goods at theleast possible* expense. ' : Don't buy .without looking over. The. Emporium .Furniture and Carpet Stocks. f "j7;.5K 5
% J3T. e f e "!' . h ."! ily . 5 ° valucli ?'>' .^.aS -— --f±^^^^f^^ _i ' Tne sale o^ : New- Japanese Mattings in many pleasing patterns continues imported Castu Soa P -Lar 8 e ban for tBo $
I $9-co Po -t ier£S _ M^Jrf Araiu ' ret ' in " «„" h«vy",«17tv,"»ith i^^^^^^S^^^^^^^^^ one week longer. See prices on the picture. .^^^^^^ nc * y ****>«?*"-*•****«*' * »t f«s •*X»**Oo *
tf wide velour border, beaud ul si ky fiai.h. colors brow:,, olive, green l(«;j:;::^^^:.^W^^^W^v!^5^ , feSt-^SSS** A -< *. # C^^^T^ Kona Coffee-Other store, char 5= 2 5 c ani 30c ths lb.; th:s week s •%
and red; for the three days, par: S6.50 '^M® • " *' W'-fctrTM* HaiidSOttiC MOMS f%b£®VM C Omf OV t * b '° sale pnee, 2 Us 35O *
K _ ..' n . , ' * J L . ,. K§&/ X*/^;,1ffl^ltj^ ¥ >^V Y IMS nanasome morns Ijffi^^jm u/a II.Mada %^^ * rea - cho: Ci F ickin 5 unco!or:d jap.r,, 4 oc a.-.d sccraiuts; b. .. -$
Couch Covcrs-Onrntal k :r. FC5> Dagd-i d«; g ns ani heavy gubelm |J|^?/j f *A«V,^fflt^if i™SB35^ :i ii^^AW\5M Chair — Poshed oak, soJld |^«W^ r rSr' O I I ' M 3 U O M ¦»- J ' 3Dfi
t up:s:ry effect, 50 inches «ide, fringed all around- . tf , _ f "'" fl *^^ Bt^^^^ >Ajg^y «•*»««**" , B^fiFfgiQ} A-m Rnckt*r — f^^^^^gT *. " 1 / "^
*. ' .... ' , * _- __ " lil:! 2^4 H nd* Tffii -J.7m V ; metal rachet, 9 steel . tempered springs in Bmg&ffg.;! **rm ttOUKer |ji§s£g=5zl Choice Fruits — Hunt's or Hrlmrt brand, in h:ary svrup, 3-lb can% "^
t I^f'-5°val««i i^f"^ • K1 VilriT *?fll O^kind3 fcd, reverse _l%E!i&Sfi&$ , 7 ""' J5^ peachei «r .tnwbcfriea, 3 ee t^ fir . . . . 20o 5
T. Ihe Js.75 viluis $1.95 each H? I B T1/A « ViM^H, #^ | J. • ' 3 ¦ H . bogamzed birch and jour Qi^Jgg&w j-^S b»nuiM T|t . r J
I,- _ . r ._, . ... , . . .. B]': I J 4yT tn rd. liMM. /<£t Ji At velour cushions; reguUr prxe SK^C=^«^Wj£>»«*i choice of cobS'er seit or up- 3^^ U3 Imported Sardines— Bone!eis, estra Lrge tish, en 2OC X
t I^D « j^* «ffilton ' '^ "" ' CJ1 IM^^T "1" "^ Com-Ar.y and Navy or O ue ,. cf " th, W CJ :, d_ 5 /./O; ;?
* -to each, rprca! for the three day, . . . Ip2.&& W f *Ko]l dt40^ " price for 3 day, Stf.4F5 WL^4^^M^fl wel >nade comfortable f 7 -5' ji^-^--*^ /O© -J
t LaCe CllHainS tW^O^^'rMiL T /?? JM R0mM StOOl-Golden or ' ' '¦ ' ' V JT^VT Sa 3 O-Pearl Ta P :oca or Pearl fcrisr, 5 1- 25O
Jl An asjortment of pretty new curtains, copies of real laces, in novelty, Rj^J^p'TFI^T^* ">4^l^^^ weathered oak or imita- ft^^^^^T[iJ«\|^i Leather-Covered Couch -Oak Kg7f^^fSgSkk\ Good Creamery Butter— Squire 55c .1
g B^andlri.hPoi.d^^ite^dec^o^pa, . «|^^*7^«i| |$!#^ tion mahogany, velour W^^^f » ISS^^.^ W^^O^ Wheat or Oraham Flour- Sack 27c *
k « i»l*GO, *'»o«» *45«l»v :^ : ..;»^*^.- •' i^/ =^H*«l«' : ' 1 f l ,.1N^#/>^ t O Iv " £1 65 ** >rTl price - S4OmOO \s Tomatoes— Hesper'an brand, zj^ lb., doierj QoCJ 1 V"3 ¦ 25C ,T
f Largest Photo fa (he World Couch-Wire, tied ..teel springs, 4l ¦¦¦Hill jT^ Comhrtablc ":Coucb — Well-made .-iteel Po^wSrer^-Ou^^e^r^
i O» Free Exhibition TM8 Week covered in ticking, t good box mat- ?* : "':-yV9.^V fY? >: ' •" tempered springs," good veloar cover- Cutter Whisky- Bottk .60© •*
*: Thi, photograph, a panoramic vic*r of San Fran- cress on leg,, only $5.00 7aT* S* YZrXmV** l^f^^ S g 0 MAS' <*oU?,of.* 7 .. V ** m and color,, S
K cisco, taken from Rusiian Hill, i, 30 feet long and is Fine — Tufted velour coverings fjktm^TmJf . JT ML * sMbA \0JrL JM sMsMyM^&ffl& V nK * • • • .•".•¦• • • $9m00 Cocktails— Whisky, Vermouth or Maalutua, rlxst -JJ
%' nrin-cd from one p!a-c on one piece of paper. On ex- i""n head to foot, a mas, of iteel M £ ftX^^^/y/i/ %T %/m^WWgM 3L^- Box Couch— Large and roomy, box un- - . . .......... . ... . . . . 5Oq **i 25o *
I .;Jd^. & o«of P ,o r dp .-hp,™ -I,.. ,*,-.,«-. -,-i-ii r^ '- — ' J --" - ,-—-;- -;-- 1 -: A —: ;t h '".'"SvS |
•/ » ude but a spring edge all over; a par- maSMlfflflMv^'" - - ings, a choice ot 30 C0iCr« and pat- Boord's Old Tom Gin, or O.-anj- B.t:;rj- Battle . . . .$7-00 ¦£
Ji w 1 ticularly fine couch . . . $37m5O "HHjTjBiPri'™ AMERICA'S GRANOEST,STORE<' terns, price only . . . .$10,00 Dur^'i Medicinal Ma t Waisky- Bo^e . . . 75c \xCANNON'S ILLNESS, DUE ....
TO MALARIAL ATTACK
PARDEE. AND HIS WIFE
GUESTS OF LADY MANAGERS
Distinguished Callfornians Tendered
Reception at House of Bonrd on
Exposition Grounds!;
ST. LOUIS, June .25. '¦; — Gov
ernor and Mrs. Pardee of Cali
fornia were guests of honor yes
terday afternoon at a reception given
by the board of lady managers of the
Worlds' Fair_ in the board's house on
the exposition grounds. The two dis
tinguished Callfornians were received
by Mrs. Daniel Manning, Mrs. Mont
gomery. Mrs. Ernest, Mrs. Moores and
Miss Egan, the only members of the
board who are An the city. The other
distinguished guests included Gov
ernor and Mrs. Odell of New York
and General Bates and members of his
staff, with all of whom the Callfornians
exchanged warm greetings. A feature
of the reception was. the singing and
playing of the University of California
Glee and Mandolin Club.
PERSONS AND ANIMALS
PROSTRATED BY HEAT
Four Spectators of Circus Parade and
Twelve Horses in Pageant Sue- "
cumb to Son's Rays.
FINDLAT, Ohio, June 25.— During
the parade of [ a circus here to-day,
four spectators were prostrated by the
heat.
Twelve horses In the procession fell
and seven of. the animals died. .
Reliable gas ranges $15 50, regular
price f 20. this week only at S. F. Gas
& Electric Co..- 415 Post st. - t ••"* •
HELENA. Mont., June 25. — Richard
J. Finnegan, who was found nearly
dead from bullet wounds in a house
ne.ar_ the Mount Morlah Cemetery last
night, \ died to-day. Before he died
Finnegan made a statement that Mra.
Elizabeth Morrison shot him four
times while he was asleep.
Mrs. Morrison was arrested to-day
at a }>oarding-house in this city, where,
she had .gone after the shooting. She
made no resistance and refuses to talk.
Last W.onIh of Richard Finnegan
Places Blairte for His Death
Upon Woman Companion.
ACCUSES 3IRS. MORRISON
IX DYING STATEMENT
Twentieth Century Limited Wrecked
and Engineer and Bnssnge Man
Arc Crushed to Death.
DELAWARE, Ohio, June 25.— The
southbound Twentieth Century Limited
on the Big Four road jumped the track
near here to-day while running sixty
mlles'an hour and the engine, baggage
car and one coach turned over on their
sides '.in the ditch. Engineer S. E.
Shepard and Richard O'Neil,'baggage
master, were killed. Allan McDonald
of -Louisville, a passenger. Conductor
KIshler and the fireman were seriously
hurt. Other passengers were badly
shaken up and bruised.
FAST TRAIN JUMPS RAILS:
TWO OF CREW ARE KILLED
about July 9 with my daughter for the
benefit of my health. We shall not
I remain on the other side lony. but will
I return perhaps on this same ship."
SALT LAKE, June 25.— Mrs. Mary
Judge, a millionaire widow of Salt
Lake, is defendant in habeas* corpus
proceedings brought in the Interest of
two Japanese girls, j servants in her
household. The girls were brought
from Japan by Mrs. Judge last year.
At that time* Mrs. Judge was detained
by the customs officials at San Fran
cisco, her baggage searched and the
collection of duty on several thousand
dollars' worth of silks enforced. The
Japaneese girls assert they are held
virtually as slaves in the Judge home,
are slapped repeatedly and without
cause by members of the family and are
beaten on the head with brooms. They
are not permitted to receive visit3
from their 'countrymen and are not,
they claim, allowed to leave the house.
One of them succeeded in throwing
& note to a Japanese cook in a neigh
boring house two days ago and he
caused the legal action to be taken.
Mrs. Judge refuses to discuss the mat
ter and permits no one to see the
girls. A messenger with a note for
the girls was forcibly ejected from the
house and a special. delivery letter was
returned.
. The case will be heard in the Dis
trict Court Monday. Mrs. Judge is a
heavy stockholder in the Silver King
mine and owns much valuable Salt
Lake real ' estate.
Millionaire Widow of Salt Luke,
Beats Them With Brooms.
Allege That Sirs. Mary Judge, a
JAPANESE SERVANT GIKLS
BRING CRUELTY CHARGE
CHICAGO, June 25.— A remarkable
suit at law to determine the final dls-)
position of the $500,000 estate of the late
Thomas VL Jordan of the Chicago
Board of Trade has been begun before
Judg-o Marcus Kavanaugh in the Su
preme Court.
The suit comes as an entire surprise
to the widow of Jordan and the other
heirs. It was brought by George C.
Ida. of London, once pastor of Unity
Church In this city and later a Shake
spearean actor. Jointly with his wife,
Louise Jordan Miln, who Is a daughter
of the dead Board of Trade man. Miln
xns the pulpit successor of the Rev.
Robert Collyer. His wife has made a
name as an English novelist.
Dorm* the last week the Mllns, with
an English barrister, Henry Wellington
Wack, have been in Chicago engaged
In an examination of court records re
lating to the management of the estate
In Question by Mrs. Anne J. Jordan,
widow cf the capitalist.
Based on this investigation, sensa
tional charges are to follow in the
courts regarding an alleged attempt to
deprive the Mllns of their share of the
Jordan estate allotted to the daughter
by the will. In substance, the plaintiffs
charge that for sixteen years the in
come from the Jordan estate has not
been rightfully distributed, and the
sums of money forwarded from Chi
cago to the daughter in London have
been Insignificant compared to those to
which she was rightfully entitled.
Reports from mercantile sources
have not revealed any marked change
in condition, but, while the lower level
of activity is still manifest, there
seems to be no progressive shrinkage.
Reports of gross earnings of railroads
show Improvement for June thus far,
the ''average earnings of all roads
showing a good percentage of earnings
over last year. An important factor
in maintaining the firm tone of the
week's market was the rise in United
States securities! Xo very definite
new? of improvement in that trade was
received to explain the buying of the
stocks, but the rise was important to
the whole market. So was the relaxa
tion of the pressure on Southern
Pacific, wh*ich has been bought on all
occasions of weakness since the an
nouncement of the preferred stock is
tue by bankers usually Intrusted with
financial operations for the company.
Bond prices have moved upward
during the week, with the exception of
some of the speculative isBues.
United States new 4s registered have
declined 1-8 per cent on call during the
week.
Prices of stocks have crept upward
this week, slowly and somewhat la
boriously. Business has been in small
volume on the Stock Exchange and the
fluctuations have been exceedingly nar
row, but the tone of the market has
been unmistakably firm, and the senti
ment In the Wall street section has
been more cheerful and hopeful over
the new market. The market has been
almost entirely free from pressure, and
the small advances met little resistance
in the way of selling to realize or bear
attack. The news of the market has
not been important and was decidedly
mixed in character, but the news un
favorable to values was accepted as
further deveolpment of factors long
recognized in the situation and consid
ered in the operations for some time
past. There has been a general disposi
tion to feel that the worst of these de
velopments is over. Underlying the
stability of the market la the content
ment felt with the condition of the
crops and a conviction that, in the ab
sence of some change in conditions, the
country may feel secure of profitable
harvests.
CONDITION' UNCHANGED.
STOCKS CRAWIj UP.
XEW YORK, June 25.— The stock
market made some stand early to-day
against the reactionary tendency yes
terday, but yielded at the close and
showed small net losses for the day.
The result Is to leave the week's
change* Quite small. The dealings to
day were Indifferent to the point of Ufe
lessness. A fractional rise in Union and
Southern Pacific and a steady tone in
the Wabaehes, Indicating the passing
effect of the remission of Interest on
the debenture bonds, were the encour
aging: factors. The bank statement
contained no great surprise, but It was
entirely without stimulating effect. The
Increase in cash reserves was nearly
In accord with calculations and brought
that Item to a n%w high level. The
$17,000,000 loan Increase wants only to
be repeated to bring that item to a new
high level. To-day's deposits of $1,143,
314,100 exceed by over $11,000,000 the pre
vious record made early last month
Just previous to the withdrawal of Gov
ernment deposits from the banks for
the Panama canal. Greatly curtailed
demand for money in the channels of
trade Is a deduction from this condi
tion of the money market. But grow
ing discussion is given to the part
played by bids for deposits by the
banks and trust companies in causing
this condition, and the soundness and
healthfulness of the policy In such a
money market as that existing at pres
ent.
The total soles of bonds, par value,
were Jl.347.000.
Relict of Thomas M. Jordan
Is Accused of Sending a
Short Allowance to Heir
To Curtailed Demand for
Money in Trade Channels
Listlessness Is Ascribed
WIDOW IS DEFENDANT
DEALINGS I INDIFFERENT
Instate of Chicago Capitalist
Is Subject of Sensational
Action by His Daughter
Slight Change Results From
Stand* Against Beaction
ary Tendency of Friday
FRAUD CHARGE
MADE IN SUIT
STOCK MARKET
VARIES LITTLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 26, 1904.
CHICAGO, June 25. — "Just a little
touch of malaria contracted at Spring
field during the State convention," de
clared Speaker Joseph G. Cannon
when asked regarding his health.
"Yes, I expect to take a sea voyage
26
PRAGERS I . PRAGERS » ' PRAGERS I ' PRAGERS J 1 FRAGERS "—
$$iJ^ML^ ' The whole main aisle will be devoted to this Great Sale, /rtrS/$fy>>,
J^fi&S^k MWmS?M\ We are able to offer wonderful values because* we bought /MfS:p-^\ Ffffflflfflilsk
mSSs ffra a i X- 1 Monday Only i «m«Wla
1 Pll^dCS. \™ \ I '/MVically our own figure. . We will sell them to you in the same \4f-;:\V;i'/ .^iMlfeP^P^l
Wfy$^1/ m. mone y- savin^ wa V- ' The P rices wil ! astonish you, they are so very low. 1111^/
•v /jT^^r ¦fiwf%^ > y /l / E *% These waists are made of extra quality white lawn, ft Sf^W ffi I (fl d : -"C%'^^''
¦ 'Jl il Vwilwffiir ¦(¦In with small, medium and large black dots. They have K |ill |^| iii| T^^^^\«B • \
— m! ,11/ ' UULI full, large pleats, six pearl buttons and a pretty stock ll 1 II I GJJ|iyi|JI ¦¦•¦"- *s:.J| . ... t
TO *" * ..* collar. . *" Lot io, r Regular price $4.35. Among
Lot 2, ' These waists are made of ' _-»*»ta. ' . • (\ C\ f\ V\ the styles and makes shown
extra quality white lawn; yoke £$€&$$} /*^*^^K * /^^^^ I J r\ 4 »n this great sale are the
effect, with three rows Mex- JggggS m^MW S^SJ^i t\ /l /ill popular Marquis. Knicktr-
ll II _ ican stitchinR box pleats v ffi^^?»Kjk ' «SSfc CV**^ j:s%jm 1 I /It /III , •«¦ j t, 1
UN 0 down the front has one row $g2£ffi^$$P \~*M&Q+ W?-^M%1 F^m>f2^ V [ bocker, Griffon and RoyaL
II 1*1 I - of Mexican stitchinp; the •^'"^/f^y \£jMl &\jrr I^Xc oCfr l^«JrV& "** Lot 7, f There are fi\'e beantifu!
U U U front has four large pleats, i$P?S?L /t| 4 I T\ styles at this price; the
with cluster of sixteen tucks; /^#»^^^v v ,r7?^p^v >**^X^%^\ /&%rfi* ; &>y \ ' /I AU J quality of materials and
has a pretty, fancy stock col- /%|»I|\ y&M^A^ Affi|l| J?fW&ffi3\ s\\ li\\ workmanship is extraor-
Ujr and extra, large sleeves. /fSB^^WKl /W/M^dTy\ AwF^I^A WSBSI ()1iT!U dinarily good. The regu-
I The regular price is $1.25. /// j flf^W^ ' [Wffas#$W / \ i'lVm^W^ wf/^^fe^fl V * ' XU l ar selling price is $275-
Lot 3, f We show many styles at this //! ! f. 'v#t^l^iOV\ iwt/}Mfll!!l!lW \ H M\* 8 '%W % Lot 8, e -There are about 500 waists
price. This waist is made of ittjk 1,1 \ «H wlftllC^fifn f in this lot. including four
n n the very best quality of white f \ JBflLy W\\ if M } "l?J^l\ ' r^V^T®BViiW Wtt%7^C^\ Ai 4 nn vcr y ncw styIes - They are
|7 fl 0 lawn with ten pleats in the W\ \JM tw/ff'Mr W^WM/vL * 'J AJ^W^^ W W mWil&liS^*'*} Oft 17 P patterned after the most
/ t| P front and four in the back. It U. 4^ /W^%W\ M^M^i^J'jJ \1 1*1' expensive waists and are
/ III! 1 has medallions and six fine \m,n >/^ <&»T^ nM!*^ / mV. V ( /lvv/\\^^^i^\ l Ml I II now the fad in the Eastern
I \J \J pearl buttons; new crushed \^£si&& I \fll » ttv '> s VjVjSrAv^ \) X I I U cities. These waists sell
collar and very pretty sleeves A^f^^M / »•/// ¦ / ff^^ s\ ordinarily for $3.2.>.
and cuffs. Regular selling price ' %op 1 ' »/« ' .* 1 \ \|-/ '' A Lot o. f -Space will not ptrmit the
is $1.50. . * description of the many
Lot 4 f Most 'exquisite styles, made Lots, f This is one of the handsomest Lot 6. rThe drawing of these styles to be found under
I with yoke effect; has forty-two ! styles shown; it has front yoke I waists does not do them t \ i fin this price. They can be
nn ' tucks, three rows of pleats and flfl of thirty-two clusters of tucks, ¦ /hi nn justice. They are as dainty \ ' II || L depended upon to be as-
II II fl embroidery down the front; 11110] six. pleats, three rows of em- U fl M V and pretty as any ever i'l *1 ¦ I " solutely correct and up-to-.
A *1 I fancy stock collar and large Mill ' broidery and fancy collar; two % 'I /H shown They are made of llllUU date in - every particular.
fllMl sleeves; there are eight tucks II 1 1 I J pleats on each sleeve and four I 1 I fl ll very finest Uwn and the V * w The waists in this lot can-
U " ** in the- back 'The regular price- V V U j j n the back. The regular price Y AIUW j embroidery is of the choic- not be bought • for less
L is $1.75. " t is $2.00. ¦ test and most select patterns I than $375-
Most, Popular Black Dress Goods and Miiimery clearance [Wash Dress Fabrics and Domestics
— ¦ — : $1.30— The last of our ready-to- T " "
Silks at One-Half Regular Price SSB^S^SSSS^SSi at Bargain Prices
— ~ ' . $4.50 and $5.00. But .to close — ;
THESE are the very best weaves and are the most suitable for them out quickly we have w ¦ ¦ HERE will be many chances in this section Monday to save
summer wear. We made a close buy on these goods in New marked them down to the ex- g mO ney. The values are so apparent to even the inexperi-
York and can afford to be liberal in our prices.- The values ' 93^0— HaJd-mide turbans', stvl- enced shopper that they will be easily recognized. Prices on
are here, but the prices are far lower than ordinarily. ' j s hly trimmed. There are' quite both staple and special lines have been cut for this sale.
35c — Black nub Etamine is a very stylish fabric for suits. This sale price a number of white chiffon ones. WASH GOODS
is about one-half its value. All of these turbans have been . .. .
45c_A rich deep black genuine French Mistral, with a silky finish. It placed on three tables, that you «c a yard-Some of the choicest wash lawns ever shown; m air the new
cannot be found anywhere for less than $1.00. . may make your selection from. designs These have never been offered for le* i than 1 i-^c a yard
5»c_The black, flaked Mistral gives a very dressy and nobby effect. Later !>Se-White chiffon hats. 10e a yard-French batiste. » m , ch « £"£• J? t l e te The ?eeular -Sc
in the season you will pay $1.00 for it. This is a special. GOc-Black chins. - baffles description; dots, stripes, organc le effects, etc. The regular 20c
60c — The black Wire Cord is a very pretty material; a firm weave on the *5T^;i«* A*.+:*«1a* -. •> va * ues - _, . T .. .. . . ... tiLi--A « n !v nf»t»:>r -%nA ¦
voile order. This is a French production and well worth $1.00 a yard. Toilet, Articles 15c a yard-Brown wash India linon; looks like foulard.. only prett.er and
CTT u-o • TTT , r ,_ ~ ... , will wash; they may also be found in tan, cream and white grounds.
„„ , c - . . . oA^«-!>-; . - HESE specials will be new colored dots just in. Never offered for less than 2"c.
30e a yard— Some of the latest novelties in printed Pongee Silks. The most g . f \T O ndiv Tues- hamtcu nnTU
popular colors are all included in this assortment, and marked down i 00Cl tor , "?. ay ; L " Cb DANISH CLOTH.
to one-half the regular price of 75c. > aay and \\ Cdnesday is c a yar d— A new shipment just in. This is a very durable material.
3f»c a yard — 24-inch Foulard Silks for shirt waist suits. These can also be only. will wash well and will not shrink; a good quality. This comes in all
made very prettily into dressing sacques and waists with decidedly be- rJJlc — Lambert's listerine. Resru- colors.
coming effects. Some of the choicest designs. The regular 65c quality. lar $1.00 size. DAMASK TOWELS.
45c— Hair line stripes for shirt waist suits. Some very pretty shades are 2 for -5c— Eastman's violet tal- 10c each— Large size bleached damask towels-, heavy knotted fringe; al-
found in brown, blue, red and gray. These are actually worth 75c. cum powder. The regular 25c ways sold at 25c. Six limited to a customer.
49c — Black and white pin checks in louisine weave. This siik is con- size. " ¦ -ovn 5PT?PAD^
sidered cheap at 73c. 17c— Rubifoam. The regular 25c " - "... . ",*. . . , . { , A
55c— Novelty silks, in many different designs and colors, -Values are rep- bottle. * Oe each— Heavy, close, fine finish, crocheted bed spreads, for hotels and.
resented from 75c to $1.00 a yard. . 17c— La Seduisante powder. rooming-houses. Value $1.00. . - ; - - •• . ¦
75c— There is no silk so pretty and durable for petticoats as the black ' Regular 25c. . fl.75 each— An extra heavy grade of Marseilles bed spreads, usually sold
and colored moire silk. Some very desirable colors are found in nile. 10c a cake — Anti-Zena skin soap. -$2.25 each. _,___
black, deep sky, corn, tan. brown and old rose. , . Regular 25c cake. 5Hli.r«ro.
5Oc — Taffeta brilliant is a verv soft, clingy silk for evening wear. This 17c — Mission olive cream. The 45c each — Double bed sheets, made of a good, heavy undressed cotton.
comes in navy, sky, nile. tan, cray and pink. It is the rcjrular 7-;c. regular 25c value. . Size 81 by 99. Value 60c.
What May Be Saved When We Fancy Mesh veiimgs Finest Opportunity for Men's
Reduce Muslin Underwear 4 f) m^^i plli sf£? a^couTrs, New Furnishings
COMPARE these prices with those of other stores' I / I U "set 1-VERYTHING is the season's latest and most
and you will be convinced at once of the better g fc, y * at W a L, g ,. gh AH Qur new
bargains we are offering ; _* \ . *-» UNDERWEAR.
?1 4S_Women's skirts, made of cambric, with 6-inch lawn Wo^do f^P tfo& Kitclieii flPtfl 7ott« rZ^T^J™ £?"£
flounce edged with ruffle of 5-mclr guipure embroidery 1^IC<CVI3 &\Jl ill^ I^Itt^IlCII J B^ O bed goods. Eight different styles to select
and headed with clusters of fine tucking. Worth $2.00. ¦ || from They come in various coIors# such as
NIGHT GOWNS. £^ OME of the values on these specials are certain IHSmSJ blue and pink mixed, brown, plain blue, pink
IS— Made of good soft cambric; the front voke is of to surprise yotl They arc all unusually excel- X& V& M& and ccru . Some are double seated drawers
torchon lace insertion alternating with Irish point inscr- V-/ . ' , f ; t advertised hero i's some- and sorae are reinforced seat and seams. All have patent
tion. Collar and cuffs finished with narrow lace. These .. lent,. and e\ cry lttrn advertised Here IS some adjlIstab]e waist band . Never sold for less than 50c
are worth $1.50. thing that every home is absolutely in need of. FANCY HOSE
SU f^ M^ R VE ? TS - , ' "• . 43c— S'/j-pint enameled, double-coated steel ware dishoan. m Vk ft — Imnorted and domestic ne W <tnn« a nH
4Cc— Low neck .and sleeveless and . made of fine mercer- The same style comes in 12-quart for 54c. ¦ . S B g / -. —imported and domestic, new stripes and
ized Egyptian cotton. The neck and arm holes are trim- :{Oc — Berlin saucepan, enameled, double-coated steel" ware. | M^ j£i O figures. Fine quality of lisle thread and
n?ed with narrow 4ace and wash ribbon; body, parts have :;»«•_ Rceular size enameled coffeepots, double-coated wSre. I MH 0 9 maco Big variety of pattern? Nothina
tine herringbone Lice effect. These come in cream on!v. UiJc— Lipped saucepan, double-coated steel ware. » I a H < S S ..', ,j c , ."
Worth 7^c. i!5c— White enameled wash basin, 10 by 10 inches. B V u W in the lot ever sold for Iess tha ° 25c a pair.
11 ' " ¦ 11 «-" — ' 5c* — 10 yards of shelf paper. — — j ¦
g?Si S| L^ r g e5t » Fireworks ?5Jii ?^S||!,^ p pi^l Fireworks With All Purchases
Until.. . 9 Until lOc — Stove polishing mitten. ISIZZZISISSIZSIIIS SS^S^Z ¦ —— — —^— — ¦ . 1 ¦¦
After Store ill San FrancisCO After! Colander, io inches across the top. _ _. •«*•*. ¦**>.
j«iy 4. — — = = ¦ j"iy 4. :•' for the baby. q\ a Boy s h\\\t> ov Overcoat*
== * ==S!= /*¦>> » . J)Oc— Babv's chair, with tray. «— -^- ¦ — ¦¦-
I 1111* Ann^V O!)<«— Baby's nursery chair. :i8c— Baby's hammock*. T-x-r-vnT-r>wc r i_ • , , . . • ..
V-yLll /nil 11 iCA ?ii.75_ Baby's go-cart. 48c— Baby's fancy baskets. fJu.NDRLDb of boys received this free gift of a
t ¦ ¦ = r"""l fine box of assorted fireworks Saturday. Hun-
1145-114? Market* Street*, • dreds mor ? wil1 to - morrow - Besides the fire-
' Near Central Thecter. 11' *) v/orks big reductions have been made on every one of
Harmless Novelties Gr^nKnj?^ Match- knob, 8 cents. | | a^/ j^ tfA t l le specials included in the great variety of clothing.
Lnrco Brilliant .Star cioir'l Hm-al Mntri'i- V . P " V ! K:)Vy R -" <^% _, W K3 "STW "^SWi K3^^5 "Sfl >C " <ITITT<;
Sticks, each.... Go es "o in box ? So \T? UnK ( iino - Gr>m ": $ M m jfUffl Mm m^ k3 %F < m nn . P . ,, ,• • V U . bl , ,
Small Brilliant Star es. «i» in oox c thing iipw. ir. tr. 2f> . &b\ M \!A «* *a &3 K! &W PS / & »Oc— Boys khaki suit?, made ot gray covert cloth and brass
Sticks, per doz.l^c Colored F.rcs. gjnsecutlve reports. /^S 1^^ *^ W^P* \^>- &X®F^ ! buttons. These suits are very serviceable and make a
I>f Torrh R oacli 13f ' n!r 5.- Rod. White. Gold" > »¦*-.'¦ } ,w f | V 1? ¦ C^ I „ »«at appearance. Ages 4 to 14 years.
Small Reil liengal and Green, in y. % Ammun.tion for \& ¦:>&"•* " ?1.1O— Boys' khaki suits, made of regulation military khaki,
ToWper,dos.iZo ™&} -\*». can* One Canes. | ALWAYS RELIABLE trimmed in red or blue; perfect 6tting. Sold everywhere
iTi^fons-Tu 1^ S r lb> 35C: fM £?&«SX§2?fS I MiZ38- 1250 MARKET ST. AZ* jS;o82bS? sailors. Etons and Norfolk suits to close 1 out.
nround quickly in PvnWin©- r fln pt lcr box * Sc- | • These suits were formerly $3.00 and $3oO.-
circle whrn lit. HXJUOCing Canes. Nr> 3 50 ghotg in Y - ¦ ' » -roAMiet-nc
Red Bengal Match- j No. 2 rxtra large the box. Two boxos All the ShOSpmg IftdUCeiHentS That HaVC _ , : , ,. TROUSERS.
es. 20 in box... bc. 1 with red stick and for uc. Fer box, 4c. M , *. . cL,d A m',1« A WA CfMl Ll«-« t».»f— Boys lone white pants, made of the very best duck
COUNTRY ORDERS FILLED. , Mflfle lhlS MOTe FOpUlar ATG Still Here. These come in all sizes. &¦& '
• .j-^^ s^^^>^»- '' SB
¦TaTIlimTaTTnTTITmT^^MI«lliaiBsasiiiM»
Why continue to suffer? We cure to stay cured. This 5
is a sample of scores of letters we receive : . 2
"Fidelity Rupture Cure, ~ B
"Gentlemen: In reply to your letter of the 15th I will °
say that my double rupture seems to be permanently cured. ¦
I have had no occasion to wear a truss since the 20th of last £
October. If you come up here I will assist you to get other ¦
patients. M. S. TAYLOR, Eureka, Cal." &
No charge for consultation. No pay till cured. {jj
FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE I
1344 Market SL, San Francisco g
Tired of working for.w*nges?
Rrad our BUSINESS CHANCE
COLUMN.
Splendid 'opportunities 'for in-
vestment.
ADVXBT1EE2IIEUTS.
FREE TO RUPTURED
Anyone Can Have a Free Trial of the
Marvelous Electrus by Sending
Name and Address.
WRITE TO-DAY SURE.
Not «• eair.pl* of xneaicln* or ointment, but
tbe complete appliance and treatment to em-
phatically demonstrate that rupture is a thing
df the past. *
B. H. MILLER.
"It givei rri» grux pleasure to write you that
my rupturo of over thirty-one years' standing
ts completely cur^t!. I am now in my seventy-
fifth year, tried *!l kinds of trusses and treat-
rr.entj anj received no benefit, but I can recom-
mmd the Kltctrus u- a positive cure. S. H.
Mi!l<r. bos W. Goldendale, Warh."
Edward Ilrrper. l J aradi*e. Nev.. Tho». C.
Keaton. ZKi Autumn St.. San Jose, Ca!.. Mas-
bu» Peterson. Vaughn. Cal.. W. H. Bteffler.
San Andrcaf. Cal.. Kdward Connolly. Dun»-
mutr. Cal.. K, A. Trusk. Pine Grove, Cal . and
t!.''U^«:.':» of other* throuphout the uorld will
leeWy that th« KUctruk it a positive cure. Oid
meji who have te«:a ruptured for years and
years are cured ir. it rurprisingly jhort time.
Send your ncpic ;:nd edirets to the Electrua
Co.. 1311 Wood Ulds.. Syracu^:e. tt. T.. for a
free trial <>f thin wr.ndfnui appliance that cer-
t«ln!r and pr,s!t»vr!y .un-f- ru;>ture. Just send
your njim«- and aiidre^* a« above and you can
have a free tri»l without deposit, security or
try chursres whatever.
It is pofFibl* to do the very best dental
work at rr.."i»rat* rrlres. All our wcrk Is
|«!nle»y ard U«^ne hv jmtduate rleptlFt*. No
rtudentp. 10 years" gTiarantee. Lady at-
lendcnts. Ii»! j» »<re yur urii-es:
Painless Silver FCIlnfs * M7i up
r*a!nleM Gold Fiillncs ,~T* up
Painless Gold Crown. 22k.... HJVU up
Painless Porcelain Crowns.... :t^>«> up
Painless Bndce Wcrk I1.5H up
Pull Re« of Teeth 2.OO up
t»rar>; of work at entrance.
Hale Dental Co.
702 Market St., Cor. Kearny.
toffiliisl
(( NOW DEVELOPED d
x ydr 15 cts. a Dozen u
\l Up to and including 4x5 U
(iPRlCfO/ron ROLL / 7WS %
U Sbr+tl KODAK* U
V) 3 '4 x 3^2 per Cn 5tf «\
* 3^x4^pfrdoi63f Jl
(i 4x5p«rdcz.filf ((
V Pont tjftoy. Come in *nd buy #OW. ».
% &UJVSETBA1AAFL 6
ft 42 Third g^SgH
T\ J\ TT O tl T7 O rOR BAnBERS. BA-
KKlJ^HrLo kcr ». bootbla«k«. bath-
UUUU11UU hou»es. Wlliard Ubles.
brevera. bookbinder*, candy P ake J»' cannera.
<!>ers. flour mills, tounfirles, laundries, paper-
har.rera. printers, painters. sho« factories,
nablemca. tar-roofer«. t«wr«. tallow. «ta
BUCHA1T ABT BBOIU
Brash Manufacturer*. *O9 Sacnuncato St.
£T 8 PATENTS* J)with store below, on the south line of
Haight street, 100 feet west of Masonic
avenue, at an expense of $15,000.
Sol Getz & Son report that the sale of
lots in the Oceanside district is going
on steadily and improvements are con
stantly being 'made. The demand for
homes is unabated and places to rent
are exceedingly scarce. The Spring Val
ley Water Company has laid pipes on
the boulevard as far south as M street,
where Beveral houses are being con
structed. It is the intention of the
water company to tap the whole dis
trict.
The publication of the condition of
affairs revealed by the investigation, as
far as it has gone, into the causes con
tributing to the tragedy of the New
York steamer General Slocum has
caused commuters and excursionists
throughout the land to view with wide
awake interest the state of things ex
isting on passenger steamers plying In
his own locality. Nowhere is
the interest more' vital than in
the vicinity of San Francisco,
and It will be with deep satisfaction
that local travelers by water learn that
under the jurisdiction of the local gov
ernment inspectors nothing has been
left undone to insure against anything
so dreadful happening on any passen
ger boat in these waters.
There arc few excursion steamers
here, but many ferry-boats, and as the
latter are frequently £ven more crowd
ed than was the General Slocum the
necessity is just as great for obedience
to the wide-reaching regulations set
upon the statute books for the protec
tion of human life.
President Roosevelt after the Slocum
tragedy issued an order for the rein
spection of all excursion steamers
throughout the United States. The lo
cal inspectors find that at this port
there is not a passenger steamer which
is not equipped in full accord with the
Federal laws.
At each inspection every life-pre-
is the Ramona, which runs between
San Diego and Ccronado. Not only is
she equipped with bulkheads and fire
fighting apparatus, but Captain P.
Johnson, her commander, has adopted
a plan whereby the proper way to put
on a life preserver is made plain to
all.
Johnson has had taken a series of
photographs showing the captain put
ting on a life preserver. Cards on
which these pictures are printed are
posted in conspicuous places. To fol
low these directions all that is required
is eyesight and Inspector Bulger
recommends the Johnson plan for all
passenger steamers.
* "We have no excursion steamers
here," said Inspector Bulger yesterday,
"in the sense that they have in New
York, but on every boat we have the
Federal requirements have been com
plied with. No precaution prescribe^
by the law has been overlooked. Our
inspections always have been rigid and
in most cases we find the owners of
vessels ready to co-operate with us
and to follow suggestions even when
they involve work the performance of
which the' law does not give us author
ity to compel. Over the personal equa
tion we have no control and to show
how much that figures I have only to
cite the case of the steamer South
President of Board of Education Will
Seek Latest Ideas in Modern
Architecture.
President Roncovieri of the Board
of Education will leave to-day for a
visit to the St. Louis Exposition and
the East. He will combine business
with pleasure while away. In Xew
York City he will confer with M. Sny
der, special architect of the New York
Board of Education, with a view to
observing the architectur? of .school
buildings there. New York has recent
ly expended $26,000,000 for new school
buildings, most .of which are of stone
and brick and strictly fireproof. .'•
Roncovieri has been in comunlca
tion with Snyder for several months
and has photographs and' blueprints of
some of the modern school buildings,
but he desires to make a personal in
vestigation to aid him in designating
the character of buildings to be erect
ed under the bond issue now before
the Supreme Court for decision as to
its validity.
Roncovieri will visit Philadelphia
• .- , . . • •
Government Inspectors Say
That Here There Has Been
Eigid Enforcement of Rules
All the religious literature used by
Protestants in Spanish-speakins coun
tries is published at the Methodist
publishing house, Nashville, Tenn.
RONCOVTERI TO INSPECT
EASTERN SCHOOLHOUSES
LOCAL STEAMERS
OBSERVE LAWS
Portland as compared with the case
of the Charles Nelson. This oflice is
ready to stand on its record."
The local inspectors took up the mat
ter of fire hose some time ago. The old
system of keeping ft on a reel was
abandoned, and now on every ferry and
excursion steamer on this coast the fire
hose is always spread and ready for
immediate use. Further than this, the
pumps, supplying the water for this
hose never stop, and there Is always
considerably more pressure than is
found in thp average city main. By the
pulling of a lever, which is within easy
reach, the fire hose with a strong
stream of water Is available to any
body on board the boat. There Is j a
tire drill on, every boat once a week.
"More water-tight bulkhAds" is the
text of the sermon the local inspectors
would preach, and they never, iose an
opportunity of advising their construc
tion when possible.
The model ferry boat of the Pacific
Coast, says Inspector John K. Bulger,
FIRE FIGHTING APPARATUS.
The Importance of life-preservers, ac
cording to the local Inspectors, is some
times exaggerated, and although they
exact full compliance with the law in
the matter of these cork jackets, they
insist upon other and in their opinion
more important precautions.
Water-tight bulkheads, for which the
law does not provide, and adequate
fire-fighting apparatus are the two
things most desirable, say the inspect
ors, in a ferry or excursion steamer.
With the dangers of the boat sinking
or burning eliminated, passengers
would have a better chance on board
than in the water, even if encased in a
dozen life-preservers.
Additional bulkheads have been built
lately in nearly all the bay passenger
steamers. When the San Rafael sank
bulkheads were the exception. Imme
diately following that disaster the Sau
salito and Tiburon boats and the Santa
Fe ferry steamers were each equipped
with three water-tight bulkheads, and
to these others are being added as op
portunity offers. '
WATER TIGHT BULKHEADS.'
server is taken down and carefully ex
amined, and there has been no hesita
tion about rejecting such as show signs
of old age. On the steamer Newark,
which returned to duty yesterday after
having been -laid oft for several days
for purposes of inspection, several high
piled truckloads of preservers were con
demned. An inspection of these showed
that few of them appeared to be in
very bad condition, most of them hav
ing been rejected because their canvas
jackets had become discolored. On each
Southern Pacific ferry-boat from 600 to
700 additional life-preservers has been
placed.
to Inspect the new $1,000,000 high
school building. At Chicago and Boa
ton he will also seek ideas on modern
school architecture. He will return
home about August 1.
Speck & Co. have sold for Solomon
Miller and Aaron Miller the southwest
corner of Taylor and Post streets,
45:10x70, improved with a three-story
building, containing five stores and
thirty-nine rooms, to Mrs. Charlotte F.
Clark for $76,000.
Baldwin & Howell have sold for the
estate of Cornelia B. Stanley to Joseph
M. Quay. 40x120. and three-story and
basement building on the southwest
corner of Bush street and Mary lane,
between Kearny street and Grant ave
nue, with three-story and basement
brick building that yields an income of
$2393 26 net a year. The price was
$69,000.
Speck & Co. have sold for the Hol
comb Land Company to C. F. Hum
phrey, €5:9x137:6, on the south line of
Eddy street. 12S:6 feet west of Polk
etreet, with four 13-room houses, for
$27,000.
Moses Samuels has sold to Matthew
Nunan, 25x100, with one-story building,
on the north linfe of Market street, 12j
feet east of Larkin, ft/r $65,000.
Judge Trout having confirmed the
tale of the Guardiola estate's city prop
erties at auction by Shainwald, Buck
bee & Co.. titles pass to the following
persons at the prices mentioned: North
east corner of California and Sansome
streets tc» A. J. Rich for $249,000; prop
erty on the south line of Pine street,
SI feet east of Battery, to A. J. Rich,
for $57,000; property on Bagley place
to H. M. Levy, a client of A. J. Rich
& Co.. for $36,000; Nos. 34 to 52 Ellis
street to Perkins & Masten, for $315.
000; Nos. 31S and 320 O'Farrell street to
A. Aronson for $76,000.
Through the agency of G. H. Umbsen
& Co. the northwest corner of Post
ttreet and Agate alley, 40x60 feet, run
ning through to Lewis street, improved
vith a four-story building containing
a store and lodging-house, has been sold
by John Bullwinkle for $92,000. The
present income from tie property is
$600 a month.
A. J. Rich & Co. and Thomas Magee
The leading news of the week is that
Mrs. Vanderbilt has refused to accept
$2,800,000 for her share of the proper
ties formerly constituting the Fair es
tate realty in this city and that she
has authorized Thomas Magee & Sons
to dispose of the holdings separately.
Many business and other properties are
Included In the Vanderbilt list. Mrs.
Oelrichs, it will be remembered, ac
cepted a eyndicate offer of $2,600,000 for
her properties, which will be sold.
The building permits issued during
the last week for structures in San
Francisco represent a proposed ex
penditure of $342,000 in round figures
on fifty-seven structures.
SOME LEADING DEALS.
The transactions that are made pub-.
l!c In the local realty market by the
brokers orjby becoming a matter of
record,' together with the leases that
are effected, all carry out the idea that
confidence in the future Is strong and
that there Is a present realization of
the value of San Francisco real estate.
Buildings Involving the expenditure of
Earns ranging up to $50,000 and more
are engaging the attention of local
architects and builders.
A two-story residence will be erected
for Livingston Jenks at Green, Vallejo
and Taylor streets, to cost $33,000.
S. Liebcs will erect a $25,000 residence
on the northeast corner of Broadway
and Laguna street.
Ernest Brand will expend $60,000 in
the erection of a five-story and base
ment apartment-house on the north
line of O'Farrell Btreet, 113 feet east of
Leavenworth.
About $25,000 will be expended by
Spencer C. Buckbee and Samuel. G.
Buckbee in the construction of a build
ing on the east line of Jones street, be
tween Ellis and O'Farrell streets.
Mrs. Alice Pease will build a five
story hotel on the north line of O'Far
rell street, 75 feet west of Jones, to cost
$35,000.
George D. Graham will erect thre^:
flats on 'the east line of Steiner street,
65 feet south of Fell, to cost $25,000.
D. R. McNeill will cover the northeast
corner of Stanyan and Fulton streets
with four three-story and basement
buldings, to cost $22,000.
Thomas Hancock will build flats,
MINOR TRANSACTIONS.
Sales have been made by Thomas
Magee & Sons as follows: From Roy
Mauvais to Caroline Simpson, 22:6x75
feet and three-story residence on the
southeast line of Silver street. 195
feet southwest of Second, for $3900;
for Caroline A. and Mary F. Potter to
one buyer, two lots, 50x96:8, on the
east side of Fair Oaks street, 238 feet
south of Eighteenth. $1600; for Mary
F. Brittan, 37:4^x137:6 on the north
line of Greenwich street, 146:10i£ eas t
of Polk. $1525;' for Mrs. Sophie
Vaughan. to John C. Rudbach. 25x100
feet on the east side of Harrison
street, 225 feet south" of Twenty-fifth,
$1350; for Mary F. and Caroline A.
Potter. 25x90:5 on the east side of
Fair Oaks street, 213 feet south of
Eighteenth, $800; to Andrea Moni,
24x100 feet on the west line of Fill
more street, 48 feet north of Filbert,
$1500.
George "W. Turner has sold 27:6x
127:8 1 /i feet and two-story residence
on the south line of Washington street,
110 feet west of Scott, to Guy T. Way
man, for $8000.
Through the agency of Hawks &
Skelton, George M. Perine has sold to
Mrs. Alice Welch 45x137:6 feet on the
west line of Larkin street, 92:6 feet
south of Chestnut, for $8000.
A site for the new St. Agnes Church
has been purchased on the north line
of Page street, near Masonic avenue.
Adolph L. Felt has bought through
Speck & Co. from Augusta A. Herman
25x110 feet and eight-room house on
the east line of Dame street, 475 feet
north of Randall, for $3500.
Chatfield & Vinzent are selling to a
select class of buyers villa sites on the
Barbour tract in Marin County, be
tween Ross Valley and San Anselmo.
In the tract are fifty acres. In subdi
visions of fifteen and thirty-five acres.
In the first subdivision all the lot sites
except two have been disposed of to
purchasers as follows: Lot 1, of 1.8
acres, to E. W. A. Waterhouse, $3000;
lot 2, of 1.1 acres, to J. Alexander
Campbell, $1750; lot Z, of eight
tenths of an acre, to Rev. Dr. Guthrie,
$1500; lot 4, of 1.6 acres, to Mrs. Mag
dalena Van Winkle, $2000; lots 6 and
7, of 3.4 acres, to Rev. C. D. Miel of
Sacramento. $3600, and lot S, of 2.7
acres, to Louisa H. Worn, $3000.
Sol Getz & Son report the following
sales: 2jx120 feet on the east line of
Forty-sixth avenue, 125 feet south of H
street, to Mary E. Metzger, for $850; 25x
120 feet on the east line of Forty-sev
enth avenue. 150 feet north of I street,
to A. Nunan; * 25x120 feet on the west
line of Forty-fifth avenue, 175 feet north
of I street, to C. M. Cole, for $800; 25x
120 feet on the west line of Twenty-sec
ond avenue. 175 feet north of L street;
lots 17 and 18. in block 10 of the College
Homestead.
Guy T. Wayman, has sold for Car
nasso Vaxni the northeast corner of
Clay and Stockton streets. 55x68:9 feet,
and old improvements, for $12,000.
PROGRESS OF BUfLDIXG.
Baldwin & Howell have Just effected
leases to Peters Brothers and A. Good
man of stores at 1194, 1196 and 1198
Market street for five years at an ag
gregated rental of $50,000; also the
premises at 320 Market street, to Juda
Brothers for three years for $10,800;
several leases from the estate of Irving
M. Scott have been made to the tenants
of its property at the corner of Ellis
and Glasgow streets at an advanced
rent, including a new lease to Schiff &
Dow for the term of three years, and
to the Messrs. Franklin for 115 Ellis
street, and F. B. Galindo for three
years for the premises at 113 Ellis
street, at an aggregated rental of $30,
000: H. Flatow has leased the premises
formerly occupied by A. Goodman, at
1033 Market street, at an aggregate
rental of $15,000; T. Heininger & Co.
have taken a lease of the store and
basement at 535 Market street for three
years at the total rental of $11,700; in
addition to these leases and a number
of others, of which the particulars are
kept private, the same firm reports the
lease of a water lot on the southwest
side of Steuart street, 137:6 feet south
east of Mission, to the People's Ex
press for $15,900; also several 50-vara
lots situated in the North Beach dis
trict for the George Brown Estate Com
pany for terms of five to fifteen years,
to be used for manufacturing purposes.
The same firm has leased for six years
the" five-story and basement brick
building at 643-645 Mission street,
owned by the Baird estate, to W. & J.
Sloane & Co.
A. J. Rich & Co. have leased for
$70,000 for ten years. In advance of
construction, a hotel building to be
erected for Moses Fisher on the north
line of Howard street, 120 feet east of
Third and running through to Hunt
a seven-story and basement structure,
to contain 140, rooms.
& Sons represented the sellers, Simon
Clayburgh and E. F. Preston, In the
sale of 40x50 feet on the west line of
Grant avenue, 36:6 feet north of O'Far
rell street, to William G. Irwin for
J200.000. The purchaser was represented
hy Baldwin & Howell. A fine building
will be erected on the site when the
present leases expire.
PROPERTIES ARE IiEASED.
Mrs. Vanderbilt's Policy Is to Dispose
of All Her Many Holdings Separately.
Sales of a Week Reported by Brokers
FORMER FAIR REALTY IN CITY
WILL SOON BE PUT ON MARKET
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 26, 1904.
27
1 -v ADVEXTisnarEiiprs.
Eastern
Excursions
DATES— June 28.
July I, 2, 7, 8, 13, 14.
August 8. 9, 10, 18, 19-
September 5, 6, 7- 8.
October 3, 4, 5. 6.
LIMITS — Good going on day
of sale, with stopover east
of Calif o'rnia; transit limit
10 days. Good 90 days for
return; stopover anywhere^
SEE GRAND CANYON
ROUTES — Santa Fe and con-
nections going. : Different
route returning if desired.
RATES—.
St. Louis and return $67.50
Chicago " $72.50
New York if'/ $108.50
Boston ~C " $100.50
Philadelphia " $107.50
And other Eastern PolnU.
Th#s«s mtes for direct lines.
TRAINS — Tickets are good
on all Santa Fe trains,
including ¦ the California
Limited semi-weekly.
ASK. US.
ruurr*. tb orri.cz — «4i JSartat St.
OAZLAVO — 1112 Broadway.
TfKj^B t;i.Trr fjintm 7* Depot.
SAHTA* FE IS THE WAY.
|ASTHMANOLAj
Xs xti» «i*Ty cni« for yarvqa* uiA
Tour Srnssist or at ¦"•¦>* UAiGHT ST..
Saa Francisco. Cal.
Weak- Men and Women
SHOULD CSB DAMIA^J A BTTTER3. THB
Great Mexican Remedy;- elves hc&ltii ami
ftiuitb to aexoal orsana. Depot. 323 AtorkaC
_ ADVERTISEMENTS. .-_-_-..-.¦
m iiiiiwi <tim1 ii, 'BT^ fl ¥ — t-. *A> A^^ «^^«%4 »uMnm»^ui i«n ¦¦ iiiii^JiLijftiifljb-li-ftj^y-(LTiJtaJa-»riBB^Aa-i i Tj« ini«r»_n0 ilTljlu Il.i CL A . « i»*m ii ii>i ¦! ftir^ f f
I ....That's 'Bout.the Size of It ] P/ \^f |
%^^^^^^& ;S Wm p ; v d> V? I Aren't They Swell? I
¦i^g^^ ¦ icS^v-i^viV/O^^yrv'-^'i'^St •* *«?^& t States, not- only 9 • •• w«* «¦# m JUiw t m* ww w*a • \f
\V £$&! H?&£3t':*i&'- ¦¦'£-' ; $- : -.'.-* v -"¦'•';'¦ >¦'*¦'&¦%¦'.: A^'^SSw «§. i^-jisa&S but all over the fl f~r<i n .« t t 1"** i 1 • T^ if ii s
IwiiliiiirtSfi^ak -I WB tS= blst d^ f They re the July Blocks in Both the |
W>^^ :: >-'''-'^MjSm 4il "ERG e E. rin #w f Stiff and Soft Hat All Colors. |
Government's fj As Good as Any Hat in Town ""tt*^ %
| Wear a Serge and Be in Line With | Swagger Summer Shirt Fashions I
\ the S WelleSt ' 1 - Like Picture Above • |
1| Men's Suit Department $ 1 2-50 the Suit | In Silver Grays, Dark Tone Grays, in I
¦ : __ _ magCT _ 1 Stripes, Dots, Swagger Frenchy Shirt Fash- |
yLQ&fi>*at*&*#*t*>» Get That Habit *»^«**^w«^<ww«a^^
ADVEB-TISEHENTS.
I Three Big
I Specials
I This Week
li Chiffonier. Just as pictured, •with
jt 6 larce drawers, cast brass trim-
S tnings; genuine French- plate glass;
«• cheap for $12.50. For Cr? ftC*
« this week <P I •XJtJ
a£r Genuine English Linoleum. In ' <
fc the very latest designs and color- j
£ Inge; regular price COc per yard. I
ft While it lasts will eell Qftf 1'
* It Xor OUt a,
I? Bring your measurements. W ;
K Eaturday tilcht. July 2. between 8
SJ 7 and 10 o'clock, footstools, as K
5* pictured, brass legs, upholstered In X
3& different colored velour-OCJ^, »
}Hf and \erona Each ¦•» Ow m
I Eastern f
I Outfitting Co. I
B 1320-1328 Stockton St. i
S We Furnish Houses Complete. C
I* All Cars Lead to Our Store. W
£ Country Order* Solicited. J
W Each lady vfriting our Etore Sat- je
fik urday night will be Riven free of S
S charge one American lunch set. E
\H. S. BRIDGE & CO. |
I MERCHANT TAILORS. !:
: 622 Market Street. ¦ !:
I; I Up Stairs. Opp. Palace Hotel. I
jj; SAN FRANCISCO. {
'•{¦ Novelties in Imported Wear. <!
ADVERTISEMENTS.
P^3a niMmii ¦ TIia OffCT UAT U/C1TUCD MCniOHIET a I VI
Py«B .-rf^SSSZHa I HO DC9I b«w ¦ rVE.AIt3Ln IHE.UI w«liib V-^a 1
|| T^fo^^ CANDY CATHARTIC^^^ ||
PI PREVENT ALL SUMMER BQWEL TROUDLES M
HI Undigested food in the human body will ferment a hundred times as rM
p| quickly in summer as in winter. Consequence— stomach, liver, bowels KSJ
HI poisoned, thrown out of order; sour stomach, gases/colic, diarrhoea, |tj 1
||| dysentery, cholera, appendicitis, and in some regions yellow fever and |J j
HI the plague. Little children suffer terribly everywhere. The proper L; |
!|l! thing is to send all impure and unnecessary matter out of the body >JB|
I$l . every day— not give it a chance to sour in th« stomach and bowels, j I
raj You will stop hot, feverish conditions and keep your insides cool and I I
|H healthy. To do it, use a medicine that is pleasant to the taste and not K- j
Raja harsh and violent in its action. The only safe system-cleaner to take |£'.J
||3 in summer, because it will not cause diarrhoea or griping, is Cascarets. ]
Boj All druggists, 10c, 25c| 50c. Never sold in bulk. The genuine tablet . If
pi stamped C.C.C. Guaranteed to cure or your money back. Sampleand I
WPJL booklet free. Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New York. e» Jr9All women are born reformers and
they want to begin on some- man.
UKIAH, June 25. — L. E. Davis, an
ex-convict, charged with having set
fire to Duncan & Clendennan's livery
stable in Hopland, had his preliminary
examination in that city yesterday be
fore Justice Armstrong and waa held
to answer in the Superior Court.
Davis had been working in the sta
ble, but had been discharged for
drunkenness the day before the fire
occurred that consumed Hopland. He
had made his brag that he would get
even and was seen acting suspiciously
around the barn shortly before the
fire alarm was sounded. The senti
ment in Hopland is very strong
against Davis and he waa kept well
guarded by the officers and brought to
this city and lodged In Jail as soon as
the preliminary examination was con
cluded. Davis was convicted of rob
bing the Willits stage in this county
In the 'SO's and served a sentence of
seven years in San Quentln.
Evidence Points to Him as the Fire
bug Who Started the Big Blaze
at Hopland.
FORMER CONVICT DAVIS
IS CO.M3I1TTED FOR TRLVL
Buying readyrmade clothing has
cured many a man of periodical fits.
VANCOUVER, B. C, June 25. — The
steamer Bever, the first to cross the
Pacific Ocean under her own steam in
1.835, lying wrecked at the mouth of
Vancouver harbor for twelve years, is
to be raised by the city of Vancouver
and placed on exhibition at Stanley
Park, with a placard reciting the his
torical event in which she took part.
Historic Steamer to Be Exhibited.
Grand Trunk Terminus at Kitiiu.it.
VANCOUVER, B. C, June 25. — A
report from Ottawa announces tjiat
the terminus for the Grand Trunk
Pacific on the Pacific Coast will be at
Kitimat, B. C. Hundreds of thousands
of dollars were spent at Port Simpson
by speculators, who believed it would
be the terminus.
Metropolitan Business College.
See educational column. R. H. Webster,
Pres. ¦ ¦•- .;.•
Reliable gas ranges $16 50. regular
price $20. this week only at S. F. Oas
& Electric Co., 415 Post «U •
Kensington Group of Mines Sold.
PORTLAND, Or., June 25. — The
Telegram will say to-day that the
Kensington group of mines in the Ber
ner Bay district, Alaska, has been sold
to the Alaska-Treadwell Company,
composed of Eastern capitalists, for
$1,000,000.
BYRON, June 25. — Another grain
fire broke out yesterday afternoon a
few miles south of town and burned
over a large area. One hundred acres
of standing rain belonging to Houston
Bros, were destroyed, as well as sev
eral hundred acres of pasture. A
heated Journal in the harvester started
the blaze and only heroic work in
back-firing prevented the loss of sev
eral thousand acres of grain ready for
harvesting. The loss is about 52000,
partly covered by insurance.
Heroic 'Work In Back-Firing Pre
vents Spread of the Blaze to
Adjoining Properties.
FIRE BURNS OVER LARGE
FIELD OF STANDING GRAIN
REDDING, June 25. — Frank
Charles, an Indian, was held to-day
in the Superior Court on the charge
of having murdered his wife, Petrina,
a quarter-breed Indian. So much sec
recy was maintained last March by
fhe husband concerning the death and
burial of his wife that her body was
exhumed. An autopsy showed that
she had been beaten to death. There
is no direct evidence against the hus
band, but circumstances point strong
ly to his euilt.
He Is Accused of Having Beaten His
Wife to Death During a Quarrel
Last March.
SHASTA COUNTY INDIAN
TO BE TRIED FOR MURDER
SACRAMENTO, June 26. — A re
markable case of a man surviving a
broken neck has Just come to light
here. William GeddeS, a millwright)
living at 2510 J street, Was caught in
the shafting of "a mill at "Loyalton,
Sierra County, six weeks ago and had
his neck broken at the sixth and
seventh joints of the vertebrae. He
never lost consciousness. He was ex
amined by Drs. WalBh and
Shoemaker at LojYltoq and the broken
vertebrae reset.' jContrary to the ex
pectations of the Geddes still
lives. 1
Physicians Set the Injured Vertebrae",
and, Contrary to AH Expectations,
' -yi Patient Is Recovering.
SACRAMENTO MILLWRIGHT
SURVIVES A BROKEN NECK
Let Trhat you learn In the house of a friend
be nacred. Yet tt were no betrayal of hospi
tality to say, "He keeps Old Gilt Edge whiskey
on his buffet." Wholesale at 20-31 Uattery st.,
S F. Wlchman, Lutcen & Co. ?, ¦
John Davis met with a serious acci
dent at the Snowflake mine in May.
from which he died on June 5. Davis
was working in a tunnel and had been
several times cautioned that he should
attend to cribbing, as caving in was
Imminent. He neglected the advice,
with the result that he was buried be
neath several tons of gravel.
The body of Stephen AI Stanton was
found during March frozen in the ice
on Nome River, four miles above the
mouth of Dexter Creek. The discovery
was made by Frank Barnette, Harry
Hawk and others, who were breaking
the trail up the river. Their sled struck
the body, exposing- one of the hands.
William Steinbach of Council lost his
life on the Fish River trail, sixty miles
above Craft's roadhouse. In company
with E. J. Hutchins, Steinbach was on
his way to the Kougarok country, when
they were caught in a blizzard and lost
their way. Steinbach became exhaust
ed and lay down in the snow and died.
Carter Ongmunson, an Icelander, was
frozen to death in the hills five miles
from the mouth of Penny River the lat
ter part of March. Jack Wilson and
Ongmunson started for Nugget Gulch
and stopped at night on the summit of
the divide. They burrowed into the
snow, and in the morning were so ex
hausted that they wandered aimlessly
about all of the following day. Ong
munson became snowblind, and Wilson
was forced to leave him on Penny
River. :/"JV
TACOMA, June 24.— Nome advices
dated June 10 give details of several
deaths.
The frozen bodies of Captain G. H.
Woodruff and "Hard Luck" Smith were
found on Engaatlik River, a tributary
of Norton Bay. the first part of April.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Prospectors Lose Their Way
in Blinding' Snowstorm
and One of Them Succumbs
CAUGHT IN A BLIZZARD
Nome Advices Give Details
of the Deaths of Members
of Gold Seeking Parties
MINERS PERISH
ON THE TRAIL
THE' SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 20, 1904.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, June '- 25.— Fire,
supposed to have been of incendiary
origin, to-day caused losses aggregating
$300,000 in the lumber district along the
river front, i Several acres covered with
big lumber piles were swept clean by
the flames. The tire started in the box
factory of J. N. . Hahn Company and
spread to the lumber, yards of the
Nicola, Stone and Meyers Company and
the Guyand Ralph Gray Company.
Lumber Worth $300,000 Burned.
TACOMA, June 25.— C. B. Shedd, a
rich Chicagoan, who is backing the
Alaska Central ~ Railroad, returned
Thursday night from Alaska. He
says:
"The Alaska Central is now in a
position to push matters and that
there will be no delays in "the work
of construction. By next summer we
expect to have the line extended as
far as Knick Arm, 150 miles from
Seward. To achieve that feat work
will be carried on all winter."
C. B. Shedd, Who' Is Backing, the Line,
Says There Will Be So Delays
"In Construction.
ALASKA CENTRAL ROAD
TO BE EXTENDED RAPIDLY
DETROIT, Mich., June 25.— Charles
Swayze evidently intended to kill Miss
Effle Alvord and himself when he ask
ed the woman to meet him at his office
here yesterday. This letter is address
ed to "Darling Wife and Children" and
opens cs follows:
"Forgive me for this last terrible act
of my life. God knows N I love you dear
ly, but our once happy home is ruined
by my own weakness and the plotting
of malicious enemies."
The letter shows how friends had
failed him and "turned the cold shoul
der," saying that "she" was only a
tool in the hands of .his enemies, and
concludes with a warning t« his wife
to be careful of any money that comes
to her and asks her to try and teach
his little girls to think kindly of their
father.
Miss , Alvord, who was shot by
Swayze before he plunged from the
eleventh-story window, is in no dan
ger.
Epistle Written by Man Who Attempt
ed to Kill Woman in Skyscraper
Shows Premeditation.
SUICIDE LEAVES LETTER
INTIMATING HIS CRIME
WINNIPEG, Man., June 25.— William
MacKenzie, president of the Canadian
Northern, characterizes as utter non
sense the report from Victoria that the
Grand Trunk Pacific will absorb the
Canadian Northern.
"It is a very old story, which has
lifts denied .before this," said he. "I
"was never In Great Britain at any
meeting of the sort and never acted
as the principal In any such negotia
tions."
RUMOR OF ABSORPTION'
OF RAILROAD IS DENIED
ST. IX)UIS, June 25. — Marcus Cra
han of Providence, R. I., to-day plead
ed guilty In the United States District
Court to having printed and uttered
counterfeit bills and was sentenced to
fifteen years' hard labor in the Gov
ernment prison at Atlanta, Ga., and
to the payment of $2500 fine.
Crahan was arrested at the Delmar
race track two weeks ago after hav
ing successfully passed two counter
feit 5100 gold certificates.
GOES TO JAIL. FOR FIFTEEN*
YEARS FOR COUNTERFEITING
It was at this juncture that the other
team drove up, and failing in nerve the
robbers, instead of commanding the
driver of the second rig to halt, started
on a run for the brush. Their capture
Ib doubtful.
The stage was being driven by B. E.
Travis, the owner, and three passen
gers were aboard. It was near Tipton
that the bandits stepped out from the
brush into the road and ordered the
driver to halt, at the same time leveling
guns at his head. There was nothing
for him to do but obey, and the horses
were brought to a standstill. One of
the robbers then told the passengers to
file out of the rig and line up on the
road so they could be relieved of their
valuables.
SUMPTER, Or., June 25.— Three
masked men held up the Whitney-Can
yon City stage yesterday afternoon, but
secured no booty. The manner in which
the hold-up was performed indicates
that the robbers were novices. A Sher
iff's posse is now hunting for the men,
who took to the brush wheji another
team drove up from the direction of
Tipton.
Si>ecial Diri>atch to The Call.
Approach of Another Team
Scares Them Off Before
They Eob the Passengers
MASKED BANDITS
HOLD UP STAGE
28
\- 'Iil!l%t\\ \ liiPatA iVe hetrd .' tke PUUince
'/V J'l/mlW 1 l|-lii|vi\ Ab4 tke Ctlto tiri» that (iiaee—
it /A/Wtl>\ I U\>rSll ! * r< l W8Bdtf hire 'urn on the Pikef
in / 'M Il«-If rithtedbyCollier'iWrekly. Publuhed by permimco.
ilSfliJ W To St. Louis and Return
I I'^'ilrl' l"Hvl rt 2lF^ WA Miy II,I1,IJ; Junei,x,i5,i6,il,i5; July I, £,7,8,1], ia;
1 ' * ' \ Y\\W'lr\ ii n ¦! Aujuit 8,9,10,18, 1% S«-pi(tnber j, 6,7, J, October },'4, 5,6.
I ''¦;'>V' Iy'IvI 1 / A I ' tn IT Return limit, ninrty diyi.
i^H rili'3 Vi^imr a^ c :^ c oc^ ld* n & System and you go
V - I jilr'f 1 I thro' without change. Scenic or Southern
\. ™ >.« \jWpL \ Line, as preferred. Standard and tourist
I I M/jlll \ sleeping cars; dining cars. Trains stop at
I > iX/i^* ) Main Entrance World's Fair.
I jj jiuf Call or write. ft ' {|IJ q R pllll H
M y i\H RrTHifroiD, D. P. A.j jS^f iJrTiTy^i^^ir^M
I y L k K J 3 Market Strttt, bo&C*! frl Mil tt8^
ADVEBTISEMENT3.
We send our buyers there every year to get the best that im
are grown, and we pay twice what common hops cost. I
A partner in our business buys our barley, and selects the m
best from all. • B
We get our water from six wells, bored 1400 feet to rock. §
Our yeast is all developed from the original mother cells '-I1
which helped to make Schlitz Beer famous. \¥b
All the air that touches Schlitz Beer comes to it through 'if I
air filters. And the beer itself is fiiltered through white s*
wood pulp. Then we age it for months, until it can't pM
cause bilioftisness. |W
We sterilize every bottle. Ask for the brewery bottling. Ira
I o» Angeles — SHEftWOOD & S!lf.RWC0D— Saa FrancrMO W^l K
The Beer That Made MilwauKee Hmouiu!
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEW LIFE BY ELECTRICITY !
Weak, paralyzed organs stimulated, aisease germs
eliminated from the system and the whole body left
in a glorious rejuvenated condition by the
ELECTRO CHEMIC TREATMENT
These are the wonderful results obtained by the scien-
tific application of electro-chemistry to human ills :
jgBKaif^S. Electro-chemistry Cores Painlessly
J&gsS^ «X - an* Without Operation
%[ t f tSJ.*** Catarrh Indirection,
StBi /Asthma, * , Liver Diseases.
JHrT /^\ Ccmsumptioa, Cystitis,
( L- \ CrT* /a» c*//\ \ neatness, Bladder
W^ * V'Tv*^ ' />CN/7\ nt*A Noises, Troubles,
fi/ ** > "^ /^<>Q. ' \Khenmatlsm, Ecsema,
J J&S^B^^ \\ ifl JH^rrousness. rSllta^Spells,
{J5fc''"'^^8fe«Bi / Wxl / Iiocomoto'r Kectal Tjicers,"
[ja* jffl® wI/jbBBl\ /J j— Ataxia. Bectal Tiseures,
; ' BHESMBBBKi "t~ TJloers, Nervous Dls-
1/ xfiiL -' . a • ' t - TC^BO Tumors, eases of "We-men,
U ME*' 'ijgCtfj Hfjrt! s' ;^^"~ f Ocitre, Special Diseases '
a eB&SI- •^'?*.~*i~£\'C'?£ "Ais&M f^\ f Brlsrhfs Disease, of Ken.
*¦*"> AXiL, FORMS Or SKIN AND
j^gm^BBnnFplF'HP*" ' ' '¦«* ( blood diseases.
CA2TCESS, TUKOBS, LUPUS, ECZEKA CtTBES by EI.ECTKO-CHEMIC Z-BAT
FREE X RAY EXAMINATION, CONSULTATION,
DIACNO5IS, ADVICE AND TRIAL TREATMENT.
WSZTB 70S BOXES TBEATMENT XT YOU LIYE AT A UXSTANOE.
ELECTRO = CHEMIC INSTITUTE,
118 OXAJTT ATE., SOXt. POST ST, SAN rRANCISCO.
Separate apartments for ladies aad rentlemea. -¦'..:. _¦„ . . \ltiU*\..
__ _____ ADVEBTISEaLENTS. wwN<w^...
!|ir^S| * SAN FRANCISCO'S FURNITURE CENTER i M-JSLji B
OT »i -^§ ra X T 1 \T _ | „ Modern designs, effective colorings, 9 n £? £j p.jfl \& ggj fe
Mm 1% m WOOl VCIVClS Some very choice patterns. Ready Jraj.ltJ U \$ ESX&X&li
H l» _f?^?^P: M S 00^ old weavc is to ° wel1 known to rei _ u5rc further descrip- | # fa P&ee^^pa^'S rl
_3 gg __"1^. b 1 ¦ B c* »,i * • ± Fine deep pile. Floral and Persian wi >^a| j£& 11
MM *^%&Am jlalltil AXmillSlCFS effects. Some very choice | 4\ M _. <^g »
W^^aSS-S^^g Bl^ClOW AXmillStCrS OrientalandHoral A P llill H
H ! %i-__c__t_B5^^ m T "r_ __a_7TY_ Best ground cork and linseed oil. Some ef fee- O /v fa <8| M
JM '^SlBfa^^A ra _, . . f**t k vmT\£*+ Sanitary and moth proof, reversi- 4\ £* g^ jrj l£>^ *^~ lfc\ B
M P%_ vi- Ha i_/Oll2*QC well UCl blc. Each side a different patt-rn. M tS I
83 Sfl , nnffrr'^j IS /"«i • Ik _" ii' j Our own importations. Good freih fl*^ I /r\. al tfflf^^*^ __bW> SI
' 1 1 Chllia Alatling fiber. Artistic colors. Per yard J^C U^&^^^i-M
; .. — _-_------------------------S-S-S-S-S-S-S----------------------------------------------------__--W------
ADVEBTISEMENTSw ¦ _
WjfiBB&!fi&^ This it the first time this season you have had a chance to buy cuting shoes at specially re- \8MBflB
aRtf&jt&r duced price*— read this Hit, and we venture the assertion that you will b: astonished at the valuss we
fiEJaSsrar are offering for this Fourth of Ju'.y Special Sale. : '#V «_ «Iy TH
Vif\£S While these prices may indicate that the footwear is cheap and inferior, ws asrure you that such «r
W " £5 o0 t the case— the reverse is the fact- ihe prices are ridiculously low for the splendid lines we are
f 1 offering — you money back on every purchase. Kaufmann's are well known for the quality and style H
|j | of their shoes— no other thoe house excels in any of the fine points of r-hoc merchandising and our lines a
|j J «xe the most talked about shoes in San Frandico-see the windows - or better still, step in and see 15
?? fcnoea— —our tL.Ov bdoc i j^ § .. . v) j p (k^ tm^* »*
HI —AnriT\* the Wfrek \ « I L«Cie« Kid GIMOA Tlei — .--}_; . W
H — cunni- me Y*.25 \ .» I Pl ai « toe— French hw«ls: a Men's Gray Canvas Lftc« R>
I, ............ . «;, . soft, fine shoe to rest your Shoos or Oxfords — just the B
I L.file.- White Canva, \ f / £*, ln tr i^ p f v^« ifl'urtr.* thln * durln * the 4th of 1
Up — *" Oxfordi — llBTit hand- I » I t| on _ gptcial if 2.15 vacation; all sizes and P
1 1 h"e"s <1 Md e beeT < v ! a?ue / V \ Infants' Ankl« Ties— two widths— as Illustrated |
j j 2j>. patent leather and white B
j j l wkITf ' /Rk. Lace Shce.- — trimmed with - "•
feT^^^r fcJwjE^^fw^ij^^3?Mgrf!lffl% Children'* and Pi^ftSL Ian calf — W ?.
si i wf\ . , ,?t—^fiflf^Ptjl^^^^^fc in lit . *i i'/jt I Sll*6 lii t tO~ ••¦•••- .!*"O liill
I l\ Children"* an*! rubber soles — rrfcularly 60? /I IS3
| J I -*^^363HD^^ Misses' V> hit* -\. "' ¦ ~"J * 47>C / j llw
M I Ladles' Gray Canvas Oxfords — medium Canvas Oxfords M I I M
¦ I heel? and soles— <mr special $1 value, nr L«ce &*«>+*—• \ - # '. ¦''..;". • / I M
El I Ul^ lustration •. HSc Sixes 5 to S. ..09c y^X Men s Tennis Shoes — either In // H
(I 1 Ladies' Canva* Boots — 10 Inches hlfh — a Sizes 6H to -ray or white, with heavy / / H
B 1 ffcUl^^. ¦"!*.!!'.. f^'ry.&iO SUeTlUi io2.'. '.".:'.'• '¦$>¦«» rubber soles 5Co // 9
if I ¦»•¦ • t^t Mr a- lfi*'f^ Bm m$1M £A Ba 13 ¦» "^** *£\ *^ THJ2 / i K*
f I | ji 7 w r ' *¦ ma Km "TT t*» n^ XmbWpBj l^rwA mBnZm turn El * Vdk. VA7V / I wr\
11 I Kfl AJ il li il^S eB^BtH ft1mm\ B3aB ff^k M l^Jf, Aval / 1 Kj
M I CEIVXID. Cb.C3C&I^ Jt-C . P "^^V^ SOLD. / ICASH ATTRACTS
THE AERONAUTS
}hny Air Navigators Enter
Flying Machine Contests
to Ik' Held at Exposition
• —
EACH ONE IS SANGUINE
Dr. (iroth of San Francisco
on Hand With Aeroplane
to. Try for First Honors
MONARCHS MEET;
CANNONS BOOM
Edward of Great Britain
and William of Germany
Greet Each Other at Kiel
E3IPER0Pt KISSES taXG
Rulers Clasp Hands and
Embrace. While Warships'
Guns Thunder a Salute
Special Dispatch to The C«I1
ST. LOUIS, June 25. — Two hundred
tKiusand dollars in cash prizes is the
attraction that brings air navigators
hrre from every part of the world. The
air ship contests will begin at the
'World's Fair before this month is out.
and they are expected to revolutionize
rapid transit and mark the beginning of
a new era in modes of travel.
The largest prize «.$100.000) goes to the
aeronaut whose average speed will be
the greatest in three trips. Under the
rules of the contest every craft may
pass over the course in continuous
flight as many times as desired, and
the time as recorded by the judges will
be the average time in which it covers
the full course. No trial will be con
sidered unless the full course is cov
ered, and the aeronaut must make the
complete trips around the course at an
average speed of at least twenty miles
an hour. The trials will continue dur
ing the months of July, August and
September. Twelve acres inclosed by a
fence thirty feet high near the Admin
istration building of the fair constitute
a windbreak and a starting point for
the races. The competitors Include all
the great airship Inventors of the world
—Santos Dumont, Sir Hiram Maxim,
Professor Langley, Leo Stevens, Octave
Chanute and others already well known
will be among the .number.
Dr. August Greth of San Francisco
will enter the contest with his airship,
which he has already thoroughly tested
with considerable satisfaction and
which, he says, he has under perfect
control. A Phoenix, Ariz., recluse has
invented a flying machine with a frame
uork of willow twigs made into wings
like those of a bird. The rapid move
ment like a stroke of the bird's wing, he
thinks, will give his machine the neces
sary £?eed and buoyancy. He claims
t«i have made several successful tests
of the machine at night. He will not
divulge anything relating to his inven
tion.
GOLDEN STATE IS WELL
REPRESENTED AT THE FAIR
Many C'alifornians" Names on the
Kogij-ters at the St. Louis
Kxposition.
;~T. LOUIS, June 25.— The following
<'aJifornians have registered at the
Luuitiar.a Purchase Exposition:
Berkeley— Alice L. Clark, Harold
lirayon.
Oakland— Miss Aprnes Feeney, Mrs.
V.'. I?. Sheldon. Miss J. Sheldon, C. L.
Johnson and wife, Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam F. Burbar.k, Aibin, Jinaen, J. J.
Trzcir.ski and H. G. Bturtevant.
Siin Francisco— Harry F. Brown,
Henry D. Harington. Mrs. H. H. Har
ington. Miss E. B. Murray, William H.
•Murray, Mrs. Madge Macken, Carroll
T. Hickey, E. J. Burn, George W. Cla
brough, R. L. Baker. S. A. Ratzlaff.
May Ratzlaff, John C- Edmonds, H.
Ruehman. Mr. and Mre. J. Wlllard,
Miss Gertrude Willard, Nellie M.
BJakey, Dick Israel, Mrs. I. Levy, Miss
Levy, Mr. and Mrs. W. Etarre, Wil
liam Rombach, William Wolff, Mr. and
Mrs. William Boyens and • Frank
Schwabacher.
Los Angeles — Arthur T. Stewart,
Edith M. Herron, M. W. Connors, Mrs.
M. R. Rose, Miss F. L. Mooers, Mrs.
May K. Viven, Mrs. P. Jauss, Alvin
Jauss, Arthur A. Peterson and A. H.
Sain.
Fresno— W. A. Edgerly and family,
Ivan P. Chapman. O. Rufert, Mrs. J. B.
Dawson. Miss Blanche White, Miss
Elma Hoover and Mrs. F. A.
Hoover.
Little Shasta— S. E. SouIenAnd R. O.
Soule.
Santa. Rosa — Casper A. Ornbaum.
Orange — B. F. Townsecd and Mrs. B.
F. Townsend.
Altadena— Mary E. Phelps.
Stockton — Mrs. PL L. Brooks and
Mat eel a Brooks.
Sacramento— Martha W. Bremer and
Mrs. H. D. Myers.
Ean Luis — A. L. Johnson and D. Har
bort.
San Jose— T. S. Toung.
Mills College— Beatrice Pickett
Merced— M. M. Vincent and wife.
Riverside— Mrs. J. W. Annitt. Dr. J.
F. Brown and Robert J. F. Brown.
Bakersfleld— Paul Gates and Mrs. M.
Gates.
Ean Diego— F. L Gephart, H. H.
KIEL, June 25.— The royal yacht Vic
toria and Albert, with King Edward on
board, entered the Holtenau lock, at
the mouth of the Baltic canal, this aft
ernoon amid the salutes of the assem
bled German
Emperor William, who was accompa
nied by Prince Henry of Prussia, the
Crown Prince, Frederick William, and
a brilliant suite, awaited his uncle here.
The meeting between the two sover
eigns was most hearty.
King Edward, wearing the uniform
of a German admiral and having a
cross on his breast, a ribbon of the Or
der of the Black Eagle, was on the
deck of the Victoria and Albert with
a large retinue. Immediately after the
gangway had been laid Emperor Wil
liam boarded the British yacht and
greeted his uncle in the heartiest man
ner, kissing him several times on both
cheeks. After greetings between King
Edward and Prince Henry of Prussia
and the Crown Prince, the King land
ed, witnessed a march past the guards
an<l returned to hls'yacht, which after
ward entered Kiel harbor. All the war
ships, yachts and other vessels in the
harbor dressed shli>, and the shore bat
teries and warships fired royal salutes.
,A heavy rain fell the whole time,
marring what otherwise would have
been a picturesque scene.
All boys who pursue their studies
are not able to catch up.
Captain Buchanan, commander of the
American-built Turkish cruiser Med
jideh, has accepted a commission in the
navy of the Sultan.
his house on Eighteenth street. It
merely announced the event.
Mrs. Tyler Is a relative of Surgeon
General Rixey of the navy and her
mother is Mrs. English, who makes her
home with Surgeon General Rizey.
She is the widow of a naval officer
who died several years ago and Is a
woman of great personal attractions
and Intellectuality. She and Justice
Brown have been friends for years and
she has frequently visited at bia home
in this city.
Member of the Federal Supreme
Court Marries Mrs. Jose
phine Tyler.
WASHINGTON. June 25.— Justice
BroWn of the Supreme Court of the
United States was married to Mrs.
Josephine Tyler at Crosswicks, N. J.,
to-day.
The first news of the marriage came
to- Washington to-night in a telegram
from Justice Brown to the butler of
JUSTICE BROWN" GIVES
FRIEXDS A SURPRISE
that of dynamite and according to
Zorn it will operate with much more
certainty and dispatch. It requires
double fulminating caps to explode
and cannot be set oft accidentally by
wreck or fire.
TACOMA, June 25.^ — Frederick Zorn
has invented a high explosive known
as jovite, which he claims to be su
perior to dynamite by at least 100 per
cent. Its particular ; points of merit
are compactness, strength and safety.
The cost is only slightly greater than
Find Substitute for Dynamite.
SAN BERNARDINO, June 25.— The
peculiar actions of a thirst crazed horse
feaved the lives of a party of five pros
pectors ln Death Valley yesterday. The
animal, bearing an empty packsaddle,
found Its way into the camp of Her
man Goldberg and Henry L. Delong,
two miners in that vicinity. The horse
was frantic, stamping and snorting un
til the miners tried to put their hands
upon him, when he made off Into the
desert, leading them on all night until
they came in the early morning upon a
camp in which lay five men who had
suffered from thirst till they had be
came delirious, one of the number be
ing unconscious. The four had carried
the unconscious comrade for many
miles until their strength failed them
and they lay down to die. In all of
their canteens .there was but one cup
of water.jbut this they were saving for
the man who lay as one already dead.
The unfortunates, who were found near
Kingston Peak, were taken into the
Ivanpah Valley, where they are slowly
recovering. '; \; \'V;
Leads Miners to Spot in Desert Where
Men Are Slowly Dying
of Thirst.
HORSE SAVES LIVES
OF FIVE PROSPECTORS
A man who has a lot of money and
no sense Is usually a very severe critic.
SACRAMENTO, June 25.— The Bee
publishes an article which states that
it has just discovered that "Warden
Tell thwarted the plans for another
prison break, in which Jack Brady and
Kid Thompson, who are serving life
sentences for train robbery, and sev
eral other desperate prisoners were the
ringleaders.
The convicts had planned that, com
mencing several days before the exe
cution of Koklchi Hldaki on, June 10,
they were to feign illness and be sent
to the hospital, two or three at a time.
When the death chamber was filled
with officials and free men awaiting
the execution, Thompson, Brady and
the others, were to rush from the hos
pital and close and bar the door to the
death chamber, making the officials and
free men prisoners. They were then
to release Wood, Murphy and Eldridge,
under sentence of death for murders
connected with the big prison break
last July. Warden Tell discovered the
plot In time to frustrate It
WASHINGTON, June 25.— According
to figures Just completed at the Pen
sion Office the unknown army of old
soldiers not heretofore drawing pen
sions but eligible under President
Roosevelt's new order is far smaller
than had been supposed. It Is believed
it will not exceed 25,000 men.
Though the new law has been In ef
fect for nearly three months and the
Pension Office authorities have been
endeavoring to have this class of veter
ans apply for pensions due them, less
than 5000 applications have been filed.
It was estimated by members of Con
gress and pension officers that there
were at least 150,000 of former . mem
bers of the armies of the Civil War
who were unaccounted for on the rolls.
Now, however, the estimate has been
revised, and It was said to-day that
there were not more than 20,000 old
soldiers alive who were not pensioners.
The small number of applications In
dicates, officers of the bureau say. that
the death rate has been much higher
of late years among the veterans than
has been suspected.
Special Dlssatch to The Call,
Applications Under New Or
der Issued by President
Eoosevelt Not Numerous
Eingleaders Intended to Ee
lease Convicts Who Are
Under Sentence of Death
DEATH KATE IS HIGH
WAEDEN CHECKS PLOT
Their Total Number Esti
mated at Not More Than
Twenty Thousand Men
Desperate Men Serving Time
at Folsom Penitentiary
Plan to Make Their Escape
FEW VETERANS
NOT PENSIONED
PRISON BREAK
IS FRUSTRATED
Reliable gas ranges 116 50. regular
price $20, this week only at S. F. Gas
& Electric Co.. 41fi Post st •
SAN JOSE, June 25.— City Superin
tendent of Schools A. E. Shumate has
tendered his resignation to the City
Board of Education. It is to take effect
the 1st of the coming month.
School Superintendent Resigns.
CHICAGO, June 25. — Alexander C.
Allen, who, as attorney for the Em
ployers' Association, has been Instru
mental in securing injunctions against
a number of labor unions, was the vic
tim of a mysterious attack last night
as he was leaving the building -in
which his office is located. He was
struck down by two men v who ap
proached him from behind, the blows
inflicting severe scalp wounds and ren
dering'him unconscious.
Savage Attack on a Lawyer.
ST. LOUIS, June 25.— The New York
State building was dedicated to-day.
The ceremonies were preceded by a pa
rade and band concert. The informal
programme included an address by
Vice President William Berrle of the
New York commission delivering the
building to Governor Odell, and an ad
dress of acceptance from the Governor.
New York Building Dedicated.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., June 25.— Court
Commissioner E. E. Chapln to-day is
sued an Injunction requiring three Mil
waukee tailors to refrain from employ
ing any but union workmen. They are
also enjoined from violating the terms
of a contract which it Is claimed they
entered into with the Milwaukee Cus
tom Tailors' Union.
The injunctlonal order is said to be
the first that has ever been Issued re
straining a firm from employing non
union workmen.
Milwaukee Tailors Enjoined by Court
From Keeping "Open Shop."
MUST HIRE UNION MEN.
Sununerlln and' wife and W. I* Fulle.
Alameda-^. M. Moore.
Santa Clara— George E. Hyde.
Salinas— Emll Reinhardt.
Pasadena— Mrs. S. S. Holmes.
Los Banos — Mr. and Mrs. G. W.
Menlo Park— George E. Russell and
Mrs. G. E. Russell.
LEAVENWORTH, Kans.. June 25.
Two men were killed and two seri
ously wounded to-day In a street fight
with revolvers, the result of a quarrel
between two harvest hands. The dead:
WILLIAM HAMMOND, farm hand.
GEORGE P. COLE, army deserter.
The wounded:
Charles F. Seeley, newspaper man,
Minneapolis, and Joseph Besser.
George P. Cole, a deserter from the
Thirtieth Infantry, who haa been em
ployed on a farm near this city, got
into a quarrel with William Ham
mond, another farm hand, and with
out a word of warning shot him
through the heart. Cole, with the re
volver In his hand, passed through the
main business streets of the city,
which were crowded with women and
children shopping, warning every one
to keep away from him. A posse of
police officers. In charge of Chief of
Police Taylor hurried to the scene and
about forty shots were exchanged.
Charles F. Seeley, a newspaper man
of Minneapolis, Minn., who happened
to be in the crowd following the man,
was shot down, the bullet passing
through the left groin. Joseph Bes
ser, a former Twentieth Kansan, waa
also shot in the left groin by the mur
derer.
Cole took refuge In a private dwell
ing and when Captain Taylor entered
and called upon him to surrender he
shot twice at the officer, who returned
the nre, laying Cole low with a bullet
through the right temple. He died
within two hours.
Desperado Takes Refuge in
Private House, Where He
Is Slain by Police Chief
BULLETS FIND VICTIMS
Deserter From Army Kills
Farm Hand and Shoots
Into Crowd Pursuing Him
MURDERS MAN;
WOUNDS OTHERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, JUNE 26, 1904.
29
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
A REMARKABLE MAN!
Makes the Blind See, the Deaf Hear,
the Lame Walk without canes and
crutches, and Cures the Weak, Ner-
vous, Dyspeptic, Rheumatic and Para-
lytic in a most remarkable manner.
ONLY SIX MORE DAYS
OF ABBO'S FREE OFFER
EXTRAORDINARY OFFER ALL SUFFERERS
TO THE SICK AND rrom zrervonsaesa. Drs9«P«l». Uw,
AFFLICTED. Kl&aty. Stomach and Blood Diiorder*,
Piles, Catarrh, Bladder and Urinary
..'-;- Troubles, aieumatlsax, IT«aralsrt*. Par-
All Patients Flacinjr Themselves Under aiyda, sciatica, should call aft oace.
Treatment on or Before July 1 Will Be special anlck treatment for privits dl«-
Treated Until Cured Tree of Ca&rre— eates of men and all diseases of women.
M Jrj^r,r.^'« WHO'S SPECIFIC MEDICATION
Parfonn a Cure Go st r-ateht to tha diseased organs and
can be plainly felt at work in the dls-
eased parts very shortly after their use
¦ :^ . * ¦¦•¦¦, •'¦_ • . , is begun. They are pleasant ta take.
Abbo's cures have puzzled the whole mild but 8earcl f Ins ln actlon . yet agree
medical fraternity and astonished the w i t h the most delicate lady or child: do
world. His treatment Is quick and per- not reduce the. strength, and can be used
manent. and he protects his patients by at the usual occupation, as many patients
taking only those cases that can be ««» able to work and attend to business
. • are often slowly, surely, yet uncon-
f ... v j .w sciously. dying, knowing themselves to
No man living has made the record ln yet deceived into a false security,
that Abbo has in eight years* time in They procrastinate and put oft the mat-
America, lie has received more testimo- ter until the case is Incurable. Call and
nials and sworn affidavits than any liv- be examined and at least learn the cause
" .„,,.„ of your disease, and if you can be cured,
ing pnysician. j t c03t9 you nothing and may save your
Abbo treats no acute diseases, but life.
makes an entire specialty of chronic dl- Kw ffSSSft &£*££
eases. Long standing cases given up by .^ . , _ - _
doctors and pronounced Incurable he ABBO MEDICAL INSTITUTE
most desires to see. 343 Post St.
GRAJPE-KTJTS.
~
POOD FACTS.
What an M. D. Learned.
A prominent physician of Home,
Georgia, went through a food experi-
ence which he makes public:
"It was my own experience that first
ltd me to advocate Grape-Nuts food
and I also know from having: pre-
Bcrlbed It to convaler -«nts and other
weak patients that the food Is a won-
derful rebuilder and restorer of nerve
and brain tissue, as well as muscle. It
knproves the digestion and Elck pa-
tients always pain just as I did in
strength and weight very rapidly.
/-TI was in such a low state that I had
to give up my work entirely and go to
the mountains of this State, but two
months there did not improve me; In
fact. 1 was not quite as well as when I
left home. My food absolutely refused
to sustain me and it became plain that
I must change, then I began to use
CJi-ape-Xuts food and in two weeks I
could walk a mile without the least
fatiirue and ln five weeks returned to
:r>y home and practice, taking up hard
work agttin. Since that time I have
frit as well and strong as I ever did In
my life.
"As a physician who seeks to help all
hufferers I consider it a duty to make
thf-tse facts public" Name given by
Postum Co.. Battle Creek, Mich.
Trial 10 days on Grape-Nuts- when
the regular food does not seem to sus-
tain the body will work miracles.
"There's a reason."
Look in each pkg. for the famous lit-
tle book, "The Road ta Wellville."
JOE ROSENBERGS. j JOE ROSENBERG'S. [ JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOr. ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S.
_^.J$OM.E TffMOS THAT WILL PLEASE YOUSL, W^^M^JFS
pili»^^^fs^^^^O^ AND YOi/M. PI/M3E AT THE PMI&E ?"-¦--"——- ,'
# :".*.j3'*iyi:<*r .— «» 9 «¦¦»¦¦¦¦¦¦•¦¦¦» . . I . throughout with alumlnoicl Iwn-
'^i^^mfr^^^M &mTTE®<S T/f/S WEEK. * »„ «», ™ «.. ' BiC^FJJI^C^ii,
'ry'^^^^Mlfff^ttTf^^^iK^^S ¦ Made on extra fine bunting, colored I havp h.id thHr corsets made to
i : 1 TO ACTS, not talk, you'll find in this store, the home of the best in th * Bulgarian ***$& \ ?£g c ?* th ™£] < : uk * "' h !#L».7n
F""""w,, '•>^''?MM]I^ R-fc 1 r t B f gail1 F t we f ri 7 a PP arcL .Ev-xy article in our store is a worthy ar- HOSE STTFPOBTE3 ANJ > ° m ,ono, " S «t hold^' *
HW((..;., 'tjJ&xafrtt&r Basement for . tide of your consideration or a school of information. We do hal EEEucna. Made o/ heavy gross™ in HM>on.
*" • l «w»«««««K*sK(Sa»nfcyH! • not rbim tn pivp $inn valup fnr nn know what that i^ Made with ji eurv«d shaped pad, with with aluminold clasp: attaches to
LADIES' MUSLIM ?° 1 j^ • , {. j Know wnat mat is;. belt attach0(1: faur strap3 * of extra tne beit ,, r walst , ArA hoWa the
.-osv* •.»• rt^fJIglKS&^f^tfS&kr* L UILO " luouiyi We do not rr%rk up prices to mark them down. We Claim to give heavy elastic with velvet *rip skirt in any position never loses
gjmI}<*\f\\'**' Kr ,«*\<cSfc^^JS5?S^5S^S» I I\inFK>l/l/F/l£> full value fnr vonr mnnpv nr unur mnn^u hadt Whar nth#»r«: ar\ clasps; in pink, blue, rod. black: its prip: will not tear the most
§^gfe^_ , •^> fi^2s3§53?gs?^^^ UfVutKvvtAK. ma vaiue ior your money or your money Daci?. wnat otners aa- prlce th( . m e i.-ewhere. then come delicate fabric. The most practi-
~"*«5«33byi|s-«<ijS?5fcr*«» | | vertise VOU'H find We Sell for less. here and see how reasonable we well cn\ device fnr holriini; the skirt.
' . ¦ • , ¦ ___*% them for 25c Price lin**
PPIl YflM tfOOn Jl \OPrOt9 SADIES' SHIBT WAISTS. CHILD KBITS VESTS AND PANTS. LADIES' COMBINATION SUITS. "| WOBLSV BEST. LADIES' DXAWEBS.
UQII I.UU l\uCU U Ouulul i Made of mercerized nona— . detach- Made of Jersey knitted fabric. Vesta, Low neck and sleeveless, ankle The new W. B. Erect Form Corset; The new patent kind, knitted
_, :^ able collar with large tdm -in-hand high neck and long; sleeves. Pants. length; made of silk finished Eng- abdominal reducing front hose sup- fabric, umbrella shape, deep tor-
There is one secret which we do ties attached; new .puff sleevec; ankle length, perfect fitting. In gray lish thread. Jersey knit. In pink, porters; also side supporters; circu- chon lace trimmed, button on
not choose to keen and that in thi» tailor-stitched tucks back and front; or ecru. When you Fee them you blue and white. If you're a good lar cut. hand-gored; made of import- sides; no iron or starch needed.
, JtrA^««« many different styles to choose will know that they are worth more Judge you will find more than your ed batiste. To most exacting more You will appreciate the sroo.1
secret Of our SUCCESS. from. Price f)Sc than we ask A garment 25e m money's worth for Sl.OO m than an even exchange for. .'$1 .<)O merits when you see thcm..5Qe
•T hat j SamC CCeSS Can bc at " T LADIES' COafBINATION POCKET- LADIES' OOLP OB WALKING LADIES' GLOVES. . LADIES' WAISTS. . f SCISSOBS. *
triDUted to nothing more nor less BOOK AND PUBSE. SKIRTS. . Princess make. Made of picked Made of all-silk peau de sole; hem- Made of guaranteed tempered
than our desire and ability to Made of seal and morocco leather. Made of all-wool cheviot, serge and lambskin, three rows of embroidery stitched and button trimmed; tight steel. 6. 7. S and 9 inrhes long;
PI FA<;K fve-nr nnrrVia«*i- «,>¦« I. extra strong purse with a patent homespun: tailor-stitched and .cord- stitched on the back; sizes 6Vi. 6?4. fitting linings; detachable collar; in perfectly shaped handles. If you
, . j , very purcnascr wno is clasp. In brown, tan and black; $3, .ed flounce; in brown, navy, green 7, 7}i. 7»fe and 8. If your size is here white, black and pink dotted; in paid throe times the price, you
land enough to favor US with a calL $ 4 and $5 quality marked to close. . and gray; worth three times this now is your chance to get a good odd lot; an extraordinarily low price. could not get a better scissors
.">4><; price 82.25 glove at 6Oc 73e than these. Price 25««
O ¦ C O ' C Q Q <
TOILET OB HAIB COMB. SILK PETTICOATS. LADIES' GOLF OB OUTING VEST. LADIES' LONG KIMONAS. LADIES' PETTICOAT. T BACK COMB OB EAIB BE-
Madc of superior quality of irutta Made of extra heavy all-silk taffeta; Made of all-wool Saxony; fancy jer- Made of colored imported lawn In Made of fast black mercerized TAINEB.
percha: 8 inches long; fine and trimmed with an 8-inch accordion sey knit; military double breasted neat dainty Dresden patterns; sateen, with a deep flounce and Made of India shell: catches up
coarse teeth; the kind that will pleated flounce; in changeable red, effect: trimmed with large pearl Mikado sleeves; piping of solid col- trimmed with two ruffles and six ail the stray locks and adds chic
not «eratch or pull the hair; blue, green, brown and black. Price buttons; in red, green, blue and ors; in pink, blue, green and white. tailor-stitched bands; ltberally made and style to the hair; real tor-
Rood Judges, inspect these.. 12 1 /a<« 84.OS black. Price O8e Price J)8c ln length and width. Price i)5c toise in look anil finish 15c
Q Q %i C G — O 1
ALICEEN. | LADIES' LINEN ULSTER. LADIES' SUEDE LISLE GLOVES. NORMANDY OB POINT SB PARIS TOBCEON LACE. 1 LADIES' VESTS.
Perfect shaped bustle; made of Made of imported grass linen, trim- Kayser make. Paris Point embroid- LACE. One-half to 2 inches wide; all new • Made of silk ami wool, swiss
sateen, filled with sanitary hair; med with three tailor-stitched capes cred back, two clasps; in gray. From 3 to S Inches wide; ln coral patterns: extra strong edge; the ribbed, high neck. Ions and short
lace trimmed: if you're looking and rolling collar and cuffs and champagne, black and white; all leaf and bow-knot designs; all pearl good washing kind; for underwear or sleeves, steam-shrunk, warmth,
for a form improver for a low large puff sleeves. Just the garment sizes. Just the glove for summer edge> the good washing kind. Spe- children's summer dresses. Price.. velvet finished and lie;ht weight,
price hores one 25e for traveling 83.1)8 wear 25c J^ clal at ..A yard Qc J[ A yard fte ' Price Sl.T.O
j GIBDLE TAFE COSSETS. LADIES' SUMMEB OUTING SKIRTS. T LADIES' EOSE. T LADIES' SKIBTs! LADIES' GOWNS. T FREEDOM OB FXBSXS WAISTS
New Empire shape: made of all- Made of grass linen, habit back, ¦ Made of French lisle: In opep- Made of Lonsdale cambric, trimmed Made of XX cambric, rounded yoke. For children; made of extra
Filk satin tape; rust-proof steels; open at the sides; imitation pock- worked ribbed, fancy silk embroid- with a fifteen-inch flounce of em- with twenty-five hemstitched. tucks; heavy coutille; six rows tailor-
boning in pink. blue, white and ets: trimmed with large pearl but- ered; regular 50c quality. A lucky broidery and three rows of open- neck, yoke and collar embroidery stitched seams; adjustable shoul-
black. The just-right fitting cor- tons, deep hem, full width. Price.. purchase enables us to sell them for work hemstitched tucks. Price.... trimmed: liberally made ln length der straps; double rows of wash-
set A pair noc S1.5O • 25c Sl.OO and width. Price OOc able tape buttons. Price l»."»c
6 Q Q O O i Q ¦ 4
T SILK FINISHED MULL. LADIES' WBIST OB AUTO BAGS. POINT DE PABIS INSERTION. EMBROIDERY. ALLOVBB VALENCIENNES BEAD- LADIES' VESTS.
For hat and millinery purposes. Made with extra strong gilt or silver In zigzag and escurlal designs; many Made on Swiss cambric; 9 Inches ING. Made of lightweight cotton, low
In light blue, red. pink, cream. plated frame; in3lde purse to match; different patterns to choose from; ln wide; button-hole edge; in openwork. Full 18 inches wide; for the new neck and sleeveless; swl3s rib-
1 navy, green and black leather braided handle; all colors. ecru and white; from 1 to 3 inches blind and scroll designs. Price.... : corset cover or dress trimming. bed; in pink, blue and white.
I A yard 1 Of Made of grain leather 75c wide A yard ,">C A yard 25c Price A yard 40c Price ,"»c
fo n o o o (
TOOTE BBUSEES. CHILD'S AUTO OB WRIST BAG. ALL SILK TAFFETA BIBBON. LADIES' SILK GLOVES. ALLOVEB NET OB WEBBING. I DBESS SHIELDS.
Highly polished, horn handle. Made of Alligator skin, nearsilk Alpaca finish, corded edge, full five The celebrated Trefousse make, dou- Made of Point de Gene lace: full 13 I The Alba quality: nainsook covered
claar white sanitary hog bristles; lined: extra strong frame, with a inches wide, sash ribbon width. In ble woven finger tips, three rows of inches wide; in wheel and tenerlffe I and vegetable lined: washable
the shaped kind, so as to fit leather handle; in brown, tan and pink, blue, cream, black and white. silk stitching, two patent clasps; in designs; in ecru or white. Price... I and odorless; large size; star of
snuslv to the teeth. Price. .15c black. Price 2uC P" c e , 7c black and white. Price 50c 75c I all shields. Price 15c
o : f. q o . ' q ¦ • • q (
I EAIB BBUSE. T CLOCKS. LADIES' HOSE. LADIES' OVEBOOLLAB AND BIB- LADIES' WHITE PETTICOATS. LADIES' VESTS.
Made of sanitary clear white hog The Schwart2wald Clock, from Ger- Out sizes for large women; made of BON PB0TE0T0B. Made of soft bleached muslin, trim- Low neck and no sleeves: made
bristles; hardwood backs; bristles many; hand carved, ivory hands and maco cotton, fast black, white soles: Made on fine Persian lawn, finely med with a deep flounce of torchon of soft-finished cotton, lace trim-
put in in Joe Reyes' new patent numbers; longr brass chain, heavy Just the stocking for sore or tender embroidered ln the new Swiss pat- lace and insertion, also dust ruffle. med. neck and arm holes. swis3
I way, 80 as not to come out. .;jOc bronze pendulum. Price 50c feet. Price IJ5c terns. Price 7c Price 85c ribbed. In pink, blue, white. J>c
Q 1 C Q O Q — — Q <
T LADIES' HANDKEBCKIEFS. LADIES' CAPE COLLARS. HANDKEBCEIEFS. LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS. GENTS' EANDKEBCHIEPS. SHELL HAIKFIJT3.
Made of Belfast lawn, narrow Made of Point' de Gene lace, full six Made expressly for kimonas. Full Made of pure Belfast linen, full size, Made of XX white cambric, full Made of highly polished Ital!an
I hemstitched, hand-made initial inches wide; in coral and leaf de- size, fast colors, blue, white and narrow hemstitched borders size, extra strong hemstitched: spe- shell: 4 inches long: In black and
I 5c signs; in Arabian colors. Price.. 54>c yellow; Persian effects 8c 8c each, or. a dozen 75c cial at 5c each. or. a dozen 50c tortoise color. 12 for Oc
q : C Q O OO — Q <
T BELTS. QUEEN ANNE COLLAB AND TIE. MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED CHILDREN'S HANDKERCHIEFS. f LADIES' EOSE.
Made of pleated silk taffeta. Made of extra fine white lawn, 50 _- jo^ _,__ --_ sa n ¦ mb^ rb av ar% Tlir ' Made of S° od strong white lawn. I Made of Egyptian lisle, fast
I lined, fancy metal buckles and inches Ions and 5 inches wirio; in ja [S^Gi g*^ H H HB O B Hi IB fl fil D I IHr with hemstitched borders; full size I black, openwork lace effect, ex-
I slides 2.">O pointed and square effects t()<; n | fl I Bfl | g i gag BJ/ H flj M ¦ I IIU JU; I tra long. Our price -lOe^
BEAUTIFIERS IN VEILINGS. I LADIES' GOWNS. j W S3 I &J f 1 BJ B% Bt | H ifi 8 |j BJ PRICE'CUTTER f ™ CK0WW SKIRT BRAID. | CHILD'S HOSE.
In crisscross, spiderweb. horse- Made of soft bleached muslin; tuck- EN El 1 H WtalOWBillwl niwu uwiik.il Steam-shrunk yarn, extra heavy I Made of fast black English
hair and complexion net; Hie- ed yoke, square effect collar and G3 gj fg fl ; brush at bottom to prevent wearing I thread: jersey ribbed; double
nille dotted and plain. Price..25c I sleeves. ruHle trimmed. Price.. 48c \jLJg «L, } 1L V 816 Market StTCCt (I O'FarTCll StfCCt Out- Blue - brown ' tan - black.. Yd. 5c I heels, toes, knees; all sizes.!2Hc
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Not a Real Diamond I
9 imitations, as this wonderful y
•^ electric lights. Sold/ only at "
palaces of WOBLD3 QEEATEST DIA-
MOND IMITATOR, J. O. DAVIDSON.
194 KEABRY ST.i 8. 7. Booklet on ap-
plication. Above is the exclusive palace
of Pacific Coast ? <When the case of George T. Ballin
ger, charged with felony embezzle
ment on complaint of William Schroe
der, president of the California Art
Glass Works, was called in Judge
Dunne's court yesterday for the de
fendant to plead, Colonel T. I. Barry,
on behalf of the defendant, pleaded
not guilty with the privilege of with
drawing - the plea if necessary. He
said that a writ of habeas corpus had
been applied for. to release the defend
ant, and that the matter had been as
signed to Judge Graham's court prior
to the filing of the information. Judge
Dunne criticized the action of coun
sel In not having the writ assigned to
his court and plainly showed that he
was angry. Barry kept ¦¦ his temper
and finally the case was continued for
a week.
Judge Dunne Is Indignant.
Polite Chinese consider it a breach
of etiquette to wear spectacles in com
pany.
There is one comfort in old age— the
older you are the more roses there are
in your birthday bouquet.
¦' The last monthly song service wll
be held this evening at the Firft Con-
Welsh church— Morning, Welsh ser
mon by the pastor; evening, English
sermon. Pastor, J. R. Evans.
First English Lutheran — Morning,
"Alas for Us if Thou Wert All and
Naught Beyond. O Earth"; evening,
"Food Out • of Nazareth." Pastor,
Rev. E. Nelander'.
A special musical programme will
be rendered this evening at the Fourtti
Congregational Church, Green street,
near Stockton. .
This evening being Misa Gertrude
Wheeler's last service as contralto in
Calvary Presbyterian Church, Fill
more and Jackson streets, previous to
her departure for Europe, the direc
tor has arranged a special musical
programme by the following members
of the choir: Mrs. C. W.* Mark, so
prano; Miss Gertrude Wheeler, alto;
Erank Onslow, tenor; D. G. Richards,
bass; R. D. Burness, organist and di
rector.
Programmes Arranged for This Even
ing Contain Many Select Num
bers of Famous Composers.
EXCELLENT MUSIC TO BE
G1VEX AT THE CHURCHES
The case of Richard Fernandez,
charged with grand larceny, was dis
missed by Judge Lawlor yesterday. He
was convicted by a Jury, but the Judge
granted him a new. trial '.and, the Dis
trict Attorney did not appeal from
that order to the" Supreme Court Fer
nandez and Andreas Gomez were 'ac
cused of tricking Candldo Garategui
out of the first prize of $7500 In a lot-"
tery in December, 1902. This money
they divided between them after giv
ing Garategui $10. Gomez fled, before
the trial, forfeiting his bail of $1350
cash.
Case of Fernandez Dismissed.
California and Pacific Coast visitors to
the St. Louis World's Fair who may wish
to journey eastward can reach principal
cities and towns without changing cars
by going over the Vandalia-Pennsylvania
Lines, the shortest route from St. Louis
to the East. A regular daily service of
seven through fast express trains from
St. Louis to Pittsburgh and the Cast en
ables passengers to leave the World's
Fair city at conx'enient hours through
out the day. Purchasers of first-class
tickets to Philadelphia or New York over
Vandalia-Pennsylvania Lines may iave
them routed via Washington for the ask
ing, permitting a visit of ten days at the
national capital and Baltimore. For fur
ther information communicate with E.
M. Pomcroy. 621 Market street, San
Francisco, Cal. :-. > •
Trips East From World's Fair.
Experiment With a Green Horse.
J. Morris of 1335 McAllister street
and O. W. Noll. 371 Hayes street, un
dertook yesterday to experiment with
a green horse. They rernoved the
blinds and then attempted to drive
the animal with an open bridle on
Hayes street. The experiment was a
decided failure so far as the men were
concerned. No sooner were they in
the buggy than the animal started in
kangaroo style for a zigzag course
along Hayes street. Both men were
spilled out. Morris received a few
wounds on the face with a deep lac
erated wound on the back of the head.
Dr. J. F. Miller of the Central Emer
gency Hospital corps fixed him up.
Noll came off with slight injuries to
his left leg.
will preach in the evening after ves
pers.
The solemn celebration of the feast
of St. Aloysius Bozenta will take place
to-day. There will be a solemn high
mass at 10:30 o'clock in St. Ignatius'
Church, with sermon by Rev. D. Ma«*
honey. In the evening* there will b<f
solemn vespers and solemn benedic
tion. The sermon will be by the Rev?
Joseph Riordan.
The Jubilee singers of the Clafliri
University. Orangebury. S. C, will
sing at the mass meeting for men lot
the Tounsr Men's Christian Association
auditorium this aftrenoon at S o'clock.
J. S. Titchnor. one of the army secre
taries of the international committee
of New Tork City, will give a short
address. ...
gregational Church, Post and Mason
streets. Selections from the best com
posers will be rendered by the choir
under the direction of Samuel D.
Mayer, organist. The pastor, Rev.
George C. Adams, will preach on "The
American Idea — Education for All."
California-street M. E. — Morning.
"Religion Between Sundays"; evening,
"Yosemite — A Sermon in Stone." Pas
tor, Rev. Clarence Reed.
Epworth M. E. — Morning. "Leaving
Nothing Behind or Separation From
the World"; evening. "The Material
Used in the Construction of Life's
Sacred Temple." Pastor, Rev. F. A.
Keast
Trinity M. E. — Morning, "The Sus
taining Power of Great Purpose";
evening, "The Atrophying of Unused
Gifts." Pastor, Rev. John A. B. Wil
son.
Rev. Father Carey will preach at
the 11 o'clock mass this morning in
St. Mary's Church. Rev. Father Stark
Fourth of July Rates Reduced.
Week-end tickets add by Soathrn Tmcila
•rent* on Saturday, July 2. will ba coed for re
turn until Tuesday. July 5. • I- j
Two" special cars left Montgomery and
Post streets yesterday afternoon at 2
o'clock carrying the directors of the
Pacific Jupiter Steel Company, their
friends and several men interested' in
foundries around San Francisco. A
number of women were of the party.
The destination of the cars was South
San Francisco, where is located the
large plant of the Pacific Jupiter Steel
Company.
On arriving at the works the party,
which was led by Constant Meese, pres
ident of. the company, was taken in
charge" by the several foremen and the
inspection began. The first things of
interest insoected were the huge fur
naces where the molten steel is kept at
white heat, and the spectator's face
must be shielded on approaching the
doors. Near by huge pots are being
heated to receive the boiling fluid when
it is properly "cooked." A huge steel
overhead traveling crane swings heavy
molds and blocks of steel as deftly as a
child handles his toy blocks. Next came
the forges- and the baking ovens for
drying the molds, the emory wheels
smoothing off rough -metal amid a
Bhower of sparks and the crash of saws
cutting their way through metal; the
great automatic chisels- and planes
slicing oft steel shavings.
When the metal had reached a right
consistency the huge pot, containing
seven tons of molten steel, was carried
by the crane to the empty molds, and
each was filled with the seething metal.
That was the most spectacular sight
of the day— the showers of sparks
where the metal was pouring and the
multi-colored lambent flames playing
about the vent holes of the molds gave
the scene a fantastic beauty.
About 4:30 o'clock the party boarded
the cars and returned to this city.
Directors and Friends Visit
the Pacific Jupiter Works
in South San Francisco
INSPECT LARGE
STEEL PLANT
P. C. F. Gleason sued for an annul
ment of his marriage on June 1, 1903,
to the woman whose initial "A." only
is given in the complaint. He alleges
that the marriage was a forced one.
Judge Kerrigan yesterday granted a
divorce to Rita A. Barren from Henry
Barren on the ground of desertion and
negelct.
Other suits for divorce were filed
by D. D. Griffiths against Anita Grif
fiths on the ground of extreme cru
elty; by Birdie Evalona Jeffress
against William Henry Jeffress, deser
tion.
"Bleeding from ' the lungs and
standing upon the brink of the
grave." is Max Fribert's account of his
physical condition, given in his com
plaint for divorce from his wife, Jo
hanna, which was filed yesterday. He
charges his ailments to his wife's mis
treatment of him. The Friberts were
married at Budapest, Hungary, and
the husband alleges that his wife de
serted him in 1897. Before that date
she had neglected her household du
ties, he declares, and refused to cook
his meals, spending her time at the
aters and In questionable resorts. His
naturally feeble constitution was un
dermined by this neglect and he "hov
ered for months on the brink of the
grave." Fribert further charges his
wife with infidelity.
"William A. Howey, in a complaint
for divorce filed yesterday against his
wife, Rosetta, alleges many acts of
cruelty upon her part that would af
ford material for the paragrapher
who makes fun of quarrels in the
married estate. Howey says that his
wife not only kicked him and slapped
him in the face with a dishrag.and
towel, but threw hot and cold water
upon him and made him a target for
coal, frying pans, canned goods and
other movable' family possessions.
Peculiar Complaint Filed in Divorce
Suit — Troubles of Other Couples
In Court.
SAYS HIS WIFE'S TREATMENT
BROUGHT HIM NEAR TO GRAVE
The number of children in the city
under the age of five is 20.971, as
against 19,804 for 1903. The total
number of children under 17 is, 118,
324, against .111,190 for 1903, an in
crease of 7134.
Of the 97,353 children of school age
50,169 are boys and 47.1S4 girls.
Following is a compartive -table of
the number. of children of school age
as distinguished by color, one Indian
girl having be<m found.
1903. 1904.
White children 88,«06 93,55.-.
Xegro children 231 462
Native born Mongolians 2.549 3,335
Number of Indiana over o 1
Totals 91,386 97,333
The increased census is remarkable
in view of the fact that the census
marshals found great difficulty in pre
vailing upon parents and guardians of
children to sign their names to af
fidavits as provided by a recently en
acted law. In many cases it was im
possible to secure the signatures, but
the deputies under Chief Census Mar
shal Atkinson and his assistant chief,
John G. Fitzgerald, made extraordin
ary efforts with the excellent result
noted.
As the State pays to the city the
sum of $9 for each child of school
age, the school fund of the Board of
Education will receive this year J876,
177, as against 5822,474 for last year,
an increase of $53,703.
Chief Census Marshal Thomas E.
Atkinson yesterday completed his
compilation of the school census for
the year endlngr June 30, 1904. show
ing that there are In this city 97.353
children between the school ages of
five and seventeen.
These figures show an increase of
5967 over the census of 1903, when
the total number of children of school
age was 91,386. In 1902 the school
census aggregated 82,391. The in
crease for this year is a normal one
when it is considered that the entire
population is estimated to be 500,000.
State Will Contribute Sum
of $876,177 to the Funds
of the Board of Education
Interesting trips will be taken by
special train from Eureka over logging
roads into the depths of the redwoods.
Barbacues, camp cooks, etc., are side
attractions for the tour,, but very ma
terial ones. This is the favorable time
to see the magnificent country. An
official photographer will accompany
the tourists. The journey along the
Eel River will afford glimpses of deer
in their wild state.
The number of the party will neces
sarily be limited. It is requested that
those who desire to go' shall notify the
committee by Wednesday of this week
so that all the necessary details may
be arranged. It is impossible to tele
graph anywhere along the route be
tween Sherwood and Eureka, so that
ample time must be given to arrange
the several camps, etc., in accordance
with the number of the party. The
rate of $45 has been made for the en
tire trip. This includes transportation
by rail, stage and steamer, hotel ac
commodations, meals en route and
berths on the special steamer. Prac
tically everything is included in this
price in the way of expenses for the
trip.
Two days will be passed in Eureka.
Then steamer will be taken Thursday
afternoon and the party will arrive in
San Francisco on Friday morning
after an absence of six days.
SEEING LOGGING CAMPS.
Rail connection for Eureka is made
at Camo 5. The train will start at
3:30 o'clock Tuesday evening, July 12.
Altogether three days will Le passed
in covering the distance of 100 miles
by stage. The arrival is scheduled for
9:30 p. m. Tuesday. A delegation from
the Humboldt County Chamber of
Commerce will meet the excursionists
at Camp 5, the chamber and citizens of
Eureka having arranged to entertain
the visitors. A special train will be
run to Eureka under the direction of
the Chamber of Commerce.
Luncheon will be served at Sherwood
and then stages will -be taken over th»
State road for Laytonville, whera the
second night will be passed. Comfort
able quarters have there been provided.
The following two days the riding will
be by stage, with stops the first* day
at Bell Springs 'for luncheon and at
Harris for supper and for the* night.
The next day of staging through the
forest will bring the excursionists to
Camp 5. By that time the stage riding
will hav* amounted to 100 miles in
distance. .
STAGING THROUGH WOODS.
The fourth excursiorr of the Califor
nia Promotion Committee will start for
Eureka, Humboldt County, t Saturday,
July 9, The party will leave this city,
via the Tiburon ferry, at 7:30 a. m.
Brief stops will be made at the prin
cipal towns and places of interest en
route. Among these are San Rafael,
Petaluma, Santa Rosa, Healdsburg,
Asti, Cloverdale and Ukiah.
The party will be entertained at
luncheon at Asti through the courtesy
of the Italian-Swiss colony. The. ar
rival at Willltts is planned to take
place on the evening of July 9. Supper
will be served at Willitts and a stop
will be made over night at the hotel.
The following morning the journey will
be resumed to Sherwood, which -is the
terminus of the California Northwest
ern Railway, in the heart of the red
wood forest.
Citizens of Humboldt Coun
ty Fix Programme for Ben
efit of Visitors From City
SIX DAYS OF TEAVELING
CITY GETS BIG EEVENUE
Promotion Committee^ Tnp
to Eureka Through Forests
Arranged For in Detail
Figures lor This Year In
dicate Large Excess in
the Number of Children
SCHOOL CENSUS
SHOWS INCREASE
PERFECTS PLAN
FOR JOURNEY
THE SAN FRANCISCO- GALt.^ SUNDAY, JUNE 26, 1904.
JOHN MEYERS PLEADS GUILTY.
John Meyers, who was accused of
opening: a letter \ addressed • to .John
Lara, plea'ded guilty yester *.av before
Judge de Haven and will ¦ be sentenced
Monday.
30
AJPVXBTISEMEZrTS. - --¦
1^^ fl IE& B |Si And many other painful aud serious
Pli 11 B P@ m H a^ ments from which most mothers
iffi B H B* a suffer, can be avoided by the use of
HA BfcB" A £%. BHB " Hot^ 8 fr^r This great remedy
•JsrlBUsfW ¦ ordeal -with safety and no pain.
No Toman who uses "Mother's Friend" need fear the suffering
and danger incident to birth; for it robs the ordeal of its horror
and insures safety to life of mother and child, and leaves her in
a condition more favorable to speedy recovery. The child is
its weight in gold to every B»"^^ H BHIHBilSa
woman, and will be sent free in plain |p gg| |j ga gy| ||B*
envelope by addressing application to gg igSL f| fp Wgh H B
BrfidRfiklRegKiatofCo.AilafltajGa. 1 aEl^i^iJ?
SEE PAGES
42 to 47.
ft BUSINESS CHANCES, MOKEY TO LOAN. ROOMS
l\ TO LET FURNISHED AND UNFURNISHED,
HOUSEKEEPING APARTMENTS TO LET. SITUA-
1 TIONS HELP WANTED, AND A THOU-
SAND OTHER WANTS FULLY DISCUSSED—
PAGES 43 TO 47 INCLUSIVE, TO-DAY'S CALL.
AJDVEBTISEMENTS.
You Must Eat,
But then there's the fear of the
pain and distress that always fol-
lows. \\Vhy not strengthen the
stomach by taking Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters and be able to
enjoy your meals ? It is far above
any other medicine as a \stomach
strcngthener and blood purifier
and never fails to cure Poor Ap-
petite, Dyspepsia, Indigestion,
Flatulency, Bloating, Heartburn,
Headache and Nausea. Try it and
'see for yourself. At all Druggists'.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
r jn^>** \ 1 * ¦" ' ****** *^fc *-*/ :*«*«*» ***^^» '*^ * • % VoBbPvSGM
['J ./ * \ ¦*¦- *•, ;"ri \ t ?' / L ¦-"•**• "• *> V* *%• / vXQKBMi
MM m \> t J\ \ \ ' * • *v *:•£- v »\ • • *. •vEElfiSl
IjBR T^* • *^ » * • Ty- * % *7. ¦ \ • i j n!%t.rX9j
if Mrs. Elizabeth H. Thompson, bf Lilly-H
dale, N. Y., Grand Worthy Wise Templar,
and Member of W. C.T. U., tells how she
recovered from a serious illness by the use of
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound*
" Drxn Mrs. FixkitJlm: — I am one of the many of your grateful friends
who hare been cured through the use of Lydia E. Pinkbani's Vegetable
Compound, and rrhocan to-day thank you for the fine health I enjoy. When
I was thirty-five years old, I Buffered severe backache and frequent bearing-
down pains; in fact, I had womb trouble. I was very anxious to get well,
¦md reading of the cures your Compound had made, I decided to try it. I took
only six bottles, but it built me up and cured me entirely of all my troubles.
" My family and relatives were naturally as gratified as I was. My niece
tad heart trouble and nervous prostration, and was considered incurable.
She took your Vegetable Compound and it cured her in a &bort time, and she
became well and strong, and her home to her great joy and her husband's
delight was blessed with a baby. I know of a number of others who have
been cured of different kinds of female trouble, and am satisfied that your
Compound is the best medicine for aick women." — Mbs. Elizabeth H. Thompson,
Box 1«5, Lillydale, N. Y.
Thousands upon thousands of women throughout this country
are not only expressing such sentiments as the above to their
friends, but are continually writing letters of gratitude to Mrs.
Pinkharn, until she has hundreds of thousands of letters from
women in all classes of society who have been restored to health
by her advice and medicine after all other means had failed.
Here is another letter which proves conclusively that there is no
Other medicine to equal Lydia E. Plnkham's Vegetable Compound.
... "Dexk Mbs. Pi>-kham: — I suffered with
poor health for over seven years, not sick
-^<tjp-~^^fV.^|&k enough to stay in bed, and not well enough to
JrSy enjoylifeandattendtomydailydutiesproper- -
Vjj3^"^^K^ ~ *y* * vras R' row J n P thin, my complexion was
Bff y^7 v^S >> ' 'ffi&lmlfib 6a^ OTT ' an d I was easily upset and irritable.
JJW 'v '"One of my neighbors advised me to try
i&SL ££ fiSa SSA Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
(BfljjHl j¥5& EM P° u nd, and I procured a bottle. A great
IgBSBHra^^^THC^^ flgfi change for the better took place within a
Ht /'<& £r '^^v^^^ggM Tvcek - . and I decided to keep up the treatment
ip* J j"^"/ *SSe| " Within two months I was like a changed
.f > XjP'l*/? r^ woman, my health good, my 6tep light, my
i 5 / Jn y\ \ eTes bright, my complexion vastly improved,
' ' •"/ XA i \ an< * * * e ** once more like a young girl. I
If / Hr \ < <", i wonder now how I ever endured the misery.
f •« I n <¦'•&?>•- I I "would not spend another year like it for a
r • \ ¦ fortune -
-•-"¦-, _ "I appreciate my good health, and give
all the praise to Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound." — Mbs.
M. Tilla, 407 Habersteen St., Savannah, Ga.
Mrs. PinkhaCTt has on file thousands of such letters.
&i r fl fi H FO R FEIT « y« e»BBOt forthwith produce the orijinal letters and signatures of
\ *l 1 1 1 ! 1 1 **>*• testimonials, whica will prore their absolute genuinene**.
U V U U U L j di a K. Pinkham Mod. Co., ty no, Mass.
NEW APVEBTISZMENTS. ' ' , . _ _
NEWBRO'S HERPICIDE
VACATION TIME. Vacation time should bring WILL NOT GROW HAIR. Newbro's Herpicide
rest, recreation and comfort; and comfort of the j s a "Hair-Saver"; it will not grow hair — nature
solid and pleasing variety means no high collar no d this— but by destroying the enemies of hair
stiff hat and no— itching scalp. It is for this last , ,, . .,.,-* - ?-..-. :„?.„,*
discomfort that Newbco's Herpicide becomes a sum- health it enables the hair to grow as nature intend-
mer necessity, as it stops itching of the scalp and ed — except in chronic baldness. Save your hair with
Prickly Heat almost instantly. Take Herpicide with Herpicide. Wonderful results follow its use.
y °cr°A n T - t» u- t\u i • * HOT WEATHER TROUBLES— During hot wea-
. SCALP WARNING. Itching of the scalp is not , " v * "/-
so much a punishment for past neglect as it is a ther the minute sudatory glands of the scalp are
warning for the future. It shows almost conclu; called upon to perform an extra amount of labor,
sively that the vine-like, microbic growth that The perspiration that exudes in increased quantities
causes dandruff, itching scalp and falling hair has must be handled promptly, as it carries out poison-
eniered the sebaceous glands, and unless^ this growth ous and refuse matter that would otherwise clog up
is stopped and kept out of the scalp, baldness will the pores of the scalp. Incomplete elimination | of
follow. £r.~£ refuse matter produces a hot and feverish condition
IT IS CONTAGIOUS. It was Prof. Unna (ask of the scalp, familiarly known as Prickly Heat, for
your doctor about him) who first pointed out that which Herpicide gives immediate relief. Ladies will
Hie true cause of hair loss is a germ or microbe find Herpicide indispensable. It contains no grease,
that lodges in the scalp, where it causes dandruff, will not stain or dye. —It is an exquisite hair dress-
Being of microbic 'origin, the disease is necessarily mg that COOLS, COMFORTS and DELIGHTS.
contagious, but Dr. Sabouraud has recently called hfrpiciDE IS PLEASANT TO I'SC
auemion '° %$8®$S3gg%%% clstam "N-W, H«pidd e .is not cnV JT*T&
,. • 'watchfulness to avoid it. Kill the P>«s«« to use, but it dots »hat you lSjSg»* ;. ¦
mm u^-^^^ iiigtodir s^ r - L HK. jmfc
$WMWk baldness that is prevalent to-day. J Krversioe, Lai. 'Vfc 41\ « X.
Wmmifm I!o further states that "baldness be- PREFERS IT TO ALL OTHERS. f>fc$SOf"
P' ns i° llie young." By this he means "Have used your Hcrpicide on mv !ii/p^^S$m *
r£t/£'«F !"n?^' <l".at the germ that causes the dis- hair and scalp and find it beneficial. '
;£$M*ftN££ ease is Planted in the scalp of young Prefer it to anything I have ever Vf^^gl
r.'flrsSW^ mcu and that someti . mes y ears elapse used." (Signed). B. L. CARPENTER, yK^aS\?|\
before the destruction is complete. Porterville, Cal. • K*vjp*$&&f¥*
V^W^i^S —AT LEADING DRUG STORES OR SENT PREPAID FROM DETROIT, MICH, UPON *J&02i
f * RECEIPT OF $1.00. *
Trug SU ei $1.03. F«nd lOe in ittnpi to TH3 HEBP1CIDI C3-, Datroit, Kirk., ftr najli.
a Keaithy Hair. "Destroy the Cause— You Remove the Effect." An unhealthy Hair.
ADVE&TXSEXENT&
111 Roxbury QRcydJ
j^\l| |^ ' \^r Laid, Lined and Sewed. Enough for one room sold to!
\\*^ each person. Monday only.
We Make'a Specialty of Fnrnl«hin£ Flats Com pie to
Cimm ma A A worth of Furniture and Carpets, $7.50 Cash and $1.50
\ / K.IJU per Week. One Dollar Per Week Opeosaa Account. We
I - I pay freight and carfare. Our terms also apply to Oakland,
I \J • Alameda, Bsrkeky andall the suburbs.
k\j£IJ? \\ (I - iSi ospi Bed Lounge, velouf covering; placed
irjp 3 *^**! (P 1 7 K fof bsd cloth " in boi J * p»
l~<y^ 1 Jf -» I I - I ver ? serviceable: regular *ft I t^
*£^ J^ ipill U 525 value; this w£k.. %$) U
Pro Brussels Ingrain Car- . |iSijp|
pet, sewed, laid and lined, ff^$&f£ Jfe?
35 Cents the Yard WmiF
r
¦with whirling skirts, tink-
l;n£ coin-covered streamers,
Valeidoscor'ic f.prurf as she . V4^f^*VGS5sg\
gyrates rapidly with crace- Vrfe^^SSStf^
ful gestures. You can see Xf-V/ \^v§K^
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Or Southern Pacific Affects. f^^^^CAX.Ii subscriber* contemplating a
cTiftnge of residence during- the summer
mentis can bavo their paper forwarded
by mail to their new address by notify -
Ing THE CALX. Business Office. '.This
paper will also be on sale at all summer
rcscrta a&d la represented by a local
»ff«nt la all towns ob the coast. ,
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THE SUMMER.
SAN JOSE. June 25. — Charles W.
Fischer, a pioneer druggist of this
city, to-day was made defendant in a
divorce suit brought on th^'^rounds
of cruelty and desertion. " Fischer is
worth about $150,000. A restraining
order waa secured to prevent him
from disposing of any of his property.
He l» one of the best-known men .in
the county and is very prominent In
financial and lodge circles.
Makes Allegations of. Cruelty.
Canadian Official Narrowly Escapes
Censure for Infusing Polities Into
Military Affairs.
OTTAWA. Ontario, June 25. — The
House to-day divided on a motion to
censure Sydney Fisher, Minister of
Agriculture, for, the infusion of poli
tics into military affairs on the dis
missal of Lord Dundonald. The vote
was 42 for and Si against censure.
DIVISION OF HOUSE SAVES
MINISTER OF AGRICULTURE
Former Head of Chickasaw Nation
Seriously Hurt in Accident While
Out Riding,
ARDMORE, I. T., June 25.— E. H.
Harris, ex-Governor of the Chickasaw
Nation, was seriously if not fatally
hurt to-day by being thrown from his
horse. He struck against a tree and
has been unconscious for several hours.
Harris. Is one of the best known men
In the Territory.
EX-GOVERNOR HARRIS
IS THROWN* FROM HOUSE
PARIS, June 25. — A dispatch to the
Foreign Office from Constantinople to
day announces that the Sultan signed
an irade yesterday afternoon approv
ing the Porte's decision to make com
plete restitution and redress to the
persecuted Aremenians. The Sultan's
reluctant yielding is believed to be due
to his desire to forestall the interna
tional convention in behalf of Ar
menia, which is announced to assem
ble In London on June 29.
Porte's Decision to Make Com
plete Reparation.
Sultan Signs Irade Approving the
PERSECUTED ARMENIANS
PROMISED RESTITUTION"
ST. LOUIS. Jane 25.-4Presldent
Roosevelt will receive. within the next
few days a protest from World's Fair
officials and others against the pro
posed draping of the Ygorrotes, whose
scanty clothing has caused comment
from visitors to the Philippines* reser
vation at the "World's Fair. Cameron
Forbes of Boston, who was recently
appointed a member of the Philippine
Commission by President Roosevelt
and who is now at the fair, said to-day
that he would write to President
Roosevelt that, after having visited the
exposition with his wife and two young
girls, he was satisfied that there was
nothing objectionable about the man
ner In wffich the natives are clothed.
Will Forward to President a Pro
test Against the Proposed JDrap
• ¦ . Ing ot the -Natives.' ¦ ¦
WORLD'S , FAIR OFFICIALS
LIKE YGORROTES* COSTUME
PARIS, June 25.— The whereabouts of
Kent J. Loomis, brother of Assistant
Secretary of State Frank B. Loomis.
who disappeared shortly, before or after
the arrival of the steamer Kaiser WI1
helm II of the North German Lloyd
line, at Plymouth, June - 20, remains
In the came state of doubt as yester
day. The officials who are conducting
the search for the missing- man say
there Is no.truth In the report publish
ed by a London news agency to the
effect that Loomis turned up here yes
terday. The announcement probably
resulted from confusing the names of
Loomis and W. H. Ellis. The latter
sailed from Marseilles this afternoon
for AJsys sinia.
LONDON, June 25.— The mystery
which surrounds the disappearance of
Kent J. Loomis Is no nearer solution
to-day. Not a solitary clue as to his
whereabouts has resulted from nearly
a week's widespread Investigation. Con
sul General Evans and the Assistant
Consuls have made and are still mak
ing all possible inquiries, but without
the faintest trace of the missing man.
The statement of Gustav Flamm of
San Francisco, a passenger on the
Kaiser "Wllhelm II, that he saw Loomis
at Plymouth Is so far uncorroborated.
The American Consul at that port says
the Board of Trade figures, which pre
sumably tally with the number of pas
sengers who came off the steamer,
show that 158 persons landed, all of
whom gave their names. These tally
with the passenger list and Loomis'
name Is not among them.
At the request of Consul General
Evans the hospitals at Plymouth are
now being searched. Scotland Yard
has the matter in hand and the Eng
lish papers, especially the local papers
at Plymouth, continue to give prom
inence to Loomis,' disappearance, so If
Loomis Is in England and In possession
of his faculties, he could scarcely fall
to know he is being looked foT. The
authorities here are unable to form
even a conjectural explanation of
Loomis' disappearance. The theory
that Loomis fell overboard finds no
support and the suggestion that he
may have unintentionally disembarked
at Plymouth is now regarded as quite
out of the question. t
Officials Conducting the
Search Announce Inability
to Find Trace of Traveler
HUMORS PROVED FALSE
3Iystery Surrounding Disap
pearance of American Dip
lomat ~ Eemains Unsolved
KENT LOOMIS
STILL MISSING
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL,< SUNDAY. JUNEV.2G, 10Q4;
31
Grand * yuuLajuuuLg Band
Elcctricalg 3 Concerts
Display j: Wp w 3 Daily
o 0 0 0 0 4 CO , o 0 0 O 0 0 0)°
ISantaCruzi
«*jlsjuulaa Finest AJUUUUU*
Kunje. Surf g 3 ««««*
Baths jo On the o Roof Gardens
Dancing £ Coast « Summer
Boating and ]o e< Theatricals
Fint Salmon jo Some- 3 V«u devil !e
(Fbhinj g thhig S' Sp»eUIU»
Uvely Drives g Dofalfl B ¦ * •*
j A'onj the jo it 4 v o| Special Rates
Coast and % I J»» IC «! via S. P. Ry
Through the J«» IHuC ©| During the
Redwoods TTmnnrgySTfo* EnW^< Season
CAZADERO
Tha O«m of All Worthem. Ketreats.
Ororft, roregt. Glide and D«XL
Crert, Oaayoa, HU1 and Sal*.
Knoll, Xaob, Peai aad Monntaln.
Tb« home of the trout and the haunt of the
deer. Reached over the North Shore Ry.. via
Sausallto Ferry.
A year ago I leased this resort tor a num.
ber of years. To-day I hare the pleasure to
tell you that, owing to last season's big and
unprecedented partonage, 1 have purchased this
magnificent domain of over 1200 acres. A thor-
ough renovation bas been made of all the prop-
erties. Insuring the best of service and ac-
commodation. In the matter of recreation
a new building containing a bowling alley bas
beea added, also a new tennis court, and boat-
Ing and bathing on the river, all free to guests.
Free camping grounds in the Cazadero giant
redwoods from May until October, but sani-
tary rules must be complied with.
Lots, one-quarter acre, for sale, from $100
up. and cottages built to suit at city figures.
Take Sausallto Ferry via North Shore Rail-
road. Round 'trip good for six months. $3 78.
Round trip. Friday till Monday. 13; no stag-
Ing: depot on the ground. Fare at hotel or cot-
tages. $2 per day: $10 to $14 per week; special
rate by the month.
For particulars other than herein given writ*
J. J. THIRION. ower and manager. Hotel del
Cazadero. Sonoma Co.. Cal.. or North Shore
K. R. office. 620 Market St.. San Francisco.
WHY NOT SPEND YOUR
SUMMER AT HOTEL DEL
MONTE? NEW MANAGE-
MENT-GOLF, GLASS-
BOTTOMED BOATS, SUBf
AND POOL BATHING,
OILED ROADS. SPECIAL
TERMS TO FAMILIES.
GEO. P.SNELL, MANAGER.
DR. O. O. O'DOlTOTHnLiT-j'S
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, ptcnlc and pleasure re-
sort on the coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh in the world: 46
miles from 6. F. The S. P. R. R. and S. F.
& N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers;
30 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap:
no fogs nor poison oak at the park; mineral
water, boats, bathing and fishing free. Meals
served at Hotel Riverside at reasonable rates.
Inquire of DR. C. C O'DONNELL. office
1021V. Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh, Sao
Francisco.
LYTTON SPRINGS
New management; no staging; depot on
grounds: phone: fare $2 40; Tlburon ferry:
rates $10 to $15 week: table first class; our
own dairy: hot mineral baths; swimming tank;
livery; billiards;. croquet. Booklet Peck's Bu-
reau. 11- Mortgomcry St.. or BARKER Sk
ROSS, Lytton Springs. Sonoma County, Cal.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
Open June 1, new hotel ; large dining-room,
telephone, hunting, fishing, swimming. bowl-
Ing, dancing. Get booklet Information Bureau.
30 Montgomery st. DR. V7. A. McCORNACK.
proprietor. j ' -
LAKE TAHOE RAILWAY AND
, TRANSPORTATION CO.
Connects at Truckee with train leaving 8. V.
at 8:05 p. m. Returning. ' connects at Truckee
with train reaching S. F. at 7:50 a. m.
THE TALLAC," 1 !^ 01 *
Cafe European. Nurses, maids and children.
American plan. Prices now as low as any ho-
tel on lake. Service, accommodations, boating
and livery superior to any. i
M. LAWRENCE A CO.
BROQ-K-WA Y
Lake Tahoe.' "
OPEHS JD3E 1st.
Write FRANK B. ALVERSON. Ugr..
- ; Brockway. Cal.
RUBICON FASX — A delightful resort
on shores ot Lake Tahoe. ' Beat sandy beach
for bathing on the lake. Fine fly fishing and
hunting In season. Boats, fishing tackle and
hones at moderat? hire. Rates $2 a day or
from $10 to J16 per week. P. O. and telephone.
A. L.. FROST. Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe. CaL
> XkAXB 8K0BS HOUSE — Glenbrook.
Nev. Cottage* to rent $3 up. Ist-class board, milk
and crjsm. fresh vegetables. D. COUILLARD.
11E£D PiDlf IV K and cottages; 6 miles from
DECK I Ann I ml Lake Taho#; open June 1;
elevation 6507 feet: mineral springs. Booklet
Travelers' Office. 30 Montgomery st.
¦ . -- J. B. SCOTT. Deer Park. CaL
WHITNEY HOUSE,
Truckee. Cak Tb« leaalns hotel. Headquar-
! ters for tourists and commercial men. Summer
I and winter resort. Meal station for passen-
gers. Stage for Lakes Independence and Web-
ber, Camobrll Hot Springs and Slerra»lll«.
STEWART M:KAT. proprietor.
INDEPEND5NCE LAKE.
Fishing; boats; excellent table; climate per-
feet: Itt miles from Truckee. In an unbroken
forest.' For information inquire- at Traveler
office. 30 Mcntcomery St.. Peck's Information
Bureau, or Mrs. H. M. Clemons. Truckee. Cal.
TRIICKFF Rzttb
SUMMER RESORT. SPORTSMEN'S LODGE.
Fourth season. - Sierra attractions. California's*
largest rainbow hatch«-ry. i Finest fishing G.
H. FOULKS. Verdi. Nev.. or Nevada block.
San Francisco. - . . .
CAtlPBELIi HOT E7BE&TGS.
In SUrra : Nevatla Mountain*. Surra <Jounty,
r>uCU re«t elevation. Are beautltully located
at the head of the great Siena 'Valley. 3u
mite* long by ft mites w.de. »urrua&iHn< wnica
is the irreiU primeval re re si or pine and fir A
specialty In made of the table. ; Th* hot spring*
art- utu-qualed for the cure of . rntumasism,
gout, liver and kidney. compUlnts and all bloo.i
and skin diseases. ; Rates for room and board
$11 to $12 per week. Round trip from San
Francisco to springs via Boca. $14 SO. Stage
dally except Sunday, connecting with 6 p. m.
train . from - San Francisco,
Spripgs
Hai Mora DlatlaotiTw Points That Ap-
peal to Those Oolnf to the Country
Than Any Other Baaort.
THE VARIETY AND EXCELLENCE
OP THE BATHS AND MINERAL,
WATERS; the many amusements —
dancing, swlmmlngr. tennis, bowllnf. cro-
quet, shuffleboard, etc; a fine three-piee«
orchestra: the shady grounds: electric
lights; good table; plastered rooms;
dairy;, livery stable, etc, prove thla.
Terms, $10.00 up.
For booklet and rates address
H. R. DUFFIN, 638 Market St.,
or CRAIG KERR,
Highland Spring:*, LaJte Co, Cal.
I Spend Your Vacation
for $2O at
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Springs SanLu &r po
The most Ideal resort for pleasure and
health on the Paclfie Coast. Buy round
trip ticket from Saa Francisco to San
Luis Hot Sulphur Springs, San t>uls
Obispo. Cal.. and return, including stage
to and from springs and one week's
board for *.20.OO to $22.00, according
to location of rooms, or board and accom-
modations $f>.<K> to * 12.00 per week.
Scenic surroundings. free bathing,
boating and fishing on grounds. Fine
* hady walks, tennis and. croquet grounds,
dance pavilion - for guests. Fine sea
beach one mile fr%n Hot Sulphur Springs.
Cottages and furniture are all new. Gas
throughout buildings and grounds. Our
table is well supplied with the best the
market affords. Our stage meets trains
arriving at San Luis Oblipo at 3:13 p. m.
every day (except Sunday).
This is no hospital or sanatorium.
SEIGLER
HOT SPRINGS
Why is It so immensely popular? Because
of its many wonderful facilities for health and
pleasure. Our Natural Steam aad Plunge Baths
and stomach waters are a positive cure for
Rheumatism. Malaria. Bladder. Liver. Kidney
and all Stomach Troubles. Arsenic Beauty
Baths Swimming. Paid Orchestra. Dancing
every evening. Dairy. Children's Play Grounds.
Electric Lights; |10 to $12 per week. Baths
and amusements free. Booklets Peck's. 11
Montgomery st.. S. P. Co.. 613 Market, or
H H. McGOWAN. Seigler. Lake County.
Fare reduced to *0 round trip. ¦
PARMSO SPRINGS
Monterey County, Cal.
The most popular sanitary and health
resort In California. Completely renovated
and Improved. No winds or fogs, and sur-
passingly grand mountain and valley seen.
try. Hot soda and sulphur baths, large
swimming tank and excellent table. Write
for booklet and particulars to T. W.
SCHROEDER, Manager, or PECK'S IN-
FORMATION BUREAU, 11 Montgomery st.
HOTEL ROWARDENN AN
"IN THfi MOUNTAINS BT THE SEA."
BEN LOMOND — Santa Crux County.
REGULAR SEASON.
* Opened May 15 under entirely new man-
agement. Round trip trickets from San Fran-
cltco $3 For booklet apply Peck's Bureau.
'11 Montgomery «U. S. F.. or to WILLIAM O.
DODGE. Lesaee^
Harbin Springs
Most desirable in Lake Co.: contains sulphur.
Iron, magnesia and arsenic; wonderful cures of
rhtumatlsm. catarrh, kidney, liver and stomach
troubles: new gymnasium, bowling alley, hand-
ball court and blUUrd-room. Acetylene, gas
plant II very, home dairy, tine vegetable garden
Rcund trip tickets. S. P. office. $7. J. A.
HAYS, Proprietor.
CAMP VACATION.
Hotel under canvas on the Russian River
below Ouernevllle In a grove a mile and a halt
long, skirting the river: tennis courts; 4o new
boats; will build a dam In the river; 4 mites
of smooth water for boating and . bathing.
Adults $2 per day. 910 per week; children
under 10 half rates. Special rates for fam-
ilies. Opens May 1. Address MRS. L. C. CNO-
FIUS, Cirid Vacation. "Vacation" P. O.. So-
noma County, Ca.1.
KLAMATH SPRINGS/
Urswlck. HI»ktyr,u County, California.
Write to. EDSON BROS, for Booklet.''.'
Saratoga Springs.
15 different mineral springs. Information at
Peck's Bureau. II Montgomery st.. or at 1.
MARTENS. Bachelor P. O., Lake Co., Cat. t
_ _ i ___. . a Menlo Park, one hour from
IliilTTf O clt V- Nine trains dally. *Vr-
Hlil I \ trct climate; beautiful pUc«;
II UI I I W comfort and quiet; excellent
table. ,
Addrem W.J.MEREDITH. Mgr.. Holtfs School.
. SOLID COMFORT HOME j
. Extensively Improved; law feet altitude: no
fog; climate delightful; large orchard; vegetabi*
garden; hot. cold baths; spring water: cement
swimming tank. 40jc.ii>. Rates pi week up; stag*
meets train. Schuler & £cneben. Napa. CaL
Y JOHANMSBERG.
New hotel; modern conveniences: -large, airy '
dining-room; hunting, nshlng. swimming. boat-
Ing; $10 and »12 per week. THEO. BLANCK- ;
EN'BL'RQ JR.. .Prop.. Oakvllle, Napa Co.. or
INFORMATION BUREAU. 30 Montgomery st.
Hf^AyuSSSsj ¦ Awnlajr*. Hammocks,
e£soac22£Si w. a. PLxxaocsa.
. Tel. Main Uu. Ill Clay at.
DCD nCHEIH - Delightfully situated 10 the
DLUUJllCl.il Santa Cruz Redwoods. Rates
97 and IS per Week. For particulars address G.
V. BlEDENWEG. R. D. 121. Santa Crux. CaL
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
Bartlett does not claim to be a
cure-all, but at least 90 per cent of
the people who vialt Bartlett Springs
have been cured or greatly benefited.
_lr you would enjoy a vacation In
the midst of healtb and pleasure,
come to
BARTLETT SPRINGS,
Drink of Its life-giving; waters.
; breathe the pure mountain air, and
find enjoyment In music, dancing,
bowling, swimming:, riding, driving,
fishing, hunting, playing croquet,
lawn tennis, shuffleboard, etc.
i Housekeeping cottages, J3.00 to
J6.00 per week.
i Write J. E. McMAHAN, Bartlett
Springs. Cal.. or call at 2 Sutter
Street, San Francisco.
The cottages are clean
and the beds soft and
fresh at
AETNA SPRINGS
Every room is in charge
of a competent maid, who
is responsible for its con-
dition. Just send for book-
let. Aetna Springs Co.,'
Napa County, CaL
Santa Gatalina Island
3H Hours From Los Angeles. Season 19<H.
Oar Famous Marine Band.
¦~"-~ ————— — — —
: Hunting mountain goat, sailing, bathing.
) golf, tennis and tbs finest fishing oa tba
coast.
i Camp Life a Special Feature.
Hundreds -of furnished tents at reason-
able rates.
| Hotel Metrosole,
I Modern in all particulars.
For further information address
PECK'S INFORMATION BUREAU, 11
Montgomery st.. or BANNING CO.. 322 S.
Spring st.. Los Angeles.
THE NEW HOTEL AT
ADAMS
IS FINISHED.
Every one knows that Adams water cures
stomach, liver and kidney diseases.
WHY EXPERIMENT?
! For further particulars write to W. R, Pra-
THER.
LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland of America.
THE ROBSON ORCHESTRA COMPANY
end DR. MONROE CALLENDER will furnish
the best music ever played at any resort In
the State. Boating, swimming, marine tobog-
gan, mineral springs, new livery. EDGAR
IjURNAN. owner and proprietor. Laurel Dell
P. O.. Lake County. Cal.
MARK WEST
j* *«.W«IXB ?? SPR ] N6S
' MRS. J. D. DROST and MRS. H. KOENER
| will manage the springs; many Improvements;
'new cement bathhouse and gas all over place;
$2 day: f 10 and $12 week. Office. 833 Larkln
i st.. cor. Geary, or Mark West Springs. Santa
\ Rosa. Rural No. 6.
nil n Oil Hot SPri"**: on line South.
1 1 V I I 1 I HI * rn 2V4 hours from
K I K I I Ifl S * n Fnncl *co- > trains
II I 111 I*"" luxurious mineral
U I I I U I 1 and mu d baths; hotel
unique in cuisine service
sod appointments. Information at 8. P. Co.
Bureau. (il3 Market tt.. Peck's Bureau. 11
Montgomery St.. or H. R, WARNER. Byron
Hot Springs. Cal
SODA BAY SPRINGS
situated on Clear Lake. Hunting, flshlag,
boating, launch, horses, tennis, croquet, dark-
room, warm soda geyser in bathhouse, club-
house, etc. Increased accommodations, modera
conveniences. Scenery unsurpassed Table *>
Fprclalty. Rates per week. $10 to $18. Photos
and Information at Chatfleld tt Vlnzent's. 228
Montgomery St.. or LEE D. CRAIO. Manager.
Soda Bay. Kelseyvill« P. O.. Lake Co.. CaX
THE ANCHORAGE,
Beautifully situated among the redwoods, sum-
mit Santa Cruz Mountains; private boarding;
new rustic cottages for housekeeping. For full
particulars address The Anchorage, Wrights,
Santa Clara Countv, Cal.
HOTEL BEN LOMOND,
Santa Cru Monatalai.
Now open. For booklet apply to Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery, or 8. P. Cc, 613 Market. . B.
DICKINSON. Prop.. Ben Lomond. Cal.
HO FOa CAMP MEEKER! HEW ENGLAND E0X1I
Located in a beautiful grove close to the
lake; fine playground for the children: awlngs,
croquet, bowling and tennis, boating and bath-
ing, pavilions with pianos. . fresh fruits in
plenty. Board and lodging, only $6 to $7 er
week. Address GEORGE HARISON, Camp
Meeker. Sonoma County. \
PARK HOUSE, Ben Lomond, CaL
Under new. management. Up to date. Beau-
1 tlful grounds. Running stream and pond with
good fishing. Playgrounds for children. Free
carriage meets all trains. 3. D. CELLA. Mgr.
LA HONDA AND P3SCADER0
¦ Buy your railroad ticket to Redwood City; 0
a. m train. 3d and Townsend. and 9:20 a. m.
train' from Ban Jose connect with stages direct
Address WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City.
Cal. ¦¦ -
H. 8. E. B. TOCAI~O;VIA\ Haria 0».
Bertrand Hotel: fint. class accommodations.'
special rate* for families and parties; firhing.
hunting, boating, bathing; beautiful drives to
Bear Valley: telephone. JOSEPH F. HER.
TRAND. or Bullrtla Office, every Thursday. , 1
to 4 n. m. ¦'¦¦-.-
CALITOSNIA BEDWOOD TAXX (Big
Basin) — Union Mill Camp and Tavern. S miles
ficm Boulder Creek R. R. station. Dally stage.
Family table. Furnished cabins; camping
grounds: $3 and (10 per, week. Under the giant
redwoods; perfect climate; grand * scenery,
i -6EPP" GltAHAMER. Boulder Creek. CaL
Tuscan
Mineral Springe.
OFEIT STEBY BAT XV THE TBAS.
¦ TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN: A year awj
three months ago J waa attacked with th«t
terrible disease, locomotor ataxia. Power. t»
balance, stand, or even sit down, entirely lost.
Two beat doctors of San Francisco and Hot
Springs, Ark., failed to help me. My stom-
ach, bowels and kidneys failed to work. I bad
catarrh of stomach head and bladder aa a re-
sult of the dlseaae; theee- trouble* beeanw
chronic. At times my heart would beat Ilk* •
drum, my eyes grew weak, my memory bad.
my nerves wrecked. Three months ago I weat
to Tuscan Springs. What happened atace wu
a pleasant surprise to me. Drank the waters. '
took the baths— after three weeks' treatment I
•tomach. bowels, bladder and kidneys la per-
fect condition, eyesight perfect. Berroosnes* -
gone, memory good. After three months* treat- •
ment, walked without a cane, with eyes closad .
and up and down steep hills; am cured of this
dread disease, now walk with slight limp, j
Have run stores In seventeen towns of the
State of California; am well known la down-
t*>wn districts of Ban Francisco; inquiry ther»
will prove truth of my helpless condition tar*»
months ago. Further Information, addresw
LOUI3 JACOBS. « Stockton St.. Saa Francisco.
We have hundred* of testimonials from
others. Send 30c la stamps for bottle of
stomach and catarrh Salts. Round- trip tickets
at reduced rates. Southern Pacific.
TUSCAN MINERAL SPRINGS CORP.,
Tuscan, C«K
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN R'Y
ihX PICTuTtlgQin BOOT* OF CAIITQMCU
ROUND TRIP TICKETS
FOR. THE
FOURTH OF* JULY
Will be sold from SAN FRAJICISCO to th«
Points Named
AT GBEATI.T REDUCED BATES. M
rollowi :
PEIDAT SATTtDTr STJHDAT MOSOAY
TOTmT 1. JULY 3. JUHT 3. JUI.T 4.
Round Trip. Round Trip.
Brickyard $ .75 Healdaburg $3.4O
Millers "SXytton 3.6O
St. Vincent 73 Oeysenrille 3.83
Ignacio 90 Preston 5.0W
Novato l.OS'Fmintain 5.00
Burdell 1.20jHop!and 5.0O
Petaluma 1.50 Ukiah 5.UO
Penn Orore .1.50'calpella 5.3O
Cotati l.aolRedwood Valley... 8.*»
, Santa Rosa Z.OOJLaughlin 6.0f>
Sebastopol 2.40 Ridgewood «.CO
Fulton 2.S0 Willlts C.0O
Windsor 2.J»!Sherwood S.0O
B£TUSS TiTMTT, TUESDAY, JUXT 5.
19O4. '
FOR THE SUMMER SEASON— EDSdal fiats
Round Trip, i Round Trip.
Cloverdale $5.003onoma $1.50
Preston 5.20 Verano l.to
Echo 3.50Boyes 1.65
, Cummiskey ...... 5. 70 Agua Caliente ... 1.65
; Pleta ..'6.20 Watrtss ....1.63
Fountain 6.20iXadrene ......... 1.65
Hopland t-BOiEldrldtre *.... 1.75
Largo » T.OOiGlen Ellen 1.8O
El Robles '.SOMeacham 2.SO
Cklah S.0O Olivet S.SO
Calpella 8.60 Trenton ,2.60
Redwood Valley... 8.S0Forestviire 2.3O
Laughlln 900 Mirabel Park 2.5O
Ridgewood 10.00 Green Vgller .... 2.50
Wlllits 10.0O:Hllton 2.50
Sherwood 12.00(Korbel 2.5O
Schellvllle 1"5 Guerneville 2.3O
Vineyard 1.35'Camp Vacation .. 2.50
Buena Vista 1.45J i
BETTJRK LIMIT. 8EFTE3IBEB 30. 1904.
TAKE BOAT AT TZBVBOH IEBKY.
Ticket Office. 650 Market st. < Chronlcl*
building), and Tiburon Ferry, foot of Market
st. General Office.' Mutual Life Building. San-
some and California sts., San Francisco.
JA8 L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
LAKE COUNTY
New. comfortable carriages direct to fie
most picturesque portion of California. Beat
equipped stage line In the State. Leaves Calls-
toga dally- (Sundays ezcepted) at 11 :30 a. ex.
direct to Harbin. Selgler. Adams. Howard. An-
derson. Hobergs. Spiers. Astorgs and Glen-
brook- half hour for lunch at Callstoga; also ts>
Mlddletowa. Lower Lake. KelseyvUle aad
Lakeport. Livery in connection.
WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE — Hooland to Bartlett Springs.
via Lakeport, carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with
trains at Hotrtand. Leave HopUnd at 13:30:
arrive at Lakeoort at 3:30: arrive at Bartlett
Springs at 7:3a New «• horse l*-passengsr
tourist wagons, with all the most modern im-
provement*. Passengers for Lakeport or Bart-
lett Springs, call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stage Line. Tickets can be purchased at offlo*
of California N. W. Ry.. 630 Market sl» or
at Tlburon ferry. ¦
MILLER & HOWARD. Props.
WHITE STOPHTJJt SPOILT O 3, TaUsJ*,
Cal —Most accessible springs to San Francisco:
round trip $1. so stage fare; only 3% boors'
ride: 5 miles from Vallejo: hot. cold and,
plunge sulphur baths: wonderful cures' of riurj- ¦
matlsm. neuralKia. eczema, kidney liver and
stomach diseases. Beautiful grounds and lak*
for boatlwr and bathing. Dancing pavilion.
New bowline alley and shuffle board. Rate*.
$10 a week. Including baths. Address MAN-
UEL MADRID. Vallejo. CaL
OWIT In mountains CAM?
SUMMER HOME of Sonoma Co. MSEXXS
Pure water, equable ctltrtato. lots selling $10
up- cottages built by Meeker. 150 up; depot:
stores; restaurant; hotel: post and express;
telephone; sawmill; 90O lots sold: 300 cottafe*
built Sausallto ferry. N. S, B. R. M. C.
MEEKER. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
inrOSSXV PAXZ, Ouerne-rllla.
A resort for your family. Partly furnished
'' cottages. $12 per month and up. Tents ma*
ptatforma. Near Russian Rtrer. Board aad
room at $7 60 per week. See PECK'S. 11
Montgomery st.
OBASTO CmVTBAXi KOTU* Ouerne-
vlll© Cal. — New management: thoroughly re-
fitted and improved. Headquarters for hunter*
and fishers. Rates $8 and $10 a week. Ad-
dress F. PLATH. Gnerneville. CaL
OCCIDENTAL SOTSX, XATWAXSS,
First-class resort; tennis, croquet, bowling,
amusement halL etc 8pecial rate* to families.
Terms reasonable. A. OaCDARD. Prop., phone
Black 141. ¦
ILLOW RANCH, denghtfully located la
redwoeds 5 miles from Santa Crux. Spring
water irult. milk, excellent table; dally mail;
fr<>r conveyance: $7 week: phone Suburban 37.
MR3. W. CRANDELL. SanU Cru*. CaL
SCHAErES'3 QSOYE — BOSS VaT.T.XT.,
l-rlvate boarding: terms reasonable. Team
meets Sunday morning trains. Address MR*.
: MATT LINDSAY. Ross Station.
KIVEKSHJE HOTSL aad COTTAOXS
Near beach; 30 acres beautiful grounds; »p—
eial rates to families: writs for boo it let. F.
BARSON. Proprtetor. SanU Crux. >
BILUiVUE SOTXZh HI Vsrana. So>
' mm* Co.. Cal Terms. $1 day and up; hot
mineral springs ne«r by. Long distance ¦ tel«-
phon.; daily mal!. JOHN SERRS3. Proprietor.
COtnsmtT BOABD— Orchard, garden,
poultry, cows, comfortable home. Address
MANZANA FARM. Redwood City.
DE LA ROZA resort. Santa Cru* Mountains;
cottages and tentu for li*ht housekeeping or
camping.^A.- J. GIBES. Mgr.. Glbbs. Cal..
WEffifdLL
.
i6Pa^es. §lpcpYeaP
THE GIISERS
Tli* Mo tt Pamoni Healtb an<S VXwurox*
Besort la California,.
THE CLJMATK AND bCEXKKY are unsur-
passed and the waters are acknowledged the
best on the market. Natural mineral, steam
and Hammam baths. Swimming lake of tepid
mineral water. Boating, hunting, fishing. '
dancing, shuffle-board, billiards and croquet.
THE HOTEL AND COTTAGES have been
renovated throughout, and new cottage* and a
fine pavilion built this ytar.
There will be a fully equipped dairy and liv-
ery stable in connection with the hotel. The
hotel, cottages, bath houses and grounds are
lighted by electricity.
The hottl will be supplied with the best the
market affords. Rates, $10. $12. $14 and (IS
per week. For further particulars and booklet
write R. H. CURRY. Prop. The Geysers. .
Sonoma County, California.-
AguaOaliente
Springs
We hare added many NEW attractions to
this beautiful and romantic spot; open all the
year round; the nearest Hot Sulphur Springs to
San Francisco, temperature 113 degrees; no
staging; fare $1 10: sure cure for rheumatism,
avtbma and all kindred ailments. We have five
different Hot Sulphur 8prlngi; tub and plunge
baths and the largest mineral water swimming
tank in the State. Table and rooms are first
class. Rates $2 per day. $12 to. $14 per week.
Eptclal rates to families and half rates to chil-
dren. Inquire at Peck's, 11 Montgomery st.,
or address' THEO. RICHARDS. Agua Caltente
Springs. Sonoma County, California.
We have erected a stone building, modern
dining-room: can seat 400 guests. - '
IgilroyL
[hot springs]
For health and pleasure. Reno-
vated and improved. Water
unsurpassed for rheumatism,
kidney, liver and stomach trou-
ble. Trained masseur. Long
distance phone. Trains from
Third and Townsend at 9
a. m. and 3 :3o p. m. Write for
pamphlets. ¦:'¦.¦ ,
R. ROBERTSON.;
™^«Sa*n Jose {pj>
f Situated In Vendome Park of 12/
\ acres, a charming summer resort; ••
'• r ' both city and country advantages; W
' ' automobile garage on the grounds fc*
free to guests. Bathing pavilion. If
bowling alleys, tennis, etc. New au- If
, to road map of the county mailed «
J on application. - \
yfj^ J- T. BROOKS. Manager. \
O If A i~*f* O HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
On/iULfU COUNTY; only 4% hours
from San Francisco and
™" ¦¦¦——¦ — but 9 miles Maglng; wa-
ters noted for medicinal' virtues; best natural
hot mineral water bath In State; boating and
swimming in Warm Spring Creek; good trout
streams; telephone, telegraph, dally mall, ex-
press and San Francisco morning and evening
pacers: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE
SERVICE; both morning and afternoon stages,
round trip from San Francisco only $5 50. Take
Tlburon ferry daily at 7:S0 a. m. or 2:30 p m.
Rates $2 a day or $12 a week. References, any
r>eet of* the past nine years. Patronage of
1803 unprecedented. Information at Tourist In-
formation Bureau, 11 Montgomery at., or of
J. F. MULOREW. 8kaggs. Cal.
«¦«¦•••»•««•»»*.«»»«,, ,
j CAMP CURRY
i > Get circulars at all railroad offices. |
f Advertised by 4000 guests. i
| YOSEMITE
BI_.TJrEJ
Ideal summer resort; hunting, boating, fish-
ing. Music every evening. Send for pamphlet.
O. WEISMAN. MIdUke P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal..
or call on Dr. Happersberger, 1104 Market. S. T.
Hotel EL GARMELO
Pacific Grove. California. "The L'ttle Del
Monte." At the seaf.de -with home comforts.
The otace to snend your vacation wl'h your
fair.Hy. Surf ¦ bathing and fishing:. Rates
with board $2 50 a day upward, cheaper than
staying home. Send for Illustrated pamphlet.
Address GEO. H. CORDT, Manager.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM!
Not a hospital: best equipped on Coast; mou-
ern Improvements; large treatment rooms;
Ideal location; 5Vi acres; One block from street
cars; wrlte'for literature. San.Jose, Cal. ¦
VICHY SPRINGS
Three miles from .Uklab. Mendocino County.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths.
Lovely grounds; fishing and hunting: crystal
spring; accommodations and table first class.
• J, A. REDEMEYER. Proprietor.
DUNCAN SPRINGS
OPEN May 18. Two miles from HopUnd.
Fine medicinal waters. Hard finished hotel
Excellent table. . Rates $10 to $12 per week. .
Napa Soda Springs;
The famous mountain health . and pleasure
resort is now open for the patronage of the
public Address ... -'. •; JOHN • JACOBS.
tuxedo;;h6tel. .'
Extensively Improved since last season.
Opened April 1. THO8. L. BELL. Mgr.- Felton,
CaL Buy - tlckeu . to Tuxedo, narrow-gauge,
foot of Market street. Round -trio. X3.00.
AD VEBTLSEMEUTS. ' •- - -
WOMAN'S BREAST
vwnrnw
AcytcKor.Iamp.or tore on the lip, fact
or anywhere six months It nearly
always Cancer. They never pain
until almost pot eortt •
Two Pbjsichfls Offer $1800 if Thej
Fall to Cure Any Single Cancer
Withoat KNIFE OR PAIN at HALF PRICE
for SO da vs. '
Not a dollar need be paid until cured.
An Iilasd ehmb «r plant cakes the cures
tht iaost woaderfiJ discovery on earth to-day.
Best book oa cancers ever printed aent free
with teslinociels of thensaads cared whom
, ¦ yon can see. A
10*"^^. jf** st*^^ email lamp la the
V B AT O^. breast ¦will polMn
.^. H& Him fW %T\. elaiMls In the arm-
Nj jaSfaifSirak^W' p 11 - w ner* cur* is
'i**VP\, impossible
&* m^T 1 -' HSBgHBHsm J*°a <lea>lh certain.
c yfrtAr fyirSr Tgsy la thin y yars w»
I I r"^5[ijLX'l »STi h*r« nirrd more
1 I \ I nnwn than any
* \J j o -=¦ ¦¦ •* . 5j» 1 otter doctor* living.
.^^iiSsSSStiiSF 1 No X-Reyor other
& swindle.
#^_^^"^ i{ Ns<% Ab»olnt« fnsi>
H S 'a^_Jant*''. 13O-pajr»
book nent Free.
• Address:
OR. & MRS. DR. CHAMLEY & CO.
"STRICTLY RELIABLE."
Offices 23 & 25 Third SL, San Francisco
BEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCEB. :
Makes Men
Vigorous
Valuable Prescription by Which Any
Man Can Make His Cwn Remedy
to Cure Himself at Home Sent
Free to All Writs for tt.
WILL MAKE A MAN OF YOU.
Tor the return nf that youthful feeling of
fcar.fcoo4 a prominent Detroit physician and
aavant is In possession of a receipt which be
!•» s 3^j85s^jKiSssyiBj
has himaelf used !n fcis o»-n extensive private
; r* •• - with the most ctartllne success.
.- ¦ - t •. tlx years have passed, its e<;ual has
* • ¦ been four.d and with it thousands of
weak men have broueht about the curea they
*u murh lontred fcr. The doctor wiiling-iy
(¦•>¦- the formula entirely free to any man
- ho mrites :..::. for tt. and they xrlll find it
a i.-.- : cf laEtins value. It is pood for sex-
ual »e£icness, lost manhood, nervousness.
- «ea.k b&ck. emlssicns, varicoceie. lack of
force. ; r'-rat :c trouble, r.lpht sweats, inabil-
ity and .ttie raany other embarrassing condi-
tions that befall the sexually Imperfect man.
It creates an inunedla.te aortal feeling, warmth
anl gooi nature, forces active blood to the
muscular tissue. icr,»> the n<rr;us system and
l-. ..-• ! : ';- ¦ .r.f.ic: f. It trakes the mas
of • .', as gocxl as at 35. and the young- man
again caper fcr society and fit for marriage
;.:.: parenthood. Satisfactory results are pro-
duced in a day's uFe. and a perfect cure in a
few v.^fcn regardless of age. or the cause of
yuur condition.
If ycu need mch a rem«><!y eend your name
and sJdres* to-day to the I>r. Knapp Med. Co..
lil* Hull Bid*.. Detroit. Mich., and in an un-
marked envelope the doctor will at once send
Sou the receipt, as promised, explaining In de-
tail what ingredients to use and how to com-
pound them so that any weak man can cure
himself In hie own home without being under
obligation? to any cne. It coets you nothing
'and the sooner you write the eoocer you will
be cured.
ONLY THIS WEEK I M
GREAT UNRESERVED W
AUCTION |i
OF RARE ANTIQUE |1
PERSIAN RUGS
Monday, June 27 R
DA1LT ALL WEEK at 2:30 P. M. R
OK ACCOUNT or DEPARTURE W
My entire famous co'lectlon will be w
¦oid out to raise ensn for my annual B
oollectinc trip. The greatest oppor- B
tunlty erer offered to buy fine Persian H
I'.ur? at nominal prices. r|
WIHRAN'Sl
\ 20SPOSTST. |
3%tiS9cu£aAiwm)
4 CO PcrTcct Fitting f^Y i
£> tyeglassss Qh
j « Morerate Cos! (\
:
(jviciT DR. JORDAN'S catt-rdl
pQBSEUB OF fiSATOBYr'
\ Z'» Tk« L»rc~.« A»ittiinl Un<n Ir e»i» \ ,
f\ iS'ii_ "¦'¦"' a y***kt.e**m «t ji,> enatractrd A
A aWPl C?. JCEDAK-D'SEASES OF WEH A
¦ ?(^^5m C«r»i.!t»ti»« (rrt «r.<J **nri'.j frr'ntt. *
A I Jifcjrll Trmr.txcr.t |»ri«ul'|r of by If.let. A Q
Y u 7 nil A«Mf On u miy cut aaimikni, T
A*'! I' ft <VTtKr°r»»k.raiLe«opaT*rA
V * '[ '\ ' a»»ni»«.ii, MAtvaa raaa. uf
\ /I ]L wuil *r oeclt tor mrr.) j k
0 DB IOCP&S AfO^lOJl M«rk»tHt.aF. Y
Prescription? 34,408 and 7.
GtrAEAirrrrD cttkz: ros kes.
EAEMLISS XZTJECTZOir. Cures ordinary
cases in * few days. Warranted to euro
worst c&sex. HO OTHER TXXATKS3TC
S£QV2SZ:S. Prevent* and Cures Strtc-
tares- FBEVilKTS COSTAGIOB. Harm-
less. S2.00 tor both bottles. For sale only
r. 3. XELLTS PSaSKACT, 102 Eddy.
Weelly Gal $1.00 DerYearThe diplomatic representatives of France -and Ger
many were stoned by the Palace Guards at. Port aa
Prince the other day and now it 'looks: as if Hayti is to
have a jtaste of discipline that will -make .'one of her
revolutions seem as a summer: recreation in comparison.
A pruning of the, Palace Guards -by French and German
bullets*, would J probably be accepted even by Hayti as
Vri; unmixed blessing. •/<
Now is the time when the corporation, - rising in in- .
dignant strength, protests against the Assessor and
pleads poverty 'no human eye «an see.' If- our corpora- I
tion' friends were as ready to serve the public, commen
surately with the vast privileges they enjoy,. as they are
eager to resist payment of their just obligations to the
municipality, the) golden age of fair dealing among men
would have returned.
Townsiends California Glace fruits la
artistic Ore-etched boxes. 715 Market St.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and. public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen™ )?2&c*£
Ifornla street. Telephone Iklain iou, «
The Tageblatt has a rather pretty
story of the German Emperor and pic
ture postcards. On his Mediterranean
cruise he was accompanied by his old
gymnastic instructor, but before the
instructor's departure his daughter had
made him promise to send her a'pic
ture postcard signed by the Emperor.
The request seemed scarcely possible of
fulfillment, -but it happened that while
at Gibraltar after lunch the Emperor
sent for some picture postcards, as
usual, and sent them around the table
for the signatures of the company.
They were intended for his own little
daughter, who, as he said, is a keen
collector. The old instructor seized
the opportunity to mention the com
mand laid upon himself, and the Em
peror, smiling, signed one of the cards
and had it sent off to t,he Instructor's
daughter with those , destined ; for the
Princess.— Westminster Gazette.
'An Emperor's Gift.
MAYOR OLNEY of "Oakland has put in definite
shape the v proposition to consolidate Berkeley
and intermediate . towns with Oakland and to
project the same policy across the harbor'and take in
Alameda. The, matter* is under discussion and already it
is apparent that the greatest objection is to the loss of
identity that will befall Berkeley and Alameda when
they become only the city and county of Oakland. ,
The objection is .something more than sentimental
and must be removed; before consolidation can -be ef
fected. Meantime physical consolidation is going on
rapidly. There is . one continuous population from the
'south front of Oakland to the north 'line of Berkeley.
The interurban r electric roads have done that. But each
separate town has pride* of identity "and all are jealous of
the bigger city of Oakland, which wants the name and
the renown. Berkeley has'the university and does not
want that institution transferred . to Oakland, and will
bear the :11s she has rather than cancel her name off
the map. : ¦ .
When the project for a greater New York took shape
it was met by the same objection, which held it at a
standstill for a long time. Finally a plan was found that
would satisfy the pride of- identity 'and at the 'same time
tongues of the credulous are wagging in tones of amaze
ment. We don't need the boom of this discovery. We
have gold enough in our marts and manufactures, in our
trade and varied industries, to care little for a revival of
the stimulus that gave us our first start in the Western
world of civilization. i
Again the exulting. cry has gone forth that. gold has
been found beneath the streets of San Francisco and the
EAST SIDE CONSOLIDATION.
A Montana convict was pardoned from the peniten
tiary the other day after he had served twenty years of
a life sentence for a crime of which he was guiltless. If
life's rewards and punishments may be estimated in
comparisons, what indeed, must be the thoughts of this
man as he steps again into the .world of freedom^ He
will take small comfort in the fact that by one of the
tragic' mistakes of fate he was made victim. -
BUTTER— H. C, La Panza, San Luis
Obispo County. Cal. The following Is
given as a method for preserving butter
by salting: "Mix well together one
ounce each of saltpeter and white sugar
and two ounces of the best salt, all in
very fine powder; then add one ounce
of this mixture to every pound of but
ter, and thoroughly incorporate them
together. The butter thus prepared is
then to be tightly pressed into clean
glazed earthenware vessels,' so as to
have no vacant spaces. This : butter
dce3 not taste well until It has stood for
two or three weeks, "after which it ac
quires a rich marrow flavor, which no
other butter possesses. Any good, well
made fresh butter, free from batter
milk, will succeed by this method, but
the application of it to butter clarified
by the Tartar plan produces an, article
that will keep good longer than butter
cured by any other process." The fol
lowing is the Tartar plan alluded to in
the above: "Melt the butter in well
glazed earthen pans at a heat not ex
ceeding 180 degrees Fahrenheit in a
water bath, and keep It heated, skim
ming It from time to time, until the
butter becomes quite transparent; then
pour off the clear into another vessel
and cool it aa quickly as possible by
surrounding It with cold water or ice.
It Is said that butter melted by the
Tartar method and then salted in the
Tnanner above described will keep good
and fine-tasting; for a period of two
years."
Experts have decided that at least seventy-five thou
sand dollars will be necessary to repair the damage to
the great freighter Algoa, whose captain, economically
inspired, tried to bring the .ship safely through the
Golden Gate. Everybody concerned is probably ready
to admit lhat this is a somewhat expensive if not dan
gerous substitute for pilotage. Experience, however, is
too frequently like the stern lights of a vessel, illumin
ing only the path" behind.
NEW YORK, June 19.
Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: We
are told In the Bible that "God created
every winged fowl aft^r hfs kind; and
God saw that it was good. And God
blessed tnem, saying, be fruitful, and
let fowl multiply In the earth."
It is a sad fact that man is not per
mitting the birds of the air to multiply
as God directs: they' are wantonly
killed for sport by men, and boys de
stroy thousands of eggs and nestlings
each year. Fashion decrees that
women must wear the plumage of wild
birds for ornaments. . Glance . at the
bonnets worn at any , church service
and note the large number of graceful
plumes known as, "Aigrettes.". There
is not ' a woman that- does not know
that these plumes are obtained only
by the most cruel and barbarous meth
ods. How can she kneel and partake
of the holy communion while wearing
them?
Can the children of ' the Sunday
schools grow to be goou men and
women unless they are taught that
kindness to all G< s wild creatures Is
a part of Christian life? The Saviour
says a sparrow -"shall not fall on the
ground without your Father." This
certainly means that human- beings
will be held responsible for all acts of
cruelty " to~" even the most humble of
Cod's creatures.
• Birds are a check on insect life and
so lessen the labor of the tiller of the
soil. Scientific study during the past
two. ''""ides has demonstrated the fact
t'-at birds .are the most valuable
friends the agriculturist has; they;de
stroy insect pests and noxious vermin;
they also eat thousands of , tons of
v weed seeds which If left to propagate
would soon overrun the land.
'Birds require no pay for their labors,
they on^y ask to be let done to enipy
in pence and safety the life the Creator
gave them, the same right-that every
good, citizen enjoys. - v
Are clergymen doing - their duty if
r A Pica far the Birds.
SAN FRANCISCO— O. A. H^ Los An
geles. The population of San Francisco
according to the census of 1870 was
148.473;1SSO.233,956: 1890. 253,997. and
1900, 342,782. According tb a recent es
timate by the officers of the census
bureau the population of this city la
355,919.
KALAKAUA — Subscriber, City.
David Kalakaua, King of tha Ha
waiian Islands, died In San Francisco.
January 20. 1891. Two days after his
death his remains were placed on
board the United States ship Charles
ton and conveyed to the islands.
with a Joyful snap:
The chicken, in the agony of the first
attack, broke its own cord, and then
there was a helter-skelter flopping and
scrambling, in which easels were over
turned and canvases, paint brushes and
palettes knocked about This kept up
for five minutes, until the chicken was
killed. The dog had chicken for dinner
that night, but the artist uses chains
now instead of cords to tie up his ani
mals.—New York Sun.
The painting progressed all right for
a time. The chicken didn't like her
proximity to. the dog, tugging at his
rope, but after a few hours grew used
to it and stopped making a fuss. But
the bulldog kept right at work tugging
at his rope, and finally it gave way
Artists often have to do queer things
to get realistic effects. Recently a
painter who has made something of a
reputation with his pictures of animals
wished to paint a dog tugging at a
rope — straining every muscle to get
away. He thought in this way to make
a vivid reproduction of muscular ten
sion. But it was not easy to get his
model. Finally he hit upon the plan
of starving his own dog until the ani
mal ¦ had a keen appetite, and then
tying him in the studio Just out of
reach of a chicken tied with a cord
around one leg.
Realism.
POPULATION— A Subscriber. Santa
Barbara. Cal. There was no census of
the population of the United States.
The census is taken every tea years. In
1S90 it was 62.622.320. In 1300 It was
76,303,387.
'Answers to Queries, ' ""T^
We are the Columbines, life's bubbles
blown * i
Hither and tfilther, crimson popples
sown
For beauty and forgetfulness — no
more;
Ours but to give, never to gain or own.
To know our poverty and laugh there
for.
We are the Columbines — my masters.
see. •
Dance* we not well? — laugh we not
merrily?
Beautiful, soulless, blooming but a
day.
Ah, who would not the moment's Pierrot
be '
To laugh and kiss — and yawn and turn
away!
THEODOSIA GARRISON in July Smart
Set
We are the Columbines who sometimes
turn ¦ ,
To watch your windows where the home
lights burn,
Feeling the woman's shadow on the
pane
Fall on our hearts that take too long to
learn W
Their lesson of light laughter, light
" , ••:".- disdain. . ,*r-
We are the Columbines who may not
grieve.
Whom no man asks to pardon or believe.
Who . have no tears, no sorrow, no
regret —
A mimic Juliet you kiss and leave.
The rose of yesterday you soon forget.
We are the Columbines to whom you call
For Jest and merriment and carnival.
Buying our gladness at the market
price.
Tossing the careless coin to one and all.
Scorning the purchase with a wit too
nice.
We are the Columbines who. night by
night.
Dance for your . pleasure in the garish
light. .
Red-lipped, with swift, white feet that
know no pause.
With laughter over-loud and eyes too
bright.
To win your listless, cynical applause.
The Columbines.
Raissouli, the 'bandit who kidnaped
Mr. Perdlcaris and his English stepson.
Is said to be a very worthy person. <a
good father, a faithful son, the hus
band of a minimum of Moslem wives
and a thrifty and enterprising genius,
with a turn for commercialism, which
has raised him above his former hum
ble estate as a downtrodden peasant
In the tolls of Jewish money-lenders.
He and his fellow villagers were falling
ever deeper in debt to the Jews; the
more they paid the more they seemed
to owe. and they felt the tolls closing
around them.Then Raissouli had a bril
liant Idea; why not burn the Jewish
village and destroy all evidence of In
debtedness at one fell swoop? He tried
It, and his consequent emancipation
was the beginning of a new Ufa for
Raissouli, who Is said to be a second
Namgay Doola. a. red-headed, red
bearded savage of great muscular force
and few scruples. He has prospered
In the work of village-burning, and has
an enthusiastic following, for whom he
is what Napoleon was for the Old
Guard. He is even likely to rival Bu-
Hamara, the pretender, who nearly
shook the throne of Morocco a year
ago. As Bu-Hamara's following has
diminished, the adherents of Raissouli
have increased and multiplied, and he
will certainly gain great prestige if tho
result of the present situation Is that,
under pressure of the powers, the Sul
tan sends a special embassy to the
brigand to ask for terms, carrying rich
ransoms for the kidnaped American
and his English relative.— Harper's
Weekly.
• The Most Popular Book\ *•
On Wednesday, March 7, 1S04, "a nu
merous and respectable meeting of per
sons or various denominations'* was
held at the London Tavern, and a so
ciety, formed "ttt promote the circula
tion of the Holy Scriptures In the prin
cipal living languages." At that time
the Bible." or portions of it, could be
obtained in about forty living
languages, spoken by two-tenths of
the race. During the century since tho
meeting at the London Tavern ad
journed, and very largely from the
machinery then and there started, the
Scriptures have been translated Into
450 langauges and dialects, understood
by seven-tenths of the race. By the
London society alone 180,000,000 copies
have been distributed, at an expense of
$70,000,000. If we add to this total the
70,000,000 copies already distributed by
the younger American Bible Society,
and the unknown millions printed and
sold by private enterprise, we find our
selves inside a safe estimate if we hold
that certainly 300,000,000 copies of the
Scriptures, In whole or separate books
or portions, have gone Into circulation
during the last century.
. Amazement attends the study of the
Bible, whatever the point of view or
the course pursued. But nothing about
the Bible Is more amazing than its
continuous,/ universal and utterly un
paralleled popularity. In nearly every
if not every country on earth pvhere
books are sold more Bibles are sold
tban any other book. Last year' the
British and Foreign Bible Society alone
distributed 5,943,775 copies, the majority
by sale. In 370 languages, covering
every part of the globe. And the issue
by the American society for the. year
amounted to 1,993,553 Bibles and por
tions.—The Century. '.'^
THE Stockton City Board of Education has placed
itself squarely on record concerning the compensa
tion of teachers in the public schools. Incidentally
the members of the board, submitting a report, have hit
upor. to may topics of general concern; that their rea
soning and presentation of facts have more than the
ordinary interest. The minimum salary of Stockton's
grade teachers is raised from $500 to $600 per annum,
while the maximum grade salary is raised from $850 to
$900. The salaries of the principals of the smaller schools
are increased from $900 to $1000. In the high school
certain salaries are advanced.
Among the conclusions reached by the board some are
worth attention throughout the State. It is set up as an
axiom that among the requisites of teachers are tact in
management, "an even and kindly disposition and the,
health, .strength and ability and inclination for constant
improvement. Added to these specifications the board
holds it to be essential lha teachers shall be possessed
of a moral character above reproach and that they shall
have a social training as shown in personal' manners,'
habits and ilress that will present a good example to the
children.
The action of the board in raising salaries is based
upon several considerations. Stated concisely, these are
that the growing compensation of the Stockton teachers
has not kept pace with the higher standards of work
demanded in the schools; that the more extended train
ing now required takes from two to six years more time
than was formerly noccssury to properly equip the
teacher; that during the period when the cost of living
has increased there has been marked advance in the
salaries in all lines of prci'< ssional work with the excep
tion of those for teaching^ that the time and expense
involved in becoming a competent teacher equal such
tfutliys in fitting for any other profession; that teaches
have a right to a support that bears a just relation to the
kind of work they are cohig and to the ability needed to
do it well. V v ! :
Prior to voting to give the teachers more money for
their services the board inquired how to rate the com
pensation. The coqeiuMon was arrived at that teachers
who have made Icictirg a life work are entitled to the.
largest maximum salary that the city is able to pay. In
lur.king the -adjustment the stand was taken that no
salary should be i educed and that all ought tb be in
creased.
Applying the schedule to salaries .paid the individual
teachers shows an increase for the coming year of 6 to
28 per cent over those that have been paid. The largest
increase is granted to the younger teachers in the school
department, with a substantial increase to those who
have served many years. -K ¦'**.'
It was found that a schedule based on a "flat" salary
would result in cutting the 'salaries of nineteen teachers
and that basis was dropped without further considera
tion. This question was raised when the board con
fronted an inquiry whether all teachers should be paid
the same salary or should be compensated according to
training and experience. It was also ascertained that
reducing the number of years to elapse before the maxi
mum is reached would cut down the pay of fifteen teach
ers and that idea was rejected. Clearly the purpose' in
Stockton was to "encourage the teachers as much as pos
sible and to provide sufficient salaries to make it an ob
ject for persons of ability to continue to instruct the
young.
STOCKTON TEACHERS' SALARIES.
Let us briefly inquire into those qual
ities which make the King successful
as a diplomatist, which give him his
personal equipment. It is significant
that our present sovereign has made
no tactical mistakes, has, both as
Prinze of Wales and King, turned the
flank of more than one false movement,
and has, by his Intelligence and skill,
won the admiration of Intellectual
men. He has been called shrewd, but I
prefer to think of him as a man of tem
perament and imagination, with an in
stinct as keen as that of a dramatist,
or painter, and with the impulses of
the Instinct rationalized by wide and
high experience, and by the best of
knowledge — that directly gained viva
voce from the ablest men of the world.
In such associations, In this sort of
tuition, he has had the heart of the
thing laid bare, the essentials concise
ly presented for him to apply at once
in the discharge of his public duties.
I believe that the King is naturally one
of the most impulsive men In his em
pire, but his intellectual qualities, and
his capacity for comparison, historical
and immediate, his curious ability in
feeing what "the other man is think
ing," have steadied to powerful use
that temperament which, left to flour
ish unhampered by the convention of
duty, necessity, and high Responsibil
ity, might have been called genius. In
truth, the King has genius of a kind,
if he is not to be called a genius, hap
pily for himself. All that rare faculty
for saying and doing the right thing,
for remembering faces and incidents,
and people and places — it is all the
equipment of the man of temperament,
It is the secret of his popularity.
Geniality Is no name for It, for he feels
when to be genial and he knows when
to be "icily" regular. He is too pow
erful in temperament to be merely
"genial." With such a temperament as
he possesses there is also dormant in
his Majesty a certain Irascibility, due
to his capacity to feel strongly, to the
sharp decision of his mind. He is no
waverer, he does not need to lean on
others, and he has a keen impatience
with the dull or the inane; but long
ago the native irascibility was brought
—and kept— under control. Still, the
capacity to be wilful— to be impetuous,
to be Impulsive — lies at the very root of
his strength. It all belongs to his in
fluence uppn men, quite apart from
the power in the state which he repre
sents. Men who know the things that
count in intellectual equipment have
never underrated the King's knowl
edge; and his capacity for seeing all
sides of a question, thour'i he is known
to take one - * *e very strongly, and
that not from natural predilection but
according to his own judgment, right
or wrong.— Sir Gilbert Parker, M. P.,
in July Smart Set.'
Edward's Diplomacy.
The Board of Public Works has decided that the ab
sence of all employes in the office shall be duly recorded
as a check to what appears to be a general neglect of* duty
on the part of many insubordinates. It seems almost in
credible that a municipal department of San Francisco
will become so revolutionary in its methods as even to
suggest that its employes must give to the city an
equivalent for their salaries. The tax-eater has fallen
upon evil days.
John VT. Tompklna, "Warden of the
State Penitentiary at San Quentln. Is
of the opinion that a prison guard who
does not know how to shoot a pistol,
rifle and shotgun Is not of much .value
on the walls that enclose 1400 wearers
of the black and white felons' stripes.
Warden Tompkins practices that which
he preaches.
He has established a regulation pistol
practice range and a standard 200
yards rifle target range for the service
of his men. And he not only sees to It
that the guards do study to aim
straight, but the Warden himself takes
part in the drill at the targets. Warden
Tompkins is an expert on small arms,
a splendid shot and possessed of fine
technical and practical knowledge of
rifles and pistols.
Several days ago the Warden and
some of his men were shooting- on the
rifle range. The day was very windy
and the brisk breeze that blew over
the unsheltered range was not con
ducive to good work. And It was near
to the close of the day. the light being
none too good. Under these conditions
the 35's, SS's and thereabouts scored
out of possible 50's by the guards were
well .enough. Bnt Warden Tompkins
opened his men's eyes. With ten suc
cessive shots he scored, 46, and the last
bullets were fired at dusk. That stands
as {he record to date. The Warden Is
going to conduct competitive shoots
among the guards. In the nine months
Warden Tompklna has been In charge
the shooting records of the guards have
Improved 60 per cent.
Warden Tompkins' Bullseye.
literature of the emotions— poetry, phil
osophy and song — was to 'tune the
whole mass to a general key of being.
HATDEN CHURCH.
Raissouli.
The literature of the personal life, the
Shortly after "Sir Richard Calmady"
v.;as published, "Lucas Malet" (Mrs. St.
Leger Harrison) began another novel,
and up to a few months ago worked on
ft continuously. Then, however, na
ture kicked, and the authoress was
ordered by her medical man to eo down
to Bournemouth, by the sea, to take it
easy for a while. Mrs. Harrison did so,
and it was only a few days ago that
she returned to London, feeling a lot
better for the holiday, j At her cozy
little home in Egerton Crescent the
authoress has taken up her pen again,
and hopes to finish her latest romance
before many weeks have passed. While
at Bournemouth, by the way. "Lucas
Malet" was not so far from Hall Caine.
who, since his return from the Riviera,
has been at "Cromer, making final cor
rections in the proof-sheets of "The
Prodigal Son." ~*»s.
• •¦-.--'•'••'¦
When Miss Braddon published her
new romance, "A Lost Eden." the
other day, she made the total of her
books correspond exactly with that of
her years— €7. This . new novel deals
•with life in the London district of
Camberwell in the middle of the last
century. It was in this not very fash
ionable suburb, readers may remem
\ber. that William Black laid the scene
of his "Madcap Violet."
American collectors should warn
London agents not to miss the sale of
the manuscript of Burns' "Cotter's Sat
urday Night" at Sotheby's next month,
for this is the most valuable of the
autograph copies of that poem. It has
continued till now In the family of
Robert Aiken, the writer in Ayr to
whom it was inscribed, with an accom
panying letter, by the Scottish poet,
and is in a perfect state of preserva
tion. An early copy of "The Cotter's
Saturday Night" is in the British Mu
seum, and the printer's manuscript of
the Kilmarnock edition. 1786. is in pos
session of the Burns Club at Irvine.
George Moore reluctantly came from
Ireland to London, the other day, to 1
' confer with , his publishers. Admirers
of "Esther Waters" and "Sister Teresa"
will be interested in hearing that this
author brings with him the manuscript
of a new novel of what he calls "gen
eral life." The scene is laid In Ireland.
This is not the only new volume by
which Moore soon will be represented—
for he is planning to publish his be
wildering "Literary Arowals"— which
have been appearing in a London
magazine — in book form about the
n:Sddle of the summer.
H. G. Wells was as far as ever from
being commonplace in the lecture
•which he delivered on "Literature and
the State" at the Royal Institute the
other day. He began by explaining
that his definition of literature included
good preaching, good letter writing and
even good conversation, and later dwelt
on the relation held by plays and works
of fiction to the welfare of the state—
a relation which he described as inti
mate. "People," the novelist main
tained, "go to the play to study social <
procedure." "It^Is in the novel," he
went on, "that the great posfe>lllties
of social adjustment reside, \\ron that
adjustment does come. It will, be the
work of the novelist."
Referring .to both novels and plays,
Mr. Wells affirmed that If they were
well done the state would endure; if
they were badly done the state would
tend to go to pieces and would decay.
Special Correspondence.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL..
S HENRIETTA STREET. COVENT
GARDEN. LONDON. June L— Until a
few days ago I had no idea, aa probably
was the case with most Americans
who read it, that Richard Whlteing's
story. "The Yellow Van," which at
tracted so much attention on both
sides of the Atlantic, had largely to
do with existing things. It Beems, how
ever, that there really Is a yellow van
and a Land Nationalization Society in
¦whose interests the van travels about
through rural England and that the
experiences of those who Inhabit this
vehicle are quite as exhilarating as Mr.
Whlteing made out. / .
This I discovered \rhen the Land
Nationalization Society held a meeting
in London the other day. The society
was founded in 1SS1 by a distinguished
committee, which included Dr. Alfred
Russel Wallace, who hit on the theory
of evolution simultaneously with Dar
win; Miss Helen Taylor, who Is a step
daughter of John Stuart Mill, and A.
C. Swinton, but the organization's
propaganda by means of the yellow
van did not begin until 1S90. For four
teen years straight, however, the orig
inal van (the society now owns two
others) has perambulated the country
and its presiding genius, whose name*
is Hyder, preached the gospel, "The
Land for the People and the People
fcr the Land." In this time some 10,
000 miles have been covered and meet
ings innumerable held. The van, like
the bicycle in the song, is "built for
two," Mr. Hyder, who is the society's
general secretary, and his assistant.
They live exactly such a gypsy-like
existence as Whiteing pictured, spend
ing the night in fields (where Inquisi
tive cows occasionally made things
lively for them), buying their food from
the farming folk and cooking it inside
the van. In most districts the yellow
van's speaker and his leaflets are re
ceived good naturedly enough by the
country' people, though seldom by the
representatives of the landlords. In the
most rural parts, however, where
squirearchy still Is supreme, stones
and rotten eggs propelled in his direc
tion frequently leave Hyder in no
doubt as to the attitude of his hearers.
In such districts, in fact, determined
attacks on the van are by no means
rare occurrences. In one county an
onslaught was made by a mob of stable
boys armed with stones and headed by
the local parsoa. In a Hertfordshire
village, Hyder and his companion were
locked up in the stables where they
were tending their horses, and had to
escape by means of a skylight. Else
where, the creatures of the lord of the
manor tried to throw the yellow van
ard its occupants into a river.
London Literary Folk.
they, do not call the attention of tha
people to the rights of the birds?
WILLIAM DUTCHER,
Chairman National Committee of Au
dubon Societies.
His father preceded him as a Cabinet officer, being-a
member of Mr. Cleveland's last Cabinet in the Depart
ment of Agriculture. President Roosevelt has now two
Cabinet officers whose fathers were there before them,
Mr. Taft and Mr. Morton. -' •
In that great and distinctly American work Paul Mor
ton has had a distinguished part. The country may 'con
gratulate itself, that the persuasions of the President
have succeeded in securing such a man for the public
service. He is all that William C. Whitney was when
that gentleman was lured out of private and professional
life to begin the building of a navy. He is more than-
William C. Whitney was in his business experience as
the manager of vast things and knowledge of all their
details. He comes to public duty at the exact time when
the need of such a man is the greatest.- There , is no
difference of opinion about our need of a navy not
second to the combined sea power of any two of the
first-class nations of Europe. That is one policy in
which all parties and all sections concur. The President
has made a happy selection of the man to carry on the
work. He has youth, experience, energy, honor and pa
triotism. The good son of a good father, he has Ameri
can soundness and saneness in every fiber, and the honor
of the navy is safe in his hands. His executive career
should be prolonged.
In the organization of the government under the con
stitution in' 1789 the - Secretary of War had charge of
both the army and navy. In 1798 the navy was made an
independent department. The changes in the secretary
ship of that department have been the most frequent and
the terms of service the shortest of all the Cabinet posi
tions. The only long term Secretary was Gideon Welles
of Connecticut, who went in with Mr. Lincoln in 1861
and remained eight years, giving way' to Adolph Borie
in 1869. In the one hundred and six years since the
creation of the department thirty-six secretaries have
held the office, an average of less than three years each.
We are getting better ideas of the necessity of continuity
of policy in the business of our Government, and it is to
be hoped that we will apply it to the business'of build
ing a navy by keeping Mr. Morton long in a place for
which he is peculiarly fitted
THE CALL has already felicitated California upon
the "prospect of representation in the Cabinet. That
prospect has become a certainty, and the State for
the second time in its history has a representative in the
official council of the President. In Secretary Metcalf
the Pacific Coast will have an. intelligent and painstaking
friend of our commerce and the great interests and great
future of our trade will be promoted by him with indus
try and zeal. In doing this he will be advancing the in
terests of the whole country, for the entire Union has a
stake in the commerce of the Pacific.
By the organic act of his department many important
matters are transferred to it from the Treasury. One of
these is the supervision of the lighting and buoying of
our coasts and harbors. The Call has frequently re
ferred to the insufficiency of these safeguards of deep
water shipping on our whole coast. The trade of the
Pacific must come and go in ships and their danger lies
in approaching the coast and entering its harbors. When
Secretary Metcalf returns here in August, as he intends,
to put his private affairs in order, our people and com
mercial bodies will tender to him public expressions of
gratification at the deserved distinction that has come to
him, and will take occasion to discuss with him the needs
of our coast for the promotion of its commerce.
The other new member of the Cabinet/Mr. Paul Mor
ton, the Secretary of the Navy, is almost a Califorhian.
He was born and reared on a farm in Nebraska. His
father, the late J. Sterling Morton, was one of the most
distinguished men in the country and was one of the
foremost* in the West. He was a pioner in Nebraska,
and that State owes to him a debt for which it fondly
cherishes his great memory. He reared a remarkable
family of ££wis. Each became great in the line of busi
ness which he selected tojollow. Paul entered the rail
road business in a subordinate capacity in his youth, and
passed rapidly and solely on his merit from one station
to another until he became vice president of the Santa
Fe system and the manager of its vast traffic.
He was an important agency in domesticating that
system in California and bringing it to San Francisco.
Much of his time has been spent here and he knows our
State and people intimately, lie has the finest' business
capacity and ranks among the first experts' in the great
field of railway management in this country that is the
marvel of the world. Americans are accustomed to read
the compliments of European and Asiatic railroad man
agers paid to our American roads. The efficiency and
cheapness of our service, the exact adjustment of every
part of it to every other part and to the enormous traffic
of the country, cause#thcse foreign observers to elevate
our transportation to a place among arts of the .world,
since it is the application to practical affairs of the
principles of science.
THE NEW CABINET MEMBERS.
carry the benefits of consolidated government. Brook
lyn became the" borough of Brooklyn, New York the
Borough of Manhattan, above the Harlem River the
Borough of Bronx, all under the charter and government
of Greater New York. We are of the opinion that it
will be found quite easy to consolidate the Borough of
Berkelfy and a borough of the intermediate territory
with Oakland as, say, the Borough of Peraltaand the
Borough of Alameda, all under the charter of the city
anl county of Oakland. Each will retain its identity
with its separate borough organization, and all will get
rid of the costly and unnecessary dual government from'
which all saffer now in useless taxation.
We would advise that the discussion of the subject be
addressed to this proposed creation and consolidation of
boroughs into one government. Debate will develop the
legal hindrances, which must be cleared awav. and then
if the game be worth the candle, if the benefit of consoli
dation justify the effort necessary to make straight the
legal path to it, the work can go on aimed at a definite
object.
fHE SAN FRANCISCO "CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 26, fe.
THE S AN ; FR^N^ISCQ CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELSf Proprietor ... . . . ... . . Address AH Commutations to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office . . V.. . . . Third and Market Streets, S. F.
SUNDAY ....... . . . . . . .... . . . . . . . . . . . . JUNE 26, 1904
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
32SENTENCED FOR BURGLARY. —
Frank Williams, convicted of burglary
In the second degree, was sentenced
by Judge Lawlor yesterday to serve
two years In San Quentin. He entered
the room of Policeman John Edwards
at 116 Leldesdorff street on April 23
and stole a chotgun and its case.
Pastor Is Given a Surprise.
SANTA ROSA, June 25.-— Rev. and
Mrs. W. L. Gaston were tendered a
surprise last evening by the members
of the First Baptist Church. Dr. Gas
ton Is pastor of the church and with
his wife will leave shortly for a trip
to Eastern cities. He was given a well
filled purse.
SAN JOSE, June 25. — Four hun
dred natives of Iowa picnicked to-day
at Sunnyvale, this county. The oc
casion was the annual outing of the
Iowa Socity of Santa Clara County.
A musical and literary programme,
followed by games and a basket lunch,
was enjoyed.
Iowans Picnic at Sunnyvale.
VALLEJO, June 25. — A building re
cently erected on Pennsylvania street
for a dance hall was destroyed by fire
this morning. The property belonged
to A. J. Twllliger. The loss approxi
mates $4000 and insurance covers
two-thlrda of that sum. Of the oc
cupants F. M. Strubel, who leased the
building, waa the heaviest loser.
Fire Destroys a Dance Half.
SAN JOSE. June 25. — The Santa
Clara County Pioneers held their an
nual banquet and reunion to-day.
Above five hundred of the members
and their families were present. The
regular annual meeting preceded the
banquet. A fine musical and literary
programme was. rendered. The fol
lowing officers were elected for the
ensuing year: President, J. S. Selby;
first vice president, J. Z. ' Anderson;
second vice president, E. J. Wilcox;
third vice president, Thomas Rea;
secretary. W. D. J. Hambly; treasurer,
L. A. Spltzer; finance committee — S.
P. Stockton, A. J. Mollvain and P.
Hollister.
Pioneers Hold a Reunion.
BAILEY NOT TO PRESIDE.
Permanent Chairman of Democratic
Convention Yet to Be Named.
NEW YORK, June 25. — Members of
the Democratic National • Committee
now here say John Sharp Williams,
Democratic leader In Congress, un
doubtedly will be the temporary chair
man of the St. Louis convention and
will make the keynote speech. \
Senator Bailey of Texas has been
mentioned for permanent chairman of
the convention, but It Is unlikely that
both presiding officers will be chosen
from the South.
Gavin's Voice Wins Honors.
ST. LOUIS, June 25. — Judge C. J.
Cx.iviu J3f Raton, N. M., has been ap
pointed reading clerk of the Demo
cratic National Convention. One of his
qualifications is his marvelous voice.
REPUBLICANS TO RATIFY
ROOSEVELT'S NOMINATION
Berkeley Citizens Arrange for Big:
Open-Air Meeting With Orations
' nnd Music.
BERKELEY, June 25. — The Repub
licans of Berkeley are going to ratify
the nominations of Roosevelt and
Fairbanks at a big open-air meeting
next Thursday night. A platfoVm will
be built on Center street, opposite the
•main ¦ entrance . to jj the university
grounds, and the spellbinders will
orate and the band will play. A com
mittee consisting of Thomas Rickand,
Robert Greis, J. T. Rerias and John
M. Foy will arrange for the Jollifica
tion. This committee will- engage the
orators. The South Berkeley Repub
lican Club held an impromptu rati
fication this evening in Lorin Hall.
PAST MASTERS ENJOY
OUTING AT EL CAMPO
Masons' Picnic Attended by Large
Company and Marked by Many
Pleasant Features.'
Six hundred people attended the
picnic held at El Campo yesterday
under the auspices of the Past Mas
ters' Association of California, Free
and Accepted Masons, In celebration
of St. John's day. The excursionists
reached their destination long before
noon and made merry until that hour.
After luncheon under shady trees
there was dancing and a series of
races for three prizes each were run
with the following results:
Boya under 12 years — Won by,
Rowland Schramm, Harrold" Carter,
Allen SDrouI.
Girls under 12 years — Edna Brink,
Eva McLaughlin, Velma Manning.
Boya under 17 years — V. Richards,
Frank Blakeway, John Turner.
Girls , under 17 years — Theresa
Oblltz, Eleonora Hertel, Linda Brink.
Past masters — F. E. H. O'Donnell,
F. W. Williams, R. Herring.
Masons' wives — Mrs. H. E. Elliott,
Mrs. S. E. Vander Mehden, Mrs. E.
H. Beverley.
Heavy men — W. A. Baker, A. N.
George, L. Vander Mehden.
Stout ladies—^Mrs. M. Fairchlld,
Annie Grace, Mrs. F. H. Joyce.
Ladles of Eastern Star — E. Berg
man, Margaret Thomas, H. Maundrell.
Masons— Captain H. Stoffen, R.
Herring, O. Lobbock.-
Daughters of Masons— J. Healing,
E. Bergman, Linda Brink.
Open to all — J. A. Ross, Edward
Fisher, H. L. McKnew.
The races were followed by the dis
tribution of many gate prizes and by
dancing until it was time to, return to
the city. >- \ j
Red Men Elect Delegates.
SANTA CRUZ, June 25. — Roxaa
Tribe of Red Men has elected the fol
lowing delegates to the Grand Tribe
of Red Men to be held'in San Fran
cisco: Niles ' Belknap, George Staffler,
F. H. Parker and Duncan McPherson.
goods were kept in the store. The
draft was made payable to George
Martin, which Is supposed to be the
swindler's name. The police have a
good description of the man.
WASHINGTON. June 25.— President Roose
velt to-day appointed Rear Admiral Robley D.
Evans, Rear Admiral Henry R. Manr.ey, Briga
dier General A. W. Oreeley. Lieutenant Com
mander Joseph It. Lanne and Professor "Willis
S. Moore.- Chief of the Weather Bureau, as a
board to consider the question of wireless teleg
raphy In the service of th* national Govern
ment.
reported to Captain Martin yesterday
that a man had called at the store on
Friday night and ordered $50 worth of
groceries to be delivered next morn
in,g to a house on the Ocean boule
vard. He presented in payment a
cashier's draft for $75 on a Woodland
bank, purporting to be signed by J.
S. Craig, cashier. Thomson gave him
$25 change. Before delivering the
goods Thomson wired yesterday morn
ing to the Woodland bank and found
that the draft was worthless. The
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
¦ 1016 Broadway, June 25.
Messages of congratulation continue
to pour In upon Victor H. Metcalf.
While many came yesterday, more ar
rived to-day, for his friends at a little
distance have had time to learn of his
appointment.
'' The local commercial bodies, the
Board of Trade and the Merchants*
Exchange have all tendered banquets
to the new Secretary. There will be no
banquets, however, until Mr. Metcalf
returns from Washington In about six
or eight weeks. He will leave here
Monday morning. Meanwhile commit
tees are at work, a'nd everything will
be In readiness for him when he returns
in August. It , Is probable that there
will be one banquet In Oakland given
by Mr. Metcalf 's fellow townsmen, and
another in San Francisco, at which It
Is proposed to invite all of the Con
gressional representatives of both
houses from all cf the coast States. The
committee representing the Board of
Trade consists of H. C. Capwell and
Edwin Stearns, and that from the Mer
chants' Exchange Is composed of A.
Jonas and Wilbur Walker.
PASS RESOLUTIONS.
Among the manv messages of con
gratulation received by the new Secre
tary is the following: ;
"SAN FRANCISCO, June 25, 1904.
"Hon. Victor H. Metcajf, Oakland,
Cal. Dear Sir:* Realizing the import
ance to this coast of your appointment
by the President as Secretary of the
Department of Commerce and Labor,
the Chamber of Commerce of San
Francisco tenders Its cordial congrat
ulations upon the honor thereby given
to you and the compliment paid to
this coast. This graceful act of the
chief executive Is In the line of prog
ress and will be 30 accepted by all of
our people.
"With kind regards and best wishes,
we have the honor to subscribe j our
selves. Yours respectfully,
"THE JCHAMBER OF COMMERCE
OF SAN FRANCISCO.
"GEORGE A. NEWHALL,
"President
"E. SCOTT, Secretary."
The Oakland Board of Trade directors
called a special meeting and passed
resolutions of congratulation for Mr.
Metcalf, as follows:
"OAKLAND, June 24, 1904.
"Hon. Victor H. Metcalf. Oakland,
Cal.— Dear Sir: The Oakland Board of
Trade, through its board of directors,
congratulates you upon your appoint
ment to the exalted position of a mem
ber of th<» Cabinet.
"The board also congratulates not
only the citizens of Oakland, but of all
California, that President Roosevelt
has selected one of our citizens of such
well-known ability to fill a position
which requires unquestioned capability,
Judgment, intelligence and honesty of
purpose, together with firmness and
knowledge of commerce of the world.
Very truly yours,
"H. C. CAPWELL, President.
"EDWIN STEARNS, Secretary."
Postmaster General Henry C. Payne
to-day sent the following telegram:
"Mrs. Payno joins me in congratu
lations to yourself and wife. We hope
to see you soon in Washington.
"HENRY C. PAYNE."
OTHER TELEGRAMS.
Among some of the other, telegrams
received from men of national reputa
tion were the following::
"My congratulations and ,very best
wishes to the new Secretary of Com
merce. ELMER DOVER,
"Secretary National , Congressional
Committee."
"SAN FRANCISCO, June 24, 1904.
"Hon. Victor H. Metcalf— Much
pleased to see Pacific Coast secure a
place in the Cabinet. Much delighted
that California should be chosen, and
congratulate President on excellent se
lection. HENRY T. SCOTT."
"SAN FRANCISCO, June 24, 1904.
"Hon. Victor H. Metcalf — Slncerest
congratulations. The State and your
city are proud of your attainment.
"JOHN A. BRITTON."
FALL MANEUVERS OF TROOPS
ATTRACT MUCH ATTENTION
Generals , MacArthur and Lauck Dls-
I cuss the Approaching Combined
•:.V'i Military Exercises.
- The combined maneuvers of the
United States troops and the National
Guard of California, to begin on the
Henry. ranch August 13 are-attracting
much attention. General MacArthur
and General J. B. Lauck, adjutant gen
eral of , the State of California, < were
closeted together the greater part, of
yesterday afternoon discussing the de
tails of the encampment. There is an
immense amount of detail matter to be
talked over, as more 'than 5000 men
are to take part in these battle exer
cises..
From the present arrangement the
maneuvers will be participated in by
the Thirteenth Infantry, Colonel A. C."
Markley; Twenty-eighth Infantry,
Colonel Owen J. Sweet; Fifteenth In
fantry, Colonel Henry C. Ward; Ninth
Cavalry, Lieutenant Colonel Edward
A. Godwin; several batteries of field
artillery, Major Edward T. Brown; be
sides j nearly the entire I State National
Guard in command of General Lauck.
General MacArthur will personally be
in command of the entire .maneuvers
during the two weeks of encampment.
The management of the arrange
ments will be In charge of Colonel
Stephen P. Jocelyn, chief of staff, as
sisted by .Major W. P. Duvall and Cap
tain Sydney/ A. Cloman. The' latter
tw"o having been sent on from Wash
ington for this purpose.;'
j,vJ..W.". Thomson, manager of J. Tun
nicllffe's grocery, 3293 Mission Btreet,
Passes Worthless Draft.
"Mayor Holtzman, Mr. Griffiths, Mr.
Kern, my neighbors and friends: Your
warm and enthusiastic welcome almost
overwhelms me. I am too poor in
words to express to you the gratitude
I feel for this kindly greeting. It % is
immeasurable. I am not insensible to
the high honor which the Republican
National Convention at Chicago has
conferred. But above and beyond that
I value the neighborly respect and
friendly regard which I have bo long
enjoyed here and which you manifest
so generously to-night.
"This city is very dear to us all. We
have for it a profound affection. Most
of what we have been and what we
are and what we expect to be Is cen
tered here. Its shame is our shame;
Its honor our glory. It is home, and
there Is no sweeter, better word than
this In all the .vast vocabulary of men.
¦ "Our city has contributed many who
have taken conspicuous place in Amer
ican history.' We are joint inherlters
of the honor they have brought to it
There was Thomas A. Hendricks,
chosen by the American people for the
Vice Presidency; Joseph E. McDonald,
an able United States Senator, and
William H. English, once a candidate
for the second office In the gift of his
countrymen— men of great ability and
high purpose, and we honor their mem
ories : irrespective of our political ¦ be
lief s;
"In the perilous hours of our country
There' was another - enthusiastic
demonstration that lasted several min
utes when Senator Fairbanks came
forward to express his appreciation of
the words of welcome. He said:
John W. Kern,, who, like Mayor
Holtzman, Is a Democrat, welcomed
Senator Fairbanks home on behalf of
the Commercial Club and in the inter
ests of the city.
THANKS HIS NEIGHBORS.
Senator Beverldge was cheered
heartily as he arose. After a welcom
ing introduction he said:
"The law of compensation is uni
versal and no honor comes to man
•without corresponding duties. In the
arduous work to which my eminent
colleague is called he will have the
hearty good wishes of every man and
woman in Indiana, and we, on our
part, have the knowledge that he will
speak and work for what he believes
to be best for the republic. And in
this he will be merely a type of Amer
icanism, because all of us, of every,
party and of every creed, are hoping
and working in our various ways to
make and keep this nation the noblest
of all the nations of the earth."
The committee representing the Co
lumbia, Marion and Commercial clubs
and the Merchants' Association, which
met the Senator at Lebanon, had care
fully planned the details and the party
rapidly passed through the shouting
throng to carriages in waiting behind
an escort of 500 members of the Ma
rlon Club.
The music of the bands was drowned
In the great wave of welcome that
hurled itself against the buildings as
the procession of fifty carriages
Btarted through the crowded streets.
Up Illinois street, into Washington,
around the Circle and up Merid'an
street to the Senator's home, two miles
away, there were two solid fronts of
humanity. The Senator bowed his
acknowledgments continually.
The warmth of the welcome and the
manifest enthusiasm of the populace
were remarked upon with great pleas
ure by the distinguished visitors ot
the party as they drove through the
streets. Many houses were illumi
nated, flags were displayed and rockets
brilliantly piercing the darkness above
carried In advance the news ; of the
approach of the Senator to his home.
TWENTY THOUSAND IN PARTY.
At Sixteenth and Meridian streets,
near which stands the beautiful Fair
banks home, shaded by great forest
trees and flanked by a spacious lawn,
fully 20.000 persons were awaiting the
party. Cheer followed cheer as the
Senator and Mrs. Fairbanks alighted
and entered their dooryard, in which
a large platform, profusely decorated,
had been erected. Seats had been ar
ranged for the speakers and guests.
Mayor Holtzman first expressed to the
Senator the pride of his neighbors In
their sincere welcome.
Senator Fairbanks reached his
home city at 7:30 o'clock to-night, the
approach of the special train bearing
his party being announced by hun
dreds of steam whistles and by the
ringing of -bells. When the train stop
ped 10,000 persons cheered and waved
a welcome. In front were several
hundred prominent residents of the
city, representing all political parties
end including the Mayor of the city
and Governor of the State.
WELCOMED AT HOME.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., June 25. —
The welcome extended to Senator
Fairbanks to-day by. the people of In
diana on his return home from the
Republican National Convention at
Chicago, where he was nominated for
Vice President, was very flattering and
extremely gratifying to the Senator.
Crowd? were waiting at ajl the
towns where the train was scheduled
to stop and the Vice Presidential can
didate was. given the closest attention
while he was speaking. Senator Fair
banks scarcely referred to politics in
the half dozen speeches he made dur
ing the trip, as persons of all parties
and classes turned out to greet him
and the demonstration in most in
stances was of a non-partisan nature.
The first crowd to meet the Senator
was at Kankakee, Illi Fowler and
Lafayette were the next stopping
places and the Senator made speeches
at -both. At Lebanon Senator Fair
banks left his car and spoke from a
platform erected near the station. 1'he
demonstration here was "in charge of
the Hanna Club. Short stops were
made at Colfax, Zionsvllle, Thorntown
and Whitestown.
Bepublican Choice for Vice
President Recipient of
Flattering Honor.
Prominent j\Ten of the Land
Offer New Cabinet Mem
ber Good Wishes.
Politics Is Forgotten 'and
Twenty Thousand Citizens
Congratulate Him.
Several Big Events Are
Planned in Honor of
Secretary Metcalf.
"I thank you, and thank you again."
Senator Fairbanks at the close of his
address expressed a desire to meet as
many as possible 'personally and shake
hands with them. This wish he had ex
pressed during the day at the various
stops. For an hour and more following
the speeches people thronged past and
shook hands with both Senator and
Mrs. Fairbanks, Chairman Cortelyou
and Secretary Payne also being intro
duced.
"We are proud of our city and State,
and beyond that we are proud of our
citizenship. Here labor and capital,
those two mighty forces in our upbuild
ing, find a fruitful field of employment,
and here their mutual rights are well
protected.'
"We value and hold fast to those vir
tues of the fireside which are the real
strength of the republic. Our people are
characterized by plain living and high
thinking.
"My friends, we have much to be
thankful for. |
"About us are the ample rewards of
honest industry and the rich fruits of
peace. Let us seek to promote good
laws, wise administration and make
ourselves secure in the enjoyment of
! that contentment which comes, from
! the observance and orderly enforcement
'•of the law.
PROUD OF CITY AND STATE.
Oliver P. Morton, , the- Cromwell of
American polltlcB, was a mighty
tower of ptfength. Walter Q. Gresham
rendered conspicuous military and civic
service and left us a spotless name. In
the silent city of the dead yonder Ben
jamin Harrison sleeps. He wrote a
high record of intelligent, conservative,
patriotic devotion to the republic.
SENATOR FAIRBANKS GIVEN A ROUSING
WELCOME BY PEOPLE OF HIS HOME TOWN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, ; JUNE 26, . 1004;
33
ADVERTISEMENTS.
!B5aESBBB*EBEQBBBBBaBEIHHlBlHBHIBIBHaBHDII
DON'T LOSE THE OPPORTUNITY
> —Last Week o? Our—
This must be a CLEARANCE in every sense of the word.
We must make room for the first arrival of our fall goods.
We have left mostly broken sizes of our soring goods,
which we arc almost giving away. See prices below:
Regular $17.50 Suit, Clearance Pjice... $ 6-45
Regular 20.00 Suit, Clearance Price 7-45
Regular 22.50 Suit, Clearance Price 8-95
Regular 25.00 Suit, Clearance Price. 9.95
Regular 27.50 ' Suit, Clearance Price 1 2-45
Regular 30.00 Suit, Clearance Price : j. 14-45
Regular 35.00 Suit, Clearance Price 1 645
Jackets in Cloth and Silk
. Regular $ 5.00 Jacket, Clearance Price $1 .95
Regular 7.50 Jacket, Clearance Price 2-45
Regular 8.50 Jacket, Clearance Price 3-45
Regular 10.00 Jacket, Clearance Price 3-95
Regular 12.50 Jacket, Clearance Price 4-95
Regular 15.00 Jacket, Clearance Price ; 6-45
Skirts
Wash Skirts 45c, 75c, 95c, $1.45 and $1.95
Walking Skirts . .95c, $1.25, $1.45, $1.95 and $2.45
Di ess Skirts -$ 2 -45» $3-45» $4-45 and $5.95
Still Greater Reductions in Children's
School Coats
Regular $3.00 Coats, Clearance Price. 95c
Regular 5.00 Coats, Clearance P. rice $1 .45
Regular 6.00 Coats, Clearance Price I.95
Regular 7.50 Coats, Clearance Price .....245
<^^^^ Wholesale Manufacturers
'{¦'¦¦¦^. 1 142-1 146 Market St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mme. Sara Bernhardt
Is not only a highly accomplished actress, but also a most attrac-
tive woman. However, neither the brilliance of her intellect nor
undoubted charm of manner -or.ld have raised her to world-wide
eminence and renown if nature had not first endowed her with those
indispensable physical attributes — sparkling eyes, cameo cut like
features, and last but not least a luxurious growth of lustrous bronze
hair enfolding her form, vhen let down, in a veil of glory.
It cannot be repeated too often that a woman can seldom hope
to obtain advancement in the realms of art or society if she is not
blessed with a luxuriant growth of glossy hair. As strength is the
pride cf man so is beauty and beautiful hair -the glory of woman. How
neeessarv it is, therefore, for every woman to care for and to guard her
hair. It is precious to her. Science now provides her with the veg-
etable compound,
(Pronounced Pee -no)
HAIR TONIC
EAU DE QUININE
the product of Ed. Pinaud, who has devoted years of constant ef-
fort to evolve successfully this great boon. Many medical men have
heretofore devoted youth and age to discover the causes and cure of
falling hair — dandruff and baldness. Ed. Pinaud has proof positive
that EAU DE QUININE unmistakably does this. No longer need
anv • man r>r woman be cursed with thin and falling h a i?- ED.
PINAUD 1 S EAU DE QUININE keeps ihe scalp healthy and pro-
motes the crozt-fh, and used as a dressing it gives to the hair aglow of
beauty. Beware of imitations. See that the name Ed. Pinaud is on
each bottle.
Ed. Pinaud has thousands of testimonials from eminent Euro-
peans and Americans. i
FR r E BOTTLE We Arc the largest manutao
mailed' on Veceiot of 6c. to pav turers in the WO^ M of A &*
postage. ED. PIXAUD'S Ameri'- grade perfumes. Our name is
can ED. PIXAUD ° Zuarantee of highest quality
J3L-ILDIXG. NEW YORK - Parf " m^ e E % P ' aaud ' lS
PITY Place Veadome, Paris.
EVERY MEMBER OF THE FAMILY !
r •¦ *. '<¦'; j ¦ ¦ - .«. ..' .••-" -- *
I HI II a SI 1 — ll~ II It ' U 111 />— • —t Frosn the child Just learnln* to read to the
Urn fi Si\ ff-_L j If ' 1 1 f fff />==? , T Krandalra peering through h!s B'.assea — e-verjr
6E£| member ct tne ramil y enjoys readiac
:^^^Be ENCYCLOPAEDIA
BR1TANNIGA. :
UlLMlnai AJlfilf' * ' - l!U === " ' Ita 25. CW larse Dages and wealth of plc-
K _-SfMgV^^!^*viiLsl^ii?2@^^__JL tures, maps and diagrams form an unfalltns
Tyfc~ri rf; j J^""*in^'fT*^' t^i7'r.7V' — y fountain of Interest aad instruction.
k #all tt §i*y&k^M^ v Tho Rnvc unrf Rirlc
Ilia OUJfo dllu Ulilo
/ IILxJIkS, I All t *$ld -y ./ (lil'-l P^ ( Follow with delight the descriptions of air-
t jtft ¦ 3E |jj* trA. \V~t\ UiR $S~zL^—A *hlpw. kites, volcanoes, famous kings and
Bfe^fttfeI^Bi^b.eg^l queens, and battles of the world. They read
/7/I Tea I I Bt I ///? /^^" I °' animals, birds and flowers: they go with
: afe M S& teSt # fe^niSfeSs; A explorers to the South Sea Islands, or th«
t§ irnmmi^ SfegteaS^pSffiga^gp Frozen North, and they karn of new games
"the Young Mun and Women
J _*j( 88, Jk. (?// Je. (I if f flHp^t v *" ln< * tn at BRITANNICA'S famous essays In
I^ES l^Sll^Vttrttl— ujtiQ^?^£-*^* s history and biography are mor* interf«tlng
iOTi»nV ¦SSI a^gl^*" IV y^y^'SjtS^\ than any romance. The article by Stevenson
lilf ¦*,!(& mil^ UBtll j.11 Ilinllk^S- has all the charm of "Treasure Island." Tha
Ju^ftTtfffi t^T^t =*^T=sKiHl^§Lrf^ contribution by Mrs. Humphrey Ward contains
egUJy^W^^^L^agafeZSSiftaCTSgS^? all the forc« of "Elinor." The l!f« of Pitt, by
fill iI/JbII lli.ll // IliM fcS^ Maeauley, is characterized by the same brll-
t t*i MUL *$r- r=tf -#4f=^» tW^ llant styIe BS his classical essays.
VE-^ratm^^Sw^fe i'S^^^^ In the choice of a business cr life work.
ffftllmnlrltiZunir-Jn'eZ 0 *^' BRITANXICA aCcrds a discussion wide and
JlLfcJIsgil A i»/ ¦ jk.lf H4t^^[ V helpful. It go«s Into practical details about
I^^HgtUtjCU^Vcyvp^ -^Jfe^^*^3 the various trades, professions and crafts, »o
• a^-j-iiJyjj yp5:iya^.a^ -Mij- ,-,«, (l "wv^r~^~J tf.tr. no one need remain ignorant of their
//// -w/T : 7r \Mi a, / /////l^^ I eallent features. If BRITANXICA contained
Xc^SStPCT^in&^feTttl^^^.^dJ nothing besides this It wou!J still be of ths
1 y^^^^P^^^^&ysJ^^^^Y^^^^l h.qh»j£t value to young men and women fae-
Thp fllripr Rpari^r^
TW^^WfuEuAlm)(^ \ *" u **IUGI nCQUulO
iEisylBKSte^isltiLs^? Har e the choice of many thousand subjects
\^PfjJj^^PC^r}^Wijr^r^' :^&^^^^ g t Every branch of thought and achievement, and
f'm llSSlT " 7/i" VllUtlnllS&Z \ the rise and fall of nations. ar» treated by dis-
' (^( SB ¦"HH — HftfiW 5 -A tlnguUhed writers. There are no lew than
Kf~£ES ? j3Wm«i£^^^' 2 °0° signed articles by such m«n as Dean
/W^ffilf ZVr^nlTWff^^ 1 Farrar. John Sherman. Thomas B. Reed. Max
lilt ~ II IS 5 II ¦» It&ttl » H Him /HH A Muller. Arthur T. Hadley. Henry Cabot Lodge.
p>ara2tfefctfettfstt=nHK^^s«f Matthew Arnold. Jiir.es Uryce. Edward Kverett
\yY^^ff¥i^^^\Ai^K^S^^^ie^ I Hale and John Morley. t
flit TiB&il llSill Ti tlilttlLSf* , \ • Is It not worth your while to place this
ffhftj: |HfcHi&£ 5f kfctMllKfJffsl^ magnificent array of the world's knowledge In
W^W^^^^^n^^f^^V^^I vour home, when you can do so at a co«t of
liipBfetty|H price Soon io Advance!
SE^il^a' E*T {5lif#T: ~iKH£>§§§<:^ On account of the Increased cost of material
\ttt^W3,V^$Qfe±\*~^£^&Z : & :^l and labor, the price of this Encyclopaedia
Iff ill far /" flZiIf" I ' Him /&* V must be advanced at an early date. We have.
-a^MM-b^bi5it^t=mm^L^ however, arranged that this lncreaee tn prtce
a&ill-iw&stkE^^vB£j&$&z^i * hal1 not *° lnt0 e!?ecl unta th - p rescnt P rl:it -
' H ¦JsltBB Lit l s tlf«,l tlUlLli^h But prompt action Is needed to obtain a set
gfSttgg frt^f^tfeltHSftgggfe^/ ° n ' he I-resent advantageous terms. Cut out
y^pftnfc^yr^^J^4,.V5.i^feSHa^'fS^ I tno INQUIRY COt'PON' before you lay a*id«
(di j,((&'sii 11&1K+ (ilt{(liW&*^Jzi thi * Daper * * nd een ' 1 jt AT o? * ce!
ffi^ffisfHr^b anna " -It !s without a peer In the whol» noble.
.y^^A. y^fcT~ 1^\^^*<^r^'l~>:^u*?:v-3g^'** army cf encyclopaedias." — LYilA^* AC3OTT,
irr^fe- ifi*"— < V^1^T'V*^^i-^-^t^^ "The Encyclopaedia Britannlf« In the king
ffnT *-$wi%$ffl%%$$ffiwllffi^£ ° "I* all the other book3 wer*> destroyed, the
()[_>- (if tfc?> i£^^™^'isfy^]l^fL^^ Bible excepted, the wrrld would lose but lit-
Bp^^^l^S^i I BOOKCASE FREE |1
Hf. ipiSMiJOj^ili^njIj^p A limited nnmber of toooScasWwlH
\^eMii^^^^^^MM^^^% d« *!*« * reo ot ctax*« to Call read-
fe er« wlxo respond promptly. The
/Fl&l^'^ 1^**^'!/^^ s^ Coupon nelow will fce kaown a« tha
] f^f^^^= Booicas9 Coupon, and «noald bo
l^^i^fe^p^^^^^" f^-Cut out and mail this Cou-
. "j" ~ ' ' ~~i»" p On to-day for particulars of
31 XAS^^ a l° J '^l'2oo i*.s.our great offer to Call Readers.
S vo!um« Nint" Ed!. The American Newspaper, Association.
' llon - Parrott Building, ban Francisco, CaL
5 V Addit?ons AmeriC * a Pfecse send me free of charge sample pages
1 volume Guide to and Ml particulars of four Encyclopaedia offer \
Systematic Read- (Bookcase Coupon). \
Ing of the -Whole \ r J \
°*— — Name
~ lire act VI lllv O IrSBl ,..••.••••••••••••..•¦«¦ •••••• ••••••..
NEW 20th CENTURY
¦ _ EDITION. Town
you can pay the
balance at the. rate of
only ioc a day for a County State
short time. g | »Ag FRANCISCO CAU. BT7SEAT7.
ADVESTISEHEMTS.
For Breakfast
i
*•" - . •
NO TIME LIKE THE .
PRESENT.
If you contemplate buying a
SUBUKBAX HOME, do it now.
Our REAL- ESTATE columns
contain some sxiafis to-day.
ADVEB.TISE2CENT3.
]gT"; I Are You Going Away?
Ic^w - t OUTING WEAR
ISlifepi bathing'suits
' Caps. Sandals, f tc.
ZS~&M~ T :„-"£¦} Ladies' Suits.* SI. 50 to $25.00
MJglmapBCSr^^^rsayJ Girls' Suits..; SI. 25 to SR.OO
r q *MaP*^SZ^^yi? aa S : -^g%a Men's Suits • 7oC to S8.OO
'"Tilth i '^"^1^7^811^(1 Boys'Suits ...50C to $3.50
Ladles' SEE OUR SPECIALS
Knit Jackets L •Thisw ee k
Tarns, Outing Hat6 » » &fe@i^O j£a>
MenVand Boys' §&U fMIMi
Sweaters, Jerseys, i/Mi-rlriMn nn
Caps, Leggings. Etc. A N I U#l I N U b 0. '
' 60 .63V! Street, Sao Francisco
Yachting Wear. open SATURDAY till 10 p. M.
-..•-- . .... • -....¦
POSTXJM CEREAL.
I TOE NOURISHMENT
of the field grain brew- ~>
¦;{i ed- into a delicious hot
mealtime beverage,
POSTUM
Get the little hook. "The Road to:
Wellville."; in each pkg.The authorities of Edinburgh, in or
der to induce people to be vaccinated,
offered half a crown— 60 'cents— to every
B. F. Btoll. dentist; Halght & Masonic are.*
In Palestine the swallows are allowed
not only the freedom of the houses and
living-rooms/ but of the mosques and
tombs, where they build their nests and
rear' their young.
Trapper's Oil ct)f» rheumatism and nearalsts-
DtVSii.sls 60c flaak Ktehard & Co.. 406 CUjf.*
Arrangements were completed yes
terday by which Gottlob, Marx &^Co.
will have the local management of
the series of concerts to be given here
early in February by the famous song
stress, Melba, assisted by some of the
best-known artists before the public.
At the concerts to be given in this
city the diva will be assisted by an
orchestra of fifty and will have among
her soloists the superb harpist,^ Sas-
Eoli, Barytone Gilibert BoHti* and
Tenor Van Hoose. Sassoli is the
protege of Melba. Some scenes from
operas will be Included in the pro
grammes. The concerts will be 'given
nt the Alhambra Theater.
Mclba to Bo Heard Here.
Some very swell wedding ' announcements
come from Edward S. Knowles, 2i^eeond st. *
Rafael Bars!, charged with attempt
ing to kill Lulgi Guinasso about a
month ago at 26 Scott place, was held
by Judge Fritz in 52000 to answer in
the Superior Court.
hurled into the face of a policeman the
half-filled bag of ammunition from
which he had been firing samples at
the soubrettes. His sentence might
have been less severe if he had not
exposed latent hoodlumlsm in court.
While his wife, a meek little woman,
accompanied by a three-year-old boy,
was appealing in a .whisper to the
Judge for leniency, Martlnell shouted
surlily from the dock.
"Here, you speak up or shut up."
"Silence, sir!" commanded the Judge.
"Silence yourself," was the defiant
retort. "I don't allow you or any one
else to talk to my wife."
"You're a thoroughbred ruffian,"
said the Judge, "and I'll give you all
the punishment that the law allows."
person who would submit to tha oper>
ation. There was & great rush on tha
vaccination depots, with a great rush
on the saloons a little later.
Fancy vests at cost, Sea window. Tea
Dillon, hatter, opposite Palace. *
The famous cog railroad up PIkea
Peak, in Colorado, may soon bo sup
planted by an electric road, plans for
the building of which axe now under
consideration. • >
SALT VTATER RESERVOIR SITE.— Th«
Fire ComaslsBlcncm yesterday requested the
Board of Supervisors to fix a time for a con
ference to 6ettle definitely the most suitable
epot for a lor the salt water sys
tem for fire protection.
Robert Kiernan, 17 years of agre,
and George Moyles, aged 15, were
taken into custody last niffht while at
tempting to dispose of a sealskin coat.
Moyles admitted that he had stolen
the coat from his aunt, who lives at
Fourth and Lake streets. Owing to
their youth they were not charged and
it i3 not expected that the relatives of
the young culprit will prosecute.
¦ m ¦
Reliable gas ranges $16 60. regular
prlc« $;o, this week only at S. F. Gas
& Eiectric Co.. 415 Post st. •
Land of the Midnight Sun. Glaciers
and a thousand islands en route. Inside
passage. Seasickness unknown. The
palatial excursion eteamer Spokane will
leave Seattle 9 a. m. July 5. 19. Aug. 2,
Ifi. For information apply to Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.'s Ticket Offices. 4
New Montgomery st. {Palace Hotel) and
10 Market st. C. D. Dunann. Gen. Pas
senger Agent, San Francisco. ; • ¦
Steals Aunt's Coat.
Alaska Excursions Season 1904,
guilty of petty larceny and ready f ov
sentence." '
"I'll hand it to you day after to
morrow," said the Judge, who had
been Informed that John's character
was not spotless.
Judge Mogan 'dismissed the charge of
assault with a deadly weapon .which
for several weeks had been registered
against Robert Powell, a colored troop
err The complaining witness, an Afro-
American civilian, testified that'he had
been slashed on the head with a bolo
in the hands of Powell, who found him
enjoying, the company of a mulatto
laundress for whom both gentlemen
had "a feelln'." The evidence showed
that the defendant had not committed
all the battery in the case, as his rival
had wielded a razor. With this ex
tenuating circumstance was combined
an excellent previous character, sworn
to by comrades who had served with
PowelL
Among those whose testimony con
tributed to the dismissal of Priyafe
Powell was Private "Bud" Riddles,
ebony-hued, standing six " feet three,
inches In his stockings and with thirty
years' uninterrupted military service
to his credit. He pronounced Private
Powell a "nefty eoldiah," and added
that Sergeant Ell McCarthy could also
conscientiously heap euloglum upon the
defendant if he were permitted to do
so.
"Well," said the Judge, "we are will-
Ing to give hearing to Sergeant Mc-
Carthy — whoso patronymic, by the way,
suggests Celtic rather than Ethiopian
ancestry. Is he a white gentleman?"
"No, sah," replied Private Riddles;
"Sahgant McCa'thy's as black as they
make 'em."
"And what prevents his coming to
court?" «
"He's on gyahd, sah, on gyahd."
"Then we'll dismiss the case without
John Holly,, aged and heavily whis
kered, was emerging from the'base
ment of 749 Baker street at' 4 o'clock
yesterday morning when Patrolman
Hammill espied hlnvsearched his per
son, found a silken skirt concealed un
der his tattered coat and arrested him.
"You needn't lose any tlme ! on me,"
said John to Judge Mogan, ""for I'm
Complaints poured Into the office of
the California Hotel from many rooms
at 2 o'clock yesterday morning and in
vestigation by the night clerk Med' to
the discovery that the slumbers of the
complainants had been disturbed by
the strident tones of V. A. Swan aa he
stood on Bush street and in the Swed
ish tongue conversed with a , mild
mannered compatriot Patrolman
Hems was summoned. As he escorted
Swan to the City Prison he was told
thlnflp in Swedish that he would not
have tamely submitted to had they
been" uttered in English. His ignor
ance of the lingo was bliss , for the
prisoner as well as himself.
As Bandmaster Sousa directs his In
strumentalists so did Swan gesticulate
when he stood before Judge Conlan
and. pronounced his arrest one "of the
outrages of the new century. His arms
swung like the limbs of a windmill and
his gestures made Clerk Jack; Rice,
In , proximity, fidget uneasily. Instead
of defending the conduct that pro
voked the policeman to scoop him in,
he severely arraigned the police sys
tem of this city as a whole and ac
cused . his captor of behavior i utterly
unbecoming his uniform. Much more
he evidently was prepared to say when
the Judge abruptly stopped his oratory
by ordering him .to' appear .for'sen
tence to-morrow. ;
.Mary Taylor, accused of stealing a
skirt from a Market-street dry goods
store, pleaded kleptomania and said
she had recently been confined In the
Uklah Asylum for the Insane. But
further Information concerning her- 1
self Mary would not Impart and Judge
Mogan continued her case to give the
police time to find out something more
about her. She is 30 or thereabouts,
respectably dressed and refined in
speech and -bearing.
• • *
: Patrolman J. P. Fogarty arrested
the woman in an apartment house at
Turk and Taylor streets, where she
was consorting with Harry Hynes, a
vaudeville speclallslt out of a Job.
Hynes convinced the court that he was
willing to perform for a moderate sal
ary, but for some reason the managers
did not yearn to book his fact." He,
too, was discharged from custody and
gratuitously advised to change his oc
cupation.
Mary M,oore, arrested for vagrancy,
swooned while Judge Conlan.was in
terrogating her. While on her way to
the witness stand she overheard one
policeman facetiously whisper to an
other that the Supervisors had Just
passed an ordinance establishing a
whipping post for the punishment of
female vagrants, but she did not see
the wink that accompanied the whis
per, nor did she know that the re
mark was uttered specially for her
hearing. So when she ascended the
platform her nerves were all aflutter
and the Judicial" questioning so en.
hanced the trepidation that she sud
denly went Into dreamland. After her
removal to the matron's room the case
was dismissed.
"Take me away," sighed 12-year-old
Digby Hurst to the policeman who
grabbed him, "for I would "rather be in
jail than listening to them cheers and
not seeing the fights."
Judge Fritz sent all the defendants
to answer in the Juvenile court.
Two dozen youths of tender age were
arrested Friday night for violating the
curfew ordinance by loitering around
the entrances to Woodward's Pavilion,
wherein Impresario Alec Greggalns' ag
gregation of amateur boxers were de
lighting an Immense concourse of spec
tators.
Joseph B. Simpson and Harry Barker
were arraigned and Instructed by Judge
Mogan as to their rights under the
charges of impersonating an officer
and of batterv which have been sworn
against them by Madame Russell, mas
seuse, and Madame Violet de Wolfe,
seeress, at 136 Sixth street. According
to the complaint the two men visited
the apartments respectively occupied
by the women and attempted to extort
money by representing themselves to
be peace officers, and when they failed
to obtain the money they assaulted the
complainants. The case will be heard
on July 6.
Shortridge produced affidavits . to
show that Kelly had repeatedly com
mitted perjury in order to be permit
ted to vote at public elections. At
Olympia, Washington Territory. In the
year 1870, the attorney said, Kelly for
mally declared his intention of renounc
ing allegiance to* the Queen of Great
Britain and Ireland, and that same
year he voted as a full-fledged citizen
of the United States, although he was
not legally entitled to do so. Ten years
later he swore that he did not embrace
citizenship until 1879, and two years
thereafter he testified on oath that he
became a citizen in 1370. Subsequently
he repeated these contradictory aver
ments and otherwise pronounced him
self a person whose oath was valueless.
In addition to the alleged perjury by
Kelly, Shortridge hinted, at collusion
between Kelly and Gunther In the brib
ery In question, but Judge Fritz
thought that such collusion had not
been indicated by the evidence.
Edward W. Gunther will answer • in
the Superior Court the charge of at
tempting to bribe a juror In a Chinese
murder case recently on trial before
Judge Lawlor.
When the preliminary examination
was called in Department No. 3 of the
Police Court yesterday the defendant's
attorney, Samuel M. Shortrldge, moved
for dismissal on the ground that the
complaining witness, David Kelly, was
unworthy of credence under oath, but
the motion was denied and the hearing
continued till next Tuesday, when, as
Judge Fritz said, he would hold.Gun
ther to the higher court, with ball fixed
at $5000.
HAVE tfAITH IN THE OIL
Think That It Will Prove
as Effective is Product
of the Beaumont Fields
Special IMsratch to The Call.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. June 25. — State
Veterinarian C. H. Blemer Is expected
here next Monday to experiment with
Pinal crude petroleum from the San
ta Barbara County ' oil fields for the
extermination of Texas fever tick by
the dipping process. The dairy herds
on the coast side of San Luis Oblspo
County are more or less Infected with
this tick and an earnest effort Is be
ing made to rid the county of this
pest The work will be carried for
ward under the Immediate supervi
sion of Dr. G. P. Faulkner of Salinas,
the County Veterinarian. Only Beau
mont, Tex., crude oil has been rec
ognized by the Federal authorities In
dipping to free cattle from the tick,
but the doctors believe California oil
will answer the purpose Just as welL
They will give a thorough test with
a view, if It Is found adapted to the
purpose, to urging Its recognition, by
the Government.
Will Dip Cattle -Suffering
From Texas Fever Tick
With California Petroleum
VETERINARIANS
TO EXPERIMENT
Police Judge; Fritz Refuses Motion to
Dismiss Complaint and Accused Must
Stand His Trial in the Superior Court
GUNTHER TO BE HELD TO ANSWER
FOR TRYING TO BRIBE A JUROR
THE' SAN FRANCISCO CALL, JSUNDAY, JUNE 26, 1904.
Paul Martlnell, who pelted wlth v pea
nuts the lady vocalists In a Montgom
ery-avenue concert, hall, got three
months for /llsturblng the. peace and a
similar term for battery, he having
his aid."
"I'd give a dollar for a squint at that
Hibernian coon," muttered Bailiff
Hickey as he released Private Pow
ell.
34
ADVERTISEMENT EL
75c WHITE LAWM SHIRT
WAISTS REDUCED TO 49c
Exceedingly well made, prettily tucked and hemstitched
both front and back ; perfect fitting in every particular ; full
pouch sleeves : a great value.
Beady'lo*Wear Goods af Immense Silks— Two Great Specials.
Redactions. 5oc Tusca Pongee, 25c a Yard—
S 1f Waists and Skins at Almost SgSg
S5 g£ Waists 95 c-Whit c d^d^\vi"e^aS
Uvm m open v.ork effects, tucked f b ghirt waist suits> waists> ctC->
iront and back; dainty patterns to choicc this wcck< per^r,,
pick from: a great value at --Q5p y ar d C,jC
' *: J ¦¦¦-,:.,' : " ' '."'¦' * 6oc . Black Taffeta. 39c Yard— A
$5.00 India S:ik Waists, $2.45— good rus tling quality for ruffles,
Less than half price; white India sk j rts or su i tS ; 19 inches wide; do
silk, lace tnmmeu r.nd tucked front not m i. ss this while it lasts,
and back: extra heavy <r^ per yard ..«J7C
quality; reduced to •i)fci» < XfcJ . «•«/?«
$ I7 . 5 o Woolen Suits, S9.50- HoUSeliOld Goods.
Fancy mixed taiior-made suits in 20c Dotted Swiss, 11c a Yard —
Eton" style; triimr.ed with bands of A splendid quality, suitable for cur-
cloth and silk braid; light and tains; 36 inches wide;, a ftp
dark mixtures; reduced CQ Cfi S reat reduction, per yard.. 1 IV
.to i^y.JV/ • 20C Cretonne, nc a Yard— 20
$20.00 Silk Shirt Waist Suits, pieces in the lot; pretty for cur-
$14.50—1:1 fancy and in black and tains, portieres and draperies; 34
white check silks; an immense as- inches wide; special while ll 1 1 p
sortment of styles to choose from; lasts, yard **^
very swell, reduced CIA Cfi 25c Pure Linen Huck Towels,
to". fcPlfx.JV/ Igc —^u linen, with border or
$12.50 Alpaca Shirt Waist Suits, plain white; 18x38 inches; 1 Q«
$8.75— Waists tucked front and special '.'v
bhJ^^m'orT^Ve^ffo 11^ <*«* Specials fcr Vacation and
duced to 4K).i3 Summer Wear.
$5.00 Wash Shirt Waist Suits, 50C Ladies* Undervests, 25c each
$3.65 — Fancy mercerized wash ma- Mercerized and a splendid qual-
terials. in a bis variety of patterns }ty; low neck, no sleeves; pink,
and colorings; a great C? J*C blue; a big reduction thisOC^
value .pj.UwJ W eek, each CsJK^
S3.00 Wool Walking Skirts, $1.95 25c Ladies' Fast Black Hose, 15c
— Gray mixed tweed; lapped seams — One of the best 25c cotton stock-
and tailor stitched; a fft QC ings in our store; have silk \.vn-
very special vahie tylmVtJ broidered ankles and are very
$2.00 Crash Skirts, $1^5— A neat pretty to wear with low "I C^
linen crash outing skirt; trimmed shoes; a great value at,.a pair I
with straps of sarae material and 50c Ladies Neckwear, 15c — One
pearl buttons; each C"J J£Q o f the greatest specials we have
4*l»"tJ ever offered, including, a beautiful
$1.25 Petticoats, 55c — Crash petti- line of new wash collars, some
coat? in linen color: plain and trimmed with fatrotine: colors
striped materials; 3 ruffles onQCp and white; a real bargain.. 1C«
flounce; fine for vacation.. /Jv t?'.... 1*JW
TWO GREAT VALUES IN BLACK DRESS GOODS.
[Black Panne Cheviot— All Black Voile Etamine— All'
j pure wool; sponged and wool; silk finish; plain and
CQC J shrunk; 52 inches wide; fancy silk knob weaves; l QHC
3 /yd ; guaranteed fast black. 43 inches wide; the fine '
This is the regular $1.00 sheer quality that usually
[quality. sells at $1.50 a yard.
ADVEBTISEMEirri <^)
HOUSE-FURNISHING
- ...GOODS...
EXTRA VALUES.
% . .- ¦
/WHITE AND COLORED MARSEILLES
Ort 7K AND WHJ TE SATIN FINISH BED-
O/i|-.UJ SPREADS, full size for "double fieds,
fa | . hemmed reaiu Top use and yeru hand-
Each some designs. Regular price S3. 00 and
, v $3.60.
CO flflf ARABIAN AND RENAISSANCE LACE
O li UU J CURTAINS, in a large Yarletn of new
w— | designs. These are a new importation
i>«ir v ani nisasure 3 and 3j4 uards In length.
A a f%i% / TAPEST R Y AND REP PORTIERES, Doth
S/S lin : r^ ure{1 and plain colors, some with
U£8 iUU ; fringed ends, others with .Persian hand
¦ " horders, a good varletn of stnles, good
i>«ir \^ value for $5.00 palp.
Oft C-n /FINE WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS,
Off i v U ; extra large size anl assorted horders.
U j We have onlu 25 pairs of these goods.
r»«ir v Our regular price has heen $10.00 pair.
7Ca f 20 Pleces EXTRA HEAVY BLEACHED
fTl! i- TABLE DAMASK, 63 Inches wide. These
I vU I are Irish manufacture and we have
V them In 8 different deslgnst
CO Rflr LARGE SIZE IRISH L1N£ N HUCK
OY ¦ J U i TOWELS. These are" alreadn hemmed
¦¦ anl. come In assorted horders. Good
oozen A Yalue $3.00.
-Oft C f) /One Case FULL SIZE BLEACHED DINNER
pApJUJ. NAPKINS, in Yem handsome destgns,
km from one of the hest Irish manufac-
¦ Dozen I turers, well worth $3.00 dozen.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
ADVEBTTSKTff K IVTa.
X& SPECIALISTS {R a
Painless Extraction of
— Fifteen Years —
nEATTTITIIL SET OP TEETH S3.CO
Gold Crowns (22k) 5.00
Bridge Work ....../ 6.C0
Gold FlUlaffs 1.CO
SUver riUinsrs 50c
To the first patient Monday we will
extract teeth FREE or will make full
set of teeth absolutely FREE. This
OFFER is made to demonstrate our
Painless Method, < also to show the
quality of our artificial teeth, which
are the best.
NO STUDENTS. All work posi-
tively done by Dr. Bowers or Dr.
Smith.
UNIVERSITY DENTISTS,
Lady/attendant io Kearny st., S. F.
t : ¦
CHOICE lots for sale In the Me- il
Gee Tract, Berkeley, near Key ?>
Boxtte and S. P. trains. Also iX
treasury stock in first-class fac- <?
tory enterprise, menasred bytreU- XX
KM*, careful Imsiness men. .-¦-< ?I
pacttic coast mtusr co^ #
Inveitaent Bankers. 708 XSarkst
SU Booms 604-5. *;
V,-:-; : -A -]". EXPE3T OPTICIAU".
-^^s, Don't Ruin Your Eyes "W3
If You Wan f t Perfect Vision
TOU SHOULD WEAR GEORGE MATERLE'S GLASSES.
Tor weak and sore «yes use Georz-e Mayerle's Eyewater, 50c; toy mail. 63a.
To clean your Glasses u»« George Mayerle'i ANTISEPTIC EyerUas 'Wipers. ?J for 23a Bea*
I P. O. order or Wells-Farso.
Co!. Georre French. Commander Paclflo Coast Province. Salvation Army Headquarter*.
San Francisco, writes:
The glasses you mads for m» are excellent, and I ¦hall take neat pleaaur* t» rtcoznaea4
your services as a practical optician.
GEORGE TRESZCB. CefoneL,
George Mayerle
German Expert Optician. 1071 Uarket fit.. 8. V,
c^ 2 Doors from Seventh Street
ETES EXAMINED FREE. Open evening* until 0. Phone South 872.
fcHBy ' closely reseiabla mlna.
To Avoid Mistake. u (\g>£\r45£> MaA/Drlo" *Sis^<i«
Look for t ie Name UEul IVIdyCriC
Established S Years
ADVEBTISEMENTa.
ft / 1 71 ¦! JLJSJBL^LJvLJL m5 M,^^f
/£' ffl/£i/vimm.er-
" v Morrow (Moji~ fZ7 —
f&fK^ 7^* , \**^ Most Important ty
• Event.
A sale that means much to San Francisco mothers,
because it presents unusual opportunities for saving
and offers a wonderful selection of summer dresses —
good, sensible styles, in thoroughly reliable fabrics,
whether it be the dainty white lawns or the heavier
novelty weaves. There are dresses for the youngsters
of ,4, and upto the girls of 14. Considering that the
price reductions are genuine, the styles new and the
qualities high, you can't afford to miss this sole.
$5 White Persian Lawn Dresses $2.45
Some twenty styles — fancy, Russian and others. Some have lace
and embroidery yokes with bertha to correspond and skirts with in-
sertions of lace and embroidery and lace trimmed flounces; the Rus-
sian styles have full box plaits, trimming of embroidery and patent
leather belts.
$1.50 Dresses, 98c ? 2 - 5 9 Dresses, $1.25
. . Colored sailors and white pique
Sailors and Russian dresses in dresses. A very comprehensive
stripe, check and plain chambray assortment of I good playtime
and polka dot duck. Splendid dresses that are made for wear.
workmanship — great values. . All sizes. ' 4
Children's Overalls Baby Caps Reduced
So cents the-price now. p. 2J French Caps poc.
You know the argument in r,,: n t:i,,' *,, / .i,.j a i i
favor of putting them on the child Daintily tucked and worked
at playtime. Our argument is Wltn a chain stitch. A plain hood
that they are matchless values style that is easy to do up.
at 50 cents. ; ;:,:-
Easily proven if you will in- Others at 50 cents each —
SP They are made of blue denim much more f anc y but not quite
with red trimmings. • . so logical.
W^^^. JDreat Annual
H^wImw Begins To - Morrow
'^m^mh l0 ' m Yards at Abovt
iinfilr '^ a^ Price
I l| W Coming from the greatest ribbon de-
| ti ¦$*- . partment west of Chicago, the mere an-
'E 3^^ no^uncement that to-morrow. we will be-
'1^' gin our Annual Clearance of Ribbons
/;v.. \- Hj' k!] 1 will suffice. The fact. that we carry the
.' ;: y ta biggest and best stock is well known, and
JV the fact that we do not handle ordinary
$B : • "sale" ribbons is well established. ' Every
7 - one of the 10,000 yards offered is taken from
our regular stock. They are not remnants. You can have any length
ordinarily calle/1 for. You can select double-faced Liberty , Satins,
Brilliant Taffetas, Satin Taffetas or novelty weaves in fancy ribbons..
The color assortments are complete— the range of width varied enough
for all purposes." Note" below, h6wthe prices are reduced. Canvassyour^
.ribbon wants carefully and come to-morrow— the carlicr'thc better.
i2i/£c and 15c Ribbons.. ....7c 20c Ribbons. .... ....;....;.. .itir
. 15c Ribbons..... ....:..Sc 25c Ribbons. ....'./....... ..1Uc«
40c Ribbons......... 1 »e;^
.. Ribbon belts and. ¦bozv-s-'—iniv styles — uuuic to order by
experts', ;frec pf '-'charge. .
1 CoK&rantjfveyand&eart/St, i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I is the rule at KELLY & U UH'
I LEIBES these days. In 11 Mlftm
I every case' the bargains J ipMVll
| exceed the advertise- i \ Ipv^i
ment, and the result is a m ¦ ul f| \\m
I delighted customer. We %sLjl/ \f|v.J^
I don't offer merely a re-
I duction in one or two garments, but have |
I marked down our entire $75,000.00 I
ir stock of Dresses, Jackets, VVaists,Outing I
n Dresses and Skirts and Shirt Waists ; -so I
I that whatever you may need is yours at §
jj an absolute bargain. ' 1
B tl^S BUrt WalrtB — Pln« pa $17^0 AU-Wool Cloth Tailor ft
a lawn, trtomed or tucked J)IIQ Sresses — Silk -lined frACA ¦
JF now ww waists, newest styles JkU Jjll H
tt $2.00 Eblxt Waists — Ele- a« mm .................. ..«
%WSK S 3^ 1 lawn, line e:n- \| /'> 825.00 Tailor-Mafle Dresses — In lff-
|| broldered now «!'*•»«' nne materials, newest *|ft aa R
B $7^0 8Uk Waists— Lined *« mm . S. ...'.!! '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.' now «PW»"" U
¦ "Z7l%% of .colors and V jg $40.00 Trimmed TaUor- - Mad* |
j atjles now v-"« Dresses — Elegant »/ir a a ft
R t2J00 Buck or Crash Out- ct AA Sh?,?/* tO wear a " y tP^VW ft
ff . tar Bklrts — Perfectly SI fl(| P lace •• nowV U
|j made now V*«vw 816.50 Gilk filouses and Eton Jack- "g
W 0 . vrb £* Scrtm =<*»»• SWrt trimmed T. . . .'."? $10 Oft »
Ji Waist Cresses — Lace *r aa now *P* V »"U R
li trimmed .*....•••••••. 3^ li ..... _ * «• * ei
U ... now V"'"w S27.00 811k Jackets— Loose, dressy pf
II ........ effecta, some lined and &¦%£ r« .21
ff eao.00 Vatnral and Colored Uaen BOme n0t llned tDlO.t)ll U
Jj ¦ Presses — Plain and ma aa ' now v * wvv B
[( trimmed OlU.UU S104» Bummer Jackets— All wool »
» now*' ' vw and silk lined, blacks, ffr AA 2}
j 93SJ00 Black Silk and Satin Shirt <Uld Oxfords •••¦ •• $0M H
}\ "Waltt Dresses— Trim- d»|«7 pA now . ¦
n med >|l fill $17.50 Jackets — All wool #|A aa M
H •. now*P lltt;v and silk lined, blacks ,j}lv.UU B
1 cSorT^Sl^fl AH ***** Siant Tan' *Co^ CIC A A I
fa . .^.now •J^W.VU ert Jacket^-Sllk itaed $15.00 tt X
j] 1^2O Kearny Streetv 8•jjDutlifrn Parlfle Train Changes.
' about July I, train No. 50, Fres
m Erpresn. will leave Sza Franclrco at 8:05
p. m.; Instead of 3 :30 p. m. This train will
Sake direct connection at Tracy for Ktockton,
JJnd rarry Tosemite tlec-prr for Kaymond via
Herenda.
Train No. 6, ¦ leaving at 0 p. m., will let off
«t£&cc£ers at Cyroo. . *
WANTS Fine PROTECTION-.— The W«rt ot
Castro lnj.-irovem'Tjt Club ha* petitioned the
JJoard of to tr.afcp arovislon for
better rir? TTritrctlon In the district. The club
rails attention *V ths fact tl'tt engine-house
£4, on Douflaa etrret. near Twenty-firs'..
JsVbout to be abandoned becau!»e the building
i- unfit for ur.e. The club arks that more
jjround b* »crured and a new. enslne-houne
built; eo the district will not be left to th«
*»ercy of cm.fi.&gratlnr.r.
The musical programme to be ren
dered *in Golden Gate Park to-day Is
as. follows: 7 "Star-Spangled Banner,"
national anthem, -U. S. A. (The "Audi
ence; is requested to arise and remain
standing during the rendition of this
number) ; V march, "Soko," " Arnold;
overture, - "La^ Gazza Ladra," Rossini;
waltz : caprice,.. '.'Fairies' : Whispers"
(new), Kretschmer; duet for piccolos,
'•Nightingale and Blackbird" (KHng)V
A. . Lombardo and *L*.~ Ne wbauer ; ' selec
tion;; "K'soletto," ' Verdi; overture,
VRaymohd,". Thomas; flower ;song,
"Hearts and Flowers," "Tobini; varia
tions on a German ; folk song, Ochs;
"El / Miserere" '*; from "II Trovatore"
(cornet and • trombone) , Verdi ; selec
tion/ "Fl6rodorai"'Steuart; '
•#'•¦ ¦ . '. ' • ' .
Park Music To-Day.
[File Notice of Vein or Gold Dis
i covered on Beacon and Cas
| tro Streets.
! G. F. Gray and Harry N. Gray filed
• in the Recorder's office yesterday an
! other of location of a quartz
[claim. The" location begins at a point
j 208 feet south of Beacon street, thence
' along Jbe westerly side of Castro,
i thence westerly 125 feet from this
I point, which is the center of. the claim.
: northeasterly -300 feet, thence at right
I angles southeasterly 750 feet, thence
' southwesterly 600 feet, thence north
! westerly 1500 feet, thence r.ortheast
\ erly 600 feet, thence southeasterly 750
! feet. The lead is said to 1500 lineal
i feet, with 300 feet on each side. The
Grays located a similar claim on Thlr
(tieth street, near Diamond, and claim
1 to have found gold in both locations.
"The; United . States Civil Service
Commission announces an examina
tion on. July 13, 1904, at San Fran
cisco,, Los Angeles, Fresno and Marys
vllle, Cal.. for the positions of aid and
laboratory apprentice in the bureau
of standards. Department of Com
merce and T Labor. The salary of the
aid. will. be $600 per anum; salary of
¦apprentice, $540 per annum. The age
limit. is. 20 years. or, over for the aid;
17 .years or over for the apprentice.
Applicants should at once apply either
! to the United " States Civil Service
Commisison, Washington, D. C, or to
I the secretary of the -board of exam
iners, 301 Jackson street, San Fran
cisco, Cal., for application form,
which. "should be properly executed
•and filed with the commission at
Washington' prior to. the, hour: of clos
ing business. July" 6,' 1904. ' f
Civil Service Examination.
GRAY BROS. LOCATE
ANOTHER QUARTZ CLAIM
At the last meeting of the sub-com
mittees having in charge the picnic of
the Ancient Order of Hibernians to 4>e
held at Schuetzen Park July 4 prog
ress was reported on' all lines. T. P.
O'Dowd, chairman of- the committee
on games, reported that he had all his
assistants apointed'for the day. '
John II. Dolan, chairman of the
committee on refershments, reported
that | the following division presidents
had each sent in two names of mem
bers to assist him: DIvision'No.* 2, M.
Dolan; No. 3, Frank Donohue; No. 5,"
J. Connell, D. McMahon; No. 6, Wil
liam Casserly, Denis Learey ; No. 7,
Jim O'Donnell, J. Barret; No.' 8, B.
Harding, Jamea Ryan; No. 9, P. Man
ning, J. Lawlor; No. *' 10, James J.
Eheehy, Daniel Creedon, C. O'Neill;
No. 11, T. F. Berkley, John H. Hoi-,
land, T. Moffitt; . No. .: 12, . 'Laurence
Barry, J. P. Dignan; No. 14, D. E. Col
lins. It Is expected this committee
will be filled to-morrow night at the
regular meeting of the I county board
of directors. / -.-> y. 'f ':'?•¦?¦¦¦ .¦-.
in Charsce.
Reports Are Made by the Committees
Having: the Affair
HIBERNIANS PREPARING
FOR ANNUAL CELEBRATION
A telephone, according to order, .was
placed in the office of T. Martin Smith,
dentist, at 406,Sutter street, and. the
instrument was allotted the number of
James 241. Unfortunately both the
name of Smith and the number of his
phone were omitted S from the tele
phone directory and the dentist is
greatly aggrieved. W*t says that by
reason of the omission his patients are
liable to infer that he has moved his
office or gone oui~ of. business, all of
which damages him In. the sum of
$5000. Yesterday he brought 'suit for
that amountagainst the Pacific States
Telephone and Telegraph Company.
Dentist Sues for $5000 Damages Be
cause of Omission in the Com
¦ = pany's - Directory.
HIRES A TELEPHONE, BUT.
NAME IS NOT IN THE BOOK
Sidney M. Ehrman Is Entertained by
Garret McEnerney, His Pro-..? —i
fessional Associate.
A luncheon was given at the St.
Francis Hotel yesterday by Garret
W. McEnerney in honor of Sidney M.
Ehrman, whose engagement to Miss
Hellman, daughter of I. W. Hellman
of the Nevada National Bank, has
been announced. The marriaee will
take place next Tuesday. Mr. Ehr
man has been associated with Mr.
McEnerney for a number of years.
Those present were as follows:
Sidney M. Ehrman. W. S. Goodfellow;
E. S. Heller, W. P. Lawlor, M. C.
Slos3, John S. Drum, Oscar Sutro, F.
H. Dunne, T. F. Graham, Murray F.
Vandall, J. C. McKlnstry.' Hugh Good
fellow, Alfred Sutro, R. W. Harrison,
W. B. Bosley. F. H. Kerrigan, F. J.
Murasky, John P. Coghlan, J. J. Bar
rett, Frank L. Fenton. Walter Roth
child, Joseph H. Mayer. Thomas D.
Davidson, L. Foster Young, G. W. Mc-
Enerney. C. J. Heggarty, W. F. Hum
phrey, H. W. Bradley. James L. Robi
son, Frank C. Cleary. Edward I. Cof
fey, John O'Gara. Bert Schlesinger.
GUEST AT LUNCHEON" OX
EVE OF inS MARRIAGE
The compensation of the other em
ployes affected by the change in the
'salary roll were adjusted to the stand
ard of those of other mints. This
change necessitated the abolishing of
two positions — those . of memorandum
clerk and transfer clerk. The pay of
all the clerks transferred to the salary
roll was fixed at $1600 per year, which
is the same as that of the minor clerks
already on the salary roll. This is. a
raise of $33 per year. The only other
material reduction was that of the
chief doorkeeper, who suffered a reduc
tion of $277 per year, and the \ other
doorkeepers, who were cut $255 a year.
The compensation of the workmen, or
helpers, who constitute the bulk of , the
employes of the Mint, was not affected
by this order.
George E. Roberts, director., of
mints, arrived from Washington ; last
night and is staying at the Palace. He
said he came here simply on his an
nual tour of inspection and- to partici
pate in the work of counting the "coin
In. the, local' mint. _
Section two of the appropriation bill
fixes the compensation of watchmen,
assistant messengers, firemen and la
borers, which has In the case of the
watchmen reduced their pay $375 per
year, or from $3 per day for each day
in the year to 5720 per year. /The fire
men are reduced from $3 50 per day to
5720 per year, and the laborers from
$2 50 and $3 per day to $GCO per year.
It seems that these are the salaries
that prevail at all other branches of the
Treasury Department, and Congress
has taken the view that all should be
uniform.
i A stir was caused at the United
j States Mint yesterday, when orders
| were received from the Treasury De
partment at Washington reducing the
j wages of many of the employes. It has
j been the custom for many years past
for the salaries of certain employes to
be cut down or their services dispensed
with whenever pressure of work be
j came greater in other branches of the
| Mint. Congress objected to this meth
j od some time since, and the auditor of
the Treasury Department upheld that
body. The local Mint authorities are
therefore compelled to await word from
the national capital in order to change
j the salary schedule. "
The Judge in dismissing the Lou
Sing case EaJd that some men who be
came vested in a llttl«. brief authority
abused that authority, as in the case3
under discussion, and by that means
were more dangerous to the peace of
the community than a whole shipload
of Louie Poys.
Judge Dunne took occasion again
yesterday to criticize the actions of
members of the Police Department
when the case of Lou Sing, charged
ivlth.an assault to commit murder, for
shooting at Louie Poy on Baker alley
on March 29, was called to be dismissed
on motion of the District Attorney.
Lou Lee, charged with ehooting at
Kam Chin at the same place and time.
had been tried abo-ut ten days ago and
the Jury had acquitted him. Several
policemen had testified for the defense
to the effect that the character of the
complaining witness was bad. The
Judge severely reflected upon the offi
cers for bo testifying from what he
deemed .unworthy motives and he com
mented generally upon the consistent
perjury In Chinese cases.
Yesterday Attorney Carpenter said
lie understood that the Judge had
questioned the rood faith of the prose
cution in the Lou Lee case. The law
yer desired to demur to any such criti
cism. Th» Judge assured him that he
had been misinformed as he had never
called In question the good faith of
the prosecution. Attorney Frank G.
Drury for the defense said that the
officers had simply done their duty and
he was prepared to prove by the same
witnesses that Louie Poy was also a
notorious highbinder and ' dangerous
character.
New Order From Washing
ton Affects Only a Small
Portion of. the Force
Dunne Says Some Are More
Dangerous to Community
Than the Highbinders
A motion was made, before Judge
Lawlor yesterday for a new trial in
the case of Edward Richards, charged
with murder, but convicted by a jury
of manslaughter. He shot and killed
Joseph Martini, saloon-keeper, 623
Pacific street, on January 6, during a
dispute about the payment for two
bottles of beer.
In connection with the motion af
fidavits were filed by two of the ju
rors who tried the case, Frederick
Stallman and Peter Anthes. Stallman
averred 'that the instructions of the
court were bo long and the Judge
spoke in so low a tone of voice that
he was un&ble to hear the instructions
fully. Peter Anthes averred • that he
only heard part of the instructions
read owing to" the clatter rnaUe by
passing cars and vehicles and the low
tone of the Judge's voice.
Affidavits were also filed by the
other jurors declaring that about
twenty-six ballots were taken, the jury
being divided as to the degree of the
crime, and that the verdict "Sf man
slaughter was * a compromised The
matter was continued for a week.
Were Delivered in an In
audible Tone.
Two Aver That Judge's Instructions
JURORS FFLE AFFIDAVITS
IX THE RICHARDS CASE
MINT EMPLOYES'
WAGES REDUCED
JUDGE SCORES
POLICE FORCE
Barrow at - the risk of his own life
waded waist deep in the mire to afd
Roberts, who by this time was more
dead than alive, as • the buggy had
gradually settled in the deep slush,
holding him , a prisoner. Roberts had
great difficulty in keeping his head
above the -level, and soon would have
smothered had not Barrow and Shaver
happened along to rescue him.
BarrOw, with the assistance of Shav
er, who in ' the meantime had carried
Miss O'Keefe to a place of safety, man
aged .to "lift* the rig and liberate Rob
erts. Barrow then carried Roberts to
the highway and instructed Shaver to
drive-both Roberts and Miss O'Keefe to
l£ Martin's place, a quarter of a mile
distant, where willing hands adminis
tered restoratives. Barrow In the mean
time again- waded into the mire and re
leased the horse. By that time help ar
rived from Martin's and the vehicle
finally was got on dry land.. Miss
O'Keefe and Roberts were by that time
able to resume their jo-urney.
Barrow and Shaver tried to keep the
affair quiet, but it leaked out to-day.
Roberts and Miss O'Keefe, who have
been summering in Mill Valley with
their parents; drove to Sausalito a few
evenings ago to visit friends, and were
returning to" Mill Valley when the ac
cident occurred.
When near ¦ Manzanita their horse
took fright, became unmanageable and
plunged into a swamp to the right of
the road.' The rig overturned before
either of the occupants could jump, and
they were pinned underneath. The horse
struggled frantically to free himself,
causing j the vehicle to sink deeper In
the mire.' Miss O'Keefe finally man
aged to get clear of the -buggy and
screamed for help.
Barrow and Shaver had driven from
Sausalito to Mill Valley early in the
evening and were driving back to catch
the 12:05, p. m. ¦ train for San Rafael
wfien they heard Miss O'Keefe's cries
for help and hurried to. the rescue.
SAN RAFAEL, June 25.— But for the
heroic efforts of S. B. Shaver and Al
Barrow of San Rafael. George Roberts
and Miss F. O'Keefe, both of San Fran
cisco, probably would have perished in
a swamp n'ear Manzanita Point, three
miles above. Sausalito. ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call
WELL KNOWN TOT'NG ATTORNEY "WHO HAS FLED FROM THE CITT TO ES
CAPE THE IMPORTUNITIES OF CREDITORS AND THE RESULTS OF HIS
DESIUE TO BE A "GOOD FELLOW."
Two San Franciscans Nar
rowly Escape Death in a
Swamp in Marin County
HELP REACHES
THEM IN TIME
SALINAS, June 25.— Fearful of the
results of an operation for appendicitis,
the Rev. Charles Montgomery Hoge,
one of the most widely known clergy
men of the State and the Episcopal
minister in charge of the King City
and Jolon districts, committed suicide
by blowing out his brains with a re
volver early this morning: at his home
near New Monterey. The deceased,
who was eccentric in his actions, was
told on Thursday that he would have
to submit to an operation, and it is
thought he became insane brooding
over it. He was a native of Arkansas,
71 years of age.
Dr. Hoge came to this State from
Texas during the early '50's and settled
near Salinas. In 1860 he was ordained
a minister by the "Pacific annual con
ference of the Methodist church South,
and left that denomination in 1863 to
join the" Episcopal church. Some thlrty
flve years ago his wife, who survives
him, became Insane, but since 1ST0 she
hsa been kept at home under, his sur
veillance. She is mildly insane, and the
fear that harm would tome to her also
added to his worry. On leaving the
Methodist church he was the recipient
of commendatory resolutions. He -was
highly respected, and his tragic end has
cast a gloom over the community. The
verdict of the Coroner's jury la that
Dr. Hoge committed suicide while tem
porarily Insane.
Rev. Charles M. Hoge Com
mits Suicide at His
Home Near New Monterey
Dr. Stoll. and Dr. Blake had offices
with Dr. Decker in the Phelan building.
The first two named were wrangling
constantly. On October 16, 1902, an an
gry altercation arose between the two
men, and at the conclusion of the quar
rel Blake had two bullets iA his body.
He died from the effects of his wounds
a few days later and Dr. Stoll was ar
rested on the charge of murder. ..' .
The question on which the court splits
Is whether the plea of twice in jeopardy
should apply in the case at bar. Jus
tices Lorigan, Shaw, Henshaw and Me
Farland agree that the defendant was
not in jeouardy* In, the meaning of the
law. Chief Justice Beatty reserves his
opinion on this question, and Justices
Angellotti'and Van Dyke hold that the
jury verdict is a bar to another trial.
QUARREIi CAUSES SHOOTING.
"The • sole question presented Is
whether the court had au/}iorlty to give
such a direction to the jury. We are
satisfied it had not, and that the order
to that effect Is not only erroneous, but
void." It was erroneous because under
no circumstances is the court author
ized in a criminal case to direct a jury
to return any particular verdict. It
can simply advise them to do so, an
advice which they are not bound to fol
low."
The jury acquitted Dr. Stoll, the Dis
trict Attorney having previously, taken
exceptiop to the ruling. Attorney Gen
eral Webb then appedeld. The Supreme
Court after citing the facts in the case
says:
The Supreme Court has decided that
Dr. Benjamin F. Stoll must again be
tried on the charge of murdering his
former' business associate, Dr. Robert
Blake. Judge Cook's order directing
the jury to return a verdict of acquittal
is reversed. District Attorney Bying
ton' states that he will immediately pro
ceed with the prosecution. Dr. Stoll is
not under bail, but will furnish bonds
when rearrested. The case is unique in
California jurisprudence, in that the
State appealed from. a jury verdict of
acquittal. Two Justices dissent from
the majority opinion, but all agree that
Judge Cook's ruling was erroneous.
When the case had been brought to
trial in the Superior Court Assistant
District Attorney Ashe made the usual
statement of what the prosecution in
tended to show. Hiram Johnson, "Dr.
Stoll's attorney, then moved the court
to acquit the defendant. Judge Cook
instructed the jury as follows:
"Gentlemen, on the admitted facts in
this case, as stated to you by the Dis
trict Attorney and admitted by the
counsel for the .defendant, you have
heard the discussion that has "taken
place here by counsel and the court,
and I direct you to find a verdict for the
defendant, for the reason, in my opin
ion, under the facts of. the case as ad
mitted the homicide admitted to have
taken place was justiable." '
ORDER IS VOID. >
Majority Rules That Den
tist Stoll Has Never Beeii
in Jeopar(lJ Within the
Meaning of the • Law
• SEVENTH ' RACE — Mile and ihree-eix
teenthii; three-year-olds and up:
• Betting. Horse, Weight* Jockey. St. ft Fin.
5 to 2— Thane. 112 {Crawford).. 4 1^15
r. h to fl — Hymcttus,' 90 (J.Hennes) 825 2 5
12 to W-Trlo.- 1011 (Howcll). . . . ; . « 3 5' 3 5
¦Time,* 2:05*4.. Start good. -Won easily. Win
ner, J. C.'Mllani & Co.'b ch.g. (5) by Athellng-
Stone Crop.' S trader 104, Memphian 103, Brood
•Icr < 104, s Goo - Goo • OS, Lynch -104. finished aa
named. 1 , v ,• .,.•-. -
¦ SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds:
Betting.- Home, Weight, Jockey. St. %- Fin.'
2 to 1— Woodlands, 10S (J. Daly) 1 1 nk 1 n
4 to 5— Dishablll. 105 (Henry).. 4,2 2 2 7
lOtd'l — PrincessVDrna,105(D.Aus) 3 --.3 8 3 2.1
¦ Time. 1 :03>£.' Start good. Won driving.
Winner, B. Schrelber*s b. er. (2) by Saln-MIss
Marion. ' Abelard : 103. A. ! Muskoday 103, fin
ished as named. •; . . •'¦_'.
~ FIFTH RACE — Seven furlongs; "three-year
olds: •' - . .
Betting. • Horse, Weight, Jockey: St. % Fin.
Even —Forehand, 103 (D. Austn) 3 2 3 1
13 to 5— Frank Collins, 100 (Pow) 2 1 1V42 15
6 «o 1— Montebank, 103 (W.FIsh) 4 4 3 3
-Time, 1:32 Vi. Start . good. /Won -.driving.
Winner. G. C. Bennett & Cxj.'s'ch. c.-(3) by
Handsel-Forseen. ' Mord-ella, 98, also ran. ¦ .
•¦-¦Time,. 2:OUV 2 . ' Start good. Won easily.
Winner,' C. E. Rowe & Co.'s b.'. m. (5) by
Meddler-Sprlnstlde. Judge Hlmes 105 Gold
Heels 120, Six Shooter 112, Bernayn"10O. Old
Stone 62. , Sambo 07, Fly Ins, Torpedo 101,
Wltf ul 10S, Bugler 8«, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One and a quarter mires
three-year-olds and up; World's Fair handicap
Betting. Horae. Weight,- Jockey. St. <K' Fin.
5 to lr-Colonial Glrl,\ l»7. (Booker) 4, 1 1. 1 3
2 to 1— Hermis. 130 (Redfern) . . . T 2 5 2 «
15 to 1— Moharib, 103 (Fisher) ; : .11 3 3 3 S
THIRD RACE— Stx furlongs; three-year
old^ and, up:
Betting. Horse, Weight^ Jockey.' St. *i Fin
4 to 1— Joe Goss, 104 (Ivers)....5 22 1 h
12 to -1— Jerry Hunt. 107 (Austin) 2 52 2 3
4 to 1 — Wolfram, 100 (StovaI),.>-9 7 2 3 V,
.'Time, '1:19%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. F. F. Lewis' ch. g. (7) by Lysander-
VantlaliKht. -dales 107, King Fox ¦ II !H, 3id
Sliver 100, Preakness 06, Radium 02. Evening
Star 108, Velasquez 107, finished as named.
SECOND RACE— One mile and seventy
yards; three-year-olds and ui>:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin
2 to 1— Lady Fonse, 87 (Anderson) 5 13 l l "
Even— Wall. lOU (Wolffe) . . . . 4 43 o n8
5 to 1— Gen. Prig," 103 (Davis) 8 8 1 3 1
.Time. -1:55. • Start good. Won driving.
W inner. . L. H. Ezell's ch. f. (3) by Morte
Fonse-Lone Princess. Jim Winn 104 Ea«ter
Walters S3, Faqulta 101, Sister Wl'llan 1)8.
Charley Grainger 109."- Burrows DO. finished as
named. . • . .
Colonial Girl, cleverly ridden by A.
W. Booker, had overhauled him before
the turn for home was made and was
going away. Fisher, onlMoharib, then
made his move. His mount responded
gamely, but was not enough to get to
the fast tiring Hermis. The -horses
passed the wire with Colonial Girl,
under raps, three lengtha^ahead.
After the race Otto Stif?l- presented
$10,000 to Jockey Booker.'-* Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up : j .-"*»¦,•"
Bettlngr. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin
13tol-G. Two Shoes. 108 (Asln) 6 1 h 13
5 to 2— Selected. 85 (Blake) 5 44 2 ns
5 to 1— Sol Smith, 92 (Hennessey) 1 - 2 6 3 10
£ 1 w°- K star . 1 good - Won easll y- Wln 
ner W. W. Davis' ch. m. (4) by Onondagra-
Swlfuure. Bride 87. JMaud Wallace 105.
Blumenthal 92. Eshereori. 07. Santlssrtma 103,
Atlas 1 87, Federalist 107, Algonquin »6. Royal
Deceiver 108, finished as named.
Passing the stand the first time Her
mia was leading by four lengths, run
ning easily, with Colonial Girl a length
ahead of Moharib and Gold Heels,
whose bad began to
bother him, fourth. The others were
running well bunched behind the three
leaders. up the long run down
the back stretch Hermis showed the
way, leading by_ six lengths, with
Colonial Girl runnirtg easily and a
length ahead of Moharib, Six Shooter
fifth and Bernays, clearly outrun,
ninth. Hermis carried the field to the
half in :50&, a terrific pace for a slow
track. Colonial Girl still hung on,
running well within herself. Moharib
was third and Sambo. fourth.
At the three-quarter pole Hermis
seemed to have the race at his mercy,
but little Booker, noticing that the
Eastern horse faltered and was tiring,
sent Colonial Girl after him. Redfern
felt his mount tire under him and
struck him twice with the whip as the
St. Louis mare ran up alongside of
him. Hermis shot out into the lead
again, but it was his dying effort.
Colonial Girl was surely and speedily
overhauling him.
COLONIAL GIRL DRAWS AWAY.
As they rounded into the stretch a
cry went up from the sixty thousand
spectators, "Colonial Girl wins!" "Her
mis has - enough!" Surely enough
Hermis had shot his bolt.
HERMIS IN THE LEAD.
After a delay of seven minutes at
the post, caused by the restlessness of
Bugler, /Moharib and Flying Torpedo,
Starter A. B. Dade caught the field
in alignment and released the barrier.
Redfern, on Hermis, was the quickest
to get his mounjt in motion, followed
closely by Gold -.Heels, Moharib and
Colonial - Girl. Redfern immediately
shot his mount to the outside of the
track, where the going was better, fol
lowed closely by \ Gold Heels and
Moharib.
ST. LOUIS, June 25! — Colonial Girl,
by Meddler-Springtide, five years old,
owned by Otto Stifel of St. Louis, run
ning in the name of C. E. Rowe &
Co., won the Worlds' Fair handicap
to-day at the Fair Grounds in 2:09*2.
The Eastern champion, Hermis, was
Second, three lengths away; Moharib,
owned by John W. Schorr, was six
lengths behind him. Colonial Girl won
the race easily.
The World's Fair handicap was at
one and a quarter miles and was worth
541,500'to the winner. The track was
in fair condition and about six seconds
slow. . . ,
While the elder McConaghy is
strong in the defense of his son before
strangers, he has intimated that this
is the prodigal's last chance.
McConaghy was at one time a promis
ing young attorney, but the desire to
be a "good fellow" overshadowed his
ambitions for a career. He found t!he
red lights and their, associations' glow
more inviting than the midnight oil
'and dry legal lore'. He sold a notary
ship he once held for a song and aban
doned everything for the pursuit of
pleasure.
The rumor that Neil McConaglly
had been Involved in some shady
financial transactions just before his
departure was indignantly denied Jay
McConaghy Sr. yesterday. The father
said: "The story that my son misap
propriated money belonging to me or
to anybody else is absolutely false.
He is still in the State and I know
exactly where to find him."
The young attorney's mother, said:
"My son has wronged nobody. Of
course we know where he is. His
father wrote to him to-day. When
my son returns — we expect him short
ly — he will not be afraid of anybody."
Neil McConaghy, formerly an attor
ney, with an office in the Mills building,
has fled from this city, leaving behind a
small army of bill collectors gnashing
their teeth as they view the sign,
"Away on business," on his office door.
Two of his creditors, H. H. Taylor,
manager of the Mills building, and
Carl Elfving, a money lender, have
locked horns over McConaghy's law
library.
• It seems that the attorney, owing
Elfving $150 on a note and having
against him $125 in back rent for the
Mills building office, had given both
the money lender and the building
agent liens on the books. Then he
left several weeks ago for parts un
certain—friends say for Placerville.
When the creditors quarreled over
the library, N. McConaghy Sr., father of
the missing lawyer and reputed to be
wealthy, came to the rescue. He set
tled the demands and rescued the
library. On his own statement this is
not the first time he has had to rescue
his extravagant son, but now he firmly
declares that it will be the last.
Attorney Hugh O'Neil. in whose
hands young McConaghy left his affairs
when he departed, says the absent
lawyer is in Placerville, partly on busi
ness, partly for his health. When the
prodigal returns it is said he will jturn
over another traditional new leaf and
open a law office in Alameda.
JUSTICES- FAIL TO -
AGKEE'ON ONE POINT
$10,000.
Successful Jockey
Gets a Fee of S
Supreme Court Says That
Judge Cook Had No Eight
to Order JEjiry to Acquit
Slayer of Robert Blake
Young Attorney's
Father Squares
th<5 Debts^
Hermis Leads to
the Turn for
' the Wire. /
Neil McConaghy Is
Missed by His
Creditors.
SET FREE
ONCE, MUST
BE RETRIED
AMBITION TO BE A GOOD FELLOW
RUINS PROMISING LAWYER'S CAREER
WORLD'S FAIR HANDICAP WON HANDILY
BY LIGHTLY WEIGHTED MEDDLER MARE
COLONIAL GIRL DEFEATS VALIANT HERMIS IN YEAR'S STAKE
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY/ JUNE, 26, 1904.
Pages 35 to 48
Pages35to48
COLONIAL GIHL. WINNEK OF THE
WORLD'S FAIR HANDICAP. THE
RICHEST RACE OF THE YEAR.
KILLS HIMSELF
WHILE INSANEContest With Jimmy Britt
Is Placed in Jeopardy by
the Denver Man's Action
HE NEEDS MONEY BADLY
Former Champion Will Not
Wait Till November Before
Entering the King Again
CORBETT WANTS
TO FIGHT SOON
Delegates from the camps of various
cities of the '\ State met last ' night at
the ¦ First . Regiment - Armory, \ Gough
and -Page streets,' for the purpose of
electing a State commander for the
Department, of California, United
Spanish '. War . * Veterans. Colonel
Thomas F.' O'Neil 'read a letter from
National Commander * McGrue stating
that 'the muster had hot been received
from v air the .California* camps;. and
therefore . no election could be 1 , held.
This was a cause of disappointment to
many, delegates who had , come ' to , San"
Francisco • to attend ' the . convention.
After discussing the , letter the meeting
adjourned.'- - '
Fail to Hold Election.:'
John Conlin, a dishwasher, 42 years
of age. Jumped from the roof of the
three-story building at .64 1 Commer
cial street. yesterday afternoon and re
ceived injuries from iwhlch he died ,a
few hours later. y had been ad
dicted to the use of morphine and had
been trying to rid himself of the habit.
The straln ; was evidently too much, as
yesterday afternoon he walked to the
roof of the building in which he was
employed and a 'moment .later, was,
seen to fall. His body struck the'tele
graph wires in Its ' descent '-.V At the
Receiving Hospital it • was f oun'd that
he was suffering from Internal injuries
and morphine poisoning. "The' body
was< taken in charge by relatives. . ¦
Jumps From Building:.
Falls Down Light Well.
Tim Scully, a watchman In a build-
Ing under construction at the corner
of Stelriter and Fulton streets, fell down
a light well last night from the second
story Into the basement of the struc
ture, a distance of thirty feet. Luckily
he escaped serious injury. He was re
moved to the Central Emergency Hos
pital, where It was found that he had
sustained a dislocation ''of the right
hip and two lacerated wounds of the
scalp. ScuJly resides "near Glen Park
arid is over 60 years of age.
Timely Batting and Costly Errors
Prove Downfall of Southerners.
PORTLAND, June 25. — Portland
won to-day's game from Los Angeles
by a streak of lucky batting, together
with a couple of costly errors. by the
Los, Angeles Infield. Both Baum and
Butler pitched good ball, Butler hav
ing a shade the better of it. Attend
ance 4500. Score:
Los Angeles — Portland —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Toman.e. 4 0 0 2 3 Nadau.lf 4 1.2 70
F1ood,2b. 3 0 0 0 4 M'Cde.rf 3 0 0 2 0
; Fml th.:;b 4 0 0 2 2 Drnan.cf 4 O 1 2 0
Bernrd.cf 10 0 1 O Beck,lb. 4 0 18 0
¦vVhelr.cf 2 0 10 O|Frncls.8b 4 0 12 1
, Cravth.rf 4 0 0 3 0'Ca«tro,2b 3 1 1 0-0
Chase.lb 3 O 1 11 OJRaymds 3 10 3 3
Rosa.lf.. 2 0 11 0 Stlmanic 3 113 0
Sple«.c.. 3 O.I" 3 2lButler,p. 3 0 2 0 3
Baum p. 3*0 0 10
Totals. 31 4 9 27 7
Totals.29 0 4 24 11 -
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland 0 0 3 1 00 0 0 x — 4
Base hit 0 14 2 0 10 1 x— 9
Los Angelea. 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0. 0 — 0
Base hits 0 0 0 12 0 0 0 1 — 1
SUMMARY. ,
i Sacrifice hit — McCreedle. Errors — Raymond.
I Torr.an. Cravath. Stolen bases — Flood, • Ross
(2). Drennan, Spies. Bases on balls — Oft But
ler 4, off Baum 2. Struck out— By Butler 2.
by Baum 2. Two-base hit — Francis. Left on
bases — Portland 6, Los Angeles 7. First base
on errors — Portland 1, Los Angelec 1. Time
of game — 1 hour and 30 minutes. Umpire—
O'ConnelL _,:-. -
AXGELS BLAXKED BY BROWNS.
It was anything but pleasant on the
links at Golden Gate Park yesterday
afternoon, but a few of the more en
thusiastic bowlers were on hand and
some good games were played.
Only one tournament match was de
cided and in it Thomas McNaught won
rather easily from J. M. Duncan. The
score was 21 to 13.
Nearly all of the practice games
played were won by a single point
They resulted as follows: •
D. Dalzlel beat E. J. Clinton. 21 to
20; H. I* Tickner and J. C. Moffatt
beat James Gray and Dr. Gunn. 21 to
14; E. C. Medeau and T. McNaught
beat J. Reid and Moffatt, 21 to 20; M.
L. Crowe and Medeau beat Joseph
Gray and J. Reid. 21 to 7; M. L. Crow
and Mcdeuu beat Gray and Reid, 21
to 20. >
McXAUGHT BOWLS A STEADY
GAME AGAINST J. M. DUXCAX
Second race, five furlongs, selling-
Bell Reed won, Nanon second, John
Boggs third.' Time, l.:01>4.
Third race, four furlongs, selling-
Billy Mahon won. Queen T second,
Ulctma third. Time. :47&.
Fourth race,' one mile and fifty yards,
selling— Pat Morrlssey won. Kitty Kel
ly second, Phyz third. Time, 1:44%.
Fifth race, one. arid a quarter miles,
Seattle Derby— Blue Eyes, 105 (H.
Smith), 5 to 1, won; Gateway. 114
(Crosswalte), even, second; George
Berry, 112 (H. Stuart), 11. to 1, third.
Time, VM&:
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— Matt
Hogan "> won, . Hindoo Princess second,
Hlpponax third. Time, 1:14.
" Seventh race, . one mile, selling—II
llluon won, Patonlus second, Forest
King third. Time, 1:40%.
First race, five and a half furlongs,
selling— Young Pepper won, Box Elder
second, Louise Melnlng third. Time,
l:0»&.
SEATTLE, June 25.— Blue Eyes,
owned by H. Sheridan, won the Seat
tle Derby to-day, defeating both
George Berry and Gateway and break
ing the track record for the distance
one and a quarter miles. Her time was
2:0SVi, which is four seconds faster
than that made by Horatius," which
won the stake last year. Gateway was
badly knocked about and weakly rid
den. Jockey H. Smith- rode a fine race
on the winner. Ten thousand persons
witnessed the running. Summary:
The Filly Breaks the Track Record
for the Distance Held by
Horatius.
SEATTLE DERBY IS VVOX
BY SIFERIDAX'S BLUE EYES
Merchant JIariners, Captained by tne
! Chaplain of Seamen's Institute,
\V< Play Good Game.
A team of twelve rnen, representing
the Pacific, Cricket Club, played an In
teresting 'match 'yesterday on the
grounds at Webster,' street, Alameda,
against a team of apprentices from
British vessels now in port. The Rev.
S. H. Wingfleld-DIgby, chaplain of the
Seamen's Institute, captained the sail*
ors" team, which included the*Rev. r»
J. Evans, the rector of Grace Church.
The Pacific team "went to the bat
first and when five wickets had fallen
for 135 runs. Dr. O. N. Taylor and
H. C. Casldy 'being pot out, the Inning
was called. The sailors were put In.
but none except McArthur (14) and
the Rev. S. H. W. Digby (36, not. out)
made any stand and the inning ter
minated'at about 6:25 p. m. for a total
of 81 runs. A fair number of spec
tators, among whom were several la
dles, watched the game. W. Jamiesoh
was the most successful of the Pacific
bowlers, capturing 6 wickets for 8
runs. Each team consisted of twelve
men. The full details follow:
.PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB. . :
F. Lewln, c. Hall, b. Watson... 20
H. N. Storrs, c. sub.Z b. Digby.... 2
J. J. Theobald, b. PodmoreJ. 29
W. Balnavea, c. WaUon, b. Digby 10
D. Jamlc-son, b. Eubank.... • 23
O. N. Taylor, not out 17
H. C. Casidy, not out 21
B. M. Altman. T. J. A. Tiedemann. H.
Roberta, E. II. Lannowe and A. W.
Wilding did not bat
Byea 7, leg byes 3, wldes 3 13
Total for five wickets ;......... 135 j
Runs at the fall of each wlckrt — One for 6,
two for 48, three for SS. four for 94. five for 05.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler — ¦ B. M. R. W.
J. Eubank..: 60 2 20 1
S. H. W. Digby 7S 1 56 2
W.Watson.... -....36 1 8 1
W. Podmor* S6 0 . 26 . 1
W. H. Holland... IS 0 2 0
D. J.' Evans 12 , .. 9 ...
• Eubank, Watson and Holland bowled one
wide ball each. .
REV. S. H. W. DIGBY-S TEAM.
J. Eubank.' b. Jamleson •• .">
W. H. Holland, c. Taylor, b. Jamleaon.... 1
Rev. D. J. Evans,," 1. b. w., b. Lannowe.. 6
A. W. Brock, 1. b. w., b. Jamleson 0
Rev. S. H. W. Digby, not out '..•."", 36
W. I Podmore, b. Lannowe 0
L. Thompson. . b. Lewln 5
J. Hall. c. Taylor, b. Casidy 1
W. Thomas, b. Storrs 4
W. D. McArthur. c. 'Casidy, b. Jamleson. 14
W. Watson, b. Jamleson ' 1
W. Swan, b. Jamleson 0
Byes 4, leg byes 4.......... 8
Total ......:..... .................... 81
Runs at. the fall of each wicket — One for 3,
two for 13, three for 13, tout for - 13. five for
13, six for 21, seven for 25, eight for 33, nine
for 7S, ten for. 80, eleven for 81.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— """"Balls. Maid. Runs. Wick.
W. Jamleson 35' 2 b 6
E. H. Lannowe.... 24 ' 1 11 2
H. C. Casidy...... .24 o 0 1
F. Lewln * 24 1 7 1
H. N. Storra ....... 80 0 21 1
O. N.'Taylor ...... 30 0' 13 0
H. RoberU ........ 6 ' 0 • 2. 0
To-day \ there will be a match be
tween j married and single, the teams
being picked up on the grounds at Ala
meda. . ; , . -' •¦".- •.'•• ¦;,'.
New York Americans Beat the Bos
tons Before a Crowd of
10,000 Fans.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(National League.) i (American League.)
W.L. Pet. * W.L. Pet.
New York.... 40 16 .lit Boston 35 20.036
Chicago 34 10 .642! New York 33 21.611
Cincinnati ..85 21 .«25 Chicago 33 24 .570
PHUburg ...29 27 .518 Philadelphia .30 24 .558
St. Louis 26 28 AM Cleveland 28 25.510
Brooklyn IK* 36 .330' St. Louis 23 i-tJ .4SM)
Boston 22 35 .386 Detroit 23 30.4.11
Philadelphia .13 40 .245 Washington . 9 44.170
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
DETROIT Jnne 25. — While Mullin was pui
zling the Chicago batters to-day the locals
were hitting Owen in profitable bunches. Both
sides fielded well. Attendance, 4000. Score:
R. H. E.
Detroit • • * 12 1
Chicago 2 ,6 0
Batteries^ — Mullin and Buelow; Owen and
Sullivan.
BOSTON, June 25. — One. of the largest base
ball crowds ever assembled In thi« city saw
the American Ltairue leaders go down to de
feat before New York to-day. Young's lack
of *?eed and Williams' fast work at second
were the princinal cause of Boston's defeat.
Attendance, 16.000. Score: •
R. H. E.
New York 5 11 1
Boston 3 10 2
Batteries — Chesbro and McGuire; Young and
Criger.
PHILADELPHIA. Junis 25.— Towssend was
effective to-day until the seventh Inning. wh«n
be gave two bases on balls and was hit safe
ly four times for five runs. Attendance. tHOO.
Score:
R., H. E.
Washington 3 0 2
Philadelphia. 6 1» 2
natteries— Townsend and Clark; . Waddell
and Schreck." • '
BT. I.OTJIS. June 25.— The St. Louis team
defeatfed thecClevrtands here to-day. The lo
cals sounded Donahue, while Howell wae ef
fective in all but the second inning. -Attend
ance, 4000. Score:
i'\ui B. H. E.
St. Louis 5 10 1
Cleveland ., 2 6 0
/Batteries — Howell and Sugden; Donahue and
Bemls.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
NEW^YORK. June 25.— New York defeated
Philadelphia at the Polo grounds to-day.
McPherson was a bit wild. Wiltse succumbed :
to McGlnnity and the latter was hit several
times eafely. Attendance SOOO. Score:
R. H.1 E.
Philadelphia 0 13 2
New York 9 12 6
Batteries — McPherson, Dooin and Roth;
Wiltse. McGlnntty and Warner. Umpirer-
Emslie.
CINCINNATI. June 25.— Corbett was the
easiest sort of a proposition for the locals to
day, .alt but one of the hits made off him
being clean drives. Attendance 5200. Score:
. R. H. - E
Cincinnati 10 , 14 2
St. Louis 2 8, 2
Batteries-:— Harper, Krllum and Schlel; Cor
bett and McLean. ; Umpire — O'Day. • # .
BROOKLYN June 25.— Boston won to-day's
game by good batting. Both pitchers were hit
hard at times, but the hit* of the visitors
counted most. Attendance 4000. ' Score: ' -'
R. H. E.
Boston f) 14 :s
Brooklyn '6 .6 2
Batteries — Willis and Need ham; Cronln and
1 Bergen. Umpire— Johnstone. , ¦
PITTSBURG. June 25.— After pitching an
excellent game up to the ninth inning. Lynch
lost the game by making a wild throw to
first, trying to field Casey's bunt. This al
lowed Slagel to , score and Casey scored on
Smith's wild throw, trying to catch Casey at
third. Attendance 1800. Score:
, R. H. E.
Plttsburg 0 5 3
Chicago ....:......... ...2 3 .1
Batteries — Lynch and Smith;. Briggs • and
Kllng. Umpires — Zlmmer and Moran. !
DETROIT BATSMEX SWING
HARD OX OWEN'S * CURVES
PACIFIC CRICKETERS WIN
FROM BRITISH SAILORS
TACOMA, June 25. — Buchanan led
his team to victory for the first time
this week by his masterly work. Al
though the hits were even, the Oak
land pitcher was steady and effective
at critical times, while Keefe was
wild, two of his bases on balls de
veloping into runs. After Schlafley
was passed O. Graham hit for two
sacks and after Nordyke missed a
grounder both scored.
In the fifth Ganley was given a
ticket to first, took second on a wild
pitch and tallied when Schlafley
singled. Tacoma's run was earned on
Sheehan's two-bagger and Nordyke's
single. After that they could not hit
Buchanan to advantage and he was
supported in faultless style. Oscar
Graham made a splendid catch In the
field, while Casey's work was nothing
short of sensational, he spoiling sev
eral drives which looked good for hits.
By good team work Tacoma cut off
two runs at the plate. Score:
Tacoma — . Oakland —
AB.R. H. P.A.: AB.R. H. P.A.
Doyle, rf 4 0 0 2 0 Ganly. rf 4 1 0 2 0
Bhehn. 3b 3 1 2 4-1 Frocks, s 4 0 1 2 2
Nrdyk.lb 4 0 2 6 0 Krugr. cf 5 0 1 4 0
Eagan. s. 3 0 O 1 1 Shlfly. 2b 3 1 1 2 4
Lynch, cf 3 0 0 4 1 Grahm. If 3 1 1 2 0
M'Lsn, IM il li u 1 Devrx, 3b 3 O 0 12
M'Lgn. If 4 O 0 1 0 Ptrelb. lb 4 0 1 8 O
Grahm, c 4 0 1 6 1 Byrne, c. 3 0 1 6 1
Keefe, p. 3 0 0 0 5 Buchn, p 2 0 0 0 2
Total*. 32 1 6 27 13 ! Totals.iT. ~3 ~6 27 11
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacoma 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 O 0 — 1
Base hits 20010 111 0— 6
Oakland 0 O 0 2 1 0 0 0 0—3
Base hits 1 002 1100 1—6
SUMMARY.
Errors— Casey, Nordyke, C. Graham. Struck
out — By Keefe. 4; by Buchanan. 6.- Bases on
balls — By Keefe, 7; by Buchanan, 1. Hlt>by
pitcher— Eagan. Lynch. Buchanan, Francks.
Wild pitch— Keefe. Stolen base — Sehlafiey.
Two-base hits — Sheeban <:.'). Francks.O.Grahani.
First base on errors — Oakland 2. Left on bases
— Tacoma 7, Oakland 10. Time of game— One
hours and fifty minutes. Umpires — McDonald
and McCarthy. : .
Oakland's Big Twirler Pitches Team
to Victory Against Tigers.
BUCHANAN'S GREAT WORK.
SEATTLE, June 25.vCharlle Hall
pitched a great game this afternoon
against Ban Francisco and scored a
Bhut-out. All the luck was with, the
1 youngster. Every time he got - into a
hole, and he did that on several occa
sions, he either worked out himself or
phenomlnal fielding did the trick for
him. '¦(¦/¦_
Knell was in good form and had the
sluggers guessing until th«*seventh in
ning, when they lined out two three
baggers, a double and a single. These
hits, combined with Knell's muff of a
difficult pop fly, netted four runs and
cinched the game.
Van Haltren surprised the crowd by
throwing a man out at the home plate,
cutting off the run that seemed abso
lutely safe for San Francisco. Tom
Browne continues to umpire fine ball.
Tommy Leahy is back In the game and
Is doing well with the stick. His arm
la much better than it was. Score:
Seattle — . San Francisco—
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
VnHn,er 4 118 llMlller.2b 4 0 0 2 4
Mhler.2b 4 0 2 0 3 Hdbnd.lf 4 0 110
Dlnty,3b 4 111 3 Waldn.cf 4 0 0 2 0
Frisk. If 3 0 0 2 0 Meany.rf 4 0 14 0
Smith, rf 3 0 0 1 0;Irwin,3b 3 0 12 0
Brehr.lb 4 1 2 12 llAndtn.ss 4 0 0 2 1
K.HaI1.89 4 110 3|Trrnsd,lb 3 0 0 6 0
Wilson, c S 0 1 6 O Leahy, c 3 O 2 5 3
C.Hall.p 3 10 2 3 Knell, p. 4 0 1 O 1
Totals. 82 5 8 27 14 Totals. 33 0 0 24 0
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. /
Seattle 0 0 0 10 0 4 0 x— 9
Base hits 1 0 12 0 0 4 0 x-r8
San Francisco ....OOOOOOOO 0 — 0
Base hits O 1 2 0 0 2 1 0 0 — 6
SUMMARY.
Errors — Knell, Anderson. Mohler. 1$. Hall.
Two-base bits — Van Haltren. Leahy. Three
base hits — Brashcar, Wilson. Sacrifice hits—
Brashear. Irwin. Stolen bases — Mohler. Dele
hanty. Hit by pitched ball— By Knell 3.
Bases on balls— Off C. Hall 2. off Knell 1.
Parsed ball— Wilson. Wild pitch— Knell. Left
on bases — Seattle 5, San Francisco 9. Time
of game — 1:40. Umpire— Browne.
(Pacific Coast League.)
W.U Pet. W.I* Pet.
Tacoma, 60 33 .oil Oakland ... .48 39 .641
BeatUo 46 88.648 San Fran 30 48.429
Lo» Asgelea.,47 39 .647 Portland 28 63 .348
ETAJTDINO OF THE CLUBS.
Frank O'Shea has been appointed
secretary and manager of Ingleside
Coursing Park to succeed P. M.
Clarkson. Mr. O'Shea Is a son of Jerry
O'Shea. He has been interested In
coursing from childhood and knows all
the angles of the game. He has a wide
acquaintance among the owners of
greyhounds and should prove a suc
cess m his new position.
Consolation stake— Jessie Dear beat
Trotting Bob, 11-3; Foxhunter beat
Lady Menlo, 10-8; Articulate beat Evil
Eye. 13-6; Lily York beat Flora Temple,
7-2; Manru a bye. J. C. Heenan with
drawn; Advance Guard beat Dartaway,
8-5; The Fiddler beat Pasha Pleasant.
13-8; My Grafter a bye. Northern Alarm
withdrawn; Belfast a bye, Wedgewood
withdrawn; Lily Wright a bye. Lady
Florence withdrawn; Grace Greenwood
beat Lady Russell, 26-8; Yellowtall
beat Monbells, 9-3; Balendine a bye,
Vina withdrawn; Courtly Guest beat
Good Decision, 24-2; Black Swan beat
Northern Lad, 10-5: Doreen a bye, Ml
Amigo withdrawn; Forest Fire beat
Golden Light, 9-6; Sunny South beat
Queen's Motto, 8-2; Gold Lily beat Free
Costa, 10-9; Little Mercy beat Hermit,
10-8.
Following are the day's results, with
Judge Thomas TIerney'a official scores:
Open stake— Red Brick beat Jessie
Dear, 5-4; Lucy Clair beat Trotting
Bob, 10-7; Commercial Traveler beat
Foxhunter, 5-4; Frisky Boy beat Lady
Menlo, 5-2; Queen of Victory beat Evil
Eye, 5-4; Eagle Bird beat Articulate,
8-0; Frank Dunn beat Flora Temple,
10-0; Donnybrook beat Lily York, 10-4;
Our Myra beat J. C. Heenan. 13-7;
Rocklin Boy beat Manru, 14-5; Run
away Actress beat Advance Guard, 7-5;
May Tunnlson beat Dartaway, 7-3;
Prometheus beat Pasha Pleasant, 3-2;
General Fremont beat The Fiddler, 8-2;
Youngs Mountain Belle beat My Graft
er, 32-0; Glaucus beat Northern Alarm,
8-6; Royal Friend" beat .Belfast, 6-2;
Rolling Boer beat Wedgewood, 18-9;
Conroy beat Lily Wright, 4-0; Equator
beat Lady Florence, 11-7; Topsy Turvy
beat Lady Russell, 10-3: Aggie W beat
Grace Greenwood, 4-2; Modest Beauty
beat Monbells, 5-4; Dear Gaston beat
Yellowtall, 5-4; Maid of the Glen beat
Vina, 13-10; Imperious beat Balendine,
4-3; Ruby Sankey beat Courtly duest,
7-2; Mirage beat Good Decision. 20-4.
Roy Hughle beat Northern Lad, 4-0;
Rock Island Minnie beat Black Swan,
5-1; Golden Rule beat Ml Amigo, 8-6;
Golden Garter beat Doreen, 4-2; Jack
Doe beat Golden Light. 11-3; Aurelia
beat Forest Fire, 18-1; Golden Feather
beat Queen's Motto. 10-0; Remlsso Ani
mo beat Sunny South, 7-3; Miss Bruro
mel beat Gold Lily. 21-9; Jerry Wright
beat Free Costa, 16-7; Anna Ryne beat
Little Mercy, 11-8; Peter Mclntyre beat
Hermit, 3-2.
The hares at Ingleside Coursing Park
yesterday were in the best possible
form from a spectator's standpoint,
and many a greyhound was exhausted
trying to run down the fleet-footed
animals. The feature of the day was
the course between Ml Amigo and
Golden Rule. The two dogs chased the
hare for 5 minutes and 60 seconds.
Eight relief dogs were sent to their as
sistance. The. Fiddler furnished the
surprise of the day when he defeated
Pasha Pleasant in the consolation
stake at odds of 5 to 1. v*£
Yonngster Pitches Himself
Out of Several Bad Holes
1 and Thereby Saves Game
The Fiddler Surprises the
Talent at Ingleside by
Beating Pasha Pleasant
GETS "" SUPERB SUPPORT
It was at this point the boys on the
leaders began to ride hard. Irish Lad
was ahead, but O'Neill on Ort Wells
began to gain. He was, however, un
able to head off Irish Lad, which pass
ed under the wire winner by a short
Passing the stand the first time,
Irish Lad was leading by a. head from
Delhi, while Ort Wells was third.
The quarter was covered' in 24 seconds.
Making the turn into the back stretch
BLtiCL coming to the half-mile pole, Delhi
took the lead, with Irish Lad second,
a length back. The time to the half
was :48 2-5. Ort Wells was third, with
Bryn Mawr and Highball close up.
Delhi was still leading at the three
quarters, which was covered in 1:13,
Irish I.ad being in second place and
going easily. Ort Wells was third, and
he, too, was going In a good, easy
stride. The mile was covered in 1:33
flat, the fastest mile run In the Bast
this year.
* Hildebrand on Irish Lad at this
point sent his mount to the front? and
as he flashed past the one and a quar
ter pole In 2:08 the game son of Candel
mas-Arrow Crass was a length ahead
of Ort Wells, which had moved up as
Delhi fell back.
NEW YORK, June 25.— Driven to the
limit in the last few strides, the favor
ite. Irish Lad, won the $15,000 Advance
stakes at Sheepshead. Bay to-day, mak
ing a new world's record of 2:17 3-5
for the dfstance, one'and three-eighths
miles. The best previous record, 2:18%,
was made by Sabine in Chicago on
July 5, 1894. Ort Wells was second and
Bryn Mawr third. The crowd in at
tendance was equal to that of j Sub
urban day.
The field that made up the Advance
stakes was one of the best that ever
faced the starter for this rich purse."
Irish Lad was quoted at the good price
of 5 to 2. The Drake-Gates combina
tion bet heavily on Ort Wells, which
closed at 3 to 1. -Bryn Mawr, winner
of the Brooklyn Derby, was quoted at
7 to 2," while The Picket was held at
4 to 1. The horses were sent away to
a good start. Irish Lad was the first
to show, with Delhi second and Ort
Wells third. The Picket was off in
a -good position, but in the rush for
the rail was interfered with, which
probably accounted for his bad race.
MILE IS COVERED IN 1:38.
EIGHT BELIEF HOUNDS
CHICAGO, June 26. — Despite heavy
showers this morning the track at
Hawthorne was \n fair shape. The at
tendance was light. Port Royal won
the feature race in a drive from Fon
casta. He was pounded down from
6 to 1 to 16 to 5. Ocean Dream led
to the paddock gate, where she took
!the. rail in the worst going. . Port
I Royal and Foncasta then hooked up
in the middle of the track and the two
fought it out to the wire, the Street
horse getting the verdict by a short
neck. Beau Ormonde was a 2 to 1
favorite, but the going was not to hl3
liking. . • :/
A mild killing was made on Rag
Tag in the second event. Opening at
5 to 2, so much money was poured into
the ring on him that 2 to 1 was soon
the best obtainable. Zlbia opened fa
vorite at 2 to 1 and had considerable
backing, but at post time 13 to 5 could
be secured. "Big Bill" Knapp rode
Rag Tag perfectly, getting off in
front, but allowing Zibia to set the
pace until well Into the stretch, finally
winning after a mild drive in the last
sixteenth. Three favorites won. Sum
mary: "*"~
FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; purse; thrce
i vear-olds:
i Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1— New Mown Hay.lll(Gry) 5 3 2 14
7 to 2— Ananlag, 112 (Reed) 4 2 2'.' ij
6 to 1— Soufriere, 107 (Miller).. 1 5^31
Time. 1:30. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. C. B. Durnell's b. t. by Ben Brush-Red
Clover. Kdward Halo 112, Exclamation 112.
Lonsdale 112. Foranaster 112, Singing Master
109, Lucy E S 107. Fair Allen 107, finished as
named. -v;:;..v.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; oelllnar; four
year-olds and up:
B-HtHsr. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St; % Fin.
2 to 1— Rag Tag, 10O (Knapp).. 12 4 12
13 to 5— Zlbla, 09 (Aubuchonj... 4 15 24
12 to 1— Tom Curl. 101 (Oregar) 5 4 % 3 8
Time. 1:14 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, James Curl's b. h. (5) by Margrave-
Regalia. Tom Maybln 107. Weird 101. Emma
A M 104, Shipping Port 103, Treatham 89,
finished as named.
THIRD RACE— One mll«; purse; three-year
olds and up:
1U to 8 — Port Royal, 111 (Mclnty) 4 2 m nk
7 to 2— Foncasta, 07 (Knapp)... 1 3 5 2 1%
6 to 1— Ocean Dream. 101 (Otis) 3 113 1
Tim*, 1:43. Start good.' Won driving. Win
ner, S. W. Street & Co.'s b. g. (5) by Kingston.
Maurine. Beau Ormonde 116, Merry Pioneer
03, Volney 93, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE — Six furlong's; four-year
oldx and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 2— Van Ness, 101 (Oliphant) 1 12 11
0 to 2— Sad Sam. 101 (Sherwood). 7 2 2 2 3
6 to 1— Elfln Kmg. 102 (Lawrnce) 2 6 3 3 h
Time. 1:14 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, J. W. Schorr's br, g. (5) by 1 Loyalist-
Ada V. Orfeo 99, Burch Broom 105, Red
Raven 104, Nervator 107, Money Muss 10C,
finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— One and a half miles; three
year-olds and up: selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
J> to 1 — Gun Straus, 88 (Qrenneld) 7 4^1n
8 to 2—1,. Crawford. 102 (Nicol) 1 6 8 2 2S
30 :a 1— Valeat, 10U (Brown) 8 5 %»3 1
40 to 1— S. Leuncelot.103 (Mclnty) 5 2 h 4 h
Tlm«. 2:40. Start good. VTbn handily.
Winner. E. Corrigan's br. c. (3) , by RUey-
Sardonyx. Lady Chorister 101. Baronet 103.
finished as named. for foul.
SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
twe-y ear-olds; selling:
HoB — Kurtcmann, 113 (Domek) 5 24 12
. U to 5— Handzarra. 107 (Hoffier). 4 16 2 1%
13 to B— Airship, 106 (Lawrence). 2 3 4 3 1%
Time. 1:09 3-5. Start. good. Won easily.
Winner, F. Cook's ch. c. by The Commoner-
Murion G. Dixie Lad 107, II Dotore 109.
Bologna. 103, finished as named.
ELECTBIFIES THECK0WD
Gains Big Lead at Outset
and Drives the Ball to
Ever}- Corner of the Court
Special Dispatch to Tfcs OalL
PHILADELPHIA, Juno 23.— Miss
May Sutton of Pasadena, CaL. won th«
women's tennis championship of tha
United States at Wlssahlckon Heights
to-day by defeating Miss Bessie Moore
in straight sets. 6-1, 6-3. There were)
many people who thought the steadi
ness for which Miss Moore is noted
might gradually wear down the Call
fornlan and enable the New York
player to retain her championship, but
it was not to be.
As in all her other matches, Miss
Sutton gained a pronounced lead at
the start and, continuing her powerful
drives throughout two sets, soon had
Miss Moore chasing to all corners of
her side of the court in a desperate at
tempt to return the ball over th»
net.
Game after game went to the sturdy
Western girl and the only credit to
which Miss Moore could lay claim at
the end was the fact that she won one
more game than any of the others who
had opposed the new phenomenon.
Summary:
Ladles' singles— Championship round
Miss Sutton defeated Miss Moore, 6-1,
6-2.
Mixed doubles— Miss Moore and W.
C. Grant defeated Miss Sutton and T.
B. Dallas.
Women's doubles, final round— Miss
Sutton and Miss Hall of Pasadena.
CaL, defeated Miss Moore of New York
and Miss C. B. Neeley of Chicago, 3-6.
6-3. 6-3.
NORMAN DOLE OF STANFORD
COMPETES AT ST. LOUIS
ST. LOUIS, June 25.— Although th#»
Olympic College athletic championships
held to-day under the auspices of the
"World's Fair Olympic games early de
veloped into a struggle for supremacy
between Chicago and Princeton univer
sities, the competition between the ath
letes representing those colleges was
so spirited that the largest crowd that
has yet attended an athletic event on
the World's Fair grounds was amply
repaid for bravirg the hot sun. Chi
cago wen the championship and the
"Walton B. Stevens silver trophy, with
a total of 70 points, defeating Princeton
by 10 points. The scores follow:
Michigan Agricultural College, 6; Uni
versity of Illinois, 6; Colgate College,
5; Leland Stanford Jr. University, 4.
In the pole vault. N. E. Dole, Leland
Stanford Jr. University, and H. I*
Moore, Princeton, tied for first; A. "W.
Clark. Chicago, third. Height, 11 feet
9 Inches. Dole and Moore divided first
and second points.
Charlie Hall Serves Up, a
Variety of Curves Which
Fool All Heavy Stickers
Golden Eule and Mi Amigo
Bun for Five Minutes and
Fifty Seconds on" Field
California Girl Outplays
Bessie Moore at Every
Stage of Tennis Finals
Port Eoyal Leads Out Fon
casta a Neck at Haw
thorne Track.
Jockey Hildebrand Greeted
With Storm of Cheers Upon
[Returning to Scale.
SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
handicap; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 5— Ben MacDhul. Ill (Mrtn) 6 4 V, 1 h
16 to 5— Florham Queen. lOO(Hlbd) 4 6 12%
5 to 1— Leader. 100 (O'Nell) 6 62 3 h
Time 1:46 8-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner. P. Ryan's b. h. by Bend Or-Slerra-
Madre. Rosetint. Gay Lothario. Garnish, Irish
Witch and Illyria finished as named, c .
FIFTH RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; selling: _
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
S to 2— Virgo. 05 (Hlldebrand). . .. 2 lh 11
3 to 1— Asterisk. 107 (O'Neil) 4 5 1 2 h
2 to 1— Highborn. 100 (Crlmmlns). 3 2 13%
Time. 1:08 4-5. Start fair. (Won driving.
Winner. Oneck Stable's br. t. 'by Prince of
Monaco- Vlrgie Johnson. Mon Amour, Gotowln,
Reclco. Annie Russell, Dance Music. Baroque,
Fireball, Cloverhampton. Cashier. Captain Sam.
Salt and Pepper. Flat and Halmera finished as
named.
FOURTH RACE— -One and three-elghthi
miles, the Advance, for three-year-olda and up:
Betting. Horse, height, Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 5— Irish Lad. 126 (Hildbrnd) 4 2 2 1 n
3 to 1— Ort Wells, 111 (O'Nell).. 5 3h 26
4 to 1— Bryn Mawr. Ill (Lyne).. 6 5 1H3 5
Time, 2:17 3-5. Start good. - Won driving.
Winner. H. B. Duryea's br. c. by Candlemas-
Arrowgrass. Highball, Delhi and The Picket
finished as named. ¦
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; the Great
Trial for two-year-olds: ' ',
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 5— Flyback. 122 (Hlldebrand)4 4JilH;
2 to 1— Sparkling Star,122(J.Mart)7 2 h 2 2%
20 to 1— The Claimant. 122 (Shaw)6 3 h 3 2
Time. 1:13 2-0. Start fafrr. Won ridden out.
Winner. J. E. Madden' 8 ch. -o by Requital-
Daisy Rote. Councilman, Simplicity. Veto,
Voladay. Right Royal, Agile, finished as
earned. •
SECOND RACE — About two and a half
miles; the Beacon steeplechase for four-year
olds and up: . . » -. '
Betting. Hors«. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to" 2— Jud. Campbell. 133(Mara)l 2 20 1 1V4
7 to 10— Calltr. 156 (Donohue) ... .2 1 4 2 60
40 to 1— Titana. 161 (Henry 3 4 <T
lime. 6:08. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner. J. W. Cole's br. f. by Esher-Reflection.
Fox Munter also ran.
head in 2:17 3-6. Ort Wells was five
lengths In front of Bryn Mawr.
MADDEX TAKES GREAT TRIAL.
It was one of the, greatest races and
one of the gamest finishes seen In many
a day In the East. As HiWebrand rode
Irish Lad back to the judges' stand
a great storm of cheers proclaimed the
popularity of his victory, while the
band struck up "The Wearing of. the
Green," the colors of Irish Lad being
green, with white hoops on the sleeves.
J. E. Madden's Flyback won the
525,000 Great Trial stakes. Coupled with
his stable companion, Councilman, they
were favorite In the betting. Council
man made the running to the fence,
when Flyback moved up andwon driv
ing by one and a half lengths. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; handicap for
three- year-olds and up: "'. '.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 10— L. Amelia, 122 (H;Phll).S lBJJi
10 to 1— Major Pelham. 108 <Hlld)6 2 1%2 6
12 to 1— Auditor. 109 <Helgeson)..2 3 1 * 1%
Time. 1:12 4-8. Start good. Woo driving.
Winner E. R. Thomas' br. f. by Ben Brush-
La Colbnla. Coburg. King Pepper, Orly II.
Reliable. Pentaur. Anfctsior, EscuriaJ. vV. ».
Faislg. Brother Bill, flnlsfled a» named.
UNCLE'S STARS
MAKE NO RUNS
LIVELY HARES
EXHAUST DOGS
MISS SUTTON
IS CHAMPION
DURYEA COLT AND ORT WELLS ENGAGE
IN A SENSATIONAL STRETCH DUEL
\. " ¦ ¦ . - ; . --•- -' ¦•••_¦.'•¦
THE SAN FRANCISC0 1 CALL, ''SUNDAY, JUNE 26; 1904.
IRISH LAD IS FIRST IN ADVANCE STAKES IN WORLD'S RECORD TIME
No woman can ever really love an
other unless she believes she is a better
housekerper than the other.
Justice of the Peace Golden yester
day rendered a default judgment for
J 299 09 against Truly Shattuck, the
vaudeville actress, who was sued by
Itauer's collection agency on a claim
for legal services assigned to the
apency by Burnett G. Haskell, an at
torney. . Haskell defended Truly's
mother when she was charged with
the murder of Harry Poole thirteen
years ago. The original claim was
for J665, but was reduced to bring it
In the Jurisdiction of the Justices'
Court.
Justice Golden Decides Vaudeville
Arti«t Must Pay for Legal Ser
vices Rendered Her 3Iother.
ENTERS DEFACW JUDGMENT
AGAINST TRULY SHATTUCK
NEW YORK, June 25.— The Toung
Corbett-Jimmy Brttt fight, scheduled to
take place In San Francisco next De
cember, has been Jeopardized by Toung
Corbett.
One of the stipulations in the agree
ment eigned by Harry Pollock, Cor
bett's manager, was that neither of
the principals was to engage in any
contest In the meantime. This is the
clause Corbett has decided to break,
and unless he fights Britt during the
summer he will be seen In the ring
with tome other good man.
As no forfeits were put up when the
articles were bo signed Corbett will lose
nothing by calling off the match. Since
Corbett returned from England he has
been taking things easy along Broad
way, lie is anxious to get back Into
harness and earn a few dollars. Of
course, he would prefer his next match
with Britt, but he cannot wait until
December to accommodate Britt.
The Hayes Valley Club will match
Corbett with the winner of the Nelson-
Hanlon fight If it c$n secure the
Augrust permit.
Under Pollock's construction of the
agreement it rests with Britt to decide
whether he will go on with the match
or not.
Special rrtepatch to The Call.
36
<¦ . - ADVESTISEMEKTS.
h%p r -^^^^ m ~' m^^^^ m^^^^ "* *\.fi\ _^ **^S_ I^*^»_. _
(&y^ In S. S. S. Nature has provided a tonic suited
,\!\4^^6\S) to every requirement of the system when in a debilitated,'
:y- . -v run-down condition. It contains no strong minerals or
drugs; but is apleasant vegetable preparation. You can find no better reme-
dy for toning up the nerves and bringing refreshing, restful sleep.
S. S. S. improves the ap- * ¦ ¦
petite and digestion, and its , % ve "¦•* h B ' 8 - * nd ottn 4 " to be « ««el-
nn j «ff.^to f^ e—L il. 7t l0nt blood purifier and tonic. My system became
good effects are seen almost Te ry much run down and debilitated. I lost
from the ' first dose. It acts twenty or more pounds in weient, had no appe-
promptly in cases of chronic tlta * nd , w ? 8 in a , bad sha PJ- Seein* S. 8. s. ad-
Hv<:r.Pn«? n h*M~*£;™?^A I b«aran its use, and am well pleased witlx
; dyspepsia, indigestion and the results after usin* it for some little while,
all :.> Stomach troubles, and From 139 pounds to 165 is pretty rood evidence
does, away with, the uncom- °* »•'"^ th , e fe p^™ S n S om» H * mabtin *
fortable fullness, -shortness <>0 Second St., Warren, Ohio.
of breath, drowsiness and dizziness that so often come after eating. S. S. S.
is not only the best i tonic, but possesses alterative or purifying properties,
and if there is any taint, humor or poison in the blood, it searches it out and
removes it. ' Many times a low state of health is due to a bad condition of
the blood and can only be remedied by such a remedy as S. S. S.
; . If you suffer from debility, weakness, insomnia, nervousness, loss of ap-
petite, ; bad digestion,; or. any of the miserable symptoms of a disordered
blood, nothing will so soon put your blood in good condition, invigorate
«ad tone up the system and restore the health as S. S. S.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA,
AEVZRTISEiIENT3.
EACH]
INCH
A
NACTOE INTENDED THAT EV-
ery roan should ll\-e all his years a 1
pprfect man. Few men do. Most men I
can. a
The rroblem cf living a perfect man 1
1* slmr'le. Undo the Injury that dissi- I
pat ion has ¦wrought. Then avoid it — 1
live as nature built you to live. B
; S8. O. C. JOSLEU,
r" The Leadine Specialist.
' To men whose yeans are being lived
in physical imperfection as a result of
d:>> is h • ion. whose lives are less than
full and j>crfect lives end who yearn
to be the men that nature meant them
to be, I extend an earnest and eympa- |
th*tle offer of consultation and advice, !
botb cf which are absolutely free. Jt
¦j Weakness.
y Local treatment to correct all con- (
flltions resTXiireible for the functional
d'.torder. Failure impossible where the
case is not too far advanced. No in-
curable cases treated. E
*i Varicocele. [
I No pain, no rutting. But a few I
days' time required and a thorough J
cure in ev^ry instance. O
Contracted Disorders. H
The quickest cures ever affected. B
Time reduced about one-half. No fail- M
ures; no relapses. fj
j Specific Blood Poison. l|
Ev»ry symptom and taint eradicated H
without the use of dangerous drugs. fj
i Stricture. r|
Neither ciittine nor dilating;, but a
painless treatment, by - which the ob-
structing- tissue Is dissolved.
My Colored Chart, explaining tnen'0
eiceases. '.a helpful in making a home
diagnosis, and is free for the asking.
ZCy fees are fair; my cures
are permanent, and yon. caa
pay me when satisned that yon
are weU.
DR. O.C. JOSLENI
t Cor. Kearay and Market Sts. if
i Private entrance. 702 Market rt. |{
I ¦ Offlce Hours— 9 a. m. to 4:30 p. tn. ¦
and C:30 to 8;3') p. m. Sundays, 10 to B
1 only. |j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
'• tM*JP^^ n % tbat hel P h " a to
S^^ success. We want these men
'i to know that tne
O-P=C
; suspensory
: is a help in preserving vitality, and
j vitality is tne secret of success.
Every successful man is a man of
great "nervous force "—energy.
To expend this energy in the un-
necessary strain which every man
< experiences is to suffer a loss of
vitality which.if saved, would go far
towards helping a man to greater
success in his work. The O-P-C
suspensory stops that strain.
' O-P-C suspensories are sold by
nearly all druggists. No doubt
.your druggist has them. We assure
; you it will be to your interest to
insist upon the O-P-C If your
dealer will not supply you, send to
us. No. a O-P-C, lisle, $i.co; No. 3
O-P-C, silk. $1.50.
i "The Mark ol the Master,"
I an interesting booklet, giving rea-
: sons t why every man should wear
_ an O-P-C suspensory, sent free upon
I request.
1 t- Bauer & Black
i 383 Twenty-fifth St.. Chlcaf. U.S.A.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
rSCSH AND SAX.T MEATS.
TIC PftVEC X- C(\ Shipping Butcher*. tC5
_______ -
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD * ELLI3.
41S Front it.. 8. F. Phon» Mala ITUl
• Fsmrraro.
F.C.fcUGBESb «, fcSSra:*. »-LONDON, June 25.^ — Clement Scott,
the dramatic critic, died in London to
day after a prolonged illness.
A \ matinee was given at His Ma
jesty's Theater for Scott's benefit, \ at
which Sir Henry Irvingr, Beerbohm
Tree, Julia Nellson, Madame Rejane,
Forbes Robertson, George Alexander
and many others appeared. The per
formance netted $6250 for Scott, who
•was in somewhat straitened circum
stances.
Dramatic - Critic Succumbs to Pro
longed Illness in Ixmdon.
DEATH CLAEVIS SCOTT.
SAN JOSE. June 25.— Charles B.
Polhemus, a pioneer railroad builder
of this county, died here this morning
at the age of 86 years. He 'was a
native of Burlington, N. J. In 1836,
when 17 years of age, Polhemus went
to^South America as United States
Consul at Payta. .With the discovery
of gold In California he came to this
State. In ISC 4 he , became interested
with Donahue and Newhall in the San
Francisco and San Jose Railroad,
which they controlled until 1867, dur
ing which time they extended the line
to Gilroy. They then sold out to Stan
ford, Huntington, Hopkins & . Co.
Polhemus became a' large land holder
in this county. Between 1850 and 1860
he was Consul at San Francisco for
Chile and Peru. Polhemus leaves a
large estate. A son, George B. Pol
hemus Jr., and a daughter. Miss Mary
J. Polhemus. survive him.
C; B. EOLHEMUS
ANSWERS THE §
LAST SUMMONS
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
' Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Pojf t. entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of th«
Superintendent.
NOTE — Tho high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
pt tide Is the same at both places.
SUNDAY. JUNE 26.
Sun rises ...*...... .'. 4.49
Sun sets yjoj
Moon sets .....3:57 a. m.
O iTimel ITlmel ITlme , ITlmel
» I f Ft. I 1 Ft. I Ft. J pt
g jL W( |H Wf (L wf (HW|
26 4:2S —0.7 11 :30 4.6 3:56 2.9110:16 8 »
27 5:11-0.8 12:18 ,4.6 4:42 2.9110:57 68
28 5:52—0.8 1:00 4.7 5:22 3.111:30 55
29 6:30—0.6 1:44 4.8 «i:12 3.21.
H W| L W H W L, W "-¦"."
30 0:15 5.2 7:07—0.3 2:25 4.8 7:02 3 2
1 0:59 4.7 7:44 O.I 3:03 4.8 7-5-> v'Z
2 1:401 4.3 8:18 0.5 3:38| 4.8 8:46 $.2
NOTE— In the above exposition of {he tides
the. early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the- successive tides of the
day In' the order of occurrence as to time* the
fourth time column gives the last tide of'the
day, except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are" In
Steamer.' Destination.. I Sails.
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. June 27
Farallon Kkagway & Way Ports. June 28
Humboldt.... Kkagway & Way Ports. June 30
Dirigo ;.. Skagway * Way Ports. July 1
Excelsior..... Valdez;& Way Ports.. July 1
Senator...... Nome • ...July 3
Rosnoke..... Nome & St. Michael. . July 6
FROM | SEATTLE.
Within a few miles of Dublin, in a
mill which has fallen into decay, an
enterprising man has hit upon a profit
able plan of turning peat into brown
paper. '^ ¦. .'•
NAPLES. Jcne 25.— Mark Twain (Samuel L.
Clerocra) will Kali fcr New Tork June 28.
Saturday. June 25.
Stinr Coronado. Peterson, 61 hours from.
Grays Harbor.
ttmr San Pedro, Rasmussen. 25 hours
from Eureka, bound for San Pedro, put in
to land passengers.
Etror City ox Puebla, Jepsen. 57V4 hours
from Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr F. A. ICllburn, Jahnscn. 7 hours from
Port Rod~ers.
Stmr Nattonal City, Hammer, 23 hours from
Fort Bragg, with barge Tidal Wave in tow.
Simr Pomona, Swansen, 18 hours from Eu
reka. •
Stmr Jamee S. Hlgglns, Illgglns. 40 hours
from Port Los. Angeles.
Stmr Brooklyn, Johnson, 15 hours from Men
<Jocino. ¦
etmr Chlco Martin, 84 hours from Portland,
via Aotoria* «6 hours.
Etmr Navarro, Weber, 20 hours from West
port.
~ tfunr Eureka, Jesaen, 22 hours from Eureka.
Bktn Portland, Ciark, 6 days from Tacoma.
Schr Jenrle Griffin, Gibson. 3 hours from
Bolinas. ' .
Schr Sacramento, Gruggel. 4 days from
Siuslaw 'River.
LJarite Tidal ' Wave, Johnson. 23 hours from
Fort Bragg, in tow of stmr National City.
» CLEARED.
Saturday, June 25,
Etmr Alameda, Do wdeU, Honolulu; J. D.
Eiireckels & Bros. Co. . "¦
Stmr Columbia. Doran. ' Aetorla; OR & N
Co.
Bktn Coronado. Potter, Honolulu; J. D.
Epreckels & Bros. Co.
SAILED. .
Saturday.' June 25.
Stmr Montara, Reilly. Seattle *and Tacoma.
- Stmr Newsboy. Adler, Crescent City.
Stmr. Coqullle River. Sanford, .
Stmr Alameda.. Dowdell. Honolulu.
Stmr Gualala. Kalwln, Benders Landing.
Stmr James S. Higgins. Fort Bragg.
Stmr' American, Col cord, Seattle and Ta
coma.
Ktinr Marshfleld, Dettmers, Hardy Creek.
Stmr Aurclia, Kilckson, Portland.
Btmr Point Arena, Miller, Mendoclno. .
Stmr Argo, Dunham. Port Kenyon.
Btmr Aberdeen/ Hanxen. Astoria.
Stmr Newburgf Anflndsen, Grays Harbor. -
Bktn H. O. Wilder. Jackson, Tacoma.
Schr Cecelia Sudden, Bellesen, South Bend.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Gibson. Boltnas.
Schr ' Spokane, Jamleson, Port Gamble. -
Schr W. F. Wltzemann, Peterson, Port Gam
bia. -
Schr Boquel, Dennett. ¦ Port Townsend.
. Schr A. B. Johnson, Segelthorat, Gray* Har
bor.
, Schr Newark, Belnerteon. Stewarts Point.
Scfcr Bessie K, stark, San Vicente Landing.
ARRIVED.
Shipping Intelligence.
Gcorgiana Manning Butler 3Iarries
' Captain J. A. Jones, U. S. Army,
at Swiss. Capital.
GENEVA, June 25.— Miss Georgiana
Manning Butler of San Francisco has
been married here to Captain John
Warren Jones, U. S. A., at the Ameri
can church. The father of the bride
gave her away.
SAN* FRANCISCO GIRL
BECOMES BRIDE AT GENEVA
Steamer. • Destination. Sails. Pier.
Jons 26. |
South Bay.. Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Rainier...:. Seattle & Bllngham 4 pm Pier 10
tian Pedro.. Los Angeles Ports. 0 pm Pier 2
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
S.NRosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
June 27. ' (J
Redondo. . . . Astoria & Portland 6 pm|Pler 2
North Fork. Humboldt 8 pm Pier 20
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30pPlei ft
Eureka Humboldt 12 m Pier 13
San Jose N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Chehalis Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
Jans 28. |
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am|Pler 11
Arcata Coos.B. & Pt. Orfd 10 am|Pler 13
'June 29. |
S. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 10 amlPier t
Nevgdan... Honolulu & K'hulul 3 pmjPler 23
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier »
Breakwater. Coos Bay direct.... '6 pm Pier^8
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
,.-.; June 30.
•Centralia... Grays Harbor...;.. 4 pm Pier 10
Corona Humboldt l:30pPler 9
Coronado... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Porno - Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier; 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. I) am Pier 11'
Elizabeth... Coqullle River 5 pm Pier 20
July 1. | .
Costa Rica. Astoria & Portland 11 amlPier 24
July 2. I
Argo....... Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Bonita...... Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Mariposa... Tahiti direct M am Pier 7
City Panam "S. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Jeanle....... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pmlPier 20
July 5. |
Umatllla. .. Puget Sound Ports ]pier —
July 7. J |
Sierra Sydney & Way.... I 2 pmlPler 7
Curacao.... Mexican Ports ....|10 am|Pler 11
TO SAIL.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
—" £r*cS»I Cable to The Call and New Tork
Herald. Copyright. 19O4, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
LONDON, June 25.— The latest victim
I of the wiles of the dog faker is King
Edward. Not long ago his Majesty
bought a dog to which he had taken a
frreat fancy. "When later on he went to
the royal kennels to see his new pet he
was unable to recognize it. The elab
orate results obtained by trimming,
combing and cropping had disappeared,
and the dog stood revealed with all its
bad points. ' ; '
There is a great deal of dissatisfac
tion among fanciers at the Increase In
show dog faking, and the Kennel Club
is shortly to be approached with a view
to letting It become known when a dog
is faked.
Canine Sold to Edward VII Proves to
Be a Plebeian of the Sor
riest Type.
DOG FAKER YICTI3IIZES
THE RING OF ENGLAND
The barkentine Coronado was cleared yester
day for HonrVulu with an assorted merchan
dise cargo, vilied at $27,603 and including the
following: 275 bbls flour. 195 ctls oats, 5997
ctls barley. 1245 bales hay, 38.U06 lbs bran,'
13.5S6 lbs middlings. 8i Ctls wheat, 137 ctls
corn. CG4.1 lbs bread. 728 lbs peas. S429 lbs
beans, 5 cs brandy. 25 cs gin. 30 cs whisky,
1350 gals 30 cs wine, 3120 lbs coffee, 318 cs
canned poods, 11.750 lbs salt, 47 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 27 cs 10 pkgs salmon,
15.000 lbs rice. 2000 lbs sugar, 3340 lbs lard,
110 pkgs paste. 23 pkgs powder. 6630 gals dis
tillate. 150 bbls llm*. 51 cs 10 bbls oil. 45
pkps matches, 221 bdls paper, 24 bxs tin plate,
7700 lbs coda. 27 pkgs mlllwork, 29 pkgs
plumbing material, 2033 lbs sheet lead, 5 cs
boots and shoes, 165 pkgs paints, 24 bxs soap.
The steamer Alarneda sailed* yesterday for
Honolulu with a general merchandise cargo,
valued at $110,830. The following were the
rrinclps.1 exports:
W bbls flour. 11.C15 lbs butter, 8414 lbs 30
cs bread, 0750 lbs 2 pkgs lard, 11.070 lbs meals,
720 lbs tea, 7301 lbs 2 cs cheese, 41 pkgs
paste. ' S22 cs assorted canned goods, 9562 lbs
ham and baccn. 15,5oO lbs codfish, 4S67 gals
3i> cs wine, 34 cs liquors, 05 cs whisky. 150
bbls beer. 25 cs brandy, 10 cs champagne.
10,000 Its rice, 150O lbs coffee, 54 cs baking
powder, 1516 lbs 1 cs chocolate, J449 pkgs
potatoes. 491 pkgs onions, 22isi pkgs fresh
fruits. 224 rkgs fresh vegetables. 5438 lbs
dried fish, WX) lbs oleomargyHne. 2731 lbs
glucose, 19 ctls corn, 1S9 ctrs barley, 72 ctls
wheat. 3933 lbs middlings. 6109 lbs bran, 2499
lbs beans, 2531 lbs dried Iruit, S2U lbs raisins.
740 gals vinegar, 5350 lbs salt. 7 cs honey, 1111
lbs sugar, 3110 lbs 30 pkgs candy, 33 cs eggs,
•J'.O pkgs groceries and provisions, 1051 lbs nuts,
151 pkgs table prei»arations, 3032 lbs 5 cs
dressed poultry, 1109 lbs fresh meat, 1341 Ibe
fresh fish, 10 cs 3 bbls salmon, i:>3 pkgs dry
Roods, 27 pkgs leather, 34 bdls iron. 1> bdls
.--t»-tl. 15 drums ammonia, 9 pkgs plumbing ma
terial, 31 cs candles, 12,430 lbs resin, 109 cs
soap, 15 cs matches, 17 pkgs nails, 36 cs arras
and ammunition, 49 pkgs machinery. 270 pkgs
paper. 21 pkes electrical supplies, til cs b(X>ts
and shoes. 222 pkgs paints and oils, 11, 55* lbs
'••¦ pkgs tobacco, 155 pkgs drugs and sundries,
32 cs hats and cap*. 40'23 lbs sulphur, 47 pkgs
mHIwork, 30 iron tubes, 130 pes 4 pkgs wagon
material.
Two Cargoes for Honolulu.
Steamer. From. Due. I j
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. June 26 '
Marlposa Tahiti June 26 [
Breakwater.. Coos Bay June 26
Arctic Humboldt June 26 <
Sierra Sydney & Way Port*.. June 27 <
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael.. June 27 '
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. June 27 ,
Chehalis v San Pedro June 27 ¦
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma June 28
Curacao Mexican Ports June 28 ;
Costa Rica... Portland & Astoria... . June 28
Porno J'oint Arena & Albion. June 28
Corona Humboldt June 28
Elizabeth Coqullle Rlve,r ........ June 28
S. Barbara... Grays Harbor June 29
Del Norte Crescent City June 29
Acapulco New York via Panama. June 29
Bonita . . Newport & Way Ports. June 29
Centralia San Pedro June 30
Eureka Humboldt June 30
Argo Eel River Ports June 30
Korea China & Japan June 30
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports June 30
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena June 30
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. June 30
Pomona Humboldt . June 31
'Gaelic China & Japan........ July 2
Santa Monica Grays Harbor July 3
Coo» Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. July 3
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor July 3
North Fork... Humboldt July 3
Columbia Portland & Astoria.... July 3
Sequoia Willapa Harbor July 4
Queen Puget Sound Ports July S
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma July 5
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. July 6 .]
S. Dollar Hakodate July 5 .
Carnival Queen Breaks Down.
PORTLAND, June 25. — Miss Mae
Mason handed In her resignation as
Queen of the Mardi Gras carnival this
afternoon. As she has shown signs of
a nervous breakdown, she was pre
vailed upon by her friends to resign.
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
tslgn precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from Uie depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of tno lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
a deep Interest has been developed In
the league's undertaking. About $1000
more will be required to complete tha
roofflng of the mission, which sum tho
league hopes to secure befora th»
early fall, when work will be resumed.
The steamer Queen, which sailed on Friday
for Victoria, carried an assorted merchandise
carpo conEigtwrd to the port of destination and
other British Columbian ports, valu-ed at $16,
205. The cargo Included the following:
1579 pkps fresh fruits. 288 pkgs potatoes, 15*
pkgs ' fresh vegetables, H7 pkgs onions, 2400
lbs dried fruit 40O lbs meals. 2^-5 lbs 1 cs
cheese, TC cs canned goods. 10 cs hops, 35 pkgs
Groceries and provisions, 38 cs salad oil. 1S6
sale wine, 24.700 lbs malt, 2? pkgs machinery.
21 tons Cumberland coal, 37 pkgs windmill.
3 pkgs electrical supplier. 71 pes 2 bdls steel,
16 cs arms and ammunition, 14 steel beam*. 17
pkgs wagon material, 1 1.035 lbs bitumen. 160
pkgs building material, 240 Eks plaster, 27 bbla
wire. 1050 lbs lead pipe, 3 rolls leather.
In addition lo tft- foregoing the steamer
carried 200 rails of leather, valued at $10,780,
en route to Hiosro, Japan.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
Exports for the North.
XEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The California Historic Landmarks
League will hold Its annual meeting on
Wednesday evening, June 29. at Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art;' Senator Jo
seph R. Knawland, the president of
the league, will present slides Illus
trating the work already done upon
the Mision San Antonio de Padua dur
ing the year. Since work- has been
begun upon this famous old cloister
Landmarks League Meets.
Former- Congressman Dies.
BUTLER, Pa., June 25. — Former
Congressman George W. Fleeger died
to-day, aged 65 years.
The Sultan of Turkey Eent the bride
the grand cordon of the Nichan-I-Che
fakat order in diamonds, rubles and
emeralds. This is the only order the
Sultan gives to women, and it was be
stowed about two years ago on the
bride's mother. The Sultan gave the
groom the second order of the Med-
PARIS, June 25.— The marriage to
day of Miss Leishman, daughter of the
American Minister to Turkey, to Count
Louis de Contaut-Eiron, was a notable
event in American and French social
circles. The civil ceremony took place
at Minister Leishman's residence In
the Avenue du Bois de Boulogne. The
fitnesses for the bride were Embas
sador Porter and General Wilson and
for the groom his two brothers, Cov.r.ts
Antoine and Armand. ~~t,' •
Miss Leishman Becomes the Bride of
Count Louis de Contaut-Biron
at Paris.
DIPLOMAT'S DAUGHTER
WEDS FREXCII XOBLEMAX
. The steamer Curacao left Mazatlan
for this port June 23 and Is due here
about July 1.
Curacao Leaves Mazatlan.
The nervous strain of the contest for
Queen is held responsible for her con
dition. Miss Margaret Paffrath, the
second by votes, will be carnival Queen.
which he was the author to take the
tax off quinine.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Alameda, with a full cargo and
many passengers, Balled yesterday for
Honolulu.
Sails for Honolulu.
The steamer H. J. Corcoran, which
has won fame for herself aa the boat
that set a new pace on the Vallejo-
San Francisco run, will take an ex
cursion party to-day to Rio Vista,
calling at Mare Island and other points
of interest. She leaves the Toot of Clay
Etreet at 9: SO a. m. The Corcoran Is
the speediest boat on the bay and her
new owners have given such attention
to the service on board that .no more
popular steamer plies on local waters^
Using fuel oil, she is as clean as a
sailing yacht and from Captain to
cook, from engines to steering gear, la
in every respect up to date.
Will Make Excursion Trip.
I The steamer Victoria which arrived
i yesterday at Seattle spoke the Elihu
Thompson with the barge Dashing
Wave In tow on June 18, off Cape Mo
hican, and June 19. two hundred miles
north of Dutch Harbor, she sighted
i the steamer Melville Dollar.
Xews From Northern Waters,
NEW YORK, June 25.— The Police
to-day gave out the following figures of
the Slocum disaster: Bodies recovered,
533; missing. 93; buried unidentified, 80;
injured, 179; survivors (uninjured), 236.
Children made orphans, 15.
That more than 1000 persons perished
in the burning of the excursion steamer
General Slocum is now practically cer
tain.
• In the death to-day at Watchung, N.
J.. of Rev. Dr. Edward Frederick Mol
denke, one of the best known Lutheran
-clergymen In the United States, an
*other naxae was added to the list of
victims ct the disaster. Dr. Moldenke
was pastor of St. Peter's Lutheran
Church in this city.
• Grief for twenty membersof his flock
who went on the excursion, and never
returned and his compassion for the
.bereft families* of St. Mark's Church
so affected him that he became ill. For
years he had suffered from heart dis
ease, and last Sunday he broke down
¦while holding a memorial service for
fhe dead.
Coroner O'Gorman, who has handled
n«st of. the bodies recovered from the
Slocum disaster, has contracted blood
• poisoning. He pricked a finger of his
right hand while removing a breastpin
• from one of the bodies last Sunday, al
though he wore rubber gloves. Within
a-ehort time the finger began to swell
and the poison spread rapidly. The
usualtreatment has thus far failed to
check" the spread^ and anti-toxin will
be injected into the Coroner's arm.
Ej>ecSal Disj>&tch to The Call.
The Overdue List.
The vessels on the overdue list" are
quoted for reinsurance as follows:
Juteopolis, Queen Elizabeth, La Roche
foucald, Largo Law and Willy Rlck
mers. 7 per cent; Wynford, 15 per cent:
Parknook, 30 per cent and Laura, 90
per cent.
Of the Fifteen Hundred Who
Attended the Excursion
Only 236 Escaped Unhurt
The steam schooner National City
arrived yesterday from Fort Bragg
with the barge Tidal Wave In tow.
The National City brought 335,000 feet
of lumber and on the Tidal Wave,
stowed in her hold and piled high on
deck, was 600,000 feet of lumber.
Tha Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in charge.
Branch Hydroeraphlc Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal
June 25. 1904.
Time Ball.
POINT LOBOS. June 25, 10 p. m.— "Weather
thick; wind south; velocity 8 miles per hour.
' SPOKEN.
June 24 — In lat 40 42 north long 64 24 ¦west.
Br ship Forest Hall, from Hull, for New
York. r
Per Btmr Victoria, at Seattle. June 23 — Stmr
EHhu Thomson, from Tscoma, for Nome, with
barge Tidal Wave In tow, off Cape Mohican.
June 18— Stmr Melville Dollar, 20 miles N of
Dutch Harbor, June ll» from Tacoma, for
Nome.
DOMESTIC POUTS. ¦ ".-./-"'
SOUTH BEND— Sailed June 25— Schr West
ern Home, for San Francisco.
ST. MICHAEL— In port Jun« 22— Stmr
Portland, from Nome; stmr St. Paul, hence
June 2; Btmr Roanoke from Seattle.
Sailed June 22— Stmr Sadie, for Nome.
To sail June 23 — Stmr St. Paul, for Nome.
To sail June 29 — Stmr Portland, for Nome.
TATOOSH— Passed out June 25— Ship Wil
liam F. Babcock. from Port Blakeley, for Bos
ton; Br ship Thistlebank, from Port Blake
ley for Port Plrle; gtmr Jeanle, from Se
attle, for San Francisco. Passed In June 25—
Stmr Nome City, from Nome, for Seattle.
SEATTLE— Sailed June 25— Stmr City of
Seattle, for Skagway.
Arrived June 25 — Stmr Victoria, from Nome.
EUREKA— Arrived June 25— Stmr Alliance,
hence June 23; stmr Corona, hence June 24.
Arrived June 25 — Stmr Lakme. hence June 23.
Sailed June 25 — Btmr Bee, for San Francisco.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed June 25, 5 p m—
Btmr Asuncion, for San Francisco.
Sailed June 25 — Stmr Bonlta, for San Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed June 25— Stmr
Olympic, for San Francisco.
PORT --LOS ANGELES— Arrived Juna 25—
Btmr Central la, hence June 23. '
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June 25— Schr Salem,
from Olympla: schr Caroline, from Umpqua.
Sailed June 25— Stmr Chehallfl, for San Fran
cisco: schr Zair.pa, for Columbia River; stmrs
Alratraz and Acme, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed June 25— Schr Kona,
for San Fra-.olsco.
PORT BLAKELET— Arrived / June 25— Br
bark Ventura, from .
Sailed June 25 — Schr Argus, for San Pedro.
ABERDEEN— Sailed June 25— Schr U. B.
Jackson, for Hobart.
Arrived June 25 — Schr North Bend, hence
June 10.
SEATTLE — Arrived Jun« 25— Stmr Nome
City, from Nome.
Sailed June 25 — Stmr Oregon for Nome.
ISLAND PORTS. *
MANILA — Arrived June 23 — Br stmr H>
xnera. from New York.
HONOLULU— Arrived June 25 — Br stmr
Gaelic, from China and Japan, for San Fran
cieco.
Arrived June 25 — Stmr Arlzonan, from Se
attle.
Sailed June 25 — Stmr Gaelic, for San Fran
cisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed June
24 — Br ship Leicester Castle, from Philadel
phia, for Nagasaki.
FOREIGN PORTS. ••
LIVERPOOL— Sailed June 11— Br stmr Pe
leus. for Puget Sound, via Shanghai.
START POINT— Passed June 19— Br ship
Peter Iredale, from Antwerp, for San Fran
cisco.
VICTORIA — Sailed June 25 — Stmr Manuka,
for Australia via Honolulu.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
BREMEN — Arrived June 25 — Stmr Prlnzess
Alice, from New York.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived June 25— Stmr Ham
burg, from New York.
Arrived June 25 — Stmr Barbarossa. from
New York, for Cherbourg and Bremen.
HAKODATE— Sailed June 24— Schr Mindoro,
for San Francisco.
MAZATLAN— Sailed June 23— Stmr Cura
cao, from Guaymas and way ports, for San
Franc'sco.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived June 23— Stmr
Philadelphia, from New York, via Plymouth
and Cherbourg-
NEW YORK — Sailed June 25 — Stmr Mesaba,
for London; stmr Pennsylvania, for Hamburg,
via Plymouth and Cherbourg; stmr St. Louis,
for Southampton, via Plymouth and Cher
bourg; Ftmr Colombia, for Glasgow; Btmr
Prince Adalbert, for Naples and Genoa; 6tmr
Finland, for Antwerp; stmr Koenlg Albert,
for Genoa and Naples; stmr Etrurla, for Liver
pool.
Arrived June 26 — Stmr Perugia, from Naples.
Arrived June 25 — Stmr Hekla. from Co
penhagen.
Sailed June 25 — Stmr Gallia, for Marseilles
and Naples.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived June 25— Stmr Bohe
mian from Boston: stmr Campania, from New
YorkJ via Queenstown; stmr Cymric, from
Boston. .»
Sailed June 25 — Stmr Umbrla. for New York.
MOVILLE— Arrived June 25— Stmr Bavarian,
from Montreal, for Liverpool.
NAPLES— Sailed June 23 — Stmr Citta di
Napoll, for New York.
Arrived June 22 — Stmr Slavonta, from New
York, for Trieste and Flume.
BOULOGNE — Arrived June 25 — Stmr Pots
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed June 23 — Stmr Staten
dam. for New York, via Boulogne.
CHERBOURG— Sailed June 25 — Stmr EL
Paul, for New York. June 24 — Stmr Deutsch
land. for New York.
HAVRE — Sailed June 25 — Stmrs Bordeaux
and La Lorraine for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June 25 — Stmr Cel
tic, for New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed June 25— Stmr Kroon
land, for New York.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived prior June 25 — Stmr
Athenian, from Vancouver, for Hongkong; Btmr
Doric, from San Francisco and Honolulu, for
Hlogo Shanghai and Hongkong. .
JAP'ANKSE PORT— Arrived prior June 25—
Stmr Lyrla. from Tacoroa and Seattle.
PONTA DEL GADA— Arrived June 25— Stmr
Romanic, from Boston, for Marseilles, Genoa
ami Naples.
GENOA — Arrived June 25— Stmr Prlnzess
Irene, from New York, via Gibraltar and Na
ples.
TELEGRAPHIC.
XIXETY-THBEE MISSING
Police Report Shows That
935 Bodies Have Been Re
covered From the Slocum
Old Bark Tidal Wave, Heavily Loaded With
Lumber, Is Towed Here From Fort Bragg
by the Steam Schooner National' City
FIGURES TELL
AN AWFUL TALE
FORMER SMART SAILING VESSEL
IS NOW DOING DUTY AS A BARGE
THE'-'SAN FRANCISCO GALL,:. SUNDAY, JUNE L 2G; ;^ 004:
HOPKINSVILLE, Ky., June 25. —
Hon. James A. McKenzie, former Con
gressman from this district, died at his
home here to-day, aged 64 years. He
was known everywhere as '/Quinine
Jim." Prominence came \ to Mr. Mc-
Kenzle through his strenuous and suc
cessful championship of a bill of
"Quinine Jim" McKenzie Dead.
Death of Sirs. Sarah 'McKee Wilcox.
SAN JOSE, June 25. — Mrs. Sarah
McKee Wilcox, a pioneer resident of
this city, died this morning. She was
the wife of E. J. "Wilcox, a capitalist
Deceased was a native of Cromwell,
Conn., and 71 years' of age. With her
husband she came to California in
1853. Besides her husband she leaves
three grown children. Miss Anna K.
Wilcox, .Mrs. W. A. Beasly and E. J.
Wilcox Jr.
37
I .•' / -^MenWho Suffer From Waste of Strength, |
I j|!i||pil|l • Nervous Debility, Varicocele, Early Decay, g
i iK'if y Rheumatism. Weak Back, Stomach and §"
| <) / Kidney Trouble, I WILL CURE YOU OR FOR- |
I .-^k] '^^uL' FEIT $1000. I
« J j^5i No man should be weak; no man should suffer the loss of that vital g
o - / v^^\ " element which renders life worth living. No man should allow himself to <|
« fC. /7*$^®L - become less a man than nature intended him; no man should suffer for the **
g /jOTX7a^2t4r3Kr*J& sins of his-youth, when there is at hand a certain cure for his weakness, a* 5»
S (s^m^^M^^t check to hi f loss °^ stren S th - 8-
8 *S j^^r*"**" *^<^ Most of the pains, most of the weakness of stomach, heart, brain and g
§ i%S- yS^Si nerves, from which men suffer, are due to an early ]pss of nature's re- o
w l^^^fe -^^^J serve power through mistakes ofi> youth. You need not suffer for this. You S
o I /\^^ -^ y^ can be restored. The very clement which you have lost you can get back, g
* I >^||^" an( * y° u ma y be as happy as any man that lives. 8
8 I y^pvi Sly Electric Belt, with Special Electric Suspensory, will restore your S
Q \ '^^ strength. It will check all drains and give back the old vigor of youth. g
K a T have cured thousands of men who have squandered the savings of §
o y^k V^ f years in useless doctoring. *• S
8' V V^ y e^ ' s eas y to use j P ut On "when you go to bed; yoa feel the S
« /fr&l \ glowing heat from it (no sting or burn as in old-style belts), and you feel g
8 / i * * I 4^ e n , crves tingle with the new life flowing into them. You get up in the »
» // *8ii/n $1 morning feeling like a two-year-old. S
S 1 i i' ©w^ W ' K' n S> Fresno, Cal., writes: I used your belt for ten weeks, and S
« £ § % W \ irJ^/ am g ' a( * to ~ te^ you 4^ at i^ cured me of lame back, kidney and bladder trou- g
S M M r \Hi ' I am n °w sound and well, in perfect health, and weigh more than I S
« f f § H i& m cvcr y a PP ct i te * s better than it has been^for years. Your Belt is g
* 1 *& S <k «* -asI all and more than you claim it to be. g
0 An old man of 70 says he feels as strong and young as he did at 35. jOj
8 . That shows it renews the visor of vouth. S
§ -'It cures - Rheumatism, Sciatic Pains, Lumbago, Kidney Trouble. It banishes pain in a night, never g
8 to return. . S
5 E. B. Miller, Crompton avenue, Los Angeles, Cal., writes: I have used your high grade belt for two 8
« months for lame back, rheumatism and weakened nerves,' and am now a well man. I have eained six pounds ft
6 in weight, and feel as strong and hearty as I ever did. All my friends acknowledge that I have had a mirac-- o
$ ulous cure, as I was almost a wreck when I began to use the Belt. \ . '•-.:_ £$
8 What ails you? Write and tell me, and no matter where you are, I think I can give you the address 8
% of some one in your town that I have cured. I've cured thousands, and every man of them is a walking ad- «
ft vertisement for my Belt. . O
g Every man who ever used it recommends it, because it is honest. It does great work, an dthose whom
S I have cured are the most grateful because the cure costs so little. - '&
8 Every man who uses my Belt gets the advice and counsel of a physician free. I give you all that »
S any medical man can give you, and a lot that he can't. g
! 8 Try my Belt. Write me to-day for my beautifully illustrated book with cuts showing how my Belt Is S
iv applied, and lots of good reading for men who want to be "The Noblest Work of God" — A MAN. Inclose S
8 this ad. and I will send this book, sealed, free. Callrfor free consultation. §
1 l"Yf M C Mr\ a.m-hfin 906 MARKET ST.. Above EIIK SAN FRANCISCO g
8 LJl* XT1» W* IllwL^ClLl^ill 111, Office Hours— S a. m. to S p. m. Sundays. 10 to 1. Never sold In drear store*. Q
ADVERTISEMENTS.
VIGOR AND HEALTH
r&EE TO
r-enfjjtf f -.i/%rr^\ To prove tht
Bs^ETRSf "*¦ mml cnratlT*
r..iSVfc*ij kl.L\l*»- 1 pow«n of our
>^^yl *" -if/rfHf * nf " st remark-:
/^QA\cTREI*"'V « b!e »i o m •
tfeOyflVL . **£*?\ treatment, you
,-'v'-Ci-V' t'T* 5 * 4 '* J.l i en ten days'
' ; i tP-'ifTs d*-ii$r rrovaI - u wiu
<t ma tfzjA Mi. A"* V \ *tore lost
I-'«Tij2»«-M Ml a* BN \ *lrecffth and
v<?f m]4 17*/ >^»l\ Klve you the
•3 OS i &?'&£&/ A*™ *" d Vlt ° r
the only
known «cS«!t!fle means which trtU poslUvely
rnUrr* and fully develop them. U»ed with our
Ltcal Atiw;rblnK StStnuIatlnB Toclc Germlcldal.
KeallRS. Medicated Urethra! Crayons always
quickly cure* where all elae fajla. Gleet, all
Ursine. Losses. Varicocele. Strlct«i«v. Prema-
turcness Enlarcement of Proitate Gland, etc
A ea-Ie. «Unple home cure. NEVER FAIL3.
Vr Llewellyn. on« of our staff of phyMclans.
bkt C!tfovere<3 a tnarrelous remedy which will
five action and protfDce results In 6 minutes.
Applied locally only. Works like magic. Don't .
fall to call on us for demonstration or writ*
tor new illustrated book. No. 6. Bent securely
willed, tree Hours. 9 to 0; Sundays. 10 to 1.
HEALTH APPLIANCE CO., 6 O'FarrellSt
* . ¦
A COLHSIX of COXVEN"-
EENCE, of ACCOM3IODATIOX
and REASONABLE RATES—
our 3IOXEY TO LOAX ADS.
Reliable brokers and confi-
dential treatment.
I HARVEST •' MAID ]
A Little Beauty in Free With
Black and White | Next Sunday's Call
; . A SUGGESTION FOR FRAMING; THIS PICTURE:
, ' - Frame in close ;. with Three-inch Curley ¦ Green Poplar or Three-
, ¦ - ¦ inch Black Oak or Gray Oak.
'liarvestMaid" is a pretty Black and White, size J2^xJ3 r^ inches, : and is certainly worth a j.._^
. on the walls of every home.
ALL -NEWSDEALERS, STATIONERS AND TRAIN NEWS^ AGENTS SELL THE CALL— PRICE 5c
_ '__* v ADVEBTISaMENTS.
'¦TJNION"GAS EN0INES
in use in \ 55 h. p. 3-cYiixirbEB "UNioar" marine engine.
this port than those of all other makes combined. They are fitted to
run on gasoline, benzine, naphtha or distillate. Special fittings for
kerosene and crude oil.. Send for our catalogues, stating . requirements.Miss OlBa.Wldrlh of 958 Geary, whose
millinery, creations are the delight of our
smart society., women, has - gone- East to
Bf cure the : latest novelties f6r ' the ¦ fall
trade. Her sister, Miss Marie, with
competent assistants, will take charge of
the millinery parlors. Miss Olpra Widrin
will stop over. In St. Louis. visiting' the
exposition. On her return the ladles can
expect to nee the '.richest- selection -of
pattern hats ever, brought to this city. •
Going to New York.
Albright. L. F. Pierson. Mr. and Mra. A. E.
Foster. Miss Throckmorton. Mrs. Shaughnessy.
Mra. De Wolfe. Mr. and Mra. Dutton. Mra. j
Leland. Mr. and Mm. W. Kaufmann. Mr. and j
Mrs. Dlckenson. Mr. and Mra. A. E. Heron, j
Mr. and Mrs. H. P. Hussey. Mra. Reynolds,
Mr. and Mra. Bishop. Mra. Cody. Mr. and Mra.
Nicholson Dr. and Mra. Walker. Mr. and Mrs.
J. Frledlander. Mr. and Mn. Mack. Oscar
Tolle, Mrs. Tustln. Mr. and Mrs. Hall. Mr. and
Mra. Lewis. Mi- and Mra Oakes, Mr. and
Mra. Earl Mr. and Mrs. Foster Cole, Mrs. N.
P. Cole T. D. Coulter. Mr. and Mra. B. P.
Moore. Mr and Mrs. Sidney Ltebes, Mr. and
Mn. W. E. Miles . Mr. and Mra. Ward. Mr.
and Mra. Angel. Miss Merrill, Miss Gardner. I
Mra. W. McKenziei Dr. H. P. Carleton. D. C.
Clark. Mr. and Mra. Tanner. Mr. and Mrs. W.
j H. Lamb. Mr. and Mra. Fred Hlhn. Mr. and
Mra. T. T. C. Leonard. Mr. and Mrs. T. O.
j Howard, Mr. and Mra. Teter, Mr. and Mrs.
McNeal. Mr. and Mrs. Forgues. Mr. and Mra.
Swanton, Mr. and Mrs. Mor.troytl Sharpe. Mr.
and Mn. Fagen. Mr. and Mra. Frank Huff
man, the Misses Cole, '. Mr. Rupert. Mr.
Thomas. Mr. and Mra. Denting. Mr. and Mrs.
George Staffler. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Roberts,
Mr. and Mra. Irish.
AT HOTEL ROW ARDENNAN— Miss Helen
Thomas. Mr. and Mra. H. F. Anderson. Mr.
and Mra. -W. S. Porter. Mre. Wakefleld Baker.
H W Campbell, Mrs. Andrew Moseley,
Mrs. M. 8. Neugass. Mervyn S. Neu
gass. Miss McDonnell, Miss O'Ferrall. Miss
daughter. Mips Gordon. Eugene Juda, Gus
Levi, J.. J. Qulnn and family, Charles J.
Munti and wife. Miss S. Mund. S. H. Allen,
J. Elliott. Miss A. Krenz. A. Alpher. Mre. E.
Neuman, . J. S. Neutnan, Miss Louise Neu
man, Miss M. Neuman, Miss A. Kozmlnsky.
Mrs. B. Getz, Ada Getz, Mra. J. .Davis. From
San Jose — A. S. Rlx and wife, MUs Maud
Hollenbaok. ...
AT PARAISO SPRINGS: From San Pran
clsro—Thomas D. Riordan and wife, William
Bchroeder. P. G. Dunkan- Mrs P. G. Dunkan.
Capuin H. nehrmann. Harry Block. S L.
Rofenbaum. Pauline Einstein. Mrs. William
Kartin. Miss Alice Martin. Otto H. Green
• aid. Sir Henry Hyman T H. Field. Charles
F. Block Elele B. Block. Meredith Kohlberg.
jjeroroe Kohlberg. Mre. E. L. Kohlberg. Rob
ert A. Dak. Mre. E. Schroeder, Araes Bode.
Anna Groj«*. Mra. Otto Muser, J. H. Currier.
James A. McMahon. Captain A. J. Dunlevy,
IXoft Haas, Carolyn Haa* Miss Osborne. Mra.
Irwla. Joeerh Hahn. Miss Rosalind Bryant.
Mi*« Pu«le Wells. Ethrt J Dorn. I. H Ga
reard. Kr». E. O. Koenig and children. H.
H>-mitn. Mra. B. II. I.uke and children. From
Salinas— Mra. B. V. Sargent and sons. C D
Dora. Rcbert Falriey. Dr. J. A. Cnanpel. From
Monterey — J. L. Hartez. Mra. W. E. Parker.
From San Jose — Ml*s Lizzie Ccaan Ethel M
Dfltt. From Santa. Cruz— Mra. J. Venn. From
WatsonvUle — j. s. Cronk. From Alameda
AT THE OCCIDENTAL HOTEL. HAT
WARDS: From San Francisco — Mra. E. M.
Johnson. Miss Martha L. Johnson, Mra. W.
C Trownse'l, Master William Trownrell,
Adolf Begnet. Charles Henderson E. E. Gro»s
«nanr F. O. Hatch. C. F. Crane. Clarence Cook.
From Oakland— G. N. Love. T. F. Springer.
George Bradford. 8. M. Adslt. 8t. Joseph.
Mo.: Frank F. Sparry. Cincinnati. O.; Charles
D. Andrews. Washington. D. C. ; U. F. Ray
mond and wife. New York; H. F. Ellis, San
Jose: J. H. Sanr.nels. San Jose; A. R. Hughes,
F. C. Cogswell. Edward Madison, Salinas: G.
G. Reiner. CentervWe; H F. Jones Red
wood City; J. H. Stover. C. R. Crocs J. H.
Kemp. Lcs Angeles; C. A. Richardson. Sac
rarmnto; C. H. Ooor-T. J. T. Butler. C. J.
Kingston. Honolulu: Matthew T. Innes Chi
cago; H. G. Thomas. O. A. O. ThrelfelL' Hon
duras ; F. H. Savage, wife and child. James
Courtney. J. T. Mills. Scranton. Pa.
AT LYTTON SPRINGS: From SuFran
cieco — C\ L. Nelson. T. H. Farrlngton, Mra.
Farrtngton, A. D. Plughoff. Mr*. A. Reeve.
Mra. AlJard Miss Novcla AHard. George B.
ffrgMfim. Miss Jo Stamper. Mi»» M. C. O'Con
n«?ll. D. B. Dfnton Miss A. Ulgb>'. MU« C.
Fremont. W. H. Bone, J. Y. Doar.e, Mra.
Doane. Mrs. Morgan.- Mra. E. Hoffmann,
Harold Hoffmann. Mrs. Alma Hoffmann.
Leonsrd Hofmann. Ellas Hofmann. Mra. H.
Klrachner. Mlos Dora Kirschner. L. N. Tryon.
MIm Ruby Forei>t, William Llchtenberg. Mra.
William Lichtenbtrg. Miss Kate Lichtenberg.
Edward Lichtenbers. Mra. Edward Lichten
berg. Miss Lichtenberg. Miss Helen Lichtra
berg. Mactrr Harold Lichtenberg. Master Ed
ward Ltchtenberg Miss Alma Peterson: Dr.
A. A. Mclntrre. Mra. Mclntrr*. Miss Mcln
tjre, Edmonton. Canada; Maurice Bondaux.
Paris: Joe Schloas. Mra. SchloFS. MIm Ruby
Schloss. Mra. M. A. Wildasin. Alameda; Mies
Clark. New York; Mra. Nagle. Miss Alva
Adams. Santa Roi>a; Miss Veva Haigh Miss
Alice Halgh. Chartes Sheriff, George Sheriff,
Hcaldsburg.
AT FEIC.LERS SPRINGS: From San
FranciKOu — Janu-s Sorcnsen. wife and family.
L. L*r**n. wif^» ami family. Wiiiiam A. Burns
and wife. Professor Charles Wels«l SJid wife,
V.. 3. f.tCins &nd uife. W G. Uorriscon. L.
N. Tryon 15. Walton Jr.. Mra. H. Fox, Miss
¥. Fox. J. T. McCarthy. James M. Thaln. Dr.
Pchnell R. T. Wall and wife, Clarence Coburn,
Mre. C. Flannery. Henry McGrath. George
Hughes, Roy Hu^hrs. A. C. Fulton. James
Mmcin, Ewfcld J. Schmleder and son, G. L.
M«-&d and wife E. J. Marteil. Horace Davis.
Sin. F. XV. Engels. Tt". B. Downs and wife.
I'. Derasla. Frank Vallwo. Btrrgeant L. Shaw.
wife and family; Sam Rosenblum, Mrs. J. F.
McGeouph. Mr*. J. Buckley. Captain W. E.
Dinan. wife and family; N. del Banco, A.
Jacob* and aon. Dave Crowley and - wife. Jack
Crouiey W. J. Evans, wife and son; M. L.
MaswM. Mra. J Michel*, Mr. and Mre. J.
Staudp. Miss Rida Michels, H. Ballard. Cap
ta'.n Ed Story. Arthur Mitchell. Miss A. Wal
lace Mlsc E. ftone Edward Evatt. From
Oakland— Mra. V. L. Hopper. C. J. Bell. M.
Moe!ler Jack Owens. L. L. Schuler. Edward
Davis. P. J. Owens.
AT CAS4P CL'RRV— J. Sefton. Miss N. Buck,
Miss M M. PeUir Baota Barbara; H. V.
Flower. San Jose; J. C. Nieltson. C. Coimar,
Saa Krancisco; It. L. Green. Palo Alto; T.
M. Gretn Rushviile. Ind. ; E. A. Moeilerlr.?.
O W. Myers, San Jo»t; \V. L. AsJ«w. Twins
burg. O.; Mls« C. M. Levy. Miss P. Wise.
Mrs M. Mayers Miss U. Llvlr.sston. San
Francisco: Mr. and Mrs. D. Locke. Miss G.
Gcllett* Miss F. Locke, Santa Cruz; Mrs. D.
U McLaren. Mre. E. C. Holmes. Alatntnia;
Colonel A G. Abbott. Santa Cruz; MUs E.
Iio!wood Mills C"lle£e; Miss G. Hclcies. Bet
vtdert; Mr. and Mrs. L. B. Folger. Saa Fran
dioo- Mr. and Mre. G. Menz. District of
Columbia; Mlts A. McLaren, Alameda; Mies
JA. E. Holmes. Palo Alto; Mr. and Mrs. C. N\
Brett Campt*!!; F. T. Schott. Antioch: E. L>
West' Osiklar.d: N. P. West. Oakland: Mis*
Rhodes Miss E. Rfcodec. Grt«ncastte. I"a.;
Mrs. K. H. De»i>y, San Francisco: Miss M.
Bradford, lied wood City; Mr. and Mr*. A. L-
Brlzzoham T. Remington. Miss Remington.
Mis» M. S:sith. R. D. Richards. D. A. J. Hun
ker Dr. C W Kur.Obs Mrs William Hood,
Miss J Hood Miss A. C M.'.icr. Miss E. Dick,
Miss H Spofroi-.l Miss C. Blenenreld. Miss M.
R. FarreO. l!Us J. rartrtdtfe. J. M. McEl
hinney, MIe» I E. Randall E. P. Shepherd.
Ear. Francisco;' Mlss-A.--R. Mills. San Jo^e;
I. M. Stanforti. San Francisco; Miss A.
Thompson. Chicago: C. C. Little. San Fran
cisco; Willlanj Lemmert. F. B. Davey, Oak
land; P. Noble. William McPherson. G. B.
Huie, R. B. Huie. Sao Francisco: J. C. Be«dy.
E&usalUo: Rev. XV. G Armstrong. Mount Mor
rl*. N. 1'. : R. Ilurden, Bonora; Mrs. E. M.
Addison Miss Si. E. Spaulding, New York
City; Mre. I. L. Lowry. J. B. Lowry. Phila
delphia: Mrs. H. >«. Richards, F. O. Pierce.
F. C. Pierce. Erook!yn, N. Y. ; D. t:. Richard
tun acd wlfp. Dr. G. E. Ehuey and wife, Dr:
G. Mubley and wife. Oakland.
AT ISARTLETT SPRINGS: From San
Francisco — A L<ro*encr. Mrs XV. D. O'Kane,
W. M. O'Kant. the Misses O'Kane. Ciaus
Iiadeltr ana famiiy. S. II. Seymour and
wire. Mr. unl Mra. Claus Kroeger. Mr. and
Mrs. Ucorce W. Gr«n. Mr. and Mrs. L.
Bchultx, Miss HatUe Schnitx, Mr. and Mra.
6ar..uel McFudden. the Misses McFadden, Mra.
A. Hautert. Thomas F. liarron. J. Waad.
JuUan Schliling J. 8 Marshal!. Charles E.
Curry, John C. Wunder Mrt Wundtr, Captain
J. M. Bennett. John Umnbon. Mra. O. Woehrle.
J. Burnett ) ount, Mies M.i Sparks, Mra. L.
Bales, Mra. Gecgnagel. Mr. in.i Mrs. J. Kapp.
il..-e Rapp. R K. Driscoil. From Sacramento
—A. Swenston and wife. E. Brown. Mr». ti.
T Brown. Thomas Cubbon. William Bfrck
xn'ari, }" A. Mannooi. G. F. I^oeke and wif#.
Mls» Mat- latr. Mr*. F. A, Eddicger. Mi«s
Kroeger. MiM StMJa Kose. Oakland; A. n.
li*ker. 13.. C. Flaherty. l*~ J. B«nt, Berke
ley; Mrs E. Bhervrood, Mise Sh«rwood. J. W.
Thorns T G Dbnlellfi and wife. Alameda;
lion. WUllum Johnston, V.\ A. Johntion,
Courtland; Major W L.. Scales. Mrs. E, A.
Donahue. Kr*sao; H. Wcathrlnfton. SanU
Eosa; T. J. DavU, Los Gatos; M. A. Donnel
ly L>. It Robert*. Feradale: Mrs. A. C. Ea«t
r.tr, Walnut Grov*; Urs. Davis. Florin; Mrs.
Si. 3 WUiiams El Dorado; it. £. Johnson.
Pfcter'Masa Nevada City; J. M. Sayre. Seattle.
Wash.; C.' A. Worthlngton. Frank Kayner.
SanU Clara; Mr. and Mrs. A. C Murdoch, Ta
corca. Wash.; W. A. McNamera, Eureka:
Leon Currau. Bear Creek.
A merry lot are the rural bonifaces,
for never wu the begira from town
more generaL While the mountains
have called many campers, the resorts
every« "here are running: bank fulL
Arrivals at the various resorts dur
ing. the last week were as follows!
AT EL CARMELO: From San Francisc*—
Banna M. Bailey, Elizabeth R. Bttts, Kate J.
Wady, A. F. Temple, Mary E. Tillmsn. Cora
K. Thompson. Lucy P. Miller. MIks McCor
tnlr.k. O. L. McMahon. F. A. Grifflng Harry
Murphy. Charles Specht. Mra. Rose Laws. MIbs
Pearl Laws. Jetsie Hunter. Mra. C J. Blair
dell. Miss Rosalie Huff, EL J. Nrvin. G E
Miller. R. A. Shay and wift. Mra. T B # Mc-
Farland. Jennie H. McFarland C. H. Belden
William B. OetU. MUs Wlntera. C. Dallln, W.
A. Egberg, I. E. Burke. F. W. Corey O
Goldsmith. M. M. Hedgpeth, Mlsa Mary Small
Barret and Charley Small, MUs Tonor C D
MlUlkln. Mr. Hemrlck. A. Small, H A. Hun
saker. Josephine Blanrh. J. V. Klmball. J.
Geraon. From San Mateo— Mrs. Burlln, Paul
Maggl. From Mendoclnc— Alice Pollard. From
CukUnd— C. F. Flathmann, Mm. - L. and R.
FUthnjann, -Ml*» Vlda D*rrick. From Tulare
—Elizabeth C. Gudrtch. From Capletrano
Dr. and. Mra. W. D. McDonald. From Arcata
— W. A. Preston. From Vallejo — Alma O
Goerecke. From Elizabeth, Pa R. f. Wiley
and wife. ¦ Prom- Dutch- Flat-— Mrs.- M.- n
Doollttle. From Mokelumne Hill— E. J. Jones
AT AGXJA CALIENTE SPRINGS: From
San Francisco— A. S. Goldsmith, Mrs. E. For
rm and son, Mra. P. S. Montague and daugh
ters. Mrs. B. Donovan and daughter, Charles
E. Davis and family. Miss Lucille Haber Mr.
and Mra. Charles Clavean, Mr. and Mrs J.
T. Ayer and party. Mm. J. Block and eon.
Mra. Drischftld. Miss Marie Casasta Miss
R. 1. Casaasa. Josroh Simon, Mra. Captain
J. Miller, Mra. B. Rankin. Mra. T. E. Bailey,
Richard Faulkner, Joseph T. Ayer, W A.
Back. J. C. O'Donnrll, William M. Ogilvle.
R. B. Ray. Mr. and Mrs. J. H. O'Brien. J. R.
Lose. Mr. and Mrs. D. Hagerty and daughter,
Otto Bramsdorf. P. Logan. Thomas F. Ban nan.
P. L. Bannan. Mrs. E. G. Ingram, .Miss Gree
ley, MIkb Margaret Flyhn. Thomas Flynn. C.
M. Rankin. J. H. Murphy. R/TX Clatnpet.
Mr. and Mra. P. V. Doyle. Captain Nat Messer
John Quadt. M. E. Reilly, D. L. Murphy n.
E. Wheelan. Leo Brshll, Mr. and Mra. John
Lydon. Mra. May. Mr. and Mra. H. Wllfert,
Albert Wllfert. Mr. and Mra. H. T. Bush.
Fred G. West. F. H. McLaurhltn. George
Fry. Miss M. E. Healey. Mrs. Dr. Trumbull.
Mra. J. Martin. J. E. Hayden Mra. Joseph
V. Collina, Loulft Levy and family. Miss C.
Leane. Mra. J. Glavln, Miss M. T. Kyne Mrs.
W. F. Greaney, Mra. 'M.^Cohn. C. J. Deter
tnann. M. H. Marks. Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Hagemeir. Mrs R. Levy. Miss. Jennie Levy.
From Oakland — Mr." and Mra. J. W. Stevens
Charles Pett. From Vallejo — n, b. Loyall.'
From Santa Rosa — D. H. I>afferty, H. Dlerks.
From Eureka— Mra. B. G. Kramer and family,
B. Hardewlg. From Butte— M. Goldmann, H
Cheeseman.
AT AETNA SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco—E. F. Proton. Mrs. E. F. Preston. Ran
dolph Preston. Frank Preston. George A. Wy
rnan. Dr. A. B. Orosse. C. Terry Hamilton,
Philip Bolger, J. W. Orr. Mrs J. W. Orr.
Florence Orr, Miss Belle Ryan. Mrs. A. E.'
Brune and son. Miss Minnie Brune. MIfs Adal
la Brune. Miss Mildred Bruener. From Oak*
land— Charles E. Echlin. Mra. C. E Echlin
and son. From St. Helena— W. A Mackin
der. Mies Ruth Macklnder. From Chilrs Val
ley—L. Meyer. L. Priest. George Moore L.
Foster. V. Garcia. From Montlcello— H. Meyer.
W. McKtnzle. From Wnoden Valley — TV. Fitch
From Napa— N. W. Collins and son.
AT SARATOGA SPRINGS: From San
Francisco— Homer Lyon. Miss E. Alley. Mr.
and Mra. C. XV. Buck. Miss Louise Buck. Miss
Leonie Buck. Miiw Veronica Buck, Mr. and
Mrs. John Hadeier, Miss Mabel Uadeler Miss
Anita Ha<?eler. H. FuHscher and s:>n;'j. C.
Morony. " U. S. N. : Mrs. J. C. Morony. John
Jobaoeen. Julius Caratensen, Mra. Droge. Jo
seph Marxen. J. T. Hurley. C. H. Hoecker.
H. Waroke. J. Dleken. J. F. Helms. Miss A.
Helms, Edward Schwerln. A. H. Murken. Ed
Helmke. Mr. and Mn. G. Schwrrin. Master
day Schwerln. Master Starr Schwertn. Mas
ter Ray Scnwerta, Mrs. E. D. McPherson. From
Vaeavllle — Mr. and Mra. A. Bulard, P. M.
Johnson. Miis D. Jobntcn. From Alameda —
Mn. H. Fortman. T. Graves. -J. L. Holmes, C.
Rausch. From Oakland— Mr. and Mra. L. E.
Lambert. Miss A. Stevens. From Salt Lnko'
City — William Moon. Mr. St. Golden. A Mil
ler. From Provo— F. Chapman. From Coun
cil muffs, la. — Mr. and Mrs. G. Lundstrom,
Mian E. Lundstrom. Master. P. Lundstrom.
From San Jose — T. Williams. Bert Taylor. .
• . • • t
AT BYRON SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco — J. Branderstein and wife, Henry T.
Hammond. Charlec I. Nye, Miss Crothers. Mrs.
P. A. McDonald. Mie» Alice McDonald. M. L.
Ryan. L. I. Marks and wife. Mra. A. Schiedn
ger. N. W. Bender. Charles I. Ltonard and
wife. L. Gotelll. T. J. Clancy, J. Green. Colo
nel A. Andrews, Mr. snd Mra. A. S. Block.
C. Hirshfeld. William Relnsteln. Mr. and Mrs.
H. Dutton. MUs Col bum, James XV. Reid. Ed
Welnlander. S. C. Shufeld. Nick Lep-Bh. Mrs.
W. P.. Summerhayes, Charles L. Shainwald,
Mr. and Mre. L. P. Lowe. Mr. and Mra. Ed
ward Pond. Mr. and Mrm. Samuel O. BuckD»>e
Bert Dlngiey, I. C. Hammond and wife. Miss
Beatrice, Hammond. Miss Jennie Paulson, W.
R. Summerhayes Jr., Miss Lowry. Mlsu A.
Lowr*. M. McAllister. MUs Ethel P. McAllis
ter. H. J. Heraog. E. Pincus. . William Asch
mann. Walter Dickens, Mlas .Alice Dickens.
Miss Young. J. E. Wetmore, D. C. Sullivan,
Joe McDonald. James Curren W. A Mackay,
Mrs. J F. Jackson. Mrs. J. H. Cahlll, Mrs.
D. Dwan. W. Marxeer, Mra. R. Reuben, J. W.
Manhbank. Charles Wtnckelmann. Jd. Hc-ncken.
a Carii. G. Carli. From Oakland—Mrs. J. P.
Jeffery, G. W. Fisher and wife. From Stock
ton — D. McEvoy, Mra. J. D. Peters, Monrie
P. Marks. From Alameda — Mm. S. B. Con
nor. R. H. Conner*. B. Connors. Miss Ethel
Connors. From San Mateo — F. E. Baker.
From Sutter Creek— Mra. A. Rlley. From
Mayfleld— Miss Seale. From Nlles — Miss Pearl
Crothers. From Santa Roea— Mrs. Joseph T,
Grace and baby. From Haywards — George Leo
Hoosen. From Vorden — Mra. J. W. de Back.
From Fresno — J. C. Howard. Mn. L. Stock,
Master Martin Stock. From Martinez — MifS
Jo Louise Bickel. Miss Agnes Hoey. From
Stone House — Dr. and Mrs. Fottrell, Miss A.
Mlhan. Miss K. Mlhan. T. I. Bergln. From
Pleasanton — Mra. J. C. Smith. From Brent
wood — Mra. Cowan. From Newman — William
E. Bunker. From Vallejo — J. Rosevear, Mra.
J. Rosevear. From San Jose — Mre. R. J.
Langford. From Mill Valley— N P. Yost.
From Antioch — W. XV. Belxhaw. From Houma
La.— T. H. Kock. From Walla Walla, Wash!
— M. H. Marvin. From New York — Edward
D Rogers. From Snohomlsh, Wash. — J. F.
Stretch.
' AT HOTEL CAZADERO: From San Fran
cisco — W. B. Harr.er, II. E. Georges, Lewie
L. Waasa. E. J. Dupuy. M. V. Lacase, F. A.
Nortt. Mr*. D. Hirahler and maid. . Horace
Hirshler. Carolyn Hlrshler. Frederic Hlrsh
ier. Mre. Joseph WVlssbfin. Rosalin and
Beatrice Weissbein. E. E..Mo3BS, Uus Worm
nrr. Mra. G. Wormser. Elsie. Paul and Doro
thy Worinser. George Gallagher. Charles
Bally. George Stuart. A. B. Doud. Dr. Wil
liam Edward. Miss Dorothy Taller, J. XV.
Allen and wire, A. H. Wilson and wife. Miss
Sadie and Maud Wil&on, D. OlRen, George Van
de Mark. H. Brown. F. Mesple. Miss Mabel
Wing, Mark Strauss and daughter, L. ! H.
Dlxon. George A. Blackeller. Miss Emille
Rochat. Mls« Florence Rochat, Byrnes Rock
worth. F. Webster. John Seicer. W. J. Barret,
A. Enqulst and wife, Leslie Fentrees. A. E.
Lobree. H. G. Synees, J. J. Webb. F. Warney,
Mra. Edward Zelle, Elsie. Mabel and John
Zelle. From Santa Rosa — N. P. Parep and
family, Leon de Cavasso G. Mackintosh John
Eu&twood. Ed Leigh. From Sausallto — George
H. Young, Mre. L. L. Kothe. Jack Kothe. H.
H. Bone. George Ames and wife. From Ala
weda — II. F. Symes and family.
AT f-'KA'GGS SPRINGS:- From San Fran
cisco — Madame M. V. Lacaze. Miss Florence
Lacaze. James M Keller, N. P. Perrtne. J.
II. Bergerot, . Mrs. J., H. Bergerot, Mr. .-and
Mrs. Pierre Impey, Miss Vlda Loggie, Miss Ed.
na Lorgie. Mr. and Mrs. XV. A. Mitchell and
*on, M. L. Tlerney, Mr. and Mrs. LaCoste,
William R. Halgh, J. M. Albln. F. S. Marriott,
Mrs. F. A. Marriott. Mr. and Mrs. G. Pouehoa.
Jack Kennedy. C. E. Hayden. Peter, J. Fin
ley, Mrs. G. Ulaser. Dr. Pauline Glaser. Mrs.
P. N. Verso, Miss B. Verne C. E. Haydcn,
Miss Finlt-}-. Miss Jennie Flnley. Miss Marie
Hoffman. Mra. Louis Newroth. Mlrs Madeline
Uaechtw. Mm. Ii L.' Ford. Miws Leah Ford.
J. J. Lofgie, Robert D. \\Tiite. Mr*. B. F.
Webster. Miss 8. A. Webster. C. XV. Mac-
Icon, Mrs. H. W. Scott, L. H. Sttrn Miss 8.
A. Thom**. Mr. and Mrs. H. E. Smith, Mas
ter Louie Smith, M. Sugarman and son. Mrs.
Schrcldt, Mies Florence Barr, Ollle MacCas
kie. H. Braunschlreiger. Mr. and Mrs. E. J.
W&lee and family. Junw Roea. James G.
Gleason Miss Ethel Caldwell, C. M. Stark.
Robert McMahon, Mr. and Mrs. A. CalUeau.
Mr. and Mra. V. Hotchlngs and child, W. P.
Holdca. Walter H. White. Mrs. A. K. Kings
ford. Mra. E. V. Flood l Master Robert Flood,
Master Henry Flood. W. Roberts. J. L. Baci
galupl. R. Landucci. Miss Ida F. English.
Mrs. H. O. Clark. J. J. Loggie. Dr. and Mrs.
H. O. Richards. W. H. Bone, J. G Martin.
W. F. Laughlin B. F. Webster. Miss Blanche
CotU*. M'.ss Pearl Cottle. James A. White.
Thomas W. Custilng, F. L. Skaggs, Max
Brooks, Dan Brooks, E. Latlow, Mr. and Mrs.
G. W. Slngler. Miss Rottanzl, Mr.
and Mra. H. L. Goldsmith. Mrs. Charles
Peach. Mra. Pauline Sellg, Frank Mor
ris, A. A. Levy. Mrs. Frank G. Miner, Val
entine Stoneminer Mra. M. Kaleokv, J. Brad
ovlch. Mr. and Mrs. J. Hoist, Miss Holrt. XV.
A. Breelln. Charles Peach. Mrs. D. Hahn.
Miss S. Hahn. Santo Clnollo, L. P. CosU.
From Oakland— Mr. and Mra. P. H. Klnard.
Mrs. M. Learner, Mrs. R. O. Donnell, Misa
Alice Goode. J. H. Vincent. From Uklah—
M^* Nellie Cox. From Healdsburg — MUs Ru
ble Walker. From Santa Rosa— F. A. Kad
datz. Thomas Keenan, M. Doyle. From New
York— Mr. and Mrs. Arthur K. Lee. From
Petaluma — Mrs. Wellington S. Bell, Clarence
E. EUis, M. K. Lewis. From Cloverdale — Miss
N. Leuroux. Miss Alice Caldwell. Mrs. John
Field. From Berkeley — J. T. Shtanan. S. T.
Bowea. From Napa — Miss Lucy M. Cook;
From Ban Rafael — O. E. Sborb.
Mra. J. M. Ferris. Mary C. McKee. From
Spreckels — George Verderber. From \ Fort
Romle — Mr*. Captain Erickson. J. Erlckson.
Mra. F. Erlckson. From Oakland— Mr. and
Mrs. Jules Abrahamson Matilda Abrabamson,
G. J. King and eon R. B. Thompson and wife,
Mle« Carrie F. Schall. From King City— J. L.
Matthews, Mlsa Lulu Shermantlne, Mrs. H. 1'.
Lehr. John P. Leonard.
• • • ' • . . . t
AT BEN LOMOND: -From "San Frrincrso—
Mr. .and Mrs. Gus .Soher, Mrs, Hilly n and
AT ADAMS SPRINGS: From San Francisco
— Mathew Daly, Leon Kutner, M. A. Gold.
A. Roneover, L. Roneover, Thomas MoKeon,
H. Gulllxson. M. Kennedy. Mra. Kennedy, A.
Drohse. J. P. Weller. Dr. H. D. Boye*.- Henry
Peters, Mra. H. Peters, Mra. Anna Bran. H.
Best. James Devlin, E. J. . Luke, W. J. Bow
man. Mrs. J. Bowman, Mrs. J. W. Byron, Mrs.
W. H. Lane. lira. Wallace. Miss A. Cunning,
ham. J. Sllversteln, Mrs. J. Lang, J. F.- Mc-
Carthy, .Thomas F. Obrln, James N. - Thane,
J. S. Sargent, Mrs.' J. A. Magee, Master Ma
ree, Mra. G. Thompson, R. H. Flchbeck, Mrs.
R. H. Flchbeck. E. J. Schnider. J. Marbell.
A. C. Fulton. J. H. Symon, A. Rosenburb. H.
Schroder. J: M. Williamson, Miss Clutse. Miss
Doran, Mr. Keyed, Mr. Kuzzing, Ett B. Stone,
Rev, J. McDonnell. Al Walteretefn, 1 Charles
Cortjohn, Frank Crogan, ' Charles Bess, W. Cor
lett. M. Victor. Mr. Hllderbrant. Captain
Davis, Captain DIttmar, A. Higher. C. J. Des
mond, James Desey. Joe Schroder, W. Wren,
James Ward, Miss Storey, Mrs. H. H. Colben,
3. S. Hartman, Dr. Cook. Dr. Sturllng, H. M.
Perkins, S. S. Skyne, W. H. Herrlck, Miss
McCormlck," Mr. Stafford, Charles Hammer,
C. Schultz. George Brown. A. Newman, J. S.
Fowler, Mr. Wagner. C. Gunst, Mable Curry,
Horde Hays, Miss K. SUrkey, J. S. Kittle,
Adolph Newman. Nellie McLoughlln. John Me
Carty, Joseph W. Strouss, Louis Strousa, P.
Stern, Florence Fox, Evilyn Jones. Harvey
Sparrow, Dude Smith,- Fred Roskamp,, Harold
Daw. Marian Miller, Ray E. Hackett. J. P.
Gasllno. H. Claussen. H. Wlcking. . Master
AVlcklng. J. F. Hawley, Heury L. Clyne, Mrs.
L. Clyne John Jacobs. H. Fuelscher, Master
Fuelscher, E. Klevesahl, Mrs. Klevesahl. Miss
Klevcpahl, Mra. Fortmann. Clflm Martin, Mas
ter Martin. George Holtslander. J. Marxen.
William Schuler. B. ' Frank Ames., Mrs. B.
Frank. Ames. Prom . Vallejo — Ewln x Casper.
Elmer Hanscomb, M. Renalds, Miss Harrier,
Ethel Clay, N. B. Grace, Mrs. N. B. Grace.
F. C. Mclnlia, F. Wldenmann, John Hood,
Julia Sweeney, Ella (1 rimes,' J. A. Ma«re». C.
S. McArthur. S. L. Smldt, ' Etnma Eastmann,
P. Sutton. Joe Rose Joe Fretls. John Fandan,
Mrs. J. Fanda*. Mlsa Mary Fandas. G. G.
Gcgllng. Joseph Carlson. From Crockett — F.
Holies. .T. H. Holies, Ed Hanscold, 8. S.
Snider. John Rohnan, Thomas Corr, Ed Hays".
Bert Hoffman. From Mlddletown — Dr. W. P.
Corbett. J. L, Read, Mrs. J. L. Read, N. 1.
Ptitch, Cannon ' brothers, J. 8. Jones. Mr«. J.
Jones, \». . Spier. 'George Humphey.-P. J.
Stalker. From Kelsey vllle— Mr. Johnston. W.
Adams, Mr. Gunn, Akers brothers, Mr. Gulna,
Mr. ; Speck. - Mr. Kelsey. Mr. Wallon. O. Brlen.
Mrs. Gulrta. ..'Lake : Port— Mr. Nash,. Kate
Hasx. Mies May Blake.. Mr. Wltten. Mr. Noble,
H. P. Tobin. -.. From Berkeley— D. D. Hagerty,
Dora Desmrnt. Charles Carter. B. H. Hill. W.
E. Brigs.. C. ' P. Holdbrook. From Sacramento
— Thowas O'Brien. J. C. Kelley, M. F. Tobln,
Georjrvi Crumb, Mls« Id»B'»V". Mif« l>. '•'«r lT ---
ing. < Lillle .. Ford>» n. F. . Hnley, '. Mrs. H. F.
Haley, George Frances*. .' Arthur Burk. W. W. '
Prake, T.K. McCnrty, Mlos Sadie Hecox. Miss
Fanniei: Hecox. r. Walter. Coglln, ¦ Annie ¦Coglin,
Mr.- Colbert. Mrs. Colbert." Mr. and Mra. H. L.
Klein. From' Stnckton— W. H. Walker. Albert
Ennia Mrs. 'A. Ennls;- George Glblln. Mrs.'G.
Gtblin. Charles Harris. From Oregon and
S^attle-^-Mic* Vlrtle .to 1 * <*«hk-kt>«. • <• n^v
lln- George Wllsori rM?-=v C*rk. Mr. Clark. -
AT THE DE LA ROSA RESORT. SANTA
CRUZ: From San Francisco— W, C. Woodrow,
Miss E. Grace. Miss K. Welch, Mrs. Flndley.
Mrs. Sullivan and two children, Mra. Brodeck.
Mr. Brown. From Seattle, Wash. — Mrs. Cous
ins. From San Jose — Mr. and Mrs. Brooke.
AT HOTEL LYNDON. LOS GATOS: From
San Francisco — O. H. Williams and wife, Mra.
B. M. Gunn. O. . N. Hall, i Kenneth B. Gunn,
Harry Wilhelm and - wife. Harry P. Thomas
and wife, Louis A. Leonhardt, Estelle Elliot,
Henry Lynch, George A. Rlgg, H. E. Holmes.
and wife, Thomas Hill and wife. A. H. Kress,
Mlsa Anna Kress. Mre.'M. Miller. Mrs. Beseck
er. Elsie Benecker. Mr. and Mrs. William
Crocker, C. O. 8wanberg, Mrs. Games and
daughter. David W. Wise, Mrs. Robert Tlb
betts. Mra. W. D. Squires, Toby G. Hughes.
Mrs. F. Noonan and family, C. L. Aikwood
and wife, G. A. Blackle and wife. From Oak
land— E. T. Flint. George G. Winchester. O.
M. Henry and wife. W. H. Pettls. Howard W.
Bray and wife. Miss Delmas Walter, Miss
Norah O'Neal. J. 8. Dunham and wife. From
Alameda — Mrs. J. F. Mullender and child, Mrs.
Jennie Woodworth, Peter Clarke.
AT THE TRUCKEE RIVER COUNTRY
CLUB: From San Francisco — Frank D. String
ham, Miss E. C. Jeffery. Mrs. J. C. Boyle,
F. J. Cooper, Mrs. F. J. Cooper, Dorothy J..
Cooper, Harold J. Cooper, Maude A. Schendel.
Margaret Hlgglns, Anna Hlgglns, Jean Mac
donald. Mark Hlgglns. William M. Hlgglns,
William H. Betts and wife. I From Reno. Nev.
w-C. T. Bender, Miss B. - Bender, Miss F."
Bender* Mies Fitzgerald.
. AT LINDNER'S .PARK. GUERNEVILLE:
From San Francisco— Peter Lynn. " From Stan
ford—Miss Lura Bella Lynn, Miss „ Annie C.
Lynn. Frpm .. Alameda'— Mrs., A. C. Conway.-
From Palo Alto — Mr.- and Mra. C. Lynn. From
Oakland— Mr. and Mrs*' B«ll," Harry Bell, Ger
trude Bell,- Jessie Hell. -Mr. and Mrs. Kutsch,
Carrie Kutsch. Emlle Kutsch. Emma Kutsch,
Lizzie Kutsch. Emelia - Kutsch, Mr. - and Mra.
Riordan, Mr. and Mrs. Buckley. Mr. and Mrs.
George W. Frank, Milton Frank, Herbert
Frank; Mrs. Sidney Robinson, Ethel Robinson,
Edith Robinson.. Edith Cllne, D. Klmball. C.
Reuben, W. Colgate, J. Kerr, Mr. and Mrs.
Llppert. Miss. Mae Llppert. Miss Irene Llppert,
Ethel Llppert. W. L. Llppert, Roy Whtpple.
AT TUSCAN SPRINGS-^-Dr. John B. Brajn
erd, Boston, Mass.; Robert Crawford. Portland;
C. W. Moreland. San . Francisco; John Boff.
Sacramento; George Pend, Portland: Mr. and
Mr*. G. A. Kelly. A. :Laskey and wife. J. M.
McCleay. Miss Susie Ragnn. San Francisco;
Mrs.. E. C. Tlmmerman. Oakland: Mm. Helen
M. Storrs. 1 P. F. Howard. H. Schuck and wife.
San Francisco; Thomas D. Balrterson. Miss J.
Kuhfeld. Sacramento i- Mr. and Mrs. Max Herr
mann, Ean Francisco; J. H. Zalln, Chlco;
Charles ¦ Zalesky, San Francisco: J. B. Kerr.
Redding; A. H. Rose. John Marchettl. San
Francisco: P. J. O'Conner, J. J. Carroll. Maur
ice Barry, Sacramento; Dan McDonald, Sis-
Fon: Alice Baldwin Amy Bailey. Mr. and Mra.
Fallon William J. MacLeod, M. Levy H.
G Sears. Mrs. M. .Flaher. H. J. Mitchell, C.
K*. Levy, San Francisco; T. J. Hawkins. West
Oakland; J. H. Blair. Sacramento; Mr. and
Mrs. F. H. Ward, Red Bluff; M. J. Glennon,
Arnew. ' ' . . ......
AT HOTEL ROWARDEN'NAN: From San
Francisco — Mr. nnd Mrs. Sidney Liebes, Miss
Throckmorton, Mra. M. S. Neugass, Mtrvyn
S. L. F Plerson Miss Violet K.
Arbright. Miss Rhoda O'Ferrall. Kirk Allen,
Mrs Wakefleld Baker, W. S. Porter. From
Oakland — Mra. Andrew Mosely ana children,
Mr. and Mra. G; Warren Campbell, John A,
Emery and daughter. Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Fos
ter, Mrs. L. J. Leland. Mr. and Mra. S. E.
Dutlon Dr. W F. Southard, Mr. and Mrs.
John- G. Whitson. Master Bertram Whltson.
From Ben Lomond — Mrs. M. A. Reynolds. H--
O. Wolfe. Dr. H. E. Aldersoh. Mrs. T. S. Van
Winkle. L.E. Van Winkle. Miss H. Van Win
kle. Mrs. Stephen Castle, MIjs Norrna Castle,
MRFtor Kent Castle. From Los Angeles — Mr.
and Mra. Sherman Pease, Miss Charlotte Lol
ly. From Berkeley— E, W. Major. From Oak
land — Fred Johnson. '
AT GILROT HOT SPRINGS: From San
Francisco— W. B. Hlnchman. L. F. Allen, E.
F. Coll1n» and wife, Edwin Collins, Mra. An
netta Cunftrmann. H. C. Tally and wife. MUs
May Larkey, Miss Nellie Matthews. P. H.
Walsh. Edward Thompson H. M. Bentley and
wife. Ihomas Wilson, C. M. Beck. Dick Hol
llngs, H. H. Burgard. James K. Fisher.
William Coogan, George II. Hauerken
and wife. Miss Irma Hauerken, Master George
H. Hauerken Mra. M Skelly, Miss Gertrude
Skelly. F. W. Hutchlnson, U. S. N.; F. P.
Bart. Thomas Johnson, L. N. Diller and wife,
E. M. Hulme, D K. Wright and wife. Mrs.
H. H. Magea. Miss Kathryne Magee. A. G.
Moore, George Scholler. N. J. Watson, T. | F.
Elder Mrs. ' D. C. Smith, S. C. Harms and
wife. Misa B. Harms L. N. Malson. M. C.
Rickey. Mrs., Ida Wessinger. Mrs. George Mo
ran. S. H. Fellows and wife, R. R. Bowery,
J. J. Wagner and wife.' James H. Langford,
wife and children. From Oakland — Mra. H.
Wilson. Mastrr Francis Wilson, Wilfred Wil
son. Mrs. A. E. Armstrong, Miss Vivian Arm
strong. From Alameda — W. F. Greer and wife.
W. J. Stephen. From San Jose — C. H.-Bow
cher, Hepry Brooke. Barney Taylor, W. Ker
sken. "Charles Scroth, K. F. Fross, Miss-Har
riett Watterscn. From Napa — George A. R.
Kimball, Mrs. V R. Tays. From Berkeley—
Mra. Ada Bacman. C. C. Fulton.
Francisco— A. Relss. L- Reiss and wife. Miss
I* Relss, Mrs. O. A. Rathbone, Mrs. George
Alexander. A, Strauss. Ur. and Mrs. Robert
Relnhart and son, Mrs. H. Goldman, - Mrs. S.
A. Magnes, Misa Muriel Wiley, Mrs. S. M.
Cooper and maid, " Miss Ethel Cooper. Master
Albert Cooper Herbert C Levy, H. • Goldstone.
wife and children; W. W. Eubanks. Raymond
Jackson, Ralph Plncus, Mrs. Richardson. Miss
Vincent. Miss Aileea McNutt and maid, Miss
Solomon, Mrs. A. Haroni, Miss Cora Saronl,
Albert Saront. Mr. and Mrv. M.- Kosenshinel,
Monroa Rosenshlne," Miss Edna Kottensalne,
Mrs. M. Rosenthal Miss Magner. Miss Sarah
Slagner, Miss Heiman, Mrs. M. AilU-r, Miss
Helen Adler, Mrs. Julius Jacobs. Mr. and Mr«.
Ira Bishop. Angus Bishop Mrs. Winifred Gar
route, Miss Aller, gamuel Simon. Mr.
and Mrs. George K Nolan, Mrs. J. Bousse,
Mr. and Mrs. N.'D*. Clarke S. G. Mlsh and
•wife. Mlss ; Rosebud Mish, MIsb Florence Ml»h.
Miss Beatrice Mlsh. Miss 1 Beatrice Guittard,
Miss Adrlenne' Guittard. J. - Leland Guittard,
Mrs. W. J. Dlnwoody, Mr. and Mrs. ¦ Frank
G. Noyes. a. L. Peyser, wife, .family and
nurse; Mrs. J. L. Danforth, Miss .; Dorothy
Danforth, Miss Wooster, Dr. and Mrs. Gall,
Miss Irene Joy. Miss -Alice Hastings, Charles
Hunt. Mrs. O. H.- Nathan and children. From
Sacramento— Mrs. Kllnesorge, Miss Kline
sorge, Heenry Quass and «on. From Honolulu—
E. T. Grady. ; .-;...; -;. • •-...,
AT NAPA SODA SPRINGS: From San
Josephine Baef, San Francisco; Chancey Ju
day. Boulder. Colo.: W. XV. Price. Alta; Adolph
Roos. A. Rothschild and wife. Master Monroe
Rothschild. Mrs. J. Brownstone. San Fran
cisco. - .... ;
AT THE TALLAC— Miss Louisette D. Cur
tis, San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. It. D.
Stephens,' Sacramento; F. M. Ames, 8am Blbo,
San Francisco: J. Matfleld. Miss D. Matfleld.
Los Angeles; . George D. Herrlck, Eureka; Mr,
and Mrs. C. W." Hibbard. I. Holmes, J Tay
lor and wife. A. F. Schlelcher. C. Harnett, J.
A. K'ller. Madeline Keller, H. A. Miller, O.
L. Blackmaa. W. L. Calhoun, J. C. Settle,
I. W. Cahen. Louis Macke. B. D. Dean. Peter
Crichton and wife. W. S. Qulnlan and wife, A.
S. Nelson and wife. Miss Alice Crichton, H. A.
Birth, I H. Birth, Henrietta. Birth. Alma
Birth. Mr.- and Mrs. H. A. Smith. Homer
Craig, Mlfs'Maud Jackson. Mr. and Mrs. J. A.
Gecca, Jj. N. Blngley; L. Livingston. San
Francisco: Benjamin Bauer, Reno; A. A. Wells,
George R Bauer, San Francisco; J. H. Mc-
Cabe. Berkeley; Charles Levy, W. H. Cameron
San Francisco; A. A. Johnston, T. Hallifax,
I^icta; Mrs. II. R. Cf?gro. Mlsa Coogro. Oak
land ; Ernest B. Macy. John F. Cassell, San
Francisco; H. P. O'Callaghan. Carson City:
Mr. and Mrs; C. A. Wlnshlp, Los Angeles;
H. Mlddleton, Mrs. M. E. Southworth. San
Francisco; W.- 8. ; Perkins, Reno; S. D. Bras -
tow Richard Aitabel. San Francisco; John
Rnook. M D., Walter Snook. Bakersfleld; J.
L. Scott. Dr. W. P. Wlllard and wife, San
Francisco: Dr.' A. Kremer, San Diego; Maude
A. Reed^ Coronado; Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Small,
Portland; Mrs. O. Pierce. Davlsvllle; H. B.
G*t«lson and 'wife. M. Heller and wife, p. N.
Walter Heller. Ruth Heller and nurse.- George
C. Oxnard and wife. Miss Blsa Gverding and
J. C. Ererdlng, San Francisco; T. F. Fitzger
ald. Ocean Park; Mr. and "Mrs. B. W r Heller
and maid. Master Walter S. Heller. MIsm F.
M. Stern and maid. San Francisco: Robert
Duncan, Louis- Hoffman. Mrs. John D. r Inaacs
and son. Mrs. Miles Standlsh, Mrs. James
IsaaCd, S. Crellin, 'Allan Standlsh. T. S. Crel-
Jln. H:"M. Barry. Oakland: A. K. Barry. Miss
AT LAUREL DELL: From San Francisco —
A. B. Truman. C. A. Owens. W. H. Wood.
Blanche A. Conlin, Kate F. Conlln. James B.
Conltn, Teresa Sullivan. Nonle Sullivan, Har
old Manor, Mrs. XV. Z. King. Mr. and Mrs.
F. M. Larkin. John Tunnlcllffe, J. E. Arlln
toh. Mrs. F. P. Kelly, Luclle B. Kelly. Mar
garet Doherty, Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Morong,
Gall C. Larkin, E. S. Darrta, E. P. Pausen.
W. Kimberley, Charles Jones and wife. Isador
F. Myers. Charles F. Miller, T. A. Richmond,
Mis* Bertha Schrelper. L. J. ScoofTy. Camll S.
Falk, L. E. Homer. Mr. and Mrs. C P. Jar
man, Arthur Rich. Kugtne Rich, A. 3. Grif
fith. James A. Watts, William McCarthy,
Thomas H. Dunn. Miss Josephine Cohen, Miss
Daisy Cohen. Mm. A. Falk. Ml«s Alice Folk,
Miss Edna Falk. Miss Hazel Falk, S. Kramer,
Edna Winchell. Mrs. Theo Langgreth, Mtcs
Dorothy Langgreth, L. M. Ewing. From Sac
ramento—Cecelia Atherton, Frank Ellenwood,
H. C. Hart and wife, Mrs. Sanders, Dr. A.
Miles Taylor. F. C. MeGlnnis. John Doling,
S. E. Sproule, II. B. Curtis. Edward Jones,
Miss Ellen James. E. Blake, Mra. I. K. Buck,
Mm. H. C. Fatrbank. Miss G. Falrbank. From
Oakland — J H. Flathman and wife, Mrs. P.
C. Black. Miss McMurry. Miss Ruddock. Colo
n«l A, Marks, Robert Duncan Birdie Mopney,
Louts Hlldreth, M. S. Sayre. Elsie Alley.
AT WILLOW RANCH— Mr. Thompson, wife
and sons, San Francisco; Mrs. F. Hill and
daughters. East Oakland; Mr. and Mrs. Rod
gere and children, San Francisco: Mrs. Ben
ton. Berkeley; Albert Way. James Torpey, Miss
J. M. Smith. Misses Ghlrardelll, Mrs. Ira J.
Hall and baby, San Francisco; Corporal Web
ber. Mare Island; Mrs. M. Wolters, San Fran
cisco; Mrs. J. Forth, Alameda; George Schwelt-
Mr and wife, San Francisco.
AT SOLID COMFORT HOME: From San
Francisco — Mrs. K. Zlmmarman, Masters
Milton and Charles Zimmerman. Mr. and Mrs.
J. D. Frey and children, C. B. Llndauer. Mrs.
A. H. Behrendt. Miss Eva Jacobs. A. Kremer,
Mrs. C. E. Richardson, Mr. and Mrs. R. Fink
ing, Master R. Finking. Mrs. Fillmore and
daughter. Mrs. F. Borgel and son. Miss Elsie
Horgel. Mrs. E. Spannagel and son. Miss IT.
Spannag«l. Miss F. Bpannagel. Mrs. P. Buck.
From Oakland — Mrs. R. E. ¦ Banske. Mrs. G.
Fotte, Master A. Fotte. From Alameda— Mrs.
C. E. Bain and two children. Mr. and Mra.
A. A. Arnold. Miss Gertrude Arnold. Miss
Laura Arnold.
AT UEHG55HEIM: From San Francisco^ —
Mr. and Mrs. I. I. Bloom, Mr. and Mrs. H. A.
Plate. J. J. Cass, H. Lubbeck. Miss R. Shagge.
Miss H. Borel. Miss E. Borel, Frank Bon?l. Miss
L. Cooper, Mrs. M. Fogarty, Miss A. M. Fo
garty, Mrs. A. Cejla. Mrs. M. Panario. From
Oakland — Mrs. C. Hansen, Dagiln Hansen.
Ruth . Hansen. Mr. and Mrs. Relchhold and
three children. Mrs. Sbermer, - Howard Sher
mer. From Alameda — Mrs. Perks, . Harriet
Perks. Mrs. Droscher, Mabel Droscher.
AT MARK WEST SPRINGS: From San
Frandeeo-rMre. Frankenburg, M. Franken
buiB, Master G. Frankenburg, Mr. McMahon,
Mr. Muhl. Mr. Walter and wife D. Cohen,
Mrs. D. Cohen. Miss Mary Sabers. Mr. Schrl
btr, Mrs. T. Hannak. children and' nurse; Miss
A. L. Arper. Frances Wllhelmlna Taylor, Mrs.
B,- Woolfe* Mrs. Windt,- Georg* Morrell. Mrs.
John Ii. Sammi, John Cogswell, J. P, Cham
berlin. Norman Llvermore. Mrs. David" Be-
STUhl. Norman Dorman. Mr. Pett, H,- Dlerks
W. 1). Johnson, Miss Cora Cozad, Mrs. Rosen
crantz. Pauline ¦ Ros'encrants Mra. George See
llg. .Miss Ruth Seellg. M. Rosenfeld, I; Wall
tisch, Mr. Schmit, Miss Kiener. Mrs. Klener.
Miss Holtz. Mrs. A. Jacobs. A. Jacobs, Mr« ;
Holtz, Mrs. Curry. Mrs. Schmit, Mr. Armtr,
Mrs. ¦ Myers, lire. lti>aenthal, Mrs. Dorman,
Miss Dormffn. Mrt.' Baker, Hf. Parks, Mrs.
Parkir Mlsr Parks'. '-. - • , .
AT THE SWANTON HOUSE. Pesca
d»iro: From San Francisco— Mr. Shuen
ffclt, J. D. Wadsworth, Leslie H. Fen
treta, N. ,E. LJoyd. Bert Gunzburjer,
J. G. Walter, Mr. Haines, A. E. Tup
pan, H. A. Gray, Gus Wolf, A. F. Blom
qulst. J. J. Pettee. H. R. Stettin Jr.. E. J.
Doran and wife, E. L. de Arman. M. W. Clark
and son. F, Danger. A. \V. Ottenheimer, Wllr
liam Laun. R. L. Cro<jkF, wife and children:
Mr. Menzel. W. L. Husch, Walter Foley. C.
XV. Hartman. \V. J. Nixon, wife and child;
C. P. Chxisceneen. G. M. Sprasrlns. E. O.
Chandler, Miss Beile Butlers. »oni Halfmoon
Bay— M. V. Francis. J. B. Hays, Everett
Schuyler, Joseph Dancri. George Debenedettl,
Lottie Shoults. From Newark— John A. Lynch,
Alex Keck. From San Jose — R. C Shcppard.
From Woodaide — Mr. and Mrs. J.- A. Fo!ger
and three tiabies. Misses C. E. -and- S E. Cun
ningham. ' From Redwood City— Jim Cronk, K.
Cloud and wife, H. Underhill. From Denver—
11. Cowan. , Harry Lee. From Lo,s Angeles-
Arthur Wheeler. From Oakland— William D.
Armes. M. J. Bluel, Mrs. C. XV. Burdlck and
daughters. W. F. Maxwell and wife. From
San Mateo— H. G. Houghton. F. Seeker, Mr.
and Mr*. C. J. Foster, Miss Foster, Mr. and
Mrs. E. Van Bergen. Miss Van Bergen, J. W.
Van Urrgcn, Mr. and Mrs; E. C. Anderson.
From Santa Cruz — Miss May Baldwin Mrs.
J. B. Stoddard. A. Sharpe, Bruce Sharp*,
Ronald Whlttaker. Alan Robertson. From Ala
meda — Nathan Stein. From Harrison — E. H.
Treadwell. XV. T.- Wright. From Berkeley—
H. R. Ebright. C. B. : tlrats and »on. From
fcrultvale — J. J. Bliss and wife, Tony George-.
From Colma — Joseph A. Davis.
AT TAHOE TAVERN: From San Fran
cisco—Dr. W. R. P. Clark and wife. C. H.
Morrell and wife. Miss M. C. Sheridan, Miss
H. G. Sheridan. Mme. K. Artigues. Miss A.
Artlgues, Achille >Artisruea, Miss M. R. Sarr
g^ent. Miss' E. Dean, F. C. Chinn and wife,
K. A. Klumpp and wife. . 2j. Rogers and wife.
MIbs M. Rogers. Miss C. Rogers E. II. Grlf
nn. Miss L,uy Uahdeld, E. I> Hothschild, £.«
telle Carpenter. F. P. Parsons, Samuel Rosen
helm. S. D. Ivee, S. W. Heller and wife, W.
S. Hobart, J. H. Small and wife A. I. Baer.
Miss Alice Baer, Mibrf J! Baer. Miss S. Hoch
stein. Miss L. Brldgeman H. Robert Braden,
L. E. Hillen. J. A. McCrystal, A. F. Brinham,
Laura McCord, A.- F. Leavltt, U C. Swarta,
Miss M. Tainier.. E. Talnler. E. J. Baldwin,
J. IL Scott and wife. E. O. Scott and wife,
L.. J. Phelps, E. Blumkin. E. J. Nixon. A.
Rothschild and wife. J. M. Rothschild. Mrs.
J. Brownstone. MUs Helen Anderson. H. E.
Chandler, Carson; Mrs* Charles W. Farnham,
Fruitvale; Helen Gardner, J. O. Miner. .Mrs.
Charles E. Cotton, Miss Daisy ' Coolt. E. H.
Gratvljean, Oakland.: C. M. Zttlei\ Reno; Dr.
A. Kraenrer. San Diego: C. W. Perry Reno;
P. C. Edwards, Stafford; Ed Squires, Hobart
Mills; Miss Alice AVUliams, . New York; W.
\V. Price. Alta; Mrs. H. A. Crawford. Napa;
Mrs. A. L. Bryan and family, "Najja; A. C.
Brown. Los Angelee; C; P. Campbell, A. Jack
son, Reno; Mis* M. Stenson Reno; Miss Sten
¦on. Knoxvllle HI.; R. C. Reynolds. Saylor
burg. Pa. ; 6. \V. Gregor>% La Belle. Mo.; \V.
E. Heglnman. Hazen, Nov.: Mra. W. D.
Webb. Charlotte, N. C. ; G. H. Newell, wlfa
end child. Sacramento; Mra. C. \V. Kayser,
New York; Mrs. C. C. Hughes. Oakland; Miss
A. Caldwi'U, 'Alameda; JE. t>. Bated, Verdi.
and wife. From Sant* Cruz— Mrs. K. C. Cope,
Mlfi; May Baldwin. From San Jose — Miss D.
Ogly. Mrs. G. Ogly, F. A. Grifflng. J. A. Mi
ner. Miss J'c rrin. Mi«a Maud Perrin, Arch
Ptrrin. Kroin J^owerys — J. C. Hodxe. . From
Watsonvillp — Mrs. J! G. Prastky; From Salinaa
— Mrs. S. Iioroda, L«on V. Hughes. From Sac
ramento— R. A. .V, Van Norden, H. Stlllman.
Miss Marie Col* man. Miss Bell Morris, Mra.
EUiel Sexton. From Alameda— C. E. PlttiB.
From_>'ew York— Mrs. E Jones. Mr. and Mr«.
Morgan. From Hollisler— Mrs. W. Higley.
FYom Jeffersun City — E. B. - Ewing. From
Stockton — William Anglis and wife. From
New York — Frank Hearon. From Reno, N«v.
— Mm. N. H. Hood. From Milwaukee — E. J.
Jones and wife. From Benicia — L.. J. Powers.
From Berkeley — Professor \V. J. Osterhaut and
family. From Oakland — John A. Beckwlth,
Dr. A. Fain. Mr. and Mrs. II. D. NMchols. Miss
Mads^n. From Arizona — Miss F. Jones.
SUMMER DAYS ARE LURING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE > 26; 1904.
Continued on rage 30, Column 3.
38
' •''-"¦'¦-. ¦•»¦¦- -¦ NEWMAN -A IiEViySON. ~ -
MAILORDERS f^*"^ C^J(^ * If Ycu Live
From Out-of-Town /TV^VX Af f WV\ nr rtfW /-^Tlmvf fV^K/fW^ Out-of-Town and
Patrons ©l\JlfiWjU^^ Want to Be Sure
Executed Promptly ,, Cn u fl1 . ctP wST^iL --—^3^ Before You Buy,
and Accurately ' Kearny and Sutter StS.'^-- 5^^^^^ Write for Samples
Store Opens 8. SO Jt. Af., Closes 5^SO P. : M.
WE ANNOUNCE FOR cTWONDAY AND TUESDAYj-1 f
A CAT 17* f~\ "IT
j . . . • . a\. O u\. JL, JL, \J r
Ladies' Summer Underwear
— — — — c/4i Extremely Low Prices j',
(Main Aisle Kearny St.)
During the past few weeks we have been able -to give some excellent Underwear values, but
none to equal those we will have arranged for your selection to-morrow. All are thoroughly de-
pendable garments, at prices you'll wonder at when you examine the quality.
Ladies' Swiss Ribbed VESTS, of fine Ladles' Ribbed Equestrienne TIGHTS Ladies* Spun Silk TIGHTS, Swiss
•quality lisle, low neck and sleeve- of fine quality cotton, In knee or ribbed, in cream, pink, sky and
less; white only; real value ankle length; real value 75c; tA _ black; real value $i-75> *j ->r
40c, at 25C at *> uc at «£1.ZO
Ladies' Fine Cotton VESTS, Swiss Ladies' Plated Silk VESTS, Swiss Ladies' Lisle UNION SUITS, In.
ribbed, with pretty hand-crocheted ribbed, with yokes beautifully cro- long or short sleeves, also sleeve-
yokes and sleeveless; real - A dieted by hand; real value e . 1 nrt less; 'white only; real tl 1C
,valu=7scat .....5UC $1.25, at.. value $1.75, at ipl.xO
Specials in Ladies' Outing Skirts
• • (Third Floor Kearny St.)
' There are Separate Skirts that are pretty and dressy — just the thing to wear on your Summer
outing- — and prices were never so low, for instance :
Washable Dress Skirts, tailor-made of Tramping Skirts, tailor-made of Covert Tailor-made Pique Skirts, made with
navy-blue Duck, in latest i nft cloth, in gray, tan or blue, *- nn opeasldes and inverted pleats a- y-
flare style, special at Ipl.UU perfect fitting; splendid value «pX.UU in the back ; 7 gore flare «P^.O
Washable Dress Skirts of mercerized Outing Skirts of white Pique, with WalkingSklrtsof Alpaca, In blackand
Satren, in" nf at polka dot i -.^ blue dots; finely tailored and £~ - A navy-blue, some self-trimmed a* »g
effects; skirt prettily tucked «pl.UU trimmed with embroidery IpZ.oO others with silk straps
¦:. ¦..¦¦¦ SPECIAL INDUCEMENTS IN ~~~
rortieres, Lounge Covers and Tapestries
, (Second Floor Sutter St.) J
Choke TAPESTRIES, 5° inches wide, TAPESTRY PORTIERES, in Roman TAPESTRY LOUNGE COVERS,
in baj;dad, "oriental stripe and floral, stripes and solid colors, 50 inches 6o inches wide, 3 yards long, fringed
¦ designs — excellent qualities, worth wide and 3 yards long, fringed top all round, exquisite oriental designs,
75c and $1.00 per yard, cn and bottom. on on red, green and blue *>~ Cft
'at ., Out. Special, per pair $Z./U ground, each «pj..5U
Splendid Values in Bathing Suits
(Third Floor Kearny St.)
Ladies' Bathing Suits, of Alpaca and Misses' Bathing Suits of navy-blue Boys' two-piece Wool Bathing Suits,
Serge, in black or navy-blue, with Jersey cloth, rolling collar; entire in black, navy-blue and red;, with
large red or white sailor a« Cft suit trimmed with braid; &* -^ neat stripis— fine fitting and^ ,_--
, collar; special, per suit.-. .. *P*»jU excellent value, per suit «pl«DU serviceable; per suit ....Jpl.iO
Veilings At 1 2c a Yard Silk Mesh Gloves
. (First Floor Kearny St.) . (First Floor Kearny St.)
. An excellent opportunity to obtain stylish We secured 720 pairs of these stylish Gloves
Veilings at a very low price. Several hundred at a special price concession. They have two
yards of Tuxedo Veilings, in plain and fancy clasps and neatly embroidered backs — colors are
meshes, with chenille and velvet dots, in black white, gray, mode, tan, brown and black. If
and black and white mixed — Veilings . bought in the regular way they could T^J
that sell regular!^ at 25c, 35c and 1 J^r> not be sold forTess than £1*00 a pair; §^\n
50c a yard — on sale Monday... > a^W sale price to-morrow..... »//>*V
Pretty Net Scarfs Good Towels, 10c Each
(Second Floor Kearny Bt.) (Second Floor Sutter Street)
In our Art Needlework Department we are This offering should interest every house-
displaying an exceedingly large variety of keeper and hotel proprietor. 600 dozen bleached
Brussels Net Scarfs, suitable for bureau, side Huckaback Towels, with red striped borders, size
board. and table decorations. They are 20 inches i3x36-new and perfect goods, hemmed ready for
wide and 54 inches long— in daintv applique and use — nothing better made for strength. - -•
hand-rriade Batfenberg braid effects. Rrices' an d durability —entire purchase on sate T{jr
range...... ....60c, 75c, $1.00 and $1.25 each to-morrow at the very low price of; each l*£z.~
,./¦¦¦¦ ' „:• ADVXSTIS22CE2JTflL *, ;: A4.*,^
¦' ¦ • •
BMEW THIS Waiil,
"3599 Saxmh MaeComb, wboM t*Jr V» «W *^*«*rJ~?r tm *?: ™* V*7 Dtaaaw^ cow «ha*.loitn*«-
touche* the floorwli«n«he sUod» erect, CHl^S^'lJra d7w&?w^^ ton* Wr fa the varid. ujx "1 fcsv« nsea
tkja: "Myh*lriw«ldiotmchb«low «^*£I&l!Pj£iZJZLz££™ J fflwlta *» i » *» V*k mi **?****>
xny waist whea I commenced vtlxxg itrtS W mri£b «Z %±S[ "***! rown otw obdtic la** «*«rr moath
Dafiderine, ana it is now over fire feet * . h«ir em buhimgj by a ch.M of bm *&. ,_,__ —^^ r , m .. t , T t. >--> .. ' «_
in length. (Look «t her beautiful Jo^^M^rfcSderfs^Xcfcrtdd ¦«*.,- ties." (Mia Densmore wrha m mdu r»
; y hMk and .M^n£netf whether <x cent date tba, D^derine h«l «.*» be, b«»
; I rot Bhe got toe warCn oz her money.) enough *> m»c» i)m l*>r«h«« >h« stands erect by grow three feet lonrrr thaa it was aaturaOfV
' ¦••-.; ;,.'.','¦-,'. ;•;.-¦;¦¦; ttm*m\.1**y-*,*i. t and Jg ttffl growiar.)
$1.000^^ { IFRETTY SUBSTANTIAL! L^^!^^^"-
p^ r ™ P t..« a^i-o ; rrlUUr Ur nrltKIl I xzzzrzr-iT psEmi^raEsiae.
!»«*»« «rt«»«ftciu4. I IS IT NOT? 2esj^T7 mmm (Ei&prh^'*^*?
-——.I-—. To show how quickly Dande'rine acts we will send a large sample free by return' mall to anyone who sends
¦TliljL; this advertisement to the KnOWLTON DANDERUSTE COMFAinr, CHICAGO, with their 'name and address
r< %€ |i r' - ¦¦• and 10-cts. in silver or stamps to pay postage. NOW at all druggists In three sizes. 25c. 50c and $1.00 per
I IliiuJU bottle.,, ... . .
: yffiMftSfeSTSx ;REDINGTON & CO., Wholesale Agents.
JLPVEBTISEttENTS.
I Developing
& printing
At CUT PRICES
J have no competitors In this busi-
ness, so far ps high quality of work,
compared wtta price, is concerned.
My reputation on this work Is cafe.
Bo Is your work when you order of
me. Order now and you'll continue
to order in future. Here are a few
of my figures:
BEvx&OFnro:
Boll of 8 lOe | Roll of 12.. .16c
J PH.IHT1WO:
I Sotlo finish .tc to Ra
{ Vclox finish 3c to (ic
j XTSE OATLIOIT LOADING
I niMS. 1 sell them at popular
}: prices,
j Mall Orders Promptly Filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
if F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
\i X0C8 XCark«t St., Above Pojl-elL 1
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other racial blemishes are removed by
Mra. Dr. A. W. TH A VERSE, nee LOIS GRAY.
Dosoboe bulldlnr. 1170 Market St.. cor. Taylor
moms 28-29.. wttb the electrle needle; perm-
atency guaranteed; bears 1 to 4 p. m.Some men stop drinking: for the
pleasure of beginning 1 once more.
AT SODA BAY RESORT: From San Fran
tisco — Judge S. C. Denscn and wife, Georg*
E. Ames and wife, DorvIHe LIbby, Mr.- and
Mrs. H. BI Montague, Mr. and Mrs. L. S.
Quimby. Ruth Qulmby. C. G. Gebhardt. Mrs.
Gebhardt. Miss A. Gebhardt. From Alameda—
Miss L. F. Bunker. From Mill Valley — Miss
K. E. Bunker. From Berkeley— Mrs. L. M.
Haley. Frcm San Francisco— Mrs. Bert So
rc-netn. From Stanford University — Ben S.
Alien. From University of ¦ California — Evan
Williams. From San Francisco — A. B. Cald
n-ell. Hit. A. B. Caldwel!, Mr. and Mrs. Lar
kln. Kra. Carl Larkln. John Queenschiff.
From University of ' California — Percy V-
Rowell. From Berkeley — Mrs. O. N. Rowell.
From San ¦ Francisco — Nonle Sullivan, Teresa.
Sullivan. Kate Cbnlln, Blanche Conlln. From
Manila. P. I. — Mr. and Mrs. C. P. Jasman,
James B. Conlln. From San Francisco — Caro
line Dowllns. Prom Berkeley— Mary Gatla
jrher. From Highland Springs — Mrs. B. F.
ICerr. From San Francisco— Mrs. J. Curtis.
Mrs. P. H. Lacy, Miss L. Curtis. W. H. Lln-
AT WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS/ Vallejo:
From San Francisco— Mr. and Mrs. Rud
dick, Mrs. Greenhood. Rhoda Greenhood,
Charles Llndman. Mr*. Llndman. George
Peterson, Mrs. G. Learn. Mrs. E.
Cooper, Mrs. M. Weibe. Mrs. Robert
McMichael. Mrs. Mary Lewis, Mrs. James
Keenan, Mrs. M. Malone. > Mrs. Sheila. Mlxs
A. Gray. Mrs. James Wood, Mrs. Thomaa J.
Seaton. F. J. Seaton. Mrs. John A. Cunning
ham. M. E. Nixon. Miss Jennie Porter, Mrs.
J. Robinson. A. Alexander, G. J. Lynch. F.
McChlskey John H Brophy, Mrs. Brophy,
Mrs. Lillian Kerwin, Frank Kerwln. H. F.
Ilartzell, John Corder.Mra. Breselian, M. Mc-
Nomara. S. Prudorff. F. H. Maloney. Georgs
Weass. Thomas Gunderson, L. Markwlti. Mrs.
Dr. M. Salomon, Irma Salomon. Eddie Salo
mon. Amanda Salomon, Helen Kornfield. Her
man I-ando, W. E. Johannsen, Miss A. E.
Hale. Sol Greenhood. Mrs. Joe Simon. J. W.
Bolin, Robert Murden. A. C. Schumpf. Harry
Billings. Mrs. Prill. E. W. Herzo*. Mr*. Her
zog. John J. Herzog. B. Price. Mr. and Mrs.
Klopstock. Miss Tess E. Klopstock, Miss Ma
bel Peters. Miss France* Roderick. F. Klop
stock. Mlrs M. 12. Kcndrlck. From Berkeley —
Mr and Mrs. A. Chaires and family, G. A.
Hcllman. From Oakland— Mr. and Mrs.
Charlpa ITufschmldt. Walter Hufschmldt. From
Vallejo — Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Walsh, Morgan
Jonep. Charles Manerke, Mrs. Burns and fam
ily Mrs. Koch. Mrs. Green. Miss Inez Farmer.
AT HIGHLAND SPRINGS: From San
Francisco — R. E. Hammond. Miss Carrie Blelly,
J. F. Sullivan and family, Charles G. Geb
liardt and family, Mrs. James Rucker and
family, Mrs. George Herrmann and family.
J. XV. Morong and wife. Mrs. J; P. Curtis and
daughter. H. E. Mathew*. M. M. Gopcevlc.
J. II. Bruckhurst. Mrs. Semmel and daughters,
L. A. Hedger, Mrs. H. Flannery, Miss Irene
Flannery, R. T. Wall and wife, . A. S. Davis,
W. H. LInforth. T. J. Roche, E. A. Bunker,
L. Van Vllet. F. A. Hicks and wife. I. Levy
and wife, M. Heynemann and family, Mrs.
J. C. Jurgens Miss Irene Rademacker, Mrs.
S. F. Earl. W. H. Alford. From Woodland —
R.- H. Beamer, Miss Beamer. Joe Beamer, Miss
Carmen Clowe, J. Craig, Mrs. J. Craig. Miss
Mary A. Cr«lg. Mlsa Cassle Craig. From Oak
land — H. Wleking and son, C. Martin and
son, O. F. Breillngr, J. H. Flathmann and wife
Mrs. J, M. Taylor. R. W. Taylor. From Ala
meda — S. L. Center and wife. Miss E. B.
Falkenham, D. L. Corbett, Miss G. Fairbank.
T. D. Stevenson. From San Rafael — W. P.
Tayer Jr. From Menlo Park — J. B. Coryell,
wife, child and maid. From. San Mateo — Miss
J. Bob.
Miss Vnorhels. From Sacramento— Fred Storrs.
From Yreka— James D. Falrchlld. F. B. Ack
erman, F. I. Woodbury, C. J. Luttrell, Irving
Eddy. From Redding — Mrs. Page Crelghton,
Mrs. A. L. Webb. From Klamath Falls — N.
M. Sewell. From Now York — E. A. Lowit.
From Kansas — Mr. and Mrs. D. C. Whltaker.
AT KLAMATH SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco — Ituylies C. Clark, W. D. James and
v/tfe. N. Gyle. From Oakland— Miss Mathen,
From Sutter Creek — Senator E. B. Voorhels,
v • •
AT RIVERSIDE! HOTEL. SANTA CRUZ:
From San Mateo — W. C. Parsons and wife.
Miss ParBOns, Charles Vanderbus and wife.
From Fresno — J. D. Cunningham and family,
Mrs. T. E. Burke and child. From Woodland
— J. B. Morrison and family. Salt Lake City,
T'tah— W. W. <'hl*holm and wife- Newark,
N. J.— Mrs L. M. Raker. E. A. Colby. Santa
<- ruJ! — D. Jonas. Orangeburg. S. C. — L. M.
Dunton. (Irrt^r County — W. H. Tackltt. Los
Angples — S. Peaf and wife. Mercfd — Wallace
• Iray. San Francisco — Mr. and Mrs. R. Rlor
nanand children. Mrs. E. W. Marlow, Miss
Emily Marlow. Mis* Louise Marlow. Mrs. J.
«\ Fltsch«-n. Myrtle Fltschen. France* Fltschen.
Mr. and Mrs. F. de Farrarl and child. Mr. and
Mr«^- J. Hlrsch and two children, II. Ham
burger, A. Stein. L. Auerbach and wife.
AT INDEPENDENCE LAKE HOTKT>— A. E.
Chandler and wife, Carson City; Mrn. A. L.
Curtaz, Miss L. J. «"*urtaz San Francisco;
lAjuise Kfllorg. Miss N V. Jones, Miss C. F.
Center. Oakland; J. F. Cole and family. Dr.
C W. Richard*. Henry Dlscqu*\ Miss McNul
ty. San Francis.*); Moore Gordon. Truckee; J.
W. Wolf. S. (J. FMshman. Pan Francisco;
Mrs. G. I>. Cunningham, Master Arthur Cun
ningham. Oakland: Miss I-ois Kohn. Miss Julie
Kohn, S«n Francisco; Frank M. Howard. Miss
Lena Hamm^rly. Miss Amanda Hammerly.
Oakland; Miss C. 5|: Craig. Miss Mary B. Nye,
Mlfs Josephine B. Nye. Florence A. Ryder,
Oretta I* Donnelly. San Francisco; XV. XV.
Hrownell and wife. Woodland: Mr«. E. J.
Hulme. Miss A. Hulme. San Francisco; Se
llm E. Woodworth. Berkeley: Mrs. C. II.
Hoops. Ethel B. Hoops. Chicago; Mrs. Johnson,
Virginia City.
AT TirE GEYSERS: From San Francisco-
William a. Falrgrieve, T. E. West. Robert
McMahon. Jamfs V. S. Gleason, J. R. Meyer
A. C Mayer. T. C. Jackson, EH E. Harter,
Hayden <ie Lany, Vincent I'. Buckley ana
wife, John P. Buckley, Adrian V. Buckley, J.
T. Pie-per. John Reyerson, H. W. Felton, Cail
Colonens, H. C. Symonds. M. WllllarnBon, C.
M. Hawthorne, W. S. Tllton, W. F. Curley,
Frank Sullivan. H. Van Luvan and family,
E. Kahn and wife, Mr. and Mrs. Dietz F. W.
Uietz, K. \\. Dietz, M. J. ilonahan and wife,
M. L. Mayer, J. Llchtig. P. Markowitz and S.
L. Scluniii. From Oakland — August Manasse.
Frank Banr, W. E. Parrlsh James Barry,
H. Barlow, Airs PrentiM Selbv. Arthur Se!by,
Albert Kagerstrom. Charles Camdcn, Mr. and
Mrs. A. C. Ulchards. From Cloverdale: Alice
Grace Caldwell, Kthel Caldwel! and E, M.
Shefford. From Point Richmond— R. C. King
and wife. From Mendoelno — R. J. Campbell.
From San Leandro — Jf. L. Whelan and C. J.
Gleaeon. From Pine Flat— J. L. Uttnn and
wife. From Kenwood — Captain F. M. Ward
and Mies B.*Biolettl. From Dublin. Ireland—
Mils Drummond. From Healdsburg Miss
Mabells Ehelford and C. Ford Barnee." From
Springs— Neva J. Board and E.
Board. From i'etaluma — Eva I. Gibson. From
GeyEervllle-r-Frank Gordon. From San Rafael
— Mathew Knvanagh. From Novato — Mr. and
Mrs. Paul Lepoids. From Greenwich, Scot
land—Mr, and Mrs. Thomas Black, R. H.
Ccrry. From San Francisco — Thomas W.
CushlRff. James A. White. J. W. Par
tell, Hiss Grozelier, Cecile Grorelier. Jo
seph A. Oliver. Miss Mary E. Oliver, H.
Neuhaus and two sons, Annie M. Hagarty,.
Annie W. narrower, Alice G. Hagarty, Helen
I. McCaulfy, J. E. Pamplin, Charles Hilbard,
wife and child, H. T. Payne and wife Martha
Rooney. Miss Alice Smith, Mlsa Marlo'n Crock
er. Henry J. Crocker, Dr. Caroline Rosenberg,
Miss Ruby Tonn, Mrs. I. Indlg and son, Mll
lon 11. Seelig. I.. Dennis. Herbert C. Curtis,
Matthew McElheran, Louis Cohen, Laura M.
Nefll. Flora 1. Fenton. Phebe L. Theall,
•Marparrt E. Theall, Cassandra FenpWh, Joseph
Cohen. S. Wetstphal, August J. J. Lutx P II.
Griffith. H. M. McKInlpy, P. Spltzer, li. Dem-
Ing. F. Brauer. S. R. Sncad. Arthur C. Meyer,
F. E. Swanson. C. Nelson A. Armstrong, C.
Mlllard. On Nelson. A. Jefferson. Carl Oswald,
Arthur Barnes, S. Runyan, J. Lechie, W. Mc
<'olcan. R. Ofhlman, W. Gunn, H. C. Boyd,
II. J. Kramer. II. McKean, W. Downing, Jack
McKenzio, II. W. Felton, T. H. Hayos, Tom
J-Hine. A. McColgan, C. Becker C. Jones, Otto
• '. Peterson. S. (larkson. Caroline Dowllng,
Mr?. H. NeuhauF. V. C. Hyde, wife and child,
and Georsr« L. Murdock. From Oakland— Seth
Milthorp, Charles Larson John Stewart, E. II.
Woolispy. Mr*. A. T. Coffin. Miss Martha Cof
fin. Miss Edith Coffin, J. T. Chandlor, V. G.
Nelson. From Point Richmond— J. R. Ny
stroni and family, • H. Fitz»immon« and fami
ly. John Perez an.) T. F. . Frimlln. From
K*!rkf>l«»y_Gertnide Heywood. Mrs. J. R. Oak
ley and child. .William Smyth. Mary Galla
jrher and C. Lary. From Cloverdale — J. 4-..
Peterson and wife. From Alameda — MIfs J.
'Kebby.. C. P. Pond and H. Postal. From
Satlcoy— Roy Steeele. From Santa. Rosa—
A. I>. Peterson and family. Mrs. A. Wright and
R. C. Brfwcr. From Oil City, Pa.— J. Fox.
From Nlcanlo — T. Rodger*. From San Ra
fnel—M. Fitzgerald and wlfp. From Vallejo —
A. Rpeve and wlf?. From Pinole— E. W.
Currj-.
AT BLUE LAKES: From San Francisco:
J. JLi. Mason, Mary T. Gallagher, Mlsa Caro
line Dowllng. Clarence Coleman, Miss L'.zsia
Barrj'. Miss Adeline. Barry, Mrs.' Ben New
man and eouc. Miss Elizabeth Henkel, L. N.
Fryon. li. i~. Buckman, Mrs. Kip, L. H. Jlun
bon, J. C Klnslow. Ijr. Emil Steltzner. wife
and child. Dr. C. G. Bush and family. J. Gol
lober and family, J. L. Lecser and eon, Mis*
B. Hawker, Master Theo. Maynaro, Mrs.
Phillip Hastings, Nana baker, Freda Luedsra,
Carrie Warnstrom, Mrs. H. Koberts Miss Ca
milla Robert?, W. C. Hofen, II. A. Lunsmann,
fharles H. Lunsmann, Mrs. Muller. Henry
I.untmann. Miss D. Muller. Will Lunsmann,
Mrs. E. Happersberger, Miss Anita Happers
txrzer. F. C. Mclnnlss, L. B. Kramer, B. O.
Hart and wife, Mrs. O. Kerby, Mrs. Theophlle
Lahaye, Li. C. Corbierre and wife, Mies Mabel
Baker.
Continued From Page SS, Column 7.
forth. From Lakeport— H. D. La Motte, Mrs.
H. D. La Motte, Miss Anna La Motte. From
San Francisco— John C. Cuneo, L. J. Madlgan.
P. J. Krelllher, Mrs. E. M. Doud, Dorothy
Doud, Georce Roache, P. H. Lacy. From
Lakeport — Frank A. von-Sturmer, George H.
E. Neal. Mrs. Ida E. Neal. From VacAvllle—
T. H. Buckingham and son. From Lakeport —
Miss Nellie Sailor, G. M. Churchill. From
San Francisco — Charles Jessen. From ¦ Buck
ingham Park — John Timothy. From Highland
Sprints — S. E. Kroenke, Mrs. A. E. : Kroenke.
From Oakland— Miss B. Jurgens. From High
land Springs — O. , F. Bledlng. R. - F. Kerr.
From San Fnlncisco— L. Van Vllet, D. "B.
Ffiktor. Mrs. D. B. Faktor. Miss Amelia Fak
tor. Master Rudolph Faktor. From Lakeport —
Miea May. From Kelseyvllle — G. W. Plner Jr.
From Lakeport— F. E. Watklns, Mrs. F. E.
Watklns Curtis Thompson, Maude Reintz. J.
I* Cook. From Lakeport— Gertrude Clark.
From San Francisco — Miss M. Wambold. ' Har
vey W'ambold. From Sacramento — G. T.
Thompson,- Q. C. Thompson, Charles C Smith.
From San Francisco — Charles H. Lunsmann,
He nry Lunsmann, Willie Lunsmann, H. A.
Lunsmann, Mrs. D. Muller, Miss D. Muller.
From Alameda — John T. Owens and wife, L.
L Schuler, W. F. Schuler. From Highlands —
Mr. Kerr, Mrs. Kerr, Miss Jurgens, W. F.
Bieding. From San Francisco — John J. Drls
co!I. Alfred E. Rcncovierl. From Highland
Springs — Frank George. From San Rafael —
Will A. Taylor Jr. KYom San Francisco — N.
Goldstein. From Kelseyvllla — C. A. Cady.
From Berkeley — T. D. Stevenson. From San
Francisco— J. A. Leale, Ray Leale, J. McDon
ald, Mies Catherine Truman, A. B. Truman,
II. Peters and family, Anna Broas, Mr. • and
Mrs. Mearns, Ida Meams, Mrs. H. P. Flannery.
Irene Flannery,, Clarence Colman. Albert A.
Ros'nshine. Mrs. A. B. Truman, Mr. and Mrs.
R. T. Wall. Mrs. B»n Newman. Karl J. New
man, Btn Newman Jr., Miss Elizabeth Heuple,
Miss L. A. Barry.- H. E. CcoUgon and wife,
W. C. Hofan. From Lakeport— Captain J. A.
nrundace and wife. From Berkeley-jCarrU M.
Warnstrom. Freda l/ueders.
Summer Days Are Luring
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 26, 1901.
39
AMUSEMENTS.
GRANDS
positively last Tfl.Unrrflw Nlvht
WEEK COMMENCING I 0-KIOllOW MSM
Special Mvtlnee Next "Wednesday at 2.
Last Matinee Next Saturday at 2. .
DAVID BELASCO
PRESENTS MRS.
Leslie Carter
In His New Play.
DU B/V?S HY
PRICES— $2.00, ?1.60.' fr.PO, 75c and 50c.
BEGINNING NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE.
J f\ MES NBILL
And the Original Neill Company in
Barbara Prletcfile -
" Best Reserved- Seat In Orchestra, 50c.
ALGAZArVS^
-General Manager.
LAST TIME TO-NIGHT
Of the- Clyde Fitch Comedy.
LOVERS'.'. LANE
Evk., 25c to 75c. Mats. Thurs. &, Sat., 25c to 50c
TO-MORROW NIGHT— ALL THE WEEK.
Opening: of Annual Summer Season.
WHITE WHITTLESEY
"With the " Alcazar Stock Company In
SOLDIERS OF FORTUNE
Richard Harding; Davis' Thrilling Story of
Adventure. . .
To follow— WHITE WHITTLESET in "ONE
SUMMER'S DAY."
CENTRALS
Market street, near Eighth, phone South 533.
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT LAST
TIME " •
• of the Mammoth Revival, of ...
LIGHTS CT_ LONDON
TO-MORROW NIGHT— ALL NEXT WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
First Time here of the StronK Heart-Interest
¦..«-..- . Drama, | . .
|POWEROFTHECROSS|
Magnificent Scenic Effects! Brilliant Cast!
PDirCC Evenings ..10c to ROc
[AIWCJ Matinees 10c. 15c. C5o
I I VU LI house.
TO-NIGHT I .
, TO-NIGHT at 8 Sharp
¦Tfe >a*"^. Bm» ¦ li I , WITH THE
ROBIN ?F
HOUII. ARTISTS.
• Seats Always Selling— 25c, 50c. 75c.
Usual Tlvoll Prices— Oaly Matinee Sat.
Last Week of the Hilariously Funny Bur-
lesque,
THE MORMONS.
With Our. Extraordinary Cast.
Gem Choru» of Forty.
A World of Novelties.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
SAME POPULAR PRICES,
....SPBCIAtj ...
Commencing With Monday. July 4. First Time
Here of ."A LUCKY STONE."
Something entirely \new and an entirely new
company. Dorothy . Morton. ¦ Queen • of Bur-'
lesque: Nora Hayes. Queen of Comediennes;
Rice and Cady. the funniest of. all . German
comedian: Bobby North, the -peer of Hebrew
comedians, and others that comprise the great-
est array of burlesque artists In America. Get
seats now. Don'tdelay. • ¦•¦ - ¦*.¦*;..:-.¦
PaiarA DONT FAILTO
laiOSX gee th.. te.^fta
V COURT Lounsing
/Ulal room, the EMPIRE
uiiu parlor, the
r^-A PALM ROOM, the
llf/ina LOUIS XV PAR-
"ti^iiJ. DIES' WRITING
I Hotels ,;¦ room- >
Weekly Call $1 per Year
i OCEAN THAVEL.
S Steamers leave Broadway
wharves, piprs 9 and 11.
ban Francisco:
For Ketchtkan, y TVrans^l.
Janeau. Haines. Skagway.
etc.. Alaska— 11 a. m. Jun«
1&. 24. Ju!y R. (Tianj-? t.>
Company's steamers at Se-
attle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle Tarnma. Ever«tf.
Eellingbam— 11 a. m.. June 1!>. 2t. July 5.
Chanie at Seattle to this CSompnny's steamer*
. for Alaska and O. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Fureka tHumboldt Boy) — Pomona. 1:3©
p. m., Junn 21. 27. July 3. Corona, 1:30 p. m..
June 1*. 2* 30. July «. •
For Los AngelM »vio Port t-os Ane»les and
Redondo>. San Dl<*«:o anrt Santa Barbara —
Santa Ro«a. Sundays. !* a. m.
State of California. Thurw'lay*. 0 a. m.
Fcr Los Angeles 'via San Pedro and East
Pan Pedr"). Santa Barbara, Panta Cruz, Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Har'ord t3an
Louis Obl»po> Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta. 9 a." m.. June 16. 24. July 2.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m., Jun»> 20. 2S, July 6.
For Knsenada Ma^rlaler.a Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Matatlan. Altata, La Pai. Santa Ro-
salia, Guayni»s (Men.), in . m.. 7th each nv.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Sea.oon 1904— Th»
palatial excursion steamship . Spokane will
leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria July 3, 13.
Ani. 2. 16.
For further Information obtain folder. Rl«ht
Is reserved to chanee steamers «r sailing 1 dates.
TICKET OFTICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st (Palace Hotel). 10 Market s»t.. and Broad-
way wharves. FTeift-ht Offlce, 10 Market sf,
C D. Dl'NSAN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market «t.. San Francisco.
— AND —
ST. MIGHAEL
THE Al FAST
&. S. ST. PAUL
CAPTAIN C. F.. LINDQCIST.
»Carryir.? U. S. Mails.)
FROM SAN FRANCISCO DIRECT.
MONDAY. JULY II. 2 P. M.
Connecting with the Company's Steamers tnr
All BERING SEA POINTS, and at St.
Michael with the Company's River Steam*r»
for Fairbanks and all points on KOTUKUK.
TANANA and YUKON RIVERS.
For Freight and Passage Apply to
KOSTHESS COMMZBCUL CO-
519 Crossley build Inc. cor. Uiosion and New
Montgomery st*.. San Francisco.
O. ft*. & N. CO.
COLUMBIA *aTa Jun» 2«. July 6. 18. 2V
lUK 5. 15. 25. OEO. XV. ELDER satis July
1, 11. 21. 81. AUK. 10. 20, SO. Only steamship
line to, PORTLAND, OR., and short rail lfna
frcm Portland to all points East. Through
tickets to all points. Steamer tickets Include)
berth and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear
st. at 11 a. m. .3. F. BOOTH. Oen. Agt. Pass.
Dept . 1 Montgomery st. : C. CLIFFORD. Gea.
Agent Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery at, .. • ;
Al»am4mfs>C V aTA *»"*•»• ««'. "I*
_ oi«a \m » u.iir.
«? B MAR1PO3A. for Tahiti. July ?. 11 a. m.
S* S*. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday, July 7. 2 p. m.
S S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. July 18. 11 an.
i.D.smcms & bros. ca,iiti,Tfcfct oaa 643 iir-
Ui Fnlflt lag 323 Bariit ii. Pur /. Pi^U: I-.
COMFAOKIE QMEJULS TRin8ATLA5TIQIH
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
sailing every Thursday Instead of
Baturday, at 10 a. m., from. Pier 43. •a^saaaaP
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
cla«s to Havre. *45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
r-ANADA 83 Broadway (Hudson building).
nVw York. J. F. FUOAZI * CO.. Pacific Coast
Ac^nts. 5 Montgomery avenue. Saa Frandsc*.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
To TJ. S. Vary Tard and Vallejo.
STMRS. GEN. FRISBIE. MONTICEXAO an«
ARROW— »:45 A. M.. 12:30 noon. 3:15 P.
xi too P. M., 8:30 P. M. (ex. Sunday);
Sundays 9:45 A. M.. 8:30 P. M. Leave Val-
leto 7:00 A. M-. 9:00 A. M.. 12:3O NOON.
8-15 P. M.. 8:00 P. M. (ex. Sunday): Sun-
days 7:00 A. M.. 4:13 P. M. Landing- an4
office. Pier 2. foot Mission st. Phone Mala
1308. HATCH BROS.
To U. S..XaTy Yard and Vallejo.
Etmr. H. J. Corcoran — Leaves S. F.. foot of
Clay- st.. north end or ferry bldff ; —Wa«k days.
9-30 A. M.. 3 aad »8 P. M. : Sundaya, 9:34
A. M.. 8 P. M. Leave Vallajo— Week daya.
6:50 A M.. 12:20 and 5:30, P. M.: Sundays. S
p. ji. ' Fare, 2Sc each way. Excursion rates.
Sundays to Vallejo. Glen Cove and Martin**,
50c round trip. PIPER. ADEN. GOOD ALL
CO. phone Main Ml. 'Saturday excepted.
4 : ft
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE AUGUST
30, 1904-.
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on August
30, 1904, and all readers of this
* paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fall to place their order Im-
mediately. ". Ca, •
This splendid premium win
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of 50
cents per copy. Out of town
orders 25 cents additional to
cover prepayment of transport*-
tion charscs.
A1XT7SE1CENT3.
UNION
COURSING
PARK
P. J. JUE1T.T.T 3nif
JAS. T. QxtACE SUpper
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, JUNE 26.
71) FAMOUS
£ COURSERS
Ckupn ui
Besene Stakes
..6DEAT SPORT AND«.
"A CHANCE TO SPECULATE' EVERT
Til RE K IMI^V L*TE^.
SERVICE BOTH
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 10:15
and 1 p. m.; Twenty-fifth and Valencia ats.
five minutes later. Returning at 4:45 p. m.
and after the last course. San Mateo electric
cars every four minutes during: the day.
INGLESIDE
COURSIN^ PARK.
80 -Dog Open Stake
40-DOG CONSOLATION STAKE
SATURDAY and SUNDAY
June 25 and 26.
. Coursing will begin at 11 o'clock tharp and
continue until the last winning; flag goes up.
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $2000
I ' All Mission-street cars transfer to Guerrero
, cars, which bo direct to the park.
TH0MAST1ERNEY. Judge. ?
EDWARD SHORTSTAG. Slipper. •
%
High-Class Specialties Every Afternoon and
Evening injhe Theater.
TR*-SK AND ROGERS: FYNE AND DANDT;
THE MUSICAL HARTS; FAT SISTERS;
UV MONTS AUSTRALIAN" COCKATOOS:
HALLIE WHITE AND NEW MOVINO
¦PICTURES.
Tal;e a Ride on the MINIATURE ELECTRIC
' RAILROAD.
' AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAT.
¦¦ Adrnfsslon. 10c; Children. 5c.
.When Phoning -Ask for "The Chutes."
cm cDiunicrn _m.t
BY AUTOMOBILE f^^^j,
. MOBILE CAXXIAOE CO.
¦ GOLDEN GATE AVE. and GOUGU ST.
• . Phone Private Exchange 770.
- Downtown offlcej — Court Palace Hotel: Lobby
St, Francis Hotel; Lobby or Occidental Hotel.
To delay baying: is unprofit-
able, j
San Francisco land values, in-
crease rapidly.
Read the REAL. ESTATE
BARGAINS to-day and decide.
K CALIFORNIA
H LIMITED TO CHICACC 1
m LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS 1
B »t9 :.'t O a. m.. throngfe in l\ days, H
£3 with diner and all trapplnyg- Hj
Other Santa Te Train a:
7 :."/) a. rn. 1 for Stockton. Fresno, Bakersfleld.
S-00 p! mij M erccd - Hanford and Vlsalla.
4 .-CO p. m. for Ftockton.
S:09 p. rn. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OmCES — 641 Market St. and
Terry Depot, 8. P. Also 1112 Broad-
wcy, Oakland, Cal. 37 Sonth Pirst St.,
San Joae.
CALIF OMIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
U.H f P/KCISCu AND NORTH PACIFI3
RAILWAY COMPAHT.
Tlburoa Perry, Toot of Market Street.
saw r a an cis co to ear katael.
WEEK 1>AYS— 7:30. fc:0u, »:uo, 11:00 a. m.;
12:55. 2:30. 3:40. J,:10. 5:10. 6:30 and 11:30
P. m. /
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 :30 p. m.
BUND A5je— 7:30. 8:00 9:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:30.
2:30. 3:40 5:10. fi:30, 11:30 p. m.
SAN KArAEL TO SAN FBANCISCO.
WLEK 1JAYS— «:06. C:5o. 7:35. 7:50, «:2i>.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. t2:00. 3:40, 5:00. 5:20.
6:25 p. m. Saturdays — Extra, trip at 1:15
EUXDATS— 6:50. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. ra. : 1:43.
3:40. 4:50, 5:00, 5:20. 6:25. 7:50 p. m. tEx-
c^pt Saturday a.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
Ran Fran. I May 1, 1904. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna^ I Sun- | Week"
Days. I daya. I tlon. | days. I Days.
7 :30 a 7:45 a 7:45~a
7:30 a 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:40 a
6:00 a *J:30a Ixnaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 <x
2:30 p 2:30 p • 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
7:25 p
8:45 p
7:30 al 7:30 a 7:45 a 7:46 a
8:O0a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30p »:30a Petaluma, 6:20p 6:20 p
6:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
I R:10p Eanta Rosa, f 8:45 p
7 :30 a| 7 :::0 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00a 8:00a Fulton. ' 7:25p «:20p
2:30 Pi 2:.".0p 8:45 p 7:25ti
Windsor, \
7:30 a 7:30 a Heald»burs, 10:20 a 10:20 a
.Lytton,
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle, 7:23 p 7:23 n
Clovtrdale.
7 :30 al 7 :30 al Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p] 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p[ 7:25 p
I j Wllllts. I j
7:30 a) 7:30 a| Sherwood. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
8:00 at 8:C0a| Guernevlllo and 110:20 allO:2O a
2:30 p| 2:30 p Camp Vacation. | 8:45 p| 6:20 p
~8 :6o"a|~8 :"oo"a ~~ 8:40 a 8:40 a
5:10 p H:"fla foncma. 6:00 p 6:20 o
I 5:10 pi Glen Ellen. 8:45 p|
7:30a| 7:30a| 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. I 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for Whlto
Bulphur Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Burke's Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Ska^c*
(springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers Boone-
vllle and Gre*nwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Keleeyville, Cane-
bad Seringa. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Ulue-Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley
John Day's. Riverside, Llerley'a, Bucknell'a"
Sanhedrln HcighU, Hullvllle. Orr"« Hot
Springs. Halfway Houaa. Comptche. Cam D
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendoclno City, Fort Brags •
Westport, Usal: at Wllllta for rort Bragc'
Weatport. Sherwood. Canto. Covelo Laytonl
vllle. Cummins. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen*.
Dyer. GarbervUle. Pepperwood. Scotia and Eu-
reka. .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re*
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. C50 Market street. Chronlcl*
build ic».
JAS. I* FRAZIER. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pacs. Agt.
'j^^^^^l ROSS VALLEY, '
l^^^^^^j MILL VALLEY.
i^^^^^j CAZADERO, Etc.
"Via Sauiallto Terry.
EUHUHBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Deuart from San Francisco, week days, at
«:30. 7:10. 7:43. b:30. a:15 10:00, 11:00 a., m.
(11:40 a. in. only), 12:20. 1:43. 3:lo.
40'i 4:35 0:15 0:50. 0:25. 7:13. 9:00. 10:20.
11-35 p. m. Sunday* and legal holidays, depart
at 7:10. 7-<5. *:30 V.li. 10:00. 11:00. 11:40
a. m. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 3:13. 4:00. 4:35.
0:J5. "5:30. 6:25. 7:18. 8:15, 8:00. 10:20. 11:34
r rn
'Arrive a? San Francisco week days, 6:17.
7-00. 7:35 6:15. 8:45, 9:35. 10:20. 11:03 a. m.,
1-05, 1:23. 2:50. 3:35. 4:20. 6:06, 5:40. 6:15.'
6-53 7:&3 10:05 11:25 p. in. On Sundays and
ltcal holiday* extra trains arrive at 12:43.
2.tC. fc:M» p. W- -,,-.'
For Fairfax, week daya, depart at 7:45 a. m..
3:15 p m., 6:15 p. m. <ex. Eat.). On Sundaya
and legal holidays at 7:43. 8:30. 9:15. 10:03.
11:00. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 7:15
and 8:13 p. rn.
THROUGH TRA1N8.
~*f-*S a. rn. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
9:13 a, m.. Sunday* only— For °olnt Reyes,
j * t :t:15 P. m. <3»Jly except Sunday— For Caza-
C:15 P. rn.. daily except Saturday and Sun-
day — For Point Reyts, etc.
7:15 p. ra.. Sundaya only— For Point Reyes.
a':lft p. m.. Fundays only — For Cazadero etc.
TICKET OFFICE— «26 Market st.
FEKRT— Union Depot, foot of Market »L
RAILWAY TRAVEI*.
ffi^^QJjgAN FRANCISCO.
Va^Yy FsBBT Drr+r
(Toot at Market Street )
"**« - MAIN LINE. -Aaal^T
? CO* VaeaTtn*. Tlttan, SnMfT. 7.5C*
7 CC* p-ni-'v E.ostr»ir..i gunmrtu.. 720*
7-50* Vattaga, s»p«. Cali'toc*. Saata
Roaa. Vf.nir.ft. Sao Rarao* t.JBp
7.50* K'ir*.Tr«r7. L*tkrot>. »--orir:ou.... 7.20P
t-O0*6b««M v.xp~*m - <v;» naTia).
wi,:tmn» (for Itartiett Pprfacl.
Winowe. *rrmio. Ued B1«X
PortlatKi. T aroma. 6eaUie 7.50*
r CC* !>»Tia- Woodland. Rctthta LaadiBC
»!ar»«T;i>. Ctaco. Oro»IIle 7.80s>
1 30A Pert eft*. Marttaet. Astlncb.
Byron. Tr»c». Stoettoo. New-
maa. Lea Saaoa. M««dot«.
Annana. naaford. Ttaalta.
PBTtTTHle 4.29^
tZSA Port Cotta, Untie no. Mr red.
Freaeo. Goabrn JaaetSm, Baa-
:«-i. Viaall*. BakersCeia 4.6S*>
tZSA STlea, San .let; LlieTmore. £io--fc-
ton. i'al!lt*B>. lonr, 8»crKtneBt«,
M»ry»v::>. Coico. l!.-.l B!aff .... 4.20*
V-ZCA Oak<1a!e. Cb1n«ac, JaoieitowB, &»-
ixira. Taolamne as4 Anr'l« 420*
9 W» Atlanac Crpreai — Oxdena^dEaat. »20p
t 3C* Kirhi-oai. Mart] act aad *>J
Statioea t .50*
*OCC*Tbe Urrr'.aBd LlnlMid — UrUca.
m _^. I>axver. Oaaalia. Chleaa;* 5.29*
10-CCa Vaiitj»_ 12.20*
IC&CaUx Amc-Ies r«i<*i?er — Tort
Coat*. Martinez. Byroa, Tr»ey.
I.marop fiedton, Merced.
Raj'isocd. FreaDO. Goiben Junc-
tlon. H.nfcrd. Lervnorr, VlnaJla.
B«krr*fleld. Lo. A»r'l'< 7.20*
TTSOm n«y ward. Ntl«a aad War Statioaa. 3-20*
11 60* f*eraneatoRlTar 6t«a«a«ra til -OOP
i 5o* BT.tr-*, TVtatera. S»er»»»cto.
*.nr-\>T.vi. Wl'.lov«. K«'frtti
I.«ndlc C . MaryartUa, Ot«t'.U«
and way *tat)eea H SO*
tZCf liar ward. KUea and* Way Station*.. 7-60*
Svt* fort Coata, li«rtli'i. Bti-oo.
Tracy. LaiSr.v.. Modeato.
Werce4. Berenda, Freaao and
Way Ftationa b^yoad P»rt C«aU 12-20*
*-*u* To«ein1tr Val!ey. Tia Bereada asd
Viroit 8-60A
3-50*> Kar»1ne«.Tnier. Staet-ton. Lo<5!... 10 20*
4 fcO* Manines.Ean lUtnoa.VaUeJo.Napa,
C»i!tt*s«. S«t« P.»»a. S 20A
««0»» 5nea. Tnrr. Stoektom. Lodl 4.20*>
4-S6* Bayvard. Klira. lrrlncton, Saa J tt.MA
J««. L!»rra«r« 1 J11.10*
t*«*T»* Owl Ltsslled— Vewre.n. Lei
Hum, Mendcxa, Frvsne. Tnlara,
BakerstelCLcsAueieB. ...... IUt
"» SC» Ktr»«rd. XttM aad f*t .to»a . 7.20a
f-£0^ Hay ward. KRw and S«nJo*e I &0*
t-w«* [MVrr, Kzpreaa— OfC*o. hrvytr,
Omiba. St. Loofa, Cblcaito aad
Ka»i. r|a Mantact, Sux-kton,
. .. S»c-aa»»t«. C« fax. Reno 12.60*
I.BC* Vane)*, dafly. *xcep« Sendaj.... t ....
7.00* VaJle}«. Scsdar only .....f 7M^
7 JOCP HictanonA. «aa Pablo. Pert Coata,
Marctaes um! Way Slatlosa 1110a
7 CO* Iir»o rtn«|fr-Ptn c»ti, 8oi-
• nn. Klmtra. Ds»l». f^^rairetita,
Trackoa, Lake Tafco«, Beao.
1'ot.op.k. Sparks 7 SOa
IXS* Orern* * California Kxyre+r— Sac-
r»nv«iio. Mar?aTlll«. Beddtns,
PorUMK". fleet Sound aad But. I.SCa
IMC* H»r»»M, Ktlea *Ddfc.o Jo*e facn-
dnyoaiy) IUQa
COAST LINE (»arr»w tlaar»>.
fFoot of Marmot Street.) ;
TjISa f*»U(.Yci txcjrrloc(Sun<i«jeolj) S-1B*
(1U Kewart. Ce*terTtIle, «aa Joaa,
Feltrn. BotiloerCreck. B'.s Bull,
Sa«U Cr«« aud Way fttaxies>s... B 65*
1t.1SA i!r<ntt. Newark. 6an Jo»e. Los
OaUM.C;«Bwood. Felton. Boalder
Cree4c. L"t BmIb. tatt Crei... . t.ie*
ti-thm Kewark. CeakerrUla, h*n Joaa,
New Alnia4«a. Loa 6a*o..Fe:(«aw
Boalder Cn~*. Santa Cruc aad
Prtaelpal Way SuUom 10 SBa
• If * Newark, tti Joae. L«a Catoi 1I.6SA
4U* Wrtft-bi. BonKer Cre-t aed Santa
Crua. Satcrday aad Scnday only. H5Sa
COAST LINE ((r.i4 (...in
taftSTUrd mK T.wn^rixl etr— u.)
'(.10a Aaa Joaa asd Way Stadea* 8 iliw
<7J>0a e*a J**e and Way SLattuot 5 40i»
7.16a Kcrsterrr and S»«t4 Onix Kiccr-
alon (Bnadayonly) 10.30*
t4rf)A »ew A'.tiaci (T«r».. rnd- oaly), 4.1S*
I tKU The Cokatrr— Saa Jose. Sallnaj.
Saa Ardo. Paao Ko*>:««. E»nU
. Ma*-carlaa,S«S!Lat*Ot«iaBO.Sa«ta
¦Tlarbara, Saa Burc*>r»t«r».
Mmuik, Oxaard, Bor»»ak. Loa
A«fc-r:es 1«4|a>
IOCa £»'¦_-•.». U*ntetec CaatreriUe. Del
M tru. Pactlc Grove, Snrf, Lea-
P** ... 10<S*
t.SOA fcm Jme, Tr*s Plaoa. Casltola.
t>aBUCriu.rar!flc<{raTe.S«11caa.
¦ f>*a Lot. <i»'-po aad Prlwetsai
¦War Statioo. 4.10*
it^XU !aa Jc». and Way SUtton* 1.23*
ti^vAfaxtk Clara, flaa Joae. Lei Uatoa
and Way Sui'.om 7.30p
1Z0«> cia Joae aad Way Stat!oe« • 3S* ¦
1J.t«*Dri Monte CxprtM-Saata. Clara,
tan Jo*e, Dal Meal*. Moeterry,
raritr Orere 12-16*
HQr P^rl'ar*""'. 5»u .'u»r. yt.ro.r, II.,:-
• latter, 'l-rea plaoa. pajare. <.»rt-
!<•,». F«a;» Crar. Ca.tror-.tte,
' Fa.';r.a«.. fa<-rftc uro*r 10 45*
4-33* Hi Jvae and Way &ut!oas it CO*
•S CC* £>n'« C:ar». >aa Jvte, Loa OatCf,
vr^kt aid fn&c'aal Way s:»-
ttok* t except Eouiayj 'S 00a
tS.SOV fc.aJ.tt a.adPrlat:1f>alWay8ial!o». (• 40a
k 4** fcoraet Cx|>reaa.— Uedwood. Saa
Jo.e.Gtlroy.fMtlicaa.r'aao Knb!ea.
t-na I •.!• mi, ir.o. >»nt* r.»rt'»r».
!.-*» Acrelna. <"-n.!* t -. KI Paao,
» Vf»ilf:nn».Ki-»yiirk 7 10a
I 45* rajaro. Capita, f anu Crar. Cas-
troTi;:o.Del \UBle.PaciSeCr«f e. 18 45*
tS Mm Ui MatPo.ncrcarorii.Isi:lniciBt.Saa
<••:..» ItiMtwowd. Talr Osk*.
UrawPark. Pa> Alvo tC.48a
• tOm *i«a Ja»« aad Way St*tioae • Jt*.
S4/C* Paio Alto mid W»t rittulor* 10.1&A
ll.«4t* »vaib S.* FrajicSa.o. Mllifrr.e. B»r-
;'op»n:r, eaa '¦Sulf". rW;aiont.
. f «e Carloa. U*d«»od. Fair Oaka,
Mealo Park, and t'alo Alto 1.45*
Ml JO* k'«»r«;t Mocatain View. fcuDiy-
»»>. Lcmrfnce. Santa Clara aaJ
fc«"J"*- v ;*.4S»
AforMoraiBC P for AflvrHova.
•toantay ciccwierf i»tiBday*alr
• tataraay *.nl). • Mooday oulr.
if>ujp» ax all swt!«at oa Ju4aj.
tyiT. Tamalpais Railv/ay
Ixare lit faiikUU ttnj j Arrive
Ban Kranciaco rM af lariat St. ! San Francisco
""We*k fc»n- mjiul aui<> Week:
1/ayt. <5st». Jgg8$pi&^ daya._ Daya.
10.00* VKStJ^^ 2:06 f *M:05 a
1 0-00*1 11:00 a V&ssSar 3:36 r 3:35 p
1:<Sr.I2:20r 6:40 r 6:l6 '
I-Un l:*tr yS&A b:16r IChOU
'_ I 4:36 r *:60r
• f is Cnrttr C*r, ' Tsartl»«'' U lill Ttlirf.
Tirtrr «62SM*ms.it St rNertti libore Railroad)
Orricrs iaad S*u»*lito fEm.v. Foot MarkctSt.
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 .PEE YSAit,
I II FINAL GLEAN-UP I
1 1 OF GREAT SALE ,
\ Garments at a Fraction of Former Prices
; Tailor Suits, Jackets, Long Coots and Skirts
I —^SACRIFICED—
| . B ? la . nc o? Silk Shirt Waist Suits at $7.95, $8.95, $9.95
\ $12.50 Tailor Suits are selling now at $4.95
> #16.50 Tailor Suits are now...., $6.45
I $18.50 Tailor Suits are now $7.95
i $20.00 Tailor Suits are now $8.95
{ $25.00 and $27.50 Suits are priced now. .... .$14.45
i — : :
\ Children's Jackets and Infants' Coats at
\ . Nominal Prices.
i They Must Be Sold— Here Are the Prices
| 75c, 95C, SI,IO,$I,25,$I.45,$I,75,$1,95, $2.45, $3.95
t Ladies' Silk Coats, Etons, Blouses and Loose Back
\ $4.95, $5.95, $7.45, $8.95 and $9.45
\ Covert Jackets as low as
$1.95, $3.95, $4.45 and $6.45
\ Walking Skirts we are still offering at 75c, $1.75, $2.45
\ Alpaca Skirts at. .v: . . $2.45, $3.45, $4.95
:• Silk and Etamlne Skirts at $4.95, $5.45, $6.95, $8.45
| 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET*
ADVIIRTISEKCEKTa
[BBnaSECCSnHEHBHBEaBHBHBnaHnBDEBESBHBBBBHBBB!
I j
j Dry Goods Company, i
! Semi- Annual Clearance Sale j
j SUITS, SKIRTS, COATS j
I and JACKETS j
j MARKED WAY DOWN I
! TO FORCE OUT j
j AT OIYCE |
j CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, !
3 Ge »rr aid Stccitca Streets, Union Square. 1
¦ * !
3 Arrival of New Shipment of Controlled Ideas in Parasols i
¦ < j
ASVEBTISEKENTS.
$25 Cash
Given Away
For first payment on the purchase price of .
any piano If you can guess what piano we
! wish to designate, commencing with the letter ,
H. This i'iano Is In the homes of over 8000
people in S. F., twice as many as any other
make. The Examiner chose it for three years
in succession In preference to all other pianos.
It took the highest award at three exhibitions
over all other makes. The name can be seen
on tire top of a building from Union square,
San FranclBco. Address box 1314.
l9OHC¥^!a9 and
jr
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OB* THB
WEST.
Orer 24 Post st.. San Francisco, Cal. •
Estab. 40 years. Open entire year,<1ay ft night.
i ... - Write for circulars (free).
YONMEYERINCK ?g lo %j3 m £:
SAN FRANCISCO. Established 1R95 -
Pre-eminently the largest and best
equipped school on the Pacific Coast — offer-
Ins; all the advantages of Eastern - and j
-European conservatories . for a thorough
musical education. Prospectus upon ap-
plication. Visitors to the World's Fair. St.
Louis, are Invited to examine the, exhibit
{ of the school. Educational Building Cali-
fornia School Exhibit. •
New Quarters — More Space
riNER -tOOMS.
Just moved Into our new rooms; new fire-
proof building. 3 elevators, electric lights,
rteam heat. Do more for students than ever
before. This Is the college that secure* - so
many positions.
San Francisco Business College,
73S Mission St.. Near Third.
U/CCTCDU Thorough business course, Eng-
nr.Olr.nn u r h, bookkeeping, shorthand, ar-
niipuircp ttn - algebra, etc.. Civil Service.
DUollltoO Individual Instruction. Positions
for graduates. 6 mo. (day), $45-
Pfll I rfiF ti mo - <** day) - * 3 °: Eve - School,
UULLCOL 0 mo fr> 4 1107 Market cor- 7tn |
laBzaiaHalllS
PALO ALTO, CAL. ff^L-
• «rv _.f An enrollment of
B*XTirO riXlOv 450 students tells
•! I IV6C6 success Tnew bulld-
fOllV (\.£/ wholesome college
V-^ "" ¦* life; Catalogue,
925 Golden Gate ave.. S. F.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day school for young ladles and
little girls. 2126 California street. Will reopen
August 1, 1904. Accredited to the universities.
REV. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M. Principal.
OPTTCXAITS EAKH $10 A BAT.
Individual Instructions; aleo
mall course. Call or write for
«^5J2fc^W| prospectus CLISE OPTICAL
Y^tlSS^P^y INSTITUTE, 105r. Market St.,
*n$(5aj3<£7 S. F. Eyes examined free.
Mount Tamalpais Military Academy
SAN RAFAEL. CAL.
Junior school separate. Fall term begins Aug.
17. ARTHUR CROSBY, P.P., Head Master.
ET-'^laEk'tii'iRJ'ftEy'VSI s e rnos ' praotl-
ffl'HlFTufflfGWilTO**' ca ' ; recommended
MBriHOJElHaffllM " y ex Pert court re-
BWJIWlWHtfraHTjMH porters. Send lor
Rdv9QBUraS&f!!ieEK'n| ( - a t a 1 o k u e. 1382
BMMianiBmMUBanCTa Market St.. S. F.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
IRVINGTON, CALIFORNIA.
Holds pre-eminently the conflUcnc* of Its pa-
trons and the loyalty of its pupils.
WILLIAM WALKER ANDERSON. Principal.
¦ i«ta«»B-i A School for boys: 14th year
Unl TT'v be S' n3 Avj K- !Hh; larger and
M 1 1 1 I I A b^oiiKer faculty than ever;
II U I I I W perfect sanitation: Illus-
trated catalogue. W. ' J.
MEREDITH, Vice Principal. Menlo Park,, Cat.-
Hitchcock Military Academy
SAN RAFAEL. CAU ' , ? - ( '-''
WILL REOPEN on August 16.
Apply to tha Principal.
TKS UKTVXBSXTT SOKOOK.
2310 CtAT STREET,
Will REOPEN on August 1 with
UERTX. TUCKER. M. S.,
' . ¦ . Principal.
COLLEGE O7 NOTEE SAME. '
SAN JOSE, CAL. Exclusively for boarding
students. Fifty-third year. Courses: Classical.
Literary, Scientific, Conservatory. College
preparatory accredited. Intermediate and Pri-
mary Classes. Studies resumed Tuesday, Aug>
tist '>, 1904. ' - • - ¦ ,
DALO ALTO ACADEMT, one mile from
¦> Stanford University — Boys and young men
prepared for Stanford.. Berkeley • or Eastern
colleges. Exceptional Advantages In Modern
languages and Higher 'Mathematics. Fall term
beetny Auguit >22. - For catalogue address
MAYNARD SHIPLEY. Palo Alto. Cal.
AMUSEMENTS.
|] Weei Commencins ThU Afternoon,
jiJaHBgatel YaiiWB!;
j i Limited Kngagement of the Eminent
| j| VALERIE BERGERE j
i| With Her Company . ;
!; Preaentln?. for Her First Week, the ;
I, One-Act Playlette. by Grate ,
Ji GrlswolJ.
? "HIS JAPAXESR WIFE." ]
. The Pclite Comedians.
GALLAGHER and BARRETT
1 1 In an Operatir romed)-, "Th« Stock '
|i Brokers." ]
!| JOHN F. CLARK
1 1 1 Monoloslst and Singing Comsdlan. \
I FOSTER AND FOSTER !|
]i In "Wanted — A Pianist." [
I HOWE AND SCOTT i
I 1 Hebrew Comedians. • !
:i THE ZARROW TRIO \
!' In Their Whirlwind of Fun. "A Night <
i] on the Boardwalk." '
GRAOEY AND BURNETT
'I Presenting; Their T^aughahle CVmedy
j Sketch. "X Royal Janitor." \
I Orpheum Motion Pictures !
] Showing the Review of the S. F. Klre |
i Eepartment. (
1 1 Last Week and Tremendous Success of i
HELEN BERTRAM
i Prima Donna Soprano. In ait Entire
1 1 • Change of Selections.
! Regular Matinees E-.ery Wednesday. <
Thursday. Satunlay and Sunday. '
Prices — 10c. "jc and 50i\ ',It usually 1b the other fellow who is
dense In catching the idea, <^
COUNTY LKTTKIM CLUB.— In acco«Jane»
with ii*elT yearly cu»tom. the County Laitrlm
Social Club will held an outing and ptcntc to
day at Harbor View ParkT Al) th« committees
are working to malts this the moat raeeaasful
outing 1 In tha history o{ tha du]fc «aa a. Urg*
atteodancs U czpscttd. - .
Santa Cruz to Have New Theater.
SANTA CRUZ, June 25.— Santa
Cruz is to have a new opera-house.
The necessary capital has been secur
ed and within a week the work of
construction will be commenced. __
OAKLAND, June 25.— Articles of
incorporation of the Century Electric
Company of Alameda County were
filed with the County Clerk to-day.
The directors are F. M. Greenwood, C.
M. Wood. E. H. Welhe, John P. Max
well, R. C. H. Hartley. • The capital
stock of the corporation Is 550,000
and is divided into shares of the par
value of $1 each, "
Form Electric Company.
OAKLAND. June 25. — Suit for di
vorce was begun to-day by Amelia
Gunter against William C. Gunter, on
the ground of cruelty. The Interloc
utory decree of divorce granted Luel
la Hermann a year ago from. Melville
H. Hermann wag made final to-day. ..
Suits for Divorce.
OAKLAND, June 25. — Father
Francis V. Long, a native of this city
and a graduate of Santa Clara College,
will celebrate his first mass to-morrow
at St., Patrick's Church in West Oak
land. ' He will be assisted by Father
Harrington, Father Fleming and
Father McNally Jr., all of whom were
fellow students with Father Long at
Bishop Ireland's Theological Seminary
in St. Paul, Minn, ~* I •^S^i
Will Celebrate His First Mass.
The auction sale of the Fruitvale
Addition to Frultvale, under the aus
pices of Easton. Eldridge &. Co., which
was held yesterday afternoon, proved
a great success, eighty lots being sold
at an average of $325 and the total
sales reaching $26,000. The prin
cipal purchasers were among the fol
lowing: Messrs. Robert Tuller, Robert
Maders, Hans Rohwder, Mrs. Frank
Younsman, Messrs. E. Pratt, C. E.
Gallagher, H. Freese, . Charles F. Lee.
Mrs. J. A. Reed, Messrs. J. R. Allen.
Samuel H. Sullavou,.J. K. Kower, L.
C. Carden, J. B. Peppin. E. G. I. Bert
rand, T. Hara, :' J. H. Bold and B.
Fehnemann. About one-half/ of the
purchasers were from the city, the
remainder being local buyers, <]
Frultvale Realty Auction Sale.
OAKLAND, June 26. — The follow
ing officers were elected last night by
the local Sign and Carriage Painters'
Union: President, H. C. Whitney; vice
president. F. Bloom; recording secre
tary. F. Blaess; financial secretary, C.
Phllbrick: treasurer, A. B. Preinville;
warden, A. B. McKelley; conductor, L.
S. Muggridge; preceptor, A. Farnher;
truetee, B. F. Jenkins. ; o ;
Painters Elect Officers.
TOPEKA, Kan., June 23.— The Kan
sas wheat harvest will be delayed many
days on account of yesterday's heavy
rains. In some parts of the Stat* the
wheat is badly broken down, bat as a
whole is not materially damaged, as It
was not dead ripe.
All, the lowlands around LJndsborg
are covered by water. This is In the
center of the wheat belt. The Republi
can and Smoky Hill rivers are rising
at an alarming rate at Junction City
to-night. Much wh«at will be destroyed
in that vicinity.
Recent Storm Floods Lowlands and In
Some Parts Greatly Dam
ages Crop*.
KANSAS WHEAT HARVEST
13 DELAYED BY RAIN'S
SAN RAFAEL. June 25. — Police
Judge E. P. Mogan of San Francisco
left San Rafael minus a valuable gold
watch. The Judgpe. accompanied by
Al Healy of San Francisco, attended
the charity vaudeville entertainment
this evening at East Side: Park. Dur
ing the performance some thief took
advantage of the Judge's excitement
and annexed his beautiful gold watch.
The ; Judge had an idea that light
fingered gentlemen were confined to
San Francisco, but has now changed
his mind.
tainment at San Rafael.
Magistrate Is Relieved of His Time
piece While Attending on Enter-
POLICE JUDGE MOGAN
ROBBED OF HIS WATCH
SANTA ROSA. June 25. — An elec
tion was held here to-day for the pur
pose of choosinjr three directors for
the Courthouse school district. Hugh
C. Coltrin and William P. Shearer
were re-elected and Albert O. Erwln
was elected without opposition.
School Directors Are Elected.
Edward Bullard, a striking stable
man, was treated at the Central Emer
gency Hospital last night for a num
ber of scalp wounds and a lacerated
wound of the right cheek. He was
somewhat und^r the influence of liquor
upon arriving at the hospital and de
clared that he had been shot by an un
known man In front of Mlchelson's sta
ble, 844 Geary street. An examination
of Bullard was made by Dr. Boskowitz,
who found no indication of a bullet
wound. Detective Charles Taylor made
an investigation and ascertained that
Bullard, who. was employed by
Michelson as head stableman before
the present strike, walked into the barn
last night In an ; intoxicated condition,
and the employes of the place, , fearing
that he intended to create trouble,
forcibly ejected him.
•Stableman Is Beaten.
OAKLAND, June 25. — "Halt, or I
will shoot!" cried H. C. Quick of this
city to a fleeing purse snatcher. The
thief had been a soldier and heard the
song of bullets, but fear stopped his
hurried flight and he allowed himself
to be taken a prisoner. This morning
he appeared in the Police Court and
was held over to appear before the Su
perior Court on a charge of grand
larceny. The man gave the name of
Alexander Phin.
Phin says he was hungry. He met
Mr*. Whitney close to her home at
1610 West street last night, snatched
her purse and bolted.. Her cries were
heard by Mr. Quick, • who lives about
a block away in the direction the thief
was taking. Runnmg out of his house
close behind the fleeing man he
threatened to shot him. Then ¦ Phin
stopped. Quick recovered the purse,
which he gave to; the woman, and
turned the thief over to the police.
Alexander Phin, an ex-Soldier, Caught
Hotfooting Wltli Woman's Purse
He Had Snatched.
ALTON, HI.. June 25. — Edmund Beaii
of this city has Just completed the con
struction of a row of flats which ha
calls "Tho Stork's Nest." H» an
nounces that the new apartments aro
exclusively for married people and that
tha presence of children would be a
recommendation instead of a bar to
their acceptance as tenants.
Beall is enterprising and believes
that the presence of large families is a
good thing for the city. He has de
cided to set an example to other land
lords by providing a place whtre
couples may live without being In fear
of eviction or Increase in rent if there
is an increase in the size of their fam
ilies. a<- : -;--'
Illinois Capitalist Builds Hats Ex
clusively for Use of Enemies
of Race Suicide Theory.
TENANTS WITH FAMILIES
ARE W ANTED BY BEJJJj
NEW YORK, June 25.— The following:
Callfornians are In New York:
From San Francisco— J; D. Brown at
the Marlborough, R. H. Sherman at
the Herald Square, Mrs. E. B. Stradhan
at the Criterion and G. L. Beverous and
O. M. Brown at the Herald Square.
From Santa Barbara— Mrs. J. Barber
at the Seville, Mrs. T. 0*Harlton at the
Grand Union, Miss K. Fuhrman at the
Sinclair, E. Gundelflnger at the Herald
Square, Mrs. T. J. Knight at the Grand
Union, M. L. Requa at the Netherland.
A. M. Stell at the Hoffman house and
Mrs. S. L. White at the Grand Union.
From Los Angeles— Mrs. *J. Johnson,
the Misses Johnson and Miss G. King
at the Murray Hill.
Callfornians In New York.
QUICK'S THREAT TO SHOOT
STOPS A FLEEING THIEF
GALVESTON. June 25. — Too weak to
raise himself, but uttering shrieks that
could be heard above the roar of the
ponderous machinery, Bennett Collln.
a coal passer on the steamship Elalba,
was literally roasted to death on Fri
day, soon after the vessel cleared the
New York harbor.
It seems he became overheated walls
at his duties and started for tha upper
deck for fresh air. Ho mado a miss
step and was precipitated to th» grata
just above- one of the boilers. Ha lay
there, being too weak to rise and In
full view of a number of his compan
ions met his tragic death, tha men
being unable to rescuo him befora ha
expired. The body was sewed xtp In a
sack and burled at sea.
Coal Passer on Steamship Falls on
Grating Over Boilers and Is .
Roasted Alive.
HELPLESS MAN MEETS
DEATH EV nORRIBLE WAT
HORSE BACKS YOUNG
WOMAN AGAINST CAR
Mtei 3Iary rage. Daughter of a
Banker, Escapes From Collision
Without Injury.
BERKELEY. June 25. — Miss Mary
Pace, danghter of F. S. Page, presi
dent of the Merchants' Bank, had a
narrow escape from being crushed to
death by a car of the Shattuck-avenue
line this morning and only the alert
ness of Motormon J. A. Hance saved
her. Miss Page sat In the rear seat of
the family carriage, while her father
¦was In a blacksmith shop on Shat
tuck avenue. When the car ap
proached the horse became frightened
and. began backing toward the tracks.
Car and carriage were nearing each
•tcer and It looked as If Miss Page
would be crushed. Motorman Hance
saw a collision was Imminent He
tried to stop his car, but he could not
entirely prevent the contact. The col
lision was hard enough to take a rear
wheel off the carriage and Miss Page
wax thrown against the side of the
car. From this perilous position,
however, ehe was rescued without in-
Jury.
Marrlace Licenses.
OAKLAND, June 26.— The follow
ing marriage licenses were Issued by
the County Clerk yesterday: Hill
Sanchez. 27. and Sarah E. Collins, 20,
both of San Francisco: Moses M.
Lucey. 21. Berkeley, and Mary Gon
talves. 17, Haywards; George M. Mor
ris, 26, flan Francisco, and Mryta C.
Joy, 28, Oakland; Joseph Mantz, over
21. and Margaret Stack, over 18, both
of Oakland; Arthur S. Hall. 26, and
Eleanor Blanchard, 20. both of Oak
land: Harry Watson, 23, and Meldrum
Potter, 23. both of Seattle: Charles
Moon, 22, and Lillian Weber, 22, both
of Oakland; David V. Vorelman, 34,
Vallejo, and Emily M. Boulton, 24.
San Francisco.
OAKLAND, June 25. — A transfer of
property made by George H. Aspden,
the San Francisco newspaper man
who shot himself in Golden Gate Park
some days ago, was filed for record
here to-day. The document was made
two years' ago and Is an assignment
of his right to a one-sixteenth interest
in the estate of_ the late Stephen W.
Purrington to his stepdaughter, Eliza
beth P. Lovell.
• Aspden's wife was one of the Pur
rington heirs. She died April 2, 1901,
without having made a will and her
interest in, the estate passed to her
daughter, Elizabeth P.' Lovell, and her
husband, George Aspden, in equal
shares. Aspden relinquished his in
terest in his stepdaughter's favor, and
It was this relinquishment which was
filed to-day and which puts 15-year
old Elizabeth P. Lovell in Immediate
possession of a large sum of money.
terest In His Wife's Property
Filed at Oakland.
Dead Writer's Relinquishment of In-
ASPDEN'S STEPDAUGHTER
GETS MOTHER'S ESTATE
His fame, indeed, is said to have
traveled to America and a few days
ago he received a cablegram asking
on what terms he would cross the
Atlantic. Rae would not be tempted.
LONDON, June 25.— London has been
flooded during the week with reports of
the marvelous cures effected by Wil
liam Rae, a Scotch miner living at
Blantyre, a little village near Glasgow.
Special correspondents have written
columns telling how the halt were cured
and the deformed made straight by an
old man whose medical knowledge, was
limited to a few notions of anatomy ob
tained by cursory study of a hand
book. Some of them went so far as to
suggest that Rae's power was superhu
man. His cottage, it was said, pre
sented a remarkable sight. Crowds of
persons, some on crutches, others hob
.bling along with walking sticks, but all
full of hope, besieged the former miner.
One Instance of Rae's methods was
given by a correspondent as follows:
"The patient was a little boy, who
could not walk. Said Rae: 'This is a
case of dislocated hip. The doctors call
it a disease, but it is not.' He made the
boy lie down: then, suddenly seizing
the limb, he gave it a Jerk. There was
a sharp crack, a sharper cry from the
boy and before the latter's mother
cculd recover from her astonishment
her child was walking about the room
delightedly, waving his discarded pa
tent weighted boot in the air." .
There was a dozen of. stories such as
this detailed at length In the" Daily
Mail, the Chronicle, the Express and
several other London newspapers.
Photographs of Rae have been pub
lished, showing him to be a somewhat
uncouth looking mani with a badly
trimmed beard , and heavy features.
His fee never varies. To all alike he
charges half a guinea.-
From every part of England and
Scotland, if one is to believe the ac
counts one reads, people have traveled
to seek Rae's assistance and pay. their
half a guinea. Still Rae is not wealthy,
although It appears he has been carry
ing on his "bloodless surgery" for
years. '
Special Cable to Th« Call and New Tork
Herald. Copyright. 190*. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
J. C. Weir of New York, who is in
terested in mines in Tonopah, is at
the St Francis.
Alonzo H. Stewart, sergeant at arms
of the Senate, and* his mother arrived
at the Palace yesterday.
Charles Quinn, the well known
young horseman, and his wife, who
was formerly Miss Hopkins of this
city, arrived from the East yesterday
and are registered at the St. Francis.
John B. Stetson Jr. of Philadelphia,
son of the well known hat manufac
turer, accompanied by his mother and
sister and party of friends, with whom
he has been touring through the
Western States, arrived here yester
day. The party is registered at the
Palace.
Thomas Longhurst, a prominent silk
merchant of New York, is staying at
the Palace.
F. W. Carlyle of Washington is at
the St.- Francie.
Captain R. L. Hamilton, U. S. A.,
and wife are at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. John L. Benefor of
San Jose are at the St Francis.
Sydney I. Mihalovitch, a wealthy
fruit man of Cincinnati, is at the Pal
ace.
PERSONAL.
WASHINGTON. June 25.— Morton E.
Simmons has been commissioned Post
master at Chlno, and Ward B. Minturn
at Minturn.
Army orders— Corporal Charles D.
Reeves, first-class Private Edward C.
Bell and Private Edward M. McKinney,
signal corps, at Fort Lawton. Washing
ton, will be 6ent to St. Michael, Alaska,
A board of officers to consist of Colonel
George S. Grimes, artillery corps; Ma
jor Carroll A. Devol, quartermaster;
Captain Frank A. Grant, quartermas
ter, and J. T. Donnelly, superintending
engineer of the army transport service,
is appointed to meet at Seattle, Wash.,
about July 11 for the purpose of mak
ing an inspection of the steamer Major
Evan Thomas, now in process of con
struction under contract for the Gov
ernment, prior to its final acceptance.
Captain George McK. Williamson, quar
termaster, . upon arrival at San Fran
cisco will assume charge, under instruc
tions of the quartermaster general of
the army, of the construction work at
Point Bonlta and Fort Mason. Captain
Williamson will take his station at San
Francisco and report to the command
ing general. Department of California,
for assignment to duty as assistant to
the chief quartermaster of that depart
ment, in charge of other construction
work in the vicinity of San Francisco.
Captain Noble H. Creager, quartermas
ter, now at San Francisco, will assume
charge, under Instructions from the
quartermaster general of the army, of
construction work at Fort Walla Walla.
¦ Captain Arthur Cranston, Seven
teenth Infantry, is relieved from duty
on the transport Liscum and is as
signed to duty as acting quartermaster
of the transport Dlx at Manila to re
lieve Captain Theodore Sternberg, who
will proceed by the first available
transport to San Francisco, thence
home to await retirement from active
service. Private Phlneas W. McGuire,
Company B, Nineteenth Infantry, Van
couver Barracks, will . be discharged
without honor from the army for the
good of the service. Private Calvin
E. Ervay. Troop M. Fifth Cavalry,
Fort Apache, Arizona Territory, is
transferred to the Signal Corps. He
will be sent to Benicia barracks. Cap
tain David M. King, ordnance depart
ment, will, during Julyi August and
September, make. two visits per month
to the works of the California Pow
der Company at Santa Cruz and Pin
ole, Cal., on official business pertaining
to the inspection of powder In process
of manufacture for the ordnance de
partment. Ordnance Sergeant Fre
mont A. Wootton, Fort Leavenworth,
Kansas, will be sent to the Presidio
and thence to Manila to relieve Ord
nance Sergeant Thomas B. Mac-
Sweeney, who will be sent to Fort
Leavenworth. Ordnance Sergeant
Charles Hudemann, Manila, will be
sent to Fort Schuyler. New York, to
relieve Ordnance Sergeant George Leff,
who will be sent to Manila.
OF INTEREST TO
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Works Marvelous Cures
.With a "Bloodless Sur
gery ?J of His Own Invention
Mr. Bert was royally entertained
while in the north. He says the at
tendance at the eames there has been
marvelous. Mike Fisher Is the great
est man in Tacoma. When asked t»
run for Mayor of the town recently
he said he might consent if It did not
Interfere. with his other business.
President Eugene F. Bert of the Pa
cific Coast Baseball League returned
home last night after a visit of several
weeks in the north. While in Tacomn
Mr. Bert was approached by a prom
inent banker of Spokane, who stated
his town was anxious to join fortunes
with the Pacific Coast League next
season.
Spokane has always been a goo.l
baseball town and last year made ap
plication for admission into this
league. The magnates, turned It down
at that time, but It will probably be
thought better of r/hen they gather
again In annual session. The banker
stated Spokane was not satisfied with
the Pacific National League and want
ed to be In faster company.
Prominent Banker Makes a Proposi
tion to President Bert and Another
Club 3Iay Be Admitted.
SPOKANE WANTS TO JOIN
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE
BERKELEY, June 25. — In addition
to its other functions the University
of California has usurped unto itself
the right to pass upon the quality of
the cooklnsr in local student boarding
houses. It has taken upon itself to
say that fifty-six of these places have
come uj> to the standard and has
given them a "first section" in the
cuisine department. Five others did
not pass the test because the pie or
the soup or something else was not as
good as the label said it should be.
The board of Burvey that acted for
the university in this health food
crusade consisted of Dr. George H.
Reinhardt and Dr. Mary Ritter. This
board went the rounds of the Berkeley
boarding-houses and carried out a
system of inspection.
A schedule of the 100 per cent
boarding-houses Is kept on file at the
recorder's office for distribution. The
houses are listed according to their
prices and it is in evidence that board
can be had from $18 to 535 a month.
Board of Survey Inspects Conditions
at Eating: Places Patronized by
the Student*.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
GRADES BOARDING-HOUSES
A. W. Wilson, a boatbuilder residing
at 721 Tennessee street. San Fran
cisco, was drowned on Friday in the
headwaters of the Salinas River near
Rio Secco. His body was found by
his three companions, G. F. Lehrke of
San Francisco, Ernest Werner of Wat 7
Eonville and John Lion of Soledad.
The par^y had been camping in the
mountains for two weeks. Wilson left
the camp yesterday morning to go
trout fishing. When he did not re
turn in the afternoon his friends be
came uneasy and spent the rest of tho
day in search for hihi, but their search
was fruitless.
They went out. this morning again
and found the body in a dangerous
gorge. It is believed that Wilson -was
fishing from a bowlder and that h?
fell, striking a rock which stunned
him. A deep, gash -was. found on his
head where he had struck. The body
was shipped last evening to Soledad
and will later be brought to this city.
A. W. Wilson of This City Loses His
Life While Camping in the Moun
tains With Friends.
HOATBUILDER DROWNED
IN* THE SALIXAS RIVER
SCOTCH MINER
RIVALS LORENZ
Policeman Dunn heard two shots
fired in rapid succession and hasten
ing to the comer of Ninth and Folsom
streets saw Riley's unconscious form
a few feet away. He was lying face
downward in a pool of blood and lib
brains were oozing from a large hole
at the base of the skull.
That the man was shot with mur
derous intent nccms probable. A
search of his clothes revealed severaF
papers and letters bearing tho name
of Andrew Riley. The police are seek
ing for traces of his supposed assail
ant.
A .man . Mipposed to be Andrew
Riley, a laborer, residing at 23 Sheri
dan street, was found with a bullet
wound in his skull shortly before 2
o'clock this morning. The dying man
was found on the sidewalk on Ninth
street, between Folsom and Harrison,
by Patrolman Dunn. He was removed
to the Emergency Hospital, and the
physicians say he will die.
Wounded Man Is Rushed to Emer
gency Hospiial, Where Death Is
Momentarily Expected.
Attracted by the superior advantages
that this summer school will offer In
the wav of a faculty of famous schol
ars, applications for the privilege of
becoming students arc coming from a
great number of people to the record
er's office at the University of Califor
nia. The fame of the summer school
evidently has spread, everywhere, for
the applications are coming from re
mote places all over the Pacific Coast,
including Nevada, Arizona, Oregon.
"Washington, Now Mexico and Utah.
Up to the hour of clO3ing this after
noon there were 676 applications on file.
This portends an increase in the total
•attendance over last year, when
there was an enrollment of S6$. Dur
ing the last three days the numbers
came in more rapidly than before, and
if they equal the registrations of last
year there will be at least 1000 people
at the school.
The school will convene next Mon
day morning. By that time all the fac
ulty wiir have arrived and prepared
for work. None of the Eastern mem
bers have come yet, but they are ex
pected before the end of the week.
iierkcley Office Fan Francisco Call,
214S Center street, June 25.
Deputy District Attorney W. H. L.
Hj-nes conducted the prosecution and
Attorney F. W. Fry represented the
defendant.
The jury included some of the most
promlnfnt citizens and was composed
of the following: Charles S. Neal
foreman), Frank P. Le Count. John
E. Youngbers. L. W. Glauflln, George
W. Shreve. Herbert D. Clark, D. Nls
c-en, H. G. Jacobsen, J. H. Boyle, J.
C. Lindernian, Alexander Mueller and
H. 11. Alton.
•ALAMEDA, June 23.— Mi'.ton Blake,
known as "Jack the Swatter," was
found guilty this evening by a Jury
in City Justice R. B. Tappan's court
on a charge of battery that had been
preferred against him by Miss Kate
Cronin. It was the third trial of the
defendant on the same charge, the
juries in the other two trials having
stood six for conviction and five for
acquittal. The jury that found against
fllake this evening occupied an hour
In reaching a conclusion and recom
mended the defendant to the mercy of
the court after finding him guilty.
Defendant Is Identified by
Miss Kate Cronin as the
Person Who Attacked Her
To prepare for the expected, com
petition the Southwestern has appro
priated $5,000,000 and Is now Improv
ing its service In every possible way
and contemplates many further Im
provements and an eventual reduction
in both local and long-distance rates.
GALVESTON'. Tex., June 25. — It is
learned. upon good authority that H.
E. Huntingdon, who haa within the
last few days resigned as vice presi
dent of the Southern Pacific Railroad,
will hereafter devote himself to de
veloping the Independent Telephone
system, which he has recently organ
ized in the Southwest.
The plans of the new organisation
Involve several million dollars, which.
it Is understood, has been subscribed
in New Tork City. Already the Hunt
ingdon Interests have secured control
of many of the mo3t Important inde
pendent local exchanges In Texas^
Louisiana, Arkansas, Indian Territory
and Oklahoma. Wires have beMn
strong or lines already under opera
tion have been leased, connecting all
the more Important point* In Southern
Texas and also Eastern Texas. These
will be extended at once for long-dis
tance service. The infant company
will prove a strong competitor to the
Southwestern Telephone and Tele
graph Company, which has thus far
enjoyed a monopoly of the territory
above mentioned.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Enters Lists Against Old
Corporation That Has En
joyed Monopoly for Years
? •
Believed to Be Andrew
Riley, a Laborer, Living
. at 25. Sheridan;
Man Fatally Wound
ed Is Found on
Ninth- Street,
TO FIGHT FOR CONTROL
ST. LOUIS, June 25.— The police to
day discovered that a Four Courts
prisoner, Dr. R. "W. Royal Donmeyer,
a young dentist whose personal card
proclaims him a Mystic Shriner and a
thirty-second degree Mason of San
Francisco, had passed stolen diamonds
valued at more than $4000 through the
bars of his cell into his mother's mouth
while kissing her. The mother re
stored the diamonds to their owner,
vainly attempting to persuade the lat
•ter not to prosecute.
The plaintiffs are Mr. and Mrs. W. B.
Hays of St. Louis, who were entertain
ing Donmeyer when it is alleged he
stole the diamonds from Mrs. Hays'
Jewel box. At first the Hays did not
suspect Donmeyer, but Chief of De
tective^ Desmond did and accordingly
ordered Donmeyer arrested. A search
of Donmeyer's person failed to reveal
the diamonds, which at that moment
were hidden in a cavity In his mouth
caused by the loss of two rear teeth.
According to Assistant Chief Gillaspy,
Donmoyer's knowledge of dentistry
helped him greatly In the selection of
a hiding place for the diamonds.
The police learned the secret by
"sweating" Donmeyer .to-day, after
Hays had told of the restoration of the
diamonds to him by " Donmeyer's
mother.
JDonmeyer's father and mother ar
rived on Monday from Johnstown, Pa.,
where the name of Donmeyer is highly
respected. Mrs. Donmeyer. pleaded for
a chance to see her son alone. This
permission was refused until Thursday
afternoon. Her son was brought to
her and the guards retired to a re
spectful distance.
Mother and son talked earnestly for
a long while, the mother weeping. The
son arose and took his mother in his
arms. Their lips met in a long and
fervent kiss. The guard, watching
them covertly, felt a sympathetic lump
rise in his throat, but kept hi3 eyes
upon them. The mother turned away
with her handkerchief to her eyes and
her hands covering her face, and pass
ed out of the jail; the son was led back
to his cell.
Special Dispatch to The Call
— « — • ¦ " ¦ .
While Kissing His Mother
He Transfers Them to Her
Through Bars of Ml
HIDES (JEMS IN MOUTH
Session Will Open- on 31011
day Next When the Hard
Work Will Be Begun
«
FACULTY IS ATTRACTION 1
Number of Applications In
dicates That the Attend
ance AVill Be Large
Third Jury in the Case of
Mack the Swatter" Agrees
After Being Out an Hour
ASKS MERCY OF COURT
Among the other members of the
summer school faculty to arrive to
day were Professor James Ward, fel
low of Trinity College and professor of
mental philosophy at the University
of Cambridge, England, who will give
instruction in psychology; Professor
Frank M. McMurry, professor of the
theory and practice of teaching In
Teachers' College, Columbia Univer
sity, and Reginald A. Daly, geologist
to Canada for the Internationa]
Boundary Commission.
Since leaving Holland Professor de
Vrifts has visited a number of Ameri
can botsr.it-ts. At Columbia Univer
sity the degree of doctor of science was
conferred upon him. He crossed the
'•ontinent via the south, visiting the
desert laboratory of the Carnegie In
stitute at Tucson and the California
orange groves. During his visit here
he v.ill ca!l upon Luther Burbank of
Santa riosa, the horticulturist, whose
fame is hardly less widespread than
that of Professor de Vries.
VISITS YANKEE BOTANISTS.
r*rof«"ssor de Vries has experimented
v. ith thousands of varieties of flowers
fci-.d thousands of varieties of prim
roses. After twenty years he succeed
ed in showing that there is a wide gap
between a certain variety of primrose
jr.d its offspring — so different in its
i.irm and shape ar,d color that they
? ecm to hold nothing in common. Ap
l*liet! to «.ther forms of life these re
salts P"i!H to*the conclusion that these
wide saps have occurred elsewhere in
nature and bare been a distinguishing
part of Its phenomena.
"Pome of the seeds of the evening
prinw.se that I found in a state of
mutation in Holland I have sent here,"
I'rcJcfsor de Vries said, "and I expect
to use the bloom* from them in my
demonstrations at the Bummer school.
My work here will consist largely In on
explanation of "my investigations into
the orijrin of species and varieties and
the bearing upon the theories of evo
1-jtirn."
Profrrsor IJue<» de Vrles, the great
est of botanists, arrived from the East
this rr.crrinR to tak<? up his work as
a member of the faculty of the sum
mer srliocl at t'.ie University of Cali
fornia. The trip across sea and con
tinent was a trial of the scientist's
strength, for he is bordering on "0
years of ace. He renewed his youth,
however, when he jou-d himself in the
m'.dft «>f vistas crowded with his be-
Jovcd Dowers. More than anything else
was lie p!f«s««d v. ith the Berkeley prim
rose?. It is the primrose that has sur
rendered to him 50 much of its secret
that has a hearing on the theories of
the origin of life.
'Why.' 1 he said, VI lind growing
everywhere varieti'"' of the very prim
rose that I have been educating these
last twenty years. I had no idea that
the flora of California was so diverse.
It Is really wonderful— wonderful."
Professor de Vries Is a famous bot
anist- As a seeker into the mysteries
of beinp. through the agency of flora,
he has met with signal success. All
his achievements have been accom
plished at the University of Amster
dam. Holland, where a great deal more
attention is devoted to the botanical
science than in any other country.
TWJINTY YEAKS' LABOR.
»rke!*y Office Snn Francisco Call
ritS Cer.i«r Street, Jur.e 25.
With n Simple Primrose
Scientist Will Explain
• Some of His Achievements
TELLS OF HIS PURPOSES
Professor Hugo dc Vrics
Comes to Give Theories
on Origin of Species
Young San Franciscan Is
in Jail tit St. Louis
on a Sensational Charge
Prepares to Expend Several
Millions in Developing
Thone System in Texas
MURDERER'S
BULLET IN
HIS HEAD
FLORA PLEASES
GREAT BOTANIST
SUMMER SCHOOL
PROMISES WELL
FINDS MILTON
BLAKE GUILTY
ROBS HOSTESS
OF DIAMONDS
HUNTINGTON
IN NE W FIELD
SIGHT OF WIFE
CURES MANIAC
Butcher on Steamer Excel
sior Becomes Crazed on Ee
tum Trip From Alaska
C03LES BACK IX * IKONS
When Spouse Visits Him
in the Detention Hospital
His Keason Is Kestored
Special Dlrratch to The Call.
SEATTLE, June 25.— Joseph Klemer,
a butcher on the steamship Excelsior,
was a raving maniac this morning
when the vessel arrived from Alaska,
all because he thought he saw his
wife's face mirrored in the waters when
he looked over the side of the vessel
four days ago. A believer in super
stitions and omens, this meant to
Klemer that some one was plotting
against the wife he had married in
Seattle six months ago and who was
awaiting his return. He thought that
some enemy was pursuing her and this
enemy he took to be her stepfather.
Being unable to help her, he became a
madman and was put in irons. It re
quired two Jailers to carry him to the
County Jail this morning, where a
medical commission was summoned to
examine him.
The minute that Klemer saw his wife
and that she was not injured, he quiet
ed down and became almost perfectly
sane.
In Valdez, Alaska, lives Mrs. Klem
er's stepfather, and It is said he has
always been trying to make trouble
for the couple. It is declared that when
the mother of Mrs. Klemer died, her
stepfather tried to force her to marry
him, but she ran away. Some months
afterward ghe married Klemer and the
stepfather, according to the story told
by several witnesses, has been pursu
ing the couple ever since.
GRANT SMITH PLAYS WELL
AFTER A LONG LAY OFF
Salisbury and Gardner Beat Rolfe and
Dr. Hill In Interesting Tennis
Doubles Match.
A cold wind and fog kept many of
the crack tennis players away from
the courts yesterday. Grant M. Smith
made his reappearance after an ab
sence of several weeks and put up a
good game. He played three sets with
Herbert Long and won all three. The
State champion is playing almost as
well as ever, and expects to be at his
best on the Fourth of July.
A good doubles match was played in
the afternoon. The contestants were
Sidney Salisbury and Carl Gardner
and Dr. Hill and Harry Rolfe. Each
side won two sets, the first two going
to Salisbury and Gardner and the last
two to Hill and Rolfe.
Harry Haight played three close sets
with Melville Long. The latter made
his more experienced opponent play hl3
best to beat him.
Dr. McChesney played a fast set
with Herbert Long. The doctor was
a trifle too strong for Long and won
by a 6-4 score.
Robert Drolla and Harold Gabriel
won two sets out of three from "Werner
Stauf and Alden Ames. In singles
Stauf and Ames divided honors, each
winning a set.
The following matches were played:
Sidney Salisbury and Carl Gardner tied
Dr. Hill and Harry Rolfe, 6-4. 6-4, 3-6,
2-6; Harry Haigbt beat Melville Long,
6-4, 8-6, 6-4; R. Drolla and H. Gabriel
beat Werner Stauf and Alden Ames,
6-4, 4-6, 6-3; Dr. McChesney beat Her
bert Long, 6-4; Ames tied Stauf, 6-4,
4r6; "Walter MacGavIn beat Gabriel,
9-7; Grant , Smith beat H. Long. 2-5,
6-3, 7-5; Knowlton beat O'Hara, 6-4,
3-6, 6-2.
About a dosen of the players will
Journey to San Rafael to-day to ac
custom themselves to the heat and
courts. Some good practice matches
will be played.
FLYCASTERS ARE HAMPERED
BY UNFAVORABLE WEATHER
The members of the San Francisco
Flycastlng Club did not find weather
conditions favorable yesterday at
Stow Lake, Golden Gate Park. Col
onel Young was the only distance
caster to score more than 100 feet.
The official scores follow:
O y Delicacy, tr
3 13 "US Mi X
S gq 3jj 3g 5 JS
CONTESTANTS £ ." J? M 5 r5"
ft : S.-* 2.* n : *
• « '. • • 3 Z
C O. Young 10190 134 194.2 |W.l 193.8
\V E. Brooks 99. 4 $3.8:80.101 82. 8 ....
T. C. Klerulff .... 05 88.4 79.4 78.4 77.10 80.8
O. W. Lane 92 M.S |$9.4
F J. Lane 92. 487.881. 8 S4.8 ....
C. M. Kew«U ... 80 86 81 70 75.6 79.4
F H. Reed .... 86 S3.4!S9.4 94.2 91.9
RE-ENTRY.
F H. Reed 32 80 191.8 07.6 194.7 1....
f! J. Lan« 82.8 93.4 80.10 S7.1 ....
G. W. Lane N 00.10i83.5 ....
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN. ..'FRANCISCO CALL* .SUNDAY, JUNE 20, .1001.
40
A well located lodging-house
provide*; a good income.
Qultr a tew, nicely situated,
¦re advertised to-day.
Read the list of LODGING-
HOUSES FOR SALE.Continued on Page 47.
BAGS— Grain Bags, 5%e; San Quentln.
$5 40; Wool Bags. 32&33c: Fleece Twine.
7©Sc.
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton $8; Seattle, in 60; Bryant. $6 50; Beaver
Hill. $5 50; Stanford. $7;,Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay, $5 60; Greta. $7; Wallsesd, $7; Richmond.
$7 60; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and $14 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg, ;i3; Welsh Lump.
$11 CO; Cannel. is 50 per ton; Coke, $11 5O@13
per ton In bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $11 43 per 2000 lbs and $12 80
per long ton, according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5c; Linseed, 40c per gallon for boiled and
General Merchandise.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL. '",
Wheat — July. Sept.
Opening 6 3% 6 4%
Closing • 6 3%. 6 4%
PARIS.
Wheat — . ¦ June. Sept. -Dec. i
Opening: ...'..... .20 00 10 95
Clcslng 20 60 ' 20 60
Flour —
Op-nlng 27 25 27 10
Closing ..... 27 25 27 25
St. Lou is Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, June 25.— WOOL— Firm. . Medi
um . grades, 18<?24%c; light fine. 16@19c;
heavy fine, 12015c; tub-washed, 20t333c
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, June 25. — Clearings, $785,733;
balances. $117,692.
TACOMA, June 25. — Clearings, $254,644;
balances. $43.603. ?&&•
• PORTLAND. June 23. — Clearings, $413,983;
balances, $61,018.
SPOKANE. June 23. — Clearings. $286,486;
balances, $40,528.,
; Northern Wheat Market. ;
OREGON. . *
PORTLAND. »' June 23.— WHEAT — Wall*
Walla, 60c; Bluestem," 79c; Valley. 78c.
WASHINGTON.
June : 25.— WHEAT— Unchanged.
Bluestem. bOc; Club, 69c . /
S»n Francisco and vicinity — Fair; wanner
Bunday; light south weet wind, chancing to
krtsk. wcrterl}-.
X. Q. McADIE. District Forecaster.
Miscellaneous Markets.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less SO
per cent shrinkage for Cattle: .
CATTLE— Steers. 7%©8Ue; Cows and Heif
ers 0%@7c; thin Cows. 4O5c per lb.
CALVES — l@4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3UG3%c; Ewes. 2%©3o
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 25(^2 CO per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs, 4%c;
200 to 250 lbs. 4%c; over 250 lbs, 4%c: soft
Hogs, nominal; Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars.
50 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent oft from
above quotations. .
VEAL— Large. 7®8c; small. 8®9%o per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%esc; Ewes. «%©7o
per lb.
LAMB— R^Oe per lb.
PORK— Dresw.1 Hogs. 6%®8%c per IV. •
' LIVESTOCK MARKET.
¦ There was a further decline In Hogs yester
day, as more stock is coming in than the
market can take care of. Veal was steady
at the Improved prices. The other descriptions
remained unchanged.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6©7c for Steers and 536a per lb
for Cows.
Meat Market.
The Week Closes With Dull and
Featureless Markets.
Business was extremely dull on the Stock
and Bond Exchange, with Fruit Canners lower
at $97 BO and Spring Valley Water firm at
$3SS3S 12%. There were no other changes. The
Tonopah mining stocks continued active and;
quotations were generally somewhat higher.
The Comstocks and oil stocks continued dull.
SaJes on the California Exchange last weelc
were 10.297 shares, valued at $5559, tha lead-
Ing sales being U10O shares of Independence.
Ex-dividend yesterday: Illinois Crude Oil.
Hie; Northern • California Power, regular
monthly, 5c per share, amounting to $300u;
Claremont Oil Company, Its first dividend of
lc per* share; Homestake Mining Company or
South Dakota a regular monthly of 25c.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
regular monthly dividend ot *33c per shars
July 5
An assessment of $10 per share was delin
quent yesterday on the stock at the Consoli
dated People's Ditch Company.
The Swiss- American Bank has declared
semi-annual dividends on -saving deposits at
the rate of 3.60 per cent per annum on term
and X25 per cent on ordinary, payable July X.
The Union Savings Bank of Oakland. ta«
Central Bank of Oakland and the* the Farm
ers' and Merchants' Savings Bank of Oakland
have declared semi-annual dividends at tho
rate of 3-25 per cent per annum, on all de
posits, payable July 1.
The Marina Marslcano Gold Mining Com
pany of Shasta County has levied an assess
ment of 5c per share, delinquent July 16.
The privilege offered to stockholders of rec
ord of the Security Savings Bank of this city
of purchasing SCO shares of the capital stoclc
at $325 per share In the proportion o£ two.
thirds of a new share for each share of. the
outstanding stock expired yesterday.
The output of ore from the Ophlr mine last
week was 261 mining carloads, valued at
$70 57 per ton, an.l 22 carloads, valued ac
$20 14. The yield for the previous week was
303 carloads of ore. assaying $73 05 per ton.
and 29 carloads, assaying $22 15. Unofficial
advices state that It is Intensely hot In tha
stones above the 130ft level and give that as
one of the reasons for the decreased output,
while other accounts take a more unfavorable
view of the situation.
The mining stock exchanges and the oil ex
change will adtourn from tha close of business
on Thursday, June 30. until Tuesday mornln*.
July 5.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culis and brands sen
about %'tfle under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9%c: medium. 8%c; light. 8c; Cow
Hides, Sc for heavy and 8c for light; Stags.
fie; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted
Calf. -lie; dry Hides, 16c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf. 18c Sheepskins, shearlings. 25i&30c each;
short Wool. 40@65c each; medium. 70-gOCc: long
Wool, $1@1 50; Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large and $2@2 SO for medium. $1 25@1 75 for
small and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $191 23
for small and 50b for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican, 30c; dry Salted Mexican. 25c: dry
Central American. 30@32%c. Goat Skins—
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth, 60c;
medium. H5c; small, 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4%©4%c per lb;
No. 2. 3%@4c; grease. 2%e3c
WOOL — Spring Clip — Humboldt and Mendo
cino 17@19c; San Jotiquln and Southern. 12
months' 10®12c; do 7 months'. 9@llc per lb;
Middle Counties. 13317c for free and 12@15o
for defective; Northern, 16@18c for free and
14@K5c for defective; Nevada, 13316c, accord
ing to condition.
HOPS— Nominal at 25@27%c per lb for Cali
fornia. 1903. Contracts for 19O4. crop are quoted
at 17%«20c.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refining, 3 7-lOc;
centrifugal. 96 test, 3 15-16c; molasses sugar,
3 3-lGc; refined, firm; No. 0, 4.55c: No. 7. 4.50c;
No. 8. 4.45c; No. 9, 4.40c; No. 10. 4.35c; No. i
11, 4.30c; No. 12, 4.25c; No. 13, 4.20c; No. 14,
4.15c; confectioners' A. 4.80c; mold A, 5.30c:
cut loaf and crushed. 5.05c;: powdered, 5.05c;
granulated, 4.95c; cubes, 4.90c.
BUTTER — Strong. Creamery, common to ex
tra. 13!gl8%c; State dairy, common to extra, '
13<&17c.
CHEESE— Quiet, full cream, small white and
colored, 8@8%c; large white an* colored, 7%
@sc. -:- • . ;
EGGS— Steady. Western extras, 17%@18c; !
prlrn*", 17c. ¦0*49* I
POULTRY — Alive, weak; Western spring
chickens, 18c; fowls, lie; turkeys, 12c. /
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— For October and
November delivery show an easy tone, with
buyers unwilling to pay more than 5c for
prime. The spot market Is unchanged. Com
mon are qukt at 4@5V£c; prime, 5%@5%c;
choice, 666% c; fancy, "c.
PRUNES — Have an easy undertone, owing
to the light demand. Quotations range from
2%c to 5%c. according to grade.
APRICOTS— Are firm at 9%®10c for choice.
10U@10%c fcr extra choice and 11613c for
fancy.
PEACHES — Remain unchanged, with choice,
quoted at 7@7' / 4c; extra choice, 7%@8c; fancy,
9%@10c.-
Associated Banks' Statement.
NEW YORK, 'June 25. — The statement .of
averages of the clearing-house bank* of this
city for the week shows: Loans $1,066,813,
200, Increase $17,123,400; deposits $1,143,314,
100, increase f21.301.600: circulation, $38,970.
100, Increase $217,300; legal tenders $83,912,
900. Increase *900,200; specie $240,368,300, In
crease $4,002,000; reserve $324,281,200. • in
crease $4,008,200; reserve required $285,828, -
«75, decrease $417,200; ex-United States depos
its $44,294,325, decrease $430,725.
New York Dry Goods. ,
¦~ - . • , ¦ .
NEW YORK. June 2.". — Total imports of dry
goods and general merchandise ' at the port of
New York for the week ending to-day wert
valued at $9.5C8,192. ,
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, June 25. — There was the
usual quiet Saturday trade in metals at prices
COFFEE — The futures market closed un
changed to a decline of ." points. Total sales
82,000 bags. Including: -July. 5.70<55.75c; Au
gust. 5.S5c; September. 5.95@6c: December, 6.25
ffj«.:{0c; March. 6.55G-«.t;0c; May, 6.75@6.S0c;
spot Rio, quiet: No. 7 Invoice. 7c; mild, steady;
Cordova, 9"-ifrl2c. *V-^
HIDES — Steady. Galvcston, 20 to 23 pounds.
18c; California. 21 to 25 pounds, 19c; Texas
dry. 24 to 30 pounds./ 14c.
WOOL— Steady. Domestic fleece, 28#32c.
PETROLEUM— Easy. Refined New York,
9.75c
WHEAT— Exrorts, 4700 bushels. Spot, firm;
No. 2 red, nominal elevator, $1 08 f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. ' $1 08 f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal f. o. b
afloat. A strong wheat advance appeared this
morning, owinir to strong cables, further
showers west and European buying of options.
The market closed <SiiS%c higher. September.
84T;<TiS5 ! ftc, cjosed 65%c. December, 83 3-16®
85%c. clo»eJ S3%c.
HOPS— Dull. State, common to choice, 1903
26<j35c; 19T-2. 2.1«i2Cc; old, 9@l4c; Pacific Coast.
1903. 24»30c; olds, 9S14c.
NEW YORK. Jane 25.— FLOUR— Receipts.
13.500 barrels; exports. 14,100 barrels; sales,
2900 barrels. Steady, but quiet. Winter pat
ents". $4 1MX&5 20: winter straights. $4 7OW4 83;
Minnesota. $4 S5*f5 20; winter extras, $.1 3548
4 00; Minnesota bakers', $3 65@3 95; winter low
grades. $:: 15«3 SO.
Nav York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, June 25. — Cloce: Money on
call was nominal: no loans. Time loans were
easy with Oy and &0 <iay bills at 1%'y- per
cent and six months at 3 tx-t cent.
Prime mercantile parxr, 3U&4 per cent.
Sterling exchange was firm with actual busi
ness in bankers 1 Mils at J4.S73O-&4.8735 for
demand and at ?4.8.140ft4.S54j for sixty days.
Potted rates. *4 &6 and !f4 88.
Commercial bills. $4 84%<=14 S5U.
Bar silver. 56V»c.
Mexican dollars, 46c
Bonds — Governments, steady: railroads, firm.
Exports of specie from New York for the
week were $510,315 silver and $112,247 gold.
Imports of specie at New York during the
week were $128,24S gold and $11,476 silver. ,
Nczv York Stocks and Bonds.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atcfaisoa 3.500 r.i 72% 72*4
Atchlson pfd 200 !I5% 95*4 »5*!s
Baltimore & Ohio. . 1,000 W)V4 W% SOMi
Halt & Ohio ufd... 3U0 91*4 flVi 91 '
Canadian Pacific... SuO 123U 122')s 12L'*i
Cent 01 New Jersey 161
Chesapeake & Ohio 31
Ch lea fro &. Alton CV;4
Chi & Alton pfd 76
Chi & Gt Western 13 Vi
Chi & N W 170
Chi Mil & St V 2,200 143% 143«4 14-Hi
Chi M & Ft P pfd 177
Chi Ter & Trans b»£
Chi T & T pfa 15%
C C C & St Louis t»
Colorado Southern.. 100 16 16 35%
Co!o South 1st pfd 4S'/3
Colo South 2d pfd. ICO 20 20 20
Dela & Hudson... 100 155 a i 155% 135U
Dela Lack & W 27t>
Denwr & Rio Gr 20%
Den & Rio Gr pfd 70
Erie 1.100 23% 23% 2.-JS4
Erie 1st pfd 200 58 Vi Say* 5SV4
Erie 2d pfd 34 %
Hc»cking Vall-y 65
Hockir.g Vel pfd 80
Illinois Central .... 300 132 132 l:UV4
Iowa Central 1 •>
Iowa Central pfd • .... 33
Kan City South.... 200 21 '£ 214 21%
Kan City South pfd 43
Lonis & Nash 500 11O<« 110% 110
Manhattan L 2<n> 148>* 148% 148
Metropol Securities. 100 76% 76>4 75%
Mc-tropol St Ry 8,100 108% 107% 107^.
Mexican Central .. 70<> 8% 7% 7%
Minn & Si L 100 43% 43% 42
M S P & S S M.... 900 C6% 65% 65%
MSP&SSMpfU 123%
Missouri Pacific ... 1.100 V2% 92% !»2%
Mo Kan & Tex 16%
Mo Kan & T pfd :>,<•,
Nat Rlt of Mex pfd 36
N Y Central 100 116% 116% 11«%
NnrfoU & Western 200 50% 56% 55%
Norfolk & W pM 85
Ontario & Western. l.(XX» 25% 25% 25%
Pennsylvania SOO 115% 115% 115%
Pitts C C & St L ; 56
Reading 2,200 47% 46% 46%
Reading 1st pfd.... 100 82 S2 81%
Reading 2d pfd 65%
Rock IMand Co 700 20% 20% 20%
Rock Island Co pfd. 200 C5 64^4 65
S L & S F 2(2 pfd 44%
Bt L S XV 12
fit L 8 W pfd 28%
Southern Pacific .. 18,800 47% 46% 46%
Southern Railway.. 100 21% 21% 21
South Ry pfd 85
Texas & Pacific 300 22% 22% 22
Tol St L * W 24
Tol St L & W pfd. 200 3S 37% 37%
Union Pacific ..... 9.300 83 88% 88%
Union Pacific pfd.. 300 93% 93 93
Wabash 300 16 16% 15%
Wabash pfd 600 34% 34% 34
Wheel & L E 15%
Wisconsin Central. 100 16% 16% Ui%
Wlscon Cent pfd.. 37%
Express Companies —
Adams 225
American 100 190 190 188
United State 104
"Wells-Fargo 200
Miscellaneous—
Amalgam Copper .. 2,800 80 49% 49%
Am *l*r & Fdy 200 17% 17% 16%
Am Car & Fdy pfd 71
Am Cotton Oil 100 28 28 25%
Am Cotton Oil pfd .... .... 88
American Ice 500 6% 0% 6%
American Ice pfd 26%
Am Linseed Oil »... -7-
Am Lin Oil pfd .... 24%
Am Locomotive 18%
Am Locomo pfd P2
Am Smelt & Rfr.. 300 63«4 53% 53%
Am Km & RfR pfd. ' - 96%
Am Sugar Rfg .... 300 126% 120% 126%
Anacon Mining Co. 72
Brook Rap Transit 1.500 4S% 48% 48"%
Colo Fuel & Iron .... 29
Consolidated Gas.. 2.500 104% 103% 192%
Corn Products CflO 11 * 11 11
Corn Products pfd. 65
Distillers Securities * 23
General Electric . . 100 155 155 154
Internatl Paper 10%
Int Paper pfd ..... 600 C7% 67 67%
Internatl Pump ... S3
Cons for money.. S'J"4|n- y Central 110U
Do for acct.SH 15-16| Nor & Western... 574
Anaconda 4»i! Do pM 89
Atchlson 74% Ont A Western... 20%
Do pM 98 Pennsylvania 5!U4
Bait & Ohio S2J-4 Rand Mines lOli
Can Pacific 12ti',il Reading L'4'4
Ches & Ohio ."?2 | Do tst pfd 41 ii
Chi Great West.. 14 | Do 2d pfd :'»1U
Chi. Mil &. St P..14«S4|So Railway 21%
De Beers 18 7 il Do pfd 87 U,
Den & Rio G 21*ilSo Pacific 4$%
Do pfd 73 Union Pacific .... 9H,i
Erie 24 I Dopfd Or.
Do 1st pfd 3J)%!U S Steel 10U
Do 2d pfd 3<> I Do pfd 5TU
HI Central 135 | Wabash l«a;
Louis & Nash 11."%I Do pfd 3511
M. K & Texas... 17 j
Bar silver— Firm, 23vjid per ounce.
Honey — I\tfj2 per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills is 2V4 per cent and for three months'
bills 2 3-16@2V« per cent.
London Closing Stock's.
New York Money Market.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8*sc; three
half barrels. 8V4c; one tierce, 8}»c; two tierces,
Sc; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
The Chicago letter of Mitchell. Mulcahy &
Co. said: "Market showed a little strength
early, but met with free offerings, and the
improvement was more than lost. We are In
clined to the view that the holders of Pro
vlslpns would be wise to take profits. In the
first place, we are approaching delivery day
and there is a large scattered long interest.
With liberal local stocks they are pretty apt
to pay full carrying charges Into September.
The advance has been purely speculative, and
on the disappointing receipts of Hogs. There
is nothing very bullish tn the cash situation,
and In respect to Lard is the reverse of bull
ish. Local stocks of Lard are accumulating
rapidly. If there is any shortage of Hogs tn
the country It Is likely to be only in the »nar
ketable Hogs and not in the foundations of
supplies for the future. It may be too soon to
take the bear side, but we think it wise to
take profits."
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10c per lb for
heavy, IOUc for light medium. 12Hc for light.
13 He for extra light and 16c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Kama, l-i'ic; Cali
fornia Hanu, 12Vic; Mess Beef./ $1O@
10 50 per bbl; extra Mess. $11611 50; Family.
$12©12 60; prime Mesa Pork. $14; extra clear,
$22: Mess. $17 50: Dry Salted Pork. 9V4c; Pig
Pork. $26; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef, 14e
per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7c per lb £"r com
pound and 9c for pure': half-barrels, pur«,
»v;c; 10-lb tins. 9^c; 5-lb tins. 9%a; 3-lb tins.
10c.
The. deferred advance In Hams. Bacon and
Lard was announced yesterday. The market,
however, remains dull
Provisions.
EASTERN MARKETS.
47c for raw; Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' AA, cases, $1 10#l 12; Lueol. 45o
for boiled and 4™c for raw;- China
Nut, cases, e2^i*tS0c per gallon; Co
coanut Oil. in barrels. 5Sc for Ceylon and 55.j
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperra
Oil eSc; natural winter Sperm Oil. b^c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 57c; natural Whal»
Oil. 52c; extra winter strained Lard Oil, 73c;
No 1 Lard Oil. 65c; pur» Neatsfoot Oil. 7;)c;
No! 1 Neatsfoot Oil. (53e: light Herrin* Oil.
42c; dark Herring Oil 40c; Salmon OIL 34c:
boiled Fish Oil. 37c; raw Fish Oil. 35c; boiled
Paint OU. 33c; raw Paint Oil. Sic.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
13}ic; Pearl OU. in cases, 20c; AstraV-^20c;
Star. 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine. 20c:
Eocene, 23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk. 16c; In cases. 22^c; Benzine, in bulk.
13c; In cases, 19!4e; 86-degres Gasoline. 1a
bulk. 25c; in cases 31c.
TURPENTINE— 8lc per gallon In case* and
75c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. 7%©
7?ic per lb; Whita Lead. 7i4®7%c. according
to quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Susar Reflnin? Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.95c:
Powdered. 5.80c; Candy Granulated. 0.80c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.70c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.70c; Fruit Granulated. 5.70c; Baet Granu
lated (10O-lb bags only). 5.6Oc: -Confectioners"
A. 5.70c; Magnolia A. 5.30c; Extra C. 5.20c:,
Golden C. 5.10c; "D," 5c; barrels, 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-lt>
bags 10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Halt
barrels. 0.20c: boxes, 6.45c; II. & E. Crystal
Domlnos. 8.70c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. JCNE 23.
Flour, qr sks .. 3,4251 Wool." bales ... 5t
Wheat, ctla 700! Beans, sks 302
Barley, ctls .... 19,5nr»| Tallow, ctls .... 2tl
Oats ctls lot'. Leather, rolls .. T2
Rye. ctls ...... 61 nj Hides. No B2T»
Potatoes, sks .. 2.1S.SI Pelts. No 14rt
Onions ska ... 2551 Lima, bbls .... 4>!2
Bran, 'sks 1501 Wine, sals 8S,S2.-
Middlings. sks.. 4.">! Quicksilver. Cks. 15
Hay. tons 4<*U « *._ A -
OREGON.
Flour qr sks .. 1.024|
WASHINGTON 1 .
Flour, qr sks .. 6.598! Bran, sks .....a 7CS
Wheat, ctla 7.600J
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
For the twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m..
12f>th meridian time, San Francisco, June 25:
___ g g c m 3
!gjg § ¦*
STATIONS ? -5 o 5|
? ? ? » 2.="
: : & -"* s-2
. . * w
Cloverdale 94 45 Clear
Colusa 95 59 .... Clear. .0>\
Eureka 5G 4S NW Clear .CO
Fresno 100 58 « N «;iear .00
Hanford 9S 57 .... Clear .00
Hollister 79 47 W Clear .<»0
Independence 86 60 S Clear .00
IJvermore 95 49 Clear .00
Los Angeles «(> 56 SW Clear .00
Merced !>S 48 .... Clear .00
Napa .*. 82 4* S Clear .00
Newman .....98 P2 .... Clear . .00
Palermo .....101 54 .... Clear .00
Rf.j Bluff 9H 6« N Clear JO
Riverside 87 68 Clear .<"0
Sacramento :*2 58 SW Clear .00
San Diego «<5 <2 W Clear .f»>
Kan Francisco 60 T>~ SW Clear .<">
Pan Jose 84 50 Clear .00
San Luis Obisjw* 68 48 NW Clear . .00
Santa Rosa 81 46 Clear .00
fctookton W 53 •••• Clear .00
Willows 9" 65 N Clear .00
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Colu«a — Crop conditions unchanged.
Hanford — Grain doing nicely; good prospects
for fruit
Willows— Pear crop badly damaged by con
tinued high wind.
Hollister — Late canning cherries; light crop,
but fine quality.
Palermo — Late' peaches ripening; weather fa
vorable for all crops.
Stockton — Clear weather continues favorable
for all deciduous fruit.
San Jose — Eastern shipment of cherries. 1614
cars.
Llvermore — Conditions unchanged.
Newman — Conditions same.
Santa Rosa — Ixx-al canneries packing rasp
berries: crop excellent.
Riverside — Ground now being prepared for
fall i»-.latocs.
Cloverdale — Grape vines thrifty; crop setting
big
Napa — Baling hay: fine quality: medium
crop. A. G. McADIE. Section Director.
L<ocaJ Bank Clesrirps for the week Just end
*& ehow a gain of $3,4f>5.2S5 owr the corre
•por.eing wefk of last year, being $25.600.41«,
aealnst 522.1f'5.1Kl in 1S>O3. The clearings for
the M— le »eek in 3902 were $C0.015,6SL
Lumber Exports in May.
The exrortp ef lumbf-r from San Francisco
by tea in May. exclusive cf worked lumber
ar>4 hardwood, were as fcllotvs:
To— Feet. Valu-s.
England P06.77S $27,203
Hawaiian Islands 236,474 3.521
Tahiti 140,0f«> 4.1OT
Midway Island 102,000 740
Marshall If lands 62.130 1.145
>c*tralia t9.17"i 2.S00
New Zealand 4.0.!7 125
Fanning Island 4.t»t> 125
Mexico 255.O00 4.!)24
Ontral America l'*.»U 2.155
Panama 73.018 2.15S
Peru 676.2*0 21.710
Totals 2,619,792 $70.S05
IXinnaxe —
Great Britain C5.000 975
¦ ¦
Grand t"ta!« 2,684.792 $71,7S0
. In Maj-. 1»13. th«» rxp<)rts. Including dunnapr,
«rcn JJW12.416 fe*t. valued at $23.r,9S. The dun
rap* shipments In that month aggregated
40,000 feet and were vslued at $600.
Dried Fpdt in New York.
Z.t'r mail a«ivic€« from New York say:
"Although complaint is made In some quar
ters that trade is not what it should be even
lor this time of the year, the general rej»ort
Is that there is a fair amount of business,
though tt is on the hand-to-mouth order, and
there is a better feeling in the mark« t than
has been noted for Fome time past. This is
largely attributable to the fact that not for
many years have ttock* of all varieties been
to closely clear.ed up at this s»-ason as they
e^e at the present time. Even raisins are not
Jn excessive supply, even for such a <lull mar
ket. Supplies: of Peaches and Apricots are
particularly low here and light everywhere
eise. particularly on the Coast. In ihU mar
ket there is said to b«- but uno holder of a
rtraight car of any prade of peaches. This
oonslsts of extra choice ettx-k and Is held at
7 x j©sc. Except in f]>ectal Instances local Job
ber* have as yet shown little disposition to
place orders for future delivery, but the sea
son is in Its emiy stages and not much ac
tivity In futures is ever looked for »o soon
after the opening. The currant market is
fairly firm, but as buyers and sellers are a[>art
In their views little business results. Sultana
raisins continue in demand and are moder
ately active."
Washington Crop .Bulletin.
The report of G. N. Salisbury, section di
rector. United States Weather Bureau, for th«
\\>shington Crop Bulletin, week ended June 21,
Is as fallows:
The week war one of averspr warmth for
the season of the year. On Friday brisk to
bifh northwest winds caused a decided fall in
temperature, anfl Saturday remained cool. Sun
day was somewhat warmer In the afternoon.
The drought that has prevailed for several
weeks cu broken on the 17th by a heavy,
r _*>.::.*.- rain throughout the western counties,
and copious ehowers in most parts of the eaj-t
rm counties. Vegetation had be«run to suffer
from lack of moisture; ganiens and strawber
ries were drying up. The rain was. therefore,
of very great benefit to crops of nil kinds,
except, perhaj*. the hay crop, some of which
wa» being cut. In parts of the western coun
ties hirh winds and ' heavy rain lodged the
clover badly. From appearances the hay crop
will not be as heavy as it has been for the
yast two or three years. Timothy is reported
as light, and the alfalfa that has been cut is,
eo far, a light crop.
Although northerly -winds have prevailed
mu«-h of the time for two weeks they have not
been hot enough to Injure the wheat, and the
only damage uas on low lands, from the frost
of the 11th inst. Winter wheat continues in
fine condition, and 1* fast approaching ma
turity. Some in the southeast counties has
been cut for hay.. Spring wheat, barley, and
oats are all growing well. Considerable China
lettuce is reported In Lincoln County fields.
Barly potatoes are all in bloom, and late ones
are well up out of the ground. Heavy winds
broke off the arms of hop vines and whipped
them badly: they also blew off considerable
fruit. Royal Anne cherries are beginning to
ripen.
Weather Report.
<120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. June 25 — 5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reportfd for the previous day
from Eastern cities:
Boston 84-fi2 1 New Orleans 92-70
Cincinnati 92-70 Philadelphia 82-6S
Jacksonville 84-70 Washington M-«8
St. Louis 84-72iNew York 7U-64
THE COAST RECORD.
1 nn^'t* 1
STATIONS. £ lilifS I? E
; I I ! I 1
Biker 30.14 74 40* NE Clear
Carson 2a. W 82 4© W Clear .<>w
Eurfka 30.02 86 48 NW Clear .00
Fretno 29.78 10S « N Clear .««>
fi.E.Farallon 29.»4 S3 57 NW Cloudy .00
FlatrsUiff 28.76 72 44 E Clear .0O
Pocatello .'J0.I4 72 S8 NE Clear .00
Independence 2».M S« «0 K Clear .00
Los Angfles..29.'.»2 72 M HW Clear .00
Jit TamalpaUs 29.03 80 GH W Clear .00
North Head.. 30. 14 58 48 NW Clear .00
Phoenix 23.72 104 72 SW Clear .00
Pt Reyes Lt.29.K8 f.<5 48 NW Foggy .00
Portland .10.n0 84 6<> NW Oear .00
Ked Bluff 29.78 1>H CH N Clear .00
Roseburg 23.98 SS 46 SW Clear .00
- fcacramento ..23.82 in T>H SW Clear .00
Halt Lake 3O.<« 70 60 NW Clear .00
Fan Franci«cc23.82 «0 62 BW Clear .00
£ L. OblFpo..a».92 68 4S NW Clear .00
San Diego ...2».«2 «» C2 W Clear .00
Seattle 30.14 74 48 NW Clear .<*>
Fnokane 30.14 80 42 N Pt.Cldy .OO
Tatooeh ......30.18 60 4« NW Cloudy .00
Walla Walla. 30.04 M 50 8W Pt.Cldy .00
Winnemuec* ,30.'>0 78 40 SE Clear .00
yuma 29.72 10* e8 W Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The oreFKure has fallen slowly over the
greater portion of the Pacific KIoDe.
Warmer weather prevails • over the entire
country west of th» Rocky -Mountains, except
Jn Arizona and New Mexico, where It ¦ f
cooler. '-" m
Maximum teaoerature* above 100 AtgncM
ere ret>ort«"d in the interior of California.
A thunderstorm is reported at Flagstaff,
The following high winds ar* reported:
North Head, 26, northwelt^ Flagstaff, 31,
north »-e«t: El Paso. 30, northwest.
Forfcast made at ' San Francisco for thirty
fcoure eadlnf inldnlgnt, June 28:
Nortbern California— Fair; warmer Sunday;
tight north trtnd.
Southern California — Fair; warmer Sunday,
vrith tog In the morning; light southwest wind.
Nevada — Fair Sunday; continued warm.
Int Pump pfd 72
National Lead .... 800 20H 2oj£ 20^4
North American .'. 85
Paclflo Mail 24»i
People's Gas 9711s
Pressed Steel Car 27
Pressed St Car pfd 70
Pullman Pal Car.. .:... ' 215
Republic Steel fliA
Republic Steel pfd 40>'i
Rubber Goods ' 15'
Rubber Goods pfd 7«
Tenn Coal & Iron 35
U S Leather 100 6Ji 684 6i£
U S Leather pfd...' 600 80 79t« 79Ti
U 6 Realty 600 6tf 6 B
V S Realty pfd 58»i
i; S Rubber lfti,
XT S Rubber pfd... 65Vi
U S Steel 900' 10 9<« 9^4
V S Steel pfd 6,200 56 65*4 55%
Weatinghouso Elec. 100 186*i 156*4 155
Western Union ... . 100 S" 87 86%
Total sales 68,100 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. June 25.— Bond transactions of
United Railroads of Son Francisco: 15,000 at
579 67%; 10,000 at $79 50.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common— Bid. $4: asked, $4 50. Preferred-
Bid, $38 67^- asked, $39.
NEW YORK BONDS. • :—
U 8 ref 2s regr. .104% L & N unified 4s.l01«i
Do coupon 105% Man con gold 4s.H>ti*,
Do 3s reg 1<>6?4 Mex Central 4s... 64*4
Do coupon 100 Do 1st inc 13
Do new 4s reg.U<2'i Minn & St L 4s.. 95 S 4
Do coupon 133 M. K & Tex 4s... 93^
Do ol<l 4s reg.lOt>>4 Do 2ds. 78Vi <
Do coupon 105»»|NR of Mex con 4s 77%
Atch gen 4s 102%|N Y C gen 3^8-. 10O 1 *.
Do adj 4s 94 1. 4 IN J C gen 5s 13.'J'4
Atlantic C L 4s. 9«"!»|Nor Pac 4s. 104^8
Bait ft Ohio 4s.. .103 j Do 3s 71
Do 3',is fl<Hi Nor & W con 4s. 100
Central of Ga 5s.lll |OSL 4s & partlc. {•*•¦<;
Do 1st Inc 74>i|P* conv 3'4s 96%
Ches & Ohio 4^5.105 Reading gren 4s...l00T s
Chi & Alton ."Mis. 7f»%|s L & I M con 5s.115Vj,
C. B & Q new 4s. 97% IS L & S F 1 fg 4s. 82 •
CM & SP gn 45.109 St lx>uis SW lets. 94*4
C & NW con ~f. 12St;( Seaboard A L 4s. CSV
C. BIS Pac 4s. 69y*|i-:o Pac 4s &•?'<,
Do col fin 79*iiSo Railway Sb.T.117%
C.C.C & SL*n 4s. 100% Tex & Pac lste..m
Chi Term 4s 7« T, St L & W 4s. 70»i
Cons Tobacco 4s. <;l % Union Pacific 4s. .103*4
Colo & So 4a 84 Do conv 4a 9!»',S,
Colo F & Iron... «i9 IT £ Steel 2d 5s.. 75%
\)rn & Rio G 4g.tnOi, Wabash l»t« 117
Erie prior lien 4s.l<V>i 4 Do deb B 5fi»4
Do gen 4s 8«mw & L Erie 4s... fll
F W & D C 1ots.in»u,:wis Central 4s... 91»4
Hock Val 4Us...109-;|
NEW YORK M IN ING STOCKS.
Adams Con Wi Ontario .'.... 3 23
Alice 25|Ophir 3 40
Breece lOlPhoenix . 17
Com Tunnel,-,... Osj Totosl ' (17
Con Cal & Va... 1 00j Savage 14
Horn Silver 1 3<VSiorra Nev ::i
Iron Silver 1 751 Small Hopes .... 15
Leadvllle Con ... C2|Standani 2 10
Little Chief C3|
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— Ju S Steel 9"i
Call loans 2'<t."HI Do pfd 54*4
Time loans ....3tr4 | Westing Common. 78
Bonds — I Mining —
Atchlson 4s 101>4; Adventure 1
Do adj 4s a-iXjIAIIouez U'i
Mex Central 4s... 02%jAmal Copper 4l»%
. Railroads— lAnier Zinc !»'i
Atchlson 72%| Atlantic ~V*
Do pfd !>5>»U<ir.gham 22^
Boston & Albany. 242 >;. I Calumet & I£ecla.45.*>
l>oston & Maine.. 165 Centennial 19'/i
Iio.ston Elev 140 | Copper Range ... 42^4
Fitrhburg pfd l.">r. I Daly West 23Vj
Mcx Central 7'ilDom Coal ... 45
N Y. N H & H..1SH 1 Franklin 7
l'ere Marquctte... 75 jurancy 3
Union Pacific WVillsIe Royale 7 7 S
Mls<ellaneous— |Mass Mining 4
Amor Arge Chem. 13^|. Vlchitran 3'4
Do pM 73Ui Mohawk 11
Amor Pneu Tube. 4 | Mont Coal & Cok« 4
Anier Sugar 120U Old Dominion ...13
Do pM 128 lOsceola 60Va
Amer Tel & Tel.l.tOVtl Parrot 25
Amer Woolen ... 10i.jlQ.mncy 82
Do pfd 77 S 4 1 Shannon 5?4 ,
Dom Iron & S... S I Tamarack l«»
Ed Elect Ilium. ,.2."« iTrinity 3t;
Oen Electric l. r io It! S Mining -*OVs '
Mass Electric 19^(U S Oil .* 10 1
Do pfd 72>-,li:tah 3-T-' t '
Mass Gas 3f4«-il Victoria 2% j
United Fruit 106 jWinona »;Vi
Un Shoe Mach... 40 j Wolverine 72
Do pfd C9V4I
Bank Clearings.
CHICAGO. June 25. — As the result of a va
riety of bullish Influences, a strong tone pre
vailed In wheat at the opening. Th? most
prominent factors were higher cables, de
creased shipments from Australia and addi
tional rain in sections of the Southwest where
. harvesting Is In progress. Initial quotations on
; September were up >4c to %c at 80»ic to Sic-
Trading was light during the early part of
• the nession. more from a scarcity of offer-
I inj;3 than from any lack of dfmand. Shorts
and commission-houses were the principal bid
ders. The sellins: was largely by scalpers.
¦ As the. Fesslon advanced a considerable amount
of bearish news was received, but it had little
effect, the market retaining its opening firm
ness. On the other hand, tradeis took par
ticular note of all bulish items. Continental
advices told of treat damage to wheat in
¦ Caucasia. An estimate on tlie world's ship
ments for the week placed the amount at about
eight million bushels, a low figure compared
I with r<?c<?nt shipments. Apparently the more
influential fHCtor of late trading- was a report
; of a Minneaiiolis croc expert. In referring to
i harvesting operations in the Southwest, this
i authority eelii the milling demand was so ur
' gent that there was little likelihood of anj"
new wheat reaching Chicago during July. The
effect «>f this report was to give added Im
i petus to buying. During the last hour S*p
j tember advancfd to Sl*;c on the purchase of
several million bushels by Nufthwestern
houses. There was some reaction from the
top. but tl>e market clos?d strong, with Sep
tember «t 81*4c July ranged between 85%o
ami S6Hc and clqsed with a gain of fie at
£5Tic.
Heavy Felling of the July option by elevator
interests caused weakness In corn. The
Host was almost at the lowest point of the
day, July l<elnsr down %c at 47?ic, after sell
ins between 47%c ¦ and 4S%c. September
opfiie.i tio to \' t c bteher at 4M%c to 48%@
4S-^c. sold between 4S(£c and 4S»^s and closed
at 4RVi l &4S%c.
The fluctuations In wheat and corn had little
Influence < n tlie oats market, prices holding
*t<arly within a very small range.
After *<elllnff between 4S%<34S%c. July
closed with a loss of Vh@Uc at H8KC Septem
ber opened unchanged to %c@Vic higher at
31-T^c to 31 T ,«®32c. sold within the opening
range and closed at the low point.
Provisions were firm rarly an smaller re
oeijite nf hogs anil higher prices at the yards.
Packers were fair purchasers early. in the day.
• I^ater in tlie session the market eased oft on
; profit-taking. Prospects of more liberal re
! ceipts of hogs on Monday were a late bear
| Influence. At th? clpa-s September pork was
down 12Vic at $13 27%; lard was off 2',i(SSc at
! $7 22 1 /i@7 2.": riba were down 5c at $7 77%.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2—.
July, new 85»i 86% 85% 85 T »
July old 8794 R ~'« 87- S7V»
September, old. H2\, S."H 4 82»i S2H
September, new. 61 Sl% 80*j 81%
Corn, No. 2 —
July 4S«i 48«i 47»i 47%
Set tember 4S»; 48% 4Sii 4S?s
Oats, No. 2 —
July 3S% 3«% .-!8% 3S%
September 32 32 31*4 31 s ;
j December 32?, 32^ ; 32% 32%
, Mess pork,, per bbl —
July 13 10 13 15 12 974 12 974
1 September 13 42V4 13 42<i 13 25 13 25
1 I^ard, per 100 lbE — ,
I July 7 12'£ 7 12Vi " 0T> 7 0.%
! September 7 30 7 30 7 22 '/4 7 25
Short ribs, per 100 lbs—
July 7 <:2Vi " 65 7 52Vi 7 55
September 7 82^i .7 86 7 75 7 77 \i
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. June 25. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, dull v but steady: winter
patents. $1 55@4 65: straights,. $4 SCSH 40;
! ki ring patents. $4 .'»0@4 70; straights, $T 90®
1 4 20; bakers. $2 50fl3 20; No. 2 spring wheat.
¦ B3G8?c; No. 3. S5@fl5c; No. 2 red. 9Sig»9c: No.
I 2 corn. 4S<4c; No. 2 yellow. 4S%ef4»c; No. 2
onts, 40%«i41c; No. 3 white. 40<g43«4c; No. 2
' rj>. C5c; good feeding barley. Z'lfi&oc; fair to
choice malting, 42'g-52c: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 01;
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 07; prime - timothy
: sce.1, $2 92>.»; me** pork, per bbl. $12 95-313;
lard per 100 lbs. $7@7 02Vi; short ribs sides
(loose), $7 37^<fr7 62V4; short clear sides
(bcxed). $7 25f?7 50; whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 28; clover, contract grade, $10 75.
; Articles — . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls ,.' 20,800 15,900
Wheat, bu 19.S00 35,500
Com, bu 377,300 40!>,100
OnU, bu 150.600 132,500
Rye. bu
Barley, bu 21.000 2,700
Butler, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, June 25. — On the. Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady;
creameries. 13>^«JlSc; dairies, ll>^!310c. Esgs
firm, at mark. cases included, 14@14%c.
Cheese steady, 7%(S8c.
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
Chicago.
CHICAGO. June 25.— CATTLE — Receipts,
J2,fKK); market nominal: good to prime steers,
f?5 KMT" 50; i>oor to medium. $4 50^5 50; stoek
ers- and feeder*. $2 50(^4 50; cows. $1 50$j)
4 25; heifer*. $2®4 75; canners', $1 5O#2 60;
bulls, $2® 4 25; calves, $2 50® 6; Texas fed
steers. $3 25«?3 C5.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 7000; Monday, I
35,000: market steady: mixed and butchers',
$5 2CKS5 40; good to choice heavy, $5 3503 45;
rough heavy. $.1 1.W5 80; light, $5 20@5 35;
bulk of sales, $5 25@5 35. '
SHEEP — Receipts. 1000: market steady: good
to choice wethers, $4 60(fi5; fair to choice
mixed $3 75@4 50; Western sheep, $3 50®4 75;
native' lambs, $4@7; Western lambs, $4@3.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. June 25.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 400: market unchanged.
HOGS— Receipts. 2000; market 5c higher:
bulk of sales. $5 10<&5 25; heavy. $5 20«g5 35; ;
packers'. $5 1005 30; pigs. $4 50©5 15.
SHEEP — Receipts, 2000; nominally steady;
"muttons, $4 50iT3 30; lambs, $5<f|K 80; . range
wethers, $l@4 80; ewes. $3 60@4 80.
Omaha.
OMAHA, . Nebr.. June 25. — CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 200: unchanged.
HOGS— Receipts, 2000; stronger; heavy, !
$3 17Vi*''» 25; mixed. $5 10<K 5 15; light, $3'* :
5 15: pigs. $4 OtK-gS; bulk of sales, $5 10@5 15. !
SHEEP — Receipts, none; market steady. '
Future Grain and Provisions.
Chicago Board of Trade.
Trade In fresh fruits was quite active, aa
local dealers were purchasing for two days'
requirements, and a fair inquiry was noted for
good, sound stock for shipment on the Portland
steamer leaving to-day. Despite the, Increased
trading, the market had an easy tone, as sup
plies of most descriptions were still In excess
of the demand, and as usual there was a
heavy surplus unsold at the close. Apricots,
Peaches and Apples were lower and large, buy
ers experienced no difficulty in obtaining sup
plies, at concessions. The canners were etill
in the market for Apricots and paid from $20
to $."15 per ton as to size, color and quality.
Cantaloupes were quoted lower, aa the re- j
cetpts came to hand rather soft and had to be>
sold quickly. Dullness continued to character- I
ize the market for Berries and large lines of
all varieties could be hadtn the afternoon at
or near the minimum quotations. The canners
bought surplus stocks of Mallnda Strawberries
at $2 per chest and paid 2c per pound for IjO
ganberries. Citrus and Tropical fruits wera .
without quotable change j
STRAWKEiimES— *-' 50<85 per chest for i
Longworths and $2@3 00 for the larger varie
ties.
LOGANBERRIES?— 51 50S2 50 per chest for
red and $2(83 for black
BLACKBERRIES— 5-t<§5 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $J®« per chsst.
OOOSKBEHRIES— English. SglOc per lb.
CURRANTS — $3@* per chest.
CHERRIES— In s-mall paokagss. S5cW51: in
bulk. 6©8%o per lb for Black and 6<§9c for
Royal Anne. .¦¦,'- .«¦ ;-
APRICOTS — Small boxes and crates. 35®
70c: baskets. 3o*jJ40e; In bulk. 14J2UC per lb.
APPLE? — Old. $1 5O4J2 25 per box; new
Green. 25ifi50r: for small boxes and baskets and
60o(5$l 25 for large boxes.
PEARS — 50c<g?l per box. as to size of box.
PEACHES — IO(§65c per box or basket; largw
open boxes, $1@1 25.
PLUMS — Clyman. fcOgTSe per box or crate:
Cherry Plums. 25©50c .per box; Slmonl Plums,
!)0c per crate; Tragedy Prunes; $1 per crate
and 50c per box.
FIGS — 50<ae0c for single-layer and $l@l 23
for double- layer boxes.
MELON^— Cantaloupes. $25£2 50 per crate;
Watermelons. lftXc par lb.
GRAPES — Seedless, $1®1 25 per crat».
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel OTanges. $1®3 per
box. as to size and quality; Valenclas, $1 S0Q
2 50- Mediterranean Sweets. $1 73; Tangerines,
$1 75®2: Lemons. $2 60*9 2 75 for fancy. $1 50^
1 75 for choice and $1^1 25 for standard;
Grape Fruit $1 50(92 for seedless and $1@1 50
for ordinary: Mexican Limes. $4{J5 ptr case;
Bananas $2£?3 per bunch for Central American
and $1@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $2@3 per
dozen.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,H oney.
The New York market is showing more tone,
as will be seen In the first column. The local
situation is unchanged.
FRUITS — New crop futures — Apricots. 7©8c;
Peaches, 5%(5Cc per lb. Old crop — ISvaporatsd
Applet. 4J-;iS6*4c; sun-dried. 3®4%c. J
PRUNES— 11)03 crop. 2©2%c for the four
sizes. , N
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices Fresno for 1903 1
crop (subject to change without notice) are as
follows: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatels. 4-crown. i
4c per lb: 3-crown, 4%c; 2-crown, 4c; Malaga. {
loose, 3-crown, 4e; 2-crown, 3%c: Thompson's i
seedless. 4c; seedless Sultanas, 3%c; seedless j
Muscatels. 3V«c; do floated. 3%c; Seeded Rats- >
ins. 16-oz cartons, fancy. 5%c; choice, 5'ic:
12-bz. cartons, fancy. 4%c: choice, 4*jc; In
bulk, fancy. 5%c; choice, 5c; Imperial clus
ters. $3; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy, $2; London
Layer* 3-crown, $1 35; 2-crown. $1 23.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13ii<514e:
No. 2. ll%@12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13@l3%c;
No. 2, ll@ll%c; Almonds. ll%c for Nonpa- I
riels. 11 %c for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra!
and O'ic for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6<37c for ;
Eastern; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts. J4 50<35. '
HONEY— Comb. U%<512%c for white and
llXjllc for amber; water white extracted. 59 ,
6c; light amber extracted, 4%@Sc; dark.
3%*?4c.
BEESWAX— 27@29c per lb. ; " . .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Wall-street Stocks close steady at about previous prices.
Business on the local Stock Exchanges still light.
Silver slightly higher. Exchange ratts unchanged.
Bank Clearings sJiow a material gain over last year.
Wheat market rather firmer in all positions.
Barley weakens under large arrivals.
Oats and Corn unchanged. Diminished yield of Rye reported.
Hay weak under liberal receipts of the new crop.
Bran and Middlings steadily held and unciuuiged.
Not much cliange m Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Poultry dull, with a considerable carry-over.
Fresh Fruit market liberally supplied and easy.
Butter, Cheese end Eggs still in large supply.
Dried Fruit quoted rather firmer in Nczu York.
Hams, Bacon and Lard advanced all aroiind.
Hogs lower, with arrivals in excess of market needs.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
The only change was a slight advance In
SiKer.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $4 86
Sttrling Exchange, sight — 4 88
Sterling Exchange, cables — ' 1 S3
New York Exchange, sight...... — 10
N-iw York Exchange, telegraphic. — 12 Vi
Silver^ per ounce ....' ¦ — 5fl',a
Mexican Dollars 46% @ 47
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico 214
Brrlin on, I^ondon ; 20.40>4
Paris on London ..* ....25.19
Wheat and Other Grains.
_____ V
WHEAT — The ' foreign markets were firm,
with higher futures. Private cables reported
serious damage to the ¦ Russian crop.
Chicago was lc higher on the stronger cables
and reports of damage 4n large areas tn Kansas
by wind, bail and rain. The private wires of
Mitchell. Mulcahy & Co. from Chicago said:
'"It was a much more active market and rather
indicates a broadening of speculative Interest.
Cables were sharply higher. Broomhall said
the advance in Liverpool was the result of
large houses buying freely and to a decreas* in
Indian offerings. There were further general
rains throughout the West and Southwest.
Along with the prediction of better weather
there was also the rrediction of light frost in
the Dakotas. All these made a covering- of
shorts and better investment buying. South
west .reports no acceptances of Wheat from
the Interior. A message from Jones from Kan
sas reported damage by rain and hall. There
was a sale of 10,000 bushels No. 1 Northern
to so to mills at U6c. Reports were that cash
Wheat in Baltimore was sharply off. So far
as our markets are concerned. It Is largely a
question of weather. Evld-ently the deprecia
tion In European crops is affecting the specu
lative feeling In European markets. The move
ment of Wheat will in any event be delayed
by the rains, and we are Inclined to think
Wheat may be bought on the reactions for the
time being. We doubt, however, if any great
damage has been done so far. Nebraska re
ports pome complaints of rust."
There was no change in the local situation
boyoni an advance in the December option.
The cash grain was quiet.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 27U@1 32*4: California
White Australian, $1 52V401 57H: Northern
Club. $1 30-ffl 33; • Northern Bluestem. $1 60
01 C5 per ctl. -¦',¦,. ,.lA\aOjA
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 21% $1 'MX $1 27»i $128*4
BARLEY— Of the heavy receipts of 19,505
ctl* yesterday 10,454 had been sold to a local
mill prior to arrival, and consequently did not
come on the market. The arrival of such a
large quantity, however, depressed .futures and
the market closed weak. Ths cash grain was
also lower and trade was quiet. The demand"
for oM brewing has fallen off again and this
description is once more inactive.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed $1 Ol'/i'gl 02% for old and $1 for new;
old Brewing, $1 05@l 10; Chevalkr, $t 02fc>'§'
1 10 for fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Cl««>.
December ... WV4 IMVi 0:j?i 93*
OATS — Previous Drices rule and the market
is quiet but steadily held, with moderate of-
O!d "crop— White, $1 4C«5l 45; Black. $1 20®
1 25; Red. $1 20@l 30. New crop— Red, $1 20
al 221-i; Gray. $1 35®1 40 per ctl.
CORX — There were no receipts from the
Went yesterday and the market was without
change.
Western sacked. $1 45@1 47^J for Yellow,
$1 4.Vgl 47% for White and $1 45 for Mixed-
California large Yellow. ?1 45fil 50; small
round do. $1 50igl HO; White, $1 45@1 60 per
ctl; Egyptian. $1 ."»0@l 35 for White and
51 25© 1 30 for Brown.
RYE— ?1 30<gl 32% per ctl. Reports from
Turlock report the crop outlook poor and from
other partfc in the San Joaquln Valley come
reports pf a diminished yield. A w-ell-post«d
local handler Bays that the outlook now is for
a smaller crop than last year owing probably
" to the hot. drying winds of several weeks ago.
Th«- market continues quiet.'
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at $1 75®2 per ctl.
Flour, and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $1 60®
4 90, usual t?rms; Bakers' Extras, $4 60@4 80;
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $3 S5@4 -5
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are aa
follows: Graham Flour. $3 50 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 50: Rye Meal, $3 25; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal. $3 50: extra cream do. $4 25;
Oat Groats $4 .'¦<»: Hominy, $4<&4 25; Buck
wheat Flour. $4 50® 1 75: Cracked Wheat, $4;
Farina. $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour, $3 75;
Rolled Oats. bbls. $7 25QS HO; tn sacks. $6 75<f}
8 10; Pearl Barley.. $8; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Peas. $5 SO per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The Hay market yesterday was slow and
w«?ak. with a tendency toward still lower
I prices, especially for new, though no actual
decline was reported.
Feedstuff s are farily steady at the old quo
tations. : . :
BRAN— J22f?23 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24029 per ton.
i SHORTS— »22@23 per ton.
I FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $22 50*523 \
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $30 M>f 31 60;
jobbing;. $."?2: Cocoanut Cake. $22<@23; Corn ;
Meal, $32^33 : Cracked Corn. J32 50@33 50: ;
Mixed Feed. J22&23; Horse Beans, $3O@4O per I
ton; Broom Corn Feed, 90c per ctl. [
HAY— Old crop— Wheat. $10@14 50; Wheat
and Oat. $11«12 30: Oat. $3®12; Wild Oat. $7® !
10: Barley and Oat, $7@11; Stock. $7@8: Al
falfa. $7©10 per ton. New crop — Volunteer
Wild Oat. $7©S 50 per ton; Wheat. $9@11 5o;
¦Wheat and Oat. *0<311; Oat. $S(tfl0; Clover, *3;
AlTnlta, *7 per ton. .-•...- :."-»»• -
STRAW— MKgSOc per bale.
Bcairs and Seeds.
¦ There Is no improvement In the Bean market,
which is quV»t and without especial feature.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 40©2 65: Pea. S2 90©3;
Butters, $3; small White. $2 SMM 10; large
White. $2 3.-i®2 60; Pink. $3 40®3 60; Red. i
$* 2S«4 50; Lima. $3 3003 40; Red Kidneys,
$4 75©5; Blackeye. $2 05@2 13 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $2#2 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 25fM 50; Yellow
Mustard. $2 50®3; Flax $1 75*82; Canary.
5»4<ff5%c for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14%ifflGc: Rape,
2«j2%e; Timothy. 6{*t>%c; Hemp, 3%@4c per
lb; Millet. 3&3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20@21
per ton. -
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $3 per ctl; Nlles,
$3 25; Green Peas, J3@3 25.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The demand for new Potatoes was less
urgent, as the local trade was well supplied
and there was very little doing In the shipping
line, but, as receipts were light, prices were
well maintained. New Yellow Onions were j
firm under decreased receipts and prices ranged !
higher. New Red were plentiful and un
changed.
Miscellaneous vegetables were active under
the usual extra demand for Sunday. . Toma
toes continued scarce and prices had a further
advance. The first large box of river Toma- ;
toes for' the season came In from Clarksburg j
and sold for $¦'!. Fresh Rhubarb and the best
Asparagus were a little higher. *Green Pep
pers were lower under Increased receipts.
POTATOES — New White, $1 50&2 per ctl;
Early Rose, $1 5001 65 p«r ctl: Garnet Chiles.
$1 50@l (30 per ctl; old Oregon Burbanks. $10
1 35 per ctl. old river Burbanks, t»0c6 1 $l per ctl.
ONIONS — Australian Y«llow, nominal: new
Red, 704280c per sack; new Sllverskins, $1 400
1 60 per ctl.
¦VEGETABLES — Green Corn. $1 6O@2 50 per
sack or crate; Asparagus. 4%@Sc per lb: Rhu
barb 50@75c per box: Green Peas. $2@2 25 per ;
sack'; Garden Peas, 4®4V4c per lb; String and j
Wax Beatis, 3ig5c per lb; Tomatoes from Los
Angeles, $1 50@l 75 per box or crate: Summer
Squash, 65ffjS5c for small and $1 75<§2 for large
boxes; Cabbage. $1 i>er ctl; Carrots, $1 per
sack- Cucumbers. f»0Q-75c per box for Marys
vllle and $1 25©1 50 for bay: Garlic. 4©5c per
lb: Egg Plant. 8@H'e per lb; Dried Peppers, 8©
10c for sun-dried and 12',J(gl3c per lb for evap
orated: Dried Okra. 12H**15c per lb: Green
Peppers. 10®12!4c per lb for Chile and 15c for
Bell; Marrowfat Squash, jobbing at lij©2o
per lb.
v
Poultry and Game.
¦ — — — /
Poultry closed the week dull, with the mar-'
ket liberally supplied with undesirable offer*
ings particularly Hens ¦ and small Broilers,
and quite a quantity had to be carried over. •
Young Roosters and large Fryers were very i
scarce and were the only descriptions to show
any firmness. :
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14@15c per lb; \
Geese per pair. $1 25@1 60; Goslings, $1 50@2; i
Ducks . $4©4 50 per- dozen for old " and \
$4 50@5 for young; Hens. $366 for
large and $4@4 60 for small ; young Roosters,
$7 5001); old Roosters, $435; Fryers, $5 00®
6 BO: Broilers. $3#3 50 for large and $2®2 50
for small ; Pigeons, $1 50 per dozen tor old and
$1 50«?l 75 for Squabs. .
GAME— Hare, $1 25 per dozen; Rabbits.
$1 75i82 for Cottontails and $1 per dozen for
brush. '¦
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The week closed with all three markets under I
this . head dull and not materially . changed.
Some houses reported more tons to Buner, and
the feeling throughout the street generally was
that the market was showing signs ; of. more •
steadiness. The inslrt* quotations for the me- j
dium grades are slightly better. Still, stocks]
«nd receipts continue larce and storing has to
CHEESE— 8>4(g9c for choice mild new and
7©7%c for lower frradt>s; Young Americas, wjfr
9 Vic: Eastern. 12!4fel4c; Western, ll@12c
per lb.
EGGS"*— Ranch. 20®C2% for fair to choice;
store. ltif.M'.ie: Eastern. 19@20c for firsts and
lo^'tflSc for seconds.
Cheese remains as before quoted. Supplies
of choice mild new are not large and this de
scription is firm, while offerings of medium and
lower grades continue heavy.
The weakness in Eggs continues, and. whiln
there is no actual decline posted, buyers And
no difficulty In shading the quotations. .Most
of the ranch Exgs are going at 2i>'cT--c. but a
sale of fair quality at 19c was reported yester
day. Stocks continue large and there are
plenty comlns in.
¦ -Receipts wire 30,200 lbs Butter, 1207 cases
Eges nnd MOO lbs Che-s*.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 19c for
extras and 19«818)4 C for firsts; dairy, lfi©
lTV'C; store Butter. 13® 15c; cold storage, nom
inal. ¦>. * "
be resorted to in order that an accumulation
may be avoided.
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 26, 1904.
"WASHINGTON. June 25.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $164,068,093; gold, $63.
480,-460.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. June 25. — COTTON— Futures
opened steady. July, 10.40c: August. 10.30c;
September. 9.64c; October. 0.50c; November,
0.48c; December, 9.52c; January, 9.53c.
Futures closed quiet. June, 10.37c; July,
10.45c; August. 10.85c; September. 9.70c; Octo
ber, 9.58c; November, 9.61c; December. 9.54c;
January, 9.66c. '
Spot closed quiet. Middling uplands, 11.05c;
middling gulf, 11.30a. Sales. 1100 bales.
New York Cotton Market.
LOCAL MAEKETS.
generally well »ustain«d. Copper, lake, $12 67 %
&12 75; electrolytic. $12 60® 12 62 \f, casting,
$12 12W.#12 25.
Tin— Spot. *25 50@25 75.
Spelter rules firm, with offerings light. * Spot,
$4 75©-4 87%.
Lead. $4 20@4 30.
Iron, nominally unchansed; pig Iron war
rants weak at $9.
STOCK MARKET.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
41
APVEBTISTTlVTENTa.
. pare Business Opportunity
I,ons established WHOIiESAlE SHIP-
PING and COMMISSION BUSXZTESS to
be sold. Has important connections.
Splendid chance for two capable busi-
ness men. Terms reasonable.
Principals only kindly address
.HENRY ESKRIDGBX
39 Nevada Block,
AUCTION SALES
Auction Sale
Of 40 WT<«P HIGH-C:T*ASS STASTDABD
BBSS COLTS A2TC> TU.T.TR3.
Sired by ¦Welcome, 2:10H; TVn. HaioM.
2:13H: Hambletonlan Wllkes. 1879. asd Mon-
terey, 2:09*i.
FBOK THE MXEX ESTATE.
Haywards. Cal., and Other Owners.
At same time will sell carload of CEXTLT3
"WORK HORSES, from 1200 to 1300, ready t»
go to work. fBflj
TO BE SOLD
TUESDAY EVENI2TCJ. June 28. 1904.
At 7:43 p. m.. at Salesyard. 1732 MARKET st..
Corner Van Nesa ave.
Horses at yard Saturday, June 23, 1904. ¦
Send for catalogue. *
KKED H. CHASE & CO..
Successors to Kelly & Co..
_ Uve Stock Auctioneers. /
£3, fc» £ft
By order of the proprietor of the Plerce-str««t
Stable.
1.127 PIERCE ST.. v'
On THURSDAY. June SO, 11 Sl.* m..
I will sell at public auction
THE ENTIRE CONTENTS OF THE STABLE.
Consisting of
67 HOP.SES— MATCH BLACKS— fine SADDLE!
HORSES. 3 FAST PACERS, So h?ad ot thn
best business horses that have ever tx»»n of-
fered at auction; also a most choice line «>?
rubber tire business buggies. 1! express, 4 gn>-
cery 4 peddling. 1 hutchcr and 2 camp wagons,
" traps. 4 surreys. 2 3-seatera, 1 hearsw. 5 rnn-
abouts. 3 cart*. 1 rubber tire club wagon. I
stanhopes. 3 phaetons, whips, robes. ."•> sets
harness, office fixtures, etc. ThU sale i3 posi-
tively without limit or reserve, as the lea^a
has been sold to the California Bakery Com-
pany and must vacate June :;o. The stock is
row working and can be a«n at any time in
morning or evening, so any one needing a good.
honest work or firlvin; horse will do well to
wait for this closing ont sale.
WILLIAM CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
£s> fe £*
To be sold at auction. 20 all-purposed
horses. 4f> sets fcarnesfl, also a large stock of
wagons, carts, bugs'" »nd surreys, Tuesday,
June 28. 11 a. m.. at 1140 Folsom st. WM.
CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
WILSON,
The Auctioneer
GRAND AUCTION SALE.
I am instructed to sell without reserv* or limit
ENTIRE CONTENTS HOUSE
At Public Auction
MONDAY. Juno 27. 1304, 11 o'clock a. m.
80 CENTRAL AVE.. near Halsht St.
Artistic Household Effects and Durable Fur-
niture at your own price.
WILSON: THAT'S ALL. --—
fe fe -fe>
AUCTION
» MONDAY, June 27. lOfU. at It o'clock, at
2100 MISSION St.. near Seventeenth. I will sell
to satisfy creditors of A. H. Carr & Co. of Ho-
lemas. 1 surrey. 1 light cart. 2 business bus-
gies, 1 coal wagon. S light wagons. 4 sets sin-
gle harnesa. W good work and driving horses.
1 very fast road hcrse (pacer), and 1 saddle
hora*. Stock at stables Sunday night. Sale
positive.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE .26, 1904;
42
,RP,AI. [ESTATE — CITV — KOIt S.VLK.
I SHAINWALD. BCCKBEK & CO.,
-'18 and T20 Montgomery St..
Mills building.
$10.000— Filbert st..' near Hyde: fine marine
view; residence of 10 rooms and bath,
lot 48x137:8 tt.
f45,00O— Powell-st. corner, near Bush: three
frontages; lot 47:6x60 feet; a rare in-
vestment; Improvements, rooming-house
nt 15 rooms.
$:8.000— Bush-st. flats, northwest corner of
Pierce; 3 new flats on corner and resi-
, dence on Plerc* St.; 7 and 8 rooms in
fiats; 8 rooms and bath in residence;
rents about $200 per month; lot
always rented.
$7,000— Broadway, nr. Devlsadero; fine eite for
residence; lot 38:0 feet front; grand ma-
-'J ".v j > rine view; a bargain.
J22.500— Fifth st.. near Folsom: new three-
story and basement building containing
store and lodging-house of 48 rooms
above; 2 tenants; rent $175 per month;
guaranteed leases; lot 25x100 feet; pay*
over 0 per cent; extraordinary Invest-
ment.
$7.500— Broadway, near FUlmore; flne lot. 30x
137:6 feet; unobstructed marine view;
price reduced trom $8500.
$0,750 — McAllister St.; three new flats of <>
rooms and bath each; lot 23x100 feet;
beautifully 'Unlahed throughout; this Is
a snap; pays 11 per cent.
$6,000— DevlEadero. near Halght: residence. 8
rooms and bath; lot £5x126.
"""-^ -~ j
$7.500— Howard St.. near Eighth; 3 flats rent- ]
Ing for $64 60 per month; lot 25xS5 feet.
i $7,500 — Union-st. corner, near Devisadero;
elegant marine view; lot 52:6x110 feet;
must be nold.
$11,000/ — Jackzon-st. residence of 11 rooms »nd
bath; modern in every way; lot 25x
127:S*i feet.
13.250 each — Filbert, near Scott; magnificent
marine view; lots 27:tixl37:6 each and
corner 65x137:6 feet; 1-5 cash, balance
on easy terms.
$17,000 — 2d-st. corner, nr. Harrison, 70x05 ft.:
fine site for factory or warehouse pur-
poses.
! = *
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for tale.
6HAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO..
218 and 220 Montgomery st.. Mills bid.
LYON & HOAG
116 MOJtTGOMERY ST.
Send for our printed list of property for sale
in all sections of the city.
BIG INTEREST— FINE BUSINESS CORNER.
$21,50o — Rents nearly $200; half block from
Market st.; substantial improvements, consist-
ing of stores and flats; always rented; this Is
unquestionably a bargain and one that will be
taken at once; it will pay you to be quick.
BARGAIN— WESTERN ADDITION.
$5500 — Rents $570; 2 flne flats. 6 and 7 rooms
and bath; on ounny side of Grove st., not far
frcm Van Ness ave.: lot 27:6 frontage.
FINE MISSION FLATS.
' $6S00— Rents $600; 3 good, substantial flats.
4-4-6 rooms and bath; large lot; over 30 feet
frontage, assuring abundance of sun and light;
near Thirteenth and Howard sts.
MUST BE SOLD AT ONCE.
$10,000 — Rent over $1000; brand new build-
ing; 3 han<lsome flats, 6 rooms and bath each;
finished In latent style, with every modern,
convenience; north of and close to Market st. ;
Urge lot; accepted gtreet; splendid sun and
light; price reduced to make quick sale; owner
must have money; best investment en our
books.
HOME MISSION WARM BELT.
$3250 — 2-story residence, 7 rooms and bath;
brick foundation; large garden; sheltered from
winds and fog; handy to Eighteenth and Cas-
tro-st. cars.
SOUTH MARKET INVESTMENT.
$3$5O — Rents $438; near Seventh and Howard
sts. ; 2-story house, 6 rooms and bath, and 2
tenements, 2 and 3 rooms. In rear.
BARGAIN COTTAGE.
$550 — $200 cash, $15 monthly; cozy little cot- i
tage of 3 rooms; lot 25x100; sewer in street,
etc. •
BARGAIN— MISSION BUSINESS PROPERTY. 1
$12,500— Rents $1284; old improvements, re-
cently remodeled and put in first -class, shape;
lot over 56 feet frontage; near Twenty-second
St.; this is the biggest bargain on Mission Et.. j
where property Is bound to Increase in value; !
be quick!
LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COM-
PANY. 410 MONTGOMERY ST.
MOVED FKOM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN
HAY WARD BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
OUR POLICY OF TITLE INSURANCE IS
1 A BOND, under seal, promlMnc, on behalf of
I this corporation, to pay any loss which may
arise by reason of a defective title.
THE CALIFORNIA TITLE AND TRUST |
COMPANY'S WELL-KNOWN facilities for j
: obtaining accurate information about real es- j
tate give it *:>ecial qualifications as a trust !
1 company acting in any trust capacity where
' real estate forms part of the trust.
• THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY havlnv a complete lo-
cality plant or copy of the real estate records,
constructed especially for Insuring real fstate
titles like modern plants of New York. Boston,
Chicago and Eastern cities: reasonable rates,
regular trust company '.business transacted
I u.i<1er Slate charter; all matters controlled and
managed by the following
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD.
President Bank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP,
Vice Pres. Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE.
Of Balfour. Guthrle & Co.
! HENRY L. DAVIS.
i . • *~ President California Optical Co.
P. N. LILIENTHAL.
Manager Anglo-Callfornlan Bank.
WARREN OLNEY.
Olney & Olney. Atty's and Counselors.
CHARLES PAGE.
Paite, McCutchen & Knight, Atty's.
A. T. SPOTTS.
Mgr. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING.
Capitalist. 530 California st.
H E. POEHLMAN. REALTY "AND INSUR-
ANCE.
! 301 MONTGOMERY ST. ,\ - .
i $6975— BARGAIN; Western Addition resi-
dence 0 rooms, bath, etc.; In flne order.
$S000— LOT, very near new City Hall, 27:6x
120 1 2 frontages: will pay to improve.
$2075 — GRANDEST marine, view in town: |
sunny; lot 44x122; grand homes In adjoining
block; half price. ¦ ,
J625— PART cash; Richmond; 50x120. , >
. $7(0 — 30 LOTS, near county line and cars.
LET ua show you the flats and cottages we are
now building, and we will arrange with you
to build In any part of the city. We advance
the money for the building and you pay tt
back in easy monthly payments, same as
rent. This Is the way to get a "HOME" of
your own. without wasting a lot of money for
rent. . Don't miss tlie opportunity: we will :
Klve you a square deal. WEIPSBEN BROS.
& CO.. Home Providers, 61G Sacramento st.
FOR' sale, cheap— Neat cottage. 4 rooms and
bath, large basement: terms same as rent. :
Apply owner, lumber yard, corner Army and
Condqn sts. .
'.$2000 — New modern cottage; 4 rooms; bath;
easy, terms same as. rent. ."."Hi; Mission st.
-CHOICE Union-street lot cheap; going away;
must sell. 3153 Stelner st.
FOR SALE— ELEGANT FLATS; up to date:
terms to suit purchasers; large lots on Fred-
erick, west of Willard. Sam Glass, builder,
; on premises. " A
ALL work guaranteed first . class by AHL-
BACH fe MAYER, plumbers. P38 Howard st.
- ELMI lUltSTTilEAL. ESTATE.
$«00— SMALL cottage, with 2 lots; 40x132.
$600 — 4-room cottage: lot 75x125; nice grounds.
. These are cash bargains.
$1000 — 3-rootn modem cottage.
$1100 — "-room modern cottage.
$1200— 4-room • mod«rn cottage.
$1CCO — 7-room house; all modern Improvements;
¦ ¦ cash or terms. ¦
ELMHURST REALTY CO..
* /ELMHURST. CAL.
"MOSS TRACT LOTS.
Six \ery nice lots; must be sold -at once;
lots 40x125; onjy one block' from electric car
lines; many fine home* all about. Addresa
Owner, box 1203, S. F. Call 1 branch offlce.
Oakland. Cal.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
' United States or Canada one year for $1,
¦ postage paid.
THB^miL
JOIIX I>. SPRECKKLS. . • : p rcprlctor
.Address Ccmmur:lcat!on» to
JOH^J^cXXVaiTTj^^^. , . . . .MnnngCT
W. 3. MARTIX Business Manager
TEX DOLLARS KKWAKU.
Notify The Call Office If You Mis'*
Your Pa^cr.
If fcr any eanaa TBS CAM. la not fta-
:irereA rejmlarly to «uT»acr«»«rt *!••*•
call up "CAX.L XXCSAJTOE" aad aotuy
Subscription Clerk la charre. Tour com-
Ulalat will recelT* prompt atteatloa.
? ataadlag- rward of Tea Dollar.
(£10.00) la offerad for taa axrert aao
coarlctloa of aay oaa eaujrat aUaliar
XBE Cal. I..
TELEPHONE.
Afk for THE CALL. The Operator WU1 Con-
nect You With the Department You wua.
Publication Office Market and Third. «. F. ;
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
L-cIivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per JW"?*. 7S
Ct*. Per Month. Single Copies 6 O*
Terms by Mall Including Poetax* <Ca*a witn
Order): „ M
DAILY CALL <includ. Sunday). 1 year... $5.00
DAILY CALL Ondud. Sunday). 0 mos... 4.00
DAILY CALL— By Single Month •»<; i
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2 ?"
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year - %-?" |
P-omrTrv- I Dally... $3.80 Per Year Extra
?OS?Jg>- 1 Sunday. 4.16 Per Year Extra
rOSTAGt.. I v. ••kiy- 1 00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
E*fflple Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall subscribers »n orderinr change o. ad-
irecs should be particular to give both JsEW
AND OLD ADDKESS in order to Insure a
pre-mpt and correct compliance witto their re-
quest
OAKLAND OFFICE:
101« Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
tl4« Center Street Telephone Norta 7*
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT :
EAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS 8TANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. SI
r»lon 6quare: Murray Hill Kjotel; FlrUi-aTe-
eue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House- P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont Hot»«; Auditorium
Hctel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE XROGNESS.-Manjuette Building
<I/*cg Distance Telephone. "Central 2t!19.' - )
KEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
yuSTNESS OFFICE of th« San Francisco
CaJl. corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
*J£S Mark*' street opposite Fifth; open until
¦1 p. m.
¦•£: Montgomery street, comer Clay; open
9:30 o. m-
*«* Vlaye, street; open until 9:S0 p. m.
*33 McAIllrter street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C13 Larkin street: open until 8:30 p. ra.
l'*4l Mission ittreet; open until 10 p. m.
22€1 Market atreet, corner Sixteenth; -epen
wr.tll 0 p. xn.
106 Elevnth ttreet: open until 8 p. m.
Jf^fl Valencia street; open until 9 p. ra.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 d. m.
Ncrthwtit ccrner of" Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
K00 Fi:!nore street; open until 9 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THE SU3IMER.
CALL subscribers contemplating- a
cfcaare of residence during- the summer !
racatsa caa aare their paper forwarded
by mall to their new addreaa by aotlfy- 1
la? THE CALL Bnilaeag OSce. Tali •
paper will also be on tale at all aummer j
resorts aad la represented by a local !
aceat la all toums oa the coaat.
REAL ESTATE CITV FO R g AXE.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 6i$ MARKET ST.
A GREAT BUT.
$7750— A 3-story building, well built, which
tan easliy he remodeled Into flats; they will
r*nt well and pay big; on the key lot from
Pulk et.. near California: lot 25x127:8^4: $2000
rpent on thi* property will eell it for $15,000;
if you want to make a turn let us show you
how to do it ;
MUST BE SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE— '
MAKE OFFER.
S3Q00 — Southeast corner Central ave. and O«k
«.. facing; the Park Panhandle; lot 49:5x110;
let uc rhaw you -how to build on this lot; you
can m»ke 1* per cent on the money Invested.
ELEGANT DOWNTOWN FLATS.
$13,<XX) — Three new. modern flats; up to date
in all the litest details: 8 rooms, bath etc.;
half a block from St. Mary's Cathedral; rents .
over S1HO0; lot 25x137:6; one of the beet buys
on the market.
A GRAND INVESTMENT.
«110,000 — A well known 5-story brick hotel;
13t« rooms: restaurant, barroom, etc.; 2 blocks
north of Market et.. close in; leased for 8
year? at $K2M> not per annum; lease secured;
tenant makf-s all repairs, pays water etc
REDUCED TO FORCE SALE.
115,000— Three modern flats and large resi-
dence 10 rooms and bath, which could easliy
be converted into flats; rents low. $1500- lot
40 feet front to rear street; on Leavenworth
et.. near Pln<-.
MISSION CORNER FLAT8
$3400 — Three new. modern flats on an Eight-
eenth-rt. ccrner; always rented: pays $830.
MISSION BOULEVARD FLATS.
$10,000 — 1 modern flats, 5 rooms and bath; on
Dolor** Ft., near Eighteenth-st. proposed park-
rents $1000: lot 50x125.
A GOOD BUY.
$3100— Two well built fiats on Alabama at..
near Twt»nty-flfth; rents $324; lot 25x100
VERY CHEAP BUSINESS CORNER.
$10,000—88:6x100: southwest corner Dolores
and Seventeenth sts.
PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
$9000 — Three modern fiats; Tents $996; on
Central ave.. near Fell «.; lot 25x125.
RESIDENCE BARQAIN8
$15.500— Lot 30x137:6; modern residence 11
rooms and bath; on the north side of Pactfle
av« ... west of Tan Ness ave.
$11,000— Handsome 3-story residence, 14
rooms, bath, servant's room, billiard-room- ele-
gantly planned; rents $1200; on Frederick St..
near Golden Gate Park; lot 37x106.
tCOOO — Up-to-date, modern residence of 8
rooms and bath; on Clay st.. near Derisadero;
lot -Sxl27:fcU: mortgage of $1000 can remain.
$4500— Modern 2-etory residence. 10 rooms,
bath: beautifully planned and finished; built
in the beet possible manner; on Parnassus
Heights, overlooking Golden Gate Park and
the ocean: well protected from the wind and
foe; lovely, cory home. *
$3000 — Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath,
high basement; eultable for another flat; Pierce
ft., near Union.
tS600— Modern residence. 7 rooms, bath and
etabie; on Fair Oaks St.. near Twenty-second;
the heart of the Mission warm belt; lot 30:6x
117:6.
S20OO — Reeidence cf 7 rooms aad bath; barn
for C horses; on Alabama at., near Twenty-
eixth; lot 25x100; improvements at a small ex-
pense could be converted into flats; tbey reat
at present for $300. ..'.-;; "
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648 Market at.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Our new office, at Oceanslde attracts attention,
But nothing like our new lota.
Everybody wants them: relect oae quick.
$500 to $1200— eaey terms.
On car line and fronting park; unobstructed
view of ocean: all graded, ready to build on.
••Oceanride** Branch Offlce cor. 47th are.
and H st. Open Sundays and holidays.
$75 to $250— Near park and ocean; $3 monthly.
$250 to $1000— Choicest Richmond lots; In-
stallments.
$150 to f 150 — Level Excelsior Homestead lots.
S9S0 to $5000— Modern cottages in Sunset.
Richmond. Oceansid* and Excelsior Home-
tltad; eary terms.
Eonset Branch Offlce on Ninth ave.. near H st.
EOL CL'TZ A SON. Owners and Dealers,
Room 54. Fourth Floor, Chronicle Building.
$1 25 PER week; no Interest; lots In the Ex-
celsior Homeettad Tract: all level: no grad-
ing to do; ready to build your little Borne
cc; clos* to e!«ctr!c cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montrexotry et., room 3.
ALP1NE-PT. lot. eart »!<!». for sale; view of
clU. Eux 1228. Call office.
tfXSAi; K«T*Tr-: — ilTV- KOIt «%LE.
BALDWIN AND STETSON.
Over SO years' experience in San Francisco.
Real Estate Agents. P.ent Collectors.
Full charge taVen of property.
Fire Irsuranee Agency. Telephone Urant 1*7.
317 Montgomery st, near Pine st.
See Chronicle different list.
We advertise only bargains.
Call at our office and get full particulars.
$40,000 — t-story and basement brick building
and lot; downtown business property.
$15,000— Good Inside marine view flat; rented
low at $1236 per annum; 44x137:6.
$15.000— Elegant new modern Nob .Hill flats;
rents $1800; Investment cannot be beat.
111.750— r.ents $13C8: 6 good fiats and lot, 45x
122:C; Shotwell et
$0,000— Rents $S2S: 3 Western Addition flats
and lot. £5x94:6.
We have several cheap homes and lots In
BxoeMor Homestead, ntrar Mission-st. cars,
on easy terms.
BAUMYIN AND STETSON, 817 Montgomery.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
25 Post st.
Tl'mX Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
Rents Collected. Loans Negotiated.
City Ag'ts for Fireman's Fund Insurance Co.
: Publishers of the "Buyer and 8eller." a
¦ monthly paper devoted to the interest of real
> estate owners and those Intending to Invest.
Contains a full list of property for sale. Free
on application.
$25,000 — Rents ?24O; marine view corner, 00 ,
feet; 3 houses; inside location; very
choice; Leavenworth st
! $10,000 — Oeary-st. Investment: only $.1000 cash
required; $7CC0 morttrage can remain;
price greatly reduced for immediate
sale: large lot, 35x137:6, with splendid
3-story building; rents $936 per an-
num.
$8.150— To be sold for absent owwr; 2 very
choice flats fronting on Frederick st.;
lot 25x118:6; r«-nts $600 per annum:
see these flats If you are looking for
an Investment.
$10,000 — Foreclosure sale; splendid residence on
Green Et., with 9 rooms and bath; ma-
rine view; lot 27x127:6.
$18,500— Prominent business corner on Devlss-
dero St.; large lot. 32x100; flret-class 3-
story bulldinsr. store under; 3-year
leaet; rents $132 50 per month.
1 $7.000— Minna st. near 4th; lot 25x70; framed
building; rents $60 per month. j
$12.600— New building of 3 flats of 6 and 7 and ''
7 rooms and bath each; rents $112 50,
per month. t
$3,250— Rent* *3R per month; Welch st. near
4th; lot 25x«0; 4 flats of 4 rooms each;
rents $8tJ rer month. j
$24,000. $24,000.
Elegant chance for speculation and invest-
ment; $5000 rroflt within three years: prop-
erty now r»-ys nearly « r*T cent net; large
corner on 3d st ; particulars at offlce.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
25 Post st '
~ SPECIAL.
$5000 — Rents |42 50: Store and flat; 25x125:
business property; Castro and Market sts.
_^. _ mm _ 1
$3600— Rents $40; 4 flats near Si and TOwnsend; |
double frontage: a bargain.
BALDWIN A HOWELL. !
25 Post st.
SPECK A CO..
209 Montgomery **•
2C9 Montgomery st.
203 Montfromery st.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
SELLING. LEASING.
RENTS COLLECTED. INSURANCE.
$50,000 — Larkln-st business corner; 87:6 front-
age; storts and lodrtng-house; leased
and ravin: 6 ;er cent net.
$46,000— Vicinity Bush and Kearny: atores and
thr«M- floors above; brick buildlr.c; lot
fronts »5 feet; rent* $265.
$35,000— Howard St.. near 3rd; 50x160; 8000 sq.
feet; kt-y lot and two frontages; this
lot on 3rd St. would be worth $100,000.
$25,000 — Northeast corner; new building; rents
$224; lot 36:6x100: Pacific Heiehts dis-
trict
$21,000 — Larkln-ct. business corner: lot 35 ft
frontage; rniu $1800 annually.
' $20,000 — Polk-«t. business property: 2 stores
and lodging-house; lot 30x95; rents $145;
$10.000. bank mortgage can remain.
$15,000— Pine fit., near Scott; lot 42x137:6: 2
two-»tr>ry and ba«ement houses In fine
condition; rentlne under lease for $125 '
; per month; $7000 bank mortgage, 6 per
cent, can remain; nets over 10 per cent
; on Investment.
1 $12.500— Three masniflrent flats; Halght St.;
renU $120; lot 25x137:6.
$10,500 — Valencia nt. a near 19th; 2 stores and
3 flats; rents $77 60.
j $5,600^ — New building; store and flats; close to
: Fourth and Howard; rents $570 per an-
num: $2250 bank mortgage, 6 per cent
tan remain; tenant make* repairs; pays
' 12 per cent net.
j $5,000^ — Mission business corner; 3 stores;
! 'rents $480 yearly: lot 4.1x80.
RESIDENCES.
$15.000 — Callforn!a-*t. residence; 12 rooma and
bath: 1st 35x137:6; choice block.
, $9,000 — Splendid home: 9 rooms and bath;
lot .'10x117:6; $6000 mortgage can remain.
I $1,600— Four-room cottage; lot 27:6x100; MIs-
1 sion w.irm belt.
CHOICE LOTS.
1 $.15.000 — 2 corner* and 3 frontares; NW. cor-
ner Goueh Ft; 137:6x127:8 ft.; unsur-
passed marine and city view; sheltered
from winds* by Lafayette Square: very
select residence site.
$8,000— Broadway: north »lde and beet resi-
dence block: 'Unobstructed view; let 27x
137:6.
$4,000— Market-ft lot; 25x100; adjoining cor-
rer lot Improved with $45,000 building
and leased for ten years.
EPECK & CO..
203 Montgomery st, opp. Mills building.
HOAG & LANEDALE.
10S MONTGOMERY ST.
NEAR-THE PARK.
Three swell, new, modern flats, 1 block from
Golden Gate Park; finely finished throughout;
I 6. 6 and 7 rooms; lower flat leased two years
{ at $.12 50; middle and upper will bring $35 and
$37 50; extra large, sunny lot; a splendid In-
vestment; only $11,000.
ALONG THE PRESIDIO WALL.
The chance everybody has been looking for;
j large building lots fronting on the wall and on
Fifth and Sixth aves. ; tend for plat and prices;
I a rare chance to secure a lot in a flne location
I at a reasonable price.
MISSION FLATS.
On Twenty-second at., near Valencia; 4, 6
and 1 rooms; rented for $62 50; prt.ee $6750.
REDUCED TO $8500.
Two modern flats, on the sunny side of Clay
st.; 6 and 7 rooma, attic, with upper flat; rent-
ed low for $75 per month; lot 25x127:8.
WASHINGTON-ST. FLATS.
On sunny side; fine location; 3 elegant, new
flats, 7 rooms and bath each; marine view;
rents $125 per month; price reduced to $13,500;
cheap.
-*/ ON GOLDEN GATE AVE.
Two flats, 5 and 6 rooms; Just finished; rent-
ed for $55; price $6000.
Send for our list or cheap lots in all parts of
the city. We have for N sale several fine, de-
sirable residences in the Western Addition.
HOAG & LANSDALE.
108 Montgomery et.. S. F.
NELSON. JOHNSON A CO.. ~~~~~ "
203 Montgomery st. opp. Mills bldg.
BARGAINS IN TEAL ESTATE.
Foreclosure. Probate and Forced Sales of All
Kinds will be- Found In Our
UP-TO-DATE BUYERS' GUIDE.
An illustrated monthly catalogue, containing
a carefully selected list of cheapest properties
offered on the market -In every location. Send
us your address and we will mall you one.
NELSON. JOHNSON A CO.. N \
203 Montgomery st, opp. Mills bldg.
$3900 — Union st., near Hyde; 3-story house.
12 rooms and aath. all In fine condition; near
transfer corner; a bargain.
$3500 — Corner on Jones et. 30x62:6; rents $32. i
$9000 — Second ave.. near Clement st: 3 new
flats of 5 rooms and bath each; rents $75.
$14,000—3 new flats of S rooms and bath
each; on McAllister st. near Baker; lot 25x
100; all modern ccnvenienres.
RIANDA t; CO.. C27 Montgomery st.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY,
INSTALLMENT HOMES. 512 Callagrhan bid.,
¦n 111 build on your property or buy you a lot;
$8 a month pays principal and interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your In-
stallments lets than rent; send for circular. 1
$2700 — NEW cottage of 5 rooms, bath and
high basement; modern and complete; 3C5
Pay St.; can arrange terms; owner at 1125
Harrison at
riVE-ROOM ¦ cottage; porcelain plumbing,
modern Improvements, laundry, yard; rent
126; north tide of O'Farrell st; $3600 only.
Inquire 1301 DevUadero st
$S0pn— GOOD - Investments In Mission. New
.t-flat buildings; U rooms and bath; 2 front-
ages; pay I per cent net
HENRY FRIGE. Builder and Owner,
ltxib Car? st.
1 P.KAI. ESTATE — CITY-— FOB SALf^
HOOKEH & LENT ..:.14 Post «t. j
$70,000— Business block east of Ellis and Lar-
kln sts.; stores; Urge bulUIn* aad lot;
rents *4."iu per month.
$30.000— Post st.. near Hyde; 50x137:6; grand
site for hotel.
j $25,000— A fine residence and large lot; 50x128;
. close to. Lafayette Park; in region of
fashionable houses; north side; open on
nil sides; ail advantages ot corner..
$25,000— Post St., adjoining corner ot L * rkl '\;
3 houses; lot 50x87:0; should be altered
tor stores.
$25,000— Fourth-st. business property: extra.
. large lot; flne improvements that cost
about $18,000; rents $162 50.
$21,000— Near Market and East sts.; large lot.
45x116; 2 frontages; old buildings; rents
about $100; grand opportunity to eecure
a manufacturing site at a bargain.
$18,500— Golden Gate ave.. close In: 68:9x137:6;
grand lot to Improve with flats.
$18,500— Post st.. north side: 6 houses and_ lot
02:6x125 to rear street; rents $143; bar-
gain.
$16,000— Eight flats; rents $140; Lombard st.;
lot S0xl37:6. ,
$13,000— Stelner st.; 3 splendid new flats, 6, 7, 8
rooms; rents $107 50. *
$12,600— Taylor-st. corner; store and flats;
rents $92 50.
$12,600— F1Umore-st. stores and flats; north of
California st.; rents $10SO; new building.
$12,500— Flats; Post st., near Gough; rents $105
per month; a bargain.
$10,250 — Two new, marine view corner flats;
very attractive; rents $87 60.
$9,500— Store corner; Fillmore st. ; transfer
point; lot 30x110.
! $9,000— Rents $05; north of Market; 4 new
flats; lot 50- feet front.
$3,600— Northeast corner of Ellis st, 82:6
front; close to FiUmore st.
$7,600— 3 flats; Broderick, near Hayes; rents
$65; lot 25x100.
$7,250 — Two new corner flats in warm bett of
the Mission on car line; 5 and 6 rooms;
up-to-date; grand view; sun all day.
$7,000— Four flats; rents $68; Mission warm
belt; close to Mission st.; lot 35x115.
$5,500 — Mission-st. store property, neari20th
1 »t.; house of 7 rooms, etc.; lot 25x90.
$5,100 — Cost $5700; brand new residence In
MIstlon warm belt; 9 rooms and bath;
. basement: key lot; grand view; sun all I
day; must be sold.
$4,100^ — New two-story and basement resi-
dence; Mission vrarm belt; 7 rooms and
bath: lot 25x105; a barxain.
$3,500 — Two flats; Eleventh st., near Folsom;
rents $28.
$3,250 — Rents $300; Clara st. near Sixth.
$2,650^ — Cottage, 5 rooms and bath and base-
ment; In flne condition; key lot; north
side of street; half a block to car line; ;
Mission.
\ $2,500 — A flne cottage on Eighth ave., near 1
Clement st. ; larre lot. 1
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post «t.
BOARDMAN BROS. & CO.,
Real Estate Agents,
138 Montgomery Et.
CHOICE INVESTMENTS.
$60,000 — Water lot; 2 frontages: close to Mission
st: will be sold soon; make an offer. !
$30.000 — Western Addition business corner; j
transfer point; very flne improvements: j
lar?e lot; pays $2470 a year — over 8 \
per cent. 1
; $18.500— Close down town; sunny side of street; ;
three modern flats: $1930 a year. •
$18,CKX) — Taylor st. ; magnificent northwest cor- |
ner. in choice neighborhood; flne ma- i
rlne view; location suitable for resi- ]
dence, flats or apartment-house. ,'
$16,000 — Fell st. near Fillmore: 3 elegant mod- !
em and sunny flats; $1590 per annum. J
$15,000— North side California et. near Hyde; j
3 flne flats; $1320 per annum.
?14,000— Close to G. G. Park; 4 attractive \
• modern flats; ?188O a year; 40 ft. lot. !
1 $12,000 — Clos« to Market st: three handsome j
modern flats; ?1350 a year; nearly 10
per cent n«t. • !
$10,500— Mission Investment: store and two j
flats; ?1050 a year; 10 per cent; 30- j
foot lot. !
$8,250 — Waller, near Pierce; S elegant modern j
flats; with low rents, $840 yearly. j
$8,000 — Near Market st;,3 elegant modern
flats; $870 a year; a «rr<yU snap.
$7.000 — Near Broadway and Van Ness ave.; 2
comfortable flats; $720 a year.
$5,250 — In the Mission: two flats; $510 a year;
lot has two frontages.
$5.000 — Tehama. near 5th: 4 elegant little^
flats in flne $624 a year; 11 per
cent net; lot adjoins Howard-et. front-
ages.
$4,500 — Half n block from Market; two com-
fortable flats, paring- $540 a year; a
very choice Investment.
$2,250 — Close to Folsom and Eleventh: store
and flats; a j?ood little Investment,
paying .5300 a year.
DO YOU WANT A HOME?
$17,500 — Vallejo st; handsomn residence of II
rooms: grand marine view.
$15,000 — Northwest cor., not far from Panhan-
dle; very comfortable 11-room resl-
• denee In good condition. -
$8,000 — Presidio Heights; thoroughly modern
and attractive 8-room house.
$7,500 — Bucbanan-st home; very pretty 0-
room house; flne district
$4,000 — Mission home of 6 rooms; modern
plumbing: beautiful garden and flne
view; IWore buying, look at this.
53.COO— McAllister st.. nr. Golden Gate Park;
very pretty modern cottage.
$2,500 — 27th st.; 2-story house. 7 rooms; a 1
substantial and comfortable home.
$8,000— Vallejo. nrar Scott; elegant marine
view, lot 37:flxl37:«.
$5,000 — Presidio Heights lot; running to Pre-
sidio Wall: munificent view; nothing
in the market better than this.
$2.400— Mission snap: 49 ft. lot: near 17th St.
BOARDMAN nROP. & CO..
1S8 Montgomery st.
madison & burke,
real estate agents.
Established January, isss.
30 Montgomery st Opposite Lick House.
$12,000 — Post st; two large well constructed
houses; very large lot.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$8,000 — 6 flats and store below; near Sixth
¦ . - and Brannan its.; rent $96 per month;
new building.
$S,000 — Ashbury st, near Frederick; a flne
large 10-room house; near the Park:
billiard-room, finished attic and all
' modern conveniences.
$10,750— Page st: 2 up-to-date flats, 6 and 7
rooms and bath; annual rent $900. .
$3,250 — Beaver st, near Noe; beautiful cot-
tage. Just the thing for a small family;
' flne garden.
$3.100 — Noe, near Market; a nice cottage
cheap to close estate; 25x120.
$4.000— Tenth «t. near Harrison; lot 25x100;
rent $32.
$4,500 — Two new flats; Vermont st, near
22d; rents $43 per month; must be sold.
LOTS
$4,100 — FtUmore st, near Grove; lot 25x
107:6.
$1.600— 14th N ave. and A st., cor., J20 feet on
the new Park Panhandle.
$5,000 — 2 flne lots; Beulah st, near Stanyan;
60x137:6.
$3,500 — Tremont ave.. west line; 6-room cot-
tage In fine condition; near Frederick st.
$1,320 — Harriet St.. near Brannan; lot and 2-
story house; must sell.
$1,975 — Harrison St., near 2Sth; flne cottage,
6 rooms and bath; lot 25x110; cheap.
$4, COO — Chattanooga st., near Twenty-third;
¦ large. lot 65x117:6 to rear street.
Lots 27:6x137:0. on Sutter st, between Stelner
and Pierce.
Buildlns lot. NE. corner Golden Gate ave.
and Baker st.; in sizes to suit; -prices
from $2000 upward.
Three lots, each 27:6x137:6, on south. line of
Geary St., near FiUmore.
MADISON & BURKE.
HO Montgomery st.. opp. Lick House.
WE have some special bargains in city prop-
: erty; also homes on easy terms In Berkeley
1 and Alameda: call or send for what you
want. ROTHERMEL & CO., 607 California.
THREE elegant 'new modern and up-to-date,
flats ; for sale on the ' 8E. cor. < of ; 18th and
: Diamond.' D. CONDON, builder, on premises.
Free homestead presented by' Uncle Sam under
new Government canal; Nevada. See J. E.
Gordon.623 Crogsley bldg.. 2:30 to 5 p.m. dally.
MONET at 6 per cent tor the full cost of build-
, • Ings and part lot. Manhattan Savings Bank.
.107-8 Crocker building. , # /
LIBERTY, near Guerrero — Dwelling, earning
good Interest, $4000; sell less. Box 1200.. Call.
HKl!. K*7'\TK riTY— COB- S»AI.'R.
I KACTlOix. i.LU«lD«it; <fc CO..
KJ8 MARKET ST.
A UCTION
AUCTION
TUESDAY. JUNK 28. 1004.
A.t our valerrooms at 1^ o'clock noon.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
No. 1115 Port St.. west of Polk St.; lot 27:6x
120 feet, through to C?dar ave.; improvements
co'iPisi of an elcRant li>-room dwelling, steam-
hratecl throughout, latest modern plumbing,
j running water in each room, high basement,
conservatory and larre garden.
.. INVESTMENT FLATS.
I Nok. ,eo, 7t!2. 704 6th ave.. north' of D St.:
let 27x120 feet; improvements consist of a 3-
stmy building containing 4 separate flats of
4-4-7-S room? and bath; rent $76 per month;
mcrtpare of $40CO can remain.
SHOTWELL-STKEET INVESTMENT.
West line of Shotwell st., north of 20th;
lot :!0xl22:fi feet; improvements consist of a
Jwinngr occupied and used as a Chinese wash-
house; rent $15 per mo.; mortgage of $1000
can remain.
PARK PANHANDLE BUILDING LOT.
Northerly line of Fell St., 81:3 feet east of
Ccle; lot UfixlOO feet; this lot Is directly oppo-
site the park panhandle, a very short distance
from- the park proper: situated on the sunny
side of the «trect. and is one of the very few
lots obtainable- on this desirable street; mort-
gage $2100 G»rntan Savings Bank, can remain.
SACRAMENTO-STREET FLATS.
No. 3735 Sacramento st., west of Spruce:
lot 27:6x132:746 feet; Improvements consist of
4 desirable flats containing 4-4-5-5 rooms, mod-
ern plumblns. porcelain bath, ttuih toilets,
nickel-plated trimmings; modern in every re-
spect; excellent surroundings; rent $72 per
month: mortsaite of $3500 can remain; title
RMnrantecd: «ldewalk pat-nt concrete; street
bituminlzed; built only ;! years.
MISSION COTTAGE.
; Weft line Goettlngtn st.. north of Silver ave.,
I belnr between Silver ave. and Silllman *t.:
j lot 60x100 feet; Improvements consist of a new
I cottage containing 6 rocms and porcelain bath,
I finished basement, rooms all expensively paint-
1 ed and fr»scoed; large stable /or 8 horses, hay
j lof:*, <-tc. ; take the Folsom-street car and
I transfer at 28th and Folsom sts. to the San
j Bruno road cars. ' I
' RICHMOND COTTAGE.
No. C2S Sth ave.. north of C st.; lot 28:10H
xl20 feet. Irregular: improvements consist of an
elegant l>4-story cottage containing 6 rooms,
, porcelain bath. 2 flush toilets: modern stable,
j bay lofts, etc.; take the McAllister and Geary
Mroet car*; this cottace Is built less than a
1 year: positively the most beautifully laid out
I residence in thin entire district.
I BUSH-STREET FLATS.
1 Nr-s. 2fi2fi. 2C2KA Bush St., east of nrMerick :
I lot 27-6x137:0 feet; Improvements consist of 2
I flats containing 7 rooms and bath each; stable
I In the rear: r*nt $P1 i>er month.
I MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
Will be rold to close the estate of David R.
Jones, deceased, subject to confirmation of the
Superior Court. The followins lots will be
sold In bl->ck 59, Homer's Addition, hounded
hy Church. Dolores. 26th and Army sts. ; lots
3. 4, 5. 6, 7, 8, 30, 31, 32, 33. 34, as per dia-
| gram. •
I ALSO
I Lots in block 62, same addition, as per dia-
gram; lots 1, 2, 3. 4, 5. 6, 7. 8, 9, 10. 11, IX
I 13. 14. 15. 16.
j EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 MARKET ST.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
$47,500^ — Mason St.. corner of a small aliey. not
far from Market; 3-story and basement
building, renting for $185 per month.
$17,000—3 beautiful new flata of 7-7-8 rooms
and bath: lot 27:0x137:6 feet, on O'Kar-
rell St.. near dough; rented very low at
$120 i*r month.
$16,000—12 elegant nrw flats on 13th St.. near
Howard, runnins through to a rear
street; rent extremely low at $155 per
month; lot 100-foot frontage by 175 feet
in depth; this property must be sold to
clo«e an (state: no reasonable offer re-
fused.
$15,000—12 magnificent flats, containing 2-3-4
rooms each: rented for $1SBO per ytar;
in tl;e warm belt of the Miswion.
$13,500— Rent $1500 per annum; 9 desirable
flats nf 3-4 rooms each; Tehama st.,
near 5th; oermamntly rented; mortgage
of $7000 can remain.
$13,000— Howard St., east of 6th; business in-
vestment of store and 2 large sunny
flats above paying pood Interest.
$10,250^ — NW. cor. of Mission St.. near 1 7th: 2
stores and flat above; rented for $60 per '
month. ,
$S,60O— Residence on Stanyan St.. near the
Golden Gate Park; 00- foot frontaee un-
improved; residence contains 7 rooms,
porcelain "bath, larce basement, furnace,
hardwood, floors and stationary tubs;
rem $40 r>er month.
$7,600— A sacrifice on the north line of Fol-
E'm St.. near 4th: let runs through to
Clementina st., 150 in depth; improve-
ments consist of an old building rented 1
for $:S0 per month; lot alone worth
$10,000.
$3.750 — Reduced; cottage containing 7 rooms
and bat*; almost new; on 23rd st.
$2,500 — Cr*tage on Eureka St.; 5 rooms and
bath: new plumbing: flush toilets; rent.
*d very cheaply at $20 per month.
$2,100— Cottage on Folsom st., containing 4
> rooms.
A FEW PICK UPS FOR THE FUTURE IN
BUILDING LOTS.
$2,500 — A desirable corner facing the ocean
I boulevard: 100x107:0 feet.
j $1,600— McAllister st., near Central ave.: 75x
i 137:6 feet; levfl and ready for building.
' $1.400— 20th ave., near A et.; 60x120 feet,
i $300 «ach— 2 lots on M st.. near 13th ave.
! EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
63S Market et.
VON KHKIN HEAL ESTATE COMPANY.
613 CALIFUKMA ST.
DRUMM-ST. CORNER.
$12,000— Corner Merchant and Drumm. with
old Improvements, renting for $51 per month.
COR. POLK AND WASHINGTON.
100x1 02 :«<;»: one of the best business locali-
ties on Polk St.; will be sold cheap.
COR. 26TH AND KANSAS STS.
$4000 — 25x133:6; Improvements consist of a
¦ bakery and flat above, renting for $37 50 per
month.
DESIRABLE MISSION CORNER.
$26,000—25x104; SW. corner of 20th and Ala-
' bama; suitable for stores or flats.
LEAVENWOKTH-ST HOME.
$6000— 22:1 lxSO to reari street; Leavenworth
St., near California; Improvements consist ot
j house of G rooms and bath.
FREDERICK-ST. BUILDING LOT.
$1850 — 25x100; nouth line of Frederick, near
Willard; adapted for home.
VAN NESS-AVE. CORNER.
6£xl25; a corner In the most desirable por-
tion of Van Ntbs ave.; In one or two lots.
JONES-ST. BAY-WINDOW FLATS.
$11.000 — 40x137:6; Jones st.. near Greenwich;
, 4 modern flats, renting for $87 50. .
PROMINENT MISSION CORNER.
I $15,000—55x80; NE. cor. 24th and Shotwell:
Improvements consist of store, flats and house;
renting for $112 per month.
FOLSOM-ST. INVESTMENT.
: $13,000—25x160 to Shipley st.. between 5th
and 6th: Improvements, stores and flats, rent-
Ing for $83 60 per month.
I TURK-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
i $42,500—27:6x137:6; Turk, near Taylor: oia
' Improvements renting for $100 per month.
I HAWKS & SKELTON,
I Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken ot
! Property.
; $17,500 — Van Ness ave., near Vallejo st. ; ele-
cant ' house of I) rooms and basement,
containing billiard-room, wineroom,
• laundry and servants' room; modern
and up to date every way.
' $1.3,500— Fine house; Leavenworth, near Clay;
9 rooms and bath: laundry In basement;
building in first-class condition; view of
Golden Gate from rear.
$8.000 — Corner lot 105x137; Lombard - street
boulevard; can be subdivided to good
advantage. < ¦¦ -: v.
$10.0C0— NW. cor. Larkln and Francisco; 137x
137; has commanding view of the bay
and when Francisco st. is graded will be
worth double this price.
$7,000— Octavla st. near Broadway; good
bouse of 7 rooms and bath; flne view ot
bay from front and rear; bare lot is
worth the price; 25x137; make offer.
HAWKS & SKELTON, 323 Montgomery st.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
211 Montgomery st.
A BARGAIN.
$5.050 — Rent $42 50 a month; business prop-
erty on McAllister St., not far from Van
Ness ave.; never vacant; rent can be
raised.
SPLENDID INVESTMENT.
$23,000 — Rent. $187 50 a month;! grand new"
modern corner; up to date in .all par-
ticulars; close to park panhandle; all
rented. ¦ v .','.! .-,:¦¦;
$10,750— Rent $90 a month: Oak St., near Mar-
ket; 3 fine flats; double lot, with two
frontages.
$2,350— Presidio HeUhts lot; size 27:0x123;
must be sold.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
211 Montgomery st.
JOSEPH STRAUB. 630 Market st. ¦¦:¦¦; ;•;;;¦'
Nice new 5-room cottage: bath 'base- ¦¦ :•
merit: near 24th and Castro sts.;-. 2, "
car lines ; 2 flats, store and 4 rooms ;
upper 5 rooms; ctable; lot 25x114.... $3600
Corner 2 flats, 5-6 rooms: lot 28x91 — — M700
Cottage of 5, rooms, bath, basement ..'$26i!0
Cottage. 6 rooms, bath, basement: Post et.
3 modern flats, 6 - rooms each; McAl-
H4er st ¦ ,$9QCO
THE American Investment & Realty Society
will submit plans, build house, supply money.
Before building see us. 551 I'arrott bldg.
I RK1I. /ISTtTE — .CITV FOR «»T,W.
G. H. UMBSKN'* CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
R»-al Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
$33.5o<>— Rent $2340 per annum: a splendid cor-
ner on Laguna «t. ; Improvements consist
of vtoreM. flats and houoes; 3t:3xl2*X
with L 50x4* on rear street. 10505
$25.700 — Elegant mansion of 17 rooms and -
haths; on Frsnklln-st. corner; rented for
5150 per month; 30x120.
$20,C0O— Rents $1906 80 pe>" annum; 3 elegant,
modern flats of 8-8-7 rooms and bath
each, etc.; 25x112:6; elite neighborhood
In Wentern Addition. 8208
$14,000 — Rents 31. "00, could easily be Increased;
tt flats; splendid location, with marine
view; lot 44xl.'17:6. 1C33O
$12.500 — Unexcelled marine lot on Broadway,
nurrounoed by magnificent residence: W>
xJ37:«J. • 08C5
I $12.C00— Excellent Paclflc Heights southw»dt
corntr. 55x110. 10530
; $9,000 — Rents SS5.1 i>»r ar.mim: Oak st.; 3 nice
I biy-wirdow flats of 7-6-6 rocms and bith
each; 1-5x137:6. 104;ti
$3,500 — Rents $820 per annum; unusually good
Investment in flats; Laguna St.; marine
view; lot 25x100. 10435
$7,000 — Residence of 9 rooms and bath; De-
vi«adero st., near Duboce Park: In flne
condition; mortgage can remain. 10111
$6,750 — W( stern Addition residence; will ac-
cept small payments, balance on easy In-
ftallments; houne of 7 rooms and bath;
flne marine view; lot 37:6 frontage.
$6,C50— Rents $600 per annum; 2 new flats:
Mission warm belt: 3-6 rooms and bath
t-ach; mortgage $3250 can remain; lot
2»:«<xl25.
$5,f.00— Rents $60O per annum: Fulton-st. flat*
of 4-4 rooma each and cottage of 5
rooms; large mortgage $3000 can remain:
27:fixl20 to rear street. 10*02
$4. CCO— Cottase of 5 rooms and bath, laundry
«nd hijth basement; near Union st. and
Van Ness ave.; large lot and garden.
$3,750— Rents $450 p*v annum: near Eighth
an'l Harrison sts.; 4 flats of 3 rooms
each; 30x80; mortgage can remain.
For further particulars of the above and for
the Real Estate Record, containing a list of
properties for eale In all parts of the city. In-
quire at our offlce. «
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery St..
Re.il Estite Agents and Auctioneers.
ItKAI. KSTATK Coon try— Vor *+}*•
WHITE & BAYLEY,
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$12,500^ — Splendid stock ranch and general
farm 2000 acres; 4 miles from Courthouse.
Mendocino County; 200 acres tillable;- 2 com-
1 plete rets of farm buildings; well supplied with
; water and an abundance of live oak timber;
there are several patches suitable for alfalfa.
fSOOO— Only 3V~ miles of Geyservllle. the Gem
of Sonoma County; % mil? good school; rural
1 mail delivery; 50 acres; 30 acres rich bottom
land; 2 acres orchard: 15 ai:res vineyard, all
; bearing; 5 acres alfalfa) well lence.1 and cross
i fenced; 5-room house, 2 good barns, nice
spring; have other bargains in this superb sec-
tion.
$2500—15 acres level land, T miles of San
Jose; all in vineyard; house.
$2000 — 40-acre dairy and poultry ranch. 1
mile ot town: hill land; 3 houses; barn; corral;
poultry* houses. 2 incubators; 2 brooders; farm-
ing tools; fenced; 4 cows; 2 horses; 225 chick-
ens; flne market.
$600 — One minute's walk of church and
school. 4 miler> of town: 1^ acres; nice 4-room
house; lars? barn; poultry bouses; rich garden
land with easterly slope; on main si Tinkled
roti'I; rural delivery: ideal poultry farm.
I $3200 — In city limits of Petaluma; - >L i acres;
neat cottage: barn; 5 poultry bouses: '1 brood-
ers; 1 incubator; 2 wagons; harness; horse;
Jersey cow; 450 chickens; all In bearing fruit;
see photos of select Petaluma bomea at this
offlce.
$3000—3 miles of Santa Rosa; 200 acres; 20
acres tillable soil; 500 cords of wood; house;
barn; running water: 10 head of cattle: 25 bead
of hogs; other bargains In this superb section.
$CCO — Only 1 mile of town; 80 acres; bouse,
trees, vines, berries; 15 acres bottom land:
placer and quartz sold; 2 garden patches, out- 1
side range, tools, furniture; forced sale.
$4000 — Near Merced City, on main road; 40
acres rich land; 5 acres bearing olives. 10
acres alfalfa; ¦>% acres bearing orchard; 2
wells; all under ditch; flne cottage, 5 rooms;
steel windmill and tank; good barn; toolhouae;
granary; poultry houses; incubator houses; nice
Income; cash or trade bay counties property.
ALFALFA LANDS.
IMch black land, near Stockton, subdivided in
small tracts at $65 per acre; one-third of crop
with place.
Adjoining the town of Lodl. both bearing
vineyard land and unimproved under ditch;
$125 to $165 per acre. i
' $50 ;-er acre: 10 acres up; under ditch; 4Vs j
miles from Lodl. on main county road; also
land on the Stanislaus ditch as low as $45 an '
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
We have several parties with good Income
property to trade for cheap country homes; also
lodsin'-houses; many cash buyers; list your
pr.-perty.
$2500 — 60 acres; 5 miles from Santa Cruz; 20
acres und«r cultivation, balance rolling and
so:ne steep; small orchard and vineyard bear-
ing; good 7-room house, barn, outbuildings;
bank foreclosure; $500 down and balance
monthly payments If desired.
$5000 — Beet ranch In Southern Oregon; 320
acres: 2 sets good Improvements: well fenced;
orchard; 5 horses: farming tools; outside range.
$450u — 30 acres close to Morgan Hill, Santa
Clara County; 20 acres bearing orchard and
vineyard. 10 acres hill pasture; nice hard
finished cottage of 5 rooms; outbuildings; fine
income; would trade for Income city property.
$1)50 Only 6 miles from Courthouse; 80
acres- orchard, vineyard, house, outbuildings;
part cash: near Red Bluff.
$17.CC0 — Finest ranch in San Joaquln County,
between Stockton and Lodl; water near sur-
face- good house, outbuildings, barn, corrals;
450 acres rich land. 1 mile of Calaveras River.
on main road; mortgage $9000; would trade for
first-class property near city.
Country hotel, live town; Alameda County;
lot 80x200; fine trade; 14 large rooms; house
fcr help; large stable; outbuildings; opposite
new atation; $3500.
$2230 — 10 acres, all In apricots Just com-
mencing to bc<ir; 6 miles from San Jose; lovely
home; ualf cash.
$1700— In Sonoma City: 3% acres; all level;
-ood house, barn, windmill, tankhouse; 13 poul-
try hou*ek and yards: some alfalfa; spring
wagon; 500 chickens; feedhouse.
$3500—136 acres east of San Jose; 123 acres
in hay; good soil.
Send stamp for printed list.
WHITE & BAYLEY,
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St.. Room 8.
Property Exchanges a Specialty.
STOCK RANCHES A SPECIALTY.
California. Nevada. Arizona. Mexico stock
ranches for their value for grazing — vast tracts
Eultable for subdivision and colonization. Val-
uable not alone for grazing, but for timber, ag-
riculture, oil. minerals or town sites. We bav«
many tracts -where frost never occurs. We
have many valuable pasture lands where srass
cattle are fat in April, when beet commands
tbu hishest price.
We have business property that will ray 8
per cent net on cost for five or ten yearV lcise.
We have residences up to date. In the land of
the lemon, orange, sunshine, fruit and flowers.
We have many beautiful orchard homes in
the famed Santa Clara Valley, near the Garden
City of California. Good dairy and alfalfa
ranches.
We can offer a Mexican grant that will sen-
port 10.000 head of cattle for only $50,00-X
CHARLES W. OOE * CO..
Real Estate. Cattle and Loans,
7S-79. Auzerais bldg., San Jose. Cal.
FOR sale cr lease — A nice little country home
of 5^i acres; 5-rocm house, windmill, new
tank. Incubators, brooder house and every-
thing complete for raising chickens; parti-
tioned and Inclosed with netting fencing:
with or without stock; within 26 miles of
San Francisco. Inquire at postofflce, Novato,
Marin Co.. Cal.
$5 GO AN acre: big bargain: big stock and
grain ranch. 23,000 acres; will make excellent
colony or C5 1000-acre farms; to close an
e&tate must be sold by court for $5 60 an
acre; railroad and steamboat: abundant rain-
fall; 1-3 cash will do. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
648 Market st.
l€0 ACRES U. S. patented land at Wawona
summer resort, Mariposa County: price $20
per acre: some Improvements: abundance of
wood and water: a flne hotel site. Inquire
of A. B. VAN CAMPEN. Mariposa. Cal.
COLMA residence property — For sale, large j
lots, cheap; ijoort car service; new 4-room
cottajre: derlrable spot: lot 100 feet square;
rood well water; *1200. Inquire R. S.
THORNTON, Hearst buildlns. room 416.
CONTRA COSTA lands. 10 acres up. $5O> to
$.100: Sonoma. County chicken ranches; some '
bargains: Mendooino County ttock ranches,
$7 per acre. HEDEMARK & JACK CO., 11
Montgomery st.
FOR farms, timber, grazing and alfalfa lands
orchards and vineyards and stock ranches*
call on or send for catalogue, ROTHERMEL
& CO.. 507 California st. »
$K00— 10 ACRES full bearing trees and vines;
fins house; \k mile from station; worth
$5000: snap. HX'NSAKER. 0 Eddy. ¦ /
200-ACRE Eel River farm; two houses; two
barns; insured J.W.0: price $2VfHW. Call or
address W. T. BONSTELL. Eureka. Cal.
ALFALFA lands. stock ranches, orchard*,
vineyard?: inspected barpiin*: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. «4S
Market ft.
$3000— RANCH. 27% acres: fine for poultry: In
Santa Cruz County. 4at2 Twenty-fifth st.
REAL ESTATE WAXTED.
REAL estate agents— I want snap; about $2500;
south of Market. Box I3C0, Call office.
I POI.NT KICHMO5D BEA1< EyrATB -
POINT RICHMOND.
REICHERT it McKENZIK..^
201 Mutual savings Bank Building. 3. F.
Richmond ave., n*ar ii«po». Fotnt Richmocd.
We are now closing out all the lots not
sold In the i««y \ nrw .»duinor.; these tuts au-
Joln the Standard Oil r-tin-'ry: also Southern
Pacific property, and ihe moat Important fea-
ture b»lne on the water front.
1 A deal Is now being p*ri«-ei«?i1 and may p««
any minute wherein th« tideland muddle will
b<> settled and when ihis has been accom-
plished the great number of shippers who
ha>e been struggling to secure these land*
will commence to build wharves and ware-
houses atony with the project of the Southern
Pacific will make Point Richmond the greatest
shipping point on San Francisco Bay.
Price* are bound to soar -.-kyward Imme-
diately upon the consummation of the tideland
(!••«. 1.
You have no time to lose: get in now on
the ground floor ard secure the enhancement
of values that is bound to follow.
j Lots $275. $25 down and $5 per month.
1 Mttke your selections now while the best of
property I* at your disposal.
1 We will show you the property at cir ex-
pense; call or write us for maps and further
particulars.
REICHERT & McKENZIE.
1 Sole A rents.
I 201 Mutual Savings I5ank Building. S. F.
j Richmond ave.. near depot. Point Richmond.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT, at Stege. on Santa Fa
and •leetrlc roads; land $300 per acre; Ion
50x200 at $150; orchard of 15 acres and
I buildings. $400 per acre: monthly payments;
•lend for maps. etc. HAIGHT. 401 Cal.st..S.F.
SAJTTA CBTJg REAI, ESTATE.
INSIDE OFFERINGS THIS WEEX.
I $1»VX) — « rooms; lot 60x130; Garfleld st.
jlSCO— 5 rooms; lot 3i:xlG0 feet: Church st.
C200O — « rooms; large lot: Felker st.
j $.1200^ — 6 rooms; modern; fruit and flowers: one>
' acre, of ground: Ocean st.
I $3300—7 rooms; modern In evgry respect; sun-
1 ny side of street: electric cars pass) door;
Lincoln st.
$4000 — 8 room*: over an acre of ground; good
location; Plymouth st.
ADAMS * BARRY.
REAL ESTATE BROKERS.
117 PACIFIC AVE.,
SANTA CRUZ.
—
SA2f MATEO HEAL E8TAT23.
SAN MATEO • SAN MATEO
THB FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDENCE DIS-
TRICT NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
We have a choice list of excellent residence
properties, villa sites and acreage. Don't fail
to see us before buying. Investigate Baa
Mateo Park. The ideal property of them all.
Lot* of about one acre each. Easy terms-
Bound to b» most valuable. Se« our local
arent. Frank S. Grummon. San Mateo o£flc»
open Sundays.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post St.
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'MENTa
ALAMEPA BEAI. ESTATE.
DO TOU SAVE MONET
DO YOU SAVE MONEY
DO YOU SAVE MONEY
BY PAYING RENT?
BY PAYING RENT? •
BY PAYING RENT?
WE GUARANTEE YOU A SAVING BY
PURCHASING A HOUSE AND LOT.
WHAT HAVE WE FOR SALE?
EVERY KIND OF PROPERTY FROM $100
LOTS TO A MANSION. WE OFFER THE
BEST TERMS*. WE BUILD THE BE3T
HOMES. OCR INFORMATION IS THE Br^T.
I OUR TRANSACTIONS THE MOST RELI-
< ABLE. AND WE ARE ALWAYS PLEASED
j TO OFFER YOU EVERY OPPORTUNITY
FOR INVESTIGATING BEFORE PURCHAS-
ING.
LOOK OVER OUR LIST.
INSPECT OUR HOMES.
GET OUR PRICES.
BEAUTIFUL AND MODERN HOMES. PER-
FECT IN ARRANGEMENTS. CHARMINGLY
SITUATED. LOCATIONS IDEAL. PURCHASE
TO-DAY. PROCRASTINATION IS THE
THIEF OF TIME.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE IS SOUND.
SOLID AND DAILY ADVANCING.
A FEW BARGAINS. GET ONE AND LIVE
IN COMFORT AMIDST NATURE'S HAND-
SOME GIFTS. WITH EVERY POSSIBLE AT-
TRACTION WITHIN HER REACH WASHED
ON HER BEAUTIFUL SANDY BEACH «BY
THE WATERS OF THE BAY.
$1500 buys a B-room house: good lot.
$2200 buys a flne 6-room house: a snap.
$2500 buys an elegant cottage: lot 50x159.
f30OO buys a beautiful cottage; lot 40x100.
S3.VX) buys an eletrant 7-room house.
?425O buys a. beautiful modern 8-roora hoose>.
$4250 buys an elegant S-room house; fisa loca-
tion.
$5500 buys a modern home. 8 rooms and batA:
corner lot.
SPECIAL! SPECIAL! 8PECUE!
POSITIVELY MUST BE SOLD.
FIRST COMER GETS ONE OF THB BTO-
GEPT BARGAINS EVER OFFERED TO THE
PUBLIC. cogT %2rfl()() *> -.-I
WILL BE SACRIFICED FOR
510,000.
COME AND SEE THIS PROPERTT. TffH
FINEST CORNER LOT IN ALAMEDA: LOT
75xl8T: HOUSE OF 12 ROOMS AND BATH~3.
FURNACE AND ALL MODERN MPROVE-
MENTS.
A GREAT BARGAIN.
" ? J
ALAMEDA LAND COMTANT.
1500 PARK ST.
TEL. ALAMEDA 490. ALAMEDA.
. 'IT
____ I •
$1700 — COTTAGE of 5 rooms and bath; in flrst-
class condition, with modern lmprov*.
ments: near echo«l and station; lot 28x
123. This is cheap.
$1900— Cottage; 5 rooms and batn; BO-foot
frontage; near Park street.
$2750' — In course of completion: new fl-roora
cottage: large reception hall: high base-
ment; lot 50x150; near Chestnut-street
station: terms t > suit.
$3150 — Fine cottage: * rooms and bath; larre
barn: flowers, lawns: lot 50x140. TMs
place Is an Ideal home.
WILLIAM DUFOUR & CO..
2326 Santa Clara ave.. near Park St.,
Alameda, Cal.
ADAMS & CO.
For Alameda real estate don't fail to call oa
us. the reliable agents who have houses, cot-
tages and lots for sale In the very best loca-
tions in Alameda* Take broad gauge aad get
oft at Bay station.
ADAMS & CO.. Bay Station.
Phone Alameda 6952.
Offlce open Sundays from 9 a. m. to 3 p. m.
E. D. JUDD CO.. 1424 PARK ST., ALAMEDA.
FOR SALE.
$65CO^ — Fine bargain in business property pay-
ing 12 per cent per annum ; new buiidlnj:
first-class Improvement.
$22<H) — House. 0 rooms: cost $4CC0.
$1650 each; four flne 6-room cottages; choice
location; pays 1 per cent Interest.
S1000 each; choice lots on Grand st.; 50x125.
I Four acres water front: send for particulars.
E. D. JU.DD CO.. 1424 PARK ST.. ALAMEDA.'
BEAUTIFUL home on bay shore: !> rooms; lot
50x150; lawn, flowers, fruit; $0500; terms to
suit.
8-room house; lot 50x150; garden and fruit;
I $220(1: easy terms.
8-room house on choice corner. lot 40x120: bath,
laundry. Ono mantels; $2500; $500 cash, bal-
ance to suit.
HAWKS & MEHRTENS.
Cor. 7th and Railroad ave.
$11,000— CORNER. 185x140: make offer.
$KOOC — Corner. ' 150x207; make offer.
*25G0— Corner.* 100x130; make, offer.
$6C0 — Lot 50x10*; near station.
x Choice Improved and unimproved property
fcr sale In Alameds.
ELMER E. JOHNSON. 1501 Park st.
MODERN 5-rcom cottar*?. $1800.
i 5-room cottage, near Park *t.. $21Cu.
S-rcom cottage. f2:X0; barraln.
6-roctn modern cottaje, $."000.
Corner lot. flne location. $S5i>.
GEORGE L. LEWIS. 1518 Park St. -
HERE'S WHERE YOU GET VALUE.
Only $t6€0 for a modern cottnge of 6 rooms.
In good location, with tot 50x203; also ehlcken-
house and all conveniences.
1 J. S. HANLT. 1310 Par*.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 26, 1904.
43
MI5KS A5P MCTiyQ
' WANTED — About $3000 to equt9 mia* for
purpose of shipping ore: era will a-reras* HOO
, per ton: will give rood Interest In mine and
agree to refund money from net proceeds
of ore: only principals reply. Address E. B-,
box 1206." Call office.
MINER with a number of years' experl«ae«
wants irrub stak* of $350 to orosn«ct la
Northern California: references gives. Box
1238. Call office.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SAUB.
BOILERS, engine*. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TCSH fc WOLPMAN. 195-107 Fremont St.
I 56-ln.xl6-fL return tubular boiler, camplete. .
; m $450
4 M-in-xKJ-f t. return * tubular "bolier. com-
plete, each $350
1 48-in.xl2-ft. return tubular boiler, com-
plete $200
1 o6-ln.xl2 ft. return tubular boiler, oom-
plets- $150
1 80-ln.xlO-ft. return tabular bolter, com-
plete $125
2 48-in.xl»-ft. return tubular boiler, eom-
plete eaeh $30O
H. S. WHITE Mchy. Co.. 130-132 B«ale st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterlte; ln rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFINO CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc.. bought, sold,
rented ar.d exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. 3. WHITE MCHT. CO.. 130-132 Beala »t.
ISrHP. FIRE box boiler with engine mounted
on same (portable) $175
4-HP. gaa engine. 2-eentrlfugal pump. pip*.
fittings, etc, complete $1TS
30-HP. bolier. 25- HP. engine, belt, ntttnga.
all complete with 8-in. centrifugal pump.
Me, etc $4oO
CO-HP. Ball automatic engine with 30O-1U';-
dynamo, switchboard, etc ?k.v>
2 Dow vacuum pumps duplex. each....$U1»
II .S. WHITE Mchy. Co.. 130-133 Beale st.
CARPETS 7 rooms, almost new, and 3 bedroom
sets; flat to let; Qae. sunny corner; central 1 :
fine view of bay: reasonable rent. Address
box 1273, Call office.
CHEAP for cash; A and B transit and lavel
combined; high pow«r telescope; also second-
hand Y level. JOSEPH C. SALA. 423 Mont-
gomery st.
A— FINE suits, $7 B0; dress pants. $2 6a Orig-
Inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23a Keamy St..
near Bush; open to ft p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A COMPLETE water works. Al »5t*>
A complete electric light plant $10no
Automobiles (runabouts) $ *" •
Hoisting engine. Al ?-•'-•
2^-HP. Westinghouw dynamos $W>
Compressors, drills, receivers, etc.. etc.
We haven't got all the machinery ln th*
country, but we have a little; remember, w*
are not an Infortnatlcn bureau: cut your In-
quiries short and to the point; make up your
mind what you want, bring along the coin
and we do the rest.
H. S. WHITE Mchy. Co.. 130 Beala »t.
A — BUYS, sells or rants gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
LARGE building at 741 Central ave., corner
McAllister st., for sale to be removed. Ap-
ply BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
FOR sale— OH barrels; 50 new drums. K0
square 200 ration tanks. GEORGE PAR-
TRIDGE & CO.. 123 California st.
1 4-HP. HICKS engine (gasoline) RH
1 2- HP. Fairbanks-Morse (marine) $3O
1 Weber 8-HP. (gasoline), complete.... $2W>
1 4-HP. Schilling gasoline engine ..$125
H. S. WHITE Me>>y. Co.. 130-132 Bealo st.
DENTAL engine. Wilkerson chair, bracket,
etc.. carpet, folding bed. paintings; cheap, or
trade for equity in lot. 1141 Polk, cor- Sutter.
JULY clearance sale of pictures, burnt -work,
souvenirs, etc: beautify your horn*. Kings-
land Art Sho». Haight and Devisadero sts.
, ,
I GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
' suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 23
Stockton J»t.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sal* on
small weekly payments. United Loaa and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st.,
upstairs.
WE have actually got 8 miles of screw pipe.
all sizes, to sell cheap; get my price* last.
H. S. WHITE Mchy. Co.. 130. Beal« St.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats, $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny st, near
Pine; open to 0 p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's ehoes at $1 and $1 60 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50: we pay express
charges. It 3d St.. Exam, bid.: catalog free.
SECOND-HAND sealskins, eld gold and dia-
monds bought: *end postal; will calL New
Municipal Loan Office. 617 Washington st.
FOR wile — 12-ton schooner yacht Flyaway; .45
ffet lon«r. Address C. C. MORTON, steamer
Arabs. Fu{ton Iron Works.
1 RICHMOND range, top gas shelf, connected
up. $25; 1 new refrigerator, cost $38. $18. 213
Fourth st.
$30— FRESH Jersey-He'stein cow; youn*. very
gentle; rich milk. 1190 67th st.. Oakland.
CANARIES— Fine singers; old and young;
I cheap, ti-l Elizabeth st.. Castro-st. car.
j FOR sale — Two fr«sh cews. Apply A. KRETH.
1445 Thirteenth ave. South.
ALL kinds of talking machines and records at
I 415 Kearnv: factory crtc;»: Cclumblaa 23c.
1 THOROUGHBRED Cocker spaniel. 7 months
old. for sale: cheap. 1003 Sutter st.
NEW Wijltams typewriter; very cheap. Box
1304. Call office.
! FOR sale — Sealskin jacket: good as new. Ad-
1 dress box 1303. Call office.
_ DOGS.
. FINE St. Bernard puppies. 1236 20th ara., near
\ H st. ; take blue car: call before 4 p. m.
' EVERLASTING signs, letters, numbers; only
i makers In State. BAKER'S. 21 Spear St.
! SEWING machine, almost new, perfect order,
for sale; $12. 1123 Washinstcn st.
DACHSHUND puppy for sale; male; high ped-
igree. 204 Natoma sU
GOOD family milk cow for sale. 2100 Web-
i ster st. i
: ELASTIC stockings. $2. Factory. 40 Ellis
I street.
1 GRINDING stone, carpenters' and plumbers'
j tools and floor truck for sale. 053 Howard st.
PIGEONS — Homers, runts, all loading varieties;
stamp for catalogue. C. Wilson. 229 Stevenson.
¦ FOR sale — 30-ton gasoline sloop. H. SULLI-
VAN. 2S Rltch St.. S. F.
SAFES and desks: new and second-hand; prlc'a
I right' at Richardson Bros'.. 1S1B Market st.
'. BEST white lead 7c per pound: to painters
I less. BUTCHER. 741 Mission St.
I AWNINGS. tents.new.seeoncThand. SUN TENT
& AWNING CO.. 42 Spear St.: tel. John (U.Nfi.
TENTS for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHOX
TENT & AWNINQ CO.,33 Mfrt.Tel.Bush S33.
! BRITANNICA Encyclopedia, latest edition. 31
I vols. KINO'S. «1 McAllister St.. nr. Market.
EDISON Phonograph Agency. Peter Baci-
galupl. moved to 7S6 Mission st.
ROUND camping t?nts fcr sale: cheap: some
new; 16x16. 313 Third St.: tel Main 413.
ASK for pri*#s on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
- —
SVFES and cash rertsters. new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN, 132S Market st.
SOME Toed 2d-hsnd rasollne engines, 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mkt.
• SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. S07 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post jit.
. SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
li CO.. 122 Market st.
GASOLINE engines, automobtles and launches;
all sixes. J. E. DOAK. 4t Fremont st.
A WEEK'S news for 3 eents— The Weekly C»1U
36 Ptt«»a. In wrapper, for -sa'llng. $1 par ***r
MISCEL^NEoUs^W^^r^^
BIcTprices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
mond*, gents' full drew suits, etc.; sen'l
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BRO3., S3
Stockton »t. .
, a MORRIS gives highest prices for ladies' and
gents' castoff clothing: postal. 943~Folsom.
BUYERS for Vr.il of Isils; »end one dime.
BOOK CONCERN. 600 Van Nasa ave.
' WANTED — Two-wheel cart: spring; shafts;
state price. Box 1S3S. Call office.
HIGHEST price paid for caitolt clothin*. TtL
DavU 825; W0 oacramento st.
i Tir.TOV wants good second-hand clothing and
• theatrical goods. 134 9tH St.; tal. Jessla 2S51.
DESKS bought. »oM ant exchanged. T. D.
; McCarthy Co., ST'J Mission: phor.a Bush 4«7.
•UAClUNrcUY — Roncht, Sold and Ki.
vn-R sale — I cut-off saw, 1 scroll saw, 5- inch
•ticker. 6O-H. P. ensmie. 30-H. P. boiler. ¦
FA. OE1ER. 20C5 Market st.
For Additional Classified Advertise*
menu Sec Pare Forty-Four,
BERKELEY ADVEBT'S'M'NTS
¦
BERKELEY" REAL ESTATE.
WRITE TO ELLIslTcO. for a copy of th^ir
largo new map of Berkeley; it is corrected to
d "e; rhows location of all U. C buildings,
echool houses, ertatlon», etc.; the finest fver
made of this town; we can furnish you reli-
able information as to values and are in
tn« business to bring buyer and seller fae«
to face; we do not build houses; we are not
speculators; we are conducting a legitimate
agency; here are a few among the many
good propositions on our books:
I*ear the university; fine- 13-room house;
large deeD lot: modern and commodious; $7000
for quick sale.
In the beautiful Berry-Bangs Tract; new;
8 rcoms and attic; $5000 for quick sale.
I^orth Berkeley, east Shattuck: hlsh sightly
ground; marmfleent marine view; convenient
to local station and street cars: 7 rooms;
modern; lot 60x150: windmill and tank; in
fir»t -class order; fruit trees, etc: only $3400.
South of and very close to university, near
Telegraph ave.; 2 flats of 5 rooms each and
3-room cottage: renting for $16; should bring
$50; sells for $eOOO.
Fine business corner; 250 ft. frontage on
Fhattuck ave. at Berkeley sta.: bringing about
»110 per month; paying 6 per cent net on
price. $15,500; at the rate Berkeley is building
this property will be wcrth double- in less than
two years.
In carmine Daley Scenic Park, a 8-room
house on a larce lot for $4000; a bargain.
¦-" LOTS.
We have the best thing available in lots;
for lnitsnce:
Near Telegraph nnd A*hby; r.0xlS3: for $S00.
J^ear Vine and Milvla: 4OxlC0: $700.
On Hearst ave.. next to U. <\ grounds; high
and sightly; 50x145; only $1600; worth $40
per front foot.
Magnificent corner: G0xl35; Ft-eet work all
done; in North Berkeley; for $100.
In Berry-Bangs Tract; nice lot for $ri60.
For fuller particulars, and dr.n't forget the
map, address
W. R ELLIS & CO..
2150 Shattuck avenue,
Berkeley Sta.
Telephone North 02.
$6300— AN up-to-date fine home on Dwight
„ «"ay; a corner: fully Improved.
$500— -A lot with a jrand view; only three
s b £p" tO . C * r ' : " n e " y Krade to Iot = *
$1800— Splendid corner lot In the Berry Banes
Tract; east of Telegraph avenue.
„,„„ W. J. MORTIMER.
ZLJ Center st.. Berkeley station.
* 45O^f J G . HTLY lots ln the Tuohy Tract: each
60x185: only a few left. W. J. MORTI-
MER & CO.. 2123 Center st.. Berkeley tta.
$"30— SEE that fine lot on Louisa street; all
street work done and all ln fruit bear-
Ing trees. '
SS50 — A tslendid corner on Rose Ft.; worth
$K.'Q0. W. J. MORTIMER. 2123 Center.
$3250— A FINE investment!
2 cottages now rented for $34 per month;
steady tenants; close to depot of S. P.
and Key route. Apply to W. J. MORTI-
mer & CO., 2123 Center st.. Berkeley.
/ HZZZ
BIG BARGAIN IN BERKELEY.
FINE LARCE PLACE.
RATHER THAN RENT, THK OWNER OF
THAT FINE PLACE AT CLAREMONT.
BERKELEY. OCCUPIED BY THE LATE
CAESAR YOUNG FOR THE PAST FIVE
YEARS. HAS INSTRUCTED US TO REDUCE
THE PRICE FROM $ll.C00 POWN TO 19000:
THE BARE LAND IS WORTH MORE THAN
THIS. TO SAY NOTHING OF THE HOJ'SE
OF EIGHT ROOMS. STABLE. WINDMILL.
TANKHOUSE, ORNAMENTAL TREES
OVER AN ACRE IN FRUIT TREES. FINE
LARGE MEADOW, ETC.; CLOSE TO ELEC-
TRIC CARS AND SCHOOLS.
GOOD BUYS IN ALL PARTS OF OAKLAND.
APPLY TO JAP. S. NAISMITH,
634 THIRTEENTH ST.. OAKLAND.
JOS. J. MASON.
Swiss Chalet on fine corner lot; a dream. $7099
New and complete 6-room house- 3
blocks from Berkeley station $3000
A lovely bungalow Just finishing $4(K>o
House of 6 rooms; in finest part of town.$3250
A finely finished stone, brick and slate
warehouse; leased for 5 years- 7 per
cent net $3550
60 ft. lot on Shattuck ave.: a bargain $60(>>
A fine business for sale — Just what you
want $6000
Lots of lots; the best In town and the
cheapest.
Maps of the resubdlvlslon of Hopkins ter-
race.
JOS. J. MASON,
EC. cor. Center and Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
BERKELEY PROPERTY FOR SALE BY
PHILO MILLS.
8 new 2-story shlng!ed 7 and S room houses
In North Berkeley; prices from $2S0O to $4750.
12-room houee near R. R. stations; on Dur-
ant ave.: '•Investment"; $5000; net 9^4 percent.
2 lots in the warm belt: well sheltered, yet
,a fine outlook; very cheap; $2150
Lot on Ru«sell. above Telegraph ave.; street
work all done; $1000.
Improved and unimproved property ln all
part of Berkeley.
Furnished houses to rent.
Office 2173 Ehattuck ave.
GOOD Investments near new Santa Fe.
ALL ON EASY PAYMENTS.
End cf block; 271 ft. frontage on track: two
blocks from Berkeley station $23W
Lot 25x100; 1 block from railroad J2««>
¦Lot 40xlU5; mac; within V^ block $450
Half block adjoining R. R. property $2000
Buy v/here values are Increasing.
Several hundred other lots and a number of
cheap houFes.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 1050 University av».
Near J=an Pablo ave., West Berkeley.
TWO 8-ROOM HOUSES AND ONE 5-ROOM
JUST FINISHING; STREET WORK COM-
PLETE. IF YOU WANT A BARGAIN. OO
AND SEE THEM. OFFICE ON TRACT
PARKER AND GRANT STS.. :: RLOCKS
WEPT FROM DWIGHT- WAY STATION
CHENEY & BERRY. POSTOFFICE
BLOCKJ^BERKELEY STATION.
CHANCE !n a lifetime to get a bargain like
this one; pretty 4-room. bay-window cot-
taire; fiower garden : full bearing fruit tre*»e;
chicken houses; good well of water, also city '
I water; lot 00x137; 3 blocks to station; elec-
trio cart; school: church anil storts: price :
$1250; terms, $l.Vi rash, balance $15 per
month. O. A. RUDOLPH. Lorin station
Bouth Berkeley. Or*n Sundays.
SICKNESS forces ewner to sell; 5-room cot- j
tage. with furniture, tools, chickens, etc : !
let 50x200, all fcr.ced and cross-fenced; Fome i
fruit trees; fronting on 2 streets; price $1250
cash: this i« a genuine snap. O. A RU-
DOLPH, Lorin station, South Berkeley.' Open
Sundays. ¦
FOR sale — New and nearly new houses from '
$1800 to $20,000; lots from $250 to $7000- we
caa sell you a desirable lot 3 blocks from
Dwlght-way station, sire 40x130. for $700-
will build you a hour? to suit on a. payment
of $500 down, balance monthly; before buy-
Ing, give us a call and let us show you our !
extensive list. F. H. LAWTON &. CO. 2147 1
Center st. " !
$3000 — GOOD 2-story .house, C rooms: modern ¦
conveniences; lot 4OxlP,5; street work ccm- ]
plete; $750 ca*h. balance $25 per month. In-
cluding principal nnd interest at 8 per cent:
one block and abilf from car: 5 minute*'
¦walk from station; situated at 2230 Ward
1 rt., near collece and e<;hnoli«
MORAN & SWAIN.
2131 Shattuck ave.. cpp. Berkeley station.
DON'T- purchase a home, farm or lot before
railing on or writing to the North Berkeley
Realty Company; we buy and sell real <s-
tate of all kinds; rent and care for properties;
place Insurance: make appraisements and ne-
gotiate loans; your correspondence solicited-
take broad gaujre train. Call or address 1501
Ehattuck ave.. North Berkeley, Cal.
B-ROOM cottage; 1 block from new Santa Fe
depot; high basement, bath; barn, chlcken-
house; lot 50xlCO: mr.all amount down and $10
per month. P. O. box 481. Fruitvale, Cal.
M. P. W. ALBEE. REAL ESTATE— Large list
homes, residence lots and business property;
also choice investment property, paying «5 to
10 per cent net; lowest prices and satisfac-
tion guaranteed. 2139 Center st.
MORAN & SWAIN,
Real Estate and Insurance,
2131 Shattuck ave., '
Opp. Berkeley station.
AUCTION prices: bargains ln real estate.
MURDOCH & CO.. South Berkeley (Lorin). ;
AN elegant house of 8 rooms; new; all street
work complete. If you want a bargain,
address P. O. box 103. Berkeley; no agents.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
1« pages. In wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
FRUITVALB KKAI, ESTATE.
L. L. M. SALSBURY, Exclusive Agent for
SATH12R TRACT.
Lots 40x125. $450.
Lots 37:8x125. $330.
Lots M»O-<i. ¥".i>.
Lots fiOxliiO. on 14th st. $900.
Kather station on the grounds; many cot-
tages now building. Look for the red flag.
SATHER TRACT.
Office Frultvale ave., near P. -O.
S. F. office, 520 Montgomery Bt.
OAKLAND ADVEBTISEMENT3
OAKLA.MJ^KEAL K8TATB.
HORSWILL & CO..
Successors To
GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
Real Estate Agent and Dealer.
(Membsr'of th« Oakland Real Estate- Associa-
tion.)
1002 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$800— Beautiful hill lot on Vernon Heights;
fine location.
$2500 — A snap: between Key Route and local
trains; walking- distance; 6 rooms, new,
modern plumbing; sunny; fine location;
frescoed ceilings, double parlor, tiling
around sink.
$3000— Pair of flats, 5 rooms each, bath; fine
location; near trains; newly papered and
painted, new plumbing; lares veranda;
open lawns; on sunny side of street; lot
37x125.
$70 per foot — Telegraph ave., northeast' corner;
only corner left In this vicinity; three ele-
gant residences being erected on opposite
corners.
$3500— Six large rooms; fire location: stone's
throw of Telegraph ave.; fruit trees and
open lawn.
$4750 — Including new carpets; new house •
rooms: paneled dining-room, gas and elec-
trctty; oh sunny side of street; fine loca-
tion; open lawn; lot 50 feet front: owner
going away is only reason for selling.
$3400—8 rooms; right In town; a snap; fine lo-
cation; two blocks from high school.
$4500 — Nine rooms; all modem plumbing; sepa-
rate dining-room, double parlor, gas, base-
ment, reception hall paneled in curly red-
wood, art glass, hardwood entrance; owner
will trade equity for vacant lot or East
Oakland property.
$S000— Elegant Lakeside district residence;
thoroughly modern; one block from Lake
Merrltt: hall, dining-room and staircase
In solid oak: electricity and gas: furnace;
concrete basement; surrounded by beauti-
ful homes.
$2650 — Ten-room house: modern plumbinjr.
double parlors, elegant mantel, back and
front staircase, cement basement, brick
foundation 3 feet deep; house ln good con-
dition; a snap. !
LAKESIDE DISTRICT.
1 Elegant, massive home of 14 rooms. 3 baths;
all modern plumbing; billiard and smoking
rooms; hall and parlors finished In curly
redwood: steam heaters throughout; large
attic with stage and dancing l^-ill; cement
basement: washroom and wine cellar;
large stable, with rooms for help: fine
corner lot. 100x150. overlooking Lnk» Mer-
rltt: surrounded by the beautiful homes of
A. Schilling. Francis Cutting. T. A. Cr«l-
lin and Hon. Victor H. Metcalf: price
; $11,000; cost $30, COO; great sacrifice.
$3500— Beautiful cottage of 7 rooms and bath;
Franklin St.; fine location; easy walking
distance. ,
HORSWILL & CO..
Successors To
GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
Real Estate Agent and Dealer.
(Member of the Oakland Real Estate. Associa-
tion.) /
1002 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
A. J. SNYDER.
Real Estate Broker and Dealer.
467 Ninth gt., Oakland, Cal.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
I HAVE THE BEST HOME LOTS IN OAK-
LAND TO-DAY, ON THIRTIETH AND
THIRTY-FIRST STS.. BETWEEN GROVE
AND TELEGRAPH. AND AT MOST REA-
SONABLE TERMS. THREE HOUSES NOW 1
BUILDING AND MORE TO ' START AT ;
ONCE. CALL AND GET INFORMATION AT
THE OFFICE.
$6000^ — A very choice new home In a very-
choice residence • district and at very
reasonable terms can be had In that 9-
room house that is Just finishing on Syca-
more St., near Telegraph.
$3750 — New R-rooms and bath: 40x140; 4 block*
to two Key "route stations; easy terms or
. will trade equity of $1750, all or part, for :
good lets. i
$2300 — Brand new cottage of 5 rooms and bath,
near Thirtieth and Pan Pablo.
$1750 — Bargain; cottage. 5 rooms and bath;
, lot 50x100; Thirty-seventh st.
$500 — Vacation snap; 50x135; South Berkeley
lot; on south side of Prince st., 150 feet
west of Deakln.
I HAVE A FULL LIST OF THE PROP-
ERTIES NOW IN THE HANDS OF THE
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR THAT ARE TO
BE SOLD. IF LOOKING FOR BARGAINS
LOOK AT THESE AND MAKE AN OFFER.
A. J. SNYDER.
467 NT NTH ST..
OAKLAND. CAL.
$.1750— MODERN residence, 9 rooms; cord for
renting: rooms; only 3 blocks east of Broad-
way and roar all trr.lns and electric lines.
« THE ALDEN CO.. 1233 Broadway.
$5100 — FINE residence and grounds; 9 rooms,
etc.; Alice st.; best bargain «ast of Broad-
way. THE ALDEN CO., 1233 Broadway.
A SNAP
$2250 only for a fine home of 7 rooms: half
cas-h. balance on mortgage. P. C. LASSEN &.
CO.. 406 Tenth St., Oakland, Cal.
$1020 WILL buy a nice 4-room cottage; easy
terms; location East Oakland. P. C. LASSEN
& CO.. 4titi Tenth St., Oakland. Cal.
WM. P. TODD ¦ ¦ WM. P. TODD.
1070 Bruadway 1070 Broadway,
OAKLAND.
$35CO— Broadway property; lot 75x100: 8-
room house; 3 blocks to new Key route Hne.
This is a snap.
Sr.i.ifi — Near Lorin station. Berkeley: 5-rooni
ccttage: bath, laundry; near Santa Fe; street
wurk all dene.
$;iC0 cash down. $10 per month, will buy
4-room cottage, bath, hot and cold water; one
block to San Pablo ave.. two to Key route;
price SltfOtJ.
$200 cash down. $12 per month, will buy
4 -room cottage; one block to San Pablo ave.
and two blocks to Key route; price $1500; lot
83:4x01 feet.
$2000 will build a fine cottage on 30-foot
let, 5 minutes' walk to local and electric cars,
payments l!ke rent.
WM. P. TODD WM. P. TODD,
1070 Broadway 1070 Broadway,
OAKLAND.
MANUFACTURERS AND EVERYBODT.
SEE THIS FINE BUILDING SACRIFICED.
I have for sale u large building at Elmhurst,
Cal.. a suburb of Oakland, built for a hot?l,
but too large for the place, and I have a late
crtjtr to sell It for the best price I can get.
The building is SOxlOO. feet and contains 40
large rooms; a pas plant In good order In a
bulldlr.fr in the rear, and gas and water fix-
tures all over the houte. The lot Is on the
principal stittt with street railroad in front,
and la 115x130:7 feet on Jones ave.: a cement
sidewalk 13 feet wide on two sides. It is
well adapted for any kind of manufacturing,
with electric power plant near by; or a hun-
dred other purposes to be suggested. The
owner Is a very old man and U closing up his
affairs, and says SELL for WHAT IT WILL
BRING, bee the building and rn-ke me an offer.
IRA C. JENKS.
1200 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
A PALATIAL HOME SACRIFICED]
$i:i,500, recent cost $22.000 — Perfect New
England or Eastern architecturally designed
home; modern and replete with every artistic
feature; 2-*tory: 1<> rooms; fine attic; fine
grounds; 110x200; • superb location: influential
neighbors; fine homes; most perfect warm belt
climate In Oakland; quick and, convenient .car
service to Kan Francisco; a perfect home.
MUST BE SOLD.
LET US SHOW YOU.
—LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.—'
4C0 «nd 4fi2 Eighth st..
Oakland.
$500 CASH, ?}2 monthly — Cottage of 5 rooms
and bath, cellar and basement; good barn,
stable, chicken houses, chicken runs, SO as-
sorted fruit trees, all in fine. bearing. 6 Bel-
gian hares, £<} fine laying hens, nice garden
and lots of flowers; some furniture eo«s with
place: f»3x?0: more land can be had; fronting
on main read; Randy losm noil: near elec-
tric cars, church and school ; an Ideal lo-
cality; adjoining East Oakland: awaj"/ from
fog-sand winds: price in .all $1400. Call or
send for circular, 4."5 7th st.. opn. Broadway
station, Oakland. Carriage free. H. Z
JONES. I-and Owner.
F. F. PORTER.
$3500 — Factory «ite of half block, on railroad
. and water: an extraordinary bargain: bank
mortgage $2150; will exchange equity.
$2150— 4-room cottage; barn; lot ."Ox 1C0; on
K"" Route; value sure to advance.
$2750 — 7-room. beautiful cottage; lot 40x100; on
Linden Bt.. near Sixteenth; this Is a bar-
'• . gain.
F. F.' PORTER, 466 Eighth st., Oakland.
WANTED — An automobile in part payment
for house and lot In Oakland; new; all mul-
. ' «rn. P. O. box 102. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVEBTISEMENTS
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
GILT-EDGE INSTALLMENT OFFERINGS
FROM THE OFFICE* OF
HARRY L. HOLCOMB,
. /¦ 514 San Pablo ave.
$250 cash. $30 per month, secures strictly mod-
ern home of 0 rooms; it's a beauty. ¦>
$250 cash, $35 per month, buys a very artistic
and new home ready for possession, on ter-
raced lot, between Grove it. and Telegraph
ave.
$350 cash, $35 in monthly payments, puts you
ln Immediate possession of a brand new two-
story C-room home with very large front
porch; beautifully situated; convenient to
¦ Key Route trains.
1 Cash payment or a good lot with rental month-
ly Installments secures a lovely cottage
homestead; few minutes' walk, to Santa Ffe
depot; grounds 58x233 (double frontage); ln
perfect order; Improvements modern; this is
a money-maker.
LOTS— LOTS— LOTS.
$350—oOxlS3:8; close to new Key Route.
Larce lots ln the wsll-known Roosevelt ter-
race, between Grove st. and Telegraph ave.,
fronting Thirty-seventh st.: a beautiful 60-
foot boulevard thoroughfare: $30,000 worth
of homes erected and ln course of construc-
tion; some artlstlo homes ready for occu-
pancy on easy terms; key on premises.
$750—50x200; ln elevated Berkeley; owner a
non-resident: must sell at once: at head of
and above Channinj: way and Dwight way:
nearby property selling at $40 per foot.
$2000—50x128; crown b,Ul site, matchless view
of bay and mountains, between two and
fronting artistic homes (worth $50 per foot):
close to Piedmont Key Route trains: trains
stop at Fortieth and Grove sts. and Fortieth
st. and Telegraph ave.
HARRY L. HOLCOMB,
REAL ESTATE. INSURANCE LOANS.
314 San Pablo ave.
TAYLOR BROS. & CO.,
Real Estate, Insurance and Financial Agenta.
Telephone Cedar 351. . J, ,
123t> Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$1650 — Handsome Queen Anne cottage of 6
rooms and bath; high basement; new and
nv.dern: within two blocks of Piedmont
station: this is certainly a snap, as the
; house may be had for the amount of the
¦ mortgage against it. 1242
I A REAL BARGAIN.
I $2250— Neat story-and-a-half cottage: nice ap-
pearance; 7 large rooms; high basement:
fine two-story barn, nearly new; very
laj-ge lot, 65 feet frontage; on* block from
Broadway, near 28th St.: this Is certainly
a banratii and It Is wcrth your while to
investigate it; terms to suit. 1312
! A GOOD INVESTMENT.
' $2750— Two handsome bay-windowed cottages
of five rooms and bath; C« feet frontage:
south front; income $30 per month: lo-
cated near 30th and West sts. : fine n«igh-
borhood and houses always rented; as a
Rmali Investment this cannot absolutely
he beat. 1508
I WHO WANTS BUSINESS PROPERTY?
$5000— Two neat cottages of five rooms and
bath: renting- $35 per month; between
Webster anil Broadway and 7th and 14th
sts. ; this is actually business property
KnO will certainly double in value within
the next ten years; owner needs money —
hfnee the sacrifice.
TAYLOR BROS. & CO..
1236 Broadway. Oakland.
E. J. STEWART A CO.,
IOCS BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
$1600— $150 down and thu balance. Hss than
rent, will buy you a swell cottage of 5
rooms and bath; with large lot on sunny
side of street. This property is close In
and is a bargain.
$26rO— Wii: buy a beautiful modsrn .house of
7 Tooms and bath; lot 35x140: close to 1
Key route and S. P. trains; this house j
whs built for owner and is offered at lass
than cost.
' Here is a snap— A swell cottage cf 5 rooms
tin! batlf; lot 80x140: In threw minutes'
wnlk of Key route; owner living in the
r^ast ar.d is offering his place at a sacri-
fice; rrice $1550, on easy terms. •
$2C."0 — We are offering the »wellest. most
hr-ne!Ike little cottage of 5 rooms in
Oakland: elegantly tinted and artistically
frescoed: has all the most modern con-
veniences and la a pickup at this figure.
$230 — Will place you ln possession of a modern
S-room 2-stcry house on 34th st.; the bal-
ance can be paid as rent; price $20C0.
E. J. STEWART & CO..
IOCS BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
ALDEN REALTY CO.,
51S4 Telegraph ave.; phone Black 64SI.
$350— Lot 31xll-"5; nice corner, good location;
vzi-y terms.
$375 — Lot 50x150; Ros«»lawn Tract, Claremont;
must be s»ol.l to close estate: coat $300.
• ! '. PIEDMONT BARGAINS ! ! !
$150 — Lot 57x1 2S: high grounds, fine view;
near K*y route f>pot and school.
$550 — Lot 40x115: hlsh elevation, nice neigh-
borhood: near Key route depot and school.
$950 — IKJxllS, on Echo «t.. near Rose ave.; '
musi b* sold: make an offer. /
$1750— Fir>e 2-story house. Just finished, near
Alcalraz «nd Telegraph aves.; 5 rooms, |
bath, pantry, etc.; fine view. j
$2750 — 5 rooms and bath; lot 50x150; barn, 1
chicken houses, fruit trees, etc.; Clare-
mont: must }>e sold; make an offer.
hugh xi. cameron]
NOTICE THESE BARGAINS. !
$1700 — Cottage of 5 rocms and bath; lot 25x90; j
all street work done: rent $17 per month, t
$3450 — Two new. modern flats of 5 rooms each;
corner lot, 30xW>; will rent for $.T8 per ;
month. '¦
$3200 — Four cottapes of 5 rooms each; lot 100 ¦
xlOO; near Telegraph ave. and Key Route: I
rent ;-"-2 per month; bank mortgage of ,
$22U0 can stand. :
HUGH M. CAMERON,
1138 BROADWAY. \
$1500^ — LE.SS than cost: 8-room rustic bunsa- 1
low:* 2 baths: exterior finish, including;
Porte Cohere in natural redwood logs and
klinker brick: large rooms; beam celling
in dlnlng-rcom. all paneled ln llnwood
oak; large corner lot; fine marine view:
convenient to business center, cars, local
trains and schools; terms, only $250 cash !
and $50 per month: almost new and thor-
oughly first class in every respect: cannot I
do Justice to this property ln describing it; j
it must be seen to appreciate Its low value :
and many attractive qualities. ¦
J. S. MYERS.
1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
$2SC0— REDUCED ''from $3500: magnificent 6- ;
room cottage: all large rooms; basement; '
cembtnatlon gas and electric fixtures; '
mantel tn dining-room and parlor: large
lot with driveway: first-clafs neighbor- I
hood; only 27 minutes to San Francisco by '
Key Route: terms. $200 cash and $33 per :
month: to sea thU place means to tuty It,
as It Is a much better place than this ad- <
vertlaement can de«<cribe. '.'«• v
J. S. MYERS.
1C02 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$200 ' CASH — New house. 0 rooms, near Key
route station. Oakland; must have money at !
once; a bargain. Owner. 10 Chronicle bd., S.F.
; A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
' 10 pages, tn wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
OAKLAX1) HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent— New bouse, ft rooms: near Key
route. Key at Sd 37th st.. Oakland.
. OAKLAND FCRXISHED HOUSES.
TO rent— Furnished hcuse. 0 or 8 rooms, from
July 1, one or two months. 2143 Linden St.,
Oaklsnd. : ;i
WALSWORTH ave., 410— Modern: piano; $33;
rare chance. Apply on premises.
OAKLAND nOOMS AXD IIOAItll.
FURNISHED rooms, with or without board.
(515 Eighteenth st..' Oakland.
OAKLA.ND FCKMTUIIE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the cay for bargains In TurnP
ture. H.Schellhaas.llth «t..cor.»tore.O»klaad.
MILL VALLEY ADV'RT'S'31'TS
MILL VALLEV REAL ESTATK.
TAKE a dellshtful trip to-day; «o to Mill Val-
ley; see the lots right at the station we are
felling «o fast.
Prices 5350 to $950 each.
Terms. 10 per cent cash, balance $10 monthly.
All the lots are large: grand home Rites
amidst pleasant surroundings: beautiful views
of mountains and the bay; thn climate un-
equaled: splendid eppcrtunity for an Invest-
ment; land values bound to Increase, as Mill
Valloy Is rapidly cotnlnj to the front; the new
electric road has shortened the time to 40
mlnute3 from the city; Mill Valley has all
the conveniences of the city; fine supply of pure
mountain water, good sewerage and drainage,
electric lights, store*, churche* and schools
and tn fact all conveniences; lots beautifully
wooded. Send for our new Illustrated book
descriptive of Mill Valley. We have an office
open Sundays and holidays.
LYON ft HOAO.
. 110 Montgomery st.
$50(X> — BEST lnve«n:ent ln California: 2 fur-
nished cottages; small - store: free water;
other Improvements : In redwoods: 8 minutes
from station. Address box 1CK1, Mill Valley,
. Mann County. /Wli*^
- ¦
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'MENTS
Ai,*MKH» nr.*L kstatb.
ALAMEDA 2 THE 4,
WE HAVE IN ALAMEDA THE PRET-
TIEST AND HEALTHIEST RESIDKNCD
CITY IN THE UNITED STATES.
THIS ASSERTION IS BROAD, BUT SEE
ALAMCPA AND BK CONVINCED.
TWO STEAM RAILROADS BEING CON-
YHIITED INTO ELECTRIC LINES.
ONE OF THE FINEST TOURIST HOTELS
IN THE WEST TO BE ERECTED ON OUR
I3EAUTIFUL BEACH.
we Grvr tou here this week
."HfilCE PRICES AND SHORT DESCRIP-
TlONo OF SOME CHOICE PROPERTIES.
$2250 — Here Is something; a snap; fine
hcuse of 7 room* In excellent condition; good
lmj-n on the property.
$C50r« — Swell home on Ean Antonio ave.:
crT'FtiC*!ly arranged; 8 rooms.
J35O0 — On Paru st., near Central ave., on a
.'¦it-foot lot, a modern 6-room cottage; combi-
ration fixtures and x>orcelaln tub; tiled finish:
the exterior i*j white cedar shingles; ln bonton
neighborhood and the cheapest In this location.
110.000 — Central aver.ue home of 10 rooms.
fZf£>(> — On Pacific ave.. near Chestnut St.:
re*-. Just completrd cottage of 6 rooms; lot
50x152; you can find nothicr Its equal for the
price; term*. #
Homes from $750 to $30,000.
. Building lots from $200 to $10,000.
HEADQUARTERS FOR RENTERS.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
1422 Park St..
Aiameda. Cal
EaJesn-.tn in office to-day. 8:50 a-ra, to 3 p.m.
HERE IS A CHANCE FOR EVERYBODY.
GREAT BARGAINS.
TWO NICE WATER FRONT COTTAGES
ON CENTRAL AVE.. NEAR STATION; BAR-
GAINS; LAP.GE LIST OF REALTY.
GENUINE BARGAIN.
-¦*¦-. SSxlSSk on Ualn street; nearly new cot-
tage; price $1750.
TWO BARGArNS.
5-roca cott&fe; lot 50x125; 11300. .
.'•-room cottage; lot 25x150; $1300.
FOR BALE ON EASY TERMS.
-_—
«50 DOWN, BALANCE TO SUIT.
32 LOTS,
88 :4xl25 TO 35x176.
PAI?T OF SO-CALLED FKOMM TRACT.
TWO BLOCKS FROM FIXTH-ST. STATION.
THIRTY MINUTES FROM SAN FRANCISCO,
HALF BLOCK FROM LONGFELLOW
SCHOOL.
TOH EXCHANGE FOR BAN FRANCISCO
REAL ESTATE — A MODERN * - ROOM
HOUSE IN BEST LOCALITY.
APPLY TO A. R- DENKE.
1400 WEBSTER ST.. ALAMEDA.
S2T-rr\ — CHOICE hou*e of T rooms; lot 60x150;
new ecttage of S to S rooms will be changed
to suit purchaser; located 1534 Union st.
Call cr addreas J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park st.
. FINE new cottage for sale: large yard; chick-
en-house; elegant basement. Apply to owner,
2159 Clinton ave.. between Willow and Wal-
nut ets.
ALAMEDA business property for sale; corner
lot, 2 stores, dwellings above; a bargain. Ap-
rly owner, 1231 Park st.
ALAMEDA ROOMS. •
NEWLY, furnished sunny rooms with board.
1541 Central ave.. Morten station, narrow
BERKELEY ADVERT' S'M'XTS
DEKKELEV REAL ESTATE.
A BARGAIN*
$-100 — 1200 cash, balance $20 per month. In-
cluding Interest; 5 large rooms; fine man-
td: stationary tub*; high basement; 2
block* to both trains; Eur.ny side of street;
ttrett work all done; cement walks.
$2U'A>— Nearly new 4-room cottage, all fur-
nished, new rlano; lot. 50x135; fruit trees
nnd beautiful flower garden; chicken-
houb*.. pigeon-house; half block to train;
owner ! >..-:. •
$C.VX — Kine corr.fr store with one 4-room fiat
and one 5-room flat; lot 64x100; 1 block
Irofn station; 4 enap.
J350i>— New 9-rcom house on corner lot. 50x100;
double pariore; large dinicg-room; side-
board; fine m«ntH; porcelain bath; open
plumbing; toilet up and down stairs; large
Braahrsom; - fine neighborhood; 3 blocks
m m to both trains; electric cats, stores, etc.;
VJ*> cat-h. balance $25 per month.
ISlW-'KeV 5-room c6ttage; large lot; ttreet"
work all done; 3 blocks to both trains;
$5f;o »-s«-h, balance $20 per month; place
will rent for this.
$240C — 7-room cottage, on SO- foot ftreet;% block
to cart; fruit trees.' sll bearing; good
¦refl; lot 50x140; a snap; street work all
done, including cement walks.
$oC«>— $5ov cash, bslanc* $30 per month: this
place sold for $40u0; 8 beautiful rooms
ranging from ltt to 18 ft. square; lot
Wxl35; fine- etreet; fine fruit trees; 3
block* to both trains; mutt be sold; see It.
*;•• • — $2W) cash, balance f20 i>cr month; t>
large njomt; lot 4.1x100; nr.e well and
mill: fruit trees;' only 3 blocks to both
car lines; fine neighborhood.
$200 to $<;<Xi — Street work all done: lots from
25x100 to 50x150: $25 cash, balance $5
and $10 per month.
V.\ C. MOKAN, Pouth Berkeley.
FOUR RIG BARGAINS.
$1500 — Good I>-rixim house, plastered; toilet,
• bath, fire windmill; large lot; berries and
Vegetables; ttreet wurk coznplett; 1 block
from cars. • 1
$2250 — Large a-room house, 2 stories and base-
ment; upper floor rents for $14 per month;
street work complete; on main street; lot
25x100; 1 block from Key Rcute and S. P.
station; rtrtet cars pass the door; grar.d
paying Investment; house insured fcr
$1500.
$110t> — I have a fine lot for sale at the Ehat-
tuck-ave. entrance to Idcra Park; fine
chance to cater to the baseball and picnic
crowds; no other lots fcr sale la vicinity.
$2750 — Beautiful new 6-room cottage; high
basement: gas and electricity; lot 50x135;
street work complete; handy to Key route;
fine location; $5<X) cash, $25 per month
buys this.
$C750 — A very handsome new 6-room house;
all conveniences; large corner lot: street
work complete; near S. P. and Key route
stations; $500 carti, balance $25 per
month.
C.C. EMSLIE. Aishby station: phone Stuart 709
OPEN SUNDAYS FROM 12 TO 2.
IISjO — NICE cottage of five rooms and bath;
brick foundation; tinted walls: street work
complete : cary terms. H. D. IRWIN, Lorin
Kcf.cn, Berkeley. Open Sundays.
$2250 — NEW up to date cottage; 5 rooms and
bath: hall; pantry; high basement: brick
foundation; close in; all street work done;
ra^y terms. II. D. IRWIN, Lorin station,
Berkeley. Ooen Sundays.
$2750— SEE this e!e*ant new cottare; 6 fine
rocms; bath: hall; pantry; tiled sink; tinted
"¦;.:> combination fixtures; high basement;
lot .''¦>!:. ': Ftreet work done; above Shat-
t'Jck: convenient to AFhby station. H. D.
IRWIN. Lorin station. Berkeley. Open Sun-
days. .
flCSO — NEAT cottage home of five rooms; lot
Mx!00: or.Iy $3'*) cash, balance to suSL H.
t>. IRWIN, Lorin station. Berkeley.
LOTS FOR SALE.
$450^ — Good lot; 4^x120; paved street; fine
outlook.
t*75 — Fine vrttt front lot; 50x135; on Grove.
$950— Nice lot: 40x135: east of Telegraph ave.
$!3O0 — Beautiful w*tt front cor. lot on Grove.
$2750 — Large corner; 4 good building spots;
rear Be-rryman: snap.
HOUSES FOR SALE.
$1475 — 7 r. ; lot <^ixl35; nr. Banta Fe; easy
terms.
SCOOO — d r.; new; nice; near university and
station.
$1500—8 r.; new; well built; sunny; fine
views; choice location.
$t500— 9 r. : new; nice; east of Fulton; north
of Dwight way.
$5000—8 r.: new; attractive; well built; choice
location.
$50C0— 9 r.; modern; attractive bouse; .band-
some grounds; near U. C.
LYMAN ALLEN. 2129 Center et.
WE SELL THE EARTH.
JVSTF.R & BAIHD. 2137 SHATTUCK.
NOT AS A WHOLE. BUT SOME VERY
rHOXCB PORTIONS. JP YOU ARE COM-
ING TO BERKELEY TO PUT YOUR BOY
THROUGH COLLEGE NOW IS THE TIMK.
WE HAVE MANY BEAUTIFUL HOMES
THAT CAN BK BOUGHT. MANY ON EASY
TERMS: AI.SO SOME MAGNIFICENT
BUILDING SITKS.
CALL AT OUR OFFICE AND BE CON-
VINCED.
JUSTER & BAIRD. 2137 BHATTUCK
AVENUE.
FOR t»:e— A bargain in Berkeley; a new 11.
room house; modern improvements: 1 block
from university: 2 blocks from electric train;
rnutit be sold by August; buy from owner
and save commission. O. N. KRUSCHKE,
473 12th et-. Oakland, or call at 1932 Home
St., Berkeley.
$450— LOT 60x100; east of Telegraph ave.. nr.
car line.
t -'-'''' — New 5-room ccttaFe ; high basement;
near car lln* and Key "route station.
LITTLE & WOOLSEY,
eiio Ehattuck ave., Berkeley.
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY.
.$K000.
J« ur « « most compute 8-room house with
%000 gallon-tank, barn, chicken-houses, etc.,
including about 2H acres of land. 250 varieties
or rrult trees, such as apricot, peaches, cher-
ries plums, apples, prunes and a variety of
berries; trees are about 8 years old. all in
bearing. This property is within 20 minutes-
ride of Fruitvale station, and ln a sheltered
spot. Everything we ll built and the finish
is the finest; terms can be arranged to suit
the purchaser.
$35C0.
Secures the most complete S-room house ln
Frultvale; large grounds, fruit trees and
Uirubbery of all kinds, good barn, chicken-
houses, etc. This will make you an ideal
home.
±1 $4000.
Choice C-room house, located on High street,
ono block from San Leandro cars; lot 30x150
feet; price $4000. This is very desirable prop-
erty.
$8000.
.-room house, large barn, windmill and tank:
lot 1SIMC426 feet; this is choice property and
within one block of Fourteenth street; proper
name would be a smell ranch.
»3000.
4 1-3 acres, fin- rich soil, B-room house, barn
an! ch!cken-houses, 300 fruit trees of all va-
rieties, loganberries, raspberries and strawber-
ries, etc.; stream of water along north side.
Price has been "reduced to $3000; on terms if
desired.
$2350.
Here Is a fine home near Fruitvale station,
it contains six rooms and bath; would make
a good home or investment; »«s us about it.
If you are wishing to buy smaller properties
than the above we have a large llEt from
which you may select.
Tliree-rcom cottage $575
Four-room cottace, $1100
F1\-e-rr>oin cottage $2100
Three-room, larg^ lot $1200
Four-room, large lot $li;00
Four-room, largs lot $i:«M)
Thrpp-ruorn $1325 :
Five-room $2275
SIx-rocm $2350
The above houses are all located within
walking distance of Fruitvale station, and can
M sold on very reasonable terms.
250 LOTS.
BiMIding lots ranging ln price from $125 up
to $250, all located ln and about Frultvale:
wltliln walking distance of the local train ami
"lectric cars. We make a spsclalty in the sale
of lots on the installment ulan. Would be to
your advantage to see us before purchasing a
lot, *•» prices have been reduced within the past
month.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY,
'X1R. BASSETT AND PUTNAM STS.,
Phone Ash 5S7. FRUITVALE, CAL.
— 1 _ I
*¦ ELROD & HULL. !
No. 42— $1000; 4-room house: city water: I
chicken houses; lot 75slC3: nicely fenced: o !
blocks from car line and 4 blocks from fine '
school: near new boulevard running between '
Oakland and Haywardp. !
No. 32 — $sr.O; a house of 2 rooms; city |
water; 3 blocks from car line: close to graded ,
echo<rt; lot 1CCx150; easy terms.
; No. 6 — $1100; a house of 4 rooms; well and
pump; lot 50xl5(i; this house Is new; clo$e to
car line and school.
No. 4 — $1SOO; 5-room new cottage; high |
basement; bath; pantry; stationary washtrays; 1
'i acre of good vegetable land: 2 blocks from!
car line and school; a fine place for raising !
poultry. j
No. 14— $2000; a new 5-room high basement I
cottage; Just finished; bath, pantry, etc.; lot
50x100: 4 blocks from local station; % block
from Haywards car Jlne. 1
No. 11 — $1SOO: a 4-room bungalow; new; I
bath; pantry: city water; 2 blocks from car j
line; corner lot. SCxHO.
No. 15 — $4000; a house, of 12 rooms; modern \
throughout; large barn; corner lot. 100x150;
this is a lovely location; easy terms If de-
sired.
No. 2— $6C0O; 14 acres: 12 acres In full bear-
ing fruit of assorted varieties; house of 10
rooms: good barn: chicken houses; windmill ,
and water tank; water piped over entire place; '
this is a fine location for the chicken business. ;
No. 22 — $550; chicken ranch; appliances: 300
chickens: Incubators; brooder and brooder
house: 7 chicken houses; 3 blocks from car
line; the 2 acres and 4-room cottage can be
leaped for $12 50 per nlonth. % ¦,
15 acres, close In. can b« bought cheap: very
desirable to subdivide Into large lots; this is
a good investment; a chance to make some
money.
$1000 wilfbuy 120 hogg; swill route; all nee- ;
essary tools; horse and wagon; house and 5
! acres of land for rent at $15 per month. . i
LOTS. LOTS. LOTS. LOTS. LOTS.
$12 per front foot on Peralta ave.
$1S per front foot on 27th ave.
$12 per front foot on old county road.
$10 per front foot on Bray ave.
ELROD & HULL. 1310 Frultvale ave.. Hi
blocks from local station.
: CHARLES F. LEE. Phone Vale 206.
Office One-Half Block from Frultvale Station.
$1COO — $300 cash, balance $10 monthly; house
of 6 rooms; close to Ptreet cars and echocl; lot j
50x110. ;; 1
$400 cash — New cottage of 4 rooms, bath,
pantry, high basement, sanitary washtubs;
chicken yard and houm*. fenced and cress
fenced; berry vines and flowers; near local
train and school; lot 38x125; price all told, 1
$15fiO. I
$1CCO — Fine new cottage of 4 large rooms, ]
bath, pantry, high basement, reception hall;
Dear local train and school: lot 3*xl25. j
$15 monthly and own your home; a lovely 1
5-room, bath, pantry, high basement, brick '
foundation cottage; handsomely decorated Inte-
rior; st°el tnameled bath: handsome palm tree;
full bearing fruit trees and flowers ln abun- .
dance; 3 blocks from the car line; graded
school near by, and lot 70x113; only $500 cash |
required; price all told. $1750. # ;
$M)0 cash — Beautiful, up-to-date bungalow I
cottage of 5 rooms, reception hall, bath, pantry. ;
electric lights, stationary washtubs, finest of
plumbing; near local train and school; lot 38x !
125; price nli t"ld. $1750.
$UCO cash — Fine cottage of 5 rocms, bath. |
rantry. sanitary tubs, high basement finished ;
for summer kitchen and dining-room, nice re- j
ceptlon hall; large chicken yard and houpe; !
abundance of fruit trees and flowers; close to j
rtreet cars and schools: lot 72x200; 2 frontage's; >
all for $2200; easy monthly payments. ' |
LOTS. LOTS. LOTS. LOTS. |
Just opened — Beautiful, elevated tract of 50
lots; one block from two car llnee; close to fine '
pchocl and local station; grand view of moun- j
tainn and hay; will build you a home on any ;
Hlzcd lot depired. just after your own dlius:
small payments down, balance as rent; come
and see this property and talk over your plans. ,
$75 lots ln the beautiful Rosa Lee Tract; '
fine soil; grand view; new homes raptdly going
up; no coli winds or wet fogs, and lots only ,
$75 each; *•"> down, balance $2 50 per month. 1
CHARLES F. LEE. 1222 Fruitvale ave. j
H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale Station, Cal. j
$75 — Fcr sak\ 100 lots. $75 each, only one
Mock from schoolhouse and electric car I
line: In a fine location: the cheapest lots I
In the Frultvale market. 1
$2250 — Extra goid cottage of ."> large rooms: ¦'
new an>l modern; hell, bath, concrete |
foundation, with about one acre of fine ;
Karden soil: one block from car line; j
f-asy terms If desired; this is a blc bar- '
tain. . ;
$1050 — New ccttage of 4 large rooms, all mod- !
em; magnificent view and fine neighbor-
hood; lot 33x102; street work all done;
cement walks, etc., and on car line; small
sum down, balance same. as rent. >
$925 — Very neat cottage of 4 rooms, about 3 '
blocks from Fruitvale ave. ; well and I
pump, fruit trees, etc.; lot 50xl0G; $100 1
down, balance about $10 per month. ¦
$i;;50 — Fine cottage of 4 rooms, bath, wash-
room; lot 37:6x100: fine garden; good
sewerage; only 2 blocks from Frultvale
station; terms to suit.
$2 450 — Very good ccttage of 4 large rooms,
hall, bath, porch, etc.; hot and cold
water; sewered; lot 37:6x130; on macad-
amized street; 4 blocks from school; mort- I
gage of $1200 now on the place can re-
main. 4
$1050 — Good substantial cottage >of 6 rooms,
reception hall, I* tit. mantel: all modern
and strong house; lot 50x122:0 Jo 16-foot
alley in rear; 4 blocks from Frultvale
local ftatlon: easy terms. '
$1C5O — New modern cottage of 4 rooms, hall
and bath; high basement; lot 39x125; all
•fenced: one block from school and 4 blocks
from Frultvale station.
$1875 — Attractive cottage of 4 large rooms,
hell, bath: attic all floored; lot 50x275;
' ' 1 >. ; (1 block from E. 1-ith st.; clone to station.
H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale Station.
; ; ____^
H. BARKMEYER.
120G Frultvale ave., Frultvale Station, Cal.
LOTS'. LOTS! LOTS:
Only $100 to $200 per lot: cement sidewalks
laid; streets graded and graveled: near school;
adjoining car lint; terms, email payment down,
balance on easy terms.
Chicken ranch for rent, stock and fixtures
for sale; consisting of 250 fine laying hens, 90
pullets. C5 chicks, brooder-house, new incuba-
tor: good home and spring wagon, almost new
harness, fine milch cow, all for $850; cottage I
of 4 rcoms and 3 acres of fine/ land for rent
at $10 per month.
$;W0— $ltX) cash, balance $10 per month: cot-
tage of 3 rooms: lot 75x250; good well and
pump; 4 blocks from car line; fine place tor
raising chickens.
$fl00 — Cozy cottage of 2 rooms, all. connected
with fewer and city water; lot 70x110; largs
shade trees and fruit trees in bearing; fine lo-
cation; near school and car line, ln walking
distance to local train.
$1700— Bay-window cottage of 4 rooms and
bath; all modern; cement walks; fruit trees and
flowers: lot 37V4xl2O; .1 blocks from Frultvale
station; terms if desired.
" $3000 — Reduced from $::."C0 to make quick
sale: 4 1-3 acres of fine vegetable land, about
2 acres of it In bearing orchard and Ktnall
fruits: good hard finished house of 5 rooms;
large barn and chicken houses; good well, etc.;
only 4 blocks from car line; owner is forced to
sell; would make sn elegant chicken ranch.
For particulars upply to I.PftlilOi.JjnilTi
H. BARKMEYER,
A.'car Frultvale Station. CaJ.
FRUITVALE Advertisements.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
W. E. RUDELL, REAL ESTATE,
Cor. Frultvale ave. and Washington st.,
FRUITVALE. CAL.
Office hours— 8 a. m. to 5 p. m., Sundays
¦ included.
¦ $850^ — House, 5 rooms; lot BOxSO; good well;
near school; "Allendale"; terms $100 ca*h.
balance $10 per month.
$350— Lot on Belmont ave., half block east of
Frultvale ave.: 38x127.
$000 — House. 4 rooms; lot 75x80; good well,
barn and chicken houses; near school;
terms If desired: "Allendale."
$10C0— House of 4 rooms; city water, sewer,
etc.; 4 blocks from station; nice, neigh-
borhood; half block from car Hne and
school; sre this; reasonable terms.
$2500— House of X rooms, bath, basement, etc.;
bearing fruit trees, berry bushes and veg-
etables, large etnble and chicken houses;
' lot i:>5xl45; "corner."
$1000 — Modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath, elec-
; trie lights, high basement; 1 block from
Fruitvale station; lot 50x100; $200 cash,
balance $21 50 per month. .
$i"20O — Four acres of land near the foothills.
$125O— One acre of land on Seminary ave.
$10CO — House of 2 nice rooms; lot 70x110;
"rlee location." city water and sewer.
$17C0 — New modern cottage. 4 rooms, bath,
etc.; near Catholic church and car line.
$1450— House, 4 rooms, bath, stationary wash-
tray, city water and sewer; lot 37:6x125;
close to station, school and car line;
"easy terms."
$450— Lot BOx 161; 1 block east of Frultvale
ave.; "grand view": terms $150 cash,
balance $10 p-sr month.
$3600— Beautiful new house, 7 rooms, all mod-
ern conveniences; lot 40x150; east side of
Frultvale ave.
$3500— House, 1<> rooms; "modern"; best part
of Frultva'e; lot 50x172.
¦ $CO0C — Hoiisa 9 rooms, very large reception
hall. 4 mantels, electric call bells: 3 extra
rooms lln'bhed in basement: gas and
elevtric lights: stable, large lawn, flowers
and shrubbery: grand view of bay; lot
100x150; one block from car line; "good
neighborhood."
! Large warehouse for rent; can store 100 tons
I of hay: $20 per month.
Chicken ranches st Petaluma for sale; all
prices; call for particulars.
W. E. RUDELL.
Cor. Frultval» ave, and Washington Rt,
On» block from station,
FRUITVALE. CAL.
Office open Sundays, 8 a. m. to 5 p. m.
! BNTTTSINOKR & MATTKSON
12K FRUITVALE A VH.. FRUITVALE, CAL.
PHONE BROOK U32.
1 OUR BARGAINS ARE GOING RAPIDLY: i
I THE TIME TO BUY IS NOW, IF YOU WANT
j TO GET A HOME CHEAP.
! $1000— 5-ROOM COTTAGE; lot 50x!05; near
I school and cars; owned by a bank and can
be sold on terms to suit customer; see this.
$550-^3 ROOM COTTAGE: lqt 70x120; a bar-
' train for any on* who wants a plain
i house and large lot.
i $1750— Mo.>rn HOUSE OF B ROOMS: lot lOOx
I 120; convenient to cars and school.
; $850— LARGE LOT, 70x110: Fmflll house; an
' abundance Of fruit; this will go lm-
! nifdlately, as wo have many inquiries for
I such places; near school and electric cars.
I $1SOO— NEW COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS; note
i the lot: 90x150; yhort distance from
: school and el-cctrlc cars; corner; fln« lo-
i catlpn: $400 down and balance on easy
I Installments; you can't duplicate this.
1 THESE ARE nUT A FEW OF THE MANY
BARGAINS WE HAVE ON OUR LIST. CALL
I AND SEE THEM.
WE PESIGN HOMES FOR THOSE WHO
WOULD RATHER BUY UNIMPROVED LOTS
! AND BUILD. WE BUILD AND GIVE YOU
j VALUE RECEIVED.
I WE HAVK I^TS IN EVERY PART OF
! FRUITVALE; TERMS TO SUIT.
SNETSINGER k MATTESON,
1214 FRUITVALE AVE..
FRUITVALE, CAL.
[ SPECIAL
FOR THIRTT DAY3.
! LINDA PAHK. LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK.
The terminus of 3-cent fare. Haywards cars;
! streets graded and- graveled; stone sidewalks;
I depot on tract: lots from $50 to $200; $20 cash
' end balance $10 per month: 15 blocks to local
. train; best located property on- San Leandro
j road: graded school on tract. Apply to S. S.
j AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave.. Oakland.
$2150 — NEW cottage, 5 rooms, bath, high base-
ment; modern and complete; large lot: can
¦ arrange terms. See owner corner Bray ave.
I and county road. .Frultvale. \
1 '
', FOR *ale — $2750: it cost $.':7fiO; rent* for f2O
per month: 2 cottages on lot, 40x150. Apply
i to S. S. AUSTIN, 1101 Twtnty-th'rd ave,,
! East Oakland.
i OAKLAND ADVTSWTS.
OFFICE. 101ft BHOAPWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
ACREAGE.
ACREAGE.
ACREAGE.
• 4 acre* near Oakland; fronts Hay wards electric
i line (which will noon be Key Route til- j
I rect to San Francisco); fine 2-story build- |
- ing. store and flat of 5 rocms and bath:
will make 'M lots; reduced trnm $WMX» to
¦ $.iS50; mortgage $2100; must be said. I
A SPECIAL '» BARGAIN.
$3250 — Income $(100; four dwellings: NW. cor-
I ner; 75x75; street work complete; near
local elation, schools, churches, parks.
$2500 — Pretty modern cottage; 6 and bath;
"5x120; $l(!0O mortgage; etreet work com-
I plcte; near cars and sch'jola; fine nelgh-
; borhood.
j $2250 — Knug cottage; 7 rooms: 40x157; street
j work done: near car line, upper Piedmont, i
I $1750 — Snug cottage: 0 and porcelain bath; !
; ICOxUO; choicest location In Elmhurst. !
$2000— Modern cottage; 0 and bath; 50&J05;
! sunny location; tine view; Piedmont.
$1650 — Modernized houee; S and porcelain bath:
, . corner; 50x125; street work complete;
Sl'JOO mortgase; Soth St.; quick cale de-
sired. •¦
$1000 — Modern cottage; 6 rooms; terraced lot;
."7:(ix15O: str «t work comoletc: sunny |
I sMe; barn; near car line, school; Hne view. 1
$1500 — House; 8 rooms; 60x133; street work I
, complete; near Kty Route: 40th and San
Pablo
$1500 — Neat cottafre; 4 rooms; corntr; 100x120: !
I near San Leandro road; Frultvale; easy
1 terms.
I $1150 — Neat cottage: 4 rooms: 25x150; street
1 work done: choice locality; near car*,
I locals.
$11CO — Nice cottage; 4 rooms; 4CxlOO; best sec-
tion Fruitvale; easy terms. I
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
4(i(J-»«2 Eighth nt.. Oakland.
GEORGE Hi VOSE — 1 Real Estate,
072 Broadway. Oakland.
$2.250— COTTAGE of 5 rooms and bath. In
heart of Linda Vista, and only hair
block from Oaklanct-av*. electric car
line: Investigate It; wcrth $3250; lot
60x135.
$10,000— Large 0-room 2-Hory house, right in
heart of Oakland; large lot, 100x125 feet;
look at it.
$1.300— LARGE lot. 75x1.15 feet; rljht In the
heart of Linda Vista Terraco: cheapest
lot in Linda Vista.
GEORGE H. VOSE, 072 Broadway, Oakland.
BEAUTIFUL BOULEVARD TRACT
THE CHOICEST RESIDENCE PROPERTY
IN OAKLAND. OVERLOOKING LAKE
MERRITT. SEVERAL VERY DESIRABLE
LOTS LEFT. SEVERAL ELEGANT RESI-
DENCES ALREADY COMPLETED AND
MORE IN THE COURSE OF COMPLETION
AND TO BE BUILT AT ONCE. CHEAPEST
LAND. CONSIDERING LOCATION. CLASS
I OF HOMES. ETC., IN THE CITY. "KEY
ROUTE" SERVICE DIRECT TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO AFTER JULY I. IF YOU ARE GOING
TO BUY A SITE FOR A HOME DON'T FAIL
TO INVESTIGATE THIS-i PROPERTY. FOR
FULL PARTICULARS REE
J H. MACDONALD & CO.
1032 BROADWAY,
OAKLAND.
BELDEN'8 BARGAINS. ~" ~~ '
$2500— Kine C-room cottage; right in center
of town:, best bargain ever offered; grab it
quick. ¦ '
$2400 — Good 6-room cottage on 8th st., near
Center station. ¦-.' •
•$15<H> — Extra choice, finely elevated lot, 3ax
100; corner Filbert and 10th sts.; elegant sur-
roundings. -. ¦-..'.-¦
¦ $lf,00— Cheapest- lot In Adams Point Tract;
50x120; tunny and lies splendidly. •
$400 will buy a 25x127 lot on Adeline St.,
near lstli and new City Park. . ' - ,y
$500— Lot OOxl'JO on north side 43d St.. near
Grove st. ¦, ' . . -
$.'J4 i>er foot— Think of It! 60- foot lot on
Jones St.; bet. Telegraph ave. and Grove St..
-izhx. in the heart of town.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 20, 1901.
44
j L«'- ».\i. Htil ; (.-. • ion \ m.K— t »«*-
A. CAMERON & CO., Phona South 1050.
3 Eddy st. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Roomlng-hcruses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
82 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years* lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything in
first-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; If run
' transient can clear $30O to $350 per month;
here is best proposition in city; price $3200.
90-room new modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house;' cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped in city: 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furaltur*; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
108 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run in conjunction If desired;
rare chance for right parties; part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of the house; other busi-
ness interests demand immediate departure.
18 rooms; rent only $75; well furnished
little apartment-house; reduced to $1250.
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric- eUvator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys in" the city.
7-room modern flat, close in, well furnished,
cost $600, at bargain If sold at once; $300.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house
in city; clearing now $300 per month: every-
tldng first-class condition: will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city.
17 rooms; rent only $70; fine little apart-
ment-house; sickness; must sell; snap; $700.
12S rooms: cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished:
clearing $500 to ?60rt per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
14 rooms; rent only $57: oak furniture; good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $900.
105 rooms; cheap rent; first-class, up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $330 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
75 rooms; grand new building: elegantly fur- ,
nished: cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close In: :
clears $400 per month: $4000 down, balance S
per cent per annum: departure.
24 rooms: rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished: oak ana mahogany; fine proposition;
_ood lease.
180 rooms; grand, new. modern nparttnent-
house: elegantly furnished and equipped: cheap
rent; fine lease; paying: $500 to $600 per month:
close in: full nice people; bargain If taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
2£ rooms: elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob j
Hill: doing fine business; will trade for* large
apartment-house and pay cash difference. "
Large list of real estate, mominii-hous??
and business, for exchange or 'trade, always on
hand. A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
MARION g'uIFTIN.
400 Hearst bldg.. over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
Rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
37-ROOM apartment-house: north of Market;
corner: most elegantly furnished In golden
oak and blrdseye maple: heavy velvet car-
pets; 5-year leasehold. MARION GRIFFIN.
100 ROOMS; new and modern; 8-year lease:
income $1097 monthly; expenses $639; profit
$4">S; doctor has ordered owner to Arizona;
It's a first-class bonafide house.
MARION GRIFFIN.
17 ROOMS; near St. Francis Hotel; Income'
$114 over rent: well furnished.
* 'MARION GRIFFIN.
10 ROOMS on Van Ness ave.; rent $60; profit
$ian monthly; suitable for a refined lady;
make an offer to MARION GRJFFIN.
2« ROOMS; $1200. See MARION GRIFFIN!
for a blgr snap; quiet, full, respectable.
1 20 ROOMS: near Market Et. ; $600; lease; elec-
tric lights; chance for some one.
MARION GRIFFIN.
14 ROOMS, near Eddy and Hyde sts.. for
$250 down and $10 monthly. It is clean; It
is nice; the rooms are large and It is a big
bargain. MARION GRIFFIN,
40 ROOMS, near Leavenworth and Sutter sts. ; i
in fine condition; lease; big bay-window |
rooms front and back: profit $150 month;
fine business for any high-class lady. '
MARION GRIFFIN.
SI ROOMS for $4000: profit $240 monthly:
wide, airy halls; large sunny rooms: men
roomers; owner can make $1000 earn $500
monthly in another business.
MARION GRIFFIN.
10 ROOMS. $300; worth $700: 8 rooms fur-
nished; all rented; north of Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN.
30 ROOMS with elegant furnishings; fine cor- \
ner on Sutter st. and clearing $175 monthly; ;
high-class roomers. MARION GJilFFIN.
22 ROOMS: SE. corner; house, nicely furnished:
absolutely respectable; full of steady room-
ers: rent only $5 per room; clears over $75
every month; now if you want a good home
and a paying business at a bargain get full
particulars at once of MARION GRIFFIN.
LODGING HOUSES WANTED.
IF" you have a good lodging-house or board-
ing-house In San Francisco for sale, about
40 rooms, address box $03, Call office, _s I
will be in the city in a few days and desire
to locate.
CARPET HE ATIXG AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal; carpets and rugs are also '
cleaned by compresned air at shop; prices ;
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co., 308 Marketvst; phones Main 152 and ¦
Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDINQ'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
tng Works, 355-357 Tehaoia nt, Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth st — First-class
carpet deanlnr. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison st; Al cleaning; 3c Tel. Mission 223.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works,
333 Golden Gate avs. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 -Howard; tel. SouUiJjia.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH A CO., carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ROSCOE. 17 — Cottage of 5 rooms. $9; Mlsslon-
st. cars to Crescent ave., on to first street
to right.
COTTAGES KOK SALES.
$2700 — A BEAUTIFUL 5-room and bath cot-
tage: bra-id new; basement 11 feet; can be
arranged for fiat; on Harrison St., between
Twenty-sixth and Army.
COTTAGE for sale cheap; 5 rooms and bath;
easy terms. Apply 333 Eddy st.
CURES RTTPTUIII!.
HUNTER'S Positive Rupture Holder. $10; no
'discomfort. 1206 Market st.: send for circular.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown, $3 50; fillings, 60c;
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates mad* over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c: gas given.
DR. KNOX. dentist, now located at the
Grant Building. 1095 Market. 2d floor: all
first-class dentistry at low prices.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surKeon-dentist,r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market cor. O'Farrell.
Paris Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $_ up; fllllngs,25c.
FREE examination with chart at th* New
York Dentists. 969 Mission st, SE. cor. 6th.
GOLD fillings. • 75c; silver. 35c: crowns. $2; no
pain: open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Suttr.
•DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
SUCCESS! SUCCESS! SUCCESS!
MCDOWELL'S oldest and most successful
schocl, always in the lead because we give
the best system ot dress-cutting: thorough
instruction In every de't and good-paying po-
sition; I only mil!incrya*usinecs course; pat-
terns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Market
MISS CAMPBELL. 779 Bush st, phone Black
_9S0 — Swell gowns, coats and shirtwaist suits;
work guaranteed; prices reasonable.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure: eve. class. 1019 Mkt,
Accordion, sunburst and knlfe-plaltlng. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Tajlor.
CHURCH SERVICES.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, Van Ness ave.
and 6*cr___ento et — Rev. William Kirk
Outhrie. r»«tor. Services 11 a. nr. Sermon
by Rev. George G. Eldredge. The Ono
Hundred and Sixteenth General Assembly
of th* Presbyterian church. At . :45 p. m.
the pa-tor m-lll preach. Sabbath-school. 8:40
«. in. Christian Endeavor. 6:30 p. m.
Wednesday, fc p. m.. midweek service. All
are cordially Invited.
WESTMINSTER Presbyterian Church, corner
Webster and Page ets.— Rev. Herbert E.
Have pastor. Morning ferric* at ll.o clock.
Sermon bv Herbert E. Hays. Theme. "The
Comfort of the Holy Spirit." Evening serv-
ice at 7:45. Sermon by Herbert E. Hays.
Thetne. -Three Ways of Going Astray.'
Sunday school at 8:43 a. m. Christian En-
deavor 6:45. Prayer meeting every Wednes-
day evening. Pastor's residence. 063 Wal-
ler «t .
TmNITY Presbyterian Church, corner Twen-
ty-third snd Capp sts.— Pastor, Rev. Ed-
ward K Strong. Divine worefelp at 11 a.
,-n and 7:«5 p. m. The pastor will preach.
Kvenlng subject "William Carey, the Father
ot Modern Miesions." Bible school at noon.
Endeavor Society at 6:45 p. m. Strangers
welcome to all service..
FIRST United Presbyterian Church, corner
Golden Gate ave. and Polk et— Preaching to-
morrow. Sabbath, at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p.
m by th# pastor, H. H. Bell. D.D. Morning
theme "Knowledge and Liberty." Evening,
theme! 'The Challenge." Sabbath school at
0-45 a m . C. E. Societies at 5:30 and 6:30
T>" tn.' Strangers cordially invited to all
fervice*. Pews free. Courteous ushers. Come
and bring your friends. .
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Jack-
son and Flllmore ets Rev. John Hemphlll.
D. D.. pastor. Morning service at 11 o'clock: ;
sermon topic. "The Church — Its Name, Alms .
_-.d Claims." In the evening at 7:45 o'clock :
there will b* a rr-is* «ervice with brief ¦
f.ddress by the pestor. Sabbath school at ,
!>:S9 e. m.. orchestra music. Christian En- j
<5ea\or meeting at 6:30 p. ra. Prayer meet- .
ing Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. All ar* i
cordially Invited. I
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan sts. —
Rev. John Stephens, the pastor, will preach j
st II a. m. en "Tlest by Learning." and at |
7 :45 p m. on "Choofc'.ng a Leader." Sunday |
school at 12:S0 p. ra.. C B. Perkins superin- j
tendent. Ep— Or__ L*_ru» at 6:45 p. m. A j
cordial welcome to all the eervlc«s of this)
church.
- CENTRAL M. E. Church. Mission *t. between
Sixth and Seventh— The pastor. Rev. George j
W. White, rrill preach at both services to- i
day. Services at 11 a. m. snd 7:30 p. m. -,
fiun_ay-»jhool at 12:45. P.o!la V. Watt super- ,
lntendent. Young people'* meetings lit 6:15. j
Church is -rithln easy pcress of all _t>wntQ-.n j
hotels. Good music. s?«-au fre*.
FIRST Congregational Church, comer Post and
Mason us.— Rev. George C. Adams, Vt>..
r_tor will preach at both services. At 11 I
n m..' tori<\ "The Wickedest City In the |
World." At 7:45 p. m.. monthly eervlc* of
ecng; special music by the choir. Samuel D.
Mayer, organist and director; address by the
pastor topif. "The American Idea — Educa-
tion for All." All are cordially Invited.
TRTNITY Church, Bush and Gough sts. — Rev.
Frederick W. liampett, D. D.. rector. Holy
communion. 7:30 a. m. Sunday-school. 9:30
a. ra. Morning *«"rvic*. 11 o'clock. Even-
Ing rrajer, 4 o'clock. The Rev. James j
Huln*. minister in charge, will preach at
both services. You are heartily Invited.
FIRST Br.ptist Church. H25 Eddy St.— Rev.
Joseph B. Travis of Rochester. N. Y., will
preach nt 11 n. m. and 7:30 p. m. Bible
school at 12:30 p. m. -jThrtstian End«>avpr
Socirty. 6:30 r. m. Midweek prayer service
Wednesday. 7:45 p. m. All are cordially
invited to" the above service*. Sweats free.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist, On tral j
block. 223 Putter st . bet. Krarny and Grant
f>v«v — Ohristian Hclence service at 11 a. m.:
Fubjeci of lessen -sermon. "God"; Sunday-
F<'hr»ol for «-h!lrtren »t the fame hour; Wed- I
nrsday evening meeting 'at 8 o'clock: free |
}*_<! ing-room. 206 Keerny tt., rooms 509-510;
all are welcome^
JERRY McAULEY Mission. S24 Howard et—
Itevival eervlees a» follows: This evening at
7:45 o'clock. Cbarle? Montgomery, president
Oaltfomis Prison <"ommi5sion. will epe_k on
••Reconciliation, or Salvation for Enemies";
Monday everinr. Mrs. E. G. Humphries, j
missionary for <"alifornia Prison Commission, i
Tklll conduct the n*rvlc~: Tuesday, We_n<>8- |
day. Thursday and Friday Fverings. by Rev.
C C. Herrictt. All are earnestly invited.
cape-tally the friendless. "What a friend
-te bave in Jcrus."
A GREAT mass-meeting for men. will be held
to-day at the Young Men's Christian Asso-
ciation auditorium Mason and Ellis ets.
The Claflin University eclored students will
sing M-veral elections cf their unique music.
Mr. J. S. Titchnor, on«- of the Army Secre-
taries of the International Committee of New
York Ots\ will deliver a short address. All j
re«t* in the handsom* auditorium will bo
fre* to men. Come early and secure a good
seat.
THE Thewoj.hiral Society— Col. .11. S. Olcott.
rrpsidfrt-founder. Headquarters Arademy of
Sciences building. 619 Market st. Public
lecture at K p. m. by Miss J. C Brodle ;
e_bj««rt. "'Our Polar t-ystem." Study class
Thursday. 2:30 p. m.
MEETIXGS^ Sl'XDAY. j
MME. XOOVCT8 genuine ppirit messages to- i
night. 10c. cia McAllister. All private
r^adinrs daily. 760 Central ave., 7th-st. Bta.,
Alam«5a. narrow gauge. j
MRS. fTODDARD'S seano>s. 10c; in future, j
23o; genuine phenomena: tests to all; sittings ;
Sunday, Tuesday. 278 Ninth 6t. ,
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. !
Clairvoyant trance. buFlness medium and |
life reaJ^r. 12OU Market St., Gait House.
PERKINS' spirit _«l meeting. 7:45. Scottish '
Hall. Larkin; eubject, "Cheerfulness"; mu- ;
eic and tests.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 339 McAllister St.— Mrs. C. !
J. Meyer; tit. daily; tests to all every ev.; 10c. .
MRS. IIARJ.AXCS CTC-rfnc circles; to-nlirht '¦
10c. 14S f=i_th. Prophetic business readings. ]
W G. KEEGAN hold" test seances every night
exc-pt Sat; 10c; fit. 10 to 5. 14S Sixth st.
THSTS— 909 Market. 2-S Wilfon. Von Walt.
Waltman; f> Dr. Cowan. Harsrave; 10c.
MME. VIOARS' spiritual test meeting to-
night. 10c; tctts to all. 14S Sixth st.
MRS. HOVET holds a test circle to-night, 10c,
8 o'clock. T.I8B Octavia Ft., near Fell.
~ SIXDAV LECTURES.
__ — r ,
"NOW" lecture, Henry Harrison Brown. Sub- j
Ject, "Our Anniversary-." To-day Is the an- j
ntverrary of three important events — "Now" j
folk, the corslnc cf Mr. Brown to the city, '
and. lart but not lea>t, Mr. Brown's birth- I
day. The Fpeaker df-fclres all his friends to :
come out on this occasion. Social greeting j
from 7 to fc r>. m. Le«-ture begins at S ;
p. m. Pr^olal col!«-ction will be taken. Me- I
mortal Hall. Odd Fellow.' building. Market j
*t., near Seventh. i
O. N. OR LOW lectures this (Sunday) evening, !
in Golden Gate Hall «uj«per). C29 Sutter St., i
the c-ontinufd topic. "The Religion and Cus- j
torn of Tibet," from jwrsona! observations, j
Instrumental and vocal solos. Admission free. ,
"LAWS <;f th- Puychic Realm." lecture, lllus- ¦
t re ted by faces present, h Mon. eve.. Van ;
Auken Oxygen Inrtitute. Sl.Wan Ness ave.. .
r.car EHis «.; 10c: a limited class In psychic I
laws is forming, of pure psychics.
AP.THfR MORROW LEWIS' iY*H deliver two
lecture? In thj Carmen's Hall. Sunday. July
3. •"Socialism and fr'pencerian Evolution."
Sunday, July 1ft. "Socialism and Darwin-
iFm." Stucents invited. Free.
CARMEN'S H_;i. S10 O'Farrell. to-night at S.
Soriallrt meeting. J. Andrews. Subject,
•"•Moral Concept*." Free.
£O*]JALIST meeeting. Tur--*t. Temple, 117
Turk. Thursday. 8 p. m. Guod lecture and
music. Free.
MEETIXG NOTICES. "
SHELL MOITND Park. Berkeley. .
MONDAY. July 4, 1904. the twen- CA JSAj
ty-thlrd grand annual gathering >£».Xj_r
and games Scottish Thistle Club.
The greatest exhibition of Scottish and other '
sports evrr before witnessed on this coast,
participated in by the greatest athletes of
the »,-orld. Games for all nationalities, open
to -II comers. Introduction of new features.
Three thousand dollar* In cash prizes, be- .
_lde« han-some and costly medals for ama-
teur events. Don't fail to witness the great
Irish Jig and reel and Cakewalk contests.
The imuK'ng obstruction, three-legged and
*ac»: r*c«rs. beautiful and picturesque High-
land dancing by expert men. women and
chlldr-h. exciting bicycle and foot races.
rreat challenge tug-of-war contest. Clan Fra- |
kt v_ Thistle Club, special event for 3 p. !
m • dancing in both pavilions throughout the
rn'tir- day and night: magnificent dltplay of .
fireworks in the evening. Let everybody j
come Amusements in abundance for all.
Music by fli~st-c!ass bands and corps of p!p-
*rs. Adlnitilon to the park, adults (day). 1
50 cer.ts. <n!ght) 25 cents: children (day). 25
<*nts. <nlght) 10 cents. PfrUes in Highland
costume admitted to park free. Buy your
ferry tickets for Shell Mound. Great High-
land welcome for all. j
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Roral Chief, i
A. U. CARLIgLE3tccorder. '. ¦- ¦
MODERN Woodmen of Amertca.Good-
fellowship Camp -C33. M. W. of A.. |_V/.|
meets rvery MONDAY NIGHT at IJ/v
Fraternity Hall. 9<J9 Mark'.t st. San if 7
Francisco. W. H. EDWARDS. V.C.
W. J. ELLIOTT. Clerk; office, room C27
Ca.u:a EfrecLeis building.
' ABOPTIO-T. _____
GIRL baby wanted for adoption: boy baby is
In want of a good home. DR. EMELIE
FUNKE, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
CTOTHHrO BEHOVATHTO. ;
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; ncouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis St., room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver fre*.
COLLICTIOW OTPIOES. _ ' . _
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made; '
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. . Main 65S0.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $3500; BEER ball; choice location; 3-year
lease; rent $75; net rent $25; fin* business;
elegant fixtures; choicest stock ot wines,
liquors, etc. See R. G. WILKE. 26% ICearny.
A— $450; ROADHOUSE; 4 rooms; dance ball;
6-year lease; splendid business opening. Se*
R. O. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $1500; SALOON In wholesal* district; rent
$50; estab. 25 years; a good-paying saloon
and fine fixtures; value In sight. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st.
A— $3500; CORNER saloon; close to Sutter st;
place estab. years; doing an excellent busi-
ness; lease; rent $116; net rent $48; elegant
fixture*. See R. G. WILKE, 28'., Kearny. |
A — $15,000; BARROOM; owner nsver clears
less than $1000 per month; location and busi-
ness can't be beat. See R. G. WILKE. 2- 1 .'
Kearny st.
A— $800; PARTNER wanted In offlc* of raanu-
, facturer's agent; a first-class offer for good
man; $500 to be Invested In business; office
clears about $250 per month. Ee* R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $2200; ROADHOUSE! Roadhouse! Road-
hcuse! With 13 furnished rooms; rent $40;
lease; a first-class paying resort. Se* R. G.
WILKE, 2614 Kearny st.
A — $3500; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery st, vicinity of
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
count of ill health of owner. Bee R. G.
WILKE. 26;j Kearny Bt.
A— $450: BARBER shop: 3 chairs; best location
In the Mission: rent $15. See R. G. WILKE.
26Vi Kearny st.
A— $600; CHOPHOUSE and coffee saloon, opp.
cable house; place estab. years, with steady
and transient customers; owner clears about
$175 per month. See R. G. WILKE, 26}_
Kearny st.
A— $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
rooms, \ltchen and dining-room. 87 beds,
good furniture; lease; place paying well. Se*
R. G. WILKE. 26M Kearny St.
A— $2000; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis ai*l
Stockton sts.; rent $160; leas*; place estab-
lished years; first-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A — $375 cigar stand, transfer corner: rent $29;
good paying place. R. G. Wllke, 26*£ Keamr
$400 — NICE clean office business; light work:
good? Mil highest claes business firms; no
accounts to carry; have already arranged
that large profits, quick sales can be made;
Immense business; will guarantee $600 clear
Inside four months. Call room 34 Donohoe
building. 1170 Market St., city.
$900— THE best mon-?y-maklng opportunity
open to-day; office business; control Pacific
("oast; easy-selling specialty; want active or
f-llent partner; will guarantee $150 month;
come ready talk business if have cash. Room
34 Donohoe building. 1170 Market St., city.
THE best opportunity on the Paclflo Coast:
$1000 cash required to lncr»-ase business; all
cash sales; will guarantee $150 month to live
man who will attend office or outside sales;
business will pay $3000 year easily to worker.
Call rm.34 Donohoe bid., 1170 Market st.,clty.
$350 CASH secures half Interest business that
v-ill pay better than - $7- monthly; large
profits; easy .work; business entirely with
best class people; Investigate. Room 34
Donohoe building, 1170 Market St., city.
WANT $1000 for one year; put Into reputable,
reliable business; will pay share of profits,
fair Interest and return entire capital, or will
take partner. Call room 34 Donohoe bldg.,
U70 Market st., city.
WANT active or silent partner with .cash
capital. $1000, to finance best money-making
business on the coast; exclusive control; large
profits; can be made Immense business. Call
room 31 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market St., city.
THE opportunity presented whereby for few
hundred dollars, with or without services,
you can net from $75 to $150 monthly; guar- j
anteed. Call room 34 Donohoe bldg., 1170 i
Market St., city. \
IF you have Idle money to* Invest In clean,
straight business, paying large profits. Call
room 34, Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market St., city. |
SOME stock In the Pinal and Brookshlre oil !
wells, which are producing large quantities
of high-grade oil and selling to the Standard
Oil Company at from 65c to 75c; the most ,
promising oil Investment, perhaps. In the
State. For particulars apply to «
W. E. BARNARD, 476 Tenth st., Oakland.
FOR SALE — Oakland Crematory stock.
Already paying dividends in March, May and
June, 30c each month. '
S. P. milling stock; pays 60c per share
monthly and has done so for over 10 years;
these two above the safest and best paying
stocks in the market.
Some other attractive Investments. Call on
W. E. BARNARD. 476 Tenth st.. Oakland.
DON'T work for others: be your own boss;
learn the real estate business and start In
for yourself; we make you our special rep-
resentative and teach you the business by
mail; we furnish large list of salable property
and assist you to* earn from $2000 to $5000
annually; writ* for free booklet and particu-
lars. H. W. CROSS &. CO.. 204 Tacoma
building, Chicago.
$1000 FOR $60— Do It now; a chance In a life-
time; if you can Invest $60 as follows: $10
• cash and $5 a month; It will bring you $1000
cash or $6 Income a month; postal will bring I
report. DE LEON CO., 438 Douglas block, I
Los Angeles, Cat.
$8500— CHEAMERY; monthly receipts $2500; I
expenses $465: fine business; excellent loca-
tion; best trade; must sell on account of
other business; will give terms If necessary.
Address box 1228, Call office, Oakland.
$1500^ — PARTNER: new factory; best opportu-
nity ever offered; $5000 to $7000 a year clear;
nothing ilke It on the coast; profits Immense;
part real estate taken; country managers
wanted. Box 1242, Call office.
A — $200; PARTNER in light business, suited
to steady man satisfied with $15 to $30 a
week; trial given before buying. 47 Geary
st, room 6.
FOR sale — $4000; long established, well paying
hardware business; owner willing to Instruct
purchaser. 1535 Seventh (Webster) st., Ala-
meda.
STOCK or bond Issue of reputable corpora-
tion, mining or Industrial, wanted; have every
facility for selling samo on commission; give
particulars. P. O. box 1463, New York City.
PARTNER— Lady or gent with $300 to buy
half Interest In a sole agency for California;
active partner preferred; good Income guar-
anteed. Box 1359. Call office.
GROCERY and bar In Hayes Valley for sale;
cash trade; new and clean stock of goods;
fixtures and cash register, etc.; low rent.
¦?' Box . 1022.' Call office.
HOTEL for sale or lease to a responsible
party: located in a lively/ business town about
CO miles from San Francisco. Address box
1006, Call office.
WANTED — Young man; reference; first letter;
Investment $650: good position; safe" Invest-
ment; salary $80 per mo. Box 1275. Call.
GROCERY and liquor store In the Mission for
sale; price $1100: average cash sales. $21
per day. Particulars box 2543. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS delicatessen store with tables
for serving meals; best location in city and
a good trade; price $700. Box 2584, Call.
N,E\\* mail order plan; 600 circulars brought
$198; money still coming; write with stamp.
HILL BROS.. St. Louis, Mo.
PARTNER. T~"
$600 secures position manager office and
income $200 month. Box 1356. Call office.
WANTED — To buy a coal and wood yard; es-
tablished and in good location. Address Box
837. Call office. ¦
FOR sale cheep— Barber shop: 3 hydraulic
chairs: fin* mirror case; good condition. J.
G. Bondl. 97 S.Mkt.-San Fernando, San Jose.
FOR sale — A well-established boarding-house
of 8 rooms; Income $7 per day. Phone Page
cy- . /
FOR sale — First-clans country hotel. For In-
formation apply P. O. box 186, Guerneville,
Sonoma County.
$350 — DELICACY and grocery store: near
Market St.; Uvlng f rooms; lease. 91T Market.
BULLETIN route for sale. Address 2215 Pin*
st.. city. ' . ¦ •¦¦¦¦¦-.-¦
SALOON license for sale. Box 3507, Call of-
flee. . ¦ . ¦ • ¦
CIGAR stand for sale; good location. Box
S508, Call office. ¦ : ¦ -
WANTED — To buy a restaurant; not over $650
Address box S55S. Call office.
AGENTS^ — Qulcic selling specialties; large
, profits. Western Mfg. Agency, 916 Market.
BALOON for sale. Apply 21 Pacific St., be-
tween Davis and Drumm,
EMPIOVJIF^T WANTTCP-— PTCMALW.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes * position
as companion or as children's nurse, or
travel with lady: good seamstress; «P«*ks
French and English; best of references. Ad-
dress 56d Sixth «t.. Oakland. •'
DP.E_s5MAKER— Ladies* coats and tailor suits,
evening gowns: cutter and fitter; few mor*
engagements out by the day or week; will
do work at home. MISS BARSS. Sherman
House. ~-S Eighth st.
I INTELLIGENT business woman. 14 years'
experiencee. desires situation; retail store.
sewing machinee, real estate or other offlc*:
salary only; references. Address box 1235.
Call office.
A FATHER wants a place in the country for a
girl 14 years old to tend to child or assist la
light housework In exchange for her board;
_ strict American , family. Box 1128. Call.
SITUATION wanted — By refined, well-bred
woman, as managing housekeeper and musio
vov*rne*s; very competent. Address box
117». Call office. ___
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes engagements;
surgical or confinements; reference; reason-
able, careful prudent, economical. Call or
address MRS. MERRITT. 127 Seventh st.
DRESSMAKER*— Good cutter, fitter and de-
signer, would like a few more engagements
by the day; terms Veasonable. Address box
1265. Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED lady would like situation
as housekeeper for ehlerly couple or to tak»
care of Invalid. Address MARY BAKER.
968 Mission St. .
i SITUATION wanted — As companion or govern-
ess by an educated young lady of musical
attainments; ample references. Address box
1177, Call of flea.
WANTED — By a young, refined American
lady, position to assist a lady with house-
work: sleep at home. Address L. B.. 10-2
' Larlcln st-
A COMPETENT American woman wishes work
by day: fine flannel washer, laundress and
s\Sreer*r: $1 25 and carfare: best reference*.
873 Mission St., corner Fifth.
WANTED — By an experienced, reliable wo-
man, a few mere ladies' and gents' fine un-
derwear to wash at home. MRS. PIERSON.
420 Minna st.
A~COMPETENT. refined, middle-aged woman
destres light position, working housekeeper
for two: good home main object.- Box 1130.
Call office. -
A COMPETENT, refined, mlddla-aged woman
desires light position, working housekeeper
for two: good home main object. Box 1130;
Call office.
COMPETENT nurse wishes engagements; con-
finements. Invalids; cheerful, painstaking:
moderate terms; references. MRS. KIN';,
917 Uoary st.
LADY wishes position to act aa housekeeper
for a co-operative gentlemen's club; good
cook; recommendations . exchanged. A-drest
box 1220. Call office. Oakland.
A RELIABLE woman with a boy 8 years. t-»
rto houseworlt: no objections to country. 31
Lafayette St., rear. bet. Eleventh and
TwVlfth.
A FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishea work by
the day at home; $2 and lunch. 27B Fearl
St.. between Market. Valencia and Thir-
teen th.
A— FRUIT-PICKING, country, wanted by two
young women. 3-4 Mason St.; phone Black
2396.
YOUNO woman with references wishes hous»-
cleanlng to do by the day; $1 6O per day and
carfare. 76U McAllister St.. basement.
YOT'.-TG lady desire* position at springs; small
salary. Address L. H., St. Clement Hotel,
Fourth and Ciem'nt sts.
YOUNG lady wishes position as assistant to
lady at summer resort. Address 67l!j Har-
rison st.
GERMAN girl wants position with American
family to do light housework; state wapa.
Box 113I-. Call of flee.
EASTERN woman wants situ-tlon; good cook.
baker, laundress; sleep home; or day work;
references. Address Cook, box 1200. Call.
COMPETENT, willing woman wants work by
the day; washing. housecl'*anlng; $1 60 per
Uay. 41 Eleventh st.
A GERMAN girl, first-class cook, wages $4"-
$45. wishes a position in country. Address
box 118_, Call office.
WIDOW with two children, ages 2 and 3 years,
wishes housekeeper's position In aged party's
cr couple's Lome. Box flS.1. C_il ofUee.
YOUNG lady, experienced stenographer, with
knowledge laf bookkeeping, desires a position
as office assistant. U>x 1181. Call office.
; WOMAN wants work by day or weefc: Is a
good plain cook; in restaurant or housework.
«$O Howard st.
BY a middle-aged New England, woman, as
cook: city or country. Call or address Cook.
SSI O'Farrell St.. near Taylor.
COLORED woman wants ladles' and children's
washing at home; price moderate. Call 'M
Mint ave.
A WOMAN wants sweeping or chamber work
by the day or hour; 20/ cents an hour; writo
or call. 864S Mission st.
! A WOMAN wants work by th* day, washing]
Ironing and house cleaning: $1 25 a day and
carfare. Box 1317. Call office.
YOUNG woman wi3hes work by the day, wash-
ing, ironing or housecleaning; $1 50 Uay.
Call 1 Mission court, near Fifteenth st.
YOUNG lady, experienced stenographer, with
knowledge of bookkeeping, desire sa position
as office assistant. Box 1032. Call office.
WIDOW with tw§ children, ages 2 and 3 years,
wishes housekeeper's position In aged party'!
or couple's home. Box 3587. Call office.
GOOD cook and breadmaker wants housekeep-
er's position In the country. Call or address
six days. &J4 Page st. MRS. BELL.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a position to do
general housework in small family. Inquire
617 Vallejo st.
MOTHER and daughter with a small baby
would like domestic position; lately from
New York. 832 Turk st.
ELDERLY German lady wishes position as
housekeeper: good home, small wages: in
country. 22S Perry st.. bet. 4th and 8th.
YOUNG lady wishes position .as stenographer;
two years.' experience. Address box 1312.
Call office.
WOMAN with a little child would like to do
general housework In a respectable family
of two people. Box 1232. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation, city
or country: not afraid of work; willing and
obliging. Address 13a Third St.. room 2.
WANTED — Position as errand girl or take. car*»
of baby a few hours a day. Apply 005
Kearny st.
YOUNO lady stenographer and typewriter de-
stres position: has experience and references
Address M. B.. 2053 Fifteenth st. "
COMPETENT young woman wants position as
a lady's maid In the city or to travel. 2023
Flllmore St., near California.
A NEAT colored woman wishes work by ths
day; wages $1 50 per day. Address 703 Val-
lejo st., room 20.
FINE stenographer. Spanish. English, best
references, wants substitute or job work.
Box 1331. Call office.
A COMPETENT young woman destres house-
work and cooking la a good family Box
1329. Call office.
YOUNG German girls wants situation rn pri-
vate family to do light housework. ADDly
1032 Mission st.
LADY with small child would assist with light
housework for room and board- city or
country. 4317 Eighteenth st. __t - -
WOMAN wants work by day. washing and
housecleaning. Please call 1053 Howard St.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
AN experienced German lady cook wanti
work In the city or country. Address box
1283. Call office.
AMERICAN woman wants work by the day.
washing, house-cleaning, etc. Call 60S How-
ard st., cor. Second.
FRENCH woman wants situation In private
family; good chambermaid; good reference*
• In the city. M. C.. 158 Tehama st_, city.
DRESSMAKER wishes situation going out by
' the day on plain suits, alterations and re-
pairing; willing to go to country. 423 Grove.
A WOMAN wishes work by the day. washin?
sweeping or dusting, for Monday and
Wednesday, half day. 157 Ninth st.
A GOOD woman, advanced in years, would
take care of child: also- assist In light work.
Call 3 days. 331 Hayes st.
RELIABLE: woman wishes work by the day.
washlnr. Ironing or sweeping: $1 CO per day
and car fare. Address box 1266. Call office.
A GOOD seamstress or helper for dressmaker
wants work by day; $1 10. Address 007
Elm ave.
EXPERIENCED German nurse for infant or
Invalid: tUy or country; best references.
435 Golden Gate ave.; phone Folaom 742.
YOUNO colored woman wishes work of any
kind by the day. Call or write. MRS.
DENNIS. 10.2 Jackson st.
GERMAN- AMERICAN girl wishes general
housework. 18B Sheridan st., off Ninth, be-
tween Folsom aod. iiarrUoa.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. ...
Clairvoyant, trance, business medium ana me
reader. 1206 Market St.. Gait House.
C. V. MILLER'S seance to-night. 8 o'clocS.
$1; Mother Sadie's to-morrow, » p. m- 1OM
Bush et. . " ¦ ' __
ELSLE REYNOLDS, licensed medium, seance
f of full forms. Sun, eve.. 328 Ellis st.; 5oc.
CLAIRVOYANTS. __^
ASSURED Success for You.
Call at once and save $4.
His famous $5 readings this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 *1 *1 J1
No charge— No charge
Unless you obtain the Information for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE.
The first resistered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever In San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to be full judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fall to te!J your name.
' occupation and what you called for; I tell
you If husband, wife or lover Is true or false,
whom and when you will marry, how to gain
the love of the one you desire; In fact. I win
tell you every hope, f*ar or ambition better
than you can tell yourself; his advice is re-
liable, his powers are wonderful and indis-
putable; he Improves your character no that
you will reach the highest possible develop-
ment in mental acd bodily vigor, health,
happiness and capacity to earn wealth; th*
controlling power Implanted In your nature.
so you can control any one secretly: gives
advice on mining and buried treasure; gives
you success In life: he guarantees you sue-
cess or charges nothing for his services. 10
a. m. to 8 p. m.: closed Sunday.
326 O'Farrell street— 32A.
MYSTERIOUS POWER.
91. 11- $1- $1- "• "- "•
ELLSMERE, Egyptian seer, clairvoyant.
Educated by adepts of India.
Never before have you consulted on*
So fully endowed with psychic power.
Call, be convinced. Trouble and doubt leave you.
The Greatest Clairvoyant
"Tells your full name and occupation:" whom
and when you will marry; mining claims, lost
veins located; advises Investments; business;
law, Icve. divorce, partners, changes, journeys,
¦without asking questions; removes spells, evil
influence, hastens marriage; controlling power
Implanted In your nature; teaches personal
magnetism develops mediums, clairvoyants,
etc. 1007H Market st. Mall. $2; office, $1.
Also open Sundays. 1O-S. Write for Govinda
Suttay Hindoo Belt. Particulars free. Orient-
al Talisman. Adapts wear them. All letters
answered, confidential.
FROM ALL SECTIONS TIIEY COME TO
"WITNESS THE WONDERFUL DEMON-
STRATION
OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
READINGS $1. •
He has met every expectation, every adver-
tised promise.
He is acknowledged by all who consult him
as a true exponent of the occult science: for
overcoming trouble, bad. luck. 111 health, busi-
ness, love, family and financial worries, would
It not be a relief to know how you will suc-
ceed? to be relieved of the matters that are
troubling you and of the schemes of your ene-
mies, that you may meet with better success?
Then don't hesitate until too late.
Go at once to LIVINGSTONE.
Who is permanently located at
428 Eddy st.; lady attendant.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals* the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; If you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice la
all affairs of life: 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed; readings by irfa.il. Tel. Black 4569.
MRS. GENTRY, famous dlvlns healer, clair-
voyant, palmist, business medium; fortunes
told correctly; dreams interpreted; flow of
blood stopped Instantly: cures fits, rheuma-
tism. St. Vitus dance, dropsy and almost any
ailments and afflictions; will give names of
people she has cured in the Mission; consul-
tation free: consult this endowed woman and
be made well and happy; treatments and
readtnes by mall; at home every day and
eveninc. 2725 Mission st.. between 23d and
21th. S. F., Cal. Phone Church 762.
A— Miss M. Wllle, 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crye-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; special. $1; hours 10 to 8.
Mrs.A.H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant, card
reader: when others fall try me; good readings
25c. 721 Franklin. nr.Q.G.ave. Tel. Larkin 4207.
PRINCE ARAMAUCHA. Buddhist adept;
greater than all; tells everything: this week
special. $1; 10 to 5 dally. 105 Ellis st.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given; 25c up. 835 Howard,bet.4th£5th.*
MME. WALTERS. great~card reader; la~25c.
gents 50c. 951 Mission St.. nr. 6th; open Sun.
MME. ODELL returned; clairvoyant, card read-
er; tea leaves; 25c up. Lower flat. __t> Eddy.
CLAIRVOYANT and card reader: sittings from
10:30 a. m. daily. 108 McAllister St.. r. 25.
ELVINA BITRSCH. planet card reader and
palmist. 805V4 Mission «t.. near Fourth.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city;
ladies 25c; gents 50c. 26 Hr Kearny. rm. 20.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates
and facts; readings dally. 917 Market st.'
MME. MARSEAU. card reader. Ladles, 25c;
gents, 50c. 545 Minna st.
MME. HERNANDEZ, wonderful palmist and
card reader. 421 Hyde st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader. 23%
Sixth si.; ladles 25c; gents 60c.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st ! t
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings dally. 44S«4 Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
EDUCATIONAL.
E. R. AYRES, founder andmanageror Ayres
Business College for 14 years, has returned
to tnkf active management; bookkeeping,
shorthand, typewriting; $5 a month; life
scholarship $5o: day and evening. Bancroft
building, 723 Market st.
A BIGGER school than- ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building. 738 Mission
tt.. between Third and Fourth: more space:
finer rooms; better light: finest In the West-
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A — THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special summer course. 414 Mason.
A— METROPOLITAN Business Col.. 602 Van
Ness, finds employment; civil service; gram-
mar, high, prep.; day, evg. R. H. WEB-
. 8TER. President.
DAY a'nd evening classes; English, French.
German, Spanish, mandolin, violin, guitar,
banjo, piano, singing and elocution taught
for $1 60 per month. 749 Bush. nr. Powell.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogua fre*.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1433 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates; Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping: $S mo.
HEALD'S School of Mines _s Electrtclty.24 Post
et., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING— Adults. Mon. and Frl. evgs: juve-
n'les. Sat. 2 to 5; prlv. lessons daily. Find-
lay*. Hall. 17th. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. niln.. mech.. sur-
. vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev. ; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
JAPANESE larguage by a Japanese gentle-
man; conversation, reading, writing. Apply
box 1169. Call office.
] SPANISH classes and private: fourth success-
ful year of teaching. PROFESSOR MAYA,
. 427 Sutter st. ¦
KENT Law School, day and night; 13th year;
send for particulars. 537 Parrott bulldln*.
AF.ITHMETIC. algebra.bookkeeping.shorthand;
day. eve. Western Bus. College. 1107 Market,
CALIFORNIA Business College. 925 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F. ; 75-page catalog on request,
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT J^fll 015 **"
X^ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese!
Chinese help. 426 Powell st.; tel. Main 5752.
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stockton -
best help. Fritz Tamagakt.mgr.: tel Bush 85U.'
LARKIN, 418B — Best Japanese help for house-
cleaning; charges reasonable; tel. Sutter 1056.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chines* Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51 ss,
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab 20 years
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. «40 Clay.
EMPLOYMBNT WANTED— -FE'U a 1,B.
A COOK who Is thoroughly reliable. 2 year*'
references, wants a place In country at t.To-
is neat alnd an excellent cook. Addretui
MISS PLUNKETT. employment bureau 4"3
gutter St.. near Powell; office hours, 8:30
a. m. to 6:30 p. m.
WANTED— A position: an Invalid gentleman
who require* good service and close atten-
tion; well trained In nervousness and rheu-
matism, also handling commercial paper etc
References given. Box 1528. 1008 Market st"
W _^lSrlS' l . U t. 011 " C ° PylSt - »«""».
MEETING NOTICES Continued.
HIBERNIANS — The annual Fourth of «x „->?»»
July celebration of the A. O. H. In VVKf
A. will be held at Schuetzen Park, _9tvl
San Rafael, July 4. 1904; S750 in CCXJfP
prizes, games. Jumping running, » >£*
weight throwing. Athletic events open to
all. Gold and silver medals for amateurs.
Cash gate prizes. Amusements for young
and old. Irish jig and reel dancing. Tick-
er». round trip. Including admission to park,
adults SOp. children 25c.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY, office of
Secretary. New York, June 15. 1904. Notice
to stockholders.
To the Stockholders of Southern Paclflo
Company :
Notice Is hereby given that the board of
directors cf the Southern Pacific Company
at a meeting this day held, called a special
meeting of the stockholders of cald company
to convene at the office of the company in
Beechmont. Jefferson County, Kentucky, on
Wednesday, the twentieth day of July, 1904,
at 11 o'clock a. m., standard time, to consider
end act upon resolutions to be brought before
them at said meeting in substantially the
form and to the effect following, viz:
"Resolved <1>. that the capital stock of th*
Southern Pacific Company be increased one
hundred million dollars by issuing one mllilon
additional shares of tfce par value of one hun-
dred dollars each."
"Resolved (2). that the wild Increased stock
shall be preferred stock: that the holders of
such preferred stock ehall be entitled to dlvl-
¦ dends in each fiscal year at such rate, not ex-
ce«dlng seven per cent per annum, payable
6emi-annually out cf the net profits, as shall
be declared by the board of directors, before
any dividend shall be declared on the common
stock; that such dividends ehall be non-cumu-
lative; that the hollers of such preferred stock
Phall not by virtue thereof be entitled to any
¦ other or further share of the profits of the
1 company; that, upon the dissolution of the
i company, voluntarily or otherwise, the holders
I of preferred stock shall be entitled to have
I their shares redeemed at par before any dls-
! tribution of any part of the assets of the com-
I i any phall be made to the holders of the com-
| mon stock; that said preferred stock Ehall be
' iesued and sold from time to time to such
¦ mounts and in such manner as the board of
directors may authorize and determine, but
at not less than the par value of the shares;
that it shall be convertible into common stock'
i fhare for share, at the option of the holders!
I at any time; and shall be redeemable at the
I option of the company on or at any time after
] the flr-t day of July. 1905. and before the first
day of July. 1910. at on* hundred and fifteen
1 collars per share."
i "Resolved <3). that the beard of director*
! shall be and they are hereby authorized to es-
• tablisb. from time to time, and enforce all
i such rules and regulations respecting the is-
i tue, eaN\ redemption and conversion of such
• rtook, not Inconsistent herewith, as in the
. judgment of the board may be 'necemary or
I expedient."
For the purpose of ruch special meeting the
rtock transfer books of the company will be
closed July 14. 1904. at 3 o'clock p. m. and
reopened Thursday, July 21, 1004, at 10 o'clock
a. m.
I ALEX. MILLAH, Secretary and Clerk.
PATENT Chimney Workers' Local No. 1 will
hold special meeting THURSDAY, June CO.
at Machinists' Hall. 1159 Mission i=t. By or-
der cf j, COMMITTEE.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic pro-
ces* from Amador and Sacramento Irrigation
and Mining Co., In Dunderhead Mine, at
Michigan Bar. Sacramento County, Cal.,
draining Into Cosumnea River: from W. E
: Duncan, fir., in York Ranch Placer Mine,
near SpanlFh Ranch, Plumas County, drain-
ing into East Branch of North Fork of
Feather River; from E. V. Tiffany and Eeth
Jenk^rscn, In Treasure Point Mine, netir
Valr Play. El Dorado County. Cal., drain-
Ing Into Cedar Creek, which reaches South
Fork of Cosumnes River gives notice 'that
meeting will be held at Room 96. Flood
Building. Kan Francisco, Cal., July 5, 1904.
at 1:30 o. m.
I AGENTS WANTED.
A WONDERFUL business offer— $50 to $150
pr week and upward positive; we want rep-
resentatives everywhere to operate sales
I parlors for the best, most attractive, rapid
selling ladi»s' and -gents' dress shoe known:
ten new, remarkable, sight-selling health
and comfort features: factory to consumer;
previous experience unnecessary; no risk;
reply quick. Kushion KomXort Shoe Co..
1233 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
DO you want work? Ladies or gentlemen: no
| canvast>lng or soliciting; no time from regu-
lar occupation ; no one need know you are
i my representative: no money, outfit <,r ex-
perience needed; easy, permanent, honorable,
profitable work can be done home; for in-
formation, address J. W. KIDD, 5025 Baltes
block. Fort Wayne. Ind.
AGENTS — "New York's Steamboat Horror."
told by survivors and eye witnesses; 1100
doad: 100 illustrations from photographs:
about KK) pages. 7Hxl0; price $1 50; selling
like "wild fire"; best terms; credit given;
freight paid; send 10 cents In stamps for
outfit and instruction*. KUHLMAN COM-
PANY. Dept. 4. Chicago.
I WANTED — Both male and female, to do house-
to-house canvassing; big money in It; with
but little effort any ordinary man or woman
of intelligence can make from $10 to $25 per
day. Apply at 1224 Halght et.
AGENTS wanted; cardboard signs; up to date
' designs; uwd In all lines of business; hot
sellers; good profit: sample free. R. H.
ROTS, Railway Exchange; Chicago.
| AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that la
¦ a derided Improvement on building and loan
; Is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company, Parrott building.
, AGENTS are making $3 to $8 daily Felling
our va tented "New Idea shears, cutlery and
j l;ltchen specialties; guaranteed. U. S.
Cutlery Co.. Fremont. O.
j MANAGER and acents for State of Washing-
ton. American Investment and Realty So-
t ciety, 554 Parrott building.
SOLICITORS — House to house canvassing;
salary and commission. Call to-day, 348
Phelan building.
i ASTHMA REMEDY.
I
' A. Di No'.a's Asthma Remedy relieves lnstant-
j :>¦; 10«. 25c. 50c. 1602 Market. St. Nicholas.
ASTROLOGY.
. CONSULT Astor. famous N. Y. astrologer; man
of ability. »97 Market, cor. Cth; consult. $1.
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW.
G. W. HOWE. 1122 MARKET ST.
Tel. Jessie 4711. Established 22 years. Advice
free on all legal matters; divorces a special-
ty, private, quick; no pay in advance; mining
companies organized; patents obtained; wills,
deeds', collections: detectives employed.
R. W. KINO. Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg..
i Cth floor; entrance room 611; established 15
years; all cases, general court and office prac-
j tice; no fee in advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
| PENSION atty.— M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.. 16
yrs. practice; refs. from many thousands of
soldiers, sailors, widows and orphans on Pa-
cific Coast for whom I have secured pensions.
AA— DIVORCE— Costs $12; quick; quiet; advlc*
i free: no charge unless successful.
; 75P Market st., room 4.. bet. 3d and 4th.
1 DIVORCE— Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advlc*
free; all law business; no charge unless sue-
I easeful; open evenings. 927 Market, room 301. .
I ¦ !
1 ADVICE free; divorce coets $12; no fees or
ccsta In advance; all law business; office ,
ojfn Saturday evenings. 819 Market St., r. S3.
- DIVORCE law a specialty: no publicity: advlc* !
free: costs $12. Ad. B.A.S.. P.O. box 2199. S.F. j
L. S. CLARK, 927 Market st; consultation '
free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
AUTOMOBILES.
AUTOMOBILES — Livery, garage and sales-
rooms: automobiles of every description
li'iuffht tfnd sold; will buy or •••11 tecon.i-
hand machines. See us before vou do any-
thing with your machine. Phone South 702. i
Pacific States Automobile Co.. 217 Ellis st.
RAMBLER automobile for sale at once for
9450; good running order. Box 871, Call.
A CADILLAC automobile for sale. Box 1045,
Call office.
WANTED — A gasoline automobile. Box 2549,
Call office.
j WANTED — To buy an automobile: must be
reasonable. Box 3510. Call office.
STEAM runabout for sale, cheap. EAMES.
2018 Market at.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
EXPERIENCED mother and nurse will board
and care for children from birth upward;
references: reasonable terms. 1708 Francisco
pt., Berkeley; phone Dana 661.
i AN experienced nurse would like 2 or 3 chil-
dren to board; mother's care; reasonable.
' 13S9 Alabama st.. bet. 25th and 26th.
• WANTED— A child to be cared for; mother's
\ care. Call for particulars at 1438 O'Farrell
st., near Buchanan.
CHILDREN roomed and boarded reasonable.
1 171 S Lacuna Et. . ¦
GOOD borne for one or two children. 642
Jessie st.
I GOOD home for 1 or 2 children; large yard;
near school; room for parents. 1223 Pine st.
FRENCH boarding for children. MRS.
OUNTZ. C63 Pine St. -
~~ ZlI BOOKS' ~ _^
j>ALY~& CURRAN. second-hand booksellers^
--xnoved from 20U Powell et.. to 837 Geary at.
i BPSINESg. CHANCES— -Contlnned.^
A — CAMERON'_t CO. Phone South 1050.
8 Eddy et.. corner Market and Powell.
j Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR cale^ — Woll-furnlshed 6-rootn ark, moored
one hour's ride from "city; fine chance for
summer outing; also for winter shooting and
fishing; ail modern conveniences: new, one
year; price $2200 complete. CAMERON
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR saU or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for img.-hse. or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale— Electrical and locksmith business;
central location; established 9 years; rent
- $30; clears $90 to $100 per month; price $500;
must sell on account of other business.
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy St.
FOR sale— Carriage and wagon factory and
general Jobbing; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc.;
. full Investigation and trial given; retiring
. from business. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made in all. kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM,-
ERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR exchange — Lot, 25x125, with cottage, :
East Oakland, high basement, cement side-
walks, everything first class, on direct car
line, for rooming-house, S. F.; value $2000.
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy Bt.
$375 — RESTAURANT and cafe seating 45;
plenty tableware, French range, 2 gas stoves.
MERCHANTS' AGKNCY, 1OO8V4 Market St.
CIGAR stand, laundry, stationery and notion
store; 4 living rooms; good place for man and
wife; r»nt $25: price $600. MERCHANTS'
AGENCY, I0C8'i Market St.
TRANSIENT house on Market st. ; 23 rooms:
newly papered, good furniture; clears $10i)
monthly; price $1050- $800 can remain.
MERCHANTS' AGENCT, IOOSH Market St.
OLD-ESTABLISHED corner grocery and bar-
room; fresh, clean stock; good family liquor
trade: choice location; rent $35; price $2200.
Merchants' Agency, 1GCSH Market st.
$6500 — GROCERY and bar; fine stock: bargain.
I $550 to *15,000 — Saloons; all parts city.
$250-$30C0 — Restaurants, all pts.clty;bargalns.
$150 — Concord stage coach; good condition.
BERG, ARMSTRONG &. CO., 318 Kearny Bt.
$550 — DELICATESSEN, famll/ restaurant;
heart of city; lease; rent $75; bargain.
BEHG, ARMSTRONG & CO.. 31S Kearny st.
CHICKEN ranch for sale; • 1500 chickens,
brooder-house, brooders. Incubators, wire runs;
everything complete; six acres, all in fruit,
- full bearing; good dwelling, barn, windmills
and tanks; for rent. Address box 1270, Call.
$350 WILL secure a lifelong position and In-
come o./ $90 guaranteed: experience unneces-
sary, but party must furnish references;
present Income can easily be doubled "with
close attention to duty. Particulars 1007«i
Market tst., room 1.
$300— WANTED, steady, sober partner; es-
tablished commission business; experience
not necessary; must be satisfied with $20
per week and able to keep light office books.
Se» H. C. KOOP &. CO.. 1118 Market st.
$2000 — ROADHOUSE near Oakland- summer
gardens, chickens, rabbits; thoroughly mod-
rrn: $1000, \'j Int. Country hotel, 2ft rooms;
baths, horse and buggy, cow. 250 chickens.
Invtotlgate now. Room 4. 1015 Market st.
IF you Intend to buy or sell, It win pay you
to call on the
EUREKA REALTY CO..
783 Vt Market st.; phone Black 6S97.
The up-to-date real estate agents.
NEWSPAPER for sale— Paying Republican
weekly in county seat town; best section of
California; established paper: fine equipment;
cylinder press, 2 job presses, gas engine,
etc.; $1250 cash, balance on long time. Ad-
dress box 1334, Call office.
$4000— BEER-BOTTLING establishment; big
trade; can be made to pay $4t>0 per month
net profit; present owner has other business.
Box -C59 Call_offlce.
I WANTED — Lady or gentleman to take charge
of collecting business: small capital and
i references required. Call room 212. 997 Mkt.
TEN rooms, five minutes' walk from the Call,
will be sold cheap on account of sickness.
Inquire 823 Howard St., after 12 o'clock.
! FOR SALE — Grocery with bar In Western Ad-
dition: good location; price $1200. Box 872,
Call office.^
OLD-ESTABLISHED cigar store; must bfl
sold at once; cheap rent; lease. Box 1226,
j Call office. Oakland. . "' ' '
, PARTNER with $1300 cash; security for your
money; no trlflers. PHILBRICK, 449 V4
Guerrero st.
$125 BUYS 2 fine cows and a good milk route;
over $30 monthly Income. 2725 Howard st.
16-ROOM house for sale cheap; because of ac-
I cldent. 760 Sixth ave., near Chutes.
: MAN to sell goods to saloons; make $35 week;
cash deposit $100. Box 1393, Call.
SECRETARY established business with $1.*>00;
salary $150 monthly. Box 1371, Call office.
PARTNER with $2000; big paying business;
will stand Investigation. Box 1372, Call.
$2500— PARTNER wanted in good country
hotel with bar. Owner, box 1257, Call office.
$450 — CANDY and ice cream store; furnished
rooms; first-class; rent $35. 210 Fourth st.
FOR SALE — Chean- grocery and bar; reason,
death. 1801 Fifteenth ave. south.
I WANT to buy a good saloon for cash; cor-
ner preferred. Address box 1386. Call.
i WILL pay good price for a paying restaurant;
i give particulars. Box 1392, Call office.
j CANDY stores — Your choice of three good
I. stores: cheap rents, with rooms. 328 Hayes.
SALOON for sale; good location. 1S04 Mar-
ket st.; a bargain.
FOR sale — Coffee, tea and splca route over
18 years' standing; selling on account of re-
tiring from business. For particulars In-
quire at 119 Front st.. between 11 a. m.
and 1 p. m.
$2100— ROADHOUSE; typical location; near
Oakland: summer gardens, tables, etc.; cor.
lot, 125x200; good business; long lease.
ALDEN CO.. 1233 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR sale — 20,000 shares Tonopah stock, non-
asnessable; good values. Particulars box 1112,
Call office. ,
FOR sale— Saloon on Bryant St., between Fifth
and Sixth. For further particulars Inquire
at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific st.
WANTED to exchange — Stock In a good com-
pany for an automobile. Address W. II., box
421. U. S. Hotel. S. F.
OLD established butcher shop for sale; well lo-
cated, on Third at.; owner retiring from busl-
ness. Call at South Park Market, 432 3d et.
BAI/X5N for sal* at a bargain on account of
sickness. . 141 Second st. ¦
RESTAURANT In good location for sale. 668
Fourth st.
FOR sale — Saloon In manufacturing district.
Western Rubber Stamp Works, 521 Mission.
GOOD express stand-; new wagon: licensed;
must sell. Particulars. 414 McAllister st.
A COUNTRY grocery and general merchandise
store for sale; price $1400. Box 1041. Call. '
DAIRY for sale; route; 24 cows; 2 horses;
wagon: price $1500. JOS." DAWSON, corner
Josephine and Atkins sts., Berkeley.
CALL route for sale: a One large Call rout*
In th* city of Alameda. Box 2179. Call.
FINE newspaper route for sale. Inquire at
this office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of aivcrtisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.,.
THIRTY room's, nicely furnished, lease... $3500
26 room*, all men roomers. low rent.... 1000
115 rooms, low rent, country transient.. 5000
SI rooms, rent only $55 1600
40 rooms, rent $70, transient 1500
81 rooms, rent $3 per room 3400
Money to loan on furniture at low rates.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
MITCHELL & CO., 1206 MarketTst~"~
If you want to buy a house or flat on easy
terms, large list to select from, try
MITCHELL & CO.
FOR BALE— Lodging-house: desirable location;
close to Fifth and Market; 26 rooms; all
full; price $950. Address box 2512, Call.
APARTMENT-HOUSE wanted, by Eastern
party: must be modern; will pay all cash.
Box 1364^ Call.
40 ROOM3; downtown; transient; clears $175
, mo.; rent $4 60 room. Box 8G3, Call.
LODGING-HOUSE. 231 Third St.. for sale; 20
rooms: rent $75; price $950; on acct. sickness.
9 ROOMS; dean, fine furniture; "cheap rent"
. $300. .468 Jessie St.; near Eighth.
$300— 18-ROOM lodging-house; always full; ln-
.- come $45. ' Inquire 604% Mission st. ' '
FOR sale — Boarding and lodging house of 20
-xwms. MRS. WILSON, Belvedere, Marin Co.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 20, 1004.
45
¦ FLATS TO LKT — Con 1 1 -toed.
SIX sunny room*: new; middle fiat 2903 Fol-
! . . >om st. cor. Twenty-fifth.
SUNNY urp*r flat. 4 roocia. bath, gas: rent
;. $18. 2 Farrea ave.. cor. Eddy st
' TWENTY-FOURTH. 3O73. cot. Treat— $17; 4
¦ rooms, bath; large yard. Madlsoa &. Burke.
$1$— UPPER. 421 Second; a rooms; newly pa-
- pereed and minted. NICOL. 41t> Kearny.
$18 — FLAT of 4 rooms; 00 children. 2 Martha
place, near Geary and Taylor sts.
$21 — FINE, medera. sunny A room*, bath, laun-
dry; snap. SH Cumberland, bet. 13th and 20th.
FLATS TO LKT— KL'K.MsilOU.
"vista, coir Central avel
— Elegantly furnished fiats; also unfurnished;
- betise has all cravenieneea and Is altuat-d la
telect aelghbcrhooq. ¦
6 ROOMS end bath: moderns sunny; nicely
furnished; piano, gaa and coal stove; par-
ties going East for 6 month* 121 A Liberty
st. sear Guerrero; reasonable.
I WILL rent my furnished flat or part of It:
: Western Addition: 7 rooms; nice couple; no'
children. JULIEN SMITH. 420 Montgomery.
¦ — — __^ ___ __ _^_ — __ _ _ _ —
1 STEINER. 1327. cor. Ellis— Sunny furnished
i 'fiat; 5 rooms, bath, etc.; newly renovated: $33.
3, 4 OR 3 room fiat: marine view. 787 North
Point st. Bear Hyde.
FLATS FOR SALJ3 — Fl'RXISHED.
$130— FURNISHED fiat. 3 sunny rooms, bath;
Mission, near Market; rent $11; $73 cash-
Box 12S4, CalL
A BEAUTIFULLY furnished 7 reomed Cat for
sale: desirable locality. , Box 879, Call office^
A SUNNY 5-room fiat, next Exaralaer. for sale,
with leas*; fl3f». 17. Third st - .
I FURMTURE FOR SALE.
YOU caa buy $73 worth of furniture for $7 30
down and $1 SO per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co.. 340 Post st. Bear PoweU.
Andersen Auction House, 19 Turk. ar. Market.
furnishes everything for the house; low prices
SHIPPERS— Bekln's Van & Storage Co., 1014
Broadway. Oakland. Phones Main 907 ft 2S3.
FURNITURE of S rooms for sale. Box S32.
CaU office.
FURNITURE, stoves, bought sold, exchange-1.
Bargrr. *3!» Valencia, nr. ISth-TeLCburch 3379
FIKMTIHE WASTED.
"" ABE LEVY. ——————
Salesroom. 1133 Market it Tel. Jesste 751.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
rttare, «tc . u.'.ttl ycu get bis estimate.
WANTED — To buy a folding bed In good con-
dition. Address box 1029. Call office.
CHAS. LEVY * CO. pay highest price for'fur-
nlture.carp*tr.<-tc, 7-2 Mission: tel. Bush 413.
HELP WASTED — FEMALE.
A COOK for a ortvate family where regular
kitchen maid Is kept. $50 a month, references
necessary; a youngr. strong housework girl.
one who can make good bread, as kitchen
maid In private family. $30. a good chaacit
to leara fine cooking. MISS PLUNKETT.
425 Suiter st.. near Powell; office hours,
. S:30 a. m. until 6:30 p. m.
A NURSE for an infant country. $25.
A nurse for a child 16 months old. $30.
A nurse for an Infant place In city. $30.
* A nurse for a 2-year-old child. $3O.
1 References from private families) necessary.
CaU MISS FLUNKETTS. 423 Setter st. ar.
PoweU: office hours. 6: JO a. m. to 3:30 p. ra.
A YOUNG lady speaking French to wait In a
store. $23 and board. Call after 9 Monday
- mornmr. MISS PLUNKETT'S. 423 Sutler
st. near Powell.
WANTED — Ccok for dairymen. $30; cook oa
ranch. Santa. Clara Co.. $30: German cr
Scandinavian ccok. hotel. $40: Protestant
cook, family, no wash. $33; 8 chambermaids
and waitresses, country hotels and resorts,
$25 ana $30; German or Scandinavian trirt.
gentral housework, 3 In family. $3O; dinina;-
room girl for sanitarium. $23; cook for
children. $30: girts for general housework.
San Mateo. $30: Santa Clara, $30; Sausalito,
$30; near San Rafael. $23: woodland. $23;
Berkeley. $23: and a number of girts far gen-
eral hovwwork in city. $20-$23. Asply ta
J. F. CROSETT ft CO.. 334 Sutler st
WOMEN and girls to register for "season's
work beginning July 13, August September,
prrparing and canning fruit Apply CALI- '
FORNIA CANNERIES COMPANY. 203 Cali-
fornia «t, city, or factory, Branaan st. be-
tween Third aad Fourth.
' A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdressiag-.
manicuring, etc.: trade tauirbt from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $3 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to till immediately; positions guaran-
t*ed at $10 per week up; leading school in
West. 233 Geary st. room 13.
A — GIRLS to learn miUtnery now for fall sea-
son: both seasoas taught from start to finish {
in 1 month for $13: position as trimmers.
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk.£n; ;
day and eveaing class. 141 Stockton st. r. 13.
Halrdresstne;. manlrurlr?. massage, scalp treat-
ment hair work, removal superfluous hair; $3 2
wks.: day. eve. class; positions secured. hUrh*st
wages. Removed from 1238 Mkt to 133 Powell.
LADY partner wanted, one that eaa play seme |
string Instrument aad stng. to travel en the
read: half interest to right party. CaU at ¦
417 Bush st, room 12. from 0 to 10 a. m.. 3
to 6 p. m.
LADIES wanted everywhere, copyin* letters at *
home evenings or spare time and return to •
as; bo mailing or canvassing: $3 weekly S
earned; materials free: lactose eelf- addressed i
envelope for particular*. Guarantee Co., No. J
St -Ninth st. Philadelphia. Pa.
WE are prepared to snpplv very profitable j
permanent employment to ladles; $10 to $00 j
weekly comfortably possible. Kushloa KosT- j
fort Shoe; Co.. 1233 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. ;
LADIES to do piecework at their homes; we- :
furnish all materials and pay from $7 to $12
weekly. Send stamped envelope to Royal '
Co.. 34 E. Mcnroe st.. Chicago. * j
YOUNG or middle-aged woman caa have good \
home in Alameda for small compensation:
companion for lady mala object Address
. box 1167. Call office.
A NEAT strong wemaa to do cooking and gen-
eral housework: wages $23 to $30. Apply
Moaday afternoon. 3218 Jackson st
WOMAN residing In Oakland, whs Is free to
devote several hours a day of her time In a
business way. Box 1236; CaU office.
EXPERIENCED fialsher to assist tn tailor
shop: call Monday. PAUSON ft CO., Sutler
and Kearny sts.
STENOGRAPHER waated by importing house.
Address, with references, box 218S, CaU
branch, 2200 FUmore st
WANTED — A girl to do general housework tn
family of two; waxes S20-. MRS. K. B.
• PUTNAM. 223 Tenth ave.
WANTED — Experienced girts for book bindery;
also for wrapping. Apply SANBORN. VAIL
tc. CO.. 741 Market st
EXPERIENCED saleslady tor art needlework
department Apply . Superintendent's Office.
The Emporium.
A COMPETENT cloak and suit saleswoman
wanted who understand* the business. Ad-
dress Cloaks, box i:«0. Call office.
WANTED — German girl, general work, family
of 4 adults. 2212 Chanalas; way. Berkeley.
D wight- way station; fare refunded.
LADY canvasser; new article: big seller; lib-
eral commission. Century Remedy Co.. 4C3
Montgomery st.
SERVICES of refined womaaoner W: stats,
references and former occupation. Box 2623.
.- CaU office. .
MIDDLE-AGED woman wanted to bets out
housework. Apply 223 Seventh st. upstairs.
GIRLS to work oa fotdlns paper boxes. MB.
ROSSITER. 23 Jesste st.
WANTED — An experienced cashier In res-
taurant Apply at Breuis Cafe. 70 Third st
GIRL for Itrbt hous*work In Alameda; small
family. Box 119C. Call office.
GOOD helper on dressmaking; also pall ap-
prentice. 133 Geary st. room 129.
GERMAN girl for general housework: small
family: no. washing. 1427 Steiaer st
TWO lady solicitors 0/ good appearance; big
money to right parties. Bcx 1278. Call.
WANTED— Flrst-Clas* retoucher at TOJS-
KIN*3. 1227 Market st.
WANTED— St-nogra-pher and typewriter. Ad-
dress box 1232. CaU office.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter: mast be
good at figures; state experience aad salary
expected Box 1W1. Call office.
WANTED — Stenographer, experienced, also to
tlst tn office work; references required. A-i-
dress O. B.. Can office. .
WANTED— First-class Swedish ccck: best of
references required. CaU at 2200 Pacific ave.
from 10 a. m. to 12 m. •
; WANTED — First-class ¦ finisher oa coats: one
who caa operate: permanent poalUca. A. B.
1 SMITH CO.. 123 EUU st
I '•vr»»^:vr \v»\t»-.»— w m ? , *
YOUNG woman wants work bv the day wash-
1 >tic or ironing. 614 Valencia «t n7l«£
I P *fice7 I °* N *" Borme elrL Bcx 2B18 ' Cal1 of "
! 10 * " ch *»**rma.ld. Box 2617. CaU
' W is24 ri ?£T / i, Posttion as housekeeper. Box
j 1524. IOCS Market st.
I W^^ D ~ Po8lti <» as cook. Call at 303
I as housekeeper. Box
iS23. iocs Market et
¦ YO^l!L O * M w »"ts a position to do light house-
| —^ Jrk i_ i i5*E_ h i!. me * Box 11S3> c * u office -
1 TOCNO rirl wtnu light housework in private
I * lnlly ' coq& try. Addreas box 1144, Call.
j EXPERIENCED trained nurse desires posltloa
I carlnc for sick p*r»on or invalid; best refer-
: *£5*"- -Addreas 123 Eddy st; phone South
j MIDDLE-AGED, eompettnt woman wants po-
j sitloa for general housework: reliable; refer-
eaces; dty or cocatry. 143 Third st, rm. 23.
j A- TOCNG woman, reference, for laundry work '
! and hou*ecl*anlz«; first-class work; $1 60
flay. See landlady at 777 H Market st
POSITION aa bookkeeper or assistant by
roung lady. Address box 1224. Call office.
Oakland.
! MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes second work;
, city or country; references. Box 16<J1.
; Tribune. Oakland.
; A RESPECTABLE, well educated lady. 37 ¦
i years old. wishes a position as housekeeper.
city or cocctry. Box 111X Call effiee.
' WANTED — Plata tewing to do at home. 2031
i 'Polk st.
SEAMSTRESS and milliner: $1 to $1 60 per
day; by maU. 1423 Pine st.
j ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
j CaU Branch office, cor. Duncan ft Church sts.
' WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Can at Eatca's Baxaar. 833 McAllister st
EHPI.O1 MB>T IVAMBU HALB.
I 1
! SUPERIOR rcan cook aad helper, also waiter
i and waitress, first class for resort, springs or
hotel, wish situations; city cr country.
See J. F. CROSETT A CO.. 33* Sutter st
GARDENER. first-class. with thorough 1
knowj*dre of flowers, v*x-*tab!»*-. shrubs,
care of ornamental grounds and lawns, man-
agement cf greenhouse, seeks immediate en- .
1 gag-meet oa gentleman's place; good refer- j
i ences. Box 1372, CaU office.
j MECHANICAL draughtsman, good designer
i and detailer, IS years' experience mining, sta-
; Uonary. marine, power plants, etc.. wants ;
position or wcrk at home. Box 1168 Call.
I. j
j GOOD Christian borne for bey about 12 years, j
' where there are Co other children; will pay 1
srr.Ii amount Is addition to services of boy '
motxiag- and evening. Box 116*5, Call.
INDUSTRIOUS, mldiJe-aced man vantt s{tu- |
ation as pcrter la hotel or institution; 5 i
years in last place; best references. R. K-. J
box 1320. CalL
1 ~ ' !
i YOUNG couple without children desire two
• hous* keeping rooms within walking distance
9? Call: state full particulars. Box 130l>.
CaU office.
; BOOKKEEPER, first cla«s. desires an engag»-
ment cf. 3 or 4 bcurs daily; competent to oien. ;
close and tyctematize aU classes of accounts. '
Box 1.125. CaU.
SITUATION wanted by a steady married maa
of middle age and of good morals in a whcle-
rale store; speaks Ergllsh and French. Ad-
dreas box 1340, Call office.
MECHANICAL draught-man desires situation,
also ever:!r.«: wcrk in engineering; competent
i • <!etai>r and checker; many years' experience.
Bcx 1376. CaU office. !
'• MAN and wife want poeition to superintend
! rooming-house; experience; north of Wash- ;
Inston st Please address W. F. B., &41 '
FUbert st. city. ;
CARPENTER, cablaet-maksr, thorougrhly expe-
rienced. good workman, underrtands his busi-
ness, sober steady, wants wcrk; $2 73 a day.
- Bcx 13S4. CaU office. |
ENGINEER wishes steady work running boil- I
ets. *ntin»s ac-1 dynamos; gnod mechanic;
j lcng experience; good references. 316 Lang- j
ten st, city.
POSITION as salesman by young maa havlns;
experience In city and vicinity; calling «n
rrocery trade preferred. Address box 33. 106
Eleventh st.
; MAN and wife want Work: city or country:
rr.an as dishwuher or vegetable man. wife
g»d chambermaid. B. DESMOND, 630
Howard it , • -
¦ A YOUNG man Wants work of any kind; !
wUUig to work. C S. NATHAN. 64 1 Steven- j
I * Cn '*• I
: A FIRST-CLASS machinist wants- "work of any ',
kind; city or country: best of references. !
P.ox 110.1. CaU. '
FIRST-CLASS bookkeeper wishes to change: \
, capable of taking charge of collections aad '
* credits; salary $100. Bcx 1192. CaU. ,
j FIRST-CLASS engineer and machinist 20 I
years' experience. wants steady position. '
Address C. a. box 1197. Call. }
: CARPENTER and cabinetmaker wants work; j
finishing or rough; city cr country. Box '
11 4B. Call office. j
! RELIABLE young man wishes night wortf: i
hotel clerk or watciinian. G. R. N., 130
! Hickory ave. - " }
. , >
' A YOUNG man wants position as clerk ta ¦
wholesale house: willing: to start with small
salary. Address box 1.S21. CaU office. 1
MAN wants to work in a carpenter shop. J
1 THOMAS HARNET. 3Ca) Nineteenth st
i MECHANICAL draughtsman. goo<l designer '
and detailer wants position or wcrk at |
home. Box 1213. CaU. ¦
! YOUNG man want* position of any kind; seme |
experience at cooking and baking. Box 1211. <
CaU office.
: 1
• BARBER wants position tn country: ieum pay |
good salary and be steady: rive full partlcu- '
lar*. Address bcx 1101. CaU.
i FIRST-CLASS general machinist wants steady •
positicn: city or country. Address C. S..
box 1313. Call office.
1 ¦
t LOANS— Position manager :•¦ ati office : thor- :
cuithlv exr«ri»noed ftrnl'"", •alaxv, etc.; 1
can furnish bend. Bcx 1313. Call office.
j YOUNG man wishes a r«sttion of any kind: \
¦ good driver and hardy with tools. Address •
i A. K., 178 Perry Et. San Francisco, Cal.
I A PANTRYMAN with experience In hotels j
and clubs wishes situation. Address J. B., j
: bcx 1163, Call office. •
j TRUSTWORTHY man wants nlrht watchman I
I »»-«itIon: 10 references. Address B. HESS,
2304 Fulton st, near First ave.
CARETAKER— Single old man want* chanre
; of ranch, residence "or hunting lodge; refer- j
ences Box 1200. CaU. :
I , . I
MANAGEMENT of country hotel or roaiihouse [
by experienced man and wife. Address box I
12«0. CaU office. • -^ j
! COACHMAN and ganletrer wants ulttiation In t
D-ivate family: city or country: well rerom-
mended. H. PICHSNS. 214 Third tt. S. F. \
BRIGHT boy wants a plac* tn a wholesale !
boa-- to learn business. Address TOM, 125.1, (
Call office. ; ; I
A BOOKKEEPER and cashier capable of lak- I
icj: full chanre cf o'ttce desires positicn; local
I references. Box 1237. CaU. I
A HANDY man understands gardening, milk
1 cow. tend to hors*s, wishes private place. ;
Address box 1334, CaU office. - •
' A YOUNG man wants work at once; exixrt- i
eaced teamster: first-cla-s ref. Address j
box 1294. Catl office. j
i FIRST-CLASS chef wiihes position as chef or J
msnairer; hotel or restaurant; city. Address :
bcx 1203. CaU office.
BARTENDER, experienced. German, steady
and reliable, wishes a poritlon: gives best
of references. Box 1241. Call office.
WOULD like a posttion as head porter In <Sub
or Note!: best of references. Address box
1231. CaU office. j?
AMERICAN. 13 years old. want- wrk-if anv
kind from 8 p. m. to 12. C N. WILCOX. 3
Fulton st. -
PRINTER — First-class Job printer rapid cora-
poaitor. wishes posttion: no objection to
country Job. Afldress box 2S21, CaU office.
WANTED— Partner for prospectiag: experience
unaecessary: good prospects; this State.
Bcx 2604. Call office. . i_______
COACHMAN, gardener, caa mUk.' age 2S.
tempera te., wishes to work for private farn-
lly; good references. 120A Eddy st. room 7.
YOUNG maa wishes situation to do work la
livery stable; understands horses. Box 12S0,
Call office. . ,
BOOKKEEPER: thoroughly reliable maa: 34:
best of characters and reference-: bonds If
required at bis expense. Bcx- 2S2S. CaU.
WANTED— Positloa as stock clerk. Box 1143.
Call offlee. -
WANTED— Position by a first -das- Chtaeae
cook: bcardtng-house cr family." LJ. M-,
Jlifi CUj et.; tel. Black 3CS3. . i
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED--M.4XE.-
WANTED — Situation delivery driver. Box
1360. Call office. .
WANJTED— Job as a bricklayer. 213 Steven-
son at
STRONG young: man wants position in hard-
ware store. Address 331 Grove st
WANTED— Situation as errand boy. Box 1347.
Call office. --. .,-.*-.
A GOOD waiter wants a position In the coun-
try. Address box 1381. CaU office.
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper. Box 1240.
CaU office.
WANTED — A position as errand boy. Box
138S. Call office.
WANTED— Post tion aa bellboy. Box 1367, Call.
MAN and wife wants work In country. 224
Greenwich Et, MRS. DARWIN.
WANTED— Position as office clerk. Box 13e3.
CaU office.
A BOY wants a position as a wagon boy. Box
1366, CaU office.
WANTED— A position as erraad boy. Box
1363. Call office.
BOY wants position as cash boy. Box 1369.
Call office.
YOUNG man, good character, desires clerk-
ship or other work. Address box 3357. Call.
THOROUGHLY reliable and trustworthy man
desires employment Address box 3356. Call.
WANTED — A good position by sober, steady
man. Apply 713 Elisabeth st
UBHOLSTERER wants work. Box 1373. Call.
WANTED — Plain sewing; mending. Box 1370,
Call office.
SALOON porter wants place. ~E. FARGO, 342
Kearny st.
COMPOSITOR wishes situation. Box 12S3, CaU
office.
I RELIABLE man wants haullsz for wholesale
I house. Box 1280, Call office.
WANTED— By young man, position as Janitor.
2S3 Fhipley st
YOUNG roan wishes position as teamster. Box
_J3C2. Call cffic* ;
WANTED — A poeition by first-class book-
keeper. Box 1377, Call office.
i WANTED — Light work afternoons, 1 to 6.
Address box 133a. Call office. | \
FIRST-CLASS tool and Instrument mak*r
wants puaittcn. Address C. B., box 1379, Call.
BOY cf 12 years would Pke place as cash boy
tn Oakland. Address F. C, »70 'Cypress st.
POSITION by man In bakery. Box 2622, Call. I
MAN wants Job as handy man.- Box 2823
Call otac*. _^_^^ I
POSITION wanted by a first-class machinist
and toolmaker. Address box 2303, CaU.
EXPERIENCED cook wishes position tn lunch-
house; no Sunday work. Box 2iS02. CaU.
WANTED— Position as cigar clerk. 39 Third.
BOY wants position during vacation. Box I
1300. CaU office. . |
WANTED— Situation la wholesale house. Box
1360, CaU office.
WANT rostticn as collector. Box 2623, CaU.
AN experienced bookkeeper wants pesition.
Box 2«27, CaU office.
BY boy. a poeltloa la candy store. 1031 How-
ard st.
CARPENTER, non-union, can plan building,
wants work. Bes 2624, CaU office.
SITUATION wanted as a watchman. A. J.
BROWN, 1501 Dupont st.
YOUNG man wants rosltion as driver on de-
livery waron. Box 1279, CalL
PAINTER and paperjf anger, with tods, wants
work: city or country. -36 Mary st
BOY wants position to run errands. Address
box 1272, Call office. .
BUTCHER wants steady work In city or coun-
try. Aodrese box 1271. CaU office.
AN EXPERIENCED G-:rman cook wants
work In the city or country. Box 1332. CaU.
WANTED — Posttion as porter In wholesale
1 house Box 1333, Call office.
BOY would like to have a position as efrand
boy. Address bcx 1274. Call office,
BOY wants a Job on a ranch. Box 1396, CaU
office. . -y ; jj 1 _ r ._
WOULD Uke Doaltlon as office boy. Box
1395. CaU office.
EXPERIENCED Dlumb-r wants work la city
or country^ Box 2619. Call, office.
WANTED — Position as stable man. SIG !
GREEN. 122S Golden Gate ave. ¦,
YOUNG man of 19 years wants job driving
wagon. IOCS Natoma st
WANTED— Position In wholesale house. 100
Eteventh st-. 1
WANTED — Paper hanging and .whitening by !
the day. 1846 Mission st.
YOUNG man waats work of any kind. 1432
lily-ion st
YOUNG man wants work. ' Apply 100 Eleventh
street.
CRACKER baker wants to take charge of
shop. 13 1:1 Montgomery st.
STEAM fitter wants steady Job. Apply 1300 I
Larkin st.
COPPERSMITH would like work In country.
Address JOHN FISHER. 100 Eteventh st I
WOULD like work as pcrter. Apply GEORGE
HAYES, 744 Howard st. 1
GERMAN man and wife want work on farm, i
Box 1382. Call office. ,
A YOUNG man would like work as waiter. I
Box 1337. CaU office. ]
WANTED— Poslttcn as an errand boy. Box
1381. CaU office.
MAN handy with toots wants a Job. Apply
1319 Montgomery ave.
— — — — — — — — — — — — —^— —^— _— _
YOUNG man wants Job driving; light wagoa.
Apply 1S01 Mission st
BOY wants a* posltloa as cash boy. Address
229 Eleventh st.
YOUNG man wishes situation la store. 618
EUls st.
WANTED — A position an elevator boy. Box
15W. 1008 Market st. .
FIRST-CLASS waiter wants position. Address
room 32. 138 Fourth st
MACHINIST, experienced, wishes position on
general work or reparation. II. G.. . 1300
Stcckton st
WANTED— A Job as delivering, driver. Box
1.130. 1008 Market st.
WANTED— Posttion as cash register repairer.
Box 13ir». !<«!» Market st
FIRST-CLASS barkeexwr wants position ,tn
city or country. Box 151*S, low Market/st |
WANTED — A position by youn-; man' aa Jaa-
ttcr. Be.x 2600, Call office.
POSITION In bag factory; bookbiader. Box
2661, CaU office.
ERRAND boy wants, a position. Box 26S4
CaU office.
OFFICE boy waau a posltloa. Box 13S),
Call office.
BOOKKEEPER wants a position. Address
- box 2U53. Call orfice. ;
WANTED— Position »y young maa as driver;
thoroughly acquainted In city. 131 Eddy st.
POSITION as porter. . Box US*, Catl office.
POSITION as bookkeeper by experienced man..
¦ Address W. H. J.. Box 1337. Call office.
BOY waats positloa. BROWN. 240 Dolores st
YOUNG man wishes position as porter. Ap-
ply 468 Gou«-h st
I-ADIES UOor wants work. 343 Elm ave.
BOY wants place in lawyer's office. Box 1334,
CaU office. ;
SITUATION wanted, to do chores. Box 2836.
Call office.
WANTED— Work oa ranch. Box 9843, Can
• : office. ¦ ¦ ¦;.'-" "¦.•'.
BOY. wants position. 240 Dolores st
WANTED — Position as . traveling > - salesman.
Box 2618. Call office. ,->- .
A YOUNG man. strorur and ambitious, desires
I apprenticeship la automobile factory. Ad-
dress box 1132. Call office.
AN exi>erience<J Japanese- wants -position aj
, bouseboy. £. L, 1212 Point Lobos ave.
EMriXllBEXT WA-4TKD— FKMALg.
A TRUSTWORTHY woman with Al reference*
:5 * ; M <UT *° <1 c * rf * re -~ Bex
RELIAELE woman wants -washing aad tron-
:r.* by the Cay; $1 &0 an4 carfare. CaU 733
SItysica it.
V.-MAN wants work by the day. washing cr
house -cleaning; $1 50 and carfare CaU or
ai^ress MRS. O8GOOD, 115 Hayea at
AMERICAN wofsan has child, rood cock.
v.ar.tj work, country. 324 Mason st; phone
tlaclc 2C3S.
c CTETEXT your* lady bookkeeper d»s'.r*s
a permanent or substitute position as asxivt-
..st bookkeeper; references. Box 12CS. Call.
A. FIRST-CLASS fitter wishes position la
cloak »-d suit house. Address hex 1270.
Call office.
A WOMAN won Id like work by the day.
washing, irtmiag or eleanina;. Please call
cr adc~rea» 10C.0A Howard st
LADIES' fancy suits, remodeling, perfect fit-
engagements ty the day or taken home.
£**«* Mevenscn st., near Seventh, off Market
A fVTEDISn woman wasts work by the day
washing or cleaning. Afidress by letter. C
¦„ ::¦ ¦ Mission st
A RESPECTABLE wotaan desires a pestttoa;
upstairs wcrk or aseist in general housework.
Call 1416 E:ghth st. Alameda.
YOUNG laiy wuhes position ia office; good
*->Te writer, etc Address box IT?*-. CaU of-
fice. Oakland.
A PERFECT laundrees wants work by the
esy; also hoo*ecl»asi2*; references. Boa
2-V.7. CaU cftce.
YOUNG wotraa wants tjobJUoti ta small fam-
Bj-j good plain cook ard housework cr eook-
Lig rr.ly: wages tZS to $30. Box 285*. CaU.
SITUATION — By youn-: German girl: 5 weeks
¦1 this ecaatry. Address box 2133, CaU
branch. 2200 Ftr.mcre.
YOUNG lady d'sirtt pos'.Uon at shstr.pooiag
at aprlrgs. Address 67iy» Harrison st
A YOCXG U3y wishes position as bookkeeper.
Bcx 1US. Can effice.
WOMAN with a cMld wishes work in the coua^
try Address bcx 1C24. Call effice.
WANTED— Position to assist w:th housework.
Bcx 2133. CaU effice.
A NtAT ycur.g French girl desire* situation:
«*c-— fl work.: ft.*. Address box 35O4. CalL
"WOMAN KsKi nier.air.g to Co by the day.
2024A Brvant st.
W.»NTET>— PwiticTi «-~hTC--k-*?er. Bcx 1514.
1IX* Market sX,
WOMAN of education wisse* to ro to World's
Fair tn exchange for service*. Box 1199. CaU.
SITUATION as a tca'.i. 1 Lexirgton ave.
FITIST-TT.AS? Crr*rtr*k'T will go ou*. by the
$2 a day. Bcx 11S4. CaU office.
SITUATION wanted— A. -T*cJal waitress. Ad-
iirt«s bcx 1T7V. Call ciflce.
SITUATION wanted — At •m-rgeney work cr
rarkir.g; $1 SO p* r <j ay . Address box USO.Call
TCUNG Gerrssn Ctrl tike a poeition to travel
to Germany »ith a family. Apply S79 C»pp.
WOMAN wants washiryr by the day. 31C
Je*»> st.
WANTED— Hersrtltching to do at home! 15»
Jackjra tt.
RESrECTAULE »csm wishes situation aa
cock. Ar~»ly 434 M!r.na st.
' PLAIN eewtng wanted. Box ISO. CaU office.
EJ-.FINED woman wasts work as waitress.
Brat 13C3. Call.
V." ANTED— Situation as seamstress. Box
mO. CaU orfice.
WANTED— P««itloa as chambermilZ MA
D» Lcng ave.
KJfcl'.lLD. as cashier. Bcx 151S. IOCS Market
FIRST -CLAPS ieraenrtrator wculd like sitoa-
tim. B.. brx 1232. Cat! cfice.
RF. I.I A TILE woman wants work few Hours a
*»r: rocmlnj-hou-ie preferred. Bcx 1247, CaU.
A V'OMAS aisksj hTjse and window cleaning;
*! M <J»y. 151SA Howard rt.
FIRST-CLASS cock wants" place ta private
lamijy; OBSjStZ* preferred. Bcx 1227. Cal!.
SITUATION ax fteacgrspher. Box 1213, CaU
effice.
ACTIVE, «p*ries~ed 'sbeler wants work on
car.:,. . - - ._• ::-a Heward-st. -
A CANADIAN woman weald 10ce a place la
a mi:! Azr.erican- family. Call at 333 6th it
WANTED — Position as housekeeper. Bcx 1337,
Call office.
A CAFH girl wishes a eltaatlon. 748 Naples
street
V.* ANTED — Pd«iticn as cook in country. Aa-
drers 1370 Firteesth rt. Oakland.
EAT tr!rnrn»r wi*L»« posit'en en soft or stiff
hats. Bcx 1203. CaU effice.
KEFTNETD -c-otran wants wcrk as waitress. Box
t2CS Call office.
WOMAN wishes he-use a~d window cVactng,
It ail m day. Address 1C1SA Howard «t.
WANTED — Plain film, at horse fcr dress-
maker. Address box 1221. Catl effice.
WANTED — HoCfwcrk by t*e day by widow.
Aiir-*s bes 1223. Call effice.
WOMAN wants work bv »h«- clay. $1 30 a day
ar<! car tare. 1414 Baker st.
WOMAN wants work by th* day. washicg.
- -..r.r and cleaning. 247 Ritch st.
W ANTED — By a Prct«rtant. housework aad ,
piaia cookins;. Bcx 12C». Call.
cTEN«)CR*PHER wtsh-s w«-rk to take home;
ttrnu satisfactory- Box 12t'3. Call.
EXPERIENCED rrrartg woman wi*he« posi-
tion to care for chtld. Bcx 1223. CaU office.
.-" '-.. ¦:.-; ' ibiiuE wishes washing- and lauodry
wcrk at hcrne. Address LUNDIN, 214 4th st
A GOJE> ccok wishes ara»r»l work; $23 it £U).
ctritr?. Bcx 1391. Call office.
YOUNG luiy de«ir-* clerical poaition in office
or *tcre. Bcx 1578. Call office.
KinsT-CLASS laundress wants position, city,
cr country. 324 Mason St.. phone Biack 2"?*;.
MIDDLE-AGED wrrsaa wants light house-
work to £0. ZS.Z Hcward st
£ITI"ATION as ohamb-nsaid. Eox YZZ'i, Call
otUe*.
ETXXATiON »s arsdtrera. Box 12-3. Call «ffice.
WANTED — Plain f-w.r.g to do at home. Ad-
<lr -.- 7 1 — LantTtoa SC
WOMAN wants - work by day washing and
fccusfecieacisc. Please call at 100o Harri-
¦ae t ..
A C8X 11 years old wishes a position to take
care of a child. 3J3»> Pierce et.
PT tnsir.«Nl curs-, a sltcaticn. 1617 Vaa Ness
arena*.
GERMAN' woman winhes work by the day er
half iayt.' IS Sheridan et. off Ninth.
GIRL. I" rears cf at*. **aals to learn £rrss-
Mi-Is-.. B*at 13«. call. j
YCUNO Fi"! wartj< a position to do house-
wsrk. Arpl> 13U Montgociery ave.
WANTED— Uouse-deaslns ty the iay. 1343
!::--¦;:. at.
YOUNG Ia-ly would Ifk* work by the day; '
$1 £0 ar«d carfare. Apply 1432 Mission st
W KT r.urse wants pcsitlca to care fcr baby.
Address MR*. GIPPERT. 1*00 EUis St.
WANTED — Dy trained tune, a situation.
1*1 T Van Ness ave.
YOUNG «¦«:» wca'.d like to do family wash- j
tear by the day; $1 and car fare. 4 Alice *t.
A WOMAN want* washing and housework by
th* day. VA Minna st
WOMAN Wants lace curtains to laundry. . 24
W-tmore st, city.
WOMAX wants work by day; $1 30 car fare.
1322 Folsora «t»
A <T>LOP.Ei» woman wants washing to do
. ncice cr wtU go cut. 377 Natoc.a st
!..•:•'." »¦«:¦'« a podticn as hoaaekeeper ia
the country. Bcx 12S7, Call office.
YOUNG girt wishes p"»lUon to do shorthand
and typewriting. Address 003 McAllister st.
TOCNG worr.&a with reference wants Janitor
wcrk: $1 50 a&d car fare. 703 McAllister
st. p bcseiccEt
DHEisMAKER wiches work by the day; $2
per day. 407 Van Ness ave.
A STRONG wotnaa wants house aadwladow
cleaning; beet of references. Dox 1267. CaU.
. WOMAN with a chttd wishes work ill the
country. B-x 1Z*Z. Call office.
CTPJ-t want* pcsitlon. 40*3 Eljrht»enth st.
WANTETV- Work to take home. Call or a4-
£recs V-?1 U!ssicn st; phone Carp 39<>1.
t WOMAN wants work by the cay. washing,
fronlnr and house-dea&i£c; $1 30 a day.
Box 122% CaU. *
1 EMtM.OVMKVT \V«.\TEr>— VM.K.'
.SITUATION as porter. Box 2013. Call office.
WANTED — Poeition to manage cigar stand.
Box. 2614. CaU office.
WANTED— Poeltloa to take charge of grocery
store. Box 2803, CaU office.
WANTED — By an experienced poultry man.
situation: Is a good cook; would like to take
charge of a place; good gardaner; references
If required. Bcx 11M. Call offlc^
A GARDENER wishes position; thoroughly
competent in all branches of horticulture; 3
years tn last position; first-class reoom-
mendation. Box 124B. CaU office. j
MAN, and wife wish to~do~the~work with their
own help In a small hotel or boarding-house
at a reasonable figure. Box 1230k CaU office. I
RELIABLE man wishes position aa laborer; i
enderatands horses and work around private
place. Box 1170. CaU office. I
ASSISTANT cook, speaks French and German, |
wishes situation, hotel or restaurant Ad-
dress box 1302. CaU office.
If AN (German). 42. wants situation; willing to
work at most anything; good references. Ad*
dress PAUL ZINK, 81 V* Converse st
SITUATION by sober, reliable man; any work.
Box 353Z CaU office.
I WANTED — A young- married man wants a po-
; Bttlon as Janitor or watchman. Box 1244. CaU.
STEAM-FITTER desires a~pos!tica. 121
Fourth st
: WANTED — By a young maa. a posltloa la a
wholesale hoose. warehouse er some tnsld* '
work where there Is a show for advancement: j
prefer a plact^where one Isn't bothered wita j
unions; good references given. Box 1134. CalL j
EXPERIENCED office man firoa the East d«- I
I sires employment; twelve years* experience in
I general business; best of references. Box
1121. Call office.
; POSITION wanted by an Englishman as
houseman and gardener: can milk; first-class
references, city and country. Box 1140, CalL
j BARBER with one year's experieace wants to
finish trade under first-class man. Address
Barber. 515B Jones st ' ,
A COMPETENT French chef from New York '
wishes position in first-class hotel. Address -
_Chef. phone Main 1304.
WANTED— Poaition as Janitor. Box 1143. CaU
office.
POSITION as watchman. Box 1143. Call of- j
flee.
Painter. pat*r-ha.iir<r, sigawrtter, wants work;
tooU furn. .1272 Folsom st: pfaon* Mint 131.
A YOUNG Japanese boy wishes a situation as
schooiboy; able to cook and wait oa table.
GEORGE. 118 Eddy st. city.
JAPANESE couple waat sitnatlon for family;
husband capable cook, wife second work;
speak well ; references. SENO, »2S EUls st
AN experienced Japanese desires a position to
take care of milch cows or stable; salary $30
up. KUNII. 423 Stevenson st 1
A JAPANESE young boy wants position as '
schcotboy or for housework. Address SAYE-
TANI. 1911 Bush st. Japanese mission. I
A GOOD Japanese boy wants situation to do
cooking- and housework; small family in city;
wages $7 up. HARRY YASHI, care of 1224 .
Fil'.more et; tel. West 97. ,
A YOUNG Japanese student recently frcrn Ja- |
. pan wants position as a schoolboy. 4C3 Jes-
sie st; tel. Mint 501.
JAPANESE couple wants portion; man is
rood cook nn.l wife for general housework.
F. FUJII. 53». Stevenson st.
JAPANESE houseworker wants work In kitch-
en to learn cooking. J. K. YAMA, 933 Sac-
ramento st
JAPANESE boy, living at home, wants a po-
sition to Jo housework or dishwashing-.
FRANK. 515 Eddy st
JAPANESE boy. who has experience, wants to
work in doctor's office tn city or country.
Address TOM. 1329 Pine at, room 7.
YOUNG Japanese gentle and honest boy wants
situation, housework; wages $8 or $7 a week.
YOMA, 21Utf Fillmore st
JAPANESE hoy wants good posttion as school
boy. T. HIHI. 416 Post st
JAPANESE wants work as porter. 826 Du-
punt st.
JAPANESE rlrl wants housework and cooklag;
small family; city: wages. $3 to $4 a week;
speaks English well. 321 Ellis st
JAPANESE girl wants place as housework and
plain cook: postal answered. T. M., 639 Ste-
venson st. city.
JAPANESE desires work morning or night;
best Enzll'h spoken W. W., 527 Dupont st
JAPANESE Housecleanin* Co., 820 Larkin st;
tel. 175S. S. G. HENRRY.
. FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
An desirable vacant hooves and flats are l-.et-
ed in our free renting department: over 1000 j
in number; i combined list from alt agencies;
let us civ* you a list aad help you -to find a
place; we never fail: service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1033 MARKET ST.
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A — HOUSES and fiats to let: aa Immense list;
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department; It wUl save you time and
trouble. Cordea Furniture Co.. 243-2&>
Geaiy st. 00 the square.
VAN NESS ave.. f>2»— Lower corner fiat: sep-
erate marble entrance: elegant wood finish;
billiard-room etc.; rent $73. oa lease only.
Apply on premises. 11 a. ra. to 4 p. m.. or
to BALDWIN A HO WELL.
$27 SO.
NW. CORNER: choice sunny 6- room upper
flat: corner Eighteenth and Hartford; near
Market and Castro.
$27 SO.
A — VALENCIA, corner Twenty- fourth— New
4-rpom fiats with bath: blrdseye made fin-
i*h; light sunny, modern. SPECK & CO..
.2«» Montgomery st
A — 5-ROOM modern sunny lower flat facing
Park Panhandle: 1C2O Fell; rent reasonable.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.. 218-220
Montgomery st
MCALLISTER. IWI, near Buchanan — Cheap
urrer flat of 0 room* and bath; rent $33.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO., 513
' California st
FRANKLIN. 1045, near Ellis— Beautiful up-
per fiat cf 8 rooms and bath; large attic: ;
rent ?W). VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE I
CO.. 513 California st
NOE. 1030— Beautiful new fiat; suaay corner:
& rooms and bath; all modern Improvements; {
low-rent: convenient to Castro and Twenty-
fourth st. cars.
NOE. 1000 — Beautiful new fiat: sunny corner;
5 rooms and bath; all modern Improvements;
low rent: convenient to Castro and Twenty-
fourth st cars. -
CASTRO. 421. ¦ near Seventeenth — Sunny belt:
latest Improved new pleasant sunny upper
fiat. 11 rooms; convenient for two families;
?40. -
CENTRAL ave.. 71. near Haight — Cheapest
sunniest up-to-date fiat. 6 larce rooms aad
•bath: must be seen to be appreciated; $28.
FOURTEENTH. 123B, cor. Ehotwell— Sunny
corner bay-window flat of 6 rooms and
- bath; «2" 50 ;
MASONIC ave.. 1317. near WaUcr st — Elegant I
sunny, up-to-date upper fiat 7 rooms and
bttth; rent reasonable.
FLAT to let; C9 Rausch st. S rooms and
bath; hot and cold water; stationary wash-
tnbs; large cellar. ¦
SAN JOSE ave.. 227-229— Xew flats. 9 rooms
and bath: Mlssioa warm belt; sweUest loca-
tion.
CHURCH. 1302—3 sunny rooms; bath/ gas. 1
yard. . / I
CLIPPER. 5124— Upper flat. 7 rooms and!
bath; modem. Apply 312 Clipper -t I
FLAT . to let — 4 rooms and bath. 110SA
- Pacific st
FLAT of 4 sunny* rooms; rent $14. 714 Na-
toma st, near Ninth.
GEARY, 222«S — Upper fiat, o pleasant sunny
. rooms.
HOWARD, 20»i3 — Modern sunny upper flat. 6 |
rooms and bath; $27 SO. !
FILLMORE, 1124 — 7-roore flat; modern; rooms
aU light: rent reasonable.
HAYES, 692. cor. Buchinaa— Nice sunny fiat;
- <J rooms and bath: modern improvements.
LARGEST list of house* aad flats ta let CaU
on LYON * HOAQ; lia Montgomery a.%
LOWER.'' flat. 5 rooms and bath. S4S Eddy st,
., near. Franklin.
MINNA. 733H. nr. 1Kb— Elegant bay-window
fiat «lx rooms.
NEW eunnr lower flat; 5 room*: Dutch dining
.room; 10&3 Lyon st: owner cleans entrance.
NEW. modern 3-room flat; son aU day; reason-
able. 1039 Broderlck st.; near. Turk. ¦
. SACRIFICE— Fie t * large sunny rooms: new
furnishings: nice lorn tion. 733 Eiidy st '
HKI.P \v« rrrn — f-f.m • r.r_<-«-i».
GIRL to learn typesetting and presafeedlas;; $4
week, advancement 316 Commercial - st
TEN first-class lady barbers: new shop; good
wages guaranteed. v«i Mutual Bank bldg.
A PnOFITABI-K outing; pick hops ta August
Write E. Ci«ans Horn. 122 Battery st.3.F.
ADVERTlSEMENTsTsubscriptions received at
; Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sta.
A BRANCH office of The Call far the reception
of a4v«rtl*«mects aad subscriptions has been
opened at iOCs Msrkst st, opposite Jlfth.
Open until 11 p. in.
HELP WAS TfcUJ — H.ai,|g,
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCT.
F. M. GUNX, «S» Commercial st.
Phone Main 1131. 3 doors from Kearay.
NEVADA— NEVADA— NEVADA.
The boss is here and gives you written
guarantee that he will refund your far* to
li> days; special shipment Monday.
Laborers anj teamsters. $2 to $2 23 day. S
' Arizoci— W.3 make another ahlyment O
; Florence, new work. Monday, fare $10 3a
Laborers aad teamsters, come and go.
Do you want to be ynur own boss? If so.
go woodcutting for a largs mining company,
?a sunucer »na winter Jcb. i-.oot wood.
SI Co cord; pewder free. tooU and provisions
advanced; board yourselves; climate aad wa-
ter excellent
To th* sawmills north; we sola to Shasta
County. $2 to $2 50 day.
Lumber pliers — We wast 3 Scar.dlsa.vU3
lumber pliers, big wages. Al company.
; 2 lathmen. $2 23; 2 bolters. $3 23 day: fore-
man aad wife for ranch: references; good
layout; see boss here; permaaent poatUon
for right party.
Man for dairy, run oa chores; see party
here; gcod chaace en this.
10 laborers. S hours' work. $40, free fare.
3 2-horse teamsters, free fare. $6O.
Special shipment Monday to Clark R. R-.
. south. ;?£, . ,
Cocks, •waiters, porters aad dishwashers.
Office open to-day. li> to 12 boob. . .
AT C. R. HANSEN ft CO.'S EMP. OFFICE.
423 Busff st. 7. 642 day si.
Office Open To-day (Sunday) 10 to 12.
Oerk. commercial hotel. .............. ...$60
-.Night clerk, summer resort; keep books:
middle-aged: party here 3 a. m. Monday. $4O
Second cmuIc, Lake Tahce ........"......$63
Mangle haad. Lake. Taho* $23 aad fonsd
Ccok and crew of 3. summer resort $225
Cook* country hctels .....$E3 aad $73
2 cooks and wives $UDO aad $120
Second ccok. country hotel. ........ .......$flO
Short order cook, goxl oa pastry, couatry ho-
tel K»
Potwashers, kitchen hands, pantrymen, bell-
boys.
C. R. HANSEN * CO.'S EMP. OFFICE,
429 Busa sc 642 Cay rt.
FARMER and wife. $3O and feund ; pcultry-
man aad wife. $30 aad found: poultrymaa.
$3O *and found; porter and warehouse maa.
$."m. 2)> woodsmea, choppers, croescut saw-
yers and laborers. $40 to $03 aad board;
laborers about mill. 12 SO day; teamster.
$2 So day: carpenters, $3 aad $4 day: black-
smiths. $2 30 and $3 day; blacksmith help-
ers. $30 aad $33 aad found; machine- zaea.
$3 30 day; carriage settar, $83 aad fooad;
aad others. J. F. CROSETT A CO.. C23
Sacramento st
BUTLER. $43 and found; hotel cook; cocatry.
$60 aad found ; man and wi'e. kitchen and 1
dining-room work. $60; hotel waiters. $23
and $30: dishwashers aad others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st"
AT the California Employment Agsoey,
14 Third st. nr. Call bid*. ; pnone Bush 403.
Office open to-day. Sunday, 9 a. o-
United States Government work—
5O teamsters and laborers. $3 to $2 23 day.
$10 06 fare. Flor»n<?e. Aria. Far* $1O 05.
SAWMILL CREW.
Can? edgerman, see boss here. $SO fsuad.
5 laborers, pile lumber. $4O found.
Board puller. $43 a csoata and beard.
2 tail erigermen. $40 month aad board.
•J second tritr.mensen. $40 meath and board.
1 offbearer. $40 a month aad board.
10 lumber pliers. $33 to $4O and board.
3 carpenters, near city, 8 hours. $• day.
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 14 Third.
RED CROS3 EMPLOYMENT AGSNCT.
•M2 Clay st Phone James 2475. •
WANTED TO-DAY (SUNDAY).
3 bridge carpenters. $3 to $3 30 day.
2 hcuse carpenters. $3 to $4 day.
' 15 teamsters. $3 23 day.
3» pick and shovel men. $2 day. ,
li> pipeline men. $2 25 day.
1 cook. $90 month.
1 cook. $73 month.
AT CONTRACTORS* AOENCT.
93 Third st. Telephone Main 5322.
Stableman, city. $73.
Ccck. small hotel, San Jcse, $50.
Rough carpenter, fare 73c. wages $3.
Qaarrymen. near city. $1 73.
WodrhopDers. $1 SO cord. oak. bes* her*.
Nevada — Teamsters and laborers. $2.
Pipe line, south, $2 23.
Florence. Arts.. laborers. $2: far* $10 SOL
• HORD A SMITH.
ANDRE'S Office. 317 Stockton st — Elevator
1 boy or man. $23; batler. $43: butler. $33:
pantryman. 9SO; porter and cook, lttacn ea-
loon. $!•> a week: gardeaer. country, $23;
milker. 23 cows. $30. etc. -
WANTED — Energetic man to maaag* office
for large manufacturing company: salary
$1*00 per annum and «xtra> profits; must
furnish $2000 cash and rood reference*. Su-
perintendent Twelfth and Johnson sts.. Chi-
cago/
TRUSTWORTHY pernon each district, super-
intend business, wholesale boose: $20 paid
weekly: expense money advanced: position
permanent: experience not essential: no de-
ception. Manager. SCO Como bldg.. Chicago.
YOUNG men everywhere, copy letters homo
eveaiags; $3 SO week; sesd addressed en-
velope for particulars. Manager Dept S4.
box Mil. Philadelphia. Pa.
WE are prepared to supply very profitable per-
manent employment to several; $10 to $3O
weekly comfortably possible. Kushlcn Krra-
fort Shoe Co.. 1233 Broadway. Oakland. Cat.
1 CAN secure employment for you. any kind.
anywhere; write for my free booklet giving
plan; aU inquiries strictly cmfidentiaL ROB-
ERT DAWSON. Dept X. Fort Smith. Ark.
WANTED — Salesman for men's farnishiax
goods department fcr city: one who has bad
Ion? experience; state when* last employed
and salary expected. Box 1234. CaU office.
WANTED— First-class boilermsJcer. not over
. rr.dii'.e age. for poeition out of city: one ac-
customed to stationary aad taartae work.
Box 1344. Call office.
A NO. 1 tntveter fcr wholesale see*) noose :~ei-
pe!«Jenceil man: answer Ia cwa hand. gtviTis;
full references aad experteace. Bcx 1330.
CaU office.
WANTED— Man aad wife to run chicken
" raach; flrst-«tass offer to right maa: rauat
have experience aad reference*. Address
box 1350. Call office.
DETECTIVES — Every locality, good salary:
experience unnecessary. Ptnkerton's U. S.
Detective Agency, Milwaukee. Wlai
YOUNG man to assist In office: general raer-
chaadlse.; couatry: salary $43; aaswer own
writing. Box 134S. CaU office.
WANTED— Four men of fine appearance who
are willlnjr to work hard for big pay. Ad-
dress boot 123«. Call office. '.
WANTED— Iroa planer. 23 to 34. Addr»«s. t
statiar price aad full particulars, box 1374.
CaU office. ¦
WASTED — Scboetboy to carry morntas; paper
south of Market st; bo Sunday work. Ap-
ply 1323 Mtaston st
WAVTED— First-class maehiaist for oat tit
town work; state an aad experience. Box
1.-M3. CaU office. .
FRED FULLER — If yon waat work, pleas* call
and see your brother James at San Mateo.
WANTED— Mill wrla-ht Call at r«na 410. 813
Mlssioa st. after Monday. Jcne 27. ¦
AGENTS for custom shirts: 229 Ksaray
street
MEN and weraen Ja evefc county under salary;
¦ $30 guaranteed: work neaie. Box 1263L CaU.
WANTED — Boy to run errands. 20 Tarfc st.
OFFICE boy; must be bright aad active.
EA3TMAN KODAK CO.. S43 Market st
BOY experienced In printing office. S43 Clay
»tr?«t.
FIRST-CLASS shoe salesman wanted. Ajpl7
superintendent's office, the Emporium.
WANTED— A first-class waiter at 1941 Hs«»
ard st Good references). '
WANTED — Wagon blacksmith aad h»!;«r.
4.TT Francisco st •
FTNE N. T. handkerchief line permitted aa std*
line: give reference: address bcx 1277 Call.
j TXEVATOR boy wasted. 21 Taylor st.
WANTED— BrigM bey for elevator. Box 2S62.
Call offtV-e. '
BARBER »hop at transfer r-HPt: I rhalr: every-
thing Crst-cUs*: nearest s»h<rr * blocks away;
will **U_or rent: sicfcn»sa eaose of selling.
3218 FoUom st. opp. Preclta ave.
for Additional Classified Advenise-
ments See Paje Forty-Six.
{ EMPt.OYWE\T U'AXTBD— MALE.
A PAINTER, paperhanger and ttnter. with all
tools required, wants work by day or con-
tract.- "Painter.' 737 Harrison st. basement
MAN and wife; bedmakers, or cook and waiter
at summer resort; first-class address. MRS.
SMITH. 3C0 Seventh st.. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper wishes position:
can furnish best of references. Address box
1227. Call office. Oakland.
MAN of absolute honesty and fidelity would
like a posltloa as collector. Address "FI-
DELITY." WO Hayes st
EXPERT revising authors' MSS. and proofs.
orfers services. PROOFREADER, 45 West
Mission st.
MAN wants to work in drugstore; THOMAS
j HARNEY. 3630 Nineteenth st v ,
) BOY wants a Job la a tea store. Box 1122,
1 Call office.
BOY wants a Job la wholesale boose. Box
1124. Call office.
BOY. 13 years old: wants posltloa la whole-
sale store. Box 11S3. Call. '
A BOY wants a position as erraad boy. Box
1130. CaU office.
BOY of 1« wants to learn ensravicg trade.
Box 1132. Call.
A MAN wants a posltloa as window cleaner.
l'Jia Poet st.
A BOY wants a poaition as aa office boy.
COOK wlffhes a situation. MRS. .VAUDB,
1525 Powell gt.
BOY 14 years old wants to learn watchmaker's
trade. Box 1134. CaU.
YOUNG German boy wants position tn grocery
store; city; state wages. Box 1133. Call.
A STRONG 18-year-old boy wishes steady em-
ployment 756A Harrison st
MAN wants to work la drugstore. THOMAS
HARNEY. 3619 Nineteenth st
MAN wants to work in bakery. W. HAAS,
1G41 Suiter st
MAN wants to work la salooa as porter. 232
¦ Stockton st. ,
A YOUNG boy wants position as cash boy.
Box 1142. Call.
MAN wants to work in a mine. Box 113S,
_CaIl office.
j REFRACTIONIST wants position. Box 13oT.
Call office.
; DREDGING engineer wants poeition de*l4n-
Ing or operating. Address box 13CS. CaU.
POSITION for short-hour work aa barber. Ad-
i dress box 1307. CaU office.
i BUTLER wants situation: small family; city
references. Box 1303. CaU office.
1 ¦ ——^—
! BARTENDER wants work. 30 Farran ave.
j "
! POSITION as teamster. Box 1322. CaU.
1 AN experienced stock boy - wants a position,
j Box 1212. Call.
' BOY wants Job in a bat store. Box 1193.
CaU office.
i YOUNG raan wants position %% pcrter ia
hotel. H. H., 6133 Jonea st
COMPETENT reliable bricklayer wants work.
Bnx 1114. Call.
WANTED — A job as fruit packer In couatry.
Bcx 1150. Call.
WANTED— By a your.e man. any kind of hard
work. Box 1149. Call orfice.
! WANTED — A Jcb as porter in wholesale house.
Box 1145. Call office.
WANTED — A position as a barkeeper. 3.
WOLF, 316 Jessie st
j YOUNG man would like posttion as collector
tn insurance ofnee. Ad-ires* box 1224. Call.
I Al JEWELER wishes position. Box 1225. Call
office.
YOUNG man wants to work In blacksmith
j shop. 7u2 McAllister st.
1 CIGAR traveler wants poaition: well acquaint-
ed with trade. Box 1312, CaU office.
: STEWARD wants position In springs hotel;
best references. Box i311, CaU.
I . _
EOY wants a job in a candy store. Box 1150.
CaU office.
A SOBER, industrious man wants a position
i at any kind Box 1243. Call.
: ENGINEER, with ocean license, who is flrst-
clas* machlnl«t. wants Job. Box 1316. Call.
! SITUATION wanted as a clerk. JOHN
I BLACKWELL. 143-T Dur>ont st.
I *
I GOOD driver would like Job. Address A., box
1353. Call effice.
j YOUNG man wants UeM work la a type
foundry. Box 1231, CaU.
! A MAN, very handy in tool shop, wishes posl-
tlrn. Bcx MIS. Call.
I LOCKSMITH wants position. 311^ Jessie st
i ALL around salesman desires position. 36
[ Fourth st.
¦ POSITION as driver of laundry wagon. Box
j 1313. 1CCS Market st
i POSITION wanted In city by Al mixocoglst
Box 1317. IOCS Market St.
' WANTED— Position as solicitor. Box 1300.
Call office.
1 A GOOD teamster wishes pesition. Apply 316
! Jessie rt
I AN experienced stationery, book and library
man de?irea employment Box 1202, CaU.
I SALESMAN acquainted with saloon trade de-
sires a position. O. A. S., 453 Minna st.
• WANT a position as night clerk. Box 1201.
Call office.
! A YOUNG man wants work of any kind. 641
Stevtnson St.. S. C. NATHAN.
) WANT a position as barkeeper. Box 1163,
Call office.
WANT a pesition as clerk. Box 11«>»,
Call office.
i WANTED— Position as clerk. Apply ROBERT
CHRISTIE. 30 Post st
-' WANTED — A jcb as dUhwasber. Address box
1319. CaU office.
1 WANTED by gardener, a place to look after.
j Address box 1230, CaU office.
I POSITION wanted as porter In city hotel. Ad-
i dress box 1324, CaU office.
WANTED — LlKht employroent of an7 kind.
ROBERT CHRISTIE. 30 Post st
> JOB wanttd as a porter. 213 Stevenson st
j KP.RAND boy wants a position^ Box 1343,
CaU office.
I WANTED — Pcsttton as errand boyT Box 1235,
Call office.
MOVING picture operator wants position. Box
1234, Call.
! AN experienced elevator curator wants posl-
tion. A. Y., 12 Geary court
! BOY want* position in wholesale house. Box
I 1311. CaU.
J A BOY wants a position aa an errand boy; good
references. Box 1233, CaU.
' BOY wculd like position as wagon boy. Box
\zn. Call. *
I A WRAPPER want* a position. Box 1238.
Call office.
i A BOY wants a position as office boy. Box
I 1290. Call. -
: AN e'*vator operator wants posttion; refer-
ences. Bcx 1207, CaU. .
WANTED — Situation as cook, city or country.
Box rKM^all.
LINOTYPIST. P. P. F. man. desires work.
Address H. GREGORY. 410 Post et j
DRAUGHTSMAN wants position ia or near i
S an Francisco. Address box 1333. CalL
YOUNG man would like position as stenogra-
pher and typewriter. Address box 1292, CaU.
AN experienced plumber wants work In the
city or country. Box 1238. CalL
BOY. 14 years old, wishes a steady Job. 3138
• Pierce «t
WANTED— A position as barkeeper. E.
MEIRSEL, 310 Jessie st .
BOY wants a position as aa errand boy.
Address box 1293. CaU office.
JOB wanted as a porter. 214 Stevenson street.
MAN wants any kind of work. 24 EUls street
WANTED — Situation as lunch . waiter.' C24
Sacramento st
AN elderly man wishes a situation to do light
wcrk in store. . Address H. B.. 1423 Stockton.
JAPANESE boy ., wants posltloa as. schoolboy
in family- TAKI, 1210 Larkin stTHE SAN FRANCISCO GALU> SUNDAY, -JUNEV 26,; lOfo.JA
46
MEDICAL, — Co-tlnaed.
A— DR. SYLVESTER. Office 219 Kearay sf
SPECIALIST FOR WOMEN.
18 years' experience without a failure.
Ladies suffering from ! Irregularities or any
aliment peculiar to -women save time and
money by consulting me first. My method of
treatment is ONLY CERTAIN and HARM-
LESS cure KNOWN to medical science, and
I POSITIVELY GUARANTEE IMMEDIATE
RELIEF from irregularities from whatever
cause or MAKE NO CHARGE. If others fall
to cure you come to me at once. ONE VISIT
WILL BE SUFFICIENT and I will help you.
Advice free. Interviews strictly private. AH
letters answered truthfully. CUT THIS OUT.
Hours 9 a. m.. to 9 p. m. Open Sundays.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, above Van Neas— Ex-
pert In obstetrics, female complaints; inst.
relief; treatment $10; hours 10 to 5; 23 yrs. ex.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original .nethod of treatment 1126 . Market.
Women, irregularities cured 3 days; $1 bottle;
$1 25 exp. Century Remedy Co., 405 Mtgy.
LADIES' irregularities cured; 18 years' ex.;
private. DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearay st
LADIES — Kumround: safe. sure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co., Seamy it Clay.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having secured lease ot
premises. Is permanently located at 511A
Leavenworth St., bet Geary and O'Farrell.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom at. comer
26th: ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
MATRIMONIAL.
A YOUNG gentleman; 28 years old, dark hair
and complexion, height 5 feet 0, refined and
educated, wishes the acquaintance of a young
lady of suitable age and kind disposition;
object matrimony. Box 2548, Call office.
FARMER (widower). 88 yealk old, will pro-
vlde a nice home for a kind, true wife,
wants to correspond with a lady who would
like to live m the country; object matrimony.
Box 843. Call office. To. v* ;
WIDOWER In the northern part of the State,
no tncumbrance, 37 years old: has property
and a good salary, wishes to correspond with
a lady matrimonially inclined. Box 1028,
Call office,
WIDOWER unlncumbered. has property, hon-
est and sober, and can make a true wife a
good home, wishes to meet a lady; object
1 matrimony. Box 1067. Call office. /
GENTLEMAN, Catholic, 27 years, black hair,
blue eyes, has a good home, fond of amuse-
ments, would like to meet a lady; object
: matrimony. Box 25S0. Call office.
A VERY attractive young lady. 25 years old,
; black hair, brown eyes, would like to meet
a young man of good character; object mat-
rimony. Box 3569. Call offlcel
GENTLE-MAN, middle-aged, needs sensible
wife partner quick with 12000 to patent one
of tho beet mining propositions In California.
Address box 1214, Call office.
A YOUNG man, 28, sober and Industrious, some
j cash and a good position, would like to cor-
respond with young lady; object matrimony.
Box 3509. Call office. : $*?
WIDOW. 40, brunette, medium height, lively
disposition and fond of amusements, would
like to meet a gentleman; object matrimony.
Box 878. Call office.
YOUNG widow. 23. unincumbered. with $5000,
wishes to meet gentleman of refinement; ob-
ject. matrimony. " Box 1287. Call.
MOSEY TO IfOAS. y
AAA— HER_Xn MURPHY?" "~"" ~
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointments.
Save expenses by deallnr directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; .property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount oa % -j ',. ,
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estat* or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest. . ,
Give full particulars
: of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 490. Call office.
SALARY LOANS— ~~~
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453, Parrott bldg.
AAA — Interest 6 r/r cent (read Sunday papers).
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK
...City, Oakland, Town. Country Property...
MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (city agents),
107-8 Crocker building — Post-Market sts.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch, 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protected
from burglaries by electricity. . PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton; phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; large business in 46
principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.; 21 Stockton
at (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
CONFIDENTIAL loans to salaried people; dla-
monds, other securities. Room 336. Fhelan
building. 5th floor.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal:
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st, rm. 7.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st
MONEY 'loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton et.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans en diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearay.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. 8.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal;
i no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81, 6 Eddy st.
j 1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
I Savings Bank building, 708 Market at.
1% PER cent on furniture and pianos; no conv
I charged. ELFVING. 610 Hearst bid.. Ex. ent.
• CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
. Indpraer. MORELL, 609 Examiner building.
. CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call.l« pages, sent to any address In .the
, United States or Canada one year for $1.
! ~~ ' — ~~ ~— 1
j MO.VEV WAITED.
I WANTED— To borrow $1200 at 7 per cent In-
terest; secured by real estate; Interest and
part principal payable monthly; no loan
companies need answer. Box 1333, Call.
WANTED— $400 at 10 per cent and $S00 at 9
per cent: choice suburban lots. O. E., box
1239. Call office. . -^
HEADQUARTERS ¦ for renting pianos, both
new>and second-hand, from $2 50 per month
upward. We have at this time some splendid
bargains . for piano , purchasers. Olve us a
call. We can assure you prompt, ¦ courteous
and liberal treatment. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 560-C2-64 Hayes st
A FEW good uprights, returned ' from rent,
comprising such makes as Chlekerlnfr. Vose,
Steinway, Steck. Sterling, Curtajt, Neuman,
Erard, Halnes and many. others; prices rea-
sonable ; easy ¦ terms ; all guaranteed. BEN-
JAMIN CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'FarreH st
A' FISCHER upright piano for sale; good as
new; $135. 237 Geary st :¦-.. ,
AT firewood prices ; unredeemed storage pianos
- and furniture. W'hltehead's storage, 1636 Mkt
$60 FOR a fine upright If you want a bargain
calt at HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister. , .
GOOD standard upright piano for sale; $83.
STATHAM, 110 McAllister st
SOUHER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st
$165 — STEINWAY upright ; -private party; no
reasonable cash offer refused.' 237 Geary , st
NEW upright * pla nos sold on $5 monthly . pay-
• ments. SCHMITZ - CO.. • 16 ' McAllister st
S-PEDAL Steinway. up; Chlckering baby grand;
" Rhonlnger. little u**d. Keeffe's. 285 O'FarreH.
offices and; storks. to: let.
POWELL. 143, near corner O'Farrell— Splendid
offices to let; also ground floor; best location.
STORE to let; 'suitable for any. business; good
location. 1348 Valencia; st- ¦<•• v.' ,
PAL3IISTUY.
A— MME. LYMAN. > scientific palmist recently
from East 510 Eddy St.; phone Polk 4611. ¦
MADAME DEVAS.' palmist -and i astrologer!
. Llebea bldg.. 139 Post et; : hours 10 to 5.. ; <
U. JEROME FOSELLI. ; scientific palmist. 615
Taylor st, near Geary. Phone Black 561.
I ROOMS FOR ; HOPSEkEEPraG--Coii.
¦* JESSIE, 333— Large sunny - front room, fur-
nished housekeepingr~gaa range, sink, $3 wk.
JESSIE. 430, between Fifth and Sixth— 3 sunny
connecting rooms, cheap;, best in town. -.
JONES, 215-^Sunny, : newly papered suite: run-
ning water, gas; housekeeping; reasonable.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
- Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
, ed. electrio lighted; free baths; rates reaa.
LAGUNA. 1507— An elegantly furnished 3-
room suite; modern conveniences; private
family; reasonable.
LARKIN, 002 — Corner house; nicely furnished
sunny front rooms; housekeeping or lodgings.
LARKIN. 819^— Sunny housekeeping room;
gas stove and bath; $10 per month.
LARKIN.1007. cor.Postr— The Cragburn, H. Bur-
llngame.prop. ; rms. .single & hkpgr. apartments.
{ MCALLISTER, 3O— Sunny double room for
light housekeeping.
MISSION. SOS— Sunny furnished housekeeping
s rooms.' ' '
MISSION. 1905—3 housekeeping rooms, with
eras and running water and telephone; no
objection to a little child.
NATOMA, 701, comer Eighth — Sunny houa«-
keepinr rooms;, no children.
OAK, 10 — 2 rooms complete for housekeeping:
use of piano.". v :~- 1 "-,
OAK. 117. 53S McAllister— Rooms, complete;
$5 to $12; gas range, hot bath; adults.
OAK, 336 — Large sunny housekeeping room;
. running water; 2 large closets.
OAK, 1473 — Two furnished front rooms; house-
keeping; facing Park Panhandle; bath, gas.
O'FARRELLpTeO — Nicely furnisBed housekeep-
ing rooms.
O'FARRELL, 818 — Housekeeping suite, lower
floor; also nice sunny alcove room; reaa.
O'FARRELL, 1395 — Nicely furnished sunny
front housekeeping suite In new cor. flat; $16.
PAGE, 278 — Two or three sunny housekeeping
' rooms. ¦
PAGE, 1934— Nice, neat horn* for light nouee-
" keeping; two or three rooma. ______
PEARL, 3, comer Market— 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms. $14; phone; no children.
PINE. 912— 2 furnished rooms ; private house;
gas. water, phone, bath Included.
PINE, 1310. near Hyde^-Sunny unfurnished;
parlor floor; 3 rooms; grate, sink; adults; $20.
POLK, 522^ — Newly I furnished, sunny front
suites for housekeeping; $16 to $20; also sin-
gle rooms. -- .
Folk, 1643, cor. Clay— 3 large, nicely fur-
nished sunny front housekeeping rooms. $18.
RAUSCH, 91 — Nlo* housekeeping rooms to let.
SACRAMENTO, 1332, near Jones—Single fur-
nlshed room, with bath. ; > -'¦';
SACRAMENTO, 1332—2 rooms, furnished for
housekeeping. "f *...''-•'.-*-'
SCOTT. 300. northeast comer Pare, near
Haight-at car: two newly furnished, aunny,
connecting rooms: bath, gas range, dishes;
everything complete, '
SECOND. 434—2 large pleasant rooma for
housekeeping; large yard. ' ,-
SEVENTH, 191 — Large sunny bay-window
housekeeping rooms; $2 up.
I SIXTH, 205— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
•• ing; gas ranges, water, phone. t \
SUTTER. 871 — Nicely furnished rooms; light
housekeeping.
TAYLOR, 504— Flat of 4 fine furnished house-
keeplng rooms: also single rooms.
TENTH. 140— Furnished, one lovely, cozy
housekeeping; gas stove, folding bed; private.
TURK, 810— Parlor floor of 4 rooms for house-
• keeping; also large front sunny aulte. with
running water.
TWELFTH. 145 — Nicely furnished rooms "for
housekeeping. '
TWELFTH, 232—2 or 3 complete for house-
keeping: all conveniences; adults.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 3174 — Sunny housekeeping
rooms;. two or three; gas stove and bath.
TWENTY-SIXTH and Castro, 4212 — Sunny
fur, room: bath and use of kitchen.
VAN NESS ave.. 31 — Alcove parlor; gas, small
kitchen, gas stove; sunny.
VAN NESS ave, 710 — Furnished* rooms for
housekeeping.
VAN NESS ave., 815—3 pleasant rooms for
housekeeping.
VAN NESS, 1400— Nicely apart-
ments for hskpg.; gunny and prices reas.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
• Call branch offlce.cor.Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market et, opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. in.
-.PABTME-T HOUSES.
A— EL DRISCO APARTMENTS.
COR. PACIFIC AVE. AND BRODERICK ST.;
3 4 AND 5 ROOMS: FURNISHED OR UN-
FURNISHED: COMMANDS AN UNSUR-
PASSED VIEW OF THE ENTIRE CITY,
OCEAN AND BAY: YOUR .INSPECTION
SOLICITED: BEST OF REFERENCES RE-
QUIRED. MRS. N. FOSTER. LESSEE.
ST. ANDRE APARTMENT^
1230 PINE ST., NEAR HYDE.
NEW MANAGEMENT; ' MODERN AND
FIRST-CLASS: 2 TO 5 ROOM SUITES;
I PRIVATE HALLS AND BATHS; FUR-.
' NISHED OR UNFURNISHED: PHONES.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. ELEVATOR; CARS
PASS DOOR. '
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness ave. —
The acme ot perfection In modem, elegantly
furnished 3-room apartments, with private
baths, steam heat, elec light elev.. ras range.
CHESTERFIELD. 637- Bush — New modern
house; 2-3-4 ror.m apartments; convenient lo-
cation; reasonable.
EL CAMELLO. 1710 Washington— 2 to 6 room
apartments, newly furnished or unfurnished;
' sunny; moderate.-
ST. LAWRENCE," 1335 Mason— Just opened;
sunny modern 2. 3, 4 room apartments; fur-
nished or unfurnished.
THE Lyona, southwest cor. Lyon and Pine ats.
— -Just completed; new, modern apartment-
hou5e; 4 rooms and bath to each apartment.
GCLDEN GATE Apartments (321 Golden Gate
ave.) — 2, 3 and 4 room suites; now open.
ST. HILIARE Apartments, 1523 Laguna st,
near Geary— Just opened, new, modern house.
ST. LOUIS, 1575 Jackson sf — Modern 3-4-5
roonm; furn. orunfurn.: refa. Tel. Ea«t 1.T.VY
HOOMS TO LET^Fnrn. and t'nfiir-.
HOTEL REX, •
242 TURK ST.. SAN' KRANCISCO.
PHONE PRIV. EX. 660.
NEW FIRE-PROOF BUILDING.
15S ROOMS;. ELEGANTLY FUR-
NJSHED SUNNY SUITS. . WITH
PRIVATE BATH: ALSO SINGLE
ROOMS; THOROUGHLY MOD-
ERN AND UP TO DATE: TELE-
PHONES IN ALL ROOMS: ELEC-
TRIC LIGHTS; STEAM HEAT.
¦ -'-¦ ¦ \- ' -1111 ¦
ELEVATOR SERVICE DAY AND NIGHT.
SPECIAL RATES TO TOURISTS
AND , TRAVELING SALESMEN.
A — THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN: 150 ROOMS; 35 SUITES
WITH ,- PRIVATE BATH: . ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT; TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM;
SUITES WITH BATH, $1 50 TO k -«3-50 PER
i DAY; SINGLE ROOMS, 75c to $1; HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
; SOUTH 1041. -. - - . - « ' ¦
..-'..•,- ASHWORTH HOTEL, .-..= ¦
320 Mason "St.; bet. .Geary and O'Farrell.
Rooms with or without private bath.
~ ;. New ; addition - just completed; entire - housa
newly renovated; sun In rooma all day.'
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth at— Rooms
:¦¦ 25c to $1 per night, $1-23 to $5 per week and
. light housekeeping , rooms; open all night'. '
AT -"The Almonte." . 8f3 Market St.* (or No. 1
Fifth et)— Rooms, 25c. 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
. $150 to $10 week; house open all night.
A— 510 VAN_NESS; elegantly furnished front
- parlors ?wliK alcoves: ; suits : and singles.
ALDINE,' 404 ;• Turk— Two' rooms; running
water: ( $6 and $M-per month.
ABERDEEN,' 830 Sutter— Corner rooms; sunny/
¦'•: elegant; , homelike; central;: tourists; reas. v
AHLBORN HOUSE.. 323 Grant lave., 8. F. —
.-•:. 100 rooms; 35c day. ud: $1 50 week.uo. '
AN unfurnished room.- Box 125S. Call office.
BRYANT. 458,'. near , Third— Newly J furnished
¦ room; bath and gas; $6.' ' ,
ROOMS TO LET— r nm. aad 17- far-.
*¦— ~--.,. .- .. . ...i,.,.,.. . . • ¦ ¦
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fnr-
nlshed rooms, eulte. single; sjso unfurnished.
BUSH; 324-^-Nlcely furnished rooms; centrally
located ; . terms reasonable, j
I BUSH. 806 — Alcove and slngl* room for gentle-
men : with good references; private family.
BUSH. 031 — 3 nice furnished roonif: first door;
sunny ¦ and convenient; baths and ga»
CALD7ORNIA, 1001. upstairs— Nicely ' fur-
nished large sunny room for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
CALIFORNIA. 1614 — Furnished room; suitable
for gentleman.
CLARA, 83. near Fourth — Large sunny front
room; furnished for gentlemen; running
water.
CLAY. 622 — Nicely furnished rooms to let
CLARA, 142 — Furnished single room to let
CLEMENTINA, 426— Sunny furnished front
room: $1 50 a week.
CLEMENTINA. 668— Furnished room to let
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DEVISADERO. 1301A— Elegant furnished sun-
ny rooms.
DEVISADERO. 1317— Nice, sunny, furnished
room.
EDDY. 494 — Sunny, furnished room; running
water.
EDDY. 627 — Furnished sunny room to let
EDDY, 1322— Furnished rooms for rent .
EDDY 1522—2 eunny furnished rooms; reas-
onable.
ELEVENTH. 21— Elegant rooms, single or en
suite; furnished or unfurnished; references.
ELEVENTH, 102V, — Three unfurnished rooms.
ELLIS, 860— Newly furnished aunny parlor
to let; separately or In aulte; rent reason-
able.
FIFTH. 33 — Rooma to let
FIFTH, 153*4 — Nice aunny room.
FIFTH ave. Eouth, 1139 — Rooma to let
-
: FILLMORE, 023 — Sunny furnished room for
lady.
FILLMORE. 1007, cor. McAllister— Nicely fur-
nished corner room, suitable for 2 gentle-
men; bath; modern.
FILLMORE. 1722— Sunny furnished front
rooms to let - .
FOLSOM. 521 — To rent three large, sunny
rooms, en suite or single; rent reasonable.
FOLSOM. 608. Aurora— Nicely furnished rooms,
single or en suite; prices reasonable.
FOURTH. 497 — Furnished and^ unfurnished
room* to let
FOURTEENTH, 84. near Folsom— Sunny front
room for 1 or 2; with or without board. %
FRANKLIN. 423, cor. Fulton— Furnished
rooms.
FRANKLIN, 423, cor. Fulton — Furnished
rooms. -.
FRANKLIN. 721. near. O. G. ave. — Sunny fur-
nished front room; all conveniences; for 2,$12.
FULTON, 27— Nicely furnished room; smltabt*
for two rentlemen; references.
FURNISHED rooms to let Box 1186, Call
office.
FURNISHED rooms to let. Box 1351, Call.
FURNISHED rooms to let 3ox 1352. CalL
FURNISHED rooms. Box 1349, Call.
GEART. 620 — Sunny room for rent; famished.
GEARY, 654 — Newly furnished rooms.
__
GEARY, 1410— Nicely furnlahed room.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 23 night; $1 50 to JU wlc; readlng-rm.
GROVE, 1496 — Two furnished rooms to let
HARRISON, 784%. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; homelike; $1 wees:
up. \
HARRISON. 800 ti — Nicely furnished sunny
room; $1 per week.
HARRISON,' 1114 — Nicely furnished room;
large enough for 2; bath and -gas.
HAYES, 130—2 newly furnished rooma; on*
front __ - -
HAYES, 136, cor. Van Ness ave. — On* largo
room: one single; rent $10 and $6.
HOTEL DUFFERIN. 740 Ellis— Elegantly fur-
nlshed suites and single rooms.
HOWARD, 737Vj— Nicely furnished rooms for
gentlemen; from $1 50 up.
HOWARD. 743 — Furnished rooms.
HOWARD, 762 — Large sunny front room; bath
and gas; suitable for 2 gents; reasonable.
HOWARD. 841A— Flrst-clasa board and room,
single or double, $5-$0 wk.; American family.
HOWARD, 012 — Furnished rooms.
HOWARD. 1333— Furnished rooms to let
HOWARD, 1540, bet. 11th -and 12th— Five
large rooms; bath: waahtubs; rent $22 50.
HOWARD. 1710 — Large sunny room, furnished;
piano, etc.: or two rooms for housekeeping.
HOTEL Rex. 242 Turk st — Furnished rooms.
I Box 1522, 1008 Market st.
; ¦
HYDE, 334 — Front, sunny, bay window, for
1 or 2; other rooms; hot and cold running
water: bath.
JESSIE. 174 i -.Fumlshed . rooms.
JESSIE, 363, east U. S. Mint— Furnished rooms,
$5. $6 and $10; large. 2 beds.
JONES -207 (Van Winkle) — Furnished sunny
mis.; suite or single; rents preferred; $2 up.
JONES 515B— A sunny front eulte $14; and
other" sunny rooms and bath; reasonable.
JONES. 019 — A comfortable, sunny room, all
conveniences; private family; reasonable;
gentleman. . .
KEARNY. 26^i — Sunny suites and single
rooms.
KEARNY. 306, cor. Bush — Nicely furnished
sunny rooms and bath . at reasonable prices.
LADY will sublet suite In her luxurious apart-
ments; gent; ref.; steam heat: elevator;
handsomely furnished or unfurnished. The
Warren, cor. Post and Jones sts:, apart. 5.
LAFAYETTE. 13 — Furnished rooms. .
LARKIN, 716 — 2 sunny furnished rooms; $14. -
LARKIN. 804 — Single room. for gentleman.
LARKIN. 1042 — Front sunny room; single; us*
of bath. • '
LEAVENWORTH. ' 716 — Single furnished room
with bath. '\
LILY ave., 308^. near Laguna— Sunny front
- room for lady.
LAUSSAT ave.'. 269 — Two furntshed or unfur-
nished rooms: gentlemen preferred.
MARKET. 783%— Rooms to let. '
MABKET. 905 — Furnished rooms/ '
MARKET. 093— Furnished rooms.
MARKET 1049A.The Falmouth— Sunny rooms;
hot and cold water; elevator; $S to $7.
MARKET," 1654^ — Furnished rooms to let.
MARKET. 1654— Furnished rooms to let.
MARKET. 1654— Furnished rooms to let. *
MARKET.. 1654— Furnished suite' to'let ' V
' MARY, 20," near Fifth and Mission— Single
-room. $1 25; double : $1,50. '-, ;
MASON, 823— Sunny suite; also single room;
- running water; reasonable.
MCALLISTER. 30— Sunny front room for busi-
ness office: bay window; gas; water; fur-
nished ; . 4 car lines within block : also Iarga
-•' aunny alcove room, furnished, students pre-
ferred; also Ught housekeeping rooms.
ROOM!* TO LET--FBHI. aad Cafan.
MASON. 823— Nicely furnished suite; also sin-
gle room. '
MCALLISTER. 614— Furnished room to lat,
MCALLISTER. 9_ta— Housekeeplnr rooma fo»
rent '
MIKxtA. 140— Furnished rooms to let.
MINNA. M5 — Sunny, front room for ono or
two gentlemen; reasonable.
MISSION. 2245 — Front room with bath and
phone; cheap.
i '
MISSION. 2260— Fnralshed room to lat.
MONTGOMERY. 109— Furnished rooma to laC
MONTGOMERY. 127— Furnished rooms.
MONTGOMERY, 127— Furnished rooms to lat.
MONTGOMERY, 131— Furnished rooma to let.
MISSION. 553— To "let, furnlahed.
NATOMA. 41— Sunny furntshed room to rent.
— »¦
NATOMA. 73>,i— Room, suitable for ©n« or
two: rent $4.
NATOMA. 514. rear Sixth — Sunny furnlahed
front roomi* orivate family.
NATOMA. 5C1B— Sunny single room to rent;
private German family.
NATOMA. 715— Large unfurnished room to let.
NINTH. 147 — Larrs- sunny room, sultahl* for
| one or two persons.
OAK. 40— Nicely furnished, •unny, front room.
CFARRELL, 224— Nicely furnished rooms;
suite or single; modern improvements.
O'FARRELL. 624 — Large sunny front room;
nicely furnished; for gentleman.
O'FARRELL. 1324% — Furnished tunny room.
CFARRELL. 1412— Nicely furnished room In
private faintly; suitable for gentleman.
O'FARRELL. 1438, nr. Buchanan — A nice*
sunny, furnished room; all conveniences;
call for particulars.
CFARRELLs 1520, near Buchanan — On* lanra
nicely furnished room, sultabl* for two; $9.
PAGE. 273—3 snnny rooms with bath; $13.
PAGE, 278— Double parlors, kitchen and bath,
furnished; $27.
PERRY^, 103— Furnished room and boar*.
PINE. 706ii — 2 single rooms for gentlemen. $T
and $10; all new and clean.
PINE, 032^ — Beautiful, sunny, aleo— a suits,
"modern fiat; refined family; with board!
bath; phone; gentlemen preferred.
POLK. 431 — A furnished room to let; for gen-
tlemen.
POST. 242 — Lar«re eunny room, furnished; ran-
¦nlnr water. Phona Jamea 1.
POST. 242 — A sunny large front room; watsrj
also single; $10. Telephone Jamea 1.
POST. 242 — Elegantly furnished eunny front
room; also single; $10 room.
POST, 931 — Large sur.nz room; bath; phona]
gents; $7.
POST. SS9. near Hyde— La Tt* furnished front
room; bath; gas; for 1 or 2 genta.
POWELL, 506 — Nice- rooms for gentleman.
POWELL. 506 — Sunny front room; rua nlas
water.
RIPLEY. 137 — Furn— hed rooma.
ROYAL House. 126 Ell's— Incandescent Ughta,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $3
to $S; month, $9 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SACRAMENTO. 1332—2 farnUhed rooms; bath.
SECOND. 37— Room to let.
SECOND. 204 — Rooma.
SENTINEL, 879 Turk, on JeCerson Square—
Modern apartments.
SEVENTH. 140 — Nice furnished aunny rooms;
central location; reasonabl* chance*.
SHOTWELL, 211 — A aunny suit* of house-
keeping rooms: also single room.
SIXTH, 240 Vi — Furnished rooms, day. waek or
month; location central and reasonable.
SIXTH. 224 — Nice largo sunny room; central
location: reasonable.
STEVENSON. 257 — Light room, $1 week;
hous«kpg. room $1 75; front parlor own price.
STEVENSON, 635— Sunny furnished room for
two gentlemen.
SUTTER. 361 (Larchmont) — S3 to $6 per wceki
modern; hot and cold water; baths fra*.
SUTTER. 3C9— Furnished rooma.
SUTTER, 703 — Dtslrable sunny, well-furnished
rooms; bath: electric lights; reasonable.
SUTTER. 823— Nicely famished rooma; $10
and $12 per month.
' SUTTER. 869 — Nicely furnished rooma; Ught
housekeeping:.
SUTTER. 1632—3 elesrant furnished rooms.
TAYLOR. 615B — Handsomely furnished alcova
suite. $12; suitable 2; private family; bath.
THE ST. KATHRYN.
N E. COR. LEAVENWORTH ANT>
ELLIS— SUNNIEST AND CLEANEST
ROOMS IN THE CITY: BATH3: HOT
AND COLD WATER IN EVERY
ROOM; ELEVATOR SERVICE; MOD-
ERN CONVENIENCES; VRO-t $3
PFR WEEK. *
THE VIRGINIA. 1005 Powell — Nicely famish-
ed apartments; bay window; gas rasre;
bath; always sunny; also single; reasonable.
I "THE CRESCENT." 216 Powell — Sunny furn-
; ished rooms from $1 75 per week up.
i THIRD. 73 — Fnralshed rooms.
! " ~ '
! THIRD, 87 — Furnished rooms.
1 _____ 1
1 TURK. S25 — Furnished rooms.
j~~ "~"__H "
TURK. 323 — Sunny rooms; single.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market — 400
rooms. 35c to $1 night $1 73 to $3 weak; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water la every
room: elevator, rcad.-room; free bus; btTgaJfc
VAN NESS ave.. 7. near Market — Lors« __•
: cove; fur. or unfur.; running water; gas.
1 ~— ~ ___z_ ,
VAN 1 NESS ave., 711 — Furnished, annny room.
VAN Ness ave., 928 — Larg« sunr.y room in
modern corner fiat for married couple; par-
lor; piano; bath; phone; also aingl* room. $3.
VAN NESS. 1106— Nice furnished rooms for
-gentlemen; select neighborhood.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
. Most convenient and respectable; 70O rooma;
35c. to $1 SO nicht; $2 to $S week; elevator:
elec lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan A Church ats.
! A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
«f advert tsements and subscription* has been
- opened at 1006 Market at. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
WOLF Hcus*. 202 Sixth , st— Rooms from 13a
to $1 per night and from 00c to $3 per week.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Dun,can tt Church sts.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
THIS SELECT FAMILY HOTE_. BEAUTI-
FULLY SITUATED ON THE FINEST COR-
NER OF VAN NESS AVE.. NOW THOR-
OUGHLY RENOVATED AND EQI^PPEO
WITH ALL THE LATEST IMPROVEMENTS.
. IS READY TO RECEIVE GUESTS.
I 1013 VAN NESS. COR. GEART.
I APPLY TO MRS. E. WtNDELE. MANAGER.
. VALLEJO, 1130. cor. Leavenworth. 1 block to
Hyde-st. cars — Nexrlir furn. sunny front rms..
running water; excellent home cooking; small
prtv. family: refined, homelike; piano, phoney
laundry, yard; nice warm location; reason'ble.
EDDY. 813 — Most select central location in,
modern elegantly ' furnished private house:
borne, cooking unsurpassed: board , optional.
BOARDERS wasted at 1M Third itrat £.
WFI.P XV A TTK n— M K I -R— r an.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade; wages
while learning. 741A Howard st ¦
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
fhlpa. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st
&AILORS and ordinary eeamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st
PENSION Atty.,E. A. Bullis, r.40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. O. A. R.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. ¦ m.
ALL sizes men's sboea, allghtly damaged, half
price. 5C3 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to Roc. 663 Mission st. bet Jet and 2d sts.
HSLP WAKfTEP — SAI.ESMEIT.
SALESMEN wanted who can sell "Blue Sky";
bewitching, enticing, winning; merchants buy
quick, make money, are satisfied; commission;
expenses edvanced to those with succensful
record; new; $400 weekly being made. Spe-
cialty Dept. 3SW, P. O. box 355. Chicago. 111.
TRAVELING salesman by a large wholesale
house to 6P.H central stores In California;
position permanent. P. A. WATSON, Sales
Manager. 06 Fifth ave.. Chicago.
HELP WANTED — SOLICITORS.
THE best genuine business proposition on the
market; pleasant; permanent; profitable: no
fake cr investment. 4C9 Grant Building,
Seventh and Market sts.
SOLICITOR wanted; liberal commission to
right party. 31C O'Farrell st Monday 10 a.m.
IIOKSES A-NU WAGOSS.
FOR Bale — Pacing mare, $175; 7 years old, very
fast; gentle in every respect; safe for wo-
man to drive; will go double. For particu-
lars address box 960, Call office.
WANTED — Young, sound pole team that can
thow 4-minute gait &a gentleman'a roadsters.
W. L. WILLIAMSON, veterinary surgeon.
Market and Valencia ets.. bet 0-10 a. m.
LARGE, dapple gray horse, suitable for aurrey
- or business buggy, for sale fcr want of use.
1201 Valencia st
A CENTLE. good horse for eale; works single
or double or In a buggy or a top wagon. 60
Webster St. I
FOR sale — Black saddle horse and 6 blocky
horses from 1000 pounds to 1100 pounds; Just
from country; cheap. 634 Devlsadero at. '
FOR sale or exchange for surrey, a fine, large.
handsome bay horse; very fast Box 1162,
Call office. _,,
BAY mare, 6 years old, gentle, eound; works
single or double; about 1100 pounds. Lurllne
Stables, 1359 Bush st.
EXTRA fine camp wagon, with paraphernalia;
also several work and driving horses. 875
Folsom st.
TWO stylish carriage teams. Just arrived, at
605 Golden Gate eve.
FOR sale — Cheap; a good road buggy. 851S
Twentieth st. near Mission.
W T ANTED— To buy a light driving buggy;
state price. Box S53, Call office.
CAMP teams, $25. $30; wagon horse. $35; har-
ness; colt. $25; double express. 272S Bryant.
WANTED— A stylish saddle horse. Box 1037,
Call office.
SORREL horse for sale; 7 years old; gentle
and sound. Box 2583. Call office.
NEARLY new low-set wagon; capacity 900
pounds. S43 Howard at.
NICE family cow, giving nearly 4 gallons of
milk dally. 4039 Twenty-sixth st . ._
FOR sale— A well matched team of ponies;
will either ride or drive. Apply at 224 8th.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horses, wag-
ons, surreys, buggies, carts and harness; at
4140 Folsom st.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa.
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson. S.F.
A — FINE black caddie* horse for eale. Inquire
6C5 Golden Gate ave.
; 6 GOOD horses for eale cheap. 327 Elxth st.
WAGONETTES, eurreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness, work end driving horses. lSth-Valencla.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 piges. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
HOUSES TO LET. '
i A — PRINTED list of houses to let: send fcr cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & Co.. 20 Montgomery.
PACIFIC ave.. 1640. near Polk— House of 5
rooms and bath; rent $25. VON RHEIN
REAL ESTATE CO.. C13 California st
HO. SKS > o I.K'i I'lIU »MKII
FURNISHED cottage, 7 rooms; near Key
route and S. P.; $24. 003 Fifty-eighth st.
Oakland. .-..- .
HOUSES TO LET — SATJBA-TTO.
SA*USALITO — Six rooms and bath cottage;
furnished or unfurnished; for four months
from July 1. Box 2601. Call office.
HOUSES TO IET — COT7-~~-T.
' CALISTOGA. Napa — Cottage cf 3 rooms and
kitchen, furnished, $10. Inquire 64 Haight
! HOUSES FL'HMSIIEU FOll SALES.
S-ROOM house; well furnished; fine piano; long
I lease; rent $30; at a bargain If sold at once.
Address box 1328. Call office. .
HOUSES. WANTED— FURNISHED.
; WANTED — A completely furnished house or
* fiat of 6 rooms. Address with price, etc., box
Hi57, Call offlc*.
HOUSES WANTED.
: HOUSE or cottage; eight or nine rooms; West-
ern Addition. Address box 1269, Call office.
HOUSES WANTED — SUBURBAN.
: WANTED — Furnished house of about 4 rooms
', for July and August In Oakland, Alameda or
Berkeley; careful, responsible party. Ad-
dress box 11S5. Call office. ,
IKVALID CHAIES.
j SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturers of
! Eames tricycle chair. 201S Mkt; tel. Park 775. ,
= i
; IS\ 12ST.MIS.\TSi.
I GOOD investment — A limited number of shares
at ~~>c per share; this stock will be worth i
'¦ one <lf>llar ($1) per share within a year; call
cr write Osccola Mining and Development
Company, 414 C.-ossiey building, S. F. .-;¦
LOST A*D KOU.VU.
LOST — Lady's small enameled watch; . keep-
sake; between Taylor and Stockton on Bush
• St.; reward. Proprietor Seven Oaks Hotel.
I LOST — JUne 14, dark brown pointer bitch;
i Kray chest; reward for return or Information.
! lul Bartlett st, cor. Twenty-second.
j LOST— English setter bitch, on Nineteenth st;
bell; black and white. Return 1525 Ellis st;
i reward.
LOST — Gentleman's scarf pin; suitable reward
paid. 107 Clay Et.
LOST — A passtxiok with tlie Hlbernla Savings
and Lean Society of San Francisco In the
name of HARRIET W. ARMSTRONG. No.
: 76-454. The tinder will please return to bank.
i LOST — On Market et. pocket-book containing
money, keys and private papers. Return . to
BOB KERN, 634 Market st; liberal reward.
LOST— Frcm 1712 Turk Et, two Irish setters.
Return same and receive reward.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
tg pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per, year.
LAUNCHES FOB HXRE,
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., fooTof Clay
'at.; /or pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Mlchaells Launch Co..Unlon-st Wharf; boat-
- Ing & excursions. 6 Eteuart at'; tel. John 2680.
SIEDICAX-
LADIES ' desiring aafe, sure and quick relief
- from irregularities • consult me; my -methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE: 17 years' experience In all fe-
male dlaorders: call or write. DR. WHITE.
702 Market ct, rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. cpeciallst for all female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed: 80 years' experience. 826 Post st
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
rr.ale troubles and Irregularities; Instant ¦ re-
lief guaranteed.* 1008H Market st. opp. 6th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pllla
sold; crice $2 50 by express.. Pasteur" •
syringe and tablets; price $5. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
\ Broadway. . Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— Ah who are sick or
In trouble consult thla cpeciallst on ¦ female
complaints ; positively corrected f the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice me. Office, 1018 Market st. J
TTK1.P XVAr.TF.n— M M.B— Co-tin-**-
TO-DAY.
OFFICE OPEN
TO-DAY (SUNDAY).
artTUlAY _ READT. rhon#> Main 6843.
C34 _nd €36 Ciay et: BS48 phone Main.
Leeiling Emplostnrnt and Labor Agents. -
SPANISH— GERMAN— FRENCH.
ITALIAN— SWISS — GREEK.
NEVADA STATE— 8 HOURS.
Government Work — Free Fare.
CCS teamsters. $2 to $2 SO day
I>riIlerB. hammersmen. etc. $<6 to **>¦
ejiedal shipment of one passenger car to-day
AIUZONA— FLORENCE— ARIZONA.
1050 MILES— $10 60.
2 epedal passengers dally over Santa F».
UrU'.ere rockmen teamsters, Jaborera, •to.,
J2. $2 L0. $3 to $3 50 day.
SOUTH— 406 MILES— $4 0«— SOUTH.
655 teamsters, you'll suit. $00.
TO TH_ LUMBER. "
(3 laborer*; no experience needed. $60; 2
carriage setters, head logger for woods. 5.5
IRnd found: 10 Scandinavian laborers, caw-
mill co. $G0; screw turners, hook tenders,
wicermeii. logger who understands rigging,
'-iM found: 6hing!e packers, cut-off sawyers,
moloer etleker hand, cut-off eawyer run
_TSrJ5*~ST Ground blackamlth. and
helpers city and country Jobs. $4. *3 60, %i,
$2 60 day.
2 jticker hands. $4.
ts coopere slack work, north and eouth.
P sa.«h ar.d door hands. $3 to $3 60 day.
4 plumbers. $4 day.
136 WOODCHOPPERS. TTEMAKERS,
LABORERS. TEAMSTERS.
03 scraper and wagon teamsters. $2 25 a day.
Re* laborers, all over California, torn* In ban
rrweteco. $2 and $2 60 a day. . .
28 hsrvect hands, sack sewers, pitchers, etc.,
_ ,uy 'flj™^ BTAEI _-_- N .
u milkers, extra cood Jobs; come and see,
$35, $40 and found. „
H19 stablemen, city and ccuatry Jobs. $73, tea.
$35 and found. ,„,
48 c*>oremen and beys, different Jobs, $00.
530. $25 and found.
MURRAY & READY,
C34 and C30 Clay gt
MILKER and wife. Northern Cal.. $50 and fd.
4 fanr-ens and wive*. $50. $60. $70 and fd.
MURRAY - READY. Co4 and C36 Pay et
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
TAMALE maker. $40 and found.
1-2 cockj. different places. $30 to $65 and fi
waiters, different places, $30 to $40 and fd.
7 dishwashers. $23, $30. $S5 and found,
'orters bell and elevator boys, pantry men.
IUKRAY - READY. 034 and C36 Pay st
3NER. tare $1. $12 week,
langle baud, tare $L $10 week. .
IURRAY & READY. C34 and C36 Clay at
LABORERS fr>r sawmill, no experience
ceded, fare $2 25. $35 and found.
0 machine miners. Bold mine. *90.
Iocs woodsman, north; see boss here; $90 fd.
men to make shake* and epilt staves, red-
rood larye firm, boss here. $50 and Sound,
painters, city. $2 50 a day.
lar-g edgerman, eawrr.Ul. $75.
leat cutter, pa rktac- house, city, $15 week;
¦¦aiter. mine. $25 found.
'allyman lumber company. $40 and found.
IURRAY & READY, C34 and 6S6 Clay st
".EMAN and oiler, email mine, south. $25
our.d; blacksmith.
1 lumber pliers. $60; lumber grader, augar
:ne. $3 day.
OTHERS.
Butcher, country shop. $40 found; 8 waiters,
Monterey Hotel. $30 found.
14 carpenters, ranch, fare $1, $40 and found.
Carpenter, cabinet cr Ftalrbuilder, $4 50 day.
f> h&ndy men to build barns, sheds and
fences, lumber company, $75.
Wh»eiwright carriage works, $3 eay.
Cook and wife, country institution. $60 fd.
Cook, company boarding-house. $60 found.
Casting chirper. country foundry, 32 25 day.
MURRAY _ READY. 034 and C36 Clay et
______
TO-DAY, SUNDAY.
Cook and wife, country institution. $60 fd.
Cock. 10 men. camp, fare S5c. $30 found.
Cook, restaurant city. $40 found.
Man and wife, ell wells, man as laborer,
wife to run boar<!ing-l>ou5e. tee boss here.
Brirksetter. country. J2 60 day.
3 2-horse teamrters, Marin County, $35 fd,
ENGINEER
STEAM SHOVEL.
Engineer for pteam shovel. $150 found.
Craaeiman. steam shovel, $100 found.
MINE.
BOSS HERE TO-DAY.
Ctoreman aad wife. German or French, see
boss here, $00 found.
Carpenter, mine, see boss here, $105.
5 machine miners, tee boss here, $90.
MURRAY - READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
PHYSICIAN wanted in thriving town; wi_
turn over practice. Introduce practitioner. I
Box llCO. Call office.
BOY wanted to run errands. 2739 17th at,
CALES.
WANTED — A first-class blacksmith helper; ex-
perienced. Corner San Bruno and Army ets.
2-CHAIR barber ehop. cor Park and Railroad,
for sale on account of departure.
WANTED — Men who are now successfully en-
rared la representing wholesale tailoring \
firms ; the very best wholesale tailoring house i
in the United States will give such men an ;
opportunity to make more money; the ivr
beet sample equipment such as woolens on
consignment twatches. unlimited advertising
matters, etc.. will be furnished; branch
rtores will be opened without requiring in- I
vestment: sure Income assured to right par- j
ties; good salesmen will find this their op-
portunity. Address A. K. NICHOL, lock box
529. Chicago. 111.
GOVERNMENT positions— More than 15.000
af-pointments last jear; examinations soon in
Sun Francisco. Write for circular J — 1. giv-
ing list of positior.6, salaries, examinations, j
sample questionE etc.. to National Corre- j
epondenc* Institute. Pacific Coast Office. 827 i
Market ft.. Ean Frar.clfco. Cal. j
GOVERNMENT positions — Call at 325 Golden |
Gate ave.. room 7. for free Information ag j
to positions, salaries, ace limits, etc; day !
cr evenings. j
WANTED — Sober man to take care of bath I
and boat house and make himself useful j
around summer resort: one who understands j
runnln* Kasollne launch preferred; wa*e* $30 i
and found. Address O. WEISMAN. Mldlake i
Postoffice, Lake County. j
BRIGHT American boy in stock broker's office: j
must be quick snd willing-. Address, with
reference, etc.. Stock Broker, box 1220, Call, j
WANTED — SaWman to handle opera chairs, i
church and office furniture; state experience, j
Address bcx 1222, Call olflce. -
MAN manage business; Oakland and Alamefla
County: pay? good; nvjft have tittle money. I
voai HIS Market rt.. room 1. ,
WANTED — r.0 men and women to learn the j
¦Klfeer trade: free situations Ruaranteed. |
Cfe- at Haiphfs College. €47 Commercial st
A DETECTIVK in every locality throughout j
the State a* local agent for a S. F. detective
I" ureau. 15cx 124'.». Call office,
ten to leam U.e BARBER TRADE; only
iftot weeks required; positions secured: con-
tact practice and expert instruction; special
f!er and catalogue xnail<vl free.
IOHLKR BTSTEai COLLECE. CT_"» Clay st. ]
INTED — Men and women I to prepare for ]
-iovernment positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars Pacific Correspond- j
ence Institute. Grant bl<3g.. :095 Market et. j
GOOD barber wanted for the summer. Write ]
. me, ptatlrg experience and wages desired. '
THOMAS HESfFY. Ben Lomond, Santa Cruz '.
County. California.
FOR sale — Flrrt-rlass barber shop in Oakland;
rentrally located; rood buy. Address bcx
1223*. Call office. Oakland.
BARBERS — Good shop In best country town in
the State for sale; .T chairs and baths; good !
*S«e business. DECKELMAN BUOS.. 103 '
i:i;:» st j
I WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st; 250 rooms; 25 to 60c per night
WANTED — Dentist— Good extractor: good npl
Id crown and bridce workman. Schtffman
Dental Co.. Los / ~ —1o«. Cal.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a
good talker, eager t* make mon-y. F. PER-
SON. 477 and 478, Parrott building.
WANTED — Capable salesman, experienced In
office stationery. Address box 1223. Call.
WANTED — Young nun; graduate of radical
school preferred. Address box 1221, Call.
WANTED — German young man as waiter. 2184
KoUom ct. Call after 9 a, m.
WANTED — Experienced rrocery clerk. 1537
Sanchez et. comer Twenty-ninth.
inARBERS— For -ale. coed 2-chair barber shop.
~crner of Fourteenth and Folsom sts.
ANTED — A etrictly flrst-class and competent
redwood, yardman for large country mill and
r-rd who is capable of handling large crew
lo the be*t advantage; highest references re-
quired; state sure, experience and salary ex-
pected. . Box 1191, Call office. ...
tY our men' a shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 CO pair; foot-form -hoes at $2 50; we pay
ezprers or mail charges. 11 3d tt. Exam. bid.
A profitable outinr: pick hops In August Write
E.CLKMENS HORST CO..122Battery st.B.F.
WINCH Efe'TKB Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35e night; reaijr.g-rooms;
free 'bus ar.l baggage to and from ferry.
LABOR debts collected; ruita, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Montgy, r. 115.
I PARTNERS^WANTED. |
PARTNER 1 In two businesses combined; cigar"
store, gents' furnishings and stationery store;
established 15.. years; long ; lease; rent $50;
transfer, corner; -¦ no better location in city;:
amount required, $3500. Address, with ref-
. erences. Owner, box 2161. Call office. ¦•¦:¦«¦-¦¦
- FATES TK.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
| torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market at.
PERSOiVALS. __^
/ — — . -'.....
/ _____ ¦ . ¦ , ' ;
______ /
! HEALTH without drugs, divine healing, mind
and faith cure, all by the power of God
Almighty, through and In the name of Jesus
Christ; what" a mats ot hideous sickness,
sickening ulcers and putrifying sores must
have thrust itself under the eye of Jesus;
thelheat of fever, or the cold of dropsy, the
lethargy of palsy or tha rage of madness,
the filth of leprosy or the darkness of
optbalmia, all knew the power ot his word
1 and fled at his command. '. We are healing
1 the atnicted as commanded by 'Christ .and
we know that we are on the right road, be-
cause we heal the sick. Jesus has set the
way; he gives us the path In which to fol-
low and we are to do as he did and do It In
his name, therefore God does through man,
in the name of Jesus Christ, heal the sick;
God is the healer: we have to do our heal-
- ing through and in the name of Jesus Christ;
come and be healed; to decline a sure remedy
when sick is to court suffering and Invite
death; send for my large illustrated circulars,
, giving full particulars. Call on or address
DR. S. A. RICHMOND. 1224 Haight St.,
- San Francisco. -
STEXZIE — The most wonderful and effective
dnrmatologlcal preparation ever placed ' before
the public; will positively -remove by tha
roots any growth 'of superfluous hair that can
be presented; will not injure the most' del-
icate skin. Sold and applied at -
¦STENZIE PARLORS, 326 ELLIS ST..
Goldstein & Conn's. 822 Market st
And at Marvin's Hair Store, Oakland. " Cal.
A SUIT or overcoat,' Including one extra pants
free, made to order for $15; why buy on In-
stallments or read^ made If you can get bar-
gains like this? Agent wanted. LEON
LEMOS. 1127 Market at. bet Tth and 8th.
' DR. ROWKLL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
. rheumatism, paralyslj, neuralgia, pneumonia,
tore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
I by ROWKLL & BROWN. S2 Turk st. S. F.
(VTHE Ptar Hair Remedy restores gray hair, lm-
A proves Its- growth, stops falllng.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists'. hairdressers' : ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk.
i ¦
MECHANIC, 37, having steady employment I
but is lonely, wishes to form acquaintance
of brunette lady, maid or unlncumbered
widow not over 30; object matrimony. - Box
26S5, Call.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
jkln, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
• Pharmacy. 328 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
"VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness, drains, varlcocele.
etc.: eanily won.: $2 50 postpaid: physicians
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co., 140 Geary, S.F.
RAG carpets wove to order and for Bale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine in hank or chain, at ¦ lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. .709 Fifth st, Oakland.
MARRIAGE paper, 6 months lt_\ sealed; la-
dies furnished correspondents free; describo
yourself. Elite 75, box 162. Baltimore. Md. j
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor. 721 Market st. g
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 60
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post 8t, near Powell.
GO to "The Launston," 110 Eddy st, for nice,
quiet rooms and lo—^prlces.
VITAL Question Cook l^lc mailed free. Ad-
dress Tlie Natural Foo<^Co.. city.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
trtc needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Travers,1170 Market
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
Actina restores lost eyesight; cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th, nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist 369 Sut-
ter. r. 609. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOI/DSTEIN Si CO., 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1 at all druggists.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has beea
opened at 1008 Market st, opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. , -
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS. '
DR. cTc. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021% Market st, bet 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women..
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073% Market st
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
j -past four years at 115-117 Mason st, now lo-
I cated at C07 Geary at., rear Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY, successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
' by use cf herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG W'OO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-S Clay at
DR. WONG HON. 319 Powell st. tea and herb
sanitarium; diseases skillfully treated.
POULTIIY, EGGS, ETC. — For Sale.
THOROUGHBRED S. C. white leghorn pullets; '
utility bred; 10 weeks old; $6 per dozen; lots
of 60. $.".. Black Hawk Poultry Farm. 313
' Sacramento st .
PROPOSALS.
; MME. NEERGARD, located at 242 Post; hours
1 to 5 dally. Phone James 1. Classes.
noouis_Fon_ housekeeping, jj
X — 544 TURK— Sunny, nicely furnished parlor
. floor; gas ranee; alsj other 'rooms; rtas.
A SWELL 3-room apartment; all conveniences;
newly furnished: rent $20. Phone Page 71S.
A— VA"N NESS, 232; furnished housekeeping
rooms; 1, 2 and 3 rooms, $0, $10, $21.
A — BUSH, 612 — The . Monroe: Hwo or three
sunny furnished housekeeping rooms.
A SWELL 3-room apartment; all conveniences;
newly furnished; rent $20. Phone Page 718.
BRANNAN.- . 12S — Floor of 2 or 3 sunny rooms;
closets and bath.
CALIFORNIA, 1304 — Sunny front bay-window
room & kitchen, connecting; reas. ;no chlld'n.
CALIFORNIA, 1304— Sunny bay-window room;
kitchen; complete; no children; reasonable.
CLAY, 1323. near Jones — Elegant .new fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; must be seen
to be appreciated. irft— HaTT
EDDY". 120A— 2 rooms for housekeeping on
'first floor; rent reasonable.. •
EDDY.' 523 — 2 sunny furnished front rooms'for
i ' housekeeping, with running ; water.
. EDDY. * 5CS— Private house; large room; house,
j., •¦ fceeptofg; fine- yard; gas range and water.
EIGHTEENTH. 34(52. near Valencia— 2 cheer-
¦ fully furntshed, sunny rooms; bath; .hskpng,
ELEVENTH,- .115%— Nicely furnished house-
, keeping rooms.
ELLIS, 325— Parlor suite ; single and double
grooms for housekeeping. ..
ELLIS, 605 — Basement floor with 2 suites; large
¦sunny rooms; complete; coal range; water.
FILLMORE,. 710— Three unfurnished rooma for
• light housekeeping. ; . - .
FIRST, 22S, near Howard — 5 sunny rooms for
housekeeping; very central; rent moderate.
FOLSOM, 037—3 large sunny connecting rooma
. for housekeeping; ,. large yard; $16. v\' :
FULTON. 522— Nicely furnished rooms for
.*. housekeeping ¦ ¦ /¦- ¦ ' , .
GEARY,', 1044—3 ', sunny front rooms, .- v with
'¦'¦ kitchen, " for . housekeeping. : - r ./ :
GEARY, 1217— 3-newly furn. rooms: pleasant
location;, also nice single rooms for, hskpg. •
GOUGH. 137— Two aunny front rooms; light
housekeeping. ' ¦ - !ff_tgnf*jrrB!JlLlllfIliCJ.1TnirfrTrn~B
.GOUGH, ;1201— 2 . or .. .'1 :rooms;- grand sunny
apartments; $20: to' $30., ¦' ¦
. GUERRERO. 333—2 or 3 \unfumlshed house-
¦ keeping rooma; : bath.' laundry: no sign. '
I HAIGHT.V48 — 2 furnished housekeeping rooms;
connecting; bath; running; water; $12.
HOWARD,* 737%— Manila, Houses-Front single;
¦ ¦ tunny;, nicely furnished -for housekeeping.
HYDE, 100014, corner, of Pine — 3 sunny unfur-
. nlshed housekeeping * rooms, : $15; - also ¦' fur-
.:•-.' nlFhedi bedroom.) S3. <ii_BHBMMHMHH(SHi)'i
JACKSON,"' 1220, near Jones— 2 or 3 nicely f ur-
. nlshed housekeeping rooms/
JACKSON, 1503—3 sunny furnished housekeep-
Ing rooms ia corner middle flat.' "What's the ! charge?" the Justice
asked the officer who had brought in
the object of the next item on the
; docket. if .^;;\V/'X" 'V
' "Vagrancy, yer honor.? .
."Are you homeless?" the Justice
asked the prisoner.
"Temporarily," was the reply.
JJ'When did you work last?"
about a year ago I had a drug
store, but—" '
"And you couldn't make a living with
a drugstore!" exclaimed the Justice ex
citedly, leaning over the bar.
A tprelal meeting of the shareholders of the
Paso Rob'.e* Springs Hotel will be held on
August 19 to vote on a proposition to Increase
the capital Block* from 9100,000. divided into
1000 share* of a par value of $100 each, to
$200,000. divided into 2000 shares of $100 each.
An a&seesment of $10 per share on the pres
ent capital has been levied, delinquent July 18.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. June 25—12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS. *"
Bid. Ask.l Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 107^107% 4s qr cp new.132%133^
4s qr res... 106H10tf<& 1 3s qr coup...l05Vi —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Bs.101 — |Oak T Co tis.llOU —
Bay CPC C«. — 102 Do Ss 112V4 —
Cal C G 5s. — 101 Do con 5s. 102 —
Cai O & E %¦ Oceanic B 5s. — 75
in & ct 5s. 84% 85<i Om Cable (Ss. — 125
Cal-st C 5s. — 118 Pac O Im 4s. 02^ Uti
C C Wat 5s. — 101 P E 1 Ry 6s.l04%105»£
EdL & P 68.124 — P,& CH Cs.105 —
F & C H Cs.ll-Hi — P & O K Us. — 118
Geary-et Cs.. — C5 Powell-st «s. — 114'
H C&S O'/aS.lOO — Sac EG&R5s. — 07%
Do 6s 0SV4 — SK & SJV5s.llC«4 —
Hon>R T Cs.105 — Sierra 11 6s.. — 115
L A Elec 5s 1 . — 105 3 P of A Cs
L A Ry 6a. 111% — (1000) .....109 —
L A L Co 8s - — (1910) .....100 —
Do Btd 6s. — — S P of C Cs
Do gtd $s.lO2V4 — (18O5)Sr A.102%103
LAP lem Sb.101 — (10O5)Sr B.HKlli — V
Mkt-st C (Is. 115*4 — (l»0T.) .;...1O5 106
Do l«n Bs.lHVillO (1912) .....115 —
MV& 'MtTS«.101% — SPC 1 cc 5s.H0 —
NRR of CCS.107U — Do etmpd..lOS 1O8V5
> Do Ei 116V4H7 8 P B R tis.132 '
N P C R 5sj105V4108 S V Wat 6s. 105 —
N C Ry fis. — 112 Do 4s 2dm. 09 ' 89$i
N C P C Cs. 09 101 :Do 4s 3dm. — 09
N S R R 6s. — 101 Do e mt«?4s 97% —
O O L&H 6«.107 — Stkn G£-E6s. — 101 *,;
O W ctd 5s. — 1C0 U G & E 5s — 103
WATER STOCKS. •
Contra Costa 35 40, I Port Costa... — - —
Marln Co... — • 60 |8 VWat Co. 37% 38i«
GAS AND ELECTRIC. * >
Cent I*& P. 3K 9% S F G A E. 61U d%
MutuaPE L. 12 12% Stkn G & E. - 6% —
Pac L Co... 67 — U G & E Co. — ' —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.310 340 , | . . . . • • . •/¦ r \v
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nil Bk.127',4 — L P i A.... 150 160 .
Anelo-Cal .. 83% 86% Mer Trust... .205
Haul of Cal. 424 — Merch Ex.... 50 — '
Ccl Safe Dp. — 150 S F NatJonl. — '— v
FtmNatlonl— — • - -*, v\* •- -•-''_>
... ;
Stray dogs may be impounded, at the
expense " of ¦ the , owner, • and (if not
claimed .within five; clear days may be
destroyed. - ¦ .'.-,; .
The act Is intended to apply also to
Scotland and Ireland, and to, come into
operation in 1905.
The curfew regulation empowers .the
Board of Agriculture to make orders
"for preventing dogs from straying
during all or any of the hours between
sunset and sunrise."
Hitherto, in order to be successful In
an action for damage done, by a dog, It
has been necessary to prove a previous
mischievous propensity in the animal.
The first clause of the new bill recites
that "tho owner of a dog shall be liable
in damages for injury done to any cat
tle by that dog; and it shall not be
necessary to show a previous mis
chievous propensity in the dog, or the
owner's knowledge of such propensity,
or to show »that the mjury was at
tributable to neglect on the part of the
owner."
A dog proved to have chased or in
jured cattle may be dealt with' as a
dangerous dog under section two of the
act of 1871. v
Dogs in Great Britain, If they only
knew It, have much reason to fear, a
bill introduced In Parliament by Mr.
Fellowes, a lord of the treasury; Walter
Long, president of the local government
board, and the solicitor general. ;
The dog bill is apparently designed
to lessen the damage done by^dogs in
the worrying of cattle, and- this" it pro
poses to do by instituting a kind of
curfew for dogs, and by robbing them
of the time-honored privilege of Vflrst
bite." .
New Government Bill Aims to Abolish
. the Silly "First Bite"
Doctrine.
CURFEW LAW TO APPLY
TO DOGS IN ENGLAND
William H. Lewis of this village, a
veteran of the War. of the Rebellion,
had a peculiar experience and for up
ward of five years was to all Intents
and purposes a dead man. His grave
and the marker which indicates where
he was buried can still be seen in the
National Cemetery at Sharpsbury, Md.
Mr. Lewis enlisted at Albany, May
27, 1861, in Captain Charles Riley*s
Company F 'of , the famous Thirty
fourth £ Regiment, commanded by
James A. Suiter. Lewis went through
the Peninsula campaign without a
scratch until the bloody battle at An
tietam, when he was shot five times,
twice In the legs and once in the face.
He was left on the field for dead and
for two days and nights lay out In the
open, suffering untold agonies, and
should Lewis live to be 100 years old
he will never forget the hours spent
on that battlefield. He was among the
dead reported September 17, 1862, and
his body was supposed to have been
removed from the battlefield and
placed in grave No. 844 in the Na
tional Cemetery at Sharpsburg. Md..
the headstone bearing that inscription.
Instead, however, . Lewis was re
moved to a shed, where he remained
a prisoner for seven days, when he
was exchanged and transferred to
Washington, being honorably dis
charged for surgical disability March
22, 1863. 'The wound in the face was
a peculiar one and never since he was
shot has he been able to open his
mouth wide.
In 1868, when he made application
for a pension, Mr. Lewis was promptly
informed by the Pension Department
at Washington that he was killed at
the battle of Antletam and that there
was no such man as William H. Lewis,
a member of Company F, Thiry-fourth
Regiment. He had no trouble in se
curing affidavits from " his captain,
Charles Rlley, and his colonel, James
A; Suiter, establishing his identity and
his pension was soon forthcoming.
Lewis enlisted at 23 years of age and
is now 66. — Herkimer Citizen.
CIVIL WAR VETERAN DEAD
OFFICIALLY FIVE YEARS
GALVESTON, Texas, June 25.— Miss
Ida B. Criswell, a pretty belle of Denl
sori, died at her home last night as the
result of taking a dose of patent chill
tonic. Soon after taking the medicine
she was seized with convulsions. Two
physicians were summoned and they
worked for hours in a vain effort to
save the : sufferer's life. The doctors
pronounce her death due to the effects
of strychnine and arsenic contained in
the alleged tonic.
Takes Dose of Mixture, Goes Into
Convulsions and Dies Within
Few Hours.
TEXAS BELLE IS KILLED
BY PATENT CHILL TONIO
WASHINGTON, June 25.— A fraud
order was this morning issued against
"Professor" George Ruppert of Boston
and the "American College of Astrol
ogy."
"Professor" Ruppert is believed to
have obtained* $10,000 or $15,000 by
means of an unscrupulous wit and the
stars and moon in less than two years.
He advertised his alleged knowledge of
the occult extensively and his circulars
are alleged to have been masterpieces
of the swindlers' art. In one he said:
"For $1 I will give you a complete
horoscope of your whole life, written
in accordance to the different position
of the moon and the planets at the
time of your birth."
Regarded As Swindler by the
Government.
Man Who Casts Life Horoscopes
FRAUD ORDER AGAINST
COLLEGE OF ASTROLOGY
NEW YORK, June 25. — Philip Wald
helmer, associated with the lawyers
defending "Nan" Patterson, has re
ceived a letter from the chorus girl's
brother-in-law, J. Morgan Smith, who
disappeared several weeks ago.
Smith says he was not the man
who, acompanled by a woman, went
into Hyman Stern's pawnshop on Sixth
avenue the day before the shooting
and purchased the revolver which was
found in Young's pocket. He will tell
where he was on the day the pistol
was purchased and prove it by those
who saw him, he says, when he ap
pears on the stand to help clear his
sister-in-law.
After the receipt of the letter the
lawyer took it to the Tombs and
showed It to "Nan" Patterson, who
was overjoyed. i-t'J
Brother-ln-Law of ••Xan" Patterson
Sends Word From His
Hiding Place.
MORGAN" SMITH WILL
APPEAR TO TESTIFY
Turning to more convivial lays, the
first which occur to the mind are the
companion songs, "We Won't Go Home
Till Morning" and "For He's a Jolly
Good Fellow," which own a tune In
common. With reference to the words
of the latter, they certainly run into
something that may by courtesy be"
termed a couplet, but of "We Won't
Go Home Till Morning" nothing, ap
parently, has survived beyond the two
lines thej singer's '¦ disinclin
ation to seek repose. Whether a match
less epic has been lost to the world or
whether the poet's inspiration gave out
after the one immortal statement his
tory sayeth not. At any rate, the ac
cumulated archives of the British Mu
seum can yield no information on the
question, so, failing this, the words of
these two most Jovial ditties must per
force be classed \ogether as "tradi
tional." The tune, on the contrary, is a
case In point of English adaptability,? or
as most people know it primarily ap
pertained to ; "Halbrook s'en ya t'en
guerre"— verses not only "made in
France," but containing distinctly anti-
English sentiments. Both - words .. and
music were composed during the great
Duke of Marlborough's campaign, but
the date is not positively known. One
authority indeed asserts that it can be
assigned to this night after the battle
of Malplaquet, but this somehow does
not carry conviction... Hungry soldiers,
worn, out -by the long day's fighting,
would not be likely to embark on a
lengthy descriptive poem, to say noth
ing ot the accompanying mu3ic The
poem is a curiosity in its way, consist
ing of eome .. forty- two. verses .which,
when shorn'of a good deal of "Mlron
ton Mirontalne," give full and minute
particulars of the Imaginary but
.wished-forj death of Malbrook. . Among
other interesting details described is
the grief i of "Madam" r (In tears and a
rose-colored satin) on being informed
by a v little fnotpage of the death of
her lord, an, affecting picture of the
great Sarah which she herself assuredly
would not have recognized.— Boston
Globe.- ' J : -^ ; ¦' ¦'. r ' •
HE'S A JOLLY. GOOD FELLOW.
To the modern verses is attached a
romance emanating from the days of
hoops and patches. The hero. of this,
Robin Adairr a good-looLing young
Irish surgeon, once chanced to be of
service to an elderly titled dame who
ha dmer with "an accident near Holy
head. More frightened than hurt, the
lady, when matters were adjusted, pre
sented her deliverer with a Zee of a
hundred guineas and insisted on his
escorting her back to London. Arrived
there, he was forthwith made free of
his patroness' house, and, sad to say,
so far forgot his position as to set his
alte<rtlons on one of the visitors, who
was by no means backward In respond
ing. ' Without further ado the fascinat
ing medico was banished, but the mis
chief was done, his high-born inamo
rata refusing to even look at her other
suitors. As a last expedient she was
taken to Bath to try what a course of
gayety, combined with unpleasant
mineral waters, could effect. Here,
however, Instead of forgetting her lov
er of low degree, the enamored maiden
wrote or induced some one to write
the lines eulogizing her adored Robin
Adair. To make a long story short,
the two were ultimately married, but
their happiness was of brief duration,
for the young wife speedily_fell a vic
tim to consumption, leaving her hus
band bound by a vow to wear perpet-"
ual mourning in memory of their love.
STORY OP THE SONG.
Another melody supposed to.»date
from that period is "Robin Adair."
Though, for some mysterious reason
generally included in collections of
Scotch airs, the tune originally came
from Ireland— where ' it was called
"Eileen Aroon"— the "Scotch snap" on
the words "Robin Adair" being a nine
teenth century addition. The tradition
has it that a chieftain of the clan
O'Daly, like Romeo, fell in i love with
the daughter of his race's hereditary
foe. As is customary in romances, the
lady was competed to marry an unwel
come wooer, but this only made her
lever's opportunity. Disguised as a
harper he appeared at the wedding
feast, where he sang a doleful lay of
love and woe. Then, \ suspicion being
lulled, he suddenly swung the bride on
his horse and, leaping the castle moat,
carried her off before the eyes of his
rival. In remembrance of this the
pseudo-minstrel's melody was treas
ured bv his descendants. At least the
air "Eileen Aroon" is known to have
been the work of one Gerald O'Daly,
a harper of later times, who probably
utilized the ancestral tune. .
To a certain extent the English are
cosmopolitan in their musical tastes.
That is to say, they are always, ready
to adopt the songs and tunes of other
nations, provided only the melody be
pleasing in their ears. Hence possibly
the varied and heterogeneous types of
many of our best-known ballads. Most
of 'these, it is true, took their rise In
other parts of the kingdom; still, the
difference between Celtic, Cymric and
Saxon temperaments is enough to ac
count for much that is otherwise inex
plicable in some of the so-called na
tional songs. Yet even among the3e
we find exceptions. "The British' Gren
adiers," for instance, like its name, is
English to the backbone, and is, fur
thermore, one of the \ oldest popular
songs we have. The' words, it Is evi
dent, were written somewhere between
1C78, when the Grenadier Company was
first formed, and the time of Queen
Anne, in whose reign the regiment
ceased to carry hand grenades. The
tune, from all accounts, is considerably
older, and may even belong to Good
Queen Bess' days, though this, of
course, is merely surmise.
ROBIX ADAIR.
"A professor, lecturing on heat, ob
served that one of Its most conspicuous
properties was the power of expanding
all bodies. A humorous student rose in
his seat and asked: 'Is that the rea
son the days 'in warm weather are
longer than those In cold?"
"Mr. Hare and Mr. Fox had apart
ments in the same house and each had
frequent visits from the bailiffs. One
morning, as he was looking out of his
window, Mr. Fox saw two of them at
the door. 'Pray, gentlemen,' says he,
'are you Fox hunting or Hare hunting
this morning?* "
"In a newly raised corps a soldier
lately observed to his comrade, who
was an Irishman, that a corporal was
to be dismissed from the regiment.
'Faith and Indeed,' said the Irishman.
1 hope tt is the corporal who is so
troublesome In our company.* "What
Is his name?' replied the other. '"Why,
corporal punishment, to be sure.' re
plied Pat.
"A person who could not read a syl
lable took up a newspaper In a New
York coffee-house, and, holding it up
side down, pretended to peruse the ship
advertisements on the first page with
great attention. 'What news?' in
j quired a bystander. 'There has been
a great storm in the West Indies.' re
plied the reader; 'the vessels are all
upset.' "
"MERRY ANDREW'S" RETORT.
"A country squire asked a Merry An
drew why he was playing the fool.
'For the same reason you do.' said he.
'out of want. You do it for want of
wit, I for want of money.* "
The jokes which appear in the al
manacs of 1S34 and 1S33 are illustrated
with comic pictures, most of which
are highly exaggerated caricatures.
Some of the jokes, humorous remarks,
puns and witticisms which were per
petrated In the Western Comick Al
manack In 1834, and which have not
yet outlived their useruiness, are the
following: v^
"As a broker Vas folding some bank
bills a wag observed: "You must grow
rich fast. I perceive you readily double
your money.' "
"A poor country hawker, being de
tected in the act of shouting- a butcher
bird, was taken before a justice. 'So,
fellow,' cried the justice. *you see fit
to shoot without a license, do your*
•Oh, no, your Honor,' said the offender.
1 have a license for hawking.* So say
ing, he handed his peddler's license,
and the bird shot being a hawk, ha
was discharged."
"When Alexander Gun was discharg
ed from the Edinburg custom house the
entry made against hia name was: 'A
Gun, discharged for making a falsa
report.' "
"An undertaker,' being asked what
his business was, replied: 'I follow the
physician's profession.' "—St. Louis Re
public.
New Office Boy — A man called a few
minutes ago and wanted to thrash you.
Editor— What did you say to him?"
New Office Boy— I sez. "I'm very
sorry, but he ain't in," — Chicago News.
The Maid— Just think. Norah. it took
the hairdresser an hour and a half to
put my hair in this style.
The Cook— Indade! An' did yez call
for it or did he sind it home.— Puck.
Struggling Author— Do you think I
ought to have my portrait as a frontis
piece to the book?
Publisher— We can put' it there if you
wish. It will cost you something extra.
Struggling Author— Well. I'm willing,
if you insist. Here's my photograph. — ,
Chicago Tribune.
"Papa, you know you gave me a sov
ereign and a sixpence the other day?
Well, I made a mistake, and—"
"I knew you would, you blundering
idiot! You paid out the gold piece for
a shilling!"
"No, I didn't. But I passed the six
pence on somebody for half a sovereign
and I bought a whole lot of things with
', the money, and I've still got the gold."
"Oh. well. I wouldn't worry about It.
We're all likely to make mistakes
sometimes."— Tit Bits.
"A dull Judge of the inferior courts
of a sister State, having attended to a
variety of causes in the morning, went
to dine at a friend's house with a most
excellent appetite. Among the com
pany was a witty barrister. The
judge, eating very heartily of a dish
of salmon, observed that he had filled
himself so full that he needed hooping*
" Tour Honor is much more in want
of heading,' replied the witty barris
ter."
In the almanac for 1S04 quite a large
space is devoted to "original Jokes, wit
ty remarks and humorous anecdotes."
Some of the Jokes found in this number
are still answering, and have appeared
in recent humorous publications as
original. The jokes are not accompa
nied by any key or chart, but so as to
make the humor of the Joke readily ap
parent to the reader they are all pub
lished under the headings of "humor"
and the parts of the anecdotes sup
posed to be funny were printed in ital
ics. Some of the Jokes which were
thought exceptionally good were print
ed under the head "Very Funny."
There is nothing to indicate the au
thorship of any of the jokes. Some of
the "very funny" jokes which appear in
the almanac of 1804 were as follows:
JUDGE DEEDED HEADING.
A collection of almanacs has been
presented to the Missouri State Histor
ical Society by W. H. Thomson of near
Colombia. The almanacs are 10S in
number and date from 1795 up to the
present time, there being one for each
year. Included in the collection are two
volumes of the "Western Comick Alma
nack," published in Cincinnati in 1S34
and 1335, by N. & G. Guilford & Co.
and Hubbard & Emmands.
Although some of the earlier alma
nacs contain jokes and so-called hu
morous anecdotes, these two volumes
are the oldest in the library which are
devoted exclusively to jokes. As an aid
in tracing: the pedigrees of present-day
jokes, the volumes will prove invalua
ble.
Others Thought to Be of
Extraordinary Merit Are
Captioned "Very Funny"
Scotch, . Irish and Other
Foreign Melodies and the
Tunes of Long Ago
ORIGIN OF POPULAR AIRS
SOME HEADED ORIGINAL
The Briton and His
Mixture of the Country
and Cosmopolitan Tastes
Found in a Collection ol
Old Almanacs Presented to
Historical Society
OLD ENGLISH
FOLK SONGS
CHOICE LOT
OF OLD JOKES
"WASHINGTON, June 25.— Fat men
and men not indicating sufficient inter
est in' horses are to be barred out of the
cavalry. If the assignments of West
Point cadets this year are to be taken
as a criterion.
In making the assignments this year
a new policy was adopted. Inspector
General Burton recently made an Inter
esting report' to the Secretary, In which
he urgently recommended that the se
lection of cadets for the cavalry arm
of the service be made with the great
est care. He said that fat men or men
who had not shown any particular
fondness for horses during their four
years at West Point should not be as
signed to the cavalry, no matter wheth
er they graduated sufficiently high or
not.
Hitherto It has been the policy of the
War Department to give cadets who
were graduated with high marks their
choice '.between the cavalry and Infan
try arms of the service. In the future
no cadets who are over a certain weight
will be sent to the nor will
those men who have shown at West
Point a timidity in horsemanship be
assigned to the mounted branch of the
army.
Assignments of West Point
Cadets.
New '.. Policy Adopted In Slaking the
FAT BIEX TO BE BAIJRED.
FROM CAVALRY SERVICE
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2280 2C50 Sav & L So. — 100
Hum S & L. — ¦ Sec Sav Bk. — 450.
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co.. — —
fe F Sav U.&40 —
STREET -RAILROADS. .V. ' . : v
California .. 194 V42OO (Presidio ..... 41H *T
Geary — 60 " | - - '
POWDER.
Giant ...... C0U"60%|VIgorit ..... — »
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 20c Kilauca S C. — 4
Hawaiian C. 61 52% Makawell C. 21% 22/
Honokaa S. C 11% 12 Onomea S C. 24 27
Hutch S P C 8 8% Faauhau S C. 12% 13U
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.135%137VilOttario S Co. 4tf —
Cai F C A. — — -|Pac Aur FA. .5 6
Cal Win* A. — 80% l'ac C Borx.156 159
MV4: MtTm.100 — I
Morning Session. . '.
Board—
6 Hutchlnsort S P Co. 7 T5
17 Spring Valley Water Co 38 00
5 Spring Valley Water Co 33 12%
$5,000 S P of C 6s (1012) 115 60
Street — ¦
SO California Fruit Canners' Assn. 97 60
Unlisted Securities.
• MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Aslc. ' Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC Cs. — 80 S P C R 4s. — 100
B L Wat 6s. — 117 S P Co 4>Js.lOO —
Cnl NW 6a.. — 112% Suu'.Tel 6a.. 113 —
V. C'Wat Ss.100 — Do Ss — 104%
!«'• I Wks5s — 107% Svttr-st RSs.105 113
'f'S Drdk 5a — 113% UR of SF 4s. 70H J 
BK & NP 5s. — 111%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — 30 I Mat Nav Co. — 00
Amer Bis Co — 00 |Nev Nat Bk.lSO —
Cal Cot Mils 80 87 |NH It R Co. Q\i —
Cal O&ECor. 47 48 IN Cal P Co. — 11
Cal Powder..l25 145 Oak Bk Sav.112% —
Cai Ship Co. 21 27 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I & T.115 — 10OF Hall A 6 *
Cen Bk, Oak — 65 Orpheum Co. — 16
Chutes Co .. — 7% PacC Cas Co.125 —
City & C Bk — 112 lac S Tel. .100
Cvd L Imp.. — 7% Pac Sur Co. 09%115
East Dynm.. — 250 Paraf Paint.. 88 —
DpntPwd pfd 75 85 S P Drydock. 60 —
Do com .. — 50 SF&SJ- Coal. — 25
FN Bk Oak.120 — S J Wat Co. — 106
Fischer Thtr — 1 SO A MTgbt.123 —
Kmch-A Bk.108 — Swlss-A Bk.115 —
Ga* Con A.. — 22 Truck Elect.. 11 13
Hono P Co. 11 U 13 UK InC pfd. 43 49
Lon& SF Bk — 60 Do com ... 9 —
California StockandOilExchange
Oil Stocks— * Bid. Asked.
Apollo \ 40 40
Associated Trust Cert ...... 18 "20
Aztec 61
Caribou i 3 50 3 75
' Chicago Crude ." 20
. Claremont 70
1 Four V 65 -
* Fulton fc 2 60
' Giant »... 15 ....
! Hanford V;.. 182 00 185 00
'Home ... 150
Imperial ,."> 17 50
• Independence ...T. 25 .26
, Kern : . 4 $0 J- ....
j Kern River 10 00 ....
i Monarch of Arizona 30 35
! Monte Cristo 66 69
I Occidental of W Va 06
Peerless 13 60
Reed Crude 160
Sovereign 33
Sterling 2 50
: Superior '. 04
I Thirty- three 8 25
I Toltec 21 ....
I Twenty-eight 800 BOO
| Associated Bonds 78 50
i Wabash • .... 81
Kern Oil (new) 40 * 1 00
Miscellaneous —
1 California Jockey Club ..'.. 125 00
Northern ChI Power 10 50
Sanitary Reduction Works... 1 00 ....
SALES.
, Morning Session. *
1 Hanford 182 00
1000 Independence 25
300 Clnremont . 70
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
| 300 Con C & Va.l 05 1700 Savage 16
i 500 Justice 15 100 Sierra Nev .. 36
100 Mexican 1 05 100 Silver Hill .. 61
200 Ophlr .3 10|
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
I 100 Andes .. 1211600 New York .. 02
600 Belcher 18] 200 Ophlr 3 10
i 300 Con C A V.I 07%| 100 Overman 21
i 30O Con C & Va.1 101 300 Seg Belcher ..OS
i 200 Crown Point. 12| 200 Silver HU1 .. 60
; 600 Justice ' 15| 600 Union Con .. 36
100 Mexican ...102 %| 100 Yellow Jacket. 20
I • TONOP AH MINING EXCHANGE.';
1 Following were the sales on the San Fran
; Cisco and Tonopab Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. -
; 45QO Eaperanza ... 0311000 Rescue ....... 11
' 600 Evelyn 3214000 Rescue 12
I 700 MacNamara . 60| 400 Ton Belmont.. 77
[ S200 MacNamara . 61 1 20O Ton Belmont.. 78
I 1000 MacNamara .' 62 1000 Ton Belmont.. 79
! 3000 MacNamara . 63 7500 Ton Gold M. 20
I 100 MacNamara . 64 625 Ton Midway.. 54
I 600 Mont Ton.. 2 47% 300 Ton Midway.. 65
: 3000 Paymaster .. 0U| 100 Ton Midway.. 06
i 2C0 Ray & O'Brien 00 1000 Ton Midway.. 60
6500 Rescue 10| 300 Ton N Star... 32
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. June 25—12 m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 10 injustice 15 16
Alta 04 OOtKentuck 03 04
Andes 11 12|Keyes Graes.. —120
BelcheV IS 20i Lady Wash . . — 06
Best & Belch.l 05 1 15i Mexican 1 00 1 05
Bullion 18 171 Occidental ... 78 1 SI
Caledonia ... 56 601 Ophlr ........3 05 3 10
Challenge Con 12 14 Overman ..... 21 22
Chollar ...... 10 HlPotoal 09 11
Confidence ... 80 00 Scorpion 15 17
Con C & Va.l 05 1 10 Savage 16 18
Con Imperial. 01 02 Seg Belcher ..08 09
Con NY.... 02 04 Sierra Nev . . 36 37
Crown Point. 11 12 Silver Hill .. 63 61
East Sierra N 06 — St Louis .... — 09
; Eureka Con.. — 60 Syndicate .... 03 04
Exchequer .. 36- 38 Union Con ..36 SS
Gould & Cur. 19 21 Utah 13 13
Hale tc Norc. C2 64 Yellow Jacket. 10 21
Julia 07 08
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Colehan — 05|Rescue 09 10
Egperanza ... 03 04 1 Ton Belmont.. 79 80
Gold Anchor. '32 85 Ton & Cal.... — 13
Gold M Con. 01 03 Ton Ex 08 1 00
Hannapah' M. 25 — Ton & G W. — 03
Jim Butler..'. — 00 Ton Gold M. 19 20
Little Ton . . CO 80 Ton Midway. . 55 66
Lucky Tom.. 02 03 Ton of Nev.7 87% 8 00
MacNamara . 61 63 Ton N Star.. 32 34
Mont Ton. .2 45 2 47% Ton & Salt L 60. 74
Paymaster . . 08 00 Ton Union ..10 —
Ray Exten . . ¦ — 25 United Ton . . OS —
Ray&CBrien 08 09 Utopia 1(> —
Ray Tonopah. — 14 West End ... 27V- —
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 2G; 1904.
Continued From Page 41.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
-Indiana knows what Mr. Bryan
thinks of it, even though he may riot
hire ah'aU. ...
According to Dun's Index the value of
articles used ; by an average person in
the United: States during the last year,
if bought at •wholesale, was $98 S3. The
year~.before.it was $1*01-91. . ..
."Ninety days! A man who can't
make a -living with a drugstore ought
to be put away permanently."—Balti
more American.
47
SPECIAL SOTICB8. |
THE following children have been admitted by ;
the San Francisco Nursery for Homeless ¦[
Children: WHda Cuptlll, age 4V4 years,
abandoned; Dorothy Wllburn, age 14 months,
orphan. ¦
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's treat-
n-ent free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.
STVTTKRIXG ASP STA3IMER1XG.
AT Melbourne"instltute, Van Ness & Market,
1? taught celebrated Melbourne system: only
Jlelbourre In U. S.: private; established 3
yearg in S. F. T«L Mint 2C26 from 1 to 5 p.m.
MARRIAGK UCEXSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yerlerijay:
Chari.s Etade. 29, 2901A Harrison street,
and Lula K. Rowald. 19. 2901A Harrison st.
Mark Nemanich. 34. 951 Bryant street, and
Barbara Nemanich, 23. 951 Bryant street.
Peter Berdct. 35, 1048 Folsom street, and
Marie Idlart, 32, 1200 Octavia street. .
Charles J. Hylander. 32. 814 Third street,
and Catharine Fagan 33. 415.Brarinan street.
David C. St. Charles. 51. 610 Folsom street,
and Lucinda Kress. 38. till Folsom street.
Harrle J. . Kraker, 27. 501 Golden Gate ave-
nue, ami Esther L. Nathan. 21. Alameda.
Alibrando Berti. 31, Napa. and Olimpia GIo-
vannelM. St; Nat>a.
Philip J. Walcott. 22. 013 Dolores street, and
Eva I. Romlck. 19. 1104 Market street.
George Trammel. 24, 9C1 Sacramento street,
and Lillie Tease, 24. 1020 Jackson street.
James Malone. 27, Colma. and Delia Donlan.
24. 14U Clara street.
John A. Wtnn. 24. 339 Tenth street, and
Catherine J. Walsh, 20. 533 A Seventh street.
Claud T Mills, 31.' St. Nicholas Hotel, and
Alice N. Lewis 30. 6t. Nicholas Hotel.
Newell B. Jordan. 53, city, and Lillian M.
Tarplee. 29. San Jose.
Gustaf B. Swanson. 24, Los Angeles, and
Terkla W. Nygren, 23 Los Angeles.
Harry A. Smith. 44, New York, and Anna
Leabastr*. 26 Paris, France.
Albert Eblnger, 25, city, and .Mabel G. Sten-
gele. 19, /rlty.
Peter Ct Keefe, 23, city, and Louise Tarasso.
22. cltyj
Jonathan O. Meeker. <«. Sebastopol, and
Louisa C Phlnney, 33, Sebaetopol.
Peter Pronzinl, 32, Novato, and Ida Tonlnl.
24. Pctaluma
John W. Hentzell. 4S. 010 Howard street,
ani Anna Carssell, 31>. 918 Howard street.
Anicrto Urifs, 24. 230 Green street, and Ra-
chele OJierl. 22. 230 Green street.
Hamilton Smith 2S. St. Louis, Mo., and
Elena Roeckel, 20. 1060 Fulton street.
Frank P. O'Toole, 33. 166 Clinton Park, and
Annie Hopan 44. 4034 O'Farrell street.
George H. Rhndes, 30, Healdsburg and Edith
Cook. 19, HealdEborg.
William II. Quine, 24. 32^ Rltch etreet,
j and Lizzie Gllm.irtln. 22. 44 Tehama street.
EffiTES— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
son* authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
j free of charge.
BORN.
| ANDERSON — In this city. June 20. 1904," to
the wife of Arthur A. Anderson, a son.
DEAN— In this city. June 22. 1904. to the wife
of S. J. Dean, a son.
' EKSTROM— In this city, June 12. 1904, to the
wife of Frank Ekstrom. a daughter.
HAMMERSMITH— In this city. June IS. 1904.
to the wife of Alfred S. Hammersmith, a
(laughter.
HART— In this city, June 22. 1904. to the wife
of Dr. Charles E. Hart, a son.
HEY— In this city, June 21, 1904, to the wife
of Ernest Hey. a daughter.
KRIEGER— In this city. June 21, 1904, to the
wife cf Charles Krleger, a daughter.
MYSHRALL— In this city, June 21. 1904, to
the wife of Andrew Myshrall. a daughter.
PARSONS— In Alameda, Cal., June 10, 1904,
to the wife of Harry P. Parsons, a daughter.
PFAFF— In this city, June 24. 1904, to the
wife of J. W. Pfaff. a daughter.
PORTER— In this city. June 13. 1904. to the
wife of J. W. Porter, a son.
POWELL— In Ovando, Mont.. May 29. 1904,
to the wife of H. E. Powell, a son.
WELLS— In this city. June 17, 1904. to the
wife of W. T. Wells, a daughter.
WILSON— In this city June 20. 1904. to the
wife of William J. Wilson (nee Higgins), a
daughter.
WITTKOPP— In this city. June 6. 1904, to th*
wife of H. A. Wittkopp. a son.
3IARRIED.
BULLWINKEL — SCHUMACHER — In this
city. June 19 1904, by the Rev. J. Fuende-
llng. Henry G. Bullwinkel and Wilhelmtne
H. Schumacher.
CLACDE — NELSON — In this city. June 22. '
lf*H. by the Rev. Fred A. Keast, Dr. Jesse .
Claude Perry and Louise C. Nelson, both of
San. Francisco.
FIGEL — GODCHAUX— In Ean Leandro. Cal.,
June 22. 1904, by the Rev. Dr. Voorsanger,
E. P. Flgel of San Francisco and Hattie
Godchaux of San Leandro.
GILLETTE— HENRY— In this city, June 11,
1B04. by the Rev. William Rader, Lynne T.
Gillette and Kate Dugain Henry, both of
this city.
, GUSTAFSON— JOHNSON— In this city, June
23. 1904, by the Rev. O. Oroensberg, Godfrey
J. Gustafson and Jenet Johnson.
KREUZBERGER— STILLWDLL— In thla city.
June 11. 1904. by tbe Rev. William Rader.
Lucas Kreuzberger and Leefe StlUwell, both
of Sacramento. Cal.
MOORE— SIBLEY— In this city. June 22, 1904,
by the Rev. William Rader, Edward W.
Moore of Trubody, Napa County. Cal., and
Mary E. Slbley of Pomona, Cal.
THIEL— STAMER— In this city, June 21. 1904.
by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, Albert George
i Thicl and Emma Stamer.
WESTERFELD— MILLS— In North Manches-
ter. Indiana. June 22, 1904. Dr. Otto F.
Weeterfeld of San Francisco and Miss Mary
Lawrence Mills of North Manchester.
WINTER— HALL— February 28. 1904. by the
Rev. .-Charles C. Kirtland, Rudolph Winter
and Gertrude Hall.
Alexander. John B. Kllday. Patrick J.
Banks, Lulu - Ludolph Grace- V.
Belau. Richard McCarthy, Veva A.
Elossfeldt, Charles Schisler, John
Elundell, Agnes M. Sehablagwe, J.
Bradford, Francis F. Shaney. Lawrence
Brink. Lucllo Ehattuck, Nettie E.
Cameto, Laurent Smith, Charles A- i
Dabney. Charles M. Smith, John
Eddy, Rosina Smith, William
Henry. Mary B. Smtth. Leonard F.
Hyland, Emma M. Wadsworth F. C.
Farley. Margaret Wilson, Andrew M.
Klernan. Mary t..
ALEXANDER— In Lebanon, Ore., June 19
' 1904. John B.. husband of Emily and father
i of G. I* Alexander of Lebanon, and E. C.
I and F. R. Alexander of San Francieco, a
I native of Alabama, aged 84 years.
BANKS— In this city, Juno 23, 1904. Lulu
Banks, a native of Texas, aged 30 years and
11 days.
BELAU — In New York June 9. 1904. Richard
Belau. beloved son of Michael and Albertina
Belau*, and brother of Mrs. Emma Helms,
Mrs. P.. R. Rubensteln and Otto, Rudolph
and the late Hugo Belau, a native of San
Francisco, aged 43 years 9 months and 20
days.
ELOSSFELDT— In the City and County Hos-
pital, June 25, 19C4. Charles Blossfeldt, a
I native of Russia, aged 54 years.
, BLUNDELL— In this city. June 24, 1904. Agnes
- M. Blundell. beloved mother of Roger and
William Blundell and Mrs. J. Kldd, and sis-
ter of James Forbes and Mrs. H. Bothmann. ;
a native of San Francisco, aged 42 years 9
months and 4 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. No. 3 Alice street, off Folsom between
Third and Fourth streets. Interment Mount
: Olivet Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from ;
Third and Townsend streets.
BRADFORD— In Oakland. Cal., June.25 1904,
at 623 Tenth street. Francis Fletcher" Brad- I
ford, beloved eon of Ann Bradford, and '
brother of George and William Bradford and
Mrs. Hattie Emlth, a native of Ohio, aged 44
years and 8 days.
BRINK — In Lakeport, Cal.. June 22. 1904, Lu-
clle, younpe*t daughter of Dr. H. O. Brink
and granddaughter of Mr. and Mrs. Frank |
Lerson. a native of California, aged 5 yearn
V rrv.nthi and 22 days.
! CAMETO— In this city. June 24. 190L Laurent.
| dc-arly beloved husband of Ciarlsse Cameto,
1 and father of Mra. K. Dimmer and Leon
Cameto, and scn-In-law of Mrs. Catherine
Koirjean. a. native of Ustarltz. Basse Pyr-
i enees. France, aged 62 years 3 months and
17 days.
; C7" Friends and acquaintances arc respect-
j UNITED UNDERTAKBRS.
— Funeral Directors and Embalmers ¦
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple,
NOW at 8«« MISSION. TeL; South 1C7.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near. Fifth st.
Finext Equipments at Moderate rate*.
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. /
; FCKERAL DIRECTORS AND KMHALMERS.
20 Fifth ft., opposite Lincoln School. - .
Telephone South SO.
! F. J. Monahan. Manager. Tel. Mission 31,
MONAHAN, O'HAEA&CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-2341 Mission st.. near Nineteenth,
S*n Francisco. -•
fully notified that the funeral will take place
on Sunday. June 2ti, at 10 o'clock, from his
late residence, 2010 Stockton street, between
• Francisco and Chestnut. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery-
DABNEY— In this city. June 24, 1904, Charles
M., beloved eon of N. R. and the late G. A.
Dabney, and father of Mrs. Eva Hutchinson,
a native of San Jose Cal.. aged 52 years 8
months and 19 daya A member ol the F.
O. E.. No. 5.
ICT'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), from the hall of the F. O. E.. No.
6. 7S1 Market street, where services will be
held, commencing at 12 - 30 o'clock. Members
are requested to attend. Interment Cypresa
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage. Remains at
the funeral parlors of James McGinn & Co.,
214 Eddy street.
EDDY— In this city, June 25, 1004, Rosina
Eddy, beloved wife of Isaac Eddy, and be-
loved mother or W. H. and A. B. Eddy, a,
native of England, aged 45 years. .
C7"Th e funeral will take place from th»
parlors of N. Gray & Co.. 357 Sutter street.
Interment private.
HENRY— In this city. June 24, 1004, Mary
j Beatrice, beloved wife of Carl A. Henry, u
native of Maine. ;
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), from her late residence, No. Ill
Belvedere street, at 9:15 o'clock, thence to
Holy Cross Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repooe
: of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric
funeral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
HYLAND— In this city, June 24. 1904. Emma
Matilda Hyland. a native of Ean Francisco,
aged 20 years. • t
E7"Remalns at the parlors of McFad-
den. McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth
FARLEY— In this city. June 25, 1904. Mar-
garet, beloved Infant daughter of Richard
and Margaret Farley t, native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 10 days.
KIERNAN— In this city, June 25, 1904. Mary
Louise, : beloved wife of the late Michael
Klernan, mother of the late Mrs. Emma
Apthorpe and Francis Klernan, and grand-
mother of Birdie and Lucy Burton, a native
of Ireland.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:45 o'clock, from her late
residence. No. 743 Harrison street, . thence
to St. Rose'6 Church for services. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KILDAY— In this city. June 24. 1004, Patrick
J., beloved husband of Cassle A. Kllday,
and father of Frank W.. Annie and Cassie
Kllday and the late Rosa M. Landry. and
brother of James and Michael Kllday, Mrs.
D. McLaughlin and the late William Kilday,
a native of County Sligo, Ireland.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, IS Adalr street, oft Howard, be-
tween Fifteenth and Sixteenth, thence to
6t. Charles Borromeo's Church, where ser-
vices will be held at 1 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. A. requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul at
St. Charles Borromeo's Church, Eighteenth
and Shotwell streets. Tuesday, June 28, at
7:30 a- m. Friends are Invited.
LUDOLPH— In this city, June 24, 1004, Grace
Valentine, beloved daughter of Mrs. AU
bertine Ludolph. and sister of Mrs. A. Eck-
ert. Mrs. J. C. Ludders and William, Harry,
Charles and Edward Ludolph, a native of
California, aged 16 years 4 months and 10
dayn.
MCCARTHY— In this city, June 25, 1904, Veva
A. dearly beloved and only child of George
W. and Alice M. McCarthy, and loving grand-
daughter of Mrs. Joseph Enright of San
Jose. Cal., a native of San Francisco, aged
7 years 7 months and 14 days.
SCHISLER — In this city, June 22, 1904, John
Schlsler. a native of Austria. A member
of the Barbers' Protective Union.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of the H. F. Maass Company, 917
Mission street. Interment Odd Fellcws'
Cemetery.
SEHABIAGUE— In this city. June 23, 1904,
Josephine, beloved wife of Michel Seha-
blague. and mother of Marie Sehablague.
and alster of Franceses, Leon. Pablo and
Francesco Yparraguirre and. Mrs. M. Garrat,
and sister-in-law of Mrs. Francisco Mrs.
Leon, Mrs. Francisco Yparragulrre. Mr. and
Mrs. J. Rey. Mr. and Mrs. A. Rehablague,
! Thomas' Sehabtaeue, Mr. and Mrs. Pallalt
and Mr. Garrat, a native of Spain, aged 31
' years.
! (DTFrlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
June 26, at 12 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1703 Hyde street, corner Broadway,
thence to th* French Church for service*,
commencing at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SHANEY— In this city, June 22. 19W. Law-
rence Shaney, a native of Ireland, aged 70
years. A member of Riggers' and Steve-
dores' Union. Local No. 222.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
June 26, at 12': 15 o'clock, from the parlors
of Piscine Undertakers, 777 Mission street,
thence to St Patrick's Church for services
at 12:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemttery.
SHATTUCK— In this city. June 25, 1904, Net-
tle E. Shattuck, beloved wife of Charles B.
Shattuck. a native of New York, aged 40
J years and 7 months,
i SMITH— In this city. June 24. 1904. Charles
A., beloved husband of Florence W. "Smith,
father of Raymond and Norbert Smith, and
sou of Mrs. John A. and the late John A.
Smith, a native of San Francisco, aged 30
yearn 7 months and 12 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:15 o'clock, from his late
residence 3058 Twenty-second street, near
Shotwell, thence to St. Peter's Church.
Twenty-fourth and Alabama streets, for ser-
vices, commencing at 12:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery, via electric
funeral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
street*.
SMITH— In Vallejo, Cal.. June 24, 1904. John,
beloved husband of Elizabeth Smith and
father of Ella A. Smith. Mrs. A. C. Brad-
ford, Mrs. W. B. Pressey and Mrs. A. B.
Elford. a native of Sweden, aged 68 years
SMITH— In the City and County Hospital.
June 25. 1904. William Smith, a native of
Arkansas, aged 22 years.
SMITH— In this city, June 22, 1904, Leonard
F., beloved husband of Maria D. Smith, a
native of Pennsylvania, aged 61 years 1
month and 16 days. (Honolulu papers pleasa
copy.) . .
C7Frleods and acquaintances and mem-
bers of Jamea A. Garfleld Post, G. A. R..
Garfleld Relief Corns No. 21. Lincoln Relief
Corps No. 3 and Seven Pines Circle No. 3,
Ladle* of the G. A'. R. are respectfully In-
vited to attend the funeral services Sunday.
June 20, at his tate residence, 172 Highland
avenue. Holly Park, at 12 o'clock, and at
1:30 o'clock at* Alcazar building. 114 O'Far-
rell street. Interment National Cemetery,
Presidio. Please omit flowers.
WADSWORTH— In this city, June 23. 1904.
Francis Conn Wadsworth, dearly beloved son
of Emma and the late Frank Wadsworth,
and brother of John, Thomas and Hattla
Wadsworth, a native of San Francisco, aged
24 years 2 months and 25 days.
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1223 York street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
"WILSON— In this city. Andrew M. Wilson, be-
loved aon of Mrs. Charles J. Green, aged 42
years.
ROOMS A\D POA1ID---Contlnnca 1^
BItEAKFAET and <J!aner with room. $20
nsor.tb: rirst -class home cooking. 1254 Eddy.
• -AX.IKORNIA, 152C — Large room, suitable for
2; tingle front room; board optional. j
nUBEftt Hid.,— Furnished rooms, with
board. _ !
3OLDEN GATE ave. 1046 — Sunny furnished
rooms, bath, tel., eooil board; reasonable. ¦
3GL'GH, U-0. near O'F*rrcll — Sunny rooms; j
heme cooking; gentlemen; $20; 2 meals <1S.
EDDY. T.rs. op» J»rr«*on P*.— Mcely fur.
fjr.ry rocirr : table board: reat. : new mang t. I
ELI IS 1174 — Parlor Milte; also double and tin- j
jf'.c rnjR.; mod.; sunny; excellent beard: reas. ,
FOI^OM. 2?";— IJlojrantly furn. rooms with
board for ccuplc. $10 wk.: single boarders.
rfi.TON. Ill Billing rooms with board In
ITivate'uoroe; Park drive; phone^ Page^ 5006.
CeAItY.i SCO. Houl IS Alslon— Family rooms
end board: entirely renovated: rra». prices.
HAWTHOP.N'E, I*, off Howard, near Third—
Trim room «i;h good board; ?4 oQ week.
LEO'ENWORTIi. 1C23— Lerge sunny room.
with board: bs'h: phone: 2. 3. 4 frentfemen.
NICELY furr.isbrd rooms and board. 1301A
Devteadero Et.
PACIFIC ave.. 1716. above Van Ness— Large
s .-.•.:> rooms; use cf parlor; excellent board.
TINE. 1<W> — Nicely furnished eults. slnerle rms.;
excellent tatlgj private; phone Polk" 3001.
ronXLU 502. corner Butter — Front room for
2: t!*o jingle twius: wtthout board: rea«.
TURK. 3S00— FVont sunny rms. good home cook-
Ing. $4.75. $:> tvk.; rme. without brd. $1.50 up.
VAX NESS ave.. 407 — Klce roonn, with board;
home cooking.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Single rocms and suite;
homelike.
WASHINGTON. 1021. near Mason— Rooms with
cr without board: jlS to J20 month.
A WEEK'S newTfoTs cenw^Tb. Weekly Call.
1« parei. tn wrarrer. for trailing, tl per year.
ST. I.OTJIS BOOKS.
FURNISHED rooms for World's Fair visitors;
rrlvat; familv ; b«st res'.ficnce section of St.
I-oui*: !i> rnir.utcs to fair grounds. MRS.
ASIIKEW RYAN. 42i0 McPhcreon ave.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — 2 unfurnished rooms for housekeep-
ing. Box 1125. Call.
THREE ur.fumish*>d rooms wanted for house-
ktfplng. Box I1S7. Cail.
SBWIXG MACHINES AJXP SCTPLIES.
BIY TH!" TEST— RENT THE BEST.
You make no mistake whfn you buy or rent
a White; you pet the best sowing machine
on earth; we are offering very special
• bargain* in a lot of new Whites. Fllghtly
ph»i--wom: they go while they last at one-
• half and one- third repular price City offices
— 3«. post «t.. LM1 Fillmore st. and 70S Va-
lencia Et.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
Is cheap'ft; »«;ond-hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office, 1C21 Market et., near Sixth.
NUW HCME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines: gllrhtly ured: J10, $16. $20; second-
hand. J-'J $5. $>«: all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1061 Market st.
Ix iMESTIC — Light f25) jTinning Domestic; sell-
ing uut: your own price. 1571 Market et.
STORAGE AMJ WAREHOUSES.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 72S-
731 Howard Et., nr. Tblrd: phone Grant 161.
A— GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse, G. Q. and Van
Nfff: office 117tt Market, r. 43; tel. South 750.
j'ii:iiCE-IiODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
Sc« I'ost end Powell st*.: tel. Prt. Ex. 671.
CC'NKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
d!s.-. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storac?: advances made. R40
iilgBUlB tt.; tel. Howard ft41. F.W.Zchfuw.
BACIFIC Storap* *nd Furniture Moving Com-
iirs. 2220 Killmore Et. : phone Jackson 2SL
EKKINS Van end Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
tt.. tel. Main 1S1& Shipping at cut rate*.
VIAVT.
liuTHERS' and daughters' boms treatment;
bocklet mailed free; correspondence Invited.
VI A VI CO.. 2304 Van N'yss are- -
TTFEWHITEJ&3 A3TD SUPPMZS^_^
AN excejjt'onally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Fmith FreaiiT, $25; other typewriters at
•higher and lower price* : rentals $2 60. The
ryr>'«Titir.g Exchange, 636 California st.
\ FEW gc.d typewriters at S30 each; get par-
liculxrs cf L. * M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
fomwr tt
"REMINGTON" — Excellent condition; a bar-
gain. Address box 1207, Call office.
2l> HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webiter Typewriting Inspec. Co., &08 Market.
FOR sale — Cheap: Al Smith Premier type-
vriter. J. P. ROANTREE. 128 Ellis gt.
LEASL..
A — DESIRABLE ter.aat wanted for 70-room
apartment -house near comer of Clay and
Broadway. Oakland; apartments of S and 4
rooms each; 5-year lease; rtnt $4 60 per
room; best proposition to-day. SPECK &
CO. 203 Montgomery st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice — The French Savings Buk,
313 Montgomery ft., for the h&lf year end-
Ing June 30, l'M4. a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate of three and oce-quarter
'••'-.< I>er cest per ar-.nutn on all deposits,
free cf taxes, payable on &nd alter Friday,
July 1. 1904.
LEON BOCQCERAZ. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — 6ecurity Savings Bank.
222 Montgomery »t.. Mill* building. — For the
half year ending June SO, 1D04, dividends
upon all deposits at the rate of three and
one-<iuarter (S'.i) per cent per ar.r.um. free
of taxes, will be payable on and after July
1. 1904. FRED \V. RAY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— San Francisco and Scb-
crban Home Building Society, fifth floor.
Mutual Savlsgv Bask building. 70S Market
et., opposite Third— Fcr the half year end-
ing June 30 1904, a dividend has bees de-
clared at tae rate per annum of ten (10) per
cvnt on capital stock and participating cer-
tificates, free from taxes, payabia oa and
after Friday. July 1. 1904.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD, Manager.
HUGH CRAIG. Secretary acd Casiiler.
OIVIEEND Notice: California. Safe Deposit
and Trust Company, corner California and
Montgomery its. — Kor the six months ending
June 20. 1904. dividends havs been declared
ob deposits In the savings department of this
company as follows: Oa term deposits, at
tbe rate of 3 6-10 per cent per annum, and on
ord.nery deposits at tbe rate of 3 per cect
per 2 mum, free cf taxes and payable on and
tliti Friday. July 3. 1V04.
J. DAL7ELL BROWN. Manager. ¦
THE Cootir.cntal Building and Loan Asaocla-
Ucn. corner of California and Battery streets,
Ean Francisco, has declared a dividend of
*. per cent per anrum oa Class "A" end
"F" stock, C per cent on term deposits and
5 per cert en ordinary deposit*, tor tbe six
mor.ths ending June 30, 1004.
WASHINGTON DODGE. President.
WILLIAM CORBIX. Sec. tz G*a. Mgr. .
DIVIDEND Notice: Eaa Francisco Savings
Union. 5.T2 California rt.. comer Webb. —
For the half year ending with the 30th of
June. 1004. a dividend has been declared at
the rate per ar.num of three cod one-half
<S%) per cect en terra deposits and thre« <3>
j>er cent on ordinary deposits, free of taxes,
I a:- at:* en acd after July IT 1904.
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
'DIVIDEND Notice: The German Savings and
Van !=o"!eiy, r,26 Califcn-Ia ft.— For the balf
year « cling June :». j:;CH. a rllvidmd hns
t*e<-n declared at tbe rate .,f thr<e and cne-
quarter (3'4) per cent per annum on all de-
jx»:tr. free of taxes, j a>aU:» on and after
Fridsy. Ju!y 1. 10C4.
GEORGE TO:;RN'ET. Secretary-
DIVIDEND Ncllce: M(Chanlcs"-Savlngs Bank"
Mithwfrt corner liuih and Montgomery stn!
— For the fcalf year ending with June "0
'.:•' I a dividend has been declared at th*
r*te cf three and one-quarter '3^) per ccni
p»r annum on all deposit?, free of tases, pay-
able on and o<t»r Friday July 1, 1904
rr.EDiCmCK II. CLARK. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE: Mutual Havings Bank
of tr.-in Francltco, 710 Market «t. — For tbe
half rrsr ending June :;o, 1004. a. dividend
has l>een <5«-clarc-d at the rtte of three and
'¦vM-qunrtcr <3U) p*r cent per annum on all
1«?p»*-its, free of 'axes, payable on and after
rrifisy. July 1. 1304.
CEO. A. STORY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice: Homboldt Savings Bank.
18 Geary *t. — For the half year ending June
30 a dividend «n deposits net been declared
at the rate of .*>U per cent per annum, free
cf Uxe5, payable on ist;d after July 1, 1904.
W ' E ' rALMKR ' Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice — Savings and Loan Society.
• J01 Montgomery St.. corner Sutter. has de-
"tered a. CivJdend for th« terra ending ."une
tC, I'M*, at the rate of three and one-quarter
<3U) P«" «e« per annum oa all deposits, free
of taxes end payable on and after July t,
1901. , CYKUS XV. CARMAXT. Ca*bier.HUSBAND AND WIFE PIjEAD
GUILTY. — Francis Gallagher' and his
plus reserve to $38,452,675.- Computed
upon the basis of deposits' less those
of 523,366,600 public funds, the surplus
is 544,294,325. The circulation was In
creased 5217,300, making i- gain In this
item of 52.966,400 since May 14. The
dcily average .of bank clearings for
the week was 5186,000,000 against 5174.
000,000 in the previous reek, reflecting
increased activity on the Stock Ex
change.
wife. Myrtle, charged with grar.a lar
ceny, were allowed to plead guilty to
petty larceny in Judge Dunne's court
yesterday. Francis was sentenced to
serve three months to the County Jail
and Myrtle five months. They stola
560 from E. O. Potter on March 22.
They nearly always say of a married
woman, "She Is so jealous of her hus
band!"
Some people claim a lot of credit be
cause they do not "tell" the victim of a
surprise party.
DETROIT. Mich.. June 25. — Edward Dela
ney.< a bartender arrested eeveral weeks ago on
suspicion of connection with the theft of a gold
bar valued at 122.000 from the Pacific Express
Company's office here, was to-day discharged
by Justice Sellers. The evidence did not war
rant holding him. '
WASHINGTON. June 25.— America
and the infant republic of Panama
formally joined hands to-day when
President Roosevelt received Senor
Don D. J. de Obaldia, the recently ap
pointed Minister of the republic 'of
Panama. The exchange of greetings,
official and formal though they were,
were particularly felicitous and hearty.
Representative of the Infant Republic
Is Cordially Received at
Washington.
3IINISTER OF PANAMA
GREETED BY PRESIDENT
BOSTON,, June 25.— Miss Helen
Keller, the gifted deaf and dumb and
blind student at Radcliffe College, has
broken down and is reported to be on
the verge of nervous prostration. Sh«.
began to fail, two months ago and was
ordered by her physician to abstain
from college work. It Is believed she
will get a degree with the 1 class of
1904 in spite of her Inability to fill all
the requirements.
Gifted Deaf, Dumb and Blind Girl
on the Verge of Nervous Prostra
tion From Overstady.
STRAIN PROVES TOO MUCH
FOR MISS HELEN KELLER
Reliable gas ¦" ranges 1 516 . 60. „ regular
price . 520, t this 1 week only at S. F. r Gas
& Electric Co.. 415 : Post st. rf ,;»
DENVER Colo., June 25.— Eight of the men
Lew for trial for fraudulent voting and neglect
of duty as officials In the last charter election
have been discharged by Judge Carpenter on
the ground that he had no Jurisdiction.
Come In Contact With Live Wire
Running Through Branches of .
Fruit Tree.
LANCASTER, p a ;, June 25.—Benja
min and Edwin Coshkey, brothers,
were 'electrocuted rat their homV near
Wabank. while picking cherries, coming
in contact with a wire ' that f ed ; lights
and which ran through the branches.' -
BROTHERS ELECTROCUTED
WHILE PICKING CHERRIES
NEW YORK, June 25.— The Financier
this week says:
, The striking features of the official
statement of the New York Associated
Banks lust week were more or less im
portant increases in all the . Items ex
cepT surplus reserve, which decreased
only slightly. The loans are now with
in 512.115J400 of the highest ever re
ported, which was on May 14. The
deposits are the greatest on record,
exceeding by 511,601,300 the maximum
shown on May 7, and the specie, legal
tenders and. total cash are the highest
for the current year. Loans were in
creased last week by 517,123,400, a gain
of 530,248,000 since June 4. The week*s
Increase was doubtless largely the re
sult of negotiations of corporation
loans. The near approach of • the July
dividend period also affected the ' loan
operations. The total bt : these pay
ments this week. will aggregate about
5137,000,000. The cash reserve rose 54,
0S6.200 or about 14-5 millions less than
the arilbunt which was elected upon
the, basis of the. traceable movement
of money during the week. The state
ment, so far as ret "ds cash, was prob
ably made on rising averages, the gains
having * been i largest after the middle
of the week. Deposits were Increased
by ; 521,301,600." making a gain - of 544,
515,200 since June. 4; the Increase for the
week, it will be noted, was less by 5730,
000 than the sum of the gain In 1 loans
and - In cash . and, therefore, the state
ment was slightly v out of proof. The
required ; reserve was increased 55,325,
400.' deducting fronv which the gain In
cash left 5417,200 as] the decrease in sur-
Enjoyed Prosperity During the
Week Just Bnded.?
Financial Institutions Shown to Have
bank'deposits reach
record figure in /east
Briefly stateB, the decision lays
down the principle that in appriase
ment cases a general appraiser or a
board of general apralsers la not re
quired to examine the merchandise
under- consideration unless It is sub
mitted as evidence • by either , party to
the action. The board - declares its
duty to be that of weighing evidence
and submitting a decision and that th e
burden of proof rests upon the party
making protest. . ',
NEW YORK, June 25.— A decision
which is regarded as being of much
importance to importers has been ren
dered by the Board of United States
General Appraisers. It has no bear
ing on rates,* but upon the methods to
be pursued by persons making protest
before "the, board upon duties assessed
by the collectors.' i
Board of Appraisers Decides It Does
j Not Have to Examine Dis
puted Goods.
BURDEN OF PROOF RESTS
WITH PARTY PROTESTING
There are circumstances under which
the boldest bulldog will look sheepish.
Roberts to Visit This Country.
, LONDON, June 25. — Earl Roberts
has definitely accepted Embassador
Choate's invitation to visit America
next year.
Report Estimates That Wheat and
Rye Hare Each Fallen Off a
Point Since May.
/'BERLIN, June 25.-J— The/ German
crop report, up to June 15, shows a
moderate deterioration of all crops
since May 15. Winter wheat and rye
lose one point, summer wheat and rye
two points and barley and oats three
points. The report says the. weather
in most parts of the empire was unfa
vorable for growing crops. *
DETERIORATION SHOWN . .7
IX CROPS OF GERMANY
. No, Maude, dear; it isn't the blowing
of the wind that makes the navy blue.
Warrants for the arrest of James
and Cass Salyers, on the charge of
murdering White, were issued. Blood
houuTs led the posse Into their home
and jumped upon the bed. This
prompted the posse to ask for the war
rants. Both of the Salyers escaped on
horseback.
JACKSON, Ky., June 25. — The posse
which has been on the trail of the
man supposed to have shot and killed
Mack White from ambush followed
their man during the night, but lost
him at Oakdale. The report that two
of the Sheriffs posse have been shot is
erroneous.
Canine Intelligence Results In the
Issuance of Warrants for
Murder.
BLOODHOUNDS LEAD POSSE
TO THE HO3IE OP SUSPECTS
An alleged effort of certain local la
bor unions to prevent the importa
tion of mantels and other house fit
tings was brought out in a complaint
filed yesterday in the Superior Court
by /Charles Ehman & Co. of Chicago
against the Pattosien Company of this
city. The suit is to recj>ver 53748 60,
Eaid to remain unpaidon a contract
of 56543 for an order of 200 oakwood
and sixty imitation mahograny mantels.
It is alleged that the local firm knew
when it made the order that the plain
tiff would have . to manufacture the
mantels, but "after receiving part of
them the Pattosien Company entered
into an agreement with P. H. Mc-
Carthy and the San Francisco Build
ing Trades Council not to sell any of
the plaintiff's mantels in this State be
cause they had been declared unfair
by union labor.
Chicago Manufacturers Sue Dealers
for Money Unpaid on
Order.
SAY LOCAL. LABOR UNIONS
STOPPED SALE OF MANTELS
"I have presented this matter fully
In order that you may have before you
all the facts which this offlce is able to
furnish you, believing that your hon
orable board, ever mindful of the tax
paj-ers* Interest, will deal ' Justly and
fairly with this important question.
Very respectfully yours,
- "WASHINGTON DODGE,
"Assessor."
"If a lower tax rate, based on an in
creased assessment roll, will provide
the revenue which your honorable
board has decided upon I respectfully
eubmit that our taxpayers should Hae
given the benefit of this lower tax rate.
Taxes this year are going to be largely
increased, and to this increase there
should not be added the additional bur
den of taxes, which if levied will mere
ly form a surplus revenue, which must
lie in the city treasury unused during
the ensuing fiscal year. I do not be
lieve that the majority of our taxpay
ers will object to the increase in their
taxes, which increase your honorable
board has so Justly devoted to neces
sary public improvements, amounting
to the sum of over 5500,000. I do believe,
howevjer, that this year, above all oth
ers, they should be spared the exaction
of any unnecessary tribute in the way
of taxation.
BENEFITS TAXPAYERS.
•'SAN FRANCISCO. June 25. 1904.
•To the Honorable Board of Super
visors of the City and County of San
Francisco— Gentlemen: While I am as
yet unable to determine the exact
amount of the assessment roll for this
year, I have in the last few days been
able to estimate approximately what it
will be. From these computations I feel
Eafe In giving you the assurance that
you may estimate the city's revenue
for the current year on the basis of a
roll of 5500.000.000. rather than on a roll
of 54G5.OO0.OO0. This additional increase
in the roll would result in a decrease
of the tax rate amounting to approxi
mately 8 cents, giving to taxpayers the
extremely low rate of 92 cents on. the
5100 in lieu of the dollar limit I am
advised that it is within your power
to change the tax rate previously es
tablished, which was adopted for pur
poses of computation only in order to
provide the revenue made necessary by
the tax budget, which latter has, how
ever, been definitely fixed. " • ;-
Accessor Dodge sent a communication
yesterday to the Board of Supervisors
in which he gives assurance that the
city** revenue for the next fiscal year
ir.ay be estimated on the basis of a
roll of more than J500.000.000. This
makes possible a lower city tax rate
than originally contemplated.
This announcement haa already be«n
outlined in The Call, and In all likeli
hood when the full returns are all in
the roll will aggregate an amount ap
proximating $515,000,000.
Assessor Dodge urges that a lower
tax rate than that of 3L2053, proposed
on an estimated roll of $465,000,000, be
adopted by the Board of Supervisors.
The board will therefore reduce the
rate to JL125G6 at to-morrow's meeting,
making lt 93 cents for running ex
penses. 7 cents for parks and 12.566
cents for Interest and sinking fund on
bonds. Dodgre's letter follows:
DODGE MAKES REPORT.
Levy Will Be Beduced by
Eight Cents as Besult of
the Enormous Valuation
EXCEEDS HALF BILLION
Assessor Dodge Informs Su
pervisors of Big Increase
in the Assessment Boll
URGES A LOWER
CITY TAX RATE
JHE ; SAN ; FRANQSCO- CALL; SUNDAY, JUNE 26, 1901.
48
If yon .wish to bay or trade
horses or wagons our advertis-
ers will meet your wants.
Bargains in to-day's HORSES
and WAGONS COLUMN. ~ V .
HALIgS. I HALE'S. I HALE'S. | HALE'S. \ HALE'S. t HA 1^ 3 -
llloiceSeo'noin^ Scents oy dummer
New Low Prices That Mean a Sweeping Sale. r ki fi
Women s Silk and Etamine Suits. <m i^m-
~*~T~M ic Far and Away the Most Important Event of Its Kind San Francisco Has Srrn T hi: Sr.rxnii. f '^'^SS''
The Reductions Give No Idea of the Values, 2^fef^»
Have vou heard the son? or wc haven't quoted the worth. We have marked them down from prices already remarkably low, that p I \\ \ \uvi\\\ && p*^CJ^£ikVJp?j
?w« *i, i-,*«c«. «~,,r- ;„ -nw hav e already made a stir; prices six-store buying alone could get. These silk suits that were $io.X5 we //// M\ \\ IB lk\\ ' IBrWwyK/^iSK i| l$
thats the latest rage in New might quote as worth them $15 to $18;/ they're $8.95 now. The silk suits that were $15 you woultf have //// /\M J P \\ / / j^ll/MJj&^M
York — Papa's Baby J hard work to duplicate at $25, yet they are $12.35, starting to-morrow morning. This to give you an idea ///// A/M I JklU ]/J-^ - 7^5/w//fl7«l«il\\ szA
We have been fortunate in se- of how much more the values mean than this list tells. V/^^J^£/nr^\ /^fnM'iv'iW^
cur ' vena Ransdaie The Silk Suits. The Etamine Suits. ffl\VTW^MMmi9^^
The little girl with the splendid Now SS.Qt, ; were $10.71. Now $22.50; were §2t.oo and $27.50. t'^ • ) d ' \T^S\ W 'Jlfe "$>^\vllr {IS^
voice, that made such a trcmen- Y ?JI /J v , r * „ . l o- ' jc W. Gl$< V V L>-^X\^ st^^fe^&jf* v /
dous hit at the Orpheum in Los Now $12.3 5: were $15.00. - A ow ? 2 7-5o : were S32.50 and S37.50. '$SS
B t2j Now$i 5 .oo;were$ii 7 5. - ' ; .were $40.00 and $45.00. RMf.
latest Eastern hit, "If You but u Z Z Nozv §39.00: were $45-OO and $50.00. i> \£M\}\ Q <^^sf>f /^^¦^^^^
Kncw " Now $22.50; were $30.00. . Ff , qif f q nn were 543 \\V WfiAirl iZS^Wt§ik\Ui%*4l0tN&
ci,a \\/:ii c:«a ' v - ¦-'¦/*.' 1 ne ctamine suits at J>«>y.uu and 55Op •lu lu' t' tif^SbJw^w/i ll/lr»fv»h^ \i%3L&&££k
OnC Will OinC ¦ Tho Silk- <^llitc nt CRO^ Are illustrated in the magniHcent styles, s?tlk lined throughout, black shot etamine. WvA// iV\ V WWiM^vV lit liV t\ 1V1 'i '«23«S??V, '
Fverv afternoon this w «v Tt 2"?n 311K. OUIIS dl ipO.VO picture. They come Eton jacket over a blouse, white silk lining at the front and \\Yl/ / ii n( ft, iU'liaMB^y v5?// Ju \i A \\ \\5l
3i sgtez. u *s '«%*i.?i aas SKax "ssaja.^jssn^ssr »• At §35.00. s» «— ?»»- ** >¦»- «¦- «¦ /I M4 Ww€wl vwnAwtiM
Steinway Grand piano through cour- \f CQQ PZ(\ Ar« some $30.00 tailored suits in beautl- Af <£97 ezfl -sr»H QiOO «?fl Are suits that were $25 ll Ml ' W \lt\ Vw %rt\/M 1/ .'il fJ>n K-\ $> sf-'-V.|
tesy of Sherman. Clay & Co. ***¦ €J>^5-6»O\f fu i B u k> beautifully made. No woman 1 At V^*«»>W alia to $37.50; i n black and ' 1 1 ,1,1 1 | Ml \ \\ \ / IwL * ll irii %S? A^i
- who wants a new silk suit will miss seeing them early to- blue etamine. beautifully made and trimmed. As good for early ' Iff ll'l I I usl \ \X \^/ tf/ff n '1 V *rf>*l? ,\\ A P' \V?/-iSl
morrow, for the prettiest ones will go flrst. fall wearing as you win be able to buy later and pay more for. U ¦ll I ; !|| jfn \ VkX7yJ^/ IM ll W*\li/\«r*'
Low Prices on Materials i t ' s a Hale clean-up. The timely disposal of bright, new, desirable stock for a purpose. We want j |'[| t [ ,jj $ JR& flj */} 9 ffi \ 1 El^W
F-nt* Af*f Xhl£\r\r your e^ p * ts to our advantage as well as yours to make these reductions now when you will be glad to [ fj f ! R^L^f^y 3b»\/^ $1 MJlAfflm Hi »>Vi
rUI S-\l L TT UTIV take advantage of them. It makes you think more of us. If we had waited till later, we would have to take I J|l \$*?M^L j^^^MHseS^nm lh^$^<
Idle vacation moments can be bigger reductions, and that would mean a bigger loss. ¦ S^sV;_i^^^^^^^^^^^^^>--. _j^
, Ends From 2 t0 10 Yards h on & New Silk Gloves Best News for Many in These Unusual
p^^ipp lll^ngigl^^Mlgj 10c Yd. ggg; m ..Values Silks, Dress Goods
Obiong jewels. 4c doz. Now for a big. sale to-morrow, and those who want to share it r~, , x , . , i?«- *u-,. -^ «-,„ *u* wnr Wn(?« mnct wmt^ iit«t nnw
silk draw braids. 3c yd.-see the coi- ouffht not to wait It is the regular i kc aualitv • mavbe ioo lengths They're the Amsterdam, For they are all new, all the very kinds most wanted just now ,
ors: white, cream. Arabian, black r u *>", n . ot . lo "f"' " * s regular 15c quality, mayDe 100 lengcns double tinned The ends of many of them just came in yesterday and will be shown for ths
and Persian; best assortment in in all, plain and figured art denims and art cretonnes, lengths from "" "" IC "PP CU - x^ enus> 01 - •;. m ' n „ , r( , f t i.f v nl^ «riV#«H nwavim^^r worth
, n c F an a d nc io S c CO y d° ther Iots at 5C ' 2 to 10 yards, just right for making laundry or. shoe bags? foiLcur- the . fin / e "' wear first time, to-morrow, yet they ate priced away under worth.
Battenberg braid— 25c pc. of 36 yds. taining clothes closets. And do/you know you can make the pret- °. ut ar , e m^ . e^ tra , Thp The Dre^Q Oflflrf^
Bea^or,ee. *S«\« l £% tiesl sort of .pillow tops for rough everyday wear? loCyard) the ? tro "^ Theyre the leaders ne OHR.& I UC _ L/ . 1 C2>2) U , UUU&
blads bunch for gold and 8ilver new price starting to-morrow. - in style. 50c and $1.00 a pair. Fancy Silk, 45c yard. Granite Suiting, 50c yard.
Free Patterns . But this news isn't of all short pieces; full lengths and new Some of the more elaborate ones ?£Jurt,n"'\f^2&2?S$ SSSM biS^irLS 38* &
For new stock collars. That's worth patterns are most important. The prices are lower than usual on arc l U5 ° a pain Look at thcm t0 *?* ° the _ r t col t °"; *^ e **? *& "«S e ? o S r We a sultins " 0n8 couM
whIle - thKe ** xvfil see how much better they are, and 2^i? e f.rf7?wV^u* m iS?, p Tilf^ o ? o •' • j
¦ tnese as wen. ... such swell shirt wajst suits. imnJt Srntrfi Smtinrr Tic vara
_ , < V- . ,. how much more worthy of the of getting lt at 45c yd. acoicn ouiun al / 3 c yaiu.
A Splendid New Line Art Burlap 15c yd. Art Lmene 15c yd. / price . We. know you will want Fancy Silk, 65c yard. SSfVJ iVS^ mSS 1 Jf.g:
Jponrv SnV fit I^C It's the regular 20c stuff; use It for It's -the: reg xilar 25c stuff. In that to be first to see them to-morrow It's a regular 85c silk. And here store strength back of the value. It's
lT<Xl\\-y JUA dl &OK, covering walls or to make curtains n .? w llnen "" lsh « 3S , '"i.J' 1^ 6 ' wear3 mnrn - n you will find the new gun metal col- a pretty stuff lightened up with wo-
In swell oatterns strioes nlaids or for floor coverings. It's full 36 ™jvr^,rnitn^ 8 2it»™ d n5°fJ n ?h: mOrnm^ ors as well as browns, blues and ven dots.
J and fiUS "Jt on^but^s as wide and comes In a pretty line n S^ w IZ^Y^llt'l Sj lot. At S^^S *g? e i£ggS- $tFJ^^ m^%&t?!$?d 75* Voiles, 4 5C yard.
pretty g as can be, though some SWlfyaS & 1<>W PriCe " It>S y °™: 15 ° S?^»^i ™ 2SS. l^l^^h^
, are more conservative than oth- . XVs B^d K b2 Colored Taffeta, 50c. a rival, all colon .and^ black. Fresh
ers. It's to smt erery man that _ . sizes 5 and'viBOcU ' * 75c quality, firm, lustrous, all good and new and perfect In weave. 4oc
we get the variety we did. . - . At 31.00 pair— 3-clasp. extra quality cplors. 19 in. wide, extra heavy: yara *
T^eyVreSra^tronTat^hllleels Manufacturer's Odds and Ends, . fe. 8 " yardS °' ? &t 5 ° C Alld the LllHIlgS
- and toes and warranted fastT^r ¥ - /~*^ *m4- n l~* ~ d C O«* |ryo n the back, black only, sizes White Jap Silk, 70c yard. Bargains to round out the occasion,
black; all sizes 9 to 1^ . fN CW L.SLCQ CtirtainS, 95C Fr. At SlJo pair-2-clasp embroidered *< *. wide, a h4vy L,l,ty. In these " f st " ff f , x , .
Here s a bargain that deserves J> silk gloves, double tipped Am- small figured deslgns^for making Lining Taffeta, 654 C yard,
special mention: / About ioo pairs of them. Patterns are not odds and ends. They £ te^ d l m^ b } acl l', h f ndsome JX em " fancy shirt waists. it's 36 in. wide; only in tafts and
TT , i , , , , , . " uuo . *"" tim3 ; ' " J broideVed in black or white; or TJlorV TnflFptn*: *V light and dark grays; 10c quality at
Summer Underwear, 35c. are among the very best he had; regularly they would retail from white embroidered in black .or -DiacK j.aueui:>. ftflr'* . 6%c.
r>i t> 11. • j o . ± e> ••r>i • c .'y white; sizes 5 to 7. 21 in. wide. 40c to 65c yd. Hale silk •p»___i:«» o T -- v * r A
Regular 50c Balbnggan under- $1.50 to over $2.oo a pair. But one pair of a pattern, x and V/z leadership is shown stronger here .rercaline, o 1-3C yara.
Sof^Lyar'n.'Dil": yards long and from 50 to 58 inches wide. Now if you have a win- _ ~ ., ft . S.s'SJSSSS &%*&£ "" ««""*•«-»»¦•-««» —
ers have double seams, finished dow that needs new curtains, here's the best opportunity you have vJ0=w3rt 3.1 •p4.y5- ' -1_L-
5 c a a y m whr.e SS^SS instep had i " many a da y to fiU the^ c ' d - pair. ' It 's a Haie opportunity. .. 2 5c Wash Stuf f s at 1 9c Yard
ofsoc. $1.25 Cottage Curtains at 95c pair. Brass Curtain Rods 8 I-3C • ,. One you will welcome if you ZOt VVdbll 31UI1& dl iyt I di U
% *¦¦> ..;." ~~ aii our swiss cottage curtains we 2*? S^^ p a "JSSS5 are thinkin S of a ncw so-czrt for 3ooo yards here made up of cheviots, madras, woven dotted
Stocking: Economy have been selling at $i.2B are 95c. measuring^ from sc^to ?f ir T wide! baby. As good a one as you will lawns, plain Wen suitings, as pretty stuffs as this sumper has
Not a woman should miss sharing DaInt r « «« be - We are Etock Rr^^tt^,! At) pay much more for usually. Re- brought forth. A few yards of this; maybe more of that; but a
R«t vai D « we have hari lightening, if you need cottage cur- crass sash Kods O4c. dining; can be adjusted to any magnificent choosing. We ye grouped them all under one head and
in many a day. Women know tains now or if you think you will , 1 ~° h a f^ I ! o c t n S5S n The? r i<5!k 1 £ Position; can be used as a crib as all at One price. Instead of 2 5 C yard pay IOC to-morrow. Stock
what that means. They know need them In the future, buy now nlSJthStft Sd^styl? of well as for a cart It's made of l iCThteninff _that's why.
Hale stockine values are al- at 85c pr. ", ctring. 6 Vic each. reed, with scroll sides, swell front, "*>"«:»""*, uwlB "";• %*J, . ~ .. ¦*
ways in the lead. Six-store ¦ s - new » easy runnin S automobile gear, Mousseline de Soie, 25c yard. Novelty Suiting, 20C yard.
buyinff nuts them still further - ' with P atent spring and foot brake, it's a regular 35c : quality. That Regular 35c quality: comes In brown.
to the front to-morrow iA m U^UI^tJ^^y^i * . 1 _, so it won't run away from you. dainty stuff that is daintier this year blue and black; mixture that looks
, to tne iront to-morrow. A i\ 1 11 *«L^5c?r» T | T^vm-«r^^l £> r»"rf- 1 CTx-r Saos than ever; In solid colors with woven like a lightweight wool and yet has
r> t« -,'•¦¦ £j*+\v I ll I K ¦ ll V I I IWPI^ Z^% I 1 v4-yj- Anti- nnt nil mlori but a "iMd as- all the summer comfort of cotton;
25c StOCkingS at I5C pair. **~T\J 1 Ul IVipil' 1UYVV13 <X\ Ut At $9.aS-A reclining go-cart, with sorfment If you are thlnkll?of a^ 20c instead of 35c yd.
Women's Imported stockings, full They're regular 20c ones, as good as we can get to sell at regular i^X lW /£S? Sl nTr;i v Cl °^Li W »°r e !J evening dress or a light summer White Oxford, 28c yard.
hf S ck On RLbSn C dt ribbed 'frlm m to« 0 t r o prices; better than mOSt y0U wiU P ay fon Thcy ' re ""bleached, size cusl on of rep. ?uffle y d pamsofS waist you won t miss seeing it. 2»c Regular iQc stuff . wMta Md
too F?ench Joies h™ls Ind 22x 45; absorbent as can be and hemmed. It's a towel that isn't too rough automobile g£r with patent spring £; J f rd - . . . mercerized. It's the favorite stuff
tot 8: 8 all lC B tee.^mS B to e i0. h l| 1 c iSSr* for delicate skins. The quantity is limited, so don't wait too Ion*. Share ™ £f d le to and ake = . C q a ?, b * ad - Black Suitings, 25c yard. for summer waists; much .of^lt is in
a^ed. lm R^he!iJ™dRSS«»fflJ Cotton Towels, loc. .:,,. Crash Toweling, 6c yard. £?& ¦ < ShoiSSd a S?.h"io? 1 of^ at 25c y<L [ ? Bea An fU u Uyr D rwd Pa^^^^^ ¦
118111 &ttd ??*£" h** c qualIt ?' bl^£ h^ d ; Slz ? It<S , br °. Wn and ™" blt "***-*<> SatinVSSl with dee? Sffli autS: Cotton Suiting, IOC yard. white la^llnen and oxfJrT* ° a
dark grounds, sizes 8 to 10. i 9 x38. Heavy towels with lots of emphasize that. 17 inches wide; mobile gear, rubber tired wheels That has been 12 %c up to now not ' J2 60 patterns at $195
SOC Stocking at ISC oair wear and satisfaction. regular 8 l-3c toweling at 6c yard. and foot brake. SX7.50.' v^ery W^? th«e is jsioo KtSraS St I"!
5UC OLULKings dl j^c pdir. _y .,. .-.._ .... >_., . , -, will go quickly. Wish we could de- - $3.50 patterns at $2.95
Gauze lisle, best imported quality A K/X VVll I <**»¦#" €tir /fir> -t )> scribe Its beauty; unusual at 12%c • $5.00 patterns at $4.45
Hermsdorf black, thin gauze, full im. UtA/V OUvwL dl ArOW f\^A^^m I. 71/1 •« . - Share lt at 10c, starting to-morrow. J6.00 patterns at $4.15
faFhionod French Boles, heels and ». , .. . , ,,. ,,, , ,^ ., , . • =¦ . „, I li llc^r liV IWfWt
toes; sizes 8 to 10. 35c pair. for a stir m bedding. We haven't seen it before under .we. That vyi ***** . U J 1'lClll ,
was a remarkably low price. Its made of good muslin, light weight, soft Every advantage we offer. our city •—— — - — — — — — • r±i}T .0TB7
(iS, J?W JBW *1BT and comfortable. Just the kind you will want for a summer sheet, and think customers we extend to those who p LOO.tSHl NE f^Jv /£3/^/£W/ ////
MJzhsZZinnZ*^^ l l^^' 1 " «» thls ™^< r W 'T 11 69^; if. a good 1^ W/ M^-1 '
-^i^,n soft nnish; bleached; i^^w-^.. ™? dG Ot L st 'l nd 'Y^ 1 " P° r wI11 bu >' for >" ou as carefully as can will cover 75 J&sJ GOGD&L*^
'-Market St., Near 6th- S. F. size 45x36. ¦ ¦ ¦ |gg- m SS. emPhaSl2e the PrlCe 5ffi?«.S a^S i ,?g% 1 it pSS.J|fi5 elf - Bq - "' ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Julv 1 st 2^& 3^
open evenings i^^V f?^\
V Va, ; California
\ iSf Fireworfts
\^^^^ m Company
II S 219 Front 51
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
116 ELLIS!
A. B. SMITH CO.
Notice Our New Mombsr. !
To accommodate our. increasing J
patronage we have removed our
Trunk and Bag Department to
larger and more commodious quar-
ters, where you can find the most
complete line of traveling equip-
ments ever shown in 'Frisco.
Don't forget the Number I
ne ellis