Continued on Pace 2, Column U
* — • - •- - -, ¦ - -.»
_^ .War Aews Continued on Pase 2» _
• . ' . .'. f -¦.¦-¦' -
.CHEYENNE. Wyo.. June 2.— The
Wyoming State convention to-day se
lected* delegates to the National Con
vention and instructed ; them to vote
for William R. Hearst for the Pres
idential nomination," ."
Wj-oming Instructs for Hearst.
Willett is 20 years old and Is one of
the brightest young men in the col
lege, —
order to make himself a hero In her
eyes and to get a money reward for
hia bravery In her behalf ; also that he
had shot himself deliberately in order
to give- .weight to his story of his
bravery and at the same time make
himself a hero in the eyes of. the Po
mona College students and faculty.
He said he did not intend to cause
anything more than flesh wounds,. but
the fact is he narrowly escaped killing
himself. 'J&B&^&i&gfcSJUlfcafi
WASHINGTON. June 2. — Postmas
ter General Payne, as acting chairman
•of the Republican National Commit
tee., has appointed United States Sen
ator PenroEe of Pennsylvania a mem
ber of the committee, to succeed the
late Senator. Quay. .
Succeeds Quay on Committee.
More significant still is a strong in
timation of the Novosti, foreshadowing
that a commercial j treaty between the
two countries .will pave, the, way to a
purely, commercial rapprochement. ,.
The impression. is growing that Great
Britain is playing, 'a shrewd -game, for
big stakes, commercially as well as po
litically, and , that , while , a~* complete
agreement would be mutually, advan
tageous to both Russia and Great Brit
ain, it would be at the expense : of .the
United States In .both these directions.
, ST. PETERSBURG, June 2.— The
comment here on the settlement of the
Russo-Canadian • fisheries dispute is
very significant. The agreement is
welcomed by the Russian press as evi
dence of the Increasing • probability of
an Anglo-Russian alliance, I the papers
pointing ; out . that public opinion in
Great Britain, France and Russia- is
becoming" more favorable, the war. In
stead of proving an obstacle to an
alliance. , serving as one of the argu
ments in its favor. . ,, iA. •
Talk of Anglo-Russian Rapproche
ment Continues.
BRITAIN'S ATTITUDE PECULIAR
T3OISE. Idaho, June 2.-— The Demo
cratic convention of this county was
lie Id to-<iay and was of great Import
ance because Senator Dubois' plan for
dealing with the Mormon question was
brought forward and adopted by the
convention. The resolutions adopted
demand 'a plank in the national plat
form favoring the submission of an
amendment to the constitution giving
Congress authority to deal with the
problem of polygamy and punish
those guilty of .polygamous practice.
Anti-Mormon Platform.
Morris surrendered immediately to
officers. " Hampton declared that Mor
ris was 'justifled' in cutting him, be
cause he' had < forced the fighting.
Hampton - is from South Carolina and
Morris is a miner who has worked In
1 .varlojas^gtatev . "" ",' /' ~T~~ ' T>>*<'«
CHICO, June 2.— Wade Andrew
Hampton, a stranger in Chico, was
killed this morning in the couise of a
flght ( with knives with Fred Morris.
who is also a stranger In town. The
men were not friends, but had met in a
box car near the depot during the
night, both having beaten their way
here on trains. " ! , *¦¦¦-.
Hampton was crazed by alcohol to
day and. drawing a knife, pursued
Morris. After a chase of several blocks
Morris, realizing his inability to out
run his pursuer, halted and begged
Hampton to throw away his knife and
fight fairly. Hampton immediately
wrapped his coat around his left arm
as a guard and with the open knife
clasped in bis right hand he advanced
toward Morris, who. In his emergency,
likewise protected his arm and drew a
knife.
Hampton made a lunge at Morris, but
failed to land with the knife, and Mor
ris made an unsuccessful counter.
Hampton repeated and Morris narrow
ly avoided a blow by dodging. Morris
took advantage, of an opportunity and
with , one swing: cut a gash In
Hampton's body. Hampton walked
Into'the yard of W.-H. Aliller. and fell
on the porch. • He died this afternoon.
Bp»ciaJ Dispatch to The Call.
\ '/The cavo is filled - with natural
arches,", he" said,' ."supported j by. stal
actite "columns, 'the beauty of which is
marvelous.- From the floor great stal
agmites push up and branch toward
the; dome-like ceilings," In the shape of
trees."/ •'•¦ . .>'¦_ -;¦'¦:¦-" }' •¦-¦'..'
; . The 'cave is, possibly the outlet of one
of the "lost"; rivers which abound - ln !
the eastern section of. I* ev.a.dj^ ' .^»_>^j
SALT LAKE, June 2.— A vast under
ground cavern, In places seemingly
bottomless and of unknown extent, has
been discovered • near Cain. Springs,
about sixty-five miles west of Callentes,
Nev.,on the line of the San. Pedro,'
Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad.
The cave is now being thoroughly ex
plored by members, of the. railroad and
engineering crew, who learned of It
through an old resident* of the sparsely
settled district.
The cavern bids fair to become one
of the most celebrated of the natural
wonders 1 of the West and a rival of
the Mammoth Cave of Kentucky". . Ex
ploring parties have been able to pene
trate to a distance of over 2000 feet,
progress at this point being
by an abyss so deep that stones thrown
from the brink gave back no sound of
striking bottom."
E. O. Wattis of Ogden, Utah, one of
a party that first Investigated the nat
ural "wonder," announces that a system
atic j exploration Is in contemplation.
He, in company! with several railroad
contractors, recently .penetrated to a
great -depth the mysteries of the hith
erto ; scarcely known cavern. , Accord
ing to him the cave is filled with beau
tiful crystallized chambers,- many, of
them of great size and height. .
Special Dispatch to The Call. '
GREAT CAVE
DISCOVERED
IN NEVADA
MEM FIGHT
FATAL DUEL
WITH KNIVES
Meanwhile the local police searched
long and far for the alleged incendiary
and murderous assailant. Yesterday
Constable Slanker found that the oil
saturated rags came from a room to
which only Willett had a key. Other
suspicious facts were revealed, but the
Claremont people denounced the con
stable's theory that' Willett was the
guilty person.
Constable Slanker and President
Gates of Pomona College went to the
bedside. of Willett to-day and showed
him proofs of his guilt. After two
hours of discussion Willett broke down
and sobbingly confessed that ' he had
planned and executed the attempted
burning: of Mrs. Renwick's house In
POMONA. June 2. — Harry S. Wil
iett, president of the Sophomore Club
at Pomona College and who came
from San Jose, has confessed that he
is the incendiary who operated at the
home of wealthy Mrs. Louise Renwick
at Claremont, in the Pomona Valley,
and that he shot himself purposely to
create sympathy for himself. The
confession has astounded people In
this locality and little else Is talked
of here to-night.
Early last Friday morning the peo
ple in Claremont, the site of the.Po
mona College, heard pistol shots in
the yard of Mrs. Renwick's mansion.
People who ran to the scene found
Harry Willett apparently unconscious
on the ground, with bullet wounds in
his left arm and shoulder. He said
later that he had been roused from
his sleep In an adjacent house by the
sound of steps upon the porch of the
Renwick residence. He said further
that he ran out to defend the prop
erty when an unknown man shot him
twice and that he fell to the ground.
It was discovered that some one bad
carried rags saturated with oil and a
bottle of kerosene to the porch and
had tried to force an entrance to the
unoccupied Renwick residence." All
Claremont was excited at the attempt
at incendiarism and praised Willett's
conduct. For a week he has been the
hero of the college town and profes
sors and students have vied with one
another to nurse him back to health.
CHICAGO, June 2.— One of the most
important moves ever made In this
part of the country toward the stamp-,
ing out of pulmonary consumption will
be instituted at once by the establish
ment of a tent colony at Ottawa, 111.,
under the patronage of the Illinois
State Medical Society.
The site, containing twenty-five or
thirty acres on a bluff overlooking the
Illinois River, has been donated to the
use of the colony and arrangements
are now in progress for the purchase
of tents and other equipments. Men
and women patients will be received.
It is the' purpose of the physicians
backing the undertaking to demon
strate that tuberculosis can be cured
in this climate, when not too far ad
vanced, by fresh air j and good food.
From this beginning it is expected sim
ilar camps will be established through
out the State. The only cost to the
patients will be the actual expense of
food. This item, it is estimated, will
be from $16 to $18 a month.
The consumptives who avail them
selves of the opportunity to regain
their health will be subject to one con
dition. They will be required to prom
ise when they enter the colony that
they will remain there until pronounced
cured. From nine months to a year
is the estimated length of residence re
quired. After leaving the colony the
patients will be observed for two years
and if no sign of disease reappears in
that time they will be considered per
fectly sound.
The tent colony will be open summer
and winter alike.
TWO LEADING LIGHTS OF THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY IN CALIFORNIA WHO
ENGAGED IN A VERY EXCITING WAR OF WORDS IN THE PALACE
HOTEL GRILL. YESTERDAY. THERE WERE NO CASUALTIES.
Seated for lunch at the round taMa
Reference to the dictionaries proves
conclusively that Tarpey looked after
his ammunition before going into the
fight. He didn't provide himself with
ten-inch projectiles for eight-Inch
guns.
"Webster defines "ambidextrous":
"Having the faculty of using; both
hands with equal . ease. Practicing or
siding with both parties. Esop con
demns • • • all false shuflllnx;
and ambidextrous dealings."
The Century Dictionary la equally
explicit in defining what "ambidex
trous" means: "Having the faculty of
using both hands with equal ease and
dexterityj hence skillful, facile. Prac
ticing or siding with both parties;
double dealing and deceitful."
It is plain now, after the smoke of
battle has cleared away, that Tarpey
planned the onset to" crush and destroy
Budd. The wary ex-Governor must
have had some knowledge or'premoni
tion "of Tarpelan tactics. He did not
lose his presence of mind or yield one
Inch of ground, but returned the lire
with telling effect. The numerous non
combatants were dazed and bewildered.
McNAB MISSED THE FUN. .
The battle of the Santa Cruz conven
tion broke out afresh in the P"alace Ho
tel grill yesterday and was observed by
an army of spectators. The engage
ment began precisely at 12:50 p. m. and
lasted fifteen minutes. The clash was
between M. F. Tarpey and ex-Governor
James H. Budd. both -of the Hearst
forces. The advance of Tarpey was
sudden and bold. He uttered no. battle
cry in particular, but swore by alhtbe
big and little buttes of great Shasta
land that Budd was ambidextrous.
Just think of It! The idea of on»
Democratic statesman of the Hearst
contingent calling a' brother states
man of the same party ambidextrous.
and, more than that.' proving by sub
sequent language that he knew the
meaning of the ternr! .
"You swing a hammer with both
hands," said Tarpey. "You hammer
your friends. You have been tarn^y
about me. You have been talking too
much about the Santa Crua convention
and saying that I butchered the Htarst
campaign. Yes, on the 17th of May
you said I had butchered the Hearst
campaign. You ajre ambidextrous. You
swing a hammer with both hands."
AMBIDEXTROUS DEFINED.
Claremont's Shooting
"Mystery" Is Ex
pltblliuUt
Illinois to Have Col
ony for Consiimp
llTuui '
Hammer Swing'
ing With Both
Hands.
TENT CITY
TO HOUSE
THE SICK
COLLEGIAN
CONFESSES
HIS CRIME
candidate: for the iibpublican nomination koit governor of Illi
nois. WHO NOTV HAS THE HIGHEST NUMCKR OF VOTES AND WHO AT
ONE TIME YESTERDAY APPEARED ASSURED OF VICTORY.
Much excitement prevailed during
the afternoon sessjon. Lowden men
'started several demonstrations In ef
forts to stampede the convention and
they made 'a great noise. When Low
den began to fall back the -Yates peo
ple began- a demonstration and let
tfown fren^ the girders a great banner
' bearing the quotation, "Hold the fort."
Chairman Cannon ordered It taken
down arid a dozen hands tore It from
•It* fastenings and threw the wreck
Into the Morgan County Yates' delega
tion. A fight was prevented by the
Interference of the police. The ban
•cer. after Its rescue by the Yates men,
v-as hung up at the rear of the plat
form. : ¦ . »
Yates' lowest vote during the day
«-as 2€2 ar a his closing vote was 405.
There was bo material change .In the
vote of the other candidates.
For several ballots his vote Increased
until It reached a total of 631%. Then
the tide turned and on the dosing bal
lot, the seventy-eighth, his vote had
Cropped to 632^. It requires 752 to
Comina.«. ¦ - ¦".' ¦.';"?¦
WBen the convention reconvened for
the afternoon session the long-expected
break, from Yates to Lowden came and
he got the vote of Speaker Cannon'6
£fstrict es.well as the votes of several
other counties and some scattering del
egates. • • ¦¦' .'*--'¦
LOWDE3T GAINS AND LOSES.
"Let. us adopt this resolution," he
*aid, "and nominate a ticket, and let's
do it to-day."
There, was not a vcte against the
: resolution, but when the roll was called
for the eixty-seventh ballot there was
co substantial change* from the ballots
•cf th<! previous day. On the next bal
lot take.n before the noon recess a num
ber of the unlnstructed delegates voted
for Judge Sherman, whose speech be
. fore the convention had made a good
Impression, and he received to votes.
Congressman . Cannon demanded the
attention of .the convention and elo
quently pleaded with the delegates to
break the deadlock. He declared that
the delegates must .compromise and
called attention to the fact that the
convention, by its inaction, was injur
ing the Republican party, not only in
Illinois, but in the entire nation.
• Each declared in favor of the reso
lution,' speaking in ttve order named:
Frank -O. Lowden. Governor Richard T.
Yates. Charles Deneen, Attorney Gen
eral How land J. Hamlin, Lawrence
Fherrnan, Congressman • Vespasian
Warner "and John H. Pierce. .
CANNON MAKES A PLEA.
¦ The attempt to bring about the break
vas a spectacular one. Ex-Congress
rr.an Walter Reeves, chairman of the
committee on resolutions, and Chair
man Cannon, engineered the plan, which
t\ as. made possitale by the report of
the committee on resolutions, which
presented the resolution to the effect
that the delepat^s be released from
instructions. When it . was presented.
Reeves called upon the candidates, one
by onf, to come before the convention
and PYph/ss their opinion regarding it.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., June 2.— A des
perate effort or. the part of Republican
leaders to break the deadlock in 'the
State convention failed to-day, and at
i o'clock to-nicht the assemblage took
a recess until 10 a. m. to-morrow with
out having nominated, a candidate for
Governor.- - '.-. '-'
Exciting Scenes
During Day's
Balloting.
"This is a moat formidable army,"
he says, "and it will be a marvelous
achievement to carry by assault such
a place, with more than a score of
great landward forts disposed at a dis
tance of fifteen miles from the harbor.
Still, the reduction of the place un
doubtedly can be accomplished."
- According to the Chronicle's Tokio
correspondent, the Russians have com
pleted eleven - fortresses at Llaoyang
and are laying mines at. a distance of
5000 feet around them.
The Daily Telegraph's well informed
Tokio correspondent estimates the to
tal defending force In Port Arthur as
30.000. •
No further news of any kind has
been received about the movements of
the Japanese forces. Generals Kurokl
and Oku are working in the utmost
secrecy.
The belief here is that if General
Kuropatkin is undertaking such a des
perate measure, he can be doing so
only in deference to the strongest po
litical pressure and against his better
judgment.
"Large forces of Chinese bandits are
collecting in the 'hills northeast of the
Liao River and are preparing to cut
the railway north of Mukden."
REINFORCEJIENTS FOR OKU.
The correspondent of the Daily Ex
press at Nagasaki cables that trans
ports laden with troops continue to
leave Western Japanese ports daily for
the theater of war. A large proportion
of those dispatched during the past
week, he cays, were to reinforce Gen
eral Oku.
"The Russian . force in the engage
ment at Wafantien on May 30. is sup
posed to have been formed of four
Siberian regiments, which, were., it
portetrtothi^e^e'ft Ta^ii«J-Mach*o ort'
May 2S, being the ..first section of a
relieving column "for Port Arthur.
The railway is fairly intact from the
north to Wafahgtien, but is complete
ly deserted from there to Pularitien.
The Japanese, are , unconcerned over
this demonstration, being' convinced
that it will be impracticable for the
Russians to move a sufficient force to
•prove effective." > -
t ft LONDON, , June 2, — The Daily
flail's Newchwang correspondent,
'cabling under date of June 2. says:
\ "General . Stalkenberg, with 14,000
Russians, made up of artillery and cav
alry and also infantry, has marched
south of Llaoyang, in the direction of
"Wafantien.
The Standard correspondent at
Tientsin, sending the same news,
says: - . •-,-'•¦
forcements, according to a dispatch
from Tientsin, are moving southward
from Kaiping toward Wafangtien.
under General Stalkenburg. They
comprise a battery of artillery, four
Siberian regiments and a company of
Cossacks, aggregating 12,000- men.
Another brigade is. following, the in
tention being, to engage the Japan
ese now attacking Port Arthur in
their rear.
JAPANESE NOT ALARMED.
LONDON, June 3. — Telegrams from
different points seem to confirm the
rumors that General Kuropatkin is
attempting a diversion in the direc
tion of Port Arthur. ¦ Russian rein-
VANZALEN, Manchuria, Wednes
day, June 1. — The Japanese are land
ing another army of 50,000 men at
Takuskan. Japanese posts were
withdrawn to-day 1 from positions
near Vafangod (Vagenfuchu), de
stroying the bridges as they retired.
They were busy during the night re
moving the wounded from the bat
tlefield and burying the dead.
'Break to Lowden
Gives Him a
Good Lead.
Sending an Army
to Attack Gen
eral Oku.
Tarpey and Budd of Hearst Forces
Clash in Grill Room of the Palace, but
"Jim" O'Brien Prevents Blood Letting
Candidates Release Delegates From All
Obligations, but the Deadlock Continues
in the Illinois Republican Convention
Kuropatkin Yields
to the Clamor
at Home.
<^m ii— r-i it -» -ri ¦ i i i ¦ J _i ii j. i -I r T I I o x
CHEFU, June 3. — The Japanese have landed another army twenty miles from Takushan. Seventy
warships and transports have discharged troops there. Reinforcements for the Japanese army which is
attacking Port Arthur have been landed northeast of Talienwan. -:/ • .
LARGE JAPANESE ARMY DISEMBARKS NEAR TAKUSHAN
TEE WEATHXE.
Torecast made at Sam JPran
dseo for thirty hours eadlnc
miialirht, June 3:
San Francisco and vicinity-
Pair rrlday; warmer; light
north wind, ehanglnr to west
erly. A. O. McADXE.
District Forecaster.
The San Francisco Call
_ J THE THKA.TXBS.
Alcazar— "Toll Gate Inn."
California— "Janice Meredith."
Central — "A Celebrated Case."
Chutes— Vaudeville.
Columbia — "The XJttle Minis
ter."
Fischer'!— "TT. S."
Grand — "Diamond*."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Tivoll — "The T07 Maker."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JUNE 3, 1904.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 3.SACRAMENTO, June 2.— Sir Mod
red, a noted stallion, died from old
age at^Hancho del Paso to-day aged
twenty-seven' years. He was the sire
of many winning racers*
.Noted Stallion Is J>ead.
H. W. Charles, a carpenter about 65
years of \ age, . committed suicide by
"hanging himself from a tree in Gold
en Gate], Park last evening. Little is
known about the suicide except his
name and the fact, that he is a'mem
ber of the Carpenters' Union. A card
in bis cocket disclosed these .facts, '
illiiiiiflimi iiiimilli'if wrf I iilii fii' in ' » ' TiiiimI
HiuigH Himself in Park.
-•', Deputy Health Officer Adler yester
day filed'a report with the health of
ficer showing that. he had, together
with Auxiliary ' Inspector White, in
vestigated several private 'homes for
babies and founds them in a deplor
able condition. 'At the place of Mrs.
O'Hern, .731>/Folsom street, the re
port says, a sick baby suffering with
enteritis Was found and ordered re
moved to better surroundings. At the
place of. Mrs. Bridley, -^756 Folsom
street,-there were four children rang
ing \ from four months to five years,
who: were in filthy beds and In rags.
At another baby home two adults
were/found intoxicated ¦ arid the baby
inmates were poorly cared for.
Condition of Private Institutions
; i.-;lor Care of Infants.' U-
Health .- Inspectors Report Startling
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., June 2.— A
fight occurred at midnight in a res
taurant on Central street. As a re
sult one man is dead and two mor
tally wounded. Constable G. G. Gam
ble and T. W. McCarthy were eating
when Lum and Wash 'Miller, negroes,
tame into the place and asked for
something to eat.
McCarthy ordered the negroes to
wait until he and Gamble finished.
Shooting at once began. Lum was
shot by Gamble and killed, . but not
till he had shot Gamble in the abdo
men and in the leg. Wash Miller was
shot through the right arm and in
the chest by a negro named Cook,
who was trying to hit Constable Mc-
Carthy. The two wounded, men can
live but a few hours.
One Man Is Killed and Two Others
Receive Wounds That Cause
Their Deaths.
FATAL FIGHT BETWEEN
WHITE AND COLORED SIEN
FIND HOMES FOR BABIES
IN DEPLORABLE CONDITION
ended as it did. Budd came near going
to the hospital- with a broken jaw.
Tarpey is good with his right hand
and clever with both feet, if he isn't
ambidexterous." \
Murderer Is Electrocuted in Ohio.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, June 2. — Carl
Berg, sentenced to death for the mur
der of John Geuford at" Wauseon,
Ohio, in July, 1903, was electrocuted
in the annex at the Ohio penitentiary
at 12:05 a. m. ;.ft£L'.'
Church People Enjoy Concert.
A musical evening was enjoyed by
the members and friends of the Fourth
Congregational Church, Stockton ana
Green streets, last night. Every num
ber on the programme, whether vocal,
instrumental or orchestral, drew, forth
the heartiest applause, as did also the
admirable recitations of Miss Ethel
Cotton. The Occidental Male Quartet,
rendered its selections with excellent
judgment and Miss Tibbetts and. Miss
Hucks sang a serenade by Delibes de
lightfully. W. F. Christ and'Mr. ;Le
Noir sang the duet, "Guala," *and j the
Chinese Girls' Quartet was a feature.
NAPLES, June 2. — Professor
Schron, the discoverer of life in crys'
tals, gave a public -demonstration to
day that. he had found a new mi
crobe, which causes phthisis — a mi
crobe quite different from that caus
ing tuberculosis. Professor Schron
affirms that this discovery explains
why Dr. Koch's serum not only did
not cure phthisis, but aggravated it.
Professor Scliron, Who First Found
Life in Crystals, Gives an Impor
---.;> tant Demonstration.
DISCOVERS A 31ICROBE
WHICH CAUSES PHTHISIS
Not all of the teachers In San Fran
cisco nor half of them were present
last night In Steinway Hall at the re
ception given, by the San Francisco
Teachers' Club to the officers of the
School Department and other city of
ficials having duties concerning the
schools. The comparatively small at
tendance and .the lateness of those
who responded to the invitation in
arriving were the only things to mar
an otherwise most delightful affair.
The guests were cordially greeted
by A. L. Mann, president of the club,
and among the' notable educators in
attendance were State Superintendent
of Public Instruction Thomas J. Kirk,
Dr. Frederic Burk, president of the
San Francisco Normal School; City
Superintendent William H. Langdon,
Deputy City Superintendent A. E. Mc-
Curda and City Engineer Thomas D.
Woodward, former president of the
Board of Education. Others appeared
during the evening and with / the
teachers present and their friends en
joyed to the utmost the fine musical
programme rendered under the direc
tion of Miss Estelle Carpenter, super
visor of music In the city schools. v
The programme follows: "The Fairy
Love Song," Miss Viola Van Orden;
"Mazurka," Miss Isabelle Seal; "The
Swallows," Miss E. Vacoucellos; solo,
Mr. McCurda; "Flower Song" (Bevig
nani), Miss Daisy Cohn; violin solo,
Miss Isabelle Seal. ' ..
Oflicials of Educational Department
Pleasantly Entertained at
Steinway Hull.
Hackmen are to wait for the final
action of the Police Commission to
day regarding the issuance of licenses
to drivers. Thursday night is the
meeting time of the union, but as the
commission is to decide to-day what
shall be done in the Way of granting
pernqits no action was taken beyond
the order that all union , men and
union owners wear their colors.
, - The majority of the shoe workers
have decided to return to work. There
are a few who will stand out, but the
union has decided against them. Those
who fail to return to work .will be suc
ceeded by men named by the Interna
tional Union.
It looks now as if the troubles be
tween the leather workers and their
employers are about to 'terminate/
Open shop cards have been called off
and it appears as if there is to be a
mutual understanding. '. '
/All: questions between the teleg
raphers and. the Southern Pacific have
passed. An advance was granted the
men arid as that was the only conten
tentlon. there was. nothing' further to
do. Linernen who work for v the city
will be allowed time off for all over
time, but they will not get extra pay.
That question was settled at a meeting
of .the. Police and Fire •Commission
last night. - ; T*. -l
Leather Workers' Are to Go to Work
and Telegraphers Have De
,, mauds Granted.
RECEPTION TENDERED
BY TEACHERS' CLUB
IIACKMEN WAIT FOR RESULT
OF THE POLICE COMMISSION
NEW YORK, June 2. — The United
States Circuit Court of Appeals to-day
handed down a decision in favor of
the Government in the case of the
United Stales vs. Bartram Bros., Ben
jamin Howell & Co. and the American
Sugar Refining Company, holding that
sugar imported into this country was
assessable on a scale based on the
polariscopic test made in a tempera
ture of 25 degrees centigrade. The de
cision reversed the Circuit Court's rul
ing and sustained the opinion of the
Board of United States General Ap
praisers. In importance the case ranks
second to none in customs laws and
involves directly more than 10,000
protests of importers throughout the
country*
United States Circuit Court of Appeals
Reverses Lower Tribunal in the
Sugar Cases.
DECIDES IMPORTANT SUIT
IN FAVOR OF GOVERNMENT
BOULDER CREEK, June 2.— A fish
ing trip to the Big Basin nearly had a
tragic ending for two young men from
Oakland, Bowes and Gardiner,, plumb
ers In the employ of Fay & Co. Spend
ing Saturday night at Bloom's mill,
seven miles from Boulder Creek, they
started early Sunday morning for the
west fork of the Waddell, ¦ a stream
famous for fishing, under the directions
erf Guide Kohlberg. The fishing grounds
reached the guide was dismissed and
starting alone down the stream the
young men were lured farther away
from their starting point. As Gard
iner stated this evening, after filling
their baskets they wandered through
the dense forest, admiring the beauti
ful trees, and when it was time to re
turn took the wrong trail and were
hopelessly lost in the famous chalk
ridge country, where every gulch and
hill looks alike. Bowes, who is. of a
very nervous temperament, became
greatly alarmed. Crawling Into a hol
low log they sought to sleep, but
Bowes, in his excited state, grew worse
and by morning was delirious. Their
continued absence caused alarm and
several searching parties were sent out
from the mill. One of the parties, un
der the command of Walter Bloom,
found them same twelve miles from
the mill, exhausted and worn out. They
were placed upon stretcners and car
ried to the mill, Where medical at
tention was given them, and in a few
daj^s they will be able to return to
Oakland.
Two Oakland Residents Lose Their
Way In the Boulder Cifek Coun
try and Almost Perish.
FISHING TRIP .NEARLY
ENDS IN A TRAGEDY
RUSSIA'S KINCHOU LOSSES.
Thirty Officers and- Eight llundred
Men Killed or Wounded. '
ST. PETERSBURG, June 2.—A.seml»
offlcial telegram from Mukden, dated
to-day, says the Russian, losses at the
battle of Kirichovrfon May 26 were
thirty officers and 800 men killed or
wounded. The guns abandoned by the
Russians were first rendered useless.
According *to Information in pos
session of the'general staeff, the enemy
has five divisions and five reserve
corps, about 80,000 men, on the Liao
tung peninsula,', and at least seven di
visions and seven reserve corps, or
about 125,000 men, in Southern Man
churia. Although the impressio^ pre
vailed among the members of the' gen
eral staff that 'General Kuroki's pur
pose was to make, feints to prevent
General Kuropatkin moving, but -not
to attack him until the result of the
campaign against Port Arthur was de
termined, there is now apparently more
Inclination to believe he will try a
demonstration In force, which might
result in a decisive, engagement. The
Japanese commander is constantly
shifting his columns back and forth
to conceal his real purposes, the latest
reports received being that he has
again abandoned Saimatzsa, north of
Fengwangcheng.
¦ All the reports received at General
Kuropatkin's headquarters from the
Kwantung peninsula are increasing the
extent of the Japanese losses at Kin
chou, one to-day making the number
at about 20,000 men.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 2.— It can
be predicted safely that, the , Russian
squadron at Port Arthur will riot wait
until the last moment before going out.
The Admiralty seems to entertain no
fear, if the situation there becomes
desperate, that the squadron will be
caught like a rat in a trap.
Rear Admiral Wittsoeft's dispatch,
given out yesterday, gave assurances
NAVAL BATTLE PROMISED.
VLADIVOSTOK, June 2.— Letters
from the theater of war report that the
Russian raiders have succeeded in
penetrating as far as Gensan and also
south of Anju. They have destroyed
depots of Japanese supplies and cap
tured provision trains. Koreans are
fleeing to Manchuria to escape the
hardships of war. Chinese are moving
from Kwantung into Northern Man
churia in order to avoid living In terri
tory under Japanese control.
Destroy Supply Ships and Capture
Provision Trains.
RUSSIAN RAIDERS ACTIVE.
LOXDOX, June ¦ 3.— The Times'
steamer " Haimun returned to Chefu
yesterday from a cruise j in Kinchou
Bay. The correspondent aboard learn
ed from Port Arthur refugees tha*\ the
native and civilian population get only
such food as arrives on junks .from
Chinese ports . or what they . them
selves have secreted. The military su
thorities requisitioned all available
food. On half rations it Is estimated
that the garrison has enough for live
months. ._ ._ .....
The five damaged warships mooted
at the Port 'Arthur jetties, the corre-
Bpendent learns, have been denudpd of
everything movable. Gen
eral Stossel retains a large number of
junks in the roadstead. The objec; of
this measure can only be conjectured.
The correspondent says:
'"Eye-witnesses of the .battle of Kin
chou describe it as an unprecedented
military spectacle. Forty thousand
Japanese were massed behind the west
ern spur of Mount Samson, under
such small cover as was afforded by
the twin peaks. The trc-ops were with
in 2000 yards of the Russian worka.
There was so little room to deploy tor
attack /that battalions of Japanese
troops'* were obflged to stand in the
sea, waiting for the moment of at
tack, exposed to a veritable inferno
of fire from the Russian batteries. The
shells plowed into their masses.
"Meanwhile battery after battery of
Japanese guns went into action upon
the Chilishwaug and the Kauchiayan
flats and a sustained gunboat fire
played upon the Russian works. Their
lines were fringed with bursting pro
jectiles. About midday the energy of
the Russian defenders in the worka
in front of Mauchiaying village seemed
exhausted by the gunboat fire: Two
Japanese battalions appeared over the
saddle between the peaks and made a
desperate effort to carry the nearest
Russian works. At first the straggling
walls of Mauchiaying gave them some
cover and a moment's breathing space.
Then the gallant little infantrymen
crept again up the slopes toward the
Russian position. It was an impossible
task. As yet the defenders had not
been sufficiently shaken. An avalanche
of concentrated fire from infantry in
the trenches, machine-guns in the Rus
sian works and quick-firing field ar
tillery in the supporting defenses
struck the Japanese. They melted away
from the glacis like solder before the
flame of a blowpipe. A few, who
seemed to have charmed lives, strug
gled on until they reached the wire en
tanglements.
"It was in vain. Heroic effort was
wasted. Within fifteen minutes those
two battalions ceased to exist, except
as a .trail of mutilated bodies at the
foot/of the Russian glacis.
"Seeing the failure of this attack, the
gunboats and supporting artillery
concentrated the whole of their fire
upon the point where General Oku had
determined to drive home his wedge,
and by evening the works were prac
ticable for an assault by a general who
had such infantry as the Japanese and
Entire Battalions Are Destroyed to A Man by the Russian
Fire, but Others Spring Forward to the Attack
Until Foe's Lines Are Pierced.
oh this point. A portion, which was
made 'public, said that every ship ex
cept the Pobieda was now ready to go
to sea at a moment's notice and that
the channel was clear. He confirmed
the belief which existed here, that the
Japanese will continue their efforts to
block the channel before the decisive
moment to. storm the fortress on the
land side arrives, and has made plans
accordingly.
In the opinion of the most compe
tent military critics the land fortifica
tions must be breached t>ef ore a gen
eral assault can be risked and that is
not considered possible-in less than ten
weeks., . .
"Our putrols on May 31 had a skir
mish in Laolin Puss, ten miles south
of Siuyen, with a Japanese detach
ment composed of two companies of
infantry and a half squadron of cav
alry. We had one Cossack wounded.
"There is no change in the 1 situation
at Xewchwang or Kaichou."
'Quiet prevails in the direction of
Fengwangcheng. The town of Sai
matsza, which was evacuated by the
Japanese on May 31, has been reoc
cupied by our troops.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 2. — The
following telegram from General Ku
ropatkin to the Emperor, dated June
1, has been received:
SEOUL. Korea, June 2, 7:30 p. m. —
The Japanese Consul at Gensan re
ports a Russian advance on Koyuen,
twenty-two miles north of Gensan.
Their commissariat has arrived at
Pukchong.
"The i word was - given for £ a bayonet
attack. r Then the whole Japanese
front surged, forward and ;the moral
balance went ,over to ;the side of the
Japanese, the Russians retiring before
them." '¦ -"- .'.. * V t-
who was prepared to take the responsi
bility 6t Buch fearful losses.
of the PaJace grill when the ball opened
were representatives of^each political
party and of both factions of the Dem- •
ocratic party. Among those present,
* ere John C. Lynch. Collector of Inter
nal Revenue; ex-I-ieutenant Governor
William T. Jeter of Santa Cruz; Arthur
£5. Fisk, Postmaster of San Francisco;
George Hatfon. manager of Henry T.
Oxnard's Senatorial campaign; James
21. O'Brien,, leader of the Horse and
Cart wing of the Democracy; Jere T.
Jiurke of the Southern Pacific political
department: Louis. Rosenthal, savant
end philosopher; C. J. Hepgerty. law
partner of George A. Knight; Chartes
Wesley Reed and, last but not least,
the facile, the skillful, the "ambidex
trous" ex-Governor of California,
Janies Holiday Budd. Many were the
regrets that Gavin McNab was absent,
Tarpey irfigrht have passed by like the
Invite oh the other Eide of the alley if
•Jim" O'Brien, who had Just returned
from a weeke's outing, had not tfr
msrkPd. -You iire not going to give us ,
the Overlook, alike'."
Then Tarj«ey and Pudd clashed in aj
War of words. The air was full of
repartee— spicy. ; pointed repartee.
Kudd's mastery of the language of re
tort dazed his bold adversary.
'You are not my friend. Jim. or you |
wouldn't talk so much behind my
back." said Tarpey.
'I have been more of a friend to you,
Mfke. than jou have been to me."
"I will bet you $100," said Mike.
•i will bet you a thousand," retorted
Jim.
"That is more money than you could
borrow," returned Mike.
"Not if I handled the Hearst sack,"
retorted Jim.
.takpi:y gets his n#r heady.
"Don't Fay anything to me about |
Rack." snapped Tarpey, as he laid his j
left hand on Budd's shoulder and took '
position to swing with his ! right, j
O'Brien saw that bloodshed could only
be averted by prompt intervention and
he 'promptly intervened at the very in- |
Etant that the right hand of Budd was i
reaching for the malt bottle. Wesley j
Heed joined O'Brien in measures to j
Mill the conflict.
Many allusions spiced the contro
versy that cannot be placed before the
reading public except in a style of cir
cumlocution . or expurgation.
For instance, Tsrpey observed that
he- had never seen the footprints of
IJOdd's friendship in the" Hearst cam
paign, and the ex-Governor replied i
that this defect in ground ward vision i
was. due chiefly, to the peculiar at
titude of- the Tarpey nose during a
period immediately preceding the Santa
Cruz convention: Arthur Fisk, the
Postmaster, inclined to the opinion
that Budd's allusion was not mail
*able. The hottest shot of the encoun
ter was one fired by Budd at the
Hearst sack. As one of. the- non
combat*ive push remarked: "That was
the blow that almost killed mother."
All afternoon- in .the couft of the
Palace and thereabouts the clash was
discussed. It was the general opinion
that another w.ord or two would have
precipitated a free-for-all fight of
large dimensions' The Budd adherents
•said: "A fight would have resulted In a. \
.tall for the Coroner, as the Governor '
had a revolver and a knife, in addi
tion to the ready, seize-me-quick malt
bottle."
"Budd would have gone to the "hospi- ,
tal if Tarpey's powerful right had been
ewung," replied th« supporters of the
Hearst leader at Santa Cruz, "and
Tarpey was r.eady.to swing it."
TWO VIKWS OF THE SCRAP.
"Tarpey was the aggressor," said the
Budd sympathizers. "He opened the
attack, but he did not frighten Budd.
Did you ever see a man cooJer than
Budd. He never lost his temper, but
wasn't he sarcastic and nervy? Well,
you it.n(rvf he never runs away. He
stood his ground when Jimmy Mekiris
promised to come over from San. Ra
fael and kill him at high noon."
"Tarpey will not stand for all sort*
of misrepresentation," remarked the
adherents of Mike. "He was compelled
to bear the brunt o'f the battle at Santa
Cruz and his enemies are trying to
Five Jim O'Brien the glory of the vic
tory for instruction. Of, course Budd
vas for Hearst, but he was jealous of
Tarpey and never came near Santa
Cruz. If would have pleased him had
Hearrt lost with Tarpey as a leader.
Budd has been talking a good deal and
doing nothing. He says Tarpey butch
ered the Hearst -fleht by not putting up
a fight agaipst McNab In the San Fran
cisco primary election. Why does Budd
pretend to be a friend of Hearst and
then kfep out of sight -when Hearst
needs his help? It is because his Jeal
ousy* f.f Tarpey is greater than his
friendship for- Hearst. It is hicky for
'Jim' Bufld that the circus to-day
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
General Is Forced to Act
Against His Better
Judgment.- )
IN YEAR OF INVASION
Sultan's Subjects Believe
Attempt Will Be Made
to Seize Their Country
The natives are greatly excited by
the arrival of so many foreign war
ships. They call all rorergners '.'Rou
mls," meaning infldels, and they fear
the "Roumis" are about to majte a
united effort to drive out those Who
are of the Mohammedan faith.
Rear Admiral Jewell and United
States Consul General Gummere visited
the representatives of the Sultan, Mo
hammed El Torres, at noon and were
saluted by the town battery. Moham
med returned the visit to the Consul
ate, the flagship Olympia firing a salute
in his honor.
TANGIER, Morocco, June 2.— The
Italian third-class cruiser Dogali ar
rived here to-day.
A delegation of chiefs of the Angerra
tribe has left, here to make a personal
appeal to> Raissouli, the oandit chief,
16 release "Perdlcarla and Varley, "In
order to prevent the debarkation and
permanent occupation of Morocco by
foreigners opposing the Moslem faith
and the expulsion of native Moham
medans."
This mission Is considered important,
as the Mohammedan chiefs unite in
appealing to Raissouli not to endanger
their religious supremacy in Morocco.
The French Government relies much
upon the appeal to Mohammedan sen
timent.
Prince Dolgorouky May Be Exiled.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 2.— Foreign
Minister Lamsdorff refuses to make a
complaint against Prince Dolgorouky,
PARIS, June 3.— The correspondent
of the Echo de Paris at St. Petersburg
telegraphs:
"Viceroy Alexieff and General Kuro
patkin having asked the Emperor to
settle their,, dispute, his Majesty sum
moned 7 a council of war, Including Min
ister of War Sakharoff, Marine Minis
ter Avellan and Minister of the Interior
Plehwe. The council debated for sev
eral hours at Tsarskoe-Selo.
"I have reason to believe that the
necessity of preserving the naval base
at Port Arthur, and the lost prestige
that the fall of Port Arthur would en
tail were the arguments that prevailed
in the council. General Kuropatkin
therefore has been advised to attempt
to relieve the fortress, but to act with
the greatest prudence. A general whom
I Interviewed on the subject of the
council said: 'If Kuropatkin is weak
enough to advance he will commit a
serious blunder. The number of his
troops is insufficient and the conditions
under which he would act would be un
favorable. He might meet an almost
irreparable reverse and Port Arthur
be further from relief than ever. If we
try to relieve Port Arthur we will be
doing exactly what the Japanese
hope.' "
who committed a personal assault on
the Minister on Monday evening. The
Prince is still under arrest. If the
medical authorities decide that his
mental derangement is not sufficient
to warrant his incarceration in an asy
lum he probably will be forbidden to
live in St. Petersburg.
McCormick May Take a Rest.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 2.—Spen
cer F. Eddy, secretary of the United
States Embassy, has gone to Paris on
a three weeks' visit to his mother, who
recently recovered from a severe ill-j
ness. Shortly after his return, if * the
conditions permit, Embassador Mc-
Cormick and Mrs. McCormlck will go
to Carlsbad for a month's sojourn.
STOCKTON. June 2. — Charles Wagner, a
bicycle thief, and Charles Johnson, who passed
a forged check for a small amount, were given
tlire* and four years, respectively. In San
Qucntln to-day, after peladlngr guilty.
Slav Troops Eeoccupy the
31anchuriaii Town of
Saimatsza. ,
Russian Force Nears Gensan,
the Japanese Base in
East Korea.
Alexieff Succeeds in Com
pelling Kuropatkin to
Advance.
Chiefs Are Sent to Urge
the Bandit Eaissouli to
Release His Prisoners
Tarpey and Budd
of Hearst Forces
Clash at Palace
EYE-WITNESSES DESCRIBE AWFUL SLAUGHTER
OF JAPANESE PRECEDING CAPTURE OF KINCHOU
SHIPS OF WAR
ALARM MOORS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 3, 1904.
2
STEEL SCISSORS - :
FREE TO CLASSIFIED
j-J! ADVERTISERS. r - • /
IX SUNDAY EDITION*. . ' \
Like Onr Circulation, The&e >
Premiums Are High-Class.' &J
The SUNDAY CALL. lias. '<Wrer
85,000 circulation,* - ''principally'
in the homes; ii ' QUANTITY
and QUALITY that ASSURES
ACTUAL RESULTS.
Gifts civen to-day for Sunday
WANT Al)S.
ADVZraTISESOENTa.
Chas. Keiius & Co.
E x cT- \ u s i v e
High-Grade Clothiers
No Branch Etorei. No Agent*.
THE SET AND DRAPE OP
OUR SUMMER CREATIONS
ARE C0N.SIDERED BY
CORRECT, SMART DRESSERS
TO BE JUST THE THING,
PRECISENESS, Y0U-KN.0W,
WITH CLEVER TAILORING.
K. e a r n y S.t r e_e t
Thu.r.lo w Block
ADVERTISEMENTS. __'__
ty v» it i ' -J- 4-* l* e% .•"¦"¦"* — ~"*.""r"T—"**-».
of boys' wash suits at prices that ¦¦ y^^^^^^^&
will sell every suit wve have in short '^^^^^^^p^
You had better buy quickly in '^^^^^^^^^W
order to procure some suits in the i^^^sl^^^^
see the suits you will buy at least '
three- garments. ., • /p%M &^^: ::^^$^^
; School ends next week. Here is a h^^S^^^'^W^^^'
good chance to buy the boy his vaca-
If you are busy send the boy him- 'f^^^^S^^^^^-
self— we will treat him right.. Money . i-^^W^
refunded on any purchase not satis- -^^' XiV^^^^K^^
We have marked the suits at thr-ee
Each garment bas been reduced WB Ife^^ ¦
just as we claim. At these prices ||| \ |j|pi||f
you can readily save enough to buy . Mm \ |p^^
the boy his hat and shirt waists. ?88 i roSj^
Wash suits in galatea, duck and -~^**^&$ \ i|||
crash for boys from 3 to 12 years, in "~~~" l ~ ~yffi \ WM
sailor and a few Russian blouse styles, |j| 1 J||
$lIj,8u7Ynd$°1.00,°a r re reduced to IlL.
§6, and sailors in absolutely fast
colors, ages 3 to 12 years, former-
ly $2.25, $1.85 and $1.75, are now
lKfe^/iiP|^P These comprise the swellest
fS^i^vV^^l^li suits you could wish for. Russian
liiio mSi^^^^ blouse s^ its in a s es 2y > to 6 y ears »
0W~ [w^WW^^ ' sallor suits in a 2 es ? t0 14 years '
l&vmW 'LkMIw^^M pretty garments which we have
WM been selling for $3.50, $3.25, $3.00,
WWr I w "^^^w ' $2 ' 7S and mo * now reduced t0
stf^lfiuoeJ A- WW ilWvVMiW ' A^^ti— Khaki suits, made of -genuine khaki ma-
> n ill^ w^^m^^^^^^ terial> ages - 3 to I7 years^ coats with belt
W> *• ''Wi I Will vi wll Covert suits for little fellows from 4. to- 8.
1 1 1\ I pll %mMf|§ ~ years, made of good material with remov-
§3 girls and young ladies, 90c, $130 and
ffiW vili Boys' crash hats, 45c and 50c
W*ff lUfl •" • Ma ' 1 ord * r9 fllled for an 1 of tf>ei9 S»ods. Writ* to-day.¦ Judge Hebbard yesterday gave Miss
Dora Eckert of Sea View judgment
for $384 against the Martin Delivery
Company. The company lost a trunk
belonging to the plaintiff last Decem
ber while she was visiting friends at
3018 Sacramento street. The trunk
contained wearing apparel.
Recovers Value of Clothes.
WASHINGTON, June 2. — Willard
H. Meyers, general bookkeeper in the
banking department of the . National
Safe Deposit, Savings and Trust Com
pany of this city, has disappeared. Tie
is alleged to have misappropriated
$17,500. Meyers has been a trusted
employe for twenty-three years.
* Bookkeeper and Coin Missing.
WASHINGTON/ D. C. June 2.-^-
The following Californians registered
at the hotels here to-day. At the
New Willard— N. C. Ray and wife and
C. C. C. Donnelley and wife, of San
Francisco. At the Raleigh— Miss J.
Heim. Mrs. Ephraim Simon and Miss
Blanche Simon, of San Francisco.
Callfornians in Washington.
Minna Harris is the defendant in a
suit involving the title to a' Panama
coffee plantation. The suit was filed
yesterday by the El Monte Verde Cof
fee Company. The plaintiff alleges
that the defendant refuses to
convey the plantation to it, notwith
standing that when it was deeded to
her in 1896 by Henry it was
with the understanding that upon de
mand she should transfer the property
to any person or corporation named
by him. It is alleged that she is about
to 6ell the property and the court is
asked to restrain her from doing so
and^to compel her to deed the plantar
tioil to the plaintiff.
Sues Woman for Plantation.
th.e second cable connecting Germany
and America vas completed during
the night.
I^ast Section of the Second Wire Con
necting Germany and the United
States Is Successfully Laid.
NORDENHAM, Oldenburg. Ger
many, June 2. — The last section of
ANOTHER CABLE LINE
STRETCHES ACROSS OCEAN
NEW HAVEN, Conn., June 2. —
Douglas M. Smith, paying teller in the
National Tradesmen's Bank of this
city, was arrested* to-day, charged
with being a defaulter. He is said to
have confessed a shortage of between
$22,000 and $30,000. The warrant on
which Smith was arrested places the
amount alleged to have been taken at
$60,000.
Books of the Concern Place the
Amount of His Peculations at
Sixty Thousand Dollars.
BAXK TELLER ADMITS
A HEAVY SHORTAGE
In a cross-complaint filed yesterday
in, the United States Circuit Court by
Charles Ernest Skidmore and Martha
Gitthens Skidmore, his wife, A. B.
Smith and M. G. Lytton of this city
are accused of misrepresentation In
the matter of the sale to the Skid
mores of the business and chattels of
the Hotel Redondo at 637 Post street.
The cross-complaint recites that Smith
and Lytton represented that the hotel
was frequented by reputable people for
reputable purposes; that the net in
come was $600 per month; that the
owner of the realty would consent to
the assignment of the lease and that
Lytton had a contract whereby elec
tricity would be supplied at the rate
of 3 cents per kilowatt. All of these
representations are declared to be
false. ;
Complainants ask for the return of
$3500 cash paid by them; for the can
cellation of notes for $8500 and for
$20,000 damages. .//-¦
Charged With Misrepresentation- by
the Skidmores, Who Purchased the
Hotel Redondo Business.
SMITH AND LYTTON*
SUED FOR DAMAGES
"WASHINGTON, June 2.— Following
are advances In salaries of Oregon
postmasters announced to-day: In« F
dependence, $1200 to $1300; L».
Grande, $2000 to $2100; Marshfleld,
$1600 to $1700; Mount Angel. $1100 to
$1200; Ontario, $1200 to $1400;
Roseburg, $1900 to $2000; Silverton,
$1200 to $1400; Sumpter, $1900 to
$2000; Woodburn. $1000 to $1200. j
ceive Benefits of Increase in
Business.
Nine Towns of Neighboring State Re-
SALARIES OF OREGON*
POSTMASTERS RAISED
PRETTY 1TAMAN GIRL. WHO DIED
MYSTERIOUSLY AND HER RE
PUTED HUSBAND.
called and administered the medicines
he deemed requisite. In the morning
Bhe' was a corpse. Dr. Johnson Is posi
tive the prescription was filled accord
ing to formula, and yesterday he tested
the contents of the bottle, sent in com
pliance with his order. •
Caldarella called upon- Dr. Johnson
and informed him that the woman was
dead. He asked that a death certifi
cate be issued. The doctor declined
and told Caldarella that such a death
was a subject for the Coroner and It
would be necessary to report the case.
DISPUTE ABOUT FUNERAL.
That action was taken by the phy
sician, but in the meantime Michael
quarreled with his father as to the way
the funeral of- the girl should be con
ducted. Mrs. Caldarella, the mother of
Michael, had died a few months prev
ious and had had an expensive burial,
including a headstone, and Michael
wanted the 'same for Maria. Michael
did not have the ready money and
when his father said he could not stand
for any such interment Michael be
came hostile and said he would go
away. He kept his word and did not
Caterpillars March on Taconia.
TACOMA. Wash.. June 2.— All effort*
to stop the . tremendous advance of
tent caterpillars through Tacoma a^id
the suburbs have proven fruitless. The
Insects first appeared in the north end.
Within three days they have spread all
over Tacoma. i
GUARDIAN* OF YOSEMITE
TENDERS RESIGNATION
Commissioners in Session In the Valley
• Grant Application of John
Stevens.
TOSEMITE, June 2.— At the meeting
of the Board of Yosemite Commis
sioner?' to-day the present guardian.
John F. Stevens, presented his resig
nation. It was accepted to date from
September 1. His successor was not
appointed. The most Important im
provement ordered i3 the building of
a trail from Eagle Peak to the top of
El Capltan and on to Gentry's.
SEATTLE. June 2.— Mrs. Gertrude
Robb shot and fatally wounded George
Joye on the Coleman dock here this
afternoon. She fired five shots at
Joye. striking him four times. Two
of the bullets entered his back and
two the abdomen. She gave herself
up to a policeman immediately- after
the shooting. .
Joye is said by Mrs. Robb to be the
betrayer of her sixteen-year-old daugh
ter.
Fi\ e Shots on a
Wharf.
3Irs. Gertrude Robb of Seattle Fires
BULLETS FROM WOMAN*
WILIi COST MAN'S LIFE
The $135,000 estate of Dyson D.
Wass, a contracting electrician, is the
subject of a contest in Judge Muras
ky's court. It is alleged by Mrs. Isa
bella Strachan. a woman who lived
with Wass for a number of years and
who says she was his common law
wife, that the property is hers. The
claim is opposed by a number of cous
ins of the deceased and by Attorney
Darwin de Golia, on behalf of Fred
Wass, an incompetent brother of the
deceased. Mrs. Strachan hopes to
prove that she had been acknowleged
by Wass as the wife prior to 1896, the
year in which was passed the law de
claring common law marriages null
and void.
She was a witness on her own be
half yesterday and testified that she
lived with Wass from 1893 to 1900,
and that during that time he in
troduced her to many people as his
wife. She said she had been a dress
maker at 471 Valencia street prior to
the time she moved to 307 Stelner
street with Wass. She also testified
that prior to Wass' death. May 14,
and as early as 1S93 she had in the
presence of Wass told many people
she was his wife. She admitted, how
ever, that she had never been known
to any of her relatives as Wass* wife
and that he had never Introduced her
to any of his relatives as his wife. .
A number of friends of Mrs. stra
chan testified that she had been
known to them as Wass' wife.
Isabella Strachan Claims She Was the
Common Ijiw "vYIfe of Wealthy
Electrician.
! WOMAN CLAIMS ESTATE
I LEFT BY CONTRx\CTOR WASS
SI/IT FOR INFRINGEMENT.— la the Unit
ed £-t»te« Circalt Court suit wax eorcrnencM
."¦•t^rday against the Standard Gaa Engine
O-rap*ny by the Union Ufa EntfSe Company
fcr aa infrtcr«>3ent of th<? Union Gaa Com
par>> vaporizer paienTs. On account of the
a'ifSfxl infiinsrnent the Union Gas Ecjir.e
« .¦nrnraay ask* for aa Injunction and flur.apes
r.ga.:r.tr ;he Standard cempany.
SANTA BARBARA, June 2.— All
available craft in the waters of this
section of the coast are engaged In
searching for the Gaviota wharf, which
was washed away during the heavy
windstorm Wednesday afternoon, and
which drifted to sea with the tide.
When last seen the huge body of piles
and planking wa"s drifting rapidly
across the Santa Barbara Channel
in the direction of Santa Rosa Island.
The floating wharf caused much
anxiety among navigators of coast
wise vessels, and it is reported that a
fast tugboat from San Francisco has
been sent out in search of the queer
derelict.
fornia Coast Cannot l-ind
I>erelict.
Seagoing Folk, on the Southern Cali-
SEARCH FOR A WHARF
THAT ESCAPED IS FUTILE
All the evidence obtainable was sub
mitted at the Coroner's inquest held
yesterday, but neither the neighbors,
represented by Mr. and Mrs. Stoss, nor
the family, by Louis Caldarella and
Victor Orlando, a brother-in-law, could
give any facts explaining the deatfT of
the young woman. Detective Coleman
of the Police Department was on the
case, but his report was just as vague
as the other witnesses. The entire sub
ject was In such a condition that Cor
oner Leland decided to indefinitely
postpone the final hearing. As soon as
the Police Department has anything
in the way of testimony to show that
Maria secured poison on her own ac
count or that Michael gave it to her,
the case will be reopened and the mys
tery further investigated.
FACTS AT INQUEST.
When Dr. Johnson referred the mat
tor to the Coroner, Dr. Bacigalupi per
formed the autopsy. He found nothing
which would indicate poison, but as
the case had been so peculiar, he sent
the stomach of the deceased to Dr.
Bothe. the City Chemist, and that offi
cial found enough arsenic to destroy
the lives of many. Whether Maria re
alized that she was not the lawful wife
ef either Spiro or Michael and 'deliber
ately took poison the police are unable
to determine, but In the meantime they
are 4ooking for Michael and the man
who sold the deadly drug.
even attend the funeral of his supposed
wife. Arsenic . was found in her re
mains and now the police want -to know
more than they do as to Michael's sud
den leaving.
Captain Leonard D. Wildman is
relieved from duty in the office of the
chief signal officer of the army, to
take effect July 1, and will then pro
ceed to Alaska for the purpose of in
stalling the signal corps system of
wireless telegraphy. Captain Wild
man will take the station at Nome to
install a wireless telegraphy system
across Norton Sound.
. - /
Captain Eugene O. Fachet is re-
Jieved from duty as signal officer of
the Department of Texas, to take ef
fect July 1, and will then proceed to
Benicia Barracks.
Postmaster General Issnes a Fraud
Order Against the Devol Medicine
Company of San Francisco.
WASHINGTON. D. C. June 2.—
Changes, fourth class postmasters:
California — Agua Caliente, Sonoma
County, Theodore Richards, vice Al
bert Geiselman, removed: Leesville,
Colusa County. Jay J. Clark, vice
Thomas E. Stockford! resigned; Pine
Flat. Sonoma County. Charles A.
Grimmer, vice Mattie Grimmer, re
signed.
The salary of the postmaster at
Arroyo Grande is advanced to $1200
per annum.*
Harry C. Pease is appointed a mem
ber of the Civil Service Board for the
postoffice at San Bernardino.
The Postmaster General has issued
a ' fraud order against the ? Devol
Medicine Company of San Francisco. |
Captain Houston V. Evans is trans- j
ferred from the Thirteenth to the
Eighth Infantry. He will remain on
duty with the Thirteenth Infantry un
til the companies of the Eighth now
serving in Alaska will arrive at San
Francisco, when he will report to the
commanding officer of those compa
nies for assignment to duty.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC « COAST
STOCKTON. June 2.— The conveying
of the non-union mill and warehouse
employes in carryalls to their suppers
at the Occidental Hotel last evening
was the occasion for a rather exciting'
scene. Fully 1000 men. women and
children gathered about the hotel, and
there was frequent use of the word
"scab" on the part of some of the
women. The crowd was so dense that
the police were compelled to open
lane through the mass of people that
the carryalls might approach the
hotel. There was no demonstration
against the non-union men.
Stockton Police Compelled to Make a-
Lane for Passage of Xon-
Unlon Men.
VAST CROWD GATHERS
WHEX EMPLOYES EAT
UNIDENTIFIED MAN. In the
pocket of the unidentified man was a
key ring with the name George Judd
Taylor, Alliance, Ohio.
Seriously injured: Steve Watergo,
body crushed, terribly cut about head;
Frank Libling. Cleveland, head badly
cut; Rose Burns, Cleveland, head bad
ly cut, teeth knocked out; M. McDon
ald, Cleveland, internal injuries, left
side badly crushed; Mrs. W. R. En
sign/ Toledo, leg broken"; George
Strugein. motorman on package car,
badly crushed. *
The, accident occurred at a point
quite distant from, any immediate
means of communication and assist
ance was sent from Norwalk. Every
physician and nurse in the city was
hurried to the place. When the Injured
had been attended to they were
brought to this city. All of those killed
were in the smoking compartment of
the passenger car.
The cars were the suburban elec
tric cars of the largest type and were
smashed to pieces. They met in col
lision at fuH speed.
NORWALK, Ohio, June 2.— Six per
sons were killed /and a dozen or more
injured late this evening in a collision
on the Lake Shore Electric Railroad
between an eastbound fast electric pas
senger car and a we3tbound "package
freight" car at Wells Corners, a few
miles east of this city. The dead:
CHARLES PECK. Lorain, Ohio.
W. W. SHERWOOD, Garretson.
Ohio.
NEIL SULLIVAN, Blnghamton,
N. T.
CLARENCE KETCHAM, Lorain.
.Ohio.
RALPH WILLIAMS (colored), In
dianapolis.
OMAHA, June 2.— A Newfoundland
dog taken tc Portland, Oregon, a year
ago has returned "to Omaha, having
tramped the 1800 miles in search of fa
miliar Bcenes and faces. The animal
belonged to Jerry Sullivan, formerly
sexton of Holy Sepulchre Cemetery
here. When Sullivan and his family
moved, to Oregon, the dog. which was
ten months old. was taken along. He
remained six months, but refused to
eat. lost all his playfulness and seemed
to suffer frcm homesickness. One day
he disappeared. Nothing more was
heard of him until a short time ago.
when he appeared in Omaha.
Gaunt and shaggy, with cockle burrs
matted in his tail, his feet badly blis
tered. It was evident that the dog had
covered at least a large part of the
long journey on foot. Some kind friend
had bound his two fore .feet with rags.
Over the rags was a piece of leather
cut from a boot top and each piece of
leather was worn through.
When he reached Omaha the animal
went straight to the house where his
master had lived. Finding strangers
there he whined dismally and soon
limped sadly away. He Is being cared
for by a neighbor, but refuses to be
fully comforted. The owner is in Port
land and has been communicated with.
Sp«clal Dispatch to The Call
NEW YORK. June 2.— In an article
j under the caption "The Injustice of
i Vacations," the Independent quotes
i Russell Sage to the effect that he
! never has taken a vacation in his life;
: that the "vacation habit is the out
! growth of abnormal or distorted busi
i ness methods and that a man is less
' fitted to do good work for his employer
j after two weeks rest each year than
j he was before.
"When I was a boy." said the vet
j eran financier, "the practice was not
j in vogue. During the eighty-three
j years of my career I have not once
; taken a vacation. Aa a matter of fact
j I was so glad to get a chance to learn
! the business that the Idea of asking
j my employer to make me a present
I of two weeks of the time that belonged
to him would have been preposterous.
j Besides, I was eager to advance In
i business.
"Is it not absurd to suppose that
j a man can in two weeks recuperate
I from the wear and tear of a years
j work? On the contrary, I have too
often observed that men will, while
on their vacations, make inroads upon
their vitality and purses that cannot
be repaired in the following eleven
months and two weeks.
"A man should work 'easy,' be eco
nomical of his time, conserve his
forces and not worry. It's worry and
not work that makes the hair gray.
If I had a thousand tongues I'd preach
'save time* with them all. It's in
finitely more valuable than money."
NEW HAVEN. Conn.. June 2.— A loss
of 530,000 to $60,000. through embezzle
ment of its funds by a trusted em
ploye. Douglass IS. Smith, is admitted
by the officers of the National Trades
men's Bank of this city. The exact loss
Is cot yet known. Smith, who was pay
ing, and receiving teller of the bank,
hes acknowledged that he embezzled
Ebout JO.OQO, and the greater part of
it, if not all, within the past eight or
sire months.
A statement given out to-night by
Cashier H. "W. Simpson of the bank
says;
"The examination, by the national
examiner was held last December and
that by the comrnitte of the directors
shortly afterward, to neither exami
nation vraa any discrepancy in the ac
counts of "Mr. Smith discovered. When
it was decided to have another exami
nation on Tuesday last Smith did not
come to the bank. He sent a. message
saying that "he had been taking money i
from the bark and that he was not j
able to cover It .cp.
"As nearly as we can make out by
the examination thus far made we be
lieve.that he has taken about $30,000.
That is the sum which he himself esti
mates. . He was under bonds for $13,
000. given "by an indemnity company.
As Smith says he has not saved a pen
ny during his lifetime and cannot
make good the loss, we shall have to
stand the balance of the defalcation
above the $15,000 in bond.
"Mr. Smith says he has been specu
lating and that he took the money for
that purpose. The bank is safe and
Bang, There is no danger to either our
depositors or our stockholderc."
Smith was arrested and held in $15,
000 bail for examination on June 11.
it was stated" to-night after a later
investigation, into the bank's accounts
that Smith's shortage would reach al
most $70.000.. "
Maria waited and Splro came back,
but one month ago he again departed.
Maria could not speak English, but
she saw how others of her class were
doing, and cast her blue eyes upon
Micael Angelo Caldarella. Michael
was smitten and at once took to him
self Maria. One happy month in the
home established at 203 Ritch street was
all there was in store for the two.
Maria was stflcken on the night of May
21. Dr. Johnson of 551 Third street was
MARIA WAITED.
Maria Caldarella, a pretty Italian
girl, is dead and buried, but her death
and burial are subjects for police inves
tigation. Maria died under peculiar
circumstances on May 21, and before
her body could be interred the formal
ity of the' certificate had to be attended
to. Signatures were necessary to the
application for the burial permit, but
before they were forthcoming there was
a quarrel between the supposed hus
band of the deceased and his father.
There was a dispute over her burial.
Later developments show that there
was arsenic in her stomach and that
she would have been a mother within a
few months. "Whether this fact was an
incentive to suicide or a cause for mur
der is what the police are trying to
learn. The case was heard by the Cor
oner yesterday and indefinitely post
poned.
Two years ago Maria was lured from
per home by Spiro Liotto, a young man
who she believed had great possessions
in the United States. Maria accompa
nied him to the city of Boston. For
many months she held the position to
which she considered herself entitled,
and even came to San Francisco with
the man she supposed was her hus
band. After coming to San Francisco
Liotto left his "wife" in the care of
friends while he proceeded to the Alas
kan fisheries to gather to himself more
"possessions."
Sends Note Revealing Pecu
lations When He Learns
' Books Are to Be Examined
Accident Occurs at a Point
.Where It Was Difficult
to Secure Medical Help
Veteran Financier Declares
It Is Worry and Not Work
That Makes Hair Gray
HAS A BOUGH JOUBXEY
Arrives Gaunt and Footsore,
Only to Find Strangers
Where 3Iast'er Had Lived
LOSES IX
Question of Funeral
Causes Companion
to Disappear.
GOING AT FULL SPEED
I COXSEKYIXG HIS FOECES
SPECULATION
Wearies of Life in Portland
and Walks Back to His
Former Home in Omaha
Electric Car Filled With
Passengers and a Freight
Come Together in the Dark
Employe of a New Haven
Financial House Confesses
Embezzlement of $30,000
Bussell Sage Believes That a
Two Weeks' Best Unfits a
Man for Doing* Good Work
Pretty Italian Girl Falls
a Victim to Fatal
Drugs.
CANINE CROSSES
ROCKIES AFOOT
SIX ARE KILLED
IN A COLLISION
PAYING TELLER
ROBS A BANK
NOT IN FAVOR
OF VACATIONS
MYSTERY SHROUDS CASE OF WOMAN
WHO DIES FROM ARSENIC POISONING
THE SAN FRANCISCO ,CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 3, 1904.
3
<<^-* JohesBrosBlofT +\
1049 JtARXET STREET.
Opposite Jones and McAllister.
Speci&la for Friday and S&turdfty:
Extra Fine CREAMERY BUTTER..
.'» JICH*
Rip* Manzar.illa OLIVES. ".Wot l*(U»
:0-!b. sack GRAHAM FLOtrR. . .'jr»c
10-:b. sack YELLOW CORN MEAL..
.5 Q-'b. >su:k B~st Family fL6uR..*»Hc
4 lbs. Best GLOSS STARCH ;;."»<•
4-lb. ran of MOCHA AND JAVA
COFFEE. r*sr $1.40. special ... K.-Jc
.13 lbs. Good Santa Clara PRUNES..
?, larpe bottles REEDS i CATSUP •»Kr
.'a-pal. bottle CHOW CHOW 1 r,o
OSWEGO SUGAR CORN, extra qual-
ity ] <) e
100 Extra Fin* California CREAM
CHEESES, per !b lOe
Owing to the large increase in our
mail-order business we are obliged to
enlarge our department for mailing
and chipping. Don't forget to send
for cne of -our Price Lists and save
yourself money. Goods shipped free
within 300 miJes of San Francisco
Our motto: Good goods and full
weight.
[My T>fi^^l;^O j
¦ The regular price of these Ra-
zors j? S2.00. I have a complete
line cf STAR SAFETY RAZORS
ia sets up to 8215.00. - . ,
OTHER RAZORS as low as !
SI. OO. Every one guaranteed. !
High-grade.- makes.
POCKET KNIVES, that you 1
can depend on, for ?l'«O0 and cp. I
SCISSORS as low as 23c.
Two bars of Williams' ioc Shav- j
ing Soap 15c |
Mail Orders Promptly Filled.
THAT MAIM PITTS |
F. W. PITTS, the Stationer.
1008 Markft Street, above Powell.
San Franclfeco.
-i
#% B H E3 Vfc Outfits. Guns. Arr.ro jr.!- {
¦ f E »f *3 By <•'¦**.*. Tert? and Gu.-i« to
• *. "wl Kearnjr rtl. S. V.
California mustard h
strength but lacks flavo-
Trieste has flavor but lac!:
strength. Schilling's Best u,
the two .mbied, nothing elsr
no 'color. The next - be
mustard sold hefe is weak bu '
hai t^ooc! flavor..
Your"*grocer's ; moneyback .
ADVERTISEMENTS. '" ! '
¦¦ ¦¦ ¦ ' .,¦¦...,¦¦ ..,., ., »... , ..,. ,. .... . . . . 1 . . . ... ...I... in 1
0\ R.eady-to-Wear Summer
,^^^^p^ Suits for $8.50
/^^^:- .^X%^^^&^0^^^^T\ If you want a light summer suit for a few months* wear you may
W& >^ :^^^M^^^^^^Mw& i~- no - care *-° P a y ver y muc^ mone y f° r it-
1jL f/SW*' ft^^^K^^^rt^" You want, of course, a suit that will fit and look well, but the
\^f^'\ l |^^^^S^^:X®9"i That's just the'kind of a suit we can give you. We have them
livftt ln gun meta! and steel sray ' browri mixtures, black cheviots and blue
lU /i serges. The garments are cut with single or double breasted coats,
as you wish. We have put into them style, careful tailoring and good
v'^^S^^"- materials. The price to you is $8.50.
$f ifi^W^^^^^^^^^ Any other dealer, will have to pay the wholesaler or manufac-
W Im W"WSHBBB$ turer atleasr * a5 ° for suits like them and then sell ' them for$1250.
If II j^L.-^^^p^^g^^p • We make these suits in our own workshops and that's why we
'M^y^'J^^^B^^S^^ can seI1 vou a suit for one " tnird less tnan anv other store in town.
J S "'^^^\^^P^bBS acts are facts ' an(^ we are reac -y to' back up our statements with.
Vjy/| I I^^^S^^^S tn - merchandise. And we back up the merchandise with our mo.ney-
)^\^%l>' !^T To P coats for summer wear— light and comfortable, stylish and
/ >S^^\&^^^^^^^^ dressy. We have them in several shades of tan and olive- and the
I /I I \ \\ 1 Striped worsted trousers to tone up your worn coat and vest
~""^ -^0^-/**^ |^^^___, Mail orders filled for any of these gooas. Write us to-day.BALTIMORE. June 2. — Jesse B.
Baker, a bookkeeper, formerly em
ployed by the National Howard Bank
of this city, .was arrested here to-day,
charged, with embezzlement. He ad
mitted that there was' a shortage in
his accounts of between $10,000 and
212.000.
Bookkeeper Kobs Ills Employers.
Plan to Revise the Liturgy Falls.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., June 2>-
Reports to-day to the General Synod
of the Reformed Church showMhat
the 1903 plan for the revision of the
liturgy has failed. * , I
Alleged Anarchist Is of. Unsound Mind.
CHICAGO, June 2. — Abel Gablniska,
under arrest as an anarchistic plotter,
with designs against the lives of
Mayor Harrison, Honore Palmer and
other notables, . was ; to-day, declared
by Police- Inspector Shlppy to be
merely a half -crazed Junk dealer from
St Louis. He will lje sent to the.De
tention Hospital for mental examina
tion.
Incorporation of Park Company.
SANTA CRUZ, June 2. — The Capl
tola Park Company, with a capital
stock of $50,000. has filed articles of
incorporation. The directors are:
James M. Stow, Walnut Creek; J. W.
Forgeus, Santa Cruz; Albert Lach
man, Robert Frick and James H. Bpr
land, San Francisco.
NEW YORK, • June 2. — Recorder
Goff has sentenced John Crane : and
Arthur Nagle to nine years and. six
months In prison for stealing 30 cents.
The men are ex-ebnvicts, it is said,
and were found guilty of holding up a
woman on Thirty-third street.. The
fact that her purse, which .they
snatched, was nearly empty did not
lessen their crime In the eyes of the
court.
Summer, School Mining Students.
GEORGETOWN, Colo., June 2. —
Announcement was made to-day that
the joint Summer School of Mining of
Columbia University of New York, the
Boston Institute of Technology, the
Lawrence Scientific School of Harvard,
the Sheffield Scientific School of Yale
and the State School of Mines at
Golden. Colo., will be held here. The
Dives- Pelican Seven Thirty, group of
mines will be /the principal scene of
operations.
l»*cordcr Goff Gives ex-Convicts Long
Terms in Penitentiary for Robbing
a Woman In New York.
PASSES HEAVY 5 SEXTEXCE
UPOX TWO PURSE SXATCHER^
SAN DIEGO, June 2. — At a meeting
Just held here.it was decided io or
ganize an automobile club, having for
its principal objects the furtherance
of the good-roads movement and the
Interesting of the people of the State
in the Camino Real proposition.
Temporary organization was effected
and a committee appointed to draft
by-laws and report at the next meet-
Ing a week from to-morrow.
Effort Will Be Made to-Stimulate the
Movement for Improvement of
Roads.
SAN" DIEGO TO HAVE
AX AUTOMOBILE CLUB
WOODLAND, June 2.— The Win
ters election contest, tw^which the
seats of Town Trustees elected April
11, 1S04, by the anti-saloon element
were at stake, came, to an abrupt
end . this afternoon. ' Judge Caddis
granted the defendants' motion for a
nonsuit. As a result of the decision
E. Ireland,; John McCoubrey and H.
F. Smith will retain their positions.
The plaintiff* were: T. E. Dunnigan,
I. W. Heilig and G. W. Hutchens.
Question Resulting From the Election
of Trustees -in Winters Sud
. denly Settled.
COURT ENDS COXTEST
OVER TOWN" OFFICES
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., June 2.—
Hundreds of prospectors ., and miners
have taken locations within the past
few days on Nipple Mountain, about
thirteen miles south of this district,
where a gold-bearing dike fifteen feet
wide has been discovered. Samples of
ore from the dike which have been as
sayed run from $12 to $100 per ton in
gold. It Is estimated that 1000 claims
have already been Btaked in the new
district. The camp has been named
Bullvllle from the bull quartz found
there in abundance.
Discovery of a Gold Bearing Dike Fif
teen Feet Wide Causes a Stam
pede From Cripple Creek.
RUSH OF RROSPECTORS
TO XIPPIjE MOUNTAIN
SPOKANE. June 2.— Beaten almost to
Insensibility and bound hand and foot
with straps, which cut deep into the
wrists and ankles, gagged and choked,
was the condition of Mrs. Kate O'Con
nor when found last night near the
north end of the Division-street bridge
in an almost dying condition. There are
suspicions, uncertainty and mystery
connected with the strange case. The
aged woman says a man, whose name
she refuses to give, beat her, with no
motive whatever.
Aged Resident.
Authorities in Spokane RntHed by
Mystery Surrounding Heating of
ATTACK OX A WOMAX
PUZZLES THE POL/ICE
ALBUQUERQUE. N. M., June 2.—
Judge Baker of the District Court
has made permanent the in
junction restraining the strik
ing Santa ' Fe machinists from
molesting the company's property or
interfering with non-union employes.
A motion by the machinists to modify
the injunction so as to permit them
to converse with non-union men was
denied.
Restraining Order Against Former
Santa Fe Men Made Permnnent.
STRIKERS- ARE EXJOIXED.
Solano Conrt to . Hear the Case j
• of Boy Accused of Wounding ' |
• a Woman.
' VALLEJO, June 2. — In Justice
Browner's court here to-day the pre- j
liminary examination of George Witt
was held and he was bound over for
trial before the Superior Court, with
bail set at JlOXiO. Witt is the 17-year
.old youth tvho is charged with shoot
ing Mrs. William Stevens as she lay
in bed beside her husband on the night j
"of May 17. The bullet . was fired
through the bedroom window.
YOUTH MUST ANSWER
. CHARGE OP SHOOTING
EL PASO, Tex., June 2.— Arthur A.
Eddy of Zios Angeles was to-day found
guilty of the murder of. Daniel Mitchell
of Cincinnati and sentenced to a term
of ninety-nine years in the peniten
tiary. The jury was out all night and
it Js stated that eight members stood
for hanging, but a compromise was
finally reached. Letters introduced in
evidence from Miss Georgie Van Allen
of Tonopah, Nev., the woman in the
case, stated that Mitchell and Eddy
had never met prior to the murder and
that Eddy had not given her $600 which
she gave to Mitchell.
nixetV-xixe years ix
prison' for eddy
Los Angeles Defendant Is Convicted of
Killing Daniel Mitchell of
. . Cincinnati.
Several months ago Mrs. Riphard
son went East on a visit and 1 on her
return is said to have met .Whitney
in Omaha, where a friendship sprang
up. Returning here the two were
much together and some days ago
both disappeared. The preacher got
wind of their presence in Sioux City
and went to that place yesterday,
where he swore out a warrant for
them and they were arrested.
WAHOO, Neb., June 2. — Mrs.
Geosfe B. Richardson, the beautiful
wife of the pastor of the First Bap
tist Church, and John B. Whitney,
City Clerk of this town, were arrested
in Sioux City last- night, to which
place the two eloped some days ago.
Deserted Husband Locates the Run
aways In Nebraska and Has Them
Taken Into Custody.
WIFE OF A MINISTER
ELOPES WITH A CLERK
BUTTE, Mont., June 2. — Jealousy
between the workingmen and the
smeltermen's unions resulted last
night in a visit of thirteen whitecaps
to the High Ore mine of the Anacon
da Mining Company's group of prop
erties and the serious wounding, of
James Paige, a timekeeper, who was
beaten and kicked into insensibility by
the masked thugs. The gang of white
caps was in searc*h of Morgan Howell,
a non-union man, who professed a
willingness to ally himself with the
WoRkingmen's Union, but not with the
smeltrermen. Paige attempted to save
Howell when he was asaulted. Howell
escaped injury.
Protect n Xon-Unio-n .Man.
Beat a Timekeeper Who Tried to
WHITECAPS IN- MONTANA;
SAN JOSE. June 2.— Word has been
received from Manila of the . coming
marriage of Mrs. Margaret. Ziegler of
this city to A. J. Francis, a wealthy
importer of Hongkong and Bombay,
The bride-to-be is the divorced wife of
Otto Ziegler,' a former champion hjey
clist. After securing a divorce nearly
a year ago Mrs. Ziegler started on a
tcur of the world. She is the daughter
of Fred Tennant, formerly of this city
but now of Pacific Grove. She is a
cousin of Dorothy Tennant, the noted
beauty. Her mother states her daugh
ter has written for her consent to the
marriage.
pion Bicyclist Soon to Be
Married.
Former Wife of an Erstwhile Cham-
MRS. ZIEGLER TO WED
A WEALTHY IMPORTER
San Franciscans Interested in a Proj
ect Capitalized at Half a Mil
lion Dollars.
REDDING,. June 2.— The Mount
Lassen Water and .Power Company i»
the third concern to begin operations
to install a big power plant in Shasta
Counly. The company is composed
of John L. Leveck and C. H. Hilbert
of Redding and Archibald Barnard,
L. M. Robbins, A. G. Sheath,
M. A. Kenney and A. E.
of San Francisco. A plant
will at once be installed on Battle
Creek, fvtenty-three miles southeast
of Reddin.g, where 15.000 horsepower
can be generated. Pole lines will be
run to Redding, Corning and Chico.
The new company is capitalized for
$500, 0*0 and much stock' has been
" subscribed.
COMPANY WILL BUILD
POWER PLANT IN SHASTA
Edward Martin has been subject all
his life to epileptic fits and other dis
orders. He was discharged from the
asylum because he seemed harmless.
CORVALLIS, Ore., June 2.— Because
her son was behind prison bars, Mrs.
Elizabeth Martin died of a broken
heart Tuesday afternoon. She had
been perfectly well until the youth was
arrested for interfering with laborers
who were, dressing: telephone poles. It
was another sign of his mental un
soundness, her great tribulation. She
knew that It would mean another term
in an insane asylum for her only son.
She was prostrated and gradually sank,
though no organic weakness could be
discovered.
Woman Dies of a/ Broken Heart Be
cause Her Child Is in
a Cell.
DEATH CALLS MOTHER
WHEN SON IS JAILED
H. Davies' play, ."Cynthiana," which
was produced in Windham's Theatc,
London, on May 16, with Ethel Barry
more as- the star, has proved a fail
ure here and Frohman will withdraw
it on June 4. - .
LONDON, June 2. — Ethel Barry
more will sail for New York on June
5 and will proceed almost immediately
to San Francisco, where she will open
her season.
ETHEL BARRYMORE
WILL BE HERE SOON
A block away lay her husband, badly
hurt, but not fatally. The horse had
shied at a heap of fresh earth and
run. McKenzie, an aged farmer, was
thrown out of the vehicle. Starr Charl
ton of Athena caught the runaway 200
yards farther on. He held the animal
as the woman dismounted. She had
not been injured, but died from the
shock of what she thought was her
husband's death. She was < 60 years old.
With these fateful words on her lips
Mrs. Alexander McKenzie dropped dead
as she was rescued from almost certain
death pn the main street of Athena this
afternoon.
ATHENA, Or., June 2.— "Thank you,
eir. I suppose the old man is killed."
Resident of an Oregon Town Passes
From Life After Tavlnj* Been
Rescued.
WOMAN DROPS DEAD
FEARING SPOUSE KILLED
COLUMBUS, Ohio., June 2. — John
W. Manning, a prisoner at the United
States Barracks, was shot and instant
ly killed by Private Speck, one of the
sentries at the garrison. Manning was
held awaiting trial for desertion.
While at work to-day he attempted to
escape. Failing to stop at the com
mand he was shot through the head.
Wisch, who had seven times been
convicted of violation of rules, be
longed to the Field Artillery. Along
with Private Reilley, who is ''awaiting
trial for desertion, he was employed in
cleaning""up the grounds under the
charge of Guard Kennedy. Suddenly
the prisoners attacked Kennedy, who
succeeded in beating them off. Then
they broke for liberty. Kennedy shot
and killed Wisch. Reilley was recap
tured unhurt. ,
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., June 2. —
Two military prisoners at Fort Snell
ing made an attempt to escape to-day
and one of them, named Wisch, was
shot dead.
Make a Break for Liberty While
Out at Work and Are Shot
by the Guards.
MILITARY PRISONERS DIE ,
WHILE TRYING .TO ESCAPE ;
GUATMAS, Mexico, June 2. — The
prefect of police has Just been advised
of the appearance of a band of raiding
Yaquis not far from San Jose de
Guaymas. The Indians, sixty in num
ber, are commanded by Miguel Men
tosa, a Mexican brigand. The Tascota
ranch was pillaged and burned by the
savages and twelve Mexicans were
carried off as hostages. Mentosa de
mands a heavy ransom for their re
turn.
¦ The same band that raided the Tas
cota, made a similar raid on the Tezal
ranch, but were driven ba#k by a vol
unteer force commanded by Don Bua
tamente, the proprietor. Troops have
been rushed to the scene of the trou
ble.
Leader of Raiding Yaquis Holds
Twelve Prisoners After a Ranch
*" Attack.
KKTOAND IN MEXICO
DEMANDS BIG RANSOM
Three torpedoes were taken on board
at the torpedo station and the Fulton,
accompanied by the gunboat Hist and
the tug Powhattan, with the trial
board on the Hist, went up the bay as
far as Gould Island. Two torpedoes
were fired while the Fulton was en
tirely under water and going at a speed
of about eight knots. The boat then
rose until the conning tower, was in
sight, when the third was discharged.
The torpedoes had an average range
of 1700 yards.
NEWPORT, R. I., June 2.— The sec
ond day's Government trial of the sub-
Ynarine boat Fulton to-day was de-.
voted to the firing of torpedoes while
submerged and just awash.
Discharges .Torpedoes Wlille Under
Water and Running ut a Speed
of Eight Knots.
SUBMARINE BOAT pULTON
IS GIVEN* aNOTHEU TEST
and his men were returning to Grange
ville with the prisoner, and w.hen about
cce mile from Whitebird they were al
most 6urrotinded by thirty or forty
masked men, who demanded the pris
oner.
• The Sheriff attempted to ge.t away
" with Myers, but at points' of numerous
cuns was commanded to halt, which
he did. The lynchers then ordered the
• officers to go to Grangeville, stating
that they would take care of the pris
• oner. After this time it is not definite
" ly known what was done, but ultimate
ly his life was taken..
• The crime for which these determined
men nought the life of Myers was a
tcld -blooded murder, he having killed
George Brownlee near Crooks Corral
three weeks ago, at the same time
wounding Wallace Janett. Sheriff Seay
left immediately for the scene of the
lynching to recover the body. Myers
. has. no relatives in this section. Threats
cf lynching 'at the time of his arrest
wei«e made, and it was with difficulty
tbe officers saved Myers' life until this
'm"orning« .. . -
GRANGE VILLE, Idaho. June 2.— T.
M. Myers, the murderer of George
Brownlee-, was taken from Deputy
Eh'eriff John &eay and Special Deputies
C. J. Hall, Frank Wyatt. Edward
Wyatt. Fred Wyatt and Roy Gordon
«bout 9:30 o'clock this morning and
lynched.
Myers was confined in the County
Jail until yesterday, when he was taken
to Whitebird for his preliminary hear
ing. He was bound over. The Sheriff
Special DU-patch to Th« Call
Officer's Effort to Escape
' With the Culprit Fails
and Latter's Life Is Known
to Have Been Forfeited
Managing Director McMillan is now
in Rossland continuing the merger ne
gotiations with President Blackstock of
the other properties. If it goes through
it will be the greatest deal in an
nals of Canadian mining. '
The merger is being promoted in
London, England, where is located the
head office of the Le Roi. The other
mines are owned by Tpronto stockhold
ers. The Le Roi is famous because of
its sale for $5,000,000 by the Spokane
owners to j Whitaker Wright, who re
cently committed suicide. It was for a
false declaration concerning this mine
that he was condemned to imprison
ment. :
VANCOUVER, B. C, June 2.— A sen
sation was sprung on the mining com
munity of British Columbia to-day by
the announcement of negotiations for
the amalgamation of the Le Roi, Cen
ter Star and War Eagle mines of Ross
land. Their combined capitalisation is
more than $10,000,000.
The speeches were few and brief, but
overflowing with the most cordial sen
timents of good will, for both countries.
Bryce, after proposing the health of
King Edward and eulogizing what the
King had accomplished between ,the
European powers, proposed the health
of President Roosevelt 'as the greatest
man who had occupied the Presiden
tial chair since Washington.
Low dwelt upon the Importance of
the two countries knowing each other
better, the good results which followed
the Pilgrims in this direction and the
Importance of both countries cherish
ing and cementing the friendly rela
tions which now existed. *
LONDON, June 2.— The Pilgrim Club
entertained former Mayor Seth Low of
New York at luncheon in the Savoy
Hotel to-day. James Bryce presided.
Among those present were Ambassador
Choate, Consul General Evans, Major
Beacom, Lord Eustace Cecil, Louis
Dyer, - General Hutchlnson, W. D.
Howells, Robert P. Porter. W. J. Pierre,
M. T. Wilson, Rudolph Spreckels and
James , D. Phelan, the latter two of
San Francisco.
i The hoist house was located directly
over the shaft, and when the fire oc
curred two miners were at work In the
mine and the exit was completely cut
off by the fire.. Help was summoned
from McCabe. and; Mayer and the. fire
was extinguished. One man, in his ef
fort to go down into. the shaft, fell 200
feet, and is supposed to be dead. As no
communication could be had with the
two miners they also are supposed to
be dead. • N
At a late hour this evening rescuers
had been unable to descend into the
shaft on account of the deadly fumes,
but a hose has been sent down through
which air is being forced.
PRESCOTT, Ariz., June -2.— Fire oc
curred early this morning at the Hack
berry mine, Big Bug district, which de
stroyed the hoisting plant and resulted
in the probable death of three miners.
Mrs. Green grabbed the children in
one arm and Mrs. Barber in the other
and held them tight. The top of the
buggy being up, they could not fall
out. M*rs. Green received severe in
juries about the head while Mrs. Bar
ber's back was hurt. The children
were not scratched. The buggy was
smashed and the horse was cuti and
bruised.
REDDING. June 2.-rA buggy con
taining two women and three children
was backed over a grade at the Middle
Creek bridge near this city this morn
ing and crashed on the rocks in the
creek, twenty-five feet below. \The
buggy was wrecked and only the cour
age and presence of mind of Mrs. W.
F. Green, one of the occupants, saved
elderly Mrs. Barber and three children
from serious injury and possible death.
The women had started to Keswick
and took the three children with them.
Just before they reached the wagon
bridge across. Middle Creek, Mrs.
Green, who was driving, stopped the
horse on the creek side of the road to
let a wagon pass. The horse became
frightened at the wagon and started
to back. Before Mrs. Green could pre
vent tt the entire outfit went over the
bank.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SHERIFF POWERLESS
. BEFORE MANY GUNS
Courage of One of the Occu
pants Prevents a Possible
Tragedy Near Redding}
Employe Who "/Attempts to
Reach Imprisoned Ones
Falls Two Hundred Feet
SAX BERNARDINO. June 2. — This
afternoon and to-night the police have
been searching the country for M. V.
Clark, an employe in one of the local
abstract offices, who has disappeared
after leaving a note to his wife Inti
mating that he meant to commit sui
cide.
Clark, who is 60, years of age, came
to this citv with his family some
twelve years ago, and was well thought
of. Recently he lost some money, and
brooded over it until his friends began
to suspect that he was becoming de
mented. Thl? morning shortly after
he left the house his wife found, post
ed in a conspicuous place, a note say
ing:
"Good-by; I will think of you with
my dyjrig breath." '¦ "
Below was a rudely drawn figure of
a skull and cross bones. Instead of
notifying police headquarters imme
diately, the bewildered family under
took 1 a private search for the missing
man, and only appealed to the offi
cers late in the afternoon.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Loss of Money Thought to
Have Unbalanced the Mind
of. an Elderly Resident
Memory of Wliitaker Wright
Revived by the Prospec
tive Transfer of Le Roi
HOIST HOUSE BURNED
James, Bryce, Presiding at
Function, Praises Head of
the American Government
TOAST TO EODSEVELT
Idaho Prisoner Demanded
From Deputies by a Crowd
of 3Iasked Men While
on the Way to Court
VEHICLE IS WKECKED
MILLIONS IN CAPITAL
INTIMATION OF SUICIDE
Negotiations in Progress for
. the Amalgamation of Brit
ish Columbia Properties
Police of San Bernardino
Search for Man Who May
Have Ended His Life
Women and Children Have
a Narrow Escape From
Death in Shasta County
Imprisoned 3Ien Believed
to Have Lost Their Lives
in an Arizona Disaster
San Franciscans Attend
Luncheon Given in London
to -Ex-Mayor of, New York
MOB TAKES
LIFE OF A
MURDERER
BUGGY FALLS
INTO A CREEK
FLAMES CLOSE
A MINE SHAFT
FAMOUS MINES
WILL BE MERGED
NOTE STARTLES
DESERTED WIFE
LOW IS GUEST
OF PILGRIMS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY JUNE 3, 190*.
I^adies are cordially invited to visit the
new gas range and heating department
of San • Francisco Gas and • Electric Co.,
415 Post St., now open for inspection, •
4
JO AITS KIDNEY ElixS.
A CITIZENS STORY.
Told by a San Prancisco Citizen for the
Benefit of San ' Fraucisco People.
The greatest importance attached to
the f ollowirg is that it concerns a • San i
Francisco citizen. It would^los* thre-e-
quarters of its interest if it involved
some resident of Kalamazoo, Mich., or
WoonEocket, -R. I. Like all the testi-
mony which has appeared here, and like
all which will follow about the old Qua-
ker remedy, ' Doan's Kidney Pills, it
comes from residents, fellow citizens and
neighbors. No other remedy can show
such a record of borne cures. Read this
case:
Louis Sanquinctti. huckster, of 1819
Dupont street, says: "I was so crippled
with pain in my back. In fact. Lvras laJd
up with it. that I could not attend to my
work, when Doan's Kidney Pills came to
my notice and I took a course of the
treatment. Previous to that I had ex-
hausted my knowledge of known remedies
rathered from reading and prescribed
by my friends. Some recommended
this and some recommended that. I took
Down's Kidney Pills as I had taken other
preparations in the past, with very little
expectation of receiving any results, and
I must confess- 1 was more than sur-
prised when the aching in my back
stopped. That is six months ago
and it has not returned. I honestly rec-
ommend Doan's Kidney PiNs to others
bo that they may know about & prepara-
tion uport which they can depend." :
Tar sale by all dealers. Price 60 cents.
Foster-MHburn Co- Buffalo. N. Y., sole
airents for the United States.
Remember the name. Doan's. and take
jio substitute. 'iMin iit» 1 1 m Tnjirr»T°TT»T
- A ¦ - . in .1 nl' i . _.
;;>£ ADVERTISEMENTS.
SALESROOm Of
SHAINWALD; BUCKBEE & CO.
Thursday, June 9th, " l2 0Cl0Ck - N ° on
BUSINESS PROPERTIES OF THE
JOSE GLJARDIOLA ESTATE
ADniNISTRATOR'S SALE
Northeast corner California and Sanaome streets, lot 45x90
ft. Improvements, three-story and basement brick building-.
Annual rents f 12,390. No leases.
Wos. 34 to 62 Sills street, lot 90x1 37:6 ft. Improvements,
modern f oar-story and basement brick bulldln?. Stores, lofts
and offices above. Annual rents $17,800. Ko leases.
Hos. 117-119 Pine st. Lot 50x91:8 ft. Three-story and base-
ment briok building"; Jnst vacated. Former rent $3600 per an-
num. ' Seasonable amount spent tn renovation will produoe " ' \
largely Increased rent.
Kos. 318-320 O'Parrell street, near Mason. Iiot 56x137:8 ft.
Three-story and basement brick building 1 . (Palo Alto Stable.)
Bent $2100 per « annum. Ho lease. Present rent nominal. Can
be materially advanced by srivinsr lease.
->¦'.' Hos 9-11 Barley place (off O'Parrell street, between Grant
avenue and Stockton street). Lot 42:8x60 ft. Pour-story and
basement brick bulldinur, rented as a piano warehouse at $1800
per annum.
NOTE. — The Incomes on al! of the 'above properties can be largely
Increased immediately by giving leases. .
The "Keredla Tract," containing- 1522 acres of land la
Placer County. California. /
rSH-SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.
21 8-220 Montgomery St. I Mil IsTBuilding
ADVEBTISSMENTa.
Colds
La Grippe
Catarrh
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
50c and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail "or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to,4 p. m.
\ MERCHANT TAILORS.
622 Market Street.
1 Up Stairs. Opp. Palace Hotel.
SAN FRANCISCO. •
Novelt : es in Imported Wear.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
e Steamers leave Broadway
whane*; piers 0 and 11.
San Franciseo.''. .:.
For Ketchikan, Wrangel,
Juneau, Halnes, Skaguay,
etc., Alaska — 11 a. m. June
4, 9, 14, 19. 24. July ft.
Change to Company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. - Tacoroa. Everett.
Bellinrham— 11 a. m.. June 4. 9, 14. 10. 24.
July 5. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and Q. N. P.y.; at Seattle
or. Tacoma to K. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to
c. p. n>-.
For Kureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p m.. June S, 9. IS. '-"I. 27, July 3. Corona.
1:30 p. m.. June 6. 12. IS. 24. 30. July 6.
For Los Angeles (via Port Loa Anseles and
1 Redondo), San Dleco and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Arseles (via San Pedro and East
San. Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mont-
erey, San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Huenenle.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. June 8, 16. 24. July 2.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m., June 4, 12. 20. 28. July 0.
For Ensenada. Jtasdalena Bay. San Jo*e del
Cabo, Uazatlan, Altata. La Pas. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas IMes.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS, Season 190*— The
palatial excursion steam?hli> Spokane will
leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria. June 7.
21. July 6. 19. Aug. 2. 16.
For further information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing: dates.
TICKET OFPXOXS — 4 New Monticom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st.and Broad-
way wharves. Freight Office, 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
Lot Passenger and rreia-ht Bates.
The- Pacific Coast Steamship Co.'s Steamship
VALENCIA
From San Franciseo, June 8, 11 a. m.
From Seattle, June 14, 9 p. m.
For rate? and full information apply _.
S TICKET OFFICES,
4 New Montgomery st. and 10 Market st.
FREIGHT OFFICE. .10 MARKET ST.
J. H. COOPER. General Freight Agent.
C. D. DUNANN. Oen. Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. Ban Francisco.
O.iR: «£ JV. CO.
COLUMBIA sails June 6, 18 and 28. July -e.
16 26. GEO. W. ELDER sails June 1. 11 and
21* July 1. 11. 21. Only steamship line to
PORTLAND. OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all points East. Through tickets to
all points. Steamer tickets Include berth and '
meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear it. at 11
a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept. I
Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD. Oen. Agent
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st. j
gccin!cs.s.co.i»£
8. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. June 4, 11 a.m
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thurs.; June 18, 2 p.m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. July 2. 11 a. m.
LD.SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.,MtS.,TiCfcSt 03M 643 2ir-
ht, fnifllt (Mi 323 Marat 3L, PUr?,Pi;U; ;;.
tOMPAOHIE QENXSALC TiUHSATLAKTI)?^
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday instead or 4 . v \ .
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. '» •
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre, - 145 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F.' FUOAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad TlcXet Agents.
To U. B. JTavy Tard and Vallejo.
STMRS. GEN. FRIS BIE. MONTIC ELLO and
ARROW— 9:45 A. M.. 12:30 noon. 3:15 P. M.
6:00 P. M.; 8:30 P. M. (ex. Sunday), Sundays
9:45 A. II.. 8:30 P. M. Leave Vallejo 7:00
A. M., 0:00 A. M.. 12:30 NOON. 3:15 P. M..
6:0O P. M. (ex. Sunday). Sundays 7:0O A. M..
4:15 P. M. Fare one way, 50c. Landing and
- office. Pier 2. foot Mission st. Phone Mala
• 1SC3. HATCH BROS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
.^^^ f
1 500 Suit Cases
<<" JUST AJUMTliD
Tna* !*••*• Ooto* to Dlspos* ©* •»
rrleec Haver Before Quoted for Tlzvt-
Class Oood«.
Linen Lined ?2*Q$
Same with Straps all aroand. -97.00
Leather Lined :"gi*2x
Same wltb Straps all around.. 88.50
811k Lining; §8.50
Brown, Olive or Russet. .^
A.B/sivirmco.
128 Ellis St
O00000090000000000000O
!• TOOTH •
S HINTS! :
I Z My electric anaesthetic / vapor T
! Z method, by use of which there is 5
2 no P a in, consists of an anaesthetic J
; • vapor, driven Into the dentlna by J*
V compressed air; this Is taken up W
© by a current of electricity, which 0
O carries it to the nerve, numbing it. O
; 0 The compressed air also keeps the 0
' 0 cavity clean, so any part of it can a
i A be seen at all times. Consultation q
Z free. Investigate. Z,
• DR. A. L. SIMPSON. Dentist, •
S 1209 1XASX2T STBSST. O
STATEMENT
OF TUB
CONDITION AND AFFAIRJ.
07 TUB
Northwestern Mutual
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MILWAUKEE, IN THB STATB OP
Wisconsin* on the 31»t day of December.
A. D., 1303. and for the year ending on that
day; made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the re-
quirements of Section 613 of the Political
Code of said State.
CAPITAL. -
! Amount of Capital Stock paid up
Ja Cash _•
ASSETS. ¦
Net Talue cf Real Estate Owned . •
by the Company - $3,811,887 43
Amount of Loans secured by : . .
Bend and Mortsrare en Real
Estate 85.713,617 ©7
Premium notes and loans tn any •
form taken " in payment of
premiums on policies now in
force 812.311 54
Cash market value of all Btorks
and Bonds owned by ' the
Company «7,468.332 43
Amount of .. Cash on hand la . . .
Company's Office' .".".V." 208, 4^.6 i5-.
Amount of Cash deposited in
Bank* : J.23S.3S3 b»
Interest d*ua the Company and
1 unpaid 91,202 :'.»
Interest accrued but not due.... : 2.498,463 40
Net amount of premiums In pro- : .
cess of collection, and of de-
ferred premiums 2.232,733 53
i Loans made to policy holders a«-
sUrned as collateral ........ 13.731.233,00
i Rents due and accrued ......... .31.936 &>
Total Assets 1178,200.625 20
LIABILITIES. • : """
, Claims for death losses and ma- ' '
turrd endowments? ' due and
unpaid $1OT,O83 12
Claims for death losses and ma- ¦ - -
tured emlowmcnts In prccem . .
of adjustment, or adjusted
. but not .lue : B0M42M
Halms resisted by the Company 40,900 lit)
Xet present value of all the out-
standing policies., computed
accordinff to the Combined
Experience Tables of Mortal- • •
lty. with four per cent In-
terest 143,035,854 0O
Amount of all unpaid dividends • •
to policy holders 2. 502, 823 u»
Tontine Surplus payable to policy
holders ...» 23.67»,.'5fi(> 7*
All other Liabilities 711.687 7.1
Total Liabilities <172.385.861 ¦". >
INCOME.
Cash received for premiums on . .' ¦ .
new policies during the
year $:?, 826.934 «9
Cash received for renewal of
premiums during- the year.. 22.523.714 01
Cash received for Interest 7.010.017 4*
(Tasa received for .rents -l.".4.T::i n
Cash received from • all oth<>r •
sources - 234.S73 11
Totar income .*33,S"{3.27:s » ¦•••. .
EXPENDITURES. "IT"!
Cash paid for losses and ma- -
tur^d endowments $3,1.11.5*7. ?»
Cash paid to annuitants .* 43.SS3 29
Cash paid for surrendered
policies 2,466.634- M
Cash paid for dividends to policy * '
holders 4,436t 172 04
<*ommis.-lon*i paid to agents ... 2.927,7'fcJ IH>
Salaries and other compensation
of officers and employes, ex-
cept agents and medical ex- ¦
amlners •.... 4M.SS2 43
Salaries dnd traveling expenses ' ¦
of managers of agencies . . 11. lot- 7.1
Medical examiner*" fees and sal- ¦ " - -
artes :: J70.S22 ii
Cash paid for taxes 67O.:W>7/ I!> *
Cash paid for rents 43.5*5 0i>
Cash paid for commuting, com- - • •
missions : ¦...'. ¦ 430 74
All other cash payments (specl- v
fytns) Repairs on Real . * ¦•
Estate. Legal Expenses, Ad-
vertising. Printing. . etc..'
$.17S.449 33; Premium' notes
vol led by lapse. • »9.»7» SI; ' .
all other payments. 11.247.-
715 26 :...... 1.636.1.43 fX>
Total Expenditures during
the J< ar l2t.03a.543 15
PREMIUM-NOTE ACCOTiNX *
Premium notes and' other prein-"-
lum obligations at beginning ---•?-.¦¦¦
of the year 1292.223 2S
Premium notes and other prem-. --.•¦•:
. lum obligations received dur- " ' ¦
Ing the year j ,... 141.601 $9 ¦
1 fr^isTOV3*rMiMCsssHI ¦
Total ....; $j3a.915 <»
¦Deductions during the year, as follows:
Amount of notes and other* prem-
ium obligation* used in pay- ,'.--.-
ment of leases and claims. . . (15.248 74
Amount of notes and other prem- .' ¦ -¦¦ .¦"¦.•¦?
lum obligations used" In pur- ' .•
chase of surrendered policies 8.S33 83
Amount cf notes and other prem- . ' -* ; '
lum obligations used In pay-
ment of dividends to policy ••....,
holders * - a».S08 51 .
Anount of notea and other pre-
mium obllratlons voided by LT"-.'.
lapse of policies 9,979 3X
Amount of notes and other prem- .
lum obligations r deemed by
maker la cash 55.313 10
Total reduction of Prem-
ium-Note Account $124,603 31
Balance, note assets at end of ..„_...
the year f -¦¦ $312.31154
WILLARD MERRItA President.
J. W. SKINNER. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this
29th day of January. 1904. •
/ P. R. SANBORN. Notary PubUo.
clarence¥. smith,
General Agent for California^
114 Phelan Building,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. '
Weekly Call, $1 per YearThe current Town Talk Is another of
the special | numbers that have reflected
sreat credit on the publishers of this
clean and breezy .weekly. It Is an out
ing number and its fifty-six pages, beau
tifully illustrated, are filled with read
ing matter savoring of the season. It is
devoted to the exploitation of the prin
cipal summer resorts of California, ; and,
though containing many special features,
the regular departments have oot been
neglected. The ..: Saunterer paragraphs
are exceptionally newsy. The Oxnard-
Bard contest Is discussed from a novel
but logical viewpoint, and there is much
interesting gossip about the De Perhacs.
the latest lions of literary circles, about
the return of the Charley Baldwins, the
social activity of Ernest- Wiltsee. the
latest triumphs of our society leader and
of a Californian in Paris, together with
much interesting matter about affairs in
the Berkeley University. ! ¦ • .
"Another Special Town Talk.
Pittsburg Plant That Practically Had
Been Closed Down, for Want of
Work Is Successful Bidder.
.PITTSBURG, June 2. — The Pressed
Steel Car Company was the successful
bidder on. the Harriman car contract
let yesterday. It received the order
for. 2000 new high capacity steel cars
on which work is to begin at once.
Most f of the steel cars will go to the
Union and Southern Pacific railroads.
The Pressed Steel Car plants have
been almost closed down for lack of
orders, , but this" order will put the
whole plant in operation. In addition
other orders secured make an aggre
gate of -4 000 cars to be built.
HARRIMAN LETS CONTRACT
FOR 2000 STEEL- CARS
Ladies are cordially Invited to visit th«
new eras range and heating department
of San Francisco Gas and Electric Co.
415 Post st^ now open for inspection. • '
MYSTERIOUS SECRET
SOCIETY IN SESSION
Five Hundred Women Delegates At
tend the P. E» O. Conclave In •
Kansas City. -
KANSAS CITY, June 2. — The Mis
souri Grand Chapter of P. E. O., a
woman's secret order, began its . an
nual convention here to-day. The ses
sion was executive and each woman
was required to give the password.
More than 500 were present.
Although the P. E. O. dates to 1867,
little concerning the order has ever
reached the public Its ambition is
to attain a place among the women
of the country akin to that enjoyed by
the Masonic order among men. The
order has members In every State,
Iowa leading with 109 chapters. The
total membership in the United States
is estimated at from 8000 to 10,000.
Herman A. Druhe, aged 42 years.
died last night at the home of his sis
ter, Mrs. H. Bredhoff, 1128 Eighth,
street.
OAKLAND, June 2. — Mrs. Eliza
beth Wethren died yesterday at her
home, 55 Valley street, age 52 years.
The deceased leaves a daughter, Mrs.
N. C. Hood.
Alameda County Deaths.
ganization Required by Law.
"WASHINGTON, June 2. — JudgeTAd
vocate General Davis has rendered an
opinion that Nevada Is not entitled to
a pro rata share of the appropriation
made for the National Guard because
the State has not maintained the mil
itary organization required by law.
One hundred men for each Senator
and Representative is necessary to
comply with the law. Under the de
cision $27,000 will be covered into
the treasury.
Judge Advocate Rules That State Has
Not Maintained the Military Or-
NEVADA. WILL XOT SHARE
IN THE APPROPRIATIOX
NEW YORK, June 2.— An organized
effort is to be made by automobolists
of this city to end what they term per
secution by the authorities of many
small towns in New. Jersey. Suit for
$10,000 damages has just heen entered
for false arrest against one Town Mar
shal of Chetham and steps will be
taken for the impeachment of a Jus
tice before whom the Marshal has
been taking the autoraobilists whom
he charged with violating the apeed
laws. - V
Many of those Interested assert that
they have been fined when they were
able to prove observance of the laws
and allege the town officials are guilty
of conniving at the arrests in order* to
increase their fees.
Allege That New Jersey Marshals Un
lawfully Arrest Them in Order
to Increase Their Fees, x"
AUTOMOBLJSTS ORGANIZE
FOR MUTUAL PROTECTION
Off Marital Obligations Until v
Too Late in Life.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 2. — In an ad
dress before the Missouri State Con
gregational Association on "The Re
ligious Opportunity and Obligation of
the. Home," Rev. Cyrus F. Stlmson of
Kansas City impressed upon the min
isters that it is their duty to have large
families. . * '.
The modern five-room flat he-de
clared to be an enemy to family life,
and : he ¦ emphasized this remark by
stating that the owners of such prop
erty have placed a premium on small
families.
One of the great evils of modern so
ciety he declared to be the fact that
people put off marital obligations until
too late in life.
Declares That People Frequently Put
CONGREGATIONAL 3HNISTER
FAVORS EARLY MARRIAGES
Webster Batcheller, a well known
capitalist, who has resided at the Pal
ace Hotel for a number of years, »!:ta
yesterday at the Lane Hospital, ,to
which he was recently removed to un
dergo an operation for appendicitis.
Deceased was a bachelor and TO years
of age. He was formerly engaged in
the lumber business, from which h«*
retired several years ago. A relative
is expected here to-day to take charge
of the remains, which will probably
be shipped to the East.
Dies In a Hospital.
The principal investigation will be
Into matters affecting Judge M. C.
Brown of the First Division, Judge
James Wickersham of the Third Divi
sion and John G. Brady, the Governor
of the Territory. .
WASHINGTON. June 2. — President
Roosevelt to-day appointed James S.
Young, United States District Attor
ney at Pittsburg, a special assistant
attorney general to investigate charges
against a number of Federal officers
in Alaska.
President Appoints an Attorney to Go
to Alaska and Look Into Charges
Against Judjjos and Governor.
FEDERAL OFFICIALS
TO BE INVESTIGATED
Shoots Her and Then, Turning the Re-
REJECTED SUITOR ATTEMPTS
TO MURDER YOUNG WOMA^
TOfrer on Himself. Inflicts a
Fatal Wound. . ;-:-"
CHICAGO, June 2. — Frank Sessler. a •
rejected saltor. to-day shot himself and
Miss Estella Roney. daughter of the
assistant superintendent of- th« South
Chicago shipyards. The girl fell un
conscious in the street. Sessler hur
ried around a corner and fired a bullet
into his head, inflicting a fatal wound.
Miss Roney will recover. ¦• v ¦
President Tinsley, who heads the
association, says he believes more than
20.000 colored people are ready to
leave the cotton belt and make their
homes In Liberta.
It is expected that the Liberian Gov
ernment will take care of the emi
grants until they can get their farms
In shape.. - .
NEW YORK, June 2. — Colored resi
dents of Newark, N. J., have formed
an association through which they
no- vlanning the emigration of a num
ber of families to Liberia. They have
selected two of their number to start
this month to look for a proper place
for a settlement and to obtain some
sort of concession from the authorities
of Llboria.
Colored Residents of New Jersey Ap
point Two of Their Number to
Secure a Settlement.
NEGRO FAMILIES .MAY
EMIGRATE TO LIBEIUA
CHICAGO. June 2. — In the arrest of
Michael Donovan the police believe
they have begun the disruption of a
band of car theives whose depreda
tions in recent years have cost the
railroads nearly $1.000.000..
The police say that while question
ing the man's wife she told them that
her husband, who is a property
owner and is considered wealthy by
his neighbors, was selling only stolen
goods in a big store which he has
been operating for a number of years.
When Donovan was arrested and
held for Investigation of his wife's
story, the police say that in the pres
ence of railroad detectives he con
fessed to having received stolen goods
from car thieves during the last fifteen
years.
1 ¦ ; : ¦/•;...-- ~~
Take Into Custody Wealthy Property-
Owner, Wlio Acted as a Fence for
Kailroad Car Thieves.
CHICAGO POLICE MAKE
AN" IMPORTANT ARREST
ST. LOUIS. June 2.— An official bul
letin issued "by the 'World's Fair
Press Bureau announces that the
building erected at the World's Fair
by the Disciples of Christ will be dedi
cated on Saturday afternoon at 2:30
o'clock. Miss Mary Gowans of Red
lands, eg.,, and Miss Jessie Nesblt of
Cincinnati, Ohio, will act as hostesses.
Bufldlnrr of the Disciples of Christ at
St. Louis' to Be Dedicated
on Saturday.
CALIFOR>X\ JOSS
WILL ACT. AS HOSTESS
Bri^ard leaves a widow and three
sons — Brousse. who was educated for
the bar but left the practice some
years ago at the urgent solicitation of
his father to take an active part in the
tatter's large and growing business, and
who is now in full charge thereof; Paul,
a merchant of Phoenix, Ariz., and
Henry, a mining engineer.
The funeral will take place at Arcata
on Sunday next-/.;" ¦.
counties were taken in by pack trains.
Mr. Brizard's business prospered, and
he soon established his own base of
supplies at Union, now Arcata, and
afterward other stores at points of dis
tribution in the mining regions. Event
ually bis became one of the largest and
most important mercantile houses of
Northern California. It was recently
tncorporated under the name of A.
Brizard. Incorporated. The house i3
well known in San Francisco and th
the northern part of the State west of
the Coast Range.
Mr. Brizard was born at Bordeaux,
France. March IT, 1S33. His father, a
captain In the French merchant ma
rine, emigrated with his family to
Chile soon after Alexandre's birth, and
the family there resided for several
years. They removed to Humboldt
County, California, In 1S43.
At the age of 16 years young Alex
andre started for the mines of Trinity
and Humboldt counties, where he soon
became engaged in the "packing" busi
ness. At that time, as now, all sup
plies for the mining regions of those
Death of Alexandre Briiard. Pioneer
Alexandre Brlzard. the well-known
and popular pioneer merchant of Ar
caia, . Humboldt County, died at the
Waldeck Hospital on May SO from
heart failure.
"WASHINGTON. June 2. — The Navy
JJepartraent, replying to the requert
that a warship be sent to search for
th- lost steamship Conemaugh. stated
that there were r.o naval vessels In
South American waters at this time
end expressed regret that no assist
ance In the exarch can be rendered.
Jfary' Department Ha« No Available
Warships in South American
Water*.
CA3TXOT AID IX SEARCH
FOR THE OOXEMAUGn
Beach built the St. James Hotel
here and for about thirty years con
ducted that hostelry. He was a native
of New York and 72 years of age. He
came to California In IS 5 3 and had
been a resident of Santa. Clara County
since 1S59. He was one of the best
known men in the county and had a
wide acquaintance throughout th«
State. Eight years ago he sold his
hotel to the late James Campbell, the
Hawaiian millionaire. Since then he
had resided on South First street.
Beach was a Royal Arch Mason and
prominent In the order. A widow and
flre crown children survive him.
SAN JOSE, June 2. — The death of
Tyler Beach, the pioneer hote"lkeeper
of this city, occurred this afternoon at
2 o'clock. He had been ill for a long
time.
Special Dlsp«.tch t» TS« C*.!!.
THE LATE TTLER BEACH.
PIONEER HOTELKEEPER. OF
6AX JOSE.
Tyler Beach of San
Jose Passes From
Life.
STERLING, Colo.. June 2. — One
thousand feet of Union Pacific Rail
road track over Pawnee Creek, in this
county, is entirely covered by water as
the result of a waterspout. The Platte
bottoms is a vast sea of water. No
lives have been reported lost so far,
nor have any ranchmen reported loss
of stock, but many valuable fields of
hay are completely ruined. The track
damage is in the vicinity of Atwood.
six miles west of Sterling. A train of
Texas cattle is on the Atwood siding
awaiting the completion of track re
pairs.
Railroad Tracks Are Covered by
Water and Many Valuable Fields
of Hay Are Ruined.
COLORADO WATERSPOUT
CAUSES GREAT DAMAGE
NEW YORK, June 2. — An unex
| pected echo has been heard of the Sully
i failure. It arose over a pew In St.
Batholomew's Church, which' was
bought by Sully some time before the
collapse of his firm. The deed for the
pew reached his office after the re
ceivers took charge and fell into the
hands of these officers. Finally Sully
made Inquiry and demanded the docu
ment, which, he said, was exempt.
I The receivers retained It, however, un
til advice could be secured as to
•rhether the pew was an asset of the
cotton merchant- Upon the advise of
their counsel the deed had been held
j among the assets pending the appoint
ment of a trustee in bankruptcy. Sully
complained bitterly over the action.
I Receivers Appointed to Handle the
Affairs of Deposed Cotton King
Sully Levy on Document.
DEED FOR CHURCH PEW
IS HELD AS AX ASSET
A severe wind accompanied the rain,
greatly damaging fruity and growing
crops. At St. John, Sterling and in
the country district around Salina
houses were demolished by tornadoes.
Edward Holmes of Clements and
Orvid Olson of Concordia were killed
by lightning. No trouble Is being ex
perienced by the Rock Island and
Union Pacific in moving trains.
The Santa Fe double track bridge at
Neva is reported washed out. To
night the Santa Fe management an
nulled all the regular trains running
between Kansas City and Emporia.
Heavy rains are reported from up
stream In the Kaw Valley, but most of
the high water trouble is being experi
enced In the bottom lands between Em
poria and Newton. At ¦ Emporia the
Neosho and Cottonwood rivers are re
ported to be rising a foot an hour.
At Florence the Santa Fe depot is
flooded and the telegraph operator had
to leave. The Santa Fe track3 are a
foot under water at Emporia, Strong
City, Florence and Newton, and are
washed out In several places. Six hun
dred residents were forced to leave
their homes in Newton and rescue par
ties will be at work all night saving
people from the flood.
The little town of Elmlra, eight miles
from Cottonwood Falls, is reported to
be under three feet of water.
TOPEKA. Kans.. June 2.— Kansas
streams aVe rapidly rising to-night.
Cloudbursts are reported from Em
poria, Newton, Strong City, Florence,
Manhattan, St. John and Salina. At
Lincoln Center more than four inhces
of water fell in three hours.
"Killed— Georg- "CTachter, Ewlng
Qnillen. Benjamin B. Nolde. ETbert W.
Ceborne! Martin Einert, Amos J. Gil
llarn. Owen Hughes, Wll'.iam Lultgens,
John O'Connors, Leonard C. Smith.
"William A. William, Charles Cole and
Frank G. Meredith.' the last named
having transferred frcm Comp«ny E,
Eev*»nteenth Infantry.
"Wounded— Thomas H. Beckett.
George R. Humphreys. Henry D. Ehad-
Ceaa. John L. Bamhouse. Francis M.
Davis and John' F. Delonge.
"All wounded doing welL These be
lcrgred to Company F. Seventeenth In-
Cantry."
"WASHINGTON*. June 2.— Major G«n
«ral AiBsnrbrth. the military secretary,
to-day received from General Wade,
cosf-nranding the division of the Philip
pines, a cable report cf the recent at
tack en American troops in Mindanao
The following is an extract from the
dispatch:
-MANILA. June- 2. 1504.— Major Gen
eral Leonard -Wood returned May 30
from, an expedition to Lake LJyaasan.
The regains of the offlcers and men
killed in action May 8 were brought ta
Cottabato and . Interred. All's outfit, a
email arsregation cf outlaws. Is now
fa hiding and will be pursued until de
stroyed or captured. No disturbance
•whatever. In Cottabato. No casualties
la expedition. Following is a complete
list of casualties among enlisted men
May S:
General Wade Cables Names
of the Killed and Wounded
in the Recent Attack
Several Hundred Residents
Are Forced to Leave Their
Homes Owing to the Flood
LIST OF CASUALTIES
Natives Who Slaughtered
Enlisted Men in Mindanao
Are to Be Hunted Down
MUCH LAND INUNDATED
Cloudbursts Are Keported
From Various Sections and
Crops Are Badly Damaged
TROOPS PURSUE
OUTLAW BAND
KANSAS RIVER
RISING RAPIDLY
PIONEER
HOTELMAN'S
LIFE ENDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 3, 1904.
5
STEEL SCISSOBS
FREE TO CLASSIFIED
ADVERTISERS.
IX SUNDAY EDITION.
Like Our Circulation, These
Premiums Are High-Class.
The SUNDAY CALL has over
85,000 circulation, principally
in the homes; a 'QUANTITY
and QUALITY that ASSURES
ACTUAL RESULTS.
Gifts given \ to-day for Sunday
WANT ADS.
THE EMPOBIUaL | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. I THE ZMPOBtOTt
K r*i*±*w** tf^jrftf** Special Sate Goods ordered -by mail f*Smm**m* O*»Fa ¦''¦"¦"¦
5 Glove Sale . £uupiunuvinnotb*se*rGo.D. utgar Sale
X Womon*s Uslo Thread 3So Gloves in _ mn '• FfiH^txt santi <%ntui*rfz»\s
x Modes, whites, Black j(f r -• trtaay Btio &aturoay ..
I To-Day and Saturday ±JWF tfWfflflfJll/ff 10 Lillian RilSSellS
$ ' IOC Hail* CAUrORN»AS LAPCrST. > gB , F OF XOC
£ 70 Dozen, Sizes 6 to 7J2 TlffiffSTF 8^*^!^^^ i — rTrm rr Box of 100, $2.30
$ Won tier fui Price- For Friday and Saturday Selling
i Reductions j^0^^^^& t2S Men's Suits at $11.30
f Trimmed HatS That Were $15.00, St7.50 and $20.00
I Not a trimmed hat now in stock is fwS^^^^oI . On^ 125 °\ the5e uitS ' We wish W^ h2d foUr
x iP ared. Your choice of them all, v Sip«^^if times the quantity to talk to you about to-day, at the
i beginning this morning— wv T&&\* F * *& price we are going to sell them ( 1
i Hais up to $10 for $4.65 \ a^, f at, for then we could give "llf?§ir*~
J Hais up to $15 for . . . . . . $6.15 w I 500 buyers bargains that 0^*3
f Hais up to $25 for . ... . . $9.35 W^ \ would make them our perma-
% For Friday and Saturday Selling n ! nt customers instead of the 'jfah'^
x *+m - JL-*m nMm - 1 **<* £+ts 1 2: > men who wl11 get these y^W/ "
I China Silk Waists $1.65 fine suits for "eleven- yf W fX
S J*%Qb> They aro re 9 ul3ri y S2.5O fifty" each. / f
** r$<$g23 We will place on sale Frkiav, and Saturday These «r: nrioaj !ot$ of which oaly t / j /&jF^/Z3&
x » \#^^ also quantities last, a lot of pretty few suits are left. Fane/ mixtcra, / P • /&§ jF~^f
J <^ t ji 1 ; .' » waists made of extra quality of China chevlo:* and plain blue fabric*; t.'«o * tsw [r*& I '»' y/M/^"^^^
$ WjSr Silk » lace inserted in neat $] m Q5 «oot» in b!«ek, eliyi tnd icrgej— « few W^ I ff%^ji$sr
X design, a5 shown in picture, _ of them $15.00 icia, the other Taloea €1" 'Cxj^tSir
X /yV; 1 /¦'''// fo^K regular 52.50 values for • • * eaCil np to $20.00 — for the two daya yonr if I "
I nl^;M\ " P'que Skirts $2.25 choice «t Aa''"'" 3 * "
* / "QJ-L^iU-yi* 1 \ Pique Outing Skirts, in walking lengths, hips trim- £11 SO T% >«g^l
V / $ ' r^'^'/l^ \ msi'wifh sam; material as ikirt, a'10 w'.th but- *p M M &%*%* I W^ •
* ('. \ tons, a rip-top skirt for city or country wear, a ¦ ~ II I W I •
M l 61 ™y 'P5^fe e a: * 2 - 25 Zl y m?Z S^ 7^S I V li
X V'l $&%&&&¦''' <' \ Hundreds of neat washable skirts Jor re- Wash VeStS &J.I9 \ \%i
i V^ipwSaffJ sort and country wear $t.oo and upward. \ For Men and Boys |\ 4
S M i 1 '" "*\*\ft •' / .. m.M m *» «. o< t * ¦ v • ~- t- Tha seison « mc«: tsnortant Wuh Vnt tale — II 1. H
X H* •* "^TJfX New Wool Crash Skirts -v«y janatr. « choice cf maar U \ g
X " bghtm^rt effect,, an 1 d ; al.^K,oaangw«r, i, white> faacy f |\ I I
£ I »™™™T"""""™™3""""^!*""™"™™""™*™™"^™"™™ 1 ™"^l»" l ™ 1> "~ m — . mediam effect*, also plain and lancy pkrxt, ia ,v if VI I
*: Latest SummQi* NBcSzwear «« » t. «6 rin . y™ dio.ee «* && »u&. $ v iig . ...
X - ' . ¦ » ¦ the two dayi »t [J I \ w [ S
I To-Day at Half Price $1.19 ' 1 \«l 1
K A jarnp'c iine from one of the largest and best manufacturers in America; ———»«——»» •$$, \jt -"*"
K wash stocks and jabot.; lawn and lace yokes, ovcrcoilan, etc. Men's OutiflO Suits $5 00 M \"h^
| 5 T : : : : ||S p % : : MM % g \ \ :|j:|| **^ 1
I i!" " . : : %%% im - : //.if fe" :: : : :!|:§2 s :: - - sg - *- ss.oo W
J I*-* 0 " • • 7So " • • S1.5O 16.00 " . . .S3.OO *&*w* w: .
I $1.OO Pattern Veils, 33c Boys' Knee Pants 37c iSFgTiae*
tf Two thousand beautiful pattern veils arrived from New York Monday morn- A Friday and'Saturday opportunity for the parents of boyi 3 to 16 years ct
£ ing — pretty tqxedo and crisscross meshes; some of them dotteJ all over; other, aje, w:ll car, routljr nude, tweed *cd d»rr«ot kaee past*, ia th: dark colon th« _*
X with dotted borders and plain centers, and still others with fancy ribbon bor- * ear * e bB « e * ta4 lh<wr instead cf 50c pair, necbl .t .... *£Q
% ders — in black, white and black, blue and white and th : s season's stylish blue — .
J' and brown effects; not a veil worth less than 50c and probably halt of them g-y _ ,# <^O QCT Worth Up
X the Jl.oo kind; all at the one uniform price — to-day and balance O9#» DOjfS <&Ui*S *P>j£im&& to S7~5O
J of we;k. whi'e quantity lasts, each ... Many broken lines Norfolk and Sailor Suits, in size* 3, 4 and 5 years calf,"
x 1^— ¦» — — — —^ — —^^— j-^— —^ >»^ -^— — — values up to S7. 50 and none of them originally less than $4.50, marked
* Children's Summer Best Creamery » dose out Fnday and Saturday $2.95
I Shoes Undcrpriccd Butter 34c j
* . ,~ r> j r. • u At our thoannds of patroiu know, we offer m— A ¦ r M m* — mm
x CBwasoitoPdi-PcppeTuidMii :. with :x^L c^^ Bu^To'arl^ Other E^tra Values for Men
J .. spring hce s, wide comfortable to« SiIet . That for to-4^y and Saturday wiU o«--»ff mi s mr '
X for little growing feet, sizes 8*4 please th; oust fastidious; ng'-lar vzz 4v SOCKS 35c f NBCKWeat* 33c, Etc a
I J° 1 . I v pair ¦ E' / s * 9 ?? is^u^fM Haw^S ~WnL For Frida7 and Sitnrd17 on!r ' Men ' f fiae noTcIt7 ' HosliT7 '-
J Misses VCanvas Oxioros— same sty.e f or the two days, lb i . . . . '."tfOc - '^f : MiZl'jJ If- tctaal »oc and 75c Talces. in some of the season's prst-
X as above, sizes 1 1 »4 to 2. pair $f Imported Swiss' Chtcse— Emeathil, Ib . . -"Ii*l-H^*f' * '1 tiest efFecu ; 3 pairs $f.OO, single pairs. . . . 35o
X r. I ¦ *1 *>K the two dayj, tin. 24o -I* I* -*•.•! values; fine srks, good patterns, reversible; Friday and
1/ b.zrso to 11, pair. . - 9***& Champion old stock, reg- • |- u •:.' ' . •£ Saturday only, each . . . . V . ". l J'."-; 7 . . '.35©
i l^gi^ipp WMW^W^s2.To; 1 1 ? :!: I **»'* gou sm^m rf g t ?.^ *
i ,tv;e.si Z =s8^toii,pair5/.5O ¦ • \ \: Ij *'l H • ? hght ground, with smah figures, separate link cnlts . . .
i MissWsizesof'.bove-ii* :c ,7, Club Cocktail, - A sorted _ bcttle AU ; J. ; . . . . $1.OO
X pair .... . • • ¦ . • $1.75 Choice T.Ve Wi^-'cab.met,* Marjau? .H! >f. h 'f Half-Wool UntterWQai— A'ao Balbriggan. sum-
% Ladies' Patent Colt (Words— Lice « Sinterae; gaQon . . .... . 82o ,LO- "tiOJ-w. mcr goods that will fi: and wear well; per garment. 75 O
X styie, light extension so e, military J- H- Cutttr Whiskey— Bott!e. . . 7Oc Correct D«llj— Tns narrow widths, to wear with curing scia. ... SOo
$ hee's, , neat street shoe for summer '^tJ t^X^^ $ LZt, Slenders- Good ones, broken line,, pair . . 2 5o
X W ear, well worth $3. pair $2.5O gaEon 52.75, be tte 7 So toys' Golf and Ncglife Shirts— Madras and percales. .> SOo
£-«**** ******* •+'*+¦**+*¦***** Mi**** '****'«-+'* •«'4t*4A'*'A'*'**4i*-4t4***A vxxxxx* ****+'*sc*x**'****x***m:********+ ******** "***>
AJVESTTSTiyPiffTa.
H Brand M
li Evaporated M
II Greani If
K4 besrs the abcv- cs? label. J|i
|p food substance per can as Ma \
Egl It is smooth and perfect «§S
r>i because skillfully pre- E^M
J^i'% pared. . Its purity is W&k
liiPilgl Ify«tetfe
fc£lS5^~'~^E8Hs arefnbaishap*
gS'Sr k 1 , *j asp test work in the
P«inW» sa»»r nriiaji I .23 Vf
¦ Tt'.niet* Oa«t RMlajt... .28 «p j
Fi y *i!ta GclH FClttn "i cp
PmUi>w Gold Crom. 22k.. S.M op
PtlE:»M Porr*:»:a Crowat. 3 JO cp |
Pals Inn Erie** W«r« ...... 1.50 up
F«U Set of.Twti: 3.00 B p
Ftmflr* of tt* n'.eai'.t v«rk •«• im an
•c 6» «»<•= at :t* estnecc.
Hale Dental Co.
702 Market St.. Cor. Kearny
S visit DR. JORDAN'S qhcat4
2US-EBH OF ANATOMY?
£A :: n luzzrr tz. tot &ii», tj.zcs
_¦ i JL> — JK <" A - %v o*ne»e» cr 4 » y cra rT*c!»4 A
CJ3 Jjl c.i»»ic r-«""-'7e«r.-* it -£---,; V
/*5j3 1 -peea-at •¦ fw Celt Est 3* jtan. Q
0 h¥£*l C3 ' ttMttl-C'SeASES & «£« }
j^J?>»j . Cerr» :.aai £.-« *.id trr.r^j pririte. *
6 I Atttll I'"*™^ 1 ptnomltf or t r i^rr. A 4
8 7 Til CW» <» mry «a« iiiulcrtzfcn. \
V » j it* ritUHUfcE. iu:lu *«*«. (if
A 0 tr •»•!-¦«-•!«•« far mn) \
r D& JOBDAS<tt-O.KRKirkttSt.S.r. ¥
"""DR-PIERCES I
GOHDEN
MEDICAL .
OSSCOVERY
, FOR THE
I rSLOOD.LIVER.UJHGSH
DDTTCUUC FOR barbzks. ba-
BRUbHEb s^-ssasr-jss:
brewera. bookbinders. c*cdy m»k*ra. cancers.
<>-ers. flour mills, foacdrlea. Is-undrlea. p«j-er-
.hacrers. printers, painters. «hoe factories.
*• a £,;-=»-.. txT-mnfeT*. tannin, tailors.. etc.
BXrCKAKAjr BIOS, '
Bros& Xuo;&ctarexsv509 Sacramcsto Si. '
ATiUt-iRTTKULM IJIM'I'W
1 Summer Golf Shirts |
These shirts comprise the very latest summer
patterns. The grounds are white, blue, tan, green,
silver and gun metal, with stripes, dots or figures
in one other color that harmonizes.
The material is Garner's best percale and
v^..». .. madras, which insures
j^^p^^^^^V the permanency of co!-
t^^^^^^^^^^ ors a^ ter washing.
$l|«i '^ he f lt and finish are
the same as you. find !
ihirts^SoSavf sj
"&fe!|-rttf arate cuffs and others
liliili^i llil!i%i^l sizes i4 to i7 * Price
\^^^W^f^^^^sk • Out-of-tomn on/artOAKLAND, June 2.— The following
marriage licenses were issued: to-day
by. the County Clerk: Ernest H; Rus
sell, 28, Oakland,' and' Frances ¦, R.
27,, San Francisco; Charles
B. Bennett;, 26, Haywards,. and Char
lotte E. Rees, 26; Oakland; j Samuel J.'
Van 1 Ornum, over : 21; Pasadena; and
Catherine. M. Carlisle, over 18, Berke
lley; Oscar T. Barber, over. 21,, San
Francisco,. q.n&' Jakie E. Johnson, over
|18;. Alameda; Robert,, raj Cunningham,
'40, San Francisco,) aiid- Clara. M; Cun.
ningham, 34,. Rochester; N. Y.
Marriage ' Licenses.'
OAKLAND,. June .2. — Florence
Richards and; her actor husband, were
unable lust night to ; agree upon the
disposition to be made of their three
children and when .the '.final' order in
their divorce suit came to be made to
day in the absence of a stipulation
the children were taken -from the
mother and given to the father.
Loses Husband and Children.
. The City" Council to-night, in con
ference with Mayor Olney and City
Attorney McElroy,. discussed' the mat
ter of employment erf' special counsel
in the water rates suit. The names of
John Garber, m M. Fitzgerald and
I William R. Davis were presented; The
Mayor and ; City Attorney 'were chosen
to decide who' shall be selected. -Fur
ther conference will be held to-morrow
evening.
I I'twlifre this" new suit Is a good ¦ argument
in favor of pressing -the city's • appeal in tn«
Hart case. Thera- are many points- In' that
which we believe can. be finally adjudicated
with benefit to. the city in: this Circuit Court
case. The appeal- is being, carried' on. as rap
idly as possible.
Much stress is. laid upon the .Judge
Hart' decisioni the complainant set
ting forth the legal history of that
case In considerable. detail. r Concerning
that phase. City Attorney McElroy
said:
a second' million dollars as the estab
lished and "going" value otthe plant.
The cfltnpany claims a net Income
from the city of $595,000, and- alleges
that under the new rates its net iiy
come will figure only 2% per cent on
valuation instead of the 7 per. cent de
manded.
BERKELEY, June 2.— Mrs. Clara,
M. . Partridge has invited the people of
Berkeley to meet at her home, 2413
Milvia street, to-morrow evening to
discuss, a proposition to raise funds' to
equip an emergency Hospital. A num
ber pi accidents. that haveoccurredre
centlyhave shown that" the town needs
an institution of the kind' and an ef
fort will be made through the citizens
to provide one.
Proposes Town Hospital.
OAKLAND, June 2:— Erik Lind
blom, millionaire and Klondike
king, - has disappeared from Oak
land without going through the
formality of settling, a laundry bill
amounting to $74. Collectors and
Deputy Sheriffs have been on the
trackL.of. the king of the frozen north
for days, but he has succeeded in
dodging them all and making- his get
away unobserved.
A suit to. recover the. money was
brought a few days ago by W. E.
Dean in behalf of the. Oakland White
Star Laundry Association. Collect
ors were dispatched 1 in all haste to the
Lindblom. residence,, but he was
never in. A young woman always
answered" the bell and smilingly stated
that she, was not at liberty to- tell Just
where Mr. Lindblom could be lo
cated. To-day" the man of millions
is said> to have made good his escape
and is^ supposed, to, be aboard a
steamer bound for some foreign port:
Erik Lindblom Dodges Collectors and
J - Leaves' Oakland WlUiout Pay
ing the Debt. . "•;;';'¦
j OAKLAND, June 2.— The annual
picnic of St Francis de Sales' ' parish
will take place on Wednesday, June
29, at; Sunset Park. The committees
in. charge of the picnic are:
1 . General committee of arrangements — Father
Mc8w*wny (chairman), P. J. Hyan; D. Crow
ley, P. N. Hanrahan. R. Montgomery, C. F.
Chltholm, n. McFaddfn, E. Hogan. U Morlar-
Ity J Lamping, James - Keller. James. Coak
ley, Ni Gallagher. E.' DoUn, Ed Fitzgerald,
M. Swncer, C. Fleweger. Rev. Father Cull
(secretary). '
'-Committee on printing and advertising-—
P. N. Hanrahan (chairman), P. J. Ryan, R.
Montgomery, J. Kenney; C. F. Chisholm.
Commute* on prizes— N. Gallagher, M.
Spencer, J. Keller,. J. Lamping.
Committee en games — Rev. Father Cantwelt,
D. Crowloy, C; F. Chisholm, M. Guthrle.
Committee, on music— P. J. ; Ryan, P. N,
Hanrahan. E. Dolan.
St. Francis de Sales' Picnic.
MAN OF MIEUONS. REFUSES
TO SETTLE LAUNDRY BILLt
J BERKELEY, June 2.— Dr. George F;. Nut
ting, who was graduated from the medical de
partment In 1881, has been honored, by the
Royal, Society of England, which has conferred
a. fellowship upon him. The award to Or.
Nuttall l« distinctly complimentary to Amer
icans, for he is the first man from this country
ito be so honored. Dr. Nutting has been
'abroad. a large, part of his time studying and
-has lately acted as lecturer In bacteriology and
preventive medicine at the: University of Cam
¦bridge.. -.
j Eustace Furlong*, student assistant In pal
eontology, has gone to Nevada to search for
'fossil remains. From Nevada, he will go to
Shasta In the hope of exhuming more fossil
bones from the Shasta limestone : cavea.
.ProfwsoT- Edward C. Armstrong, associate
professor In French and: Italian at the Johns
Hopkins University, has- accepted the Invita
tion of the. university, to give instruction at
the summer school: He will fill the place that'
the death- of, Professor .- Mori us Spinello has
caused in the- summer school faculty. .
Ffr«t Carload of Meat Arrives — Cooks
I '¦ . and Walters Hold Pleasant
Smoker.
OAKLAND, June 2. — The first car
load of meat for the Co-operative
Meat Company has arrived in Oakland
and the market will be opened next
Saturday. The wholesale department
of 'the business will be located.at the
Produce Exchange, and . no retail
business will be done there. The
branch market at Seventh and Broad
way will 'be oj>en for business next
Saturday morningi This will be the
only retail shop at present, but later
other branches will be opened in other
parts of the city.
The Cooks', and Waiters' Union held
a "smoker" Tuesday night at their
local headquarters, the" occasion being
the special meeting called for the pur
pose of signingr an agreement with
the individual restaurant owners.
There was no chang-e in the agree
ment and the schedule of wages and
hours- is the same as> that of last
year.
Sanitary Inspector Stewart F. Gem
mell will be the guest of honor at- the
banquet which is to be given by the
Plumbers' Union to the Master
Plumbers'- Association on. Wednesday
evening, June 15, at the headquarters
of the Building Trades Council.
Policeman Mcrrick Suspended.
j OAKLAND, June 2. — Policeman
Thomas Merrick has been suspended
from duty . pending a- hearing' by the
Police Commissioners on a- charge? of
drunkenness; • • Sergeant ! of Police
Frank Lynch filed a report that he
found Merrick- intoxicated in the
Twenty-third; avenue lockup.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Edith Kornfleld to-day was. granted
a divorce from Nathan: Kornfleld ,on
the grounds of- extreme cruelty and?
willful neglect. She wax also given' the
custody of their children and. $15 'a
month alimony. (
Louise Wemmer was granted; a di
vorce to-day on a cross-complaint
from- Caspar Wemmer, who sued her
for divorce on the ground of unfaith
fulness. She alleged cruelty on h»s
part and won the decree.
Suit for divorce was begun to-day
by Ethel P. Carney against Joseph
Carney on the ground of failure to
provide.
Mary Grace Carr has instituted di
vorce proceedings against Thomas K.
Carr. on the ground of failure' to "pro
vide. , '
OAKL.AND, June 2. — Judge Ogden
to-day denied the petition of Charles
W. Poole for a divorcie from Elizabeth
K. Poole. The wife Is in the tn'sine
asylum, but was, represented' by an at
torney.
Charles W. Poole Loses His Suit-— Un-
happy Couples Would Be Free
of iBouds.
CANNOT DIVORCE
HIS INSANE WIFE
: There were no regrets and all arrived
promptly. The merriment began when the
game, of- "sued" hearts was Introduced. J3ev
eral games were played and the prize Nvus
awarded- to the winning, or rather IoBing,
bride-elect. It was. way Into, the "wee sma'
hours" before the nodding nine succumbed
to Morpheus' allurements and sought repose.
Naxt morning the girls enjoyed a delightful
breakfast, the table being prettily decorated
with rose leaves and maidenhair ferns. Straw
berries were served In dainty baskets, which
were later carried away as souvenirs of the
occasion; Just before the Jolly party dis
banded a basket, which apparently was filled
with rose leaves, opened as If by magic and
showered the bride with eight pairs of lace
and silken hose, gifts of the bride-elect's girl
friends.
Miss Burrell's guests were Miss Agnes
Fcrgle. Miss Pink Forgte. Miss Alma Nolan,
Mis» Helen Fuller, Miss Jess Spongier, Miss
Clara Hoagland. Miss June Chapelle and Mrs.
Laurence Spancler. -
. OAKLAND. June 2.— For originality and
general uniqueness the "dove party" given by
Miss Helen* Burrell last Saturday night, with
Miss Agnes Forgle, as the motif, would most
certainly' be awarded the proverbial confec
tionery. Mlifs Forgle is contemplating matri
mony, and as so short a time — next Tuesday
is the weeding day — of her bachelor girlhood
remains. Miss Burrell- planned an entertain
im-nt for her friend, that is still being talked
about snd enjoyed all over again by the nine
merry participants.
; In the. first place arrangements were made
to accommodate the guests all night In Mrs.
J. V. Bun-ell's, artistic little flat on Thirteenth
street, and- then quaint invitations in versa
(sent to the chosen ones.
DOVE PARTY.
CO-OPERATIVE MEAT MARKET
AVILIj OPEN SATURDAY'
.Stanislaus, King of Sarmatla, John Donohuo;
Edmund, the rightful heir. E. McAllister;
Prince Rudolph,- accepted heir, Elmer Lord
Oberto; an honest farmer, George Nolan;
;Elvlno. son of Oberto, Arthur' King; Starron,
. vlllalnoiiK confident of the Prince, Edmund
¦Keller; Kalaig' a reduced gentleman, an up-
; right man, John Griffin; Molino, a villager,.
Gregory Hasan; courtiers, Marino, Kent Plnnl
gan; Cernano. Frank Greely; Dorlo, Matthew
• Rudcn; guard?, Urso. Georg« Divine; Marco.
.William Whitney; Frank, a servant. Edward
O'Brien.
The- principal, featurp of the even
ing's-entertainment was the presenta
tion of a three-act drama entitled
"The Rightful Heir," by the boys of
the institute. Following is the cast of
characters:
OAKLAND, June 2. — The closing:
exercises of the boys' department of
St. Joseph's Institute at West Oakland
were held this evening in the audi
torium adjoining St. Patrick's Church.
After a musical* and literary - pro
gramme the Rev. J. B. McNally, pas
tor of the parish, delivered an ad
dress on "Catholic Education,"
Closing. Exercises of Boys' Department
Held in St. Patrick's Hall, West
Oakland. *
PtfPlIjS OF ST.. JOSEPH'S v
INSTITUTE GRADUATE
.-¦ -"
Oakland Office. '£an Call,
• - 1016 Bro;julv«ay, June 2.
. Mayor Warren Olney hv*s decided to
Brpear before the UnltW States Cir
iu:i tlourt aSonftrf the ccwivisel fcjr the
« Uy'in vhe water rates litisa-tion. The
Mayor \Vill make a personal answer in
it he suit, and besides, he purposes to
actively 'assist in the defense of the
City Council. This decision was reached
to-day after his Honor had read the
bill of complaint that has been filed by
the Contra Custa Water Company.
The Mayor explained that he Re
lieved it to be his duty to assist in the
litigativn as he felt that he was famil
iar with many detail* of the water sit
uation in Oakland that would be of
value to the city in meeting the claims
ut the wat^r company. Mayor Olney
b!so said that the service he should
render in the case would involve no
t oet for fees upon the city, as he would
he acting .as the official representative
tf-th€ city of Oakland, which, with the
City Council, is a named defendant.
After consultation with City Attorney
McElroy'a decision will be made as to
what the city shall do en Monday, the
time pet for the hearing in court on
the order to show cause why an in
junction should not be issued to pre
vent enforcement of the new rates. The
city -wilL ask for a continuance of the
hearing that sufficient , time may be
pranted in .which- to prepare the affl
¦ davits in response to the order to show
<" ause. The drafting of tnese affidavits
avlll necessarily- consume . some days.
\\ •'„* TWO CAUSES,
• The action brought by the water
company involves two proceedings. The
*fir*t applies to the injunction applica-.
ti«Ki*-and the -other goes to the main
cause — whether the jiew rates are un
just and mean a confiscation <rf the
¦water company's property.
Concerning tfifi case. Mayor Olney
eald to-day:
In view cf rrV position b.t Mayor I feel that
}Fhoul<i appear 'at «>oun**l. in the litigation.
»hairnl* an »*ffid.T.vit in my own bchair and
vhatl render all ' B«=lstahc*> possible in tlie
c»«e Hf-lir-p. Fatitined that the City Co-mcil
fca» acted fairly and justly. I'am ready to join
with the City Attorney In this suit.
His Honor also pointed out that
charges hah been made against him in.
the. complaint, touching his - attitude
toward the campaign for municipal
ownership of a water plant. These al
legations iwintouf that the market
%alu.e <if the Contra Costa Water Com
pany's stock fell from an average of
$75 a~ share during the three and a half
> ears "ended December, 1903, to $35 a
ebare during April, and May of ttiis
year. In its complaint the water com
pany, in this connection, recites:
• That" dnrtnjt the year 1U03 certain politicians
commenced an aritation in raid rtty of Oakland
In favor ofmunlrioal ownership of water
wortfy, and industriously and vigorously niiJ=
rppres^nted to the Inhabitants of the raid city
«.' -Oakland, sad particularly to the voters in 
the said city, the tru«? #nd actual value and
.ocnfijtlon of. the prt>pertT and watPT ri*.ht be
longing to and Ubed by complainant hi cup -
ptylnr B*ld cHjt and its inhabitant; with water.
• ed the present Mayor and Council all pledgea
themwlves ' before the election in' public
»pe*ci?e« -and othrrwl^f to reduce the rates.
• • • And <-otn i' la I nan t in' informed ami be
•, lipves that eattl Mayor and a majority of th*5
nifmbers of tbe t>M Council have threatened
tnd. intetiir to arbitrarily reduce the rates
which may be charred liy said ootnplainact
during th" Cucal year, and to make the rztes
tx» ur.reaj'Gnanly low that the value of ccm
platnant't? iiron»»rt3r will thereby be greatly
iTisened. to the' end that the said city of
Oakiar.d may purchase and acquire the same
at a -price far »»low Ita-real- true vs!u<*. and
that affiant 1* Informed believes that said
! '-t-'dutivn . v.-aa adopted and pawvd by said
• 'ouncil for the purpose of carrj'ing out the
aforesaid d*»ien a'nd throats
- ' VALUATION RAISED. .
- The' water company has raised Its
valuation $1,500,000 over the $7,000,000
allowed by Judge Hart in his decision
four ' years ago. It . now demands 7
per cent net on a gross - valuation of
$£,500,000. Including a'n allowance for
or prating •rf'xpenRes and taxes, a gross
income of $S. r .O',000 p.Ius $E2,000 for de
preciation-of, a grand total of $932,000 is
demanded. On the basis that seven
eighths' of this Income is to come from
the city -of Oakland the amount would
be reduced to $S15,SO0. ' The company
clalms that .under' the new rate of
gros« income, , exclusive of taxes r and
opeimtlng- expenses, -will be only $401 -
507. : . - - -*. '¦
' * It is decraretl that the city should
have Included in its valuation of "the
plant necessary to supply Oakland an
item of $1,000,000 as franchise value and
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS. .
Alanieda County.
THURSDAY, JUNE 2.
O. W. (or George William) McXeer.d to
Mary S, Williams, lot on E Una of Filbert
street 72 :« S of Twenty-fourth, S 33 by E
1CU, portion of lot », block 1, map of survey
of Northern Extension of Oakland, recorded
June 1, 1904, Oakland; gift.
Edward T. Planer (single) to Georga Wil
liam McKeand. same, recorded June 1, 1901.
Oakland; $10/
fiame to Henry and Lena Luebfteman, lot oi
E lino of Filbert street. 37:8 3 of Twenty
fourth, S 35 by E KjO. portion of W 100 feet
of lota 9 and 10. block 1. same map. recorded
June 1, 1004. Oakland; $10. >
William A. and Isabella Iltmtrr" to Ira
Vauphan, lot on W line of Willow »tre«t.
30:«>£ a of Lincoln S 25 by W W>, portion lot*
20 and 21. block T Toland Tract. Oakland ; $1».
Eugenie Roydor (wliiow) to Henry H. Her
itage, lot on N line of Sc&uyler place, 2»».!>l
E of Capp street. E 39.98 by N 177. lot ». Oar
dlner Tract, recorded June 1, l'JU4. Brooklyn
Township; J10.
Emily K. Latham (widow) to Nellie Entler
Clough, E 15 feet of lot 8 and W 2S feet uf
lot & block A, Latham Terrac*. deed and
agreement, Brooklyn .Township: $10.
A. F. Abraham (by James B. Barber, Tax
Collector) to Marie Knauer. lot 5. block B.
in Ston* Tract subdivision of lota 1 to 5. sold
to*State July 3, 1837, Brooklyn Townahip; $2«V.
Helea. W Wheeler tby sarao) to name, lot
10 block C. same, sold to same, Brooklyn
ToVnshij); $34.
Marie Knauer (widow) to L. O. ilorehoiuw.
lot 5, block B. same, Brooklyn Township:
grant.
M. Dlggs to same, rerecord 9C0 D. «6. lots :»
to ti. 10 to 12. block A. lot* .:. S. n and 14.
block B. lotB 1 to 3. 5. 6 and 12. block C. loss
1. 13 and 14. block D. lots 1, 2. 4 to «, bloc*.
E, same, Brooklyn Township, also any lot ur
Iot3 that I may own cr have inteieat in ir»
above i.arr.t-d tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Georgie B. Diggs (wifK of M.) to same, re
record 037 D. i:> same, Brooklyn Township;
$H>.
Solomon Silberberg to Babette or Beil»
Silberberg. lot on B line of Grove street. SO N
of Seventeenth, N 50 by E 10O, Oakland. al«n»,
lot on E line of East Twelfth street. 15O SK
from NE comer of E^.st Twelfth' and Polk
(now Twelfth. avenue). ME 25 by NE 150, lot
7. block 40. Bcardroan's map. East Oakland:
gift.
Charles Norman and Mary E. Wood to John
A. and Margaret Schreiner. lot on N line of
Laurel (or Twenty-fifth) street, 547 W of Tele
graph aver.ue. E 35 by N 10O. Oakland; $10.
Gershon A. and Ruth Baker to William
and Josephine Parrott, lot on W line of Myrtla
street, 34 S of Thirtieth. S .'53 by W 125. beins
portion of lots 23 and 2t. block B. Golden
Gate Homestead, Oakland: $10.
Blanche I. Ferry (single), by O. E. Hotchkisa
(attorney) to William Ogrton (single), lot 1A.
block B.- Oakland View Homestead map. dedi
cating for public use as a highway lands . on
W line of Oakland avenue. S from a line of
Flint Tract, etc.. Oakland: $10.
E. A. Dickey. W. A. Boacow and r>avid V.
Statiage to Charles E. Bancroft, lot 22. block
S. map AI»in« Tract. Oakland: $10.
N. A. and N. t". Heron (husband) to Sarah
S. Barstow. lots 32 and 33, block A, Teachers"
Tract. Oakland: $30.
Joseph and Elizabeth Potter to Newton
Benedict, lot on 9 corner of Eighth avenun
and East Fifteenth street. SW r.4) by SE 11<>.
East Oaklard; also lot on SW line of East
Fifteenth street. 110 SE of Eighth avenue.
SE 40 by SW 10O, block 50, Clinton. East
Oakland; $10. . •
Newton and Cornelia M. Benedict to Baldwin
Investment Company <.corpora.tiota), same a3
in deed' from J. Potter *t ux., East Oakland;
*10.
Margaret JC. Down (wldow> to Enoch Mor
rlll. lot on W line of Milvla street. l«0 9 of
Heamt avenue. S 3«.«9 by TW IK); lot 13, block
3. map Sea View- Park. Berkeley : $ft>.
- Alexander Murdoch (slngle> Jr> E. N. Ament,
lot on XW corner of Eases and 'Wheeler
streets, W 30 by N 105. portion lot 13, block
D, amended map E portion of Newbury Tract.
In plat 51, Rancho V. and D. Peralta. Berk**
ley: $10.
Jcnas I. and Addie R. Bowers to Hannah
A. Hyde- (widow), lot on S linw of Berkeley
way, 15!>.rj) E of Lottlsa street. E 3.1 by S
110 let 36 College Tract. Berkeley; $10. S.
Caroline Baudoin (widow) to the California
Chinese Mission, lot on N line of Addison
street 200 E of Grove » 30 by N 137:0. lot
11. block A, map block A, Twltchell Tract.
F B Yoakum fslngle> to O. J. Backu* and
A. B. Hlnckley. all interest In lot on K line>
of Stanford avenue, distant SW 105 feet from
Intersection with S tine of 5-acre tract fnr
mally conveyed to Mark T. Ashby Oakland.
SW from which. i<aid point being SW comer
of said 5 acre*; bears NW 14« feet distant,
th-nce SW 105, NB 22O.*>. KW »*.47. SW
17H to beginning, beine portion of plat . SI,
Kellerberger 1 !! map Ros V. and D. Peralta.
Berkeley: $10. •
Mary Hamilton (Callajrhan) wife of John,
to Mabel C. Needham. wife of P., A., lot on
W line of Arch street. 6O N of Cedar. N r;O
by W 134:6: lot 17. block S. resubdivlslon
portion Dlat T, M. Antlsell's map Villa Lots.
Berkeley, $10. \
Joseph and Louis Gregory to Ha Batteatf.
lot on W line of Cherry. 1!>1 N o* Bay View
aveniM, N 50 by W 150. lot S. block 13,
Warner Tract. Brooklyn Township: J10. " :
Amnsrt Wcihe to Charlf« R. Kirchrer, l"t
14 Elmhurst Park. Brook!j-n TownshiD; quit
claim deed: «J. ' ¦ - • .
Amy Rees single) to George H. Lee. all iti
tere« acauired under 020 D. 97. lots 1S4 t.»
187, mat* Rosa L--p Tract, Brooklyn Township,
quit claim deed: $1.
Enrico and Albina Bottini to Herbert T>.
Clark, W 25 feet of lot 4 In E half block- A,
lands;- adjacent to ncinal. Alameda, $10.
BERKELEY, June 2.— The largest
number of students ever graduated
from the^ Berkeley* High School received
diplomas at the commencement 1 'exer
cieea this afternoon in the Assembly
Hall at the High School building. Dr.
C. Sj Nath of the Pacific Theological
Seminary spoke the invocation and the
Rev. E. . L. Parsons, rector at St,
Mark's-<:hurch, delivered a short ad
dress. Dr. "W. W. Alien, president of
the Board of Education, presented di
plomas, to the following.
Classical eourw — Robert Blake. MaybelU
Brown. Sheldon Chen«y, Elinor Merrill, Bessie
Recardo, Maude Turner, Byron Underwood.
Literary course — Emily Ambrose, James
Blakenjore, Arthur Bolton, Raymond Bush.
Raymond- Clinch. Marguerite Daniel*. Mary
Downey, Dorothy Doyle. Ethel Dyer, Rowena.
Elston, Grace Hawxhum, Bourdon Holden,
Haztl Hotchkl«s. Annie Jewett, Maurice John
son, Robert Knox. Inez Matoer, Eva McClure.
Mary McClure, Ethel Morrin, Lillian Morris.
Nina Monroe. Perry Scott, Nena Schuman.
Grace Snow, Estoer Strphens. Grace - Thomas-.
Pearl Watkins, Helen Watson, Louetta Weir.
Dean 'Witter, Lena Schuman.
Scientific course — Bruce Barnes. Renwick
Breck. Malcolm- Kalklns, Burlington Carlisle.
Thomas Chase, Ensang Chin?, Carl Elkins.
Roth Haskell.i Sumner Hodges, Stephen Rust.
Oscar Kettenfach, Wlnftcld Matthew. Leon
Moore, Fay Morgan, John Navonne, Chandler
Otl« Clyde Powers. John Rice, James
Schaeffer. Thomas Steere, Francis White.
General, course — Julia . Andrus, Helen
Anthony. Adelaide Bangs, l/sa Bauer, Gladys
Chase Mabel Clay. Bessie' Cloudman, Nettle
Cohn. Lois Cbibaley, Bertha Dale, Helen
Davis. Nieholas Duggan, Hugh Dykes. Harry.
Estep, Marjorie Fargo, Fred Fisk, Leslie
GompertiB, Rath Green. In» Hughes, Harry
Jenkins, Lloyd Kruschke, Tsabey La Baree.
Roland Lamb, Sawyer Lane. Oliver Lansing,
Lela Leonard Beryl Livermore. Ada Lockt-tt.
Esther Maddux, Sibyl Marston. Charlotte
Mercler, Calla. Newlan. Olsa. Pausch, AJice
Powell. Archie Randolf, Gertrude Scott.
Doremus Scudder, Josephine Seaman, Iris
Seroy, Lynda Service, Robert Shu«r, Nellie
fetuart Evelyn Watson, Vinda Wiley, Mauda
Williams. Zl , _ ,
Limited course — Peart Bank, Hasel Cole,
Alma Demeritt; Hugh Downey. Irene Dyer.
Herbert Freuler. George Kerr. Marlon La
Baree, Beetle Maple. Olive Morrish. Katherine
Neill. Richard Schaffer, Oliver Wright, George
Yocco. _ . _ _ ,
Alnhieda Graduates.
ALAMEDA, June 2.— Diplomas were
given to twenty-three graduates at the
commencement exercises of the Ala
meda High School held to-night in As
sembly Hall. President Frank Otis of
;the Board of Education presented the
documents of efficient scholarship to
the class and Professor Adolph C. Mil
ler of the University of California de
'fivered the' address to the graduates.
Those who received diplomas were the
following:
Arthur- C. Alvarei, ' 'Margaret' Templetot*
Becker, Nina Belcher. Miriam Crozer. Jean
Dorsch. Mary Freda Dunlop, Emma Valliere.
Grass. Frieda Beatrice Hansen, Evelyn M.
Johnson, Helen Krauth, Pearl Locke. Alexan
der Mackie Jr.. Alexine Mitchell Stephen
Otto. Gertrude M. Plumnwr, Mlgnon M. Read.
"Wllhelmina Truman Sale. Rose Everalyn
Schmidt. Catherine do Carmo riearle. Urue
Spencer Myrtle Alberta Ward. Mar&urlte
Watts Winant and Henry Neal Young.
Names, of those who will graduate
from the several grammar schools to
morrow and who will then be qualified
to enter the Alameda High School were
given out by the Board of Education
to-day and are as follows:
Mastlclc School — Stanley Bchneman. Evelyn
Marian Boyce. Helen Brown. Frank D. But
ler. Gladys M. Dennis. Myra B. Rastman,,
Beulah Eileen Gee. Jessie M. Hall. Sydney S.
Hersprins-. Ruth Holt Harry Johnson. Paul
H Kuhns John B. Mallon. Spencer Mastick.
Vejja C. Miller. Grace Marlon Noble. Florence
Relfe, Evelyn A. Schmalez. Elizabeth M.
fearle Homer R. Spence. Marie Tardif, Linna
Thompson, "Minna C. Willins-
Wilson School— Violet Kith Kitchen. Alfred
Barber " Clarence Burkhardt. Ella Mabel
Heunjsch Hazel Lee. Marie. Marble. Dagroar
Johnson. * Albert l^e Hinds. Charles Kuchel.
Myrtle Maxwell. Elmpr Ellsworth Johnson.
Longfellow .School — Edmund Bourguignon.
Zoe Smith Augusta Elizabeth Abraham. Ma
rie M. Brandes, Emile Bruzzone. Gertrude
Serene Mysel.
"HaJght School — Lloyd E. Burton, Mary Hay
ward Teller Erna Charlotte Seeger, Mildred
¦L Dodge. Edward A von Schmidt. Edward
Kenneth Rogers, Louise Countlss. William
Lawrence Culbert. Clara Martin. Myrtle B.
Fisher Alfred J. Geldermann. Matilda ;Faro
sich. Cheater Edwin Dow. Wynnie Marie Mere
dith! Albert Brampton, Hazel E. Joyce. George
E Phelps.
Porter School — Harold Gray Cameron, Beat
rice. Edgar Stedman. Irene Hagy. Jennie Bor
denave, Charles O. Burrell, Harold Durney,
Minnie Belcher. Louise Radsrwill. Enoch Wls
ner Croxer.
Old Master Mariner Die*
BERKELEY, June 2. — Captain
Rafael Caspar Demoro, a master
mariner, whose early life .was full -of
adventures on the seas, passed away
at his home at 2S34 Telegraph avenue
to-day at the age of 69 years. Cap
tain Demoro came to California in
1S52, and eighteen years ago. after
his retirement from the sea, took up
his residence in Berkeley. He leaves
a widow and five children. ,-,-
Dr. T. C. McCleave Elected.
OAKLAND, June 2. — Dr. T. C. Mc-
Cleave was to-day elected visiting phy
sician of the Deaf, Dumb and Bluvl
Institute at Berkeley. He succe^.is
Dr. O. D. Hamlin, who resigned to -so
East.
Concert by Rowlands.
OAKLAND, June 2. — Clement Row
lands, who expects to leave for Eu
rope in July, will fcive a concert, at
Maple Hall on Friday evening, June
10. Mr. Rowlands himself would be
drawing card enough, but he will be
assisted by several talented singers,
including Miss Carolyn Crew, Mrs.
Carrie Brown Dexter and Frederick
Veaco of San Francisco. Mrs. Dex
ter's artistic work is familiar to the
public, but Miss Crew is not so well
known. It is enough, however, to
say that she has an exquisite lyric
soprano, which recently created quite
a furor when she sang before the
critical Wednesday Morning Club.
Mr. Veaco is a tenQr — in fact, one of
the very few real tenors on the coast.
LISBON, June 2.— A. treaty of arbitration
has been signed: between Spain and Portugal.
It conforms with article 19 of The Hague
convention.
MARTIN JURY DISAGREES.— AMAMEDA.
June 2. — Rudolph Martin, charged ' by Mr*.
Frances Hagrr with' battery, was tried In t ha
City Justice . court this afternoon and result
ed in a disagreement on the. part of the jury.
Martin had been accused by the woman of
wielding an evil Influence over her daughter
and «he alleged that when she went to j re
monstrate with him he ' battered her with . hii
flst».
time. Will Be Required in
Which to (M Affidavits
on Order to .Show. Cause
Oakland Office 1'San iVancisco Call,J
1016 Broadway, June 2. "
The? advisability of bonding, the city'^
of Oa Jcland for municipal' water worksj
was c'BscuFsed by Colonel'John P. Irish)
of this city snd E. P. E. Troy of San,
Francisco this eventng at Forester Hall;
before- the Oakland Common "Good A1- ;
liance. Colonel -Irish in' beginning: his«
remarks Bald that he wished-to contra-
diet a statement published in. a San:|
Fra^cJsoo daily that^e was to take the, j
affirmative on of this kind. <
"I would not have a city own a do*.
or a cat," he said. .'The .faction o«
gin-ercunent isto govern, and^govern-
mimt >1 *** no *»»««»¦ to be in-busi-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 2.
Oakland seems about to realize Its
ambition for a new hotel that will
combine not only commercial: but
tourist features. The project was
launched last week at the annual
banquet of the Oakland- Board of
Trade, and nearly $75,000 was then sub
scribed in less than ten minutes. A
committee o£ citizens is in charge of
thework lzing a stock com.
and collectl 8ubscrIptlons. This
headed b c H KIn
ori&lnator of the plan> and , nci udes
we,,. k Oakland citizens:
wnHam G Palmanteer, manager of the
nes^ # ,,.¦-.¦',. jf-Vi
Cbloncl Irish had come prepared to,
disc Uss rather the advisability of bond
ing *he city for public improvements,
and >Sa5 heartily in favor of this*
"Anj-thtag thar .will tend to beautify
the c.ty and make it attractive for sei/
tiers 1 am in favor of, he said. Parks.
schoofeouies and good streets are
necessary to an up-to-date city.
JVRGUES FOR CITY'S OWNERSHIP
\ Troy in \answeringr ' this statement
mid that Ite'was not against public
improvements, but he- believed mu
nhtipal ownership of water works to be
of the first importance, and -was pre
partvl to speak on this part of the pub
lie improvement scheme. "Your other
schenv* can warL A new City Hall is
not ¦ a necessity, but. by,common-con
sent ad adequate supply of water is a
public n>eed and Is. entitled to prece
deace overall other puWic improve
ments. lV-day only six of the twenty
nine- towiw-jrf over 100,000 population
in Great Britain receive -water from
cities of moite than »0,000 population
onljtwo hav«t private water works."
" ' •
\V1IAT OTH1CR TOWNS UEARXKD.
The speaker quoted from reports on
municipal ownership in the United
States to show ¦¦ that as an investment
it was a good thing. .
In reply Colonel Irish said^that most
of the reports quoted failed to prove
anything. In none of the cities in this
country could it be told what the water
really cost the cities, as deficits. were
charged to the general fund and the
ta-xpayers. ''If. however." you , want to
prove this, issue bonds to cover the
plant you are to establish'and let them
not be a lien on the property of the
city. I have' no objection to your try-
Ing this and seeing where you will
land."
, Central Bank; Isaac Requa, capitalist
'. and president of the Oakland Bank: of
. Savings: William J: Dlngee, president
» of the Contra Costa Water Company;
| Frank C. Havens, manager of the
Realty Syndicate; William G. Hen
shaw, president of the Union Savings
; Bank; E. G. Lukens, president of the
Judson Powder Company, and George
C. Perkins, United States Senator.
This commtttee has already got down
. to work and. announces that it has in
: sight subscriptions amounting to about
5250/000, or one-half of what is required
: to build the hotel. It Is, proposed to
have the full' amount where it can be
used before work is begun..
BOWDOIN' OOLLiEGE PROPERTY.
The general features of the. enter
prise have already been determined.
The proposed site is the former Mer
ritt property, a square block of land
bounded by. Jackson, Madison, Twelfth
and Thirteenth streets. This is now
owned by the trustees of Bowdoin Col
lege, to which It was. left by Dr. Sam
• uel Merritt. Bowdoin College is. far
away in Maine and has no use for non
productive property in Oakland. It
would rather have the money in hand,
and TV*. J. Laymance announced- to the
committee that he had secured an op
tion from the college upon the property
for $45,000, he to take his commission
out of that sum. The commission
amounts to $2000, and he offers the prop
erty to. the proposed. hotel company for
just exactly What the college has
agreed:- to take from him, $43,000. In
other vvrords, he. donates his commis
sion to the project.
j C. H. King last evening gave a din
ner to a number of prominent citizens
of Oakland, those present being- W. G.
Palmanteer, M. J. Laymance, W. B.
Dargie, H. C. Capwell, Charles J.
Heeseman, Bert Reynolds, Henry A.
Butters, Colonel J. C. McMullen, Dr.
H. G. Thomas, Charles E. Snook, J. C.
Klein, Frank C. Havens, A. H. Breed,
Erall Lehnhart and W. J. Laymance.
The hotel project was discussed from
different points of view, and it was the
unanimous opinion! of those present
that the movement should be started at
once. It was decided- that C. H. King
should be made the chairman of a com
mittee that would take the project in,
hand, Mr. King to. name his assistants
later. This was done this afternoon.
Within six months the Pacific Press,
the corporation that has proved a mine
-to the Seventh Day Adventist church
of this State, will be manufacturing
tits; wares: at Mountain View. A reso
lution) for this change was passedio
day at a business: meeting of the Cali
fornia Conference, of Seventh Day Ad
ventlsts. / ' ¦.--'. r-V-.-t."'
A building will be erected upon a
grant'of land" that has been made by
the people ; of ; Mountain View. As soon
as that building Is> finished the Pacific
Press will be moved from Oakland,
where it has been for twenty- five
years. It 1s proposed to dispose of
the old building at Twelfth and Castro
streets and also- th& church at Twelfth
and West streets.
The change is due to the sale of the
checkbook department of the Pacific
Press to a private corporation. The
church people in command of the pub
lishing company found that their con
tracts for checkbook tablets required
them to print many checks for saloons
and other questionable businesses' and
this was distasteful.
Acting on the recommendation of the
directors another resolution was passed
to-day calling for. the absorption by
the Paciflp Press of the California
Tract Society,, which has always been
a separate institution for the sale of
books manufactured by the Pacific
Press. By gelling its own wares direct
the Pacific Press people will save the
middleman's profit and thus make up
the deficit threatened by the loss of
the checkbook department. Hereafter,
only denominational work will- be. car
ried on by. the* Pacific Press. '. .
The report of the committee on cre
dentials, which was, adopted, recom
mended that 'the following named be
ordained' as ministers: J'. W. Bagby,
Andrew Brorsen, M. H. Brown, M. E.
Cady, J. O. CorJiss, D. T. Fero, C. M.
Gardner, E. J. Hibbard, M. C. Israel,
A. S. Kellogg, C. E. Leland, J. N.
Loughborough, Q. N. Marlin, M. N. C.
McClure, Isaac-Morrison, A. J. Osborn,
B. F. Richards, J. D. Rice. G. W. Rine,
H. A. St. John, E. D. Sharp, Cr"I*.
Taylor, M. C. Wilcox, A. Schlotte and
B. H: Howe.
The Lodi German church,, which was
organized, on May 24, was- admitted, to
the conference- by unanimous vote. The
church has twelve members and; thirty
Sabbath children.
A large part of, this afternoon was
devoted to addresses by members, of
the conference on the subject of health.
The speakers were Dr. B. F. Richards,
Dr. T. J. Evans, Elder J. E. Burden,
E. J. Bowen, Mrs. Anna Morrison, J.
F. Haynes, A. J: Bourdeau, A. J. Os
borne, Mrs. A. C. Bainbridge and Dc.
A. T. Jones.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, June 2.
FIRST STEP WILL
BE FOR A DELAY
Far and near she looked, watched,
and waited. One day, she says, a
psychic in Rochester, N. Y., told her
that Cunningham was in San Fran
cisco. Believing the story with the
fervor of a- devotee, she began inves
tigations and- finally discovered that
her former husband, still unmarried,
was a detective with Morse's agency
in- San Francisco.
She tremblingly wrote him the story
of her love; her long search; her
dream of: a reunion. Fervently she
implored him to recall the affection of
the long ago and begin life In mature
y^ars where they, had begun it in the
sunny hours of youtti.
The letter . deeply impressed the
lonely Cunningham, who had suffered'
in silence for half a lifetime, for often
in memory he heard the voice and
saw the face that had charmed him in
the long ago.
He could not wait to answer her ap
peaFby mail, but hastily replied to her
questions by a. long telegram — and
every answer was yeatf* -So it was- not
long before plans were madej for a:
Western trip, and on the shores of
the Pacific the old lovers : met "and
were married here to-day, brought to
getheras If by a- magician's wand.
After eighteen years of separation
under strange - circumstances, Robert
S. Cunningham and Clara M." Cun
ningham, his child-wife of - eighteen
years ago, were reunitecf at the altar
here to-day.
They were children together "at
Portland, Or., and he was a man of 22
years, she a child: of 16" when the first
marriage made them one. The cere
mony was without her parents' con
sent and they had' the marriage an
nulled. Cunningham, was broken
hearted and his: girl-wife "was. miser
able. But in time, their families and
they drifted apart and years sepa
ratedithem; from their great sorrow.
Often, in happy; dreams 'the young:
woman" heard the footsteps of her hus
band's return, and to discover him and
take up again the broken threads of
affection became- the passion of her
life.
-Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
10161 Broadway, June 2. , ¦
Delegates of the Church
Work Out Soine Important
Changes at Tent Meeting
Clara Cunningham Invokes
Occul t Aid to Regain
the Love of Her Youth
Option on Merritt Property,
Now Owned by Bowdoin
College, Has Been Offered
Largest Class That Has
Ever Been Turned Out
in the College Town
fl Would Not. Have a City
Own a Dog ; or ¦¦ Cat," Says;
Colonel John P. Irish;
WILL DRAW TOURISTS
DIPLOMAS
AWARDED
Cliief Executive Will' As
sist at the Defense of
the New Rates Schedule
in United! States Court
REASONS PRO AND CON
PSYCHIC GAW HER CUE
GWE UP A DEPARTMENT
Child-Wife; of; Many Years
Ago Remarries; Husband
and Fulfills Life Dream
Commencement Exercises
Held in AJameda and
tlie Berkeley Institutions
Great Hostelry Projected'
by Leading Citizens and
Muck Stock Is Subscribed
Oaklanders Listen to a De
bate on tie Question
of Municipal* Ownership
Plant Belonging to Cali
fornia A(lventists ? Con T
ference Gets Xe>y Home
MAYOR WILL
APPEAR IN
WATER CASE
OLD ROMANCE
FINDS ALTAR
VOTE TO MOVE
PACIFIC PRESS
DISCUSS PUBLIC
WATER WORKS
PLAN HOTEL
FOR OAKLNAD
MANY GRADUATE
FROM SCHOOLS
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN-. FRANCISCO CALL, -FRIDAY, JUNE 3,, 1904.
}. O'GARA ARRESTED.— OAKLAND," June 2.
— Walter. O'Gara was. arrested' for perjury, to
day, the; charge •: being that, he swore that
Mary I Dunning was. 18 years of age when i he
got a- marriage license, though be knew- she
i was younger. I ¦ \ ' »-^r ,
INVESTIGATING BCANDAI^-OAKI/AND.
Jun<j 2. — The Grand Jury, mef U>-<Jay=-and
took : up the Investigation ¦ of .the scandal In
relation to the printing of ' the' Frultvale. pub
lic schooli William Grubb, a" School'. Director,
Is charged with- having collected a discount on
{£• work given out by him.
A^quiet wedding 1 was celebrated at
the, gt- Francis Hotel: last. evening, the
contracting parties being Alexander B.
Hill, a capitalist of Petaluma, and Ada
C.-Falrbanksj sister o£ Colonel Fair
banks, a. banker, of. the* same" city. The
marriage ceremony Was performed by
the- Rev, Dr. Ad amp.
Marry at St. „ Francis.
_ OAKLAND, 'June 2.— Frank G.'
Taylor has been arrested' on a charge
of stealing a watch from- the Rev. J:
Schneider's residence, 526 Sevi.tteenth
street, oh Memorial ; day.
Charged WlUi Theft.
6
ADVESTISEMEKTS.
Skia Diseases
«f the mo.<t stubborn and chronic kind
arc promptly relieved and eventually
cured by the use oJ ' -
This powerful germicide is ab-
solutely harmless. It has cured
I ca^es pronounced incurable and
• uiir cure you: By killing the
germs that cause skin diseases, it
allows Nature to restore a healthy
skin. Used and endorsed by lead-
• ing physicians everywhere for the
last 12 years. Booklet on request.
Sold by leading drnfjpists or- trial
bottle sent prepaid on receipt of 23 cents.
61 O Prince St., New York.
ADVEETisEaaairra. ? . •
' M^^M § * S l^ e °^ t^ le h 0 " 56 * 10^' f° r without
£ ir^K ' **" no a PP^ ness can oe complete. How
ISPsiili m^ 1 G&$ sweet e picture of mother and babe,
.Liy ePfcaEKS?' Ej angels srriile at and commend- the
¥^35&k H 1353 thoughts, and aspirations of the mother
'KfWIl'ii"" Wb bending- over the cradle. The ordeal through
fH fcjj p K _- K^ which the expectant mother must pass, how.
\gj£/ a MSB ever » is so full of danger and suffering that
she looks forward to the hour -when she snail
feel the exquisite thrill of motherhood "with indescribable dread- and
fear. Every woman 'should" know that the danger, pain and horror
of child-birth can be entirely avoided by the use of Mother's Friend,
a scientific liniment for external use only, which toughens and render*
pliable all the parts, and' •—-"—-».
great crisis in perfect safety . B II L23 B U W
and without paiS. Sold at $i.cx> per &P 195& E! BBS Ek E| B&fc.
bottle by druggists. Our book of priceless t gOf | ST 1^3 l|»
value to all women sent free. Address tfw Q I? W&i u H
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLA.%T>.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083. ;
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMJEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alametla 4592.HEARTY HONORS ARE SHOWERED
ON MAKER OF GOLDEN GATE PARK
WASHINGTON. June i— Herman S. Petti*
bone. SI years old. a son of former Congres?-.
man A. II. Pettibche of Tennessee, committed
suicide to-day by taking poison.
An ~ affidavit bearing the signature
of H. L. Andrews, financial secretary/
of the Brotherhood of Painters, Dec
orators and Paper-hangers and con- j
taining a statement to the effect fh.-'t
the election of H. F. Sheehan as pr»¦.-»
ident of the organization was brought
about by the stuffing of the ballo.t -box
by one Fu\lerton, was filed yesterday
with the County Clerk. The affidavit
*«! to be used in the legal proceeding-* .
brought by Sheehan against C. E. '
Russell and the other members of the •
union who bolted and formed a new
organization.
Says Fullcrton Stuffed Box.
Judge Advocate of Bijr Court-Martlal
Cases Is Relieved From Arduous
Duties Here.
Captain Clarence C. Dentler, Twen
ty-fifth Infantry, who has been sta
tioned here for the last year at army
headquarters, leaves for his post at
Fort Niobrara. Neb., to-day. During
his stay here Captain Dentler has been
Judge advocate in several big court
martial cases. Captain John J. Brade
ley, Fourteenth Infantry, will take
Captain Dentler's place.
Major Birkhimcr, who was operated
on last week, is reported by the sur
geons at the General Hospital to be
recovering rapidly.
Lieutenant Colonel Leonol O. Par
ker, retired, now stationed at Ord
Barracks, reported at headquarters
yesterday.
Mrs. John Bigelow and heV family
will leave during the next few days for
the Yosemite Valley to spend the sum
mer with Major Bigelow, now sta
tioned there in charge of the First
Squadron of the Ninth Cavalry, who
are the patrolmen of the park.
Companies C, H, D, and M of the
Thirteenth Infantry went to Rodeo
rifle range yesterday in command of
Major Black
The Third band artillery corps -will
render the following programme at
the Presido at 3:30 p. m. to-day un
der direction of Chief Musician Ar
mand Putz: Overture, "Turco in
Italy." Rossini: waltz. "Babbie," from
"The Uttle Minister." Furst: selection.
"The Serenade." Herbert; duo, char
acteristic, for trombone and piccolo,
"The Elephant and the Fly," Kling:
excerpts from "II Trovatore," Verdi;
march, "Fall in Lane," Rosey.
CAPTAIN C. E. DENTLER
GOES TO JOIN REGIMENT
Strange Plight of a Young Girl.
Antoinette Mayder, a pretty 14-year
old girl, was locked up in one of ¦ the
cells of the Emergency Hospital last
night by Patrolman Lance and booked
for a public Institution. The police
man said he took her from her
home, 413 Broderick street, acting
under Instructions from Detective
Bonner. Her mother did not want
her child to be taken to a public In
stitution, and said that Bonner told
her he would have the girl placed in
a convent.
EIJXTS 1Y)UR TISACHERS
IV SCHOOL DEPARTMENT
Board of Education Assign* Peda
;r<>£iies to Regular Position and
Grants Certificates.
T'ne Board of Education yesterday
adopted a resolution providing that
the following teachers having served
their probationary term of two years
or more and being favorably reported
upon by th.eir principals and the
deputy superintendents be elected
n-gular' teachers in the San Francisco
School Department: Miss Margaret
Noon. Miss Mae O'Donnell, Miss
«;eorgiana G. Hawkins. Miss Helen M.
Hogan. •
leaves of absence were granted to
Mrs. H. W. Gray, May E. Mower,
Dorothy Vogelsang and Annie E.
Hutks. "
. The following teachers* certificates
we're granted:
Grammar school — Charlotte A. Branch,
ricrence Moloso. Siora E. Bonneville. -Helene
1/ u'.h Hof.nghoff, Marl* F. Donahue, Irene
«"«rrcll. Anna Harter, Claelr O'Connor, Mm.
A^r.i*' Plmmer.and Jcffle O. Eareckson.
High Schoot certificate renewed, Levl Bow
man.
•Jraicraar rrade certificates renewed — M!m
V. I* Brard. Miss Agnes M. F. McDonald
Mr*. J. E. MacNlchoL
Primary certificate renewed, Mita Nora Pur
i:rton. '
¦ Kindergarten, primary certificate. Hiss The
o.;.,ra Collymore.
J>nr.anent grammar grade certlflcat* Mrs.
;.^rc»rct Hayburn Uarulre.
Alaska Excursions Season 1904.
Land of the Midnight Sun, Glaciers
and a thousand islands en route. Inside
passage. Seasickness unknown. The
palatial excursion steamer Spokane will
leave Seattle. 9 a. m., June 7, 21. July 6.
19. Aug. 2. 16. For Information, apply
to Pacific Coast S. S. Co.'s Ticket Offices,
4 New Montgomery et. (Palace Hotel)
and 10 Market st. C. D. Dunann, Gen.
Pass. Agt., San Francisco. •
Henry Wadsworth, receiver of Ep
pinger & Co.. yesterday filed two suits
against the London, Paris and Ameri
can Bank. One of the suits Is to re
cover $23,699 deposited with the bank
by the Eppingers between June and
October, 1903, and. the other Is for
$83,099, the value of 1.516,000 grain
bags, which the plaintiff says should
be turned over to him by the insti
tution for the benefit of the creditors
of the Eppingers. (
Sues Bonk for Money.
john McLaren, who was the
guest of honor at the
BANQUET.
High honor was paid John McLaren,
superintendent of the parks of San
Francisco, last evening in the mag
nificent banquet tendered him in the
American hall of the Palace Hotel.
Representatives of every class were in
attendance to show the gratitude they
feel for the man who has made Golden
Gate Park what It is. Good feeling and
friendship were the keynotes of the en
tertainment. Never has this beautiful
banquet hall presented a more exqui
site appearance. The tables were load
ed with a wealth of American Beauty
roses, whose perfume filled the air.
About the side walls and gracing the
tall Ionic columns was foliage from the
park, reaching almost to the ceiling
and ending in long sprays of purple fox
glove blossoms. The guest of the even
ing received his honors in modest fash
ion. Enthusiasm marked the entire
entertainment, and the spontaneity of
applause was something seldom seen
at a banquet board.
Andrea Sbarboro was chairman of
the evening. His introductory remarks
were in part as follows:
"Our guest is going to Europe and
this is a little send off. He will come
home in a few months and again re
turn to his labors. We have the pleas
ure of honoring this esteemed gentle
man, who has for the last twenty
years been working to improve our
great park and by his intelligence and
natural genius has transformed these
sand dunes Into the most magnificent
park in all the world."
Replying to Sbarboro's cordial words,
Mr. McLaren spoke as follows:
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen: First let
me thank you for this eplcndld reception. I
cannot for the life of me account for it. . I
have done nothing but my simple duty, and
that very imperfectly. It certainly will en
courage me to do In the future my very best
to serve you while 1 am retained in. the park.
Any one else with the encouragement I have
had would have done as well and perhaps
a great deal better with the encouragement I
have had from the grand men who have i so
faithfully -and Intelligently served you as
Park Commissioner!", men who have studied
and planned lor the Improvement of our parks
and squares and who have given you th,elr
best Judgment freely and unrelftshly, many
tmies to the neglect of their own valuable
Interests.
I eay that under such favorable circum
stances no one could fall to accomplish a
great deal. It Is to the Park Commissioners
much more than to me that you are Indebted
for what has been done for the Improvement
and embellishment of our great park. I have
been fortunate also In having associated with
me many active and Intelligent foremen, who
each In their several sections took great in
terest In the work.
Then again we have been very fortunate
In having In the Mayors' and Auditors' chairs
Gentlemen who took a warm Interest In park
affairs, in every instance recommending all
thi money that the laws and the charter al
lowed. The Supervisors each year gave us
encouragement and asslEtance by voting large
appropriations for park Improvement, and our
citizens generally, by their Interest and en
couragement, helped materially In the work.
So you see !t was practically Impossible for
any one to fall to do good work.
It certainly ' has been a very pleasant and
agreeable work I have been engaged In, study
ing and . planning the Improvement of our
parks and squares, and one of the principal
reasons for my going abroad this summer Is
to collect data and study systems of park
improvement, to that in the work of Improv
ing the new lands that are set aside as jiarkj
we may be more familiar with matters per
taining to parks and how to improve them. .
. • NEW PARKS NEEDED.
, Speaking of an improved park system, I
hope that when the next bond Issue Is voted
on a larger amount than was allowed last
time will be Included, as our outer districts
are poorly ' supplied with open spaces. The
most pressing need, of course. Is In the older
districts of the city, where very few acres
have as yet been set aside. The district south
of Market street should have a large park of
at least 1&0 acres, east of Twenty-fourth
street; that between Twenty-rourth street and
the county line one of at least 500 acres and.
of course, the Twin Peaks. But when the
Twin Peaks question comes up again • I hope
the wooded hill behind the Affiliated Colleges
E. N. Willberg, a licensed surveyor,
who made a survey of the Lee property
on Sutter street, between Jones and
Leav«nworth, resents some of the
comments made by City Architect
Shea on his report and has submitted
the following communication to The
Call:
Editor of The Call: Referring to your ac
count of City Architect Shea's report to the
Hoard of Public Works in the case of the
trespass of Mr. Lee's building on Sutter street,
between Jones and Leavenworth, in the col
umns of The Call of June 2. I wish to note
an exception to the wording of the architect's
report. Alluding to private surveyors and
tbelr cheaD work City Architect Shea should
t« aware of the fact that the discovery of
the encroachment of th« Lee bulldlns on
Sutter street was made by myself, a licensed
surveyor, when I surveyed the adjoining lot
for building purposes.
As the architect and surveyor of the Lee
building disputed the accuracy of my survey
I advl'ed the owner of the lot I surveyed to
also employ the City Surveyor to verify the
building line, and he did so. with the result
trit the City Surveyor's and my finding* were
almost Identical.
I have now only to add the Information for
the benefit of the public that licensed sur
\eyers a re not private surveyors, but public
lard surveyors, whose works are Just aa
official as city and county surveyors' work,
b-cpuse according to the statutes of Cali
fornia, every county surveyor must be a
licensed surveyor. ' and private lot surveying
was net contemplated by the new city charter
as a part of the City Surveyor's official duties.
And o» to the cheapness of the work, of course
we cannot compete with the City Engineer's
department, as they have the city treasury
to draw on In case the schedule of charges
ft insufficient, which Is generally the case.
Very respectfully your.. WUXBERa>
Licensed Surveyor. 20% Kearny st., room 4.
Takes Exception to Part of the Re
port Submitted by City Archi
tect Shea.'*
VVILLBERG SAYS HIS SURVEY
OF PROPERTY" IS CORRECT
Ladles are cordially Invited to visit the
new gas range and heating department
of San Francisco Gas and Electric Co.,
416 Post st.. now open for inspection. •
The relatives of aged Jane Davis,
the sister of Samuel Davis, the recluse,
who died here recently, leaving an
estate worth nearly $1,500,000, do not
want to have H. M. Anthony appointed
guardian of the aged heiress. In op
position to Anthony's petition for let
ters of guardianship filed yesterday by
Mary Stone, a niece of Miss Davis, and
other relatives, it is alleged that An
thony Is not a friend of her aunt; has
never seen her and is not a fit person
to serve* as her guardian. She asks
that the Mercantile Trust Company be
made Miss Davis' guardian.
Ask Court Not to Appoint Him
Guardian of the Aged
Heiress.
RELATIVES OF MISS DAVIS
ARE OPPOSED TO ANTHONY
The Santa Ke has the lowest rate and
I* st service to Yoscmite Valley. To
'.;-'lders of round-trip Kastern tickets
over any line, and to their friends ac-_
<"mp«.nyinjr. they make a rate to Yosem
:»<¦¦ and return of S25 SO.
A trip through the giant sequoias, the
bipgpFt trets In the world, is included
w.nhr>ur«'Xtra charge.
Passengers are taken into the Valley
ooe way an«J out another, over the "Dou
ble Loop." without extra charge.
Tiie scenery, on the Santa. Ke is far be
y<tr.<3 Ifcat o.n any other rpad to Yosem-
Ite.
Ask for folder at Santa Fe office, 641
Marktt etreet. •
CII11AP RATES TO YOSEMITE.
$25.90 There and Back
Ths committee recommended the
building of a sewer in Duboce avenue,
east of Church street, and Florida
street, between Twenty-fifth and
Twenty-sixth, and the acceptance of
Pierce street, between Union and
Green, and Cedar avenue, between La
guna and Octavia streets.
The Supervisors' 'Street Committee
yesterday reported in favor of paving
with basalt blocks Vallejo street, be
tween Battery and Front, and the bi
tumlnizing of Stevenson street, be
tween Annie and Third; Jessie street,
between New Montgomery and Sec
ond; Minna street, between Third and
Fourth, and Hayes street, between
Larkin and Van Ness avenue, at a to
tal estimated cost of $21,700.
The committee directed the owners
of certain street obstructions, includ
ing twenty-two bootblack stands seiz
ed by the Board of Works and sent
to the corporation yard, to remove the
same forthwith or they -will be sold
at public auction.
Supervisors' Committee Favors Ex
penditure of Money for Bltumin
fzing Several Blocks.
RKCOMMEXDS IMPROVEMENT
OF CERTAIN STREETS
Any man would surely be no man at all If
ho did not appreciate me honor paid him by
belns present at the gathering this evening.
A man who has been In the public service
seventeen years and afterward finds that the
citizens appreciate his work Is receiving, tha
greatest compliment that can be paid - him.
About thirty-five years ago some public
spirited cltirens proposed that the sand dunes
should be taken -by the city for the purpose
of making a public park. If you will look
through the files of the newspapers you will
see that these men were 'called . crazy and
some attributed' their action to political mo
tives, but I do not think that men then real
ised that within thirty-five years from that
time there would be a competent man su
perintending that park, one who to-day Is our
honored guest, John McLaren. There must
be some sterling work in evidence to enable
a man to weather seventeen years of political
storm, no matter what party was In power,
and In the seventeen years to be- always
deemed a man who could not be replaced; and
I want to say that In the labor party, which
In only two years old, the same feeling does
and I hope will prevail. I ask you to drink
a toast to John McLaren and hope that when
he reaches his native land he will find that
An outer system of driveways and boulevards
should also bo planned. Beginning also at
".'¦in Ness avenue and Market street, follow-
In? lh» line of the inner circle and leaving
McDowell avenue at a point where' the line
oi Seventeenth avenue. If extended, would
crosn McDowell avenue, swing down the hill
to Baktrc Beach and around the cliffs to
Sutro Heights and the Cliff House, then along
t.he Great Hichway past Golden Gate Park
and alonz the Ocean boulevard to Lake Mer
ced, along' the southerly line of the lake to
the-* village of Colma, thence along the county
read around the point of San Bruno Mountain
to South San Francisco and return \by the
w;nd-protected bay shore road past Harry
Blankin's to Potrero avenue and Eleventh
street, where the drive would Join the ex
tended panhnndle, along which the drive would
reach the starting point at Van Ness and
Market, a drive of thirty miles.
Besides the main system many branch drives
wlli be laid out. For instance along the line
of lalals Creek from Army street to the vll
lutre of Ocean View, through the village to
Lake Merced, returning along the Ocean
boulevard, through the park and panhandle
to Van Ness avenue, to Potrero avenue, to
point of beginning. ¦
The association that has taken up the work
o;: beautifying and adorning the city should
have all possible encouragement, and when
Mr. Buinham calls for our ideas and sug
gtMions I hope that all will present to him
their best and give him all the assistance they
can. to th« end that when he has looked Into
our suggestions he will be assisted In his
work, and when you get his plans and sug-
Kettions you will have the very best that
skilled experience and good taste can possibly
sussest. £
Mayor, Schmitz spoke as follows:
will be Included, as It makes such a grand
background to Golden Gate Park. Next
should be included Lake Merced and its sur
roundings. These lakes are Indispensable, if
an extensive park system Is to be planned.
Sutro Heights, of course, must also b» In
cluded In the scheme. The only way to pro
tect such old landmarks as Sutro Heights is
for the city to acquire title to them, and the
only way also to prevent .the overcrowding
of cities is for the people to reserve a large
percentage of the lands from being bullded on.
The park lands reserved — the next question
that presents itself should be the connecting
of these lands by boulevards and parkways.
I-ast year a parkway was secured connect
ing the Presidio with Golden Gate Park. In
the next bond issue the panhandle scheme
should be revived; but. Instead of stopping at
Van Nfh avenue. It should be carried clear
across the peninsula, opening up and giving
breathing space in that thickly populated dis
trict b twt«?n Market street and the Potrero.
Another drive should be laid out connectlng
the park with the southerly Mission district,
by building up the rock canyon past the Alms
house property ajad down Seventh avenue to
the park.* As this drive would run across the
trade winds. It would be perfectly protected
and, with the parkway connecting the Presidio
with the park, will make a very good half
day's drive. Beginning at Market street and
Van Nfss avenue, driving north to Black Point,
past the newly, Improved Lobos Square by a
wide boulevard to the Presidio, around the
McDowell driven to Mountain Lake Park, over
the new parkway to Golden Gata Park, through
the park to the Seventh-avenue entrance, up
Seventh avenue past Lake Honda and the
Almshouse iir.d duwn Hock Canyon (before de
scribed) under the railroad to Bosworth street
and the Mission road, along the Mission road
to its Junction with Dolores street, along Do
lores street (whkh should* be run through to
the extended panhandle) and taking the pan
handle drive to point of beginning, would
make a delightful drive of flfften miles.
FOR MORli BOULEVARDS.
The Fire Committee postponed action
for one week on the proposed amended
ordinance to permit the erection of two
additional stories on semi-fireproof
building?, which are now limited to 100
feet in height.
The committee referred to the board
without recommendation the applica
tion of the National I^aundry Company
for a permit to conduct a laundry at
411 Sanchez street. Residents in the vi
cinity objected to the granting of the
permit in view of the proximity
of the Mission High School and the
proposed park to be purchased under
the bond Issue. The company produced
a petition signed by a number of prop
erty owners favoring the permit.
The method for the measurements of
the height of buildings under the or
dinance was referred to the City Arch
itect for revision.
The Joint Committee on Fire and Fin
ance yesterday recommended to the
Board of Supervisors the passage of the
amended ordinance reducing the height
limit of frame buildings from fifty feet
to forty-five feet. The reduction Is In
the line of better fire protection, espe
cially in the so-callcu lodging-house
district on Bush and Pine streets; and
was favored by the Fire Commission
ers, Board of Fire Wardens and insur
ance men generally, some of whom
were present at the meeting to urge
favorable action on the amendment.
It was stated that the only protest
ants against the change are the lum
ber dealers, and their objection is a
purely commercial, one, as the lessened
height of buildings will reduce the lum
ber bills materially. None of the lum
ber dealer*, however, appeared to voice
their protests, and the committee ruled
that the objection as stated is not a
valid one.
\\ hich Is deemed a necessity, and the
b'iard vill be unable to hire an at
u.rney, as it had intended. All this
data uil! be submitted to the Mayor
for his information in his course on the
budget.
< ut $7740 from the allowance for the
snniUiry corps alone and will result In
•inirg a'.vay with the three deputy
health officers and one assistant city
physician. There will be but three
l^umbinp inspectors instead of four,
and the food inspectors will be re
•iuced by one. The small apportion
ment for expenses will not permit of
th«? purchase of a portable sterilizer.
amounting to between $300,000 and
JiOO.000. could thus "be utilized for im
provements if the special l^vy for
fu hools would be put into effect after
the charter Is amended in that re
gard.
The Health Board yesterday pre
•pared a statement showing: that the
appropriation made in the next mu
nicipal budget will result In a deficit
in all ' of the departments under its
control. The Supervisors have only al-
Icwed JW.600 for the central office and
the board asked for $TS,?10, which
n>ans a deficit of 517.610. Last year
$71,550 was allowed, making a differ
ence of -J10.3S0. ' The appropriation will
President Roncovierl stated yester
day that after mature consideration be
an;! his eolleaijys had arrived at the
conclusion that the special levy should
be outside of the dollar limit. He
points to the fact that the Board of
•Supervisors has already discussed the
advisability of submitting a charter
amendment providing for the levying
• »f a special tax of 10 oents for public
•improvements ar.d that it would be
.wiypr to make the schools the bene
0ciuy of such a plan.
It is the consensus of opinion that
the p<N5ple would almost to a unit vote
for the charter amendment for a spe
cial tax for schools and it is doubtful
if the amendment for a special tax for
improvements would carry at the polls,
as every one realizes the importance of
properly maintaining the schools. It
is argued that the usual appropriation
tr.ade by the city for schools, now
The determination of the Board of
Education to petition for the submis
sion to the people of a charter amend
ment to provide for the levying of a
sredal tax for the maintenance of the
publlo school department, as Is done in
The oaae of the parks and library as
related In these columns yesterday.
M^aa the topic of conversation yester
day at the City Hall and In educa
tional circles generally.
It was at first the intention of the
board to have the amendment so word
ed as to inclnde the special tax levy
of 10 oents — or whatever rate subse
quently agreed upon — In the dollar
:imit as specifically provided In the
charter.
be is ¦till dear to the hearts of San Fran
cisco.
Gavin McXab said in part:
1 will say "By their works ve shall know
them." We have b«en showing every visitor
to San Francisco the works of this man, Mr.
McLaren, as our principal chieftain of mu
nicipal genius. There has been not a single
scandal In all tils years or administration.
Under his direction millions have b;?n ex
pended toward maktnjr the park beautiful,
and neither malice nor partisanship has sugr
gettcd the corrupt use of a single dollar. What
would San Francisco be If «rvery municipal
department was run on the game basts?
The greatest municipal genius that existed in
San Francisco was in the person of Horace
Ha we b. Another to whom San Francisco
should raise a shaft so htKh ait to kiss the nun
is Frank McOoppln. Succeealng these . has
come th« man of this evening, who. provided
by them with poBSlbUltleM. ha» produced re
sults. When an artist paints a picture it is
hun«r upon the walls and millions of eyes
may fenst upon Its beauty; when a statue Is
uncovered, even though the artist who carv?d
It may be forgotten, the makers of great works
are put among 1 the immortals and cherished
by men; yet what great artist or sculptor
placed befor; mankind such a panorama of
beautiful flowers and trees, foliage or water
fall as that which extends from our city to
the sea ? This man changed the waste of
cands Into beauty — John McLaren. "
John McN'aught, In a short speech
that was heartily applauded, referred
to McLaren as the "Napoleon of
park^."
Other speakers of the evening were
Frank Symmes, J. B. Keinstein, S. H.
Kent, A. Altmaiv, E. C. Priber, Lewis
H. Bylngton, Dr. J. Wilson Shields,
J. D. McGilvray, F. W, Dohrmann and
Mr. Stinson.
At the conclusion of the banquet the
guest of honor was presented with a
beautiful album. The presentation
speech was made by J. S. Webster.
IJST OF GUESTS.
The following guests were present:
Andrea Sbarboro. Frank J. Sullivan. Judge
Hebbard. W. A. Cook. Robert Bru<*e,
Robert Park, George St. John Brenner.
W. R. Katon Andrew McNalr. E. G.
Dennlston. John Kentfleld. Owen McHugh, Jo
seph Gray, John H. Robertson. Varney W.
Gaskill David Dalziel, E. J. Clinton. Wallace
A. Cook, Thomas McNaught. J. C. Moffat. H.
U Tlckner J. F. Brady, J. M., Baker. J. B.
Bocarde T. J Crowley. Ivery 1^. Borden. AV.
J. Simpson, F. G. O'Kane. Jan/es W. Bonney,
John Reid, James P. Taylor. George *=.
Lackio. T. C. Wilson. Charles Kydd. A. C.
lialllnyall. George A. Smith. Robert Reid.
Archibald Reid, James Toung. S. C.
Lawson, W. Rennle. R. Dewar. A. Wilkie.
W M. Stevenson. George D. Cooper, David
Kcrr Byron Jackson George Bennett. Dr. C.
E. Beeb.?, R. F. McBean, R. D. Colquhoun.
Dr. E W. Westphal, L. Patterson Ross, N. D.
Bell Llppman Sachs. F. P. Sherman. Grove P.
Ayera. John L. 'Dare. Isador Jacobs, A. A.
d'wVneona Joseph M. Cummlng.
J George Lelbold. George Fllmer, Thomas
II. Browne, E. K. LUienthal. Leon Sloss. A.
M Shields D. McPhee, Charles E. Tallmadge.
W. K. Jackson, Theo. Watson. W. J. Watson.
F. A. Week, Colonel George H. Wallls, John
Tuttle. P. J. Hendy, J. M. Wilklns, George H.
Plppy. L. Grothwell, A. E. Castle, Frank H.
Ellis Dr. P. de Vecchl. Colonel A. Cerrl. P.
C. Rofcsl. D. R. McNelll. Dr. J. Wilson
Ehlels, David Bush, Samuel Irving* William
Watson, Thomas J. Welsh/ George L. Custer.
William Balnaves, George U. Hind, Jam<-.i
Rolph Jr.. V. Chapman. Walter Sutton, Henry
Scheper. George Weir. P. Degan, C. Freese,
H. H. Lynch, Harry N. Gray. C. G. Toung,
George Fredericks, John Metcalfe, W. H.
Stewart. Herbert SchmlU, Joseph M. McKenna.
James de Succa James Brltt. William
Broderick. D. F. Webster. J. C. Fyfe. J. S.
Wtbster Jr., Don Sutherland, M. F. Rosenfeld.
H. R. Young. A. M. Bender, F. J. Koster, J.
S. Webster, Henry Eckhoft.
George O. Balcom. John F. Farley, John D.
McGllvray Jr.. H. C. Banks. E. J. Bates, R.
B. Hule. Charles E. Hodges. P. Noble. M.
Camerlno. C. Polk, John D. McOllvray. Allan
Pollok Dr. R. H. Cool. W. T. Sesnon. J. M.
P. Jackson Jr.. John C. Dornln. W. B. Ham
ilton Charles W Fay. Carl West^rfeld, John
Connor J W Sillier. E. B. McN'ear. A. B.
Magulre, Ira B. Da Glel. W. B. Morris. Sum
ner Loop M. F Gale. Alex. Huey. Ben F.
Hawes, John M Duncan. James W. Reid.
Judge F W. Henshaw, Rudolph Herold Jr.,
J C Klrkpatrlck. John- M. Harper. S. H.
Hunt' Frank J. Symmes. Johnj McNaught. John
Mel.ane Gavin McNab. Hon. Mayor E. E.
Schmltz' Hon. A. Altman. R. M. Lloyd J. B.
Runsteln F. W. Dohrmann. E. C. Priber, fa.
H. Bylngton. Dr. C. M. Armisfad. Dr A. P.
O'Brien. Thomas Blnney. R. P. Rlthet. Charles
W Howard M H. McAUUter. \V. S. Kittle.
Donald Y. Campbell. Robert Watt. C. C Mc-
Dousrall. George Leonard. F. W. Marvin, J.
P. Fraser Charles Stallman. Henry C. Norton.
p] Livingston Dunn. * _ _
Mission Residents Induce
Fire Committee to Make No
Recommendation to Board
Bednced Appropriation for
Health Department Will
Cut Out Some Employes
OBJECT TO A LAUNDRY
WILL LOSE POSITIONS
Supervisors in Favor of
Eestricting Frame Build
ings to Forty-Five Feet
Board of Education Favors
Independent Tax Levy for
Maintenance of Schools
WOULD EXCEED
DOLLAR LIMIT
HEIGHT LIMIT
TO BE REDUCED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE" 3, 190f.
Function on Eve of
Departure for
Europe.
John McLaren Praised
by "Citizens at
Banquet.
7
COOK BOOK OFFER TO:
CLOSE AUGUST
30, 1904.
The C-all's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on August
30, 1904, and nil readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fnll to place their order im-
mediately.
This splendid premium .will
be offered to Call subscribers ut
the exceptionally low rate of 50
cents per copy. Out . of town
orders 25 cent* additional to
cover prepayment of transporta-
tion charges. • •
Scissors Free To-Day to Classified Advertisers in Next Sunday's Call
'xfe Brilliant _^<|
j 'f: : -\ The beautiful and
§||||j|^ Successful
| •; . ¦ • f l^Vlj. /7 •¦•• '¦ * 5 a ra d»cal departure from the beaten
'¦¦^ : '\y^^0A'-''' : : t track in piano manufacture. The new
j .¦'¦:\\{\$ifiy} ¦ shapes and styles are not only more !
i .-. •'.•"-¦' --1» xW^jg-"- '.-"-:'v ! artistic and J>cauti£ul In appearance.
, j '.'.-.' • A \uVj|s ¦¦'•"•'" '• b ut are superior in tone quality and '
¦..'. "• 7 W\W.- Do not fail to see them. Call and
let us show you how you may own
one through our liberal terms.
¦ THE WILEY B. ALIEN CO.
931-933 MARKET STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Oakland, Sacramento, San Jose, Eu-
reka, Fresno and San Diego.
For aheet music and small musical instru-
ments' address the Mauvais Music Co., The
WHej B. Allen BulldiuK. San Kranciscp.
ii" Tii Mill Vi hi V f " ""' mill """"'""'ill 1
;¦ [
I want fo *ft the zoo tjic m * I \\
And the panyranu, to*. I I "' m
I vrant to look it rv»ryt(ilag t like. Ml I r\
I've heard o' the Plamnce ml I A
And the Cairo (iris that dance— MM • . ¦ / ¦
Say, 1 wonder if they'll have 'an ea the Pike' MM M I
—"A Ballad of the Pike," br WaEace Irwis. Copy- U i 1 m \
righted by Collier's Weekly. Pubhaaca ly pcrauMiaa. m II - J !3
W m m= EJL :' m. ',11
To St. Louis and Return jjm- / |
Mirli.lt.lt, Janr l,i, if, i6,n,l{, Jaly I, *.7,1, 11,14; Wtr irffL fl / .¦ JJ
Au(u«t (, 9,10,18,19, Sfptemb<r$,6,7,I, Octotxr J,4,$,6. W M /\ '^7
Return limit, ninety dap. I j I Bft'SSL <&\
Take the' Rock Island system ind you go /I U ll t^rK. Ms.
thro' wirhout change. Scenic or Southern f\ A \l |%!Mv$
Line, as preferred. Standard and tourist / V \\ u ] \ffiWf/f. '
sleeping cars; dining cars. Trains stop at / Vt^St \W/?'ffl
Main Entrance World's Fair. ' S I •Tl \fWtl
Full infenaatino on request. g \\ \7
yiTjtTnTrraCTrjfj Call or w.-ite B^« |\ V
J^VrtT-T sia. C- A RtTHI " ro » l> » D. P. A., ****""*V<ffiBgj^-^^V_^ •
gefjejj ASl IH 1 1 W*S 623 Market Street, J i '^--^"^
taaJ^ a-^6^*^^3) S*n Franciico.
BLATZ PAVILION. 1
Which Is One of the Picturesque Features in the
St. Louis Fair Grounds. "\' :
One of the most Inviting spot* on the main | In a stone's throw of the Blati Pavilion on
grounds of the World's Fair, and one'that In- the south is the landscape, or floral, ' clock. .
stantly Impresses the tired and thirsty tourist which is the largest timepiece in the world
of its Bohemian possibilities as a place for and one of the most novel features of the _falr.'
rest and refreshment. Is that unique structure A short distance to the southwest Li the Phil-
over which wave the flags and streamers of Ipplne encampment. The restaurant service,
the Blatz Pavilion. On a neck of ground Just of this place is replete with furnishings ami
north of the base of Agricultural HU1, on the equipment, and Blatz beer, "always the same.
summit of which stands the Palace of Affrt- good old Blatz" qf Milwaukee may fce had,
culture, and south of the Forestry. Fish and either fresh and cool frm the original keg or
Game Building, rests this rendezvous for the bubbling and sparkling In its bottled state.
tired .tourist. The Blatz Pavilion Is ISO feet Then there are lunches served, both hot ami
in length with" a west frontage of over 90 cold, and the usual refreshments that go to
feet In " architecture the classic stylo pre- make such a place all that it jhouM T>«. If
vails and the wide porch,es give the place an one prefers to sit outside and be served ths
Imposing outline, j The place Is a most Inviting wide porches afford a most desirable oppor-
haven of rest for the visitor. It Is centrally tunity as a viewpoint. The Val. Blatz Brew,
situated In the west «nd o t the main grounds ing Company of Milwaukee should score a hit-
and affords a most opportune retreat for the with its pavilion at the World's Fair. Tb«
tired sightseer who has traversed the fair place is -under excellent and widely expe.rl-
grounds from the east end on the. first tour of enced management at the grounds.— Kama*
Inspection to toe main exhibit buildings. With- City World.
; ' ADVroTISEMENTS ¦ ' w
fe^^S> Tlf E HATlW(»V CPRB FOR • iw- f \
:'<^roN5nMTION}^
aH "JM> OF SAmA , ***BAHA MM£*AL WATER. \\\W -j8
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, 'FRIDAY, JUNE 3, 1904.
reason.
A Chicago; ghoul, placed on trial" for an atrocity
committed in connection with the Iroquois fire, went
mad the other day in the courtroom, driven frantic by
the tormenting of a guilty conscience.- Humanity still
has somethingof good to its credit when even intuitively
it will rebel in insanity against the deviltry of. debased
ACCORDING to .the reports of our Consul at
Three Rivers, Canada, the merchants of the Do
minion are about to inaugurate a unique system
for the protection and advancement • of their * trade
abroad— nothing else, in-short, but; an unofficial consu
lar service, which shall be designed to do for their
business interests what the regular consular service of
the empire seems to fail of doing.. The Canadian Many
facturers' Association will, place in every^ foreign city
where Canadian commerce has a foothold p\id business
agents whose duty it shall be to perform all the offices
CANADA'S UNOFFICIAL CONSULS.
When he regained consciousness
after the accident his mind was that of
a child with strong receptivity. On
dlsc'oveting that he 1 could move his
limbs hi imitation of. his medical at
tendant he, crowed with Joy like a
baby and lashed out vigorously, cry
ing with annoyance when his move
ments were restrained.
. He could hot feed himself, get upon
his feet or walk. After he had learned
. Most remarkable psychological phen
omena have been observed In the
case of the Rev. Thomas Hanna of
Jenklnstown, Pa., -who has been un
der treatment in New York after be
ing thrown on his head from his trap.
His Three Selves.
An effort is to be made to induce the police chiefs of
the United States and of Canada to meet in annual ses
sion in San' Francisco next year.- By all means bring the
thief catchers along and have them here at the Height of
the racing season. Our worthy sleuths might then be
introduced to the crooks ; of the continent and the general
public would reap profit and some peace.
FEMALE MASONS— J., . Janesville, •
Cal. The Dictionary of Masonry says:
"The landmarks of speculative Masonry
positively excludes females from any
active participation in its mysteries, but
there are a few instances in which the
otherwise unalterable rule of female
exclusion has been made to yield to the *
peculiar exigencies of, the occasion, and
some cases are well authenticated
where this 'Salique law' has been vio-~
lated from necessity and women have
been permitted to receive at least ths
first degree. Such, however, have been
only the exception which have given"
confirmation to thei rule." In the case
of Hon. Lady Aldworth,* not Adolphu«.
she managed to remove a brick from •
the wall of a room where' a Masonic
lodge, No. 44, of Donerale, Ireland, was
in session, and she managed to learn
all about the first and se«ond degrees,
and when she was' discovered she was
initiated Into those two degrees. She,
being a woman «?f influence and cul
ture, profited by the lessons she learned
by stealth, and thereby Initiation, and
became a good, charitable, second de
gree Mason.- Mrs. Beaton was Initiated •
Into a lodge in Norfolk. England, and
Mme. de Examtralller "was initiated
into a lodge in France.
Townsend's California Glace fruits hi
artistic flre-etched boxes. 715 Market at,*
Special Information supplied' datiy t»
business houses and public men tor th«
Press Clipptn* Bureau (Aliens), 3J» rjZ
LCornla street. Telephone Mala 10U» «7
# ¦
The aged rascal who used the mails of the United
States Government as an implement in his scheme to
cheat gudgeons of their coin in wild-cat mining opera
tions must pass a period of punishment in San Quentin
for his pains. Meanwhile the Federal mails are ¦ still
open and the world moves merrily on. with its burden of
fools waiting to be plucked. A very large part of the
American public insists upon an inalienable privilege of
being foolish. . •
The little army of men who live and have their being
in the remunerative service of the municipality have lifted
their eager voices in loud acclaim and want a half-holiday
every Saturday. It is quite possible that they have speci
fied Saturday to round out a week of half-holidays. The
discernment of more than an ordinary observer is neces
sary to detect a full day's service for a full day> pay in
the City Hall.
The Board of Public Works is exceeding wroth at
what it is pained to consider an inadequate appropriation
to it of public funds for the next fiscal year. This ap
pears to be the first cheerful sign in connection with the
administration of . this municipal department, which on
times without number has indicated an alarming disregard
for the city's money. - Economy or wise expenditure
certainly is not an attribute of the Works Board.
FRASER RIVER SALMON— 8ub.,
City. Fraser River Is in British Co
lumbia, and the law regulating., fishery
in that territory says: "No salmon
shall be taken in any of the waters of
British Columbia between the 15th of
September and the 25th of September
of any year, nor from the 31st day of
October to the last day of. the fol
lowing February, inclusive."
COUNTY OFFICES— S., Naps, Cal..
In California no person is eligible to be
elected^ to any county office who at the
time of election is not of the age of
21, a citizen of the State and an elector
of the county in which the duties of
the office are to be exercised.
WOMEN— S., Napa, Cal. In the
State of California women are eligible
to hold any educational office. - There
is nothing in the laws of the Stats that
says that a woman shall not be ap
pointed to a deputyshlp. -*."-v-
"King Edward has been taken to
task by the London Times editorially,"
says La Marquise de Fontenoy, "for
his altogether too conciliatory attitude
toward the Irish people, on the ground
that it is likely to imbue the Inhabi
tants of the Emerald Isle with alto
gether fallacious ideas and hopes con
cerning tl*e policy of his Government,
and reminding him that, no matter
what his personal sympathies may be,
he is bound by the restrictions incum
bent upon a constitutional ruler, and
that the policy which will be followed
is 'that of a constitutional ministry
supported by a parliamentary majo"b»
ity.' Then the Times proceeds to des
cant . on the unwisdom of his saying
anything either to the Irish or about
then, since he cannot afterward 'de
scend into the arena of controversy to
protest against illegitimate" inferences
from his words to explain away ambi
guities and to correct misrepresenta
tions,' adding that under the circum
stances It is well to avoid giving the
Irish people 'a chance of plunging into
speculations so unfettered by rule.' Un
less I am 'much mistaken, this is the
first time since the early portion of
the reign of. Queen Victoria that the
London Times has ventured to thus
read a lecture to the sovereign. . In
those days the Times was continually
attacking the King's father, the late
Prince Consort, on account of his al
leged unconstitutional influence upon
the late Queen, to whom the abuse
caused much" pain and annoyance. But
since then the Times has always been
the first of the great organs of the
English press to champion the cause
of the sovereign against even any sus
picion of criticism. That the Times
should now have come out in this
fashion against the King is, to say
the least, remarkable."
Calling Dozvn a King.
A sadder and wiser mar»
He rose the morrow morn.
SADDER MAN— S., City. "Sadder
and wiser man" Is. from "The Ancient
Mariner." by Samuel Taylor Coleridge.
1798. The lines are: v:'
T Anszvers to Queries.
The thrilling stories which are com
ing home from the war tell of magnifi
cent bravery on both, sides! and ap
parently of deep religious sentiment In
either army according to Its faith.
Much of it sounds strange enough to
English ears, particularly the dedica
tions by the Japanese of themselves to
strange gods. But It was ever thus
in war. Dean Ramsay's famous time
worn story of the two old ladles of his
church is applicable to-day. "Was It
no' a wonderful thing," said one of
them, "that the British were aye vic
torious over the French in battle?"
"Not a bit," said the other, "dinna ye
ken the Breetish say their prayers be
fore gaen into battle?" "Aye," re
turned the first, "b%t canna' th«
Frenchmen say their prayers as
weel?" The reply was characteristic:
"Hoot! Jabberin' bodies, wha could
understan' them ?" — St. James Gazette.
French Prayers Futile.
BAKERSFIELD points with pride to the fact that
there are as many boys as girls in the grammar
grade of its public schools will, this year,
apply for admission to the High School. Heretofore in
.Bak'erafield, as in other cities, the girls entering the
High tchool have been much more numerous than the
boys.
. Why should there be fewer boys at any point who
appreciate the advantages of an education? Why should
the girls a.ee more clearly the good that resides in cul
ture? It is probable that, generally speaking, the boys
and girls have very little to do determining whether
they shall continue to attend school in the upper insti
tutions of learning after they have completed the gram
mar school course. The parents regulate that.
For this reason it is to be inferred that the fathers
and mothers of boys in Bakersfield, in this year of grace,
are wise in- their day and generation. Never have the
-benefits to be derived from judiciously directed study
been more evident.
Applied to the lowest and fundamental condition, it is
easily to be seen that assimilable information and, even
more than that, the habit of thinking in a definite direc
tion makes easier th r e earning of a livelihood. If the
boys leave school when they are very young the very
strong minded may succeed, but the majority are not
as well equipped to struggle with material conditions as
the girls are who remain at their books. In any city
the forward march of the girls into paying occupations
is noticeable. They win place by what they know and
what they can do. They are qualified to become con
fidential clerks, stenographers, teachers, searchers of
records, bookkeepers, and are found later in the per
formance of duties that not many years ago devolved
mainly upon men.
As" to the pleasures derivable from cultivation and asso
ciation with those of kindred mind there need be no
argument. Birds of a feather flock together, according
to an ancient proverb. Knowledge and general mental
refinement unlock so many doors to enjoyment, to
which they are the sesame, that whosoever learns will
strive to learn more. From any point of view, then, the
parents of/Bakers field, who are caring for the minds of
their boys as well as for their immediate /bodily needs,
are doing well. They are setting a good example for the
parents of boys everywhere.
WISE BAKERSFIELD PARENTS.
Sir Thomas Lipton is the generous giver of a cup to
be held as a trophy for the competition of American
yachts in American waters. Sir Thomas is evidently a
believer in the truth that to him that hath shall be giveri.
He can't lift our cup, so he will give .us another. Pos
sibly he wants to show some Americans at least how it
feels to lose. /
Come back!
My little lads, come back!
My little maids, wtth starched frocks; •
My lads, my maids, come back!
The poplar trees are black
Against the keen, lone, throbbing sky;
The tang of the old box
Fills the clear du»k from wall to wall,
And the dews fall.
Come back!
I watch. I cry;
Leave the rude wharf, the mart;
Come back!
Else I shall break my heart.
t .
Am I forgot:
My days as they were not? —
The warm, sweet, crooning tunes;
The Sunday afternoons,
Wrought but for you;
Tho larkspurs growing tall.
You wreathed in pink and blue.
Within your prayer-books small;
The cupboards carved both In and out
With curious, prickly vine,
And smelling far and fine;
The pictures in a row
Of folk you did not know;
Tho toys, the games, the shrill, gay rout;
The lanterns that, at hour for bed,
A charmed but homely red.
Went flickering from shed to shed;
The fagots crumbling, spicy, good, "
Brought In from the great wood;
The Dark that held you all about;
The Wind that would not go? —
Come back, my women and my men.
And take them all again!
Come back!
Come up the still, accustomed, wistful
lands —
The poplar-haunted lands.
You need not call.
For I Bhall know.
And light the candles tall.
Set wine and loaf a-row.
Come back!
Unlatch the door
And fall upon my heart once more.
For I shall comfort you, oh, lad;
Oh, daughter, I shall make you wholly
glad!
The wreck, the wrong.
The unavailing throng.
The sting, the smart.
Shall be as they were not.
Forgot, forgot!
Come back!
And fall upon my heart! - ?.**
— Llzette Woodworth Reese in the June
Atlantic.
The Old Home's Call.
Belasco and Long's "Darling of the
G«ds" is about to be withdrawn at His
Majesty's TheaUr, where it will have
been played for about 150 nights. Tree
will follow it w-Ith several Shakespear
ean revivals, by means of which he
expects to finish up the season.
At one of the chief London music
halls a King's protege is to appear
next week. This is Yvonne Lamor,
w'ho is of Spanish-Irish extraction, and
who will give a sort of musical mono
'-?sue- Mile. Lamor'a kingly protector
was, not Leoj>o!d, this time, but : the
ill-fated Alexander of Servia, When
the actress wan a girl the monarch
came to see her frequently at her fath
er's house in Madrid, "but never al
lowcd # her to suspect his true rank.
Finally. vrith her father's consent, he
««nt. her to the Paris Conservatoire
and then to Frankfort and Vienna. But
aerer, until in company with her fath-
pick: Com-, off. You didn't 'ave a
line In the . papers after Alexander's
show.
Tom: Didn't I? 'Oo said, "Keep
your 'air on," then?
Dick: I dunno.
"Tom: They 'ad it in the Telegrawf,
anyvay.
'Managers, however, have the remedy
for " this eort cf thing in their own
hands. They could snuff it out by the
simple American expedient of number
ins the seats In the gallery and selling
tickers Sor them- Just as they do for
the other rarts of the house Then
It would be simple enough to identify
boo-crs and other no'isy. ruffians and
refuse to admit them after one o.rense.
And th"ls wculd also do away with the
queues of -people waiting in all weath
ers for the gallery and the pit- Here
tofore, however, .the proprietors I Lon
don theaters have been' too penurious
to inaugurate such a reform.
DJck: Why, don't yer remember me
callhV out, "¦'Ow about organized ap
plause?" They've, all got that.
Tom : And I yelled out, "We want ter
get ier bed." It's In all the papers,
Harry: Of course you : did, an 1 so
dial- .
Tom: You did?
Harry: Didn't yer 'ear me? I *eld my
'ands like that and 'ollered fer all I
was worth. ¦
Tom: It was epoch-making, I tell
yer. What '11 yer 'ave to drink?
Dick: Small Bass, please. I say, the
papers 'ave done me proud, eh?
Harry: 'Ow d'yer mean?
IN THE PLAYBOOERS' CLUB.
"boo-ere" arrested at Sir Charles
"Wy'ndham's playhouse the other night
declared that although they disliked
Arthur Law's new play, "The Bride
end Bridegroom," most heartily, they
made a row because an actress who
had pleased immensely In. Wyndham's
previous production was not re-en
raged. The .fact that it Is "booed"
doesn't necessarily mean, either, that
a play is doomed. William Gillette had
a lot of this sort of thing to face on
the first .night of "Sherlock Holmes"
In London, but he played it at the
Lyceum for nearly twelve months.
Perhaps it should be observed that
some 'boo-ere" "boo" as a matter of
conscience. It Is a London first night
custom to "dead-head" all of the house
except the pit and gallery. The "ear
reft students of the drah-ma" seated
fn these r>art» declare that the stalls
and dress circle are in duty bound
to applaud a piece whether It be good
or bad, so Jf the pit and galleries deem
a* play to. I e. the latter t: e *Wieve
in voicing their opinion as loudly as
f^csEibls in order that the dramatic
critics may not be able to write that
the rJiece was favorably received.
Ry the way, Wie writers on theatri
cal matters are. largely to blame for
the abuse, greater even than "booing,"
that has sprung up in London lately.
Tor- some time, mixed up with the
"boos," there have been expressions of
opinion shouted Jrora the gallery and
these sorne of the critics have been
foolish enough to quote. As a conse
quence there is reason for believing
that the kind of Jibes with which
Wyndham was literally deluged the
ether night are now delivered by their
authors for the simple purpose of "get
ting into the papers" — a tendency
which the following skit, published the
ether day, hits off rather amusingly: ¦
'booed" off his own stage the other
evening, it Is being declared on every
land fhat sem>tk!ag must be done to
check this peculiarly Biitish means of
oipre^slr.s disapproval in a theater.
Probably nothing actually will be done.
The "pit-queue" has been threatened
many times with abolition, likewise
the custom of charging for pro
grammes — not to mention the censor
ship and the theater dinner that re
sults in fashionable folk arriving In
the middle of the first act; yet all
these drawbacks to play-going In Lon
don we still have with us. However,
it If rather" amusing to compare the
various opinions that, have been of
fered on this portentous subject since
the affair at Wyndham's. What is the
origin of the "boo" as an uncompli
mentary manifestation j no one seems
tc know, but it is a rare thing for
(he final curtain to fall on a London
production without some boos being
hoard. • And when the pit and -gallery
are really on the war-path, the bovine
pounds /that come from them are ab
eulutely deafening. The "boo," how
ever, may mean anything. Some of the
EEEADQUABTERS OF THE CALL,
> HENRIETTA STREET. COVENT
.'AIIDEN*. LONDON, May 22.— Since
= :r .Charles Wycdham was practically
Specie*. Com-Epor.denee cl Tte Call.
London Theater Xuisances.
"The agony I suffered when I real
ized my condition." says the victim of
this strange\ experience, "was beyond
all words to express. I was one of
two "personalities, but could not make
up my mind which one."
At this stage a most extraordinary
development took place. A third per
sonality, which Mr. Hanna believes to
have been his "soul," gradually estab
lished Itself. In this third state be
was conscious of the two others, and
for a lojig time the new "soul" strug
gled for mastery, finally absorbing the
other states of consciousness. Then
the mind and memory of Mr. Hanna
returned and his cure is now com
plete.
By progressively reducing the hours
of sleep, however, the specialist .at
length succede<Jjx narrowing the gulf
of transition separating the two phases
of consciousness until Mr. Hanna
would pass from one to the other
while awake.
Finally he led a boy life and an
adult life side by side, in the latter
showing himself an accomplished
scholar and-4n the former a child, but
in neither state did he remember his
parallel existence and if he- went to
sleep in one condition he invariably
woke up in the other.
At this stage Dr. Siddis. a noted spe
cialist, took charge of him and his
efforts to make Mr. Hanna remember
his former life were gradually attend
ed with success. First the patient be
gan to dream of his past and on awak
ing would mention names and places
without knowing their significance.
to stand he had to be taught to move
forward, which he attempted to do by
making high steps as if he did not
know where the floor was. Not for.
several weeks did he learn first to talk
and then to read and write.
The stage in olden times was more
closely allied to the church than now.
Thomas Betterton tottered off the Hay
market stage into a grave In Westmin
ster Abbey. He was old and crippled
with gout when he trembled through
his last triumph before a house packed
with great people, and in two weeks
the same great people were gathered
again in the abbey to see the actor go
dumbly through his last part. Here lies
Mrs. Bracegirdle, and here, too, Ann
Oldfleld, her rival for fame. Born in a
tavern, she went on the stage almost
before she was in her teens, and she
grew up a woman with a great gift and
no character. The ready dean of the
abbey found her a place when she died,
and Ann went to her grave as she
would have gone to a play.
One would not, sure, be frightful when or.e'«
dead.
And. Betty, give this check a little red.
Pope makes her say, and the actress
was laid in her coffin decked with Brus
sels lace and wearing new kid gloves.
The preacher in the abbey buried her,
he told the mourners, "very willingly
and with much satisfaction."— London
MaiL BCIHlPlfr - ¦-..—_ <. _
In the same company lies Aphra
Behn, the barber's daughter, who was
the first woman >to live by her pen in
England. She was a notorious and
scandalous person, fit for the court of
Charles II, who used her as a spy, and
some of her plays were the worst ever
acted. She delighted in her wickedness
and rests with the saints.
More bitter was the Insult paid to the
dead when Thomas Thynn was laid in
the abbey in 1632. He was an infamous
man, murdered in' Pall Mall by the
creatures of a Swedish Count who
wanted to marry Thynn's wife, a girl
three times married at 17. The men
were hanged at the scene of their crime,
where Waterloo place now is, and the
assassination is pictured in bas-relief
in Westminster Abbey, where the vil 7
lainous Thynn lies with Chatham and
Dickens and Wilberforce.
There would be room for all our
great men in the abbey if great men
only had been buried there. The doors
in centuries past were thrown open
very wide. The Duke of Buckingham
buried a Scotsman there for no other
reason than that he was his friend,
and on. the funeral day a dog was
buried in.Tothill Fields in public ridi
cule. Thomas Parr, though he did not
write priems, was not a poet, could ad
vance, at any rate, one claim to lie in
Poets' Corner. Was he not the oldest
man alive? That is reason enough,
clearly, why he should lie where
Shakespeare does not lie, and it was
reason enough in his day, it would ap
pear, why he should lie among our
Kings. 'M-j : .
Parr, if the inscription in the abbey
speaks the truth, was 152, and lived
under ten rulers»of England. He mar
ried again it is said at 122 and threshed
corn at 130. He began life as a farm
servant in Shropshire, and would have
died no doubt on his. Shropshire farm
if the Earl of Arundel had not un
earthed him. brought him up to town
by stages and presented him as a "piece
of antiquity" to the King. "What,"
asked Charles Stuart, "have you, who
have lived longer than other men, done
more than other men?" And Parr in
formed the King that he had done
penance in a white sheet when he was
100. Parr was exhibited as a curiosity
at a tavern in London until he died,
and in 1G35 the "old, old, very old man"
was buried in — Poets' Corner! He had
perhaps of.e other claim to the honor
than his years — he adopted the religion
of his ten Kings and Queens. He came
into this world raw, said he to Charles
Stuart, and he saw no good in being
broiled out of it.
John Broughton, if he had ever any
title to a place at Westminster, has
certainly not left it clear to his pos
terity. He was a waterman, who lived
through most of the eighteenth century
and revealed his bent for fighting and
knocking his brother down. He
knocked his brother down so well that
he left his "boat to become a "public
bruiser," and his booth in Tottenham
Court road was the resort of the elite
of the bruiser-loving fraternity. Tou
would have found even royalty there,
until one day when the Duke of Cum
berland backed him for £10,000 and
Broughton lost. The Duke never for
gave him, and though he had made
his -protege a Yeoman of the Guard,
he took away his patronage and left
Broughton to grow rich alone at his
theater off Oxford street. There he
fought ujftil he died and was carried
to his grave by five pugilists appointed
by himself. He has a niche in fame
asUhe father of prizefighting in Eng
land, and it is surely the strangest
claim that any man has ever had for
being honored in the most sacred spot
of English earth, among statesmen
and poets and kings.
It is a strange and startling com
pany that would fill the abbey if its
honored and dishonored dead could
wake up in the night. The son of
Charles Stuart would meet the daugh
ter of Cromwell: "William Pitt would
be standing, it might be. wjth a pugil
ist or a spy; Robert Browning would
be in the company of a writer of dis
graceful plays. Great and little, good
and bad, famous and infamous, meet
-at this shrine of immortalities. The
shelter of the abbey has not always
been so jealously guarded as it is to
day. Here, in the holy quiet of the
cloisters, is a monument to — a prize
fighter! Why it is here probably no
man knows — no man in the v.'orld
knows why some of the people buried
in the abbey should ever have been
there.
Should the Dead Awake.
The management of the Royal Ba
varian Court Theaters sends me an
announcement that the Richard Wag
ner and Mozart festivals in Munich will
run from the 12th of August to the 11th
of September and from the 1st to the
11th of August, respectively. Among
the artists already engaged are Ma
dame Milka Ternina and R. Van Rooy
of New York. '\y
er, she paid a visit to Belgrade a few
months Lefore his death, did Mile.
Lamor know that her munificent
friend was Servia's King. After he
died, she appeared successfully in Vi
enna and other European capitals. She
spent her early years in Ireland,
speaks English perfectly and expects
to make a success in London.
Property rights are Equitable rights, and a jury cannot
pass upon a question of equity. To make such a propo
sition and have it backed, as it was in 1896 and 1900, by
one of the great parties of the country, and to renew it
now, is evidence of the rapid growth of the anti-property
sentiment among the people caused by .the loose teach
ings of the Democratic party since it laid ._aside its
brains. The process has been a distinct advance into
socialism. The motto of that cult is "Property is rob
bery." If that premise is granted, property is not
titled to judicial protection, and allv property rights fall,
including the right of contract, which the courts hold to
be not .only a property right but the foundation of all
property.
A party that has this virus in its blood, as proved by
Mr. Hill's expropriation platform in New York and re
affirmed by this last utterance in Nebraska, is not a
party to be trusted with power in this country. Of
course all good citizens regret that this is so. Parties
are a necessity in republics, and their general purpose
should be so in line with the constitution as to make
personal and property rights safe, no matter which wins.
It is among the political vagaries of the day that Mr.
Bryan's platform. Which makes necessary the destruc
tion of the constitution, attacks President Roosevelt for
disregarding 1 "constitutional limitations." We have often
called for a bill of particulars to back up that charge.
It is one that the Democracy habitually makes. So fixed
is that habit that it denounced Mr. Cleveland, its own
President, for conspiring against the constitution and
striving to destroy that fundamental law. ' The charge
was as little true then as it is 'now. .But evidently that
is to be the campaign slogan of a party which proposes
to destroy every constitutional guarantee of the rights of
property.
Governments are instituted among men to secure the
inalienable rights of life, liberty and the pursuit of happi
ness. For that the constitution was devised and for
that it is administered. All men have under it the liberty
to acquire and hold property and have it protected.
When that right fails and falls the constitution is a dead
letter. 1
THE Nebraska Democracy set the pace in 1896 and
1900 and proposes to keep it up. In its State Con
vention Mr. Bryan ruled supreme. He wrote the
platform. and took his place upon it, as the leader of the
delegation to the National Convention. This means
that there will be no complaint of a dull time in St.
Louis^when he gets there. He is better seasoned than
in 1896, when he caused such a stampede as was never
before seen in a deliberative body. He retains all of the
gushing and impulsive quality that won his first candi
dacy, made more persuasive by his experience in hand
ling men. With him and Hill, and perhaps Bourke Cock
ran and the" Southern contingent of spell-binders, at
work the National Convention will be as lively as a
swarm of grasshoppers.
In the Nebraska platform he rewrites his long digested
views. He demands the continued issue of paper cur
rency by the Government, and that the silver dollars
shall remain as a full legal tender lien upon the gold
held by the treasury. This monetary programme is lit
tle less offensive than his free silver issue, and in many
respects has equal capacity to disorder our national
finances. He demands a revenue tariff, and proposes a
constitutional amendment for an income tax. The socialr
istic features of the platform of 1900 are reaffirmed.
These include the New Zealand and Australian plan of
government ownership of public utilities and that sys
tem of forced arbitration of hours and wages which has
helped make the Australasian colonies the highest taxed
countries in the world.
The most radical plank is that which demands direct
legislation by the initiative and referendum of course.
The party has been going rapidly in that direction. It
means a complete revolution of our constitutional form
of government by eliminating its representative feature
and practically abolishing its legislative branch. In its
working this plan will finally abolish the judicial branch
also, and leave the executive standing as the sole rem
nant of the scheme of constitutional government so
wisely and carefully devised by the fathers.
This radical, scheme is urged by the cry that the peo
ple are to be trusted, and by frequent reference to Jef
ferson's views on that subject. There is no evidence
that Jefferson ever contemplated such a system as di
rect legislation. He gave many signs of being aware
that the direct rule of the majority, by the plan now
proposed, would terminate the rights of the minority,
and of course thereby end a republican form of govern
ment.
It has been wisely said that Mr. Bryan's plan of di
rect government, consisting of an executive only, charged
with the administration of laws made in the ballot box,
would be a failure, if every citizen were as wise as Sir
Isaac Newton. The plan pieces in harmoniously with
the denunciation in this platform of the\ use of the in
junction to protect property. It is the final dependence
of property rights, as the habeas corpus is the final pro
tection for the rights of person. Mr. Bryan demands
that such issues as are now taken into the courts on
application for an injunction to protect property shall
be decided by a jury. The motive for such a demand
lies in the desire to prevent courts from protecting
property in labor disputes. If, in such a dispute, the
partisans of one side desire to enter upon private prop
erty and confiscate it by forcibly denying its use by its
owner, Mr. Bryan would submit the issue to a jury, of
course composed of the partisans of one side of the con
troversy or of their sympathizers. •
The shipping clerk nearly bit his pen
in two as he saw Mr. Blank shoot past
him to the store room In the rear. Like
a threatening storml cloud the senior
member charged back with an ax
swung at full poise over his shoulder.
There was a crash, a blur of words —
and then they told him about the new
phonograph attachment.
"Tou impertinent hussy, you disre
spectful young bundle of skirts— what
do you mean by—"
"Line's busy; call again."
"Well, no need of getting: so sharp
about it," breathed Mr. Blank, threat
eningly. "If you — "
"Line's busy; call again," came with
metallic persistency.
"Well, .do you think I can't hear
you?"
Mr. Blank's face twitched and the
crimson began to mount up into the
zone of his collar.
"Line's b — "
Now he has just paid the telephone
company for a new instrument.
Rfr. Blank, a sonjewhat irascible old
gentleman who is the senior partner in
a wholesale firm down on Front street,"
had just returned from a ten years'
absence from San Francisco, during
which tfme progress in the arts and
sciences here in the city of the hills
had gone on apace.
On the first day that Mr. Blank oc
cupied the office so long: vacated by
him, something happened.
"Give me Larkln 411, central," Bald
the senior member as he swung round
in his easy chair and 100K the tele
phone receiver from its hook. There
was a pause, a click and then came
the Answer: ••Line's busy; call again."
"But are you sure you got my num
ber?"
"Line's busy; call—" 1 i
"Line's Busy."
of a Consul in relation to trade and whose reports will
be embodied in the trade journals published by the,as
sociation.
The Manufacturers' Association has this plaint to
make as the excuse for their organization of this irregu
lar consular service: "Canadian manufacturers have
found themselves much hampered," says the associa
tion, "by not being suitably represented in foreign cities
likely to prove. trade centers for the Dominion. The
United States consular service, extending of course to all
foreign countries, looks after such matters and thus the
American manufacturer has long enjoyed an advantage
which Canada and even England does not receive, for
the British consular representative is still a diplomat
and not "a business man such as the United States is ac
customed to send out."
The projected move on the part of the Canadian
Manufacturers' Association will be an innovation in the
trade relations existing between British colonies and the
mother country, for it will signify that, the colony feels
justified, by the implied inadequacy of the British con
sular service, in becoming independent of the mother
country in the matter of trade reports from foreign
centers. The power of the association that fosters the
project and the extent td~which the system of paid agent3
is to be incorporated will make practically a rival corps
of unofficial agents to the regular consular system of the
empire. How the champions of the pan-British Zollve
rein in England will view this indication of sturdy inde
pendence on the part of the Canadians is problematical.
It would certainly appear that the merchants of the Do
minion feel able to stand on their own feet, irrespective
of Chamberlain's schemes.
Our fellow business men on the north cannot be
blamed for "going it alone" if, as they claim, the British
consular service is not adequate to fill the needs of
Great Britain and Greater Britain also. The compli
ment the Canadians pay our consular corps may be de
served now, but will be far more appropriate when Con
gress shall have organized our service upon the broader
lines of the merit system lof selection and promotion.
Then our country will have the excellence of British
consular organization, with the added merit of the fine
business practicability that has drawn the envious com
ment of the Canadian merchants.
BRYAN'S PLATFORM.
THE' SAN FRANCISCO GALL,
JOHN D: SPRECKELS, Proprietor • ....,.¦ ; .:. . Address All Commentations to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office .... .Third and Market Streets, S. F.
FRIDAY ..¦ .-.-. JUNE 3. 1904
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESThf Southern Pacific route to Tosemlte taken
one there. In the «ufest way. The stage road
from Raymond is oiled and smooth, and U
the only road that reaches the finest of the
big trees. If you want to ko comfortably,
ack about "the Rayraond-Wawona route" at
G13 Market street. San Francisco. •
The waterfalls In Tosemlte Valley are superb
this rear, the melting enow having swelled
all the streams to Immense volume. Thou
sands are enjoying the wonderful sight of
these falls, which thunder down from stupen
dous hrirhte.
Full Waterfalls 31ake Yoscinltc Clo*
rioas.
At tbe second session of the Grand
Circle of the Companions of the Forest
of America in Elks* Hall yesterday the
following grand officers were elected:
Mary Thoman of Stockton, grrand chief
companion; Mrs. C. Tucker of San
Francisco, subchief companion; Agnes
D. Bremer oT Alameda, grand financial
secretary; Mrs. E. J. N. Steinwigr of
San Francisco,' grand recording secre
tary; Essie Kragan of San Francisco,
grand treasurer; John J. Cordy of San
Francisco, supervisor of by-laws; P. H.
Coyle of San Francisco, grand mar
shal; Mrs. D. O'Callaghan of San Fran
cisco, right guide; Mrs. S. J. Flnnegan
of Marysville, left guide; Addle Bagley
of lone, inside guard; Bessie Waters of
Nevada City, outside guard; R. Kemp
Van Ee of San Francisco, grand or
ganist; Mrs. L. Power of Woodland
(chairman), Mrs. L. Baston of San
Francisco and Mrs. Mate H. Cart
wright of San Francisco, grand trus
tees. At a quarter to 6 the grand body
adjourned to meet again this morning,
when the business of the session as yet
unfinished will be disposed of. \
A large part of the day's sessions
was devoted to consideration of new
by-laws, and much . legislation of im
portance to the order was adopted.
Last evening a banquet was . given
the grand officers and delegates in the
Assembly Hall of the Alcazar building.
Covers were laid for 150 and every seat
was occupied. Supper was served on
tables garnished with roses, carnations
and ferns, and at the close Jacob Label,
editor of the American Forester Re
view, the offlcial organ of the' order,
presJded as toastmaster. Addresses
were delivered by many of the officers
and members of the order.
American Companions of the
Forest Elect Their Leaders
for the Ensuing Year
GRAND CIRCLE
HAS NEW CHIEFS
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., June 2. —
The Missouri Supreme Court to-day
decided that the State Board of Arbi
tration had no power to punish wit
nesses for contempt who refuse to tes
tify before It-
Lacks Power to Commit for Contempt.
"Go back to Jail ' till next Thurs
day," said his Honor, severely, "and
then I'll decida how^much longer you
are to stay there."
As she staggered away in the bailiff's
custody Mary expressed regret that she
had not forfeited her f 50 bail money.
"You've been drinking again," re
marked Judge Fritz as he glanced at
the flushed face and heavy eyes of
Mrs. Mary Galvin, the "Aristocratic
Soak," to whom on Tuesday he had
given two days' freedom In response
to her appeal for permission to see her
daughter graduated' from an out-of
town seminary.
" 'Deedno," expostulated Mary, val
iantly endeavoring to separate her
words and steady her wavering frame.
Thomas Moore was asleep in a
Chinatown gutter when Patrolman
Clancy scooped him in.
"I'll, hand It to you quite severely
to-morrow," said His Honor Mogan.
"I hope you'll get the limit for giving
the name of Erin's Immortal bard,
whether it's your correct one or not,"
growled Bailiff Hickey as he rudely
thrust Mr. Moore Into the "pen."
when his Honor pronounced Peter
guilty. . Then It developed that the
baseball belonged to neither of them,
but wa8 the property "of a third boy
who did not participate in the quarrel
at- all. Peter will be fined $5 to-day.
Ladies are cordially invited to visit the
new gas range and heating department
of San Francisco Gas and Electric Co.,
415 Pont st, now open for inspection. •
"George D. Collins, the attorney, yes
terday filed a complaint In the Su
perior Court against Adolph Ottin«;er,
the ticket broker, demanding Judg
ment for $2000 for professional ser
vices.
Collins Sues Qttinger.
The lawyers about town ask, "Why
this delay?" The charges against Col
lins have been made public. Their
transcription into legal form is not a
difficult task. Whenever the matter is
mentioned there is general interroga
tion. No one knows anything of these
charges apparently.
It is rumored that for some pause
or other the charges will not be filed.
None of the interested parties will
•vouchsafe any information. A Justice
of the Supreme Court said yesterday:
"I cannot see what has been done so
far except to give him (Collins) plenty
of free advertising." Collins stated
last night that if tlje accusation was
not presented within ten days he would
institute a libel suit.
Referring to the case last night At
torney Collins said: "I have been ac
cused by a committee and there the
case has ended. They have fired a
gun and hunted their holes. They
must file the threatened charges or I
shall sue them forlllbel."
Attorney George D. Collins has filed
in the Supreme Court his answer to
the expected accusation of the San
Francisco Bar Association. He says
he has done this to force his accusers
to file the threatened charges against
him and that he will sue them for libel
if they fail to do so. Collins' argument
is labeled, "In re Accusation Against
George D. Collins; Brief of Accused."
But where is the accusation? The
clerks of the Supreme Court have been
waiting until after the closing hour
for many days in order to be sure to
get the charges which are aimed to
disbar the attorney. The secretaries
have kept their rooms cleared of visi
tors in case the accusers wish to enter
their brief necretly. The Justices have
been perusing the answer to the
charges which have not been preferred.
The whole situation is anomalous.
He Says His Enemies Have 1
Fired a Gun and Run, but
Must Fight in Court
IS OX THE AGGEESSIYE
Gladys SL Clair corroborated all that
Rose Decker told Judge Mogan anent
the disorderly conduct of "Kid" Nash,
who was jilted by Miss Decker and
uttered dire threats against her life.
Miss SL Clair was described by the
prosecuting policeman as the "star
roomer" of Miss Decker's select apart
ment-house in the 200 block of Mason
street, and she seemed to enjoy the
distinction thereby conveyed.
"I wasn't in me right mind vr*en I
did de t'lngB youse say I did," said
Mr. Nash to his accuser, "an' dis bull
knows dat I wuz bughouse w'en He
pinched m«. Ain't dat right?"
'Miss Decker acknowledged that her
erstwhile consort's behavior was rather
irrational on the occasion referred to,
and the policeman testified to the same
effect.
"Tell youse wot I'll do> Judge," sug«
Mrs. Maud Inman of 119 Turk street
and Mrs. E. Ramft of 906 Market
street tried' to "have it out" before
Judge Mogan, but were prevented by
the admonitory gavel of the ever
vigilant and peacfe-preserving Hickey.
Mrs. Ramft rented a suite of apart
ments toyMrs. Inman, who gave vapor
baths and advice to neurotics in quest
o/ treatment and able to pay for it.
When Landlord Walsh intimated that
he intended to increase Mrs. Ramft's
rental that lady besought Mrs. Inman
to exercise her well-tyiown power of
suasion to Induce him to forego his
intention. "If you talk him Into let
ting my rent alone," Mrs. Ramft is al
leged by Mrs» Inman to have said, "you
can have your rooms rent free for
three months." Mrs. Inman immediate
ly Interviewed Mr. Walsh, who yielded
to her request, and Mrs. Ramft fairly
fell upon her shoulder and deluged it
with tears of gratitude. A month
later, however, Mrs. Ramft demanded
her rent, as usual, and pooh-poohed
Mrs. Inman's reminder of promised
immunity. Mrs. Inman refused to pay,
and when she returned from a brief
outing she found her doors locked and
all her effects in the hands of Mrs.
Ramft. So she began proceedings for
their recovery, and thfas It happened
she and Mrs. Ramft, each backed by
an able and eloquent pleader, came
near "having it out" yesterday in the
presence of his Honor.
The women glared at each other In
anger and laughed at each other in
scorn, and each openly accused the
other's legal adviser of excessive real.
His Honor fortunately found a way
oat,, by suddenly discovering that no
return had been made by the officer
who served the search warrant upon
Mrs. Ramft, and when he told the par
ties to take their contention to a Jus
tice of the Peace there was suppressed
joy in his tones.
Joseph McEvoy, who was held in $500
bail to answer the charge of embez
zling $200 intrusted to him as collector
for Reinhold Richter Camp, Spanish-
American War Veterans, was surren
dered into custody by his bondsmen
and is now a prisoner. Thomas Crow
ley, one of the bondsmen, heard that
McEvoy was about to leave the city.
Mary Fleming told Judge Mogan that
she was taking a walk to ease a pain
in her back when a^ policeman arrested
her at 6:30 o'clock yesterday morning
on complaint of Joseph Smith of 603
Natoma street, who alleged that she
had an annoying habit of haunting bis
dwelling with larcenous intent.
Soon after one of Mrs. Fleming's ma
tutinal visits, Mr. Smith said, he missed
an alarm clock which he had wound up
and set the previous night, and he
strongly suspected that she had taken
it, this suspicion being strengthened J?y
the fact that as she was passing a
neighbor's residence the inmates there
of were startled to hear a prolonged
musical whlr-r-r-r emanating from be
neath her wrap, while her manner be
trayed great perturbation of* spirit.
Mrs. Fleming denied knowledge of the
clock and disclaimed intention of taking
property not her own when she dropped
in at cockcrow to see the Smiths. Her
visits, she asserted, were solely of a
sociable kind, so far as she was con
cerned, although fhey were not accept
ed in similar spirit, but rather as in
trusions, by the Smiths. She will be
sentenced to-day for vagrancy.
When the case of former Police Ser
geant Reuben A. Wolf, charged with
having brutally asaulted Edmond Cob
lentz,^ a newspaper reporter, was called
in the court of Judge Cabaniss the at
torneys agreed that they were not
ready for the hearing. So the Judge ar
raigned and instructed the defendant
and set the trial for next Wednesday.
"It was a few minutes past mid
night. " ; Special Officer Canham testi
fied, "and I was standing at Sutter and
I*avenworth streets when these two
messenger boys came running — "
"RUNNING!" exclaimed Judge Mo
gan.
"Nonsense!" muttered Bailiff Hickey.
"Don't forget you're on oath," whis
pered Clerk Grey, warningiy, to the
witness.
The attorneys' table growled incredu
lity, and the Inmates of the "pen"
perked up and took notice.'
"Yes, running," repeated the officer;
"they were running; and running fast,
too, as they passed me."
Then everybody stared at the two
diminutive defendants, who fairly
shrank into their natty uniforms as if
they were ashamed of the traditions
smashing conduct alleged against them.
Bailiff Hiokey immediately opined that
they were amateur Mercuries.
The policeman went on to say that
after the boys had passed him he was
informed by a citizen, name not given,
that they had just burglarized the fruit
store of Emil Savio, at 835 Sutter street,
and that it was his duty to follow and
arrest them. He adopted the sugges
tion, and when he took his prisoners
back to the fruit emporium he found
that the shutters had been broken.
"We didn't burgle nothin'," said
James Itodela, eldest of the defendants.
"We wuz jist a * playin' tlck-tack
tock," was the defensive explanation
volunteered by the other accused, Al
bert Flick.
As the owner of the damaged prop
erty was not present to tell whether
any of his wares had been purloined,
the case was continued till to-morrow,
with bail fixed at $250 apiece.
Peter Morrlsery and William Jagoe,
fourteen-year-olds, fought on Cheney
street for possession of a baseball and
Peter landed a right hook on Wil
liam's mouth which ended the "scrap"
and led to Peter's arrest for battery.
The lads renewed their oral discussion
in Judge Fritz's court and were rap
idly advancing toward the fistic stage
John Donahue confessed that twen
ty-two of his fifty-five years on earth
have been largely devoted to drunk
enness and consequent vagrancy.
"And you look it," said Judge Mo
gan. "For three months from this
dq^te, however, you will not have op
portunity to indulge your penchant."
Attorney Fennel, representing the
Citizens' Alliance, informed Judge Ca
baniss that the prosecuting witness
against Cliff Killner, charged with as
saulting a non-union stableman on
Hayes street, had suddenly and myste
riously disappeared, and that without
his testimony there was no probability
of convicting the defendant. The case
was accordingly dismissed.
Charles Hanson, accused of selling
lottery tickets, pleaded inability to de
cide whether it would be better for him
to acknowledge guilt or stand trial, and
Judge Mogan gave him until next
Tuesday to wrestle with the problem.
Dave Warfleld, similarly charged,
was remanded till June 9 by the same
Judge. The police say tliat Warfleld
sold lottery tickets to the Sheriff of an
interior county, who mailed them to the
authorities here.
Israel Berg smiled when Judge Fritz
sentenced him to six months' imprlBon
ment {or having failed to provide for
the woman and two minor children
whom he deserted in England and by
whom he was followed to this city,
where he had taken unto himself a
wife. Throughout his trial Berg acted
in a most heartless way toward the un
fortunate woman with whonY v he was
forced to confess he had maintained in
timate relationship for years, nor did
he show the least symptom of affection
for the little ones, who unmistakably
inherited his facial characteristics.
Shortly j after Berg's removal to the
prison hi3 accuser appeared as com
plainant against Albert Doran, John
McClean and William Burns, young
men recently from the East, who in
drunken frolic had smashed three doors
of the lodging-house kept by her at 17
Fourth street. They were booked for
burglary, but a charge of malicious
mischief was substituted, and of that
they were found guilty and will be sen
tenced to-day. The owner of the prefn
ises said they destroyed' about $1200
worth of his property.
• • •
Edward Crawford, accused of being
connected with the theft of rubber
boots and brass machine fittings from
the Charles Nelson Company, was dis
charged bj» Judge Cabaniss. John
Brown and £>aniel Bigelow, boys who
are before the juvenile court on the
same charge, testified that Crawford
had nothing whatever to do with the
stealing. The plunder was Bold to va
rious second-hand dealers on Mission
street. •
Two pretty little girls appeared be
fore Judge Cabaniss and c«mplained
that since their father, James McFall,
sailed away to Hilo as master of the
bark Martha D&vis their mother has
been drinking and . neglectful of her
household duties. The case was referred
to Officer Young of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children.
Miss Decker expressed willingness to
make it a "go," and Miss St. Clair
also acquiesced, although she could not
forget that he (the defendant) had
treated Miss Rose "just awful." The
Judge interposed no objection, the po
liceman didn't seem to^care how the
case turned out, and Mr. Nash's pro
posal was accepted.
gested the "Kid," seeming to relish
having his mentality pronounced de
fective. "If dis t'ing is allowed ter
drop, I'll hit de rattler fer Chicago an'
stay in dat burg fer keeps. la it a
go?" *
Accused Attorney Decides
to Force Bar Association
to Make Formal Charges
Policeman Swears He Saw Two of Them Running at Rapid
Gait and the Cotirt of Judge Mogan Immediately Exhibits
Unmistakable Symptoms of a Deep-Rooted Incredulity
COLLINS MAY
SUE FOR LIBEL
MESSENGER BOYS FRACTURE
TRADITION BY GOING FAST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, 'FRIDAY, JUNE 3,. 1904.
9
Schools and Colleges,
tE-ADINO BUSINESS OOLLEOB OF TITE>
WEST.
S4 Post st., San Francisco. Cal.
Bstab. 40 rears. Open entire year, day and night.
, Write for EO-page catalogue (free).
New Quarters — More Space
riHEB BOOKS.
. • Jurt rnored lnte our new rooms; new fire-
proof bull 21&-. 3 elevators, electric lights.
*t»*ra h»at. Do more for students than ever
before. This Is tbe college that secure* so
many positions.
San Francisco Business College,
738 Mirsion St., Near Third.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day school for young ladies and
Ijttle g-.ris 2126 California street. Will reopen
August 1. l»O4. Accredited to the unlversltien
r.CT, EDWARD B. CHVRCH. A. M. Principal.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
.IRVINOTON, CALIFORNIA.
Holds pre-em'.netitly the confidence of Its pa-
trone aad the loyalty of Its pupils.
.WILLIAM WALKER ANDERSON. Principal.
HOTELS AND HESQRT&.
(New)HOTEL BUTLER
SEATTLE
REMODELED AND REBUILT at expense of
t »«O. <«K) — I»ew Management — ENTIRELY P"UU5-
VROor. •
LOCATION — Very acceeelbie to street car
lines, theaters, etc. EUROPEAN PLAN.
223 ROOMS with LUXURIOUS BATHS—
feeveral private rooms In antique decorations.
Turktfh Baths in IIotM.
UNSURPASSED RESTAURANT. D« 8tet.
r»r. Chef, formerly of WaMorf- Astoria and
Chef lo Prince of Wales.
HOTEL ORCHESTRA: Telephone Conoeo-
tlcr.s in every room; ]ong distance connecUoas
• made wfih any I art of the Coast.
¦Wire for reservations, at our expense.
HOTEL UUTLER. Seattle. Wash.
i
Palari* dont fail to
id latC Me the beautiful \
j COURT Lounging
/fflfl room, the EMPIRE
uuu phrlor, the
r j PALM ROOM, the
iffTsflQ LOUIS XV PAR-
W X^I-i DIES' WRITING
Hotels room -
Success Superbly Smiles on th* Uoet De-
llciously Funny Play and the Bwtt Buriesque
Cast In America.
1 LJ . fc_>.~~=_— _B____S
PEERLESS AND UNEQUALED.
Edna Aug. Caroline Hull; Garrlty Sisters
Yorke and Adams. Al Fields, Edwta Clark,
Ben Dillon. Roy Alton.
SPEC1AI,.
Next Funday Night— First Time Her*— Lionel
Lawrence's
"EIOHT KADXmx OrBXS."
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Same Popular Prices.
Mo^W next— First appearance off MXH
NORA BATES, comedienne.
THE GREAT ALFONS,
Europe's Foremost Equilibrist.
And a Splendid Show Every Aftemooa
and Evealaar la the Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE N -
MtNIATXXBE ELECTUIC BAZZAOAS
Esmeralda and Her BABY MONKEY In tae .
Zoo.
INSPECT CABARET DB LA MORT.
Hear the PNEUMATIC SYMPHONY OR-'
CHESTRA. ¦ — ¦
Admission, 10c; Children. Be.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
i
OF THE
COMMERCIAL UNION :
ASSURANCE COMPANY -
(Limited)
OF LONDON.- ENGLAND. ON THE 31 BT
day of December. A. D. 1903. as* for th«
year endinjr on that day, as mad« to the In- "
suranee Commissioner of the Htate of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of tbe Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Caoital Stock paid up
in Cash ________
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $388.14S t»
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... U2,0C<r<X)
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company 2,218.633 75
Cash In Company's Offlce 10,496 74
Cash in Banks ?.-. 442,027 72
Interest du* and accrued on 1 all
Stocks and Loans 1.954 18
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortragvs 1,627 80
Premiums In du- Course of Col-
lection 895.502 81
BUls Receivable, not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marina Risks 6,292 45
Rents doe and accrued 8.6M 23
Due from oth«r Companies for Re-
insurance oa losses already paid 8.353 79-
Total Assets M.294.731 91
INABILITIES. ~~ ~~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $106.2=8 M
Losses in process of Adjustment
or In Suspense 210.203 44
losses resisted. Including expanses 86.433 00
Grow premium* on Fire Risks
running one year or less, J2.2T0.-
867 94; reinsurance 80 per cent.. 1,133.153 47
Gross premiums on Fir* Risks
running more than one year. J2-
1S1.1S0 84; reinsurance pro rata. 1,124, 46S M
Gross premiums on Marine and In- • ¦• {
land Navigation Rlska, $63.-
049 60; reinsurance 100 per cent. t3,M» W
Gross premloms oa. Marine Tim*
Risks. $37,810 61; ralnsarance SO
percent ••• !•,»«•«•
Amount reclalmable by the In-
sured oa Perofctaal Ftrs Poll-
cies 100,633 1*
Due for Commission and Broker-
age - 83.917 14
Return Premiums and Reinsurance __;'__'
Premiums •.:.»••«- **•&& 83
Total UabtUtlee .>.....—^>.$2.0tO.3ai 33
INCOMEv T.
Net cash acttxally recelTed for
Firs Premiums S2.8M,TB1 83
Net cash actually fteetred far
Marine premiums 1*3,088 Tl
Received for - Interest oa Boads . . _..
and Mortgagee T.CTT T3 •
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
from all other sources 68.4B4 T9
Received for Rents •• 86.879 6>
Total Income ..».—..¦ J3.1SQ.STO at
EXPENDITUllES.
Net amount t>ald for Fire Lossee
(lneludlag $318.903 87 lorn of . .
previous years) ...ii.4w.STj 5i»
Net amount paid for Marine Losses 136.978 47
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 892.498 TO
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 144.387 47
Paid for State, National and Lo- -
cal taxes 89,119 M
All otber partner* and expendi-
tures ? 196,858 18
Total Ezceadlturefl ._>.—_, .$2,659,513 05
'. Fire. "
Losses Incurred during th» year..$l.»g.oai 88
Risks and Premiums. |Flr» Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks I
written during the
*ear *.."..:..!: $338.087.B«4 $4.<*l.T30 15
Net amount of Risks .
expired during th«|
yeir I 343.806.684 3,»73.963 40
N*t amount in force
December 31, 1903.. S97.12t.665 4.451.558 78,
Risks and Premiums. {Mar. BJaki.J Premiums. •
Net amount of Bisks
written during the
yea". V I $98,454,640 $253,800 60
Net amount of Risks I ;_, V. '• .
y^ar^..^." 1 !.. 1 . 1 ! 6 M.OTl.oSli WX413 IX
K _WJSS5V "ig wm "
*~ A. H. WRAV. Manarr
Subscribe S *o«l STTorrL t«. heOr* wv», thu
20th day of January. 10c;.
H. R. KAY.Nota'y Public.
C. F. MULLINS, Pacific Coast Manager,'
416-418 California St,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL
T- Mil. T. HESS.
Sot-ry Pnhllo and Attorney-at*3iaw.
Tenth floor. Room 1015. Claus Spr«ckels Udc
Telephone Main 083. -
Residence. 1802 McAllister st '
Resttvrco Xelesbono Tag* 8942. . _^
CALIFORNIA
/SSSl Z.ABT TWO WIGHTS. Efe.
r Paul Leicester Ford's Charming Com- U
edy of the Revolution. H
JANICE MEREDITH |
i As Presented by 03
The Incomparable* — The Greatest Stock ¦
! g Company in Existence. M
I The Oliver Moreso Company
i MATINEE TO-MORROW. gj
m SUNDAY— Julia Marlowe's Most Re- _
fi cent Success. First Time Here, «
! W THE CAVAMEB, U
I U A Stirring Story of the South in War U
rm Time. I B
i of AMELIA GARDNER, g
LAST TWO "NIGHTS— MAT. TO-MORROW.
MELBOURNE
MacDOWELL
In a Rurwrb Production of Sardou's
| OI-3mOINP/\~j
Next Sunday Mat..
A CAPTAIN OF NAVARRE
POPULAR PRICES— 16c. 25c. 50c, 7Ba
June 13 — MRS. LESLIE CARTER IN "DU
BARRY." Beats on sale Thursday.
Unprecedented Attractions!
Oaiton and Stone; Powers Brothers;
Burke, Xa Rue and the laky Boys; Or-
phenm Motioa Pictures ana Harcel'i
LIVING ART STUDIES.
Last tlnus of FERRAR,\ COLE and COM-
PANY; COLBY FAMILY; AL LAWRENCE
and BELLE GORDON.
Regular Matinee Everr Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c, 25c
and 50c.
COLUMBIA!-^
Beat* Beady fox All Performance*.
Thli and Next Week.
MATINEE* SATURDAYS ONLY.
CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS
Maude Adams
In J. M. JBarrle's Comedy,
THE LITTLE MINISTER.
Next Mondays-Second and Lost Week of Mauds
Adams In "The Little Minister."
Coming— E. H. SOTHERN In
"THE PROUD PRINCE."
TIV0LISo5&
Last 3 NlghU— TOY MAT. TO-MORROW.
I THE I THE
• EVER-
| POPULAR TOY
_ DAINTY I V^ I
% COMIC __ A 7, t- -^
I opera. 1 MAKER
Splendid Cast, Scenery and Costumes.
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT
First Production In Thfs City of
The Military Comic Opera Triumph,
SERGEANT KITTY
San Francisco Debut of
LILLIAN SEFTON. Prlma Donna Soprano.
USUAL TIVOLI PRICES— 25c, 50c, 75c.
A T t^ ATA Tl Belasco & Mayer,
ALCAZAR swsa
_ General Mansxer.
TO- NIGHT— MATS. THURS. AND SAT3.
Tbe Delightful Romantic Drama.
Toll Gate Inn
'"A winner," — Post. '
"A strong production." — Call.
Evgs.,250 to 75c; MaU.Thurs. A Sat. ,28a to SOo
NEXT MONDAY— SUMPTUOUS PRODUC-
TION,
UNDER TWO FLAGS.
Oulda's Popular Drama of Romance. With the
Great Sandstorm Scene.
In Preparation— "LOVER8* LANE."
- Next Month— WHITE- WHITTLESEY.
Market tt, near Eighth. Phone South B33.
TO-NIGHT— LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
... The Famous Historical Drama,
A CELEBRATED CASE]
The Powerful Romance of a Hero of Fonteney.
Magnificently Stnred! Brilliantly Cast!
Gorgeously Costumed !
PDirTC Evenings 10c to 50c
llflVCd Matinees ,10c, 15c. 23o
¦ HEJCT— "THE PEDDLXB."
3-JSCTEIXANEOUS -C^SE-t-UgTS.
BASEBALL
AT RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison streets.
OAKLAND vs. PORTLAND
TO-DAY, 3:30 IV M.
8ATURDAY. 3:00 P^ M.
SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M.
LADIES FREE TO-DAY.
Advance Sale of ¦ Seau at 6 Stockton St. *
VnBEXLX CALL, fltOO P£S Y£A£.
- AJtUSEMEJTTS.
The Great California Carnival Co.
The World's Greatest and Most Unique Carnival Combine and Btandinr Pre-eminently
in the Foreground of All Similar Amusement Institutions.
WILL, PKESENT
CARNIVALS DE LUXE
Rivaling: In General Formation and Gorgeous Detail the Celebrated Festival Events
of the Ancient Romans.
AMAZING IN CONCEPTION! GIGANTIC IN FORMATION!
ETJPERB IN EQUIPMENT!
500 People. I 2 8p^~^?rap?^_u_. 0f 2 I 500 People.
A KALEIDOSCOPIC ItEVIEW of All that Is Carnlvaliaque la Gold and Glitter.
y Moral and Entertaining. *
Given Under the Auspices of the general RELIEF COMMITTEE
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
Street Fair and Carnival
¦-nrra-ctacq June 4th to l_2th
Corner of Market, Eleventh, Mission. Van Ness _.ve. and Twelfth Sts.
ADMISSION 10 CENTS.
GorKeous Street Parade SATURDAT EVENING. Jus* 4, at 8 p. m.. from
Palace Hotel to Carnival Ground*:
Marnlfleent C«remonles at the Coronation of the Queen.
SPECIAL DAYLIGHT FIREWORKS SUNDAT AFTERNOON' AT S O'CLOCK.
' ' ' ADVERTISEMENTS.
II BLATZ method is generally Commented
z-ipSL on as most remarkable unique, for
jJ5gg£3? the reason that in most every par-
wgijSv* ticular it is original from a brewer's
IT \0v The very choicest of every com-
\1 V^ ponent part of the Blatz brews fs
>A )m. the invariable rule. Only the best
A T\3 of Mother Earth's crop is ever con- i
I sidered - Tne result is a beer of I
I \K honest quality with a goodness all I
/! \, Always the Same Good Old "Blatz .» I
fct^I-Sb^^ BLATZ MALT- VI VINE- (Non-Intoxfcant) [J
llSCll -* A IK-XT TOHIC Bl
J^ll ~ For Convalescents and Run-Down Systems. | | j
"ml VAL, BLATZ BREWING CO., Milwaukee I
j&» SAM BIBO <& CO., I
V%^ WH0LE3AI.EDEAI.Ea3, _1}2 B ATTEST STREET, II
'Y ' Baa rnweiico, lei. Mala 6659, III
ADVE-tTISEHENTS.
" * jrf_^^I_S3__r*Mw'^? 1 '~"*^*_i p * *• "£_* " • **• ' > •"" t * lBtikorf^—
-B^^?^B_v*-*iS v^ ___sH-R___HHM__^_B_E__0_CBf^D-S___.
i The letters of Miss Merkley, whose pic-i
ture is printed above, and Miss Claussen,
prove beyond question that thousands - of
cases of inflammation of the ovaries and
womb are annually cured by the use of
Lydia E* Pinkham's Vegetable Compound*
"Dear Mrs. Pin-kham: — Gradual loss of strength and nerve force
told me something: was radically wrong with me. I had severe shooting
pains tbrought the pelvic organs, cramps and extreme irritation com-
pelled me to seek medical advice. The doctor said that I had ovarian
trouble and ulceration, and advised an operation. I strongly objected to
this and decided to try Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetablo Compound.
I soon found that my judgment was correct, and that all the good
things said about this medicine were true, and day by day I felt less
pain and increased appetite. The ulceration soon healed, and the other
complications disappeared and in eleven weeks I was once more strong
; and vigorous and perfectly well. •
"My heartiest thanks are sent to you for the great good you have
[done me." — Sincerely yours, Miss Maeqabet Merkley, 275 Third St,
i llilwaukee, "Wis.
Hiss Claussen Saved from a Surgical Operation, %
' k'r%£*yM8SX£%£ "Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — It seems to me that
ifc^p^ga^^S all the endorsements that I have read of the value
! B«siS_SE_Siis °* Lydia E. Pinkham's Compound do not express
' K^^S 1^ 1^^ one-half of the virtue the great medicine really
K^^/\£&& possesses. I know that it saved my life and I
ftf& y**stVie! """ ant t0 . & Ye the credit where it belongs. I suf-
hZ£g W^«*J| feredwith ovarian trouble for five years, had three
p^W« *** I0f^ operations and spent hundreds of dollars on doc-
PB^\__^£^ tors an( * me^ cmes b ufc t-is dM not cure me
Jp&r * However, what doctors and medicines failed
r 3k to d°» I^ydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
, <$£ Sfc N* >^ - rf S^-i< i 7"E??\ pound did. Twenty bottles restored me to per-
foct health and I feel sure that had I known of its
*>* -*t£'f(* " value before, and let the doctors alone, I would
*' have been spared all the pain and expense that
fruitless operations cost me. If the women who are suffering, and
the doctors do not help them, will try Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound, they will not be disappointed -with the results. —
Miss Claea 3L Cxaussin, 1307 Penn St, Kansas City, Mo.
A.aaa FORFEIT" weefcnnot forthwith produce tbe ordinal lettert and ilpiatarei of
V n 1 1 1 1 1 1 abore truiyf"')^'. whicb will prore their absolute genuineners.
OuUUU w I^dla K. Pinkham Mod. Co.. Ignn, Win.Ninety-six greyhounds will compete
In an open stake to-morrow and Sun
day at Ingleside Coursing Park. Rec
tor, Apple Blossom, Northern Alarm,
Silver Cloud and other flyers are
among the entries. The - draw last
night resulted as follows: '
Oulda vi. Snapper Garrison, Eagle Bird vs.
Colored Lady, Lady Newark vs. General Fre
mont, Apple Bloesom vs. Toronto, Recruit vs.
Royal Friend. Queen of Isle vs. Gold Lily, Emin
Bey v«. Dartaway, Krishna vs. Jessie Dear,
Lord Granard vs. Sofala, Idaho Boy vs. My
Bonnie King. Mabel S vs. Tom Hurlick, Silver
(loud v». Tbelnia. Little Lucy vs. Jerry
Wright. Lily Wright vs. Our Myra, Rector
vs. Intruder, Algle McDonald vs. Little
Plunger. Prometheus vs. Northern Alarm,
Hurry On vs. May Conley, Hermit vs. Reck
lee* Acrobat, Evil Eye vs. May Tunnlson,
Yellowtall vs. Dear Gaston, Wedgewood vs.
Gold Chain. Lulu Girl vs. Commercial Traveler,
Helen Hayes vs. Agitator, Rexnlsso Animo vs.
Rolling Boer, Miss Bnimmel vs. Pasha King,
Nellie M vs. Meddlesome, Shotgun vs. Octa
vtus. Real Duchess vs. Glaucus, Sweet Locust
vs. Ragged Actor. Aurella vs. Sir Wlnton
Magic Stuff vs. The Sheriff. Little Mercy vs.
Golden Links, Belfast vs. Frisco Lad, False
Alarm vs. Adonis, Mirage vs. Equator, Dorren
vs. HetUnwood. Haughty Helen vs. Foxhunter,
Prompto ts. Prairie Maid. Articulate vs. Don
Pedro. Imperius vs. Conroy. Yankee Boy vs.
Bob R. Morning Glory vs. Firm Fellow. Beauty
Cold vs. Orsina. Kriskjr Doy vs. Topsy Turvy,
Glitter vs. Mark Twain, Lucky Shamrock vs.
Haddlnston. 8tar Sylvaaua vs. Texaa Mlgnon.
Rector, Apple Blossom, Northern
Alarm, Silver Cloud and Other
Flyers In the Running.
NINETY-SIX GREYHOUNDS
IN INGLESIDE PARK STAKE
Stolen baaes — Smith, Chase. Errors— Cravath
(2), Ross. Hlldebrand, Anderson, Rcltz. Two
base hits — Hildebrand, Toman, Eagar. Sacri
fice hits— Reltz (3), Waldron. First base on
errors — Los Angeles 3, San Francisco 2. Left
oq bases — Los Angeles 7, ; San Francisco 6.
Bases : on balls — Off Newton 6, off - Knell 2.
Struck out — By Knell -4, by Newton '8.
Double plays — Bernard to Flood ' to Toman;
Toman to Flood to Chaae. I Wild pitch — Knell.
Hit by pitcher— Hlldebrand. Cravath, Leahy.
Time of came — Two hours. Umpire — Me-
Donalfi. LSneHflrofeB
Los Angrlcs 00000000 2—2
nas<? hits 1 0 0 0 110 1 8—7
San Francisco.... 00000010 0 — 1
Base hits 0 11 0 0 0-1 1 0—4
• 8UMMARY."
LOS ANGELES, June 2.— To-day's
game was a pitchers' battle, in which
Newton carried off the honors. The
Champions failed to score until the
ninth inning, when three hits gave
them two runs and the game. The
day was one of the most disagreeable
experienced In Los Angeles for years.
The heat was intense and a hot wind
carried the dust in' clouds across the
field. Score:
- Los Angeles^ — I San Francisco —
AB. R. H. P.A I AB. R> H. P.A.
Toman. ss 4 0 2 3 *'HlIdeb,3b 8 0 2 3 0
Flood. 2b. 3 0 0 4 4.Waldn,cf 2 0 0 4 0
Smith. .!!> 3 0 0 0 3 Mean.rf . 4 0 0 1 0
Bernrd.cf 4 0 11 lLeahy.c. 2 O 0 '4 3
Cravth.rt 3 0 I 0 1 Andrn.si 2 114 1
Ross.lf.. 3 0 0 1 0Reltz,2b. 10 0 12
Cha«e,lb. 4 117 1 Maeoy.lb 4 0 16 0
Sples.c. .4018 :i;« lorton.lf 3 00 20
Newton.p 3 0 0 3 0 Knell, p.. 2 0 0 0 3
•Kagar.. 1110 0
1 Totals 23 1 4f25 9
Totals 32 2 7 27 16|
•natted for Ross In ninth Inning.
tOne out when winning run scored.
RUNS AND HIT8 BY INNINGS.
ANGELS FINISH WITH A RUSH.
By the New Torlc Morning Telegraph.
First Race— Shotgun, Reliable, King
?Pepner.
Second Race— Esterre, Dansense,
. Ifce S.
• Third Rac*^— Africander, Brigand,
Andy William*.
Fourth Race — Smathers entry, Sey
tnonr, Scheftel entry.
• , Fifth Race — Blandy, Bulwark, Mar
tha Gorman.
Sixth f'.n<-c — Sir Ship, Tom Lawson,
TtquvHIc.
GRAVESEXD SELECTIONS.
Louisville.
Sixth rac» — Peggy O'Xeil, Bologna,
Broadway Girl.
First race — Raymond K, Bonnie
Prince Charlie, Bert Osra.
Second race — Alma Dufour, The
Mighty, Whoa BUI.
Third race— Eva 3Ioe, Falella, Alma
Girl.
Fourth race— Bad News, Prince
Silverwings, Foresight.
Fifth race — Harrison, John McGurk,
'By the Chicago Inter Ocean. * »
HAWTHORXE SELECTIONS.
NATIONAL. LEAGUE.
NEW YORK. June 2. — By defeating Cin
cinnati to-day New York retained first place
In the pennant race. A home run hit Into the
bleachers by Seymour In' the fourth Inning was.
the only tally made by the visitors. Attend
ance, COCO. Score:
R. H. E.
New York 2 5 1
Cincinnati 1 .4 . 2
Batteries — Matthewson and Bowerman; Sud
huff and Peltz. Umpires— Momn and Zlmmer.
BROOKLYN, June 2.— Plttsburg-Brooklyn
game postponed; wet ground*. /
BOSTON. June 2— Boston-St. Louis game
postponed; wet grounds, i
PHILADELPHIA. June 2.—Chicago-Phila
delphia game postponed; rain.
ST. LOUIS. June 2.— St. Louis-Philadelphia
game postponed; tain.
Batteries — Kllllan and Woods; Puttmann,
Griffith and Klelnow.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, June . 2. — Cleveland to
day played and won Its first extra Inning game
of the year, defeating Boston. Singles by
Abbott and Ellck, with Bradley's sacrifice,
gave Cleveland the winning run. Bemls was
Injured by a foul tip. -Attendance, 3000. Score:
R. H. E.
Cleveland 6 .8 3
Boston i 6 -' 9 3
Batteries— Hess. Donahue and Abbott; Din
een and Farrell.
CHICAGO, June 2. — Selbach's work In left
field was the feature of to-day'a game, which
was a slugging match from start to finish,
all four pitchers being pounded all over the
lot. Attendance, 2200. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago .........13 17 3
Washington 7 10 4
Batteries— Walsh, Altrock and MoFarland;
Towneend, Ortn and Drill.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
DETROIT, June 2.— Detroit looked to have
the game won in four lnninge, when Putt
raann retired, and with Griffith came luck for
New York. Two scratch hits and two gifts
sent in the first three runs In the sixth. In
the ninth Thoney doubled McGuire singled and
Conroy hit for two bases, winning the game.
Attendance. 1500. Score: . •
R. H. E.
Detroit 4 0 0
New York 5 8' 0
(National league.) (American League.)
W. L. Pet. * W. L. Pet.
New York.. .20 11 .703 Boston 26 11 .703
Chicago 24 11 .686i Cleveland ..20 14 .588
Clncinnattl .26 13 .««7| New York ..21 15 .583
St. Louis ..17 17 .500 Philadelphia 20 16 .6 T 6
Pittsburg ...10 1» .457| Chicago 21 17 .652
Brooklyn ...15 23 .405 St. Louis ...16 18 .471
Boston 13 22 .3711 Detroit 12 23 .343
Philadelphia 6 27 .182 Washington 6 28 .177
Cleveland Wins Their First Extra
Inning Game by Beating the
Boston Champions.
STANDING OF THE C%UBS.
NEW YORK RALLIES WHEN
GRIFFITHS TAKES THE BOX
TACOMA, Wash.. June 2.— In the
fastest and best game of the season
Overall shut out the heavy hitting Se
attle team, letting them down with,
one hit, a two-bagger by Smith. Ta
coma scored an easy victory. But
twenty-nine men faced Overall and
he gave but one base on balls. Ta
coma put up a splendid exhibition,
playing without an error. Score:
Seattle— - Tacoma—
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Mohl, 2b. 4 0 0 2 1 Doyle, rf.5 112 0
VnH, cf.3 0 0 2 0 Shee. 3b. 4 2 12 2
Wllm, 3b.3 0 0 2 1 Nord, lb.5 0 6 10 0
Frisk.* If. 3 0 0 0 0 Egan, «..4 0 O 1 1
Rheld. rf.O O 0 O 0 Lync. cf.3 0 14 0
Smth. rf.3 0 10 0 Casy, 2b. .4 12 2 2
Brash, lb.3 0 0 8 1 McLa, lf.4 112 0
Hall, ¦... 3 0 0 1 .1 Grah. e..2 10 4 0
lllnkp, c.3 0 0 8 2 Overt!, p. 4 0.0 0 3
Barber, p.2 0011
Delay. ».l 0 0 0 0 % Totals. 35 6 11 27 8
Totals. 28 0 1 24 9
•Hatted for Barber In the ninth inning.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Tacoma 1 0 0 0 0 B 0 0 x — 6
Base hits 2 0 1 1 1 60 1 x— 11
Seattle 0 00000000—0
Base hits C 10 0 00000—1
Summary— Struck out — By Overall 3, by Bar
ber, 7. Error — Hall. Base on balls — Off
Overall 1. oft Barber. S. Wild pitch —
Overall. Stolen baaes— Casey. McLaughlin,
Graham. -Two-base hlts^ — Lynch, McLaughlin,
Doyle, Nordyke, Smith. Three-base hit — Nor
dyke. Left on bas»s — Tacoma 1, Seattle 2.
Time, of same— One hour and forty minutes.
Umpire — CConnell.
OVERALL'S WONDERFUL FEAT.
Big College Pitcher Shuts Seattle Out
With One Lone Hit.
First race — Feronla, Xan Dora,
Cressida.
Second race — Passive, Willowdene,
Sonya.
Third raee^ — Redola, Ethel Davis,
Wissendlne.
Fourth race — Behoove, Potente,
Lord Tennyson.
Fifth' race — Dottic Shute) Satchel,
Goody Two Shoes.
Sixth race^ — .lingler, Jerry Hunt,
Graden.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
CHICAGO, June 2. — The entries fo r
to-morrow's races at Hawthorne
track are as follows:
First race four and a half furlongs— Arthur
Stlllwell 10S. Midnight Minstrel 111. Lucius
114 Raymond K 114. Bert Osra 114. The Trifier
114 Bryan 118, Bonnie Prince Charlie U.S.
Tennyburn lip, 'Palm Tree 118, Garvice 118,
Swedish Lad 114. (Minstrel and Lucius,
Schorr entry.)
Second race, six furlongs, selling — Pt. Paula
OR. Mimon ««, Silent Water 100. Freckman
100. Dusky 1C0. Alma Dufour 102, Regina D
1G.'S. Falernian 103. Watermelon 105, Duncan
10S. Whoa Bill 110 J. P. Mayberry 112, The
Mighty 112. Wenrick 114.
Third race, short course steeplechase; handi
cap — Snowdrift 12.1 Mies Brandon 12.'. Donaml
125. .Jack Boyd 128, Alma Girl 136. Martin
Brady 1"?. Eva Moe 140, Dr. Nowlin 145, Fal
lella 145.
Fourth race, one mile — Miss Crawford ,88.
Mayor David P. Rose 03. Katie Powers 97,
Prince Pllverwings 97. Foresight 99. Copper
102. Banter 105, Bad News 11, Dr. Ste.
phens 112.
Fifth rare, one and an eighth miles, selling —
Albany Girl S7. Lord Touchwood 90. Sarilla
101. Louisville 101 Lou Woods 103. John Me-
Gurk 103 Harrison 108.
Sixth race, five furlongs — St. Bonnie 1C5,
Ma»5scre 105, Lady McKcon 109. Lillian Ayers
109. Miss Jordan 109. Broadway Girl 112. Bo
logna 115, Peggy O'Neal 115, Monogram 100.
Weather clear; track fast.
HAWTHORXE ENTRIES
Latonia Race Results.
CINCINNATI. June 2.— Latonia summary:
Fir?t race. ¦*ven furlrnes — Fritz won. For
eigner second, Henry Luhrman Jr. third. Time.
1 :31.
Second race, five furlones — Mum won, Mrs.
Falconer second. Lady Carlln third. Time,
1:03%.
Third race, cne mile — Rossmond won, Hand
mora second. Sailor's Dream third. ..Time,
Fourth race, six furlongs— Preakn?«» won.
Mandamus second. Savond third. Time, l-.ltt 1 *.
Fifth race, seven furlon««^ — Benmcra won.
Rachel Ward second. Florence Fcnso third.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs^ — Flylrr
Brook won. Madlacn s?Quar» second, Dazio
third. Time. 1:10
Captain Mooney's Denial.
Captain John Mooney of the City
Hall station denies most positively
that he has in any manner whatever
been connected with ex-Sergeant Reu
ben A. Wolf or his make-money-ea.»y
policy. He asserts that he was never
even approached by Wolf to Invest
any money in the scheme for the sim
ple reason that during the time "Wolf
was attached to Company B Captain
Mooney did not admire his metho-1*
of doing police duty and was more
than well pleased when the specula
ting sergeant was removed to another
district.
• The wards of the Boys' and Glrla*
Aid Society will give an entertain
ment at the home, corner of Grove
and Baker streets, this evening,
commencing; at 7:30 o'clock. An
original opera will be rendered. The
object of the society, outside of the
entertainment for the children. Is to
give the public an opportunity of see
ing what is being done for the way
ward and neglected children taken
from the streets of this city.
Children to Entertain.
Higli School Entertainment.
The Lowell High School boys will
give an entertainment at the Girls'
High School this evening for the ben
efit of last year's football debt. An
excellent programme has been ar
ranged and the boys hope the affair
will be a success financially as well as
socially.
Pearne: Capital City Wheelmen — R. Backrath.
H. Sub«r, A. Slckafossa; Central City Wheel
men — W. Gustavson. F. Wormoth, G. Mc-
Grath: Golden Gate Wheelmen — A. Daggett.
L. Randall. P. Lawrence: New Century
Wheelmen — A. Trout. W. McWherter, A. Hodg
klns- Bay City Wheelmen— F. G. West. C. H.
Clark, C. Long; California Cycling Club— E. A.
Mitchell. A. Lambrecht, J. E. Brown: Garden
City Wheelmen — W. C. Walbel. R. H. Doen
bocher. T; Berryessa. "
Officials — Referee. C. L. McEaerney; clerks
of course. C. C. Wuth (chief clerk). J. M.
Salazar, Georpe Walte; announcer, George
Dlxon; timers, George P. Wetmore. J. A.
Deslmone. J. C. Travis; »corer», W. Townley,
Mack Madson, J. F. Hancock. C. C. Hopkins.
A. B. Moffatt: Judges. E. Crane, A. Ron
covlerl, J. O. Lewis. ;-.\ ..
ST. LOUIS, June 2.— The entries
for the races to-morrow at Delmar
track are as follows:
First race six furlongs selling — I«oca 102,
Spur Me 102, Blstika 100, Edith Boss 100.
Cresslda 100. Marchioness 100. Ferronla 100.
Nar. Dora 97.
Second race, four and a half furloncs, sell
ing— Wlllowdene 109. Passive 104, Sonya 101,
Clara Forrester 100, Viola Faith 100. Inflam
mable 98. Druggist OS. De Vlnce »8, Our Mo
9s. Annabelle Lee 05, Little Florence 95.
Third race, six furlongs, selling — Red Ola
105, Maud Wallace 102. Faquita 102. Wlssen
dine 102. Venus Vlctrlx 102. Ethel Davis 102.
Machoni 100.
Fourth race, one mjle and twenty yards,
splllnc— Hart D 108. Clales 10S. Hucena 100.
Potente luC, Behoove 105. Pyrrho 103, First
One 101, Exapo 90. Lord Tennyson 96.
. Fifth race, six furlongs, selling — Sue"s Sister
105. Onanetta 102. Fugartha 102. Goody Two
shoes 100, Dottle Shute 100, Satchel 97. Diana
Fonso 97. *
Sixth rare, one mile and twenty yards, sell
ing — Dr. Cave 111, Graden 111. Jerry Hunt
10m. Illuminate 103, Jingler 103. The Advocate
102. Escanaba 90. Pica 95, Algonquin 91, J.
Keiff S4.
Weather clear; track heavy.
DELMAR TRACK ENTRIES.
One-mile ¦ scratch tandem race— F. T.
Pearne and F. Florentine, A. C. W.; E. A.
Mitchell and W. Brown. C. C. C; V. 8.
Grey » and C. II. Clark. B. C. W.; W. O.
Waibet and * J. B. Berryensa. G. C. W. ; M.
Gtey and P. Magglnt, O. C. "W.: J. P. Dwyer
and II. Poleon. P. W.: A. Trout and A.
Hodgktns. N. C. W.; F. G. West and F. H.
McLaughlin. B. C. W.: C. Long and W.
de Mara. B. C. W.; A. Showalter and C.
Gorman,- G. C. W. . ".
The Australian pursuit race: Angel City
Wheelmen — F. Florentine, F. T. Pearns, J.
. One-mile open — F. G. West. U. C. W. ; A.
Trcut, N. C. W. ; J. P. Simmons. B C. W. ;
D. ' H. Updike. Reno W. ;'A. Carter. Reno W.;
A. Pockman. Reno W. ; A. McKenzle. Reno
W. ; C. Merchon. Reno W. ; J. Cunningham,
N. C. W.; G. Baraty, tt. C. W.; A. T. Silva.
B. C. W.; A. Chaddock. O. G. W.< F. Rego.
G. G. W.; A. Wllkes N. C. W.; W Steln
man. G. G. W.; W. Kenyon. N. C. W.; P.
Masglnl, G. C. W. : M. Grey, G. C. W.; B.
Murphy. G. C. W.i C. Marty. G. C. W.; H.
Venter. Cap. C. W.; J. R. Berryessa. G.
C. W.; W. C. Waibet. O. C. W.; H. Henrl
oulle. B. C. W.J L. J. Henrloulle. B. C. W.:
F. II. McLaughlin. B. C W. ; R. H. Doen
bocher. G. C. W.j P. Lauranc* G. G. W.;
F. Y. Pearne. A. C. W. ; I. Pearne. A. C. W.J
F. Florentine. A. C. W.; V. Humberg, G. C.
W. ; A. Showalter. G. C. W.j T. Berryessa. G.
C. W. ; C. Harden. G. C. W. ; A. Erlcksen.
N. C. W. ; D. R. Cushman. B. C. W.; G.
Frey. B. C. W. ; A. T. Smith. O. W. ; A. Dag
(tett. G. G. W. : E. E.- Bergman. N. C. W. ;
E. A. Mitchell, C. C. C. ; A. Carl, C. C. C. ;
R. Williamson. O. W. : L. Randall. G. C. W.:
C. Long. B. C. W. : E. A. Hearther. O. W.;
A. Hodgklns. N. C. W.; L. G. Shaw: W.
Mills. G. G. W.; J. Valentl, C. C. C; W. M.
Sp*llmen. C. C. C.
Two mile — F. G. West. B. C. V?.; A. Front.
N. C. W.: D. H. Updike, Reno: A. Carter,
Reno; A. Peckham, Reno; A. McKenzie. Reno;
C. Merchon. Reno: G. Baraty. N. C. W.; A.
T. Sllva. B. C. W.: A. Wllkes. N. C. W.;
W. Stelnman. . G. G. W. : W. Kenyon, N. C.
W.; P. MacBlnl. G. C. W.; M. Grey, G. C*
\V.; P. Murphy, G. C. W.; C. Marty, G. C. W.;
J. R. Berryessa, G. C. W.: W. C. Walbel,
G. C. W.: P. Castor, N. C. W.; G. W. Ven
ter, Cap. C. W. ; F. H. McLauKhlln. B. C.
W. : R. II. Doenbocher. G. C. W.J F. Y.
Pearne, A. C. W.; I. Pearne. A. C. W.; F.
Florentine, A. C. W.i A. Showalter. G. C. W.:
T. Berryessa, O. C. W.j C. Harden. O. C. "W.;
A. Chaboya, G. C. W.; A. Erlksen. N. C. W.;
C. H. Clark. B. C. W.: D. R. Cushman, B. C.
W.; O. Frey. B. C. W.; A. Daggett. G. G.
W.J E. E. Bergman. N. C. W.; A. Carl, C.
C. C: V. Guyot, C. C. C; R. -Williamson. O.
W.; L. Randall. G. G. W.; C. Long. B. C. W.;
E. A. Hearther, O. W. : C. Nelson. O. W. ;
L. G. Shaw, W. Mill*. G. G. W.
¦Five mile, motor cycle — A. Gonge, N. C W.;
J. R. K«nna, P. C. M. C: F. M. Butler. P.
C. M fc C: W. C. Hofen. B. C. W.; T. A White.
P. C. M. C: C. L. Hill, P. C. M. C.J E. E.
Thompson, unattached; A. L. Bedburg, D. M. C.
C.;.W. Greaves, D. M..-C. C; A. M. Coffin,
D.^M. C. C; A. M. Cook. O. W.; Marco, C.
C. C: F. Kruslck, G. C. W.
Three mile motor cycle — F. Kruslck, G. C.
W.; A. Gonge, N. C. W.: J. R. Kenna. P. C.
M. C: F. M. Butler, P. C. M. C: W. C.
Hofen. B. C. W.; T. A. White. P. C M. C.:
C. U Hill, P. C. M. C; E. E. Thompson, un
attached; A. L. Bedburg,- D. M. C. C: ¦ W.
Greaves, D. M. C. C; A. M. Coffin, D. M. C.
C: A. M. Cook, O. W.; Marzo, C. C. C.
Five- mile cycle race — F. G. West B C "w". ;
A. Trout. N C. W.; J P. Simmons' B. C.
W.: D. H. Updike,"- Reno: A. Carter Reno;
A. Peckham. Reno; A. McKenzie. Reno; C.
Merchon.. Reno; R. Polleterl, B. C.'W.; W.
Gustavson, Central C. W.; J. Cunningham,
C. W.; G. Baraty, N. C. wTj S. Hargreaves,
0. G. W. ; A. T. Sllva, B. C. W. ; F. Chad
dock. G. . G. -TV. ; F. Rego, G. O. W.; A
Wllkes. N. C. W.; W. Stelnman. G. G. W.;
W. Kenyon. N. C. W.; M. Grey. G ' C W.;
B. Murphy. O. C. W. ; C Marty. G. C. W.:
J. R Berryessa. G. C. W.; W. C. Walbel,
G. C. W. ; P.- Castor, N. C. W.; O. W. Ven
ter, Cap. C W.: F. H. McLauehlln. B. C.
W.; R H. Doenbocher. G. C. W.; P. Laur
ance. G. G. W.; F. Y. Pearne. A. C. W.;
1. Pearne. A. - C. W. ; F. Florentine. A. C.
W.; M. - RUtgrose. C. C. C; A. Showalter.
G. C. W.: T; Berryessa. G. C. W.; L. Mag-
Klnl'O."C. W.; C Harden. G. C. W.I A.
Chaboya. G. C. W.; A. Erlksen. N. C. W.;
C. H. Clark. B. C. W. : D. R. Cushman. B.
C. W.; C. Frey. B. C. W. ; A. T. Smith. O.
W.;.A Daggett. G. G. W. : W. A. Clayton.
N* C. W.; W. J. Rlckard. Cap. C. W.;
E. E. Bergman. N. C. W.; E. Holden, O. W.;
A. Peterson. O. W.; I* Robin, O. G. W. ;
H. McWherter. N. C. W.; G. McGrath. C«nt.
C. W.: S. L.. Hancock. 6. W.: II. L. Han
cock. O. W.; E. A. Mitchell. C. C. C; A.
Carl C. C. C. : O. Gronman. C. C. C; V.
Guyot C. C. C: R. Williamson. O. W.; E.
B. Haley Un. ; L. Randall. G. G. TV.; C
Lonjr, B."C. W.: E. A. Hearther, O. W.: H.
H. Stroelln. N. C. W.: ,W. Mills. O. G. W.;
F. 8. Wheeler C. C. C; P. Squeri. C. C. C;
J. Valentl. C. C. C.
15-mlle motor cycle relay race — C. L. Hill,
P. C. M. C; T. A. White. P. C. M. C:
J. R. • Kenna. P.. C. M. C: A. 8. Young.
D. M. C. C: A. II. . Bedburg. D. JI. C. C;
W. Greaves D. M. C. C; A. M. Cofnn, D. M.
C. C.
Novice race, one mile — Clifford S. Walte. P.
VTr, Gus Baraty. N. C. W.; A. T. Sllva.
B. C. W.; A. Wllkes. N. C. W.i William
Stelnman. G. G. W. ; W. Kenyon. N. C. W.;
Ben Murphy. G. C. W. : H. Venter. Cap. C.
W. : H. Henrloulle. B. C. W. : V. Y. I'earne,
A C. W.; V. Humburs, G. C. W.; A. Scho
walter. O. C. W.; T. Berryessa. C.< C. W. ;
C. Herdan, G. C. W. ; A. Krlksen. N. C.
W. ; D. R. Cushman. B. C. W. ; George Frey,
B. C. W. ; A. Da&gett. G. G. W. ; W J.
Rlckard. Cap. C. W.; E. E. Bergman. S.
C. W. ; E. F. Holden. O. W. ; A Peterson.
O. W.; N. McWhert-r. N. C. W.: O. Uros
man. C. C.VC.; L. Randall. G. G. W. ; P.
Mourow. O. W. : E. A. Hearther. O. W.; C.
Nelson. O. W. ; A. Hodgklns, N. C W.i H M.
Stronleln, N. C. \V\; W. Mills G. G. W. ; F.
S. Wheeler, C. C. C; J. Valentl. C. C. C.
The Reno wheelmen will be rep
resented by three speedy riders. Los
Angeles has also sent a strong team.
The complete entry follows:
From the enormous entry received
for the bicycle races at Ingleside track
on Sunday it is evident that that once
popular sport has obtained a new lease
of life. Three hundred riders wUl take
part in the different events. The five
mile handicap race attracted an entry
of seventy. There will also be motor
races and contests for automobiles.
C. CLARK, OF BAY CITY "WHHEI^
MEN. OF WHOM MUCH IS EX
PECTED ON SUNDAY.
After the first two rounds Munroe
increased the length of the rounds to
six minutes. Indeed, he went four
teen minutes with the mitts and dur
ing that time took but two minutes'
rest. He appeared fresh at the end
of the boxing nnd was ready for more,
but his sparring partner -had enough.
A big crowd was on hand to see the
miner work out. and the doors of the
gymnasium had to be closed before
the fun commenced. Tim McGrath
has decided to charse an admission
fee of 23 cents hereafter. Just as he
did when Young Corbett was going
through his training stunts.
the Gymnasium.
It was a lively day at Jack Mun
roe's training quarters yesterday,
and from the time the big Butt«
minfr arose in the morning till the
sun 'was about to set he was at his
work with a vengeance. He ran on
the road, pulled the various muscle
creating machines about and then
boxed six fast rounds with Andy Gal
lagher and Jack Sullivan.
He started in with Gallagher ami
went a fast one-minute round. Then
without taking a rest he called for
Sullivan. He began to get lively right
away, and ere the bout was more
than a few seconds gone caught Sul
livan a short jolt on the jaw that
put him to the floor and nearly
scared him to death. He eased up
with Sullivan after that, but kept
Gallagher stepping about pretty
lively.
Big Miner Boxes and Works Out In
BUSY DAY FOR JACK MUXROE.
The fifth was the time the game
was fixed properly. Tay Streib open
ed it with a bingle to left and Graham
beat out a bunt. Bobby Ganley laid
up against one of Ham's floaters and
sent It a-skipping out to the score
board. Bobby kept on going, and^ so
did the runners. They both arrived in
safety, and the fleet-footed little fielder
turned an ordinary double into a clean
triple by his great sprinting.
Julie Streib started the fourth run
on its course for Oakland in the sev
enth by slapping out a single to right
center. Red Devereaux followed with
a similar one, and Byrnes pushed a
wobbler over Steelman's noodle which
let Jule arrive with the last one of the
day. The score:
Oakland — . Portland — •
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Gany, rf.3 Oil 0 >renn. cf.l O O 1 0
Krujr. of. 4 0 110 McCr. rf.4 0 2 1 1
Mosk. If.. 4 0 2 2 0 N'adctl, lf.4 0 0 0 0
Hchlf. 2b. 4 0 0 6 3 Iteck 2b. 4 O 2 T> 2
JStrb, lb.4 110 0 Kranls, 'n.4 0 0 2 5
Devr, :tb.4 0 2 2 2 Murp, lb.4 O 1 tt 0
Byrn. c.4 0 1 7 2|Steel, 3b.. 4 0 0 .2 2
TStrb, »..:! 2 1 2 3 Eheu, c ..2 O 0 « 1
Gran, p. .1,1 1 1 0 I berg. p. .3 0 0 0 2
Totals. 31 4 10 27 10 Total*. 30 0 6 24 13
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0— 0
Base hits 0 1 0 0 0 1 21 0—5
Oakland 0 0 1 0 2 1 0 0 x— 4
Base hits 1 0 2 0 3 3 0 1 x— 10
SUMMARY.
Errors — Francis, Shea, Murphy. T. Streib.
Three- hase hit — Ganley. Two-base hits — Beck.
Moskiman. Sacrifice hits — Graham, Ganley.
Flret base on errors — Oakland, 1; Portland, 1.
First baso on called balls — Off Graham, 4.
Left on bases — Oakland, 5: Portland, 7. Struck
out — By iberK, 5; by Graham. 6. Double
play — Devoreaux to J. Streib. Time of same —
One hour forty minutes. Umpire— Huston.
An error by Francis gave T. Streib
a start in the third, and the young
man was sacriliced to second and third
by Graham and Ganley. Then Mr.
Kruger came along with a large and
Juicy drive that lifted Mr. Sfeelman
several feet In the air and allowed Mr.
Streib to touch the plate. . Moskiman
eased a two-sackerout to right field,
but McCreedie nailed Kruger at the
pan by a brilliant throw. ,
Ham Iberg had a good collection of
the slow boys, but when the com
muters began to get right they could
hammer in runs without a great deal
of extra effort. All the hits were
bunched well on Ham, but Ganley's
triple in the fifth was the one / that
counted most.
Mr. O. Graham had about everything
yesterday a pitcher' needs to puzzle a
ball team, and it was not strange that
the Brownies should be chased away
from Recreation Park without having
accumulated any runs. They swung
and swung at Oscar's twisters, but it
brouarht them nothing, 'rtie five hits
were all scattered. Score:* Oakland 4.
Portland 0.
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
Oakland 37 27.578 Lo» Angeles.^5 81 .530
Tacoma 36 28 .562 San Fran. ..30 34 .4(5!)
Seattle 34 1!8 .WO Portland ...18 42 .300
(Pacific .Coast League.)
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
ST. LOUIS, June 2. — Jack McClel
land of Pittsburg was given the deci
sion over Abe Attell of San Francisco
to-night at the end of the fifteenth
round of the fight. Attell made a
claim' of foul after the thirteenth
round, but after a great deal of wrang
ling Referee Sharp declined to allow
it. McClellan had clearly the better
of the* tight from the first round. He
sent In stiff body and head punches
almost at will. Nour the end of the
thirteenth round McClelland landed «*
hard right to the stomach. Attell
curled up and went down, trying that
he had been hit below the belt.
He then went for a two-mile run
down the Middletown road, and on his
return a plunge and rub-down made
him look as fresh as a May poppy.
When the gong for luncheon sounded
Jeff was cne of the first ones away
from the work, easily distancing his
pretty and attentive wife.
At that Jeft dined sparingly, a bowl
of broth sufficient to feed an army of
unemployed and some Japanese rice
constituting the repast. After lolling
about until stage time he again strip
ped for action in the gymnasium- In
addition to skipping the rope, shadow
boxing and the like, Jeff wrestled with
the huge sand-bag, which weighs fully
200 pounds, for fifteen minutes.
More than likely this will be the last
time Jack Jeffries will train with his
famous brother. He has wearied of
stopping those so-called love taps,
which dent the frame and keep one
rocking like a hobby-horse, and will
probably devote his time to mining.
Jack Js interested in an Arizona pros
pect, and if the ore is all as good as
a piece he carries about In his pocket
Jack may in future become a multi
millionaire. He possesses a well
equipped library and will soon take a
course in chemistry- Apparently the
champion has not fully determined
what .vocation he will follow when the
ring and theatrical life cease to have
a charm. While Jeff admitted that he
would not be ashamed to again follow
his trade of boiler-making, he will haye
amassed a competence, ere many years
and the hammer and rivets will have
no fascination for him. !
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
HARBIN SPRINGS. June 2. — Sam
Berger, the big Olympic Club ama
teur, dropped into camp by this after
noon's stage, and, of course. It was at
once figured out that he had journey
ed hither to put on the gloves with
Champion Jeffries. Such is remotest
from the actual facts, however, for
while Sam may take a few pointers
for future reference, he came here for
a few days of rest and recreation.
The Olympian has soured on the box-
Ing game since his unsatisfactory bout
with Rodenbach and may not strive
again for honors in the ring.
"Jeff was feeling in fine fettle to
day, and If some burly chap anxious
to find out whether he could go some
had only happened along there would
have been some business transacted.
The big fellow Is rapidly rounding into
s'uperb. condition,, his wind being the
one defect. Short runs on the road
and plenty of boxing and wrestling
will quickly remedy this. Both fore
noon and afternoon saw the champion
at work in the gymnasium. In the
morning he skipped the rope, worked
the pulleys and wrist machine and
punched the bag. Four fast rounds of
sparring with his brother Jack fol
lowed. As Joe Kennedy is still un
able to put on the gloves owing to his
lame wrist,, the sturdy Sixth-street
fighter tugged and wrestled four
rounds with Jeffries. This is severe
work, and when through the champion
was perspiring as freely as though he
had been caught in a thunder shower
without an umbrella.
Goes Through Great Variety
and Amount of Exercises
in the Course of a Day
Bobby Sneaks in a Clout to
Score Board That Breaks
Up the Contest for Keeps
After Considerable Wrang
ling Referee Sharp Refuses
to Change His Decision
AN OPPORTUNE TRIPLE
" Siiih ratf. on? nnd a Fixt»enth miles, maidon
', three-year-olds, selling — SnJdola 112, Pata
irnlsn 112. Brooklrnlte 112. Trouvllle 112. St.
Gallon 112. Grantsilale 10T». Atr Bhip 103 Mem.
'ph!« 103 Kllillea KI9. The Cricket 100, Step
. Away 107. Hetty G 107. Rvkmart 107. Uelle
claire HC. Mutiny 102. Tom Lawson 104.
Westhfrr cloudy; track heavy.
. Third race, one and a quarter mile*, thrpe-
p.n<i up. hand lean — Africander 127
Andy Wi:ii;m.s 11.1. Hello 10i> Rricand U2
rtliics W. IU\tUl fOi, Ruby Ring SfJ.
. Fourth rac-«». about six furlongs the May
? ;;•>. thre^-year-olds — Dick ISerrard lf>K
Major P^lham lf>6. John F 1W, Niskayuna 104
Tioly Horpfajr 101. Gold I>ome 101. Rob Ror 9S*
MiHsin? Link M Witchcraft !K5, Steelmaker
*<;. Divination W. Peymour 96. Toi San 96
Gtad Smile 111, Chamrlain 101, Palette 91:
• l-Tflh race, five furloncs, two-year-oids
TOan<iy 117. Agile 107. Austin Al!«»n 107, Am
*5»rja^k 1"7. In'i-ader 107. Maximilian 104.' Chief
i;:il!ken 104. Councilman 104 Tonsuelo II 104
.1-3 IJc-Il" Viatlen OS, Kas>sil 9a, Bulwark 9T<i
?.; ¦-•'-.:, Gorman 90.
NEW YORK, June 2. — Reliable,
•with a heavy impost . up. will meet
Fhotsrun and other sprinters to-mor
row in th» six-furlong handicap at
Gravesend. The dav's entries are:
First race, fix furlongs, handicap — Reliable
347. Knot pup 126. Fire Eat«>r 114, Reliance
3OS. King IVpr*r 107. Monte Carlo 1O«J Jack
Retlla ion. Lord of the Valley '..5.
Sjcors-l rar«. Sve and a half furlonirs two
v»ar-clds. filing- — Recreo 107. Ik<» K lirr Oold
Flour 107. Rubric lf'2. Xorallgfat 102 First
B^ra mi. Par.seu"^ 1K». Jungle Imp 97 Esterrc
]<H Ciu«^n Ora 104 Water* id" !>4
GRATESEXD ENTRIES.
SIXTH RAfK— Five furlongs; purse; for
maiden two-year-old 1 -.
H-ttine. Hor«f. W>i«rht. Jockey Kt *; Fin
C to 1— A Lady. 112 (H.Philps) 3 2 3 1 1 '
J1 to 10— Gilpin. 132 <<>'Neill).. 4 0 4 ° 4
.« to 1— T.WediMl. 112 (HHbd) 2 1 h 5 s;
Time. 1 :(£! 3-5 Start good. Won driving.
Winner. E. R. Thomas' ch. c. by Faraday
•A»»i Vola. Tongorder Novena. idl^ Hours
Halmont. Obsri-ver. Fruit. Antimony Con
fpssor. Old Hal, Hazel Baker. Siglighr. Ros
crr>a. finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles
for three- year-olds and up
Jjetting. Horse Weight Jo. key. St. % Fin
Even— Africander.^! f Fuller) 1 2 15 1 1U
» to in— Hum Park.120 <Odom) 2 1 3 2 25
6<t to I— Rf> K :an. H*J (Hildebrd) 3 3 3
Time. l:.VM-3. Start good. Won driving
Winner. Hampton staMp'y h c. by Star Ruby-
Afric Queen. Three starters.
FOLRTH RACE— Five furlongs: The Crite
rion stakes of SOiiOO; for two-year-old fillies.
letting. How. Weight. Jockey. St. 3 4 Fin
• Even — Hchularcite. 114 iHlbni) 2 12 1 2H
30 to 1— Ohrj-uitls. 114 (O'Neill), fi 2 4 2 5
32 to 1— Simplicity. 114 (J.Martn) « 7 h 3 h
T:rr.«\ 1 AC 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
¦Winner. IV. J=. Fanchlon's it. f by Plaudlt-
I.'FPons*. i'alt and Pepper. Bella Pignora
Kismesha. E«:'.Iatrix. Princess Erin fini*h*<i as
r-ame<J.
TTTIRD RACE: — One ml!« and twenty yards;
th re*- rear-old*; handicap:
3>ttln«. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Et. •: Fin
Ito2— Wotan. 122 (Fuller) 1 l*i 112
12 to 1 — Alforten. 112 (Creamer).. S 2± 2 3
32 to 1— Palrr.bearer. 120 (Phillips) 2 8 1 3 h
Time. 3 :4*« 3-5. Start good. Won easily,
dinner. Hampton Stable's b. r. by Wasne'r-
T'n<3ec!'ie<l. Garnish. The Southerner P»ntaur
T.?m Cod, Ascetic, Hippocrates, finished as
Drmed,
SECOND RACE— About two miles; rteeple
r!.ase; four-year-nld* and up; selling-:
Brttlcg. 'Hnrse. Wc'ght. Jockey St \ Fin
8 to r. — Cock Robtn.1.%3 (O'Brien) 4 2 10 1 B '
J'toM — W. Cleary. US fDayton). 2 11 2 10
3* to 5— Captivate, 143 (Ray) 8 3 6 3 3li
Time, 4:10 8-5. Start gocd. Won easilv
"Nir.ner. W. C. Hayes 1 ch. g. by Tes. Tray
< Ufhat. Oakrrstt. L'bretto, Llpton. Ea'it
Kelston. finished as named.
The only other starter was Raglan,
but when the two older horses really
began to race along the back stretch
fhe was 3«ft far behind, notwithstand
ing that as a two-year-old she ran well
over Just such tracks. Africander was
conceding six pounds to Hurst Park
• nd he succeeded in doing it. but the
state of the track was so much in the
•winner's favor that it must not be
taken as a fact that the Suburban
•winner of 19CJ can defeat Hurst Park
as decisively on a dry track. Sum
ir. ariea:
FIRST RACE— About »!x furlongs; tlire*
y*ar-ol<Js ar.d up; ««i;inr:
.Betting. Ht.rse. Weight. Jockey. St. K Fin.
31 to 10— Aftarlta. 1OJ (O'Neill).. 1 lj iii
. 2 to 1 — Judge l»ntcn.92 fCrime) 7 3 h 2 3'4
Ertto 1— Dapple Go!d. »4 (Jones). 5 4h Sh
Time, 1 :12. Etart Fair. Won easily. Win
rer. N. nenr.1r.fton» b. f. by Bathampton-
Lol.a A. Witchcraft.. Hydrangea. Toung Henry,
rf.ietie. Gold Pome, Mary Gleon. Gar Lo
tl-.arlo. Tunjac'-se Blue. Princess Tltania.
¦F.mhajErton. Oradell. Lord Melbourne OrlofT
Thistle Heather, flnished as" named.
.VEW YORK. June 2.— By far the
most Interesting event run over the
muddy Gravesend course to-day was
ttiat afforded In the fifth race, when
two popular horses, Africander and
Hurst Park, raa like a double team
for a half mile. Africander was near
est the rail, presumably the deepest
part of the course, yet this did not
appear to impair his stride to any per
ceptible degree. Hurst Park, whose
sire, Kingston, was not a mud horse,
ran well and it was only in the last
furlong that the anxious backers of
Africander could safely venture to re
gard their wagers as won. Even then
Hurst Tark was not a badly beaten
horse.
SIXTH RACE — Mile and three-sixteenths;
purse; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. ?4 Fin.
Kven— Broodier, 108 I< Wallace) 1 1 tt 1 1»£
5 to 2— Momphlan. 102 /McMull) 2 2 2 2 8
13 to 1— Miss Eon, 102 (D.Austin) 6 3 6 3 0
Time, 2:13*>. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. R. W. Marks & Co.'s ch. g. (5) by Service-
Miss Baker. Daddy Bender 99. Sister Lillian
97. Murmur !>7. Little Tommy Tucker 100,
finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — One mile; two-year-olds and
up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
5 to 2— Pathos. 113 (Dale) 4 2 1%1 h
7 to 2 — Mainspring, 102 (McLau) 6 4 2 2 2
0 to 1— Dolinda, a3 (Perkins)... 13331
Time, 1:55 1^. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. P. J. Nolan's ch. h. (4) by Cayuga-
Julia May. Algonquin 88. Trapeetter 102, Car
nelian 108, finished as named.
Time. l:23?i. Start good. Won ridden out.
Winner, J. C. Calm's b. f. (3) by Russell-
Memorial. Ancke 10S also ran.
FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs; purse; three
yesr-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fln._
8 to 5— McnJella. 87 (Perkins).. 4 2 4 In
11 to 5— Elastic. 122 (Dale) 2 1 n. 2 10
5 to 2 — Tower. 90 (H. Anderson) 1 3 (i 3 20
THIRD RACE^-Slx and a half furlongs;
purse; three-year-olds and up.
Betting Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »; Fin.
» to 5— Alfto 108 (H. Anderson) 4 2 111
5 to 1-Dr. Kler. 104 (Wallace). 1 1 3 2 n
8 to 1— John II. 108 (Jenkins).. 7 8 3 3 12 1
Time, 1:32H, Start good. Won driving.
Winner. G. C. Bennett & Co.'» ch. h. (1> by
Fonso-Flyaway. LUa Noel 83. Immortelle 99,
La Amanda !•!. Jerry 9U. finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Four and -a half furlongs:
purse; two-year-olds.
Betting Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even — My Eleanor, 10S> (McMln) 4 3 3 1 % •
2 to 1— The Druggist. 100 (Wllce) 12 3 2 1
3 to 1— Edith May. 109 (D.Austn) 5 4 5 3 5
Time. 1:04. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. 12. A. Chlnn & Co.'s br. f. (2) by St.
George-Tynnette. Laurel L /10S, A Lady lul>,
finished as named
ST. LOUIS, June 2. — Over a track
fetlock deep in mud, Mordella won the
Delmar Handicap to-day from Lemp's
big gelding, Elastic. The latter, un
der a heavy impost, ran a wonderful
race and it took Mordella's life to
keep her nose in front. Favorites had
another great day, the form players
handing it to the bookmakers heavily.
Seven books dropped out of the ring
owing to depleted bankrolls. A good
crowd took part In the slaughter of
the books. The weather, was rainy
and the track muddy. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; purse; three
year-olds.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. 8t. % Fin.
7 to 6— Radium, 100 (Perkins).. 3 14 1 10
5 to 1— Clr. Arena, 109 (D.Austn) 6 2 7 2 3
4 to 1 — Lady Fonse, 100 (Andrsn) 0 7 5 3 n
Time. 1:22. Start poor Won easily. Win
ner. D. J. Sullivan's b. f. (3) by Russell-Sll
vertone. Faunette 106. Minges 105. Nellie
Cromwell 105. Easter Walters 100 Sadie Burch
109. finished as named. Miss Gabrlelle Watts
100 left.
CHAMPION IN FINE FORM
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs: three-year
o'ds and ud; curse:
Batting. How Welalit. Jockey. St. '', Fin.
Rtol— Woodson KXJ (Kelly) 5 2h 12
3 to 1— The Crisis. 112 (Hooker).. 1 1 1*42 h
Sto 1-Emp. of India. 108 (Jhnsn) 4 4 h 3 1«,
Time. 1:13. SHart good. 'Won cantering.
Wlr.ner. L. B. Dickerson & Co.'s blk. c. (3)
t>y St. George- Execution. Clifton Forge 10»J,
Mlrdora 110, Peter J 107, Bay wood 111, fin
ished as named.
FIFTH RAC#— On» and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up; Bellini::
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
R to 5 — Ppencerian. fil (Knapp).. 1 2 3 11
20 to 1— Schoolmate. U6 (Con way) 5 3 h 2 2
7 to 1— Jerry Lynch. 93 (Harris). 3 4 3 3 U t
Time. 1:48 1-5. Start good.- Won easily.
Winner, Mrs. H I>rnham'i b. f. <3) by Free
Knight-Parah I>avis. Thane 103. Major Man
sir 1C5, flnlfhed as named.
FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-year
olds; Durse:
Betting. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. »i fin.
Even — Lurarlon, 114 (Nlcol) 1 3h 1 2»4
l.'i to 1— Florenttn«\ 108 (Booker). 3 22 2 1> 5
6 to 2— Scotch Irish. 10S (Kelly). 5 6 1 3 2
Time, 1:01 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. Fred Cook's b. c. by Cesarion-Lura
F. Michael Byrnes 111. Vidalia 111. Trolota
105. Mart Gentry 105. finished as named.
THIRD RACE — One mile; three -year- olds
and up; handicap
Betting. Uoree. Weight. Jockey. St. a; Fin.
13 to 2 — Gregor K. 109 (Prior).. 3 4 2 In
13 to 5 — Moharib. 10.1 (Aubuchon) 8 5 7 2 h
9 to 1 — Walnamn,104 (A.Booker) 4 2 1Vj3 4
Time. 1:42. Start Rood. Won driving. Win
r.er. William Hedges * Co.'s b. g. (4) by Pho
nlx-Kola. Glassful 106. Byways 100, Bragg
107 finished as named.
PECOND RACE — Seven furlongs; four-year
olds and up; relllng.
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. Et. »i FJn.
13 to 10— Admonition.120 (Laren) 6 12 11%
5 to 1— Montanic. 131 (Prior).." 2 1 24
20 to 1— Weird. 121 (Harris')... 4 3 iy>3 l
Time. 1:30. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. Tiehenor & Co.'s br. h (G) by Hanover-
Kelp. Eoundllng 122. Ml Relna 117. Zyra 129.
Emigre 126. Jackful 119, Marchmont II 127,
Paramount 122. Charlie Granger 121. Black
thorn 122, Safeguard 129. Jaubert 129. Frank
Kenney 134. finished as named.
Time. 1:15. Start rood. Won easily. Win
ner. Talbot Bros." ch. c. (4) hy The Commoner-
Raining Dew Don't Ask Me 119 Vestlna Bell
IOC. Gene Handlon 111 Arab 106 My Jane
106. Singing Master 108 Nannan 101. Mary
Pine 119. Star Nova 114. Llllle Jones 112,
SnlFhed as named.
CHICAGO. June 2. — Cloudy weather
kept the attendance down at Haw
thorne this afternoon. The track was
In good shape and the fields were large
in most of the races, there being few
scratches. Glassful gave the talent a
fearful thumping in the third race.
He opened at 2 to 1 and was backed
down to 9 to 5. He had all the best
of the start and then failed to flnlsh
in the money.
The . race furnished a grand finish.
Glassful went out to make the pace.
He could never get far away from his
field. Both By Ways and Walna
moinen were right after him. On the
turn for home Glassful chucked It up.
Wainnmoinen then passeM By "Ways
and led to the stretch. She was on
the rail and in the last fifty yards
Gregor K passed her. Moharib came
on the extreme outside with a mag
nificent rush, but could not quite get
up in time, Gregor K winning by a
nose. The price about the winner was
6% to 1 at po»t time.
A good sized killing was made on
the victory of Tichenor's Admonition
in the second race. Opening at 2 to 1,
so much money was poured in on the
bookmakers that 13 to 10 was the best
at post time. Three favorites won.
Summary:
FlP.S'fr RACE— Purs*; three-year-olds and
up: Fix furlongs.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
IS to &— Est. Palma.121' (A.Bkr) 7 6 2 12
21 to 5 — Freslas 10ti (Mountain) 4 4 h 2 1
10 to 1— Triumvir. 10$ (Johnson) 8 7 4 3 2
LOSER CLAIMS A FOUL
0. Graham Keeps Them All
Guessing With Deceptive
Left Handed Ins and Outs
Olympic Club Amateur Has
No Intention of Donning
Gloves at Harbin Springs
Pittsburg Boxer Clearly Out
fights the Californiai.
" Throughout the Contest
Son of Star Ruby Shows a
Liking for the Muddy
Going.
Bookmakers Are Hard Hit
at the Delmar Race
tracK.
Gregor K Wins by a Nose
From Wainainoinen at
Hawthorne Track.
BROWNS SWING
WITHOUT AVAIL
BERGER NOTES
JEFFRIES' WORK
ATTELL LOSES
TO M'CLELLAND
AFRICANDER DEFEATS HURST PARK
IN STIRRING RACE AT GRAVESEND
WHEELMEN AND MOTORISTS WILL RACE AT INGLESIDE TRACK
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY. JUNE 3, 1904
BIG ENTRY
ASSURED FOR
CYCLE MEET
PICNIC AT 6UTRO PARK. — The sixteenth
annual picnic of the German Ladles' Benevo
lent Society will be held at Sutro Park, Fruit
vale, Sunday, June 12.
1 he dowager Empress of China re
, ctrftly placed an order for fifty motor
cart to be "made in Germany."
POLES TO HOLD PICNIC. — The thlrty
flrst annual excursion and picnic of the So
ciety of Poles and Lithuanians of California
will be held at Schuetzen Park, San Rafael,
Sunday, June 5. There will b« games and
races for which suitable prizes will be awarded.
sided.
"Echoes of the General Conferense"
was the general subject of the meet
ing. Many excellent speeches were
made by prominent members of the
church. The edifice was packed to
• the door? and much applause greeted
the ppeakers. Bishop Neally spoke
on "The Building Up of the Church
nnd the Better Work Done Among
Toung Men." Dr^J. M. Buckley, edi
tor of the New York Christian Advo
cate, addressed the audience on "The
Law .of the General Conferente."
Bishop Harris gave an interesting talk
.on "The "Work in Japan."
The meeting was an enjoyable and
interesting one and the Men's League
premises a similar one for next month.
Mnnj- Prominent Speakers Address
I.arpr* Andlencc on Different Sub
jects of Religions Interest.
The regular monthly meeting of the
Men's Methodist League was held last
right at the Central Methodist Church
on Mission street, near Sixth. John S.
Allen, president of the league, pre-
ilKX'S METHODIST TEAGUE
Holds movihly meeting
10
AD VXSTISEMENT S. - ¦ . -, .-.'.- r
far^fy TASTE MM
VU I / The absence of a disagreeable ****»»
K /\ foreign or "afterUtte," prov- * W
P^i*% ing scrupulous cleanliness during &
r^tfffo \ the brewing process. fj
I ' f • ¦ I e great ma ) or \ t 7 o' beers possess a mouldy j
I j*. \ I or mQS *7 flavor,' which leaves a most disagree- }
I /Jfflllil 1 1 * ble twan S in the mouth of the drinker. I
M/fl ll\\ It This is due solel 7 to la ck of cleanliness, many I
fy/lllnVy/ brewers being indifferent to this virtue. In 1
E^jZ/ y brewing the famous • I
|§p^ A. B. C. Beers I
LfgjPk ( The only beer bottled exclusively at the Brewery) V
8$§S""'i!> tne m °st scrupulous cleanliness is exercised over «11
g$& 1 vessels, pipes or mny object with which the beer
11 comes in contact, and every precaution that will con-
jL duce to sanitary purity is employed.
IT The American Brewing Co., St. Louis. U. S. A.
V HILBERT MERCANTILE CO,
gl . ' Wholesale Dealers. jtShipping Intelligence.
. ARRIVED.
Thursday. June J.
U S etmr Tacoma, Nicholson. 1* days from
lime Ball.
BraiJfb Ilydrographic Of lice. U. S. N., Mer
chantK* Exchange.' San Fran&sco. CaJ..
Jdne 2. I'.*'*.
The Time Bull on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon today —
t. *.,.z\' noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C BURNETT.
Llcutesant. U. S. N.. In charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
jVnitful States Coaet and Geodetic Survey —
r Time and Height of High and Low Waters
a( Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
, Bay. Published by offlatal authority of the
fBuperlnt«nde»t. ••- .-... ;,
KOTK — The high and low waters occur at
tu city Jrcst (UlEEton- street whart) about S5
Steamer. For. Sails. -
fcoltbln Skagway & Way Port*. Juno 3
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael . . . Jane *
Victoria Nome Juna 4
City Seattle.. Skaxway & Way Ports. June 6
Karallon Skagway & Way Ports. June 8
J. Dollar ValJfz & Seward June 8
Bertha Valdes A Way Ports.. June 10
Tampieo...'.- Nome fc Et. Michael... June 12
Cottage City. Skagway St Way Porta. June 12
Valencia. Nome June 14
Santa Ana... Cooks inlet Ic Way Pta. j June 16
FROM SEATTLE.
Gives Judgment In Favor of City.
Justice of the Peace . Golden yester
day gave judgment in favor of the city
in the »uit;of E. H. Herrick for $96
for. work done as a painter in th6 year
1893. Judge .Golden decided that the
evidence showed there was . a deficit
in the municipal funds of that ; year
aud the demand of $9d'was included
in' a" subsequent demand of the year
1894, which was paid to Herrick.
itailroad Material for Hawaii.
•The steamer Arlaonan, »-hfth was cleared
yt-sterday for New Ycfk via Seattle and Hono
lulu .carried cargo for the Hawaiian Islands,
valued at $1O.OSO. and consisting of 19C1 wl
rails. ';<>'.< ;..(<••* and 40 jx s assorted railroad
material and 150 pes and 4 pksa cf structural
eteel. Th* *-:tc-amer also carried 112 range
belief*. JliJ pkgs pumps and parts. 1 pkg
machin« > r> - and 1 redwood log, consigned to
N«r York.
Chinatown Squad's Report.
Sergeant H. H. Christiansen, ' in
charge ot. the Chinatown squad, filed
bis report for the month of May with
acting Chief Martin yesterday. Tho
report shows' that 178 arreata were
made, during the month: 46 persons
were convicted and paid fines; 22 con
victed and confined, and 110 dismissed.
The total fines and forfeitures
amounted to 1355. The report is
looked upon with satisfaction from
the fact that since January 26 there
has been an injunction in force re
straining the police from interfering
with' gambling and lottery resorts.
Shipments for tlie Xoith.
Th*', eteatner City of Buebla, which sailed
en ; Monday for Victoriar carried an assorted
tnertrnandise carjo >cn«lgned to the port ol
destination and other BrltiFh Columbian ports.
v««ued~at JK712 and including the fallowing;.
ffiS r >¦'•.>¦ fresh fruits, 130 pkgs tresh , veget
ables.. 110 i v.".- onions. S pkgc potatoes. <>1.810
¦ -: malt 3750 lbs dried fruit. 2425 lbs raisins,
:-•'. »i. H-- -¦!«. 511 Ibo coffee, 51O P,s meuln.
C3 ca . canned goods, 12 pkgs groceries and
provisloni!, 106 gals wine, 240 bxs paste, 25
cs "tyrup. 10S1 Ihs beans. IS pkg* table pre
parations, 7069 lbs pig tin. 2<> rolls building
•rape*, V cs firearm* 2 pkgs machinery, 5
;:¦:•> oil. 12 cyl: gas. IS c« drug?, 2 rolls
Irather. 1 b£i steel. 19 pkgs bicycles and
.-*..:"<.•-. l(A> tins' ajatches.
Matter* of Interest to Mariner* and
Sbipplns Merchants.
NEWS OI?' TliE OCEAN".
. The echconer E. B. Ja^kron is chartered
for lumber frcm Grays Harbor to Hbbart at
«Qs; rteaiuer Uyade*. came businees, from
Portland to Manila — chartered by the United
"Ft&Vs Oowrnment. The baik Andrew Welch
rvturnc to Ucnolulu with general cargo.
Steadier. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Jon* 3.
Czarina Coos B^y direct. . . 5 pm Pier S
Iaqua Humboldt 2 pmlPUr 2
Pomona Humboldt l:.'!0p'Pler 9
S. Monica.. | Grays Harbor 4. pmJPier 2
Jxmrn 4. I
Pt. Arena..] Point Arena 4 pmlPler 2
Coos Cay... San Pedro & Way. » amiPier 11
Aiimrfi... Honolulu .' IK am! Pier 7
Umatllia... Pus»-t Sound Ports. 11 amjPler 9
1 City Sydney N Y. via Panaaia-112 mi Pier 40
I ScrapU Hambnrs & Way..|12 mjPier 10
June 5. . .;(• -
Alliance Eureka It Coos Bay 9 am Pier 1<J
S. Rosa San Die?o & Way. 9 an.|Pi«r U
Juna 6. I
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pmlPler 20
S. Uarhnra. ixtm Angeles Ports. 0 pm|PIer 2
CentraSla — | Los Angeles Ports. 10 am! Pier 10
Columbia. . .; Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Corona Humboldt l:30pPler 9
. JVO.9 7.
; San Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm'Pier 2
"fcureka Humboldt 0 am Pier 13
C. Nelpon.. Nome & Teller.... Pier 20
i Curacao Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
June 8. ' I
I Bonlta Newport & Way... 0 am! Pier 11
| Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pmlpier 20
¦ Sr<i'joia. ... Wlllapa. Harbor 4 pm|ri«r 20
| Arctic Humboldt 4 pm'Pier 2
I Breakwater Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 8
Aalencla... Nome via Seattle.. 11 amIPler »
fliainier Seattle & Bellntthm 4 pmlPler 10
'Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 10 am|Pler 13
Jane 9.
State of Cal San Diego &. Way. 9 am Pier 11
Potno Pt. Arena & Albion S pm Pier .2
Areo Eel River Ports... : 4 pmjPler 2*
Queen Euget Soifnd Ports. 11 am Pier a
June 11. !
G. W. Eldrri Artorta & Portland 11 amIPler 24
Siberia China & Japan I 1 pmJPier 40
Newport.... N. V. via Panama. 112 mi Pier 4*
Juae 12. [
Newburg... Grays Harbor ) 4 pm|Pier 10
WaUT Front Kates.
Ts$re was no change reported yesterday in
the rate of reinsurance of any vessels on
tfce overdue lii"t.
• :.. bark Mary L. Cashing sailed June 1
from Guam for Port Townstnd.
The. Italian cruiser Lis-ria. which left h»re
•on>e time ago lor the Orient, sailed yester
day frcm Honolulu. .
Tfce Kosmojc liner Rerapi- put in here yes
terday from Nanalmo to finish loading cargo
Tor HB.r»burr.
LIMERICK— Sailed May 81— Bx ship Monk
barns, for New York.
LONDON— Sailed June 1— Ger stmr N,!caria,
for San Francisco.
VENTNOR— Passed May 31— Br ship Bal
moral, from Antwerp, for Seattle.
ROTTERDAM— Salted May 30— Fr bark
Guethary. #or San Francisco.
SHANGHAI— Sailed May SI— Br stmr Sat
eunia, for New York.
Sailed June 2— Schr Mlndoro, for Hakodate.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed May 31— Br etmr Tar
tar, for Vancouver.
GUAM— Sailed June 1— Bark Mary L. Cush
lng. for Port Townsend. - ' .
DUNCENESS— Passed June 1— Fr stmr
Amiral Hamlin, from Santa Rosalia, for
Havre.
HULL — In port May IB — Fr bark Jules Gom
mee, for. Portland. Or.
Ocean steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 2— Stmr Teu
tonic, from Liverpool; ttmrs DeutschJar.d and
Graf Waldersee, from Hamburg.
Sailed June 2 — Stmr : La Touralna, from
Havre: stmr Moltke, from Hamburg; stmr
Grosser Kurfurst. from Bremen.
¦ HAVRE — Arrived June 2 — Stmr La Savoie,
from New York.
CHERBOURG— Sailed June 1— Stmr KaUer
WUhelm II. from Bremen and Southampton,
for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 2— Stmr Eovlc,
from New York; stmr Buenos Ayrean, from
Montreal, for Glasgow. -
Arrived June 2 — Stmr Ottoman, from Port
land; atmr Saxonla, from Boston.
. HAMBURG— Sailed May 31 — Stmt Klngsto
nian, from. Boston. - ' --•"/
BERMUDA— Sailed Juna 2— Stmr Pretoria
for New York. - '
COLOMBIA— Arrived May 27— Stmr Stenter,
from Liverpool, lor Shanghai and Seattle.
NAPLES — Arrived June 2— Stmr Koenlg Al
bert, from New York, and sailed for Genoa.
Sailed June 1 — Stmr Romanic, from Boston,
via Marseilles, for Genoa.
GLASGOW— Sailed . Juno 1— Stmr Sarma
tlan. tax Boston.
QUEEN6TOWN — Arrived June 2— S(mr
Noordland, ¦ from Liverpool, for Philadelphia;
atmr Cedric from Liverpool, for N«w York.
Sell a Sackf ul, la Booked on
Many Charts.
Fred Pierce, Arrested While Trying to
Fred Pierce, alias H.^Bridges, alias
Briggs. an ex-convlct, 'was arrested
yesterday morning by Detectives Re
gan and O'Corinell and booked at the
City Prison on two charges of petty
larceny, second offense, and eight
charges of petty larceny. A hundred
charges might have been registered
against him.
The police have received many com
plaints from property owners through
out the city that the brass caps on
standpipes in buildings had been sto
len. Regan and O'ConneH were de
tailed on the case. They discovered
that two loads of brass caps had been
sold to a second-hand dealer on Mis
sion street, between Third and Fourth.
The detectives kept a close watch
on the Junk shop and yesterday morn
ing Pierce was seen to enter the store,
carrying a sackful of the caps. He
was promptly placed under arrest and
locked up in the City Prison.
ACCUSED OF STEALING
LOADS OF BRASS CAPS
TO SAIL.
Steamer. From. ! Due.
City Peking.. New York via Panama. jjun«» 3
Santa Cruz... Fan Pedro & Way Pts.lJune .1
North Fork. . ' Humboldt ! June 3
laqua • fr'an Pedro 'June 'J
Centennial.-.j Seattle & Tacoma jJune 3
Alliance ; Portland & Way Ports.! June 3
Columbia Portlaml & Astoria 'June 3
San Pedro.... Humbolilt ...|June 3
Del Norte ; Crescent City !Juna 3
Sjtr.ta Monica ; Ean Ptdro jJune. 3
P.-ii.r»T • Prattle- & Bellingbam. JJune 3
Chas. N«Ison- : Humboldt I June 4
J. HlFc'.n*. ..! Port Lou Angeles 'June 4-
Coiuna. i Humboldt |June 4
San Mateo..-' Tunma IJune 4
VH'klnaw... j Tacoma 'June 4
Arctic j Huir.bol'Jt !June 5
v ..!•:.!!« • Puget Sound Ports ! June 5
Rontta. ..£..! Ncwjwrt & Way Ports, j June S
Eureka...... Bumboldt IJune .1
G Lindaucr.. "irays Harbor jJune S
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor (June 5.
Arro E>1 River Ports IJune 6
S. Barbara. .. I Seattle & Oiympla June C
! Ventura ] Sydney & Way Ports. 'June 6
State of Cal.. San T>l*fro & Way Pta. IJune <J
Centralla. . .. Gray* Harbor .Tune 6
Arca'a Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.iJune fi
Aurella Portland A A rtoria (June 7
Elizabeth Coqutlle River June 7
Pomo Point Arena & Albion. June 7
Pomona HumboKt 'June 7
G W. Elcier- . Portland & Astoria (June 8
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. I Jure 9
Eanta Rosa. . Ean Diego & Way Pts.|.Iune 9
Coptic China & Japan (June 0.
Coom Bay...- , Ban Pedrn & Way Pta. IJune 9
City Para New York via Panama. jJune 10
Alcoa China & Japan IJune 10
City Puebla.. I Puget Sound Ports IJune 10
Jeanle ' Seattle & Tacoma. | June 13
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Smart Triy From the Islands.
The brig Geneva, which left Mahukor.a
t»flve days zzo for this pwt. wa » *iR*>t»"l nft
the Faraiione« at 3:*f» yesterday afternoon.
If "febe does not e«*t inio port for several day?
•*!*: wiU etiil have made th«- best pHMfl
V- .Tried fnr' urn: time. The lwi.rttent.neS. O.
Wilder. whi<h arrived yesterday from Hono
lulu w»s twenty-one day* coming from tea
i*!an4 port.
«
To tio Into ComniLsj-ion Soon.
Th* gpreckels eienir.er Breakwater, which
ha> been remon>iwl for tl:e c-jaFt trad»>, will
lerve here May *> for her first trip to Coos
6ay. ' On the. trip from Nor- Orleans, where
hb*-" was bourht. the Brtakwatrr proved «n
•kceptionU'.y flne sea boat and wiH be the
handsomest versel of her class engaged in
the coatt trade. 'Captain Geonre Swtmans.
who n»vir*t«^d the HreaJcwaler from New Or
l«ah«. will command her on this coaet.
DLiCusscd the War.
. DaVid Clarke, an admirer of th* Japanese,
discussed ihe war in the Far East resterdny
with a larg-e lonri-horeman whuK sympathy
i«. with. Huivis. Clarke had some pood anru
m£jrt»> and miriit have won ovw the large
Irti^shoreman had not U*e latter' n temper run
.away with him. At the Hcrbor Hospital four
stltche*. were taken in a wound that exposed
jh<. bone of Clarke's forehead, and tfc* edpes
«>[' his' ielt eye were cart-fully and antiseptic
ally hemmed by Fureeon Kucich.
"With uhat wn» this done?" inquired the
.neSico. as he clipped off the loose ends of
the etitcLt*. ~. '.**
VAn Irishman's fist," w*» the brief but
luminous reply.
For Sale — Stock in Metropolitan Laun
dry Co. — $5009. 49 shares of preferred
stock and 29 shares of common stock.
Joseph F. Clark. 43 Market st.. City. •
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
frTday7~j~unc 3. —
Sun rise* *-'-<8
. K an pets 7:27
Moon rises 1 1 :23 p. m.
! H iTime! 'Time! jTimel ITImel
b j pt. I 1 Ft . | 1 Ft . 1 Ft.
»• [h w! |l w| !ii wi |l wj
3 I 2:11 ! 4.«' 0:00, O.:;|T:27! 4.7! 9:30] 3.2
4 I 3:nf!! 4.11 9:43; O.flj 5:W| 4.7110:42 3.1
5 ! 4:0ft! 3Sl10:2S 1.2 5:4S| 4.9:11:50 2.U
« ! B:12i 3.5'11:1S 1.5 G:'2»\ 5.f !
!L W| !H Wl . L W !H W
7 I <>:4«l 2.*> <::27; 3.4 12:10 1.7 7:O7i 5.1
I «jl:.1J« l.s! 7:37' 3.«i 1 :0i>| 2.0 7:43 S.2
i 0 , 2:14) 1.2! 8:441 3.8; 1 :42| 2.2| S:1«i 5-4
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tld«-e
the early morr.fnK tides are Riven in the left
hand cr!umn and the successive tide* of tha.
day in the ordrr of occurrence as to time: th»
fourth time column givf* the last tide of tho
day. exempt when there ar» but three tides, as
*s<rrftimes occurs. Tiic heights (riven are In
addition to the rounding* of the United States
Oiast Survey charts, except when a minus < — )
fisn precedes the height and then the number
piven i* Fubtrsct<:d from the depth Kiven by
the chart*. The plane of reference is the man
of the lower low waters. .
Marine Commission Takeg a Rwsi.
BOSTON, Mass., June 2.— -Senator
Gallinger, chairman of the Congres
sional Marine Commission of Inquiry,
said to-day that the hearings of the
commission would be closed until
after the Republican National Con
vention, when they will bo resumed at
Detroit, Cleveland and Buffalo.
There were memories of the Klon
dike rush in the appearance of Steuart
•street wharf yesterday for several
hours before the sailing of the steam
ship St. Paul, which left at 2 o'clock
fi. njL for Cape Nome and St. MichaeL
The St. Paul. Captain C. E. Lindquist
in command, was deeply laden with
freight and had on board 450 passen-
For every passenger on the vessel
there were a dozfcn friends on the
v. harf which 'has rarely carried such
son for St. Michael. The SL Paui
is= the second of the Alaska Commer
cial Company's- fleet to !e«ve this .^a
p< n for St. Michael. The Portland
sailed 13 days ago with all the passen
gers she could carry.
¦ Ger etmr Serapis. Reiner, 3i£ day* from Na
naimo, put in to finish loading.
Nor ftmr Tellua. ArnUen, 02 hours from
Ladywnith.
Ftmr Whitesboro, Olsen. 16 hours from
Greenwood. Up river direct.
Stmr F. A. Kilburn, Jahnsen, 7 hours » from
Port Rodcers.
Htmr Point Arena. Miller. 14 hours from
Metidocino. via Point Arena 12 hours.
Sunr Sanla Rofs. Alexander, 41 hours from
San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Gipsy. Lcland. 22 hours from Monterey
and way riortn.
Stmr Newsboy, Adler. 40 hours from Cres
cent City.
Brifr Geneva. Treanor. 19 days from Mahu
kona.
Uark Roderick I>hu, EngaUs, 10 days from
Milo.
Bktn 8. G. Wilder, Jackson, 21 days from
Honolulu.
Hktn Arago, ScnMnen. C days from WIDapa
Harbor * -
Wohr Foarlere, Lllyequlst, 0 dajs from Bel
1 Ing hum.
Schr Webfnot. Lewis. 8 days from Coon ,Bay.
Schr Onward, Thomas. 5% days from Eu-
Thursday. June 2.
Stmr St. Paul, Lindquipt. St. Michaels, via
Nome; Northern Commercial Company.
Simr Arizonnn. Lyons, New York, via Hon
olulu and Seattle; Williams, Dimond & Co.
Schr Laura Madden, Cook, St. Lawrence
Island; Foster & Co.
Hchr Fortuna. Swanscn, Cape Prince of
Wales; S. Foster & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, June 2.
Stmr State of California. NlcoUon. San
Diego and way ports.
Stmr F. A. Kilburn. Jahmten. Port Rodgers.
Stmr M..KKK-, Corning, Half moon. Bay.
Stmr Eureka. Je«sen. Eureka.
Stmr St. Par], Lindquist, St. Michaels, via
Nome.
Stmr Argo, Dunham. Kel River.
Stmr Brooklyn, Johnson. Eureka.
Stmr Porao, Ahlin, Albt»n River.
Schr Conflanza. Johnson, Notk-ys Landing.
Schr Laura Madsen, Cook, St. Lawrence
Island.
Schr Fortuna, Swanscn. Cape Prince- of
Wales. . <>
Schr Western Home, Welder, WiUapa Har- '
bor.
Schr Ivy, LTndqulst, Coos Bay.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Dudega.
RETURNED TO PORT.
June 2 — Schr Laura Madsen, Cook, hence to
day, for St. Lawrence Island, returned to port
on accuunt of carrying away deck lashings and
shifting deck carco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBCS. June 2, 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 30 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
Per U 8 stmr Tacoma— May 31, 400 miles
SW of San. Francisco, npoke schr Caroline, from
San Petlro. for Umpqua.
Per bark Roderick Dliu — May 31. In lat 39
N. long 120 04 W, bark Gerapd C. Tobey, from
Honolulu, for San Francisco.
"¦ I DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 2— Stmr City of
Puebla, hence May 30.
Sailed June 1 — Stmr Dirlgo, for Skagway;
stmr K.xct'lelur, for Valdes.
Sailed Jims a, O a m — Stmr Valencia, for
San Francisco.
Sailed. June 1 — Bark Coryphene, for Solomon
Hlvcr.
Sailed June 2 — Stmr Mon^ara, for San Fran
cisco.
BALLARD— Arrived Juno 2— Bkta ' Willie
R. Hume, from San Pedro.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Juno 1— Bktn
Quickstep, hence May 13.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed June 1— Schr Jen
nlo Wand, for San Francisco; schr F. M. 'Slade,
for Sydney.
Arrived Juno 2 — Schr San Buenaventura,
hence May 19; schr Glendale, hence. May 2J_
* Sailed June 2 — .Stmr G. C. Llndauer, for San
Francisco,
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed June 1— Stmr
Bonlta, for San Pedro, i
Arrived June 2 — Stmr Chehalis, hence June 1.
FAHALLON ISLAND — Passed June 2. 3:30
p m — Uric Geneva, from Mahukona, for San
Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived June 2— Bktft J. L. Ev
iston, from Port Los Angeles; ship Henry Fail
ing hence May 10; stmr Mlneola, hence May
30. '
TATOOSH — Paoeed out Juno 2 — Stmr Ore
gon, from Seattle, for Nome. Passed in — Schr
E. K. Wood, from San Pedro, for Belllngham;
ischr Camano, henco May 18, for Port Gamble.
Passed in June 2 — Bark Prussia^ hence May
1U, for Port Blakeley; gtror Melville Dollar,
honoe May 30, for Tacoma; schr Robert H.
Hind from Redondo, for Xanalmo.
ASTORIA— Arrived June 2— Schr Mabel Gale,
from Sen Pedro.
EUREKA — Sailed June 2— Stmr Despatch
for Astoria.; stmr North Fork, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT TOWXSEND-P«»ed In June 2— Bktn
Portland; from San Pedro, for Tacoma
REDONDO— Arrived June 2— Stmr ' Samoa,
hence May 31; achr Schome, from Grays Har
bor.
Sajled June 2— Stmr Samoa, for San Pedro
COOS BAY— Arrived. June 2— Schr Volun
teer, hence May 20.
PORT LOS ANGELES — Arrived Juno 2
Stmr Coqullle. River, from. San Pedro.
Sailed June 2 — Stmrs James S. Hlgg-ins and
Coquille River, for San .Francisco.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Jun» 2— Stmr Na
tional CJty, hence June 1, I with barge Tidal
Wave in tow. > . ¦
ISLAND PORTS,
HONOLULU— Sailed June 1— Stmr Sonoma
for Sydney.
Sailed June 2 — Ital war atmr Llturla, tor
New York. etc.
-** EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Bailed Juob 1— Stmr Yucatan
for. Colon.
Sailed June 2— Br stmr Sagami, for Manila
- FOREIGN POUTS.
VICTORIA— Arrived June 1— Stmr City of
Puebla, h«nce May 30."
ISLE Or WIGHT— Passed May 31— Fr ship
Joinvillo, from Shields, tor San Francl»co
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed May 24— Ger stmr
Luxor, for San Francisco. - • :
HONGKONG — Salted June I— Br. «.tmr Bm
freM of. China,, for Vancouver.
ALASKA O^MMEnriAL COMPANY'S i-TEAiISJilP ST. PAUL. WHICH SAILED YES PERDAY FOR NOME AN JL> ST. MICHAELS
WITH A LARGE. <*ARGO ANLt NEARLY HALF A HUNDRED ' PASSENGERS OX ROARD. SEVERAL THOUSAND SPEC
TATORS CROWDED STEUART-STP.KET WHARF TO BID GOOD BY TO FRIENDS.
HOSPITAL SHIP SOLACE
SAILS FOR .GUAM ISLAXD
Communicates With Honolulu by
Wireless Telegraph When Nearly
200 .Miles Out From Land.
HONOLULU, June 2. — The United
States hospital ship Solace, which left
here yesterday afternoon for Guam
Island, made wireless telegraph testa
and kept In communication with the
apparatus of the cruiser New York
for seventy miles. Later she main
tained communication with the Inter
island Wireless Telegraph Company
for 194 miles. At noon to-day, at a
distance of 250 miles, the test signal
letter "V" was five times repeated.
When leaving San Francisco the
Solace lost communication with tho
shore at seventy-eight miles.
After the entire morning session had
been spent in the wrangling of attor
neys on technical points of the law, six
jurors were finally secured yesterday
of the twelve who will try Jacob Ep
pinger, charged by the International
Banking Company with obtaining
money under false pretenses. The aged
defendant was in the courtroom during
the entire proceedings, but betrayed
no more interest in them than did the
ordinary onlookers. Only when it came
to the making of peremptory challenges
did hfe consult , with his attorneys or
offer any suggestions to them.
When court opened yesterday morn
ing the old dispute regarding the ac
ceptance of jurors who had been drawn
in 1903 was renewed. Attorneys Dunne,
Ach and ghortridge making lengthy ar
guments in support of their challenge
of the panel. They were answered by
Attorney J. C. Campbell and District
Attorney Byington. The chief conten
tion of the defense was that as new
names were drawn this year the hold
overs from last year / should be disquali
fied, even though they had only served
a month instead of a year, as the law
requires^
On the other side the contention was
made that. there had been no departure
from the statute; that the jurors were
all regularly dra,wn and were qualified
to serve.
HOLDS PANEL IS REGULAR.
After hearing the arguments Judge
T«iwlor denied the motion to dismiss
the panel, to which ruling Attorney
Ach took exception. The court held
that the statute quoted by the defense
was not mandatory, but rather direc
tory, and that a broad and liberal con
struction "should be placed upon It. The
names in the jury box were not a false
quantity and the men were still quali
fied for jury duty.
The examination of jurors then con
tinued. H. M. Holbrook, the hardv/are
merchant, was first called, but was ex
cused, as he had discussed the case
with wheat brokers and did not feel
that he could give a fair and impartial
trial. Goldwin McAvoy, a Polk street
shoe merchant, had formed no opinion
regarding the case, had not discussed
it with anv one and had never even
heard of Detective Tom Gibson. He
was accented. William Piljer, who con
ducts a pleating establishment on Post
street, was next accepted. '\ f
Daniel McPhee, a contractor, an
swered all the questions propounded
satisfactorily, but as he admitted that
relatives of his had lost money by the
Eppinger failure he was peremptorily
challenged by the defense. John Man
ning, a retired police officer, was chal
lenged by the defense because his name
was on : :ii 1903 list. The challenge was
disallowed.
BUSINESS MEN* EXCUSED.
John F. Plum, a real estate agent in
the Mission, and John E. Sills, who has
a machine shop in Oakland, were suc
cessively examined and accepted. Solo
mon Schlossa, retired Bhoe merchant,
was challenged by the defense on the
ground that his name was on the 1903
list, and as the prosecution did not ob
ject he was excused. P. C. Rossi was
peremptorily challenged by the defense,
and Henry Schuck was excused by con
sent of both sides. Herman Hinkelman,
who is connected with a hay and grain
house, said it was impossible for him
to give a fair trial and he was dis
missed. John Greely, a contractor, re
siding in- the Richmond district, was
the sixth talesman accepted.
Court adjourned until 11 o'clock this
The Ujilted States cruiser Tacoma,
Captain F. R. Nicholson, from Hono
lulu, arrived here yesterday, having
spent four days. May 24 to 23, cruising
in search of doubtful Islands hereto
fore reported in the neighborhood of
•17 degrees north latitude and 136 de
grees west' longitude. The Tacoma
found no islands or shoal water and
saw no signs of land.
James D. Hague of New York, who,
by authority of the Secretary of the
Navy, accompanied the Tacoma for the
purpose of participating in the search,
says that this result is absolutely con
clusive so far as it concerns the ocean
area actually seen from the track line
of the Tacoma. The area thus exam
ined is about one-third of the ques
tionable region where islands have
been occasionally reported, and may,
possibly, yet ba found. The search of
the Tacoma was restricted to four days
by her limited v coal supply. As she
carried no appliances for deep sea
sounding, her exploration was wholly
superficial.
These results afford no hope for light
on the loss of the United States ship
Levant, which disappeared mysterious
ly in 1860, on her voyage from Hawaii
to Panama, and is now believed to
have been wrecked on rocks) some
where In her sailing track. This be
lief is founded upon almost unques
tionable evidence, indicating that some
of the wreckage of the Levant was
washed ashore on the south end of
Hawaii about nine months after her
departure from Hilo. Mr. Hague has
recently obtained some further data
concerning this wreckage and its sig
nificant relations to the question of
the Levant's fate. He is more than
ever confident that the vessel- did not
founder in mid ocean, but was wrecked
on some reef, perhaps, island, when
possibly there might have been, and,
in such event, still may be, survivors.
The search of the Tacoma was un
dertaken in hope of finding such an
island, if there be one. In this re
spect the result is disappointing. In
other respects the result of the cruise
Is beneficial, since It tends to the ul
timate removal from the charts of an
existing menace to navigation.
It is now for the Navy Department
to decide upon a further search. As
lias been stated, the short time of
search was due to lack of coal. It was
originally the department's intention
to fit out a vessel of large coal carry
ing capacity and equipped with proper
instruments for soundings, and this
The determined efforts of the police
to keep in custody William B. Ken
nedy, alias Richard Jackson, alias "Yel
low," who was one of the thugs arrest
ed for the murder of Policeman Eugene
C. Robinson, have aroused the anger
of Judge Cook.' Yesterday he cited
Frank H. Norman, clerk to the Chief
of Police, twice, and Detective .Ser
geants J. F. Dinan and E. J. Wren
once to show cause,, why they should
not be punished for contempt of court.
Kennedy was before the Judge for
the fourth time yesterday morning on
an application for a writ of habeas
corpus for his release. He had been
booked as a last resort "en route to
Grants Pass. Or., for burglary." He
was brought \ into court by Deputy
Sheriff Welch, and an oral return was
made by Clerk Norman that Kenpedy
was not in the custody of the police,
but of the Sheriff. The Judge insisted
upon, a written return being made, and
Norman, thinking the matter settled,
left tho courtroom. The Judge ordered
him arrested for contempt in open
court, and when Norman was brought
back he made a satisfactory explana
tion and was purged of the charge.
He later made the written return and
the Judge granted the writ and or
dered the prisoner discharged.
IS AGAIN' ARRESTED.
As Kennedy left the courtroom he
was arrested again by' Detectives
Dinan and Wren and taken to the
prison, where he was booked for an at
tempt to commit burglary at Cypress
Lawn Cemetery on the night of Janu
ary 20, 1902. Attorney Newburg at once
applied to the Judge for another writ,
which was made returnable forthwith,
and attachments were Issued against
Clerk Norman and Detectives Dinan
and Wren to bring them into court to
show cause why they should not be
punished for contempt by again arrest
ing Kennedy after the Judge had is
sued a warning that if any such arrest
were made somebody would have to
answer for It. They were brought into
court and released on their own recog
nizance till 2:30 p. m.
When the cases were called in the
afternoon Assistant District Attorney
Harris asked for a continuance of the
contempt proceedings till this morn
ing:, as he was not prepared with an
answer. V ¦: ¦ ''¦''!
NOT TO RK_TUIFLED AVITH.
The Judge said that if the police had
no legal cause to hold the prisoner it
should have been set forth in their re
turn. The prisoner had been arrested
on the threshold of the courtroom, and
the court was not to be trifled with. He
read a section of the code to the effect
that •». prisoner while going to, in at
teni. -;ice at or returning from court
could not be interfered with. He said
he had repeatedly held that a prisoner
must not be arrested within the court
house. A serious contempt had been
committed, and he wanted' to know who
had done it or advised It. He granted
the continuance till this morning. Tho
respondents were released on their own
recognizance.
After hearing testimony on the appli
cation for the writ th'e Judge said that
although the prisoner had been illegal
ly arrested, still he was in the custody
of the Sheriff. The point that the pris
oner had with the others conspired in
this city to commit a burglary, or at
tempt at burglary, in San Mateo Coun
ty could not be sustained. The offense,
if any, had been committed In San Ma
teo County, and he made an order re
manding the prisoner into the custody
of the Sheriff of this county for forty
eight hours, adding that if no demand
was made by the Sheriff of San Mateo
County for the prisoner within that
time the prisoner should be discharged.
Judge Lawlor Denies Mo
tion to Dismiss Entire Pan
el on Technical Grounds
Hunt for the Possible Sur
vivors of Warship Levant
Curtailed by Lack of Coal
Charged With Arresting
William B. Kennedy With
in the Hall of Justice
Says Professional Crooks
Were Engaged to Steal
Furs .Throughout Country
NEW YORK, June 2. — Samuel
Filaraky, silent partner of the defunct
United States Fur Company of this
city, who. with Emanuel Slgrman.
president of the concern, la charged
with grand larceny, to-day made a
confession to Assistant District Attor
ney Garvln indicating that the com
pany was a clearing-house for fur
thieves throughout the country.
Filarsky said in his confession, ac
cording to Garvln, that SIgrman had
many professional theives in his em
ploy and that he even supplied them
with money and tools, and, as the
business increased, they organized the
United States Fur Company to better
dispose of the goods thus obtained.
The company was enabled to under
sell its competitors and many fur
dealers had been watching its opera
tions with suspicion for a long time.
DEFENDANT IN COURT
PARTNER TELLS STORY
CONTINUE PROCEEDINGS
HOPES TO TRY AGAIN
Detective Sergeants Wren
and Dinan and Clerk Nor
man Arouse a Judge's Ire
Cruiser Tacoma Which Left
on Voyage of Discovery Be
turns After Futile Search
Work of Selecting a Jury
to Try Jacob Eppinger
Is but Half Finished
New Yorker Opens a Store
to More Eeadily Dispose
of Plunder Bought by Him
Second of Alaska Commercial Company's Fleet Sails for Nome
and St. Michael, Heavily Loaded With Freight and With Her
Cabins Filled to the Limit — Large Crowd Throngs Wharf
POLICE CITED
FOR CONTEMPT
SIX TALESMEN
ARE ACCEPTED
FAILS TO FIND
HIDDEN ISLAND
KEEPS THIEVES
IN HIS EMPLOY
ST. PAUL CARRIES MANY PASSENGERS
TO GOLD DIGGINGS OF FROZEN NORTH
THE SAN* FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 3, 1904.
plan may be adhered to after Mr.
Hague has communicated with the de
partment.
11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
INDEMNITY FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
f\F NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
v 'V»rk. on the iilst day of December. A. D.
1903. and for the year ending on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
vlxions of Sections t!10 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by
the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $200,000 Ot
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company... I3S5.965 CO
Cash In Company's Offlce 25 0O
Cash In Banks 38,1*2 9S
Interact due and accrued on all
Stcrks and Loans 2.S73 00
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 22.731 42
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid. 130 37
Commission on Unpaid Return
Premiums and Reinsurance Prem-
iums 451 71
Total Assets 4420.181 32
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid f 15, 153 63
Lovse* In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 6.00)22
Losses resisted, including: expenses. 1,125. OO
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nlnr one year or less. $511,732 OS;
reinsurance SO per cent -» 1C8.878 05
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nlns more than one year. #108,-
747 43; reinsurance pro rata .... 80.518 70
Due and accrued for Salaries. Rents,
etc 3.327 20
Due and to become due - for Com-
; mlvslons «n«l^ Broksnwre 667 00
' Return Premiums and Reinsurance
Premiums 3.2«2 22
Total Liabilities $196,291 33
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Flw
premium!. $273.334 22
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 12.3M SO
4, Total Income $283,191 0U
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $22,107 55. losses of
previous years) $149.113 64
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokeraxe 5«.7.'2 SJ
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charves tor officers, cterks. etc.. 22.113 97
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes . 9,132!:!
All other payments and expendi-
tures 1S.U3 a:
Total Expenditures $253,632 32
Fire.
Lr.sscs ineurrfd durinjr th* year. . . JHT.31T «l
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Xet amount of Risks
written durlns the
i year.... t $29,473,733 $403.«!23 3«
Net amount of Ritrkst
expired during; the[
year I 23.7J9.S70 S21.326 •!
Net amount In force!
December 31. 1003.. I 25.02S..152 S2O.4W &!
A. F. LOSEE. Vice President-
J. H. BURGER. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, thia
3d day o£ February. 19OL Wi*
EDWIN F. CORET.
Commissioner for California In New York.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTME>T.
314 California St
W. H. LOWDEN, Manager.
J. L. FULLER, Assistant Manager.
JOHM D. RICHARDS, Hgr. City Dept,
. SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
STEEL SCISSOES
FllEK TO CLASSIFIED
ADVERTISERS.
|N SUNDAY EDITIOX. -
. Like Our Circulation, These
Premiums Are HigU-CIasa. '¦
The SUNDAY CALIi has over '
85,000 -circulation, principally
in tlie - homes ;" a - QUANTITY
and QUALITY that ASSURES
ACTUAL RESULTS.
Gifts sfiven to-day for Sunday
WANT ADS.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
NORWICH UNION FIRE
INSURANCE SOCIETY
OF NORWICH, ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1003. and for the
year ending on that day. as mad« to the In-
surance Cinimissicr.rr of the State of California,
pursuant to the provision* of sections 610 and
oil of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital sitock, puid up
in Cash ._ *66O.C0O 00
ASSETS. ~~' *~~~
R«al Estate owned by Company... |37t,837 10
Loan3 on Bon4s and Mortgages 4V,0(M>00
Cafh Market 'Value of all Stock*
and Bonds owned by Company... 5,':51,o:VT 25
Cash In Company's Office 50000
Cash in Banks 1.27S.UJ tS-i
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loeaa 60.S33 08
Irfterest >\ut and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages . .'. 130 CO
Premiums in due Course of Col-
Ucticn S43.9SQ35
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks . 33.088 S3
Total Assets $7.tt»«.S3tt Zi
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid '
Losses in process of Adjust-
ment or in Suspense 146(^34153
Losses resisted. Including ex-
penses ,
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one vear or less.
$ ; reinsurance 30 per 7 '
cent 3.12S.350S2
Gross premiums, on Fire Risks
running more than one year.
$ : reinsurance pro rata..
Cash dividend to Stockholders re-
maining unpaid l.iMO 50
Due and accrued for Salaries,
Rents, otc 15.000 00
All other Liabilities ik,.V>J TT
Total Liabilities .J^M37iS3S37
INCOME. ~
Net ca«h actually received for Fire
premiums $3. MS, 187 13
Received for Interest en Bonds and
Slortgagea : 1,005 00
Recelvi-d for Interest and divide.: 3s
en Bands. Stocks. Loans. n:id
from all other sources 173.130 57
Received for Rents 12.573*7
Received from all other sourc3s... 3.S37 SO
Total Incotn« .<«. 139.600 82
EXPENDITURES. /~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(lncludlns f . losses ot
previous rears) |3.05«.197 41
Dividends to Stockholders 275,340 00
Paid or aHowed for Commission or
Brokerage 1.KB.074 OS
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for cf fleers," clerks, etc.. 40,00319
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes ..." 99.80035
All other payments ahd expendl-
tures 270,043 30
Total Expenditures .»5.333,46O 33
Losses Incurred during the year... $3,249.131 07
Risks and Premium*. [ Fira Risks. I Premiums?
Net amount of Risks
1 ™. . ~? IWIUWIO J7.KS^3 33
Net amount of Risks
£aV*!l ?"?"*."! 1.583.643.500 5.294.175 91
N B*ceBBbff a£ 190^?l 1.813;5o6.350
A.-CVBITT. Praaident.
C. A. BATHtTRST BIGNOLD. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me," this 5th
day of AprtU x lW.. T J^. g Notary
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
314 California St.
W. H. IQWDEN, Manager.
J. L. FULLER, Assistant Manager.
JOHN D.. RICHARDS, Mgr. City Dipt.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 3, 1904.
12
YOU'DONT NCCD A FORIUNE TO PLACE AN AD IN THE
• JOHN" D. SPRECKKLS : : 2 1\ Proprietor j
Address Communications to
JOHN' Mc.V Al'G jig „_¦ . . ¦ . . .Ma nagf r
IV. J. MARTIN Business Manager
Ti:\ DOLLARS REWARD.
Notify The Call Office if You Mls*
Your Pa;icr. : ;. ; : .
If for any cause THE CAH 1« not de-
llrcrefi regnlaxly to subscribers please
call up "CAXiZ. EXCHANGE" asd notify
Subscription Clerk ia cfcarjre. Your com-
plaint w-iU receive prom.pt attention.
A «ta=d5Esr rtsriri of Tea Dollars ,
• ($10.00) is offered tor ti»e arrest aad (
'conviction of any ens causrht stealing
THE CALL.
.TELEPHONE.
- A£k for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
cect You W.th tte Department lou vi .sn.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Koc=« ..:n to 221 Stevenson st.
. DeUrertd ty Carriers. 20 Cts. Per J v ><*. n
CU. P»r Month. E;ngl» Copies :• Cts.
Teras ty Mi:!, Including Postage tcasn \Min
Order): _,. IVi
DAILY- CALL (includ. Sunday). 1 year....^"0
DAJLT CALL tinc:ui. Sunday). 6 mos... 4W
DAILY CALL— By P'.nEle Month J«j
6CNDAY CALL. 1 Year * »jj I
'WEEKLY CALL 1 Year » °° |
f Daily... $S.SO Per Year Extra i
FOREIGN J Sunday 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. \ Weekly. l.Oo Fer Year Extra
' «* JSBS3S!Uig3jPg*K?
6air.p!e Copies will be forwarded when r*-
Mail subscribers in ordering chaste <*£*•
• drets rhould be particular to five both NE»
AND OLD ADDKi>.S ia ordT to «*«»-•
pT-osp.pt and correct ccir.{.!iance with thair re-
Quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
:01« Broadway Telephone Main IOS3
B-HKELEY OFFICE: _.
tl« 4 Center fctrett Telephone North ••
¦WASHINGTON" CORRESPONDENT:
EAMUEL W. WAL1 Hotel Barton
NETT YORK NEWS STANDS:
Hotel: A. Hrer.t.ino. 31
rnion Square; Murray Hill Hotel; FUth-ave-
aue Hotel ar.d Hoffman Uouse.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
fherman House; P. O. News Co.: Great
.^crtfcern Hotel: Treniont House; Auditorium
Kelt'.: Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPnKSENTATIVTr-.
T CEOKGE KROGNESS-.Marquette Bulldin*
<Lcr.» Distance Telephone. "Central 2»Uy. >
NEW YORK REPRESENT ATrVE:
fTEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune .Bulldlnf
NEXV TORK CORRESPONDENT:
,C. C. CARLTON UcraH 8<juar»
• rrFINCPS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, rrmer Market and T>i!rd streets; opea
iretn 13 oVlo-k *very -<rht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
XOf* Market street, tppoeile Fifth; open until
' Jl r in.
- tZ~ MrrtrTcrry street, corner Clay; open
until m.-jq t>. m.
t'» :... w- Ft.-eet; open until 9:30 p. «. .
t.V> ;.¦.,-;,.,, ftr^t- or , n u ntll i»:3O p. to.
Cl* Larkln t-tre*t; oi*n until' 8:30 p. m.
3V41 Mission etr»>et: cpen until 10 p. m.
Cl Market ttreet, corner Sixteenth; opta
vctil 8 p. rn.
U* Eleventh ftreet; cpen until 9 p. rt.
Irt-f. Valencia street: op^n until 9 p. m.
Kerth£a»t corner Church and Duncan streets;
T*n until s f>. m.
Nc.rthweet rorow of Twenty-iM^onfl and Ken-
tucky etreetc; open urtll 9 p. m.
*-'*) nilaore ftreet; or»»n until 9 p. rn.
TO SrasCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THE SUMMER.
CAX.Ii subscriber* cost-mplatte* a
chance of residence durlac the inmaei
months caa have their trnper forwarded
br mail to their new address by notify-
in? THE CALL Business Office. Tliis
rarer will also be on sale at all inmmtr
re«crt» and ia represented ty a local
agent la all towns en the coast.
11EETING KOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No 1. K. ««>£_
T— R«*ri!ar assembly THIP EVEN- *5r
HING at 7:r>.n o'cl<vk. Installation of £3
<<?fi»<>Ts. All fraiprit courteously In- iCf
vitod ' "¦'¦ ¦
• THOMAF H PnOWNE. Commander.
. T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
PACIFIC Lo4*» No 136 F. and A. M. «
— Pteted meeting THIS EVENING. 8"%£y
o'clock. /Nr\
• GEOROB PENLINGTON. Src
TRF.SIDIO Lodge No. 33i I O O.
_ i Initiation t t;i? fFRlDAY) 4^8SS£ik
KVENING. June 3. Vlsltor *^S*S?aEp'
AVDW. NORIN, N. O.
W. H. FHARPE, Sec.
CALIFORNIA Ix»Ur» No. I. K. of P.. ¦*•"
ro~tf THIP (FRIDAY) EVENING, tzjefrcf
'• et * o'clock. Etomer bulMlnc. 2< /Sty
Fourth rt. Knight rank. lor.R form.
Visitors lnvitM K O MOLL. C C.
R. K. McLENNAN. K. of R. and 8.
OFTTCEB8 »n<J nit mber» of Damon
: Led?" No. 2, K. of P. — You are r* 1 \Sl&r^
«<ue«e<l lo meet at the Castle Hall 7&j§
f-n SATURDAY. Jur." 4, at 1 p. m.. J^-^f
Ixxlf No. 5. K of P. — Yi»'j ar<* re- •^^- -^^-
cased brother GEORGE J. RENNICK.
Per order V. H. DANTON. C. C.
HTfrEKA \jcAs* No P. K. of~P.. !W
THIP (FRIDAY) EVENING.' Broth-
tr Knights are cordially fnvit^J. J&2>C
W. CRONIN, C C.
'H- J.W. C. BEATTIE, K. of R. and S.
EAN FRANClsCO T<-r.t No. 1H, >«5/gfi»v
K. O. T. M.— R»vl»w THIS /gi'yjN
• FRIDAY) EVENING, at H [JtZ *-, t*r4
o-clork. Pioneer Hal I. 24 PW *K ISTl
Fourth «t- »»<.'¦ \>\Ha
D. B. RICHARDS. yS$& : X&&'
REGULAR m»*t!r.r of the Caledon- rr?Z~
i*3 Club THIS EVENIKO, at siyuH^
o'clock.. Scoulsb Hall. 117 Larkln "VvX^
A. M MACPHERSON. Chipr.
JAF. H DUNCAN.
_ACESTS *VAJ«TED^
* W*E wart 2 experienced canvas8ers~aT~cnce'
city end country; nrw goods; liberaj terms!
rl.e Oatlne Co.. 121 G«-ary »t.. room 721.
12 AGF.VTS for Fr»r»»t?rji - Carnival; bir monoy
for huBUerF Call 1H12 Mark-t tt.. room 2%
attoiim-vs-at-law.
A FIJIVATE. quick divorce for small freT
*>»• me and t»ie money; no nijr in advarce.
,- G V?'k J K ,T E - A^TO^^V-AT-LAIVT"
J.itRbMBhed 22 yr».:rmi. 1. S, 3, 4 4M«11
- 1)22 Market et.. between Mason and Taylor*
Aflvtce free all matterm. Detective* employed!
H. v,- KINO. Attoraey-at-Law. Exam, bldir
Ctti nonr; rntrance iy,om Cll; ertablishtd 20
r< > ars; all cases, pneral court ar.d effl-e rirac
lie*; no fee In advance or for consultation;
_«-v«Dlng« by appointment. Tel. lied 3C01.
ADVICE free; dlrorce rcm $12; no feex or
<r-su in advance; all law business; office
"i*-n Saturday evenings. blQ Market St., r.33.
DIVORCE— Cotts. $W: quick, oulet; .dvlc.
free; all Jaw business: no cherge unless tve*
.«-t>lul; open evenings. B27 Market, room SOL
DIVORCE law a njx^-uuty; no publicltv: advice
, lr * e: co * ts * 12 - Ad - P-A.g.. p.p. bcx giaaTa.r!
I- 6. CLARK. SC7 Market stTi cons-jltaTjoa
fro: no ?Wt )n rdranre; opgn evening*.
AUTOMOBILES.
I: cf tlie best makf-a of autcmobllea on the
irket fcr sale; late mooel. Address box
l; Cat! office. ¦ p
\*TED — Electric automobile iii first-class
idition. Address, with deicrtptlon and
vctl price, box 671. Call office. '
OJIOUILE for nale: caiollne power- only
u.^d 3 rr.cnth* Bcx 603, Call office,
rele — A steam automobile In first-class
r.nins order, liox 712. Call office.
CADILLAC cotomoblle for sale; good~as
k.- Box J61, Call office.
LL automobile for sale; almost sew. Box
., Call effice.
riCE motcrette. 6 bcrrepower. for sale. 3ox
las. Call office. ¦ ¦ ¦
ASTHMA JEMEDY.
A VI Nola's Anbn<a Ron:e<iy relieves lnrtant-
lr; 10c. 25c. 60c 100S Market. St. Nicholas.
nuAKDIXG KOll CH11.»RE.\.
; UANTKJJ— IJy an .-¦xnerienucd woman, an in-
iant to Ixni'd. Inquire al I'll! Seventh tt.
! FEEN'CH hoarding for children. MRS.
(iL'.NTV, CUU Pine gt.
bi;mmc>!» cuaxcks.
A— J2250~ CORNER talocn en Montgomery st. j
ectab. many >ia.-.»; lent ?JO; lease; a ROuJ-
lieying plat* and weil advertised. Call II.
U. WILKE. K<=:t:ny jEt.
A— *1".CO; HOALlICUJSir; Ki*cfl">u se : Rtiad-
hou>c-l With i" iurn. rooms: r»-nt $* ;l : lea=e;
a first-class- "jaylr.K revolt, t^e It. U. WILKE.
2»«Vs Krainy et.
A— $SC(J; COR.N'ICIt s;iUou; r?n! $l'0; a splendid
I&caiion ir: :)ie Mission: place doing a busi-
r.ii-a ot about $15 per uay. K. G. W1LKK,
20 v4 Kearny. s-t. ."%- ¦-.•
A— $50<»; SALOON, vicinity Third and Bran-
nan st5. : established years; rent H<\ Call
! H. G. WILKE. M14 Keaiay St. .
j >. — Jlioo: SALOON In wholesale district; vi-
cinity cf s-nnteme St.; ;>lae* established 2t>
jcci*: doing a .food business; rent $5o. See
R. G. W1LKU. •JoMi,Keearny st.
A— $3r.0"i; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery st., vicinity of
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
count of ill health of owner. Bee R. G.
WILKE, 2C 1 '.. Keainy et.
A— $450; BAHEKR *hop: 3 chairi; best location
in the Mission; rent 515. See R. G. WILKE,
Sti'j Kvarny Et.
A $3000 HOTEL in San Rafael; 21 rooms, bar.
parlcr and dining room; a well established
place; good furniture and a bargain. Call
R. G. WILKE. 20H Kearny st.
I A— $700; RESTAirRANT opposite Golden Gate
Park; »ent $25; good business; clearing about
j $150 p»r month. See R. G. WILKE, 20ft
Kearny st.
A— $2500: SALOON; choicest location on Mar-
kn *t. ; low rent; good lease; el«gant fix-
tures and a firs-:-- :a-=» paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2GVj Kearny et.
A — $250; BOTTLE beer route; well established.
See R. G. WILKE. -UVi Kearny Et.
A- $2750; CORKER saloon on Market et.. In-
cluding 7 rooms; rent $100; return rfnts $R0;
lease; a flrst-ciass location and well estab-
pllshed place. See R. G. WILKE. 28H Kear-
ny St.
A— $2<"*)0; SOAP factory; a eplendid and well-
established business; also manufactory of
waMiing pewder: owner will allow buyer to
invc-rtlgate business for 14 days. See U. 3.
WILKE. 26>i Kearny st.
A— $700; SALOON with long leaee In choicest
part of this city; rent *40; a good paying
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^j Kearr.y.
A— JC-OO— -CHoPHOCf-'E and coffee ealoon, opp.
cable h-'-j- : place e&tab. years, with steady
and transient customeri.; owner clears about
J175 per month. See R. G. WILKE. 20%
Kearny st.
A.— DRUGSTORE — drugstore — drugstore; price
$¦4501': established XI years; lease 5 years;
rent $00; <_ne of the best paying stores in thla
city; own«r to retire. Call It. G. WILKE,
£i> Vj Kearny st.
A — 11(M>; CORNER <aloon with 7 rooms on
llryant ft.; rent $50; place surrounded by
factories and warehouses: a cood business.
Call K. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $l«O0; BOARDING and rooming house; 3»
rooms, kitchen and dining-room. 37 beds,
tod funitufe. lease, place paying well. See
R. G. WILKE. 2b % Kearny st. ¦
A— $2500; DAIRY depot and route; dally sales
60 cans; 8 horses. 4 wagon*, etc.; most pri-
vate customers: burlness kept by owner 13
ytxrr; a rood-paying investment. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $350; branch bakery and delicatessen
More with 4 rooms; rent $25; fine location;
gocd business. See F.. G. WILK1E. 26H
Keamy st
A- $2000; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton eu.; rent $150; lease; place estab-
liehed year*; nret-class bu&ineFa. Call R. O.
WILKE. 26V. K»arny St.
A— $900: SALOON, vicinity Taylor & Turk Bts.;
rent $50; this Is a good paying and old es-
tablished bu«ineFs; a workirgman's place:
rare chance. Ste R. G. WILKE. 2'»V4 Kearny.
$3000 — GROCERY and bar. en Fourth at., about
1 block from Market tt.: lease; good paying;
established years; elcknvfts only cause of
sale. Call R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $5000; CORNER grocery and bar: cash
burin*)*; etore receipts about $80 per day;
bar receipts about $20; owner win sell for
cash or trade for property at the actual
value of $5000. Call R. O. WILKE. 26%
Kearny tt.
A— PICKLING WORKS
For sale; factory completely equipped for the
manufacture of p'.ckles. mustard, sauerkraut.
eHves, Falnd oils and tai.'le rondlinents;
product foH in all patts of the l*nit»d
States; price $75(Vt, Including itto^k OS hand.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
A— THE AUTOMOBILF. BT.SINE^S
Is at pre*M2t the safest Investment ftnd most
prnfltaHe «-nt«»rpri5e in the city. We repre-
sent two of tlie largest incorporated com-
panies in P. F.. and have openings for chauf-
feurs, machinists nnd office men who can
invest a *nial! amount of ca!>h with F»rvlces.
GERMANIA INVEST.-CO.. «27 Market St.
A SAFE INVESTMENT!
$10OO cash and fervlres fffure Interest and
office of trpa^urer In n.n incorporated realty
and Investment company; $150 monthly as=-
*ur»d: highest referoncps given and required.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— A GOOD OPENING
For a young man who can Invest $500 in a
hiKh-rla^g r<*al *state office and fill position
of cashier; experience not necessary; Invest-
ment serurrd and $?0 w»*kly ruaranteed.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
BERG. ARMSTRONG & CO., phone red~4S45.—
Headquarters for saloons, hotels, lodglng-
hous«»*. furnished flats, bakeries, barber
shops, dellcatewn. 3JS Kearny et. •
$ll"0 — FINE paloon; no more, no less; 8 years'
leane; rent $">0: can sublet for $53; 10 rooms;
inventories more than price. BENJ. ARM-
STRONG CO., 318 Kearny st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED cash business; will etand
Investigation; receipts over $1000 per month;
net profit 4 over $2j1 ; only $3000 required.
Exclusively Berg. Armstrong Co.. 31S Kearny.
BUTCHER shop clraring $100 per month must
bf. nold at a sacrifice; own«r going East. II.
S. JlKimTEXS, Railroad ave. and Webster
Ft., Alameda.
RESTAURANT worth $250 will be sold for
$100. H. B. MEHRTENR. Railroad ave. and
Webftcr ft.. Alameda.
HARNESS business with stock and tools for
ealp; in country; on account of death; good
paying lor-aiity. For particulars apply MRS.
M. HERRING. 2225 Mission St.. city.
EPLENDID BUSINESS OPENING.
CHANCE TO BE TOUR OWN DOSS.
LEARN THE REAL ESTATE BUSINESS.
Start In for yourself; only $27 capital re-
quired. We teach you the business, appoint
ycu our special representative, furnish large
lint of salable property, co-operate with and a.n-
t>i«t you to earn from $3000 to $5000 annually.
Write for particulars. HARRY W. CROSS A
CO.. 204 Tacoma bldg., Chicago.
MILLINERY— Half interest best Interior store
in State for eale; reasons, two stores; nfan-
ager needed for one; $2000. DUNN. 1312 Mkt.
DERMATOLOGIST, electrolysis parlors, with
furniture equipment and $200 stock at a bar-
gain; now paying handsomely; reason sick-
ness. See DUNN. 1312 Market st.
MANUFACTURING house In Los Angeles
wants thoroughly competent man to manage
San Francisco branch; salary $100; invest-
ment of $3000 required. Address F. H
CLEMENCE. 1839 East First- St., Los As-
gelee. Cal. : :.
FOR eale — One of the best grocery stores in a
city across the bay, not far from Ban Fran-
cisco; must sell or take a partner, one who
can look after . the business. Address for
particulars, box C42, Call office.
FOR sale — A good business In Tonopah: well
established and paying a fine profit; amount
of cash required about $1500. Full particu-
lars box 160. Call office.
$2SO0 — A BIO sacrifice; the best paying restau-
rant In Sacramento: receipts $100 a day; long
j lease. P. O. box 158, Sacramento, Cal.
GENERAL merchandise store in country for
sale; complete stock of everything. Address
for particulars, box 169. Call office.
WANTED — A delicatessen store -with estab-
lished trade; state amount ot trade and price
fctktd. Box 092, Call office,
FOR sale — Store fixtures, with or without
ftock; fine living rooms. 103 Turk St.; phona
Howard 845C.
DELICATESSEN and grocery for sale; every-
thing new; good family trade. Address box
759. Call office.
i-ALOON license wanted. 101% O'Farrell st.
FOR sale — The Union Hotel; manufacturing
town. Benlcia. Calif.
COSTA RICA BANANA CO. » stock at ground
floor prices; fine prospectus. 639 Croseley bid.
I _ n^^J5 J * f * CHAXCES-rConllnned. I
! ~ " " " I
j A— CAMEJIOX & CO. Phone South 1050.
o Kddy St.. cor. Market, und Powell.
j Headiiuururs lor all kinds of business chances.
BKACTIKUL.L.Y located rummer resort; fine
proves; Uti-room hotel; ail lurnlshed and
equipped for business; CO acres land goes
With lease; raise own ha>, vegetables; all
lcinds of irult; rent $r>00 "ptr year; equity in
this Sl'5C<>; death in family causo o{ sale.
CAMKKOX & CO.
j FOR rale — Well-furnished 5-rvoin ark, moored
1 one hour"? ride from city; fine chance for
Minimer outing; also fcr winter shooting and
fishing; ail modern ionvenltni.es; new. one
year, price $2200 complete. CAMEKO.S &
CO.. 3 Kddy st.
FOB sale— Well-located bazaur and furnishing
pootis business"; cheap rent; (i'i years' lease;
one of the host transfer corners in city; do-
iriK fine business; other interests cause sale;
price $5000. See CAMERON & CO.. ;t Eddy.
For «do or trade— Quartz mine; line prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $40 to *7U ton; trad2
lor rmf.-hsc. or business. Cameron. IS Eddy.
FOH eale. or will trade— 6 acres inside city
limits; one of best Interior cities in Califor-
nia; hou»<>, barn, other outbuildings: plenty
all kinds fruit: beautiful home; will trade for
rooming-house; price $4000. CAMERON &
CO., 3 Kddy et.
FOR Hale — Electrical and locksmith business;
centi^l locution; establlnhed U years; rent
S30: clears $90 to $100 per month; price $500,
must sell on account other butlnesi. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
— 1
iFORnaJe — Carriage «nd wajon factory and
general Jobbing; established 27 years; •well
i located and equipped with modern tools,
etc.; full Investigation and trial riven; re-
tiring from business. CAMERON & CO.. 3
Eddy st. > ' ¦:¦>*•/"
EXCHANGES made In all kind* of real estate,
rooming-houses' and business chances. CAM-
ERON* CO.. a Eddy st.
FRENCH liquor store for %ale. 521 Valencia
Ftreet.
FOK salp— Bakery with large *tock; good loca-
tlcn and reasonable rent. 71S McAllister at
WEST AI-MADKN quicksilver stock; a bonan-
za; at bedrock prices. 639 Crossley bid.
FOR sale — Good tailoring house In the country.
Scotch Plaid Tailors. 100U Market st.
GOOD candy etore for eale. cheap; leaving
city. A-ldrpss box 4J3. Call office.
GREAT opportunity: partner wanted with
$10C0 in two new patents. Box 446. Call.
SALOON for sale, cheap. HI Second gt.
WANTED — Active partner In downtown day
rplonn; price 52000. Box "427. Call office.
WANTED — To buy a coal and feed yard; well
«stablifhed. Box 10J, Call office.
WANTED — To buy a small brewing plant or
utensils, kettles, rtc. Address box 610. Call.
WAf;TEI)r-To buy a restaurant for cash.
Uox 711. Call office.
WASTED-To buy a good hotel; state locality
and full particulars. Box 739. Call office.
BOOK storc and news stand for sale In West-
ern Addition. Box 670, Call office.
$4:><v— SALOON for sale; piano; refrigerator; 3
living rocms; must pell. 513 Howard nt.
FINE newspaper rout* for sal*. Inquir* at
this efnee.
A BRANCH office of The Call for th» r<^eptloa
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100* Market at., opposite Fifth."
Open until 11 p. a.
LOUUIMi-HOUbES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON A CO.. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' leaae: fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything In
first-class condition: good furniture and car-
pet?: clearing now $200 per month; if run
' transient can clear $300 to $350 per month;
h*re Is beat proposition in city; price $3200.
63 rooms: best downtown transient houie in
city; will trade for ranch; compelled to leave
the city.
220 rooms: new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance;
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $500
per month: to be sold at a bargain on account
of departure.
17 rooms; rent only $70; fine little apart-
ment-house; sickness; must sell; snap; JtJOO.
12.S rooms; cheao rent; long lea*e; flrst-claas,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $C00 per month; must sell on
account of othrr bUKiness; only with ria.
¦ 75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' leane; close in:
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per innum; departure.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished: oak and mahogany; One proposition;
rood lease.
1CW rooms: cheap rent: new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date roomlng-houee; has fine
bar; can be run In conjunction If desired;
rtro chance for richt parties; part canh. bal-
ance can be paid out of the house; other busi-
ness Interests demand Immediate departure.
8 rooms; fine upper fiat; rent only $30; can
be had by paying $1SO down, balance time;
$450.
21 rooms; corner; rant only $85: ©ak fur.;
good carpets; housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
$1000.
180 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elecantly furnished and equipped;
cheap rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per
month; doee in; full nice people; bargain If
taken at once; dissolution of . partnership.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; rood
carpets; sickness; price $350.
126 rooms; ren£ only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date houw; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long leas*; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the bent buys In tho city.
19 rooms: rent only $100; well furnished;
little apartment-house; reduced to $110d.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill: doing fine business; will trade ' for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
14 rooms; rent only $57; oak furniture; good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $900.
105 rooms; cheap rent; first-class up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $100 per
month; call for particulars.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade, always on
hand. A, CAMERON A CO.. 3 Eddy St.
MARION GRIFFIN.
400 Hearst bldg., over Examiner entrance,
cor. Third and Market sts.; phone Black 3007;
rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
40 ROOMS. 8 blocks N. of Market st ; rent
$70; 3-year-lease ; Income per month $300;
owner tick In hospital; price $1500; furnished
1% years; easy terms. MARION- GRIFFIN.
24 ROOMS, 1 block from Market; 1 floor; brick
house; rent $S0; clears $80; pries reduced to
$1100; »i cash; sickness. MARION GltlF-
FIN.
CO-ROOM hotel; corner house; extra low rent;
house full; pays well; owner has lost his
voice and will have to change climate; price
reduced to $5000. MARION GRIFFIN.
86 ROOMS; new and modern; north of Mar-
ket; all extra large, outside rooms; 10 bay
windows; fine, new furnishings; electrlo
lights; clears $179 monthly for last 9 months;
lease; price $3500. MARION GRIFFIN.
14 ROOMS; 5 blocks N. of Market; clean as a
pin; well furnished; sunny side; respectable;
$1000; Vi cash. MARION GRIFF4N.
18 ROOMS; a swell house; splendidly fur-
nished; nicely situated; near Ellis and Van
. Ness; rent $75; thoroughly respectable; In-
come $180 monthly; owing to peculiar cir-
cumstances, almost any offer will be accept-
ed by MARION GRIFFIN.
6 ROOMS; furnished 2 months; cost $410: Tent
$25; 7 rented for $55; will soil for $250; V.
cash. MARION GRIFFIN.
85 ROOMS; $3800; reduced from $5000; all men
roomers; rent only $225; well laid out house;
2 floors. MARION GRIFFIN.
103 ROOMS: owing to Ill-health we are ex-
clusively authorized to sell one of the best
furnished houses in this city; it's dependa-
ble, high class, above a whisper of reproach
and clears $450 monthly. MARION GRIF-
FIW. ¦ - . '
16 ROOMS. N. of Market: $600; make offer;
rent $32; a snap. MARION GRIFFIN.
48 ROOMS: beautifully furnished; 5-year lease;
electric elevator and electric lights; fine cor-
¦ ner: make offer: clears $222 per month: It's
truly * floe house. MARION GRIFFIN.
Hi* SCISSORS M S
THE CALL'S PREMIUM THIS WEEK TO CLASSIFIED
'• J- ADVERTISERS IN SUNDAY EDITION.
A highly plated four-inch scissors, made of best quality steel, and has an excellent finish.
SCISSORS OF A STYLE AND SIZE MOST USEFUL FOR EMBROIDERY j
AND. FANCY WORK, AND ALSO VERY SUITABLE FOR POCKET USE. j
Gifts Will Be Given Thursday, Friday arad Saturday to j
Want Advertisers in Sunday's Call. • ;
( : <
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at: V '
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets;
open until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES: I
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m. I
527 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m. ]
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m. " t
639 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m. I
615 Larkln street: open until 0:30- p. m. • {
1041 Mission street: open until 10 p. m. . • i
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open until 9 p. m. •"¦ i
106 Eleventh 'street; open until 9 p. m. j
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m. '-I
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets: open until D p. m. 1
Northwest, corner Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open untll 9 p.m. ':-*{
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m. - ' I
1016 Broadway ..Telephone Main 1083 i
BERKELEY OFFICE: S
.1.. C,.«,r S.re«...... ™, hon e f™> " f
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
Schneider's Book Store ...Park Street
LODGING HOUSKS FOR 5ALK— Con.
100 ROOMS; sunny corner: rent $125. ...J45OO
100 rooms; clears $350; low rent $«500
SO rooms; furniture nearly new $3800
4') rooms; fine location, north of Market. $1000
4B rooms; In Oakland; new; rent $60 *£j00
12 rooms; half cash; cheap rent $600
Money to loan on furniture. EITEL A
CARROLL. 212 Kearny st. ¦
$100— FURNISHED flat; 3 rooms: also 6-room
flat. $150; furnished house. II roome, $350.
BERG-ARMSTRONG CO., 318 Kearny wt.
GREAT opportunity' to purchase ono of best
transient houses In city; 33 rooms; close In
and central. Box 443. Call.
THIRTY-FIVE-ROOM Market-street house;
busy corner; Al transient; 1 will sell at low
figure or exchange. Box 3486. Call office.
¦ P1RITCALI3M. "
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY,
Clairvoyant trance, business medium and life
reader. 1206 Market st., Oalt House.
MRS. CONNOLL,. 148 8ixth St., trance medi-
um: medium to-night and to-morrow night;
tents to all 10c.
MRS.- ELSIE REYNOLDS. materializing
seance, Friday. Sunday evea. 828 Kills; 50o.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
slate- writer. 1112 Eddy St.: phone Scott 887.
CLAIRVOYANTS. '
THB FUTURFJ REVEALED, THB PAST
. DISCLOSED.
The Present Analyzed by Livingstone.
PROF. LIVINGSTONE'S readings ar& like
a living page of Flammarion'e treatise that Is
so electrifying the world to-day. He Is no
Imitator. His work Is upon original lines,
pure thought, clear vision. He tells you what
you desire to know and works In the open
He' Is an conspicuous for .bis wonderful oc-
cult analysis as he Is for his original ex-
pression and vivid truthfulness, f. -
A teat reading Is not a life reading Wben
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
»lve you a full life reading for $1. A test Is
of little value; when the mind Is troubled you
need more substantial aid and advice. This
Is just what PROF. LIVINGSTONE gives
you when you call on him for a , first-class
clairvoyant reading.
He aeks you no questions, but tells you
what you wish to know.
He does not mention all the Ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts In your case. Let PROF.
LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you, find tho cause of trouble and
suggest the remedy.
Permanently located 428 Eddy at.; 3 sepa-
rate reception ¦ parlors. Lady attendant.
Hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. ' - ¦ .
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
piesent happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; If you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
Fult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice In
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 4B68.
ELLSMERE, Egyptian seer, clairvoyant;
marvelous readings; advice love, business,
mining; locates, cures disease; whom, when
you marry: call If In trouble or doubt;, re-
moves spells, evil Influence; by mail $2.
1007% Market St.; low, fee. .
MME.PORTER. celebrated clairvoyant medium,
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
• end sight, tells past, present and future; 1.
60c, g. by cards $1: palmistry and clairvoyant
sit.. $1 50. 200 O'Farrell St.. near Mason. .
A— Mlsa M. Wllle, 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what ¦ you called for without asking a ques-
' tlon ;, names given; special. $1; hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr.' A palm.;
I correctly treat your love arralrs, domestic
troubles, bus. and financial success; names;
1.. 60c; g., $1. .714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and bus. medium: read, dally $1: develop-
ing class Thursday, 8 p.-m. 612 Eddy at.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given; 25c up. 835 Howard. bet.4th&5th.
MISS SEYMOUR celebrated card reader and
palmist. 765 Market St.. second floor.
Tl rnr ~ ffTnrilwiWMtTiraWlfaMBTBfrVTrt^TTTrh i ~ ' ii'iT'"'"iTi"1 >. '~ ¦ -¦>-'
CLAIRVOYANTS— Continued.
ASSURED success for you.
Call at once and save $4.
His famous $3 readings this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
No charge — No charge
Unless you obtain th« Information for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist eter In San Francisco.
Head carefully. An horyst proposition.
. (You to be full Judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, oc-
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— CanTJot^Dreak";
warranted 20 jrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c:
plat??. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
Paris Dental Parlors. 23." Kearny cor. Bush —
¦ Set teeth. $1 60 up; crowns.$2 up; fllllngs,25c.
FREE examination with chart at the n*w
cupation and what you called for; I tell you If
husband, wife or lover Is true or false; who and
when you will marry; how to gain the love of
the one you desire; "In fact," I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself; his advice l» reliable; his
powers are wonderful and Indisputable; he Im-
proves your character j»o that y*ou will reach
the highest possible development In mental
vigor, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; the controlling power Implanted In your
nature, so you can control any one secretly;
cures disease and lost vitality; gives advice nn
mining and buried treasures; gives you success
In life; he guarantees you succe53 or charges
nothing for his services.
10 a. m. to 8 p. m. — Closed Sunday.
828 O'Farrell St.— S26
Mrs. A.H.Kronenberg.palmlst. . clairvoyant, card
reader;when others fall try me;good reading*
25c. 721 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.Tel.Larkin 4207.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
26H Kearny. room 20; ladles, 25c; gents.OOc.
MIES WARD clairvoyant gives names, date
and facts; readings dally. 917 Market st.
MR8. BROWJC, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 23V4 «th; 1. 25c, g. 60c
SPIRITUAL healer; successfully treats all dis-
eases; 2 treatments. 030 Golden ¦ Gate ave.
ISMAR, the celebrated Egyptian aeereaa. will
return from her vacation July 1.
MRS. BAUMANN. the' well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader, alt-
tings dally. 44SH Jessie >t.. bet. 6th and 6th.
CARPET II 12 AT I NO AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air aud Vacuum Process now"
universally used for cleaning carpets on
floor without removal; carpets and rugs are
aUo cleaned by compressed air at shop;
prices moderate. ' S. F. Compressed Air
Cleaning Co., SOS Market St.; phones Main
152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become dlsgueted with yo«ir work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works. 355-357 Tehama tt. Tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth st.. clean-
lng fc laying done reasonably. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1809 Har-
rison st. ; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 223.
CONKLIN'8 Superior Carpet-Beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 12fl.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard; tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.,402 Butter st.'
tel. Main 304. GEO..WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
¦ reasonable. 1703 Harrison it.: tel.Misslon 263.
CIiOTHHTO BEWOYATUTO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche. 40 Ellis st.. room 14;
phone Dm mm 44. Call for and deliver free.
COI.I.ECTIOH- OPPZCES.
BAD tenanta ejected for $4; collections made;
city or couutry. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery, rooms 9-10;- tel. Main 55S0.
CTJBE3 RTJTPTTJBE.
HUNTER'S Positive Rupture Holder. $10; no
discomfort. 1206 Market St.: send for Circular.
\ DKBM MAKJdHJ AND SEAMSTHESSICI
ACCORDION, sunburst and knlfe-plalUng,
.Stewart's button and buttonhole factory. 110
; Taylor st.: tel. Folsom 2121. - '
LESSONS in dressmaking Saturday afternoon
or evenings by . appointment. MISS CAMP-
BELL. 658 Clay St.. room 11.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking A Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1010 Mkt.
York Dentists, 9C9 Mission St.. SE. cor. 6th.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surjreon-dentlst.r.H.lst
floor. Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor. O'FarrelL
GOLD rulings, 75c; silver. 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain: open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Suttr.
EDUCATIONAL.
AT home In our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business
etudy In the entire West. New, complete,
extensive departments. Thorough. Inspiring
Instruction 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE, 001-
P23 Golden Gate ave.
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 w»
move to new flreproor building, 73S Mission
st.. near Third. More tpace. finer rooms,
better light. Finest in the West. Come and
see. B. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE, now at
1236 Market st.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing.
"languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1435 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $S mo.
ATRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.; established IS years; special discount
during month of June; catalogue free.
HEALD'S School of Mlnes&E1ectr!clty.24 Post
ft., S. F. ;'a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING — Adults. Mon. and Frl. «vgs; Juve-
niles. Sat. 2 to 5; priv. lessons dally. Flnd-
lay'a Hall. 17th. bet. Valencia, and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mln.. mech.. «ur-
vey. assay cyanide; day ev. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall
ATTEND Gallagher- Marsh Business College on
advice of oficial court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 13S2 Market: catalog".
BOOKKEEPING. English, math., etc.. day cr
eve. individual instr. Rm. 2. 305 Larkln. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, formerly of Pac. Bus. CoL
YOUNO children tausht technlc taste, sight
reading on piano; $2 month. 1863 Powell st.
PRIVATE lessons English, shorthand etc.. $4
mo. Western Business College. 1107 Market.
GUITAR mandolin and piano. $3 per nsa;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. S23 Haight st.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Stxtn.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOICI. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush~m—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; for-
nlshcs best help; contracts for farm help.etc
•A-OUPHEUMi Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlneae help. Pow>U gt. : tel. Main 5752.
GRAND— Japanese and Chinese employment
office. . 415 Stockton st.; tel. Grafct 168.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment 'Of-
flee: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 31S8.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab 20 years
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY A CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WAVIlil) K KM A I.E.
TRAINED nurse (years* experience) wishes
• permanent position: lady or children; un-
derstands entire care; excellent housekeeper;
seamstress; best city references: city or coCn-
try; terms, $30 to $35 monthly. Address
P. O. box 2496. S. F.
A PERSON wishing to continue a certain study
/ would assist with light work for room and
board and- very small remuneration. Box
, 486. Call office.
A YOUNG Swedish girl wishes a place as nurse
girl: only 8 months -from Sweden: wages $13
at first; Mission preferred. 2650 Folsom st.
WOMAN wants work by the day. houseclean-
lng; $1 50 and carfare. Call or address MRS.
OSGOOD. 115 Hayes ot.
KMl'LOYSinXT WASTED— FEMAtB.
FIRST-«*I^.\SS Scandinavian cook.- havinsr th»
very r<e«t of ref'-rences from last employer,
wlshe* a »ltuation. J. F. CT.OSETT & CO.,
¦; .1 liutter stw
MAN tn<t wlf««. \ery n»at couple, for dinln?
rmim or hotel work, best of references-, wish
Kltnution. aee J. F. CROSETT & CO.. .?;*
Cutter st.
' irnEKCn «-ou|ile. mhldle-ajred. lf> years" ex-
tmrtrurtr, from Part3. good reference. Berke.
• l»-y, wifV> very goutl rook, man aa waiter
an.t do houxe-.vorU. wish situation; city or
country. A'ldress Box 450. Call.
A COMPETENT woman, good cook, wishes
|K.;sition In American family; will do llsht
WaihlriR: will «>> r,hort distance in country;
i references. "14 Fifth st.
WOilAN W3nt« work, day or half day; laun-
dry or cl.-anins: $1 T>» uer day. Call or a<i-
rtrnB* LAUNDRESS. 770 Folsom St.; Missis
pref»rre<1L
A Ht!LIARLK wuman wants washln? or houss-
•!•¦.::•,!; by th^ day. Call or adlress MRS.
L. AUAM3. 1214 Green st.
CO.Ml'KTJvNT. reliable young Swiss girl, speak-
ing French and German, desire* position as
nurse. Box 410, Call. •-••...-.-
ELDERLY lady wishes position aa housekeei>-
er. city or country. 138 Fifth St., between
Howard and Mission.
DRESSMAKER. artistic and experienced.
wishes engagements by the day; terms $-.
Dox 104. Call.
GOOD German cook wishes situation In pri-
vate family; wages S2.V Box 4tJl. Call.
SEWING by the. day: good fitter: «hfrt waist
suits made in a day; $2 a day. 30A Eighth.
EXPERIENCED nursegirl wishes t» care for
1 or 2 children. Call 14B1 Page at.
A WOMAN wishes work by th» day. 21 Camp
st.. between Sixteenth and Seventeenth.
WAITRESS, experienced, wants position; hotel,
rest.; city, country. 221 Mason: tel. B'.lt 2336.
YOUNG woman wishes place 'for upstairs
1 work. Call 4M Octavla »t.
REFINED, educated lady would like a, position
as companion to invalid lady, city, country
, or travel: will perform light household du-
ties or sew:ng. ilRS. A. D.. It Beaver »t.
A YOl'NG lady pf respectable family desires
position as companion. Address B. W., Call
office. Alameda.
ELDERLY lady wishes position as housekeep-
er, city or country. VM Fifth St.. between
Howard and Mission.
WANTED— By a young school teacher ot expe-
rience, a position a9 private tutor to adult.
T»rms moderate. Box 667. -Call office.
SWEDISH woman wants work by the day.
cleamnR. washlny, etc; $1 30 per day. 92
Ninth st.
AMKRIC.VN tvrman wants position for house-
work, city or country. ESox 473. Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation. Call at 1023H
Folsom »t.
YOUNG woman wants place as dlshwasfc«*r tn
restaurant. Apply MtJ Harrison st.. room T.
A JAPANESE woman wants a position at gen-
eral housework In a small famtly; speaks
good English. 3. 31.. 6-15 JpssIb St.. city.
WANT ads and aubscrtptions taken for Th-»
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. «333 McAllister at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fubscrlptlons has been established at 1004
Valencia St.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
COACHMAN — Situation wanted by slngla
Swede, Just arrived from th« East; 4 years
in last place; understands the care of horses,
cows an<i grounds; good, references. Bo*
4S0. Call office. ,
MACHINIST and engineer, mlddta age, well
posted In building, repairing and runnJna; of
up-to-date woodworking machinery, wlsh»s
employment with larga factory or a&wmill.
Box 478. Call.
A SITUATION wanted In private place by s
first-class horseman and driver it**l Z7>.
city or suburbs; attead gardens, etc.; thor-
oughly competent In every respect; excellent
reference*. Box UK. Call ofSea.
A MIDDLE-AGED man. handy with horse*
and tools, wants light work; no milking;' tlt>
per month If good home. H. W., 211 Natonaa.
RELIABLE general caretaker and gardener
(German) wants position; private place; best
of references. Box 46T.. Call.
POSITION wanted by experienced man as foot-
man: thoroughly understands earn of horses;.
private family. Box 4t:S. Call.
BARBER, steady young man. want* position
tn first-class shop; city or country. Box
7462. Call.
WATCHMAN or position of trust by a naval
man former deputy sheriff and Justice of
the Peace; references. Box 453, Call offic*.
YOUNG man wants position as man about
place or housework. Address II. J.. box 310.
Call office. v
YOUNG man wlahea a position as painter.
E. C. 810 Turk st.
ENGINEER war.ts position In city or country;
married and best of references. Box 463. Call.
WANTED — Position by a first-class coachman,
gardener and all around man (Oerman); n«
ob ect'on to country; best of references. Box
470. Call office.
A PRACTICAL Oerman gardener and fiorlat
wants to take charge, of a good private placet
city or country; best of references. Address
F. H.. 1811 Halght at. ¦
ENGLISH professional gentleman desires po-
sition as private secretary, or with company;
absolutely trustworthy; highest tesUmoolaJsi
Box 666. Call.
WATCHMAN or position of trust br * naval
man. former deputy sheriff and Justlo of
the Peace; references. Box 455. Call of2c«. •
EMPLOYMENT wanted »y elderly non-unio*
carpenter on suburban residence, factory,
etc. . Address Handy. 1470 San Bruno ava.
RUtVTLER desires situation as outslda aal*»-
man or collector; salary or commission. Hot
600, Call office.
MACHINIST, one who knows how to repair
motors, wants work; can give references.
Box 442. Call office.
TOl'NO man wants position as man about
place or housework. Address H. J.. box
434. Call office.
LOCKSMITH, gunsmith and machinist wants
work: can give references. Box 441, Call.
Painter paper-hanger. slgnwrlteT. wants work;
tools 'furn. 1272 Foljom st.: phone Mint 13i.
TOUNG Japanese boy wishes situation as
housework or porter: speajes English. M.
OTA. care «27ii California at. fl. F.
CHINESE- private family ccolt: good references
LOUI3 CHOW. 322 Commercial rt.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTINO DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats art list.
ed In our free renting department: over 1009
In number; a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to find •
place; we never fall; service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
10S3 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage pf
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Ccrdes Furniture Co.. 213-^.3
Geary it., on the square. \j.
' ¦
NOE. 1054. cor. Elizabeth — 0 sunny rooms;
new; yard, basement: convenient to Twenty-
fourth and Castro cars: reasonable.
FIRST. 314 — Flat 6 sunny rooms; rent $20.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & IIOAU. 118 Montgomery st.
LOWER fat of 3 rooms. 131OV4 Larkln. In^
quire 1320 Larkln st. -
LYON. 734. near McAllister— Elegant sunny
upper flat: 8 rooms and bath. .."•.
MISSION. 204S— 3 rooms, bath, sink and- wash-
room: $27 SO.
STEINER. l."!25. corner Ellis — Flat 5 roosia.
etc.; partially furnished: renf only 933.
- »'MT5 TO LET— FCKMSIIED.
FURNISHED fiat. 7 rooms and attic; furniture
free. 11 IS Ellis St.: phone Steiner 242.
BEAUTIFUL 4-room flat, completely fur. hs«. -
kpng.; piano; no children: - $23. £.'£: Hayes.
FLATS FOU SALE Kl'UAltUKU.
SEVEN-ROOM flat: new furniture; rent $10;
water free; sunlight all rooms: will sell tril*
week fcr $150; a sacrifice; worth SV>. II ji
Fiilmore St. •
BARGAIN— 2 fine S and « rooms and bath flati"-^
' $COT,O; all conveniences. S08 Lombard st.
TAYLOR C2» corner Butter— 8- room flat; •*¦-
ajr; rent »13; clears »35; prtc. fUfcTHE * SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 3, .1904.
13
REAL. ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
EA^TONT^LDRn>GE~^COr~^
63S MARKET STREET.
AUCTION,
AUCTION,
AUCTION,
Tuesday , June 7.1904.
At our salesroom at 12 o'clock noon.
HAYES-ST. INVESTMENT.
; Nos. 62B-.28 Hayes st and 609-B11 Ivy ave..
west of Laguna st; lot 25x120 feet, running
through to rear street; Improvements consist
J of two very beautiful flats fronting on Hayes
St.. containing (5 rooms and bath each, and two
first-class flats fronting on rear st. Ivy ave.;
rent $y8 Ctt per month; mortgage $1800.
| CLARA-ST. INVESTMENT.
Nos. 17-1!> dura st., west or Third; lot 25x00
feet; Improvement 3 flats of 6-6-6 rooms and
bath each; new modern plumbing; renting for
$52 per month; mortgage of $1000 In German
Bank, i
CLEMENTINA-ST INVESTMENT.
No. 20 Clementina st. west of First; lot 23_
80 feet: improvements consist of a 2-«tory frame
building of 10 rooms an* bath; also rear houso
of 4 rooms and basement; rent $40 per montn.
VALPARAISO-ST. -INVESTMENT.
Nos. 82-84-80 Valparaiso st. east of Taylor:
lot 23xC0 feet; improvements consist of 3 flats,
containing: C-3-0 rooms; also rear house with 6
rooms and basement of 2 rooms and cellar;
also 3 unfinished rooms in basement of front
ilat; mortgage of $H»«> can remaln>
SACRAMENTO-ST. RESIDENCE.
No. 3109 Sacramento st. west of Baker; lot
25x137:6 feet; elegant 2-»tory residence of 9
rooms and bath; rentlneffor $30 per month.
12TH-AVE. BUILDING CORNER.
NW. cor. of 12th ave and M «t; lot 57:6-1
100 feet.
Building lot on B line of -to ave.. ITS fe.t
north of O st; lot 25x100 feet.
MISSION CORNER.
BE. cor. of 24th and Capp sts.: lot 58x63 ft.:
Improvements consist of a 2-story building,
containing store and flat above of 3 rooms;
only small portion of the lot now built upon;
mortgage of $3400 can remain; rent $34 per
month.
BRODERICK-ST. RESIDENCE.
No. 2211 Broderick st. south of Jackson; lot |
27:8%xll2:6 feet; Improvements consist of a
2-story residence of 8 rooms and porcelain
, bath, open plumbing, etc. ; rent $55.
SUTTER- ST BUILDING LOT. ¦
South line of Sutter st. 110 feet east of
Stelner; lot 27:0x137:6 feet. '
NORTH OF PARK BUILDING LOT.
Westerly line of Willard st. 100 feet south
of Turk; 22x100 feet; sewered, etc.
MISSION-8T, INVESTMENT.
No. — Mission at., west of 9th; lot 25x125
feet; Improvements consist of & 0-room dwell-
In?; good foundation; house in flrst-elasa order;
rent $40 per month. .
TWENTIETH-ST. BUILD-NO XLOT.
North line of 20th st. -55 feet west of
Church; lot 25x114 feet »
.'. ¦ ALSO
Southerly' line of 20th st, 130 feet west of
Church; lot 25x114.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE * CO..
63S Market st.
THOMAS MAGEE A SONS,
REAL ESTATE AGENT3,
S MONTGOMERY ST.
$16,500.
NEW PARK RESIDENCE.
60x137:6.
Fine 2-story, English basement residence en
north Fide of street, having an artistic den In
white pine, open fireplace in burnt pine, large
stairway and reception hall In white pine, nat-
ural finish; large reception-room looking into
the park, with elegant mahogany grate; din-
ing-room In Flemish oak finish; conservatory,
butler's pantry, kitchen and servants' room.
Permission to Inspect obtained at our office.'
Second floor has 4 bedrooms, bath, toilet,
large clothes, cedar and linen closets.
Basement has laundry and Chinaman's room.
Electricity throughout; fine yard and lawn;
street work done.
$1 25 PER week; no Interest: Iota in th. Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract; all level; no grad-
ln_ to do: ready to build your little home
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st., room 3.
PARTIES having lots for sale north of Golden
Gate Park can find an Immediate purchaser
by communicating with W. J. GUNN. 530
California st. (Savings Union Building;.)
$500 — WE have been authorized to sell a few
lots. 25x100. only 1 block Mission st, near
3-'>d St.; street graded, sewered; $50 cash,
balance $3 month. C per cent interest. MIS-
SION REALTY COMPANY. 2 29th st.
FREE homestead presented by, Uncle Sam un-
der new Government canal In Nevada. See
J. E. GORDON. 628 Cro-sley bid*., 2:30 to 3
p. m. dally. •
SNAP — Coxy sunny cottage, 5 rooms, bath and
laundry; latest improvements; north side
O'Farrell St.; $4000 only. Inquire 13O3 De-
vlsadero. between 10 and 12 a. ra,
J.ONEY at 0 per cent for the full co«t i>f
buildings and part lot Manhattan Savings
Bank, 107-8-9-11 Crocker building.
FOR sale — 2 houses: each 8 rooms and bath;
lot 2SxS4. Apply 976 Pine st.
FINE cor., 76x80. nr. Market st: 8 blocks
west City Hall. Room 217 Parrott building.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
JBACH & MAYER. Plumbers. 836 Howard it
POINT RICHMOND REAL KSTATE.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT at Stege; on Santa Fe
and electric roads; land $300 per acre; lots
60x200 at $150; orchard of 15 acres and
buildings $400 per acre; monthly payments;
send for maps, etc. Haight, 401 Cal. St., S. F.
FOUR choice lots cheap for cash. Apply 323
Bush st. third floor, room 4.
BEKKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
1 z
BERKELEY REAL ESTATg.
BERKELEY BUSINESS PROPERTY as an
Investment is equal to anything on the
coast. There Is money to be made by buy-
ing that class of property — five local trains
every hour from Berkeley station to San
Francisco.
Be.-keley is a village no more — It Is the
center of California for many thtngs.
! BERKELEY IS CALIFORNIA.
SOME GOOD BUYS.
A thoroughly well-built two-story brick butld-
, Ing. a NW corner. 6 stores below and flats
above, paying well.
A fine corner on Shattuck ave., very promi-
nently located; vacant; there's money In It
A stone and brick warehouse, fitted with com-
partments, elevator etc.. In a business center;
leased for five years.
A business block on Telegraph ave.. 2 stores
and flats above with vacant corner adjoin-
ing for flats; a choice proposition.
JOS. J. MASON,
Cor. Center and Shattuck. Berkeley.
»275O— SIX-ROOM house: lot 40x135; street
work and sidewalks complete; east ot Shat-
tuck ave.. near university antl station; $500
cash, balance $25 month, including Interest
at 8 per cent. MORAN & SWAIN. 2131
Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
FRIIITVALE REAL ESTATE.
CHARLES F. LEE, Phone Vale 20tJ.
Office half a block from Fruitvale station.
$15 monthly and own your own home: a
lovely 5-room, bath, pantry, high basement
brick foundation cottage; handsomely deco-
rated Interior; steel enameled bath: hand-
some palm tree; full-bearing fruit trees ami
flor.-ers In abundance; 3 blocks from the
car line; graded school close by. and lot
70x11.1: only $50O cash required; price all
told $1750.
CHARLES F. LEE. 1222 Fruitvale ave.
FOR sale— $2750; It cost $3750; rents for $20
per month; 2 cottages on lot. 40x130. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave..
East Oakland. .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1010 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
I l HAVE $3000 and wish to buy a home be-
tween West st. and Telegraoh aVe., north
of Twentieth st. Having no time except
Sunday I would like to have some addresses
¦ sent me of horr.es In this district Please
state all \ particulars' and address MRS. B.,
box 1202 Call office. Oakland.
A_ BARGAIN. "
$2750 — Only, for a 2-story. 8-room house; lot
59x132; tcood wtll of water: 1423 Linden st.
For information see P. C. UASSEN, 4C6
.'Tenth st, Oakland
REMOVAL ' REMOVAL
THE ALDEN COMPANY. REAL ESTATE.
HAS REMOVED FROM 1113 BROADWAY
TO 1233 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FCKJOTLIU. KUH s.VI.B.
TO-MORROW the day for barg_ln_Tn~f_rnN
ture. H. ScheUbaas.llth st.cor.store.Oakland.
HB-Ti* WAXTED — MALR-—Cr>T»rlnn#-rt.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
th? world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Thlrd~st~"near Mar^
ket — 700. rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and Iraggace to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office.cor.Duncan and Church sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, sllfrhtly damaged, half
price. 5(53 Mission st, bet 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waltinc; 25o
to SOc^ CCT M.'fElon St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
I UOUSI-S ASU AVAUOXS.
IF you want hors:s at your own price be sure
and attend the big auction r-ale at Horn's
Stock Yards, cornir Tenth and Bryant sts.,
Monday. June 0. at 11 o'clock. S. WAT-
KINS. Auctioneer. ; \ .
FOR sale — Pacing mare, $175; 7 years old, very
fast: gentle In every respect; safe for wo-
man to drive; will go double. For particu-
lars address box 960. Call.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horses, wag-
ons. surreyH, buggies, carts and harness; at
1140 Foltom _t.
SAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College^ — Next
session begins June 9. Catalogs by applying to
DR. £. J. CREELEY. 010 Golden Gate ave.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; rfear Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables.- 190 Stevenson. S. F. i
TEN fine camping wagons, surreys and rubber-
tire buggies; new and old; cheap. 1504 Fol-
eom st.
ROAN horse. 4 years old; well broke; cheap.
3SC3 Eighteenth st.
FOR sale — Two second-hand platform ' spring
wagons and one truck. 233 Beale st.
SECOND-HAND camping wagon. 843 Howard
street - , '. . N , .
FIRST class 2d hand express wagon with top.
Inquire N. BULLERDIECK. 1654 Mission.
NEW and s-cond-hand wagons all kinds, at
1615 Market st. opp. Franklin.
HORSES of all grades bought, sold and n-
changed. H. ATKINSON., 65 Hermann st.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ne?s. work and driving horses. 15th-Valencta.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for dr-
cular. G. H UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
H«>. >KS Til l.t.'i KIK.ViSHEO.
FURNISHED house; in Mission; 8 rooms and
bath; reasonable to desirable party. J. C.
Pitcher. Gth and Hooper eta.; pho^e South 375.
HOUSES FURNISHED — FOR SALE.
GOUGH, 609 — Must self at once; 14 rooms,
$400; rent $3C; make offer.
NICELY furnished house of 7 rooms, close, in;
will sell reasonable. Tel. Polk 3841.
$375 — SNAP downtown house, 9 nicely fur-
nlshed rooms; S rented. Box 4C9. Call office.
FOR rent — H-room cottasre In^a^JosePfur^
nfched com.letely; beautiful garden; all
kinds of fruit and berries; near car line.
Address 547 South Eleventh st. San Jose.
FOR rent — One 8-room house, with bath*"corn^
pletely furnished; fawn and flower garden,
some fruit; fine chance for any one wishing
to stay In country three or four months. For
particulars address MRS. M E. EPLEY
Napa. Cai. ¦.-.'¦¦¦¦¦-¦•-,
IXVEST3IEXTS.
GOOD investment — A limited number of shares
at 25c per share; this stock will be worth
one dollar ($1) per share wltnin a year; call
or write Osceola Mining and Development
Company, 414 Cronsley building. S. F.
I.AU-TCHES TOB SXBXL
C. A McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel Bush 534.
J. Michael!. Launch Co.,Union-st, wharf; boat-
ir.g & excursions. 5 Steuart sf: tel. John 2US6.
Lost aki> rouxu.
LOPT— On Oakland train or ferry, small grip
containing money. Heavy reward on return-
ing to SELBY UROS., 1150 Market st. San
Francisco, or 1057 Wishlngton St.. Oakland.
LOST— Collie dog; sable, with half white neck
and white chest. Reward If returned to F.
HESS, 821 California st. ; phone James 1501.
LOHT— White greyhound pup, black spot on
s^de of head. Return L. BERONIO, 314
Union st., and receive reward.
LOST — Gentleman's watch fob. diamond
buckle; liberal reward. Room 22. Donohoe
building.
LOST— Yellow canary from 835 Hyde st bet
Sutter and Bush; liberal reward.
LOST— Lady's watch with monogram, "L.J.H."
Address 1.26 Franklrn St.. Oakland.
FOUND — Cocker spaniel. Owner can have
same, by paying expenses. 100 Noe St.
MAT-U-gQ-TIA-..
YOUNG man wishes to get acquainted with
young lady; object matrimony. Box 487, Call.
MEDJCAI^ ~
LADIES df-lrlng safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience in all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE
7C2 Market st, rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities ; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. , 1008% Market st, opp. Gth.
DR. O. W. O'DOIdNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Offlce. 1018 Market st
SPECIALIST for women; DR. R. H. WES-
TON. offlce 305 Kearny st; hours, 10-4, 7-8;
consult a graduate physician; it pays; Irregu-
larities relieved; safe, sure and confidential.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk, above Van Ness — Ex-
pert in obstetrics, fem/ie complaints; lnttt.
relief; treatment $10; hours 10 to 5; 25 yrs.ex.
MRS. D. A"LLEN71il8"Ma!rkeT— ReTiabie^ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having secured lease of
premises, is permanently located at B11A
Leavenworth St., bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES' irregularities cured; 18 years' ex.;
private. DB. SYLVESTER, 213 Kearny gt.
LADIES — Kumround: safe, sure, never fails;
$2. Gltaron-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folscm st., corner
20th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment 1120 Market.
MISCKLI,ANEOt:s---FOIt % ALB.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH ti WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont et.
STANDARD oil rig. fully equipped, and 1B00
feet of casing, lift In. to 7% in.; also 1300
feet of 8 and 6 inch drive pipe. Apply for
particulars OAFFEY _c MAHON. 605 Cali-
fornia st
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK 7 "
Repair it with elaterlte; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron. tFa or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. B. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-1.2 Beale st
A— FINE suits, $7 SO; dress paints $2 50. Orlg-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 233 Kearny st..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton st. •
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
small weekly payments. United Loan and
• Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st...
upstairs.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to stop all leaks in the one and preserve the
new. 205 Front st; tel Main 1428.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 SO hats,' $1 Bo!
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny st, near
Pine; open to 0 p. m. ; Sundays to noon. -
,-TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 60 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 SO; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
PEHSOXAI.S.
sljP^m^LTJo^TlArir^ ~~ "^
Permanently removed by the use of "Sten-
zie," the most wonderful and effective der-
matological preparation ever placed before
tfie public; will positively . remove by the
roots any growth that can bp presented; will
not injure most delicate skin. Sold and ap-
plied by Mrs. E. G. Henderson. 326A Ellis.
A LONG STORY MADE SHORT— A wj-lnkled
face po.itively restored to its former contour;
' pimpie, harmles*. scientific method shown en
the living face; permanency guaranteed. Cal!
or write for book. "HJnts on Beauty," free.
M. ELLA'- HARRIS. 7SI O'Farrell st
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia pneumonia,
'sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROUN. 32 Turk st. 8. F.
A NEW METHOD— Your bust positively devel-
oped and enlarged by my method; magnetic
massage by appointed graduate, old school;
strictly confidential. MRS. HOLSHOUSETi.
637 Bush st., apt. 300; phone Front 87.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling. cures dandruff
1 and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists'. hairdressers': ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 13-t8 Pclk
CHYLO — Positive cure for indigestion, dys-
pepsia and preventive of appendicitis; by
mail 10c, 25c, 50c per box. The Chylo Co.,
121 Geary at, room 721.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin mouth bones, etc.). speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
' Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
•'VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness drains, vartcocele.
etc.; easily worn; $2 50 postpaid; physicians
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co. 140 Geary.S.F.
i :
NOTICE Is hereby given that I have sold my
- grocery store at 1601 Turk st. LOUIS KOE-
NIO.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or writ*. DR.
,G. 8. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st.
A FINE suit to order on easy Installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS, 1127 Market it,
between Seventh and Eighth.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair _c moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Travers. 1170 Market
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 CO; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Actlna restores lost eyesight: cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist 369 Sut-
ter. r. 009. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Us natural color; $1. at all druggists*.
_______
A— MME. LYMAN, scientific palmist, recently
from East. 4C0 Geary st; phone Green 33.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 013
Taylor st. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torriey-at-law. 0 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market gt
PHYSICIAK9 AND SURttEOXft.
DR. c7~C?~O'DONNELL — Offlce and residence,
1021 tt Market st., bet 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases & specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st
REMOVED— DR. WONG, HIM. herb doctor:
treats all dlse-.es of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at C67 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHI. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tai. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and t^as. 727 Washington st
WOtJG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls-
easfcg cured by Chinese herbs. 74C-S Clay tt
iy ¦'->.': PKOI'OSALS.
PROPOSALS — State Prison Supplies — Sealed
proposals will be received at the office of
the Clerk at the State Prison, San Quentln,
until 10:30 a. m.. SATURDAY, the lbth day
-* of June, 1904, and at the offlce Of tHe Clerk
of the State Prison at Fo/som until !»:30 a.
m., SATURDAY, the 23th day of June,
1904, at which times and places they will
be opened In the presence of bidders, for
furnishing and delivering supplies for said
prisons, consisting of subsistence stores,
forage, fuel, fuel oil, furnishing power to
run the Jute rnlll and electrical appliances
for Jute mill sJt San Quentin, clothing, med-
icines, lime, cement and other staple sup-
plies, from July 1. l!»04, to June 30. 1905, In-
clusive, on conditions as per printed sched-
ules which will be furnished upon applica-
tion at either of the above offices. .Xo bid
will be considered unless made unon said
schedules, nor unless accompanied by the
certified check therein required, nor from,
any other parties than bona fide dealers in
the classes of articles to be furnished. Each
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check upon some well known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
— -*r-nt of the amount of his bid, payable to
the President of the Board, conditioned that
the bidder will enter into a contract upon
notice of acceptance, as required by law.
Bids for either prison must be marked sep-
arately. All payments made on contract will
be paid In cash or Controller's warrants.
Bidders will carefully follow the conditions
of the schedules. The Board reserves the
right to reject any or all bids, as the public
Interest may require, and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified.
R, M. FITZGERALD, President J. M.
OLIVER. Clerk.
PROPOSALS— -UD3 WANTED— Notice is
hereby given that sealed ii__;>o-al3 will be
received by tie board of directors of the
Veteran.' Home of California, at its offlce,
room 13. 320 Sansome st. -an Francisco,
Cal.. up to 11 o'clock a. m., Saturday, June
4, 1'JiM. and opened immediately thereafter
in the presence of bidders, for furnishing
and delivering quartermaster and commis-
sary supplies, etc., for the Veterans' Home,
Napa County, California (railroad station
Your.tville), f. o b. for six months, com-
ir.enciiit' July 1, 1904, and ending December
81, 1904. Schedules with information and in-
struct ions for submitting bids will be fur-
nished upon application by the undersigned.
Bidders will carefully follow the conditions
of the schedules, and no bid will be consid-
ered unless It is in accordance with such
schedules. Bids on tea, coffee and sugar
must be mad» on samples submitted.
Each bidder must accompany his bid with a
certified check upon some well-known and
' responsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid, payable to C
Mason Kinne, treasurer, conditioned that
the bidder will enter into a gocd and valid
contract upon notice of acceptance, as re-
quired by law. Th« board reserves the right
to reject any cr all bids and to order any
quantity over or under the amount of spec-
ified. Address John F. Sheeban, secretary of
the Board of Directors of th» Veterans'
Home of California, room 13, 320 San_om-t
St., San Francisco. Cal. By order of the
board of directors. JOHN _>'. SHEEHAN.
Secretary. ¦
NOTICE to bidder- — Sealed proposals will b»
received until June 21. 1S04, at 7:30 o'clock
p. m.. by the Council of the City of Eureka
for $5000 4% per cent Forest Park lmprove-
iner.t bonds; $100,000 4V. per cent City Hall
bonds; $15,000 4}_ per cent fire apparatus-
purchase bends, and $35,000 4 V. per cent
' .ewer completion bonds, issued by the city
of Eureka under the act of the legislature
of the State of California of February 25,
j 1901 (Starutes l'JOl, pa_e 27). They will be In
denomination as follows: Forest Park im-
provement bonds, $125; City Hail bonds.
$.00; - fire apparatus purchase bonds. $375,
and sewer completion bonds, $S75; said bond.
' will be dated on or after July 1, 1004. Prin-
cipal and Interest payable at the oifice o(
the City Treasurer of the city of Eureka.
Interest payable semi-annual ly, one-fortieth
of principal payable annually, all In United
State, gold coin. All bids must be accompa-
nied by a certified check for 5 per cent of
the -bl_ payable to the Mayor of the city of
Eureka, State of California. The city of
Eureka contains- a population of ll.ooo. as-
sessed valuation $5,800,000, with present
¦Vbonded Indebtedness of $10'J,230, Incurred in
1902. J. P. WUNDERLICH. City Clerk.
PROPOSALS for Hay and Oats. Offlce Depot
Quartermaster, San Francisco. Cal.. _C New
Montgomery St., May 6, 1904^ — Sealed proposals
In triplicate, subject to the usual conditions,
will be received here until 12 o'clock noon,
June 4, 1904. and then opened, for furnish-
ing and delivering at San' Francisco. Cal.,
Seattle, Wash., and Portland, Ore., thirty-
eight hundred and seventy-six (3j>7e) tons oC
hay, flfty-Blx hundred and twelve (5ei2) tons
of. oats, subject to an Increase or decrease of
25 •: Der cent. United States reserves the
right to accept or reject any or alt bids, or
any part thereof. Further information and
blank proposals furnished on application.
Envelopes containing proposals to be markad
Proposals for Hay and Oats No. "3CC7" and
.addressed to Major C. A. Devol. Q. M.. U. S.
Army, DepoJ Quartermaster.;
AUCTION sale-^-Of flee General Superintendent.
Army Transport Service, *an Francisco, Cal.,
May 27, 1904. — There wlll*be sold at public
auction, at 11 o'clock a. m;, June 7. 1904, at
Folsom-st. wharf, a lot of miscellaneous con-
. demned quartermaster's stores, a list of
which can be seen at Folsom-st. wharf. '
• C. A. DEVOU
Major and Quartermaster, U. S: A. .
MISCEIXAKKOUS FOU SALE — Con.
SECOND-HAND sealskins, old koU and dia-
monds bought: send postal: will call. New ]
Municipal Loan Office, U17 .Washington st.
DIAMOND ring, earstuds. sunburst; bargain.
Ring landlady. 370 Geary et. 1 to 6 p. m.
LAUNCH for sale; hunting cabin; 6 hTpT;
new engine; snap. 1528 Bay at., Alameda.
AWNINGS tents.new.second hand. SUN TENT
* AWNl'NG CO.,42 Spear st; tel. John 6480.
FOR sale— Elegant CO-light electric bath cab-
inet; rensonal>le. Electric Works, "227 Ellis.
TENTS for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHDN
TENT Si AWNING CO.,35 Mkt.Tel.Eush 858.
I PIGEONS— All the leading varieties; stamp for
J , catalogue. C. WILSON, offlce 229 Stevenson.
BRITANNICA Encyclopedia, latest edition,
vols. KING'S, 61 McAllister St.. nr. Market.
EDISON Phonograph Agency, Peter Baclgalupl,
moved to 780 Mission St.
SECOND-HAND safes. $55: CO-inch desk. $27.
RICHARDSON BROS,. 81*i Market st. t
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap: some
- new: 16x16. 319 Third at: tel. Main 413.
ASK for prlce3 on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. . ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds and watches;
easy payments. GARIN. S03 Hayward bldg.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I^FRErcMAN^K?29Marketst.
SOME good second-'-ind gasoline engines, 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES — New andi second-hand. THE' HER-
MANN PAFK CO.. 307 Battery St.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Brec,kyi31 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st. -
GASOLINE' engines," auto— -biles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont St.
i ----— ¦-»--— —^¦^—"^™^ — —^—
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds gents' full dress suit*, eto. ; send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 23
Stockton st .
MORRIS gives highest prices for ladles' and
gents' castoff clothing; postal. 043 Foleom.
HIGHEST price paid for castoft clothing. TeL
Davis 825; 050 Sacramento st
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth at; tel. Jessie 2851.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co., 7S2- Mission; phone Bush 467.
SHOES wanted; mlcflt -s castoff: highest prcs.:
new tt .d-hand shoes for sale. 749 .Mission.
B1UM-Y TO LOAJlr
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK,
INTEREST BH AND 0 PER CENT.
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount advanced on CITY, OAKLAND,
TOWN AND COUNTRY real estate.
Second mortgages, estates In probate, undi-
vided interests in real estate, property In
trust: loans 'closed promptly.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY,
107-8-9-11 CROCKER BUILDING,
POST AND MARKET STREETS.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
001-602-003 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no -tBappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount oa
1st, 2d or 3rd
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
. or country. '
Low rate of interest
Give full particulars
of property or chattels,
Location, etc.
fiox 490. Call offlce. » .,,'vv
LOWEST BANK RATE.
Any amount; first and second mortgages,
estates In probate, undivided Interest In
estates, assignments of rents, etc., at lowest
rate of Interest.
RIVERS BROS., 205 Montgomery st
SALARY LOANS — - .
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. « Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates; strictly confidential. -National
Credit Co., 6^ Donohoo bldg., 1170 Market st
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamond*, jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest Baldwin Jewelry Store
846 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch, 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault is protect-
ed from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE, 25 gtockton; phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business in
40 principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott 1)1 <tg."
THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
AT lowr-t rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no commission; Installments accepted.
BONELLI. 301. Eddy. Conservatory building.
1 PER cent on furniture or planes; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
. quiet, confidential. 28 Montgomery st.. rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth «t
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311, Mutual Sav. Ilk.
bid.; Oakland offlce, llttifi Brdwy., suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOAN3 FROM $1 TO $10.000.
TO satarled people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. 3.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages-,
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny.
1 PER cent. on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
K-vlngs Bank building. 708 Market 6t
l%.per cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFVING. C16 Hearst bid.. Ex. ent
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORELL. 009 Examiner building.
Ml'SlCAt, IKHTKUMl-NTS.
ALL UPRIGHTS: ! -^^-^^ -—¦>— ~-^.-w^
Neubert, new $250 now $60.'
FUcher, new $325, now $83.
Hertz, new $300. now $07. < . ':•" V
Russell ne.w $3S5. now $135.
Colby, new $425. now $180.
2 Chickerings, new $4r>(», now $100. $135.
2 Stein ways, .new i?376, $750; now $183, $323.
Heine, new $575 now $333,
and 00 othen. Several squares at bargain
prices. 'Call and .xamlne them. Rents $_ up.
Installments $4 up. Old pianos or organs taken
in exchange. Tuning .52, finest workmanship.
HEINE PIANO CO..
235-237 Geary st Oakland, 1252 Broadway.
A NICE small upright: good order... $10
One a little better, for practice $50
One Kranich & Bach, condition fine $100
One Belmont; mahogany case; a snap. ..$147
One Little Jewel; used three months $150
One Sterling; walnut cose.; good order.. $155
One Mathushek; fine order; rosewood. .$1C>5
Also one Chlckerlng. 2 Vose, 2 Stelnways, 2
Stecks, 1 Knabe; all in first-class condition;
easy pay's. Benj. Curtaz & Son. 10 O'Farrell.
A SENSATIONAL fire— Storage piano, and
furniture will - be removed to North Beach
and burned if not sold In a few days; this
means storaee Diar.os and furniture almost
cheaper than fire wood, and must be re-
moved. Whltchead's Storage, UKIB Market.
PIANOS for rent; $3 per month; the largest
and best ctock in San Francisco to select
from; pianos from $30 upward; our line ths
be st. our prices the lowest. SCOTT CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 560-C4 Hayes st.
SPECIAL bargains this week; square pianos.
$'_.*•: uprights. $100 up; organs, $25. BYRON
MAUZY. 808 Post st.
WILL sell for storage, fine Hazelton and Vose
pianos. STATHAM'S. 110 McAllister st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post St.
A BEAUTIFUL Stelnway upright grand, as
good as new: cheap. Hornung. 210 McAllister.
$185— STEINWAY upright: private party; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
• ments. SCHMITZ * & CO.. 1« McAllister st
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chlckerlng baby grand;
Shonlnrer. little used Keaffe's. 285 O'Farrell.
i WABEH0TTSE3.
FOR BALE OR TO LEASE. ~~~
{ - : Lot and 4-story -warehouse, 45:10x120;
¦ short block from : S. P. freight sheds; apply
on premises. 13 Bluxcme st., bet. 4th and 5th.
rittVlTlUE KOIl 8ALB. . i
AM>Ki'.SON Auction Hcuse at 1» Turk tt.. nr.
Uaxket, lor furniture and everythlne for the
house at lowest r.rices.
KIKNITUI'.E for sale; $75 worth for $7 50
-con and $1 M pet week. BRILLIANT'-*
Post st. Bear PowelL
CHKAP_ST place In city for second-hand tar*
.rlrure. y<u\ Gory St. Tel. Polk 1477.
»tKN4it_t,K WAVIHI).
A»U LEVY.
Pale*rooin. lir!5 Market st. T»l. Jessie 761.
Don't tell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture. »to., until you get his estimate. . >'
CHAS. LEVY & CO. ray hTghret price for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 7S2 Mif-lon; teL Bufh 413.
I1C If n'AXTED-FEMALE.
WANTED — Second girl and laundress. $25;
cook, plain wash. Alameda. $30; chamber
maij and. wait one meal. J_3; 2 nurse girls,
$2t»; ir.fant nui*e. $30; teak, family hotel. $35;
pirl.Bcne.ral housework, asi-ist with children.
••it); g'.rl for general housework. 2 in family,
• s..i:< b ;•..., $_;i, see laJy in office this fore-
noon: kitchen helper. country. $20; 4
. cooks. German ftyle. $30; IS young girls,
general housework. $25; restaurant waitress,
%* ptr week. Apply J. F. CKOSETT -t CO.,
S 3 * Sutter St.
¦ A— WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng. .
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks: $5 to tii tf-e entering now; 3 po- '<
(¦illoos to fill immediately: positions guaran-
teed _t $10 per week up; leading school in
•\V*--_ 233 Geary st.. room 13. .
A — Girt to learn millinery r.ow for spring sea-
rcn; both seasons taught from start to finish
!n 1 month for $15; positions as trimmers. I
e.le.ladles, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
«*-y and evening class. 143 Stockton st. r. 13
A — LADIES, learn all tranches halrdresslng
trade, manicuring, massage, etc.; positions
etcured at niftiest w__-es; day and *v«. cla»»-
e»; tbor. system. Removed to 133 Powell st.
TWO lady canvassers at once; new goods: lib-
eral terms; cl_y and ccuntrr. The Oatine
«'o.. 121 Cearyst. room 721.
WAN'TED-A girl to learn typesetting. Ad-
-re_s box 49V. Call.
-A LADT as brtjr_kpep«r and cashier in a re-
tall business; reference. Box 4fll. Call.
GIRL to assist light housework In Alameda.
Call 1047 Golden Gate ave., city.
"WANTED — Typewriter at once. Call at 4C5
Front et., Bradley Fruit Co.. city.
WANTED — A first -cls,«s waitress at S04 Ml-
eon St.: wages $10 a week.
WANTED — Cook for small institution in sub-
urbs: $25. Call "uu California, st.
YOUNG girl for help after 4 o'clock dally;
sleep home. 1C Willow ave.
EXPERIENCED solicitor, either eex. every
omn<ur_ty; Improved, fast selling staple ar-
ticle; permanent exclusive territory: bid
future: libral commission. WARD _c
SCHEIDLER. 1233 Broadway. Oakland.
COMPETENT second girl: French, German or
Kwtdlsh: wa»?e* $25 Call 2*S Washington
rt.. In afternoon; carfare paid.
WANTED — A woman who is a first-class chl-
iopodi.<t and understands hairdrer-ing; state
experience. Apply box 44O, Call office.
FIRST-CLAPS hairdressers and manlc-rers
_ « anted. Apply at COSGIIOVE'S, 110 Geary.
BOOK folders and s<wers wanted; steady em-
• pioymer.t. J. B. McINTYRE, 424 Sansome.
tCA-CTXEO — Dj-eesrr.akers and apprentice. 121
ToFt tt., roum 43.
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced cloak and
ru'.t saleswoman. Address box 471, Call.
A PROFITABLE outing; pick hops in August
Write E. Clemens Horst. 122 Battery «t.,S.F.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on pants wanted. Call
- at 1316 Van Keaa _ve.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
' A BRANCH office of The Call :or the recep«;o_
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
cpened at IOCS Market »u. opposite F:fta.
Or»i. until 11 p. m.
III.LI* WAK7-.D MALJ.
A— PACIFIC LMPLOYMENT AGENCyT'
Phim«? M_ln HJtl. C3!» Commercial st..
P. M. GUNN. Near Kearny.
7 Placer m!i;erF. Pisklyou Cuunty, $2 "day
ond fd.. call early on this; Ship to-day. Santa
Fe Company's own work, free fare, in Cali-
fornia. R. R. laborers; 20 taborers, you work
*> hiui-F, $_ day. long job; 10 2-horw team-
eters. electric R. R., free fare. $2 day:
Nevada, t-hip _ally. teamster*, laborers and
i ¦ rockruen. $2 to s_ CO day. 6 hours' work: T-o
Grx-«-k laborers. S. P. Co.. free fare, go to-day.
JiJow holders, teamsters, track laborers, $2
to $2 25 d_y. all summer's job; boys for
sash and door factory, also 10 boys for box
factory. $1 50 and $1 C5 day. steady work;
15 ¦jTOodcnoppar-, $1 2_ to $2 cord, you can
make big menry on this work: sash and door
men, set party here. $4 day; blackismith.
country. $2 day and fd. ; cook and wife. $10(r
— nd fd.. se4 txj&E here; hundreds of other po-
yitloKp; call* end ett us and go to work.
AT THE CAL EMP. AGENCY
14 Third rt.. nr. Call bldg.: phone Bush 403.
THE STATE OF NEVADA.
CHEAP FARE— REFUNDED.
U. S. GOVERNMENT WORK.
25 teamsters. *>i~ 50 a month.
15 laborers, $00 a month.
IV drlMeTS, rockmen. hammermen. $73.
2 laborers for mucking in mine $75.
SAWMILL CREW. '
« laborers, mill, $35 to $40 and found.
Second tztmxaer $40 and board.
Board puller. $45 ar.d board.
T. tt-ction hands, sawmill, $.'..*. and found
1« lumber pliers. $35 to $40 and found.
4 hay teamsters. *1 _ij _ day and board.
t« » oodchoppers. pine. 4 feet. $1 23 cord.
« laborers, quarry, $2 25 day.
10 Italian Quarrynjen $2 25 day.
Elevator boy city building. $25.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 Tfclrd st.
_—--——--————— —_______,
AT C. R. .HANSEN & CO.. Employment Agts.,
42» Bush St.. G42 Clay st.
ift tunnelmen. Humboldt Co.. $2 75,
-teatner s*lls to-day; 20 Scandinavians.
• m-ampers, $35 and found; milkers, farmers.
haymakers. $30. $."!3; teamsters. laborers,
Oovercme_t work, Nevada, 8 hours' work.
> $2. >'2 25; Ktablecaan. city. ?.;.'« and found.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Kitchen steward, country hotel, $75; chef
_ _ d tecond. country hotel. $16(>; second cook,
.country hotel, $50: _i_h and pot washer,
'•cunlry hotel, free fare, $25; waiters, porter*.
¦ bell and elevator boys, city and coumry. v $20
- to j:,v. all-around cock. $CG*t dishwasher,
e_~ne place, $25; a handy man for club, must
-nflerrtand painting and carpenter work. $.';5
and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. Employment Agents,
¦ 42a Bush Ft.. 642 Clay st
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY.
85 THIRD ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 6521."
• Cook, city, $00 and found.
Mockers, tunnel, ?2. free fare.
Milkers. $30 and four.d.
. Young man for cf fice. country. $C5.
One who un<3ert>t_-ids telegraphy.
Man to run burly drill, quarry, north.
La-ridryrnan. country hotel $40 and found.
Tunnelmen. Cal.. $2 CO to $2 75; free fare. •
FJurriber. $3 5O. fare T-Oc.
Woodsmen, north. $40 ar.«J found.
I.a borers, $2 to $2 £5, _:i over State.
Ranth hard*, tl £5 and found.
Sticker h_c_. $4, near city.
Teamsters, all over Statf. ti to $2 25
HORD Sl SMITH.
COOK for miners. $40 and found: ranch cook;
fry cook. $14 week; cook, private family $:J0
and found; German hotel waiter. $35 'and
found; restaurant waiters. .Ishwashet-s and
others. J. F. CROKETT & CO.. C28 Sacra-
mento »?.
RAICCII foreman, $50 and found: 2 mill-
wrights. $3 Zto day; 3 blacksmiths. $2 day
- end board and $3 day; 2 blacksmith heipers:
t,- horse teamster, $2 60 day: milkers x.to
ant! f'.ii: farmer, $50 and $1 60 day; butcher
f6r country. $40 and found: chortman for re-
sort; R. R. track foreman. $C5; machine m<>n.
cl--i«Ti _«d ethers. J. F. CUOSETT 4 CO.
C28 Saerair.ento tt.
' A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU. "
CI2 Commercial st.. near Kearny
S. laborers, north, fC7 CO: 10 laborers free
tare, all «ummcr> Job. $C0. only H hcurs: 6
Ktwo-horfe fetnyters, free fare. $(Xi; 2 hay
han-s. $1 60: 10 farmery. «-af;y work. M);
fere, name ranch. $20 and found; dishwasher.
city. $25: 6 boys, factory; chef cook, city
restaurant $60 to $'O: secor.d cook, $45 to
$X>0: 3 mtllmcn. near city.
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
t -6C2 Clay St. Phone James 2476.
NEVADA— Government Ditch— NEVADA
TTAUSTERS, LABORERS. TUNNELMEN.
•Wood-worker $3 day.
ruth and Door Men $.1 dsy.
Cook, eawmlll camp $(» month.
A Laborers, st«am shovel $2.25 day.
Ilsy hands. Miners, Milkers. Etc.
6C2 Clay Kt . «02 Clay Et.
ANDRE'S office. 217 Stockton st— Cook and
baker, plain hotel, country. $50 to $W; cook.'
•mall boar-ing-house. $35: kitchen hand,
private place. $35: dishwashers, vegetable-
t.-i- n. potwsKhers. city and country, $30; night
janitor and run elevator. $40, etc.
A- HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Conk. $<V>: bellboy, $22 M.
gVnteel hoy, about 12 years; ref-
V . e-rence*: »tf*<ly. Room 115. Phetan building.
A!C «»xper1enr*d solicitor: rood advertising
prop, to light man. 403 Montgomery, r. 6, va.
RRA1. ESTATK Cnnntrr For ««!*._
A SANTA Cp1uZ~MOU.VTAIN HOME.
120 acre.- with a $4o0;> crop; books to show:
an established summer resort: sprinkled
road; rural delivery: over 25 per cent net
Income; good reasons for gelling; price $10,-
©00. B. H. NOBLE. Los Gatos, Cal.
CHARCOAL burners— We have 200 acres
heavy oak, manzanita and madrone timber
to turn Into charcoal: will sell for royalty
or percentage; three miles from R. R. : down
hill; easy to reach. Hermosa Ranch Co.,
Cloverdale. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C M. WOOSTER CO.. «4»
Market st
SOUTHERN Oregon irrigated lands, dairy
farms, stock ranches, atfalf* land, timber
land, mlnea. S. C. TRAYNER. 604 Kearny:
KKAL KJTAT- TO _JCllA.\(i_.
INCOME Oakland property to exchange for-
good country property. P. C. LASS EN. 466
Tenth _t. Oakland. Cat.
ROOM* FOR IIOISRKKEPIVCJ.
A *5NAP — 3 partly furn. housekeeping rooms;. "
$15 mo.; sunny. The Vlrgtnia, 10C3 Powell.
BUSH. 2333 — 2 sunny furnished rooms, witi-
small kitchen^ -
EIGHTH.IOH — Housekeeping room; furnished;
bedroom and kitchen adjoining.
OEARY, 046 — Light housekeeping rooms, $3 f
$S per month; also single rooms. .
GOLDEN GATE ave., 13_S>. near Scott— Floo r'
ot 3 or 4 rooms, furni-hed complete fur
housekeeping; rent reasonable.
JACKSON, 2311— Housekeeping rooms; com-
I pletely furnished or unfurnished; 'gas range;
) phone; bath.
JONES. 507. June. O'Farren — For light house-
keeping, 2 pretty sunny Tooms; alsj single.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1.T40 Ptne—
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rate $30 up. '
LARKIN 326. cor. G. O. ave.— Furnished sun-
ny; central: hath; phone; run, water; rea*.
LARKIN. 817%— Nicely furnished sunny fronfl
room; folding: bed; gas stove: reasonable.
MISSION, 944 — Housekeeping- and single room*; '
reasonable; central.
NATOMA. 23^ — Two furnished rooms; privates
rent reasonable.
OAK. 10—2 rooms, complete for housekeeping I
use of piano. > . y :
OAK. 117. and 53S McAllister — Rooms com--
plete. housekeeping; gas range, hot bath.,
laundry. $5 and $1-.
POLK. 612— $14; # bedroom. kitchen, gas stove,
bath'; large front suite, tou-ekeeplng: teas.
POLK, 634, cor. Eddy — Housekeeping room*
and others; use ot kitchen if desired; rea*.
POLK. 1402 — Sunny housekeeping rooms: ga*
and bath free; reasonable.
TURK. 803— Nicely furnished suite and
kitchen; running water, gas, bath, phone.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3726. near Dolores — 3 sunny
bay-window rooms; nice, neat, complete.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received ac
Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan & Church *t».
A BRANCH office of The Call 'for the receptlca
of advertisements and subscriptions has n»»n
cpened at 100S Market -t. opposite FlftX-
Ocen until 11 p. m.
AP-aT-t-ST 2ZOVSXS.
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS. ~
1CS4 SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and sunny; _-3-4 rooms aadl
bath each: all unfurnished; $27 60 to $40.
Make reservations now.
6T.CECILE. 115 Fell.above Van Ness ave.— T__
acme of perfection In modern, elegantly fur-'
nlshed 3-room apartments, with private baths,
steam heat, electric 1 i?ht. elevator, gas rang**: "
$30. $35. $.7. $40. $45. $47 fO. $30. $55.
A SNAP — 3 partly furn. hkpg. rooms; $13 m«. j
sunny. The Virginia, 1005 Powell st.
ET. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-8
rooms; furn. or unfum.: refs. Tel. East 1.T3O.
APARTMENTS WAJTTXD.
APARTMENT house of 4 rooms wanted in de-
sirable lucalrty; furnished. Box 617. Call.
FURNISHED apartment of 3 rooms wante.j
«tate rent Box 719. Call efnee.
WANTED — An apartment of 3 furnished room*
for housekeeping. Box 15S. Call office.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and (Jafira.
A^BmJNlswliaEr-^U-e^T
25c to $1 per night. $1 23 to $3 per week ami
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st (or No. I
Fifth st.) — Rooms. 25c. COc. *1. $1 5u n:«;_t_
$1 CO to $10 week: house open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single: also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FILLMORE. 2210— $10; 3 sunny unfurnished!
rooms; yard.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 33a
t_ $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk. : reading-room.
GRANT ave.. 7 — Nicely furnished front rooms,
suitable for two; $2 to $3 50 w<elc
HOTEL DUFFERIN. 749 Ellis— Elegantly fur-
nished suites and single rooms. ¦
JONES. 207 (Van Winkle) — Furnished sunny
rms.; suite or single; gents preferred; $2 up.
LAGUNA. 1021 — 2 unfurnished rooms.
LARKIN. 804 — Large sunny rooms, 1. or 2
person.. $l> and $3. '
MCALLISTER, 'SO— Sunny front room, well fur-
nished; gas. water; other rooms; central.
POST. 8t<9. near Hyde — Large furnished front
room; bath: gas; for 1 or 2 gents.
ROYAL House. 1_? Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night. 33c to $1 SO: week. $3
to $S; month. $S to $30: elevator oa ground
floor; room- with hot and cold water; baths.
SIXTH. 136 — Furnished rooms; location cen-
tral; charges reasonable; cars pass door.
THE ST. KATHRYN. NF. cor. Le»veaworts!
and Ellis — Sunniest rooms In the city; sew
hotel; Just furnished fresh and clean: hair
mattresses in every room; also hot and cold
water, baths, etc.; steam heat throughout;
elevator service and every - modern conveni-
ence; rooms from $3 p-r week up. .
THE FA-MOUTH, 104DA Market st. — Sunny
rooms; hot and cold water; elevator; $3 to $7.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 409
rooms, 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to ?ti week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; ek-vator, read. -room: free bus: baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market —1
Most convenient and respectable: 700 roomi; .
SSc to $1 SO night: $2 to $S we-k; elevator.
«lec. lights: reading-room: fr«- bus; baygag-.
WOLF House 202 Sixth st — Rooms from 18a
to 91 per night and from 9Cc to $5 per week.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan .. Church sts.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has beer.
opened at IOCS Market st. opposite F'-Jth.
Open until 11 p. m. .
ROOMS AND IIO.RD.
SUTTER, 614 (The Westminster) — Handsomely
furnlshed sunny bay-window suites of rooms.
GEARY, 501, Hotel L'Alglon— Family room*
and board; entirely renovated; reas. prices.
HOWARD, 841A — First-class board and room,
tingle cr double. $5-$6 wk.; American family.
VAN NESS. 700. cor. Turk— Elegant sunny
suit: first -class table board; all modern con.
venlcnces; also single room.
DIVIDEND 3OT1CXS.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society, -th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building. 70S Market st. opposite Third—
For the half year -Edlnc 31st of December.
1803. a dlvtdend has been declared at tb«
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent oa '
capita! stock and participating certificate*,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY January 2. 1004. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIO. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con.: A dividend. No. ?:«. of fifty
cents (50c) per share on the Issued capital
stock of the company has been declared, pay-
able at the offlce of the company, rooms i(C.
204 and 20«i. Hayward building. San Fran-
cisco on June 10, 1904.. Transfer books clcs.
June"3. 1004, at noon. C. C. QU1NN. Sec'tary.
DIVIDEND No. ft. 5 per cent, now due and pay.
able to depositors of Parlfle Bank at 4tKl Mont-
gomery St.. room 8. J. HOWARD BARNARD.
8PECI VI.1STS.
CATARRH DEAFNESS tnd NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method.: 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. CotUnghara. 204 Sutt«r st
Continued on Pace Foartecii*
*»»JJ»V--- I i sMl —i II BWll-_rT-WH-i ¦¦i-lMNr''-»f- _WI_-»--Pi----irW -H
1 nnyr \va xTEp— m ale-— cw«.
A-lirUlUY & READY, plione Main JsiS.
l~J4 and 030 Clay ft; _M!* PHONE MAIN.
Leading Iimplcyincnt and Labor Agents.
V.HM We Gave n»oi We Hope to
<jU.(ji«J Men Wcrk. Increase, co.000.
SPANISH GERMAN FRENCH
ITALIAN SWISS / GREEK
NEW — NEW — NEW
ARIZONA ARIZONA ARIZONA
?11 04 1104 MILES $11 04
8350 MEN WANTED.
HUNDREDS GOING DAILY — ARE YOU?
Teamsters, latorers, hammermen, drillers,
$2, $2 M\ $3 and *:: 50 day.
Florence, renter of great mines — ARIZONA.
V FREE FAKE— 8 HOURS DAY.
To State of NEVADA, NEVADA. NEVADA.
UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT WORK.
~3.'>5 drillers, teamsters, laborers, rockmen,
concrete mixers, tunnelmen. $2, $2 50, $3,
$•{ 50— 8 hours— overtime paid — cost $1 fee —
that's all— 2 years' work. _.
NORTH— FREE FARE— EAST— SOUTH
1M5 laborers, no experience required, you II
suit.
FREE TO-DAY— YOU GO FREE
GREAT LUMBER TRUSTS
10C laborers, lumber companies. $•!•> to »W
and found "';,-"
TO THE MINES AND QUARRIES
S6 laborers, foremen for mines. $40 and $.10
and found
6 all-round miners, $90.
Shift boes. owner here to-day, see him,
big wages. _„_ .„
18 drillers, no fare to pay. $G< 60.
LABORERS— TEAMSTERS. --^_
P3 scraper and sand wagon teamsters, $2 26
day.
164 laborers all over California, coma In
/San Francisco. $2 and $2 25 day.
/ S6 laborers, 6 hours' work daily, that s all.
-HAY AND HARVEST HANDS.
01 haymakers, all over 8tate, $1 50 day fd.
3S harvest hands, sack sewers, pitchers, etc.
$2 day and found $
IS teamsters, extra .good jobs, $1 50 and $2
day and found.
DAIRYMEN. STABLEMEN.
64 milkere. extra good Jobs, come see, $35
and $40 and found. .
; 6 buttermakers, 2 cheesemakers, $40 and
$50 and found.
10 stablemen, city and country jobs. $75,
$00 and $35 and found. - i
GARDENERS— CHOREMEN.
"i gardeners, private Jobs, boss here, $35 and
$.10 and found.
4S choremen and boys, different jobs, $33,
$30. $25 and found.
1G hay balers. 25c ton.
FRUIT PICKERS. ETC.
6T. orchard and vineyard hands, permanent
J-.bE. $26. $30. $35 and found.
10 fruit picker., fare $1, extra good job,
$26 and found! • ' -
DRIVERS. DRIVERS. DRIVERS.
C_ hack drivers for San Francisco, $C0.
V MARRIED.
9 men and wives for farms, orchards, vine-
yards, dairies, mines, etc., $40, $50. $00.
$70 and found.
MECHANICAL.
6 carpenters, different places. $3, $3 50 day.
Electrician, factory, country, $3 day.
Lather, fare $1. $2 .".0 M.
4 nopr-entice boys, city.
Crosscutter. logn. L. Co., $45 and found.
Tinner. $3 day.
Carpenter and blacksmith, ranch, fare 20c,
$45 and found.
5 crosscut sawyer?. Carefully read these:
TRADESMEN.
2 lathers, city. $2 50 per M.
<; sash and door hands lumber company, $-1
to $3 50 day.
IS blacksmiths, different places, $3. $3 50 day
Foreman molder. iron worker. $4 to $5 day.
2 painters, paperhanpers city, $.1 a day.
Tinemith factory, fare 10c, $.5 a day.
i> carriage painters. $12 to $15 week.
Weavers on blankets.
Machinist rdler grinder, fare 60c.
2 brick loaders, country, 2.">e M.
Pcrew turners, edgerman. hook tenders.
Logger, understands rietring-, L. Oo., $00 fd.
12 shlnrle packers, cutoff sawyer.
Molder s-nd sticker hand.
Carriage painter and sticker hand, $4 day.
Wheelwright. 5t>c fare, steady Job, $50 found.
Painter, carriage work?, fare $1, $50 found.
Wheelwright wheel machine, fare $1, $3.
12 coopers slack work, call very early.
Bench hands, planlnc mill, fare $1. & day.
Woodchonpers.
1JM5 choppers, everywhere in the State. v
Logger. Dolbeer lnpjring donkey, $75 found.
Hotel Laundry.
Butchers— Other Dept.
IS cooks, springs, reports, hotels, camps,
mines, ranches, saloons, etc., $70, $C0, $50,
$40 $.':0. $25. found.
.T second cooks, $35, $40 found.
14 waiters., hotels, cafes, etc., $40, $35, $30,
J25 found.
2'5 dishwashers. Bee us.'$.1.".. $30. $20 found.
1" jtorter-. b<41 and elevator boys, $30, $25,
£20. $15 found.
LOOK ,
3 janitors, $40; wholesale houses; 2 porters,
$J0.
4 boys, city factories. $4 we»k; omnibus boy«
Butcher and bookkeez>er, manage country
shop, good wages: sausage maker, $60 fd. -
Many othsr butchers wanted.
Laborer do butcher's work, mine, $35 found.
LAUND.RYMEN.
Laundryman. institution, $30 found.
Washer, springs hotel, extra easy good Job,
$25 found.
18 laundrymen all over California.
3 vegetable gardeners. $."W) found.
BAKERS.
• Kiret, second, third, fourth hands, bakers,
cake bak<>r. country, $20 week.
MURRAY & READY, C14-C3G Clay st.
A— TALL MAN.
Very short man to wear our advertisement
In clerical robes.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
WANTED for t*. S. army, able-bodied un-
married men. between ages of 21 and 35;
citizens of the United States, of good char-
acter and temperate habits, who can speak,
read and write EngllFh. For Information
apply to Recruiting Officer. Rlalto building.
New Montgomery st, San Francisco, cr 1023
Second St., Sacramento, Cal. --. ,;¦- "...
WANTED — Strong young man. from 18 to 20
years of asre, to fill orders In wholesale house.
Bex 480. Call.
WANTED— A steady man to learn a trade;
will make in abort time $S0 a month. 310^
Folsom St., upstairs.
FOR sale — Three'-chalr barber shop; reason for
selling-, going Info other business. 54 North
Main st, Napa. Cal.
A BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 528
Broadway.
BARBER for evnlnKs. Saturdays and Sun-
days. 1050 Howard st.
BARBER for Saturday at 505 Fourteenth st,
near Washington,- Oakland.
' BUFHELMAN wanted. 1038 McAllister st.
WANTED— First-class blank book forwarder.
F. MALLOYE. 422 Sacramento st.
YOUNG man of good appearance as salesman
in tailoring department; must have some ex-
perience. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO., 740
Market st.
WANTED — 3 experienced cutters; must come
well recommended. Scotch Plaid Tailors/
1009 Market st.
MEN and women wanted to learn the barber
trade, free of charge. Glllett College of
Barbers. 647 Commercial st.
A profitable outing; pick hops in August Write
E. CLEMENS liORST CO.. 122 Battery st.S.F.
FIRST-CLASS bricklayers wanted at Fairmont
HcteL Mason and California Eta.
BARBERS — $150 buys my shop with a money-
making business. 235 Eighth St.
FOR sale — A good 2-chalr barber shop with 2
furnished rooms. II. BERNARD. 104 7th st
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale; very cheap.
SIG'i Third «t.
BARBRR shop for sale, cheap. EUREKA
_REALTY CO.. 7S3'/i Market St.
BARBER .hop for sale; clears $25 per week,;
rent $8. 3147 Twenty-fourth st
WANTED — Sailors and ordinary teamen for all
parts of Europe. LANE'S, &04 Davis st.
WANTED— Young man who is a thoroughly
experienced jewelry and silverware salesman;
must have local experience. Apply between
» and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
_____ __
Men to learn the BARBER TRADE: only
<:i;lt weeks required; positions secured: con-
stant practice and expert instruction; special
offer and catalogue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay et
WANTED— Three first-class carriage black-
smiths and three first-class body makers;
good wages and steady employment to right
parties. Apply A. MEISTER ft 8ONS CO..
Sacramento, Cal.
SALESMEN wanted to sell nursery stock:
cash advanced weekly; write Immediately for
NU'RSERY^' ChlcVc'al""* 0 " 1 -
WA . NT £ D ~ Laborer " » nd mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno Hou*r> proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver Houee,
217 Third st; 250 rooms; 25o to .Oc^per night
TRT our men's shots, union made, at $1 and
$1 60 pair: foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay
express or mall charges. II Sd et.Exam. bid.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade; wages
while learning. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and young men (green .h'-nrt«) fnr
ships. HALLBERT. S17 Jackson st ;
Pension Atty., E. A. Bullis, r.40. Phelan bldg •
Past Com. Gto. H. Thomas Post, a. A. It
WrWT COLUMN OF THC CALL, BUT YOU flAV GAIN ONESAN JOSE, June 2.— The Increase In the local
Postoffice business has been so great In the
last few months 'that the service Is seriously
crippled for lack of help.
Margaret Campbell to John V. Campbell, lot
on NE corner Gr^en and Pierce streets, N 27:8
by E 103:6; gift.
John V. Campbell to Elizabeth S. Herrlck.
¦ame; $1.
Ellen H. and James Spanton to Cqcelia Un.
ger ¦ lot on K line cf Devlsadero street, 62:0
N nf Putter, 'N 25 by E R7:6: $10.
Hugh B. McAvoy to Ellen McAvoy. lot on
NW corner Waller and Broderick streets, N
25 by W 100; gift.
Henry C. and Bertha Collins to Dora Armer,
lot on N line of Washington street, 87:6 W
of Lyon, W 25 by N 102:8Vi; $10.
Maria Mcmferran to John Barduhn, lot S
line of Hayes street. 181:3 E of Cole E 25
by K 137:0; $10. '
m City Land Company to Frank R. Grannis,
lot on SW corner Sacramento and Spruce
streets, W 137:6 by S 182:7?,: $10.
James G. Steel* to Mary J. Steele lot on
K line of Church street, M> S of Fifteenth. S
25 by E 75; $10.
. Agnes M. Oarbee (Bartels, wife of Het-rv
1 B.) to Michael and Margaret Kavanagh. lo"t
'on B line of Ford street, 210 K of Noe. E 25
1 Ernestine B. Gallagher to Henrietta Martin,
City and County of San Francisco to
E. A. Heron s-.nd Myron T. Holcomb, lot on
N line of Turk street, 137:0 E of Polk E 68-9
by N i:57 :6; $
limile A. Cak-garis to Klvira Calejraria, lot
on S iine of Post' street, 157': 8 W of Polk. W
27:fi by S 120: $10.
William Wolf to Jean and Roae Carroul,
lot on NW corner Gyiugh and O'Farrell streets,
N 29:9*1 liy W 112:fi; $10.
John lltj*m to El'anora Hoss. Jot on N line
of Hayes street; 131:3 E of Buchanan, E 25
by N 120: gift.
Adam Andrew to Maitle II. Andrew, lot on
NE corner Pine and Pierce streets, K 25 by
N S7:6; gift. . »
THURSDAY. JUNE 2.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS. .
At a reception given the other night
to Mrs. Robert J. Burdette by the Cal
ifornia Club women at the Odeon Thea
ter California oranges and nuts sent by
Commissioners Filcher and Wiggin3
were prbminent among the refresh
ments and helped advertise the State
among the rn^ny Eastern ladles who
were present to pay their respects to
the wife of the celebrated humorist.
¦Madge Morris Wagner, the poetess, is
here and will remain during the fair as
the guest of Mrs. Hart, hostess of the
Alaska building. Mrs. Haft has solved
in a heroic manner the problem of se
curing comfortable quarters during the
exposition." She has bought a house
near the fair grounds and will sell it
when tyie'fair is over. In this way she
is sure to escape a successive raise of
rents.
James R. Dunn, formerly, head of the
Chinese. Bureau- in San Francisco, but
now in .the Government' service in St.
Louis, is meeting many old friends
here. He is in the immigration bureau
in this city. ~ -^_
THE BURDETTE RECEPTION*.
The Missouri-California Club — ?Mis
souri first by right of precedence — is
the latest organization in prospect.
It will have unique quartern — a large,
concrete- walled room under the floor
of the Palace of Agriculture, just
where the spaces of the two buildings
meet. A trap door, and a stairway
will lead into cool depths. Ice water
will be kept there. All the exhibiti
tors in the building will be eligible to
membership and the initiation fee will
be $50. It will be the coolest club in
St. LiOuis in the summer time. The
floor is high' toward the front of the
building, which will permit of the
concrete room being constructed.
Among prominent Californians here
during the week were ex-Senator Guy
C. Earle of Oakland; Captain J. W.
Smith, grain merchant, of 'Stockton;
Dr. J. E. Cowles of Los Angeles; Mrs.
Sumner Hunt, a prominent clubwoman
of Los Angeles; Dr. Roscoe Thomas of
Pasadena: Dr.'G. A. Hare and family
of Fresno; James B. Boah and wife and
G. W. Baird, a real estate dealer of
Lob Angeles; Alpha Adams, a banker
of Oxnard; H. R.' Lipman, dried fruit
dealer of San Francisco, and Judge E.
M. Gibson of Oakland.
Union labor certainly has the upper
hand at the fair, but it is also pretty
certain that the great masses of labor
union men will not uphold the meth
ods employed here.
NEW CLUB ORGANIZED.
job. He was discharged and a strike
followed. The contractor had to take
him and all his men back and make
an agreement that they would keep
them all, no matter how lone the
work lasted.
John E. Lamb (owner) with Currle & Currle
(contractor*), architect. Charles J. Rousseau-
All work for a two-etory barn on rear of lot
60x122:6 715 Rhotwell street: $1748.
George Stolte (owner) with K. C. . Gardner
and Morris (contractors), architect . All
¦work for a five-room and basement fram»
building on W line "of Third avenue, '275 N of
Point Lobo* avenue, N 25, W 120, 8 25. ;
$1700. " .
Mrs A. D. Tourtlllotte (owner) with W. H.
Wlckersham (contractor), architect* Newsom
& Newsom — All work for a two-story and
basement frame building on S lino of Union
street, 143 W of Devlsadero, 25 by 137:6;
$0800. - 'jMSfw
John F. Wltzel (owner) with Fred Miller
(contractor), architects. H. Gcllfuns & fion —
Alterations and ' additions to make a three
story frame building on SW corner of Butter
and Rroderlek streets. W 30 by S 82:6: $31fi3.
J Frank Ball (owner) with Joseph King
(contractor), architect -. All work for a
two-story frame building (store and flats) on
S line, of Clement street. 57:6 W of Fifth ave
nue- W 25 by S 100, Outside Lands block 186;
$3750.
Pauline Ells* Huebner (owner) with Arthur
E. Johnson and Jame* Vint (contractors), ar
chitect, E. W. Hyde — All work for a two
story and basement frame dwelling on E line
of Twelfth avenue, 225 N of California street.
N 25 by E 120; $2800. * -
Robert Dalzlel (owner) -with George Good
man Artificial Stone Company (contractors),"
architect A. M. -Mllwaln— Excavating, bulk
heading, artificial stone basement, floor and
•sidewalks and concrete foundation* for a slx-
Btory brick building on NW line of Mission
street. 68 NE of New Anthony. — 45 NW
100 NE 23. NW 87:6. SW 45. SE 60. SW 1,
SE'23:9 SW 22. SE 103:9; $6535.
William W. and Ida E. WhltB to Edward
and Hanna Stone, lot on E line of Moultrl*
Btreet. 125 N of Old Hickory, N 25 by E 75;
lot 177. Gift Map 2: $10.
Julius C. Rels to II. R. C. Greemvade, lot
15. block 25. Rela Tract: grant.
Mary Smith to Mary E. F. Roche, lot on
S line of Twelfth avenue, 200 E of P street,
K CO br S 100; block 250, O'N. and II. Tract;
gift.
Same to Dorothy Roche, lot on NE line of
Seventeenth avenue. 25 SB of K street, SE
60 by NE 100: block 327, South San Francisco
Homestead; gift. XV- •-.'••.-
Builders' Contracts. !
John Rosenfeld Sons to Albert Plssi*. lot
on NW corner of Merchant and Montgomery
streets. N 38:6. W 63:». N 30. W 65:0, S
10:9. W 8, S 4S:0, E 137:6; $10.
Mary Roche to John V. B. \Perry, lot on W
line of Taylor street, 52 S of Pacific, S 20
by W 92; $10.
William R. and Lucy S. Bacon to Bwett
Company (corporation), lot 0:1 SE line of Jessie
street. 200 SW of Fourth. BW 25 by SE 70; $10.
James and Sirah Smith to Simon Kafka,
let en SE line of Tehaira etreet. 100 NE of
Sixth. NE 25 by SE M); $10.
J. I». and May Hannah to Joseph Baer, lot
oil S corner of Harrison and Oak Grove streets.
BW 6« by SE 100; ?10.
Floride Wllcoxon to John Golohlch, lot on
K line cf Kansas street, 75 S of Nineteenth,
S 25 by E UK); $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Ernestine Gens
ter lot on W line of Eleventh avenue, 250 S
of I street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
City and Countv of San FrancUco to Minora
E. or Minora S. Klbbe. lot on SW corner of
Forty-first avenue and R street. W SO. S 100,
W 1KI 8 150 W 120, S 30:0. SE 240:6, N
2t»C:S; $ .
Vinccnzo and Giuseppe D. Piazza to Fllllppo
Piazza, lot on W line of Manchester street,
700 N of Rlpley, or 350 N of Stoneman, N
25 by W SO. Preclta Valley 121; $10.
Angelina M. and John K. Mlllerlck to John
G Beckert lot on E line of San Jose avenue,
212 N of Brook street. N 37. E 113, 8 37, .W
ll«;«. Precita Valley 397; $10.
S. Ducas Company (corporation) to Jr.mes
E Abrams. lot on N line of Bessie street.
105 W of Folsom, W 28, N 57.72, SE 28. C4, S
r.l.CO. lot 20. Duca* Tract, Precita Valley 111
to 118; $10.
Julius C. Rel* to John Olsen, lot* 32 and 33,
block 30. Rel* Tract; crant.
Estate of Ludwlg Altschul by Richard Alt
schul, executor, to J. H. Bloom, lot on NE
corner of Hamoshlre and Serpentine streets,
N 96 by E 6fi. S 55. SW 77:10; $875.
Mary P. MacCrclllsh to Stephen Mariana,
lot cm S line of Twenty-ninth *treet 223:1 »i
W of Mission. W 25 by S 125:%. NW 29:3Tb,
5 30:5-4. SW 1. SE 43:1, NE 27, N 140:4*4:
$10.
William O. Scott to William Nlcol. lota
9r>0 and 1074. Gift Mao 2; lot 537, Gift Map
1: $1.
Garden Tract Homestead Association by
Robert ABh. trustee, to E. M. Galvin, lot on
NW linn of Carr street, 75 NE of Salinas
avenue, NE 50 by NW 100; lots 4 and 5, block
2. Garden Tract Homestead; $1.
Julius C. Rels to T. R. Peter*, lot* 25 to
2S. block 26. Rels Tract; crant.
Samp to Cathe A. Frederick*, lota 4 and 6.
block 10. «ame; grant.
Same to Jospph and Eda M. Federleln, lots
6 and 7 block 1«. 8am*>; gTant.
Same' to Eda M. Federleln, lot 3, block 18.
same; erant.
Wllhelmlne Fofee to Harry E. and L!z»ie
M. Anderson, lot on N line of Twenty-third
street. 50 E of Bartlett. E 25 by N 60; $10.
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to O.
M. Colburn. lot on W ltne of Diamond street,
SS N of Twenty-second. N 25 by W 115; $10.
Same to Joseph Dold, lot on B line of Do
lores street, 210 S of Twenty-fifth, S 60 by E
125; 51S50.
lot on NE corner of Castro and Henry streets,
N SO by E 100. and property out of county;
cift.
HAMBURG — Arrived June 2 — Stmr Patricia,
from New York via Plymouth and Cherbourg.
BOULOGNE— Arrived June 2— Stmr Ryn
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam, and pro-*
cceded.
LIVERPOOL. — Sailed June 2 — Stmr Bavarian,
for Montreal, via Movllle; stmr Cymric, for
Boston, via Queenntov.-n; stmr South wark, for
Montreal, via Movllle; stmr Cymric, for Bos
ton, via Queenstown.
Arrived June 2 — Stmr Merlon, from Phila
delphia, via Queanstown.
OCEAN STEAMER?
DOMESTIC PORTS
ABERDEEN — Arrived June 2 — Schr San Bu
enaventura, hence May 19; stmr Newburg,
hence May 30.
Sailed June 2 — Stmrs Centralla and G. C.
Lindauer. for San Francisco. >
SEATTLE — Sailed Juna 2— Stmr Olyropia,
for Nome.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Sailed June 2— Stmr Valencia,
for San Francisco.
Arrived June 2— U S stmr MacArthur, from
Seattle.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, June 2.
Stmr Maggrle, Coming, 4 hours from Half
moon T?a;\
Br bark Auldslrth, McConnell. 60 days from
Caleta Bucna.
Late Skipping Intelligence.
The interlocutory decree of divorce
granted Henrietta D. Lawyer from
Henry M. Lawyer last November was
set aside by Judge Murasky yesterday,
the Lawyers having become recon
ciled. /
Judge Hebbard has refused to grant
Dina Smith a divorce from Andrew
Smith. She did not prove her charge
that her husband was so parsimonious
that it was impossible for her to live
with him. :'S ¦¦':
Suits for divorce were filed by Dor
othy A. Osmun against Dr. W. F. H.
Osmun for desertion, Pauline Rogers
against Hugh W. Rogers for cruelty.
Octavie Perrochet against Charles
Perrochet for neglect and desertion,
Mary Ellingsen against Peter Elling
sen for neglect, Benjamin F. Jackson
against Katherlne Jackson for deser
tion. Edna F. Linde against Harry B.
Linde for neglect and Pauline Rogers
from Hugh W. Rogers for cruelty.
Mrs. Rogers says that her husband,
though possessed of means, allows her
but 25 cents a day to conduct their
house on. They live at 1219 Fell
street.
Judge Sloss gave W. H. Russell a di
vorce from Clara B. Russell for de
sertion, and Judge Murasky granted a
divorce to Marie J. Iverson from An
drew G. Iverson fbr cruelty. Judge
Graham granted divorces to E. D.
Cunningham from Maud Cunningham
for desertion and Annie C. Patterson
from Ashbel Patterson for Intemper
ance. Judge Troutt gave Rudolph
Schottler a divorce from Annie Schott
ler for desertion.
Katherine Ellery was granted a di
vorce from G. W. Ellery by Judge
Kerrigan yesterday for cruelty. He
abused her and threatened to kill her.
Judge Kerrigan also granted divorces
to Thomas F. Richardson from Hen
rietta Richardson for cruelty and Mary
R. Smigel from Stanley Smigel for
neglect and cruelty.
Katherlne Ellery Is Freed From G. W.
Ellcry by Judge Kerrigan-
Other Divorces.
GETS DIVORCE FROM MAX
WHO THREATENED HER LIFE
NEW YORK, June 2. — A special
from Mineola, Long: Island, says: "A
woman about 40 years of age, t dressed
in black, with a black veil over her
face, entered the Surrogate's 'court
this afternoon and asked to see Surro
gate Robert Seabury. Chief Clerk
: Downing said the Surrogate was on
I the bench, and asked the nature of her
business. She replied that she wished
to see the Surrogate regarding her
claim against the estate of William C.
i Whitney, former Secretary of the
¦ Navy.
"I am Mr. Whitney's widow," she
declared, "arid I want to put in a
claim for a share of his estate, to
which I am entitled."
The woman declared she was mar
ried to Mr. Whitney on June 10, 1900,
at Plainfleld.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Asserts That the Marriage
Occurred at Plainfield in
June Four Years Ago
Union labor tactics of a sort that
certainly do not represent the better
principles of unionism and which must
be deprecated by all good American
citizens loving Justice and right, who
belong to labor organizations, are still
delaying the completion of the San
Francisco building. Sidney Newsom,
the architect, who has Just returned
to San Francisco, after watching the
progress of affairs for some time, said
before his departure that two men,
working conscientiously, could have
done in one day what tit ordinarily
took the seven staff workers employed
on the building a week to accomplish.
This, he declared, was no exaggeration
and the oace'at which the men were
going at the time bore out his re
marks. They are receiving eighty-five
cents an hour. It took two plumbers
two weeks toout in two bathtubs.
..The New'.York building is no nearer
done than San Francisco's. 'The fore
man : of ; the carpenters on this . struc
ture was accused, of ordering his men
to work slowly, so as to prolong the
There is but little California litera
ture at the California building, Los
Angeles and San Joaquin counties be
ing the only ones well represented in
that line. The book on California to be
published by the Commissioners with
money ¦ provided for that purpose by
the appropriation act hawnot yet made
its appearance.
LABOR TROUBLES ANXOY.
The State dairy and honey exhibits
are not competed. The County Com
missioners have nothing to do with
these. There is also said to be a State
cereal display somewhere, but it has
not made its appearance in any space.
Bundles of the neat little pamphlets
advertising the Knights Templar
Conclave in San Francisco In Septem
ber have made their appearance on the
counter of the California building and
are being read with interest by all the
Eastern visitors who get hold of them.
The low railroad rates offered will
cause many to take a trip to California
who have, heretofore been unable to do
so. ; .
While Filcher is hurling himself into
the thick of the . fray Commissioner
Wiggins is sidestepping * everything
that looks like trouble and holding
forth to visitors in the California build-
Ing on the beauties of Los Angeles cli
mate in the summer time. Wiggins
has entire confidence in the ability of
Aubury and Filcher to put the remain-
Ing touches on the mineral exhibit. It
is now about ready and while It will
be surpassed by those of some other
States that made mining their central
feature it will be 'very handsome and
contain a variety of gold quartz and
other minerals that will hold the at
tention of practical mining men. The
stained oak cases that form the in
closure do not compare at all favora
bly, however, with the more elegant
ones used by Colorado in the next
space. The latter are made of a native
hardwood, polished till it glows red.
and the finest of French plateglass,
beveled, through the translucent sur
face, of which the gold-seamed quartz
shows in its complete richness.
The ends of the -plainer looking Cali
fornia cases are of common glass and
the plate on the sides does not seem of
the best. % The Colorado cases cost less
money than those used by California,
bids for their construction having been
invited.
EXHIBITS NOT COMPLETE.
WIGGINS LOVES PEACE.
When Aubury and Greenj read this
remark, the lapldolite tower and the
Imitation dome of the State capital
¦will vibrate from mere proximity to
them.
Matters may have been patched up
for the period of the fair, . but the
echoes of this embroilment will be
heard in California while the Palace
erf Mines and Metallurgy Is furnishing
kindling for the housewives of St.
Louis. Filcher's letter is destined to
become historic. Aubury is not the
only one who Is hopping around hold
ing his corns. Colonel Green at Sacra
mento is twice as mad as the most
irascible hornet that ever had his an
cestral castle attacked. He acknowl
edges that Sacramento .was behind, but
then he was sick In bed for three weeks
after he reached here, there was
trouble about adjusting space among
the counties in his association and the
plans of the Sacramento central struc
ture had to be changed.
FJlcher seems actually surprised that
he has created such a commotion.
"Why," he said, "when I heard of the
row Aubury and Green were making
over my letter to the home paper I
looked it up again to see if I really
had written anything. I was surprised
when I read it in print to find I had
been so mild."
CALL BUREAU, WORLD'S FAIR,
ST. LOUIS, June 2.— Following his lit
erary night in the columns of the Au
burn Herald, in which he toasted the
State Mineralogist and some of the
County Commissioners for alleged
backwardness in installing exhibits.
Commissioner Filcher has peeled off
his coat and himself sailed into the
thick of the dust and noise surround-,
ing the softly shaded lapidolite column
that marks the center at California's
mining display.
Lewis E. . Aubury, State Mineralo
gist, who felt that he had received
the most severe wounds from the bolt
of criticism turned loose by the State
Commissioner and whose wrath at
what he • termed an uncalled for at
tack brought about a sulphurous ver
bal encounter between the two, is car
rying on business within the same in
closure. He keeps his coat'on. No rem
nants of a paleozoic age are hurtling
through the air and one would think
the entente cordiale had been estab
lished between the two.
TRUCE IS DECLARED. ,
BY PAUL EDWARDS.
Structures Are Incomplete.
Chiefly Because of the
Difficulties With Labor
DELAY OF BUILDINGS
WOULD SHARE ESTATE
Mysterious: Woman Claims
She Is Widow of. Former
Secretary of the Navy
Peace llestpred Between Cal
ifornia Fair Commission
ers and the Mineralogist
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, June 2—4 p. m.
Bid-A.sk. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 10. 11 Justice }l 12
Alta 00 CS Kentuck 02 04
Andes 15 16 Keyea Grass.. — 100
Belcher 2S 30 Lady Wash .. — f«
Best & Belch. 1 40 1 50 Mexican 1 40 1 45
Bullion 10 11 Occidental -... 79 81
Caledonia ... 82 84 Ophir 5 12% 5 37»-i
Challenge Con 18 20 Overman 31 32
Chollar 18 18 Potosi 17 18
Confidence .. .1 00 1 10 Scorpion 15 17
Con C & Va.l 45 1 50 Savage 25 27
Con Imperial. 01 02 Peg Belcher ..10 11
Con NY (tt OSiSierra Nev . . 3« 37
Crown Point. Ill 18|Silver Hill . . f>0 53
East Sierra N 06 — St Louis 09 10
Eureka Con.. — 501 Syndicate 03 04
Exchequer . . 35 S6I Union Con . . 52 63
Gould & Cur. 25 271 Utah 15 16
Hale & Norc. 75 78! Yellow Jacket. 18 19
Julia 06 081 •
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.!
Colehan — 07IRay & OBrien 00 07
Esperanza ... 01 02 Ray Ton 11 —
Gold Anchor. — ."OIRescue 05 00
Gold M Con. 01 02iTon Belmont.. 67 «!)
Jim Butler . . 30 — Ton Cash Boy — 25
Lutky Tom.. 01 —Ton Ex ...102»4 —
MacNamara . 16 17 Ton Gold M. 12 13
Mizpah Ex .. 10 — |Ton Midway.. 37 38
Mont Ton..l 80 1 S2V^ITon of Nev..." 75 S 25
Paymaster .. OS O9|Ton N Star... 2S 30
Ray Exten ..11 — j
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. '.-''.
5C0 Andes 15| 400 Crown Point.. 18
tSGO Belcher .. 2i>| 2<)t> Exchequer ... 38
200 Bullion * 11| .-,00 Gould & Cur. 27
100 Caledonia ... S5 500 I'otosl 1*
100 Con C & Va.l 55 100 Savage 27
250 Con Imperial. 01 10O Sierra Nev .. 38
250 Con Imperial. 02| 100 Sierra Nev .. 13»
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta 07! IU0 Mexican ....147H
400 Keleher '. . 2'3\ 5<R) Overman 32
100 Belcher 2S| 100 Sierra Nev .. 33
300 Chollar 17| 100 Sierra Nev ¦.. 40
.V< Con C & Va.l 451 .'too Union Con .. M
200 Gould & Cur. 20| 200 Union Con .. 51
100 Gould & Cur. 27| 2tO Utah .....:... 15
300 Justice llJGuO Yellow Jacket. 19
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran-
Cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
. Morning Session.
1000 Brunswick .. ltilltiCO Paymaster ... 05
10C0 Esperanza ... 01| 2«:0 Hay Exten ..' 11
1000 Gold M Con. 0111100 Ten GoldM. 12
1000 MacNamara . 171
Afternoon Session. *
&00 MacNamara . 1712000 Ray & OBrien 0.">
700 Mont Ton ...1 *0| 6<0 Ton Belmont. . «8
200 Paymaster .. 06| 200 Ton Gold M. 13
600 Paymaster .. *0u| 100 Ton Midway.. 37
Continued From Pajje Fifteen.
WHITNEY HEIRS
FACE TROUBLE
COMMERCIAL NEWS
FILCHER TAME;
AUBURY MILD
• THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; JUNE 3. 1904.
14
RAILWAY TRAVEIi.
# Trains Inar* and are dn*
SAN FRANCISCO.
r»0H JUS I 1. 1904.
Frs>T Ditot
fToot of Market Street >
!•»*»« — MAIN LINE. - awVT
700a Vacarllle. Winter*. Ramaer- 7 SC»
74JOA Beoicla, 3atsan. Elmlrasnd Sacra-
mento 7-20s»
7.30a Vallejo. Sam. Citllstoirt. Ssnt*
Roi*. Martinez. Sao Rsmon 820P
7J0A JfKe*. LlTermore. Tracy. L«tUroi».
Stockton 7.20»
B4»ASb**M Expre**— (Via Unvls).
Wllllami (for HartlMt Sprln*«>.
TPtllowa. ?Kroto. Uetl Bluff.
¦' Portland. Tacoro*. S«»ttle 7-5C*
B COa DstIh. Woodland. Knlgbt* Lnndlcg.
Marynvllle. Oro»llle 750#
8-SOa Port Costs. Martinez. Ant'orh.
Crron. Truer, Stockton. New-
man, Los Dano*. Mondot*.
Armoos. Ilanford. VI a* 1 la.
Portrrrllle 4.20*
8-30A Ton Coat*. Latbrop. Mod en to,
Merced. Fresao. Goaben Junc-
tion. Hanford, Vttalla, Bskers-
fleld 4.50*
B-30A Xt'.rs. San Jo*e, LlTermore. Stock-
ton. (tMlltoa). lonu, Bitcrasnento,
Placprville. Marytrllle. Cblco.
Uod BlnlT 4.20s»
t-30A Oakdaie. Chlnme. .lameitown. Bo-
8 OCa Atlantic Exprr«s— Oc'len and Knit'. 1 120a
840a Richmond. Martinez and Way
Station* 650" 1
lOCCAThe Orerland Limited — Ogd«a.
Denrer. Omnlia. Chlcaga 8.20»
10 00a Vallejo.. 12.20*
10.00a Le* Anzele* Passenger — Port
Coau. Marttnea, Byroa, Tracy,
lAthrop. Stockton. Mareed.
Raymond. Fresno. Goaben Junc-
tion. Ilanfprd, Lemoore. VlsaUa,
Bakenflald. Lo* Angele* 7-20*
12X0M Hayward. Nllesand Way Stations. • 3-20»*
11 .OOP SacrsBMsto UlTer Steamer*.. t1103«>
3 30p Beatcla, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knlgbta Landing,
MaryiTHVe, OrortUe aod way
•tatloaa 1352*
SJCp Ba» ward. Slles aad Way Sutlom.. 760^
3.30P Fort Costa, Martinet. Byroa,
Tracy. Lsi&roo. M * d e s I ft,
Merced, Berenda, Fresno and
Wsy ButloDSbeyoad For* Coat* 12 K*
3-ouP Toeemlte Taller, »la Berenda and
Wswoa* I 80a
340p Marlines. Tracy. Stoektoa. Lodl... 10.20a
4.00P M»rilo«i.3.n Ramon. ValleJo.Nap*.
Csllatota. Santa ]{><»•, 9 20a
4 C0p lines, Tr*cy. Stw;ktoB. Lodt 4.20P
4J0PBayward. KOea. lrrtagtos, Saa J tS.SO*
_^ J«m. Ltrermore r. 1 f\ 1.50a
6 OOp The Owl Llalfted— Newman, Le*
Fuoi. Mendota, Freaso. Tnlare.
_„ Bakerstteld.U»Angales 8 80*
JCOp Port Cotia. Tracr. Btoc* tea 12 20w
t6-30*> Hayward. Rile* and Ban Jo»e 7.204
8.00P Hayward, K»e* and Saa Jo*e 9 50a
•¦OOPEaatem Expreaa— Oitilfn. Vtater.
Omaka, 6;. LonU. Chicago and
Kmc. Tla Port Coat*. tiaUua.
, Elmi.-s. DaTl*. Saersmeato, Col-
... f»x, Keno 828w
¦ .OOP Yallejo. daDy, except flnndsy.... I -, w. m
7-OOP Vallej6. Sanday onfr .....f 7H *
7 .OOP Klrtaraood. Baa Pablo, Port Costa,
_ Martinet and Way SUtloaa 1120*
7 CO Oregon * Caltfornl* Kzprea*— iac-
ramento. Mmry«*llle. Geddtag;
PoTUan4,Pufet Sound and Ka*v. 8-50*
8 OSp> Sec* Paaaeager— Port Caata, Sat-
iub. Klmlr*. Dsris. 8acr*mento,
Tmckee, Lake Tsnce. snd Wsy
Station* beyond Sacramento.... 7-50*
I.IOp Bsywsrd, KUe* and San Joie (Sun-
dayonly).. 11.50a
COAST LINE l.ttrra* wugt).
(Toot cf Market Street.)
7.45a Santa CruiEicnrsicmfSaodayonij) 8 10*
8.16a Hewsrk. Ceaterrllle. Ban Joae,
Felton. Boalder Cr**k, BU Basin.
Bull Crua aad Way Stations... 5 55»
T8-16a Alrirsdo. Newark, San Joae, Los
Oatos.Gleawuod. Felton, Bonlder
Creek, Big Baatn. Sant* Crni.... 8 10p
12.16p Hewark. Centerrtlle. San Jose.
' Mew Almaden. Loa O«u>«.Feitoo.
Boalder Crock. Santa Crus and
Principal Way Station* 1035a
4.1b> Rewark, Ban Joae, Lo* Gatos sad
way RMtloaa 18. S3*
4-IBp Wrlgbt, Felton. Boulder Creek snd
Santa Cruz, Saturday and Sandsy
. o°T t855*
C|AKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rxotn SAN /KA> CISCO. Foot of Market 81. (SilaO
— fj:15 »:00 n:-J0 a.m. 1.00 300 6.15 pa
from OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — ?»:(« a-M
19-M M-.OOaji. 12 00 2 00 4 00 p.m. "
COAST LINE (Broad ta.B*).
Uf~ ( mirJ and Towaien't Streets.)
' 8.10a San Jose and Way Stations 6Wi
t7. 00a 8*n Jose aad W«y Sutlona 6 40a>
t 7.15a Monterey and Saata Crus Eicnr-
•lon (Sunday only) 10 30f»
5 UOa Kew Almaden (Tues.. Frld.. only). 4-lO#
8 COa The Coaster— Stops only Sao Joae.
CUroy (connectloa for Dot. li-
ter), Pajara. Caatrarrllto (coa-
nectlo« to sad from Monterey
¦ad Pacific GroTe), Sallaa*. Saa
Anto, raw Robtea. Ssata Mar
garrta. Saa Lots obltpo. srlndpsj
atatloB* tiienee Surf (conaectloa
for Lotnpoc), vrlactpal atatlon*
these* Saata Barbara.?an Buena-
ventara. MontalTo. Osainl, Bnr-
'" '- M bank. Lo* Angele*.- 13 43*
• .COa Baa Joie, Tres Plaos, Capitol*.
8anuCras.PaclncOroTe,Salla*a,
San Lai* Ofcispo sad Fr!ac!pa:
Way Stations 4.10*
10-SCa San Jcte and Way Slatlona. 1.20P
11 -30a Santa Clara. San Jo*e, Lo* Gate*
and Way Stations 7.30m
1 JOp 8«a Jo« tad Wit Sutlom 8 38a
tl-OCpDel Moate Kzpreaa— Sant« Clam.
Baa Jo««. Del Monte, Monterey,
PsclSc Orere (connects at Santa
Clara, except Scndsy, for Sa&ta
Cms. Boatder Creek and Narrow
Gaage Point*) 12.15*
8-30p Pacific GroTe Way Pasaenser, Bar-
llnrsme, Saa J*o*e and Way Sta-
tlona, connect* at Otlror for Hoi-
Hat cr, Tre* Plao*. at Pajaro for
Capltola, Santa Craa at Cattro-
Tlile for S*J!na*. 10-454
4 30p Pan Jo#e sad Way Station* t800*
tS OQp Santa Clara. San Jo*e, Lo* Sales,
Wrlgbt ami prinelp*! Way sta-
_ __ Uo»* (*icept Snnd«y) t9 00*
iS-SSp 6a n Joae and Prlacl pajway E UtUas* "3 4A4
6 4*» Bas«et Eipr«*« — Bedwood. 8aa
Jose, Gl!roy,h;all3««,r**o RobLe*.
Ban Luis Oklspo, Santa Barbara.
Loa Aogele*. Denlar. Si Fm«
New Orleaa*. New York. Con-
nect* st Psjaro for Santa Cras
and at C**trortlli> for PacJtlc
GroreandWay Station* ;.«.
rf .15p Ban Mateo,Beresford,Be!mo»t.g*a ""*"
CarkM, Redwood. Fair Oak*.
K«ni» Park. P*l* Alto ti^W*
8S0p Baa Jeae sad Way Station*. ou.
8 OOp Palo Alto and Wsy StMloms io 1&*
1f.J0p8<rott>BaaFr*a«l»oo,Mnibne,B«r-
llngsiae, Saa Msteo. Bctoont,
Baa Carlo*. Redwood, Fair Oaka,
Uealo Park, aad Palo Alto...... a j«-
•113SP Uayaeld, Monawia View, Svoor"
1 Tale, Lawreace, Santa Cl*r» aad
B»a Jo»« _... it.4S»
A for Mornlag. P far Xtvanoom. ~~*
18«aday exoepted. t Sunday eakr.
a Satnrtiaj only. » Maaday onJy.
I Bton at all stations oa Snday.
sV~0aiy trains §t»pptag at Vaiead* 8c*e«ukbo«ms1
ar*«:I0AJI^ 7:00 a. », 7:19 A. M.. !1:»a- *, 3:»rJ_
t: 30 f.M. aad 8: 00 r. ». "*•
¦ TO SAN RAFAEL.
ROSS VALLEY,
HILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
Tla Sancalito Perry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD OAUOB.
Depart from San Francisco, week days, at
6:80, 7:10. 7:45. 8:30. »:15. 10:00. ll:0O a. m.
(11:40 a. m. Sausalito only). 12:20. 1:45, 3:15.
4:00. 4:35. 5:15 6:50. 6:25. 7:15. 9:00. 10:2l>.
11:35 p. in. Sundays and legal holidays, depart
at 7:10. 7:45. 8:30. »:1R. lO:0O. 11:00. ll:4O
a. ra.. 12:20. l:0O, 1:45, 2:30. 3:15, 4:00. 4:.V..
5:15, 5:50. 8:25. 7:15. 8:15, 9:00, 10:20. 11:55
p. m.
Arrive at San Francisco, week days. 8:17.
7:0O. 7:35, 8:15. 8:45. 9:S5. 10:20. 11:05 a. m..
12:05, 1:25. 2:50. »:35. J:20, 5:06. 5:40. 6:i«.
6:55, 7:55. 10:05. 11:20 p. rn. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45.
2:05. 8:50 p. in.
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:43 a. m.,
3 - 15 p. m., -5:15 p. m. (ex. Sat.). On Sundays
and leral holidays, at 7:45. 8:3O. 9:15. 10:0ft.
11:00. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20, 1:00, 1:45. 2:30. 7:15
and 8:15 p. m.
THROrGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way station*.
9:13 a. m.. Sundays only — For Point Reyes,
elc.
3:15 p. m., dally except Sunday — For Caza-
dero. etc.
5:15 p. m.. daily except Saturday and Sun-
day — For Point Reyes, etc.
7:15 p. m., Sundays only — For Point Reyes,
etc.
8'15 p. m.. Sundays only— For Cazadero. etc.
TU-TvET OFFICE— 626 Market st.
FERRT — Union Depot, foot of Market *t.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leare ' Tia tatialiU Ftrrr; Arrive
San Fraudsco Exit «f larktt St. j 8an Frai.eiacn
Week Sun- .'TSLm 6nu-
Days. d.ys. jfZfk&WK d »^- _Day<..
1 8 301 12:45 r« 8:«j;
1000* V* i^s3»>rri2»' 2:0opMJ:03»
10:66a 11:00 a \5^jSri^ 3:33r 3:33 r
1:46 p 12:20 p >E^§S^ **2 T .^IJ '
6:15 P 1:45 p \£jy 6:15 p 10:05 »
_ 4:35 p 8:50 p ...
•VuCrafity Car. " Taa»lr»b U ¦ill M'ty.
TICKET 4626~Map.k«t5t. (North Shore RailroadJ
Offices Jand Sacsauto Fkkry. Foot MiirSet it
AMERICAN GIRL'S (
ETIQUETTE. ¦ ¦
' By Jerome K. Jerome.
Witty, bright, keen and cutting,
but does he write true
or false?
1 SEE NEXT SUNDAY CALL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEA\ENT
OF THE .
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
ALLIANCE
ASSURANCE COMPANY
(Limited.*
OF LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1903, and for the
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $173,170 8?
Cash Market Value of. all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company... 575,750 CO
Cash In Banks 61.465 24
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1,750 00
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion • 83,865 Oa
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 100 CO
Rent* due and accrued - &00 00
' Total Assets $898.601 U
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $1,702 47
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 17,961 77
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $288,713 10;
reinsurance 60 per cent 149,336 54
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- \
nlng more than on* year, $157,-
01S 16; reinsurance pro rata 83,693 09
Due and to become due for Salaries,
Rent*, etc 4.079 «1
Due and to become due for Com-
missions and Brokerage 4.861 62
Rf-turn premiums and reinsurance
premiums 12.163 23
Total Liabilities $273,818 13
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premium* $382,703 53
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 20.673 SO
Received for Rents 13,278 50
Received from Home Office 5,660 36
Total Income $424,314 25
EXPENDITURES.
Nat amount paid for Fire Losses
(lnclndlns- $25,759 59, losses of
previous years) $171,697 41
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 97.717 64
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers clerks, etc... 15,673 84
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 6,393 76
AH other payments and expendi-
tures 123.993 93
Total Expenditures $415,476 57
Losses Incurred during the year... $181.19!) 43
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $39,001,450 $500,635 74
Net amount of Risks
expired during: the
year 28,630,022 887.47194
Net amount in force
December 31. 1903. ¦ 35.355,976 453.73126
ELIJAH R. KENNEDY. President.
Of and for Weed & Kennedy, Mgrs.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this
21st day of January. 1904.
F. FISHBECK. Notary Public.
C. F. MULLINS, Pacific Coast Manager,
416-418 California St.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
[l CALIFORNIA 1 1
H LIMITED TO CHICAGO I
B LEAVES DAILY 1.1
i at !):,*{() a. m , through ta 3 day*, I|
3 with diner and all trappings). H
B^^^^^^ 1
Other Santa Fa £ralnai
I^n*" 1 "'! for Stockton. Fresno. Bakersneld.
8 loop". m!J Merced, Hanford and Vlaalla. ~>
4 :00 p. rn. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
: *.'. . Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St. anfl
Ferry Depot. S. F. Also Ilia Broad-
way. Oakland. Oal. 87 South First St.
San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot oX Market Street.
SAN FBANCXSCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.;
12:35. 2:30, 3:40. 5:10. 5:50, 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7 :3O. 8:00. »:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6:30, 11:30 p. m.
SAN KAFAEL TO SAN FBANCISCO.
WKEK DAYS— 6:05. 6:50. 7:35. 7:50, »:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. t2:W, 3:40, 5:00, 5:20.
•i:2."i p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45
p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. m., 1:45.
3:40, 4:50. 5:00, 6:20, 6:25, 7:50 p. m. fEx-
cept Saturdays.
Leave J In Effect | Arrive
Ean Fran, f May 1, 1904. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. | days. | Days.
, 7:30a 7:45a 7:45a
7:S0a 8:00a 8:40a 8:4Oa
ft:00a 9:30a Ignaclo. 10:20a 10:20a
2:."»Op 2:U0p 6:00 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
7:25 p
8:45 p
7 :3O a 7 :30 a ~ 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00a 8:00a Novato. 10:2Oa 10:20a
2:30 p 0:30 s Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
D:10p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
7:30 a 7:30a| 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p| 8:45 p 7:25 p
Windsor.
7:30a 7:30 a Healdsburs. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle, 7:25 p 7:25 p
Cloverdale.
7:30*| 7:30 a| Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. |7:25p|7:25p
I I Wllllts. I I
7 :30 a| 7:30 a| Sherwood. | 7:25 pj 7:25 p
800 al 8:00 al Gurnevllle and |10:2Oa]10:20a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Camp Vacation. | 8:45 p| 6:20 p
"sTotTa! 8:00a S^a 8:40a
5:10p|»:30a Sonoma, B:0Op 6:20p
| 5:10 p Glfn Ellen. 8:45 p
¦7:.I0a| 7:30 a I 110:20 a"|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. 1 7:25 pj 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for Whlt3
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Burke's Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at Geyssrvllle for Skaggs
tiurtngs- at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boone-
ville and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs Kelseyville Carls-
had sprints. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
SDrlng*. Blue Lakes, Laurel' Dell Lake. Witter
Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's. Bucknells.
Sanhedrln Heights Hullvllle. Orr-s Hot
Sorlngs. Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens Hopkins, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg
WeJtport. usal: at Wllllts for Fort Bragg
Wrstport Sherwood, Cahto. Covelo. Layton-
vllle Cummins. Bell's Springs, Harris, Ol-
sens.' Dyer, Garberville, Pepperwood. t-cotla
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
WeeMy Call $1.00 Der Year
-•TORACB AXD WARE^°J^5?1~_
A^CILBERT&^ETOLt. Storare OCT.: • tor ?/ e '
racking, shipping warehouse. G. O. and > an
Nes*; office U70 j^rkf^J^g^ tel South .50.
A^EMPORTuiTitcrage & Van Co.: furniture,
hous-fcold coods stored, moved, shipped ..3-
731 Howard tu. pr. Third: pbop^Oant.m.
• FJ ERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. oN
>.Bce Post and Powell *ts.: tel. Prlv^ Ex. 5.L
CoTcKlIlN'sT Storage— Furniture and m-rchan-
atf. :«3 Goldon UatP «v(.; plione K*rt 1-ti.
GOLDEN West Storage: advance* rjade. S40
Minion et.; :e!. Hounrd ttiL F.lW^ZrttBMt.
PACIFIC Ptorrce snd Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 231*0 Fillrnore n.; rnone Jackson -SI.
KKK1NS Van »nd Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
ft.: lM. M»i;i 1S40. Fhlpp'ng «t cut rates.
fKWIM' MACHIM-:* AXO SX'PI'LIE*.-
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
ie cheapest ; second-hand all makes at any
p-iee- cil kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. U£I Market •«.. near Sixth.
>CEW HOME— Ste our new triple-feed ma-
chines:: slightly used; $10. $15. J20; *eccnd-
h«nd $3. $5 $8: »!¦ styles: guaranteed. N:w
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1031 Market »t.
tHEAPEET and best in America— The Weekly
Call l«i r-afs. »*nt to an >' address In the
rntteiT i-tstei. or I'a^iia one year for 81.
¦ TvpKURiTKns a>d icpruE*.!
AN rxceptlonaJly rood No. 2 Remington. No. ,1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 BO. Tne
Typewriting Exchange. S36 California *t.
iT FEW good typewriters at $30 each: get par-
ticulars cf L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
. comer) 1 st. - - ,
2P-HAND typewriter* eold. rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec Co.. 608 Market. ;
'.. ... IXGAL ADVUKTISLJMbMS.
IOTtCK — Otf.ce of Insurance CornmUsioner,
6an Francisco. Cal.. May 11. 19w4— Having
• tcertalned that the capital stock of th»
Union Surety and Guaranty Company Ua»
becom* Impaired, and that said company ha*
•become insolvent within the true Intent and ;
mear.lnr of the Insurance law* of the Stat*
tf California. I have this day revoked it*
certlflcate cf authority, previously gratitel.
ac provided In »ectlcn 600 cf the Poliucil
Code, *nd notice Is hereby given that s.'4d
corcjany is no longer authorized to traxfact
the bus1n«>« of insurance within thia Stite.
X. MYRON WOLF. Insurance Cominlagloner.
I NOTICE— I hereby .notify all creditors to pr<*-
#"-nt their h\Mf with'.n tfcree days of June 3.
¦T. lxiUGHAr.TY. 1353 Mlr.na *t.
i> 1 1 1IKKI.\G A.IW1 8TA^i£ R [^;
AT Melbourne Institute. Van Ness * MurKPt.
l» taught celebrated Melbourne system: only
'Melbourne In U S.; private: established 3
>»ary in S. F. Tel. Mint 26-.W from 1 to 5 p.m.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
• The following marriage licenses were !s6ued
J ef.erday :
Warren V. Clark. 37. Glencoe. and Elma A.
Ruih«>rford. 23 Kalamazoo. Mich.
Alexander B. Hill, 40. Peta!urr.a. and Ada
E. Fairbanks. Sb. Petaluma. •.'¦'-'§'•'<
J*rn« »t O Ile^ensburger. 47, 2S49 Clay Etreet,
¦aad «"lara B. Suttrruhite. 09. 14G7 O'Farrell st.
Harry D. Rosenberg. 28. 1C2S Webster street,
and Ella Cohn. 19. 1213 Webster street.
' Isadora Harris. 22. Vallejo. and Cecelia M.
Wilson. 28 427 Natoma street.
Nathan Price. 45. 227 Golden Gate avenue.
*jj<i Mary Michael. 39. 227 Golden Gate avenue.
William J. Blake, 21, city, and Daisy D.
Perry. 21. city.
• Jame* Bryce. 27, city, aad Mabel F. Sum-
rier. 2i'>. WI Mason street.
Rudolph H. Ring. 27. 2737 Howard street,
and Minna Fischer, IS. 954 Treat avenue.
Guernsey S. Brown. 21. Santa Barbara, and
Emma L. Lane. 21. £11 Guerrero street.
Karl Sohaetr. 30. 6'j Fourteenth Etreet. and
t>ora H«?*s 21, 2014 Stockton street.
William M. Purdy. 24. 2S2T sixteenth street.
Bad Belle T. Williams. 21. 13S2 Folsom street.
Rudolph F. Ohm, 22, city, and Emma Tur-
ner. 10. city.
AVthur «'. Primm. 2«. J4S8 Mirai street, and
Beatrice M. Ricotti, 21. 2C50 Jone» etreet.
• ~lmi^mA(}ES-DEATHr
. Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
1 Id' at either o". th<? publication offices and be
indorsed with the came and residence of per-
. «> ¦ - authorized to have the sa.tn« published.
Notice* restricted simply to the announcement
¦ cf th<> event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BORX.
f ALETZKE — In this city. May 26. 1904. to the
" . wife of Captain J. A. Saletzke. a daughter.
TRICOU— In this city. May 21. 1904. to the
wile of Harry A. Tricou. a daughter.
MARRIED.
BAILEY—CAMPBELL— In this city. May 24,
tl!«>4. by the Rev. O. A. Bernthal, John Allen
Bailey of Fallon. Nev., and Annie Campbell
of this city.
C1IULZ— SIEBRECHT— In this city. June 1.
UK*, by the Rev. G. A. Bemthal. Charles
August Scliulz and AlTlne Emille Slebrecht,
' both of this city, i .¦ ¦ / .
DIED.
Bacbeller. Webster Litziu*. Edward C.
• - Ojleman. Dani'l H. Lyon*. Denl*
Cull in. Henry A. Markle. Mildred
Gronin. Catherine A. McDunough, Mary
I,vmoro, Rafael G. Ray. Mellle S.
Druh*, Herman A. R»dllck, Sol B
" Gnearty Mrs, Annie Rennirk. George J.
Mall. Anrl» Roffn^r, Will E
¦ Harvey. Mary Prhofield. Robert
• Huff. Emma Simon. Henry
.. Jsm»fon. N<>rah TTiurnian, Lavina W.
K«"*ff. Lillian G. Turner. Elizabeth
.Krlly Thomas W<»th»*rn, Mrs. M.E.
Limner.. Chas. Wm. Wheeler, Anna
¦ BATCHELLER— In this rity, June 2. 1904,
Wrr>i»t»r Batcheller. ngrd 72 years.
t^Notice of funeral her»»aftfr. f
COLIJMAN— In this city. June 1. 1904 at the
' ret idence of his son, 1665 Oak street,' Daniel
' • II Colercan. dearly beloved husband of the
4s te Ellen Coleman. loving father of Edward
H.. Daniel G. and Joseph J. Coleman, and
•.the late William T. Coleman, and brother-in-
law of Major E. P. Enricht, a native of Ire-
.land. aged 71 years. A retired officer of the
i-an Francisco Police Department.
CT' Friends and acquaintances and brother
imerr.befs of the San Francisco Police Depart-
ment are respectfully united to attend the
funeral to-day (Friday), at 9:30 o'clock,
"from the residence of his son, Edward H.
.Colesian. 16t3 Oak street, thence to St.
iAgTi^B Church, where a requiem hi#rh mass
Will be celebrated :_r the repose of his soul
• ¦omrm-ncing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
tress Cemetery.
DIXrN— Ent«r«J into rest. In this city, June
S. 1904. at his residence. 13f>7 Pacific street
Her.ry A., dearly beloved father of Htnry
F., .Francis A. and Leon E. Oollln. Mm. E.
Etarpb Mrs. It, Norton and Mrs. M. E. Gor-
don, a native cf London, England, aged 84
CT Notice of funeral hereafter.
RONIN— In this city, June 1. 1904, Catherine
A., beloved wife of th- late Patr ck Cronin
and tiioth-r of T. B.. T. S., D. P. j. H ,nd
Katie A. Cronin and Mrs. M. C. 'Sulllvsn a
native of Ireland. (New Ycrk papers r.iei'e
vopy.J
CTThe funeral will take place «o-dav
• Friday*, at P:15 o'clock, from the residence
. "* her son. T. S Cronin. 7u9^ Tennessee
.street, thence to St. Terena's Church where
I a requiem high mats will be c<-|fbrated for
the repose of her soul commencing at 9 -So
o'clock. Interment private. Holy Cros* Cem-
eterj". .
EMORO— In Berkeley. c*l.. June 1 l»fu ..
h,.- rpsldence. 2K.J4 Telegraph avr'nue Ra-
tarl G.. beloved husband of Aurella B n*
tnoro. and father of Itafa«-I M. Aurelia. R
.Marie A. and Natoll C. and Merrlde* T De^
!»¦ a n*li\-e of Braril, aged 69 year* and
E7" Friend* and acquaintance* are resr>ect-
l.jlly invited U attend the funeral to-morrow
• .Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from St Jo««Dh'»
Church, at Acdfason ard St. Joseph ™rm.
to££Z lMnmrDt P riv *t«- Please omii
PRCIIE— In St. Helena. June 1. 1904 Herm.n
. A. beloved husband of Pauline Drohe ™nd
father of Mildred and Helen Druhe a native
:j' m o E : n h , m " CteC °' a * ed «
, £ 7 ' K , rjen<Jj ' * n<1 a<v i u aintances are respoct-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
.Frldaj). «t 2 o'clock, from the rwldnnV^
bis tfswr. Mrs. diaries Bredboff. 11^0 Eighth
• .*trm. Oakland. Interment private * nul
GHEARTY— In this city. June 1. 1J04 Mrs
ABnh Ghearty. beloved mother of thV lai*
Mrs. Marj- McDonough, and slsfer of the
late Marj' and Julia Kelly a native of
«:ounty Longford. Ireland, aged 71 vear* and
G months. (Brooklyn Eagle plea»e "copy )
f Frletids and acquaintances arc respect
fully invited to *ttend ihe funeral to-day
KENRY J. CALLACHEA CO.
' iSuccerson to Flarfnagan & Gallagher
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr
I U.VKRAL DIRECTORS AND EMBa'lMERS
20 Fifth et.. opposite Lincoln School '
_. Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
— '¦ Funersl Director* and Kmbalmers — -
Kormerty in Metropolitan Temple,
• NOW at «6« MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Fiu'-vt Equipments at Moderate rates.
/
James McGinn. M Henry Hansen. I
JAMES McGINM & CO.. I
Formerly With Mcfcinn Bros., I
Funeral Director* iind Embalmers I
214 Eddy rt.; TpI. South 676. I
(Friday), at S::!0 o'clock, from the residence
of her »on-in-law, Patrick McDonougn. 19
Walter street, thence to Mission Dolores
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her bouI.
oomrnonclnir, at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HA LI — In this city. June 2. 1004. Annie, be-
loved wife of Lafayette Hall, and sister of
John and Thomas Sheehan. and James W hlt-
ney and Edward O'Connor, a native of Bos-
ton, Mars., aged 42 years.
HARVEY— In this city. June 2. 1904. Mary
Harvey, mother of Jeremiah. Eugene and
John, l^uey Strodey. and William Battln, a
native of Ireland, aged 00 years 1 month and
1 days.
IC? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<!ratutday). at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 111 Welsh ttrect, thence to St.
ltose'« Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will bo celebrated lor the repose of her soul.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HUFF— In this city, June 2, 1!>V1. Emma, be-
loved wife of John Huff, a native of Oregon,
aged 30 years.
JAMESON— In this city, June 2. 39C4. Norah,
(•eloved wife of the late Joseph Jameson,
and mother of Charles. Florence and Mar-
caret Jameson, a native of Queenstown, Ire-
land, aired ;:s years.
CyRemainK at the parlors of James Mc-
Menomey & Son, 10o7 Misclon street. Notice
of funeral hereafter.
KEEFE— la Eecalie, Cal., % May 30, 1904, Lil-
lian Gertrude, beloved daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. D. J. Keefe. and sister of Mary S.,
»Jeorge B.. Daniel J. Jr. and Martha W.
Ktefe a native of San Francisco.
C^The funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at. 10 o'clock, from the residence of
lier carents, 1742 Union street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
KELLY— In the City and County Hospital.
June 2. 1904, Thomaa Kelly, a native of
Pennsylvania, aped 45 year*.
LINTNER— In thi* city. June 1 1904, at the
residence of his parents, 13S8 Sixteenth ave-
nu«. South San Francisco, Charles William
Llntner, dearly beloved husband of Emma
Llntner. loving father of Vertls Llntner, and
devoted son of Sebastian and Elizabeth
Llntner, a native of Chicago. 111., aged S3
year* 4 months and 16 days. A member of
fcouth Kan Francisco Lodge No. 45, Knights
of Pythias, and San Francieco Lodge No. 1
of National Association of Stationary En-
Clneers.
[CT Services will be held to-day (Fri-
day), at 2 o'clock, at Masonic Hall, Four-
teenth 6treet and Railroad avenue. South San
Francieco, under the auspice* of South San
Francisco Lodge No. 45. Knights of Pythias.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
LITZIUS— In this city, June 1, 1004, Edward
C. Lltrius. dearly beloved husband of Mame
Litzius. father of Gertie and Joe Litzlus. son
of Aug.' F. and the late Caroline Lltzius, and
brother of Aug. C, Louis F., William F.
and Charles H. Lltzius, and Mrs. A. Ham-
bley and Mr*. E. Hilton, a native of San
Francisco, aged 40 years a months and 9
days. A ' member of Electrical Workers'
Union No. 6. I. B. E. W.
m"Frlend« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, lo Freelon etreet. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
LYONS— In thi* city. June 1. 1904, Denis, be-
loved husband of Norah Lyons, father of
Cornelius Lyons, stepfather of Frank. George
I and Robert Connolly, son of John and Mar-
Karet Lyons, and brother of James, Corne-
lius, Annie. John, Jerry and the late Michael
and Norah Lyons, a native of Scartaglln,
County Kerry. Ireland, ascd 27 years.
E7"The funeral will take place to-day
• Friday), at b:'M o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 422 Natoma street, thence to St. Pat-
rick'* Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
¦ at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
MARKLE— In this city, June 2. 1004. Mildred,
beloved wife of Robert B. Markie, only daugh-
ter of Edwin and Nancy C. Ladner of Paso
Robles, and sister of Albert E. Ladner of
Redlands. a native of California, aced 24
years and 31 months.
Cu7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10- o'clock, from the chapel
of Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 19«» Mis-
sion street, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car-
riage.
MeDONOCGH— In this city. May 31. 1904,
Mary, dearly beloved wife of Patrick Mc-
Donoujrh, mother of Clinton and the late
CSertrude and James J. McDonough, daugh-
ter of Annie Ghesrty. and niece of the late
Mary and Julia Krlly, a native of Brooklyn,
N. Y.. aged 47 year* 3 months and 21 days.
(Brooklyn Eagle please copy.)
ITT^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 19 Walter street, thence to Mission'
l>olores Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cros6 Cemetery.
RAY— In this city. June 1, 1904. MclHe S.. be-
loved daughter of Henry H. and the late
Man' A. Ray. sister of Eugene and Henry
Ray. and loving niece of W. A. and Hallie
K. Milner, a native of Eureka. Cal., aged
19 years lo months and 21 days.
|C7Fiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
June 4 at 2 o'clock, from her late residence,
TZli) Devlsadcro etreet. Interment Red Bluff
Cal.
REDLICK— In Los Angeles, Cal., June 1, 1904.
Sol B. Redlick. dearly beloved son of Lud-
wig and Bertha Redlick. aged 40 years 9
months and 19 days.
IC7 1 Notice of funeral hereafter.
RENNIOK— In Marysville. Cal.. May 31, 1904,
George J.. dearly beloved husband of Mollie
J. P.ennlck, father of Sarah. Mollie. Irene
and Gladys Rennick. son of Mrs. S. J. and
the late G. J. R«>nnick. and brothT of
Floyd, Frank and Belle Rennlck. Mrs-. J. K.
Dietz. Mrs. N. P. Harvey and Mr». C.
Kemp, a native of Portland. Ore., aged 37
years 10 months and lti days. A member of.
Damon Lodge No. 2. K. of P., und Port-
land Tent No. 1. Knights of the Maccabees.
RVFFNER— In Stockton] Oal.. May 31, H«04,
suddenly. Will E. Rutfner, beloved husband
of Etta Keating Ruffner.
SCHOFIELD— In this city. June 2. 1904, Rob-
ert, son of the late Jacob and Annie Scho-
fii'ld, and brother of <J^crge Schofleld, a na-
tive of Pan Francisco, aged 21 year* 5
months and 24 daye. A member of th<» Jour-
neymen Horsefhoere' Union, Local No. 25.
SIMON— In this city. Juno '_•. 1904, Henry, be-
loved husband of Mathilda Simon, and father
of Eugene. Fred. May, Frieda, Josephine and
Cora Simon, a native of Germany, aged C2
yearn 2 months and C days.
; cyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
THURMAN— In tMi city. June 2. 1904. at her
residence., IS Elliot Park, off Steiner street,
between Geary and CFarreH, Lavlna Wlne-
fred Thurman 1 formerly Mrs. Captain Alex-
ander Dodge), dearly beloved wife of Edward
Wyatt Thurman. and dearly beloved mother
at Mrs. Cornelius G. Ohm Mrs. Charles L.
Shirley and Mrs. Charle* C. Rledy. a native
of Lochrea, County Gallway, Ireland, aged
73 years 1 month and 1 21 days. A member
of the Third Order of St. Francis. (New
York City and Portland, Ore., papers please
copy.)
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend a requiem man to-
morrow (Saturday), at 9 o'clock, at fit. Dom-
inic's Church, corner Steiner and Bush
streets, which will be read for the repose
of her Foul. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
TL'RNEB— In San Mateo, Cal.. Juno I, 1004
Elizabeth, beloved wife of Ed Turner, and
mother of Bcytie, Edna and Graci<? Turner, a
native of Louisiana, ag«>d 34 years 2 month*
and '.Ki days.
CI^Fripnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral from her
!kf rr-?id<?nre at Pan Mateo, to-day (Friday),
at 'I o'clock. i
WKTHERN— In Oakland, Cal., June 1 1904.
Mrs. Mary Elizabeth Western, widow of
Hetiry Weth«rn, and mother of Mrs. N. C.
Hood, a native of Maine, aged 62 years 8
months and 16 days.
WHEELER— In San Mateo. Ca!., June 2 1904
Anna, beloved wife of Alvln- H. Wheeler'
mother of Nina W. Wheeler, and sister of
Iyendrum, George. Fred, Willie. Harry. Al-
fn-d and K. Armptrons:. a native of County
Fermanagh. Ireland, sired 33 years.
JCTThB funerpl services will be held" to-
morrow (Saturday), at the chapel at Cypress
!-;iv.ii Cemetery on the arrival of the 12:23
p. m. train from Kan Mateo.IV heat and Other Grains.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Shows
no Improvement In point of demand, -but. de
sirable grades are not being pressed for sale.
The market shows steadiness in slightly lower
§ rices. Common are quoted at 4 #0^0; prime,
%@5%c; choice, C0«%c, and fancy, 7c.
PRUNES — Are still quiet. Advices from th«
coast Indicate, rather a more hopeful- tone,
but - the local market shows no Improvement.
Quotations range from 2%6$%c, according to
stradp. ; 'JIlL 1 'mpM'FTfr K'Ti_ 1 j ill.l'IIIHrBsjfriK;
- APRICOTS— Are quiet, but firm on the sta
DRIED FRUITS,
¦ COFFEE— Spot Rio. steady; No. 7 invoice,
(5 T 4c; mild, steady; Cordova, fl«4®I3c.
The market for coffee futures opened steady
at an advance of five points and closed fin*:,
net 104H5 points higher. Total . sales were
27,000 bags, Including: ¦ June at 5.05c; Sep
tember, S.S5®5.90c; December, 6.10®0.20c
March. C.40©0. 50c.
SUGAR— Steady;'. fair refining, 8 7-16c; t.en
trlfugal, 96 t»st, 3 15-16c; molasses sugar,
3 3-lCc. Refined,, firm. > . .
NEW TORK. June 2.— FLOUR— Receipts,
15.000 barrels; exports, 1300. Steady and un
chir.geil .
WHEAT — Receipts, 3000; spot. firm. No. 2
red, nominal elevator and $1.13% f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1.04^@>$1.05
f. o. b. afloat. Options displayed further
activity and ' strrnifth as a result . of con
tinued heavy rHins west, a rather bullish
Price Current report, general covering and a
higher corn market. Reaction occurred in the
last hour through realizing, but the market
clor-ed firm at a partial %c net advance.
July, 92 5-16<§W2%c, closed 02%c; September.
85%@85%c. closed 85%o; December, 84%@8Cc,
closer! at fi4%c. .
HOPS-^Quiet.
IIIDEHNAHD WOOL— Steady.
New York Grain and Produce.
Silver and. Sterling Exchange are slightly
higher. %
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight -— 4 87%
Sterling Exchange, cables... — 4 8sk
New York Exchange, sight — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver per ounce — 55%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45 @ —
Exchange and Bullion.
The Alaska Packers' Association will pay a
regular monthly dividend of $1 per share
June 13.
. The California-street Cable Railroad Com
pany will pay the usual monthly dividend of
75c per share June S.
The gross earnings of ths California North
western Railway for April. 1904. were $99,709.
an increase of $r>272 as compared with April.
1903. The net earnings were $3123. a decrease
of $8S9. For the ten months ending April SO.
1904, the- gross earnings were $1,110,114. an
increase of $53,718 as compared with th« cor
responding period last year, and the net earn
ings were $207,227. a decrease of $55,5C9.
STOCK AN*D BOXD EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. , June 2— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s or coup. .107 107% 4s qr cp new. 132 41.13%
4s qr ree...l06-108% 39 qr coup... 1C5»1 106 M
Dullness continues to preail on the local
Stock exchanges and the dally variations ar?
tbo few and narrow to call for especial com
ment. -*«*.- .-;
Tile San Francisco Stock Exchange has
voted to adjourn from the clo4# of business
Thursday, June 30. to Wednesday, July C
Resolutions of the same nature have been
posted on the bulletin boards of the California
Stock tnd Oil Exchange and Of the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange, to b*
acted Upon at the June- meetings of these two
boards. The general feeling: seems in favor of
the adjournment.-- .
Ex-dlvldend June 1: The Pacific Envelope
Company. $1 50 per share: California Cotton
Mills, *t per share, amounting to $12,000.
The Ophlr Mining Company has bee.n notified
of the Shipment of two more railroad carloads
of ore, making; a total of twenty carloads on
the way cr ' In process or sale. ~.
The Boards Will Probably Take a
Week's Vacation:
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MAEKET.
NEW TORK, June 2. — The cotton market
opened rather steady tc tone at a decline of
4$9 points and turned sensationally weak un
der liquidation that seemed to csme from prac
tically all sources, but which was believed to
originate chiefly with New Orleans. The close
was steady, 5 to 10 points up from the bot
tom, but at a net decline of SO to CO points.
New York Cotton Market.
Henry Clews f«js of peneral trade:
'Apart firm a considerable decrease !n
loans Ian »«-k «nd a small increase in sur
plus reserve. ;her* have been no developments
of a nature rnUlr h»!rful to the stock m»r
fcft. Th« most eat'.Etactory element in t*iat
r*rt!etilar fesiui-e »as thtt it reflected the
closing up of certain -yndtrate operations
which had ueccesarily tied up considerable
capita! for t lonx i-erlofl. One by one .these
•vrtficates are being wound up and more ar«
likely to follow- and tince the*e commitments
ha\e had much t» do trith the expansion of
leans It would caupe no surprise if there
chou:d be further contraction in that respect
in the future. - -
"Another rircurartsnee which points to *
contraction ot Joans i* the diminished ac
tivity of remra! bu?ine«s. It it idle to dis-
Sjuice thin fact. Dirtrlbutors report a lessoned
r.-ani in conrnminjr markets; manufacturers
are experiencing a falling off in orders; rall
rntids ar-r.ounc** frequent declines in earnings,
• nd bank clearings rrove that the reaction
which began in the East Is extending to the
WeM aud South. New enterprises have re
ceix-ed a very decided check, as demonstrated
by the fact that new incorporations during
the fin?t four months of thi« y<"»r wf-re scarce-,
ly one -third of those created in the same
I>erio<l of 1903 and 1902. The reasons for this
large shrinkage in new enterprise are: flrM.
the general recognition of business reaction;
frond that costs and wapes are often pro
hibitive; third, unsettled Tabor conditions, and
fourth, uncertainty about crops and the elec
tion.
AIJ'.KADY DISCOUNTED.
"There is no occasion, however, to be un
duly depressed by these developments. So far
as the ftock market is concerned, they have
been largely if not entirely, discounted, and
corrective influences are already at work which.
If allowed free r!a>\ will soon result In recu
peration and a fresh forward movement when
conditions become more settled and when prices
and v .-.£• ¦* reach a more normal level.
"'Much depends, of course, upon the crops.
fo far tn* outlook for corn. «»tion and epring
%-heat is favorable, although the season is gen
erally two week* late. Crop failure* this year
«ould be liisastrous; tut with a good average
harvest we are likely to witness reasonable
rc-covery n. xt autumn, preceded perhaps by a
further period of quiet and rest in business.
There Is no unsouridnes* in sight, and we are
?imply climbing down from the dizzy heigh'*
of the boom of 1902 to more natural and
more normal /conditions. Gold exports have
partially subsided for the present, owing to
better r*tes for money here and easier con
ditions abroad. . Tl.ere is also a good demand
for better class invtf tments. as vritnfssed by
the readiness with which the Cuban. Japanese
and other bond Issues hav« been taken up.
This is an excellent symptom, and would seem
to promise a better market for railroad shares
as soon as other conditions permit."
Internal Revenue Collections.
Trie collections of Internal Revenue in the
Pan FYancisco <1!«r!ci in May were as fol
lo«n: Lirts, J12.197 49; beer stamps. $«!.
078 50; fruit pptrits, H7.304 52: grain rptrits,
tSKMOCW: exports. tll« 10; ciirar* and ci?s.r
?>«*!! $2f>.382 »6; tobacco, $1,816 49; snuff,
f ¦.-: 23; epecial tax stamps. $1,701 S8; playing
' «r > »!¦¦. AC: total. (245.041 92.
In May. WQ. the collections were $198, &SS.
The total co!!ections from January 1 to May
81 were $1,232,067, aealnrt $1,001,003, during
the saxnc period in 1W3.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
CAN FRAKC1SOO. June 2— S p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
p^rature* for the previous day are reported
from Eastern cities:
Boston 81-4S.'New Orleans 8R-72
Cincinnati «6-60 Philadelphia 60-56
'Jacksonville 52-72 Washington C8-C0
Kansas C.ty 80-6C;.Vew Tork CO-54
THE COAST RECORD.
- _ _ _ _ _
k RSJtfr 29. 9C CO 48 N*W Rain
<'&r*cB 2».M 72 M W Clear .00
Eureka 30. 'M 60 56 NW Cloudy .22
Fresno 29. S3 88 54 NW Clear .00
P. E. Fnrallon.30.0S OX 60 NW Cloudy .03
KliSFtart 28.B0 74 26 N CIsat .00
Putatelio 29.76 « « ff Cloudy .2(J
?Itider>er.oenc« .S«.e6 V) «2 K Clear .00
.Los Angeles -.25.06 »4 58 NW Clear .00
»It. Tamalpais.30.07 C5 49 NW Clear .ill
Jo'orth Head ..30.14 56 62 W Clondy ..'56
Phoenix 29.64 »S es W pear .00
Pclnt Reyes ..30.00 67 65 NW Clear .00
• Portland .....30.12 CO 64 W Cloudy .34
Hf-d Bluff ...23.W5 S6 fio W Clear .00
Hnscburi? S0.22 C4 C6 W " Pt.Cldf .00
..2».'.»4 80 CS NW Clear .00
Fait Lake ...23.M) 58 52 S Pt.Cldy .20
Hai» Francisco. «0. 06 (J4 6C W Clear , .00
K. L. Obirpo..2S.S«6 76 T.2 W Clear .00
Ear. Diego ...**. 74 74 53 R Clear .00
Heattle 80.10 C2 C2 W Cloudy T.
fcl-okane 23.B2 «4 «S NW Pt.Cldy .28
"3'Etoosh 30.10 54 48 SW Cloudy .41
"Walla Wslla. .29.»>* 70 52 BK ruin .52
Winmrmucca ..29.S2 72 54 NW Clear T.
Yisma 29. .18 100 C8 SW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND OENERAIi
Th« pressure has fallen rapidly over Southern
. California and risen rapidly along the Oregon
coast. HIph northwest winds are bttiwing at
rta off Northern California.
The temperature has risen 18 degrees »et
Los Afieeles and from 10 to 12 degrees In th*
Escraiaento Va'iey and the eierras. At th«
ppme mctnent the temperatures at San Lul«
Obispo end Los Angeles were respectively 60
tnd 60 dcrrees.
The fcllowlns; high winds are reported:
Point Reyes, CS mlW. northwest; S. E.
Farallon, 18, northwest; Winaemucca 2s|
ncrthwest, and El Paso. 42, west.
Forecast ma«Se at S*an Francisco for thirty
bours ending tnlinlcht. June 3:
Northern Caiifornia — Fair, warmer Friday;
trisk ncrth winds.
Southern CalUomia — Fair Friday, continued
warm; brirk north winds.
Nevada— Fair, warmer Friday; brisk north
v.m winds
fian Francisco ar.d vicinity — Fair Friday,
warmer; light north winds, changing to west
erly. ¦ A. O. McADIE,
District Forecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin* ¦
STATIONS. §S35o 3 &*
OlovM-fiale «2 11 Clear T.
Coins* f2 61 .... Clear .00
Eureka 56 C6 KW Cloudy .22
, Kr«sno .........M' M NW - Clear .w)
Hanford- ....\ 05 C2 .... Clear .00
Hnlllnfr H2 68 W Clear .0(1
?"riep^ndenc* *K> «2 N - Clea? .00
Ain* Cltr -.-•»• KX f.7 W Clear .00
Llvermora .....J 77 f*8 Clear .00
Los Av.S'Ut HI OS NW Clear .00
New York. Stock Market.
NEW YORK. June 2.— Conditions (\ specu
lation in the stock market were unchanged
to-day. The only conspicuous price move
ments were in the specialties, mostly of th*
obycurer class. Some of the high gra<le stocks
were affected. The general market was inert
and the day's small trading did not alter
materially the level of prices. The news of
the day was not Important. The report of
the April earnings of the Pennsylvania was
a depressing factor and had tome special
effect on that stock. Wall street regard* with
equanimity the declining tendency in the cot
ton market, as promising a better adjustment
to the needs of the cotton industry. But so
sudden a drop as that of to-day and the
presumed speculative losses involved by the
throwing over of long holdings hv the un
covering of f top-loss orders had sf somewhat
disturbing effect on speculative sentiment.
Tlie news of grain crop progress was not feo
favorable -to-day an<1 unofficial estimates of
its condition were given rome attention. The
figures of the national bank circulation for
M2y were discussed. As pointed out by the
circular Issued by the National City Bank
the adlitlonal circulation taken out for the
month of $11,500,000 wag greater with one
exception than any month In three ' years.
At the same time the current redemption of
notes through the redemption fund in the
treasury was $20,OOO,WO. but $1,082,000 meas,
ured the retirement of notes by deposits of
lawful money. The heavy current redemptions
are a t-ymptom of the tendency of the cur
rency to congest in the reserve centers, the
bank notes included In this movement finding
their way quickly Into the treanyry and so
back to their issue source. But the small
retirement of outstanding notes effected and
the large additional Circulation taken out is
the result of the profit on circulation by
reason of the fall In Government bonds on
account of the large amount released by the
Government in the withdrawal of deposits
with national bank*. It Is feared that some
redundancy is • being injected into the . cir
culation by thef<? conditions, with the effect
of facilitating If not forcing th? outgo of
gold. The closing lone of the market was
rather irregular snd the day's changes were
again insignificant.
Bonds were Irregular. Total sales, par ralue,
$1,225,000.
United States 2s declined % per cent on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— Eales. High. Low. Clo*e.
Atchlson "... 3,200 6»W e,%% C8Ts
Atchison pfd 300 f>2% 02% 92
Baltimore A 0 3,200 78% 77% 78
Baltimore & O pfd. ..... 90%
Canadian Pac 300 117>i 117% 117%
Central of It. 1 163
Chesa A Ohio 2»%
Chicago ft Al 100 86% 30% 35%
Chicago & Al pfd.. 100 80% 80% 80%
Cht A G W COO 14 V 4 14% 14%
Chi & N W 100 1C8% 168% 16S*i
Chi M & 6t P 3,100 133% 130^4 139«,
Chi M A St P pfd 176%
Chi T & T 5%
Chi T & T pM 13%
C, C. C & Bt L 68 «
Colo South &00 14 13% 13%
Colo South 1st pfd 48%
Colo South 2d pfd. 100 19 IB 18<4
Del A Hudson 8,300 154 151 H 152
Del Lack & West. . 100 2C8% 266% 260
DftRO 200 19% 19'4 19%
D A R G pfd 67
Erie 800 23% 23% 23%
Erie 1st pfd 1.000 57 CC% 60%
Erie 2d pfd * 33%
Hock Valley ' 61
Hock Valley pfd... 200 79U 79 79
111 Central 300 129VI 128& 128%
Iowa C«ntral 15
Iowa Central pfd 82
Kan City South ... 300 19H 19 19
Kan CIt South pffl. 200 87% 36% 30%
Louis A Na«h .... 100 107 107 106H
Manhattan L 1,100 144% 144 143%
Metropolitan Becur. 200 '¦ 78% 78% 71
MKrop St Ry S00 110% 10!)% 109%
Mexican Central... 200 7% 7% 7%
Mlnne A St L 40
M. fit P A S St M. 100 01% 61% 61%
M, StP A SStM pfd »... 110
Missouri Pac .,...¦ 2,000 89% 88% 89
Mo Kan A Tex.... 700 15% 16% 16%
Mo Kan A Tex pfd. ...... 33
N R R of Mex pfd 85%
N T Cent 600 118% 118% 114
Norfolk A West... ..... ..... .: 64
Norfolk A W«t pfd ...... 85
Ontario A West... 7,700 2S?% 22 22%'
Pennsylvania . . . i, 13,900 113% " 113% 114
PC C A Bt L.....1 ..;,..... 65
Readlryr 4,900 44% 43% 44%
Reading 1st rfd ....'• 77*
Reeding 2d pfd 61%
Flock Island Co ... 1,000 20% 20<i 2OU
Rock Island Co pfd fittj 63% es% 63 U
Bt L A S F 2d pfd. .200.43% 43 42%
St L 8 W 400 10% 10% 10
Bt L S W pfd .... 1,600 28 27% -JH '
South Pacific ..... 400 45% 45 45.
South Railway ... 1,100 lfe% 19% iw.
South Railway pfd 100 S2% 82%. 82U
Tex ft Pacific .... 700 20% ' 20 20
To Pt L A W 100 23 23 ' 22%
To fit L A W pfd. so
Union Pacific tt.000 -. 83% 82% 82%
Union Pacific pfd.. "...,. m
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala AW Cs.101 — Oak T Co ««119H —
Bay CPC 5s.lOO?4!02 Do 6a 110V13
Cal C O 5S.100 106 Do con C«. — 102
Cal U * B g Oceanic 3 6s. CB —
m * ct 6s. 84% 8S Oni Cable Vs. — 1_'.:'i
Cal-st C Ss.113 — pac O Im 4». OlU or,
C C Wat 5s. — 101 P^C Ry 6s.l04%105
JTd L & P 6sl23 125 P ft C H »s.io« —
F & C H es.114% — P A O R 6s.ll6 ."— ¦
Geary -#t 6s.. — 63 Powell -nt ««. «¦ 114
H.CAS 6H»1W — Sac EGARSs..W 1 i 98
Do 5s 96 97% SF & SJV5a.ll6%.—
Hon R T 6s.lO3 — Sierra R 6».. — I1214
L A Elee 6s. — 108 S P of A 6s .
L A Ry 69. 111% — (1909) IM 1C8%.
L A L Co 6s — — (1910) .109 —
Do *t<t 6s. — — S P of C 8*
Do gtd 6s.l02%106 <J905)Sr A.J02 —
LAP lem 5s.l01 — (1005)Sr B.102H — ,
Mkt-st C Cs. — 119H (19««) 1P4% —
Do lcm 6*.1HH — (1»12) J13 11«
MVft MtT5».101% — 8PO 1 eg is.iXO — S
NRR of C6S.106ti _ p o ,stmpd..lrtT^lf)«'4
Do 5s 116%11T 8 P B R «B-131% —
>I P C R 6*.1O4 — 8 V Wat «9. — 105
N C .Ry 6s.H0 — Do *s 2dm. — 99
N C P C 5s. 07 — Do 4s Sdrti. — 9t»
If B R R 5s. 92% — |Stkn G&E«s. — 101
O O L*H 5».1O7 — U G ft E 5*. — —
O W gtd 5s. — — I
.Water stocks.
Cfentra Costa — 46 IPdrt Costa... — —
Marih Co... — W |g V Wat Coi 87% 3SU
QA3 AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 3% 4 '3 F O A E. 60 61
Mutual E L. I214 13 IStka O A E. B —
Pac L Co... 66% — |u O ft B Co. - '— „•>;
INSURANCE. . - ': ', '. 1 '
Firem'o Fnd.SCO S40 I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l25 13O |L P A A.. ..150 180
Anrfo-Cal .. 83% S«%'Mer Trtttt.... r? 220
Bank of Cal. — 435 (Mereh Ex.... 60 —
Cal Safe Pp.143 147%'S V NatlonL — ' —
First Nationl — — *
SAVINGS BANK3.
Ger 8 A L.22S0 2350 | Sav A L So. — 100
Hum SAL. — — ISec Sav Blc. — 450
Mutual Sav.100 — Union T Co.. — —
8 F SaV U.625 — |
STREET PAILROADS.
Califorhia .. — 200 (Presidio 8»H —
Geary — 60 ]
POWDER.
Giant 60% 81 iVUorlt 4% 5
' ¦ SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — . 50c jKilanea S C. — ' 4
Hawaiian C. *9% 60 IMakawell C. 21% 22
Honokaa S C 12 . 12%jOnomea S C. 21 27ti
Hutch 3 P C 8H 9 [Paauhau 3 C. 13% 14Vi
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.133 140 I Oceanic S Co. ? 4H
Cal F C A. — 100 |Pac Avtx FA. 5 . 6'
Cal Wine A. — 90% | Pac C Borx.lU 170
MVA MtTm.lCO — j
Morning Session.
Board—
5 Bank of California i... .427 60
25 Mukawell 21 75
$3,000 Bay Counties Power Co OS....101 OO
Afternoon Session.
Board — jv;'
45 Giant Powder Con 60 50
C<> Oceanic S S Co 4 50
$2,000 N P C R R 5 per cent 104. «M»
Street —
$3,000 Bay Counties Powtr O> 6s.... 101 0O
$1,000 8 F A S J V 6 per cent 118 75
$5v0C0 S Fist Cal con 6s (atmpd). b 2.10S 00
$3,000 United States 3s (coupon).... 1(W 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. A sic.
Bay CPC 6s. 98 — S P C R 4s. — 100
B L Wat 6s.ll3 — S P Co 4%s.. 93% —
Cal NW 5».. — 112 Sun Tel 6s.. 113 —
M C Wat Ss.lOO — Do 6s — 103
Ris I WksSa — 107»i Sut:r-st RSi.K.1 111
SF Drdk 5s — 113%|UR of SF 4s. 7S% 73
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — SO Mat Nav Co. — 90
Cal Cot Mils SO 87 N, v Nat Bk. — SuO
Caj-G*EUor. — 4.H N 8 R R 'Co. »'i —
Cal Powder.. — ISO IN Cal P Co. 1«», 11
Cal Ship Co. 21 XI '(tak i:k Hav.1121, —
Cal T 1 t T.113 — Mtak T Cob.. » —
i Cen Bk. Oak — «S I<»iF HaU A - —
Chutes Co .. — "H Orpheum C? . •- tC'i
City A C Bk — 113 jr*a>-C Caa ': -0$ +J3\
Cyp L Imp.. 6H — |p»c * Ti IM I-N
Ha«t Dvira. — 2"rt r»mf l» . M 'WjQTfe
DpntPwd pfd — f"» jji r *ry t. •» —
Do com . . — b) Ifty**. ¦ if. 23 R<«
FN Bk n«k.i:i) — I- J \ - |.-;
: FUcher Thtr 4Hc — 'S<» * , • t !". —
Frnch-A Hk.l'-: — 1--1-.. v F-U.Wi —
Gas Con A.. — 23 I Tract ».'.- ¦ . — 13
Hor.o P Co.. 1* — 1l'K Iik: pfO. «H «*
LonA SF Bk — m ( Do con ... » —
California Stock and Oil Exchange
OH Stocks— Bid. Ask-.l.
Apollo 4K
Associated Trust Cortl3cat«*. 19 20
California Standard 13 ....
Caribou 4 f O
Central Point Con 62 «r»
Chicago Crude 41
Claremont 64 ft.'
Four «3 70
Fulton 1 3 T3
Giant 13
Hanford 192 00 104 On
Home 1 30 1 B5
Imperial 18 00
Independence 23
Junction 11 12
Kern 4 75
Kern River 10 00
Lion 01
Monarch (of Arizona) *>
Monte Crtsto ;• •*•• W
Occidental of W Va ' U
Oil City Petroleum 53 69
Peerless ....i 14 OO
Plttsburg 13
Reed Crude 1 50 .'...
8<mator «3 «3
Sovereign 39
Sterling -• 2 «0
Superior 03
Thirty-threw 8 23
Toltec 21
Twenty-tlsht 8 00
Associated Bonds T90O
Wabash - 41
Monarch Pool » S«
Miscellaneous —
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 8 60 ....
Fischer's Theater .".. 73 SO
Northern Cal Power 10 73 ....
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
1C0O Junction 13
1(m> Caribou 4 3"
100 Caribou » 4 30
Afternoon Session.
Board —
2CO Ncrtherii California Power, b 3. . 11 OO
: 60 Northern Calif mrnlw Powr 11 CO
10OO Senator ....' 63.
500 Junction J. 11
2000 Independence 2S
100 Fischer's I.. 75
Street—
BOO Caribou 4 30
1000 Junction : 13
Mining Stocks.
/ —
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
ICO Alta ...V.... 07 100 Ophlr B 80
6C0 Andes 13 JOO Ophlr B 82^
400 Belcher 80 200 Overman 33
700 Caledonia ... M 70O Potosl 13
300 Crown Point. IS 300 Unlofl Con — 87
200 Exchequer .. 881
Afternoon Session.
400 Andes 13 2CO Mexican ......143
200 Belcher 23 100 Ophlr 5 87^j
2»1O Bullion ....'.. 11 10O Savage 28
2CO Challenge Con 19| 100 Scorpion 17
100 Chollar 17} 30* UnJon . Con .. 51
400 Con C A Va.l 30l 400 Utah lrt
100 Exchequer . . 3B 300 Utah ..... . . . . 13
300 Justice 12f 70O Yellow Jacket. 19
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following wer» the sales on th« Paclfio
Receipts of Btrawberrles are falling off dally,
as the first crop of all varieties la becoming
1 exhausted and the second crop has nut yet
commenced to coma forward freely. The rul
ing prices for the Mallnda Variety yesterday
were $3@3 50 per chest and the other large va
rieties were firmer at $3 5004. The canners
were still In the market for Mallndas at the
minimum rate but secured very few. Receipts
of other berries were well up to trade require
ments and prices were generally easier. Sup
plies of early deciduous fruits, particularly
Cherries, .were: far In excess of the demand
and the market was consequently Weaker for
alt' kinds. Receipts of Cherries were ¦ some
where In the neighborhood- of 3D00 packages
and Included large, lines of loose stock, which
was much weaker, despite liberal purchases by
the Catrners. who were paying 2®3%c for com
mon white, 6®5%c for Royal Anne and 3©3%c
for black. Apricots In baskets appeared from
the Sacramento River. A consignment of 7
baskets came in and sold at $1 25 per basket.
Cantaloupes from CoAChella . sold at $3 per
crate of 16 melons, and Watermelons from, the
same region were offering at 75c each. Six
crates of the latter were received, each crata
containing 6 melons.
Oranges ¦ were rather dull and Navels were
quoted . lower. The other Citrus fruits as well
as tropical fruits, were ' without quotable
variance.-
STRAWBERRIES— $5©« per chest for Long
worths and $2&4 for the larger varieties.
, LOGANBERRIES— $4®5 per chest and 83o
per crate. ' * • .
BLACKBERRIES— $4®3 per chest and —
P *RASPBERRIES— $1 23®1' 80 per crate and
7C@90c per drawer.
GOOSEBERRIES— l®2c per-lb for common
and 4@5o for the Oregon Improved.
CURRAJ«JT3— 25@40d per drawer.
' CHERRIES— Black, 85©5(K; per drftw*r. And
3@5%c per lb in bulk; V> hite, 25®40c per
drawer and 2@4c per lb In bulk; Royal Anne,
60066c per'drawer and 6@6c per lb In bulk.
APRICOTS— $1®1 60 per box or crate.
APPLES— $1 60©2 23 per box for old crop
and 2S®50c for new green.:
FIGS— $1 26$M 50 per box.
CITRUS FRUIT8— Navel Oranges.. $2 25@2 75
f 6r fancy, $1 &0®'i 50 for choice and 90cS$l 50
for standard! Seedlings. $1 25; Valenclas, $2©
2 75 : ¦ Mediterranean Sweets. $1 60@l 75; Tan
rerlnes $1 25: Lemons. *260®2 75 for fancy,
1 50«fi 75 for choice and $1^1 25 for stand
ard; Grape Fruit," $1 504f2 for seedless and $1®
1 50 for ordinary; Mexican Limes. $5@5 60 per
case; Bananas. $233 per bunch for Central
American and $l®2.for Hawaiian j Pineapples.
$2®3 per dozen.- ¦ ¦ ¦ , - ,
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHEESE— 8|F8%e for good to choice new
and 6&7c for lower grades; Young America".
9fi-t>%c; Eastern, 12%e/14c; Western, lli@12c
per lb.
BOGS— Ranch, I8©20c for fair to choice;
store. ie@17%c; Eastern, 16%®18c.
As foreshadowed yesterday, ranch Ettffs an)
higher and firm at the advance, with strictly
fine stock getting scarcer. Store Eggs are
kept down by ! warm weather In the interior
and the competition of ths Eastern goods.
There Is nothing new In Cheese.
Receipts were '86,100' lbs Butter, 1503 cases
Eggs and 2300 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 18%f?19c
for extras and 17«t®lSo for firsts: dairy, -10©
17%c; store Butter, 13916c; cold storage, nom
inal.
Butter continues quiet and not oversteady.
The. supply is f till large and Is now being fur
ther Increased by ehipments from Fresno, as
Loh Angeles has left that market as a buyer
and is* now getting Its Butter from the East.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
WASHINGTON, June- 2.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the ?160,000.000 gold re
serve In the divlRlon of redemption, nhowoi
Available each balance $103,557,102
Gold 4 09.124.7S3
Cash in the Treasury.
Cons money.... 90 6-lfiJN Y Central 117%
Do acct OO-'ilNor A Western... Kt%
Anaconda 3%! Do pM 8tt
Atchison ....'.... 7n*f Ont & Western... 22^4
Do pfd fl"> Pennsylvania K8%
Bal & Ohio R0 Rand Mines \ft%
Car. Pacific 120% Reading 22%
Chfd & Ohio SO* Do 1st pfd H9%
Chi Great West.. 14»i Do 2rl pfd 31
Chi, Mil & fit P..J4.1 So Railway 20%
Do Beer* 10% Do pfd R4«
Den & Rio G 20 So Pacific 4fi%
Do pfd TO Union Pacific |8U
Erlo 2ST4I Do pfil Jm{
Do 1st pfd 5R%IU S Steel D«
Do 2d v>fd n. r i I Do pfd 54 %
111 Central . AZ1 Wnhash 16
Louis & Nash. ...110 Do pfd 34
M. K & Texas... 10% Spanish 4s S3%
Bar silver — Steady, 23 7-16d per ounce.
Money— 2<52% per cent.
The rtite of discount In the open market for
rhot-t Mis Is 2 l-1fW2% per ceht and for
three months' bills 2© 2 1-16 per cent.
London Closing Stocks.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— ¦ . July, Septr
Opening o 4% 0 494
I Qlosing 6 4H 6 4%
! ;/,' PARIS.
; Wheat — '.• June. Sept -Dec.
! Opening '. 20 33 20 30
Closing . ; 20 35 20 3d
Flour —
Opening 27 65 27 35
Closing ....;.. 27 60 27 30
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. June 2.-*- WOOL — Firm. Medium
gxv.des. combing and clothing, l.ifaijc; light
i flnp, 15(gl8c; heavy fine, 12@>10c; tubwashed
I 2ir«.32o. A; , ;
Sale of Sheepskins.
LONDON, June 2. — A sale of sheepskins was
held in Mincing lan« to-day. Offerings amount
ed to 3315 bales. Competition was fairly ac
tive. Fully wooled Merinos were 2% per cent
dearer, «nd half wooled, . shorn and wasting
wore unchanged. Fine eross-breds advanced
1 2',i oer cent nnd coarse cross. breds were 6
per cent higher.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND/ JunS 2.— -WHEAT— Walla
Walla. 72c: brucstem, 80c; valley, 81e.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. June 2.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
bluest em, 80c: club. 72c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. June 2. — Clearings, $757,817! bal
ances, $122,080. ' ¦
TACOMA, June 2.— Clearlngs.^335,279: bal
ances, $:>i,)59().
PORTLAND, June 2. — Clearings, $634,584;
balances, $80,147. ¦
SPOKANE, June ".- 2.— Clearings, $433,997;
balances,' $46,828.
Foreign Futures.
Another car of Western Poultry, making the
thlrd'for the week, was received'and was tunud
over to a leading retailer by the importers.
Receipts of domestic stock were moderate and
there was continued firmness in large young
fowls. Young Roosters were rather scarce and
quoted higher. Small chickens were Inclined
to easiness, but prices were no lower. .
There were no changes in Game. Only a
few sacks catne In.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 15£16c per lb:
Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings. $1 75*E
2; Ducks, M r af> per dozen for old and
$r>'tj« for young; Hens. $0®7 for large and
$3(TS 50 for tmall; j-oung Roosters, ?7 50f7'>;
old Roosters. $4 50tf/5; Fryers. $5 50!9« CO;
Broilers. $ai?4 for targe and $2@2 50 for
small: Plseons. $1 25&1 60 per dozen for old
and $1 B0«2 for Squab?.
GAME— Hare, $1 5U per dozen; Rabbits, $1 75
62 tor Cottontails and $1 per doten for brush.
Poultry and Game.
Miscellaneous Markets.
Money- U S Steel... 6%
rail lnana ,...2H«?3% Do nfd G2!,
Time loans . . .'JMiU Ihs Westing Common. 76
Bonds — Mining—
Atchison 4» .....1CO>« I Adventure IVi
Do BdJ 4s 90%|Allouez , 6
Mex Crnt 4s 60 tAir.nl Copper 49%
Railroads — JAmer Zinc 8%
Atohlson ('STUlAtlantic 7%
Do pfd 92 Iliingham 20%
Boston & Albany. 243 I Calumet & Hecla.45»
Itoston & Maine.. \W ICentenhlal 19
Boston Elev 140 ICopper. Range 41%
Fitchburg pfd 1.1»%!Daly West 1T4H
Mex Central 7 |Dom Coal CO
N Y, N H & H..1S614 Franklin , 7
Pen Marqut-tte... 77 IGrancy 3 5-16
Union Pacific 82% I Isle Royale 8
Miscellaneous — j Mass Mining .... 3%
Amer Arge Chem. 14 Mli-hlgan 8%
Do pfd 73 (Mohawk 89
Arr<r Pnju Tube. 4 Mont Coal & Coke 3%
Amer Pugar 120% Old Dominion ... 12
Do pf<i 120 Osceola 5rt%
Amer Tel & Tel. 124% Parrot 5>.J%
Amer Woolen ... 10V4 Quinoy 80
Do pfd ....I... 74U'Hhannon 5%,
Dom Iron & B... 8VjlTamarack .¦% SO
Ed Elect Ilium.. 231 iTrlnlty 3%
Gen Electric 1S5 U S Mining 10%
Macs Electric .... 18 V S Oil B%
Do rM "2 t'iah 33H
Mafs Qas 40 Victoria 2U
I'nitod Fruit 110 Wlnona 5%
Un Shoe Mach... -!R% Wolverine 69*
Do pfd 29
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
j RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead fUO
, 7%c per lb; White Lead. 714@7%c. according
I to quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Suifar Refining Cmh. ;
rany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bag!*: ;
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed. .V0.V;
Powdered. 5.!>rte: Candy Granulated. flSOe; Dry
\ Granulated, fine. 5.70e; Dry Granulated, coarse.
: 6.70c: Fruit Granulated, E^Oc; Beet Granu
lated (1001b bags only). 5.60ci Confectioners'
' A. 6.70c: Magnolia A 5.30c; Extra C. 5.20c;
Golden C, 5.10c; "D," 6e; barrels. iOc more;
'. half barrels 23c more; boxes, 50c more; 60-lb
ba«s 10c more for all kind*. Tablets — Half
barrels. 6.20c; boxes. 6.45c; H. & E. Crystal
Domlnos. 8.70c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
RICE^ — Chlhcse, descriptions are firm, while
Japanese grades are quoted treak.
: TEA — Is very firm at primary points and
I Hankow advices report Congous • 10315 per
cent hUher.
QUICKSILVER— Larger offerings are weak
ening the market, and quotations are now $43
«744 for local trade, with export lots obtain
able at concessions.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. JUNE 2.
Flour, qr ska .. 10,.153IHay. tons 246
Wheat, Ctls .... 2.128 Wool, bales 6C«
Barley, ctls .... 3.929 Screenings, sks.. 200
Oats, Ctls 954 Hides. No. .... 2,437
Corn, ctl* 9 Pelt*. No. 735
Rya, ctl 151 Leather, rolls .. 32
Beans, sks .... 6WTallow. ctls ... 21*
Potatoes sks .. l,28C!Ume, bbls .... 321
Onions, sks . . . 37R| Paper, reams . • . 638
Bran ska 435'Qulcksllver. fJk». Ill
Middlings, sks.. lOOlWIne. gala :..-.. 15,200
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 1.0C0! Cornmeal. ska.. 1.0C0
BAGS — drain Bags 6%c spot And 6%c June-
July; Pan Quentlti. $5 40; Wool Bags. S2®56e:
Fleece Twine. 7'gSe.
COAL— Wellington $8 per ton: New Welling
ton $S; Seattle. $<l 50; Bryant. ?8 60: .Bearer
Hill. $5 50; Stanford.- $7; Roslyh. $7; Coos
Bay. $5 50. Greta $7;. Wallsend. $7; Richmond.
$7 5b; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and $14 25 in
rack?; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Welnh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh LUmp.
$11 60; Cannel. $3 SO per ton; Coke. $11 30@tf
per ton In bulk and $15 in.sncks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and $12 SO
per long ton, according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cas«a
add 5c: Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil In cases. No. 1 70c;
Bakers' AA. $1 NW1 12: Lucol 45c for boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut. 60@70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil In barrels. 5Sc for Ceylon and 53c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. 68c; natural winter Sperm On, 63c; #«tr*
bleached winter Whale Oil, 57c; natural Whal»
Oil, 52c; extra winter strained Lnrd Oil, 75c;
No. 1 Lard Oil. ti.V: pure Neatsfoot Oil, 73c;
No 1 Neatsfoot Oil 63c: light Herring OH.
42c: dark Herring Oil. 40c: Salmon OH S4c:
boiled Fish OH, 37c; raw Fish Oil. 35c; boiled
Paint Oil, 33c; raw Paint Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil. in cases, 20Uc; Astral. 20%c;
Star. 20%c; Extra Star, 24%c; Elaine. 26%c;
Eocene. 2.1Hc; Deodorized Etnve Gasoline In
bulk. 16c: in cases. 22%c; Benzine, in bulk.
13c; in cases, 19%e; .SO-degree Gasoline. In
bulk. 25c: in c&«ea. 31c.
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon In cases and
75c In drum* and iron barrels.
General Merchandise.
Nezv York Money Market.
NEW YORK. June 2.- : <:iose. Money on call
was eacy at lQHi d«t cent; closing bid, 1;
offered at l l i per cent.
Time loans were eat^y and steady with 6ixty
days and ninety days at 202% per cent, and
jelx months at ¦l<a",\' x per cent.
Prime mercantile paper; 3»»@4% per cent.
Sttrling exchanxe was fcirung; with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4.S730ig4.S740
for demand and at $4.8550 for !>lxty days.
Posted rates. $4 80 and $4 KS. .
Commercial tills. H 85V4ff4 85%.
Bar silver. SJ : iC. . ' ¦
I Mexican d')H3ry.-44V»c.--*-' — *••'*•
Bonds — Government, -easier; railroads, ir
regular.
EASTERN MARKETS.^
CHICAGO. June 2.— Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour, steady; No. 2 spring wheat,
P4®»7e; No. 3. !)2!g!>3c; No. 2 red, $1 04JT1 03:
No. 2 corn. KOc; No. 2 yellow, 61tf51%c: No. 2
oats, 41%@41%c; No. 3 white. 41<7>t3%c; No.
2 rye, 7">c; good feeding barley, Z3&i3i; fair
to choice maltlns. 43(g-.>«c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1;
No 1 Northwestern, $1 06%; prime timothy
seed, $3; megs pork, per barrel, $11 30^11 35;
lard, per 100 pounds. $*» 32%@6 35; short ribs
sides (loose), $•( 50^0 62%; short clear sides
(boxed), $(! 50i§0 75; whisky, bas|s of, high
wines, $1 28; clover, contract grade, $10 73.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 2.i»0rt " 14,700
Wheat bushels 47,000 33.GU0
Corn, bushels ...890,300 644.C0O
Out*, bushels ¦..;.. t:....;..30S.»00 * 137.500
Rye bushels ....''...'.-...;. 4,000 * 3,100
Barley, bushels 83,800 5,400
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, June 2.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the Butter market was firm;
Creameries. 13U@17%c; Dairies, 12@16c. Ejrgu,
steady at mark, cages included, 14%@15Uc.
Cheese, easy, 7%€9c.
Cash Grain and Provisions. *
New Potatoes contlhued to arrive freely, but
trade was quite active at the recently revised
quotations and the market was pretty well
cleaned up at the close. Old were being- forced
for sale, but found, few buyers. Red Onions
were easier under- Increased receipts.
All kinds of miscellaneous vegetables were
In free supply and trade was moderately active
both for local use and shipping account. As
paragus cleaned 'up at previous prices, with
surplus lots going to the canners at 4&5c per
pound. String and Wax Bearm arrived freely
from several sections and anything fine met
With prompt sale at 7<Ji>*o per pound. Poor,
drlod-up stock, which constituted the bulk of
the rtcelpU from the south, sold very slowly
at 3f@5c per pound and there was quite a
surplus of such stock still on hand at the close.
Summer Squash, too, sold at a wide range as
to quality and a box from Bay Farm Island,
the flrt=t of the season from that quarter,
brought . $1 75. <Jren Corn from Brent wood
sold at 25B'30c per dozen.
POTATOES— New. in boxes. $1 25@1 65 V«
ctl for white and $1G1 '^5 for Early Ros;;
In eacks. ?1S1 50 per ctl; old Oregon Burbanks,
$1@1 25 per ctl; old river Burbanks, 85ej$l
per ctl.
ONIONS — Australian Yellow, $5 per ctl; hew
Red, 75©UOC per sack; new Green. SOiguOc
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 4£0%c per. lb:
Rhubarb; 4C©5Uc per box; Green Peas. $10
125 p«r sack; Garden «Peas. K§2%c per lb;
String Beans, 3fcSc per lb; Wax Beans, oQSc
per lb; Tomatoes, $1 JtN&l 73 psr box or crate
for Loa Angeles and $1 60©2 lot Mexican (re
packed); Summer Squa«h. T.'cijjl i'S per box;
Cabbage, $ 1 per t'tl; Carrots, 6t'c per sack; Cu
cumbers. 7,ih iit 1 per Unsen; do, Marysvllle, $1 75
W2 per box; Garlic, new, 5^0c per lb;
Egg Plant, S#10c ptr lb; Dried Peppers, SSlOc
for sun-diietl .and 12%j?13c per lb for evap
orated; Dried Okra, 12%<S15c per lb; Green
Peppers, £5}lUc per lb for Los Angeles and 12%
if 1.1c for Mexican; Marrowfat Squash, Jobbing
at l%@2c per lb.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The following quotation's are for good. Round
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco^ less 50
per cent for shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7%@8Hc; Cows and Heif
ers ti%@7c; thin Cow3, 4@5c per lb. .
CALVES — t@4%c pec lb (grow weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. £%S4c; Ewes, 3@3V«e
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 5C@2 75 per head. .
HOGS — Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs, 5c:
200 to 230 lbs. 4%c; over 2BO lbs, 4%c: soft
Hogs, nominal; Sows, 20 i>«r cent oft; Boars.
60 per cent off. and Stags, 40 p>r cent off from
above quotations.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as roilows: . . -
BEEF — 6%®7c for Steers and 5@ec per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 6®7c; small. 7*4S9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7S8c; Ewes, 6%$7a
per lb.
LAMB— 8%«J9e per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 6%@9%c per lb.
/ LIVESTOCK MARKET.
DRESSED MEATS.
The packers are now buying Hogs on a new
welKht basis, as will be seen below, and the
market Is weak, with a light demand. Many
of the Sheep and Lambs now coming In are
poor nnd Boine thin Ewes sold down to 6o per
pound. Calves still glut the market.
Meat Market,
Merr*d 87 BO Very windy .00
Nape. 81 66 W Clear .00
Newman 90 63 N Clear .00
Palermo 83 62 .... Clear" .00
Portervllle 87 54 N Clear .00
Red Bluff 88 60 W Clear .00
Riverside 91 P2 .... Clear .00
Sacramento 80 58 NW Clear .00
Ban Diego 74 68 S Clear .00
San Francisco 64 58 W Clear -CO
Sen Jose 73 61 .... Clear .00
San Luis Obispo ....76 62 W Clear .00
Santa Maria 80 68 Clear .00
Fanta Rosa 81 67 . NW near. .07
Stockton 79 65 Clear .CO
Willows 82 65 N Clear .00
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Napa — Cherries ripening; medium crop; good
quality.
Hanford — Prospects for grain and fruit good. ¦
Holllster — Apricots doing well; good quality,
except Mwrpark variety.
Riverside— Navel crop about • harvested ;
later v»rlety going forward.
Stockton — Apricots siiing up well; ; heavy
crop hay.
Colusa — Barley harvesting commenced; early
frultfc rlpeninff.
Willows — Weather fine for all crops.
Palermo — Irrigating in progreEs; oranges set
ting well.
Livermore— Weather very favorable for
growing grain.
San Jose — Grain fair; prunes short In places;
cherries plentiful.
King City — Cool afternoon wind; green pas
turaire drying up rapidly.
Newman— High north wind ripening gTaln
too fast. —
Porterville — Valencia late oranges being
picked.
Santa Maria — Warm weather ripening grain
somewhat softer; other conditions unchanged.
Santa Rosa — No damage by rain.
Cloverdale — Light showers; no damage to
bay or cherries.
A. O. McADIE. Section Director.
Review of the Situation by a Nr.v
York Banker.
CONDITION OF TRADE.
HIDES AND BKINS — Culls iahd brands sell
about %t?lc under quotations. . Heavy Salted
Steers. »%c; medium. 8%c: Hght. 8c; Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and 8c for light; 8tafta.
6c- Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf, lie; dry Hides. 16c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf 19e; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25i930e each:
short Wool. 40t}65c each: medium. 70#9Oc: long
Wool $1®1 B0; Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
largo and ?2«2 60 for medium, $1 25@1 73 for
small and 60c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry,
$1 75 for large and $1 60 for medium. $li£l 25
for email *nd 6Oc for Colts. Buck Skins— Dry
Mexican. SCc; dry Salted Mexican. 25c: dry
Central American. 30©32%c. Goat Skins —
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth. 60c;
medium. 35c; small, 20c. .
TALLOW— No.*l rendered, 4};©4%e per lb:
No .2. 3%<e4c; grtase. 2«ft3c.
WOOL — Spring Clip — San Joaquln and South
*rn 12 months' 9@lle; do 7 months'. 8©lt>e
per lb; Middle Counties. 12&16e for free, and
lliffKc for defective: Northern, 16<@17c for rre«
and 13@15c for defective; Nevada. 12315c, ac
cording to condition.
HOPS— Jobbing at 27%if30e per lb for Cali
fornia. 1903. For crop of 1904 the nominal
quotation !s 20c.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Canary and Brown Mustard Seed are both
very firm and the latter is higher. There is
notnlng new in Beans, which are quiet.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 2582 $0; Pea. $2 9OS.1;
Butters. ¥3; small White, $2 S5@3 10; large
White. $2 2322 53: Pink, $3 45413 CO; Red,
$1 25; Lima. $3 2o®3 30; Red Kidneys. $4 7."{J
5; Blarkeye, $1 UU'a- 15 per ctl; Horse Beans,
$2<T2 CO. . .
SEEDS-r-Brown Mustard, $1 25#1 60; Yellow
Mustard. $3@3 25; Flax, $1 S0®l 90; Canary,
6%@5%c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 14%@l«c; Rape,
1%©2c; Timothy, 0®<i%c; Hemp, 3%@4c per
lb; Millet. 3©3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20ft21
per ton. -
DRIED PEAS — Blackeye, $3 per ctl; Nlles,
(3 25; Green Pea>, $3(^3 25.
Beans and Seeds.
Two more cars of Volunteer "Wild Oat Hay
told yesterday at $8. Otherwise there was
nothing new in the market. The feeling in
Hay continues weak, while Bran and Mid
dlings rule firm, with light offerings.
BRAN— $21«22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27 60^29 60 per ton.
SHORTS— *21®22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $23@23 60
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $29 80^31;
jobbing. $:!2; Cqc.6a.nut Cake, $22@23; Corn
Meal, $32*833 : Cracked Coin, $32 50®33 60;
Mixed Feed. $22@23; Horse Beans. $30@i0 per
ton: Broom Corn Feed, 80c per ctl. *
HAY— Wheat, $IO@15; Wheat and Oat. $ll@
13 60; Oat, $9®12; Wild Oat. $7@10; Bar
ley and Oat, $7«?11; Stock, $7®8; Alfalfa. $7@
10 per ton.
STRAW- 6CS80C per bale.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
CHICAGO, June 2. — Higher cables, wet
weather In the Northwest and bullish crop
news caused a strong opening In wheat, July
balng up %©14c to ftig^c. at 87%c to 87%c.
Shorts were the best buyers, although there
WU a good demand from commission houses.
For ' a time the . initial strength
wa* well * maintained as a result
of the Missouri crop report, which showed
absolutely no improvement in the condition
of wheat. Advices from Kansas City stated
that heavy rains had fallen In Kansas and
Oklahoma, and wheat had been much damaged
by severe wind storms attending the down
pour. Strength in corn 'was also a supporting
Influence early in the session. - Later in ths
day trading became less active and sentiment
changed materially. *• As a result of moderate
selling of September recessions wers made In
all deliveries, the market losing the greater
part of the early gain. A reaction in corn also
had a. depressing influence on the wh»at mar
ket. .The high-point In July was reached at
8T*4c After touching 87%c, July closed at
87ifc<gS7y 4 e. •• .
¦ During the first part of the session senti
ment in corn was extremely bullish. Later in
the day much of the advance wu loat on
liberal realizing sales. The close, however,
was firm. July opened VJe to %c higher at
49 %q to 50 %c. sold between 49 %c and 60% c,
closing at 49 T ic.
In sympathy with other grains, oats were
firm. After opening a shade to %«fVtc higher,
at 3!t%a to 39%c, July sold between 3!»%-;;..j •..,..¦
and .•'.u'lftM'TiL- and closed at 39%c.
Provisions were weak on selling by pack
ers and small holders. Liberal receipts of
hogs and a big increase in the world's supply
of lard were thfe principal bear factors. July
pork closed at a loss of 17%@20c. at $11 87HM
11 40. July lard was off 7%c, at $6 40, and
ribs also were down 7%c, closing at $6 60.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— ¦ ..
July, old ... -'88% 60% 88% 88%
July, new ... 87% 87% 87% ,»87!i
Sept., old .. S.1% 83% 8.1% 83%
Sept., hew .. 82% 82% 81% 81%
Corn No. 2—
June 49U 49^4 48% 49
July 50%. 60% 40% 49%
September .. 49% 49% 48% 48%
Oats N'o. 3 —
June 41% 41% 41 % 41%
July - 39% 39% «9% 39%
September ,. 31% 31% 31% 31%
Mesa Pork, per barrel —
July 1145 1157% 1132% 1140
September ..11 75 . 11 77% 11 57% 11 60
Lard per 100 pounds — *
July..' 6 45 6 47% 6 40 6 40
September . . 6 65 « 07% 6 65 6 57%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
July 6 67% 6 07% 6 60 6 60
September ..6 80 6 85 6 75 6 77%
Future Grain and Provisions.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 600
4 90. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 60#4 80;
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $3 S5«J1 25
per bbl. . y
' AULLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 60 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 50: Rye Meal, $3 25; Rice Flour,
$7: Corn Meal. $3 60: extra cream do, $4 25;
Oat Groats. $4 60; Hominy, $4<S4 25; Buck
wheat Flour, $4 6O'g4 75: Cracked Wheat, $4;
Farina. $4 60.\ Whole Wheat Flour, $3 75;
Rolled Oats, bbls, $7 2568 60; in sacks, $6 75®
8 10; Pearl Barley, $0; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Peal, $5 60 p°r 100 lbs.
Flour and A fills tuffs.
Chicago Board of Trade.
There Is no further change in anything. This
market is dull and weaR, while Chicago is
heavy and lacks the. support of the packers.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9 Ho per lb for
heavy, 10c for light medium. 12c for light.
13%c for extra light and 15<316c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Ham*. 13c; Cali
fornia Hams. 12@12%c: Mess Beef, $10*9
'10 50 per bbl: extra Mess. S114211 50; Family.
$12012 50; prime Mess Pork. $14; extra clear,
$23- Mess. $17 50; Dry Salted Pork. »%c: Pig
Pork. $26: Piga" Feet. $3; Smoked Beef. 14o
LARi) — Tierce* Quoted at «Hc p«r lb for
compound and 8%c for P?re: half-barrel* pure,
8%c; 10-lb tins. 0V%c; C-lb tins, 0%c; 3-lb tins,
9%c '
COTTOLENE^ — Ono half barrel, 8%o; thre«
half barrels 8y t c; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
8c; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
Provisions.
Nczv York Stock market still apathetic. Cotton lower.
Sihrr and Sterling Exchange somezv^at higher.
Nothing new on the local stock exchanges.
Wheat and Barley quid at previous prices.
Oats, Corn and Rye steadily held.
Receipts of new Hay more frequent. Feedstuffs firm.
Beam still inactive at unchanged quotations.
New Potatoes coming iu freely. Onions and Vegetables plentiful
¦ Good, large Poultry showing it: ore firmness.
Fresh Fruits continue abundant at normal prices.
Dried Fruit s f Nuts and Raisins unchanged. :
Butter and Cheese plentiful and easy. Eggs higher.
Provisions dull and weak in all positions.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs weak, with large arrivals.
Tea firmer in the primary markets.
Quicksilver declining under larger offerings.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Wabash 300 16 16 15%
Wobash pfd ...... 200 83% 33 K 33 Vi
Whetl & L Erie... 1W 14ft 14% 14
Wlscon Cent . .*.. ]e%
Wisconsin Cen pfd .31%
Express Companies — /
Adams , .... .... 225
American ioo 180 180 177
United States ](X> •
Wells-Ffcrfto , .... .... 200 '
Miscellaneous —
Amalg Copper 16,400 49% . 48*4 40U :
Amer Car & Found.. 500 16% 16% lt%
AmerC&Fpfd ..." 694
Amer Cotton Oil 27
Amer Cot OH pfd.. ...... 86%
Amer Ice e%
Amer Ice pfd 300 26H 26U 26
Amer Linseed Oil.. 100 7 7 6<j
Amer Lin Oil pfd 23%
Amer Locomotive .. 100 18H 1814 18^4
Amer Locomo pfd gO'.i
Amer Smelt & Rfg. 6,700 B3>4 51% C2
AmerS & R pfd... 3,100 «7V» 86' /8 87
Am^r Sugar Ref*.. 2,100 127>4 126 12B«4
Anaconda Min Co 72
Brooklyn Rap Tran 6.700 47% 46% 40^
I'olo Fuel & Iron .... 28H
Consolidated Gas... B.40O 20.1 200H 202
Corn Products 200 10% 10% 10V4
Corn Products prd. 100 0C}, C«v5 06
Dlstillers'Securlties ..... .... .... 20>i
Oneral Electric..." 200 155 155 154 >wi
International Paper 100 10Vi 10% lO'.i
Interntl Paper pfd 66
Intemtl Pump 40O 35 35 * S4H '
Intcrntl Pump pfd 72 !
National Lead 600 10% 19>4 19%
North American.... 200 81 SO 1 ,! 81
Pacific Mail 100 25& 25Vi 25H
People's Gas 600 05 . 95 95
Pressed Ste«l Car ii*\i
Pr Stiel Car pfd 67
Pullm.in Palace Car 210
Republic Steel " 100 6>& 6% -' 6}4
Republic Steel pfd 37%
Rubber Good* 13
Rubber Goods pfd 77
Tenn Coal & Iron.. ICO 33U S3% 33U
US Leather 100 6^ 6^ CH I
U S Leather pfd .79^
U S Realty 900 6% -^ 6^
U S Realty prd 300 CO , 60 r>9V4'
US Rubber ... 200 16& 15T4 15Ji
U S Rubber pfd 109 60V*. CfiVi 64 >i
U S Steel 1.50O 9 8'4 »Hi i
IT S et»el pfd 10,400 53% 62% 54% :
¦VWwtinRhouse Elec 153%!
Western "Unldn 100 88 86 86 ]
Total sales ...141,900 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, June 2. — No bond transactions j
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common— Bid, 3%; asked, 3%. Preferred — j
Bid. 35; asked. 35%.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..lO4% I. «.- N unified 4s.lOO%
Do coupon 105 Van con gold 4s.lO3$fc
Do 3s reg 1O5J4 Mex Cent 4s ti3
Do coupon 106 Do 1st inc.... 12
Do new 4a reE.132 l i Minn & St L 43. 96
Do coupon 132% II K & Tex 48... 98
Do old 4s reg. 106 DO 2ds 77%
Dc coupon 107 NR of Mex con 4s 74
Atch cen 4s 101% NYC gen 3%s.. 99%
Do adj 4s 91 N J C gen 5s.... 130%
Atlantic C L 4s. 94% Noi Pac 4s 104%
Bal & Ohio 4s. ..101^, Do 3s" 71%
Do 3%s 95% Nor & W con 4s. 98%
Central of Ga 5s.lO7% OS-L 4s & partic. 94%
Do 1st inc 74 I'a conv 3%s 94%
Chea & Ohio 4%a.lO4% Reading gen 4s... »«%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 78 S L, & I M con 6s.ll4%
C. B & Q new 4s. »5 S L & S F fg 4s. 82
C.M & SP pn 4S.109' St Louis SW lsts. 90
C & NW con 7s.l27% Seaboard A L 4s. 7014
C. R I & Pac 4s. 07»i So Pacific 4s 90
Do col 5s 79% So Railway 5s 110%
C.C.C & SLgn 4s. 98^4 Tex & Pac lsts. 116%
Chi Term 4s 73% T. St L & W 4s. 70
Cons Tobacco 4s. C9% Ui Ion Pacific 4s.. 104%
Co!o & So 4s 82% Do conv 4s..... 90%
C F & I con 5s. C9H, L" S Steel 2d 5s.. 73^
Den & Rio G 4s. 9S"4K\ abash lsts .....113%
Eric- prior lien 4s. 0«% Do deb B BC%
Dc gen 4s WV4 W «fc L Erie 4s... S9%
-F W & D C lsts.104 Wi? Central 4s... 00
Hoek Val 4«ig...lC7%
NEW YORK MININO STOCKS.
Adams Con 25] Little Chief ...."- 03
Alice 40 Ontario 3 75
B'pece lUIOphir 0 23
Bruns Con 13!Thoenix . . . .r*^, . . 12
Com Tunnel (WIIMosl ..%.. 16
Con Cal & Va... 1 BOj Savage 2S
Horn Silver 1 :>5| Sierra Nev 45
Iron Silver 1 f>0| Small Hopes , 13
Lcadvllle Con ... 02,'Standard ......\.. 2 10
NEW YORK, June * 2.— Tin ' ruled firm, both
In the London and local markets. Spot gained
Is abroad, closing at £122 17s 6d and futures
were 17s 3d higher at £122 2s 6d._ Locally
the market closed at $27 12%@27 37%. ".
; Copper vat unchanged In the London mar
ket, closing at £55 12s Cd for both spot and
futures. Locally the market was father easier.
X*ke is quoted at $12 87%@13 12%; electro
lytic, $12 75013: casting, $12 50@12 70. .
Lead was unchanged In New York, closing
at $4 3?<c?4 40, but advanced Is 3d to £11 10a
In London. .
Spelter ru!*d steady at $4 87%@6 In New
York and v/as unchanged in London, where
It closed at £22.
| Iron closed at 01s 6d In Glasgow and at 43s
4%d in Mlddlesboro. Locally iron Is quiet
No. 1 foundry, northern,. Is .quoted at $14 75@
l."i 25; No. 'I foundry, northern, $14 25@>14 SO;
No. 1 foundry, southern, and No. 1 foundry,
southern, soft. $13 80®13 75.
New York Metal Market.
RAISINS — F. o\ b. prices Fresno for 1903
crop (subject to change without notice) Are as
follows: 60- lb boxes — Loose Muscatel, 4 -crown,
4c per lb; 3-cfown. 4%c; 2-crown. 4c; Malaga,
loose 3-crown. 4c; 2-crown. 3%c: Thompson's
seedless >.4c; seedless Sultanas, 3%c: Seedless
Muscatels, 3!' 4 c: do floated. 3%c; Seeded Rais
ins, 16-oz cartons, fancy. 5%c; choice. 5%e:
12-oz cartons, fancy. 4%c; choice. 4»Je: in
bulk, fancy 5%c; choice. Sc; Imperial clus
ters $3; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy. $2; London
Layers, 3-crown. $1 35; 2-crown. $1 25.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 13%!fJ14c;
No t. U%®12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13@13%c;
No' 2 ll©ll%c; Almonds, ll%c for Nonpa
reiis 11 %c for I X L. lie for N' Plus Ultra
and'OHc for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6@7c for
Eastern ; Pecans. 11913c: Cocoanuts, $4 SO@3.
HONEY— Comb. Il«el2%c for white and
lOtjUlc for amber; water white extracted 0©
6c; light amber extracted. 4%£5o; dark.
3%@4c. . > , ...
BEESWAX— JT©29c j>«r lb.
9@12c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, iV\9
6c; sun-dried. 3@4%c; Peaches. 7@3c;
Pears. 8%G12c; Figs, white, 2%©3c in boxes;
black. 4Uc; Plums, pitted. 5@i%c per lb.
PRUNES— 1903 crop, 2©2%c for the four
sizes. ¦-— —
tietical position. Choice are quoted at 9%@10c;
extra choice, 10%@10%c.
PEACHES — Remain firm, with supplies scan
ty. Choice are quoted at 7@754c; extra choice,
7%@8c, and.- fancy, 9%@10e.
ingly at the * beginning, and then only at re
duced prices." -
- CASH BARLEY.
.. Feed. $1 O33i@l 05; Brewing-. . $1 07%@l 10;
Chevalier. $1 10@l 15 for fair to choice.
FUTURES. : '.T .'';.'•'
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December... 9C% 90% 96% 96%
2 p. m. Session.
December' — 96c
: OATS — The market stands about the same.
Reds constitute the bulk of the offerings, as
white continue extremely scarce. There are
no Grays on the market and there is no call
for Blacks.
White. $1 42%@1 47%; •Black, $1 22&@
1 27%; Red. $1 27%igu 33; Gray, nominal.
CORN — Western descriptions are again com
ing forward with more freedom and are meet
ing with a ready demand at unchanged prices.
. We stern sacked, $1 S0#l 55 ror Yellow,
$1 47%frl 52% for •White and $1 43@1 50 for
HiXBd; California large >ellow. $1 65@1 60;
small round do, $1 6601 tJO; White. $165©
1 GO per etl: Egyptian, ft 4001 60 tor White
and $1 27H@i 30 for Brown.
RYE— $1 30@l 32% per Ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75®2 per ctL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 3, 1904.
Continued on Page Fourteen.
FRUITS — Aprlcota,' 8®l0o for" Royali • and
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
Open. T 1 High.- Low. Close.
December ...$1 81% $1 31% - |1 81% (1 31%
BARLEY — The- • market \ Continues diill ' and
mor» or less weak, with quotations unchanged.
Yates & Wright offered 1000 sacks of No. 1
Feed flown to ; $1 03%, but - did not sell. In
alluding to the current condition of the mar
ket Mr. 'Wright said: "From present indica
tions we will: not have the active^ demand for
shipping grades that we did last year. At this
time In 1903 the shippers had sold ahead some
seven? or eight ' cargoes, which sent them into
the market as buyers. This year not a single
cargo has been sold ahead ' and the ' shippers,
even If they buy, will probably purchase spar-
2 p. m. Bosh ion.
California Club., $1 26S1 82%: • California
White Australian, $1 62 >£® 157 H; Northern
Club, $1 300140; Northern Bluestem. $1 00
«1 65 per ctl.
FUTURES.
' Session 9, to 11:30 a. m.
'' . OJ)en. ; High. ' Low. ¦ C1ob«.
December :..$! 31%' $1 31H $1 31% $1 81%
WHEAT — News la scarce everywhere, as the
market stands about the same all over .the
world. The foreign futures were firmer yes
terday. . : •¦ - , ,
Chicago showed no particular change on the
day. Minneapolis ¦ reported about DO per cent
of the milling 'capacity there at work yester
day morning. -
Cash wheat.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
40 AUCTION SALE! 40
THIRTY HEAD OF DRAFT. AND WORK
HORSES, weijrhinr from 1250 to 155O pounds,
broken. In good order and ready for work.
Most of theoe horses will weigh 1400 and
upward. Consigned by the Hall Stock Farm.
Yuta County, Cal.
Also ten head of HIGH CLASS DRIVERS.
Sals takes place
TUESDAY, Jane 7, 1904, at 8 P.M.
1732 MARKET ST.. near Van Ness av«., 8. V.
Horses at yard Jans 6. Send for cata-
logue. . »
TRED H. CHASE ft CO.
Live Stock Auctioneers.
' ¦¦
AUCTION SALE!
On MONDAY, Jane f, at 11 o'clock,
At 3. B. HORAN'E SALETARDS^
Cor. 10th and Bryant Sts.
By order of Mr. John Patterson of Reno, Ner.,
t will sell US head of choice 1 young horses.
Included In this sal* I have about 30 head of
choice younc mares with colts by thstr side*.
These horses will arrive at the yards Sunday- •
and will positively be sotd to ths highest
bidder.
S. WATKIXS. Auctioneer.The monthly demonstration of the
California Camera Club attracted an
attendance that filled the rooms last
night - in the Academy of ' Sciences
building. Frederick Monsen,"one of
the best known photographers and
lantern slide colorists on the coast.
spoke on "Hand Cameras vs. Stand
Cameras," and illustrated his lecture
by lantern slides from photographs
taken during his trips in Arizona
among the Mogul and Hopi Indians.
Camera Club Meeting.
Justice of the Peace Wallace of San
Jose has fined Antone Bondl"$25 for
killing quail during: the close season.
Deputy Fish Webb
Toms caught Charles Hoffman asleep
in a boat -with a set net \ anchored
close by and haled him before. Justice
of the Peace Anderson of San Diego,
who held him • to., answer '¦before' the
Superior. Court.- Justice" of the Peace
Cummins ' of Coyelo ' has " flned C. ' C.
Cooper $25. for Belling deer hides.". ;'
Game Law Violators' Punished.
NEW YORK, June 2.— The following
Calif ornians are In New York:
Fom San Fancisco— R. Badley. at the
Hoffman; H. J. Chlsmore. Miss Chls
more, G. H. Eberhard and Mrs. M. T.
Emerson, at the Imperial; C. C. Gor
don, at the Murray Hill; S. G. Morton,
at the Imperial; G. Bliss, at the Grand
Union; E. Hanlon and D. Hanlon. at
the Broadwax Central.
From San Diego— W. G. Nlles, at the
Metropolitan. .
From Los Angeles— D. I* Snediker.
at the Spaldin*. . >:*;';£'>
Californlans in New York.
Burnett's Vanilla Extract la sold
by all the best grocers everywhere, try It. •
WOMAN'S AUXILIARY ENTERTAINS.—
The entertainment and dance of the Woman's
Auxiliary No. 18 of Typographical Union No.
21 waa given last night at Golden Gate Hall.
The attendance was large and the programme
proved to be of the most entertaining kind.
Preceding tha dance there was a- programme
of Instrumental t music and vocal selections and
an address by William J. French. . Mrs. C.
W. Weld. Mrs. Mllared d« Lapp, W. H. Gould
and A. Howe .rendered the vocal selection*.
How to make a dollar earn a dollar Is
easy when the dollar is placed in a prop
er channel for investment, under intelli
gent control. Such an opportunity is af
forded by the National Bond and Trust
Company, a corporation with offices in
the Mutual Bank building:, rooms 501
505. The plan is simple, easily under
stood and convincing. Briefly, it is the
sale of interest-bearing bonds on a lib
eral installment plan, which places these
securities within easy reach of men and
women in every walk of life. The man
aging board of the company is composed
of men well known forthelr successful
and honorable business dealings. *
Sterling A. Campbell, Collector of
Customs at Eureka and prominently
Identified with the Republican party in
Humboldt County, ana wire are regis
tered at the. Grand. Collector Camp
bell will leave In a few days for Alas
ka, where he Is Interested In mines.
His Ecellency Shen Nang Hoo, in
whose custody the painting of the Dow
ager Empress of China was brought to
this country on the last steamer, leaves
for St. Louis to-day. -
J. M. Buckley, editor of the Christian
Advocate of New York, and wife, who
have been attending the Methodist con
vention In Los Angeles, registered at
the St. Francis yesterday.
President A. W. Foster of the Cali
fornia Northwestern Railway and Mrs.
Foster departed yesterday on a trip
to the East, which will Include a visit
to the St. Louis exposition.
The formal announcement has been
made of the dissolution or the firm of
Van Ness & Redman and has been
followed by the removal of Mr. Red
man's offices from the Alliance building
to the Fair building.
Georges and Paul Pellien, manufac
turers of perfumery in France, are at
the Palace. They are making a tour
of this country.
Alexander Brown, a member of the
State Board of Equalization, is down
from Milton and Is at the Lick.
Dr.' Adolf Kramer of San Diego is at
the Palace.
Dr. E. B. Perrln of El Paso is at the
California.
S. M. Levee, a merchant of Vallejo, is
at tbe Lick.
Attorney E. A. Forbes of Marysville is
at the Grand.
E. W. Churchill, a banker of Napa,
is at the Palace.
Judge W. C. Spruance of Wilming
ton, Del., Is at the St. Francis.
M. A. Murphy, superintendent of the
Tesla mine, Is registered at the Lick.
Dr. William S. Blake of Santa Bar
bara Is registered at the St. Francis.
Murray M. Harris, the well known
organ builder of Los Angeles, is at the
Grand.
PERSONAL.
The complaint alleged that the ranch
came into possession of John C. Gore
Sr. in 1863 and that in 1860 he gave a
power of attorney to. F. S. Seymour
in Boston to sell the ranch for $33,000,
or exchange it for property of that
value. It is averred that Seymour
deeded the ranch to Edward Tompklns
in the same year in exchange for some
Eastern realty, which Gore alleged
was of far less value and that he had
been tricked and defrauded by Sey
mour.- He asked for restitution of the
premises or their value.
Demurrers in the case of John C.
Gore Jr. and Hamilton Gay Howard
vs. the United States of America,
David Jacks and the Pacific Improve
ment Company were sustained yester
day by United States Circuit Judge
Morrow and the case was dismissed.
The suit was brought to recover pos
session of the Jacks ranch in Mon
terey County, consisting of about
5000 acres of valuable land.
Judge Morrow Rules That Gore
Waited Too Long Before Bring
ing His Complaint.
JACKS RAXCH SUIT
DISMISSED ON* DEMURRER
ST. LOUIS, June 2. — Suit ror a receivership
va* filed in the Circuit Court to-day against
the Colonial Securities Corn per j* of St. Louis
by tht*e of the bondholder*, who allege that
the coirptay is Insolvent, with (l.CiOO.OrjO lia
bilities and J.'.»r.,0C3 assets.
HOWE CLUB'S SUCCESS. — The Initial con
cert of the Howe Club took place last even-
Ins at Native Sons' Hall, which was crowded
¦with a representative audience. The pro
gramme was greatly appreciated and the vo
calists were given an ovation.
Ladies are cordially invited to visit the
r:*w gats range and heating department
of San Francisco Gas and Electric Co.,
415 Post St.. now open for inspection. •
Without seeing the Diamond Palace would
be like visiting Europe without seeing Par
is. It is a leading feature of San Francis
co, and is the most beautiful Jewelry
store in the world. Visitors or purchas
ers are equally welcome. 221 Montgom
ery, between Bush and Pine. *
To Visit San Francisco
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
started for St. Louis last night on a
visit to the exposition. United States
Commissioner Heaccok will start to
day for the mountains for vacation.
He will return on July 6.
Judge Morrow Departs.
Since that date It has been /discov
ered that after leaving the company
Gildersleeve collected premiums on
three or four policies, discounting them
and Issuing personal receipts, which
were as worthless as the paper they
were written upon. From Philip B.
Anspacher, an attorney, he collected
a premium of $50,- not due to be paid
until September 1. giving a receipt
signed by himself personally and not
as agent of the Aetna. Of course the
Aetna could not honor the paper. He
made similar collections from Theodore
Watson of 72S Cole street and from
Robert W. Ritchie, a member of his
own fraternity.
A day or two before his connection
with the ' company ! was severed it Is
said that Glldersleeve was in need of
funds. It Is alleged that he obtained
blank telegraph receipts from the oper
ator at the Palace and later presented
a message to B. H. Lestock Gregory,
local • manager for the /Aetna, ¦ which
stated that Glldersleeve's wife was
dying at Springfield, Mass., and sum
moning him to come at once. On the
strength of this he asked Mr. Gregory
to advance him $300 for commissions
on premiums due him. This was re
fused and on March 10 he presented
another telegram of urgent character
and was advanced $300 from the per
sonal account of Mr. Gregory- •
On Monday. March 14, he left." osten
sibly for Springfield, but it ia* not be
lieved that he went there. He was first
heard from from the Manhattan Hotel,
New York, and is now connected with
the Mutual Life Company at Its Fifth
avenue branch, Windsor Arcade.-
Mr. Gregory said yesterday .' that the
fraudulent collections recited \ above
were the only , ones » that j had been re
ported. The company was: in no way
responsible for Glldersleeve'a factions,
as his services had terminated. The
blame for the losses was with the pol
icy holders, who accepted Gildersleeve's
personal ! receipts without ' assurance
that he. was still the company's agent
and . without . even , having hlni'. Indorse
their payments 'on "the notes. given, for
their premiums. Mr.' Gregory., said that
Gildersleeve came to him .with the best
of credentials and was a good agent. .
It was reported that Mr. Anspacher,
RECEIPTS ARE WORTHLESS.
J. Burt Gildersleeve, society man,
college graduate and life Insurance
agent, left San Francisco on March
14 last and in the light or recent dis
closures he will have no desire to re
turn to the exclusive circles that ad
mitted him here. It is only because
of the softheartedness of friends whom
he betrayed that the young man will
be spared the humiliation of facing a
criminal charge in the courts. They
say that he has been punished enough
and his career as an Insurance agent
will shortly end because his "unpro
fessional" acts in San Francisco • have
been reported in detail to every insur
ance company in America.
Gildersleeve had literary and athletic
tendencies and, besides being connect
ed with the editorship or the Chap
arral at Stanford, he was manager of
the university's football team two years
ago. He was a college man and had
married in the East before he came to
Stanford. After graduating from the
latter institution he entered the em
ploy of the Aetna Life Insurance Com
pany as a solicitor in this city. He
wrote policies for his friends, -class
mates and fraternity fellows' and they
say that he was a most persistent and
convincing solicitor. He continued as
agent for the Aetna ror about six
months, his services ending on March.
10 last.
J. BURT GILDERSLEEVE. WHO IS
SAID TO HAVE DEFRAUDED HIS
FRIENDS.
The annual election of directors of
the San Francisco Art Associaton will
be held at Mark Hopkins Institute
Tuesday, June 14, between 1 and 6
p. m. The annual meeting will be
held on the evening of the same day.
The business to be considered is the
proposed revision of the by-laws. The
ticket for directors is as follows: Wil
lis E. Davis, Louis Sloss. Lorenzo P.
Latimer. Henry Heyman. Horace G.
Platt, James D. Phelan, Newton J.
Tharp, Warren D. Clark, George W.
Turner, William G. Stafford and Van
derlyn Stow.
Art Association Will Meet.
A special dispatch to The Call from
Santa Rosa last evening said that
Judge Morrow's decision has caused
great rejoicing there among all classes.
The people are well satisfied with the
public water supply and believe that
their municipal prosperity would have
been retarded had the city lost the suit
and been mulcted in the damages
sought.
The city of Santa Rosa is furnish
ing water free to the inhabitants. The
expense of maintaining the supply is
being borne' by taxation.
Judge Morrow yesterday ordered
judgment to be entered in favor of
the city with costs.
The order was oral and no opinion
was handed down.
United States Circuit Judge Mor
row decided yesterday that the city of
Santa Rosa was not debarred from
competing with the Santa Rosa Water
Works in furnishing water to the in
habitants of that town. The water
company in a suit filed some months
ago sought to restrain the city from
supplying water to the citizens and
thereby ruining the business of the
company. It asked for a permanent
injunction against the municipality
and for $100,000 damages.
Council— David Starr Jordan, M. D., LU D.;
William -Penn Humphreys; William Au
gustus Brewer, D.D.; Colonel Charles Ravens
croft Greenleaf, U. 8. A.; William Evelyn
Hopkins, M. D. ; Right Rev. Joseph Horsfall
Johnson D.D.; Colonel William Russell Par
nell, U. S.'A.; John Casein Cantwell, U. S. R.
C. S., Mark Lawrence Requa; Rear Admiral
William Henry Whiting. U. S. N.; Fernando
Sanford, M. 8.; Commander -Jefferson Frank
lin Moser, U. S..N.
General Jacob B. Rawles presided
as toastmaster of the evening and
after a prayer by Rev. Arthur Crosby
toasts were, responded to in the fol
lowing order: "The Firing Line,"
General Charles A. Woodruff; "The
Navy," Captain John C. Cantwell;
"The Clergy in War Time." Rev. Wil
liam A. Brewer; "Our Companions,"
Archibald J. Treat.
An interesting incident of the even
ing was the bestowal of the society's
decoration upon Judge William H.
Taft, Secretary of War, as a tribute to
his personal sacrifice in declining the
appoinement to a life, position in the
United States Supreme Court shortly
after his visit to the Vatican in Rome
in order that he might carry out a
promise made to the natives of the
Philippines to devote his attention to
elevating them to a plane of citizen
ship that would eventually demand for
them recognition from the United
States Government. The honor was
conferred by a unanimous vote of the
society, of which he was also made
an honorary member.
Among those present at the banquet
were the following:
William P. Humphreys. R«v. W. A. Brewer,
Dr. Phillip King Brown. General J. B. Rawles,
C. G. Buck Colonel W. P. Parnell. Dr. Ar
thur Crosby, Frank E. Bostwick. James H.
Deerlng, Archibald J- Treat. J. P. Howard,
H. G. Stevenson. John E. McDowell. Fer
nando Sanford. Professor Angell, William H.
Jordan Captain John . C. Cantwell, F. A.
Reid, N. M. Moran.
Commander, Rear Admiral Henry Glass. V.
S. N. ; vice commanders — Brigadier General
Jacob Beekman Rawlest U. S. A.; Georga
Clement Perkins, United- State* Senator; re
corder, Howard Griffith Stevenson; genealo
gist. William ¦ Henry • Anderscon; registrar,
James Henry Deerlng; historian, John Ezra
McDowell; chancellor, 'William Henry Jordan;
chaplain, Arthur Crosby. D.D.; surgeon,
Phillip Kin* Brown. M. D. ; treasurer, Arch
ibald Jennings Treat; musical director. Charles
Gurdon Buck. ' •
. The '- Society of American Wars,
Commandery of the S£ate of Califor
nia, held its sixth annual banquet and
election In the conservatory of the
Palace^ Hotel last evening. The elec
tion, which preceded the banquet, re
sulted in the selection* of the follow
ing officers:
Pending Contract With a
Private Corporation Not
a Bar to Public Control
Patriotic Order Exhibits
Its Appreciation of the
Manly Spirit of His Act
STOET OF PHILIPPINES
COMPETITION IS LEGAL
At Palo Alto it was learned that
Glldersleeve's accounts as manager of
the football team showed no dis
crepancies, but his reputation in the
college town for paying bills was bad.
Unpaid debts aggregating $300 to $400
came to light yesterday.
When Gildersleeve came to San Fran
cisco he represented that he owned an
estate in the East, held in trust 'for
him. and it was known that his wife
possessed means. They lived for a time
at the Cumberland. Mrs. Gildersleeve
went East' to her .parents, and friends
say that they have separated.
While at Stanford, on his trips to this
city he- stopped at the Palace, and he
made that hotel his home after be
coming an insurance agent. It is report
ed that his room there was locked and
his effects held for payment of an over
due bill, but the Palace management de
clines to affirm or deny the story- While
there he did not display the attributes
of a "high liver," but those who know
of his personal habits declare that he
was something of a man about town
and was given to gambling, particu
larly on the races.
It is said that he borrowed $200 on a
worthless note from a Palo Alto friend.
one of the victims,: would prosecute Gll
derBleeve. Anspacher says this is un
true. "I % regret," said he, "that the
matter should be published. So far as
I am concerned I consider my differ
ence with Gildersleeve as settled, and
I bear, no grudge against him. I only
knew him as an insurance agent and
talked with him as a college man. I
found that he was a man with high lit
erary gifts and displayed great literary
tastes. He seemed to be more highly
developed from a literary standpoint
than the ordinary college graduate."
Another friend of. the man said that
he was -an anomaly in that he had as
sumed a very high moral position and
then descended to an. extremely low
level.
SAID TO HAVE MONEY.
Judge Morrow Decides That
Municipality May Fur
nish Its Water Supply
Society of American Wars
Votes Him a Decoration
for His Self - Sacrifice
JUDGMENT GIVEN
FOR SANTA ROSA
HIGH TRIBUTE
IS PAID TAFT
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL', FRIDAY, JUNE! 3, 1904.
Ex-Managerof Stanford Football Team and City Society Man
Said to Have Issued Worthless Receipts to Classmates
for Whomr^s Agent, He Wrote Life Insurance Policies
GILDERSLEEVE IS MOURNED
BY HIS VICTIMIZED FRIENDS
16
MARKS BROS.
We want you to keep on talking about us.
DOUBLE VALUE
DAY!
39* \j*£jj.9jt
WAIST as Blctured, fashioned In on* of
the smartest of the new season's styles.
Made of crepe and madras.' In brilliant
summer col'orlnss of figured and Btrlped
designs. All sites.
\
vl f B ' (OVfiR
FRENCH STTX.E CORSET COVER as
pictured made from an excellent quali-
ty of Lonsdale cambric. Trimmed with
two row* of Torchon Insertion. Armhole
and neck finished with ruffl» of lace.
-&0?§jiT];eR
A CHILD'S MIXED STRAW SAILOR, like
Illustration, la an ideal hat for school
and vacation wear, i All sizes.
' JA /V • illi~ilA
-¦•¦¦; .' f ¦ ' ' •'• ¦" •
LAWN KIMONA as J pictured, comes in
' figures, stripes and solid' colors. Made
with . the newest style, plaited back and
-' graceful , Klmona sleeves. ¦ .
MARKS BROS.
" The Home of. Honest Values,"
1220-1222-1224- Market St.
1/ ' --¦¦^-— -1 ¦ n - - 11- ¦ - r.-y^ c5
[ SPECIAL SALE of
CHILDREN'S and
MISSES' WHITE DRESSES
_ Brokeo-SI/es— Atfes 8 to 14 years.
/^^jjk e nave arranged an cx-
>^%L^QiC^^ ceptionally attractive sale for
<vh »*K^l^^i-x to-day and to-morrow. The
nc em^ races m ore than 50
1^5§^SH£r3!. I different styles • of CHIL-
&Z?$i£s$£&}U DREX'S and MISSES'
i£y#Q*S^ DRESSES and TWO-
/^7^^\ PIECE SUITS, made of
/ Jf\ V # , / j lawn and organdie ; hand-
HfeJ* j&L&Jm somely trimmed with laces,
4§vj&//jji\ w\ embroideries, insertions and
£J^%JjJ J, \^w ribbons. The style, make
j^^^l^*-***^^^ an<^ finish of the goods are
unequaled— entirely difTer-
<^nt from dresses generally
"^W^^^i*^ offered at special sales else-
\\B < %? r where ; and it is owing to the
la broken sizes that we have
Vj^^ reduced the prices so low.
B|^' Of the entire line we men-
™ tion only a few^ of the many
redactions — others are reduced in proportion.
$3-5° Values reduced to $200
S6jOO Values reduced to $4.00
$9.00 Values reduced to. $600
$7-5O Values reduced to $5-00
$12.50 Values reduced to $800
$15.50 Values reduced to $1000
$18.50 Values reduced to $13-50
$25.00 Values reduced to $15-00
$35.00 Values reduced to $25-00
Children's Headwear Dept.
. Large variety of CHILDREN'S STRAW and
WASH HATS for city or country wear. Prices at-
tractive.
• All our IMPORTED MODELS and FANCY
STRAW HATS are offered at a great reduction, in
price.
918-922 MARKET STREET
. ' • ...._'_ .... _ 1.1 ni I..I jnmnm.1 ¦¦ • . § i
¦ ' . 1 iiMiiwi intnnnw irt itW'nuiUMiil n '1 i .
yEW3iAx^ jt iigyiy sog._
learny and Satter Streets.
Store Open? 8:30 A. M., Closes 5:30 P. M.
| Special attractions For Friday
An Exceptional Sale of
Handsome Moire Silks
$2.00 to $2.50 Qualities— Upw $1.25 Yard
(First Floor JCearny f>t.)
Several hundred yards of the richest of high grade Black
Silks are in this offering, comprising Moire Francaise, Moire
Antique, Moire Faccone, Moire Pekin and Moire Soleil. The
styles are beautiful and include some novel designs that are
specially desirable for. Gowns, Long Coats, Capes with Stole
effects, Petticoats, etc. Silks that sell regularly at ffi f\r
J?2.oo to $2.50 per yard, special Friday only at 4> I -^ J
Remarkable Reduction Sale of
Ladies' Dress Skirts
For Friday Only
(Third FJoor Kearny St.)
We have a few Tailor-made Skirts left over from several
purchases which we offer at less than cost of materials. They
are perfect fitting garments, made of excellent quality
Cheviots, Broadcloths and Fancy Tweeds, in black, navy
blue, grays, oxfords and fancy mixtures. Some are trimmed
with silk bands, others are artistically stitched and corded.
Skirts that were heretofore $8.00, $9.00 and $ 10.00, cr aa
reduced to, each ~ *pJ.UU
Special Friday Offering in
Silk Mesh Gloves
(First Flooj Kearay St.)
We secured 840 pairs of these Stylish Silk Gloves
at a special price concession. They are in the pretty mesh
effect that is now so much in vogue, have two clasps and
neatly embroidered backs; colors are white, black, tan, mode
and gray. If bought in the regular way they could TC p
not be. sold for.Iess than $1.00 ; sale price Friday only /Ou
An Important Friday Sale of
Misses' Bathing Suits
(Third Floor Keariiy St.)
These are fine Flannel Bathing Suits, in navy blue and
red ; some with sailor and others with rolling collars, all
neatly trimmed with white braid ; regularly sold at e 1 or
$2.00, on sale Friday only at v • • "**
Ebony Brush and Comb Sets
At $1.00
(First Floor Satter St.)
Here is an excellent opportunity to obtain a good Hair
Brush and Comb at a low price. The Brushes are genuine
Ebony, with solid backs and eleven rows of pure white
bristles. The Combs are ebonized, of excellent .quality.
They are worth regularly $1.75 ; special price for Cl fin
Friday only, per set.: 4>I.UU
¦?<: ADVERTISEMENTS.
klGKANDSGREAM
Baby's Awful Suffering from
Eczema.
—
Could Rot Hold Her. She Tore
Her Face and Arsis.
Ciiticura Saved Her Life, So
Mother Says.
•« Wh«n lay little girl wu elx months
eld, ehe had eczena*.. We had need
cold creams and all kinds of remedies,
but nothing did her any good. In fact,
ehe kept getting worse. I nsed to
wrtp her hands op, and when I would
dre»« her. I had to put ber on th« table
for I coold not hold her. She wonld
kick and scream, and when ehe eonld,
she woold tear her face aad arms
almost to pieces. I used four boxes of
Cntlcora Ointment, two cakes of Cutl-
enra Soap, and gare her tb« Cotlcnra
Besotrcat, a&d ehe was cored, and I see
so traces of the hotaonr left. I can
tnxtkfetty say th*t they hare saved her
Ufa, aad any'one tnSering as she did, I
should adTis« them to gire Cmticnra a
f*lr trial." MRS. O. A. CONRAD, Lls-
. ben, N. H., Feb. 7, 18J8.
Tire years later, rii., Feb. 23, 1903,
Mrs. Coorad writes :
' "It Is with pleasure that I ca«
Isfora yon that tie core has been per-
Btaesrt as It is bow six years since she
was cured, aad there has b»en no reUrm
*t the disease sisie«, and I hare advised
a lot of friends to nse t*« Cnticnxa
Beaedles la a3 diseases of the skia."
I is Us t relief and refreshing steep for
skla-torttrred babie*, and rest for tired,
fretted mothers, la warm baths with
Cntie*ra Soap and gentle anointings
with Cstkxra Otatatent, tbe great skin;
cere and porect of emosUeots, to bs
f ottow«d to severe eases by mild doses
of Cnticnra Resolvent. This Is the
perm, sweetest, most speedy, per-
manent sad economical treatment for
torturing, disfiguring. Itching, burning,
bleeding, scaly, crusted and pimply
skin and scalp humours, eczemas,
rashes and Irritations.
¦•U emitnl «M wmM. C«ttw Kim! lit. Ih.
o-xaMl mm.. »o«f **• »4r W: k""* 0 *' r ****"•
;«!«'¦ T*Z-br* t * Ctau Or*. M* Trv*A*mn.
»«« u. - cWferast asia »mL*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f Give f
jL More Good Tea Jl.
More Good Xoffee
More Good Spices
More Coupons
More Pretty Premiums
« Watch Our #
f. Stores. Jjk
Prices Talk. I
It Pays to Trade Jv
? . : -- AT . V'
Great Americaa Importing Tea Co's
Stores aw Thjrf
861 Market 210 Grant are. 1419 Polk
140 Sixth , 1819 Devisadero 705 Larkin
475Hai»ht 8006 Sixteenth 355 Hayes
3285 MiMion 621 MontcV are. 52 Market
2008FiUmora 2516 Mission 146 Ninth
366 Third 469 Fourth . . 2732 34th
¦ wtSM A w ''1 Ii > ~7 1 £"'3 W^X v
I FSV JBL TkI KRk P^rl 3f mfStj^.
1 p£y ** \l tjjs J KTSti £f*~'£T\ I
PBESEBVIJTO KITCHErT O7X3TS.
First fruits ! of the season ar<» now b«!nc
converted Into Jams aad Jellies In our Utcben.
Taylor- street store. *
JELLT GLASSES, dozen 23c.
AI.I.-CBEAMS 3 cams 25c
Large, tall size.
WE PACK BUTTER FOR WINTER U3m.
Fresh Batter gS 30c
Where el«e can you biir good btrtter at this
price?
BROKEN J. & M. COFFEE. 3 lbs. 30c.
ZrZTW BtTBBAJTX POTATOES
12 llHi 25C
Good. ripe, large potatoes^ .
KONA COFFEE. 2 lbs. 35c.
BEST SUGAB pound SfiC
• Pure cane — the only Xlnd for preaerring.
50c TEA3. all kinds. 3 lbs. II. ;
sweet wUfJSS gallon 65c
Six-Tear-old Port. Sherry. RI#*Ilng. ZlnfandeL a
.-.¦¦.. Well worth <1.
ALL TELESCOPE BASKETS at M eff.
HOESEHOE WHISHT*. .... bottla 55c
Quart bottle of 80c whisky our leader.
OLD GOVERNMENT WHISKY 75c.
KAPA CItASST rallon 35c
Excellent ripe table wine. Usually SOc.
SATT7XOAT ZTXaHT OITIiT, ~"
AX.Ii BEST BBA2TDS PLOUE
SO-lb sacks 81. IS
Ona-sack limit.
119 TAYLOR STREET.
1001 F1LLMORE ST.
I " Van Vroom" L
m DENTAL PARLORS H
|| SIXTH and MARKET U
PEREMPTORY ASSIGNEES' SALE
.t s n d r £»
GOODS. SHIRT WAISTS. FIXTURES ETC..
to be *oM a» a whole and contained m B*r-
nar£> "Wcyr,. 72 GKARY ST. which has
been 'assigned to the undersigned for the bene-
fit of creditors. Inventory now ready an<t
open fer Inspection at the abov* premise*. All
blda must be accompanied with check for 10
p*r cent of sum bid and filed at th- law office
of Messrs. Voeelsan* & Brown, room 23. sev-
enth floor. Mills bulKim*. The riBht Is here-
by reserved to r'Ject any and all bids. Terms
strictly canh. United States gold cnir. l>.
HAMBURGER R. J- CO11K.V, assignees.
CASTOR I A
Fox Infants and Children.
He Kind You Have Always Souglti
Bears tta Sjj? , ZZSJ-*-* 1^
Signature of Lfr&St/ZT&CcKtAZ