PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAYr, JUNE IS, 1904.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. IS.®
TH3 WEATHEE.
X"c recast maCe c* San Fran
cUco for thirty es.Aing
milaiffhS, Jaac 13:
San Francises ail vicinity —
Fair Satzfd&y, except fosriry in
the morninsr; fxeei northwest
¦wind. G. z. wxxj^sair.
ZmOZ^I YOZZCBMttX.
Temporarily In Ciarffa.
Vladivostok Squadron Escapes Pursuing
Japanese Fleet andyjs Sighted in the
SAN JOSE, June 17.— W. J. Thomp
son of San Francisco, a brakeman on
the Southern Pacific line, was run into
and instantly killed to-day by the
Bunker Hill excursion train "at Los
Gatos.
RallronrtTjrakeiiKm Killed.
In the first section Mis3 Kearey
Thomas, president of the Bryn Mav.r
'College, spoke on "The University
Education of Women in the United
Ftates." The second section discussed
"Women's Work, Art. Literature and
Journalism." T'Irfi. Alice Horne of the
Utah Lejrlslriture described the art
work of women in Utah schools. Mrs.
Carrie Chepman Catt of Wyoming
apokt on "The Progress of Women in
American Churches and Denomina
tions."
BERLIN", June 17. — In the first and
second sections, of the Woman's Con
press to-day university study for
women vrn* discussed by representa
tives of Germany, the United States.
Great Britain, France end Denmark.
WOMAN'S WORK DISCUSSED
BEFORE BERLIN CONGRESS
The concern was strictly a private
bank, having no directors. Kellogg
claimed to the depositors that he was
secured by an indemnity bond. Banks
of this character are not examined by
State or Federal officials.
A meeting of a number of depositors
of the bank was held thl3 afternoon.
All moneys received by the cashier on
the 14th, which was the last day the
bank was open, were returned to de
po&itors. A committee was appointed
to examine the books, moneys and se
curities and to report next Monday.
So far as can be ascertained, here Is
no shortage.
The general belief Is that Kellogg,
having become tired of the. banking
business in Cleelum, simply threw up
his hands, leaving Cashier Sasse to
straighten out the accounts.
TACOMA, Wash., June 17.— James A.
Kellogg, who has been running a pri
vate bank at Cleelum, disappeared
Tuesday after closing the bank for the
day. ; ; i >'; '
Special Dispatch to Th» Call,
Banker at Cleelum, Washing
ton, Is Weary and Disap
pears Without Explanation
LEAVES FUNDS
TO DEPOSITORS
Dispute Over a Bill at Rich Gulch
Results In a Munier by
a Cowboy.
MOKELUMNE HILL, June 17.—
About 10 o'clock Friday night a courier
named B. M. Hawver arrived from
Rich Gulch and reported to the authori
ties that Fred Johns, known as "Mon
tana Cowboy," Ehot and killed Tom
Evans, a bartender employed In the
Rich Gulch Hotel, who is a son-in-law
of the proprietor of the hostelry. The
trouble arose over a hotel bill. After a
dispute, which occurred at 2 o'clock,
Johns left and went to Mokelumne Hill
on horseback, returning at 9:20. He
Fhot his victim through a window, the
ball taking effect in the brain. The
hotel proprietor thereupon took a shot
at the asailant, wounding him in the
shoulder. The assailant mounted a
horse and went to Mineral station, two
miles distant. He is suffering from his
wound.
FIRES INTO HOTEL
AXD KILLS BARKEEPER
To prevent any failure of perfect
contact by the electrode with the scalp,
the hair of condemned men's heads will
hereafter be wholly shaved. Hereto
fore only patches of hair about the size
of the electrode have been removed.
Schilter was pronounced dead twice,
but It took a third shocle to kill him.
After the second shock Schilter's body
was unstrapped and laid on 'the floor
of the execution room. The group of
spectators was dispersing when the
physicians discovered that Schilter was
breathing. The prison warden was
hastily summoned and Schilter was re
strapped to the chair and a current of
1800 volts was Introduced into his body
for a full minute. He was then really
dead.
The first shock of 1750 volts was
applied for fifty-three seconds. He was
pronounced dead by four physicians,
but they had hardly rendered their
opinion when Schilter's breathing was
detected. A current of the same volt
age was applied for forty seconds and
again the physicians were deceived.
The physicians declare .the failure to
cause death by the first two shocks
was due to the wonderful resistance
of the murderer to electricity.
A test of the electrical apparatus was
made at 10 o'clock this morning and
the appliances were found to be satis
factory. ,
COLUMBUS, Ohio. June 17.— One of
the most remarkable and at the same
time the most bungling electrocutions
in the history of the State took place
between midnight and half past twelve
o'clock this morning, when Michael G.
Schilter, wife murderer of Youngs
town was put to- death by' degrees at
the Ohio i—nitentiary. '. i ' ~-
FrcclaJ Dispatch to The Call.
The authorities express the hope
that Perdicaris and Varley will reach
Tangier on Monday next.
WASHINGTON. June 17. — Consul
General Gummere at Tangier has
cabled to the State Department that
he has received a second letter from
the Grand Vizier repeatingthe Sultan's
regrets at the Perdicaris outrage and
stating that orders have been given
to grant Raissouli's demands in order
to secure the' release of the captives.
"This afternoon to our surprise."
he ¦wires, "there appeared two vessels
from Casa Blar.ca, from which were
landed a force of 400 men. These
men form a part of a detachment
which has been near Casa Blanca for
six months. Their appearance at this
time embarrasses the situation, as the
troops here had just been disbanded
in compliance with the demands »f
Raissouli."
News has been sent to Raissouli,
through the Shereef of Bazzan, that all
his demands have been complied with.
The authorities hope that the landing
of some Moorish troops here yesterday
will not upset the arrangements*t!ind
this is now the only thing which
threatens difficulties. As stated in
these dispatches yesterday, these
troops are of the worst type, and
though they were ostensibly sent by
the Sultan for the protection of Euro
peans, the residents of the city con
tinue uneasy because the troops have
no discipline whatever and endanger
life end property.
A British steamer is momentarily
expected with the remainder of Rais
fouli's followers who were imprisoned
ct Larache.
TANGIER, June 17. — Mohammed El
Torres, representative of the Sultan of
Morocco, has caused the arrest of
Fheiks Renim and Sahuer, as de
manded by RaissoulL The amount of
the ransom demanded by the bandit
chief for the release of Perdicaris and
Yarley is ready". RaissoTjli's answer is
expected at the end of the week.
Prisoner Succumbs to Shock Only After
He Has Been Thrice Strapped in
the Electric Chair.
Acthcrities Hope That the Landing of
Moorish Troops Will Not Cause Any
New Dfficulties.
Expects tlie Kidnaped Men
to Reach Tangier on
Monday Next
Revives Twice. After Being
Declared Dead by
Medicos.
Sultan Complies With
tlie Demands of
the Bandit.
Uxoflcide's Vitality
Surprises Pour
Doctors.
RAISSOULI
TO BE PAID
BIG RANSOM
MURDERER
MEETS WITH
SLOW DEATH
LONDON, June 18. — A correspondent of the Daily Chronicle at Yinkow, in a dispatch dated June 17, says that General Kuropatkin left Liaoyang on *
Wednesday to assume command of the army operating toward Port" Arthur. fi , . ¦;•- ~ v - " """ v "- V
The Daily Mail's Newchwang correspondent says: ('The advanced guards I. of General Kuroki's army are colliding with the Russian forces fifteen miles
south of Tashichao." The Daily Mail in an editorial says it thinks the correspondent is mistaken and that the force is a fresh Japanese army under General
Nodsu moving from Siuyen to intercept General Stakelberg's retreat. x ¦>
KUROPATKIN TO DIRECT PORT ARTHUR RELIEF FORCES
FORT JONES, June 17.— H. E.
Trimble, an engineer" who has been
employed at the Jones saw mill In
Quartz Valley, committed suicide to
day by shooting himself In the head.
Trimble was sitting by the side of his
wife on. a bed when he shot himself.
The -widow and five small children are
almost destitute. -• •-.....
SHOOTS HIMSELF, DEAD
IN PRESENCE OF WIFE
NEW YORK. June 17. — After an
operation for appendicitis yesterday.
Miss Dorothy Whitney, youngest
daughter of the late W. C. Whitney,
was said last night to be in a favor
able condition. The ' operation was
performed at the home of her brother,
Harry Payne Whitney, at 2 West Fif
ty-seventh street, by Dr. Andrew J.
McCosh, assisted by Dr. Clarence A. R.
McWllliams.
"Miss Whitney is resting well," said
Dr.- McCosh last night, "and every
thing points to. her recovery. Of course
she is not yet absolutely out of dan
ger."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Daughter of Late William
C. Whitney Undergoes Op
eration at Home of Brother
APPENDICITIS
ATTACKS BELLE
"This," the paper adds, "sufficiently
characterizes the dastardly nature of
the deed."
The Sviet remarks: "The commission
of the crime in the highest government
building in Finland, where the Czar
would justly regard himself as abso
lutely safe, has incensed the whole of
thinking Russia. Bobrikoff was gentle,
noble and condescending, and of un
blemished morality. His only enemies
were Russia's enemies."
The Llstok says: "The crime can
evoke nothing but the deepest censure
in Russia, as well as in Finland, where
the royal section will understand its
senselessness. It is hoped that com
mon sense will get the upper hand of
the propaganda which Is pushing the
country."
The Governor General of "Warsaw was
stricken with paralysis whan informed
of the death of Governor General Bob
rikoff.
HELSINGERFOS, Finland, June 17.
— General Bobrikoff, Governor General
of Finland, who was shot yesterday
morning at the entrance t<> the Sen
ate, died at 1 o'clock this morning. The
people are calm and there is no ex
citement.
A requiem mass was celebrated In
the Governor's palace during the day^
for the of, the soul of General'
Bobrikoff.- It' *ras 'attended by the
Russian officials. A small crowd of
Finns • assembled \ outside the build
ing. ¦. . ¦ ¦ .
In order to maintain public tranquill
ity the authorities have established a
strict press censorship.
ST. PETERSBURG. June 17.— The
assassination of General Bobrikoff has
stirred up a great sensation and is
temporarily absorbing interest from
the war. The papers are filled with ex
tended biographies of the deceased, de
tailing the difficulties of his office, edi
torials denunciatory of the crime and
comments on the conditions in Fin
land. The Novoe Vremya says that
Bobrikoff, as the representative of the
supreme authority in Finland, proved
himself to be a stout, honest defender
of Russia's imperial interests.
Statements were made to the Cor
oner to-day by several of the steam
boat employes, who will appear as wit
nesses at the Inquest, that the captain
of the Slocum sailed his boat between
three and four miles after the fir»
broke out before beaching her. Several
watches showed that more than half
an hour elapsed from the breaking out
of the fire until the boat was run
ashore. All the watches taken from
the bodies of the drowned stopped be
tween 10:10 and 10:20 in the morning.
Estimates as to the number of dead
still greatly vary and this may be ac
counted for by reason of the fallura
to report to the proper authorities on
the part of many who, although offi
cially registered as missing, were la
reality saved.
BURIAL. OP THE VICTIMS.
Already 559 bodies have been recov*
erea, of which about fifty remain un
identified. These include 273 children^
243 women and 23 men. Thirteen offi
cers of St. Mark's Church ars
among the dead, one of them being a
woman.
The first funeral from among the vic
tims was held to-day. It was that of
a young girl, who is believed to have
died of fright. No signs of death from
burning or drowning were found. Her
funeral was followed by a score of
others which were attended by thou
sands of persons from the East Side,
where most of the dead lived. To
morrow there will be 500 or mc/re fun
erals and 32 unrecognized bodies will
be placed each In a separate coffin and
In a separate hearse and laid away in
the Lutheran Cemetery at Middle Vil
lage, L. L The city has arranged for
their burial a plat large enough for
the burial of 330 bodies having been
set aside in this cemetery. All the un-
Secretary Cortelyou of the Depart
ment of Commerce and I-afccr will
personally undertake the investigation
into the disaster on behalf of the Gov
ernment. District Attorney Jerome's
assistants are working energetically en
the case, and officers of the Cor
oner's office have made eonsitlarabl3
progress in the gathering of evidenca
to b*>. presented on Monday, when the
Coroner's inquiry will begin.
There is in the Coroner's possession
a standpipe. taken by his direction by
a diver from the submerged wreck.
The valve of the pipe is closed tight,
hinting that no use was mr.de of this
pipe in fighting the fire on the Slocum.
INQUIRY BY GOVERNMENT.
companies and the wrecking company
failed to agree on terms, and if 'the
boat is raised at all the cost probably
will come out at the city treasury.
At this conference it was announced
that the Knickerbocker Steamboat
Company, which owns the General Slo
cum, had resigned all claims to th»
boat on the agreement that it should
receive $70,000, the amount for which
the boat was insured. Tha insurance
NEW TORK, June 17.— Despite thn
untiring work of divers and grapplera
and the watchfulness of scores of men
who have given themselves over to tho
task of searching for the missing, few
bodies of those who perished in the
Slocum disaster were recovered to-day.
It was said by divers who went down
into the ' • wreck at dawn that there
were many bodies under the entangle
ment of timbers and paddle wheels,
and that it would be necessary to dy
namite the hulk or raise it before
they could be reached. To this en^l
city officers communicated with a
wrecking company, and an announce
ment was made that the company
would undertake the work cf bringir.;;
the wreck to the surface: Later, how
ever, a conference between the marina
Insurance companies and the wrecking
company ended in a disagreement,
with the result that for the present
at leasl the matter is in abeyance.
Dead Man's Traits Are Landed and
Requiem Mass Is Held for the
Repose of His Soul
Say That It WiU Be Necessary to
Dynamite or Raise the Hoik Before
They Can Be Recovered.
Murder ol the Official ; Is
Bitterly Condemned by
t&e Public.
Divers Report That Many
Bodies Are in Wreck
ol tlie SIocqih.
Secretary to Direct
Inquiry for the Gov
ernment.
PromptMeasuresAre
Used to Quiet
People.
ASSASSIN'S
SHOT KILLS
BOBRIKOFF
CORTEL YOU
TO PROBE
DISASTER
Continued on Paso 2* Column 4.
more than 200 machine and . mountain
guns in the field. and that these were
admirably adapted for use in . such
mountainous districts, while the Rus
sian field guns were too heavy and
were otherwise unsuitable. •„ ' ¦ .
Correspondents /with the Japanese
.first army report that there is, little
change In %he situation and that only
skirmishes .^re taking place. i;;^';
The correspondent of -the Standard
describes' the country between Feng
wang-cheng - and Maotien Pass as
having as many mountains as a plowed
field has furrows. indicates' that the
center of the column advancing toward
Maotien Pass is, making car.eful prepa
rations every foot of the way, soas.to
insure mobility and to' meet a possible
Russian incursion' from the -north.
ST. i PETERSBURG, June 17. — The
news of the result ,of . the battle at
Vafangow reached the morning papers
too late to 'allow *_ of comment. The
LONDON, June 18. — All accounts
agree on the- great superiority of the
Japanese guns and "'the handling of
them in the battle of Vafangow. One
account says that the Japanese had
General Nodsu's army is resting at
Vafangow and is not expected to ad
vance for a couple of days.
The advance of General Kurokl's
forces beyond Siuyen to cut off Stakel
berg's troops is not causing apprehen
sion. SChe correspondent of the Asso
ciated Press is informed on good au
thority that a strong Russian force has
been concentrated between Klachou
and Halcheng to cover Stakelberg's re
treat.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 17.—Gen
eral Stakelberg telegraphs from Vant
sialin that his army is resting there.
His casualties have not yet been defi
nitely ascertained.
public seems to accept the result
stoically and Is content that the Rus
sians made a gallant and stubborn
fight until the arrival of fresh bat
talions of the enemy compelled General
Stakelberg's \ troops, weary and ex
hausted with three days' hard fighting,
to give way. ?
Invalid Russ points out that the
Japanese had to give up the attack on
the Russian ieft and, with all their re
serves concentrated, only succeeded in
crushing the Russian right after a
whole day's fighting.
A special dispatch from Liaoyang
containsthe first' Russian "estimate of
General • Stakelberg's losses, placing
them at 1000 men and twenty officers. [
, .The. same dispatch, says Stakelberg
had .assumed the offensive when the
Japanese reinforcements. came up. j
The present situation is not clear,'
TOKIO, June '17, 3:30 p. m — The steamer Katsuno wns sunk off, Mojl last night as a result of collid
ing with the steamer Yamatoken. Both vessels were on their way to rescue the survivors of the transports
Hitachi and Sado.
NEWCHWANG, Jnnc 17. — Two Greek refugees report a landing of Japanese in force a few miles south
of Kaichou and a stiff fight southeast of that piace yesterday (Thursday) afternoon. The Chinese report that
some wounded Russians have been sent toward Mukden by train.
¦ • * — ; — - — ; — ' «
TOKIO, June 18. — The Vladivostok squadron was sighted in the western entrance of the Tsugaru Straits
at 5:30 a. m. It is thought the squadron will return to Vladivostok to-day. The whereabouts of the pursu
ing Japanese fleet is unknown.
GEXSAX, via Seoul, June 17.— An engagement is reported to have taken place at Magankal Pass, twenty
flve miles west of this place.
Japanese reinforcements from Pingyang are bonnd here. Two hundred additional Russians have arrived
at Kowan, whence the Korean magistrate fled to take refuse here.
Special Dispatch to The Coll.
Greek Refugees Arrive at Newchwang and Report That a Stiff Fight
Occurred on Thursday at a Point Southeast of Kaichou.
DISTINGUISHED OFFICER Or THE MIKADO'S FORCES. WHO HAS WON WORLD-WIDE RENOWN AS AN ORGANIZER
AND A FIGHTER. AND WHO COMMANDS . THE RESPECT AND CONFIDENCE OK THE MEN HE IS NOW LEADING
AGAINST THE SOLDIERS OF THE CZAR.
Continued on Pago 4, Column S* - A
Alcazar — "Chnrley'B Aftst."
California — "Secret Service."
Central — "The Octoroon."
Columbia — "The Proud Prince."
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Fischer's — "TT. S."
Grand — "Dn Barry."
Crpheum — Vaudeville.
Matinees at All Theaters To-Day.
THE THE ATEKS.
The San Francisco Call.ST. LOUIS, June 17.— The condition
of Miss 'Annie Wootdward of Santa
Barbara, Cal., who was bruised late
last night by the collision of a car
riage with a Delmar trolley car, has
greatly improved. She will, »it is ex
pected, be about again /in a few days.
Bliss Woodward Improving.
WILLOWS. June 17.— W..F. Miller,
Marsh Miller, and • Joseph Shockley,
comprising the firm of W. Frank Mil
ler & Co. of Butte City, decided to dis
solve partnership, but being unable to
arrange satisfactory terms of disso
lution, they have applied for the ap
pointment of a receiver. The firm is
the largest mercantile house irt east
ern Glenn County. ;
Partners Want to Dissolve.
Peirce is inspecting the American
consular service in the Far East.
TOKIO," June . 17.— Herbert H. D.
Peirce, Third Assistant ' Secretary of
State of the United States, and Mrs.
Peirce were received to-day - by Baron
Komura, the Japanese Foreign Minister,
and dined with the Baron to-night.
Assistant -.Secretary Peirce and Wife
, Arc"' Entertained 'at Tokio.
DINE WITH BARON KOMURA.
Rudolf Speck, secretary-treasurer of
the Brewery Drivers' Union, delegate
to the Labor Council and member
of the Stablemen's Union, was re
moved from his several positions and
expelled from the Labor Council last
night as a result of alleged misapprop
riation of the union's funds.
The striking freight handlers have
failed to reach an agreement with their
employers and the non-union men are
still at work. The police force in the
striking district has been lessened. The
strikers' headquarters are closed, but
their pickets are still making their
rounds.
r — : i
Striking Freight Handlers Still at
Oiits With Employers and Non
t Union Men Retain Jobs.
LABOR AGITATOR REMOVED
t; FROM TRUSTED POSITIONS
GOOD CROPS IN KOREA.
Many Natives Formerly Employed on
Tran.si)orts Return to Fields.
SEOUL. Korea, June 17, 4 p. m.— A
Japanese official who has completed a
tour of investigation of Northern
Korea reports that the crop prospects
are unexpectedly favorable. The na
tives heretofore employed as transport
coolies did not accompany the Japan
ese army into Manchuria, but returned
to the fields.
The prejudice against war notes is
decreasing as the importation of silver
renders it always possible to redeem
the notes at face value.
M. Haglwara. Japanese Charge d'Af
faires in the absence of Minister Ha
yashi, who has gone to Japan, has re
quested the Korean Foreign Office to
take action in the matter of circulars,
recently distributed, urging an anti-
Japanese rising.
Cannonading Heard Off the Coast.
TOKIO. June 17.— A report has been
received here from the Police Station
at Saga, near Sasebo, saying that
Rounds of cannonading have been heard
off the coast.
It is possible that a Japanese fleet
has met the Russians.
FIRE ON THE COSSACKS.
.Minister of Interior Receives Report
of Recent Riot at Warsaw.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 17.— The
Ministry of the Interior has issued the
following statement in regard to the
disturbances at Warsaw in May:
"A crowd assembled to watch a fire
May 13. The people refused to disperse
when the police ordered them to do so.
A few Cossacks were called out and
were greeted with stones and shots
from revolvers. The Cossacks replied
with a volley, killing one man and
wounding six. Twenty Cossacks and
police were injured by stones."
The California Society of the Sons
of the American Revolution com
memorated Bunker Hill anniversary
with a banquet at the Occidental
Hotel last evening. Colonel A. D. Cut
ler presided at the function, which
was largely attended. Speeches dhd
songs made up the programme of the
evening. .
Judge* Henry C. Dibble delivered the
response to the toast, "The Battle of
Bunker Hill," and was followed by
Edgar Hills Adams, who. recited
Holmes' poem, "Grandmother's Story
of the Battle." A toast to General
Warren was answered by Reginald H.
Webster and "The Three British Of
ficers" was the theme of Colonel
Charles A. Coolidge's address., The
concluding speech of the evening was
delivered by John A. Hosmer, who elo
quently eulogized General Putnam.
Sons of American' Revolution Show
Patriotism at Banquet.
HEROES ARE EULOGIZED.
SEOUL, Korea, June 17.— The Japan
ese Government, has commenced the
wrecking of the steamer Sungari, which
was destroyed at Chemulpo by the
Russians at the beginning of hostil
ities. The Mitsu Blshl Company has
secured the contract for the work and
an American named Koen is in charge
of the operations. The Sugari was gut
ted by fire and some of her lighter
works were warped by the heat, but
otherwise she did not sustain much
damage. It is hoped that she can be
raised in two months.
. It is expected, that the work of
wrecking the Russian cruiser Variag,
which has been proceeding slowly, will
be turned over to this same company.
The Variag was lost at the same time
as the Sungari. " .
Nothing but the brass work of the
gunboat Koreitz. the third vessel de
stroyed by the Russians at Chemulpo,
can be saved.
Japanese Government Hopes to Save
the .Sungari and Variag.
BEGINS WORK OF WRECKING.
NAGASAKI. June 17, 4 p. m.-Seven
ty-three survivor B from the transport
Eado arrived here to-day. They
escaped in a water boat and contrived
a sail from their clothing. They met
a British steamer off the Island of Iki
at 5 o'clock yesterday and were towed
to a point near Nagasaki. The surviv
ors say that the Sado's engines were
disabled after a fow shots had been
fired by the Russians. When the sur
vivors left the scene the Hitachi was
sU!l afloat.
Arrive at Nagasaki.
Survivors From the Transport Sado
ESCAPE IX WATER BOAT.
ST. PETERSBURG. June 17.-A dis
rstch rooeived from Vladivostok to-day
Khows that the commander there is
Kitting rid of the remaining civilian
X-npuIation. This strengthens the belief
that preparations are being made at
Vladivostok for the reception of Rear
Admiral Wittsoef's squadron when it
comes out of Port Arthur, and that
active operations against the city are
imminent. The dispatch does not men
tion the Vladivostok division. The Ad
miralty denies knowledge of the where
abouts of the Vladivostok squadron
VLADIVOSTOK, June 17.— The com
mander of the fortress. General Lav
roff, has issued an order warning all
civilians to make immediate provision
to send their families into the interior,
bo as to avoid peremptory expulsion at
a moment of sudden necessity. There
ere 3000 women and children here
Chilians to Ijeave for Interior.
Commander at Vladivostok Warns
PREPARING FOR ATTACK.
After the Chinese were ordered to
leave the Russian stronghold the Rus
sian authorities commandeered all the
provisions and cattle In town.
The refugees believe the Russians
will not be able to hold out against the
Japanese, and say that they are pre
paring to destroy Port Arthur.
Several Chinese from Dalny have also
arrived ht?re, but they are without
knowledge of the result of the reported
fighting around Port Arthur. They
say that fully one hundred and fifty
thousand Japanese, including coolie
carriers, have been landed on the Liao
tung peninsula.
CHEFU, June 17.— Two thousand
Chinese, mostly small merchants, ar
rived here to-day in junks from Port
Arthur.
Destroy Port Arthur.
Say Preparations Are Helng Made to
REFUGEES REACH CHEFU.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA. June 17. —
The recent fall of fourteen inches of
rain in five hours accompanying a
hurricane has resulted in the death of
more than 100 persops. The most se
vere loss was at the village of El
Cobre, where some sixty persons were
drowned. The river rose rapidly, de
stroying the lower part of the village.
Bodies were carried eight miles to the
bay. Thirty bodies were recovered.
Six persons were drowned at Daiquiri,
fourteen at El Caney and many in the
surrounding country. The list is still
incomplete. All the bridges at Cobre,
several at Daiquiri and four of the
Central Railroad's bridges and miles
of the track have been destroyed.
Irf the wreck of the relief train at
Moron two employes were killed.
No trains arrived fro-m Saturday to
Thursday and all the telegraph lines
and cables are interrupted. One hun
dred and fifty houses were destroyed
or damaged in Santiago and five per
sons lost their lives. In and about
Santiago the property loss is enormous
at the mines, on the railroads and in
cattle and merchandise.
The weather has been fair since
yesterday morning.
Ever since the association was
formed this one labor organization has
been Its chief stumbling block. Owing
to their strategic position the drivers
have been able 'to force "closed shop"
agreements In almost every case. They
also have secured repeated wage in
creases.
1 A principle of the association is the
"open shop." With the exception of
two or three, however, all agreements
signed in the year with the union pro
vide for the exclusive employment of
its members. J
The resolution .follows:
"Resolved. That thi3 association in
structs its members to refuse to sign
any exclusive union or 'closed shop.'
contracts with any local of the Team
sters' Union and that no contract of
any sort be signed with them which
shall extend beyond or expire after
May 1, 1905."
CHICAGO, June 17. — The Employ
ers' Association of Chicago has set
May 1, 1905, as the date for a general
contest with the Teamsters' Union. A
resolution carrying this decision, re
cently passed by the executive board,
has just been made public. The or
ganization in the meantime will pre
pare for the struggle:
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind.. June 17.— A
cablegram to the Indianapolis News
from Stanley Washburn, special war
correspondent of the Chicago News at
Chefu, says that Hector Fuller, staff
war correspondent of the Indianapolis
News, has been captured by four Rus
sian soldiers and taken to Port Arthur.
Fuller was blindfolded and placed in
prison.
The State Department at Washington
was notified last Wednesday that Ful
ler, who started from Chefu m an open
boat with two Chinese oarsn^en for Port
Arthur, had landed in the vicinity of
the latter city about June 12.
WASHINGTON, June 17.— The State
Department has received the following
reply from Minister Griscom at Tokio
in response to its inquiry regarding the
disappearance of Hector Fuller, the In
dianapolis war correspondent:
"Washburn of Chicago News states
that Fuller was arr«sted at Port Arthur
on the 13th inst."
Russian Soldiers Place Him in Prison
at Port Arthur.
CORRESPONDENT IN JAIL.
As these boats move along, the mo
tion of the long oars resemble the
legs of the Chinese dragon, and the
rowers rise and stand in their seats,
thus completing the resemblance to
the dragon's body. A drummer accom
panies each boat to beat time.
A peculiar preparation of hulled rice,
soaked in lye and wrapped In palm
leaves, is thrown out to the hungry
fishes, | so that they may be induced
to restrain their appetites and not feast
upon the remains' of the drowned hero.
It Is called "chung," which is a pun
on the Chinese word for faithfulness,
which is "chung" also. In all the
grocery stores in Chinatown piles of
"chung" have been exposed for sale
for a week past, and the small boy
has held a feast on his own account,
•regardless of the fishes.
Here and there may be found a few
faithful hearts who remember the
legend, and repeat as the boats rush
past:
"Wat Yuen chi nik shuie: Tuen
yeung king to. Wat Perfection haa
jumped into the water. Who arrives
first to rescue him."
Yesterday all Chinatown celebrated
the Dragon Boat festival. Feasts were
served in the public restaurants and
private homes and last night the larg
est restaurant in the quarter was the
scene of j great festivity. At the res
taurant the Chinese Military Corps was
entertained by the Sheung Mo Hok
Tong Military Association. Speeches
by Wong Kim, Dr. Gardiner. Major
Falkenberg and others were followed
by the presentation of the- Chinese
dragon flag and the Stars and Stripes
by Dr. Gardiner to the Sheung Mo
Hok Tong Military Association. . Toasts
to the Emperor Kwang-Su, President
Roosevelt, Wong Kim, the organizer;
Chan Kei, the president; and to the
cueless Chinese of San Francisco.
The holiday is one of the most noted
in the Chinese calendar. The legend
of the dragon boat runs as follows:
Many years ago Wat Yuen, a loyal
hearted noble of the Celestial kingdom,
who had served his country and sov
ereign faithfully, was forgotten when
the royal favors were dispensed. Later
when his services were recalled to the
memory of the King, he was ordered
to the palace to receive his reward.
But he had learned not to put his
trust in princes, and rather than accept
the belated kindness he threw, himself
into the river. So, full of admiration
for this unprecedented act of humility,
the anniversary of the same was set
apart as a national holiday, and the
fifth day of the fifth month is observed
by the patriotic Cllnamen throughout
the world.
In order to rescue his corpse from
the fishes, long boats are manned by
many men, and the first to arrive at
.the goal is supposed to be the fortun
ate savior.
Incomplete List Contains
Names of More Than One
Hundred Victims' of Storm
Association Orders Members
to Sign No Contracts Ex
tending Beyond May 1
PREPARING CAMPAIGN
Much of Its Significance
Lost by Being Brought to
Chinese Born in America
CUSTO3I CENTURIES OLD
Chicago Employers Give No
tice That They^Will Begin
War on Teamsters' Union
SIXTY DIE AT EL COBRE
Recent Heavy Eain in Cuba
/Inundates Villages and
Causes Heavy Loss of Life
PRESIDENT AND MOODY
TALK ABOUT CHANGES
Secretary of the Navy May Not Take
Knox's Place Until After
July.
WASHINGTON, June 17.— Secretary
Moody returned to Washington thi»
morning from Massachusetts, where he
has been for several days, and had con
ference with the President and Attor
ney General Knox, at which the retire
ment of the latter and accession of
Moody to his place was discussed.
It is stated that Knox will not be
able to vacate his office to accept the
new appointment as Senator until
about July 1, because of a number of
details which he wishes to see closed
up, so Moody will not take his place
at the head of the Department of Jus
tice until after that date.
Moody al3O discussed with the Presi
dent on the question of his successor,
but as far as can be learned there has
been no decision on this matter, and it
is still in the air.
ENGINE STRIKES WAGON.— While eroBS
!n< the Southern Pacific tracks near Fifth and
Townsend streets yesterday a wagon driven
by Remigio Mondoro was struck by a switch
engine. The wagon was smashed to apllntara,
but the driver escaped with a few brulsea.
Festival of Dragon Boat
Celebrated in 'Houses and
in All The Restaurants
FLOOD BRINGS
DEATH TO MANY
PLAN TO FIGHT
A YEAR HENCE
although it Is believed that General
Stakelberg will continue to retire to
the. northward. It is possible, how
ever, that reinforcements are being
sent to his support. This might be in
ferred from a significant message just
received from one of the* correspond
ents at Tashichia reporting an enor
mous movement of troops, including
cavalry and Infantry, along the rail
road, but the correspondent" Was not
allowed to say in -which direction the
troops were marching. It may ! be
therefore reinforcements moving to
support General Stakelberg or the
force of that commander retiring to
the northward. The message also says
that the whereabouts of Major General
Mistche».ko is not known f\nd this
latter statement may be pregnant with
significance.
ALL CHINATOWN
HOLDS FEASTS
REINFORCEMENTS CARRY DAY AT VAFANGGW.
Before the expiration of the forty
minutes agreed upon the Russians tor
pedoed the Sado from both sides.
Colonel Suchi, who was in command
of the troops on board the Hitache, and
many other men committed suicide.
Suchi was educated in France.
The majority of the men on board the
Sado were rescued; the majority on
board the Hitachi were annihilated.
The Sado was not sunk. She floated
east of Okino Island and has been
towed into port.
TOKIO. June 17.— It is impossible to
obtain accurate figures of the losses
sustained by the Japanese as a result
of the sinking of the transport Hitachi
and the shelling of the transport Sado.
A survivor has reported to Vice Ad
miral Hidematsu Teunoda, commander
in chief of the Takeshika Naval Es
tablishment, that the Hitachi was hit
sixty times by the Russian fire and
that the fired on the Russian vessels.
It is suspected that the Russians in
tended shelling the Sado. and a small
boat from this transport pulled over
to the Russian vestel for the purpose of
a parley. The Russians agreed t" give
the men on the Sado forty minutes in
which to get away from their ship, and
said ihey would take the non-combat
ants nn board their own vessels. The
survivor who gives these details de
clares that subsequently the Russians
refused to receive the non-combatants,
with the exception of an Englishman,
who was chief mate of the Sado.
Russians Prove Accuracy of Their Fire
en the Hitnchi.
STRUCK SIXTY TIMES.
It is believed that Colonel Waters,
the British military attache, was pres
ent during the battle of Vafangow.
The whole regret Is that General
Stakelberg did not draw the Japanese
farther north before allowing them to
engage him, but experts suspect that
certain conditions compelled Stakelberg
to fight at Vafangow.
General Stakelberg is praised for the
skillful handling of his men in the field.
He and his old war comrade, General
Kuropatkin, fought side by side in
Turkestan, and he Insisted on again
taking the field, although almost an In
valid.
ST. PETERSBURG. June . 17.—Mili
tary circles do not view the battle of
Vafangow as a defeat, and they con
tend that General Stakelberg, unlike
Lieutenant Zassalitch, won more than
he lost. Whether General Stakelberg's
expedition to the south had an imme
diate bearing on the situation at Port
Arthur, it is thought that his presence
has caused a diversion which will ma
terially affect the operations in the
southern part of the Liaotung Penin
sula. It is thought unlikely that th'e
Japanese had north of Kinchou such,
a large force as that which engaged
Stakelberg's division, and the num
bers seem to indicate that they drew
off some of the troops operating against
Port Arthur. It is pointed out that the
force engaged at Vafangow must re
cuperate for several days, and it is ex
pected that the fight will materially
retard the siege operations against Port
Arthur.
Claim That General Stakelberg Won
More Than He' Lost.
RUSSIANS NOT DISHEARTENED.
The young woman sank twice and
was about to go down for the third
time when Lewis hastened to the res
cue. As he reached her side he was
seized by the drowning woman and
had it not been for J. Devine, both
Miss Mahoney and Lewis would have
lost their lives. Devine succeeded in
getting the woman to shore and im
mediately summoned medical aid. Af
ter two hours the young woman was
restored to consciousness, but little
hope Is entertained for her recovery.
SONOMA. June 17.— Miss Margaret
Mahoney of San Francisco narrowly
escaped drowning this morning while
bathing in Sonoma Creek near the El
Verano Villa. Miss Mahc-ney got be
yond her depth and would have drown
ed had it not been for the heroism of
Thomas Lewis and J. Devine of Sao
Francisco.
Young Woman While Bathing Is Sink
ing Third Time When Res
cuers Appear.
SAVED FROM DROWNING
BY TWO YOUNG MEN
LIAOYAXG, June-17. — A press corre
spondent who was present at the battle,
of Vafangow describes the fighting as
follows: - i
"The stern, dogged fighting at the
battle of Vafangow was like another
Borodino. The roar of the machine
guns and the. boom. 'of the cannon still
ring in one's ears. ~
"Throughout the three days of com
bat the officers and men vied with
each other in pluck and heroism. They
have added glorious passages to Rus
sian military, history. . .
"The enemy's advance originally In
cluded the Fifth, Eighth and Eleventh
divisions, twelve squadrons of cavalry
and splendid artillery. About 200 guns
were belching a continuous stream of
shot and shell. Large reinforcements
enabled them to turn the Russian
flanks. A diversion on the right pre
cipitated the battle on the morning of
June 15.
"Major General Gerngross, who was
wounded, commanded the left flank,
and General Loutchkovsky commanded
the center. Including four battalions
concealed in a small wood, whence they
dealt death and destruction on the en
emy. The Russian right was protected
by Cossacks, dragoons and Siberian
Rifles.
THUNDER Op THE BIG GUNS.
"While th^se big guns were thunder
ing I made my way, at about 11 a. m., to
the Russian right flank and climbed a
hill, whence I could view the whole
fit-Id of battle. Behind me a battery had
taken up a position, from which it kept
up a continuous fire upon the advanc
ing ranks of the enemy. Through
glasses I could see the sandy valley of
the Tassa, with the Chinese village of
Vafan.
"The heights of Fuchu. the railway
bridge and the surrounding cops were
occupied by Japanese infantry. Then
*•'•<•(? the retreat. The Japanese shells
were falling , on the station buildings,
from which train - after tra*n ha.2
moved. v
"I descended the hill and Just suc
ceeded in jumping on the footboard
of the last car. Some of the Russian
batteries on the left flank were still
firing. ?The main force then began
slowly to retreat toward Vantslalin
(thirty miles north of Vafangow) and
about 1 in the afternoon had accom
plished its strategic mission. The bat
tle of Vafangow had deflected consid
erable Japanese forces from Port
Arthur.
WENT INTO BATTLE SINGING.
"The fighting was glorious. For
two days the Russian regiments val
orously maintained their positions and
took the offensive on the left, so press
ing the enemy there that a- couple of
Japanese batteries fell into the Cos
sacks' hands. The Russian soldiers
went into battle singing, their spirits
not affected by the fierce heat and
furious cannonading, whose, intensity
may be gauged from the influence It
had on the atmospheric conditions.
Rain drops fell like tears at the height
of the battle, although the day dawn
ed clear.
"Many Russians have fallen, but a
greater . number of Japanese were
killed. The Russian shells and bullets
mowed, tHem down like wheat. The
whole valley was bestrewn with the
corpses and the river Tafesa ran red.
But it was with Japanese" more than
with Russian blood.
"I left on the last train with Gen
eral Stakelberg. This train collided
with the one preceding it near Vant
sialin, but it was not damaged.
"When passing Kaichou we saw
three Japanese cruisers.
"The railroad north was ocupled by*
Russian troops. The Russians say
that the Japanese cannot "advance
much further north, even when they
recover from the effects of the battle
of Vafangow."
black lines of infantry, like threads,
could be seen creeping through the ver
dure. Nearer the slope of a hill was
dotted by the, gray shirts of the Rus
sian riflemen. A brownish smoke over
hung some of the batteries, and others
showed flashes of flames. The crackle
of rifle fire/was punctuated by the roar
of 'guns. Occasionally I heard the hiss
of a Japanese bullet.
"The scene was awe-inspiring. Over
the Russian. center and left flank hov
ered chocolate clouds from bursting
shrapnel. It. was evident that the tide
of battle was coming toward the Rus
sian right. I saw reserves . hurrying
forward, the Cossacks galloping, fol
lowed by. columns of infantry. Sud
denly they disappeared in an adjacent
defile. Tne valley -where the Russians
had camped . was emptied as if by
magic.
RETIRE IX GOOD ORDER.'
"Rattling volleys ' were fired behind
the screen of hills which concealed the
fighting troops from view in that direc
tion, the sound of the firing being. the
only evidence .of the deadly struggle
proceeding there. This continued for
half an hour." Suddenly a company of
Cossacks appeared on the crest of a
hill and began to descend. They were
followed by Infantry. The Japanese
gunners promptly pursued them with
shrapnel. Horses and men began fall-
Ing.
"A moment of harrowing suspense
was relieved by a shout of 'HurrahJ,'
was from a couple of thousand
Russian troops just brought up by
train. They quickly jumped from the
cars, fixed bayonets and literally ran
into the fight.
"Again the crackle of musketry un
der cov°r, during which the retiring
Russian regiments formed uo and
moved off in complete order townrd
ti.e railroad. While a long line of
commissariat wagons escorted by Cos
>neks took to the road a battery . of
horse artillery stationed near the rail
rr.ad banged away furiously as It eov-
The flames were confined by flooding
the ship with water to a single com
partment In the after part of the ship.
The steerage berths and woodwork
were eaten away, but so far as exam
ination this morning shows none of the
steel frames or plates of the vessel were
warped. The fire originated in this part
of the steerage, but investigation has
yet failed to reveal the cause.
The Ohio was built in Philadelphia In
1S73. Her gross tonnage is 3438. She
Is 343 feet long. 43 feet beam and 24.9
feet deep. For many years the Ohio
ran out of New York, and at one time
was one of the greyhounds of the At
lantic. In 1S9S the Empire Transporta
tion Company, former owners of the
ship, sent her around the Horn with
the Indiana, Conemaugh and Pennsyl
vania, and entered them In the trans
port service out of San Francisco.
In 1909 the Ohio was placed on the
Nome run and continued in that service
until this spring, when she was pur
chased by the Moran Brothers' Com
pany, who contemplated spending $100.
000 in refitting and repairing the vessel.
SEATTLE. June 17.— The damage to
the steamship Ohio, which caught fire
at Moran's shipyards shortly after mid
night, is estimated at between $20,000
and $25,000. *
TOKIO, June 17.— Details Is connec
tion with the sinking of the Japanese
tiansport Hitachi by Russian warships
are being furnished by survivors. The
Russian ships were sighted at 7 o'clock
in the morning and in response to a
signal the Hitachi was stopped, but at
10 o'clock got under way again and at
tempted to escape. The Russians fol
lowed and opened a heavy fire directed
about the water line with the evident
intention of destroying the troops on
board. The fire was terrific and In a
few minutes the decks were covered
with corpses and awash with blood.
One shell which struck the engine room
killed two hundred men. The shio be
gan to fill and sunk gradually by the
stern. At 6 o'clock in the evening she
was completely submerged. Captain
Campbell, the English master of the
transport, jumped overboard at 2
o'clock in the afternoon and Is num
bered among the missing.
The chief engineer was killed on the
bridge. The' commander of the troops
ordered the flag to be burned and
then killed himself. The second mate
committed suicide. Many of the crew
and troops escaped in the boats.
The transport Sado is badly dam
aged. She sighted the Russian ships
thirty-five miles west of Shiro Island.
Their signals to stop were unheeded,
so the Russians opened fire and signal
ed for those on board the Sado to
leave the ship. Upon that the crew
took to the boats and in this way
many escaped when the ship was
eventually fired by the enemy.
The 4 number of men on board the
two transports and the list of casual
ties are not as yet obtainable.
"The Russian artillery." the lieuten
ant says, "was splendidly served, but
was outmatched in number by the Jap
anese. One Russian battery pitted
airnin«t Japanese batteries was literally
smothered by Japanese shells.
"I saw one battery land three shells
in the midst of an ammunition train
which was galloping up to serve the
Japanese guns. Two caissons explod
ed, killing all the horses and drivers.
"The Japanese guns fired at least
1200 rounds. The Russians fired several
times on Japanese infantry in close
formation, causing tremendous havoc."
An officer of the Fourth Battery 8«ys
his battery was in a duel at two and
a half miles with a Japanese battery
and silenced it. His battery then ran
out of ammunition and the men carried
the breech mechanism of the guns with
them to the rear and brought up a
fresh supply of ammunition and' re
sumed serving the guns.
Several of the Russian dead found
in the bushes were horribly mutilated.
The foreign attaches drew up a formal
memorandum of this.
LI AO YANG, June 17.— The wounded
in the first two days' fighting at
Vafangow- are arriving. A lieutenant
of Cossacks says the American military
attaches were with his command most
of June 15 during the hottest part of
th«r fight. He commented upon their
coolness and their professional Interest
in th* operations exclusive to the idea
of personal danger. *
By Flooding the Ship With
Water Flames Were Con
lined to One Compartment
Bodies of Dead Cossacks Are
Found in Badly Mutilated
Condition.
Second Mate Also Commits
Suicide in Preference to
Being Captured.
HULK NOT BADLY HURT
Commander of the Troops
Kills Himself After Bum
ing'the Flag.
Survivors of the Fight at
Vafangow Give De
tails of Battle.
More Than $20,000 Will
Be Required to Repair the
Injury to the Big Vessel
Face the Enemy Singing, Their Spirits Not Affected
by the Fierce Heat or the Cannonading. 0
With Attschul in Washington is
S<nor Anee! Fparti. who was Hondu
rian Minister to the United States,
France, ar.f! Great Britain. He is Senor
Atts-ehui's political enemy, his personal
frirr.d. Sencr Ugarti recently sent
resident Bonilla his resignation, say
ing that he did not like some of the
men he has gathered about him. He has
not received any answer to his com
munication and is going to South
America to see what Bonilla expects tor
do. After the manner of South Amer
ican' statesmen, however, he will not
go to Honduras until he has found out
the lay of the land. He goes from here
to Guatemala and from there will
communicate with President Bonilla.
Ponor AttFchul is a member of that
X>arty in Honduras known as the Lib
era!*. He said to-day that his party
represented progress and liberty, but
that President Ponilla was too strong
for him, and won partly through force
of ?rrr.?.
WASHINGTON. June 17. — Exilc-.l
from his native country by the success
of his j.olitioal enemies ! encr Fran
cisco Attschul. former Secretary of
Commerce and Labor and Public
"Works, in Honduras. Central America,
arrived in Wafhington this morning.
He expects to remain in this country
for porre.time. meanwhile hoping that
the fortunes cf war may make it possi
ble for him to return. He says he can
never return as long as President E»o
nilla is in power.
Sl^iia" Piwiiatch to The Call
Success of His Political
Enemies Forces Seuor Att
scliiil to Leave His Home
BACKED LOSING PARTY
In Land of Freedom Former
Honduras Official Awaits
Turn of Fortune's Wheel
EXILE FINDS
SHELTER HERE
OHIO SUFFERS
GREAT DAMAGE
MIKADO'S MEN
OUTMATCH THE
RUSSIAN FOE
COSSACKS ADD GLORIOUS PASSAGES
TO THE HISTORY OF THEIR COUNTRY
MANY ESCAPE
AFTER ATTACK
ON TRANSPORTS
RUSSIAN TROOPS DISPLAY GREAT VALOR AT THE BATTLE OF VAFANGOW
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE IS, 1904.
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
LEE CHUCK WILL 8TAT. — The Chinese
Government refuses to allow Lee Chuck, the
murderer, to return to his native country. He
will be sent to a hosoltal for the Insane. *
CALIFORNIA PARLOR'S PICNIC. — Cali
fornia Drum and Bugrle Corps composed of
members of California Parlor' No. I. N. S.
O. W., will give a picnic at Sunset Park.
Santa Crux Mountains, on Sunday. July 10.
The Invitations bear the Injunction, "Bring
your sweet smiles and family lunch baskets
and have a good time with the boys of Cali
fornia Drum and Bugle Corps."
BURNELL. BOOKED FOR ROBBERY.— J.
C. Campbell, the Eddy-strset car conductor
whose car was held up. and robbed of $ie 50
by Gurf Burnell at Gough street last Tuesday
night, swore to a complaint before Police
Judge Slogan yesterday charging Burnell with
robbery. Burnell was Immediately afterward
bonked on the charge at the City Prison. The
police have tin yet been unable to find any
trace of Burnell's companion
INVOLUNTARY INSOLVENT. — Keller.
Bachman & Co.. Sachs Bros. & Co., Levl
Strauss & Co. and Payot, Upham & Co..
creditors of the Kragen-Bamberger Company
of this city, filed a petition in the United
States District Court yesterday, to have the
last named firm declared an Involuntary ' In
solvent. They declare that on May 7 thevflrni
made an assignment of all its property to C.
R. Havens lor the benefit of its creditors.
WASHINGTON. June 17. — Rear Ad
miral James N. Grear, U. S. N.> re
tired, died to-day, aged 72, years.
Death of Admiral Grcer.
2
"I enjoyed good health nntil about two year*
igo when I noticed my back began to ache fre-
quently; it became sore and lame, and headache
won added to mv misery: also found that my
general health diminished. I became thin and
weak and nervous, having severe pains at regu-
lar intervals." writes Mrs. Augustus Emory,
Treasurer New Centur- Club, it Dean Street
,'Roxtury), Boston. Mass. She continues: "My
work, which before had seemed an easy task
*.y seemed like a heavy burden. I decided
to ujf Dr. Kerce't Favorite Prescription, which
several of my friends praised so highly. I felt
relief withiu . . week, my appetite came back, the
pains gradually decreasea and I enjoyed »onnd
sleep. Within fourteen weeks I had completely
recovered my health. I seemed built up anew,
my pulse, which had been weak became nor-
mal, and new life animated my entire being.
I gladly endorse your medicine.''
Doctor Pierce's Favorite Prescription
restores weak and sick women to sound
health, by curing- the local womanly dis-
eases which are generally responsible for
the failure of the general health. A wom-
an's entire beinsr is centered in her wom-
anly natttre. When the delicate womanly
organism is attacked hy disease; when
there is irregularity or a disagreeable drain;
when inflammation bums and ulcirs gnaw
the general health will reflect the prepress
of disease, in increasing weakness, nerv-
ousness, backache, headache, loss of appe-
tite and sleeplessness.
So sure of it is the World's Dispensary
Medical Association, of BufF-ilo. N. Y., pro-
prietors of Dr. Piercc'3 Favorite Prescrip-
tion, that tfiey offer $500 reward for women
who cannot be cured of Lencorrhea, Fe-
male weakness. Prolapsus, or Falling of
Womb. All they ask is a fair and reasona-
ble trial of their means of cure.
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regokte tie
stomach, liver and bowels.
FREE TO-DAY v
Read Ad. on Classified Porc. j
SEASONABLE GIFTS
Our Sunda- Want Ad. Patrons
Receive a
EUREKA FLY PAPER GUARD
And One-Half Dozen Sheets
STICKY' FLY NET PAPER
DB. PIEBCE'S EE2dEDIE3.Exposition Registers Contain Names of
Many Native Sons and Daughters.
ST. LOUIS. June 17.—The following
CAIilFORNIANS AT FAIR.
SANTA CRUZ. June 17.— Clement
Willis, the ex-Philippine soldier and
forger, pleaded guilty and was sen
tenced' to one year in San Quentin.
Mrs. Eleanor Thomas, his accom
plice, was released on her own recog
nizance.
Forger Willis Goes to Prison.
SANTA ROSA. June 17.—Twenty
three young students graduated this
evening from the Santa Rosa High
School, eight of them with honors.
These eight are Milton J. Brooks, Hazel
H. Henderson, California I. Johnson,
Edwin S. Lawson, Grace E. Litton. Dal
Millington Lemmon, Caroline H. Reeves
and Estella M. Ward. The other grad
uates included Shirley D. Burrls,
George G. Godman, Hiram E. Jacobs,
Frances L. Juri, Alice M.* King. An
nette M. Laycock, "Ethyl G. Lehman,
Pauline R. McQuiddy, John H. Par
sons, Lettie Riddle, Russell L. Smith,
Grace L. Smith, Wilmar T. Strout, Lilla
Ware and Rena Pearl Whitaker.
Dal M. Lemmon, president of the
class, was master of ceremonies and
Introduced the various members of the
class. Many carefully prepared papers
were presented by the graduates, the
class poem was read and the class song
sung. After the closing exercises there
was a short social session among the
graduates and- their~f rlcnda.
SANTA ROSA STUDENTS .V'-.j
GRADUATE WITH HONORS
Twenty-Three Pupils Receive Their
Diplomas From the High
School.
• From San Francisco — F. M. Doyle,
C W. Amsterdam and R. W. Hobart,
at the Hotel Navarre; Mrs. I. Magnln,
at the Hotel Savoy; S. S. Myerson, at
the Morton; J. J. O'Hara, at the Mur
ray Hill; S. Shaen and wife, at the
Hotel Cadillac; M. Slater, at the Grand
Union; Mrs. C. R. Sylvester, at the
Ashland; H. Wilson, at the Hotel Im
perial; G. A. Brown, at the Herald
Square; J. M. Henry, at the Marlbor
ough; G. A. Jackson, at the Astor
House; Mrs. C. m! Sanders, at the
Marlborough; Mrs. Burnham, at the
Victor; P. Hinz, at the Normandle.
From Los Angeles — W. P. Banning,
Miss K. S. Banning, J. B. Banning Jr.
and J. B. Banning and wife, at the
Wolcott; Miss I. Hancock, at the Earl-
Ington; D. M. Hunsaker, Miss Hun
saker and Mrs. W. H. Hunsaker, at
the Herald Square; Miss M. A. Quint,
at the Earllngton; J. H. Schumacher,
at the Wolcott; Miss Chanslor, at the
Park Avenue: J. I. Crowell, at the Im
perial: N. T. Cull, at the Grand Union,
and Miss W. ' Llewelyn, at the • Park
Avenue.
> NEW YORK, June 17. — The follow
ing Californlans are in New York:
Californians in New York.
ACCUSED OF LAIICENT.— Fred BniMell. a
bartender In a California-etreet saloon wu
arrested last ni*ht by Detective Silver and
placed on the d»tlr.ue book at the City Prison.
It 1* alleged that Broaden* robbed his em
ployer of a quantity of liquors. Some of the
i!<juor was taken to the City Prison as evi
dence.
SAN JOSE. June 17. — Frederic
Quickert, a gardener, whose family
resides at 1072 Locust street, has mys
teriously disappeared and the police
have been asked to aid in finding him.
About a month ago Quickert left his
home here to go to San Francisco to
take a position. He was disappointed
In the place and finally went to work
on a ranch Just outside of San Pablo,
owned by A. Mintzer. When he had
been at this place nearly a week he
complained one night of a severe
toothache and toM his employer he
was going: into town to see a dentist.
That was the last seen of him.
From Home and Ills Family
Mourns.
Suffering From Toothache, Man Goes
GARDENER SUDDENLY
DROPS OUT OF SIGHT
Among the most interesting views
are those showing the crack San Fran
cisco Fire Department in action, from
the time the engine companies leave the
fire houses until they draw up at the
hydrants, with views of the men at
work on the drill tower with scaling
ladders, life nets and other parapher
nalia. . •
Views from all parts of the State are
also shown which will open the eyes
of all visitors at the Fair to the won
ders of* California.
San Franciscans last night had their
last chance to see the views and moving
pictures that will hereafter be a fea
ture of the California building at the
St. Louis Fair. James W. Erwin lec
tured at the Alhambra Theater In the
Interests of the California Camera
Club. Mr. Erwln will accompany the
pictures to St. 'Louis and deliver a
daily lecture at the California build
ing.
Interesting: Moving Pictures Exhibited
by the Camera Club Before Send
ing Them East.
HOLDS RUMMAGE SALE.— Branch No. 15.
Catholic Ladles' Aid Society, is holding a
rummage sale at 626 Fourth street, which will
continue until June 26.
VIEWS OF CALIFORNIA
SHOWN* FOR LAST TIME
CHICAGO, June 17.— Senator Fair
banks arrived In Chicago to-day. He
maintained silence on the subject of the
Vice Presidency, and neither the news
paper men nor the party leaders who
ere here could obtain any avowal of
his intentions.
Fairbanks Maintains Silence.
WASHINGTON, June 17.— William
D. Broaddus has been commissioned
Postmaster at Fort Bidwell, Cal., and
Ralph C. McDowell Postmaster at
Gordon, Wash. Minnie A. Bailey
takfs the place as Postmistress at
Julian, San Diego County, vice James
E. McLean, resigned.
Army orders: Major William P. Du
vall and Captain Sidney A. C. Logan
of the general staff will proceed to
San Francisco for duty pertaining to
army field maneuvers to be held In
that division. First Class Sergeants
Charles G. Munroe and George Treff
linger and Sargeant David R. McLain,
Signal' corps, will be relieved from
duty with the Signal Corps exhibit at
the Louisiana Purchase Exposition and
be sent not later than June 25, 1904,
to Seattle, reporting to signal officer
at latter place for duty.
Naval orders: Lieutenant J. Bab
cock detached from Union Iron Works
for duty under the Bureau of Steam
Engineering.
The following Californians are in
Washington: At the St. James, A. M.
Ramsay; at the Raleigh, Robert Colter
and wife, N. P. Cole Jr. and wife,
N. L. Houser, Mrs. 1L F. Dewey, Mrs.
D. D. Harklnson and Miss Eleanor
Johns; at the New Wlllard, Mrs. Isa
dor Schwartz, Miss Schwartz and Miss
Pearl Schwartz of San Francisco, and
Benjamin Ide Wheeler of Berkeley.
President Makes Changes in the Pos
tal Service — Army and Xavy
Orders Issued.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
SAN DIEGO, June 17.— The work of
dredging the entrance to San Diego
harbor to a width of 500 feet and a
depth of thirty feet at mean low water,
which was stopped, when half com
pleted, by the sinking of the dredger
by the steamer State of California, will
be resumed at once. The barges and
pumps to be used in the work have
been completed.
Work Stopped by the Sinking of Ap
paratus Will Begin
at Once. .
DREDGING IX SAX DIEGO
HARBOR TO BE RESUMED
TIES ROCK TO NECK AND
PLUXGES KVTO A TANK
Barkeeper Who Wants to Die Makes
Certain That His Plans
Succeed.
GOLDFIELD. Nev., June 17. — Byron
Enrlght, a bartender, committed sui
cide this afternoon by drowning him
self in a big tank of the Columbia
Water Company. Partly undressing, he
tied a rock with baling wire to his neck
and threw himself Into the tank. En
rlght was 32 years old and came here
from Winslow, Ariz. His people are
said to live In Michigan.
DIES UNDER ANESTHETICS — Coroner
Leland was informed yesterday of the death
of Mrs. MlUle Smith Gazelle la St. Thomas'
Hospital last Thursday evening while. »h»
was under the Influence of anesthetics, pre
paratory to a surgical operation. As she died
In professional hands no inquest will b« held.
The claim Is made at New Mexico's
educational booth that she maintains
at public expense a greater number of
Institutions for higher education in
proportion to population than any State
In the Union, i The exhibit shows the
facilities for Instruction to be the best.
A unique feature of this display is a
collection of bird skins, prepared by
pupils and illustrating the varieties of
birds of New Mexico.
In her mining section New Mexico
shows an almost endless variety of
minerals. She makes an extensive dis
play of iron and coal in large blocks
and also shows sulphur, mineral paints,
mica, asbestos, copper, zinc and lead.
The zinc specimens are particularly at
tractive and were prepared by the So
corro School of Mines. A rich display
of gold and silver ores is made. Models
of a. turquoise mine and & typical mln-
Two aged bells, one of which rang
before the caravel of Columbus sighted
the outlying Islands of the New World,
are objects attracting curious throngs
at the New Mexico building. The com
missioners of that Territory have made
a representative and comprehensive
display. Their building is of the Span
ish style of architecture, pretty and
tastefully furnished. M. W. Porterfleld
of Silver City Is manager here for the
New Mexico commission, and Mrs. Sal
lle Douglas of Las Vegas Is hostess at
the building. J. A. Graham of Roswell
Is superintendent of the agricultural
and horticultural displays. Professor
H. A. Owen of the Silver City Normal
School has the educational exhibit In
charge, and that of mines is under Pro
fessor D. F. Riddell of the State Min
ing School at Socorro. An ethnological
exhibit is also made, it being under the
care of Antonio Joseph Jr. of Santa Fe.
The Territorial commission consists of
Charles A. Spiess, president; Carl A.
Dalles, vice president; Arthur Sellg
man, treasurer; W. B. Walton, secre
tary; Herbert J. Hagerman, Euseblo
Chacon and Fayette A. Jones. i
CALL BUREAU, WORLD'S FAIR.
ST. LOUIS, June 17.— The commission
ers from the California counties to the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition will
give an opening. It will take place In
California's space In the Palace of Ag
riculture, and the custodians of the
county exhibits hope to make it the
vehicle for a good advertisement for
the State. The final touches are being
put on the exhibits in the California
section, and the general display will be
in Its fairest form when the reception
Is given. -The county commissioners'
organization will have the floor in the
entire space oiled, which will give a
better appearance to the section, now a
small fair In Itself and filled with va
ried beauties. There will be music at
the reception, as planned now, and an
nouncements will be made in the St.
Louis papers so as to draw the largest
crowd possible and make the occasion
a noteworthy one. All Californlans
will be invited to be present with
badges displayed and receive the vis
itors and furnish information required
by them. The State commissioners will
be asked to select a date for the open-
Ing. The expense will be paid by the
counties' organization.
A fund for local advertising has also
been raised by the county commission
ers, and fair visitors will be informed
through various sources that the most
wonderful exhibit of the soil's products
ever gathered together on the face of
the globe is to be seen In the California
section of the Palaces of Agriculture
and Horticulture. The object is to make
the California displays in these build
ings objects that "must be seen" by
visitors who wish to see the fair's main
features.
Staff Correspondent of The Call.
BY PAUL EDWARDS.
Dr. Ira B. Ladd and wife of Stock
ton have departed for their home,
after several days at the fair. They
came here after a long visit to New
York. •¦¦: i'wy.
The Pike parties of Miss Alice
Roosevelt, which seemed to be full of
enjoyment for the President's daugh
ter, are also popular with Californians.
In one of these one night were many
merry Oakland people, Including
Gustav Gutsch, Theodore Gier, Miss
Helen Powell, W. H. Weilbye % and
wife, Alvln Powell, George H. Bove
reaux, Miss Sarah H. Perkins, H. A.
Powell, Mrs. Hawkinson. Miss Lillian
Remlllard, Marion Hawkinson, Al
bert G. Gates, Miss Hazel Hawkinson
and Henry Rey Sanders.
Samuel Butler, the Nevada County
mining exhibit commissioner, is out
again' after a severe illness.
er's cabin are maintained in the out
side display.
In the horticultural section New Mex
ico Is making a demonstration of the
early maturity of her apples that is
novel. Every fifteen days specimens
enough to fill a glass Jar are received
from an orchard near Roswell and
placed on exhibition... The first con
signment, consisting of eight varieties,
was received on April 23. These are
about as large as pigeon eggs and
from this the apples will take- their
gradual steps to full and appetizing
maturity. Fruits and cereals with all
the beauty brought by perpetual sun
shine on irrigated lands are shown by
the Territory.
The "fadies • of New Mexico have
taken an active part in making the
exhibit attractive. The Women's Board
of Trade of Santa Fe has contributed
for the main reception room of the
building a costly filigree table that is
the delight of every lady visitor who
sees it. This table, which is kept in
a glass case, is made of gold and sil
ver and the precious stones found In
the Territory. Silver plate, lace and
other fabrics, all of ancient make,
have been contributed by the Lady
Managers' Auxiliary. There is one lady
manager from each county, appointed
by the gallant Governor Otero and the
board selected Miss Otero for its presi
dent. She has placed an exhibit in the
New Mexico building that, while it has
nothing In particular to do with New
Mexico, draws many curious people. It
Is the coat worn .by Aguinaldo when
he was captured. It Is an ordinary,
white duck garment, such as an Amer
ican barber might wear and was pre
sented to Mrs. Otero by an officer who
was present at the capture and se
cured It.
The Territory's ethnological exhibit
fills all of room 111 In the Anthropol
ogy building, 32x45 feet. A display
of basketry and blanketry is made
that is attracting the attention of
many scientific men.
Of the two bells mentioned, both
were brought from Spain in the fif
teenth century by the Franciscans.
One had been cast many years before.
In them are said to be much gold and
silver that once were ornaments and
many Jewels,; all cast into the molten
metal by the faithful as an earnest of
their devotion. One was used in an
old mission near Santa Fe and belongs
to the New Mexico Historical Society.
The other was found in the ruins of
the Grand Quiveras In Southern New
Mexico. It was recently discovered
by Governor Otero, who borrowed It
for the exposition. It is the one that
was pealing In Spain before Columbus
sailed first
VIEW OF HANDSOME STRUCTURE IN WHICH CALIFORNIA'S COUNTY COM
MISSIONERS AT THE ST. LOUIS FAIR WILL HOLD MAMMOTH RECEP
TIONS FOR THE PURPOSE OF SHOWING CALIFORNIA'S RESOURCES. *
Palo Alto — S. A. Moulton, Miss Jose
phine Moulton, Miss Mary E. Moulton
and Edgar W. McCarmack.
Hanford— Nora Irwln. Mrs. J. H. Mil
ler and Mrs. J. L. Irwin.
Marysville— Fred M. Gengler, Peter
J. Arnoldy and Mrs. P. J. Arnoldy.
Fresno — A. R. South, S. J. Fentron
and Thomas Boyd.
Santa Rosa— C. B. Newton and Mrs.
M. E. Carithers.
Napa — Mrs. J. A. Richmond and Mrs.
H. H. Knapp. «> /
Lcs Gatos — A. B. Smith and Garton
D. Keyston.
. Sacramentor-Dr.. F. G. F.ay and W.
D. Kilborn and wife.
Miscellaneous — Mrs. Frances Web
ster Fish and Miss Annie Webster
Fish, Martinez; J. S. Enrlght. Moun
tain View; D. Rogge, Hueneme; A. H.
Boulton, Marysvllle; Mrs. Maggie
Smith, San Bernardino; Hays Smith,
San Bernardino; Gustav Gutsch, Ala
meda; Mrs. Gustav Gutsch, Alameda;
A. P. Redding, Menlo Park; Miss
Edith Redding, Menlo Park; Maud
Russell, Davisville; Forest C. Baily,
Stanford; W. E. Mercer, Ventura; H.
L. II. Lawlor,. Pasadena; Mrs. C. D.
Morgan, Mendocino; W. H. Kain,
Glendora; H. G. Cave, Chlco, and Mrs.
Ora Graves, Murphysboro.
Santa Ana— Mrs. J. C. Franklin, Mr.
Franklin Jr., Dr. L. P. Metzger and
Mrs. S. A. Metzger.
Keswick — Nels Johnson, Emll John
son and John Nelson. , -
Californlans have registered at the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition:
Santa Clara— A. Harris, Mrs. A. Har
ris, Miss Harris and Mrs. Barton H.
Gorton.
Fortuna — Mr. and Mrs. Ralph Kra
mer.
PETALUMA, June 17.— Friday was
Santa Rosa day at Camp Pardee and
many Santa Rosa people were present.
E. D. Sweetser was officer of the day
and from sunrise until late in the even
ing everything was merry at the camp.
In the morning there was the usual
routine and a court-martial. In the
afternoon the programe at the pavil
ion included music by Company A, the
veteran reserve band of Oakland; ad
dress by Chairman Sweetser of the
programme committee; songs by Com
rade J. C. Thornton nntl Belle Ken
nedy Bruce: readings by Mrs. Carrie
Devereux and Mrs. Nellie Rollins, and
addresses by Mrs. F. Martin of Santa
Rosa, Colonel Juilliard, Major Foun
tain, W. H. A. Dougherty and Post
Commander F. E. Bower.
The veterans have received a silk
flag from the Ladies' Aid Association,
and the flag now gracefully waves over
the entrance to Camp Pardee. To-day's
programme ended with a Dig camp fire
in the evening. Judge Crawford pre
sided. To-morrow will be Oakland
day. *r
Witli a Bonfire.
Music and Speeches Arc Featnres of
the Afternoon Programme, Closing
CAMP PARDEE MERRY
ON SANTA ROSA DAY
John L. Stock was one of the best
known men in this city and had a host
of friends. In 1&S7 he married Miss
Louise Kraig. The widow and a son,
Lester, 16 years of age, survive him.
His father, John Stock, and two broth
ers and three sisters are also living.
The deceased was a member of the
Knights Templar. A. O. U. W., Royal
Arcanum and the Maccabees.
SAN JOSE, June 17.— John L. Stock,
the senior member of the firm of John
Stock Sons, plumbers and tinners, died
this morning at his home at 117 Vine
street. Stock had been ill for two
years and his death has not been un
expected during the past week. He
was a native of Chicago and 54 years
of aee.
John L. Stock Succumbs to an Illness
Lasting O\-er a Period of
Two Years.
The news has been received here of
the death in Cologne on May 8 of
Baroness Ella von Wrede, wife of
Baron Hermann von Wrede and
mother of the Baroness Ray von
Wrede and Mrs. William B. Brandon.
formerly Kuhr.e Beveridge, the sculp
tor, who is living with her husband in
Johannesburg, South Africa. Death
was due to appendicitis.
The late Baroness was fprmerly
Mrs. Philo Beveridge of Springfield,
111. Ten years ago, after the death of
Be\-eridge, she met and married the
Baron von Wrede in this city.
Baroness von Wrede was well
known In this city, where for a num
ber of year?, during her many ad
versities, she struggled hard to main
tain hersolf and daughter and give the
latter an opportunity to develop her
talent as a sculptor. Her marriage to
Baron von Wrede brought her only
on empty title, for her husband was
without financial means and, in or
der to support his wife, was com
pelled to accept a position as clerk in
the old Baldwin Hotel. Later the
Baron and Baroness went East, where
Kuhne Beveridge realized her ambi
tion in gaining fame in her art, but in
the zenith of her fame she married
and was soon forgotten here.
WELL. KNOWN" MERCHANT
OF KAN' JOSE IS DEAD
BARONESS ELLA
VON WREDE DIES
AT COLOGNE
Chretien became suspicious and then told
m«> that the Van Dlven account should i><*
$491 Instead of the amount first stated. This
slip caused Chretien's downfall. H» was put
under a vigorous interrogation, but denied
that he fcrsed Van Dlven 1 a name. He ex
plained the order by saying he found It on
his desk. He could not tell who put it there
or anything more about It. I had Chretien
sent Into the Jute mill forthwith.
We probably would have known nothing
about it had not Van Dlven complained. Of
course he did not get the actual coin, but
would no doubt have done «o after Van Dlven
left San Quentin. I was always suspicious of
this fellow Chretien, and. In fact, often
watched him closely In various transactions,
but had no direct evidence and could not get
it. He Is now In a place where he cannot do
any more such work. Ilia credits have not
yet been taken away. He had one of the best
positW is held by any convict.
John M. Chretien was for a long time
clerk in the turnkey's office. Subse
quently he was promoted to head book
keeper at the prison.
A convict named Carl Van Dlven. doing »tx
years for burglary, was paroled May 14,
Van Dlven had $491 to his credit. According
to prison accounts he had only $441. He was
$50 ehort. I investigated and found an order
signed ty Van Diven for $50. It was shown
him, but he stoutly denied ever having signed
the order. Captain Swan, who has control of
the convict cash, claimed to know nothing
about it.
Chretien was deprived of his easy
berth as head accountant of the prison
and now suffers the ignominy of work
ing alongside of the most desperate
characters' in the Jute mill. In all
probability he will be required to wear
prison garb for the entire remaining
period of his term. The matter will
be taken up by the State Board of
Prison Directors to-morrow morning.
From circumstances surrounding the
case will not only be denied parole,
but will be deprived of over threa
years' credits.
Chretien cam* to San Quentin De
cember 13, 1900. With credits he would
leave San Quentin the last part of this
year. He will not now be liberated
until June 30, 1907.
Warden Tompklns when Interviewed
tp-nlght, said:
Chretien was sent up for forgery
committed In San Francisco In De
cember, 1900. With only a short time
to serve and with fine chances of being
paroled within a few months, he has
signed another man's name. This time
he attempted to deprive a fellow con
vict of $30 sent him by relatives. By
the merest accident the little game was
foiled.
SAN QUENTIN, June 17.— While
serving a ten-year sentence for forgery-
John M. Chretien has committed the
same crime inside the prison walls for
which he was convicted as a free man.
He has made a fac simile of a signature,
and by so doing came very near obtain
ing a sum of money from a fellow
convict.
Special Dl»r*tch to Tho Call.
The committee then adjourned until
10 o'clock Monday morning, all the con
tests before it having been settled.
Senator Scott of West Virginia to
day issued the 'following, which may
have significance in view of the fact
that Senator Scott has been quoted as
being a candidate for the chairman
ship of the national committee:
"I think that the precedent of the
party should be and will be followed
in the 'selection of a chairman an<5
that the wishes of the candidate for
President will be followed. I am not
informed as to what the President's
wishes are, but we must go into the
campaign united behind the chairman,
whoever he Is."
A resolution was passed to the effect
that the members of the Republican
National Committee from all the States
and Territories and the District of Co
lumbia are instructed to call a meet-
Ing of their respective delegations for
a time not later than the evening of
Monday, June 20, for the selection of
members of the various convention
committees.
A long list of minor employes such
as doorkeepers, reading clerks and
pages was adopted, as reported by the
sub-committee.
While the contest is practically
settled eo far as the national conven
tion Is concerned, the dispute among
the two factions of Wisconsin Repub
licans is not ended. Wisconsin courts
are tp be asked to determine which of
the two State conventions recently
held In Wisconsin was entitled to have
the names cf its nominees for State of
ficers placed on the official ballot under
the regular party name.
The "stalwarts' " delegates at large
who are seated are Senator John C.
Spooner, Senator Joseph V. Quarles,
Congressman J. W. Babcock and Emil
Baensch.
After the national committee had de
cided against the supporters of the
Governor from Wisconsin, the leaders
isi the La Follette side announced their
determination to carry their fight to
the end and it Is probable that in spite
of the decision of the committeemen
that the dispute will again be fought
out befcrre the committee on creden
tials in the national convention.
Missouri and Texas contests were de
cided, in the latter State the Lyon fac
tion winning the delegates at large.
The committee affirmed the report of
the sub-committee in the selection of
temporary officers for the convention.
These will be Charles' W. Johnson of
Minneapolis, secretary; John R. Malloy
of Ohio, first assistant secretary; Elihu
Root, temporary chairman; William E.
Stone, sergeant at arms; David C.
Owens, Milwaukee, first assistant ser
geant at arms.
CHICAGO, June 17.— By unanimous
vote the Republican National Commit
tee decided to seat the delegates at
large from Wisconsin, who are mem
bers of the "stalwart" faction, headed
by United States Senators John C.
Spooner and Joseph V. Quarles and
opposed to the Republicans led by Gov
ernor Robert La Follette.
FORT HAJCCOCK. Texas, June 17.—
Rev. Bryan C. Roach, who was ar
rested here and charged with the em
b<?xzlernent of 5*00 from the Remington
Typewriter Company, made a daring
escape from an officer while being
taken to El Paso for trial. He Jumped
through an open window of the car
while the train was running forty miles
en hour and fled across the river Into
Mexico, where he is in hiding.
Rev. Mr. Roach Is a prominent Meth
odist minister of West Texas.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, June 17.— An information
was to-day filed by Prosecuting Attor
ney Campbell In the Superior Court
against the "Washington Match Com
pany and its officers to wind up the
corporation's affairs, to declare its
franchise forfeited, to oust the indi
vidual defendants from usurping the
offices of the company and to disburse
the assets among the creditors.
The information recites the organiza
tion of the company three years ago
by Lucius T. Holes, former Congress
man James Hamilton Lewis, Thomas
M. Hopwood and Charles H. O. Jack
son for the ostensible purpose of man
ufacturing matches. It is alleged that
the organization proceeded no further
than the filing of articles, wherein.
Holes, Hopwood, Jackson and Lewis
were elected trustees for the first six
months, Lewis being chosen president.
The capital stock was fixed at $1,200,000
in $5 shares.
The Prqsecuting Attorney avers that
the capital stock has never been sub
scribed except in the following manner:
Hopwood, Hardin, Jackson and Lewis
subscribed one share each for the pur
pose of enabling them to act as officers,
and Holes subscribed all the remaining
shares. Stock to the amount of 5100,000
was sold in the East. No matches were
made.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call
Prisoner Safely Lands and
Makes Tracks Across River
Into Mexican Territory
Warden Orders the San Fran
ciscan to Don Stripes and
He May Lose His Credits
James Hamilton Lewis Pres
ident of Institution That
Is Said to Be Unlawful
LEAPS OUT OF WINDOW
La Follette, Despite Decision
of Body, Announces His
Intention to Fight to End
STRUGGLE NOT YET OVER
VICTD! MAKES TROUBLE
STOCK IS SOLD ABROAD
Lawyer Convict Forges Fel
low Inmate's Xame to an
• Order for Sum of Money
Divine, Under Arrest for Em
bezzlement, Gains Liberty
by Jump From Fast Train
Republican Committee Beo
ognizes Wisconsin Dele
gates Opposed by Governor
Proceedings Are Begun to
Settle Up Affairs of Wash
ington Hatch Concern
County Commissioners at Fair Plan Mammoth Reception for Purposes of
Showing to Strangers to West the Marvelous Development of California
and Wonders Produced in the Glorious Land of Sunshine and Flowers
MAKES ESCAPE
IN DARING WAY
CHRETIEN TRIES
HIS OLD TRICKS
GIVES SEATS
TO STALWARTS
SET APART A DAY IN WHICH TO CALL
WORLD'S ATTENTION TO GOLDEN STATE
SAY COMPANY
IS FRAUDULENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 18, 1004.
3
ADVESTISEBLENTS.
So far as they go, Schilling's
Best take doubt and difficulty
out of getting your table
supplies.
No other soap in
the world is used so
much ; or so little of
it goes so far.
Sold nil over the world.
ADVEBTISEUENTS.
• W Y MM
Without Paying
Extravagant flllllilW
Prices for Xw^^lilt
His Clothes ('^P^lSi
Can't Do Better \S5Jp53M 1
Than to W ''WSt0j~L
Come Here l*hff~£-^~ •
Let Us Outfit Him
We've got everything he needs, from hose to
hats — and all between, except the shoes-
Trunks, Valises, Suitcases
' to put them in. •"
Outing Suits for negligee wear are now in
season. . '. .
;§§ $7! to $25^
Straw Hats to wear with them at right prices.
» RQOSBROS.
K EAR NY AT POST."Whafa In a name?" Wall. WlllUm, think
¦tf the bother to buiy men were "Old Gilt Edge
WhUkey" changed to another name — any other
r.air.« — well, William? •
ADDITIONAL IDENTIFICATIONS.
* i _____
Friends Claim the Bodies of Victims of
the Slocum Disaster.
NEW YORK, June 17. — Additional
identifications of dead made to-day at
the Morgue were:
Lane,- George.
Merseles, Matilda.
Michaels, Carrie.
Marshall,, Daniel.
Meyers, Elizabeth.
Morris, Kate.
Ramenelkamp, Stella.
Stolz, Bessie.
Salkman, Margaret.
Stahl,' Emanuel.
Schmedling, Annie.
George.
Tlmm. Hedwig.
Vetter, Frederick.
EJECTING PASSENGER
COSTLY TO RAILROAD
Los Angeles Man Gets Verdict for
94000 Damages Against the
Southern Pacific.
SAN JOSE, June 17.— Robert H. Elser
Of Los Angeles was given a verdict
against the Southern Pacific Company
by^ a jury to-night for $4000 damages
for violent .ejectment from a train in
this city on August 23 last. The tes
timony showed that a relative of Elser
purchased three special excursion tick
ets from Los Angeles to the Jeffries-
Corbett fight at San Francisco and
wrote the names on the tickets hlm
belf, with the sanction of the selling 1
agent, instead of requiring the users
to indorse them. Elser, when request
ed to write his name for identification,
explained the circumstances, but was
not believed.
After his ejectment he was locked
up overnight in the city prison under
the direction of the railroad conductor.
SEVEN- YEAR-OLD GIRL
RESCUES HER PLAYMATE
Child Is Drowning AVhen at Great
Risk Her Companion Pulls Her
From the Water.
SAN RAFAEL, June 17.— Little Edna
Shaw is the heroine of the ho'ur at San
Quentin. Alma Duffy is Just 9 years
old, and was drowning. The Shaw
child, who is younger by two years,
saved her life. It seems that the two
children, who are daughters of prison
officials, were out picking water cress
on^the bay shore. The little Duffy girl
lost her balance and fell in. .She could
not swim, and was fast becoming ex
hausted. Her companion, at the risk
of her own life, went into the water
and by the aid of a plank succeeded in
reaching her companion. After con
siderable effort both children reached
shore.
HEARS DEATH SENTENCE
SPOKEN THIRD TIME
Supreme Court Passes on Case of
Clilnesc Murderer at Son Jose
and He Must Han?.
SAN JOSE, June 17.— For the third
time the death sentence will be pro
nounced upon Lee Look next Friday
morning at 10 o'clock. The remittltur
has just been received from the Su
preme Court sustaining the death sen
tence imposed by the lower court. On
March 14, 1001, Lee Look shot and kill
ed Lee Wing. The first trial resulted
in a disagreement and the second gave
a verdict- of murder in the first de
gree. The verdict of death sentence
was set aside because it was not shown
in the complaint that tne man mur
dered was a human being.
ICE MOVES OUT AND
STEAMERS START NORTH
First Fleet, Carrying 3000 Passen
gers, Is Probably Safe at i
Cape Nome.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 17.— A Daw
son special says: Telegraphic advices
from St. Michael are that the ice
moved out of the bay there to-day.
The first fleet of steamers for' Nome,
carrying S000 passengers, is probably
safe at Nome. A number of vessels
have boen beating off shore for eleven
days waiting for the ice to clear.
CASE AGAINST IIULSE
vvVj IN HANDS OF THE JURY
Evidence Completed in Trial of Man
for the Murder of a Deputy ¦
Sheriff at Uakcrsficld.
< BAKERSPIELD, Cal., June 17.— The
case of the people vs. Alfred ¦ Hulse,
charged with the murder of Deputy
Sheriff William E. Tibbett in the fa
mous battle at the josshouse on April
19, 1903, went to the jury late this aft
ernoon. District Attorney "Laird occu
pied the greater part. of the day with
his closing argument. 1
Earthquake. Shock at Callstoga.
CALISTOGA, June - 17.— A slight
shock of earthquake was felt here this
morning. at 7:28 o'clock. The vibrations
were from. east to west. No damage
is reported. ' , [ : • .
NEW YORK, June 17.— The sentiment
in Wall street to-day was largely influ
enced by the attitude assumed by the
stockholders of the Southern Pacific
and others toward the financial plan
recently/announced. A further discus
sion and reflection on the proposals of
the j Southern Pacific management
seemed to demonstrate pretty clearly
the fact that the plan to raise J JO, 000,000
in cash by the sale of 7 per cent pre
ferred stock, and the right to authorize
an issue of JlOO.OOQ.OOi}, has not been fa
vorably received: This sentiment was
evidenced by liquidation in Southern
Pacific, which affected the entire mar
ket.
The fact that the Southern Pacific
Company reserved the right to redeem
the preferred stock at 115 within a pe
riod of five years after July 1. 1905,
brought about a decided change in the
estimated status of the new preferred
stock, as well as the rights accruing
on present stock. It was quite gener
ally believed that the new stock would
sell above 115, but the redemption
clause carried with it the conviction
that the new stock would sell some
where between that figure and 120. The
course of the rights on the curb, where
they are now traded in. together with
the decline in the stock to 117. con
firmed the general impression. The
suggestion was also made that no mat
ter what refunding process was put
into operation the new preferred stock
would probably be funded into bonds.
SnOOTS HIS COMPANION ¦*¦
AND SURRENDERS AT ONCE
Slayer Alleges Self-Defense for a
Crime Committed on the North
ern Border of State.
APHLAND, Or., June 17.— News has
reached here of a tragedy at Picard.
in Butte Creek Valley, California. ea3t
of Ashland, in which George Potter, a
young man of Ashland, wa.i shot and
killed, and his companion, named Mc-
Kay, seriously wounded by a man
named Snyder at a cabin near the
Picard postofflce. Snyder \>«nt to Kerto,
Klamath County, and gave himself up
to the officers, claiming that the shoot
ing was dene in defense of his property.
The report is being persistently cir
culated in local railroad and financial
circles that the recent incorporation of
a company to build a six-mile road
from Oakdale, the southern terminus
of the Sierra Railway, to Riverbank, a
station on the line of the Santa Fe, is
the forerunner of a bigger deal, involv
ing the transfer of ownership of the
Sierra Railway. x
According to the information now in
the possession of men of finance, Wil
liam R. Thorsen of Wisconsin, head of
the syndicate which purchased the
West Side Lumber Company's plant in
Tuelumne County two years ago and
has Just incorporated the company
which will build the road from Oakdale
to Riverbank. has secured an option
on the Sierra Railway property. It Is
claimed that Thorsen, since he first
came to California two years ago, has
been quietly working for the Santa Fe
Company with a view of securing for
it a foothold in the big timber dis
tricts in Tuolumne and adjacent coun
ties, and while engineering this scheme
he took advantage of an opportunity
to purchase the West Side Lumber
Company's interests.
RIPLEY STEALS A MARCH.
About a year ago a company, in
which Thorsen is said to have been the
backer, incorporated for the purpose
of building a road from a point on the
Sierra Railway to Claus, a station of
the Santa Fe. The attempts of the
company to secure rights of way were
thwarted by the Southern Pacific It
was then that Thorsen, acting under
advice of the president and other lead
ing officials of the Santa Fe. under
took another project and before the
Southern Pacific Company realized the
fact the newly incorporated company,
known N as the Oakdale and Western
Railroad, had obtained the necessary
rights of way between Riverbank and
Oakdale and "let Its contract for grad
ing. Before accomplishing this much,
however, Thorsen had been dealing
witlulhe stockholders of the Sierra
Railway and obtained an option in his
Own name, but which, in reality. Is for
the Santa Fe Company.
THORSEN HURRIES EAST.
The option guarantees Thorsen con
trol of the road as soon as he has
made a sufficient financial advance
ment on the major portion of the stock
that is bonded to him and to carry out
this object he is now in the East.con
ferring with the representatives of
the Santa Fe. During the progress of
the recent deal Thorsen "made his head
quarters at the Palace Hotel and was
dally in conference with Captain A. H.
Payson at the local offices of the Santa
Fe read. The Sierra Railway is a val
uable acquisition to the Santa Fe in
that it gives it a rich field in which
to operate, and guarantees it a large
share of the lumber traffic which orig
inates in the Tuolumne timber dis
trict.
"As Secretary of the Department of
Commerce and Labor, I am the head
of the Federal inquiry into this' af
fair and I propose to give it my per
sonal and in so far as possible my un
divided attention until the matter- Is
finally settled. As soon as practicable
the Board of Inspectors will get to
gether and take testimony. This in
quiry will be separate and distinct
from any proceedings brought by city,
State or county officials. V* V"
CORTELYOU TO INVESTIGATE.
"I want to correct an impression
that seems to have gone abroad that
this investigation will be left to sub
ordinates in the department. This. is
absolutely untrue. I will hold the in
quiry myself and will have ample as
sistance from the most prominent and
efficient men in the department.
Every one who can throw the least
light upon the matter will be brought
before the board and the taking of
testimony will continue so long as any
one can be found who can aid us in
arriving at a correct estimate of the
facts. The sittings of the board will
continue until the whole . truth is
known." . .
While the divers and others were
busy looking for- bodies to-day the
steamer Grand Republic, . the sister
ship of the General Slocum, parsed- up
the river with a party of excursionists
on board. Every , deck was crowded.
As .the vessel. neared the point where
the divers were working on the wreck-
"I wish to say that a most thorough
investigation will be made into the
most awful tragedy and that no stone
will be left unturned to lay bare the
whole truth with regard to it.
Secretary Cortelyou, who had a long
conference with Robert S. Rodie, in
spector of the Second District of
New York, after his arrival here, said
to-day that he would give his per
sonal attention to the Federal investi
gation of the Slocum disaster. Mr.
Cortelyou said:
The distressing concentration of the
blow of the disaster is shown by the
fact that in one apartment house on
Eighth street there are thirty-five
dead, while in a Rivington-street house
sixteen bodies await burial. '
Preliminary steps ,have been taken
for three distinct investigations of the
disaster. These are being undertaken
by the Federal authorities through the
Department of Commerce, by the Coro
ner's office and by the District Attor
ney. The Coroner's inquest will begin
on .Monday next and Captain Van
Schaick- of the Slocum and six of his
crew lie in a hospital with a police
man at the bedside of each. They are
at present detained as witnesses. The 1
authorities are rapidly gathering such
evidence as will be needed in ascertain
ing whether or "not there -was neglect
or carelessness in the safety appli
ances of the vessel.' First Officer Ed
ward Flanagan of the Slocum is quoted
in an Interview as saying that the
steamer's flre hose, was rotten and use
less and that it burst in a dozen places
when he and his men tried-to use it.
The charge Is also made that the life
preservers on the vessel were old and
rotten and in most instances proved in
adequate when used. Several papers
to-day print pictures of preservers
taken from the Slocum which bear in
black letters this inscription:
"Passed by United States Steamboat
Inspector, June 18, 1891."
BOATS FASTENED BY WIRES.
William Thembly, a deckhand, cor
roborates Flanagan's statement regard
ing the defective fire hose and it is re
ported that evidence has been secured
showing that some of the life boats
were made fast by wires, making it
impossible for them to be cast loose
and lowered. All the men who have
made these statements will be called
as witnesses by the Coroner.
Police boats and other, harbor craft.
still maintain their patrol of the waters
of the East River in the vicinity of the
accident in the hope of recovering
bodies.
NEW YORK, Juno 17.— Forty-eight
hours after the burning of the steamer
General Slocum the exact number of
victims is still unknown. Up to the
rresent time the total number of
bodies recovered is 560, and of these
£21 have been identified. With no more
arrivals at the Morgue for several
hours, hope began to be felt that^tho
awful total had been completed, but it
was soon shattered by a report that
divers at work on the hulk of the Slo
cum had discovered a mass of bodies
wedged in one of the paddle boxes.
How many corpses there will prove to
be in this place will not be known for
some hours, as they will not be dis
turbed until the Coroner is on the
scene. One hopeful phase of the sit
uation is the steady decrease in the
number of missing, though it is still
appallingly large, the number being
somewhere between 400 and 500. The
various officials whose positions brings
them into touch with the disaster still
adhere to the belief that when all is
tojd it will be found that between 900
and 1000 persons perished.
The sad' task of burying the dead
began to-day. A meeting of the Ger
man Lutheran ministers of the city
was held and a programme of services
arranged. While in many instances a
Joint service will be held over several
bodies, nevertheless the clergymen of
this denomination have a herculean
task before them in administering the
last rites over the dead of their faith.
BLOW IS CONCENTRATED.
Identified Bodies . Cannot Be Found
When Called For by Friends.
MUDDLE -AT THE MORGUE.
known dead will be placed there side
by side.
Many thousands of dollars have been
Hubscribed for the relief of the unfor
tunate*T3urvlvors.
Indications of a Hot Fight
in Democratic State Camp
Between McXab andTarpey
Rich Wisconsin Lumberman
Acting in the Interest
of Transcontinental Line
Clause Giving the Company
.Right to Redeem at 115 in
Five Years Proves Bugbear
At various hospitals where the in
jured are It was said to-day their con
dition is satisfactory. There are now
only 53 victims of the disaster In the
hospitals.
It developed to-day that a new hor
ror had been added to the terrible con
ditions resulting from the Slocum dis
aster through the over-offlciousness of
some person at the Morgue. Asa re
sult some of the bodies probably never
will be identified and will go to a last
resting place in the humble plat fur
nished by the city's charity. When the
bodies were taken by hundreds from
the water and laid in rows on the grass
at North Brother Island each was tag
ged with a number. That number was
carefully recorded and" the papers, val
uables and trinkets which would have
served to positively identify the bodies
were removed and placed In separate
packages, each package bearing a
number corresponding to the number
on the body from which the articles
were taken. These packages then were
placed in the custody of the Coroner.
Scores of the bodies at the Morgue
were burned or bruised beyond recog
nition, but it was hoped that all might
be claimed by friends by means of the
papers and Jewelry. ,
When the bodies were taken to the
Morgue they were placed in numbered
boxes, but in many cases these num
bers did not correspond with the fig
ures the bodies had previously borne.
As a result the plans were completely
upset and the numbered packages of
valuables became practically worthless
aB a means of identifying the owners.
MORGUE RECORDS INCOMPLETE.
One case which came to the attention
of the officials to-day was that of A.
T. Hill of Wllllamsburg. Hill called
at the morgue yesterday and Identified
the bodies of his brother-in-law, Will
iam RIchter, and the wife of the lat
ter, and they were removed to the of
fice of an undertaker. In the afternoon
the bodies of Catherine and .Lillian
Richter, 3 and 4 years old, respectively,'
also.' were identified by hi: . When he
called at the morgue to-day with an
undertaker who was to attend to the
burial of the bodies they could not be
found. The bodies were, numbered 173
and X75 respectively and the authorities
at the morgue - have no record of any
such bodies, having been given to any
one, though they had a record of iden
tification made by, HilJ yesterday.
It. is thought: that, some undertaker
was given the bodies in place of two
others which he .'should have taken,
INJURED ARE IMPROVING.
Discussions as to the best means for
preventing such disasters have brought
out expressions, of opinion by several
leading shipbuilders and naval archi
tects that it Is easily possible to con-
Btruct vessels of the type of the Gen
eral Slocum In such a way as to make
them comparatively safe. These ex
perts believe the free use of steel in
the construction of the upper works
would Involve a greater expense than
builders of excursion craft .are ready
to Incur. They believe that a safe boat
constructed with bulkheads, corru
gated Iron partitions and fireproof ma
terials, might be built for about 20 to
30 per cent more than the cost of a
wooden vessel such as the General Slo
cum. . . ... ;. .
One leading; constructor expressed
the idea that every vessel should have
bulkheads j of light double plating,
filled with asbestos. These should
so fitted that they could be swung
or dropped across certain parts of the
steamer when necessary without ob
structing free passage at other times.
All machinery should be incased m
metal to the top deck. Decks should
be supported by metal framework and
fireproof materials wherever possible.
Inflammable stuff, he. said, should be
barred. , >
Divers had explored the wreck of
the steamer yesterday and reported
that no iriore bodies were. to be found
there, but to-day a diver who was at
work on the sunken hull found a large
number of bodies packed tightly inside
one of the paddle wheels.
Nearly all of the bodies recovered
yesterday were "found in the mud close
to the westerly shore of North Brother
Island, where the Slocum was fir3t
beached and where hundreds went to
their death.
DISCUSSING THE DISASTER.
ed vessel .the police boat Patrol
whistled for. the' Grand. Republic to
slow down bo as not to disturb the
divers, but, according to the;pollce, no
attention was paid to the warning
signals. It was only when the Grand
Republic was almost upon the divers'
float nnd the waves .made by the vessel
began to hiako the float, rock and sway
that thcpliot seemed to realize that he
should '" obey the signals and slowed
down ! elightljr.\ By the time the Grand
Republic -was abreast of; the wreck,
however,- all ; steam was put on again
and the ; boat' proceeded *up the sound.
ANOTHER LIVE BABY FOUND.
Saved from the wreck of the ill-fated
steamer General Slocum there Is a lit
tle unknown boy at Lebanon Hospital.
Blue eyed, golden haired and plump,
the little fellow creeps about the wards,
wondering what has caused so much
excitement.
Nurses -of the island hospital, In
specting the. dead, found the baby
where a policeman had laid him. down
to be tagged with the other unknown
dead.- Thoy r hurriedly carried him to
the '.reception; hospital dormitory.
Warm njjllk and sleep brought the lit
tle one around- to laughing, prattling,
crying healthiness.
Late in • the afternoon the baby was
sent to the Lebanon Hospital, where it
was the only bright spot in the place
of sorrow and pain. A man, one of
the long line^who scanned the faces
of the children, anxiously seeking " for
his own, missing.: ones, saw the baby
late at night and said he thought he
knew the parents. He went out to
pearch for them, but has not returned
to the hospital.
through a confusion in the numbers.
John J.- Coakley, a deckhand on the
General Slocum, made a statement be- ¦.
fore Coroner Berry to-day that the
flames were first discovered in hay
"tt ; hich had been use<J In packing bar- j
rels of glassware. Those barrels were
placed in a storeroom where oil was j
stored. He also said that vihfp. the
hose was unrolled " it kinked so batHy
that it burst when water was turned
on. H«| testified, in addition to this,
that the boat was passing Blackwells I
Island, opposite Ninety-sixth street>!
when the fire was discovered. Others
have variously said that there was no
sign of flre until One Hundred and
Thirty-seventh street or One Hundred
and Thirty-eighth street was reached, i
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
PLAY PRACTICAL JOKES
THORSEX EFFECTS DEAL
SCHEME IS DISCUSSED
Brokers Look With Disfavor
Upon, Southern Pacific's
Issue of Preferred Stock
California's Representatives
to Republican Convention
Will Reach Chicago To-Day
SAXTA CHUZ IN FAVOll
Call for Aiigust Convention
of Each Party Will Be
Formally Issued To-Day
Santa Fe Secures Option
on the Railroad Built
by Prince Poniatowski
First Officer of the, Destroyed Vessel Says That the Fire Hose Was Rotten
and Useless and That It Burst in a Dozen Places When He and His
Assistants Tried to It, and Deckhands Corroborate His Story
PREPARATIONS
FOR CAMPAIGN
DELEGATION
ENJOYS TRIP
RIPLEY AFTER
SIERRA LINE
DISLIKE PLAN
OF RAILROAD
BURNING OF THE STEAMER SLOGUM
IS TO BE THOROUGHLY INVESTIGATED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE IS, ,11)04.
Governor Pardee Circulates
Story That for a Time
Causes Gunst Uneasiness
By F. W. BISHOP.
Staff Coms;x>ni!ent of The Call
ON BOARD CALIFORNIA DELE
GATION'S SPECIAL TRAIN, OMAHA,
Neb., June 17. — Governor Pardee's pen
chant fur practical Jokes and the him
csty of Colonel Kowalsky's colored
volet. Bob Jackson, served to enliven
for a time to-day the wearying trav
elers.
In the first instance the Governor let
it be noised about that he was en
gaged in endeavoring to create an op
position to M. A. Gunst, who seeks to
represent California on the committee
that will formally notify Roosevelt of
his nomination. As soon as Gunst's
discomfiture was manifested to a de
gree satisfactory to all concerned, an
nouncement was made that the Gov
ernor was only indulging in his desire
to joke. Then Gunst opened the wine.
The incident in which Kowalsky's
valet was the '"honest hero" happened
this way. Bob was directed by the Col
onel to leave the train during the stop
at Cheyenne and file a telegram.
When the train was about to pull out
It was said that Bob was not on the
station platform and it was necessary
to delay the start until he could be
located.
Finally he was found in his em
ployer's drawing-room.
"Why didn't you tell me you got
back so we could start?" said the con
ductor, angrily.
"Because Ah didn't got back. Ah
never did <go," answered Bob. "Ah
found diamonds." In Bob's ebony hand
ten diamonds sparkled. He had found
them on a car step as he was leaving
to file the telegram.^
The find took his breath, he forgot his
mission and returned to the Colonel's
compartment to report his luck. An
investigation disclosed the fact that
the gems were the property of Mrs. Dr.
Karsner of Oroville. She had not dis
covered the loss until announcement
was made that the sparklers had been
found. Then, in her excitement, she
rewarded the Pullman porter, but
"right will prevail" and a "committee"
was appointed to see that the porter
disgorged in favor of Bob.
For hundreds of miles the train has
sped to-day across the rolling prairie
land of Wyoming, fresh with the show
ers of early summer, and through the
green fields and woods of Nebraska.
All of the delegates, undisturbed by
politics, the only important question,
that of national commltteeman, having
been settled in favor of Knight, settled
down and enjoyed to the fullest extent
the refreshing change from the desert
of Nevada and the dusty heights of
Utah.
The sDeed of the train has been tre
mendous to-day. Between Green River,
Wyo., and Omaha more than sixty
miles an hour was maintained, eighty
eight miles an hour being the maximum
attained. The train reached Green
River two hours and forty-five minutes
behind schedule, but arrived here at
8:45 o'clock, twenty-five minutes ahead
of schedule. This time was made up in
a* distance of 825 miles, and every one
admits that it was a great feat in rail
roading.
To-morrow at 10 a. m. Chicago will
be reached. Elaborate preparations for
the entry of the delegates Into the city
have been made. Carriages will be in
waiting, a brass band will be ready,
and when the Auditorium is reached
the East will know without mistake
that the Farthest West has come to
cast its vote for Roosevelt.
The delegations from Hawaii, the
Philippines and Nevada will join Cali
fornia in the parade, but when the
Auditorium is reached the Nevada
delegation will depart for independent
and unattached headquarters in the
Great Northern Hotel, as befits an in
dependent, sovereign State. _ '
their convention at Santa Cruz on Mon
day and Tuesday, - August 22 and 23.
LIVERXASII TALKS. \
The Iroquols Club gave an Informal
reception last night to Congressman E.
J. Llvernash at Pythian Castle. The
hall was well filled with the members
of the club and many outsiders.
After a short introductory speech
by William H. Kline, president of the
club, • Mr. Livernash ¦ started in by
giving a few experiences in Congress.
Soon, however, he branched to capital
and labor. He scored the monopolies
and declared that the workingman's
salvation lies in labor unions and the
voting of the Democratic ticket. His
closing remarks reviewed the work of
the Democratic party, which he said
was "wrong once in a while, and some
times entirely wrong (being a human
institution), but whose maxim is, the
greatest good for the greatest num
ber."
The executive committee of the Re
publican State Central Committee met
last night at party headquarters. Pal
ace Hotel, and framed a call to be pre-
Bented for adoption at a meeting of
the general committee to-day. It Is
recommended that the delegates to the
State Convention assemble on Thurs
day. August 25. The Impression pre
vails that the committee meeting in
the Palace Maple room to-day will des
ignate Santa Cruz as the place for
liolding the convention. The appor
tionment adopted is the same as that
vhich applied to the May convention of
the party, or one delegate for e-£h 200
votes cast for Governor Pardee in 1902
and one Oelegate for a majority frac
tion thereof. This will create a
convention of 734 delegates. The
Lumber accredited to San Francisco
is 121. apportioned as follows to
the respective Assembly districts:
Twenty-eighth. 5; Twenty-ninth, 5;
Thirtieth. 6; Thirty-first, 5; Thirty
second, S; Thirty-third, 3; Thirty
rcurth, C; Thirty-fifth. 8; Thirty-sixth,
7. Thirty-seventh. 9; Thirty-eighth.
30; Thirty-ninth. 5; Fortieth. 8; Forty.
Erst. 7; Forty -second, 9; Forty-third, S;
Forty -fourth. S; Forty-nfth. 6.
In San Francisco, Oakland, Los An
peles. Sacramento, San Diego, Stock
ton. Alameda, Berkeley, Fresno, Pasa
dena, Yallejo and the county of Santa
Clara the delegates are to be chosen
under the provisions of the primary
election law on Tuesday, August 9. In
counties or Assembly districts where
the provisions of the primary law are
not mandatory delegates may be ap
pointed or elected in such manner as
may be determined by the respective
county committees. The test to be re
quired of a voter is a "bona ride pres
ent intention of supporting the nomi
nees of the Republican party at the
iitxt ensuing election.*'
COXGHESS AND LEGISLATURE.
With reference to Congressional and
legislative nominations the call can
t-ins these requirements:
That *hfr» no petition shall have b**n filed
by a Cor-fiT^FFiooal district committee for the
• eetion or separate delegates to the Congres
sional district convention at Rail primary
• ..-•.¦ n to be held on Auguet 9, llxM. the dele
gates elected to t aid State convention from the
fceveral Assembly districts, cou&Uea or city
• nd county, constituting such Congressional
district, shall i« th« delegates to the Con-
Frewtorml district convention to nominate a
candidate for Repreoentative In Congress from
men district, and to Mrlect a Congressional
dUtrict rommittt* therefor.
That the deleeat«a to said State convention
from each Assembly and odd numbered Sen
ctorlal district may nominate ¦ candidate for
member of Aiserr.bly and State Senator, pro-
Mdfcd there has cot been a district commit
\r* petition filed for the election of Aesem
!'!>¦ or Senatorial district convention delegate*
therHn. or provision made by the respective
CMttjr committee* for the selection of legisla
tive candidates.
It Is believed that separate conven
tions will be petitioned for in the Third,
Fourth and Fifth Congressional dis
tricts.
The meeting: of the executive com
mittee last evening was attended by
Ceorg- Stone, chairman; E. F. Wood
ward, secretary; James K. Wilson,
treasurer; Robert T. Devlin, P. S. Tel
ler, W. S. Wood, A. H. Ashley, H. W.
Lynch, and Jacob Shaen, assistant sec
tary.
The convention will nominate Presi
dential Electors to be voted for at the
general election, Tuesday, November 8,
1904.
The subject of registration engaged
the attention of the committee for a
considerable length of time last night.
According to a decision of the Supreme
Court, deputies or clerks employed by
County Clerks to register voters can
not be paid from funds of the county,
hence party clubs may be urged to
aseiBt in bringing about a complete
registration cf voters.
McNAB AND TARPEY.
The new Democratic State Central
Committee v.iJl meet for organization
In the California Hotel at 1 p. "m. to
day. Lively times are expected, as a
fight is on between Gavin McXab and
M. F. Tarpey for possession of the
•uorks. The McXab forces will support
William J. McGee of San Francisco for
chairman. Tarpey's followers will line
up for M. F. Cochrane of San Rafael.
A battle for the secretaryship is also
foreshadowed. Last night the leaders
cf each faction were confident of suc
crEf. It remains to be seen whether
Frank H. Gould, chairman of the late
Eanta Cruz convention, or Barney Mur
phy, chairman of the old State Central
Committee, will call the meeting to or
der. Comments of this kind were made
in the "organisation" camps last night:
"McNab would not be so absolutely
cure of winning out if he had not gone
over the roll carefully and ascertained
beyond doubt that a majority will vote
lor McGee."
In the Hearst camp it waa said:
"Tarpey would not be so positive of
Cochrane's election if he had not gone
flown the line and checked every mem
ber of the committee."
The Democrats may resolve to hold
ALLEGED -ALASKAN SCANDALS
WILL BE PROBED BY DAY
Inability of Young to Accept Appolnt-
nient Causes Selection of Assist
ant Attorney General.
WASHINGTON. June 17.— Attorney
General Knox has been Informed by
United States District Attorney Young
for the Western District of Pennsyl
vania that. he Is unable to accept his
appointment as special assistant at
torney general to investigate the al
leged scandals In, the Judiciary of
Alaska and Assistant Attorney General
William A. Day has been designated
instead. Judge Day will leave ' for
Alaska about the 28th inst.
4
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE AUGUST
30, 1901.
The Call's Cook Book prem-
!um offer will close on 'August
20, 1904, and all readers of tills
paper who desire a copy of cltls
household treasure should not
fail to place their order im-
mediately. s
This splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of 50
ccnls per copy. Oat of town
orders 25 cents additional to
cover prepayment of tran£{>orta-
tion charges.
Afuufe Ffu teM andMieeiRuMPaDerFRE&to SUNDAY- WANT-AD PATRONS
ADVEBTISEMEOTS.
\ _„.„*_ „ _„ JJ_|HI__
n&C Mutton Chops. *j|
Jl^^So--.^. Materials: — Chops, at least one J^tIk \
\\*&li/I'I !\ \ - mc " thick and neatly trimmed; _Sim3! '
Lea & Perrins 9
Sauce
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE
Seasoning: — F° r broiled chops, steaks, cutlets, etc., nothing is re-
quired save butter and some of Lea <& Perrins' Sauce.
When panned, add to the gravy two or three table-
spoonfuls Vif Lea f& Perrins* Sauce before pouring it -
over the chops.
i JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, Agent*, NBW YOKE.
I : y IN ioiN- -^iB^^ ¦' I
§ SOUTHERN PACIFIC- ""c^s 0 " 1
K PULLMAN AND'gT!' T*» f /*"** f T1C> |«
& TOURIST TO... sZ> 1 • L^V./IJ19 Kg
K June 22d, 23d. July 1st, 2d, 7th, 8th, 13th, 14th m
'% ROUND TRlP-jR<V7..SO ffl
17 Scenes from the car windows, wall maps and handy pocket maps uU
Eg to the World's Fair grounds and handsome Illustrated Ouide Free. |w
m S. 7. BOOTS, General Asrcnt V. P. S. K., Iff]
T_ 1 Montgomery Street, or Sontheni Pacific A?«at», fgt
g UNION - PACIFIC -OMAHA ,|
W c^£/^>-<\sALT LAKE. icttEVTlNNE. \^ —^.QtUCAGO |Train No. 12. Shasta Express, leaving San
Francisco at 8:00 a. m. will connect for Live
Oaks. Chlco and way stations via Davis and
Marytivllle. No. 18, Sacramento Passenger
leaving at 3:30 p. m., will connect at Davis
for Yolo. Willows and way stations. •
New rrhedules for Western and Sacramento
divisions will be adopted June 19, when train
No. 16, Oregon Express, will leave San Fran
cisco at 8:C5 p. rn., Innead of 7:00 p. rn..
and train No. 14, Reno Expresn, at 7:00 p. m.
ln*tead of 8:05 p. m. Train No. 0, Eastern
Exnrr«». leaving San Francisco at, 0:00 p. m.,
and train No. :<, California, Express, which
will arrive San Francisco at 12:00 p. m., will
run via Martinez and Stockton Instead of via
ltcnlcia as at present.
Important Train Service Changes.
Trlns East From the World's Fair.
California and Pacific Coast visitors
to the St. Louis World's Fair who may
wish to Journey eastward can reach
principal cities and towns without chang
ing cars by going over the Vandal la-
Pennsylvania lines, the shortest route
from St. Louis to the East. A regular
daily service of seven through fast ex
press trains from St. Louis to Pittsburg.
and the East enables passengers to leave
the World's Fair city at convenient
hours throughout the day. Purchasers
of flrst-class tickets to Philadelphia or
New York over Vandalla-Pennsylvanla
lines may have them routed via Wash
ington for the asking, permitting a visit
of ten 'days at the national capital and
Baltimore. ' For further information
communicate with E. M. Pomeroy, 621
Market street. San Francisco, CaL •
The application for a writ of habeas
corpus for the release of Leslie Falk
enberg was argued before Judge
Dunne yesterday. The Judge denied
the writ and remanded the prisoner
into the custody of the Sheriff. On
March 30 Judge Mogan sentenced
Falkenberg to serve six months in the
County Jail for maliciously procuring
a warrant for the arrest of Mamie
Garrity for cruelty to a minor child.
Falkenberg had asserted that his
brother was the father of the child,
but it was proved that he himself
was the father and that the charge'
of cruelty was trumped up out of a
spirit of yindictiveness. > —
Falkenberg Writ Denied.
FIgel was last seen two weeks ago
yesterday. At that* time he was on
the water front, going in the direc
tion of the dock where the Sacramen
to and Stockton ( river steamers are
anchored. He spoke to . none of the
acquaintances he met. Subsequently
it was learned that he had issued a
number of fictitious checks and col
lected the money;, upon them.
Theodore Flgel's disappearance is
still unexplained, except that a track
of forged checks has been left behind
to give cause of his absence. His
wife and two children, living at 1341
McAllister street) have been left des-j
titute and the, poor woman protests
she has no knowledge of his where
abouts. '^Twelve years ago she mar
ried him" and bore her burden silently.
Asked if her married life . haid been
happy, she said her application for
divorce- was in the hands of her at
torney. ..Then she broke down -and
wept. . '»> l^-ij ; ' ' »
Two Weeks and Fnmlly^Is
• Destitute.
No Trace of the Missim* Man Had for
THEODORE FIGEL'S WIFE
PREPARES FOR DIVORCE
The testimony showed that McCann
asked the clerk for something to re
lieve cramps In the stomach and that
the clerk gave him bicarbonate of
soda in a liquid which he thought w:is
distilled water, but which proved to be
carbolic acid.
In the inquest held yesterday on the
body of John McCann, accidentally
poisoned with carbolic acid in the
People's drug store on June 5, the
Coroner's Jury returned a verdict of
accidental death and censured the
clerk, C. F. Large, f/)r carelessness.
The Jury recommended that the Su
pervisors pass an ordinance regulating
the arrangement and handling of
poisons in drug stores.
Coroner's Jury Holds C. F. Large Re
sponsible for Accidental Poison
ing of John McCann.
DRUG CLERK CENSURED
FOR IUS CARELESSNESS
William O'Brien walked into a sa
loon at 38 East street yesterday after
noon, and, calling for a 25-cent flask
of whisky, threw down what pur
ported to be a $10 bill in payment.
The bartender discovered that the bill
was a. genuine $1 silver certificate,
which had been raised to $10 by the
use of "pasters." He gave it back to
O'Brien and tried to arrest him, but
O'Brien ran away and was caught by
Patrolman T. P. Maloney. The prisoner
will be turned over to-day to United
States Secret Service Agent George W.
Hazen. Hazen has a dozen similar
notes that O'Brien has passed, to
gether with sufficient evidence to In
sure his . conviction in the Federal
court.
William O'Brien Attempts to Pass u
Pasted Silver Certificate Upon a
Water Front Bartender.
NOTE RAISER CAUGHT
BY A POLICEMAN
The Hammon gold dredgers on the
river east of Marysville are expected to
begin "operations early in July.
During the year ending June 30,' 1903,
the Yukon, territory produced gold to
the value of $12,113,015. The production
of the preceding year was $9,566,340. The
gold . output for >the first mentioned
year was greater than that of any in
the history of the district, the next in
record making being the year of 1899
1900, when the output amounted to $9,
809,464. The large output of last year
was due to the abundance^of water.
The figures relative to the gold produc
tion of the Yukon are taken from the
annual report offhe Department of the
Interior of the Dpmlnlon of Canada.
Work has begun on the Coalinga Oil
and Transportation Company's pipe
line from Coalinga to Monterey. The
line will be 110 miles long.
The Potillo qtlartz mines, nine miles
from Weaverville, have been bonded to
a company for $30,000, according to a
local report. In the group are three
mines.
While excavations were being made
for the Fairchilds building, adjoining
the Masonic Temple, in Placervllle,
pay gravel was discovered. The Placer
vllle Nugget says that one pan was
worth $12. The gravel is being wheeled
to the bank of Hangtown Creek, where
it will be washed with the sluices for
gold.
The Basler Mining and Development
Company has been -incorporated to
work mines thirty miles west of Red
Bluff.
Mining: Notes.
The argument for the peddlers was
made by Curtis Hillyer. Ex-Judge
Murphy appeared for the Commission
ers and Luther/Elkins for the city.
Superior Judge Hunt yesterday heard
arguments and took under submission
the case of William Kamelakls against
the Park Commissioners and the Chief
of Police. The plaintiff is a peddler
and in his suit represents other ped
dlers who seek. to annul the order of
the Park Commissioners excluding
them from plying theii^' business on
the ocean beach, particularly near the
Cliff House. The peddlers contend
that they, solicit trade between high
and low tide and that their ground is
not within the juriwliction of the* Park
Commission. The Commission argues
that the map filed in I860 shows that
the highway extends to the lap of the
water, otherwise, . westward from a
given point, to the Pacific Ocean.^ The
chart of the city of San Francisco rec
ognizes the highway to the lap of the
waters. -^
and the Chief of Police Is
Under Advisement.
Case Against Park Commissioners
PEDDLERS' CASE ARGUED
IN JUDGE HUNT'S COURT
About a year ago Gagan was shot
five times by Mr3. Etta Fitzgibbon in
her rooms at 1 Fifth street. She
claimed he hud attempted to strangle
her, but she was convicted of assault
to murder and is now serving a. term
in San' Quentin. Prior to that time
Gagan was arrested on a charge of
burglary for breaking into the Van
Ness bazaar on Market street, but th<!
charge was reduced to petty larceny.
alarm of fire were booked against him
at the City Prison.
Shortly before 9 o'clock Gagan-en
tered the room of Pauline Pepin in
Bacon place and was leaving with a
bundle under his arm when he was
seen by some of the other women, who
raised an alarm. Gagan fled and dur
ing his flight dropped the bundle in
front of the California Hotel. It con
tained several silk wrappers belong
ing to the Pepin woman.
Policeman Grunwald was notified
and while he was searching for Gagan
an alarm of fire was turned in from
box 4 9, Stockton and Sutter streets.
Grunwald hurried to that corner and
found Gagan, who had turned in the
alarm, in charge of W. Hartnup, a pri
vate citizen. 'Gagan was taken to the
City Prison and was later identified
by the Pepin woman as the man who
entered her room.
Pacific street, shortly after midnight
on June 8, when he underwent the
thrilling experience that placed him
In Judge Mogan's court yesterday as
complainant against John Duzske and
William Jarrett, accused of burglary.
His tale was attentively listened to by
a large delegation from the most ex
clusive set of Barbary Coast society,
and at times it moved the auditors to
deriEive laughter.
According to Mr. Brzezinski's theory
he was the victim of a modern arrange
ment of the antique panel game, said
to have been in active operation long
before the gold brick swindle was first
sprung upon the PomDeilans. He was
entertaining in his apartment a young
lady from an adjacent dance hall who
had manifested preference for his so
ciety when the door was rudely burst
open and two men, believed to be the
defendants, rushed in, and after chid
ing his gallantry relieved him of $360
cash, a watch and chain and three
boxes of cigars. Several detectives and
others gave testimony that served to
help the prosecution, and the defense
will have its inning next Monday.
Miss Raynee Langford, the lady in
the case, haughtily denied collusion
w,jth the defendants, and also tried to
make It appear that her visit to Mr.
Brzezinski's chamber was not volun
tary, as he had insinuated. She went
there, she said, to call upon his two
daughters, each of whom presides over
a "temperance',' saloon owned by the
father, and she said that 12:30 a. m.
was not an unusual hour for ladies to
make social calls in that district.
Joseph Gagan Is Accused of Burglary
and Turning in False
. Alarm of Fire.
Joseph Gagan. who Is not unknown
to the police, got himself into serious
trouble yesterday morning. Charges
of burglary and turning in a false
Elizabeth Johansen yesterday sued
for divorce from her husband, Dedrik,
on the ground of desertion.
Malvina Schell yesterday sue'd for
divorce' from her husband, Bradford
T. Schell, upon the ground of cruelty.
She saj's that they were married at
Rohnerville. Cal., in 1894 and have
one child, 9 years of age, a"hd alleges
that upon various occasions he choked
and struck, her and upon a time when
she met him coming out of a saloon
with another woman on his arm he
denied that the plaintiff was his wife.
Judge Murasky, upon further hear
ing of the case, yesterday took under
submission the application of Dora
Trudgeon for divorce from Daniel A.
Trudgeon, a barber, who deserted her
a day after their marriage.
Divorces were granted yesterday by
Judge Kerrigan to Helen Cookson
from Herbert H. Cookson on the
ground of willful neglect, and by Judge
Hunt to Robert McCord from Fannie
McCord on the ground of desertion.
Mnlvina Schell Wants Divorce for
Cruelty — Other Domestic
Infelicities.
ARRESTED ON FELONY AND
MISDEMEANOR CHARGES
DENIES HIS WIFE IN
PRESENCE OF ANOTHER
None of these young men is more
than 20 years of age. They belong to
respectable families, but fell into bad
company. White and Schwartz for a
time had a handbook on the races and
took bets from sporting women. When
they got a good sum of money to
gether they "welched" on their bets
and left for the East with Antrim.
When they were arrested a letter from
Antrim was found in their possession
and this is 4he basis of the charge
against him. . •
Antrim has been In trouble before
for stealing books from the Polytech
nic School in this city and selling
them to second-hand dealers.
Howard F. Antrim, a youth who
formerly sold cigars in San Francisco,
has been held to answer before the
Federal Grand Jury at Indianapolis,
Ind., for sending an obscene letter
through the mails. / Antrim's uncle,
Henry Fisher, is paymaster for the
Schutt Improvement Company at
Kennedy, Ind., where Antrim was em
ployed.
Antrim is little more than a lad and
until last February kept a small cigar
stand on Mason street, near Ellis, in
this city. He started for the East with
William White and Edward Schwartz,
a few months ago to take' In the
World's Fair at St." Louis. 'White 'and
Schwartz were arrested on 'June 4 in
Cincinnati by Secret Service Agent
Bolan for attempting to pass one dol
lar silver certificates that had been
raised by means of pasters to the de
nomination of $10.
Three Misguided Youths Held
for Crimes Against
Uncle Sam.
The District Attorney's office has an
nounced several times that new evi
dence against the defendant had been
discovered, but the officials have been
very secretive about it. The Justices
insisted yesterday on knowing what
the new evidence was and Harris re
luctantly stated that the defendant had
made a confession to some one who
was now absent fromjthe State. Ken
nedy smiled broadly and one of h ! s
attorneys inquired ! if it was Cooper."
the man to whom Soeder was alleged
to have made a confession.
The court declared that if Hender
son's testimony should be corroborated
the evidence against Kennedy would,
still be Insufficient. The defendant
feels confident that he will be released
and seems to be in the best of spirits.
dence on which the last Indictment
was returned Kennedy will go free.
If not he can be rearrested after be
ing released on writs of habeas'corpus
until he shall have been tried by jury.
TWO SAN FRANCISCO BOYS WHO
ARE UNDER ARREST AT CIN
CINNATI, OHIO.
Later Attorney Cannon, who repre
sents Dr. Brennan, called at the Hall
of Justice with bonds for Brennan's
release. | He was followed by Bren
nan, who was booked at the City
Prison and immediately discharged on
an order signed by Judge Fritz, who
had accepted the bonds.
Cannon denied emphatically that any
attempt at compromise had come from
him or his client and said that they
were prepared to fight the case to a
finish. He supposed that Hassett,
after reflection, had concluded it was
inadvisable to proceed with the case.
"You don't mean to say," queried the
Judge, "that you intend to compound
a felony?"
Hassett disclaimed any such inten
tion and the interview closed by the
Judge refusing to Interfere in the mat
ter. .
A warrant was'at once obtained from
Judge Fritz for Dr. Brennan's arrest
on the charge of grand larceny. A fe'iv
hours, later Attorney Hassett called on
Judge Fritz and asked him to instruct
Policeman Conlon, who had the war
rant, not to serve it. The Judge asked
the reason and Hassett replied that
there was a proposition from the other
side.
Dr. Brennan was accused of em
bezzling over $39,000 in coin and several
articles, the property of Rev. Father
Patrick J. Grey, , former rector of St.
Patrick's Church' Dr. Brennan claim
ed that the property had been given
to him by Father Grey in view of the
fact that Dr. Brennan was to attend
Father Grey professionally for the bal
ance of his life. •
After an argument lasting several
days on the application for a writ of
habeas corpus for the release of Dr.
Thomas F. Brennan, held to answer on
a charge of felony embezzlement,
Judge Gesford of Napa, sitting in de
partment 12 of the Superior Court,
granted the writ yesterday and dis
charged the prisoner. He did so on
the ground tHat the charge should have
been grand larceny. The * complaint
was drawn up by Attorney M. C. Has
sett, special prosecutor, and at the pre
liminary examination Police "Judge
Fritz , expressed the opinion that the
charge should have been grand lar
ceny, but Hassett was of a different
opinion. „ - ,
The Supreme Court has held in an
opinion rendered several weeks ago
that the evidence connecting Kennedy
wTflTthe murder of the policeman was
insufficient. The Grand Jury mean
while has returned another indictment
on the evidence that the Supreme
Court rejected. If the court decides
that it can consider officially the evi-
Attorneys Newburgh and Schooler
appeared for the prisoner and told
hold their client had been nine, times
released and immediately rearrested.
Attorneys Harris and Weller from the
District Attorney's office set forth their
reasons for attempting to hold the de
fendant.
The court was unanimous in an un
official opinion that no indictment
should have been returned in the de
fendant's case, but the Justices were
in some doubt as to whether they had
the legal right to examine the evi
dence submitted to the Grand Jury.
William Kennedy, the negro who is
accused of complicity in the murder
of Policeman Robinson, appeared be
fore the Supreme Court yesterday on
a writ of habeas corpus. Justice Mc-
Farland stated that the only question
to be determined was whether the
court could review an Indictment by
the Grand Jury. The contesting at
torneys were granted five days In
which to file briefs on this point. A
decision may be expected within a
week or two. Meanwhile Kennedy
must remain in jail.
Warrant for Grand Lar
ceny Issued and Request
Made, for Its v Withdrawal
Attorney Taaft narrowly escaped
commitment for contempt of court
¦when he informed Judge Mogan that
it is impossible to make a suit out of
a pair of trousers.
•'If that plea were uttered with in
tent to pun. you should be ashamed
of yourself," said his Honor severely,
••for it has been sprung upon this
court at least fifty times within as
many Tracks. I will charitably accept
It as a tongue slip, however, with a
Fred Landmasser of 100 4'4 Mission
Etreet was charged with threatening
to kill his wife, Madge, and Judge
Conlan continued the case in response
to Mrs. Landmasser's request that she
be afforded further time to ascertain,
¦n hether she really means to prosecute
and thus deprive herself of a bread
winner.
• • •
The evidence went to show that
Mr. Toomey violated the laundry rules
by entering a room where some young
fomen were employed and engaging
them In conversation. The foreman
reminded him that he had no business
there and he would better depart,
v hereupon Mr. Toomey calmly began
manufacturing a "cigareet" and re
marked that he would like to 6ee any
one attempt to enforce his exit. This
so angered the foreman that he went
to the front office and notified Mr.
Eichelbfrg of Mr. Toomy's defiant at
titude and Mr. Eichelberg hastened
to where the intruder coolly awaited
expulsion and at once expelled him.
Mr. Toomey averred that unnecessary
violence was used in his removal, as
he was pitched headlong down a stair
way and into an empty barrel at Its
foot. Mr. Eichelberg. on the other
hand, vowed that he used no more
force than was necessary to effect his
purpose of ridding the room of Mr.
Toomey's presence.
His Honor has the case under ad
visement.
Judge Mogan concluded the taking
of testimony In the case of Charles
Edward Elchelberg, proprietor of the
People's Laundry, who was charged
¦with battery by Joseph Toomey, sub
stitute driver of one of the wagons
belonging to the establishment.
When the cape of former Police Ser
geant Reuben E. Wolf, accused of bat
tery by Edmund E. Coblentz. a news
paper reporter, was called before
Judge Fritz the defense asked for a
two weeks' continuance on account of
the illness of the defendant's attorney,
Hiram L. Johnson. The prosecution
¦was ready to proceed with the Im
paneling of a Jury from the venire
then in court, but the Judge stated
that the apparent seriousness of the
case demanded that the full legal
representation of each* side be present
and ordered a continuance till 9
o'clock next Wednesday morning.
John Carr visited the lodging-house
at 515 Mission street and behaved in
Fuch a disorderly way that the land
lady, Mrs. Margaret Cook, had him ar
rested for disturbing the peace. He
was drunk, Mrs. Cook testified, and in-
Fisted upon visiting every room in the
house to find a real or imagined Mr.
Healey, of whom she had never heard
before, and when she and her hus
band attempted to expostulate, Mr.
Carr promptly knocked the latter pros
trate and also treated her with un
sermir.g rudeness.
As he stood before Judge Megan and
his misdemeanor was recounted Mr.
Carr plainly was not entirely sober, for
he swayed and muttered unintelligibly.
Bailiff Hickey. whose keen sense of
propriety was shocked by the defend
ant's condition and demeanor, en
deavored to straighten him up, when
Mr. Carr turned upon him and acted
pa outrageously that the Judge ordered
his removal lo ihe tanks.
Judge Conlan, rejuvenated by his six
weeks' vacation, gave Patrick Ferry
six months for stealing $17 and a watch
from the apartment of Allan Davis at
7"4 Howard street.
Joseph teems to be a well-meaning
jrocac fellow, for he obtained employ
ment in a biscuit factory the day after
his arrival here and worKed steadily
until he was arrested. Pearl Is a very
pretty girl and says her life aim is to
become Mrs. Joseph C. Woodworth.
Pearl and Joseph were sweethearts
In the southern metropolis, but their
mutual attachment was not approved
by the Klrl's mother, who did every
thing in her power to keep them apart.
One day. however, 6he took Pearl out
to visit a dentist and the girl em
braced the first opportunity to slip
away from her and join the waiting
Joseph. They took a steamship for San
Francisco, arrived here about a week
• gro and, representing themselves to
be husband and wife, engaged an
apartment at 717 Howard street. There
they were discovered by the policeman
who was sent in quest of them as soon
cs Chief Wittman received notification
cf the elopement from the young wo
ir.arfe parents.
"We would have been married as
»oon as we arrived here," 6aid Joseph
to the Judge, "but we could not ob
tain a license because neither of us is
of legal age to marry without parental
consent, and we knew that if Pearl's
mother could prevent the union she
would do so."
When the lad and the lass appeared
before Judge Mogan yesterday morn-
Ing and his Honor heara their story,
he suggested marriage as the best
thing he could prescribe for them.
They agreed. Then he sent for Mr.
White, who cheerfully consented to ar
range the preliminaries.
Sirteen-ycar-oM Pearl Sullivan and
nineteen-year-old Joseph C. Wood
worth will be united in uedlock just
as soon as the formal consent of their
respective parents, residing at Los An
eelo?, can be obtained by Secretary
White of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children. Mr. White
wrote to the parents yesterday and,
pending his receipt of an answer, the
young ccucle will remain in the City
Prison, where they have been confined
cince Thursday evening, when they
were arrested and booRed for va
grancy.
The Blue Ledge Mining Company has
been Incorporated in Nevada County.
John Tyrrell, W. T. Jones. James Coan.
W. L. White and Porter Bliss are th*
incorporators. The Blue Ledge mine is
three miles above Nevada City. It was
worked thirty-six years ago. A flre de
stroyed the plant and work was discon
tinued thereafter. James Colley is the
principal owner of the property, which
has been bonded to Tyrrell and others.
Twenty stamps of the Metropolitan
mine, near Angels, were started last
week.
Fred Zeitler has been elected presi
dent and superintendent of the Zei
bright mine for the year.
The Yellow Aster mine, at Rands
burg, is reported to be crushing 520 tons
of ore per day.
According to the Amador Ledger 300
men are employed in the Gwin mine.
The eighty-stamp mill is running con
tinuously. A great deal of work has
lately been performed on the top of th»
mine.
The Nevada County Miner reports
that operations are to begin at the*
Haskell Peak mine, in Sierra County.
A strike is reported to have been made
in the White Bear mine, about nine
miles from Downieville. Pay gravel
was struck in an upraise.
The San Andreas Prospect says that
the mining outlook has never been bet
ter in the vicinity of San Andreas than
It Is now. "With gravel channels and
quartz propositions the vicinity has a
bright future.
The Mokelumne Hill Chronicle reports
that there is quite a boom in the Rail
road Flat mining district.
nology. Each of these institutions of
technical education is jvell represented.
Forty students and professors from the
Columbia School of Mines were the first
to arrive. The Massachusetts Institute
of Technology is represented by twenty.
A practical course in mining will be
given, extending over a period of ten
weeks from the 18th Inst. The school is
in charge of a committee consisting of
Professors Munroe of Columbia. Rich
ards of the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology, Smythe of Yale and John
Hammond. All the latest machinery
will be at the disposal of the students.
RECENT OPERATIONS.
Operators of other sorts of mines
may be interested in seeing the • offi
cial returns of the cost of producing
52,538,614 worth of borax. There was
paid out In salaries for the year 1902
the sum of $18,128; for wages, $114,863;
for miscellaneous expenses, $47,606; for
supplies and material, $213,538. The
total cost, as represented by ttlese fig
ures, for producing 19,142 tons of borax
was 5394,137 t> or at the rate of a frac
tion more than $20 per ton.
This high cost may be largely at
tributed to the distance of borax de
posits from bases of supplies and mar
kets, necessitating teaming over long
reaches of deserts in a temperature
and under circumstances extremely
trying.
At the St. Louis Exposition Califor
nia has a structure. of lepldollte that
attracts attention. California Is pro
ducing lepidolite In San Diego County,
to bo exported to Germany, where It
is converted into lithium carbonate.
The total production of lepidolite and
all lithium minerals, according to the
report referred to, was very small in
1902. There were but 12 mines hav
ing such products' in the United
States, and the total value of the
product- was but $25,750, the quantity
produced being but 1245 short tons.
Lepidolite constituted more than 70
per cent of the total output. The Geo
logical Survey slightly raises the
amount of lithium minerals mined to
1750 tons, worth $43,200.
Growing out of a generous offer on
the part of, George Crocker j of San
Francisco, the joint. Summer School of
Mines at Silver Plume, Colo.; is now in
progress. The attendants are from Co
lumbia's School of Mines, connected
with Columbia University of New York;
the Lawrence Scientific School of Har
vard, the Sheffield Scientific School of
Yale, the Colorado School of Mines and
the Massachusetts Institute of Tech-
The census returns never have dealt
separately with borax until the cen
sus to which allusion is made in this
article. Since the beginning of the
borax mining industry In California
the output has varied from nothing in
18C9, 1870 and 1871 to 19,142 short tons
in 1902. The value of borax produced
in California is treated separately by
the. Department of Commerce and La
bor. .The figures for 1889 are $145,473.
representing the value of the output;
for 1902 they are $2,538,614.
COST OP BORAX MINING.
Some interesting facts may be glean
ed from a bewildering array of sta
tistical tables relating to the growth
of the borax industry in California,
The first commercial production of
borax in the United States was in
184C, when twelve short tons were
mined in California. Borax production
in. the United States is credited by the
Government mainly to the colemanite
deposits in this State, although there
was some production, not very formid
able in amount, from the marsh de
posits of California, Nevada and Ore
gon.
California is seventh in the value of
products. Of the flfty-two different
classifications of minerals mined in the
United States in 1902 California Is cred
ited by the Government with twenty
six. Since that census, It may be re
marked, some discoveries have been
made in this State. The State Mineralo
gist of California, in fact, in his last
annual report claimed that more than
fifty different minerals are mined in
this State.
In connection with mines, quarries
and oil and gas wells the rank of the
States is set down as follows on the
basis of the complete returns of 1902:
Pennsylvania leads in the number of
wage earners employed and in the
value of products. Ohio is second in
value of products and third in number
of wage earners, Illinois is second in
wage earners and sixth in value of
products, Michigan is third in value of
products and fourth in number of wage
earners, West Virginia is fourth In
value of products and fifth in wage
earners.
RANKING TILE STATES.
The statistics and general statements
that are made relate to all mines and
quarries and petroleum and natural
gag wells that were in operation during
any portion of the calendar year ending
December 31, 1902. The inclusion of the
refined products for gold, silver and
other metals that are summarized in a
comprehensive tabulation brings up the
value of products for 1902 to $884,040,863.
an excess of $87,214,452 over the $796,826,
417 reported as the value of the direct
products of the mines, quarries antt pe
troleum and natural gas wells. The
returns for 1903 that have been given
out are necessarily incomplete, being
based somewhat on estimates. This for
the present makes the bulletin in hand
the latest handbook that will be avail
able to careful investigators.
That the State of California is cred
ited with heing the richest of any In
the sisterhood of States in the matter
of diversity of minerals will not be
overlooked by Investors in all parts of
the world, to whom the publication In
question will be a valuable and trust
worthy handbook of information.
The Department of Commerce and
Labor has caused the facts to be gath
ered from the mining census that was
conducted in connection with the
United States Geological Survey. The
census methods were modified to agree
with those of the geological ' survey.
The totals for the two offices agree.
Therefore the publication now submit
ted by the Department of Commerce
and Labor is reliable. This ia- an im
portant consideration, being a guaran
tee of the accuracy of the statements
made.
The State of . California, so reports
the Department of Commerce and La
bor in a bulletin just issued relating to
mines and quarries i of the United
States, although ranking seventh in the
value of products in 1903rheld the first
place in diversification of minerals.
This fact has been known to persons
familiar with the mines and minerals
of this State, but the official pronounce
ment of It by a branch of the Federal
Government h*as advantages that can
not be overlooked.
Joseph Brzezinskl was intoxicated in
his own "temperance" saloon, at 402
James Jackson (colored) will be sen- |
tenced to six months to-day by Judge i
Mown, who has discovered that he is !
an old offender in the larceny line.
Mr. Jackson was arrested one day |
last week for failing to return a bicycle :
which he had borrowed from a boy, j
and in court he repeatedly and solemn
ly declared that he had no recollection
of what he did with the vehicle. As he !
testified, his hat - in his hand, the j
Judge's eagle eye perceived a bit of j
paper stuck in and almost concealed by |
the sweat band. The headgear was I
snatched from Mr. Jackson's hand and j
the paper examined, and, sure enough, i
it turned out to be a pakn ticket show
ing* that Mr. Jackson had pledged one i
bicycle for the sum of $2 50. j
Then one of the bailiffs whispered
something to his Honor, who sharply
interrogated Mr. Jackson and quickly
ascertained that he was recently re
leased from prison after serving a six
months' term for stealing some Jewelry
from Mrs. Julia Taylor of 250 Minna
street and forgetting to remember what
he had done with the plunder until it
was found where he had concealed it
behind a gate post near the Taylor resi
dence.
• • •
So firmly wedded to the pistol-carry
ing habit is Charles Johnson that neith
er detention in prison nor judicial
warning can divorce him from it. He
was arrested several weeks ago for
brandishing his revolver in the face of
a Fifth street restaurateur with whom
he had a dispute over payment for a
meal, and when he promised to drop
the weapon into the deepest part of the
bay Judge Slogan gave him freedom
to do so. Instead of separating him
self from the pistol, however, he kept
it concealed on his person until Thurs
day evening, when he again displayed
it in a threatening manner in a saloon
at 839 Howard street. His case has gone
over until next Monday, by which time
the court will probably have devised
some other means of attempting' to
cure him of a dangerous mania.
The woman was arrested in the Em
porium by Special Officers Allan and
Tilton, who state that she had stolen
from that establishment four silver
spoons, three shirtwaists and three
sets of buttons, of the total value of
J7 30.
Ida Morton, a young married woman,
charged with shoplifting:, failed to ap
pear for trial before Judge Conlan
and her attorney presented a physi
cian's certificate to the effect that ap
proaching maternity would make her
public arraignment an ordeal that
might result seriously. The case went
over till to-day for further inquiry.
hope that you will be more careful
in future."
The case was that of Ah Jim, who
stole a pair of pantaloons from the
clothing establishment of J. Rosenthal
on Dupont street and concealed the
plunder underneath his blouse, where
it was discovered by Patrolman Bert
Wren. Jini will be sentenced to-day
for petty larceny.
WRONG CHARGE IS MADE
Supreme Court Decides Not
to Give Judgment Until
Point of Law Is Settled
t 4
Defendant is amused
Assistant to the District
Attorney Solves Mystery
About the New Evidence
Held for Felony Embezzle
ment and Released on a
Writ of Habeas . Corpus
Mother of Maiden Does Not Approve of Attachment,
So the Sweethearts Come to San Francisco and
Are Anxiously Awaiting Permission to Marry
Officially Reports There Is Greater Variety of
Minerals in This State Than Can Elsewhere Be
Found and Values Entitle It to Seventh Place
SAYS KENNEDY
HAS CONFESSED
BRENNAN WANTS
NO COMPROMISE
BOY AND GIRL ELOPE FROM LOS
ANGELES AND ARE UNDER ARREST
GOVERNMENT GIVES CALIFORNIA
FIRST POSITION FOR DIVERSITY
CALIFORNIA
BOYS IN GREAT
TRIBULATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY, JUNE 18, 1904.
JJOO Ruptur* Cure for $10 by Hunter, 12(MJ
Market at. S«nd lor circular. \» •
5
ADVEBTTSKlffEWTS.
The North Western- j
Union Pacific Excursions
•ffbrd unusual opportunities f°'. **>
•canonical tad uttsfactory journey to
ChicagodEast
Excursions Every Day j
Personally conducted parties leave
San Francisco every Wednesday,
Thursday. Friday . |
Leave Los Angeles one day earlier.
Choice of routes.
For (JA Information apply to er tddrat*
R. B. RITCHIE. S. F. BOOTK. |
General Ag«nt. Cent Agent Fine Dept..
CUc>;o& North- Westers Ry. Union Pacific R. R.
6 1 7 Market St. No. 1 Montgomery Sk
SAN FRANCISCO* CAL
jgHJEvery Woman
fflffis , Vy.^j \ ii a U Interacted and should know
f\ : i)\ Si m «v>Ula about the wonderf nl
CW*SVW&1\ «• MARVEL Whirling Spray
%\VkS5S&*^S^vlThe "•"» »•«»¦«» SttIw. Injtr.
¦ £vS»?cS»5sS^. tionomt aurtUm. Best-Saf-
Ni x vnSHS aJi r g C^ 1 , m'-Mm' Con-»enl«at.
-^&"!Z%ZZy* ltciuaaMiMtuuj.
Itk T%mr <ini*!it fcr H. v AtL "_ •f^Z<~~~^
If hf cannot supply the >*:¦ fhSJ' ™//v/» / >%
MAIIVKL. accept no Xl^L
other, but lend stem p for <Wk. / ""#/'/As
Illustrated book-win*. TtfflTea Vy / *t-}f
fnll particulars »ndilirectionii In- Ct'/ M
Talnable to ladle*. JW.% RVKt, CO.SaJ.T;, ,., m M
41 rark Raw, Sew Y«rlt.
IXi New Montgomery. San Francisco. CaL
William Hatteroth (Ladles' Dept.). 22* Sutter.
Vnlon Drue Co.. 40O Sutter and 100 Stockton.
Osgood Brothers... Tth and Broadway. Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy 119 Kills
visit DR. JORDAN'S oreat 6
PUSEUH OF ANATOHY^
\ CV The Larrott Anatomical Miuoum in the \
V __'i'mi«i!!l. w °"d Vinkimm or any ctnrt«-t»d A\
fSSj Specialist «a the Coili, E>t 36 r»rv ©
Q W^U CS * J0 R 3AN-D!SEASES OF MEH A
\ f 6?$<){i Coaroltatwa free i".d ttrfctN pr;r»t«. \
0 I lf&.rL T '" tnil:n ' p*r»onal-y rt br 1»tter. A Q
n P J il » Writ* for Book. PIILO«ai*nY «f A
T I If B1MMSC, m:ua nil. UT
Jt A [l . valuable beok for men) * \
V DB. JJIBDA5 * CO.. 10S1 Market St. 9. P. V
.MfgS^&tfl MEN AND WOMEN.
<£eJTB'cUHEb < Vi£l C" Big O for nnnataral
£SSf ia 1 to » «arvV] ditcharuoi. inflammation*.
SSSb Oaaraauxi H irritations or ulcoratloat
E*££ o*t to urtanra. of mucous rotmbranta.
g* T! Tnvmu* C»ta«Wa. f alnlaia, ani not attria-
iT^VnEETMS Chemical Ca. gsut or peUonoa*.
\g& 8WC«IUTl.a.E32]! ««H fcy Dror.Tlsi*
US. A, J5J*T or ftnt In Pl»' n wrappwr.
JfcriMK^ by »xpr»JS. prepaid, lot
S&&BBS£G&Kfm • l00 > or * bottles «2.7>.
w H circular een: on r««ttest.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
I-EESH AND SAI.T MEATS.
TIC DAVEC * m Shipping butchers. 103
JAN PUICj tt VV- Clay. TeL Main lgM.
OILS.
LUBRICATINO OILS: LEOXARD * FA.L.IS.
US Front St.. S. F. Phona Mala 1719.
FBI2TTI2TCJ.
L'r fTI'ftHVC PRINTER. '
V. UlUilCJi fin Saasema at, s. W»OAKLAND, June 17. — Argument
was made before Police Judge Samuels
to-day on a demurrer to a complaint
against the Rev. Father Heslin. who
is accused of misconduct. A decision
will be rendered June 20.
Makes Demurrer to Complaint.
OAKLAND, June 17. — James Cleary,
27 years old, a paroled patient from
the State Hospital at Stockton, has dis
appeared from his residence at Emery
ville. The police have been requested
to search for the missing man. •
Paroled Patient Missing.
BERKELEY, June 17. — In recogni
tion of the valuable services of the
volunteer firemen the North Berke
ley Improvement Club will father a
petition seeking to raise $100 to pur
chase rubber coats and helmets for
the men. ¦ The club decided to circulate
the petition and appointed E. J. Mar
tin, Victor Robertson, ' Henry Lamp,
A. L. Ott, W. H. Marston, W. J. Mur
phy, E. J. Doyle. E. E. Newton. F. M.
Todd and Harry J. Squires to collect
the money. r v . j v-r' ? i -
To Help Firemen.
Uf Duty ls the Iaw of which love is the
OAKLAND. June 17.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day:
Hugh D. Walker. 25. Oakland, and
Alice Chapman, 20,. Alameda; J. w.
Buch&n, 32. Walnut Creek, and Mary
Goebbeta, 24, Oakland; Frank Valergas,
41, and Amanda Cuff, 30, both of Oak
land.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, June 17. — .Wherever
there is a chance for one man to win
and another to lose, Judge Hall holds,
It is gambling. To-day he upheld a
decision rendered by Police Judge
Mortimer Smith against George Ed
wards, prosecuted for paying : off
"music slugs" put into a nickel-in-the
slot machine.
Music Slugs Serve lor Gambling:.
OAKLAND. June 17. — Having un
duly celebrated the arrest of William
J. Lawless, his brother-in-law, on a
charge of stealing his valuable papers,
Robert Cook found himself In the "Po
lice Court dock this morning, badly
marred by his hard night and facing
a charge of drunkenness. Acting Po
lice Judge Quinn thought twenty-five
days' surcease from the cocktail route
would bring Cook to his senses and
that wa^ the order. The grand lar
ceny charge against Lawless will be
diem Used.
Finds Rest in .Tail.
ALAMEDA. June li.— By the break-
Ing of a scaffold 'attached to a resi
dence in course of construction at the
corner of San Antonio avenue and Bay
street F. "A. Smith, a. carpenter, fell
twenty- five feet and was impaled upon
a large spike protruding from a saw
horse that stood beneath the scaffold.
Th-i large iron nail entered Smith's
back, ripping it frightfully, and frac
turing three of his ribs. Both of his
shoulders were broken and he sustain
ed serious internal injuries, which,
the physicians say, are very likely to
prove fatal.
Smith is 53 years of age, and resides
at 330 Turk street, San Francisco. He
Is now at the Oakland Sanitarium.
P. A. Smith of San Francisco Lies at
Oakland Sanitarium in a Crit
• leal Condition.
FALLIKG CARPENTER IS
J IMPALED ON A SPIKE
During the war Captain Pitman
commanded the gunboat William G.
Anderson. He sailed h»r everywhere
and aided the Union cause materially.
In a fight at the mouth of the Mis
sissippi River he was severely wound
ed. The war over, Captain Pitman
returned to California and engaged in
shipping enterprises, from which he
retired when old age crept upon him.
Captain Pitman was 83 years of age
and a native of Massachusetts. Sur
viving him, are a widow and a Bon
Henry c. Pitman of San Francisco.
Captain Pitman began following the
sea at 11 years of age. His rise as a
mariner was rapid and. he was so suc
cessful that he owned his own ship
in 1858. This ship he sailed around
Crtpe Horn the same year he got her
and he had been . in California ever
since, with the exception of the in
terval of the war.
BERKELEY, June 17.— Captain
Henry C. Pitman, pioneer of the seas
and veteran of the late war,' died at
his home, 1799 Walnut street, last
night. His was a *long and honorable
career, spent in the service of his
country and her people. He fought
in the Civil War and became a hero,
then settled down to the pursuits of
peade, which now after long years
have ended in death.
Deeds.
Captain Henry C. Pitman Passes Away
After Long Life of Sterling
By securing quarters the Republi
can leaders hope to stimulate an in
terest in political affairs and to unify
the efforts of the men of the Repub
lican faith. The chief aim. will be to
roll up big majorities in every pre
cinct in the town. .There will be a
central organization and executive
committee and in each of -the wards
a club and .secretaries to collect data.
In this way every voter will be reach
ed. The Republicans have already
agreed that Thomas Rickard, presi
dent of the Board of Trustees, ; shall
lead them and he will be named for
chairman of the central organization.
BERKELEY,; June 17. — The Re
publican Club of Berkeley has taken
the first step toward roundingup all
the Republicans of Berkeley before
the next compaign by engaging rooms
in the new Thomas block, on Center
street, where headquarters will be' es
tablished. Here It is proposed to
plant the central organization of the
town and to receive reports and data
from all outside districts. The head
quarters will be permanently retained
and remain open until the issue is de
cided in November next.
Be Used to Get AH the Voters
in Line.
Districted Central Organization Will
PLAN ROUND-UP OF. ALL
BERKELEY REPUBLICANS
OLD MARINER AND SOLDIER
CROSSES LIFE'S FINAL BAR
OAKLAND. June 17. — For complicity
in various burglaries Harry Baldwin
was sentenced to eight years at Fol-
Eom to-day by Judge S. P. Hall. - He
was tried before a jury and found
fruilty of burglary in the second de
gree. The limit is ten years.
Baldwin, Harry Childs and Ed. Mor
ton were arrested for the same of
fenses. Morten was caught selling the
Jewelry stolen by the other two and
turned State's evidence. Through his
testimony Baldwin and Childs were
found guilty. Last week Childs was
s*>nt to FolFom for eight years.
With Ilnrry CbUds lie Is Put
Away Where He Will
Not Mole*t.
11AKRY IJALDWIX SENTENCED
TO EIGHT YEAKS AT FOLSOM
Back of this trouble is a quarrel of
Jong standing over the location of the
schoolhouse. The district is several
miipfs long and the resident? of one end
neek to remote the building to their
end, while the residents of the other
*nd are equally determined to retain
it where «t i*.
OAKLAND, June 17. — Action has
been begun by J. T. Pereira to contest
the election of D. W. King as School
Director of the Ptonybrook District.
He claims that he received more votes
than King, but that there was a con
certed plan to defeat him and that
King was declared elected by an elec
tion board of which he himself was a
Judge. Pereira says that there are but
fifteen legal voters in the district and
that of this number he received the
votes of nin*.
J. T. Perrlra Says D. W. Kins. School
Director-Elect, Obtained Office
Through Fraud.
ELECTION' CONTEST IN*
STOXYBROOK DISTRICT
BERKELEY, June 17.— The reorgani
zation of the Berkeley Fire Depart
ment has begun, and the efforts of
Mayor Thomas Rlckard and Fire Chief
James Kenny, seconded by the Trus
tees, to give the town a better fire ser
vice are bearing fruit. Berkeley has
been practically without fire or police
protection for years, and the present
Board of Trustees, at the Initiative of
Rickard, has been attempting to reme
dy this delinquency. The old volunteer
department is being largely replaced
by paid firemen. In a few years more
the department will be entirely paid.
Several important changes are bslng
made in the department, to take effect
on or before July 1. Two old flre
houscs will be abandoned and four new
men added to the list of paid firemen
by that date. The money saved from
the abandonment of the houses is used
to pay the salaries of the firemen,
which now amount to $145 a month.
These men have only antiquated ap
paratus with which to work but hope
to be better equipped if the proposed
bond issue Is approved by the voters.
With the $145 a month expended on
As the lease of the ground on which
stands the Lorin flrehouse will expire
on July 1, the Trustees ordered the
building removed to the home of the
fire chief who will use it as a barn.
salaries the city gets the services of
twenty-nine men, who receive $5 each.
The changing of these men from volun
teers to salaried flre-flghters has been
going on for two years and twenty
five of them have been carried on the
city pay-roll for a year. As fast as
the fire companies are disbanded cer
tain of the members are retained for
the pay department. In those com
panies that remain intact, however,
there are still 150 volunteers who assist
at fires. The paid men are scattered
among the following companies:
North Berkeley — Jack Hampton. Georga
Creed. Jack Llo> d J. A. Westcott.
Marston— C.rorge Parktr, Archie Edgar. Ar
thur Hicks. J. J. Carney.
Alert— Dick Howe. Dick Davits. Bon Cal
houn, Carl Martin
Peralta— George . Htgerty. Jack • Hagerty.
Dan Adams. Teddy Williams.
Lorin — Dan Wooley, J. A. Bowera.
I'oeen— Dan Sloan, John Marlscano. Harry
Dean. ...
P.eacon— Samuel Fisher. Asa Slsterna, Dick
Brown. Charles Hadlen Jr.
1,'nattaehrd — Tom Wooley, Al Tobln, Al
Miller. Buell Bush.
CHIEF OF THE . BERKELEY FIREFIGHTERS. WHO IS PUTTING THAT
DEPARTMENT ON A PAID BASIS. AND PHOTOGRAPH OF THE LORIN
FIKEHOVSE WHICH HAS BEEN ABANDONED.
The engagement Ik announced of Miss Kdith
FauldF Crawf.,rd and Theodore Johnson Lud
low. Miss Ciawfnrd I* a daughter of Mrs. J.
A. Crawford of Piedmont avenue. Mr. Lud
low is a ton of James P. Ludlow of Seattle
Vkafh.. and a graduate of both the t'nivercity
of California and the University of Washing
ton. ,
I1KRKELEY. June 17.— Mr. and Mrs John
Cha:«e entertalnrd a number of friends Wed
nesday evening at th?Ir home on Louisa street.
The hours w« re passed In playing games and
afterward refreshments were served. The
gut«t* were Mis* Jennie Johnson, MUs Mazle
Thompson, MIhk Alice Ungard. Miss Leila
Bracken Mis Laura Coiburn, Miss Alice Gal
lagher, Mln Johni«on. Mies Lena Chase, the
\ii*fes Cora and Bessie Patton. John Patton
GtO £ s r. FurIon «. Joh n Chase, Frank Lincoln,
Jack Gallagher Alfred Thompson, A. L Hale
and F. AV. Hnle.
Min-cs Cora anil Luella Brown and Mrs
Bluett of West Berkeley are spending 'a few
<lay« in Pino>.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Lovell will spend a
few weeks in Cloverdale and will make the
Yosemlte trip lat«r in the Reason.
Mr. and Mrs. Victor H. Metcalf will enter
tain next Tuesday evening In honor of Pay
master Richworth Nicholson, who returned re
cently after a lone abrenc*.
The Eb*ll Art section, of which Mrs. D.
W. Gelwicks is the curator, gave an original
outing at Piedmont Park recently. The basket
luncheon was spread on the rrass and the
dozen or so members of the section enjoyed,
in primitive lafhlon. the viands which were
an-.usingly designated by the names of cele
brattd artists. The name cards, on which the
m»nu was also written, were of cactus bark
artistic souvenirs of a happy dey.
Mrs. F. B Cotton and daughter. Miss Bes
sie Cotton, have returned from a few weeks'
•ojourn at Summit, the picturesque resort in
the Cruz Mountains that is becoming
exceedingly popular since Charlie Fowler and
his mother. Mrs. D. T. Fowler, have taken
charge. Sevtral Oaklanders have been among
the istent viMtcrs to Summit, including Missts
Grace and 7.ne nir>dgett and K4 Henshaw,
George Hall of Alameda and Byron Bent of
the San Francisco Press Club were a'.so
guests.
Irclude and fugue, C sharp minor (Bach):
sonata. E flat major, op. 31, No. 2 (Beethoven)
— Allegro — Allegro vivace, Moderato e graziosu
— Presto con fuoco — MiFS Slater. Two songs
<McCoy>— "TVIier- V'«s I When Love Passed
By?" "WoulJ You?" MUi WaUey Preiude
(Itachrr.ar.lnoff); Val?e. A minor, op. 34, No. 'I
(Chopin): •'Grande Polonaise," E major (IJszt)
— MUs Slater. Sonata. O minor (Orie»>. Mi&s
Morgan and M:ss Hannibal.
MI»s Rita Slater was the chief p?rformer at
the McCoy pupil recital Wcdnea-lay evening,
ani her pa!n*taklng rendition of a long and
diiflcult programme wa» awarded by a great
armful of flower*, rhowered upon her by ap
preciative lriends. ills* Plater Is a talented
and conscientious piano student and plays «n
tlrely without the notes before her, which la
always a worthy rent, particularly where
Beethoven and Liszt are being interpreted.
Mies Lulita Wasley sane two of Mr. McCoy'b
own comi.Gsltion*. and the Griog ronata Jor
violin anj »,Uno. by MlN Morgan and Ml«*
Hannibal, was i^ndered In good style Th«
prt gramme was as fellow*:
OAKLAND. June 17.— Mrs. C. W. Klnsey
wa» hostess to-day at a unique and enjoyable
aflair— a ¦'mothers* and daughters' luncheon."
where MUs Edith Larkey, eoon to be a bride.
ar.d Mrs. Grtrge Lackle, matron of a few
we»-ks, divided the honors. Around the taste
fully drcoraud besrd were gathered Mrs.
Larkey a::<J h< r daughters. Mis* EUhh Larkey,
Mi.-* Ida Larkey Mrs. John Tregloan;
Mn>. J. R. Scupham and daughters, Mrs
'Jrorge L*ck!e and Mi«s Elizabeth Scupham,
Mre. J. \V. McClymond* and daughter Mrs.
Dudley Klnsfll. Mrs. Edward O Finch ana
Mi^B Emir.a Finch, Mrs. Archibald and Miss
Clara Archibald. Mr». Mor»e and Mis» Ruth
Morse and the ho.-tess.
By Zoc Green Radcliffe.
SUMMER SOCIETY
Testimony was taken in support of
former Policeman Thomas Merrick's
petition for a rehearing on the charges
of drunkenness, which the board sus
tained last week when it dismissed
Merrick from the department. Dr.
Weitman. a druggist, testified to-day
that he had given Merrick a large dose
of paregcric shortly before the former
patrolman was reported as intoxi
cated. The drue. coupled with two
drinks of brandy which Merrick ad
mitted having taken, might have
caused his condition, according to the
petition presented to the commission
ers. The petition was taken under ad
visement.
OAKLAND. June 17.— Mrs. C. F. Bax
ter was appointed matron of the City
Prison by the Police and Fire Com
missioners to-day to fill the vacancy
caused by the death of Mrs. S. B. Reed,
her mother.
Mrs. C. P. Baxter Sneceeds Her
Mother — Former Patrolman Mer
rit-k Asks for Rehearing.
POLICE BOARD XAMIiS
NEW PRISON MATROX
When the City Council passed an or
dinance which permitted bicyclists to
use the sidewalks under certain re
strictions the legislative body went
outside -of its powers, according to a
decision that was rendered to-day by
Police Judge George Samuels. His
Honor ruled that the sidewalks of the
city are for the exclusive use of pe
destrians, that cyclicts are not pedes
trians and, therefore, the bicycle can
not be ridden on a sidewalk.
For that reason the case of William
Clarke, a wheelman, who failed to turn
out and dismount when meeting a pe
df.=trian on a sidewalk, was dismissed,
the decision being that any punish
ment administered under the ordinance
would be invalid.
The Judge used the following lan
guage regarding the question:
Any law that attempt* to Kiv« a bfcyclttt
privileges to ride on a cMrwalk la Invalid.
The Council has no right to permit the
wheelman under any restriction* to use the
¦>!<!e«-alk that under the municipal charter is
for th« exclusive use of pedf-Mrlans. When a
City Council attempts to grant permission to
cyclUtK to rids on the sidewalk It goes ouUid«s
of Its powers. I rid? a wheel myself, but I
keep to the street. The city must have a new
ordinance, or no more arrt-Ms of violators of
the bicycle law will b? of avail.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 17.
F. E. Chapin. the street railway pro
moter of San Jose, cannot recover $S503
that the City Council hold? as the price
paid for the franchises granted to J. H.
Macdonald for the stretches of road on
Collese avenue and in East Oakland.
The College avenue franchise has been
turned over to Chapin. who holds as
veil any rights there may be in the
55500 that was bid for the franchise.
After Macdonald won the contest he
rrade a dicker with the Oakland Transit
Consolidated by which that company,
the original applicant, gained control
« f Cat East Oakland franchise. The
ether ore was assigned to Chapin. for
>» hom. it is understood, Macdonald had
b'-en acting.
For some reason not explained Chapin
did not think much of his bargain, and
;i short time ago put in an application
to the City Council for the return of his
The Council has persisted in ignoring
the demand, and for the fourth or fifth
time has passed the request in commit
tee. Last night action on Chapin's pe
tition was indefinitely postponed, which
n.ean? practically that the promoter
will be compelled to sue the city.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 17.
Committee Postpones Indefi
nitely Action on Peti
tion From San Jose Man
COUNCIL IS IN ERROR
His Honor . Decides Legis
lative Body Cannot Give
Privilege to tUe Riders
3IUST GO INTO COURT
Bailroad Promoter Chapin
Fails in Efforts to Re
cover on Franchise Fund
Judge Samuels Benders an
Opinion That a Wheelman
Must Not Use Sidewalks
COUNCIL HOLDS
FIST TO MONET
SAYS BICYCLE
LAW IS VOID
It will be remembered that In No
vember last a duel with swords, in
which the principals were MM.
Charles Ebelot and Henri Lautier,
ended in the death of the latter. 9 is
antagonist, an advocate from - Tou
louse, was the other day charged be
fore the Seine Assizes with "having- by
blows and wounds caused death unin
tentionally." Judging from the word
ing of the indictment, the law does
not take duelists seriously, or it would
not admit the supposition that they
do not enter, into the encounter with
any 'deadly intention. In this case
proof was forthcoming that the affair
had been carried out fairly, according
to the recognized rules .of. the code,
and the prisoner was acquitted. The
family of the deceased^took no part in
the criminal prosecution, .but obtained
in the civil action 1 fran: damages and
One Franc for Duelist's Life.
Very few people, says Railway Loco
motive and Engineering, would doubt
the electric telegraph being exclusively
a modern invention, yet experiments
were made centuries before the electric
telegraph came Into use, which indi
cated that a system of electric teleg
raphy could have been worked out had
the need of it existed.
In 1746 Le Monnier exhibited a series
of experiments in the Royal Gardens at
Paris showing how erectricity could be
transmitted through iron wires 95Q
fathoms in length. In 1753 Charles Mar
shall published a remarkable descrip
tion of the electric telegraph in the
Scots' Magazine under the title of "An
Expeditious Method of Conveying In
telligence." In 1846 George Lewis Le
sage, professor of mathematics at
Geneva, promulgated an invention of
an electric telegraph, which he eventu
ally completed and set to work In 1774.
This system was composed of twenty
four I metallic wires, insulated and in
closed in a non-conducting substance.
Each wire ended in a stock mounted
with a little ball of elder pith and sus
pended by a silk thread. When a cur
rent of electricity was sent through the
wire the eider ball at the opposite end
was repolled, the \ movement desig
nating a letter of the alphabet. By this
means word3 could be spelled out. It
was a crude method, but it was a com
plete electric telegraph system. The
reason why this and other inventions
of a. similar nature never came into
general use was that the need had not
arrived. — Express Gazette.
Early Telegraphs.
The copper, company seeks to ac
quire the chemical plant so .that . it
can use the output in connection with
its own plant at Keswick. By doing
this it will avoid bringing raw ma
terials jised for its purposes from tide
water to Keswick arid then returning
the finished product back to tide
water. A large amount of money will
be saved this way in freight charges.
If the deal goes through the plant at
Flemings Point will be enlarged and
employment given to several hundred
men. . It is rumored that the copper
company is also negotiating for a
chemical plant up the bay, near Mar
tinez, which will be consolidated with
the one here.
BERKELEY, June 17.— Negotiations
are now going on for the purchase by
the Mountain Copper Company of
Shasta County of the plant of the San
Francisco Chemical Works at Flemings
Point. The diplomats of both corpora
tions have been in communication over
this matter for some time, but they
have not yet been able to agree on
terms. What the terms are nobody
knows, but it is possible that the ne
gotiations may be wrecked on this
point. K
Desires to Purchase Complete Works
of a Large San Francisco /
Concern. - /
MOUNTAIN* COPPEU COMPANY
WOULD BUY CHEMICAL PLANT
OAKLAND, June 17. — George L.
Nusbaumer, formerly County Surveyor
of Alameda County and one of the
first settlers inSunol district, died to
day at Los Alisos, Sunol, after a long
ilmess. Three years ago he wa3
stricken with paralysis. Later he par
tially regained the use of v his limbs
and faculties, but was left with a seri
ous impediment of the vocal chords
that prevented clear speech. The dis
ease, however, slowly sapped the suf
ferer's vitality
The Xusbaumer family settled in
Alameda County more than fifty years
ago and has always been prominent In
the affairs of this section. For twenty
years or more George Nusbaumer was
County Surveyor until illness com
pelled him to retire. In his earlier
days he surveyed many of the large
tracts of land in the county. The de
ceased was 52 years old. His wife,
Mrs. Florence Nusbaumer, survives, as
do two brothers, Albert and Emil Nua
baumer, and a sister, Mrs. W. Whlt
more. Funeral arrangements have not
been made.
Former Surveyor nnd a Pioneer of
Alameda County Passes Away
After Long Illness.
GEORGE L. NUSBAUMER
DIES AT COUNTRY HOME
BERKELEY, June 17. — The Berke
ley Young Men's Christian Association
was a year old last night and the in
teresting event was marked by a birth
day celebration in the hall of Shat
tuck avenue. A banquet was served,
and, in spite of the fact that it was
all informal, turned out to be quite
successful. Assemblyman William H.
Waste was. the toastmaster. In his
opening remarks he 'si/oke of the pros
perous condition of the association,
which had struggled through its first
year without any great financial trials.
Responses to proposals were then
made by W. H.. Parkinson, secretary
of the.association; F. E. Sadler, Earl
H. Russell. Loring Barker, Louis Pape,
F. C. Ford, E. L. Davenport and the
Rev. E. W. Darst of the First Chris
tian Church. The banquet was fol
lowed by the playing of games and
singing in the library. •
Berkeley Organization Marks End of
Its First Year of Organization
by Giving Banquet.
YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN
ASSOCIATION*- CELEBRATES
Joseph's Well.
At Dothan. in Upper Palestine?. Is a
pool which has refreshed the traveler
for centuries. It is the well of Joseph.
Its environs form a dreary enough
prospect. Above It Is a low, Insignifi
cant hill upon whose summit cluster
a few miserable mud huts, and at the
base is the sordid anachronism of a
puffing steam mill, while away from
it stretches in all directions the faint
toned, almost hueless expanse of the
Syrian landscape, long reaches of
palest blue and gray and yellow, with
only an occasional blotch of brilliant
color in the foreground. Dreary and
waste and sad indeed is the scene to
the eyes of the flesh, but to the eyes
of the spirit that squat, bald hill be
comes a veritable Mount of Vislonsj —
visions a thousand times more real
and vivid than the spectacle of mud
huts and steam mill and rocky wastes.
— Metropolitan Magazine.
Bert Harold Ballard. Kenneth Henshaw
Keefer, Clarence P. Baudln, Claude Renwkk
K*cfer, Arthur Dickie Bcrd<sn. Elizabeth Elsie
Laird. Jesse Chaunccy Bowd*n. Thomas Hugh
Lold. Zena Pearl Brgwn, Ida Este'.le Mac
donald. Joseph Cooper. Rudolph William Mau,
Everett P. Cornell. Perry Lawrence Merrltt,
Jeanett? Cuvelller. Mabel A. Musladln, L*anors
Gtrlrude Donahue. Mlllna Hazel Perry. Alex
ander M. Everett. Emeu C. Pierre, Fletchor
Thomas Fish. Harriet Emma Retd. Frledrich
Frchn, Ina Ophelia Robinson. Jeanette Mar
garet Qacclar.no. Ruby Mildred Rosenberg.
Myrtle Belle Hamerton. Paul Samuel Swan
pon, Martha Evans Holies, Hazel Wells. Ida
Krcwlcs Holies. AVlnficld Scott Whitney. Edith
Joxphlne Jcnes. Margaret Winifred Wlnn,
Edward Franklin Witherly.
The following graduates from the
Polytechnic High School received their
diplomas last evening:
Maude Hazel Armstrong. Grace Bardshar,
Adtle Esther Barnes. Alvina Blnns. Amelia
Gertrude Brayell. Cecilia Reasoner Burroughs.
F.I*le Isabel Campbell. Naomi Crouch. Esto
Phoebe Dunbar. Sara Evelyn Dunn, Anna Ed
wards, Ak-sia Pauline Gil, Alta Ulllrtte.
Stephanie Franklin Guard. Maude Myrtle
Jones, Grace Lillian Knlckren, Georgia Mar
guerite Maiden. Marie Pauline Mathews, Eve
lyn Clara Mayon, Florence Muriel McCloskey,
Itma Geraldlne McGraw. Dorothy Mead, Vera
Amelia Moody, Dora Georgletta Morehoui«e.
Iva Belle Ralph. Marian Leigh S«yboldt.
Catherine Shannon, Mabel Irene Sherbourne,
Hernah South wick Taft. Mattle Warren Zan
der, Ralph Hatherly Butler, George William
Eachus, Nan Quong Fong. Sydney Baldwin.
Gray," Neal Karris. Ernest Smith, James Boyd
Harrold. Theodore Harold Hook, Allen Rich
mond Howard. Henry Maekle Isaacs, nobert
Vrooman Jordan. Frank Lewis Kelly. Vernon
Cliarlen Sheehan. Raymond Fort Snowden, Ed
win Franklin Umphred, Taro Utasakl, Koplro
Yoshteawa, Wilbur Leslie Allen.
Short addresses .to the graduating
class were delivered by the Rev. H. J.
Vosburgh, and Principal Pond. Dr. W.
J. Wllcox, president of the Board of
Education, presented diplomas to the
following graduates;
The graduating exercises of the Oak
land High School were held to-night at
the Common School Assembly Hall,
Lafayette Park. The auditorium and
platform were embellished with flowers
and greenery. Large draped American
flags served as a background, before
which the white-gowned girl graduates
and trim youths received their coveted
diplomas.
James H. Pond, principal of the High
School, was the president of the even
ing. I . An pverture by the school or
chestra and prayer by. the Rev. Owen
Hotle were followed by instrumental
and vocal music by Miss Mabel Sher
bourne and the Girls' Glee Club.
I Oakland office, San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 17.
When Senator Perkins concluded his
address he was thanked by Colonel
Hastings for the flag he had presented
Lyon Post.
' Comrade C. G. "R. Montoux read an
original poem, "The, Faithful Comrade."
and the exercises were concluded with
benediction, pronounced by Rev. Rob
ert Whitaker, the singing of "America"
by those in attendance and the sound
ing of taps by Comrade Montoux.
Four brass field pieces and many
shells, donated by the United States
Government, have been utilized in or
namenting the burial plat. Thus far but
one interment has been made in the
plat. ,
Superior Judge Frank B. Ogden was
president of the day and director of
ceremonies. After the assembly call by
Comrade C. G. R. Montoux of Lyon
Post, the Rev. Robert Whitaker, pastor
of the Twenty-thlrd-avenue Baptist
Church, delivered the Invocation, which
was followed "by "The Star-Spangled
Banner." played by the Maccabee band,
and the unfurling of a large flag do
nated by Senator Perkins, from a staff
donated by Colonel Hastings of Lyon
Post. Judge Ogden made a brief talk,
John \V. Gwilt rendered a vocal selec
tion. Hon. William Lair Hill stfoke on
behalf of the Evergreen Cemetery As
sociation, Miss Susie Gladding sang
"Tenting To-night" and then came the
oration by Senator Perkins, who said
in part:
It seems entirely fit and appropriate to me
that we should gather here to-day, the an
niversary of the battle of Bunker Hill, to
cr.nsecrate this burial plat of Lyon Pout
No. S. named after General Nathaniel Lyon.
who fell at the battle of Wilsons Creek, in
Mihgourl, during the early part of the Civil
War. Dust we are and to dust we must
return and the chief reason why we are met
here t'o-day is to turn back the pages of our
memory and meditate upen the ll\-es and
patriotism of the noble makers and defenders
of the nation, who are.no more on earth.
Bunker Hill and what transpired there had
b«en a beacon Iirht of history. Even 1 nation
has bowed In homage and recognized th»
valor there displayed by our forefathers.
When I visited the monument of Bunker Hill
as a boy I felt like Scripture tells us Moaes
felt when he approached the burning bush.
An unplaced vole« teemed to whisper to me.
"Thou are treading on holy ground." The
herces of Bunker Hill helped to make the
republic, the veterans of the Civil War pre
served It and the younger heroes of the Span
ish-American war removed the yoke of op-
Uekslon from Cuba. These were grand and
glorious achievements arid all credit and rev
erence Is due tr. those who participated in
thtm. To-day as we consecrate this sacred
s|«t we have reason to -congratulate ourselves
on the condition of our country and to revere
the memory of those who bequeathed to us
such a splendid heritage, not forgetting the
father of our country. George .Washington,
and its «avlcr Abraham Lincoln. Let us be
guided by the patriotism which Inspired the
makers and defenders of this nation and our
future will be blessed.
Lyon Post No. 8. Grand Army of the
Republic, dedicated Its burial plat in
the new Evergreen Cemetery, near
Mills College, this afternoon, United
States Senator George C. Perkins deliv
ering the address of the occasion. Five
hundred persons, including many vet
erans of the Civil War, were present at
the impressive exercises.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. June 17.
Closing of the June Term
Marked by Appropriate
Exercises by~ the Class
United States Senator Is
the Orator of the Day
and Talks of Patriotism
OFFICIALS TAKE PAET
Katie L. and George L. Fltz to Anna W.
Nylander and Johanna M. Hanson, him, Ala
meda ; ?5.
W. G. and Nellie A. Britt to Ernest C and
Ar.na Williams (e<iual share?>. lot on X l!n«
of Carlton street. 211 W of Fulton. W 4i> by
N 1.15. portion lots 23 and 22. block t420.
Berkeley property, maps No*. 1 and 2. Blak«
Tract, portion plat ft), etc.. Berkeley: $10.
Emily B. Hopkins (widow) to Bay Counties
Power Company <a corporation). light of way
not to exceed In width 25 feet for the purpose
of maintaining two pole line* for conducting
and transmitting electricitv. the center line of
yald right of way being described as follows:
Beginning at point on E line plat 84. Kellers
berKer*s map of Rancho V. and D. Peralta.
which r-olnt Is 670. more or less, from NE cor
ner said plat 94. thence In a SW direc
tion to the E lln* of tract in said plat «-».
owned and occurred by the Contra Cowta
Water Company as and for a reservoir site.
bring estimated distance of 1CC0 feet, nwrn nr
les«. Berkeley, also lot beginning at' point on
W line of said tract In plat »4 owned as afore
said by Contra Costa Wnter Cbmpanv. thence
W In N H of Bald plat 84. crossing Bay View
avenu* an per map of Hopkins Terraco and
running W across S aide of lots 4. 3 and 1 of
raid last map to E line of Arch street, a dis
tance of $00 feet, more or less, quit claims to
right of way. etc.. across portion Sobrante
ranch. In Contra Costa County. Berkeley: $10.
Jacob F. and Etta T. Zellerbacb to Georsrft
L. Fltz. lot on N line of Clinton avenue 15<>
W of Oak street. W .V» by >» 15O. lot «. 'in E
U of block P. lands adjacent to Enclnat. Ala
meda: *3.
J. R. and Sarah May Morris to Bertlntus
and Olene Le*. lots 4 to 6. Snyder Tract.
Berkeley: $10.
A. A. and N. C. Heron (husband) to Parah
S. Barstow. re-record 080 D. 10>i. lots 32 and
•'53. block A. . amended map Teachers' Tract.
Berkeley, quitclaim d°<?d: $30.
J. B. and Catherine Cas&bonns to P. Mllho.
lot on NW corner of Delawar* and Sixth)
streets. N 19fl:2 by W 131, lots 1.3 to 17. block
f.«. Tract P. Berkeley L. and T. I. Associa
tion. Berkeley; $10.
Mrs. P. J. and Irwln J. Truman to William
Dormer, lot on SW line of Clinton street. 2"0
SE of Union. SE 1C0 by SW 1(K>. lots 9 to 12.
block L new map of eastern part of Linn
Homestead. East Oakland; $10.
John J. Meyer and Annie E. Bullock to
same (widow), conveys interest contained In
decree of distribution of estate of Catherine
Meyer, name. Oakland; ?10.
Plummer Improvement Comsany to Nelson
Koford. lot on W line of Etna street. 255 S
of Kearney, 8 45 by W 135. block 4. map of
property of John Kearney, Berkeley; $10.
Frank and Elizabeth A. Telchman. and
George and Stella Hewlett to Ernest F. Barry,
lot on S line of Howe street. 152:10 W of Tel
egraph avenue. W 85 by S 13O.8O, lot 10 ana
portion of lot 9. block D. Suburban Tract.
Berkeley; 110.
Miles Sllverthorn to Louis* Pllverthorn. lot
on S line of Buena Vista avenue. 68:1 W of
Oak (Twenty-third) street. W 31:11 «by S
86. portion of lot 11. block 39. land* adjacent
to Enclnal. Alameda: gift.
James Timilty «t al. to Louis E. Brown, lot
on K Una of Castro street. «2:8 I* of Fourth.
N 37:6 by E 100 lot 4 and portion of 3 and 1
ss block 47, Kellersberger's map. Oakland;
$10.
George Brown to Jennl« McCall Bliss (wifa
of Percy L.). lot on X lln» of Marlposa street.
40 E of Brown. E 80 by N 116:8, lots 20 and
21. map resubdivtslon of block A Brumagim
Tract. Oakland; $10.
Asrostlno Canepa to Angela Canepa (wife),
lot beginning at point on — Of Seventh street.
75 W of Chester. W 25 by S 96 lot 21. block
485. map redlvlaion of city blocks 4&4 to 49«.
Oakland; gift.
Same to same, lot «n IT line of "West Fifth
stret-t. 14.1:9 W of Center. W 25 by N M. lot
5. block 494. «ime map. Oakland; gift.
Charles O'Har* (widower) to Ellen Casey
(widow) rerecord 021 D. 210, lot on W line of
Market street. 101 8 of Twenty- fourth. S 23
by W 125. lot 18 block Kl« map Market
street lots. etc.. Oakland: gift.'
Annie E. Bullock (guardian estate of John
H. Meyer. Incompetent) to Francises Rfld?r
lch. undivided one- third of lot on NW corner
of Pacific and Campbell streets, N 25:7 by W
74:1 lot 20, block 406. Gibbons property. Oak
land Point, Oakland: $530.
Frederick G. and Lydia A. Otto to Lulu A.
Anderson, lot on N line of Seventh itren or
Railroad avenue. 130 E of Union. N 127:5 B
21. S 127:3. W 21. block 033. Boardman« map.
Oakland; J10O.
Chrlsrtoph Screen (widower) to James R.
Little, lot on K line of Henry street. 10O S of
Third S Mby E 125. lota 21 and 22. block K.
map Bay View Homestead. Oakland; $!CO.
James R. and Margaret A. Little, to South
ern Pacific Company, came; 110.
Mariano G Bale to Meta K Bale (wife), lot
on SW corner of East Twenty-flrat street and
Seventeenth avenue. S 140, W 35, N 14". E to
beginning, block 58. San Antonio. East Oak
land: *10.
Puset Sound Lumber Company (corporation)
to Virslnla R. and Joseph F. Mullender. lot on
N line of Pacific avenue, 73:8 W of Sherman
street, W 36:6 by N 110, lot 9 and portion of
lots 8 and 10. block F. map 144. lots In Paga
Tract. Alameda; 910.
Bert -M. and Capltola A. IUetJ.irr.an to Mary
K. Wood, lot on NB corner of Pacific avenue
and Wood street. E 33:4 by N 100. Alaraeda;
110.
Annie R. Wood (wife- of Charles L.) to game
(slnsrle), lot on N line of Pacific avenue. 50 E
of Wood street. E 16:S. N 10O, B 33:4 N 50.
W 6O. S ISO to beginning-. Alalneda- $10
FRIDAY, JUNE 17.
Alameda County.
Kli\L ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
ADDRESS BY PEEKINS
Students of Oakland High
School Receive. Rewards
for Application to Work
Lyon Post Veterans Hold
Exercises at Their Plat
in Evergreen Cemetery
GIVE DIPLOMAS
TO GRADUATES
DEDICATE NEW
BURIAL PLACE
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 18, 1001.
Reorganization of Protection Service Proceeding
Slowly but With Promise of Effective Results.
Twenty-Nine Men Now Employed on Salaries
BERKELEY SUBSTITUTES PAID
TOR UNPAID FIRE DEPARTMENT
6
FREE TO-DAY
Read Ad. on Classified Page.
SEASONABLE GIFTS
Our Sunday, Want Ad. Patrons
Receive a
EUREKA FLY PAPER GUARD
'And One-Half Dozen Sheets
STICKY FLY NET PAPER
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 4503.
OAKLAND.
1011 Broadway. ,
Telephone Main 1083. ',*.\
BERKELEY. j]1
2148 Center Street. i£}J
Telephone North 77. ° *3
BKAtfCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALA]tfEDA COUNTY
ADVEBTISE2EENTS.
¦ r I ' '^\
An You Interested in the Condition of Your
TEETH*?
Do you want them to look well and
work well? To be free from pain? To
be out of your mouth if they have
passed beyond usefulness? To be filled
with a permanent composition If de-
cayed? Do you want to have the neces-
sary
DENTAL WORK.
Done at moderate cost? If you do.
come to
Post-Graduate Dental College,
3 TAYLOR ST.. SAN TSAHCISCO.
973 "Washington St.. Oakland.
Saa Jos*. • . • ¦ Sacnuaeata.Sun, Moon nnd Tide.
The bark Olympic was cleared for Hono
lulu yesterday with an assorted merchandise
cargo, valued at $39,800 and Including the
following: COO bbls flour. 2510 ctl» barley,
211 ctls wheat, 24 "t ctls oats, ."ir,K ctls corn,
:..;:."» lbs. bran, 1US3 lbs j«-h*. 435 hales hay.
28.200 lbs middlings. 40.000 lb» sugar, 37.500
lba ealt. 12,000 lbs lard. lO.bOl lb« bread.
Exports for Honolulu.
a
MhttcrH of Interest to* Mnrl tiers and
Shipping Merchants.
The ntitlsh ship Falls of Halladale waa
cleared yesterday for Frceinantle, Australia,
•with cargo valued at $61,601 and including
l.r.t-l.i::'. it lumber. 3<>00 doors. C50 pkga metal
polish. Ill rolls roofllng paper and I'.'i cs
paints, & ." : . v
NEWS OF Till: OCEAX.
The eteamer Francis H. Lepgett left Mid
way Island yesterday for Astoria.
The Pacific Mail Company's new liner Man
churia, i aj ta!n Eaunders. called Thursday for
thih port from Norfolk, Va. -
The etcamer Arrow, purchased on Puget
Found by Hatch Bros, for the run between
here and Vallrjo «alle<j yesterday from Se
attle.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's)
Queen left Seattle yesterday for this port.
The *!eam:ih!p City of Peking, Captain Rob
inson, will call to-day for Panama and way
ports
Water Front Notes.
The new steamer General Mlffiln, which has
Just been built by the Rledon Iron Works, un
der the supervision of Major Devoi. for the
quartermaster*' department of the United
States army, has been put Into eervlce, and
yesterday attracted considerable attention on
the bay. The new boat, which presents a fine
appearance, will be u*ed to carry water and
supplies to Angel Inland and Fort Baker, ak
Trell as to assist the steamer General Mc-
Dowell In the general work between the bay
posts.
General 3Iiffl In a Fine Boat.
The Kosmoa lln»r Luxor, which arrived
Thursday evening, 108 days from Hamburg,
wae released from quarantine yesterday. She
brought twenty-five passengers and 300(9 ton»
of freight. Her cargo Included a large ship
ment t f nitrate of soda. She also brought
considerable coffee and a >btg consignment of
cement.
I,uxor Is Released.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. ] From. • Due.
Ban Joee ! New York via Panama. June IS
8. Barbara. . . ! San Pedro June 18
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria June IK
Argo I Eel Rlv»r Ports June 18
G. Llndauer.. ! Grays Harbor .Tune 10
Arctic I Humboldt IJune 1!)
San Mateo...' Tacoma : June 19
San Pedro j Pan P.dro. jjun<- 19
Centennial 'Seattle & Taroma IJune lit
Ellzab.th ;Coqulile River jJune 1!)
Pomona ! Humboldt IJune I!)
Sequoia IWillapa Harbor June in
Tellus ! Oyrtrr Harbor 'June 20
Lakme : San Podro [June 20
K. Dollar • Kedondo [June 20
Breakwater. . ' Coon Hay |June HO
Kureka HumboMt [June 20
Alliance Portland & Way Torts. |juno 20
State of Cal.. Pan Diego & Way PtsUune 20
Quoen I'uRet Sound Ports. .. .!Jun-> 20
Del None Crrsocnt City IJune 21
AlsmeJa Honolulu |June il
Chlco Portland A Astoria (June 21
Porno Point Arena & Albion.! June 21
Bonlta [Newport & Way Ports. (June 21
Rainier lf**attl* *- Belllnijham. . l.lune 21
Iaqua I Pan Pedro Munn 22
Centralia. . . . j fJrays Harbor [June 22
Corona. I Humbolilt June 1'2
Aureila Por'.lano" & Astoria IJune 22
Newburg ] 'Iray* Harbor 'June 2!
S. Monica. ..! San Pedro June 2.'!
North Fork. . .1 Humboldt 'June 'Z.i
Point Arena. . | Mm'locino k Pt. Arena|June Ti
Santa Kosa...| fan Diego & Way Pts.lJune 2:t
Nevadan ; Honolulu & Kahulul. .IJune 2.t
Columbia j Portion*! R- Astoria. .. .'June :•:{
Arrata I Coo« Hay & Pt. Orford. IJune 21
City Panama, j New York via Panama. June 25
Coos Bay I San Pedro & Way Pts.iJune 2."i
City Puebla..! Puitrt Hound Ports. ... Mime •>*
Mariposa [ Tahiti • |June 2(1
Curacao. ... .. ' Mexican Ports IJune 27
Ple.rra ! Sydney rind Way Ports, ijune 27
St. Paul Nome an<l St. Michael. IJune 27
Acapulco New York via Panama. IJune 29
TO SAIL. .
Steamer. Destination. I Sails.l Pier.
June 18. I I
S.Barbara.. Orays Harbor I 4 pmlPIer 2
Corona Humboldt [l;3» p]Pler »
Pt. Ajena... Point Arena I 4 pm Pier 2
City Peking. N. Y. via Panama|12 m|Pier 40
Jane 19. I I
J. Higglns. Lor Angeles Ports.lll am|Pier 2
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. OrfdllO am|Pler la
H. Rosa 'San Diego & VVay.1 U am Pier 11
Vmatllla ; Puget Sound Porte.lll am Pier 3
June 20. I I
San Pedro. . j Tlumholdt |12 m Pier 2
Argo Eel niver Ports...! 4 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.| 0 am Pier 11
Jnnc 31. I I
Pomona Humboldt |l:30p!P|er 0
Elixnb-th... Coquille River | 5 pmlPIer 20
Costa Rica.. Astoria & Portland|U amjPler 24
June 22. ¦ | |
Breakwater Coos Bay direct..-! 5 pmlPIer 8
Iaqua Humboldt |10 am Pier 2
Euteka Humboldt I » amll'ier 1.1
Arctic Humboldt 9 am|PIer 2
Centralia... I>os Angeles. ...... 10 am! Pier 10
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos B jPler 10
Coptic China & Japan ) 1 pmiPler 40
June S3. I |
8. Monica... Grays Harbor I 4 pm'Pler 2
Ponio Pt- Arena & Albion; « pm|Pier 2
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. ? amIPlcr 11
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor...'. I 4 pmlPIer 20
O. Llndauer Grays Harbor | |Pler —
June 24. | |
Bonita Newport & Way... 9 am 'Pier 11
Quren Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 8
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Jane 25. | |
Alameda Honolulu Ill am Pier 7
San Jose.... N. Y. via Panama. 12- m Pier 40
Rainier Seattle & BUngham 4 pm Pier 10
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Aureila Astoria & Portland 4 pm Pier 2
Jane 26. I |
North Fork. Humboldt I B pmlPIer 20
Columbia...' Astoria & Portlandlll ami Pier 24
; Juno 20. l|
Nevadan...-. Honolulu* Kahulul] 3 pm|Pler 25
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. • For. ' I Sails.
Dlrlgo Skagway A Way Ports. IJune IS
Homboldt.... Skngway & Way Ports. June 20
Al-Kl '•• Bkagway & Way Ports. June 2»
Oregon Nome A St. Michael.. June 25
Victoria Nome & Way Ports. .. June 25
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. June 27
Dol"»hln Skagway & Way Ports. June L'8
Farallon Skagway A Way Ports. Juno 28
Santa Clara.. Valdez & Se ward. ..... IJune z&
NEW YORK— Arrived June 1»— Stmr La
Savole. from Havre; stmr P&nnonla. from
Trieste' Fiume and Palermo. - ¦ ¦
GENOA— Arrived June 16— Stmr Prinz
Oskar. from Kew York, via Naples.
HAMBURG — Arrived June 16 — Stmr
D«utschland." from New , York, via Plymouth
and Cherbourg. June IT — Stmr Pretoria, from
New York, via' Plymouth and Cherbourg.
MOVILLE — Sailed June 17 — Stmr Furnessla,
for New York.
QUEENSTOWN — Failed June 17 — Stmr Cre
tlc; for Boston.
Arrived June 17 — Stmr Republic, for New
York, from Liverpool.
BREMEN — Arrived June 17 — Stmr Frinzesa
Alice, from New York, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg.
BOULOGNE— Arrived June 17— Stmr Staten
dani. front New York, for Rotterdam.
COPENHAGEN — Arrived- June 15 — Stmr
United States, from New York.
FIUME— Arrived June 17— Stmr Ultonla,
from New York, via Trieste.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed June 17— Stmr
Moltke. for New York, via Cherbourr. . • - '
- ROTTERDAM— Arrived June 17— Stmr Stat
•ndam, from New York, via Boulogne. : •
FOREIGN PORTS.
ANTWERP— Arrived June J3 — Fr bark
Colonel de Vil'rboi* Mareuil, from Tacoma.
,HULIi — Arrived June 10— Fr bark MacMa
hon hence Jan I 27.
TENERIFFE-:— Arrived June 10 — Ger- stmr
Numanlia, from Guatemala, for Hamburg.
WALMER — Passed June 15 — Fr bark Jean,
hence Feb 2, for Grlmsby.
ALGOA BAY — Arrived June 15 — Br ship
Fleur de Lis. from Port Ludlow.
MORORAN— Sailed June 17— Stmr Stanley
Dollar for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE, A US— Sailed June 16— Ship
Fort George, for Honolulu.
• OCEAN STEAMERS.
NORFOLK— Sailed Jun* 16 — Stmr Man
churia, for San Francisco. . "¦ .
MIDWAY ISLAND — Sailed June 16 — Stmr
Francis G Lesrgett, for Portland, Ore.
HONOLULU — Arrived June 17 — Stmr Si
beria, hence "Jcne 11.' .
EASTERN PORT.
ISLAND PORTS
PORT LUDLOW — Arrived June 17— Schr
John G North, hence May 31.
PAN PEDRO— Arrived June 17— Stmr Santa
Monica, from Grays Harbor; stmr Iaqua, from
KureUa, via Snn Francisco; stmr Samoa, from
Caspar, via San Franclsco; schr Transit, from
Columbia RIv*r; schr James II Bruce, from
Wlllapa Harbor.
Sailed June 17— Schr Bainbrldge. for Port
Blakoley. ¦
TATOOSII — Passed In .Time 17 — Stmr Shaw
mut. from Honekonr. for Tacoma.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived June 18 — Schr
Frtd J Wood, from .Guaymaa.
Sailed June 17 — Schr Melrose. for San Fran
clsro: y^hr Marlon, for San Francisco. . ,
ABERDEEN — Arrived June 17— Stmr New
burg, hence June 12.
Sailed June 12— Schr Marion, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Chehalis, for Pan Pedro.
The American bark Holliswood, which was
quotwi st 20 per cent for reinsurance, has been
spoken. La*t ex-enlng the Merchants' Ex
change received a tflogram from San Pulro
saying that the rchooner Transit from the
Columbia Itlver had been hailed by the Hollis
wood in latitude :;3 degrees .'{0 minutes north
and longitude 122 degrees :*> minutes wet<t.
That would mean that th» bark was about KO
mllps soutbweyt of this j>ort. The Transit re
port* that the Molliswood was leaking badly
ani was short of provisions, which were fur
nlfliod her from the storf-s of the schooner.
The Holliswood is now 112 days from New
castle. Australia, bound for this port, and her
non-arrival yesterday caused her relnsuranct
rat«-n to Jump from 15 to 20 per oent. The
revenue cutter Daniel Manning left port yes
terday to search for the missing bark and will
probably find her before morning. There vu
no change in the reinsurance rates for the
other overdues.
Bark HolIlMvood Is Spoken.
H. W. Reed, chief yeoman, who has been en
the Albatrnaa for a number of years and In
the navy for thirty years, retired from the
frvice yesterday on a pension.
H. C. Fassett, who has spent fifteen years on
the Albatross in the service of the Fish Com
mission, or Bureau of Fisheries, as it Is now
called, was yesterday detached and ordered
to Loring, A'aska. to make a study of the
ralmon there. Faysett, during his long service
on the AlbatrOEs. has had the advantage of
co-operating In the most important scientific
researches in which the Fish Commission
steamer has participated, and he Is deemed
me of the most valuable men in the service.
He hae friends wherever the AlbatrOFs has
dropped anchor. To Fassett's skill as a writer
many of the who have cruised on
the Albatrom owe the conclf^nr^s of th^lr re
ports. His place will be difficult to fill, but
he has earned the promotion that has coroe to
him by years of conscientious work, and even
those who micht b<* inconvenienced by his
leaving will rejoice at the recognition he hati
received
Promotion lor H. C. F^ossett,
• SEATTLE— Sailed June 1C— Stmr Santa Ana.
for Valdes. June 17 — Stmr Queen, for San
Francisco; stmr Montnra. for San Francisco;
10:40 a m— Ftmr Arrow, for San Francisco.
Arrived June 17 — Stmr City of Puebla, hence
June 14. - . -
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived June 17— Bane
Prussia, from Port Blakelev. , ,
Arrived June 17 — Bark Prussia, from Port
Blakrley. / • - •
PORT HARFORD— Sailed June 17— Stmr
Coos Bay, for San Francisco. •
Snile.l June 17— Stmr Bonlta, for San Pedro.-
COOS BAY— Arrived June 17— Stmr Alliance,
from Portland, for San Francisco; rtmr Break
water, hence June 15. -: -•'.
ASTORIA— Arrived June . 17— Stmr Chico,
hone June 11. ' •
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived June 17— Bktn
Amazon, from Honolulu, for Tacoma. ¦
Passed lnwnrd June 17 — Schr Alvena, from
San Pedro, for Tacoma.
VENTURA— Arrived June 17 — Stmr Geo
Loomls. hence June 15.
Failed June 17— Stmr Santa Barbara, for
San Francisco.
Sailed June 17 — Stmr Geo Loomls. for Re-
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed June 17— Stmr
State of California, for San Diego.
RKDONDO— Arrived June 17— Stmr Des
patch, hfnee, June 14; schr 'Azalea, from
Eureka; schr Ext*nslon, from Grays Harbor.
Sailed June 17— Bktn 'Wrestler, for Grays
Hnrbor. , ¦ • : . ¦ . ,' -
failed June 17— Stmr Despatch, for San
Pedro. ' .' ' .
Arrived June ,17-7-Schr Geo W Watson, from
Portland.
PORT . MADISON— Arrived June 1*— Schr
Willie R Hume, from Ballard.
ROGUE RIVER— Sailed June 10— Schr Ber
wick, for Eureka.
TILLAMOOK— Sailed June 15— Schr C T
Hill, for San Francisco. •. •
EUREKA— Arrived June 17— Schr Berwick,
from Rogue River.
Arrived' June. 17 — Stmr Marshfleld. from San
Pedro: Ktmr Ascension.' from Portland.
PORT ANGELES— Sailed June 17— Schr Ori
ent for San Francisco. ' . ...
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed June 17— Nor
stmr TetJ«- Vlken. for Puget Sound.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived June. 17— Stmr Jas
S Higglns, hence June. lfl. , .
SOUTH - BEND-^Arrived June . 17— Bchr
Western" Home, hence June Z ..
POINT LOBOS. June 17, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind NW: velocity 20 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TELEGRAPHIC.
May 26— Lat 42 1 X, long 130 IV. bark Hol
llswoin*. from Newcastle, Am, for San Farn
clsco.
Per schr Transit, at Pan Pedro, June 17 —
Spoke bark Holliswood,' from Newcastle, N S
W, for Sun Francisco, in lat .15 HO north,
long 122 50 w«"8t, leaking ba'rtly; short of pro
visions, which were • supplied; sail* blown
away.
SPOKEN
Friday, June 17.
II S stmr Daniel Manning. Cantwell, cruise
In Feanh of bark llolllswood.
Stmr Rival, Foaen. liowrns Landing.
Stmr V A Kllburn. Jahnsen. Port Rodgers.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, Halfmoon Bay. '
Stmr F.ureka. Jewen, Kureka.
Htmr South Bay, Jamlenon, Eureka.
Stmr .Signal, Bendegaard, Coc« Bay.
Stmr Alcatrat, Carlfon, Greenwood.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz. i
Simr Nebraokan, Weedf n, . Honolulu,' via
Portland.
Br bark Adderly, Berqulst, Port Townsend.
Bark Olympic, Evnns. Honolulu.
Schr R W Bartlett, Nlcolson, Port Gamble.
SAILED
Friday, June 17.
Stmr Snnta Roea. Alexander. San Diego; Pa
cific Coast SteamfihlD Company.
Stmr Nebraskan. We«>d«-n, Portland and
Honolulu: Williams. Dlmond &¦ Co.
Br stmr Wyefteld, Watson, Nanalmo; West
ern Fuel Co.
P.r shl? Falls of Halladale, Thomson, Fre
mantle; J J Moore & Co.
P.ark Andrew Welch, Drew, Honolulu; Welch
& Co.
Bktn Tronic Bird. Eggar, Nome;- Seattle
Shipping Company.
CLEARED,
Friday, June 17.
Etmr F A Kllburn, Jahnsen, 7 hours from
Port Rodgers.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 26 hours from Mon
terey.
Stmr Newsboy. Adler, 36 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson. 12 hours from Bowena
Landing.
I5r stmr Lothian. Williamson. 20 day» from
Hongkong, via Moji 23 days; bound to b'allna
Cruz; put In on account of main steam pipe
pipe bursting on June 10.
Stmr Arcata. Nelson, "51 hours 'from Coos
Bay. via Port Orford 44 hours.
Ktmr Whlttier, Dickson. 48 hours from As
toria.
Simr Maggie, Corning, 4 hours from Half
m"cn Bay.
Bktn Tarn O'Shanter, Slmmle, 3 days from
Coos Bny.
ARRIVED.
Shipping Intelligence.
Acting Superintendent Savllle will
inspect the machines and issue certifi
cates. . ¦
Changes affecting the manipulators
of automobiles and kindred vehicles
were made in the ordinances. Here
after chauffeurs will have to pass an
examination as to their knowledge of
the machines. For their certification
that they have sufficient engineering
ability a $2 charge will be made. Any
act not in accordance with the ordi
nance is declared a misdemeanor.
Penalty Is fixed by statute, hence "the
ordinance is silent on that subject.
Knights Templar will be allowed to
drill where the public can watch them
without interference. That decision
was reached by the Park Commission
ers yesterday. When the members of
the board 'met the question of ordi
nances that regulate the park was
paramount. Commissioner Lloyd had
devoted considerable time and thought
to the subject and had been assisted by
Judge Murphy. It required a quorum
to pass on the rules and regulations
to govern the usages of the park and,
as there were only three Commission
ers present, Commissioner Lloyd tack
led the telephone to insist upon the
presence of Commissioner Sullivan.
Mr. Sullivan had been misinformed as
to the meeting place, which was In
Mr. Lloyd's office, but he was found
and the work of the board proceeded.
Chauffeurs -Hereafter- Mast Have Ma
chines Inspected and Pass Exam
y Inn t ion as to Knowledge.
PARK COMMISSIONERS PASS
ORDINANCES, 1VITII CHANGES
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
1.1 e.; at noon of the 120th meridian or at 8
p.' m; Greenwich, time.- • J.€. BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants* Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
June 17.
Movements of Steamers.
4084 lbs K cs meal.*, 210 cs, baking powder,
170 pkr* grV^erles and provisions, CCO cs canned
salmon. 1175 lbs dried fruit. 700 lbs chocolate.
4^0 lbs raisins, f.2 pkgs paste. 496 cs assorted
canned goods, 6540 gals CO cs wine. 2400
gals vinegar, 14S cs mineral water, HO gals
125 cs whisky. !>41f» lbs soda, 100 cs matches,
Ml bxs soap. 50 colls rope, 2.1 bales brooms.
2<i pkg? agricultural Implements. 35 pfcgs dry
goods. 8 cs hats and caps, 85,000 bricks, 500
bbls lime 4450 lbs axle grease, 4000 lbs
tobacco. 20 tons coke. 200 cs 120 kegs powder,
25 cs paints, 20 carboys acid. *
CHINA COMMERCIAL STEAMSHIP
LOTHIAN. WHICH PUT IN HEItE
FOR REPAIRS.
minutes latrr than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places. -
SATURDAY. June 18.
Sun rises 4:47
Sun Fct.x... • 7:34
Moon set? ....11:17 p. m.
O |Time| JTlmel ; Time ITlme
• | 1 Ft. [ 1 Ft. Ft. I Ft.
t IH W| IL W| ¦ jil W , |i;.W .
IS I 2-10 6.0 8:r..1— 0.1 3:.VS 5.2 0:30 j£e
1» .1:17 4.0 0:42 0.4 4:47 JV.4 10:40 2..1
1*0 I 4:37 4.1 10:40 ' .1.0 5:35 6.6 11:54 1.8
21 ! 5:T»7 4.0 11:40 '<- 1.6 0.25 .5.6
L»W • HW ' L \V ¦•• H -\V
22 ] 0:!>S 1.3 7:20 4.012:36 2.0 7:14 6.6
NOTE— In the abovef exposition of the tides
the early morning 'tides are given, in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from • the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.'
The repairs will probably take not
more than a day and as soon as they
are completed the Lothian will resume
her voyage.
Captain and chief engineer were
! permitted to land to make arrange
i ments for the repairs, but the Lothian
i will be detained in quarantine during
', her stay in port. There are several
; cases of sickness on board.
The Lothian is bound from Hong
kong to Salina Cruz and has on board
768 Chinese passengers. When 2000
miles west of San Francisco a strain
pipe burst, doing considerable dam
age in the engine-room. As Salina
Cruz Is an open roadstead and lacks
facilities for making the repairs the
Lothian needs. Captain Williamson de
cided to run into San Francisco.
The China Commercial Company's
Steamship Lothian surprised the local
shipping world yesterday by putting in
au appearance at this port. It is some
time since San Francisco was aban
doned as a port of call for the ves
sels of this line and the Lothian's ar
rival caused much speculation until it
was learned that she was seeking re
pairs.
"The agreement," went on Mr.
Nash, "is for the benefit of the Job
bers In perishable products and not
for the good of the men who have
signed it. It 2s a measure of protec
tion to the Jobbers and not to us. It
prevents the retailer and restaurant
keeper from going on the wharf
to buy one sack of produce at a time.
It enables the jobbers to take produce
to their stores and sHl It to the retail
ers. The larger dealers do not ob
ject to retailing on the wharves, but
thry have placed these limits on the
minimum quantity to be sold entirely
to p'rotect the\jobbers."
Whrn Mr. Nash had concluded the
Commissioners went out with W. IL
Davis, the attorney of the board. This
frave the rival produce dealers a
chance to discuss ox>enly among them
selves the various statements that had
been made, especially those that had
been made by Nash. The smaller
dealers ridiculed the statement that
the combine was working in their In
terest- Remarks were made that
might have led' to uppercuts and
other varieties, of fisticuffs, but. noth
ing of the sort resulted.
The entire section of the wharves
where perishable products are sold
will be the scene ot animated discus
sion until next Monday forenoon at
least- Then the Harbor Commission
ers will decide whether the dealers
who have just been deprived of their
permits shall receive new ones to sell
en the wharves of the State.
Nash rose to accept this challenge.
Attorney Reinstein tried to dissuade
him from making any statement, Nash
having said that he would like to an
swer, but would not confine himself
to any categorical statement, affirm
atively or negatively. Despite Rein
ctein'B advice. Nash made his state
ment and incidentally Issued a "defi"
to the dealers who withdrew from the
Produce Dealers' Protective Associa
tion and who appeared as complain
nnts against I* Scatena & Co., Wolf
& Son and the American Produce
Company. "
"I challenge them," shouted Na^h.
pointing at the hostile camp of prod
uce men arrayed on the opposite side
of the Harbor Commissioners' board
room, "to say that they wish this
agreement of which Mr. Wise, their
attorney, complains to be changed."
There was response from the other
camp. Charlra J. Lercarl accepted
the challenge and said it was desired
that the agreement among the mem
bers of the combine should be discon
tinued.
TALKS ABOCT JOBBERS.
Incidentally, while making his ar
gument. Attorney Wise said that he
would challenge J. T. Xash to deny
that the intent of the agreement en
tered into after the Produce Dealers'
Protective Association dissolved was
that the members of the new com
bine -would not sell less than fifty
sacks of potatoes or twenty-five sacks
of onions to any member of the com
bine.
unexpected turn yesterday. Attorney
Wise had argued at great length that
the agreement among seventy or
more wholesale firms to sell no less
than fifty sacks of potatoes or twenty
five sacks of onions to any member of
the combine was in violation of the
Woodward law, which provides that
no discrimination shall be made as be
tween solvent purchasers. He con
tended that such an agreement
would effectually shut out of
business the dealers of email
mean 1 ?, who could not afford to buy
large quantities. Attorney Reinstein
replied that the agreement was all
right; that the provision to which Mr.
Wise/ especially oxcepted and which
provided that any quantities of onions
or potatoes less than those specified
in the agreement should bring a high
er price proportional to the smallness
of the lot, was just.
The proceedings took a somewhat
An important issue under the now
ramouj Woodward law to regulate th^
f;«1c of perishable products pn the
Site's property in this city was raised
before the Board of Harbor Commis
sioners yesterday. Whether new per
mits to sell on the wharves fhall be
granted to Wolf & Son, L. Scatena &
Co. and the American Produce Com
rany, who were deprived of permits
by the Commissioners last week, wan
p. Question then left unsettled. Ar
guments were heard from Attorneys
Otto Wise and J. B. Reinstein. After
Commissioners Mackensie and Kirk
r atrick had conferred Klrkpatrick
Pa id that R grave question had been
raised about an agreement on the part
of seventy or more of the wholesal
er of produce and the Commissioners
•Tinted time to consult with counsel.
A decision will be given next Monday
morning at 11 o'clock.
There were before the board npp.i
cntions from Ivanovich & Co., Mitch
ell & Goodall. Garcia & Maggini and
G Berti & Co. for permits to sell on
the wharves. These firms were de
prived of their permits by the Com
missioners some months ago. When
s permit Is taken away under the
Woodward law it is necessary only to
X^ay $50 for a new permit and to se
cure the favorable action of the Com
missioners. The firms of Ivancovkh
& Co.. Mitchell & Goodall. Garcia &
Mapfrini nnd G. Berti & Co. had neg
lected to deposit S50 with each of
their several applications. The sec
retary of the bonrd was instructed to
notify these firms that their petitions
would not be considered until the
money was deposited.
AX INEXPECTEI) TURN.
Had her enc'nes been stopped and due dili
gence been observed by the appellant. I believe
every «>ul on the South Portland could have
be«n saved. He took to th« first boat Instead
of remaining on the vessel and seeing that
every perron on board was in the boats, his
excuRe being that h» had a superior knowledge
of the coast thereabout, and thereby could be
expected to land his boat safely. The fact is;
he thought he was at the time eighteen miles I
north of. the Cap« Blanco Reef.
Such conduct on his part on leaving the ves
sel at the time he did was, to nay the least,
extremely selfish, if not decidedly unseaman-
Uke. even though he had arranged with his
chief officer to take charge of and place in the
starboard boat those he left remaining on the
ship. The result shows how shocklnjly that
arrangement- was carried out. The sea was
comparatively smooth, and both of her boats
might have been safely lowered away with
passengers and crew In th«m and got away
from the ship without accident under more
skillful seamanship.
I agree with th» local board In Us findings,
but in consideration of the admission of some
of the testimony taken by the local board In Its
Investigation of the cause of the loss of the
steamer South Portland. I will mitigate the
penalty of the revocation of his license as
master, ocean, then having- three years ejght
months and sixteen days to run, to a suspen
sion of the same for two years from November
23, 1903.
Bermingham finds that Captain Me- j
Intyre. was negligent and unskill/ul, j
having changed the vessel's course
four or five times between the Colum- J
bia River bar and Cape Blanco reef,
where she fetruck about a mile and a
half from shore. She was then going
at full, speed in a dense fog without |
previously obtaining proper sound- j
Ings. Mclntyre at that time believed i
his vessel had struck on the reef off j
the Coquille River, about eighteen j
miles to the north of where she ac- i
tually struck. Captain Bermingham
says:
Justice Is tempered with mercy In
a decision handed down yesterday by
United States Supervising Inspector
Captain John Bermingham In the ap
peal of . Captain James B. Mclntyre,
formerly of the steamship South Port
land. Local Inspectors Bolles and
Bulger had found him guilty of neg
ligence and unskillfulness and had re
voked his license. Captain' Berming
ham approves the verdict of guilty,
but reduces the sentence of revocation
to that of suspension. '-. "
The South Portland ran upon a reef
off Cape Blanco oh the Oregon coast
during a fog at 4:40 p. m. on October
19, 1903. She foundered half an hour
later. B.y the swamping of two life
boats eighteen lives were lost. In
spectors Bolles and Bulger found that
the fire and boat drill required by law
had not" taken place during two
months.
-V- 1
Supervising Inspector Ap
proves the Verdict of
.Guilty and Suspends Him
Says Combine's Agreement Is
to Protect Small Dealers.
but Thev Are Incredulous
NAKH CONTRADICTS HIM
IS -ltEBTJKED OX APPEAL
AVise Protests That Permits
Should Not Issue to Men
Lately Deprived of The.m
Loss of the South Portland
* -
and Eighteen Lives Laid
to Masters Negligence
China Commercial Company's Steamship Lothian, Bound From Hongkong to
Salina Cruz With* 768 Celestial Passengers, Enters Port in Distress.
Will Be Held in Quarantine While Machinists. Fix Up the Damage
HARBOR BOARD
DELAYS ACTION
BURSTS STEAM PIPE IN MIDOCEAN
AND COMES HERE TO MAKE REPAIRS
M'INTYRE MUST
BEAR BLAME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", SATURDAY,' JUNE IS, 1904.
«Mrr»£e tranerenr.J to an<l from jUI trains
ftcamern. etc.. at low rat<-*. One trunk <tingie
«rip) ~" centr; rrvjnd trip 50 <-«iU. Morten
ejr^etzi r*eliverr. :Usfi Taylar rt., C50 Market >t
OaUasd Vary deput. 1'hune Kxcuna^e 1U. • '
Notice to 1'asscngcrs.
United Ptatos Coast and Geodetic Survey—
/ Vlme and Height of High and Low Waters
nt Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
May. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. v ' ¦ • . •
NOTE — The high and low waters ' occur • at
tb* cltv front (JiUslon-strcet wharf) about 23
7
ADVEaTISEDEEKTS.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS mnst bear
Fac-simile Signatoof /^^^^ '
SALLOW SKIN. BBWBBBHHHIfflfiKSiFV 1 "
Thty TOUCH the lUJ V E.FI Small Prlca
Genuine Wrapper Printed on . +T «*'
II You can dout. I know you can. I have 1 " VA
II sent hundreds and hundreds of people from g : a
II California to points as far east as the Atlantic - J
II Coast without their having a care or annoyance fij
U on the whole journey. pj
jji It is easy when one knows how — and every f J
ffl Burlington Route representative knows how. Eg
|j Let me tell you more about it. My sugges- j£j
HI tions will cost you absolutely nothing and may M
|1 prove very useful. Drop me a card to-day, r|j
IS telling me where you would like to go, and ||
!|j about when, or use the following coupon. >¦?]
M4 W. D. 8ANBORN, General Agent Burlington Route, |jj
Kj 63 1 Market Street, 8AN FRANCISCO. £M
E| Let me have your suggestions concerning a trip JT-j
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e Steamers leave Broadway
wharves, piers 0 and 11,
San Francisco:
For Ketchlkan. Wrangel.
Juneau, Halnes Skagway,
etc., Alaska — 11 a. m. Jun»
19. 24. July 5. Change to
Company's steameTs at Se-
attle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. F.verett.
Bellingham— 11 a. m.. June 19, 2J. July 5.
Change at Seattle to this company's «team»rs
for Alaska and O. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka' (Humboldt Cay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. June 21. 27 July 3. Corona, 1:30 p. m..
June IS, 24. ::0. July «.
For Los Angelfs (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa, Sundays, ft a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luia Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Ronlta 9 a. m.. June 16. 24. July 2.
Coos Bay. 0 a. m., June 20. 28. July «.
For F.nsenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Maiatlan. Altata. La Pax Santa Ro-
Balla. Guayman (M«.), 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1904— The
palatial excursion steamship Spokane will
leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria June 21. |
July r>. 1!>. Aug. 2, 16. . I
For further Information obtain folder. Right |
is reserved to chanee steamers or sailing dates. |
TICKET OPPICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st (Palace Hotel). 10 Market St.. and Broad-
way wharves. Prelffht Office. 10 Market st.
c" D DUNANN. General Passenger Agent,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
Semi-Weekly Twin Screw Service
FOR PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG. HAMBURG
Hamburg June lflj'fMoltke June 30
Phoenicia Jun« 18 JPatricla July 2
t'Bluecher June 2.Tj»Devitschland ..July 7
Pennsylvania . .Jun* 25 Belgravla July 9
•Has gilll room and tgymnastum on board.
JWI11 call at Dover only.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
Offices :>5 and 37 Broadway. New York.
HERZO'a &. CO.. 4O1 CALIFORNIA ST.
O. R. & N. CO.
COLUMBIA sails June 16. 26. July 6, 1« and
26. GEO. W. ELDER sails June 21, July 1.
11 21 and 31. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND. OR., and short rail line from Portland
to all points East. Through tickets to all
points. Steamer tickets Include berth and
m*ala. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at 11
a in S. F. BOOTH, Gen. Agt. Pass. D;pt.. 1
Montgomery St.; C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agent
Freight Dept., 3 Montgomery st.
kOKPAONIE GENERALS TRA1T3ATL&MTIQ32.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ja»j.
SaUlntr every Thursday Instead nf *?5£"*5
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. «-*»»*¦
North River, foot of Morton st. ¦ . .'¦
First cltss to Havre. 570 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
FR \L AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CAN'ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Aeent«. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
To TJ. S. Navy Yard and Vallejo.
STMRS GEN. FRI3BIE." MONTICELLO and
ARROW— 0:45 A. M.. 12:3O noon. 3:13 P.
M 600 P. M., 8:30 P. M» (ex. Sunday);
Sundays 9:45 A. M.. 8:30 P. M. Leave Val-
elo 7-00 A. M.. »:00 A. M.. 12:30 NOON.
315 P M., 6:00 P. M. (ex. Sunday): Sun-
days 7:00 A. M.. 4:15 P. M. I-nndinjr and
office Pier 2. foot Mission st. Phone Main
100S. HATCH BROS.
To U. S. Xavjr Ynrd and Vnllcjo.
Stmr. U. J. Corcoran— Leaves S. F.. foot of
riav st.. north end of ferry bldg. — Week days.
9-36 A. M.. 3 and »8 P. M. : Sundays. l»T:i0
a M 8 P. M - Leave Vallejo— Week days.
6-50 A. M.. 12:20 and 5:30 P. M.: Sundays. 5
p' M Fare, 25c each way. -Excursion rates.
8ur.day« to Vallejo. Glen Cove- and Martinez.
M)c" round trip. PIPER. ADEN. GOODALL
CO.. Dhcna Mala Ml. •Saturday accepted. . .
OCEAN TBAVEL.
AMERICAN LUTE.
Plymouth — Cneroour* — Southampton.
From New York Saturdays at 9:30 a. m.
St. Louis June 23 St. Paul July 9
Germanic July 2 Philadelphia July 11
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT LIKE.
Hew York — London Direct.
Mesaba June 25. 9 a. m.
Minnetonka July 2,9 a.m.
Mlrnehaha July 9. 2 p. m.
Minneapolis July 16, 8 a, m.
Only first-class passengers carried.
DOMINION LINE.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Canada June 25! Kensington . ...Ju!y 9
Vancouver July 2!Domlnlon July 19
HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE.
New Twin-Screw Steamer* of 12.500 Tons.
New York — Rotterdam, Via Boulorns.
Sailing Tu-wlnys at 10 a. ra.
Ryndam June 2SIStatendam ....July 13
Noordam July 3'Potsdam July 19
RED STAR JUSTE.
Ifew York — Antwerp — Paris.
From New York Saturdays at 10:30 a. m.
Finland June 2S|KrocnIand July •
Vaderland July 2lZeeland July 1*
V7HXTE STAS LINE.
New York — Queeastows — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Arabic. June 2t. .1 pm|Celtlc...July 8. t pn»
Oceanic. June 20. 7 am Raltlc. July 13, 8 pm
Teutonic. July 8. 10 anvMaJestlc.July 20. 10 am
Boston — Queenstown — Llveroool.
Cretlc June 30. July 2S. Auff. 25
Republic (new) July 7. Au». 11. Sept. 8
Cymric July 14. Auk. IS. Sept. 15
NEW SERVICE TROM BOSTON
rait Twin-Screw Steamers
Of 11.400 to 15.00O Tons..
BOSTON DIRECT TO THE
MEDITERRANEAN. VTA AZORES.
GIBRALTAR. NAPLES, GENOA. .
OANOPIC July 2. Aug. 27, Oct. *
ROMANIC ; July 30. Sept. 17. Oct. 29
First Clas* f65 upward, depending on data.
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Post »t., San Francisco.
0CC8DICS.S.C0. ?SSS?S
S S ALAMEDA for Honolulu. June 23. 11 am.
S.' S MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. July 2, 11 a. m.
S. S. SIKRRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. July ", 2 p. m.
1.D.SPEECKILS4 BROS. CO..AZtt.,TlCfct 03:3613 Iir-
iBL Frsigjit oac^ 321 Mir^it iL. Piif/..- > i;it; .:.
COSOKSHCEA AHD CHIHAET DI3CHAS3SS.
iryftSa v \95 . 1 la By . la"^
A CURE 1* •»» HOURS.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DA.MIANA CITTEK3. TUB
Great Mexican Remedy: Sives h-alth and
strength to sexual organ*. Uy|iot. :c» Market.
WeeMy Cilil jerYearSpecial Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 23ft Cal
ifornia street. Telepuane Main 1042. •
Henceforth whaleB are to be sacred
to the Norwegian fisherman. The Nor
wegian Parliament has passed a bill
prohibiting the catching and landing of
whales on the coast for the next ten
years. • ,
Townsfnd's California Glace. fruits In
artistic fire-etched boxes5715 Market st*
A Kansas banker who played fast and loose, with
other people's money is now an apprentice tailor con
vict in the penitentiary at Leavenworth. While he may
find.it difficult to adapt himself to his new environment,
he certainly may glory in the gratification of * a new
sensation, involved in what must be novel to him— -the
; "experiencevof earning ah honest living.
SEEKING INFORMATION— R. L.
B., City. When a person writes to a
stranger asking for information and
wishes a reply, by mail, the writer
should always inclose a self -addressed
and stamped envelope for a reply. It
is enough for the person to furnish the
information without being required to
pay the postage for doing; bo. The
same rule applies to queries sent to
newspapers. •
• An emissary of Japan, high in authority, has reached
this cpuntry with the avowed purpose of extracting
from conditions that he finds here reasons to suggest to
his Government severe restrictive legislation which will
keep Japanese laborers at home. Can we doubt now
that the Mikado, wise in his generation, is dpjng every
thing in his power to win our friendship?
THE battles won by the' Japanese on the peninsula
above Port Arthur arc among the greatest actions
at arms that have gone. into history. 7 The latest,
that of Telissu. again illustrates the fighting capacity, of
the Japanese and, their, determination ..not. to stay
whipped. Their comprehension of tactics is marvelous'
and their courage matchless.
•, Lieutenant General the | Baron Stakelberg, the Rus
sian commander, ; admits that he was sure, of victory
when lie . succeeded in. enveloping the Japanese : right
itank," but 'at that point the "Japanese turned and . en
veloped his right flank and cut his force to pieces, com
pelling a retreat so disorderly that fourteen Russian
guns were abandoned, the wounded left on the field and
many prisoners taken. Yet when the fight began the
Japanese had only a single battery of six-inch ' guns
and were repeatedly repulsed by the superior number of
the Russian guns.
VvAH soldiers and, j military, tacticians will . appreciate
what"' it meant,; under such .circumstance's,: to ' persist -in
THE BATTLE OF TELISSU.
The industry of eleven years, the dubious endeavors of
many anxious and ambitious men and women and the ac- (
commpdating'. acquiescence of thrifty publishers have
borne fruit in an "American peerage." Yet it is not good
to believe that there are still many otherwise worthy
American citizens who. will disturb the even current of
their lives and pay heavily" of their money to be made
publicly foolish:
BLEACHING HAIR-t-Minerva, City.
Preparations for bleaching the hair are
good for the purpose, but must be used
continually, for the bleaching material
discolors only to the surface. When the
hair grows out there is a line of de
marcation which establishes the de
ception. If you are Intent upon bleach
ing your hair the best way to do is to
consult a professional bleacher.
COPY OF WILL— A. R., City. A
copy of a will that has been filed can
be obtained from the County Cleric ot
the county in which such will was filed.
The valuation of,_the estate left by a
deceased person Is to be obtained by
an examination of the report of the
appraisers to be found on file in the
court in which the will Is probated.
King Victor Emmanuel's pet ambi
tion is to signalize his reign in the an
nals of Italy by converting Rome into
a seaport. The project of connecting
the EternaLClty with the sea by means
of a ship canal Is, of course, not a new
one; in fact, it has been mooted quite
a number of times. But now, thanks
to the energy and determination of
-the King, the scheme is about to be
put Into execution. The Tiber, which
should be the natural means of navi
gation between the metropolis and the
sea, is, unfortunately, useless for the
purpose, as the shifting sands at its
mouth, its winding course and its ever
changing shoals and pools not merely
render it unavailable for any sea-going
craft, but are likewise 'of a nature to
preclude any attempt to render it navi
gable by means of dredging for ships:
of large tonnage. • The canal, however,
could easily be constructed and offers
no engineering difficulties. The total
cost has been estimated at $11,000,000.
the idea being to make it wide and
deep enough to enable two vessels of
big tonnage to pass each ether, and
the time required for the construction
would be between four and five years.
The distance from Rome to the sea is
considerably under fifty miles and the
canal would have the, effect of draln
' ing and of sanitating a considerable
A Canal to Rome.
Tliej' tried to elect /a school teacher in a Texas town
the other day and one man was killed and four others
were desperately wounded. When the worthy people
of the Lone Star State go in for sweetness and light
there are no half-way measures with them. It is
the, morgue or. nothing,' and 1 the: recent incident is. fully
up to the precedent that gencrally.it is the morgue.
ELECTRICAL INSTRUCTOR— B. L.
B., City. Any first-class bookseller
will furnish you cuch books as you
may need for the study of electricity.
This department does not advertise the
names of booksellers.
KING OF GREECE— Enq.. * Cit>.
The total income of the King of
Greece from various sources is $260,000
annually.
'Answers to Queries.
there to take charge of the campaign
Against the Kaiser's rebellious fub
jects — the Hereros. These warlike
native?. 50.000 strong, have provided
ihe Kaiser's crack army with the
toughest military nut it hss been
¦exiled upon to crack since the war
svith France, and after Fix months of
blundering by leaders of the lower
rank the Emperor decided to send an
officer from the general staff to the
scene of action. General von Trotha,
who enjoys a fine reputation as an or
ganizer and tactician, is taking with
him reinforcements of 1500 men and
horses, and he will assume the active
I'ommind of the colonial army later
in June.
The new commander in chief is 56
years old. From 1894 to 1897 he com
manded the Kaiser's colonial forces in
East Africa, and in 1900 he accom
panied Count von Walderpee to China
»ith the rank of major general.
• Problems that will tax General von
Trotha'n abilities to the fullest await
him in West Africa. The Hereros
have proved a crafty and stubborn
foe. In the serious engagements that
have so far taken place they have suc
ceeded In defeating the Kaiser's troops
Signally. Their resistance has, indeed,
become so stanch that the Germans
have practically declared a truce
pending the arrival of reinforcements
from home: Armed with the Mauser
rifles and ammunition' supplied them
by German settlers in ' peaceful days,
the Hereroe have shown that they are
strategists as well. On two occasions
they have decisively outwitted their
crack antagonists, killing and wound
ing more than 100 officers and men.
There Is considerable my*tery about
the result of one ftghtyfind the where
abouts of a machine gun. with which
the natives are believed to have got
away. The Herero*, like the Boers,
are all mounted, understand the art
of lighting behind cover and se>m to
have mapped ont a comprehensive
guerrilla campaign. The Germans,
fresh from the fortresses and drilling
grounds of the Fatherland, find them
selves confronted with the necessity
of opposing tactics about which they
know practically nothing. The Hereros
occupy a country admirably fitted for
a tedious defensive campaign. The re
gion is mountainous and heavily tim
bered ami well fitted for harassing the
operations of an organized enemy.
The difficulties confronting Germany
in its Southwest African colony have
died Germans at home with fresh con
victions that the Fatherland is not "cut
cut" for a great colonial career. The
present rebellion seems to have been
the direct outgrowth of bureaucratic
government upon the part of German
functionaries,, who have .attempted to
govern negro natives in .the Jungles
II LIEI'T. GCXERAL VON TP.OTHA.
WHO TAKF8 COMMAND OP GER
MANYte AFRICAN FORCES.
Mr. Gladstone was once drawing
very remarkable conclusions from
some figures — an art in which he was
an unapproached master. A member
on the other side laughed out a "Hear,
hear!" ironically. Gladstone stopped
Instantly and turned and looked Trith
interest at the interrupter, who as
suredly would at that mdment have
given a good deal to recall his words.
Then he turned back to the Speaker.
"Sir," he said, "the honorable gentle
man laughs." For a minute or two
he quoted from memory a long string
of figures proving the accuracy of
what he had previously said. "The
next time the honorable member
laughs," he continued in honeyed
tones, "I would advise him — I would
venture to counsel him — to ornament
his laugh — to decorate it— with a;V
idea." ;. V
Gladstone's Retort. J -
lilied lake.
The talcs whispered low by the gossip/
Inc grasses.
The secrets that hide in the fern-tan
gled brake.
Brave hunter is he of the woods' ancient
wisdom.
Deft ansler. who catches the water
fall's tunes.
Sly trapper, who snares from the rock
and the river
. Their shadowy legends and mystical
runes.
Then up and away to the chase that is
bloodless.
Away to the streams, without tackle
or pole. •
The noblest of game is for spoilsman
and angler
Who hunt with the eye and the ear and
the soul!
— The Youths' Companion.
The lore of the punctual bird homeward
hieing.
The thought in the heart of the wood
blossom shy —
The dreams that are haunting the
zephyr-blown treetops.
Or sailing- the deep of the .soft sum
mer sky — r
The bright winged fancies that flit o'er
the shallows, ¦¦'."* '-L.
And pleam on the breast of the calm.
Wak<>! Wake! quit your slumbers. See
on the^horlzon
The morn's rosy banners are burning
to red. ; . .' •;
Up! Up! and away! there are visions in
woodland
And meadow outworth all your dream-
Ing In bed.
Nay! lose not the moments, the south
wind is searching
The hilltops and thickets unseen by
the sun.
And never was morning more gallant for
hunting
The game to be captured without rod
or gun!
Aye, plenty of game to be found for the
seeking.
Proud trophies the hunter may claim
. at his will.
And spoils he may win of the richest
and rarest.
Whose mind is to follow, but never to
kill.
For him is the plaint of the murmuring
brooklet.
The sons that is sighed from the soul
of the pine.
The game far too high for the range of
the rifle.
The fish beyond reach of the hook and
the line!
The Hunt.
to meet you, Mr. Scott. My name is
Dave Barry."
"I'M PLEASED TO MEET YOU.
MR. PCOTT. MY NAME IS DAVE
BAKRY."
Many of the railroads in the South
are prone to giving passes indiscrim
inately, so that on come of the smaller
roads about all the prominent people
who live along the line are carried
! free. Storekeepers, sawmill proprietors,
politicians— in fact almost everybody
who can afford to pay his fare goes
scot free, while the negroes and poor
country folk pay the large fares ex
acted—the larger, of course, for the
ronds* loss on the deadheads. One
Georgia railroad, however, according
to the Boston Transcript, has set its
face against the evil, and has resorted
to Scripture to make plain Its position.
It has posted in the two or three pas
senger cars that comprise its equip
ment the following notice:
"This means you! ¦.'-.» ".-¦
" 'Thou shalt not pass.'— Numbers,
xx:18.
" 'None shall ever pass.' — Isaiah,
xxxiv:10. .
¦ " 'Suffer not ¦ a man . to . pass.' —
Judges. iii:29. ,- . ; - :
" 'The wicked shall no more pass.' —
Nahum, 1:13.
" 'This generation shall not pass.'—
Mark, xiii:30.
" 'Though they roar, yet they cannot
pass.' — Jeremiah, v:22.
f " 'So he paid the fare and went.* —
Biblical Warning.
The ornithologists of the Department
of Agriculture have been making an
investigation of the economic va'ue of
the Bob White, or meadow lark, as we
call him in California, as a result of
which it Is now announced that that
bird is "probably the most useful
abundant species on the farms."
Field observations, experiments and
examinations show that the Bob White
consumes large quantities of weed
seeds and destroys many of the worst
insect oests with which farmers con
tend, and yet it does not injure grain,
fruit or any other crop.
It is calculated that from September
1 to April 30," ' annually, in Virginia
alone, the total consumption or weed
seed *y Bob Whites amounts to 373
tons. Some of the pests which it ha
bitually destroys, the report says, are
the Mexican cotton. boll weevil, which
damages the cotton crop upward of
$15,000,000, a year; the" potato beetle,
which cuts off $10,000,000 from the value
of the potato crop; the cotton worms,
which have been known to cause $30,
000,000 loss in a year; the cinch bug
and the Rocky Mountain locust,
scourges which leave desolation in
their path and have caused loss to the
extent of $100,000,000 in some years.
The report urges measures to secure
the preservation of the Bob Whites in
this country. '
The Useful J^rk.
" 'I'll stand you *arf a bitter for
your trouble,' I says. And even that
bit of lip didn't fetch 'im!
"But the .ladles! Well,; they're lit
tle bits of all right. They're free
enough with money; and wot's
more, they'll swaller any story you
like to tell 'em! And I've got a nice
little scheme on my next day off. I'm
takin' three of 'em from the Hotel
Cecil round to see the sights. I'm only
chargin' them my own! day's wages —
seven bob and exes." — London Leader.
" 'Thank you, sir,' says I ¦ again.
'And do you know what I shall do af
ter your great kindness?'
" 'Well ?' says he.
In spite of all sorts of temptations
the front seat on the top of an omni
bus U the great attraction' for Peony
L. Potts and her merry sisters. Peony
Rays that the car driver is altogether
just rlpp4n' — full of interesting infor
mation, full of -sweet stories and quite
a gentleman.
On the other hand, what does the
bus driver think of Peony and her
papa? One of them unburdened his
soul to a Leader representative re
cently.
"There's Yankees — and Yankees!"
he said. "There's cute Yankees and
there's bloomin' cute Yankees. And
1 seem to have struck the bloomin'
cute ones — and no mistake about it.
There was one gent yesterday, as Bill
pulled the bus up. for goin" up hill in
White'all. He gets on the front seat
and he saya, 'Say, driver, give us the
lay of this 'ere city of yours!'* And I
showed Mm everything from Charles
the bloomin* First to the Benk. And
he wags his wiskers and says they're
Just all right for an ole-fashloned
place like London; and when I've
talked myself dry, this Yankee he says
'Thank you, driver— : and good mornin'
to you. And if you ever come to New
York City and call on Silas G. Bland
I'll show you some of bur little lions,'
he nays!
"And he gets down — after stoppin'
the bloomin' bus again — and he' never
offers me a cent! But I gets my own
In afore he goes. I says, 'Thank you,
sir, I'm havin' a two-quid trip to your
city In the autumn!'
" 'Well,' says he, 'call on me and
I'll tot you round!' •
The last few days have seen the ar
rival in London of a great crowd of
beauty, fashion and wealth. The
American girl is here and she is teach
ing us all a thing or two in manners,
conversation, dress and "hustle."
Our Anglo-American hotels are full
to overflowing; there is an enormous
demand for ice cream, soda and Niag
ara nuts; the polite gentlemen from
Messrs. Cook's are showing the mys
teries of London to the admiring fair;
and the bus driver is in his element.
The London Bus Driver.
He will have in mind the matter of parks and park
ways, of architecture, of the most effective methods to
supply vantage points from which to see wonderful
vistas of -ba3 r , ocean and mountains, and of the. adorn
ment and general improvement of parked areas now
existing. From his labors much in the way of good
suggestion is expected.
From the pinnacles of the highest hills in the city,
the Twin Peaks; from the rocky headlands that rise
on opposing ?ides of the Golden Gate and front the
width of the blue Pacific, on the tops of scores of ele
vated localities, there is so much to be seen and to be
admired that the oldest citizen who is endowed with
artistic perception and sense 'of the picturesque never
tires of looking. With a system of improvements that
is commensurate with the opportunities afforded the
scenic advantages will be greatly enhanced.
Los Angeles has paid a great deal of attention to
the creation of a park system and has thereby provided
for its enjoyment some of the show places. of the United
States. Sacramento is now incubating schemes for the
bcautification of the area that has been known for many
years as the China Slough. Improvement clubs in all
parts of this State are engaged in making the best of
their surroundings, employing their best judgment to
produce good effects.
Development of natural beauties has been longer de
layed in the larger cities north of California, on the
Pacific Coast. Now, however, stimulated in some de
gree by the coming Lewis and Clark Exposition, Port
land, Oregon, is entertaining large ideas lor its' own
¦improvement. A report has been obtained from John
C. Olmstcd of Boston, who laid out the Lewis and
Clark exposition grounds, outlining a system of park
ways, boulevards and parks for the city.
A large forest reservation west of the Willamette
River with a f picturesque parkway running along the
river bank, extending to another large forest rcscrva
. tion on the hills northwest of the Mountain View Park
addition and connecting City Park and Maclay Park;
a river bluff parkway cast of the river and connected by
a bridge with a parkway west of the river at Fulton;
another river bluff parkway east of the river to a bluff
park, west of Columbia University; a great meadow
reservation among the Columbia sloughs; a park on
Mount Tabor to preserve hill scenery cast of the river;
a boulevard^ to Mount Tabor Park; parks on Ross
Island and Swan Island — these are among the largest
features of the scheme as reported.
There is no doubt that Portland will be benefited if
it enter upon large and properly conceived improve
ment on. the plans outlined in the foregoing. The Pa
cific Coast is properly the scenic region of the United
States and its attractive places are numerous. Common
advantage will be derived from having all the principal
places on the routes of travel 'on this coast made as
pleasing as possible'. They will form" a chain to draw
spectators from the remotest parts of the civilized coun
tries of the earth.
THE minds of the people of the Pacific Coast have
¦ ever been awake to the advantages that inhere
in developing the picturesque surroundings with
which they are endowed by nature. In this city, after
some years of discussion' of a preliminary sort, an asso
ciation has . been formed having for its purpose the
improvement and adornment' of San Francisco. A
landscape artist of acknowledged reputation and of wide
experience has been engaged to provide a plan suffi
ciently comprehensive to serve for the future and a
report will be submitted by him for consideration within
a year.
\ BEAUTIFYING . COAST CITIES.
The Board of Health, after a "deal of agitation, inves
tigation and discussion, has legislated pure milk for San
Francisco. It will be interesting to watch now what
relation these new laws will bear to a practical reforma
tion of conditions which have become a serious menace
to the health of the city. A little more watchfulness by
officials, and a little less la'w from municipal bureaus
might work wo'nders.
Special Co.T:*:x>n<lenc*.
\ BERLIN. June 2. — I send here
with th« latest photograph of Lieu
tenant General von Trotha, com
mander of the Sixteenth Infantry Di
vision of the German army, who has
just sailed for German South Africa,
To Fight Hcreros.
portion of that Roman Campagna
which is now rendered almost .unin
habitable by malaria.
In ancient times when ships were
very much smaller than they are to
day, and when the bed of the Tiber
was less filled with silt brought down
from the hills than to-day, the tri
remes and the galleys came up direct
by the river from the sea to Rome and
it was to this that the Eternal City
owed so much of its grandeur and
prosperity. King "Victor Emmanuel
sees no reason why he should not re
store to his capital its former impor
tance by once more converting it into
a seaport, no longer^ however, with the
assistance of Father Tiber, but by
means of a big ship canaL Let. me
add that at the present moment the
cost of sending merchandise from Ci
vita Vecchia, at the mouth of the Ti
ber, to Rome, or from the city to Ci
vita Vecchia. is as great as the coat
of freight between Liverpool and New
York, although in the latter instance
the distance is over S00O miles, whereas
between Rome and the sea there are
a little over forty miles.
"Is that so?" said Barry, extending 1
his arm to shake hands. "I'm pleased
This story concerns John Scott, man
ager of the Union Iron Works, and
Dave Barry," professional pugilist. Bar
ry had obtained : employment at the
works, and one day he and two other
employes hid themselves behind an out
house to indulge in a quiet smoke. Just
as the three were in the' midst of their
enjoyment Scott came upon the scene.
The latter took in the situation at a
glance and frowned perceptibly.
Barry's companions were equal to the
emergency and at once busied them
selves in carrying several pieces of iron
toward the A\aln works. Barry, how
ever, stood his ground, and Scott
frowned all the more.
"Well, young man," said Scott, "why
don't you get to work?" * '•:
"Oh, I will, soon," replied Barry, non
chalantly.
"Do you know who I am, sir? I'm
John Scott."
Introduced.
When he left his home at Treves the
entire officers of the corps and all the
military bands of the (district escorted
him to the station, and as the train
steamed out of the station the thunder
of artillery proclaimed the event to the
country for miles around.
The thins was carried so far, in fact,
that protests were made against such
premature Jubilation. Owing to the
enormous difficulties in front of him It
is feared that Von Trotha's mission
may result in failure. In circum
stances it ia pointed out that demon
strations of triumph in advance are al
together misplaced and will probably
expose Germany to ridicule.
and wilds bf Africa upon the ''mall
fist" lines with which Germans at home
are handled. Millions Of marks' worth
of property have been destroyed by the
Hereros and whole" communities of Ger
man settlers have been massacred. The
"little war" has already cost the Kaiser
over *3,000,C00 and has wiped out the re
sults of twenty years of careful indus
trial and commercial effort. Besides
the military problem, the financial loss
and the economic waste involved in
the war, the rebellion has stirred up a
nasty departmental squabble in Berlin,
with the Foreign Office, the Colonial
Office and the War Department fight
ing each other and indulging in all
kinds of Intrigues.
Meanwhile General von Trotha must
have been a good deal embarrassed by
the attentions that were' lavished upon
him prior to his departure. Since the
news of his appointment was made
public he hap been feted throughout
the country. Banquets have been given
in his honor, and speeches made glori
fying the great deeds which he was
expected to achieve. Addresses of con
gratulation and nd/niration haye been
presented to him by the score, and he
has b<?pn serenaded. ~ ; '-'¦*•'-. :"¦:(
After the fact it i^ easy to see how more effective
means might have been taken to save life after the
fire started. It was in the bow of the boat. The offi
cers ran her to beach, bow on. This made a draft that
sent the blaze quickly her whole ; length, cutting off
all chance of escape from death by fire except death by
water. . When beached she was still ., in water at such
depth and so far from shore that beaching her did no
good. The stream there is' always full of craft of all
kinds. It would seem that v if the officers had backed
her, blowing signals of distress, the fire would not have
been forced astern, and backing in midstream other
boats could have approached and taken off many of
the passengers who perished by running her ahead.
But f there is little time for thinking in ten minutes
in such a panic and such peril, v and the officers did the
best that occurred to them. The lesson should be
heeded wherever boats are liable to be crowded, and
people who use them, a<? well as the officers who com
mand them, and all public authority that may be in
voked, should concert measures that will secure the
maximum of safety.
Within the brief space of ten minutes between 700
and 1000 perished in East . River, at the beginning of
what was intended to be a day of pleasure. In ali of
its aspects the calamity is sad and awful and appeals
to human sympathy far and near, as shown by the con
dolence ofjnunicipal officers in this country and Europe,
and the official sympathy expressed by the President
of France and other rulers, through President Roose
velt. *"-
Probably not one in all the hundreds that swarmed
on the Slocum thought of danger, or planned how to
meet it if it came. Least of all dangers is it probable
that any thought of fire. New York and all the-Atlantic
Coast cities and the towns on the Great Lakes have this
boat excursion habit. There is a charm in being on the
water that lures thousands to enjoy it, and so there are
in tall such cities regular summer excursion boats that
rarely leave the dock with less than the limit of passen
gers allowed bjy law, and this limit is often exceeded
with impunity. These are usually wooden boats, and
even if the hull is metal the upper works are of wood
and very inflammable, because of the use of paint and
varnish.
Official regulations are made ; to secure safety, but
these seem insufficient. The profits of the owners of
the boats depend upon accommodating all that can
crowd aboard, at a cheap rate, and there is such a
universal lack of caution and care for consequences
among excursionists that every boat is a floating possi
bility of disaster. No one can control nor hold in dis
cipline such a crowd as went to its death on the Slocum.
Any slight thing that would cause a panic would be
sure to bring injury and death to many under such con
ditions.
For a brief time excursion going folks who seek
escape from the blistering heat of waterside cities in
the East will remember this awful scene and avoid
crowded boats. But the memory of it will soon pass
away and other boats will be as crowded and with risk
as great. It ought to be easy, in the case of v such
organizations as the Sunday school that was on the
Slocum, to regulate the number going on. board so as
not to crowd the boat and to divide the children into
commands, each instructed to obey a captain. By select
ing cool-headed persons for command, who know all
about getting at life preservers, rafts and boats, the
fatalities might be minimized, even in the face of such
sudden and unexpected peril as struck the ill-fated
pleasure boat and turned her into a floating and fiery
charnel house. It may be well to invoke some form ,of
public authority charged with the enforcement of all
possible precautions. When Sunday schools and other
organizations with a definite number charter a boat,
such public authority would take charge and all the
passengers could be instructed to obey its commands.
The whole subject will no doubt be fully discussed,
and as in the case of precautions in theaters some
measures will issue from it that will enhance the safety
of such crowds on such craft.
THE Chicago theater fire was the cause oMmme
diate official attention to fireproofing of theaters
and places of public assemblage, and to the con
dition of exits therefrom.' The hundreds who died in
that catastrophe were not sacrificed altogether in. vain;
Small as may be the consolation to the thousands who
mourn them, their fate saved thousands of others "by
the stern regulations which it caused to be made all
over the world, whereby a similar horror is made less
possible. j
The opening of ;the heated term and of the con
current excursion seasqn in New York is the occasion
of the greatest disaster on the .water that has ever oc
curred in this country. The children of a largeparish. on
a Sunday school outing, crowding a regular '"'excursion
"boat, have been cruelly sacrificed to a false feeling of
confidence in the safety of the boat. No doubt her hull
and machinery were in order and the official inspectors
had done their duty. But no matter how fit she was
for the waters on which she sailed there is never safety
on such .a boat, crowded to her limit with women and
children, whose only thought is the pleasures of the
DISASTERS ON THE WATER.
It seems no longer safe for Russia to depend upon
her supposed superiority in numbers and equipment.
Japan has a military force of one million men. Russia
claims ten millions. But she is far from her base, while
Japan is in ready contact with hers. The Japanese have
won the respect of the whole military world, and the
non-military as well. Japan has generals who are as
keen experts in the art ; of war as Alexander, Caesar,
Marlborough and Napotebn in their day, and as skill
ful as Grant and Von Moltke. Then they have observed
strictly all the conventions of warfare, according to the
most modern ideas. They have been gallant to prisoners
of war, have given every care to the wounded enemy
and have buried their dead foemen with all the honors
of war. The Western nations can well afford to fellow
ship these island warriors and patriots. They are no
discredit to the civilized family of the world in which
they have incorporated themselves in the short space
of a half century.
advancing until -defeat was turned into victory. If the
Japanescforce in reserve be in reach to cut off Stakel
bcrg's movement to rejoin the main forces of Kuropat
kin, he will be caught without artillery and .will probably
be. annihilated. . His force was moving under orders to
raise the siege of Port Arthur. It is believed that this
was contrary to the judgment of Kuropatkin and the
Viceroy, but in St.- Petersburg officialdom.. the .cry has
been "On to Port Arthur," and the judgment of the
field commanders was overcome. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO, GALL,- SATURDAY; JUNE 18, 1901
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor .......... Address All Commttnications to JOHN McNAUGHT/ Manager
Publication Office... >~. v.. ........ ...... Third and Market Streets, S. F.
SATURDAY .....' V. ; JUNE 18, 1904
8
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESST. PAUL, Minn., June 17.— Accord- j
ing to advices received here frony
Butte, the men who held up ; the North j
Coast limited last night near Bear {
Mouth secured $65,000 from the North- j
ern Pacific Express Company's safe,
which they dynamited. The safe was
billed through from the coast to Chi
cago.- -.;. ;; ; ..,..;}', . -
Secure $65,000 From Safe of Northern
Pacific Express Company.
ROBBERS MAKE BIG IIAUL.
the actual work, they had confederates
in the woods down the track.
After the safe had been blown up and
the booty secured the two robbers
rushed the engineer and fireman down
the track away from the engine, Anna
weldt followed unnoticed. When the
robbers had gone 150 yards they
stopped and yelled, "It's us, with the
fireman and engineer — don't shoot."
Voices from the woods yelled, "All
right; come on." Then Annaweldt heard
the tramp of hoofs, as if a party of
men were mounting horses.
It is the belief that the robbery is the
work of the famous "Dutch Henry"
gang, which is the remnant of the band
of desperadoes once headed by "Kid"
Curry. . »&S&
bcrs Had A&sisuuits.
PUTTE, Mont., June 17.— A Butte
oan named Aimaweldt. v.ho was a pas
senger en the North Coa*t limited that
vas held ui> near Bear Mouth last
night, declares that while two men did
Passenger on Train Scys Two Rob-
CONFEDERATES IX WOODS.
PHILADELPHIA, June 17.— A num
ber of persons who. had been summon
ed to appear at a hearing to-day be
fore Henry Tatnall, receiver of the
Asphalt Company of America, failed
to appear. The act under which the
hearing waa called was passed by tho
New Jersey Legislature, a,nd under it
the witnesses who failed to appear to
day may be committed to prison.
Witness in Asphalt Cnse, Despite Con
tempt Law, Fails to Make nn
Appcarancp.-
SUMMONSES Or RECEIVER
TATNALL ARE DISOBEYED
Hawaiian Postmaster Is Removed.
HONOLULU, Jdne 17.— Levi P. Kau
hoo, postmaster at Kapaa, 3-Cauai, has
been removed from office by Inspector
Hare. The shortage in the office is al
leged to be $1800.
BUTTE, June fl7; — John Hagin,
who was arrested here to-day for
vagrancy, during the boom days of
Lcadville, Colo., was one of the
wealthiest men of that camp. Accord
ing to Police Judge William Boyle,
who sentenced Hagin to a term in the
county jail, the prisoner at one time
could draw a check for any amount,
and always had about fifteen, miners
prospecting the hills foy him. He is
the worst kind of a street vagrant now.
Once ' Prosperous 31iner, Rnlned by
Drink, Sent to l*rlson by Buttc
Police Judge.
FORMER XILLIONAIRE
JAILED AS A VAGRANT
NEW YORK, June 17.— Important
developments, are expected In the
steamship rate war within a few days,
and in some quarters predictions are
ventured that the first and second
cabin rates from New York to English
territory will be reduced. \
Expect Cabin Rates to Fall.
A little gasoline schooner has success
fully made the trip from New Orleans to
Chicago, by. way of New York, and is to
return to Isfew Orleans via the drainage
canal and MIsslppi River. Great things
may be done at home" by using a gas
range from S. F. Gas and Electric Co.,
415 P03t street. . . •
Naval Station May Be Removed.
HONOLULU. June 17.— Rear Ad
miral Terry has received a letter from
Secretary of the Navy Moody stating
that work is under way in the prepara
tion of the establishment of a naval
base station of. \ considerable propor
tions at Pearl Harbor. It Is believed
that the station at Honolulu will
eventually be removed to Pearl Har
bor. • • .
PHOENIX, Ariz., June 17.— Zach
Booth was sentenced to -death at Globe
to-day for the murder of Wiley Berry
and a Mexican boy named Vigil near
Payson, Ariz., December 22, 1903.
Booth Given Death Sentence.
NEW YORK. June 17.— The applica
tion of counsel' for Mrs. Nan Patter
son, who Is charged •with the murder
of "Caesar" Young, the bookmaker,
to Inspect the minutes of the Grand
Jury in connection with the indict
ment of Mrs. Patterson, was denied to
day by Judge Newburger In the Court
of General Sessions. In denying the
application Judge Newburger set next
Tuesday as the day for pleading. Mrs.
Patterson was not in court to-day, re
maining in her cell In the Tombs.
Court Refuses to Allow Alleged Slaycri
of "Caesar"' Young to Inspect
Grand Jury's Record. .— .
LEAVE TO VIEW MINUTES
DENIED "NAX" PATTERSON*
Considering the favorable official and
private crop reports, wheat has ruled
remarkably firm, the high price having
a natural effect on foreign demand. In
fact it was reported that exporters
were selling wheat at Duluth.
Stocks will be low when the new crop
is harvested and domestic consumption
has absorbed offerings despite compar
ative quiet of late at Northwestern
mills. Wheat exports from all ports of
the United States, flour included,
amounted to 1.371.304 bushels, compared
with 2.S09.002 bushels a year ago.
Liabilities of commercial failures
thus far reported for June aggregated
$4,151,108, of which $1,SM,7C2 were in
manufacturing, $1, 879,394 in trading and
J416.S52 In other commercial lines.
Failures this week number 257 in the
United States, against 213 last year,
and 16 in Canada, compared with 24 a
year ago.
Industry suffers from an epidemic of
ultra conservatism emanating appar
ently from the theory that a season of
expression must come every ten years,
while the coincidence of a Presidential
election furnishes another precedent.
As a result, stocks of merchandise have
been reduced, railway traffic is less
ened, preparations for future business
are curtailed and less money is dis
tributed in the form of wages, while
those having capital to invest confine
their attention to the highest classes
of bonds or hold back for still lower se
curities prices. All these factors have
combined to produce a reaction entirefy
out of proportion to the natural read
justment that was really started by
abnormally high prices of raw mate
rials and other excessive costs of pro
duction, resulting in accumulation of
goods that could not be sold at a prof
it. Retrenchment has made consider
able progress, wage earners as a rule
recognizing the importance of accept
ing reductions in pay. The lake strike
has been adjusted, leaving little friction
between employer and employe.
As the season advances the crop out
look improves and there is no funda
mental weakness in the nation's com
mercial or financial position. Evi
dences of contraction In business are
numerous, however, railway earnings
thus far available for May showing a
loss of 7.1 per cent, as compared with
1903.
NEW YORK, June 17.— R. G. Dun &
Co.'s Weekly Review of Trade to
morrow will say:
BUSINESS IS QUIET.
Edith Mason, who will sing the part
of Maid Marian, needs no introduction
to music lovers. Kate Condon will
appear fop the first time in San Fran
cisco as JAlan-a-Dale. She Is one of
the foremost American contraltos.
Barron Berthald will reappear in the
role of the Earl of Huntingdon, which
he played with the Bostonians. An
unctuous comedian, Willard Simms,
will make his debut in the role of the
Sheriff of Nottingham. John Duns
mure, the basso, will sing the part of
Will Scarlett, and Arthur Cunningham
the part of- Little John. Dora de Fll
llppe will sing Annabel, Bessie Tanne
hill will appear as Dame Durden, Ted
dy Webb as Guy of Gisborne, and
William Schuster as Friar Tuck.
The scenery, costumes and environ
ment of the piece will add many
beautiful effects brought about by the
personal direction of Paul Steindorff
and Ferris Hartman.
One of the moat important events
in the light opera history of the Tivoli
Opera-house will be the production of
"Robin Hood" to-morrow evening.
"Robin Hood" is so well "known that
to speak of it in de'tail is superfluous,
but the fact that the presentation
serves to introduce a number of new
artists cannot fail to add interest to
the event.
TOPEKA, Kan*., June 17.— In the
District Court to-day Judge Hazen
dissolved the temporary injunction
against the Santa Fe striking machln
istB, secured by the railroad company
on May 9. The court held that there
was no cause for a further continuance
of the injunction, as the strikers ap
peared ordei'ly and with no evil inten
tions against the company's property.
Machinists No Longer Enjoined.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., June 17.—
Under Sheriff L. F. Parsons is author
ity for the statement that there is con
fined in the County Jail one of the per
petrators of the Independence depot
•wholesale murder, if not the actual
criminal who pulled the wire that ex
ploded the dynamite. The under .sheriff
refuses to disclose the name of the
guilty person, fearing that if it became
public it would^ precipitate a lynching
or attempted lynching, in which a num
ber of citizens might be killed in trying
to storm the jail and get the prisoner.
Parsons said:
"We have evidence in our possession
showing that six men are directly or
indirectly implicated in the killing.
Five of these men managed to get out
of the district, but we know where
practically all of them are, and they
will be under arrest before long." .
One of Perpetrators of Independence
Murder Said to Be in Custody.
SAYS JAIL HOLDS PIEXD.
Robin Hood to Be Rendered
by Favorite Players
Next Sunday.
TALENTED VOCALISTS WHO WILL
BE SEEN AND HEARD IN
"ROBIN HOOD."
LOS GATOS, June 17. — The one hun
dred and twenty-ninth anniversary of
the battle of Bunker Hill was fittingly
commemorated at Los Gatos to-day
by the Bunker Hill Association and
other. patriotic societies of San Fran
cisco, acting in conjunction with the
local Grand Army post and Board of
Trade. ' ¦
The San Francisco contingent ar
rived by a broadgauge train at 11
o'clock and were met at the depot by
the Grand Army* post and a delega
tion of citizens and escorted to Bunker
Hill Park, where the literary pro
gramme was held.
-The Tenth Infantry band, which ac
companied the excursionists, opened
the exercises with a patriotic overture.
After a prayer by Rev. Ernest Bradley
of St. Stephen's Church, the president
of the day, Colonel A- D. Cutler, pres
ident of the Sons of the American Rev
olution, made a few opening remarks
and introduced Alfred Wllkie, who
sang the "Sword of Bunker Hill."
Edward H. Hart delivered a stirring
oration on patriotism, in which he con
trasted the Eastern States, with their
historic landmarks, with the newer
civilization of our own State, and
closed with a glowing tribute to the
patriotism of California.
The Oakland Masonic Quartet, con
sisting: of Messrs. D. M. Lawrence, H.
W. Patrick, Alfred Wllkie and Wllhelm
Nielsen, sang "My Own United States."
An original poem entitled "A Flag of
Truce" was recited by Professor E.
Knowlton, followed by a soprano solo,
"The Star-spangled Banner." by Mrs.
Greenleaf Kruger. The Masonic Quar
tet rendered "The Shot Heard Round
the World." The audience was request
ed to rise and sing "America," and
was dismissed with a benediction pro
nounced by the chaplain of the day.
In the afternoon music for dancing
was furnished by the band, and races
and athletic games were held.
This year's celebration was the big
gest that has been held in Los Gatoa
by the Bunker Hill Association, it be
ing estimated that, including those
from the surrounding country, there
were from 7000 to '8000 people In town.
Almost every business house was dec
orated in the national colors A com
mittee from the Los Gatos Board of
Trade having the street decorations in
charge arranged a tasteful display on
Main street and at" the picnic grounds.
The park where the picnic was held
is known as Bunker Hill Park, Jt hav
ing been dedicated as such by the as
sociation on the occasion of its first
visit to Los Gatos seven years- ago.
It is situated convenient to the cen
ter of town and is furnished with
tables and benches and a large dancing
platform, making an ideal spot for a
celebration of this kind.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Crop advices to Bradstreet's tell of
improvements. This is most notice
able in winter wheat, harvesting of
which has become general in the
Southwest and in California. Spring
wheat 'is *also making progress along
satisfactory lines. An average crop of
wheat ha* been raised in Texas, but
the yield in California will be below
the average owing to damage by dry
winds. The stand of corn is good, but
the weather Is too cool for the best
growth. The California grape and
raisin crop will be very large and
southern peaches promise a heavy
yield.
The leading industries generally dis
play quietness, iron and steel are dull
ard production is being curtailed but
price weakness is less manifest. The
lumber trade is'rather irregular, being
very much depressed on the Pacific
Coast, fairly active In the Northwest,
but rather dull in the East. Low prices
for yellow pine are inducing a change
In demand to those sorts from white
pine.
NEW YORK, June 17.— Bradstreefa
Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
Favorable features this week are the
further improvement shown In leading
crops and the ending of the tie-up on
the great lakes. Wheat, cats and cot
ton have improved, but corn is still
backward owing to the cool weather.
General trade and industry have re
mained quiet and may be said to have
"marked time." The mrtable underly
ing feature of the entire situation is
the feeling that with an average yield
of wheat and large crops of the other
cereals and of cotton now in prospect
a good fail and winter business is to
be looked for. Pending further progress
in this direction the tendency is to
await events. Prices of leading pro
ducts have felt the Influence of crop
news. Wheat, oats and cotton declined,
while corn had remained steady on re
ports of backward conditions and
small supplies offering. Railway earn
ings reflect current quietness in busi
ness and the decreases of 3-5 per cent
of gross in May and of 6 per cent In
April net. indicated last week, are con
firmed by fuller details. Transporta
tion business generally is better than
in 1902. Bank clearings, more imme
diate reflection of current business,
show an enlargement over last week,
but the grand totals still show reces
sions from a year ago. The cross cur
rent of ebb and flow, noted at dif
ferent cities, however, may possibly be
significant of a change in the tide. Col
lections still reflect the influence of a
backward spring In retail trade and
are complained of as slow at a num
ber of centers. Money continues easy
and the stock market activity is large
ly professional.
DENVER, Colo., June 17.— Governor
Peabody and Adjutant General Bell
Were to-day served with the writ of
habeas corpus issued by Judge. Thayer
at St. Louis for the production of
President Charles H. Mover of . the
Western Federation of Miners, In the
United States Circuit Court on July 5.
There is a stipulation in the writ which
j waives the actual appearance of Moyer
• If it he found lnconvatiient to produce
him.
Governor Peabody this afternoon re
ceived notice that on June 22 applica
! tlon will be made to United States
| Circuit Judge Amos Thayer In St.
' Louis for an injunction to restrain the
- Governor, the military and all other
persons from interfering with the oper
; atlon of the 'Portland mine. Those cited
: to appear before the court are Governor
i James H. Peabody, Adjutant General
i Sherman M. Bell, Sheriff Edward Bell
! of Teller County and the following of
ficers and members of the Cripple
: Creek District Mine Owners' Associa
: tlon: C. C. Hamlin, Judge Colburn,
Charles Walden, F. J. Campbell, A. E.
! Carlton, L. E. Hill and A. T. Hol
: man.
! The petition for the injunction was
! presented to the Federal Court by
i James F. Burns, owner of the Port
land mine.
According to the complaint, the num
' her of persons employed in the mine
j was more than 500 and these were
; taken into custody by the authorities
' and certain ones of them picked out
and placed in the bullpen to be de
! ported to the States of Kansas and
i New Mexico.
I The charge is also made that the
Governor gave tacit consent to this
j measure when he did not countermand
: any of the orders Issued and carried
! Into effect by General Bell and out
; side the authority of the Governor to
' carry into effect.
! The jurisdiction of the United States
' court is asked on the ground that the
' plaintiff has been deprived of the en
joyment of his property without due
process of law and in violation of the
fourth,"\fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth and
fourteenth amendments to the consti
tution of the United States.
James F. Burns, president of the
Portland company, refuses to discuss
his plans for publication, but it is re
ported he has declared to friends his
purpose to defray all^expenses of suits
that may be begun in the Federal
courts against Governor Peabody and
others by Portland miners who were
deported frjjm Cripple Creek. \
Prospects for a Good Fall
and Winter Business Are
Considered to Be Bright
On* hundred _ and eighty sticks of
dynamite, tied in bundles of ten to. a
bunch and all fused, were found at
the scene of the hoid-up. The 3i)okes
nsn of the hold-ups answers closely
the description of the hold-uj» two
years aco and his methods used were
Identically the same.
The railway company has offered a
reward o* $2000 dead or aliv? for each
of the robbers and the State h.is added
$500 to this.
i:ig a wide detour in passing Bear
Mouth. At this point hoofprints of
two horses were found which lead
roathefty into the Rock Creek coun
try. Tho clegs were sent back and the
officers in various communities which
f.cnk the distance were notified. These
officer* immediately organized addi
tional posses and it is believed that
rix or ei^ht different Lodi«»s of men
are closing in from various directions.
From the descriptions gained the of
ficers believe they recosniz^ the ban
dits.
AVhen the special train from Deer
Lodge, with Sheriff Barnde's posse3
«nd four bloodhounds, arrived at the
rcene of the hold-up, the dogs imme-
look the ster.t and followed it
\V.r<?r miies v/est of Bear Mouth, mak-
Deputies Watson and Murray are
on their way from Missoula. up the
Hell Gate Canyon, to he5<I off escape
in that direction, while two other of
ficers. Tabor and Sounders, were let
«.rr the train at McCarthy's bridge to
head ofT escape there. It is loirned
thai the road people were, expecting
the hoM-up for th» past two days, but
looked for it on the Phillipsburg
branch. From the description had of
these men it is believed they are cf
the Fame cromd v.ho did last night's
boM-up.
Tho rear brakeman, the moment
that he realized what had happened,
Flipped off the rear of the train and ran
back to B*ar Mouth, where communi
cation was had with the superintend
ent's and Sheriff's oftices in Missoula.
A posse was immediately summoned,
and at 12:4i» o'clock an engine, a car of
horses " and Superintendent Palmer's
private car vi - ere on the way to the
sceiip, arriving at 2 o'clock. The popse
ootisisted o£ Sheriff Thompson, Under
Bherlff Sterling. Ceorge Sa::nders. E<1
Larson. Chick White, James McCaffer
ty, James Tabor. William Carter and
others. Eloodhour.ds at D^er Lodr,c
prison vere wired for and were sent
to the scene. It is believed there are
four of the hold-ups all told. Four
men have be^n in Bear Mouth for tho
past tv.-o or three days. and. it is Faii\
have bo"n laying in a large supply of
grocer ios. esj>ecialljr canned. The the
ory Is that they have a rendezvous not
far from the scene of the hoid-up.
OFFICERS IX PURSUIT.
Onr~e admission was gained, the hold
ups directed their attention to the
Btrong box. Fi\e sticks of dynamite
veie placed on top of the safe and ig
rited. The charge was insutticlent, and
another and larger cap was used. The
second charge exploded with terrific
force, bloxvin? out the side of the car
and throwing the safe a distance of
forty feet. .After rifling the safe of
its contents the robbers commanded
the train crew to remain quiet and no
harm would be done them. Whilt*
jrivln? this command one of tho
robbers accidentally struck the en
gineer with his revolver, and in apolo
gizing for it called him by name, in
<liciit!n£ a possibility that he may be
a railroad man.
BEAU MOUTH, Mont., June 17.— The
hold-up of the North Coast limited
Northern Pacific passenger train last
nUfht T.as similar to the one which oc
curred two years ago in* nearly the
came ppot and In which Engineer
O'Neill lo-sl his life. The hold-ups
boarded the terder of the engine at
the water tank at Bear Mouth, and.
tfter having remained quiet until the
train had gone a mile and a half, they
crawled up over the coal and covered
Engineer Wade and Fireman Reed
with thtir joins, and told thorn to throw
up their hands. Engineer Wade was
then commanded to bring his train to
a standstill, and he complied. The en
gine >r and fireman were ordered from
iheir engine, and, with the hold-ups,
vent back to th<» express car. The er
l>rtss messenger was commanded to
open the door, but refused. The en
gineer was next commanded to light
a stick of dynamite, of which explosive
ihey had a. large quantity, and place
the lighted stick against the door. The
Xorce of the explosion completely
wrecked the door. The engineer and
fireman -were compelled to precede the
ho!d-i:ps ir.to the car.
TWO CHARGES USED.
Posses, With Bloodhounds,
Start From Scene of Crime
in Quest of the Fugitives
Literary Programme Is Fol
lowed by Amusements in
Variety, Including Games
Governor's Alleged Interfer
ence With Portland Mine
Causes Appeal to Courts
STIRRING ADDRESSES
INJUNCTION DEMANDED
Habeas Corpus Proceedings
Begun Against Peabody
to Secure Leader's Keleasc
3I0XEY CONTINUES EASY
Wheat, Oats and Cotton Im
prove, but Cool Weather
Keeps Back Growing Corn
THIEVES STILL ATLAKGE
• Bandits Effect Hold-Up at
Spot Where Two Years Ago
Engineer O'Xeill Lost Life
Buntier Hill Day Is Fitting
ly Commemorated in the
Pretty Town of Los Gatos
CROP REPORTS
ARE FAVORABLE
ROBBERS BOARD
TRAIN AT TANK
THOUSANDS PAY
THEIR TRIBUTE
WRIT IS SUED
OCT FOR MOYER
THE SAN: FRANCISCO ' CALL,' SATURDAY, JUNE 18, 1904.
LIGHT OPERA
SOON TO BEGIN
AT THE TIVOLI
9
GBAFE-2TUT3.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' _ AJJVElTIST'.MENTa.
I ¦ Velvet, Rug Moorish Tafiourette 1
I 27x54^ Oriental, Persian or i^{£ 22i fiffiLt 1
H Floral design. Fringed both tiful grain. Just th= thing to I
fl ends. Thoroughly artistic To- furnish an odd cormr. To- B
I ni!*t o^. •••¦•••$ 1.05 °^!|£a$j^25 I
AJCDSEMENTa
Opening of the gn. n Q
NLW SEA30N |j U| B ***
JUNE I9th iuwMBli
By th« first pro- C H
duction anywhere n ffifa 0*& £?•
PO?CTLAB PMCS3 S 8 j || 1 1
,Of the American HI H 9 H U
Comic O p e ra Eg HJJ QJj
Masterpiece
With the following SUPERB CAST:
Allan. a-Dale KATE CONDON
WUI ScaT^t ......... JOHN DfNSMURE
Guy of CtaboVn. TEDDY WEBB
MaJd Marian EDITH MASON
D.me Durden. . . . • -BESSIE TANNEHII^
Annabel DORA DE FILLIPPB
Seats Mow Selling _
Usual TTvol Prices ORp ROp 75fi
Only Mat nee Sat. *0MUbj IUb
IDEAL VAUDEVILLE!
Ajron«t, Weston and Company; Edrtie
Hero* and Company; Bomanl Trio;
"Mike," Fostcr'i Doff, and Orpneum
notion Pictures. Irfurt times of Truly
Shattnck; Avon Comedy Pour; Ii«an
Etusell f.ad
Marcel's Living Art Studies
Rejrular Matinee Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c, 25e
and 60c.
COMMENCING TO-MORROW, SUNDAY
AFTERNOON.
HELEN BbRTRAM
PRIMA DONNA SOPRANO,
Late of the Bostonians.
CALIFORNIA
S$S LAST TIME TO-NIC-HT. "^fc
*^' MATINEE TO-DAY.
William Gillette 1 e Masterpiece — Great- I
est War Drama Ever Written. {;
t Secret Servicel I
: Presented by the Favorites. |
Tha diver MoresQo Company I
TO-MOHROW— A PRINCE OF LIARS, fc
* Funniest Fare* of All. j*j
B Farewell Week of the Morosco Co. D
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 SHARP.
To-Nlsht and ALL NEXT WEEK.
NIGHTLY. EXCEPTING SUNDAY AT 8.
MANAGEMENT DANIEL FROHMAN.
IN" THE MIRACLE PLAY.
THE PROUD PRINCE.
By the Author of "IF I WERE KING."
Notice to Oakland Taeater-Ooers:
SIR. SOTHE33I will not visit Oakland
duxine nia preient tour.
To-DAY— the last Saturday Matinee of
XJ. S,
A burlesque so funny that we are crowding the
. house therefor. ¦
Remember this Is the last week.
N Ne*t Monday, a real novelty,
"THB 1 AlORmONS"
A hll«riously funny burlesque filled to the last
r.-lth gregt things, and theso are the people:
Edna Ai!(t, Freda Galltck (specially engaged).
Yorke and Adams, A I FUlds. Edwin Clark.
Ben Dillon. Roy Alton, the Garrity Sisters.
And "CH" such a chorus, of forty.
See Lionel Lawrence's "EIGHT RADIUM
GIRLS."
Matinee* Saturday and Sunday.' ;-.,¦ .
Same Poular Prices.
BRANDOW AND~WILEY,
THE GREAT ALFONS
Aad a Splendid Show Every Afternoon
- and Evening la the Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
anxxATUBS sziSCtbxc batlboad.
Esmeralda and Her BABY MONKEY In the
. ZOO.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT. !
Hear the PNEUMATIC SYMPHONY OR-
CHESTRA.
Admission. l»c; Children. Be.
WML Call
16 Pages. $1 per Year
INGLESIDE
COURSINOARK.
64-Dog Open Stake
32-DOG CONSOLATION STAKE
— a>tc> —
16-PUPPY STAKE
SATURDAY and SUNDAY
. June 18 and 19.
Coursing will begin at 11 o'clock (harp and
continue until the last winning Sag toes op.
TOTAL PRIZES : ) : : $2000
All Mission-street cars transfer to Guerrero
cars, which go direct ,to the park.
THOMAS TIERNEY, Judge.
EDWARD SHORTSTAG. Slipper.
MATINEE TO-SA7 AT 3.
SPECIAL MATINEE NEXT WEDNESDAT.
TO-NIGHT, at S Sharp.
DAVID BBLASCO
PRESENTS MRS.
In His New Play.
PRICES— *2, $1.30. tV '5c and BOo.
'Seals for Second Week Now on Sals j
ALCAZAR ""T
_____ General Manager.
T0-NI6HT AND TO-MORROW NIGHT. .
I.AST MATINEE -TO-DAY.
Smile, Laugh, Scream and HjwL
GHARLEY'S flUNT
THE XtAUaKXBG *¦ KIT
•'Everybody lanshed all the time." — Call. '
Evpr . Sic to T5c. .Mats. Thurs. & 8at..23o to 50a
Next Monday— The Clyde Fltdt Comedy.
I0VEBS' LANE
Last Week of the Stock Company Season.
JUNE 27— WHITE WHITTLESET.
Market Street. Near Eighth. Phone South" 533.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
Mammoth Revival of
1 THE OCTOROON \
too— PEOPLE IN THE CAST— ICO.
Negro Chorus of Forty Voices.
Songs. Quartets. Buck and Wing Dancing.
Special Engagement of '.he Distinguished
Comedian. L. R. STOCKWELL.
npirrc MATINEES *.10c. 15c. 23c
rnlvC3 EVENINGS 10c to 50c
Next— "LIGHTS O* LONDON."
FROM TOP TO TOE-
When It comes to the care of washable
garment."" worn under coat or trousers—.
we take care of the laundering. If you
have not proved — which means approved
after the first trts.1 — oar way of washing,
starching, ironing, delivering and . col-
lecting your linen, underwear, etc., we
welcome any test' to which you may sub-
ject us. Fair enough proposition, isn't it?
UNITED STATES LAUND2Y,
1004 KABIET STSSET. .
Telephone South 420.
PalarA Idontta.l TO
raiatW Bee beautiful
j COURT Lounging
53I1/| room, the EMPIRE
ailU P a R L.O R, the
- r 1 PALM ROOM, the
linina louis xvpab.
uiasiu LOR faid the LA _
wj . I DIES' WRITING
Hotels room v
H PREVENT ALL 8URIR1ER BOWEL TROUBLES ||
|g3 U,ndip:csted food in the human" body will ferment a hundred times as l||
Ega quickly in summer as in winter. Consequence— stomach, liver, bowels |!||
HI . poisoned, thrown out of order; sour stomach, gases, colic, diarrhoea, j«
|$jj dysentery, cholera, appendicitis, and In some regions yellow fever and I a
ESS the plague. Little children suffer terribly everywhere. The proper I S3
Fa thing is to send all impure and unnecessary matter out of the body M|
PH everyday — not give it a chance to sour in the stomach and bowels. |g9
§H You will stop hot, feverish conditions and keep your insides cool and |«
||B healthy. To do it, use a medicine that is pleasant to the taste and not H9
Era harsh and violent in its action. The only safe system-cleaner to take | M
%M in summer, because it will not cause diarrhoea or griping, is Cascarets. f B
HJ] All druggists. 10c, 25c, 50c. Never sold in bulk. The genuine tablet fgk
Wk stamped C.C.C. Guaranteed to cure or your money back. Sample and KB
»& booklet free. Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New York. 635 Jlw
FOOD CURES!
! Certainly!
Ask any physician
I about
Grape-Nuts
Gm the little book. "The Road to
•WellvlHe." to e«J» pkK.WILKES INJURES FOOT
Both Teams Entertain Great
Hopes of Victory in Sec
ond Engagement of Season
Dolphin, Ariel, South End
and Alameda Bargemen
Prepare for Rowing Races
Governing: Body Holds Its
[ Annual Meeting, Trans
acting Much Business
BOATING CLUBS
PICK CREWS FOR
ANNUAL REGATTA
ALAMEDA ELEVEN
TO MEET PACIFIC
CRICKETING MEN
COURSERS RETAIN
FORMER BOARD
OF OFFICIALS
Another week has passed and still
the first four clubs are bunched in the
Tacoma Manages to Maintain
the Fast Pace and Should
Prove Big Factor in Race
OAKLAND IS SLUMPING
F. J. Cooper Is at the Country Club.
Verdi. A party made up of J. B. Ken
niff. A. Hirsch, C. R. Kenniff and W.
Barnes will leave for the Country Club
within the next two weeks, when it is
expected the fishing will be good. W.
The movement of the anglers toward
their favorite streams has commenced
in earnest and reports indicate that
good sport can be had in whatever di
rection the sportsmen . may turn.
Los Angeles Has Started in
to Hit the Ball and May
Forge Into the' Lead Soon
Good Sport Being Enjoyed
on the Large Streams
and Prospects Are Good
HEADLINE TEAMS
AGAIN FIGHTING
FOR SUPREMACY
ANGLERS. MOVING
TOWARD THEIR
FAVORED HAUNTS
The most absorbing topic of discus-
Fion among San Francisco yachtsmen
is the coming race between the Chal
lenger and the Corinthian for the Per
petual Challenge Cup. This race will
take place on July 9. The race will be
under the management of the joint re
patta committees of the two clubs, the
Pan Francisco representatives being
fx-Comraodore R. S. Bridgman, Roy C.
"Ward and C. M. Gunn, and the Corin
thian representatives being T. J. Kav"
anaugh. Douglas Erskine and J. K.
Bulser.
The Challenger and Corinthian are
Dr. T. L. Hill and Vice Commodore
•Jenness have parted with the sloop
Nellie, which Is now owned at San Pe
dro by a member of the South Coast
Yacht Club.
This evening the fleet of the Corin
thian Yacht Club will drop anchor In
Paradise Cove. To-morrow the Family
<"lub will be the guests of the Corin
thians at a bullshead breakfast, which
will be followed by a baseball match
between teams representing the two
<Iubs. The members of the Family
Club will be transported to Paradise
on a special tug and the Corinthians
are requested to be on hand with small
boats to take them ashore. The Tibu
ron amateurs are also asked to root
for their club and give the visitors a.
good send-off.
Ex-Commodore R. S. Bridgman of
the San Francisco Yacht Club has sold
the sloop Thetis.
The eleventh annual class flag regmt
nta and race for the Owners* cup of the '
California Yacht Club takes place to
morrow on a flood tide. It being low
water at 8:42 a. m. and high water at
4:47 p. m. at Fort Point. The prepara
'tory gun will be fired at 11:30 a. m., the
ipt&rting gun f or class C at 11:40 a, m.,
'for class B at 11:60 a. m. and for class
• A at 12 o'clock noon. The start will be
ia flying or one- gun start. The yachts
I Shamrock III. Surf, Bachelor, Vega
'and Polly wog make up class C; the
yawls Idler and Pilgrim, the schooner
Frances and the sloops Occident, Pac
jtolus. Hazel S, Catherine. Spray. Elthe
• and Secret comprise class B. and in
'class 'A are the schooner Challenge, the
| yawls Iola and Gypsie and the sloops
' Hover, Jessie E' and Pollywog. Meas
; urements and time allowances will be
' computed according to the rules of the
'Pacific Intcrclub Vecht Association.
At the Fame time and over the same
course of ll?i nautical miles the race
; for the Owners' cup will be held. This
' is a handicap event, the trophy being
awarded to the yacht making the best
, time after her time allowance, allotted
! by the regatta committee on her pre
' vious performances, has been reck
< mod. The yawl Iola is the scratch
¦ ltoat and the other yachts of the fleet
; receive handicaps varying from ten
minutes to one hour and ten minutes.
¦ In order to encourage as many yacht
owners as possible to enter the race
the regatta committee, in view of the
fact that several of the yachts are not
provided with light sails, has ruled that
v orking sails only be used.
There will be a reception and dancing
this evening at the clubhouse of the
>'an Francisco Yacht Club. To-mor
row will be an open day on the sched
ule.
Members of Family
Club Will Be Transported
in Tug to Paradise Cove
*C0MXTHIA ENTERTAINS
lAnnual-Race for Class Flags
to Take Place Over Course
of Twelve Nautical Miles
CREEK AMATEURS
PLAN A REGATTA
FOR OWNERS' COP
Habit may be a man's best friend or
hte worst enemy.
lln. N. H. Martin. H. T. Miller. L. R. Marvin.
M. A. ,-Peck. E. H. Price, \V. C. Peck, C. . 8.
Quick, . E.. C. Haul, F. Wollenberg. W. A.
Wllgus. W. C. Corbett, H. H. Hilp, S. Ham
ilton. G. -' H. Irving, E. Turner. C. W. Car
penter. D. B. Catton. II. Hellborn, J. W.
LUIfnthal. M. ' V. Little. W. II. Murphy, C.
8. Myrick. W. W. McCullock and H. McLane.
CANNOT SEE DAUGHTER.— Judge Coffey
yesterday discouraged the efforts of Emily
Preston to see her daughter Hazel, by striking
the mother's application for such permission
from the calendar of his court. Mrs. Preston
Is said to be addicted to the tue of liquor,
and her two children are In the custody of
M. J. White, secretary of the' Society tor the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children.
A whining religion wins none, -n
avowedly racing machines, built solely
for speed. The Challenger, designed
by B. B. Crowninshield of Boston, who
designed the ninety-foot Independence
for T. H. Lawson, is a fin-keel boat 42
feet 6 inches over all, 26 feet on the
•water line, with a beam of 10 feet 4
inches amidships. The hull draws 2
feet 6 Inches and the fin brings, the
draft up to C\' s feet. She has a short
bowsprit of 3 feet 7 inches and carries
about 1000 square feet of canvas. She
was built by John Twigg & Sons and
won the cup by defeating the sloop
Harpoon, sailed by F. R. Cook.
The Corinthian, designed by W. S.
Burgess of Boston, is 56 feet over all,
24 feet on the water line and has 14 feet
6 inches beam. She has a draft of
only 2 feet 7 inches and a centerboard
with a drop of jibout 8 feet. The steal
body was constructed in the East and
the wooden skin covering it was built
by F. Stone & Co. F. Stone will sail
her, the crew being made up of J. C.
P>rickcll, X. McLean. J. Short, F. E.
Fchober and Douglas Erskine.
W. G. Morrow, owner of the Chal-
Icnper, will sail her and has the advan
tage of great familiarity with his boat.
Jt is thought the Challenger will do
l»est in a hard blow, but that the Cor
inthian may elip along faster in light
airs. The race will be unusually In
teresting, as being the first that has
occurred between two regular racing
machines In this bay.
Allen M. Clay has been Invited to act
as referee.
WrGAKT ESTATE. — Judge Cotter yesterday
cppolsted Clara McO. White mm administratrix
rt the estate of Alice. McGary, deceased, with
l/r.cs fixed &t f 165.000.
The Tigers are more than holding
their own, and Mike Fisher is to be
congratulated In keeping his band to
gether, as he has succeeded In doing.
It looked all along as though the Tigers
were playing above their ability and
that they could not maintain such a
fast clip, but this theory has been dis
pelled since they got going and met and
beat the best of them, and decisively at
that. . .
Los Angeles seems to have developed
a faculty for hitting the ball as soon
as it arrived on northern soil. This
was the weak spot in the southern
team while it was playing here and
on the home grounds. The Angels have
really outslugged the mighty sluggers,
the Siwashes, on their own battle
ground, and If they can keep this up
there will be doings.
The Oakland team has not been play
ing its game for the last couple of
weeks. The players have not hit the
ball as hard as they are capable of do
ing, and their work on the bases has
been exceedingly slow at times. The
team has also developed the bad trait
of taking an aerial voyage In one.in
ning and remaining in the lofty height?
just long enough to allow the opposing
team to make enough runs to win the
game.
race for the coast baseball pennant. It
is one leader to-day and another to
morrow. If anything, the struggle for
supremacy has waxed more keen in the
last few days, and it seems another
fortnight will be required to tell which
team can rightly call the first place its
own.
Pete McRae, Ed Schultz, W. C.
Murdock, Jim Maynard and A. Lan
german are still at Webber Lake.
G. II. Taubles and E. M. Hecht have
returned from Sims and report . that
fly. fishing has commenced on the Up
per Sacramento. WM- ¦ >
T.-C. Kierulff will go to Cisco when
the fishing . conditions are reported
good in that picturesque district. : ";
W. F. Bogart is trying his luck on
the, salmon at Santa Cruz to-day.
C. S. Wheeler is at hislcountry place
on the McCloud.
E. A. Mocker is at Capltola and re
ports the s:*Imon fishing good. The
fish are on the small order and run
eight and ten to the boat.
Mr. and Mrs. George Salmon and
Mias Mabel Nace are enjoying the fish
ing" at Boulder Creek.
Dickinson was at Verdi some days
since and took a number of large fish.
He was cleaned out three times by
big fish.
C. W. Johnson has returned from
Castella, on the Upper Sacramento,
and reports the water as normal. Good
baskets are being secured and the fish
ing is improving steadily.
W. W. Richards writes from Big
Meadows that the water is still a trifle
high, but it is going down at the rate
of three inches per day. The fishing
is crood and is improving.
H. A. Greene of Monterey reports
that 2000 pounds of salmon were
taken in three days by professional
boatmen. The fish averaged about
eleven pounds. There are plenty of
sardines and anchovies in the bay.
While they remain the fishing will be
good.
The Ariel Rowing Club will be repre
sented by the Wilson crew in the senior
barge race at Oakland and will also
have a junior four on the water. Frank
Loth is training for the Junior skiff
race an.d there are some candidates for
the senior skiff championship. The
junior barge crew Is made up of G. C.
ijoodman, bow; Henry Williams, No. 2;
Herman Opeldt, No. 3, and J. J. Ade,
stroke, but changes are likely to ~ be
made before the race is rowed. A new
racing outrigged skift is being built by
Rogers for the Ariel Rowing Club and
will be ready a short time before the
championship regatta.
i The regular four-oared barge race at
the Celtic Union's picnic at El Campo
was won by the Ariel crew,"~the South
Ends being second and the Dolphins
third. Another race, in which mixed
crews of Ariel. South End and Dolphin
oarsmen took part, -was rowed and was
Avon by a crew made up of Ed Scully
and Ed Pallas of-the South Ends, Ed
Wilson of the Ariels and W. O. Patch
of the Dolphins. Only two crews. took
part in this event.
The annual excursion and picnic of
the Ariel Rowing Club •-•--» place
at^Ferribrook Park, Niles Canyon, on
the 26th inst.
F. Baker will try for the junior sin
gle shell championship. George Col
lopyAvill try for first place In the sen
ior outrigged skiff race and M. Cash
man for honors In the junior skiff
event. The new house of the South
End Rowing Club, though much work
remains to be done on it, is ready to
use and many members are to be seen
there each Sunday. The South End
Rowing Club hopes to regain some of
the championships held by it in former
years.
The South End Rowing Club will be
represented in the senior barge race by
E. Pallas, M. Cashman, G.' Collopy and
J. E. Scully. The junior barge crew of
the South End Rowing Club consists
of F. Baker, G. Wright. E. Gibson and
B. Marsh. ¦ This crew came in second
to the Wilson crew of the Ariel Row
ing Club in the barge race at El Campo
on Sunday.
take place on Lake Merritt, Oakland,
on Independence day.
Crews of" the Alameda and Dolphin
Boating Clubs and of the Ariel and
South End Rowing Clubs will take part
in the regatta. The original senior
crew of the Alameda Boating Club,
which held the championship of the
coast for several years, has been dis
banded. The crew that will take its
place consists of B. G. Lyons, A. C.
Webb, Gecrge Schroeder andl Ed Han
sen. This crew will probably pull in
the intermediate class also. The jun
ior barge crew of the Alameda Boating
Club consists of SImm3 Gillogoly,
Frank Shay, Frank Hunt and George
Tupper. Carson Donnelly will steer
the Alameda barge crews.
The feature event at Union Coursing
Park to-morrow will be the match be
tween Barge and McVey. The latter
has developed suddenly as a champion
ship possibility. He always had great
speed, but now shows class. In the
drawing for position in the slips it ta
noted that each drew his favorite posi
tion — McVey being on the red and
Barge on the white. McVey led Palo
Alto six lengths last Sunday after the
Geary champion had led Barge a
length.
The last four in the reserve stake are
expected to be Miss Brummel, Ruby
Sankey, Conroy and Orsina. The open
reserve is thought to be between Gam
bit and Red Pepper. The likely win
ners are:
Open reserve— Gambit. Ttagxed Actor.
Friendless Boy, Lord Brazen, The Referee.
Texas Boo Hoc Red Pepper. Haphazard.
Reserve stake— Miss Brummel. OolJen Gar
ter. Duhallow. Texas Mamie Flaunt. Tanvra.
Cubanola, Money Musk. John Heenan Roman
Athlete. Master Rockett. Pagllaecl. Gener»I
Dewet. Ruby Sankey, J E H. Aeolus. Con
roy. RenegaJe Apache. AgKie W. Mickey Free.
Rose of Gold. Galveston Honest John. Intrud
er. Orsina. Trale* Lass. Bright Future. Re
mlsao Anlmo.
ing body of the sport on the Pacific
Coast, was held in this city during the
week. The old board of officers was re
elected unanimously. This Is made up
of Dr. F. P. Clark of Stockton, presi
dent; Dr. W. J. Hosford of Alameda.
vice president, and Peter Tiffany of;
this city, secretary. A lot of routine
business was disposed of.
The committee's annual stake will ba
run next month. A committee consist
ing of Captain P. M. Clarkson. H. A.
Talbot apd Edwin Hood has been ap
pointed to make all arrangements for
the meeting. It will go to the park
which offers the best inducements in
the way of added money.
The committee approved of the rein
statement of Tom Fitzgerald and his
greyhounds.
Dr. F. P. Clark of Stockton Is prepar
ing to send his string down here. HI3
most promising greyhound Is Mr. Zig
nego. by Fetter Free-Sweet Favordale.
Three stakes will be run at Ingleside
Coursing Park to-day and to-morrow,
commencing this morning at 11 o'clock.
Sixteen youngsters are entered In tha
puppy stake. There is also a sixty
four-dog open stake and a consolida
tion event for the dogs beaten in tha
first round. The greyhounds will meet
as follows:
Puppy stake, sixteen entries— Crotx D rt.
Lady Riyer; (Hitter vs. Silent Water: Proper
vs. -Pasha King: Cassis W vs. Ethel P;
Brlsht Columbia vs. Roman: Menlo Queen vs.
Ramona: fright Future vs. Lucy Glitters; Rey
Dare vs. Tountr Kerry Plppfa.
Open dog stake, sixty-four entries, and
thirty-two consolation stake — May Connolly vs.
Hermit: Piker vsn Free Costa: Ccsette vs. Lulu
Girl: Pasha Pleasant vs. Medley; Beaaty Gold
vs Apple Blownm; Firm Fellow vs. Flowery
Friend; Young Mountain Belle vs. Lady Menlo:
Commercial Traveler vs. Gold Chain; Agi
tator vs. Carlow Boy; Dorothy M vs. Haddtnc
ton; Black Coon vs. Reckless Acrobat; Bel
fast vs. Wedsewood J ¦ Grade Greenwood vs.
Northern Alarm; Jack Short vs. Mirage; Fox
Hunter vs. Fortune Angel: Articulate vs. Dear
Gastnn: Lucy Shamrock vs. Ouida; Modest v«.
Joe Pasha: Rock Island Minnie vs. Idaho Boy:
Jessie Dear vs. Hera: Eagle Bird vs. General
Fremont: Sunny Semh vs. Wild Bill; Tom
Hurllck vs. Equator; Golden Feather xn.
Fannie Hughle: Queen's Motto v». Ready
Address; Cur Myra vs. Daisy D; Topjry Turvy
vs. DMtaway; Roy Hughie vs. Evil Eye;
Courtly Guest vs. Humbus: Doreen vs. Mll
llnv.-ood; Imperious vs. Little Plunger; TV hit*
Stocking vs. Donny brook.
In the match played last Sunday the
San Francisco County Club showed
that in spite of the loss of Kortlang,
the absence of Sloman and the trans
fer of Wilkes to the Pacific Club it still
has an eleven superior to any of the
teams. Though the Pacific captain tried
seven bowlers only pne San Francisco
batsman (W. W. Deering) was bowled.
H. Dixon was run out. When Richard
son and Petersen came ' together the
bowling was mastered, and when Rich
ardson had scored 103 runs not out and
Petersen Co runs not out the inning was
called, the score standing at 1S5 runs
for two wickets. Of the Pacific bowl
ers E. H. Wilkes was the only one who
captured a wicket, bowling sixty balls
for 22 runs. The others who tried their
hands with the ball were Dr. O. N.
Taylor, H. C. Casidy, H. D. Bowly, F.
Lewln, E. H. M. Lannowe and John
Myers.
The Pacific batsmen made no stand
at all against the San Francisco Coun
ty bowlers, Roberts taking six wickets
for 18 runs. Richardson three wickets
for 20 runs and Petersen one wicket for
2 runs. Eight of the batsmen were
clean bowled and two were caught. The
scores were as follows: J. Myers bowled
Richardson, jS; E. H. M. Lannowe
bowled Roberts, 1: A. W. Wilding
bowled Richardson. 8; H. D. Bowly
bowled Roberts. 8; E. H. Wilkes bowled
Roberts, 0; W. Petherlck bowled Rob
erts. 2; H. C. Casidy and C. Chadwick
bowled Richardson, 2; Dr. O. N. Taylor
bowled Roberts, 7; F. Lewln, not out,
8; J. J. Theobald bowled Petersen, Z;
H. N. Storrs and C. Stewart bowled
Roberts. 1; byes, 6. Total, 46.
H. F. Pepys and W. E. Rooker have
Joined the San Francisco County Club.
The Alameda captain is experiencing
some difficulty in making up his team,
which will be selected from the follow
ing: Harold Ward, S. M. Foster, W. H.
McNaughton, G. I. Baugh, W. W. Deer
ing, C. Banner. J. U. Buchanan, F. A.
Stahl, F. J. Croll, F. J. Bennion. H. W.
Brown, Leopold G. Vaz, H. Bird, V.
Seebeck and W. E. R. Rooker.
team will meet the Alameda eleven for
the second time during the present sea
son. The first match between these
two old rivals was set down for May 1,
but was postponed from that date until
May 22. The Alameda Club won by a
score of 104 to 7S. Stahl, Foster, Baugh
and Ward making the highest scores
for the winners. For the losers Bowly
(29 not out) made the best score. The
Pacific eleven to-morrow will be John
Myers, captain; H. C. Casidy, D. B.
Jamieson, A. W. Wilding, E. H. M.
Lannowe, Norman Logan, H. D. Bow
ly, Dr. O. N. Taylor. Kenneth Read. T.
W. Bewley and H. N. Storrs. The ab
sence of E. H. Wilkes' name from the
nst is due to the fact that he hurt his
foot while bowling last Sunday and
will not be able to play for a week or
two.
¦Fourth class— C. E. Allan. E.G. Blglow,
E. W. Borough, J. I* Darus, M. A. Edwards,
W. W. Fuller. Frank Glynn. L. Gunst, W. L.
Howell. W. H. Hlghtower, W. H. Johnson. L.
Joseph, F. W. Kerns, W. Keller. E. | J. Kap-
¦ , Third clans — J. B. Adams. T. A. Allan. J.
M. Baker. K. L. Bonner. G. Flnkenstedt. G.
M. Guertn, G. L. Hall, L. S. Howell,. Dr.. W.
R. Lovegrove. Melville Long, I>. M. Lemon,
C. Skaggs. C. C. Sayre, P. . Wolfsohn, F. W.
Gomph. K. \V. Hall J. R. Ryan.. E. I*
Wheeler. G. Kacret, C. Colman. B. McFarland,
A. McFarland. L. D. Roberts' and L. C.
Bosarth. . . -¦*... . . ,
The members of the Golden Gate
Tennis Club held a meeting recently
at the club house for the purpose of
electing officers for the ensuing -year.
The following were chosen: President,
Jules F. Brady; vice president, It. N.
Whitney; secretary and treasurer, J.
M. Baker; handicapper, George L.
Baker; directors, J. F. Brady, Charles
J. Dunlap, George L. Baker. S. C. Gay
ness, N. H. Martin, R. N. Whitney and
J. M. Baker.
As a result " of the many one-sided
matches which have recently been
played in the class singles tournaments
it was decided to re-classify the play
ers. The standing as arranged fol
lows:
First class — W. C. Allen. N. Ambrose, George
L. Baker, A. H. Hrabant, C J. Dunlap. C
K. Foley, Carl Gardner, Clarence J. Griffin,
Herbert Long. J. Drummond MacGavln. K. N.
Whitney, F. IS*. Uaker untl Harry K. Routh.
Second class — F. C. Adam*, GeurjfC.K. Bates.
Jules F. Urady, James A. Code,
Clinch. Robert P. Drolla, E. P." Kinnegan, S.
C. Ciaynegu, Harold Gabriel. Miller Hotcliklss,
Marlus llott hklm, George Jane*. J. It. Lewis,
a. P. Lytton, C. B." AlcDuffy, H. Mann, K.
M. Otis, R. K. Parr. E. II. Twlgrgs, -W..-O.
Finch. O. Beyfuss and . F. Webster.
Of these Herbert Long and Clarence
Griffin are perhaps the besL They
are both young players who are im
proving rapidly and who have given
a good account of themselves in past
tournaments.
Percy Murdock and Will Allen will
probably be the strongest players en
tered in the tournament and in either
one of them Champion Grant Smith
would find a formidable opponent.
George Baker has not made up his
mind whether he will play or" not. If
he decides to take part he will be a
dangerous competitor.
William B. Collier Jr. .finds he will
not be able to spare the time to take
part.
Among the other players who will
compete are: George Janes, Herbert
Long, Melville Long, Clarence Griffin.
N." Ambrose, S. C. Gayness, Sidney
Salisbury, Carl Gardner, A. H. Bra
bant, C. G. Knehm, A. E. Beyfuss and
Merle Johnson.
The State championship tennis tour
nament is the event to which the en
thusiasts are looking forward. It will
be held on the courts of the Hotel Ra
fael during the first week in July.. The
players who will participate are. busy
conditioning themselves for the hard
week's play. They are letting no op
portunity for practice pass and each
day sees a number of players at both
the California and the Golden Gate
club courts.
Park Tennis Players Are Re
classified to Bring About
Sharper Competition.
TENNIS EXPERTS WHO ARE EXPECTED TO BE PROMINENT IN STATE CHAMPIONSHIP TOURNAMENT.
RACKET WIELDERS ARE IN PRACTICE FOR THE ANNUAL CHAMPIONSHIP
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, JUNE " 18, 1904.
On the cricket ground at "Webster
«treet, Alameda, to-morrow the Pacific
The # annual meetlnc of the Califor
nia Coursing Committee, the govenl-
San Francisco Club Defeats
Wearers of Bed and Black
in Last Sunday's Contest
Attractive Programmes Are
Offered by Parks in This
District for This Week
STAKES AEE ARRANGED
The barge crews of the various row-
Ing clubs oh the bay are practicing for
the annual championship regatta, to
10By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race — Lincroft, Clover Hamp
ton, Dance Music.
Second race — Wild Thyme, Mineola,
Sheriff Bell.
Third race — Waterside, Sparkling
Star, Flyback.
Fourth race — Delhi, St. Valentine,
Ort Welles. , » 3
Fifth race — Armenia, Unmasked,
Ascension.
Sixth race— High Chancellor, Grace
ful, Dalesman.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY SELECTIONS.
ST. LOUIS, June 17. — A private dis
patch to-day from a reliable source
in New York says Hermis is a prac
tically certain starter In the $50,000
World's Fair handicap and that there
is a good chance for Irish Lad to come
West Thus it appears the field will
be. made up as follows:
Hermis, *130; McChesney, 123; Irish
Lad, ?126; Gold Heels, 120; Salvable,
119; Runnels, 115; Witful, 108; Judge
Himes, 105; McGee, 101; Flying Tor
pedo, 101; Bernays, 100; Emporium,
98; Sambo, 97; Colonial Girl, 97; Mo
harib, 94; Bearcatcher, 94; Old
Stone, 92. penalties.
Ilcraiis May Start at St. Louis.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First Race — Bad News, Silk Maid.
McGce.
Second Race — Burleigh, The Crisis,
Komombo.
Third Race — English Lad, Moharib,
El wood.
Fourth Race — Cardinal Wolsey,
Harfang. Durbar.
Fifth Race Luzarion, Flaxman,
Sea sic!:.
Sixth Race — Alma Dufour, Van
Ne*s, Action.
WASHINGTON PARK SELECTIONS.
Fifth race, six furlongs, on main track. sell-
Ing Iridlus 110. Coburg 1&S. Ascension 10S,
Cantllian 1«1. Counterpoise 10.". Unmasked 103.
Ros*lcnol 103. Neither One 10.1. Consideration
101, Martinmas 100. Old England 100. Ar
menia 100. Turquoise Blue 07. Tom Cod 07,
Pick Iiernard 08, Casctne 90, Merry Moments
85. Ju'ua M S3.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles on
turf — Roehamptcn 113. High Chancellor 11«.
Dalesman 111. Collegian 110. Mai Hanlon l(i<*.
Prince Ching 108. Lord of the Valley 101
Graceful 10<J, Bobadtl 101. Gold Dome 101. Bob
Murphy 101. Judge Denton 101, Funny Side 00,
Tol San DC.
Weather clear. Track drying:.
Fourth race, the Tidal Stakes, one and a
quarter mile* — Delhi 12C, Ort Wells 12U, St.
Valentine 120, Conjurer 12«, Ormonde* Right
120.
Second race, one mile handicap— Whorler
125. Roehampton 114. DaJerman 112. Grey
Friar 112. Gold Money 110. Wild Thyme 107,
Mlneola 1UT>, Sheriff Bell ins, Palmbearer 10r,,
Ancestor 98, Dlrrspl* 07. Persistence II 05.
(Whorler ami Mlneola. Duryea entry; Palm
bearer and Dimple. Thomas entry.)
Third rac«\ the Foam stakes, five furlongs
of futurity course — Waterside 122. Flyback 11«.
Tongorder IIS. Knleht of Pearl 118. Belle
f=«uvage 117, Sparkling Star 114, Simplicity
111.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY ENTRIES.
NEW YORK, June 17. — Delhi, Ort
Wells, Ormondes Right and other
flyers will meet in the Tidal stakes to
morrow at Sheepshead Bay. The day's
yirst race, five and a half furlongs of
fdturlty rturi-e. two-year-olds, selling — Golden
Green 107. Confessor 102; Jerry C. 102, Work
man 1^2. Jack McKeon 102. Ike S 1C2. Har
poon 102. MephUto 102, Llncroft 1C7. Pellon
99, Baroque !K>. Panseuse W. Clover Hampton
101, Dance Music 97, Suzanne Rocamora 94,
Benlala 00.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.*
ST. LOUIS, June 17. — The entries
for the races to-morrow at the Fair
Grounds follow: . , , > .
First race, six furlonrs. selling — Cash Boy
112 Dave Sommers 110, Charlie Grainger 107,
Wiiliam F II 107 Jake Weber 107, Llllle Long
103. Silver Thistle 101, Sol Smith 00. Gay
Amertcan 07, Bomblno 00. Miss Gomes 04.
Dtbbie May 01 Anyway SO, Clear the Arena
SO. Bride S7. '
Second race one mile and twenty yards,
selling— Ivernia 107. WIs.«endlne 106. Canyon
10r» Frank Jones 10H, Jerry 102. Laton 102,
Tottenham 09. Trapsetter 03, Pretension 93,
Misanthrope 01. Regina D 87, Benton S4, Over
hand 82. ._ . .'-¦„
Third race, five furlongs — Broomhandle 118,
Lady Savoy 111 Chicago Lad 110. Argosy 103.
Moonet 103. Tuna 103. John Randolph 103.
Fourth race, one and a quarter miles. Club
Members' handicap — Judge Hlmes 111. Sambo
loR Flying Torpedo 1U8. Bernays 107. Bondage
105'. Estrada Palma 104, Jack Young 104,
Jordan 104, Old Stone 94, Neversuch 01.
Fifth race, one and an eighth miles — Old
Stone 107 Harmakis 107, Forehand 107, King
Ellsworth" 102. Mohave 102. Just So 90, Dollnda
U0 Footlights Favorite 07. "
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling — King Rose
111 Sid Sliver 111. One More 1O1». Evening
Star 10S. Happy Chappy 107. Jake Ward 107.
Suave 103. Wager 104, Blissful 104. General
Prig 103 Ed Ball 102. Radium 91. Short Cake
01 Our Llllie 03, Hoedown S7.
Seventh race, one and an eighth miles, sell
inr—Trio 103. Compass 102. Lcenja 101. Bessie
McCarthy 101. Memphian 100. Handsplnner 1U0.
Hrcoklyn ft*. Murmur OS. Edgardo 98, Miss
Kon 07. Flora Brlsht 04, Elle 01, Salivate 89.
Easter 'Walters 77.
Weather cloudy. Track slow.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
First Race — Clear the Arena. Dave
Sommers, Guy American.
Second Race — Misanthrope, Canyon,
Pretension. .
Third Race — Broom Handle, Chica
go Lad, •lohn Randolph.
Fourth Race — Bernays, Old Stone,
Bondage
¦Fifth Race — Just So, Harmakis,
King Ellsworth.
Sixth Race — Blissful, Ed Ball, Onq
More.
Seventh Race — Elle, Bessie McCar
thy, Easter Walters.
Boxer Hen-era Arrives.
Aurelio Hen-era, the boxer, arrived
In town last night accompanied by his
manager, Joseph M. Wood. Herrera
won twelve fights since he left this city
last January. He fought one draw
with Yanger and lost a six round de
cision to Abp Attell In .Chicago. His
recent feat of knocking out Yanger in
Butte has attracted widespread atten
tion. Herrera says he is willing to
meet any featherweight In the coun
try, Eddie Hanlon preferred. He an
nounces he will fight Hanlon at 123
pounds at 3 o'clock or 130 pounds ring
side.
Gaelic Field Day.
The Gaelic Athletic Association of
California has completed arrangements
for Its field day. to be held at the Pre
sidio athletic grounds to-morrow after
noon.. The main events on the card
will be* two football matches, one be
tween the Parnells and the.McBrides,
and the other between the Emmets and
the Columbias. " .
Tennis Game To-Morrow.
The postponed match- for the cham
pionship of San Francisco, -which was
scheduled for two weeks ago, will be
played to-morrow afternoon on the
courts of the California Tennis Club.
Play will be called promptly at 2:30
o'clock. Both MacGavln and Murdock
are in good form and a fast match is
looked for.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
NEW YORK, June 17. — Taylor shut out
Brooklyn tasily. outpitching Pcole. Povle re
ceived poor support in the field. Attendance.
New York 2 (j 1
Brooklyn o 4 4
Batteries — Taylr.r and Bowerman; Poole and
Ritt«:r. Umpire — Zlmmer.
BOSTON, June 17. — Bo«tcn won the forenoon
tame ly taking advantage of their opponent's
misjlays. The afternoon same was poorly
played. Attendance. 2tKA» and 3000. Scores:
Morning game — R. H. E.
Boston 4 3 2
Philadelphia 2 'J 4
Batteries — Wihelm ard Moran; Fraser and
Roth. Umpires — Emslle and Johnstone.
Afternoon game — R. H. E.
Boston 7 11 3
Philadelphia 12 13 7
Eatl«rles — Plttlnger and Moran; Mitchell and
Roth. Umpires — Emulle and Johnstone.
PITTSBURG. June 17. — Brilliant fieldinc and
tlir.cly hitting won the game for Pittsburg. St.
Louis' errors also helped. McKarland was hit
on th» head by a pitched ball in the fifth In
ning and was carried off the field unconscious.
Attendance. C200. Score:
R. H. E.
PitUbunr 6 J2 1
St. Louis 3 io 3
Batteries — Flaherty and Smith; McFarland,
Dusleavy and Grady. Umpire — O'Day.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
DETROIT, Junt 17. — A holiday crowd of
5000 persons saw Waddell defeat the locals
to-day and all but shut them out. Score:
R. H. E.
r>etroit ¦ 1 S .. 1
Philadelphia 7 12 1
Batteries — Klllian and Buelow; Waddell and
Schreck.
CLEVELAND. June 17.— Washington was
unable to kit Mocre, and Cleveland won easily,
a wild pitch and Flick's errors irivlns the
visitors their only runs. Attendance. 1770.
Score:
R. H. E.
Cleveland 10 13 3
Wsfhintrton 2 3 2
Batteries — Moore and Abbott; Patten and
Drill.
$7500 for a Haggln Yearling.
NEW YORK. June 17.— Fair prices
were realized at the sale of the
Rancho Del Paso yearlings held at
Sheepshead Bay to-day. , A brown colt
by Imp. Watercress-Fleurette sold for
$^500. which was the top price of the
day. Newton Bennlngton was the buy
er. Other sales of $200 or more were:
Er. c. by Imp. Golden Garter-Flora, J.
Mackey, $3300; b. c. by Imp. Watercress-
Harmony II, A. J. Joyner, $3000; ch. c.
by Imp. St. Galien-Jude, N. Benning
ton, $4100; b. c. by Imp. Watercress-
La Fleche, N. Bennington, $2100.
Girl Defeats Crack Oarsman.
Miss Viola Loughran. an eighteen
year-old girl, met and defeated Thomas
J. Powers, the well known Olympic
Club oarsman, in a two-mile boat race
at Larkspur Creek last Saturday after
noon. The race was an exciting one,
the young lady taking the lead at the
start and winning handily. She gave
a wonderful exhibition of ekfll and en
durance.
WASHINGTON PARK ENTRIES.
CHICAGO. June 17.— Sixteen horses
are carded to start in the Derby to
morrow at Washington Park. The
complete entries:
First race, one mile — Soufrlere 102, silk Maid
102. Leila 102. Emperor of India 104. Fred
Leppert 104. Witfull 117, Bad News 119. Mc-
Gee 122.
Second race. «ix furlong* — Peter J. Somers
02, Helgeraon 07. Clifton Forge 07. Komombo
M». White Plume 99, Major Pelham 104. Flon.1
Klnif 104 Burlelgh 104, Red Haven 105. The
Cri»is 110. Skillful 115.
Third race. one and a half miles. The
American Derby. $25.000— English Lad 127,
Bill Curtis 110 Proof Reader 122, Rapid Wa
ter 122. Hlshball 122. Ratnland 125. Moharlb
125, Proceeds 125, Fort Hunter 125, ElwooU
127. Merry Pioneer 122. Woodson 122. Brand
New 112 Gug Straus 115, Volney 122, Copper
115.
Fourth race, eeven and a half furlongs —
Durbar SO, Geneial Steward 00, Harfang 99,
Hncitip Master 01), Anna iti all 05, Atlantic j
9<i Weird lrt>, Lanark 100. Cardinal Woolsey
104. Emigre 105 Boundling JOS. Valeat 105.
Fifth race, four and a half furlongs — Sea
sick 105, Lockout 105, Gleeman 10S, Abelard
U:t One Way 11H. Luxarlon 118. Walter Ar
nold lift Scotch Irish 118, Flaxman 118. Flor
entine US, Miss Inez 122.
Sixth race, sevtn and a half furlongs —
Alma Dufour 87. Jerry Lynch 08, New Mown
Hay 'W Frivol 97. Glorlosa OS. Federal «>.
Van Ness 101. Exclamation 101. Action 10::.
Fleuror 102. Cornwall 104, Olympian 109.
Weather clear. Track fast.
RAIN STOPS SPIRITED GAME.
TACOMA; June 17. — Jupiter Plu
vius butted in and stopped the game
after the visitors had their inning in
the sixth. Although short, the game
was full of excitement and Umpire
O'Connell handed out fines of $5 to
Hilderbrand and Knell, besides chas
ir.g them off the lot. The trouble
tame in the fifth, after Doyle hit to
left field. He stretched it to a double,
but probably would have been out had
Reitz touched him. The decision was
close and the San Francisco men made
a bis fuss-
Before the row ended O'Connell
held the watch on the visitors and dis
ciplined them. Thomas was effective
and pulled himself out of a tight hole
in the fourth after Waldron doubled
and Irwin singled. The visitors' tally
came on Miller's single and Egan's
error. Irwin's error and Casey's sin
gle scored Egran in the second and
Eheehan's double and Egan's single
brought the former home with the
winning tally. Score:
Saa Frsnci»co — I Tacoma —
AB. R. H. P.A. I AB. R. H. P.A.
5ti!ler,». 3 112 l)Doyle.rf. 3 0 10 0
H<lt>nd.lf 2 0 110 Shehn,3b 3 110 3
tionon.lt 10 0 0 «tNordk,lb 3 0 18 0
tvidrn.cf 3 0 12 0 Easan.s. 3 110 1
Meany.rf 3 0 0 0 0 Lynch.cf 3 0 O 1 0
lrwln.3b 2 O 1 O 2 Cuey,2b. 2 0 12 2
Confd.lb 2 0 0 8 1 McLn.lt. 2 0 1 O O
Iieitr.2b. 2 0 O O 2 Grahm,c 10 0 7 2
L«ahj,c. 10 0 5 1 Thoma.p. 2 0 0 0 1
YeTkeE,p 2000 0
' Totils 22 2 6 18 »
Totals 21 1 4 15 7'
BX'NS AND HITS BT INNNINGS.
Taccm* O 1 1 O 0 •— 2
Btf« hits O 1 2 1 2 •— 6
£»n Francisco 0 0 1 0 0 0— 1
U*«e hlu 1 0 1 2 0 0—4
SUMMARY.
Error* — E*ea.n. Lynch, Ir-wln, Heits. Struck
out — Ey Thomae. 5; by Yerke*. 4. Base* on
ball* — By Thomas. 1: by Yerkes, 1. Wild
pitches — Tfcomie. Terkea. Two-bate hits —
hheehan. Nordyke. Dcyle. Waldron. Double
play — Graham to Cesey. Left on bases — Ta
cotna. C; San Francisco. 3. Time of game —
One. hour and ten minutes. Umpire — O'Con-
ANGELS WIN IN A CANTER.
SEATTLE, Wash.. June 17.— Seattle
went down to defeat this afternoon in
a windstorm, a cjoud of dust and a
rainstorm. The weather seemed to
be to the liking of Los Angeles.
The- men from the south simply ran
away from the Siwashes. giving them
a little consolation toward the end of
the came.
Big Warren Hall had everything in
the line of good pitching, and as long
as there was a ghest of a chance for
Seattle to get into the running he kept
Going. .
After a while he took things easier,
the ball became wet and Seattle man
aged to cnop out a few hits. Six out of
Heattle's eleven hits did not count for
cnythlnjr. On the other hand only
three of those gathered by the cham
pions were wasted.
Williams put the ball over the plate
us biff as a balloon, and every man on
the Los Angeles team, excepting Flood
tnd Hall, made from one to three hlta.
£mtt!c-— , Lo» Anpele* —
ab. n. h. p.a. ab. n. u. p.a.
Vn Un.cf S I 2 2 «) Toman,*! 3 2 13 2
>'hk-r.2b 3 0 0:; &' Flood, 2b 4 1 O 3 2
JJihty.Sb R I 2 O 3 Whir, tb 4 O 2 0 1
FrUk. If S HI 2 o Hnard. cf 5 2 3 2 0
8znlth rf 6 1 1 2 f Crvth rf 4 12 3 0
Iir*hr.lt> 4 0 0 13 v<T>««, lb 5 1 3 10 1
R Hall.M 4 0 2 1 IHoh, If 4 0 1 2 0
Tflr.kspc 3 0 2 3 2 Sj.l.i. c 3 0 1 4 3
TVlIni»,p 4 0 11 SjW.Hall.p 4 0 0 0 3
TtetHi.SS T 11 27 ICi Totals.38 7 13 27 12
(National League.) i (American L-apue.)
W. L. Pet.! W. L. PcC
New Tork...:J2 lrt j&Si Boston Z2 17 t'5i
Chicago 3" ltf .032 Chicago 20 21 .5S9
Cincinnati ..31 IV .&m N ew York... 27 20 .574
Plusburg ...26 22 .542 Cleveland ...25 21 543
St. Lou:s> 22 24 .478 Philadelphia 2B 22 ,843
Brooklyn ...21 .'SO .412 St. Louis 22 2-{ .4*9
Boston 19 30 .3SS Detroit IS 2S 404
Philadelphia 10 35 .222 Washington . 9 :>7 .19«
STANDING OF THE CLUBS
"Rube" WaddclJ Electrifies a Big Hol
iday Crowd at Detroit by His
Wonderful Pitching.
BROOKLYN MAKES NO RUNS
OFF TAYLOR'S FAST CURVES
Thielman dropped Ganley's right
feld drive. Schlafley butted Into one
of Ibergs bent balls. Then Doc Mos
kiman cleared the bags with a drive
to deep center. This was right at the
start. Then Portlaqd made one lonely
run. In the third two hits and an
error gave Oakland a score. Three
ir.ore of Pete's men ambled over the
jlate in the seventh on three straight
hits. Castro helped when he failed
to get Streib's bounder. The score:
Portland— »•'."- Oakland—
AB. R. H. P.A.' AB. R. H. P.A.
Nadau.if 4 114 0 Ganley.rf & 1 1 u i>
MrCde.2b \ t. l ;: •• Frank».» 5 0 0 1 3
Iwnan.cf 3 O 1 1 1 Dnlvy.cr 3 1111
!«rck,H.. 3 « O 8 O -n.n>..u. .. !••-'-.
FnieU.3b 3 0 111 Makmn.lf 5 13 10
< itetro.e . 3 0 0 2 4 Dvrux.Sb 5 14 3 2
Vf.lmn.rf 3 0 2 10 gtrelb.lb 5 12 7 0
Mrf;3r,,c 10 0 3 0 Byrnes. c 4 O 1 11 . 0
;-hes.c.. 2 0 0 2 2 Bcfcmn.p 3 0 110
Iiier«.p. . 2M0O7
l>r«-»-.p.. O O 0 0 O Tot£.l. 40 6 13 27 10
Uoach'.. 1 © 0 « 0
Total 2» 1 C 27 13
•tiutted lor Itxrg ii> eighth inning.
BUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
lYiiland I <• 0 0 0 O 0 0 0 — 1
JU«- hits 2 1 O O O 0 1 1 1—6
(•akand 2 O 1 O 0 0 3 0 O— 6
lia:-e hits 1 1 2 1 1 0 4 2 1 — 13
SL'MMART.
Error*— Francks «2>. Beck. Thielman. Sacrl
'...: Lit*— liuchanan. Schlafley. Stolen ba**» —
Lsn'.ty <2). Devereaux (2). Streib Bases en
:.:;>— OS Drew I. Struck out— By Iberjf. 4:
bj Buchanan. 10. Two-b«w hits— Otvereaux.
j':«rinar. Thre«s~l,ai=e h t— Mo*kim*n. Le't ->n
ta*,?— Portland. 4: Oakland. 11. Hit by
l.mhed ball— By Ib*r«. 1. First on errors —
i ..l, ami. -t T.me «•* fc-m* — One hour ana nay
jr. :r. i;t fir. frr.j-ire— Browne.
PORTLAND. June 17. — Buchanan,
brought up by Pete Lohraan to pitch
ball for the team from Oakland, gave
a wonderful performance this after
noon on the Twenty-fourth street
grounds. Others may have played in
the game, but nobody had eyes for
anything but the work of the big man
in the short sleeved uniform of the
t'ommuters. Dugdale's swatters srwear
Huchanan used the black art on them;
that he has been communing with oc
cult powers, for eleven of them fan
ned nothing but air. When the spell
v as lifted it was for an instant, a lone
tome single, barren of results.
gp^cial Dijratch to The Call
< Pacific Coast Leaxue.)
W. U. Pet.' \v. L. Pet.
Lcs Angeles. 44 a4 .86S!Seattl« 4u 30 .520
Txccni* 44 34 .543, Sail Fran.. . .34 42 .448
Oakland 43 34 .;£0;portland 24 Vi .3'-".l
STANDING OF THE CLCCS.
The track promises to be fast, and
predictions are made that the race will
be run in close to 2:33 for the mile and
a half. Following are the horses card
ed to start:
Hrrne. Weight. Jockey. Odds.
HnrlHh Lad li'." . .Dominlck 2 to 1
Moharib 125 .. W Fisher 7 to 2
Highball 122. .Fuller 7 to 2
Fort Hunt«r 127 . .Wonderly G to 1
RMpid Water 122..Lyne 7 to 1
Bill Curtis. ..'... 11!> ..J. Daly ,. 12 to 1
Elwood :...127.lFrlor 15 to 1
Proceed* 125 ..Hel|?«een 2O to 1
Woodson 122 . . J. Conley 25 to I
Brand New 112. .B. Davis 411 to 1
Proofreader .. v 122 . .Hicks 40 to 1
Merry Pioneer... 112 ..c. Kelly 40 to 1
< .^t 115 . . 50 to 1
Gu» Strauee 115. .J. T. Sheehan KiO to 1
Vclney 122.. 150 to 1
Rainland 125.. c. Gray 40 to 1
English Lad, Fred Cook's candidate,
le a heavy favorite to-night at 2 to 1,
and probably will go to the post to
morrow at a shorter price should any
one have the temerity to make a book
on the race. Moharib and Highball
are e^ual second choices to-night at 7
to 2. ¦ V 1
CHICAGO, June 17.— The American
Derby will be run at Washington Park
to-morrow. For the first time in the
history of the race a d«termined at
tempt will be made, it is said, to pro
hibit betting. Mayor Harrison issued
an order to the police several days ago
that no betting is to be permitted at
Washington Park this vear, and to
morrow 300 policemen will be at the
track, it is planned, to see the order is
enforced. Officers of the track have
promised to enforce the law, and indi
cations to-night are the Derby will be
decided without the excitement of open
betting. Out of 119 horses originally
named sixteen are carded to start. In
point of number this falls three short of
the field last year. What the race lacks
in number this year it more than makes
up in class. Experts figure six as on
more even terms than in any previous
race. These are English Lad, Moharib,
Highball. Fort Hunter, Rapid Water
and Bill Curtis.
The big powwow will be held at Har
bin Springs to-day when James W.
Coffroth, representing the Yosemlte
Club, and Harry Pollock. Jack Mun
roe's representative, will meet the
mighty Jeffries. Dr. Devening will be
an Important figure at the conference.
Apparently all parties at Interest are
anxious to have the fight take place on
the 30th inst.. if it is possible for Jef
fries to appear In the ring. The cham
pion will suffer somewhat in prestige
If it is found necessary to declare the
fight off. The club will lose the large
amount It has expended for advertis
ing. Munroe will come out of it best
of all. He will lose the amount of his
training expenses, but the advertising
he has received has made him a much
sought after attraction and he will
soon be reimbursed, for. the time he has
spent on this coast.
There was but little improvement
yesterday In Jeffries' condition. Dr.
Devening changed the treatment, ap
plying Iodine and glycerine to the in
jured knee. This was done twice dur
ing the day. A boil developed yester
day on the leg above the knee and was
taken as a good sign by the "first aid
to the injured" brigade headed by the
chief nurse Kid Eagan.
Jeffries has been eating sparingly
since he has been confined to bis bed
and has taken on but little flesh. Kid
Fagan expressed the opinion yester
day that a few days' exercise would
fit Jeffries for the ring if his knee
would permit him to move around.
There is a feeling about Jack Mun
roe's training quarters that the fight
will not take place. Every one about
the establishment. Including the miner
himself, seems to be of the same opin
ion. Instead of going through his usual
stunts yesterday Jack loafed all day
and did not do a stroke of work, al
though there was a big crowd on hand
to see him perform.
"While no one in the camp has any
authority to speak on the subject still
each and every one of the miner's re
tainers feels confident the battle of the
year will not take place. Tim Me-
Grath has about given up hope and
Andy Gallagher says there is no chance
and that the big fellow knows It as
well as does any one else.
Manager Harry Pollock has not ex
pressed himself as to the probability of
the fight's coming off. No one knows
whether he and Munroe have had a
talk about the matter, but it Is likely
they have postponed such a discussion
until Pollock's return from the camp
of the champion. Munroe's trainers
announce that the miner will resume
work to-day and keep on till It Is of
ficially settled whether or not the mill
Is to be held.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAMBURG, June 17.— M. Thery in a
RIchard-Brasier won the James Gor
don Bennett international automobile
cup in a magnificent race. In doing so
he has gained a double victory, for he
demonstrated both his qualities as
driver and the perfection to which the
automobile industry has been brought
fn France.
Rarely has so much tense suspense
been crowded into ten hours. At the
end of the first round M. Thery was
thirty-one seconds behind M. Jenatzy,
the "Re dDevil." as Hamburg has
learned to call the winner of last year's
race for the cup.
At the second passage of the two re
doubtable antagonists before the grand
stand M. Thery was one minute and
forty seconds ahead, tearing along the
closely guarded road at a speed that
thrashed the spectators Into excitement.
The champion of France and the
champion of Germany contested every
kilometer with bitter determination and
reckless audacity. As they swept past
the third time M. Thery was leading by
nine minutes and thirty-five seconds.
The people did not know the exact'fig
ure. All they realized was that M.
Thery was widening the gap separating
him from his relentless pursuer, and
that was enough to bring forth deafen
ing cheers, that drowned even the
thunder of the passing machines.
"Bravo, Thery." . "Vive la France,"
and a wild tumult of delight, confidence
and pride showed there was enough of
a mighty-lunged French contingent
present, or that the spectators were
mainly Francophile.
Never did a couple of hours seem so
long. Partisans of both men strolled
restlessly about, looked at their watches
every minute, tried to chat and showed
by their indifference to what was said
that their thoughts were riveted upon
some other subject. They were think
ing of one or other of the two men
flying around the racecourse, the win
ning of which meant peril to life and
limb. - V>V
At last the trumpet call announced
the racers were coming. The suspense
at this moment was maddening. M.
Jenatzy was about due. "Was it M.
Jenatzy whose approach was signaled
or had some mishap delayed him?
The warning trumpet call was for
M. Jenatzy. His arrival was gre'eted
with cheers, in which, however, some
anxiety was discerned. M. Thery had
started twenty-eight minutes after M.
Jenatzy and at the end of the last
circuit but one he was leading by more
.than nine minutes. If he passed the
line inside of nineteen minutes he had
won the cup. If he passed twenty
minutes later than his competitor. M.
Jenatzy retained the coveted trophy.
Then began the real period of anx
iety for M. Thery's well wishers. The
Emperor had returned at about half
past four to witness' the finish, but
even interest in his movements failed
io make the time pass quickly. Ten
minutes, eleven, were ticked off. Have
they been delayed by any cause? Sud
denly the trumpets blare forth. There
is a quiver of excitement that swells
into a shout and develops into a crash-
Ing roar of triumph. M. Thery had
won the cup.
As he flew across the finishing line,
like a bomb skimming the earth, the
grandstands on both sides of the road
were a mass of waving handkerchiefs.
The Emperor took off his cap and
waved it in the air. As for the French
visitors, their enthusiasm was deliri
ous. If M. Thery had won back
Alsace and Lorraine he could not have
received a more tempestuous ovation.
No accident of consequence was re
ported throughout the race.
NEIL'S TERRIFIC
PUNCHES PROVE
FORBES' UNDOING
New Cricket League.
The Metropolitan District Cricket
League, of which David A. Munro is
president, F. G. Warburton vice presi
dent and F. F. Kelly secretary-treas
urer, includes the following seven
clubs: The Brooklyn. Columbia, Oval.
Kings County, Manhattan and Pater
son cricket clubs, the Livingston Field
Club and the New York Veterans* As
sociation. The Brooklyn Cricket Club
has two teams, A and B. each of which
has a representative on the executive
committee of the league. The schedule
comprises forty-six matches, the first
being played on May 21 and the last on
September 15. The last match of the
season Is played at Philadelphia, be
tween the New York Veterans and the
Philadelphia Veterans. All the rest are
played at Paterson, Prospect Park.
Livingston or WilUamsbridge. All the
matches, except those set for Decora
tion day. June 20, Independence day
and September 5, are played on Satur
days. On public holidays the games
are scheduled to begin at 11 a. m. v
The Livingston Field Club of Staten
Island, N. Y., has a first eleven and a
summer eleven. The former plays fif
teen matches and the latter fourteen
during the season. T\ elve of the fifteen
games played by the first eleven are for
the championship of the Metropolitan
District Cricket League. Of the Twenty
nine matches eighteen are played at
Livingston, seven at Prospect Park, two
at ~WIllIamsbridge and one each at Pat
erson and Elizabeth.
Champion From California
Knocks Chicago Boxer Out
After Three Fast Bounds
SENTENCED TO PRISON
FOR FORGING A CHECK
Santa Rosa Man Pleads Guilty and
Wants to Begin Ills Term
at Once.
SANTA ROSA, June 17.— C. M.
George, arrested yesterday for forgery,
entered pleas of guilty In the Justice's
Court and. the Superior Court to-day
and was sentenced by Judge Seawell
ff serve two years In Folsom Prison.
The man is 35 years of age and forged
a check more than a year ago for five
dollars, using the name of his em
ployer, G. Cameron. George C. Schel
ling was victimized on the check and
swore to the complaint <m which
George was arrested. The man ex
pressed a desire to begin serving his
time as speedily as possible and will
be taken to the prison at once.
a token of defeat. Neither the fighters
nor the referee noticed it. and as soon
as Forbes was on his feet the fight be
gan more fiercely than before. Forbes
put a right on Neil's Jaw that sent him
whirling across the ring. Nell recovered
quickly and rushed, and as Forbes
came to meet him NeO hooked his right
to the Jaw. The blow lifted Forbes
clear off his feet and he struck the floor
with the top of his head. He was com
pletely out and did not recover con
sciousness for several minutes.
CHICAGO, June 17.— Frankie Neil of
San Francisco knocked out Harry
Forbes in the third round to-night at
the "Waverly Athletic Club. Forbes
was knocked senseless and was carried
to his corner. This 1b taken to settle
all disputes as to the bantam-weight
championship.
In the first round the advantage was
on the side of Forbes. In the second
round Nell landed some heavy blows
on Forbes' stomach, and Forbes put In
a number of left Jabs and right upper
cuts on the champion's face. The blows,
however, had little effect on Neil, who
rushed constantly throughout the
round.
At the opening of the third round it
seemed Forbes was about to gain the
upper hand. He sent a straight left to
Neil's face, Btraightenlng him up, and
then crossed with the right to the Jaw.
He repeated this twice more without a
return. As they backed away from a
clinch Neil let go a vicious left swing,
which caught Forbes fairly on the chin,'
and he went to the floor. He was up
at the count of nine, but was weak.
Neil sent another left to the Jaw and
.Forbes went down for the second time.
"While he was lying on the floor his
seconds threw a towel into the ring aa
Emperor William and Many
Notables Witness Finish
of Sensational Struggle
Chicago Police Say There
Will Be No Open Laying
oi Odds on Big Contest
There Is a Feeling About
His Camp That the Battle
Will Never Take Place
MIINK0E HAS A DAY OFF
WILL PKEVENT BETTING
DEAMATIC INCIDENTS
SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
four-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. •% Fin.
7 to 2— Marlln, , 99 (Ollphant) 4 5 V5 In
10 to S — Bummer II. 1CKS (Aubchn) 8 3 2 2 2V4
7 to 1— Swt. Tooth. Ill (Knapp). 2 2231
¦ Time, 1:49. Start good.," Won driving. Win
ner. J.Paderas* ch. g. (iS hy/Yictory-Fleda b.
Handley Cros* 103. Piedrich 108. Baronet 103.
Or.tonagon 109. Lord Touchwood 99, King's
Court 110, Evander 108. Mary Pine 101. fin
ished as named. ¦,-.'...• . :¦¦-
FIFTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
four-year-olds and up; selling: ¦ '
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 1 — Boaster, 106 (Aubuchon).. 1 7 lh
9 to 1 — Tancred, 107 (Livingston), t! 5 3 'in.
3 to 1 — L. Crawford, 105(Knapp). 7 3 2 3h
Time, 1:48 4-5. Start- fair. Won driving.
Winner. Mrs. M. Goldblatt's br. h. (5) by
Florlst-L* Gascogne. Rossmond 107, Mezzo
100. Lady Chorister 10i, Bellarlo IOC, finished
as named.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds and up; purse: r ¦¦ ¦
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 10— I. Lindsay 104 (Wilson) 2 5 3 11
12 to 1 — Sad iiam, 106 (Sherwood) 1. 1 l«42n"
18 toV-A. D. Gibson, 106 (Bokr) 3 2 h 3 h
Time, 1:14. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner, E. E. Smathers' br. m. <6) by St. Gecrge-
Vantage. John A. Scott 107, Hagerdon 106,
Scotsman 104, Ublque 91, Circulator 99, fin
ished as named.
Time. 3 :33 3-5. Start good. Won In a canter.
Winner. W. W. Darden & Co.'s b. g. (8) by
Leonatug-PIantress. Miss Brandon 134 Fa
litta 140. Jack Boyd 128, finished as named.
Faraday Jr. 135 fell. Golden Link 147 re
fused.
THIRD RACE — Short course steeplechase;
four-year-olds and up; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Leo Planter, 150 (Sexton) 7 2 10 1 8
IK to 5— Handvlce, 140 (McHugh) 1 1 b 2 IK
ti to 1— Eva Moe, 132 (Bates).. 2 3 15 3 20
SECOND RACE — Four and a half furlongs:
two-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 6— Pinkerton. -102 (Sheehn) 4 11 1 h
3 to 2— The Mist,107 (Lawrence) 9 5 5 2 Vt
9 to 1— J. Smulskl, 110 (Henry) 5 4 h 3 h
Time. :54 1-5. Start poor. AVon driving.
Winner. B. Schrelber's blk. c. by Saln-Lizzle
II II. Cigar Lighter 98, Luretta 97, Capltanza
U7, Vonketel 97. Herilda 99, Garvlca 1C5,
Lucky Joe 107, finished as named.
The start beat The Mist in the sec
ond race. She was off next to last,
while Pinkerton got away In front fly
ing. She was fifth turning into the
stretch, but Lawrence brought her
through cleverly and she would have
won in another jump. As it was she
was beaten only a short head. Sum
maries: ; . '
FIRST RACE — One mile; three-year-olds;
eellinr:
Betting. " Horse," Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
ti to 1 — Canteen, 09 (Oliphant)... 2-23 1 %
12 to 1— Freckman. 95 (Llvlngstn) 7 4 h 2 }s
13 to 1— Telephone, 104 (Larsen) 4 1 n 8 2
Time, 1:41 3-5.' Start good. . Won handily.
Winner.' A. L. Aster's br. f. by Mirthful-Part
ridge. Freeslas 97. Rough and Tumble ' 98,
Ebony 101. Prince of Pilsen 104. Golden Min
eral 102. Dutiful 107. Sam Stevens 94, Sar
tar Rceartua 94. Ethel Scruggs, 96, finished
as named.
CHICAGO, June 17. — Fine weather.
a fast track and an attractive card
drew a big crowd to Harlem to-day.
As it was "get-away day" there was
no especial feature on the card.
Probably the best race was the fourth,
a dash of six furlongs, for which
Irene Lindsay was a 4 to 5 favorite.
The Smathers mare was away to a
good start and, holding her, field safe
at all stages, won easily.
Special Dispatch to The ; Call.
SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up; selllne:
Brttlng. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
3 to 1— Hyland. 1C8 (Martin) 5 5 1 14
7 to 2— Ben MacDhul.lOS (Rdfrn) 1 15 2 5
15 to 1— Silver nay*. 97 (Cochran) 2 2 >« 31
T'.me 1 :4S 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner J •¦ McGuire's br. c. by Mirthful-Ker
rr.lss. Fan Lougin. St. Gallen. Glisten. Allen.
Ol p.tas. Brooklj nite. Durazzo, Sals, KIHIdea,
Rarrfolph, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — One and an eighth miles;
three-year-old? and ur>; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 5— Audience, 111 (Phillips).. 4 4 lh
4 to 1— Brigand 05 (Hlldebrand). 3 3 2 2 3
7 to 1— Colonsay. 96 (O'Connor).. 1 11 3 4
Time. 1 :.~>4 1-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. S. I. Brown's ch. f. by Sir Dixon-
Sailie 'McCklland. Little Em also ran.
FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs; three-year
olds and up- the Coney Island handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3U to 1 — Lady Uncas, 96 (Kun:).. 4 2^11)
G to 1 — Broomstick, llrt (Burns).. 5 5h 2 Hi
7 to 1— Ingold. 102 (Hlgglns) 7 81 3H
Time 1:13 4-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. T. L. Watt's b. m. by Ben Strome-
I'rudenee. Divination. Lady Amelia, Hurst
Fark, Salvatella, Gold Saint. New York, Witch
craft. Stalwart, Cloten. River Pirate, Magis
trate.' Orthodox, finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; the Daisy
stakes for two-year-olds: .
letting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to l— St.Bellane, 114 (Phillips) 5 4 H 1 ns
4 to 5— Diamond. 117 (Odom) 1 1 Vi 2 2
4 to 1— Niblick. 119 (Redfern)... 2 3 1 31 •
Time 1 :01 3-5. Start bad. Won driving.
Winner, E R. Thomas' ch. g. by St. Gatien-
Bellar.e. Gamar. Agile, Pasadena, finished as
named.
SECOND RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
purse; for maiden three- year- olds and up: -
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
1 to 3— Mercury. 109 (Hildbrnd> 4 3 \<x 1 IVj
30 to 1— Ldy Prudence.107 (Mrtn) 1 4 12 2
15 to 1— Auromaster. 109 (Hgns) 9 9 3 1
Time, 1:20 1-5 start poor. Won easily.
Winner H. B. Duryea's b. g. by Meddler-
Tulla Blackburn. Commonata. Cataline, Ty
ron Belle of Portland, The Cub. Mutiny. Pat
agonian. Bovler Pond Lily, finished as named.
Considering his weight, 116 pounds,
and the fact that he was outrun -or
outhustled in the early part of the race,
Broomstick's performance was excel
lent Lady Uncas was making her
first appearance of the season to : day.
She won the same race last year,
carrying 100 pounds and running the
distance over a heavy track in 1:17.
Summaries:
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs on Futurity
course for two-year-olds: >
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1«— Pt. Royal. 122 (O'Neill) 2 11 1 2J,
40 to 1— Phoebus. 115 (Martin). 4 SH»l)i
C to 1— Gld. Sunrise.115 (Chrn) 3 2»3')
Time, 1:02. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. N. Bennington's br. c. by Rapallo-Mrs.
Delaney. Torehello, Aeronaut, Wild Irishman,
finished as named.
The winner proved to be Lady Uncas,
at 40 to 1. She was well handled
by King and lasted long enough to
be awarded the decision In as close a
finish as the Judges have had to. de
cide this year. In another stride
Broomstick would have won.
The race was run on the main track.
Reliable had been assigned 138 pounds,
but aNpenalty of five pounds for win
ning after the weights were announced
brought his impost up to 143 pounds,
and his owner wisely, scratched him.
This left Hurst Park the top weight
of those down to start, but wise heads
did not think any too well of his
chances when they recalled the fact
that at Morris Park he was slow to
begin. He ran well enough, however,
to prove he will do to back in a smaller
field. <
SHEEPSHEAD BAY, June 17.— Close
finishes kept the Judges as well as the
public on the alert to-day at the
grounds of the Coney Island Jockey
Club. The attendance was surprising
ly large. In the most important event 1
of the day, the Coney Island Handicap
at six furlongs, there were fifteen
starters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIXTH RACE — Purse; three-year-olds and
up; one mile and seventy yards.
C to 1— Gaslighter, 107 <Neely). 3 4 3 Ink
30 to 1— Wall. 109 (Wolff) 5 3 2 2 1
10 to 1— Goo Goo. 102 (Ltndsey). 4 12 3 1
Time, 1:53. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, G. C. Baker's ch. h. (4) by Lamplighter-
Emerald Edna Daniels 82, Feronia 102.
Maud Wallace OS. Miss Eon. 102. George Viv
ian 103 Mildred L' SS, Dawson 106, Falkland
96 Lynch 100. finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — Purse; four-year-olds and
up; seven furlongs.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1— Velos, 10S (Rice) 10 4 8 1 Hi
lOtol— Jer. Hunt. 115 (Emblen) 5 2 1 2 6
10 to 1— Conundrum,115 (Howell) 1 12 3 1
Time. 1:32 Start poor. Won easily. Winner,
Oneal & Egan> b. g. (4) by Hamburg-Dart
away. Gallagher won. but was disqualified.
Basileus 115. Little Lois 10S. Ciales 115, Irby
Bennett 111 Avoid 106 Colonel Ballantyne
118. Velasquez 115. Caithness 113. Gallagher
113i finished as named.
Time.- 1:18. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, Mrs. F. J. Kittleman's ch. h. (4) by
Onondaga- Patty of Cork. Floral Wreath 97,
Warte Nicht 106 Casso 101. Follies Bergeres
US, Rebo 101, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Purse; three-year-olds;
six furlongs. \
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
2<} to 1— Foxy Kane, 107 (Crwfrd) 2 12 1 1H
5 to 1 — Commodore, 101 (Davis) 1 2 3 2 nk
15 to 1— Bugler. 97 (Austin) 8 5 H 3 1*4
THIRD RACE — Purse; two-year-olds; five
furlongs:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2— Dishabille, 111 (Dale).. 2 12 15
5 to 1— Llm. Girl, 105 (Austin) 4 3 0 24
10 to 1— Monaco Mald.lOS(Andsn) 5 4 3 3 4
Time, 1:04. Start fair. Won galloping.
Winner. Bennett & Co.'s br. f. (2) by Kings
Counsel-Nightgown. Ollie Burnett 105, Zuluka
d'Or 105,' My Eleanor 106. Gay Adelaide 108,
finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Puree; three-year-olds and
up; six and a hair furlongs:
H«tlng. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
30 to 1— Wolfram. 1(T2 (Stoval)..ll 12 14
8 to 1— Tom Crabb.108 (Hodges) 5 3 2 2 3
10 to 1— Lady Fonse.S3 (Andersn) 9 8 1 3 n
• Time. 1:25%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, ..T. iKlley's b. g. (4) by Wagner-Fancy.
Bern* Hughes 95 Lord Haven 103, Potter 105,
Caterpillar 1C-4. Dr. Sharff 104, Aino 109, Howl
ing Dervish 102, Atlas 101. Blanco 107, Axares
1C"J, Behoove 104. finished as named.
It was announced to-day that Her
mls would be shipped West next week
to run In the World's Fair handicap.
Witful and Bondage were also shipped
here for the race. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Purse; two-year-olds; four
and a half furlongs: '
Betting. Horse, Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
•M to 1— Monogram. 101* (Davis). 1 1 ft 1 M
20 to 1— Dotage. 05 (Plunkett)... 5 2 3 2 »j
5 to 1— Wlllowdene,10« (Watson) 3 6 2 3 1H
Time, :K».' Start fair. Won driving. Winner,
G. W. Hoppers" br. f. (2) by Lampilghter-Ma
rlet. i Dipper US, Bavarian «5. Prev«ntatlve »8
Covtna 104, , Tim Hurst 1C6, Mellwood 80. Jar
din ile Paris 100, A Lady 98, Inflammable 05,
Sylvan Belle 106. Capuin Hralaskl loo, Swed
ish Lad 107,' finished as named.
ST. LOUIS, June 17. — Foxy Kane
awakened from a long sleep and gal
loped home first in the mud at odds of
20 to 1 in to-day's Fair Grounds fea
ture. R«bo, the even money favorite,
was beaten off. Long shots had a field
day and the public fared badly.
Bernays, favorite for the $50,000
stake here, will be given another pub
lic workout in the Club Members'
handicap Saturday. If he wins he will
take up six pounds in the race on the
25th inst.
Special Dispatch to. The Call.
Commuters Use Their Clubs
to Advantage and Hammer
Mr. lberg Hard at Times
ALLOWS BUT ONE TALLY
Oakland's Big Twirler Shows
the Northern Crowd How to
Deceive Cunning Batsmen
International Contest Is
Fought Out on the Road
With Keckless Audacity
English Lad Kules Favorite
Over the Other Candidates
for American Derby Honors
Coffroth and Pollock Will
Meet Champion Jeffries
To-Day to Discuss Fight
Winner Is at Odds of
Forty to One in the
Ring.
Foxy Kane Gallops Home
at Long Odds at St.
Louis Track.
Pinkerton With Best of the
Start, Beats The Mist
but a Head.
CONEY ISLAND HANDICAP IS CAPTURED
FOR THE SECOND YEAR BY LADY UNCAS
BUCHANAN FANS
ELEVEN BROWNS
ON HOME FIELD
THERY OF FRANCE
VICTORIOUS IN
AUTO CUP RACE
HARBIN SPRINGS
WILL BE SCENE
OF A WAR TALK
HORSES OF CLASS
READY TO START
IN GREAT RAGE
Errors — Van Haltren, MoWer. Smith. Wil
liams. Toman. Flood. Wheeler. W. Hall.
Earned runs — Seattle 2. Los Angeles 4. Two
bane hits — Frisk. Van Haltren. Toman, Crav
ath. Chase. Stolen base— Chase. Sacrifice
hits — Flood. Wheeler, Cravath. Bases on
ball*— Off Wimarrs 2. oft W.Hall 1. Hit by
pitched ball— By William* 1. by W. Hall' 2.
Struck out— By WIliamK 3. by W. Hall 2.
Left on banes— Seattle !». Los Angeles 10. Tiro«
of game — One hour 45 minutes. Umpire* —
McDonald and McCarthy.
SUMMARY
Seattle 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 0 1—3
Base hits 1 1 1 1 1 2 1 1 2—11
Los Angeles 1 1 0 2 0 0 3 0 0 — 7
Base hits 1 2 6 4 1 0 3 2 0—13
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, . SATURDAY, JUNE IS. 1901.
AMERICAN DERBY WILL BE RUN TO-DAY AT WASHINGTON PARK, CHICAGO
VERNON AMENDS. — 'Howard Vernon,
stenographer of the Police Court,, who is
cuing to compel Auditor Baehr to issue war
rant> for his balary for four month*, yesterday
filed an amended complaint specifying the as
signment, each month, of his pay to Ruth B.
ArwiBoa. ¦¦ ¦ • - -
Sixth race, one mile, selling — Step. Around
won. Handpress second. Colonel Van third.
Time. 1:42>4.
Third race, seven furlongs, . selling— The
Stewardess won, ¦ Montana Peeress second,
Hlrponax third. Time, 1:28.
Fourth rare, one and an eighth miles, hurdle,
handicap — Milan won, Jim Bozeman second,
Knmeo third. Time, 2:02%.
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs, selling —
Dolly H won. Young Pepper second. Virginia
Boy third. Time. 1:22.
First race, five furlongs, selling — Nanon won.
Judge Napton second. Skip Me third. Time,
1:02. . .
Second race, six furlongs — Marelio won. Al
gcretta second, nourish third. Time, 1:15
SEATTLE. June 17. — Racing summary at
The Meadows:
Racing at The Meadows.
Courslnjr Notes.
The case of H. H. Lyons, who was
ruled off for assaulting Judge Curtis at
Los Angeles, was referred to a commit
tee made up of Captain Clarkson, John
Sutton'and John Grace, with full power
to act. • r.'.'..
The greyhounds In T. J. Cronin's ken
nel are coughing, the affected ones in
cluding Fair Tralee and Hudson. • They
have what corresponds with la grippe
in human beings. Rubber Ankles, which
has the same complaint, is improving.
Jimmy Britt Is Coming West.
Jimmy Britt is appearing: in his
monologue In Pittsburg to-night and
will then start for St. Louis. He will
remain at St. Louis next week and will
come home from there. He has al
ready signed a contract for- his next
season, . which . commences in August.
11THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; JUNE 18, 1904.
12
I^IPLOVMEXT WAXTED — FEMAI.K.
GERMAN, superior, first-class cook; also a
German s-cond girl: both wish situations ln
same house. See J. F. CROSETT & CO..
3:J4 Sutter St.
EXPERIENCED children's nurse desires posi-
tion to taks full charge; a fine sewer; Ger-
man. Address Nurse, Call branch, 300
Hayes st.
A YOUNG woman with god reference for
laundry work and house cleaning; first-class
work; $1 50 day. See landlady, 777>i
Market St. ,
YOJ>'XG lady, experienced, with exceptional
ability, wish's position as stenographer; btst
references. Box 1130, Call office.
A COMPETENT lady wishes a position as
working housekeeper or cook in country.
4CJ Grove.
LAUNDRESS wents work by day; 2 first
days In week. 743 Folsom; phone Red 577.
WOMAN wishes plain washing to do home;
reasonable. . Apply 129 Clara St.. ln rear.
A FIRST-CL'ASS maid wishes to go traveling
with a !«dy: goo<1 packer; best references.
Call, cr write 13S4*» O'Farrell st.
EXPERIENCED German nurse wants care of
Infant or invalid; city or country; has best
of references. C19 Eddy st. : phone Hyde 2SMCJ.
STENOGRAPHER with sev-ral years of ex-
perience desire* position; country preferred.
Address 44 Woodward avenue, city.
SEWING by the day; good fitter: shirtwaist
r eults made in a day; $2 a day. 38A 8th it.
ADVERTISEMENTS. *ubsc:Iptlons received at
* Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts. I
WANTED — 5400 at 1 per cent per month;
good security. J Box 1075. Call office.
KMPI,OY.11EXT.\VA\TEU— MALB.
PORTER; sober, handy man; references: can
wash dlshrs. etc. Apply this morning to
' Porter, basement 405 I^cavenworth st.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind; under-
stands care of horses, cows, garden, etc., or
housework. Box 356S Call.
MAN and wife want work of any kind. In the
south preferred. Box 21C1. Call.
HOTEL manager, caterer or steward: flrteen
years" references, four years as manager. C.
P. R. Railroad. Southsrn Pacific; hotel and
club references; English: aga 35; married-
no family. Box 3517. Call office.
Al BARTENDER wishes position; city or
country: flrst-class references. Address A.
- F. BROWN, El Dorado Saloon. Montgomery
and Sacramento sts.
YOUNG man with flrst-class education and 3
years' experience in .business wishes posi-
tion: quick handwriting: reliable; Industri-
ous; best references. C. H., Brooklyn Hotel.
NURSE (male) requires position; graduate
training school; six years' experience mental
cases; flrst-class references. P. R., 1235 Mar-
ket at. ¦'.---
CARPENTER, cabinet maker; thoroughly ex-
perienced; good workman; steady, sober;
also good draughtsman; wants work; S3
a day. * Box 1087. Call.
BOBER. energetic young married man, good
education, wants position; experienced In
clubs and grocery business. Box limy. Call.
YOUNG man and wife want positions on a
dairy; wife for general housework: man
good milker. Box 2184, Call office.
CUBES RTTPTTrax:.
HUNTER'S Positive Rupture Holder. $10; no J
discomfort. I SiHJ MarKet St.: send for circular, j
mS.VTlSTS.
A NEW plate — Th« Whalebone — Cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, $-'{50; fillings, 30c;
plates. $3: full- set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 2-1 Sixth.
r>R. LUDLIJM HILL. 1443 Market, nr.Eleventh
— Xo charge lor extracting when plntes are
made; old plates made over like n*w; terth
treni $S per set: extracting Me: gas given.
ARTHUR CH1SHOLM. suiReon-dentlst.r.ll.lst
floor. Phelan bid.. 80C MarUet. cor. O'Farrell.
Peris Dental Parlors. 2:15 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set t«eth. ?1 50 up: crowns.$2 up: fll!lngs,25c.
FECE cxnmlnatton with chsit at the New
York Dentists. Uti> Mission st.. SE. cor. Cth.
GOLD fillings. 7fic: rllver. K5c: crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sun-.Jays. Dr.O. B.Hewttt. 204 Suttr.
DRESSMAKERS AM) SgAJlSTREitSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking &> Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve, class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knlfe-plaltlng. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
UUL'OATIOXAL. \
A BIGOER . school than ever. On June 1 wa
moved to new fireproof bulldinsr. 738 Mission
»t./ between Third and Fourth: more space:
finer rooms: better li o -ht: ttutst in the West;
coma ami ste. 3. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A — T1IK i'aul Geraon School of Acting gives
more performance and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special summer courte. 414 Mason.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 2t POST, S. j
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
ard 'light sessions; illustrated catalogue tree.
A— CHICAGO BUSINeFs~COLLEGE. 14r,5 Mar-
ket. guarantees posltionsto graduates: Pit- :
• man shorthand, typlns. bookkeeping: $S mo.
AYRES. the leading business college. 72.1 Mar-
ket et. ; established IS yearn; special discount
during month of June; catalogue free.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrlclty.24 Post
St.. S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING— Adults. Mon. and Frl. evgs; Juve-
niles. Sat. 2 to 5: prlv. lessons dally. Find-
lay's Hall, 17th, bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERINCT-Clvn, elec. ailn., mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev. ; eat. 1861. Van
dcr Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ARITHMETIC, algebra.bookkeeplnp.shorthand;
day, eve. Western Bus. College. 1107 Market.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 925 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F. ; 75-page catalog on request.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per mo. ;
mandolin club, $1 per mo. 828 Halght st.
PIANO lessons. 28c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
EMPI.6YMENT OFFICES. '
A-r-ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 420 Powell at.; tel. Main 8783.
JAPANESE-Chlneso Emp. Office, 415 Stockton-
best help.- Fritz Tamagaki, mgr.; tel. Bush 859.
RELIABLES Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main S1S3.
CHINESE! and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clar.
Br*IXK55 or wen* — rnntlnt«»«'«"
A— CAMERON * CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St.. corner Market, and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR eale — Well-furnished C-room ark, moored
one hour's rids from city; fine chance tor
summer outlnc; alio tor winter shooting and
fibbing; all moilera conveniences; new. one
year; prioo $2200 complete. CAMERON St
CO.. 3 Eddy st. ¦ -
FOR sale — Well-located bazaar nnd furnishing
gnads business; cheap r»nt; 0% years' lease:
one of the best transfer corners in city; do-
ing Up<? business; oth^r Interests cause eale;
price $W.00. See CAMERON & CO V 3 Kddy.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Col.: assays $-S0 to J70 ton: trndo
for rmg.-hse. or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR rale— Electrical and locksmith business;
ontral location; established !) years; rent
$:;(); clears $00 to $100 per month: price $500;
must sell on account of other business. CAM-
ERON £z CO.. 3 Kddy st^ ,
FOR sal« — Carriage nnd wogon factory and
g.-nerul jobbing; established 27 years;. well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc.;
full Investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO., a Eddy st.
FOR sale — Grocery and bar ln Hayes Valley.
Bor particulars, box S3S. Call office.
LOOGI\G-HOtSKS KOK SALE.
A. CAMERON &. CO.. Phono South 1030.
3 Eddy fct., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Iloomlng-houaes, Hotels and
All Kinds of Businesa Chances.
C5 rooms: best downtown ..imerclal house
ln city; clearing: now $."UX) per month; every-
thing first-class condition: will trade for Oak-
land. Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
ln California; must leave city.
17 rooms; rent only $70; fine little apart-
n:<?nt-house; sickness; must sell; snap; $700.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished:
cl«-a!ing ?r.oo to Stiw per month: must sell on
account of other business: or.ly with us.
73 roorr.s; grand new building: elegantly fur-
r.ish"d; cheap rent: 10 jt-ars" lease; close ln;
clears $4u<) per month: J4&0U down, balance 8
per cent per annum: departure.
24 rooms: rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition:
good lease.
220 rooms: new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance;
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $500
per month; to be sold at a bargain on account
of departure.
8 rooms; fine upper flat: rent only $30; can
be had by paying $15o down, balance time;
J450.
32 rooms: cheap rent: 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances: everything In
first-class rondltionr' sooU furniture and car-
pets: clearing now $200 per month; If run
transient can clear $300 to $350 per month;
here Is best proposition In city; price $3200.
7-room flat: rent $40: oak furniture; coed
carpets; sickness; price $350. -*
W6_ rooms; cheap rent: new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house: . has fine
bar; can be run In conjunction If desired:
rare chance for right parties; part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of tlr* house: other busi-
ness Interests demand immediate departure.
, 14 rooms; rent only $57; oak furniture: good
carpets; {art cash, balance time; price $900.
105 rooms; cheap rent: flrst-class up-to-date
¦ commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished;
little apartment-house; reduced - to $1500.
28 rooms: elegantly Tlfr. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
21 rooms: corner; rent only $85: oak fur.;
good carpets; housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
$IC00.
ISO rooms: grand, new, modern apartment-
house: elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent: fine lease; paying; >500 to $600 per month;
close in- full nice people: bargain If taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
12C rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights: long lease; clears $4(K> to $500 per
month: one of the best buys ln the city. • ¦
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses
and business, for exchange or trade, always on
hand. A CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
THIRTT rooms, nicely furnished, lease. . .$-3500
20 room-', all men roomers, low rent.,.. 1000
115 rtonrs. low rent, country transient.. 500O
21 rooms, rent only $55 INK)
40 room*, rent $70. transient 1500
PI rooms, r*nt $:! per room 3400
Mcmy to loan on furniture at low rates.
EITEL & CARP.OLL. 212 Kearny st.
$CO0— TRANSIENT house: 16 rooms; furnished;
3 years' leaae. MERCHANTS 1 AGENCY,
I COSH Market Ft.
$400— NEATLY furnished fiat, 7 rooms, bath,
etc.: two windows to each room: gas and
electricity; rent $.00. MERCHANTS' AGEN-
CY, lOLS'i Market »t.
TO lodging-house people! $!S00 buy* 22-room
hous<? on ?Jarket st.; clearing $100 un per
mon'h; steady roomers and neat house. Se^
Eureka Realty Company, 78-T.a Market Bt.
42 ROOMS— Cor., near R. R depot: roomg all
full; clears $125 per month: rent $3 t>er rm. ;
or.-ncr rick, muct cell; $2:>5O. Box 453. Call.
35-P.OOM Markf-t-st. house; busy corner; Al
transient; I will sell at lr.w figure or ex-
change. Box :54.sn. Call office.
LODGING-HOIPE In Tonopah for sale; 20
rooms; r.Il full; rents fV tn $1 23 per day.
AfidmM box ."9'.». ' Call off.ee.
$300 — 10-room. lodylrKT-rifUPe; always full; In-
come $"!0. Inquire S"-'J Howard st. after 12 m.
FOR '.a\c — 11 ron:r.f; always full; sunny corner;
leaving city. 201 Sixth st.
FOR rale— Lo(!(tin>:-houpo: 231 Third st.; 20
rooms; owner slcit; price $030; rent $75.
fil'miTUALlSM. '*
llhs. J. J. WHITNEY,
Clairvoyant, trance, business medium and life
reader. 12C0 Market St.. Gait House.
MRS. CON NOLL. US Sixth «t.— Trance
jtntoluni; mt'ctlnc ev*ry night, 10c; ladies'
c'.rclo every Wednesday at 2 o'clock, 10c.
PRO' 7 " TKI3D EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
f'.ate-wrlter. 1112 Eddy st. : phone Scott 6S7.
CLAIRVOYANTS. '
ASSURED Success for You.
Call at once and save $4.
His famous (3 readings this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1- $1
No chars* — No charge
Unless you obtnin the Information for
which you consult him. ¦ .
l'AUL DESTINE. f
The firrt registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever ln San Francisco.
Read cart-fully. -An lioncFt proposition.
(You to b> lull Judge.)
I do hereby solemnly acres and guarantee
to make no charge if I fait toitell your name,
cremation and vrtict you 1 clUd for; I tell
you If husband,' wife or lover\3 true or false,
whom and when you will marry, how to gain
the love cf the one you desire; in fact, I will
t«-ll you evrry hopp, ffar or ambition better
then jo" can tell yourself; his advice is re-
liable, his powers are wonderful and . Indis-
putable; he improves your character so that
you will reach the highest possible develop-
ment in mental ar.d bodily vicar, health,
l-appincBs and capacity to earn wealth: th*
controlling power Implanted ln your nature,
to you can control any one secretly; gives
advice on mining nr.-l buried treasure; gives
vou success in life; he guarantees you 8Uc-
ce*s or charge* nothing for his services. 10
a m. to 8 p. m. ; closed Sunday.
32C O'Farrell street — :I2(5.
1! ME. "mTbERN A RD, " ~ THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and bUElnsps medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st., next Examiner
bids.; she reads your life correctly., gives an
.accurate description of th» past, reveals the
pi*sent hBppenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with - lite, or
have domcetlc. love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will bo told
how to overcome them; valuable advice in
all affairs of life; 25c up: satisfaction guar-
anteed; readings by mail. Tel. Black 45t>0.
MME. K. 1JOTHKNBERG, greatest clairvoyant
and spirlttaal medium; assured success for you
- by consulting heron matters of business, such
aa love, marriage, law suits, family troubles.
• etc. :consu!tat!on with Mme.Kothenberg would
tr.erm success, enlightenment, absolute happl-
¦neFs; business confidential; hot:** io a.m. to 8
p.m. : Sundays 9 a.m. to 1 P.m. MME. ROTH-
EXBERG. 1371 Ellls.bet.Laguna & Buchanan
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given;25o up. 633 Howard,bet.4thA5th.
DCSIXESS CHANCES. j
.V^$iHco7ojRNEU sal.tn: pjosc to Gutter si.; j
p:ace estab. y«ars; dolnjr/ao excellent bus.-,
ne*s; lease; rent #115: net r«6t $*»; <-*r&:\* I
nxture«. B»« K. iJ. W1LKE.S 2S» i.Kearny.
A— JI3.U00; BARROOM; owner never cicars j
lets than ?H»C0 j.cr month: location ar.d bast- j
!ici!s oar.'t ba beat, JC. O. V. iLlvi., <w;i j
Kearny Ft.
A— tSlu: PAKTNEH war-t?d in u.'ftoe of tnanu-
fac«urer'» us-nt; a ili>.t-cla?3 otTer lor anoil
Bian; ?Cif,t io be Invested In business; ofnee
clears about $230 per maath. See R. u.
WILKF.. ri^i Kearny st.
A— $7'J0; BAKEBT scrcas the Lay; c.-»tabllsh-;<l
Jf-ars and dolr-.g a r.i»t-c!ajs paying store
trale: vaJutr In i!iM. All i-aruiulara 1-
U. AVILKi:. 2<iS Ki-arny it.
A— ¦*CO0;~YOl»NU an<i active man wnnted to
run triJl rtx.m In ono of tlio finost barrr.oms
ln this oity: no r«>nt t.. par: rsf»-rences vant-
eij. fc'ep J'.. O. WIJ.KK. 2iHi Kearny st^
A— $1I«O; CORNCR zro<----ry an«t bar oa chclc-
ett lucailcn ot Devlaidero st.: must bo solJ
at once, on account o:' neath in family; leaee;
r«nt $47 B0; ¦ Bplandld :ind r=re clmnce. Sea
K. O WII.rCE. S«% KerirnvjflL
A— 922S0; CORNBB *alocn on Montgomery *t. ;
eatablishei taany years; r»-nt SS5: lease; a
K<>od-payi«sr ple.ee and welt advertised. Coll
H. G. WJLXE. MVj Krarny tV
A— $2200; ROADIIOUSE! Roadhouse! Roed-
bc-jee: With 1- furnished rooms; rent $t0;
!ear«: a first-class raying resort. See R. G.
WILKE. 2C% Kearey st.
A — fSOO: COIiNER saloon; rer.t $20; a splendlu
location In the Mission: place doing a. busi-
ness of about $15 per day. R. O. WILKE.
2C^4 Kearny £t.
A— $3500: ELEGANT barroom, with meccan-
tl!e lunch; en Montgomery st.. vicinity of
California: place must, be sacrificed on ac-
couct of !!1 heaith or owner. See K. O.
WILKE. 2CVb Kearny St.
A— S4V): BARKER shop: 3 chairs; best location I
ln the Mission; rent $!5. See R. G. WILKE, (
CCV.- Kearny «.
A— $2."C0; SALOON; choicest lrcatlon on Mar-
ket **t.; lo»- rent; good lease: elegant fix-
tures and a first-clasn paying business. Call
R. G. WILgg. 26% Kearny st.
A— ?t00: CHOrHOrSL" and coffee saloon, opp.
cable l-.o % j«e; place «'*tab. years, with steady
and transient customers; owner clears ab^ut
$175 p?r month. See R. G. WILKE. 2U^j
Krarny *t.
A— PHUGSTOnE. drugstcre. drugstore; price
(1560; established 27 ytars; lease 5 years;
rent $00; one of the best paying Btoro? In this
city; owner to retire. Call R. G. WILKE.
204 Kearny et.
A — $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
rr>om*. kitchen and dining-room. 37 beds,
good furniture; 'ea.^o; place paying well. See
R. G. WILKF.. 2«Vi Kearny St.
A— $2(K)0; SALOON, vicinity Market. Kill* and
Stockton sts.; rent $150; lease: place estab-
lifh?-'J years; nrft-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2C% Kecrry Et.
A— $:O0; BRANCH bakery and delicatessen
stort- with 4 rooms; rent $23; fine location:
pood business. See R. G. WILKE. 20H
Kearny et.
A — $:I75 cigar stand, transfer corner; rent $23;
pood paying i.lace. R. G. Wllke. 2C*i Kearny
NOTICE TO HARDWARE MEN —
We have listed on our books an old estab-
lished store in splendid location that clear*
f350 up x.er month; stock will more than In-
voice price askfd and no d"«d stock; we can
convince you that this Is the biggest barpaln
in this l'r.o in S. F. ; price. SSOoO. For further
particulars call at El'REKA REALTY CO..
78."J!- Market Ft.
FOR ALL INTENDING GOING INTO
BUSINESS—
We have a thoroughly up-to-date lift of busi-
ness bargains of a!l kinds; if you have not
found the place you are looking for. call on us
and %v«> feel fjre that we will be able to locate
you to your satisfaction. EITREKA REALTY
CO.. 7S3is Market st., near 4th. rooms 3 and 4.
TO OIGAP. MEN—
$350 buys good paying cigar stand near Mar-
ket st. with reasonable rent. Apply at EU-
RFKA REALTY CO.. 7S3U Market tt.
Don't work for others; be your own boss; l?arn
the r»al estate business and start In for your-
self; we make you our special representative
r.nd teach you the business by mall, we fur-.
r.iEh large list of salable property and assist
you to <>arn from J2000 to S*.t<!0 annually:
write for free booklet and particulars. H. W.
CROPS & CO., 204 Tacoma bldg., Chicago.
PACIFIC Rea! Estate Co., 1015 Market st.
?30: cigrar store, at corner saloon.
$300; eaioon, on busy street; near market.
?125: no competition; grocery and liquors.
$15C0; half finest roadbcuse In Alameda Co.
$2500; nartrrr: elegantly fur. hotel and bar.
$12<X) and $550; swell flats. Van N?ss ave.
HOTEL for sale ln a good business town In
San Joaquln Valley: building ccntalns 52
rocms. office, bar. billiard and card rooms;
houae and furniture ln first-class condition;
will sell reasonable and on easy terms or fcr
cash. Box 822. Call office.
CHARCOAL burners — We have 200 acres
heavy <>ak. manzanita and madrone timber
io urn Into charcoal: will sell for royalty
cr percentage: three miles frcm R. H. ; down
bill: easy to rvach. Hermosa Ranch Co.,
Cloverdale. Cal.
$350— SECURES 'j Interest In fine payinjr com-
mission buFinef* clearing floO monthly to
<-ac!i; references exchanged: experience un-
nrcrjisary. but mu.t be s=ob?r and reliable.
Particulars, lCC7^j Market St., room 1.
$1200— GROCERY and barroom; well stocked;
prominent corner, including 3 fiats paying
half rent; 5 years' lease; rent $70; price
J1200: cause. Eickness, MERCHANTS'
AGENCY, 10OSH Market st.
FOR tale — Coffee, tea and spice route over
IS years' standing; sell us on account of re-
tiring fvom business. For particulars in-
quire at 110 Front st., between 11 a. tn.
nnd 1 p m.
WANTED — A partner with about $400 in a
business that will pay big every month. In
raising an article that Is In demand ln al-
most every restaurant. Particulars. box
252S. Call office.
ONE of the best groceries in the Mission for
bale, as a whole or in part; good family
liquor trade. Address box 100S. call office.
HOTEL end restaurant. Klmburst. for .rent;
good location: liberal terms. Inrjuira of K.
B. & A. L. STONE CO., WX) Broadv.-ay, Oak-
land.
$2<XS)— BONA f.de bargain in new enterprise :
Hire to make $30o<j to $5WI yc-.r; monopcly
on goirfis celling ~at a lartre profit; chance of
a lifetime. Tor particulars, box 1C72, Call.
A NICELT located restaurant for sale, eltu-
Rtcl among large lc<5*ir.g houses. I nm com-
I.ellej to leave the £iate or would not think
selling. T-ox 7S4. CfeU office.
I AM anxious to get Into the grocery business
in San Francisco. If you have one for sale
please address with full particulars, price,
etc.. box Ml. Call, office.
SALOONS from ?30O to ?1 0.003; lodging houses,
hotels rrom-$.lr,0 to 112,000. RERG, ARM-
STRONG & CO.. r.IS Kearny st.
FOR «,al»— Wpll-paylng rr.Mk route, 7 cowf,
hcrze :uid v.-ri^-un. en Recount of elchnc'eb.
Inquire H00 Guerrero Et.
RESTAURANT for Ftle; Just the thing for
man ard wife. Apply iCS Hayes Et. ; easily
clears ?5 a day.
ENERGETIC man with $1000 can make "$10."
000; somsthinir extra; investigate. Bos 1U74
Call office.
FOR wile— A restaurant In the Min«lon; trans-
fer corner; place !s paying weiL Address
_bcx 087. Coll offlre.
FOR sole — A completely furnished hotel in
I'etaluma: rent low; 25 rooms; will sell rea-
sonable. Addrers box S07. Call office. '
$273 — CANDY and fine pastry store; C25 Tay-
Icr: 3 nicely furni*hed rooms and base-
ment: electricity; large stock: bargain.
WANTED — To buy a grocery store across the
bay. Oakland. Berkeley or Alameda. Ad-
dress box S77. Call office.
A— PARTXEH wanted in milk buslnene! Ad^
dress box 8SL Call of flee.
FOll sc!e — Neat little lunch place ; S ood location-
i-wntf leaving- city. UZSVj Mission st.. nr.Jlth!
MILLINERY bufln^Ks for sale; a bargain. Call
<:r addrers 221'J Ekattscfc ave., Berkeley.
nESTAUHANT in factory district for sale!
Addxcsa box F. Call Branch. 1.-41 MIksIou ;-i.
SALOON license and fixtures for sale. See
owner. 1 to 2 or 0 to 7 p. m., 500 Howard Ft.
SALf;CN for v 1 * it a bargain, on account of
sickness. Hi 1 - Second st.
CIGAli e'.and " and bllljard hall. 1C5 Seventh
st. ; cheap.
SPLENDID chance to buy a well-located, Icng-
eitablif hed business. 2C3 Fourth st.
HA1RDRHS3ERS — Call end s*e iny place-
nmn spM; make offer. 1153 Market st.
CALL route for talp; a f.ae large Cal! route
in the city cf AIamp.ua. Box 2179. Call.
FOR Bale — A restaurant ln Napa, doing a fine
bjBincss. Bex 25C3. Call office.
FINE newspaper route for sale! Inquire at
this office. .
CLAIRVOYANTS — CnnUnncil.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO
WITNESS THK WONDERFUL D1SMON-
' BTICATIONS of the NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
For a reliable and intelligent clairvoyant
reading go to LIVINGSTONE, 428 Eddy st.
He asks you no auctions, but tcl.s yuu
what you \vlih to know.
He does not mention all the ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts In your case. Let PROFESSOR
LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that nr?
troubling you, find the cause of trouble and
hupgest the remedy.
He is as conspicuous for his wonderful oc-
cult analysis as he is for his original ex-
pression and vivid truthfulness. . .
Would It not be a relief to know how you
will succeed, to be relieved of the matters that
are troubling you and of tlie schemes of your
enemies, that you may meetwith better suece«3?
A te?t reading U net a life reading. When
you call on PROF*. LIVINGSTONE he will
Klve you a full life reading for $1.- A test
is of little value; when the mind ,1s troubled
you need more substantial aid and advi«.
Permanently located 428 EUdy ft.; 'i sep-
arate reception pnrlors. Lady attendant.
Hours. 10 a. in. to 8 p. m.
MME. PORTER. celebrated clairvoyant i,. -<lum,
card reader, born with a double vel! nnc seo-
ond sight, tells past, present nnd future; !.
r»l)e, k. by card» $1: palmistry and clairvoyant
«lt.. $1 50. 2S0 O'Farrell «t.. near Mason.
A— Miss M. WIIIp. 3.'5O Ellis, clairvoyant crys- i
lal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly |
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion: names given: special. ?1: hours 10 to 8.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, clairvoyant, business m«-
' dlum: advice on mining fz Invest.; devel.clr.
Thurs.. 8. 020 O'Farrcll; tel. Hyde 1707.
Mrs.A.H.Kror.enbi*rg.p»!mtst, clairvoyant. card
reader:vih"!j othors fall try me:good readings
2r>c. 721 Franklln.nr.G.G:ave.TeI.Larkln<2OT.
MIPS WAP.D. clairvoyant, frlvn nnme-. dates
and. fact*: nrgdt.iZH dally. !)1i Market st.
MME. MARSEAU, card reader, .540 Minna St.;
ladles LTjc, Rents COc. . -
MME. ODELL returned ;clalrvoyant, curd read-
er: tea leaves; 25c up. Lower fiat. 220 Eddy.
ISMAR. the celebrated Egyptian reeress. will
return from her vacation July 1. • v
MRS. BAUMANN, the. well-known fcrtune-
tPller. Is now at S17 Ellis st. _^
MRS. SHAFETi clairvoyant card reader slt-
tlngg. dally. 448%-.Tess1e yt.. bet. Sth and Cth.
CARPET ItEATlNG AXD CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Proceei now
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
.without removal; cut pets and rugs are also
cleans by compressed air at shop; prices
' . moderate. I S. F. Compressed 'Air Cleaning
;,' Co.,' 30$ Market St.; phones Main 152 and
. Burti 479. . ¦
WHEN. you become disgusted , with your work
»?nd for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
,1ns, Works. 335-357 Tehama'nt. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth st.— Flrst-elas«
carpet elf anlnc. : 3c yard. Tel; Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1800 Har-
rison st. ; Al cleaning: 3c. Tel. Mission 223.
CONKLIN'S' Superior Carpet-Beating Works.
_30.1 Golden Gate avs. Telephone East 128.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tn-SBes made over. 1432 Howard jtel.South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel." Main 3ftl. GEO. WALCOM &. CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrlion St.; tel. Mission 263.
EMFIX)YME?IT WAXTED— MAIB.
YOUNO man, wfll educated and capable, now
acting as fpecla! coast agent for a larsre
English company, desires to make a penr.a-
rent connection with a responsible house on
'the coast: best of references; Al salesman.
Box IOCS, 1CCS Market st.
WANTED — A Job firing by practical fireman;
several years experience ln England and
America: can run one or. two boilers: w*!i
recommended: or position as watchman. Box
21«4 r Call offlc*. -
RFCTIFIER sober and reliable, familiar with
all branches In wholesale liquor business,
wants good position. Address E. MEYER.
170G K st.. Sacramento^.
YOUNG man and wife want positions; wife is
good cook: man experienced coachman. <Jo
gardening, etc.: city references; city cr sub-
urbs. Eox 1003. Call.
A GOOD hostler and general man about place;
wife good eook and laundress; good refer-
ences. Box 1C91. Call office.
MAN and wife; man a* horse man: woman to
do housework and assist in kitchen. Box
875. Call office.
Painter, paper-hanger, sign writer, wants work;
tools furn. 1272 Folsom st.: phone Mint 131.
JAPANESE student, temperate and reliable,
wants position In small family. Box 2163.
Call.
AN honest young Japanese, who speaks good
English wishes tn make beds or housework.
Y. NAKA. box 1007. Call.
JAPANESE experienced boy wants a situation
as a schoolboy In a family: speaks good
English. K. AOYAGI. 807 Polk it.
JAPANESE Housecleanlng Co.. 620 Larkln st.;
tel. 1758. 8. O. HENRRY.
FLATS TO LET. ~
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT. "
AH desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed in our free renting department; over 1000
ln number; a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fall; service free.
sterling furniture co..
1039 market st..
opposite McAllister.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense l!»t;
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: It will iav« you time anj
trouble. Cord»s Furniture Co.. 213-233
Geary St.. on the square.
NOE. 1C50— Beautiful new flat: sunny corner;
5 rooms and bath; all modern Improvements;
low rent; convenient to Castro and 24th-«t.
cars.
CONNECTICUT. Bl!>. n»ar Twentieth —
Sunny flat; just finished: 5 rooms: bath and
basement; $17.
MASONIC ave.. 1317. near Park — Elegant
sunny, up-to-date upper flat: 7 roome and
bath; rent reasonable.
NEW, sunny 5-room flats; Dutch dining rooms;
Interior cottage effect; coal fireplaces. Lyon
»t.. near Clay.
EIGHTEENTH. 4130, near Castro St.— Mod-
ern upper sunny flat, flv<« rooms, bath and
laundry; rent low; no children.
CASTRO. 646 — Elegant modern sunny top flat.
6 rooms, bath, basement, yard. $23.
FILLMORE, 1124 — "-room fiat; modern; rooms
all light; rent reasonable.
FREDERICK. 3fi7 — 7-room. sunny upper flat;
latest improvements.
VALENCIA. 1310— Lower flat of 4 rooms, with
use of h«th: no children.
A NICE sunny flat. 8 rooms and bath.* 730
Ellis St.. near Stelner.
HAYES. C02. cor. Buchanan — Nice sunny flat;
6 rooms and bath: modern Improvements.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on I. YON & HOAG, 116 Montgomery *t.%
FLATS TO LET — FUUXISHED.
HAIGHT. 120S. Buena Vista, cor. Central »ve.
— Elegantly furnished flats; also unfurnished:
house has n'l conveniences and is situated in
select neighborhcod.
FILLMORE. 11C2. nr. Golden Gate ave.— Flat
cf 7 rooms, furnished. *to let; $35.
FURNIFHED flat; 7 rooms; all sunny. Inquire i
2550 Hovard st.
CAPP, 614 — Furnished 5-room flat:' piano: gas
and coal stove. Call bet. 11 and 4.
FLATS FOR SALE FUHXISHED.
PINE, 732 — Flat: 5 rooms and bath: all fur*-
niture new; must sell account of departure,.
FURNITURE of 4- room flat for sale, cheap; *
leaving city. 782 Harrison St.
FURXITirnE FOR SALE.
YOU can buy $73 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co.. 340 Poet St.. near Powell.
Andersen Auction House. 19 Turk. nr. Market,
furnishes everything for the houae: low prices
FURNITURE, stoves, bought, sold, exchanged.
Barrer. 439 Valencia, nr.l6th. Tel. Church 3879
CHEAPEST place In city for second-hand fur-
nltur*. OSS Geary st. TeL Polk 1477.
FCRXITinE WASTED.
ABE LEVY.
Salesroom. 1133 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc.. until you get bis estimate.
CHAS. LEVY & CO. pay highest price for fur-
niture.carpcta etc. 7S2 Mission: tel. Bush 413.
HELP WAXTED — FEMALE.
IN~GOD~\VE TRUST.
Golden Gate Employment Office, 1211 Ninth
ave.. off II St.. alongside- of Golden Gattt
Park and next door to Public Library; fre«
reading-room for ladies; best help provided
for all purposes, for city and country
throughout the States; smallest office*
charges: employers please pay half the office
fee: meney orders payable to T. SPEAK-
MAN. Station G, San Francisco.
WANTED — Two Protestant cooks, for Ameri-
can family, across the bay. $30 and $:;S:
laundress. $40: 3 nurses. $20 and $23; 3
second girls. $2O and $25; waitress for
springs. 'fare paid bcth ways, $25; 18 other
waitresses, city and country. $25 and $30;
3fl girls for housework, city and country,
$23 and $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT A
CO.. 334 Sutter st.
.
ANDRE'S. 317 Stockton St. — Waitresses for
summer resorts. Marm and Monterey Cetia-
ties; $25; fare advanced.
A COOK, countrj-. $40: second girl. $25: wo^
man with a child. $13. MRS. NORTON. 313
Sutter st. '
GIRLS wanted for seneral housework: 2 girls
wanted. ?20, San Francisco Employment
Burr-au.' 710 Sutter st; references required.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery St..
room 12; waitress, $25.
X— WANTED — Girls to learn Uatrdresstng.
manicuring, etc.: trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks: $3 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately: positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up: leading school in
West. 2."UI Geary <*.. room 13.
A — GIRL to learn millinery row for fall sea-
son; bcth seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $15; position as trimmers,
salesladies, etc. guaranteed at $10 per wit up:
I day and evening clas*. 14.1 Stockton it., r. 13.
Hairdressing. manicuring, massage, sca'.p treat-
ment, hair work, removal superfluous hair; $3 2
wks: day. eve. class; positions re«-ure<1, highest
wages. Removed from l2H»i MUt. to 1U3 Powell.
A RELIABLE, good woman to do cooking and
llyht all-around housework. Call at Novato
House. Novato. Marln County, Cal.
WANTED — Two German girls: one to do ccolc-
Jr.fr and the other to care for 2 children.
Apply at 17CO Fell st.. ccr. Masonic ave.
WANTED — Bright recent graduate pubtlo
schools for paying position. Box 1063, Call.
EXPERIENCED waitresses. 7 Ninth st
— f »
WANTED — By the United .Workinsmen's Boot
& Shoe Co.. lady tag- writer and marker on,
shoes; experienced hand preferred Apply to
supt. at factory. 23th and Bartlett sts.
WANTED — Neat young woman for general
housework: lieht washing; 4 adults; good
room; $25. HO First ave., near Clay st.
TWO lady solicitors to Introduce our goods;
ctty and country: liberal terms. The Oatln*
Co.. 121 Geary st.. room 72t.
EXPERIENCED jrirla wanted in bookbinderv
BROWN- POWER CO.. 508 Clay st.
AN educated youns lady to train for nursins
Apply '-Ills Unlcn st.
GIRL aa companion for old lady and wait
dinner. 7W Van Ness ave.
SI 5 ! ad f 1 ** 3 wan «e«l. Call at room &»»».
Mutual Dank building.
A wS? F i TA^ LE Ont i ng: plck fc °P» ln August.
Write E. Clemens Hornt 122 Battery st.*S.F.
A^ R^ NC m ° fflc# Of The Cal1 Jo^the reception
or advertisements and «ubscriptlons has been.
THB^GALIy
JOHN" D. SPitrXICKLS. . . JPropri^tOf
•Mdr»-« OomsaMleatlca*' t3
V.*. J. l-AKTHV BuslnaBB Manager
~~Ti;.\ VOLLAUS REWAltD.
yotlfy The Call Offlce If You Mls«
Your raiHT.
ti fcr aar cause THX CAIJi i» no* fl *"
Jvcred rssu:«.rlj- ko eubscribera piea«o
ciU ap >CaU E^CKAHOE" tad aotUy
3^*niptic-2 Clerk in chart"*. Your o«a-
V'i»-'~s-i •Ol lecsivs prcstpt attention.
A stan. ilr cv reward cr Tea Dollar*
(313.30) js offered for tt« arrest and
cesriettsa ot any one caa^at sttaline
V&B C*TiTi. ,
TELEPHONE.
+ ** for THE CAl-^. 1 he O»«» l *J" r iH 1 £ 11 "
r-hhcatlon O.'flco Market and Third. 8. F-
Li.ior:*l Kaoma 317 to 281 Stevewon «t.
l>:ivered by- Carrter*. 2U Cts. Fer T3
CM. p« s Hestfa. Sla«le Copies 6 Ct»^.
Tern;« by tiall. Includisg l*o«i««t vCaeh niu
I'AILT CAUL tinclud. Sunday). 1 year.. •»*•""
1<a1I-Y CAU. (luclud. Sunday). t> mot... 4.w
DAIUV CALL— By S!r.s;e Month •»=
eCXOAX CALLs 1 Tear *-|'J:
WEEKLY CALU 1 Year - i-iJi
i i >u • ! v SS s 0 *'er 1 ear Extra
KOROGN ' gSSay-^Xi Her Year Extr*
POSTAGi;. ] M^liy. LOO Per JT««r artm
AlA. i-OSTMAST3EnS ARE AXTTHORlZtD
TO RHCEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS. J
r ample CMfea wilt b< lortiarUed wten re-.
(juwted. I
llaQ FUbrcribers In orderir.s change of ad-
<;«s should t* part.cuter to r've l»th NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in ord«r to insure a
inrnpt and correti compliance wlta tneir re-
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 1CS3
BUEXtZLEY OFFICE: __
t:-fS CtEter Streel Telephone Nortn •«
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
CAJilTL \V. WALL Hotel Earton
NXW YORK NEWS 6TANDS:
Walfiirf-ArtorJa Hctel; A. Urentano. 31
Vri-n Square; V.urray Hill Hotel: FUth-ave-
r.-«- Hoed nr.(3 Hcrfrr.ar. House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House- P. O. News Co.; Great
K. rthtrn Hctti- Tremont House; Auditorium
H;t<?;; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KnOGNESS.-Manjuette Building
'L^ns D:s:anc» Telephone. •'Certral 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEPBES li SMITH »0 Tribune Bulldlri
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
UfSINESS OFFICE cr the San Francisco
< a.!:, corner Market and Third streets; open
catSI 1- o'rtock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
3 CS Market ttreet. opposite Fifth: open until
' 1 X'- rn.
L*~ Montironiery rtreet, corner Clay; open
rntU j:'M v. m.
"'"J llay«"? Etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
«:>' McAllister street; open until 8:30 p. m.
«::.*. Lerkin Etroet; open until 9:30 p. m.
3 :*4I Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
CSI Market etreet, comer Sixteenth; opea
urtil h p. tn.
Jf-6 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
J'*>; Valencia street; open until 0 p. m.
JCertheaft com»r Chorch and Duncan streets;
cpen until 9 D. m.
Ncrthweet corner cf Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
SCV Fl!l35ore rtreet; open until 9 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THE SUMMER.
CAXI. eafcscriber* coatemplatias: a
c^sngr* cf recideace anrias; the rammer
sicata* caa have their paper forwarded
fcy saaU to their new address by aotify-
!rg" TSE CAZ.Ii anElness Ofice. This
raper will also t>e oa sale at all insuner
rescrts aa.d Is represeated h~ a local
fcgeat la tU towns oa the ccait.
MEETIXG NOTICES.
FAN* FRANCISCO Lodjre. U. D.. F. B
and A. M., 317 Devijadero St. — First YY
d^pree THIS EVENING (Saturday). /V\
at 7:30 p. rn. By order of the W. M.
A. A. ANDERSON, Ttmporary Secretary.
CllOCKKTT Lod E » No. 139, F. acd A. m
M. — Officers end members are re- VV
quest. d to assemble at Masonic Tem- Ar\
j.le. KirXDAY. June IP, at £ o'clock
p. m.. for the purpose of conducting- the
Juneral services of our deceased brother
WILLIAM F. MITCHELL, late of Clay
Lodge No. 101. Dutch Flat. Cal. By order
of the W. M.
?L JL. McrHER SOX. Secretary.
MISSION Lodee No. 16f>. F. and A. e
M.— Called roeetinr THIS (SATUR- VV
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o-clock. 7^^
Third dTSree. R. E. ALLAN. Sec. I
REMEMBER the third annual excursion of th«
I. O. O. F. M. W. at Suneet Park. Santa
<"ruz Mountaini«. SfNDAY. June 19 19-J4
Trains leave Third and Townsend Ete. at
S:irj. S:S0, S:45 an< j 9 a. m. 9 o'clock train
stop* at all point*, excepting Twenty-fifth
r.nd Valencia gtn. Adults $1; children 50c.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived api>licat!ons to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from An:ador and Sacramento Irrigation
sn<l Minins Co.. in Dunderhead Mine, at
Mirhigan Car. Bacramer.to County Cal
firaininE into Cocumnes Ri\-er; from 'w K
lmnr-an. fr.. in York lUnch Placer Mine
r.oar Spar:rli riar.ch. I'lumas County, drain-
in- inio E/-rt Branch of North Forlc of
Feather River; from E. V. Tiffany and Seth
.ItnUf-rp-.n. in Treasure Pcint Mine, near
I £'.r nay. r; Dorado Courtv Cal.. draln-
tesjBto Ce<lar Crcfk. which reaches South
I For « of CoFunmcs Hiver rives TiOtice that
|rr.«-?:;nr vill l>e held at Ro<m M. Flood
fcui:'!!nr. San Francisco. Cal., July 5. 1904.
A PRIVATK. <julrk CiTorce^oTnnailTJi -
J1_J Jarltct ft., between Manon and Taylor
A4v5ce fi-t^ a!l metiers. DetecUves employed.
li. W. KING. Attcrney-at-Lew, Exam, bide
C'h fiocr; entrance room Ull; established 15
>enr»: ell aifes, p?r.cr&l court and office prac-
tice; r..j -fee in advance or for cor^ultatlon-
<^<t.:..,'.? by gppolntraent. Tel. Ked 3601.
WXSiOX atty.— il. HARRIS. 40 E11L st 18
vrs. rrartice: ref«. trcm many thousands ol
»c:a.«-r*. utilorr. widow* »nd orphans on Pa-
vif.c Ccatt for whom 1 hare secured pensions.
AA-L-IVORCF-— Cost* $12; quick: quiet: advice
.**•: no charge unlets successful.
TS;> Market »t.. room 4.. bft. 3d and 4th.
uivoricn-coets. >i2: <,m C k. cu iet : «dvic
r.-t^; a. I law buMnezs; no charge unless fuc-
cettfui; open evenings. 827 Market, room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12- no fees or
cts.li in advance; all law business; office
ctcn Saturday evenings, f'u Market st.. r. .TJ.
DIVORCE la-tv a specialty; no publlclty~dvi71 <
free. co«ts ?12. Ad. HAS.. P.O. box 2139. S.V! j
V B. CLAEK. D27 Market st; consultation
free; no fees Sn advance; open evenings.
ATTTOBIOBIXEg.
>UTOMOBIL£S-L!very. c»ra C e and ' "saieTI
rooms: avi^mcbiles of ever;' deseriytlin
teurht and eo!3; will buy or -e!l V«vin»
hand nu,chir.c. See us before ,o" do any!
TV r £ W c th Jcur :nac: -- lc -- Phone South 7fj»
raclfie Prates /.utonicblle Co.. 217 Hills nl.
WANTHD-To buy aa automobile in first-clasi
cor.dltlun: tr.um bt reasonable; casollr.e -".
.errea. Box ¦«>, Call oifr-t.
fOR ml» cheap— A whjte F;:a"nhope automobile
«n nrnt-claw running ordrr. Box SC4, Call.
Vc-ld"moijilk cvjeade;(«se:ata^em*aiiM I
rurr.lr.r onlcr. Boa rg). Call off.f-*. I
ASTHMA. HgttgPr!
A IN Neia's Atttxma. R-ni<-d>- relieve, In^tacTI
ly: ICk: ZZc. SQg. 1602 Market. Et. Xlchola*.
BOAHDIMi FOR CHILDltB*. j
FRENCH »jcardinr for children. MR?
gi:ntz. ee-i Mae «t. ~ a#
ci.OTgrf7O BiPQVATnro.
EITITS cieancd and pressed, $1 ; rcourlne and
dycir.c. I5cn Marche, 4l> Ellis St.. room 14-
I hone Drumm 44. Call lex and d«.-!lv*r free.'
coiii.r crip j qrpicES.^^
l'.'.n tenacts ejected for (4; collections made:
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
21cBt*omerjr. rooms 9-10; tel. Main S5S0.
OUR CLASSIFIED COLUMNS- ARE A GREAT
¦/ - • r-^ « -v—
Want Advertisers in.
Next Sunday's Call
• : Will Receive FREE
j\ £ur^ ply pap^r Quard
. : ; : — ¦ — —and ¦
Oi^-flalf Doz<>i? Jl?^
5t' e Ky F'y j% ? z ?^
I ten N , '^KfJSlCPDiIiV'.fWLl SICWLY *¦*' , \s^*\
* '¦ '¦ : — : ; ¦ 1 : 1 ; 5-
The Eureka FIv Paper Guard is the latest article of this kind on the market.
This Rtiard-holder for fly-paper gives perfect satisfaction, prevents accidents, saves
clothes, temper, money, etc., gives a finished appearance to the unsightly fly-paper
and makes handling of same a convenience.
As shown in cut. arrangement is very simple, paper is easily fastened, and guard ¦
lasts a lifetime. «
, The EUREKA GUARD and one-half dozen sheets of the FLY NET PAPER can
¦ ' ' be f obtained by bringing classified ads. Thursday, Friday or Saturday for insertion in
Sunday's paper. THIS PREMIUM IS FREE TO CLASSIFIED ADVERTISERS
ONLY.
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICK of The San Francisco Call, corner Market and TWrd streets;
open until 12 o'clock every ni&rnt in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
I 100S Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m.
I 627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 8:30 p. m.
63t McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkln street; opea until "J:30 p. m. \ -~
1041 Mission street: ojien until 10 p. m. - .
2261 Market street, corner Rixteentn; open until 0 p. m. •
• — ... 104 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia Htreet; open until 9 p. m. . m "ti m
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m. .
OAKLAND OFFICK: !
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE: ' '
• 2148 Center Street ' Telephone North 77
ALAMEDA OFFICE: '
Schneider's Book Store ' Park Street, THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; . JUN E 18, 1904.
13
roiftT RICHMOyp REAL ESTATE. 1
ALTA PUNTA TRACT, at StegeTon* Santa Fe
and electric roads; land $.*i*X> per acre; lots
80x200 at $150; orchard of 15 acres and
buildings. $100 per acre; monthly payments;
send for maps, etc. HAIGHT. 401 Cal.st..S.F.
ELMHURST REAL ESTATE.
$75 EACH— $5 down, $2 SO a month, without
interest; flne lots* clone to the. station; only
a few left. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Poat st.
REAL ESTATE v TO EXCHAXGE.
FOlTsALE OR EXCHANGE.
$20",OCO ONX/Y for one of tiu best ranches In
Napa Valley; 124 acres of A No. 1 land: im-
provements cost about ?10.000. P. C. LAS-
' SEN & CO.. 4Ctt Tenth st.. Oakland. Cal.
• ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA. 1S04— Sunny front bay-window
room & kitchen, connecting; reas. ;no child' n.
! CLAY, 1518— Nlcely~^fur. housekeeping rooms;
gae, range, bath; also unfurnished rooms.
FOLSOM, 55S— Three unfurnished sunny
ropmsj range; large yard.
FOLSOM, 1C01. cor. Sixth— 2 sunny housekeep-
ing rooms, reasonable; also other 'rooms.
GEARY, 408— Three eunny, elean, nicely fur-
nlshed rooms; complete for housekeeping.
GEARY. 1432 — Sunny suite; gas range; also
large sunny room, suitable for dressmaking.
GOLDEN GATE. 1031, near Jefferson Park— '
Newly furnished rooms: bath; private family;
good board. $20 and $23; two, $32 and $33.
HOWARD, 728 — 2 nice rooms, complete for
I housekeeping; reasonable.
' KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine—
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
rd, electric lighted; free baths; rate $30 up.
JACKSON. 1220, near Jones— 2 or 3 nicely fur-
nished housekeeping rooms.
LARKIN.1C07, cor.Post — The Cragburn. H. Bur-
lingame.prop. ; rms., single & hkpg.apartments.
NATOMA, 701, cor. Eighth— 2 large sunny'
housekeeping rooms; no children.
OAK, 10 — 2 rooms complete for housekeeping;
use of piano. :
B^ARL, 3, cor. Market — 2 furnished ¦ house-
keeping rooms; $14-$15; no children; phone.
PINE. 1300, cor. Hyde — 3 sunny furnished
basement rooms, yard, $1C; 2 corner fur-
nished rooms, $10 each.
POST, 1416 — Sunny, nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms. $15 up; gas range; closets.
SCOTT, 3C0, NE. cor. Page — 2 newly furnished
rooms in private house; sun all day; near
Haight-st. car line.
TAYLOR 504 — I flne furnished rooms, complete
for housekeeping: also housekeeping rooms.
THIRD. 808^Bummer cut rates. $1 25. $2,
$2 25 weekly; suite, $2 50 and $4.
VAN NE3S~ ave., 525^— Newly furnished hkp.
rms.; also other rms.; modern; cor. house.
VAN NESS ave.. 613 — Elegant sunny parlor
for 2 gents or doctor; suits for housekeep-
ing; modern corner house; new furnished.
WEBSTER 1560 — Three- nice sunny rooms;
complete for housekeeping private bath.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH offlce Of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market at., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
X-PABTKENT HOUSE3.
ST.CKCILE, 115 Fell,above Van Ness ave.— The
acme of perfection In modern, elegantly fur-
nished 3-room apartments, with private baths,
¦ <.tfam heat, electric llght.elevator, gas ranges,
$30, $35. $37, $40. $45. $47 60. $50. $55.
ST. LOUIS, 1575 Jackson et. — Modern 3-4-5
rooms: turn, or unfurn.: refs. Tel. East 135O.
ROOMS .TO ' J^gJ"^"^^*^^?**^*:
C— THE ST, KAHTRYN.
N. E. COR. ELLIS AND LEAVENWORTH.
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN CITY;
NEW HOUSE: FIRST CLASS;
JUST FURNISHED: HAIR MAT-
TRESSES IN EVERY ROOM; HOT
AND COLD WATER BATHS;
STEAM HEAT. ELEVATOR SER-
VICE; EVERY MODERN CON-
VENIENCE; ROOMS $3 PER
week yp.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light bousekreping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st)— Rooms. 25c, 60c. $1, $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1384)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single: also unfurnished.
BUSH, 324 — Elmer; nicely furnished rooms;
reasonable; centrally located.
CALIFORNIA, 1001, upstairs^ — Nice large sun-
ny room for one or two gentlemen.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
' furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
EDDY, 313 — Sunny front room for 2 gents; pri-
vate family: all conveniences; close In; $12.
ELEVENTH. 21— Elegant rooms, single or ea
suite; furnished or unfurnished; references.
FOLSOM. 608, cor. Second — Aurora — Nicely fur-
nished, sunny rooms; reasonable.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night; $1 60 to $C wk.: reading-room.
HOTEL DUFFERIN. 749 Ellis— Elegantly fur-
nlshed suites and single rooms.
JESSIE, 363, east V. S. Mlnt-»-Furnlshed
room, $7; 2 beds, $10 per month.
JONES. 207 (Van Winkle) — Furnished sannjr
rms.: suite or single: gents preferred: 12 up
KEARNY, 31 — Front sunny suites; also office
rooms; housekeeping privileges if desired.
KE.ARNY, 20Vi — Nicely furnished rooms; •in-
gle or en suite.
MARKET. 1CC4 — Third floor; nicely furnished
room to let; $1 25 a week.
MINNA, 328 — Furnished rooms, single or
double, $1 up. * '
O'FARRELL. 332— Nicely furnished parlors;
sunny suite or single; light hskpg. If desired.
O'FARRELL, 11C4— Elegant. newly fur-
nished rooms: front, side, rear; sunny; run-
ning water: references exchanged; house
changed hands and renovated throughout.
POST, 880. nrar Hyde — Large furnished front
room; bath; gas; for 1 or 2 gents. -
POST. 141 &— Sunny, nicely furnished room,
with closet. $8.
POWELL. 216— The Crescent, bet. O'Farrell
and Geary; sunny furnished rooms. $2 wk. up.
POWELL. 706 — Two nice connecting front
rooms; sunny; all modern conveniences; reas.
FOWELlT~10C5 (The Virginia)— A snap; elT-
gant front suite: partly furnished; marine
view; runntns water.
ROYAL House. 12C Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par
Icr; re-urns ter ni-cht. 35a to $1 50; w<-ek. $2
to $8: month. $8 to $20; elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and e61d water: baths.
SIXTEENTH, 2030 — 3 unfurnished sunny cor-
ner rooms; connecting; gag and batn; $13 60.
STEVENSON, 257 — Light rooms $ I week;
hftkpg. comple. $1 75; parlor, your own price.
BUTTER, 361 (Larchmont) — Nice furnished
rms; central, convenient, modern, reasonable.
THE FALMOUTH. I040A~ Market 'st.— Sunny
rooms*; hot and cold water; elevator; $2 to $7.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
- rooms 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
triclllghts (no gas), running water > In every
room: eWator. read. -room; free bus: baggage, j
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
I Mist convenient and respectable: 700 rooms:
1 85c to $1 60 night; $2 to IS week: elevator;
j elec, lights; reading-room: free bus: baggage.
I WOLF Hcuse. 2U2 Sixth st.— Rooms from 15c
I to fl per nl*h,t and from POo to $5 per. week.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
. Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A ERANCHofflce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
crtcned at 1008 Market st, opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. hi. ¦
I ~~ BOOMS A2fp _ BOAIU)^^^
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
THIS SELECT FAMILY HOTEL. BEATJTI- '
FULLY SITUATED ON THE FINEST COR-
NER OF VAN NESS AVE., NOW THOR-
OUGHLY RENOVATED AND EQiaPPED
-WITH ALL THE LATEST IMPROVEMENTS
IS READY TO RECEIVH GUESTS.
1015 VAN NESS, COR. GEARY.
APPLY TO MRS. E. WINDELE. MANAGER.
LEAVENWORTH. 1023— Extra large sunny
room, with board; bath, phone; 2, 3 or 4
gentlemen. - . . \
BEAUTIFUL sunny rooms, exc-H^nt home cook-
ing, $20 per mo.; 2 meals, $18; gentlemen.
1120 Gtush sL
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOlj SALE.
>~ I THOMA9 MAGEET&~S0/si ~~ "
I REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
6 MONTGOMERY STREET.
FINE CORNER RESIDENCE,
$40,000.
OFFER' INVITED
¦ Nearly 60 ft. front with an exceptionally
well built and arranged house of 2 stories,;
attic and basement. Reception hall, reception
room, fine living room, dining room, all In
oak; smoking room, butfer's pantry, extra
large kitchen; 8 fine sized bedrooms, 3. baths,
hardwood In 4 bedrooms. Basement has large
billiard room, ! card room, laundry, servants'
room, wine room; plate glass windows through-
out; .slate roof; heated throughout and every
convenience. Fine residence locality, close to
town. Three car lines within a block. Fur- j
ther particulars at pur office. House open for ;
inspection.
BROADWAY CORNER RESIDENCE.
$35,000.
Fine marine view; splendid surroundings; 2-t
story, attic and basement house, having extra !
fine reception hall; large reception room, din-
ing room in dark oak, kitchen, butler's pantry,
6 bedrooms and bath on second floor, 4 bed-
rooms and bath in attic. Basement has large
den. wine closet, laundry. Chinaman's room. 1
Heated throughout; electric lighting. Cars I
within one block. '-¦ -
' ¦ 1
PACIFIC HEIGHTS CORNER.
I $35.OCO.
Very large lot; exceptionally sunny house.
First floor, reception hall, reception room,
breakfast room, dining room, kitchen,. butler's
pantry, kitchen pantry, servants' room. Sec-
ond floor, library. 4 bedrooms, bathroom. 1
Attic, 4 bedrooms, bathroom, storeroom,
trunkroom. Basement, billiard room, laundry,
servants' room, wlneroom. storeroom. Sun in
every room; electric cars at the door.
SCOTT STREET RESIDENCE.
$15,000.
Just completed; change in family necessi-
tates sale. Fine 2-story and basement resi-
dence, having reception hall with hardwood
floor; reception room In white and gold; din-
ing room with hardwood floor, pak flnish;
-butler'B pantry; fine kitchen; separate ser-
vants' apartments upstairs; extra large living
room; S fine bedrooms; bath; linen closets:
toilets, etc. Grand and unobstructed~sweep of
marine view. Car line within 100 feet. In-
cludes all furniture, carpets, draperies etc.
BUSH STREET INVESTMENT
J15.000.
Very well built 3-story residence; could be
changed Into flats; right down town; will
always rent. ,
THREE NEW FLATS.
$14,000. •
Just finished; each flat has 7 rooms, recep-
tion hall, bath and storeroom; key lot; sun
and light in every room; 2 car lines very
convenient. Will rent for $145.
BROADWAY LOT.
$7000.
40x137-6; an exceptionally fins building lot
in first-class neighborhood.
1 ZZZH
$7500.
50x137:8.
Halght street. In good renting locality;
prospective business; cars passing.
ELEVENTH STREET CORNER.
Rents $112 50; 2 good flats with 120 feet
of frontage on two streets.
THOMAS MAGEE A 8ONS.
5 Montgomery Street.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 MARKET STREET
GRAND AUCTION SALE
EXTRAORDINARY.
300— VILLA LOTS— 300.
300— VILLA LOTS— 300.
, 300— VILLA LOTS— 300.
AT
FRUITVALE.
FRUITVALE.
FRUITVALE.
Sale to 'take place Saturday, June 25, at 2
p. m., on the property bounded by Redwood
road. School and Davis streets.
The Frultvale Addition will be sold positively
without reserve or limit. Lots averaging 50x150
feet.
Most liberal terms of credit. Only one-quar-
ter cash. Balance 6-12-18 months.
LABOR IN THE CITY AND SLEEP IN THE
COUNTRY.
HALF-HOURLY TRAINS.
COMMUTATION ONLY $3.00 PER MONTH.
Remember the date, SATURDAY, JUNE 25.
Broad Guat-e boat transferring to the Broad
Gauge Southern Pacific Railroad to Frultvale.
For further particulars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
• . ¦ 638 Market street.
$1 25 PER week: no interest; lots In the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract; all level: no grad-.
Ing to do; ready to build your little home
en; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st., room 5.
WHY, If you want a homff in the Mission,
don't you seo those lots. 25x125, west line
Noe St., 200 feet south of 19th St.? We fur-
nish >ou the lot and money to build. You
pay us back same as rent; lots only $1000;
graded, ready to lay foundations: actually
cheap for $1500. DOLAN CO.. owners.
_ H^ ME
That will pay for itself for sale by the Me-
chanics' Home Building Company; two new,
modem flats of 6 and C rooms, high base-
ment; large lot; on east side of Third ave.,
between A and B ets.. north of park. See
them to-day. Agent on ground.
FOR sale — Artistic home, near park; 6 rooms,
bath, servants' room, conservatory; stable,
chicken house, yard for cow; large lot; three
minutes frcm four car lines; all as good aa
new; owner leaving city; open Sunday. 660
Ninth ave., B and C sts.
$3750 — A 0-ROOM residence; porcelain plumb-
ing; modern mantela^ tiling; lot 25x120. with
rear L; west line; 129 2d ave., ISO ft. south
Lake or Sarramento St.; $500 cash; $30 mo.;
same as rent. Dolan Co., owners, 24 Mont.
FIVE-ROOM cottage; porcelain plumbing,
' modern Improvements, laundry, yard; rent
$25; north side of O'Farrell st.; $3S00 only.
Inquire 1301 Devtsadero st.
FREE homestead presented by Uncle Sam un-
der new Government canal In Nevada. See
J. E. GORDON; C2S Crossley bldg., 2:30 to 5
p. m. dally. .
MONEY at 6 per cent for" the full cost of fculld-
lngs and part lot. Manhattan Savings Bank,
107-8 Crocker building.
ALL work guaranteed first class "by AHL-
BACH Se. MAYER. Plumbers, 83Q Howard st.
FOR SALE— ELEGANT FLATS; up to date;
terms to suit purchasers; large^ lots on Fred-
crick, wejt of Wlllard. Sam Glass, builder,
on premises. . -
HEAI. ESTATE — Conn t it — For *«1*.
ALFALFA lands. - stock ranches, orchards,
\*1neyird*>: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues »ent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 643
Market st.
SOUTHERN Oregon Irrigated lands, dairy
farms tti>ck ranches, alfalfa land, timber
land mines. S C. TRAYNER. 504 Kearny.
"~ FlluriSlfTY WANTKO.
WANTED" — To buy chicken ranch across the
> hny; $1000. WILCOX, 310 Noe st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'MENTS
AtAHEDA rPBWISHED , H0US23,
LARGE furnished house; owner to occupy 2
' or 3 rooms; $25. P. O. Box 72. Alameda.
BERKELEY AD VERT'S'M'NTS
BEEKELEY 3OO1IS.
NICF.LY furnished rooms, overlooking the bay
Address Euclid ave., care box. 10S.H. Call.
pAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE. 1010 BKOAD WAY.
OAK LA.VO IlKAL K.STATB.
WHY NOT OWN YOUR HOME?
Three beautiful 6-room modern homes for sale
cheap: BUT: LITTLE READY CASH RE-
QUIRED, Inquire at 455 66th St., Oakland,
or call up Stuart 1457.
OAKLAKO FURSITtRE KOK VAXB.
TO-MORROW the day for JMrgalnT^iTfurnn
ture. Ii.2chcllhaas.llth st.,cor.store,OaUland.
j nni' •vv»vri*:o — m \T,n — r n ,.t lnn ,,-.
j '¦ ~—
AT C. R.HANSEN & CO.'S Erap. Offlce
42a Bush st G42 Clay st."
NEVADA. NEVADA. NEVADA.
Free Fare.
Free far*. Ship to-day. Free fare.
10 house carpenters 53 50 day
NEVADA. NEVADA. NEVADA.
100 laborers and teamsters $2, S- - 5
Government work Rate fare $7 50
(Fare refunded remain 10 days.)
ARIZONA. FLORENCE. ARIZONA.
Laborers, teamsters .v?2
1050 miles Fara $10 5i)
Southern Cal. Daggstt. Southern Cal.
luO teamsters ....$2
(Rate .fare $4 05.)
20 Scandinavians .Lumber camp
Buck ties and swampers $'J0. $ ;^5 found
Steamer sails to- Jay.
Farmers, milkers choremen. buttermakers,
lubort-rs, teamsters $¦-•. $30. $.*^>. ?tO found
Janitor, ivha can run boiler, institution...
$:U) and found
Second pnrter, country hotel $25
! Second 'cook. $00; night cock. $00; boss here.
Dining-room wine opener, country hotel.. $2.i
Potwaeher. watering resort $-'J0
Bread baker, country $12 60 we ok ,
Partry cork, country hotel, free fara 5.J t
Grocery clerk $30 found ]
Head waiter, resort 5-W found
! C R HAN'SEN & CO... Employment Office
j 429 Bush st... 612 Clay et.
! WANTED — Solicitors to sell the latest and
safest investment on the market. Our "He-
' serve Secured Interest Bearing Certificates"
are an easy seller. We guarantee hustlers
good wages. Ask for Mr. McGarvle, room
53, Columbian bldg.. 616 Market et.
EXPERIENCED outside solicitor on lines of
crockery and glassware to hotel, restaurant
and bar trade; must state experience, also
references and age. Box 1043, Call offlce.
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at 025 Golden
Gate ave., room 1, for free information as
to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.; day
cr evenings. •-'¦•• .
YOUNG man for assistant floor walker: must
have some knowledge of sign-writing. Apply
MARKS BROS.. 1220 Market st.
WANTED — Old man to work on private place;
light work: good wages and home. Address
Mantana Farm, Rtdwood City, Cal..
WANTED everywhere — Hustlers to tack signs,
distribute circulars, samples, etc: no canvars-
inR-;good pay. Sun Advertising Bureau.Chicago*
BARBER shop; 3 chairs, bath, bootblack
stand? in lively town; money-maker; fine
location. Box S. PIa\;ervllle.
BOYS wanted at once. JOE ROSENBERG,
S16 Market «t
WANTED— Barber Saturday and Sunday. 1025
Howard st. \
BAjtBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
105 Second at,
BARBER wanted for Saturday; $4 SO. 1310
Castro st.
PATTERN maker; must be first class. Krogh
Mfg. Co.. 519 Market st.
___
Men to learn tl.«S BARBER TRADE; only
eight weeks required; positions secured; con-
stant practice and expert instruction; special
offer and catalogue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE, C55 Clay Ft.
WANTED — Three flrst-class carriage black-
smiths and three first-class body makers;
good wages and steady employment to right
parties. Apply A. MEISTER & SONS CO.,
Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st_; 250 room*; 25 to 6Oc per night.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mail charges. 11 3d St.. Exam. bid.
WANTED — Drug clerk; recommendations re-
quired. NE. cor. Ellis and Maron sts.
F<">I1 PALE — Barljer two-chair shop, $75.
MULLER,' Dwight way. Berkeley.
A profitable outing: pick hops in August. Write
E.CLEMENS HORST CO..122Battery St., S.F.
LABOR debts collected: guits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Montgy, r. 415.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade; wages
while learning. 74IA Howard St.
SAIIXDRS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 617 Jackson et.
PENSION Atty..E. A. Bullis, r.40, Phelan b'.dg.
Past Com~ Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
SAILORS and ordinary eeamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st
WINCHESTER; Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
optned at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. OKI Miss-Ion st.. bet. 1st and *Jd sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 5G3 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HOUSES AXD WACyO.\S^
FOR sale — Pacing mare. $175; 7 years old. very
fast; gentle in every respect; safe for wo-
rr.au to drive; will go double. For particu-
lars address box 960. Call.
A GENTLE good horse for sale; works single
or double or In buggy; and •«- top wagon.
66 WeWter st.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horses, wag-
ons. ?urreys, bugcles, carts and harness; at
1140 Folsom st.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 190 Stevenson, S.F.
HIGH-CLAFS black surrey rjqrse for sale;
party leaving town. 24 Gold.-g Gate ave.
GOOD horse for sale, one out of two, at 711
Turk st.
FOR sale — Horse and village cart; rido or
drive; gentle; for lady. 1359 Bush at.
LIGHT, cushlon-tirec" roa-1 bu-riry for sale; In
good order. Box 6S8. Call offlce.
FOR sale — Two eecend-hand platform spring
wagons and one truck. 233 Beale et.
NEW and second-hand wagons, all kinds, at
1615 Market «t . opp. Franklin.
WAGONETTES. Miircys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness, work and driving home. 15th-Valencla.
IIOUSBS TO LET!
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
HOUSES FUBHISHED- SUBURBAN.
FOR rent in Mill Valley; furnished 7- room
house; bath; hot water; also furnished tent.
For particulars Inquire at 108 Davis st.
I.\VteST3IK.\TS.
GOOD Investment — A limited number of shares
et 25c 1 er t hare; this stock . will be worth
one dollar (tl) per share w;tn:n a year; call
cr write Osceola Mining and Development
Company. 414 Crossley r-ulidlng. 8. F.
LOST AXD FOUM).
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of IRMA ULEUER; No. 250-523. The
finder will pleafc return to bank.
LOST — Friday afternoon, near Market st. and
Front ave., a purse containing about $5 and
papers; reward. Return 907 Railroad ave. S.
LoiT — White tox terrier; one black eye.
licc-nsc t"f 243U. Reward if returned; 2625
Ridge read, Berkeley.
LOST— A 22 repeating rifle; reward $5. Re-
turn to the Conclave, Geary and Kearny sts.
LOST— Lady> eold watch, Waltham movi-
_ment. netvard if returned to lOrjI) Market tt.
FOUND — A purse containing money; owner
call at t>43 McAllister tU -•*-¦••--..
LAUNCHES FOB KIKE.
C. A. McNKlLA, LAUNCH "co7T"foot of Clay
»t.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Mlchaeiis Launch Co..Union-ist. Wharf j boat-
ir.z Ar excursions. 5 Steuart st. : tel. John 2F.86.
MISCELLAXCOLS WASTS.
Bin prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds, gents' full dress suits, etc.; send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS. 25
Slcckton st. *
MORRIS gives highest prices for ladles' and
SMitr' caj-toff clothing; postal. 943 Folsom.
HIGHEST price paid for castoft clothing. Tel.
DavU ($25; C50 Sacramento st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Bth st.; tel. Jessie 2S5b-
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
lliCaithy Co., -,752 Mission; phone Bush 107.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desirins safe, sure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me; my /methods
are painless ar.d reliable; no failures; "no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FIIEE; 17 > ears' experience in all fe-
nr.ale disorders'; call or write. DR. WHITE,
702 "Market ft., rooms 7 and 8.
MKS. VVi. WYETH. specialist for all female
Complaints and irregularities; instant relief
fruaranteed; SO years' experience. 828 Post st.
MRS. UK. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male trouble* and irregularities; Instant re-
Her guaranteed. 100SV& Market st., opp. 6th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL^AU who are sick or
¦In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints ; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
.advlre free. Offlc*. 1018 Market st. -
Drs. Goodwin, 75-'{ Turk, above' Van Ness — Ex-
pert In obstetrics, f-.male complaints; inat.
relief; treatment $10; hours 10 to 5; 25 yrs. ex.
Mi*, p. ALLEN. 1113 Market— Reliable ladles'
Epecialift; a private home before and during
-connnement: beet medical tare; low fees.
MKS. DR. GWTER, having secured leaae of
premi--er>. Ij permanently located- at 511A
Leavenwerth St.. bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. ! 1126 Market.
MATERNITY Villa— Secluded; confidential.
I DR. EMILIA FUNKE, 1416 8th st.. Alameda,
j LADIES' irregularities cured; 18 years' ex.;
private. DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny st.
LADIES — Kumround; safe, sure, never falls;
$2. Gleabon-Rtfggleg Drug Co.,IIearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN resides 2905 Folsom- St., corner
Sfith: ladies, relief or no fee; $10. s-
MISCELLANKOPS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. Sd-haud machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterlte;Mn rolls easy to lay;
needs no paiuting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATER1TE ROOFING CO.. 713. Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting., etc., etc., .bought sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
reefs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to etcp all !eaks In the one and preserve the
new. 205 Front St.; tel Main 1428.
A — FINE EUits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny st.,
near Bush; open to 8 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents g^ar machinery, en-
elnes, boilers, water pipe, shafting pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St. .
FOR sal? — Fine modern bookcase and hatraek.
Call at Pacific Storage Warehouse, 2320
. Pillmore «t. ¦
8T. BERNARD; grand, -powerful dog pup;
very tine disposition; gentle with children
and a good watch dog. Box 2156. Call offlce.
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
f ults to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton st. ' ¦
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
small weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton et. .
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21. Stockton st.,
upstairs.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats, $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. S30 Kearny st., near
Pine; open to 9 p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 60 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid. ; catalog free.
SECOND-HAND sealskins, old gold and dla-
monds bought; send postal; will call. New
Municipal Loan Offlce, 617 Washington st.
FOR rale — 10x12 wall tent, nearly new. and
bicycle. 558 Fourth st,
HEADQUARTERS for novelties: celebrations
and carnivals. M. NEWMAN, 307 6th st.,S.F.
LAUNCH hunting cabin for sale. C, A. Mc-
NEAL LAUNCH CO., foot Clay st.
FOR sale— Elegant electric bath cabinet; reas-
onable. Electric Works. 227 Ellis st.
Desk sale this week only, 20 per cent off regu-
lar prices. Richardson Bros'., 1816 Market st.
BEST white lead 7c per pound: to painters
less. BUTCHER. 741 Mission St.
AWNINGS, tents,new,second-hand. SUN TENT
& AWNING CO..42 Spear St.; tel. John 6486.
TENTS for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT & AWNING Co.,35 Mkt.Tel.nush S5S.
PIGEONS — All the leading varieties; stamp for
catalogue. C. WILSON, offlce 229 8tevenson.
BRITANNICA Encyclopedia, .latest edition. 31
vola. KING'S. 61 McAllister st.. nr. Market.
EDISON Phonograph Agency/ Peter Bacigitlupl,
moved to 7SB Mission st.
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap; some
new; 10x16. 319 Third St.; tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montg'y.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market St.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and . second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st. '
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 40 Fremont st.
CHEAPEST andJbeRt In America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pagesBJRent to any address in the
United States r/r Canada one year for $1.
MOXEV TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY, ~
C01-602-C03 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate-), second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMA^ MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
« A reasonable amount on
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
- or * country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels,
Location, etc.
Box 400, Call office. ,
LOWEST BANK "RATE" ~
Any amount; first and second mortgages, es-
tates - in probate, unvidlded interest ; In es-
tates, assignments of rents, etc., at lowest
rats- of interest.
RIVERS BROS., 206 Montgomery st.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, .knowledge of employer or
anyone; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453, Parrott bldg.
AAA — Interest 6 per cent (read Sunday papers).
: MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK......
...City. Oakland, Town. Country Property...
MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (city agents),
107-8 Crocker building— Post-Market sts.
ANY amount quickly on | furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates; strictly confidential. " National
Co.. 68 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store
846 Market; tel. Main 1G44! Branch, 19 Third!
MONEY loaned on diamonds, jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protected
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE, 25 Stockton; phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, .boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In 46
principal cities. Tolman, 653 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
st. (uprtalrs), loans money on diamonds, Jew- 1
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
1 P3R cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential 20 Montgomery sU, rm. 7. i
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'B, 10 Sixth st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
i-alaried employes. R.. 311, "Mutual Sav. Bk
bid.; Oakland offlce, 1103% Brdwy.; suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
TO salaried people without security; on furnl-
j tuns Indorsed notes and other security. 8.
F. Discount Agency, 148 Phelan bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 KearnyA
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building, 708 Market st. -¦ ;-*¦¦
114 "PER cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFVIN'G, 010 Hearst bid., Ex. ent.
KJXBT TO LOAX— Co-|(lnn«d.
MONEY loaned on salaries, \cliattel mortgages,
1 j life Insurance policies, etc. 1 United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st. , "
GASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORELL, 000 Examiner building.
- . -* ;. MOXE Y 'J WASTED.
WANTED— $400 at 1 per cent per month;
good security. Box 1075, Call offlce.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
SUITE of 3 handsome offices furnished com-
• plete : In Crossley building. Apply B. P.
OLIVER, 114 Montgomery st.
A SUITE of 4 office rooms, large, sunny, on
Sacramento St., near Montgomery. Apply-
to WEISSBEIN BROS. & CO. -
$25— FLOOR space. 25x80. 956 Harrison, near
Sixth; will lease. ¦"-.,
MUSICAL IXSTKUMENTS.
A GOOD new piano for $2 50. We have con-
fidence in you and in our pianps — th.at Is
why we ask you to try, our Instruments. We
are willing la accept a small Interest on the
investment — $2 50 , this month. Remember
this opportunity closes with the summer sea-
son. First selection is best choice. HEINE
PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary St., manufactur-
ers of the Peerless Heine and agents for ten
different makes from $115 to $975, and three
rr.akeR of piano-players from $125 to $275.
Used bargains from $25 up. Our output Is
double that of any other piano house.
AAAAA— FINE assortment of second-hand up-
rights from $40 up, Including such makes as
Chlckering. Vose, Stelnway, Steck. Knab-.
- Mathushek. Sterling,' Curtax, Erard and
many others on easy payments. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell gt. ?
A SENSATIONAL flre — Storage pianos and
furniture will be removed to North Beach
and burned if not sold in a few days; this
means storage pianos and furniture almost,
cheaper than nre wood, and must be re-
moved. Whitehead's Storage, 1636 Market.
PIANOS for rent; $3 per month; the largest
' and ' best, stock In San ..Francisco to-select
' from: pianos from $30 upward; our line the
best, our prices the lowest. SCOTT CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 6fiO-C4 Hayes st. . ...
$60 FOR a fine upright. If you want a bargain
call at HORNUNG'S. 210 McAllister.
GOOD standard upright piano for sale; $83.
BTATHAM. 110 McAllister st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
$1C5 — STEINWAY upright: private party; no
reasonable cash Offer refused. 237 Geary st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
'. tnents. SCHMITZ & CO., 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chlckering baby grand;
Rhonlnger. little used. Keeffe's. 2fl5 OTarrell.
PERSONALS. P
DR. ROWELL'S Fire, of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
1 sore -throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 60c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL A BROWN. 32 Turk st, B. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, Im-
proves Its growth, stops falllng.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp;at druggists', hairdressers'- ac-
cept xw^^bet I tut^_StajrJRemedyCo., 1338 Polk.
WILLIAM BAGGET. son of Frederick Bagget:
Write to your brothers and sister. 1&25
Lor-iln Bt., Cleveland, Ohio, for information
of "advantage, ' "
Cancerous lumps, sores,, impure blood, (affecting
ekin, mouth, bones, etc.)' speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 328 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
"VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness, drains, varlcocele,
etc.; easily worn; $2 60 postpaid; physicians
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co., 140 deary, S.F.
A FINE suit to order on easy installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS, 1127 Market St..
¦ between Seventh and Eighth. "
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor, 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture fbr $7 60
down and SI 60 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post, near Powell.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.Hr-A.W.Travers,I170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dress pants $2 60.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Hush and Dupont.
Actlna restores lost eyesight: cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO WJ 3524 19th. nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ter, r. 609. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.,733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1 at all druggists.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market St., opposite. Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. '¦ _^
PALMISTRY.
A— MME. LYMAN. scientific palmist, recently
from East. 610 Eddy st.; phone Polk 4611.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st., near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PATEHTS.
INVENTIONS patented F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bide. 632 Market st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Offlce and residence
1021% Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, ekln and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073H Market st. . '
WANTED — A doctor (Hollander) for society.
Address 830 Broadway, Oakland.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at CG7 Geary St., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured" by Chinese herbs. 746-S. Clay st.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for building materials— Office
Depot Quartermaster. 30 New Montgomery
*t., San Francisco, Cal.. Juno 10. 1004 —
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, subject to
-usual conditions, will be received here until
11 o'clock a. m. (Pacific standard time),
June 20, 1904, and then opened, for furnUh-
ing. lumber, doors, sash, cement, etc. • Pref-
erence will be given to articles of domestic
production or. manufacture, condition of price
and quality being equal (including In the
price v of foreign production the duty there-
on). The United States reserves right to
reject or accept any or all, bids or any part
thereof. Blank proposals and further In-
formation furnished on application. ' En-
velopes containing proposals should be in-
woraed "Proposals for Building Materials.
No. 4550" and addressed to MAJOR C. A.
DEVOL. Q. M.. V.' S. A.. Depot Quarter-
master. . _^ .
PROPOSALS for Steam Pump, etc. — Office
Depot Quartermaster, 33 New Montgomery
street. Sun Francisco, Cal., June 15th, 1004.
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, subject to
usual conditions, will be received here until
11 o'clock a. m. Saturday. June 23th, 1D0J,
and then opened, for fumlBhlng 1 Steam
Pump, Pipe and Fittings, for Camp Downes
and Camp Overton, P. I. Preference will
be- given to articles of domestic production
and manufacture, condition of price and
quality being equal (Including In the price.
of foreign production the duty thereon). -The 1
U. S • reserves right to accept or reject
any or all proposals or any part thereof.
Information and blank proposals furnished'
on application. . . Envelopes containing pro-
posals to . bo mHrket "Proposals for Pipe
and Fittings No. 4<:&0." nnd a'ddressed to
Major C. A. Devoi, Qr. Mr.. U. 3. A.
Depot Quartermaster. ¦ .
PROPOSALS for Steam Pump, etc. — Office
Depot Quartermaster. 3G New Montgomery
street. San Francisco, Cal.. June 16th, 1904.
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, subject to
usual conditions, : will be received hero until
I , 11 o'clock, a. m., Saturday, June 25th, 19(M
! and then opened, for furnishing 1 Steam
Pump, Pipe and Fittings for Lucena, P. L
Preference will be given for articles of do-
mestic production and - manufacture, condl- j
tions of price and quality being equal (In-
cluding In the 'price- of foreign production
the duty thereon.) • The U. S. reserves right
to accept -any or- all proposals or any part
thereof. Information and blank proposals
furnished . on application. Envelopes con-
taining proposals to ' be markod ¦ "Proposals
for Steam Pump, etc.. No,, 4661." and ad-
dressed to Major C. A. Davol, Qr. Mr.. U.
; S. A... Depot Quartermaster. '
PROPOSALS for Subsistence Supplleg^Offlce
Purchasing Commissary, Sun Francisco, Cal,.
Juno 17. 1004. — Scaled ' proposals for furnlsh-
, Ing and ifcliverlng cf such quantities of sub-
. trietence supplies, delivered at such wharf or
wharves or such warehouses in San Fran-
Cisco. Cai.. as per circular, to be seen at this
"offlce, will; be received here until 11 o'clock
a, -tn.. J Tuesday, June '.28.* 1904, and opened
immediately thereafter, in presence of bid-
ders. Speclflcaticns, "general Instructions' to
bidder*} and blank forms of proposals will be
furnished to k established dealers -on- appliea*
, tion to C. R. KRAUTHOFF, MaJ. Corny.
UEL.V vv\vr>-,:» — MALE.
IJUr.UAX & P.EACY. phone Main 5S4S.
VU* aii-J Coii Clay ¦;.; OSts plume Main,
j Lca!:ng Employment ui;i Labcr Agents.
JWtt Vi v Gave luy4 We Here to
_£4,O0u Men Wofli. ijicraase t-u.OOO.
Jai'ar.i.-h — G?nr.an — French.
"•"'T" — Sftiti, — Greek.
NEVADA ETAT15— S HOURS.
>Covcnuaeat -work. Free Fare.
-¦¦'5 taa.n:sterE, *?:.' to If2 50 day.
L'nilors, hsillllli* IIIIIIIH, «-.tc, $75 to ?'j0.
Si.«?ci;il «ci;jj5ient ul cue paceer-Str car to-day.
AnizoNA. ruanv:~sc{z. Arizona.
icr.1* • ;.ii:»s— ?ia ro.
£ {*-cial pas-oersscr dally over Santa Fe.
_'X5 Men Wanted.
Drders. rodBaca, teamsters laborers.
>"2, |3 0u, $:;. $3 to day.
s * SOttTH — lu« iliies— J4 CO— SOUTH.
Kr> ic«untt<»rs; you'll suit, {.CO.
TO THE LUMBER.
C5 laborers, no expcrieEce wanted, JCO.
tMscRMB, eufcar pine. $00; ox teamsters,
- i+H ar.d found. -
2 carriage Better* head logger for woods,
$.5 and fcund.
10 Scandinavian laborers, eawoi'll co $00.
Screw turm-r*, huck tenders. «dgcrmen, log-
¦per. understand* rigging. $00 found.
BbiAcU j-ackers, cuioC sawyera. molder.
¦ »t:cker hand. .
Cm.cn eawycr. run boring machine, *2.
CABPBXTSB& CAB±»EMTKBS.
lt> cariM-uter*. build scows, boat dredgers,
steady, exceptionally good Job, $105.
V carpenters, bo-oca work, fare $1 $3 day
0 carpenters, plain work, fare 3Oc. **{ 50 day.
carpenter, c. C. Co.. fare $1. $2 day found.
CariJccter. rar.ch job. fare $1 $40 found
_ OTHER TRADESMEN I
Blacksmith, lumber camp, $;o and found.
"Clackrmnh. rr.ine town, $75 and found.
15 harseshjer*, all round blacksmiths and
helpers, city, country Jobs, $4. $3 50, $3,
$2 M day.
4 wheelwrights, different Jobs $3 to $4 d*y.
8 sttcker hands. $4.
16 coopers. Elatk work, north and south.
• cuhi' and door hands. $3 to $3 60 day.
4 plumbers, $4 day; ehingler. 60c M.
65 laborers, free fare. $1 fee. J
New Erick Yard, fare fl 60.
4 laborers, fare $1 ML ?- a day.
1 wheeler, fare f 1 50. $2 a day.
1 dumper, fare $1 50. $2 to $2 50 a day.
195 woodchoppers. tie*r.ak*-rs.
TO THE MINES AND QUARRIES.
36 laborers, foremen for mines, $40 and $30
and found.
18 drillers, no fare to pay. $67 60.
LABOKER-S— TEAMSTERS.
83 scraper and wagon teamsters, $2 25 day.
1C4 laborers, all over faJifornla, some in San
Francisco, (2 and $2 50 day.
Si laborers, 8 hours' work dally, that's all,
$2 day.
HAY AND HARVEST HANDS.
fl haymakers, all over State, $1 60 day and
frund.
SS harvest hands, eack sewers, pitchers, etc.,
$2 day ar.d found.
lfc teamsters, extra good Job. $1 60 and $2
day and found.
DAIRYMEN— STABLEMEN.
*U milkers, extra good Jobs, come eee, $35,
$40 and found.
t. buuern-.aktrs, 2 cheesemakers, $40, $50
snu found.
1« stablemen, city, country Jobs, $75, $60,
$."5 and found.
4fc chore men and boys, different Jobs, $.15
and f.JO.
4 apprentice boys. city. $45 and found.
Tinner, $.'{ a dav
MURRAY & READY. C34-636 Clay st.
FOREMAN
For a vineyard and orchard, call early, will
pay the wasen, we want the man.
MURRAY & READY. t>;4-(ao Clay st.
MAN to run cyanide plant, understands chem-
istry, bocs here, good wages; also 12 machine
miner?, *:•(>
MURRAY & READY. C34-630 Clay st.
Cook and wife. 15 men. mine, fare fX $40 fd.
Milker and wife. Northern Cal.. $50 found
4 farmer* ar.d wive* $M. $60. $70 found.
UVnUXt & READY, G34-636 Clay et.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Tama'e mskr-r $40 fd.; cook, 5 men, mine.
"Wait. r. mine, $3o.
12 <-ook<s, different places. $30 to $<v> found.
V waiters different jila'-es. $30 to $40 found.
27 dishwasher*. S25 **»(>. $35 found.
POUTERS. BELL AND ELEVATOR BOYS.
} LOOK.
Clerk, merchandise store. $."50 found.
Milk wacon driver, extra good Job. $40 fd.
'i butchers.
£*-cofid laktr. fare $:" r.f>. $t5 found
LAUNDRYME.V.
¦Ln^rn-iT-yTr.an. plain work institution. $30 fd.
Mt'RRAT & READY. 634-C3*" Clay st.
2 HARNESS cleaners. $75
Printer, city.
LAUNDRY.
froner. fare $1, $12 week.
"Miir.grlehand, fare $1 $10 week
LOOK.
Plasterer, country Job. $4 day.
I'.«-neh hand, pianing mill. $3 day.
MURRAY & READY. C34-C36 Clay st.
LATE SPECIALS.
SAWMILLS.
20 laborers for trswrnill. no experience need-
ed, fare $2 25. $'{5 found.
Plasterer. Marin County. $4 day.
Uutcher. small country i«hop, $35 found.
Oardener. vegetable and flowers, see boss
here. $35 found.
4 carpenters, rough work. Nevada, $C0 fd.
BImcksmiih, camp, Nevada. $C0 found.
Cook, private family. A'aajeia Co., $30 fd.
Young man to tend bar.
4 carpenters, rou^h work, factory, $3 day.
FREE FARE.
NEVADA.
20 laborers and ttamsters. Nevada, free
& READY. 634-C36 Pay st.
AT the California Employment Ajrency,
14 3d et., nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
ftate of Nevada; cheap fare refunded.
United States Government work,
to teamsters and laborers, (2 to $2 25 day.
TA) drillers, hammermen and rockmen, $2 50.
HO 0*5 fare. Florence, Ariz. Fare, $10 OS.
1U0 traiaster-- end labci-cr*, $2 to $3 60 day.
SAWMILL CREW.
2 irool tendere, $55 and found,
fh'.ngle Jointer, see bof* here, $45 found.
Hoard puller. $45 a month and board.
2 tail edjrermen. $40 a month and board.
2 seoor.d trini-r.eniK'n. $40 month and board.
1 of*"bes.r*-r, $40 a month and beard.
10 lumber pliers, $33 to ?40 and board.
fc men for rock quarrj-, $2 25 a day.
10 Slavonian labcn-rs, satrmill; $35 found.
2 laborers, city, board home. $2 "25 day.
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGKrCT. 14 3d st
FRY cock. 114 week; 2 hotel cooks, $C0 and
found; waiters, dishwashers and others. J.
F. CROfcETT & CO., C2-8 Sacramento st.
"FARMER and wife. $50 s.nd found; poultryman
and wife., $50 and found; coachman and
gardener, country. W> and found; timber
feller, $00 and board; 2 crosscut sawyers,
$40 and beard; laborers about sawmill $2 50
day; teamster for lumber co., $2 50 day;
milk wagon driver; carpenters. $4 day;
blacksmith, $3 day: 2 blacksmith helpers,
$30 month and SI 50 day and board; ma-
chine men for sash and door factory; stable-
men. $55 and *<50; laundryman. farmers,
milkers and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. C"8 Sacramento Kt.
AT CONTRACTOHP' AGENCY.
05 Thlt-a et.; telephone Main 5521.
Cook, nv.nir.e camp $25 end found.
Milker. 20 cows. $30 and found.
Boys for factory, $3 50, good trade,
laborers, near city. $2.
T<air.f.t»-r!'. city. $1 SO anil found.
Tur.nel. Humboldt Co. $2 50, $2 75.
Laborers, $2, fare lCc;'« hours. «
Florence, Ariz., laborers. $2, cheap fare.
Men to pc*l tanbark. $40.
HORD & SMITH.
RHD CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
CC2 Cay Ft. t'hone J*mes 2478.
Nevada — Government wcrk — Nevada.
Tearw-ter*- $2 25 day
Driller* $2 2r. day
Laborers $2 day
Farp rrfundt-d eft^r ten consecutive days'
work.
Take this IVvn't delay.
2 epool tenders $.*>0 month and found
IN GOD WE TRUST] ~ *
Golden Gate Err.ployrcent OffW. 1213 Ninth
eve, off H st.. alor.R»:<lc of GoMen Gate Park
•nd next doer to imbiic library— Best mala
help provided for a'l purpose?, city and coun-
try, throuslinut the States: sma!!»*t offlce
charges: employers please pay half the office
Tco. Mon»y orders t .1 y.-jl.l,. to T. SPEAK- .
MAN, station O, San Francisco. j
ANDRES, 217 Sfrf-kton st. — Rummer Job* at
beet resort* in Monterey. Lake, Marin, S<v
r.-.rra :,?..-" Ser.ta Cruz counties; c-o^ks. $.'«0
to $70; dlshwusher* $25 to *.J0; t>otwashrr,
$30; pantryman, $25; vegretablCTnan, $25;
fares refunded.
A— HOTEL gTzETTT*:, V, Montgomery et..r.I2
—Porter. $25; 2 co!ot*d waiter*, $32; house-
man. $30.
WANTED— Bright, recent graduate public
•schools for j»sy1ng position, liox 1CC2. Call.
WANTED— Flrst-c-lass carriage woodworkers.
K. NUGENT, 18 Tenth M.
rOTJTnR or bootblack wanu-d. 2C2 Fourth
i-troet. ij
EARnERS—Flrst-clasn 2-<-halr shop for rale
<•*.«¦!,!¦¦ Bcx X572, Call offir-e.' »
XJARnER chop for sale, clfturirg $25 per week;
. tvnt, $S. 3147 Twtnty-fourth st. :
BOY from 16 to !8 year* of age for office
work. Aadre** H. W. P., bcx 21C3, Call.
ROOMS AMJ BOARD Continued.
BUSH, 7C0— Nicety furnished room*, with ta-
ble board; prices reasonable.
ELLIS. 45.1 — Fine rooms, with fln?t-c!ass tabl»
board; location central and convenient
HAWTHORNE. 172. nr. Harrison — Young lady
can find nice room and board; reasonable.
GEARY, 601, Hotel L' Alglon— Family room*
and board; entirely renovated; reas. pritesw
HOWARD. 841A — First-class board and room.
single or double. t5->6 wk.: American famtiy.
A.\T> DOARO WASTED.
WANTED— ONE OR TWO ROOMS. WITH
PARTIAL BOARD. FOR MAN AND WIFE:
MILL VALLEY OR ROS3 VALLEY. BOX
,2157. CALL OFFICE.
BOARD and suite of rooms wanted for man
and -wife; state rates. Box 211*7. Call offlce.
WANTED— Board and rocra for gentlemaar $•
per week. Box mi. Call offlce.
A— EMPORIUM Storage A Van Co.: furniture-,
household goods stored moved shipped. 72ft-
731 Howard st . nr. Third; phone Grant 181.
A— GILBERT ft STOLL Storage Co.; storage.
packing, shipping warehouse. G. O and Vaa
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel. South 73a
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
flco Post and Fowell sta.; tel. Prr*. Ex. 371.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchaa-
dlse. 333 Golden Oate are. ; phone East 128.
, GOLDEN West (storage; advances made 810
Mission at. ; ul. Howard Ml. F. W. Zehfusa.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Stcrage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; ul. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
SEWI.VC MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Dome»-
tlc offlce. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
NEW HOME— See our new triple-feed ma-
chines; slightly used: $10. $15. $20: second-
hand. $3. $5. $3; all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Hewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market at.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In HAAS
positively cured; new methods: 1 week's treit-
mect free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Suti— st.
S-ITTTERIX C AXD STAMMERING.!
AT Melboiht-ne Institute, Van Ness & Market.
Is taught celebrated Melbourne system: only
Melbourne In U. S. ; private; established 3
years In 8. F. Tel. Mint 2828 from 1 to 5 p.m.
TYPEWEITESS ASS STJFPU'ES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. Th«
Typewriting Exchange. B36 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars cf L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st
ID-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 504 Market.
"VTAVI.
MOTHERS' and daughters' horn* treatment;
booklet mailed free; correspondence invited.
VIA VI CO.. 23C4 Van Nens ava.
DIVIDEND .NOTICES.
CLA^^MoTFT^O^Pcompany^on July 1. lOoiT
will pay a dividend (No. 1) of 1 cent per
share on its issued capital stock at Its of-
flce, room 31, seventh floor. Mills building:
tram*T books close on Saturday, June 25,
1904. at 1 p. m. GEORGE J. REMINGTON.
Secretary.
LEGAJL. ADVEUTISKMEMS.
ALL persons having accounts against the firm
of Knight & Ryan, liquor dealers, Powell and
Francisco sts.. present same at once for set-
tlement. G. SANTA.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
George C. Browne. 23, Stockton, and Alice
S. Johnson. SO. Benicia.
Frederick- Schmidt. 2ti, 950 Harrison street.
and Wilhelmina Fuchs. 28. »5O Harrison.
Rudolph Castaneda. 25, Benson. Ariz., and '
Martha Weir. 22, l»"2'ti Golds n Gate avenue.
Albert Duve. 2S, 1417 Stockton street, and
Annie Whitney, 27, 721 Grove street.
Peter J. Harmon, 2H. 1212 Howard street, and
Mary Delury 22, city. , *
Henry L. Kh In. 28, Los Angeles, and Cecilia
R. Pechner. 23, 1257 Clay street.
Eugene W. Meyers, 24. 1005 Harrison atreet.
and Jennie S. Tobhi. 19. Oakland.
Harry P. Thomas, 26, city, and Marie M.
Jeaberg, 25?- city. ,
Edwin A. Thackray, 24, 3447 Twenty-secolid
street, and Mamie O. Wobber. 20, 112 Four-
teenth stree*.
-John B. Lei-nos, eo, Oakland, and Maria C
Suare9. 69. Oakland.
Frans I. Egnrell. 26, 2519 Harrison street,
and Carolina E. Noren, 29, 2519 Harrtaon.
EIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATH3L
Birth, marriage and death notice* sent by
mall will uot be inserted. Th«y must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
eons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published ence in this column
free of charge.
BORN.
DENBIGH— In Tendon. June 17. 19O4. to tae
wife of B. K. Denbigh, a daughter.
DIED.
Arsndt, Edward. Keenan, Mary
A.i-pOftn, George H. Lewis. John W.
Augustus. Carolina Mlchell, John W.
Bell, David Morse. Mrs.Josephin«
Burns. John C. Nunbaumer. G«crg«
Cohn. Simon * Pachtlger. August
Doyle. Margaret E. Pttman. Cant. H. C.
Elliott. Luther B. Shea. James
Fitcslmmons. Ellen Smith. George D.
Heineman, Recha Thompson, William
Hill. Godfrey S. Tlemann, Herman T.
Jacobs, Florence J. Tuttle,- Emma
Jones, Sarah
ARENDT— In this city, June 17. 1904. Edwsr*
Arendt, beloved husband of th* late Carotin*
Arendt. and father of Mrs. Frank Zlmmer-
mann of Monterey City and Caroline Arendt,
it native of Hamburg, Germany, aa;ed 78
years 5 months and 20 days. A member of
Gcrmania Lodge No. 110. I. O. O. F., and
Walhalla Encampment No. 7, 1. O. O. F,
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from Odd Fellows"
Hall, where services will be held under the
auspices of Germanta Lodge No. 114. I. O.
O F. Interment Mount Olivet Ometery.
via -electric car from Eighteenth and Ouer-
rero streets. Remains at the funeral par-
lors of the H. F. Maass Company, 917 Mis-
sion street.
ASPDEN— In this city. June 19. 1904, Georg»
H AsDden. beloved son of Joseph Arpden.
end brother of Robert Aspden, a native of
England aged 31 years and 2 months.
tyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), June 18, at 10:30 o'clock, from
the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission
street between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
' ment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric
funeral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
AUGUSTUS— In Oakland. Jun? 17, 1004, Caro-
line, beloved wife of the late Domingo
Augustus, and mother of Mrs. Mary E.
Fratns. Mm. F. Ambrose. Mrs. C. Rogers
and Mrs. E. Marks, a native of Azores, aged
?'0 years 10 months and ti days.
IC? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to atend th ¦ funeral Monday.
June 20. at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1211 Elshteenth avenue, thence to^St.
Anthony's Church, wherrr a requiem raas«
will b* celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commercing at 9 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery. Oakland. Pleasa omit
flowers.
BELL— In* thin city. June 16. 1904, David
Bell a native of Scotland, axed 25 years. *
P"Thf funeral will tak^ place to-day
(Saturday), at 2:'M> o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission itreet.
Interment Mrmnt Olivet Cemetery.
BURNS— In Yountville. Cal- June 14, 1904.
John C. Burns*, a native of New York, aged
7S years. ¦' '
"CTFrtcnda and members of Sotoy-ime
Tribe No. 12. I. O. R. M.. are requested to
attend the funeral Sunday. June l'J. at l:3l>
o'clock, frcm Red Men's Hall. 'O> lost
street. , Rr mains at the parlors of J. S. Go-
deau./SC3 Montsomery avenue. Interment
National Cemejery.
COHN— In this city. June 17. 1904. Simon
Cohn beloved brother of Jacob Cohn rf
SusauvHle E'.ias Cohn of Guatemala antl
Mrs Rcsie Jacobs of (iermany. a native of
Germany, ag'd 04 years.
. t"*TNotice of funeral hereafter.
DOYLE— In Sonora, Tuoiumne County. June
17 V.KV4. Margaret E., beloved wife «f J. B.
Doyle, and mother of Edward and John
• Doyle, a nativa of California.
ELLIOTT— In this city. June 1«. 15KM. Luther
B., dearly beloved husband of Anna Elliott.
Continued on I'ase 11,Con tinned From Pajje Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
They were rehearsing their parts in
an amateur drama.
"Oh, I beg your pardon," said Her
bert, looking at the book again. "I
kissed you at the wrong place."
"Isn't that too .bad!" exclaimed Ame
lia. "Now we'll have to do It all over
again!"— Chicago Tribune.
On account of the depressed condi
tion of the salmon market, many can
neries in Alaska will not be operated
this year. Other packing companies
will go farther north, where they will
catch, less pink and get more red sal
mon. Reds are now selling at $1 25 on
the coast, while pinks are very low,
the minimum quotations being 50 cents.
This is below the cost of production and
there is no profit for those compa'nies
the bulk of whose packs are pinks.
The cause of the unfavorable condition
of the market is overproduction pri
marily.. An effort ¦ has • been made to
maintain prices, but without avail. —
Indianapolis News.
Alaskan Salmon Pack.
Arrived June 17 — Br stmr China, from Glas
50 w and Liverpool; stmr City of Puebla, hence
un« 14.
VICTORIA. B C— Sailed June 17— Stmr
Spokane, for Seattle; stmr Queen, for San
Francisco; schr John A Campbell, for Santa
Rosalia. :
FOREIGN PORTS,
ARRIVED.
Friday. June 17.'
Schr Newark, Reinartset/, 10 hours from
Stewarts Point.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
Japan Purchases Another Steamer.
LONDON, June 17. — Japan has pur
chased the 2873-ton Glasgow steamer
Kirkdale. ,
Steamer Picks Up Survivors.
TOKIO, June 17.— The steamer Ise
has arrived at Kokura carrying more
of the crew and troops of the transport
Sado.
SHANGHAI, June 17.— As a result of
the sinking of the Japanese transports
by the Russian Vladivostok squadron
the sailings of Japanese steamships for
Shanghai have been postponed Indefi
nitely.
Indefinitely Postponed Sailings.
William and Ida Herrmann to George Herr
mann, lot on SW corner of Green and Web
ster meet*. W 206:3 by 137:6; $10.
jBmp J «n<l Katherlne A. Herrmann to sama
same; #10. '
RoFwell L*e to Abraham W. Johnson, lot on
k l 5Vl. T SrJf Btr e«t.-31:3 E of Pierce. E S
by » 81 :C; $10.
George* A. Dolan to Ida E>j<er (wife of J
o D f V£, °s n 25V n w ?00 C f ro erlClC etrMt - " S
e J 1C , k ,' Y 2£J*&1S&i also loT on Sit
of _ Bush ptreet, 110 E of Pierce. E 55 by S
137:6: gift.
Frances and Carl Zoborbler to Grace M.
Pmith, lot on W line of A*hbury street 120 9
S of WalW. S 30 by W 100:3- $10
Frank P. and Geneva H. Ashworth to same,
lot on E Ime of Tremont avenue 120-9 S of
Waller street, S 30 by E 80; $10
Levitt H. and Willie L. Cox to Kate M Me-
I>auchlin. lot on - S line of Frederick s'treet
300 W of Clayton. W 25 by S 137:6; $10
Thomas Shannahan to Annie Conroy e't at
lot on SW line of Tenth street 00 NW of
Harrison. NW 25 by SW 84; gift.
Ellen Herllhy to Delia Norton (wife of
Janvn) lot on NE line of Crocker street *»2
SE of Colton, SE 21:9H by NE 09; $10 '
Chsrles L.. and Jennie E. Barber and Har
riet E. Wilton to Milton A. Wheaton lot on
N line of Fourteenth street. 197:4 E 'of Mla
«ion. E 62 by N 116; $10. '
Patrick Fahey to Jacob Adams,, lot on W
line of Treat avenue, 100 8 of Nineteenth
street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
Estate of LJllle S. or Llllle Wellock (by
Frank P. Stedman, executor) to O. Hrun« lot
on W line of Dolores street, SO K of Seven
teenth. N 64 by W 100; $7000.
Dainy K. Dobbins (formerly Kearney) to
Johanna M. Code (wife of Miles J.) lot on
W line of Capp street. 1C2:6 S of Twenty
fourth. S 32:6 by W 115; $10.
Robert Ash (trustee of Ploche. TSayerque &
Co.. Ploche Ic Bayerque and estate of P L.
A. Ploche) to E. M. Gaivln. lot on 8 line, of
Twenty -fourth street, 125 W of Dolores "W
25 by S 114; $1.
Julius Levin to Anglo-Californlan Bank lot
on N line of Butter street, 67:6 E of Grant
avenue. E 20, N 60. E 20. N 60, W 37:6 S
60. W 2:6. S 60; $10.
Emil Kehriein to Hannah Franklin et al
same, quitclaim deed; $10.
A. Rutf to same, Kama, quitclaim deed: $10
Marcus and Hannah Franklin, Marcus, Jen
nie. Harry and Klcke Wolf and Anulo-Call
fotnlan Bank to I* Friedlander and F. K.
Hruston. same; $10.
S. Ducas Company to Richard and Elizabeth
Barry, lot on SW line of Precita avenue, 165
FRIDAY. JUNE 17.
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
SEOUL, June 17.— Japanese trans
ports have left Japan within last three
days, but most of them have returned
to port, having learned that three Rus
sian cruisers were near by, but two
smaller vessels have not returned and
their whereabouts is unknown. The
authorities are anxious about their
safety.
Fear for Safety of Small Vessels.
BOY INJURED BY A CAR. — Hermann
Miller, a 12-year-old boy residing at 727 Minna
street, while crossing Market street near
Eighth yesterday was knocked down by a
westbound car of the Hayes-street line. | One
of the wheels passed over his left foot. He also
sustained contusions and bruises about the
face. He was treated at the Central Emer
gency. Hospital by Dr. Miller. The Injured boy
was- substquently removed to his home. His
injuries are not serious, although amputation
of one toe may be necessary.
BRIDGEPORT. Ohio. June 17.— President
John A. Topping of the Labelle Iron and Steel
Company has resigned to accept the presidency
of the American Sheet Tin and Plate Company
succeeding W, T. Graham, who has resigned
to accept the presidency of the American Can
Company.
GRIFFITH TRANSCRIPT IS FILED.— The
transcript In the case of Griffith J. Griffith,
the Los Angeles millionaire who was convicted
of maliciously shooting his wife, was filed at
the Supreme Court yesterday. The defendant
was denied bail and. In spite of his millions,
must remain In Jail until the Supreme Court
passes on his case. If the judgment Is not
reversed he will then have to spend his original
sentence of two years at San Quentin. No
opinion in the case may be expected for several
months.
EXECUTRIX APPOINTED. — Christina W.
Brcwn was yesterday appointed executrix of
the will of Matthew Brown, who died in the
Transvaal, South Africa, leaving an estate
valued at J17.C00.
THE ACHATES TO DANCE. — San Fran
cisco Lodge No. 25, Royal Achates, has mad?
arrangements to give an entertainment and
dance in Its lodgeroom. In Pythian Castle,
next Tuesday night.
FEDERAL INDICTMENTS.— Indictments
were reported yesterday by the United States
Grand Jury da follows: John Calhoun Harvey,
for writlnc on obscene letter to his divorced
wife In Idaho, and Eugene T. Throckmorton,
.for forging a postal money order at Gazelle,
Sisklyou County.
TREASURY AGENTS ARRIVE.—Supervis
ing Special Treasury Agent Burton Parker of
Washington, D. C, and Special Agents Q. F.
Cross and Secretary G. W. Stratton arrived
here yesterday for the purpose of making the
annual routine examination of Custom-house
affairs.
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGES
_ FRIDAY, June 17— o p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Aek.l Bid Ask
•s Qr coup.. 10e>£ 107 >.; 4s qr cp new. 1.12 Hm ii
*s or re*. ..106 lWHiHs <jr coup. ..105% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A TV r.«101 — O T Co 6s.. HSU
Bay CPC 5f. — 102 Do 5s 111U112
Cal C G 5k. 102^104 Do con 5s.. — 103
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 5s. — 73
in & ct 5«. 84 U, RT. Om Cable Cs. — 125
Oal-Kt C 5».. — 117*; Pac G Ira 4s fll*i _
C C TTat 5s. — 101 |P K Ry 5k. .1^*1
WL4P fis.124 — |P 4 C n Cs.105 _
y * c 11 o.mvi — if * o n 6*. — us
Geary-et Ba. — CS :Powell-et 6s. 114
H CiS r.Us.lOO — I Sac EG4-R 5s Witt. 9714
DoSt OS 100 |?F & SJV fisllCH —
Hon It T fis.105 — IFIerra R 6s. — 115
L A Elee 5i>. — 105 S V of A Cs
L A Ry f.»..lllT, — (1900) 10%V.
L A L Co 6s — — (1910t 109
. no rtd 6«. — — nnoroPr A.102U
Do rtd r*. 1021,4 — rt90S)Sr B 1O2»4
LAP lem 5».1O1 — flW-fl) . 104U —
Mkt-« C <*.115ti — nni2> .....'ll5 _
wRS.V^" ;* 1145i — SPC lc * 5 » "*> —
M\tMtT .V.inii^ _ Do stmpd.. 107^10814
NRR of Cf.s.in7 1C714>S P B R Cs 131 U —
Do f<» UCH1U 8 V W Cm .105 _
JJ P , C T , R 6 * lor< — rx> 4s 2dm. 93 now
C Ry .', s — 112 Do 4* 3dm. - 93
K C P C U 9S»4 101 fv S mtr 4». 97'4 —
JgSK m | u <>**::*•- I05
"WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 40 [Port Costa. — _
Marin Co... — fiO | s v \V Co. 37>4 37*;
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
C*Tt L & P. 3«i 4 !S F G & R CHi C2
Mutual EL.— 12%jstkn G & E 5\ —
Tac L Co... 57 - ju C t E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Firem'B Fe<J.310 340
BANK STOCKS
>m Nt! Bk.l27>4 — ILPftA 150 lfio
Anjrlo-Cal .. ng S6«4iMer Trust "05 _
ET c °/ <^ 1 " 425 - I Merch Ex. . . .60 —
BAVIXGS BANKS
Orr S JkUSSSOrCO ]Sav A LSo 100
Hum SAL. — — ir«. p av nk Jv»
Mutual Eav.lOO _ Lnlon T C(J - _
S F Bar U.64O — |
KTREET RAILROADS
ralifornia .. — 200 I Presidio .... 40« _
Geary — 00 | »
POWDER.
Giant 00% 61 Ivieorit — B
SUGAR.
J'nr.s P Co. — 15c|Kilauea S C ' * ',
Hawaiian C. 60% — I Ma ka well C ' 21 1' •»
»onokaa P C 11 V4 12 (Ononjea S c' •>* 5 : i/
Hutch 8 I' C — 9 IPaahaa S c' 1*>T4 V«$
MISCELLANEOUS. * U
Alaska P A. 137 I^UJOceanlc s C 4U 4ix
Cal F C A.. 09 100 (Pac A F A..' r, V*
;.i\4Mt Tm.100 — 1
Morning Bessloa.
Boa ro "^~
40 HawaUsn Com & Kuear 50 «-u
20 eprlnsr Valley Water Co 37 75^
f7,CO0 Los Angeles Ry 6s 112 00
Street —
fS Of© Cal Cen G»« A EJec Cs 103 25
Jl.COO CCtEMtCTti 85 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
S3 000 URBofSFU 79 00
25 Mutual Elertrle tight 12 60
S5 Paauran S P Co 13 00
20 8 F Gas & Electric 61 CO
II, COO SFCUlit ccn 6i (fUn>p*6>...10S 00
WASHINGTON, June 17. — The
American battleship squadron com
manded by Rear Admiral Barker has
sailed from Lisbon on $ visit to the
ports of Greece and Austria.
It is reported that after spending
a few days there the American steam
ships will be reinforced by the Euro
pean squadron under Rear Admiral
Jewell and this formidable fleet will
pay a visit to Turkish waters. About
that time Leishman, ( the American
Minister, takes up in earnest again his
negotiations with the Porte to Insure
for Americans in Turkey .the same
rights as are enjoyed by citizens *of
several nations.
British Fleets and Visit to Turk
ish Waters Is Rumored.
Possible Joining of American and
BARKER'S SQUADRON SAILS
FROM POUT OF LISBOX
$2,000 8 V 4a (2a mtn> 00 00
$1,000 U S Sa coupon .....109 00
Btreet— • .
$1,000 Paclflo ElM By Sa...... MM ....106 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bld.Aak.| Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC «». — 99 8 P C Ry 4*. — 100
B L. Wat 6«. — — B P Co 4%s. 09 —
C N W R 6*. — 112 j Sun TAT e».113 —
M C Wat 8s. 100 — 1 Do 6s — 106
Ri« I W 6s. — 107H Sutter-st 6s. 105 113
EF Drdk 6s. — 113% UK of BF *** 78% —
BF ft KP 6s. — 111*
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala 8 Co... — SO |VIat Kar Co. — W
Am Bla Co.. — 90 | Mills Ntl Bk. — —
Cal Cot Mills SO 67 I Nev Ntl Bk.lSO 200
C O & E Cor 43 60 N8RR.... 8% —
C Jockey Cl. — — N.C P C... — 11
' Cal Powder. — 150 Oak Bk Bar..ll2H —
Cal Bhtp Co. 21 27 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I A T.116 — IOOF Hall A « —
Cen Bk Oak — 65 Orpheum Co. — 16
Chutes Co.. — 7H Pao C Ca*..125 —
City & C Bk. — 112 Pac S T & T.100 —
Cyp L I Co. — 7H Pao Surety.. — —
East Dynm.. — 250 Paraf Paint.. SS —
DuP Pdr Co. — 90 S F Drydock CO —
Do com. .. — 60 SF4SJV Coal — 2T
FN Bk Oak. 120 — S J Wat Co — 100
Fischer Thtr — 1/8 OATitbt Co.125 —
Frnch-A Bk.108 — Swrtss-A Bk.113 —
Gas Con A.. — 22 Truckee Elec 11 12%
Hono P Co.. 14 — UR InCo pfd 47 60
Lon S F Bk. — 60 Do com.... 9 —
Morning: Sales.
Btreet —
$5,000 CItRofBF 4s 79 00
Afternoon Baits.
Street —
$3,000 U K R cf 8 F 4s 78 00
California Stockand Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Apollo 46
Associated Trust Certificates. 18 20
Azteo 61
California Standard 18 ....
Caribou 8 25 SCO
Chicago Crud* 20
Ctaremont C8 70
Four ............ .... PS
Fulton 2 60
Giant 15
II.ir.ford ISO 00 185 00
Home 1 60
Imperial ..'. 18 00
Independence 26 27
Kern 4 T5
Kern River 6 00 ....
Monarch (of Arizona) 86
¦Monte Crlsto 65 70
Occidental of W Va 08 ....
Oil City Petroleum 67 '69
Peerless 13 60
Reed Crude 1(0 ....
Sovereign 83 ....
Sterling 2 85
Superior 04 03
Thlrty-threa 8 28
Toltec 21 ....
Twenty-elgrht 8 25 ....
Associated Bonds 79 00
Miscellaneous —
Cal Jockey Club „ 123 00
Fischer's Theater 63 ....
Northern Cal Powtr 1100
SALES.
Morning: Session.
COO Claremoct — TO
Afternoon Session.
100 Caribou «.. 8 65
Mining Stocks.
BAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following: were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning' Session.
800 Belcher 23 1 100 Mexican 120
200 Bullion Ill 300 Seir Belcher .. 07
300 Justice Ill 300 Utah 13
Afternoon Session.
200 Chollar 14| 100 Gould * Cur. 24
100 Con C & Va.l .15 500 Potosl IS
300 Ccn XT 03 300 Silver Hill . . 60
100 Exchequer .. 41|
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Alpha Ill 100 Ophir 4 00
100 Andes 12| 500 Overman 23
10O Andes 13IH00 Potosl 10
200 Challenge ... 15j 300 Seg Belcher .. 03
100 Con C & V.I 32H 100 Silver Hill .. 63
1C0 Mexican 125! 100 Silver Hill .. 60
Afternoon Session.
100 Alpha Ill 100 Mexican ...1 27H
200 Cho'.'.ar 14 300 Yellow Jacket. 22
100 Justice ll|
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Fo'!owinir were the tales on the Ean Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
COO Brunswick .. 1S\'ATa>0 Rescue 10
2C,.*X>0 Esperanza . VZ\ 200 Rescue 11
20UO Gold M Con. 02| 12t)O Ton Belmont.. 71
100 Jim Butler .. 75; 1450 Ton Gold M. 20
140O MacNamara. 41] 1CO0 Ton Gold M. 19
KK> Mont Ton. .2 17^ 400 Ton Midway.. 45
4iX> Kay & O'Brien ll|
Afternoon Sersion.
200 Gold Anchor. 25i 200 Mont Ton ...2 20
l'X) Gold Anchor. 2SJ27O0 Ray & O'Brien 12
l"(iu Gold Anchor. 291 7(>O Rescue .... 10
300 Gold Anchor. 30j 20U Ton Belmont.. 71
100 Jim Butler .. feO| 300 Ton Belmont.. 70
17W> MacNamara . 43|120<J Ton Gold M. 20
1700 MacNamara . 41(1000 Ton Gold M. 23
4100 MacNamara . 4<*.| 500 Ton Midway.. 44
3000 MacNamara . 481212.' Ton Midway.. 4(5
::400 MacNamara . 4»i: 100 Ton Midway.. 47
SixiO MacNamara . 45| 10O Ton Midway.. 4S
r>(»» MacNamara . 47| 200 Ton N Star. . 32
10W MacNamara . 49| 100 Ton of Nev.. 9 £H> ;
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. ,
FRIDAY, June 17 — 4 p. m.
Bld.Ask.l Bid. Ask.
Alpha 10 injustice lu n\
Alta. 05 07iKentuck 03 05:
Andes 12 ISIKeyea Graes.. 1 20
Belcher 24 25! I^ady Wash .. — 06
Best & Belch.l 10 1 20'Aiexican 1 25 1 :;o
Bullion 11 12|occldental ... 79 81
Caledonia ... 71 73IOphir 4 00 4 10
Challenge Con 14 16; Overman 22 n^
Chollar 14 ISil'otoyI 13 14:
Confidence ... 95 1 <!.1I Scorpion .... 10 IS
Con C & Va.l 'M 1 3r>! Savage lfl 21
Con Imperial. (II tttjSe? Belcher . . 07 08 !
Con NY OH Oil Sierra Nev .. M 40
Crown Point. 15 161 Silver Hill .. r,9 «0
East Sierra N 06 — 1st Louis .... 09 10
Eureka Con.. — SO! Syndicate .... 0.1 04
Exchequer .. 40 41|i:nion Con .. 4« 47
Gould & Cur. 23 24! Utah 15 j ( j
Hale & Nore. 74 771 Yellow Jacket. 22 24
Julia OS 09|
TONOPAH MINES.
Eld. Ask. I Bi<J A8k
Colehan — 07| Ray Tonopah. 1« 20
Esperanza ... 02 C3: Rescue 09 10
Gold Anchor. — 401 Ton Belmont.. 70 7*
Gold M Con. 01 (2',Tcn Cash Boy — "5
Hannapah M. 25 — |Ton Exten ..87 —
Jim Butler .. 76 80 Ton & G \V.. 05
Little Ton .. 30 50 Ton Gold M. 19 -0
Lucky Tom.. — 03|Ton Midway.. 4,s I_
MacNamara . 45 — jTon of Nev. — 8 8714
Mizpah Ex .. 10 —^Ton N Star.. 32 —
Mont Ton.. 2 15 2 22V4 Ton & Salt L — so
PaymaFter .. 04 051 United Ton .. 14
Ray Exten .. — 15|West End ..18 —
Ray & O'Brien 11 12|
William A. and Catherine E. O'Connor
(owners) with Charles J. Keenan (contractor).
architect— All work fcr a 2-story and
basement frame buildlnar (flats) on. the E
line of Twelfth avenue, 250 S of • H ' street,' S
25 by E 120; $4767
The San Francisco Theological Seminary
(owners) with William Peacock (contractor),
architects Dodge & Dolllver — All work for five
frame buildings containing 12 flats on the E
line of Bpruco street, 132 :7'^ N of California,
E 131 by S 132:7»i: $37,030.
, Albert Wllford (owner) with John E. Beck
(contractor), plans by owner — AH work except
ehades and decorations for a :s~stnry frame
building (three flats) on the E line of Seventh
avenue 135 N of Fulton (or D) street, N 25
by E 120; $7200.
Same owner with same contractor, architect
same — Same for same, on E line of Seventh
avenue 160 N of Fulton -(or D) street, N 25
by E i20: $7200.
Nell A. Whyte (owner) with Henry II.
Easter (contractor), architect W. G. Hind —
All work for a 1%-story frame building on
the W line of Eighth avenue. 350 S of J street,
S 25 by W 120, outside lands 7C1: $2240.
Builders' Contracts.
Mary J. an.l J. B. Kmraal to Delia Fallon.
lot on K line of Jones street. 137:6 N of
(Jeary. N 25 by K 00; $10.
Anton and Mary Uobrecht to Charles Katz.
lot on NW line of Folsom street, 225 NE
of Eighth, NK 23 by NW ir,0; $10.
Edward M. Calvin to John H. L*wis. lot
on E line of Utah street, 300 S of Twenty
fifth. S«60 by E loo; &vi.
William W, and Carrie F. Itednall to San
ford O. Springer, jot on B line of Vermont
street 200 S of Seventeenth. S 25 by K 100;
$10.
William F. Clark to Cora H. "Weatherby,
undivided 'i of lot on W line of Minnesota
street, 50 N of Coluea, H 75 by W 100; $10.
William A. and Catherine E. Burns to Daisy
S. McCallum (wife of Alexander), lot on NE
corner of California street and Twelfth ave
nue, N 100 by K .'tt.-G; $10.
J J Sweeney to Carl O. !•. Gelnsler, lot on
S line" of Clement street. 82:6 W of Second
avenue. W 0.2 Vi by S 100; $200.
Hind Estate Company to Alice M. Conner
(wife of Ignatius C), lot on \V line of Fourth
avenue, 375 N of Point Ixibos avenue, N 25 by
W 120; $10.
Dennis W. Ryan to Margaret Ryan, lot on
W line pt Third avenue, a25 N of A street,
N 25 by W 120; $10.
Margaret Ilyan (wife of Dennis W.) to £Iary
Daly, tame; $10.
Aurellus E. and Hose A. Buckingham to
Tfccmas H. and Hannah Collins, lot on W line
of Tenth avenue, 200 S of H street, S 23 by
"W 120; $10.
Bartley P. and Kate C. Oliver to John T.
Doyle lot on E .line of Seventh street, 25 N
of Hugo. N 25 by E 05; $10.
Bernhard and Ko.«e Gttz to Arthur C. Camp
bell lot on W line of Forty-seventh avenue, 100
N of J street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
Same to'rarne, lot on E line of Forty-eighth
avenue. 100 N of J street. N 75 by E 120; $10.
Italph and Florence Thorbus to same, lot
on NW corner of Forty^elKhth avenue and J
Btreet. W 57:« by N 100? $10.
Bernhard and Rose Getz to William E.
Brown lot on W line of Ninth avenue, 43.72 N
of N Ktreet. N 25 by \V. 120; $10
Hanora McAllister to Edfcm H. O'Neill, lot
on E comer of Twelfth avenue and G street,
SE 25 by NE 100. lot », block 233, South San
Francipro Homestead; gift. _
Estate cf Caroline F. AlKeltlnger (by C. B.
Perking administrator) to Anna D. Joost, lot
on E line of State street. 250 S of Randolph.
S 25 by E UK), lot 18, block 3*. City Land
Association; also lot on E line of State street.
225 S of Knndoli*. S 25 by»B 100, lot 10. block
Joh^E. Mlliett to Anna G. B. Webster, lot
41 San Miguel Homestead Association; $1.
Lucy A and Alonzo Marlln to George Me-
Cullough. lot 32. Mock F, Lakevlew; $5 .
S Ducas Company V> Americus V. Potter,
lot on "W < om'.r of Woolsey and Glrard streets,
SW 30 by NW 100, block 10, . University
Mound; SI.
Georse Darsle to E. A. F. EBsmann, lot on
W line of I^e avenue. 275 N of Holloway, N
°5 bv W 112:5 lot 3S, block 3, Lakevlew; $250
~ Abble P. and Frederick \V. Page and Addle
E Howarth to A. \V. Johnson, undivided four
tcnths interest In lot on NW line of Thirteenth
avenuV It, NW of J street. NW 75 by SW 100,
block 2C0, South San Francesco Homestead; $G0.
NW of Folsom street, NW 25 by SW 75, lot 6,
Ducas Tract. Precita Valley, 114 to 118: $10. •
F. K. and Maty F. Houston and Ixmis and
Jennie Frietllander to Haird Estate (corpora
tion), same- »10.
"De Turks is kill' up de Christians,"
said Brother Williams. "Yes," replied
Brother Dickey. "But I wish dey'd
come our way — dey*s so many Chris
tians In my settlement needs weedin'
out."— Atlanta Constitution.
BIGGS, June 17.— Mrs. Augusta
Humble, a pioneer woman of Biggs,
native of Germany, committed suicide
this morning at 7 o'clock by taking
strychnine. Her husband said that
during the past two years he has three
times prevented her from* killing her
self. She quarreled with him on ac
count of things she wished for the
house. He told her he was unable to
provide the money, upon which Bhe
again threatened suicide. She fol
lowed him about the. premises, per
sisting In her demand for money, and
finally went to the house. Her daugh
ter and son shortly afterward called
in the doctors, who discovered that
she had taken strychnine. Mrs. Hum
ble refused medical aid until too late
to prevent death.
Demands.
Biggs Woman Takes Her IJfo When
Husband Cannot Meet Her
ASKS VAIXLY FOR 3IOXEY
AND COMMITS SUICIDE
"WASHINGTON. June 17.— Th© Navy
Department to-day made public the
conclusions of the liquid fuel board of
the navy, consisting of Commander
John Edward, Lieutenant Commander
F. H. Parks and Lieutenant B. H. Han
ley, formed as the results of tests cov
ering a period of twenty-eight months
with coal and oil, respectively, as a
navy fuel. In the opinion of the board
an Intelligent flreroom force should find
no trouble In burning oil In a uniform
manner, and for general purposes on
ehore high pressure steam was found
to be a better spraying medium than
air.
Regarding the question of burners
the board says "that as the warship is
designed to be operated at short no
tice, under the severest forced draught
conditions, the question will have to
be considered whether It Is not more
advisable to fit air burners that would
be found most efficient for the day of
battle rather than In an Installation
of steam burners that are most desir
able for general cruising."
The board declares that" no fuel oil
Installation should be permitted for
marine purposes which would not per
mit a return to coal within twenty
four hours in case of the failure of tha
oil supply.
Naval Experts Believe That
Oil Can Be Successfully
Burned on Fighting Ships
LIQUID FUEL
FINDS FAVOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SATURDAY, JUNE IS, 1901.
14
Tliosc who love Jlie thrill of
mystery and the clash and
roar of dangerous adven-
turing will read this
new story in the
XFXT SUNDAY CALL.
TIIK McWILIJAMS SPECIAL.
By Frank II. Spearman.
_^
BCALIFORNIA |j
M LIMITED TO CHICACGK
m LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS |
i at ;>:.'{O a. m., throuyh in 3 days, t]
ga with diner and all trapping!- e|
Other Santa Fe Tralna:
7:30 a. m. 1 fcr Stockton. Fresno, Bakersfleld,
8:00 pirn! J Mer c f d. Hanford and Vlsalia.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:G0 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot, S. T. Also Ilia Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. 37 South First St.,
San Joie.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAH.WAY COMPANY.
Tibnron Ferry, Foot of Market Street.
SAIT FBASTCISCO TO SAN BAFAEL.
WEEK DAVS-Ji7:30, 8:00, 0:00, 11:00 a. m. :
12:35. 2:30, 3:40. 6:10, 5:20, 6:3O and ll:3t>
P. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:30, 8:00 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30
2:30. .3:40. 5:10, 6::tO. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAIT FBAKCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 0:05, G:5O. 7:3.".. 7:50, »:20
11:15 a. m.; 12:50, t2:00. .3:40. 6:00, 5:20,
6:25 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45
p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50, 7:35. 0:20, 11:15 a. m.; 1:45,
3:40. 4:50. 5:00, 6:20, 6:25, 7:50 p. m. tEx-
cept Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive •
San Fran. | May 1. 1904. ( San Fran.
"Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- J Week
Days. I days. [ tlon. (days. | Days.
7:30a -N 7M3a 7:45a
7:30 a 8:00 & 8:40 a 8:40 a
8:00 a 0:30 a Unacio. 10:20 a 10:20a
2:30 p 2:30 p I 6:00 p 6:2Op
6:10p 5:10p 6:2Op 7:25 p
7:25 p
- ! 8:45 p
7:30a 7:30 a 7:45a! 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a[l0:20 a
2:30p 0:30a Petaluma. 6:20 pi 6:20 p
6:10 p, 2:30 p and 7:25 p) 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:43 pf
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:45 p 7:25 p
Windsor. I
7:30 a 7:30 a Htaldsbur*;, 10:20 a|10:20 a
Lytton. I
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyserville. 7:25 p| 7:25 p
1 Cloverdale. |
7:30 at 7:30 al Hoptand 110:20 a|10:20 a
2 :30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
j j Wllllts, T" j
7^0_a|_7:30 a| Sherwood. I 7:25 p] 7:25 p
~fi:00a| 8:00"a| Guerneville and 110:20 a[10:20~a
2:30 pi 2:30 p Camp Vacation.} 8^45 p| 6:2l>p
*8:00a 8:00a 8:40a~8~40a
6:10 p 0:30 a Sonoma, 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p Glen Ellen. 8:45 p
7:30 al 7:30 al 110:20 a|10:20 a
2 :30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. |7:25p|6 :20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Burke'n Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton SprlnKs; at Geyservllle for Skates
Springs: at Clovrrdale for the Geysers. Boone-
vllle and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Keliieyviiie. Cans-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakcport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley
John Day's. Riverside, Lierley"s, Bucknells."
Sanhedrln Heights, Ilullvllle. Orr'« Hot
Springs. Halfway House, Comptche. Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg.
We»tport, UmI; at WUllts for Fort Bragg.
Weatport, Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo Layton-
ville. Cummins. Bell's Springs, Harris, Oisens.
Dyer, Garbervllle, Pepperwood, Scotia and Eu-
reka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafarl at half rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
traiidlns.
JAS. L. FRAZIER, It. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. ] Gen. Pae*. A£t
RAUjWAYJTOAVEL.
#Tr»ha» !•»?• sad sr« *»^
toarriT.M
SAN FRAKCISCO.
J"so« Jm 1. 1304,
Fis»t Drrrr
(Toot of Msrket Stne*.)
\.«a»« — MAIN LINE. - AntTr
7.00a Vscartlie. WlnMrs. Itnmiey 7.50a
7.00a Banicla, Salian, Klmlra aad Baerv
mento 7-23»
7J0AV»!leJo, Napa, C«!lsK)«n. SsaU
Kosa, Msxtlne*. Saa Karaon B 2C»
7-30A Nil's. Lircrmore. Tr»cy. L»thro».
Stockton 7.23»
LOOASbMta Express— (Via DatUK
Wllllsm* (for DarUett SprJa«s>.
Willows, tFrato. ICed Mat,
Portland. Tscoms, Beattle 7-80*
t 00a Darts.Woodlsnd. KnlgbU Landtag;
XUrytTllle, Orovllle 7-6C*»
8-30A Port Costa. Msrtlnex. Aatloctt.
Byron. Tr»cy. Stockton. New-
mso. Los Baoo*. M«ndot«.
Armona. IUnfori. Vlsalia.
Porterrlll* 4^8»
t -30a Tort Costa. Latnrop. Modesto,
Merced. Fresno. Uoshen Juno
tlon, Usnford. Vlialls, Bakers-
oeld «-5Cj»
•JOAHlles. Sao Jo»e. UTerroore. Stoelc-
ton, (?Milton). lone. 8*crament«^
PUcerrille, MarjsTlUe. Calco,
Bed BlBff 4.2C»
IJOa Otkdsle, Cblnese. JamesMwn. So
nor*. Taolnmae snd Anuel* 4.?9s»
800a Atlantic Rzprcss— Osden »nd E«iV. 1120*
9 -50a Richmond. lUrtlnes »nd W*7
st»:toD» 8 50s»
10-OOATbe OrerUnd Limited — Ogden.
DenTcr. Omsba, Cblcago. • 20m
1000a Vsllojo 12J0»
10.00a Los Anrelas Passeaffer — Port
Costa. Martinez, Brron,- Traer.
Latfarop. Stock ion. Meree4,
Raymond. Fresno. Goaaen Juno-
y tlon. Ilanford, Lemoore, Vlsalla.
Bakertileld. Los An^elea /.TO*
I?.COht n»yw»rd. NHesaiKt Tvay Stations. 3. 23"
ti -OOP BvrracaentoIUTer Steamers. ttlOO?
3-30P UenVX W|a:er«. Saeraaento,
Wootllsad. Kn'sbts Laadlnc
M»ry«T:::e. Oro-rllle sod way
sutloas . 19-*0*
9-3Ct> Hay wari. Nlles and Way 8tatlcn».. 1&Q*
5-30PJfort Costa, MarUaes, Byron,
Tracy. Latnrop. Me- let to.
Merced. Bcrentla. Fre*ao and
W»y Stations Beyoad Port Cost* 12.73*
5-SCp Toieinlte Valley. Tf» Bertnda an4 *
TTswona _.._ • 50*
S-30P Martinet. Tmoy. Stockton. L«di... 10.20a
400p Martln«t,San Untnoa. Va!leJo,X»pa,
Ca!Uto(t». StoUildM. 9 20^
4 CCp 5llea. Tracy, Stockton. Lodl ...... 4.20*>
4-SOP Bayward. jllles. Irrtngtoo. Saa I t3.50*
Joae. Ltvernore } 111.50^.
S4)0PTbe Owl Limited— Newman. Loa
Bano*. M>-n'ici», Freano. Tnlara,
m 'Jl Bakersnelfl.LoaAnc«lea. 8^04
B.COp Port Cosu. Tracy, Stackeoa ,,, - 12 20*
tSMp Ilaywara. 5 lies aad Saa Joe* ..— . 7.20a
•¦OOP Hay ward. NJlf*M><l San Jam 9 SO*
643Of»Ka»t<-rn ExpreM— Ocdea. Dearer
Oimaka, til. Lcmls. Chicago an<t
East, rla J*jrt Coata. Balsnn,
Klxatra. Da»l». Saerameato, Col-
.„„ fax. Ken* . I.S0*
f .00p Yallelo, dally, ezcepc dsnday.... I y •<,—
7JJ0P Vallejo, Soaday cn!y «f 7 ' 601 "
7.00P Richmond, gas Pablo, Port Costa,
Uartlnei snd Way Stations 11-234
7-CGp Oregon & California Express— 8ao-
nmtnto. MaryaTllle, IlOikltBC,
PorUaod, Pugei Sound and Bast. S.804
S-OoPBeao Passenger— for* Coita. 6'il-
•nn, Klmlra, DaTts, Sacrameato, ,
Trnckee. Lake Taboe. and Way
Stations beyond Sacramento.... 7X0M
t.lOP Bayward. N lies and San Jote (Soar
dayoflly) 11-BOa
COAST LINE Oarr.w 4i«a«s).
m (Pool of Marfcet Btreet.)
7.45 a Baata Cruz ExfarsioniSnuday only) 8-10^
8-16a Newark. Ceaterrlile. San Joae,
Fe!t»a. B«alderCr««k. BlgBasta.
Santa Cruz and Way Stations... 6 55»
18-IBa AlTarado. Kewark, San Joae, Loa
Catos.Glenwaod, F niton. Boolder
J r ri Crttt. Biff Basin. Santa Crux.... g.10*
tZ>iS# Kewark, C'enterrllle. San Jose,
New Almaden.Los Oato4.Feltoa,
Hoaidrr Cr«ek. Santa Cms aad
Prtnetpal Way St»tlon» 1048*
4.1&P Newark. Sao Joae. Loa Oatoa and
way station* tS-BSA
4-15p Wrlgbt, Felton. Boulder Creek and
Saata Crnz. t atarday and Sunday #
m oa»y »8 6o>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRYT"
Tiem SAN KV.A.X CISCO. Foot of Uarket 81 (SUpO
~r-:U »:0O 11:00 *.«. 1.00 3 00 5. lorn
From OAKLAND. Kuot of Broadway — t«:M» tf.»
tl:06 10:00 a.m. 12 CO 2.00 400 r.m.
COAST LINE (Sroad Uu ( ».
CT~ ( lblrd and Towaaend Streeu.)
B.10A StnJowind Way Station* 6 30»
17. OQa San Jo*o and Way Stations 6-40P
7.15a Monterey snd Santa Cruz Kxcsr-
ilon (Sunday only) 10^0»»
I.BOa Hew Almaden (Tnea.. Frkl, only), 4.1Qs»
I COa Tbe Coaster— Stopa only Saa Josa.
Gtlroy (connection for riollta-
ter). Pajaro, Caatrortlle (eon-
nectlon to aod from Monterey
and Paclflc Urore). Salinas. Saa
Ardo, Paso Heble*. Santa Mar-
garita. San Lais Oblspo, principal
stations tnence Surf (oonneetton
for Lompoe), principal stations
tbrnc* Santa Barbara.9 an Buana-
rsntura. MoDtalro, Omu-d, Bur-
bask. Lo« Angeles 10-41**
• .COa Saa Jom. Trea Finos. Capltola.
SantaCraz.PactfefirtTe.Sallnaa,
Ean Lais Obtspo and Principal
Way Stations 4-10*
10.30a Sin Jose and Way Stations 1.20P
11 -30a Santa Clara, San Jote. Los Oatos
aod Way Stations #-30s»
1.30P San Joae and Way Stations 8 36a
tS-00Pl>el Maate Kxprets— Santa Clara,
Ean Joan. Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific Grove (ronneeta at Santa
Clara, except 6nnday. for Santa
Crnx. BooMer creek and Narrow
Game Points) 12-13*
I-30PP*ctflc Urore Way Paasensrr, Bqr-
ilDiratn*. Ssn Jose aad Way S'v
tlonii, connects at Gllror for II. -|.
lister, Trrs Plnos. at Pajsro for
Capttnla. Santa Crux at C*stro-
vllli- for Salinas. 10.45*
4 30p Sio Jose and Way Stations t3 CO*
T5 OOP Santa Clara, San Jose, Los Gatoa,
Wright and prtnclpal Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) *9 CO*
(5-30p San Joie and Principal Way Stations 13.4Q4
6 460 Banset Express.— Kedwood. Pis
Joie.GUroy.9allnas.Paso Hoblea.
San Luis Oblspo. Ssnta Barbara,
Los Anajeles. Iteming-. Kl Paao,
Kew Orleaoa. New Vork. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Saata Crus
and at CantroTiil* for Paclflo
Grore snd Way stations 7.TBA
ff IEp EaDtlateo. Berenford.Belniont.sSaa
L'arloa. Kertwood. Fair Oaks,
MenloTark. Palo Alto t€ 4S»
6 IOp Can Jo«e aad Way Stations. 6.38a
S.OOp Pa'.u Alio »nd Way Stations 1U.l5-»
11.20P 6ouib»an Frimclsco. Mlllbraa. Bar-
llngsme, San Mnteo, Belmnnt,
San Carlos. Kodwood, Fair Oaks,
ilenlo Park, and Palo Alto 9.45»«
• U-JflP llayli«ld, Muuntaln View. Sunny-
Tale, Lawrence, Santa Clara and
San Jose t3.46»
A fur Mornlnic. P fur Aftarnooa.
lSondar excepted. t SaaJut oalr
a Saturday only. • Monday only.
)S;uB» M all stations 00 Sunday.
WOaJy trains stopping at Vaieacl* 3c soatkbonn4
sre»:lUA.n.. ~. vua. m.. 7:13 a. «.. ;1:JI'a. ji.. 1:jo*.m
? ;a< P. m. and b:CU r.H.
PTOSANRAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc*
Via SansaJlto r«rry.
suburban'seuvice. standard gauge.
Depart from San Francisco, week days, at
6-30 7-10 1Ao. 8:30 9:13 10:00. 11:00 a. m.
(11:40 a. ra. Sausalito only), 12:20, 1:45. 3:15.
4:00, 4:35 6:15. 5:50. 6:25. 7:15. 9:00. 10:20.
11-35 p m'. Sundays and legal holidays, depart
at' 710 7:45, 8:30 9:15. 10:00. 11:00. 11:40
a, m" 12:20. l:C0- i:45. 2:30. 3:15. 4:00, 4:33.
6:15. "5:50.' 6:23. 7:15. 8:15. 9:00. 10:20, 11:35
p in
'Arrive at San Francisco week days, 6: IT.
7:00, 7:35 8:15, 8:43, 9:35. 10:20. 11:05 a. m..
12:05. 1:25. 2:50, 3:*3 4:20, 0:03. 5:40. 6:13.
6:53. 7:55. 10:05. 11:25 p. ra. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45,
2:in%. S:5O p. m.
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:43 a. tn..
3-lS p m., 5:15 p. m. fex. Sat.). On Sunday*
and legal holidays at 7:45. S:30. 9:15. 10:0O.
11:00. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45, 2:30. 7:1S
and 8:13 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way station*).
9:15 a. m.. Sundays ocrj- — For Point Reyes,
3": 13 p. m. dally except Sunday— For Caza-
dero. ate. . '' _
5:15 p. m.. dally except Saturday and, Sun-
day—For Point Reyes, etc. ¦
7:15 p. m.. Sundays only— For Point Reye».
8:15 p. tn.. Sundays only— For Cazadero. etc.
TICKET OFFICE — H2B Market St.
FERRY — Union Perot*, foot of Market St.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Lfsto TU ftsSMlit* ttnj ArrtTe
San Fraucinco Ks«t «f iitUt St. San Frand»co
Week Sun- J-! 53»»«^ huu ' We « l
Days. days. J&ft&f&k. _' 1 *>!: V*?*.
T~8 307 f^aSii^ 12:4Br* 8:45l
10:00a VS3SSli$yJ 2:05pM1:05*.
10:00a 11:00a \tw«jn*T 3:35 r 3:35 i»
5-16 p 1:45 p >«<*X 6:15 r 10:05 1
I 4:35 P 8:50 P :
* Vis CriTity far. * TaaalpaU ts Bin Talisy.
Tickxt (826 Mabkjct St. (North Shore Railroad)
Orrices (and Sausauto Fkrry, Foot Market St.
TILE LAST OP THE EBB.
By Henry E. Rowland.
A page. of fiction that Is truly
fascinating In Its unique
conception nnd striking
situations.
NEXT SUNDAY CALXn
DEATH NOTICES.
tyrnf+nneA From Page Thirteen.
m. tiMXlrm of Zntaoifc e*»d « /e«» * ™*^J
lad 14 <UT«. <C2Jlc«*o *nd H* An*el««
fuUy invited to Mtend the KW+l "•"£2!
f o^^.Sf^rAs^rc^
405 Powell etreet. Interment Odd Fellow*
FITZSIMMOXS— In tb!« dty, £«>• "•.*?£;
Ellen, beloved daughter of £•»«?• <£*£?
Kitartmincnc, a natlv* cf County Cav*n.
Irrland, a«*d T3 jr*»r«. __-.»
fully invited to attend the funeral UMlay
<F*turd«y) at S:30 o'clock, from the parlora
of j!c O'Connor A Co.. TC7 Mls«lon street,
thence to St. Joseph 1 « Church, wherea re-
qutem hi«rh mass will b* celebrated for
the reiw*e of her eoul at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cfmffry.
HC1XEMAN-— In thU dty. Jut>»" 1«. 1004.
Kwha Helneman. relict of H. S. Helnemsn,
*md beloved mother of Jacob, JoseDh H..
l^eon and Dfrtha Heineman. a natlv* of
Barchfeld. Prusata. a*ed 7" year* 3 month*
and ."• da>-«.
tyFrlenfl* and arcualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock, from her late, resi-
dence, '1706 Baker rtrert. Interment Salem
Ometery. t>' electric funeral c*T from
nirfcteenth and Guerrero «tre«ti at 11
o'clock.
EIL1--In thl« c!tr. Jon* 18. l»04. Godfrey 8.
Hill buloved father of tin. Graham Menxlee
Mn' It M. niair, lire. Stewart Menile* and
•Tamei W. Hill, a native of Glaesow, Bcot-
land. ased C3 years.
CTlntennent ta-dar (BatorfaT> at Moun-
tain View Onvtory. Oakland, where funeral
servlcei will be held at 3 o'clock.
JACOBS — In this city. June 17. l&Ot. Florence
Janette Jacob*, beloved daughter of Louis
and Soplile Jaccba, a native of Ban Fran-
cisco. ec«*d 3 months.
JOXTTS — In Oakland. June 16. 1904. Sarah.
wife of VT. S. Jones, and mother of A. H..
W. B. and Annie A- Jones, 0> native of
Vale*. f-r«*d Cl years.
CTTrtends end acquaintances are- reypect-
ful!y lnv:le<J to attend the funeral pei-vlces 1
Sundty. Jun» 19. at 2:30 o'clock, at her late
residence. 1230 Magnolia street. Oakland. In-
terment private.
KEEXAN- In this city. June 1C, 1004. Mary,
beloved wife of the late Owen K»enan, and
mother of May. Susie and the late Joseph
Keenan and sister cf Mrs. McGowan. a
native of Cour.ty Cavtn. Ireland. ac*d 42
years.
UTtVIS— In Alatneda. June 17..19O4. John W.
L*e wle. a native of Enrland. ««1 63 years.
P^TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
full invited to attend lY<e funeral services
Saturday. June IS. at 2 o'clock, from th«
family residence. 2521 Central avenu*. A!a-
meda. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
MICHEL.^— In this dty. June 17. 19O4. Wil-
liam K. MIcheM. dearly beloved husband of
Annie Michell. a native of Germanv. aped
65 years 8 months and 30 days. (Wisconsin
find Galena, III., papf-rs p!eae» copy.)
CTTri'-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), June 19. at 1 o'clock, from his
lste residence. "S Chenery etreet. thence to
Masonic Temnle. corner Post and Mont-
gomery *tre*ts." where servicee will be held.
cornmencir^ at 2 o'clock. Cremation Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
15ORSK— In this dty, Jun« 17. 1904. Mra.
Josephine Morse, a. native of New Tork,
aped 38 years.
ISTTEBAT'MER— At Ix>* A!lsoi>. Suncl, June 17,
15**4. George 1^. Nuebaumer. dearly belored
husband of Florence A. Xu»baumer. and
brother of Albert and Emil Niubaumer and .
J!rf. VT. 'U'hitmcre, ared &2 years.
PACIITIGER— In the City and County Hos-
pital, June 17. 1'JO4. August Pachtlirer, a
native of Switzerland, • aged 40 years.
PITMAN— Sweetly pas^d away. June 16. 1904,
at his home. 17Sa Walnut street. Berkeley,
'¦"aptaln Ilenrj' Clark 1'itman. a native of
Ma^xachusetls, :¦=¦ - S3 years 3 months and
9 days.
EHEA— In this city, June 17. 1904. James, be-
loved son of Annie and the late James Shea,
a native of Pan Francisco.
ty The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Bunday). ct 12 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1T75 Golden Gate avenue, thence to
Holy Cross Church. Interment private.
I'l»-a«e omit flowers.
EMITH— In this city, June 17. 19M. George
I*, trether of Mrs. Mathew Turner
of Jian Francisco and Francis Smith of
»"uramcnpa. Cal., a native of Maine, aped
OTJ y«-ars and ~ dayF.
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsned & Co.. JHt! Mission etreet. Cre-
mation Odd Fellcvrs' Cemetery.
THOMI-sriX— In Lcs Gatos. Cnl.. June 17.
IIKH. William C, beloved son of Fanny and
the late William H. Thompson, and brother
of P. R.. H. G. and F. C. ThjmpFcn, a na-
tive of We« Vlreinia, aged 24 years 5
month* and 22 days.
Zy Friends and acquaintances an» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at !<:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of !¦!¦¦¦! & Co.. ri+C Mission stro°t. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. - 0
B1EMANN— In this city. June 15. 190». Her-
man F. Tiemann. beloved husband of Anna
Tiemann. end father of Herman F. Jr. and
Hdna M. Tk-mann. a native of Hanover.
Germany, aced 41 years 2 months and 25
rtaye. A member of "TJureka Ix.ir- No. 213.
F. mid A. M.. of New Vork City: Nord-
deutscher Verein. and Beer Drivers' Union
of the Pacifx Coa-st.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday. June 1". at 2 o'clock, from the
parlors of H. F. Sufcr & Co., 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Kichth. under
the auspices of the Norddeutscher Verein.
Infrment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
TI'TTLK— In this city. June 1G. 1904. at her
residence. 2TUS Pacific avenue. Emma Tuttle.
wife of Cartain Francis Tuttle, United States
Revenue Cutter Service.
C7Funcral rervices at residence 2918 Pa-
olflc avenue, at 2 o'clock. Saturday, June 18,
Interment private.
::their first love"
. f. . • . .¦¦
One of the Sunday Call's beautiful art supplements in black and white will be
issued free with next Sunday's edition. The art pictures issued by The Call are far
superior to anything of the kind ever offered by a newspaper in the great West.
" "~~ „,. F ,^.. tv ..y r _, iVl ., . ~ ¦ .... '
"THEIR FIRST LOVE." Size HxiOy, mch«.
FRAMING INSTRUCTIONS.
A very effective .way to frame picture "Their First Love" would be to frame in
close with two or three inch Flemish brown oak and burnished gold or in ebony and
burnished gold. A i-inch molding with a^-inch mat to match would also be very
suitable.
Buy the Great Sundav Call. Sold by AH Newsboys, News Agents, Etc.
PRICE 5c PER COPY—
Notify this office if you fail to secure a paper when asked for.FLOUR— California • Family Extras, $4 600
4 80 usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 50®4 SO:
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 8534 25
per bbl -
MILLSTUFFS— Prices ln packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $.1 60 per 100 lbs:
Rye Flo"ur. $3 50: Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour.
$7- Corn Meal. $1 50; extra cream do. $4 25;
Oat Groats. $4 60; Hominy. $4@4 25; Buck
wheat Flour. $4 60®4 75; Cracked Wheat. $4;
Farina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 75-
Boiled Oats. bbls. $7 25©8 60; ln sacks. $G 75«
8 10: Pearl Barley. $0;' .Split Peas, boxes. $7;
Oreen Peas, $5 50 per .100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Miscellaneous Markets.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. June 17.— CATTLE—
Receipts, 2000; market steady. Native steers.
$4 50I&C 50: native cows and heifers. $2 259
5 40: stockers. and feeders. $.1SJ4 70; bulls,
$2 r>0(i5U : calves. $2 50@4 60: Western steers,
$4 2.-.<f7«: Western cown. $2 25#4 25.
HOGS— Receipts. SOOO: markaU 5c higher.
Bulk of Kales'. $-i 83<S5 124; heavy. J4 93©
5 074: packers. $4 00®3 05; plge and light.
$4 25®* 95. ,.
SHEEP — Receipts. 20C0: market steady.
Muttons $4 50<6M 00; lambs. $5@6 75; range
wethers.' $4 25®4 00; ewes. $3 5064 60.
Kansas City.
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices Fresno for 1903
crop (subject to change without notice) are as
follows: 50-lb boxes — Loos« Muscatels. 4-crown,
4c per lb; 8-crown. 4V4c: 2-crown. 4e: Malaga.
loose. 3-crown. 4c: 2-crown. 3%c: Thompson's
seedless, 4c; seedless Sultanas, 34c: Seedless
Muscatels. 3Uc: do floated. 34c; Seeded Rals
ins. 16-oz cartons, fancy. -34c; choice. SVie;
12-oz cartons, fancy. 44c: choice. 4%c; In
bulk fancy 5«ic; choice, 5c; Imperial clus
ter*. $3: Dehesa. $2 50; fancy. $2; London
Layers. 3-crown. $1 33 : 2-crown. $1 25.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. I softshell. 134«14c:
No. 2. 11 Vj U 12c; No. 1 hardshell. 138134c:
No. 2 116114c; Almonds. 114c for Nonpa
reils. 11 4c for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and OUc tor Languedoc; Peanuts. 697c for
Eastern: Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $4 S0G3.
HONEY— Comb. 114@124c for white, and
10<Sllc for amber; water white extracted. 59
6c; light amber extracted. 44@5c; dark.
3464c
BEESWAX— 27©28c per lb.
Dried Fruits JJuts, Raisins, Honey.
FRUITS — New crop futures — Apricots, 7S8c:
Peaches. 3H93%c per lb. Old crop — Apricots,
syiOc for Royals and 9912c for Moot-parks;
Evaporated Apples. 4KQ6c; sun-dried. 3044c;
Peaches. 7$Sc; Figs, white. 2493c In boxes!
black. 4V«o; Plums, pitted. 5@74c per lb.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2©2%c for the four
sizes
NETV YORK, June 17. — Interest In the stock
market to-day remained entirely centered in
the Southern Pacific stock issue. This plan
w«l« dlwtrectly casvajned from every point of
view. There m - as considerable speculative ac
tivity In Union Pacific ajid Southern Pacific
e« a, cctKHjuence. The early advance In Union
]*acific was due l n part t-v a rumor that a
decision in favor of the Union Pacific party
r. if to be banded down ln the Northern Kecuri
lie* case upholding its contention for the re
turn of the Northern Pacific stock as origin
ally deposited. There wns more or less diverg
ence in Cie conrre of the two stocks, as was
the cat* yesterday and the day before, and
this ca-d the effect of repressing operations in
the genera.) market owing to the confusion of
s*rtinient. Dealings fell away to the dullest
of the «reek ln the Utter part of the <la.y and
prices ciung closely to last night's closing
level. The nature of the dealings on the curb
ln Southern Pacific subscription rights and ln
the sew preferred stock when Issued bad Its
part ln upeettln; nentiment. Both the rights
and the new stork were heavily sold. The
prwision cf a privilege to redeem the proposed
stock at 115 for a period ef five years *u
the ff"» It was argued that this would
»-rrve sts a limit for the open market price of
lit stock *£(! buyers would be disinclined to
Nezv York Stock Market.
NEW Y2.13C. June 17. — Money on call, easy;
highest, li« per cent; lowest. 1; ruling rate.'
14: last loan. 1'4: cloetr.g bid. 14; offerei
fat l : i- Time loans, weak; sixty and njnety
dsye. 2324 per cent: six months, .1S3^ per
cent. Prime mercantile paper. :; ! ;'/i - -_. per
«*• m. Etc-rltng exchange firmer, with actual
butir.eK* in bankers' bills at $4.672O($4-i!<7&} :or
dfmand and at $4.S520@4.K^;5 for sixty-day
bills. PoMed rates, S4 86$4 tfS. Commercial
bills. *4 tOiiA 834. Uar silver. ;.:.-.,. Mex
ican dollars. 444c. Government bonds, steady;
railroad bends, firm.
New York Money Market.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is a
little firmer, particularly for prime fruit.
NEW YORK, June 17.— FLOUR— Receipts.
I4.7CO barrels: exports. 4500 barrels; market
Inactive and lower. Winter patents. $3<g5 :{0;
winter straights. $4 S0@4 95; Minnesota pat
ent*. $4 W0®5 25; Minnesota bakers'. $3 75@4.
WHEAT— Receipts. 3600 bufhels. Spot, easy
No. 2 led. nominal, elevator, and $1 074 f o'
b. afloat: No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 01 \ i
o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal'
f. o. b. afloat.
A severe break in July wheat to-day, due to
liquidation, was resisted for a time by other
months, owing to d<mands from shorts against
sale* of July. Eventually, however, with
crop news all bearish the whole market weak
ened and closed He to 1C lower July
80 13-lC$91c. closed b& 15-16; September s.-|';
GSiVjC. closed S3T4c; December, 83Hfj84c.
PETROLEUM— Easy. • - ' • '
COFFEE— Spot, firm; No. 7 Invoice 7Uc
rcild. firm: Cordova. 04C12c. The market for
coffee futures closed *t«ady at a net gain of
5010 points. Total sales. 03,250 bags In
cluding: July. 6.00#ti.l0c; September. 6 °5@>
6.35c; October. 8.40: December. 6.5506 63c-
March. 6.S5S0.05c; May, ".f«®7.10c -
SUGAR— Raw. steady; fair refining, ,1«c
centrifugal, 96 test, 3 27-32c; molasses sugar
34c; refined, quiet; crush.*!, 5.60c; powdered,
5c: granulated, 4.90c. •
BUTTER — Firmer; creamery, common to
extra. 13$lsc; State dairy, common to extra,
13&17c: Western factory, common to choice
110134c: Western imitation creamery, com
mon to choice, i:t$r luc.
CHEESE — Firm: State full cream, small
colored, TUflSc; email white, 6«4©7'' / ic- large
colored. 6V»07T»e; large white. C%©7%c.
EGGS — Quiet and steady; Western extra se
lected. 174618c: firsts. l«y.®17c.
DRIED FRUITS.
New York Grain and Produce.
The Claremont Oil Company has declared Its
first dividend at the rate of 1 cent per share,
payable June 25.
The Homestake Mining Company of South
Dakota will pay' a regular monthly dividend
ot 25 cents per share June 23.
The Horn Silver Mining Company of Utah
has declared a dividend of 5 cents per share,
payable June 30.
The Paso Robles Springs Hotel Company has
levied an assessment of 910 per share, delin
quent July 19.
The United Railways Investment Company
dividend on the preferred stock Is cumulative
at the rate of 5 per cent per annum: three
semi-annual dividends of 14 per cent have
been paid; the. present payment Is an increase
of one quarter of 1 per cent, making for the
two years total payments of 6v; per cent,
against 10 per cent due. The 3% per cent
still owing must be paid to the shareholders
before any dividend can be paid on tfie common
stock.
The Cypress Lawn Improvement Company
paid a regular quarterly dividend of 10 cents
yesterday.-
Large blocks of mining stocks continue to
change hands en the San Francisco and Ton
opah Exchange, as will be seen by tne list
of sales below. The ether mining stocks are
quiet, snd the oil stocks are meetls* with UttU
attention. Business on the Bond Exchange ts
also small, with fluctuations few and unim
portant.
The Mechanics' Savings Bank has declaretl
its first dividend at the rate of 3.25 per cent
per annum for the first halt of this year, pay
able July 1.
The California Safe Deposit and Trust Com
pany has declared semi-annual dividends In Its
savings department at the rat* of 3 per cent
per annum on ordinary deposits and -3.60 per
cent on terra, payable July 1. These are the
same rates as paid for the preceding six
months.
The Tonopah Mining Stocks Con
tinue the Favorites.
EASTERN 3IARKETS.
Nezv York Dry Goods.
NEW YORK. June 17. — Total ImDorts of
dry goods at this port for the week ending to
day were valued at $l,705.S33.
FOR FRIDAY. JUNB 17.
Flour <jr sks .. 14,570! Pelts. No. 130
Wheat, ctls 331 Hay. tons t95
Barley, ctls 4.937: Straw, tons .... Vt
Oats, ctls 889|Wool. bales .... VJ2
Corn. West, ctls 1.20O| Hides. No. ..... 272
Potatoes, sks .. 3.171! Leather, rolls .. 1*1
Onions, sks ... 1.110 Lime, bb!s .... 227
Bran, sks .110' Shorts, sks .... 10»
Middlings, sks.. 59OMV]ne. gals .... 32.S2S
Tallow, ctls ... 2041 Powder, car .... 1
Receipts of Produce.
Futures closed steady: June, 10.85c; July,
10.93c; August 10.51c: September, 9.82c; Oc
tober, 9.56c: November; 9.4Sc; December,
U,.C2e; January, 9.5«c.'
Spot closed quiet, thirty points lower; mid
dling uplands, 11.70c; middling gulf. 11.05c
sales. 1047 bales.
NEW YQRK. June 17. — Futures opened
weak: June lO.OO&ll.lOc; July 11.10c; Aug
ust, 11.07c; September, 9.S7c; October. 9.57c;
November, 9.50c; December, 9.50c; January,
0.58c.
New York Cotton Market.
OMAHA. June 17. — CATTLE — Receipts. 1100;
market steady: native steers. $5 75@6 25; cows
and heifers. $1 6O«5 20: canners. $203 25:
stickers and feeders. $2 50Q4 20; calves. $2 50
@.-> K0- bulls. $2 '5ft I 60. .
HOGS — Receipts. SOCK); strong tn 5c higher:
heavy. $4 05^5 05; mixed, $4 S5@4 00; light.
$1 70^4 90; pigs. ?4®4 60; bulk of sales. ?4 85
<Q\ 9S.
SHEEP — Receipts, 200; steady to stronger:
Western yearlings. *4 85#5 35; wethers. $4 75
fJ5 25; ewet. .$* .V^SB; common and stockers,
$3@5; lambs. $5 75g7.
Omaha.
CHICAGO, June 17.— CATTLE— Receipts.
2C0O- weak: good to prime steers. $3 50JJB 30;
poor to medium. *4 60<fi5 50; etockers and feed
ers $3fl4 75: cows. $2fll CO; heifers. $2 50®
5 45- canners.. Jl 7.V&2 75; bulls. $2 50fi4 5o :
calves $2 5WS5 25; Texas fed Kteers, $565 60.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 2S.O00; to-morrow,
WOO- strong tt> 5c higher; mixed and butchers,
$4 fl5fl.". l.V good to choice heavy, t,1 0S«5 20;
rough heavy. $4 Mtf5 05; light. $J S535 10;
bulk of sales. $M?6 10. . .
SHEEP — Receipts. 4000: steady to strong:
pr.cd to choice wethers. $4 85fW> 25; Western
sheep $4 50S-5: native lamb*. $55/0 50; West
ern lambs $607; spring lambs, $3®7 63.
Chicago.
CATTLE. SHEEP AND HOGS.
CHICAGO. June 17. — On the Produce Ez
chnnce. to-day, the butter market wns steady.
Creameries. 1346174c: daries. 114«18c.
Eijks. easy: 14«il4 4c.
Cheese, weak: 7V4€*c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..96 00% 95% 90%
OATS — The market Is quiet and quotations
for old grain on the spat remain unchanged.
Holders of new crop are firm In their views
and unwilling to let tfo at current quotations
and free bids of $1 13 for new red fail to
move sellers.
White, $1 40@I 45; Black. $1 20(31 25: Red.
$1 2001 30; Gray, nominal. New crop red
$1 15©1 20 per ctl.
CORN — The market shows no new feature.
Receipt* of California descriptions continue
light and the West continues the main source
of supply.
Western sacked, $1 50@l 55 for Yellow.
$1 47401 524 for White and $1 45©l 50 for
Mixed; California large Yellow, $1 55; small
round do, $1 05@l eO; White. $1 65 per ctl;
Egyptian. $1 32%©1 424 for White and $1 259
1 30 for Brown. . .
R.YE— $1 30® 1 324 Per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at $1 75g2 per ctl.
December
Session 2 p. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
05W 0«H . 05% 06>i
FUTURES.
Se«ilon 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Feed. $1 01% 61 03%; Brewing, $1 05@l 10;
Chevalier, $1 02461 10 for fair to choice.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. \ Low. Clotie.
December ..$127Vi fl 27V, $1 26% $127%
Session 2 p. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December $1 27M.
BARLEY — Continued light arrivals -keen the
market firm. There is fair activity in futures
and some sales of the new crop to arrive at
about ?1 are reported. Offerings of old crop
are growing smaller daily. x
CASH BARLEY. /
California Club, $1 274«?) .15; California
White Australian. $152451 574; Northern
Club. $1 :;of7i 40; Northern Blutstem. $1 50
61 55 per ctl.
CASH WHEAT.
In this market there was considerable trad
ing In December and the market hardened
tonard the close under short coverings. The
cash grain wsi reported rather firmer, but un
chanced.
• WHEAT — The foreign markets continue
quiet. Broomhall cab?es from Liverpool th.it
there Is a good spot demand . there on bullish
n>'ws from -the Argentine, where drought anj
cold weather are affecting crop conditions.
At Chicago, where the market was again
lower, the traders were* buying on the re
ported drought In the Argentine. The Minne
apolis Market Record estimates the crop of
tli- three States at about 35.000.0CO bushels
over lust vear. .
Wheat and Other Grains.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1©3 per
box, as to size and quality: Seedlings. $1 2.V3"
1 50; Valencias. $1 50@2 50; Mediterranean
Sweets. $1 75; Tangerines, $1 75112; Lemons.
$2 5iWt*2 75 for fancy. $1 50®l 75 for choice
and $1@1 25 for standard: Grape Fruit. $1 50
<»2 for seedless and fl®l 60 for ordinary:
Mexican Limes. $4 50@5 per cas«; Bananas.
f'Z'n'.i per bunch for Central American and
$1#2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples. $2@3 per
dozen. '{¦_'
FIGS — $1 2561 50 per box or crate.
CANTALOUPES— $364 per crate.
STRAWBERRIES — $46« per chest for Long,
worths ami $2 5O'f?4 for the larger varieties.
LOGANBERRIES— $2^3 50 per chest for
red and $.15?4 for black.
BLACKBERRIES— $4Q6 per cheat; crates,
GOiadOc.
RASPBERRIES — $3*i9 per chest; crates
from Newcastle. «.">c'ajl: from Fresno. $1 50.
GOOSEBERRIES — 3®4c per lb for small and
7c for English.
CURRANTS— $3^5 per chest.
CHERRIES — SOttCOc In drawers and 7?@S5fl
In flats and cartons: In bulk. 4f»7c per lb
tor Black' and 6@7c for Royal Anne.
APRICOTS — Small boxes and crates. 50®f>0c;
baskets. 50i@75c; large open boxes, $131 50.
APPLES — Old. $15092 25 per box: new
Green. 23@50c for small boxes and S5cQ$l 23
for large.
PEARS — 25©We per box or basket.
PEACHES — e5c«$l per box or basket.
PLUMS" — Clyman. 50t?85c per package;
Cherry Plums. 40tr50c per drawer.
There was no Orange auction, as there was
not enough fresh • stock available. In the
open market Oranges and other Citrus fruits
cut but little figure, as the cool, cloudy
weather restricted trarte and dealers were busy
with deciduous fruits.
The fruit market had an easy tone, as local
trading was quiet, as usual on Friday, and
the call for shipping was limited to small
purchases of well-colored lots of early de
ciduous fruits, supplies of which were more
than sufficient fcr the demand. Cherries and
Gooseberries were firm at Improved values, as
stocks of both are steadily decreasing, but all
other descriptions were easy, with prices tend
ing downward. Th« canners were offering
54c p*r pound for Royal Anne Cherries, but
were unable to procure them, as the distillers
were paying 6c for surplus iots. Currants met
with a sluggish demand and were weaktr, as
receipts were liberal and the carrv-over from
the preceding day was large. All kinds of
berries were In good supply and prices were
lower all arcund. as a large portion of the
receipts, particularly of Strawberries, were of
poor quality and i the demand *vas nothing
extra.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHICAGO, June 17. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, dull and easy; No. 2
»princ wheat. 02695c; No. 3 85<ffO2c; No. 2
red, 08c6?l: No. 2 corn. 48V«c; No. 2 yellow,
504fl51c; No. 2 oats, 41H©414c; No. 2 white.
414044c: No. 2, rye, 65c; fcood feeding bar
ley, 35ff40c; fair to choice malting. 44@54c;
No. 1 flax seed. $1 01; No. 1 northwebtern.
$1 08; prime timothy seed. $2 95: mess pork,
per bbl.. fl2 5o«jl2 65: »ard. per 100 lbs.,
$4 75&C 774; short ribs sides, (loose), $7Q
7 23; short clear sides iboxed), $7Q7 23; whis
key, basis of hleh wines, $1 28; clover, con
tract grade. ?10 75.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbl* 15.400 2.1,5100
Wheat, bu 39,000 22.5(K>
Corn. bu. 33S.KGO 209.400
Oats, bu 12O.4()<> 1&1.50O
Rye. b'J «.000 4,200
Barley, bu 28.601) 11,400
Cash Grain and Provisions.
The steamer Korea, due June 30, is ex
pected to bring 4.50O.0CO Japanese gold yen.
Sterling Exchanse, sixty days... — $4 85%
Sterling Exchungf. stKht — 4 87%
Sterling Exchange cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight — 024
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 05
Silver, Der ounce — 55%
Mexican Dollars 43 O —
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico 216
Berlin on London ....20.41
Paris on London 25.22
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL '3IAEKETS.
SEATTLE. June 17. — Clearings. $519,534;
balances, J09.306.
TACOMA. June 17. — Clearings, $321, 1C3; bal
ances. $37,970.
PORTLAND. June 17.— Clearings. $523.1S5;
balances. JG3.5C2.
SPOKANE. June* 17.— Clearings. $332,705;
balances. ?37.lO4.
Northern Business.
CANNED TOMATOES — The California Fruit
Canners' Association has opened prices on
19O4 pack tomatoes 10c lower on 24-lb stand
ards and 25c lower en gallon standards than
last year. Standards 2%-lb are qucted at 75c
and gallon standards at $2 15; 3-lb solid pack
are quoted at $1.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%9
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7V467%e. according
to quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100- lb bags:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.95c;
Powdered. 5.80c; Candy Granulated. 5.80c: Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.70c: Dry Granulated, coarse
5.70c; Fruit Granulated. 5.70c; Beet Granuj
lated (10O-lb bags only). 5.80c; Confectioners'
A. 5.70c: Magnolia A. 5.50c; Extra C. 5 2nc;
Golden C. 5.10c: "D." 5c: barrels. 10c more:
half barrels. 23c more: fccxes. 50c more; SO-|t>
bags 10c more far all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 6.20c: boxes. 6.45c; H. A E. Crystal
Domlnos. 8.70c per lb. No orders taken far
'e»s than wvnlv-llw barrel* or It."" equivalent
134c: Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star. 20c: Extra Star. 24c: Elaine. 2tfc;
Eocene. 20c: Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In
bulk. 16c; in cases. 224c: Benxlne. In bulk.
13c; in 'cases. 194c: S<$- degree Gasoline, la
bulk. 25c: in cases 31c.
TURPENTINE — 81c per gallon In Cases and
75c tn drums and Iron barrels.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5%c; San Quentln.
$5 40; Wool Bags. 32S35c; Fleece Twine.
7®Sc.
COAL— Wellington. 19 per ton; New Welling
ton. $.«; Seattle. f6 50; Bryant. $6 SO; Beaver
Hill, $5 50; Stanford. $7: Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay $5 50: Greta $7: Wallsend. $7; Richmond.
17 50; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and $14 23 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump,
fit SO: Cannel. 19 50 per ton: Coke. *11 M'.'al.i
per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $11 45 per 2C00 lbs and $12 80
per long ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5c; Linseed. 49c per gallon fcr boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA. $1 Whl 12; Luc«l. 45c for boiled
and 43c for raw: China Nut. 624580c per gal
lon; Cocoanut Oil in barrels. 58c for Ceylon and
55c fcr Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. <>o: natural winter Sperm Oil. 63c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. C7c: natural Whala
Oil. 52c; eitra winter strained Lard Oil. 75c;
No. 1 Lard Oil. t)5c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c;
No. 1 .Neatsfoot Oil 63c: light Herring Oil.
42c: dark Herring Oil. 40c: Salmon Oil. 34c:
boiled Fish Oil 37c; raw Fish Oil. 35c; boiled
Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OH. In bulk.
General Merchandise.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. June 17.— Wheat— Walla Wal
la. tiOc; bluestcm. 77c; ; valley, 78(j.
EGGS — Kanch. 2C«i23c '--r lair to choice:
store. lt't'l'-V; Eastern. 19320c for firsts and
164@lSc for seconds. .
CHEESE— S4c for choice new and 7«74c
for lower grades: Young Americas, 9'gO4c;
Eastern, 124614c; Western, 11312c per lb.
All markets under this head remained about
the same yesterday. Butter was steady, and
Cheete was still showing symptoms of im
provement a* stocks are per^eptibiv ftecre»«
lng. though they are still large. Choice mild
new Cheese Is unquestionably steadier than
it has been, and some houses are already re
porting 9c. though only for small lots. Ar
rivals are now from 25 to 40 per cent less
than at this time last year.
Eggs ars weak in spite of lighter receipts
from the interior. a» arrivals of Eastern have
been heavy of late and they are omlng In
every day now. They are actively competing
with the middle grades of California Eggs, as
already ' reported. Close buyers are securing
the best ranch at 22c, and some hou.«es are
anticipating a pcssible decline by letting go
at conceptions, as already noted. However.
23c Is Ftlll quoted by- many houses.
Receipts were 5T).IOO lbs Butter, 13S1 cases
Eggs and S4.5OO lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery a: first hands. l«4fM9c
foi extras and 174*1 l*»c for firsts: dairy. 169
174c; store Butter. 13515c: cold storage, nom
inal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The Poultry market was heavily stocked
with Hens, both Western and Calif ornlan.
and they moved off slowly, as retailers were
well supplied with that description. A por
tion of the car cf Western that came In en
Thursday and another car that arrived ye«
trrday were on sale. Young Callfornlan
chicken?, bcth large and small, were in good
request and cleaned up well at good figures.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14»l5c y«r lb;
Geeh«. per pair, tl 2591 50; Goslings. $1 509
1 75: Ducks, f.4tf4 50 per dozen for old and
$4 5065 50 for young; Hens, $5 SOige for
lanre and $*65 for small: young Roosters,
17 3O09-. old Roosters. $4 50^3; Fryers. *5 50f
« 50: Droller* $?>®4 for large and $2 25f?2 50
for small: Pigeons. $1 50 per dozen for old and
»1 5C«1 75 fcr Squabs.
GAME— Hare. (1 50 per dozen: Rabbits.
SI 7.1Q2 fur Cottontails and SI per dozen for
brush.
Poultry and Game.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In Fan Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers 74©sV5C; Cows and Heif
ers. 04£7c; thin Cows 4©5o per . lb.
CALVES — Iff44c per lb (gross 7 weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3ViS34c; Ewes. J?iC3c
per lb (irross weight)
LAMBS— $2 25<&2 50 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 4%05c:
200 to 250 lbs. 44c; over 250 lbs. 4%c: soft
Hogs, nominal: Sows, 20 per cent o3; Boars.
r.O per cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent oC from
above quotations. .
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — «©7c for Steers and B®6o per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Lar«e. 6874c : small. 74©0c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8437c; Ewes. 54®64o
per lb.
LAMB— 7S«e p« r lb
PORK— Dressed Hogs. «4t!S4e per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
DRESSED MEATS.
There la no further change to report ia
anything. Veal Is steady at the slight im
provement noted yesterday. The demand for
Hcgs continues light. Supplies of Beef and
Mutton continue liberal.
Meat Market.
r »g*f if 4 i
STATIONS i S£?j r= ~~ jl
I I I I I f
Biker 29. *O Krt B3 FXV Clear .00 1
Carson -ja.94 78 44 W Clear .wi
Eureka SO. 24 62 S2 fW Cloudy .<«> I
Fresno 23.96 92 54 TV Clear .<X>
Farallon 30. IS 68 60 NW Pt.Cldy .<K>
flagstaff 29. M 7S 4O W Cloudy T.
rocatello 2».%6 88 62 * FE Pt.Cldy .00
Independence 29.84 £8 62 'SE Clear .00
I. * Angeles. 30.00 fc2 54 \V Clear .00
Ml Tair-alpias 30.15 64 51 TV Clear .00
Phoenix 2».7« lf>4 72 W Pt Cldy .oo
Pt Reyes 30.12 65 4T N\Y Cloudy .00
Portland 23. 90 78 M SW Rala T.
Red Bluff 2».*4 RS C2 FE Clear .00 i
Hoseburtr 80. 04 78 50 W Cloudy .OO |
Sacramento . .30.02 78 54 g Clear .00
Salt Lake 2».JH M 63 G Pt Cldy .00 '
Sac Francisco. 30. 1« 58 50- W Clear .00 1
S L. Ob!*po..ao.lO 68 50 Sff Clear .00
f=w Diego 23.98 74 M .NTT Clear .no
Seattle 30.02 CS M NW Rain T. ]
r-'pckane 29.88 R4 54 NE Pt Cldy .CO I
Tatoosh 3<t.<»» 56 50 NE Rain .04
Walla Walla. .29. «U> M M N Pt Cldy .cv>
V. innemucca .2!».W5 S6 58 FW Clear .POi
\uzs.tt 23.7S 104 74 SW Clear .00
Ocudy weather prevail* ever the northern
1 ¦•. rtinn of the Pacific Slcpe and alonr the Call
i.tr.la coast north of San Francl»eo, e!««wh»re
I; is fair. Light rain is falling over the west
ern portion* of Wa*hlnrton and Oregon.
ihe r<re**ure U ritltig rapidly alone the
L'n»t and fallinif ever eaitem Wajhlngtcn.
The terar^rature • ;.;-.r«r. s have been Blight !
in all fi;«rict«. In California the tempera- |
t.'r* it about normal.
Fn-<»cs5t rsade at San Francisco for thirty
I ora *n<Jir^ midajrht June IS. 1904:
N< rth»rn Callfcrnla— Fair Saturday, except ,
• -. -y alcmc the coast in the morninr; freih
I rthveet wind.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; light
et wind.
Nevada — Fair Saturday.
Ratnrday ond vicir.:tv— Fair Saturday, ex- I
r« FocZy in the morning; fresh northweit \
• ir.d. G. H. WIL.LSOX.
Local Forecatter. temr<»rari!y In charge.
Fruit ana Wheat Bulletin.
for the t»er.ty-four hour* ending at 5 p m..
1 • th meridian time, San Francisco. Jute
; U04:
E 2 r ; s
» =• » *
«' - -: 3 i • 9 Z
= | |S | c E l
ETATION-S. 5 3 | 5 o j; C»
; ; r r «' i
I Irvenla'.e u:t 52 Cl'er |
•¦•••»« »v2 57 Clear .00 i
ureka «2 K! S\V Cloudy .«"J
rr.*JW n 54 U" Clear .00
': ifort 'J3 K! Clear .00
S !:s:er 77 42 W Cl«*r .00
. .-.wndence «s «2 £E Clear .00
ns City Hit 47 Clear .00
liwnm 7« 4«s Clear .00
7-..s Angeles 32 54 \v Clear .00
r:apa 73 50 .... Clear .00
Newcastle Km «2 Clfar .00
Nrwwjtn SH 52 .... Clear .00
Palermo s" 4« Clear .00
Portervnie 94 5S N Clear .00
Red Bluff hH V2 BE Clear .00
ni\-endde 97 4« Clear .00
Sacramento 78 54 8 Clear .00
h"«n Di+go 74 6« SW Clear .00
i-ac Francisco 5$ 50 W Clear .00
har. Joae 75 46 Clear .0"
han Lui« Oblipo ?« 60 NW Clear .00
£anta Maria «S t2 Clear .00
£anta Rosa 74 46 .... Clear .00
HJockton 81 M .... Clear .00
¦VVi!kw« S8 53 6 Clear .00
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Rivertid* — New crop of orange* promises
«ill. but )« backward.
Hanford — Apricot drying In fulJ blast; grain
«.-.d fruit doing nicrly; srap«« doing ex
cellently.
Holii«t<r — Prun«a and apricots doing well. '
Htockton — Apricots and berries ruing for
ward, fairly good quality.
Napa — Morning high fog; heading barley
medium.
S&nta Maria — Beanc and Eugar beets growing
c aticf actortly : hay good; barley fair: nets light.
Palermo — Weather more favorable for crop«.
Coluea — Wheat ripening rapidly; pears in
good condition.
Ban Jose — Apple crop very light.
Newman — No change.
King City— Threshing will soon commence.
Lirermore — Grain yield will probably b« light.
Pasta Roea — Crop prospects still favorable.
Willows— Barley turning out better than at
Crrt at season.
CJoverdale— Low sap casting moss in fruit.
GEORGE H. WILLBON, Section Director.
The following maxlmusi ani iKlnlniura tem
penttures are reported fcr precedins day from
Eastern cities:
Boston 80-fli) Washington 82-64
New Orleans 80-72 M. Louij 73-C2
Cincinnati 70-MNew York 78-02
Philadelphia 80-C4 Jacksonville 8O-«S
<f!20th Merii'-an— Pacific Tirs*.)
£AN FRANCISCO. June 17--5 p. in
Weather Report.
U B rcf 2e. reg.-104%|Man con gold 4s.lO4
Do coupon 105% I Mexican Cent 4s. d
U S 3s, reg 105*; | Mex Cent 1st Inc 124
Do coupon 10« !M*StL4s »5
U 8 new 4s. reg.l32%|M K & T 4s SS-X
Do ccupon 132%! M K & T2ds.... 78 '
C S old 4*. reg.l00%]N U of M c 4s.. 74%
Do coupon 107 WIN Y C gen 34». .1004
Atchison cen 4s.lrt2U N J C gen 5s 132 U
Do adj 4s 91% Northern Pac- 4s. 1044
Atlan C Line 4s. 954 Do 3s 73%
B & O 4s 102% N A W con 4s... 00%
Do 34s 954 OS L 4a A P... 9<5%
Cent of Ga 5s... 109% Pa conv 3>£s.... »«4
Do 1st Inc 74 Reading ren 4a.. .100%
C & O 44s 105 f?L & I M cob 5s.ll.%%
C ft A 348.-... T9U SL & S F fg 4s. 82%
C B * Q new 4s 96% St L S W lsts... 04
C M & BP g 4s. 109 Seaboard A L 4s. 69
r & NW con 7s. 128% Southern Pac 4s. 9.1
C R I A P 4s... 69 I Southern Ry 5s.. 117%
C R I * P col 5s. 79%|Tex A Pac lsts. .118
C C C A SL g 4s. 994 T Bt L & W 4s. 70
Chi Term 4s 75 Union Pacific 4s..K54
Consol Tob 4s.. €2% Do conv 4s 0^%
Colo & Bo 4s 84 US Bted 2d 5s.. 74%
Den A Rio G 4J.100 Wabash 1st* 117
K prior lien 4s.. 99% Wabash deb B.. K8U
Erie ren 4s. S«- W A L E 4s.... 80'
Ft ff * D C lst.105%1 Wi» Cent 4* »)«
Hock Val 44«... 109^ Jc F A I con Si.. 63
h & N uni 4S...1C1', 1
Common, bid 4, asked 4%; preferred, bid
S74, aiked 8S4.
NEW YORK EONDS.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
! Atchison fl.000 72Vi 714 "14
! Atchison pfd 700 Vihk 944 W^»
Bait A Ohio 3.300 M4 80 79%
I Bait it Ohio rfd 01 -
I Canadian Pacific... 2.200 120* 119* 4 119 1 *
I Central of N J 160
. Ch<-s A Ohio 100 ZQ% 30H 30%
Chicago & Alton 38
Chicago A A nfd 78V4
Chicago & O W .. 200 US 13^4 13\»
j Chicago & N W .. 100 168 168 163
1 Chi. M & St Paul.. 4,ftfX> 14.11* H24 142
! Chi. M & ft P pfd 300 177 177 177
• Chicago TAT *\i
i Chicago T & T pfd 144
I C C C i ft Louis #» Vs
i Colo Southern 100 15H 1.1>i 15
j Colo So 1st r?d .. l"0 4«^» 48»* 4S
I Colo So 2d pfd 300 1» 18 Vi • 1S&
Delaware & Hud... 700 154H lMh 15*
Tel Lack * W .'. 27H
Denver A Rio G... 100 20 20 20
Denver & R G pfd. e9
j Erie 1500 24 23H 234
1 Erl* lot pfd 500 6S% SSH "¦•'*
Krte 2d pfd 344
Hocklr.g Valley «6
! Hocking Val pfd... 100 81 81 81
! Illinois Central ... 300 130«, 129*-; 12»4
I Iowa Central 17
Iowa Central pfd 32
Ka.ns City So 100 204 204 20
Kani atyila pfd.. 1.2OW 414 3»4 39*;
Louitville A Nash.: 4..VX) 109% 109% 10»v t
Manhattan L .... 1,000 147% 14-;*» I46W
' Metrcj>ol!tan Secir. IMO 77% . 77 764
I Metropolitan St^Rjr H3Q0. US 111U lll'j
I Mexican Cen ...: 74
I Minneap A StLouls 42
M. £tP A S Ste M 200 62ft 62 r,\\
Mlnn.SP &SSM pfd 117
Misouri Pacific ... 3,200 924 «1% Vl-.»
Miescruri. K A T ICii
Mo. Kar.s * T pfd 500 36?» 36^ ZCK
Natlcnl of Mex pfd 354
N Y Central 400 1154 115' 114%
Norfolk & Western 100 554 354 M4
Norfolk & W pfd 85
Ontario A Western 4.«00 25% 254 25'i
Pennsylvania 4.200 115% 115 m^,
Pttwbg.C C A St L • 5*
Reading 4.600 47 Vi 46% 4«%
Reading 1st pfd / 81
Reading 2d pfd H44
Rock Island Co ... 1,900 21 20% 20 s ,i
i Rock Icl Co pfd./ COO 64 04 64
St L & B F 2<1 pfd 444
Fr Louis S W 11
St Louis R W pfd.. Win 2814 274 28
Southern Pacific .. 55.600 *r.i t 44% 44^
1 Kouthern Railway . .100 21 20% 20%
i Southern Ry pfd.. 10rt 84% 84% 84 4
Texas A Pacific .. 100 21% 21% 21 M,
Tol. Ft L A West 100 23 23 224
T. 6tL A W pfd. 35*4
Union Pacific 29.800 SS% 66% 80%
T'nlon Pacific pfd 91H
Watafh 200 mi 1«4 154
Wabarb pfd 100 34% 34% :t4" 4
Wheel & L«k« E 14V«
Wisconsin Central 16V.
urtseocwla iifd 37
Express Ccmi-anies —
Adams 225
American .... ISO
United States 100 1034 1034 103
Wells-Fargo 200
M Iscellaneous —
Amalg Copper 5.8r«0 49% 49% 494
Amer Car A Found. 200 174 174 17
Am. Car A F pfd 704
Amer Cottnn Oil 24 Vi
Amer Cotton O pfd 8S
Amer Ice * 6%
Amer Ice pfd 100 26»4 2<3\ 2«4
Am Linseed Oil 714
Am Linseod O pfd 244
Amer Locomotive.. 200 19 18% 18%
Amer Looo pfd S2
Amer K 4: Refg 1.400 54 M% 5.14
Amer S A It pfd.. 1.600 984 98' 97%
Amer Sugar Rfg 126>4
Anaconda Mln Co 70$
Brooklyn Rapid T 9,000 48% 48 48U.
Colo Fuel & 1 200 ¦ 30 2O',i 2!)
Con Can 5.700 194% 193 193H
Corn Products lOVi
Com Prnduct* pfd 300 P.84 68 67
DistilWo' Secur. .. 500 204 20% 20VJ
General Electric 150
Ir.tcrntl Paper 10%
Ii-terntl Paper pfd ««
Intertstl Pump 30
Intematl Pump pfd 70
National Lead 1,300 21 20% 20*4
North Amer ROW
Pacific Mail jr,
People's Gas 400 97% O64 9«y,
Prerse'l Steel Car 20%
Pr«i S C pfd (5914
Pullman Pal Car 212
Republic Ptcel 100 014 6>/i 6U
Republic Steel pfd 100 40% 49% 40
Rubber Goods IS
Rubber Goods pfd 76
Tenn Coal & I 341/
X: S Leather 3O0 K% «% 6%
TT S leather pfd.. 100 704 794 7f>i<,
V F Realty 700 #)H 8% «
TT S Realty pfd... 100 .18% &S% 6.^%
IT K Rubber 200 10% 1«% l*v H
T* 8 Rubber pfd (A\L
TT R Steel ROO 9% n »
TT. f. Steel pfd 11,900 54% 53% 54
Wejittnrhou** Elec 154
Western Union ... 100 874 874 8<5
Total nale* 209.200
TTNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO
NEW YORK, June 17.— No bond transac
tions to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
pay more for the stock than the price at
which the company was entitled to retire it.
1: was urged also that the 115 limit would
tend 10 prevent the sale of any additional
isFUt- of the stock by the company at a higher
price. The effect upon Union Pacific was mod
en te. except as it diminished its activity.
I The selling of Southern Pacific was large. In
! eluding iree offerings for London account.
I The buying was believed to be In the nature
; of supi'ortlr.g orders, but it served to relieve
. th» anxiety lect new financial plans should
break the Southern Pacific and thus hurt the
market. Sharp decline; in the Metropolitan
group of street railway stock* were a depress
ing Influence. News of crop conditions was
very favorable, but was disregarded. So were
the report* of heavy sales of copper, both for
domestic and expert. The money market was
¦ called weak, seven months' loans being made
jit 3\, per cent. Estimates for the current
j movement indicate a further large Influx of
I cash to New York, the week's gain by the
I batiks being estimated at upward ot seven
I million dollars. Southern Pacific was forced
down 1H late in the day, but vigorous sup
1 port was offered it and the market clo«ed
I steady and generally slightly lower than last
I nltht.
Bonds were les* active than recently, but
prices were generally unchanged. Total tales.
I par value. $1.745.0U0.
I United States bonds were unchanged on last
call.
NEW YORK, June 17.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear-
Ings at the principal cltim for the week ended
Jun* 16, with the percentage of lncreaoe and
decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Percentages.
Cities — . Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York $l,02U.t«2J.«S97 . -. . 24 .S
Chicago 18i,WH»,;!&ti 5.4
Beaton 142.M3.77t> 15.7
Philadelphia UV.3iii.8U4 2u.4
I St. Louis 65,»'J3.St)ii 28.4
• Pittsburgh 3B.624.5O5 24.4
I San Francisco.... 3U,7ol,ti&tt 12.1 ....
I Baltimore 21.059, 43S 17.7
Cincinnati 2A,tta,350 .... 1.&
Kansas City Ku,5"J7.tsU3 14.1
; New Orleans .... 14,t&5,458 3.2
I Cleveland 14.073.53U .... l«.!l
I Minneapolis 12,451,444 .... 1.2
; Detroit ,lu.401,157 2.3
J Louisville 14.SJ33.341 .... .4
I Omaha 7.6««.O<15 6.7
Milwaukee 7,78(1.402 10.0 ...:
[Providence e.SiiT.SOO U.O
'Buffalo 6,577,248 3.2
I Indianapolis 6.5&M19 ••-• 6.9
I St. Paul 6.529,«27 3.3
j Los Angeles 6,t>!<2,817 14.0
|6t Joseph ...... 4.&94.DOO 31.1
I Denver 4.e2<1.49«> 1.5
1 Columbus 3,9<>9.00O .... 18 3
! Memi-hls 4.U43.OO1 2».5 ' ....
Seattle 4,281,338 1.8
Richmond 4,12«.97U ' 15.3
Washington 4,49(1,528 17.1 ....
Savannah 8.177,988 24.8
Albany 3.944.427 7.7 v ....
i Portland, Or 3,24SJJ<J5 4.6
j Fort Worth 2.326.b53 .... 15.9
! Toledo. Ohio ....' 3,01».91» ti.O
Salt Lake City .. 2.053.522 Bi.V, 9.8
I'eorla ' 2.184.«oO . 7.8
Atlanta. 2.61S.S53 8.7
Rochester 2.51»:J.(»53 ...-. 3.4
Hartford 2,612,317 ."... .4
! Nashville 1,351.521) 34.4
j Des Moines 2.UM.985 4.4
I Spokane. Wash... 2.3S3.356 2.4 ...;
1 Tacoma l.Ml.rMi 8.2 ....
Grand Rapids . . . 2.040.251 8.B
I New Haven 2.008. »IS3 12.6- -....
I Dayton 1.7C3.227 ..... 8.0
Norfolk 1.5S2.089 8.0
I Springfield. Mass. 1,431.455 .... 3.9
Worcester 1,408,944 10.1
Portland, Me 1.572.98« 7.2
Augusta, Ga 1.020. • 12 21.5
Topeka 836,19« .... 30.5
Ploux City 1.340,480 22.3
Syracuse 1.200.524 21.2
Evansville 1.158.463 7.8 ....
Elrmlngham 1.051.437' 9.0 ...;
Wilmington, Del.. 1002.435 9.0
Knoxville 1.183.077 24.5
I Davenpcrt S59.C60 .... 0.9
I Little Rock H72.711 15.6
Wilkeeharre . 6S7.SC5 .... 10.8
Fall River «77,72O 34.;:
Macon .'. 2(51.139 W».5
Wheeling. W.V'a.. 724 572 14.3
I Wichita 0S.Vl7« 32. 4
Akron C69.700 , 12.3
Chattanooga &»>rt.l6$ - 16.8 ....
Springfield. III. .. «44.0S3 10.8
Kalamaioo. Mich. 745,«C2 3.3
Youngstown 573.47S 14.9
Helena. «."1T> 428 23.3
Lexington 6O7.(*V4 5.2
Fargo N. D 5<Xt.2(it 9.5
New Bedford .... 400.548 7.5
Canton. Ohio 548,000 1.9
Jacksonville, Fla. 870,109 153.6
Lowell 617.94S 23.8
Chester Pa 37:5,902 ' .... 39.3
Greensburg. , Pa 440,044
Rockord. Ill 470.974 3.4
Blnghamton 451.800 9.4
Springfield. O. .. S.tt^".* 7.8
Bloomington, 111... 371, «49 24.1
Quincy 111 22H.IS71 10.1
Sioux Falls. S. D. 378.S30 67.5
ManFfleld. Ohio .. 200,092 11.4
Decaiur. Ill 2S3.116 10.9
Jacksonville, III... 218,«e5 42. 1
Fremont. Nebr 1«2 875 0.9
•Houston 10.12.1.(>»i9 ti.O
•Galveston 7.f"74,OOO 31.1
I Charleston. S. C. 1.C25.7D0 «.3
I Cedar Rapids 408.940
Total. U. S $l,S63.3.sn.S19 .... 15.6
Outside N. Y.... 833.458.122 .7
CANADA.
Montreal $2O.7S0.941 3.1. «
Toronto 17.79K.404 3.4
Winnipeg 5.128.0VI 12.7
Ottawa 2.022.S00 S.2
Halifax » : 1.MS.201 6.5
Quebec 1.57H.17H S.'J
Vancouver. B. C... 1.431.469 8.0
Hamilton 1,132.641 6.8 ....
London. Ont 903,r.75 2.5
St. John, N. B 954.447 4.3
Victoria. B. C. 801. W3 35.3
Totals. Canada.... $54,197,351 lfi.5
*Not included In totals because containing
other items than clearings.
Condition of the Treas\try. .
WASHINGTON. June 17.— To-day's state'
raent of the treasury- balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold r»
serve In the division "of reilemotion, shows
available cash balance, $104,090,919; gold.
$05,559,610.
Bank Clearings.
TALLOW— No 1 rendered. 4U©4He p«r lb:
No. 2. 3v,C4c: grease. 2*hi?3c.
WOOL— Spring Cftj> — Humboldt an<J Meado
cino, 17<@19c/ San Joaquln and Southern. 12
months' lC | gl2c; do 7 months', &$llc p«r lb;
Middle Counties 1.1917c for free and 12@13c
for defective; Northern. lflUlSe for free an4
14810c Tor <lef«cUv«; Nevada. 13<Q16c, accord*
Ing to condition.
HOPS— Jobbing at 27HSC0C p-r tb for Cali
fornia. I'. ""¦¦".. Contracts fcr 1904 crop at
17 H 4 20c are reported.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands Mlt
about H91c under quotations. Heavy Salted)
Steers, »!4c; medium, 8^c; light. 8c; Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and 8c for light; Stag*.
6c : Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal 10c: Saltstf
Calf, lie: dry Hides. l«c: dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf! l>o; 8heepsk!ns. shearlings. 25<33nc each;
short Wool. 4«QC5e rach: medium. 70^'Oc: ions;
Wool. $lf/l 5«>: Horse Hld«s. salt. K 7.1 for
large and $292 50 for medium. $1 2.". 31 TS fsr
small and 50c for Colt*. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $181 23
for *roall and 50e for Colts. Buck Skins— Dry
Mexican. 30c; dry Salted Mexican. 23c: dry
Central American, ."("fi-^'jc. Goat Skins-
Prime Angoras, 75c: large and smooth. 5Oe:
medium. 30e; small. 20c.
According to repcrts from New York, al
ready published, contracting for Pac'.flc Hops.
19O4 crop, has been resumed at the figures
quoted below. Otherwise there Is nothing new.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CHICAGO. June 17.— Prospects of a free
movement from the farms in the near future
had much to do with producing a weak un
dertone in wheat to-day. At the close July
wheat was down H©V»c. Corn is off %@i£c.
Oats shtw a loss of %@'%c and provisions a
shade to "He. • '.-•
Steady cables and a big decrease In Argentine
shipments caused a fair degree of firmness
in wheat at the start. Opening quotations tor
July were unchanged to He higber at MVitf
S4*ic. The: market .soon lost Its initial
strength, however, on selling by pit trailers
ani commission houtes. The greater part of
thf trading was In the Septtmber delivery.
Offerings were much in excess of the demand
and as a result prices started downward. The'
cliler cause of the early selling was excellent
weather conditions throughout the greater part
of the country. There were also numerous
bearish crop reports. Canadian dinpatches as
serted that crops had made fine progress dur
ing the past week and that the acreage w.ll
be 9\4 per cent more than for 1003.- Equally
bearish news regarding spring wheat In Min
nesota and the Dakotas was ' received from
Minneapolis, reports from a thousand inquiries
sent out from that city showing a somewhat
larger acreage than last year. In connection
with harvecting operation* in the Southwest
a St. Louis trade paper claimed that Indica
tions point to a satisfactory yield with quality
generally good. Talk about new 'wheat com
ing on the market was played to advantage
a* a bear card. The weakness of the Sep
tember and December options at Mlnnsapolls
also had a depressing influence on the market
hen* late In the day. *A fair recovery . was
made In July during the last half hour on
covering' by shorts. . After selling down to
S-'%©KJ?*c that delivery closed at S4&S41&C.
September ranged between 70^e79V4c and
?'J~,*c, closing at 7SH4t?79ttc.- *
Sentiment in the corn market early In the
day was somewhat unsettled, but as the ces
rlon advanced the tone became quite ; weak
as a result of heavy selling of July by a prom
inent commission houte. July opened a shade
to JSc lower at 4S^,©4$\c. sold between 4Sc
and 49<! and closed at 48-Hc. . • ••¦
Oatg w*re affected by the weakness of corn
and by an official . report- showing increased
acreage in Canada. - After opening ?ie lower
at 30 Vc July sold between 3>%c and 3VHC,
closing at 36*4??3S%c. .
In provisions there was enough realizing by
lecal longs to cause a reaction and a change
frum- strength to comparative weakness. Small
receipts of liogs and firm prices at the yards
were early bull far-tors. The market closed
near the bottom, with September pork down
5<g7Hc at $12 &0612 82%; lard was off 2^c
at $0 07 H. and ribs closed a shade lower at
$7 45. ; -
The leading futures. ranged as follows:
Articles-— Open. "High. ' Low.' Close.
Wheat No. 2— . • :
July old 85V; »H 84"* . 84T4
July new ; 84 H S»4 63% M
September, old. bi% SIS* fi0% 80%
September, new 79% 79 ! 8 79V« "»H
Corn No. 2—
June , 47!*
July 4«»; 49 48 48%
September 40t* 40% *»% 4S-r*
Oats No. 2 —
June 4m;
July 39% 39% 38V* 38%
September S2ki ,. 32V4 31% 31%
Mess Pork, per bbl.—
July 12 «7& 12 70 12 50 12 55
September 12 00 12 95 12 77>4 12 S2«
Lard, per 100 lbs. —
July « 87^ ¦ « 90 6 77H « 80
September 7 02H 7 05 0.95 6 97H
Short Ribs, per 10O lbs. —
July 7 30 7 32^ 7 20 7 22V*
September 7 75 7 60 7 40 ~ il\<i
Future Grain and Provisions.
Chicago Board of Trade.
POTATOES— New White $1 25@2 per Ctt;
Early Rose. $1 4O<gl GO per ctl; Garnet Chiles.
$1 50©l 75 per ctl; old Oregon Burbanks, $1©
1 35 per ctl; old rlv#r Burbanks, »0c<3$l per ctl.
ONIONS— Australian Yellow, $1 25tf4 50 per
ctl; new Red. 75'S.S5c per sack; new Sllver
sklns. $1 2f.®l 50 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, $1 25<@2 25 per
sack; AsparaguB. 5<8"c per lb: Rhubarb, 75®
63c per box; Gard»n Peas, 4c per lb: String and
Wax Beano 2$5c per lb; Tomatoes. SOfifOOc per
box or crate for Los Angeles and 75c@$l for
Mexican- Summer Squash, 751J90C per box for
southern and $1 W)i&1 75 for bay: Cabbage, $1
per ctl: Carrots. $1 per sack: Cucumbers. 23efJ
$1 p«r bo* for Marys ville and $2©2 50 for bay;
Garlic. 4igec per lb; Egg Plant, MJICc per lb;
Dried Peppers. SQlOc for sun-dried and 12*-ifJ
13c per lb for evaporated: Dried Okra. 12W®
15c per lb: Green Peppers from Los Angeles,
5tnoc per lb; from Sacramento. : Mar
rowfat Squash. Jobbing, at l'«9-c per lb.
Mississippi Tomatoes are about cleaned up
and stocks of Mexican are steadily decreasing,
but the market is still overloaded with Los
Angeles stock, which is weak, and large lines
have to be carried over from day to day.
Asparagus is a little firmer, with the ctnncn
paying 5c per pcund for No. 2 and 5Hc for
No. 1. Offerings of String Beans consisted
chiefly of dried and tough stock, which
dragged, but fancy lots were firm at the top
rate and occasional sales of fine stock from
Haywards were reported at a slight advance.
Cucumbers continued to weaken under in
creasing receipts, but the other vegetables
shewed little change.
Receipts of new Potatoes were heavier than
usual, and although trade continued active
the market had an easier tone and prices
r&nged lower. The top quotation, for white
was extreme and obtained only for a few lota
of strictly fancy, which were keenly com
peted for by rival jobbers. $1 75 being the
top for the general market. Garnet Chiles
are arriving freely from the Mission district
and are in good request for shipping at the
quotations. Onion* are plentiful and steady
at unchanged rates.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
cured; Eastern sugar-cured ll.iai. 13c; Cali
fornia Hams. 12©12«ie; Mesa Beef. $100
10 Mrnr bbl: extra Mess $111711 50; Family.
$12912 00; primp Meas Pork. $14; «xtrs> clear.
$22; Mess. $17 50; Dry Salted Pork. D'-tc: Pis
Pork. $26; Pigs* Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 14o
per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at «He per Vb tar
compound and 8Hc for pure: half-barrels, pure.
<v%e; 10-ib tins. OVlc; 5-lb tins. 9;»c; 3-lb Una.
COTTOLENE— On« half barrel. 8«ic; thr««
half barrels. 8%e: one tierce. S',c; two tierce*.
8c; five tierces. 7T4c per lb.
Kezv York Stocks weaker, with London selling. Cbtton lower.
Tonopah Mining Stocks still lead the others in this market.
Silver and Exchange rates about as before.
Argentina sending in Wheat crop damage reports.
Barley Hrr.x under continued light receipts.
Holders of 1904 Oats disinclined to sell. Corn steady.
Hay easy, svith larger arrivals. OV.cake Meal higher.
No further change in Beans and Seeds.
Butter easy. Cheese showinq more firmness.
Large lines of Eastern Eggs coming in here.
Dealers still considering an advance in Bacon and Lard.
Cattle. Sheep and Hogs continue in large supply.
Canners announce new quotations for Tomatoes.
Nezv Potatoes in larger supply a nd lower. On ions plentiful.
Poultry market overstocked with Hens.
Fruit market well supplied, zcith the demand nrodcrate.
NEW TORK, June 17.— The , ! London ¦ tin
market continued to show weakness, the cables
indicating a decline of from 10s to 15s, with
spot cleMn* at £11S 6s, and futures at £117
1C», ' Locally tin docllned about \%c, closing
at ?25 S7HiJ?*-a 20.
Copper 'advanced in London, with spot clos
ing 7s 6d hightr at £58 6b Od, while futures
were steady «it £56 8d. Locally the market
Is quiet but steady. Lake is quoted at $12 50
(fix 75: electrolytic. $12 50@12 62H. and cast-
Ing at $12 12%©12 23. 2ZJ*>>« '.
]>ad was quiet at $4 2094 30 locally, and
at ill 8s 3d In London.
" Spelter, was unchanged at $4 70<$4 77 H
locally and at £21 15s in London.
Iron clowd at Bin 3d In- Glasgow and at
Ms 4d in Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron wag quiet.
No. 1 foundry Northern, is quoted at $14 50
@15; No. 2 foundry. Northern, $13 5O@14 50;
No. 1 foundry, Southern, and do soft, $13 -25
613 75.
Nczv York Metal Market.
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money.00 5-161 New York Cent.. 119
Cons for acct..9O7-16 Nor & Western... 57U
Anaconda* 3% Do pfd 89
Atchison 73 Ontario & West.. 26V4
Dp PM ' 97U Pennsylvania 59K
Palt & Ohio 82% Hand Mines 10V4
Canadian Pacinc.l23Vs Reading 2tk
Ches & Ohio .'{2 Do 1st pfd 41fc
Chi Great West. 14 Do 2d pfd 34
C M & St Paul.. 146% Southern Railway 21%
De B«ers 191* Do pfd \. S7
Denver & Rio Gr. 20% Southern Pacific.. 17
Do pfd 71% Union Pacific .... $H>H
Erie 24 ft I Do pM 05
Do 1st pfd liOViUJ S Steel........ 0%
Ti,r°. 2d rfd 3<J Do P fd •••••'..• 59
Illinois Central.. 133 % Wabash . .... 17
Louis & Nash. ..112% Do pfd ........ 36
M K & T 1714 Spanish Fours bO
Bar silver— Quiet. 23%d per ounce.
Money— 1V4Q2 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2H per cent and for thre«
months 1 2 11-16 per cent.
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams con 20| Little Chief 05
Alice 25i«jntario 3 50
E«ece lOjOphir 3 75
Comstock Tunnel. OOjPho«nlx 12
Con Cal & Va....l 20Potosl 09
Horn Silver 1 30[ Savage 14
Iron Silver 1 CSIaic-rra Nevada 35
Leadvllle Con .... C2|Standard 2 00
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Firmness still characterizes the market for
Lima, Pink and Bayo Beans, whlla Urge and
small Whites continue easy. All prices re
main unchanged. ,
BEANS — Bayos. $2 40©2 63: Pea. $2 D0<53:
Butters, $3; small Whit*. $2 85®3 10; larg*
White $2 35©2 CO; Pink. $3 40«3 50; Red.
$4 25<fj i 50; Lima, $3 3*33 40; Red Kidneys.
$4 75@3: Blackeye. $2©2 10" per. ctl; Horse
Bean*. $202 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 2504 50; Yellow
Mustard. $2 60^3; Flax. $1 ~S?t2: Canary.
6*4e5%c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 14'a®1«c; Rape.
232M,c: Timothy. 6#6Hc; Hemp. 3Vi©4c p«r
lb: Millet. 3©3Hc; Broom Corn Seed. $20@2l
C DRIED PEAS— Blackeye, $3 per ctl; Nilea,
$3 23; Green. Peaj. $303 23. ; ;' ;.• >,
Beans and Seeds.
Aside from a few minor changes In price*
' ot Fruits and Vegetables, retail rates show
but little variation this week. Dairy Produce
' is plentiful, with prices normal, and Fish,
Meats and Poultry are still selling at the fa
miliar quotations. .--«¦ -
Seasonal kinds of Fruits and Vegetables are
abundant and Greea Corn is added to the list.
COAL. PER TON—
Wellington .$— ©10 00! New
Seattle J— % 8 50 Wellington $ — C10 00
Roslyn $ — @ 9 00 Wellington
Richmond ..$— © 9 BO Nut $ — 0 8 00
Greta ..$ — Q 9 00 Coos Bay ....$ — 7 60
DAIRT PRODUCE. ETC.— .
Butter, choice,sq.40<fM3! Eggs, per dozen
Do good 30©35 Ranch ...."• :..25®30
Do packed.lb22te£23 Common 20C" v a
Cheese. Cal lo<S 15 Honey, comb. lb.li©Cu
Cheese. Eastern.20&25 Do extracted... SjJlO
Cheese, Swiss . ..25®35|
MEATS., PER POUND—
Roast Beef, I Mutton Chops....— ®15
.'choice cuts ...15@20| Pork Chops ..... — ©13
Do plain :...10©124iVeal Cutlets ....1B«1S
Roast Veal ... 12 H&lol Corned- Beef ....—0 8
Roast Pork ...124©15iBc*f Stew 8@10
Foreqtr Lamb.— ©1214 Mutton Stew ... 5# 8
Hlndqtr Lamb... — ®15|Veal Stew 10©124
Foreqtr Mutton.. 6Qlu|Soup Meat 6<S10
Leg Mutton — ©10J Soup Bones 4® —
Tndrloln Steak. 1244fl5;Hams 15«18
Portrhse 6teak..ls©20;Bacon 1BO20
Sirloin Steak. 4l2HC15Tork Sausage.. 124S 13
Round Steak ..10©12HIChlrpcd Beef ...200—
Lamb Chops.. :..15«2u|Lard 1249—
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, large ea.75e«?$ II Ducks, each ....75c@$l
- Do small" . .. .60©<50|G*esc. each...— ®$l 50
Young Roosters, {Goslings $1 75JJ2
each 75cfi$l| Pigeons, pair . ..— @S0
Old Roosters .ca.5C<S »i 5 Squabs per palr.GO^TQ
Fryers, each . ».C3<S83[Rabbits. *ach ....tn/25
Broilers, each . .35««5|Ilare. each —©23
Turkey*.-. per lb.. 25^271
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Alllgtr Pears ea. — Q — I Grape Fruit, dz.75c®$l
Almonds 15«2u| Grains, lb 2U&J5
Apples 6'(* SILtn.es doz 10gi5
Apricots, lb .... 5tf SiLemons. dox 15©3u
b;ack berries.- per . | Loganberries.
basket 3@10| per drawer ...20^23
Cranberries. <jt. . — i:-Z Ornr.s<-r. ohoice.dziVu^O
Cherries lb J.... &310J Do common ...I^r2<)
Currants, lb.* 4b 6| Peachea. lb . ... . 15*620
Cantaloupes, ea~10^1C| Plums, lb tV-i 8
Pecana . .*. — O20| Pears. ' lb .' — ©5
Brazil Nuts . . . .20©— t liutmpples, each. 23^40
Bananas, doz 20;>.:0!KaUlns. lb 10015
Chestnuts 15«2O| liasr-berries. per
Cocoanuts, each.— if 10! basket' — 610
Firs, dried, lb.. C®10'str»wbeir!es.
Do. fresh. lb..l5@20| per basket ...10@15
Gooseberries, per lb Tangerines. Uoz . . 1 i j -'<>
Small — © 8 Walnuts', per lb.l5$?2'J
Large . .— <S1214 Watermelons, ea.. — <3 —
VEGETABLES—
Asparagus, lb .. S'uli>iLf-*ks. db bunch.15820
Artichokes. , d0z.l5»;!0| jlUKhrooms. lb..50-.-^Jl
Beets dozen ....100 — I Onions per lb... — y 2
lieans. white, lb. 5®— Okra dried. lb...20<8—
Colored per lb. b'u- ¦¦¦ Potatoes, old. lb.l4G2
Dried Lima. lb.. — #6 Do. new. lb... .24S3
Cabbage, each .. SQlOt Parantps, per dz.l3tel'O
Celery, head ... 5#l0iKadlshes dz bch.l5fr.M
Cress, db bunch.lMr— I Rhubarb, lb — @ 3
Cucumbers, di. .3WR4Q|Sag*. dz bnches.256—
Garlic S© 10: String Beans, lb. Og S
Green Peppers,lb.l0(&20|Summer Squash
Dried Peppem ..10@20l per lb 5® 8
Keg Plant. !b. . .1C8?O| Spinach, per lb. . ."ijj U
Green "Peas. lb.. 4® SIThyme. db bncha.25f?3D
Green Corn. dz..25ii 10 Turnlp.t. per doz. — ®lft
Lettuce, per doz. 15QJ0; Tomatoes, lb — & 5
FISH—
Barracouta — @15Hockcod — €15
Carp n»rM2 l j!Sea Ba?s —'a 15
Catfish -r-«ei24|Smelts —©13
Codnah — ©12li foles 1CQ15
Flounders ' lti^r — Skatea. each 10*13
Halibut 15©— Squid — Q—
Herring S©10 Tomcod lane-
Mackerel — «— Turbot ..- .20J/—
¦ Do horse IS© — Trout .• — ©RO
Rockflsh — ©12U Brook Trout ....75t(Si, 1
6almon. fresh . . 15J|2f) Whiteflsh 10@— ¦
Do smoked ...l.'.ii:'5('l«r.u gallon . . .fO'«--
Fardlnrs 1C@— Do hardshfll.lb 8^10
Shrimps — « — ICrawflih — ® —
Shad I0i?— jCrabs. each ....1.^25
Striped Bass , ..15B20! Mussels lb 12V&<615
Perchr 100— 'Oyster Cal. 100.4i!®5A
Pomplno — ®CO! ' Do Eastern. dz.-CCn
Family Retail Market. 1
jobbing. $32; Cocoanut Cake. $22&23; Corn
Meal. $32Q33: Cracked Corn. $32 5CMS33 30;
Mixed Feed. $22923; Horse Beans. $30&40 par
ton: Broom Corn Feed, 00c per ctL
HAT— Wheat. $10#14 50: Wheat and Oat.
$11&12 50; Oat. $9@12; Wild Oat. $7810; Bar
ley and Oat. *7©11; Stock. $7©S; Alfalfa. $73
10 per ten; new Volunteer Wild Oat. $7 ©8 per
ton. New Wheat. $10312; new Oat. $10; new
Alfalfa. $7 »er ton.
STRAW — 60680c per bale.
Common are quoted at 4Q5Vic; prime. 54®
594c: choice, 6fc«4c; fancy. 7c.
PRUNES — Continue quiet, but show steadi
ness, with quotations ranging- from 2*4 c to 6%c,
according to grade.
APRICOTS— Are In very light BUpply and
rule firm. Choice are quoted at 94131O0; extra
choice. lOUClOVic; fancy. ll(E13c.
PEACHES— Are pretty well cleaned up and,
while the demand is light, the absence of
pressure imparts a firm tone to the situation.
Choice are quoted at 7@7Hc; extra choice, 74
$Sc; fancy. 9M,ei0c.
The board of managers of the Coffee Ex
change to-day voted to close the exchange on
Saturday, July 2.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 18, 1904.
THE COAST RtCORD.
STOCK MARKET.
Continued on - Page Fourtcta,
ST. LOUIS, June 17. — WOOL, steady. Me
dium grades, combing and clothing. lHQ23V4c;
light tine, lMH8c; heavy fine, 12@15c; tub
washed, 21 (332c.
5"/. . Louis Wool Market.
Receipts of Hay were larger again, being
605 tons.- but the market showed no particular
chance. A car of new tame Oat sold at tlO.
A cargo of new Barley and Oat was offered
at $S. but not. sold, the best bid beinsr $7.
. There Is no change In Feedstuffs beyond a
sllfrht advance In Oilcake Meal. -
BRAN — $22823 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24P29 per ton. "
SHORTS— $22323 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $22 SQtgy.
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $.30 50@31 oj;
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The Chicago market was ¦law, with Pork
10c lower and Lard and Ribs fie lower. Our
local dealers are still talking over the prac
ticability of advancing Bacon and Lard to the
Chicago level, and it is possible that some
action may be taken to-day. -
CUBED MEATS— Bacon. 94c per lb for
heavy. 10c for light medium. 12e for light.
U'/jc lor extra light and 15$lSc for •u.-»r-
Provisions.
Wheat—. June. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 20 10 20 15
Closing 20 10 20 20
Opening ..27 45 . 27 35
Closing 27 45 27 40
WD«t- ' July. Sept.
Opening • 6 1% 6 2ft
Closing • 6 1% 6 24
PARIS.
Foreign Futures.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE!
£» fe &»
120 Horses for Sale!
By order of "W. H. Smith, of Reno.
Nev.. I will sell at auction 120 horaes.
broken and unbroken, weighing from
1000 to 1400 jxtands; also several cholt*
saddle horses.
This lot consists of mostly all choice
young geldings, and positively must b«
sold. Sale takes place at J. B. Koran's
salesyard. corner Tenth and Bryant
streets, at 11 o'clock a. m.. Monday.
June, 20. 1904.
8. WATTOra, Auction— r.A vigorous grc wth and th* original -color
given to the hair by Parker's Hair Balsam.
Parkt j "t Ginger Tonic the beet couarh cur*: •
STENGEL. PLEADS "GUILTY.*— Conrad F.
Stengel, who was waiting trial' In . ' Judge
Dunne's, court : on .", a .charge of .burglary,
pleaded guilty yesterday 'to a charge of at
tempt to commit burglary and was ordered to
appear for . sentence . on ¦ Monday. . He broke
into the residence of Mrs. ¦ Tesgie Salbury, 82
Natoma street, on April 7.
A PEVEXTEEX-TEAR SENTENCE.— John
r.irroll. trho wa* convicted of an Infamous
<Tiine by a Jury i>cff.re Judge Gesford of Napa
Sa Department 12 of the Superior Court, ' ap*
peared for f entenrc yesterday. The Judge, fetter
referring to the fncrearing number of'casrs of
that description and the n«Kr»s»Ity . f or dealing
•evwely with such offender*, sentenced the de
!i r.a.i:.t to serve seventeen years la Son
OatnUft
ASKS FOR LKOACY.— Jennie Coffin yester
day petitioned the Superior Court to order Rie
payment of $5000 devised to her In the win
of the late ¦ Thoma* 'J. Clunie. " Judge Coffey
cited the of the estate to appear
on *¦ June 24 . and chow ¦ cause why the claim
should not be paid..
The Japanese ,and Russian armies
seem to have settled down to steady
fighting and hard work. „ War of this
kind cannot last but a short time and a
couple of weeks' continuous fighting will
surely bring offers of Intervention. Gas
ranges should be purchased from S. F.
Gas and Electric Co.. 415 Post street. •
• The overworked ; Eye. the faded *, Eye.
the red and inflamed Eye, the Eye that
needs care, relieved ' by Murine Eye
Remedy. No smarting. •
Don't you want to spend your vacation
among the redwoods? The Russian Itiver dU
trict has more attraction* to the square yard
than any place yon ever visited. Boating,
bathing, flrhlng. cottages for rent. lots for
Bale, hotels. bo»rdlng-bouee«, free camp
crounds at Caiadero Redwoods. Duncans Mills,
Monte nio. Camp Meeker, Tyrone and Plsto-
I«>«1. Round trips $2 to S 3 75. Inquire - •*
information bureau. C28 Market utreet. •
Vacation Trip.
V Thomas Keegan, who j lives at 506
Twentieth street and is a ship rigger
by profession," yesterday fell from a
scaffolding, on the. recently launched
United States ' cruiser California,
twenty/feet into the hold, sustaining
injuries to his back and sides and a
deep wound on the head which may
involve a fracture of the skull. - The
injured man waa\treated at the Potrero
Hospital by Dr. Buell, who holds out
little hope for. Keegah's .recovery.
Rigger Is Fatally Injured.
The Board of "Education yesterday
passed the salary demands of the
School Department- for June and
granted a leave of ; absence to Miss
Anita Murphy. The names of the suc
cessful contestants in the, teachers'
competitive examination will be : an
nounced to-day.
Board of Education Meets.
The. League of the Cross gaVe.an
entertainment and social In St.. Rose's
Hall last night In aid of St RoSe's
fair. There was a big attendance and
the programme was thoroughly en
joyed from start to finish. Those who
contributed to the success of the even
ing were Joseph P. Kellehsr, John
O'Connell, Misses Bessie anffilazel "Al
len. Professor McMahon, Miss Lucile
Wall. Miss Margaret McKeon, G.
Westland, Eddie and Frances Dough
erty, Miss Elsa Thornsvard, Ray Ce
derbloom. Miss K. Kelly, Miss B.
Peguillan and Miss Lillian Troy.
League Aids St, Rose's Fair.
Land of the Midnight Sun, Glaciers
and a thousand islands en route. Inside
passage. Seasickness unknown. The
palatial excursion steamer Spokane will
leave Seattle 9 a. m. June 21, July 6; 19,
Aug. 2, 16. For Information, apply to
Pacific Coast S. S. Co.'s Ticket Offices, 4
New Montgomery st. (Palace Hotel) and
10 Market st. C. D. Dunann, Gen. Pas
sengrer Agent, San Francisco. •
Alaska Excursions Season 1004.
-j The Supervisors* Judiciary Commit
|oe yesterday rejected demands aggre
gating $108 presented by T. J. O'Dwy
$r. Henry Hilp, J. B. Dalziel and Peter
JVheelan, members of the former
Orand Jury.- for carriage hire for vis
its to city Institutions. The commit
tee found no warrant in law for such
payments.
| The Joint, comr. ittee on Judiciary
and Fire will meet on Friday next at
2: SO p. m. to consider the matter of
safety against danger from fire in the
aters. The members of the Board of
Works, City Architect and Chief of
the Fire Department will be present-
feuperrisors' Committee Rejects De
iMy'xnon6s of Members of the
Grand Jury.
SVILL NOT PAY BILLS
FOR CARRIAGE HIRE
The San Francisco Chapter of Arch
itects sent a communication to, the
Board of Supervisors yesterday ob
jecting to the suggestion made by Su
pervisor Payot to have the school
houses to be erected under the bond
issue designed in the Mission style of
architecture. The architects contend
that it is inadvisable to limit the con
struction of the buildings to a partic
ular style of architecture. The chap
ter also advises against Intrusting the
designing of the buildings. to the mu
nicipal architectural office on the
ground that It will . result In medioc
rity of design and a repetition of de
tail.
Objects to Limiting Architecture.
The men wept from this city to Vic
toria, B. C, on April 24 to meet the
women, who had arrived as stow
aways. Inspector Geffeney Informed
the Canadian authorities at Montreal
and the. attempt to bring the women
Into the United States through British
Columbia was for a time frustrated.
But the men then took the women to
New Westminster, B. C, and brought
them over to the American side at 2
o'clock one morning in a fishing boat.
From, that point they came to this city
by • rail. Inspector . Geffeney, who is
also an interpreter of Japaneese, came
to this city with .warrants last Tues
day.
Sugiyama was convicted of a similar
offense several years ago in the United
States District Court in this city. He
served a sentence of qhe year's im
prisonment in- the penitentiary at San
Quentin. Yokota's brother was de
ported at about the sarnie time for a
similar offense. :
A. H. Geffeney, acting inspector in
charge of the United States Immigrant
Bureau in Seattle, has been in this city
for four days and has. succeeded in
locating and arresting two Japaneese
meji and five Japanese women for
whom he had a warrant. Proceedings
of deportation will be instituted
against the women. '. The -men will be
prosecuted for importing .the women
for Immoral purposes. The men's
names are Sugiyama and Yokota.
They are proprietors of notorious dens
on Brooklyn- and Spoftord ale*ys.
Women Who Had Been Smuggled
Over the Northern Border. Ar
rested With Their Masters.
GEFFENEY CAPTURES
JAPANESE CULPRITS
A tin box in the possession of Alan
A. McAlpin when he died at, Jiminez,
Mexico, was the object of a fultless
journey in quest of a supposed for
tune. The facts are set forth in the
report of John W. McAlpin, accom
panying, his final account as adminis
trator of Alan A. McAlpin's estate,
filed yesterday in the' Superior Court
The administrator states that he
had reason to believe that Alan A. Mc-
Alpin had* possessed considerable
property, and the tin box which Alan
had at the time of his death was sup
posed to contain valuable papers and
a will. The State of Chihuahua de
clined to surrender the box or to fur
nish any information regarding its
contents, so the administrator sent H.
L. Paddock, an attorney, to Mexico to
investigate. Padodck had a personal
acquaintance with Ygnaclo Sepulveda,
legal adviser of President Porfirio
Diaz, and Sepulveda is said to have
deplored the bad state of affairs re
garding the custody of the tin box
and assured Paddock that he would
have no more^trojible in getting it.
Being thus assured Paddock ap
pointed a citizen of Mexico, W. H.
Searles, to look after the case, but
when Searles forwarded the contents
of the tin box it was found that there
was no will nor any evidences of a
fortune. So, according to the admin
istrator's report, the estate of McAl
pin consists only of. $783 64 cash and
160 acres of land in San Luis Obispo
County, valaed at S1000.
Administrator of McAlpin Estate
Tells of Fruitless Trip of«At
" torncy to Mexico.'
At this point another tilt occurred
between opposing counsel. The court
admonished the attorneys that Bide re
marks would no longer be tolerated.
After a futile effort on the part of the
defense to force the witness to admit
he was under pay of the Police Depart
ment, the case was continued until
Monday morning.
The witness said he was familiar
with' the warehouse and the piles of
wheat and was positive that the grain
on which Jacob Eppinger borrowed
money in April of 1903 was shipped to
a foreign port In December of 1902. The
witness had not counted the sacks in
the piles and had not weighed the
grain, but got his information by look-
Ing over the shoulder .of the weigher
while he was making entrles t In his
book.
Williams' testimony regarding the
manner of doing business in the ware
house was corroborative of others, who
swore that affairs were conducted in
a loose manner. The numbers on re
ceipts were frequently disregarded and
orders and reports were taken by tele
phone. He recalled the time when pile
709 had been shipped instead of 710 and
said that Chief Inspector Bunker had
been telephoned to regarding the sub
stitution and was satisfied, as the
quantity and quality of grain In the
piles were identical. Concerning the
lots of wheat on which the money was
borrowed and on which the indictment
is based the witness gave detailed tes
timony.
"At any time between December 5
and April 25 were there any piles
marked 706, 707 and 708?" was asked.
"Yes," was, the reply.
"Did not each option pile have Its
own lot number?"
Robert Williams, a deputy grain in
spector for the Merchants* Exchange,
occupied the stand yesterday in the
case against Jacob Eppinger, charged
with obtaining money under false pre
tenses. On the direct examination his
testimony was damaging to the de
fense. On cross-examination by Henry
Ach an effort was made to show bias
on the part of the witness and in thia
he succeeded to some extent when
Williams admitted that his expenses
had been paid by Detective Gibson
while they were searching for James
Deming, superintendent of the ware
house at Crockett. He stated positive
ly, however, that aside from this he
had never received a cent from the
Police Department nor/ had he been
promised any money. /
The same fiddle that squeaked on the
Fidehills.of Tuolumne County in "the
days of old, the days of gold, the days
of '<9," feebly echoed memories of the
past at Golden Gate Park yesterday.
Circled about the gray-haired fiddler,
Jim Fuller, were men and women who
had heard the strains of the battered
instrument when it inspired boisterous,
healthy amusement in the golden days.
It brought back to them the gulches
and the little cabins of the mining
camps. While their children and their
grandchildren chattered merrily about
them they were silent, looking through
dim eyes back over the waste of yes
terday to the time when every one in
Tuolumne owned a million — in the
ground.
The old violin squeaked tales that
outdid anything in fiction. It told of
the big-armed miners, the true-hearted,
courageous i>ioneer women, of the all
absorbing quest of gold, of loves and
fighting. Even the chattering of those
who did not know grew subdued as the
venerable fiddler bowed over his instru
ment in the "Days of Old."
Then gray-haired miners rose and,
leaning on their canes, spoke words
that even Bret Harte could not chron
icle. " 'Twas out of Chinese Camp.
Pete Smith, he was my pardner. Every
one here knows Pete. He's dead now —
Vent up in a blast. Well, me and Pete
lived off the burro for a week. Then
we boiled the hoofs. Just when we was
trying to chew the bones we struck it.
The dust lasted three weeks in Frisco —
we had to throw some in the bay to get
rid of it. But we dumped it all. We
knew there was lots more in Tuol
umne." ; -)',
So ran the tales.
Reminiscences that thrilled and
brought tears to the eyes were told of
the old mining camps — Sonora, Jim
town, Shaws Flat, ScrapervIIle, Pine
Log. Chinese Camp and Poverty Flat.
Each had its tale; all were worth hear
ing. The "Old Friends of Tuolumne"
ivtll meet again next year.
\ Among the prominent pioneers pres
fent were former Lieutenant Governor
Sudfiison. B. Mayer. J. A. Sampson.
JValter Gallagher, B. Conrad, Henry
JHarter, Ad Hunter, James Homer,
|Tharles Rutherford and Daniel Sewell.
PERSONAL.
Dr. L. A. Frary of Napa Is at the
Grand.
E. Holden Smith of New York is at
the Palace.
Dr. Mark L. Miner of Sacramento 13
at the Grand.
Dr. J. C. Graffln of New York Is at
the St. Francis.
B. F. Brooke, an oil man of Weed,
is at the Palace.
Dr. George C. Browne of Stockton
is at the Palace.
A. W. Stuart, a rancher of Rio Vis
ta, is at the Grand.
Judge J. S. Torrance of Los An
geles Is at the Palace.
E. C. Merritt, a capitalist of Santa
Rosa, is at the Palace.
J. C. Ruddock, an attorney of Uklah,
is a guest at the Grand.
William M. Bray, a prominent resi
dent of Portland, is at the St. Francis.
Dr. and Mrs. A. Boehr of Pasadena
registered yesterday at the St. Fran
cis.
G. S. Cutler, a wine man of Calisto
ga, is among the latest arrivals at the
Grand.
William P. Hammon. head *t the
big dredging enterprise at Orovillo.
is staying at the Palace.
Among yesterday's arrivals at the
Grand was J. F. Condon, a prominent
lumber man of Verdi. Nev.
Professor Walter N. Bush of the
Polytechnic High School survived an
operation for appendicitis performed
yesterday morning by Dr. J. C. Stinson,
and is now on the road to recovery.
'OVERCOME BY GAS. — John VcKoo ot 821-
Ellis street was found unconscious tn his bed
yesterday . morning In a room filled wltlx r&a
He will probably recover.
TIN BOX DID NOT HOLD
WILL OR EXPECTED FORTUNE
Its Strains Bring Memories
of "Days of Old, Days
of Gold, the Days of ? 49 V
Closely Questions Witness in
Eppinger Case Regarding
Connection With Police
At the meeting of the Fire Commis
sioners yesterday a communication
was received from Colonel A. "^An
drews of the Diamond Palace asking
permission to present a gold watch to
the valiant fireman. President New
hall of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children tendered a
bronze medal to the hero. A check
for $25 from the California Fruit
Canning Company, where Mrs. Massa
was employee!, was sent to the Fire
Commission to be presented to En
gelke.
The Fire Commissioners recom
mended that Mayor Schmitz send En
gelke to the St. Louis World's Fair as
an exemplar of the kind of men who
compose the' San Francisco Fire De
partment. In addition the commis
sion granted him two months' leave of
absence with full pay.
Dynamite will soon be among the
fire-fighting weapons of the San Fran
cisco Fire Department. The Fire Com
missioners made application yesterday
to the military, authorities for permis
sion to store quantities of the explo
sive. In event of a great conflagration
it Is indispensable that the department
should have it on. hand. The value of
dynamite in blocking fires has already
been proved in the East.
Honors came fast yesterday to Aug
ust Engelke, the heroic fireman who
rescued, at the imminent risk- of his
own lifei the three-year-old boy, Lau
rie Massa, from a burning flat at 41
Vandewater street recently. Engelke
swung himself from the window of
arr~adjoining room.^took the baby in
his arms and descended on a ladder
raised by his comrades. . ¦ ¦
Gallant Fireman, Who Rescued, a
Baby, at Risk of His Life, Re- i
celves ' Full Recognition.
ACH ATTEMPTS
TO SHOW BIAS
AN OLD FIDDLE
RECALLS PAST
ENGELKE OVERWHELMED
WITH HIS MANY HONORS
I call the board's attention also to the fact
that there is no limitation, restriction or no
tification to the Auditor concerning civil ser
vice eligible list.* as applied to this commit
tee's expenditures.
I wish bere to emphasize the fact that
where civil service provisions apply the offi
cial in whose department the employes are to
be employed .will be presumed to : follow the
law and where such provisions do not apply
he cannot be compelled by a declaration of the
budget to make them comply. ¦.. ;¦-.
- \\ hile the Twin Peaks auxiliary water sup
ply- system for Increased fire protection, for
which $150,000 is appropriated, is a desirable
and perhaps, under present conditions, a
necessary expenditure. I wish to call the at
tention of the Board of Supervisors to th* fact
that the Spring- Valley Waier Works Is col
lecting from the city ,_every year, a large
amount of money for such fire protection, and
that In nxing its rates hereafter. If this
auxiliary system shall be Installed, there
should be deducted from the amount now al
lowed ¦ that company for, such' fire .protection
the cost of operatinr the- auxiliary system to
gether with Interest and. ¦ proportion of costs of
construction thereof. ' "
.The company clearly Is not entitled to col
lect rates on the ordinance of 1902-1903. and
as it has itself caused to be suspended by la-
I hereby disapprove and veto the following
words In the Item relating to sanitary measures
in the dUtrict known as Chinatown, to wit:
"A special committee of the Board of Super
visors with, the advice of." leaving the ex
penditure of the appropriation of $10,000 to the
State and City Boards of Health and the United
States Marine Hospital Servlc* at this
pott, on the ground that I such expenditure
should for be«t results properly t» made by
the various health authorities.
In this connection also, I wish to call the
attention of the board to the fact that no
civil service restrictions were attempted to be
placed on the employment of the men who
were to receive the moneys to be expended by
the special committee of the Board of Super
visors for such work, although for similar
work by other departments civil service noti
fications, limitations and restrictions were
liberally applied. • -V- ¦••¦
I am also informed that the chairman of
the Public Utilities Committee has employed
clerical help without application to, or rec
ommendation by. the Mayor or without the
affirmative vote of fourteen members of the
Board of Supervisors, as required by the char
ter, and that he has failed to select the same
from "any civil service lists, although In. open
board a very fervent advocate of the applica
tion of civil service provisions to other munic
ipal departments, and I am further Informed
that one of his appointees is not a resident of
the city and county of San Francisco. By
what right or authority the chairman of thia
committee has created and appointed to public
positions these employes I do not know.
NO LIMITATIONS NOTED.
CLEANING OF CHINATOWN.
The members who are responsible - for the
drafting of this budget have zealously labored
to fasten upon every department Involving re
sponsibility to the Mayor of the city the bur
den of doing work with employes not of their
own selection, taken arbitrarily from lists of
men, many of whom are absolutely unfit prop
erly to do the work expected of them, while
In the departments friendly with and of the
same political party as the members referred
to. and Indeed, hi the matters under their
own Immediate control, they have been very
careful not to provide these restrictions.
I have no fault to find with the principles
of civil service reform. If the practice ac
corded with the theory a beautiful govern
mental fa brio could be created; but when men
taken from the civil service lists rejoice In
their disloyalty to the administration of which
they are a part when they write letters to
public officials recommending applicants for
employment upon the sole ground that they are
political enemies of the Mayor of the city,
I think it high time to express a disapproval
of conditions which would In no private bus
iness enterprise be tolerated even for a mo
ment and which do not make for the best In
terests of the city..
EMPLOYES ARE UNFIT.
I wish to call the attention of the members
of the board and also of the people of San
Francisco to the manifest petty political re
taliations and unconcealed hypocrisy which
are apparent In the construction and presenta
tion of this budget. In every department of
the city administration which is directed by
officials who owe their appointment to the
Mayor of San Francisco the figures of the ap
propriation have been calculated with such
subtlety and with such restriction, as seri
ously to impair their efficient operation and
almost to cripple their admfnlstratlon. while in
departments controlled by the political col
leagues of the gentlemen who drafted the
budget liberality and indeed extravagance are
easily to be found. „ .
The following items were reduced by
the amount set opposite to them in the
vetoes of the Mayor: •
Public convenience station. Fifth street,
$7500; electric elevator. City Hall. »760O: new
stenographer. Board of Supervisors, *1200;
Finance Committee, expert services, $8000; ad
vertislns, $1000; law books for public offices.
$1000; expenses in acquiring public utilities,
$3000; maintenance of minors in non-secta
rian institutions, $5000; premiums on official
bonds, $1475; expenses of eult of Spring \a.
ley Water Company. $15,000; driving tenders
and dolphins at Third-street bridge, $3000.
Total reduction, $53,675.
The Mayor's veto ran in part as fol
lows:
Under the rules the veto message will
be officially printed once and will then
be referred to the Finance Committee
for a report. When the message comes
before the board it will require fifteen
Supervisors to override the specific
vetoes. Booth and Payot are away,
and it is likelv that the vetoes will be
sustained by the votes of Finn, Rea,
Lunstedt and Boxton.
MESSAGE TO 'BE PRINTED.
- In reducing the appropriation of $25,
000 to $10,000 for defending the Spring
Valley Water Company's suit against
the city the Mayor says he will with
draw his veto If the money Is used to
bring an action to settle the water rate
controversy.
right to dictate In the premises, as the
law must be obeyed without any out
side interference.
Junction tho rates for 1903-1901 there are. In
my opinion, do rates which It can enforce or
collect, and I believo that during the past
year th» Spring Valley Water Works has be«n
collecting Its -water bills illegally from th«
rate payers and water consumers of San Fran
cisco and any one of them, in my opinion, has
th» right to refuse payment of any rates base!
on the ordinance of 1902-1903. When the Su
pervisors this year passed an ordinance, tlx
lag water rates for 1904-19C5 the Spring Val
ley Water Works began another action similar
in kind to the action of the former year and
will nndoubtedly proceed to collect Its water
bills as during the past year upon the basis
of the rates of two years ago.
The Mayor vetoed all the clauses Jn
the budget directing that money ap
propriated for salaries shall be used
only for civil service employes. He
contends that the Supervisors have no
Mayor Schmitz yesterday transmitted
to the Board of Supervisors his veto
message on the municipal budget for
the next fiscal year. The appropria
tions vetoed or reduced by the Mayor
aggregate^ the small sum of $53,675,
which is much less than was expected.
The Mayor explains that there are a
number of Items he deems unjust which
he would have vetoed, but it would
be futile, as the appropriations so elim
inated could not be used for other pur
poses.
The appropriation of $628,336 for in
terest and sinking fund of the bond is
sue for^ improvements "was not dis
turbed. The Mayor contented himself
with scoring: the Board of Supervisors
for what he considers petty tactics in
crippling departments over which his
appointees have supervision, and claim
ing that offices friendly to the Demo
cratic majority of the Board of Super
visors were treated in a liberal man
ner.
,, A special half-fare rate has been
made by the Southern Pacific Com
pany for the delegates to the gather
ing.
"How Can We Best Present the Industrial
Advantages of California and How Achieve
Success in Locating Manufacturing Establish
ments?" I. B. McMahill. secretary San Jose
Chamber of Commerce; "Taking Care of the
Settler on Arrival," Li. W.- Jefferson, secre
tary California Central Coast Counties Asso
ciation; "The Work of Local Organizations,"
C. W. Thomas, president Chamber of Commerce
of Tolo County; "The Work of District Or
ganization," W. A. Beard, secretary Sacra
mento Valley" Development Association;
"Methods of Centralizing Promotion Efforts."
R. P. Lathrop-Hollester. vice president Cali
fornia Central Coast Counties Association ;
"How to Co-operate Practically and Eliminate
Duplication In the Work of Advertising Cali
fornia," Morris Brooke, secretary Sacramento
Chamber of Commerce; "Architectural Im
provement in California." Charles Keely, presi
dent Hillside. Club, Berkeley; "The Advantage
of Bringing Tourists to the State and How
to Do It." D. W. Coolidge. secretary Pasadena
Botrd of Trade; "Co-operation With Organiza
tions Representing Great Industries as a Fac
tor In Promotion Work," Alden Anderson,
Lieutenant Governor of California; "The Divis
ion of Large Tracts of Land as a Factor in
Promotion Work," A. Frank Neate. secretary
Fresno Chamber of Commerce.
Officers of development organiza
tions, boards of trade and chambers of
commerce of the State will meet at
Sacramento at 10 a. m. to-day, under
the call of the- California Promotion
Committee in the Senate chamber of
the State Capitol building. The theme
of discussion will be the centralization
in development work. The visitors will
be welcomed by the Mayor. of Sacra
mento. Congressman Bell will deliver
an address. A list of topics has been
assigned to speakers as follows:
On one of his periodical visits to -the
racing tracks of the Pacific Coast he
met Miss Hopkins, and love ensued.
They were married and an ideal life of
married happiness, according to their
friends, has been the result.
What steps, are to be taken to vindi
cate Mrs. Quinn's good name and dis
pel all the rumors connecting her with
a low intrigue remains to be deter
mined. The reports connecting her
with the attempted suicide in St.
Louis are strongly resented by her rel
atives in this city.
Relatives and friends of Mrs. Charles
Quinn in this city are indignant at the
stories printed in a local morning paper
of accounts of her attempted suicide
in St. Louis. As a matter of- fact Mrs.
Quinn has never been in St. Louis and
is now with her husband in Chicago,
living in a handsomely furnished flat
at 5731 Madison avenue, one of the
swellest residence districts of the mid-
Eastern metropolis.
Whoever the unfortunate woman was
in St. Louis, who shot herself for love
of a bartender, it was not the wife of
Charles Quinn. - On May 1 Quinn and
his wife left San Francisco for an
Eastern trip and went first to, the Au
ditorium Hotel Annex in Chicago. Two
weeks later they removed to a flat on
Madison avenue. - Never at any time
were they in St. Louis.
Mrs. Quinn was formerly Miss Belle
Hopkins, niece of E. W. Hopkins of
this city and heiress to $1,000,000 under
the will of Mark Hopkins, one of the
"big four" who constructed the Central
Pacific line. She is said to be in the
receipt of $1000 a month as an income
from her property. Two years ago she
met and married Charles Quinn, who
was "bred in old Kentucky" and car
ried in his strain the love of pretty
women and fast horses that comes
from birth and breeding in the blue
Grass meadows.
Delegates Represent Boards
. of Trade, Associations of
Interior and Other Bodies
Resents Dictation on Civil
Service and Says Some
Departments Are Crippled
SCORES SUPERVISORS
TOPICS ARE ASSIGNED
Wife of Horseman and Heir
ess to Large Estate Is
Happy With Her Husband
NEVER IN ST. LOUIS
Published Reports of Story
Saying 3Irs. Quinn At
tempted Death Kesented
Will Discuss Plans for
Centralizing Work of De
velopment • in the State
xlg-greg-ate Eeduction Kec
ommended in Annual Ex
penditures of City Is Small
OFFICERS MEET
AT SACRAMENTO
FRIENDS ANGRY
AT FALSE TALE
MAYOR VETOES
BUDGET ITEMS
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE IS, 1904
16
. ADVEOTISEaiENTS. *X*t-t-
AT BROWN'S
Friday and Saturday
Mothers, there's nothing in town that can
touch these suits. They're smarter, better
built, more stylish and serviceable than any
you'll fipd anywhere, @x
tand the prices will K*)
look smaller than ever rv^t\~
when you see the A pJ/(\
values. f|| \dpy
Balance ijfiT
ofOur UX
Wash Suits III
Half Price af|g)
3-Plccc Suite Norfolk Suits
H.oo $3.00
= MILL *"* .
All-wool Blue, Gray TO In Gr^ and
and Brown Mix- MAN Brown Mixtures,
tnrcs. Cheviots and all-wool, Trousers
Faacj Tweeds.' i-j*u u-o
Pants lined. Ages 8 hned throughout. 8
to 16. to 16 years.
§16*518 MARKET ST.m$tc5i™by
15c Sale Fancy Ribbons.
We start in earnest t<>day to sell out. all our fancy ribbons.
We've decided to mark them at one price — 15c, even if some of
them were 35c and 40c. <* ,
H THE riSST— Is a 3 U -in. novelty ribbon, th/ee designs, pretty combina-
tions, 25c ribbon, to-day 15c.
THE SECOND — Is a 4-ln. printed warp or Dresden, made to sell at 40c, to-
day 15c.
THE THIED — Is that heavy flne quality of taffeta, colored grounds with
white stripes, on which are black silk polka dots,- 4 In., to-day 15c.
THE POtTBTH — A 2-In. French coin dot ribbon. 30c value, to-day 15c.
If you want any kind of a new bow tied, we. will tic it free of
charge. .. .- ' '¦ '•¦' ':
Drop Veils 5Oc Big Whisk Broom
Instead of 75c and $1.00. To-day at 10c.
Not old styles, either. As good as it is big. Of new
Pretty tuxedos, with chenille dots COm, well put together, just
JS? whiS wS^ES what 3™ Wattt tO take with
white, green and white and white and you to the Camp ; as good for
the home. An extra one always
V8$ SfeSSSlSiS SpHa r ue, ed « comes in hand*-, and such an
sale for the first time this morning. extra One 3S this IS. it Will go
50a quickly to-day at ioc.
10c Buys Box -»«««^SJStS^S'^r^
Stuffed Dates To-Day. ggg* »ff£ an «*"«*
Fine big dates plumb full of wal- — »re«iiasr Combg, 10c— Large 8-in.
x-iiic uiu uaica y Q d rubber coarse and
nuts and almonds. Buy a box for flne teetn .
over Sunday. You will want two. — race powder 18o — It's Tetlow*s
~,« v- n^~- «? Trt^ MfVi Gossamer, regular 20c powder;
maybe more, at ioc each. 80ft and velv ° ety ud e £ tra to :
Sc Box for : da y- At 13c -
Ice cream chocolate. Now won't r^ e r^ r^ h ° e 1 b O a X t r It S * n8w
there be a rush? Those delicious luxury for the bath,
little opera ice cream chocolates, T" ~~~~ .
6c box to-day. . Women s Stockings
3 for ioc: i 2 y 2C Pair: Sale To-Day.
tS^SZSS™ Vanl " a Just SO dozen of them. We could
sell more than that if we had them,
1 Another Sale Men's so don't wait too long. They're
__ *.,.,.,->•. ._ those black cotton stockings,
75C Night Robes 45C. seamless, with stretchable ribbed
r. rri i xt. tops; heels and toes that are doubly
Fancy Flannelettes strong; sizes 8% to.io. is^c P«
and Muslin, pair or $1.38 a doz. Buy your sum-
nj . . . j mer supply now. i
Plain or trimmed. y
They're all cut extra full in the body Big Sale ¦ Wrappers to-day.
and extra long (52 It?.): a night robe r ,. ».'f-.rr- •"
that you win not b«r able to get later Further details tit the Examiner.
for less than 75c; sizes 15 to 19. 45c. t
Pajama Suits 98c J fSLjffi r JBf *&
That we've been selling at 51.25 and JS5^ J&7 JSSh &dtt.
$150 Jf
Of good madras: in blue, pink and J£ff -^
red stripes; an Ideal vacation garment; -^ =g GmoGA^^
sizes 34 to 44. ¦ '" '"- —^
FBEE TO-DAY
Read Ad. on Classified Page.
SEASONABLE GIFTS
Our Sunday Want Ad. Patrons
Receive a *" ;
EUREKA FLY PAPER GUARD
And One-Half Dozen Sheets
STICKY FLY NET PAPER S
¦ MARKS BROS.
SHIRT WAISTS F03 WARM DAYS.
THEY'RE SUMMERY AND LIGHT.
¦WtnTE WAIST, aa pictured, of beauti-
ful sheer lawn — broad shoulder style — entire
front trimmed In embroidery insertion;
plaited back; full sleeves.
PIQUE. Iff /
*j/* if* . iSfi'' 1
WOMEN'S and MISSES' WHITE PIQUE
RUNABOUT. SKIRT, as pictured, trimmed
In embroidery Insertion;, extra wide; tight
over hips. - ,
PLENTY OF SNAP TO THESE
SHIRT WAIST SUITS.
5H1RT WA/3T iT^r
spec/al j^y.-i-ifyy. ; jl
Here's a cool, comfortable and stylish
DUCK SHIRT WAIST SUIT, with pictur-
esque style touches that appeal to fem-
inine taste. Tastily piped In black. Comes
In black and white polka dot effect. -
THE CO3BECT AUTO VEILS,
$1.00 KIND ~*"Y
Only a limited number of these strikingly
smart AUTO VEILS, 3 yards long; all
colors. Special at, 4Sc. * :*„ \ £f
ia%O RIBBONS : .."C
It's the TAFFKTA WASH RIBBON,
heavy cord edge, ¦ 3% Inches wide; not a
single good color missing. .
$1.25 IMPORTED VESTS. .... . »Oc
Women's Imported wool mixed Swiss
ribbed Ions-sleeve VESTS, All colors.
35o HOSE . ..... • ;'• . ....... ... 2oC
' Women's ; fast black - cotton HOSE;
double sole, high spliced heel. They're the
strong, wear-reslstlne kind.
05C CBtrSEED BEITS. . . . . . . . .lSe
/ : Come In black,* white, red and tan KID.
MARKS BROS.
'¦¦¦¦-: " The Home of Honest Values, "
1220-1222-1224 MMt St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ifM For Easy
Pj_SHAVlNG
™ EEOtTlAB PBXGS fa.
No danger of cutting yourself.
Comfortable to snave with; does
not pull. >¦-"..
I have complete sets of Star
Safety Razors up to $35.
Other razors as low as 91.
THOROUGHLY lairr.TA'ffT,^,
Pull line high-grade cutlery, all
standard makes. Including pocket
knives $1 and up.
Two bars "Williams' 10 cent
shaving: soap 15c.
. Mall orders promptly filled.
THATMAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS, the Stationer,
1008 ataaxET btxeht.
TootSi P@wdsr
"Good for Bad Teeth
lust Bad for Good Teeth"
Glvoo the Toeth 0 Pearly Lustr*
ma mi as 25c
¦¦¦u rrum Prompt relief. Can»o restored.
Hflf f fclftK Symptoms n#»er return A coin.
"""¦¦ ¦"¦"•" plet» ami permanent eontrtito-
AND ACTI3&7A tion»l CURE . lu»k «» "••.
* NB Ad I flmil Writ. •« once for tt. t*
P. HAROLD HAYES, Buffalo, N. Ye