BIRDSBYE VIEW OF VICTOR. COLO.. THE SCENE OP SANOTHNART RIOTTNO.
•"AND MILITIA OFFICER WHO WILL, ASSUME COMMAND OP THE TBOOP3
".. ..IN /THE DISTURBED DISTRICT. , • " " ?
War News* Continued on Page 4.
LONDON. June 8.— The corre
spondent of the Daily Mail at -Simla
Bays that the British advance on Lassa
has been ordered for June 26.' - • • '
British Advance Ordered.
TOKIO. June 7. — A detachment of
the Japanese force which landed at
Takushan Surprised and routed ' a
company of Cossacks on Sunday at
Kanchiatun, on the Kinchou road,
seven miles northeast of Takushan.
on the Kinchoa Road.
Surprised and Defeated by Japanese
COSSACKS ARE ROUTED.
NAGASAKI. June 7. — The Norwe
gian steamship Aggl, which arrived
here on Saturday from Cardiff with
coal, was arrested by the Japanese to
day. The reason was not given.
Norwegian Steamship Seized.
TOKIO, June 7. — Admiral Togo has
succeeded in clearing the channel
leading into Talienwan. He began
locating mines ' on June . 3 . and since
then he has found and exploded forty
one. * r
Oianuel Cleared of Mines.
SEOUL, Korea, June 7. — Reliable
information has been received here
from Pingyang to the effect that Cos
sacks between Anju and Kaichou are
reported to be killing the Korean na
tives and looting their homes.
31 orders Charged to Cossacks.
SUCCESS ATTENDS TEST
OF, TORPEDO-BOAT FULTON
Submersion of More Than Twelve
Hours Docs not Harm Craft— Crew
v In Good Condition.
NEWPORT, R. I., June 7. — The sub
marine torpedo-boat , Fulton, which
was sunk to the bottom of the ocean
last evening for a test, remained there
more than twelve hours, coming up at
11:10 o'clock to-day. The men were on
duty In' watches of two -hours each;
the remainder of the time being spent
in reading, playing games and sleep
ing. All the members of the. crew
were in, good condition to-day and ap
peared jj> have rested; well/
Nine Drowned in Flood.
MAMERS, ' France. June 7.—Tor
rential'rains flooded the water courses
this evening, causing the collapse of
several : houses. 1 Nine ' bodies were re
covered and several persons are miss
in*.- ' - ' ..-. , ¦¦ ,-
NEW YORK, June'TJ— Matthew Hal
loran.aged 14,. and Edward Kerr, aged
13, with three ;other boys of about th»
same" age, obtained two' bottles of
whfcrky, climbed' to the top^of a rock
and sat down -to drink.. Soon they be
gan to shout and dance about near 5 the
edge of the cliff.;, Several men sum
moned a policeman, who called to Hal
loran and Kerr to comedown.'; "Not
on your life," the boys replied. /,
A conference was held, and it , was
decided that the only ' way to' rescue
them was" by^ means of "a- rope.'. .The
policeman sent for' the patrol 'wagon
and a rope." When these arrived the
officers climbed-to the top of the rock,
where^tHey.found three ot the boys j had
managed to escape. Two, Halloran and
Kerr, were lying unconscious. Near
them was an empty quart bottle which
had contained, whisky. A rope was tied
about the form, of Halloran and , he
was lowered to the pavement, .while
a . crowd which nearly . blocked the
street, watched: Kerr r was lowered; in
a similar manner, and' an ambulance
was called and the" boys were hurried
to" Harlem' Hospital^' Both 'lapsed Into
insensibility. : When. the parentg of the
Halloran boy were notified that, his con
dition ,was { critical • they summoned * a'
priest, 1 .who administered, extreme unc-'.
tlon. The j surgeons say , the boy > will
probably .- die.' 2 Kerr : is also in i a serious
condition. • ¦ .... — .
Japanese agents have been In this
city several times, and as a result, it
is said, draughtsmen are working day
and night at a local hotel on plans and
models for submarine boats. Some of
these models are known to have been
fchipped to New-port News.
BRIDGEPORT. Conn., June 7.— A re
port reached this city to-day that the
eubmarine boat Protector had been
snipped to Japan fr«.m New York ana
that four boats modeled after the Pro
tector are now under construction at
the works of the Newport News Dry
dook and Shipbuilding Company.
Bridgeport men interested in the con
struction of these boats decline to give
any information as to what has been
done with the Protector. - ; ¦;
From Newport News.
Vessel Belie* cd to Have Been Shipped
JAPAN* BUYING "SUBMARINES.
Edward Kerr and Matthew
Halloran Drink Quart of
.Whisky on Top of Cliff
DRINK NEARLY
KILLS YOUTHS
BERLIN, June 7. — The Frankfur
ter Zeitung announces that a syndi
cate of German and Dutch capitalists
has been organized for the financier
ing of a cable from the Dutch island
of Monado Tua, off the coast of Cele
bes, East Indies, to the Island of Guam
and thence to Shanghai. Through a
connection with- the American cable
it is intended to eliminate British in
fluence over, the German and Dutch
cable business with East Asia.
German and Dutch Capitalists Or
ganize Syndicate to Connect the
Islands by Wice.
CABLE TO GUAM FROM
JiOXADO TUA PROMISED
CHICAGO, June 7. — After securing
her "wedding outfit' by having the
goods charged to two men of wealth,
Rose Reifers, 18 years old, was ar
rested while passing herself off as the
daughter of Theodore A. | Kochs. She
had ordered Jewelry to the value of
$350 charged to Kochs' account. The
Jewelry consisted of a diamond ring
and shirt stud which the young
woman afterward confessed she ; in
tended to give to George Breckley of
Oak Park, to whom she is engaged.
The girl's parents are well-to-do
and declare their, daughter had every
thing she wanted.
Rose Reif ers Poses as Daughter of
Wealthy Man and Orders Finery
and ¦ :wels. .
SECURES WEDDING OUTFIT
AT EXPENSE OF. STRANGERS
"During a reconnoisaance on June 3
in the neighborhood of Saimatsza a
detachment of Japanese infantry fired
on our rear guard. Their approach
¦was stopped by an advance of our
troops. The firing lasted two and a
half hour*. We had two men killed
and six wounded."
ST. PETERSBURG, June 7.— The
ccncral staff to-day received the fol
lowing dispatch from General Sak
haroff. chief of staff of General Kuro
patkin:
"There is no change in the situation
!n Fcngwangcheng.
"A Japanese detachment has evac
uated a position which it occupied
couth of Vafangow, near the village
of Chuchiatun, and retired southward,
pursued by our cavalry.
Japanese Attack a Russian Reconnoit
crinc Party.
BRUSH NEAR SAIMATSZA.
INJUNCTION
IS SOUGHT
BY PRIPPS
Financiers AreDrawn
Into a Suit for
Divorce.
BURDETTE*S ABSENCE DUE
TO HIS LOSS OF MEMORY
to West Pointers.
Humorist Forgets Pass and Is Pre
vented From Delivering a Speech
ST. LOUIS. June 7.— The failure of
the Rev. "Bob" Burdetts of Los Ange
les to deliver an address Sunday after
noon before the West Point cadets at
the Hall of Congresses is explained thf*
evening by the Post Dispatch. The
banquet of the humorists Saturday
night was not responsible for his ab
sence unless it caused him to forget
that he received a Sunday pass to tho
World's Fair grounds. He certainly
forgot and persistently endeavored t»
convince the Jefferson guard at the In
side Inn entrance that he was entitled
to enter to deliver a speech. The guard
refused, however, to be convinced. Sun
day night Burdette suddenly recalled
to memory the pass, but the time for
its usefulness had fled. .<;
TAKES WARNING FRO5l
IROQUOIS THEATER FIRE
Mayor of New York Signs Measure
Regulating Erection of Amuse
ment Places.
NEW YORK, June *7. — An ordin
ance jregulatlng the construction of
new theaters has been signed by
Mayor McClellan. Its formulation
was resultant from the Iroquois Thea
ter horror, and under the new con
ditions erecting new playhouses here
will be an expensive operation. No
changes are provided for theaters al
ready In existence, but hereafter • it
will be practically necessary to have a
14-foot court at both sides and in tho
rear of buildinjErs with a seating ca
pacity of more than 1800.
cepclon de la Veaga. leaving- 100 men
dead or wounded on the field.
Driven From Conception de la Veaca
With a Loss of One Hun
dred Men.
CAPE HAYTIEN, Hayti. June 7. —
The ¦ revolutionary Dominican forces
sustained a defeat on Sunday at Con-
REVOLUTIONARY DOMINICAN*
FORCES 3IEET WITH DEFEAT
ceeded Sheriff Robertson when he re
signed under threats of lynching yes
terday, this gold mining district passed
a comparatively peaceful day. Through
out, the day deputies and soldiers
marched and searched the hills for
union miners and the sum total of the
day's arrests was nineteen. This
swelled the number of men confined in
the "bull i pen" to considerably more
than • 200 and to-night twenty-four of
them were i placed aboard a special
train and deported from the district. A
guard of deputies ¦ rode out of the dis
trict with them.
The men were residents of the fol-;
lowing towns of the district: Cripple
Creek, three; Victor, three; Irrdepend
ence, tweTve; Goldflelds. three: Ana
conda, two, and Altaian, one. They
were all active unionists and served as
lenders In the strike row pending.
ENFORCED RESIGNATIONS.
Three additional city officials were
forced to resign their offices to-day,
namely: Chief of Police William
Graham, Night Marshal Fred Hardy
and Justice of the Peace Charles Har
rington. Their reputed sympathy for
unionism led to this action. In each
case a committee of the Citizens' Al
liance waited upon them and compelled
them to act immediately under pain of
violence.
Sixteen deputies armed with sawed
off shotguns visited the union store
and made a thorough search for
weapons. They were rewarded by find
ing a rifle and shotgun concealed be
hind a large Ice* ox. Subsequently they
went to union headquarters and over
turned everything in an effort to find
the union records. Their efforts were
unavailing. -
BLOODHOUNDS LOSE TRAIL.
All of those injured In the dynamite
outrage at Independence and the riot
ing in Victor are reported doing well.
No definite clew. It. is understood, has
been obtained through the bloodhounds
which, were started on the. trail of the
persons who placed the" infernal ma
chine under the station at Indepen
dence, rv .' t<~- :
While the. tension Is tightly drawn
and the whole district has taken sides
in the bitter ' feeling existing between
the Mine Owners'- Association and the
unionists," It is believed that a clash
will • be averted, for the reason that
most, if -not -all, -of the union leaders
are In durance. The streets of this city
are constantly patrolled by citizens and
soldiers^ J . * '"¦* •
- DENVER,' June ,7.— In the conven
tion of the "Western Federation of
Miners ' to-day 'a resolution condemn
ing * the "nefarious dynamiting plot"
which v aent fifteen miners to their
federation; offers reward.
Miners'. Organization Aids in Quest of
» Dynamite Fiend.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, June 7.— Divorce proceed
ings . have been commenced In Denver
by Lawrence C. Phipps against Gene
vleve Chandler Phipps. The suit was
filed at 10 o'clock -last night and no
record was made of It.
A feature of the case is an applica
tion restraining J.Pierpont Morgan &
Co.. the United States Steel 'Corpora
tion and the United States Trust Com
pany from paying Mrs. Phipps divi
dends. 1 * ¦,:¦
/The main contest will J>e for the cus
tody of the two children, who are now
In the ; possession of Phipps, having
been abducted by him from their moth
er at the Holland Hotel,- New York,
last Friday. They were at once brought
to Denver. .
-T Dispatches from New York state that
conferences were held. at the, home of
Mrs.' Henry Phlpp's with a view, to set
tling the family troubles. The . outcome
of the meeting Is not known.
,' NEW, YORK, June '7.— Mrs. Law
rence Phipps to-day '—-g out a state
ment concerning the recent, rerhovai by
her husband . of their, children without
her knowledge. from a hotel in. this
city. Mrs. | Phipps says that she ,was
about' to undergo a surgical operation
and ( desired the presence- of her chil
dren in what might. prove to be the last
hours of, her life i and that it was not
her purpose- to : take the children from
Phipps. -She says that it is 1 due to
Phipps • to . say that • the ' statement that
she was bound and 'gagged in her room
at ,the , hotel . when -the children were
taken is untrue. .
LONDON, June 8.— The Foreign Of
fice denies that the British Mediter
ranean squadron has Bailed for ' Tan
gier, as cabled from Gibraltar. The
Mediterranean squadron did sail from
Gibraltar this morning, but returned
to that port this afternoon.''"' . .
The statement that the United States
intends, in the event of the failure. erf
the negotiations, to seize a Moorish
port. Is not credited at the Foreign Of
fice, where it is said that the United
States and England are working har
moniously, with ¦ the co-operation of
France.
TANGIER, June 7.— Armed Anjera
Moors invaded . the residence of an
Englishman here to-day »¦ <i compelled
his wife to give up the rifles of her
husband who was absent. The out-;
rage took place in broad daylight.. The
British Consul demands the arrest of
the tribesmen, but the Moorish officials
hesitate because the perpetrators 'are
influential. /
The letter formally reminds the Ex
position Company of the date for the
payment of the first Installment of the
loan and incloses a copy of the rules
governing the loan and repayment.
President Francis; discussing Secre
tary Shaw's letter, said:
"The first -payment to the United
States Government by the World's Fair
Companyon -the Federal loan of $4,-
C0O.OOO will be made "promptly, on June
15, as the law- authorizing the loan pro
vides, and every^cent of ' the required
amount will be paid without the slight
est difficulty." - ¦'•'
ST. LOUIS. June ' 7. — In a letter re
ceived by the Exposition Company, to
day. Leslie M. Shaw,- Secretary of the
Treasury, gave formal notification that
if payments on the $4,600,000 Govern
ment loan are not promptly forthcom
ing when due he, as the -guardian of
the United States treasury, will take
charge of the receipts and collection of
fair tickets.
Special Dispatch to The" Call,
• NEW YORK, June 7.— At the.Knicft-'.
erbocker Art Galleries to-day -C. E."
Smith began the sale of a collection .of
furniture, paintings' and'art Objects'be
longing to' the- estate, of Mrs. Charles
L; .Fair. Many curiosity and!
a few who desired mementoes ';. filled
the galleries. The prices -were-low; and •
many fine pieces of 'furniture went at
bargain. figures.) .
Mr. and Mrs. Abe Nelson, relativeslof
Mrs. Fair, purchased a number of ar-]
tides, among which" was a silver-plat
ed chafing dish for $3 50. The highest
price. of the afternoon, $123/ was paid
by Mrs. Jacob' Berry' for a ¦ royal Agra
carpet 11 feet In length'and 9 feet in
width'.- ' • . \
The total was 52970 72. The sale will
be continued" to-morrow. .
Special Dlapitch to The Call.
According to the story to}d the offi
cers the physician entered the kitchen
of the Delmonlco restaurant, on Park
street, one of the best-known eating
houses In the city, this evening, carry
ing a bundle which he wanted to put
In the fire. As the doctor upon several
occasions before had put bundles into
the fire the cook thougnt nothing of
the request and granted it.
Several minutes later the cook, un
able to get the stove lid down, removed
the iron and was horrified to find on
the top of the mass of flaming coals
the body of a baby slowly burning to
ashes, the complete cremation of which
would have been accomplished in a few
minutes more.
BUTTE, Mont, June 7.— A horrible
story of the burning of the body of a
small baby was told to the police to
night and a serious charge will be pre
ferred against a prominent physician
of this city as soon as he can be lo
cated.
St. Louis Will Repay
Government's
Loan. .
A Russian .gunner, who was badly
vounded at Turenchen, has received a
medal for an exploit performed by
him during the fighting there. He re
turned to his gun. which could hot be
removed when the Russians with
drew, and disabled It as the Japanese
•were coming up. He received t num
ber of bayonet wounds, but suct^eded
in making his escape. \
VLADIVOSTOK, June 6. — Mail ad
vices from Liaoyang say that an am
bulance train to arrive here has on
board, among other wounded, a Jap
anese prisoner whom General Kuro
pukin took particular care to single
out and compliment on the fighting
qualities of his compatriots. The gen
eral told the Japanese he would per
fonalJy insure the forwarding of a let
ter to his parents in Tokio.
Returns to Disable Abandoned Can
non and Receives Many Wounds.
RUSSIAX GU.VXER'S HEROISM.
Pine Furniture and
Paintings Sold -
iGlieaply;
Strange and Grewsome Tale
Told to Butte Police by
a Cook in a Restaurant
FINDS BABE'S
BODY IN STOVE
Compel Woman to
Give Up Rifles
of Spouse.
MOORS ROB
WIFE OF
A BRITON
EXPOSITION
CITY'S FUNDS
ARE AMPLE
MRS. FAIR'S
BELONGINGS
AT AUCTION
Riot News Continued on Page 2.
8T. LOUIS. June 7. — Governor
James H. Peabody of Colorado left
for Colorado to-day.
Peabody Retornlns to Colorado.
ST. PKTERSBI'RG. June 7.— Grand
Duke Alexis, commander-in-chief of
the navy, according to an apparently
reliable report, has obtained the per
mission of the Emperor to create a
third PaciTic squadron from the ships
of the Black Sea. fleet, and permission
has already been obtained from Turkey
to take the ships through the Darda
nelles on the condition that they will
r.ot return. This t-quadron will be
composed, according to the report,
of the battleships Rostlslav. Dvenad
rat. Apostoloff and Tria Sviatitella. It
will be accompanied by torpedo-ooats
and destroyers and will sail for th«» Far
UtM simultaneously with the Baltic
squadron.
LONDON, June 7.— The Foreign Of
fice lias not received any requestjtrom
Kussia or Turkey to agree to the p'as
cage of the Russian Black Sea fleet
through the Dardanelles. It Is pointed
•¦•ut that Turkey doubtless wouid be
delighted to get rid of the Russian
Black Sea fleet, but the passage of
¦warships through the Dardanelles
would be a distinct contravention of
the treaty, permission for which Is not
likely to be granted if asked for.
British Foreign O£ce Has Not Heard
of Reported Plan to Violate
Treaty.
Names as a Condition That
Vessels Never Recross
tbe Bosporus.
Turkey Is Said to
Have Granted
Permission,
DENVER. June 7. — The News to
day printed the following Interview
with Vice President Williams of the
Western Federation of Miners, who is
acting In the capacity of president
during Moyer's imprisonment in tha
military "bullpen" at Telluride:
"The troubles at Cripple Creek — the
riot and disturbances there — are sim
ply an attempt to disrupt the union
and bring the strike to a close." h»
said. "It is my candid opinion that
the Citizens* Alliance, an organization
that is and always has been bitterly
hostile to the unions, is at the bottom
of this attempt to break the strike by
a display of violence." ¦
Union Leader Attributes Rei«rn of
Violence to Employers.
ACCUSES THE ALLIANCE.
death and seriously Injured a num
ber of others at Independence. Colo.,
op Monday was adopted unanimously.
A reward of $5000 is offered by the
federation for the capture of the per
petrator of the outrage.
Vice President J. C. Williams and
Secretary-Treasurer William D. Hay
wood were to-day re-elected to their
former positions. Owing to the ab
sence of President Charles H. Moyer
no nominations were made for the of
fice of president.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo.. June 7.-
Under the regime of hundreds of dep
uty sheriffs and about 150 militiamen,
receiving their orders from Edward
Bell, a wealthy mine owner, who suc-
Citizens' Alliance Compels Derelict
Officials to Resign Their
Positions.
BUCK SEA
FLEET MAY
SAIL SOOK
ASSISTED by hundreds of armed citizens, banded into a vigilance committee, Sheriff Bell of Teller' County, Colorado, and the
State troops have succeeded in restoring a semblance of order in the Cripple Greek district. Many leaders of the rioters -
have been thrown into the "bull pen" and others are being deported by train. Adjutant General Bell is en \ route to Cripple Creek
with a proclamation of martial law. No trace of the perpetrators of the Independence dynamite outrage has been found.
Bloodhounds Fail to Trace the Per
petrators of the Dynamite :
Outrage.
ARMED CITIZENS AID SHERIFF AND SOLDIERY
IN EXPELLING RIOTERS FROM VICTOR DISTRICT
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 8.
j TSS WXATKEft.'Y V.
>:-'-V S. •>.. ' l
rarecirt made at San rran
clsco' for thirty hour* eadtnff
miOniSfct,' Jruae 8: -^ "'"'..'
Saa Fran erf »co and vicinity —
Pair Wednesday; llyht north
•wrcdi. chawBiny to brisk west
erly. A. G. KcADIE.
\ District rorecartcr
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 8, '1904.
PRICE FIVE CEXTS
Alcasar— "trnder Two ri«s."
California— "The Cavalier."
Central— "The Peddler."
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Columbia — The tittle Minister."
Fischer's — "V. S."
Oranfl — "A Captain of Navarre."
Orpaeum — Vaudevilla. Matinee
To-Day.
Tivoli— "Serjeant Kitty."
THE THIA7IK3.
The San Francisco CallThe bon vivants and wits of Bov
hernia who compose the Family Club,
gave a theater party last night. They
were at Fischer's Theater to " ; sea
"U. S.," and the comedians of the!
company took advantage of theitj
presence to hurl happy allusions at
them which amused the audience and'
the theater party in particular. When*
ever one of the party received a pal
pable hit the other members joined in
the "joshing." The theater party was
cciv.pesed* of the. following members
of the club: ¦¦ , ;
Fainlly^piub Theater Party.
The annual picnic and outing under
the auspices of the parishioners of the
Star of the Sea Church will take place
at Shell Mound Park on Vyednesday^
June 15. A committee, consisting of
prominent members of the parish, has
been selected to make arrangements,
and many, valuable game and gate
prizes have already been secured for,
the occasion. Alexander MacDonalcl
was. appointed chairman; of the,' com-'
mittee and Walter T. Savage secretary;
The committee is made .up a8 follows:
John Greely, Hugh CJyne, Charles H.' Mc-I
Courtney,^ Felix • McIIugh, John JLSillhigton,
John J. Cassidy.* Edward A. Kenney> Philip
J. Ward. -John Maloney, I Herman - P. ¦ Oanzert,
John Kerwin, Thomas Farrell and P.^K.-Sav-
Park on June 15.
Members. of Star, of the. Sea' Parish
Will Make Merry^tr Shell Mound 3
CHURCH FOLK PLAN FOR
THEIR ANNUAL OUTING
'. A few days ago he'left the, hotel and:
later the checks were returrieo: f ronv
the Eastern banks on which they were'
drawn with the information that no
funds were deposited there to Parker's
credit. Yesterday the management of,
the St. Francis placed the matter in
the hands of the police and an officer
was detailed to round up the young
m&nrwho has been spending much of
his time in the tenderloin district. Up'
to a late hour last night, however, the
police had failed to find him, but they,
were hot on his trail and expect to
land him in Jail to-day.
A. D. Parker, until recently a guest
at the St. Francis^ Hotel, is being
sought for by the police. He is a
young man, said to be well connected
in the East and registered at the hotel
from Chicago. Shortly after his ar
rival h> ingratiated himself Into the
confidence of the hotel management
through the medium of several local
men of prominence and then pro
ceeded to cash his checks at the hotel
office for small -amounts.
Youngr Parker's Dishonored Checks
Lead to a Request From the
Hotel for His Arrest.
DETECTIVES LOOKING
FOR ST. FRANCIS GUEST
Ludwfg Busse, proprietor of Teu
tonia Hall, on Howard street, was de
prived of his liquor^llcense by the Po»
lice Commissioners last night. Busse,
when charges of permitting minors on
his premises where liquor was served
were brought against him, made as>
sertiohs that Commissioner Reagan
had trumped up the charge because
he refused to insure his property with ;
the Commissioner. When the case
was called last week Reagan produced
positive testimony to prove that^
Busse's assertions were false, that he
did not even solicit the insurance and
when it came to an issue the saloon
man failed to produce any testimony
• n support of his contention.
The ! Civil Service Commissioners
addressed the Police Board to the ef
fect that medical examinations for po
lice officers who desire promotion will
not be held hereafter, as the aspirants,
if physically capable to remain in the
department in' the lower rank, must
certainly be for the higher, the duties,
so far as police matters are concerned,
being the same.
Charges Against Reagan Must
Close His Bar.
Saloonmnn Who Failed to Prove
LICENSE IS TAKEN
FROM IjUDWIG BUSSE
At a meeting of the Board of Po
lice Commissioners held last evening
three permits for hack drivers were
granted- "J. H. Marlin and Alexander
Rics, both non-union men, were given
licenses, and 'James H. Mitchell, pr6
prietor of the" Stanford Stables, was
accorded the right to handle the reins.
Eight 'applications In all were >pre-i
sented. Three of the - applicants
failed to respond to their names. Two
morn were found to be unqualified and
their requests were rejected.
The Hackmen's Union did not make
any protest, .but each ; applicant was
put through a form of examination
similar to that adopted at the last
meeting of the board. Commissioner
Drinkhouse, who acted as chairman,
asked the men reasonable questions,
but to have: answered. all of Commis
sioner Hutton's queries concerning
small and outlaying thoroughfares a
man might be classed, as a walking
directory. ¦; The location of hotels'puz
zlcd James E. TIbbetts,' one of the ap
plicants, but he was well informed on
the position of streets. and was. given
one week to study up. information on
hotels and;points of interest. V/ -- ¦ '
Rice, who was.given a permit, con
fessed his inability to designate the
location of , hospitals/ but agreed ; to
carry a" directory ' with , him that he
and his fares mlght-not Stray from the
proper direction. /The representatives
of the ¦ Carriage Owners'. Association
agreed to . furnish all ; their' emplbyes
with .proper instructions before they
started out with passengers. ' • ¦
Stable Proprietor and Two.Non-Uniori
Men Given Hack Drivers'. Privileges.
THREE PERMITS GRANTED.
employes of the company at present.
Their ways are made smooth and their
paths pleasant in order to prevent them
from joining the freight handlers in
the strike. Their going out would be
a greater calamity . to the railroad
company than the strike of the freight
handlers, and every effort Is being
made to induce them to retain their
employment.
- iThe following changes in. his . de-,
partment were, announced yesterday
by Postmaster Fisk: Sophie Wer
theimer and G. L. Sullivan, appointed
from the civil service list as clerks at
$600 a year; resignations of Kate
DlcksOn, money order and registry de
partment, and J. H. Paulson, clerk,
accepted; Thomas P. Prunty : and
George T. Fealy, promoted from $1100
to 91200 a year; Margaret L. Bunker
and Daniel B. Dwyer, from $1000 to
$1100; Jewell Donovan and Frank H.
Maloney, from $900 to $1000; Isaac
Marks. and Isador Simons, from $800,
to $900; Fred K. Williams and John
E. Wyfas, from $700 to $800;. Fred R.
Baumann and Gordon F. Lyon, from.
$600 to $700. . .' :
Fostofflce Changes.
f George Spingula, a six-year-old boy
residing at 1226 Kearny street, ate some
bills that he found -and died in great
agony a few minutes later.- He was
playing with little Joe Faricello in the
rear of a house at 1222 Kearnv street,
and found a bottle containing some red
pills. He thought he 'had found some
candy and ate several, then proffered
some to his friend. The other bov re
fused to eat them. Within a few min
utes little George was writhing in,,paln.
Dr. Burke was -hurriedly " summoned
from Montgomery avenue and Green
street, but the boy was dead when he
arrived.-- The physician said- that, the
lad. had been poisoned, presumably
with strychnine. ;
Eats MUs and Dies.
JLast evening there, was a reception
in the social hall of the opera-house to
the supreme officers and delegates,
which was followed by a ball given by
the local lodges and under the direc
tion of the supreme officers, who act
ed as the committee of arrangements.
There was a well prepared programme
of dances, and the many that attend
ed had a very enjoyable evening.
The entire morning session was tak
en up in hearing the report of the su
preme president, which shows that
during the last twelve months there
has been a building up of the lodges.
A very creditable increase was made
in that line, as well as in finance. The
report shows that the order is in bet
ter condition than it has been at any
time since its institution. The order
has been fortunate during the last
year in having but two deaths.
At the afternoon session there were
a few changes in the laws, one to the
effect that the supreme chaplain shall
be elected before the supreme secre
tary and treasurer instead of after these
officers. Another was that no dele
gate who has not become a past pres
ident of a subordinate lodge shall be
eligible to the office of supreme pres
ident. The others were minor changes.
It was decided that the election for
officers shall be held this morning im
mediately after the reading of the
minutes.
The Supreme Lodge of the. Friends
of the Forest met in eighth annual
session yesterday in Mission Opera
Hall. The session was called to order
by Supreme President Mrs. Lillie A.
Dygert. Alf the .supreme officers,
past officers and delegates from the
several lodges of the order were pres
ent.
Some Changes in . Laws— New Officers
to Be Elected This Morning — Re-
I ccption and Ball.
FRIENDS OP FOREST
IN SUPREME SESSION
VICTOR, Colo;; June 7.— Two more
names were added to-day to the list of
those killed by the Independence dy
namiting. They '"are* George' S.' Hender
son and Fred Buckley. It is believed
that the bodies of several others were
blown to atoms and the remains are, in
the mass of flesh and bones at the bot
tom of the holp- made by the. tremen
dous charge of dynamite. ' "" * . '
Apart from a. few-small fights Jn con-
nection with the -rounding up' arid ar
resting of union- miners -no. -outbreak
has occurred in this district ;to-day.
Two local militia companies and a
small' army of f'armecT "deputies" under
Sheriff Edward Bell are In full control
of the camp. Though there has been
no turbulence to-day, there Is an un
dercurrent of feeling which bodes ill.
Secretary Clarence C. Hamlin of the
Mine Owners'- Association to-day de
clared that 200 prisoners now .'. held .in
the armory in Victor will be run over
the hills and warned never to '. return: 5
There is a minority element that want
to hang N.-W. O'Connell, fornier. Mar
shal of Victor, suspended and under
arrest; Alfred Miller, charged with
having started the riot which resulted
in the killing of Roxie McGee at the
mass meeting In Victor yesterday aft
ernoon, and several other leaders. No
hanging will take place, however, In all
probability unless resistance , is offered
by word or action of the prisoners. It
would require but little to result in a
wholesale hanging. '.
Virgil King, a union leader, and
fifteen others arrested in Cripple
Creek to-day, were taken to ' Victor
and deported. . • ' : . ; . : 'i' :
The Victor Record, was- censored -by
a special committee appointed by the
Sheriff before publication was per
mitted, to-day. ¦ *
Several boys, playing in the neigh
borhood of the hole made'-by the;ex
plosion'at Independence, to-day 'found
a portion of a cheaply made British
bulldog revolver. The weapon con
tained one empty shell.
The bloodhounds charge of Hugo
Pf aimer of Trinidad to-day traced the
assassin who killed the Findlay min
ers to a mile beyond Clyde station, a
distance of twelve miles. There the
scent was completely lost. It is be
lieved by the detectives working on
the case that the assassin took a bug
gy at that place and proceeded along
the old stage road to Colorado Springs.
The Coroner's Jury visited the scene
of the explosion to-day, after which
an adjournment was taken until 2
o'clock to-morrow afternoon, when
the taking of evidence will begin.
NIGHT OP KEEN ANXIETY.
Excited Throngs of People Crowd
Streets of Victor. ,
VICTOR, Cola, June 7.— Excitement
ran at a high pitch last night, 'although
no sensational- incidents occurred after
the riot of " the 'afternoon. " From dark
until jj dawn the principal : Streets were
almost as crowded as they were during
the day by thousands of men and wo
men, who had assembled from all part3
of the camp in-the' belief- that darkness
would invite further bloodshed. Their
expectations, however, ¦ proved to be
groundless. : ;
Aside from the occasional arrest of a
union "agitator by the military author
ities or the Sheriffs deputies and the
occasional shriek of a' Krag-Jorgensen
from some dark, secluded spot in the
foothills. the night, passed quietly.
All night, however, the streets of the
city and the footpaths leading to and
from the mines were watched closely
by the; troops and the -deputies and
every "few minutes a hard-faced miner
was brought in and placed in the
armory, which is under heavy military
guard.
Mayor French said yesterday that in
his opinion no more troops are needed
here.
¦ "Company L, now on duty, consists
of sixty men," he said, "and the num
ber'can be increased to 100 if neces
sary. Besides these soldiers we have
a force ol armed deputies. The civil
authorities have perfect mastery of the
situation. Should the military turn
over their prisoners to the civil author
ities there will be no lynching."
"The Western Federation of Miners
will be banished from the district,"
declare the mine owners.
"It has not been proved that the
dynamiting was done by the federa
tion," retort union' men; "we have a
right to remain here.'.'
Both sides express a determination
to fight to the bitter end. Business is
practically suspended in Victor and
conditions in Cripple Creek are lit
tle, if any, better. All saloons are
closed by order of the authorities.
Many merchants closed their
stores and all who can are doubling
or trebling their insurance. . ! ..
By order of Mayor French the -Fire
Department has stretched a line of
hose from ' a fire* 'plug at the corner
of Victor avenue, under Third street,"
to the armory for the purpose of dis
persing the crowd without resorting
to. the use of arms.
There are now 200 union miners in
the ! bullpen and N others are being
rounded up. ( . ,
••I ; : ; '. .+
;There are various reports regarding
the comj>ensation they have been
promised. One is that they are to re
ceive 50 cent*-*n hour, with board and
lodging and transportation each way
from the place from which they came.
Another is that they are getting $2 50 a
day flat, with board and a bonus of
ZZ cents for each day they work. The
railroad officials refuse to state what
inducements have been offered* to the
new men.
The check clerks, of whom there are
about fifty, are the most pampered
Apparently"" the" railroad company
w&s doing fairly well yesterday in the
matter v? moving freight.. The con
gf Ftion that marked the first day of the
Birike was visibly lessened.. Only shed
G t whence freight for the city it dis
tributed, seemed .unduly . piled up.
Nearly every train that came into the
depot brought from three to thirty-five
recruits to the men who are handling
freight in lieu of the strikers. At 5
o'clock yesterday afternoon J. C. Wil
der, superintendent of the freight
yards, stated that he had about 250
men at work, which was about three
fourths of his regular crew. He thought
that- to-day there would be a sufficient
number of men at work to handle the
freight, even in the most crowded pe
riods.
The new men are fed and bedded in
the freight sheds and have no neces
sity to venture out among the strikers.
They have been recruited from various
places, as far couth as Bakersfield and
as far north as Portland." Most of them
look as thotigh they were farmers.
COMPAVY SECURING MEN.
At the freight yards of the Southern
Pacific. Fourth and Townsend streets,
yesterday and last night the only in
dications that a strike was on were
the groups of men loitering in the vi
cinity discussing the situation. Eight
patrolmen and two mounted policemen,
under command of Sergeant Mahoney,
patrolled the vicinity of the freight
eheds, but their services were not
called into requisition. About 2 o'clock
in the afternoon Captain of Police
Spillane went to the freight depot and
reviewed the situation. As he was
leaving he stated that he had no fear
that there would be any disorder.
The striking freight handlers have
established headquarters on Fourth
street, midway between Brannan and
Townsend. Here a large number of
them were congregated all day
and President Winsky of the union
spent the day there. In explaining the
grievances of the freight handlers, he
said:
There are tw6 " questions" Involved In • tnis
strike. One U the ««r« and the other the
hours of Iab6r. ~,Tb$ latter U *ubsidiary, tp
the Jormer. We are paid by' the hour for our
labor and the company reserve* the right to
r.ame what hours we cha.ll work.* If freight is
light we can only work two or three hours a
day, but when a rush cotnee we often; are
otligeA to put In eevrtiteen and eighteen hours
and a faiure to respond to an emergency
summons means dismissal.
Practically we are doing the same work as:
etevedoreti tcr Lesc than one-half . of the wage
received by them. Often' a man is obliged to
work twenty hoars a day at the, m6st ex
fc*.Ufct:r,s kind* . of l#bcr and then - is . called ,
«pcr. the following morning to resume work
fpr an hour or two. &t fer which hfs services
are dispensed with for a <3ay-or t«n>.' The sys-;
i*m is so arramred that it scarcely ever: bap
{>cn£ that one man • <ao tnake f60 a mcr.th.
The very bfert workmen and the mo&t desira
ble to the amjary seldom make more than
I.'.r, a month.
What we are contending for Is a flat day
rate and pay for overtime. As long as we
mu&t respond to any summons of the company
we cannot 'undertake any. oth^er line of work
without disappointing ' our employers. But.
wben ;r<-:~bt is slack *e ¦ must : loaX without
I>e.y. In other words, when the company
wants us for an hour or two it pays us; when
it doesn't want us it keeps us idle without ray
anfl without a chance to work at anything
else. Stevedores work this way, but they
receive more than double the compensation we
do. An hour schedule can be arranged that
wit! be satisf actory to both sides, I think,
but we must either have a satiKfactory flat
rate • day or increased wages for this inter
mittent wcrk. . , ¦
Reports were received from the pick
ets etatirg that freight was piled to the
rooofs of all the sheds and that the ut
most confusion prevailed. It was
stated that three trains of cars with
local freight were lying unloaded in the
yards and that in the West Oakland
yards many more trains were blocking
the tracks because there was not room
to track them in the yards in this city.
Fifty new men arrived last night, but
it is said by the union that nearly one
half of them were induced by the pick
etM not to go to work.
All of the speakers at the meeting
Ftrongly advised the men against the
least act of violence and the advice met
vith hearty responses from the men.
The union holds that there are only
about 150 working in the sheds and
that with such a force of inexperienced
freight handlers it will be utterly im
possible to manage the traffic.
XO DISORDER OCCURS.
An open meeting of the Interior
Freight Handlers' and Warehouse
men's Union was held at their regular
headquarters in the Alcazar building
la*t night and the question of the
etrike now in progress between the
union and the Southern Pacific Com
pany was discussed.
After the open meeting an executive
Fessioa was held and various members
of the organization and some of the
cfficials from the Labor Council ad
dressed the meeting, explaining to the
men some of the minor issues upon
¦which some of the members were not
t'ntirely clear.
The chock clerks had been invited to
attend the meeting, but only four of
them were present. They are not or
ganized, but the entire body held a
meeting at noon yesterday and by a
vote of 31 to 18 decided not to Join in
the strike. Another meeting of the
clerks will be held to-day, at which thc
question will again be considered. It is
stated that since the strike the wages
of the check clerks have been advanced
from J5 to 510 a month, with a promise
that the increase will be permanent.
No Attempts at Yiolence Are
Made, but Pickets Induce
Many Recruits to Desert
Boys Find Revolver
Used by Dyna- .
miters.'
STRIKERS REMAIN FIRM
VICTOR, Colo.. June 7.— Two hemp
ropes knotted with a noose for hanging
were lying on a table In the room
where the Cripple Creek district Mine
Owners' Association held a heated dis
cussion to-day behind closed doors. The
members were greatly Incensed by the
discovery of what they regarded as
the existence of a plot in the Victor
Miners' Union for the wholesale assas
sination of mine owners and miners.
This evidence was a bundle of forty
marked photographs found by Lieu
tenant Keegan in the Union Hall. On
the back of some of the 'photographs
was the name of James. Cochrane, sec
retary of the union. Among the photo
graphs were group pictures of men
employed in the mines. The most im
portant was a group of the night shift
of the Vindicator.
The photograph contains about twen
ty portraits, flve of which were num
bered from one to five. On the back
were written the names of the persons
numbered. Of the flve names, those of
Charles JlcCormlck and Melville Beck
had been crossed out. These two were
killed In the Vindicator explosion last
November.
On other photographs similarly ar-
ranged, It is asserted, there are crossed
out the names of some of the men who
have mysteriously disappeared.
James Cochrane was arrested and
taken to the mine owners' headquar
ters for a hearing.
"I do not know anything about these
pictures," he said, "pxcept that they
were taken to show the 'scabs.* The
marks by the names of the men who
have been killed are, mysterious to me.
I was not present when the pictures
were taken and cannot tell you any
more about them."
News leaked out to-day that had
Thomas Christianson been captured
la*t night three men, would have 1ieen
lynched. The plot was arranged and
a special train was standing, on the
Florence and Cripple Creek tracks to
carry a body of men who were ready
in Cripple Creek, awaiting a signal.
Alfred Miller, former Marshal Michael
O'Connell and Thomas Christianson
were regarded as ringleaders In the
rioting of yesterday and they were
marked for lynching on that account.
The failure to capture Christianson was
the only reason the plan was not car
ried out. The other two are still in
custody and awaiting the decision of
the citizens' vigilance committee as to
their fate.
Names of Murdered or Missing La
borers Crossed From Tell
tale Portraits.
Southern Pacific Claims to
Have Nearly a Full Crew
Working in Freight Yards
Two Names Added
to the List of
Dead.
MANY HANDLERS
ARE IMPORTED
PHOTOGRAPHS OF MEN MARKED FOR ASSASSINATION
ARE FOUND IN THE VICTOR STRIKERS' HEADQUARTERS
For First Time in Foui
Years the Parrott Company
Elects Board of Directors
General Bell Carries to Cripple
Creek a Proclamation of
Martial Law.
INJUNCTION DISSOLVED
Manager "Eyan Says Failure
to Pay Dividends Was Du<!
to Drop in Price of Metal
-Therefore I. as Sheriff" of Teller
County, in view of the foregoing, here:
by request that such portion of the
National Guard of Colorado as may be
deemed necessary to enforce the law,
preserve peace and suppress the i n8Ur "
rection now existing and threatened
be sent with all convenient speed for
the said purpose to Teller County.
. "I hereby request, inasmuch as a
state of insurrection and rebellion
against the local authorities of the
State of Colorado is in existence, that
you, as chief executive ot the State ol
Colorado and commander in chief or
its military forces, proclaim the said
county of Teller to be In a state of
insurrectidn and rebellion.
"EDWARD BELL. Sheriff of Teller
County."
DENVER, June 7.— Adjutant General
Sherman M. ,BelI, accompanied ' by a
detail of | staff officers, is on his way
to ; Cripple Creek bearing Acting Gov
ernor Haggott's proclamation of mar
tial law. for. that district. He has in
structions to use" his; Judgment as to
the need for issuing; the proclamation,
and. if he decides that conditions war
rant-It," to place the' gold camp under
the 'reign of the military for the sec
ond time since the strike of the miners
began. last^Augyst. .'._
General Bell traveled oh a regular
Colorado nnd Southern train ;from Den
ver to Colorado Springs." At the latter
place the adjutant general and his es
cort entered a special train and pro
ceeded: to Cripple,. Creek.. • The framing
of the proclamation was ! the result of
an^ appeal vfrom Sheriff Bell of Teller
County for troops, declaring that a
state* of "insurrection -existed in the
Cripple Creek district. The appeal
reads4 -.'•¦-- --- ; •-— -»* ¦ - ~%? ¦-
: "You are herebv advised that there
is in existence In Teller Countv, Col
orado, a riot, and tljat mobs of men
are acting together .with intent to com
mit felonies and that -violence Is being
offered and attempted and threatened
as well upon the persons of said county
as upon property, and that organized
mobnare by force and violence break
ingthe laws, of the State of Colorado
and are threatening to continue to
break the laws of the State of Col
orado, and the civil authorities of said
county are unable to suppress the said
tumults and riot and are unable to
disperse said mobs, and are unable to
prevent the threatened violence to per
sons and to property; that numerous
citizens of ! said county have .request
ed/me to demand such military protec
tion as may tje necessary to prevent
violation of the law.
TRAIN HURRIES THROUGH.
Deported Union Men Not Permitted to
, , Stop at Colorado Springs- j
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., June
7. — A special train consisting of an
engine and two coaches, bearing fifty
union miners, deported from Cripple
Creek by the. citizens, passed through
this city this evening. It was going
at the rate of thirty miles an hour and
did not stop here. The first car was
empty and the second car had all the
blinds drawn and armed guards werp
on the platform.
The police and Sheriff's office here
were determined not to let the de
ported men stop here~ and arrange
ments were made with the Rio Grande
Railroad to carry them past this city.
It is presumed they are headed for
Denver.
About 300 persons were at the de
pot to see the train pass through, but
there was no demonstration.
BUTTE, Mont., June 7.— The Parrot t
Silver and Copper Company held its;
regular meeting of the stockholders m
day. Out of the total of 230,000 shares
of capital stock, 182,723 shares were
represented at the meeting and ths
following board of directors was elect
ed: Charles H. Dickey. Charles IX
Burrage, Sydney Chase, Arthur W,
Bemis, Richard D. Wlllard, Edward G.
Storey and John D. Ryan. This was
the first meeting of the stockholders of
the Parrott company at which they had
the power of electing directors since
June 6, 1900. At all previous meetings
since that date they were compelled tc
pa*s the election of directors and ad
journ by reason of Injunctions against
the company.
Regarding a question propounded by
certain stockholders regarding the sus-.
pension of divldenda, Mr. Ryan, man
aging ( director of the Amalgamated
properties in Montana, said:
"As soon as it became evident tn«*t
the high price of copper was not to
continue, it "was necessary to suspend
dividends entirely, but it is expected
that the company will, at an early
date, be enabled to resume the pay
ment of dividends."
JUDGE KERRIGAN ISSUES
VENIRE FOR GRAND JURY
OUTING FOR BENEFIT
, OF YOUTHS' DIRECTORY
OF IXTEREST TO PEOPLE
OP THE PACIFIC COAST
John II. Rns^ell Admitted to Practice.
Before Interior Department — Pat
ents Issued.
WASHINGTON. June 7. — John H.
Russell of San Jose has been admitted
to practice before the Interior De
partment. The following patents have
been issued:
Callforai*— Charles H. An<Jer»on. Saa Fran
cisco, cargo conveyor: Joseph P. Bolton.
Fresno, electrical temperature alarm; Mason
Bradneld. Los Angeles, portable elevator; Wal
ter Bullord. Chlco. baling press; Owen G.
Cates. Los Angeles, shoe holder: William Cos
ble, San Francisco, adjustable horse collar
measure; Ernest W. Hayden. Bayles, appa
ratus for holding can covers la canning; Wil
liam Laudahn. San Francisco, gold separating
and recovering apparatus; Nicholas Matco
vitch, Sacramento, broom bridle; William L.
Morrow. Stockton, nut lock; James II. North
rop, Tusttn, self-threading loom shuttle;
Charles Petersen. San Francisco, ammunition ;
Louis JUT Stamm. San Francisco, lasting ma-
Chine; James Tretheway. Stockton, bean
thresher and cleaner; Frank W. Vogel. Pant*
Monica, wrench.
Washington — Gerda II. TVlckelbergr Seattle,
skirt spreader; William C. Henie. Hoquiam.
saw swaging machine; Gladstone lilggs,
Bothell. lifting Jack; William A. McGowan.
Cathlamet. globe valve; Merton P. M In tvr".
Lakeside, cigar cutter and match ejector; Wil
liam 8. Lee, Tacoma, trousers hanger; Erio
Johnson. Seattle, reversing mechanism; Sam
uel C. Barrls. Seattle, adjustable miter box;
William R. Allen, HoQUiam, shaving ap
paratus, -i -, :, .•-¦:,'. - .::',.:
Cites Thirty Citizens to Appear to
Show Cause Why They Should
¦Not Serve. ''¦
The following well known citizens
were cited yesterday to appear before
Judge >Kerrigan Thursday to show
cause why they should not serve as
Grand . Jurors during: the next six
months:
Albert Lllllenfeld, 703 Market street; M.
Levy, 7U5 Muwlon street: Charles W. Welch.
141t> Turk street; Henry J. Crocker. 188 Crock
er building;; William Broderlck. 122 Guerrero
etreet; A. G. Hagerdorn. lOOS.FJllmore street;
Theodore F. Bonnet. 2414 Van. Neas avenue;
Matthew O'Brien. I860 McAllister street;
George I. Drucker, 111)8 Halght street: Franic
Maskey, 1073 Bush street; Henry M. Wreden.
tiZi Fillmore atreet; Charles G. Clinch. 0
Front street; F. J. Koster. 3"J7 Market street;
James Kltterman. 1313 Stockton street; John
P. Culley, 1010 Golden Gate avenue; F. H.
Kildurr. 2S>13 Lacuna street; P. F. Ferguson,
605 Montgomery street: Willis E- Davis. 2301
Scott street; Otto Jungblut, «23 Fillmore
street: J. W. Carmany, California Telegraph
and Telephone Company: P. Windier, 2013
Folsom street; Herman J. Cordes. 2196 Fif
teenth street; Maurice Block, 120 Ptne street;
James C. Xealon. 068 Halght street; Charles
A. McLane. 170H Fell, street; Milton H. Es
berg, .2332 Washington, street: Wakeneld
Baker, 2701 Pacific avenue; I. Zellerbach. 1730
Fell street; \\». G. Stafford, 112 Braderick
street; George Purlenky, 814 Fell street.
PKRSOXAIi.
Dr. J. V. Dougherty of New York
is. at the Occidental.
. W. H. Hatton, a lawyer of Modesto,
is staying at the Lick.
A. C. Bingham. a banker. of Marys
ville, is at the Palace.
J. M. Gardiner, who is connected
with an • electric - company in Santa
Cruz, is at the Grand.
C. H. Maltzer, a prominent rancher
of Point Reyes, is at the Grand.
Milton Latham, city passenger agent
of the North Shore road, has resigned"
his position with that corporation,
with a, view of engaging in private
business. His resignation will take ef
fect on the first of the coming month.'
Edward Chambers, general freight
agent; W. G. Barnwell, assistant gen
eral freight agent, and T. J. Shepard,
general superintendent of the Santa
Fe road, arrived yesterday from
Southern California" on a tour of in
apection and are registered at the St.
Francis.
John Landers has returned to the
city from a trip to New York and St.
Louis. At the annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Manhattan Life
Insurance Company in New York, Mr.
Landers was re-elected to the board
.of directors in recognition of his forty
years' service as representative of the
corporation in San Francisco.
Proceeds of Picnic at Schuetzen Park
¦•;, -Will Be Devoted to Fund of
," ;¦ . the Institution.
.. A] circular letter by the Most Rev.
Archbishop Montgomery has been
read in- all the Catholic churches of
the, city urging the people of the va
rious parishes to come to the assist-^
ance of the Youths' Directory and to
bear in mind particularly that the ex
cursion to Schuetzen Park next Sat
urday Is for the aid of the charitable
work of the directory. Archbishop
Montgomery is deeply interested in
the work being done by the church
for poor children and the directory's
record for the last year, in which it
has rescued and found homes and oc
cupations for more than 700 destitute
boys, commends It to enthusiastic pop
ular favor.
Rev. Father Morgan reports that
nearly 5000 tickets have ajready been
disposed of and that orders are rap
idly coming in. Twenty-four athletic
contests for prizes will be held at
Schuetzen Park and 200 gate prizes
will be given. The programme • ol
amusements in general will be com
plete and will contribute great en
joyment. One of the features will be
an Irish jig and reel contest for the
championship of the Pacific Coast, and
the best Irish dancers in the- State
will take part.
The general committee is composed
of the following named:
General committee — James H. Kelly, D. J.
Costello. G. Gallagher, James Meagher, John
Uannerman, L. McCrystle, Dr. Kerwin, J. C.
O'Connor. John Dignan, J. J. Glldea, A. B.
McGuire, Charles Kertn. William \ Flynn,
Thomas Flynn,* JDr. J. Sullivan, William Kelly,
Dr. Grazer, Daniel Danahy, J. J. Donohue, C.
Beard8ley, J. C. Kyan, F. Lawlor, Charles D.
South, J. O'Nell, Thomas Carew, John Mc-
Ir.tyre. E. McCoy, William Bl^py, James Fen
nel, B. Sullivan, J. Brennan, Bernard Bradley,
E. J. Gallagher, James W, Fenn, J. Donovan;
William J. Ryan, C. . I* Barrlngton, J. H.
Berry. Charle3 Swelgert, Captain Anderson,
Thomas Griffin. Charles Barry. J. B. Queen.
Miss Burke. Mrs Hogan. Miss N. Sullivan,
Mrs. K Lawlor. Miss J. O'Nell, Mrs. S. Har
tley, Miss Annie Lynch, Miss Julia O'Nell.
Miss C. Lynch. Miss M. CofTey, Mrs. W. Har
old, Miss C. Finnlgan, Miss K. Shay, Mlsa
II. Rlnir, Mrs. M. Sullivan, Mrs. Farrel, Miss
M Coen Miss Ring, Miss Delehanty, Mrs.
Drlscoll. 'Miss Colligan, Mies M. O'Neil. Miss
E Lanthier, Miss N. Hlsirtns, Miss W. lie-
Phillips. Miss N. Cronln. Mrs. T. Bulger, Mrs.
H.' J. Stafford, Mrs. M. McCarthy. Miss L.
Btrnard, Mrs. P. Lynch, Mrs. J. Dullen. Miss
Kate Casnasa. M1S3 K. Neyland, Miss Vr.
Burke. Miss E. .CLeary, Miss Nellie Bradley,
Miss Annie Curley. Miss M. Beatty, Miss K.
O'Connell Miss M. Kearney, Mrs. William
Gleeson, Miss A. Carroll, Miss M. O'Malley,
Miss B. Finnlgan. Mrs. H. Emery. Miss M.
McCarthy, Miss Mahoney Miss N. Dlnan,
Mrs. J. Coogan, M*«s J. Gauffhram, Mrs. L.
Callahan, Miss A. Conlan, Miss M. Hughes,
Miss F. Lennon. Miss A. Donnelly, Miss A.
McAdams. Mrs. V. Dowd, Mrs. Thomas Burns,
Mrs- J. Fennel, Mrs. Dowllng. Mrs. J. E.
McGivney, Mrn. M. J. Hughes. Miss Parker.
PROPERTY OWNERS THANK
MAYOR AND SUPERVISORS
Cali forn Inns In ! New York.
NP:W YORK. June 7. — From San
Francisco— A. Abraham, at the Vic
toria; B. Edson. at the Broadway
Central; A. Goldberg and J. Goldberg,
at the Herald Square; J. L. Graf, at
the Hotel Imperial; W. M. Gutzkaw
and Miss Gutzkaw, at the Holland;
A. McCarthy, at the Hotel Imperial;
W. C. Spencer, at the Gllsey House;
H. Bortfeld. at the Navarre; W.
Brown, at the Cumberland: T. J. Col
bert, at. the. Earlington; M. J. Gram
mont, at the Hoffman; S. C. Hars
barger, at the Wellington; C. I*. Har
vey, at the 'Hotel York; F. W. Nicker
son, at the Metropolitan; Mrs. Syl
vester, at the Ashland: G. I. Hogue, at
the Park Avenue, and E. D. Price and
wife, at the Criterion. From Loa An
geles — G. A. Hancock and Mrs. Han
cock, at the Earlington: Mrs. M.
Weed, at the Kensington; J. T. Clapp,
at the Gilsey, and Mrs. A. McPhail. at
the Grand Union.
GIVES ILLUSTRATED IiECTURE
ON SAN FRANCISCO AND STATE
Residents of the Sunset District Elated
Over Haying JJtreets and Ave
nnes Improved.
The members of the Sunset Prop
erty Owners' Association ; met last
night and passed resolutions thanking
the. Mayor and the Board of - Super
visors for the work done In Improving
the streets of the district. A vote, of
thanks was also accorded 'Charles
Webb Howard and Herman Schussler
of the Spring Valley Water Company
for the Interest displayed by the cor r
poration , in improving the water ser
vice in the district. The following re
port relative to the paving of H street
was also adopted:
Tour executive committee recommends ', that
upon the completion of the paving of H street
and the extension of Nineteenth avenue boule
vard, to Ocean avenue that President Ewald.
in conjunction with the executive committee,
shall tender a' reception to his Honor, Mayor
Eugene • E. Schmltz, and his executive secre
tary. - George Keane; to the honorable Board
of Supervisors and its efficient clerk, Charles
W. Fay; to the honorable Board of Public
Works and Its obliging secretary, Morris -Levy;
to the City . Engineer, r Hon. ¦ T. P. "Woodward,
and his ablo chief deputy, E. J. Morser; to the
honorable Board of Park Commissioners and
its genial secretary,- 1. deSucca, and Superin
tendent John McLaren; to the honorable Board
of Fire Commissioners and Its secretary. John
WV McCarthy, and Chief Engineer of the Fire
Department D. Sullivan, Acting Chief John Do
herty and Assistant Chief P. M.' Shaughneesey;
to the honorable Board of Police Commissioners
and Clilef of Police George W. Wlttman of the
Police Department; to President Charles Webb
Howard and Chief Engineer H. Schussler . of
the -Spring Valley Water Company; to Presi
dent Arthur Holland, General Manager George
•F. Chapman and his secretary. J,, H. Handlon,
of the United Railroads; to the representatives
of. the press and other friends who aided Presi
dent Ewald in the advancement of Sunset Dis
trict. Very -respectfully.
Edward Ewald (chairman), John Nightingale,
Louis L.ipman, William H. Thornley, A. Lang,
Executive ¦ Committee. . .
J. W. Erwin Entertains Bis Audience
With Instinctive Talk and Beau
tiful Stereoptlcon -Views.
J. W. Erwin gave a highly interest
ing and instructive lecture at the AI
hambra Theater last evening to a big
audience. He spoke of the present
and future of San Francisco, his talk
being Illustrated, with hundreds of
beautiful stereoptlcon "-views. The
moving pictures were all clever works
of art and well conceived. The views
of the herd of ostriches, fighting
jumping and. feeding. in a high pen.
; were the subject of great laughter,
supplemented by rounds of applause
Yosemlte Valley. Mount Shasta and
Golden Gate Park were all ably repre
sented. During the intermission Frank
J. Symmes explained that Mr. Erwin
was going ~: to the St.- Louis Exposi
tion- with 4000 views of California
scenery, which would be shown there
in the Calif ornia .building. "
Falls Out of Buggy.
J. . F. Carberry. was taken to the
Park Hospital last night Suffering
from concussion '¦ of the brain," a pos
sible fracture ' of the skull ":' and - a
lacerated scalp" wound. The' un
fortunate man sustained the . injuries
by falling out of a buggy In the park.
ST.- PETERSBURG/-. June 7.— Miss 1 Mere
ihewsky and her brother, who were arrested
for possible i Implication : In the * recent Incen
diary ,- flr« «t s Kronstadt, ? have ; been released
mm custody. . ... ,
Will Take a Vacation.
United States Customs Collector
Stra ttbn, will. leaye next Monday for a
six weeks* vacation on. his. ranch In
Oregon, , I '
COPPER KINGS
HOLD MEETING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 8, 1904.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
. LODI, June^.r-""-: remains of Leslie
Meyer, \ a . 9-yfear-oId youth of Valley
Spring, -were brought <'from that; place
to Lodi this morning for interment., The
boy' suffered . a ' terrible ; death, being
burned fatally ..while playing with al
cohol Saturday night. , ;¦-..... ¦.,¦-¦
Explosion of Alcohol Kills Boy.
SAN JOSE, June 7.— Mrs: Sarah E«
Barker, widows of the late S. A. Barker
and .one .of ; the ; best known j women, of
this city," died at her home In East Sari
Jose last : evening. She was a j native
of Maine and ; 66 ; years of age. . . Mrs.
Barker, had been a resident of this city
for, thirty-six years. Three grown chil
dren survive, her. ..-"./ ' '
Death Claims Mrs. S. A. Barker.
' The Foresters' carnival at Eleventh ¦
and Market streets continues to grow"
In popularity and the attendance . year
terday exceeded 10.000. This' after* .
noon will be devoted to the Japanese:
and Chinese residents of the city and
a, special programme has been
pared for "their entertalnment-V; The -'
• various fraternal organizations; have
signified their intention :¦¦ of attending
the carnival to-night and as a special"
feature a drill team from: the Forestef.
courts will initiate fourteen fcandi-*
dates into the Ancient and Mysterious
Order of * Mahakus. The : carnival
guards, under ¦< command of ' Captain!
Charles ' Gould, : consisting' of : eighteen*
smartly uniformed | policemen; '¦'.have, •
been given special Instructions' to* look'
after the safety of the' Jittle'ones.'£ Not
withstanding: her narrow -escape from'
death .Monday-, 1 'Fraviolo^contimies tt> ;
"loop the loop." - •• -.vm. v
Crowds at the Carnival.
'. SAN JOSE, June 7.— George Anderson
Smith, a pioneer resident of the south
ernend of the 'county, died at his home
at Madrone on , Sunday, . He came to
this county. In ,1853 and was the first
settler^ In Pine Kldge country, being
engaged in the stock ' business there.
Deceased was a native of New York
and. 74 years of age.. Four grown chil
dren survive. . him.« ' The funeral was
held in this city this afternoon. •.[
Santa Clara Pioneer Dies.
-Edward - H. ..Hamilton. W. H." Briers, Ai"
Andrew, E. J. Bowes. H. H. Cof'grlfT. R. W;
O"cwart, M. H. Clark, M. H, Cook, W. U.
Gerstle, T. C. Prince, H. D. Hawks, H. ¦ C
Grogs. 3. "B. Qulsley, Judge W*. P. Lawlor,
8. li." Fae*on, Dr." J. D. Arnold, Theodore Ret
ler. H. -S. Jerome, Judge F. H, , Kerrigan, J.
C. Brlckell. J. F. Moroney. J. -I. Walter, It"
M. Eyre, A. J. Hechtman, J. M. Kllgarife,
Myron Wolf, - F. J. , McWilllamH, Dr. John
Dunn, J. A. Pamons. H.'-W. Duraond, J.- A;*
Calkins, G. W. Crum, ' Joseph atone. G. W.
Cummtngs. B. M; Oreenway, L. E. Spear, 1*
A. Kelly, J. H. O'Brien,' Henry Ellera and
Judge John Hunt. > . »
2
Rheumatism
Does not» let* go of you
when you apply lotions or
liniments. It* simply loosens
its hold for a while. : Why?^
Because to get* rid of it yon
must* correct* the add con-
dition of the blood on which
it* depends. Hood's Sarsar
barilla has cured thousands.
ADVEBTISEMEHTS. '
RUBBER overshoes
"draw" your feet? ; . ;
They keep the moisture in
•and the air out. ; ¦£;•
Paste-polish makes leather
act like rubber.
Regal Dressing lubricates
the .leather and gives it a
sunny lustre, but doesn't clog
it up.
At all Batcnl st.»r»»— 25 Oatn.
J}ressing
There are 72 Regal Stores. 25 of them
In Greater New York, where the styles
originate. The new styles are on sale at
our San Francisco Store at the same tima
as in the New York Stores.
Women's Regal Shoes embody all the,
latest custom designs of leading book-
makers of New York, London and Paris,
go new styles — one price.
_
SAN FRANCISCO MEN'S STORH,
' Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts.
. WOMEN'S STORE,
Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts.
_, ~j ~ r — r . m m r *vmm . i.ui _ --Hm,— —
— . — i
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S anzKrt
*HUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
\ ' CT Th« LjirrMj Auranml M;uoua in the \
ft I, crn*-*. Wartd. w»«kce»««» *r taj ohikuI Q
< CaiHB duuie r~mtH*-lj emrm* oj the eldest Y
O ffij S3 I SpecuOiMoa tk* Cout. Eiijtjun. O
A j|¥fi OR. JORSAN-D'SEASES OF MEJt J
\ f €Sj5S GMMlutk* free tad ttiictlr print*. \
0 i JJ$Z 11 Tmmmt p«rK>B»lly or by l«t«T. A B
\ I y VI H JVnUni Cwn la netj c*ie n»dert»*e». T
art II* Wr*t.for B-xk. riiLe«urnY>ri
W " a II f BAaausK, uailks vkss. (at
A il li »•¦»•«• kMk for Bra) \
V OR JOBDA2C * C4» . 1051 Market St.S. W. V
VA/. X. HESS. . %
Notary Public and Attorn «y-at-£*w.
Tenth Floor. Room 1013. Claua dprcckela bids.
Telephone Main 983. -
' Residence. 1S02 McAllister st.
Residence Telephone Pag* 3*0. - „:„LONDON". June ".—The final > levre of the
present eeason wm held by King Edward to-
The only American presented was Nel
»on O'Sbauchnebsey. secretary of the Ameri
can legation at Copenhagen.
WILLOWS, June 7. — J. w. Swift,
who was serving a sentence for a mur
derous assault, escaped from the
County Jail last night, stole a bicycle
and is still at large. Sheriff Hatley is
in pursuit. '4H33
Prisoner Escaocg From Jail.
TACOMA. June 7. — A heavy land
slide that occurred near Pysht, on the
Straits of Fuca, thirty miles west of
Port Angeles, uncovered a face of
splendid coal. A coal expert pro
nounces the seams of workable size
and th«* coal a quality that will com
mand recognition In California mar
kets. The largest vein outcrops on
the face of a cliff seventy-five feet
above the strait and not to exceed
sixty feet from deep water. The find
is 200 miles nearer San Francisco than
the mines tributary to Tacoma and
Seattle.
Great Supply of the Product Is Un
covered on the Coast of
WtiShlngton.
BIG COAL VEINS ARE
REVEALED BY LANDSLIDE
PUEBLO, Colo., June 7. — The Demo
crats of Colorado to-day elected an
uninstructed delegation to the na
tional convention at St. Louis. The
Hearst people captured the caucus
held by the Second District delegates,
but when they attempted to pass a
resolution Instructing for Hearst In the
convention It was turned down by a
vote of 379 to 108. The platform in
dorses the Kansas City platform of
1900.
Democrats of Colorado Defeat a Reso
lution Instructing Delegates.
HEARST FORCES ROUTED.
Senator Beveridge of Indiana has
also been invited to make a speech
seconding the. nomination of Fair
banks, and, he has accepted it. George
A. Knight of San Francisco also will
second the nomination of Senator
Fairbanks.
Indiana Senator Wants the Republi
can Nomination for Vice President.
WASHINGTON. June 7. — All doubt
about the candidacy of United States
Senator Fairbanks of Indiana for the
Republican nomination for Vice'Pres
ident at the Chicago convention has
been removed. It was announced here
to-day that former United States Sen
ator Wolcott of Colorado has been
invited to make the speech in the Chi
cago convention placing Senator Fair
banks in nomination.
FAIRBANKS A^ CANDIDATE.
LOS ANGELES, June 7. — The sixth
biennial convention of the Brother
hood of Locomotive Engineers ad
journed this evening. Most of the dele
gates will depart for their homes to
night and to-morrow.
Engineers' Convention Adjourns.
SAN DIEGO. June 7. — The schooner
Oceana Vance, which arrived from
Everett, Wash., lumber laden, this af
ternoon, had a norrow escape from
destruction. While In the stream
-;¦¦¦'.! k- from the donkey engine set
fire to the vessel's rigging. A tug
promptly toned her to the Spreckels
wharf, where a stream of water was
turned on. The damage was confined
to sails and rigging and is not great.
Schooner Oceana Vance Has Narrow
Escape While Unloading: at
San Diego.
SPARKS FROM ENGINE
SET RIGGING ABLAZE
Scarcely a State convention has been
held that has not favored a revision
of the tariff, but, so far as noticed.
New York and Pennsylvania have been
the only ones to single out raw ma
terials. Georgia, Alabama, Tennessee.
North Carolina and Wisconsin have all
taken the position that the tariff
should be reduced.
NEW YORK, June 7.— Senator Gor
ham's statement that he was more in
terested in platform and issues than
in candidates shows a determination
on the part of leaders of the Democ
racy to make tariff reduction the para
mount issue. More than half of the
forty-five States have held Democratic
conventions and likewise a majority
of the Territories.
Democratic Leaders Will Make Re
vision Tlielr Rallying Cry.
TARIFF THE MAIN ISSUE.
HELENA. Mont., June 7.— Socialists of
Montana, in .convention to-day, nominated
George O'Malley of Anaconda for Governor.
BONDS ARE DEPOSITED
. TO SETTLE CLAIMS
Owners "of Ship Pleiades Make Pro
vision tp Meet Demands; of • . :
Salvage.
VICTORIA, B. C June 1.- — Bonds
to the amount of $100,000 have been
deposited by the agent of the Boston
Towboat Company on behalf of a
probable claim to be made by the
owners of the German steamer Nico
media, which towed the ¦ steamer Ple
iades'ofthe American line mentioned,
a distance of 800 miles, and brought
her here. The Pleiades will be towe'd
to Tacoma, there to "discharge ~ her
passengers and freight and undergo
repairs.
The presentations will be made by
Vice President Pearce at 10 o'clock
this morning on board the steamship
Queen, at Broadway wharf. In addi
tion to a gold medal, Captain Cousins
will receive a gold, diamond studded
locket, suitably inscribed. There will
be sold medals for First Officer
In spite of the awful odds, of the
218 on board only fourteen lost their
lives. One of these, a woman, died as
the result of exposure; another woman
and two other passengers were
drowned through the unavoidable
capsizing of a boat; three members of
the crew were , burned to death and
seven were drowned.
When the alarm of fire was sounded
Captain Cousins, clad only In pajamas,
took charge of affairs and the victory
over the angry elements was largely
due to his good Judgment and cool,
unselfish bravery."
ONLY" FOURTEEN LOST.
The people of the Queen were
weighed In the balance. They were
not found wanting, and as soon as
the tangle caused by the disaster had
been straightened out Vice President
Pearce. set himself the task of finding
some appropriate way for the com
pany to say thank you.
The insurance companies interested
will probably do something of like na
ture, but the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company, not willing to let the mat
ter drag longer, decided to do its share
to-day and allow the underwriters to
take such action as they decide upon
Independently.
Fire was discovered in the after
cabin of the Queen at 4:30 a. m., Feb
ruary 27, when the vessel, bound
north with 218 souls aboard, was
about thirty miles west of -Tlllamook.
A gale was blowing at the time. It
will be remembered how Captain
Cousins first put the women and chil
dren and all other passengers not able
bodied and able to assist in fighting
the fire Into a lifeboats, which were
launched In charge of experienced
men. These boats remained with their
precious burdens under the lee of the
blazing steamship until those on board
had conquered the flames. On board
the coaster the engineers* crew, with
flames raging above and behind them,
kept up steam' and enabled those on
deck to pump, water on the hell of fire.
The Pacific C-ast Steamship Com
pany will to-day celebrate the return
into active service . of the steamer
Queen by decorating with gold and
silver medals Captain N. E. Cousins
and the other brave men that risked
their lives three months ago to save
vessel and passengers from destruc
tion. The story of that gallant fight
out on the cold, dark, storm-tossed
Pacific on the mornine of February
27, when flames and waves conspired
to overwhelm the gallant ship and
more than two hundred souls, fills, in
the marine history of the Pacific
Coast, one of its noblest chapters.
From captain to jcook, from the
most seasoned traveler to the frailest
woman and tiniest baby aboard, that
awful test revealed no sign of craven
heart. Each did his duty as it came
to hand. The neht was won. The
world: when it learned, said well done.
The company is now going to show
that even corporations have souls, and
this morning will give material recog
nition to the bravery of the men that
saved the Queen.
In the annals of the sea are the rec
ords of many brave deeds done by
sailormen in the line of their duty
and in some lands the government
makes official recognition of such
valor. The American merchant ser
vice is second to none in the quality
and number of its heroes, but in
stances of public recognition are con
spicuous by their rarity. It Is seldom
that a crisis brings out such general
Intrepidity as was exhibited on the
Queen and still less frequently do the
rank and file participate in the dis
tribution of the laurels. .
FOUND NOT WANTING. J
The Queen, thoroughly restored and
in some respects improved in the pro
cess, wllV sail to-morrow for the north
on her first voyage since that eventful
February morning.
"For singing 'Bedella- " is the in
scription engraved on the token await
ing Miss Peckenbaugh as soon as 'she
can be located.
"What's the matter wltn you people.
We're not going to die. The fire is
getting smaller. We will all be back
in our bunks in an hour. If you must
sing, sing 'Bedelia.' " ¦
With that Miss Peckenbaugh's voice
was lifted in song and to the amaze
ment'of themselves and the wonder of
those aboard the steamer, everybody In
the boats was singing "Bedelia." From
"Bedelia" It was an easy step to other
lively airs and long before the boats
were recalled their occupants were al
most enjoying the novelty of the stern
situation.
Conspicuous service in fighting fire
and saving lives was rendered by some
of the passengers and these, too, have
been remembered by the company.
Captain I. N. Hibbard of the Northern
Commercial Company, who is now in
Alaska, worked like a trojan and in
appreciation for what he did a hand
some loving cup and a gold medal will
to-day be sent to his residence in this
city.
Captain McKay, a pilot In the com
pany's service in Alaska waters, will
also be remembered.
There is also a handsome token
awaiting Miss Peckenbaugh, a passen
ger whom Mr. Pearce has been for
weeks trying to locate. Singing "Be
della" as an accomplishment has out
grown its popularity, but it is by doing
this very thing that Miss Peckenbaugh
has placed the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company in her debt.\
When the life boats were launched
that dark, stormy morning the women
and children who had been aroused
from warm beds to face the bitter cold
and wet were subdued and fearful in
the face of the threatening tragedy.
In . < .e boat a voice was raised in
prayer and the sound of weeping was
heard above the roar of waters. A
voice was raised In song. "Nearer, My
God, ta Thee," was the refrain and with
trembling lips the fear dazed company
joined. The prayer ana the hymn
combined to deepen the morbid gloom
and as the last note of the sacred song
died in a chorus of sobs, a cheery voice
made all sit up and take notice.
SINGING "BEDELIA."
George E. Zeh, Chief Engineer W. J.
McCreedy and First Assistant Engin
eer W. E. Anderson. The medals for
the crew- will-be of silver. Altogether
sixty-seven medals will be given. .In
addition to these medals there will be
further recognition In a number of
instances for conspicuous service.
C. D. Dunann, general passenger
agent, who Is on his way to Alaska,
left behind a personal token to be
placed on the sideboard of Captain
Cousins' stateroom. This token is a
lofty stein of rare design, to be used
by the captain for ornament only.
Captain Cousins' tendency toward
embonpoint precluding the Indulgence
in milk on such a large scale and the
company's, regulations forbidding any
thing stronger. t'.' '¦->
WILL REMEMBER OTHERS.
Sacramento Gets Convention.
SACRAMENTO, June 7. — A special
dispatch received, by the Bee from St.
Louis to-day says that the National
Good Roads Convention will be held
In Sacramento next year.
MEDAL WHICH WILL. BE PRESENTED TO OFFICERS AND CREW AND SOME
OF THE PASSENGERS WHO SAVED THE STEAMSHIP QUEEN AND ALL
ON BOARD FROM DESTRUCTION BY FIRE AT SEA.
DUBUQUE, Iowa, June 7. — Twenty
thousand people saw the Liberty Bell
here to-day. The crush at the depot
when the train arrived was so great
that several persons were injured.
Thousands View Liberty Bell.
SACRAMENTO, June 7. — Charles
Lawrence, a half-breed Indian, was to
day sentenced to be hanged at the Fol
som prison on August 12 for the mur
der of H. C. McCarty, a white man.
Murderer Sentenced to Death.
. NEW TORK, June 7. — Two thou
sand men engaged in construction op
erations in North Hudson, N.' J.. quif
work to-.day because of the refusal of
the contractors to grant a working
day of nine hours.
Strike for Shorter Day.
TACOMA. June 7. — After being
supposed dead for more than a year
Matt Green, a wealthy rancher, died
Saturday at Wenatchee of congestion
oi the brain. He had spent just three
\\e^ks on his big fruit ranch after an,
absence of six years in Alaska and
British Columbia in quest of gold. The
drowning of his partner in Fraser
River caused . the report of Green's
death. His sister came to Wenatchee
from the East to settle his estate,
which was also claimed by John Sulli
van. Legal steps were being taken
when Green suddenly returned. His
friends gave him a warm greeting.
Green having Settled in Wenatchee
Valley thirty years ago. In Alaska
his head had been injured by a fall,
which brought on brain congestion,
causing his sudden demise. The es
tate will go to his sister.
Washington Rancher Comes From
Ala-La and Dies While Estate
Is in Probate.
RETURNS TO FIND HE
IS MOURNED AS DEAD
The administration leaders are for
Judge Alton Parker, as are most of
the leaders of the opposition.
Presidential Contest Second to Strusr-
Ele for Control of State Politics.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. June 7.— The
Kentucky Democrats will hold their
State convention to-morrow for the
purpose of naming delegates at large
to the national convention at St. Louis
and to elect State Central and State
Executive committeemen. Though the
delegates are rather apathetic as re
gards the Presidential race and are
practically certain to vote for an un
instructed delegation to the national
convention, the contest for the con
trol of the party machinery, promises
to develop into one of the hardest
fights seen in recent years. On one
side are arrayed Governor Beckham
and the administration forces, sup
porting Lewis McQuown of Bowling
Green for chairman of the State Cen
tral Committee." Opposing them, is
what is known as the "anti-machine"
element, led by United States Senator
Blackburn and Congressman D. H.
Smith, supporting Congressman J. N.
Kehoe for chairman of the State Cen
tral Committee.
KENTUCKIANS APATHETIC.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., June 7. — An
agreement has been* reached in the
Plant will case allowing the removal
to New York of the . assets "of the
$16,000,000" estate of Henry Bradley
Plant, over which there has been long
litigation. Attorneys in. the case say
that details- of the agreement will not
be made public at this time.
Agreement Is Reached Allowing
Transfer of Assets From New
Haven to New York.
LITIGATION OVER PLANT
ESTATE NEARS ITS END
COM3IITTEES XA3IED FOR
FETE AT SANTA CRUZ
nlnent Citizens Will Direct Af
fairs at Opening the New
Casino*.
SANTA CRUZ, June 7. — The com
mittees for the dedication of the
Casino -and the grand New Santa Cruz
opening are as follows:
Reception — Mayor D. C. Clark,
Frank K. Roberts, Fred R. Walti. John
Maher, H. F. Kron, Daniel A. Clark,
A. A. Morey. Benjamin K. Knight. Au
gust Hihn, S. A. Palmer, O. J. Lincoln.
Montroyd Sharpe, Charles Waldron. A.
A. Taylor. W. H. Bias, Dr. F. W. Bliss.
Dr. T. W. Drullard, C. E- Fagen. Sam
uel Leask, John O. Home, M. C. Hop
kins. Dr. W. R. Congdon. H. R. Rob
inson. Charles Staubes. J. L. Wright,
Duncan McPherson and Henry Wllley.
Floor eommittee^ — George C. Staf
fler, Thomas W. Kelly. Ralph M.
Thompson. Theodore Foster. William
Kreig, John G. * Tanner, Charles J.
Klein. Joseph Bernheim, Will S.
Moore and William Williamson.
Floor directors — F. W. Swanton and
H. E. Irish.
HAXSEX'S REMAINS L.AID
TO REST AT PETAIXMA
Many Friends Attend Funeral of Man
Who Killed Himself on First
Day of Honeymoon.
PETALUMA, Junuo 7. — The funeral
of th* late Peter Hansen. who shot
himself to death in San Francisco ort
the first day of his honeymoon, took
place here yesterday. Services were
held at the home of X. R. Peters, the
father of the young widow. The fu
neral was largely attended, as the de
ceased had many friends here.
Dairyman Fatally Injured.
SALINAS, June 7. — Antonio Gam
betta, proprietor of the largest dairy
in Monterey County and a prominent
member of the Swiss colony, was fatal
ly injured yesterday v by the upsetting
of a iwagon load of hay which 'was
being driven across the county bridge.
"Hearst is not as logical as Bryan,"
faid Professor Boger, "neither is he
fie practical as Judge Parker. Bryan,
too. Is more theoretical than practical.
Although Hearst belongs to the so
called radical wing of the Democratic
party, of which Bryan has been the
acknowledged leader, he is the exact
antithesis of Bryan, not in his views,
but in his personal characteristics. He
la as deliberate as Bryan is quick, 'as
reserved as Bryan is open, and as
serious as Bryan is brilliant.
"William R. Hearst Is only fairly
social and notwithstanding his advo
cacies in the interest of the masses is
at heart an aristocrat and exclusive
In his friendship and affection."
Combative, emotional, courageous. Mrcastic.
1 ncsutlous. cool, hoint-lovrr f honest-,
theoretical, ff^lf-confidtnt. rlucky. unchange
able, recuperative. Rrdcr.t, eerloue.
Active., secretive, strong, reserved, firm.
$ulet. self-eocfldent, not oratorical, approving,
theoretical, combative, quick, ambitious, fairly
social, energetic, aristocratic.
HEARST.
Firm, broad m^pded. not »trenuou». polite-,
r -t marnetic. polished, secretive, affable, ultra
ooneervative. critical. esthetic. practical,
cautloui. home-lover, logical, peaceable.
PARKER.
CoRSt&at. independent, well balanced, self
reliant. pociUve. aegreitive, aicbltlous. zeaJout,
jr.SvMiitlti, unaSected. lcyal. conscientious,
tt«htccue. temperate, doer, not a dreamer.
ROOSEVELT.
CHICAGO. June 7. — Professor Charles
F. Boger, the Chicago phrenologist, has
completed a study of the craniums of
Messrs. Roosevelt, Parker, Hearst and
Bryan. To-day he summarized the
chief characteristics of the quartet as
follows:
x
*Pvcjl\ Dispatch to The OaU.
PHILADELPHIA, June 7.— Prior to
going to the State capital this after
noon to confer with Governor Penny
packer on the vacancy created by the
death of Senator Quay, United States
Senator Penrose and State Insurance
Commissioner Israel W. Durham held
numerous meetings with local and
State leaders on the situation. Before
leaving the city Penrose and Durham
reiterated their statements of yester
day that no one had been agreed upon
for' the place and that no announce
ment could be looked for for several
days.
Senator Penrose has been looked
upon as a State leader since the death
of Senator Quay, and the naming of
the new Senator is practically in his
hands. Western Pennsylvania will be
given the place, and there la a warm
contest between Allegheny County, in.
which Pithtsburg is situated, and In
diana County. Ex-Attorney General
John P. Elkin of Indiana County, who
was defeated for the gubernatorial
nomination two years ago and who
was recently nominated by the State
convention for Justice of the Supreme
Court for a term of twenty-one years
at a salary of $20,000 per annum,
is a candidate against the field. Al
legheny County has put forth four can
didates, two of whom are being seri
ously considered. They are George L.
Oliver and William A. Flynn.
Elderidge recently disposed of his in
terest in the Cane Belt Railroad to the
Santa Fe and was to become associa?
ted with John W. Gates, the Wall
street operator, in a railroad building
enterprise in Texas.
Elderidge came face to face with
Donovant on a railway train and be
fore the latter could draw his pistol
Elderidge fired and kflled him. He was
acquitted upon trial. Since that time
Elderidge's life has been threatened
time after time. Several months ago
an unknown person fired upon him at
close range, but the bullet missed its
mark. Elderidge had been urged by
his friends to leave here for 'a time,
but he declared he would not do so.
Calhoun. who Is alleged to have shot
Elderidge, is a brother-in-law of Don
ovant. His presence here was not gen
era\jy known until after the shooting. ¦
EAGLE LAKE, Texas, June ".—Ex
citement Is running very high here over
the attempted assassination of W. M.
Elderidge, the vice president and gen
eral manager of the Cane Belt Rail
road, which occurred here last evening.
The wound which Elderidge received
in the right lung is giving him much
trouble and there is small chance for
his recovery. He is displaying splen
did nerve and determination and his
physicians say they may pull him
through. The Winchester rifle bullet
passed entirely through his body.
As soon as the news of the tragedy
became known friends of the wounded
man began to come into tiwn.
W. E. Calhoun of Gainesville. Texaa»
who was arrested and charged with the
crime shortly after the shooting, still
refuses to make a statement. It is
known, however, that the attempt to
kill Elderidge was due to the feud
which was started two years ago by
the killing of Captain William Dono
vant by Elderidge. Captain Donovant
was one of the wealthiest sugar plant
ers In the South. He was associated
with Elderidge in a number of busi
ness enterprises. Troubles arose be
tween them and Donovant is alleged
to have threatened to kill Elderidge on
sight. v:*"-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The fight between the Gray and the
anti-Gray factions became so bitter
that the former paid no attention to
Judge Gray's letter in which he asked
that the delegates be not Instructed.
They fought to defeat Kenny and
would not listen to anything that his
supporters offered. Judge Gray's letter
expressed his great anxiety for har
mony in the Democratic party this
year, and held that the Democratic
National Convention should be left free
to select as the candidate for Btoesident
the strongest and most available man.
He therefore requested that the dele
gates selected to represent Delaware
Democrats at St. Louis be not bound
by instructions.
DOVER, Del.. June 7.— Contrary to
the expressed wish of Judge George
Gray, the Delaware Democratic State
Convention by a unanimous vote to
day instructed its delegates to the St.
Louis Convention to present the name
of Judge Gray to the convention as the
choice of the Delaware Democracy for
the Presidency and to work for his
nomination. This action was taken
after one of the most stormy conven
tions ever held in the State. The leader
of the opposition to the Gray nomina
tion was former United States Senator
Kenny, who was opposed to the word
"instruct." He offered a resolution that
the delegates be "requested" to place
Judge Gray's name before the National
Convention.
Democratic Editor Is De
scribed by the Expert as
an Aristocrat at Heart
Struggle Between Indiana
and Allegheny Counties
for Honor Is Warm Contest
Action Is Taken After One
P Stormiest Conventions
iv Held in the State
Brother-in-Law of Captain
Donovant Charged With
Assault to Commit Murder
ELKINS IS AFTER TOGA
PRESIDENT IS A -'DOER"
CALHOUN IS AEEESTED
Local and State Leaders
Confer Often, but Do Not
Name Senator's Successor
Phrenologist Examines the
Craniums of IJoosevelt,
Parker. Hearst and Bryan
KENNY IN OPPOSITION
Delaware Democrats, Despite
Stand of Jurist. Send Dele
gation Instructed for Him
Attempted Assassination of
Elderidge Causes Great Ex
citement at Eagle Lake
GRAYS WISHES
DISREGARDED
LEADERS' TRAITS
ARE COMPARED
MANY SEEKING
QUAY'S PLACE
WANTON CRIME
ROUSES TEXANS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, . JUNE .8, - 1904.
Pacific Coast Steamship Company Will
To-Day Decorate With Medals Officers and
Crew That Saved the Steamer Queen
HEROES OF FIRE AT SEA
OFFICIALLY RECOGNIZED
3
ADVERTISEMENTS,
Eastern
Excursions
DATES — June 15, 16, 22, 23.
July r, 2, 7. 8, 13. 14-
August 8, g, -to, 18, 19.
September 5, 6, 7. 8.
October 3, 4, 5, 6.
LIMITS — Good going on day
of sale, with stopover, cast
of California; transit limit
10 days. Good 90 days for
return; stopover anywhere.
SEE GRAND CANYON
ROUTES— Santa Fe and con-
nections going. Different
route returning if desired.
RATES—
St. Louis and return $67.50
Philadelphia " $107.50
And other Eastern Points.
Thei* rates for direct line*.
TRAINS— Tickets, arc good
on all Santa Fe trains,
including the California
Limited semi-weekly.
ask: us.
SAZTTA FE OFFICE — 641 Market St.
OAKLA5D — 1113 Broadway.
BEBEELET — Saata Ft Depot.
SANTA FE IS THS WAY.
There is just one way to
have good
tea bakias-powder (pieca .
of« f.t vcri-ic extract! ao£a
economically :
Schilling's Best, at ' youi
grocer's, moneyback.
Sold by druggists in fifty cent and
one dollar sizes. You may have a sample*
bottle of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root and
a pamphlet that tells all about It. includ-
ing many of the thousands of letters re-
ceived from sufferers cured, both sent
free by mail. Write Dr. Kilmer & Co..
Blnghamton, N. Y.. and please be sure to
mention that you read this generous of-
fer in The San Francisco Daily Call.
Don't /make any mistake, but remember
the name. Swamp-Root. Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, and the address, Btngham-
ton. N. Y.. on every bottle. .
Swamp-Root is not recommended for
everything:, but if you have kidney, liver,
bladder or uric acid trouble you will find
it Just the remedy you need.
Some of the early symptoms of weak
kidneys are pain or dull ache in the back,
rheumatism, dizziness, headache, ner-
vousness, catarrh of the bladder, gravel
or calculi, bloating, sallow complexion,
puffy or dark circles under the eyes, sup-
pression of urine, or compelled to pass
water often day and night.
The mild and extraordinary effect of
the> world-famous kidney remedy. Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Rooot. is soon realized.
It stands the highest for its wonderful
cures of the most distressing cases. If
you need a medicine you should have the
best.
.Swamp-Root, discovered by the emi-
nent kidney and bladder specialist,
promptly cures kidney, liver, bladder and
uric acid troubles.
SAMPLE BOTTLE SENT FREE BY MAIL
The Wonderful Kidney, Liver and
Bladder Remedy.
LIFE SAVED BY SWAMP-ROOT
Dl. KILMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
ADVERTISEMENTS^
K^yn. _ H[ I HI Pj EtafKffl JBEaJB CflSjO H^9flH HM \A Bt£3 Lfl^- M m I 6 !' "I
ADVANTAGES WHICH OUR STOCK PRESENTS TO BUYERS. The largest and most com-
prehensive stock of FURNITURE, CARPETS and DRAPERIES on the coast. Absolutely complete in all
lines required for the modest home or the home of luxury. Represents all the latest designs — Abounds in
Novelties — Combines beauty and utility. Prices are always the lowest.
tcr-sawed oak. gold- DRESSING TA- BOIIAN CHAIK Ma- O H I JT A
Fr^chp^te^ror! rf^TnT %3£fc ' finished frame. 2S?"gi5S??E* ' POLBWO BrD-Bolld
cast brass trim- bevel plate mir- Upholstered in figured ish. p r e 1 1 i 1 y oak. golden finish, paneled
S B i K!«°]l \ d°r r -aw CO eTnSy W-UT^SR."^
.." ¦&£".*....; $18-35 p P° r^e hed :$8.25 .^I 1 .™: .. $1.75 .^.$13 L85 JffT.T. 1 ?!.^.-$17.95
A careful survey of our mammoth stock will convince you that we carry the largest assortment of carefully se- Ii
' lected and exclusive designs of any house on the Coast. WILTONS, BIGAXiOW, LOWELL A1MU STUHS. BOOT U
BRUSSELS, TAPESTRY BRUSSELS, INGRAINS, CTBBE, GRANITE AND COTTAGE CARPET. LINOLEUM, H
CORK CARPET, OIL CLOTH — all here>in endless profusion. A wealth of beautiful designs: Remember, particular i
people are our, best customers. You are always welcome to look whether you purchase or not. y
nVMn » MiDJfffi^ J-m jm ftfl v K4 {a wj Cftfr f^w \ryf -¦ i
lliyg^lgkggaggggjhggg^^ iiiiiiSliiiiiiiiiiiilii ¦WASHINGTON, June 7. — The
Weather Bureau's weekly summary "of
crop conditions says:
The North Pacific Coast also experienced a
favorable week, but In California nearly 'alt
crops were Injured by continued drying; north
wind*. . ,
Winter wheat on the North Pacific Coast has
advanced favorably and is heading; in Califor
nia it is maturing rapidly, tbe late sown hay
inc been serlouslr damared hv hot wind*.
Drying Winds Have Hnd an Unfavor
able Effect Upon California
Fields.
SUMMARY OF CROP \
CONDITIONS ON COAST
¦
¦
U
¦
DEAD WOOD, S. D., June 7.— Grief,
caused by the death of her daughter,
has resulted in Mrs. P. Carr, wife of a
prominent citizen and business man of
this city, becoming demented and de
veloping into an exceedingly dangerous
; "flre bug."
For some time property owners have
been greatly alarmed by the frequency
of fires, nearly a score of which were
clearly of incendiary origin. Mystery
surrounded the identity of the person
who set the fires. This has now been
solved. Mrs. Carr was detected while
in the act of attempting to set fire to
a business house. When arrested she
was in her night clothing.
The case Is an unusually sad one.
Since the death of her daughter some
months ago the unfortunate woman
has been demented and not responsible
for her acts, although she had been
considered harmless. J.
Mystery Surroundlnjr Fires In Dead
wood Cleared Up by Arrest of
Merchant's Wife. ¦
INCENDIARY IS FOUND
TO BE DE3IENTED .WOMAN
BOAT STRIKES A CABLE
AND MAN IS DROWNED
Fatal Accident Happens to Old Pros
pector While Comins Down the
m Klondike River.
VANCOUVER. B. C, June 7. — A
special from Dawson says Edward
Vachor, aged 78, one of the early ar
rivals in the Klondike, was drowned
in the Klondike River. As he and his
partner, M. Whelan, were coming
down the river with a loaded boat they
ran over a cable Just below the sur
face of .the water and the boat cap
sized. ?: V
SANTA CRUZ, June 7. — The yacht
Aggie, with James V. Coleman of San
Francisco,,, has dropped anchor in the
harbor and will be here for several
days.
Yacht Aggie at Santa Cruz.
TOKIO. June 7. — Supplementary
reports from the blockading forces in
dicate that the Russian gunboat which
was sunk by a torpedo off Port Ar
thur on Saturday was of the Gremi
aschi type instead of the Giliak type.
Type of Destroyed Gunboat.
WILLOWS, June 7. — A disastrous
fire last night swept over 800 acres
of fine growing wheat on the Murdock
Land Company's property, farmed by
W. D. Klllebrew, about five miles west
of Willows. Two hundred acres of
wheat belonging to Heathcott &
Lister a few miles north of Orland
were also destroyed Sunday night.
IJIjt Grain Fire Near Willows.
Health Department Is Treating One
Thousand Cases of Con
sumption.
NEW YORK, June 7.— Th_ death rate
for the we'ek ending to-day was 17.20
to each 1000 inhabitants. Pulmonary
consumption cases have reached the
maximum. One thousand cases are
now under the direct care of the Health
Department, the largest number on
record.
NEW YORK'S DEATH
RATE IS INCREASING
NEW YORK, June 7. — Music hath
power to charm the baleful mosquito
and lure him to electrocution, accord
ing to Mrs. Amelia Weed Holbrook,
who read a paper on the curative
properties of music before the Pro
fessional Woman's League to-day.
"It has been discovered that the
hearing apparatus of this little
nuisance," said' Mrs.' Holbrook, "Is
attuned to catch sounds and these can
be made to vibrate to the pitch of cer
tain musical notes. When these are
sounderl the entire nervous system of
the insect is affected and when raised
to a great number of vibrations per
second, yet in harmony with a lower
note, the mosquito becomes paralyzed.
When the note is sounded the mos
quito will plunge toward the music
and if windows are opened from the
outside Insects will flll the room and
will precipitate themselves against the
apparatus."
Amelia Weed Holbrook Says Music
Properly Pitched Will Rid Us
of Pest.
RECOMMENDS MELODY
TO KILL MOSQUITOES
TOKIO, June 7. — Admiral Kataoka,
commander of the Third Squadron,
has recononitered the islands of San
shan and Taku, in Talienwan Bay.
Chinese on the latter island say that
when the Russians abandoned it they
poisoned the sources of drinking wa
ter. Admiral Kataoka is investigating
this chffrge.
Accused of Poisoning Water.
PACIFIC GROVE, June 7. — The
Northern California Sunday-school
Convention will be held here on June
21. S* and 23. Preparations are being
made to entertain many visitors. The
following general committee has
charge of the arrangements: Rev. O.
W. Lucas, general chairman; S. W.
Mack, secretary; Mrs. W. V. Grimes,
Miss Etta Lloyd. Mrs. Florence Cromer
Coleman, J. H. Blaisdell, Mrs. M. A.
Rood. -;- V>;'.
Convention ot Pacific Grove.
SEOUL, Korea, June 7. — A tele
gram has been received here from the
Japanese Consul at Gensan saying that
the Russians who were at Hamheung
have retired in the direction of Ping
yang. It, is reported that retreating
Cossacks speared and killed the pre
fect of Kowon, who refused to supply
the troops with provisions.
Raiders Kill Korean Prefect.
Land of the Midnight Sun. Glaciers
and a thousand islands en route. Inside
passage. Seasickness unknown. The
palatial excursion steamer Spokane will
leave Seattle. 9 a. m., June 7. 21. July 5.
19 r Aug. 2. 14, For Information, apply
to Pacific Coast S. S. Co.'b Ticket Offices.
4 New Montgomery st. (Palace Hotel)
and 10 Market st. C. D. Dunann, (Jen.
Pass. Agt.. San Francisco. ¦ •/
Alaska Excursion- Frason 1904.
PLNGYANG (via Seoul), June 7.—
There are strong and repeated rumors
that Cossack cavalrymen are moving
upon Pingyang from the eastern coast
of Korea. i
Special Dispatch to The Call
Cossacks Are Advancing Upon the
Japanese Army Base.
PINGYANG THREATENED.
. The Japanese Consul in this city is in
receipt of instructions from the For
eign Department of his Government to
say to the traveling public that these
apprehensions are unfounded so far
as Japan proper is concerned. Perfect
tranquillity prevails throughout the Is
land Empire and tourists and business
men are assured that they may come
and go as safely and comfortably as
though no war existed.
These assurances are repeated by the
Kihiuki, which is a national associa
tion of great influence, especially
formed to welcc-me travelers to Japan
and to assist them in every way in
the prosecution of their plans, whether
of business or pleasure.
This information will undoubtedly be
received with satisfaction by the many
tourists and •'others who have deferred
contemplated trips to Japan from fear
of the annoyances which frequently ac
company a condition of war.
The attention of the Japanese author
ities has been directed to the fact that,
since the breaking out of hostilities
with Rus^W, a great falling off has
taken place "in the number of tourists
and business travelers who annually
visit Japan. ' This decrease is naturally
attributed to timidity on the part of
i*avelers, who fear danger and annoy
ance as the result of the war.
Wnr in Far East in No Wny Inter
feres With Travel In the
Empire Proper.
NEW YORK, June 7.— Potatoes are
selling at the highest prices on record
and housekeepers are told there is no
immediate prospect that they will ..be
cheaper. New potatoes are selling on
the dock for $6 25 a barrel, 50 cents
above any previous record. Retailers
are obtaining nearly twice the price
charged in ordinary years.
Cost of the Vegetable to Consumers
Reaches- Record Mark — No/Pros
xpect of Reduction.
NEW- YORKERS PAY .HIGH
) PRICES FOIl POTATOES
WELLESLEY, Mass.. June 7. —
Among the successful candidates for
the bachelor of arts degree at Welles
ley College are Miss Ruth Lyon of
Redlands, Cal., and Miss Mabel L.
Pierce of Oakland, Cal. They are the
only two graduate^ from the Pacific
Coast, although a majority of the
graduates are Western girls and rank
very high in scholarship, in a college
which is , noted for its severe degree
requirements. Among the successful
candidates at Smith College, just an
nounced, are Miss Flora Juliet Bowley
of San Francisco and Philadelphia and
Miss Borden Johnson of Los Angeles.
MONTREAL, June 7. — Dr. Parkin
has received at McGill University the
report of Oxford examiners upon the
papers of candidates, examined on
April 13 and 14 throughout the Unit
ed States and Canada, which have no
colleges affiliated with Oxford. Al
together 120 candidates have passed
from the different States and Territo
ries of the Union and thus become eli
gible for selection as Rhodes scholars.
They include Beverly S. Allen, Wil
liam Critten, Monroe E. Detch, Henry
B. Dewing, Farnham P. Griffith. Clin
ton K. Judy and William J. Musgrove
of California.
Ruth Lyon of Redlands and Mabel L.
Pierce of Oakland Take Decrees
at Wellesley.
CALIFORNIA GIRLS WIN
HIGH HONORS IN EAST
By supreme ordW Prince Dolgorouky was
assiroed to medlral surveillance, after which
appropriate measures will be taken.
WASHINGTON, June 7. — This of
ficial statement was received at the
Russian embassy to-daj\ concerning
the recent attack on Count Lamsdorff
and has been given to the Associated
Press by Count Cassini. the Russian
Embassador: {
On May 29. In the evening, entering the
house of Prince Obolensky. Assistant Minis
ter of Foreign Affairs, Count Lamsdorff nar
rowly escaptd becoming: the victim of a l.a.=e
attack on the part ot Prince Dolg-orouky. Not
having pucoeed?d In hl3 plan, the culprit
trade an attempt to escape by flight, but was
ultimately detained. Prince Dolsorouky. who
showed signs' of ereat excitement dus to the
influence of spirits and mental disorder, tried
to exiilaln his action as belns the result of
hi* nervous condition in which he found him
e<?lf because of a feelinc of personal dlslikA
toward his former chief, who did not find it
poeelble to rive him an appointment he de
sired. Otherwise he expressed sincere regret
for his behavior.
Report on Prince Dolgoronnky's As
sault Received at Kmlm^-y.
ATTACK ON" LAMSDORFF.
Following are the arrivals from
California: From San Francisco — At
the New Willard — A. W. Foster and
R. N. Foster. At the Ebbltt — Mrs. C.
H. Labovteaux and Julius Scullman.
Mrs. C. T. Evans o? Eureka is at the
Ebbett.
Gus H. Bauer has been appointed
second vice president of the Pasadena
National Bank.
WASHINGTON. June 7. — A new
postoflice has been established in Cali
fornia at Bern, San Luis Obispo Coun
ty, and at Stedman. San Bernardino
County. Virgil N. Togazzini is given
charge of the Bern office and Nellie A.
Black of the Stedman office.
Miss Jennie Gates has resigned as
clerk bf the International Revenue
Office, Sacramento.
William Benning of San Francisco
has been appointed assistant* Chinese
Inspector.
Garretty & C». of Seattle have
been awarded the\ contract for mis
cellaneous repairs at the quarantine
station, Port Townsend, Washington,
for J4444.
The following orders have been is
sued by the War Department: . Fir3t
Lieutenant Amos A. Fries, c*orps of
engineers, will report to Lieutenant
Colonel William H. Heuer, corps of
engineers, president of the examining
board convened at San Francisco, at
such time as he may be required for
examination to determine his fitness
for promotion. Private William B.
McLendon, Company M, Fifteenth In
fantry, now in the hands of the civil
authorities and serving a sentence of
imprisonment, will be discharged
without honor from the army by the
commanding officer of the barracks at
Monterey, California. Post Quarter
master Sergeant Robert A. Howard.
Vancouver Barracks, Washington, will
be sent to depot of recruits and cas»
uals, Fort McDowell,,. California, re»
porting on arrival to'the commanding
officer. Private Edmond de Lattre,
Casual Detachment, Twenty-ninth In
fantry, now at Plattsburg Barracks,
New York, will be transferred to Com
pany D, Fifth Infantry, upon expira
tion of furlousrh granted him from the
army general hospital. Presidio of San
Francisco, and report to the com-.
manding officer of that company for
duty.
A NaVy Department order reading
as follows has been issued: Past
Assistant Paymaster R. Nicholson to
Philadelphia navy yard, Puget Sound,
June 30.
Postofliees Created In San Luis Obispo
and San Bernardino Counties.
Army and Other Orders.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE |
OF THE PACIFIC COACT
At the close of the arguments Jus
tice Clarke announced that he would
Five his decision later. The crowd was
then hustled out of the court room and
Mrs. Patterson taken through the Jus
tires' chambers to the street and in a
carriage to- the Tombs.
Assistant District Attorney Sand
ford said It would be a great pleasure
to the Coroner if he could discharge
th? woman, but he could not under the
pure question of law. The information
hud been laid before him that a crime
had been committed. The Assistant
District Attorney went on to describe
the wound and said that the woman
was the only one who was near the
dead man.
•"The pistol was held so close to the
coat that it could not have been held
by anybody but the defendant or the
dead man, and from the nature of the
wound the dead man could not have
returned the pistol to his coat pocket."
said Sandford, as he asked the court
to 'dismiss the writ.
Mrs. Patterson never took her eyes
from her counsel's face as he was mak
ing the argument, but she gave not the
slightest indication of nervousness or
?.nxiety over the outcome. From all
her demeanor shov.ed. she might have
been one of the half dozen women
fcpfctatprs in tn\ court room.
"Nan" Patterson was to-daj» taken
before Justice Clarke of the Supreme
Court on a jrrit of habeas corpus.
When the proceedings were begun Cor
oner Brown produced a copy of the
affidavit on which the woman is held
by the Coroner. Attorney Unger, for
Mrs. Patterson, referring to the affi
davit, said that they were confronted
by a paper which purported to be a re
turn, but was in such shape that he
doubted that the District Attorney'3
«S3ce was . responsible for it. He then
demurred formally to the return.
'"This looEe paper is for a dilatory
purpose," declared Unger. He then
went into the law as to Coroners' in
quests and said that a Coroner had no
pov.er to imprison a person accused of
crime before the inquest unless the
person were not In custody.
"In order to enable the Coroner to
act there must be information laid be
fore him that a murder had been com
mitted." said Unger.
"Or suicide," Interposed Justice
Clarke.
"Young Corbett" has promised to ad
\ ance - the funds required for the de
fense of "Nan" Patterson. He is much
Interested in the young woman ana
says he does not believe her capable
of the crime. They were friends in
San Francisco and at one time it was
reported that they were to be mar
ried. \Through his manager, John
Pollock, the pueiliFt made arrange
ments to furnish ball for the actress,
and if it is decided to-morrow that she
is entitled to bail "Young Corbett" will
be on hand with a bond.
"Nan" Patterson in prison Is reason
ably cheerful. She is making a collec
tion of her newFpaper portraits. Her
mother is seriouslv ill in Washington.
The attorneys for the defense will
fail to prove that "Caesar" Young was
despondent over money matter**. He
Irft a fortune of half a million to his
widow.
KEW YORK, June ".—It was not
with his own revolver that "Caesar"
Young was shot to death. The weapon
vu »old by G. R. Schneider in Novem
ber, 1SSS, In the establishment of Shov
erllcg. Daly & Gates, 302 Broadway.
At that time Young was In San Fran
cisco. So close to the ownership of the
revolver are the detectives getting that
they ar« confident of sensational de
velopments in the near future.
At a late hour to-night Detective Ser
geant Armstrong went to the apart
ments of J. Morgan Smith, who is mar
ried to a elster of "Nan" Patterson,
but was unable to obtain from him
information of great Import. It is un
derstood Smith was in New York dur
ing the summer, fall and early winter
/of 1E93. Upon his refusal to answer
Questions relating to the ownership
of the revolver with which "Caesar"
Young was shot a subpena was served
upon Smith directing him to appear
to-morrow morning at 9 o'clock before
the Grand Jurv, which will begin an
Investigation of the case. It is ex
pected Judjre Clark •will order the re
lease of "Nan" Patterson to-morrow,
he having indicated to-day his opinion
that the proceedings before Coroner
Browne have not been legally con
ducted.
Epecjd DUj»tcSx to Tt» Call.
Pugilist Promises to Ad
vance the Funds Required
for the Defense of Ac
cused "Xan" Patterson
NEW 'YORK, June 7.— John A. Ben
son, the California land owner, who,
with Frederick A. Hyde, also* of San
Francisco, was indicted for conspiracy
to procure Illegally title* to reserved
lands In California and Oregon, was
held to-day by United States Commis
sioner Shields on a warrant of removal
to the Washington district, in which
the indictment was found.
A writ of habeas corpus was obtained
from Judge Lacombe of the United
States Circuit Court and argument on
the writ will be. heard on next Thurs
day. Benson gave new bail in $10,000.
At the hearing to-day the defense
placed in evidence the deeds and pat
ents issued by the States of California
and Oregon to the land Benson and
Hyde are accused of securing, showing
that the property, many thousands of
acres in extent, was acquired more
than three years prior to the date of
the indictment.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call
Three bold robberies have been re
ported to the police within the last two
days from the vicinity of Grant avenue
and Post street. Monday afternoon
Miss Fuller, who conducts a lodging
house at 213 Grant avenue, surprised a
burglar at work and frightened him
away. Early the same morning $600
in coin and $100 in jewelry were stolen
from Mrs. Weaver at HI Grant avenue
by two clever thieves. A few hours
after the last mentioned crime, bur
glars entered a barber shop at 106
Union Square avenue by means of a
ladder and rifled the telephone box.
According to the report made by Miss
Fuller at the Central Police Station the
burglar that entered her lodging house
was a short, stout man and well dress
ed. He had opened and searched three
apartments by means of a skeleton
key before he was discovered. Miss
Fuller, who was attracted by a noise,
followed the man into the third apart
ment. When she entered he was in
the act of searching a bureau drawer.
The landlady stood on the threshold
and demanded an explanation, but the
thief, with an oath, sprang at her and
throwing her from his path dashed
down the stairway and into the street.
The three apartments had been thor
oughly Ransacked, but little of value
taken. ™
A stranger robbed the apartments
of Mrs. Weaver early Monday morn
ing. His accomplice stood in the hall
way and when the principal in the theft
secured the loot his pal made away
with it. On the pretext that he was
acquainted with .Mrs. Weaver the
stranger stated that he had called to
give her some information. While she
was In another room he entered the
one she had vacated and secured $5S0
in gold coin, $20 in silver and $100 In
jewelry. Just as the woman returned
he slipped a satchel containing the loot
to an accomplice and both made their
escapo.
During the early hours yesterday
morning the barber shop at 106 Union
Square avenue was robbed. The bur
glars entered a lodging house occupied
by colored people at 20J Post \street.
and, patios to tne rear of the house,
secured a ladder and let themselves
down to the roof of the Union Square
avenue building. Then they pried off
a sky light. and made a search of the
shop. With the exception of the coin
that wan in the telephone box they took
nothing. This crime was also reported
to the police.
"YOUNG CORBETT"
APPEAES IX CASE
Japanese warships are making Dalny
their headquarters and are coming and
going continuously. They take tarns
guarding the entrance to Port Arthur.
The Jimks further report that Chi
nese are no longer allowed to leave
Port Arthur and that the Japanese are
punishing the bandits who raided Dal
ny and Talienwan. Three bandits have
been executed and sixty have been ar
rested.
The Junks saw nothing of the Japan
ese fleet off Port Arthur.
It Is believed here that a naval battle
took place last night in the Gulf of
Pechili. Passengers on steamships
passing the Liaotshan Promontory at
the time did not hear any firing, while
reports come from Tengchow of heavy
firing being heard there from 11 o'clock
last night until 2 o'clock this morning.
Vessels from the Miaotao Islands con
firm this report and so do the residents
of hills In the vicinity of this city, who
heard the firing and saw the flashes
out at sea during the night.
The fact that the Russians were en
deavoring on June 4 to clear the road
steads off Port Arthur of mines indi
cates an intention upon their part to
give battle outside the harbor upon the
first favorable opportunity.
A Japanese correspondent returning
from Talienwan says there is a persis
tent rumor there that the Japanese
battleship Yashima^ struck a mine off
that port recently and was sunk.
CHEFU, June 8.— A fleet of Junks
which has arrived from Dalny for the
purpose of buying stores for the Japan
ese report having heard continuous fir
ing between Dalny and Port Arthur for
several days.
Finally the* Japanese fire on the
crest bf the hills located them and the
assailants swarmed up almost inacces
sible cliffs.
The Japanese at first kept in the
shelter of* the rocks, but the Russian
fire searched them out and they flitted
shadowlike across the rocks as the
Cossacks continued to- advance, while
the dragoons cleared the valleys lead
ing from the amphitheater. The Jap
anese cavalry retreated, unwilling to
risk a collision at close quarters.
The Russian line encircled one great
hill on which was the principal Jap
anese position and like a living ribbon
crept toward the summit. Colonel
Sereda led the advance until he fell
wounded half way up the cliff. The
command devolved upon Lieutenant
Colonel Chlcsville, who continued the
forward movement, clearing the Jap
anese from the heights.
In the meantime a Russian battery
placed an accurate shrapnel fire among
the hilltops, hastening the Japanese
retreat. Two Japanese sharpshooters
on a hill seriously annoyed the Rus
sians at a critical period of the Ad
vance. An officer of Terileskl's com
pany scaled the rocks in the /ace of
almost certain death and killed both of
the. Japanese, returning unharmed.
Soon after the Russians had occu
pied the hilltop and an intrenched vil
lage they received an order to retire.
Just then the artillery reserve was
brought into action and s-howered the
retiring Russians with Fhrapnel. but
failed to get the exact range.
Besides Colonel Sereda, seventeen
Russians were wounded in the day's
encounter. The Japanese losses, owing
to the accuracy of the Russian artil
lery fire, seemed heavy.
TOUMSTS ARE SAFE
THROUGHOUT JAPAN
LIAOYANG, June 7.— The Japanese
have drawn in their advance guards
from Vafangow. They blew, up part of
the railway and the telegraph station
on the night of June 3. The damage
will be soon repaired.
SamsonofTs Cossacks are harassing
the Japanese toward Port Arthur.
Cossacks searching the hills occasion
ally catch detached partjes unawares.
Samsonoff's fight with the Japanese
on June 3 in the valley of Putsiantun
took place in an immense amphithea
ter in the«fitlls. Samsonoff threw for
ward skirmishers to feel out the Jap
anese positions. The Cossacks and
dragoons crept forward, examining the
steep hillsides, deep ravines and dry
water courses likely to protect Jap
anese ambuscades.
"The soldiers, who were dressed like
pirates, said they mistook us for a
pirate boat they were seeking. They
afterward donned uniforms.
"I walked to Tienchwang to summon
assistance. One of the Chinese crew
was badly wounded and it is not likely
that he will recover." u>
DENVER. June 7. — Anna B. Etzel,
a stenographer living in this city wi£h
her mother and sister, received a ca
blegram to-dav announcing the death
of her brother, Lewis Etzel. a news
paper correspondent, who was killed
by Chinese soldiers. Lewis Etzel was
the eon of Gabriel Etzel, who died
several years ago in this city. The
dead correspondent was 36 years of
ape. He left home about ten years
ago.
Etzel had traveled extensively and
had accompanied some of the most
famous Eastern exploration expedi
tions. He had often penetrated some
of the wildest parts of the East Indies,
and with Russell Harrison, a son of
ex-President Harrison, made a won
derful trip through the jungles of
Borneo in 1901.
LONDON. June 7.— Ernest Brlndle,
the Dally Mail's correspondent In Man
churia, in a description of the death
of Lewis Etzel, the Daily Telegraph's
correspondent, who "was shot by Chin
ese soldiers while in a junk between
Shwantaitze and Erdiko, says:
"Our intention was to cruise along
the Ltaotung coast. About 6 o'clock In
the morning the Junk was surrounded
by four sailing boatB manned by Chin
ese soldiers, who, without explanation,
opened fire, their shots falling all over
our boat. We were below reading and
waiting and Etzel, looking cut, re
peived a fearful wound in the back of
the head and expired in a. few mo
ments.
NEWCHWANG, June 7.— A pri
vate telegram received from Shanhai
kwan says that Lewis Etzel, corre
spondent of the London Daily Tele
graph, and Ernest Brlndle of the Lon
don Daily Mail were fired upon by
Chinese soldiers while In a Junk be
tween Shwantaitze and Erdicko. Et
zel was killed, but Brindle is believed
to be safe. They left here on June 3
to investigate the movements of some
bandits.
Writ of Habeas Corpus Is
Granted and Argument
Will Be Heard Thursday
Criminals Take $700 in Coin
and Jewels From Lodging-
House on Grant Avenue
OBTAINS NEW DELAY
"Caesar' Young a Resident
of San Francisco at Time
of the Weapon's Sale
by a New York Firm
Immense Amphitheater in
the Hills Is Scene
of Battle.
Passing Ships Bring Eumor
of Combat' Between
the Fleets.
BURGLAKS USE LADDER
Mongols Claim They Mistook
Etzel's Junk for a
-? Pirate Craft;
Samsonoff's Cossacks Are
Harassing the Jap
anese Armies.
Federal, Commissioner De
cides That He Shall Be
Taken to Washington
Three Bold Bobberies Are
Eeported to Police From
the Down-Town District
War Writer Murdered by.
Chinese Soldiers Is an
American Citizen.
Cannonading Is Heard and
Flash of Guns Seen
Off Liaotung.
CHEFU BELIEVES A NAVAL
BATTLE HAS BEEN FOUGHT
REVOLVER
IS TRACED
TO BUYER
BENSON HELD
FOR REMOVAL
WOMAN ALARMS
THIEF AT WORK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. JUNE S, 190*.
4
y • ADVEKTISEMENT3.
Is Ideal
"*^S^L W?> !^^ The standard of Qualify
by which all other Beers
are judged.
Highest in price, but
leadsin sales. 100,402,500
w^f^--^' bottles sold in 1903. ,
OF BOTTLER BEERS"
BUDWEISEE if branded oa tit cork to giurd against deception.
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n, St. Louis, U.S.A.
"WeM't Tail Viiitors win find the A&keuer-Bnsck Brewery the pri&dpal feature - '
el tbe World's Fair City. All axe welcome.
Orders Promptly Filled by J
TILLMANN & BENDEL, Distributors, San Francisco, Calif.
ircEHBHKSBBFaKaHECEaDDiiiaBBtanBQaHaiiHBBBaBBBDnarianoiBaanriiaEJEEHBaHiJBasaaB!
io . ; : (
I Timely Troubles. Jllu^
j The aches and pains oF the back are timely
i troubles. You may think them bad enough, but P^sfflsSJ^^P^fll
J neglect a bad back and the serious side of this
j timely warning is soon apparent. "^^^^^jKSBSBmBk^^
i Early warnings of kidney ills come through the
S back and are the kidneys' cry for help. You must iJ'^S^^^^^SStT/
| relieve the congested kidney conditions or the im- =g|^Wg^y^^^^W
« puritiesintended to becarried off circulate through
i the blood and dangerous diseases follow. Neg- «^u« Jga ] |w ywp^
J lected kidneys cause urinary disorders, dropsy, ~,r>J^i&rVZ * \
i rheumatism, diabetes, Bright's disease. Doan's Kid- ~*^ogjg|^,
I ney Pills cure any of the many kidney disorders. . oifi 0
j] SAN FRANCISCO PROOT*\ ~
S — — \
\ ¦ TO SAR FRANCISCO CALL READERS. ) W. P. Candy, employed in fruit cannery, residence 318/
j ,'j, . ~TTi Minna st, says: "I have gone out of my way to induce 1
\ J^j|^L/^0a/lJ5 |i!||4 friends and acquaintances who I knew suffered from back-
! flaf TBtSSflffidntiY. rHHI ache or kidney complaint to use Doan's Kidney Pills. In '
¦ W&^Tc* 10 wt?.' tlllf fact, J have never lost an opportunity to indorse them very 1
I \ forcibly. I have good reasons for so doing. I knew that mv 1 '
3 «amc_ — . ( k i dne y s were either excited or weakened. I knew I required '
I p. e : ¦( some medicine to soothe, purify and wash them, and I sc-V:
I statc — ... . \ lect»id Doan's Kidney Pills. They did the work thoroughly, 1
' ' Tor fra* trtal bo*, mall *hU conpoa U> 1 /,,,;»tlv onrlnnicUv "
I »\>****Ubaro Ce.. Baaalo. K T. If above ( CJUietiy and qUlCKIJ. I
1 rpsrc li limilTh hut, -irritio iHf nn srps \'
I nrtssUp.- """ " " | } , .
io --¦--.¦ 1_ — ___ — . ; — _ _ — , . ____^
New Trunks
Our Jine of Trunks, Traveling
Bags and Dress Suit Cases is now
complete. We carry everything
that's new and up-to-date. If you
are in'need of anything in our line
call and see us. You will be sure
to find what you want.
A. B. SMITH CO.
128 Ellis Street, Afore Powell
j0^^ PsilllPQQ
W$$y^'j Something New.
/|||||*^ 1L will appeal
|^^^* yjj^Sate for
i Bf£c>. : X$jk Dr. A. L. Simpson
W&Ls&3£i 1206 Market Streat
STATEMENT
OT THE
CONDITION AXT> AFFAIRS.
(
07 THB
Northwestern Mutual
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MILWAUKEE. IN THE STATE OT
W!scon»la. on the 31it day of Decerob-r.
A. D.. 19«J. and for the year endln« on that
day; made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the 8tate of California, pursuant to the re-
quirements cf Section 613 of the Political
Code of said State.
CAPITA!*
Amount of Capital Stock paid up
ta Cash
ASSETS.
Net value of Real Estate Owned „_,,_-_.„
by the Company $3,611,837 42
'Amount ' of Loan» secured by
Bend and Mortgage en Real .._.„_ „
Estate 83.n9.ei7 07
Premium notes and loans In any
form taken in payment of
premiums on policies now In
force *-•- W2.M1 M
Casn market value of all Stocks
and Bends owned by the
Company «7, 488,352 43
Amount of Ca»h on hand In
Company's Office 208,438 73
Amount of Cash deposited 'In
Banks 2.258.383 09
! Interest due the Company and
unpaid 91.202 33
Interest accru-d but rot due 2.405.40& 4O
Net amount of premiums In pro-
cess of collection, and of de-
ferred premiums 2.232.733 S3
Loans made to policy holders as-
signed as collateral 13.731.2S3 00
Rents due and accrued 31.934 3»
* Total Assets ri7S.20».«23 20
LIABILITIES. ~
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments, due and
unpaid $107,083 12
! Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments In process
of -adjustment, or adjusted
bat not due 60". 142 M
Claims resisted by the Company 4O.900 CO
Net prwent value of all the out-
standing policies, computed
according to the Combined
Experience Tables of Mortal-
ity, with four per cent In-
terest 143.CS3.834 »
Amount of all unpaid dividends
to policy holders 2.3QS.S23 09
Tontine Surplus payable to policy
holders 23.879.380 7S
All other Liabilities TU.W7 73
Total Liabilities $172.8S3.sei 30
INCOME. ~
Cash received for premiums oa
new policies dur ins the '
year ..V. W.C28.834 69
Cash received for renewal of
premiums during the year.. 22.329.714 91
Cash received for interest 7,010.017 44
Cash received for rents 434,731 43
Cash received from all other
sources 234.873 14
Total Income S33.833.273 68
EXPENDrrrRES.
Cash paid for losses and ma-
tured endowments $3,133.34? 2S»
Cash paid to annuitants 43,883 30
Cash paid for surrendered
policies 2.460.634 «
Cash paid i° r dividends to policy
holders 4.438.172 04
Commissions paid to agrents ... 2.927,742 80
Salaries and other compensation
of officers and employes, ex-
cept agents and medical ex-
aminers 481.SS2 43
Salaries and traveling expenses
of managers^ of agencies 11.191 31
Medical examiners.' fee* and sal-
aries 1 170.823 31
Cash paid for taxaa C7O.307 \9
Cash paid for rents 41.393 00
Cash paid for commuting com-
missions 430 74
All other cash payments (speci-
fying) Repairs on Real
Estate. Legal Expenses, Ad-
vertising, Printing. etc..
J37S.440 33; Premium notea
votded by lapse. $9,973 31:
all other payments. $1,217.-
713 26 1.838*1*3 90
Total Expenditures during
th» ytar 13
PREMIUM-NOTE ACCOUXTT
Premium notes and other prem-
ium obligations at beginning
of the year T. $292.223 23
Premium notes and other prem-
ium obligations received dur- ¦
ing the year 144.691 SO
Total $438,913 G3
Deductions during the year, as follows:
Amount of notes aad other prem-
ium obligations used In pay-
ment of losses and claims.. $13,248 M
Amount of notes and other prem-
ium obligations used In pur-
chase- of surrendered policies 8.S33 S3
Amount of notes and other prem-
ium obligations used In pay-
ment of dividends to policy
holders 33.203 31
Amount of notea and other pre-
mium obligations voided by
lapse of policies 5 9.979 31
Amount of notes and other prem-
ium obligations redeemed by
maker In cash S3.313 10
Total reduction of Frem-
lum.Note Account $121,603 51
Balance, note assets at end of
the year $312,311 34
WILLARD MERRILIa President
J. W. SKINNER. Secretary.
Rubscnbed and sworn to before me, this
29th day of January. 1904.
P. R. SANBORN. Notary Public.
glarengeY. smith,
General Agent for California.
114 Phelan Building,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Weekly Call $1 per Year;< George E. 4 Hyde, who Is to be chief of
the 1 Santa Clara -exhibit here, has ar
rived and is busy with Lloyd Chllds, his
associate. In showing the merits of the
fruits ! of • their • section.
The State dried fruit exhibit has
been -installed." It Is, an epic in the
product of ' the orchard . and is - pored
over by admiring throngs. A space 70
feet long by 15 feet high against the
wall i In • the California section, Palace
of . Agriculture. - is occupied. In this
every - sort of > dried fruit known "from
' San Diego? to Sisklyou ¦ and . from the
Sierra to * the ; sea," as , candidates for
the. Assembly are wont to say. is
shown in ; open commercial " packages.
.The fruits are of many; shades,' and be-
For visitors to the World's Fair to see
the East. Reduced rates to New York
ar.d other Eastern cities are now In ef
fect, via the Pennsylvania Lines,
through either Chicago or St. Louis.
Tickets to New York and Philadelphia
are good via Washington, allowing ten
days at the national capital. Stopovers
ere also allowed at Baltimore and Phila
delphia. For particulars, ask E. M. Pom
croy, P. C. A., €21 Market street, San
An Excellent Opportonitx
sides a striking demonstration of one
source of State wealth a pleasing ar
tistic effect Is obtained.
The State honey and vegetable ex
hibits also are .In place now.
The Sacramento Development Asso
ciation received the first apricots sent
here from California. They were
shipped on May 30 from Winters.
Five special cars containing teach
ers and pupils of the Los Angeles pub
lic schools will arrive here on June 15.
Los Angeles— John P. Coll. T. T. Coll MlM
I* Whltaker. Benjamin J. Schneider. Mrs. B.
s. Wldner, Miss I. S. Johnsoa Edward Qutn-
Ian.
Oakland— Mrs. 8. X. Martin. J. Fischer. Mm.
O. "W. Percy. X. H. Chamber!in«. Dr. Makeon.
Sacramento— O. V. Watson and wlf«. &
Blurgory. Lillian B. Gregory.
Pescadero— T. X. Steel and wife. T. T. Voi
der. Mra. F. T. Nolder. Miss Nettie B N'oSiJw.
Chtco— Denny Murphy, John C. Dooley.
Ban Diego— Lewis W. Harriett-. Miss May
Barnette. H.\Ji, Nelles. T." B. Nellea. F- C.
Nelles.
San Mate©— Mr. and Mrs. TT. 8. Bull.
Auburn — Theresa Burtscher.
Elmhurst — D. Moriarity.
Sausallto— J. F. Canady and wlfa.
McMinnvlIle— Mr. and Mrs. J. Ortssca.
Ferndale — George A. Price. -. jSSM
Santa Rosa — E. T. Palmer.
Bakersfleld— H. R. Mallory.
Fresno — J. W. Sharer.
. Palo Alto — Grace D. Cuthbertson.
San Jose — Mrs. J. E. Addicott. Mist Bernic*
Olllver.
Eureka— Mrs. C. F. Evan».
Dedicates Minnesota Rnllrilnsr.
ST. LOUIS, June 7. — Governor Van
Sant of Minnesota, his staff and more
than 300 members of the Minnesota
Editorial Association assembled at' the
Minnesota building to-day and formal
ly dedicated the structure. ¦
CALIFORNIANS VIEW FAIR.
All Parts of the State Represented at
St. Louis Exposition.
ST. LOUIS, June 7. — The following
Calif ornians have registered at the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition:
San Francisco— Anna M. Denver, C. M.
Hunt. Mrs. H. G. Hunt, George A. Aldrlch.
C Dommee. . Hannah Lessyweky Louts Cranz,
Mrs. L. Cranz, .W. J. Glrard, Mrs. E. Gllson,
George B. Gllson, Howard Green. Miss J.
Hymen. Silas Green. Mrs. Silas Green. Mrs.
Fv K. Philips, Mabel Philips. Mrs. E. M.
Jones, Miss Jt. M. Jones, Mrs. C. H. La Boy
teau,. G. .W. Dynck, W. H. Harrison. -W. J.
McCurtney, Miss N. Conor, Mrs. A. E. Mac-
Intlre. Mrs. T. E. Hayden. Mary A. Corberry.
The military Order of the Carabao,
composed of officers of the regular
end volunteer forces who participated
In the recent war In the Philippines,
h<?ld a meeting at the Occidental Hotel
last evening. It waa largely attended
by officers from the various posts
around the bay and officers en route
to different points in this country and
the Philippines. Charles A. Coolidge,
paramount carabao of the order, pre
r=ided at tha meeting and after Its ad
journment the herd of carabaos was
driven to a v.-alloxv by the bomblnero.
Local Carabaos Meet.
The musical and literary pro
•gramme was given In the following
order:
Remarks, W. H. Edwards, principal; class
song, "Summer Days," accompanists Miss K.
E. Smith, Alma Harrington: recitation, "An
gelina Johnson," Genevleve Heunisch, Florence
Braverman; solo, "The Palms." Harold For
man; overture. "America," Hebrew Orphan
Asylum band; address and presentation of di
plomas. C. W. Mark, school director; distribu
tion of medals by W. H. Edwards to Emllle
Kckhoff. Clarine Eichenberg-, Catherine Got
cher, Willie Jaenecke, Violet Mayers, Lulu
Ruebke; solo, "Eyes of Blue or Eyes of
Brown," Harold Forman.
Herbert Alden. Milton Bernard, Howard De
vine Abner Doble, John English, Lewis Ford,
Harold Forman. Emll Haase, Harold
Haven. Dale Hlatt. Willie Jaenlcke,
George Johnston, John Kelly,/ Percy
Levenson, Ralph Mackay, Jerome Marx,
Graham Mitchell. Frank Ochsner. Milton Sll
verstone, Bronson Tufts, Marshall Williamson,
Sydney Wolfe, Edmund Young, Emil Zwler
leln. Alma Anderson, Helen Blake. Florence
Braverman. Geraldlne Bylngton. Blanche Car
rau Llllle Clegler. Florence Dlsbrow, Emllle
Eckhoff, Clarine Eichenberg. Catherine Golch
er. Ruth Halloran, Alma Harrington, Gladys
Harelrigg. Genevleve Heunisch, Clara Hlrsch.
Irene McLeod, Jennie Murphy. Ruth Nathan,
Ingeborg OUon. Bailie White. Hulda Zwierleln
Ross Buell. John Coftey. Willie Hoburg, Willie
Larzalere. Kenneth Smitten. Elmer White. Jes
sie Clyde. Doris Cohen. Gladys Gill. Elizabeth
geibert, Violet Mayers. Ida Mearns. Mabel
Olsen Rose Rosenthal, Lulu Ruebke, Irma
Stein Genevieve Sullivan, Daphne Unger, Bea
trice Walthew, Loulce Zlpf, Lillian War
rlngton.
The graduating, exercises ,of the
Crocker Grammar School took place
yesterday and an enjoyable^, literary
and musical programme was given.
The following graduates received
their diplomas:
Crocker Grammar School Students
Receive Hard-Earned Diplomas.'
BRIGHT PUPILS GRADUATE.
Honorary — Theodore Levy, Edith Hunt. Alice
Mcrse. Samuel Jacobs, Alma Meyers, Fannie
Hortensteln, Gertrude Glestlng.
Graduates— Clayton Roberts. Marshall Front,
Myrtle Cook, Francis Valsent. Minnie Neiblas,
Edward Gempleton. Enid Turner, Mary Bates,
I^iiih Vanacker, Frank Latman, Alma Lewi
son. Lillian Getz, Alice Kearn. Master Yoki
sakl, Grace ' Faubel, Anita Whelan, Master
Muro, Henry Wolf. Master Otakl, Stewart Vel
mer, Cora Bissett, Edna Harrison, Oalen Wolf#
Franklin Oatman, Patton Tallant.
Miss Augrusta Robertson's class — Bella ' Mc-
Master, first Denman medal; Reta Henderson,
second Denman medal; Fred Jacobs, Bridge
medal.
Graduates — Charles Auerbach. Stewart Mc-
Nab, Hamlln Nerney, Alfred Pyle. George
Radford. August Schroeder, Joseph Ehrman,
Edna Jacobs, Harry Allen. Frederic Johnson,
Clara French, Evelyn Lily, Harry McGlll, Tom
Lalne. Willie Acton, Alma Ward, Hazel Ed
wards, Cora Kennedy, Jo.stV Morrison. Marion
Marvin. Gwlndolen Jones. Julie Mehrtens, LIN
llan 'Poehlman, Mary Btumpf, Elsie Suben
hauer.
Graduating exercises at Pacific
Heights Grammar School took place
yesterday morning before a large at
tendance of parents and friends of the
pupils. _
The schoolrooms were profusely
decorated with the most beautiful of
the- season's flowers and the pro
gramme contained an abundance of
the choicest music.
One of the foremost of the
very interesting exercises were the ad
mirable remarks to the graduates by
Miss Stincen, the principal.
The following were awarded
honors:
Mirs Julie Mlcheison'n class (medals and di
plomas distributed by Miss Alice Stincen, prin
cipal) :
Gwendolyn Powers, Denman medal; Horace
Amphlett. Bridge medal.
Honoraries — Kathryn Metcalfe, Harry Gamer
ston, Edgar Schwabacher, Myrtle Goldberg,
Muriel Oatman, Bernard Rosenthal.
dents Given Awards of Merit.
Pacific Heights Grammar School Stu-
was an address by ?)r. Scott, the new
principal of the high school. He
sketched his policy and bespoke the
support of parents and friends of the
school in making his work a success.
The exercises closed with the singing
of tfle class song and then the grad
uates went downstairs, where a room
full of floral presents were distributed
among them and carried to their homes.
GRADUATES GIVEN* HONORS.
SACRAMENTO, June 7.— The Grand
Jury to-day, through Colonel H. Wein
stock, the foreman, Instructed District
Attorney Seymour to bring suit against
the Board of Supervisors, County Au
ditor and County Treasurer to recover
the sum of $4822 21, which if is al
leged they allowed without legal war
rant during, the year 1903.
It is declared in the report that much
of this money was appropriated and
many offices created In spite of the
opinion of the District Attorney that
it could not legally be done. Among
the items is $700 for the reception to
President Roosevelt and the donation
to the Fourth of July celebration fund.
In interviews to-night the Supervisors
declare they made the appropriations in
the public interest and tltat among the
citizens who came before them and
urged the appropriations wen some of
tha very men who, as members of the
present Grand Jury, signed the report
condemning their action.
Viola. Ahlere. Marjorle Bu/flngton, Edith*
Carew, Ada. A. Conlln, Charlotte Conradt,
Lilian B. Cotrel. Marian F. Cotrel, Emma Ma
rie de Boom. Rosa M. DIchl. Ethel Dowltng,
Clarisse Duckett, Charlotte Estes, Nora Evans,
Elizabeth Fltzgibbon, Helen J. Flynn. Stella
F. Harman Ethel L. Harris. Sadie G. Karsky,'
Alma Koepke. Edith E. Leale, Edith Loewen
thal. Ethel Lacy. Julia McCarthy. Hattle Mc-
Phun. Llllie A. Maskow, Gracia S. Merell,
Ethel A. Northon.vB>sEle O'Connor. Carrie. L.
Parson*. Marguerite Ponert, Anita Rose. Edith
M. r-m-ll. Edith K. Standart. Alma Blanche To
hlrt. Mente Vemi» Webb, Grace R.. Williams;
Carrie M. Winter, pocothy Wolfe, Hanna Wol
lenberg, Elsie Zeile.
The closing feature of* the evenlnc
BROOKS SAYS FAREWELL
There was more singing and then
Professor Brooks rose to present the
class. He prefaced this pleasant duty
with a few remarks of personal ac
knowledgment of the many kind words
said of him on the occasion of his re
tirement. Then he announced that the
members of '04 were ready and quali
fied to receive their diplomas. Super
intendent of Schools William H. Lang
don, after a brief address to the class,'
requested Professor Brooks himself to
presest the diplomas. This he did with
words of affectionate farewell to his
last class. The graduates were as fol
lows: J N
The American parents are the best In the
world. (Applause.) They have learned i the
leseon of obedience, if their children have not.
(Laughter.) They are slaves to their chil
dren. American mothers, as I have often had
occasion to observe, retire from the enjoy
ments of life Juet as their daughters are pre
paring to enter upon .them. The eelf -sacrifice
of such parents Is a characteristic of Ameri
can life. If such sacrifice has been made for
you. be you worthy of it. • rr
1 cannot leave the stage without aome
reference to the oarticular event that marks
this occasion. We all wish Professor Brooks
delightful rest at his Sablne farm. The teach
er's life is one of heroic sacrifice. We have
all seen ' men who - might have amassed for
tunes in business or the lucrative professions
turn deliberately aside. . abandon their chance
of prosperity and * even ' sometimes • of a com
petency, and relinquish the. possibility of
starting their children prosperously In life,
all In order that they might' advance the
prospects and promote the welfare of the
young. Foreign teachers are better paid than
American in proportion to other incomes. Our
schools are better here In every other respect
than this.
' In conclusion, and with special reference
to Professor Brooka, I wish to recall with you
Kipling's stirring lines, "Let us' now praise
famous men." The famous men he mentions
are the teachers who taught him to render
obedience without excuses. ¦
AMERICAN' PARENTS OBEY.
To-night I can think of nothing more Impor
tant to Impress upon you than the old saying
that the three things most worth while are
reverence, obedience and the purer life. Of
the last little need be said, because purity is
a distinction of American life. But does not
our American freedom and equality produce
a lack of reverence? No doubt there are good
reasons why this should be. The American
boy or girl has little reverence for the paat
because he sees few relics of it. In England,
and still more it Italy, the past is all about
the young. student, and he grows up In rever
ence for the things that have endured. But
In America how far back can any boy go* In
Chicago, to the fire. (Laughter.) Even in Cal
ifornia, with our Interesting ruins of the mis
sions, we hare little else •» excite reverenco
for history. But we nee4 to cultivate tlio
spirit, for although our -American institutions
are superior to those of the Old World, we
can understand them only by studying their
origin in the history ot other nations. It waa
the work of these that made possible our mod
ern civilization and its blessings.
But more important still is obedience. I
think the principal! difference between the
English and the American student Is that the
former does what you tell him to do. The
American student, particularly a girl, asks
"Why?" (Laughter.) Now, curiosity Is ad
xnlrabla 60mctimes, but there are times when
even life depends upon swift obedience. One
reason why I believe In college athletics Is
that the American boy learns on the football
field what we seem unable to teach him in
the classroom — namely, to do what he is told.
It i» the people who aek "Why?" that 'are
making excuses for failure to do their duty.
Excuses -are . only known in. American schools.
I had about made up my mind to make my
remarks this evening an expansion of Charles
Kingsley's beautiful lines beginning: .
"Be good.' sweet girl, and let who win be
clever." v
But happily I bethought myself to consult one
of ?he brightest girls in my classes at the uni
versity. She is a sophontore, and. therefore,
of course, knows everything. (Laughter. > This
wise woman said, . "LK>n't talk to these girls
as girls. Just talk to them as you do to your
boys." And I shall try to follow her cage
advice, remembering my responsibility In view
of the fact that many of you are likely to come
over to the university and become members of
my classes.
Then the class sang another chorus,
"The Shoogy Shoo," sang it, too, in a
fashion that made every one in the
room glad he was there. Professor
Henry Morse Stephens of the Univer
sity of California was introduced for
the leading address of the evening — an
address full of wit as well as of com
mon sense and fatherly counsel t to the
young debutantes in life. He laid in
STEPHENS' WITTY ADDRESS.
The United Mai«» was the first nation to
realize that schools are destined to supersede
earrlson? as factors In the world's civilization.
Our public schools are our greatest glory, for
they are developing the hij.iR-.--i types of men
and women. Lart year more than 453,000
teachers were employed In the public echool?,
with nearly 17.000,000 pupils under them. Al
moit $100,000,000 annually Is the cost of these
schools, and when we capitalize this sum and
add the permanent capital Invested in bulld
lnps and apparatus It Is seen that the Ameri
can people have given more than sentiment to
the education of the children of the rich and
the poor.
One of the most significant facts in Ameri
can education i« the vast number of young
women in our schools and colleges. We have
demonstrated that there is nothing unhealthy
or abnormal in this. Women are as worthy of
education and endure Its demands upon the
physical and mental outfit as well as men.
Their education has an Important bearing upon
the general question of An/rican education,
for the great majority of them are destined
to preside over homes and to become the teach
ers of their own/ children. Thus the. work of
educated mothe/s will promote th« highest
morality and the noblesN citizenship and
greatly advanca theV^emocracy of learning,
which is the ideal of Alnerlcan life.
The great hall of the Girl's High
1 School presented a scone last evening
that did San Francisco proud. Every
; seat in the auditorium was taken by
parents and friends of the members
of the class of '04. On the broad stage,
against a beautiful background of flags,
palms and lilies, were seated the two
ecore members of the class, arrayed in
simple white and more attractive than
the beautiful flowers of California, huge
bunches of which they bore in their
hands. It was their graduation night
and the event was made doubly mem
| orable for them by the fact that it was
also the graduation of their 1 beloved
i principal. Ellsha Brooks, after twelve
| years of noteworthy service as head of
! the school. Besides speeding the part
ing guest, the class had the pleasure of
welcoming the coming principal of the
school in the person of Professor
Brooks' successor, Dr. Scott of Oak
land.
Alfred Roncovierl. president of the
School Board, presided. The pro
gramme opened with two choruses ad
mirably sung by the entire class»under
the leadership of their competent sing
ing teacher, Miss Estelle Carpenter.
: The songs were Handel's "Largo" and
, Schubert's "Hark, Hark, the Lark."
i^Then President Roncovieri read a brief
address, saving among other things:
State Commissioner Filcher is going
to California to have it out with the
butter men, who, he says, have "thrown
down" the commission In the matter
of supplying that substanc.e. .He Inti
mates that failure to get Jobs at the
fair under the commission caused the
"throw down." There Is a chance here
for another lively scrap.
, A space In the» refrigerator section,
•where the world's butter display is to
be made, has been secured by the com
mission, but only enough ; butter has
been sent to model the figure repre
senting California. Consequently Call-
Kings County also shows a good
quality of cotton, and many Southern
ers inspect it, with interest. , . . ., >
FILCHER NEEDS BUTTER.
The Kings County display has been
enriched by the receipt of a large in
voice ot- cereals In the stalk, part of
this year's crop. There is wheat six
and a quarter feet high, barley four
feet ten inches high and oats five feet
high, all beating fine, large heads, just
ripening. Alfalfa, four and a half feet
high, is among- the lot. These pro
ducts, stood in large sheaves in front
of the booth and artistically arranged
on its sides, are attracting the atten
tion of many Eastern farmers, who
are thus given a good demonstration
of what California grain fields will
produce. The. wily Kings County peo
ple . know that . if an Eastern home
seeker, is lured there by the display of
wheat and barley he will soon go to
raising more profitable crops of. fruit
and grapes. Cereals always look good
to an Eastern farmer. They mean
wealth in his region.
The Kings County people have also
sent* on an exhibit of silk worms and
cocoons. These are not on mulberry,
but on oak branches and, are attract
ing great attention. If the- oak leaf
proves a sufficient food for the worma
the industry in California will receive
a great impetus.
As already stated by. The Call, the
central feature will be a relief map of
the university grounds and buildings
as they will appear when the enlarge
ment plans are carried out. The map
is 7x15 feet and the buildings will be
shown by accurate models.
KINGS COUNTY CEREALS.
Electric lights placed at the backs of
the cabinets and cases will make
transparencies ci" them. These lights
will be- kept burning constantly during
exhibit hours. Five" hundred will be
used in the Installation.
On two sides of the pavilion cabinets
thirteen feet in height will be con
structed against the wall. These will
contain photographic views and other
interesting material. On another side
will be the Lick exhibit, thirteen feet
high and eighteen feet long, also con
tained in a cabinet. The rest of the wall
space will be filled In with bookcases
and cabinets. All around the pavilion
will be a blue frieze five feet wide, with
golden lettering, showing the activities
of the university in all the various de
partments. - On the floor, extending
along all four sides, will be showcases
containing a display from the univer
sity library. Over the entrances will
be placed redwood panels on carved
brackets, the panels bearing the words
"University of California" in golden
letters.
WITHIX THE PAVILION".
CALL BUREAU, v WORLD'S FAIR,
ST. LOUIS, June 7.— The wbrk of in
stalling the University of California
display at the Louisiana Purchase Ex
position is well under way. It is being
conducted under the supervision of
Henry H. Hedger. assistant to Pro
fessor Galen Howard, architect of the
greater university, and' J. Marshall
Steel, who will be 'custodian of the ex
hibit. The design was prepared by Mr.
Hedger.
It is apparent from the material sent
on and the installation design that the
university will make a display that will
be an object lesson to the world of the
progress of the furthest Pacific State
and the proud position she holds to-day
in the field of letters and science.
Every department of the university,
on both sides of the bay, will be repre
sented. Perhaps the most notable ex
hibit will be that of the Lick Observ
atory. This is a complete exposition of
the advanced astronomical work of this
celebrated Institution, and doubtless
will be a magnet to scientists from all
over the world and the many others
¦who wish to gaze into thg opened book
of the heavens. Mr. Hedger thinks no
finer astronomical display has ever
been made than that prepared by the
Lick Observatory.
Redwood is used in the framework of
the university exhibit. The skeleton
was constructed in Oakland and un
loaded, ready-made, in the space al
lotted, which will save a great deal of
time.
Staff Correspondent of The Call at the World's
BY PAUIj EDWARDS,
Every Department of Califor
ni a ? s Famed Educational
- Institution Js Represented
Among Items Are Appro
priations for Roosevelt Re
ception and Fourth of July
ISSUED
Witty Address by Profes
i sor H. M. Stephens of the
University of California
INSTRUCTIONS ;
! HI& MODEST FAREWELL
WILL BE ATTRACTIVE
Grand Jury Orders Suit to
Recover Moneys Illegally
Spent in Sacramento
Work of Installing Berkeley
Exhibit at St. Louis Is
Now Well Under. Way
I^iinah Robinson. Dr. anfl Mrs. Douelas >Iont
r»^trer>'. Mre. Norris. Ml*s HumphrejT. Mr.
Humrhrers. Mrs. fi. E. Hutton, Mr». Louise
Inland. Mr. and Mrs. Shatter Howard. . K,
IIo*ard. Miss Nell Grant. Mr. and Mr*.
Moody. Mrs. Emma Ehafter Howard. Mrs. WIL
!'^m Tir-Tg. Professor Edmond O'Neill, Mrs.
Ltura Bride Powers.
land FortKs. Mrs. Burrs. Mr. and Mrs.
Shotwell. Mr. nr,d Mrs. Romalne. Benjamin
H'.rraine. Mr. and Mrs. Frederic Palmer, the
Mljfeg Van Wyck. Mr. Rosenqulst, Robert
I'orter. Bothweli Hyde. Mrs. Malcolm Henry.
Dr. ar.d Mrs. George Ebrlirht. Mr. and Mrs.
¦U'iiliani Greer Harrison, Miss Harrison, Miss
Co5.£r»ve. Mrs. n. H. Davenport. Mr. and
Mrs. Joserh Marks. M!s» Thompson. Mr. Over-
Ftrert. Chsrles K. Field, James D. Phelan. R.
H. Hofalinjr. Georre Lane. Mr. and Mrs. Dan
fortli Boardman. William Collier. Dr. Arnold
*^rithe Hari-ey Crovell, Mr. ar.d Mrs. James
D^rajn. Will Denman. Mr. and Mrs. W. H.
Ml!!i>. Herman Pcheffauer. Mr. and Mrs. Geftrge
Fferlir.F. Tom Rar.some. Miss Strunsky. Miss
The SrQuola Cluh-the nw organisa
tion of salonic tendencies— held its first
function latt night at the tit. FVancls.
Tho affair had Itr-cn dipl-'niatically an
ntWinced as informal — therefore was
• there a fascinating lot of nien to talk
to. And that's a £ood beginning for
any club. Men and money are two
necessary Hements of success and both
vore tangibly near last night.
More than K>0 men and women gath
ered In the red and gold drawing-room,
the most of whom were exponents of th<>
arts or the professions. But the truth
to tell, the smart set, many of whom
were present at the initiatory gather
ing early in Slay, was appallingly scarce
— but, of course, it was the early pil
grimage to the pines or seashore rather
than disinclination to mingle with mere
artists and mksters and the rest of
the ilk who earn money that produced
the Stygian void.
The members and guests were re
ceived in charming fashion by Presi
dent Aiken, Mrs. Albert Gerberding,
John McXaught. Consul Courtenay
Bennett and William Greer Harrison—
ths guiding star Miss Ednah Robinson,
however, was conspicuously absent
from the receiving line.
Altbouph without crystallization of
energy much cheery chatter was heard
through the rooms, and many were the
types of guests that sauntered about.
Likewise was the merry Jingle of coin
heard to tinkle to the chatter. It being
yood form in the Sequoia for the mem
bers to become- persona grata with the
treasurer — the initiation fee of two dol
lar* for charter members and dues of
60 cents per month rolling up quite a
propitiatory 6um. The initiation fee, by
the way, will be raised to $10 atjer the
l&lh — so haste thee, salon-sigheris^est
ye be taxed $10 that ye may walk in
the groves of the learned and the gay
and the gifted. Among those w*io have
announcrd their intention of joining the
Sequoia are: 'i ;*% ;
Dr. anJ Mrs. U L. Dunbar, Mr. asd Mr*.
G*orpe Epeny. Mr. and Mrs. C. P. Robinson,
Earl Wales. Mits Fara Dean, Mr. and Mrs.
"W. B. Cratg. Mr. and Mrs. Frederic Innes.
V.rr. E- W. Steels. Misg lieFsie Mills. Miss
Evelyn Norwood. Mr. and Mrs. Paul Klder.
Urs J. It. Jarboo. Or. and Mrs. Oscar Mans-.
J*ldt. Ktsa I*.>uda Stebbine. Miss Helen Rob
inson, Mr. and Mrs. F. G. Sanborn, Frank
Oweti. Miss Alice Owen. Mr. and Mrs. \V. S.
GoocStVllow. Mr. BigBcnftaff. Mr. end Mrs.
Hur.tcr Harrison. Mr. and Mrs. Pbillp Sidney
Howe, 1'rofetsor and Dr. Moore. Mr. Chani
berlaJn. Mre. May Mott Smith-Bird. Mr. and
V.rs. William Keith. Professor and Mrs.
Charles M. Gaylcy. Mr*. David Blxler. Mrs.
B. F. N-irrit. Mr. a^.d Mrs. Franklin K. Lan.\
Mrs. Albert Gerbcrdlrg Mr. and Mrs. W. R.
Wheeler. Mr. and Mrs. \V. C Morrow. Mr.
a.::d Mrs. Olcton Day. Mrs. Monroe Salisbury,
iliss Mary Bell, Miss Alic* Klein. Mips
Dax-esjort. Dr. ard Mrr. E. S. Fowler.
Dr. and Mrs. /Gilbert Graham, Mr. and
Mrs. H. li. Montacue. Mrs. Wheeler, i
M!k Grrtrurte Wheeler. Dr. Harry Graham.
Mr. enci Mr?. Will Ir»in. Mrs. Fernando
Tflnpst. Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Smith, Mr.
airi Mrs. Warren Gregory. Mr. and Mrs. Her
man Whlttaker. Mr. er.d Mn>. Walter Camp
hell Mrs. J. M. i'ierce. Mr. and Mrs. TJiomaa
Richard. Miss Maude Wrllendorf, Dr. and Mrs. :
Georpe H. Palmer. Professor and Mrs. E. J. :
Wlckson. Miss Edna Wickson, Miss Enid WIN '
Vairis. Mr. ar.d Mrs. J. B. R. Cooper, R. W. ,
Oorrill. Mr. and Mrs. Wall. John Howell. Misi ;
H>«.rri>»t Itevy. Mr. and Mrs. Fairfax Wheelan, i
?!:t.s Alice Ch'.ttendrn Wallace Sabln. H. E. j
l'lunnei! Mr. O'Callaehan. Curtis Hillyer. Mis* '
I-:i%-- V. OTtyan. F. A. Healy. Mlsn Carol |
]>a>. Mir? Ethel Moure. Duncan McDuffie. Dr. I
pr.'i Mrs. Phiiip Kinp Brown, the Misses Schus- i
s!cr. Miss Delany. Mi«=s Ethel Lincoln, Charles \
l>u;tra. Dr. Betnhardt, Dr. and Mrs. Stanley !
Ftil!ir.an. Mr. «nd Mrs. Jesse Ltilienthal. Uw
rrace Rising. Miss Alice Rising, the Mis^'« ;
Butler. Dr. William Frederic Bade, Miss
KHthorine Spiers the Misses Partin&ton, ;
Mr. White, Mr. and Mrs. I>}u!s H. '
Hrehm. Mr. and airs. S. M. Van Wyck,
Mr. and 'Hn. John McXaught, Mis»
Miriam Micheleon, Mr. Schumacher,
Mr ar.1 Mrs. Fremont Older. the Misses
«.fpal]azhan. Miss Syle. Miss LJlIian Moller.
Hr.' and Mrs. Chauncey Boardman, Tloyden i
Wil!'.R?nson. Mr. Lombard, Mr. and Mrs. L. !
II. I>nnf:. Ma\-nard Dlxon. Joseph N. Thomas.
Professor end Mrs. C. C. Plena, Mr. and Mrs.
Asljtun Stevens. Professor and Mrs. Alexis
I-sr-ie, Miss Grare Dibble. Mr. and Mrs.
A<io!ph Graupner. Mr. and Mrs. Albert Alken,
<1iar>s Turner. Brooks Palmer. Gaston Rous
fv, llise Hen>y. Miss Winifred Morgan. Mr.
and Mrs. Walter Starr. Mr. and Mrs. F. L.
KiOKi Mr. and Mrs. Charles Keeler. Miss Wil
liams.' Dr. Raymond Russ. Mr. and Mrs. D.
v.'. Horsbursh. Jame* Horsburfh, Beverly
I>etc1)er, . C. C. Cunningham. Austin Lewis,
Lloyd OsTwurne. Mr. and Mrs. Harry Houirh
ton. MIks Kathrj-ne Dillon. Mr. and Mrs.
.T. ?. Ueld. Mr. and Mrs. Fry. Mr. and
Mrs. W. E. Colby. Mr. and' Mrs. Cleve-
SAYS CITY MUST
RETURN FUNDS
FINE DISPLAY
BY UNIVERSITY
ElLslia Brooks Gives Parch
ments to His Last Class
at Girls' High School
FORTY MAIDENS
TAKE DIPLOMAS
MANY ATTEND
RECEPTION OF
SEQUOIA CLUB
THE 'SAN FRANCISCO CALE, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 8' 1904.
For Sale — Stock In Metropolitan Laun
dry Co. — $5000. 49 shares of preferred
Flock and 23 shares, of common stock.
Joseph F. Clark. 48 Market St., City. •
HTXES GETS ESTATE.— Public Adminis
trator U. J. Hynes was yesterday appointed
¦dminlstrator of the estate of Palacla Maria
Krzyzaaowckl. which, eince the death of the
Polish woman, has been almost continuously
In court. The appointment was made by
Jvigt Kerrigan, who cJ*o made Charles Rlck
tnan aiJminl6tra.tor of the estate of his father.
Charles Itlckman. Both estates are more or
lees mixed. rUcVrman ha%-Jnc Inherited most
©f his property from Mrs. KrzyzanowEki.
fornia's oleaginous display Is not ready.
Filcher claims that the Creamery As
sociation promised to supply all" the
material necessary. It sent 500 pounds
for the statue, but 500 pounds more is
needed.
"When we first asked the association
for, butter," said Filcher. "it sent a
committee to us and the members
swelled up and wanted all sorts of
positions for men' to attend to the dis
play here. We told them all we wanted
was the butter. They sent 500 pounds
and then when we needed the other
BOO they wrote on that they wouldn't
supply any more.' That was because
somebody -wanted a job. Secretary
Sailor wrote that we needed somebody
to look after the, details of the butter
exhibit. • I wrote back and said 'Yes:
we ought. to hire you; all you've don#
is • to send on modeling' butter that
won't do for modeling.'
: "I have been promised 100 pounds of
butter already by Woodla»d creamery
and think I can set the rest."
Commissioner Filcher will also,- see
about-ehlpments of fresh fruit for ex
hibition purposes. He will be accom
panied' on his return by his wife and
daughter. -
A new addition to the family quar
tered at the California building is Miss
Eva May Wiggins, of Indiana, niece of
Commissioner Wiggins. She is officiat
ing behind the counter. When the
building first opened Mr3. G. H. Hecke
of Woodland volunteered her services
and did valiant work in this position.
Mrs. George C. Roeding and Mrs.
Charles 'Wyer of Fresno also assisted
In making people feel at home during
the opening rush. Miss Wiggins has
•never 1 visited California, but' hopes to
after all she has seen of it here.
EXHIBITS OP FRUIT.
5
This splendid premlnm will
be offered 10 Call _snbscrlberg at
the exceptionally Tow rate of 50
cents per copy. Out of town
orders 25 rents additional to
coi'er prepayment of transporta-
tion charges. -\
Tbe Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on August
30, 1001, and all 'readers of this
paper who desire a copy of tills
household treasure should not
fail to place their order im-
mediately.
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
¦CLOSE AUGUST
30, 190k
A3PVEBTISEMENT8.
ARTISTIC FIJRNITtJRE
Conspicuous in our immense display of
Furniture are the celebrated BERKEY and
GAY pieces, for which we are the sole
agents. Well built and beautifully : finish-
ed, this Furniture includes reproductions;
of many classical pieces;;of merit. ;Qur>
prices are reasonable; in instances 1 ,
lower than elsewhere : : : : V : r :
•FURNITURE -CARPETS - RUGS -DRAPERIES-
114-122 POST -S^REEvT
ADVXE.TISE2CENT3. ;.
¦ " - ' ' ' — .:...:¦¦-¦ - ¦ ¦* -* . , . „
of the suffering and danger in store for her, rob3 the expectant mother
of all pleasant anticipations of the coming event, and casts over her x
shadow of gloom Trhich cannot be shaken off. Thousands of -vromen
have found that the use. of Mother's Friend during pregnancy robs
confinement of all pain and danger, and insures safety to life'of mother
and child. This scientific liniment is a god-send to all women at the
time of their most critical trial. Not only does Mothcr*s Friend
carry women safely through the perils of child-birth, but its a3d
gently prepares the system for the coming event, prevents "morning
6ickne«s," and other dis- „.„_ .<«!¦».
$1.00 per bottle. Book _ ___
containing valuable infornration free. ffl^ME^ffiil^^ff &TW
Tb« Br«4field RcguUfr Co., AU«iUi,G^ B BT&Bmtm OW §LM .
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
| Annual Loom End Ribbon Saio |
¦ ¦¦ I I tfWL m 0bMH mm -*?
| j^^^ss^^ ESGggsns Yhss iWsss*ff^is^s^ |
? ""mW'I^sJs^^^s^^^ Thousands of yards of clean, crisp, fresh, \
i ¦ desirable ribbon, in all the fancy colorings, have
S Wwm^WmFiAw^^^^ come t0 us in the sha P e of MiI1 Ends > at !ess %
i Mml^^Wim t35L than half the re s uIar cost : ;
S w* *^?3? Loom or Mill Ends represent the manufac- *
g |v^|L^%^ turers' clipping after the full quality woven is *
g vqvns^. , p U t up in the regular 10-yard bolts, the balance J
J being remnants or so-called "Mill Ends." These Mill Ends vary in length from %
g 1 to 6 yards and in width from sto 6 inches. The assortment includes all of the -J
£ popular weaves — taffetas, satin taffetasr satin liberties, etc., and are worth from 5
K 10c to 60c a yard." Beginning to-day and during balance of week we offer: J
!*" Loom Ends, i-inrh ribbom, y»rd. . . . 3q 2%, 3-inch and 3^-inch ribbons, yard-. So £
j£ ' x %* xX A anc * l *A inch "kt>ons, yard . . 5o Ali 3# t0 4 ' ncJl » bb0DS # J**&* . . . 13o '*
S i^» 2-inch and 2^-inch ribbons, yard . 7q \±}4> \H aa( * 5 inch » b bons, yard. . . 17o j«
tt All the 5 »4 to 6 inch ribbons, yard 27 C > *
I A Wash Goods Saie Another important Saie |
$ That You Should Not Miss • $
I if Ginghams 7c, Percaies 9c L&diBS* QSoveS 22& I
! *>* A though we have held so many. large and successful '. ,%
i *• wash goods tales this season our stock of good things in Our « ctive Newr York buyer se- Fsw^rsaag .«
»f this department is by no means exhausted, as to-day's cured "other large let of women t prune ggggg| :«i
X price-cutting demonstration on reliable staple fabrics quality lisle Thread Gloves that fit and ££^£332 £
!$ will fully prove look like Suede Gloves, the most durable ?^p?^ *
jg Standard 12^c" Percales-Good cloth, a full yard °f all summer g^ves, which we .hall ggj gg J
5 wide; in light, medium and dark pattern,,, triped and' *% ?*<*<>* sale to-day— and Thursday also .J
ijf priated effects; on sale in main , We to-day, y»rd .. & G if >antlty lasts- at UsS than half j>rtce. p j $
K n>< ? j l c i_ • These gloves are in all of the popular / Jfl "5
«. Suitin 8 €fn 8 hams-C!o,ely woven dressy w..h ftbr,c.. * J/^ \ I] J
ft su table lor tuits, waists and children, wear, good mm •uuiiiiw wu.wu, // ;' ,*
|$ style., neat effects; broken lot, that were ioe to 1 S c gO black, sizes 5^ to 7 % ', just the glove // jg
¦ jf s^a yard, on sale to-day in main aisle . yoa are looking for if you are going to -A _ .J
Jf A good f4.5oB:d Spread for. ..._.. $2.9S the country where you will need many ]" %
fm A ) 1. SO crocheted full size Bed Spread for.. $1.13 . % . r-r rt I %
$ 5-!b. Woo! Brown Blanket,, pair .... $3.95 - ?""'> W °" h l llIe 912 ff* \ U l ,/ *
If Heavy grade Camping BlanketJ, pair. . ..$1.75 ' ' price— pair Mm*m %* ¦ '/ J« . j
I ¦ ¦^AXw 1 ' \Cfe*r*noo Costumes JS"Ltt a^: *
J Shams ana «cp 7 - n «oo ff « cn « 7 e Giassware, %
!| Scarfs 27c ** z '*£ S3 2.50, f^'SO, S7S undernriced %
1 Pretty Lawn and Swiss Worth Up lO &165.UU Mason's Fruit Jars- Smooth top, £
$ Scarfs and Squares, cm- \. W 3 have planned to sell every high-priced costume b «tmade: -J
£ broidercd in colors, in at- this week and have repriccd each gown regardless of cost Pint,, dozen ... %
t tractive conventional dc- or value * Onl y an immense business like ours can sustain Quartz, dozen .. 53o £
v siens that can be used for suc^ los »e* »» we are taking on these handsome creations, Ij-gallon, dozen . 67c £
if- JL,w «ri.m« table covers whicQ have served well their purpose as model garments Jelly Tumblers -Smcoth top, "j
i iiiSiflli! "^ *«• *** --- .p.-o.ng.Li cu,. %^gk0>i :?
g re«u,, «c— chbict $<"= P T 't . """." 1. £" !" m P Ie5 of the "" P ""° SS: Ponch Bowl-to" , a »d..« n = 5
J, — ¦— ¦ — ¦ — ¦"¦¦ ¦" "™ ~""™ J 62. 50 Crepe de Chbe Gown $32.50 Berry Dishes, or ice cream, — jj
*" f€haM SliitS SsS.ooCrepedeChme Gown $27. SO instead of 50c dozen, esch . 3o &
I Boys-Youths Saie Tailor Suits $14.90 J:^*": 1 ™* *'£ 5
'J £1.45— $1.50 »«tf»«nrer'i entire sample line of jaunty "wajking die*es. ** Ifcrrv Bowls ... >2c *
k Besides these »upenor rough rider our own ttock to complete the size assortment; the teason , new- .- ; nf v,, «' 'i
* suits, trimmed soldier fashion e« Eton blouse and coat ,uit effects, m matures, canvas cloth?, *"* ,*
V -fc a f k .4fn»Av«™ nistralf, cheviot, and plain cloths; all at O*-€ J§ g%g% Water Tumblers— Thin b'own, v
J. wth red, for boy. 4 to 14 >«", » &gZf m &U «8«* ei with FI;ur d = Lh i in - *
•f we have nut got in a new lot f ¦ y *tead of $1 dozen .. . . 65c -*
?» ¦ , „ . /• j 1 Alterations on above extra. g ,, . „;„. Breakfast <;-t &
J, with Norfolk jackets and long _ *3 C 4"P iece Hrealctast bvt . .
I |Sf#Sr2Eliil Groceries and Liquors ' * 3c %
J the compete suit . . .$1.4-5 For Vacation Trips Hurd's Fine I<
i I^Sro 1^ /l y g e S c|«fe%^« 3V&V and Thursday Stationery 5
J^ holiday; complete ,uit . $1.5O Ccrn Meal — Best Eastern yellow, 10-lb. sack . 22c 7C QuirC 3»
g ' . . Royal Baking Powder— *-lb. tins . .... . .37c Best quality in satin, '*
J Ladies' 'Summer Assorted Soups - Campbell's, W. G. M., and IXL, prr dozen, Ii aen , fabric and vellum fin- X
I Underwear Oy *fr?r Y \S^», tin'. *. /: : ; * * .' .\\' 2 uo ishci - aI ! coIors ; "^ \
\ 25C a Garment Sardines-Extra packed in good oil, z tins 25O 2 > C a alrc ' M - d »7. • 7C j»
K The very best Swiss nbbed Pure Rye Whiskies -Herald or Paul Jones, selling regularly a t Si- Envelopes to match, *2
I E g ypn.nco,,o n ..... «ri . r^'^Z^^'X^ a : ! ; : ' ! SUOO »" k '^ 7o \
* pants we ever saw retailed National Club Whisky— Sour mash, instead of I4.00 gallon— for Kara Linen -Fine fabric paper, ,%
f at the' price — the vests high the three day, $3.15 and the $z. 00 bottles 75c in new ihapes, white, blue and .J
£ neck, long and ihort Budweiser Beer-Pints, dc,., $1.35; quarts, doz., . $2.25 P»T. abou* 90 sheet, to J
£ , - ' 6 ; . 4 Ginger Ale— Utopia, for the two days, dozen $1.15 th= P 0021 " 1 ; P 00 "* 1 • ¦ *«C >r
J. sleeves P«» . «W~« He f n2 . s Pickl e, 1 Plain or Hunt', Tomatoes-E.trfJd Envelope, to match, , padc- H
jj or «nkle length, patten dozen $ $1iO£, "- tin, a * M • *' • '. 1 * V 5 ? 5
JC finished scams, a'so knee- bottle '. # . . . * f5 ' \ \ r?25o ~ 35C ?° x " Eaton Hurlbert • .«
| length pants, lace trimmed Baked Bean,-W. G. M. Ca.ifornU Cheesellb TSo S
J white only. IXL or Andersen',; dozen Red Salmon— Hume Bros., i- __,,, mm^ mmm — mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm mm^ •*
!V ' $1.1O,i>n lOO lb. tins, dozen $1.65, O^r^S^m^mm^S^ "%
V CrUSh Leather Best Eastern Rolled Oars or each /5 O t\Gi f w lfJCr m aiOF m V
K BeitS 5OC 9 60C aOfomii Crean What- Life Buoy Soap- 5 ban, 25O fO7~ $8.50 *
K 1/ :~-U' y^t^mr K* t. lb . . . 3O Lemon Su«ar — A lemonade w T^» , r ., . V
tf 3^-mch leather bets . BKm -V*tJ*tt m ,Ib..l8c a minute, i-lb. tins. . 18o U " * 8 °° d fzm^ 8I2S » *
* with or without linings, and _ the walls have non-con- X
g gold-plated harness buckles, " Ah *rx&> ynf* f ducting air space, insulated jj
j J^ in an assortment of colors, VV^ Ss* ~~~f '£.** * throughout with charcoal j
J including brown, black, tL^J^Jpj^Q^f/j^f^y'JJJffjr *h=athing, lined with zinc, S
tC blue, green, white, cream; # £ < /fc/» > ###y#^ r _, > holds 25 pounds of ice tnd \
If extra value* at . j. ... CAUFORNia-s jj^^^,^^*'***"^ is an ice-saver, an extra good &
i> ... -5Oc and 60c "^1^0^^ AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORS value at our price $8.50 "?
J . . \ \S
'A'AWA'*'AWA'*4°*A 4'4"*'**4* W«fc*ra«*W« ******* '*A*M'4**'*'* ******* *****As the postal regulations prohibit
the soliciting of, business for a post
office with ; the object of having the
postmaster's pay Increased, Leydecker
found himself in a serious predicament
and is still there. Nissen also accuses
Leydecker of occasionally buying the
stamps himself in order to keep up the
receipts of his office and then peddling
the stamps out.
It has reached Alameda from au-
8OLICITIXG FROlimiTKD.
Nissen In his charges accused Ley
decker of soliciting the sale of stamps
outside of Alameda in order tv In
crease the receipts of his . office and
thereby Increase his salary, as the lat
ter is rated upon the basis of the cash
business transacted at me postofflce.
Nissen furnished the postal authorities
with letters in which Leydecker had
asked persons to purchase stamps in
Alameda, and "also receipts for . some
t-f the sales. It is held by the postal
authorities that in accordance with
the normal sale of stamps the post
master of Alameda is entitled to a sal
ary of about $2500 a year, but that
Leydecker had, through soliciting the
sale of stamps on the outside, increased
his salary to 52900 a year.
ALAMEDA, June 7.— Postmaster T.
W. Leydecker's position is said to be,
in Jeopardy as a result or charges filed
against him with the Postmaster Gen
eral by G. A. Nissen, who was retired
from the local , postofflce staff on
charges preferred against him by Ley
decker. T. G. Daniell?, editor of the
Alameda Argus, it is afiirmed by those
high in political councils, is to bs
named as postmaster in the event "of
Leydecker'a removal, which is regarded
as very probable.
"I have not received official informa
tion as to the result of the Investiga
tion of the charges against me and am
not worrying over the matter. I un
derstand that there are a number of
people in Alameda seeking my office. I
do not consider it as being significant
that the postal authorities have not
disposed of the charges against me as
quickly as they did of the charges I
preferred against Nissen."
It was found In the Investigation by
Fourlh Assistant Postmaster General
Rristow that because of the manner In
which the receipts of the Alameda
postofflce had been Increased by out
pide soliciting of the sale of stamps
the Alameda Postmaster, had re
ceived about $000 more than he was en
titled to. " This money, it is said, has
been returned to the Postofflce Depart
ment by Loydecker. When seen con
cerning the charges against him, Ley
decker said:
thoritative sources that Fourth As
sistant Postmaster General Bristow,
who conducted the investigation of the
charges made by Nissen against Ley
decker, fuund . that most of them were
true and decided that under the law
the Postmaster should be removed.
Leydeeker's friends then came to
his aid and went to Congressman Vic
tor H. Metcalf on behalf of the accused
Postmaster. The Congressman asked
tho Postofllee Department for a full
copy of the charges and findings, to be
examined by him. These are now in
Mr. Metoalf's possession ana he has in
formed the friends of Leydecker that
he will fully and fairly investigate the
charges against the Postmaster and
make known the result later.
MONEY IS RETURNED.
POSTM\6THR OF ALAMEDA. WHO MAY BE DISMISSED AS 'THE RESULT OP
fHAROES PRKFERREI? AGAINST HIM, AND THE MAN WHO MAY- BE "
NAMED TO SUCCEED HIM.
Notice. — Our name I* not In the tele
tibone book. When you want Bekin's
V»n ana Storage Company, call for Main
.ih, 1016 Broadway.
A gallon of water a day is, drunk' by
every Japanese who practice, as near-'
ly all do, the gymnastics know.i as jiu
jitsu.
OAKLAND, June 7.— The City
Council has , adopted- a resolution ' : of
intention to continue the improvement
of Telegraph :avenuej from. Fortieth to
Fifty-second street and Shattuck ave
nue from Telegraph avenue to Fifty
first street.
Will Continue Improvements.
.OAKLAND, June .7:— Suit for : di
vorce was begun to-day, by Sarah . E.
PrUsso against^ Louis E.''Prusso on the
ground of desertion. Elizabeth LI Holt
was granted al divorce v torday - fromi
Arthur E. -Holt -on the ground of
neglect and allowed to '. resume her
maiden name of Do well.
Unhappy .Wives.
ALAMEDA, June 7.— Colonel J. J.
Tobln. Colonel E..W. Maslin' and: Colo
nel CJeorge C. Babcock will address
the Alameda Advancement Association
aX its meeting to be held in the City
Hall to-morrow night. The proposed
amendment ' to the by-laws ¦¦ to ¦ change
the regular meeting night of the or
ganization from Wednesday to Mon
day will come ud for action ;
Will Addreeg. Advancers.
OAKLAND, June 7.- — The funeral of
Frank Irvine, who was accidentally
killed oh the steamer ,'Ve'ntura, on
which he was working as an oiler, was
held to-day^ from Oak Chapel in Pied
mont/ the Rev. Miles B. Fisher of
ficiating. .The ; deceased . was a ' native
of this city ' and ; made his home * with
his mother and brother at 82 Linda
avenue. He was but 20 years of a^e
at the time of his death.
Funeral of Frank Irvine.
OAKLAND, June 7.— The will of the
late Samuel L. Baird was filed for pro
bate with the County Clerk to-day.
His estate is valued at about $7OOoi
which he bfyucAths, share and share
alike, to the following eight nephews
and nieces: Edward E., Frederick G.,
Benjamin A.. Clara E.. Herbert A. H.
and Daisy E. Baird. Hattie R. Ward
and Cora E. Williams.
BAird Will Filed.
OAKLAND. June. 7 .7— Rhoda A.
Hunt, who two years ago deserted
by William Hunt six days after their
wedding at Portland, dismissed a di
vorce suit she had begun against him
to-day and it is said they have be
come reconciled. She first filed her
suit in San Francisco, but It was after
ward transferred here. Hunt lives
here and made an answer and in their
negotiations their differences were for
gotten.
Wins Husband Back.
Says Shooting Wns Threatened.
. ¦ OAKLAND, June 7. — August Man
pin, residing at Hawthorne street and
Broadway, -was arrested this ¦ after
hbon on complaint of Harry Middle
ton, a boy, who claims Mangin aimed
a' pistol at • him and threatened to kill
him. Mlddleton said he was nailing
boards on a fence in his back yard
when Mangin approached and threat:
ened to shoot the boy unless ne de
sisted. ' -^ ' ¦
[..OAKLAND, June^7.*— -The graduates
of the Polytechnic High School are as
follows:
I: B. H. liallard. C. P. Baudln. A. D. Bor
(len. J. C. Bowden,: Neva P. Brown, Joseph
Cooper, E. P. ¦ Cpwell. Jeanme Cuvelller,
Ixiulse G. Donahue. Alexander M: Everett. F.
T. Fish, F. «M . Frohn. Jeanette M. Gacclarlno,
Martha E. Hollla, Itft K. Hollls, Edith; J.
Jones. Myrtle B. Hammerton, K. H. Reefer,
C..R. Keefer/ Elleabeth Ej Laird, Thomas H.
Lloyd. Ida B. MacDonald.-R. W.;Mau P. L.
Merrlt, Mabel A." Mualadin. Helena H. Perry,
E.- C. Pierre. Harriet E. Reed, Ina O. Robin.
«w>n, Ruby M. Rosenberg. Paul S. . Swanson.
Hazel \VelIn. W. S.- Whitney, Margaret XV.
"Wlnn.-E. F. Wltherly. , . •
, Polytechnic School Graduates.
OAKLAND, June 7.— The Grand
Jury wan in sesnion this morning and
is preparing to.mak~e its report. Su
pervisors John Mitchell and Joseph
Kelly were before the body in relation
to the amount of money spent by the
Board of Supervisors. .
Gardener Cobb was blamed for al
lowing the lawns to die. His excuse
was that there were intended Improve
ments which if carried out will neces
sitate the digging up of the grass.
John Bowles, C. A. Jeffries and
George Taylor were called in refer
ence to the letting of printing in the
Fruitvale School District.
Wants to Know About County'Money.
'Courthouse Gardener Spends Un
comfortable Hour.
' BERKELEY, June 7. — The First
Congregational , Church has called to
its vacant pulpit the Rev. W. H. Hop
kins of Poughkeepsie, N. Y.. whose
consent to come to California was
lately secured by a committee of the
church. \ The call will lbe formally is
sued to him at a meeting of the con
gregation to-morrow night. The pul
pit of the First Congregational Church
has been vacant since the resignation
of the Rev. George Cr Hatch, a year
ago. i, -
Calls Eastern Minister.
OAKLAND, June 7. — The funeral of
Abner H. Stocker, senior member of
the abstract firm of Stocker &. Hol
land, who died Sunday evening, was
held this afternoon at 2 o'clock from
the family residence, 1505 Webster
ptreet. The services were conducted
by the Rev. William Carson Shaw,
rector of the Church of the Advent
in' East Oakland. The Elks' Quartet
rendered several selections. The fol
lowing, acted as pallbearers: Du Ray
Smith, Charles H. Ayers, H. S. Halsey
W. H. Parriuh, D. W. Hitchcock and
Fred E. Whitney. The remains were
incinerated at the Oakland Crema
tor} 1 . .
A- IL Stockcr Laid to Rest.
GRAND JURY MAKING
UP ITS FINAL REPORT
OAKLAND, June 7. — The Danish
firm of L. Lange- & H. P. Jensen &
Co. has begun a suit in the courts
here to recover the money stolen from
the firm j by Julius A. Jorgensen and
deposited in two Oakland banks. "Th^
action filed to-day is against. the Cen
tral Bank for $3300. As much more
was deposited by Jorgensen in the
Union Savings Bank.
Jorgensen eloped from Denmark
with his stenographer, taking $11,000 of
the plaintiff firm's money. He came
to America 'and traveled leisurely with
his companion and his two children,
which he took from their mother,
across the continent and settled quiet
ly at Berkeley under the name of J.'
Hahnefeldt. ,He was discovered by
detectives and arrested,
* He had deposited the money in two
different: banks and still had about
$70001eft;wheij apprehended. He as
signed his. interest in the, money to
his attorneys and it has been In litiga
tion ever ~ since. . •.
Danish Firm From Which It Was
Taken by the Cashier Begins
' \ : ¦ Suit to Recover.
WANTS THE MONEY
.fORGENSEN STOLE
..Mayor Olney.is also of the opinion
that a feasible scheme may yet be
evolved by which the Bay Cities Com
pany's resources may be utilized. '
One plan under consideration is
based on a scheme for the company to
develop a supply, construct a plant
and distributing system , -under ' a
franchise that would be a lease,' with
option qf ultimate purchase resting
With the city. _
OAKLAND, June 7. — The. Bay Cities
Water Company has a new proposition
to make to the city. touching the" leas
ing or sale of a municipal water sup
ply to- Oakland. Councilman Altken
has been in conference with represen
tatives of the company on the subject;
He believes that a proposal will be
submitted within ten day?. '; '" " ' j.
Proposes to Establish Water Plant
and Lease to City, With Pur
chu»e Option.
BERKELEY. June 7. — C. R. Carick
of the stockyards district was arrested
this afternoon on the complaint of
J. P. Mickelson, financial secretary of
Local Union No. 1808, Brotherhood of
Carpenters and Joiners of America,
who charged that he embezzled $23 50
of the union's money. The accused Is
charged with having taken the money
while acting as financial secretary for
the union in March last. He was tak
en before Justice Edgar, who fixed his
bail at $250, which was furnished by
B. W. Alden and Fred Nancamo.
Union Man Gets Into'Trouble.
OAKLAND, June 7.— Dr. E. R. Dille,
pastor of the First Methodist Church,
has decided to remain in Oakland and
his decision was announced by him
last.night at. the meeting of the board
of officials of the church. Dr. Dille
stated that the petition from the
members of the congregation request
ing him to continue as- pastor of the
church had influenced him to continue
in his .work in this city. 'After making
the announcement ' of his ¦ choice Dr.
Dille received the assurance of hearty
Support from the' officials of the
church. ;¦-.-. . #
Public announcement of Dr. Dille's
decision will be made to the "congre
gation at the regular weekly meetirlg
to-morrow 'evening. a
He Will Work With the First
.Methodist Church.
Dr. Dillc. Mnkcx Announcement .That
PASTOR DECIDES TO
REMAIN IN OAKLAND
BAY CITIES COMPANY
WILL MAKE NEW OFFER
OALAND, June 7.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-daj': George H.
Thomas, over 21, and Margaret J.
Flynn. over 18. both of Oakland; Har
ry McDole, 25, and Julia Baren, 35.
both of San Francisco; James J. Oates.
over 21. and Hattle Kendall, over 18,
both of San Francisco; Frederick
Scantlebury. over 21, and Frances
Oasselman, over 18, both of San Fran
«isco; Harry Radcliffe, over 21, and
Marion Bedger, over 18, both of San
Francisco; John H. M. Flathmann, 30,
Oakland, and Lily Baker, 23, Berke
ley: Clarence W. Chamberlain. 29,
and Jessie Higgins, 20, both of San
Francisco; Wilbur Orr, 23, and Mil
dred D. Gould, 20. both of Sacramen
to; Albert Newell, 22. El Paso, and
Elvira COoley, 20. Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
BERKELEY, June. 7.— The term at
St. Joseph's Academy came to a close
to-night with exercises in St. Joseph's
Hall. There was a programme j of
music and literary numbers followed
by a four-act farce that was enjoyed
by a large number of friends of the
pupils. The entertainers were Hugh
Knowlton. Harry Seekamp, E. L.
Thomas, M. O'Connell, F. A. Ber
theaud. J. E. Cain, J. W. Rowe, Clif
ton Rose, Clemente Jevete. John Car
ney and B. A. Elwell.
School Closes for Boys.
The new disease manifests itself by
a sudden wilting of the vine. This
wilting has been found to result from
A fungus growth that attacks the
roots. Five acres out of one patch of
forty acres at San Miguel were de
stroyed' by the wilt last month, and
another patch of two hundred acres
near Paso de Robles ehows signs of
being affected.
The scientists of California will deal
with the disease in the same way that
it is dealt with in the East. This con
sists in treating the ground with sul
phur before the- seeds are planted, so
that the fungus spores will be destroy
ed. Besides this the seeds themselves
will be dipped in a solution of copper
sulphate In order to protect them.
Melon wilt is the name of a deadly
disease that has just made its appear
ance among the watermelon patches
in this State. It has long been the
terror of Eastern melon growers, but
It was successfully staved off in Cali
fornia until thta year. In order to pre
vent its spread the scientists of the
University of California have been ap
pealod to and Professor Ralph E. Smith
and Warren T. Clarke of the agricul
tural college are taking the first steps
toward its extermination.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
"2148 Center street, June 7.
OAKLAND, June 7. — Jamts A. Mor
row, president of the Pacific Metal
Works of San Francisco, residing at
710 Thirty-fourth street, was elected
to-night a member of the Oakland
Free Library Trustees to fill the va
cancy caused by the death of George
S. Evans.
Trustee Morrow is an almunus of
the University of California, having
b*en graduated with the class of 1879,
of which Governor George C. Pardee
mi a member. Besides his active
business associations. Mr. Morrow is a
book lover and has been a collector of
valuable .publication* for many years.
He is accounted a bibliophile of more
then local repute.
Fre* Library Tnu»tPes" Elect James A.
Morrow to Fill Vacancy Caused
by Death.
SUCCESSOR CHOSEN
TO GEORGE S. EVANS
Disease That Long Terror
ized the East Now Shows
Itself in California Patches
The ordinance provides for a fire
wall between stage and auditorium;
for asbestos or fireproof metal cur
tains; for draught flues above the
stage; for standpipes, water buckets,
hose and other flre. fighting apparatus.
Provision is also made against the use
of combustibles on stages. The or
dinance was drawn by Attorney Reed
after consultation 'with prominent ar
chitects. It has been referred to the
Ordinance and Judiciary Committee
of the Council.
OAKLAND, June 7. — At the request
of the City Council, Attorney George
W. Reed has prepared a new ordi
nance to regulate the construction of
theaters, touching protection against
fire. ;..'.*;<••.¦'¦ * ¦- ,< : - ¦:''-:.
Attorney Reed Draws a New Ordi
nance for Theater Regulation at
¦¦; :•<*,,!¦¦'¦ Council's Request-
MAKES PROVISION FOR
MUCH FIRE PROTECTION
MELON GROWERS'
ENEMY APPEARS
OAKLAND, June 7.— Ye Liberty
stock company made a great hit last
night in its first appearance In Broad
hurst's great comedy "What Hap
pened to Jones," and a large audience
greeted the Initial production of the
piece. George Bloomauest. in the title
role, tock the fancy of. the audience
at oncej and his Interpretation of .'the
part was heartily applauded.' 7 : '.
Frank Bacon as ' the much-abused
professor was well received, as was
Miss Louise Brownell. The other mem
bers of the company also made a good
impression on the audience. The play
was well staged and should have a
good run for the rest of the week.
tion of Broadhurst's Comedy,
"What Happened to Jones."
I^arjre Audience Attends First Prodnc-
NEW COMPANY OPENS
AT YE LIBERTY THEATER
Selection by Lund'n Mandolin Club: welcome
by Alexanderine Leve; response by Walter Wle
»<rri; eighth grade clans song. "Merry June":
rlano solo. Soott Brewer: vocal polo, Irene
Uva, "AnfKT"; piano eolo, Edrr.ond Wolff.
••Convent Bells"; class prophecy. Albert Chris
tophersor.: vocal solo. Clara Galloway, "Swiss
&-ho fc-ong"; flute solo. Mr. Taylor; (ilano solo.
Erms Pr*>K "Minos*": recitation. Britta Pr
brrg+i. "My Pi€tcr> Iie*t Fellow"; vreal mn\o.
Mr»». Bauman: violin solo. Mies Caroline IVk>
ley; addrrsc by Mr. Hans: vocaj colo, 5frs.
Cubank and Misn Whltaker; addrees by Su
perlntfnrtent ''rawford; piano 'snlo. Elmer
CrowhurW. "Second Hungarian Rha^wjdl*" :
valedictory by "Jesce Wise; vlaM song. "Hill
School"; selection by Lund's Mandolin flub.
The members of the graduating
class are: •
Hsrry Evans. Claude Ahcher, Elsie. Dodge,
Adeline Zepf. r;ara Galloway. Elol*e Krce
msn. Matti'' Pau'.son. If at* ' Frederickson,
RriUa D>b<rrh. *>cll Nelson. Ernia Poole. Al
bert <*hr1stnph*rson. Louise Graf, Sunnte Leve
.»!;-» Oa\ill<-tt<°, Bessie Bayli». Irene 81»va,
Qr<*?» Armrtronr, Artojph Blum. Jesse Wise
Fred Nelson. Kflrr.ond Wolff.
OAKLAND, June 7. — The members
of the graduating class of the Dewey
School in Fruitvale held their com
mencement exercises this eveningr.
An excellent musical and literary pro
gramme was presented, at the close
of v hich the graduates received their
diplomas. Following is the pro
gramme:
District of Fruit vale.
Ijirye Class Ilnds Days of Study in
REAL, ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alamcda County.
TUESDAY. JUNE 7
George W. McNear to O. Howard Thompson,
lot on W line of Grove street. SO N of Ttalrtv
flrst N 40 by \V 115, lot 3. block 20«7. Row
land' Tract, Oakland: $10.
Same to same, lot beginning at junction of
San Pablo avenue and Grove street. S 183:3.
W 90.75. thence at right angle to Grov» St. 1 .;
t> E lino of Grove-, thence along E lin» c'
Grove 189:10Vi to beginning. Oakland: $lft
Same to same, lot on NW corner of Grov*
and Thirtieth streets. TV 115 by N 40. lot 1.
block 2OM Rowland Tract. Oakland: $10.
Same to'same. lot on 8 line of Forty-seventh
street 00 E of Grove. E 150 by 3 10V. !^t»
5 to 7, block 2111. Alden Tract at TeroescaU
Oakland; «10. f £r!l"
Same to same, lot on SE corner of t.rov«
and Forty-sev«nth streets. E 9<> by S loo.
lots 3 and 4. block BIS. same. Oakland: ll*.
German Savings and Loan Society to A. L.
Stone lot on N corner of Seventeenth avenu»
and East Twenty- first street. NW 497. NO
2SM. NE 13. SE 513. SW 280 to beginning, lot»
1 to 40 block 70. 'map Northern Addition to
Brooklyn, excepting 50 on East Twenty-«econ.t
by S 130. conveyed to Charles S. Metvln. 1.2
D 147 East Oakland; also lot on NE line o*
East Twenty-first »treet. 3.S4.3» NW j>f Seven
teen!* avenue. NW I13.«l. NE 147.03. NW
5. w 80 to point on line parallel wltb and -S.I
SE from SE line of Thirteenth *venu«. SB
7.15 8E 19.J.24. SW 43.23. SW S6.81, BW
33 T2 SW 40.9(5 to beginning, excepting Un4
conveyed to city of Oakland May 27. 1902.
East Oakland: $10.
Crest and Eva C Gustafson to John M.
Nead. lot on NE line of East Sixteenth »"eet.
loO SE ot Twentieth avenue, SB 5<> by NF1
14i) lots 7 and S. block 3fl. Kan Antonio. East
Oakland: $10. , J .
James A. Plunkett (administrator of the.
estate of Cella M. Lindsay) to John Johnson,
all Interest In lot on E corner of East Twlftrt
street and Twelfth avenue. NE 150 by SE 2*.
lot 1. block 4<>. (Tllnton (recorded June «.
1904). East Oakland; $.1100.
A. R. and Eug«nle Grudge! to George Rob
ins, lot en NW line of Pleasant Valloy av»
nue, 100 SW ©f Linda avenue. SW 23 by NW
125, lot «. block C amended map of FalrvieMr
Tract (recorded June 6. 1004). Oakland Town
ship; $10.
Frederick and Anna C. Rammann. Rdrfn%
atid Alexander D. Craig to Henrietta E. Bish
op (widow). lot on N line of Eagle avenue. 42
W of Mulberry street. W 42 by N l.V>. portion)
of lots 1. 2 and 22. block lrt. map resubdivls
lon of blocks 15. lrt and 17. N of Buena Vlata.
orrnue and E of Willow street, etc.. Alameda:
tlO^ • -- _
Mrs. N. A. and 11. D. Hn-well to Ooorjte ft
Haly. lot on W line of Alice street. 1182 N of
Twelfth. N 78 by W 150. lot 19. map of A!lc<»
Park property. Oakland: $10.
Georre 11. <nd Victory A. Derrick to J. A.
and France!. 1. Lawrence, lot on SE line of
Vernon street. 179.71 NE from .W corner of
lot 1. block K, NE 50. BE l«0.»3. SW 30, NW
1M.75. being NE 5O feet of lot 2, block K.
revised map of Oakland Heights. Oakland; $n>.
Francoiso Fuch» to James McFarlan.J. S 25
feet of lo» 4. block 3, B'audry & Peladeau
Tract. Oakland; $12T..
Vesta M Colby (widow) to Eusene Murray,
lnt on 8 line of Joy (or Sixty-third) stre«t.
274.13 TV of Colby avenue. W 10O by 8 100.
lots 13 and 14. block I. Roberts A Wolfskin
Tract. Oakland: ?10O.
George and Uarie C. Nicholson and J. Frand
«*n <by W. a. Harlow. commissioner* to San
Francisco and Oakland Mutual Loan Associa
tion, lot on 9 line of Mattie avenue. R19.49
W from E line of Parsons*' Golden Gate Tract.
W 8ft. 3 177.38 E to point from which Una
drawn N at right angle tr> Mattie avenu»
werolii Intersect same at potnt of bestnnine.
N 173.28 to beginning, lots S and 9, block F.
map of Parsons' Golden Gate Tract. Oakland:
91815.
George A. Marker <«ing!e) and Harriett* TV
Harker (widow) to Josephine II. Fernald <wTf»
of Chester B.> and Katherine Van Dyke Har
ker (single), lot on W corner of Kast Fif
teenth street and >Mnth avenue, NW 150 br
SW 150. block 19 Clinton. East Oakland: $1*>.
Hugh and Anna S. Hogan (wife) to Hugh
W. Ho*an. lot on SK lin* of Thirteenth ave
nue 153.49 PW of Eaat Twenty-«eventh street.
SW' 44.«1. RE to dividing line between lots
41 and 42. NE 44.«n. etc., NW 153. portion of
lots 34 and 42 Hciran's subdivision map of
block 87. Highland Park. East Oakland: gift.
Henry Hayes and L. Brooka (by Jamn B.
Barber. Tax Collector) to T. W. Cnrder. lot
en W line of Bay *treet. 29« N of Feabody
lane N DO. W to shore line of San Frand*™
Bay' S 60. E to beginning;. Maxwell Trac".
Oakland Towr«rfilp: f3Xt.
Christian Jsfsper (administrator eatats of
Nicholas Fremer, alias) to Edgar Bishop, all
Interest In lot on N line' of Union avenue.
153:4<-j E of Bay street. E ISO &y N 123. lot»
27 and 28 map of property of Villa Home
stead Association, etc.. Krneryvllle and Berke
ley. Oakland Township: $1300.
Mary C. and J. 1» Barker rtra»b»nd and ««
attorney) to Mary V. Wlnkelman. lot on VT
lino of Grove street. 90 R of Mason. » 3S.7S by
W 122.01 portion of lots IS. 19 and 20. map
subdivision of block 1, Central Park Tract,
Berkeley: 110.
Mary Carron (single) to John l*v«ll*. lot en
NW corner of Dwinelle and Kffle »tre«t». V
132.60 by W 120. lots 11 to 13. block 9. Ca»»
Tract. Berkeley; $lf>.
Thomas' M. and Emma V. R«ed (by (Uorn 1 *
Leonard and Frederick H. Clark, tru«rte»«) t<»
Homestead Loan Association of Berkeley, NW
D 20rt. lot on S line of Bristol atreet. 284 Kt
W of Sacramento. S 108 by E.3S. portion lot 20,
block B, Shaw Tract. Berkeley: $769.
Irene Coll (slnrle) to Helen A. Cna*»
(wtdow>. lot on S line of Haste street. 230 E of
Audubf.n. E 100 9 132 93. TV BO. N 2.12. W SO.
N 126.44, portion lot 5U, block C. map portion
Berkeley property, etc., Berkeley: 11O.
Sarah J. and Jajnes W. Burnham to Rom
Kouff. lot on t3 line of Clinton avenue. SOO D
of Chestnut. E 60, 8 to boundary of Itaaeho
Pan Antonio as deeded in patent of United
State* to A. Peralta, W along satd last Una t<%
Intersection with line parallel with and S0O FJ
of Eaat Chestnut utreet. N to be*lnn!n*;. may
lands adjacent to Enclnal. Alameda: $10.
Alnmeda County Deaths.
OAKLAND, June 7.-»— Mrs. Julia A.
Lee, aged 65 years, died last night at
her home, 1311 Twelfth avenue. The
deceased came to this city from Ne
vada last January.
Mrs. Georgia. A. Dobbs died last
night at the Providence Hospital,
where she had been 111 for some time.
The deceased was a widow, aged 4 *
years. • , . ..,.,
Key Koute Makes Changes.
OAKLAND, June 7. — Beginning to
morrow morning, the Key. Route trains
to and from Berkeley will not stopiat
San Pablo avenue and Fortieth street
except on the 5:20 and 5": 40 p. m. trips
from San Francisco. Oakland passen
gers on other trips will hereafter take
the Piedmont-avenue instead of the
Berkeley train at the ferry. I':
Politeness occasionally beats the a!
mighty dollar under the •wire.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
The ceremony was performed by the Rev.
J. A. Milllgan of Portervllle, whose friendship
with the bride'* family dates back to long
years Bffo In Scotland. Mlsa Forde 1 wore a
gown of point d'esprlt over heavy cream-col
ored silk and carried Bride roses. Miss Mary
Porgi*, her ¦icter, was the maid of honor, and
gumner Smith th« best man. Miss Alice La
ment-. Ml«s Florence Sherman, John Forgie
and Milton Horswlll were the ushers. A re
ception and wedding supper followed the cer
emony at the Forgie home at 3040 Fulton
iitrret and then the young people left for a
honey mot n trip. • ¦ -
The bride Is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Hugh Forgie and has lived In < Berkeley a.
large part of her life. Mr. HorewllI is the son
of F. J. Horswlll of 1218 Chestnut street, Oak
land, and Is engaged in /mining In Monterey
County.
BERKELEY. June ".—College society wa»
lar-rly represented thl« e\-ening at the wed
dln« of MIm Asnes M. Forgie and Frederick
A. Horswlll at the First Presbyterian Church.
The bride wa» graduated from the University
of California with the class of '03 and nat-,
urally there were many of her classmates at
the church to-nifcht to Me the interesting cer
emony. • The church was handsomely deco
rated the girl* of the Nemo Whist Club, of
which the bride is a member, having- under
taken the ta#k of beautifying the altar and
pillars as a special show of appreciation for
the bride.
« .--•-T-- • • ¦..-.-¦>'•¦
The B. S. Hubbards will be members of the
large party that is planning to leave on the
Mariposa July 2 for Tahiti.
Mr*. C. B. Wlngate and infant son are at
home.
Mist Msud Eflith Pope, who has been quite
ill, li Improving. > :¦•¦
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur W. Moore, accom
panied by Mrs. E. C. Hagar and Miss Loulae
HafTftr.'ltft on the- Alameda la»t Saturday for
Honolulu. ' ' '•'¦'•> *',
Mies Catherine White and her sister. Miss
Anna White, are planning a trip to St. Louis
and other parts of the East.
.Edwin H. Mayon and wife left last Wcd
'nenday morning on the st?amer Spokane for
an extended trip to British Columbia and
Alaska. During the trip Mr. Mayon will visit
Jun£au to examine some large mining Interests
for «\\ew York syndicate.
Mr. and Mrs. C. Cleaves announce the en
jragemynt of their daughter Eda to Mr.
V.'llllarn T. Locke of 2116 Buena Vista avenue,
Alac^da. The wedding will take plac« during
trf^flm part of Octobtr.
Mr. Flalhmann Is a 6on of Charles Flath
manr. a retired merchant of this city, and
is himself a successful business man of San
Francisco, where he Is a m;mber of the
wholesale liquor firm bearing his name.
Mr. nn-i Mrs. Flathmann will be away on
tlnir honeymoon trip for a fortnight and after
that th.-y will mid* In Oakland at Tenth and
Union etrerts. whore the groom has remodeled
a.T\C furnished a charming little home.
Mis.- Lilile Bsker, who this evening became
Mr*. John II. Flathmann. is a native of Eng
land, but for th« past few year* has made h*r
home with h*r slater, Mr*. George Palmer, in
Berkeley.
Mus Tlilte FUihrnann, the groom> «let«r,
w<jy the only attendant, her gown b-'ing a pale
lstvnier crvpe. with lace medallions appli
qnfd. Kfco carried white carnations.
WH1 FUthmaiin was best man and Henry
Ivftc- and George Flick acted as ushers.
The reception at the Flathmann home on
Adeline stn-et was quite an t-laborate affair.
Colored electric lights and garlands of green
outlined the front porch anU either side of
t!n walk, clear to the sidewalk. Inside the
»an>e colors used at the church prevailed and
the newly married couplij rscelved congratula
tions while standing beneath a I wedding bell
of Iraffrant eweet peas. Supper was served • in
the large basement, which was prettily dec-
Orated an«i illuminated with electricity. i*
OAKLAND. June 7. — It ls'a long time since
tht' Unitarian Church framed as pretty a pic
ture as that presented by the Baker-FIaDi
mann bridal party this evening. Under Fred
Seultaerger'e - direction th», big interior of the
church a««un-.«d an unusually eery and artis
tic appearance, lavender and white sweet t*'.as
entering lr.to a very dainty scheme. The plat
form «a» decorated with palms and otljer
green*, and from a graceful arch a large bell
of white and Iavend-r rweet peas was hung.
Th« bride, a comely young English girl, was
S'Jwnatfln a. rich, soft white silk, elaborately'
trimmed with chiffon and lace. Hhe wore a
Mil ar.d carrifd Brides roues.
At the close of the entertainment the
Rev. P. C. Yorke. pastor of St. An
thony's Church, delivered an address.
Father Yorke congratulated the gradu
ate* on the successful ending of their
studies and the other pupils upon the
progress made by them during the last
trrm. Diplomas and certificates were
conferred upon the following:
Diplomas from academic department.
Miss Emma Snaer. Miss Isabel O'Mal
i*y. Mtes Mary Connery.
Certificates from grammar depart
ment—Miss Lily Snaer. Miss Frances
Millet, Miss Antoinette Lemieux. Miss
Dorothy \j* Quimr.
Diplomas for efficiency in penman
ship — Miss Emma Snaer. Miss Blanche
Watson. Miss Marguerite Galllard.
DKWEY SCHOOL GRADUATES
An excellent programme was render
ed by the pupils of the Academy of
Our Lady of Lourdes at the commence
ment exercises, which were held this
evening In St. Anthony's Hall, in East
Oakland, under* the direction of the
sisters in charge of the institution. The
feature « f the evening's entertainment
«u an original operetta entitled 'Cin
derella In Flowerland," which formed
the first part of the programme and
k'U presented by a large number of
the pupils of the academy.
The sceond part of the programme
consisted of instrumental and vocal se
lections by member* of the music class
of the academy, recitations by Miss
Mary Conn*ry. a chorus by the pri
mary children and an exhibition of
physical exercises by the three classes
of the academy, the primaries, inter
mediaries and seniors.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 7.
The trouble all grew out of a con
tract that Professor Leuechner. and
Coionel Fisk entered into two years
ago for the rental of the professor's
house. The professor, so the story
goes, agreed to let the colonel have
his house for six months, but before
the colonel occupied the house he
changed hi* mind, having found an
other that suited him better. This
didn't suit the professor and he forth
with began suit for $280 rent.\
Justice Edgar decided the suit in fa
vor of Colonel Fisk after it had been
dragged along in his court for nearly
two years. But -tile professor thinks
still that the law is on his side and
so he has appealed to the Superior
Court for redrees, the appeal having
been filed to-day.
Professor A. O.Leuschne # r, director of
the students' observatory, at the Uni
versity of California, is bound to col
lect the rent he considers Colonel R. A.
FiFk of Berkeley owes him if it takes
all the courts In the land to help him.
The learned professor is nof averse to
dividing his. time between the law and
the stars and he finds that he can at
tend to the satellites of the courtroom
in the daytime as well as he can to
the planets of the heavens in the night
time.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call
2148 Center street. June 7.
Diplomas were awarded to Celine
Haccus, Oma Ann Crouch, William
Curran, Benjamin J. David, John F.
Dondero, Adolph C. Hartman, Stanley
E. Henderson, Bessie M. Hinman, Cath
erine J. Morrlsor;. John A. Paxton. La
ban P. Smith. Honorable dismissals
were conferred upon Ralph Mler, Wil
liam Phelps and Robert White.
; Warring Wilkinson, superintendent
at the Institute, directed the exercises,
this b^iiig the thirty-ninth commence
ment at which he has officiated in that
capacity. The address to the graduates
was delivered by Professor Bernard
Moses of the University of California.
The following programme was carried
out: j
Chorus (a) "A Hint" (C. H. McCurrle, (b)
•The Hen and Duckling 1 " (C. II. McCurrie).
primary class: the Lord's prayer, recited by
Henry Franck: organ «olo, "Trumpet March
Uude). Charles Cacerer ;. exercise? at the slates
by the dtaf: First year class— Anna Comacno,
pparl Marketta. Alexander Rose; third year
clas*— Mae Bell Cook, Klva Gregory. Phebe
Shattuck; vocal solo, "Market Day" (Dlehl),
Carolina Cabrlllas; slate exercises by members
of senior claw of the deaf— Misses Golda Fitz
gerald. Bessie Hinman. Clarence Doane, Adolpn
Hartman, William Sherman: piano quartet.
•March" (Klnkel-Dressler). Misses Kuby Fln
nerty. Marguerite Graham, Maud Murphy, Ma
rie Ruiz; how the blind rend, write and cipher,
illustrated by Ethel Drummond, Leland Har
lan. Minnie HUrh, Marsaret Keotigh. Earl
Uy.n Tillie Alli-on; articulation and lip read
ing. Illustrated by Leslie Elnw. Henry Franck,
Vivian HIM Melvtll* Matn*l». Harold McNeilly
nn-l William Stephen*: vocat solo, "Heather
noils 1 <E<ilth Dick). Laura Uarbee; the sUn
language, illustrated by Mls»ea Oma Crouch.
I't'llne Baccus. Bessie Hinman; selected Rtanzas
!nm ".The Bridge" (Lonitfellow). recited by
Melville Matheis repeated In signs by Miss
Bessie Hinman. piano obllftato by Miss Golda
Fitzgerald, piano solo, "Valse de Concert," cd.
3 (Josef \Vi<*nlaw»kl), Charles Caceres; address
to graduates by Professor Bernard Mosea and
presentation of diplomas; chorus. "The Village
Chorister" (Ign«« Moacheles); benediction.
Students of the State Institute for the
Deaf and the Blind gave a marvelous
exhibition of thojr skill in the presence
of a large audience this afternoon dur
ing the commencement exercises. Per
haps the most interesting demonstra
tion of the learning of these afflicted
ones was the recitation of Longfellow's
"The Bridge" by Miss Bessie Hinman
in the sign language, accompanied on
the piano by Miss Golda Fitzgerald,
another deaf mute. The delivery of the
words was by Melville Matheis. who,
although deaf at birth, can now speak.
Another Interesting demonstration was
the Hp reading of Vivian Hill of Berke
ley. A new feature was the display of
oak. chairs, tables" and other furniture,
the work of the deaf and dumb stu
dents.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2148 Center Street/June 7.
A. E. Skinner, formerly a Southern
Pacific Company locomotive engineer,
went on a rampage at his residence,
469S Telegraph avenue, last night, and,
according to charges, brutally beat and
kicked his wife and knocked his motB
er-in-law, Mrs. J. G. Larned. senseless
from blows on the head with a club,
when she went to her daughter's res
cue. Dr. Charles E. Dukes and Dr.
Hi N. Rowell, who attended the in
jured women, say that Mrs. Larned's
condition is serious. At 2 o'clock this
morning Skinner was arrested.
The wife, Mrs. Mary Skinner, swore
to a complaint in the police court
charging her husband with battery.
Pending the result- of Mrs. Larned's
injuries, the police will hold Skinner
in ' custody. The older woman is 60
years of age.
Mrs. Skinner was marked by several
bruises and a bad scalp wound when
she appeared at court this^ morning.
The injured wife said her spouse's ac
tion was caused by a ilt oft drunken
anger. There had been some callers at
the house and they were departing.
Skinner angrily demanded to know why
his wife had not accompanied them to
the door. Mrs. Skinner's reply did not
please the husband, who, it is claimed,
struck his wife a heavy blow, knock
ing her down. Then he kicked the
prostrate* woman.
Mrs. Larned rushed to the scene and.
declares Mrs. Skinner, was struck sev
eral times on the head with a club that
the infuriated man had grabbed.
> Screams for help aroused the neigh*
borhood and th«\ police took a hand in
the trouble, arresting Skinner. He de
nied that he had struck his mother
in-law. -.••/, !¦-¦;
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 7.
Excellent Entertainment Is
Held in St. Anthony's
Hall in East Oakland
Superintendent Wilkinson
Gives Diplomas to Suc
cessful Boys and Girls
Carries His Suit Against
Colonel Fisk to Higher
Court, Hoping to Win
Locomotive Engineer Goes
to Jail to Await Result
of Clubbing Aged Victim
CHILDREN GIVE PLAY
LOSES FIRST , BRUSH
BAD INJURY INFLICTED
Graduates of Academy of
Our Lady of Lourdes
Receive Their Diplomas
Professor A. 0. Leuschner
Appeals to Law to Help
Him Collect House Rent
Woman Charges That After
Spouse Attacked Her He
Assailed- Mother- in - Law
INTEREST BIG CROWD
Students at State Insti
tute Entertain Friends
With Marvelous Works
G. A. Nissen Files' Charges Against Official,
Whose Removal Is Probable, and in That
Event T. G. Daniells Will Succeed Him
CELEBRATE END
OF SCHOOL DAYS
UNIVERSITY MAN
SEEKS REDRESS
DEAF AND BLIND
EXHIBIT SKILL
SAYS HUSBAND
USED BLUDGEON
POSTMASTER LEYDECKER'S
POSITION IN JEOPARDY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 8, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
6
APVEB.TisTrMT.Trra>.
Eczema
Salt Rheum, Ringworm, Itch,
Acne, or other skin troubles, >
promptly relievedand cured by .
This scientific germidde. which
is harmless, cures by killing:
disease germs. Used and
endorsed by the medical
. profession everywhere. Sold
by leading druggists. If not
at yours, send 25 cents for a
trial bottle. The genuine bears
my signature. Accept no
substitutes. Address
***** \tr«« tmeat of dhwiaaot.
OAKLAND.
10 1C> Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North «T.
ALA3IEDA.
1435 Park Street-
Telephone Alameda 4592.
BSAXCH OFFICES
6F THE CALL IX
ALAMEDA COUNTYAnd now Oregon has gone overwhelm
ingly Republican. The recent election
gave a great majority for the party. This
has no bearing 'on your purchase of a
fas range from S. F. Gas and Elec. Co.*
Annie Conklin and her two children,
Georgie Conklin and Lillian H. Rin
ner, filed an action yesterday to re
cover an interest in .realty in Sonoma
County claimed by Camille Glrard, an
other daughter of Mrs. Conklin. They
allege In the complaint that the prop
erty was bought from the proceeds of
the sale of another piece of Sonoma
County property held by Mrs. Girard
in trust for the plaintiffs and herself.
Claim Interest In Realty.
A great entertainment will mark the op»n
inc of the cottage and tent city at "New"
Eanta Cruz Saturday. June 11. One of the
features cf the event will be a grand ball with
murlc by a Government hand.
Round trip excursion tickets from San Fran
cisco to Santa Cruz, good from Saturday to
Kur.day. sold for $3: Saturday to Monday
round trip tickets. $3 75. Ask Southern Pa
cific a«^nu. •
Opening of "New" Santa Cruz.
The Board of Public Works yester
day rejected all the bids filed for the
sweeping and sprinkling of streets.
The resolution on the subject recites
that action was taken in view of the
fact that the Board of Supervisors had
made an appropriation for the clean
ing of streets with the provision that
the work be done by day labor under
the supervision of the Board of
Works.
Reject Bids for Street Sweeping.
John F. Whelan, who is being sued
for $7000 by Margaret McLaughlin,
answered the woman's suit yesterday
with a . general denial of her charge
that he Is attempting to defraud her
out of the money. He claims that
what money he has was earned by him
and that the plaintiff is without inter
est in it. He also denies the plain
tiff's charge 'that she supported him.
and in connection with, this says that
he really supported her for two years
and that during that time he expend
ed large sums In purchasing costly
raiment and Jewelry for her.
Whelan Denies Charges.
Ben L. McKInley cited authorities to
show that, notwithstanding the with
drawal of the crew as such, they were
amenable to the statute.
Hutton's motion to dismiss was de
nied and the case went over until 9
o'clock to-day.
H. W. Hutton of counsel for the
defense insisted that the crew had a
right to quit work in port and that
from that moment- they became pas
sengers and ceased to be members of
the crew and were not bound by the
statute.
United States Commissioner Manley
began yesterday afternoon the prelimi
nary examination of W. Nelson, A.
Larsen, Jacob Swei and John John
son, charged with having solicited
Eric Gustafsen, another member of
the crew of the steamer Coquille River,
to join them on a strike in the harbor
of San Pedro. '¦¦:.'
Trouble on the Steamer Coqtiillc River
Being; Investigated by United States
Commissioner Stanley.
SAILORS TRIED FOR
INCITING A STRIKE
In this connection the commission
will on next Monday evening set | a
date and adopt a scope for the next
examination for promotions as police
sergeants and lieutenants. Examina
tions will also be held for police patrol
drivers and ambulance drivers In the
Department of Health.
The Civil Service Commission de
cided yesterday to abolish the medical
examinations for promotions in the
Police Department. The commission
assigns as a reason that the re-exam
ination of employes of the department
is superfluous because if they are re
jected by the medical board they are
still retained in the department in the
positions they occupied when apply
ing for promotions. It is said that the
board rejected fourteen applicants of
patrolmen for ttie last civil service ex
amination for corporals as medically
unfit, but they are still performing the
duties of patrolmen.
Civil Service Commission Adopts New
Policy and Will Hold Tests for
Several Positions.
NO MEDICAL EXAMINATION
I-'OR POLICE PROMOTIONS
Continue Dairy Inspection.
Health Officer Ragan yesterday de
tailed District Health Officers Tillman
and Dillon to continue the inspection
of dairies which was temporarily sus
pended owing to the suspension of
Dairy Inspectors Smith ;tnd O'Connor.
Drs. Dillon and Adler will see to it
that the sanitary requirements are
riRidly adhered to in all dairies and
will report directly to Health Officer
Rapan.
Supervisors Bent and Sanderson of
the committee raised tht» point that
ihe rules could not b<? enforced unless
they were incorporated in an ordi
nance formally passed by the Board of
Supervisors. Health Officer Ragan
contended that the Health Board had
jiower under the general ordinance
riving it supervision overjthe sanitary
conditions of the city to make such
regulations as it saw fit. The com
mittee thought that some of the rules
»ere too severe and after some dis
cussion referred the matter to the
Health and Hospital Committee to
consider a proposed ordinance on the
FUbject-
This action is not satisfactory to the
health officials, as they fear that the
dairymen will successfully oppose the
adoption of laws a« covered by the
rules with the rlajm that they are too
drastic and would work a hardship on
thoir business. However, the health
officials are prepared to vigorously
urge the passage of the proposed ordi
nance, as the Board of Health fully
intends to continue its crusade for per
fect sanitary conditions in the hand
ling of milk and to force owners to
3\«»< > p their dairies clean.
The committee reported in favor of
printing the "Health Hints for the
Household," as prepared by the Health
Board for the guidance of the com
munity at large in preserving good
health condition*.
The rules were adopted by the
Health Board and it was desired to
have them printed in pamphlet form
in ordor lo acquaint ihp proprietors
of dairies with the sanitary require
ments to insure their privilege to con
tinue business.
The Supervisors' Priming Commlt
tre yesterday expressed itself as not
in favor of thr re^uost of the Board
of Health that provision be made for
the printing of the rules and regula
tions for the conduct of dairies in or
der that they bo kept in a perfectly
tanitary condition.
No hint Is being given by any offi
cial with authoritv to speak as to the
name of Elbert's probable successor
as warden of the hospital. Strong
pressure is being brought to bear to
bring about the appointment of James
McQuaide, at present assistant warden
of the Institution, to the wardenship.
Owing to a protest by the Civil Service
Commission, McQuaide is not receiving
any salary, and would be delighted to
secure the promotion.
Dr. William M. Lawlor, formerly
Health' Officer and at present receiv
ing clerk at the hospital. Is also an
aspirant for the position, but.it is not
belleved'that either McQuaide- or Law
lor will be selected. A third candidate,
whose name Is not revealed^ will like
ly secure the wardenship. which car
ries with it a salarv of $200 per month.
As the Health Board Is disinclined
to burden the existing administration
of the Health Department with any
further scandal, it has been keeping
the proposed removal of Warden El
bert a secret. The investigation has
been quietly conducted and the mat
ter has had all the ear marks of star
chamber proceedings. Elbert himself
knows that he will be compelled to give
up ofllce, and is said to have remarked
recently to one of his intimates that
he would be in the Institution but a
few days more as Its administrative
head.
With the knowledge that he will hot
be In charge of the hospital very much
longer, it is said, Elbert has vented his
spite on several subordinates bv sus
pending them for a temporary period.
These suspended employes have car
ried their tales of woe regarding El
berfs course to the Health Board com
mittee, and his case has not been help
ed in any way thereby.
This Is the second time that Elbert
has held the office of warden of the
City and County Hospital. He was ap
pointed superintendent, as the office
was then called, for a period of one
year by the Phelan Board of Health.
It was then thought that a layman
would conduct the institution more
successfully than a medical man. The
experiment did not prove a success,
and Elbert was removed, to be suc
ceeded by Dr. R. S. McElroy. At that
time Elbert charged that he had been
removed because, as he put it, "I
would not do the dirty work of the
Phelan Board of Health." Elbert made
several sensational charges, at the time,
but they came to naught.
SGCCESSOR XOT CHOSEN.
REMOVAL A SECRET.
These complaints have come not only
from minor employes, but also from
the nurses, apothecaries and internes,
and even from orderlies. The com
plainants have accused Elbert of being
of a domineering disposition ?and of
possessing a manner that is dictatorial
In the extreme. In fact It is charged
that it has been found Impossible by
those under his immediate jurisdiction
to get_along with him.
After a complete investigation of the
accusations made against Elbert the
committee of the Health Board on
City and County Hospital, composed of
Drs. Poheim, Stlnson and Harvey, has
reported that the accusations are well
founded. The committee further rec
ommends that, to prevent what may
result in the absolute demoraliza
tion of the conduct of the hos
pital, it is imperative that the services
of Elbert be forthwith dispensed with
and that he be relegated to some other
sphere. ,1 i '.--•• i
For the last three months com
plaints regarding Elbert's administra
tion of the City and County Hospital
affairs have been filed by the em
ployes of the institution that happen
ed to come under his displeasure.
Elbert's dismissal is to be brought
about in the interest of harmonoy, and
has been under consideration almost
from the time he assumed the office
on January 9 last. Elbert has not been
on the best of terms with his subord
inates, and the clashes have been fre
quent and more or less of a violent
character.
John N. Elbert, warden of the City
and County Hospital, has been slated
for removal by the Board of Health
and his dismissal from the position
will be formally acted upon in a day
or two. In all likelihood Elbert will
be given an opportunity to resign, as
one or two members of the board are
disposed to favor him to that extent.
And the Board of Works insists that if the
budget shall be adopted as now proposed, with
the item of "street cleaning" unchanged, the
retponsibllity for unsatisfactory and lnsufji
clent work will at all times be placed where it
will then property belong — on the shoulder* of
those members of the Board of Supervisors
who countenance and by their votes indorse
th!* inconsistent and absurd appropriation for
that purpose, and that the Board of Public
Works will not assume and will at all times
disclaim any responsibility for the unsatisfac
tory results which must inevitably accompany
and fellow *o ill-considered a policy on the part
of tech Snj>ervi»ors.
If. however, your honorable board cannot
grant euch modifications, let the verdict be
proclaimed In advance of any trial that the
experiment of street sweeping by municipal em
plcyes must and necessarily will be a failure.
If it ia the sincere deelre of your honorable
board that «treet sweeping by city employes
ehould prove a success, let your budget item
be rr.o'ilttM ae to the amount cf the appropria
tion and let the conditions and restrictions as
to the employment of labor be so changed that
experienced laborers, who have In the past
proved themselves faithful workmen, may be
employed if de«ire<l. Under such conditions
this board would willingly co-operate in «ecur
lng a better «.nd mure a.-ceptable street seep
ing rervlce under municipal regulations and
control.
It may be claimed that If the men upon the
elvll service llct are unable to perform the
work that there is a remedy provided by which
such men might b« dispensed with, but the
remedy is too slow, the working fortes become
disorganized, the dirt keeps accumulating and
it will take a considerable part of the appro
priation to decide by experiment their avail
ability. To select laborers after trial befor©
the Civil Service CommlSBloners of each indi
vidual laborer in euch a case would b« unbusl
ness like and costly to the. city.
If. as proposed, the cleaning and eprinkling |
of street* should b» performed by the employes {
of the Board of Public Works, the specifica- |
tions and schedules under which public bids i
(ren recently received by this board ehould I
te Mrictly adhered to and the quantity an.l j
quality of the service thej-ein provided shouM |
be furnished. Under public contract this work j
would cost the city $^54,000. which is $39,000
more than is allowed in the proposed budget. .
The Items of this expense havr already J>een |
furnished in a communication filed with V o "r j
honorable board. As against thiR estimate
your board seeks to allow us $97,000. with a I
further handicap cf between $30,000 lo $40,000 i
caused by the arbitrary quality of help sought j
to be imposed upon u»- for the work. j
Your budget item limits the. employment of I
men a« street sweepers to the list of laborers !
as registered upon the rolls of the Civil Per- I
vice Commission, regardless of any quallnca- (
tions for the performance of the work, and ex- j
eludes from employment any of the competent I
men who may have been employed heretofore j
by contractors on this work. You must re- |
member that this Hat is made> up without ex
amination, merely acccordlnir to priority of ap- [
plication, and includes some men feeble in '
body, seme without experience of any kind of
labor. som« crippled, some enervated through i
drink and otherwise, and none enrolled for
this particular and difficult work.
CIVIL SERVICE CLAUSE.
Such an appropriation would force upon this
board an unfair burden. It makes an Ined
fsjuate appropriation; it ostracises experienced
labor; it compels us to .1o work without ade
quate tools or appliances. The Board of
Public Works, under Uiese conditions, cannot
assume the responsibility of clvlng the public
a satisfactory »*Tvice in the cleaning of
streets. It cannot do a 51 Job satisfactorily
for less than SO cents, especially when it can
not exerclso any discretion as to who should
be its employes to do the work.
COST UNDER CONTRACT.
BOARD IS HANDICAPPED.
If it it the deslra of your board, as *x
prebsrd by the KlnaTire Committee, that the
unLatisfactory results of sweeping this year
b.- Improved upon why handicap this board
not only with a known deficit of *40O> at
the inauguration of the work, l»ut also adding
an increased deficit of the cost of a new
Plant, so that not even th« work now done
en be accomplished, and that, too, without
irxking any allowance for the wages of sweep
en- which would undoubtedly be the sanu?.
namely. $2 &<• per day. as is now paid to all
th.. laborers in the employ of this department,
and of every other municipal department. In
place of the $2 25 per da.y now paid such
Icbcrerw by the contractors. This would make
ug face a further deficit of $18,000 for the
year «>iill further reducing your appropriation
o* S215.0UO to $107,000.
Moreover during the ensuing year, if the
city is to do the work, the area of street
sweeping must be enlarged. Even a small
increase of 5 per cent over the work of this
year which Is a low- estimate for an ex.
l>or<iing city like this, with residents, tax
payers and improvement clubs on all sides
calling for more v/ork, would cau»e an in
creased expeunse of at least $10,000, leaving
only $37,000.
And we would also call your attention to
the fact that If the men to be employed are
to be taken from th« civil service list without
experience, men whose sole qualification" are
tfcat they %<A. their names on first. witWout
it-card t.o character of their former employ
ment, age. physical condition, energy or eklll,
you may reasonably allow a deficiency of at
ieaj-t 20 per cent in efficiency as compared
with the present workmen, who are undoubted
ly selected by the contractors for their ability
to do the greatest amount of work In the
least time. This would make a difference
agpJnst us of perhaps t:iO.CK*> or $40,000 more,
assuming, of course, that the civil service list
of laborers must be adhered to.
President Herbert Schmitr. of the
Board of Public Works yesterday
transmitted the formal protest of the
board against the appropriation of
$21.").oO<) made by the Board of Super
visors in the next municipal budget
fur the cleaning <-f streets.. Schmltz
declares that the amount appropriated
is insufficient to sweep the streets, in
view of the fact that the city is to do
the work, and plainly states that the
responsibility for the improper per
formance of the work will be placed
on the Board of Supervisors. The board
requests that $i'jO/»00 be allowed if the
work is let out bv contract and $300,000
if it is to be done by the city, so that
the necessary apparatus may be pur
chased. The protest says:
There are two principal objections to .the
alxive appropriation; flm. the insuiftelem-y uf
the sum appropriated, and Ferond. the re
strictions as to who shajl hr employed to per
form the work. During the present rtscul year
the tti-eet Is being performed und<r
an appropriation of $J15.<»00. vrhicb is the
vxaot amount which your honorable board pro
j>uses to allow for next year, and we nre
already facing a deficit of $4000 for the cur
rent year, and that, too, without the necessity
of our being compelled to buy a slnsie ap
pliance for the performance of the work
• which is now being done by contract), while
under your new ideas we should be obliged to
purchase an entire plant and all of Hk ap
purtenances, at an expensu of about $r><),000.
leaving for the actual work of street cleaninK
only J125.00O. an amount so absurdly inad
*-*4iiate aa to b« properly designated "ridicu
lous." \'
Health Officials Fear the
Adoption of Laws Will
Be Successfully Combated
Frequent Clashes With His
Subordinates May Result
in Enforced Resignation
ADMINISTRATION BAD
to Blame if Municipal
Sweeping Proves Failure
Says City Fathers Will Be
FIXES RESPONSIBILITY
Jenny Und, who pleaded that she
had deserted her father's yacht at
C. A. Rush of 4 B.erry street had his
wife Kittle arrested for stealing from
him one bicycle and pawninjrit for $1,
but when the case came up before
Judge Cabaniss he declared he was
willing to withdraw the charge If the
wheel were' returned to him. The
pawnbroker, however, insisted on be
ing paid $2 ere he would release the
machine, and after much bickering the
money was paid and the case dis
missed. ;
"Pe tickets wuz In my pocket all
right," said Mr. Jackson to the Judge,
"but what fetches me Is how dat yah
coppah knew dey wuz dah. He must
be a phrenolumglst."
For selling lottery tickets at 927
Market street Charles Hanen was fined
$100 by Judge Mogan, and for having
lottery tickets In his possession R.
Jackson (colored) will be sentenced to
day.
Dr. George Herbeln was fined $100
by Judge Mogan for practicing medi
cine without a license. He was arrest
ed and convicted in December, 1902, but
appealed to the Supreme Court, and
that tribunal has Just decided that
the statute under which he was
prosecuted is perfectly constitutional.
Margaret Galvln, "the aristocratic
soak," confessed to Judge Mogan that
she is a dipsomaniac. That was half
an hour after she had been sentenced
by Judge Fritz to thirty days' impris
onment, and his Honor Mogan con
siderately dismissed the charge upon
which 3he had been brought before
him.
It developed that the woman Is the
mother of two young children, who are
in their father's custody, and that she
has a comfortable income from prop
erty owned by her. Arrested many
times for drunkenness, she was al
lowed to forfeit her ball money until
the magistrates decided to attempt
her reformation by consigning her to
prison. She has a handsome home in
this city and employed a maid to care
for it during her sprees.
Bertie Alexander, a well-dressed
young man from Chicago, was loiter
ing on Dupont street at 1:30 o'clock
yesterday morning and spoke rudely
to the policeman who asked for ex
planation of his being there. His de
meanor in Judge Mosan's court was
tame, however, a night's confinement
among the chronic vagrants having ap
parently enhanced his respect for the
law's majesty. He said he was a civil
engineer by profession and a tourist
for recreation, and that he was mere
ly ".seeing the sights" when the offi
cer overhauled him. Then the Judge
Catherine Wall, accused of drunken
ness in a public place, told Judge
Fritz that she resided at the home of
her brother on Bryant street and was
eager to return there, but when his
Honor assigned to a policeman the task
of finding out, whether she spoke the
truth she confessed that she had no
brother and no settled home. Sentence
to-day.
George Beyer was fined $20 by Judge
Cabaniss for operating at the ocean
beach last Sunday a nlckel-in-the-slot
machine and offering .money instead
of merchandise for prizes. Two police
men in citizens' clothing clinched the
charge against the enterprising Mr.
Then came the pronounciation of the
name by Judge Megan, the officiating
magistrate, and that, too, used up
quite a lot of minutes that might have
been saved if the name had been more
reasonable as to length and euphony.
His Honor had studiously studied his
impressive part, but somehow his
tongue could not be attuned to rolling
off with ease the name of Carmelo de
Cenarruzabeitia. The best he could
do was to utter it In sections, and even
then several syllables were dropped.
But they weren't missed. As the for
mula necessitated introduction of the
groom's name twenty-eight times, it
was not wondered at that his Honor
was both wild-eyed and haggard long
ere the last strands of the knot were
tied. He omitted his custom of salut
ing the bride.
Senor de-C. and his better half are
receiving congratulations at 1325 Du
pont street.
Promptly at high noon began the
wedding of Senor Carmelo de Cenar
ruzabeitia and Senorita Eloisa Ar
menta, but unavoidable clerical and
oral difficulties with the name of the
groom-elect delayed completion of the
ceremony until after 1 o'clock and all
concerned were much fatigued.
In the first place, the blank space on
the marriage license was not long
enough to hold all the letters contained
In the full cognomen of the male con
tracting party, unless they were writ
ten so small as to be undecipherable by
the naked eye. and the clerk who filled
the document left several of them out.
This defect had to be remedied to make
the permit legally operative and con
siderable time and chirographic skill
were invested in the revision.
Each lady was represented by able
ctmnsel, but it couldn't get in half a
dozen consecutive words to save its
life.
"She flghd to me. bud I don'd flghd
to she." Eaid Mrs. Skala, with accusa
tory tinger aimed at Mrs. Caesar. "I
flghd to odder lady, und she den flghd
oop to me."
"Nein! neln!" shouted Mrs. Caesar,
with tone and gesture that would en
hance Edna Aug's scrubwoman act 50
per cent; "mid she eet is flghd und
flghd und flghd all der dime. Mid me
eet ecs der quiedness."
Mrs. Anne Skala. with a two-year
c!d toddler clutching her sKlrt for sup
port, affirmed that she had not dis
turbed the peace of Mrs. Annie Caesar,
as alleged in that lady's formal com
plaint, but had exchanged some acer
bitous language with another female
neighbor, name not disclosed, at the
time and place designated in the afore
mentioned document.
Mrs. Caesar, on the other hand, de
clared that she and she alone was the
person to whom Mrs. Skala addressed
certain uncomplimentary remarks on
the occasion in question, and that she
(Mrs. C.) would never feel secure from
oral, maybe physical, abuse until Mrs.
Skala feels the law's restraining hand.
Police Judge Mogan listened patient
ly to both pleadings and then continued
the case two *veeks for the avowed
purpose of giving the ladles time and
opportunity to settle their trouble out
of court. They dwell next door to each
other on the 700 block of Vermont
street, and their struggles with the
English language indicated that they
arrived fri/m the Fatherland simul
taneously and not very long ago.
For assaulting Patrolman M. Barry,
on the water front, John McCormick
was sent up for twenty days by Judge
Cabaniss.
Frank G. Stone, with flowing and
unkempt whiskers, could not tell ex
actly whore he was arrested for drunk
enness, but had a hazy idea that he
was picked up in the Hall of Justice.
"I lost track of everything two days
ago, when I began drinking," he ex
plained to Judge Mogan, "and when I
awoke in that cell this morning I didn't
know how'I got there."
Patrolman Hutchins, who made the
arrest, was -not present to cast light on
the mystery' and the case was contin
ued till to-day.
In the court of Judge Cabaniss a
jury acquitted D. W. Andrew, charged
with selling liquor without a license at
Greenwich and I,yon streets. The ar
rest was made by Policeman Field, in
plain cloths, who purchased a glass of
beer from the defendant.
In his argument with the officer Mr.
Hirschfleld received a blow on the
head from his opponent's club and his
aged mother swore that she was struck
on the arm with the same implement
while she was endeavoring to restrain
him from battering her son.,
The case went over till to-morrow.
• • •
"He's got it afflnst me," said Mr.
Hirschfleld, addressing Judge Mogan
and alluding to Officer Harvey, "an 1
he's de only policeman wot ain't me
fren'."
Harry Hirschfleld, arrested for as
saulting Special Officer Harvey, at Ellis
and Buchanan streets, averred that
there would have been nothing doing
on that occasion if the policeman had
not started it. Like a nemesis, he
averred, Harvey has pursued him for
years, although he had never done
anything to merit such tenacious at
tention. It was true that he had been
drinking, in fact, was drunk, on the
afternoon of Monday, but he had
slumbered in a saloon chair and was
sober in the evening, when the arrest
occurred.
Tlburon, waa sentenced to three
months in the County Jail by Judge
Mogan.
"For since your appearance here yes
terday. Miss Lind," said Judge Mogan,
"I have ascertained that your father's
yacht is as much of a myth as the
shadowy ship in which the chimerical
Vanderdecken is vainly trying to
weather Cape Good Hope. Indeed, the
police have informed me that you are
old in vagrancy, though voung in
years." •
MUST PASS ORDINANCE
Head of City and County
Hospital Slated for Dis
missal by Health Board
Supervisors' Committee Re
fuses to Print Rules and
Regulations for Dairies
Board of Works Protests to
Supervisors Against Allow
ance for Street Cleaning
Two Matrons, Residing Next Door to Each
Other on Vermont Street, Are Given a
Fortnight in Which to Bury the Hatchet
APPROPRIATION
IS INADEQUATE
BOARD MEETS
WITH SETBACK
JUDGE MOGAN SUGGESTS
PEACE PLAN TO LADIES
WARDEN ELBERT
TO BE REMOVED
THE SAX /FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. JUNE 3, 1904.
7
ADVKRTISEMENTS>
\\ BLATZ method is generally commented Lj
on as most remarkable and unique, for lj
g§§"|2? the reason that in most every par- U
\g|if@V ticular it is original from a brewer's jj
/te^l point of view. t|
I If y^* The very choicest of every com- |j
\\ i3 ponent part of the Blatz brews is [i
\\ Jgf the invariable rule. Only the best lj
/V 3v« *°* M°t:h er Earth's crop is ever con- |
/ sidered * Tn e result is a beer of S
I \K honest quality with a goodness all tj
A V i* s own * r
II \±-<^9 Always ihe Same Good Old "Blatzr |
tfc^~$fc^^ BLATZMALT-VIVINE- (Non-Intoxicant) I
*-i7irn| ...in-* » ".•'.¦ A MALT TONIC M
j lj For Convalescents and Run-Down Systems. ||
\1 VAL, BLATZ BREWING CO., MilwauJ" §
Jp* SAM BIBO ®> CO., I
/ WHOLESALE DEAL ESS, SI 2 BATTSXT I3TREET, ijl
Saa rranciico. Tel. Mais 5859. 3]
1) ; . »
The World's Way I
To the World's Fair I
Through Standard and 3
Tourist Sleepers. ;|
St. Louis . $67.50 I
¦ •" ROUND TRIP V
Chicago . . $72.50 —^^ I
June 15. ie, :2:3, |
If you are thinking of making a trip East, please fill out [5
the accompanying coupon and mail to this office |1
C. A. RUTHERFORD. D. P. A.. p
«23 Market St., San Francisco. la
I«pectto,«ve f or' |
Please quote JS*^lp »S |
Advise me what the Rock Island's throujth car arrange- \\
ments are. Do I change cars? If go. where? '1
I* Mall me copy of World's Fair literature. q
|lCE3£EM^ C. A. RUTHERFORD, ' fJ
fiSK^/rfiullJFSja District Passeng.-r Ai;»nt. >\
im? V |23 Market St., San Francisco. H
(.;aF-AMoPgIWTiteJ.
AT CUT PRICES !
Notwithstanding: ray low prices,
my developing and printing work are
of the highest grade. I save my pa-
trons money, time and trouble. See
these figures and then send in trial
order: \ .
SEVzsZiOFnro:
Roll of 6 10c I Roll or 12 15c
PBHTTIKQ:
Solio finish. ..3c-fio | Velox finish. 3c-6c
SEND IN A TRIAL ORDER NOW.
Cameras of all kinds repaired at
moderate rates.
DAYLIGHT LOADING TZZ.MS of all
popular sizes at popular prices.
Mall Order* yromptly rilled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS, the Stationer.
1008 Market Street, above Powell.
San Francisco.
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GUARANTEED CUBS rOtt MSN.
HAEMLES3 INJECTION. Cures ordinary
cases in a few days. Warranted to euro
worst cases. NO OTHZS TBEAT3SXSNT
EEQUIKED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. PREVENTS CONTAGION. Harm-
less. $2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
T. S. KELLY'S PHARMACY. 102 Eddy.
DDHCtl PC rOR BARBERS, BA-
JJllUoriEjO ""»• bootblacks, bath-
***»-V WHl-IW houses, billiard table*.
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, canners.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hanger*, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-mnfers. tanners, tailors, tte.
BXJCKANAN BEOS.,
Crash Uasnf actoreri. ~!09 Sacramento St.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
FKESK AND SALT MEATS.
liC RftYF^ & TA Shipping Butchers. 103
JAS. CUICJ O til. Clay. Tel Main 1204.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONAIUJ & ELLIS.
418 Front st.. 3. F. Phone Main 1719.
PRINTING.
F. C.BUGHES. ui BESTS s. r.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
- - — — ¦ - - -
S Steamers leave Broadway
wharves, piers 9 and 11.
San Frajicisco.
For Ketchikan. Wranitel.
Junean. Haines. Skaguay.
etc., Alaska. — 11 a. in. Jun*
4, 9, 14. ID. 24. July 3.
Change to Company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Pert Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.
Belllngham— 11 a. m.. June 4. 9. 14. IX 24.
July b. Cliar.se at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska, and G. N". By.: at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry-; »t Vancouver to
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay> — Pomona. 1:30
P m.. Jun» 3. 0. 15. 21. 27, July 3. Corona.
130 p. m.. June «. 12. 19. 24. 30. July 6.
For Los Angeles (vta Port Los Armeies aa4
Redondo). San Dtero and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Argeles (via San Pedro and Ei»t
San Pedro). Panta Barbara. Santa Crui. Mont-
erey, San Simeon, Cayucog. Port Harford tSaa
Lais Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. June 8. 18. 24. July 3.
Coos Bay. » a. m.. June 4. 12. 20. 29. July*.
For Ensenada. Magdalena. Bay. San Jose 4M
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Ro-
salia. Ouaymas (M«.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1904— Th*
palatial excursion steamship Spokane win
leav« Taeoma. 8eattle and Victoria. Jun« 7.
21. July ». 19. Aug. 2. 16.
I For further Information obtain foTder. Right
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing date-*.
i TICKET O7TZOXS — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st.and Broad-
way wharves. Treijrnt ofloa, 10 Market st_
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O, /?. & N. CO,
COLUMBIA satis June 6. 19 and 28. July «.
Iff 2«. GEO. TV. ELDER sails June 1. 11 an*
2ll July 1. 11. 21. Only steamship Una to
PORTLAND. OR., and short rail Una from
Portland to all points East. Through tickets tn
all point* Steamer tickets Include berth and
meals. Steamer tails foot of Spear st. at 11
a. m. & T. BOOTH. Oen. Agt. Pass. Dept.'. 1
Montgomery st.; C. CLIFFORD. Oen. Agent
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
oceanics.5.co.ssi
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thurs.. June 16, 2 p. ra.
8. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu.June 25. 11 am.
S S. MARIPO3A. for Tahiti. July 2. 11 a. ra.
1.D.SPBICKILS & BEOS. C0.,Alt5.,TiCKt 02a 543 lir-
tst, rreiiit 03e83i3MiriKJL. Piir/. i»i;U: ;;.
10XPAS5IS GE3I&LU TKANUTLASTIQC.&
DIRECT LINK TO HAVRE-PARIS, j-^w
Sailing every Thunday Instead
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42»>««fflaS'
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. |«5 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZ1 & CO.. Pacific CoaH
Agent* J» Montgomery avenue. San Francisc*
Tickets' sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
To TJ. S. ir»Ty "T*gd and Tallcjo.
STMRS GEN. FRISBIE. MONTICELLO an!
ARROW- 0:45 A. M.. 12:30 noon. U:13 P. M..
• 00 P M 8:30 P. M. <ea. Sunday). Sunday*
S : 43 a' M.. 8:30 P. M. .Leave Vallejo 1:00
A M 0 CO A. M. 12:.:0 NOON. 3:13 P. M..
B-00 P M. <ex. Sunday). Sundays 7:(X> A. JJ..
4 : 15 P 'M ' Fare one way. 60c Landing ami
•fflce 'Pl*r S. foot Mission »t. Phon« Mwa
100S. * HATCH BROS.
thTweekly call
$1 per Y©ais
ADVEETISEMENT&.
COh yes, "FORCE" is a
"breakfast food." But if
you'll put a few berries
and cream and sugar with
it, you'll have as good a
shortcake as Aunt Kate
used to make — and with
no indigestion to follow.
If •' late-topper 1 ' Jo!ic ate mor«
"FORCE" ecd less lobster, there
wroslda't be so ouch to regret next day.
i
Schools and Colleges.
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
Vl'EST.
04 Po«t rt.. Ban Francisco. C*l.
f>t«b. *0 years. Open entire year, day and night.
Write fcr 60-pae« catalogue (free).
New Qnarfers — More Space
rzzrsB 3Ooks.
JTurt moved Into our new room*; new flre-
jiroof buil-Jlnr. 3 elevator*, electric lights.
? team h<?«t. Do more fr>r etuflenti than ev»?r
before. This I* the collere that secures to
many rositicna.
San Francisco Business College,
"38 Mission St., Near Third.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Hoarding and day trtoool for younjr ladles and
l:ttle rlrlc. 2126 California Ftreet. Will reopen
:¦::•¦¦ I. I8O4. Accredited to the universities.
P.;:v. nmvAHD n. CHUBCH. A. M. Principal.
ajMnaMpi Is the most practi-
JMJ I W Wldrffca*"* ral; rccommf-niifi]
totgggatijS/aggGajiim by expert court re-
SSSESBQBwTSItIpM porters. Spnd for
tLtmniiitiiS^LJiiKlTi Catalogue. 13«2
¦a^^snirtnini n J ATarUet St.. S. F.
I ANDERSON ACADEMY,
inVXXGTOX. CALIFORNIA.
lolfis pre-eminently the confidence of Its pa-
..-,.¦)* ar,d the loyalty of It* pupil*.
\VII,LIAM WALKi:n ANDERSON. Principal.
School for boys; Hth year
{JfilYTJP !•*-•!*- AtK- !'th; !ar«T end
M 1 1 I l I \ Uronirrr faculty than eve r;
(IUII I V !¦<!?«•• • tarnation: illur-
" trated rutulreum. W. J.
JtEBXlHlVi Viw Prlnfl;)a:. Ut.Io Park. Ca.1.
Hitchcock Military Academy
SAN HAFAKL. CAL.
tt ILL. REOPEN on Aumist IB.
Ma-iy to the Principal. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SrSaJeTen 1MM
H jfg& 5s $k The BEST H0T WEATHER MEDICINE A jfr|
H CANDY CATHA y'^ rfTg g^|^^ ||
H 25c > s °^^M^^»^,^^^BB^s^i^B^^ 1^^ DroreJsS 11
m PREVENT ALL SUMMER BOWEL TROUBLES I
H| Undigested food in the human body will ferment a hundred times as fcj|
H>j] . quickly in summer as in winter. Consequence— stomach, liver, bowels R|]
Ipa poisoned, thrown out of order; souV stomach, gases, colic, diarrhoea, Igl
HI dysentery, cholera, appendicitis, and in some regions yellow fever and E|3
Kg the plague. Little children suffer terribly everywhere. The proper IJ3
Rg| thing is to send all impure and unnecessary matter out of the body l|3
jgSjj every day— not give it a chance to sour in the stomach and bowels. fo|
Uli You will stop hot, feverish conditions and keep your insides cool and KQ
|*3 healthy. To do it, use a medicine that is pleasant to the taste and not W§
Km harsh and violent in its action. The only safe system-cleaner to take Eg]
KM in summer, because it will not cause diarrhoea or griping, is Cascarets. WM
BH 'All druggists, 10c, 25c, 50c. Never sold in bulk. The genuine tablet |#a
|f3| stamped C.C.C. Guaranteed to cure or your money back. Sample and |||
w3L booklet free. Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New York. a» J|8The counties of California are already reaping a dis
tinct advantage from the displays which they have made
at the St. Louis Exposition. News of the success of
these splendid exhibits has reached us and in every part
of the State is coming a report of new endeavor, greater
energy for improvement and more complete organization
for progress. Our triumph the fair has given spur to
our efforts at home. **
The Board of Health has in contemplation, as a meas
ure of reform in connection with the city's milk supply,
a plan to refuse or revoke licenses for the saje of milk
to all; persons that do not submit to the sanitary regula
tions that investigation has found imperative in San
Francisco. Since we are careful to hedge with pro
tective ordinances our whisky traffic, how much more
solicitation and concern should we display toward affairj
that intimately affect our health.
¦¦ r-:\ \ ___ - •
A school for dogs is the latest devel
opment of the educational movement.
It has been -established in Paris, with
the object of teaching, not letters, hut
politeness. The schoolroom^ is fur
nished with chairs, tables and rugs, to
give the necessary "local color" to the
surroundings. The dog pupils are
trained to welcome visitors by Jump-
Ing up, wagging the tail and giving a
low bark. When the visitor leaves the
dog accompanies him to the door and
bows his farewell by bending his head
to the floor. He is trained likewise to
pick up a handkerchief, glove or fan
that has been dropped and return It to
the owner. He is. taught further to
walk with "proud and prancing steps"
when out with his mistress.
School for Canines.
The only manuscript of "Beowulf,"
the great Anglo-Saxon epic, now ex
tant, is the one from the collection of
Sir Robert Cotton, now in the British
Museum. The poem dates from the
middle of the eighth century, and the
single existing manuscript is badly
charred by a fire through which it
passed in 173L A fac simile page is
reproduced In the translation by Pro
fessor CV G. Child, whleh is published
in the Riverside Literature Series.
Our Ancient Epic.
A Londoner gave up his seat in an
omnibus to a woman arid stood. Where
upon a policeman arrested him, and in
due course he was fined for "over
crowding" the vehicle.
• Cossack tactics are modeled after
those of the regular Russian cavalry.
The eotnia is formed in two ranks,
sixty-four files to the front. It is di
vided into four sections. The sotnla
is maneuvered by sections and on the
roafi travels by Ihrees or sixes. Th,e
Cossacks still retain, from the days of
their tribal wars, a formation called
the "lava." In forming the lava,
whether the force Is a regiment or
only a eotnia, one-half is deployed in
a single line. Behind the center is a
small group of experienced men and
sergeants, and 300 yards behind this
group follows the remainder of the
force. Should a small body of the
enemy be met the first line closes boot
to boot and charges to brush away the
enemy by the impetuosity of the at
tack. Should their opponents prove
only a line of skirmishers or troops in
retreat the line opens out to three or
fj>ur yards' interval and charges. If
the attack is unsuccessful the first line
rallies on the supporting group and
the third line charges in Its solid two
rank formation while the first is re
forming. The first then follows the
attacking line and supports it In any
way needful.
The Cossacks are not intended for
chock action against heavy cavalry.
How Cossacks Fight.
CHRISTMAS TO JIM— Subscriber.
City. G. A. B. of Pacific Grove writes
as follows: "I am glad to be able to>
furnish the desired information that
one of your correspondents wants to
have. The poem entitled "What
Christmas Brought to Jim' appeared
in the Christmas number of the
Horseman in 1895. The paper is pub
lished in Chicago. 111. If that issue
cannot be obtained by tha correspond
ent at this late date I shall be pleased
to furnish a copy of the poem, transj
cribins it from the one I have."
SUPPORT — Oakland ' School Boy.
Oakland. Cal. This correspondent
wants to know if a Boy unould neglect
his opportunity to educaze himself In
order to support hl3 widowed mother.
The answer to this is. that It is the
duty of a boy who can earn something
for the purpose of supporting his wid
owed mother to do so. There are
night schools where ' he can obtain
education. A great many Illustrious
Americans have done in their childhood
far greater and harder work than is
expected in childhood days at present
in order to- help the family along, and
at the same time have obtained for
themselves a mentaLand moral train-
Ing which fitted them in after life fof
the highest positions in the nation.
THE culmination of lawlessness in Colorado, in the
fiendish murder of non-union miners, has its lesson
for, other communities. This abhorrent crime is
committed in a region where for years the officers of the
law have winked at all kinds of minor transgressions
against the rights of persons and property. It is the
region where President Roosevelt was mobbed in 1900
while the public authorities looked on and some of them
joined in .the riot. Given immunity in assaulting indi
viduals, murdering men by stealth, deporting them from
their homes and families, and in taking forcible posses
sion of mines whose owners and superintendents they
had assassinated, these violators of the law naturally con
cluded that they were .1 law unto themselves and have
planned and executed wholesale murder under circum
stances the most brutal and savage.
The officers of thef law in San Francisco may take a
lesson from those distant events. It is a daily occurrence
in this city that men in the peaceful pursuit of their vo
cation arc down by cowardly thugs. The energy
of the police is too often exerted against the victims or
intended victims of these hideous offenses. Mobs are
permitted to collect in front of the business places of
citizens who are afforded no legal protection whatever.
Is"it not plain that we are going through the same
processes here that in Colorado have led to mighty
crimes which are th« odium of the whole country? It is
surely an impressive thing when organized bodies pro
test against the presence of the police in districts where
lawlessness and disorder may occur. The man who in
tends to obey the law has no objection to the presence of
the police. They cannot. hurt or hinder him. The very
DISTURBED COLORADO.
A Whistler Anecdote.
In his biography of "Whistler as I
Knew Him," Just published by the
Macmlllan Company, Mortimer Menpes
tells a curious story of the famous
artist. At the little breakfasts which
he used to give in Paris and in Lon
don he was sometimes forced to be
very economical. "He often said to
me: 'Look here, Menpes, I wish you
would go and buy a bottle of 18-penny
white wine from the Victorian Wine
Company. We will decant it carefully,
and, what with my brilliant conversa
tion and the reflnedjatmbsphere of the
studio, these men will never know
whether It is good or bad. Somehow
men understand red wine. If you give
them a cheap vintage they recognize
vinegar, but with the qualities of white
wine they are not so familiar.' So it
always proved to be. This 18-penny
white wine was produced at the fam
ous-Whistler breakfasts, where it was
pronounced to be perfect. 'A very
sound wine, very sound indeed,' I have
heard men say as they held It up to
the light, handling it carefully as
though it were priceless — in exactly,
the same way I have seen them caress
a blue and white plate. ,1 have heard
intelligent men dilate for hours upon
the beauty and rarity of certain por
celain which I myself have seen
Whistler buy at a- cheap shop round
the corner, or which ljas been pre
sented at our doors in company with
a pound of Oriental tea."
CHINESE— J- R., City. A Chines*
or native of China has not the same
right to vote In the United States that
is guaranteed to a native born citizen
for the reason that the law prohibits
Chinese from becoming citizens of th«
United States, but the sons of Chi
nese parents. If born In the United
States, when they attain majority
have the same right to vote as any
other native born.
Official- inquiry has developed the unfortunate fact
that in several of the minor and practically private
foundling asylums in this city/the waifs there in custody
are shamefully and cruelly neglected. Surely no better
opportunity could be asked than this for the active sym
pathies of public spirited citizens that give their energies
to the reform of flagrant abuses. The private foundling
asylum at best is a dangerous institution in any com
munity.
CURRY — Subscriber. City. Curry
is a highly spiced condiment much
used throughout India and to some
extent in other countries for flavoring
food. The true Indian curry Is said
to be composed of coriander seed, tu
meric, fresh ginger, cummin seeds,
black pepper, poppy seed, cinnamon,
cardamom, cloves, chill pepper and
grated cocoanut.
Unselfishness.
Ah, dearest. I am like a violin,
Which^-'taken by some master, sounded
false,
And was laid back for want of melody.
You'v? taken me, but I lack music, dear,
And my poor tones would only spoil your
song, t
So put me down, find some more perfect
. viol.
Some instrument of sweeter, deeper
tone. - .
Though all the years I. lie here silently.
And though my heart strings cover thick
with rust
I'll still be glad, for just this onee I've
known
The soft, compelling • touch of master
hands.
— Hallett Abend, in Stanford Sequoia.
INSANE — J. E. D.. City. There Is
no cost attached to the committing of
an individual to an Insane asylum in
California when adjudged Insane by a
court of competent Jurisdiction. If
parents or relatives of a person so
committed have means they are re
quired to pay a part of the keeping of
the patient.
Munificent Pit Lun.
There Is no doubt in the minds of
the attaches of the Washington Hotel
in St. Louis that Prince Pu, Lun is a
real prince and knows how tcr uphold
the dignity of the office. And Mr.
Wong, the vice commissioner, is a
prince, too. if you ask the waiters, chefs
or bellboys at. the Washington about
It. Whatever doubts the attaches might
have had about the matter were glo
riously dissipated yesterday morning
when the Prince and his retinue were
on the eve of taking their departure
for Chicago. The Prince, or Mr. Wong
for him. did not forget the people who
had looked after his wants so care
fully for three weeks. There was
"something doing" for every one of
them, and it wasn't silver, either, but
bank notes. The money was turned
over to Manager Knapp by Mr. Wong
for distribution. Richard Vofk, the
waiter who served the Prince through
out his visit, drew the capital prize. It
v.-as a $100 bill. The chef and his as-
Flstants got as much more, and a still
larger amount was split up among the
bellboys, so that each one got 510. Then
came the head waiter and some of his
functionaries for a neat sum; then the
porters, the chambermaids, and all the
rest who had even so much as looked
into the royal apartments. Last, but
not least, were the "hello" girls, who
received $20 each.
BY THE SKIN OP THE TEETH —
Subscriber, City. The expression "By
the skin of his teeth" is from the Bi
ble. In Job, xix, 20, there is the fol
lowing, which was the basis for th*»
expression quoted: "My bone clcaveth
to my skin and to my flesh and I am
escaped with the skin of my teeth."
remains to be demonstrated in the
coming" campaign in Manchuria. — Re
view of Reviews.
of Roxburphe. to Guy Wilson, second
eon of Charles Wilson of Warter
1'riory. who has grown passing rich
In the steamship business. Lady Isabel,
vhile possessing a title in her own
right, of which marriage with a com
moner does not deprive her, shares in
the general impecunicslty of the
jounser pcinns of the he-use of Rox
burgh^. Her future husband, who is
only twenty -seven, has buckled down
to business in his father's office, how
ever, and is in a fair way to become
a \ - ery wealthy man some day. The
match is therefore regarded as an
«quable one for much came rea-'
tons that caused the marriage of the
Duke erf Roxburghe to Miss May Goe
let and her milions to be hailed with
satisfaction. Money is becoming in
creasingly necessary to make a title
count for anything in England.
The portrait of Lady Isabel here
rhown is reproduced from her latest
j'hotogrerh. She was born in 1879 and
is three year* younger than the Duke.
She has a prety face, framed in a pro
fusion of dark hair, graceful manners
and always dresses in excellent taste.
Her accomplishments include music
: u<i painting. She is no stranger to
America, having "done" the United
Ftates as well as the Continent. Two
Of her ulster* are already married —
Lady Margaret Orr-Ewing, now a
vldow, and Lady Victoria Villlers. The
youngest. Lady Evelyn Innes-Ker, is
eti'.l single.
Guy Wilson served with distinction
In the South African war and was re
warded with the D. S. O., but he has
Finos retired from the army. His sis
ters, Lady Chesterfield, Lady Hartopp
Rnd Miss Gladys Wilson, are all noted
beauties- His eldest brother, Wellesley
Wilson, married a daughter of Lord
Carrington.
LAPY ISABEL IXNXS-KER. EISTER TO THE Dt?kB OK ROXBURGHE. AND
A fROMINEXT MLJI!5i:K OF THE EXti.UPIVE LONDON ' SET. WHO IS
TO JIAKnV OUT WIL3O.V. A SH IPBfIL.DER'S 6ON.
STRAW HATS— K. S. H.. City. It
is said that straw hats are cleaned
by first brushing them with soap and
water, then with a solution ot oxalic
acid. If a person has a valuable Pan
ama hat that has become soiled it is
best to have It cleaned by a profes
sional.
Anszvcrs to Queries.
"LITTLE LOTTA'S" AGE — Char
lotte Crabtree, better known in the
mimic world a3 "Little Lotta," was
born in New York on November 7,
1S47.
"WHO IS PRESIDENT* OF THE
UNITED STATES V "JOHN TOP
PIANO." HE ANSWERED.
with the similarity of answer, correct
of course, that each gave, so he con
cluded to transpose the questions, with
the following. result from the next ap
plicant: "Who can vouch for you in
this city?" The categorical answer
came out, "Roosevelt." Then he was
asked: "Who interprets the Constitu
tion?" The alien, supposing it was the
second regular question, answered
"Schmitz" and the Judge then asked
"Who 1 is President of the United
States?" The alien gave the regula
tion answer, "John Toppiano."
Judge Kerrigan smiled and after a
few more efforts, in which the alien
floundered, summoned an Interpreter,
who managed to make the applicant
understand what the Judge wanted to
know and, it appearing that he had a
fair knowledge of the country he had
been living in for five years, and of
its officers, he was granted his second
papers.
An Aged Pest.
Matignon is the oldest park peat to
Paris and Is proud of the title "doyen
des vagabonds," or, according to tha
.slang word, "doyen des pilons." Ha
has Just been arrested in the VlUette
district for the 110th time, according to
the London Telegraph. He started
life as a pest at the age of 16 and he is
now over 70. Matlgnon is also known
among the broken down people of soma
education who are hi3 associates . la
destitution as old Daddy Diogenes.
When captured lately the vagabond
made a short address to the police bu
perintendent. He said: "I am sorry to
trouble yqu so often, M. le Commls
saire, but then, you know, the policu
force is so very efficient. I remember
the time when you were only a simple
secretary In the police office at Saint
Ouen. Since then I have often been In
prison. It gives me great pleasure to
see you again, M. le Commissalre. Oo
revient toujours a ses premiers am
ours." After this little speech the sen
ior vagabond of Paris was sent again
to prison- He states that he has thor
oughly enjoyed hi3 irresponsible exist
ence. He has hardly ever slept in a
proper bed and his best spells of noc
turnal repose have been obtained oa
prison planks. In the summer weather
ha sleeps on the grass near the forti
fications, where* he runs the least ri3lc
of being Interfered with by the police.
THE report received by the Department of Com
merce and Labor from United States Consul War
ner at Leipsic, Germany, in relation to the German
merchant marine, furnishes an example of what a coun
try can do in developing her sea trade, although badly
handicapped by natural conditions. Pie says:
"Germany, of all world powers, with the exception of
Russia and Austria, is the one with the poorest natural
means of communicating by sea with the outside world.
However, in spite of. this fact she holds to-day an envi
able position in the world's carrying trade. She is ad
vancing in the science of traffic upon the high seas, under
difficulties of no small proportions, faster and more
effectively than any other power. The Germans con
sider that the paramount factor in developing a country's
foreign trade is, perhaps, the merchant marine, and that
it is just as necessary to foster foreign trade as to en-
The report further shows the up-hill fight Germany
has had. to make to maintain her position in the ocean
carrying trade, yet, how in the face of it all she has
steadily forged ahead. ¦ Until recent years she has even
had to pay toll to Denmark to enable her vessels to reach
their sea front on the Baltic. One of the curious reasons
given in the report for her success is because of the
"great development of the United States." Thus the
anomaly is presented of Germany's merchant marine
growing because of the evolution of our industries, while,
with that evolution, our own merchant marine has de-
teriorated.
Probably the greatest factor in Germany's success is
the economical and political confederations at present
existing between Tier states, which has made concentra
tion in trade matters possible. Under that arrangement
great energy in trade has been shown and foreign com
merce has been encouraged by the granting of export
premiums»and subventions to steamship* lines. It is only
within the last twenty years that she has fostered her
shipping on really scientific lines. She now pays over
a million dollars annually in subsidies and has agree
ments providing service to China, Japan, Australia and
the»more important ports with the North German Lloyd
and the Hamburg-American lines. Among her contracts
is one with the German East Africa line for a steamer
sailing around the African continent. Another is with
the Jaluit Company to visit certain of the islands of the
Pacific for a consideration of $28,560 annually; and an
other with the Woerman line between Cape Town and
Swakopmund. The ships in the'service of Germany must
be built in her shipyards, of steel, with a stated minimum
speed, and are to carry troops and supplies under certain
conditions.
In the report stated Germany teaches the United States
a lesson. If other countries can foster ocean lines by
subsidy we can. At a time when railroads were needed
to develop the natural resources of this country the
Government was prodigal with its favors of money and
land. Railroad building through that impetus, now un
aided, keeps pace with our needs on land, while our water
trade is at a standstill. We have an immense sweep of
sea coast, with harbors adapted to the boat- building
industry, and, generally speaking, all necessary timber
within easy reach, with a production of over one-third
of the world's output of pig iron and steel, to build boats.
In spite of these facts our shipbuilding is dormant and
other countries arc building boats in which to carry away
our enormously increasing exports.
, A great factor in the question is the advantSge in time
of war a country has which possesses a merchant marine.
We keep a navy sufficient for our needs for fighting ma
chines, but not for transport. It'is in the nature of
things unnecessary to keep in constant commission ship9
sufficient for carrying troops in event of war. With a
proper complement of ships flying the American flag, we
could readily turn to them in case of need.
With ships built in foreign yards at a lower cost for
labor and material, manned by cheaper labor and sub
'sidized, there is no inducement or encouragement for the
investment of American capital in that industry, and un
less something is done by Congress there can be no
hope for the present condition in which our merchant
marine finds itself.
GERMAN SHIP SUBSIDIES.
Title Shies not at Money.
fpcc'.«.l Con-prpendence,
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL,
f HENRIETTA STREET. COVEXT
GARDEN. LONDON. May 25.— Society
Is well pleased with the engagement
which has Just been announced of Lady
Isabel Innes-Ker, a Eister of the Duke
are more women quacks than men.
Nearly 30 per'cent of the men cited to
appear at the police bureau have been
in Jail and of the women 15 per cent.
More than 100 samples of quack medi
cines were analyzed by the police and
over 80 per cent were of absolutely no
medicinal value.— New York Tribune.
The Board of Health has made public avowal that if
the Supervisors persist in their plan to prune municipal
expenses several employes will have. to walk the plank
for idleness, out of their snug berths in the^ Health Office
to the unfeeling streets. Let our worthy guardians of
the public health reflect that there is always hope for a
man even when he is forced to earn an honest living.
If a formed body cf cavalry presents
itself the Cassack harries it with his
first line and tempts it to charge.
Should the enemy charge in close for
mation the Cossacks break ranks/and
swarm about his flanks, watching for
a chance to rally quickly .ind attack in
force. In all of their maneuvers tiioy
I depend upon their quickness in dis-
Ipersing without •'getting out of hand"
I and their extreme rapidity in rallying
1 and delivering a sudden attack. When
' the- intervals are extended this lava
J forrr.3 a cavalry screen for the ad
vance guard and, pushing one or two
days' inarch ahead of the army,
combs the country as with a fine-tooth
comb.
The Cossack never fires from horse
back except when scouting in the ad
vance guard or covering the retreat of
his own army. When delaying an en
emy's retreat, when cornered so that
he cannot get away, or when needed
to hold a portion of the line of battle
until the slower Infantry comes up, he
dismounts to fight on foot Dismount
ing, his rifle and bayonet make him a
formidable antagonist. By his of
ficers he is said to shoot well. That
IT is very' satisfactory to Californians that the weather
service is to' supply to the press of this State a full re
port of the weather, covering all leading Eastern
points. This will give our own people an.opportunity to
compare temperatures and some other conditions in all
parts of the country with our own.
One element, however, j> lacking in these reports. With
out knowledge of the degree of humidity it is not possi
ble to estimate correctly the effects of temperHure. For
instance, on last Monday the maximum temperature in
Boston was 88, New York 88, Washington 90, New Or
leans 90. In Fresno on the same day it was 100, \>ut that
heat was less felt in the San Joaquin Valley than the
lower temperatures East, because in the valley there is
low humidity, and heat and cold are less felt in a dry air.
The minimum at Fresno was 66, which means a cool
night and restful sleep, while the sanle temperature East
means a swelter all night, because the air is full of mois
ture. That moisture is the means of retaining and diffus
ing heat. We all know how the heat declines in this
Slate away from the moisture of the coast as the sun
goes down and Californians are familiar with the coolness
of the shade. When the air is full of moisture the heat
is retained at night and even in the shade there is felt
the effect of hot steam.
Eastern people are always astonished in San Francisco
by seeing ladies, in midsummer, promenading on the
shady side of the street in fur garments, but they soon
learn that the shade is cool. It is not well here, on the
toast at least, to have shade around houses, while in the
East it is sought for the slight protection from the heat
which it furnishes. All of this nieans that mere reports
of temperature from different California points do not
tell the whole story of our climate. That climate differs
with the different degrees of humidity and on the coast
is quite different from the dry interior, where men work
without inconvenience in a temperature exceeding 100 be
cause it is dry. That dryness has an important relation to
health. Where the sun and dry air rapidly oxidize and
consume waste matter there is less chance for germ cul
ture and less liability to disease. The cool nights give
rest and recuperation from the, fatigues of the day, and
there is none of that exhaustion which h the forerunner
of sunstroke, an ailment unknown in California.
While the publication of a full weather report for the
whole country here will be gratifying to Californians,
after all they are much more interested in the official
publication, by the weather service, of a full California
report in the Eastern press. Californians in the East are
inexpressibly annoyed by the omission of this State from
those daily reports. As a rule the daily report stops at
Salt Lake City, and the weather service seems unaware
that there is any country, climate or temperatifre^ny
farther west.
Since General Chipman made it so plain that our cli
mate is a material asset of the greatest value our people
are still more anxious that it be recognized officially by
Eastern publication of reports from this State. People
who visit us carry back individual reports of our sooth
ing and equable weather, and those who hear the tale
naturally turn to the daily weather reports to confirm it
and find them blank as far as we are concerned. Salt
Lake, Denver, and perhaps some Arizona and New Mex
ican points are reported, but California is apparently off
the weather map, entirely. This should be amended. The
weather service is an important branch of the public
service, and all parts of the country are entitled to the
information it collects and distributes.
As far as Eastern reports are concerned they are the
daily record of daily distress and discomfort, of grilling
heat or dangerous cold, according to the season, ot cy
clones that rage like a pestilence and of untimely floods
that sweep away crops and the soil in which they grow.
The California report is a story of daily felicity, of equa
ble climate, of days full of glory and nights restful and
elysian; of conditions that foster the constant fruitful
ness of our and the beauty and perfume of our
flowers. The contrast is sharp and impressive, and for
what they pay in taxes to sustain the weather service our
people are entitled to the benefit of it by having Califor
nia put at large in the official reports published in the
Eastern press. i
The vast number of Eastern people who are to visit
us this year will back us in the request for this publica
tion. When they return home to endure its climatic dis
comforts they will turn to the California weather reports
as Dives turned to the cool quarters of Lazarus longing
for even a drop of that water to wet his whistle.
Making Citizens.
The evening before the recent closing
of registration for the primary election
a number of aliens who desired to be
come citizens, so as to enable them to
exercise the right of suffrage, appeared
before Superior Judge Kerrigan to se
cure final papers.
An individual named John Toppiano,
who had been a close observer of the
manner in which Judge Kerrigan ex
amined applicants for naturalization
paperC had got ttfe bunch of aliens
together in some place and had told
them that the Judge Aould ask them
a certain number of questions, and as
he always asked them in the same or
der they would have no difficulty in
giving the answers, so he drilled them
In response to the question, "Who Is
the President of the United States?"
to say "Roosevelt"; to "Who is the
Mayor of San Francisco?" to say
"Schmltz," and "Do you know any one
who can vouch for you?" to say "Yes;
John Toppiano," and so on.
One after the other the aliens ap
peared before the Judge, and after ex
amining half a dozen he was struck
A FULL WEATHER REPORT.
fact of such protest being made is sufficient proof of the
intention of those who make it to disobey the law and
commit crime if they can be relieved of the presence of
the officers.
It is among the strangely illogical acts of such men
that they profess a purpose to be law abiding, while com
plaining of the restraining presence of the police, whose
only duty is to make them do what they say they intend
to do. This city is disgraced if only one man is assaulted
and injured on the public street while peacefully going
about his work. When he is struck down by a thug who
goes unpunished and defiant every man in the city is
struck down, every citizen suffers from the same blow
and the same denial of protection in the enjoyment of
his lawful rights. The time to secure order is in the be
ginning of disorder by sternly punishing it.
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -WEDNESDAY, JUNE S, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCI3CO CALL
.-- . . ; • - - ¦ . ,- -- ...... f .
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . . Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office Third and Market Streets. S. F.
WEDNESDAY ; • • • • • • • JUNE 8, 1904
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tti*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Mala 1012. *
To-arnsend's California Glace fruits 1.1
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market at"
The ways of the diplomat are devious and dark. After
indicating all sorts of favoritism to Japan the wily
statesmen of England are now coquetting with Russia
for trade ¦ privileges and commercial advantages. It is
shrewdly suspected that Britain belongs to that school
of reciprocity where it is -heads she wins and tails the
other. fellow loses. ' .
Germany and Quackery.
. The United States Is not the only
country to make war on quacks and
quack medicines. The German police
have begun a systematic campaign
against them. They estimate that In
ten years the population has increased
58 per cent, regular medical men 76 per
«ent and quacks 1567 per cent. There
8
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESRudolph Barth. watchmaker and jeweler, 174
Sutter st. tupetalrs). Watch and jewelry repair
inn » tpecialty. Careful attention paid to rc
piirlne French clocks. I'hono Red 1221. •
Attpcheg Joseph Figel Company.
A writ of attachment waa served on
the Joseph Flgel Company at the in
stance of S. Jensen. The attachment
is the result of a suit brought in the
Justices* Court by Jensen to recover
the sum of $35 75 for work and labor
performed for the defendant company.
Notice to Passengers.
Barrage transferred to and from all trains,
steamers, etc., at low rates. One trunk (sin
gle trip) 35 cents; round trip 60 cents. Morton
Special Delivery, 308 Taylor, 660 Market, Oak
land Ferry Depot. Phone Exchange 46. •
Odd Fellows* Anniversary.
The outing to Fernbrook Park by
Canton No. S of the Patriarchs Mili
tant of the Independent Order of Odd
Fellows, which was to have been held
April 26, in celebration of the anni
versary of the order, but which was
postponed on account of the heavy
rainfall at that time, will be had at
the same place next Saturday. Thet-e
will be a number of prizes for all
children and many games, races and
dancing.
Mrs. Bell Wants Money.
Despite numerous decisions against
her, Mrs. Theresa Bell is determined
that she shall draw a family allow
ance from the estate of her late hus
band, Thomas Bell. Yesterday she
filed a petition asking Judge Coffey to
grant her money due her under an
order of court made shortly after her
husband's death, which order was
subsequently set aside on complaint of
the creditors of the estate, who al
leged that the estate was not suffi
ciently large to stand the drain. In
her petition Mrs. Bell says that be
tween the years 1S93 and 1895, when
the order was inactive, the Bell es
tate was In condition to Btand the
drain of $2000 a month, the amount
allowed her. '
HODGHEAD LOSES SUIT.— Jud*e S«awell
yesterday sustained a demurrer to the suit
of I'. A. Hodehead to have the member* of
the State Board of Medical Kxamlrjers de
clared usurpers of offlc*. The decision of
Jcdpe Seawell Is the result of the recent de
cision of the Supreme Court, which declared
; the State board a leeal tody. '
Salesman in Trouble.
Sol Ranshoff was brought from Los
Angeles yesterday morning by Police
man Wolters and booked at the City
Prison on a warrant charging him
with felony embezzlement. He was
employed by Belasco & Harris, whole
sale tailors, as a salesman and is ac
cused of having pawned his samples
and collected money, -wjiich he appro
priated to his own " use. The total
amount he, is alleged to have em
bezzled is $162 50.
Railroad traffic between Port Arthur
and Vladivostok still continues and
trains of supplies are received at the
former port daily. Supply yourself with
a gas range from S. F. Gas and Elec. Co.*
All that was mortal of the late Rev.
Father Patrick Seanlan. the well be
loved rector of St. Joseph's Church,
was laid to rest in the priests' plat.
Holy Cross Cemetery, yesterday after
noon.
In the morning at 10 o'clock there was
Fulemn pontifical requiem mass, sung
by his Grace Archbishop Montgomery
at the church where tbe body lay in
state.
Every inch of the edifice was occu
pied and without there was an enor
mous gathering of citizens who soupht
to enter the church to join in the last
ead services over the departed.
There must have been several thou
sands present and through the efforts
of Captain Spillane and his men per :
lect order was maintained.
When the strains of the beautiful
Zing&rde-iii requiem were begun the
vast congregation was peatr-d or stand
ing along the aifles. Then his Grace
Archbishop Montgomery tang the pon
i ifical re<iuier.i mass and the Rev.
Father McSweeney of St. Francis de
Bales Church. Oakland, delivered an
••Joquent sermon, during which he
:-;-uke of the estimable qualities of the
'• :arttd.
TIUHITE TO DEPARTED.
Father McSweeney spoke of the late
I ,-c-k,r s work fur tb« church during
i!:e last fortv years and dwelt espt
< tally us his love for the children of his
jiarijih. also of the great Interest he
i<;ok in their- education.
Archbifhop Montgomery then deliv
' red a touching eulogy, and In telling
<-.' the worth of the lamented priest ex
|1TTIHW0 deep sympathy with the people
i I the parish on the loss they had sus
lained in his death.
His Grace also said that the loss
would be keenly felt by the churrh cf
San Francisco, for Father Seanlan was
a wi^e counselor and Chancellor of the
Archdiocese.
On the arrival of the cortege at Hoiy
Cross Cemetery it was met by the
Boys' and Girls' Schools of St. Joseph
parish. The children marched In pro
cession, followed by members of St. ,
Vincent de Paul -Society, the -clergy,
members of the various orders of
brotherhood and sisterhood and citi-
Oce of the most touching features of
the procession was the plaintive sing
ing cf the beautiful psalm, "The Mis
erere," by the boys and brothers of
CLERGY SIXG AT GRAVJE.
At the grave the Archbishop read
the funeral services and after the body
was laid to rest the clergy sang "De
Profundis."
There were 164 priests present in the
eanrtuary in the morning and among
the regrets for inability to attend was
one touching letter from Archbishop
JJiordan, who. at rresent, is in the
Kast, and who was a constant attend
ant at the bedside of the late Father
Iranian during his illness in New York
City.
The mourners in the church and at
the grave were the late rector's first
cousins, the Rev. Father M. D. Blat
• ery. Mrs. M. Lennon, Mrs. B. A. Shaw,
Mrs. James O'Connor, James Kelly and
Margaret A. Kelly and Superior Judge
Lennon of Marin County.
The flowers yent were laid in great
profusion by the bier and later at the
grave side. Th*? beautiful tributes
were from the various r*?t:ietles con
nected with the church, from the as
sistant priests and life long friends of
the late Father Seanlan.
Thf pall bearers were: Rev. Father
P. O'Kane, Rev. Father P. Casey. Rev.
Father Brady, of Pt. John's Church;
Rev. Father J. Nugent, Rev. Father
C O'Neill. Rev. Father O'Connor, of
Ftockton: Rev. Father McCue and R«*v.
Father J. E. Cottle.
The Republican State Central Com
mittee will meet in San Francisco on
June IS to fix the time and name the
place for holding the Stat«" convention
to nominate Presidential Electors. It
is practically settled that the conven
tion will consist of 734 delegates, the
apportionment being the same as that
which applied to the recent convention
which assembled in Sacramento and
elected delegates to the Chicago con
vention.
' It is very nearly settled that the next
California convention of the party will
meet in Santa Cruz, Thursday, August
25. At the same time several of the
Congressional, and quite a number of
the Senatorial, district conventions will
assemble in that city. It is said that
the Republicans will include in the list
of nominations to be made the office
of one Associate Justice of the Supreme
Court.
In all probability the State and dis
trict conventions ut the Democratic
party will be held in the latter part of
August. It is the purpose of the poli
ticians of all parties to give the
Knights Templar a right of way in
September. The primary election this
year falls on August 9, that being the
second Tuesday of the month.
The contest for Congress in the
Fourth District may present some en
livening features. It would not be sur
prising If the Republicans nominated
J. E.* McDougald, the present Treasurer
of San Francisco. The definite an
nouncement was made yesterday that
Thomas D. Riordan would not enter
the race for Congressional honors.
If he were in perfect health and fit
to undergo the strain of an active po
litical campaign he might entertain the
thought of making the fight, but his
closest friends and political advisers
warn him to keep out of the struggle.
In the Republican camp of the Fifth
District there is some talk of nominat
ing R. H. Countryman for Congress,
but all the party leaders recognize the
fact that Santa Clara County must be
consulted In the naming of the Repub
lican nominee for Congress in this dis
trict, /
Treasurer J. E. McDougald
3Iay Get the Nomination
in the Fourth District
Archbishop 3Iontgomery and
Over One Hundred Clergy
3Ioum at Priest's Bier
HOLD SOLEMN SERVICES
academy in September, 1894, and is
not quite 29 years of age. His service
record to date is six years five months
sea service, three years two months
shore service and two months unem
ployed. He was with his father on the
Iowa at the Santiago fight July 3, 1898,
and be has been serving as aid on the
staff of his father on the Kentucky
during the two years' service in Phil
ippine waters. He has had an excellent
tutor, and the indifferent record he
made at the naval academy may have
compelled the- necessity for extra care
in developing the qualities of a good
naval officer. His standing at the an
nual examinations were as follows:
In the fourth class of GO members he
was number 30; in the third class of
55, number 38; in second class of 40,
number 28; first class of 28. number 25.
and in graduating class of 37 he'stood
number 31." It frequently happens that
mediocre students develop into good
all around naval officers, and such may
be the case of Franck T. Evans. He
succeeds Lieutenant C. F. Preston, who
has commanded the Sylph since 'April,
1902, and who stands 209 numbers
higher on the register than Lieutenant
Evans. ;
REWARDS FOR DESERTERS.
There is another mooted point of law,
the legality of which is questioned,
namely, the right of the Navy Depart
ment to withhold from enlisted men the
rewards and other expenses incurred
for the apprehension of deserters. Up
to 1897 there was no such charge on
the* books against the men; in 1898 the
amount was $1666; but fpr the year
1902-03 It had increased to' $27,629, and
the total for six years foots up to $51.
002. As to pay forfeited through court
martial sentences, the amount has
risen from $18,446 in 1894, to nearly
'$90,000 in 1903; pay forfeited through
unauthorized absence has increased
from $7414 in 1894. to $27,994 in 1903. and
deserters have forfeited $23,457 and $51,
000 during the years of 1894 and 1903,
respectively. The total pay forfeited
by sentence of courtmartial amounts
to $356,000 in round numbers during the
period of ten years; desertion pay for
feited makes a total of $443,000; loss of
pay by unauthorized leave $176,671, all
which detailed accounts with that of
apprehension of deserters makes a
grand total of $1,056,494 lost to the en
listed men. No data are available as
to the pay lost to officers through sus
pension for various periods or dismiss
als from the service by sentence of
courtmartial, but it is fair to assume
that the courts dealt out justice in the
same manner to officers as was meted
out to the enlisted force of sailors and
marines.
Taking in consideration the fact that
the total enlisted force has increased
from 11.100 in 1S94 to 35,554 in 1903. the
comparative Ehowlng of increase in
forfeited pay does not indicate that the
morale of the navy is deteriorating. In
1894 the pay lost by the men was $49,
317. equal to $4.44 per head; in 1903
the total was $197,036, or $5.54 to each
man of the force allowed by law, and
approximately up to the number. This
would show an apparent increase of
$1.10 per capita, but this is due to the
fact that the pay o* the enlisted men
has been increased since 1S94. There
Is undoubtedly room for improvement
in the enlisted force, to be effected
either through individual effort or
through less stringent application of
the rules of discipline, but,... on the
whole, there is a v^st Improvement on
the enlisted personnel of twenty years
ago.
The keel of the battleship Vermont
was laid May 20 at the Fore River
shipyard. Qulncy, Mass., whi^h firm is
also building the battleships New Jer
sey and Rhode Island. The Vermont
and Minnesota, sister ships, were au
thorized March 3, 1903, and the con
tracts signed June 20, 1903, the ships to
be completed by December 20. 1906, or
in forty-two months. The Minnesota is
being built at Newport News and Is
nearly one-quarter completed, while
the Vermont has not yet reached 10
per cent toward completion. There
has been no increased activity in
pushing work on Government con
tracts during the past six months and
with the present labor troubles at the
Fore River yards the concern will be
left far behind in the race by the
Newport News.
A GRAVEYARD QUESTION".
Captain W. H. Brownson, superin
tendent of the Naval Academy, has
recommended the transfer of the cem
etery at that Institution to some other
less conspicuous locality. It is only a
question of time, he says, when the
cemetery must be moved to accommo
date the growing needs of the academy,
and that right now the ground could
be utilized for the proposed naval hos
pital. This recommendation has raised
a storm of protest from other officers
in the nevy. The feeling is strong
against the transfer and the secretary
is inclined to side with the sentiment
against It. The cemetery is not a
gruesome sight In close proximity to
the living quarters and other build
ings of the acadeniy. There are quite
a number of historical monuments on
the grounds and in the cemetery — no
tably that erected in 1S06 in honor of
those who fell at Tripoli in 1804 — and
the presence of these records of valor
ous deeds by the navy should have an
inspiring rather than depressing effect
upon the staff and pupils of the acad
emy. The latest interments were those
of the two young midshipmen. Neu
mann and Ward, killed on board the
battleship Missouri on April 13 of this
year. ?.'••'• ',-;'*
Narh was arrested last we ek for dis
turbing the peace and vagrancy and
he promised Police Judge Mogan that
he would eo to Chiccgo. ~ The Judge
suspended sentence upon him and in
structed the police to see that Xa*h
carried out his promise.
E. O. Nash, known as the "Kid."
was booked at the City Prison yester
day morning' by Policemen Roediger.
Hmith and Fogarty on a charge of bur
plary. Between 2 and 3 o'clotfk yes
terday morning the patrolmen were
notified that a burglar had been dis
covered in the Hotel Ilex, 242 Turk
*?reet. on th<? third floor, and his pres
' m r- had caused tho greatest eonstr-r>*
t;i!ion among the g-uests. The officers
searched tho building from top to bot
lom. but could find no trace of the
midnight intruder.
On looking from a window on the
top floor they gaw thr» fig-ure of a man |
<-rouchir.K on the roof of a house In
the rear of 2S4 Turk street. They •
made their way to the roof and found !
Nash, who had Flid down the water I
pipe on the hotel building from the ;
room where he had been se*»n. When i
qu**tioned he said he called to «ee a i
woman in the hotel, but could not re- I
member h«r name.
E. O. Vash, Knmrn as th« "Kid." Is
Placed Under Arrest on a Charge
of Burglary.
MIDXIGHT INTRUDER GIVES
HOTEL. GUESTS A SCARE
Admiral Sir Cyprian Bridge of the
British navy severely critizes the lack
of comfort and defects In sanitary ar
rangements in many ofjthe lately built
j ships in that navy aX compared with
I foreign vessels. The battleship Lon
j don is the first ship in which a bath
• room has been fitted I far use of the
j admiral. Xone of the ships are pro
i vided with heating apparatus, and it
j is only quite recently that bread is
being baked on board, although such
' has been In practice on American ships
for more than fifteen years. Quarters
[ for officers and crew are cramped and
I armament and machinery space takes
! the precedence of all other consldera
1 tions. And yet British ships have less
gun power than. American ships, which
Hatter in addition to heavier armament
are far more comfortable than those
of any other navy.
The torpedo-boat Welland. built at
Y arrow, attained a mean speed of
26.1'4 knots during her three hours'
trial, the engines developing 7766 horse
power. The contract called for twenty
five knots.
The French naval authorities are
greatly alarmed over the fact that
plans of forts had been stolen and
hawked abput by an Italian named
Fragola, as recently stated in news
dispatches. He had offered the plans
and documents to several newspapers
in France and' England, but
his figures were too high ne
gotiations 1 fell through. He finally
communica'ed with the French
Ministers of War and Marine with
the result that the Government re
covered its property. M. Lockroy,
f»rrmer Minister of Marine, was at first
disposed to belittle the importance of
the incident, but has come to realize
the seriousness of the theft and pub
licity of the documents. There were
no less that forty-two plans of the
batteries of Brest, Toulon' and Cher
bourg, with the armament of each
battery, height of guns above the sea,
and, what is still worse, there were
detailed drawings of the position of
submarine mines and sunken torpedoes
off the principal naval ports. A vigor
ous investigation is being made into
the affair, and the Government * will
be put to great expense in effecting
such changes In the systems of defense
as will make the stolen information
valueless to foreign powers.
The French Minister of Marine is
considering the proposition' of changing
the forms of ships' turrets, making
them in the form of a half globe. The
weight, as compared with the present
shape, is claimed to be fifty per cent
less, while the curvature of the plates
would offer greater resistance to pro
jectiles than Is now obtained with ver
tical sides.
NEW WATER-TUBE BOILER '
Rear Admiral MIyabara, engineer-in
chief of Japan's navy, has invented a
water-tube boiler for which the claim
is made that It Is cheaper and simpler
in cc-nBtruction than either the Belle
ville. Niclausse or Babcock and Wll
cox boiler, and that given the same
space and weight the Japanese boiler
will give slightly larger power than
the Belleville. Its durability has been
tested in a tugboat, running constantly
for 1,\vo years withoui cleaning the
tubes, and when some tnne ago an ex
amination was made of two tubes
located in the worst region, they were
found to be as clean inside as when
new, nor were there any indication of
corrosion. This conclusively proved
that the circulation of water was all
that could be desired. ;:[;*:'¦¦'
John F. Hanscom, naval constructor
in the United States navy, having
reached the age limit of 62 years,
which makes retirement compulsory,
was retired from active service on
May 21 last. Mr- Hanacom was the
last officer in the constructor's corps
appointed from civil life, and now all
its members are graduates from the
naval academy. Prior to 1S79 all the
naval constructors and assistants were
selected from civilians assumed to
have the requisite qualifications, and
while In a few instances unworthy
persons entered the service as such
through political influences, the mem
bers of the corps were, in the main,
practical men and skilled in their pro
fession. In 1879 Secretary Thompson
selected three cadet midshipmen —
Schock, Bowles and Gatewood — as fu
ture naval constructors, and they were
sent to Greenwich College, England,
for a course cf study in naval archi
tecture. They were appointed assist
ant constructors in 1881 while still at
college. Schook and Gatewood died
and Bowles resigned, but the line of
succession still keeps on and the pro
motions have been rapid, as the older
constructors passed away and the in
creased building of ships required ad
ditional constructors.
A QUESTION OF SKILJa
Bureau of Navigation. *^
Lieutenant Evans entered the naval
• It was asserted that the appoint
ment or naval constructors from gTad
uates pf the naval »;ademy would pro
cure a higher skilled class of men
than could be had from civil life, but
twenty-four years* workings of the
system has not yet demonstrated this
assertion of superiority to be correct.
Practically all the ships of the new
navy afloat and building at the present
time were designed by T. D. Wilson
and Philip Hickborn, and the work
oi superintendence of construction up
to say eight years ago was mainly
done by constructors of long years'
experience. It yet remains to be prov
ed that the designs of battleship*, ar
mored cruisers and other war vessels
since 1901 will turn out- as improve
ments on prior designs, for while It
must be admitted that the new corps
of constructors excel their predeces
sors In mathematics and allied studies,
they have all had to learn the practi
cal part of shipbuilding and the man
agement of affairs and men after they
became officers In the navy, and these
latter essentials have in some Instances
not been satisfactory in practical ap
plication.
Franck Taylor Evans, a junior lieu
tenant in the United States navy, is
fortunate in having an influential
father in Rear Admiral Robley D.
Evans. Thev have Jtrst returned from
the Asiatic station after an absence of
two years and the rear admiral is
preparing for a term of shore service
that will terminate with his retirement
in August. 1908. Pending the selection
of the most desirable duty for himself
he has succeeded in getting his son
assimed as commanding officer of the
President's yacht, the Sylph, a' billet
that is, of course, sought for as lead
ing to fame and fortune. The yacht
is very rarely used except in a short
trip to Oyster Bay and return to
Washington during the summer, and
the duty is therefore not arduous. In
cidentally the captain of the* Sylph is
also in charge of the seamen's quar
ters at Washington. The friends of
young Evans have congratulated him
upon his. good fortune, while other of
ficers are ur.ble to account for his
selection except as an Instance of fa
voritism extended by his uncle, Rear
Admiral Taylor, who is chief of the
COXGEESSIONAL BATTLE
Thousands Attend Funeral
of Father Seanlan, Late
Hector of St. Joseph's
Republicans Will Nominate
Presidential Electors at
Santa Cruz, August 25
Admiral Sir Cyprian Bridge Severely Criti
cizes, the Lack of Accommodations for
the Officers and Men in Modern Vessels
LOVE IS SHOWN
AT THE GRAVE
PREPARATIONS
FOR ELECTION
ENGLAND'S NEW WARSHIPS
ARE NOT COMFORTABLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL 1 , WEDNESDAY, JUNE 8, 1904.
9
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
You ought to have
an Angelus piano
player at your
Summer home...
They cost no more than other piano
players and are so vastly superior that we hard-
iy feel justified in even making a comparison.
When You Come to Look at
The Angelus
NOTICE the natural sitting position, upright as
if seated at the piano at ordinary playing.
NOTICE how very -little pumping with the feet
is required and that half the time one's feet are
at a standstill.
NOTICE with what ease one makes the retard-
andos 2nd accelerandos. Just a pressure of
the finger gives the most delicate control.
NOTICE how it is possible to subdue the accom-
paniment and accentuate the melody.
NOTICE all these points, and then notice how
woefully lacking these points are in all other
makes of piano players.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.
Kearny and Sutter Sts., S. F\
ADVERTISEMENT*
STATEMENT
OF THB
COXDrXTOX AND AFFAIRS
OF TKB
COMMERCIAL UNION
ASSURANCE COMPANY
(Limited)
OF LONDON. ENGLAND. ON TKB M3T
day of December. A. D. 1903. and far th*
year endlnv on that day. a* made to th* In-
surance Commissioner of the State ot CaJlfor.
nia. oursuant to th* provision* of section*
610 and 611 of tbe Political Code, •condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
".;:;•' • capitau .v V--;
Amount of Caoital Stock paid «»
la Caah
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $SS3.14* <9
Loans on Bonds and Mortcafe*... 112.000 00
Cash M*rk*t Vaiu* of all Stocks
and Bonda owned by Comsany 2.21S.S33 73
Cash In Corocany's Offlc* 10. m T4
Cash In Banks 44X027 Tt
Interest due aad accrued ea all
Stock* and Loan* - l.CM 11
Interest due and accrued oa Bond*
and Mortca*** 1*37 SO
Premium* in du* Course of Col-
leetlon &98.W3 M
Bills Receivable, not Matured.
taken for Fir* aad Marina Risk* 8,293 43
Rents du* and accrued 9,834 33
Due from ether Companies for Re~
laauraac* on la**** already p*J4 •,333 7*
Total Assets ft.294.7Sl It
LIABILITIES. •
Losses adjusted and unpaid |10*22S U
Loase* tn Droceas of Adjustment
or la Suspense 210.503 44
Losses resisted. Including expense* SQ,«U Cx>
Gro*a premiums en Fire Rl*ks
running on* year or less. I2.C70.-
ZG1 04; reinsurance CO per cent.. 1.133. 133 tT
Groa* premiums en Fire Risks
runatne more than one year, (2>
181,190 M; reinsurance pre rata. 1,124.463 M
Qroes premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risk*. 163.-
•4ft «: reinsurance 10O per cent. «S.*M» 64
Oroas Dremlura* on Marine Tim*
Risk*. $37,810 el; reinsurance 60
per cent 1S.90B *9
Amount reclalmable by the In-
sured en Petvetual Fir* Poli-
cies 10B.JM 14
Do* for Commission and Broker-
age C5.O17 14
Return Premium* and Reinsurance
Premium* 40.828 S3
Tetal liabilities I2.9IO.C31 u
. *'" * , _
INCOME.
Net easa actually received tar
Fir* Premiums l3.StM.701 51
Net caaa actually received for
Marine premiums :S3.03S 7S
Received for Interest on Bonda
and Mortxa*** 7,637 T I
Received for Intereet and dividend*
on Bonds, Stocks. Loan* and
from ail other source* t%434 73
Recelve4 for Rents 46»»79 e»
Total Income t3.lSO.87O Bi
E3CFENDITCRE8.
Net amount Bald for Firs Less**
(•ncrudin* *31S,W» 87 lo**e* of
previous yeara) I1.499.S73 8f>
Net amount paid for Marine Losses 13&97* 47
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE SATURDAY— LAST 4 NIGHTS.
/VlELBOURNE
MacDOWELL
In the New and Successful Romantic Drama.
A CAPTAIN OF NAVARRE
PRICES: 15c, 23c, Me, 75c
DAVID "BELASCO
1 PRESENTS MRS.
LESLIE CARTER
In His New Play
DU BARRY
For a Limited Engagement. Commencing
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT
ReguUr Mat. Bat. Special Mat. Wed.
SALE OF SEATS COMMENCES
i TO-MORROW MORNING.
j Prices: $2.00. Sl.SO. »1.00. 75c. 50c
CALIFORNIA
fg BARGAIN MATINEE 5"Ak
TO-MORROW. "m
The Stirring W*r Play of the South, I
"THE CAVALIER" I
Presented hy PI
The Oliver Morosca Company |
The Greatest Stock Company In Ex- jj
ra ' . - istence. M
H Sunday— William Gillette's Masterpl*O |
H "SECRET SERVICE." U
R The greatest war drama ever written. O
6^BIC NEW ACTS -6
Truly Shattnck; Avon Comedy Potur;
Leah Russell; Braudow and Wiley;
Burke. Li Ene and he Inky Boys;
Gaston and Stone; Powers Brothers;
Orpheum Motion Pictures. Showing;
the Brooklyn Handicap, and
Marcel's Living Art Studies
Regular Matinee Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c, 25c
and 600. 1 ¦ -
Do you want to see a long line of buyers?
Come and watch how they crowd in to se«
the funny burlesque
XJ. S.
And then watch the enthusiasm for the com-
pany, specialties and novelties.
The people are such artists aa EDNA AUO,
GARRITY SISTERS, YORKE and ADAMS.
AL FIELDS. EDWIN CLARK. BEN DILLON
and ROY ALTON.
« A "Star" Chorus of Forty.
. • See Lionel Lawrence's
"EIGHT BASTU1S GIXH.8.-
Matinees Saturday and Sunday,
Same Popular . Prices.
"The Mormons" are comin*; atter "U. S."
A Succession of Surprises!
FORESTERS OF AMERICA
Gorgeous Carnival
AND r .f-?.
Street Fair.
UNDER AUSPICES OF GENERAL RELIEF
,"V -., , COMMITTEE.
2-TEAIN LOADS OP VOWT.TXB9—9
lffjurnlficent XUectrioal Display,
A Feast ot Fun and Frolic. -
Direction ot California Carnival Company.
¦ XOc— ADMISSION — 10O.
OPEN AFTERNOON AND EVENING. *'
Cor. Market, 11th. Van Ness ave. and 13th.
BASEBALL.
AT RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison Street*.
Oakland vs. San Francisco.
WEDNESDAY. THURSDAY AND FRIDAY,
• . 3:30 P. M.
SATURDAY. 3 P. M.
SUNDAY, 2:30 P. M..
LADIES' DAYS THURSDAY. AND FRIPAT.
Advance Sale ot Seats at 5 Stockton Street.'
AMUSEMENTS,
COLUMBIA »S
LAST 4 NIGHTS.
Matinee Saturday — Charles Frohmaa Presents
MAUDE ADAMS
In Her Greatest Triumph.
THE LITTLE MINISTER
"Possesses divine fire." — Examiner.
"A gTeat artistic success." — Chronicle.
"Refreshing as a dewdrop." — Bulletin.
"Simply bewitched the audience." — Call.
"Proves Irresistible." — Post.
Beginning NEXT MONDAT.
In the Miracle Play.
THE PROUD PRINCE.
By Justin Huntly McCarthy.
Author of "IF I WERE KING."
SEAT SALE TO-MORROW.
TIV0US,
O.VLT MATINEE SATURDAY.
TO-NIOHT— EVERT NIGHT.
The Military Comic Opera Triumph.
I SERGEANT |
J KITTY 1
Book and Lyrics by R. H. Burnslde.
Music by A. Baldwin Sloane.
Beautiful Production — Splendid Cast.
LILLIAN SEFTON, Frimi Donna Soprano
Usual TivoU Prices— 25c. 60c. 75<r.
LOOK OUT FOR "ROBIN HOOD.**
AT Pi 7 A "TTJBel.seo * Mayer.
ALCAZAR i rg^u
___ General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK.
J4ATINEE3 THURSDAY AND SATCRDAT.
fUNDER 2 FLAGS!
"Excellent performance." — Bulletin.
'"Is well worth seeln»." — Post.
\ MARVELOU8 SAND STORM SCENE.
I C1QARETTES RIDE FOR LIFE.
Eva;.. 23c to 75c Mats. Thurs. & Sat.. 23c to OOe
NEXT WEEK— LAUGH LONG AND LOtTD!
CKABXiET*S AUNT— —
THE COMEDY OF COMEDIES.
To Follow—Clyde Fitch's LOVERS" LANE.
Corolnr-MVHITE WHITTLESBY.
CENTRALS
Market street, near Eighth. Phone South 633.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK-
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Hal Reid's Phenomenal Eastern Success.
ITHEPEDDLERI
A Faselnatlne Heart Interest Dram* with a
Wealth of Comedy and the Greatest of all He-
brew Characters.
DDIfCC Evening* 10s to 50o
IA1VCJ Mattaet* lOe. Me. 23c
Vext week— Mammoth Revival ef
-——"THB OCTOBOOy— .
THE GREAT ALFONS,
Europe's Foremost Equilibrist.
Aad » Splendid Show Sr«zy Aftoraeoa
asd Evening la tao Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
KnrzATTJsa xoukotuo
Esmeralda and Her BABY MONKEY tn the
Zoo. x
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
AMATETTB NIGHT TKTJXSDAT.
Admlsaton. 10c; Children. 6c
BAJA CALIFORNIA.
Damiana Bitters
18 A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIOORa.
tor and Nervine, = \ « . 1
The moat wonderful sjphrodUiao and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sex**.
The Mexican KemMjr for Diseases of the
Kidneys and Bladder. Sell* on Its own merit*.
NABER. ALF8 * BRUME, Amnta,
> 873 Market it., S. r.—(3enA for CUculara.) .
Paid er allowed 1 for Commission
er Broken** M2.498 73
paid for 8aiarie*. Fees and other
charcea for officers, clerk*, eta. 1M.33T 47
Paid for State. National and Lo-
eal taxea M, 113 84
All otber payments and expendi-
tures 138.533 I»
Total Sxp<nd!tar*« 12.838.313 OS
' tire.
Los*** incurred durtnr the year ¦ -IKCim a*
Itiaks and Premiums. IFire Risks. J Premrnm*
Net amount of Risks) ]
written durinr the]
year f*33fl,037.»4 $4,«1.T3O 13
Kct amount of Risks!
expired durtnr thef
year 1343.800,684 3.178.983 4*
Net amount In force]
December 31. 1808.. f 39T.134.8g5 4.431.838 TS
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks.! Premium*.
Net amount ef Rlaks I
written durlrut the
year 198.434.840^ $233,800 «9
Net amount ef Risks J
expired durinr the I
year I 99.071.331) 290.4X5 21
Net amount in fr>rce| I
ly-cemtwtr ri. i9oa..i ysaiyx) IM.1&1 sm
A. H. WRAA Manas* r
ScbscrlbeJ »nd swam U *«ljr* »*. thu
20th d«y ot January. 1304.
R. Tt. RAT. Kotaty Futile.
C, F. UULLINS, Pacific Coast Minagsr,'
416-418 California St,
SAN rRANClSCO. CAL
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
ST/VTEyV\EINT
or the
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS - '4
OP THH
ALLIANCE
ASSURANCE COMPANY ,
(Limited.*
OF LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE 313T
day of December. A. D. 1903. and for th*>
year ending, on that day as mad* to the In*
surance Commissioner of tbe State of Cali-
fornia pursuant to the provisions of Section*
610 and 611 ot the Political Code, condensed
aa per blank tnrnlshed by tb* Commissioner.
ASSETS. . ;
Real Estate owned by Company $173,170 87
Cash Market Value of all Stocks '
and Bonds owned by Company... KS.73O 0O
Cash In Banka B&.443 34>
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and loan* 1.75© CO
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 83.863 0»
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marina RUits 100 00
Rents due and accrued 600 0O
T*ta| Aseets »sto.«01 1*
LIABILITIES.
LosaM adjusted and unpaid 11.T02 4T
Losses In process ot Adjustment er
In Suspense 1T.W «t
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nin* ene year or les*. $298,713 10:
reinsurance 30 per cent 113.338 M
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more tban one year. $137.-
0X8 1*- reinsurance pro rata 83,603 0s>
Due and to become «ue for Salaries,
Rent*, etc w ••••••• «•«» «
Due and to be«om* due for Com- '
missloaa «nd Brokerage 4.891 (3
Return premiums and relnsurane*
premiums ..... 1X183 23
Total UablHtlea $275.S1» 1»
K^.{ IXCOMB.
Net cash actually received for *¦»*•__-_ '
premiums $332,703 81
Received for interest and dividends
en Bonds. Stoeks. Loans and from
all other *ource* *?•£•! 55
Received tor Rents 52
Received trom Boms Offlc» 0.800 3S
Tetal Income 1434.114 M
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount pafa for Fir* Losses
Oncludinr $2»,7» 69, losses <rf .
previous year*) $171,537 41
Paid er allowed for Commission or
Broken** 87.717 64
raid for Salaries, Fees and other
charr** for of fleers, clerks, ete. . . 15.973 M
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes WMTI
All other payments ana expeadi-
tures 133.I93 99
Total expenditure. .1418.476 BT
f . Fir*.
Lease* Incurred dnrtnr the year ...$131. 19* «S
Risks and Premiums. Fir* Risks. Premium*.
Net amount of Risks
y^r 1 ?...?. 1^..": f».0«.4M m«T4
Net amount of Risks
yelr" 4 ..^!..^? M.630.023 $37,471 M ' \
K V*Z5£?SU1&: «3,»».m 43S,T312«
XXIJAH B- KENNEDY. PrwJdetit.
Of and for Weed ' * Kennedy, Mxrv
Subscribed and sworn to before me, t&fal
21st day of January. 1904.
F. F1SHBBCK. Notary Pabtfe
C. F. UULLINS, Pacific Coast Uanagtr,
416-418 California St..
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
WEEKLY GAXJ* f 1.00 7XS TBAjC
GaAPE-NTJTS.
Absolutely
Perfect
Food
That's
Grape-Nuts
and trial 10 days proves it
G*t the little book, 'The Road
to Wellvllle" In each pfc^.
ADVEBTISEBLENTa.
Da*. Charles
Flesh Food
SThe Great Beantifler
and Skin Tonic.
Ueed by leading actresses,
Ingers and women of the
lite society of two contl-
ients for more tban a quar-
ti of a century.
It Is the only preparation
having the unqualified
Indorsements of physi-
cians and recommended
; by them to INCREASE
\ FIRM. HEALTHY
I FLESH on thin, hoi-
> lowed cheeks and neck
without the use of liquid
medicines and tonics.
REMOVES WRINKLES from the face and
hands, no matter, how deep the furrow.
DEVELOPS THE IMMATURE BL'ST and
will rector*; a breast to Its natural beauty and
contour, loyt through sickness or nursing.
On Sale Department Stores and
Druggists.
fiFFFR ™. Th ? n *™ } * r Pri<* of Dr.
JlXVlAL UrrCII. Charles Flesh : Food Is
fl.CO a box. but to Introduce it Into thousands
of new homes we have decided to serid two (2)
boxes to all who answer this advertisement and
serd up $1.00. All packages are sent In plain
wrapper, postage prepaid. f
FDFP A sample box— Just enough to convince
riVLL. you of the great merit of Dr. Charles
Flesh Food— will be sent free for 10 cents
which pays for cost of mailing. We will also
Ferd you our ll!u»tr»ted book. "Art of Mas-
saT*," which contain* all the proper movements
for massaging the face, neck and arms, and full
directions for developing the bust. Address
DR. CHARLES CO., 108 Fulton St., Hew York
CASTOR I A
j For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears th* /lj? ' yZS^^^oT
\ Signature of L<6<~ S-JyCT&Zc/UAt
1
HOTELS AXD ILESQRTS.
(New)HOTEL BUTLER
SEATTLE^
t •
REMODELED -AND REBUILT at expense of
(260. noo — New Management — KNTIRJELT KIRK-
PROOF. '
LOCATION— Very acceiclble to street car
lines, theaters, etc. EUROPEAN PLAN.
223 ROOMS with LUXURIOUS QATUS—
Several private rooms Is antique decorations.
Turkish Baths In Hotel.
UNSURPASSED RESTAURANT. D* Stei-
trer. Chef, formerly of Waldorf-Astoria and
Chef to Prince of Wales.
HOTEL ORCHESTRA: Telephone Conaeo*
tlons in every room-: long- distance connection*
Biade with any part of the Coast.
' Wire for reservations, at our expense,
HOTEL BUTLER. Seattle, Wash.
PaliirA DON'T FAIL TO
1 mats iee ' A9 beautiful
j COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
unu parlor, the
H-.,,- 4 PALM ROOM, the
tinifld LOUIS XV PAR-
U1UUU LOR, and the LA.
11,^1- DIES' WRITING
Hotels room.£NEW YORK. June 7. — Had It not
been for the interference of P. J.
Dwyer, who believes he acted for the
best interests of the American turf,
Stuyve, belonging to F. R. Lanterman,
and Sheriff Bell, owned by Morris L.
Hayman, would have been matched
for the most , sensational race ever
known In this country. John W. Gates
offered to bet $50,000 that Sheriff Bell
would defeat Stuyve and Joseph Yea
ger, the latest aspirant for honors as
a, turf, plunger, promptly accepted,
promising to wager $50,000 and as
much more as Mr. Gates and his
friends cared to place in Jeopardy.
P. J. Dwyer, the principal stock
holder of the company owning the
Gravesend track, immediately vetoed
the plan.
and Sheriff Bell.
John W. Gates and Joe Yeager Each
Offer to Wager $50,000 on Stuyve
SENSATIONAL MATCH RACE
IS VETOED BY P. J. DWYER
Cy Townsend will br. paid according to the
showlnc he makes when he joins the ¦ San
Francisco team. If he plays extra good ball
he will be handed an extra fat wad. If he
plays ordinary ball an ordinary sum will be
his, and If he plays bad ball .he will be
cbased. Cy Is the only gliding scale artist
performing about these parts..
This Is the last week of baseball in San
Francisco for a month. All the action will
occur in Portland. Tacoma and Seattle, be-
Clnnlns next Monday. This little rest is to
be the first San Francisco fans have, had In
the history of the. national game on the coast
Yerkes , pitched yesterday with a piece of
bicycle tape on the pitching finger of his right
hand. He cut a dent In the member some
days ago and it refused to heal properly. • if
some of the other slabsters would try this
they might develop . into wonders. Yesterday
was the tlrst time Yerkes scored a shutout
this season. ¦ • •. -:
The baseball pennant race seesaw Is work-
Ing again and Oakland goes Into second place,
with Los Angeles coming strong and'Seattle
still in the running.
Dunleavy did not play yesterday, but he had
the Interest of his team at heart strong
enough to abuse the umpire and experienced
the pleasure of going from the tleld under
protection.
DIAMOND FLASHES.
CINCINNATI. June : 7. — The his
toric Latonla/Oaks was decided at La
tonia to-day and resulted In an easy
victory for Clay Bros.' entry. Outcome
and Memories. Outcome won first
money and Memories took the place
easily. Variora. the only other start
er, was third all the way. The net
value to the winner was $3750. The
track was lightning fast. Summary:
First race. bIx furlonga — Icicle won) St. Hera
second. Haidee third. Time, 1:14)4?
Second race, five furlongs — Handara won.
DIxelle second. Falsetto third. Time. 1:02
Third race, seven and a half furlongs' Mont
Peller won. Dutiful second. Two Penny third
Time. 1:34V&. -
Fourth race, Latonia Oaks, one and a auar
ter miles— Outcome 112 (Monroe) 1 to 5 won-
Memories 107 (Davis). 1 to 5, second- Variora
117 (Fisher). 4 to 1. third. Time. 2:08ii Thwe
starters, outcome and Memories couDled In
thr betting as Clay entry.
Fifth race, nve and a half furlongs— Dr
£f K *° i W £ n ii RetOrt • econd . McCIellan third!
Time, 1 .Uot.
Sixth race, one mile — Jake won. Jlrrer i.e.
ond. Christina third. Time. lMo7
Her Stable Companion, Memories,
Beats Out Variora, the Only
Other Starter, Handily.
HISTORIC LATONIA OAKS
IS WON BY OUTCOME
SEATTLE, June 7. — With the score
a tie in the ninth, Hughes forced in
a run. giving the game to Tacoma.
Thomas was effective at critical times.
Score:
Seattle — I Tacoma —
AB.R. H. P.A.I AB.R. H. P.A.
VanH. cf 3 1 1 3 0 Doyle, rf 5 2 0 1 0
Mohlr. 2b 3 1 0 3 4 Shehn. 3b 4 0 2 1 0
Dlhty, Sb 4 0 0 0 0 Nrdyk.lb 2 0 0 11 2
Frisk. If . 3 1, 1 0 0 Hasan, s. 3 0 1 1 5
Smith, rf A 0 1 2 0 Lynch cf 5 1 1 4 0
Brshr. lb 4 0 1. 8 2 Carey. 2b 5 0 1 4 4
Hall, ss. 3 0 O 4 3 M'Lgn. If 3 112 0
WilRon. c4 0 3 6 l.HcgaB, c4 0 0 3 4
Hughes.p 3 0 11 3 Thorns, p 4 0 1 0 1
Totals. 31 3 8 27 13l Totals.35 4 7 27 16
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 0 0 0 1 0 2 0 0 0— 3
Base hits 00 11 2 2 20 0— 8
Tacoma 0 1 0 0 0 0 2 0 1—4
Base hits 0 10 10 12 0 2 — 7
SUMMARY.
Errors — Mohler. Delehanty. Smith, Hall.
Hughes. Nordyke. Eagan, Thomas. Earned
runs — Seattle 1. Two-base hits — Lynch. Mc
laughlin, Sheehan. Stolen bases — Nordyke,
Hogan. Sacrifice hits — Mohler. Hall. Casey.
Double plays— Mohler to Hall: Brashear to
Hall. Bases on- balls — Off Hughes, ii; off
Thomas 1. Hit by pitched ball— By Hughes,
1; by Thomas, 1. Struck out — By Hughes. ;t;
by ?Thomas. 2. Left on basest — Seattle 5. Ta
coma 11. Time of garni — Two hours. Umpire
— O'Connell. ¦
HUGHES TOSSES GA3IE AWAY.
Seattle Pitcher Forces in Winning
Run In Ninth Inning.
It has been decided by the commit
tee in charge that delays at race meets
are dangerous and long waits will not
be possible under the system to be
adopted. A time schedule has been
arranged and will be furnished to the
captain of each team. Riders not
coming to their marks at the bell will
lose their chances of contesting. Three
handicaps are down for competition,
a five-mile tandem pursuit 'race has
been added and a mile point race for
individuals, with every quarter pole
as a finishing point' in .counting- the
winners, will complete an Interesting
afternoon of sport. \
The use of the track has been do
nated for the afternoon by \ the New
California Jockey'Club. As the riders
are going for glory and ribbons the
entire proceeds will go to the coffers
of the park amphitheater fund.' '
In the ten-mile relay the Bay Citys
California Cycling Club. New Cen
turys. Golden Gates. Central Citys, Pa
cifies and Stars will vie for honors
against teams from Stockton, San
Jose, Oakland and Sacramento. The
provisions of this, race call for five
men teams, each rider to go two miles,
and points for first, second. and third
places at the end of each mile to de
cide the ultimate winner. The man
finishing ahead in the first trip around
the. track will thus gain as much credit
for his team as the one to actually
win the race.
CRACK WHEELMEN' ENTER
FOR RACES- AT INGLESIDE
The captain of every wheel club In
San Francisco has ordered club runs
to Ingleside next Sunday and all cycle
dom will be represented at the big
blue ribbon meet in aid of the'pro
posed athletic amphitheater in Golden
Gate Park. All but two of the clubs,
the Ramblers and Verba Buena,
which do not number racing mem
bers, will have entries in the attrac
tive list of races on the card.
CHICAGO, June 7. — Richard Dwyer,
the popular starter, who was operated
on for appendicitis late last Saturday
night, is progressing favorably toward
recovery. His attending physician
gives it as his opinion to-night that
Mr. Dwyer will be able to start the
field in the American Derby on the
18th inst.
On account of his rugged constitu
tion and his magnifloent physique Mr.
Dwyer is recovering rapidly from the
operation and it is believed in a few
days he will be enjoying his usual
rugged health. " •
DICK DWYER IS RECOVERING
FROM A SEVERE OPERATION
His Physician Says the Popular
Starter Will Be Able to Officiate
on American Derby Day.
By the Chicago Inler Ocean.
First race — Tcnnyburn, Rather
Royal. Hawtrey.
Second race — Itacatiara. Golden
Link, Eva Moe. .
Third race— Jade. Lalonde, Useful
Lady.
Fourth race — Prince Sllverwinjss.
.Moharlb. Felipe Lugo.
Fifth race — Sylvia Talbot, Amer
icano. The Crisis.
Sixth race — Tancred, Harrison,
Rnnkin.
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
CHICAGO. June 7.— Waddell was on the
rubber for Philadelphia for the third ponsecu
tlve day and proved easy for the locals. Ms
support was ragged and the rrrors were all
costly. Attendance. 22CO. Se^re:
_,. * R. It. E.
Chicago a 10 ;.
Philadelphia 1 4 «
Batteries— Patterson and Sullivan; Waddeli
and Schreck.
ST LOUIS. June 7— The St. Louis Ameri
can League team defeated the Washington
Club to-day. Howell's pitching for the local*
was steady and effective, while Patten was
erratic at times. Attendance. 150O. Score:
St. Louis «' j 2 " '•>
Washington 3 9 '1
Batteries — Howell and Sugden; Patten anJ
Drill.
DETROIT. June 7.— Dlneen had Detroit at
his mercy for six Innings, but after that thev
nearly batted out a victory. Attendance. 10OO.
Score:
R. B. E.
Detroit .*. - 12 2
Boston 4 , T <>
Batteries — Donovan and Buelow; Dtneea and
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
June T. — Chicago defeated
Brooklyn to-day. Poor Judgment by Shreckar.1
of Chance's drive In the Bfth inning gave Chi
cago tie game. Attendance. 2500. Score:
_ R. 11. K.
Chicago 2 10) .1
Brooklyn % ' 5 n
Batteries— Corrtdon and Kline; Jonet) an.!
Bergen. Umpire— Zlnsmer.
NEW YORK. June 7.— Pittrtmrg shut out
the locals at the Polo grounds to-day In a
game which was made Interesting by many
clever fleldlns plays. Attendance. 4000. Score •
Pittsburg *.-t "j E j
New York o 6 1
Batteries^ — Leever and Phelpn; . Taylor mnri
Warren. Umpires — CDay and Emslle.
PHILADELPHIA. June- 7.— St. Loni« won
to-day's game by clean hitting, finding Mitchell
readily whenever runs were needed Taylor
was Invincible except In the fourth" when a
double by T1tU3 cleared the bases. Attendance
1200. Score:
* H K W
St. Louis &' i^" {
Philadelphia 3 « 3
Batteries— Taylor and Grady. Mitchell an!
Dooin. Umpire — Moran.
BOSTON. June 7. — Boston shut out Cincin
nati in a brilliantly played game to-day. A
one-handed catch by Cooley and Geler's throw
to the plat* wer» notable. Attendance, SCO.
Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 2 7 1
Cincinnati 0 6 o
~ -.,, — Plttlcger and Needham: Suthoff
• r.d Pelts.
(NATIONAL LEAGUE.)
NATIONAL LEAGl'E. [AMERICAN LEAGUK
W. I* Pet.! W. L. Pet.
Chicago 27 12 .tKVJ Boston 23 12 .7<iT
New York... 27 13 .*75 Cleveland ..22 15 .3Xi
Cincinnati . .2S 14 .«67iNew York. . .Ti 17 .5«-.
St. Ix>uts 10 1!» .5O>» rhlcasso 24 1J» ..V.*
Pittsburg ..1!» 21 .47.-. Philadelphia Ti IS ,.Vh>
Brooklyn ...17 2« .3TC. St. Louis 19 19 ..Vn
Boston 15 2« .3S5,P»troit 1~ 2>J r~T:
Philadelphia. 7 3<» .1*0 W--hfngton . 7 32 .17!)
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
CINCINNATI IS BLANKED
BY HUB CITY TOSSERS
He saved Andy Gallagher till the
last and went two exceedingly fast
rounds with the lively heavy-weight.
It was then he showed the great im
provement. Gallagher would work
him into a corner, but the miner had
a habit of shooting out his left and
catching Andy one that could not be
classed with the easy punches.
The pair went two hurricane rounds
and Munroe showed wonderful foot
work. He would let Andy get to him
with a couple of stiff wallops every
now and 'then, but always happened
lo be right back with one which re
sounded throughout the gymnasium.
A number of the miner's friends from
Butte who were present went into
ecstacies over Jack's showing.
Aside from boxing Munroe did his
usual roadwork and also went through
his stunts In the gymnasium, in toss
ing the medicine ball he showed up
fasL He has a peculiar style when
Indulging in this exercise and instead
of catching the ball with his hands
lets it hit him on the stomach and
ehesL He kept this up for some time
yesterday, but the hot ones that Gal
lagher shot at him only made him
smile.
Il was a bad day for Jack Munroe'B
•sparring partners yesterday, for every
one of them felt the force of the
diner's stiff punches and one had to
quit or else be pounded into insensi
bility. It was the banner day for
hard work and heavy punching in the
amp and even the most conservative
t>f Jack's admirers w,ere overjoyed at
th<* great improvement he displayed.
Ho had nve big, strapping heavy
voighls to punch at and grew more
willing as he faced each. He went
first with Joe Long. George Sullivan
¦uid big llanasso, the double of Jim
Jeffries. Perhaps his sparring part
ner's resemblance to the champion in
cpired Munroe to go and get him, for
ffo he did. He caupht Manasso an
awful jolt in the stomach ere they
had been at it a minute and the lat
ter went down writhing. This was re
peated shortly after and then Manasso
fiuit for keeps.
Xor did any of the others fare well
Rt the hands of the miner. Whenever
he cut loose his punches had their
effect. Each man was praying for the
round to end, and, stall and feint as
they would, they could not keep the
big fellow at a distance. •
Munroe Cuts Loose.
Heavy- Wricht Boxers Suffer When
CHICAGO. June 7.— Sad Sam.
Americano. Sylvia Talbot. John A.
Scott jind other sprinters will meet at
Harlem to-morrow over six furlongs.
The day's entries:
FIr?t race, five furlongs, maiden two-year
ot.is r.nr.:ii* Prince Charlie 105. Proprietor
113 Tennyburn 110. Rather Royal 105. Narses
HO' Hutwill 9S. Swedish Lad 110. Hawtrey 110.
Ltflu? 110. Prince Magriet 113.
¦ Seccnd nice, short course, steeplechase han
dicap—Snowdrift 12S. Leo Planter 130. Hand
vice 142. Donami 125. Miss Brandon 125. Ita
catiam LC3. Golden Link 149. Eva Mo* 140.
Third roce four and a half furlongs, the
Petit- Stakes— Belle of Ashland 110. La Londe
120. Ladv Tasca 115. Peggy Mine 115, Useful
Lady 113 Lndy Fashion 110. Pegzy O'Neal
115 Broadway Girl 112. Regale 110. Bell* Kin
nev" 11<». Jade 112. The Mist 115. Seasick 102.
Fourth race one and a sixteenth mlle»^ —
Miss Crawford SS. RainUnd 112. Bearcatch-r
107 Prince Sllverwings 107. Flower King 107.
Moharlb 11.'.. Woodson 107. Felipe Lugo 112.
Fifth race sis turlones— Little Mission 95.
Gvrz-re 05. 'Americano 114. Harney 102. Ner
vator 114. The Crisis 1C5. Sylvia Talbot 107.
John A. Scott 110. Sad Sam 09.
Fixth nice, one and a quarter miles, selling
— Omdurman 107. Lou Woods m>. Ran fc ' n 10 *--
Tancred 107. Banter 105. Harrison 105. Marcos
Weather cloudy: track Eood.
HARLEM TRACK ENTRIES.
GRAVESEND SELECTIONS.
By the. New York Telegraph.
First race — Astarlta, Arabo, Ascen
sion.
Second race— Gilpin, Gotowin, Es
tclla J. ''
Third rac<? — Radinncc, Thomas' en
try. Colonsny.
i Fourth race— Incantation, Chrysitis,
Wayward Ljiss. "V
Fifth race — Stuyvc, Charles El
wood.. Sheriff Bell.
Sixth nice — Brooklynite, Sir Lynne
wood, SI. Galien.
NEW YORK, June 7. — Hermis is
entered In the one and one-eighth
mile handicap to-morrow at Graves
end. The Thomas representative must
shoulder 133 pounds. This is forty
five pounds more than Scotch Thistle
will have up. The day's entries:
First race, about six furlongs. selling.
three-year-olUs and up — Astarlta 111, Bardolpb
111. Ascension KM. Athel 106. Arabo 100. Cot
tase Maid 105. Martinmas 103. Commonetta
iKS, King Pepper 9S, Jane Holly IN>. Tomcod
'.•6. Dapple . Oold 92. Judge De nton 92. Cra
thawn IW. Palette JtO. Lady Mirthful b". Gay
Llzette 84. Merry Moment* 84.
Second race, tlve and a half furlongs, maid
en two-year-olds — Jerry C 112, Prince Joseph
112. Billy Bailey II 112. Flying Redskin 112,
Gllpin 112. Knight of Pr-arl 112, Councilman
112, Pete Dalley 112, Golden Buck 109, Ben
lala 100. Gotowin 109. Queen Uose 109, Anti
mony 109. Maggie Stroup 10ft. Idle Hour 109,
Kstelle J 1C9.
Third race, one and an eighth miles, handi
cap, three-year-olds and up — Hermis 133. Car
buncle 114. Andy Williams 109, Audience 100,
Orthodox 99, Himself 9o. Colonsay 90. Scotch
Thistle S3.
Fourth race, five furlongs, the Clover stakes,
two-year-olds — Czaraphlnc 119. Gaylard 107.
Nova LieUt 107. AVayward Lass 107. Nov.'na
107. Chrysitis 107. Diamond Flush 107, Mirth
less 107. May M 107. Incantation 107, Sim
plicity 107, Raiment 107, Dance Music 107,
Klamesha 107.
Fifth racs. one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing, three-year-olds and up — Sheriff Bell 116.
Btuyve 115. Highlander s 108, Hyland 108.
Charles Elwood 1OU. Merry Acrobat 106. Lord
Melbourne 103. Wild Pirate 105. Conkllng 98,
Sir Roche 98, Passbook 98, Monadnock 91,
Jlevellte 90. Trepan 103. Bowery 86.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth ; mile?,
maiden three-ypar-olds— Sir Lynnewood 112.
NIc Longworth 112. Toprlght 112, Flexion 112.
Brooklynite 112. St. Gallen 112. William Pig
eon 112. Patagonian 112, Oradell 109, Memphis
109. Belleclaire 107. Taisezvous 107.
Weather clear; track slow.
GRAVESKX1) ENTRIES.
ANGELS BUNCH TIIKIR HITS.
Urenk Up Game hy Scoring Four Runs
hi Fifth Round.
LOS ANGELES, June 7. — The
Champions easily defeated Portland
to-day by the score of 6 to 3. Hall
for the locals was hit freely through
out the game, but the home team
bunched their hits on Druhot in the
fifth inning, scoring four runs and
winning the game. Drennan was put
out of the game by Umpire McDonald
for using abusive language. Score:
Los Angeles — .1 Portland —
AB.R. H. P.A.) AB.R. H. P.A.
Toman. s. 3 2 2 2 ti Drnan.cf. 2 0 2 10
Flood.L'b. 4 0 12 1 McOie.rf 5 0 110
Smith. rib. 4 12 4 1 N'adau.lf. .10 0 0 0
Bernrd.cf 4 113 OBeck,2b.. 5 1 2\ 2 5
Cravth.rf 4 0 10 0 Franovtb 4 O t (> 2 4
Wheler.If 4 0 0 2 OSchmer.g 4' 0 1 1 4
Chase.lb. 4 119 2Stltnn.lt). 4 0 2 13 ;0
Sple».c... 4 0 1 4 5 Rhea.c... 4 112 0
Hall.p... . :f 1 1 1 3 Druhot. p. :i I 1/0 I
— Thlmn.cf 2 0 1 2.0
Totals. 34 6 10 27 18 .
I Totals. 3G 3 11 24 14
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Anpeles 10 0 04100 x— 6
Base hits 2 10 O 4 2 0 1 x— 10
Portland 0 1 1 0 0 0 1 O 0—3
Base hits 1 2 Z 1 1 0 2 2 0—11
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Bernard. Steelman.' Errors —
Smith 2, Mood. Spies, Hall. Beck. Two-bare
hits — Smith. Chase. Sacrifice hit — Drennan.
First base on errors — Los Angeles 1. Portland
1. I*eft on bayes — Los Anseles 5, Portland 9.
Bases on balls— Off Druhot 2, off Hall 2.
Stnrk out— By Hall 2. by Druhot 1. Double
plays — Hall to Chase; Toman to Chase. Passed
ball— Shea. Wild, pitch— Hall. Hit by pitcher
— Nadeau. Time of gamn — 1 hour and 45 min
utes. Umpire — McDonald.
There will be evidences of great hi
larity up in the wilds of Lake County
when the story is told that Jeffries is
afraid of Munroe and that he wants to
put off the evil hour of meeting the big
miner from Butte as far as possible.
This was one of the stories which grew
quickly out of the. one regarding the
postponement. The fight will take
place on time, and from the confidence
of the men it should be the most sen
sational battle ever fought for the
heavy-weight title.
Manager Delaney and Secretary
Egan entered strong disclaimers that
any one had been authorized to speak
for them in the matter.
"We cannot understand how the
story started," said Egan yesterday.
"We will answer 'Ready' when the call,
to the ring is issued. Jeffries is trained
now and it is only a matter of keeping
him at that notch. Our only fear from
the Ftart has been that Munroe would
want additional time."
The department of publicity for the
Jeffries-Munroe championship fight
made a late but brilliant start on Mon
day by announcing that Jeffries desires
a postponement of the affair. The story
had its desired effect and the fight fans
were given something to discuss, a con
dition much to be desired by the man
who stands guard over the box office. .
Denials came thick and fast yester
day. Jeffries said he never felt better
in his life and that he was ready to
fight at an hour's notice. He said a
postponement was farthest from his
thought and that if he had to train for
three weeks more he would take to the
tall timbers.
It Is known Jeffries prefers Graney,
who is the official referee of the Yosem
ite Club. Pollock, backed up by Young
Corbett. who is coming west with him,
will make a big fight if Graney's name
is mentioned. Munroe has no objec
tion to the Californian for referee, but
he will undoubtedly leave this detail
to Pollock.
When Harry Pollock, the astute man
ager of Jack Munroe, challenger for the
world's championship, comes over the
Sierra Nevada Mountains and sees the
pictorial advrtisements for the Jeffries
llunroe light, he is likely to have heart
failure. ;
On all the advertisements the face
of Eddie Graney looks out on the world
in open-eyed wonder. The little horse
shoer has on his Tuxedo, not the one
a certain obliging manager loans to
impecunious boxers in which to be pho
tographed. Under the photograph is
the non-committal caption, "Edw. M.
Graney, the peer of referees."
This does not intimate that Graney
is to referee the big mill, but it is pos
sible many people will so construe it.
Pollock i3 not one of these. The New
Yorker will never forget March 25 of
this year when Graney gave Britt the
decision over Young Corbett, who is
also in Pollock's charge. He vowed
then that he would put Graney out of
tho refereeing business. •
He tried to prevent the California!!
from refereeing the Uodenbach-Berger
amateur fight, wiring out a psremptory
command to Rodenbach not to accept
Graney. The officials paid no heed to
his command, but carried out their
original programme.
Request for Postponement of
Fight Is Not Authorized
by Jeffries.
Question of Referee Will
Soon Be the Issue of
the Hour.
LATEST PHOTOGRAPH OF CHAMPION JEFFRIES TAKEN AT HARBIN SPRINGS
BY DANA & PKTERSEN. THE PICTURE SHOWS THE BENEFICIAL EF
FECTS OF JEFFRIES' TRAINING IN KIS TRIM, ATHLETIC FIGURE.
First Race — Sharp Bird. Ethel Da
tIs. Tribes.
Second Rnce— The Doctre**. Wil
lowdene, Jardine de Paris.
Third Race— Forehand, Seotch
Dance. Footlights Favorite.
Fourth Race — Taby Tosa. Dan Mr-
Kcnna, Lacian.
Fifth Race — Blissful. Laura Huntrr.
Radium.
Sixth Race — Pathos, Lord Tenny
son, Conundrum.
DEL3IAR SELECTIONS*.
ST. .LOUIS. June 7. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Delmar
track are as follows:
First race six furlong', selling— Fefcy Blu*
10». Sharp Bird «>. Miss GuUlo 00. Uranium
97. Goody Two Shoes 07. Lady Hasbrouck 97.
Cornelian SW5. G*or*p Vivian »•>. Tribes 92. Fan
nette 86 Major Carpenter S3. Ethel Davia ;i4.
Second race. nine-aixteenth» of a mile, sell
injc—Garrttt Wll«on 109. Dotage 1C6, Willow
dene 106, De Grammont 1<XI. Jardin de Paris
103. The Doctress* 101. Our M«> 1W, De Vlnc«
98 Pacheta 93 Tommy O'Hara 98. Annabel!*
Lee 85.
Third race. «*ven furlongs — Scotch Dance 96.
Forehand 96. Just So OS, Footlight's Favor
ite 9C.
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yard*,
handicap — Dan MeKenna 10S. Taby Tosa ltti.
Luclan 99. Never^nch 94.
Fifth race six furlonir'. selling — Laur*
Hunter 1C9. Elissful 106 Rush Reuben 101.
One More 104 Cloverton ICC Stumn Town tOO,
General Pri* 102. Jake Ward 00 Onanetta !>T.
Lady Contrary 94. Due!a »4. Radium 87.
Sixth race, one mile and twenty yards. «oll.
| njr _Conundrum 107. Stlnc 10«. Dawson 104.
Pathos 1C3, Khaki 103. Falkland 94. Lord Ten
nyson 83.
Weather clea*; track good.
DELMAR TRACK KNTRIES.
Errors— Miller. Schlafley, Kruger. Home
runs — Massey. Htldebrand. Two-base hits —
Waldron 2. Maitscy, Reitz. First base on er
rors — San Francisco 1. Oakland '1. First base
on called balls— Off Schmidt 7. Left on bases —
San Francisco 10, Oakland 4. Struck out— By
Yerkes 1. by Schmidt 5. Hit by pitcher—
Reitz. Double play — Lohman to Francks.
Time of same— 1 hour and 50 minutes. Um
pire — Huston.
SUMMARY
San Francisco... 05102 0 00 0— S
Base hits 04 113000 1—10
Oakland 0 0 0 0 O 0 0 0 O— 0
I5a«e hits 000111000—3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco— I Oakland —
AB.R. H. P.A.| AB.R. H. P.A.
Miller.s.. 5 110 3 Ganley.rf 4 0 12 0
Hllilbd.lf 3 2 14 0 Franks.B. 4 0 O 4 2
Wldrn.cf 5 13 8 OlSchfly.l'b. 4 0 0 10
Meany.rf. 5 0 10 0!Krugr.cf 4 0 13 0
Irwln.Sb. 4 0 0 0 4,Devrx.3b 3 0 0 0 2
Reitz.2b.. 1112 ljMBkmn.lf 3 0 14 0
Leahy.c,. B 0 0 2 OjStreib.lb. 3 0 0 5 0
Ma.iey.lb 5 S .1 11 0 Lohmn.c 3 0 0 7 2
Terkes.p. 3 0 0 0 O'.Schmdt.p 3 0 0 11
Totals. 30 8 10 27 81 Totals. 31 0 3 27 7
Oakland could not hit at all, and it
was easy for Yerkes to score a shut
out. He had grand command of the
ball and seemed to know the weakness
of every man *bn the Oakland team.
Massey will probably be released to
day, as Uncle has signed up Cy. Town
send, last year's guardian of the Sac
ramento initial bag. The score:
"Ilabbit" Miller soused it out past
second base and Reitz arrived. Hilde
brand walked arid Waldroij unloaded
a double out to center; scoring two.
Meany's single to the same place com
pleted the run-making for the inning.
Massey smashed it out over the left
field fence in the third. After he had
doubled in the fifth Hildebrand sent
the leather out on a line to Ganley.
The latter f^ll down and the ball
rolled to the fence for a homer. ¦
Mr. Schmidt did not have a thing
that Uncle's warriors could not hit
yesterday at Oakland. They let the
flrst inning pass without doing the
run-getting act, but landed something
awful in the second, going through
the ceremony of driving In five runs.
Score, 8 to 0. .
Schmidt was at his worst, certainly,
for^he possessed neither commund,
speed nor curves. It was partly
through his wildness that San Fran
cisco gained such an ea/sy victory and
partly because he was so easy to hit
when men were oft the bases.
Reitz was the first man up in the
second and Schmidt drove the ball
into his ribs. Leahy fanned, but Mas
sey flopped a "Texas Jeaguer" to short
center. Yerkes made the second out
by missing three strikes, so it looked
pretty good for Oakland.
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
Tacoma 40 2tt .S7U Seattle 5532 .523
Oakland JU 30 .565 S Francisco.. 31 o7 .45ij
Los Angeles. 3D 31 .657 Portland 20 45 .30b
(Pacific Coast League.)
STANDING OF THE CLUBS,
Commuters Swing Away for
Nine Innings, but Cannot
Hit the Leather. Safely
YERKE3 SCORES SHUTOUT
r>urinB the progress of the ball game
Jfff became nettled over some rough
play on the part of Kennedy and his
brother, Jark Jeffries. He promised
rath a c>cri time to-morrow with the
giovrp for It Jack replied. "Well, we
•will h» there." It remains to be seen
Whether or not their feet will require
farming uhen the time comes.
Among the visitors here is Will Ken
nedy, a well known New York politi
cian and an enthusiastic admirer of
Jeffries. He will have a ringside seat
at the battle on the 17th inst.
If victorious over Jack Munroe. the
champion has received a splendid offer
to aopear at St. Louis immediately
after the scrap. Forty thousand for a
forty weeks' encasement is rumored,
but Jeff says it is hardly as much as
that.
First came the wrist machine and
pulley weights, which serve to warm
him up as a preliminary gallop does a
horse previous to the real test In the
race. Then followed the battle with
the g-reat Jumbo sand bag. With the
perspiration streaming from every pore
Jn his giant body, Jeff shoved and
liugged and wrestled with the ponder
ous weight for twenty minutes. Pre
vious to this he had thrown a bunch of
rights and lefts at the leather punch-
Ing bag. They were not love taps,
either, for each blow was dcllved with
force enough behind it to fell a bullock.
Picking up his rope, Jeff next skipped
J'2.2 times. He extracts many beneficial
r<fults from this form of exercise, for
the entire weight of his body is always
resting on the ball of one foot. Some
fifty-yard sprinting followed, then a
plunge and a rub down and Jeff was
ready for luncheon. The champion
paid he would work again in the gym
nasium before dinner time, but altered
Ji:j= plans and went for a six-mile Jog
on the road instead. In the evening he
l^articipated in a ball game and before
retiring for good tossed the medicine
ball for fifteen minutes with his spar
ring partners, Joe Kennedy and Jack
Jeffries.
"Why," said he, "when 16 I weighed
WZ, and I emoked ko incessantly that
my lunge felt as if they were all
a'olaze. Only for that I'd been an aw
ful strong man."
He can carry an upright piano" on
his head and lick six ordinary men,
und what a great help to his family
he would be if he possessed any addi
tional strength!
Almost any athlete can do better
vhcii performing before company, and
t> ith a fashionable attendance to wit
ness a demonstration of his prowess
«nd endurance at training quarters
this forfnoon the champion was right
on his mettle.
After working furiously for more
than an hour and a half, he gargled
his throat and sat down on the rowing
ir.achine for a brief breathing spell.
Jlis weight is Btill a matter of
conjecture, and while his girth meas
urement has been reduced several
inches and his limbs look clean cut
and (symmetrical, he must tip the scales
in the neighborhood of 225 pounds.
Once an inveterate cigarette fiend,
the champion says he has not rolled
n brown paper since the flrst day of
the year. In referring to the days
«i hen boiler-making was his vocation,
Jr ft asserts he then smoked 100
• is-arettes a day, at a conservative es
timate.
HARBIN SPRIXGS, June 7.— In ad
dition to th* ueual coterie of guests
here at the springs. Champion Jim
Jeffries' petite wife, becomingly at
tired in white lawn and silks, and Mrs.
Dclaney, wife of the big fellow's man
ager. Billy Delaney. were among the
spectators at the "gym" this morning.
No bftxing was indulged in, but Jim
worked like a Trojan on the different
muscle and sinew developing appli
aisees. «
Bj F. E. .MullinllHiid. •
SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
Co to I — Buttling. 105 (Burns).... 1 3 1 l")j
6 to 5— Niblick. 114 (H. Phillips) 2 2 2 2 2
50 to 1— Confessor. 102 <E. Walsh) 4 In 3 3^-i
Time, 1:03 2-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner. J. L. McGlnnls' vh. c. by t>tar kuoj
Falsalara. Observer. Suffice, Salvage, Grand
Slain. Salt and Pepper. Chief Mlllken. SIgllght,
Donroyal and Steel Trap finished as named. •
FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
4 to 1— Cinclnnatus. lies U'orr) — 1 6 3 1 .154
5 to 1 — The Rhymer, 1(>S (Thmpsn) 8 5 h 2 Vi
4 to 1— Dappcl Gold, SKI (Phillips) 2 2 n 3 » 3
Time 1:54. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner, W. C. Smith's ch. c. by Ornament-Emma
Primrose. Beverly. McMeekin, Queen Belle,
Southampton, Akela. Steelmaker. Tol San. Pre
torlus and Paget finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One and a quarter miles;
the Standard Stakes; for three-year-olds:
Betting. Hor?e. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
6 to 1— MaJ. Dalng'flld, 12S (Mrtn) 3 4 6 1 »i
7 to 5 — Africander. I'-'ti (FulkT>. . 5 3 ?i 2 2o
3 to 2— Hermis, 12S (H. Phillips). . 1 1 h 3 3Va
Time 2:10. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. W. B. Leeds' blk. h. by Handn>rlng-Mon
droit. Montreson. Ostrich and Broomstick fin
it-hed as named.
SECOND RACE— One and a sixteenth miles,
selling, mares three-yeara-old and upward.
Bet ting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
11 .to in — FlammuU, 107 (Shaw>. 4 12 1 h
13 to 1 — Copprlla. IM> (McFadden) 5 2 h 2 2*4
2 to 1— Ella Snydor, 101 <Hlld) 1 6 1 3 2fc
Time, 1:51 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, W. H. Kraft's ch. f. by Flambeau-
Gretcl<en. Flara. Nigrette. Witchcraft, Nine
Spot, Naughty Lady, finished as named.
THIRD RACE — Five furlongs, handicap, fwo
year-olda.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
7 to l<i— Waterside. 121 (O'Neill) 3 13 15
20 to 1— Gamara. US (Hlldsbrnd) 2/M)3«
1j to 5— Amberjack, K>7 (DO'Cn) 14 13 5
Time 1 :02 3-5. Start good. Won eaally.
Winner' N. Bonnlngton's b. c. by Watercress-
Troyene. /Maximilian, FlybacTt. GoldHeur, nn-
Ished as namid.
GRAVESEND, N. Y., June 7.— The
running of the Standard stakes to-day
proved three things to thousands of
racegoers who witnessed the stirring
struggle. One was that Major Dain
gerfield has rturned to the superb
form which induced W." B. Leeds to
buy him from "Diamond Jim" Brady
for $25,000. Another was that the
year has not added to the courage of
Hermis, and he may be put down as
the same faint-hearted horse, and the
third is that Africander is a good
horse at present and will be, a danger
ous factor "in the Suburban handicap.
Major Daingerfield, carrying 116
pounds, defeated Africander, carrying
125,. in easy fashion.
The Standard had its luster dimmed
by the withdrawal of Irish Lad anrl
The Picket, but even in its amended
form it provided an interesting strug
gle. Hermis and Africander opened
pretty close to even favorites, as if
the layers were in doubt and were
feeling their way. They had not long
to wait, for the preference of the ex
perts was for Africander. The smart
money on him drove his price down,
while Hermis receded in the betting.
Major Daingerfield seemed to be
neglected. The Major has acquired
a bad reputation. Some days he runs
in brillant fashion, other days he will
not run at all, so the racegoers have
tired wagering dollars on the guess
that he would or that he would not.
Summaries:
FIRST RACE— About six furlongs, handicap,
three-ycar-elds.
Betting. Horse.' Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
21 to 5— John F, 110 <BuIIman). 3 1 '.» 1 2
11 to ft— Orm's Hisht. Ill (Lyn) 5 4 2 2 Hi
« to I— Coll Jeesup. 118 (Burn) 1 2 3 32ti
Time, 1:14 3-5. Start cood. Won handily.
Winner. J. L. Holland's b. c. by St. Issey-
Australian Oold. Stalwart, James V, Con
sideration, finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SIXTH RACE— One mile: selling: three
year-olds. _
Betting HOTM Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
U to 5— Schoolmate. OS (Conway) 2 2 h 1 nk
30 to 1— Edw Hale. 103 (Lwrnc) 5 6 nk 2 3
0 to 5— The Mighty. 104 (Larsn) 4 1 " 5
Time 1:43. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner W S. Price's b. g. by Wadsworth-Mar
garet Jan« Rough and Tumble 108. Durbar
Sft Arab 00. Watermelon 94. Sam Stevens 91.
Flantua 10O. La Chaperone. 93. finished as
named.
Time 1:C2 3-.V ' Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. S. S. Brown's b. c. by Ben Strome-
Florlo. Double 08. Modredlaw 104. finished as
named.
FIFTH RACE— Five furlonga; purse; two
year-olds.
Betting Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?; Fin.
11 to 5— Florentine OS (Rohblns) 3 1 nktl »i
11 to 1— Fqr. Johnsn 9S (Knapp) 4 3 5 2 n
Even— Plnkerton. 103 (Mountn) 2 2 2*i" 4
FOURTH RACE— Seven furlong?:* purse:
three-year-o'ds and up.
Betting Horse, Weight Jockey. St. *i Fin.
1 to 2— Gregor K. 107 (Robbns) 2 3 h 1 h
12 to 5— Soufriere. 91 (Fejtch).. 1 2 1 2 nk
13 to 1— Foncasta. »C (Knapp).. B 4 10 3 3^
Time 1 :29 "-3. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. W M. Hedge* &. Co.'s b. g. (4) by
Phoenix- Kala. Sioux Chief 103. The Meteor
10G. finished as named.
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs: three-year-old.
ms. M ens: purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *» Fin.
9 t > r>— Canteen 09 (Oliphant) 2 1 nk 1 2
7 to I— P. J. Somers. 117 (Larsen) 3 4 2^2 214
9 tr. •_•— Sing. Master, 111 (Feltch)lO 2 1 3 1
Time. 1:16 1-5. Start good; Won easily.
Winner. A. L Aste's br. f. by Mirthful-Part
ridge. Ileglna D 105. Freesias 112. Ghats 104.
Teddy I>0. Raincoat 99. Away Right 105. Buck
Wynne 102. Miss Hortense 105. Tammany
Queen !)7. finished as named.
Time. :Z&\. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. P. Dunne's b. o. by Watercress-La
Primera. Eckersall 102 Monogram 100. Tim
Hurst 104. Baylaw 93. Hopeless 97. finished as
named.
SECOND RACE — Four and a .half furlongs
two-year-olds: selling:
BUting. Horse. Weight. Jocke-y. St. «i Fin.
O to 5 — Adare. 103 (I^awrence). . . ft 3h 1 "ri
ft to 1— Bert Osra 09 (Oliphant). 0 63 2 b
10 to 1— Green Rose. 101 (Rutter). 2 4h 3 Vi
Johnny Dugan. the exercise boy who
was Injured by a fall while galloping
Mansard recently, died at Garfleld San
itarium last niprht. Dugan's home was
in Oakland. The body will be taken
West to-night by his widow| for burial
at Oakland. Mansard was scratched
to-day because of Dugan's death.
The track was slow and a fairly stiff
breeze was blowing up the stretch. A
large crowd was present. Summaries:
FIRST RACE— Four and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
10 to 1— Gallant Ca*sle, PS (Knap) 2 11 U
8 to 1— Dixie Andrews. 90 (NIcol) 3 2 lH'J 1
12 to 1— Mellwood. !K» (Oliphant).. ft 3 Vfc 3 h
Time :.VJ ;j-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. M. D. Millers b. f. by Top Gallant-
Cassadean. Raymond K M. Midnight Minstrel
9» Rathsklller 99. Jim Canale 1C8, St. Bonnta
85. Gretchen Hope 01. The Trifler 101, finished
as named.
CHICAGO, June 7.— A favorite landed
the money to-day at Harlem, the first
In thirteen races, and it proved one
of the best played choices of the meet
ing. Not since the first race on the
opening dav had a favorite won un
til Pat Dunne's Adare. backed from. 8
to 5 to 6 to 5, landed in the second race?,
and his margin was less than a length.
Superstitious members of the talent
who had not spent their bank roll in
backing first choices during the flrst
three days ofNthe meeting finally took
a "hunch" on the thirteenth and went
to Adare for the limit. He barely got
up in the closing stride, beating out
the 9 to 1 shot, Bert Osra, by a
length.
Aside from this the only feature of
the afternoon was the victory- of
Gregor K in the fourth race, a purse
affair at seven furlongs. A large num
ber of spectators thought Soufriere had
won by a nose, but the Judges, who
were in a better position to see, decided
otherwise. -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles:
three-year-olds and up: pur*e:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
3 to 1— Mainspring. 105 fCrwfrd) 1 14 13
25tol— E. Walter*. 82 (Jenkins). 2 4 7 2.1
7 to 1— Lynch. 103 (Perkins* « 2 1^3 ::
Time. 1:54*4. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. P. M. Clvlll's b. h. (4) by Handsprlns-
The Lioness. Trio 10S. Iras (fell) 105. Com
pass 108, Memphlan 106. finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — Five furlongs: two-year
olds; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jorkey. St. «i Fin.
4 to 5— Gay Adelaide. 102 (Wtsn) 3 16 1 10
3 to t — My Eleanor 107 (Austin). 4 38 2n
11 to 2— Fay Tmpltn. 102 <C>wfrd> 2 2 n 3 4
Time. 1 :0«. Start good. Won galloping.
Winner. Otis Bros.' br. f. <2> by Gay Lail-
Lucy Adelaide. Dotage 107. also ran.
FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs; thre»-year
oWs and up; jum: .
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 5— Elastic. US (Pale> 2 1 »4 1 1
4 to 1— Aut. Leaves, J>4 (Howell). 1 23 2 4
5 to 1— Martlus. 9« (Foley) 3 3 *» 3 t
Time. 1:19)4 • Start fair. Won all out.
Winner. L> Lrmp A Co.'s b. h. (7) by Golden
Garter-Miss Modred. Warts Nlcht 106. also
ran.
THIRD RACE — Purse; three-year-olds and
up; six furlonc.
* to 1— Bird Pond, loo (Perkins) 5 1 R 1 n
5 to 2— King Fox II. 107 (Austin) 4 3 1, : i,
7 to 2 — Yellmantown.105 iWHms> 3 2 'j 3 l j
Time. 1:21. Start good. Won ridden out.
Winner. L. M. Grail's hr. f. by Tehachopl-
May Lilian). Ha;rv Hooligan 103. Tom
Klley 107. Mildred L 105. Misanthrope W0.
finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Two-year-olds; purse;
four and a half furlong*.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1— A LadyFair.101 (Prknj) 4 13 18
S to 1— Wakeful. lrCI (Watson.. S 2 2 3
10 to 1 — Syl. Belle, loa (GUtnor*) 7 S 8 .".2
Time, 1:00. Start aood. Won easily. Win
ner. Barker * Co.'s b. f. by Meartow Thorpe-
Lady Fair. Florence Searcy 103. Tei»phr>n*
Belle 100. Viola Faith 10O. Bernardlna ion.
Matt era 9S. Lucky Pick l(i«. Madras 100, La
Vrlncess 101. finished as named.
ST. LOUIS, June 7.— Good old Elastic
came back again with a victory this
afternoon over a fair field with US
pounds ur>_ at Delmar track. Autumn
Leaves was the cood thing, but Elas
tic, after beating the gate thre«
lengths, won all the way from Helle
bush's game mare. The latter closed
a lot of ground, and should win at this
distance from good company the next
time out. Gay Adelaide showed her
self a grand tllly in her race to-day.
The track was much improved. Sum
maries:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs: purse; thre?
year-olds and up.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin
6 to 5— Behoove. 101 fStoval).... 3 14 12
3 to 1— Dolinda. 87 I Perkins) 2 2 2 2U
4 ti» 1— Velasquez, 11.'. (Dale).... 5 3 ."» 3 ft
Time. l:26Vi. Start good. Won easl!;.\
Winner. TV*. W. Elliott's ch. m. <•»> by Lamp
lirhter-Marion G. Little rtlant 106. W. W.
Davis 113. Algonquin 9y, finished as Dime*.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Schmidt's Benders Scattered
All Over the Field in the
Second Round of Contest
Wife of Champion Is an In
terested Spectator During
His Gymnasium Work.
Favorites Lose in Thirteen
Straight Kaces at Harlem
Race Course.
The Black Son of Handspring
Takes Standard Stakes
Cleverly.
Elastic Beats the Gate at
Delmar and Then Wins
Handily.
RUNS ARE EASY
FOR HOME TEAM
JEFFRIES WILL DEFEND HIS TITLE
WHEN THE CALL TO ARMS SOUNDS
AFRICANDER AND HERMIS ARE BEATEN
BY THE ERRATIC MAJOR DAINGERFIELD
I AM READY TO FIGHT AT AN HOURS NOTICE - CHAMPION JEFFRIES
10
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 8, 1904.
Don't Judge the nut by the burr.
BRKTT GETS DAMAGES.— Richard Brett,
• ho Tvhllr in the employ of the 8. H. Frank
Cominny etutalAed Injuries that resulted in
Us being Uid up for some weeks and who
ned the company for $26,000 damages, secured
» verdict yesterday for lifiOO from a Jury In
tuflse Kerrtxan's court.
Junk Dealers Are Arrested.
Two Junk buyers were arrested late
yesterday afternoon by Oftlper Jackson
and their names placed on the detinue
book at the City Prison. J The men,
Fred Moller and Max Vlzzis, are ac
cused of stripping a vacant house at
615 Hayes street of its plumbing. Jack
son'saw one of the men, drive up to
the house and the other throw Into
the wagon a copper cylinder, and a
quantity of lead pipe and other plumb
ing .equipment. :
Nothing annoys a chronic kicker like
the refusal of things to go wrong.
French RHliardist In the Lead.
; PARIS, June 7.— At the end of the
second round of the billiard match be
tween Schaefer and Cure for 3000
points the ecore stands: Cure, 1000;
Bchaefer. 960.
"Slats" Davis Will Umpire.
SPOKANE, Waah., June 7.-Prest
dent W. H. Lucas of the Pacific Na
tional League has signed J. I. (Slats)
Davis for umpire. Davis was formerly
of the SDokane team.
MINER DOES SOME SLUGGINGARRIVED.
Tuesday. June 7.
Stmr Ars:o. Dunham, 34 hours from Eel
River, via Point Arena 12 hours. .
Stmr Brunswick,.. Ellefsen, 14 hours from
Fort Bragg. ,
Stmr Porno. Jacobs, 12 hours from Albion
via Point Arena 10 hours.
Shipping Intelligence.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Holght of High and Low aWters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
| EujwlntrndeTit.
NOTE— The hich and low waters occur at
the city front <Mlncion-«treet wharf) about 25
minutes later than, at FVirt Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY. JUNE 8.
Sun rises ... 4 : 47
Sun *cib ....7:30
Moon rites ....¦....:.•... 1 :27 a..m:
2 J Tlm< v „ .I" 1 " 1 "?',' j3 . !Tlme ) T|me
» 1 Ft. Ft. Ft.-i Ft.
g.lL W| ]H W) v JL W JH W
8 l:32j 1.8 7:37 3.6 1:00 2.0 7-43 o~2
a 2:l+( 1.2 «:44 3.8 l:« 2.2 8:ltl B4
10 2:5« 0.6 »:41 4.0 2:30 2.4 8:60 oifl
11 3:37 0.0110:33 4.2 3:14 2.« 9:24 5H
12 4:1S —0.5!! 1:22 4.4 3:05 2.8 10:02 6 0
13 5:00— 0.6112:10 4.H 4:40 2.b 10:44 .a!o.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early- morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the ' successive tides of the
•'In the matter of the steamer Alcatras tak
ic£-nre Vhlle lying at th* wharf In r>an
I'edro, CaL, at 1 :30 a. m.. May 13, UW4,*upon
lnveftisstioa thereof- and testimony, taken, we
are oJ the opinion that the flre -was caused
from gajK-s svnerated in the bilges of the ship
by tiw> frorulus oil blown therein by the en
gineers while cleaning the burners, the fir*
causing the houses to burn off and damaging
the vessel to the extent of $0000. '
''Oliver Ducton, tiie chief engineer of the
United States Local Inspectors Bolles and
Bulger yesterday suspended for ninety days
the license of Chief Engineer Oliver Dunton
if the eteamer Alcatraz. The following is the
decision :
Engineer Danton Suspended.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
The rates of reinsurance on the Italian ship
Laura and on the British ship Leyland Bros,
'were advanced reaterday. The Laura, which
is now out tSS days from Newcastle, Austra
lia for TocopiUa. is quoted at 80 per cent,
and th* Leyland Bro*., out 136 days from the
Aurtrallsn coal port for Eallna Cruz, Is quoted
at CO ; rr crnt. Both vessels are loaded with
¦ • £.:. The Lemoraa Is still on the board at
*W per cent: the Crown of Germany Is quoted
at 10 £xt cent, and the case oil carriers,
Juleopolls, Wynford, Quwn Elizabeth. La
Rochefoucauld. Largo Law aod Willy Rlck
merc, ar» still marked at 7 per cent.
Reinsurance Rates Advance.
Time Ball.
Branch ' Hydrographic Office, U. S X:. Mer-
Thants" Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
¦ line 7. V.>'A.
Th« .Time Ball Was accidentally '¦ dropped
ahead of time to-day — exact 'error not known.
J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. V. B. N.. In charge.
Hotel and Saloon Burned.
YOUNTVIL.L.E, June 7. — The .hotel
and saloon known here as the White
House ' was completely destroyed by
flre at 8 o'clock this morning. The
property, which included a house and
barn, was owned by Supervisor Mat
thew Vandeluer, whose loss approxi
mates $5000.
To Investigate Collision.
Pope & Talbot, owners of the schooner
Spokane, have requested Collector Stratton to
ascertain and report to them as to the amount
of damages suffered by reason of the collision
between the Spokane and .the United States
revenue cutter Bear, but Mr. Stratton has
declined. He Is of the opinion that the posi
tion of referee in a nautical collision does not
He within his official -duties. "' not
.». Cap i aln K Myri 1 ck . h *"" notified the Collector
that he has designated three officers as * a
board to investigate the collision and deter
mine the responsibility. . aeter
-: The revenue cutter Hugh McCulloch has
feof rd t e h1 d Be.r. Bef!nK . StraItS t0 tak V the
The barkentlne Irmirard was cleared yester
day for Honolulu with an assorted merchan
dise cargo, valued at (19,319 and including the
following:
2388 ctls barley, S40 bales hay, 12 bbls flour
75 ctls oaU, 18.222 lbs bran. 227 ctls corn, 292
ctls wheat 31.1S6 lbs middlings. 2000 lbs to
bacco. 49Ci lbs cocoanut meal, 28,600 lbs salt.
8223 lbs sugar*. 20 cs canned goods, 50 cs salad
oil, 200 Ca canned salmon, 30 cs spices, 2U0O
lbs tea, 1480 lbs mlllstuffs. 1153 gals vinegar,
17- head cattle, M sheep, 011 sks plaster, 8S59
lbs soda, 128 bdls 155 jx* pipe, 10 bbls tar,
20 roHS leather, 2 pkgs dry goods and 100,000
lbs . fertilizer. ..... -
A Cargo for Honolulu.
The bark Holllewood. the absence of news
from which was beginning to worry her own
er*, has been epoken off this port and rhoull
b* In the bartior at any time now. She is out
more than 100 days from Newcastle, Austra
lia, and as she is loaded with coal anxiety for
her safety was growing. She was spoken,
however, Msjr 26 off this port by the bark
Prussia, whJch left here May 19 and arrived
yesterday at Grays Harbor. The liollicwood
was nhort of provisions and got a supply from
the Prussia. Otherwise the tardy bark was
»!l rltrht and her carro had given no trouble.
In the dkpatch reporting the speaking the ex
act location was not given, but as it orcurred
two r.-'Ks ago the Hoi Us wood should be here
and will probably blow In through the Golden
<;.,-.<- before many hours.
Bark Ilolliswood Spoken.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. | From, Due.
Coptic ! China & Japan June 8
Elizabeth ' Coqulll* River June 8
O. W. Elder.. (Portland & Astoria [June 8
Chico ' Portland &. Astoria iJuna 8
Newburg Grays Harbor [June H
Mlneola j Tacoma June 9
Cxarina 1 Coos Bay June 9
Point Arena.. ]Mendooino & Pt. Arena. June 9
Santa Rosa. ..i Ban DUgo & Way Pts.Uune 9
Coos Bay I San Pedro 4 Way Pts. June 9
Chohalls | San Pedro June 9
•V Dollar 'Grays Harbor June 10
E°ureka i Humboldt June 10
City Para J New York via Panama. June 10
City Puebla. . -j Puget Pound Ports. ..\ June 10
Corona Humboldt l June 1 0
Enterprise. ... j llilo June 11
Nebraskan i New York June 12
North Fork... Htunboldt June 12
Centralla j Pan Pedro June 12
Argo {Eel River Ports June 12
Jeaaie Seattle & Tacoma June 13
Columbia ! Portland &' Astoria June 13
Bonita. ...... Newport &. Way Ports. June 13
Pomona Humboldt June 13
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. June 13
Porno Point Arena &. Albion. June 14
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports.... June IS
Ban Jo«e ... New York via Panama. June 15
Centennial I Seattle & Tacoma tt; June 13
Alliance Portland & Way Ports June 19
Luxor I Hamburg in Way Ports June 20
TO SAIL.
Steamer. \ Destination. Sails. Pier.
June 8. *
San Pedro. . Humboldt 4 pm Piw 2
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Bc.n'ta Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 0 pm Pier 20
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Breakwater. Coos Bay 6 pm Pier 8
Valencia. ...' Nome via Seattle.. 11 am Pier 9
Rainier I Seattle St Bellnghin 4 pm Pier 10
- . June 9.
Sequoia IWlllapa Harbor.... 12 m Pier 20
Chehalls Orays Harbor .... 3 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 10 am Pier 13
O. Lindauer Grays Harbor ....Pier —
Elizabeth... Coqullle River .... ft pm Pier 20
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 0 pm Pier 2
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
C. Nelson... Nome A Teller 4 pm Pier 20
Pomona Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 9
J. Hlgglns.. Los Angeles Ports. 11 am Pier 2
Jnaa 10.
Chico Astoria & Portland 6 pm Pier 2
June 11.
Aurella Astoria & Portland 4 pm Pier S
O. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Siberia. China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Newport N. Y. via Panama. 12 fm Pier 40
Pt. Arena. .. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Newburg... Orays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Jane 13. ?
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Santa Rosa. San Diego tt Way. 9 am Pier 11
Centralla... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
. . Jans 13.
8. Barbara:. Orays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
O. Dollar..- Orays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
June 14.
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9.
June 15.
North Fork. Humboldt 6 pm Pier 20
.June 16.
Ventura.... Sydney & Way Pt». 2 pm Pier 7
Jeanie Seattle.* Tacoma. 6 pm Pier 20
Columbia... Astoria* & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Jane 18. I
City Peking. N. Y. via Panama[12 m Pier 40
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. | Sails.
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. June 8
J. Dollar..... Valdez & Seward...... June 8
Huroooldt. . . . j Skagway & Way Ports. June 10
Bertha ..Valdez & Way Ports.". June 10
Tampico (Nome & St. Michael... June 12
Alkl.. ;..'.....{ Skagway & Way Ports. June 12
Chas. Nelson. I Nome tt . Telleri. ". . . . .\. June 12
Cottage Clty..1 Skagway i. Way Ports. June 12
Dolphin. Skagway & Way Port*. June 14
Valencia , Nome ....:... i. June 14
Santa Ana. . . ¦ Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. June 10
rMrlgo- Skagway A W»y Ports. June 16
In addition to the foregoing the steamer car
ried 267 rolls leather, valued at {11,587, en
route to Yokohama. Japan, and 6150 lbs dried
fruit, valued at 9216, for Winnipeg, Manitoba.
49.100 lbs dried fruit. 400 lbs ralsinw, 1283
lbs dried fish. 9S4 pkes fresh fruit. 146 pk*s
fr«ch vegetables, 240 lbs coffee, 1000 lbs salt,
S14 cs canned goods. 323 gals wine, 135 pkgs
onions. 111 pkgs potatoes, 1800 lbs beans. 27
pkgs paste, .1788 Ib9 chocolate, 42€0 lbs meals
31.910 lbs malt, COO lbs 5 cs sugar, 4000 lbs
rice, 1&S3 lbs butter, 5 pkgs groceries and pro
visions. 454 lbs leaf tobacco, IS pkgs paints
and oils, 2062 lbs pig tin. 2 rolls leather. 31
sks plaster, 2 bdls overalls, 300 tins matches,
c?, pkgs drugs, 49 cs arms and ammunition, VI
pkgs steel, 23 pkgs machinery, 50 bars 10 bdls
Iron.
The steamer , Umatllla, which sailed on Sat
urday for Victoria, carried an assorted mer
chandise^ cargo consiirned to the port of desti
nation ata other British Columbian ports, val
ued at (15,728 and including the following: '
Exports 'or the North.
SANTA ROSA, June 7. — While re
turning from a day's outing Sunday
afternoon a surrey containing the
family of Roland Dibble and some
friends was backed off a steep grade
into a creek. The surrey was com
pletely demolished, all of the party
were cut and bruised and Will Car
others had a narrow escape rom
death by drowning. He was pinioned
beneath the vehicle in the creek and
it required speedy efforts to extricate
him from the water. The breaking
of the vehicle prevented the party's
returning to this city Sunday evening
and they were brought to town Mon
day morning in a farm wagon.
Surrey Is Backed Off Grade Into a
Creek and Party Has a Narrow
Escape.
MISHAP 3IARS PLEASURE ,y :
OF A SUNDAY OUTING
¦ The schooner C. 8. Holmes Is chartered for
lumber from Grays Harbor to Guaymas;
Chilean bark Royal Sovereign, same business
from Blakeley to West Coast (owner's account).
The bark Amy Turner returns to Mllo and the
bark G«rard C. Tobey to Honolulu with gen
eral cargo.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company' »
Curacao sailed yesterday for Guaymas and
way ports with a full cargo and about a score
of passengers.
Curacao Sails for Mexico.
delphia. ' /¦
GENOA— Arrived June 7— Stmr Ltgurla,
from New York, via Naples. .
BREMEN — Arrived ' June 7 — Stmr Kronprlnz
Wllhelm, from New York, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived June 7— Stmr
Oceanic, from New York, for Liverpool, and
proceeded; stmr Westernland, . from Philadel
phia, for Liverpool, and proceeded.
1 LIVERPOOL — Sailed June 7 — Stmr Saxonla,
for Boston, via Queenstown. ¦
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived June 7— Stmr
Belgenland, from Antwerp.
NEW YORK — Arrived June. 7— Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm II, from Bremen; stmr Kroonland.
from Antwerp.
Arrived June 7 — Stmr Potsdam, from Rot
terdam.
.Sailed June 7 — Stmr Cevlc. for Liverpool;
stmr Statendam, for Rotterdam and Bou*
legne; stmr Prlntess Alice, for Bremen, via
Plymouth and Cherbourg.
LONDON— Arrived June 7— Stmr Mesaba.
from New York.
CHR1STIANIA— Sailed June 3— Stmr Hel
llgoland. for New York. June 4 — Stmr Minne
sota, from ' London and Newport, for Phila-
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Manuka, from Sydney, via Honolulu; stmr
Spokane, from Seattle, for Alaska; stror Urna
tllla\ hence June 4.
Sa'iled June 7 — Stmr City of puebla, for San
Francisco.
APIA — Arrived May 17 — Schr Repeat, from
Pago Pago. ¦
BANTA ROSALIA— Arrived June 4— Schr
Eric, hence May 19.
ESQUIMALT HARBOR— Arrived June 7—
Ger. stmr Nicomedla, from Victoria, awaiting
orders.
WASHINGTON, June 7. — Dominic
J. Murphy, Commissioner of Pensions
under Cleveland, to-day was elected
by the Panama Canal Commissioners
as secretary of that body.
Commissioners Elect Murphy.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 7. — That
Russian half breeds and settled tribes
of Indians In Alaska are citizens of the
United States is the ruling of Judge
James Wickersham of the United
States District Court for the Yukon
river district of Alaska. Advices re
ceived to-day from Valdes bring a
copy of the following telegram sent by
Judge Wickersham from Fairbanks
May 18: '
"Have Just rendered opinion holding
that all Russian halfbreeds and settled
tribes from- the mouth of Copper river
to the Aleutian Islands are citizens of
the United States under the treaty with
Russia."
An Important Ruling Is 3Iade Per
taining to the. Natives 'of
Alaska.
RUSSIAN- HALFBREEDS
CLASSED AS CITIZENS
Movements of Steamers.
WASHINGTON, June 7. — Arrange
ments have been completed for the
unveiling of the statute of Frederick
the Great, the gift of Emperor Wil
liam to the American nation, at the
Army War College grounds here on
November 20.
Statne Ready to Unveil.
"Captain J. Carlson, master, and Ben Oren
un, ch'ef mate, are exonerated from all
blame In connection herewith."
"For reason of such negligence on the part
of Mr. Dunton. by authority of section 4450,
United States Revised Statutes, conferred upon
us. we ha\-» this date suspended his license as
thief engineer, ocean, for the period of ninety
days. - • .-' .
steamer Alcatra*. In his testimony, says that
when the burners were bslng cleaned the sur
plus oil ' was' blown into the bilges, notwith
standing that the United States Inspectors of
Steam Vessels at this port had exacted, at
considerable exiwnse to the owners of steam
vessels, for the safe storage of fuel oil that It
should be contained in steel tanks five-six
teenth* of an Inch thick, with drilled holes,
double riveted; and also that eight pounds of
lead be placed benealh the tanks to avoid all
possible danger in case of leakage, and to pre
vent the oil from reaching the bllg«s and
thereby causing the accumulation of explosive
rases, this exaction applying especially in
the case of hulls of vessels which are oon
structed of wood.
day In the order of occurrence B« to time; the
fourth time column gives the la*t tide of. the
day. txcept when there are but three tides, as
eonTetimes occurs. The heights given are In
Bdditlon to th? soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus < — )
<lgn precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
WASHINGTON, June 7. — Thomas
W. Hasklna of California has been
appointed Chinese secretary of the
United States legation at Peking. Mr.
Haskins was a student interpreter and
has been in Peking for several years.
He is one of the first of these students
to graduate and attach himself to the
regular service.
STUDENT INTERPRETER
NOW CHINESE SECRETARY
SAN JOSE, June 7.— Chief of Police
T. W. Carroll was to-day fined $5 for
•violation of the ordinance which pro
hibits persons from leaving their horses
untied on the street. The case was
~tried before City Justice Davlson. The
complaint was made by W. H. Brown,
who was formerly, city Jailer. Chief
Carroll had driven up in front of ;v
store conducted by S. E. Smith, chair
man of the Police and Fire Commis
sion. He left his horse untied for a
minute and went into the store. At the
trial he pleaded not guilty, claiming
that the horse was under his control
all the time. Carroll declares that he
will appeal the matter to the Superior
San Jose Officer Rnns Afoul of the
Hitching Ordinance, but Will
Appeal * ne Case.
CHIEF OF POLICE FIXED
FOR VIOLATING LAWS
FOREIGN PORTS
HAMBURG— In port May 25— Br «hip Mua
koka, for Oregon. ,
Arrived June &— Ger - stmr Serbia, hence
Jan 16. • ' ; ' > ¦ „, ~ ¦ ¦'¦
GENOA — Cleared * May 24 — Oer itmr Aby
dofl.-for San Francisco, via Cad la. .
- MOJI — Sailed May ¦ 29 — Br stmr Aragonia,
for Orecon. — >" -¦;¦<..
NEWCASTLE. AUS.— Sailed May 23— Br
stmr Orange Branch, : for Manila.
CHERQOURO— Arrived , May 20— Fr bark Le
Piller, from ' Hamburg. . for 8an Francisco, and
sailed for San Francisco urior June S.-.- -•:*¦¦
DOVER— Paused June -4 — Fr bark ?Duguay
Trouin, from Hamburg, for S^nta Rosalia. ',.¦
LONDON— Arrived May 27 — Oer stmr Nau
plla. from San Jose de Guatemala. , ¦
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived June" 6— Nor ship
Andorinha, from Oregon; Fr bark Eugene Fau
trel, from Tacoma.' ' : . ,.
• SYDNEY— Arrived .- June e— Br ship Clan
Robertson. : fro.-n h Port ; 'Ludlow:
SYDNEY — Arrived prior' June 7 — Br;bark
Dunreg&an, ' from.' Everett. , ... ,
CORONEL — Arrived June 3 — Ger ' «tmr' I«i«,
from Hamburg, '..jfitw** 1 • '
PAGO . PAGO— Arrived May 12— Schr Repeat '
hence Aor. 3. . . ; . '
• VICTORIA. B. C— Arrived June 7— Br «tmr
. HONOLULU— Sailed June T— Bark Nuuanu,
for New York. . '. ' ¦¦
Arrived June 7— Schr Edward R. West,
from Newcastle. Aua _
MANILA— Sailed June 7— Schr Commerce,
for Portland. Ore. _
¦ The - «chr Edward R. , ¦ *> e«t, previously re
ported arrived at- Honolulu, to-day returned
on account of rudder ¦ being ¦ damaged ; - vessel
waa bound for 'Porf Clarence, Alaska. : 4 v
ISLAND PORTS.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived June 3— Br. bark
Donna FranciEca,. hence May 20. for Victoria.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 7— Stmr Cottage
City, from Skaeway.
Sailed June 7— Stmr Spokan«. for Skagway;
8tmr City of Puebla, for San Francisco.
Arrived June "7, 11 a m— Stmr Arlzonnn,
hence June 8.
Arrived June 7— Stmr Umatllla, hencs
June 4.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived June 7— Stmr
Centralla. hence June B.
TACOMA— Sailed Juno 7— Bark St. James,
for Delasroa Bay.
Arrived June 7 — Bktn Aurora, from Hono
lulu.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived June 7— Schr Hon
olulu, from Port Townsend.
Arrived June 7— Bktn Kllkltat, from Hon
olulu.
' PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Juno 7— Bktn
KUkitat. ¦ for Port Gamble.
Sailed June 7— Br ship County of Llnlith
gow, for Hamburg.
8AN PEDRO — Arrived June 7— Schr Dora
Bluhm. from Eureka: stmr Brooklyn, hence
Jun« 6. ' ,
Sailed June 7— Schr Nokomls, for a rays
Harbor; «chr Taurus, for Port Gamble. "
Arrived June 7— Schr Prosper, from Ev-
Sailed June 7— Stmr Rival, for San Fran-
PORT HARFORD— Sailed June 7. 4 p m —
Stmr Asuncion, for Ban Franciaco. • :
ASTORIA— Sailed June 7— Schr W. F.
Wltremann, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived ' June 7— 8tmr Noyo,
hence June 5; stmr Corona, hence June «..'-
Sailed June 7— 6tmr Pasadena, for San
*SAN DIEGO— Arrived June 7— Schr Oceania
Vance, from Everett.
Sailed June &— Schr Maweema, . for Port
Townsend. -t
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived June 7— Schr Ma
rie E. Smith, from Port Blakeley.
TATOOSH— Paused inward June 7— Br stmr
Manuka, from Sydney.
Passed outward June 7 — Bark Saint James,
from Tacoma, for Delagoa Bay.
Pai-sed out June 7 — Br ship Clan Macken
zie, from Port Hadlock. for Callao.
DOMESTIC PORTS,
Per bark Prusule — May 26 (no position),
bark Holllswood, from Newcastle, N. S. . W..
for San Francisco, short of provisions; vessel
was supplied with same. by bark Prussia.
June 3— 18 mile* WNW of Cherbourg. Fr
bark Casiiard, from Rotterdam, • for San Fran
cisco.
May 23— In lat 30 02 N. long 17 08 W, Oer
bark Bertha, from Antwerp, for Oregon.
May 31, off Cape Flattery— Br ship Celtic
Monarch, from "London for Vancouver.
SPOKEN
POINT LOBOS. June 7, 10 p. m. — "Weather
hazy; wind W; velocity 8 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
. -" , ¦ SAILED.'.- ¦;.'¦ „
V ¦ Tuesday, Juno 7. •. ¦•
Btinr ' Curacao Paulsen, Guayma«. >
Stmr F. A. Kllburn, Jahnaen, Port Rodger*.
Stmr Eureka, Jesien Eureka.
Stmr Maggie, Cnfning. Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Acme, Lundqulst. Eureka.
Ptmr Gipsy Lctand Santa Crur.
Stmr Del Norte, Payne. Crescent City.
Stmr North Fork, Nelsen. Eureka.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwick. Eureka and Coos
Bay. .
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, Caspar.
Brig W. G. Irwln. ¦ Hanaen, Roche Harbor.
Brig 'Geneva, Treanor, Port Blakeley.
Bark Mohican, Kelly, Honolulu.
Schr Defiance, Baletike, Grays Harbor.
Bchr Compeer, Lapping. Anacortes.
. Brhr Newark Reinerteen Stewarts Point.
Schr Virginia Nllsson, Portland.
Schr Volant, Skipper, Tlllamook Bay.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, Juno 7.
Stmr Curacao, Pauleen, Guaymas; PCS
S Co.
Stmr Bonita, Preble. San Pedro; P C S S Co.
Br stmr Caithness, Atkinson, Victoria; J.
J. Moore & Co. }
Bktn Irmgard, Schmidt, , Honolulu ; Williams,
Dlmond &. Co. .
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, 17 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Greenwood, Walvlg, 14 hours from
Mendoclno.
Dr etmr Algoa, Lockett, 31 days from Hong
kong, via Yokohama IS day*.
¦Stmr Arcata. Nelson. 48 hours from Coo«
Bay.
Stmr F. A. Kllburn. Jahnwn, 7 hours from
Port Rodrers.
Stmr Aurella, Erlckson. 71 hours from Port
land, via Astoria hours.
PACIFIC MAIL STEAMSHIP ALGOA.
NEARLY WRECKED UPON THE
ROCKS OF POINT BONITA.
WASHINGTON, June 7. — Indirectly
the interest of the United States in
the adoption of the gold standard by
Panama is no less than 525,000,000.
This is based on the belief that with a
fluctuating and unstable currency in
Panama, closely interwoven as it cer
tainly will* be with the isthmian canal
strip population, the contractors who
must dig 'the canal will be obliged to
add at leasj 25 per cent, to their bids
in order to,, guard against changes in
the cost of labor and supplies.; ' .. ,
If the decision of the Panama
Legislature promises to be adverse to
gold the United States will seek to se
cure postponement of the final procla
mation of that decision.
United States Interested In Its Adop
tion by Panama to the Extent,
of $25,000,000. ;¦>/:?&
GOLD STANDARD JIEANS
MUCH TO THIS COUNTRY
Objection is made to paying the ex
penses for work during the .time nego-.
tiations were pending with Colombia
for the ratification of the Hay-Herran
treaty. The accounts will be 'audited
and a report made by the commission
to Secretary Taf t.
WASHINGTON, ¦ June 7.— "William
Nelson Crowell, representing the new
Panama Canal Company, rrom which
the United States acquired the canal
concession, and Choron," engineer in
charge of th'e construction of the canal
during French ownership, to-day con
ferred with Rear Admiral Walker,
chairman of the commission, in regard
to the claim of . the French company
for reimbursement of the amounts ex
pended by the French company during
the negotiations for the sale of the
canal property to this Government.
The accounts must be audited. and the
date fixed when liability of. the
United States shall begin before the
amount of the claim can ¦ be deter
"ralned. .
The representatives of ' the French
company \nold that the United . States
should reimburse the company for." all
expenditures from the time this agree
ment was made for the purchase, while
members of the Government commis
sion believe the United States*, should
pay from the time that the property
was actually taken over.; .
Stewart, about this time, took a trip
back to Ohio. -He returned a few days
ago and- yesterday, while walking up
Minna street in San Francisco, he met
Kennedy.! Kennedy stopped him and
brought up the whole family trouble.
Kennedy asked Stewart to accompany
him to Newark so that he could face
his wife with. her perfidy. Stewart
agreed to do so.
The two men arrived at Newark
about 5 o'clock, but did not go to the
Briggs ranch until after midnight. Mrs.
Kennedy was 'then called out and they
talked over the matter. Kennedy ac
cused Stewart of being too friendly
with his wife:' Stewart said Kennedy
then began to curse him and drew a
knife. He also thinks Kennedy had a
gun. Stewart then drew his revolver
and. shot twice^ Kennedy cried out In
pain and started to run. Stewart then
went to Alviso and surrendered to
Deputy Sheriff Mayne.
. SAN JOSE, June 7.— A division of a
woman's affections led to a shooting
at the Briggs ranch, between Center
.ville and Newark, early this morning.
W/O. Stewart, who did the shooting,
surrendered himself to Deputy Sheriff
J. L. Wayne at Alviso this moraine
and is now in the county jail here. The
inan who was shot is W. S. Kennedy,
who is said to be seriously Injured.
That he is not dead is due to the fact
that a pocketbook in his coat pocket
stopped • a bullet that was going
straight to his heart. Another bullet
struck him in the groin,- inflicting a bad
wound. .
j Stewart said the trouble originated
over Edith Kennedy, the wife of the
man- who was shot. Stewart first met
Kennedy and his wife in San Bernardi
no.. Stewart at that time worked in a
cigar store and Mrs. Kennedy was em
ployed in a restaurant next door. Ken
nedy was engaged a^ a car tapper.
Mrs. - Kennedy soon became enamored
of Stewart and Kennedy soon became
aware of ..her. misconduct.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Representatives of Company
3Iake Claims From Time of
Signing of the Agreement
Assailant Goes to Farm at
i Request of Husband and
Wounds Latter in a Fight
MEN FORMERLY FRIENDS
CONFERENCE IS HELD
Ask for Eeimbursement of
Funds Expended During
Negotiations for Canal
After Clear Trip Across Ocean Pacific Mail Vessel Meets With
Accident as She Comes Into Port Trying to Avoid Collision
With the Schooner Compeer, Which Is Outward Bound
Kow Over Faithless Spouse
Ends in a Shooting on
a Binch Near Newark
She brought in all 10,215 tons of
freight, which wai made up of 100.005
package* and valued at 1400,000. The
cargo Included 30,229 bags of rice,
€636 boxes of tea, 4752 bags of sugar
:rnd consignments, large and small, of
oil, gunnies, hemp. Jute, nutmegs, silk
goods, pepper, coffee, spices, matting,
curios, ginger, sulphur, peanuts and
chow.
. * • . .
Shortly after the Algoa was docked
Captain T. D. E. .Wilson was on the
wharf arranging for the speedy dis
< harg* of the vessel's cargo. This work
will be carried on day and night until
the vessel's holds are empty. She will
then be placed on the Hunters Point
drydock for inspection and repairs.
Po fur an could be ascertained yester
day the cargo is undamaged. The leak
was confined to the forward ballast
tanks and a stout bulkhead held the
water from the freight. .
The Aigoa's cargo was large, varied
find valuable and had the vessel been
wrecked beachcombers from San
Diego to Alaska would have had a
tummer supply of Oriental odds and
ends.
Second Officer Stevens, who was on
<^f<ii fat th*» time of the accident,' says
ther* was no possibility of the steamer
taking any other course than she did
when the schooner attempted to cross
her bows. *.'•
Yes. we *truck the rocks.* and in the time I
have been aboard the Alcoa this is the first
fccrldent that I have known. I was on deck
when we «aw the schooner cutting across our
bow*. Whether or not she would have struck
us it a question, but I think she would. The
moment we hit the reef and the ship began
to i>ound Is th* swell the Chinamen on deck
and below came Filing up to the lifeboats.
Th^y wanted to cut them away, but Second
Officer Stevens and I ordered them back to
xh-ir stations. •¦-...'»---:•
We have aboard at this time a cargo valued
at about $400,000.
\Vh*>n I Jound that it was a matter of steer
ing clear or having a collision, I steered dear.
Otherwise we would have been smashed or
the Compeer would hav» been eat down. 1
did not na.ve any Idea that we would strike
1t. As <jul<-kly a> we struck I ordered the
fttj storied and foil «eam astern. That
was, however, not sufficient to check the
headway and I at once called out to Tint
Officer Nichols to let to both anchors. We
had at that time such headway that, even
though the profiler was working astern, we
<-ould ret check the forward motion. We struck
•jv! pounded until the propeller secured action
In backing out and we became clear. By that
time Pilot Reed was aboard and took com
ir.and.
First Officer Nichols made the fol
lowing explanation of the accident:
1 knew ;here was only one U.:::c to do; that
v e* to kefp out of ber way. It may b« pos
sible that I vu too close in shore at the
time, but I was taking advantage of the tide
renditions and used the north channel to enter
port.
When I eaw the schooner heading toward me
During the five minutes that the
Algoa was pounding in the swell. Pilot
Heed boarded the freighter and as
turned command. He found nothing
snore to do than see the orders prev
iously issued by Captain Lockett car
ried out. Full speed astern was the
instructions to the engine room and full
it was.
The Algoa was heavily loaded above
The water line and there was some
5>ar that she njight turn turtle. With
p. heavy swell - running, the officers
•fought she might turn broadside to
the shore and in that event there would
be no possibility of saving her.
Captain Lockett contends that he
pave all the right of way necessary
for the Compeer to pass her. but in
order to protect his ship he had to
head toward the ehore. After the
«.ool!e crew had been sent back to their
posts, heading m made down the bay.
As Pilot Reed directed tne course of
the ship. Custom-house and quaran
tine boats followed in her wake.
Captain Locketfs statement is as fol
io we:
Chief Officer Nichols, armed with a
lead pipe, and Second Officer Stevens,
swinging a rope's end, drove the Celes
tials to their posts. •-.
Captain Lockett was on the bridge,
but the pilot had not yet come aboard.
Bells were sounded, and as the for
ward headway of the ship was checked
the ebb tide swung the freighter's bow
Toward the rocks. Breakers were
throwing their foam witnm a few feet
of the Algoa. Both anchors were let
go. The starboard anchor held, but
the cable parted and the port anchor
failed to check the freighter's head
way. As her bow struck the rocks,
panic seized the Chinese crew and
i here was a wild rush for the lifeboats.
Knives were pulled from their scab
bards and before the officers could in
terfere the demoralized Mongolians
were cutting away the boat lashings
and making ready for a hasty launch
ing.
The Algoa left Yokohama seventeen
days ago and had good weather all the
vay across the Pacific. When she ar
rived at the entrance of the Golden
*Jate yesterday morning the weather
was clear. There was a strong ebb tide
!!owir.g and Captain Lockett, who has
been her commander for several years,
hugged the north shore to make the
bay. This plaxred the freighter in an
awkward position iu the event of meet
ing any outward bound vessels. As
the Algoa rounded the point the three
masted schooner Compeer, going to eea
in charge of a tugbo&t, came tearing
along. The Compeer was bearing to
the starboard and it meant a collision
if the steamer maintained her course.
That the Pacific Mail freight steamer
Algoa. Captain Lockett, is tied up at
«Jreen\vich street wharf is due to the
fact that she has stanch watertight
«ompan mems. for Fhe struck c-n the
rocks of Point Bonita yesterday morn
ing and came down the bay with thir
teen feet of water in her hold and
pomps playing as hard as steam would
drive them.
FRENCH MAKE
WANTS KNOWN
ERRING WIEE
CAUSES TROUBLE
PACIFIC MAIL -FREIGHT STEAMER ALGOA STRIKES
ON THE JAGGED ROCKS OF REEF AT POINT BONITA
.. ¦--.'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. ...WEDNESDAY, .TUNE 8. 190J.
11
ADVERTISEMENT 3.
STATEMENT
OF THB
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
NORWICH UNION FIRE
INSURANCE SOCIETY
OF NORWICH. ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1303. and for tha
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of California,
pursuant to the provisions of sections 610 and
611 of the Political Code, condensed , as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amcunt of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $660.000 00
ASSETS.
ReaJ Estate owned by Company... 1371,837 10
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 40.000 0A
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company... S.051.CG7 23
Cash in Company's Office 30O0O
Cash In Banks 1.273,443 aj
Interest Jue and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 60.S53 0«
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 13O 0O
Premiums in due^ Course of Col-
lection 7f. 84S,W03i
Ellis receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fir* and Marine Rliks 33.0S9 98
Total Assets 87.>&4.30d 21
LIABILITIES.
: Lcsses adjusted and unpaid V
Losses in process of Adjust-
ment or In Suspense $140,341 M
Losses resisted, including ex-
penses , !
Gross premiums on Flre Risks .
running one year or less.
% • reinsurance SO per
cent 3.123.M«M
Gross premiums on Ftre Risks
running mart than one year.
% ¦ . ; reinsurance pro rata.
Carh dividend to Stockholders re-
maining unpaid 1,040 90
Due and accrued for Salaries.
Rents, etc 15,00000
Ail other Liabilities «o.»O 77
Total Liabilities .tXeriZ.Kii 37
INCOME. ~ ~~~
Xet cash actually received far Flre
premiums $3.84S.1O7 U
Received for Interest en. Bonds and
MOrtaages 1,905 00
Received for Interest and divide id*
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
trom all other sources 173.1W 37
P.ecelved for Rents 12.57.JS7
Received from all other sourcss... *.*)J7 10
Total Income 49.133,609 02
EXPExrjiTtrR' i !:g. : ~~~
N?t amount paid for Flre Losses
Vinciurtlnr $ . losses of -
previous years) $3.0S«.137 41
Dividends to Stockholders 275.340 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 1.163.074 C8
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. . 489.003 19
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 99.90033
AH other payments and expendi-
tures 270.043 30
Total Expenditures .......... .J3.333.4eo 3a
Losses incurred darinr the year. ..$3.240.1St 07
Risks and Premiums.) Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $1,611,379,110 J7.533.323 33
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
ywr 1.593,613.500 5 294.173 91
Net amount In force
December 31. 1003. 1.913.536.330 0.137.530 77
' ' FRANK A. CCBITT. President.
C. A. BATHTTRST BIGNOLD. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 5th
day of April. 1904.
L B. T. HALE3. Notary Fublla.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
314 California St
W.H. LOWDEN, Manager.
J. L. FULLER, Assistant Manager.
JOHN D. RICHARDS, Mgr. Citj Dept.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
STATEMENT
OT" THIS
CONDITION AND AFFAHtSr
OF THB
INDEMNITY FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THB STATE OT NEW
York on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1903. and for tha yesvr endlnc on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to tho> pro-
visions of Sections «10 and «11 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by
the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $200,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and .Bonds owned by Company. ..$333,969 CO
Cash in Company's Office 23 00
Cash In Banks 88.182 98
Interest du« and accrued en all
Stocks and Loans 2,573 00
Premiums In due Coarse of Collec-
tion ZUSt 43
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid. ISO 37
Commission on Unpaid Return
Premiums and Reinsurance Prem-
iums • 431 Tt
Total Assets — ....i ..~.$43Q.l«"la
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid 115.133 63
Lflsses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 6. 0*0 83
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 1.123 00
Gross premiums on Flre Risks run-
ning one year or less. $211,732 09;
reinsurance 30 per cent 100.878 49
Gross premiums on Flre Risks run-
ning more 'than one year. $108.-
747 43; reinsurance pro rata .... 60,518 T*
Due and accrued for Salaries. Rsnta.
etc •- """r". 3.S2T to
Due and to become due for Com-
missions and Brokerage M7 90
Return Premiums and Reinsurance
Premiums ......... «••—-.«•.... 8.283 23
Total Liabilities . $m.»l SI
INCOME.
Ver cash actually recstred for Flr»
premiums ..........$373,824 23
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources .-.— 12.36a M
Total Inooms |3*U9l M
-,. EXPEXDITCRES.
Net amount raid for Flre Loss**
(including $22.107 63. losses ««.„„„.
previous years) $148,413 0»
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage Bflw732 83
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
. charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 22.118 97
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes-.. 8.133 83
All other payments and expendi-
tures •' 18.113 93
Total Expenditures $233.533 23
Tin.
Losses Incurred during tha year. ..$147,317 81
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount ce Risks
written during the
year $29,473,788 $403.628 28
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 23,T38,8T9 321.338 91
Net amount In force .
December31. 1903.. g.028.332 820.499 53
A. V. LOSEE. Vice President.
J. H. BURGER, Secretary.
Suhscxihed and sworn to before me. this
3d day of February, loot.
EDWIN F. CORET.
Commissioner for California in New Tor*.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
314 California St
W. H. LOWDEN, Manager.
J. L. FULLER, Assistant Manager.
JOHN D.- RICHARDS, Mgr., Citj Dept.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Weekly Call. $1 per Year
¦IJnio^'Gas Engines
_ a a j pnvcrn m c* u t q h f _j* t j^vjbiJi^^vjBf &^^^^^3^^r*
in use in 65 h. p. - 3-cVliiu>er "uhtow! mabine eugine.
this port than those of all other makes 'combined. They are fitted to
run on gasoline, benzine, naphtha or distillate. Special fittings for
'kerosene and crude^oil. Send for our catalogues, stating requirements.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; WEDNESDAY, JUNE 8, 1904.
12
HKliP WANTED *f M.E Con tinned.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
14 Third "st.. nsar Call bids. ; phone Bush 408.
Btate of Nevada, cheap fare; refunded.
United States Government work.
25 teamsters, $ti7 50 a month.
15 laborers. $fi« a month.
60 drillers rockrr rerl. hamm»rsmen. $73 mov
"SAWMILL CREW.
Blacksmith, country town, *1« a week.
Itoaid jmller. $43 a month and board.
2 tail edgermen. $4t> a month and "bnard
2 second trimmermen, $40 and board.
lofTbearer, $40 and board.
« section men. sawmill. $» and board
10 lumber pliers. $03 and board.
10 woodsmen. $33 to $W and board,
2 wheel teamsters. $(55 a month.
8 men for rock quarry. $2 25 day.
10 Italian. quarrym-;n, $2 25 a day.
8 woodchoppers. pine. $1 25 cord.
10 laborers, 8 hours, near city. $60.
4 haymakers. 51 30 a day and board.
Carpenter, steady, near city, $4 day.
Cook, few men. ranch. ?an Mateo Co.. $.0 f _
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. It 3d St.
TIMBER feller, (Wand found; 2 crosscut saw-
yers. $40 and found; tallyman and lumber
grader. $50 and found; logway man. $.".3 and
found; machine man for sash and door fac-
tory $3 to $3 60 day; woodturner. *J 50 day;
3 blacksmiths for country. $2 50 day and
board and $3 day- floor man. $2 50 day and
board; farmers; milkers. $33 and $10 and
found; farmers and wives; Z men about
place. $23 and $30 and found, and others.
J. F. CROSETT A CO.. 62S Saci ramento st.
PORTER for country. *2» and found; boy for
- housework $15 and found; 2 hotel waiters.
" $30 and $33 and found: young man for lunca
. kitchen. $30; fireman for hotel. $20 and
found, and others. J. F. CROSETT A CO..
C23 Sacramento st. \ ¦
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY,
93 THIRD ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 6321.
Tunnelmen. Humboldt Co.. $2 50, and $2 75.
Free fare half way. Long Job.
Teamsters for Arizona, $2; cheap fare.
Laborers.' $2: 8 hours; fare lOr.
Laborers. $2; teamsters. $2: free far*.
Coopers, piece work; no strike.
Ranch hand, $1 25 and found.
Milker. American. $30 ana found.
Sticker hand. 14.
Cabinet-makers. $3 50.
Nevada, laborers. $2; teamsters, $2 23.
HORD & SMITH^
CONTRACTORS' EMPLOYMENT AGENCT
635 Washington st. Phone James . 3301.
Laborers aad teamsters. Nevada. 8 hours
work. $2 and $2 25 day; laborers, 22Hc aa
hour, board and lodging; marble polishers,
$2 60 day; teamsters, $1 60 day and board:
cook $50 month; boys, sash and door fac-
tory> $1 25 to $1 60 day; 30 teamsters. $2
day. free fare; 20 laborers. 8 hours' work. $2
day cheap fare; milkers. $35 and found;
bookkeeper. $30 and found to start; edger-
— lan. $70 month; mule spinners. $1 50 day I
lots of other Jobs.
L, H. CUTTns-O.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
642 Commercial st.. near Kearny.
Phone Bush 833. JOHN L. DRECHSLER.
\South: new work: long Job; 10 laborers,
handle pipe. etc.. $45 found; north: lumber
company: half fare: 10 laborers, that's you.
$30 month and found and up: ship to-day;
20 trackmen and laborers, new R. R..
north, free fare. $2; 10 teamsters, free fare.
$2: 30 Italians. ¦ new Job, south, board them-^
selves, ?2 day: 10 ranch hands; 23 boys,
factory, country; Swedish assistant Janitor,
bank. city.
A RELIABLE man to take care *f horses.
gar-Jen and do some milking: private plac».
country. $30: porter for ' Institution. $'^f>:
hotel porter, $23; silverman. $20: dishwasher
for springs. $30. etc.; bookkeeper for res-
taurant. $'50 and found. ANDRE'S, 3 IT
Stockton' st.
A BUTLER for steady place In city; $30;
references. MISS PLUNKETT. 423 Sutter
St.. near Powell. ¦
WANTED — Young man of college education,
one who has been an advertiser or been en-
gaged In newspaper work; a good opportuni-
ty for a bright young man to become an ad-
vertiser: will pay liberal salary for party
with the required qualifications. Apply
HALE BROS.', between 9 and 11 a. m.
WANTED— Accountant from 25 to S3 years of
age; must be first-class mathematician. Ap-
ply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BTIO3.*
•WANTED — Night man tn hotel; must under-
stand telephone exchange, be able to run
elevator and furnish city references. Apply
' 710 Jones st.. between 12 and
BARBER wanted — A good, steady barber, neat !
appearance, wanted Monday; steady. -Call or
address Dalton Klrkpatrick, Los Gatos. Cal.
PRESSER on gents* clothing. Golden West
Clothing Renovatory, 121 Montgomery st.
6 BOYS: $6 per week. J. M. MARCUSE. 319
Mission et. ¦
BARBER wanted; 6 to 3 evenings and Sun-
days. 947 Flllmore St., corner McAllister.
BARBER — First-class barber wanted; steady
position. 600 Larkin st.
BARBER wanted. 410 Geary St.: steady.
BARBER— Evenings. Saturday and Sunday;
steady: good workman. 726 Valencia st.
GOOD barber for 10c shop. C23 Clay st.
BOY wanted — Newton Gum Ox. Second and
Folsom sts.
WANTED — A good carpenter. Box 2372. Call
office.
WANTED — Boy of 18 to 17 to learn carriage)
_nd wagon making; reference. Box 2509. Call.
MAN or woman to wash napkins. 612 Kearny
street. -
CARPET-LAYER. 715 Howard st. Apply at
0 o'clock Wednesday morning.
WANTED — 73 men to handle freight. Apply
at room 23. Hobart building. 622 Market st.
BARBERS — 3-chalr shop for sale: no reason-
able offer refused.- 1090 Valencia St.
WANTED for U. 8. army, able-bodied un-
married men. between ages of 21 and 33;
citizens of the United States, of good char-
acter and temperate habits, who can speak,
read and write English. For Information
apply to Recruiting Officer. Rlalto building.
New Montgomery St.. San Francisco, or 10-9
Second St., Eacramento. Cal.
___
Men to l*srn the BARBER TRADE: only
eight weeks required; positions secured; con-
stant practice and expert instruction; special
offer and catalorue mailed free. !
MOHLBR SYSTEM COLLEGE. «33 Clay st.
GOVERNMENT positions^ — Call at 923 Goldea
Gate ave., room 7. for free Information as
to positions, salaries.' age limits.' etc: day
er evenings.
FIRST-class wagon delivery clerk understand-
ing fruit bustness: references. ( 1238 Polk st.
WANTED — Young man for cellar wk. crock-
ery store; exper. H. O. Wlede. 4th_Mlss_>n.
WANTED — Nasi-unlon laborers used to hand-
ling freight. R. 25. 239 Powell: 8a.m.to5p.m.
>
COAT maker for country. Afply RE3S3
BROS. A CO.. 24. Sutter it. ¦
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Montgy. r. 415.
¦WANTED — Experienced salesman for laces and
veilings. JOE ROSENBERG. 810 Market st.
WANTED— Barber: steady. 237^4 Fifth st.
IWANTED — Three first-class carriage btack-
- smiths and three first-class body makers:
I good wages and steady employment to right
' parties. Apply A. MEISTER A SONS CO..
Sacramento. Cal. . •
SALESMEN — ant? d to sell nuraerv stock:
cash advanced weekly; write immediately for
territory before It is all assigned. CHICO
j NURSERY CO.. Chlco. Cal.
WANTHD — Laborers and mechanics to know
that/ Ed Rolkln. Iteno House proprietor, has)
added/ 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
| " 217 ifolrd st. : 250 rooms: 25e- to 5Oc per night.
WANTED— Capable young man as stenogra-'
pher and office assistant by local shipping
and mercantile firm. Address, stating refer- ¦
erenees. "Merchant." box 2069. Call office.
EXCELLENT opening for hustling solicitors:
steady and good paying positions. Apply 850
Market st.. rooms 43 and 44^ ______
BARBERS— For sale. 3-cha!r shop Jn Mission;
receipts $40 to- $43. Fcr Information, call at
173S Market St. -
MEN and women wanted to learn the barber
trade, free of charsre. GUIett Co!I*b» of
Barbers. 647 Commercial st.
TRY our men's shots, union made, at $1 an-t
$1 50^ pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pa/
express or mail charges. 11 3d st-.gxam. bM._
EXPERIENCED ccntinuou* kiln settersanJ
burners. Apply 027 Market St.. rooro o'X>.
WANTED— Canvassers for good seiilng article.
Apply 263 O'Farrell St.. room 13.
OLD-ESTABLISHED barber shop: 2 chairs;
good location: living rooms. UioS Mission.
A profitable outing: pick hops In August. Writs
- E. CLEMENS HOR3T CO..123 Batteryst..S>.F.
TOUNO man to learn barber trade; wagea
while learning; JllA Howard •(.
SPIRITUALISM. ;
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, :
••.Clairvoyant trance business medium and life
. reader. "1206 Market st.. Gait House..
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing se-
j anee Wednesday evening. 50c. 328 Ellis st.
PROF. ¦ FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
Mate-writer. 1112Eddy st.: phone Scott
, CLAin VOYAXTS. I
ASSURED success for you. '. 'V
¦ . : ' Call at once and save $4. i !
His famous $5 readings this week for
5 1 *1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1, $1
- No charge — No 'charge
. Lnless you obtain the Information for
which you consult him.
T . . ' 'PAUL DESTINE,
lno fit st registered trance clairvoyant and
_ Palmist ever in San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
. (You to be full judge.)
i ao hereby solemnly, agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fa»l to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tell you If I
husband, wire or lover Is true or false; who and
I when you will marry; how to gain the love of
. the one you desire; "in fact," I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better th»n -you
can tell -yourself; his advice Is reliable; his
powers are wonderful and indisputable; he im-
I proves your character so that you will reach I
the highest possible development in mental
vigor, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth: the controlling power Implanted in your
nature, so you can control any one stcretly;
i cures disease and lost vitality; gives advice on
> mining and burled treasures; gives you success
In life; he guarantees you success or charges
nothing for his services.
10 a. m. to 8 p. m. — Closed Sunday. ' -
' ¦ 320 O'Farrell St.— 326.
FROM ALL 8ECTIONS THEY COME TO
WITNESS THE WONDERFUL DEMON-
STRATIONS of the NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
¦%> Kor a reliable and Intelligent clairvoyant
reading go to LIVINGSTONE, 428 Eddy st>
, .He asks you no questions, but tails you
what you wish to know.
He does not mention all the Ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts In your case. Let PROFESSOR
LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you, find the cause of trouble and
suggest the remedy.
¦ lie Is as conspicuous for his wonderful oc-
cult analysis as he is for bis original ex-
pression and vivid truthfulness. •
Would It not he a relief to know how you
will pucceed, to be relieved of th« matters that
ai— troubling you and of the schemes of your
enemies, that you may meet with better success?
A test reading is not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
give you a full life reading for $1. A test
Is' of little value; when the mind is troubled
you need more substantial aid and advice. •..
Permanently located 42S Eddy St.; 3 sep-
arate reception parlors. Lady attendant.
Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant Rnd bustness medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st, next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
ptetent happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; If you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
huvfc domestic, love or business troubles, con-
FUlt this great medium and you will be told
' how to overcome them; valuable advtce In
all affairs of life; 26c up; satisfaction guar-
antfed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 4569.
MME. PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant medium,
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond eight, tells past, present and future; 1.
f>Oc, g. by cards $1; palmistry and clairvoyant
nit.. $1 60. 290 O'Farrell st.. near Mason.
A— Miss M. Wille, 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal eeerand life reader.'wlll tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion: names given; special. $1; hours 10 to 8.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg.palmlst, clairvoyant, card
reader:when others : fall try me;good reading*
25e. 721 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave. Tel.Darkln 4207.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, clairvoyant trance busi-
ness medium and life reader; advice on min-
ing i: invest.; devel. cir. Thurs.. 8. 725 Polk.
A — Mine. Ravenna reads life: business advice;
names given; 25c up. 835 Howard. bet.4th&5th.
MIES ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. and palm.;
; names; L. 60c; G. $1. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates
and facts; readings dally. 917, Market st.
MRS. BROWN clairvoyant, card reader. 23&
Sixth at.: ladles 25c; genta 60c.
MME. MARSEAU, card reader. 843 Minna
St.; no sign. ¦ ' ¦ •'
MME. ODELL returned; clalrvoyant.card read-
er; tea leaves; 25c up. Lower fiat, 220 Eddy.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
26& Kearny. room 20; ladles, 25c; gents,80c.
ISMAR, the celebrated Egyptian seeresa. will
return from her vacation July 1.
MESl BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader, slt-
tlngw dally. 44SV, Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
CAKI'ET 'BE ATIXG ' AXD S3f|^:^l_:
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used I for cleaning carpets on
floor, without removal; carpets and rugs are
alto cleaned by compret sed . air at shop;
prices moderate. S. F. Compressed Air
Cleaning- Co., 308 Market St.; phones Main
162 and Bush 479. ¦
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
"send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-35i Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st., clean-
Ing A laying done reasonably. TeL Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1809 Harl
- rison st.; Al cleaning; 3c. - Tel. Mission 223.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 124.
HOPKE BROS. : excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1433 Howard;tel.South 219.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH A CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
.reasonable. 1703 Harrison »t.: tel.Mlsslon 263.
CIiOTHIirO BENOYATUTO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1 ; scouring, and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis st., room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Colleotlon Co., 410
Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. Main C5S0.
CTJRES EUPTUB iE.
HUNTER'S Positive Rupture Holder. $10; no
discomfort. 1206 Market St.; send for circular.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 8. 1902.
Mr. A. Hunter— Dear Sir: :
For 10 years I was afflicted with scrotal
rupture. I u*ed all kinds of trusses. Your
rupture holder has cured me. . My health Is
better than' it has been for years. Yours
truly,
UEIDRrCH BENEXTKE,
2006 Mission st.
DENTISTS.
A NEW pJate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
.warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 60; fillings. 60c;
plates, $S; full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 144S Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old. plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 60o; gas given.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon-dentl«t,r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
Paris Dental Parlors 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
8et teeth, $1 60 up; crowns.$2 up; fllllngs,2>o.
FREE examination with chart at the new
York Dentists. 9C9 Mission St.. SB. cor. 6th.
GOLD fillings, 76c; silver, 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain: open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Suttr.-
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDION~~7uinburst and- knlfe-plaltlng.
Stewart's button and buttonhole factory, 110
Taylorst.; tel. Folsom 2121.- ;;... , .-....:-
MeDOWELL Dressmaking * Millinery School—
Pattern* cut to measure: eve. ( class. 1019 Mkt.
• EDUCATION A_.'
AT home In our new quarters,''' the largest, best
. lighted and most delightful place of business
.• study in the entire west. . ;New. complete,
extensive departments. » Thorough, inspiring
Instruction 75-page 'catalogue - on request.
I CALIFORNIA • BUSINESS COLLEGE. 001-
* 823' Golden ¦ Gate ave.' . '. / , .
A BIGGER school than ever. L On ' June 1 we
; , moved to new fireproof building, 738 Mission
st.,. between Third "and Fourth; more cpace;
finer rooms;-better light; finest In the West;
come and see.,' S.F. BUSINESS, COLLEGE.
HEALD:8 BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST 8.
; F. — Bookkeeping. . shorthand. • - touch typing.
,. languages, telegraphy, -English. branches; day
¦ ¦ and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1433 Mar-
, ket, guarantees positions to graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, typing.' bookkeeping: $S mo.
AYRES.. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
. ket St.; established 18 years ; special ' discount
¦ during month of June; catalogue Xre« . •,
j AGEVTS WANTED.
j WE r.ant a numl-er oi live canvassers at once;
liberal contracts with men who can do busi-
ness. Apply it 1«»41 Fiilmore &t. and M»
Vest rt. White Sewinc Machine Co.
WE want 2 exi*rirnoed canvassers at once;
«-ity and ccmntrv: ce~ iroeds: liberal terms.
The Oatlne Co.. 121 Geary st.. room 721.
WANTED— Fir*t-cla*s rustlers for city and
country. HEIXK PIANO CO.. S35-237 Gear;,-.
~nOAHDI>7; FOR^CHILDREV.
FRENCH boarding for children. • MRS.
GI.'NTZ. CCS Tine gt. ' *
~lursl~\ESS CIIAACES.
A^ITOO HjAKKItY across the bay; established
years and doing o. first-class paying store
trad-: value in sight. All particulars K.
G. WILKE. 2rt>i Kgarny st. —
A l<?O0; YOUNG and active man wanted to
run prill loom in one of the finest barrooms
In this city; no rent to pay; references want-
ed. Bee K. G. WILKE. 20 tt Kearny at..
A SiiOO CORNER, grocery and bar on choicest
location of Devitadero st. must be sold at
oace, en account of death In family; lease;
rent $37 80; a splendid and rare chance. See
R, O. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A^J225O- CORNER caloon on Montgomery St.;
eetab many years; rent $85; lease; a good-
psylne place and well advertised. Call R.
O. WIL&E. SOH Keamy st.
A— J2200; ROADHOUSE! Roadhcusel" Road-
house I With 13 furn. rooms; rent $40; lease;
a flrst-class paying resort. See R. G. WILICE,
26 •£ Kearny st. • — ¦
A — $300; CORNER saloon; rent $20; a splendid
location in the Mission; place doing a busi-
ness of about $15 per day. R. O. WILKE,
26 H Kearny at.
A— $500; SALOON, vicinity Third and Bran-
nan sts. ; established years; rent $40. Call
R. G. WILKE. 20 V4 Kearny st.
A— $1SOO; SALOON In wholesale district; vl-
clr.lt> of Eansome St.; place established 20
years; doing a good business; rent $50. Sea
R. G. WILKE. -"8^ Keearny st.
A— $3500; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery si., vicinity of
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
count cf 111 health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. 2«Vi Kearny st.
A— $450; BARBER ehep; 3 chairs; best location
in the Mission; rent S15. See It. G. WILKE,
2(>V» Keamy it.
A $3000 HOTEL In San Rafael; 21 rooms bar
parlor and dining room; a well established
place; good furniture and a bargain. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2tS*i Kearny et.
A— $700; RESTAURANT opposite Golden Gate
Park; rent $2S; good business; clearing about
$160 i-rr month. See R. G. WILICE. '20M
Hearer st.
A— $2500; SALOON; choicest location on Mar-
ie *t st.; low rent; good lease; elegant fix-
tures and a first-elate paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE, 26 H Kearny et.
A— «250- BOTTLE beer route; well established.
See R. G. WILKE. 26 H Kearny Et.
A— $2750; CORNER raloon on Market St.. in-
cluding 7 rooms; rent $100; return rents $80;
lease; a first-class location and well estab-
pllihed place. See R. G. WILKE, 26H Kear-
ny st- . <
A — $«X> — CHOPHOUSE and coffee ealoon. opp.
cable house: place estab. years, with steady
and transient customers; owner clears about
$175 per month. See R. G. WILKE, 'M%
Kearny st. ~ ¦ • '
A— DRUGSTORE — drugstore — drugstore; price
$4500; established 27 years; lease 5 years;
rent $C0: one of the best paying stores in this
city; own».r to retire. Call R. G. WILKE,
26«4 Kearny wt.
A— $1000; BOARDING ar.d rooming hous*; 30
rooms, kitchen and dining-room. 37 beds.
EOL-d furniture, leaie. place paying welt See
R. G. WILKE. 26 tt Kearny et. -
A— $2200; DAIRY depot and route; dally sales
50 cans; 8 horses. 4 wagons, etc.; most pri-
vate customers; business kept by owner 13
years; a good-paying Investment. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2tv» Kearny at.
A— $2000; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton cu.; rent $160; lease; place estab-
lished years: first-class business. Call R.-G.
* WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $350; branch bakery and delicatessen
etore with 4 rooms; rent $26: fine Vacation;
good business. Bee R. G. W ILK IE. 2UV4
Kearny^st-
A — $875 cigar stand, transfer comer; rent $25;
good paying place. R. G. Wilke, 2«V4 Kearny
SPLENDID BUSINESS OPENING.'
CHANCE TO BE YOUR OWN BOSS.
LEARN THE REAL ESTATE BUSINESS.
Start in for yourself; only $27 capital re-
quired. We teach you the business, appoint
you our special representative, furnish large
list of salable property, co-operate with and as-
sist you to earn from $3000 to $5000 annually.
Write for particulars. HARRY W. "CROSS _
CO.. 204 Tacoma bldg.. Chicago.
PACIFIC REAL ESTATE CO.,
1015 Market st. Tel. Folsom 141.
$o<JO; country hctel and bar; Investigate. .
$475: corner paloon; do good business.
$225: lodging-house, near Market st.
Restaurant for sale; clearing $50 weekly;
r.ew furniture; new range; act quickly; only
SCCO.
Bt'TCHEP. shop clearing $100 per month must
be sold at a sacrifice; owner going East. H.
O. MEHRTENS. Railroad ave. and Webster
et., Alameda.
FOR sale— A bargain; a grocery store and sa-
loon, 4 miles out of town; doing a large
business; must be sold Immediately on ac-
count of sickness: stock carried about $3000.
For further particulars address C. P. AN-
DERSON. San Jose. Cal. - -
$350 SECURES M Interest In fine, paying com-
mission businrcs clearing $150 monthly to
each; references exchanged; experience un-
necessary, but must be sober and reliable.-
Particulars. 1007% Market st.. room 1.
MONEY wanted— Wanted, party to invest $600*
<? $8000 In an established manufacturing
stock food business; money required to handle
Increase of business; good profits. . For par-
ticulars, address box 2073. Call office.
A SMALL general merchandise store in a town
of 700 population; sales average about Sl.'.OO
per month: will sell reasonable, as It Is
necessary for the owner to leave. Address
for i>artleulars, box C2S. Call office.
PARTNER wanted in a well-established whole-
sale business; only small capital required, ai
we buy for cash and cell for cash and carry
?ery little stock on hand; profits are very
large. Address box 737. Call office.
FOR SALE — Coffee, tea ' and spice .route over
18 years' standing; selling on account of re-
tiring from business. For particulars In-
quire at 119 Front at., between II a. m.
.- and 1 p. bi.
$1000 — DELICATESSEN, grocery, candy, no-
tion store: everything nearly new; cheap
rent: lease; must be sold; bargain. < BERG,
ARMSTRONG A CO.. 818 Kearny st.
STODDARD'S celebrated specialty drug etore
to be sold at a bargain on account of death
in family; fine living rooms for a doctor;'
two side entrances; rent $C5. 10S Turk at.
OLD established art store, fully equipped for
framing: fine location and steady business;
no agents. Box 2512, Call office.
GROCERY and bar for eale In splendid loca-
tion south of Market st. Address box 569.
Call office. ' (
CANDY business; valuable downtown location;
good business; fine fixtures; $4000: otherin-
terestH. Address box 577. Call office.
A— $250; PARTNER wanted In light business
Particulars at 47 Geary st.. room 5.
$2300— SALOON with lease; rent $85; old es-
tablished place. 86 Geary st., room 17.
BAKERY; all store trade; $35 dally; first-class
place: $2000. 721 Polk st. .
GREAT opportunity for doctor to. purchase
corner drug store; no agents. Box 2523, Call.
CARPENTER shop. fln» location and trade;
offer wanted. 1522H Bush st.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for Bale; good busi-
1 ress. Apply «18% Market st. —
PAJITXER in growing business to take,- fill or-
der and collect; Investigate. Box 2502, Call.
FOR sale— Bakery: 22d and Fair Oaks. Ap-
ply 3440 Fair Oaks; on account of .'death.
MILLINERY business for «aJe; a bargain. Call
or address 2213 Shattuck ave., Berkeley. ' .
' FOR asale — The Union Hotel; manufacturing
•town. Benicia, Calif. .
FRENCH liquor store for aale. 621 Valencia
street. ,. ,
A FURNISHED hotel to lease In i thriving
town in Marln County. Box 665, Call office.
WANTED — To buy a good paying delicatessen
store. Address box 594. Call office. >
HAIRDRESSERS— CaJI and see my place;
must sell; n.ake otter. 1153 Market st. - .
FOR sale— Bakery with large stock; good loca-
tion and reasonable, rent.. 715 McAllister. et.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the receptton
c? advertisements and subscriptions h«s beea
opened at 1 0C8 Market ' St.. opposite • Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. ,
JOHX D. SPKECKKr>S . . Proprietor
Afidre »s C<tr 'municaticcs to
JOECV ¦ McyAUGHT; n'r?t^.';>tonager
W. J. MARTIN Business Mana^<?r
TEX DOLLARS REWARD.
Notify The Call Office if Vou Miss
Your Paper.
If for any c*u«e THE CALL it not de-
livered rcgt__rly to B-bscritoer* please
call up •CA__ ESCHASTGE" aad notify
Subscription Clerk in caargre. Your com-
plaint wi:i receive prompt attention.
A «tandi_BT reward of Ten Dollar*
(S10.00) is offered for the arrest and
conviction cf any one caotfbt stoalln*
TS_E CALX..
TISI-EFHONE.
JUk for THE CALU The Operator WU1 Con-
nect You With the Department You \% lsn.
PutllcaUon O'flce Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 CU. Per ' w >* k ' T5
CU. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Ct«- i
Terms by Mail. Including Pottage (Cash wltn
Order): »«'«i»
DAILY CALL, (inelua. Sunday). 1 year $» -W
DAILY CALL Unclud. funcsy), 6 mm... «_OO
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «j>c
eUKDAY CALL. 1 Year *•£>
STEEKLY CALU 1 Year J0 °
f Daily... $S.8O Per Year Extra
FOREIGN J fundar. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. \ weekly. 100 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTKKS' AUE AUTHORIZED
TO ilECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Eample Copies will be forwarded wnen re-
quested.
Mail subscribers in ordering change craa-
«rers should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
prompt and correct oompliano* with tn«»r re-
esest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
J016 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE: _,
Sl« Center Street Telephone North «»
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
BAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Wa'.dorf-Artoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 31
Cns-i Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
nue Hotel and Hoffmen House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fterman House; P. O. News Co.; Great
Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
betel; Falser House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE :
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.-Marquette Building
<Lccg Distance Telephone. "Central 261&. ')
NEW TORK BEPRESENTATIVK:
STEPHEN B. 6MITH W Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAKLTON Herald Square
BCMICESS OFFICE of the Ban Francisco
Call, ccrcer Market and Third streets; ope»
cctll 12 o'clock every nirht in the year. r
BRANCH OFFICES:
100s Market street, opposite filth; cpeft until
11 p. m.
•27 Mortgotcery street, corner Clay; «p*a
uctll :• .ix> t> in
•00 Hayes street; open ontH »:SOTp. m.
«3!» McAllister etreet; open until »:30 p. n.
«J5 L— rkin 6treet; open until 9:30 p. m.
5W; M:tsion etreet; open until 10 p. to.
S2C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; epea
ur.t'.l S f. m.
J06 Elfver-th etreet: open until » p. m.
itKm Valencia street; cpen until B p. m.
Ncrtheact corner Church and Ouncaa streets;
open until 8 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ttreets; cpen until » p. m.
COO FUlracre street; open until » P. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THE SOQiER-
CALX, subscribers cantemplatinv »
rh-sre of residence dnrlnr t-e summer
tncntha can tare tnelr uaper forwarded
by mall to their new address by notify*
tsr THE CALL Basinets Office. This
paper will also be on sale-at all summer
resorts aad is represented by a local
a^-ent in all towas on the coast.
MEETIXG XOTICKS. ~~
A FTATED' re££ion of Islam W^S j^**^/
Teorie. A. A. O. K. St. «.. -t&5_C**^
¦will be held at Golden Gate T""a^ *
HaJI. 024 Fatter rt.. THIS '^cW'fewT
¦WEDNESDAY) EVENING at AjSSN
6 o'clock. Ill \*
J. W. ANDERSON. U( if
Recorder. "
CALIFORNIA Lodge cf Perfection No. ®
Jl». A. and A. S. R.. fS9 Sutter tt.-'l*'/
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY)
EVENING at S o'clock. Fourth de-
free. Visiting brethren cordially invited
CHARLES JELLINEK. Secretary.
MOUNT MCRIAII Lodge No. 44, F. and a
A. M. —Called meeting THISVV
• WEDNESDAY* EVENING at 7:30^^%
o'clock. Firrt degree.
THEO. FROLICH. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 133, F. and A. g
M.— Firrt derree THIS (WEDXES-VV
DAY* EVENING at 7:30 o'clock.
H. H. McPHERSON. Secretary. '.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. _
M.~ Firtrt derree THIS (1VEDNE8-VV
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. nf\
H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 163. F. and A. M. •
. —Called meeting THIS (WEDNES-YV
PAY! EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. j*f\
Third degree. R. E. ALLAN, Sec.
FARNSV.ORTH Lodge No. VS. I. _.«-,_
0 O. F.— Initiation THIS if-aSStrfife
1 WEDNESDAY) EVENING. Jure -4©C?jL<*£
S. at 8 o'clock eharp. Welcome *^3t;,,£i9'
Hail. Vieltlng and Frjouming brothers In-
vited. J S. SINCLAIR, Noble Grand.
G. A. BUIUIAN', Recording Secretary.
THE I. O. O. F. picnic will be held j_,
June 1L I»ft4. at Fernbrook Park. .-SSEsHsSSi.
T,^a* leaves the ferry larMlns s t =?§'3r££'*?
9 o'clock. Every child will receive
a prize. THE COMMITTEE.
THE r £ !!fcrnia Debris Co~imi*«Son having
received applicatlcn to mine by hydraulic
process rrorr i G<*crge E. Waggoner and David
Upton In Telegraph mine, at Indian Dig-
gings. El Dorado County. Cal.. draining Into
Indian Diggings Creek, which reaches Co-
eutr.ne* River, give* notice that meetir.g will
be held at room 06. Flood building. San
Francisco. Cal.. June 20, 1304. at 1:30 p. m.
CHEAPEST and b-rt In America— The Weekly
•¦all. 16 p»K»». s«?r.t to any address In the
Tniteg gtatfs or Canada one year fcr SI.
ATTOnSEYS-AT.LAW.
A PRIVATE., quick diTorce for small fee.
See ~ie and save money; no cay In advance.
C. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY- AT- LA W.
F>tab!irhed 22 yrs.: nna. 1. 2. 3. 4 A 5.1st fl..
1322 Market rt.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free all matters. Defectives employed.
R. W KINO. Attorney-at-L*w. Esam. bldg.^
Cth floor: entrance room CTI; establlthed 20
r*ers; all caa*s, general court ar.d efflre prac-
tice : no fee in advance or for consul tatlon;
evenings by appoint— ier.t. Te!. Red S«01.
PENSION atty.— M. HARRIS, 4o1_urs st.. 20
>tT. practice; refs. frorr i many thousands of
eo'.dier«. sailors, widow* ¦and orphans on Pa- |
cific Ccatt fcr whom I have secured pensions.
DIVORCE — Costs, 112^ aulck. quiet; advice
free: ail law business; no charge uciess <>uc-
n Msrfal; or-»n «-venings. 827 Market, room S01.
ADVICE free; divorce cca'.s S12; no feen or
costs in «dval^»: all law business; office
open Bafjrdiiy evenings. 819 Market St.. r.83.
DIVORCE law a rpeclalty: bo publicity: advice
free: co«Ui $12. Ad. DA. 6.. P.O. box 2199, S.F.
L. S. CLARK. SC7 Market st. ; consultation
.frtm: r>n 1r*-% In ao'van-*: cpen ever.ir.gs.
AtTTO it O EI_ _ S.
AUTOM OBILES— Li very, garage and salesT
room*; automobiles of every description
hcuglit and sold; will buy or sell eecond- |
hand machine*. - See us. before you do any- j
thicg with your machine. • Phone South 702. •
Pacific States Autonicbli* O... Ellis, at.
WANTED— To buy an automobile in first-class
crder; not over $500. Address, giving de-
BtTlpUcn of machine, box 57». Call office. ,
THOMAS Automobile lor sale. $8M>; seating
capacity 5 people.- Box <2S. Call office.
DOS-A-DOS Jn good running order for . aale. .
Addn-sa box SS4. Oil ofOce.
WHITE Stanhope Automobile for eale. Box
ISO. CaH office.
roiTeaJe— XutomobUe <«tc_m). Box C33. Caf)
office.
* ASTHMA JEMEPT.
A tW Nela'a A«th^asT~Henoedy relieves^in^uintl
jy; 1&T25C, C°c. 1602 Market, fit Nielwlas.
- t r ] /"-> A "]\ T T~) f T \/ S~~\ FV O T~* f I WITH EQUAL - -.FACILITY » BY PLACING
Y vJU' LAH IjU 1-UK uCLL the right sort of an ad '
ni'SINK SS rilANms — ro-*lnn«»«l. !
A— CAMERON _ CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
UITAITTIFULLY located — jmmer resort: fine
Kroves; :tC-room hotel; all furnished and
equipped for business; 20 acres land goes
with lease; raise own hay. vegetables: all :
kinds of fruit; rent $300 per year; equity In
this $2500; death in family cause of _"ie.
CAMERON & CO. • • i
FOR sale — Well-furnished 5-room ark. moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
eummer outing; also for winter shooting and
fishing; all modern conveniences: new, one
y-ar; price $2200 complete. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Kddy st.
FORpale — Well-located bazaar and Oirnl»hlng
Bood» bu»in»Fs: cheap rent; <>% yesrrs'- lease;
one of the best transfer corners in city: <Io-
lng fine buslnerr.; other Interests cause sale;
prie«J$300t>. Bee CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade i
tor rmg.-hse. or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy. '
FOR sale, or will .trade — 6 acres inside city
limits; one of best Interior cities In Califor-
nia; house, barn, other outbuildings; plenty I
all kinds fruit; beautiful home; will trade for
roomlr.g-houfle; price $4000. CAMERON A
CO.. 8 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Electrical and locksmith business; j
central location; established 0 yean; rent '
$30; clears $30 to $100 per month; price $600;
must sell on account of other business. CAM-
ERON _ CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Carriage and wagon factory and
general Jobbing; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools,
eta; full investigation and trial given; re-
tiring from business. CAMERON & CO.,'**
Eddy st. t
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO., 3 Eddy St.
FINE newspaper route for sals. Inquire at
this office.
LOPGIXG-HOL'SES FOR _8ALK._
A. CAMERON _ CO.. ' -Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
82 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything in
first-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; If run
transient can clear SHOO to $350 per month;
here is best proposition in city; price $3200.
A3 rooms; best downtown transient house in
city; will trade for ranch; compelled to leave
the city.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment^
house; luxuriously furnished; ¦ grand entrance;
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $600
per month; to be sold at a bargain on account
of departure.
17 rooms; rent only $70; fine little apart-
ment-house; elcknees; must sell; snap; $600.
128 rooms; cheap rent: long tease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished:
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business;, only with ue.
75 rooms: grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent: 10 years' lease; close in;
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure. -
24 rooms: rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
10$ roome: cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run In conjunction If desired;
rare chance for right parties; part .cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of the house; other busi-
ness Interests demand immediate departure.
8 rooma; fine upper flat; rent only $30; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
3450.
21 rooms : corner; rent only $85: oak fur.;
good carpets; housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
$1600.
160 rooms; grand, new. modern apertment-
house: elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent: fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month;
close In; full nice people; bargain if taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
7-room flat; rent $40: oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
126 rooms: rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease: clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys in the city.
1» rooms; rent only $100: well furnished;
little apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
28 rooms: elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment- house and pay cash difference.
. 14 rooms; rent only $57; oak furniture; good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $900.
103 rooms; cheap rent; flrst-claaa up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars. .
Large list of real estate, roomlng-hpases
and business, for exchange or trade/alwajr* on
hand. A. CAMERON A CO.. 8 Eddy st.
- MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg., over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts.; tel. Black 3607.
Rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
HIGH-CLASS rooming-house of 10 rooms,
clearing $105 monthly; fine, new furnishings;
sunny side; beautiful lawn; must be sold;
don't wait, but make some offer to -
MARION GRIFFIN.
CORNERS are In demand; 30 rooms; north of
Market; extra fine; long lease: clears $175;
high-class roomers. . MARION GRIFFIN.
FAMILY boarding-house of 40 rooms; very
quret and refined; nice, sunny corner in fash-
ionable section of city- owing to III health
the owner will take $2500; half cash; clears
$180 per month and all help hired. -
MARION GRIFFIN.
LOOK AHEAD 0 months, when this 80-room
house will be worth $8000; the , rent is only
$3 per room; clear profit $246 monthly: owner
has chance to buy a saloon clearing' $500
, month, hence will sacrifice the house for
$4000 this week. MARION GRIFFIN.
SUTTER st. is Al for select roomers: $1600
takes a nice, quiet,' respectable house of 23
rooms: all outside, light sunny rooms; clears
$98 per month. MARION GRIFFIN.
OR would you prefer a 17-room house. 2 blocks
north of Market? Just the permanent room-
ers pay $05 per month \over expenses; you
only need $800 in cash. MARION'GRIFFIN.
NINE rooms for $250? Yes, 6 blocks north of
Market; rent $85; needs more furniture.
. ALSO
7 rooms, near Emporium; $230; clear* $20.
10 rooms, O'Farrell st.. $300; rent $40; In-
come $70. MARION GRIFFIN.
SPLENDID 40-rootn / house on Sutter st.. in
the best possible condition. I Plentifully fur-
nished with the best cf everything. Full of
the most desirable people. Profit $150 month.
Reasonable rent. Long lease. Fair price.
MARION GRIFFIN.
JUST the place; 14 beautifully furnished rooms
on i sunny corner near St. Francis Hotel;
hlghclass, respectable roomers; low-price;
part cash, balance as you earn H from the
house. This is an ideal home and money-
maker. MARION <JRIFFIN. :
100 ROOME: sunny corner: rent $123 $1500
100 rooms; clears $360; low rent....: ft<500
80 rooms; furniture nearly new........ .$3800
40 rooms; fine location, north of Market. $1000
46 rooms; In Oakland; new; rent $80.; ..$2500
12 rooms; half cash; cheap rent ..$000
Money to - loan on ' furniture. EITEL A
CARnOLL. 212 Kearny st.
A FIRST-CLASS apartment house, downtown
location, for sale at a sacrifice for caah or
will make terms to suit If sold before July
1: «f count of elckness. A. B. SMITH CO.,
128 Ellis st.
42 ROOMS; corner; near R. R. depot; rooms
all- full; clears $125 per month; -rent $3 per
room; owner sick; must sell; $2350. 453, Call.'
THIRTY-FTVE-ROOM Market-street . house;
busy corner; Al transient; I will sell at low
figure or exchange. Box 8436, Call office.
GREAT money-making transient ; house, 83
rooms; center city; no agents. Box 2524, Call.
FOR sale—^Lodging house; 231 ¦ Third - St.; 20
rooms; owner »lck; price $950:' rent $76. ¦¦ ",
COTTAGES TO LET. .
SUNNY cottare; 6 rooms; basement; yard.' 137-
Dolores St.; near Fifteenth. ..;;.'.
$17 — 5-ROOM cottage on Cottage row, near
Webster, bet. Sutter, and Bush. Inaulre 7.
EnUCATIOXAL— Cnntlnned.
HEALD'S School of Mlne9&Electrlctty.24 Post
St.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering:
complete equipment. - Special catalogue free.
DANCING — AdulU. Mon. and Fri. tvgs; Juve-
niles.- Sat. 2 to 6; priv. lessons dally. Flnd-
lay's Hall, i 7th. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.. mln.. roech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day •-.; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING. English, math., etc.. day cr
eve. individual instr. Rm. 2, 305 Larkln. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, formerly of Pac. Bus. Col.
PRIVATE lessons English, shorthand, etc.. $4
• mo.* Western Business College, ' 1107. Market.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per mo.;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 82S Halght st.
PIANO 1 lessons. 26c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — OHPHEUM Employment Office — Japan***-
Chlnese- help. 426 Powell rt.: tel.-Maln 5752.
GRAND — Japanese .and Chinese employment
office. 415 Stockton st.: tel. Grant 188.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 316 Stockton; Main B1S8
CHINESE! and Japanese help; estab. 30 years.
Tel. # Maln 1097. BRADLEY A CO.. 840-Clay.
KMPLOVMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
COOK, first class, best of references, A No. 1
< on soups, meats and pastry; also first-class
German girl for general housework; also
first-class nurse, all with good ¦ references.
wlah situations. Apply J. F. CROSETT A
CO.. 834 Butter St.
GOOD, strong American woman wants work
by the day sweeping and cleaning; a fine
flannel washer; satisfaction guaranteed. p48Vi
Mission St., between Fourth and Fifth, room
12, one flight of stairs.
A REFINED young woman with two months'
. vacation would like to go to ' the country
with a respectable family as companion, or
. take care of a child. Address D. R.. Fruit-
vale P. O.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wtohea place for cook-
ing and general housework; references; wages
$23. 2312 Van Ness ave., between Vallejo
and Green sus.
REFINED young lady would like position as
lady's companion; best of references; refined
home preferred. Box 2074, Call office.
WANTED^ — Position by experienced stenogra-
pher; can give best references. Address box
2573. Call office.
A COMPETENT hospital nurse will care for
Invalid; city or country; will travel; relia-
ble credentials. Box 2103, Call office.
•SWEDISH girl for general housework or cook-
Ing; good cook. Call at 22S Chapultepee St.,
between Eugenia and Virginia; off Mission.
WANTED — Any kind of work by the day; good
cook. 34 Sixth st.
TWO Finnish girls wish situation for house-
work. Apply 124 Langton St., rear.
EXPERIENCED nurse want* care of Invalid
or infant. 324 Mason st-, phone Blade 2396.
COMPETENT, reliable good woman; work by
¦. the day; washing and ironing or house
cleaning; $1 60 a day or 75c half day and
car fare. Please inquire at 68 Valley St.,
bet. Dolore* a nd Sa n Jose ave.
WANTED— Position by young lady o f experi-
ence at office work; good penman; can keep
books; can furnish good references. Box
1290, Call office. Oakland.
A LADY would Ilka to accompany family to
New Zealand: car* for children or be - of
general assistance: does not become seasick.
Address box 25C3. Call office.
AA — BOOKKEEPER; casftler; young lady; ex-
p*rt accountant; all modern methods; highest
references; last position 6 years. Box 2308,
Call office.
A WOMAN with references desires washing or
house work by the day; terms $1 and car
fare. Address box 2556, Call office.
ELDERLY lady wishes position as housekeep-
: er, city or country. 136 Fifth St., between
Howard and Mission.
COMPETENT woman wants situation " to do
housework; good cook and laundress; city or
I country. Box 2310, Call office.
A YOUNG' lady wishes washing and house-
cleaning by the day; wages »i 60 per day.
Apply 17% Welsh st.
WOMAN wants work by the day; houseclean-
lng; $1 60 and car fare. Call or address
MRS. OSGOOD. 115 Hayes at.
YOUNG Danish girl desire* situation as second
girl. Please call 1126 Treat ave.
A GIRL wants housework in the country; $25
per month. 34 Freelon st.>t:lty.
WANTED — A situation as cook and laundress.
\Box 2016. Call office.
A YOUNO woman wants work by the day.
Phone Scott 1324. •
A FINNISH girl wishes position to do general
housework. Call Monday, 327% Third st.
YOUNG woman wants work by the day. 1517%
Leavenworth et.
WOMAN takes washing home; open air dry.
Phone Fell 1041.
FIRST-class laundress wishes laundering to do
at home. Box 2057. Call office.
WOMAS' wants work by the day; housework,
cooking, cleaning, etc. 577% Natoma st.
SEWING by the day; good fitter; shirt waist
suits made In a day; $2 a day. ¦ 36A Eighth.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Brunch office, cor. Duncan A Church ata.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Tbt
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
E.MPLOVME.vr WANTED MALE.
MECHANICAL -draughtsman — Mechanic liar-
ing completed mechanical drawing course and
well advanced In complete mechanical, wishes
work as assistant, tracing or • details. Ad-
dress 1128 Tennessee st.
MAN and wife;' young; man experienced
coachman;, can do gardening, etc.; wife Is a>
' good cook: city references; city or suburbs.
Box 2570. Call office.
A YOUNG man wants to drive a light wagon
or do anything else where he can advance;
can give references; has grammar schooling.
Box 2067. Call office. ¦
A GOOD and honest boy. with first-class ref-
. erences. who Is an experienced elevator op-
erator, wants a situation. Address box 2571,
Call office, y -.. . ¦
YOUNG man wants work of any kind. Box
210U. Call.
MECHANICAL draughtsman, good designer
, and detaller, 18 years experience mining,
' ¦ stationary, marine, wants position or work
at home. Box 2084. Call. • , : .
POSITION. wanted by experienced man aa foot-
man; thoroughly understands care of horses;
''private family, 4C8. Call. _^
BARTENDER and grocery clerk — Young man
(single), • good appearance, trustworthy and
reliable. RAY. 246 Townsend st. .
A GOOD all-round painter and decorator ' will
work reasonable; tools furnished. Box 2039,
Call office. .'¦'•••-..
YOUNG German (2 years in this State) wants
employment during evening hours; knows
bookkeeping and typewriting. Box 2518. Call.
Painter, paper-hanger, slgnwrlter, wants work;
tools furn. 1272 Folsom St.; phone Mint 131.
A JAPANESE boy wants situation to do house,
work and plain' laundry. I. F., 461. Jessie gt.
JAPANESE competent cook wants position as
; schoolboy • In small 'family. Box -002. Call.
:;, ; v:^/. .flats .-.to-, let.. .
AAA-HOU BE KEnYiN -^DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed in our free renting department; over 1000
i in number; a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help- you to find a
place; »i never fail; service free.- r
*/:-¦¦ . STERLING FURNITURE CO.,
1039 MARKET ST..
. OPPOSITE McALLJSTEH..
A — HOUSES and flats \ to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; • take advantage of
* . this department: : it will save you . time and
/ trouble. " . Cordes Furniture Co.. ¦ 243-238
Geary St., en the square. ,
VAN NESS ave.,. 631— Most -; elegant corner
. rflat In dty.sto lease;; private family only:
; .- rent- $86; open 11 a. m. to 4 p. m. Apply
on premise* or 'to BALDWIN t.HOWELL.
HAYES. 692.' corner .' Buchanan— Nice sunny
flat, 6 rooms and bath; modern Improve-
: ments. • '. - "
BRODERICK.- 14S3. nr. Post— $30; 6-room flat,
with 4 nice chambers In attic: new porcelain
, . open plumbing; sun every rm. , Tel.' Scott'4341.
CENTRAL ave.. 67. nr. .Waller— Rent reduced;
sunny, upper up-to-date fiat; 6 large rooms
- bath; - must . be seen to . be appreciated. : ¦ $3o!
FI.AT8 TO LET Continued.
BRODERICK. 220. near Oak— Modern flat of 6
•y'roon_, bath and servant's room; grand view
! from every room; rent $32 SO.
NINETEENTH and Castro sts.. NW. cor.— Sun
all day; upper fiat; 7 rooms and bath;
modern; $30. _ *
NOE 1054 corner Elizabeth— 5 sunny rooms:
new; yard, basement: convenient to Twenty-
fourth and Caatro cans: reasonable.
A— PRETTILY furnished flat. Inquire 1803
Stelner st.
A FLAT of 6 rooms and bath; rent $1S. 1660
Page et.
FIIXMORE, 1126 — 7-room flat; rooms all i
light; modern; furniture for sale. j
HARRIET! 04. near Sixth— Flat 8 rooms, up-
stairs; $28 a month.
LAKE. 740.742- -New flats. « rooms each; rent
$23-J30; fine view. -
-LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on I.YON A HOAG. 116_Montgo— ery St.
LOWElTfUtrnolind 114, and upper flat. 115
Perry St.. near Third; Tjater and "he* "_**•
TWENTY-THIRD. 3244, near Mission— Five
sunny rooms and bath. '
VALLEJO, 100S — 7 rooms: second" «tory upper
flat: marine view; $35.
WALLER. ISA— House of 8 rooms; bllllard-
room; bath: heater; modern: $60.
$S5— MODERN flat of 9 roens. 1303H Waller
St.. near Masonic ave. ¦
FLATS TO LET FUR.MSHED.
24 NEW, sunny, artistically finished flats of
4 and 6 rooms, on Pacific St.. between Tay-
lor and Jones: rents ranging from . $16 to
$26. ¦ VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO.. 613
California at. .
$23 to $33 — The Lorenzo. 41 Oetavla St.; re-
duced rates: well furnished: best lighted-
most conveniences: walking distance, but 3
car lines if wanted; 3 and. 4 room suites.
CAPP, 614 — Furnished 6-room flat; piano;
gas and coal stove. Call bet. 11 and 4.
ELLIS. 1116 — Furnished flat. 7 rooms and at-
tic; rant low; refs. ' Phone Stelner 242.
OAK, 1183. panhandle — Flat. 4 rooms, or house
of 7 rooms, bath, phone, garden; $23 to $40.
SUNNY 6-room lower flat. $13. 4230A Twen-
tieth st.. near Castro.
6-ROOM furnished flat, modern, to responsible
party. Box 2071. Call office.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ANDERSON Auction House at 19 Turk St.. nr.
Market, for furniture and everything for the
house at lowest prices.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 60
down and $1 50 per wfek. T. Brilliant'*
Furniture Co. 340 Post ,at-. near Powell.
FOR SALE! — Reasonable, furniture of 8-room
flat; everything new and clean; no dealers.
Bex 643. Call office. £ ' *
FURNITURE of 7 rooms for sale cheap; rent
$35. 157, Ninth st.
AN elegantly furnished flat of 6 rooma for
sale. Box 635. Call.
FOR PALE — Furniture for five rooms In stor-
age at present. Box 372. Call office.
FOR SALE — Furniture of a six-room fiat.
Box 1S4. Call office.
FURNITURE, stoves, bought, sold, exchanged.
Barger. 430 Valencia. nr.lgth.Tel.Church 8879
CHEAPEST place in city for second-hand fur-
niture. 086 Geary st. Tel. Polk 147T.
:: furniture: wanted.
~~' / ABE LEVT.
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. TeL Jessie 76L
Don't sell ycur furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc., until you get his estimate,
CHAS. LEVY A CO. pay highest price for fur-
nlture.carpets. etc. 782 Mission; teL Bush 413.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED — Three waitresses for resorts $25;
French, cook, $35. also second girl, $25. for
. the same place for widow lady.. Santa Clara
Valley; German or Scandinavian girl, general
housework, no eweeping, no washing. $30;
girl, general housework for officer's family
at Presidio, no washing, $25; first-class wait-
ress, summer resort. $30; waitress for
springs, $25; chambermaid and waitress,
country hotel, $25; nurse girl. $20; waitress,
family hotel, city. $25. and a large number
of girls city and country, for general house-
work. $25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
834 Sutter st.
A PANTRY maid, a laundry maid, also 6
waitresses for same mountain resort. $23
each; register early; a cook, small board-
ing house, city. $35; a waitress for private
family. $35. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sut-
ter St.. near Powell.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn hatrdressing.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
West. 233 Geary «., room 13.
A — GIRL to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son: both seasons taught from start to finish
in 1 month for $15: positions as trlr-.inen\
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening cia»s. 143 Stockton St., r. 13,
A — LADIES, learn all branches hiirdressing
trade, manicuring, massage, etc.; positions
secured at highest wages- day and evening
classes; thorough system: Removed from. 1238
Market st. to 133 Powell st. ~>
WANTED — Young lady for vaudeville sketch
to travel. ! Address Br-G. GEORGE, room 43,
Hotel St. Clement. 271 Fourth •_; apply be-
tween S and 9 p.- m.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress; one that can baste
good edges preferred; good salary. E. N.
WOOD. 49 Geary st.
WANTED— Apprentices to learn hairdresslng
and. manicuring; paid while learning. Apply
between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — A refined young lady as companion
to a lady and to assist In light housework;
references required. 418 Montgomery st.
¦WRAPPERS wanted: none but experienced
need apply. MARKS BROS.. 1220 Market st.
APPRENTICES on ladles' . cloaks and . suits.
D. M. DAVIDSON & CO.. 62 First st.
YOUNO girl to assist with housework in the
country. 1915 Ellis st.
GIRL for cooking and housework in small fam-
ily. Call 247tt.Bush st. -
A COOK, assist general housework; wage* $30.
Call 163 Duboce ave., near Guerrero st.
TWO lady canvassers at once; new goods: lib-
eral terms; ' city and country.- The Oatlne
Co.. 121 Geary st.. room. 721.
COOK for restaurant: must have good refer-
ences." Box 2066, Call office.
APPRENTICES to learn halrdresslnir; paid
while learning. COSGROVE'S. 110 Geary st.
TALENTED -amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes, 6 p.' m., Wednesday: salary no object.
FIRST-CLASS hairdressers and manicurers
wanted. Apply at COSQROVgS. 110 Geary.
A PROFITABLE outing; pick hops In August.
Write E. Clemens Horat. 122 Battery s_.S.F.'
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions hat been
opened at 1008. Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p.- m. #
HELP WANTED— MALE. .
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCT^^ 7 '
F. M. GUNN. 638 Commercial . at.^'
Phone Main 1191. , Near KearnyV
2 brickmasons for mine. $5 day. j
.Nevada, 8 hours' work, long Job.' $2 to $2 BO I
Special fare, see boss here; ship you to-day '
Free fare, company work. California R. R."
laborers. k •
12 laborers. 10c fare. $2 day. 8 hours* work
We also want laborers for steam shovel, $'i
'This it free fare, 2 horse teamsters to build
electric .railroad; $2 day, ship dally
Free, fare all-over California; section aad
extra gang: 100 Greeks; free fare
Woodchcppers, $t 25. $1 35 and $2 cord
Boys for box factory. $23 and found
Gardener, private place, .south. $30 and m
. Bellman. $15 and fd.: third cook city- cook
for" hayflelds. $23 and f d. ; 20 laborers' f£*
.fare. $60; you work 8 hours of
. other Jobs; call and. see us. " unared » or
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
602 Clay st. -Phone James 2J78 '
. , Nevada. Government XVork. ¦ Nevada
u -Tunnelmen, Teamsters Laborers -' .
Machinist. $3 day. . --"orers. .
2 carriage painters. $3 60 day
10 pipeline men.- $2 25 day. .
10 Italian laborers, long job $2 day
4 milkers, good Jobs.. $33 month.
. 100 other, mechanics and laborers.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery st
S« m ji?3r Bu JJ $25 ' re8ort: »««ond^cootTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE S, 1004.
13
IN THE WANT COLUMNS OF THF CAM
Mt«rr:i.? »\poi'« kom s*i.v. • on
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, Ehaftlng, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented ajid exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO., 130-132 Beale st.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to step all leaks In the one and preserve the
new. 205 Front ft.; tel Main 1429.
A— FINE suit*. $7 60; dress paints. $2 50. Orlg-
I tnal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 233 Kearny et..
' near Bush; open to 9 p./m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boiler*, water pipe shafting pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 2S3-255 Spear St.
A— 50 BARRELS of bonded whisky for sale;
small or large lots. United Loan and Trust
Co.. 21 Stockton st.
FOR SALE — Good second-hand wharf p'.ank.
$6 50 per M. LEROY BRUNDAGE. 2021
Seventeenth st.
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
etilts to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton st.
DIAMONDS, wavfhes and jewelry for sale on
small weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Etockton st
J. COOPER, rents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st.
upstairs. t
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 60 hata, $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearcy st. near
Pine; open to 9 p. m.; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
f cct-form ehoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 8d gt.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
SECOND-HAND r»*lskl»s. old goW and dia-
monds bought; send postal; will call. New
Municipal Loan Office. 617 Washington st.
A BARGAIN; 7-inch three-tone, sttam siren;
good as new. Box 2072, Call ofuce.
A 40-KEY National cash register. $60. Crock-
ery store. Fourth and Mission ets.
Desk, sale tbls'week only, 20 per cent oft regu-
lar prices. Richardson Broe., 1S16 Market et.
ALASKA seal coat cheap; 38 bust; must sell.
Box 21ol. Call office.
BEST white lead 7c per pound; to painters
BUTCHER, 741 Mission st. •
FOR sale— Elegant 60-llght electric bath~cabl-
net reasonable. Electric Works. 227 Ellis st,
AWNINGS. tents.new.*econd hand. SUN TENT
& AWNING CO.,42 gpear St.; tel. John 04S«.
TENTS for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT fc AWNING OO..35 Mkt.Tel.Bush 858.
PIGEONS— All the leading varieties; stamp for
catalogue. C. WILSON, office 229 Stevenson.
BRITANNICA Encyclopedia, latest edition, 31
vols. KING'S, 61 McAllister St.. nr. Market.
EDISON Phonograph Agency. Peter Bacigalupi,
moved to 7.<8 Mission st.
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap: some
new; 16x18. 319 Third St.; tel. Main 413.
ASK fc'r Trices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montry.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds and watches;
*asy payments. GARIN. S03 Hayward bldg.
SAFES and each registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market St.
SOME good second-' -nd gasoline engines. 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck A Co., 122 Mkt.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 807 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental:
bargeins. BuIIard & Breck. 131 Post Ft.
SAFES — New and second-hand. -Ji. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
GASOLINE engines, auto — biles and launches;
all sl«ps. J. K. DOAK. 4* Fremont st.
MISCELLANEOUS "WANTS. V
BIG prices paid fcr old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds, gents' iull dress suits etc.; send
pcstal card. L1CHTENSTEIN" BROS.. 2U
Etockton st.
WANTED — To buy second-hand waffle irons
for wacon. Box 2070, Call office.
MORRIS gives highest prices for ladies' and
gents' casteff clothing; postal. 943 Folsom.
HIGHEST price paid for casteff clothing. TeL
Davl» 825; C50 Sacramento st. f
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Sth it.; tel. Jessie 2S51.
DESKS bought. *old and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 782 Mission; phene Bush 487
EHOE8 wanted: misfit A eastoff; highest prcs.;
Dew £ 2d-hand shoes for »a!e. 749 Million. .
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY
B01- 602 -COil Examiner building..
Quick settlements; ro disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estatec, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trust,
etc. , legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
INTEREST 54 AND 6 PER CENT.
yAPPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount advanced on CITY. OAKLAND,
TOWN AND COUNTRY real estate.
. Second mortgages, estates in probate, undi-
vided Interests in real estate, property in
trust; loans closed prcmptly.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY. City Agents
107-8-9-11 CROCKER BUILDING.
POST AXD MARKET STREETS.
WILL~LOAX
A reasonable amount on
-. 1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels. In city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give fuil particulars
of property or chattels.
Location etc.
Box 400, Call office.
LOWEST BANK RATE.
Any amount; first ar.d second mortgages,
estates In probate, undivided Interest in
estates assignments of rents, etc., at lowest
rete of intfr<\st.
RIVERS BROS., 20o Montgomery st.
SALARY LOANS— "
Money loaned salaried people without «ccur.
Ity or Indorsement, krowl>>dge of employer or
anyone; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Farrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or planu,
without removal or other security: no com.:
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co., US Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market it.
HIGHLY rttpcctable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamond!*, jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
_HS Market; tel. Main 1C44. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry sealskins
and valuables: our fireproof vault is protect-
ed from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton ; phone Bush 4SL
MONEY lesned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, tean-.ster*. boardicg-house;. without
security; »afy payments: Urge business In
4C pr.nclpal cltle*. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg
THE United Lo*n and Trust Co., 21. Stockton
tt. (upsta>:s). leans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and vr.U-atles at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone. Bush 4S4.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
r.o commission: no publicity; $20 up; quick,
quiet confidential. 2C Montgomery st . rm. 7.
MONEY to lean on low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHALS. 10 Sixth «t.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos: strict
privacy; n» rcmmlsnion: Installment* accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ETAR Loan Co. -of Wyoming loans meney to
calaried employes. R. ;:1J. Mutual Sav. Bk.
bid. ; Oakland effice, 1103H Brdwy.. suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave.
JLOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
TO ralaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and ether security. S.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Pbelan bldg.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel "mortgages
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan ani
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st. •
MONEY to loan for building purpoee*- low
rate; private party. 234-235 Parrot bldg.
ALL loan* on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Baqk. 53S Kearny.
I PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 70S Market St.
\y~ per cent on furniture and piano*; no com.
charged. ELFVINO. 618 Hearst bid.. Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORELL. C0» Examiner building.
LEGAL .11) V UKTlSliMK.NTS.
NOTICE — uinct cl Insurance Commissioner
Ean Francisco. Cal.. May 11. 19u4— Having
ascertained that tbe capital stock of the
Union Surety %and Guaranty Company has
become impaired, and that said company has
become Insolvent within the true Intent and
meaning of the insurance laws of tbe State
of California, I have this day revoked Its
certificate of authority, previously granted,
as provided In section C00 cf tbe Political
Code, and notice Is hereby given that said
company Is no longer authorized to transact
the business of Insurance within this State.
¦E. MYRON WOLF. Insurance Commissioner.
HELP WANTED — MALE— Cos.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY * READY.
MURRAY 4 READY.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & READY.
BPECIAL. SPECIAL. SPECIAL
YOU
_r i};±, y-READ THIS
TO-DAY. / TO-DAY. TO-DAY.
FREE. FREE. FREE.
60 LABORERS.
15, Day — Board and Lodgincs — $5 Day.
Steady Job
Year Around.
B0 laborers for warehouse work In San Fran-
cisco: any willing man can do the work.
$5 Day. $5 Day. $5 Day. $5 Day.
Board and Lodgincs.
SAILORS and young man (green hands) for
ships. HALLBETtT. 617 Jackson et.
Pension Atty.. E. A. Buliis. r.40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomaa Post, O. A. R.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart »t.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third etlTnear llar-
ket — 700 rooms; S5c night: reading- «-ooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and fr£m ferry-
ADVERTISMENTS, subscriptions''' received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church ets.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions h&a been
opened at 1005 Market at., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sltea men's ehoes, slightly damn.cM.half
j price. 563 Mission St.. bet. In and 2d its.
I GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to 50c 5R3 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES A3TD WAGOXS.
KENTUCKY BADDLE HORSES.
A number cf fine caddie horses belonging to
the American Saddle Horse Breeding Farm cf
San Diego are on exhibition and for sale at
tbe San Francisco Riding Club, Seventh and C
sts.; price $500.
FOR sale-^-Pacing mare. $175; 7 years old, very
fact; gentle In every respect; safe for wo-
man to drive: will go double. For particu-
lars address bcx 660, Call.
FOR sale — Bay horse. S years old. 1100 lbs,
15H hands; good buggy hor»e: also broken
to saddle; perfectly gentle. Box 655, Call.
FOR. sale — One fine black driving or saddle
horse, suitable for lady, at Dexter Prince
Stables. 1541 Grove st.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horses, wag-
ons rurreys, buggies, carts and harness; at
1140 Folsom st. —
FINE river bottom pasturage: green feed year
round; near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stable*. 190 Stevenson. S. F.
CAMP wagon fcr hire. Apply 1421 Buchanan
street. '
SECOND-HAND camping wagon. 843 Howard
street.
ONE double and one single set of buggy har-
ness for sale. Box 5C9. Call office.
FOR sale — Light running rubber tired buggy.
Bcx SS5. Call office.
SORREL horse for sale. 7 years old; true and
gentle. Box 729. Call office.
FOR sale — Two second-hand platform sprite
wagons and one truck. 233 Beale st.
NEW and e-conj-hand wtgons. all kinds, at
1615 Market St.. cpp. Franklin.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
nw«. work and drivinir hors?«. 15th-Valenda.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to l*t; send for c!r-
cnlar. O. H I'MBSEX & CO.. 20 M-yitgomery.
HOUSES FIHMSHED FOR SALE.
NICELY furnished house cf 1 rooms, close in;
will sell reasonable. Tel. Pclk 3S41.
~HOrSES~WASTB D.
WANTED — S-roorn modern house; north of
Pine st.. west of Van Ness ave., from July
or later; responsible tenant. Address box
21C2. Ca!l office.
INVESTMENTS.
GOOD Investment— A limited numt>er of shares
at 25c per share; this sti k will be worth
cne dollar (II) per share wttnm a year; call
cr write Oc-eola Mining and Development
Crmpany. 414 Croesley building. S. F.
X.AUKCHE3 rCB SXXB.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
Et. : for pleasure and business; tel Bush 534.
J. Michaells Launch Co..Ur.Icn-«. wharf; boat-
Ing & excursions. 5 Steuart Ft. ; tel. John 2tiS6.
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST — Sunday, near life eaving station on
Ocean boulevard, gold watch aud fob; watch
marked F. E. B. ; bcth watch and locket con-
tained photos of women. Liberal reward will
be raid upen return to J. M. CREMIN, Call
buciness office.
LOST— A white bull terrier with two black
spots on each ear; answers to name of Hec-
tor: suitable reward will b* paid for return.
Apply subscription window Call business of-
fice.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Lean Society of San Francisco, in the
name of JAMES CARTER. No. 272-651. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— June 6. lf>O4. a lady's gold watch, ini-
tials R. H.. between Third and Folsora,
Geary and Kearny sts. ; reward. 82 Geary
street.
LOST — Lady's gold chain and pair bracelets;
initials J. L. W.; liberal reward. MRS. J.
M.. 846 Golden Gate ave.
LOST — June 7, package of Mexican pension
papers; poor woman. 124 Wildey ave.; re-
ward.
LOST— Black pocketbook, containing email dia-
mond ring and <-::.a!i diamond in netting:
keepaak? : reward $.".. Dr. Scholtz, 403 Powell.
LOPT— Small black pur**, ccr'aining about $50
and Yale key. Liberal reward for return to
207 Larkin St.. fiat 4.
LOST— June 7. diamond stickpin, vicinity Post
and Stockton str. 315V» Stockton St.; reward.
hSJPT — Bay horse from lla Laurel »t.; return;
reward. S22 Pc!k «t.
LOST— A col2 K. S. G. W. badge on May 29.
Flnd»r return to 735 T*hftma gt.; reward.
MEDICAL.
LADIES drsiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me: my methods
• re painless and reliable: no failures: no -ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE: 17 years' experience In all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE.
7C2 Msrket St.. rocms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. epeclallrt for alt female
complaints and irregularities: instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. S2C Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable rpeclallst for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. lCO&Vn Msrket St.. opp. Stb.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are elclTor
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
SPECIALIST for women; DR. R. H. WES-
; TON. office 309 Kearny st.; hours. 10-4. 7-S:
I consult a graduate physician; it pays: irregu-
larities relieved: safe, sure and confidential.
Drs. Goodwin. 7."£ Turk, above Van New— Ex-
pm in obmtrics female complaints: in«t.
relief; treatment $10; hours 10 to 9: 25 yrs.ex.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 111S Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private borne before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
MRS. DR. OWYER. baring secured Jea*e of
premises, ts permanently located rt B11A
Leaven worth St.. bet. Oeary and O'Farrell.
LADIES' Irregularities rured; IS yearV ex.:
private. DR. SYLVESTER. 213 Kearny «t.
LADIES — Kuirround: safe. sure, nevejr fail*.
$2. Glrason-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny & Clay.
1 MATERNIT^VlUa — Secluded; confidential.
DR. EMILIA FUNKE. 1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
DR. ROSEN resides 21)83 Folsom st.. comer
26th: ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS:
ertrlnal metbed of treatment. 1128 Market.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE!.
BOILERS, englnet. Id-hand machinery.- McIN-
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 1S5-197 Fremont sL
STANDARD oil rig. tolly equipped, and ISftO
feet of casing. 11 S In. to 7S in.: also 1309
feet of 6 an<l « inch drive pipe. Apply for
particulars OAFFEY * MAHON. 504 CUM-
fernia st. ,
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAKT
Repair it with eUt trite; In rolls easy U> lay;
needs r.o palntliig cr coating; good over old
iron, tin cr ehlrglen: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market at.
AA — CHICKS. 10c; large variety of thorough-
bred eggs at half price, $1 p« r 13. Ingltslde
Poultry Yards. S07 Mt. Vernon ave., Ocean
View; car to steel bridge.
_"E»-»* TVAJrTED MALE— -Com.
MURRAY & READY. €34-636 Clay st.
BIG WAGES LOOK BIO WAGES
U day Steady Jobs $5 day
B0 LABORERS.
$5 day tS day $5 day *5 day $5 day
Board and Lodging.
IT'S IN
FAN FRANCISCO SAN FRANCISCO
SEE US ABOUT IT
No Offloe Fe« FREE No Offlc* Fee
MURRAY Sl READY. e34-6S6 Clay St.
MIDNIGHT ORDERS
READ THEM CAREFULLY
U'.acksmltii, sawmill, $2 found.
1 :iackinslth. ranch, steady rood Job. $2 fd.
Hough c*rp*cttr, factory, n«ax city. $2 50 d.
2 plain pai^tere. plain carriage work. city.
J laborers, city factory. $1 75 day.
'•an-.p cook. 10 men, $S0 fd. ; 000k. ranch. 8
:i.er., $25 found; third cook, camp, $33 found;
10 caicp waiters. $23 to $55 found; 2 young
•uen. carpet store, city. $40; S hostlers, city
• t. $75; 10 farmers aaroe ranch, $35 found; 1
. . "> u 1 clerk, rpririgs hotel; 2 cooks' '
helpers city camp, $35 found; painter, city,
housework, $3 <Uy; bakers' helper on cakes,
5 0 found.
— — — 1
.' t laborer*. nxrahouM work. 19 day, bearfl
and lo&ginc.
MURRAT A READY. 634-636 Clay at.
Phone Main tCKS.
!x-f!'r-g Employment and Labor Agcnta.
•— — — I
rrs yours :
IT'S FKKEl
TAKE IT!
NO FEE! NO FEE!
$3 Day. Board and Le Spins :
86 LABORERS
For warehcuse work tn city; no experience
needed; any laborer can fill the bill.
$5 a Day. Board and Lodging. $5.
FREE: FREE! FREE!
\— MURRAY &. READY, Phone Main 5S45.
CS4 and 636 Clay «t.; 5S4S PHONE MAIN.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Tftvi We Gave 1004 We Hope to
O.000 M»a Work. Increase 60.0"0.
BPAKXSa. GERMAN. FRENCH.
ITALIAN, SWISS. GREEK.
NEW— NEW— NETT .
ARIZONA ARIZONA JUUZONA
*:<>04 11&4 MILES $10O4
15950 MEN WANTED.
HUNDREDS GOING DAILY— ARE YOU?
Teamster*, laborers hammermen, drillers,
$2 $2 50. $3 and $3 SO day.
FLORENCE, center gr*at mine*. ARIZONA.
TREE FARE — 6 HOURS DAY.
To State of NEVADA. NEVADA. NEVADA.
I'NITEI> STATES GOVERNMENT WORK.
3-"^5 driilT*. teamsters, laborers, rockmra,
cor-crete miners, tunnelmen. 12. $2 50, $3.
*T 50 — < hours — overtime paid— coet $1 fee —
thtl's a^l — 2 years' work.
NORTH— FREE FARE— EAST. SOUTH.
1<* laborers: co experience required; you'll
FUit.
FREF. TO-PAY— YOU GO FREE.
GREAT LUMBER TF.UST.
1!M5 laborers, lumber companies. $35 to $C0
and *fucd.
TO THE MINES AND QUARRIES.
Z6 laborer*, foremen for mines, $40 and $30
and found.
IS drtliem, no far* to pay. $67 -"«.¦.
LABORERS— TEAMSTERS.
£1 ¦•.<:¦¦ and s&nd wagon teamsters, $2 25
day.
Ift4- laborer* ail over California, some la
*an Franciocc. $2 end $2 50 day.
34 laborer*, t hours' work dally, that's a!l,
?2 day.
HAY AND HARVEST HANDS.
PI haymakers, all over State. $1 .'»0 day fd.
38 harien t-.hjaif. sack eewers, pitchers, etc.,
$2 day and found.
U teamttem, extra rood Jobs, $160 and $2
<iay and found.
DAIKTMEN— STABLEMEN.
Ct milkers, extra good jobs, come see. $35
and *4O and fcund.
6 butterrr.akere, 2 cheesemakers, $40 and $50
and found.
19 evahietren. city and country jobs. $73,
$€0 and f.:5 sr.d found.
GARDENERS — CHOREME.V.
6 garde wr*. private jobs, boss here, $33 and
t.TO and fovnd.
4« chor^men and t>oys. different jobs, $33,
$:t0. *23 and found.
16 hay balers. 25c ton.
FRUIT PICKERS. ETC.
f~S orchard and vineyard hands, permanent
.<obs. $26. $30 $tw and found.
1't fruit i-ickers, fart? $1, extra good job,
*2«3 and found.
DBTVKBS. DRIVERS. DRIVERS.
O hack &ri\fn for San Francisco. $00.
MARRIED.
9 tn»n end wi\>g for farms, orchards, vine-
T«r4?. dairies, minee. etc.. $40. $50, $C0,
$70 and "cusi
MECHANICAL.
*~roeR<rutt»r. kca. L. Co., $45 ar.4 found.
Tinner. $3 day.
5 crosscut lawyer*. Carefully read these:
TRADESMEN.
*> «i*h and door hands, lumber company, $3
«o $-» W day.
3« Macksmlths. -Mffererit p'.aces. $3. $3 SO day.
«'• carriage painfr*. $12 to $15 week.
Weavers in blankets.
2 brick l'jader*. country. CT«c M.
P^rew turner*, rdrerruan. bonk t»n4i?r«.
Lrrgsrer. ur.derrtands rlgKing. L. Co., $C0 fd.
12 *h!ngle packers; cut-cS sawyer.
Moldfx and «ticker hand.
• "arriage painter and sticker hfod. $4 day.
Painter, carriag* work*, fare $1. $50 and fil
Wheelwright, wheel machine, fare $1. $3.
12 copper*.- »l»ck work, rail very early.
WOODCHOPPER5.
>?** «rpo<Jfh"rp*r». everywhere in the Flat*.
L"£jrer r>c!b<?er tnrriiuc denkey. $75 found
MURRAT * READY. VA-KVi Clay st.
LABORERS.
WAREHOUSE WORK.
?:2ft— Month, board and lodging— $120.
50 laborers wanted; any well man can <5o the
w>rk: that means you.
112ft— Month, board and Iftdgins;— $120.
No office fee — No office fee. .
Vl'RRAY & P.EADY. Phone Malr.e 5*4*.
Pe<-ond cook for eprings. see boss here. $40
and found.
13 carrp waiter* near city, $30 ard found.
1R cooks. rjtTir.r*. resorts, hotels, camp*.
n?.in«i rancher. *a)oor». etc.. *70 $00. $50.
«40. fjn. $25 aM foand " .
3 second cooky. $35 $40 and found.
14 waiters, hotel*, cafee, etc.. $40 $S3, $30,
$25 and foun<1.
2<3 £!shwasb*T*. ree u« JL1T>. $.ln JT1 found
&?&£?&£? * >valcr •** «* »
LOOK.
4 boy«, city fartories, S4 week, ocinlbua boys I
Butcher bookkeeper, manage country shon. I
•rood wage*. :
Laborer, <Jo hctcher's worV mine $."55 fd I
LAUNDRYMEN
Laundryman. institution. $30 sr.d found.
1* lacndrymen, all over California
3 vegetable gardeneni $20 and found.
BAKERS.
First, •rrond. third, fourth handa. bak»m.
• Tallyman and yard cWk. lumber co.. $73
LOOK.
2 apprentice boys for bakery. 15c far* ?S wk
LOOK.
"0 labor«T*. lumber co., fOuUieajr, $42 fd
?5 laborer*, lumber «*o. fsre $2 50 $33 f<j'
rMa<-k«re!th. wagon work. $2 75 day.
H!!k»T. bctt«r-mak»T. private 1? cows $3rt
aod found
FREE FARC TO-DAY.
25 1abm»r«. -no exx>frienc+ want«Hj. $60
MURRAY & HEADY, C1-C8 Clay «L
ELEVATOR boy. city, firct-clars hotel. $20~frf
I-AUndryman. good on ironing, country $75.
FOREMEN. *
For»-man. fruit ranch, wages to rtart. $50 fi.
Circular eawyer. file dsrn saws, L. Co.. $4 60
day.
20 laborers, lumber octrpany. $33 and fovnd.
SPECIAL.,
Farmer and wi>. Monterey Co.. easy Job,
$V) and found.
Man to drive milk wagon. 50c fare. $23 fd.
<*arriaxe painter, brush hand. t2 day.
Carpenter, finisher, fare 8?>c," $4 day.
Kiackernlth hrlrw. near city. $2 day.
14 harvest bandc, $2 day.
4 laborers, surfac* work. mine. $G0.
MURRAY It READY. «34-*3« Clay rt.
MURRAY A READY!
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY A READY..
MURRAY & READY.
, MURRAY A READY.
MURRAY A READY.
MlTtRAT A READY.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAT & RKADY.
MURRAT * READY.
REA L __ ESTATE— CITY— -FOR SAILS.
LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery »U
Send for cur printed list of property for wale
in all sections of the city.
GOING FAST!! GOING FAST!!
Thirteen «cld within a short time; only a
few lert; beautiful lots In block bounded by
Point Lobos. Clement. 34th and S5th aves. ;
level and ready to build on; fine views of
Golden Gate . Park, Golden Gate and Pacific
Ocean; well sheltered from winds; price *->50
to $6C0; $00 cash, balance $10 monthly; Sutro
cars pass property. ¦ • • •
FIG BARGAIN SOUTH OF MARKET.
$«500 — Rents $810; 5 flats of 3 rooms and
bath each: on Harrison et.. near Fifth; good
modern plumbing; everything in good shape: a
good, permanent Investment.
BIGGEST BARGAIN IN CITY.
BEAUTIFUL NEW HOME.
$7500 — Maybe less; a tine new residence, mod-
ern in every detail; contains 10 large rooms. 4
expensive mantels; interior handsomely finished
In curly redwood, etc.; key lot. affording light
and tun; accepted street; if daaired terms of
$20CO cash can be arranged. This is unquestion-
ably an exceptional opportunity to secure a
very desirable residence cheap; Frederick St.,
near Cole; opened to-day for inspection.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$3SW— A bis bargain; 2 flats, 4 and 5 rooms
and bath: 4 finished rcoms in attic; rented low
at over. $iC0: this- is a fine renting section.
COTTAGE A BARGAIN.
Price reduced to $2000 to effect quick sale;
cottage of 5 rooms and bath, stable, etc. ; lot I
25x120; on Stb ave.. near Clement st.
COTTAGE NEAR TOWN.
$2500 — Home of C rooms and bath; modern
plumbing: rented low at $17 50; Broadway,
near Taylor st. ; fine marine view.
BARGAIN IN TOWN.
$35.000— Ellis St.. n*ar Taylor; good 3-story
building: full depth lot: 3 frontages; best In-
vestment of Its size on the market.
FLATS NEAR DUBOCE PARK.
$70C«>— Rent $S10: biggest bargain in Western
Adi'ition; 3 good flats of 4 and 5 rooms and
bath; always rented; street bituminUed; see
this a: once.
HOMES ON EASY TERMS.
$2875— $500 cash, balance monthly: hand-
some new 2-story house; « rooms and bath;
every modem improvement; Elizabeth St.. near
Castro: 24tfi-st. cars.
NEW HOME NEAR PARK.
$5000 — Another up-to-date house, close to
Golden Gate- Park; contains 6 splendidly ar-
ranged rooms; all latest conveniences; $101)0
caFh. balance monthly; a charming home, ;
artistic in every detail.
LYON & HOAG, 116 Montgomery st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Our new office at Oceanslde attracta attention,
But nothing like our new lota.
Everybody wants them; select one quick.
$500 to $1200 — easy terms.
On car line and fronting park; unobstructed
view of ocean; all graded, ready to build on.
"Oceanslde" Branch Office cor. 47th ave.
and II st. Open Sundays and holidays.
$75 to $250 — Near park and ocean; $5 monthly.
$250 to $1000 — Choicest Richmond lots; in-
stallments.
$150 to $450 — Level Excelsior Homestead lots.
$950 to $5000 — Modern cottages in Sunset.
Richmond. Oceanslde and Excelsior Home-
stead; easy terms.
Sunset Branch Office on Ninth ave.. near H st.
SOL GETZ & SON. Ownsrs and Dealers.
Room 54. Fourth Floor, Chronicle Building.
$1 25 PER week; no interest; lots in the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract; all level; no grad-
lnc to do; ready to build your little notr.t
en; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery it... room 5.
FOR sale — $12,000. cash $2000. 3 swell marine
view flats not yet completed; rents $1320
per annum; north line Green st., Ncs. 1864-
e6-C$. east of Laguna: every room Is and will
be sunny: every possible latest Improvement;
lot 25x137:6. Apply at the premises, 11 to 3.
PARTIES having lot? fcr sale north cf Golden
Gate Park can find an Immediate purchaser
•by communicating with W. J. GUNN, 630
California st. (Savings Unioni Building.)
FREE homestead presented by tJncle Sam un-
der new Government canal in Nevada. See
J. E. GORDON. C28 Crosaley bid*.. 2:30 to 5
p. m. daily.
FOR sale — Fine 3 flats; 6 and 7 rooms, bath;
paying property: central; leaving city; no
agent. Box 2104. Call.
$7500 EACH — 3 new 0-rooms and bath dwell-
ings; elegantly furnished; on Fell st.. 23
feet west of Fillmore.
MONEY at 6 per cent for the full cost .>t
building* and rart Int. Manhattan Savings
Bank. 107-8-9-U Crocker building.
FOR sale — 2 houses: each 8 rooms and bath;
lot 2SxS4. Apply 97G Pine st.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. 836 Howard st.
BERKELEY APYERTS'M'NTS
UKKKKLEV UKAL ESTATE.
BERKELEY BUSINESS PROPERTY as aa
Investment Is equal to anything on the
coast. There is money to be made by buy-
ing that class of property — five local trains
every hour from Berkeiey station to San
Francisco.
Berkeley Is a village no more — It Is the
center of California for many things.
BERKELEY IS CALIFORNIA.
SOME GOOD BUYS. '
A thoroughly well-built two-story brick build-
ing, a NW corrier. 6 stores below and flats
above, paying well.
A fine corner on Rhattuck ave.. very promi-
nently located; vacant; there's money In It.
A stcne ar.d brick warehouse, fitted with com-
partments, elevator etc.. In a business center;
leased for five years.
A business block o-. Telegraph ave.. I 2 stores
and flats above with vacant corner adjoin-
ing for flats; a choice preposition.
JO3. J. MASON,
Ccr. Center and Shattuck. Berkeley.
NH.W 5-room shlngi?d cottage; combination
Vjinrts. tinted walls, cement walks about
nice lot; centrally located; a rice
home r«sdy to occupy In cne week: price
$2330; terms. $150 cash, balance $20 per
month. Open Sundays. O. A. RUDOLPH,
Lorln station. South Berkeley. _
NEW 7-room house: on corner; bcth streets
improved : eleeant fixtures; house complete In
' every detail: 2 blocks to both routes: price
i $4250; tf-rms, $7SO ca«h. balance $35 per
: month: dealings with owner direct. Open
Sundays. O. A. RUDOLPH. Lortn station.
South Berkeley.
COZY new 5-room high-basement cottage: fin-
ished in natural wood; up-to-date tn all re-
si>ects; 3 blocks to Kpy route, also stores,
schools, etu. : price $2250; terms. .$300 down,
balance $20 per month. Open Sundays. O.
A. RUDOLPH. Lorln sta.. South Btfkeley.
ErRKSLEY S0CM3.
BERKELEY or Oakland— Rooms and board
wanted by family t4 adults), requiring 3
bedrooms, with private bath and sitting-
room: good location; full particulars with
terms. Easterner, box 2103. Call office.
FRUITVALE xVDV'RTS'M'NTS
KK.M. KSTATE.
TWO acre*, corner, cottage of 4 rooms, bath,
pantry, basement, windmill and tank, chicken
yard*. ISO fruit trees, " berries, etc, cheap..
C. MICHEL. Elmhurst. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE. 1018 BROADWAY.
•HM.'.Ml JtKM. K«TATE.
$3600 — MODERN residence, 9 rooms; good for
renting rooms: only 3 blocks east of Broad-
way and near, nil trains and electric lines.
THE ALDEN CO.. 1233 Broadway.
$52.V5 — FINE residence and grounds; 0 rooms,
etc.; Alice st. :" best bargain east of Broad-
way. THE ALDEN CO.. 1233 Broadway. •
$4000 — MODERN flats, rented $40 month; a
bargain: central location and never Idle.
THE ALDEN CO.. 1233 Broadway.
FOR rent or sale— Claremont home of 4 acres;
larce house of 9 rooms; large stable; over
• 1 acre In fruit; fine place; cost over $18,000;
can be hud for $11, COO.. Apply to JAS. S,
NAISMITH. 634 Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
OAKUM) Fl'ltMTlIRE **OR SALS.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. U. Echellhaas.llth «t..cor.store.Oaklanl
ROOMS TO LET Fora, and Infant.
DIAMOND. 81»— 3 sunny furr.lshed rooms]
hot and cold water; $18.
ELEVENTH. 21— Elegant rooms, single or en
suite; furnished or unfurnished: references.
FULTON. 7. opposite City Hall — Two doubl«
. rooms: $11 and $14; to men only.
GRAND Southern 7th and Mission— Rooms 35o
to $1 23 night; $1 50 to $0 wk. : reading-room.
HOTEL DUFFERIN. 740 ElHa— Elegantly fur-
nl3hed suites and single rooms.
JONES. 2C7 (Van Winkle) — Furnished sunny
rras.; suite or single: gents preferred: $2 u;>.
LARKIN. 1042 — Sunny front room, $7: use of
bath; no objections to housekeeping.
McALLISTER. 0C7— Xlee'y furnished, sunny
room; laundry and yard; German family; $4.
O'FARRELL, 322— Nicely furnished parlor* |
sunny suite or single; light hskpg. if desired.
POST. 207 — Newly furnished rooms for gentle-
men; bath; references.
POST, SSO. n-;ar Hyde— Large furnished front
room; bath; gas: for 1 or 2 (rents.
ROYAL House. 126 Eliis— Incandescent lights,
readlng-rocm. smoking-room ar.d ladies' par-
lor; room* v*r rieht. 35c tr> $1 50: week. $3
to $8: month. $8 to &0; elevator on grounil
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SECOND, 023 — Three furnished rooms; rent flX.
SIXTEENTH. 2003. near Howard— Newly fur-
nished sunny rooms; reasonable.
TAYLOR. 624. corner Sutter — Front bay-win-
dow room. $10; single front room. $9.
THE FALMOUTH. 1049 A Market St.— Sunny
rooms; hot and cold water; elevator: $2 10 97.
UNITED STATE?. 123 Eddy, near Market — «0O
rooms. 83c to $1 night. $1 73 to $6 week: elec-
x trtc lights (n* fras). running water in even*
room; elevator, Tead. -room; free bus: baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d «t.. near Market-^
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; fxee bus: baggage.
WOLF Hcuse, 202 Sixth st. — Rooms from 13a'
to $1 per night and from POc to $5 per week.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan fc Church st*.
HOOMS AND HO HID.
GEARY, 1003— Neatly furnished rooms, with)
board; reasonable; home cooking; phcn-»
Sutter 1626.
GEARY. CC1. Hotel L' Algiers — Family rooms
and board: entirely renovated: reas. pricea.
HOWARD. MIA— First-class board and room.
slr.gle or double. $5-$0 wk. : American family.
ROOMS AND BOAnD WAITED.
WANTED — Rooms and beard for 3 adults la
central location, north of Market st. Bos
067. Call office.
SINGLE room acd board wanted la a Crst-
clasa hotel or boarding-house. Box IS*. Call.
ROOMS WANTED. .
WANTED — To rent suite of rooms, modern anil
all conveniences. Box 5C6. Call office.
FURNISHED room wanted; must be reason-
able. Box 1S6. Call office.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES la EARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's treat-*
naent free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204. Sutf- st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society 5th floor. Mutual Savings Banic
building 70S Market st-, opposite Third —
For the half year ending 31st of December.
1903 a dividend has been declared at tha
rate' per annum of (12) twelve per cent on.
capital stock and participating certificates,
free of taxes payable on ar.4 after SATUR-
DAY January 2. 19^4. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CItAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — The Giant Powder Com-
pany Con.: A dividend. No. eo. of fifty
cents (3Cc) per share on the issued capital
stock of the company has been declared, pay-
able at tbe office of the company, rooms 202.
204 and 2C6. Hayward building. San Fran-
cisco on June 10. 1904. Transfer books cloa*
June"3. 1904. at noon. C. C. QUINN. SecHary.
" PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS — State Prison Supplies — Sealed
proposals will be received at the office oS
the Clerk at the State Prison. San Quentln.
until 10:30 a. m.. SATURDAY, the 13th day
of June, 19t4, and at the office of the Cleric
of the State Prlsofi at Folsom until 9:30 a.
m» SATURDAY, the 25th day of Jun*.
liKM at wh'.eh times and places they will
be cpened ti the presence of bidders, for
furnishing and delivering supplies for saitl
prisons, consisting of subsistence store*,
forage, fuel. ¦ fuel oil. furnishing power ti»
run tbe jute mill and electrical appliances
for Jute mill at San Quentin. clothing, med-
icines, lime, cement and ether stable sup-
plies, from July 1. 19C4. to June 30. 1905, in-
clusive, on conditions as per printed sched-
ules which will be furnished upon, applica-
tion at either of the above offices. No bid
will be considered unless made unoa said,
schedules, nor unless accompanied by tb«
certified check therein required, nor frorr*
any other parties than bona fide dealers la
the classes of articles to be furnished. Each
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check upon some well known and re-
sponsible banking house fcr at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid. payable to>
the President of the Board, conditioned that
the bidder will enter ir.to a contract upon
notice of acceptance, as reiuireU by law.
Bids for either prison must be marked sep-
arately. All payments made on contract whl
be paid in cash or Controller's warrants.
Bidders will carefully follow the conditions
of the schedules. The Board reserves th»
right to reject any or all bids, as the public)
interest may require, and to order any quan-
tity over cr undrr the amount upeci^ •¦!.
R. M. FITZGKRALD, President. J. M.
OLIVER. Clerk.
NOTICE to bidders — Sealed proposals will b»
received until June 21. 13O4.. at 7:20 o'clock
p. m.. by the Council of the City of Eurek*
fCr~-$5000 4*4 per cent Forest Park lmprova-
vseut bends; $10O. OCO 4*i per cent City Hill
beeds; $15,000 4>/> per cent fire apparatus
purchase bonds, ar.i $33,000 4}i per cent
»ewer completion bends, usued by tha city
of Eureka under the act of the Legislature
of the State el California of February 23.
1901 (Statutes 1901. page 27). They will be la
denominates as follows: Forest Park Im-
provement bonds. $125; City Hail bonds.
$300; fire apparatus purchase bunds. *.i;j.
• nd sewer completion bonds. $S73; said bon'ls
will be dated on or after July 1. 1904. Prin-
cipal and interest payable at the office oC
the City Treasurer of the city of Eureka.
Interest payable ceml-annually. one-fort!et!*
cf principal payable annually, all in Unit- J
states gold coin. All bids must be accompa-
nied by a certified check for 3 per cent oj
tbe bid payable to the Mayer of the city of
Eureka. State of California. The city of
Eureka contains a population of 11,000. as-
sessed valuation $3,300. oo<\ with present
bonded Indebtedness cf $109,230, Incurred ta
1902. J. P. WUNDERL1CH. City Clerk.
VIlTIUHlXi AND STAUJIUKIM.
AT Melbourne Institute. Van Nes« A Market.
I* taught celebrated Melbourne system: only
Melbourne in U. S.; private; established S
yearn In S.F. Tel. Mint 2B28 from 1 to 5 p.m.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Auguste Goustiaux. fZ. 25 Yerba Buena St..
and Engrace Lararrieu. 45. 351 Fifth av».
John II. Waterbury, 21. Chicago, and Hazil
R. Donnelly. 15. Los Angeles. !
Syrenus P. Roller. 50, Dunsmulr, and Olive-
M. Fi«h, 2tJ, Dunsmuir. '
Charles t». Gaffney, 21, 3«> Thirteenth strwt.
and Florence F. Nagle, IS, 1221 Pino street.
Ralph M. Butler. 23. Napa. and Elizabeth
A. Packham. 21. S&47 Seventeenth street.
William E. Cammans. 3ft, Alameda, ani
Helen I- Chase. 23. Newcastle. Maine.
Charles s. Oartsaa. 31. Chine**- Camp, ani
Taraanda M. Torg«-nsen. 21. 1112 Powhattan »t.
P^njamln de la M. Fitter. r>. 452 Halght St..
and Elizabeth B. Kiddes. 2 f », 2U71 Twenty-third.
Charles W. O'Brien. ::fl. 10!- Green street,
and Edith L. Karnum. 21. Puodam N. Y.
Michael Bray. 31. liiti Kentucky street, and
Mary Lynch. 21. £2» Howard street. .
Julius Navarro,.21. -0 "Bernard street, and
Louie Bryant. 19. 1309 Pacinc street.
I Carmelo D. de cenaurrusabeiii.-J. 19. 1:123 Du-
pont St.. and Kloisa Armenia. 17. UJ23 Dupont.
George P. Burchmore. 27, Omaha. Nebr.
and Paulins Mergen. 24. Omaha, Nebr.
George II. Lowell, 21. 113 Fell street, and
Evelyn B. Huff. IS, 2203 Webster street.
Frank J. Butler, 21. SI* Eddy street, and
Edna I. Hayward> IS. city.
David S. Arata. 24. 131 Twelfth avenue, and
Cora V. d* Martini. 1«. 131 Twelfth avenue.
John F. Dougherty. 21 «•-£! Iry avenue., and
Oenevleve Driscoll. 1?*. 10 Page street.
Antonio Callnrt. 23, 2*11 Clement street, and
Rosa Toschl. 22 201 Clement street.
Robm F. Elder. 21. 2r.K>A Howard St.. and
Elrr.n <" Sanders. 21. U39 Bush street.
Frledrlch Weikert, 36. San Jcse, and Loulsw
Jer.no 2'!. fc-'an Jose.
G«wrjce P. Yaeer. i^ S*nta Rosa, and Edith
IWrnhar.l. ?3. « Uly Terrao*\
Francis- S. Fox. 27. Portland. Ore,, and
Belle Kalloch. 24. city.
Continued on I*ac« Fourteofc
HEAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
$3750 — A S-ROOM residence; porcelain plumb-
ing; modern mantels, tiling; lot 23x120, with
rear L; west line 129 2d ave.. ISO ft. south
Lake or Sacramento St.; $5u0 cash. $30 mo.;
same as rent; to examine property please get
permit at office. Dolan Co.. owners. 24 Mont.
REAL ESTATE — Country — For Sale.
WHITE Sl BAYLEY.
Successors to
» . J VV Mi 1 r*.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$12,500 — Splendid stock ranch and general
farm 2000 acres; 4 miles from courthouse,
Mendocmo County; 200 acres tillable; 2 com-
plete sets of farm buildings; well supplied with
water and an abundance of live oaic timber;
there are veveral patches suitable for alfalfa.
$S0OO— Only 3% miles of Geyservllle. the Gem
of Sonoma County; V% mile good school; rural
mall delivery; SO acres; 30 acrea rich-, bottom
land; 2 acres orchard; 15 acres vineyard, all
bearing; 6 acres alfalfa; well fenced and eroes
fenced: 5- room bouse 2 good barns, nice
spring; have other barga'lns In this superb seo-
tlon.
$2500—15 acrea level land. 7 miles of San
Jose; all in vineyard; house.
$2.000— tOacre dairy and poultry ranch. 1
mile of town; hill land; 2 houses: barn; corral;
poultry houses; 2 Incubators; 2 broilers; farm-
ing tools; fenced; 4 cows; 2 horses; 225 chick-
ens; fine market.
$S00 — 4 acres In Frultvale: lease 4 years: $17
per month; nice 0-room cottage; 25 poultry
houses; yards fenced 6-ft. wire netting; brood-
ers; incubators; 600 chickens; mostly beartnf
orchard;
$3200— In city limits of Petaluma: 2H acres;
neat cottage; barn; S poultry houses; 2 brood-
ers: 1 Incubator; 2 wagons; harness; bcrse;
Jersey cow; 450 chickens; all in bearlns fruit;
see photos of select Vetaluma homes at this
office.
$3000— 3 miles of Santa Rosa: 200 acres: 20
acres tillable soil; 600 cords of wood; house;
barn; running water; 10 head of cattle; 25 bead
of hogs; other bargains in this superb eectlon.
$600 — Only 1 mile of town: 80 acrea: boose,
trees, vines, berries; 15 acres bottom land;
Flacer and quartz gold; 2 garden patches, out-
side range, tools, furniture; forced sale.
$4000— Near Merced City, on main rosd: 40
acres rich land; 5 acres tearing olives, 10
acres alfalfa. 5y* acres bearing orchard: 2
welia; all under ditch; fine cottage; 6 rooms;
steel windmill and tank; good barn: tcolhouse;
granary; poultry houses: incubator booses; nice
income; cash or trade bay counties property.
ALFALFA LANDS.
Rich black land, near Stockton, subdivided In
small tracts at $t>5 per acre; one- third of crop
with place.
Adjuminj: the town of Lodi. both bearing
: vineyard land and unimproved under ditch;
$125 to $ie5 per acre.
$50 per acre; 10 acres up: under ditch; 4H
miles from Lodi. on main county road; also
land on tbe Stanislaus ditch as low as $45 an
acre.
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
I have several partlea with good Income prop-
erty I to trade for cheap rountry homes ; also
lodging-houses: many cash buyers: list your
property.
$2500—60 acres: 5 miles from Santa Crui: 20
acres under cultivation, balance rolling and
some steep; small Orchard and Tineyard. bear-
ing; good 7-room house, barn, outbuildings;
bank foreclosure: $500 down and balance
monthly payments If desired. J
$5000 — Best ranch in Southern Oregon: 320
acres; 2 sets good Improvements; well fer.cd;
orchard; 5 horses; farming tools: otslde range.
S4500 — ."0 acres close to Morgan Hill. Santa
Clara County; 20 acre** bearing orchard and
vineyard. 10 acres hill pasture; nice hard
finished ccttage of • rooms; outbuildings: fins
Income; would trad*' for Income city property
$1100— Only 6 mtlen from courthouse; 80
acres; "orchard, vtneyard. house, outbuildings;
part cash; near Red Bluff.
$17,000 — Finest ranch in San Joaquln County,
between Stockton and Lodl: water near sur-
face; good house, outbuildings, barn, corrals;
450 acres rich land. 1 mile of Calaveraa River,
on main read; mortgage $0000; would trade for
first-class property near city
; $4500— Near Newcastle; 21 acres; oranges,
cherries, peaches, lemons, plum* acd apples;
small but nlc« bouse; only $1500 down; hav*
bargains in tills vicinity from $1000 up.
$2250—10 acres, all In apricots Just com-
rncr.?inK to bear; 6 miles from Ean Jose; lovely
home; half cash.
$1700— In Sonoma City: 3 '4 acres; all level;
good house, barn, windmill, tankhouse: 13 poul-
try houses and yards: some alfalfa: spring
wagsc; 5CiO chickens; feedhouse.
$3500 — 136 acres east of San Jose; 125 acres
In hay; good soil.
Serd stamp for printed list.
WHITE & BAYLEY.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St., Room 8.
Property Exchanges a Specialty.
A SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAIN HOME. ?
120 acres with a $4500 crop; books to show;
an ectabtished summer resort; sprinkled
road; rural delivery; over 25 per cent net
income: good reasons for selling; price $10.-
000. C. H. NOBLE. Los Gatos. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 043
Market st.
SOUTHERN Oregcn Irrigated lands, dairy
farms, stock ranches, alfalfa land, timber
land, mine*. S. C. TRAYNER. 5O4 Kearny.
POINT RICHMOND HEAL ESTATE.
4 CHOICE lots for sale cheap for cash. Ap-
ply 32S Bush St.. room 4. thlnl floor.
Itn.VL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
INCOME Oakland property to exchange for
good country property. P. C. LASSEN. 466
Tenth *t.. Oakland. Cal.
IIOO.IIS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A^-749 PACIFIC St.. cor Stockton— Llsnt
housekeeping rocm*. $2 week: also single
rooms, $1 week and up; respectable place.
A SNAP — 3 partly furn. housekeeping rooms;
$15 mo.; sunny. The Virginia. 1003 Powell sl
CALIFORNIA. 1322—3 completely furnished
housekeeping mi.; bath. yard, tel.: private.
EIGHTIL1C%— Housekeeping room; ftirnishad:
bedroom and kitchen adjoining.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 433 — Furnished rooms
for housekeeping.
JESSIE. 3XJ — Sunny front room; gas range,
sink, furnished house'kpg, closet. $3 week.
JONES,, 507. June. O'Farrc!! — For !tght house-
keeping. 2 iretty sunny rooms: also single.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine-
Sunny furnished 3-room suites; steam heal-
ed, electric lighted; free baths: rate $00 up.
LAGUNA, 1507. ror. Geary— Newly furnished
funny room*, all connecting; hath, phone,
modem: private family: reasonable.
LARKIN 1007. corner Post. The Cragbura—
Sunny furnished rooms, single cr en suite;
, housekeeping apartments a specialty; baths;
reduced rates for summer; Larkin and Suf-
ter-st. cars pass house.
McALLISTER. 007—2 nicely furnished sur.ny
rooms; gas range, bath; $12: German family.
OAK. 117, and 538 McAllister— Suites and sin-
gle, $5 to $12; gas range; hot bath; laundry;
adults.
PEARL. 3. corner Market— 2 furnished house-
' keeping rooms; no children; $14.
VAN NESS. 516 — Housekeeping suites, single
rooms: table board: reasonable. \.
AP-.BTMEHT HOUSES.
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS.
1CS4 SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and' sunny; 2-3-4 rocms and
Dath each; all unfurnished; $27 50 to $40.
Make reservations now.
8TCECILE. 115 Fell.above Van Nesa ave.— The
acp» of perfection In modern, elegantly fur-
nished 3-room apartment*, with private baths,
•tf am heat, electric light elevator, gas ranges;
$30. $35, $37. $40, $45. $47 00. $50. $55.
ST. LOUIS. 1S75 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-5
roonw: furn. or nnfurn.; refs. Tel. East 1350.
APABTMENTS WAHTED. £
APARTMENT' of 3 rooms wanted? furnished
complete for hourekeeplng. Box 053, CalL
4-ROOM apartment Wanted with all modern
conveniences; mn rates. Box 179. CalL
ROOMS TO LET— farn. and Uatara.
C— TlfE ST.*KAHTRYN.
N. E COR. ELLIS AND LEAVENWORTII.
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN CITY; •
NEW HOUSE: FIRST CLASS;
JUST FURNISHED: HAIR MAT-
TKESSES IN EVERY ROOM; HOT
AND COLD - WATER BATHS;
STEAM HEAT. ELEVATOR SER-
VICE; EVERY MODERN CON-
VENIENCE; ROOMS $3 PER
WEEK UP.
A— BRUNSWICK House, US Sixth st.-^Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 p*r week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market at. <or No. 1
Fifth st.>— Room*. 25c, 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; houso open all night.
BURNETT. 142C Market (old No. 13<H>— Fur-
nlshed room*, suite, tingle; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. 1304— Sunny front bay-window
room & kitchen, connecting; rcas.;no chlld'n.
CARL. 130 — Two or three runny rcoms; near
Golden Gate Park; rent reasonable.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnUhed sunny rooms; pries reasonable.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL UPRIGHTS.
Neubert, new $250, now $60.
FtBcber. new $o25, now $S5.
Hertz, new $300. now $67.
Russell, new $.'{S5, now $135.
Colby r.ew $425, now J180.
2 Chickerlngfc, new *45O. now $100, .$135.
2 Steinways, new $575. $750, now«lS3, $325.
Heine, new J575, now $333. I
And 50 others; squares fcr next td .nothing;
rents $2 up; Installments $4 up; old organs
. or pianos taken in exchange; tuning $2, fin-
est workmanship. HEINE PIANO CO., 235-
237 Geary Bt.; Oakland. 1252 Broadway.
A NICE email upright: good order $10
' One a little better, for practice $50
One Kranich & Bach, condition fine $100
One Belmont; mahogany case; a snap... $147
One Little Jewel; used thre? months $150
One Sterling; walnut case; good order.. $155
One Mathushck; line order; rosewood.. $105
Also one Chickerfng. 2 Vose. 2 Steinways, 2
Stecks, 1 Kr.ab?; all In first-class condition;
easy pay's. BenJ. Curtai & Son, 16 O'Farrell.
A SENSATIONAL fire — Storage- pianos and
furniture will be removed to North Beach
and burned !f not sold In a few days; this
means etorace places and furniture almost
cheaper than fire wood, and must be re-
movtd. ' Whltehead's Storage. 1633 Market.
PIANOS for rent; $3 per mouth; the largest
and best stock in Gan Francisco to select
from; pianos from $30 upward; our line the
best, our prices the lowest. SCOTT CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 5C0-64 Hayes st.
FOR sale — Fine upright piano, on account de-
parture;, used one year. Box 20C8, Call.
WILL eell lor t-torase. Tine Hazelton and Vose
pianos. STATHAMS. 110 McAllister st.
1 SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecilian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-212 Post st. |
A BEAUTIFUL Eteinway upright grand. a<
good as new; cheap. Hornung. 210 McAllister.
$165 — STEINWAY upright; private party; no
reasonable cat-h offer refused. 237 Geary st.
NEW upright pianos. sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister St.
3-PEDAL StMnway up: Cnickering baby grand;
Ehonlnger. little us»d. Keeffe'*. 2S5 O'Farrell.
UKKICKS AM) »T»HKa TO l.MT.
STORE -to let: fine large store with living-
room and cr-r.orete cellar; !I32 Larkin *t. ;
store and basement $40; store without base-
ment $."55. Arpiy to BENJ. M. GUNN &
CO.. 313 Montgomery st.
CHURCH. 1300— Fine store; 5 rooms, bath,
gas; large yard; stable; cheap.
FINISHED basement with sidewalk elevator.
Valencia st., nr. Sixteenth; reasonable
OFFICES— 2S9 Post, cor. Stockton; all light &
on street; fixed to suit tenant; rent satlsfac.
PEUSO.VALSr~
ATTENTION.
See the exhibition in window at Union Drug
Co., corner Sutter and Stockton sts., a living
face with wrinkles and bagginess removed
from one side; contour and color of youth re-
stored. Treated two years ago by
M. ELLA HARRIS.
781 O'Farrell st., near Larkin.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Permanently removed by the use of "Sten-
ele," the most wonderful and effective der-
matological preparation ever placed before
the public; will positively remove by the
roots any growth that can be presented; will
not injure most delicate skin. Sold and ap-
plied by Mrs. E. G. Henderson. 326A Ellis.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50e. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. S2 Turk St.. 8. F.
A NEW METHOD — Your bust positively devel-
oped and enlarged by my method; magnetic
massage by appointed graduate, old school;
strictly confidential. MRS. HOLSHOUSER.
637 Buslj Rt., apt. 309: phone Frost S7.
Omcerous lumps, sores, impure blood faffectlngr
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 32S Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, stops falllng.cures dandmft
acd itching scalp: no stain or sticklnes*;
cleanses scalp; at druggists'. hairdressers': ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 133* ?jlk
CHYLO — Positive cure for Indigestion, dys-
pepsia and preventive of appendicitis; by
mall 10c. 25c, 50c per box. The Chylo Co.,
121 Geary St., room 721.
••VITAL ring" produces .. healthy,, circulation. ',
curing oiganic weakness drain*, varicocele,
etc.; easily worn: $2 50 postpaid; physicians
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co., 140 Geary.S.F.
OLD carpets of all kinds woven Into beautiful
and durable rugs; any slse desired. Phone
Red 7122 The Oakland Fluff Rug Factory.
8F2 Market st.. Oakland. Cal.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and *1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Port, near Powell.
PARISIAN DERMATOLOGY PARLOR Ts
transferred to 327 Geary st., opp St. Fran-.
cls Hotel.
A FINE suit to order en easy installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOP. 1127 Market St..
between Seventh and Eighth.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Taller. 721 Market st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair * moles removed by eK»c-
tric needle. Mre.Dr.A.W.Travers. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE «uit $7 50: dre*s pants $2 fft.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Aptina restores lest •ycsfcbt; cures deafress and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 10th. nr.Val-ncla.
MRS. Eaton, electric r.wlle <»pecia!lst. 360 Sui-
ter, r. 609. Ml?s Eaton. 23.1 Grary. room 3?.
MASQUERADE costumes plsy hooks 'wlg«;
country orders. <JOLPPTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian H'-nria restorrs rr&j
hair to if natura! color; $1. at all druggists'.
CHEAPEST and b«-st in America— The Weekly
Call, lfi pnp»«. »ent to any addr»s<i !n th;
T"r'*f<1 «»«••« «.r Pana'la r,n» v»«r for $1
PALMISTRY.
A— MME. LYMAN. sclentlSe palmist! revnlly
from East. 4' : 0 Gffary »t. ; phene Green .,9. '
H. JEROME FOSELLT. wiomiflc nalmistT 515
Tsrlor *: . n»ar G*»ry. Phone BlacV Ml.
PAT2ETS,
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at- '
torney-at-law. <; Hofrart bMg.. r.32 Market *t.
PHYSICIAKS AXD SURGEONS.
VK. C. C. O'DO.N'NELLr^Ofnce and residence.
1021 H Market St., bet. 6th and 7th: particu-
lar nttenttcn paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 107.'i%« Market st.
REMOVED— DH.~WONG HIM. herb doctor:
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at Gti7 Geary st.. near L*2V«nworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases ct human
by use of herb* and toas. 727 Washington st.
WONG .tVOO. the famous herb doctor— AH dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 74G-S Clay st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— GILBERT & STOLL Storage CoI;"sU>r»ge,
packing, shipping warehouse, G. G. and Van
Nens; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel. South 750.
A— EMPORIUM EUrags & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard «t.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Po»t and Powell sts.; teL Prlv. Ex. *7L
CONKLIN'S Storage— Furniture and mTrchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone Ejtst 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 840
M^slon St.: tel. Howard 94L F. Yf. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and. Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; thone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; trl. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates. j
BEWIXG MACHINES AMI SUVI'LIKS.
White Is King" of all sewing machines. We
are closing out a lot of new machines that
are slightly shop worn at ij and 1-3 regular
prices. San Francisco offices, SCO Post st. ;
1S41 Fillmore. gt. and 708 Valencia st.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes nt any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office, 1021 Market st. near Sixth.
NEW "HOME-^-Sce our new triple-feed ma-
chines; slightly used: $10. $IS. $20: second-
hand, $3, $5, ?*: all styles; guaranteed. New
Horog Pewlng Machlno Co.. 1051 Market' st.
TVPEWKITER* ANU SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally,' good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier; $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50.' The
Typewriting Exchange. 534 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: get par-
ticulars cf L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st. - .-.'¦.•'
2D-HAND typewriters «old, rented, repaired
Webster Typewriter Inspec Co.. 008 MarketMEXICO CITI". June 7.— Minister Corral of
the Department of the Interior was nominated
to-night for Vice President In. the Nationalist
convention here after an exciting session. .
FLORENCE. Italy. June 7.— -A
funeral service of the t simplest char
acter took place to-day over the. body
of Mrs. Samuel L. Clemens in the
Villa Quarto.
Funeral of Mrs. Clemens.
"What made her faint?" asked, the
sympathetic old^ lady.
"Madam," reblied the sour-faced
misogynist, "there was a good-looking
young, man standing right behind
her."- — Town and Country.
NIGHT OF IRISH MUSIC— The recently
organized Irish Plpera' Club, which haa for its
object the study and perpetuation of ancient
Irish music, will give its Inaugural entertain
ment and ball on next Friday evening, -June 10.
In Scottish Hall, Larkln street. Songs and
dances which have made Iritth hearts a/lad
during centuries- of oppression and which pre
served the national history will be rendered on
this occasion. It Is ex per ted that a full house
will show the appreciation In which this work
(preserving of. the. music of Ireland) ¦ is held. 1
• The Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany's Coptic arrived last night from
Oriental : ports and anchored in the
stream. The Merchants' Exchange
launch broke down while on its way
out to the big vessel and. its occupants
were unable to.board her. A white
hall boat came to their rescue and
brought them back to snore. ; The Cop
tic will dock this morning.
Steamer Coptic Arrives.
CAI.Ii «ubscrlber» contemplating 1 a
chancre of residence during 1 tbe inmmei
month« can have their .paper forwarded
by mall to their new address by notify
ing THE CALIi Basin :¦¦ Office. This
paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented by a . local
air ent in all towns on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN*
FOR THE .SUMMER. '
The awarding of diplomas, an en
tertainment and a dance marked' the
commencement exercises of the grad
uating class of the Commercial High
School at Golden Gate Hall, 625 Sut
ter street, last night. Superintendent
Langdon made a' short address and
awarded the diplomas. The commit
tee : on entertainment comprised Miss
L. E.Dlnklage, chairman: Miss X. G.
Ilintoul. S. Hlrsch and Miss S. Green
berg. Following Is a list of the grad
uates: '
v ,rtnna Albrecht. Christine Detelg, May E.
Kerrigan, Alice Mehlop. Ethel Moses. Christine I
Patterson Rebecca Stormon, Hazel Watson.
SnAih Ginsberg. Lela Klise Dinklage. Kthel
M. Bralicn. Myrtle MIgel, Anna Macoulllard. ,
Shlnaaku Nakahaia. Alary Stark. Julia B. Url. '
Ida Watson.. Bright!*' Alexander. Elvira. C. |
DTiegTl. Sadie Qreenbersr. Mary C. Manssau.
Ella Mullen. Leta Quln. Clemence Dorothy
Sarm»nt, Sarah Schwartz, Elsie Tahleri, Olga
Zachau, Stella G. Blanchfleld, Annie L. Dor-
Ban, Kate Lucy. Mary F. Mathews, Gertrude .
Plumbe. Nina Gordon Rintoul. Louise Schar
enbertr, Elizabeth Smith and Annie Ward and
Siegfried Hlrsch. Alsric E. «Messler. Melvln i
KosenberK, Isadore Hollzer. Joseph C. Quast>!
and Lawrence. J. Waterman.
Commercial School Graduates.
A two-masted lumber schooner with
a large deck load, which apparently
had shifted, we sighted off the Far
allones yesterday afternoon. In the
rigging were two men signaling for a
tug. The towboat Sea Rover was*dis
patched to the vessel's assistance. The
Rover started out "at 2 o'clock and
could hardly reach the schooner be
fore 0. If the vessel is at all water
logged and difficult to tow it will be
early this morning before she Is
brought into port. The schooner's
plight was reported by the weather
bureau man on the Farallones, who
could not make out her Identity.
Schooner in Distress.
1 Arrived June 7— Chil bark Curzon. from
Iquique; schr Defender, hence May 20; Br
stmr Doric, hence June 1. •
HONOLULU— Sailed June 7— Stmr Nevadan.
for • Kahului ; U S stmr Albany, for Kiska;
ship Aryan, for Delaware Breakwater; Br
ship Grrta. from Lelth. for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
COOS BAY— Sailed June 7— Stmr Czarina,
for San Francisco.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. June 7.
Br ttmr Coptic, Armstrong, 26 days from
Hongkong, 15 days from Yokohama, 5 days
from Honolulu/:
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
NEW YORK, June 7.— The case of
the missing Cape May cup, won by his
Majesty's yacht, the Brittania, prom
ises to become famous, says a Herald
dispatch from London. It Is reported
that diligent search for the trophy has
been made at Windsor Castle, but no
trace of It can he *' found. A careful
record is kept of all the items of furn
iture, silver and gold ornaments at the
castle, but the only trophy there is his
Majesty's Ascot gold cup, which Per
simmon won in 1897. The Inspector at
the Castle believes such a trophy
would never have been sent to Wind
sor, but would have been kept at Sarl
dringham with his Majesty's other tro
phies, which are very numerous and
include many yachting and racing cups
and prizes won at agricultural shows.
A careful search is' to be made at San
dringham.,
Trace Is Ix>st of Caj>c May Cup. .
The graduating exercises of the
Washington Evening School were held
Monday night at Native Sons* Hall.
The programme included addresses by
Mayor Schmitz, District Attorney By
ington. School Directors Mark and
lloncovierl and Superintendent Lang
don of the city schools, a minstrel en
tertainment, a "legal travesty" by
members of the graduating class and
songs by pupils of the school and
others.
Those that received diplomas and
certificates were:
High School Department: Diplomas, post
graduate — Gerald Harry Catania. Graduate —
William Gustave Rahe. Irwln Frederick Roth
man. Taklnosuke Yanagisawa. Certificates—
Ida Bagllctto. John Betlando. Ronald Blssett,
Leo Brown. Joseph Daneri. George Danglarla,
James Fitzgerald. William Gallagher. Sophie
Gargurevlch. Andrew Geddes. Frederick Ger
clch. George Hauser. Otto Hoffmann. Joseph
Jacobs, Frank Jones. Walter Krausgrill, James
Lang, Joseph Leltner. Milton Levy. Robert Me-
Glllen, Bessie Norton. Hynek Poswa, Arthur
Ragsdale. Harry Schrlbll. Wesley Smith, Kane
Tan! hi. Yoshtkata TorlU Molchl Yamaguchy.
U' .uar School, ninth grade? Denman
mr ; — Elvira T. Pondero. Bridge medal
ist o.ilm M. Hpncken. Ernst A. Warren.
W. thtrgton medalists — Joeeph M. de Quart]*.
Frt*nk J. Nowak. Graduates — Jnmes Brooks,
Alfred J. Casella. Rudolph J. Casella, Annie
K. Clark. Josephine V. Cosgrove, Elvira T.
Dondrro. Joseph M. de Quards, August L. Die
bold, Edward P. Garrlgan, Lawrence J. Garrl
gan, Eugene J. Gatatolre, Emit E. Galatolre,
Peter J. Glrard, John M. Hencken. Virgil D.
Horgan, Ciprano J. Jordan; Albert W. Ltllon,
Arthur Luceo. Frank D. Magglo, Frank J.
Nowak. August II. Sauvalre. Walter J. Se
berg, Albert B. Selna. Vivien I* Simmons.
Joseph A. Steffen. Albert J. Sturzinger, Wong
Ting, August Turpln. Ernst A. Warren.
*
Many Bright Boys and Girls Win.Di
plomas and Certificates.
WASHINGTON EVENING SCHOOIi.
MV& MtTSs.lOlH — SPC 1 CK 6s.llO —
NRR of C6s.lO6% — 1>O 6tmpd..lO7«4108V4
Do 5 8 110^117 S P B R 68.131^ —
KPCRte. - 106 8 V Wat «s.lO4»i —
N C Ry 6s.H0 112 Do 4s 2dm. — 99
N C P C 68. P8 — Do4« Sdm. — 90
N S R R 6s. 95 — Do g mtMs. 97% 084
O G L^H 5s.1O7 — Stkn G&E8s. — lOUi
O W std 5s. — — U G & E 6s. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 40 j Port Costa. . . — —
Marln Co... — 00 1 S V Wat Co. 37% 37Ti
GAB AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% 4 IS F G & E. 60% «,
Mutual B L. IJJ4 12T4IStkn G & E. 5 —
Pac L Co. . . 56U — ll'GiBCo. — —
INSURANCE.
Flrem f « Fnd. — 333 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am NU Bk..l25 — L P & A.... 160 1C0
Anslo-Cal .. 6314 S8H Mer Trust... — 215
Bank of Cal.425 431H Merch Ex.... 60 —
Cal Safe Dp. 145 147^ S F JJationl. — —
First Natlonl — —
6AVING8 BANKS.
G*r S & L.2290 2350 Bav & L So. — 100
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav.. 100 — Union T Co.. — — ¦'.
6 F Eav U.625 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 200 I Presidio 8t*4 —
Geary — CO I
POWDER.
Giant 60% 6141 Vigorlt «'» 8
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 18c I Kllauea S C. — 4
Hawaiian C. 43*; 60 I Makawcll C. 21** —
Honokaa S C 114 12 Onomea S C. 24 27H
Hutch SPC 7H 8%|Paauhau S C. 13 —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.137>£140 | Oceanic S Co. .T«; i%
Cal F C A. — 100 Pao Aux FA. 6 «
Cal Wine A. 90 — Pac C Borx.158 161
MV& MtTm.100 —
Morning Session.
Board —
J5.000 Cal G & B Gen M & C T 6s.. 65 00
$2,000 Northern Ry of Cal 6 per cent. 107 00
«7,000 S 1' Cal ltt con 6s (stamped). 108 00
Street— , f
M> Mercantile Trust Co 210 00
20 Spring Valley Water Co 37 87 M
$1,000 N P C R R 5 per cent 101 00
$5,000 Northern Ry of Cal 6 p«r cent. 107 00
$8.0i>0 Spring- Valley 6 per cent 105 00
$3,000 Spring Valley 6 per cent, cash.101 874
$3,000 Spring Val 4s (2d mtge) 98 60
$12,000 Sacto Elect G & Ry 5 per cent. 97 23
Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 California Wine Association... P0 00
10 Paauhau 6 P Co, I 90 13 00
16 Spring Valley Water Co 87 75
Str»et—
13 Fireman's Fund Insurance 310 00
— \ —
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. A«k.| Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. 9SU 99V4 S P C R 4s. — 100
B L Wat 6s.I15 — S P Co 4^g. OS** —
Oal NW 6s.. — 112 Sun Tel 6s.. 113 —
M C Wat 6S.100 — Do 6s — 105
Rls I Wks5s — 107 Vi Suttr-st R5s.lO5 113
PF Drdk 5s — 1I3H UR of SF 4s. 78% 7914
SF & NP 6s. — lll»i
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — 30 | Mat Nav Co. — 90
Amer Bis Co — 100 Nev Nat Bk. — 200
Cal Cot Mils SO 57 N S R R Co. 91* —
Cal G&ECor. 45 — N Cal P Co. 10U 11
Cal Powder.. — 150 Oak Bk Sav.ll2H —
Cal Ship Co. 21 27 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal TU- T:115 — I IOOF Hall A « —
Cen Bk. Oak — 65 Orpheum Co.. — 16%
Chutes Co.. 6?i 7 | PacC Cas Co. 120 —
City & C Bk — 112 I Pac S Tel Co.lKO —
Cyp L Imp.. C% — I Taraf Paint.. 38 —
East Dynm.. — 250 S F Drydock. 60 —
DpntPwd pfd — 90 SF&SJ Coal. 23 32%
Do com .. — 50 R J Wat Co. — 106 j
FN Bk. Oak.120 — SO * MTxbt.123 —
Fischer Thtr 65c — Swlss-A Bk.115 —
I"rnch-A Bk.106 — Truck Elect.. — 13
Gas Con A.. — 22 UR InC pfd. -i!% —
Hono P Co.. 14 — Do com ... 9 —
Lon& SF Bk — CO
Morning Session.
Street —
$5,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. . 78 62%
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAT. JUME 7.
Flour, qr sks .. 6.790' Hay. tons 222
Wheat, ctls l.«3fl Tallow, ctls .... 318
Beans, nks MS Hides. No 9.1
Com. ctls C00 leather, rolls .. 1.15
Feed sks 330, Lime, bbls .... 462
Potatoes, sks .. 2,013 Wine, gals 29,!»00
" Onions, sks ... lOO'Prandy, gals ... 3.200
Wool, bales ... 1681
EASTERN.
Corn ctls 600! Cornmeal. ctls.. COO
AUSTRALIAN.
Potatoes, eks .. 77! Onions, cases... 450
OREGON.
Potatoes, eke .. 2651
Mining Stocks.
FAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sali^s on the fc-an Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Richer 20 100 Ophlr 4 B5
; 100 Con C & Va.l 45 50 Ophir 4 50
I JiKiO Con Imperial. 02 200 Yellow Jacket. 27
j 200 Exchequer .. 4I|
Afternoon Session.
I no Alpha 121 ICO Gould & Cur. 23
f»O0 Alpha 13| 100 Mexican 1 20
i 400 Brlchrr S1| 400 Ophlr 4 40
I 100 Caledonia ... 79] 200 Union Con .. 46
4<*> Exchequer .. 44j 100 Yellow Jacket. 28
100 Challenge Con 20j
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Challenge Con 20i V)O Yellow Jacket. 27
W0 Ophir 4 60| 200 Yellow Jacket. 28
600 Utah 151
Afternoon Session.
100 Alpha 12 :U1O Overman 33
200 Belcher 31 !K0 PotoM IH
•J00 Caledonia ... 77 1'no Scorpion 19
1O0 Con C & V.I 424 500 Scorpion 18
200 Gould & Cur. 2* 2CMj Sierra Nev . . 42
2<H) (Jould & Cur. 2.1 .too Sierra Nev .. 41
100 Mexican 1 2<)| lCrt Yellow Jacket. 30
100 Ophlr 4 30j 200 Yellow Jacket. 31
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were th<? sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Frsslon.
2600 Brunswick .. l»5i -"'.CO Mont Ton ...1 R5
ISOft Hsperania ... 01 f>Oit Rescue 09'
12.200 MarNamara 21 MH> Ray & O'Brien 07
3000 MacNamara . 22 MK Ton HHmont.. W?
200 Mont Ton..l 82»4I 100 Ton Midway.. 37;
Afternoon Session.
500 Esperanza ... 01! SCO MacNamara .. 24
2C0 Evelyn .".1 1<iO<> MacNamara .. 25
1000 MacNamara . 2211000 Rescue OH
1000 MacNamara . 231 432 Ton Midway.. 36
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Juno 7—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha 13 14-Justlce n 15
Alta W 68 Kentuck 02 04
Andes 15 16 Kayes Graes..l 15 1 20
Belcher 31 32! Lady Wash .. — 08
Best & Belch.l 25 1 351 Mexican I 15 1 20 !
Bullion 15 16| Occidental ... 7!> 82
Caledonia ... 78 80 Ophlr 4 35 4 40
Challenge Con 19 21 Overman 31 33
Chollar 16 1" Potosl 16 lg
Confidence ...I 00 1 03 Scorpion 18 20
Con C & Va.1 40 1 45 Savage 25 27
Con Imperial. 01 02 Peg Belcher .. 12 13
Con NY 03 041 Sierra Nev ..42 43
Crown Point. IS 19; Silver Hill ..48 81
East Sierra N 06 —Ft Louis .... 00 10
Eureka Con.. — 50 Syndicate .... 03 04
Exchequer .. 43 45 Union, Con .. 45 47
Gould & Cur. 24 .25 Utah 15 16
H»le &; Norc. 70 751 Yellow Jacket. 30 31
Julia OH G9| * ¦
• TONOPAH MINES.
* Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Colehan — 07 Ray & O'Brien 05 07
Gold Anchor. 21 29 Ray Tonopah.. 11 14
Gold M Con. 01 02 Re»cu« 06 06
Jim Butler .. 45 — Ton Belmont. . 66 KH
Little Ton . . 20 — Ton Cash Boy — 23
Lucky Tom.. — 03 Ton Exten ..I 05 1 10
MacNamara . 23 25 Ton Gold M.. 12 14
Mlzpah Ex .. 10 — Ton Midway.. 36 37
Mont Ton ...1 85 1 90 Ton of Nev.7 87% 8 25
Paymarter . . 06 ' — Ton N Star. . — *q
Ray Exten .. — 11 United Ton .. — 14
California Stock and Oil Exchange
On Stock— Bid. ' Asked.
Apollo 40 ....
Associated Trust Certificates. IS 20
Aztec ' .... G5
Caribou 3 00 6 00
Chicago Crudo 19 20
riaremont 65
Four if-,
Giant ..- 15 ....
Hanford ir>l no
Home :... 160 \ :>a
Imperial ;... ..'. 10 <H» - 17 r.O
Independence : 25 . 2$
The next Legislature will be Republi
can by a good majority and Tfpnubli
cans were elected to most of the county
offices.
PORTLAND, Or.. June 7.— That the
Republican party in this State scored
an overwhelming victory yesterday is
being made more apparent I as the
count proprosses. Returns from isolat
ed counties are coming in slowly, but
those already received show that, like
the more populated districts, the citi
zens voted strongly for the Republican
Congressional nominees. Congressman
Binger Hermann has been re-elected in
the First District with a majority of
about 7000, while J. N. Williamson, the
Republican nominee in the Second Dis
trict, rolled up a majority of 10,000 and
later returns may swell this estimate
somewhat.
Returns Show That Oregon Republi
cans Win Signal Victory.
MAJORITIES INCREASING.
SALINAS. June 7.— A suit for $10,000
damages was filed this morning in the
Superior Court by Thomas Brinan. a
wealthy rancher of San Ardo, against
T. F. Wiley of Soledad. also a prom
inent rancher. The plaintiff, in a sen
sational complaint, alleges that the de
fendant said in the presence of the
Board of Supervisors and ethers that
the plaintiff was defrauding the county
on. road work and was guilty of a fel
ony.
Monterey County Rancher Sues Sole
dad Citizen for $10,000 Because
He Was Acused of Dishonesty.
WANTS MONEY TO REPAIR
DAMAGED REPUTATION
city of Mrs. Hanna Elias. tho negro
woman who is charged with obtain
ing nearly $700,000 from aged John
R. Platt by blackmail. Then they
placed her under arrest.
Strenuous Measures Taken to Im
prison Colored Woman Accused
of Blackmailing Platt.
NEW YORK. June 7.— Detectives
to-night battered down the heavy
front door at the residence' in this
BATTER DOWN DOORS
« AND ARREST NEGRESS
MADRID, June 7. — Twenty persons
were killed to-day by an explosion of
fire damp in a coal mine near Oviedo.
Twenty Persons Killed In Mine.
GMUNDEN, Upper Austria, June 7.
The marriage of the Grand Duke of
Mecklenburg-Schwerin and the Prin
cess Alexandria, daughter of the Duke
of Cumberland, was celebrated here
to-day In the presence of many mem
bers of royal families and a great
gathering of other distinguished per
sons.
Before Great Gathering Grand Duke
of Mecklenburg-Schwerin Takes
Princess as Wife.
NOTABLES ARE MARRIED
IN ROYAL PRESENCE
WOODLAND. June 7.— With impos
ing ceremonies the cornerstone of the
new Carnegie library was laid in this
city to-day. The principal ceremony
was that of the Masonic fraternity, its
highest State officer, Most Worshipful
Grand Master Nutting, officiating. He
was assisted by Grand Orator Monroe
and the local Masons, who attended in
a body, escorting the grand officers
from Masonic Hall to the site. Speeches
were made by Hon. A. W. North. Mrs.
W. P. Craig, C. W. Thomas and D. A.
Palfour, representing the civic and in
dustrial bodies.
First Move in Construction of Car
negie Library at Woodland
Is Made.
CORNERSTONE IS LAID
WITH FITTING CEREMONY
Phelps of Gllroy was to-day elected
county 'stenographer by the Board of
Supervisors. She takes the place of
Miss Lillian L. Alexander, who, a few
days ago, became the wife of Justice
Frank Benson. The office cairies a sal
ary of $150 a month.
Santa Clara Supervisors Appoint a
Successor to Mrs. Frank
Benson.
SAN JOSE, June 7.— Miss Mabel
GILROY GIRL WILL BE
COUNTY STENOGRAPHER
Dowager Duchess of Manchester Not
as 111 as Reported — Cancels
Engagements.
LONDON. June 7. — Consuelo, Dow
ager Duchess of Manchester, has can
celed some of her engagements owing
to illness, but there is ho indication
that her condition is critical as has
been reported in the United States.
The Duke and Duchess of Manches
ter left London yesterday on their
way to Ireland.
REPORTS OF CONDITION
OF CONSUELO EXAGGERATED
SAN JOSE. June 7.— Ross Stevenson,
a 12-year-old boy, has been missing
from his home in this city since Fri
day, and the police have been unable
to find any trace of him. The boy at
tended the Horace Mann School In the
forenoon of that day, but after lunch
at nocm he did not return. His father,
J. M. Stevenson, resides at 3S0 "West
San Fernando street. Young Stevenson
secured about two dollars he had on
deposit in a local bank. He had an
nounced that he was going into the
Berryessa district to pick cherries and
it is believed he is around the county
on some of the fruit farms.
Twelve- Year-Old Boy Suddenly Leaves
School and Police Cannot •
':~y. Find Him.
SAX JOSE LAD GOES
AWAY MYSTERIOUSLY
A lively blaze resulted from the
overturning: of a coal oil lamp last
night In the kitchen of James Marion's
residence, 12 Essex avenue. Marion's
house and barn were badly damaged,
as were also several chicken sheds, the
property of Mrs. Mary Stevenau.
A double alarm was turned in from
box 574 and the department experi
enced much difficulty in extinguishing
the blaze. The damage amounts to
about $2500, partly covered by in
surance.
House, Barn and Chicken Sheds on
Essex Avenue Are Damaged
by Fire.
OVERTURNING OF A LAMP
STARTS A LIVELY BLAZE
SAN BERNARDINO. June 7. — The
obstinate resistance Mrs. Rachel White
and her daughter are offering to the
efforts of their landlady's son, Walter
Satterwhite, to evict them for non
payment of rent Is the topic of con
versation here. The young man's
latest move was an attempt to close
up the entrance to the building by
nailing boards across the door.
The women pounced upon him ana
put him to flight- He was arrasted
and warned that he would be locked
up without benefit of ball If he per
sisted. Satterwhite says civil proceed
ings cost too much money.
San Bernardino Landlord Gets Into
Trouble When He Tries to Oust
-7 f Undesirable Tenants.
WOMEN", FIGHT \VHES
EVICTION IS ATTEMPTED
A good description is Riven by those
who saw the man, as follows: Height,
five feet eight inches; weight, 140
pounds; 25 to 30 years of age; dark
complexion, with a very small brown
mustache; dark coat and blue over
alls; carried a small bundle and wore
light colored soft hat and tennis shoes.
An attack upon Pearl O'Connel, 7
years old, and daughter of V. A. O'Con
nell, a prosperous ranchman of Nor
walk, was committed this afternoon
while the child was with her brother
Varney, a boy of 9 years. The lad was
beaten with a club by the fiend and
forced to run for his life.
The scene was about a quarter of a
mile from the O'Connell ranch and a
mile and a half from Norwalk. The
children were walking home, when a
stranger accosted them and tried to
tear the little girl from her brother's
side. The boy resisted and was beaten,
after which his siter. was dragged
away. She ran screaming in the di
rection of her home and attracted the
attention of the father, who immedi
ately started a search. Meantime
George O'Connell, an uncle of the chil
dren, came upon the boy in the road
and hearing the story from his lips
started after the brute and succeeded
in getting a glimpse of him . as he
dodged through the willows.
Friends joined the father and
brother in the search.
LOS ANGELES, June 7.— Scouring
every nook and corner of the nine
miles between Xorwalk and this city,
a large posse of enraged ranchmen Is
expected at any moment to capture a
vile wretch and string him up to the
nearest tree. The crowd is led by the
father of two little children who were
brutally abused on the public road, and
summary vengeapce will be wreaked if
the man is caught.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Little Boy Tells His Story
and Father Starts in
Pursuit Vowing Vengeance
LYNCHINfer MAY KESULT
$2000.
Eliza Leddy to Thomas Twohlg. lot on R
line of Noe street. 86 S of Cumberland, S 28
by E 105: $10.
J. E. Galvin to E. M. Galvln, lot on 8 line
of Twenty-fourth street. 125 W of Dolores. W
25 by S 114: $10.
Ella A. McKentle to Edward A. Tounger.
lot on SE line of Madison street, 276 SE of
Harrison. SE 22:11 by NE 75: $10.
Geo and Hannah de Urioste to George A.
Hoertkorn. lot on NWllne of Folsom street,
200 NE of Seventh. NE 25 by NW 80: $10.
Daniel Buckley to Benjamin M. Gunn, lot on
SE line of Kingold street. 2M> NE of Ninth,
NE 25 by SE 75. quitclaim deed: $1.
Annie E. DavieB or Davis (wife of George)
to John It. Edwards, lot on SW corner of
Lake street and Twentieth avenue, S 104 by
W 107:6; gift.
Abraham B. Johnson to Marlett Johnson. lot
on W line of Tenth avenue, 209:9 N of Clem
ent street. X 34:9 by W 120: gift.
Emma and Alphonzo Harrington to Marcus
G. and Annie Johnson, lot on W line of Elev
enth avenue, 325 S of H street. S 25 by W
120: ?10.
Marcus G. and Annie Johnson to E. B.
Hailett to same; S10.
Annie and Leon I<emos to Henry G. Meyer,
lot on E line of Nineteenth avenue, 300 S of
L street. S 50 by E 120; $10.
Thomas Ryan to Thomas A. K. Ryan, lot
on NW comer of Forty-third avenue and U
street. W 240 by N 100; $10.
Same to Jeremiah B. Kyan. lot on W line
of Forty-third avenue, 100 N of U street. N
150 by W 240: $10.
S Ducas Company (corporation) to George
Ryan, lot on SE line of Army street. 113t'.:rt
NE of Columbia place. NE ISO by SE 23S.
Precita Valley, lots 234 to 238. quitclaim
deed: $1..
Estate of John D. Sullivan (by Mae Sullivan,
executrix) to Oscar Heyman, undivided fourth
of lot 52, block B, Park lane; $125.
Ellen Sullivan to same, undivided three
fourths of iamc; $10. * : ? r-
Loulse Clausen to Herman Stumme, lot on S
corner of Seventh avenue and M rtreet. SE 42
by SW 100 block 140. Central Park; $10.
Helen M. D. Thyarks (wife of II. W.) to
Alexandrine L*>blanc. lot 5. block B, Railroad
Homestead Association; S1O.
Christopher A. and Elizabeth Staehle to
Bernhard Gets, lot on NE line of Persia street.
50 NW of London. NW 25 by NE 100, let 5,
block 3. Excelsior Homestead: $10.
Estate of William Ryan (by James P. Ryan,
administrator) to W. F. McClure. lot 15, block
292 O'Neil &- Haley Tract; $450.
W F McClure to Joseph B. Coryell, same;
$10.
Julius C Reis to William W. Prince, lots 7
and 8. block 38! R"ls Traof. grant.
Sam- to ("hrifitof J. de Boer, lots 22 and 30,
block 43. sai..e tract: grant.
Same to Margaret J. Allan, lot 3. block 1,
same tract; grant.
Sam? to X>omlnick F. and Madge O Kane,
lot 5 Mock 1. same tract; grant.
Same to Adeline J. Ferrc, lots 6 and 7, block
44, Rfls Tract: grant.
Same. to Theodore C. T>. Binge, lots 42 and
43. block 44, Fame: grant.
Robert G. Byxbee to Edith S. Nott (wife of
Charles P.). let on N line of Purrow street.
Rl W of Holyoke. W 63 by N KO. lots 22 and
23. block :a Railroad-avenue Homestead: also
lot on NE comer of Henry and Bowdoln
streets. E 30 by N 100, lot 1«. block 30, Rail
road-avenu* Extension Homestead: gift.
Margaret Herold to Christopher Staenle. lots
fi to 8. block 9, Sunnyvale Homestead Associa
tion; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
August* and Hortense Faure (owners) with
Frltx Marcus* (contractor), architect —
All work for a two-story frame building on E
line of Second avenue, 200 N of Clement. N 25
by E 120; J4S0O.
John P. Leonard (owner) with Charles M.
Lindsay (contractor), architect John McIIcniV-
All work for a two-story and basement frams*
building (ffur fists) on NH corner ot iJuwro
and Elizabeth streets. N 41 :S by E 100; $050.
Leontlne ISlum (owner) with Chesney _
Durnford (contractors), architect C. A. Muers
dorffer—All work fX<-ept painting,- shadPH. ga.«
fixtures and electric work for a threc-Btory and
basement frame building (flats) on UK corner
of Central avenue and Clay street, S 27:8U by
E 100; $11,137.
P. P. <:*ilagrhan (owner) with Daniel Powers
(contractor), architects William Mooser and
Kdward O. Bolles — All work for a one-story
frame huildms on lot on NW corner of lx>m
r>ar<i ahd Flllmor* streets, N ."0 by W 110;
Mary L'frn (wife of Tl. J.. owner) with Ed
ward Ginley (contractor), plans by owner — All
work except grading, concrete, foundations,
paintint-*. pas fixtures and shades for a two-
Etory frame building (flats) on lot on NE
comer of Clement street and Thirteenth ave
nue, E 45 by N 100: S33C0.
John II. Boardman to Ellen Boardman, lot
on W Hue of Van Ness avenue. 57 X oC Union
street. N 33, W 125:2, SE 30:2%. E 103.
quitclaim deed; $5.
City and County 'of San Francisco to Edwin
Bonnell. lot on W line of Gough street, 110
N of Pine^ N 27:6 by W 110; $ .
James T. Boyd to Florence Q. Perlne (wife
of George M.) and Anna E. Mclntyre (wife
of A.), lot on SE corner of Chestnut and La
guna streets, S 137:6 by E 137 :ti, quitclaim
deed; 110.
John F. Naughton to same, same, quitclaim
deed; $1.
George M. and Florence G. Perine to George
D. Graybill same; $10. "..-.<
Anna E. Mclntyre (Partridge, wife of Arch- I
Raid D.) to same, same; $10. <
Harry W. or H. W. and Susie Bernhelm to
Gusta Ttchner (wife of Charles), lot on S line
Of Bush street, 25 W of Buchanan, W 64:9, i
S 85:6, B 11. N 17. E 43:9, N 68:6; $10. j
City and County of San Francisco to Rosa- ,
mond L. Cox, lot on SW corner of Sutter and
Webster streets, S 27:6 by W 03; $ 1
Timothy F. and Margaret A. Sheean to
James A. Sorenson, lot on S line of Fulton
street, 137:6 E of Devlsadero. E 50, S 138:1.
NW 60. N 129:2; $10.
Thomas Ryan to Catherine Ryan (single),
lot on N line of Bush street, 32:6 E of Baker,.
E 25 by N 87; $10.
Hytn&n Greenberg to William E. Lutz, lot
on W line of Baker street, 100:414 S of Wash
ington. S 25 by W 106:3; $10.
William E. and Bessie Lutz to Eda and
Henry Ickelhelmer, lot on W line of Baker
street, 100:1 S of Washington, also 155:3Vi N"
of Clay. 6 25 by W 106:3; $10.
Balrd Estate (corporation) to Christian Hol
tum. lot on N line of Halirtit street, 158:3 W
of Clayton W 65 by N 137:6; $10.
Charles B. Platt to Emma F. Platt, lot on ;
S_ corner of Washington and Locust streets, [
S 102:8Vi by E 37:0; silt.
Samuel J. and Lillian M. Eva to Henry A.
King, lot on N line of Clay street, 68:9 E of
Maple, E 28 by N 100: $10.
Henry A. King to Annie H. King to same;
$10.
Daniel K. and Mary E. Hall to Louis K.
and Bertha Hacenkamp. lot on NB corner of
Fifteenth and Church streets. N 35 by E 75;
510.
Same to Catherine A. Wachhorst (wife, of
X. B.). lot on E line of Church street, 35 N
of Fifteenth. N 50 by E 75; $10.
Nfls M. Pearson to Alfred J. Asplund, lot
on N line of Twenty-second street, 50:10 W of
Church, W 25 by N 114; $10.
Mary A. Carroll vs. John Abrams et al. to
J. V. Campbell, lot on S line of Fifteenth
ftreet, 125 W of Sharon, W 25 by S 100:
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
TUESDAY. JUNE 7.
Indignant Crowd of Men Are
Searching for a Man Who
Attacks Two Children
TRUCKEE, June 7.— Never within
the recollection of the oldest inhabitant
has there been such a scarcity of trout
in this section of the Truckee River.
The unprecedented high water is, to a
great extent, responsible for this con
dition, but the lack of fish ways at the
dams in the lower reaches^keep the
fish from their natural spawning
grounds. It is proposed that the flsh
commissioners of California and of Ne
vada meet and take steps that will re
sult in the enforcement of the laws
relative to the construction of fish lad
ders. Starting up the river from Reno,
the big dam for the electric light com
pany has a sheer fall of twelve feet
without any passage for the flny tribe.
The immense dam at Floreston had a
flsh ladder, but the high water has dis
arranged it so that it has become of no
material use. These obstructions keep
the big fish of Pyramid Lake from get
ting up here and makes the catching of
a fair-sized flsh a ten days' effort.
The catches of this year have been
small and the old fishermen are wait
ing for the fall of the river. There
should be some good fly fishing shortly,
but at the present time the smaller
streams are bringing down ! so much
flsh food that the trout find all they
want to eat without an effort.
The High Water Has Washed Out the
. Fish Ladders and the Trout
Are Injured.
ANGRY POSSE
HUNTS FIEND
TRUCKEE RIVER CONDITIONS
ARE BAD FOR THE TROUT
Monarch (of Arizona) 40
Monts Crlsto 63 . ...
Occidental of W Va . . 11
Oil City Petroleum 60 61
Peerless 14 00
Sovereign 3S ....
Sterling 2 25 ....
Superior 04 05
Thirty- three 8 25
Tolteo 21
Twenty-eight 8 00 8 25
Associated Bonds 79 CO
Wabash 37
Miscellaneous —
Fischer's Theater 65 '"-.'. ¦."."¦•
SALES.
Morning Session.
100 Sterling, b 90 2 60
Afternoon Session^
ALBANY, N. Y., June 8. — Richard
E. Pruesser, a well-known broker of
this city, shot and killed Miles Mc-
Donnell, a member of the Boston
Metropolitan Stock Exchange, early
this morning. Both men were inter
ested in the company and had been
on amicable terms until just before
the tragedy.
Pruesser, who had been drinking
heavily, left a restaurant, went to his
office arid got a shotgun. He then
went to the ,Tenecyck, Hotel, where
McDonnell was stopping, and went to
McDonnell's room. As soon as Mc-
Donnell opened the door Pruesser shot
him dead.
Richard K. Pruesser Fires Fatal Shot
at Miles- McDonnell, a Busl-
ness Associate.
BROKER SHOOTS AND KILLS
MEMBER OP STOCK EXCHANGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY,' JUNE 8, 1904.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Fifteen.
14
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
1 CALIFORNIA g
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO |
i LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS I]
H »* O::SO a. m.. througrh In a daya, M
M with diner and »n trapplnrs. J
Kggws'^P3|P?3B^^^^^i^^H03^ a^^n^^^^^SS3B*i
Other Santa re Tralna:
7:30 a. m.1 f0T Stockton. Tresno. BakersSeld.
«-^It™'l Merced. Hanford and VtsalU.
8:0O p. in. j .
4 :00 p. m. for Stockton.
8 :00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OrriCES— 641 Market St. aad
rerry Depot, S. 7. Also Ilia Broad-
way, Oakland. Cal. 37 South First St..
San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
UN FPANCtSCu A.N'U NGRTH PACIFH
SaiLWAT COMPAHT. ,
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market Street.
SAIC FRANCISCO TO BAN K&rAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 0:00. Il:0O a. m.;
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 5:50. 0:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 6:10, 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 8:05. C:50. 7:35. 7:50, 9:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50, t2:00, 3:40. 6:00. 5:20.
0:25 p.. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45
p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.. 1:45.
3:40. 4:50. 6:00. 6:'J0. 6:23. 7:5O p. m. tEx-
cept N Saturdays. •
Leave. I In Effect 1 Arrive
San Fran. | May 1. 19O4. f San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Deitlna^ ! Sun- j We»k
Days. I days. | tlon. j days. | Days.
-____ _________
7:30 a 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:40 a
18:00 a 9:30 a Ignacio. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p «:0Op 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
7:25 p
ST45p
X:30a 7:30a 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00a 8:00a Novato. 10:20a 10:20a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 2:30 p and 7:23 p 7:25 p
6:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
7 :3O a 7 TOO a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:23 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p ' "8:45p 7:23 p
Windsor, |
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburr. 10:20 a 10:20 a
_ ytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Gey»ervllle. 7:25 p 7:25 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a;io7-0a
2:30 p[ 2:30 p[ and Uklah. [ 7:_5 p| 7:25 p
I I Wlillts, I I
7:30a| 7:30a| Sherwood. | 7:25 pj 7:23 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Gurnevitle and 110:20 a|10:_0~a
2:30 p) 2:30 p| Camp Vacation. | 8:45 pj «:'.O pj
~8:0Oa| 8:0O a 8:40 a 8:40~a I
6:10 p| 9:30 a Sonoma. 6:00 p «:20 p I
I 5:10 p Glen Ellen. 8:43 p I
7:30al 7:3Oa| 110:20 altO:2O a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. |7:25pj «:20 p
bTAOES cenntet at Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Springs and Mark West 8prtng9; at
Fulton .for Burke's Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at Gcyservllle for Skagir.
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boone-
vllle and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Uartlett '
Springs; at Uktah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter ValUy,
John Day's. Riverside. Lierley*s. Buckneil's.
Sanhedrln Height,, Hullvllle. Ott's Hot
Springs. Halfway House. Coraptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg
Westport. Usal: at Wllllts for Fort Bragg'
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Layton-
vllle. i Cummins, Bell's Springs. Harris. Ol-
sens. Dyer. Garbervtlle. Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round- trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market street. Chrontcl*
building.
JA8. L. FRAZ1ER. ¦ R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pasa Act.
• RAILWAY TRAVEL.
•fTH^v Trains 1e*T« mad *ra elm*
| t1 L^^«J2 SAN FRANCISCO.
I yC\j|||r7*y Tmom Jtrira 1. Vm.
"^ . (Toot Qt Market Street.)
!.»«»« — MAIN LINE. - a»«t»-
7.00a Vscsrllle. Winter*. Rainier- 760*
7.00a Beolela, Sultan. Klmtra sod S*erv
ment* 7 ZZ»
7.30a VtMeja Nsps, Cannes*. SmaU
Kom. Martinez. Ban ruraon I 20»
740a Ntles. Ltrermore. Trsey. Latkros.
SU>ek:on 7.20s*
8.C0A shunt* Express — (Vis »*»!»>.
Williams (for Bartlen Sprint*).
Willows. ?Kr:ito. Ued BiQit,
PortUml. Tscom*. Seattle 7BC»
I.OOa P»v:s. WiKMlisnd. Knl»hti Landlas.
MaryiTlKe. Orovllle 7-50»
S-30a Port Coitn. Mmrttner. Aatiocn.
Brron. Tracy, Stockton. Sew-
, ntn. Los Bunoa. Meadots.
Armosa. Banfurd. Vltslls,
rorter»ll!e *Mm
8 JOA P»rt Co»t». Lath r op. Modulo.
Merced. Tresno, Oo»hen Jnao-
f.on. Usnford. TUtii*. Bskera-
«e!d 4.60»>
IJOa Wllet San Jo»e. Llrermore. Stoek-
ton. < Million), lone. 8»er*men»o.
PUeerTltle. M«rj»Tll'e. Cb»c»,
Re-1 Bluff 42tJ»
8.50a Oskd»le. Chinese. Jsrsestowo. 8o-
sors. Tnoluisne «n-l Anxrls 4 ?C*
8 00a Atlsntlc Sipress— Ogilen »nd R*«t. 11.20*
8-S0a Richmond. Martinez sad vs>y
Stations I 50^
IOOCaTdo OTerlsnd Limited — OEdes.
DeoTer. Omaka, Caleago. SJf»
10.00a Tallejo. 12.20*
10.00a Lo* Aoircles PssMn«er — Port
Coeta. Martlaes, Byron. Truer.
Lathrey. Stockton. Mereeo.
Kaimond. Fresno, Gotten Juso-
Hon. Haaford. Lemoore. Vlislis.
Bakenfleld. Los Ansr"' 77f l »
12.00m Baywsrtf. Miles snd Way Statloaa. 320*
ti-00* BacravieBloRWer Pteamen »II 0J»
5 3Q»» D»o!c!a. Wlntert. Sscrasienta
Wowlland. Knl<b«s Landtar.
MsTTiTllie. OroTtile sod w»y
¦tatfoBS 1350%
5 J0i» Hit wsr-l. Nl!«s sad Way Sutlont.. 7S0a>
3.S0P Port Costa. Marttoes. Byroa.
Tracy. Lathrop, Modes to,
Merced. Berrnda. freno and
Way Stations beyond Port Costa 1220s)
I-30P To«emlte Valley. »ls Brreada aod
Wawons 150*
X30p Martinez. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl. .. 10 20*
4.00> > Martlnez.San linmon.TaneJo.Naps.
Callstoca. SanU Roaa 9 20*.
4 CCPNlIm. Traey. Stockton. LodJ 4 ?Cw
4 3Cp Harvard. Nile*. IrTlnftoo. San I 'B5..*
Jose. LJTermore » 111.59*
S-COPTtr Owl Limited— Newman. Loa
Danus. Mendoia. Treano. Tulsre,
BakerifleUI.LoaAnceles. 8 5."*
K40p Port Costu. Trucy. Stockton 122n»
16 .JO llayward. Mies and San Joaa 7 20*
6-OOp Ilayward. NKes and San Jose 9 -.!}*
'•XOPEmBtern Bxpreaa— Osden. Denver.
Omaha, St. Loula. Chicago and
Eaat, via Port Coat*. sul»ua,
Klniira. T>%ria, Sacramento. Col-
fax. Keno 520»
I.OOp Vallelo. dally, except San Jay I , --
700PVal1ejo. Sun'lsy on'y f ' auP
JJOCP Utrhmnnd. Saa Pablo. Port Cotta,
Mnrttnes and Way Stations 11. 204
7-CflP Oregon & California Kxpreia— Sac-
ramento. Maryirllle. Rixlillnc.
Purllaud. Puget Pound un<l East. 8 504
•¦OSPlUno Paaaengar— Port Costa. Sal-
san. Kimlr*. Dart*. Ssrrameata.
Truckee, Lake Tahoe. snd Way
Stations beyond Sacramento...... 7.504
8.1C»» May ward, 9Ilea and San Jose (Sm-
dayonly) 11-50%
COAST LINE (>arr«w Msage).
(Koot of Mnr:;et Street.)
7.46a Santa CrazKxcunlon(Snnday only) 81Cp
8-ibA Hevark. Oentervllle. Ban Jose.
Felios, BoalderCreek, BlfcBada,
SanU Cras aud Way Stations... 6 55P
t9.1SA AlTirado. Newark. San Jo«e. Los
Oatos.Glenwood, Felton. Bonlder
Creek. Biz Bantn. Santa Crui 810s>
t215p Newark. Centerrllle. 3»a Joss,
Hew Almaden. .'»? Oaios.Feltoa.
Boulder Creek. Santa Crui aad
Principal Way Stations 13.55a
4.1Ep Nf » ark. 3»n Jose. Los Gatos and
way (tatlona ... t3 53a
415p WrlKht, Feltoa. Boalder Creek arxl
Santa Crui. Satarday and Sunday
only 6855*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN Kl:AN C! SCU. FojI of Market St. f91!p<>
-17:13 *:(O 11:00 a. m. 100 3 GO 5.15 r.M
from OAKLAND, foot of Broadway — tS:UI n-.nt
!l :^!_ 10: * * "¦ 12 CO 200 400 r.u.
COAST LINE <Ur«a4 iiaa«e).
fV ( 1'alrd a ait fownannd Streets.)
S.IOa San Joae and Way Stations. 6 3 r »
17 COa San Joae and Way Stations 5 40b
7.16a Monterey and Sunta Crox Kxenr-
¦ loq (SnodUy only) 10-30»
8 1,0a New Almaden (Tues.. Prfd.. only), 4.10o>
• 00a Tbe Coa«ter— Stops only S%u Joae.
Ollroy (connection for Bol lis-
ter). Pajaro. CaatroTlIle (coA-
.aeetlnn to and from Monterey
and Pactfle Grove). Salinas. Sa»
Ardo. Paw Roblea. Banu il»r-
irarlia. San Lais Ut)is?o, prlnclntd
•tulons ti?ace Surf (connection
for Lompoc), principal nation*
Ibrnce Santa Barbara.8»n Baena-
Tentnra. MontAlvo. < • ¦ a .rd. Bur-
bank. Lsa Asgeles 10-45«*
f .00a San Joae. Tres Plnoa, Capitols,
PaBtaCrnz.PaciaeGrGve.Saltnaa,
San Lull Oblipo and Principal
Way Statlona 4.19P
. 10.30a Saa Jose and TV ay Stations 1.20P
11-30AB*aia Clara, ban Joae. Los OaMs
and Way Stations 7.30a
UCp Sas Joae and Way Stations • 33*
15 Mp Del Monte Fxprea*— Sant* Clara,
Saa Juae. Del Monte, Monterey,
Pacific Grove (eonneeta at Santa
Clara, except Sunday, for Santa
Cru, Boalder Creek and Xtrrtv*
Gauge Point*) 12-15 V
I-JOp Pscinc Grove Way Patsena-er. Bur-
HnKame. San Joae and Way Sta-
tion*, connects at Gllrov for ilol-
l!«ter. Trea Plnoa. at Pajnro for
Capltola. S*nta Cruz at Ca»trs>
vllle for S»:inaa. 10 4^«
430p F «n Je*e and War Stations 18.00a
16 OOP Santa Clara, saa Juae, Lo» Uatos.
*'rlgSt and pr:ne!pal Wtj sta-
tlous (etcepi SunriayU 19 00*
15 30o San Jose and Prlmrlpa! Way Station* {3 azm
6 45p Ssniet Rxpress.— Uetlwood. San
Joae. G1lror.SaIInaa.Paao Kobles.
Ban I.u'j )>;ilii:>o. Santa llnr'-art,
Lot Angeles. Deinlng. Kl Paao«
Sew Or.nana. New TorS. Con-
nects at Pijnro for Santa Cru
and st CsMrorrie for Pae'.ac
Croreand Way Station* 7 13*
16 15p *»«• Matro.n-r.vfoi-d.Uel:n<ini.S*n
Curies, KiMlwbnO. Fair Oa'<a,
MenloPark. Palo A! to t{l44*
S J0p Ban June and W»y Station*. e «^.
S-OOpPalo Alto and Way Stations la 15a
11. jap Mjuib >sr. Fr*nrt-ci). >lllibr»i*. 11 nr-
llnKauie. San itttwo, Belmonc.
Sao Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and fnio Alio I 4Ss>
a11.3CP Mayfield. Mountain Vic*, fconny-
v»le. Lawrence. Santa- Clara and
j)an Jo«n....: .» :9 4"»
A tor Morning. Flor Afleraooo. "
1baada< excepted- t Sunday onlv
• batnrda? only. » Mondav es'y.
tbtupa at all «ut!on» on Suauav. '
taT'Oaly trains nopplnn at Valencia St. soatbho«n4
irt»:lu*.B.. 7:00*. «.. 7: 'J a. «.. it:Wa. M^ |:» p .
»:S» r. m. and »:0n r. «. '^
gJ^S^^^ TOSANRAFAEL.
«^M^^P ROSS VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
SL'urr.r.AN ssekvice. stamiako uaioc:.
Depart from San Francisco, week days, at
6:30 7-10 V:45, S:'M, 9:15, lu:0o. ll:W> a. nu
(11:40 a. in. Sauaalito only), 12:20, 1:43. ill*,
4:0O. 4:35. 5:15 5:iO. «:25. 7:13. »:OO. 10:i».
11°35 p. m. Sun. lays and lecal holidays, depart
at 7"10. 7:45. 6:oO. 0:15. I0:0(X ll:C«. ll:4O
a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:43. 2:30. 3:13. 4:«K>. 4:;li.
6:15, S:50. 6:25. 7:15 8:15. 9:00. 10:2o. 11:^3
p. nj.
Arrive at San Franclseo.- T,-eek: days. «:17,
7:0«>. 7:35. 8:15. 8:45. 9:35. 10:20. 11:C5 a. m..
12:03. 1:23. 2:50. 8:35. 4:20. 6:05. 5:40. «:.o.
6-53. 7:35, 10:05. 11:25 p. m. On Sundays ana
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 13:43.
2:05, 8:5O p. m. m ,
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:45 a. m..
»:15 p. m.. 5:15 p. m. («. Sat.>. On Sundays
and lesa t holidays, at 7:45. 8:3a 9:13. 10: rn
11:00. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 7:13
and 8:13 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:43 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way stations.
»:13 *- m., Sundays only — For Point Reyes.
3:15 p. m., dally except Sunday — For C*-i*-
drro. etc
6:15 p. tt... dally except Saturday and Sun*
day — For Point Reyes, etc.
7:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Point Reyes,
etc.
8:13 p. ra.. Sundays only— For Cazadcro, eta.
TICKET OFFICE— 628 Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave r» faisalita Ffrry ArrtTe
San Krauiisco Mt «f Barkrt St. | 9an Francisco
Week Sun- qrn !>a»- We«k"
Days. days. ASSmjlfK **7»- J>±r*^
"¦ 10:00a \&sS*a?W 2:05 p '11:05 ».
10:66a 11:00a 3:J5 r 3:35
1-.4S r 12.20 r >j»»S^S' 8:40 r 6:15 I
6:16 r, 1;45p 6:15 r 10:06 1
..I 4:35 r 8:50 P
• Tl» Crurit; Car. ' TaB»lt»b U Mill Tal'»y.
Ticikt 462b MAr.KirST. (N'orth Shore RaiiroadJ
Orricss land s a us auto f ckry. Foot Market St.
*J0&B^saB MENANDWOMER.
Csa BU 6 (or nsnatnral
JS^W •¦ * ¦» 6 ll »r»^ra di«cUarg««.lnilanimatioaa.
MXtSf Oaaraautd W Irritations or ulceratioaa
B«i! sat «• iUiaratt. of DSCOSJ moabraB'a.
B~3 Trmmu r»«u«i.». f ainleti, and not utrla*
BTaiVHEETIISCHEMICAlCa. itat or poinonon*.
Vgflk. Cl.«iX!UTI,0.|5^» S*!d by DrvntaU,
UB.A. •* • 9nt in 9l*la wr»pp«r.
¦'i¥!iiTbBSi 4drr\ by sxprsna. prapalJ. far
VCmCBaCaSeGni *10O. or3botUa*n.7V
» m Clrcal»r lest «B m«rt>
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth. marrfa«e and d>»th notices »ent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at ei-ber of the publication offices and *>•
indorsed with the name and residence of Per-
sons authorized to bave the same published.
Notices restricted •imply to the announcement
of the event are published once Jn this column
5ree of charge. ' _^
~ ~ BOKN".
HARMUTH-In this city. May 17. 190*. *°
tha wife of M. Harnruth. a daughter.
MARRIED
HARRIS— WILFON— In this city. June B. 1904,
Sby the Rev. Hyraan Samuelson. Isador Har-
ris of Vallejo. Cal.. end Cecelia M. Wilson
of tliU city. _ .,_
PRIMM— RICOTTI— In thie city. June C. 1904,
by Justice of the Peace John J. \an I^os-
trand, Arthur C. Prlmm and Beatrice M.
Klcottl. both of thi* city.
FPOOTSWOOD— VORRATH— In this city.
June I. 1904, by the Rev. J. Fuendeltng. Her.
bert G. Spootswood and Bertha C. Vorratn.
TUOMAS— REYSEN— In this city. May 28.
1&C4 l.y the Rev. J. Fuendelinr. William F.
Thomae and Mary Reysen.
WKBSTER— PIEBKR— In this city. June 1.
190* by the Rev. J. Fuendeling-. Walter
Byron Webster and Mra. Christine Catherine
Sietxr.
DIED.
Blethen. A. K. P. Lelghton. Ellen
•^Brunn. Isabelle Lowenberg. Chas. H.
Burke. Kmtna Madden, William
i-asey. Mary A. Martin, Julia A.
t^ozier (Infant) Peters, Dora
Dempsey. Michael F. Peterson. Helen
Dofcbs. Mrs. G. A. ¦ Oper. Manuel
Evans Richard J. Regan. Timothy F.
Klsher. Marls, Rlchter, Emile w.
Foran. Bemardln T. Rosemond. E. M.
Hutte Arthur W. Bchetter. Frank C.
King.' Mary Well. WUliam
L«e. Julia D.
ELETnEN— In Alamefla. CaL, June 6. '1904,
Albion Kleth Paris Blethen. beloved hus-
band cf Sarah A. B'.ethen. father of Mrs.
J. J. Gallagher. Mrs. A. D. Dennis and L.
¦VYinglow Blethen. and brother of ClarK
Blethen of Alameda and William Blethen ol
Brockton, Maes., a native of Maine, aged
<!» years 6 months and 7 days.
BRUNN— In this city, June 7. 1904. l**^ 16 -
r«-lo\ed dauctter of Manuel S. and Obilina
Rrunn. and eistcr cf Manuel S., Mamie.
Willie and Frank Brunn, a native of San
Francisco, aged 3 years 11 months and 4
«Jaj s.
BIRKE— In San Lorenzo. Cal.. June 7, 1904.
Kinma Burke, wife of Thomas Burke and
mother of Kettle. Hard. Harold and Clar-
enr* Burk«\ aeed 27 years.
ETKriends are Invited to attend the
fujieml Thuixlay. June J». at 2 o'clock. In-
terment tan Lorenzo Cemetery-
CASi:T— In this city. June 7. 1904. Mary A.
«-a*ey sister of Joseph Casey, and cousin of
Mrs. W. H. HiE'.ey. a native of San * ran-
elfcn. (City papers pleaee copy.)
|C7 Interment private.
CUOZIEK— In this city. June 7. 1904, lnfanl
eon of Harry P. and Edith Crorler, a native
of San Frsncipco. Cal.
DEMPFKT— Frionds and acquaintances are re-
FP*rtfu:iy invited to attend the anniversary
mass of Michael F. Dompsey, at St. James
< "hurch. Thursday morning at 9 o'clock.
1X>BBS-In Oakland Cal.. June 6. l»04, Mrs.
«3<wsia A. Dobbs. Bister of John Whalen of
Bakersfield and Mrs. Hamlln of Sacramento,
a native of Alabama, aged 46 years.
EVANS- In this city. June 7, 1904. Richard
J.. beloved eon of the late William and
C'hrtettna Evsns, and brother of William
Kvans and Mrs. James Montgomery. v * na-
tive of Boston. Mass. aged 41 years. (Lo«
Ang'-tef. Cal.. and Boston, Mass., papers
rilrane copy. »
CT'Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
«t the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 76«
Mirrion street, between Third and Fourth.
FISHER— In this city. June 6. 1904. Maria
Fithfr. a native of Ireland, aged 65 years.
KORAN- In thie city. June 7. 15*04. Bernar-
din Franc«« Fcran. b»loved wife of Frank
J. Foran, mother of Edna Foran. daughter
nf Robert and Mary Stein, and sister of May
Stein and Mr*. Teret-a Fett. a native of t
San Kran-iBoo. aged 1M years. \
C7FriendE and acquaintances are respect- I
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
• TlturrfayK at *:.*!fi o'clock from her late j
r-esidf-nce." No. 06 Webster street, thence to j
£acred Heart Church, corner Fillniore and I
Fell rtrevtj«. where a requiem mass will be |
cel^biatfed for the repose of her 6oul. com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clix-k. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
HUTTE— In this city. June 7. 1904. at the
parents' retlder.ee. HITV, Broadway. Arthur
W . beloved son of John F. and Emma E.
Hutte. and brother of MjTtle E.. Edward J. j
and the late Irene Hutte, a native of San
Francisco, ased 27 days.
KING— In Berkeley. Cal.. June 6, 1904. Mary.
beloved wife of the late Michael King, and
mother of Hugh Kinp. a native of County
Down. Ireland, aged 74 years.
r^7"Frier.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at » o'clock, from her late
residence. 1612 Felton street, Berkeley, thence
to St. Columba's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
cf her soul commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Et." Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
Llii:— In East Oakland. Cal.. June 7, 1904.
at 1311 Twelfth avenue. Julia D. Lee, be-
lc\ed mother of Frank M. and L. Eugene
" Lee, a native of New York, aged C4 years
11 months and 3 days.
LEIGHTON— In Stockton. CaL. June 6. 1904,
Ellen, beloved wife of Edmund Lelghton, be-
loved mother of George, Martin. Robert. Vio-
let Irene. Raymond and Sophia Leighton.
and daughter of Ellen and the late Martin
• Healey. a native of California, aged U9 years.
t^The funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the mortu-
ary chapel of J. B. Godtau. o05 Montgomery
*\rnue, thence to ft. Francis Church for
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
l<OvVENBERG — In Fruitvaie, Cal.. June 6,
1904. Charles H., beloved son of Alice and
the late William Lowenberg, and brother of
Mrs. Frank D. Worrell, a native of San
1'ranciEcu, a;'d 21 years 4 months and 16
days.
(?^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
!« Wednesday) st 10 o'clock, from the fam-
ily residence" Diraond. l.'pper Fruitvaie. In- I
torment Home of Peace Cemetery, by electric I
<ar leaving ferry on the arrival of 12 o'clock
creek boat from Oakland.
AIjDEN— In this city. June 7. 19O4. William
Mad'len, dearly beluvod hurband of Annie
Madden, and beloved father of Lucy and i
Edward Ma<i<1on. a native of Ohio. aj?ed 4.'»
vare to months and 1 day. A member of
Madera Camp No. 101. W. O. W.
ETItematna at the parlor* of Gsntner
Brow.. ISOS MlbPion street, between Eighth
and Nintta streets.
MARTIN— In this city, June 7. 1904. Julia
A., beloved w-ife of Geoir* L. Martin, daugh-
ter «t Mr*. Julia Donovan and the late Dan-
M Donovan, and sister of Mr*. J. Nunan.
Mrs. J. Kane. Mrs. J. Feraner. Mrs. L.
Triert and James Donovan, a native of Bos-
ton. Mass., aged ."K> years 10 months and
Unfriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully inviud to atund the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday*, at £:30 o'clock, from the resl- j
dfnee of bcr mother. 700 Third street. Oak- ,
land, thence to the Church of the Imma-u-
late Conception, where, a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for tho repose
of li'-r foul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
jennent St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
PfTTERS— In Oakland. Jure 5, 1904. Dora
Peters, beloved wire of John Peters, Hnd
tnotlier of Mr>. Joseph Raymond and Wil-
liam F. Charles and John 1'etrra. a native
of Hanover, Germany, aged til year* 10
months and 19 <lsys.
CTFriends and acquaintances «re respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral on
Wednesday. June 8, «t '1 o'clock, from her
late residence. 14C2 Seventeenth street. In-
tcrmtnt Mountain View Cemetery. ,
PETERSON— In this city. June C. 1904, Helen,
the dear and only child of Kate Peterson
snd the late Frederick Peterson, and grand-
dauchter of Mm. S. A. Partlngton, a native
of Oakland. Cal., sged 7 years 7 months
and 13 days.
OPKH-In «M« city. June 7. 1904, Manuel
Oper. a native of Florida, aged 45 years.
REGAN — in thl« city. June 6.1904. Timothy,
F\, beloved son of Julia and the late Pat-
rick Regan, and brother of Katie, Patrick,
Julia. May and Willie Recan. Mrs. W.
Nilan end Mrs. F. Silva, a native of San
Francisco, need «- years 7 months and 13
day*.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
< Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1630 Eleventh avenue. South Han j
Francisco, thence to All Hallows Church, ;
where a requiem hirh mass will be eele- !
l»rat«l for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
lUCHTUn— In this city. June 6, 1904. Emlle
W.. beloved eon of William and Marie Rich- i
ter. and brother of Theodore C, Klsa A..
Kmma E.. Frieda M. and Gertrude Rlchter,
a native of Baltimore, s.ged 16 years,
3. months and 22* days. "(Philadelphia and
I Washington, D. C, papers please copy.)
CXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitad to attend tbe funeral to-day
i Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents. 1333 Howard etreet,
between Ninth and Tenth, and thence .by
electric funeral car to Cypress Lawn Ceme- ¦
ten', leaving Eighteenth and Guerrero streets
nt "2:30 o'clock.
0EEM0XD— In the City and County Hos-
KLNRYJ. CALLACHErf CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.
DANIEL. P. DONOVAN. Mrr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
SO Fifth <-t.. opposite Lincoln BchooL
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
_— Funeral Directors and Embalmers — .
Formerly In - Metropolitan Temple.
NOW at *6« MISSION. TeU South 167.
jjetween Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Flsest Equipment* at Muderate rates.
pital, June 6. 1904, Edward M. Rosemond.
a native of Ohio, aged 72 years.
ECHETTER— In this city June 6. 1904. Frank
C. Schetter, dearly beloved eon of Mr. and
Mrs. F. C. Schetter. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aced 7 months. ' '>
WEIL— In this city. June 7. 1904. William,
beloved husband of Helena Weil, loving
father -of Alexander W. Well and Mrs. Jo-
seph Welll. and brother of Leopold A., Joseph
and the late David Well, a native of Steins-
furth. Germany, aged 78 years 9 months an*
13 days.
C7The funeral sen-Ices will take plae«
Thursday, June 9, at 10 o'clock, at his late
residence. 1956 Bueh etrtet. Interment pri-
vate. Plaase omit flowers.Continued on Page Fourteen
The market for everything; In the list, allv*
or dressed. I* weak, with lance supplies, and
packers and butchers are anticipating- still
Meat Market.
BOSTON, June 7. — While trade. In the;Bos
ton wool market • Is quiet there is a confident
feeling among A dealers,"- who ., look for - better
prices as • the ' outcome ; of toe south and west
shearings, where i the ' market is higher . for
some grades than it' Is here. Old wools are
well sold up >h«re. Many of. the ¦, warehouses
are unusually bare • of stock. Territory ¦ quo
tations are: -- ' V, - : • .;
, Idaho — Fine, 16®17o; - heavy fine. 1 13®14c;
Boston Wool Market.
' F oreign Futures. , <
LIVERPOOL.' '
OpTnl^T...................... fgc 1%
Wheat— : Sept.- Dec
Opening .............•••••-. « »» 20 15
Closing .......10 05 20 20.
OpTnilJg"........:.--- 27 20 1 27 20
Closing-. ....••» • 2T 25 27 25
, . The market for new Potatoes was firm under
continued light receipts and- Early Rose w«r«
quoted higher. Trading In the white varieties
from the river was quite active on the wharves
and the. 'recently advanced prices were ¦ well
maintained.- with an occasional lot selling, up
to $1 85 per cental.. Old Oregon Burbanks.were
reported steady at unchanged rates, while old,
rivers were dull and nominal. New red Onions
stood »» previously quoted, with the supply and
demand about balancing. Australian yellow
were ¦' quoted ¦ » lower.- The - steamer Ventura
brought up 450 crates. ¦ ,
AH - kinds of . miscellaneous vegetables were
in fre« supply ; and changes In prices were
slight. I A portion of the receipts of Asparagus
came to hand In poor condition and some were
sold below the minimum quotation... Peas were
somewhat scarce -and firmer, ' while String, and
Wax- Beans - wer* > a little weaker under In
creased receipts. Summer squash arrived freely
from v several sections' and it: was- difficult to
obtain over 85o per, box for the best stock.i
, POTATOES — New. in -boxes, $1 35®1 80. per
ctl for white and $1,2501 50 for Early Rose;
In sacks, $1@1 75 per ctl: old Oregon Burbanks,
S1W1 25 per ctl; old river Burbanks, nominal.
¦ ONIONS — Australian- Yellow,/ $4 50®5 per
Ctl: new Red. «5cj8$1 per sack. >• '
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, -.30c ; per dozen;
¦ . : . ¦ ¦ ¦ . < v / g '> 5 '-'-V "' '
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about , %(Slc .under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9%c: medium. 8%c; light. Sc; Cow
Hides. 8c - for heavy and Sc for light: Stags.
6c: Salted Kip 9c; Salted Veal. .10c; Salted
Calf, lie: dry- Hides. 16c: dry KId. 13c; dry
Calf, 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25®30c each:
short Wool. 40<R65c each: medium. 70<990c: long
-Wool. $1@1 50; Horse Hides, salt. 12 75 for
large and $2®2 50 for medium. $1 25<$1 75 for
small and SOc for Coltn. . Horse Hides, dry,
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $181 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Huck Skins — Dry
Mexican, 30c: dry Salted Mexican. 25c: dry
Central American. 30®32%c. Goat Skins —
Prime Anitoras. 75c ; large and smooth.. 50c;
medium. 35c;. small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. t rendered 4M64UC per lb;
No 2. r?%«J4c: grease. 2%@3c.
WOOL— 8prln«; Clip— Humboldt and ' Mendo
elno. 17®H»c: San Joaquin and Southern. 12
months". 10012c; do 7 months', tvsilc p»r lb;
Middle Counties. 13©17e for free and 12fr15c
for defective: Northern. 1«©1Sc for free and
Hiili'io for drfectlve; Nevada. 13® 16c. accord
ln«r to condition. J_.';_'_. • ¦
» HOPS— Jobblnc at 27%O.10c per lb for Calf
fomla. 1903. For crop of 1904 the nominal
quotation is 20c.
Ealt Hides are firm and In very fair demand,
but dry are qutet. The situation has shown
no change fnr some little time. - • .
Wool quotations are lc higher all around and
the market Is very firm at the advance. Th#
demand Is lively and everything la going out
as fast I as It comes in.
* Hops are quiet at. the recently revised quota
tions. The market Is devoid of feature. .
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
There was a very food movement In bonds
on the morning- session of the Bond Exchange,
but there was hardly anything dotn* In storks.
Everything was quiet In the afternoon. Tho
oil and mining stocks wer» equally Inactive.
Late assessment* are: Persian Ditch Com
pany 4c. delinquent Jun« 1: White King and
Gold 'Bar Mining Company. 3c. June r.O.
1 The Presidio and Ferries Railroad Company
has declared a regular monthly dividend of 20c
per share, payable June 15. ,
The Port Osta Water Company will pay th«
usual monthly dividend of SOc per ihar»
STOCK AST> 1*ON*D EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. June 7—3 p. m.
raiTED STATES BONDS.
-Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup. .107 107% 4a qr cp new.132%133%
4s qr reg... 106 106% 3s qr coup... — 108&
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5«.1O1 — I Oak T Co tfs.im; —
Bay CPC 5s. — 102 Do 5» — 113
Cal C G 5s.lOO 105 Do con 5s. 101% —
Cal GftEi Oceanic 8 6s. — 73
m & Ct 5s. M% 85% Om Cable ,6s. — 123
Cal-st C 5S.11C — Pac G Ira 4s. 92 —
C C Wat 5«. — 101 P E Ry 5s.lO4%105«;
EdUP «S.123% — P ft C H 6S.10B —
f- * c h cs.iu v» — : p * o r e*. — ¦ m
G«ary-st 5s.. — 65 Powell-st 6a. — 114
H C&S 5U8-100 — . Sac EGAR5«. 87% 08&
Do 5s .... Drt 87 SF & SJV5*.11« —^
Hon R T «s.lO5 — Sierra R 8s.. — 115
L A Elec. 5s. — 1C5 3 P of A 6s
t A Ry 5s.lU%- (1000) 109 -
L A L Co 6s — — OOIOK.-.^IOO —
Do Ktd 6s — — SPofCfl* V
Do gtd 58.102% — (19O5)Sr A.102^ —
LAP lem 58.101 — O9t«)Sr B.103U —
Mkt-stces. - i»U (i9c«) J?JA;r
Do lem 6S.H414 — d»12) 115 U«
Bonds Sell Well, but Stocks Con
tinue Inactive*
Miscellaneous Markets.
CHICAGO, Juno ; 7. — CATTLE — Receipts,
4,000; strong; poor to medium. $5 50® « 40:
Mockers -and feeders. $4 75©5 60; cows $3 25
*i* 05; helffirs. $1 75@5; canners. $2 50®5 15;
bulls, $1 75®2 75: calves. $2 25@4 64; Texas
fed steers. $2 50@5 60; Western steers,
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 10.000: to-morrow,,
40,000- strong, 5c higher: mixed and butchers,
$4 60#4 85: good to choice heavy. $4 75®
4 87%; rough heavy. $4 «O«4 75;. light. $4 60
«i4 76: bulk of sales. $4 65®4 75..
SHEEP— Receipts. 12.000; sheep steady;
lambs, steady; good to^holee •wethera, • $5 25®
5 50; fair to choice mixed, $3 76®5; Western
sheep, $4 6O«6 60: native lambs. $5@<J «3;
Western lambs. $5 50*6 75.
CHICAGO.
Livestock Market.
. Lima Beans have started up at producing
points and are much stronger here In sympa
thy. The weather of late has not been favor
able to tho growing crop, and ' stocks, too. are
much lighter. Ventura County reports supplies
diminished to about 110,000 bags, with several
active buyers In the field. >
Otherwise the Bean market Is quiet and
featureless and Seeds show no further change.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 25@2 50; Pea, $2 8Og3:
Butters. *3: small White, $2 85<JJ3 10; large
White. $2 25«2 66: Pink. $3 45®3 60: Red.
*4 25<r4 50: Lima. $3 23«3 35: .Red Kidneys.
$4 75^5: Blackeye, $1 90@2 15 per ctl; Horse
Beans $2@2 50. -
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 2.W4 50; Yellow
Mustard. $2 50$T3; Flax. *1 SOJil 00; Canary,
6H@5So for Eastern: Alfalfa, 14%®-16e: Rape,
1 C?2c : Timothy. 6<SC%c: Hemp. ©4c per
Ib: Millet. 3@3%c: Broom Corn Seed. $20@21
DRIED PEAS — Blackeye. $3 per ctl ; Nlles,
$3 25; Green Peas, $3®3 25.
Beans and Seeds.
CHICAGO June 7.— On the Produce Ex
chance to-day the butter market was steady;
creameries. 13%®17%c; dairies, ll%@16c.
Eggs steady, at mark, cases lnclnded, 14%©
15V4c Cheese' easy. 7%®0c
Butter, Cheese and Eggs:
Fpokane 30.18 60 42 SE Cloudy .00
Tatoosh 30.30 54 46 W Pt.Cldy T.
Walla Walla..30.14 «S 4« W Clear .00
Winnemucca .30.00 60 3i> NW Pt.Cldy .04
Yuma 29.CS 94 72 W Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A. moderate depression continues over the
valley of the Colorado. Thunderstorms are j
reported at Modena and Flagstaff.
The temperature has fallen 20 degree* over I
Utah end Northern Arizona.
The following liigh winds are reported: Eu
reka. 20. northwest; S. E. Farallon, 36, north- j
west.
• Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight June 8: ,
Northern California — Fair Wednesday; con
tinued warm weather; liKht northwest winds
inland: fresh westerly winds on the coast.
Southern California — Cloudy Wednesday;
light southwest winds.
Nevada — Fair; warmer Wednesday.
5an Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednes
day: light north winds, changing to brisk
westerly.
A. G. McADIE, Dietrict Forecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
I
SAN FAANCISCO, June 7.—
is Is I a p
STATIONS. gc 3 c o jd &3
f ? : f " 8 I?
»: : ? 5 ?2
Cloverdale S9 52 .... Clear .00
Cclu?a S7 «O Clear .00
Eureka 54 50 NW Clear .<>0
Frcpno 80 .',8 N Pt.Cldy .00
Ho n ford «3 03 Clear .00
Ho'.llster ss 47 W Clear .GO
Independence 78 52 N Pt.Cldy .00 :
King City *» 44 N Clear .00
LIverinore t 87 5« Clear .00
Los Angeles ...'. 74 tiO SW Clear .00
M'rced 90 48 Clear .00
Napa !>2 62 W Clear ."CO
Newcastle 90 C8 NW Clear' .00
Newnun i»2 CO N Clear .00
P.-Uermo 5H>' 51 Clear .00
PcrtcnilJ- , i4 >»-^fiT- W^- Clear .00
Rid Bluff 86" «0 N Clear .00
Riverside 79 59 W Clear .00
Sacramento ,..84 64 N Clear .00
Fan r>iego i 'vft 60 ' NW Clear .00
Pen Francisco 68 56 • W Clear .00
Pan Jose 83 50 : Clear .00
K.-U. Luis Obispo 82.50 NW . Clear .00
Fanta Rosa 87 51 S Clear .00
Stockton ...M *> .... Clear .00
Ventura 75 65 .... Clear .00
Willows .......: %S 58 N Clear .00
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Coluta — Peach crop will be very light; apri
eotf in market.
Hanford — Cutting second crop of alfalfa;
good prospects for grain and fruit.
Riverside — Grapes will make good crop.
Ventura — Hay harvest well on; crop smaller
but. better than last year.
Cloverdale — Cherry crop almost harvested.
HoiMstcr — Barley doing well In San Juan
Valley; large crop.
Fan Joe« — Apricots rlpenlnp fast; crop fair.
Willows — Barley yield about half crop. ;
Palermo — AM crops as before reported.
Napa — AH crop conditions remain the same.
Llvermor* — Cherries all ripe; crop light.
Sana Rosa — MoUt south breeze; crops ex
perienced no particular damage from late
north wind.
Newman — Conditions- still unfavorable.
A. G. McADIE, Section Director.
EASTERN MAEKETS.
Nciv York Money Market.
NEW YORK. June 7.— Close: Money on
call was eapy; highest, 1% per cent: lowest, 1
per cent; ruling rate, l»-i per cent; last loan,
1 per cent: closing bid. 1% per cent; offered,
1% per cent.
Time leans were ejisy and dull with «V> and
90 day bills at 2&2fj per cent and six months
at :ift3\* per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 3-">4€4% per cent.
Sterling exchange was easier, with actual
business In bankers' bills at $4.876034.6705
fnr demand and at $ / 4.b575ft4.&S0 for sixty
day bills. .
Ported rates, $4 8634 S«% and $4 88®
4 88%.
Commercial bills. $4 85%.
Bar silver. 55%c.
Mexican dollars, 44 %c.
Bonds — Governments, steady; railroads, lr
recular.
New. York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. June 7. — The professional con
tingent in the stock market started to-day with
very discouraging views of the, hopes of any
activity in the market or any movement of
prices. But the market' turned out better In
tone and distribution of business than was the
case urdcr tbe stimulating Influence of yester
'day'n rise. In Ontario and Western. It would
be difficult -40 fix a specific cause for this de
velopment.'as the current news seemed to have
Mttle. Influence on the market. The weekly bul
letin of the Weather Bureau proved rather more
favorable than was expected on wheat for both
the winter and spring crops, and .the favorable
progress cf the cotton crop went to accentuate
the effect of tbe Government report of June 1.
The bulletin was less hopeful as to the corn ;
crop, but the maturity of that crop la still so
far distant as to detract from tbe importance
attached to its present condition. Favorable
progress for the crops Is better calculated than
any other development to settle the fluctuating
opinions over the prospects of the country.
Hope seems to be thus engendered that tho
lower plane of business and Industry may be
nevertheies* on a firm basis. The rather con
stant ratio of the decline In railroad earnings
troes to establish this feeling. A late recovery
in Ontario and Western to-day produced more
«ffect elsewhere. In. tbe market than did yester
day's more sensational advance, and the kin
drei coalers were, especially affected. - The
market was still far from being a toroad one,
and was almost wholly in professional hands,
so far as could be perceived^ The personality
cf the brokers employed In- the late buying
conveyed an Impression that some of the larger
Interests were taking stocks, and. the sensa
tional effect of the buying was then enhanced.
The money market was - almost stagnant and
rates were inclined to droop, though with llttl«
money offering at th« present unattractive
rates.
Prices eased off In the final dealings, but the
clone wai steady. ¦'¦• ¦ ¦ .
The bond market was Irregular, with weak
spots among the lower grade bonds. ' Total
sales par value, $1,745,000. . ..
United States bonds were unchanged on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— ; Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison ... .'..... 6.600 «9% 6fl 69%
Atchlson pfd 700 93 ," f»2% 02«I
Bait & Ohio 8,700 79 78% 78%
Bait & Ohio pfd ... .... 1)0%
Canadian Pacific... „ 700-118% 117% 117%
Central of N J.... ' : 157
Chetsap Si Ohio ..... 700 ."50li 30 " 30'
Chi & Alton 200 36% ZW\ 36Vi
Chi & Alton pfd... ..:. , 80%
CM & O Western. 6,600 13% 13% 13*1
Chi & Northwwln. . 000 109% 109% 169%
STOCK MARKET.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 6%c per lb for
heavy. 10c for light medium. 12c for light,
13%o for extra light and l."Wfl«c for sugar*
cured; Eastern susar-eured Hams. I.Tcj 'Cali
fornia . Hams. 12®12>4c: Mess Beef. $100
10 00 per bbl: extra Me«s. $11611 50: Family.
?12®12 50; prime Mess Pork. $14: extra crear.
$23: Mess. $17 50; Dry Salted Pork. »Hc; Pig
Pork. $26; Pigs' Feet, $3;. Smoked Beef, 14c
per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6He per lb for
compound and 8%c for pure; half-barrels pure
»%€t; 10-lb tins. &Uc; 5-lb tins, 9%c; 3-lb tins'
9%c. ¦¦'-"' ¦' 1 ' .-
COTTOLENB— One half barrel. 8%c; three
half barrels. 8»4c: one tierce. 8%c; two tierces,
8c; five tierces. 7%c per'lb.
The Chicago wires of Mitchell, Mulcahy &
Co. yesterday said: "Tone of market strong.
There la nothing particularly new In current
conditions to account for It. Receipts of Hogs
arejlberal and the distributive demand, while
fair. Is not urgent. There Is continued buying
through broken*, which seems to be the cover-
Ing of- shorts by local packers, but It is not
on A larire scale. The offering?* In the pit are
srnaB. I The market acts bullish, but we do
not see^much In immediate conditions or pros
pects to account for it."
The market is still dull everywhere and
prices show little change. 1
Provisions.
HAY— Wheat. $I0@15; Wheat and Oat, $11®
13 50: Oat. $0«12; Wild Oat. $7®10; Bar
ley and Oat.- $7@11; Stock. $7®S; Alfalfa, $7®
10 per ton.
STRAW — COQSOc per bale.
Bran Is quoted higher, while Middlings are
lower. " Otherwise Feedstuffs are unchanged.
Hay rcanalns as 1 previously quoted. Con
tinued safes of new Volunteer Wild Oat at
$7(g8 perlton are reported. Choice old Hay is
steady, but the medium and lower grades still
dra*.
BRAN— $2202:$ j>er ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24^29 50 per ton.
SHORTS — $22623 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. *23«?23 60
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $21) 'iott.il:
jobblrg, $32: Cocoanut Cake. $22@23; Corn
Meal, $32®33: Cracked Corn. 832 50ftXi 50;
Mixed Feed, $2202.1; Horse Beans. $30@4O per
ton: Broom Corn Feed, 90e per ctl. >
Hay and Feedstuff s.
CHICAGO, June 7.— Cash quotations were
a« follows: Flour, stesdy; No. 2 spring wheat,
H5©98c; No. 3, 85®06c; No. 2 red. $1 08@l 06;
No. 2 com, 49V4«?50c; No. 2 yellow, 50yjc; No.
2 oats. 41*,i@42Uc: xo. 3 whlta, 42&43%c;
good feeding barley, 40®43c; fair to choice
malting. 45®ttftc; No. 1 flaxseed. $i : No. 1
Northwestern, $1 06%: prime timothy seed,
$2 03: mess pork, per bbl. $12 05®12 10; lard,
per 100 lbs. • *6 55C« 57%: short ribs sides
(loose), $6 C2%&6 67%; short clear .sides
(boxed). $0 7507; whisky, basis of high .wines,
(1 28; clover, contract grade, $10 75.
Articled — . . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bhls • 12.100 12.200
Wheat, bu 24,600 23.400
Corn, bu 755,000 453.10O
Oats bu :. 200.600 • 255,300
Rye. bu 2.000 3.100
Barley, bu 28,600 3.400
Cash Grain and Provisions.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, St 6O#
4 00, usual terme; Bakers' Extras, $4 60^4 80;
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $3 85S4 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, |3 CO per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 50; Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal, $3 60: extra cream do, $4 25;
Oat Groats, $4 «>: Hominy, $4®4 25; Buck
wheat Flour, ti 60«g4 75: Cracked Wheat, J4;
Farina. $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $>75;
Rolled Oats. bbls. $7 25@8 60; tn sacks. $0 75<$
8 10; Pearl Barley, $0; . Split Peaa. boxes. $7;
Green Peas. $5 60 per 100 lbs. ;
The millers report some Improvement in th«
demand for Flour, but a dull market for Mill
stuffs, with trade of a retail character.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CHICAGO. June 7.— A large decrease In the
world's visible supply was perhaps the prin
cipal bull influence in the wheat market to
day. Crop damage from the Southwest, how
ever, was of almost equal importance. Final
quotations on July wheat showed a gain of
%@%c. Initial sales of July wheat were
down MUViC at 87%@87%c. On an active de
mand from shorts and good commission-house
buying sentiment soon changed. Much smaller
receipts in the Northwest . had an Important
bearing on the early situation. The tenor of
crop news from the Southwest -also was gen
erally . considered quite bullish. There was
some reaction on selling due to expectations
of a bearish Illinois crop report, but the de
clining tendency wag soon. checked and prices
again started upward. . The strength of corn
was a help to the late wheat market. The
high point In July was reached at t>S*t,fiSSU.c
and the close was at 88ffS.S%c.
Under active covering by shorts a rally of
about lc occurred in corn. The market
clcsed almost at the highest point of the
session. July opened a shade lower to WiSttc
higher at 4S%c; told up .to 4tf%@H9%c and
closed at 40Hc.
Oets wero quiet and dull, but stubbornly
firm. July opened unchanged at 39%c. ranged
between 39%@30Hc and 40c. and closed at
S9a;<ff30%c.
Trading in provisions wag more active and
•the market manifested greater strength than
for some time past. There was an urgent de
mand from shorts and a prominent packer
also was a heavy purchaser. Light receipts of
hogs with a firm market at the yards was
responsible for much of the strength. The
close was at the top. with September pork
up 37^c: lard closed with -a gam of 15c and
rib« 17ViC advanced.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
; Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
: Wheat. No. 2— I
July, old 8RV4 83% SS',4 8!>Vi
! July, new 87V 4 SS^ 87>i SUM,
September, old. Mi, M*. KMi »3%
September, new. 81V4 82V4 81H 81%
; Corn. No. 2—
June 4SH 4H\i ' 48% 4*V,
July 48% 4» 1 H 48% 49^
September ..... 47*4 <8?s 47% 48%
Oat*. No. 2— , .
June 41%
July 39% 40 30H 8ft%
September 31W. 31% 30% "81%
Mess pork, per bbl — ¦ • » • ¦
July 11 80 12 15 11 80 12 15
September .....12 00 12 32*4 12 00 12 32%
Lard, D«r 100 lbs — •>
July .,..6 50 '6 62H 8 50 6 62%
September ..?..« 70 6 80 8 67^ 6 SO
1 Short ribs, per 100 lbs—
July „... 6 C2% 0 93 6 80 6 05
September 7 05 7 15. 7 00 7 15
Future Grain and Provisions.
Chicago Board of Trade.
Stocks of Gram.
The Pan Ftancif-o Merchants' Exchange has
issued its regular »*ml-annual statement of the
k »>f Grain on hand In the Etate June 1 as
Klour, t>b1c. ............. 1C5.O04 145.004-
Wr-at. ctls 2.JU0.020 1.0W.400
IJ»rle>- ctl» l.l!>1.a» 6M.M0
"atf=*ctl» r.7.5*5O 100,200!
V.'-ris. sack* 326.313 3.'.J.073
¦•*:t.. ctle : l'J.620 r5.«iO
Itye. ctl« 14.120 17.1*60
H will be observed that according to this
>-tat<>ment thtrc- U twice as much Wheat and
}?arley on hand at on tht same date a year ago.
The Weather and Crops.
The we«tcly report of A. G. McAdie. section
¦iir»^tcr of trie cliTTiate and crop service of the
Weather Bureau. i£ as follows
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The teirptraturc wa* nearly normal and the
v. father generally clear Curing the week.
Light rain fell in pome of the central and
Dortaera districts. Dry ¦ northerly winds pre
\ai!*-d in nearly all parts of the State.
The damage to the frrain crop by the long
> :;:inu«d dry winds cannot yet bt t-stlroated,
bat it is said to be quite periou.* In some
1 laces, and tho late wheat is undoubtedly bf-
Ing irjured verj' materially every day. Hops,
. orn l>eans and garden vegf tables have also
been ounsiderably damaged. JlarU-y harvest
ic proprtssJng in the Sacramento and fan Joa
qa:n va'.lere and the yi«-1<3 and quality are re
ported fair. " Early wheat is maturing *ipidly
ami will eoon be ready for har\e»t. Haying
:? comr4eted ih some sections and baling is in
ITOurc-ss; the yj»ld and quality are very good
la mos-t sections except the south. Sugar
ntetf and beans are In fair condition. Pas
turtipe If' dry. but still plentiful in most
places. Stock U moving to the mountain
ranges from portions of the Sacramento Val
ley. .•-.-- :-.-: ;- . ¦;
«;rape« have net been injured by the dr>'ir.g
«-lnds. so far as reported, and the outlook is
pood for an excellent crop- in all sections.
Chcrrlo and oth*r email fruits were damaged
by high winds during the week. Deciduous
fruits cf nearly ajl varieties will not yield
the larpe cror* exr»ected earlier in the season,
but they are said to be of superior quality.
Apricots, cfcerrtet and berries of-allkincis are
in ir.srket and • tshi;:n»>nts are belnr 'made !o
the Eaet. Cltrui« fruit? are In. good condition
and makinp satisfactrry propn-w.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY.— The weather was
clear and warm curlnc the week and dry
northerly wind* prevailed. Grain, hoi* and
fruit ha\e been conei«Jerab!y Jamsrrf by the
continued dry wlnQp, and in tome places har
vesting and ha> inn have be«n retarded.
Karicy hardest is in progr-^w in some eections.
and the crop is reported fair In yield and
quality. Hay Is generally of superior quality
tnd the yield i£ very good. A continuance of
the dry winds will materially reduce the yield
of late wheat. Panurajre i* scarce and stock
is moving to the mountain ranges. I*ate cher
ries are being gathered. Cherrien and other
? mall fruits were injured by hlph wind*. Late
I'eacbe* in the vicinity of Newcastle are very
licht. but cherries, Bart;ett pears and early
fachef are abundant
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS.— Cool weather
prevailed at the beginning ot the week, fol
lowed by much ttarmer weather and dry north
erly winds. Lipht rain fell in some *<ecticn«.
<-Sraln, hops. corn, vegetable* and fruits have
been considerably injured by the dry winds
in some flacee. while in other* tbe damage
ha* been very light. Portions of Kclano and
Sonoma counties eeem to have been most eerl
oui-ly affected by the wind, and San Benito
end San LuU ObLspo counties were scarcely
injured. Haying is nearly completed in some
sections and {.regressing ny' dJy *« others; the
yield and quality are fair. Grain U maturing
rapidly. Grapes are In excellent condition an-1
a large crop if probable. Deciduous fruits
art ripenlrvE and are generally of good quality,
tut the yield will be lighter than usual. '
SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY.— Cool and partly
f-loudy weather 1 rev&Sied during the f.rst part
¦jf the week and clear warm weather, with
brisk to h'.fh northwest wind*, tbe last. The
l .::ch winds did seme damage to both the fruit
and rra!n cropn in the north end cf the valley.
Hayine continues, and a good crop will be
harvesu-d. Grain 1^ ripening rapidly. Barley
harvest nan commenced. In some sections, and
will be gtaersl during the coming m-eek; the
*• le!d is good and the quality medium. The
fruit crop if maturirjt raiildly, and apricots
are being Khip^ed and dried. Apricnts and
i^-aehej? «1'| be light crops in raosi sectioaK.
Tbe berry han«*t is pro«rts»i ng. and the crop
v.VA ¦¦¦_ :¦.,¦•-¦ and of rood quality. Grapes are
Kiting we ;i, «n<I a large crop is prnmisffl.
' >rar.(?ea are Retting well and late Valencias
pie being picked in the Porterville district.
l-"eed Is plentiful, and frtoc^ is In good con-"
¦ ¦-.-. :j. ItTlFatlon »-ater is abundant.
POLTHKH.V CALIFORNIA.— Warm weather
with northerly winds prevailed- during the
week. B<ans and vegetables were «H>mewhat
duniaifed by the <iry winds, but -the warm
\v/-ath<r was beneficial to walnut*.' fruit and
Lay. The fcay crop is nearly all harvested
xnd ballr.s I* in pro*rr»?s; the quality is rood,
•••jt the yield very llpht !n most places. Grain
is a failure except In a few districts wher»
irrSRHtlon water .wat plentifully used. Eu^ar
¦•'¦•- and t c-wr.5 are making fair growth.
Cherries and apricots are ripening, and ber
ries of p.ll kinds are in market. Citrus fruits
are thrifty.
I.OS ANGELES SUMMARY.— Hot drying
winds r*«rt of the week were unfavorable for
vcjErtatien. Haying Is In full progress; very
little rraln being harvested. Beans look
well and are an excellent etand. J
EUREKA SUMMARY.— Farming Is about
finished. Cropg are making rapid growth; oate
heacir.f : come grain being cut.. Fruit pros
pects are exceptionally irood. Strawl>erries are
plentiful itnd quality excellent. Sheep shear-
Ing In full progress.
Weather Report.
< 120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)*
PAN FRANCISCO, June 7. 5 p. tn.
The following maximum and minimum tem-
I*ratures ar« reported for the preceding day
from Ka»tera cities: -
Boeton 66-W>| Philadelphia .... M>-«9
Cincinnati R2-«4! Washington .... fl2-«JS
Jarksonvllle M-72| New York 8«-<M
K&riE&e '."ity "R-ra;Et. Louis 64-50
N>w Orleans ... S6-74*
THE COAST RECORD.
3 |g S3 4: g
CTATTO1ML ? Sf 33 =3 I? e
- = s •' : S
: " 3 ? •"": : ¦
Hiker ... 30.14 M ?.f N~W Pt.ady .00
rarson 20.92 7O-S2V.N Clear. .00
Kurfka S".20 54 00 NW Oear .00
Kretno 2M.84 'M M N Pt.CWy .00
K.E. Farallon 29. »» CJ Cl NW Clear .00
Kl«K»*aff ,...2».6S «S8 40 B Cfoudy .36
ro>»teHo '..".. 2fl.W C2 4S "V7 Cloudy .02
Independence 29. 7S 78 52 K Pt.Cldy .00
I>o» Angele*... 29.88 74 60 SW Clear .00
Mt.Tamalpais 20.87 73 5« NW Clear .00
North Head.. .30.80 M 48 NW Clear .06
Phoenix 29.64 M TO W Clear .00
I'tJieyes Lt. .£a.»4 M 47. N Clear .00
Portland ::0.22 00 48 NW CJear .00
lied Bluff ...28.WJ M 60 -K Clear — .M
Hw«burs 30. 1« <:8 44 N Clear ..00
H*ereroento ..2I>.M 84 64 N' -Clear .00
Salt Lake ...23.&0 C2 52 NW <3oudy ' T.
Fan rruncl»co.2».{»4 CS M,W . dear . .00
S X,. OWspo..29.f»0 R2 50..NW aear .00
san Dleco ..29.no iS el NW Clear t .00
wattle 30.30 €3 40 W , Clear .00
NEW YORK, June 7. — Special cable and tel
egraphic communications received by Brad
streefs show the following changes in avail
able supplies as compared with last account:
Wheat— United States and Canada, east Of
the Rockies, decreased 2 276,000 bushels.
Afloat for and In Europe, decreased 1,800,000
bushels. Total supply decreased, 4,076 000
buvhels.
Corn — United States and Canada east of
Rockies, 065,000 bushels.
Oats — United States . and Canada east of
Rockies, decreased 360.000 bushels.
Available Grain Supply.
BAGS— Grata Bags. 5%c spot and 3%c Jun«-
July; San Quentln. $3 40; Wool Bags, 32S03c;
Fleece Twine, 7®Sc.
CANNED FRUIT— The California Fruit
Canners' Association quotes the following price
?l-5|f I
A PP''» $1 55:$1 30i$l 20i$l 10
Apricots I 1 40I 1 30
Blackberries 1 60 X 40l 1 30 I 2U
Cherries, R. A. 2 15 1 90 1 70 1 4©
Cherries, white 175 160 1 S5
Cherries, black 200 175 160 135
Grapes , 135 120 110 100
Yellow Free. Peaches 160 130
Lemon Cling Peaches... 2 00 .... 1 40 1 SO
Pears 2 00 1 73
Plums 1 33 1 15 1 06 95
Raspberries 2 60 2 23 2 10 1 SX>
Strawberries 2 0O| 1 73 X 60 1 40
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes. 214-1U
standard. 85c; Green Pcaa— Petit* pois, $1 35
61 50; standards 83c; standard, sifted, $1;
extra sifted. $1 13; marrowfat 82%e.
COAL.— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. $8: Seattle. $4 30; Bryant. $8 50; Beaver
Hill. $3 50; Stanford. $7; Roslyn $7: Coos
Bay, $5 60; Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7;' Richmond.
$7 50; Cumberland. 913 In bulk and $14 23 in.
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Welsh Anthracite; Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 60; Cannel, $8 60 per ton: Coke. $11 60^13
per ton In bulk and $15 In sarfcs; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 Iba and $12 80
per long ton. according to brand.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundle* par lb. 4%c
cases, regular. 5%c; caaes.. extra large. 0V 4 c:
Eastern style. 6^ic: boneless. 6*«e: "Norway."
6%e: "Narrow Gauge." »»4e; "Silver King."
7%c; blocks, "Oriental," «V4c: blocks "Sea
bright," 6\e; tablets. 7c; middles. 7#9Uc:
fancy boneless. 8i4«S%c; pickled Cod. bbla. $S:
pickled Cod. half bbU $4 73; Pirate Cove Cod
Liver Oil. per dozen .pints, $0; per gallon.
$3 25. less 10 per cent.
CORDAGE^ — The local company quotes as
follows. 60 days or % p*r cent discount for
cash, no sales under ln.000 lbs: Manila. 14%c;
Sisal. 10%c; Duplex. 9%c; Bal« Rope, 11^^
ll%c per lb.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 14®13%e for ttrletly
prime to fancy washed; 12%©13%c for prim*
washed; ll%012>ie for good washed: ll%'$U<o
for good to prime washed peaberry; lO'gllo
for good to prime peaberry; 11912%c for good
to prime; O01O%c for fair; 7%$8%e for com
mon to ordinary.
Salvador— 14®14%e for fancy washed; 12%W
13%c for strictly prime washed: 10%@12c for
good to pi*me washed: 9<310c for fair washed:
10Ql2>Ae for fair to prim* washed peaberry:
9 V<jlO%c for K°od to prime semi-washed: U<*
9%c for superior unwashed: 8%9S%c for good
green unwashed: 9%@10c for good to superior
unwashed peaberry: 7'tfSc for inferior' to or
dinary-
Nicaragua — Nominal: Il%ffl3%c for prime;
to fancy washed; 0'910%e for fair to strictly
good washed; S^$3*«c for good to superior
unwashed: 9%@lUc for good to prime un
wasbed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 14913c for fancy
washed: 12.'S13%c for prime to strictly prime
washed; ll@ll%c for strictly good washed:
10-%e for gocd washed: gVifilOHc for fair
washed: S'ifiOc for medium; 7O7*ic for in
ferior to ordinary: 10%©12%c for • good to
prime washed peaberry ; 9%®10c for good to
prime unwashed peaberry; sva'J'ic tor good
to superior unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole, , heavy, 2&ff31c: extra
heavy, 81933c per lb; medium. 250
29c; light. 22g27c; Roagb Leather. 21#2Hc:
Harm-as Leather, heavy. 33@29c for No. 1 an<i
30#33r for No. 2: medium. 30@37c; light. 29®
35c; Skirting. No. 1. 4O@42c: No. 2. 3&»:«c;
Collar Leather. 15^1fic per foot: Trace Leather.
40®44c: Kip unfinished. 4O(b:3Oc per lb: Veal.
finished. 50©60c per lb; Calf, finished. tt5c@51
per lb; Wax Sides. 16917c per foot; Belt Knit*
Splits. 14#lflc; Rough Splits. %t?10c Per Ib.
TANBARK— Ground. . $25<@2S per ton; stick.
$10 004*18 per cord.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels: for cases
add 5c; Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47o for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. X. 70c;
Bakers' AA. $1 10<81 12: Lucol. 43c for boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut. 6O@7Oc per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil In barrels. 5Sc for Ceylon and 53c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. «8c: natural winter Sperm Oil. KIc: extra,
bleached winter Whale Oil. 57c: natural Whale
Oil, 52c; extra winter strained Lard Oil. 75c;
No 1 Lard Oil. 65c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c;
No' 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 63c; light Herring Oil.
42c- dark Herring OH. 40c; Salmon Oil. 34c:
boiled Fish Oil. S7c; raw FUh Oil. 33c; boiled
Paint OH. 33c: raw Paint Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil. tn bulk.
14c: Pearl Oil. In cases. 20%c; Astral, 2O%c;
Star 20%c: Extra Star, 24%c; Elaine, 28%c:
Eocene. 23%c; Deodorized Stove Gasolln*-. in
bulk 16c- in cases 22 %c: Benzine. In balk.
13c; 'in cases, 19%c: 8«-degree Gasoline. In
bulk 25c: In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon In owes and
75c in drama and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD—Red Lead. 7Vi«#
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7}4©7 ! >ic. according
to quantity.
QUICKSILVER — $43tl44c for local nse and
$41 25042 per flask for export.
SALT— Prices to Jobbers: Bale*. 90c for
common and $1 10 fcp irranulated: Dairy. $607
per ton: Granulated. $7S7 50: Half Ground.
100-Ib bags. $3 25: do. 5O-lb bairs, $¦"» 75; Rock
Rait $2 83 in 100 and $.1 25 In 50 lb bags:
Genuine Liverpool. $14. $13 and $16 per ton
in packages of 224. 10O and 50 lb« respectively.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes aa follows, per lb. In 100- lb haes:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crashed. 5.95c;
Powdered 5 80c; Candy Granulated. 5.80c: Dry
Granulated. fin». B.70c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5 70c- Fruit Granulated, 6.70c; Beet. Granu
lated' (100-lb bags only). 5.60c: Confectioners'
A 5.70c: Magnolia A, 3.30c: Extra C. 3.20c;
Golden C. 3.10c; •"D. 5c: barrels. 10c more;
half barrels. 23c more: boxes. -30c more; 5O-lh
ban 10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half
barrels «.20c; boxe.. 6.43c: H. ft E. Crystal
Domlnos. 8.70 per lb. No orders taken for
lew than »eventy-ftve barrels or Its equivalent.
LUMBER— Pine. on"tnary all's. $18«lfl: ex
tra, sizes higher: Redwood. $15MT23: Lath. 4
™t $3 73«4: Pickets. $17@23: Shingles. $2 for
No 1 and $1 BO for No. 2: Shaken. 1 $11 for
JpUt and $13 for M*n; Rustic. $C3®39.
.J tler ' l9 . nothing new to report In this mar
tlo'nsaTe^rgeTy^Sna^ "^ ««•«««
1003 stock of Prunes in th™NorthwSt |" practi
cally cleaned up. as probably not more than
fifty cr sixty ears could be found in the en"ire
country.^ The 11KM crop bids fair to be almost
r.JS^F S 7; AliTlcote - 8 ® 10c for Raj-als and
9® 12c for Moorparks: Evaporated Apple" 4""^
«c; sun-dried, 3»4%c: Peaches. 76Sc
£•¦"•• JJie^'c: Figs, white. 2*63* In boxes!
black. 4v,c: Plums, pitt-d. 5«|7%c per lb
sii PRUNES-19C3 crop. 2«2%c for i. four
RAISIN?— F. c. lj^ prices Fresno for 1003
crop (subject tp change without notice) are as
follows: 50-lb boxes— Loose Muscatel. 4-crown
4c per lb: 3-crown. 4Mc: 2-crown. 4c: Malaga'
loose, 3-crown. 4c; 2-crown. 3%c; Thompson's
Fee.lless 4c: seedless Sultanas, 3%c; Seedless
Muscatels. 8*1*1 do floated, 3%c; Seeded Rais
ins. 16-oi cartons, fancy. 5%c; choice. 5Uc
12-oz cartons, fancy. 4%c: choice 4%c- In
bulk, fancy 5%c: choice. 5c: Imperial clu«
ters. $3; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy. *2: Lo ndon
Layers. 3-crown. $1 35; 2-crown. $1 25
NUTS— Walnut*. No. 1 softshell. 13%ei4c-
No. 2. ll%«12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13ffll3%c-
No. 2. 11Q11%c: Almonds. ll%c for Nonpa-
r * 1 !?' «)}K C . for » I X U llc for N> PI"" Ultra
and 9 lie for Languedoc: Peanuts. 6-«7c for
Eastern: Pecans. ll©13c: Cocoanuts. $1 50«5
HONEY— Comb. 11%®12%c for white and
10011c for amber; water white extracted &a
6c: light amber extracted. 4% ©5c; dark,
.BEESWAX— 270 20c per lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
CITRCB FRUITS— Navel Ortnges. $2 50<33 R0
for fancy. $1 .VXS2 60 for chrtloe and $lt.'l 50
{7*™2 <i £ ni: J i 1, t .' ili "*' i - * l ~ mi 6 °: Valencia*.
*1 uO©2 50; Mediterranean Sweets. $1 75- Tan
gerines. Jl 25; Lemons, $2 Co^ia 75 for fancv
$1 «oei 75 for choice and $1©1 25 for Mand-
? r ™ Grap liF rult< $1 W>S2 fof " "«"«*» and MS
1 50 for ordinary: Mexican Limes. $5^5 50 per
case: Bananas $2®3 per bunch for Central
American and $1®2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples,
$l"jj 3 per dozen. -.
APRICOTS — Small boxes and crates fiScfifl-
60: basltet8 ' *w7sc* '
and^f^oV^gLST f ° r ° ld Cr ° P
Citrus fruits ruled firm, with & fair amount
LOGANBERRIES— $3 50®5 per chest
BLACKKEHRIES-l4e7 per chest
CURRANTS— *2 5004 per chest
.CHERRIES— Black. 40«50c per" drawer and
3(33c p«r lb In bulk; White. 2S3%c per lb
£<0[al Anne, MQiXc per drawer and 4S«c per
uJiZ ee L v \* ?* 1>>n * wo rtl» Strawberries continued
light, but the market was weaker, as the pre
™nS Wg £ P^ C f, B cheeke< l the consumptive del
retailers were obliged to cut down
£™Jn °I <ieT '- 3 ?a , eB we «> »tHl reported In a
small way at $12 per chest, but thero wer«
not enough sold at that figure to warrant such
* quotation. The large berries were steady
with purplus stocks going to the canners at
the minimum rates. The other berries were In
o!?,S ,. «»PPly and stood about as previously
S-M-f » h . Curranls .continued jto drag, and as
«^m h .I* , ere a f reat """»¦ chests still un
sold at the close. Loose Cherries showed con
siderable improvement, as poor and soft stock
was cleaned up and liberal purchasing for
canning account kept down the surplus Re
ceipts of packed stock were light and were
W ?" red ior at the 'amillar quotations, choice
lots being wanted for shipment. Apricots were
very weak, with supplies far in excess of t"*
demand, and prices ranged lower. The other
deciduous fruits stood as previously quoted.
?h r o eC i3, AppI< \" in basketj were received from
the river and sold at 50c per basket. Several
lots of small Madeline Pears came In from
tlan , d i n °-1. r the Sacramento River, and sold
v?.^! y a l SG® 60 * Per- box. Seedless Grapes from
of ? t at * 2#4 per cnte *" to lUe
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Open. High. I Low. Close.
December ... OSii 08% • 98% 98 Ki
OATS — As already mentioned, • dealers do
not look for any activity until the new crop
appears. The market continues well held,
however, as stocks and receipts are light and
th*re Is a moderate local Jobbing demand.
White. $1 42%®1 47%; Black. $1 'J2V.®
1 27%: Red. $1 27%@1 35: Gray, nominal.
CORN — Steady and closely held. Stocks are
moderate and would be practically nothing
were it not for the importations from the
West.
Western sacked, $1 50®l 55 for' Yellow,
$1 47%@1 52% for White and $1 45^1 60 for
Mixed: California large Yellow. $1 55; small
round do, $1 55«1 60: White, $1 55 per ctl}
Egyptian. $1 32%©1 42% for White and $1 25®
1 30 for Brown. -
RYE — Continues quiet and featureless at
$1 .tOtSl 32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75@2 per. Ctl.
2 p. m. Session.
Sesgfon 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
DtcMnber ...... 97% 88% - »7% . 98%
Feed. $1 02%Ql 05; Brewing. $1 07%-Bl 10;
Chevalier. $1 10@l 15 for fair to choice.
CASH BARLEY,
Open. High. Low. Close.
D«-cemb«r ...$1 32% $1 32% $1 32% $1 :f ,
BARLEY — There were no receipts yeBter
day, and this, with the continued strength in
Whf>at. gave futures a further advance. The
cash sraln was fairly active at the range given
below, with the bulk of the business at $1 03%.
as $1 05 was more of an asking than a selling
price.
The stock en hand in the State June 1 ap
pears in the first column.
2 p. m. Session.
: ¦ ¦ *¦¦ i-'pcn. II iph, Low, - Closfl
December . ..$1 :il'^ $1 3.T $1 32U $1 33
California Club. $1 27%<?1 33: California
White Australian, $1 52%@1 57%: Northern
Club. $1 30Q1 40; Northern Bluestem. $1 60
®1 55 per ctl.
CASH WHEAT.
WHEAT FREIGHT8— The last spot charter,
drawn a few days ago, was at 17s 3d J usual
European options. The chartered Wheat fleet
in port has a registered tonnage of 6462,
aga'nst 3012 tons on the same date last year;
disengaged, 85,400 tons against 84,140; on the
way to this port. 273.200 tons, against 425,670.
WHEAT— Foreign futures were weak. The
Auntro-Hungarlan crop is estimated at 117,
600,000 bushels, against 157.600,000 in 1903.
Chicago was somewhat higher, with trader*
covering on Bradstreet's large decrease of
4.COO.0OO bushels In the visible supply.
The private Chicago wires of Mitchell. Mul
cahy & Co.. said: "There was not much
selling pressure and the few shorts* put out
yebterday were disposed to cover to-day. For
eign i markets dull and without much change.
Weather throughout the West Is fine and tem
perature Ideal for the advancement of the
crops. Cash situation la slow and. although
eash premiums are maintained.' the demand is
from hand-to-mouth character. Primary re
ceipts in excess of a year ago. The Dally
Trade Bulletin makes the world's visible sup
ply 142,000,000 bushels, against I54.0O0.0CO a
month ago. Ten millions of this decrease was
in tho American visible supply. Last year the
world's vlelblc supply was 120,000.000 bushels.
Broom hall cables that the drought continues
In Southeastern Europe and that recent rain*
had benefited the Russian 'crop, .also that Rus
sian Interior reserves are good, but holders firm
In their views, and that France will carry
over 15 per cent of their old crop. The Illinois
State report was bearish and the Government
weekly report was about neutral. The outlook
Is a dull cne. but -with favorable weather wq
think it will be difficult to maintain an ad
vancing market."
In this market the cash grain was firm, with
sales of California Club at $1 30 in warehouse
at Port Costa, and Northern Bluestem at $1 53.
Futures were higher.
The stock on hand In the State June 1 ap
pears In the first column.
Wheat and Other grains.
NEW YORK. June 7. — There was decline' of
17s Cd to £121 10s for spot and £121 2s M
for futures In the London tin market. In con
nection with a light demand In the weakness
In the local market and spot tin closed at
$26 62%02O 75.
Copper advanced 6s In London. clo»inr at
$56 7s lid for both spot and futures. Locally
copper is quiet, but steady. Lake Is quoted
at $12.87%; electrolytic, $12 «52%(gl2 87%,
and casting at $12 37%^12 60.
Lead wag unchanged locally at $4 250i 35
for Jobbing lots. In London prices were Is 3d
lower at £27 ild.
Spelter also declined in London about 2s 6d,
and closed : at .£21 17s lid, while the local
market remained without further change at
$4 T5fi4 87%. Iron closed at 57s In Glasgow
and 47» In Middlesboro.
Locally iron wae quiet, but easy In tone.
No. 1 foundry Northern is quoted at $14 ZiOQ
15; No. 2 foundry Northern at $14$} 14 60; No.
1 foundry Southern n.nd No. 1 foundry South
ern soft. $13 25(f 13 75.
Plglron warrants are weak at $9. . V'." ' ¦¦
Nczu York Metal Market.
There was no change In rates aside from an
advance of %c In 811ver.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 SB
Sterling- Exchange, sight — 4 88
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 88%
New York* Exchange, sight — 02%
New* York | Exchange, telegraphic. — C3
Silver, per ounce ', — .-.'. 65%
Mexican Dollars 45 @ —
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Another advance In Eggs is noted and they
are very firm. Receipts are more moderate
than they have been., and a» the demand for
local consumption is brisk the tone of th«
market has greatly strengthened during the
past few days. Another source of strength Is
the bullishness of importers of Eastern goods.
who are trying to get the market up as high
as possible for the benefit of the Eastern
article.
Butter shows no change whatever. The sup
ply Is kept heavy by continued largo receipts.
Cheese, too, is still In heavy stock and weak.
L-ontrary to expectations. Butter Is not show
ing much effect of last week's '. hot wave,
though It may in a day or so. -
Receipts were 119.300 lbs Butter. 1549 c/lfs
Efcss and aS0O lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. lS%@We
for extra, and 17%©lSc for firsts; dairy? 1W*
lnaf° : S Butter . 13S15c; cold storage, nom
t;'"^SE—8«8%c for good to choice new
and Bwrc : for lower grades; Young Americas,
ptr io° : "'"'' 12% ® Uc : W«rtern. n@a2c
,;F G °?^ n £ nch - 20l 3 2 3c for fair to choice;
store, ie®19c; Eastern. 16%©lSc.
Butter, pheese and Eggs.
General Merchandise.
SEATTLE." June 7. — Clearings, $784,794;
balance. $122,672.
TACOMA. June 7.— Clearings, $309 317: bal
ance. $42,438.
• PORTLAND, June 7.— Clearings. $1,032,529;
balance, $6" 000.
SPOKANE. June 7.— Clearings, $361,772:
balance $55,4.04.
Northern .Business.
Silver advances %c. Excliange undisturbed.
Wall-street Stocks advance somewhat and Cotton also higher.
Local Bonds sell very well, but Stocks neglected.
Produce Exchange issues statement of Grain Stocks.
Wheat and Barley Futures high cr. Freights quiet.
Weather Bureau reports considerable damage by drying zvinds.
Oats, Corn and Rye well held at previous prices.
Lima Beans in diminished supply and firmer.
Bran advanced. Middlings easier. Hay as before.
Demand for Flour showing some improvement. Millstuffs quiet.
Nczu Potatoes firm under light receipts.
Onions still coming in from Australia. Vegetables plentiful
Poultry market well supplied and weak.
Plenty of fresh Fruits coming in.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins dull and featureless.
Provisions still slow, with liberal stocks.
Wool if higher and moving out briskly.
Hops quiet and unchanged. Salted Hides in good demand.
Beef. Mutton and Pork still weak and depressed.
Butter steady, Cheese weak and Eggs still higher.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, June 7. — Wheat unchanged. Blue
stsify 82c; club, 72c. „
PORTLAND. June 7. — WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 71c; bluestcm, 79c; valley, 80c./ .
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
The third car of Western Poultry for the
week was received and was distributed among
a few leading retailers. Another.car falls due
to-day. The receipts of domestic stork were a
littleness than fifty coops and the market was
weak* for everything except large young Roos
ters and Fryers. Receipts from the West con
sist almost entirely of Hens, and California
Hens are very weak In. consequence.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 15«16c per lb:
Geese, per pair. *1 25@1 50; Goslings, $1 50®
1 75: Ducks.' $4@5 per dozen' for old and
$4 50@5 60 for young; Hens, $5 50®6 50 for
large and $1 6X>35 for small: young Roosters.
$7 SO<g!>: old Roosters. $4 50@5; Fryers, $5 50®
6 50: Broilers, $3@4 for large and J2 23«2 50
for small; Pigeons. (1 50 per dozen for old and
$1 75«2 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. |i 50 per dozen; Rabbits. $1 75
(82 for Cottontails and $1 per dozen for brush.
Poultry and Game.
The following quotations are for good, sound"
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco leaa to
per cent for shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 7%<§f»%c; Cows and Heif
ers. 6%<S7c; thin Cows. 4J|5c per Ib.
CALVES— 4©4%c per Ib (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3Vi®3%c; Ewes 2"i«3o
per lb (gross weight). " '
I-AMBS-42 25«« 50 per head.
HOGS— Live Hog«, 140 to 200 rb», 8c:
20O to 230 lbs. 4%c; over 23O lbs. 4Uc; »oft
Hogs, nominal; Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars.
50 per cent off. and Stags 40 per cent off from
above quotations. «
DRESSED MEAT3.
Wholesale rate* from slaughterers to de*I«r»
are as follows: > >.
BEEF— «@7c for Steers and 5®6o per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 8@7c; small. 7%®9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. &%$7c; Ewea. 5%S6%o
per lb. ¦
LAMB— 7@8c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 6%ie8%e per Ib.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
lower quotations, especially for Beef. Other
wise taera Is nothing of Interest to report.
rE. ?J ££* PauK 6 ' 800 141 ¦ 133 ?i 14 °H
Ch Mil & st P pfd ..... t. 175%
Chi Term & Trans. 100 -. 6% 6% «
t. C C & Kt Louis eg
Colo Southern : i3«
Colo South 1st pfd .... i«
& Jj 11 ' 2<1 P«. 300 16% 17% 18
De Lack U i S w •;•' 70 ° 153 *» U8& ' 153* I
i»*l lxick & West 2CSH '
?»% *!&%<: , 200 ]*« 19 El
&&&'®ti££. :*» 34 » 33 * g»
n.7 ?k ! nK^ ValIey pfd 10 ° ™# 79% 79
Illinois Central 300 129fc! r>0 12S
Iowa Central 300 14% 14 U
Iowa Central pfd.. .... .... .... 3*
K C Southern ..'... ¦ " •••• ••-- jqi>
j^Wffi £ ™ M gg i|
5S It^ASf Sfp25 - 1 - eo ° 6l * *»rj?
MUBOuri Pacific ... 2.CO0 66" SS>' " 89%
M^Ka^Aex'pia 3 °° "* M * ' £*
NtRRofMexpfd .:" ::;; ;;;; .fjc
N Y Central - 1,300 115 114U UiK'
S^»-.:!° "« »< r>
OnUrio & Western 61,100 25% 24«4 24T4
8 :!?? 114 « U3^ fa*
R:SiBVpfd-::: 74 : 500 «* «* S
Reading 2d i>fd ... 300 63% eh\i 63
Rock Island Co 4,300 20V4 lfttt 20*4
Rock Island Co pfd 600 «3H 63 63ii
St L & S F 2d pfd ". . 42*!
St Louis S W 100 11 11 : n
Pt Louis S W pfd.. 100 28 28 28
Southern Pacific .. 400.. 45U 45% 46*4
Southern Railway.. 1,500 ." 20 ] i 19% 20V4
Southern Ry pfd... 100 S3 N S3 82*i
Texa« & Pacific . . . 300 20% 20>4 20ii
To! Kt L & West.. 100 22 V4 22 V4 22 ii
Tol St L & W pfd. 2IK) 85 34% 35
Union Pacific 6.100 S3% 81!% S2^
Union Pacific pfd 91
Wabash 1541
Wabath pfd 400 34 33% 33*1
W & Lake Erie 14'
I Wisconsin Central.. 100 1««4 16%' 16W
\VU Ont pfd 100 37 37 37T» '
Mexican Central .. 700 7 «% 0% ;
Express Companies —
Adams .... 225
American «... ISO
United States 100
Wells-FarKO 200
; Mlscellanfous —
Amal Copper 5,500 49% 4fl 49%
Amer Car & F.... 200 16% 10% 16V4
Amer Car * F pfd. 200 70% 70% 70 .
Amer Cot Oil 400 27 26% 2fi%
Amer Cot Oil pfd 8S •¦
Amer Ice 6%
• Amer Ice pfd .... .... 25%
Amer L Oil 7V4 1
Amer L Oil pfd , .... 23
Amer Loco 100 IB 19 19
Amer Loco pfd ¦ MH4
Amer S & Ref l.flno 52H 62 62% i
Amer S & Ref pfd. 400 9~V 4 B7U 97U !
Amer Sugar Rpf... 900 125% 125 125%
Anaconda Mln Co 73 :
Brooklyn R Transit 5.2f)O 47V, 4fl% 47 . I
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 200 28% 28% 28%
Cons Qas l.OfjO 203% 203** 203^
Corn Products 100 lOVi 10% 10%
Corn Products pfd 64%
DUtillrs" Securities 20%
General Electric ... 155
Inter Paper 100 10% 10% 10%
Inter Pappr pfd <W}4
Inter Pump 200 SI. 20 30 ;
Inter Pump pfd 70
Nat Lead 500 20 19?, 19%
Nor American 81
People's Gas 100 05% 95% 85U i
Pressed S Car 25%
Pressed S Car pfd. 100 6S 68 07%
Pullman Pal Car 210%
Republic Steel .... 100 6V4 6',4 6',I
Republic Steel pfd. :«*) 38% 38 8««,i
Rubber Goods 15
Rubber Goods pfd- 75
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 900 34 33 33%
U S Leather 200 «% 6% «%
V S Leather pfd.. 400 8n% f*m 80%
U S Realty 100 6H «Vi 6Vi
IT S Realty pfd... 700 59 59 59
V S Rubber 300 1« 15^ .15%
U S Rubber pfd... 2()0 66U 66 64%
17 S Steel 900 9 8T4 • 8t»
U S Steel pfd 10,800 .I.".*; 52»i 51%
Westinghouie Elec. 100 154% 154% 154
Western Union .... 200 86 86 86^4
Total sales 18B.500
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, June 7.— No bond transac
tions to-<*.ay.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid $4; asked, $4 12%. Preferred,
bid (34 75: asked. $35.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U 8 ref 2s reg.-104%|L & N unified 4s. 101%
Da coupon 105 I Man con gold 4s. 103%
Do 3» reg 105%|Mex Cent 4s 62
Do coupon 106 j Do 1st lnc 12%
Do new 4s reg. l.J2%| Minn & St L 4s. im;;.
Do coupon 132% M K & Tex 4s... »8%
Do »'ld la reg. 106 Do 2ds 77
D>t coupon 107 NR of Mex con 4s. 74
Atch gen 4s 101% NYC gen 3%s.. »1»>4
Do adj 4s 9Hi N J C gen Os 131
Atlantic C L 4s. D5% Nor Pac 4* 104 IJ
Hal & Ohio 4s... 101% Do 3s 72X4
Do 3%s 01% Nor & W con 4s. l»S?i
Central of Ga 5s. 107% OSL 4s & partle. 95
Do 1st lnc 72% Pa conv 3%s 05"-i
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO4 Rfading iren 4s... mik
Chi & Alton 3%s. 79 H L A I M con 5s.ll4H
C. B & Q new 4s. Id*: S L & S F fg 4s. M»,,
CM & SP gn 4s.lO9M,|St I^ouls SW lsts. 02
C & NW con 7s. 127% I Seaboard A L 4e. 70 V4
C. R I & Pac 4s. «7?4 So Pacific 4s 93%
Do col 5s 7S%|8o Railway 0* 116
C.C.C & SLirn 4s. 09% j Tex & Pac lets.. 110
Chi Term 4s 73% IT St L & XV 4s. 70%
Cons Tobacco 4*. 62% Union Pacific 4s..lC4 T £
Colo & Bo 4s 82% Do conv 4s 9714
C F * I con 6s. ?»% U 8 Steel 2d 6s.. 73%
Den & Rio G 4s. 09% Wabaeh lstn 115%
Erie prior Hen 4s. 08% Do deb B 67Vi
Do gen 4« 85 W & L Erie 4s.'.. 83%
F W & D C lsts.104% Wls Central 4s... 90
Hock Val 4%s....lO7U
NEW YORK MINING , STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 05
Alice 35 Ontario 3 75
Brvece 10 Ophlr 4 23
Rruns Con 14 Phoenix 10
Com Tunnel .... 08 Potosi 14
Con Cal & Va... 1 30 Savage 23
Horn Silver 1 33 Sierra Nev 35
Iron Silver 1 M) Small Hopes .... 15
Leadvllle Con ... 021 Standard 2 30
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money — »• ' ' United Fruit ...,110'i
Can loans ....2%<?3% U S Steel 8'4
Time loans ...3%<M% Do pfd 63%
Bonds — Westing Common. 77
Atchlson 4s 100% Mining-
Do adj 4s 90% Adventure m
Mrx Cent 4s ....59 Allourz" .v*i,
Railroads — Amal Copper .... 40%
Atohlson 69% Amer Zinc 9%
Do pfd :. 02% Atlantic s'
Boston & Albany.239% Blngham 2o«i
Boston Elev 142% Calumet & Hecla.44.1
Fitchbunc pfd. ...134 Centennial 19
Mex Central fl% Copper'Range ... 4isj
N Y. N II & H..187% Daly West ....... 24
Pere Marquftte. . . C9"!i Dam Coal j«
Union Pacific.... 83U Franklin 7
Miscellaneous — Grancy »%
Amer Argo Chem. 14 Isle Royale 714
Do pfd 73 Mass Mining .... 8W
Amer Pn«u Tube. 4V4 Michigan 314
Amer Sugar ....125% Mohawk 49
Do pfd 125 Mont Coal & Coke 8%
Amer Tel & Tel. 125 Old Dominion ... 12V4
Amer Woolen ... 10 Osceola ' mi?
Do Pfd 74U Parrot '"' 23,'f
Dora Iron *• 8... 9 Tamarack SS
Ed Elect Ilium.. 235 U S Mining ..*' • iW
Gen Electric 155 III S Oil... oiu
Mass Electric... lS^IUtah ".'."' 34 y
Mass Gas '.. 3n%| Victoria " Jg
Un Shoo Mach... 4S%|Winona r,u
Do pfd .29. 1 Wolverine ....'.'.. 71**
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for acct.90 11-1B Nor & WcBtern... B5«
Anaconda' 3% Do pfd rb
Atchtnon 71V4 Ont & We«tern..'.' i»!Ui
Do pfd S3 PennsyH-anla 60U'
Bal & Ohio R0% Rand Mines ..." iow
Can Pacific 120Ti Readinif .... £$
Ches & Ohio 30% Do 1st pfd."" 39 '*
Chi Gr»-at West.. 14 Do 2d pfd.. 12
Chi. Mil & St P.143U So Railway .. 201'
De Beers 10% Do pfd .... ' 04*'
Den & Rio O.... 19% So Taclflc .... " Tab
Do P*d «n Union Pacific .... S51I
Erie 24 Do pfd .... 04
Do 1st pfd....« 58% U 8 StpM ..V oti
Do2dpfd 33 I Do pfd ...... «S
111 Central 133 Wabaeh ....."" ¥**
Loul« & Na*h...ion*il Do pfd .... ; B414
M. K & Texas... 16%|Spanish 4 !.* 84%
: NY Central 117%l •••"•• °*%.
Par silver— Firm. 25%d per ounce.
Money — 1*1<52 per cent.
v Tlle J^, te . of « dl8ccmnt ln thc e Pen market for
short blUs Is 2 per cent and for three months"
bills 2 per cent.
Condition of the Treasury,
-WASHIN.GTON, June .7.— To-day's ; state
ment of the Treasury balance shows: Avail
able cash balance, 1164,049,325; gold - $6S,-
S57,0SQL
•New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, June . 7.— FLOUR— Receipts,
33.CO0 barrels: exports, 11,700 barrels. Inac- 1
tlve.. . . •
. WHEAT— Receipts. 108,000 bushels. Spot, |
5"/. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, June 7. — Wool, steady. Medium
grades, combing and clothing, 18@23Hc; light
fine, 15@18c; heavy One. 12015c; tub washed
21@32c.
Asparagus. 4@6c per lb: Rhubarb. 75®83e per
box; Green Peas. $1 50@l 75 per sack; Garden
Peas, 3@3%c per Ib; String and Wax Beans,
5@Se per lb;. Tomatoes. (I 50@l "5 per
box or crate for Los Angeles and $1 .'0<a2 for
Mexican (repacked); Summer Squash, 63c®$l
per box; Cabbage. $1 \ per ctl; Carrots,
$1 25 per pack; Cucumbers, 50(Q75c per dozen;
do, Marysville, $1 75 per box; Garlic. 5#6c per
lb: Egg Plant. 7%®10c per lb; Dried Peppers,
Si^lOc for sun-dried and 12%f|13c per lb tot
evaporated: Dried Okra. lS'.iifl.'c per lb: Green
Peppers. t'&lOc per lb for Los Angeles and
12»iJfl3c for Mexican: Marrowfat Squash. Job
bing, at l^®2e per lb.
fine medium, 10@17e; medium. 17@18c; ' low
medium, 17018c. '
Utah and Nevada— Fine 15%@16%c: heavy
fine. 13914c; fine medium. 16@17c; medium,
19iS20c; low medium, 19@21c. , .'.
Montana — Fine choice, 18@19c: fine aver
age. 17@18c; fine medium choice, lSftiOc; av
erage, ¦ 10@17c; staple, 19@20c; medium choice,
19620c.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market con
tinues quiet and unchanged, with holders ask
ing full recent prices. Common are quoted at
4<g5ftc; prime, 5%@5»ic; choice, 6@6%c;
fancy, 7c.
PRUNES — Show little feature; demand
continues of a hand to mouth character and
the tone Is rather in favor of buyers. Prices
range from 2%c to 6%c. according to grade.
APRICOTS — Are quiet, but there is no
pressure and prices rule about firm. Choice
are quoted at 0%@10c; extra choice, 10>4@
10%c; fancy, lljgiac.
PEACHES — Are also quiet on the spot, but
futures are at a larfre demand and the market
shows considerable firmness. - Choice are quot
ed at 7@7Uc: extra choice, 7%@8c, and fancy,
9%©10c.
i PETROLEUM— Easy. , .
} SUGAR— Raw, nominal: fair refining, S%c;
centrlfusal. 08 test. 3%c; molasses, sugar.
3%c; reflned, steady; No. 6, 4.50c; No. T, 4.45c;
No 8, 4.40c; No. 9 4.35c; No. 10, 4.30c; No.
11. 4.25c: NO. 12. 4.20c; No. 13. 4.15c; No. 14,
4.10c; confectioners' A, 4.76c;. mold A. 6.25c;
cutloaf, - 5.60c: crushed. 5.60c; powdered, 5c;
granulated, 4.90c; cubes. 5.15c.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. steady; No. 7 Invoice,
3%c; mild, quiet: Cordova, 8%©13c. The
market for coffee futures closed firm at a net
advance of 101j15 points. Total sales, 18,500
baps. Including: June, 5.50@5.55c; July, 5.60
<§5.63c: September, 6.S0@5.90c; December,
6.10®«.20c; March, 6.35@6.45c; May, 0.58®
6.65c.
DRIED FRUITS. .
firm; No. 2 red,' nominal elevator, $1 14% t.
o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 £6% f.
6. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal f.
o. b. afloat. Options opened barely steady,
o wins ' to easy cables and favorable weather,
but at once recovered ' and were firm all day.
The close was %0%c net higher. > Juty,
92%@93 7-16c, closed 83%c; . September,
81 15-16S85 13-16c. closed 85%c; December,
84%685%c, closed Bi%c. "
HOPS— Quiet. . .
HIDES— Steady. .
WOOL— Steady. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE S, "1904?
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
£& fe* £*
AUCTION SALE at ARCADE HORSB
MARKET. 327 SIXTH ST.. WEDNESDAY.
June H, at 11 a. m. I will sell fifty good horses.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. ¦William S. Eames of the firm of
Eames & Lewis,, architects at St.
Louis, called upon Customs Collector
Stratton yesterday to consult -with
him regarding the . proposed new Cus
tom-house building, their plans for
the same having been accepted by the
Government. Mr. Eames Is delighted
with San- Francisco and its climata "
Custom-Hoase Architect Calls.
' Drummers for "Old Gilt* Edge'! whiskey al
ways have "the. best the town affords.'/ < They
carry It .with *,them,i In- fact. : ¦-.,''.'¦¦
GETS JUDGMENT ON NOTE.— Judge Heb
bard yesterday gave ¦ Agnes Hooper s Judgment
for $4650 ' against Lizzie ', M. : ¦ Donovan, ex
ecutrix of the , estate of !M. J. Donovan. ¦ She
sued . to : recover on a note made In her favor
by Donovan in ISO.?.
This Is ealraon ftsh'.ns time In Monterey Bay
and. many fishermen > who enjoy this excltlne
sport ate at HotcV del Monte. Here is a novel
vacation, offering a peculiar combination of at
tractions. ' The salmon fisherman may leave
his wife and family at the hotel in the enjoy
ment of every comfort while he spends his days
In angling luxury on the bay. Already, many
have taken advantage of this chance for an
outtng and othert .are planning the trip Del
Monte Is more -popular, than ever thta season
with golf, .bowling, tennis, automoblling rid
ing, driving, and. fishing as the chief allure
ments. ¦ ¦ - \ ' •
Salmon Fishing at Monterey.
The waterfalls In Yosemite Valley are superb
this year, the melting enow having- . • welled
all the streams to Immense volume. Thou
sands are enjoying:, the wonderful . sight of
these (alls, which thunder down from stupen
dous belj-hts. ¦ .• ¦- ¦¦ . ¦ - ' ' •.
The Southern Pacific route to Yosemite takes
one there In the easiest way. The stage road
from Raymond Is oiled and smooth,', and . u
the only road ¦ that' reaches the finest of the
big trees. If ' you ' want -to go .comfortably,
a«k about "the Raymond-Wawona ¦ route", at
013 Market street. Ban Francisco. . . : • .
Fall Waterfalls Make Yosemlte GIo
<*';.->«*. 1 4 rlous. .
W. Kanelakis, a peddler, with a
6tand on the beach near the' Cliff
House, does not intend to allow the
Park Commissioners to move him if an
appeal to the courts will prevent their
action. Yesterday he filed a suit for
an injunction- restraining: the Chief of
Police from carrying out the orders of
the Commissioners and compelling
him to dispose of 'his wares at- some
other place than the beach. He avers
that neither the Commissioners nor
the Chief of 'Police have any right to
disturb him. When the suit was filed
Judgre Hunt refused to. isfiue a re
straining order, but he did issue an or
der directing the Chief and the r Com
missioners to appear before 'him: next
Friday- to show cause why the prayer
of Kanelakis should not .be granted.'
Peddler Objects to Removal.
FT^CERAL I'AKTV IN DANGER.— Owing
to an unmanageable horse attached to a car-
Tla**. which wu conveying a funeral party to
Jloiy Cross Cemetery yesterday, a serious
accident might have resulted on Ocean avenue
but for the tira*ly assistance of Joseph Wolf.
*rho iucceeded In brinrintr the bolting home
to a ctacdstlll. He w«s aided by Policeman
Carroll. .. ... ...
Justice of the Peace Goldner of
Jackson, Amador County, has fined
Chris Bav» $25 for killing doves during
the close season.
I The Fish Commission has Just made
a successful plant of 60,000 young
trout in Paper Mill Creek. Austin
Creek and other branches'of Russian
River. It is expected that the fish
will come down Into the bay waters
and later return to the * localities
where they .were liberated. The com
mission has also exchanged 60.000
steelhead trout eggs for 200,000 Lake
Tahoe tro.ut eggs. The steelheads
were successfully planted in the
Great Lakes and It is thought that
they will do well in Lake Tahoe. . ,
Superior Judge Buckles of Solano
County has ordered the destruction of
four large salmon nets, which were
seized by the Fish Commissioners in
Sulsun Bay several days ago.
Work of Stocking Waters of State
With Desirable Varieties of Trout
Is Progressing Rapidly.
FISH COMMISSIONERS
PLANT 50,000 EGGS
One of the- great features of the St.
Louis Fair will be the athletic events.
JCew champions will be made almost
£ally. Now buy that gas range from San
Francisco Gas and Electric Co. •
Parah A. Winans. housewife, Calls
togru, filed a petition in Insolvency yes
terday in the United States District
Court. She owes $9579 and has no as
sets. Her heaviest creditor is Sarah
Kliza Winans on a promissory note
for $7867.
Insolvent Housewife.
Evans was. shipping clerk for .Uie
Moraghan Osytgr Company In the Cal
ifornia Market and . roomed in the
house of Mrs. Marnell .'at . 730»£ Harri
son street. He was engaged to be mar
ried to an estimable young lady of this
city, but the loss of all his savings In
midnight games of poker rendered his
prospective marriage uncertain. Brood-
Love, whisky and the American
game of poker, one of which took away
his heart, other, his brains and the
other his money, impelled R. J. Evans
to take his life early yesterday morn-
Ing, r
Divorces were .granted- to Ella Rus
sell from Colton Russell for desertion,
Olga Sijjur from Alexander Sigur. for
neglect. Alice T... Little from W. T.
Little for desertion, and Katherine
Schaumloeffel from Henry Schaum
loeffeL . " /
Suits for divorce were filed by.Min
nie L. Roy (nee Carter) against Charles
G. Roy for neglect. Maud P. Dlx
against Charle.s W. Dlx for' desertion,
Clara M. Rothschild against Charles 'E.-
Rothschild for . desertion, Josephine , M.
Roten against C. M. Roten for deser
tion, Margaret V. Mulcahey against
John Joseph Mulcahey, a weigher. In
the Custom-house, for cruelty, and M.
A. C. Chris tesen against AnnleChris
tesen for cruelty.
Dorothy A. Osmun was granted *a de
cree of divorce from Dr. F. H. Osmun
of 1604 Leavenworth . •; street on: the
ground of desertion. ¦ The doctor has
agreed to pay her $100 a month alintony
until she remarries.
Awarded $100 to defray the cost of her
defense. This sum, • she says, ig in
sufficient, and she asks the court to al
low her such further ' sum as , he be
lieves will enable her to make a prop
er defense. ¦ '¦' '•>•¦'••*
Edith May Partello Madden, de T
fendant in . the sensational suit for di
vorce brought by Captain •" John A-
Madden, U. S. A., filed notice yesterday
that she would on next Friday ask
Judge Hebbard to allow her additional
counsel fees. In an affidavit accom
panying the notice she. says, she In
tends to produce evidence- refuting
every charge made against her by her
husband, but that in order to do so she
must have the means. She is already
receiving $100 a month alimony/by^r
der of Judge Hebbard, , and has been
William Johnson, a colored man, is
In the "tanks" at the City Prison pend
ing developments. He' was arrested
by Policemen Farrell and Behan while
trying to sell a lady's jacket, valued
at $15. to a second-hand dealer at 508
Dupont street. He acknowledged that
lie had stolen the jacket from a de
livery wagon on Geary street. He also
admitted having stolen a suit of
clothes and two pairs of shoes from
another delivery wagon, which- he had
sold to the same dealer. The police
are looking for the owner of the stolen
articles.
Steals From Delivery Wagons.
Shipping Clerk Evans Does
Away With Himself After
Gambling Off His Money
Asks Court to Compel Her
Husband to Increase His
Allowance Pending Suit
. Charles Moraghan said ' yesterday
that Evans was not short j in his ac
counts. 1
The suicide ' had been a member of
the Foresters and. the Eagles, but had
withdrawn from both societies. _'.;
ing over his gambling losses made him
take to drink and in a moment of de
spondency he committed suicide.
When he left his employer's office last
Monday afternoon he took with him a
revolver owned by H. McKnew. At 6:15
vesterday morning Mrs. Marnell
heard a pistol shot coming from the di
rection of Evans' room. The 6hot was
heard also by George Dryner, who oc
cupied a room adjoining that of Evans.
They found the unfortunate man sit
ting in bed, propped up by pillows. His
head and night shirt were covered with
blood! On the bed, close to his right
hand, lay the revolver from which the
shot had been fired. A powder-burned
hole in the right temple showed where
the bullet had entered.
Stockton is to enjoy the privilege
soon of seeing a through overland
Southern Pacific train pass in and out
of Its city * limits. Yesterday the
Southern Pacific Company announced
that beginning on Sunday train No. 6.
leaving here at 6 p. m., will go East
by way of Stockton Instead of Benicia
as at present, which will make a dif
ference of two hours in its arrival at
Reno, but will give the Slough City
and the. stations between it and this
city whatever benefits may be derived
from the eastbound traffic.
• This will be the first time that the
regular overland trains - have run by
way of Stockton since the Benioia
route was established by the South
ern Pacific Company. On Sunday
there will also be a change in the run
ning time of the Portland train. In
stead of leaving here at 1 p. m. Its
departure time will be 8:05 and the
train which now leaves for Reno at
8:05 will leave at 7 o'clock. The lat
ter, by reason of the shorter route,
will reach Reno two hours In advance
of No. 6. The changes are the result
of the frequent appeals of the people
of Stockton for a through overland
service. . ;:,';,:¦ - : j :y^- \ :
Southern Pacific Company Makins
Several Changes fn Running Time
of Its Trains.
MRS. MADDEN
NEEDS MONEY
LOVE AND RUM
CAUSE SUICIDE
STOCKTOX TO BE PLACED
OX THE OVERLAXD ROUTE
Colonel Beck ? was recalled to the
stand and in answer to questions on
direct examination by Attorney Camp,
bell said , he had always had' absolute
faith in the integrity of the" defendant.
When Eppinger. represented -that" he
had wheat stored i In -the warehouse 'at
Crockett the .witness, unhesitatingly,
took his wordvfor -it, and* loaned, him
money at B% ; per % cent, : valuing ¦ the
wheat at $22 a ton!. He also -believed
In the validity of . the warehouse re
ceipts. The case will be resumed this
morning. - :
. If the attorneys In the Epplnger case
are endeavoring to gain time they suc
ceeded splendidly yesterday. The en
tire morning session and part of the
afternoon was occupied by the court in
listening to the arguments of oppos
ing counsel on a point of law. When
the case was called Colonel F. E. Beck,
manager of the International Banking
Corporation, resumed the stand. He
was questioned regarding a transaction
.with the defendant on April .11, when
a loan of $17,000 was made to Eppinger.
As.Eppinger is being tried for obtain
ing JS900 on : April 14 the attorneys for
the defense objected to any reference
being made to other transactions.
Judge Lawlor excused the Jury that
the point might . be argued^- without
danger of prejudice.
The prosecution contended that the
loans made on April 11 and April 14
were all part of the same transaction
and were the result of a conversation
wherein Colonel ¦ Beck agreed to ad
vance Eppinger & Co. $25,000, taking
warehouse receipts for wheat stored at
Crockett as security. The attorneys
for the defense on the otner hand.ar
gued that Jacob Eppinger was, being
tried on an Indictment charging him
with fraud committed on. ! April -14,
when he secured $8900 from the Inter
national Banking Corporation' on ware
house receipts. • Other acts o*, his or
oral agreements" made at a previous
time they claimed should not be ad
mitted. . y 1 :
The stand taken by the defense was
sustained ..by Judge Lawlor, -who, in
his_opinlon, said: ;¦ ¦• . *
"The offense is, alleged to have , been
committed on April 14, when false rep
resentations were -made. There" have
been Introduced In evidence. three ware
house receipts and two' insurance' poli
cies. It Is now sought to connect cer
tain conversations . and . acts prior -to
April 14 with the transactions on that
date. The court, is of the/opinion that
the two were distinct transactions and
might be made the' basis of, separate
charges. The -objection Is sustained."
SCENE IN SUPERIOR JLTXJB LAWI<OR'fi COURT TE9TERDAT WHEN ATTORNEY J. C, CAMPBELL WAS ARGUiNG A POINT
FOR THE PROSECUTION IN THE TRIAL. OF JACOB EPPiNGER. 'CHARGED WITH A FELONY IN OBTAINING MONET
ON WORTHLESS WAREHOUSE RECEIPTS. ¦
subject of investigation by Colonel
Pratt, inspector general. ¦
The roads through the Presidio are
shortly to be oiled, which will be of
great benefit to those quartered there,
as well as those who drive through the
post., ¦ Wi-'r.
Lucky Heir Wanted.
Mrs. Christ Hye of 2850 Earta ave
nue. St. Louis, has written to Post
master Fisk inquiring for the where
abouts of Wilhelm Christian Heinrtch
Beck, who, she says, hag been left
an Inheritance in Germany.
ent. camps.
Followlng the review, General Mac-
Arthur and staff were entertained at
luncheon by Colonel Morris and . then
the general inspection of the post took
place. ¦; •
The. following transfers were made at
the . request of the officers concerned:
Captain Houston V.. Evans from the
Thirteenth Infantry to the Eighth In
fantry; Captain Peyton G. Clark. from
the Eighth- Infantry to the Thirteenth
Infantry. Company L. .
The conduct of - Captain Frank ' L..
Cook, who was arrested for disturb
ing the peace here last week. Is still the
Uncle Sam's troops made a brilliant
showing: in the annual review before
General MacArthur on the golf links at
the .Presidio yesterday morning.
Everything was in favor of the in
spection. The day was cloudless, the
temperature mild - and there was" al
.most no wind at all. Shortly before 9
o'clock the troops were drawn up on
the south side of the golf links In the
following order: .Commencing near the
golf clubhouse was the Coast Artillery
on foot, under command of Colonel
Charles Morris. Next came the Tenth
Infantry, under command of Colonel
Charles E. Noble. Then the Twenty
eighth Infantry, in command of Colonel
William L. Pitcher. Then four battal
ions of artillery, under command of
Captain . John L. Hayden, Captain
Charles A. Bennett, Captain Ira A.
Haynes and Captain A. S. Conklln. On
the extreme western wing was the
third squadron of the Ninth Cavalry,
in command of Colonel Edwin A. God
win.
} Promptly at 9 o'clock General Mac-
Arthur, accompanied by his aides,-Ma
jor —Parker "W. West and Captain
Frank" L.. Winn, with Colonel George
Andrews, came on the field. They were
received by a grand fanfare of trump
ets and the major general's salute of
thirteen guns was fired from a battery
of artillery situated on the brow of the
hill. General MacArthur and staff took
up their stand near the northern line
of the links, immediately after which
the regiments headed by Colonel Mor
ris passed before him In review. They
presented a brilliant appearance.
Flags waved in the air and bright
accouterments and drawn sabers flash
ed in the sunshine. So soon as the in
fantry and foot artillery had passed
the reviewing stand they took their
places on the brow of the hill, where
they remained at' rest until the review
was over. The artillery and cavalry
then swung into line and passed before
the reviewing officer' at a trot. On the
third round they made the turn under
full gallop, which was the event of the
day. " "
. ; The cavalry, vrlth sabers drawn, sent
up a great shout as they dashed by the
commanding officer, which was re
echoed by the applause from hundreds
of • people who lined the links and
perched all over the bunkers. The en
joyment of the day was greatly height
ened by the martial music of the three
splendid bands which played alternate
ly during the exercises. The maneu
vers concluded at 10 o'clock, when the
several troops returned to their dlffer-
fare and arms by a falling plank.
George Ashby. one of Miller & Lux's
» cowbeys, and Milton Schuster, simi
larly employed bv Johnson & Co..
Tvere kicked bv the horses thev were
trying to save and were severely
bruised. Their injuries were attended
to at the Poirero Emergency Hospital.
From the score of slaughter-houses
flown the avenue men poured forth
•with buckets, axes and hose, and long
before the Fire Department's engines
could reach the scene a very respect-
Sable impromptu flre brigade was doing
trood work in tearing up the planking,
locating the burning timbers beneath
the roadway and turning on such
feeble streams of water as their one-
Inch hose could throw.
The nearest engine-houses are about
equally distant from Butchertown — one
st the Potrero station on Twentieth
etreet. the other down at Fifteenth
avenue. Fortunately, however, sev
eral engines were near bv. a cottage
belonging to Patrick O'Neil at Eighth
avenue and L street having Just burn
ed down, and they hurried over the
' hill to the scene of the larger flre in
tinje to prevent It from becoming a
general disaster. Other engines came
down from Twentieth street, but the
distance was so great that the flre was
veil under control before tbey ar
rived. „" .. . 4
DAMAGES AXD IX JURIES.
The dain&ee done was confined al
most wholly to the piling under -the
street and to the timbers on which the
m^athouses at. the west end of the
avenue are built. James & Co.'s hides
v.ere not hurt. Bernard Horn's Sons'
stables and the H. Moffat Company's
stables were filled with horses, which \
tvith great difficulty were rescued from
danger and led. screaming pitifully and
struggling in their fright, to places of i
safety. Much of the plank road was
" destroyed in getting the fire under con- j
trol. The entire loss will probably fail i
inside of $2500.
Joseph Westphal, a meat cutter for j
Henry Levi. was badly cut about the j
Botchertown had the closest call In
Its history yesterday afternoon. A fire
broke out about 2:S0 o'clock in the re
fuse'collected under the plank road
way a* Railroad and First avenues.
and but for the heroic work • by the
hundreds of men employed about the
elaughter-houses. and the timely ar
rival of six fire engines the entire row
of slaughter and packing houses would
have been destroyed.
All these meat shops along both sides
of First avenue for a distance of sev
eral blocks are built upon piling, as
Is th* roadway itself. At times of
tinnsual tide or of a heavv etorm the
cea waghes in under the street and
buildings, leaving a mass of debris
of every sort. This was dry yesterday
*nd awaiting only a spark to kindle it
into a swift conflagration, involving
many establishments with their valu
able stores of meat, their horses and
xnaehirery-
The spark was probably furnished
by a lighted cigar dropped through the
plank flooring of the roadway in front
of J. G. James & Co.'s hidehouse at
the western end of the avenue. A
strong wind helped, and in a few sec
onds from the discovery of the fire
the smoke and flmes were shooting
upward thrrough every crack in the
plank road and the fire was threaten
ing many thousand dollars' worth of
property with destruction.
COWBOYS AS FIREMEX.
Prompt Work. by Employes
Before Engines Arrive
Saves Valuable Property
Brilliant Dash of Cavalry
Is Applauded by Enthus
iastic Crowd of Spectators
EXERCISES ON THE LINKS
MEAT MEN'S CLOSE CALL
Slaughter-Houses Threat
ened by Flames That Start
Under the Plank Roadway
Troops Stationed at Presidio
,Pass in Annual Keview
Before General MacArthur
BUTCHERTOWN
HAS A FIRE
ATTORNEYS FOR JACOB EPPINGER
WIN POINT AFTER LONG CONTEST
Judge Lawlor Decides That Transactions Prior to the Line at Issue
May Not Be Used to Influence the Minds of Jurors— Colonel
Beck Says That He Trusted the Defendant Absolutely
SOLDIERS MAKE
FINE SHOWING
••¦'.¦¦. ¦ ¦
THE SAN FRANGISCO^CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE -.8, 1904.
Burnett'* Extract of Vanilla Is tb«
leader all tb« world over. Use no other./ •'
THROWN -FROM HIS WAGON.*— Philip
Oarrlty. residing ' at < 315 Natoma. street. 7 '¦ was
thrown . from . his • wagon yesterday • on \ Bush
street, near Larkin, and was so badly Injured
that he .; was taken : to the Emergency Hos
pital." . .
KAWALK0WSK1S COME TO TERMS.— The
suit of Martha KawalkowskI against her
rather. Frank Kawalkowtkl. to compel him to
support his three minor . children wu ordered
off the calendar In Judge Troutt'i court yen
terday. They adjusted 'their -quarrel' without
judicial Interference. Kawalkowckl Is the man
who has been' twice before th«« ' Lunacy Com
mission on a. chirre- of - Insanity, . his : children
on ; each occasion - causing ¦ his > arrest • because
b» persisted In ¦ patronlrinr matrimonial bu
rt*ua. - . - .- ' : r
16
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ___¦ _
The Man That Gets the Oyster
Is the Man Behind the Fork
And the People That Attend and Watch
This Sale Daily Are
:the;,6nes that Are Getting the Bargains.
¦VveUTTlNQl
c I 1 1 i iixinf
Still cutting arid reducing Prices every day in every depart-
ment in the house.
QUILTis, BLAIMKETS, TABLE UNEIV,
TOWELS; MAPKIMS, DRESS GOODS,
SILKS, SUITS, SKIRTS)
JACKETS, WAISTS, HOSIERY,
UNDERWEAR, FANCY GOODS and NOTldNS:^
Remn a n ts of Black a nd Colored Dress Goods and
i^> Silks—all at the smallest kind of prices. '
The time is short untir July 15th, and the stock is still largel
Come and be convinced of the bargains.
"',;¦¦..:..¦ : — \ ¦•;¦;¦¦ .. o'
G CURTIN
and 9 13 MARKET STREET,
ADVESTISEJCBNTS.
Semi-Annual Sale
'.-;rv; ' . • . /
Commencing WEDNESDAY, June 8th t
we will place on SPECIAL SALE a large
importation of FINE EMBROIDERIES at
prices lower than similar goods have ever
been >sold in this city. The assortment
, includes Cambric and Nainsook Edgings
and Insertings in all widths an& a large
variety of Demi-Flouncings.
TWO SPECIMEN VALUES.
4500 uards Cambric and Nainsook a c n Var>fl
EDG-INGS, full 5 Inches wide... acIU IdlU
Good value for 25c
3000 u^rds Cambric and NalnsooK OKr> Vcmrl
EDGINGS, full 7 Inches wide... I ell U
Worth 40c>
IMPORTED DRESS SWISS.
In connection with the above sale or EMBROIDERIES, we
will offer about 70 pieces of Genuine SwlssJDotted
Muslln-for dresses. These ape In 'Black wlllf white
dots, Black with black dots and Whits with black
dots. The prices are. 35c, 40c and 50c per
yard, which Is about one-half regular values.
...SEE WINDOW DISPLAY...
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STEEET.
ADVZB-TISEIIEirra.
ADTTCBTISElOlNTSt
I ft Special Sales H j
l| Bve^y Week
j China ;
j Crockery
1 Glassware
I Enamel Ware ;
I Household Goods
1 o Watch Our $
¦ I Mf" Stores. jffl I
I W Prices Talk. B
¦ I It Pays"to Trade J
I Great American Importing Tea Co's |
I Stores 206^^ I
D SSI Market 210 Grant ave. 1413 Po!k |9
B 140 Sixth 1319 Deviaadero 70S Laxkin %\
B 473 Haig-ht S006 Sixteenth 8S3 Hayes Ef
B 32S5 Mission £21 Montff'y tra. S2 Market B
B 2003 FHlmor* 2516 Mission 146 Ninth H
H 866 Third 439 Foarth 2732 *4th E3
J"VanVroom" I
DENTAL PARLORS |
*j SIXTH and MARKET [ j
~DR.P!ER€E'S
<GOLB5ERI
MEDICAL
fiH§€©V£Ktf
V FOR THE
I ESLOOD.E.IVER.LLINGS:
A n n D A Outfits. Guns. Ammunl-
1 B FA R&Nfll "en. Fl'hin* and Outing
I 1% B«Ji «m tJoods. Tents ar.d Ouni :*
9 SIS Syyi K« nt - CATALOG FFiEIC
yrfssi! shkeve t barber co.,
"^"* " . " " " ™ ¦ ":» Market »t.
521 Kearny »t.. 3. T.
|ASTHMANOLA|
Xa the only euf tor ITervous aaft
Bronchial ASTHMA. • ¦*
Tour Dru«sl« vr at 50S HA1GKT R^
San Franclsccw CaJ.
Quality of Piano Tone de-
pends upon accuracy of con-
. struction. The Vose Piano;
is : built on scientific princi-
ples by the highest mechan-
ical skill. Perfection in each
part and in the combination
"of parts results in the de-
lightful Vose Tone.
« ' •
Bcnj. Gurtaz * s °n.
16 O'Farrell St., S. F.
Tone