SAN FRANCISCO. WEDNESDAY,' JUNE 15, 1904.
Supplies for Port Arthur Seized.
CHEFU. June 14.— A. fleet of junks
laden with flour and rice for Port Ar
thur was seized off this . port to-day
by the Japanese.
STOESSEL'SJIEN UNDAUNTED.
Garrison of Port Arthur Is in Excel
lent Spirits.
LIAOYAJCG. June 14. — The two of
ficers who escaped from Port Arthur
and arrived here on June 11. after
crawling [ through the Japanese li«»»s
for four days, brought important dis
patches " from Lieutenant" General
Stoessel to Viceroy AlexlefC The gen
eral * reports that the * troops compos-
War News, Continued :oa. ace 2.
Russia Adopts American Army Tent.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 14. — The
War Office . has accepted recommen
dations made by Lieutenant Botkin
embodying the use of the United
States army , model tents. These are
convertible Into ponchos for the pro
tection of the. troops during the rainy
season. yV' v .
ST. PETERSBURG, June 14.— The
calling out of the army reserves In
the Kasan. Kleft and Moscow military
districts was announced to-day. This
step is for the purpose 'of filling 1 up
the skeleton reserve corps and tb re
place the regular troops already gone
or proing to the front. It also fore
shows * the dispatch of four Volga
corps, which was predicted In these
dispatches a month ago. The latter
would give General Kuropatkin 200,
0 00 more men.
Two Hundred Thousand 3Iore Men
for Kuropatkin's Army.
RESERVES CALLED TO COLORS.
the policeman aimed his revolver at
the fleeting figure of the other. He
determined to make an attempt to
wing the runaway. Just as his flnser
touched the trigger the sound of chil
dren's laughter in the direction in
which the fellow ran came to the of
ficer. He lowered his weapon and ths
man escaped.
At the City Prison the prisoner gave
the name of Gurt D. BurrelL When
searched S22 SO. the sum taken from
the conductor, was found on his per
son. He had a pocket roll of car
tridges and two knives.
The prisoner's tale sounds "fishy"
to the police, who believe him to ba
an ex-convict and habitual crook. Ha
Bays he has been in the city only three
days. "Barrell" furnished an incom
plete description of his partner, but
refused to reveal anything that wtmld
lead to his capture. He raatntatrw the
customary silence and brarado of eld
offenders.
The place where the hoMnp ocesrred
Is a well-lighted and popular district.
making the deed remarkable for it»
boldness. The affair occurred with be
wildering swiftness.
3IASKED 3IEX APPEAR.
The car was speeding along smoothly
when two masked men boarded It.
"Give me all the money you !»?•*
you ¦ , and stop the car."
grated in Conductor Campbell's ear.
He obeyed the order with alacrity re
garding the money. But the motormaa
ducked below the seats and the car
continued its way until Wren board»d
it and made his plucky capture.
The only passenger ea the car at the
time was J. A. Christy, a grocer. He
was not molested, but was so badly
frightened that he could tell little ot
the%affair.
% After Wren left the car it eonttaned
on its way to Fillmore street, the con
ductor still blowing his whistle. Spe
cial Officer Harvey and Policeman
Thompson boarded It and went back
.to the scene of the holdup, but arrived
too late to render any assistance.
The meager description of the thujr
still at large will be of little assistance
to the police.
"He is of medium height and wear*
a brown mustache." said the prisoner.
"That Is all that I will say of him."
The police are confident that they
can sfcake the fellow's r«t!cenc« tad
tope to eapttrr* th« otasr •ooa.
After some discussion the president
of the -American Wine Growers' Asso
ciation was authorized to confer and
co-operate .with three representatives
from the California Viticultural Club
to agree on a working plan for action
between tha two sets of wise growers.
BUFFALO. X. Y.. June 14.— As a re
sult of action taken at the meeting of
the American Wine Growers' Associa
tion here to-day it ,1s probable that the
wine gTowerg of the country will come
together In a national organization.
Perry T. Morgan, president of the
California Viticultural Club, spoke in
favor of a national organization to pro
mote a higher standard for the Amer
lcn product and to educate the people
to its use. *
Take Steps to Organize Body to Pro
mote a Higher Standard for
American Product.
WINE GROWERS TO FORM
NATIONAL. ASSOCIATION
LONDON, June 14. — It appears
from a question and answer in the
House of Commons to-day that the
fall of Port Arthur -would mark the
end of British tenancy of Welhalwei.
on the Shantung promontory. Earl
Percy, the Under Foreign Secretary,
informed the House that under ths
Anglo-Chinese convention of 1893
Great Britain's lease of this Chines*
port was valid only so long as Port
Arthur remained in the possesison of
Russia.
British to . Surrender Lease if Port
Arthur Ia Captured.
MAY ABANDON WEIHAIWEI.
TOKIO, June 14.— Deep regret is felt
here over a sad accident that occured
last night to the torpedo laying ship
Taiholm Maru, when Lieutenant Com
mander Oda and I nineteen men were
killed and seventeen wounded by a
mine explosion. Commander Oda was
the inventor of the Japanese mine, and.
by his great activity and skill through
out the .operations before Port Arthur,
had added largely to his reputation.
The Talhoku Maru, at the time of the
accident, .was engaged in laying me
chanical mines close to Port Arthur,
under a hea.y fire from the Russian
forts and torpedo-boats. The damage
to the ship was not great.
Reports from St. Petersburg to tlje
effect that the Vladlvostock squadron
recently encountered a Japanese
squadron -'near Port Arthur " have not
been- verified here and the whole story
is believed - to have originated in the
fertile imagination of a Russian press
agent.
f rectal Dlfpatch to Tt» ' CUL
A Russian merchant, who was at
Klnchou at the time of the re
cent battle there and who accom
panied . the Russian army on its
retreat to Port Arthur, has arrived
here on a junk. He says that the Rus
sians had no permanent fortifications
at Klnchou, but simply trenches. The
country' around had been mined, forc
ing the Japanese to take to the water.
When they did so the Russian gunboat
Bobr was taken to the head of Tallen
wan Bay, whence she threw j shells
across the narrow neck of land, kill
ing hundreds of Japanese. The Rus
sians likewise suffered more from the
fire of the Japanese ships than from
the artillery and infantry fire.
CHEFU, June 15, noon.— The captain
of a steamship which passed through
the Gulf of Pechlli on Monday night
reports having seen the searchlights of
a large' fleet and the flashes from war
ships' guns twenty-eight milea south
wesf of Port Arthur. This observation
was made, the captain says, between
10:30* o'clock on Monday night and 3
o'clock on Tuesday morning. •. He was
unable, to discern the lights of any op
posing vessels.- \ „,
Chinese cruisers and land forces are
watching closely to prevent the expor
tation of contraband goods for either of
the belligerents. Complaints have" been
made that the Japanese are drawing a
supply of fresh provisions from here.
ing the garrison of Port Arthur are
in excellent spirits and says the bands
play regularly in the park and that
Port Arthur has not the appearance
of a besieged fortress.
advance is . more in the nature of a
demonstration than a preliminary to
an actual attack.
A special dispatch from Ldaoyang.
dated June 14, says:
"Yesterday- (Monday), at the battle
of Vafangow, Japanese troops number
ing 20,000 tried to press our flank, but
were discovered. We changed our po
sition, flanking the Japanese, and open
ed a heavy fire. The result is un
known."-
The same correspondent in a later
dispatch says:
"To-day (Tuesday) the battle con
tinues. The Japanese have opened a
heavy fire on our center.
- "On the night of June 12, southwest
of Vafandien, the Cossacks came Into
contact with the Japanese and drove
them from their position. We lost
two men. The Japanese losses were
fifteen men and twenty horses.**
The date of the first dispatch does
not agree with the press dispatch from
LJaoyang or with General Baron Sta
kelberg's message to the Emperor, both
of which indicate that the battle took
place yesterday (Tuesday), it • is
thought improbable that - there have
been two actions.
Famous Inventor
Is Among the
Victims.
Passing Steamship Sees Flash of Fleet's
Guns Off Port Arthur!
WORSHIPS IN ACTION
IN THE GULF OF PECHILI
Explosion of Mine
Kills Twenty
Japanese.
JAPANESE TROOPS RESTING BEFORE PITCHING CAMP AFTER A WEARY DAY'S MARCH .IN SOUTHERN. /MANCHURIA.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. June 14.—Will-,
ism Mil?5. aged €0 rears, appeared at
the police station here to-day and sur
rendered, say.ng he had killed John -
Ed"w ards. a railway brakeman. at Deer j
Lodge. Mont., nineteen years ago. ;
r!:Ies said that a !7ian narred Murphy !
had been sentenced to life imprison- \
ment fcr the crim* ard is now serving .
time In the Montana Penitentiary. !
Miles, who says he has worked in !
various £tates in the West, as a 'rail- j
rr ad laborer, wants to ease his con- I
ecience. According to his Etory Miles .
killed Edv ards in a quarrel over I
money.
Miles ears he was born in Brook- j
lyn, N. Y., and believes he still has ;
distant relatives living there. His i
father and mother ar.d a brother and >
Fitter have been <i«ad a number of'
years.
"I have at Ia5t den* my part by i
F^rrenderir.s to ifce law," he said, "and
I am TiOi going to ask for an investi- <
gaticn of the case. If the oScers wish j
to prosecute me. it is their business. I
If they don't I am net going back to !
Deer Lodee myself. If anyone is to t
blame for the killing of that brake- ¦
rcan It is nvs^Jf and not Murphy."
CONFESSION IS TRUE.
EUTTE. MonT.. June 14.—Thomas I
UcTeague and Frank Conley. wardens J
of the State Prison, to-night expressed
their or>:r.:<T! that the confession of!
William Miles at Kansas City cf the!
murder cf Jobs Ed* ard?, a Montana j
railroad brateman. for which crime I
Vrmiaa Murrhy i* now serving a life j
f?r.:enc* it iru*. The Wardens tell a i
story at the affair which may prove |
that a gray haired man. now a hope- Ii
leys lunatic within the walls at Deer j
LoSge. is a victim of the strangest j
wrt for a thrillir.g chapter of fiction.
Sam* time during the rummer of J
1S*4. on top of cr.e cf the cars of Cole's
Circus train, which had pulled into
v.as found the body of a
brakeman with a bullet-hole in the
back. Not the slightest clew to the
murderer could be found—nothing but
vr.ir.iEtEksble evidence cf a brutal and
cowardly crime. The body cf the mur
dered fcrakenan was chipped to Salt
Lake City and for some time the affair
¦*¦£§ shrouded in mystery."
Ore day about a year later a man
*£.ik*fl Into the police station in Min
neapolis ard asked to be taken into
custody as the murderer of a brake
iran Jn Montana. He was locked up,
the Montana authorities were Informed
of the affair, and within a few months
the man was occupying a cell In the
penitentiary, with life sentence hang
ing over him.
MTRPHY LOSES HIS REASON.
That man Is WUUata Murphy, alias
Waltham, who h&s already grown old
crd has lost his rainC within the nar
row limits cf his cell at Deer Lodge.
Once, several years ago. he attempted
to escape, but the,, guard planted a
charge of buckr->rt in his leg. and
took him back to his punishment. He
is now L5 years cf age, and is employed
to carry water and do ether chores
around the prison. ;
When told another man had con
fessed to the crime for which he is
Berrlng a life sentence. Murphy gave
The Call correspondent an, empty
Ei&r^, anti finally broke into a violent
fit cf laughter.
The convicts who know him best be
lieve that Murphy fired a shot to scare
the brakeman, and that be had no
intention of wounding him, but later
belie\e<J he had really killed him.
Sevond Blaze ta Oroiille.
OROVILLE. Jure 14.—This city was
again visited to-nfght by fire. About
II o'clock flames broke out in the large
flouring mill owned by John S. Dodge,
soon destroying it with its. contents.
Tbe fire ypread to a large grain ware
hocse adjoining, which was also
burned, together with 1200 sacks of
Craln- The loss on the flouring mill is
estimated at 520.000. covered by J10.000
JAPANESE^RTILLERY
BEGINS THE BATTLE
ST. PETERSBURG, June 14.— Emperor Nicholas has received the following telegram from Lieutenant General Baron Stakelberg, bearing to-day's date: "A battle
began at noon around the Russian position four and a half miles south of the station of Vafangow, the enemy making repeated attempts to dislodge our left flank. The attack
was repelled and we retained our position. The First Regiment, occupying the left flank of our position, sustained severe losses. Its commander, Colonel Khavastounoff, and
Adjutant Sub-Lieutenant DragoslafT Xodochin^ry were killed ; General Gernross was wounded, a shrapnel bullet shattering the right side of his lower jaw, but he remained
on the field." ,
£j>eclmJ rMrpitch to TS« Cfcll
Holding his prisoner with one hand.
They fled and Wren commanded
them to halt, but they only sped the
faster, separating, one taking each
side of the street. The of3cer followed
the taller and soon caught up with
him.
The highwayman drew a revolver
that Cashed In the arc light. But the
brave policeman leveled his own pistol
at the fellow. At the Bight of It the
thug's bravado died out Instantly.
"Drop that!' commanded Wren, and
the crook obeyed.
CHILDREN SAVE CROOK.
As soon as the highwaymen leaped
from the car the conductor blew a
whistle, attracting the attention of
Patrolman T. F. Wren. The policeman
ordered the motorman to rush his car
In the direction the crooks had taken.
Without attempting to turn his trolley,
the motorman. J. Keyes. reversed his
lever and the car sped back to Buchan
an street^' ¦ - :i -
Peering through the window Wren
saw two men standing on the comer
of Buchanan and Eddy streets. With
out waiting for the car to stop ha
pluckily sprang off and rushed boldly
upto them.
Two bold thugs boarded an Eddy
street car crossing Laguna street yes
terday evening and relieved the con
ductor of $22 30 at the point of a pis
tol.
At the City Prison a PockstM of
Cartridges and the Stolen Mcney
Are Found on the Prisoner.
Mm Wrongfully Pcnished Believed
Eimrelf Guilty £sa Is Now a
Hopeless Maniac.
Real Culprit Confesses Nine
teen Years Alter Murder
Is Committed.
Officer Wren Makes Use ol
tie Same Car to Fol
low tie Rogers.
Serving a Life Sen
tence for Crime of
Another.
One Is Caught After
Rapid Pursuit
Near Scene. -
INNOCENT
MAN INSANE
IN PRISON
STREET CAR
HELD UP BY
TWO THUGS
TOK^IO, June /5, 10:30 a. m.^The Vladivostok squadron is reported in the Korean Straits. Firing has been heard onTsunoshima, a small
island lying off the southwest of Honshiu Island. It is possible that an engagement is progressing. , i
VLADIVOSTOK SQUADRON IN BATTLE OFF JAPAN;
KUROKI ATTACKS KUROPATKIN AND IS REPULSED
VOLUME XCVI— XO. 15
i TXE TTTATHXE.
Forecast mad« at Baa Tran
. Cisco for thirty hour* esdinr
rsj.is.lsla. Jtu* IS: ]
Saa Francisco aad vicirity — {^
Pair "Wednesday, with fear ia
mcraiar; light south Triads.
<-»»T>fiT»y to fresh westerly.
A. C. SIcADXE.
District Forecaster.
A!caz*r— "Ciarlej's Ana*. 1 *
California — "Secret Berries."
Central — "Tia Octoroon."
ColnrnW* — "The Frond Priace."
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Fischer's— -V. 8."
Grand — "Da Barry."
Orpaens* — Vaudeville. XCatla.**
To-Bay.
PRICE /FIVE CENTS
The San Francisco Call.
Vanguards Clash and Fighting Soon Ex*
tends Jilong the Entire Line.
LIAOYANG, June 14.— Japanese ar
tillery to-day opened fire upon Vafan
gow (a station on the railway sixty
miles above Klnchou). Details are
awaited.
LONDON*. June 14.— The. Central
News has received a dispatch from Its
Liaoyang correspondent, under to-day's
date, saying that heavy firing: bet-ween
the Russian and Japanese vanguards
commenced at 1:40 o'clock this after
noon. The fighting extended along the
entire front, assuming the dimensions
of a general engagement. The corre
spondent says no details are available.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 15.— The
General Staff remained In session until
almost 2 o'clock this morning to trans
late and give out Lieutenant General
Baron Stakelberg** 'message announc
ing the fight at Vafangow. This un
urually late hour indicates that
authorities attach considerable impor
tance to the dispatch. *
It Is believed here that the Vafangow
affair mav prove to have been quite a
heavy fight! The fact that the Rus
sians held their position in the face
of heavy losses supports this theory,
and It Is believed that it may prove
to have been a severe check to the
Japanese northern advance.
The movement of 3000 Japanese north
of Xuandiansian only adds to the
blindness cf the situation in the north
eastern field of opinions. It is un
questionable that the- Cossacks have
been worrying the Japanese north of
Fengwangcheng and the movement
may be merely an efTort to clear the,
country. At the :yne time it holds
the .possibility of a demonstration
against Mukden, one of the many
roads leading directly east from Muk
den toward the region to which the
Japanese are advancing. The con
sensus of opinion, however, is that theCalifoniians in Xcw York.
C. E. Graham, formerly connected
vith the Pacific Improvement Compa
ny in this city, has been elected treas
urer of the National Steel and Wire
Company, with headquarters in New
York. It is reported that he represents
the Mills and Huntington interests in
the Fteel company.
George W. Sill, a well-known fruit
jiian of Watsonville. is at the Grand.
Assistant Adjutant General N. S.
Bangham is down from Sacramento.
He is registered at the Occidental.
T. Sakurai, director of the imperial
Japanese customs at Kobe, who has
been making a tour of inspection of the
different ports of entry of this country,
South America and Panama, arrived
here yesterday. He is staying at the
Occidental.
Dr. C. W. Jones of San Jose is at the
Grand.
W. F. Knox, a lumberman of Sacra
mento, is at the Grand.
PERSONAL.
Beasley has been living in poverty.
His wife has been scrimped ip her liv
ing and has slaved for years in igno
rance of the wealth her husband has
been hoarding. She paid she knew
nothing of the money or stolen prop
erty. Following the discovery she filed
a suit for divorce and obtained an in
junction restraining Beasley from dis
posing of any part of the property
or money. Beasley refused to talk of
money. His wife in her suit for divorce
Ftates that j-he has been iearly starved
and that she supposed ajl her husband
had was his wages. f
The police found a secret door in the
parlor of Beasley's home, and opening
this went into a room under the parlor,
where a large amount of property was
hidden. Part cf this has been identi
fied as having been stolen. A chest in
the room was opened, and in this $25,000
In securities was found. In other parts
of the house gold and bills were
found, bringing the amount up to $40,
000.
ROCKFORD, 111.. June 14.— John
Beasley, a carpenter, and apparently
a poor man, was arrested here Satur
day on complaint of his fellow work
men, who charged that he was stealing
their tools one by one. When the police
6carched Beasley they found more than
55000 in currency in his pockets. They
then went to his home, where more
than 140,000 in money, valuable papers
and securities was found. ' •
6j*clal Dirratch to The Call.
>
Police Find $5000 on Person
of the Accused and More
Than $40,000 at His Home
6EABCH SHOWS WEALTH
Carpenter Arrested for llob
bing Workmen Is Found
to Be Worth Nearly $50,000
STEALS TOOLS
THOUGH RICH
The fool tells a woman .. she, looks
beautiful to him because*. he loves her;
the wise man that he loves her because
she is beautiful.— New York. Press, .. V,
The revenue derived from the lumber
¦industry 'on the Pacific Coast exceeds
that of all other industries combined.
Vast quantities' of earth containing
.radium compounds -have been ,%dis-r
covered in the "Llano mineral region,
.near Austin, Texas. -\
SAN BERNARDINO. June 14. — A
warrant .was issued this afternoon for
the'. arrest' of R. V. Jackson, a prom
inent young attorney of Redlands.
who T is charged with obtaining money
by false pretenses. Jackson 4 has riot
:yet been found. It-is charged that he
got $125 from Mrs. Davis, a client, by
pretending that sh'e 'had . lost, her case
and; he would pay'her fine^ ~
Charge Is Slado That Lawyer Ob
talned Money From Client
., by False Pretenses.
WARRANT IS ISSUED
FOR MIDLANDS. ATTORNEY
SCORES OF WARRANTS OUT.
Miners Charged With) Participation In
Dynamiting Outrages. \ ?-;!;; "\
DENVER, ; June 14.— Eighty-seven
¦warrants are , out for miners who are
supposed to have beei. concerned In the
explosion at the Independence' station
and the killings during the rioting at
Victor. These warrants have ! been
placed in the hands of Under Sheriff
Felix O'Neill 'here and will be given to
his deputies to serve. It Is -expected
that there will be a general round-up
in the next few days of all the men tor
.whom : warrants have been issued.
Marshal L. S. Moore of Gold field said
to-day: ......
"I am not here to hurt the union In
any way. I only want the men for
• HANFORD,' June 14.— William Leg
gett,' an ex-convict, stole a mare near
Fresno last night and after driving to
this place tried to 'sell the animal to
Frank Walker. Being suspicious,
Walker telephoned to Sheriff Buckner.
Leggett left Walker's place and started
to town. Oh 'the way Tie met Buckner,
and surmising that he was wanted by
the officer, he lost no time in getting
away. Buckner organized a posse and
after a chase of several miles captured
Leggett in a vineyard. Leggett admits
the theft of the horse.
but Is Run Down Near
IlanfOrtl.
Ex-Convict Steals Animal nt Fresno,
HORSE THIEF Gl VES
OFFICERS ' LIVELY RAGE
Labor unions in San Francisco . and,
thereabouts will be asked byothe gen
eral committee having charge of the ar
rangements for the annual convention
of the American Federation of Labor,
which, will assemble in -.-this city* this
year, for contributions for the enter- 1
tainment of the visitors. This being
the first visit from {he federation, an
effort will be made to Impress the visit-
Ing delegates with the magnitude of
•California's hospitality. . The steering
committee expects to give the. delegates
an opportunity to visit several of-'the
more important •cities In the State.
This will require funds.
Secretary Wisler of the Labor Coun
cil has authority from the Freight
Handlers' Union to confer with the
Southern Pacific Company should his
good "offices be accepted.
Patent Chimney Builders'"Uhion No.
1 is the latest addition to organized
labor In this city. This union has just
received its charter and will at the
next meeting elect delegates to the
Building Trades. Council, with ,'wtych
body it Js affiliated. The first officers
of the union are: President, Charles
Murray; vice president, S. Fitzgerald;
recording secretary, John ,0'ReiJly,
financial secretary, Clarence Dresser;
treasurer, Charles Still; warden,' Ar
thur Reusslng. , . . " •
The Stablemen and Carriage Owners'
Association will establish ' a' labor
bureau Of Its own, from which men "will
be employed. By -this means, the Asso
ciation expects to obtain 'flrst-eiass,
workmen an$l competent drivers.' ' ' j'
• .Carpenters' Union No. 433 passed \;a ;
series of resolutions at its meeting last
night censuring the Citizens' Alliance
for all the trouble between Colorado
miners and the civil authorities.. , . ,
tlon for- Members of American
Federation of Labor.
Labor Unions Plan Pleasant ilecep-
WILL EXTEND GREETING.
TO VISITING DELEGATES
SACRAMENTO, June 14.— The pool
room and bookmaJdng establishment ot
Kripp & Ross in the little town -of.
Uroderick. in Yolo County, just across
the river from Sacramehtq, which is in
some way affiliated with the Sausalito
poolrooms, will resume operations next
Thursday. Telegraph Instruments were
put in place in. the concern to-day and
the. announcement is made that re
turns are to be obtained from Sausa
lito. Nobody connected with the place
. will ,.teH how the news is to be re
ceived..' .Manager Waterbury .of the
Western Union and Manager Beede of
the Postal Telegraph Company both
say they have not received instructions
to put in wires for the pool sellers. .
Announcement Is Made Tliat Returns
Will Be Received From
Suuxalito.
POOLROOMS IN YOLO
TO RESUME BUSINESS
The "Elder Statesmen" of ' Japan,
who are advisers 'without authority
number four — the Marquis Ito, Mar
quis Yamagata, .Count Inouye and
Count Matsugata. t
JACOB WOLFRAM DIES.— Jacob Wolfram
of J. Ooldman & Co.. who shot himself on
June 11 at the Hotel V«ndome In this city,
die'd in Mount Zion Hospital early yesterday
morning.
DENVER, Colo., June 14.— "I have
nothing to say about plans for reopen
ing the Portland mine," said former
Governor Charles S. Thomas, counsel
for the ' Portland Gold Mining Com
pany. "We all realize that if we open
our mouths about anything connected
with Cripple Creek we lay ourselves
liable to the 'bullpen* or some other of
the drastic measures that come under
the head of 'military necessity.'
"Matters remain absolutely in statu
quo. We have not decided fully as yet
what course will be taken to reopen
the mine. I suppose that If I talk
too much I might get what Frank
Hangs received. His only offense was
acting as legal counsel for some men
charged with crime several monthj
ago. Perhaps if I should talk exten
sively in reference to my client, the
Portland, 1 might be burned at the
stake."
Former Governor Speaks Bitterly of
Present Executive's Policy.
THOMAS IS SARCASTIC.
"In the future neither walking dele
gates, agitators nor labor unions will
bo allowed to say who may or who
may not labor in Teller County, who
may or may not do business here. The
source of all strife in the Cripple Creek
district has been the Western Feder
ation of Miners and the Trades As
sembly, which they . dt-minated, and
through which they carried out their
boycotts, etc. There is no room in Tel
ler County for these two organizations
and their existence will no longer be
tolerated. . j
"Unions of the various crafts already
organized will not be Interfered with
as to their local or International affili
ations, provided the Trade.8 Assembly
be forthwith disbanded and no similar
boycotting agency be organized; pro
vided, further, that such unions of the
local crafts have not for their national
<,-r intei mtional affiliation the Western
Federation of Miners, the American
Labor Union, or the State. Federation
of Labor, or any kindred organiza
tion."
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., June 14.—
A committee of forty leading business
men to-day unanimously agreed upon
the following policy toward organized
labor in this district:
Federation of Miners anil Trades As
sembly Will Be Foucht.
AGREEMENT OF EMPLOYERS.
Canada as a Buyer.
Canada is a customer worth the hav
ing~and the holding, ranking third in
the- list of importers from the United
States, England coming first and Ger
many-second. There are* countries on
the other side of the water making
greater fuss over friendship, traditional
and otherwise— but when it comes to
appreciation of the best markets and
the fairest treatment they are not In it
with Canada.— Cincinnati Commercial-
Tribune.
MONTEREY, June 14.'— The Grand
Parlor Native Daughters of the Golden
West . opened its annual^ session this
morning in Assembly Hall, "^Pacific
Grove,' 1 with the largest attendance
known in the history of the society.
Morning, afternoon and evening ses
sions were held and were » occupied
principally by the routine of organiza
tion and consideration of the .grand
president's message.' • • .
The delegates to the Grand Pari.or
witnessed a special dress parade of the
troops at Ord Barracks arranged in
their honor at 5:30 this afternodh. To
morrow morning they will be taken
around the seventeen-mile drive and in
the evening a reception will be ten
dered the grand officers by Mrs. R. F.
Johnson, president of Junipero Parlor
No. 145, at her residence in Monterey.'
est Ktiown In History, of
tlie{ Order.
Assemblage at Pacific Grove Is Laife-
•NATIVE DAUGHTERS IN
'• : 1 ' > : ;:AXNUAIi ; CONVENTION
The prevailing diseases of Mexico are
of a mild malarial type, easily avoided
by following simple rules of living and
avoiding unnecessary exposure to heat
and rain. About thirty miles from the
coast the altitude is from 600 to 800 feet
above the sea, and in this region the
climate Is exceptionally agreeable.
Here, as elsewhere, one is exposed to
sickness, but if the common laws of
health are observed one will experience
no greater amount of illness than he
would in his own country and live Just
as long, if not longer. — Exchange.
Prevailing Diseases of 3Iexlco.
The convention was called to order
by' 'General George W. Goddon of
Memphis, commanding the. Tennessee
Division. The welcoming addresses
were responded to by Lieutenant Gen
eral Stephen D. Lee, who is filling the
untxpuea. term of the late Commander
in Chief John B. Gordon. General Lee
said: . • ¦
It is a source of Joy to every one of us
when we Bee how prosperous our country has
grown. I think we are convinced now that
(he South Is fully on Us feet again.- In ma
terial prosperity we ha\-e not only reached, but
surpassed the achievements of our fathers.
I hold no view of Southern degeneracy, but
I deplore the Irreparable loss ,to my country
and the coming generation when those splen
did men, the bravest and beet the world
has ever held, went down In. death. ..But it.
!s a great comfort to know that the South
had »uch men to lose. It was a revelation
to ourselves. - _ .
" As the close of our days" draws' neaT and"
th£ wojk of upbuilding our country passes Into
yuuntrer and stronger hands, let ua make it
our mission to tell the story. Do not let our
children .and, ¦ grandchildren -forget the. cause
Tor which we Buffered. Tell it not In anger,
tell It not In grief, tell It not In revenge — tell
It proudly as fits a. soldier. There Is no
fhime In all the history. Dwell on the gallant
deeds, the pure motives the unselfish sacri
fices. Tell of the hardships endured, the bat
tles fought, the men who bravely lived, the
men who nobly died. Your dear comrades shall
live Brain In your words.
The cause In which the blood was shed
will never be lost to us, and the love we
?ave it will not die until the last gray jacket
Is folded and the last gray bead Is buried
beneath the sod.
• SECTIONALISM IS DEAD.
Dr. Randolph H. McKim of Wash
ington, D. C, the orator of the occa
sion, followed. He said, In part:
We thank God that to-day the sun shines
upon a truly reunited country. Sectionalism
is dead and burled. ?
A great destiny open* before America. The
rod of nations' has given her possibilities of
power and usefulness among the peoples of
the globe that are almost boundless. We of
the South claim our part In this great des
tiny. Eagerly and Joyfully we accept our re
sponsibilities. In the opportunities, In the
strenuous conflict, in the conquests, In the
glory of the future of our country. We are
Americans, and nothing that pertains to the
honor; to the welfare, to the glory of Amer
ica, Is or shall be • foreign to us. 'What the
South did In the Spanish-American war Is an
example of what ehe will do In the future
toward working out the destiny of, the great
republic.
NASHVILLE, Tenn., June 14.— The
Jefferson Davis memorial services were
held to-day by the United Confederate
Veterans' .Union. The memorial ad
dress was delivered by Bishop Gailor
of the Episcopal diocese of Tennessee.
For the first time since the organiza
tion was formed General John B. Gor
don, the beloved commander in chief,
whose body rests In Oakland Ceme
tery, at Atlanta, did not preside. That
his presence was sadly missed was
apparent from the frequent reference
to his many years of service' as the
head of the organization and his bril
liant war record.
LEE WELCOMES VETERANS.
When he reached New York last
evening, he says, Forrestel took him to
a place and introduced him to seven
other members of the corporation. Al
most immediately a game which he
afterwards learned was called "Eng
lish faro" was proposed, j and Warren
was assured that he could not lose.
Ten. minutes later, however, he. told the
magistrate, his $5000 had vanished
across the boafd. He then turned. upon
Forrestel, accused him of robbery T and
struck him on the head with a cane.
He was unable to tell the magistrate
where the game was played, and when
Forrestel told the court that he also
had played and lost $3500, the com
plainant was informed that he had no
redress and the prisoner was dis
charged.
"You really came down from Buffalo
for the p"urpdsd of beating Somebody
else," said Magistrate Mayo to Warren,
"and in that case the law does not help
you even in a civil way. That has been
decided by the- Court of Appeals.
There is no evidence- here of a^ crime
and I will have to discharge- the. pris
oner."
Warren told the magistrate that For
restel had told him that a friend of his'
made $20,000,000 in. Wall street and
that the corporation which he repre
sented could be parted from a great
deal of its money providing he was in
sight to play a against
the corporation. Upon this representa-'
tion, Warren says, he drew $5000 — the
savings of a lifetime — from a bank In
Buffalo and came to this city.
NEW YORK, June 14.— That is*-ls
possible to lose $5000 lnten minutes by
playing "English fa.ro"* in New 'York;
that the police do not know where the
game is played and that the victim
may have no legal remedy 'were facts
brought out*to-day ina ease heard be
fore Magistrate Mayo in ; the .West Side
court. Frederick Warren of Buffalo
was the complainant a^d the prisoner
was. his friend Peter Forrestel, also of
Buffalo. The latter i had a : badly cut
head which he stated the complain
ant had caused by striking him with a
cane.
The races and games will begin at
2:30 p. m. The following 1 committee
will conduct the games: Archie de
Mamiel, Ralph Wiley, Robert Collier.
C. D. Petrie, J. S. Miller, H. Teller.
L,yle Stern.
The literary committee has sub
mitted a complete programme of the
exercises to be held, which is as fol
lows:
Grand patriotic ov«»rture. AntRes Military
Band: prayer. Rev. Ern^t D. Bradley, rector
St. Stephen's Church, San Francisco; open
ing remarks. President of the Day Colonel A.
D. Cutler; song, "Sword of Bunker Hill," Al
fred tVllkie: oration, Kdward EL Hart; son*.
"My Own United Btates," Arthur . Cunning
ham of th<» Tlvoli Opera-house; original poem
Professor E. E. Knowlton: "Tb« Star-Spangled
Banner." Mrs.. . Grspaleaf ." JCruper; sons,
"America," by the audience; benediction, chap-
Iain of the day.
The one hundred and twenty-ninth
anniversary of the battle of Bunker
Hiil. June 17, will be celebrated at
•Los Gatos under the auspices of the
Bunker Hill Association of San Fran
cisco, Sons of the American Revolu
tion. Sons of Vermont, California Pio
neers and like societies. Edward II.
iHart has consented to deliver the ora-
Ition.
Addresses, Songs, Games and Dances
Will Be Features of the Outinz
at Los Gatos.
Orators Refer to Gallantry
of Soldiers of '64 and to
Acts of Their Sons in f 98
ELABORATE CEREMONIES
FOR BUNKER HILL DAY
Victim's Confession Causes
Release of Who
Introduced Him to Players
STIRRING SPEECHES
PLAYS "ENGLISH FARO"
Buffalo Man Consents . to
Rob Others and Is Him
self Robbed of ;His Coin
Survivors of Army in Gray.
Assembled at Nashville,
Hold Memorial Exercises
The News states that mine owners
of the Bingham, Park City and Tintic
camps have, reached an understanding
by which they propose to rid the camps
of undesirable men, and that the Bing
ham incident ig the initial step in the
eliminating process.
SALT LAKE CITY, Utah, June 14.—
Two hundred miners employed in the
mines at Bingham, twenty miles from
here, were discharged to-day, in conse
quence of taking a day off without per
mission. According to the Deseret
News, notices were posted at all of
the mines in Bingha— several days
ago, notifying employes that if they
took a lay-off on Miners' Union day,
the 13tb»,they would be discharged. A
large nuipber of the men contended
that they were entitled to their annual
holiday, and disregarded the notice.
Two Hundred Men Let Out for Giving
Themselves a Holiday.
. UTAH MIXERS DISCHARGED.
"What 'public necessity* Justified the
mob to compel the resignation of these
officers we will, leave the reader to
judge for himself. • * s * The
very fact that union men are deported
by the military Is of Itself sufficient to
show that no evidence has be^n ob
tained against these men, for if evi
dence of crime was at hand does any
reasonable man or woman suppose
that the military commandant or the
mob Sheriff would be simple enough to
deport to other parts the guilty per
sons * * .. * ' Even at the pres
ent time' bo determined effort is being
made by ..the authorities to discover
the redl perpetrators of the Independ
ence .explosion. Nothing is attempted
except the one- thing — that is to fasten
$his unholy 'clime by imputation and
Innuendo upon' the heads of our inno
cent membership."
DENVER, Colo.," June 14.- T Acting un
der instructions given by the twelfth
annnal convention of the Western Fed
eration of Miners,, recently held in this
city, -the. executive board of that or
ganization issued a statement, regard-
Ing^the strikes in Colorado and the re
cent disturbances in the Cripple Creek
district, in which the following appears:
"We are fully convinced from infor
mation by trustworthy persons that the
original explosion and subsequent out
rages perperated are not only the work
of; the Citizen's'Alliance; but are thor
oughly of the opinion that the whole
matter was planned in advance. Per
,haps no single occurrence has so much
bearing on this conclusion as the forci
ble resignation of 'various regularly
elected officials in the district.
Federation Accuses Citizens' Alliance
of. Inciting Murder.
MAKES COUNTER CHARGE.
SOUTH HONORS
D A V IS' MEMORY
GETS FLEECED
AT OWN GAME
, ' He approved the. plan to snag" the
Mokelumne River and the proposed
welr^at.-Butte Slough, also the pro
posed/.weir at Finnegans Slough,
but ; -he disapproved the proposal- .- to
close the crevasses at Grays Bend,.be
cause the levees above and below are
practically gone. If the people from
Grays Bend to Elkhorn weir, ¦? will
erect levees and will pay tw6;flfths pf
;the cost of closing the creyasses,\the
State can afford to pay three-fifths^ V
In the auditing board it was agreed
that* the Kutte and Finnesan sloughs,
work shall be advertised for. - " _¦
The board agreed to meet with the
Supervisors of Yolo County June 27
to* see " what can be done to induce
land-bwheijs tq.do their .share of the
work. 'Some of the owners not desir
ing -to -close the .crevasses, ' preferring
the overflow, to create sheep pastur
age, '¦• may" be threatened with . suits
by. the -State to recover lands, as the
State sold' them for the agreed pur
pose? of .reclamation, and that only.
...SACRAMENTO, June_14.— The mem
bers of the executive committee of the
River Improvement and Drainage As
sociatlon.'/'created by the River- Con
vention, jwith. Rufus P. Jenhingra as
chairman, met •withTthe Governor to
day and .with- the auditing -board- of the
Commissioner of Public Works to con
sult relative "to river treatment. It
advised, and 1 had- the support" of the
Governor, that three/consulting engi
neers be employed. The auditing board
agreed that •". it was desirable that the
engineers should be first .selected be
fore other action, is taken. - These engi
neers are to forrn'ulate a plan for the
.improvement of. the' river channel.; It
was agreed that the payment of the
engineers iriust.be.lhrough the official
channel x of the auditing board and
Commissioner of Public Works.!
,,'The audUtfng' board -received a letter
trom Governor Pardee disapproving of
the proposed .work on- the lower reaches
Of, 'the Sacramento River because of^the
prospect of soon having a board/ of
"c,dnsulting k engineers; second, because
all bids for the work are too high for
the finances of the State at this time. *
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., June 14.
Colonel Verdeckberg, in, command of
the militia during the absence of
General Bell, who left for Denver to
day, gave to the press an official or
der, which reads:
"No organization will be allowed,
while this county Is under military
control, to furnish aid in any form to
the members of any organization or
their families in this county, unless
the same is done through military
channels. Major Thomas E. McClel
land is provost marshal of this mili
tary district, and he stands ready to
receive from any person or organiza
tion any money, or other supplies
which are for distribution to any
person rendered needy by reason of
the military occupation of this county
for the suppression of insurrection."
Aid for Families of Miners Mast Be
Sent to Provost Marshal.
STETIX MILITARY ORDER.
Land Owners Will Be Con
sulted Concerning the Reg
ulation of River Waters
This ended the formal arraignment
and the prisoner was taken back to
the Tombs. As she was led from the
courtroom she bowed and smiled to
ward her father and friends sitting at
the rear of the courtroom.
NEW YORK, June 14.— "Nan" Pat
terson, against whom an indictment for
murder in the first degree in connec
tion with the death of Bookmaker
"Caesar" Young was returned by the
Craitd Jury yesterday, to-day entered
a plea of not guilty before Judge New
burger in the Court of General Ses
sions. The plea was made with leave
to withdraw by next Friday, and in
tti? meantime her counsel will serve
notice on the District Attorney that
he will move to inspect the minutes of
the Grand Jury.
Attired In deep mourning, with a
heavy black veil which she was not
compelled to raise, "Nan" Patterson en
tered the courtroom with her father
and Mrs. Martha McLaughltn before
the clerk called the case. "With a
jaunty air she walked up the aisle to
the bar and when asked to plead to
the indictment she turned to Levy,
her attorney, who said:
"The defendant pleads not guilty,
with leave to withdraw by Friday."
"That is a practice I do not approve
of," the court replied, "but I will give
you until Friday in which to plead.'*
Gives the Woman Until Fri
day in Which to Fully
Make Up Her 3iind
VICTOR, Colo., June 14.— Thirty-six
men were deported- this afternoon by
the military. The men were residents
of the different sections of the district,
but mainly lived in Cripple Creek and
Victor. There was a large crowd at
the Florence and Cripple Creek depot
when the men were loaded on the train,
but little excitement or demonstration
-of -any kind was made. The destina
tion of the exiles was given out un
officially as New Mexico. The report
was current! however, that they would
be taken through that territory to the
Old Mexico, line and: allowed to cross
[to Mexican .soil A. strong guard of
militia will accompany the men until
they are finally released.
The men sent out to-day were nearly
all union men or union sympathizers.
Quite a number of them were married.
Food was taken on the^ train f or the
prisoners.
Preparations are under way here
looking to the eventual abrogation of
martial law, which it is expected will
occur within one week. A large num
ber of deputy sheriffs will 'be com
missioned to take charge of the district
under Sheriff- Bell's direction when
martial law is called off.
whom I have warrants, and I propose
to get them. I know all of the miners
and have been their friend all along.
I sympathized with the union until
the dynamiting and rioting occurred."
"According to information, 3000 Jap
anese are marching north toward
Huayensiang." ..-. .
"During the evening of June 8
Lieutenant Lang," while' engaged in a
reconnaissance in the neighborhood of
Ontachetsa, ten miles -northeast of Ai
yangmoun, was attacked by two com
panies of Japanese. He succeeded in
forcing his way through after. a hand
to-hand fight.
following dispatch, dated June .13,
from Major General Karevitch: ;
"During the night of June 11-12 the
Japanese attacked our advance posts
near the village of Utsaten, south of
Wanfangtien station and above tne
Pltzwo-Pulantien line. The Japanese
were repulsed with loss. .
"The same night, after fighting until
morning, our detachments took posses r
sion of the pass and heights near the
village of Luitsiatung.
"Our losses in these nocturnal en
counters were four soldiers killed and
eighteen ivounded.
ENGINEERS PROPOSED
COUKT VETOES PLAN
ST. PETERSBURG, June 14.—Em
peror Nicholas has received the fol
lowing dispatch from General Kuro
patkin, dated June 13:
"This morning the advance of two
Japanese divisions was discovered
northward from Pulantien. The ad
vancing forces at 2 p. m. were observed
to extend from the village of Vanchou,
along the valley of the Tassa, one di
vision advancing by the Tassa valley.
The enemy halted at 4:30 p. m., occu
pying thi villages of Taotsiatung,
Chantsiatung and Luitsiatung and the
heights southward of, Vandchou.
"I have not received detailed infor r
mation of our losses to-day, but Lieu
tenant Tcherepkin and several sol
diers were wounded.
"According to our intelligence no ad-,
vance of the Japanese from Sluyen to
ward Taling Pass was observed to
day." '
The general staff has received the
Governor Devises Ways and
Means With Committee
and Various State Officials
"Xan" Patterson Reserves
flight to Withdraw the
Same During the Week
Japanese Are Repulsed With Loss in an Attack
Upon Kuropatkin's Advance Posts and Slavs
Seize a Pass After Combat Lasting All Night
International Border Said to Be the Destination of
Cripple Creek Miners Shipped From District on
Special Train Under Guard of Militiamen
PLAN SAFETY
FROM FLOODS
ENTERS A PLEA
OF NOT GUILTY
HEAVY SKIRMISHING PRECEDES
BATTLE FOUGHT AT VAFANGOW
DEPORTED MEN MAY BE SENT
THROUGH TO MEXICAN BOUNDARY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 15, 1904.
Isaac Blackman, arrested last week
with a wagon load of articles he had
stolen from the basement of a house
on McAllister street, and Thomas Nee,
accused of being his accomplice, were
booked at the City Prison yesterday
by Detectives O'Dea and Mulcahy on
five charges of burglary. Morris
Blackman, Isaac's father, was booked
on a charge of having stolen goods in
his possession. At the Blackman
home, 220 Langton street, the detec
tives on Saturday found a large quan
tity of goods which have .since been
identified by owners.
Basement Burglars Charged.
From Los Angeles — Miss I. Clarke,
Mrs. F. C. Howes. Miss Howes, at the
Park Avenue; Miss F. Jones, C. B.
Jones and wife, at the Holland House.
From Santa Barbara — P. Richardson,
at the Holland; C F. Edwards, at the
Murray Hill
Fron San Diego— S. G. Ingle, at the
Bartholdi.
From San Francisco— F. Dleckmann,
at the Broadway Central; E. W. Ehr
mann, at the Grand Union; C.'F. Han-
Ion, at the Hotel Savoy; H. Heyneman,
at the N'etherland; C. R. Kirchner, at
the Belvidere; G. Rose and wife, at the
Hotel Cadillac; F. Schwabacher, at the
Wellington; H. Williams, at the Grand
Union; B. Ardleigh. at the Continental;
R. C. Bertheau, Mies A. Bertheau, at
the York; II. C. Batsford, at the Ken
sington; Dr. P. H. Flood, at the Hol
land; C. H. HJul. J. H. HJul. at the
Broadway Central; Miss H. Martin, J.
C. Martin Jr. and wife, at the St.
Denis; Mrs. McCallum, at the Grand
Union; J. McLaren, at the Herald
Square; J. Simmlne and wife, at the
Belvidere; J. A. Young and wife, at the
Holland.
NEW YORK, June 14.— The following
Californians are registered in New
York:
2
ADVEB.TISEMENT&
AJ?U EBTISEUBMTa*
ipi Workers--
i||g||§Jl Men and women who have to meet ex-
nr ..--jirn cessive demands upon their strength,
j|Pj|gjfi - brain and nerves find in
tmk M4HEUSER-BU SC// .
'm%M' J '-' TimBHSi^M ' v T »° B *****
MJ^^^J^^R^HJ refreshment and vitality. It induces
P^W^I^^l^^j* greater strength, clearer thinking: and
I ypffi^vfffifn, better capacity for work.
f^Sf^S$*§™^ The pure nutriment of best malt
r^4xK™SSSM««fiS and hops-not intoxicating:.
|^^»^«^^"Sm|iSS1^ • Sold by Drug rf«t». Prepared by
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
IhP; - liftS^SdOHBaBw Devote half-a-day of your World's Fair vUlt ta a trip t«
the Anheu«er-Bujch Brewerr. It will repay you.
: ¦_ r _. L . j ._._ n _ n _, J . L .,_ njun _-_- c
o~ ; ; -¦¦¦---¦-----.-¦-----^¦- - ->
Special Excursion
j To the World's Fair and : : : : :
\ National Democratic Convention. ;
Thursday, June 28.
Round Trip C A «50
THROUGH PULLMAN AND
*|*/Nf ID ICf* /"* A O C '
* V \J XV. Id X \jJ"\ XVO • • • . •
j Take the Rock Island System and you pass the
! Sierra Nevadas and famous Rocky Mountain Scenery of
•* Colorado by daylight, arriving in St. Louis for the
; opening of the convention.
:¦ .'... ' "." . ' ¦ '&-§
'< Full Information on Request.
I lilil^BMNlllI '' " Caller Write.
| JKSl^Y/jfviH! RUTHERFORD, D. P. A»»
*23 Market Street,
Jj^- . Chicken Pot Pie. iS
jgf\ °A/rJ Matehal* : — Onc large chicken, *
f^fr^lly /" °fy4 onc P ound Jcan h» m » four potatoes,
: SlIt ' onc uart s " lf " tC( * our » limni
"-^ggtr^^X^l^y one cupful shortening. Wz33
Lea & Perrins*
>auce
THE ORICrNAL WORCESTERSHIRE
Seasoning.* — To remedy possible insipidity in this standard dish is
easy if you have on hand a bottle of Lea <& Perrins* Sauce. Add
two tablespoonfuls of it to the gravy and the trick is done.
;; ,.\y ¦ . • - JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, Ajent., NEW YORK. ,Property Is Left In Trust for the Ben-
cflt of the Immediate
CHICAGO, June 14.— Lev! Z. Letter's
will is ready for filing in Washington,
D. C. It was agreed by members of the
family that the Probate Court of
Washington be the scene of the pro
ceedings/
From persons well advised of the
contents of the will Its salient features
are learned to be as follows: , .
The estate Is estimated at between
$25,000,000 and $30,000,000." The property,
in the main, is to be left in trust for
the immediate relatives. Joseph Lelter,
the son, and Mrs. Lelter, the widow,*
are to be among the executors. Joseph
Letter is to have charge of the man
agement of' the affairs until the. Pro
bate Court proceedings are ended.
LEITER'S ESTATE WORTH
THIRTY MILLION DOLLARS
a:30 o'clock, Assistant Jailers
McGurn and Michael Corcoran whist
ling a wedding march after the happy
pair^ had passed Into, the office. ,.A
shower of old shoes was thrown after
the party as it passed along the corri
dors of the Jail.
The young woman is 24 years old and
a native of St. Louis.
Japanese Paper . of Honolulu An
nounces That 3500 Subjects of
Mikado Want to Leave.
HONOLULU, June 14. — The Hawa
iian Shinpo, a Japanese paper pub
lished here, says. there are 3500 Jap
anese In the Hawaiian Islands who
want to go to San Francisco, but that
they, are unable to secure passage on
the regular liners to the coast They
are trying to charter a steamship in
San Francisco to come down here and
get them.
LITTLE BROWX MEN ANXIOUS
TO COME TO SAX FRANCISCO
TOMBSTONE. Ariz., June 14.— The
recent revelations regarding the whole
sale forgery and distribution of bogus
certificates, entitling Chinese to enter
the United States, has caused tremend
ous agitation among the Chlnise popu
lation in the Territory. The fraud was
discovered and exploded just In . time
to save the Territory from being flood
ed with Chinese. Such of them as
have managed to enter the United
States on these certificates will be
fcuf-edilv sifted out and deported.
Chinese Who Profited by the Fraudu
lent Certificates Will Be De
ported When Found.
I3IMIGRA'*IOX FRAUDS
CAUSE EXCITEMENT
CHICAGO, June 14.— Although a
prisoner In the county Jail under.sen
tence; of fourteen years' imprisonment
for murder, _;udolph Hoppa was made
happy to-day when he became hus
band of Clara Crowell. The ceremony
was performed In the private office of
Jailer John Whitman, Rev. Father
O'Brien being the officiating clergy
man. Two sisters of charity wer: wit-,
nesses to the ceremony and Whltma'n
gave the bride away. Considerable af
fection was displayed by the couple and
with a bunch of red roses in her hand,
the happy bride soon after left 'the
jail. Hoppa was led back to his" cell,
where he received the congratulations*
of his fellow . prisoners.
The wedding march was begun at
Special Dispatch to Tht Call.
Woman Becomes Wife of
~ Man Serving Fourteen
Years' Sentence for Murder
LEAVES BRIDE
TO GO TO CELL
ST. PAUL, Minn., Jvro 14.— A con
tract was let here to-day to a Tacoma,
Wash., firm for the erection at Tacoma
of a $700,000 hospital building for the
Northern Pacific Rail- iy Employes
Beneficial Association. This hospital
will occupy more than one city block
in Tacoma and will shelter the injured
and sick employes of the road. It Is
to be under the direct control of the
employes of the road.
Erect at Tacoma $700,000 Home
for Slct.
Men Workinjj for Northern Pacific to
RAILROAD EMPLOYES LET
CONTRACT FOR HOSPITAL
SANTA BARBARA. June 14. — To
night more than 200 delegates to the
twenty-second annual convention of
the Southern California Woman's
Christian Temperance Union, which
convened in this city to-day, were
given a reception at the Methodist
Church. Addresses of welcome were
delivered by representatives of the
city and responded to by several dele
gates. The convention will continue
until Friday noon, three sessions to
be held each day.
State Assemble at Santa
Barbara.
Many Prominent Workers of the
RECEPTION' GIVEN' TO
TEMPERANCE DELEGATES
Praise a ivojnan for th* qualities sh«»
doesn't posses and she'll worship you.
weeks of tie up on the great lakes that
has directly Involved only a couple of
thousand men, but indirectly more
than 100.000 men, who have been Idle
because of its existence, a cessation
was brought to th2 strike to-night by
the surrender of the masters, who,
with the pilots*, have been holding out
for a more uniform scale of wages.
* - -
Struggle for Uniform Scale of Wages,
Which Brought Idleness to 100,000
Men, Is Terminated.
CLEVELAND. June 14.— After six
MASTERS AND PILOTS
KND STRIKE ON LAKES
DENVER. June 14. — City Detective
Samuel H. Emrich was to-day sen
tonred to the State penitentiary for
riot less than fourteen and not more
than rlxteen year?' imprisonment for
murder of William Malone, a sa
loon-keeper.
Dr-trrfirc Sentenced for Murder
NEW YORK. June 14. — The old
Hoffman House — all the old and a
larger part of the hotel — which has
been for over thirty years the infor
mal headquarters of the national
Democratic committees and one of the
greatest resorts' for turfmen in the
city, is about to be torn down and re
built. This decision has just been
reached by tha directors of the com
pany. The plan has been under con
sideration for several years. An In
teresting landmark In the portion -to
be rebuilt is the cafe, famous for its
display of pictures.
Marrli of Progress Dooms Famous
New York Caravansary— Cafe
Will Be Preserved.
OLD HOFFMAN HOUSE
TO BE TORN DOWN
The question of recommending a
national x committeeman may not be
taken up before the delegation arrives
In Chicago, as the chairman suggests
that all the members should be pres
ent when the subject Is considered.
The delegation will also recommend
one of Its members for appointment
on the committee of notification. It
will' be the duty* of this committee to
visit the President and notify him of
his nomination. It Is suggested that
Governor Pardee, for whom the Pres
ident entertains very high rega'rd,
should be designated for this distin
guished duty. . It is also suggested
that M. A. Gunst, on account of ac
quaintance with the chief magistrate,
ought to be recommended. The fur
ther suggestion is made that A. Ruef,
who is about ready to make his first
journey beyond tlffe Sierra, should
have something more than a banquet
to signalize his initial outing.
ANOTHER COUNTY.
For the first time in the history of
The Californiajielegation to the Na
tional Republican Convention will
leave San Francisco for Chicago at 1 1
a. m. to-day. The special train en
gaged by the delegation will leave the
Oakland mole station shortly after the
departure of the overland limited. It
is expected that the special will reach
Chicago about 9 a. m. on Saturday
next. Judge J. W. McKlnley of L03
Angeles, chairman of the delegation,
arrived here yesterday. Governor
Pardee will join his colleagues at Sac
ramento this afternoon. Several mem
bers of the delegation wont East some
days ago and will join their asso
ciates In Chicago next Saturday.
The executive committee of the Cal
ifornia League of Republican Clubs,
Ferd K. Rule of Los Angeles, presi
dent, met yesterday forenoon at party
headquarters in the Palace Hotel and
discussed at length topics pertaining to
club organization. General George
Stone, chairman of the State Central
Committee, attended the session. Others
present were Felton Taylor, Henry C.
Dibble, Senator E. I. Wolfe. Orrin
Henderson, Thomas Rickard, J. Harry
Russell and Frank / H. Short, was
the sense of -the executive committee
that ratification meetings should be
held In all cities of California other
than Los Angeles and San Francisco
on Saturday, night, June 25. President
Rule said the ratification In Los An
geles »would take place July 6, the
occasion of the celebration of the
REPUBLICAN LEAGUE.
Yesterday M. A. Ounst wired to Chi
cago requesting that thirty front Seats
be engaged at the race course for next
Saturday afternoon, at which time the
Chicago Derby will be run. Carriages
have been engaged to take the Cali
fornlans to the track.
the world Mendocino County, Cali
fornia, will be represented in a na
tional convention by one of her own
citizens. William Van Allen of Ukiah
gees as the alternate of W. P. Ham
mon of Oroville to represent the Sec
ond Congressional District. It Js said
that Mr. Hanimon, who is a kinsman
of the President, was in line for service
on the committee of notification and
it is therefore hinted that Mr. Van
Allen's claims as alternate should be
considered. George A. Knight is to
have the glory of seconding the nomi
nation of Roosevelt and will accept no
other distinction.
fiftieth anniversary of the birth of the
Republican party.
Senator E. I. Wolfe, Henry C. Dib
ble and Thomas Rickard were ap
pointed a committee to confer with
the Republican State Central Com
mittee and make arrangements for
the ratification meeting in San Fran
cisco. .
PRISON BOARD VACANCY.
The fact that there has been since
January last a vacancy on the State
Board of Prison Directors, occa
sioned by the expiration of the term
of President R. M. Fitzgerald, has
given rise to much speculation as to
his probable successor. Governor
Pardee leaves to-day for Chicago,
and it has been thought that in dis
patching various affairs of state be
fore his departure he would name
the new Prison Director.
It was learned from an authorita
tive sources last night, however, that
the Governor will not take up the
subject until his return from the
East. The candidates who have been
most prominently mentioned in con
nection with the place are W. Frank
Pierce of Oakland, State Senator C.
M." Belshaw of Marin County and B.
U. Steiriman of Sacramento.
During the absence of Governor
Pardee the ship of state will be sailed
by Lieutenant Governor Alden Ander
son. It Is understood that the course
has been given to the latter and that
he will not change it. He will be en
titled, however, to Dreslde at j the
meeting of the Board of Resents, to
command the services of/ the Gov
ernor's stenographers and to occupy
a front seat at the Fourth of July
celebration.
PRESIDENT OF THE STATE LEAGUE OF REPUBLICAN CLUBS AND THE NEAT BADGES WHICH WILL ENTITLE THE
WEAKER TO ADMISSION TO THE CONVENTION HALL AT CHICAGO WHEN THE DELEGATES ASSEMBLE IN THE/
WINDT CITY TO NOMINATE A STANDARD HEARER. . .- •.,'
S. A. D. Jones Succumbs Suddenly,
Death Resulting From Dys
entery.
STOCKTON, June 14. — Judge E. I.
Jones to-night received a cablegram
from Honolulu announcing the death
thexe to-day of his brother, S. A. D.
Jones of San Francisco. The deceased
was 42 years of age and leaves a wife
and four children there. He was well
known in Insurance circles. * His
death was sudden and resulted from
dysentery. The body was shipped on
the steamer Alameda to-day, to arrive
in San Francisco early next week.
SAN FRANCISCAN PASSES
: 'V AWAY IX HONOLULU
The quest is considered * almost
hopeless, but the Navy Department is
anxious to do everything possible to
find the ship.
WASHINGTON, June 14. — The
cruiser Tacoma will sail from San
Francisco June 2Q to 7 search for the
merchant steamship Conemaugh,
which has not been heard of since she
left a Chilean port several months ago
bound for New York. Commander
Nicholson of the Tacoma has been in
structed to proceed to Coronel. Chile,
and thence to follow the track of the
Conemaugh around Cape Horn to
Santa Lucia. W. I.
Navy Department Orders Cruiser Ta
coma to Start on Quest for
. Vessel.
SEARCH FOR CONEMAUGH
IS SOON TO COMMENCE
Brilliant Society of Friends Attend-*
Wedding of San Franciscan to
Miss Sarah Emery.
BOSTON. June 14. — Miss Sarah
Emery of Allston. daughter of G. D.
Emery, and Charles Tarbell Dudley of
San Francisco, son of General W. W.
Dudley of Washington, were married
at Emmanuel Church this afternoon,
in the presence of a. brilliant society of
friends. Rev. George F. Dudley of
Washington, brother of the groom, per
formed the ceremony, and the bride
! was given away by her father.
j The Marquise de Wentworth of
: Paris, a noted artist and society wom
an, was matron of honor, having come
here especially for the event. W. R.
Bassick of Bridgeport, Conn., was best
man, and the ushers were: Louis Me
Bride. U. S. N.; Herbert Emery, Clin
ton Hall. New York; Clarence Cook.
Hartford; Stuart Hotchkiss. New
Haven; Augustus Blagden. Washing
ton, and TV. N. Dudley, a brother of
the groom, all Yale men.
The bride is a graduate of Bryn
Mawr 1900, and the groom of Yale 1900.
CHARLES T. DUDLEY IiEADS
EASTERN GIRL TO ALTAR
CalJfornians.
WASHINGTON, June 14. — Charles
E. Tucker has been commissioned
postmaster at Fortuna, Cal., and the
following changes among fourth class
postmasters have beon announced:
California — Irwin Dale, Los Angeles
County, Edgar R. Coffman. vice W. S.
Glover, resigned; Lewiston, Trinity
County. Elisha S. Kise, vice Walter J.
Baker, rerirned.
?Th.<* follow! xie" ps. tents Ti3.vc been is*
California— Gardner E. Beach. Oakland.
fcrtp rri^ter; Df*"itt A. Rendetic. t?aa Uernar
dmo apparatus for removing snow from rail
»iiy tracks: Arthur V. Iirjuilry. Oakland, elrc
trtaal s.tarkin« fcrnittr for explosive engine*;
Jt.hn *?. lirtnrs. Lsrr An*rel<*. trolley wheels;
James 1>. I'.robst, San Mateo. wa*h boiler;
Ray G. Coat»-«. PafP.d-na. mowing;
Jarces M. i>yer. Dougiat Cttjr, crushing and
Krindirg mill; I»uis E. Kapus. San KranciEro.
«¦< '.f-adjusting v.^ist; Jarr.f* \V. Pulton. Po
, muni, frorl prevmi^r; Halph B. Haiti, as-
Blfet.or to Autu Vehicle Coni|>any, l>cs Angeles,
eaiety spark shitting device for explosive en
gines: Stephen B. Hfrrlc k. assimor to Vulcan
Iron Works. San Kranrisco, valve; Krank H.
Jlalley. Stockton, traveling harvester; Hamuel
V. Jackfcon, Sflma, i-tove; Robert W. Jessup.
»•;•.- !jjikt to Helt Separator CcrapaiV/.
Han Kranclnco. separator; Thomas EL Lee.
« "hulavisUL. door oi^ner; Altxrt If. Mrrrl!!.
Florence, tabular reference device; Thomas A.
Olkmiw:! an<l A. <Z. Willard. Los Anpeles.
reamer and drill; '"alvin H. Rnmr, Suisun.
tv pencil; Louis A. Schulic. San Francisco, oil
li'jrner: Kvertiari StKte. Mill Valley, rxpji>5l«-e:
A'.fred T. Stinnor. l^ureka. rotary engine;
J'rank Fcrramorcr. h'an Kranclson. com: Jam^s
W. Van Meter an<J M. P. Boss. San Francisco.
-.••:« trr concentration of mineral* by
t'KMns of otl; James fc". Wallace. Anderson,
traction vehicle; Arthur Willard. I<iS-Arp-lf5,
ur.der rea.m«?r; William Wllliamr. Oakland,
rnecnn for workire st:ip*: Charles M. Younj.
fc'an Francisco, <M<>«iire tot brittle?.
Washington— William Kis-nhauer. Ppokan<\
hallnjt pre«»; Philip F. Palmer. Spokane, com
bination diviners and <a!;p»rj; F'lirund A.
Smith. «"olby. composite pile; John II. Pprague.
f-eattle. Vacuum lifter; Andrew Wren. Seattle.
Orecon— Henry C. Morgan. Eugene, device
for openln* and closing gat»«.
Many Changes Made In the Postal
Service — Patents Issued to
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON. June 14.— In the
matter of the charges of Thomas A.
Edison against two examiners In the
Patent Office, In connection with the
grant of letters patent for an electrical
Invention to Ernest W. Jungge. the
Secretary of the Interior has approved
an opinion rendered by Assistant At
torney General Campbell. The opinion
holds that nothing is shown in Edison's
petition that involves any cause for the
exercise of supervisory authority at the
hands of the Secretary, and for that
reason the Secretary is advised that
the Commissioner of Patents should- be
left to his own discretion in dealing
with this matter.
Hitchcock Refuses to Exercise Su
pervisory Authority Over Af
fairs in Uio Patent Ofiice.
SECRETARY OF INTERIOR
WILL NOT INTERFERE
PETALUMA. June 14.— The annual
encampment of the northern division
of 1 the G. A. R. will be held ra this
city this week, opening to-morrow. To
day the advance guards were busy
pitching tents at Kenilworth Park.
Chief among the guard are "Patriarch"
Judge A. J. Buckles of Solano County
and Past President N. Conner of
Calls toga. The camp is to be. named
Camp Pardee, and Adjutant General
Loucks, N. G. C. .will, visit the camp
during the week representing the Gov
ernor for whom the camp is named.
To-morrow will be a day of reception,
Thursday will be Petaluma day, when
an extended programme will be carried
out, the veteran guard of Oakland with
a. band will encamp with the associa
tion. The guard will engage with
Company C. the local militia company,
in a sham battle on Saturday. Divis
ion President J. L. Wlnans and re
ception committee of Antletam Post
are tAisy extending the hand of wel
come to the many visitors arriving.
Sonoma Town Is Busy Prcparins for
the Gathcriiis of the Northern
Division.
G. A. K. VETERANS - ; -. '
MEET IX PETALUMA
The bridesmaids were Miss Alice
Roosevelt, Miss Frances Grlscom, Misa
Adelaide Jordan, Miss Esther White
Harrison, Miss Pauline Blddle; Misa
Edith Bruen. cousin of the bride, of
Philadelphia; Miss Marion Haven and
Miss Nora Iselin of New York. Goelet
was attended by Ogden Mills of New
York, who acted as best man.
A reception followed at "Clovelly,"
the residence of the bride's parents,
near Devon. The bride Is the daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Whelan.
She has been an acknowledged belle
not only of this city, but also of New
York and Newport.
PHILADELPHIA. June 14. — Miss
Elsie Whelan of this city and Robert
Goelet of New York were married to
day in the Church of SI. Mary at
Wayne, a fashionable suburb. The
ceremony was performed by Bishop
McVicar of Rhode Island, assisted by
Rev. Floyd Tomkins of this city.
MISS WHELAN
THE BRIDE OF
ROBERT GOELET
In Europe the word Americans has
conSe to signify simply people from
the United States. Those from other
parts of the western hemisphere are
railed South or Central Americans,
Mexicans, Brazilians and so on, while
this country'6 neighbors in the north
ere always referred to as Canadians.
In accordance with these orders
all new etamos, record books and sta
tionary be engraved as may be
proper with "American Embassy,"
"American Legation," "American Con
sulate" or "American Consular Agen
cy." The state seals will be similarly
altered.
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON.
WASHINGTON. D. C. June 14.—Sec
retary Hay haa directed that here
after the term United States Embassy,
Legation or Consulate will give way
to the name American Embassy, Le
gation or Consulate.
This Interesting change is made In
the direction of euphony. It Is a con
cession to the popular usage for years
of the term American Embassador.
The diplomatics representative of this
Government in England has been called
the American Embassador instead of
the United States Embasiador. The
word American is believed by the Pres
ident and Secretary Hay to be far
more dignified and impressive than
that of the United States, as well as
being more brief. Then, too, there are
other United States in the world be
tides ours, the United Statee of Colom
bia for Instance.
Special Dltpateh to Tb« Call.
Lieutenant Fisher was convicted of
duplicating his fjay accounts, but Sec
retary Taft and" General Chaffee rec
ommended, that because of lack of
proof of criminal intent the sentence of
dismissal be commuted to reduction of
100 in lineal rank.
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON.
WASHINGTON. June 14.— First Lieu
tenant Henry L. Harris Jr.. Twenty
second Infantry, stationed in the Phil
ippines, and Second Lieutenant Samuel
H. Fisher, Twenty-eighth Infantry,
stationed at San Francisco, have been
saved from dismissal from the army
by President Roosevelt.
Lieutenant Harris was convicted of
abusive conduct and drunkenness on
duty, but the courtmartlal sentence
contained a recommendation for clem
ency. The findings were approved by
Major General Wood and Indorsed by
Secretary Taft and General Chaffee.
The President commuted the sentence
of dismissal to reduction of fifty files
In lineal rank.
Special DUpatch to The Call,
The money taken from Lyon consist
ed of seven $100 gold certificates, eight
$10 notes and a $5 note. ,
ST. LOUIS. Ma, June 14.— "William S.
Lyon ol^Syi Francisco reported to
Chief of Detectives Desmond to-day
that as he was assisting his wife to
escape from a crowd which was Jost
ling her $785 was stolen from his poc
kets. He said that he intended to de
part for his home In a few days, but
would return to prosecute If the thief
were arrested. He" described the pick
pocket as about 40 years old, of dark
complexion, having a sandy mustache
and wearing dark clothes.
.According to Lyon. he was waiting
at^he entrance of the resort for a car
when he and his wife were surrounded
by six or seven men. One, he says,
jc-stled his wife, so as to attract his
attention to her and another man rob
bed him. >- I '-'
Special Dispatch to The Cell
President and Secretary Be
lieve New Title Is More
Dignified and Euphonious
Loss of Place in Files Is
Only Punishment- of Lieu
tenants Fisher and Harris
Victim Describes the Robber
and Says He W T as Assisted
by Several Confederates
REDUCES THEM IN RANK
POLICE ARE NOTIFIED
ORDERS ISSUED BY HAY
President Shows Clemency
to Two Officers Sentenced
to Dismissal From Army
Hereafter Representatives of
the United States Will
Be Known as "Americans"
Picks Pocket of San Fran
ciscan While Latter Is
Helping Wife Out of Crowd
CHANGES TITLE
OF DIPLOMATS
LOSE NUMBERS
BUT SAVE BARS
CLEVER THIEF
MAKES A HAUL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY/JUNE 15, 1904.
National Committeeman Will. Not Be Chosen Until the Delegation Meets in
the Convention City— Honor of Serving on the Committee to Notify
President— Governor Pardee Will Join His Colleagues at Sacramento
DELEGATES LEAVING TO-DAY EXPECT
TO ARRIVE IN CHICAGO SATURDAY
3
ADVERTISEMENTS*
Open Sores
ran be cleaned out, the suppura-
tion stopped, and a cure effected
by the use of
Only morbid matter is destroyed
by this marvelous eermicide, which
allows Nature to build up healthy
tissue. Absolutely harmless.
Used and endorsed by leading
physicians everywhere.
Sold by leading druggists, or trial
bottle sect, prepaid, on receipt of
I 25 cents.
The genuine bears my signature
on every bottle. Address
7KCr-T>U>W iMklf t «• lit U Tml Mmw.
CO B a C\ Outfits, Gum, Animunl-
*O Ifl rl I I llcn - Fi** 1 '"? anJ Outlr-c
ft ¦ ClJn KV '¦'"¦oce. Testa uni Gun to
rJJaUHa Rent. (;atalo« free.
fit I i B I EIIREVE & BARBER CO.
tin Kwny St.. B. f. »
All over this Coast,
Schilling's Best is in every-
one's mouth :
tea btkiftf-pewder f^tees
cc£ce ttvanri extract! t cc»
They go far to make living
ADVERTISEMENTS x
IF YOU ARE GOING TO THE
CHICAGO or ST. LOUIS
CONVENTION
OR TO THF
WORLD'S FAIR
We'll outfit you for the trip from tip to toe for
little money . ./.*\.\. ...... . tv
MARK CROSS CO.
LONDON
We are sole agents in San Francisco for the cele-
brated English-made leather specialties of the
Mark Cross Co., London.' Leather goods of
all kinds, Belts' for men and women, Purses, Mono-
gram Fobs, Travelers' Accessories, etc
In our Kearny-street windows: Underwear — the
kind that wears and looks well. The largest and
best assortment of Balbriggan, Linen, Silk, Merino,
in every variety of texture.
The most complete and up-to-date novelties in
Pajamas — the comfortable slumber garment — in
Madras, Pongee, Linen, Flannel and Silk, at prices
Traveling Necessaries
Valises, Grips, Rugs, Shawl Straps. Sole agents
for California for the world -renowned
INNOVATION TRUNKS
t for men and women. No others can compare with
* them for convenience and perfection in packing.
ROQS BROS.
\ KE A RN Y AT POST
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
LIFE .SAVED BY SWAMP-ROOT
The Wonderful Kidney, Liver and
Bladder Remedy. -
SAMPLE BOTTLE SENT FREE BY MAIL
Swamp-Root, discovered by the emi-
nent kidney and bladder specialist,
promptly cures kidney, liver, bladder and
uric acid troubles.
Some of the early symptoms of weak
kidneys are pain or dull ache in the back,
rheumatism, dizziness, headache, ner-
vousness, catarrh of the bladder, gravel
or calculi, bloating, sallow complexion.
puffy or dark circles under the eyes, sup-
pression of urine, or compelled to pass
water often day and nijht.
The mild and extraordinary effect of
the world-famous kidney remedy. Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root Is soon realized.
It stands the highest for Us wonderful
cures of the most distressing cases. If
you need a medicine you should have tha
best.
Swamp-Root Is not recommended for
everything, but If you have kidney, liver,
bladder or uric acid trouble you will find
It Just the remedy you need.
Sold by druggists In nfty cent and
one dollar sizes. You may have a sample
bottle of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root and
a pamphlet that tells all about It. includ-
ing many of the thousands of letters re-
cetved from sufferers cured, both sent
free by mall. Write Dr. Kilmer & Co..
Blnghamton. X. Y.. and please be sure to
mention that you read this generous of-
fer In The San Francisco Daily Call.
Don't make any mistake, but remember
the name. Swamp-Root. Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, and the address. Blngham-
ton. N. Y.. on every bottle.CAMBRIDGE,. Ohio, ttune . 14.— The
Commercial National Bank of this
place failed to open to-day. ( Nostate
merit of the bank's condition ; was ob
tainable. A branch of the Commer
cial, People's Bank, at
Byesville, also closed its doors later in
the day. ¦/•'"
Two Banks Close Doors.
CLEVELAND,- June 14.— E. D. Allen
and his wife were found dead in their
room in ah apartment-house' here,, the
woman having shot her nusband and
then herself. , ., Allen was ; 23 and ; his
wife 20 years of age. , The young : wo
man wrote A farewell .note to, rela
tives. The cause of the tragedy, has
sot been learned.
WIFE KII^LS HER HUSBAND'
, AND ENDS HER OWN LIFE
Professor of Marine Engineering at
Cornell Accepts Chair at Palo Alto
Institution of Learning. '
ITHACA, N. Y., June 14.— William F.
Durand, professor of marine | engineer
ing id Sibley College, Cornell Univer
sity, has resigned his. chair to accept
the directorship of the College of Me
chanical Engineering, Leland Stanford
University. ?/$.
Professor Durand graduated from the
United States Naval Academy in 1880,
and .since 1891 has been professor at
Cornell.
DURAND RESIGNS TO COME
TO STANFORD UNIVERSITY
at lone.
SACRAMENTO, June 14.— Carlton
H. Johnson of Sacramento : has been
elected secretary, of the State Indus
trial School at lone. Johnson was for
several years- editor and publisher of
the Tribune, a local labor Journal, in
this city.
Carlton II. Johnson of Sacramento
Is Api>ointed to a Position *
EDITOR MADE SECRETARY
OF INDUSTRIAL- SCHOOL
YOUNG WOMEN MEET ' •
DEATH BY- DROWNING
Boats Slides Away From Bank as
Girls Step Out and Both
Are LosL
PORTLAND, Or., June 14. — A spe
cial dispatch from Pomeroy, Wash.,
says: Bertha Parker and Mabel Din
kins, two young ladies, aged about 20
years, were drowned this morning In
a backwater slough on the. Snake
River at the mouth of Dead Man's
Creek.
It appears in attempting to land the
boat slid away from the bank as the
girls tried to step out. Both bodies
were recovered about two hours after
ward by Jack Carmiere and Gus and
Jim Schneckloth, who dragged* the
slough. The two girls were visiting
at the Schneckloth ranch.
LAWYERS GET SNUG FEE ¦
FOR SETTLING ESTATE
Visalia Attorneys Arc Allowed $13,500
by Tulare County Superior
Court.
VISALIA, June 14. — In closing up the.
Jacob estate, valued at $800,000, Bradley
& Farnsworth of this city were to-day
allowed fees to the amount of $13,500
by Judge W. B. Wallace. Rosenbaum
& Sheeline, ¦attorneys of San Fran
cisco, asked fees to the amount of
J7500, but were allowed $1500.
SACRAMENTO. June 14. — A. . S.
Greenlaw, , who had filled the office of
Treasurer of Sacramento County, for
inany years, died last night in Union,
Me., his old home, where he had gone
on a visit several weeks ago. , De
ceased was a native of Maine, aged '74
years. The remains will be brought
here for interment.
A. S. Greenlaw of Sacramento Passes
Away While on a Visit to
His Old Home.; , .'«
FORMER TREASURER
DIES IN MAINE
Visalia City Water Works. William
Kettner, who has been the manager
for four years, has retired. J. S.
Johnson, the new manager, owns prac
tically all "of the 1 stock.
ilan Who Succeeds Former Superin
tendent Owns Practically AH
of the Stock.
VISALIA, June 14.— To-day a change
was effected in the management of the
NEW MANAGEMENT FOR . .
VISALIA WATER SUPPL.Y
GRADUATES OF BERKELE1'
WIN LAlfRELS IN EAST
Allen R. Powers of San Francisco and
\V. B. Greeley of Oakland Honor
Students at Yale.
NEW HAVEN, Conn,, June 14.—
Among the students who will graduate
with honors for original research from
the Yale Forestry School June 29 are
Allen Raymond Powers of San Fran
cisco and William Buckhout Greeley of
Oakland, Cal.
'Powers graduated from the Univer-.
slty of California in the B. S. degree in
1902, and Greeley from the same insti
tution with the same distinction in 1901.
SHIP AMERICA COMING
WITH HEAVY CARGO
Ilawailan Liner From New York
Ixraves San Diejjo for North
ern Ports.
SAN DIEGO. June 14.— The steam
er American of the Hawaiian line sail
ed this evening for San Francisco af
ter discharging about 2000 tons of
general merchandise here. She is
from New. York and has 6000 tons of
freight still on board for San Fran
cisco, Puget Sound and Honolulu.
Vessel Should Have Arrived at Syd
ney, Australia, With Lumber Cargo
Twenty-Five Days Ago.
TACOMA, Wash., June 14. — Tacoma
shipping men feej considerable 'un
easiness for the schooner Matthew
Turner, out from Tacoma for Sydney,
Australia, with a lumber cargo, 100
days. The voyage should take about
seventy-five days. Captain Treaner
had with him his wlSa • and children
and a crew of ten or twelve men.
THE MATTHEW TURNER
NOW LONG OVERDUE
PORTLAND^ Or., June 14. — On
conviction of conspiracy to defraud
the Government by means of false and
fraudulent affidavits filed in support
of pension claims, T. A. Wood and
Hosea Wood were to-day sentenced in
the United States court to pay fines
of $1000 and $250 respectively. In ad
dition they must pay the costs, which
amount to about $1200. They will not
appeal the case. /
Court Sentences the Woods to Pay
$J000 and $250 Respectively
for Fraud.
FATHER AND SON FINED
FOR CONSPIRACY WORK
Pardee Signs Commutations of Sen
tence for Five Convicts Before
Going East.
SACRAMENTO, June 14.— Governor
Pardee to-day made the following
commutations of sentence:
John Bryan, sentenced in Sonoma
County in 18S6 to twenty years on two
charges of burglars', to be released July
11, 1904.
James Thornton, sentenced in Solano
County in 1891 to life imprisonment
for robbery, to be released June 27,
1904.
Richard Dalton. sentenced In Fresno
County in 1901 to six years fpr grand
larceny, t6 be released June 20, 1904.
"Jack" Brooks, sentenced in Fresno
County in 1894 to life imprisonment,
to be released August 29, 1904.
William Berry, sentenced in Alameda
County in May, 1904, to 100 days in the
County Jail for indecency, to be re
leased u:>on receipt of the commuta
tion by. the jail officials. *
GOVERNOR IS MERCIFUL
ON EVE OF DEPARTURE
. NEW .YORK, June 14.— A verdict for
$1,000,000, with interest for one year
and eleven months, making a total of
$1,100,000, was returned by a jury be
fore Justice Spencer of the Supreme
Court, in Brooklyn, to-day, in the suit
of Morris Menges against General
Louis Fitzgerald for services rendered
In bringing about the sale of the
Western Maryland Railroad to a syndi
cate. George Gould and other promi
nent capitalists appeared as witnesses.
vices in Connection With Sale
of Railroad.
Verdict Given in Suit for Pay for Ser-
JURY AWARDS -.BROKER
COMMISSION OF $1,000,000
The benefits of the 'new service to
Southwestern Oregon will be manifold.
Prior to th? advent of the Breakwater
a trio to San Francisco was a serious
undertaking. It, involved either' the
discomforts of a passage of Indefinite
length on a steam schooner or a flfty
two-hciur journey by stage and rail.
The Breakwater can make the run in
a little more than thirty hours under
favorable circumstances and in /less
than; forty hours in heavy weatner.
The country contributory to Coos
Bay includes some cf the richest tim
ber, and mineral land on the Pacific
slope. With the Breakwater * on the
run a visit tb this" section will have
no' terror for the capitalist in search
of Investment. ' The Breakwater was a
favorite • with travelers for health and
pleasure when New Orleans was her
home port, and as the comforts which
then made her popular have been re
tained," the trip to Coos Bay offers un
limited vacation .possibilities. 1 The.
ocean .voyage can be made in comfort
and within easy reach of . Marshflelds
is a sportsman's paradise.
The country is full of . game and the
streams are well' stocked with salmon
and ¦: trout. Ducks and other birds are
plentiful and- for the sportsman in
search of big game deer and bear are
there in abundance.'
The Breakwater will leave Howard
street wharf , to-day at 5 o'clock on
her second trip to the Oregon port.
The Mayor of Marshfleld and every
citizen of prominence joined in greet
ing the hew steamer, and during the
Breakwater's stay In port the town
made a holiday. There was entertain
ment on board the Breakwater and en
tertainment ashore, »:lth speeches of
congratulation, sp^ecno of welcome,
music, banquets, more music and then
a'good-by that carried with U a wel
come for the next time.
The Breakwater is undoubtedly the
best c-QuIpped passenger steamer in the
coast trade. She has accommodations
for fcrty first-class and twenty sec
ond-class cabin passengers. Besides
having\all the comforts of a first-class
ocean liner the Breakwater is speedier
than anv boat ever before on this run.
On her first trip she made better time
by, twelve hours than the. best previ
,ous trip of other j vessels and more
than a day better than the average
coaster makes the run. The Break
water will make one trip a week.
- WILL BENEFIT COUNTRY.
The steamer was tied up to the wharf
to the accompaniment of music. Every
brass instrument in Marshfield was In
commission and the most powerful
lungs in Southwestern Oregon supplied
the power which filled the . metal
throats of the trumpets with the blasts
of welcome.
John D. Sprecke,ls & Bros. Company's
steamer Breakwater arrived late Mon
day from her first trip' to Coos Bay.
Her return here was like that of any
other coaster, but Captain George Sea
man did not care, for his ears were
still tingling with the warmth of the
welcome which the people of the Ore
welcome with which the people of the
Oregon port had greeted the new
steamer. •
The Breakwater's arrival at j Coos
Bay . was the signal for one of the
greatest celebrations the thriving' town
of Marshfield. has eveK: kno^n. , The
ii;auguration;of the newsservice meant
rapid transit Ao the 'outside world and
a good-by to the discomforts of travel
by , steam schooner or the tedium . of
journeying over rocky roads in a high
strung stage coach — the only alterna
tives before the traveler prior to the
coming of the Breakwater. »
A ROUSING WELCOME.
Vincent Kerens, in an interview, ad
mitted the genuineness of the note, but
declared the paper was non-negotiable
and that under the law Sheedy could
not recover on it. The elder Kerens
said that his son fell into the hands of
sharpers and that the note given to
Pierce was the outcome.
ST. LOUIS, June 14.— Vincent Kerens,
son of Republican National-^ Com
mitteenian Richard C. Kerens, 1 and a
prominent young* society man of St.
Louis, Is named as defendant in a suit
filed in the Circuit Court by Pat
Sheedy, a well-known sporting man, to
recover $20,000 on an alleged promissory
note which he avers Kerens'gave to a
man named Arthur Pierce, now dead,
at Ostend, Belgium, July 30, 1900. In
his petition Sheedy states that the note
came into his possession "in the usual
course of business."
Ganjblcr Sues Son of Republican Xa
, tional Coninirtteeman Kerens for
$20,000 on Notes.
PAT SHEEDY PLAINTIFF ., v "
IN SUIT FOR LARGE SUM
A similar fire is burning near Beal
villa, In the Tehachapi Mountains, but
this is now known to be under, full
control and has done no damage to
any buildings or property other, than
feed. .
BAKERSFIELD, June 14.— A fierce
fire is raging in the Tejon Mountains,
south of Bakersfleld, and has been
plainly seen from the city. The fire is
In an isolated part, where communica
tion is extremely difficult, and all ef
forts to secure definite information
tb-day has resulted in failure. The
location of the^ blaze is at present re
mote from any of the, large ranches —
about thirty miles, so far as. can be
judged — and it is thought that there is
no chance of any being reached by the
flames. — -
Flames Desolate Isolated Region, but
the Large Rancbes Are Said
to Be. Secure.
FIERCE FIRES RAGING
IN TE.IQN MOUNTAINS
(STEAMER BREAKWATER, WHICH WAS GIVEN A ROUSING RECEPTION BY THE PKOPLE OP MARSHF1ELO AN') VICIN
ITY UPON HER ARRIVAL. AT THE OREGON PORT IN HONOR OF THE INAUGURATION OF THE NEW AND IMPROVED
PASSENGER SERVICE TO THIS CITY. /"
LOS ANGELES, June 14.— A. J. Tay
lor, who in connection with Masterson &
Christie is charged with defrauding the
Continental Building and Loan Associ
ation of San Francisco out of various
sums aggregating more than $100,000,
to-day withdrew his plea of not guilty
in the Superior Court and entered a
plea of guilty. Judge Smith thereupon
sentenced him to serve five years in
San Quentin.
The scene in the court room when
Taylor entered his plea of guilty' was
affecting. His young wife and little
daughter were present. Taylor is 1 28
years old. Masterson was, present in
court at the time sentence was ' pro
nounced. Christie's ' trial is set v for
June 18.
Affecting Scene ia^Court When Los
Angeles Embezzler Is Sentenced
to Prison. <
TAYLOR STOPS TRIAIi
BY PLEADING GUILTY
Advices from Laurel, Mont., 200 miles
east of this city, tell of a safe robbery
at that place in which about $2500 was
taken. The safe crackers are believed
to be members of a gang which crack
ed safes of the Billings Laundry and
Lumber Company a month ago, steal*.
ing over $8000 in cash and diamonds.
BUTTE. Mont., June 14.— A special
dispatch from Pipestone Springs, fifty
miles east of Butte, says that the safe
of the Burkhardt Hotel was dyna
mited early ' this morning and over
$2700 belonging to the hotel manage
ment and guests was secured by ban
dits. Jewelry and watcnes were not
molested. There is no clew to the rob
bers. '&:-**
Secure $2700 Belonging to Proprietor
and Gnests-^-Gang of Burglars
Said to Be at Work.
ROBBERS USE DYNAMITE
TO BLOW OPEX HOTEL SAFE
Twenty-eight firms or individuals
suffered losses from the fire. These
were: E. Breslauer, the Goldsteins,
Alexander Company, Ophlr Saloon, S.
Ewell & Co., Mercury office, E. J.
Mitchell, Kusel & Son, T. J. Kelly, A.
Howard. Great American Tea Store,
Mrs. S. Woolever, J. H. Bowers, A. C.
Hatch, S. Asher, Dr. H. J. Graham,
Dr. E. H. Xewbold. Dr. J. W. Wilson,
Dr. Bessac, Fred Estep, Union Hotel,
C. S. Topping, G. W. Braden, Mrs. J.
M. Brock, A. Goldstein, Friesleben Es
tate, Mrs. A. Ostroski, K. M. Green,
Mrs. John C. Gray and Ophir Hard
ware Company. The fire will not inter
fere with the celebration of the Fourth
of July.
The explosion of a hot water boiler
in the restaurant spread the flames to
adjoining wooden structures. The con
cussion when the boiler exploded broke
many plate glass windows in the vicin
ity and especially those in the front
of the Union Hotel. The flames spread
to the wooden part of the Oroville Mer
cury office, which, like the three places
above, was destroyed. The main of
fice in a brick building escaped. The
fire reached to the north and soon a
row of fine stores were all ablare. The
stores were those of the Goldsteins, H.
Breslauer and E. J. Mitchell. The sa
loon of J. M. McClung was soon de
stroyed. The fire then swept to the
east and caught the two-story brick
structure owned by Mrs. Amelia Os
troski of £an Francisco.
In this block were the following: F.
G. Hatch, grocery; George D. Peters,
saloon; Sol Asher, dry goods, and J. H.
Bowers, confectionery and book store.
AH were destroyed or very badly dam
aged. In the upper part of the building
were the offices of Dr. J. W. Wilson,
Dr. E. H. Newbold; Dr. H. J. Graham,
dentist; Dr. Bessac and Fred Estep.
Practically nothing was saved from
any of the quarters. Eight streams of
water were playing on the fire, yet
they were unable to check the flames.
OROVILLE, June 14.— The losses
from this morning's fire foot up about
$129,500, with an insurance of between
$65,000 and $70,000. The fire started in
the rear of the Palace restaurant, a
large wooden building on Myers street,
and before a stream of water could
reach it the fire had reached the rooms
of the Chamber of Commerce and the
hardware store of T. J. Kelly, all situ
ated In the same building.
PORTLAND, Or., June 14. — Because
her father refused consent to their
marriage and debarred him from the
house, Frank Guglielmo, an Italian
saloon-keeper, shot and killed his 16
year-old sweetheart, Freda Garascia,
this afternoon while she. was alone
with two younger children in the
house.
Guglielmo then rushed to his saloon,
took out what money there was in
the safe and started on a bicycle for
Linnton, ten miles away. The shoot
ing occurred at 4:30 o'clock and
Guglielmo reached Linnton before G
o'clock. Meanwhile descriptions of
the murderer had been telephoned to
all surrounding towns. Guglielmo was
known in Linnton and was at once
recognized as the man wanted. " But
there wai no one in the little town
willing at first to undertake the ar
rest. A distress message was sent to
the Portland police and an automobile
full of detectives and plain clothes
men was Immediately sent out.
A fast Northern Pacific train would
reach Linnton in a few minutes and
the murderer was evidently waiting
for this train. The automobile made
a record. Before it arrived, however,
Postmaster J. Z. Alcorn had stolen
upon Guglielmo while he was hiding
in the brush and had secured the
drop on him. He gave up without
further resistance and the detectives
brought him back in the automobile
without trouble. Guglielmo's father
was stabbed to death eighteen months
ago.
Special Dispatch to The Call
This is the second time some of the
members qf the board have been in
favor of making a change, for ' two
years ago at the time of his election
for a term of four years he was chosen
by. a very narrow margin.
A large majority of the board has
joined in a petition asking him to re
sign. On his first refusal the board
fixed the salary of the Superintendent
at $300 per year, commencing with
July 1. \-V;
Members of the board say that
while they like Davidson personally,
they do not like his teaching, or rather
his superintendency, nor his business
methods in the conduct of the affairs
of the School Department. They char
acterize his administration as in
efficient. ,¦.:;.'¦-¦:
Davidson declares that he has some
rights that the board is bound to re
spect and if it does not respect them
he may be able to find a way to en
force respect.
SAN DIEGO,* June 14. — Though
City Superintendent Frank P. David
eon of the San Diego schools has been
asked to resign his position by the
City Board of Education, he has de
clared that he will do nothing of the
kind and that if the board wants to
create a vacancy in his office it will
have to do it without his help and will
have to do it subject to a review by
the court.
Special" Dispatch to The Call.
Man Escapes to a Neighbor
ing Town, Where the Post
master Overpowers Him
Devastation of the Business
Section Despite the Efforts
of the Fire Department
Board of Education Opposed
•to the Official Because
of Alleged Inefficiency
LOSS PARTLY COVERED
ARREST QUICKLY MADE
WILL APPEAL TO COURT
Damage Resulting From a
Conflagration Amounts Ap
proximately to $130,000
Young Italian Murders Six
teeii-Year-Old Sweetheart
When Marriage Is Opposed
Superintendent of San Diego
Schools Resents ! the At
tempt to Force Him. Out
FLAMES SWEEP
OVER OROVILLE
PARENT OBJECTS;
DAUGHTER SHOT
LIKES HIS JOB;
WON'T RESIGN
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY^ JUNE 15, 1904.
Coaster Makes First Trip on Her New Run and Knocks Twelve Hours Off
Best Time Made by Other Boats— Service Means Much for Southwest
ern Oregon and Opens a Sportsman's Paradise to Local Nimrods
PEOPLE OF GOOS BAY GIVE A WARM
WELCOME TO STEAMER BREAKWATER
4
- D E, S KS -
In addition to our immense as-
sortment of high-grade Roll and
Flat Top Desks, we show complete
lines in Revolving and Stationary
Chairs, Tables, Bookcases, etc./ all
very reasonably priced.
Offices Completely Furnished. •
W & J. SLOANE & GO
-FURNITURE - CARPETS -RUGS - DRAPERIE5-
11 4 - 122 POST S T REE T
ADVEETISEaEEJTTS.
Drm Charles
Flesh Food
SThe Great Brautlfler
. and Skin Tonic.
Used by leading actresses,
lingers and women of th«
elite society of two conti-
nents for more than a Quar-
ter of a century.
It Is tha only preparation
having the unqualified
« Indorsements of phys)-
S 1 . clans and recommended
& by them to INCREASES
l\ FIRM. HEALTHT
Bl FLESH on thin, hol-
I lowed chneks and necJc
without the use of liquid
medicines and tonics.
REMOVES WRINKLES from the face and
hands, no matter how deep the furrow.
DEVELOPS THE IMMATURE BUST and
will rcttom a breast to its natural beauty and
contour, lost through sickness or nurslns;.
On Sale Department Stores and
Drugjjists.
cnrriil ACrXD The regular prie* of Dr.
SPfcCIAL UrrtK. Charles Flesh Food Is
$1 CO a box. but to Introduce It into thousand*
of new homes we have decided to, send two t^)
boxes to all who answer this advertisement and
s»rd u» $1.0O. All packages are sent la plaia
wrapper, postage prepaid.
CDCC A sample box — Just enough to convlnc*
rHCC. you of the great merit of Dr. Charles
Flesh Food^ — will be sent free for 10 cents,
which pays for cost of mailing. We will also
send you our Illustrated book. "Art of Mas-
sage." which contains all the proper movements
for massaging the face, neck and arm*, and full
directions for developing the bust. Address
DR. CHARLES CO., 108 Fullon St., Hew York
A Good New
gga Now Only.
We have confidence in you and in our plano*-*>
that is why we ask you to try cur instruments.
We are willing to accept a small Interest or»
tho Investment — $2.50 this month. Kememtvr
this opportunity closes with the »ummer reason.
Firrt election in best choice. HEINE PIANf>
CO.. 233-207 Geary st.. S. F.. manufacturers oc
the Peerless Heine ami agents for ten different
makea from 9119 to *:)T.\ and three makes of
pitino players, from ?1^3 to $275. Used bar-
gains from $25 up. Our output Is double that
of any other oiano house. We have an open-
ins lor two high-class salesmen.
j . , i
(^ visit DR. JORDAN'S creat^
(HUSEUH OF AHflTOHYt
0 C& i:::ui.^s::7.ti*..5.isTi.*r.Ci:. rf
T q^ The Lar^nt Anatomical M'jseum in the \
L A . World. >V eakr.ef'ies or m •ASCfMIWl Q
6 V&" &*} d ¦"¦'*• P-»" ' «"¦> r r»r«rt ny t:.r oldest, f
A &&3*l D3. JCRDAM-D'SEASES OF MEN
A I \ytjr H Treatnisnt or by letter. A O
\ n / M ff P"*""' Hr * in c*«7 cue undertaken. T
At- if llM Witwfaf b ¦.'-. rH>LO«arnv«ri
V ' I \yi SlimtlAtK, MAIL£& VXB.%. (Alf
\ ;j £ valuable book for m.-u i \
V Da JOCDaS & CO.. 1051 Market Ht..S. F. "
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GtJAUAJTTEED CUBE POB ME3T.
HABMLI5S INJSCTIOIT. Cures 0r.lin.1r7
cases in a few days. Warranted to euro
worst cases. HO OTHZH TESATIIS^T
j EEQUISED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
| turcs. PREVENTS CONTAGION. Harm-
; less. $2.00 for both bottres.For sale only
F. S. KELLY'S PEAEMACY, 102 Eddy.
DDTTCUPC FOn BARBEE3, EA.
ijltUoilllO kps bootblacks, bath-
i/iiukvnn->j houses, bllltard tablst.
¦ brewers, bookbinders, candy makers. cann?rs.
I dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factor!**.
(tablemen, tir-roofera. tanner*, tailors, «tc
BtTCEASAK B3CS.,
Bruali Manufacturers. 03 Sacramento St.
I Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAXA CITTERS. TH3
Great Mexican Remedy: gives health i.-. t
: strength to svxual orsstns. Depot. ::u.". M i-k- •.
i 1 — -1
i OCEAN TBAVEL. N
I— ,
e Steamers leave Broadway
wharves, piers 9 and u.
San Francisco.
For Ketchlkan. Wrang-!,
Juneau. lliiir.es. Pka^uay.
etc.. Alaska— 11 a. m Ju:x
4. ». 14. 13. 24. .'uly ¦->.
Chang* to Company'* steam-
eis at Seattle.
For V.etoria. Vancouv—.
Pert Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma. Ev?retr.
i Belllnsham— 11 •. m.. June 4. ». 14. lt». -K
July 5. Chacse at S«ratt:« to this company •«
steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ky.; at S^ati-»
or Tacoma to N. P. Hy.: »* Vancouver t a
'For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pnrncna. 1 :"¦!*
P m.. June 3. 0. 15. 21. 27. July 3L Corona.
' 1:30 p. m.. June 6. 12. 18. =*. SO. July «.
i For Los Anceles Ivla Port Lo» An*el?» anj
Redondo), San Dte«o and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa, Sundays. » a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Loa Argeles (via San T-dro and Ea*e
Ean Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cru». Mont-
er«y. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Ilarford i3a^
Lots Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta. 0 a. ia., Juns 8. 16. 2». July 1
Coos' Bay. 9 a. m.. Juna 4. 1Z 2». 3ft, July 1.
For Ensenaiia. Maftdalena. Bay. San Jose rt-l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Par. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (M«.), 10 a. m.. 7th eaca mo
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season l'»4— Th*
palatial excursion steamship Spokane wi;i
leave Tacoma, Seattle and Victoria. June I,
21. July 8. 19. Aus- 2. lft
For further Information obtain foW»r. RUht
ia reserved ta chansje steam»ra or talllr* i.ite».
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montao^j-
•ry St. (Palace Hotel>.lf> Market st«and Emad-
¦way wharves. Freight O9ce, 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Asent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
6. /?- « M. CO.
COLJTMEIA sails June lfi. 2P, July 6. ltf nn-t
28. GEO IV ELDER rail.* June 21. July 1,
11 21 and 31. Only steamship line to POUT-
LAND OR., and short rail line from Pcrttaml
to all* points Ea3t. Through tickets tx a ! l
pclr.ts. Steamer tickets tncmde berth and
meals. Steamer falls foot of Sp»ar st. at 11
«. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Art. Pas*. Dept.. 1
Montgomery st. : C. CLIFFORD, Gen. As*>nt
Freight Dept., 3 Montccmery st.
oceanics.sxo.i»a£
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck.
land and Sydney; Thurs.. June 16. 2 p. m.
8. 8. ALAMEDA. for HonoIulu.June 2\ 11 am.
S S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. July 2. 11 a. m.
1.D.SPBECKILS4 BEQI C0.,iltI,TiCl2t 03:1 3 13 Ur- v
ttl, FTBlIlt OUte^JMirflli-.. Aif././iM: .:. •
tOUPAGNIS GENS?.AL3 TRAN3ATLA.N*T:27i
DIRECT LINE TO UAVRE-PARI3. .^w^
SalUn* «very Thursday Instead o(^tV(2^
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 4i^-5«5eCr*
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class* to Havre. (TO and upward. See*
ond class to Havre. $43 anij upward. CSN.
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building*.
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paclflo Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avanue. San Franctsco.
Tickets sold by air Railroad Ticket A*ents
To TJ. S. Wavy Yard and. 7all«jo.
gTMRS. GEN. FRISBIE. MONTICELLO and
ARROW— »:45 A. M-, 12:3U nocn. 3:1J p. M..
6-00 P. M.. S:30 P. M. (ei. Sunday): Sunday*
9-43 A. M., 8:30 P. M. Leave Vallejo 7:00
A. M.. 9:W A. M.. 12::tO NCON'. :!:15 P. M..
6-00 P. 4L <ex. Sunday); Sundays 7:0O A. M..
4:15 P. M. Fare one way, 50c. Landing and
office Pier 2 foot Mission st. Phone Mala
1308. HATCH BROS. . ¦
To IT. S. Navy Yard anil Vallejo.
Stmr. II. J- Corcoran — Leaves S. F.," foot of
Clay at., north end of ferry bids. — Week days,
ft:3O A. M., 3 and 'S P. M. ; Sundays. 0:::0
A M.. 8 P. M. Leave Vallejo — Week days.
«:50 A. M.. .12:20 and 5:30 P. M.; Sundays, 5
P. M. Fare. 25c each way." Excursion rates,
Surdays to- Vallejo. Glen Cove and Martlnei.
BOc round trip. PIPER. ADEN, GOODALL)
CO.. phona Main 641. 'Saturday exeepted. .
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
ADVEBTISEMENTS. "
11 BLATZ method is generally commented M
oh as most remarkable and unique, for B
the reason that in most every par- y
ticular it is original from a brewer's B
//&»« point of view. fl
n *\h The very choicest of every com- U
M \^ ponent part of the Blatz brews is fl
\\ ljv x the invariable rule.! Only the best |l
A /\\3 of Mother Earth's crop is ever con- I
I sidered. The result is a beer # of fl
1 nonest quality with a goodness all f|
k VT^s. Hs own. ; |j
f] Always the Same Good Old? Blatz? I
(ir>~3S^^^ BLATZ MALT- VIVINE - (Non-Intoxlcaht) I
%--jB^--^--^» . i MAIT TOHIO M
JVIr'|I l For Convalescents and Run-Down 8ystems. ||
W VALBLATZ BREWING COmMiiwaukk I
Ate SAM BIBO ®> CO., §
MP&w WHOLESALE DEAI.EKS, 212 BATTEBY STREET, M
"~*^* .- Ban Frudaoo, TeX. XCata £859. gSANTA CRUZ, June 14.— Santa Cruz
Is. to celebrate the Fourth. T. W.
iCclIy has been appointed chairman
Committee Arranging to Hare
Cruiser Wyomine and Naval Re
serves at Seaside.
SANTA CR1JZ PLANNING.
TO CELEBRATE FOURTH
England's Batter Imports.
Of the 223,000 tons of foreign butter
used : 1 Great Britain last year one
tenth came from her colonies. The
London Times, commenting on the dif
ference in quality of the butter from
Australia, New Zealand and Canada,
says: "In Canada, the government au
thorities appear adverse to the use of
boron compounds, which. If used in
proper quantities, are perfectly innoc
uous to the health. If not even
beneficial. Their use has now been
legalized in the United Kingdom, and
they possess marvelous powers of pre
serving butter from undergoing any
deteriorating change for many
months."— Exchange. «
First American Newspaper.
The first number of any American
newspaper was Benjamin " Harris'
"Public Occurrences, both Foreign and
Domestic", published in Boston on De
cember 25, 1690. But the authorities
suppressed it after the .first issue.
Fourteen years later, on April 24. 1704,
James Campbell, postmaster of Bos
ton, issued the first number of the Bos
ton News-Letter, a weekly newspaper,
-which lived for seventy-two years. The
second American newspaper, the Ga
zette, was printed in Boston, and the
third, the Weekly Mercury, in Phila
delphia. The first New York-news
paper, the New York Gazette,* was es
tablished in 1875. Now, there are more
than 2000 -dally newspapers and 15.000
semi-weeklies and weeklies published
in trie United States.— Kansas City
star. ' '.¦¦¦.-.-•¦ c :
SANTA CRUZ, June 14.— The Colum
bia Park Boys' Club arrived last even
ing in Santa Cruz and gave an enter
tainment this evening at the Casino.
They had quite an experience in the
Santa Cruz mountains after leaving
Los Gatos.
The horses attached to the
containing their baggage started to
run down the grade at grept speed and
landed the wagon and baggage against
the bank.
The horses continued with the fore
wheels, -but the wagon was too badly
demolished for further use. The bag
gage" was placed on the train at
Wrights, the nearest station, and the
boys came here bj* train last evening;
Team Runs Away and Smashes Bag
gage Wa*»on on Way to Santa
Cruz/
COLU>IBL\ PARK BOYS
HAVE MISHAP OX TRIP
To Le&sen Danger of Derailment.
An appliance to lessen the danger ;
!rorn the derailment of trains has been
patented by a German railway official, j
A rail is adjusted to the track of the 1
zsr parallel with the axle, bo that it j
s in a position across, and about an
xch above the rails. Should a derail
r.er.t of the wheels take place these !
.toes rails will lie upon the rails of
.he track without letting the wheels
;occh the ground. The car will then
•rag along uj>on the cross rails and
ilowly etor» the whole train. — Ex
rhange.
PARIS. June 14. — TSi« funeral of Lrna 5for
toa. d?.ugMer of Levl P. Morton of N«w Tor*.
who died here on June 10 front th» effects of
blood roisenir.e followiss aa operation for ap
pendicitis, took place to-day at th* Clrorch
of the Holy Trinity. Many Americana at
tended. .„ * ',.
, The first statement of traffic over the
Chinese Eastern Railroad comes from a
newspaper in Kharbin, and is for the
first eleven months of 1903, during which
1,620.000 passengers were carried and
313,811 tons of freight. Of the freight
32,522 tons were tea and 92,730 tons
grain— equal to 3,090,000 bushels of
wheat. The freight traffic was 52 per
cent, the passenger traffic 69 per cent
and the gross earnings 55 per cent
greater than the year before, amount-
Ing to $5,612,389, which is (3561 per mile
for the eleven months, which is not so
very bad for a railroad not quite com
plete. From the same source comes a
statement of the number of employes —
20,948 Chinese, 18,123 Russians, 17 Aus
trian?, Italians and Swiss, 17 Japanese
and 9 Koreans, or 39,112 in all, which
is more than 25 per Doubtless
most of these ; -were engaged in con
struction — so many could not be used
in working a line with so little traffic-
Engineering News.
Foreign Railroad Notes.
Agricultural co-operation In market
ing farm produce became a definite,
settled practice In Denmark about
twenty-two years ago, and at present
it has the most perfect system of agri
cultural co-operation in the world.
Denmark is strictly an agricultural
country, densely populated and limited
in area, and the range of intelligence,
taking it through all classes, is per
haps as high, if not higher than. In
any other country in the world. Agri
cultural exports have quadrupled' as a
direct result of the Impetus given to
the production by co-operation, and
Danish farmers are now receiving very
much higher prices for their produce
than any of their competitor^ in for
eign markets.— Exchange.
Agricultural Co-operation.
When sheet glass began to be man
ufactured the thickened part, where
the tube had been attached, was call
ed the bull's eye. Then this term was
successively applied to a lens of glass,
especially in a ship's side, to the lens
of the lantern, to the lantern itself
and finally to the central boss of a
target. — London Answers.!"
Bull's eye is found in the dictionary
of "The Canting Crew" so far back
as 1690, and was \he vulgar word for
the central ring of the target used as
a mark for archers, which was col
ored differently from the other rings.
This may have arisen from - the an
cient rounded shields, cut out of ox
hide and strengthened with a spike or
central boss for this shield or target;
hence target was often used as a mark
itself.
Why is the target's bull's eye so
called? This is one of many instances
in our language where words have
gained a higher status than that with
which they started and have been pro
moted from the slang dictionary to
the dictionary of words of respectable
and current use.
The Ball's Eye."
HONOLULU. June 14. — Samuel
Parker has cabled to Governor Carter,
fc ho is in the United States to attend
:he Republican National Convention.
tin r-roxy as national committeeman.
Cables Proxy to Carter.
SANTA CRUZ. June 14.— A big run
of salmon Is on in the bay and the fish
ermen are having great sport. All the
boats return with good catches. ;The
fish range from two to twelve pounds
each.
Salmon Visit Santa Cruz Bay.
SANTA ROSA, June 14.— Two cot
tagers at Camp Meeker narrowly es
caped drowning Monday and that the
double tragedy was averted is due to
the efforts of Harry Leap, a well
known bowler of San Francisco. While
endeavoring to teach Miss May Brown
to swim, Edward Lawrence and his
companion were In imminent danger
of drowning. Lawrence has only a
slight knowledge of swimming, and
•while in deep water Miss Brown lost
her presence of mind and grasped
Lawrence in such a manner as to cause
him to go under the water. • ¦
Leap saw the danger from the bank
of Upper Lake, at the camp, and went
to the rescue. He seized Lawrence
first, and succeeded in reaching Miss
Brown before she sank the third time.
Her resuscitation was accomplished
only after long and tedious effort and
an extreme nervous condition is the
result of her narrow escape. Leap is
a hero among the campers and resi
dents of Camp Meeker. -~.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. June 14.— Two years in
San Quentln was the sentence given
Angelo Tolomei for stealing the poor
box of the Catholic church at Gilroy.
A couple of weeks ago Tolomet entered
the church and carried away the poor
box. Later he .was found working on
a ranch and portions of the box were
In his possession. Just what amount
of cash he secured from the box is
not known. At first he pleaded not
guilty, but this morning he changed
the plea to one of guilty. His attorney
asked for leniency on the ground that
Tolomei was drunk when the crime
was committed. Judge Tuttle then
sentenced him to two years in prison.
Sredal Dispatch to The Call.
The cor.te.st for control of the con
rer.tJon by the Hearst and Parker ele
ments will be spirited and the ulti
<r.ate decision of the convention is in
Soubt, with the cbances strongly fa
roring Parker.
HOT SPRINGS. Ark.. June 14. —
The Democratic State convention to
2cx.ir.ate a full State ticket and se
;ect delegates to the Su Louis conven
tion met to-day and effected tempo
rary organization.
Temporary Organization of Arkansas
state Convention Effected.
DEMOCRATS IV SESSION*
Italian Who! Stole Charity.
Funds From Gilroy Church
Sentenced to Two Years
Dated in Boston. Nov. 19. 1722.
(Sgd), ENOCH TITCOMB.
— Express Gazette.
R. H. W. Wright, superintendent of
the National Express Company in Bos
ton, has in his collection of transporta
tion antiquities the original of the fol
lowing unique bill of lading:
"Shipped by the Grace of God, in
good order and well Conditioned, by
Jon'a. Belcher for account of Jon'a.
Greenleaf of Newbury, In and upon
the Good Sloop Called, the Endeavorer,
Whereof is Mafter under God for this
prefent voyage Enouch Titcomb and
now Riding at Anchor in the Harbour
of Boston and by God's Grace bound
for Newbury To-fay.
"Twenty one bars of Spanish Iron
and One Chaldron Sea Coal, Being
Marked and Numbered as in the Mar
gent, and are to be delivered in the
like good Order and well Conditioned,
at the aforesaid Port of Newbury (the
danger of the Seas only excepted) unto
said Greenleaf or to his Aff isms, he or
they paying Freight for the faid Goods
as customary with Primage and Aver
age accuftomed. In witnefs whereof,
Mafter or Purfer of the faid Sloop
hath affirmed to B1113 of Lading, all
of this Tenor and Date, One of which
Bills being accomplif hed. the other to
Ftand void. And fo God fend the Good
— — to her deflred Port in fafety,
Amen.
Unique Bill of Lading.
Cottagers at Camp Meeker
Venture Into Deep Water
and Are Almost Drowned
"He's over five years old."
"Why. I guess he is," she said, turn
ing around and looking at him. The
boy laughed.
"And he takes up a seat the same
as bigger folks," the conductor went
on.
"So he does," replied the lads 1 .
"Madam, you'll have to pay his fare."
"I don't pee why," indignantly.
"He's your boy and — "
The small boy could no longer re
strain himself.
"I don't belong to her." he said,
laughing; and he gave the conductor
his nickel, but the woman somehow
didn't seem to enjoy the mistake. —
Chicago Tribune. ,
A car was -going through La Salle
street tunnc-l^l when the conductor be
gan to collect the fares. About half
way down the car sat a prim, elderly
woman. Beside her was a curly-head
ed boy, with a mischievous expression
in his blue eyes. The woman paid her
fare. The conductor hesitated.
"That bov's over age, madam!" he
said.
"•What do you mean?" she asked.
Then the Boy Spoke.
THEFT OF POOR
BOX IS COSTLY
BOWLER SAFES
LIVES OF TWO
and Fred R. Howe secretary of the
committee. At a meeting held F. "W".
.Swanton stated that the £an Francisco
Auto Club would probably be here,
and that effort will be made to have
the Wyoming in port.
Captain Morey announced that one
hundred naval reserves and a band
would be here from San Francisco.
He was found -wandering about the
streets without his hat, declaring that
he would begin a preaching crusade In
Fresno. His sanity is said to have been
lost frQm the intense excitement caused
by attending revival services in Los
Angeles.
Davis said he -was billed for a time in
Fresno, and then he was going to
Goshen, from there to Bakersfield, to
Sacramento, to China, and finally to
Japan. He thinks he has been com
missioned to copquer evil wherever he
finds It. He started out by baptizing
himself.
FRESNO, June 14.— J. E. Davis was
committed to the Insane Asylum to
day by Judge Austin. Davis imagines
himself to be the "man-child" spoken
of In the Bible, and says: "The Lord
told me to throw away my hat, and I
did it."
Fresno Man Loses Mind Through Ex
citement at Religious
Revivals.
BELIEVES HIMSELF THE
SCRIPTURAL MAX-CHILD
In the early days of submarine cables
the minimum tariff was $100 for 20
words and J." for each additional word.
This was reduced after a few vears to
$^5 for 10 words. In 1S72 a rate of $1
a word was introduced. The word-rate
system proved popular and was soon
established universally. Since 1SS8 the
cable rate across the Atlantic has been
down to 25 cents a word, and the tariff
now ranges from that figure to $5 a
word between England and Peru. The
average for the whole world is $1 a
world, and this the Commercial Cable
Company charges from America to the
Philippines, as against the former toll
of $2 Co. From New York to New Zea
land the charge is only -$1 50 a word.
Cable codes are a vital part and par
cel of current business affairs, and
numerous inventors of works of this
character have reaped large rewards
in the last ten or fifteen years. No
commercial house is without its cable
address. Most firms register addresses
with each of the several companies.
Export houses wr.uld be helpless with
out codes. One code word will often
stand for ten or fifteen words, and
there are Instances where one cipher
has been used to represent over 100
words. Practically all commercial dis
patches are coded, and nearly every
line of . business has its special code.
There are COO.000 miles of submarine
cables, enough to go eight times
around the globe. Their cost was about
$200,000,000. Their present value is
$300,000,000. Deep sea cables are a
solid investment. The shortest cable
is one-fourth of a mile in length; the
longest is 15,000 miles. The total num
btr is 1700. Nearly all of the shorter
lints are the property of Governments.
They aggregate 15 per cent of the
tvhole. Private corporations own 420
cables, or So per cent of the total mile
age. The life of a deep sea cable is
from thirty to forty years. The main
portion lies in a bed of ooze two miles
or more beneath the surface of the
water, and is practically imperishable.
In shallow water cables are attacked
by sharks, Ewordfish, sawfish, rocks
and anchors. In the Firth of Forth thir
teen Ehips' anchors were once found
entangled in a length of four miles
of cables.
the Cost.
Gr^pt Prosress in Last Decade In
and Liessenlng
SUB>L\RJXE CABLES
1LWE VAST LENGTH
CHICAGO, June 14. — Incoming
trains brought large numbers of the
Republican National Convention ad
vance guard to Chicago to-day. Sena
tor Penrose of Pennsylvania was an
early arrival. Others who reached
Chicago were Senator Hansbrough of
North Dakota, Senator Ankeny of
Washington, Judge Judson W. Lyons
of Georgia and Cornelius N. Bliss of
New York. Many persons who are not
members of the national committee,
but who like to be on the ground at
Republican conventions, also came.
The leaders have settled down to a
discussion of the two disputed topics
which will occupy the convention and
the national committee— the Vice
Presidency and contasts.
While a number of States will pre
sent contests, Illinois' principal trouble
will lie in the selection of a national
committeeman and the delegate who
will lead his colleagues upon the floor
of the convention.
NEW YORK. June 14. — The Press
tins the following- from Washington:
Alston G. Dayton of West Virginia,
first Republican member of the Naval
Affsi^ Committee of the House, has
been selected by President Roosevelt
for Secretary cf the Navy to succeed
Moody. Dayton is regarded as one of
the ttanchest advocates of a "greater
navy."
Secretary Moody of the Navy will
move into the post of Attorney General
just as soon as Attorney General Knox
is appointed Senator from Pennsyl
vania by Governor Pennypacker and
resigns his portfolio. Moody probably
•will serve not longer than March 4 next
end then he will return to his law
practice in Boston, with the greater
prestige of being & "former Attorney
General." That will be money in his
pocket. President Roosevelt feels like
rewarding Moody, who has not found
the Navy portfolio altogether congen
ial.
Within six months after Moody left
the House cf Representatives for the
Cabinet Sr>eaker Henderson committed
political euicide by "declining to run for
re-election. Moody was disap
pointed, for he had been prominent in
the House and would have made a
good race for the Speakership and at
least would have landed in the chair
manship of the Appropriations Com
mittee cr have become one of the Re
publican leaders.
Now that there is a chance to put
him in as Attorney General, a post
thoroughly acceptable to his i»g-al
tnind. the President has no hesitancy
about rtoing it.
Who the next Secretary cf the Navy
«i!l be is a question for speculation.
The present Assistant Secretary ot the
d--;,a.rtment. Darling, has been men
tioned, and it Is believed his appoint
ment would be favorably received in
New England. He is a Vermonter and
a man w hose strengrh of character and
decision have evoked much favorable
comment while he has been Assistant
Secretary.
As th*: slate is now made up. Secre
tary Cortelyou. after serving as na
tional chairman, will succeed Postmas
ter General Payne after the November
elections if President Roosevelt be vic
torious-
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON.
WASHINGTON. June 14.— President
Roosevelt Is at last able to fulfill his
long-cherished -wish to get a Western
man Into the Cabinet. He has tendered
the position of Secretary of the De
partment cf Commerce and Labor to
Representative Victor H. Metcalf of
California. Preliminary soundings,
made since Secretary Cortelyou's selec
tion by the President for the chairman
chip cf the NetJpnal Republican Com
mittee created a prospective vacancy
!n the Commerce portfolio, give ground
lor the belief that Metcalf -will aceept-
Metcalf was educated at the Utica
Free Academy and at Russell"s Mili
tary Academy In New Haven and at
Yale College and the Yale Law School.
He studied law under Horatio Seymour
and went to California in 1ST9. He was
elected to the Fifty-sixth Congress and
has served ever sir.ee. He is 50 years
eld. The California^ has served long
and faithfully on the Ways and Means
Committee in the House, which gives
him excellent training for the work" of
Secretary of the Department of Com
merce ar.d Labor.
Ef>e?:«i tV.sratch to. The CaJL
Whereas, Illinois women are an Important
part of the citizenship of the State, bearing
and rearing Us children. 'obeying its laws and
paring ita taxes, we believe that not only
the duties of citizenship, but the privileges
as well, should be exercised by them, and we
recommend that the next Legislature extend
to the women further suffrage lights.
A feature of the platform is that
woman suffrage is approved in the fol
lowing plank:
Lawrence B. Stringer of Lincoln and
Clarence S. Darrow of Chicago were
named for Governor. Darrow declined
to run and Stringer was nominated by
acclamation.
William C. Crollius of Joliet follow
ed in ja brief speech indorsing the
stand taken by Prentiss, and also with
drew his name from the convention.
William Prentiss of Chicago, who
was a candidate for Governor, ad
vanced to the front ct the platform
and declared passionately that he de
sired nothing from the convention,
which did not, in his opinion, repre
sent the Democracy of Illinois, and he
wished for nothing at its bands.
"I decline to have my name sub
mitted to this convention in any man
ner," he shouted, and walked off the
platform, followed by the cheers cf
the Hearst delegates.
CROLLIUS FOLLOWS SUIT.
Pending the arrival of the committee
on resolutions a motion was carried
directing the committee to proceed
with the nomination of candidates for
State officers.
The report was adopted. Chairman
Quinn refusing the demand of the Har
rison and Hearst delegates for a roll
call.
John P. Quinn of Peoria, who presid
ed over the convention both as tempo
rary and permanent chairman, paid
absolutely no attention to men or mo
tions when they did not jibe with the
interest of the Hopkins party, and in
one instance at least he declared a
motion carried before the Hearst and
Harrison people had voted upon it. The
committee on finished its
work early, but it was decided by the
chairman to withhold it until he knew
what action the Hearst people would
take on the report of the committee on
credentials. The report of the commit
tee on credentials said simply:
"We believe everything done by the
State Central Committee in seating and
unseating delegates was just and prop
er, and we recommend that its work
be indorsed."
CHAIRMAN" QUINX A CZAR.
Hearst's campaign managers, who
attempted to ride Into power by the aid
of his name, received absolutely no
consideration from the convention. The
Harrison party, which came solely
from Chicago and was pledged to the
support of Congressman James R.
Williams, was routed completely. Car
ter H. Harrison was unseated as a del
egate and took a train for home with
out going near the convention. Both
his faction and the Hearst party were
as nothing as compared with the
strength and skillful management of
the convention exhibited by John P.
Hopkins. Hopkins will continue to be
chairman of the State Central Commit
tee.
SPRINGFIELD. I1L, June 14.— The
Democratic State Convention to-day
nominated the following ticket:
Governor — Lawrence B. Stringer of
Lincoln.
Lieutenant Governor — Thomas J.
Ferns of Jerseyville.
Secretary of State— Frank E. Dool
ing of Sangoman County.
State Treasurer-— Charles B. Thomas
of McLeansboro.
Attorney General — Albert Watson of
Jefferson County.
State Auditor — R. E. Spangler of
Chicago.
University Trustees— Mrs. Anna G.
Solomon of Chicago; Theodore C. Lohr
of Carllnville; F. B. Merrill of St. Clair
County. f
Delegates-at-large to the St. Louis
Convention — John B. Hopkins. A. M.
Lawrence. Ben T. Cable. Samuel Al
schuler.
The convention instructed the dele
gates to the National Convention to
vote for William R. Hearst at St. Louis
as long as his name remains before the
convention.
Carter. Harrison Unseated
as a Delegate From
Chicago.
Moody Is to Succeed Knox
and Darling May Be
Navy's Chief.
Vice Presidency the Princi
pal Topic Under Dis
cussion.
Alameda Man Will Accept
Portfolio Tendered by
President.
Hopkins Retains the Con
trol of Prairie State's
Democracy.
Republican Advance Guard
Beaches the Conven
tion City.
METCALF GETS CORTELYOU'S PLACE;
HEARST WINS ILLINOIS DELEGATION
•THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 15, 1904.
5
PT^k _ - P^ K4 13 ** . Erery mother feels a
HmZW of her life. Becoming
a mother should be a. source of joj to all, but the suffering and
danger incident to the ordeal makes its anticipation one of misery.
Mother's Friend is the only remedy -which relieres women of the great
pain and danger of maternity ; this hoar which is dreaded as woman's
severest trial is not only made painless, but all the danger is avoided
by its use. Those who use this remedy are no longer despondent or
gloomy; nervousness, nausea and other distressing conditions are
overcome, the system is made ready for the coming e rent, and the
serious accidents so common to the critical
hour are obviated by th« use of Mother's gfl A g j^ AW&fr
Friend. "It is worth its weight m gold," fifll$lllil
says many who have used it. $z.oo per if ixylllVB <J
bottle at drug stores. Book containing
valuable information of mtereat to all women, will JCnxS /fk BTS m%
be sent to any address free upon application to [f liillf
BBADHELD REGULATOR GO., Atlanta. Om. B ¦ B^HH
ADVZBTISEMENTS.
THE • EMPOBITJtt. | THE EMPORIUM. j THE EMPOBIUM. I THE EMPOBITO '
i A Sale of Waists at Immense Sacrifices I
£ Beginning This Morning at 8:30— During Week While Quantity Lasts *
$ This will be a waist sale without parallel in the history of the big store. To close out dozens of short ;5
5 lots of desirable wash and dressy silk waists prior to arrival of large new stocks now being gathered in the J
5 East, prices have been cut without reference. to previous marking, cost or value, and, beginning this morning. $
f we shafl sell sell these garments for half or less than half the original prices. If you have a waist^want don't £
f miss this'chance. * < J
i There are several hundred ..- <2^§^ ,/nS Amon S the silk waists are Peau ;J
i serviceable stylish Percale P§>%4 J^^P &£*$ de c y§ ne ' Peau de Soie and 3
| Waists, in light and^rkef- f^ ff «^ «pf 2^.5^^2*12 3
S fects values up to W #, 1%: /Jls up to * 6 ' 25 ' to go at 93 m 75 *
$ /DC, tO gO at /^^^^^^^PK /^VM^ A grc«t collection of Crepe de Chine, Pc.u 5
j; There a?e quantities of fine /W'^^M^wM^i /AHW^ f\ de s«e. Pb.« d s c 7 g£ «d Tafe. Silk ;J
ir linen, Damask Waists, this L^a\ ttiv'sk /// / v\\ r\ Wi Wai$tl » in lo!ia coI °" tad evening x
!$ season's production, but in .^tl v. $» e lr ;Vy& \ Pt y -Hx /' A'ft'v ip$)ji gh " de< » TtIos » u p to &S9 77 EZ S
$ 36 size only, worth, up to/> V^y. WFm^l^i 7 Ml l l M * IO *°°' * *° " * V^**** \
i $2.50 each, tO gO O*f f fSR^')^iM^^r^m^M ft kZ^MtrK A fcvr dozen cfvsry £n= high-gr.de wti,:,. *
$ at 3"'**>lA YWwW^Wm^S/ /mWM)\ m novelty deign,. .nluWc for pmy.nd 2
* Other fine whneD^KWahts,^ evening we ? , m.dc of choice Pe.u de £
% u p toc 3 . 5 o«ch,whre^* Oj© If // W I M-'-S^T to*.5. 5 c,togowh;:e^J- -9 ffj J
if quantity lists, each'... <pf«OO ' H ' 4f ' J ¦ qnantmes I.st at . . %P%M* £ %J g
!! Handkerchief Safe, 3c to 17c Sale §f.5O Petticoats, 95o |
i * : We offer for toda >' and Thursda y several Beginning This Morning |
jSS j3§£§^^ a hundred dozen of women's sheer lawn and Swiss These are just the Sort of skirts for £&fr *
!S M ¦ ' \ Ha n d kerchiefs; som e with fancy corners, some th - se ' ason of the yea r f medium weight V? x
i 111 U^^^ S^^^^ ZVZ^. sateens, in three different, styles; there )A 3
\K XCsl&ss^- rW chiefs for everyday use in city or in country dur- IS a black and white Stripe effect, With /blfl X
*> Yx^l^p**?^' »ns the hot weather— worth 8c, 10c and I2>^c deep accordion pleated Van Dyke flounce, M *JL x
| J . pW^^^-^\ each for 3c and So outlined with rose ruching of solid black and full f/ZK 5
\K /.43- ; fe!| i\ ' <*<"**'** under dust ruffle; another style is a good grade "JJKJ *
, a; <^/-v5i{^'-I ..-.-.^..IJ Handkcrchicls Mussed in Window and Counter mercerised sateen, with deep trimmed flounce of J&fWtft *
'¦% Fine sheer lawn and linen; lace edge and two small ruffles and 6 rows of narrow stitched X
! u • i^C. .^#7 embroidered effects; we make you a bi^ allow- bands, and the third style is also all black, with a -*
:£ ance for launderin^them: at to-day's and Thurs- tu!i graduated accordion pleated rcfle, finished with a x
£ day's special prices, worth up to 25c V each pretty mohair braid insertion. Thtse arc regular $i. 50 .fcS^CCA. '5
: jj YC fOC and 17C va':u=», beginning to-day at the astonishing sale price. 95o *
¦"« '• £
| Camp Goods x Summer Groceries and Sales Japan Mattings x
i necessities* uwe Prices PiUow Covers *"* Carpets x
:%' Sheet Metal C*mp Stoves- Compete with bak-n S oven GSGil ut B«con - Eastern «ugar cured, J nst oow » when 7 on nesd xixun ">««• we 5
IV and fee:— * ; They are worth 40c and ]b f6o ntTe received a consignment of 500 roll, of X
'¦ £ 1 hoH rS J£* i •••••'• Sl'% n the " !e " f ° r :o " d * 7 ° nIy; YelocrosCoffec-J.ra and Mocha, Ja ptn Matting in the latest pattern, and a wide %
8 WhijeEn^Cupsand Saucers, 25c**£?1C* t^^T^t SSSSSfi^t^SB -°«mento» colorings, and to-dav and balance . ?
i , X T^ F t •' ,„ g j' u ? Whole Wheat-OrGWiamnoar, of week offer them— J
; J, Steel Kmti and Fork, per pair fOc around to match; they are lo _,v „,!,. oc 0 » t i_ _i i.- j ) *¦*,, X
I Retinned Teaspoons 2 C ; «ti»ed tab,e !? oon ? , S C all ready to slip the' fl 0! , - V^icW c/^pf- HtS&S?} 5» ' * S6 3*
; » Can«eens-T,n one,, 25o , £ a,vanued, uooden ccer. ; n f. g hetd, * 5 c boxes . . . 2 6o SSw^i&Si \\\' ffz^i |
j J Camp Coffee Boiler, that wiU n,t leak or melt down ?KSiSE!§^ & |ic '***' 97 ' 5 ° *
!8 W^^^^SH^^ Ladies' Hose MMM^Sm Sale Genuine Wilton Velvets |
i J. uk ii> trnt or cabin; ftand, bowl and pftchor, ioap dish Supporters Pa b« B«t Tonic AUIt Extract— 100 Pieces Wilton Velvet CarpctS*— Persian and X
g and chamber; re S ulirly to-day and Thursday IQC D;>2en S2.10 floral designs, sold regularly by US for J I. * 5 X
[I Garden Ho,t-To jre^nt Fourth of Julr conflagration, El.Stic Hose Supporters, ItTo Jl X SUO5 ? '^T "^ J 1^ " d S X
J pwfoot 10 ° pintop. patent ciasp fast- M^qattte Whisky-Pu* "e, the week, .ewed, la:d and lined. .,
at — — — — — — encrs, assortment colors, _ • • • • • • • • fSo 7« d x
& mmj, mm, m -_ . - . .- Frutt SvrUDf — Grenadine, Straw- _i_».._ H i__.. M ... M .».__..__. r t
5: Split Bamboo Baskets worth 25c, P ar M _ -;
* o^ #o Tn «_ w loo hair gauon 75d qts. Largest Trunk and J
i . — — — Vahse Stock in I
i : , _fi^"^ Thae papular Badtet, for *^//?* ST*" • i Sail FranCISCO *
» shopping or picnici for Wed- X - **—** m m Hiiviavw n
*: M " y '\ '.*"-% nead l y ° n - 7 ~ '1- ' m± jrjfi C &£>&§/ fa/tyf' £ J f 'l r ff/* • We know of EO »«?«»« w '« nt » trnnks, $
% >,:_ ; -'--^1 -oclizeY." 2*2© / t+4&Mfj ka=^, dress «ui: cases and hand bags that we cannot -J
H Z'"~:-'"?? (~~:Z";;'?£y locsize "' tnn caufornia-s largest- * ¦¦w~~^*^**^ supply and we are positive that you will not find .*
*; So<? sue... 38o -^^^S^^^americas grandest storc the same qoaiities at »uch low pnees e!»ewheTe. %
ADVERTISEMENTS.
9 LABOR-SAVING DEVICES
FOR PUTTING UP FRUIT
And other utensils which save much time and worry in preserv-
ing fruit and the making of jellies:
Fruit Presses, alt sizes. 35c, $1 .50 to $3.25 -
Cherry Seeders 50c to 75c each
Jelly Sieve 10c to 75c each
Can Fillers, Weight Scales, Preserving Kettles, etc. <£*%&>
NathanDoHrmaniift
A 122-132, SUTTER ST. VHIBERNIAN PICNIC— The Ancl-nt Order' of
Hibernians will hold their annual ptcnlc at
Schuetsen Park. July 4. Games, racea and
dancing will be the features.
NEW FREIGHT STATION ' ASSURED —
Oakland. June J4.— The City Council has passed
an ordinance granting a franchise to the South
rrn Pacific Company to construct tracks' to
connect Itt main line with the new freight <Je
lK)«'at Fifth anil Kirkham streets, where a
central delivery and ehlppln* station will be
•••abliEhCd.
OAKLAND, June 14. — James Griffin, i
a boy, residing at Golden Gate, was
kicked. on the head this afternoon by a
horse from which he had fallen. He>
was removed j to the Fabiola Hospital.
It is feared that his skull was frac
tured, i
Boy Kicked by Horse.
OAKLAND, June. 14. — Frank Wil
son, a teamster, fell off a lumber
wagon this afternoon at First and
Webster streets. , A rear wheel grazed
his head, inflicting serious ' injuries.
He was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital. He is 40 years old and lives at
First and Water streets.
Teamster Badly Injured.
ALAMEDA. June 14.— An electric car
jumped the rails on Santa Clara ave
nue near Ninth street last night. Mrs.
M. J. Ward «f San Francisco was
'hrown from an outride seat and sus
tained serious injuries. She was treat
ed by Dr. "VV. T- Lum and taken to the"
home ' of 'Mr«.~-"-x>uisa ' 'Athearn, 1719
Santa Clara avenue.
Wcman Thrown From Car.
vorce was granted to Mrs! Jennie Page
from Rufus B. Page of. San Leandro
to-day by Judge Henry Melvin. It
gives her a cash award vf 54500, in ac
cordance with a stipulation between
the parties out of court. The findings
of fact upheld all the N essential allega
tions' of cruelty charged In the com
plaint.
Mrs. Jennie Page Wins Decree.
¦> a irj a vrr» t...... ii a *^-_-_- _*
OAKLAND, June 14. — Mrs. Gertrude
Thomas, who iost her mental balance
yesterday .when her sister, Irene Vin
ing,, took poison after they had quar
reled, was discharged' from the Re
ceiving Hospital to-day. Mrs. Thomas
was restored by a night of rest under
medical attention.
Recovers Her Reason
OAKLAND, June ,14.— The State of
Maine Society elected 1 the following
officers for the coming year at the
twenty-ninth annual meeting: Henry
Corson of Oakland, president; Edwin
H. Black of San Francisco, first vice
preeident; F. W. Durgin of Berkeley,
second vice president; W. H. Wharff,
of Berkeley, secretary; F. L. Wharff
of Berkeley, assistant secretary; L. D.
Brown of Oakland, treasurer.
Maine Society Officers.
BERKELEY. June 14.— The Board of
Trustees last night disbanded the
Alert Volunteer Fire Company, acting
on-chfi recommendation of Fire Chief
Kenny. Four of the old company, T.
A. Wooley, A. il Tobln, R. R. Bush
and A. L. Miller, were- retained as
members of the paid department. Chief
Kenny also recommended that . the
b;rard purchase a steam fire engine for
the second ward.
Trustees Disband Fire Company.
OAKLAND, June 14.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day:
Dr. E. J. Donahue, over / 21, and
Louise" G. Ward, over 18, both of Oak
land; Oreste Gala, 22, and .Carolina
Ferraris, 21, both of Oakland; .William
B. Rinehart, 29, and .Eugenia Eubank,
22, both of Oakland; John H. Robins,
30, and Celestia Disney, 25, both of
Oakland. ; ,\ :• ,-,-'>
Oakland Marriage Urcn.scs.
OAKLAND, June 14. — A new pot
tery plant, which will be devoted to
the manufacture of clay cooking uten
sils, will soon begin operations in this
city. The enterprise will occupy the
Roeth building at the corner of Third
and Clay streets. C. W. Barlow is
pres'".ent of the company.
Now Industry for Oakland.
The Supreme Court reversed and
remanded the case of Robert M.
Snyder of Kansas City. Snyder. who
is a promoter, was convicted of, bribery
in St. Louis and sentenced to five
years In I he - penitentiary. Snyder
pleaded the statute of limitation of
three years as a resident of Missouri,
while the State attempted to prove
that he lived "In New York and could
not plead such a statute. The court
sustained the defendant and gave him
another trial.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo.. June 14. —
The Supreme Court to-day affirmed
the judgments of the St. Louis court
against Julius Lehman and Emil Hurt
man, found guilty of bribery while
members of the St. Louis House of
Delegates. Lehman was given seven
•years and Hartman six years in the
penitentiary.
Missouri Suprcfnc Court Affirms Judg
ments Against l.rhmnn mill Hurt
man — Snyder to Ciet Trial.
BRIBERS MUST SERVE
SENTENCE FOR CRIJIE
OAKLAND, 'June 14.— Julia Mar
riott began a suit to-aay against her
divorced husband, "Ned" Marriott, and
the Alameda Savings Bank to quiet
title to her home at Haight avenue
and Fourth street in Alameda. The
Marriott home is built upon a part of
the old Governor'' Haight property and
was given the young people by Frank
P. Bacon, father of Mrs. Marriott.
Julia Mnrriott Wants Home.
OAKLAND, June 14.— Harry Bald
win was convicted of burglary in the
second degree this evening by a jury
in Judge S. P. Hall's court. Baldwin
was implicated in the theft of a lot of
jewelry from Mrs. K. Thompson's res
idence in Alameda. ' Harry Childs is
serving a term of eight years at Fol-
Rom penitentiary for his part in the
crime and Ed Morton, who gave tes
timony against the pair, is awaiting
trial.
Convicted of Burglary-
. OAKLAND, June 14. — The mar
riage of Miss Charlotte E. Lucas of
692 Twenty-sixth street. East Oakland,
and Carl E. Brown of 1212 Castro
street, which took place in San Fran
cisco on May 16, has just been an
nounced by the young couple, whose
parents and relatives were very much
surprised when the secret was re
vealed. Mr. and Mrs. Brown are still
residing apart at the homes of their
respective families.
Secret Kept. From Parents.
OAKLAND, June 14. — Judge Sam
uels heard further testimony to-day
in the search warrant proceedings
brought by David F. Selby, who
claims that Jose Ferro, a Southern
Pacific Company porter, found 51600
In a grip Selby left on an Oakland
boat. Ferro insists that 5 1300 found
in his house belongs to two children,
his wards. Effort was made to show
that the court records prove Ferro'e
claim untrue. The hearing will con
tinue, to-morrow.
Fight to Recover Coin.
Mrs. Mein was dazed by the shock
and the coachman jvas also stunnnd,
but he gathered himself together and
helped to clear up the wreckage.)
Both of Mrs. Mein's sons are away
from the city. Robert Mein is in Alas
ka and William Mein is in South Af
rica handling extensive mining inter
ests.
Mrs. Mein, wha is an elderly woman,
was removed to her residence at Lake
and Jackson streets. Her injuries will
confine her to bed for some time.
The accident occurred at the cross
ing of Fifth avenue and East Twelfth
street. 1 The car struck a rear wheel,
tearing it off, and both of the occupants
of the vehicle were thrown into the
street.
Mrs. Thomas Mein, widow of the late
Thomas Mein, the South African min
ing magnate, was thrown from a car
riage last night in a collision with an
Eighth avenue electric ? car. She was
badly bruised and shaken." Cc-achman
Nelson was also pitched off his seat,
cut and bruised. The horses were pre
vented from running away by prompt
action of men on the car who came to
the rescue.-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 14.
NEW YORK, June 14.— Samuel M.
Burbank of Arizona, a retired mer
chant, attempted to kill himself tp-day
by cutting his throat in a law office.
He is now a prisoner in a hospital
charged with attempted suicide.
Burbank is 55 years of age, and a
brother of Caleb A. Burbank, the resid
uary legatee of the late Ambrose
Brackett Burbank, a millionaire, who
died on January 17 last and who for
several months up to the time of his
death was nursed by Samuel M. Bur
bank. It is believed that Samuel M.
Burbank's mind was affected through
his «lose care of his uncle and for some
time his brother has feared such an
outcome as that of to-day. Burbank's
attempt on his life, it is said, also may
be due to the issuance of an order
directing him to appear in court in
connection with the contest of his un
cle's will.
The estate of Ambrose B. Burbank.
has been estimated at from 11.000.000
to $2,000,000 and among several minor
bequests was one of 523,000 to William
F. Burbank, a San Francisco banker,
who refused to take any part in the
litigation over the will.
At the hospital this afternoon it was
said that Burbank's wound is slight
and he should recover from it within a
week.
OAKLAND. June 14.— Mrs. J. E.
Duff, residing at 1227 Linden street,
was arrested to-day on complaint of
Rev. G. B. Giambruno. He alleges
the woman seriously injured his son,
fix years of age. The. child had been
picking: cherries in the yard at the
Duff place and it is charged that In
attempting to drive him away Mrs.
Duff threw a jelly glasg at him, in
flicting a deep wound on the head.
The father Is in charge of the Pres
byterian mission at W'eet Oakland and
resides at 1215 Linden street.
Saj6 Woman Injured Boy.
Mrs. Thomas Meiii and Her
Coach man Injured in an
East Oakland Accident
Retired Merchant of Arizona
Attempts to Kill Himself
in New York Law Office
. BERKELEY, June 14.— Mrs. Zella Nuttall,
who I* directing the Crocker-Reed archaeolog
ical investigations in Old Mexico, has made
a reoort to President Wheeler outlining her
plans for the coming year. Among the tasks
which It is sought to fulfill Is the transla
tion and commentary of the. text of "The
Book of Life" of the ancient Mexicans,
the fac-simil'.- edition of which was published
last year. Since , her residence In Mexico
Mra. Nuttall has had access to many Im
portant unpublished documents and to several
obscure publications that throw light on the
life and rdicion of the ancient Mexicans. In
order to embody the Important results of
these latest researches, the commentary on
the manuseriDt Is betas ravis-d and rewrit
ten In several parts. A sixteenth century
map of the valley of Mexico, prepared by
Alonzo de Santa Cruz, th? cosmographer of
King Philip ii, will be published, with trans
lations and commentaries. The colored fac
simile of the map Is now -befog made at Stock
holm in the Government printing office. The
preparation of this map has made necessary
th« studying and copying by Mrs. Kuttall of
all the. plans and maps of the valley of Mex
ico, datlns- from the sixteenth century, and
also a study of the history of the different
towns under the Aztec and Spanish dominions.
The original of the map contains eighty-two
hieroglyphic names of localities that hav?
been Identified and translated. The material
already accumulated by Mrs. Nuttall for Its
publication Is so complete that as soon as
part II of "The Book of Life" of the an
cient Mexicans is prepared she will begin
to write the commentary on the map.
Garrick M. Borden. secretary of the de
partment of university extension and staff
lecturer, has gone to Los Gatos for the-pur
pose of establishing a - university extension
center. A number of lectures will be deliv
ered there throughout the yrar. "•
Assistant ¦ Professor Henry XV. Prescott of
the department of Latin will deliver the com
mencement address at | the Los Gatos High
School on the evening of June 2.1.
The university ha» received from Count
Llmburg-Stirum, the > General- Commlfsloner
of the German empire In charge of the Ger
man educational exhibition at St. I^iuls. a
cordial invitation to the students and mem
bers of the faculty of the university to visit
this exhibition in th* Educational building at
St. Louis. «•¦• - I .
CAR COLLIDES
WITH CARRIAGE
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
PHOTOGRAPHS TAKEN AT THE CHABOT HOME, SHOWING GIRL PUPILS AT
WORK. AND 8OME OF THOSE WHO RECEIVED THEIR DIPLOMAS AT .THE
GRADUATION EXERCISES HELD AT THE INSTITUTION YESTERDAY.
V A I NLY TRIES
TO END LIFE
BERKELEY, June 14.— Thirty long
shoremen, working for the West "Berke
ley Lumber Company, went on a
strike this morning because they want
their wages increased from thirty to
thirty-five cents an hour. The men
quit after working an hour this morn
ing. They have no union. The strike
caught the lumber company at a bad
time. Three schoners were at the
wharf, waiting to be unloaded of their
fiOO.000 feet of lumber. This is almost
a three weeks' job. Samuel Heywood,
president of the company, refused to
listen to the demands of the men, de
claring himself able to fill their places
easily.
lx)nz«horcmen Strike.
Certificates of the completion of the
first year's work were presented to
Miss Katherine Okerstrom and Miss
Alice M. Goss.
The exercises were "concluded with
vocal selections by Mrs. E. I. Barthol
emew and instrumental numbers by
Miss Anna Soderstrand.
The home was founded for homeless
and needy women, Anthony Chabot
having been its founder.. Two years
ago the .department of domestic science
was established, and in this needlework
and general household duties are
taught. The department has proved
successful and the directors of the
home are well satisfied with the inno
vation.
Miss Mary M. Flockhart. Mi*s Margaret
Sinclair, MIfs Katherlne Dunstan, Miss Annie
Wright. Miss Nellie Campbell, Miss Anne
Rohan and Miss Alma V. Strandbers.
At the close of the address diplomas
were presented to the following grad
uates:
The diplomas certify that they .have not
only finished the course of instruction in this
institution, but have also comsleted a full
year's work In some outside position, and have
been found capable and trustworthy.
The exercises wefe brief and the pro
gramme iv a s opened with a vocal se
lection by Mrs. E. I. Bartholemew.
This was followed by the presentation
of diplomas by Mr. Brown, who said
in part: .
Th»re ere two conditions upon which suc
cess in life depends — the ability to furnish
something of which the world stands In need
and to be able to furnish It well. One of the
things which the world needs most Just now
is Rood housekeepers — women who thoroughly
understand the care of the home and the
proper preparation of wholesome food. And
it was with the object of enabling the ycung
women of this community to obtain this
knowledge that the domestic science depart
ment of thp Chabot Home was established.
OAKLAND, June ,14.— Seven young
ladies, the first to graduate from the
domestic science department of the
Chabot Home, who have just complet
ed a year's practical work irl positions
secured for them by the directors* of
the institution, received the honors of
graduation this evening. They got
their diplomas from the Rev. Charles
R. Brown, president of the board of
directors of the home: He delivered
a short address.
Professor Henry Rand Hatfleld. formerly as
sistant professor of -political economy in the
Unlvrrrlty rtt Chicago, has arrived here to be
come associate- professor of accounting In the
l'nlv«rslty of California. .. Professor • Hatfteld
comes on the recommendation of President
Wr.ecler. who ha* plans' for the enlargement
ol the College of Commerce.
I The • announcement in made of the engaged
nirnt cf Miss Ada Graber. daughter of Judpe
Thnrca* F. Graber of 2037 Durant street, the
w. ll-known OrtkUnd attorney, and Charles E.
Junes of San Francisco. I The wedding; will take
Hare on Thursday afternoon In -St. John's
Church, San Francisco, when only ' relatives
will be pr« sent.
BERKELEY,. June 14. — The Alathonlan Club
pave a dinner last Friday evening at the home
of Mis* Grace Piatt, 2033 Hearst avenue. In
hr.nor of the five members of the club who
were graduated with ' the* last senior class at
the I3erkeley High School. MIfs Piatt was a
charminst tocFtmtstross 8J>d the responses were
all timely. The honored -guests -were Miss
<>i:vc Morrlxh. Mlts Adah Lockett. Miss Lynda
Service. .MiM Nina. Monroe and' Miss Calle
Newlan.
Mr. and Mrs. Walter Renwlck of 13« Foun
tain street celebrated the golden anniversary
of thrir wedding at their home yesterday after
noon and last evening. Four generations of de
scendents were present. Mr. and Mrs Ren
wick were wedded In 1854, near what is now
Fruitvale. the ceremony being: performed by
the late Rev. Samuel Briggs. For almost half
a century they resided in East Oakland and
Fllcbburg. coming to Alameda a few. years
ago to make their home with their only living
child. Mrs. Jeanette Jones. Mr. Renwlck
came to California In 1SG2 and In 1853 he as
sisted In laying out the town of Clinton, wow
part of East Oakland. About forty friends of
the pair called yesterday to congratulate them
upon pasting the half century milestone In
their married life and many beautiful tokens
of (told and silver were presented to the
couple. »-
A larewcll party was given Edward Mysel
by forty of his friends at his home. 444 Taylor
avenue, tart night. He will leave to-morrow
for New Tork and before returning: will visit
the exposition at St. Lonls.
Mr. and Mrs." Truman G. Daniells left this
morning for Bartlett- Springs to spend a brief
vacation.
Mr. and Mrs. Waldo Parkhurst of 2003 Cen
trnl avenue are visltinr friends In Portland,
Ore.
Mr. and Mrs. O. Alexander Wrirht enter
tained last night at their home, 2329 Pacific
street. Id honor of Miss Moore and Miss
Murphy of London, who are making a tour
of the world. Among those Invited to meet
the guests were Mrs. I. K. Chapman Mrs
Richard H. Gray, Mr. VThltaker. Mrs Willis
Polk and Mr. Garvey.
Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Henkenlun and daughters
will leave Wednesday morning for Jeffrey's In
the Santa Cruz Mountains, to remain several
weeks.
ALAMCDA. June 14.— Mr.. Louise Ahlborn.
who had long been a resident of this city
left la>t evening for Vienna, Austria, where
she will join her daughter, who has been study
ing rmisi" in Europe for two years. Mre Ahl
born recently disposed of her residence on
H)eh street and Central avenue.
Georre Jackson, the well-known at
torney of this city, has returned from a three
weeks visit of business and pleasure at As
\°J\1; Or ii £ Ir - Jackson *••« the guest of
Ujlllam R. Hume, general manager of the
Tongue River Lumber Companr.
Those pi-sent at the announcement partv
m" 6 «- r - c a "i Mr T- W - st ' c *w Sr., Mr and
Is, •,f"5n er r " Mra - Wlnt «-- k Habelt.
P. Schmidt, Miss V. Bernard. H. Bregers. Ml?s
Agnes stoker O f Oakland. Mr. and Mrs Buhri
Ml£«-j 1'aullne and Alma Buhr of Alameda
and Mise Ksther Paul, MisB Annie Sturken
Miss Dora Bannick and Harry Strohleln of San
r mncisco.
At a birthday party recently given by MIfs
Agnes Siecker at her home, 671 Twenty-fourth
F-r.et, the engapr-ment was announced of MIfs
Flecker and F. Habett. Mi*s Steckcr's friends
have b^en FurmiMng for some time that *uch
an announcement would b» made She i« an
attractive young lady and an accomplished "mu-
An interesting music recital will be given
to-monw evening at OrpheUs Hall by pupils
of L>. P. Hughes and W. J. McCoy Those
who wm participate are Mies Rita Rater?
piano; Miss Lulita WaMey. contralto: Robert
Hughes, barytone. MiM, Lucy Hannibal will
bo the accompanist and Miss Winifred June
Monran. the well-known Uolinint. wHI also
be «,!;, h WO x?[ M £. w , cC °>> compositions will
be sung by Ml.«s Wasley.
Mr*. Karl always takes K reat delight in
entertaining her dauehter'n trlendH and noth
ing waa leit undone Saturday that might con
duce to the jreneral enjoyment.
The pretty hill residence Man decorated with
Mnk blosyomii and various sanies furnished
amusement for the youne people. The prize?
wxre pit-tty souvenir* o f the Worlds Kutr at
>t. Louis and were valued accordingly bvihe
lucky winner?.— Enid runnin K ham, 'Irene
0 < onner. Helen rooean and Florence Wheeler.
A dainty collation was served on *mall
tables. Among Miss Martha's miests were:
H«lene ord«»n, Knld Cunningham, Kleanor
Munsun Uenevleve Owen, Hilda Howard,
s-i:«.innah MUler, ' Anna Uernajs Hattie Mo
9*y%££l? SSESS- Keth H03 ' t - Thoda Cock^
KM. I-.thel Moore, Katharine Hennlson. Tauline
1 i«rson. -noren-e. Wheeler, Wandee Oieek.
Kmma Athenian. Hejen Ooosan, Margaret
\\el>r-r, Irene u_Ounnor, Marie McHenry Ltla
i^ 1 \i e ' . . n . a 1 *" uy! ' la ' , Esther Coolry. ilab»l
Voller Lsllaiisoyes. AVft-Burchard, Slay Ten
ant. I.oie Holland. Johanna Yaney, Pu*sv
« re«l. Nellie Adams, Camille Adam?, Roth
t»enung. ¦
OAKUA.NI>, June 14.— The .little afternoon
affair given last Saturday by Miss .Marthai
Karl, the -tarang daughter at Mr. and Mrs.
Guy Karl. *a* a happy reunion of classmates,
> hu tor several years have , participated in
the real Joy* and fancied wt.es of life In the
Lincoln School and "wher wilt' next year be
studtnts at the hish. This merry little band
has made the mogt. et whatever brightness
has come its way and a spirit of. frlrndly
comradeship has made even . school work a
pltajFurr. It can b# readily . understood then
thai wh. n they met simply for a '"good time"
they had It. ;
By Zoo Green Itadcliffe.
A FEW AFFAIRS.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 14.
Police Judge George Samuels to-day
registered- the first conviction in this
city under the compulsory educational
act which requires parents to send
their offspring of school age to school
for at least eighteen consecutive weeks
in the year.
The convicted parent was L. M.
Fickes, father of Lawson Fickes, 12
years old. The arrest was made on
complaint of C. E. Merwin, truant of
ficer of the Public School Department.
At the trial to-day Fickes offered no
legal excuse for his failure to obey the
provisions of the new statute, and con
viction followed without delay.
"This court believes in the letter and
the spirit of this compulsory education
al law," commented Judge Samuels.
"Compulsory education should be en
forced. It is a wise thing for children
and for parents, who are apt to be ne
glectful." '
Fickes will be sentenced Friday.
The site was bought and the building
uai erected during the centennial year
<if 1876. For fourteen years no profit
was returned in,the shape of dividends
to the investors", but since 1SS0 the in
come ha5 been regular each year. Many
«>f the stockholders are the lodged' and
other Masonic bodies that meet m the
building. There are also quite a num
ber of individual stockholders.
The association .values the property
at 1150.000 at least, and those promi
nent in its management say the asso
ciation would not contemplate a less
amount than the. higher figure. This
valuation gives ""the stock a' value of
par plus half again. No steps have
l>een taken by the association to take
action in the matter of selling. Some of
the directors stoutly refuse to have
anything to do with it. Others are non
committal. According to one of them
the association was a pioneer in the
movement to erect fine buildings in
Oakland. Nearly thirty years ago it
went to the then- remote corner r of
Twelfth and Washington streets and
erected it? temple. It was a move far
in advance of the city's growth- • Now
when the proposition to move* out of
the old 'building is advanced many
have looked at U aelianoe.;. :'-..';;:•¦.• ..
No evidence of a desire to part with
their holdings has as yet been mani
fested on the part of the stockholders.
The; property is in excellent condition
from a financial "point of view. The
building, though not modern, is very
eubFiantial. Its walls are more than
crdinaajHy thick and the whole super
structure rests on a solid foundation.
Communications have been written
to each ct the forty stockholders in
Masonic Hall Association, which owns
the property. An offer of $130,000 was
mafle for the site and the building.
This tender is J30.000 higher than the
par value of the association^ stock.
There are 10,000 shares at $10 a. share.
The stock has been dividend paying
since IS'JO.
Negotiations have been opened for
the purchase' of fhe Masonic Temple
property at the northwest corner of
Twelfth and Washington streets by J.
H. MaedonaM ortheTlrnTof J. H. Mac
donald & Co.. realty brokers, on behalf
of a client who is unnamed by his
agents.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, June 14.
JSliare Owners Manifest No
Riish to Sell Their Divi
dend Paying Collateral
His Honor Announces His
Cordial Indorsement of
Compulsory EducationLaw
WRITES . STOCKHOLDERS
UPHOLDS NEW STATUTE
Temple at Washington and
Twelfth Streets Is Object
of Realty Broker's Bid
Judge Samuels Convicts a(
Careless Father of Fail
ing to Send Son to School
FINDS PARENT
TO BE GUILTY
WANTS TO BUY
MASONIC HALL
ARM IS CAUGHT
IN A WRINGER
CHABOT HOME GRADUATES YOUNG
WOMEN WORKERS IN DOMESTIC ARTS
Employe of the Manasse
»Block Tanning Company
Sees Member Flattened
Seven Faithful Students, Who Had Labored in Field of Practical Usefulness
to Give Finishing Touch to Education, Are Rewarded With the Gift of
Diplomas That Attest ..Owners' Worth as Members of the Household
WAS THIN AS A HIDE
Wong Sing, the Victim, Had
Worked at the Tannery
for Twenty - Six Years
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 14.
An iron wringer used in drying hides
slowly flattened out the arm of an em
ploye of the Manasse-Block Tanning
Company from shoulder to wrist this
afternoon and necessitated the amputa
tion of the member. The victim was
"Wong Sing, a Chinese employed at the
works for twenty-six years. Sing was
reaching between the rollers when he
touched the device that closed them.
This started the rollers. His screams
could not be heard in the engine-room,
and he saw his arm come flattened out
from the wringer as thin as the hides
he handled without being able to do
anything to save himself.
The rollers closed down upon the
arm close up to the shoulder and they
were at the wrist when the machinery
was stopped. The bones were crushed
and the flesh flattened out to twice the
width of the natural arm. The injure-l
man was hurried to the Receiving Hos
pital, where Drs. R. T. Stratton. R. \l"
Emerson and A. S. Kelly amputated
the crushed member. The rollers had a
pressure of seven tons.
George Bishop 3IarTies.
BERKELEY, June 14.— George Bish
op, the boxing contest promoter, was
married last night to Miss Ada Glen
don of Seattle, the wedding taking place
at the Bishop residence, 1527 Ashby
avenue. The Rev. W. H. Scudder. pas
tor of Park Congregational Church,
Lorin, officiated. Miss Nora Sheehan of
Vallejo attended the bride and Frank
C. Bishop was best man.
Mr. and Mrs. Bishop will go north
shortly. Bishop will handle a boxing
carnival at Dawson.
Prohibitionists to Kally.
BERKELEY, June 14. — A joint
meeting of the Good Templars' Lodge
and the Prohibition Alliance of Berke
ley will be held Wednesday evening
of this wek in Golden Sheaf Hall. C.
F. Dinsmore will deliver an address
and there will be prose and poetry
readings. The public is invited.
ALAMEDA. June 14. — Hilton S.
Evans and Miss Clara Follrath. the
latter but 16 years of age, went to San
Francisco Saturday and were united
in marriage, the parents of the girl,
Mr. and Mrs. Follrath, consenting to
the union. Evans has Just attained his
majority.
Bride Is but Sixteen.
Alameda County.
TUESDAY. JUNE 14.
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTION*
L*o L and Estelie II. Nichols to Char.'i
M MaeOregor. lots .il and 32 (except E 1<> f»»i
of lot 33>. block E. map Na 2. Linda \ijh»
Terrace. Oakland: S!0.
\ugusta W\ Holland (widow) to Oscar D.
and Philomen* Whitney, lot on E line of Wen
street 83 N of Twentieth. N 35 by E ICO. por
tion of lots 2 and :i. block L. CurtU A Wil
liams Tract. Oakland; $1D.
P. \V. And-.-rson (wlfe> to Piedmont Pavln«
Company (a corporation). Intersection S lire
lot 12 with line dividing lots 11 and 12. theno*
E 109, thence at right angles .>0. thence at
right angles to point on line dividing lots It
and 12 distant 54..T3 from potnt of begtrmlr.g.
thence 54.35 to beginning, being a SW" portion
lot 12. block T. revised map Oakland Heights,
Oakland: $10. „
.Sarah E. Bancroft tt> Harlow P. Bancroft,
lots 1 to 2S inclusive, block J. lots 1 to ."« in
olusiv* block K» lots 1 to 27 Inclusive, bk.ck
y Alpine Tract Oakland; gift.
Oakland Building and Lo^n A«sociation to
Margaret E Leonard lot on SW line of Ea-t
Eleventh street. 73 SE of Twenty -seventh ave
nue SE 25 by SW 100. lot 4. block M. mao
Knowles & Potter eubdlvision of Kennedy
Tract. East Oakland: $1'». '
James R. and MargaTet A. Little to J. Ed
win and Emma Little twife). lot on E line or
Wheeler street. 15'l N of Prlnoe. N -J> by
E 12.1. lot 21 biock A. map of part of Wool
*ey Tract Berkeley ; »10O.
Beiry- Bangs I-and Company (a corporation)
to J-«ip T Haskell. let on E line of HttW-
K as4 avenue. 2JO S of Siuart street. S SO by E
US lot 17 block I. Ifcrry-Eanss Tract. maj>
No. 2 Berkeley, deed ami a«r«.-ment: »ll>.
t'apital Loan and Trust Company tcorpora
tion Capital Kuildmc and Ljan Assoc'atron*
to Daniel Meypr. lot on N llrrt of Clemen:
avenue 12i> E of Willow street. -E Ji» by N
130, block 15, land* adjacent to Enclnal. Ala
n.eda; ?lS0i>.
Theodcre or Thco and Ferdlnande Gler
(wife) to Tiieo Uier Company (corporation),
lot on 3 line of Fourteenth stre-t. 1UO W -•€
Wa-hington. W ;.u by d 10". lots 12 and R
block 1SW, Kellersberifer's map. Oakland; *^0«:l).
Theo Gier Company (corporation) to- Hey»
wood Bros and WakeflfM Company of San
Francisco (corporation), lot on S line of Four
teenth street 1^0 W of Washington. W jO by
S VHt, lets 12 and 1.5. block MJ, same. Oakr
land: *iu.
Charles and MaVy R. Pchirmer to Margaret
R Cronsley lot on SW line of East Twelflh
'treet 100 SE of Twelfth avenue. SE W> by
SW 15O block .T*. Clinton. East Oakland; $1".
Pauline Marshall <sin<[le> to C. K. Marshall,
lot on E line of Tenth street. 3M.1I S of
Chanatng way. S 50 by E 139. lots 2»J and 27.
block !"«. corrected map A very Tract. Berke
ley: $10
A A Kink (single) to Ltiella F. Blac'-e
(wife of W. »•.), lot 7. Mock ». amended map
Sea View Park Berkeley; $10.
A. J. and Alice if. Thompson to L._ H.
IJak-r lot on XV line of Spruce street, 22. -V
of Rose M 50 by W 133, portion lota 14 and
12, block 23. property X of liyrne Eerkeley
Villa Tract. Berkeley; $10.
I^lda and Eugene. A. Pec'-c to Georgre H.
Young lot on W line of Harper street. 2J5 a
of Ashby avenue. S 40 by W 122. block «.
amended map ind r»*ubdiv!*i.->n of Central
Park. Berkeley, quitclaim deed; $1.
THREE KILLED
IN FEUD FIGHT
Five 3Ien. 3Iembers of Two
Families, Settle Old Scores
With Revolvers in Indiana
BRYANTSVILLE. Ind.. June 14.—
Three are dead and two wounded, one
fatally, as the result of a feud affray
on the streets of this village to-day.
The dead:
JAMES ROUT, ased 32 years.
CHARLES ROUT, aged 36.
MILTON TOW. aged 34.
James Tow, aged 32, was fatally
wounded, and Frank Tow, aged 38, was
severely wounded.
The fight is the culmination of a feud
between the Rout and Tow families
which has existed for several years.
The fight took place In front of an
election booth. s^ "»•'••¦
It Is in doubt as to who fired the first
shot. Each of the five men drew re
volvers and each side advanced, all
fFring. The men were not fifteen feet
apart when the firing ceasad and on the
ground lay three dead, one dying with
a bullet through his neck and one still
stood with a bullet wound through his
arm and one in his side.
None of the bystanders was struck,
although more than twenty-five shots
were fired. ¦
TEXAN KILLS XEGKO WHO
TAKES SEAT BESIDE HIM
Colored Man Kefnscs to Chans©
Places. Grows Insolent and 19
Promptly Shot to Death.
GALVESTON. Tex., June 14. — Ike
Bledsoe. a former Dallas negro, was
shot and killed in a restaurant at El
Paso last night. The cause of the
trouble was that Bledsoe took a seat
at a table already, occupied by John
McBride. a white man.
Me Bride insisted upon the nejrro
going: to another table, but Bledsoe
replied that Booker 'Washington dined
with President Roosevelt and he saw
no reason why he should not eat with
McBride. The latter retorted that the
instajice referred to occurred in
Washington and this was Texas. Fur
ther expostulation was resorted to. but
only provoked further insojence from
the negro and at last McBride shot
the i negro. - • ," ,1
WOODMEN . ELECT OFFICERS.— Qaiiland,
Jun*>- 14. — Oakland Camp No. 94. Woodmen of
the World, fleeted the follow-In* Afftcers.laat
night: Consul commander. Dr. U.-J.- tackey;
advisory lieutenant. Georsc# F. Leitfr: escort.
XV. S. Chandler: watchman. II. H.'., Henderson
sentry. A. Dingle; manager. XV. L. Baldt; or
ganist. Charles J. Krytaer. . . ' »
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/ WEDNESDAY, JUNE 15, 1904.
6
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on August
30, 1904, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of thl.4
household treasure should not
fail to place their order Im-
mediately.
This splendid premium win
he offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of 50
cents per copy. Out of town
orders 23 cents additional to
cover prepayment of transporta-
tion charges.
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE AUGUST
30, 1901.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 4o92.
BERKELEY.
2HS Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
OAKLAND.
101* Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTYBig Cost to Ireland.
Calculating the cost of raising a per
son in Ireland at K00 — and this .is one
fifth of the supposed cost In the United
States — emigration has cost Ireland
since 1S51, when the statistics were
first kept, about JSOO.OOO.COO. An anti
emigration society-has been started In
Dublin and is doing what it can to
stem the tide of emigration. Its plan
of campaign is to show that while some
of the emigrants do better their condi
tion, many of them do not, and that
these latter almost invariably reach a
lower state of misery than is possible
tn Ireland, where the worst they have
-to fare is poverty, but poverty with
out the moral degradation common in
large cities. This society has arranged
to hold an anti-emigration conference
at the St. Louis Exposition this year ir
the hope that it may do something
among the Irish people in the . Unite*]
States to prevent them in any way as
sisting emigration from Ireland.
"That won't do." replied the teacher.
"You must go home and find out and
then come and tell me just what Is the
matter with your mamma."
Pretty soon the boy came toddling
back into the room. 'Teacher," said
he, "mamma. saya it's all right. She
says it's a' boy, and it ain't catching. —
New York Commercial. - / .
Mamma says it ain't catching."
A Concord (New Hampshire) kin
dergarten teacher tells the following
story of a recent experience that she
had with one of her little tots. The
rules require when a child reports Ill
ness In the family that the teacher
shall find out whether such illness is
contagious or not. and it is customary
to send the child home for a statement
of facts. The other morning one of
the younger boys reported that "his
mamma was sick." He was sent home
to find out the nature of the illness
and soon returned with the Informa
tion:
A Boy and Not Catching-
The newly introduced knowledge of
the jiujitsu exercises of the Japanese
brings to mind a curious distinction
r between the Germanic races and those
{ that have accepted their standards and
t Asiatic races and some European na
tions. These' Japanese exercises, used
to develop* the ability to defend one's
self, are based on. practices which
throughout the north of Europe are re
garded as '"foul play,'-* and are. there
fore, ruled cut of sports and the manly
art of self-defense. He is a low-down
fighter who in England strikes a foul
blow or takes an unfair advantage of
an opponent. But the Japanese have
elevated the foul blow, and the unfair
advantage to a science. The art of
offense and defense Js to take one's op- <
ponent unexpectedly at a disadvant
age, to fracture his leg. to dislocate. his
arm. or "break -his neck. Frenchmen
have made a science cf the art of kick
ing, and can practice it with an agility
and skill -which' would knock out the
champion boxer of the world befire he
had adjusted himself to the situation.
The boxer's chin would be broken an J
his nose battered "in before he knew
what had happened. Just what thes?
national practices indicate in the - na
tional character we' are .not wise
enough to tell.— Christian Register.
Alaska needs 10,000 miles of railroads,
20.C00 miles of wagon roads and tele
phone lines, and can. as fast as trans
portation-is available, give homes and
employment to a pc-pulatlon of 10,
000,000. -
Tbc Foul Blow in Japan.
Trmrtfrance Worker Dies.
FARMIXGTON. Me., June 14. — Mrs.
Helen CoSn Beedy. whose ability and
devction to temperance work were
recognized a year ago by her appoint
ment es a national organizer of the
NaSorial Woman's Christian Temper
ence Union and who was president of
the National Dorothea Dix Associa
tion, died to-day as the result of an
operation performed at Washington.
D. C. last Trtnter. Mrs. Beedy was
«n sxtive worker with the late Frances
H. Wl'lara.
Dr. Robert Elmer Bunker, the well
known physician, died suddenly in his
cfSce tn the Thurlow block last Sun
day. He was discovered dead in a
chair. Heart failure "was the cause.
Dr. Bunker was a native of ilinne
apolis, Minn., and was 42 years old.
He leaves a wife, but ro children. He
¦was «. member of California Lodge of
Masons, under whose auspices the
funeral will be held to-day. He tras
also the supreme medical examiner of
the Lincoln Annuity Union.
DrT Bunker Die? Suddenly.
3I1SUSE, OF PRIVILEGES
BY OUR REPRESENTATIVES
Strong Contrast With the System In !
Vogue in British House of
Commons.
One of the worst . obstacles to good
government in Washington Is the desk •
with which every Representative and
Senator is provided. Not content with
the facilities afforded by this desk for
transacting other business than legisla
tion. Representatives have voted them
selves an office^ building, where ever^
man can have "a room or a suite ».™
rooms for the transaction of his cut- ,
side business, which now occupies i
much more of his time than his Inside \
business.
The de£ks .occupy a great deal of j
room and spread the House of Repre- j
sentati\es over so vast an area that (
only men with exceptional lur.g power)
can be heard. Consequently the bulls j
of Bashan have an unfair advantage !
over men who think hard but cannot |
talk so loud. The opening and shutting i
of the desks is a disturbance. But the
great disadvantage of the desk, the j
private secretary and the proposed of- i
fice are that they encourage the Con
gressmen to spend their time sending
seeds to their constituents, getting per.- j
slons for the friends of men ; T.-ho may
be able to help them, securing increases
of rent of postofSces for in3uentia! men
in their districts and getting more clerk
hire allowance for Postmasters who ;
will see that friendly persons shall be i
elected delegates to the Congressional !
conventions.
In the House of Commons there are
no desks. A man may speak though
he have not the voice of a foghorn, and
the membership of the house is much
larger than that of the House of Rep
resentatives. Members of the former
do not* act as general claim agents and
solicitors for their constituents, and
they have no facilities for doing so.
The average American is getting to
3Ior-an*s Costly Ci^ar*
Among distinguished users of to
baccc. says the United Stales Tobacco
Journal, there are few more prominent
than J. Plerpont Morgan. Mr. Morgan
Is a heavy cigar srao&er. and he is
particular about what he smokes. He
has his cigars made e^pe^-iJIly for him
in Havana. Each has a red band with
gold lettering and the initials "J. P.
If." Sometimes alter board meetings
in various enterprises* these labo!s are
found on the floor, and there is a great
scramble for them, as they are regard
ed as mascots. esr>eeia!Jy in the diffe k >
I *nt Wall-street offices. Mr. Morgan's
cigars are very large, and the label
13 wide enoush to make, if it wer»
metal instead of pap^x. a rins for the
finger of any ordinary man — a little
loose for the fourth finger and a little
tight for th<? thumb. The usual price
he pays is $-(50 a thou^aud.. which is
less extravagant than onj of his part
ners, whose smokes cost him $SS>) a
ihousan'J-
Fast Tra^Ru;
The whales that swim about th«» Is
lands which lie off the euast of Nor
way and Finland, in March and April,
travel immense distance?. I»i May
they apivear at the Azores cr even at
the Bermudas and sometimes <>'-»»:* pay
a visit to the Antil'es. They s-vim fa*:,
for ln June they are back a?ain cf?
Norway. Some of these whale* hav»
been known to bring bark evidences
of where they have been, for harpoons
of the peculiar kind used of? the coast
of South America have been found
stuck in them.— Exchange.
think of a Congressman as notcms
else, and the Industry of Congressmen
in getting money for the postofnees in
their districts shows one of the less ob
jectionable results of Congress as *
walking delegate for his district, witb;
a keen interest incidentally In makinc
friecd3 who help h!ra to another term.
We had supposed that the hostility
to automobiles signified nothing more
than the hoodlumism of uneasy boys
who have no playgrounds, and who
throw stones and bottles because they
want some outlet for their energy. A
boy was arrested in New York some
time ago for breaking the pictured
windows of a church. When asked
why he did it he answered. "What else
Is there to do?" A chance to play tag
and ball ln a playground would cure
htm of the window-smashing habit, as
it would cure his fellows of the habit
of throwing missiles at automobiles.
But we are assured by the observant
that the enmity of the slum populace
for people who ride in horseless car
riages is founded on something deeper
than superfluous vitality. It is a hate
of the rich, which is encouraged by
the yellow papers, that are owned by
the rich, but edited for circulation
among the poor, whose pennies make
the rich still richer. That there is a
class rather than a personal feeling in
this hostility is betokened by the fre
quency of the assaults. One man re
ports that in a single ride of a few
miles he was attacked no less than
twenty-five times. When a woman was
killed by a boy In the Italian quarter
a few days ago the act was seen by
hundreds of Italians, yet they will not
reveal his place of hiding nor help in
his capture. A community that Is so
manifestly hostile to American ways
Is a community to watch.— Brooklyn
Eagle.
Automobiles and Class Hatred.
AUuncda County Deaths.
OAKLAND. June 14.— Mrs. Mabel M.
Btrobridee. a?e 23 years, died last nipfct
cr her home, 1027 Chester street, after
a brief illness. The deceased leaves a
husband, to -whom she had been mar
ri« i d only a short time.
Mrs. Eleanor Bennett, the trife cf
TViHiain Bennett, died suddenly last
: ijrht at her home in Upper Fniltvale.
aged €3 years. Besides her husbapd the
d*>ceased leaves a daughter. Mrs. J.
Jeshua. Bridpe.
Mrs. Amelia M. Gabriel died last
r.'.cht at a hospital in this city after
a lor.j: illness. She resided in Watson
ville and leave* four children.
•
Dies in Honolaln.
Word was received yesterday from
Honolulu announcing' the death there
en June 9 cf F. 31. Smith, for many
years chief clerk of the Occidental
Hotel in this city. About four months
r ; go he left San Francisco for Hono
lulu, where he assumed the manage
ment of the Hawaiian Hotel. His
death •was the result of a severe fever
<-ontracted a few weeks ago. The de
ceased was a native of Watkins Glen.
SC T.. 45 years of age. He leaves a
widow and three children, who are liv
ing in this city.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
The example set by California and
other States In making the wealth of
resources of its State Library available
to the whole State has lately been fol
lowed, by the State of West Virginia.
The Virginia State Library contains
100,000 books and pamphlets. These are
to be classified and catalogued. The
interlibrary loan system, allowing loans
of books throughout the State, has been
established and traveling libraries are
to be sent out.
Benefactions to Eastern libraries are
not. confined to millionaires. In the
little mountain village of Pine Hill,
N. J.. the summer home of the late
President Morton of the Stevens In
stitute of Technology, a memorial lib-,
rary to their parents has been pre
sented, and will be maintained, by
Henry S. and Quincy Morton. The
cost of the building was $7000.
A gift that is unique in its source
and purpose has just been made to
the Forbes Public Library of North
ampton, Mass. Mrs. Charles A. Cutter,
widow of the late librarian, long prom
inent in library circles, has given a
fund of $5000, the income from which
is to be devoted to the increase of the
librarian's salary. This gift is con
ditioned upon the yearly appropriation
by the City Council of a sum equal to
the income of this fund, that the sal
ary may be raised from $1SOO to $2500.
This donation made it possible for the
library to secure the services of Wil
liam P. Cutter, late of the Library of
Congress, for its new librarian.
In the year preceding the erection of
a $75,000 Carnegie library building the
Cedar Rapids. Iowa, Public Ltbrary
shows a marked advance. Some
changes have been made In the circu
lating department for readers of 14
years of age and over. No guarantor
is now required, only a satisfactory
reference. Neither is a limit placed
upon the number of non-fiction books
Issued to a patron. A trained children's
librarian is in charge of the children's
department, who, with* her assistants,
also has charge of the work with the
schools. A story hour has been estab
lished ln some evenings to draw the
boys from the streets and has been
eminently successful. At Christmas
time a story hour was given each aft
ernoon, attended by boys, ' girls and
older friends. A bird exhibit has been
made a continuous feature for the
year. Beginning with "early spring the
stuffed and mounted birds were
placed by seasons In a case, all labeled
with their common names. Not more
than ten birds were shown at a time
that the children might not be con
fused. This exhibit has proved re
markably attractive. The bird books
placed on top of the case were in con
stant demand.
Action has been taken under the gen
eral library law by the citizens of
Selma. Fresno County, In presenting a
petition to the city authorities for the
establishment of a public library.
FOLLOWS OUR EXAMPLE.
Nevada City obtains a site for Its
Carnegie $10,000 building by purchase of
land owned by the county. The lot has
ISO feet on Pine street fronting the
Court House, with a depth of over 70
feet. The price paid was $500.
The experiment of allowing books to
be ordered by telephone and delivered
at any horae for a fee of 5 cents is to be
tried by the Napa Public Library-
San Jose Public Library is to re
ceive the gift of an oil painting of Gen
eral U. S. Grant by Mrs. Brown of San
Jose.
State Librarian Glllis has Issued an
interesting pamphlet of 134 pages en
titled "Libraries' of Calif orniaL" The
description embraces the sixty-five
public circulating libraries which are
Euppdrted by taxation, the fifty mem
bership, technical and college libraries
in tha State, besides a full account of
the different departments of the State
Library. A score of beautiful illustra
tions of buildings give pleasing evi
dence of the growth of library interest
in California. The monograph was pr/
pared specially for use In the State
Library display at the St. Louis Ex
position.
ISSUES A PAMPHLET.
The oft raised question, "Do public
libraries help or hinder the sale of
books?" was discussed at a late meet
ing of the Booksellers' League of New
York City. Fifteen leading librarians
of the country gave their opinions,
which were practically unanimous.
It was shown that the libraries of
the country yearly purchase an Im
mense number of books,\that libraries
are great educators of readers and that
any institution which is constantly
bringing books to the attention of peo
ple must Increase the sales. Many per
sons first notice certain volumes at a
library. Librarians are frequently con
sulted concerning the choice of works
of literature, art, history and science
by those who buy 'for their own use
and for presents to friends, especially
at Christmas time. No opposing evi
dence was given from booksellers; on
the colltrary, a "leading bookseller was
quoted as saying that "the public
library helped him sell books."
Whfn Mrs. Herman Loetrecste'n.
with her daughter and a Mr. Brick.
xrhese Christian name is unknown to
the Coroner, returned from the theater
at 1^:20 a. m. yesterday, they found
Herman Loewenstein lying on the floor
cf his residence. 13S5 Geary street, un
conscious from morphine. He was re
moved to the Central Emergency Hot
r'-tal. wh»re he soon died.
Ixxewenst^in had been cashier for
3~:sch»r"s Theater \ij) to about a year
ego. since which time he had been out
t-Z employment..
On his person ax the hospital Tras
fn-jnd & letter, written ln German and
addressed to his sister, Mrs. Moskowitz
cf Berkeley. The following- Is a trans
lation:
Vy Dew GIrit xn-«a ycu TjA cst that I
hare, with By ems h*»a. er.SKl a c!k-»*!i«
'.'.». to net r*.k« It too much to heart. Nc.
:¦- ehovld be the crpo«;t*. A« you have always
t-<w=e rn« •>> much love, dear f ««r. ycu
t'.^'.i fe#! c:r;«r:^J :r, th» -Socrht that I
*: iaj* am r*::*ve<i from ti« hard Bit that
r'lt rs.9 down for rear*. You cirTt ticarire
hew I have »ufiT*r«l for nary year*. Noboiy
<aa tissfiae th» heartache* unier «-h!ch I bav»
»jTere4. I have tried by all c*a2« to over
rm« Try fate, but zr.y r:r*n»th e*»-ne<l to
*.v# cut aad I bai to *¦ ve up. I *<?;< <!eath
¦»<•;:! tr-iac in* *h» peac- for which I do so
r-urb Icr.r and xf-h I e*«lc Live happy. a:i
xr:> (Scar cues, ars'l ali * ho tioacht well of nie.
HEIUIAN.
The note was addressed 'To My
S;st*r. Mrs. SloskeirttS (nee Loewen-
Fte'.n), Berkeley, Cal."
Mrs. L^euenstein paid that her hus
band had be«a desrondent for a long
time, ard that she was ur.able to ac
coust for the fact that her husband
bad r.^t addressed the note to her, or
I -. en n-.entior.ed her in It.
Suicide Leaves for
His Sister in Berkeley
Explaining His Reasons
Virginia Follows Example
Set by California— Marked
Advance by Cedar Eapids
MISERABLE LIFE EXDS
Engineering parties have been sent
to the isthmus on several of the late
¦vessels sailing there from New York.
Senor Don Luis F. Corea, Minister
"We found evidences on the line of
the canaJ cTf a vast waste of energy.
Of course, much oC this was dv.e. lat
terly, to a lack of funds. It is an Im
mense enterprise, that can only be
prosecuted economically and expedi
tious!}- v.ith --ar-ita! practically unlim
ited. Jt must be undertaken in a large
¦way. Here we found laborers throw
in? dirt from the shovel Into cars,
¦which might be proper enough In. the
grading of a small railroad. We found
machinery lying along the way that
had not been used for fifteen years.
As its contract did not allow it
to quit work, or it could not afford
to wear the appearance of having
abandoned the project, the company
.vas simply putting In the time until
something should turn up either to
jrive it funds or take the job off
its hands.
CLIMATE NOT BAD.
"One of the things anticipated has
turned up. One of the things the com
mission discovered was that the cli
mate \ras not so bad as it has been
painted. We worked there very much
as v e would work in Washington — the
same hours and with about the same
energy. The humidity was not much
more trying than we have found It here
this spring. Of course, we did not re
main there long. As a regular thing
It might be different. However, when
the country Is drained and the mos
quitoes put to rout I think there can
be little complaint made as to
health conditions. This is the first
werk to be undertaken, and that
it can be accomplished in a compara
tively short time I have no doubt. It
will be the aim of the commission to
complete the big work with as small
sacriSca of life as may be possible.
"Now, as to the time to be consumed
and the 'method." continued Grunsky,
'"it is possible, of course, that the
heroic nature of the undertaking may
evolve new means — methods that are
not now anywhere employed. This has
been suggested, and, as I say. it is
possible that machinery more effective
than any we have seen may be intro
duced to speed the work and lessen the
time. Some men have already visited
the ground with the view of studying
the work to be done. I am in favor,
too, of granting contracts in such fig
ures as will warrant the contractors
in equipping themselves properly. A
big contract will offer an inspiration
to the right men. But I may say that
It will be a full year before we will be
ready to let contracts. There is much
to be done "before that. There is every
thing in knowing just what we are
going to do before we begin to do It.
The first real work of the commission
is to make certain of that. In the
meantime, of course, we can 'clean up'
the car.al rone and make the years of
labor there as healthful and comfort
able as possible."
ENGINEERS EV PANAMA.
v Speaking of conditions on the Isth
mus at present and of the lesser prob
lems involved. Grunsky said:
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON.
WASHINGTON. June 14. — Ten years
Is the minimum of the time limit
placed by the commission upon the
completion of the Isthmus otn&l —
"ten years at least" Is what they say.
The commissioners are hard at work In
their offices in the" Evening Star build
ing. They are formulating plant, pre
paring a system of bookkeeping and in
other ways compassing the prelimin
aries to the great work upon which
they have entered. They will make
another visit to the Isthmus In August.
During their last visit they spect two
weeks passing from ocean to ocean
along the line of the proposed canal
and insxfectlcg every part of it.
"We have taken over the system as
It was and the. work Is going on in the
same way as under the old company."
paid Commissioner Grunsky to-day.
"Our tour was one of inspection, to
discover the condition of things along
the line, to see what the property con-
Fisted of and in general to take ac
count cf stock. The old commissioners
reported upon a plan of cutting a
eanaL It is for us to profit by their
labor and to improve upon their plan
if we can. We have several definite
problems to solve incidental to the
main problem — that of the canal Itself.
To b« sure every one admits the canal
should be at sea level, ultimately.
Whether it should be undertaken with
that end at the start and. if not, the
next best plan, are things to be de
termined. To cut the isthmus to the
sea will, of course, mean many years
more than to build a system of locks.
In any case the canal will always have
a lock at sea level to meet the condi
tion of the tide, otherwise there would
be a miilrace through It all the time."
DESCRIBES CONDITIONS.
By S. XV. WALL
The somewhat astonishing exploits
of the little Jap against the big Slav
lend interest to the equally astonishing
explanation of a noted representative
of the former, now in this city, as to
how the brown men were dwarfed.
Hon. Masatomo Isoda, assistant com
missioner of Japan for the Government
of Formosa to the St. Louis Exposition,
called oi the President to-day. In an
interview afterward Isoda referred to
the fsequent use of the term "little" as
applied to his countrymen. He said It
had come to be applicable onlv since
the present generation, for formerly
the Japanese were of full stature with
other men and as stalwart. With the
revolution of 1S6S the Japanese under
took to forget their Oriental character
and limitations and to acquire the
knowledge of the Occident. They
turned to study with such concentra
tion and diligence and under such
handicapping circumstances that, while
they advanced to the front line of pro
gressive nations within the generation,
they also deteriorated physically with
in the same time to their present
stature. Isoda affects to believe it most
fortunate that a class of athletes and
professors of the jul-Jitsu survive to
teach their fellows the way back
whence they came. "As the nation has
awakened to its defect." he says, "and
as the Japanese never do anything
half-heartedly, he predicts that It will
be but a short time until we see them
measuring up with the rest of man
kind actually and physically just as
they have grown ln the general estima
tion since the breaking out of hos
tilities over there at Port Arthur. Xor
does Isoda so much as crack a smile
In this relation nor give any other
sign that he Is the Bill Nye of his
country.
The tariff Is to be an issue in ttiis
campaign, but any leanings toward a
reduction of the schedule or even to
the beneficent properties of reciprocity
and commercial unions will probably
be found Ln the Democratic platform
alone. What the Chicago convention
has to sav about it will hardlv be in
line with Mr. Hitt's resolution and this,
it is said, is why there is not so much
heard concerning him of late as the
man especially designed for the second
place on the ticket.
At first it was said that Roosevelt
•wanted a young man on the ticket
with him. And with this the names
of a dozen more or less prominent
men have been discussed hailing from
all over the Middle West. But the ex
planation as to why Hitt would not
do — or may not do — has been slow to
arrive. It appears now in a resolution
he introduced in the House in 18 99
having for its purpose commercial
union with Canada. The tariff ques
tion was under consideration at that
time and reciprocity was much in
vogue. The resolution was, a little
more advanced on that line than Mc-
Kinley had sanctioned in any public
utterance or than Dingley was known
to have.
Minister Corea says there is commer
cial and industrial activity in his coun
try almost unprecedented, and he at
tributes it largely to the elimination of
the canal from the consideration! of Its
people. The canal, he says, has *been a
will-o'-the-wisp, which worked harm
by distracting enterprise from t other
Selds. When the decision was made in
favor of Panama the Government
promptly and manfully turned to the
building of railroads as the next best
means of developing the resources of
the country. The result. Minister Corea
thinks, wta be even more beneficial than
would have been the building of the
canal.
When the name of Robert R. HItt
of Illinois was sent out some weeks ago
as a Vice Presidential probability it
was hailed as the end of a quandary.
Half a dozen good Republicans prop
erly located on the map had been
discussed before him, and all had
played diffident. They didn't want it.
But that very diffidence made them
less eligible, for the running mate for
Roosevelt must not want for ginger and
enthusiasm whatever else he may lack.
It was just after he had paid a visit
to the President that Hitt was asked
by a newspaper man what he thought
of the Vice Presidency as an office and
an honor, and he promptly declared
that he thought very well of It In both
regards. As Hitt stands well as a
statesman and high in the councils
and esteem of his party, this declara
tion was deemed as just about essen
tial to his nomination and election.
The fact that he had been visiting the
President before he allowed himself to
be quoted was taken, too, as a cer
tificate of Roosevelt's good will toward
him. But as the days have followed
one another it Is noticed that the
question as to the Vice Presidency is
raised again and repeated with a
growing frequency.
MAXY ASPIRANTS.
from Nicaragua, has Just arrived In
Washington after a <xvo months' visit
to his home and reports that the peo
ple of his country, so far from being
broken-hearted over the loss cf the ca
nal, are relieved to know that the busi
ness is settled, and have pone to work
to build railroads v.ith a vigor that
Is causins them to forget e\er having
negotiated for the watenraj*. They
contemplate, in the first instance, a
road across the isthmus, the surveys
for which are nearly completed. En
gineers have already sailed from New
York to begin building from Monkey
Point to Lake Nicaragua. There is *,
road already in operation from Corinto,
on the Pacific coast, to Granada. The
road ; will not entirely ¦ traverse the
Isthmus, but will be broken by an in
terval of fifty-two miles of boating on
Lake Nicaragua. The Government has
appropriated $3,000,000- for the work. A
railroad now in operation from La Paz,
in the west, to Jinotega ts to be extend
ed to Cape Graci*s. in the northeast
corner, which wlfl complete a second
crossing of the Isthmus ¦within the
boundaries of the state, this in a diag
onal direction.
NEVADA CITY HAS A SITE
Mrs. Herman Loewenstein
Returns From Theater to
Find Her Husband Dying
Panama Canal Commissioner Grunsky Describes
Obstacles That Will Have to Be Overcome Ere
Ditch Uniting Great Oceans Will Be Fmished
Interesting Question Is Dis
cussed at a Meeting of
Experts in New York City
DOWNCAST MAN
TAKES POISON
LIBRARIES HELP
TO SELL BOOKS
TEN YEARS AT LEAST WILL PASS
BEFORE WATERWAY IS COMPLETED
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', WEDNESDAY. JUNE .15, 1904.
ADVEBIISIMZNTi
SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE
REMOVED
v^ After 17 very successful
•** -ifWiHrHiiiiiM "* years in the Murphy Building,
'"^3p|g'|w||j||5pg!y we have taken larger quarters
' Cfi^iii^if ll§f; Wc are risht wherc the
~*~ ftwll Hi — — ~ business of the city is done.
1 !/ft& 1 *^*fc *** * '2=" Cur rooms are magnificent;
• 2ZJii jU z -i Slass partitions throughout
J; J-JgH aS3 aSjj^T^Fpp^i vrtth the woodwork finished in
/3L. J3 jgjj SSmS & ffi^jft 8L golden green, give a beautiful,
5 *r^^y^Tffi^-vV~*^=. soft, even light in every room.
* \-±\ "' " tt - Fast elevators, electric light,
scott * vah A&SOAX.E Bi»o, steam heat and every modern
723 ***** Street, b^ 34 «, 4th.
You will remember that this is the College which
has only expert bookkeepers and stenographers as teach-
ers, and which gets so many positions for graduates.
Come in and see our beautiful rooms whether you
expect to take a course or not.
San Francisco Business College
SCOTT & VAN ARSDALE BUILDING
738 MISSION STREET * Between 3d and 4th
ADVERTISEMENTS.
s-^C>&~) s^>. "Satisfaction" characterizes every transac- '
4-=O^^*X*^ s~\ tion made at the Store "on the Square." r SSEH£S9 r>
I I \ \ YOUR CREDIT IS GOOD. "Nul Ccd." HIM 7 !!!
ENAMEL BED. Heavy up- ¥ — • . % , , *?
right, gracefully curved «- __~*j™ g*£* . Dining ; Tablc-6 lect cxtcn- COBBiX!BS3:AT
lenvoven filling with -brass frame, upholstered S»on, solid oak, golden hnish. bocxss — so? j<^7££
rosettes, heavy angle iron side in figured velour. a r I-, w lerr* Kr»v ten Hicrhlx- tw»I solden fiaish. tamed
and end rails. An excep- neat and artistic ciaw legs, oox lop. nigni\ poi S p in aie». hrac-d arras.
tional value «T f OP deslg-n. *•- <-»« ished. rnce co >jr> t h o roughly ma -j «\
price.. ..: $4.85 $8.35 FrieV.^.SZ.IO
CARPETS | DRAPERY
An immense line of floor covering? of every grade! Nothing shows refinement or fa«te a5 quickly as dra-
and color. No scheme of decoration we cannot carry j peries. We are in a position to supply you with the best
out. This department is in 'the hands, of en «3tp^F^l ]^^J^^^^S!S!^£l l SSS P^ 3C '
whose vcars of experience ha* fitted him to select the RUFFLED BOBBINET CURTAINS-Lacs r cd 2 e
best and only the best the market affords. We show »nd insertion. 3 yard* long, tu!I width. C 1
a* van line at right prices Price per pair tpi.tJ
a *a,t line at rigtit pnees. SAyQY LAC£ CIJRTAINS _ Late>t in thc
CHINA MATTING— Good, fresh fiber. A -I *S t _ j ket: Corded edges: jHs yards long, full M 5K
variety of designs to select from. Price, per yd 1^2^ » width. Price, per pair »p£.&3
guarantee every point, ecocomjr. cor- &3i DO H/"fcTxm
I </*&&** •>> W sinrtinr. — baking qualities. W.- c!v a g * VV vlUVTll
Hf tK3k practical derr.or.straiion every afternoon fa m .
JBf ™ from two till five ln the Model Cottage. WA 5* Tx7PPk
yg Terms ¦ ** " vVIl
flgjgk^ _Tj[w^*iB«m iftffl n WMIW^f TTonwIrT unworn nm^i 'wiftiwJui ¦^jy^. ¦r^T
JSde^nMmionBo^rr^arrB
jfoj CANDY CATHARTIC II
If PREVENT ALL SUHMER BOWEL TROUBLES \\
W{\ . Undigested food in the hnman body will ferment a hundred tines as F; |
gipj quickly in summer as in winter. Consequence — stomach. Ever, bowels t~- j
poisoned, thrown out of order; soar stomach, gases, colic, diarrhoea. IvJ
pa dysentery, cholera, appendicitis,* and in some regions yellow fever and S3
fcgl tfie plague. Little children suffer terribly ».erywhefe. The proper U4
pr3 thing is to send all impure and unnecessary natter out of the body Ki
|g| everyday— not give it a chance to sour ia the stomach and bowels, fi -j
§|3| You will stop hot, feverish conditions and keep ycur irsuJes cool and j?y
jg3 healthy. To do it, use a medicine that is pleasant to the taste and cot 59
W*A harsh and violent in its action. The only safe system-cleaaer to take ? 1
Em in summer, because it will not cause diarrhoea or griping, is Cascarets. -^ j
j|| All druggists. 10c. 25c, 50c. Never sold in bulk. The gesuice tablet i; J
B8 stamped C.C.C. Guaranteed to cure or your money back. Sample asd | H
raL booJdet free. Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago cr New Yori. C3 JgfjSpecial Information supplied dally o
justness houses and public -men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main !•«*. *
Townsend's California Glace fruits U
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market »t*
"See here, my poor man," said Mrs.
Kindart, "I'd give you a nickel if I
wasn't afraid you'd get drunk on It. "
"Yer needn't be afraid, lady," re
plied Weary Willie. "I never expect
to have no such luck as dat." — Phila
delphia Press.
The German geographical paper
known as "Export" says • that there
are 7,642,650 Chinese living out of China
—or, !n other words, "as many as • the
total population of Sweden and Nor
way." According to Export's figures,
America has comparatively few Chi
nese, only 272,829, a few less than the
British island of Hongkong alone
boasts. Formosa has 2,600,000, but that
used to be Chinese, and they simply
haven't moved. Slam Is the "greatest
goal of actual immigration, having
2,500,000 Chinese, who have absorbed
pretty much all the active trade of
the country. In the Malay Peninsula,
also, 895,000 Chinese have nearly mo
nopolized trade under British rule.
The Sunda Isles have 600,000. ,- The
Philippines, where the Chinese are al
ready a problem, have only 80.000 of
them.
Like Ants..
Shooting Whales.
Two whaling stations have been
established In the British Isles, and
three more are to be. As a whaling
station costs (40,000, there must be
some evidence of a stock of whales
still In British waters. It seems only
a question of time, however, and no
very long time either, when these
mighty and harmless mammals shall
disappear altogether. Their "path Is
in the great deep," and theyjmanaged
to hold their own against the old class
of whajeshlps and harpoons thrown by
hand, but It must go hard with them
before, the modern fast whaling
steamer, armed with swivel guns for
the discharge of harpoons. It is only
since the Invention in 1866 of Foyn's
destructive bomb harpoon, an explo
sive projectile which bursts within the
carcass of the animal, that the Nor
wegian whalers have dared to attack
the formidable blaahval, Sibbald's ror-
IN CASE OF WAR— R. C. San Jose.
Cal. In case of war a foreign country
can draft Its absentees who owe mili
tary service who have located in the
United States and have become citizens
thereof, but It cannot come to this
country and take the subjects to force
them Into tbe army. If. however, such
as have not performed military duty in
the country where they owe such duty
should return there, they are liable to
be Impressed In the military service de
spite the fact that they have become
citizens of the United States. This
Government does not Interfere with the
keeping or enforcement of an obliga
tion which was In force before aliens
became citizens.
THE Board, of Supervisors of Shasta County ind
the Merchants' Club of Redding are working to
gether on a plan of some considerable extent, hav
ing in view the improvement of Shasta County on a
large scale. Streams that run through the county, in
cluding the Sacramento River, the Pitt River, the Old
Cow Creek arid Clear Creek, need new bridges, and it
is proposed to supply these. Shasta County is moun
tainous and requires good roads available, with the mini
mum amount of interruption, the entire year. Equally
are the roads engaging the attention of the Supervis
ors and the Merchants' Club.
It has been the proud boast of Redding that it is
the third interior shipping* point in California in vol
ume of shipping business moved, being a supply point
for the plant of the Mountain Copper, Company at Kes
wick} for the mines of Trinity County, for Bully Hili,
Kcnnett and other 'mining camps. It has grown, in a
comparatively few years, from a small community to a
city of leading importance in Northern California. This
is largely to be attributed to the back country that is
tributary "to it. >,
Redding has contributed to the prosperity of Shasta
County and -the county has been instrumental in the
growth of its local business center. From Redding a
system of roads radiates, along which, any summer day
—and on- winter days when any road in the country is
IMPROVING SHASTA / COUNTY.
The situation in the Far Eastern war has resolved
itself apparently into a puzzle or one of those diverting
searches for a missing personality. The world and the
Japanese are asking, "Where is Kuropatkin, the re
doubtable chieftain of the Czar's fighters?" He is as
elusive as a will-o'-the-wisp and as harmless as the angel
of peace.
THE NAKED BEAR— S., City.
"Hush! the naked bear will "get thee."
which appears In Longf elloWg "Hia
watha," refers to a threat to children.
According to an old Indian legend, the
naked bear was larger and more fero
cious than any of Its species. ,It was
quite naked, save and except one spot
on its back, where there was a tuft
of white hair. It was common to say
that the naked bear came around to
take away unruly children, for the
purpose of producing: the same effect
on children as saying, "Look out, here
comes the bogle man."
r Art and Matrimony.
An Interesting story is told by the
London correspondent for the New
Ycrk Herald. Recently a sale was had
of the art collection of the late C. H.
T. Hawkins. The Herald correspond
ent, referring to Mr. Hawkins, says:
"Though a great art connoisseur, he had
no idea of the effective arrangement
of his treasures. In fact, they were
distributed about his house in the most
haphazard fashion. Priceless antiques
were to be found In odd ocrners, while
masterpieces of painting stood stacked
on the floor or with their faces to the
wall. This disorder gave rise, some
years ago, to a curious Incident. In
hie domestic menage there came a time
when the overflow of the treasures
prompted Mr. Hawkins to suggest to
his wife that she should stay one night
at a. hotel in order to avoid the in
convenient want of space which a new
consignment, arriving that day, had
caused. She acted upon the sugges
tion, nor did she leave the hotel for*
the following sixteen years."
BECAUSE of the publicity given to railroad acci
dents and casualties at sea we all get in the habit
of thinking that they constitute a great majority
of the injuries suffered by people whose names figure
in the annual chapter of accidents. It happens that the
very general use of accident insurance furnishes the
means of getting accurate statistics that reveal the cause
of accidents. The president of one of the largest acci
dent insurance companies has given the statistics. ,By
these it appears that only 4 per cent of the accidents oc
cur on railroads and less than 1 per cent on steamships,
while nearly 25 per cent of accidents occur to pedes-"
trians, nearly 19 per cent indoors and at home and near
ly 16 per cent at home outdoors.
These latter classes of accidents do not reach great
publicity and are not taken into account by the readers
of newspapers. From these statistics it appears 'that
traveling on foot is more than six times as dangerous
as going by railroad and about twenty-five times
more dangerous that traveling on steamships. " A
man is more than four times safer on a train
than in his own house. The bicycle accidents
are about the same percentage as those on
railroad trains, and streetcar travel is nearly as danger
ous as that on steam trains. The accidents by horses
and vehicles are nearly 19 per cent, or moreJthan four
times in excess of those by rail. The natural horse is
more dangerous than the iron horse though there is
not as. much said about it. '
It would appear from the figures that if a man want to
be real safe and come- out sound he should live on a
railroad train in preference to staying at home, cither in
doors or out. Walking is the most dangerous of all
means getting around. There are people who will
not start on a railroad journey on Friday. So they go
on foot and suffer for it. Among the minor causes fire
arms and bites of animals are about the same, a fraction
over 1 per cent. Yet we would say, offhand, that gun
powder causes a much larger number of accidents than
any bites.
The subject, from the standpoint of the accident insur
ance companies, is very interesting to the public. The
fact that rail and steamship travel cause such a small
percentage of accidents will be reassuring to the timid
people who make a will before.. they buy a railroad
ticket or go down to the sea in ships.
A CHAPTER OF ACCIDENTS.
'Anszvcrs to Queries.
TYPE METAL— A. S.. City. Typ«
metal is composed of lead, antimony
and copper, about half and half of
the first two named and a very small
quantity of the latter. The composi
tion of type metal varies, however. It
13 sometimes made of lead and anti
mony alone, and the proportions ars
different for large and small type —
the small type containing a large
amount of antimony to make It harder.
Another "lifelong friend of Lincoln" has just died,
being the second in a week or so. What a boy Abe was
for making chums, and how they have lasted since his
birth, a century ago lacking five years!
The Night March.
A. G. Hales, the war correspondent
for the London Daily -News, sends
Irom Tokio to his paper a piece of
vivid descriptive writing which Is by
far the best that has come to print
during the present war. It follows:
"It was about. 8 of the clock when
the great sight began. The night had
come on with sudden darkness, not a
Ftar lit the black mantle that over
hurg the world, there was no moon
and the shadows cast by the dwellings
In the unlit streets were scarce darker
than the surrounding void. A mag
netic calm had fallen upon the capital
as if the j>eop!e were gathering them
selves together for one great patriotic
effort. Suddenly the scene was
changed. The tramp of armed men
rarur out upon the night. Short, 6harp
words of command, spoken, strangely
enough, in the English tongue, cut
through the clank of falling footsteps,
and then we knew that the Imperial
Guard was on its way to the forefront
of the war. Then the people poured
out of their homes as a river. In the
full of Its flood, pours over Its banks.
They came In rivulets; they came In
torrents; and from every throat went
up a shout of pride, a wild, shrill cry
of welcome and farewell, and through
the ever varying cadences of the.hu
man voices came the reverberating
tramp of warriors* feet, and still the
shadows lay upon the land.
"It was weird, that march In the
night, with the swelling: cheers waking
the echoes, the clank of arms,
shuffling footfalls of the populace, and
ever and anon a bugle's note. Then
once again the scene was changed, ten
thousand lanterns flashed Into view,
lanterns carried on bamboos by men
and lads and boys. Lanterns of every
size and shape; lanterns pure white
or blood red, lanterns gTeen and gold.
Lanterns round, square and oblong —
all carried high In the air above the
heads of the marching men, and as
the troorw passed on each doorway
opened wide, and every doorway sent
a man or boy. armed with a blazing
circle of flame, to swell the throng,
until the very air danced with a blaze
of beauty. Banners held aloft In
•women's hands sparkled in the gor
geous gleaming folds of light, until
the gazer's eye was dazzled by the
rainbow hues that had sprung Into be
ing from the very womb of ft e night.
It was a sight to be remembered when
the head grows gray, a sight that none
who saw it will forget, a eight no man
could merely imagine or imagination
invent. Far up above the blackness
lay unbroken, below the earth was
wrapped in shadows, while In between
the earth and eky a blaze of brilliance
lay. The lights shone down upon the
hard, brown faces of the Imperial
Guard and flashed from rifle barrels
Kit Carson's Rifle.
It 13 perhaps not known to all the
world that the rifle of Kit Carson, the
great Western hunter, 6cout and ex
plorer, Is carefully preserved and may
be seen by those who know its where
abouts. At the time of Kit Carson's
death he left his rifle to Montezuma
Lodge, A. F. and A. M., of Santa Fe.
New Mexico, in whose charge It has
remained ever since, an object of great
Interest and very highly prized by all
members of that society. Montezuma
Lodge is one of the oldest organiza
tions of that nature west of the Mis
souri River. It was organized so Ions
ago as 1S49, at which time the ancient
town of Santa Fe was just beginning
to take in 'cart the color of the west
ern-bound Anglo-Saxon civilization,
Fremont's first trip to the Rocky
Mountains was made In 1842. There
were few white men fn all that part
of the West at the time of the founding
of Montezuma Lodge, but Kit Carson
was one of these early members. To
his brothers of the society he left what
may have been one of his most cherish
ed possessions. — Field and Stream.
Perdicaris and Tangier.
The capture of Ion Perdicaris and
Cromwell Varley by the brigand, Rais
eouII. is a matter of more than ordin
ary and personal concern. Tangier is
within five days' journey from London.
It possesses so many natural and cli
matic advantages that its popularity
as a health resort was likely to in
crease more and more. Under the t lead
ership of Ion Perdicaris the European
residents had constituted themselves
into a sort of borough, elected a mu
nicipality and duly procoeded to Im
pose taxes on each other. They used
the money thus collected to build some
sewers, to pave some streets and, In
fact, to introduce sanitary improve
ments which rendered the place more
habitable. Therefore, more, visitors
came, land Increased In value and so
many new and European houses were
built that, had this continued, the pic
turesque character of the. place would
soon have been destroyed. Then peo
ple would cease to go to Tangier and
all this building would have proved
useless and a dead loss. But the Moors
rebelled. They did not, perhaps, great
ly object to the improvements made at
Tangier, particularly as, for the mo
ment, it brought in a golden harvest,
but they could not tolerate European
Ideas at the court of their own Sultan
and in the interior of the country.
Little by little the Sultan has lost his
authority and the crfuntry^has fallen
into a state of anarchy.
It is not probable that even Rais
souli and his wild men would willingly
do Perdicaris or Varley any bodily
Injury, but Perdicaris is not in good
health and at his age the rough ex
istence he will be forced to lead may
produce evil results. Perdicaris all his
life has been devoted to good deed3.
No one qould be more popular among
the Moslem Moors, whom he has de
fended over and over again from the
extortion ut Jew and Christian usur
ers, acting under the cover of the pro
tege system. It will go hard with
Raissouli and his tribe if they injure
him. To the European Perdicaris has
also been a constant friend and the
leader In all practical useful works.
It was Mrs. Perdicaris who organized
the soup kitchens when there was dan
ger of cholera, so that the want of
food should not prepare the way for
the outbreak of the disease. In all
public works that have contributed to
render Tangier clean and healthy, Per
dicaris was the principal initiator and
donor. The cause c-f public health had
in him its first and most useful cham
pion, while in regard to the cruel
abuses practiced under the protege
system he has been Instrumental In
bringing about reform.
'A Disgusted Ruler.
The administration by Prince George |
of Greece of the island of Crete as j
governor general, nominally subject to !
the Sultan, but in reality the appointee
of the great powers, and which was
inaugurated under the, most auspicious
circumstances five years ago, with
every prospect of success, has resulted
in a dismal failure, and it is probable
that ere long there will be another
Insurrection on the part of the
natives, this time not against the
Sultan, but against Prince George. In
fact, so unpopular has his rule become j
with the Christians, as well as with 1
the Turks, that a short time ago the
Mayor of Canea, which is the me- j
tropolis of the Island, and Professor
Jannaris, formerly professor of Greek
of the University of St. Andrew's, in
Scotland, and one of the leaders and
certainly the most respected of the
Christian residents of the Island,
were thrown Into prison by Prince
George for having addressed a petition
to the Greek Government entreating
that Prince George's brother, Nicholas,
who is married to the Grand Duchess
Helen of Russia, might take his place
as governor general of the, island.
When Prince George heard of this he
was furious and caused the Mayor and
the professor to be arrested and has
had them sentenced to two years' im
prisonment each for 'no other offense
than for sending this petition to
Athens.
The fact of the matter is that Prince
George, who is heartily sick of his en
forced residence on the island, which
he regards as ah exile, and where he
professes to be bored to death, is com
pletely under * the influence of his
Athenian secretary, M. Papadiamanto
poulos, a brother of King George's fa
vorite A. D. C. This man ! with the
phenomenally long name practically
controls the entire Cretan go'vernment
without any regard *o the much
vaunted and elaborately organized
council of the Prince, developing in
this fashion a rule far more autocratic
than that of any Turkish governor
general who ever directed the des
tinies of the island in the name of the
Sultan.
Crazicttes.
A callow youth with city ways
Came to a beelet's hive;
He poked his finger in to find
If beelets were alive.
They were!
A masher made eyes at a maid.
Then wondered if the other
Husky coming toward him was
The pretty maiden's brother.
It was!
A small boy found a rusty gun — '
The kind that isn't loaded —
He pulled the trigger Just to prove
It couldn't be exploded. "•
A farmer had a stubborn mule
Away down South in Macon;
He thought that if he'd twist its tall
The mule perhaps would waken.
It did'.
A lovely girl; a crowd of men:
A street where mud was eplashln';
Bhe hoped the men would never know
Her hose was in the fashion.
They knew! Q. H. R.
Gutta Percha- Scarce.
The last source of gutta percha de
veloped Is that In the Philippine Is
lands, but here the regions which pro
duce this material for the market are
confined to the islands of Mindanao
and Tawl-Tawi. The method of har
vesting used as present by the natives
consists in cutting down the large
trees, ringing the trunk, lopping off
the larger branches, and then catching
the milk as it flows out. This is very
wasteful, as but a small part of the
milk is secured. Fortunately, how
ever, this process pays only with large
trees, so that the smaller ones are not
destroyed. This method of harvesting
has been prohibited and rules provida
for tapping the trees, but these have
never been enforced. At the present
time the gutta percha trees have dis
appeared from the coast regions and
are along the large rivers.
The various governments with tropi
cal possessions In the East are study
ing the gutta percha and rubber situa
tion, with a view of determining proper
methods of propagation and harvest
ing.—Electrical Review.
ALEXANDER CRAW, the horticultural quar
antine officer at this port, is in demand in Ha
waii, where the planters want him to stop the in
sect ravages upon the cane plantations. He is offered a
five-year contract at $5000 per annum. Here his pay is
$2400 per year, with no certainty of tenure, as political
changes may at any time retire him from a post' in
which it is stated that he has saved millions to the fruit
growers of California. Our people must revise their
ideas of the compensation of the entomologists and
vegetable pathologists who stand guard over the in
terests of agriculture and horticulture in this country.
Some of our foreign critics have said recently that
while we have great activity of intellect we lack pro
fundity, and are not producing the deep students in
science that are the founders of things ! ,and the pro
moters of the real material progress of the world. Per
haps that is because such students must consider where
with they shall be fed and wherewithal they shall be
clothed. In the two lines of vegetable pathology and
entomology, the student, must depend upon public em
ployment, wherein his income is less than that of a
hodcarrier or stonecutter. But the fact that it is pub
lic employment causes its private beneficiaries to dis
miss all sense of obligation to increase the reward to a
figure commensurate with the vast importance of the
service rendered.
Japan took our best vegetable pathologist away from
us on a long contract at five times the pay given Kim
here in government employ, and now our best entomol
ogist is to be lured from us by a salary more than
double what we pay him. Even scientific men must
pay some prudent attention to their material interests.
They may be sure that when they die we will bury
them with gratifying ceremony and high ascription, and
perhaps erect to them a monument of perishable stone.
That is good as far as it goes, but it is nothing to the
opportunity to live decently, care for a family, and be
delivered from the daily torment of scheming to make
one dollar do the work of two dollars.
Mr. Craw should not leave his post here. The hor
ticulturists should see to it that he does not. In the
certainty of his tenure, and the sum of his compensa
tion, there should be encouragement for others to pre
pare to take his place, when he must give it up. One
mistake in the quarantine office, one day's neglect of
duty, may land here • some pest that will destroy the
fruit industry and all the canning and drying interests
that depend upon it, and work injury to the transporta
tion interests to which it supplies tonnage. The inter
ests at stake* are too great to take any risk.
OUR QUARANTINE OFFICE.
A Santa Cruz man was sentenced to af year's imprison
ment in San Quentin recently for stealing a mattress.
In these days when the necessaries of life are compara
tively easy to acquire by anybody with a will this seems
to be rather a stiff price to pay for a bed.
Touching the Duke.
Special Corr»ipon<iene«.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALU
E HENRIETTA STREET. COVENT
GARDEN. LONDON, June 1.—Al
though the land In the vicinity of
Floors Castle, which the Duke of Rox
burghe is now transforming into golf
links, forms part of his estate, it has
cost him $50,000 to acquire possession
of it for his own use. Sandy MacPher
pon, one of the Duke's Scotch tenants,
held the property in question en a
long lease and Sandy was not born
north of the Tweed for nothing. When
the Duke's agent called upon him with
the view to making some equitable ar
rangement for the relinquishment of
his lease the canny Scot perceived that
the opportunity of a lifetime had come
to him and grabbed it.
He named an exorbitant figure for
the transfer of his holding. The agent
did; his best to beat him down to some
thing approximating a reasonable fig
ure, but Sandy was obdurate. He had
read all about the Goelet millions and,
furthermore, as a golfer himself, knew
that his ten acres constituted the best
available ground for golf links on the
ducal estate. Also, that whatever the
Duke might be disposed to do In the
matter, his American wife would never
be satisfied with anything less than
the best. He finally told the agent
that he would se the -Duke in — well,
Jericho, before he would part with his
lease for a "baubee" less than the price
he had named. This message was con
veyed to the Duke, who, after express
ing some very emphatic and forcible
opinions concerning Sandy, yielded at
last to his terms. It was not the fork
ing out of the money that he minded so
much, for he knows that there is
plenty more where it came from, but
it was being victimized in such a fash
ion that made him feel sore. As he
expressed it. '"It Is very hard that one
cannot get possession of his own prop
erty at a decent price."
The Duke has been an enthusiastic
golfer for some years, but has never
attained to any high degree of profi
ciency in the game. Not long ago he
played with the Laird of Skibo over
the latter's private links, but it proved
to be a case of the old man beating
the boy, much to Mr. Carnegie's joy
and the Duke's chagrin. It was after
this the Duke decided that he would
have golf links of his own and model
them after those at Skibo. Meanwhile
he is taking lessons from a professional
at Berwick. When the links at Floors
Castle are ready he will take lessons
there from the celebrated Ben Sayer,
who has coached some of the most dis
tinguished amateur golfers in the coun
try, including Mr. Balfour, the Prime
Minister.
qual. or blue whale. Even with this
armament the pursuit of the mos:
gigantic animal in the world is far
from being without danger. Talk of
big game shooting! What yarn can
the most experienced shikari spin
equal to one communicated by Thoma3
Southwell to the current quarterly
number of "The Annals of Scottish
Natural History": "A blue whale, har
pooned by a Newfoundland whaler in
Placentia Bay in March, 1903, not be
ing struck In a vital part, towed th*»
steam whaler Puma a distance of 122
miles, the screw being reversed at full
speed the whole time, and not until
twenty-six hours had elapsed was it
exhausted and killed." — New Torlc
Tribune.
Gratuitous Assistance.
"No, nor you ain't man enough to
put me off,- neither."
The truculent Individual on the end
seat of the car hoisted his shoulders
and squared off at the conductor. The
man in the uniform pulled the bell
rope for the motorman and began to
reach under his seat for the switch
bar when the truculent individual
sprang, upon his back and began to
rain blows upon him. Just as the mo
torman started back to assist his fel
low operator somebody started the
car going from the front and he had
to race back to control it. It began
to look bad for the conductor.
Just then a man who had been
lounging on the opposite seat, appar
ently asleep roused himself. He stood
up, stretched his arms with a slight
yawn and then reached over and.
grabbing the conductor's antagonist
by the scruff of the neck, ha lifted him
off the car. The unknown champion
followed after swiftly, delivering a
strong right hook on the jaw of his
victim as he reached the ground. Then
he proceeded to "wade into him." Be
fore a half minute was up the trucu
lent individual looked like a sea bis
cuit out of a shipwreck.
I The conductor rang the bell as the
signal for his ally to get on the car.
That powerful individual reluctantly
left his task with a final short jab to
the ribs and swung himself to the car
rail.
"I'm much ©bilged— " began the
conductor. •. " .
"Aw, say, dat's a' right. But wat
.wuz de scrap about, anyhow?"
carried proudly by men called forth
to battle for a nation's honor.
"The lights gleam ruddily on bold,
unflinching eyes and faces fixed in the
stern lines which duty carves and hon
or, glorifies; and as my eyes ranged
over that glittering mass, made up of
men and women, and warm, strong
colored things, nothing looked to me
so grand, so strong, so noble, as the
proud, calm faces of the Imperial
Guard fixed like flint
"Now the dense mass grows denser.
From every alleyway and lane, from
every street and high road, the people
poured with lanterns held aloft, a
dozen feet above their heads^ Then
some one broke Into song. A swift rush
of voices followed, as wave follows
wave upon the coast. Women and
children sang, men danced and tossed
their lanterns high, boys clapped their
hands and sent shrill treble sounds far
out into the night. And yet above It
all, above the babel, of sound, , above
the cheering and the song, came the
stern, strong tread of the men who
were marching to victory or death.
"They swing along with the meas
ured stride of men who knew \yhat
marching meant, each man wrapped in
his heavy jet-black overcoat, his knap
sack on his back, his bayonet by his
side, his rifle on his shoulder, the yel
low facings | showing on each front.
Steadily they moved amid that storm
ing, swaying, fire-girt multitude until
they reached the railway station.
Then, as if each soldier were part and
parcel of a machine, they passed along
the platform into their places. There
was no hurry, no confusion, no shout
ing, no storming, just a low »vord of
command at intervals, and prompt,
unquestioning obedience, and every
seat was filled by the man appointed
to fill it; and in a moment, without a
hitch or a blunder, the troops that were
the pride of the capital flashed out
into the night to cross steel with the
gray-clad men from the far-off North,
while the women were left behind to
weep and to work, to watch and to
wait, as women must when war is loose
in the land."
THE reported mining combination to be made by
Mr. Rockefeller takes on much, interest in view of
the financial legislation of the world. Charles
A. Conant, who was the secretary of the Monetary Com
mission appointed by the executive committee of the
Indianapolis Monetary Convention, has just issued a
monograph on the "Evolution of the Gold Standard"
which is of historic value.
The Monetary Convention of 1867, called by France,
in which nineteen nations were represented, declared
for the gold standard with only the dissenting vote of
Holland. The delegate of that kingdom explained that
he differed only on the issue of the time which each na
tion should judge to be necessary for effecting' the
change. The evolution of the standard was on the line
of natural selection. . Cattle were once the standard of
value, and from the word "pecus," cattle, we get "pecu
lium," the Latin term for private property, "peculate" to
steal such property, and "pecunia"* money, and its Eng
lish forms, "pecunius," full of money, and "impecunius,"
without money. From its Spanish form, "pecos," we get
the name of the Texas river and valley, where cattle
ranged.
•The next step was the adoption of iron as the stand
ard,, and that was followed by copper, the money of
Rome. Hence, we have "aestimara," "to value," from
"as," the word for copper, preserved in our English
form "estimate." The extension of Roman conquests
brought in- silver, which succeeded copper and was long
the standard. That period is preseryed in the French
word "afgent," silver, one of the terms for money. Gold
followed silver, and has long been the actual standard
of value by natural selection.
There is no evidence that control of production of
either of these standards has ever affected its quantity
or use. Money is of value to its owner only in exchange,
and that exchange puts it within reach and in the pos
sible possession of any who have anything to exchange
for it. The standard will never go backward. A prop
osition to reverse the order and go back from "oro"
to "argent," "as" and "ferrum" to "pecus" again, would
find no advocates in the commercial world.
The discussion is- likely to be renewed again, for the
report of Rockefeller's intentions will no doubt cause
the unsound money advocates to. raise the wraith of a
gold corner to support a contention for the overthrow
of the establiihed standard. Such a course will natur
ally fall in line with the use made by the same people
of the industrial combinations to assault a protective
trriff. The elements are present in the economic situa
tion to renew the assault of 1890 on the tariff and the
su.ndard of value. If that be done it will require the
greatest firmness and intelligence and the most enlight
ened use of reason to prevent some form of panic dur
ii f the campaign.
All expert observers foresaw that the great expansion
of trade that began in 1897 would be followed by a re
action. That reaction is in progress now. Let alone, it is
r.riluial and wholesome. : But if jackdawed about in poli
tics and croaked about on the stump and in platforms,
it may be quickened into a panic. If the Democratic
party have at heart the best interests of the country, its
National Convention should frankly indorse the gold,
standard legislation of 1890. . It had leaders in the past
who were capable of this. That party got off on the
wrong foot in the Civil War. , It lost the confidence of
the country thereby. It continued in opposition to
measures, military and civil, for the restoration of the
Union, and promised to be an irreconcilable force, like
the English non-jurors who refused to accept the action
of the convention of 1688 in giving the crown to William
III.
The man most responsible for this attitude of the
Democracy was Vallandigham of Ohio. He was a for
cible character. His ancestors had bled on the Belgian
plains in the battle of the Golden Spur. He was the
victim of military banishment during the war, escaped
over the lines and made a dramatic appearance at the
Democratic National Convention in Chicago in 1864. and
wrote the peace-at-any-price platform on which
McClellan was nominated. He seemed the least likely
of any man to accept what others saw to be inevitable.
Yet he lived to write the Dayton platform, without re
serve accepting the whole results of the war, the re
stored Union, the abolition of slavery and all.
His position in the party is now held by Mr. Bryan.
If that gentleman would move in the St. Louis conven
tion to accept the gold standard, declare for its neces
sary collateral, the flexible banking system and expan
sion of currency to meet the fluctuating necessities of
credit and abandon his past theories, he would relieve
the Republican party of the burden of sustaining alone
the public and private credit of the country, and would
clear the field for discussion of other subjects in the
year's campaign. Will he do it?
passable — there may be seen a multitude of vehicles,
piloted by skillful teamsters, en route with freight of
all kinds. Towns and hamlets many miles distant await
the arrival of the teamsters and the wares that are in
their charge.' Prompt and certain communication de
pends on keeping up the condition of the country roads
and the safety of bridges that span large streams. The
people of at least two counties — Shasta and Trinity —
are directly interested in having the facilities for travel
as good as they can be made.
In addition to the bridge and road programme the
Shasta County people are also concerned in providing
themselves with a hall of records, to stand in Redding.
Every Grand Jury in Shasta County has recommended,
during a series of years, that such a building 'be pro
vided. A bond issue is now proposed to raise the
necessary money for the several improvements that are
recommended. The Redding Free Press, says that the
prospect is good for putting Shasta County "on a foot
ing with other prosperous and progressive counties of
California."
THE MONEY STANDARD.
THE SAN FRA^CISGQ/ CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . ....... Address AH Commentations to JOHN McNAUGHTTfflanager
. Publication Office . .Third and Market Streets, S. F.
WEDNESDAY . . . . • . > . . . .' . • • • - '• ...:.....;. JUNE 15, 1904
THE :SAN FRANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 15. 1904.
8
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESFavors Purchase of Sterilizer.
The Health Board yesterday recom
mended to the Board of Supervisors
that a portable sterilizer be purchased
from the San Francisco Iron Works
at a cost not to exceed $2650. The ap
paratus has a disinfecting chamber
one-third larger in capacity than any
other, weighs 41 per cent less, and as
CARROLL COOK SUED.— Au»ust "Welhe
yesterday brouKht suit against Carroll Cook
to recover $H13 alleged to be due on a prom
i-i±r.rv not*. tocsthAr witiv costj «wi< interest.
The State of- Maine Association of
California held its annual meeting for
the election of officers at Loring Hall.
Oakland, last Saturday evening. The
reports showed that the recent picnic
and reunion had been a success and
that the* association concludes its
twenty-sixth year with a good sum In
Its treasury. Resolutions upon the
death of N. W. Spaulding, the first
president of the association, were
passed by a rising vote. The matter
of holding monthly socials is being
considered by a special committee ap
pointed for that purpose. Following
are the new officers of the association:
President. Henry L. Corson of Onkland: first
vice president. Edwla H. Black of Saa Praa
cisco; second rice president, F. W. Durgin of
Berkeley; secretary. W. H. Waarff; assistant
e«cret-iry. F. L. Wharff. bota of Berkeley;
treasurer. L. D. Brown of Oakland; executive
committee, J. W. JackSGn ot Alameda, S. W.
Wood of Saa Francisco. F. B. Moultoa of
Eerkeley. M. A. O. Smith of Berkeley. L. W.
McLau»hlin of Alameda, Mrs. H. J. Shorey of
Oakland. Mr*. S_ H. Parsons of Oakland, Mrs.
H. A. Randlett of Emeryville. Mrs. C. A.
Hager of Berkeley, Mrs. S. A. Bell of Oakland.
Maine Society Holds Meeting.
The dispute between B. J. Bran and
S. Barnett over the Great Dane dogr.
"Jumbo," ¦which began at the last
bench show, had its sequel yesterday
In the trial of Brun's suit before Jus
tice of the Peace Lawson. Brun sued
for possession of the dog or its value
of $100. "Jumbo" was the winner of
the blue ribbon at the bench show and
was taken from there on a search
warrant. The Police Judge who tried
the case then was unable to decide
who was the owner of the dog and
the civil suit resulted.
Brun testified that the dog had been
stolen from him in September. 1903,
and that he was surprised to find the
animal In Baxnetfs kennels at the
Mechanics' Pavilion. Brun proved by
four witnesses that he had • once
o-wned the dog, they Identifying him
by the cut of his ears and marks on
his paws. Barnett said he had bought
the dog on December 29 last for 52 50
from a man who has since disap
peared. Judge Lawson took the mat
ter under advisement.
B. J. Bran AHeees the Animal Was
Stolen, but S. Bamett Says He
Bought Him.
SUES FOR POSSESSION*
OF A GREAT DANE
Margaret lloran, 19 months old,
was poisoned by eating six pills at her
parents' residence. 324 Shorwell street.
The pills contained belladonna and
strychnine and fca.d been prescribed
fcr the child's uncle, a police oScer
named Comic McGorthey. .They
were in his rocra and the child In her
wanderings fonnd the box and arwral
13-wed «tx cf them. A doctor was
called, bet he waa powerless to save
the baby.
Child Poisoned by Pin?.
EleowTsey. Boy McDrcaJd. Arthur Ols^a. H.
W. Palsier. Herbert Roth. Joseph Rolph. Olaf
Fkaviaa. W. Z. Smith. Peter Soo Hoo, Robert
We'j.
C. "BT. Coey. Walter OatBa, F. W. Dcrr, Oliver
rviwdell. L*o Graff. G#crse Klein. G-orre Mc-
Lucie Crarryckl. Sophie Cxamecki. Be«s!e
L. Glover. Kenny C Jchssca. Ir»rne M. L*»»cr,
Esther McCai!. Ccratance Steer. Maricn Taver
t.*t. X"iTi«-.ce Crry, Beatrice White. George F.
Aafctey. Fred Borshaiser. Juiltu Bergiiausfcr.
Trie graduates of the Polytechnic
Higii School, B^sh arid Stockton
£treet3, received their diplomas *rora
W. N. Bush, principal of the school,
and have said farewelL FoUotcing in
fcnrral exercises th» parchnrenta -were
given to the following jpra.du.aies:
Students of the Hish School Receive
Diplomas and Say
Good- By.
POLYTECTIXIC SENDS
FORTH ITS GRADUATES
The resources and liabilities of the
seventy-seven interior savings banks
are as follows:
Resources — Bank premises. $S39.00<r01: other
roal estate, $1,723,723 30; Invest?.! In stocks,
bonds and warrants. $W. 077, 1*0 95; loans on
real estate, $42. 62^,350 C9; loans on stocks,
bi-nds and warrants, $2,177,337 03: loans on
Other securities. $M1.130 3.T; loans on personal
swurlty, $1,713,594 60; money on hand. $1.-
T:):S.;)11 64; due from banks and bankers, $7,
"71 316 46- other assets, $629,608 70; total re
sources. $74.S0R,519 63.
Liabilities — Capital paid up. J5.04D.2S3 90;
reserve fund and profit and loss, $2,712,573 44;
due depositors, $«rt,C»4.64rt 24; due to banks
and bankers $73,334 C3; State, county or city
money, $43,000; other liabilities, $7»7. ($73 00;
total liabilities. J74.SC5.513 63.
Secretary Cal Ewing of the Bank
Commission reports that the board
has found the general aspect of the
banking business in California to be
highly satisfactory. The financial
condition of all the 345 State, private,
commercial and savings banks based
on the returns of May 3 is reported to
be as follows:
Resources — Bank premises. $S,506,512 09;
other real estate. $11.3'J7.24!> 80; Invested in
stocks, benda and warrants. J107.279.3U S3;
leans oa real estate. $150,373,020 IS: loans on
stocks, bonds and -warrants. $37.516. 4tS(i 48;
loans on other securities. $12,504,540 63; loans
<m personal security, $64,212,079 Ul; money on
hand, S2O.365.1'57 03; due from banks and
bankers. 116,137.678 47; other assets.
St55 SH; total resources, J4«J,.'J62,81t 4S.
Liabilities^ — Capital paid up, S~l8,«Kl.0flO 38:
reserve fund and profit anil loss, l41,fi<J7,lS3 02;
duo depesitors. KKE.a38.2SJ 01; due to banks
and bankers, J13.2iW.421 7S; State, county cr
city money JS73.101 52; oth<?r liabilities. J7,
4*6:S17 27- total liabilities, S4<53,3(52,S14 4.9.
State, Private, Commercial and
Savings Institution.-.
Report on Financial Condition of All
Valuable gate and game prizes have
been donated to the prize committee
for distribution. There will also be
prizes for jig and reel dancing, for
the most popular woman and man and
for the handsomest baby under two
years of age on the grounds. The fol
lowing committees have the arrange
ments in charge:
Executive committee — Chairman, T. B Sl«!v-
In; vice chairman, D. F. Keefe; secr-tary,
Thcmaj Mag-uire; treasurer, Patrick Biggins
honorary chairmen. Revs. P. S. Casey' William
Lande. P. J. Smyth aad M. Mackey. Groan.Ja
and transportation— P. J. Curtis. R. J. Welch.
P. A. Byrne, Dr. Ke*nan. Press and cuS-
Hcity— T. R. Curtis. P. J. Ha**erty, J V.
Rocney, J. K. Behan, Stanislaus Riley. Music
committee — J. C. CDonnell, Martin Welch, W.
B. Koesel, E. J. CRourke, Peter Tamony. Dr.
H. Lagan. Ji* and reef danc:n< — John Kenny!
Gnmes committee — Colonel J. E. Power, Broth
er Vivian L. C. Cull, D. Flaneran. James F.
Gallagher. J. A. Wajner, John O'Brien. Pat
rick Ash. Jaicea Burke, James J. O'Brien. J.
Roiiers, Jchn Kane, T. J. Foley. D. Courn<>«!3.
Thomas Doyic, H. Warii, F. Hughes. Prizes
committee — 51. D. Riordan, A. Brincatt M
J. Hurley. L. C. Cull. W. Doyl-. J. Kenney,
Dr. Ke«nan, Misa L. MagTiir-*. Mrs. J. Burke.
E4war4 Flti^a-trlck. Mis» Bannas. J. W. But
terwerth. Miss Helen Gltnden. Daniel Reardon,
Ben Hanlon, W. D. Hughes, J. T. Pierce,
J. J. Donovan, Miss Coi?gln, Mrs. O'Brien,
Miss J. SulllTan, W. Hughes, James Con way,
Mrs. Murphy, Mis3 Drlsccll, Miss Rlley. Pa
vilion commlttee^ — M. I* Welch, James Ryan,
Omar Doyle, J. E. Welch. Misses Fltzpatrtck,
Hagryerty and Driscoll. Dr. U?an, J. E.
Behan, Ed Kennaallz. D- J. Wren. W. Foster,
James P. Mallon. Ticket committee — T. R.
Curtis. E. J. CRourke. WlHlanx W. GrtftSn, E.
D. Sulilvan. William Doyle. Reception com
mittee—R. T. Browne. Richard Curtis, James
Dutler. Leo Bagala. David Gogrfn, James
Doughertj, Phil O'Donnell. I>. Gannon. P.
Cleary, Thomas Kavanaugh, Hush McCabe.
Thomas Bannon, Frank Splalne, Richard
Cclilna. L. O'ConneU, John McCarthy. Maurice
Barrett, Joseph F. Hughes. P. H. Pierce,
Thomas Doyle, J. D. Kenneally, George Craw
ford. William Kline, Jonathan Ryan. James
P. Slevln. G«orge J. Cleary, T. G. M*gulr«,
William Keyea. Frank Doyle, Thomas Cuslck,
A. J. Martin, P. Gibbons. J. Twohlg, M. Mc-
Conr.ack. W. Gcggln. F. P. Foster, James
P. Malloo. M. J. Welch, Patrick McCann. Phil
Ba&non. John C. Callashan, P. D. Sullivan,
P. Keenan. George Merrill,- Dr. Charles F.
Griffln, W. E. Fennessey, James Gaug-hraa.
The twenty-seventh annual reunion
and outing of St. Peter's parishioners
and their friends at Sunset Park. San
ta Cruz Mountains, will take place to
morrow. An attendance of 4000 is ex
pected. The trains leave Third and
Townsend streets at 3:10 a. m. and
Twenty-second and Harrison streets at
9:15. A band of music has been en
gaged and there will be special music
for old country dances.
Sunset Park the Objective Point of
Their Reunion and Outing
To-Morrow.
BAXKS OF CALIFORNX\
ARE VERY PROSPEROUS
ST. PETER'S PARISraOVERS
WILL GO PICNICKING
As a last plea Mr. Kellogg said that
if the injunction was denied it would
mean that the company would be con
demned before it had been tried.
This morning the application of the
Contra Costa Water Company for an
Injunction against the city of Oakland
will be heard on the same plea as the
case Just submitted by the Spring Val
ley company.
The cost of supplying water in the
Eastern cities and in San Francisco
was ccmoared and the climate and
ether differences were explained. One
reservoir of the company would be suf
ficient in the East to supply a city ten
times the size of this, but here many
are needed, but the difference was not
considered by the board when it figur
ed en the company's property. All the
company asks for is Just compensa
tion, and that the proposed rate would
not srtve.
Mr. Kellogg lamented the fact that
all the wisdom exercised by the com
pany for the improvement of the water
supply had been turned against them
and resulted in a detrimental public
estimate of the holdings of the com
pany.
Mr. Partridge claimed that the com
plaint cf the company was an implied
threat to shut off the water from the
city unless the rates established in
1302 were allowed to etand. He be
lieved the court should take that fact
into consideration as an issue wherein
the community was under stress.
All cf the points presented by the
company through affidavits and by the
law cited by Mr. Kellogg were gone
ever and Mr. Partridge asked that the
injunction be not issued.
Mr. Kellogg contended that the mon
ey involved and the ultimate results
required an answer by the city, wftich
had not been given and, further, the
injunction prayed for should be grant
ed. The affidavits presented by tha
city were criticized as unreliable, while
these furnished by the company were
from men who were In daily touch
'.%ith the business affairs of th? com
pany and knew whereof they fpoke.
In the matter of revenue, he sa!d the
company would not be eatteilel with
an income of five per cent on its in
vestment, as figured by the Boar I of
Supervisors, for that would practically
put the company out of business. The
company is entitled to as much pro
tection as any individual, but under
the rate prepared by the Beard of Su
pervisors it would not get It.
LA3IENTS PUBLIC FEELLN'G.
At the morning session Assistant
City Attorney Partridge continued his
argument. He contended that the peo
ple of San Francisco rather than the
Supervisors were the real defendants
in the case. The history of the Spring
Valley company had been ens long
series of attacks upon the statutes of
the State and particularly upon the
ordinances cf San. Francisco, hence the
application for the injunction should
be considered with that fact in view.
COMPLAINT IS THREAT.
Final argument in. -the case close^
yesterday afternoon when Attorney
Kellogg, for the company, made the
last address. The court stated that the
case would be taken under advisement
and an effort would be made to ren
der a decision at least two days prior
to the going into effect of the ordi
nance regulating water rates. Mr. Kel
logg requested the court to fix the date
cf handing down the opinion so as to
give the company ample time to fur
nish bonds, in the event of the injunc
tion being granted. The court said
that would be done.
A few days before July 1 Judge Gil
bert of the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals will hand down his deci
sion regarding the application of the
Spring Valley Water Company for an
interlocutory injunction to restrain the
city and county of San Francisco fremi
enforcing the water rates adopted by
the Board cf Supervisors for the year
beginning July L
Al—oet the whole cf yesterday in the
Eppirper case was occupied with ar
g-umert regarding the admiasibUity cf
data contained in one book. The argu
ment tegan before the noca adjourn
ment and. as it seemed endless, the
court excused the jurors for the after
noon session. Authorities were Quoted
freely. The court reserved its decision
ustU this Ecmirg.
The adrr.lgsicn cf this disputed evi
dence is strongly desired by the prcae
cutlcn. The bock in question Is a rec
ord cf the report of the deputy grain
inspectors made menth by month to
the chief Inspector showing the quan
tity of grain In the warehouse at
Crockett. The defense contends that
££ this statement is merely a copy
n-.ade by a second party the witness
who znade th? crigir.al may net be al
lowed to- refresh his memory from it.
The prosecution en the ether hand
holds that such & reccrd is as authen
tic as a typewritten transcript cf a
shorthand reporter's notes.
Henry C. Bunker, chief grain exam
iner fcrr^the Merchants' Exchange, was
<:n the s'tard again yesterday morning.
He was asked as to the custom cf
warehousemen regarding receipts after
:~e grain had been delivered, but could
r.ot tell what became cf the receipts.
They should be canceled, he said. The
question was put to him in various
i~Tzr.s, but *,'.* answer remained un
changed.
Charles A. Gee was next called. It
oraj during his examination the ques
tion ef admitting the table prepared
by Bunker arose. Goe testified that he
had been employed for several years
as a deputy grain inspector and was
familiar with the warehouses at Crock
ett. He inspected wheat Tn the ware
houses almost daily, but could net tell
of the conditions existing en any par
ticular day without referring to the
tabulated statement made out by his
chief. Bunker.
During the afrerriocii the old ques
- - regarding the 'whereabouts cf the
warehouse books again bobbed tz^ and
was as usual the cause of a tilt be
tween opposing counsel. Campbell di
rectly accused Ach cf having had ac
cess to- the bocks. To this Ach re
tcrte-i spiritedly that he had net.
"Well, at any rate," said CampbelL
"the defense has seen the books and
knows where they are."
"Well, if we do, we never mad* any
threats to send any cse to Jail en
them." was the retort.
".Neither did I." promptly interjected
District Attorney Byington.
This dosed the incident cf the grain
bocks for the time and the court an
nounced that an opinion on the ques
tion at issue would be rendered this
morning.
T. J. Kirk, R. J. Taussig, J. A- Britton.
John E. Budd. F. W. Dohnnann. Guy C. Earl.
C. N. Elllnwood. J. W. McKlnley. C. W.
Slack, James A. Waymtre.
At the conclusion of the business of
the day the Regents decided to adjourn
until August next. The Regents pres
ent were:
It was announced that Assistant Professor
Arnold Valentine Stubenrauch has declined an
Invitation to the service of the Bureau of Plant
Introduction of the United States Department
cf Agriculture. He will remain In charjre of
the agricultural experiment stations of the uni
versity.
Harry O. Wood of Harvard University was
api>otnted lrfitructor In mineralogy and geol
ogy, and Miss Lucy Sprague assistant in Eng
lish. Keivia Burns vas appointed assistant in
the Lick Observatory on the Carnegie Institu
tion foundation. Frederic E. Brasch was ap
pointed computer in the Lick Observatory on
the Carnegie Institution foundation.
Robert Dupcuey, who recently visited the
University of California aa Hyde lecturer for
1904. was appointed Instructor In French;
Samuel Fcrtler was reappolnted assistant pro
fessor of Irrigation. Dr. Harry Eveostt Aider
sen was appointed professor of art anatomy
in the schooi cf design. Dr. C. M. Hering. a
graduate of the Veterinary School of Cornell
University, was appointed instructor in veter
inary science and bacteriology. A considerable
siiar» of his time will be devoted to farmers'
institute work.
ring with the teachers and trustees. During
the second half year he will offer Instruction
in physiography In Berkeley. He holds the
degree of master of science from the Univer
sity of California, . and of bachelor cf arts
from Stanford.
H&vicg been advised by my physician to
take a. rest several months abroad, I hereby
make application for a leave of absence from
the meetings cf ycur HoCorabie Buard until
May 1, 1303. Tours very truly.
PHOEBE A. HEARST.
Hotel Xetneriaad, New York, May ltf, 1304.
The Resents at once granted the
leave asked for.
The finance committee announced
that it will submit a name for the
position of secretary at the meeting
to be held in the month of August.
The following business was trans
acted:
Ruli!? S. Holway was appointed assistant
professor of physical geography, in the de
partment of geography. This position baa
t -rr. established large iy with, the aim. o* aid
ing the high schools of California and of
advising them in the development of instruc
tion la a subject recently added to the high
school curriculum — physiography. Professor
Holway will spend the first half of next year
In visiting the schools of the State, studying
their physiographic environment, and confer-
There was a meeting of the Regents
cf the University of California at Mark
Hopkins Institute yesterday. Regent
Guy C. Earl in the chair. The follow
ing letter was read from Mrs. Phoebe
Hearst askinz leave of absence from
the board's meetings:
To the Honorable Board of the University of
California.
Fill Some Important Posts
and Permanent Secretary
Will Be Chosen by August
Time to Be Allowed Cor
poration for Filing of
Bond if Plea Is Granted
Question of Disappearance
of Grain Books Causes a
Tilt Between the Lawyers
APPOINTMENTS MADE
DECISION IS WITHHELD
ARGUMENT IS CLOSED
Jacob Eppinger's Attorneys
Deny Right of Witness
to Refresh His 3Iemory
Spring Valley Company's
Application for an In
junction Is on for Decision
Regents of University of
California Accede to Wish
for Absence Till Next May
ASK EXCLUSION
OF DOCUMENTS
WATER RATES
AWAIT COURT
GRANT LEAVE
TO MRS. HEARST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 15, 1904.
the construction will be by local man
ufacturers it will be under the per
sonal supervision of the board. The
Public Health Commission urgently
requests the immediate installation of
the sterilizers
9
GBAPE-BTJTS.
Two Classes
of
Fair
Women
Some axe tzlr because they happen so.
others attain the clear, rosy complex-
Ion, soft skin, clear eyes, easy grace-
ful carriage to their healthful bo<iies
because they are careful •what those
bodies are made of. in other words,
they select food that will nocriah.
They don't eat "everythts* that comes
alons."
Every Trcinan ihotild read the little
book in each :k;. of
Grape-
for "The Road to Wellvtlle" la the
road to healthful beauty.
"There's a Reason.** -
Foi Infants and Children.
lbs Kind Yon Have Always Bought
Beaxs the Sjjf V/f^-s J^"*
CASTOR I A
A2rusE3LE2rra.
LAST WEEK — RSMSM3SH THI3.
SOON TOITL1. MIS3
XJ. S.
Th*t Awfally Funny Burieaqo*.
Have You Seea Thea« Artlat»T
NO?
"Well." Come, Laa«h With EDNA ACOL
GARRITY SISTER3 TORKE and ADAW3.
AL FIELDS. EDWIN CLARK. BEN DILLON.
ROT ALTON, and a Cfcorna of 40.
Licfiel Lawrence' » "3 Raitura Glrla."
rrrrriT.
Seats now on sale fnr rtfcxt Monday Biz**.
FIRST TIME\H2rRE.
-THX KOSaCOXS"— .
A Hl^xioualy Funny Burleaqa*.
Fined t3 thg Eria Wlta New Tstaga.
Schoois and Co//eyes.
LEADING BUTOTSSS COIXEGS O7 TH3
WEST.
2* Post St.. Saa Frasctwaj. Cal.
Estah. 40 years. Open entire year. *ay and nijat.
Welt* fcr SO-pac* eatxlccsa tfr**).
New Quarters — Bore Space
TOTES 3OOXS.
Just nor*! tata our new rwaj: s«w fir«»
proof fcuillinir. 3 elevators. #:*ctrfe U*nt».
¦temai h«at. Do nan for students thaa rrwr
before. This !s ti* coll;?s t>»f sacsrea so
masy positions.
San Franeisco Business College,
73S Mission St. Near Third.
MaflzalarMm
PALO ALTO, CAL. p^LP^l
gfiTori\i^ &£££jri e £
I rVCCC tt * story of oa*
life; Quolcsu*.
9C3 Golden Gate »¦»•., S. F.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Bearding and day school for yocag Udl«« «-.i
BM« ftrls. 212« Cmlifornl* strttt. WUl reopen
Aurust 1. 1904. Accredited to tie oaltrersttlas.
REV. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M. PrlaciaaL
P&PJSPZS&C&ZI&t s tlls iaost pnotl-
vQfflii ,i>; «c^.^?»^? cal; rsccniinerici-?il
WmKtBBBRBKBa ** 7 expert court re-
Pm^WJwgwrWR porters. Send tar
~-~- -* Maricet St, A F.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
tRVTNGTON. CAXXTOSNIA.
HolJs pre-emlaently th« conflrfirac* of tta ;«-
trans and the loyalty of its pupils.
WIIXIAM WALKED ANDEB3ON. Pttac^aX
¦ -¦..__-.. SehPd for boy«: UOi mr
yniTTIP b««i=3 Aa?. fK5: lirser a.ii
nil I I I JV ti'3n««T facatty tiaa *-r*r;
II U I I I W perfi^ct aniution; i::u*-
trated nutewt. W. 4-
MEREDrrH. Vice Prtaclgai. Meaio Parn. Cal.
Hitchcock Military Academy
SAN RAFAEL. CAL.
WILL REOPEN on Atarost H.
Acsly to taa frtnctjal.
PAXO ALTO ACASE3KT, one cJle froai
Sfanfrrd University — Boya and your:; tata.
prepared for SUsford. Berieley or Eastern
eollegss. Exceptional Advaatases la Mjd-:i
L*3«ua«5s and Hisaer Mataematics. Fall ttrm
begins Aiwnat S. For catalogue* addr-s»
MATNAHP SHTPt-gT. Palo Alto. CaL
Weekly Call. SI per Year
SQLU^IJllA SffiHRwa
NIGHTT.T. EXCEPTINa SUNT>AT. AT 8.
SSATTBTZrE SATT7XSAT AT 2.
hSOTHERN
MANAGEMENT DANIEL FROHMAN.
IN THE MIRACLE PLA.Y.
THE FSOT7TJ PSX3TCS,
By* Justin Huntly McCarthy.
Author of "IF I WERE KINO."
Seats for Second and Last Week Ready To-
morrow.
ITotica to OaUaad Tatatcr-Ooers :
MS. SOTHXE3T wUl not Tisit Oakland
dnxiasr ais preseat tour.
CALIFORNIA
(P To-Night!
a William Gillette's Masterpiece — Great- B
yj est War Drasia Ever Written. *|
1 1 Secret Service] I
2 Presented t>y the Favorites, ||
ITha Oliver Morosai Company |
Bargain Matinee To-morrow. |j
Xext Sunday— A PRINCE OF LIARS. ¦
B Funniest Farce of All. U
AT C* A T A T> Belasco 4k Mayer.
ALCAZAR -zrrsik
General Masajrer.
1 V/-111UI1 1 • TOTTBS. and SATS.
ALL THIS WEEK.
The Funniest Farce Comedy Ever Written.
CHARLEY'S AUNT
THE I>ATTOHZarO I 1 JUT
"Everybody laughed all the time." — Call.
Ev*.. 25c to 73c Mats. Than. & Sat.. 23c to 30e
Next Monday — The Clyde Fttch Comedy,
LO7EBS 1 LABS
Last Week of Stock Company Seaaon.
XC3TE 27— WHITE WHITTLESET.
ill fl S iriJ&l MAve«
Market Street. Near Eighth. Phone Sonth 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATTNEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Mammoth Revival of
1 THE OCTOROON |
10O— PEOPLE UT THE CAST— 100
Ne*ro Chonw of Forty Voice*.
Eccgs, Quartets. Buck and Win? Dasria*.
Special Engagement of the Diitlnyalshed
Comedian, L. R. STOCK. WEIX.
DDirTC EVENINGS 10 to BOc
I KltLJ MATINEES 10c. 13c. 23c
Next— "LIGHTS O* LONDON."
•
r didtc gee the bcatttiful
j COURT Looneinj
i\X\(\ room, the EMPIRE
UUU parlor, the
n - 1 PALM ROOM, the
llfa^na LOUIS XV PAR-
U~4.~1~ DIES' WRITING
Hotels room-
NEW AUVi^ftTTSMnn Kjux'rk
BsissBaQSBSflnasasaGBaBaBzaBaagBiiaBBBBaaBaBaaBsasaaaBiiBBaaaaBSBaaBasoBiisB^
t3 «^ a3 l^y 0^^ fc v 'j ra xm sHP***' B3 In #9w f' 1 j T'"i Bl «B fi J PH faiplMiv § j cX
B *
b _________ ; • •
Si *s. -
I To protect honest barbers against unfair and dishonest
¦ competition, and at the same time to safeguard the
1 public against fraud and deception, we will pay
I _- fiff H J^B mSBbt^Bm flaai__iaBBBr MS^ 'WKBrv^S^ 'li^ffliB^S' JP3S ¦__r TBHF a^L. JSI / I \^^1 1
I for the conviction of any one selling or dispensing
I a diluted or imitation Newbro's Herpicide
] How to Proceed g|^|| The Supreme Court Wilt
\ selling a diluted or imitation Herpicide, write us State of Nebraska recently affirmed a decision in
g all the particulars and we will advise eyou how to our favor, against a barber who was diluting Her-
S proceed further in the case. All Herpicfde "stand picide, and it is our determination to protect
I bottles" (for barber shops) belong to The Herpi- e verv honest barber against unfair competition.
; § cide Company, and can be taken up at will.
I All or these bottles bear our United States Address
S trade mark and any one who uses them for other . -rue U r DD , rm c rm m»v V
IS than genuine, full strength Herpicide is subject IHh HfcKP1UL)t UJMPAlNY,
I S to prosecution. . Detroit, Mich.
; BBBflBHflflBBiaBEBBBBBBBBBVBaBBHBBBBiaBflBBflaBBBBBBBBBBBBBIBaBBaBUaMSHVE^BBBBBBBBaBBBaflBaaB
ADVZBTISE2£E2?T3.
IDEAL VAUDEVILLE!
Aronst, WMrtca tad Company; Xddia
Hsroa aad Compaay; Bomaai Trie;
"acike,** Foster's Dor; Truly S2u»ttack;
Avoa C<nnedy 7onr; X.«ai BtisasU; Or-
pieaai MoUoa Pictuxei, sad
Marcel's Living Art Studies
Regular Matinee Erery Wednesday Tfcan-
day, Sainriay aad Susday. Prices, 10c. 23c
aad 50c
'Rtg. Mat. Satarday. Special Mat. To-P*y at 2.
TO-NIGHT AT 8 SSAS?.
DAVID BELASCO
Frea«at« 3CSS.
Leslie GARTER
Zb II ij New Flay.
PRICES. . .S2.0O. S1.50. Cl.OO. 7Se sad 5Cc
Notwithstanding the tremendous ad-
vance sales there remain unsold many
choice seats for this week.
1 I VULI house.
SUNDAY EVE. pftpiM
june 19th KUolM
TI73Lr3 517 SSUO'I H I I I I II
With the American |^ \J \J \j
Comic Opera. Masterpiece
EDITH MASOX,
With the Throir» KATE CONDOX.
Saperb U«t of FLOTE REDLEDGE.
NEW ARTI3TS, BARRON BERTHAU3
Inclwiiac: WIIXARD SIMMS
JOHN' DCXSMURE
SEATS XOW SrrjLING— C3c 36c. 73c.
CStTAI. TTVOLI PRICES.
BRANDOW AND~WILEY,
THE GREAT ALFONS
Aad ft Splendid Stair ETTtxy AftMsoas
aad Srcalar la taa Taiattr.
TAKE A RTDE ON THS
ansiATTntn zz>sctbzc jlaxlsoas.
Eameralda and Ear BABY MONKET is tiM
Zoo.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MOBT.
A3CATXVS HXOXT TXtTUSAT.
AdaBlsalon. 10c: Chadren. 5c
©lERCE's'
pSCRIPTION
JL FOR WEAK WO MEM «
IA/. X. HESS.
3f ot*rr Fublic aad Attora«7-»t-iaTr.
Tenth Floor. Room lOli. dau« SprtclutU bide.
Tilephon« Mala 983.
R«*idenee. 1S03 McAllister tt.
Kesldeaca Tciepbom Past 3441.
gpi BUY A '
WM Good
rf pocket
ILknife
zSilfM''? Standard makes. High
**W/ K rade - Will stand usage.
J £A A Good Razor a j low as
91.00
~mmc*a\ Scissors from. . .23c up
Razor Strops
i—— J -«">o and up
1 1, 1, "'^j Two bars Williams' 10c
j- t ni^j Shaving Soap 15c
Sa|>»"" Mail orders filled
I promptly.
f THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 Market St., Above PowelL
SAN FRANCISCO.The controversy over the granting of
a license to the Turtle saloon was
again the subject of much discussion
at the meeting of the Police Commis
sioners last- night. T. J. Crowley, the
attorney for McNamara and James, the
owners of the resort, became excited
while pleading for his clients, and after
announcing that he had had just as
many drinks at the St. Francis as in
any other place, he suddenly addressed
Commissioner Hutton, saying: "You
know that you and I have been drunk
together and we didn't get It in the
Turtle." .
Hutton demanded a retraction of the
speech and Crowley made It. The sub
ject went over for another week.
Policeman Felix F. Dougherty was
fined $100 for taking a drink in a saloon
while on duty.
Paul Q. Smith, a non-union hack
driver, was* granted a license.
STILL FIGHTING FOR LICENSE
TO RUN TURTLE SALOON
LONDON, June 14. — It has been de
cided by therOxford-Cambrldge com
mittee to propose July"23 or July 30
as the date for the athletic contests
with the Harvard-Yale team. At the
same time 'the committee expresses
the hope that July 30 will be selected,
as possibly King Edward might /be
unable to aftfind on the earlier date.
The committee also decided to pro
pose the same programme used fn the
meetings of 1899 and 1901. This con
sists of nine events, including hammer
throwing and discarding weight
throwing as before, under identical
conditions.
Date for International Games.
By the New Tork Morning Telegraph.
First Race — Rob Roy, Emergency,
Castalian. . „ .
Second Race— Stalwart, Dekabcr,
River Pirate.
Third Race— Workman, Agile, Vol
aday. .
Fourth Race— Dainty, Unmasked,
Flammula.
Fifth Race—^Sandy Andy, Graylad,
Danseuse.
Sixth Race — Topright, Out of
Reach, Lenarka.
GRAVESEND SELECTIONS.
Fifth race, bIjc and a half furlongs—North
west won, Dorice second. Foxy Grandpa third.
Time, 1:22.
Sixth race, one mile and a hundred yards
Montana Peeress won, Dandle Bell© second
Ora Viva third. Time, 1:48%.'
SEATTLE. Wash.. June 14. — To-day's re
sults at The Meadows:
First* race, five furlongs — Urbano won, John
Bosbs, second, Mao Flecnoe third. Time,
l:0Hi.
Second race, five and a half furlongs-r-Titus
won, ¦ Nanon second. Sir Dougal third. Vrime,
1:00.
Third race, one mile — The Pride won. Frank
Pearce second, Cracko third. Time. 1:42%.
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles, hur
dles — Jim Bozeman won, Mllas second. Cannell
third. Time not taken.
Racing at the Meadows.
Two wives yesterday filed suits for
divorce because their husbands, as al
leged, consort with other women. Jes
sie Sperry Knighton in her complaint
against Worthen . H. Knighton named
Cora Probert and Daisy Brooks, and
said other . women were un
known to her. , Because of his
acts she left him in Decem
ber, 1902. Louise Hickey, who says
her husband is a machinist earning
$110 a month, accuses him of spending
his time with unknown women and de
sertion. Other suits for divorce were
filed by Anna L. Freudenberg, against
Henry Freudenberg. desertion; Charles
R. Anderson, against Emma G. Ander
son, desertion; Mary. Reilly against
John J. Reilly, desertion; Martha C.
Lugagn against John Lugagn, deser
tion. In the last named case there is
a baby eight months old.
Divorces were granted yesterday by
Judge Graham to Ole F. Knutsen from
Elizabeth Knutsen, cruelty; by Judge
Sloss to Charlotte Ray from Alex.. Ray,
cruelty (she said he. had threatened to
kill her); by Judge Kerrigan to W. H.
Stark from Mattie L. Stark, infidelity;
to Emma Carder from Charles H. Car
der, desertion; to Jennie Stanley from
William Stanley, failure to provide.
Lillie B. Telles flle,d an answer to
Charles A. Telles* suit for divorce, de
nying his allegations and in a cross
complaint she said that he was ex
tremely, cruel to her and tried to force
Jher into a life of disrepute.
George F. Fehd wept in Judge Kerri
gan's court yesterday when he was re
lating upon the stand some of the inci
dents of his wife's cruelty to him. At
the end of his tale, the Judge granted
him a divorce. The Fehds were mar
ried in San Francisco in 1879 and have
thre? children. 23, 22 and 20 years old
respectively. His wife, Frances, he
said, abused him with her tongue, com
pelled his daughters to treat him un
filially and would not prepare his
meals for him nor permit his daugh
ters to do so.
George F. Fehd Is Granted Divorce.
Other Decrees and Some New
Cases Are Filed.
WEEPS WHEN HE TELLS
OF IHS WIFE'S CRUELTY
First race — Lila Noel, Dale, Dick
Ripley.
Second racer-Erla Lee, Pique, Auro
ceiver.
.Third race — Yellmantown, Major
Carpenter, King Fox II. '
Fourth race— Taby Tosa, Never
such, Estrada Palma.
Fifth race — Platoon, Franco, Gar
ret t Wilson.
Sixth race — I In mis pinner, Dellnda,
Murmur.
ST.' LOUIS SELECTIONS.
NEW TORK, June 14. — H. H.
Hackett and Robert Leroy won the
double tennis championship here to
day in the Metropolitan fawn tennis
tournament, defeating the former in
tercollegiate champions of Princeton,
F. B. Alexander and R. D. Little, in
three easy sets, 6-2, 6-4, 6-2.
Tennis Championship Decided.
First race, six furlongs, selling — The Mus
keteer 114, Dr. Saylor 114, Iridius 114, Sam
Craig 114 Counterpoise 111, Osgood J09, Cas
dne 100, Athlana 104, Eagel 103, Rob Hoy
103 Missing Link 101, Commonetta 101, Julia
M 101, Castallan 101, Consideration 103,
Florlzel 98. Tide 98, Toupee 98, Emergency 98,
Merry Momenta 96.
Second race, mil* and a hlxteenth, handi
cap — Dulte of Kendal 125, Gold Money 122,
Damon 121. River Pirate 118. Colonsay 121,
Dekabar 105, Stalwart 112. Duke and Stal
wart Thomas entry.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, handi
cap, two-year-olde — Voladay 123, Ollpin 122,
Agile 121, Salt and Pepper 117, Red Friar
116, Workman 105, Klamesha 110.
Fourth race y mile and seventy yards, the
Myrtle Stakes— Embarrassment 106, Buttons
105. Sheriff Bell 108, Himself 103, Dainty 101.
Sweet Alice 101. Stolen Moments 101. John F
101. Unmasked 100. Bolina 96. Toi San 93. Tim
Payne 91. The Brooklynlte 91, Flammula 81,
Reveille 90. Divination 90.
Fifth race, five furlongs, calling, two-year
olds — Bonnie Agnes 108. Crusher 107. Mon
Amour 107, Red Raynard 102, Annie' Russell
102. Jack McKeon 102. Sandy Andy 105, Gray
lad 100. Confessor 100, Benlada 09, Danseuse
97, Tho Chanticleer 97, Raiment 97. Cheer Up
92. Sachem 92, Suzanne Rocamora 84.
Sixth race, mile and seventy yards,
maidens — St. Breezo 112. Patagonian 112, Top
right 112. Flexion 112, Out of Reach 112,
Sir Shep 109. Grantsdale 109, Tom Lawson 109
Lenarka 100, Colonel Rorer 109, Alster 107,
Bistre 107. Chattah 107, Charmel 107, High
Heels 107. Mutiny 101.
Weather clear; track fast.
NEW TORK, June 14. — A strong
card will be presented the racegoers
at Gravesend to-morrow. The entries
follow: V
GRAVESEND ENTRIES.
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First Race — Flaxman, Clgarllghter,
Belle of Ash land.
Second Race—John E. Owens,
Golden Link, Falella.
Third Race— English Lad, Flo Bob.
Proof Reader.-
Fourth Race— Wilful,' Lord Badge,
Jerry Lynch. * > - v?j
Fifth Race — Luzarlon, Modredlaw,
John Smulski.
Sixth .Race — Mayor Johnson, Joe
Frey, St. Cuthbert.
Seventh. Race— Edward Hale, Major
Mansir, Ml Relna.
CHICAGO, June 14. — English Lad
and other Derby colts will meet to
morrow at Harlem at one and a quar
ter miles. The day's entries: •
First race, five furlongs — Tramator 105,
Ftexman 111,. Herllda 108, Monte 09, Lo Lo
Mai 9<J, Belle of Ashland 10S, Cigar Lighter
104, Double 98*.
Second race, handicap steeplechase, short
course — Miss Brandon 12">. Handvice 139. Alma
GUI 130, John E. Owens 138. Poorlands 154,
Faraday Jr 135, Falella 141, Golden Link 148,
Jack Boyd 125.
Third .race, the Derby trial, mile and a
quarter — English Lad 120. Woodson 110, Cop
per 101. El wood 115, Flo Bob 110, Proof
Reader 110, Lonsdale 110.
Fourth race, one mll<> — Calcutta 100, Jerry
Lynch 100. Lord Badge 112. Exclamation 100,
Wltfull 107. Long More 115.
Fifth race, four furlongs, two-year-olds —
Free /Field Count 104, John Smuiskl 100.
Luzarlon 118, Lord Dixon 104, Cherry Bird
101, Annie Alone 101. Viroqua 101. Capitanazo
104. Alcor JOt. Abelard 104, Modredlaw 100,
Uncle Henry 104. Lady Lasca 101.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling — Bummer 11
103, Harney 104, Jackful 100, St. Cuthbert 105,
Hudson 99. Mayor Johnson 100, Presentation
103, Mlndora 110. Handy Cross 101, Benson
hur«t B6, Ontonagon 108, Joe Frey 108. Zlbla
09. Beautiful and Best 105, Lula Marr 92, Mar
shallsea 98.
Seventh race, mile and a sixteenth, selling—
Russelton 115, 'Rough and Tumble 00, Sweet
Tooth 113, Ml Relna 104. Ryevale 97, Bock
dolenger 112, John Drake»113, Admonition 111.
Durbar 88. Tancred 121. Edward Hale 104,
Marlin 104, The Hebrew 85, Major Manslr 110.
Weather clear; track fast.
HARLEM ENTRIES.
Purse for Hanlon and McGovern.
LOS ANGELES, June 14. — Thomas
McCarey, manager of the-.. Century
Athletic Club of Los Angeles, to'night
authorized a well known sporting
writer of New York to offer a purse
of $5000 on behalf of the club for tl
match between Terry McGovern and
Eddie Hanlon to take place here
within the next two months. This ac
tion signifies the revival of the box'.u^
game in Los Angeles, where it has
been prohibited by ordinance until re
cently* when it was again legalized *>y
the ordinance being declared uncon
stitutional.
ST. LOUIS, June 14.— The entries
for J to-morrow's races at the Fair
Grounds follow:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Millbrook
110, Dan McCue 107. Ascot 105, Bob Curt 104.
Happy Hooligan 104, Sweet Note 104, Phiora
101. Dale 104, Gayoso 100, Anyway 100, Dick
Ripiey 1)9. Benton «9. Owasca 97, Ophelia Mar
tin 97, Llia Noel 87.
Second race, four and a half furlongs, maid
ens — Aurocelver 108. Fallona 108, Moonet 108,
Pedegla 108. Triumphtress 10S. Pique 108, As
patla 108. Krla Lee 10S, Loretta M 108, Leni
Leoti 108.
Third race, nix furlongs — Cloverton 110,
Sanctum 108, Tom Kiley 107. Muscovlr 107,
Yellrnantown 105. King Fox II 104, Reglna D
102. Minnie Johnson 102, Overhand 100, Quaker
Girl 100, Bird Pond 100, Sadie Burch 1W.
Major Carpenter 97, Firbane 07. Allegrette »7.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth mile*!,
handicap — Jordan 107, Taby Tosa 107, Estrada
Pa'ma 10t>. Neversuch 91. \
Fifth race, five furlongs, selling — Platoon
105. Weberflelds 103, Cesarius 103, Joe Kelly
103. Princess Orna 100, Captain Xerath 100.
Garrett Wilpon 9!>. The Doctrcss 95, Franco
95. A Lady Fair 93.
Sixth, race, one mile and twenty yard?, s'-.V
ing — Uessie McCarthy 10S, Dawson lOti. Hand
spinner 105, Sting 104. Cathness 103. Leenja
102. Brooklyn 99. Noweta 99, Murmur f<S.
Flora Bright 93. Lord Haven 90, Trap3etter
88. Dollnda 84, Our Lillte 82, Scalper 'jit.
Weather clear; track fast.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
Cabrera combines modesty and affability tn.
gether with the highest degree of Intelligence
and energy. He is a man well fitted to b»
to Guatemala a second Porfirio Diaz, and tha
progressive element is very enthusiastic in giv
ing him its support.
The. American newspapers have already given
the Important details in regard to the con
cession obtained by the American syndicate
of Home & Minor Keith, which has for its
object the constructing of the Northern Rail
road, which is to connect Puerto Barrios en
the Atlantic side with San Jose on the Pa
cific shore. This road Is of the utmost Im^
portance. It reduces the distance between
New York and Chicago to one week.
Since Don Estrada Cabrera has taken hold
of the reins of the civil government the era
of the Guatemala revolution has ceased. Ths
greatest part of the dissatisfied element has
gone to work and is now enjoying peacefully
the fruit of a steadily progressing and pros
perous country.
The re-election of President Cabrera in July
seems to be pretty well assured, and as he
Is a man of such energetic mind and action,
which he knows how to apply if necessary the
country is bound to steadily develop under
his administration.
The salvation of all the Latin American
countries lies certainly in the direction of
work and not In Dolltics.
The smaller native farmers hare been
obliged to sell most of their product to pay
expenses, interest and mortgages, and as cof
fee prices ruled low for several years this
meant a contraction In the returns for natural
products as well as a shifting of balance,
for which, however, the Government cannot
b? held responsible.
The last year's revenues amounted tn $17 .
5S*5,StH 70. against expenditures of $17,004
03{* 46, national current-}', in this connection
it is of interest to note that the present Gov
ernment paid out during the last six years of
Its administration $::.«M.4lf> I» in gold and
$75,K>2,461 7:'. in national currency, of which
$2,513,152 ."!« gold and $12.691. (Ml paper money
must be chanced to compromises made by the
previous Government.
The crop of 1004 and 1^05 promise* to b*
a most bountiful one. and the tineas, which at
first owing to the excitement were considered
totally ruined, have been recovered and Im
proved to such an extent that it really may
be called marvelous. Thus the damage to Um
previous crop, which was partially lost, and
the losses caused by the destruction of budd
ings will be more than equalized by the re
alization of the good prospects for this year.
During the period of 1898 to llMXi the balance
In favor of export compared with import*
amounted to $20,932,315 6« gold, and the trade
balance was In favor of exportation. In fate
of this it may be natural to ask why the crisis
lasted such-* Ions time. In answer to thN
it must be stated that one of the reason* is
the fact that most of the business and ths
most productive coffee plantations are heM
by foreign people and that the value of their
products goe9 to foreign countries with the ex
ceptlon of what little U needed for the sup
port of the flncas, for personal expenses ant
for exDOrtvduty.
San Francisco has so many and far-reaching
commercial interests and relations with this
republic that tha people should have a clear
understanding cf the situation by strictly im
partial and reliable accounts. Like most of
the Latin American republics our state ex
perienced within the last few years a suc
cession of depreoslons, and the crisis waa tha
more Intensified because of the influence of tha
low coffee prices and the terrestrial disturb
ances well known to all of us.
We frequently receive papers from San
Francisco bringing notices and reports on con
ditions of things in Guatemala which are the
very opposite of truth. Not long ago a. monthly
journal published in the Spanish language ?alj
such queer things as to almost cause us tu
smile were It not for the fact that they were
grossly slandering to this country. It is always
unfair to attempt to influence and set public
opinion against a country by reports which
are caused by spite and selfieh motives even
If the author, as in the above case, had the
misfortune there to get stranded in bia com
mercial enterprise.
According to a letter written by
Ricardo Franz, Consul of Portugal in
Guatemala, to Henry ilohns of this
city the affairs of Guatemala are by
no means in so bad a condition as ha3
been reported. The letter says:
Portugal's Representative at President
Cabrera's Capital Predicts Pros
perous Future for Republic.
SAYS REPORTS HAVE
SL.AXDERED GUATEMAIiA
CLEVELAND. Ohio. June 14. — A rainstorm
broke Just as Cleveland was retired In the fifth
inning after Cleveland had played slowly, hop
tng«the rain would stave off defeat. Bender
struck out seven men in the five Innings. At
tendance. 1100. Score:
R. H. E.
Cleveland 0 1 0
Philadelphia 4 7 1
Batteries — Bernard and Abbott: Bender and
8chreck.
DETROIT. Mich.. June 14.— With the game
apparently gone, the Detrolts indulged in a
ninth, inning batting rally, three hits tleing the
score. The game was called by. the umpire on
account of darkness after the fifteenth. At
tendance, 1200. Score:
R. H. E.
Detroit 6 17 3
Washington S 11 3
Batteries — Kit son. Klllian and Buelow;
Townsend, Jacobson and Drill.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
R H E
Philadelphia 05 0
Plttsburg 6 12 0
Batteries— Mitchell and Dooln; Flaherty and
Smith. Umpire — Zlmraer.
* R. H. E.
Boston 6 9 3
Chicago 2 4 0
Batteries — Pltttnger and Needham; Corridon
and Kllng.
BROOKLYN. June 14.— Although th« Cin
cinnati team was outbatted In to-day's game.
Brooklyn was beaten. None of the winning
team's runs was earned. The teams will play
a double header here to-morrow. Attendance,
2500. Score :
n. ii. e. %
Cincinnati 5 ft 0
Brooklyn 4 8 2
Batteries — Kelum and Pietz; Poole and
Rutler. Umpire — O'Day.
PHILADELPHIA. June 14.— Inability to hit
Flaherty to any advantage resulted In a shut
out for the locals by Plttsburg to-day. Four
singles, a base on balls and a batsman hit
gave the visitors four in the first Inning. Score:
NEW YORK. June 14. — The locals
worked their way up to first place in
the pennant race to-day by defeating
St. Louis. Taylor had the better of
Nichols, as the fielding support given
the visitors* pitcher was rather slow.
Attendance 4000. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 14 2
New Tork 6 10 0
Batteries — Nichols and Zearfoss; Taylor
and Bowerman.
BOSTON. June 14. — Plttlnger pitched effec
tively for Boston to-day and the home team
defeated Chicago. The game was close until
the eighth inning, when Corridon weakened.
Attendance, 2900. Sctore:
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
A feeling of gloom pervades the
training camp in the Lake County
mountains, as all Jeffries' followers
expected him to be in the finest pos
sible condition on Friday night, when
he was to have defended his title to
the championship. Once Jeffries'
injured knee takes a turn for the bet
ter the gloom will be dispelled.
Out at Munroe's camp training op
erations were at a standstill. The big
miner has been keyed up, mentally
and physically, for a supreme effort
on Friday night and the sudden let
down has had Its effect on him. He
will resume work again to-day, al
though some of his advisors believe if
he took matters easy for the balance
of this " week it would be the best
thing he could do. Four rounds of
fast boxing each day would keep him
keyed up and there would be but lit
tle danger of overtraining. Owing to
the amount of energy he puts into his
work there is always a possibility of
his overdoing it.
Munroe's work hereafter will be di
rected toward the development of
speed, both in boxing and in foot
work. He will do a lot of short
sprints on the beach and will also box
¦vnth the cleverest men available,
liunroe's improvement has bordered
on the sensational and Trainer Tim
McGrath will endeavor to keep up the
good work during the next two weeks.
This may help Jeffries to decide
upon coming here at once. In this
case he will settle down at Oakland,
v here his knee will be given whatever
treatment is necessary. Jeffries would
then train at the Reliance Athletic
Club.
Dr. Devening. the physician who Is
intending Jeffries, announced that
there was water on the knee and that
it would have to be tapped. Whether
this will be done at the Springs or at
Oakland will be decided to-day. Man
nser Coffroth has urged upon Jeffries
the desirability of being near this
city, where communication would not
be so difficult as it is when he is at
Harbin Springs.
There was a feeling of relief yes
terday among the men Interested In
the destinies of the big fight between
Jeffries and Munroe, especially as the
date seems far enough aiiead to allow
of both men being In good condition.
The wisdom of putting it off until
the last day possible under the permit
held by the Yosemlte Club was seen
yesterday when unfavorable reports
« ame out of Harbin Springs regard
ing Jeffries* condition. The cham
pion remained in bed all day and a
change in treatment was tried. Fresh
bandages were applied every half
liour.
Miss Jane Seymour Klink, a gradu
ate of Mills College has been appoint
ed under a recent act of the New York
Legislature one of twelve inspectors
of the public employment agencies of
New Tork City. Miss Klink is well
Cited for such a. position. .
-Mills College Girl Wins.
Friends of Fireman August Engelke
the exceedingly Indignant that former
Councilman W. J. Baccus of Oakland
has claimed the credit for rescuing little
Laura Massa from a burning house on
Vandewater street. They not only al
lege that they never saw Baccus at
the fire, but are ready to give" testi
mony, they say. to Engelke's rescue
of the child. A number of witnesses
have given their names as being ready;
to substantiate the story of the fire-'
man's heroism. Members of the Fire
Department aiso deny having seen
Baccus on the scene and give all the
credit to Engelke.
All Say Eng-elkf; Rescued Child.
Alfred- Lilienfield, foreman, 708
Market street; M. Levy, 729 Mission
etreet; Charles W. Welch, 1418 Turk
etreet: William Broderick, 1225 Guer
rero street; A. G. Hagerdon, 1008 Fill
xnore etreet; T. F. Bennett, 2414 Van
Xess avenue; II. O'Brien, I860 McAl
lister .street; George I. Drucker, 1198
Haight street; John 'P. CulleV, 22
Seventh street; F. H. Kilduff. 2915 La
jruna street; Otto Jungblut, 10 Golden
Gate avenue; J. W. Carmany, Califor
ria Title and Trust Company; Maur
ice Block, 120 Pine street; James C.
Xealon. 968 Haight street;. Charles A.
HcLane. New York Life Company.
Mills building; Milton H. Esberg. 2332
Washington street; Wakefleld Baker,
2701 Pacific avenue; I. Zellerbach,
1730 Fell street, and Dr. George P.
Purlenky, 404 Third street
A new Grand Jury was drawn yes
terday afternoon by Presiding Super
ior Judge Kerrigan, who appointed
Alfred Lilienfield foreman. After the
member? were sworn and instructed
by the Judge as to their duties they
repaired to "thf*ir apartments and
made Charles W. Welch secretary.
The first session will be held June 30.
The nineteen names first drawn
from the box and constituting the
jury are as follows:
Alfred Ltlicnficld Is Foreman and
Charlrs IV. Welch Secretary.
First Meeting: June 30.
JUDGE KERHIGAX DRAWS
THE Xew GRANT) JURY
NEW YORK. June 14. — A telegram
received from Billy Delaney, who is
at Harbin Springs, says "Jeffries' con
dition is serious. The doctor, after
examining him to-day, was much per
turbed. I think it will be necessary
ior us to go to Oakland to finish
training. I am afraid it will be nec
e-ssary to operate on Jeff's left knee."
Billy Delaney Is Disturbed.
CHICAGO. June 14.— Assistant Chief
of Police Schuettler has announced
that he will have 100 policemen at
Washington Park Saturday- to make
eure of being able to carry out Mayor
Harrison's order to prevent bookmak
ing at the race meet. Detectives, It is
declared, will locate each bookmaker
and provide for him a guard of three
patrolmen. Others will be scattered
throughout the crowd with orders to
arrest any persons caught attempting
to make a bet, even by a wink or
a nod.
If there is to be no bookmaklng at
Washington Park on Derby day there
will be none In any part of the city.
It was discovered to-day that the wire
cables connecting the hand bookmak
ers and their clearing house had all
been cut by some unknown person,
rendering the extensive wire service
useless. This has effectually stopped
taking racing news outside of the track
and disseminating it to the various
clearing houses down town.
rt was reported to-day that an un
known syndicate of bookmakers had
secured an option on an old race track
near Libertyvllle, In Lake County, and
was engaged in putting it in shape so
that if the Washington Park track is
closed the new track will have first
call on the dates formerly awarded to
the Washington Park Club.
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
IS ARRESTED FOR CRUELTY.— Richard
M&estretti was arrested by Officer Unger of
the Humane Society yesterday for driving a
disabled horse. Maestretti was released on
$10 cash ball.
LIBEL FILED.— The Pacific Stevedoring and
Ballasting Company filed a libel yesterday in
the United States District Court against the
British ship Marathon to recover $1207 26
al!eged to be due for stevedoring labor on the
vessel.
WINTERS ESTATE.— The final account of
the estate of W. G. Winters, deceased was
filed in the Superior Court yesterday by Eliz
abeth M. Bloom, administratrix. It shows
receipts of $24,570 55 and disbursements of
$20,424 15.
REBEKAH SOCIAL POSTPONED.— The
social which was to have been given to-night
In the Odd Fellowe" building by Oriental
Rebekah Lodge has been Indefinitely postponed
on account of the unexpected death of one
of the members.
CAUGHT IN WHEEL.— Nel Wraa's dislocat
ed shoulder was reset at the Potrero Hospital
yesterday. The Injury was caused by a por
tion of his clothing becoming entangled In a
revolving wheel at 1322 Twenty- third street,
where he Is employed.
STRUCK BY STREET CAR.— Maggie Cuff.
12 years old, of 724 Gough street wa9 knocked
down yesterday afternoon by a McAllister
street car. She was taken to the Emergency
Hospital. Her injuries consisted of several
abrasions on the left side.
FALLS FROM A SCAFFOLD.— Harvey Ta
rago of 24 Minna street and George McDou
gai: of 1003^ Railroad avenue carpenters fell
from a 25-foot scaffolding at 1C02 Tenth ave
nue South and received severe contusions and
bruises, which were dressed at the Potrero
Hospital.
SUES THE SHERIFF. — G. M. Kneass yes
terday sued Sheriff Curtis for $850 damages, al
leging that Uie Sheriff seized and sold goods
belonging to the plaintiff under a writ of at
tachment in the suit of the Western Brass
Works against F. B. Clark. Kneass says he
was not a party to the tuit.
DECISION IN BANKRUPTCY.— United
Strtes District Judge de Haven handed down
a decision awarding- $0492 32 to Louis C.
Ecfcllef in the matter of the bankrupt estate
of Edward B. Howard. Interest is allowed at
3 pfr cent per annum from August 29. 1902.
The motion that the trustee pay certain costs
is denied without prejudice.
WAITER HAMME8 TAKES GAS.— Frank
Hammee, who had been employed up to a
we*k aro as a waiter In Techau's Tavern,
committed suicide la«t Monday night at 22k
Taylor efeet. His dead body was found yes
terday morning in bed with one end of a
rurber tube In his mouth and the other end
affixed to the gas burner, which was, open.
LACKS NECESSARY CERTIFICATE.— Dr.
E. Jschmoll. a former interne at the City and
County Hospital, was arrested yesterday on
Post street on a warrant charging him with
practicing medicine without a license. The
warrant was sworn to by Dr Dudley Tait, pres
ident of th» State Board of Medical Examiners
Schmoll was released on ball.
GAME LAW VIOLATORS CAUGHT —
Charles McGllnchey of Ventura has been ar
rested by Deputy Fish Commissioner Pritchard
for dynamiting fish. The penalty for the of
fense is a fine of $250. Justice Fitzgerald of
Black Diamond has fined Mrs. A. Cardlnalll
$20 for shipping undersized striped bass The
defendant vras following the Instructions of
her husband, who had departed on a vacation
at the 4.1m* the offense was made known ¦
GONE TO THE MARINE HOSPITAL.—Al
bert Strom, the quartermaster on the United
States coast survey steamer Paterson. who was
stabbed In the left breast on May 29 by an un
known man. was removed yeeterday from the
Emergency Hospital to tne Marine Hospital
The recovery of Strom was almost miraculous
considering the nature of his wound. The knife
had penetrated the muscles of his heart and
the left lung. . Chief Surgeon Johw-1. Stephen,
who had charge of his ca«e. wa» complimented
by United States Surgeon Stlnson of ths Ma
rine Hospital.
NONSUIT IS DENIED.— A motion for non
suit in-the case of William A. Westcott against
California Harbor No. 15. American Associa
tion of Masters and Pilots of Steam Vessels
was yesterday denied by Superior Judge Sea
well. Wmcott demands $10,000 damages al
leging that the Harbor Association suspended
Ixlni from membership for a year without
charges. The Harbor Association denies that
it Is a labor union and avers that Westcott
was suspended for disobeying Its rules and for
ungentiemanly conduct.
TROUBLE OVER WHISKY.— Oliver Dania
alias "Black Pat," and William Doyle ex
convicts, were booked at the City Prison' yes
terday by Detectives Reran and O'Connell on
a charge of grand larceny. They were iden
tified at the City Prison t>j J. Berkman a
grocer in the Mission. They had a peddler's
wagon and Berkman . alleges that on June 3
he hlrcfl them to take a barre! of whisky from
the freight sheds at Fourth and Townsend
streets to bis store. That was the last he
saw of them or the whisky. They were absent
from the city for some days afterward and
the police believe they were In the country dis
posing of the. whisky.
Amateur Reinsmen Meet.
At a regular meeting of the Golden
Gate Park Drivlnit Club at the Palace
Hotel last night it was decided that
the club would not hold a race meet
on the Fourth of July. A meeting of
the San Francisco Driving Club will
be' held on night to determine
whether the club will promote races
for the amateur reinsmen on vlnde
pendence day.
Boy. Assaulted and Robbed.
Mrs. Fincher, mother of James Fin
cher, a 16-year-old boy. living at 844
Linden street, Oakland, reported to
Captain Martin that her son had been
brutally assaulted and robbed last
Monday of $25 by an unknown man in
the Dewey House, on East street The
lad was found by Officer T. P. Maloney
is a doorway in & serious condition.
I (National League.) (American League.)
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
New York. ..30 15 .667 Boston 32 15 .681
Chicago ....29 15 .659 New York...2B 10 .578
Cincinnati ..31 16 .659 Chicago 27 21 .862
1 Plttsburg ...23 22 .611 Philadelphia. 25 20 .556
§X. Louis 21 22 .4SS Cleveland ...23 20 .535
Brooklyn .. .19 29 -30« St. Louis 2122 .488
TJoston 17 28 .378 Detroit IT 27 .386
Philadelphia. 0 32 .220 Washington.. 8 35 .186
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
The members of the California Yacht
Club are making elaborate prepara
| tlons for their eleventh annual class
j flag regatta and Owners* Cup race
which will be held next Sunday.
The preparatory gun will be fired at
11:30 a. m. The boats of class C. will
start at 11:40. class B at 11:50 and
class A at 12 o'clock. The course is as
follows:
Starting from a line drawn from the south
erly nler head of the Oakland broad- gaug?
mole, to a stakeboat anchored SCO yards to
the southwest, leaving same on port hand:
thence to and around Alcatras Island, leav
ing same on Dort hand (passing Goat Istan-I
on starboard hand); thence to and around
Mission rock, leaving aame on port hand:
thence to finish on an Imaginary line drawn
between the two lighthouses at the entrant-*
of Oakland harbor. This course Is officially
reckoned at 11?» nautical miles.
The entries follow:
Allow.l Allow.
Tacht. Mln. I Yacht. M!n
Shamrock III 701dIer SCJ
Mabel A «0;llaz»l S *"
Surf itu.'ornair W
Bachelor SOIElthe s, W
France* 47Secret JO
Vega 45|Pacto:us 2;:
Catherine 32;Pollywos 2S
Kittle U5|Uypsie W
Pilgrim .'. .30'Rover IS
Occident 34Jessl- E '¦>
Challenge 31 Tola Scratch
Spray 321
The Owners* Cup race will take place
at the same time and over the same
course as the Class Flag Regatta. This
will be a handicap race and the yacht
making the best time over the course
after taking into account her handi
cap allowance will be awarded the cup.
Will Devote the Kemaining
Days of His Training to
Increasing His Speed
If Washington Park Closes
Syndicate of Bookmakers
May Eevive Old Course
Owners' Cup Eac.e and Class
Flag Competition to Be
Decided at the Same Time
Cleveland Tries to Stave Off
Defeat by Waiting for a
but Lacks Luck
TWO CONTESTS IN ONE
SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
maiden two-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
6 to 2— Knight of Pearl, 112 (Mrtn) 1 2 1 1 ns
5 to 1 — Diamond Flush. 1C9 (Shaw) 3 12 2 5
6 to 1— Jerry C, 112 (Crimmins) . . 8 6 2 3 3%
Time, 1:08 4-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner. T. L. Witt's ch. c. by Knight of Mal
ta-Little Pearl. Antimony. Migrane. Prince
Joseph, Knight o" Weston. Linda Lee, Idle
Hour, Observer. /Flying Redskin, Sailor Boy",
Bt. Ann, Maxer Moore, Flying Schwab and
Golden Green finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — One mile and seventy yards;
three-year-olds; selling :
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. ¦? Fin.
4 to 1 — Coppella, 95 (Crimmlns).'I 9 2 5 1 h
10 to 5— Dick Bernard. 96 (Gordon) 1 13 2 5
6 to 1— Possession. 104 (Martin).. 7 4^36
Time, 1:45 2-5. Start fair. Won driving.
'Winner. M. Corbett's ch. f. by Kingston-Cerlto^
Buckleya, Catallne, The Southerner, Silver
Days. Cbamplaln and Bais Ascetic finished as
named.
FOURTH HACE — One and an eighth miles;
three-year-olds and up; the Brookdale handi
cap:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
11 to 20— Hermis, 125 (Redfern)... 1 12 1 \U,
8 to 1— Dainty. 100 (Crlmmins) . . . 4 2h 28
8 to 1— Africander. 127 (Bullman) 2 3 2 %\%
Time. 1:52 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. E. R. Thomas' ch. h. by Hermance-
Katy of the West. Eugenia Burch and Brook
lynlte finished as named.
SECOND RACE — Five furlongs; purse; two
yen r-olds:
Batting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1 — Tongarder, 107 (Lyne) 6 2H lb
8 to 5— Right Royal, 112 (O'Neill)3 1 h 2 10
10O to 1 — Don Royal. 107 (HIgglns)4 5 h 3 ns
Time, 1 :01 2-5. Start .poor. Won driving.
Winner. S. Paget's ch. f. by Order-Tongese.
Gamara, Mirthless, Golden Sunrise, Salt and
Pepper, Grand Slam, Hot Shot, Pasadena, fin
ished as named.
SECOND RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; sell-
Ing; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
9 to 6 — Dekaber, 103 (J. Maitln)..l lh U
5 to 1 — Seymour, 90 (Crlmmlns). . .2 2 1 2 ns
20 to 1— Hydrangia, 84 (Notter) 0 3 4 3b
Time. 1:48. Start fair for all but Agnes D.
Won handily. Winner,.* H. B. Durham's ch. f.
toy Pirate of P«nzance-December. Cottage
Maid, Baikal, I Jdy Potentate. Nine Spot,
Naughty Lady Sabot, Gold Van, Agnes D,
finished as named.
For about seven furlongs Redfern
had a stiff pull on Hermis. After that
the pull was not quite so strong and
at end of the nine furlongs, the last
of which was run in 13 3-5 seconds,
there were many who said he would
not stay the Suburban distance. In
this his owner Is unfortunate, for the
weather has been &\l against Hermls,
who needs a warm atmosphere to help
fit him for competition.
Judged by his easy defeat of African
der and Eugenia Burch neither should
be near Hermis at the finish of the
Suburban. Hermis 1 fractional times
to-day were: Furlong, 12 4-5 seconds;
quarter, 24 4-5 seconds; three furlongs,
36 4-5 seconds; half mile, 49 seconds;
five furlongs, 1:01; six furlongs.
1:13 2-5; seven furlongs, 1:26 1-5; one
mile, 1:39 1-5; full distance, nine fur/
longs, 1:52 4-5. This is a shade slower
than the time made in 1902 by Morn
ing Side when she won. The track rec
ord is 1:52, made by Contend two years
ago. Summaries:
FIRST RACE— About six furlongs; handicap;
three-year-olds :
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 10— Reliable, 140 (J. Boland).l 11 11
fi to 1— St. Valentine, 102 (Redfn)6 6 1 2 ¥t
S to 1 — PuIsuh, 116 (Hicks) ..3 31^.31^
Time, 1:10 2-5. Start cood. Won easily.
Winner, J. J. Ryan's b. c. by Watercress--
Arnette. Lux Ca«ta, Damon, Salvatella,
Gaanade, King Pepper, finished as named.
GRAVESEND, June 14.— Three of the
five starters in the Brookdale Handi
cap to-day are engaged in the Subur
ban on Thursdav and of these three
Hermls alone made an excellent show-
Ing. He won easily, running the first
mile in 1:39 1-5 and the full nine fur
longs In 1:52 4-5. * v
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIXTH RACE— Mile and an eighth; three
year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weijrht. Jockey. Sr. ft Fin.
7 to 1 — Schoolmate, 97 (Conway) .10 3 h 11
C to 1— Cornwall. 109 (Fischer).. 8 lh 21
6 to 1— Freetfas. 85 (Knapp) 4 2 3 3 1»4
Time, 1 :54 2-5. Start poor. Won handily.
Winner. W. S. Price's b. g. by Wadsworth-
Margaret J. Lacy Crawford 103, Banton 104,
Boaster 104. Blackwolf 90, Telephone 91.
Sarllla 99. Fajr Order 88, Tancred 113, finished
as named.
FIFTH RACE — Five * furlongs; two-year
olds; purse:
Betting. Horse, Welrht. Jockey. St. Va Fin.
14 to 5— The Mist, 115 (Lawrence) 4 . 2 ** 1 ft
3tol*-Peggy O'Neal, 107 (Lnm) 1 3 2 2n
8 to 5— Regale. 100 (Aubuchon) . . 2 6 2 3 3
Time, 1:01. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. W. H. Hammond's ch. f. by Magnet-
Tennebrae. Broadway Girl 115. Moorish Dam
sel 100. Lillian Ayres 103. North Enid 100,
Sadie R 100, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Mile; three-year-olds and
up; purse:
Betting. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. «i fin.
8 to 6— Miss Crawford, 88 (Aubcn) 4 11 1 2&
* 8 to 6— Prince S'rings, 97 (Hicks) 2 4 V, 2 2
15 to 1— Fonoasta, 100 (Knapp).. 3 3 3>i3 1
Time, 1:40 3-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner. W. W. Darden & Co.'s ch. f. (3) by
Tenny-Flo II. Emperor of. India 95, Joe Les
ser 106, Peter J 1OU, finished as named.
THIRD RACE— One mile; three-year-olds
and up; handicap: .
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. .?4 Fin.
14 to 5 — B. Ormonde. 98 (Aubchn) 5 2 2 1 h
9 to 1 — Ananias. 98 (Knapp) 2 11 2 5
14 to 5— Talpa. 103 (Hicks) 6 32 33
Time, 1:40 C-5. Start poor.. Won driving.
Winner. Mrs. E. L. Kripps' ch. h. (6) by Or
monde-Miss Brummel. Felipe Lugo 94, Gregor
K 108, Gllfaln 92. finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds; purse: „
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »4 Fin.
4 to 1— Fred Leppert, 100 (Nieol) 5 4 1 12
7 to 1— Mansard. 100 (Sherwood). 3 31 2 1
15 to 1— Americano, 114 (Fefcht).. 1 ll*43h
Time. 1:14 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, Fred Cook's ch. g. by Victory-Bunch.
Shawana 08, John A. Scott 109. Floral King
103. llarney 111, finished as named.
Jockey Dominick will ride English
Lad in the American Derby next Sat
urday. The sixty-daV suspension
against the rider has been modified so
that he may ride for Frtfl Cook until
the suspension expires. Dominick was
set down for sixty days for his ride on
Kurtzmann in- the Nursery stakes at
Louisville. The track was fast to-day
and. the weather fine. A big crowd
turned out. Summaries:
FIRST RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. ?4 Fin.
8 to 5 — Van Ness. Ill (Fischer). 1 1 2%1 2>£
9 to 5— New M. Hay.100 (Lwnce)12 5 h 2 %
17 to 1 — Mezzos 107 (Ollphant). ...10 11 4 3 1
Time, 1:21. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner, J. W. Schorr's b. g. (5) by Loyalist-Ada
B. My Jane 93. Hudson 104, Falernlan 101.
Sweet Tooth 114, Mandy Lee 1)6, Mary Pine
104, Determination 94. Jim Tyrrell 97. Selected
105, Buck Wynne 104, finished as named.
Ananias, under the pilotage of "Big
Bill" Knapp, shot to the front at the
start and led by a length for six fur
longs with - Beau Ormonde second.
When straightened out ror the wire,
Beau Ormonde caught the Schorr* trick
and the two fought it out all the way.
Beau Ormonde showed greater game
ness and in the final strides got ] his
head in front and won by that mar
gin. ;
CHJCAGO, June 14.— Beau Ormonde
and Ananias furnished a sensational
finish in the third and feature \race at
Harlem to-day. The two ran as team
the full length of the stretch and only
a head separated them at the finish in
the order named. Beau Ormonde was
played for a good thing, being backed
from/4 to 1 to 12 to 5. Ananias was
one of the outsiders at odds of 9 to 1.
Gregor K opened favorite at 2 to 1,
then drifted to 3 to l'and was backed
to 5 to 2 at post time. He ran a dis
mal race as compared with his last two
performances.
Speclal Dispatch to The Call
SIXTH RACE— Mile and an eighth; purse;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 10— Sambo, 116 (Crawford)... 0 2 2 13
10 to 1— Easter Walt., 78 (J.Hnsy)4 1 V, 2 «
15 to 1— Salivate, 86 (Perkins) I 32 3h
Time, 1:55. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, P. M; Civiirs b. h. (5) by St. Saviour-
Jo?le W. Miss Eon 98, Edgardo 99. Barca 98.
Mayor Graham 101, Nettle Regent 102, finished
as named. t ¦ ~-
FIFTH RACE— Mile and twenty yards;
purse: three-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. - St. »i Fin.
5to2— Elie. 87 (H. Anderson) 3 34 ll*i
SO to 1— Ivernia. 105 (Stoval) 4 3 >£ 2 n*
4 to 1— Klngstelle, 99 (Perkins). . .1 2n 3 8
Time. 1:14. Start good. Won easily. | Win
ner, L. H. Ezell's ch. g. (3) by St. Carlo-Jude.
Pourquol Pas 10O, Laton t>5. Charlie Grainger
103. Tribes 92, Kieven Bells 101. Lady Match
less 101. Commissioner Foster 111, Nath Wood
cock, 94, Lingo 105, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; purse; tbree
yejr-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
8 to 5— Ice Water, 111 (D. Austin). 3 4 2 In
4 to 1 — Big Ben, 123 (Dale) .1 2h 2n
5 to 1— Autumn Leaves.07(Llndsey)5 3 2 3 8
Time. 1:14. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, T. P. Hayes' ch. m. (5) by Watercress-
Suscot. Floral Wreath 93. Two Lick 104, Mat
tie H 107, finished as narn?d.
THIRD RACE— One mile;, three-year-olds;
purse :
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
2 to 1— Forehand. 105 (Austin)... 2 42 12
9 to 2— K. Elsworth, 1C5 (Watson) 6 22 2"i
ti to 1— F. Collins. 102 (Hennessey) 3 3 2 3 «
Time, 1:43*4. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. O. C. Bennett & Co.'s ch. c. (:J) by
Handsel-Foreseen. Albina 100, W. H. Palmer
102. Pathmaster 105. Mohave 105, finished as
named.
SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; two-year
olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
18 to fi— Braden. 107 (Austin).... 1 la 11
4 to.l— M. Young. 107 (Clayton). 2 2 5 2 8
20 to 1— Migs Powell, 104 (Neeley) 3 3 h 3 nk
Time, 1:02',;. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, T. P. Hayes* b. c. (2) by Woolsthorpe-
Edith Uelmont. Mrs. Jack Dolan 104, King's
Trophy 112, finished as named. -
ST. LOUIS, June 14.— In one of the
most exciting finishes of the year. Ice
Water beat Big Ben and Autumn
Leaves to-day in the fair grounds fea
ture event. A neck only separated the
second and third horses, Big Ben being
nipped on the post by a nose. The
racing was up to , form with the ex
ception of the second event, in which
the 1 to 2 choice. King's Trophy, ran
poorly and was unplaced. Despite con
trary reports, Dick Welles was to-day
declared out of the World's Fair handi
cap by Shelby Oliver, wno is Rome
Respass' representative here. Bernays
will carry the p\»rple and white. The
track was in excellent shape and the
attendance was good. Summaries:
' FIRST RACE — Four and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1 — Inflammable, 104 (Cocolo) 1 2 1%lh
10 to 1— Covlna. J12 (Schlekel). .. 3 11 21
4 to 1— J. Randolph, lm (Crawfd) 2 4 1 >43 3
Time, :5ti*i. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner. J. K. Hughes' ch. g. (2) by Donald
D-Makkahl. Fred Presmeyer 104, The Drug
gist 104. A. Muskody 1,12, Gavlnc 112, St.
Malo 109, Dr. Nash • 100. Loyal Street 109.
Colonel Simpson 112, finished as named.
(Special Dispatch to The Call.
MUXE0E EASES HIS WORK
NEW TBACK MAY OPEN
BOSTON BEATS CHICAGO
Three Horses Finish Heads
Apart in the St. Louis
Feature Event.
Defeats Africander and.Eu
genia Burch, Running the
First Mile in 1:39 1-5.
Doctor Announces the Swell
ing Must Be Lanced to
Expedite Its Healing
Beau Ormonde Beats Ana
nias a Head in a Sensa
tional Kace. -
New Tork Fields Well Be
hind Taylor and St. Louis
Has No Chance to Win
Chicago Police Officials
Tell of Their Plans to
Stop All Speculation
Iola Is Given the Place of
Honor in California Club's
Eleventh Annual Eegatta
CANNOT WAGER
ON THE DERBY
INJURED KNEE
MENDS SLOWLY
HERMIS RUNS A SENSATIONAL RACE
IN BROOKDALE HANDICAP AT GRAVESEND
GIANTS AGAIN
LEAD IN RACE
MANY YACHTS
IN CLUB RACE
THE: SAN FRANCISCO CALL,: WEDNESDAY, JUNE ;15; 1904.
CHAMPION JEFFRIES MAY REMOVE TO OAKLAND AT ONCE FOR TREATMENT
REVENUE OFFICIAL, VISITS.— Internal
Revenue Collector David M. Dunn at Portland,
Or..' is visiting this city.
Rubber Ankles, winner of last year's
Waterloo and, one of the most famous
greyhounds in America, is, dangerous
ly ill with la grippe at the Colma ken
aels of James Sweeney.
Noted Greyhound Has La Grippe.
The championship game of base
ball between the employes of Dun
ham, Carrlgan and Hayden Company
and Baker and Hamilton, played at
the Presidio athletic grounds on Sat
urday, resulted in a victory for the
former by a score of 10 to 8. Avis
of the Dunhams pitched winning ball
from, the start, but five hits being
secured off his delivery, while Hodg
kinson of the Baker & Hamiltons was
hit at will. .
Avis Pitches Winning Ball.
SALT LAKE CITY, June 14.—Um
pire Jones of the Pacific National
League, who was arrested before yes
terday's game between Boise and
Salt Lake on ai warrant sworn out by
E. R. Thompson and detained until
too late to officiate at the game, was
discharged from custody, to-day. Jorfe.s
was charged w^th disturbing the
peace, the charge growing out of Sun
day's riot at the ball grounds, when
Jones waa nearly mobbed by the an
gered bleacher crowds. Jones asserts
the charges against him were mali
cious and were intended to keep him
from" umpiring the game. He states
he will bring suit for false imprisori
rhent. Jones will be unable to get to
Boise in time to officiate in the open
ing game there. 'OSM
Umpire Jones Has His Troubles.
Ascot Stakes for Merry Andrew.
LONDON, June 14. — Ascot week
opened to-day ' with brilliant . pros
pects. All the houses in the vicinity
had large parties. King Edward.
Queen Alexandra and the Prince and
Princess of Wales drove in state from
Windsor Castle to the races and met
with a great reception at the course.
The Ascot stakes (a handicap of 20
sovereigns each with 2000 sovereigns
added, two miles), the principal raoe
of the day, brought out a big field of
twenty- two. ' Merry Andrew- won,
Pure. Gold was second and Pradella
was third.. -\ ? r." ?<:;.
Police Commissioners Postpone De
cision of Case Until Meeting
Next Tuesday.
10United Ptatrs Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and lyjw Waters
r.i Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Ray. Published by official euthority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The hlnh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mitislon-rtreet wharf.) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 15. ~~~~~
Pun rises ". 4:47
Sun sett* 7-.:;::
Moon «ets *. 9:09 p. m.
O ITtme! ITimel jTltne Time
o I 1 Ft. 1 f Ft. f Ft. I Ft.
18 6:29!— 1.0 1:4? 4.8 6:20 2.9
H Wl l> w H \V L W
16 0:181 5.7 7:15—0.8 2:27 4.9 7:15 2.9
NOTE — In the above exposition of the* tides
the early morning tides are Blven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column iclvea the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occur*. The heights irlven are in
addition to the soundlnirs of the United States
Coaat Survey Charts, except whyi a minus ( — )
elfsa precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. . The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Th»-r* was no chance made yestenJajr In
Ote'tmtfM <f reinsurance on the veerrls whc»-e
:.c:.-.'s *K*ar'cn the u\-er<Jue lUt. The Jute
"P<>!1*. W'J'J'-n Ulizttbeth. La Rochefoucauld,
l^arro Ix.w and Willy RicJcisere arc quoted at
7 per cent; the Wynford at 15 per cent:
< rowB of Cercnany at 25 and the L*.ura at 1K>
per cent.
TIip Overdue List.
At a meeting: of the trustees of the
Chamber of Commerce, held yester
day, it was resolved that all members
of the organization who may visit St.
Lxmis b« requested to gather as much
Infrmation as possible about the hold
ing: of world's fairs with a view to fur
rjishins assistance in arranging for the
proposed exposition to be held in San
Francisco upon the completion of the
Panama canal. Armer Bros., Scott,
Hue & Co. and E. G. Denniston were
.'admitted to membership in the chaxn
ber. A letter was sent to the Medical
<'<>r.gTe«s requesting _that body to hold
it? nert convention in this city.
Chamtxrr of Commerce Meets.
Tuesday, June 14.
Ptmr North Fork, Nelson, 26 hours from Eu
reka.
Simr F. A. Kllburn, Jahnsen, 7 hours from
j Pert Rodders.
Ftrr.r Rival, Fc»en, 11 hours from Bowena
L«n<*.lr.g\
etmr Pomo. Jacobs. 12 hours from Albion,
via Point Ar*ra 10 hours.
Stmr D<?s;)atch. Levinson. 63 hours from
I Columbia River, bound south, put In for fuel.
Stmr Maggie. Corning. 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Schr Ccnflanxa, Johnson. 16 hours from Not-
I leys Landing. : *: /.
Kchr Fan Buenaventura, Lembke, 4 days
! from Grays Harbor.
S«hr Glenda'.e. GronvoM. 5 daye from Grays
i Harbor.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. 6 honre from Bo
• e6 *' SAILED.
Tuesday, June 14.
XT S stmr Tacoma. Nicholson. triaJ trip.
Stmr City of' Puebla. Jepson. Victoria, B. C.
Stmr Na'varro. Weber. Eureka.. -.
Stmr F. A. Kilburn, iihDMn; Port Rodgers.
fc"tmr Maggie, Corning, Halt ir.oon"' Bay."
Stmr Soutli Coast. Olsen. Casrar.
SHnir Soctia. Johnson. Howcus Landing.
S<tr.:r Despatch. Levinson, San Pedro.
Ptrur Gir>sy, Le;»nd. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Arifo. Dunham. Eel River.
Bktn Retriever. Sloaae. Port Hadlock.
Schr Newark. R< inerUen. Stewarts Point.
Schr Wing and Wing, Grimm. Slujlaw River.
In tow tue Dauntless.
Schr C. A. Klose. Mercier, Fiuslaw River,
in tow tus Dauntless. •
Tug Dauntless, r-hea, Siuslaw RHer, with
echrs Wing ar.d Wing and C. A. Kic-se In tow.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. June 14, 10 p. m. — Weather
feggy; wind west; velocity 20 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
May 21— In lat 37 S. long 48 W, Fr ship
Amira! CeciUe. from Cardiff, for San Fran-
Jur.e 6 — In lat 4.T N. long 10 W, Kr bark
Guitbary, from Rotterdam, for San Franclbco.
DOMESTIC POUTS.
PEATTLE— Arrived June 14— SUnr Mon
tara. hrno; Jun» 0.
Sailed June H— Stmr Dolphin,, fr.r Skaguay.
fcaile<i June 10, 2 p m — liark Abby Palmer,
for Honolulu.
Arrived June 14 — Stmr Rainier, hence June
10; •tmr Al Kl. from .Skatway.
PORT LOS ANG1TLKS— Sailed June 14— Stmr
Kacta Eartara and stmr Alcazar, for tSan
Kraxicisco.
<*OOS BAY— Sailed June 14 — Bktn Tarn
O'thanter. for Ean Francisco.
soi'TH BEND— Arrived June 14— Stmr Se
i Lft--. June 9
SAN DIEGO — Sailed June 14, 3 p m — Stmr
American, for fian Francieco.
HEDOSDO— Arrived June 11 — Stmr Robert
Dollar, from Fan I'edro.
SANTA BARBARA-^- Arrived June 14— fetmr
James S>. Higein*. from Redondo.
Sailed June 14 — Schr Comet, for Grays Har
bor; stmr Jamee B. Hlggln*. for San Fran-
Sailed June 14— Stmr Coos Bay. for San
Pedro.
TATOOSH— Passed . inward June 14— Schr
Borcalir. from Honolulu, for Port Towns*nd;
Nor Ktmr Telius hence June 10, for Ladysmlth.
B C. Outward'— Pchr Charles K. Falk, from
Olympia, for Ban Francisco; echr Salem, from
Olympia, for 6an Pedro. ¦ '
Parsed In June 11— Stmr Mackinaw, hence
Jun»» a. fcr Tacoma.
Passed in June 14 — Stmr- Charles Nelson,
hence June 10, for Seattle;" Ger bark Schur
bek. from Santa Rosalia, for Port Townsend.'
WEKTPORT— Arrived June 14— Stmr Gua
lala. hence June 12.
Kai>.i June 14— Stmr Wcstport, for San
Francusco.
CMHQUA— Arrived June 12— Echr Caroline,
from San Pedro.
POINT TtKYER— Paswd June 14. 1:45 p m—
Bktn Gleaner, from Columbia River for San
Francisco.
BANDON— Sailed June 13— Schr Coquelle,
for- Han PmJro.
PORT - HARFORD— Sailed June 14— Stmr
Coos Bay. icr Ean Pedro.
Arrived June 14 — Etmr Lakmo, from Ta
coroa.
EUREKA«-SaJIed June 14 — Stmr Eureka,
for Ean Francisco.
Sailed June 14 — U 6 etmr Madrona, for San
Francisco; stmr Iaqua. for Ean Francisco
BRISTOL. BAY— Arrived May 4— Ship M P
Grace, hence Apr 14.
HOQUIAM— Bailed June 14— Etmr Shasta, for
Ean Franctsco.
EVERETT — Arrived June 6 — Bktn Charles
F. Crocker, from Ean Pedro.
TACOMA — Balled June 14— Stmr Arizonan
for Honolulu. > .
. PORT TOWNSEND — Sailed June 14 Bark
ARRIVED.
Shipping Intelligence.
Charters
Th« ship Reuce is chartered for lumber rrora
Puget Hound to Melbourne or Adelaide at 40s,
with option of Sydney at 33s 9d.
Ap a result- of the litigation between
roiitendinff oyster companies Judge
Murasky yesterday handed down a
written opinion in the case of Coun
tryman agair.st Darbee et al., in which
he held that it was contrary to the
policy of the law and not authorized
by the code for a holder of stock in
a corporation to vote part of his stock
in person and a part by proxies.
The court said that no condition
could be conceived to make it proper
that an owner of stock should dis
tribute it among several proxies and
thus multiply many fold his presence
find influence at corporation g-ather
ir.ffs.
Judje Murasky Decides That It Is
Afi^lnjt Law for Shareholders
to Do Tiotli.
Tee United States cruiser Tacoma went to
sea yt5ter<!ay fcr a' short cruise. Since her
return from Honolulu tome charges have b«en
n.ad« In her machinery and the object cf
this cruise is to test the quality of the new
work. -l.
Goes on a Cruise.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. FronT Due.
¦^ r^ ata ! Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. June 13
h. Monica 1 Grays Harbor . . „ June 15
Kureka | Humboldt June 15
l.matilia ' Puget Sound Ports IJune 15
American New y O rk IJune 16
Corona i Humboldt , IJune 18
Point Arena.. ¦ Mer.docino & Pt. Arena. I June. 16
Panta T>oi>a...| San Diego & Way PU.iJune 16
J. HipKlns ; FUdondo 'June 16
Coos Bay ; s an p et j ro a \v ay Pts.jjune 17
.«an Jose Xew York via Panama. |Jun« 17
L"*°r i Hamburg &. Way Port*iJune 17
S. Barbara... .gan Pedro 'June 17
«. W. EMer..; Portland & Astoria. ...i June 18
R- Dollar iRedondo June IS
Ar *°--: i EM River Ports June 18
t». Llndau«r..| Grays Harbor June 19
San Pedro j Humboldt Juno 19
Centennial j Seattle & Tacoma June 19
Elizabeth ;Co<juiIle River June 19
Alliance ! Portland & Way Ports. June 19
Pomona ! Humboldt June 19
Sequoia WUIapa Harbor IJune 19
City Pueb'.a.. Puget Sound Ports IJune 20
State of Cal.. ! San Diego &. Way Pts.'June 20
Quec-n i Puiret Sound Ports JJune 2i>
Alameda 1 Honolulu , IJune 21
Korra China & Japan IJune °1
Tomo Point Arena 4: Albion. (June 21
Honita Newport & Way Ports. IJune 21
Ilainitr Seattle A BelllnKham.. IJune 21
North Fork... Humboldt (June 2°
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahulul. Jjune 23
City Panama. Now York via Panama. [June 2.T
Columbia Portland & Astoria (June 23
_^__ TO SAIL.
Stfamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
June 15. {
Samoa ; Los Angeles Ports. 10 amiPler 2
Breakwater. Coos Bay direct... 5 pm Pier 8
.S. Monica. . J Lo» Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
G. Dollar... (Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Pomona iHumboldt |l:30p!Pler 9
Arctic iHumboldt 9 amiPler 2
June 16. |
Coronado. .. Grays Harbor 4 pm|Pier 10
Ttonita Newport & Way... 0 am'Pler 11
Ventura Sydney & Way Ptg. 2 pmlPicr 7
Jennie Prattle A Tacoma.! 5 pm!Pler 20
Columbia... Astoria & Portlandlll am! Pier 24
Arcata ¦ Coos B. & Pt. OrfdJ2 mirier 13
State of Cal. Fan Diego & Way. 8 amipier 11
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion fl pm'Pler 2
North Fork. IHumboldt 5 pm|Pler 20
Jane 17. |
S. Barbara..! Gray* Harbor 4 pm!PIer 2
Eureka iHumboldt ,.. 9 amiPler 13
. Jane 18. I * I
Corona |HumboIdt jl:3OplPier ft
Pi. Arena. ..j Point Arena i 4 pm Pier 2
City Peking. N. Y. via *Panama|12 mlPier 40
Jane 19. | (
S. Rosa S*n Diego &. Way.j 9 amIPier 11
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am'Pler 9
: Jane 20. |
Ran Pedro.. 'Humboldt 10'amlPier 2
Argo. 'Hcl Uiver Ports... 4 pmlPler 2
Coos Cay... jSan Pedro & Way. 9 am|Pter 11
Jane 21. |
Elizabeth... ICoquUIe River 5 pm I Pier 20
G. W. Elder j Astfiila te Portland 11 amiPler 24
Alliance | Eureka & Coo« B. 5 pmlPier 10
June 22. ! | ¦¦
Coptic China &. Japan 1 pmlPler 40
June 23. |
Sequoia jWIIlapa Harbor 4 pmlPlor 20
G. Undauer ! Grays Harbor JPler — .
Jane 84. ' [
Qurrn IPuret Sound- Ports. Ill amiPler- t
Centennial. .1 Seattle & Tacoma. I 5 pmlPler 20
Jane 25. | |
Alameda. .. .Honolulu ill amiPler 7
San Jose IK, Y. via Panama. |12 m| Pier 40
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. Sails.
fity Seattle.. Skaarway & Way Ports. June 15
Santa Ana Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. June 10
XJlrigo Fkagway & Way Ports. June IS
Kpokar.e Skagway & Way Ports.' June 21
Oregon Nome A St. Michael.. June 25
Victoria Nome & Way Portu. . . June 25
Humbnldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. IJune 2*
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. IJune 1\S
Farallon Ekagvray & Way Ports. [June 28 !
OPINION AGAINST VOTING
IN PERSON AND BY PROXY
Movements of Steamers.
The meeting of the Board of Harbor
Commissioners yesterday was mainly
devoted to an enforcement of tha
Woodward law, providing against
trusts or combinations among dealers
in 'produce who do business upon the
waterfront belonging to the State. L.
Scatena A Co., Wolf & Sons and the
American Produce Company were
found guilty upon evidence heretofore
introduced before the board. President
Charles H. Spear and Commissioners
Kirkpatrick and Mackenzie voted
unanimously to revoke the permits of
the three firms. During the discussion
they showed an unswerving resolution
to force the produce dealers to observe
the strict letter of the Woodward act.
President Spear said there was no
spirit of vlndictlveness among the
members of the commission, but that
each of them felt that the firms in>
question had plainly violated the law
and should suffer for it.
The small dealers were ably repre
sented by Attorney Otto I. Wise and
Attorney J. B. Reinstein had charge of
the cause of the debarred firms. Doth
made lengthy arguments and Reinstein
presented an agreement signed by ,'a
number of large produce dealers as*
proof that no discrimination was beins
made against outside dealers. Attorn/y
Wise said this agreement was good
ground for his objection to the re-issu
ing of permits to the firms in question.
The agreement was positive evidence,
he said, of a combination among tha
large produce dealers on the water
front and the board should submit the
agreement to its counsel for his opinion
on the matter. Wise consented to a
stay of revocation of permits until Fri
day morning upon payment by the
three firms of $50 and the films of a
new application. All three firms paid
the $50 and filed applications for new
permits. ih,* ¦; ' '
President Spear was empowered by a
resolution Introduced by Commissioner
Mackenzie to visit the Atlantic ports
and investigate the construction of
¦wharves and other matters that may
be valuable to the commission. He will
leave for the East to-day.
ACCUSED OF COMMITTING
DAYLIGHT BURGLARIES
vereichieva, fishermen, quarreled while
they were at sea in their respective
boats, and an ocean tragedy was avert
ed only by the winds that baffled their
mutual effort to lock gunwales and
fight It to a finish right there. When
they returned to Fishermen's Wharf,
however, they had full and free op
portunity to carve each other; but a
large concourse of expectant compa
triots was treated to nothing more
sanguinary than the utterance of
threats by Antonio and his arrest on
complaint of Vlncenz». Judge Mogan
has given himself until June 25 to pre
pare a decision in the case.
J.S. Herrln, a teamster for the Sig
nal Transfer Company, was Intoxicated
when he drove his horses at breakneck
speed over the crossings on Market
street, between Powell and Kearny,
nor was he sober when his case was
called in Judge Mogan's court. After
his name had been bawled half a dozen
times he rose from a back bench and
approached the bar with such unsteady
gait that the case was remanded till
to-day, as it is not in accord with the
intent or purpose of the law to ar
raign a person who is Inebriated.
Sam Gilmore peladed that he was
not driving at unusual speed when his
steed collided with a car on Market
street, but the animal was "green" and
rather revolutionary. He was sharply
reprimanded for attempting to break
a "green" horse on a public thorough
fare and then he was discharged.
In the case of Peter Hansen it was
the carman who posed as defendant
and the teamster, A. J. Gavlord, as
complainant. Gaylord was steering an
army wagon across the railway track
in the Presidio reservation wnen the
car, of which Hansen was the grip
man, ran into the vehicle, smashing it
and damaging Gaylord to an extent
tha^ necessitated his removal to the
post hospital. Lieutenant W. G. Reed,
officer of the day, had Hansen arrest
ed and placed in the guardhouse, where
he remained until the civil law, per
sonified by Policeman J. J. Berry, took
him in charge and booked him for bat
tery. The case was continued until
July 12, bv which' time Gaylord's In
juries will probably be sufficiently
cured to permit his appearance to tes
tify in Judge Mogan's court.
Edward J. Murphy, who has been
annoying the clergymen of St. Patrick's
Church on Mission street by soliciting
alms when he is intoxicated, was sen
tenced by Judge Fritz to sixty days'
imprisonment.
A silver bass that weighed less than
three pounds engaged the attention of
Judge Mogan and twelve big jurors
for about an hour of the morning ses
sion. The fish was not offered in evi
dence — a sanitary precaution, because
it was defunct when seized several
weeks. ago — but witnesses described ita
appearance a3 It was offered for sale
by Manuel Moggio at 519 Merchant
street and all of them agreed that it
did not look to be up to the weight
prescribed by ordinance. The jury,
however, opined that Mr. Maggio was
not the original lawbreaker as to that
particular bass, since he had purchased
it from a fisherman who guaranteed
that it met all the legal requirements.
The verdict was not guilty. .
« .
On motion of Attorney Johnson, for
the defense, the jury impaneled in the
case of E. B. Sproat, charged with de
frauding creditors, was discharged by
Judge Fritz and a venire issued for
seventy-five new talesmen. The case
will be again taken up next Mon
day.
John Burke is accused of stealing a
pair, of shoes from a Hayes-street foot
wear store and Judge Mogan has con
tinued the case till to-morrow to give
the police time to capture a man who
was with Burke when the alleged lar
ceny was committed. The complainant
said that the two men . entered the
store together, one of them equipped
with a valise, and that while the sales
woman's attention was engaged by one
visitor the other stole the shoes and
dropped them into the bag. Burke re
cently came here from Seattle and
seems about to =uccumb to tubercu
losis.
Fred Moller, Alias .Michaels, an Ex-
Convict, Arrested and Booked
on Three Charses.
Three charges of burglary were
booked at the City Prison yesterday
against Fred Moller, alias Michaels, an
ex-convict, and the police have not
yet finished with their investigation
as to the number of his offenses. * H-s
is a daylight burglar. His mode of
operation is to ring the doorbell of a
house. If no one responds he effects
an entrance.
He was arrested on Sunday by Po
licemen Quarles and Jackson. De
tectives Harper and Armstrong hav*
since learned that he entered the resi
dence of Mrs. Reynolds, 1213 Lagun;*
street, on June 3: that of D. Bernstein.
176 # 8 Sutter street, on June 5. ami
Miss Mary Golden's. at 2355 Pine
street, on June 7. From *>ach he stole
a quantity of silverware. Walter F.
Warden, 395 Haight street, also iden
tified him as a man "he discovered
crawling through a window of his res
idence on Sunday afternoon. May 29.
Moller, on December 28, 1901. was
sentenced to serve two years in San
Quentin for burglary for entering th«
store of II. Hoshimo, 881 Eddy street,
and on December 4. 1903, he was sen
tenced to six months in the County
Jail for stealing a watch.
Giinther*s Case Argued.
Superior Judge Sloss yesterday took
under consideration the application of
Edward W. Gunther against the Po
lice Court for a writ of review and
certiorari of the action by which he
was arrested upon a charge of jury
bribing. The warrant was issued by
Police Judge Fritz at the instance of
David J. Kelley, a member of the jury
trying Nguen Lun and other China
men for murder. Kelley alleged that
Gunther offered him a bribe of $150.
Gunther claims that the warrant for
his arrest was unconstitutional. Ar
guments were made by William Hoff
Cook for the plaintiff and by Assistant
City Attorney Isaac Harris for the
Police Judges.
Damages for Malpracth-e.
Seraflna Barsiand her children, who
sued Dr. Camillio Bursottl for $10,000
for altered malpractice, were yester
day awarded judgment for $250 by a
jury in Superior Judge Kerrigan's
court. Mrs. Barsi alleged that her
husband, Americo Barsi, was injured,
sustaining a compound fracture of the
leg and internal hurts, and thai be
cause of the unskillful treatment of
Dr. Barsotti Barsi did not recover.
The suit was hotly contested.
We have to report that Frank H. Irvine,
s»n olU-r err.i ioyed on the Oceanic Steamship
Company's steamer Vrntura, while on h-r
last voyage from Sydney to Ban Francisco,
during the 4 to S watch, about 3 o'clock p- nu
on the evenlns of May 2<j\ 1VHH. while in lat
itude 2 degrees .".6 minute* pouth. and lcngi
tude 163 d^Kreea 2» minutts • west, and
between Pago Pago and Fanning - Island?.
fell Into the crank pit while the en :
gines were running full »DftJ and met his
death. The engines at the time were in
charge of Robert Hill, second assistant
engineer who heard a thud, but no outcry.
He immediately s'.orped the engines to ascer
tain the cause. He, found Mr. Irvine with
hi* £kull fractured and Bretumably dead in
the bottom of the crank pit. The shlo's sur
g*-cn was Immediately called and pronounced
him dc-afi. whereupon the body wa» properly
jr^pared fcr burial at sea.
OwlnK to the steamier having facilities to
bring the body to port in gixxi condition ar.<1
the protestations of the engineer* against a
st-a burial, the body was brought to San Fran
cisco. After the Inauest was held th* body
was Interred at Oakland. Cal.
On June 4 we made a personal ex
amination of the engines on the Ventura and
found that all the necessary hand-rails were
In position, anU, together with the sworn
fctattrotnts cf T. W. Lawrence, the chief
tr.jinetr, and Robert Hill, the second as
sistant engineer, that the^e safety rails were
in the same condition at the time Mr. Irvine
lost his life, there can be no doubt that he
accidentally met his death while attending
to his duties as oil^r en said steamer; and
we therefore exonerate the licensed officers of
said fteamer and ail other* conn<tted here
with. •
United States Inspectors John K.
Bulger and O. F. Bolles made the fol
lowing report yesterday to Supervising
Inspector John Bermingham:
Ventura Accident Investigated.
Three commission firms doing busi
ness on the water front were deprived
of their permits yesterday by the
Board of Harbor Commissioners. They
are L. Scatena & Co., Wolf & Sons and
the American Produce Company. Sub
sequently they obtained a stay until
Friday morning upon the payment oC
a $50 fine and the filing of an appli
cation for a new permit. At 11 o'clock
Friday morning the Harbor Comniis
sioners will pass upon the applications
and determine whether or not the
firms will be allowed to continue buy
ing and selling produce upon the
property of the State.
Arthur S. Luce said that Sonoma
County will send fruit to this city for
the visitors from the East and .will
also forward fruit to St. Louis. Man
ager Briggs was requested to provide
for the collection of fruit for St. Louis
and for the visitors to this city. When
the. Knights Templar are here there
will be a special entertainment for
them on the part of the State Board
of Trade and the Odd 'Fellows will
also be entertained.
Commissioner Filcher reported that
recommendation on the part of the
California Board of Trade would have
weight to secure the appointment of
representative Calif ornians upon the
juries that will make awards in the
several classes of exhibits at the St.
Louis Exposition. He believed that
President N. P. Chipman of the board
would be the best man in the State to
pass upon horticultural exhibits. He
complimented the forestry exhibit at
St. Louis, which was prepared under
the direction of Mr. Mills. The entire
cost' to the State for making that ex
hibit was but $1200.
S. F. Booth reported that the
Knights Templar Conclave will bring
from 15,000 to 30,000 visitors to San
Francisco in September, and that the
visiting Odd Fellows, who will come
directly after, will number about the
same. He suggested that fruit should
be distributed to the visitors at that
time.
On motion of John P. Irish the
board voted to do what it could to
promote the erection of a tourist hotel
in Oakland. It was voted to leave
to the manager of the board the pub
lication in pamphlet form of the
article that recently appeared in The
Call under the signature of W. H.
Mills concerning the hydrography of
the Sacramento River.
A epecial subject had been set for
discussion by the board, this beins the
re-ceding the Yosemite by the State of
California to the national Government.
Past President McNoble-of the Native
Sons of the Golden West was to have
been present to present the merits of
the case to the board, but he was ill
and the matter accordingly went over
until the next monthly meeting. Di
rector John P. Irish made some forci
ble remarks about the manner in which
the Tosemite and the national reserva
tion surrounding the Yosemite have
been treated at times by the State and
Federal officers. Probably it would ba
better if the Interior Department had
nothing to do with the Yosemite, he
said. The management by the State and
national authorities that have had cus
tody of the Yosemite and the surround
ing reservation had been either in
famous or Idiotic.
W. H. Mills called attention to the
State's new park in the Big Basin. It
was due to his presentation of facts
that it was voted to have an excursion
to that place. Mr. Mills said that the
facilities for accommodating guests
over night ,and for feeding them are
not extensive, but he felt certain that
the people of Santa Cruz, who desire
to have Santa Cruz the point of de
parture for the Big Basin, would pro
vide tents and other necessaries. The
State commission would co-operate
that the Big Basin might be seen by
the excursionists. '% ;
OAKLAND'S NEW HOTEL.
The question of sending on fresh fruit
to the California Commissioners to be
used as exhibits was discussed. Arthur
Luce and Mr. McDonald of Sonoma
County reported that steps had been
already taken in Sonoma County by
the Sonoma County Board of Trade to
have Sonoma fruits sent on. Manager
Briggs paid Mr. Dennison, who is
wanted at St. Louis, the compliment of
saying that his services might be neces
sary in California to provide that fresh
California fruits for shipment to the
California Commissioners shall be
properly packed and prepared for dis
play. Mr. Dennison is an acknowledg
ed expert in the handling of fruit. It
was finally left to the discretion of
Manager Briggs to determine whether
it would be better for the interests of
the State to send Mr. Dennison to St.
Louis or to keep him at work in Cali
fornia in connection with exhibits to be
forwarded to St. Louis.
The California State Board of Trade
decided yesterday to .have two excur
sions, one to St. Louis in October to
carry a California party to the exposi
tion; the other excursion to be to the
BIr Basin in Santa Cruz County, the
latter party to be limited to 100 persons.
J. A. Filcher appeared before the board
and made a long and interesting state
ment relating to the condition of the
California exhibits in the various de
partments of the St. Louis show, and
also 'made a suggestion concerning the
ways in which the board can assist the
California Commission to St. Louis.
Commissioner Filcher said that an
exhibit without sufficient attendants to
explain all about it to those who in
quire loses much of its value. He de
sired that the board should provide for
sending George Dennison, the assist
ant secretary of the board, to St. Louis
at once, to remain there something
like two months. He also wished that
President N. P. Chipman, Manager A.
R. Briggs and others of the board
should visit St. Louis later, each spend
ing considerable time at the show and
working there for the good of the Stats
In conjunction with the Commissioners.
In his opinion the board could, through
its representatives,, do much at St.
Louis, probably even more than in San
Francisco at this time.
FRESH FRUIT EXHIBITS.
I beUeve that Snow's influence over the un
fortunate fellow is hypnotic At time? when I
have eeen them together Goldman would al
raoat s«a to obey unexpressed wishes of
fne». He has made & bankrupt of himself
. .*• of thia ft i arc* spell, and all to Snow's
; :•. 2.r.tajrp. My client even paid the ex-ilayor a
laundry bills.
I think that there is no doubt of Goldman's
ir.far'.ty. That, cf course, will be the plea.
Goldman was almost a nervous wreck
when seen last night. He 6eemed un
able to collect his faculties and his face
was ghastly. The shifty eyes that can
meet no steady gaze wandered help
lessly about the prison as he mumbled.
• I don't know why I did it. He was
my best friend."
Goldman's case was postponed until
Paturday. when some definite opinions
on Snow's condition are expected. The
charge against Goldman is assault to
murder.
X adrrit that my client is an unpleasant
p-yehoicgical rrr>ble;n. but there is something
to I- said on his *,••>. Snow had a ctrange
Influence over bim and used It to his financial
¦ilraauxa. I know and can iirove that (or
\ «¦*!¦* Snow has systematically bled my client.
I myse.f witnessed some transactions between
them wh*r*by Snow enriched himself to the
extent cf several thousand*.
Goldman, the half-witted assailant of
the former Mayor, spent a sleepless
night at the City Prison Tuesday. He
moaned continually and paced his cell
like a frightened animal. Yesterday
morning he appeared before Judge
Mogan to be instructed as to
bis rights. In the court room he
vas nervous !>ut not violent. He re
tained sufficient composure to mumble
answers, but his fishy eyes avoided
every glance. When removed to his
cell he collapsed entirely.
Attorney Frank Murphy, who ap
peared for the prisoner, was exceed
ingly titter against Snow. He said:
The condition of ex-Mayor R. W.
Bnow, who was shot down by Adolph
Goldman on Tuesday evening, was
Flig-htly better yesterday and Dr. Frank
Knorp expressed some hope of re
covery. An attempt to locate the bul
lets was unsuccessful, but Snow wa3
cheerful and teemed to grow stronger
toward evening. The physicians at the
Waldeck Sanatorium, where the wound
«d man Is lying, agree that his life will
totter in the balance for a week. His
daughter. Miss Gertrude Snow, remains
near him.
Assailant's Lawyer Thinks
That Snow Held Client
Under a Hypnotic Spell
Says Suggestions Should Be
Made for Jurors to Act
at St. Louis World's Fair
Short Respite Is Granted
Upon Payment of Fines
With New Applications
Antonio Balestro and Vlncenzo El-
Mark Schleiber and Lena Hecht lived
and loved in the. East ere they 'lived
and quarreled in San Francisco. Lena
told Judge Mogan that it was Mark
who started the dissension that cul
minated in her leaving him. Then he
pursued her all over the city, ' she
added, until he brought her to bay in
a saloon at 109 Powell street, where he
was threatening to decapitate her with
a large knife when Detectives Mul
cahey and Taylor rescued her and ar
rested him. Mark pleaded that his sole
object in pursuing and threatening
Lena was to recover clothing belong
ing to him which she had taken away
with her from his apartment. The case
was continued till to-day.
When the Latin quarter hears that
Mary Cuneo, chronic disturber of the
peace and defendant in Police Court,
Is in her cups and on the warpath,
there is a general scurrying for cover
behind barred doors. The bravest spirit
in all that brave district prefers com
pulsory seclusion to encountering
Mary's tongue and fists. So it came to
pass that when shte started out to
find a fight last Monday afternoon her
quest was vain. Little Italy fled at
her approach as chaff scatters before
the wind. It was in sheer desperation,
therefore, that she decided to seek a
"scrap" where a "scrapper" was cer
tain to be found. She went to the sa
loon owned and presided over by Toby
Irwin, the well-known lightweight
pugilist, and smashed a window by
way of a challenge. But ill fortune
attended the experiment. Irwin prob
ably had "heard of her fistic prowess,
or it may have been that he considered
it Indiscreet to go out of his class and
give away so muclA weight (she tips
the beam at 183 pounds) ; but, whatever
his reason, he side-stepped the defl and
had the Amazon arrested. Judge Fritz
will sentence her to-day for malicious
mischief.
Judge Cabaniss dismissed the charge
of assault with intent to do bodily
injury which Edmund E. Coblentz, a
newspaper reporter, had entered
against former Police Sergeant Reuben
E. Wolf, and then the defendant was
Immediately rearrested on a charge of
battery sworn- to by the same com
plainant before Judge Fritz. Wolf's
bail was fixed at $1000, and he fur
nished it.
The original charge was dismissed
because the testimony was insufficient
to prove it. but there is ample evi
dence to support the accusation of
battery. Wolf will be arraigned be
fore Judge Fritz this morning.
Policeman Hemenez testified that on
Monday afternoon he was summoned
by telephone to hasten to the
rear of the saloon at 547 How
ard street, where he would see
something worth witnessing and cer
tainly entitled to his official attention.
He hastened as requested, and at the
place designated found Mrs. Cecilia
Hughes of 44 Harriet street and. Mrs.
Kitty Moore of 611% Jessie street danc
ing for the entertainment of a small
but select group of spectators. Includ
ing some children. The dance was- en
hanced in effectiveness by the scant
costume of the dancers. When ar
rested Mrs. Hughes resolutely de
clined to don any more cloth
ing, but Mrs. Moore, who was less
intoxicated and more amenable to rea
son, did consent to put on her skirt
and shoes. In that condition they were
conveyed to prison in a patrol wagon.
When the women were arraigned be
fore Judge Mogan they had not en
tirely recovered from the effects •' of
their imbibing,' and with arms inter
locked they swayed unsteadily before
the bar and pleaded not guilty. His
Honor promptly ordered their removal.
They will be sentenced to-day.
The rare spectacle of a jury of two
hearing testimony and returning a
verdict was seen yesterday in Police
Judge Cabaniss' court. William Dan
iels and Fred Hahn, apprentice har
nessmakers, were the defendants,
whom Joseph Rico of 38 Rausch
street accused of peace disturbance
and battery. He testified that he ac
cepted employment in a Front-street
harness factory from which they had
retired because their demand for higher
wages had been refused, and that on
June 8 they assaulted him after he had
declined to resign his position. They
pulled him off a street car and called
him insulting names, he said. The de
fense was a denial of the charges, and
the verdict was acquittal after the two
good men and true had been locked up
for seven minutes.
It was the contention of the rival
attorneys that resulted in reducing the
panel to two members. The legal rep
resentative of the Citizens' Alliance
conducted the prosecution, and Walter
Gallagher was retained by the Har
nessmakers' Union, so the case, al
though trivial in itself, possessed all
the interest that attaches to any con
flict between the advocates and op
ponents of the "open shop." There
was a venire of . fifty to draw from,
but none of the men swprn seemed
eager to serve, and finally the situation
reached a point when It meant either
proceeding to trial with a jury of two
or trying a new venire. So the attor
neys agreed to go ahead with the duo
in the box, consisting of F. Beckstein
of 1561 Market street and S. G. Mosti
of 54 Seventh street.
Neither of the jurors seemed to
relish the responsibility that was so
puddenly thrust upon them, and one
of them so Informed the Judge.
"My dear sir," said His Honor, "you
have only to imagine that you have
eleven companions instead of one, and
to base your finding upon the evidence.
Then the rest will be easy. How would
you like to .sit -here day after day,
as I do, and assume entire responsi
bility of deciding the guilt or inno
cence of a defendant, instead, of shar
ing it with another, as you do in this
case?"
The juror replied that one-half of
the responsibility was as much as he
cared to shoulder.
The Ho-lliswood left Newcastle, Aus
tralia, 109 days ago with a cargo of
coal for this port. When a voyage
lasts beyond a certain period coal be
comes more or less of a dangerous
cargo and the longer It Is confined in
the ho-ld of a ehip the more liable is
it to spontaneous combustion.
The Holliswood was spoken off this
port May 25 by the bark Prussia. The
position of the speaking was not re
ported, but the Prussia was at the
time seven ' days out from this poTt
and has arrived since at Grays Har
bor. The Holliswood was short of pro
visions and was supplied by the Prus
sia with what was thought to be suffl
cient'to last her to port.
; Captain Tuttle, commander of the
Daniel Manning, is engaged in the in
vestigation of the collision between the
steamer Bear and the schooner Spo
kane. If the Hoiriswood does not ap
pear at the conclusion of the investi
gation the Manning will go forth and
search the seas for the overdue bark. •
The American bark Holliswood * Is
causing those Interested in her some
anxiety and If 8he does not arrive
within the next few days the United
States revenue cutter Daniel Manning,
Captain Tuttle. will leave here In
search of her.
Diamond Head, for Peru; bark Abby Palmer,
for Honolulu.
ISLAND PORTS.
MANILA— Sailed Jun» 13 — Schr Crescent,
for Port Townsend.
HONOLULU— Sailed Jun« 14— Bark R. P.
.Rlthet. tor San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER- Passed June
15 — Br bark Inverneseshlre. from London, for
Philadelphia.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MOJI— Arrived May 17 — Ger stmr Arabia,
from Orecon.
Sailed June 1— Br stmr Kelvin, for Hollo.
PUNTA ARENA— Sailed May 2S— Ger stmr
Memphis, for Hamburg; Ger stmr Mera. for
Hamburg.
CHERBOURG — Sailed May 23— Fr bark Le
Filler, for San Francisco.
CADIZ— Sailed May 30— Ger stmr Abydos,
for San Francisco.
IPSWICH— In port May 26— Fr ship Beran
gere. for San Francisco, via Tyne.
IQU1QUE— Arrived May 26 — Ger ship Omega
from Newcastle. N. S W.
LIMERICK— Arrived June 13— Nor ship An
dortnha, from Oregon.
HAMBURG— Sailed June 10— Ger ship
Schwarzenbek. for Santa Bbsalla.
In port May 21 — Fr bark Bougainville, for
Portland.
MA NZAXILLO— Sailed June 14— Bark Chal
lenger, for Port Townsend.
USHANT — Arrived off June 3 — Ger itmr
Nicana, from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
VALPARAISO— In port June 2— Br bark
Pas* of Brander, for . *
YOKOHAMA— In port Apr 26— Ital bark Re
gina Allna, for I'ucet Sound.
COLOMBIA— Arrived May 24— Br stmr Klsh,
from Manila, for New York.
HARWICH— In port May 27— Br ship Chll
tonford for San Francisco, via Tyne.
GIBRALTAR— Passed June 11— Span stmr
Isla de Luzon, from Liverpool, for Manila.
HAKODATE— Sailed June 13— Fr bark Bay
ard, for San Francisco.
BEACH Y HEAD— Papsed June 13— Br stmr
Machaon. from Antwerp for Puget Sound.
VICTORIA— Arrived June H— Br itmr Tar
tar, from Hongkong; Br stmr Caithness, hence
June S. • .
Sailed June 14— Br stmr Hyson, for Liver
pool: Br etmr Empress of Japan, for Yoko
hama and Hongkong.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 14— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm Aft Grosse, from Bremen, Southamp
ton and Cherbourg; stmr -Neapolitan Prince,
from Naples and Palermo; stmr Zeeland, from
Antwerp; stmr Rotterdam, from Rotterdam
and Boulogne; stmr Laurentlne. from Glas
gow, passed Nantucket lightship at 2 p m.
Sailed June 14— Stmr Kaiser Wilhelm II, for
Bremen, via Plymouth and Cherbourg; stmr
Armenian, for Liverpool; stmr Potsdam, for
Rotterdam, via Boulogne; stmr Germania, for
Marseilles and Naples; stmr Carpathla, for
Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 14— Stmr Cor
nishman, from Portland.
Sailed June 14 — Stmr Auranla, for New
York, via Queenstown.
ANTWERP— Arrived June 14— Stmr Vader
land. from New York.
LONDON— Arrived June 14— Stmr Florence,
from St. John. N. B. June 13— Stmr Mlnne
tonka. from New York.
CHRISTIANIA — Palled June 10 — Stmr
IlPk.a. from Copenhagen, etc., for New York.
GENOA— Eallrd June 11 — Stmr Lombard! a,
from Naples, etc.. for New York.
AUCKLAND— Arrived June 14— Stmr So
noma, from San Francisco, via Honolulu for
Sydney. N. P. W.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior June 14— Stmr
America Maru. from San Francisco and Hono
lulu via Shanghai.
HYPNOTISM A FEATURE
WOODWARD LAW HOLDS
If the Bark Holliswood Does' Not Put In an Ap
pearance Within the Next Few Days the Dan
iel Manning Will Be Dispatched to Look for Her
Harbor, Commissioners Take
Determined Action Against
.Combine of Produce Buyers
Non-Union Harnessmaker Has Two Apprentices Ar
rested, for Disturbing His Peace— Difficulty
in Getting a Panel Develops Unique Situation
Adolph Goldman's Victim Is
Not in Immediate Danger
of Death From Shooting:
FILCHER MAKES REPORT
Two Excursions ArePlanned,
; One to Exposition and One
to StateVBig Basin Park
TIMELY TOPICS
ENGAGE BOARD
THREE PERMITS
ARE RECALLED
JURY OF TWO HEARS TESTIMONY
AND ACQUITS IN SEVEN MINUTES
REVENUE CUTTER MAY BE SENT
IN SEARCH OF OVERDUE VESSSEL
EX-MAYOR SNOW
MAY GET WELL
i ..¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE- 15, 1904.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
: June 14. 1904.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I. «.. at noon of the 120th meridian or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i Eastern
Excursions
DATES— June 15, 16, 22, 23.
August 8, 9, 10. 18, 19.
LIMITS — Good going on day
of sale, with stopover east
of California; transit limit
10 days. Good 93 days for
return; stopover anywhere.
SEE GRAND CANYON
ROUTES — Santa Fe and con-
nections going. Different
route returning if desired.
RATES—
St. Louis and return $67.50
Chicago- ;„ $72.50
New York ; " $108.50
Boston " $109.50
Philadelphia " $107.50
A'nd other Kaatern Points.
These rates for direct lines.
TRAINS— Tickets are good
on all Santa Fe trains,
including the California
Limited semi-weekly.
ASK US. '
BAVTA TE OrrZCS— 641 Market St.
OAKLAITD— 1112 Broadway.
EEEZILET — Saat* 7« Depot.
SANTA FE IS THE WAY.
*'_ V ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Tnio^Gas Engines
in use in 3-criiiwBZ» "txitxoh" MAsmi: zaronriL
this port than those of all other makes combined. They are fitted to
run on gasoline, benzine, naphtha or distillate. Special fittings for
kerosene and crude oil. Send for our catalogues, stating requirements.
UnionGasEnjIne fompany^^^THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', WEDNESDAY, JUNE 15, 1904,
12
AtTTOMOBn.ES. t
AUTOMOBILES— Livery, garage and sales-
moms; automobiles of every description
Iwught and sold; -will buy or ?ell K-con.t-
hano machines. See us before ttfll tfo any-
thing with your machine. Phone South U*2.
Pacific States Automobile Co.. 217 Ellis st.
WANTED To buy an automobile In 1 flrst-class
condition: must be reasonable; gasoline rre-
ferred. Box 755, Call office.
FOR sale cheap — A white Stanhcpe automobile
in first-class running order. Box 604,
OLDSMOBILE for sale; $350; In first-class
running order. Box 6S9, Call office.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $3500- CORNER saloon; close to Sutter st.;
place ««tab years; doing an excellent busi-
ness; lease; rent $115; net rent $48; elegant
fixture*. See R. G. WILKE, 26Vfr Kearny.
A— $15,000; BARROOM; owner never clears
less than $1000 per month; location and busi-
ness can't be beat. See It. G. WILKE, 2«Vi
Kearny at.
A— $S0O; PARTNER wanted In office of manu-
facturer's agent; a flrst-class offer for good
man- $500 to be Invested In business; office
clears about $250 per month. See R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny at.
A— $700; BAKERY across the bay; established
years and doing a first-class paying stora
trade: value In sight. All particulars It.
O. WILKE. 26 hi Kearny at.
A— $C0O; YOUNG and active man wanted to
run grill room in one of the finest barrooms
In this city; no rent to pay; references want-
ed. See R. G. WILKE. 20H Kearny et.
A — $1100; CORNER grocery and bar 00 choic-
est location of Devlsadero St.; must be sold
at once, on account of death In family; lease;
rent $37 60; a splendid and rare chance. See
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $2250; CORNER saloon on Montgomery St.;
established many years: rent $36; lease; a
good-paying place and well advertised. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st
A— $2200; ROADHOUSE! Roadhouse'. Road-
house! With 13 furnished rooms; rent $40;
lease- a flrst-class paying resort. See R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $SO0; CORNER saloon; rent $20; a splendid
location In the Mission: place doing a busi-
ness of about $15 per day. R. G. WILKB.
2CV» Kearny st.
A — $3500; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery st.. vicinity of
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
count of HI health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. 26«4 Kearny st.
A— $450: BARBER shop: 3 chairs; best location
in the Mission: rent $15. See R. G. WILKE,
»6M Kearny. »t. .
A— $2500; SALOON; choicest location on Mar-
ket St.; low rent; good lease; elegant fix-
ture* and a flrst-class paying business. Call
R. O. WILKE; 26% Kearny s^
A — $600; CHOPHOUSE and coffee saloon, opp.
cable house; place estab. years, with steady
and transient customers; owner clears about
$175 per month. See R. G. WILKE. 26>4
Kearny st.
A — DRUGSTORE, drugstore, drugstore; nrlre
$4500: established 27 years; lease 5 years:
rent $60; one of the best paying store* In this
city; owner to retire. Call R. O. WILKE,
204 Kearny st.
A— $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
rooms, kitchen and dining-room. 37 beds,
good furniture: lease; place paying well. .See
H. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny St.
A— $2CO0; SALOON, vicinity Market. SHU and
Btockton sts. ; rent $150; lease; place estab-
lished years; first-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny Bt.
A— $350; BRANCH bakery and delicatessen
store with 4 rooms; rent $25; fine location;
rood business. See R. G. WILKE, 2t>H
Kearny st.
A — $375 cigar stand, transfer corner; rent $25;
good paying place. K. G. Wllke. 26H Kearny
A SALOON and cafe In Watsonville, the best
town en the Pacific Coast, and the best pay-
Ing business In Watsonville. This place is
elegantly fitted up with all the modern con-
veniences, has a lease for 8 years, cheap
rent, best location In town; this Is a chance
cf a lifetime; don't wait, as it will not be
en the market very long. Call, write or
phone GRAHAM £ SMITH, real estate and
Insurance agents. Watsonville, Santa Cruz
County. Cal.
RESTAURANT seating LI people and flat
above: 6 rooms; 6 years' lease; located near
large factories and lumber yards; cause sick-
ness. MERCHANTS' AGENCY, 1008VS Mkt.
$150 — BRANCH bakery and delicatessen store;
good trade; fine location; j>old at a sacrifice;
please Investigate. MERCHANTS' AGENCY,
lOOS'i Market st.
$1200— GROCERY and barroom; well stocked;
prominent corner. Including 3 flats paying
half rent: 5 . years' lease; rent $70; price
$1200: cause. sickness. MERCHANTS'
AGENCY. 10CSV4 Market st.
SPLENDID BUSINESS OPENING.
CHANCE TO BE YOUR OWN BOSS.
LEARN THE REAL ESTATE BUSINESS.
Start in for yourself; only $27 capital re-
quired. We teach you the business, appoint
you our special representative, furnish large
list of salable property, co-operate with and as-
sist you to earn from $3000 to $5000 annually.
Write for particulars. HARRY W. CROSS &
CO.. 204 Tacoma bldg.. Chicago.
PACIFIC Real Estate Co.. 1015 Market st.
$115; cigar store, at corner saloon.
$1V>; branch bakery and variety; act quickly.
$600; restaurant, clearing $50 a week.
$900; saloon, on busy street; near market.
$425: no competition: grocery and liquors.
$350 SECURES '4 Interest In fine paying com-
mission business clearing SIM monthly to
each; references exchanged: experience un-
necessary, but muFt be sober and reliable.
Particulars, 1007 >4 Market St.. room 1.
CHARCOAL burners — We have 200 acres
heavy oak. ma.nzH.nlta and madrone timber
to tjrn into charcoal; will sell for royalty
cr percentage; three miles from R. R. ; down
hill; easy to reach. Hermosa Ranch Co.'.
Cloverdate. Cal.
HOTEL for sale In a good business town In
San Joaquln Valley; building contains 52
rooms, office, bar. billiard and card rooms;
house and furniture In flrst-claas condition;
will sell reasonable and en easy terms or lot
cash. Box 822. Call office.
BARGAIN— $300; Icecream, confectionery, ba-
kery and stationery store, good for young
couple; 2 nice living rooms; part of house-
bold goods; rent $12; sickness cause of sell-
!nr; Investigate. Address box 1211. Call
office. Oakland.
FOR tale — Coffee, tea and spice route over
IS years' standing; selling on account of re-
tiring from business. For particulars In-
quire at 119 Front St., between 11 a. ' m.
and 1pm.
WASTED — A partner with about $400 in a
business that will pay big every month, in
raising an article that Is In demand in al-
most every restaurant. Particulars, box
2S28. Call office.
$300—50 ROOMS; 40 rooms furnished; rent $30
Exclusively Berg-Armstrong Co.. 318 Kearny.
$S5TiO— SALOON, near Market; doing fine busi-
ness; reason for selling; reasonable rent, long
lease, right party. Berg-Armstrong.318 Kearny.
TIMBER claim In Northern California for sale
or will trade for San Francisco or Oakland
property. Inquire at room 212. »97 Market
«.. S. F.. or room 6, 861 Broadway, Oakland.
LODGING-HOUSE In San Francisco to trade
for residence property In Oakland. Inquire
at room 212. ft97 Market St., 8. F., or room
6. 861 Broadway, Oakland.
PARTNER wanted— To assist In office work;
rr.pltal required. $300; office will pay $280 to
$300 per month; references exchanged. Box
3529. Call offlce v •
$2000— BONA fid> bargain In new enterprise;
sure to make $3000 to $5000 year; monopoly
on goo** selling at a large profit; chance of
a lifetime. For particulars, box 1072. Call.
A NICELY located restaurant for sale, situ-
ated among large lodging houses. I am com-
pelled to leave the State or would not think
of selling. Box 764. Call office.
I AM anxious to get Into the grocery business
in San Francisco. If you have one for sale
please address with full particulars, price,
etc.. box 811. Call office.
BAKERY In Oakland doing $70 each business
per day; $1600; part cash and will take bal-
ance out In trade. Address box 1210. Call
office. Oakland. ¦
BUTCHER shop: $350: rare opportunity; goodl
business; owner must go to country; call be-
fore Saturday. Inquire at 2S65 Clay st.
"WANTED— Partner to start saloon; small town
near San Francisco: or will buy half Interest;
, no agtnts. Box 3515. Call. ¦.
BARGAIN — Stationery store; fine business;
owntr going East; best location In city. Box
2152. Call \fflce.
GROCERY and family liquor store; 3 living-
rooms; rent $15; good location; going East;
$125; great bargain. Bex 2151. Call office.
PARTNER to go to St. Louis and take half
Inteiest.in business paying from $20 to $50
per day; mutt Have $1000 cash. Box 3519,Call.
CREAMERY for sale; good butter and egg
route with milk and cream trade and a but-
,'• ter plant. Box 3518. Cail.
BUSINESS CHANCFIS Continued.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. corner Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — Well-furnished 6-room ark, moored
one hour's rlda from city; fine chance for
summer outing; also for winter shooting and
fUhing: all modem conveniences; new. one
year; price $22<J0 complete. CAMERON tt
CO.. 3 Eddy ft. ¦_
FOR sale — Well-located bazaar and furnishing
goods business; cheap rent; 6H years' lease;
one of the best transfer corners In city; do-
ing fine business; other Interests cause sale;
price $6000. See CAMERON & CO.^Eddy.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hse. or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Electrical and locksmith business;
central location; established 0 years; reni
$o0; clears $90 to $100 per month: price $500;
must sell on account of other business. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Carriage and wagon factory and
general Jobbing; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern toolsr etc.;
full Investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON & CO.. 8 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st:
DELICATESSEN, dairy, produce and bakery;
established 26 years; good stand. MRS.
MILLER, 423 Fourth st.
FOR Mle — A restaurant In the Mission: trans-
fer corner; place Is paying well. Address
box 687. Call offlo*.
FOR sale — A completely furnished hotel In
Petaluma; rent low; 25 rooms; will sell rea-
sonable. Address box 807, Call of flea.
$275 — CANDY and fine pastry store; 625 Tay-
lor; S nicely furnished rooms and base-
ment; electricity: large stock; bargain.
WANTED — To buy a grocery store across the
bay Oakland. Berkeley or Alameda. Ad-
drees box 877, Call office. -.
A — PARTNER wanted In milk business. Ad-
dress box 851, Call office.
GROCERY and bar for sale. Apply 321
Bryant «t.
SPLENDID chance to bify a well-located, long-
establlshed business. 203 Fourth st.
WANTED— To buy cottage In Oakland. Ad-
dreee box 1507, 1006 Market at.
RESTAURANT, established for 9 years, at
bargr-ln. 1436 Turk st.
$100 — PARTNER wanted to attend counter;
good profit. Call at 229 Fifth st.
HAIRDRESSERS— Call and see my place;
must sell; make offer. 1153 Market st.
CALL route for sale; a fine large Call route
In the city of Alameda. Box 2179, Call.
SALOON and chop house for sale. Inquire at
273-275 Fourth st. JOHN MUHEIRN.
FOR sale — The Union Hotel; manufacturing
town. Benlcla. Cal.
FOR sale— A restaurant in Napa, doing a fine
business. Box 2563, Call office. _
FOR sale — Grocery and bar In Hayes Valley.
Bor particulars, box 838, Call office^
FINE newspaper route for sale. Inquire at
this office.
LOPGI.\G-HOL'SKS FOR SAX.E.
A. CAMERON & CoT Phone South 1060.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
65 rooms;, best downtown commercial house
In city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
In California; must leave city.
, 17 rooms ; rent only $70; fine little apart-
ment-house; sickness; must sell; snap; $700.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; flrst-class.
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us. '
75 rooms; grand new building: elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent: 10 years' lease; close In;
clears $400 per month: $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition:
good leaee.
220 rooms: new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance;
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $500
peV month; to be sold at a bargain on account
of departure.
8 rooms; fine upper flat; rent only $30; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
J45O.
32 rooms: cheap rent; 2 years' lease: fine
downtown location: 2 entrances; everything In
flrst-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets: clearing now $200 per month; If run
transient can clear $300 to $350 per month;
here Is best proposition In city; price $3200.
7-room flat; rent $40: oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
108 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house: has fine
bar; can be run In conjunction If desired;
rare chance for right parties; part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of the house: other busi-
ness Interests demand Immediate departure.
14 rooms; rent only $57; oak furniture: good
carpets; part cash, balance time: price $900.
105 rooms; cheap rent: flrst-class up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished;
little apartment-house; reduced to $1500.'
28 rooms: elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill: doing fine business: will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
21 rooms; corner; rent only $85; oak fur.;
good carpets; housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady: price
$1600.
180 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house: elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month;
close In; full nice people; bargain if taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-t(J-date house; all men; electric . elevator,
lights: long lease: clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys In the city.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses
and business, for vxrhange or trade, always on
hand. A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg:. over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
Rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
JUNE SNAP— 17 rooms; cost $2960 2 years
. ago; swell corner north of Market: large
rooms, splendidly furnished; rent $75; full
of roomers; price $1700; half cash.
MARION GRIFFIN.
HIGH CLASS and very beautifully furnished;
85 rooms; electric elevator; electric lights;
- rent $451; lease for 9 years and 9 months:
building NEW AND MODERN; exclusively
with MARION* GRIFFIN.
N"E. CORNER house of 16 rooms, north of
Market; all rented; but 2 occupied by land-
lady; rent only $32; clears monthly $50;
price $400; half cash. MARION GRIFFIN.
ANOTHER CORNER of 32 rooms, 3 blocks of
Market; rent $100; lease; 3 floors; clears $91;
price $1400; will be worth $3000 before close
of St. Louis World's Fair.
MARION GRIFFIN.
SWELL, respectable house, most beautifully
furnished; extra fine hair mattresses; new
and modern building on sunny corner; 24
rooms; when you see It ytou'll buy it of
MARION GRIFFIN.
MILITARY PRECISION Is noticeable In clean-
liness of this 34-room house; average month-
ly profit $212 50; HI health impels owner to
sacrifice; price put down to $2'XH>.
MARION GRIFFIN..
HONEST, respectable 23-room house full of
nice roomers, who take care of their own
rooms; corner house;, extra sunny; price
$1500; part cash; rent $35.
MARION GRIFFIN. -
HALF-PRICE; worth $1000; will take $500;
II sunny rooms, nicely furnished In oak and
cherry; full of men roomers; north of Mar-
ket; rent $55; Income $90.
MARION GRIFFIN.
SPLENDID 40-room bouse on Sutter st., in the
best possible condition: full of the most de-
sirable people; profit $160 monthly: low rent;
low price; long lease. GRIFFIN.
FINE CHANCE to get the best 100-room new
a and modern house In this city: fine location;
very, fine furnishings; It U thoroughly first
Class MARION GRIFFIN.
!.om;ixc: ii"i«*k.«j for « * T .^. — cnn.
THIRTY rooms, nicely furnished, lease... $3500
28 room*, all men roomers, low rent 1000
115 rooms, low rent, country transient.. 6000
31 rooms, rent only ?55 I50l)
40 rooms, rent $70, transient 1&0O
81 rooms, rent $3 per room 3400
Money to loan on furniture at low rates.
E1TEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
$1000— LODGING-HOUSE; choice location;
near Market St.; 22 neatly furnished rooms;
must be sold quick; cause, sickn2?£. Mer-
chajits' Agency, 1008% Market st.
FOR sale— Lodging-house; 23 rooms; good
business. 402 Twelfth St., Oakland. Cal.; no
agents.
42 ROOMS: corner near R. R. depot: rooms
all full; clears $125 per month: rent $3 per
room; owner sick; must sell; $2350. 463, Call.
35-ROOM Markfet-st. houee; busy corner; Al
transient; I will sell at low figure or ex-
change.- Box 34S6, Call office.
LODGING-HOUSE In Tonopah for sale; 20
rooms; all full: rents $1 to $1 23 per day.
Address box 099. Call office.
FOR sale— Lodging-house; 231 Third st.; 20
rooms; owner sick; price $950; rent $75.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market at., opposite Fifth. ]
Open until 11 p. m. '
SPIRITUA1.IS3I.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY.
i Clairvoyant, trnnce, business medium and life
reader. 1206 Market at.. Gait House.
ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing seance.
Wed, eve.. 60o. 828 Ellis st.; sittings dally.
PROT. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
slate-writer. 1112 Eddy st.; phone Scott 887.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ASSURED success for you.
Call at once and save $4.
His famous $5 readings this week far
II $1 II. $1 11 It II I 1
No charge — No charge
Unless you obtain the Information for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmlat ever In San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honeet proposition.
(You to be full Judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for: I tell you If
hut-band, wife or lover Is true or false; who and
when you will marry; how to gain the love of
the one you desire; '-In fact," I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself; his advice Is reliable; his
powers are wonderful and Indisputable; he Im-
proves your character so that you will reach
the highest ' possible development In mental
visor, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth: the controlling power Implanted In your
nature, so you can control any one secretly;
cures disease and lost vitality; gives advice on
mining and buried treasures; gives you success
In life; he guarantees you success or charges
nothing fur his services.
10 a. tn. to 8 p. m. — Closed Sunday.
' 326 O'Farrell St.— 326.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO
WITNESS THE WONDERFUL DEMON-
STRATIONS of the NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
For a reliable and Intelligent clairvoyant
reading go to LIVINGSTONE. 42S Eddy st.
He asks you no questions, but tells you
what you wish to know.
He does not mention all the Ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts In your case. Let PROFESSOR
LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you, find the cause of trouble and
suggest the remedy. -ii
He Is as conspicuous for his wonderful oc-
cult analysis as he it for his original ex-
pression and vivid truthfulness.
Would Jt not be a relief to know how 70U
will succeed, to be relieved of the matters that
are troubling you and of the schemes of your
enemies, that you may meet with better success?
A test reading Is not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
give you a full life reading for $1. A test
Is of little value; when the mind is troubled
you need more substantial aid and advice.
Permanently located 428 Eddy st.: 3 sep-
arate reception parlors. Lady attendant.
Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. M. BERNARD; THE FAMOU3
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third ft., fcext Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
' present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; if you are In trouble,
discontented or net satisfied with life, 01
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice In
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
.anteed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 45t>9.
MME. K. ROTHENBERG. greatest clairvoyant
and spiritual medium; assured success for you
by consulting her on matters of business, such
as love, marriage, law suits, family troubles,
etc. ;consultatlon with Mme.Rothenberg would
mean success, enlightenment, absolute happi-
ness!; business confidential; hours 10 a.m. to 8
p.m.; Sundays 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. MME. ROTH-
ENBERG, 1371 Ellls.het.Laguna A Buchanan
MME.PORTER.celebrated clairvoyant medium,
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight, tells past, present and future: 1.
60c, g. by cards $1; palmistry and clairvoyant
! sit.. $1 50. 290 O'Farrell st., near Mason.
A— Miss M. Wllle, 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
taJ seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given: special. $1: hours 10 to 8.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, clairvoyant, business me-
dium; advice on mining & Invest.: devel.elr.
Thurs., 8. 920 O'Farrell; tel, Hyde 1767.
Mrs. A.H.Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant. card
reader;when others fall try me;good readings
25c. 721 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.Tel.Larkln42O7.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given :25c up. 835 Howard.bet.4th&5th.
MME. ODELL returned;clairvoyant, card read-
er; tea leaves: 25c up. Lower flat, 220 Eddy.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
2C% Kearny, rm. 20; ladles 25c. gents 60c.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. and palm.;
names; L. 50c; G. $1. 714 Franklin, nr.G.G. ave.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates
and facts; readings dally. 917 Market st.
ISMAR. the celebrated Egyptian seeress. will
return from her vacation July 1.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. 'SHAFER clairvoyant, card reader, slt-
tlnga. dally. 443^ Jessie yt.. bet. Kth and 6th.
CARPET BKATIXG AS t D _ CjLE ATVIX G.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
•without removal: carpets and ruga are also
cleaned by compressed air at shop; prices
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co., S08 Market St.; phones Main 152 and
Bush 479.
WHEN you become distrusted with your work
nn<l for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 355-o57 Teharna Ft. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S, 2*0 Fourteenth St.— First-clash
carpet cltanlnov 3c yard. Tel. Mlmlon 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison st. ; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 223.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works.
333 Golden Gate avj. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CLOTHING RElTOVATTNa.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. lion Marche, 40 Ellis St.. room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery, rooms U-10; tel. Main 5580.
COTTAGES TO LET. N
$17 — 5-ROOM cottage on Cottage row, near
Webster, bet, Sutter and Bush. Inquire 7.
COTTAGES T<> LET — FURNISHED.
SECOND ave., 441, near Clement— Furnished
cottage: 4 rooms, piano, bath.v basement,
yard; $27 60.
CUBES BTrgTTTBE.
HUNTER'S Positive Rupture Holder, $10; no
' discomfort. 120tt Market St.: send for circular.
SAN FRANCISCO. March 1. 1002.
Mr. A. Hunter — Dear Sir: The rupture
holder I bought from you cured my rupture
~ tn SJO days. I have discarded the holder, hav-
ing *no more -use for It. I -feel 'like a new
man since I was cured. Yours truly.
R. "A. KENNEDY.
• ' '-••¦• " ¦ ' -. • Lick House.
PKKSSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking A Millinery School—.
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1010 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor. ,
EMPLOYSIEST WAXTKP — MALR.
NURSE male requires Invalid or mental
cases; town or country: first-class references;
thoroughly reliable. W. W., 1235 Market.
Painter, paper-hanger, slgnwriter. wants work;
tools furn. 1272 Folsom St.; phone Mint 131.
FLATS TO LET. ~
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT^
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed In our free renting department: over 1WJO
In number; a combined list from all agencies:
let us give you a list and help you to And a
place; we never tall; service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1C39 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A — HOUSES and fiats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free: take, advantage of
this department: It will save you time ami
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 243-239
Geary St., on the square.
CENTRAL ave.. 67. nr. Waller st.— Sunniest,
cheapest upper up-to-date flat. 6 large rooms
and bath; (30.
A NEW sunny middle flat. 7 rooms and batb.
649 Fell at., near Buchanan^
A NICE sunny flat. 8 rooms and bath. T30
Ellis St.. near Stelner.
FILLMORE. 1126— 7-room flat: rooms all
light;, modern: furniture for sale.
GREENWICH. 403— 5-room flat «10. sun all
d.ay; tt-room flat 111, with bath.»
HARRISON. S28A— New modem fine flat of 6
rooms; reasonable to responsible party.
HAYES. 692, cor. Buchanan — Nice sunny flat;
6 rooms and bath; modern Improvements.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let.* Call
on I.YON & HOAO. 116 Montgomery st.K
FLATS TO LET FL'IIMS JIEII.
HAIGHT, 12a8. Buena vtsta7^orT'centra» ave.
— Elegantly furnished flats; also unfurnished;
house has all conveniences and Is situafd In
select neighborhood.
CAPP. 614— Furnished 5-room flat: piano; gas
and coal stove. Call bet. 11 and 4.
FOLSOM. 647— Four furnished rooms for house-
keeping, complete; piano.
FLATS FOR SALE FUItMSHED.
FURNITURE of 7 rooms for sale: cheap rent;
$35. 137 Ninth st.
UPPER flat. 8 sunny rooms, handsome new
carpets, for snle: rent $35. 2126 Central ave.
FURMTIRE FOR SALE.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co.. 340 Post St.. near Powell.
FURNITURE of a 6-room house for sale; all
new; only been used a few months. Box
¦ 663, Call office.
Andersen Auction House. 19 Turk. nr. Market,
furnishes everything for the house; low prices
FURNITURE, stoves, bought, sold, exchanged.
Barger. 439 Valencia. nr.l6th.Tel.Church 3S79
CHEAPEST place in city for second-hand fur-
niture. 9S6 Geary st. Tel. Polk 1477.
FURMTURE WASTED.
ABE LEVY.
Salesroom. 1133 Market Bt. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc., until you get his estimate.
CHAS. LEVY & CO. pay highest price for fur-
nlture.carpets. etc. 782 Mission: tel. Bush 413.
HELP WAXTED FEMALE.
WANTED — First class German or Scandina-
vian cook. Belvedere, no wash. $40; first
clasa nurse, 1 year old child. $25: waitress,
family resort. $32 50; waitress for springs,
fare paid both ways, $25: laundress for In-
stitution, $35; laundress for family, country.
$40 head waitress, family hotel, city, $30;
3 other waitresses, same place. $25; 2 cooks.
Gejrman style, plain wash. $30; cook. Amer-
ican family, plain wash. $30; kitchen and
dining room helper, $25 and Increase; cham-
\ bermald and waitress, country hotel, $25:
two second girls, city and country, $23: 19
girls, general housework, American families,
city and country. $25. Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 334 Sutter St.
IN GOD WE TRUST.
Golden Gate Employment Office. 1211 Ninth
ave., off H St.. alongside of Golden Gate
Park and next door to Public Library; free
reading-room for ladles; best- help provided
for all purposes, for city and country
throughout the States; smallest office
charges; employers please pay half the office
fee; money orders payable to T. S PEAK-
MAN, Station G, San Francisco.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn hatrdreaslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
bltiois to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
West. 233 Geary i»t.. room 13. \
A — GIRL to learn millinery now for fall sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $15; position as trimmers,
salesladies, etc, guaranteed at S10 p»r wk up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A — LADIES. learn all branches halrdresslnic
trade, manicuring, massage, etc.: positions
secured at highest wages; day and evening
classes; thorough xystem. Removed from 1233
Market st. to 133 Powell st.
WANTED— 50 CHILDREN.
Fifty children, ranging in age from 3 to 8
years. Call at Fischer's Theater this morn-
ing at 10 o'clock.
SIX lady barbers wanted. Call at room 80ft.
Mutual Bank building.
LADY for general sewing. 1038 McAllister st.
"WANTED — Lady manicurist at barber shop.
947 Flllmore st.. cor. McAllister.
TWO lady solicitors to Introduce our good?;
city and country: liberal terms. The Oatlne
Co., 121 Geary st., room 721.
GIRL for general housework; 2 In family; good
wages. 639 Scott st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes, 6 p. m.. Wednesday; salary no object.
A PROFITABLE outing; pick hops In August
Write E. Clemens Horet. 122 Battery st-.S.F.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
= HELP WASTED MALE.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOY>IENT AGENCY 1 ~~
F. M. GUNN, 63S Commercial st.
Phone Mala 1911, 5 doors from Kearny st.
10 lumber pliers, noffh, $40 and found;
cook and wife, boarding-house, $100 mo.
and fd. ; 1st and Zd cook, north, $1CO. steady
job; free fare. 20 laborers, H hrs. work, near
city, $fiO: free fare. 10 teamsters, electric
R. R.. ship dally. *'i0; Nevada, 8 hrs. work,
teamsters, laborers, etc., $2 to $2 SO day; 5
woodchoppers for mining co., south. $1 50
cord: 10 woodchoppers, Mendoc'no Co., $125
to $2 cord; man and wife to take- charge of
hotel restaurant; 2 machine miners, $90; one
tlmberman. $!H); all 8 hours work; 5 ranch
hands, see boss here, $30 fd; we ship to
Arizona and Southern California, lc mile
rate; stablemen. $C0; porter, country hotel.
$20 and fd. ; hundreds of other positions; call
and see.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO. . Employment Agency,
429 Bush st. 642 Clay st.
Kitchen steward, country hotel $75-$100
(Only California experience and references.)
Houseman, country hotel $23
Cooks, waiters, bellboys, dishwashers, porters.
Tunnelmen, laborers, teamsters, farmers,
milkers. California. Nevada and Arizona.
• C R. HANSEN & CO.. Employment Office.
429 Bush St., 642 Clay st.
A— CONTRACTORS* EMPT. AGENCY.
635 Washington st.. phone James 3301.
Camp cook, 5 or 6 to cook for, near city,
$30 and fd.
' 2 hay hands. $1 50 day and fd., cheap fare.
Gen-ral ranch hands. $1 25 day and fd.
•Extra milker for dairy, must drive wagon,
etc., ?35 and fd.
Foreman carpenter gang, understanding de-
tail, $4 to (I 50 day.
2-horse teamsters, free fare. $2 day.
Laborers for city. $1 73 day.
Lots cf other Jobs.
:,.. ¦>• L. H. CUTTING & CO.
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT OFFICE^
002 Clay st. / 1 Phone James 2476.
15 pipe line men, $2 25 day.
23 Italian pick and shovel men. $2 day.
1 carriage painter. $3 50 day.
6 box factory hands, $2 40 day.
/ 10 sawmill hands, $2 70 to $3 day.
4 milkers and cheesemakem. $35, to $40 mo.
. 2 Chinese cooks, saw mill. $80 month.
1 Chinese cook, hotel. $45 month.
20 laborers. Government Job, $2 day.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 'Montgomery St.. r.
12—2 camp waiters, near city. $30; dish-
, washer, {30; 2 colored waiters, $32.
JO1LV I). SPKECKCLS^^^roprietor
AfldrcFf Ccrcmuricaticns to
JOHN* McXAUGHT. *. ¦-¦. . . . ¦ '."* Manager
\V. J. MARTIN Bminees Manager
TES DOLLARS REWARD.
Notify The Call Office If * ou aUss
Your I*ai>cr.
If for any cause THE CAI.I. la not de-
livered regularly to suhacrlber* Vi**»*
ctll up '-CAZ.X. EXCHANGE" and notify
Subscription Clerk in charge. Tour com-
plaint will receive proispt attention.
A st&adinr reward of Ten Dollar*
(S10.O0) is offered for the arre«t and
ccsvictton of any one caurht «t«aling"
THE CALL.
TELEPHONE.
Ark fcr THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You W:th the Department *ou Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Uooms 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per n
Ctc F*r Month. Single Copies 5 <^»'
Terms by Mail. Including Postage (Cash Wlta
Order,): .a n\
DAILY CALL <inelud. Sunday). 1 J re * x - ••?!£;
DAILY CALL lir.dud. Sunday), 6 mos... \w
DAILY CALL— By Single Month ,<?r
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year r-jK
WEEKLY CALU^ Year ... £~ • .|£2
FOREIGN I Sunday 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. \#23&; 1.00 Per Tear fSrtra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE ALTHOIUZED
TO RECEIVE, SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Staple Copies wll^rbe forwarded wnen re-
quested.
Mall eubecribers »n ordering change of a^;
cret,s ehould be particular to give both .^ttt
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to l^f Tt *
pn-mpt and correct compliance wttii tneir re-
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE: .
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 1053
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2143 Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Bartpn
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waloorf-Artorui Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
Urior. Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
nue Hotel end Huffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS 6TAJJDB:
Enerman House- P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hael; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE :
C. GF.OEGE KROGNESS..Marquette Building
• lLong Distance Telephone. '•Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. £MITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YOP.K CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CVRLTON Herald Square
BUFINESS OFFICE of the Fan Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
JK>* Market rtreet, opposite Fifth; open until
11 i to.
f.27 Montgomery street, correr Clay; open
until 0:30 p. m.
T.OC' Haye» ttreet; cpen until 0:30 p. m.
<'3Tt McAlUiter street; open until 9:30 p. m.
t'I3 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
l'.i4I >!i«*ien street; open until 10 p. m.
21tl Market street, corner Sixteenth; ©pea
until * r. m.
100 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
JOtW Vslencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast comer Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner rf Twer.ty-fecond and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
22<X> Fiilmore street; cpen until 9 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVTXG TOWN
FOR TTJE SUMMER.
CALXi subscriber* contemplatlnr a
cba&ge of residence dnrlng~ tne summer
z&cntns can have their paper forwarded
by mail to their new address by notify-
ing* TEE CALX. Business Office. This
paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local
agent In all tov.-as on the coast.
MEETIAG NOTICES.
IVY Chapter No. 27. O. K S.— Officers \^f
¦ ¦ . - embfrs an hereby r'.-.if.rtj t-> at- Jsfr*
tend the funeral of our late Brother, w
ROBHKT E. Bl'XKER. M. D.. TO-
I'AV. it 2 o'clock p. m.. from the Masonic
Temple. By order of the Worthy Matron.
MAKY L. REDDICK
EVA P. S.YLSBCRT. Secretary.
• JALIFORXIA Lodge of Perfection No. n
10. A. and A. S. R., e2» Sutter st. VSf
'ailed meeting THIS « WEDNESDAY)
EVENING at 8 o'clock. Fifth degree.
All brethren of the rite cordially invited. By
crdr-r of the Venerable Maner.
CHARLKS JELLINEK. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. a
M. — The officers and members of the yy
above named lodge are hereby notified.y^^V
to ettend the funeral of oor late
hqpther, ROBERT ELMER BUNKKR, In
King Solomon's Hall. Masonic Temple.
THIS DAY (WEDNESDAY). June 15 at
2 o'clock p m. Master Masons and friends
of the dereaEeil are invited By order cf
the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
MOUNT Moriah Lodge No 44. F. and fi
A. M. — Called meeting THIS (WED- W
NEeliAY) EVENING at 7:M o'clock. /V\
t-econd degree.
THEO. FROLICH. Secretary.
CHOCK-TT LoCre No. 139, T~^i~K. £~"
M.— Third degrc-e THIS fWEDNES- VV
DAT AFTERNOON at 3 o'clock, also /V\
at 4 -15 p. m. By order of the W. M"
R. H. McPHERSON. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Loflge No. 166, F. and A. ¦
M.— Third dr-gree THIS OVEDNES- VY
DAT) EVENING at T:30 o'clock.
H. J. OWE.V. Secretary.
MISSION* Lodge Non^Tr. and A. M. »
' aljed meeting THIS 1 WEDNESDAY) -Jv
EVENING at 7:3rt o'clock. Thfrfde- XX
cree. R. E. ALLEN. Secretary. '
TO the office™ and members of~b7T»~^SI
Vie i° n *• A - °- "• la A — The officers \f3f
ar.d members of Division 9 A O H \£>\aF
in A., are hereby notified to attend e^Wd
the funeral of our late Brother *^3»
MICHAEL GRIFFIN, at 9 aTm TO DAY
lion n . with mourning bac^e. By onjer
-_^J^AT^J^et^ Pre " deBt -
NATIONAL Union. CnTifnr."^! 111,,
nia Council, rr.ertu TO-
NIGHT c; Pioneer Han "' 1 VSp»
Fourth rt.. at S o'clock "X.
Vintlng friends cordially JnTlted; Initiation:
p"« V .v m ~ C BENDEL. President.
C. H. V>N ORDEN, Secretary.
¦^ '.' . AGEVTS WAVTEtt
A '/. E ?>* T^ - ** nted on commission. Box KST
Call office. *
* ATTOnSEYS-AT-LAwI
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for~small f>%. "
- Aovlc< *™* »» natters. Detectives employed.
ft. W. KING. Attorney-at-L«w ExanTTldiT 1
Cth Hoot; entrance room €11; established 15
jean; all case*, general court and office prac- '
tlce; no fee in advance or for consultation-
cyenlnrs by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
PENSION atty.-M. HARRIS.
ISiiS!? S,V rcf8 - from «"«r thousands of
eoldiers. eailors, widows and orphans on Pa-
C.ftc Coast for whom I have secured pension*,
AA— DIVORCE— Costs 112; quick; quletTadvlce
free: no charge unlees successful
~.t» Market El. room 4.. bet. 3d and 4th.
DiVORCB-Coets. $12: quick, qnlef. advice
fre»; ell law business; no charge unless suc-
cestful; open evenings. S27 Market, room 301.
ADVICE free: divorce cents $13; no fees or
coms in ad\-ance; all law business- o'flce
or en Saturday evenings. 619 Market St.. r. 33.
DIVORCE law a specialty; no publicity; advice
free; costs f 12. Ad. B AS.. P.O. box 2199. S.F.
L. S. CLARK. 027 Market Et; consultation
free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
ASTHMA* gllMEDY. ~
A Dl Nola's Asthma Remedy relieves tnstant-
iy: 10<'. 25c. SOc. ie03 Market. Et. Nicholas.
noARDi.\n Fon"*ani<DnE3f. ~~
LAD*Y »iil board and care for two boys under
14; 1 block from ocean beach; reasonable.
Bog 2160. Call office^ •.
FRENCH boarding tot children! MRS.
Ul.'N'rZ. €63 fine st.
DENTISTS. '
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. ¦ $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist.r.l4,lst
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
Paris Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up: crowns,$2 up: fllltngs,25c.
FREE examination wlthvchart at the New
York Dentists. 9«9 Mission St.. SE. cor. 6th.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Suttr.
EDUCATIONAL.
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building. 738 Mission
et., between Third and Fourth: more space:
finer rooms: better light; finest in the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS. COLLEGE.
A— THE Paul Gerson School of Aotlng gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special summer course. 414 Mason.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1435 Mar-
ket. guarantees positions to graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $S mo.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket et. ; established 18 years; special discount
during month of June; catalogue free.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electriclty,24 Post
St., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DAN'CIN'O — Adults. Mon. and Frl. evgs; Juve-
niles, Sat. 2 to 6; prlv. lessons dally. Find-
Iiy's Hall. 17th. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mtn., mech.. sur-
vey, essay, cyanide: day. e.v. ; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING. English, math., etc.. day cr
tve. individual Instr. Rm. 2. 305 Larkin. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, formerly of Pac. Bus. Col.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 025 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F. ; 75-page catalog on request.
PRIVATE lessons English, shorthand, etc., $4
mo. .Western Business College. 1107 Market.
GUITAR, mando'lln and piano. $3 per mo.;
mandolin club, $1 per mo. 828 Halght st.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
'EMPLOY3IENT OFFICES.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell at.; tel. Main 5752.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 3188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 CUr.
EMPLOYMENT WANTK1I — FE31AI.E.
ELDERLY woman wants situation In private
family, city or country; for general house-
work; wages moderate; no postals. Please
' call at 1100 Powell st.
A YOUNG woman wishes washing and hoase-
clcanlng by the day; wages $1 CO a day.
¦ Apply 17}i Welsh st., off Fourth, between
Bryant and Brannan
GOOD, strong American woman wants work by
the day sweeping and cleaning; a fltie flannel
washer; satisfaction guaranteed. 944 Mission
St., bet. Fifth and Sixth, upstairs.
STENOGRAPHER with several years of ex-
perience desires position; country preferred.
Address 44 Woodward avenue, city.
A SITUATION for light housework and cook-
ing in Email family; Is good cook. Call 1018
Howard st.; no postals.
YOUNG woman wishes place In a private fam-
ily or in a boarding-house, willing to do
any kind of work. Call at 1109 Folsom st.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman to go out by the
day and do light housework. Address box
B. Call Branch, 300 Hayes st. ¦
WANTED — Position as housekeeper with re-
spectable parties; small hotel or roqmlng-
house. Co/ne direct to room 9, 30 Post st.
YOUNG girl would like a situation, house-
work. 699 Kansas st.
A. COMPETENT girl for general housework.
Please call at 24S3 Sutter et. ¦
YOUNG woman wants position; housework; city
cr country. 324 Mason st. ; phone Black 2-!'.W.
A FIRST-CLASS young cook wants position;
city or country. 324 Mason; phone Black 2396.
WANTED — A position as laundress In some
small country hotel or some institution In
city; want a steady place; wages $25 to $30
per month. Address box 3525, Call office.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day;
washing. Ironing or sweeping Thursday or
Saturday; $1 CO per day and carfare. Ad-
dress box 3533. Call office.
AN accomplished young German lady desires
a position as companion or managing house-
keeper in refined family or elderly lady or
- gentleman. Address box 3544. Call office.
AN educated, refined young lady would like
position as. traveling companion or house-
keeper to wealthy American; stenographer
or secretary. Box 2545. Call office.
A THOROUGH fitter on tailor and evening
gowns wants engagements; $1 60 per day.
lOOtj Larkin St., near Post.
REFINED young lady would like position as
lady's companion and secretary; refined home 1
preferred; have reference. Box 3531. Call.
YOUNG lady, experienced stenographer with
knowledge of bookkeeping, desires a posi-
tion us office assistant. Box 2082, Call.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes to do flannels
at ner home, or washing without Ironing.
Address box 3534. Call office.
SEWING by the day; good fitter; shirtwaist
suits made In a day; $2 a day. 36A 8th st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALHS.
HOTEL manager, caterer or steward, fifteen
years' references, four years an manager, C.
P. R. Railroad, Southern- Pacific: hotel and
club references; English; age; 35; married;
on family. Box 3517. Call office.
YOUNG man and wife want positions; wife Is
good cook; 'man experienced coachman, do
Kanlening, etc. : city references; city or sub-
urbs. Box 1053. Call.
CARPENTER, cabinet maker; thoroughly ex-
perienced; good workman; steady, sober;
also good draughtsman; wants work; $3
a day. Box 1087. Call.
MAN S wants situation as cook, to bake bread
on a ranch, or small hotel. Address 713
Greenwich St. H. LEROY.
YOUNG man wantfi general work around
place; care of horses, garden, etc., tor house-
__work. Ocx 1086 Call.- - - J
A MIDDLE-AGED man desires position on
private place; experienced dulry and poultry
man and butter-maker; conscientious and re-
liable: best of references; wages moderate.
Box 3520. Call office.
SHANGHAI, Chlnat— Gentleman wishes to rep-
rtsent business house In Shanghai or Hong-
kong;. pos5»e»ses business references -from
Shanghai; four years' Oriental experience.
Box S.TO, Call office.
MECHANICAL draughtsman— Mechanic ' hav-
ing completed mechanical drawing course and
well advanced tn complete mechanical, wishes
work as assistant, tracing or details. Ad-
dress 1128 Tennessee st. '
PAINTER, first-class all around man, would
llko to work for owner; would work very
reasonable; city or country. Address box
891, Call office.
RECTIFIER, sober and reliable, familiar with
all branches In wholesale liquor business,
wants good . position. Address E. MEYER.
1700 K St., Sacramento.
MACHINIST — All-around roan; experienced in
metal patterns, looks, hardware, etc. Address
box 352»'i, Call office.
MAN and wife; man as horse man; woman to
do housework and assist In kitchen. Box
875. Call office. -
WANTED — A position as partner with a Jew-
elry case maker, bill cases, pocketbooks,
etc.; good mechanic. Address box 2144. Call.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged man as
valet' In flrst-class private - faintly; would
travel: references given. Box 2587, Call.
HIGH school student. Japanese, wants situ-
ation; work of any kind: any place. K. T. N.,
Japanese Mission. 1329 Pine st. .
WANTED — Position by a flrst-class Chinese
cook, board Ing -house or family. Y. LIEU,
1113 Pay St.; tel. Black Se38.
JAPANESE schoolboy .wants a position In
small family; good cook; wages $2 up.
/FRANK. 256 O'Farrell st.
JAPANESE boy. gentle and honest, wishes po-
sition as a school boy. . K. HENLY, 1752 ,
Fillmore St.
JAPANESE boy wants situation at housework
by half day.. IUK0SE. 102 Guerrero iU .
1 HELP WA5TBD— MAtB— Tan.
MURRAY & READY, pbone Main '584S.
604 and 630 t.lay *t.; 5S4S phone Miia
Leadips Employment and Laboc Agents.
SPANISH— GERMAN— FRENCH.
ITALIAN— SWISS— GREEK.
NEW- NEW— NEW.
ARIZONA— ARIZONA— ARIZONA.
|11 04 — lli>4 miles — JH W4.
8i>ii> men wanted.
Hundred* going daiiy— are you?
Teamsters, laborers, hammersmen. driller*,
$2. $2 50. J3. $3 ."*<> day.
Florence, center of great mines. Arizona.
Kree fare: » hours tiay.
To State of Nev^U — Nevada — Nevada.
Unit.*! States Uifvernment work.
3335 drillers, teamsters, laborers), rockrnen,
concretw mixers, tunnelmen. $2, $2 50. JJ,
$:! 30; 8 hours: overtime paid.
Cost $1 fee. that's all; 2 years' work.
North, free fare; East. South.
IS:, laborers, no experience required; you'll
suit.
Free to-day; you ko free.
Great lumber trusts.
l'Jti laborers, lumber companies; $23 to $64
and fouml.
To the mines and quarries.
36 laborers, foremen for mines. $40 and $30
and found.
la drillers, no fare to pay, $67 50.
LABORERS, LABORERS.
03 serap-r and sand wagon teamsters, $3 XS
day.
164 laborers, all over California, some In Saa
Francisco, $2 arid $2 CO day.
35 laborers. 8 hours' work dally; that's all;
$2 day.
HAY AND HARVEST HANT>3.
01 haymakers, all over State. $1 60 day and
found. —
3S harvest hands, sack sewers, pitchers, etc.
$2 day and found.
13 teamsters, extra good Joba, $1 60 and 13
day and found.
DAIRYMEN— STABLEMEX.
6-1 milkers, extra good Jobs, come see, 133,
140 and found.
6 buttermakers. 2 eheesemakers. $40, $30
and found.
19 stablemen, city, country job*. $73. $60.
$33 and found.
4S choremen and boys, different Jobs, }Z\
$30. and found.
4 apprentice boys. city. $43 aad found.
TRADESMEN.
6 sash and door hands, lumber company, $3
to |3 50 day.
6 carriage painters. $12 to $13 week.
Weavers on blankets.
2 brick loaders, country. 25c M.
Screw turners, edgerman. hook tenders.
Logger, understands rlgsing, L. Co., $»50 fd.
12 shingle packers, cut-off sawytr.
Molder and sticker hand.
Carriage painters and sticker hand/ $4 day.
12 coopers, slack work, rail very early.
WOODCTIOPPER3.
106 choppers, everywhere In th« State.
Logger. Dolbeer logging donkey. $75 and fd,
MURRAY & READY. £M-O5 Clay st.
18 COOKS, springs, resorts, hotels, camps,
mines, ranches, saloons, eto. $70. $30. $30.
$40. $30. $25 and found.
14 waiters, hotels, cafes, eto.. $40. $3.1. $30.
$25 and found.
28 dishwashers, see us. $33. $30, $20 and fi.
19 porters, bell Hn.l elevator boys $:;u, $^i,
$20. $13 and found.
4 boys, city factories. $4 week; omnibus boys.
LAUNDRYMEN.
Laundryman.. Institution. $30 and found.
Washers. laundrymen. ail over California.
3 hostlers, city Jobs. $75.
10 farmers, same ranch, $35 and found.
Milker and wire. Coluaa County, $50 a&d fd.
Tamale maker, country Job.
Second baker, fare $:: 50. $43 and found.
LUMBER.
Fdgerman, sugar pine. $30 and found.
Head donkeyman. S. C. $«O and found.
Crosscut sawyer, fare $2 25. $33 and found,
406 MILES.
$4 Ve $4 06.
SOUTH— SOUTH— SOUTH.
155 teamsters com* se». $*!0.
MURRAY & HEADY, 634-636 Clay at.
FOREMAN for orchard and vineyard, south,
good wages.
BUTCHER3.
Butcher and bookkeeper combined, man to
run country shop, references preferred.
2 slaughter-house butchers, ranch, $50 found.
MURRAY & READY. C34-636 Clay St.
BLACKSMITH, fare $1 40. $3 day. *
Clerk, country merchandise stcr», $30 found.
Waiter. Fresno County. WO and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay St.
READ THESE ~~ "
VERY CAREFULLY.
SPECIALS
MARRIED——
Man and! wife, farm. Monterey Co., 160 f«.
Cook and wife, small sawmill camp; se«» boss
here; $50 and found.
Cook and waitress, city. gt**\ Job. $50 fd.
4 blacksmiths, country shops, $3 day; 10
Macksmith helper;. $2 to $2 50 day; sticker
har.J. city mill.
Short-order cook, fare ROc; $12 week aad fd.
—HERE ARE—
OTHERS
10 laborers, city, $2 day; laborer and drll'.er,
$2 25 day.
Errand boy for this office.
4 plumbers. *4 day; blacksmith, country
shop, $3; stableman, country. $40 and found;
milk wagon driver, city. $40 and found:
Macksmith helper, cour.try. $2 60 day; black-
smith. San Mateo. $40 and found.
Fecond cook, mine boarding-house. $40. found.
S» machine miners, cold quartz mine, $90.
MURRAY & READY. 63» and 63C Clay st
CARPENTERS.
CARPENTERS. CARPENTER3.
6 carpenters to build scows, boats and)
dredges, long Job, steady work, fare $2 23.
$105; 4 carpenters. $3 50 day; 3 ship car*
penters, $2 <5 and fd.
LOOK AGAIN 1 .
10 Scandinavian laborers to work arousd saw-
mill, north. $60.
Kutcher. country shop, fare TOc. $4/> and fd.
Cook, harvest crew, C. C. Co.. $30 and fd.
2 carriage setters, sawmill; see boss here.
Head logger, wood; see boss here; $75 and fd.
Cook, 6 men, ranch, $25 and fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 639 Clay st.
SPECIAL
MINE.
Man to run cyanide plant, understands ehes>>
lstry: see boss here early: good wages.
4 machine miners, gold mine. $00.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay «t.
POULTRY man and wtfe. %Z0 and found; 4
carpenters. $4 day; gang edgerman. |90 and
board; timber feller, $60 and board; 2 crosa-
' cut sawyers. $4<V and board : porter and ware-
house man. $50 and Increase: laundryman,
for small place. $28 and found: lroner. 913
week: 2 blacksmiths. $2 50 day and board
and $3 day; blacksmith helpers. $30 «rui $3.1
and found: poultry man. $30 and found;
farmers and teamsters. $.T0 month and $1 50
day and found and $2 ."" day; milkers, $.:j
and $33 and found: farmers and wives:
choremen and others. J. F. CROSETT *
CO., 62S Sacramento st.
HOTEL cook, country, $60 and found; baker's
helper. $S week and board; porter for in-
stitution. $23 and found: hotel waiter. $39
and found; waiter for laborers' boarding-
house $30 and ' found: dishwashers and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacra-
mento st. -
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY" "*
95 Third St.; telephone Main 5321.
Muckers, tunnel. $2. • free fare.
Drillers tunnel. $2 50. $2 73. free far»>
Walters, city. $33 and found.
Boys for factory. $3 50. good trade.
Pipe line. Monterey Co.. laborers. $2 23.'
Laborers, near city. $2.
Teamsters. cit3'. $t 50 and found.
Tunnel. Hutnboldt Co.. $2 5O. $2 73.
Laborers, $'-. far*j 10c. 8 hours.
Florence. Ariz., laborers. $2. cheap far*.
Waiter, country Motel, $<« week.
Men tefpeel tanbark. $40.
IIORD & SMITH.
IN GOD WE TRUST.
Golden Gate Employment Office. 1213 Nlnt!»
ave.. off II st.. alongside of Golden Gate Park
and next door "to public llbrary^ — Best ma!«
help provided for all purposes, city ant* coun-
try .throughout the States: smallest offlc»
charges; employers please pay half the offlc*
fee. Money orders payable to T. SPEAK-
MAN. station O. Pan Francisco.
TV'ASTZD— A first class dealt and suit man
to take charge of a retail cloak and suit
department: city experience required: good
wages. Address N. L. &«i Co.. box 1035. Call
office.
WANTED*— A young man. experienced wrap-
per, to take charge of wrapping department:
references required. Call at STRAUSS A
FROHMAN. 107 Post St.
FIRST cla»s soap maker. Apply at !> o'clock
a. m. Metropolitan Laundry Co.. 603 Mont-
gomery st.
100 QUARRYMEN. 212 Ninth st.
APPRENTICE boy. Hi, Pierce" s Piano Fac-
tory. Market, Fourt?enth and Church sts.
CARRIAGE trimmers anil painters at
O'BRIEN * SONS. 5flO Golden Gate ave.
TWO chair barber shop for sale, good busi-
ness. Inquire L. D.. 1713 Stockton st^
BOY wanted at 523 Mission st.
BOY wanted. 5KJ Mission at.
GENERAL btacksmtth at Seven Mile House.
San Bruno road.
BARBER and bootblack wanted. Telephone
AL MASKING, Fort Cra?g. Cal.
GOOD retouchers; either sejt; piece work.
JOHNSON. lO'-i Sixth st ; ___^__
WANTED— Carpenter oa finish, wwrtL 438
Stevenson st.
jiir \Y/\i\nr ccw 1 imivis Cif == ' nrNF r^Ai r haveascqmplete a stqck ° f
B I IB VV/15 1 B V^jV^ I— V^S . ¦ ===ae= ; ; i£ =====THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY. JUNE 15, • 190*.
13
FOR^gS^JS&M^ HAVE VARIETY 0T HCPGHANDISC
MOXEV TO LOAX Continued.
AAA — Interest 6 per cent (read Sunday papers).
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK
..City. Oakland, Town. Country Property..
MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (city agents).
107-8 Crocker building — Post-Market its.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st. ¦<
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 638 Kearny.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 708 Market St.
1% PER cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFVING. 616 Hearst bid., Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser MORELL. 609 Examiner building.
OFFICES AM) ViOKl-Ji TO LKT.
A SUITE of 4 office rooms, large, sunny, on
Sacramento st., near Montgomery. Apply
to WEISSBEIN BROS. & CO.
STORE to let, vacant June 15. 1204 Sutter St..
one door above Polk...
ALL UPRIGHTS.
Neubert, new $2!5O, now $60. .
Fischer, new $325. now $S5. : ¦
Hertz, new $300. now $67. «
Russell, new $385, now $133.
Colby, new $425, now $180.
2 Chickerings, new $450, now $100. $135.
2 Stelnways, new $575. $750. now $183, $325. ,
Heine, new $575. now $333.
And 50 others; squares for next to nothing;
rents $2 up; installments $4 up; old organs
or pianos taken In exchange.; tuning $2. fin-
est workmanship. HEINE PIANO CO., 235-
237 Geary tt.; Oakland. 1262 Broadway.
AAAAA — FINE assortment of second-hand up-
rights from $40 up, including such makes a*
Chickerlng. Vose, Steinway, Steck. Knab«.
Mathushek. Sterling, Curtaz, Erard and
many others on easy payments. BENJ.
CURTAZ & EON, 16 O'Farrell st.
A SENSATIONAL fire — Storage pianos and
furniture will be removed to North Beach
and burned If not EOld in a few days; this
means storage pianos and rurnlture almost
cheaper than fire I wood, and must be re-
moved. Whltehead's Storage, 1636 Market.
PIANOS for rent; $3 per month; the largest
and best stock In San Francisco to select
from; pianos from $30 upward; our line the
beBt. our prices the lowest. SCOTT CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 660-64 Hayes *t.
GOOD standard upright piano for sale; $85.
STATHAM. 110 McAllister St. ,
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post St.
•A BEAUTIFUL Steinway upright grand, as
¦good as new; cheap. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
$105 — STEINWAY upright: private party; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chickerlng baby grand;
Shonlnger. little u«ed. Keeffe's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
I'ERSO.VALS.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 32 Turk at.. S. F.
A NEW METHOD— Your bust positively devel-
oped and enlarged by my method; magnetic
massage by appointed graduate, old school;
strictly confidential. MRS. HOLSHOUSER.
637 Bush St.. apt. 309; phone Front 67.
THE Star Hair Remedy , restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth.stops falltng.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp:at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star RemedyCo.,133^ Polk.
WILLIAM BAGGET. son of Frederick Bagset:
Write to your brothers and sister. Is25
Loraln St.. Cleveland, Ohio, for information
of advantage.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 328 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
"VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness, drains, varleocele,
etc.; easily worn; $2 50 postpaid: physicians
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co., 140 Geary, 8.F.
OLD carpets of all kinds woven Into beautiful
and durable rugs; any size desired. Phone
Red 7122 The Oakland Fluff Rug Factory,
662 Market St.. Oakland. Cal.
A FINE suit to order on easy installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Market St.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoat*
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor, 721 Market st. ,
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post, near Powell.
SUPERFLUOUS hair St moles removed by eleo-
trlc needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Tr>vers,1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 CO; dress pant* $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Acttna restores tost eyesight; cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th, nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ter. r. 609. Mies Eaton. 233 Geary, room 88.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN St CO. ,733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1 at all druggists.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
PALMISTRY.
A— MME. LYMAN. scientific palmist, recently
from East. 510 Eddy at.; phone Polk 4611.
H. JEROME FOEELLI. scientific palmist. S15
Taylor St.. near Geary. Phone Black 661.
PATEJTTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEpINA. at-
torney-at-law, 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS..
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence
1021H Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal disease* a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONO HIM, herb doctor;
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four year* at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 66? Geary St., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. Li Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONO WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured' by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
BE WIN G 3»ACHIXES^AXPSiU^FI^£E^r
THE WHITE IS KING.
Best automatic furniture.
Best ball-bearlnc stand.
Best vibrator and rotary shuttle.
Best lock and chain stitch.
Best sewing machine on earth.
Best machines at $3.00 per month.
Best machine* to rent at $2.00 per month.
WHITE SEATING MACHINE CO.,
Retail offices. 808 Post st..
1841 Flllmore st. and 708 Valencia st.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market *t.. near Sixth.
NEW HOME — Bee our new triple-feed ma-
chines; slightly used: $10. $15. $20; second-
hand. $3, $5, $8; all styles: guaranteed. New
Home Eewlng Machine Co., 1051 Market st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furnltur*.
household good* stored moved, shipped, 71'5-
731 Howard st , nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
A — GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse, G. G and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel.South 750.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Prlv. Ex. S71.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West (storage ; advances made 840
Mission St.; tel.^Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
i PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving ConT
pany. .2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Etctage Co., 11 Montgomery
rt.: tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rate*.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOI8E8 in EARS
positively cured; new methods: 1 week's treat-
went free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutt— «t. ¦
ASTDJSWPPIiXEB.^
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier, $29; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 60. The
Typewriting Exchange, 636 California st.
»
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars cf L. A- M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st. „ ¦.
2D-HANT> typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Iaaseo. Co., 008 Market
• tKAI. ESTATE Country For Snlr.
WHITE & BA YLEY;
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$12.500 — Splendid stock ranch and general
farm 2ti00 acres; 4 miles from Courthouse.
Mendocino County; 200 acres tillable; 2 com-
plete sets of farm buildings; well supplied with
water and an abundance of live oak timber;
there are several patches suitable fcr alfalfa.
?SCOi>— Only 3U miles of Geyservllle. the Gem
of Sonoma County; % mile good school; rural
mall delivery; 50 acres; 30 acres rich bottom
land: 2 acres orchard; 15 acres vineyard, all
bearing; 5 acres alfalfa; well ienced and cross
fenced: 5-room house, 2 good barns, nice
spring; have other bargains in this superb sec-
tion. . ¦ -' O
$2500 — 15 acres level land, 7 miles of San
Jose; all in vineyard; house.
$2000 — 40-acre dairy and poultry ranch. 1
mile of town; hill land; 3 houses; barn; corral 1
poultry houses. '£ Incubators; 2 brooders; farm-
Ing tools; fenced; 4 cows: 2 horses; 225 chick-
ens; fine market.
$600 — One minute's walk of church and
schocl. 4 mile? of town; 1}4 acres; nice 4-room
house; large barn; poultry houses; rich garden
land with easterly slope; on main sprinkled
road; rural delivery; ideal poultry farm.
$320<»— In city limits of Petaluma; 2V4 acres;
neat cottage*; barn; 5 poultry houses; 2 brood-
ers; 1 incubator; 2 wagons; harness; horse;
I Jersey cow; 450 chickens; ail in bearing fruit;
see photos of select Petaluma homes at this
office.
. WCOO— 3 miles of Santa Rosa; 200 acres; 20
acres tillable soil; 5C0 cords of wood; house:
barn; running water: 10 head of cattle: 25 head
of hog*; other bargains in thin superb section. I
» $e00 — Only 1 mile of town; 80 acres; house, |
1 trees, vines, berries; 15 acres bottom land;
placer and quartz gold; 2 garden patches, out-
side range, tools, furniture; forced sale.
$4000 — Near Merced City, on main road; 40
i acres rich land; 5 acres bearing olives 10
1 acres alfalfa; o'i acres bearing orchard; 3
wells; all under ditch; fine cottage, 5 rooms;
steel windmill and tank; good barn; tooihouse;
granary; poultry houses; Incubator houses; nice
Income; cash or trade bay counties property.
ALFALFA LANDS.
Rich black land, near Stockton, subdivided In
small tracts at $K5 per acre; one-third of crop
with place.
Adjoining the town of Lodl. both bearing
vineyard land and unimproved under ditch;
$125 to $165 per acre.
$50 per acre: 10 acres up; under ditch; 4^4
miles from Ludl, on main county road; also
land on the Stanislaus ditch as low as $45 an
acre. ¦ '
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
We have several parties with good Income
property to trade for cheap country homes; also
lodging-bouses; many cash buyers; list your
property.
$'J5<10— 00 acres; 6 miles from Santa Cruz; 20
acres under cultivation, balance rolling and
some steep; small orchard and vineyard, bear-
ing; gooi". 7-room house, barn, outbuildings;
bank foreclosure; $500 down -and balance
monthly payments If desired.:
$5000 — Best ranch in Southern Oregon; 320
acres; 2 Bets good improvements; well fenced;
orchard; 5 horses; farming tools; outside range.
$450u — 30 acres close to Morgan Hill. Santa
Clara' County; 20 acres bearing orchard and
vineyard. 10 acres hill pasture; nice hard
finished cottage of 5 rooms; outbuildings; fine
lnrome; would trade for Income city property.
$!)00 — Only 6 miles from Courthouse; SO
acres; orohard,' vineyard, house, outbuildings;
part cash; near Red Bluff.
317.000 — Finest ranch In San Joaquin County,
between Stockton and Lodl; water near sur-
face; good house, outbuildings, barn, corrals;
450 acres rich land. 1 mllo of Calaveraa River,
on main road: mortgage $9000; would trade for
flrnt-class property near city.
Country hotel, live town; Alaroeda County;
¦iot 8(ht200; One trade; 14 large rooms; house
for help; large stable; outbuildings; opposite
ntw station; $3500.
$2250 — 10 acres, all in apricots Just com-
m»ndr.g to b?ar; 0 miles from San Jose; lovely
home; jialf cash. 1 _
$1700— In Sonoma City; 3V4 acres; all. level;
good house, barn, windmill, tankhouse; 13 poul-
try houses and yards; semi- alfalfa; spring
\vsi?on: 000 chicks**; feedhouse.
$•¦>.-¦< (>--l."<; acres east of San Jose; 125 acres
in hay;' good soil. .
¦ Send stamp T*w printed list.
WHITE & BAYLEY,
Successors to
W. J. WHITE,
26 Montgomery fjt.. Room 8.
Property Exchanses a Specialty.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vlneyirds; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market st.
SOUTHERN Oregon Irrigated lands, dafry
farrr.a stock ranches, alfalfa land, timber
land 'mines. S. C. TRAYNER. 604 Kearny.
¦ ELMHimST REAL ESTATE.
$7.-» EACH— $3 down. $2 50 a month, without
interest: fine lots, close to the statfon; only
a few left. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Pout at.
REAL ESTATE WASTED.
WANTED — From owner, 1 acre or more: near
Oakland or Berkeley: cash. Box 3516. Call.
MILL VALLEY AD.V'RT'S'M'TS
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
TAKE a delightful trip to-day; go to Mill Val-
ley; see the lots right at the station we are
selling so fast.
Prices $350 to $050 each.
Terms, 10 per cent cash, balance $10 monthly.
All the lots are large; grand home sites
amidst pleasant surroundings; beauttful
views of mountains and the bay; the climate
unequaled; splendid opportunity for an In-
vestment; land values bound to Increase, as
Mill Valley Is rapidly coming to the front;
the new electric road has shortened the tlm«
to 40 minutes from the city; Mill Valley has
all the conveniences of a city; fine supply of
pure mountain water, good sewerage and
drainage, electric lights, stores, churches
and schools, and In fact all conveniences;
lots beautifully wooded. Send for our new
Illustrated book descriptive of Mill Valley.
We have an office open Sundays and holi-
days. LYON & HOAG,
116 Montgomery st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'MENTS
AI.AMEDA COTTAGES TO LET.
CENTRAL ave.. 738, A'.ameda— Cottage of 4
rooms; cabin of 2 rooms at beach fur. for
hskpg.: bathhouse &. boats; nr. 7th-st. sta.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATK.
NEW cottage. 5 rooms, bath, pantry, china,
closet, mantel, concrete foundation, bay win-
dow; lot 50x127; street work done; cement
sidewalks, pretty garden, fruit trees, chicken
house, barn, etc.; price $1800; terms $200
cash, balance $1** monthly. Open Sundays.
O. A, RUDOLPH, Lorin station. South
Berkeley.
WHY pay rent when you can buy a 5-room
cottage, bath, pantry, city water, stationary
tubs, brick foundation: lot tiOxllO; 2 blocks
to station and electric cars; price $1750;
terms $-- r »0 cash, balance $15 monthly. O. A.
RUDOLPH. Lorln station. South Berkeley.
Open Sundays.
WHY pay rent when you can buy a brand
new up-to-date 6-room 2-story house, with
large lot, street work done and concrete
walks in front and around house: only three
blocks to Key route train: 25 minutes to S.
F. : price $3500; terms $250 cash, balance $22
per month. This house will rent for more
than enough to make monthly payments.
Open Sundays. O. A. RUDOLPH. Lorin
station, South Berkeley.
$1300 — BIG snap; 3-room house with 'high
basement; four 25- foot lots, stables, hen
house pump and well: easy distance from
car line. CHENEY & BERRY. P. O. block.
Berkeley.
A LOVELY HOME. 6 NICE ROOMS: SOUTH
EXPOSURE; VERY LARGE LOT AND
CLOSE TO BERKELEY STATION: NEW
AND COMPLETE: PRICE ONLY $3000.
JOS J. MASON,
8E. COR CENTKR AND RHATTUCK AVE.,
BERKELEY.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1010 BROADWAY.
OAKLAM> HEAI. ESTATE.
"-""'".'. BELDEN'S BARGAINS. '
$:i. r >00 — Sunny corner tt-room cottage; central-
ly located: lot 35x100.
$21)00 — Pretty new 5-room shingled cottage;
latest Improvements, den. etc.: lot 30x120, on
36th St.. near "West; near Key route; easy
terms. - ¦
$2525 will buy 3 flat* and 30-foot lot renting
for $28: a nod Income Investment. -J
$2500 — Nice 5-room cottage with floored attic
and lot 32x120 on 35th st., near Telegraph
ave.: easy terms. ¦
$2300^ — New 5-room cottage oft West st., one
block from Ban Pablo ave. and Key route;
lot 28x140; easy, terms.
$2400 — Nice 7-room house on Walsworth ave.,
near Senator Perkins" homi»: easy terms.
BELD.EN REAL ESTATE. 1112 Broadway,
Oakland. ¦
IMKI.AM) KliM.MTI HK »• UK »\l.t«
TO-MORROW the .day for bargains in furnl-.
tuie. H.Schellhaaa.llth st,,cor.store,OaklarjJ.
n I"?. I* »•. t \TK.I»— — M « !.«••—— r««tl«n»«1
AT i!-.p <~a;irornia Employment Agency,
14 od St.. nr. Call bldg.: phone Hush 4C5.
State of Nevada; cheap fare refunded.
I nited States Government work.
M teamster* an«l laix'rers, $2 to $2 25 day.
."mi drillers, hamtnen-mt-n and rockmen, $2 ZQ.
¦ *!(• <!5 rare. Klnrenf-e, Ariz. Fare $10 05.
100 teamsters and laborers, $2 to $3 50 day.
SAWMILL CREW.
. s-:>or,l tenders. Z-ZZ and found.
slunfle Jointer, see boss here, $43 found.
Board puller. fi'-< a morth and board.
tail edternien, $*<» a month and board,
! second tiimrr.ermen. $VJ month and board.
1 odtemrtT, H(< a month and board.
10 lui::l«-r Tilers. tUo to HO and board.
v n:<-n !\>r rock quarry, $2 25 a day.
Id Slavonian laborers, sawmill, $oj found.
H»:<:uTirr, country, t'l day.
r«*ir.tter. <-'.ty. 52 ••*> <iay.
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 14 3d ft-
\\ ANTED lor D. S. army, able-bodied un-
r.is-ried mer.. between >.r> s of 21 and 35;
citizen* of ti'e United Slates, of good char-
* -.or i.ui tc operate habits, who can speak,
i, h i ar.d write Kcglifh. For information
*4ip!y to Recruiting Officer. Rialto building,
New Montgomery fet.. San Francisco, or 1029
s-or.il st., Sacramento, Cal.
WASTED — A steady rcan to learn a trade;
ti!:i n.al:e !a short time $50 a month. 310>i
Ko;soni ft., uj.sta'.rs.
¦: NTKY hotel barber shop, near city; no
rwst: a bargain. Apply H. BERNARD, 104
s.ver.th Et.
YOUNG man to help In grocery etore. North-
• ert corner Twenty-sixth and Sanchea *ts.
WANTED— Men learn the barber trade; why
you should learn at Halghts College: he
riiys his instructor higher wages than other
oollepes; student* from other colleges pay
him to graduate them; he finishes you In a
bartier ehop: he teaches you cheaper. Ca!l
*t Haichf College. 647 Commerc— J St.. S. F.
ALL
Men to learn the BARBER TRADE: only
eight weeks required; positions secured; con-
siar.t practice and expert Instruction; special
offer and catalorue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. CSS Clay st.
WANTED — Three flret-class carriage black- |
emltns and three flr« -class body maJcers;
good wage* and steady employment to rlRht
pai rues. ACDly A. MEISTER _ SONS CO..
Eacraicento. CaX
WANTED — Educated gentleman who has *ood
knowledge of cyclopedias; $1200 per year;
references required.
University Society, box 2109. Call.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
21. Third «. ; 250 rooms: 25c to 50c per night.
BARBERS — Here is a chance to buy a good 2-
chair shop ciieap: cheap rent: living rooms;
owner leaving city. Box 1082. Call.
TRY car men's shoes, union made, at $1 an4
$1 CO pair; foct-form shoes at $2 f.0; we pay
express or mail charges. 11 Sd St.. Exam. bid.
CAEH pairfrs wanted at O'BRIEN _ SON'S,
corner Polk »t. and Golden Gate ave.
RARBER wanted — Steady work. 59 Steuart
street.
BVF.BERS — 2-chalr shop for sale. Corner
Fourteenth sr.a Folsom sts.
VTAVTED— Man to clean up bakery. Ill
Lsrk:n st.
YOUNG rcan with some experience to work In
cor.fec-tior.erj-. 9C5 Larkin Ft.
A DRUG cl«-rk; registered; references; $75.
Aj.i ly in; Eddy «.
FOR ta!e — Barber shop. 1407 Buchanan st.
————————————————————————————————
NEAT-APPEARING energetic man of good
iildrtts. Aj)j>ly 121 Geary st.. room C29.
A profitable outing: pick hops In Augu.n. Writ*
K.CLKMnNS HOIiST CO. .122 Battery«=t..S.F.
LABOR debts 1 l»T1<rT><1. suits, attachmer.tv
J-avr and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy. r. 415.
YOUNG man to >am barber trade: wage*
while learnlr.r. 741A Howard st.
f AlLOl:« and y.mng man «g— -en hands) for
chipa. HALLRKRT, .'17 Jackson st.
Pers-i' n Atty.. n. A. Bu'.lis. r.4O. I'helan bldg.
Pas-t Com. *>rj. H. Thomas Pest. G. A. R.
f AILOIti* find ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Fteuart ft.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third *t.. near Mar*
k<-t — Tint rooms; 35c eight; rer^JIng-rooms;
free 'bus and •.' .ci- ;<»-••¦ to acd from ferry.
AI>VERTIEMENTir*ubscriptIons received at
Ca'.l branch oifice.eor. Dunran and Church sts.
A rtRANCH office of The Call for the reception
ot advertisemr-r.ts and EUbscripticns ha? been
oi*ned at IK* Market st., opposite Flft*L
c»r*n until 11 p. m.
ALL sires men's shoes, slightly damag^d.half
price. T-C3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d Fts.
GHT your *rir*»ji half-soled while waiting: 55c
tr> MV r.r.3 Mi**ion rt.. bet. 1st and 2d «tlt.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED llrt of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery-
TO LET — Fine house and stable. 131 Tblr-
te»nTh »t.
IIOISES TO LET FCn.MSIIED.
TO let — Fum'.shed house of 7 room* for three
months. 1370 Eleventh nve.. Sunset District.
BOUSES CT7B_rX_KES — SUBURBAN.
FOR rent in Mill Valley: furnished 7-room
house: bath; hot water; also furnished tent.
Fcr particular!" inquire at 108 Davis rt.
HOUSES WAVTED. ™
WANTED — From July 1, a comfortably fur-
r.:*htd house cf 6 or 8 rooms in Saa Leandro
or Fruiti-ale; «rood neighborhood ; *ome shade
trees; responsible tenant; state terms. Ad-
<;<¦»«» r>cx 2153. Ciall office.
HORSES AAD WAGONS.
FOR sale — Pacing mare. $175; 7 year* old. rery
fart; gentle in rv^ry reepect; safe for wo-
rr.an to drive: will go double. For particu-
lars addrerr box :•••". Call.
FOR Sale — First-class buggy horse <Mngle or
doable)- dark bay; well bred; rising eight;
10 bands; stylish and gentle; $175; private
ttafcle. 3CW> Washington tt.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; homes, wag-
ons, eurreys, buggies, carts and harness; at
3140 Folson: at.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
ro-jnc; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 180 Stevenson. 8. *\
LATE model rubber tire Victoria and harness.
O'ER! EN'S. i'u;k and Golden Gate ave.
FINE camping waron, 3 ce&ts. Inquire of
C. A. McPHEE. Fremont and Brannan sts.
A FIItfiT-CLAES raddle horse for sale; gentle
asd suitable for a Ia<!y. Box 8S8, Call.
PIANO box buggy for tale. Pox 6C». CalL
LIGHT, cushion-tl-c 1 roa<3 buppj- for sale; la
good order. Box iS8. Call office.
FOR M le— Two second-hand platform spring
wagons ar.d one truck. 233 Beale gt.
K ¥m W d ."; con<! - han d wagons, all kinds, at
1C15 Market «i. oip. Franklin.
"WAGONETTES, mirr*?*. buggies wagons har-
ness, work and Crlvlng horseE^jnjV^encil
Cr i EAPE ? T and best In A -*riea— The wlekii
Call. 1C pare*, ser.t to any a-ldross In the
United Ptct<-« or Canada cne ye« r f" $1.
- IXVESTMEXTg. "
GOOD investment — A limited number of share*
•t 25c per share: this stock win be worth
cne dollar fjl) per thare wimin a year- call
or write Oerecia Mining and Developrnect
«""T-:i rr.v. <1« Croupier building. S. F.
LOST AXD FOUXO.
LOST — Feather boa between 2218 Clay «t
8. F., sr.d Sixteenth and Myrtle sts '
Oakland: f5 reward on return to a.bove ad-
desa, San Francisco. ; .. • „
LOST — A silver watch and fob on Sacramento
•t.. between Cherry «t. and Central ave.
Pie.*w return to O. C. SIMONEAU. ? 1433
- Stockton rt., and receive reward.
LOST— Scotrh Collie dog from Twenty-flret and
Foiecm st*. Liberal reward offered for re-
turn to .712 Ehotm-cll st.
LOST — On road between Sausallto and Mill
Valley. Masonic charm. Return to room 25
40 Ellis St.. and receive liberal reward.
LOST — Dark brlndl* greyhound pup, 5 months
old. Return to 2527 Mission n. ; reward.
FOUND — On Market «... Saturday nighT a
purse c-ontalning money. Box 3562, Call.
A WEEK'S new* for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pec** in wrapper, for • la'llnr. $1 per year
_aum-ch_s ran hike.
C. A. MeNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
rt.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush S34.
J. liir.iif!:.- Launch Co..Union-*t. Wharf; boat-
Ins; — excursions. I SU-uart st. ; tel. John 268S. ,
REAL ESTATE CITY — Kflll «*\I,K. j
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Slintg.imery Kt
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION. •
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
Of Investment, residence and country prop-
erty, to be held at our salesroom, 20 Montgom-
ery st., Monday, June 20. at 12 o'clock noon.
JOHN O'KEEFE ESTATE.
Administratrix Sales.
The following properties must be sold to
close above estate. Subject to confirmation
by the Superior Court -
NO. 1.
Northwest corner of Bryant and Eighth sts.;
Improvements consist of two stores and four
flats; rents $105 per month; lot 50x85. ,
, NO, 2.
CONTRA COSTA COUNTY. j
360 acres," more or less, being portion of the
Rancho Las Juntas or Welch ranch, on the
public road leading from Pacheco to Walnut
Creek; more than half the land is of the beet
sediment soil and the balance is rolling, but
all tillable.
HOWARD- STREET FLATS. .
2119A-B Howard st., east line, between Sev-
enteenth and Eighteenth; 3 modern flats of 7-8
rooms and bath each; rented low at $66 per
month; lot 25x121! :6.
SHOTWELL-ST. FLATS.
324-6- 14 Shotwell st., west line, between
Seventeenth and Eighteenth; 3 modern flats of
5-6 rooms and bath each; rented low at $50 50
per month; lot 25x122:6.
MORRIS-AVE. INVESTMENT.
7 Morris ave., east line, between Harrison
and Bryant, Fifth and Sixth sts.: improve-
ments consist of two- story house arranged in
2 flats of 4-5 rooms each; rent $32 00 per
month; lot 23xS0. .' ,
HARR.1E0N-ST. COTTAGE. .
1377 Harrison St.. south line, between Ninth '
and Tenth; improvements consist of a cottage
of 4 rooms on rear end of lot; ample room, for
anether building; lot 23x100.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
732 Pacific st., between Dupont and Stockton;
frame Improvements consist of store and lodg-
lng-nouse; rents $36 per month; 16:9*4x117 :«.
MISSION COTTAGE. •
4604 Eighteenth St.. north line, between
Hattie and Danvers; a modern cottage of 4
rooms and bath; large basement: lot 23x80.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
406 Thirtieth st.. north line, between Ban-
cbez and Noe; Improvements consist of a two-
story bay-window dwelling of 8 rooms and
bath; lot 25x114.
ALAMEDA COUNTY RANCH.
Referee Sale.
The following ranch must be sold, subject
to confirmation by the Superior Court. No
Increased bid can be offered in court after
this sale
This ranch Is located 4 miles northeast of
Llvermore, consists of 385 acres, being portion
of sections 3 and 4, township 3 south, range
east, M. D. B. M. : also the right of way 25
feet wide over the road as at present traveled,
from tbe northerly line of the above described
property to the county road near school house
on the northerly portion of said section 3.
For further particulars apply
G. H. UMBSEN _ CO.,
- 20 Montgomery St.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
AT AUCTION.
THURSDAY.. JUNE 23, 1904,
AT OFFICE AND SALESROOM,
25 POST ST. .
PROPERTY OF THE ESTATE OF
CORNELIA B. STANLY, deceased,
425 AND 427 BUSH ST..
SW. CORNER MARY LANE,
Between Kearny st. and Grant ave.
LOT 40x120 FEET, RUNNING
THROUGH TO MARTIN 8T..
AFFORDING 3 FRONTAGES.
— — —
Improvements consist of a substantial 3-
story and basement brick building, containing
2 stores and floors above.
NET ANNUAL INCOME, $3000.
BALDWIN * HOWELL,
25 POST ST.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Our new office at Oceanslde attracts attention.
But nothing like our new lots.
1 Everybody wants them; r elect one quick.
$500 to $1200— easy terms.
On car line and fronting park; unobstructed
view of ocean; all graded, ready to build on.
•¦Oceanslde" Branch Office cor. 47th ave.
and H st. Open Sundays and holidays.
$75 to $250— Near park and ocean; $5 monthly.
1 $250 to $1000 — Choicest Richmond lots; In-
stallments.
$150 to $450 — Level Excelsior Homestead lots.
$950 to $5000 — Modern cottages in Sunset,
Richmond. Oceanelde and Excelsior Home-
stead: easy terms.
Sunset Branch Office on Ninth ave., near H st.
SOL GETZ A SON. Owner* and Dealers.
Room 64, Fourth Floor, Chronicle Building.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 MARKET STREET
GRAND AUCTION SALE
"V EXTRAORDINARY.
300— VILLA LOTS — 300.
' - 300— VILLA LOTS — 300. -
300— VILLA LOTS— 300.
AT
FRUITVALE.
FRUITVALE.
¦ FRUITVALE.
Sale to take place Saturday, June 25, at 2
p. m., on the property bounded by Redwood
road. School and Davis streets.
The Frultvale Addition will be sold positively
without reserve or limit. Lots averaging 50x150
feet.
Most liberal terms of credit. Only one-quar-
ter cash. Balance 6-12-1S months.
LABOR IN THE CITY AND SLEEP IN THE
COUNTRY.
HALF-HOURLY TRAINS.
COMMUTATION ONLY $3.00 PER MONTH.
Remember the date, SATURDAY, JUNE 25.
Broad Guage boat transferring to the Broad
Gauge Southern Pacific Railroad to Frultvale.
For further particulars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
. . - 638 Market street.
$1 23 PER week; no Interest: lot* in the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract: all level: no grad-
ing to do; ready to build your little horn*
en; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st.. room 5.
JOSEPH 8TRAUB. 630 MARKET ST.
$2600 — Good 5-room and bath cottage; lot
32 :« ft. front; near Valencia and 23d.
$6700 — 6 flats of 4 rooms each; good condi-
tion; rents $71 50; $3700 cash; cheap.
! $1300 — Good cottage of 4 rooms; large lot.
$8500 — Modern residence; opposite Alamo
square; fine view; key lot; bargain.
WHY, if you want a home in the Mission,
don't you seo thore lots. 25x125, west line
Noe St.. 200 feet south of 19th St.? We fur-
nish you the lot and money to build. You
pay us bade same as rent; lots only $1000;
graded, ready to lay foundations: actually
cheap for $1500. DOLAN CO.. owners.
A HOME
That will pay for itself for sale by the Me-
chanics' Home Building Company; two new,
modern flats of 5 and 6 rooms, high base-
ment; large lot; on east side of Third ave.,
between- A and B sts., north of park. Sea
them to-day. Agent on ground.
$3750 — A f»-ROOM residence: porcelain plumb-
Ing; modern mantels tiling; lot 25x120, with
rear L; west line; 129 2d ave.. 180 ft. south
Lake or Sacramento st. ; $500 cash; $30 mo.;
same as rent. Dolan Co., owners, 24 Mont,
FIVE-ROOM : cottage; porcelain plumbing,
modern Improvements, laundry, yard; rent
$25; north\slde of O'Farrell st.;,$3600 only.
Inquire 1301 Devlsadero St.
FREE homestead presented by Uncle Sam un-
der new Government canal • In Nevada. See
J. E. GORDON. 628 Crossley bldg.. 2:30 to 9
,<p. m. dally ) '
MONEY at 6 per cent for the full cost of build-
ings and part lot. Manhattan Savings Bank.
107-8 Crocker building. , •
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH A- MAYER. Plumbers. 83« Howard st.
REAL * ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.""
FOR * EXCHANGE."..
$20,000 ONLY for one of the beet ranches In
• Napa. Valley; 124 acres of A No 1 land and
Improvements for about $10,000. P. C. LAS-
SEN & CO., itiS Tentb at., Oakland, Cal.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ARDELL, 15 Page — 3 furn. housekeeping rms.;
lower floor; yard; sink; gas; $3 week.
BUSH, 855— Two to 4 furnished housekeeping
rooms: rent low; also single rooms; central.
BUSH. 1423A — Unfurnished front room and
regular kitchen; reasonable.
CALIFORNIA, 1264 — 2 or 3 nice sunny rooms;
running water; very convenient; Nob Hill.
CALIFORNIA, 130t— Sunny front bay-window
room A- kitchen, connecting: reas. ;no chlld'n.
CALIFORNIA. 3031— Three sunny rooms, nice-
ly furnished for housekeeping; gas range;
garden. '
CAPP. 767— Two elegant sunny front rooms;
gas range, running water, bath.
CASTRO. 231— Nicely furnished sunny front al-
cove Hulte; light housekpg.; running water.
CHESTNUT. 293, North Beach— Sun and view;
gQod quiet' place; housekeeping.
CLAY. 1429— Large front room with small
connecting kitchen; first floor: yard.
CLAY. 1518 — Clean, sunny connecting rooms
for housekeeping; gas . range: bath; choice
location. ' V
DEVISADERO. 513—2 large front unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping.
DEVISADERO. 140S— 2 iTewly furnished bouse-
keeping rooms; sunny. !
EDDY, 933 — Nicely furnished or unfurnished j
4-room apartments: bath; phone; private j
residence; reasonable.
EIGHTH, 10U — Housekeeping rooms furnished; j
bedroom and kitchen.
ELLIS. 613 — Two extra nice sunny rooms for
housekeeping; first floor; private family.
FELL. 12O — Sunny housekeeping rooms; bath,
gas; phone, running water.
FOLSOM. 2612. near. Twenty-second — 2 unfur-
nished sunny front rooms; gas; bath; rea-
sonable.
GEARY. 777 — Sunny housekeeping rooms; Urge
and airy; nicely furnished; reasonable.
GEARY. 1432 — Sunny suite; gas range: also
large sunny room, suitable for dressmaking.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 811—3 large well-fur-
nished rooms, complete; on main floor.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1221—3 sunny bay-wln-
dnw unfurnished rooms; bath, yard; $16.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1529. near Scott st. —
' Floor of 4 rooms furnished complete for
housekeeping; rent cheap, as party has to
leave the city.
HAYES. 79e — Two sunny front rooms, unfur-
nished; housekeeping; very reasonable.
JESSIE. 333 — Sunny parlor, furnished for
housekeeping; gas range, sink, closet; $3 wk.
JONES. 617 — Nice suite of rooms for light
housekeeping.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
Sunny, furnished 3-rocm suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lichted; free baths; rate $30 up.
LARKIN, 1007. corner Post. The Cragburn—
Eunny furnished room*, single or en aulte;
housekeeping apartments a specialty: baths;
reduced rates for summer; Larkin and 3ut-
ter-st. cars pass house.
LEAVENWORTH. 1110—2 sunny rooms, fur-
nlshed; gas range; water; yard; oheap.
MCALLISTER. 1400, cor. Pl«rc«— Elegantly
furnlshsd sunny corner kousrkeeptKg suite*:
electric lights, gas. bath, phone; reasonable.
MCALLISTER, ion — 3 sunny connecting
housekeeping: complete; kitchen; gaa; all
convenience; bath; reasonable.
MINNA. 454C, bet. Fifth and Sixth— 2 rooms,
furnished complete for housekeeping; sep-
arate entrance.
NINTH. 155 — 2 large, furnished room*, com-
plete housekeeping: gas range; prlv. family.
OAK, 10 — 2 rooms complete for housekeeping:
us* of piano.
OAK, 904 — Newly furnished sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; water; laundry; bath; phone; no
children.
PEARL. 3. cor. Market — 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms, $14-$15; no children.
POST. • 1422 — A suite of larg? sunny porlors:
nicely furnished for light housekeeping; also
an alcove aulte very reasonable".
SCOTT, 300. NE. cor. Page^ — 2 newly furnished
rooms In private house; sun all day; near
Halght-st. car line.
STANYAN. 804. opp. Park — 3 or* 4 front sunny
connecting rooms.
Taylor. 911 — Furn. suite, gas range, water.
$12 50; 2 rooms, gas range. $10: 1 rm. $7 50.
TWENTY-FIRST. 2944 — Large corner furnish-
ed bay-window housekeeping rooms.
VALENCIA. 900— Nicely furnished sunny al-
cove suite' and kitchen; gas range; bath; no
children.
VALENCIA. 103.1 — 3 large sunny furnished
rooms: coal and gas stove; bath; yard.
VAN NESS ave., 512 — Elegant sunny parlor
for 2 gents or doctor; suits for housekeep-
ing; modi-rn corner house; new furnished.
VAN NESS ave., 1004 — 2 large sunny newly
papered rooms; new carpets; gas range:
bath.
iPABITHEItT HOUSES.
ST.CECILE 115 Fell.above Van Ness ave. — The
acme of perfection In modern, elegantly fur-
nished 3-room apartment*, with private baths,
steam heat, electric light, elevator, gas rang%«.
$30. $35. $37. $40. $45. $47 50. $50. $55. .
ST. LOUIS. 1375 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-3
room«: furn. or unfurn.: refs. Tel. East 1350.
HOOMS TO LKT— —Korn. snd Vntarn.
c— tIIe^StTIcahtrTn^ ~"~ *
N. E COR. ELLI3 AND LEAVENWORTH.
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN CITY;
NEW HOUSE: FIRST CLASS;
JUST FURNISHED; HAIR MAT-
TRESSES IN EVERY ROOM: HOT
AND COLD WATER BATHS;
STEAM HEAT. ELEVATOR SER-
VICE: EVERY MODERN CON-
VENIENCE; ROOMS $3 PER
_ WEEK UP. ¦
JUST TO REMIND YOU
— BAGGAGE DELIVERED FREE
Elegantly fur. large front room; Kearny st. ;
day week or month. 2 large rooms with use
of kitchen; 3 single rooms, from $2 to $-3
week; 1 large, sunny parlor, with kitchen;
yard collection. Folson st. Cheap rooms.
Third St.; many others. Apply 765 Mar-
ket st., room 3.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth *t. — Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
AT "The Almonte." S73 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Room*. 25c, 60c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH 502 — Rooms; all comforts; double and
single; must be reen to be appreciated.
BUSH, 1011 — Exceptionally large sunny roumi
large closet, bath, phone; desirable; central.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; pricts reasonable.
DEVISADERO, 106 — Four well-furnished sun-
ny rooms and bath.
EIGHTH ave.. 700— Neatly furnished rooms,
within one block of Golden Gate Park.
ELEVENTH. 21— Elegant rooms, single or en
suite; furnished or unfurnished; references.
j ELLIS, 928 — 2 newly furn. rooms, new flat;
running water, electricity, hot baths. Flat 4.
ELLIS. 1040— Sunny suite of single rooms, one
unfurnished.
ELLIS. 1162— Double room with lavatory,
also social hall, for two or three gentlemen.
ELMER. v 324 Bush — Nicely furnished rooms.
day, week or month; reasonable.
FAUSTINA, 042 Geary — We are makin* sum-
mer rates; newty furnished rooms; modern
conveniences; select.
FOLSOM 55S — Three unfurnished, sunny
rooms, range; large yard.
FULTON, 7T~opposite City Hall— Two nicely
furnished rooms; to men only.
GEARY, 624— Newly furnished sunny rooms;
day. week cr. month.
GEARY, S30, bet. Hyde and Larktn— Large
| sunny bay-window front roor . with alcove;
I phone: bath; reasonable: one cr two gen tit-
men.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $0 wk. ; reading-room.
HARRISON. 784«4. near 4th— Finely furnished
j. sunny room*: bath; homelike; $1 week up.
HAYES. «>72— Newly furnished sunny room;
t bath: phone Fell 1237. .
HOTEL KYLE. 230 Powell— New building,
newly furnished; batchelors' quarters, tour-
ist, theatrical.
HOTEL DUFFERIN. 748 Ellis— Elegantly fur-
nlched suite* and single rooms.
JONES. 207 (Van Winkle)— Furnished sunny
rms. ;- suite er single: gent* preferred: $2 up
JESSIE. 3«3. east of U. S. Mint— Furnished
rooms $5 and $<J; : beds $10 per month. <
medical. iu
LADIES deElrlng safe, sure and'quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures- no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
WCE FREE; 17 >ears' experience in all fe-
rrale disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE.
»02 Market st.. rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complalj.ts and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ivliable specialist for all fe-
niale troubles and irregularities; instant re- '¦
lief guaranteed. lOCS^ Market st.. opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All"who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complainrs: positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped: the most difficult cases treated;
advlre free. Office. 101S Market st.
SPECIALIST for women; DR. R. H. WES-
TON, office 305 Kearny st. ; hours, 10-4. 7-8:
consult u graduate physician; It pays: lr»*gu-
larltks relieved; safe, sure and confidential.
Drs. Goodwin. 7:53 Turk, above Van Ness — Ex-
pert In obstetrics, female complaints; inst. ;
relief; treatment $10; hours 10 to 5; 25 yr».ex.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
sr*clallbt: a private home before and during
confinement: best medical low fees.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having secured lease of
premise- 1 . U permanently located at 511A
Leavcnwprth st, btt. Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES' Irregularities cured; 18 years' ex.;
private. DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny st.
LADIES— Kuir.round; safe. sure, never falls;
$2. Gleas-on-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom St., corner
20th; ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines 2d-hand machinery. McIlJ-
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay;
need* no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beal* st.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
reef* with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to stop all !eak» in the one and preserve the
: new. 205 Front st.: tel Main 1428.
H. B. SMITH mortlcer heavy; Fay gig saw; 5
spindle boring machine heavy; 10 spindle
.' boring machine. Berkeley Planing Mill,
Berkeley.
A— FINE suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny St..
near Bush; open to 9 p. ro., Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
GENTS' full dr»«s. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton st.
DIAMONDS, watcbes and jewelry for sale on
rmall weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st.,
upstairs.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny St., near
Pine; open to 0 p. m.; Sundays to noon.
TRY cur men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay expires*
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid. ; catalog free.
SECOND-HAND sealskins, old gold and dia-
monds bought; eend postal; will call. New
Municipal Loan Office. C17 Washington st.
HEADQUARTERS for noveltle«; celebrations
and carnivals. M. NEWMAN. 307 5th st..S.F.
LAUNCH hunting cabin for sale. C. A. Mc-
NEAL LAUNCH CO.. foot Clay St.
FOR sale — Elegant electric bath cabinet; reas-
onable. Electric Works. 227 E11U st.
DeFk sale this week only. 20 per cent off regu-
lar prices. Richardson Bro»., 1616 Market St.
BEST white lead 7c per doutvI: to painters
l*ss. BUTCHER. 741 Mission Ft.
AWNINGS, tents.new.second-hand. SUN TENT
& AWNINO CO., 42 Spear et.; tel. John G48G.
TFNTS for rent cr sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT & AWNING Co..S5 Mkt.Tel.Bush 859.
PIGEONS — All the leading varieties: stamp for
catalogue. C. WILSON, office 229 Stevenson.
BRITANNICA Encyclopedia, latest edition. 31
vola. KING'S. Cl McAllister St., nr. Market.
EDISON Phonograph Agency. Peter Baclgalupl,
moved to 7S6 Mission st. •
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap; som*
new; 10x16. 319 Third St.; tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER Si CO.. 110 Montg*y.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 132» Market st.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER^
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery St.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A- Dreck. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
A CO.. 122 Market st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont St.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for old gold, eeaUkins, dia-
monds, rents' full dress suits, etc.; send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton st.
MORRIS gli'e* highest prices for ladles' I and
gents' castoff clothing; postal. 943 Folsom.
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing. Tel.
Davis 825; C50 Sacramento at.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th *L; tel. Jessie 2831.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 7»2 Mission; phone Hush 467.
MOSEY TO LOAX.
AAA— HERMAn'IjURPHY; ' ~~~" " "
601-eO2-e03 Examiner bulMlng.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property In trust,
etc; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential. '
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
________
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels,
Location, etc.
Box 490. Call office.
LOWEST BANK RATE. ~~
Any amount; first and second mortgage*.
"eeiates In probate, undivided Interest in
estates, assignments of rents, etc., at lowest
rate of Interest.
RIVERS BROS., 205 Montgomery st.
SALARY LOANS— ~ '
Money loaned salaried people without eectir.
Ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates: ctrictly confidential. National
Credit Co., CS Dononoe bldg.. 1170 Market st
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
646 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned en diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables, our fireproof vault Is protect-
ed from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton; phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boardlDg-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In
46 principal cltlee. Tolinan, 553 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loat, and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
•t. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew.
elry and valuable* at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery St.. rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
~^_ loweit rat *" on furniture and pianos; strict
fi-U££t V ?° 5° mmlMlon ;'n«tallmenu accepted.
BONKLLL 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
BTAR -< L ?* n °?- of Wyoming "loan, money to
Ki* r J? d M em 5 10 ??- R - 3U - Mutual 8av. Bk.
bid; Oakland office. 1103^ Brdwy.. suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANB FROM $1 TO $10.000.
TO ralaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed note* and other security. S.
F. Discount Armey. HZ I'helaa bide
ROOMS TO LET — Farn. stnd lnfar*<
KEARNY^ 41S^Elegantly furnished largo
front; also stnele rooms: $2 to $3 week.
LAS PALMAS. 1S20 Market— Sunny suite*, sin-
. gle rooms; tourists; summer rates; tel. Fol-
som 1S56.
LAOU.VA, 900 — Newly furnished sunny front
room; near Jefferson square.
, LARKIN. 804 — Large, sunny room for 2 gentsv
I 2 beds. $3: single room. $4.
LEAVENWORTH. 716— A sunny furnished
suite, suitable for house keepinsr; reasonable.
LYON. 22. cor. Page— Neatly furnished front
sunny room; every ronvenlence; running
water, phone bath; reasonable; 1 block from;
-¦park.
MARKET. 719. three doors west Call bldg.—
Furnished rooms by the day. week or month;
reasonable; also housekeeping.
MASON. 611 — Several newly furnished sunny
rooms; free baths;
MCALLISTER. S9.» — New modem flat: elec-
tric lights: nicely furnished front suite:
kitchen If desired; also another sunny room:
reasonable.
MCALLISTER. 1342^ — Sunny front parlor suite]
breakfast if deeired; bath; phone Page 104.
MISSION. 2022— Very pleasant large, sunny
j room; 1 or 2 gentlemen: reasonable.
! MISSION. 2562— Nicely 7urnished~rooni In prU
vate family.
j O'FARRELL. 332— Nicely furnished parlor*;
1 sunny suite or single; light hskpg. If desired.
O'FARRELL. 71»7. cor. Larkin— Nicely fur-
nished sunny corner suite and bath; other
sunny rooms.
O'FARRELL. 11B4— Elegant. newly fur-
nished room*: front, side, rear: sunny: run-
ning water; references exchanged; doum
changed hands and renovated throughout.
POST, *so. n?ar Hyde— Large furnished front
i room; bath; gas; for 1 or 2 gents.
POST, 2273, near Devlsadero — Two lovely sub-
ny unfurnished front rooms; rent reasonable.
POWELL. 1005 (The Virginia)— A «nap; ele-
gant front suite, partly furnished: marine
view; runnlnx water.
ROYAL House. 12S ElHs— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rcoct be* r.lrht. :;.">c to $1 SO: week. $3
to $8: month. $9 to $30; elevator oa ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SIXTEENTH. 2900. near Howard— Newly fur^
nlihed sunny rooms; reasonable.
STEINKR. 208. corner cf Waller— 1 or 2 ua-
furnijhed or fumlsh'd rooms; sun all day.
STEVENSON. 707H. near Ninth— Nicely fur-
nished front room; $1 25 week.
SUTTER. S.S1— Nicely furnished front rooms;
bath, phtvr.e, running water; very cheap.
THE WESTMINSTER.
614 SUTTER ST.— HANDHOMELT VtTRft-
I3HED SUNNY BAY-WINDOW SUITES.
THE FALMOUTH. 1049A Market *t.— Sunny
room*"; hot and cold water: elevator: $2 to 17.
TURK. 77S — A young coiiDle will rent the,
prettiest innn; suite unfur. new and mod-
ern: no children; reasonable; choice location.
UNITED STATES. 12.1 Eddy, near Market — 10O
rooms 32c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator. read.-room; free bus; baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d et.. near Market-1
Most convenient and respectable: 700 roomst
3*c ta $1 ro night; $2 to $9 week: elevator;
elec. Tights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF Hcuse, 202 Sixth st. — Rooms from 133
to $1 per night and from P0c to $5 per week.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, ccr. Duncan & Church sta.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
KOOilS AITD BOAJtD.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
TniS SELECT FAMILY HOTEL. BEAUTI-
FULLY SITUATED ON THE FINEST COR-
NER OF VAN' NESS AVE.. NOW THOR-
OUGHLY RENOVATKD AND EQUIPPED
WITH ALL TIIE LATEST IMPROVEMENTS.
IS READY TO RECEIVE GUESTS.
1015 VAN XE?S. COR. GEARY.
APPLY TO MRS. E. WINDKLE. MANAGER.
"~ ~ TIIE WESTMINSTER.
614 SUTTER ST.— HANDSOMELY FURN-
ISHED SINNY BAY-WINDOW 8UITE3:
OTHKB ROOM3. _
FRANKLIN. S!)8 — Elegant newly furnished
rooms, en suite or Bir.gle. In private bouse;
all modern conveniences; first-class table;
choice location; central; reasonable.
BEAUTIr'UL sunny rooras.exctllent home cook-
Ir.jr. $20 per no.; 2 meals, $1S; jentlemen.
11^0 Gouch st '.-•¦** ' ¦
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1031. near Jefferson
Park — Newly furnished rooms; hath; private
house: good board. $23 ; two. $o5.
FILLMORE. 1CO7. NW. cor. McAllister — Larg<9
sunny bay-window room. bath, with or with-
out board: private family.
MARI/V.VF: (Tne>. 13*K> Post— Newly and el«-
gantly fnrnisbed rooms, single and en suite;
table beard; re^Jonatle- references.
PINE. 1009 — New management; nicely for*
niah'cd suites and single rooms; excellent ta-
bje; private; references. Phone Polk 3001.
FIRST. 194 — Nice furnished front room, with)
board If dsslrcd: reasonable^
ELLIS. 453— Nicely furnUhed. with board; re»«
sonable; also French table board.
FOLSOM, 2«12 — Large, sunny front room; goo4
board; $40 per month; for two gentlemen.
GEARY. 501. Hotel L' Albion — Family room*
and toard; entirely renovated; reas. prices.
HOWARD. S41A— Firsi-class beard and room,
single or double. $5-$A wk. ; American family.
PACIFIC ave.. 1716. above Van Ness — Large,
sunny rooms; use parlor: excellent board.
ROOMS AND DOARP WANTED.
WANTED — By middle-aged man. a large well
furnished front room, with use of bath, in
private family where there are no othep
boarders or roomers: with or without board;
pive particulars. Box 3322. Call office. j.
BOARD and suite of rooms wanted for man
and wife; state rates. Box 2197, Call office.
WANTED — Board and room for gentleman. $•
per week. Box 806, Call office.
""" — pkOPOSALS.
PROPOSALS — State Prison Supplies — Sealed
proposals will be received at tbe office o?
the Clerk at the State Prison. Sao Quentla.
until 10:30 a. m.. SATURDAY, the 1SU» da/
of June. 1Uv4. and at the office of the Clerk
of the State Prison at Folsom until d:3« a.
m SATURDAY, the 25th day of June.
1904. at which times and places they will
be opened in the presence of bidders, for
furnishing and delivering supplies for said
prisons consisting of subsistence stores,
tcrage. fuel fuel oil. furnishing power to>
run tbe Jute mill and electrical appliances
for jute mill it San Que ruin, clothing, med-
icines lime, cement and other staple sup-
plies, front July I. 1004. to June 30. 1900. In-
clusive, on conditions a* per printed sched-
ules which will be furnished upon applica-
tion at either of the above offices. No b 4
will be considered unless made upon ui<l
schedule*, nor unless accompanied by th»
certified check therein required, nor from
any other parties than bona fid* dealer* in
the classes of articles to be furnished. Eaea
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check upon some well known and re-
»l-on»lble banking hcuse for at least 10 per
cent cf. the amount of hi* bid. payable to>
the President of the Board, conditioned that
the bidder will enter into a contract upon
nctlce of acceptance, as required by law.
Bid* for either prison must be marked sep-
arately. All payments made on contract wilt
fcr paid in cash or Controller's warrants.
Bidders will carefully follow the conditions
cf the schedules. The Board reserves th*
right to reject any or all bids, as the publio
Interest may require, and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified.
. R. M. FITZGERALD. PresWant 3. M.
OUVER. Clerk.
PROPOSALS for Steam Pump, etc.— Ofnc»
Depot Quartermaster. 36 New Montgomery
street. 8an Francisco, Cal.. June 13th. 1904.
Sealed proposal*, in triplicate, subject to
usual condlticns. will be received here until
11 o'clock a. m. Saturday. June 23th. 1901.
and then opened, for furnishing 1 Steam
Pump. Pipe and Fittings, for Camp Downe»
and Camp Overton. P. I. Preference win
bo given to articles of domestic production
and manufacture, condition of price anil
quality being equal (Including In the pries
of foreign production the duty thereon). ¦ Tha
U S reserves right to accept or reject
any or all proposals or any part thereof.
Information and blank proposals famished,
on application. Envelopes containing pro-
posals to be market "Proposals for Plp«
and Fittings No. 4«50." and addressed to
Major C. A. Devol. Qr. Mr.. U. 8. A.
Depot Quartermaster^
Continued on Paso Fourteen, _jGuatemala and Mexican — 14@15c for fancy
washed; 12&13%c for prime to strictly prime
washed- lligll'ic for strictly good washed;
10«4c for good washed; 9>i@10Vic for fair
washed: 8Vi0T0c for medium; 7J/7-%c for in
ferior to ordinary: 10%@12Uc for good to
prime washed peaberry; ~9%©l0c for good to
prime unwashed peaberry; hHtT'OUc for good
to superior unwashed. '
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 29®31c: extra
heavy, 31633c prr lb; medium, 2U&
29c: light. 22@27c; Rough leather. 24§26c:
Harness Leather, heavy, 33@S9c for No. 1 and
:<0@33c for No. 2; medium 30037c; light. 290
35r: Skirting. No. 1, 40<&42c; No. 2. 3C®3*c;
Collar Leather. 16016c per foot; Trace Leather,
40644c; Kip. unfinished. 40650c per lb; Veal.
finished. M>e«0c prr Il>: Calf, finished, 65ceil
pir lb; Wax Isides, \<i r s 17c per foot; Belt Knife
unwashed; 9%01Oc for, good to prime un
wanhed peaberry.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Fifteen.
On the Stock and Bond Exchange* Alaska
Packers was hither at $137 5C<&'137 75, but I
th«re were no other change*. Trading was \
eood in bonds, but light in stocks. The oil j
stocks continued very quiet and . there was
nothing new worthy of note in mining stocks |
except a lower range of quotations for the
Com8tocks. Ophir selling down to $3 00 at the
close. The Tonopabs continued active.
The Oregon Railroad and Navigation Com
pany has declared a regular semi-annual divi
dend of $2 per share on the preferred stock,
payable July 1.
The California Fruit Canners* Association
has declared a regular monthly dtvidend of 6Oo
per share, payable June 20.
The Ophlr Mining Company has been notified
of the shipment of two more railroad carloads
of ore. making a total of eighteen carloads on
the way or in process of gale.
The Union Trust Company has declared semi
annual dividends at the rate of 3 per. cent per
annum on ordinary deposits and 3.30 per cent
on term, payable July 1. These are the aame
rates that were paid for the six months ended
December 31, 1903. .
STOCK AND BOM) EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, June 14—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
BId.Ask.] BId.Ask.
4s v coup.. 107 — 14s <jr cp new.l32H133tt
4s qr reg...lO6 106HI3s qr coup... 105ft —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. 101 — O "t Co 6s..ll8«4 —
Bay CPC Bs. — 102 Do 6s 111H —
Cal C O 5s.. — 104 Do con 5a.. — 103
Cal G & E g Oceanic 5 5a. — 75
m & ct 6s. 84% 83VitOm Cable 6s. — 125
Cal-st C6s.. — 117»i! Pac G Im 4s. 91H »4H
C C Wat 5s. — 101 I P E Ry 5s..lO4*4lO5V4
Ed L & P 68.123% — |P4CH 6s. 105 —
F & C H 68.114H — P & O R 6s. — 118
Geary-st 5s. — 65 Powell-st 6s. — 114
H C&S 6HB.100 — Sac EG&R 6s — —
Do 6s 07% — SF &. SJV 5S.116U —
Hon R T 6s. 105 — Sierra R 6s. — 115
L A Elec 5s. — 105 S P of A 6s
L A Ry 6s. .111% — (1909) 10S —
L A L Co tis — — (1010) 109 —
Do Rtft «s. — — UlK)5)Sr A. 102 —
Do Btd 5s.lO2»4 — I (l»05)Sr B.1O2>4 —
LAP lem 6s. 101 — (t»06) 104*4 —
Mkt-st C fis.HSU — (1012) 115 116
DolcmSs.im; — SPC leg 6s. .110 —
MV&MtT 6s. 101% — Do «tmpd..lO7«i —
NRR of C6S.1O7H — S P B R Cs.131% —
Do 5s 11SV»117 S V W 6s.. — —
N P C R 68.104 — Do 4s 2dm. 98% 89
N C Ry 6s. .110 112 Do 4» 3dm. — 09
N C P C 6a. OS — SV g mtg 4s. 97% —
N 8 R R 5s. 97 — Stkn O4K 0a. — 101
O.G L*H 6s.lO7 — U G & E 6s. — 10»
O W gtd 6s. -- 100
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 40 I Port Costa... — —
Marln Co... — 60 f,S V W Co.. 37% S7%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% 4 |S F G & E. . 61% 62
Mutual E L. 11 »« 12% Btkn G & E. 5% —
Pac L Co... 56% — |U G & E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — 335 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.127% — |L P & A.... 150 160
Anglo-Cal .. 83% 86% Mer Trust... — 215
Bank of Cal. 425 — Merch Ex 60 —
Cal Safe Dp. 145 147% S F National — —
First Nationl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Gcr S ft L.2280 2360 Sav A L So.. — 100
H^im S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk . . — 450
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.640 —
8TREET RAILROADS.
California ..191 200 (Presidio 40% —
Geary — 60 I
POWDER.
Giant ...... 60K 61 IVIgorlt — 8
. SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 15c iKUauea S C. — 4
Hawaiian C. 60 51 iMakawell C. 21U —
Honokaa S C 11»J 12 lOnomea S C. 24 27U
Hutch S P C 8 9 |Paauhau S C. 13
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.137%13«%|OceanJc S C. 4 —
Cal F C A.. — 100 |Pac A F A.. 5 6
Cal WJne A. 89% 91 I Pac C Borax. 157% —
MV&Mt Tm.100 — J
Morning Session.
Board —
25 Giant Powder Con 60 78
60 Makawell 21 60
$1,000 U S 4s coupon (old) 107 00
91.000 CrI Gas and Klec gen m ct 5s.. 85 00
Street —
10 Paauhau S P Co 13 00
(12.000 S P Cal 1st con 5s (stamped).. 1 OH 00
$8,000 Market-street Cable 6s 117 00
Afternoon Session. ¦
Board —
20 Alaska Packers* Asan 137 60
20 Alaska Packers' Assn 137 76
15 Makawcll 21 60
20 Oceanic S S Co 4 25
6 Paauhau S P Co il3 00
10 8 F Gas and F.lectrlc 61 02%
$1,000 Sacramento E a & Ry 5s. 96 60
$1,000 L A Pac R R 1st con 6s 101 25
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
BId.Ask. BId.Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. — 99 S P C Ry 4s. — 100
B L Wat 6s. — — SPC»4%8..99 _
C N W R 5« — 112 Sun T&T 6s. 113 —
M C Wat 68.100 — Do 6s — 105
Rla I W 6«. — 107% Sutter-st 5s. 105 113
SF Drdk 6*. — 113% UR of SF 4a. 78*4 79%
SF & NP 6s. — 111%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co.. — 30 Mat Nav Co. — . 9$
Am Bis Co.. — 90 Mills Ntl Bk. — —
Cal Cot Mills 80 87 Nev Ntl Bk.. 180 200
C O & E Cor 45 — NSRR.... 9>-i — •
O Jockey Cl. — — N C P C... — 11
Cal Powder. — 150 Oak Bk Sav.. 11 2% —
iCal Ship Co. 21 27 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I aV T.115 — IOOF Hall A 6 —
Cen Bk Oak — 65 Orpheum Co. — 15%
Chutes Co.. 6*4 7% Pac C Caa.,125
City & C Bk — 112 Pac 8 T & T.100 —
, Cyp L I Co. — 7H Pac 8urety.. — —
1 East Dynm.. — 250 Paraf Paint.. 38 —
DuP Pdr Co. — 90 8 F Drydock. «0 —
1 Do com... — 50 SF&SJV Coal 25 32%
I FN Bk Oak. 120 — S J .Wat Co. — 106
Fischer Thtr 85c — 8 O&Tgbt Co. 125 —
Frnch-A Bk.108 — . Swlsa-A Bk.115 _
Gaa Con A.. — 22 Truckee Elec. 11 12%
Hono P Co.. 14 — UR InCo pfd 46% —
Lon SF Bk. — 60 | Do com.... 9 —
Morning Sales. * .
Street —
10 American Biscuit Co SO 00
Afternoon Sales.
. Street —
$4000 U R R of S F 4a 79 00
Frank O. and Mary J. Erickton to John M.
and Sarah A. Kewlng, lot on B line of Dolores
Ftrert, 101:6 N of Day. N 25 by K 75. S 126
E 25. S 12:0. W UiO; $10.
Estate of David R. Jones, by Chariea C.
Bemls. executor, to I*. Frtedfander and F. K.
Houston. lot on S line of California streets. 25
E of Kearny. E 25 by 8 60; $35,000.
Jesus I*. Prince to Agostino Plagglo and
Giuseppe Bolarl. lot on S line of Pacific street.
114:0 E of Powell. E 23 by S 67:6; $1675.
John Shirley to E. T. Fletcher, lot on W line
ot Mason street, 05:2 ',4 N of Pacific, N 2 by W
137:6,-<nittelalm deed; $5.
Marlon and Frances Leventrltt to James Dw
Phelan, lot on NK corner of Post and Taylor
streets, E 105 by N 97:6; $10.
Carl V. and Emelle C. Anderson to E. W.
Lick. lot on NE corner of. Chestnut and Leav
enworth struts. B 25 by N 67:6:. $10.
Caroline E. G. and Thomas G. Jacques to
Anna Stulz, lot on E line of Leavenworth
meet. 98:10 S of I .om bard. S 38:8. E 110. N
37:«. W 67:6. N 1 :2, W 62:6; $10.
Kred P. Stoddart, by F. M. Thall, commis
sioner, to Lucius L. Solomons, lot on NW line
of Tehama street. 150 NE of Second. NE 25
by NW 80: also lot on N line of Tehama street,
205 W of First. W 25 by N SO; also lot on'NW
line, of Tehama street. 287:6 NE of Fourth.
NE 25 by NW 80; $975.
.Annie Phair (Phelr) to John Melerdlerks, lot
on NW line of Tehama street, 112:6 NE of
Fourth. NE 25 by NW 80; $10.
Charity Hayward to Emma Rose, lot on NE
line of Eighth street. 50 NE of Harrison, SB
50 by NE 85; also lot on NE Una of Eighth
street. 200 SE of Harrison. SE 60 by NE 85:
also lot on SW line of Hayward street, 200 SB
of Harrison. SE 60 by SW 80; also lot on 8B
line of Harrison street. 85 NE of Eighth. NE
50 by SE 75: also lot on N line of Post street.
91 :S W of Jones, W.1I by N «8;9; also lot!
on NB corner of Fulton and Polk streets, D
412:6 by N 120; also all property In San Fran
cIeco. reserving life estate; gift. *
Real Estato-'anrI Development Company^. to-
Frank J : Weiss, lot on SW corner of Texas
and Eighteenth streets. 8 60 by W 100; grant.
-Jane B. Gorman to C. E. Merrlck, lot on N
line of Clement street, 67 :tt W of Twenty-third
avenue. W 25 by N 100; $10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Moses
Fisher, lot on W line of First avenue. 125 S
of B street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Jose Ferrando. lot
on W line of Forty-eighth avenue, 62:6 8 of K
street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
Rachel Wise to Charles T. Spader, lot on W
lino of Peabody (Pyrne) street, 201 N ot Sunny-
Caroline W. and Walter H. Baker and Henry
M. White ly to Emma L. Hunt, lot on SE cor
ner of Washington and Laurel streets, E 31
by S 102:8U; $10.
Ella C. McHenry to Nellie A. Sullivan, un
divided one-third of lot on N line of o'Far
rell street. 436:6 W of Stelner, W 37 by N
82:6, 187S to 1882 O'Farrell; $10.
Frenck O. Renstrom to Mary A. Burke, lot
on NW corner of Cumberland and Church
streets. N««byW 105; $10.
Mary A. Avery to Jamea and Elizabeth Ar
nott. lot on N line of Noe street, 70 N of
Nineteenth. N 26 by W 83; $10.
Realty Improvement Comoany to Albert J.
Mitchell, lot on S line of Duboce avenue, 77:6
W of Castro, W 25 by 8 100; $7250.
Hibemia f?avln»s and Loan Society to
Charles W. Hanna. lot on W line of Fair
Oaks street. 35 S of Twenty-flfth. 8 28 by W
10O: $650.
/ II. P. Herrick to John A. Grennan. lot on
SE corner of Pacific and Polk streets, E 30
by S CO (quitclaim deed); $5.
Patrick McGtnn to same, same (quitclaim
deed): $5.
Dorothy Dustan to Mary R. Dustan, lot on
N line of Bush street, 100 W of Van Neu
avenue, W 187:6 by N 120; gift.
Annie G. IJufTy (alias) to G. Alexander and
Dora Hoffman, lot on N line of California
»tre»t, 137 :t» E of Octavla, E 15 by N 127:8K;
$1750.
Simon Sullivan to Peter Sullivan, lot on S
line of Hayes street, 140 W of Webster. W 25
by S 137:6: $10.
Anna Olqulst et al. to Glacomo Masso
letti. lot on S line of Greenwich street, 107:6
E of Fillmore. E 30 by 8 120; $10. .
Milton S. and Lena A. Eisner to R. C. An
drus and O. F. Sites, lot on NE corner of
AVashington atreet tnd Presidio avenue B
63:5 by N 127:8>i: $10.
Mary B. and Kdwln V. Livers to aame, lot
on N line of Washington street 63:5 E of
Presidio avenue. E 27:6 by N 127:8li; $10.
Benjamin Healey to Ellen Hutton.-lot on
E lino of Cook street, 414:10 N of Point Lobos
avenue, N 25 by E 120; $10. '
TUESDAY. JUNE 14.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
' Same owner with Sartorlus A Co. (contract
ors), architects same — Wrought cast-iron and
steel work for same, on same; $1572 50.
Emma F. Piatt (owner) with- W. L. Mooro
(ccntractor). architect William Knowles — All
work for a two-story attic and basement frame
building on lot on SE corner of Washington
and Locust streets. S 102:8>; by E 37:6, West
ern Addition 819; $0350.
Rudolph Urbals (owner) with Fred C. Jones
(contractor), plans by owner — AH work for a
5-room frame cottage with basement and attic
on lot on E line of Hampshire- street; 247:6
N of Twenty-second. E 1C0 by N 25; $2425.
John Elchenlaub (owner) with H. H. Berg
feld (contractor), architects Copeland A Pelrtre
— All work for alterations and additions to
make a two-story frame building (two flats)
on lot on E line of Castro street. 137:6 N of
Twentieth. N 27:6 by E 125; $3410.
California Baking Company (owners) with
Gcrcke & Weber (contractors), architects H.
Gellfuss & Son — Painting, etc.. for a two
story and basement brick tMIldlng on lot on
SW corner of Eddy and Flllmore streets. W
137:6 by S 110; $2160.
¦ Thomas and Elizabeth Kerrigan (owners)
with Frank McSheehy (contractor), architect
. All work except gas fixtures, mantels
and shades for a two-story frame building
(flats) on lot on E line of Capp street, 165 N
of Nineteenth, N 45 by E 122:6. Mission block
61: $4500. . \
Charles D. Mangel (owner) with Henry T.
Grleb (contractor), architects O'Brien & Wer
ner — All work except plumbing and painting
for a three-story frame building (flats) on lot
on S line of Page street. 175 W of Lyon. —
25 8 137:6, E 25. N 137:6. Western Addition
«04; $7750.
D. Belluonlnl (owner) with Cuneo Bros, (con
tractors), architect . All work except rear
of bastment for' two one-story frmne buildings
(stores) on lot on E line of First avenue, 25 N
of McAllister street. N 50 by E 100. Western
Addition 787; $8550.
Thomas Hancock (owner) with Adolf Hen
nings (contractor*, architect August Nordln —
AH work except plumbing, painting, mantels,
shades and gas fixtures for a three-story frame
building' on let on 'S line of Haight ntreet,
loo W of Masonic avenue. E 137:6 by W 53:1%,
W6*tern Addition 662; $11,340.
Mrs. T. R. Sheridan (owner) with Kern
Bros, (contractors), architects 11. H. Meyers
and C. R, Ward — AH work except plumbing,
drains, etc.. for a two-story basement and attic
fr»me building on NW line of Clay and Cherry
streets. N 125,-thcnce W 100 by N 50, WA 819;
$9760
Same owner with W. 8. Snook & Son (con
tractors), architects «amf — Plumbing, drains,
etc., for same, on same; $123S.
I. Lowenbeig (owner) with G. G. Glllesple
(contractor), architects Salfleld & Kohlberg—
Brick and carpenter work, glazing, plastering,
hardware for alterations to a two-story brick
building on SW corner of Sutter street and
Grant avenue. W 25 by S 23; $I«50.
Chariea Schirmer to Margaret R. Crossley.
block 87. Stanford Heights; also lots 13 to 48.
block* 40, lots 27 28, 31 to 36, block 47, same;
$10.
James Ward to Maurice W. P. O'Brien, lot
on E line of Boise street, 115 S of Powhattan.
S 25 by E 05; $15.
Alice H Walter to Oscar Heyman. lots 49
and 50 block 4. Mission and Thirtieth Streets
Homestead; also lots :u> and 31, block 20. IlaJl
road>avenue Homestead Association; |fo.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association . to S. I.
French, lot rn Odd Fellows' Cemetery; $18.
Builders' Contracts.
dale. N 25 by W 105:8. being lot 80. Ben
Franklin Homestead: $10.
Charles G. and Rose E. Stuhr to Llla W.
Nolte lot on N line of West Park street. 263:9
E of Holly. E 25 by N 100. lot 52. block 3.
Holly Park; $10.
Julius C. Rels to Leslie B. Henry, lot 2,
block 3 Rels Tract: grant.
Same to Mary Stott, lot 3, block 3, Rels
Tract: grant.
Elizabeth J. Tregaskls to John J. Guilfoyle,
lot on W line of Plymouth street. 100 S of
Hollow ay avenue. 8 25 by W 112:5, lot 35,
block 8 iAkeview; also lot on W line of Ply
mouth avenue. 175 S of Holloway street. S 75
by W 112:5. lot« 38 to 40, block 8, Lakevtew;
$10.
Estate of Ludwig Altscbul (by Richard Alt
schul. executor) to Anna D. Jocst. lot com
mencing on middle line of View street at Sta
tion 27. San Miguel Rancho. SW 350. NE 255.
N 161 NW 160 lots 1 and 2. block 20. San
Miguel survey: $660.
Same to same, lot on SE line of Old Hickory
and Sullivan streets. S 125 by E 140: $325.
Central ' Trust Company of California to
Charles Schirmer. lots 27, 28. 31 to 36. block
47, Stanford Heights: alto blocks 40 and 87,
same, quitclaim deed: $10.
ABERDEEN— Arrived June 14 — Stmr Coquille
River, hence June 9; stmr G. C. Llndauer.
hence June 9; schr Robert Searles, from Ean
Pedro.
Sailed June 14 — Brig Lurline. for San Fran
deco; schr R. C. Elade. for San Pedro.
ISLAND PORT.
KAHULUI— Sailed June 14— Stmr Nevadan,
for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Tuesday, June 14.
Stmr Olympic. Haasen, 67 hours from Ho
qutam.
Schr Cecilia Sudden, Bellemen. 4 daya from
Wntlapa Bay.
Bktn Gleaner, Schmeal. 4 days from Colum
bia River. v
Schr Albion, Olsen. 3 days from Sluslaw
River.
ARRIVED.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
Calif or n ia StockandO H Exchange
Apollo .... 46
Associated Trust Certificates. 18 20
California Standard 13 ••••
Caribou . 3 25 4 23
Chicago Crude * i 20
Claremont , <!o ....
Four .. ,' 65 ....
Giant ..'. f 15
Hanford 178 00 188 00
Home 1 B0
Imperial 18 00
Independence 25 27
Kern 4 75 ....
Kern River 10 00
Monarch (of Arizona) 39
Monte Cristo 65 70
Occidental of W Va 05
Oil City Petroleum 6°
Peerless 15 00
Reed Crude 1 50 ....
Sovereign 38
Sterling 2 55
j Superior 0* ..••
Thirty-three 8 25
Toltec 21 ....
Twenty-eight 8 00 ....
Miscellaneous —
Chutes Company 800
| Cypress Lawn Imp Co 7 °*
Fischer's Theater 80 00
Northern Cal Power 11 00
BALES.
Morning Session.
I • Board —
I 150 Peerless b 90 1* 00
i 200 Fischer's • 85
600 Independence 20
Street—
10 Hanford. b 00 190 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
200 Sovereign 39
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
! Morning Session.
100 Caledonia ... 74|200O Julia 09
100 Chollar 13 50 Ophlr 4 20
100 Con C & Va.l 30| 100 Silver Hill .. 46
Afternoon Session.
100 Alpha 12 50 Ophir 3 95
800 Andes ' 12 100 Overman 25
200 Caledonia ... 72 100 Overman 24
100 Con C & Va.l 25 100 Overman 23
600 Con NT.... 03 100 Potosl 12
100 Gould & Cur. 22 200 Yellow Jacket. 24
C Julia 08 100 Yellow Jacket. ' 23
Mexican 1 20
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on th* Paclflo
Stock Bxchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 27 1C0 Ophlr 4,00
, 800 Bullion ...f.. 13 100 Potosl 13
100 Caledonia ... 75 100 Silver Hill .. 46.
300 Chollar 12| 100 Silver Hill .. 45
6C0 Con C & Va.l 30| 200 Union Con .. 48
200 Exchequer . . 45 1
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 12 300 Scorpion 18
100 Bullion 12 200 Sierra Nev .. 37 |
200 Bullion 13 500 Silver Hill .. 46 i
5< >0 Overman .... 25 200 Sliver Hill .. 4T I
100 Potosl 13 400 Yellow Jacket. 24
100 Savage 17
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Bxchange yesterday:
Morning Sesnion.
1309 Egperanza ... M COO nay & O'Brien 07
2500 MV:Namara . 47 2000 Rescue .'..".... 08
1000 MacNamara . 48 400 Ton Belmont.. 68
500 MacNamara . 49 500 Ton Belmont. . 70 '
"900 MacNamara . 45 3462 Ton Midway.. 39'
1300 Mont Ton. .2 07% 2oOO, Ton Midway.. 43
1500 Ray & O'Brien OS 200 Ton N Star... 28
' Afternoon Session.
14.500 Esperanza . 021 600 Paymaster ... 08
1C00 MacNamara . 44|3800 Ray & O'Brien 07
4900 MacNamara . 45 5100 Rescue 09'
3000 MacNamara . 49 1 1400 Ton Belmont.. 70
2000 MacNamara . 60| 1000 Ton Midway.. 42'
GOri Mont Ton.. .2 07% 100 Ton Midway.. 39
200 Mont Ton ...2 10 100 Ton Gold M.. 19
800 Mont Ton ...2 05
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, June 14—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I BId.Ask.
A'nha 11 13|justtce 08 09
Alta 06 07jKentuck 03 OS
Andes - 11 12!Keyes Graes.. — 1 20
Belcher 24 25|Lady Wash .. — 06
Best & Belch. 1 00 1 15| Mexican 1 20 1 25
Bullion 11 13 Occidental .... 79 SO
Caledonia ... 71 72 Ophlr 3 00 3 95
Challenge Con 14 17 Overman 23 25
Chollar U 12 Potosl 11 IS,
Confidence ... 95 I C5 Scorpion 17 18
Con C & Va.l 25 1 SO Savage 16 18
Con Imperial. 01 02|Seg Belcher ..09 10
Con NY 02 031 Sierra Ner .. 35 38
vCrown Point. 15 161 Silver Hill ..46 4S
East Sierra N 06 — 1st Louis .... no 10
Eureka Con.. — 50| Syndicate .... 03 04
Exchequers.. 43 45| Union Con ..44 46
Gould A Cur. 20 21|UUh 15 IS'
Hale & Norc. C5 71 Yellow Jacket. 21 25
Julia 07 091
TONOPAH MINES.
BId.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Colehan — 07 Ray Tonopah.. 15 20
Ksperanza ... 02 03 Rescue 09
Gold Anchor. — 29 Ton Belmont.. 69 72
Gold M Con. 01 02 Ton Caah Boy -— 25'
Hannapah M. 25 — Ton Exten .. 95 1 05
Jim Butler... 60 1 00 Ton * G W. — 05
Little Ton .. 35 — Ton Gold M. 15 —
Lucky Tom.. — 03 Ton Midway.. 39 40 :
M -tara . 44 45 Ton of Ner.8 75 9 12 M
Mlzpah Ex . . 10 — Ton N Star. . 27 2S
Mont Ton 2 02H — Ton & Salt L 50 90
Paymaster ... — 07 United Ton . . — 12
Ray & O'Brien 07 OS
The London and Northwestern Rail
way Company has established a record
railway run. The Amer -an boat ex
press, which usually runs from Liver
pool to Easton without stop, was
pulled up at Crewe. .The Journey from
Crewe to London. 158V4 miles, was done
in exactly as many minutes, notwith
standing that on two occasions speed
was reduced to almost walking pace.
Trading Generally Light, With
Feiv Variations.
STOCK MAKKET.
Entertaining pictures of Japan and
the Japanese, as they were seen by
English sea captains nearly three hun
dred years ago are to be found in the
log kept by Captain Saris of the first
voyage to Japan to open up trade there
for the East India Company. Thanks
to the widespreading of England's
fame as victor over Spain, Saris was
received very honorably by "the old
King Foyu." The people, too, were, as
a rule, both civil and courteous to him.
although rude boys, who exist -every
1 where and at all time's, occasionally
followed the English sailors through
the streets, throwing stones and shout
ing "Core, Core, Core "Ware," which
Saris translated into "You Coreans
with false hearts."
As to their naval enterprise. Saris
says: "About eight or tenne leagues
on this side the straights of Xemina-
Seque we found a large Towne where
there lay in a Docke a Juncke of eight
hundred or a thousand tunnes of bur
then, sheathed all of yron, with a guard
appointed to keep her from firing and
treachery. Shfe was built in a very
homely fashion, much like that which
describeth Noah's Ark unto us. The
Naturals told us that she served to
transport souldiers in any of the
Hands, if rebellion or warre should
happen."
Saris coasted round to Fushlmi,
where he saw the garrison three thou
sand strong "shifted," a change that
took place every three years. "We
saw," he says, "the old Bands march
1 away, and the new enter in most Soul
dtr-like manner, marching five abreast,
and to evry ten files an Officer which is
called of Captaine of fiftle. who kept
them continually in very good order.
¦ * • Such good order was taken for
the passing and providing: for. of these
three thousand Soldiers that no man
either travelling or inhabiting upon the
way where thev lodged was any way
Injured by them, but cheerfully enter
tayned them as his guests, because
they paid for what they tooke, as all
other men did. Every Towne and Vil
lage upon the way being well fitted
with Cookes and Victualling Houses,
where they might at an Instant have
what they needed; and dyet them
selves from a pennie English a meale
to two shillings a meale."— London
Dally Chronicle.
Sea Captain on First
Visit.
Peculiar Conditions Xoted by Enslisn
The country which figures to the
smallest extent in this list is Bulgaria,
with an ocean cable about three
fourths of a mile long. Roumanla beats
her neighbor with a cable four and
one-third miles Ion*.— New York Sun.
As already mentioned. Denmark is
fourth on the list with 9488 miles. Ger
manys lags behind with 9228 miles of
cable, of which more than one-third is
owned by the Government. Its most
important cable service Is that between
the Island of Borkum, Fayal and New
York City.
The seventeen other countries which
take a financial interest in cables have
altogether only 11.131 miles of lines,
nearly all of them owned by the va
rious Governments.
Our country In second on the list with
44.470 miles of cable, nearly all in pri
vate hands, the Government control
ling only a short mileage in Alaskan
waters. The most important are the
five lines across the Atlantic and the
second great Pacific cable, completed
on July 25. 1903. by the Commercial Pa
cific Cable Company, between San
Francisco, Honolulu, Midway Island,
Guam and ..the Philippines. Another,
great line laid down by American cap
italists is that on the Pacific Coast
between the Isthmus of Tehuantepec
and Valparaiso, Chile.
France has the i third place with a
total length of 24,010 miles, of which
10,092 are the property of the state.
The most Important of the submarine
connections of France are the two lines
which connect Brest with the United
States.
The reason is that. the Great North
ern Telegraph Company, with its of
fices at Copenhagen, laid and operates
one of the most important systems in
the Orient— that which connects Vlad
ivostok with Nagasaki, Shanghai and
Hongkong.
There are ; in operation to-day 252,
436 miles of ocean cables, of which only
38,797 miles, or about 15 per cent, are
owned by Governments, the remainder
being in the hands of private owners.
Englishmen opened the first cable
line — across the narrow channel be
tween Dover and Calais, on August 28,
1850— and the Englishmen still control
a larger mileage than the capitalists
of any other country, and more than
half the total of the submarine lines.
The British cables which connect
London with all parts of the world
have a length of 154,099 miles, of which
14.963 are. owned by the Government.
Of the 189,136 miles owned by private
companies, the largest mileage is In
the Australian and Oriental lines. The
Eastern Extension, Australia and
China Telegraph Company controls 27,
609 miles and the "Western Telegraph
Company 19,880 miles.
The most important of the British
cable lines are the five that stretch
across the North Atlantic, and also the
first line stretched across the Pacific
which connects Vancouver with the
Fiji Islands, Norfolk Island. Queens
land and New Zealand, and which was
opened on December 9, 1903. Among
the many British lines also are cables
to South America and along both of its
coasts.
Denmark has a more prominent place
among countries whose capitalists have
engaged in laying -ocean cables than
might be' expected from her inferior
commercial importance. She ranks
fourth on the list, even surpassing Ger
many. '
Governments Own but 38,797 of the
252,436 Miles Stretching Under
. the Ocean.
SUB3IAR1XE CABLES
IS PRIVATE HANDS
JAPAX AS SEEN*
THREE CENTURIES AGO
Splits.' 14@16c; Rough Splits SSlOc per.lb.
TANBARK— Ground »25i?2S per ton; stick.
$16 50® 18 per cord.
OILS — Nut Oil is higher. Quotations are
for barrels; for cases add 5c; Linseed,
4»o ttr jjallon for boiled and 47c for
raw; Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1. ,70c: Bakers"
AA, $1 lOigl 12; Lucol, 43c for boiled and
4."5c for raw; China Nut. (52>,4eSOc per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil In barrels. 5Sc for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. 08c; natural winter Sperm Oil. G3c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil, 57c; natural Whale
Oil, B2c: extra winter strained Lard Oil. 75c;
No. 1 Lard Oil, C5c; pure Neatsfoot Oil, 73c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil 63c; light Herring Oil,
42c; dark Herring Oil, 40c: Salmon Oil. 24c;
boiled Fish Oil 37c; raw Fish Oil. 35c; boiled
Paint Oil, 33c; raw Paint Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk,
13Uc; Pearl Oil. in cases, 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star, 20c: Extra . Star, 24c: Elaine, 26o;
Eocene 23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, In
bulk, 16c; In cases, 22 Me; Benzine. In bulk,
13c; In cares, 19V4c; 86-degree Gasoline, In
bulk 25c: In cases 31c.
TURPENTINE— Sic per gallon In cases and
75c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. 7U@
7&C per 1b; White Lead, 7>,4@7%c, according
to quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $43@44 for local use and
$41 25042 per flask for export.
SALT— Prices to Jobbers: Bales. 00c for
common and $1 10 for granulated: Dairy, $C<s?7
p»r ton; Granulated, $707 80; Half Ground,
100-lb baits, $3 23; do. 50- 1 b bags, $3 75; Hock
Salt 12 85 in ICO and $3 25 in 50 lb bags;
Genuine Liverpool, $14. $l. r > and $10 per ton
In packages of 224 100 and CO lbs respectively.
SITGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows per lb, In 100-lb bags:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine. Crushed. 5.95c;
Powdered. 6.60c; Candy Granulated, 5.80c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.70c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.70c: Fruit Granulated. 6.70c; B«et "Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). 5.60c: Confectioners'
A, 5.70c; Magnolia A, 6.30c: Extra C, 5.20c;
Golden C. 5.10c; "D," 5o; barrels. lOo more;
half barrels, 25c more; boxes, 00c more; 50-lb
bags 10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half
barrels, 6.20c; boxes. 6.45c; H. & E. Crystal
Dominos, 8.70c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy- five barrels or its equivalent.
LUMBER— Pine, ordinary sizes. $18819: ex
tra sizes higher: Redwood. $18823; Lath. 4
feet $3 75@4; Pickets. $1T@25; Shingles, $2 for
No. 1 and $1 60 for No. 2: Shakes. $14 for
split and $15 for sawn; Rustic. $33@39.
' Receipts of Produce.
FOR TCESDAT, JUNE 14.
Flour qr sks . . 17.008 Tallow, ctl» .... 212
Wheat, ctls 1,820 Oats, ctls 222
Barley, ctls .... 8.71S Shorts, sks .... 62
Corn, ctls 520! Screenings, eks. • -50
Beans sks 2,533 Hides, No 420
Potatoes, sks .. 2.3(551 Pelts. No, 315
Onions s'ks ... 1.01 CI leather, rolls .. 129
Bran sks 100 Lime, bbls 462
Middlings, sks.. 10 Paper, reams .. 1.270
Hay. tons 260 Wine, gals 55,475
Wool, bales ... 2.141 Quicksilver, flks. 620
OREGON.
Wool, bales ... 23]
WASHINGTON.
Bran, sks 3,3341 Shorts, ska .... 2,600
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls C00|
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, JUNE 15, 1904.
14
RAILWAY TRAV11.
/
ffl CALIFORNIA %
I LIMITED TO CHICACt |
i LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS M
B at O:aO ». m., throngrh in 3 daya, B
II with diner and all tr»pplnr». fl
Other Santa F* Trains:
7:30 a. ra-1 toT Btoditon, Fresno. Bakersfield.
lioo ?! m!J M* 1^ 1 - Hanford aad Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. fcr Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St. and
Terry Depot. S. T. Also 1113 Broad-
war. Oakland. Cal. 37 SontJx First St..
San Joae.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAGIF13
XAJIWAT COMPAHT.
Tlboron Terry, root of . Market Street.
SAW FRANCISCO TO BAIT BAFAEL.
WKEK DATS— 7:30. 8:00, »:00, 11:00 a. m.;
13:33. 2:30, 3:40. 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 aad 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 :30 p. m.
SUNDATS— 7:30, 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6:30, .1:30 p. m.
SAW BAFAEL TO SAN FBANCISCO. .
WEEK DATS— 6^05. 6:50, 7:33. 7:30, 0:20.
11:15 a. m.: 12:50. t2:00, 3:40. 5:00. 5:2O.
6:23 p. in. Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:43
SUNDATS— 6:50. 7:35. »:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:43.
8:40, 4:50. 5:00. 5:20. 6:23. 7:30 p. m. fEx-
c-pt Saturdays.
Leave J In Effect I Arrive
San Fran. | May 1. 1904. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I We«k
Days. I days. | tlon. | days. | Days. ,
fisOa I 7:43a 7:43a
7:30 a 8:0Oa 8:40 a 8:40a I*
8:00a 9:30a Ignado. 10:20a 10:20a '•
2:30 p 2:30 p «:0Op «:20 p M
5:10 p 5:10 p «:20p 7:23 p 3
7:23 p •
8:45 p j
7:30 a 7:30 a 7:43 a 7:43 a I
8:00a 8:00a Nova to. 10:20a 10:20a I
2:30 p 0:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20p j 'i
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25*p 1
5:10 p Sa.nta.Rosa. 8:45 p I
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:10 a :
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:43 p 7:25 p :
Windsor, i
7:30a 7:30a Healdsburr. 10:20 a 10:20 a ,
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyserville. 7:23 p 7:23 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 7:30 at Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a '
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p ,
I | wimt^ j I
7:30 a|_7:30 a|_ Sherwood. | 7:23 p[ 7:23 p «
~S:0Oa|~8:0Oal Cuernevllle and 110:20 aJ10:2O a <
2:30 p( 2:30 p[ Camp Vacation. | 8:45 p| 6:20 p
8:00 al 8:00a " "t 18:40 a| 8:40a
5:10 p 9:30 a Sonoma. I 6:00 pi 6:20 p
I 5:10 p Glen Ellen. |8:45p|
7:30 a! 7:30 al 110:20 a|10:20 a .
2:30 p| 2:30 p| SebastopoL I 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for Whits _
Pulphur Sprlnr» *n<l Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Burke's Sanitarium: at Lytton for .
Lytton Springs: at Oeyservtlle for Ska KKS
Sprlnara: at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boone-
vlU« and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan j
Sprlnss. Highland Sprtnics. Kelsejnrllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda IJ»y. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Sprinss. Saratoga '
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter >
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Ll*rley*s. BuckneH's. '
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr*s Hot '
Springs. Halfway House. Comptche. Camp >
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendoclno City.' Fort Bragg.
Westport, U sal; at Will its for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto, Covelo, Layton-
vllie. Cummins. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsens,
Dyer. Garberyllle. Pepperwood. Scotia and Eu-
reka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunda>Ti — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 630 Market street. Chronicle
building;.
JAS. L. FRAZIER, R. X. RTAN.
1 Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Act.
y£"f **i~&\ Tnloi 1«rt» mi<1 an <!¦•
LCmSS^Zi SAN FRANCISCO.
y<>\jjg£yo/ no* Jtrs« u i»k
N^'S^^pv^ r"S«BT DBTOT
"^ (Foot of Market Street >
!.»%»« - MAIN LINE. - »""'
7.00a VaearUle. Wlawra. ltni:i«ey 7 60s
7.00A BeoielA. Soliun. Klmlra and Sacra-
mento .* 7.ZCs>
740a Vallejo. Wapa. CaHstoc*. 9aat»
Ko«a. M»rtlnez. Sin Ramo* 6 2C*>
7-30A Nile". Llrermore. Tracj. Lxtaraa.
StocSron IVi*
rOOASfta'ta Eipreas— tV]% !/»»:»•.
WHSIamt (for Kartlrtt Sprm.r«\
Willow « *rrvtti. Keil r.luX
Portlaml. Taccma. Seattle 7 5C»
I.COa DaTla.Wood!»aiJ. Kntxht* L.i:i<il-i^.
MaryiTllle. Oro»ll!e 7-KP
BZOa T»t\ Costa. Marlines. Anttocii.
Byron. Tracy. 8w»cit:ou. New-
man. Loa Bnnoa. Men.lora.
Armooa. nanfonl. Vital la,
PorteTTllle ••- *MP
830* Port Coata. Lathrup. Hoii'ito.
Merced. Tregao. Oon&en .line-
tlon. Hanford. VUalia. Unkert-
fleld «5C»
¦JCa N !!•*•. San Jmc LlTermore. S'oclt-
lon. (tUllloQ). lone. Siwjr»Bi»iilo.
PlacerTitie. MarytTtlle, Cnleo.
Ited BiniT 420*
1.30a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. 8a-
rora. Toolnmne atvl Angel* .•i2
• 00a Atlantic Kxpre»»— Ocdcn and R*»t. TiZOA
9 30a Richmond. Martinet aod Way
Sutlons B-oas*
1000a T6e OTerland LTmite-i — t?id«n. "___
DeoTsr. Omaha. CblcasoL Ai2
10X0A Vallejo 1220*
10.00a U * Aartle* PaueoRor — Port
Co»ta. Martinet. Byron. Tracy.
LaibroB. Stockton. Merced,
ttaymnno, rreino. Goinea Junc-
tion. Baaford, Lemoo.-e. Vlaalla.
BakervQeld. Im Ansrle* £- !f 5*
12.00m Bayward. Nile* and TTay Stations. .*-20»«
ti-OOP Sacramento KlTer 8te«7nera fiVIH^
3 30P Bentcls. friatera. SaeratoenUX
Wooriland. KnlsM' Landing.
M»rr«*:::«. OroTllle aad way
ttatfoas
SJO«» Haywsrd. Nllea and^ay Suttcaa.. 7 60*
3.30a>pon Coata. Martinet. Byron,
Tracy. Laihrop. Modest*.
Merced. Berrnda. Fresno aad
Way Starfona beyond Port Coata 12-20*
8.30»> Toaemlte Valley. Tia Berenda an<t
VTawona .*.. ¦•55*
330p Martinez. Tracy, Stoektoo. Lodl. .. 10.20*
4 COP Utrtlaes,8an K«TTK>n.Va!le*>,Napa,
Csllitosa. Saata Rota ?SX*
4 OCp Nllea. Tracy. 8«oektoa. Lodl 4.20»
4 -30P Bayirard. Rile*. irTinftoa. 8aat f 8.60a
Joa*. Lferaiore I JU.BO.%
BCOfTho Owl Limited— Mewmaa. Los
Danes. Men<loia.Fr<iao. Tatars.
Baken9eld.L««Anc«lea. 850*
BXOp Port Coat*. Tracy. 6toelctea 12.20»
tS 30p Bayward. Hlte« nml San Joae 7.20*
SOOp Uayward. Nllaaand Saa Jose ISO*
5 OOP Eastern Rxpr««*--0M*n. DenTer.
OnMoa, et. Lout*. Chlcaf o aad
East, ¦?:* Pott Co«t«, aaliua.
Elaatra. Darls. Ba«ramaatot Col-
fax. Reno I 23»
f .Ot>a> Tallelo. dally, eicept Band»y.... I .7 en at
74WPVsl!ejo.Soa<Say <mjy. '.... f 7 M *
7-BCP ttlcbmood. rtaa Pablo. Pan Coils,
Marnn«s and Way SUUoaa 1120a
7-SOp Ortfoa * California Exprets— 8t>
nratnto, M»ry»»::ir, Bedding,
Portland, Pujol Soaad and K«« t. 8.53a
¦¦Of P Beno Puaeacar— Port Coat*. Sut-
»in. Rlmtra, Darria. Saerameato,
Trsekee. Lake Tatxoe. and Way
Stations beyond Sacramento 7J04
I.IOp Bayward, N'TJt* aad Baa Joae (San-
. dayealy) 11.80*
COAST LINE narrow .sags).
frost «f M»rtet Street.)
7.46a Baats Crux Kxenrtloa (Sunday only) |.10*>
S.itAHewark. OenterTtUe. Saa Joae,
F-ltoa. BoaUerCreak. H'.g Baals,
Baata Crua »»J T»y Station! .. 6 5S»
19-TSa Alrnrado. Newark, Saa Joae. Loa
Oatoa,G!enwood. Fsltoo. Bonlder
Cieek. B!f Eaatn. Saata Cru.... 1.10*
t21Sp Nowarfc. Crater »Ule. Saa Jote,
New Almad«n. Let <i»:o». Fe;toa,
Boo!der Creek. Santa Crux and
Principal Way Stations 10 35a
|4.1ga> Newark. Saa Jote, Loa Oato* aad
... wayatatlon* t3 5Sa
4.15p Wrt« at, Felton. Boeder Crr«k aad
Saata Ctqz. Saturday aad Sunday
I . °°'r »«.55a
! OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY. "
Trem SAN r KANCI31O. tout of Market m. (3ila(»
-17:15 l:ft> U:C0 a.m. 100 3 CO 615 raj
, Vlwm OAKLAND. Coot of Rruadway — t(t:UU U-m
tt:M i»:0O*.m. -12 CO 200 4 00 r.n.
COAST LINE <Br«wi4 tiao^
(W Cfnlrd ana lfw»«»«l Streeta.)
6.10a San Jote a b.| Way Stations BSCm
T7.C0A Saa Jose and Way SUtiout 5 4C»
7.15a Monterey aad daata Crui Exenr-
tlon (Sucd.iT only) 10 3Ci»
I.LOa Jfew Almaden <Tuet.. Frld^ on!y>. 4. lap
I CO A Th? Co»»t»r-Slo;n only Saa Jom,
Gllroy (conaoctloa for nollla-
ter>. Pajaro. CaatroTlllo (con-
Dtctlna to and from Monterey
and Paclflo GrOY«). Sattnaa. 9aa
Artlo, Pajo Robles. Santa Mar-
garita. Baa Lait Oblipo, principal
itstloat thane* 8nrf (eonnocttcn
for Lompoc), |rlnelt>al ttatloat
tbenca Sidu Bur hara. S »n Boeaa-
Tentora. Moatalro, o>«.rd. Bor-
baak. Loa Aagete* 10 4Ss»
• .00a 9aa Jose. Tr*« Pino*. Capitola.
Santa Craa.PaciacGrcTe.SKllnaa,
:«a Lalt Obispo and Principal
Way Suilosa 4JI)o>
TO 40 a Pan J»t» and Way Stations 1 23»
1140a 8»nt» Clara. Snu Jose. Lot GsCOS
and Way StMton* 7 30*
UCp Sao Joae and Way Stations ¦ 38a
i tX.OOpDel Mom- Kxprena— Saaw Clar«,
Baa Jo«e. Del Mont*. Monterey.
Paclne Grove (ruaaocta at
a CSara, except Sunday, fur Santa
Crnz. BoaMer >.i *<¦&. aad Karrow
Gaaxe Polntt) 12-1S*
5-30P Parinr Orore T7ay Pafseorer, Bnr-
Ilnxauie, San Jote and Way Sta-
tion*, connects at Gllrov for Hoi-
Hater, Tre.» Pino*, at Pajaro for
C'epitola. Snnta Crus at Caatro-
Tllle for Sa'.laaa. 10 45»
4 30p Baa Joae and Way Stations t8 00 a
tS OOP Saata Clara. >»i Joae. L«« U« tc •.
VTrUtit aad srtnch>al Way Sta-
Unat (except Sunday* «9 C0»
tS 30p BinJcteaadPrlnclpalWayStatioBt J9 4Q>
6 45p 8nsa*t Esprws.— Itedwocd. Saa
Joae, GI'.roy,Sal!aaa,Pa«o ICoblea,
Saa Lnts UMspo, Santa Barbara,
Loa lot'"". I'niiiai. Kl P»«x
Ket Orieaaa. K»w Tork. Con-
¦ecta at Pa]aro for Santa Cm*
and at Cattrovtlln for Paciae
Srore and Way Station* 7 IILa
tfl.ifp fcaoUai»o.D»rfifjri.U<-lmont,9aa
Carlea. Hcclwood. Fair Oaka.
MesloPark. Pa'oAllo t8««A
6 JOp San Jet* and Way Station*. g xs a
• 00p Palo Alto aad Way Statloat in is*
1140pAoatI>SaBFraa«Uno.JUClbra*.Bixi-
llBcame. Saa Uateo, Belmoat,
R*a Carlot. Rrdwood, Fair Oaka,
Mealo Park, and Pals Alto t.4Sa>
• 11 Mp U&yaald, Mountain View. Seaay-
vale. Lavreace. SaaU Clara aad
Saa Jose tS 46*
? for Uaraiac- P for AltarBoosv ~~~
iKonday axceated- t Sunday oajy
« Datarday only. • Usaday only.
I stop* at all ttatlvas •• S«sday.
faT" Only trains tu>?ptag al Vaieneta St. ao«Oao«mai
ar»»:10».M.. 7:»'».M . 7:1S *. »„ U:-»*. «, I:J0» «
I:3Q p. ». tcl 1.00 r ¦ M- '"*¦
i^^cfe^-V^ TOSANRAFAEL,
g^m ROSS VALLEY.
j| y^^n^fSi^ rt^- 1 ¦r r alaL*V ft I f T T TT 4 T T t^\y
ggj^ggy^< MILL VALLhi,
Lfej^^f^SI CAZADERO, Etc
IHSMa^niSiJ^^I Via SaosaUto rerrr.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD OACUS.
Depart from San Francisco, week days, at
630 7:10. 7:«. 8:30. 8:15, 10:C0. 11:00 a. m.
(1W0 a. m. Sauullto only), 12:2% 1:43, 3:1S.
400 4:35 8:15. 5:50. 6:23. 7:15. 9:00. 10:29.
11:35 p ni. Sundays and legal holidays depart
at' -10. T:43. 8:30. 8:15. 10:00. U:0t>. 11:40
a m 12:20. 1:00. 1:43. 2:30. 3:13, 4:00. 4:33.
5:15. "5:50. 0:23. 7:15, 8:15. 8:00. 10:20. 11:03
o. ni-
Arrive at San Francisco week days. «:17,
700 7:35, 8:13. 8:45. 9:35. 10:20. 11:03 a. m..
12:03. 1:23. 2:S0. 3:S3. 4:20. 8:05. 3:40. 6:1?.
0:C3. 7:35. 10:03, 11:23 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:43.
2:05. 8:50 p. m.
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:4S a. m..
3-15 p m. 3:15 p. m. (ox. S&t.). On Sundays
and tecal holidays at 7:43. 8:30. 9:13. 10:0».
11:00 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:43. 2:30. 7:13
and 8:15 v. ">•
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:43 a. in. daily— Cazadero and way stations.
»:15 a. m., Sundays only — For Polnj Reyca.
•tc.
3:15 p. m.. daily except Sunday — For Caza-
dero, etc.
6:13 p. in., daily except Saturday and Sun-
day — For Point Reyes, etc.
7:15 p. m». Sundays only — For Point Reyes.
•tc.
«:15 p. rru. Sundays only — For Cazadero. etc
TH7KET OFFICE— tSti Market at.
FERRT— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Learo Ha JUataUt* Ftrrfj Arrive
San Fraucisco f»«t «f Maritt St. [ 8an Francisco
- Week Snn- sau- Week
Vtjj. cloys. y«£ji£5»V J*y±_ _D«.v*._
.... 3:30 a fcf^rtio^ 12:45 p* 3:45*.
.... 1 0.00 a V^5jTfi;-- v H 2:05 r «H ;05 *
10:00a 11:00a \s*~&rf/ 3:35 r 3;35 p>
1:45 r 12;20 r T&^PvXr 8:40 r 6:15 t
• :15r i;45r Af^T^ 6:15 n 10:00 »
/ 4:35 r 8:B0 r
• TU Crtfitj C*r, • T^aaitii» U Mill UIUt.
TiciKT J82U Mauit St. (North Shore Railroad)
Orrics« land Salsalito Fkkkt. Koot MartstSt.
! TI1E L.\ST OF THE KliB. Vl
¦ j .'¦.-/¦ j
I By Henry IL Koulantl. |
[ A page of fiction that I* trnly
I fascinating in its unique
conception and strikius
| NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
By Ezra S. Brudno.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
The second installment of this
powerful personal narrative
of life among the Jews in
Russia and America.
THE FUGITIVE.
PROPOSALS— Contlnnea.^ ,
PROPOSALS for clothing and equipage. Depot
Quartermaster's office. 30 New Montgomery
rt.. San Francif co. California. June 13 1904
—Sealed propoaale. in triplicate, will b- re-
.-euVd at this ctfir-e untU 10 o'clock a^ m .. ¦
Monday? June 27. 1904. Pacific Standard Time
end then or>ened for iurnl»hlng at tie
Philadelphia. Boston. Chicago or San Fran-
<-i««. depots: Pajamas. Buckskin Gauntly-,
ihambray £hirt». Mattresses. Pillows, pil-
low Cases. Bedsneet?. Mosquito Bars ana
Trumpets Al! to conform to standards and
epectflcationg. Quantities to be subject to an
increase of 20 per cent, if desired by the de-
partment. Preference will be given to arti-
cle* of domestic production and manufacture
conditions of price and quality being equal
.tnrluding in toe price Of foreign production
and manufacture the duty thereon), and such
preference will be riven to articles of Amer-
ican production and manufacture produced
on the Pacific Coast to the extent of the con-
sumption required by the public service there.
TIx- United States reserves the right to ac-
cept or reject any or all proposals or any
nart ther*ot. Information and blanks for
p-eposale will be furnished on application.
Envelopes containing proposals will be In-
dorsed "Proposals No. 400.".. for Clothing and
Equipage," and addressed to Major C A.
DEVOL. Quartermaster, U. S. Army, Depot
Quartermaster.
"RHPOSALS for Steam Pump. «tc. — Office
Depot Quartermaster. 36 New Montgomery
stre.t San Francisco. Cal.. June 15th. 1&04.
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, subject to
ti«uoI rnndltione. will be received here until
11 o'clock, a. m.. Saturday. June 25th. 1904.
and then opened, for furnishing 1 Steam
Pump Pipe and Fittings for Lucena, P. I.
Preference will be given for articles of do-
mestic production and manufacture, condi-
tion* of price and quality b«ing equal (In-
cluding in the price of foreign production
the duty thereon.) The U. S. reserves right
to accept any or all proposals or any part
thereof. Information and blank proposals
furnished en application. Envelopes con-
taining rtropoMls to be marked "Proposals
fcr Steam Pump. etc.. No. 4651." and ad-
rtreesed to Major C. A. Devol, Qr.' Mr.. L.
S. A.. Perot Quartermaster.
LEGAL. APVERTISEMEXT8.
ALL persona having accounts against the firm
of Knight & Ryan, liquor dealers, Powell and
FVancifco its., present same at once for eet-
Tlen-.ent. O. SANTA.
ITXTTERI JIG A*P
AT Melbourne InsUtuteT^'an Ness * Market,
is taught celebrated Melbourne system; only
Melbourne In U 6.; private: established 3
years in S. F. Tel. Mint 2C26 from 1 to 5 p.m.
MAKRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yigterday:
Kugene J.Wolfrath. Z7. 712 Golden Gate ave..
*tA Anna E. Hofgesang. 25. Brooklyn. N. Y.
Frank R. Dunn. 30. Portland. Ore., and
Clara M. Kerr.an. 24. JE10 Broadway.
Henry 5 s . Roblaeon. 26. 1017 Castro street.
nri'1 Marj' E. Hey -24. 1017 Castro street.
Charles Rubenstein. 37. 365 Eleventh etreet,
ar.d R""8e Rubenstein, 29. 1210 Buchanan st.
Porter E Larab, 25 Lou Angeles, and Jose-
phine K. McE«'«n IS. 1935 Jackson etreet.
Leo J. Gililg. 23. 65 Cook street, and Alma
SI liarthol 20. SCT Jersey street.
Joseph M. Arjrabrlte. 22. Ventura, and Edith
If. Eager 21. 1527 Oolden Gate avenue.
Lcui* G. Pomares, 27. 1163 Turk atreet. and
Jeaaie A. Mack 27, 801 Golden Gate avenue.
Emll C. Klurnpp. 37. 755 Golden Gate ave..
ar.d W Ilhclmlna Bading 28. 14C0 Hayea street.
Hfclel B. Naeon. SL De La liar, and Mae-
beil L. GJeason 25. 3767 Twenty-third atreet.
Frank A. Bush. 34, K37 Capp street, and
Alice T. Games*. 22, 3763 Twentieth street.
AchUle fcpedlacct. 82. 430 Pacific street, and
Krr.ina Fredtanl. 27. 702 Front etreet.
rtarles W. Cunrn, 21. 2S21 Stelner street,
and Dorothy R, Goodsell 18. 1425 Van Ness a.ve.
Frank J. B. Kertell. 22. 9** Oak street, and
Anna M. MUnow. 16. 113 Cuvler street.
George E. Benson. 25. 1505 Buchanan street.
and Elfle J. Bacon. 18. Alameda.
1 .car M Grant. 81. 2114 Larkln street, and
Lucy B. Bekeart. 24. Ml Oak street.
¦Walter Jlafmucsen. '24. Pt. Paul. Minn., and
Margaret E. Nelson, 19, 14 Henrietta j^juare.
Oiarles R. Insley. 23 1001 Bush strlfet. and
Sura U Bagrall. 21. 168S Fulton ¦ street.
Gtorge E. English. 24. 2417 Howard street,
and Sarah H. Duncan. 21. 3466 Twenty-flrat.
Georce IT. Bocarde. 23. 639 Waller street,
and Anita G. Mackenzie, 21. 1824 WeUter st.
Alfred J. Boerr-er. 24. 114 Hyde street, and
Alice S. Hallinan. 22. city.
Julius Levy. 27, 1S2SB Sutter street, and
Claia Carillon. 18 1475 Seventeenth street.
Paris Cantos, ii. city, and Nellie O' Con-
ner. 23. city.
Lee Sun Ltng. 36. 710 Washington street,
and Wong Ooct Mee.' 25. €14 Jackson street.
EI5THS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
Birth, ssarriaxe and death notices cent by
mall will not be inserted. They oust be handed
in at either cf tbe publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sona authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to tbe announcement
<i' the event are published once in thla column
free of eharre.
BORN\
EORIES— In this city, June 13. 1904. to the
wife of Leon Bories. a daughter.
CHEVALIER— In this city. June 14. 1904. to
the wire of Ed Chcralier. a daughter.
KUTNER— In thia city. June 8. 1904. to the
wife of Louie Kutner of Fresno, a daughter.
LEIGH— In Oakland. Cal.. June 9. 1904, to the
wife of B. W. Leigh, a daughter.
MEVEP.S— In this city. June 10. 1304. to the
wife of William Meyers, a son.
SULLIVAN— fa thiF city. June 12. 1904, to
the wUe. of Jeremiah Sullivan, a son.
MARRIED.
BRUNKHORST— TARTELIN— In this city.
June 14. 1904. John H. C. Brunkhorst and
I «a C. Tartelln.
COHN— WOI-FF— In thia city. June 1. 1904
by the Rev. m. 8. Levy, lstdor Conn and
Koa* M. Wolff, both of this city.
GI-ICK — GOLDMAN — In this city June 6, ;
l:»04. by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Chark* L. i
(illck and Hattie Ooldman. both of this city.
LACHMAN— FRIEDMAN— In this city. June
B. 1904. by the Rev. M. S. Levy. B. Lach-
tnan and Mollle Friedman, both of this city.
MARKS — COHEN— In this city, June 1 1904.
by the Rev. M. S. Levy, B. L. Marks and
Belle Cohen, both of this city.
SCHNEIDER— ATERS— In this city. June 5.
I'.**, by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Morris
Schneider of Oakland and Maybelle Ayers of
this city.
DIED.
Banning. Clarissa A. Johnstone. Llrzls
, Bennett. Ellencr Jone*, 8. A. Douglas
Bunker. Robert E. Loewenstein, II.
('anepa, Agootlno Looney, Amanda M.
Collins. Jhomas J. Long, Katharine L
Conrad, Rosemary McKenna James
1 "-am, Mrs. Elizabeth Moran, Marguerite
Orosslej. John V. Orilvie. Frank M.
Forno, Martha Oabom. Francis
Oabrlel. Amelia M. Rabben Herman
Goidstone, Rae Richardson. Geo. E.
Glennan, Margaret J. Tobln Alice
Grtffln. Michael Vance. Ann
Hereford. Dr.Wra. 8. Wallace Kathryn A.
liorner. Grace C. Williams. Henry
BANNING — In Oakland. Cal.. June 14, 1904,
Oarisca A. Banning, mother of B. R. Ban-
ning, anfl sister of Miss M. J. Armstrong.
Miss An-.elta H. and William W. Armstrong,
Mrs. P. L. Weaver and Mm. E. G. Beck-
with, a native of Hawaii. H. I.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
BENNETT— In Frultvale. Cal.. Juns 18, 1904.
EJlenor. beloved wife or Thomas Bennett and
mother of Mrs. William Waring and 'Mra
Joebua Bridge, a native of England, aged
C3 year* 4 montha and 11 daya.
BUNKER— In this city. June 12. 1904 Robert
Elmer Bunker. M. D.. beloved husband cf
Jessie E. Bunker, a native ot Minneapolis,
Minn.
CTFriecds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the* funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of California
Lodge No. 1. T. and A. M. Interment pri-
vate. .
CANEPA— In Oakland. Cal.. Jone 13. 1904
Agoetmo Canepa. beloved husband of Angela
Canepa. and father of Mrs. Polltina M Al-
den. Mrs. Catherine Gamberonl, Mrs. Flor-
ence Moningar and the late Rosamond Can-
epa. a native of Italy, aged 73 years
CTFriends and acqualntancea are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Thursdaj). at 9:30 o'clock, from his lata
residence. 15094 Seventh street Oakland
thence to Et Joseph's Church, where solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of Ms soul, mass commencing at
30 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
COLLINS — In this city, June 14 1904 at the
parents' rT*}*™*- & Bluxome' etreet.
Thomas J.. beloved «<m of Thomas and Mar-
garet Collins, a native of Ean Francisco ared
1 year and 1 month. ' B
CONRAD— la Los Gates, Cal.. June 12. 1904,
HENRY J. CALLACHE* CO.
(Successors to Flannagan A Gallagher
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mct
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERO
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School
Telephone South to.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Foneral Directors and Kmbalmera-
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple,
NOW ax 666 MISSION. TeL South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Flr.ebt Equipments at Moderate rates.
James McGinn. Henry Hansea.
JAMES McGINN & CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros..
Funeral Directors and Embalraers—
214 Eddy st.; Tel. South 576.
Rosemary, dearly beloved daughter of
Charles P. and Dr. Agnea M. Conrad, and
sister of Carl A., Ludwlna. Agnes and Anna
Conrad, a native of San Francleco. aged 6
years 7 months and 14 days.
mTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
ents' residence, 1122>i Treat avenue between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-flfth streets,
thence to St, Anthony's Church, where sol-
emn services will be held, commencing at
9 o'clock. Interment private. Kindly omit
flowers.
j CRAM— An anniversary mass for the soul of
Mrs. Elizabeth Cram will be held Thursday,
! June 16, at 9 a. m.. 5T Holy Cross Church.
Friends and acquaintances are invited to at-
1 t«nd.
CROSSLET— In Berkeley. Cal. June 13. 1904,
at his residence, 2932 Harper street,
John P. Crossley. a native of Middletown,
' Conn., aged 72 years 2 months and 4 days.
; (New Haven. Conn., and Providence, R. I.,
papers please copy.)
¦ ICT 1 Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
of W. L. Woodrow. 117 First street. San
Jose. Cal. Interment Oak Hill Cemetery.
FORXO— In this city, June 14, 1904. Martha,
dearly beloved wife of Marco Forno. and be-
1 loved mother of Mario, Corinna. Caesar. Eu-
pene and Fedela Forno. a native of Torino,
Italy, aged 4S yeare and 4 months.
! GABRIEL— In Oakland. Cal.. June 14, 1904,
Amelia M. Gabriel, beloved mother of Frank.
Phoebe John and Catherine Gabriel.
i GOLDSTONE— In this city. June 13. 1904. Rae,
beloved daughter of Morris and Flora Gold-
ttone, sister of Mrs. I. Newman and Charles,
Sam. Joseph. Louis and Gue Goldstone. a
native of San Francisco, aged 23 years and
11 months.
C7Krienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the family
residence, 1021 Golden Gate avenue. Inter-
ment Salem Cemetery, by electric car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
Officers and members of California Re-
bekah Lodge No. 1, I. O. O. F.. will assem-
ble at 1021 Golden Gate avenue Wednesday,
at 10 o'clock a. in., to attend the funeral of
our late sister, Rae Goldstone. By order
E. VIOLA BAKER. N. G.
GLENNAN— In thla city, June 14. 1904, at her
residence. 1846 Polk street, Margaret J..
dearly beloved wife of Martin Glennan. and
loving mother of Matthew J. John M., Nel-
lie M.. William E.. David J. and Margaret
C. Glennan. a native of New Rocheile, N.
T.. aared 59 years.
GRIFFIN— In this city, June 13. 1904, Michael, i
beloved brother of Thomas Griffin a native
of County Kerry. Ireland, aged 25" yeare. A
member of Division No. 9. A. O. H.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock from the parlors
of McFadden. McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Patrick's Church where a re- j
quiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul. Interment Holy Cro«s Cem-
etery.
HEREFORD— In this city June 13. 1004. Dr.
William S. Hereford, beloved husband* of the
late Flora J. Hereford, a native of St. Louis,
aged f.2 years.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock from his late resi-
dence. 1861 Larkln street. Funeral strictly
private. Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery, j
HOP.NEK— In Alameda, June 12. 1004. Grace
C Horner, dearly beloved daughter of George |
B. and Manuela C. J. Horner, and sister of
Lillian G. Tracey, a native of San Fran-
cisco. (New York. Boston and Easton. Pa.,
papers please copy.)
C7Frlends and acqualntancea are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, June 15. at 1 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1S00 Alameda avenue, near Mor-
tan-ad eat station, Alameda. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. -
JOHNSTONE— In this city. June 13. 1904.
Lizzie Johnstone, beloved slater of Charles
H. Davis, and mother of Ruth Johnstone.
a native of Virginia, aged 27 years 2 months
and 3 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the California Undertaking Company,
4C5 Powell street. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
JONES— In Honolulu. June 14. 1904. S. A.
Douglas Jones, dearly beloved husband of
Annie P. Jones, and loving father of Zelda,
Guy, Dorothy and Beverley Jones, aged 42
years.
E7Notice of funeral hereafter.
LOEWENSTEIN— In this city. June 14, 1904,
Herman, beloved husband of Rea Loewen-
stein. father of Mrs. M. Hlrsch and Felice
Julia. Ernest and George Loewenstein, and
brother of Mra. H. Moskowitz, Mrs. H.
Mehlman of Ean Luis Oblspo, Cal.. a nattve
of Germany, aged 55 years 2 months and
19 days.
LOONET— In this city. June 13. 1904. Amanda
M. Looney. wife of Captain F. M. Looney.
a native of Knox County. Kentucky aged
C4 years.
LONG (nee Power)— In this city. June 12. 1904,
Katharine I., beloved wife of Carson J.
Long, and daughter of Rose and the lata
Thcrr.ae H. Power, a native of San Fran-
cisco.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her mother. 2SS3 FolM>m street,
thence to St. Peter's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repcEe of her soul, at 9 o'clock. Interment
private.
McKENNA— In this city. June 14. 1904. James
McKenna. beloved husband of Mary Mc-
Kenna. and loving father of Edwin. James.
Minna and Ron McKenna. a native of i
M«-ath. Ireland, aged 53 years. ;
C7 The funeral will taice place to-morroTT I
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from hla late
residence, 2319 Bush atreet. between Stelner
a?id Pictce. thence to St. Dominic's Church,
wher; a high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his wml. commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MORAN— In this city. June 14. 1904. Marguer-
ite Moran. loving daughter of Thomas P.
and Sarah Moran. sister of Helen Moran, and
granddaughter of Mr. and Mrs. John Mc-
Gorty. a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year 7 months and 26 days.
C7Remainn at the residence of the parents
924 Ehotwell etreet. Notice of funeral here-
after.
OGILVIE— In Napa. Cal.. June 14. 1904, Frank
M., beloved brother of Mrs. G. Rteele. Mrs.
M. J. Johnston. Mrs. Henry Elering and
William Otllvie, a native of San Francisco,
aged 46 years.
OSBORN— In Alameda. Cat., June 13, 1904,
Francis Osborn, beloved husband of Rachel 1
Osborn. a native of England, aged 60 years.
RABBEN— In thin city. June 13. 1904. Herman
Rabben. dearly beloved brother of Mra. I.
Abels and Sophie. Louise and the late Anna
Rabben. a nattve of Oldenburg. Germany.
A member of Petaluma Lodge No. 26. O. d.
H. S.
Z^T Services will be held to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 1 o'clock, at the parlora of H. F.
Huhr & Co., 11-17 Mission atreet. between
Seventh and Eighth. • Interment private.
Kindly omit flowers.
RICHARDSON— In this city. June 14, 1904,
George Edward, youngeat and beloved son of
Henry and Emma Richardson, and brother
of Lydla. Will. Nellie, Arthur. Anna, Ne-
ville and Ha Richardson, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year and 8 months.
TOBIN— In thia city. Alice, dearly beloved
wife of Michael Tobln and mother of Thomas
J.. William F. and Michael A. Tobln. a na-
tive of County Tipperary. Ireland, aged 48
years.
£ K7Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
et the parlora of J. C. O'Connor & Co.'. 767
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
VANCE— In this city, June 13, 1904, Ann. relict
of the -late Robert Vance, and beloved
aunt of Mrr. Mary Sawyer, Mrs. James Mo-
ran, Mrs. John Akelan, Mrs. Nellie Slmpton
and John F. Grimes, a native of County
Galway, Ireland, aged 76 years.
C7Frienda and acqualntan^s are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:15 o'clock, from her late
residence. 117 Wolf street, near Alabama,
thence to St. Peter* a Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of ber goul, commencing at 9:45
o'clock. Interment Holy Crose Cemetery.
WALLACE— In thla city, June 12. 1904. Kath-
ryn A., dearly beloved daughter of Mrs.
B. J. Wallace and the late John Wallace
and sister of Sister Mary Regis and Mar-
garet, John and Gertrude - Wallace, a native
of San Francisco.
t£7 Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Wednesday), at
8:30 o'clock, from her late residence, ilOiti*,
• Howard street, thence to St. Joseph's Church
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. •
WILLIAMS— In Loa Angeles, Cal.. June 14,
19«4 Henry, beloved husband of Catherine
1 Williams, and brother of R. C. Williams of
Fruit vale, a native of Wales, aged 45 years.
C7Frienda and acqualntancea are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 3 o'clock, from the Welsh
Presbyterian Church, corner Fourteenth and
Harrison streets. Oakland.Nczu York Money Market.
NEW YORK. June 14.— CLOSE— Money on
call was easy; highest, 1V4 1 per cent; lowest,
1; ruling rate, IM; last loan, l"i; closing bid,
1; offered, 1% per cent.
Time loans were easy and dull; sixty and
ninety days, 2% per cent; six months, 3®3<4
per cent.
Prime mercantile paper — 3%®<4>^ per cent.
Sterling silver — Wait steady with actual
I'USinesw in bankers' bills at $4.8720@4.6725
for demand and at $4.8523^1.8530 for sixty
days.
Posted rates— $4 t>H and $4 68.
Commercial bills— $l.S>510©4.8515.
Bar silver— 5.'»«t,c.
Mexican dollars — 44 %c.
fsor.ds — Governments, stead/; railroads,
quiet.
Nav York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. June 14.— The stock market
relapsed to-day Into an aggravated condition
of apathy and indifference and. was without
feature except for. a rally at the close. Yes
terday's reaction effectually blighted the hopes
of a revival of speculation - which had "been
gradually aroused by last week's slow upward
movement of prices. It became quite as
manifest to-day however, that the traders
were t6 reap Uttle advantsge from a price
movement In the other direction, as the selling
bad spent Its force. The consequence was an
Insignificant drift of prices, with no defined
current in any direct! >n. Each abortive move
ment of price* confirms the conviction that a
lengthened period of speculative conservatism
is to be faced, and adds to the indisposition
to undertake operations of any magnitude In
tbe market. - Attention is directed to the an
nouncements of withdrawals from business of
Stock Exchange houses and departure for Ions
heavily this year, but to let the coast carry
the Dried Fruit, which can be bought by th«
Easterners as wanted.
Old fruit is nominal. There ara no more
Pears left. Raisins and Nuts ar» reported
featureless. The feeling In Honey is firm, as
the crop prospects are not as good as they
were some weeks ago. as already mentioned.
FRUITS — Apricots. 8®loc for Royals and
fiij!2c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4^-9
. 6c: sun-dried. 3(&4%c; Peaches, 7®Sc;
Figs, white. 2%®3c In boxes; black, 4^c;
I Plums, pitted. 5®7%c per lb.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2£2%c for the four
•izes
RAISINS— F. o. b. prices Fresno for 1903
crop (subject to change without notlc«> are as)
follows: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatels. 4-crown.
4c per lb; 3-crown. 4<t»c; 2-crown. 4c: Malaga,
loose. 3-crown. 4c; 2- crown. 3^»c; Thompson" •
seedless. 4c: seedless Sultanas, 3%c: Seedless
Muscatel*. 3'»c; do floated. 34c; Seeded Rals>
ins, 16-os cartons, fancy, 3%c; choice. 3' 4 c;
12-oz cartons, fancy. 4%c: choice, 4%c; In
balk, fancy 5V4c; choice, 3c; Imperial clus
ter*. $3; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy. $2; London
Layers. 3-crown. $1 33; 2-crown. $1 25.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. I softshell. i:i%914e:
No. 2. 'll%012c; No. 1 hardshell. 13«|13Wo;
No. 2 ll@ll%c; Almonds. HVjc for Nonpa
reils. 11 %c for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 9 l *c for Languedoc; Peanuts, 6®7c for
Eastern: Pecans, Il®13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50*33.
' HONEY — Comb, 11%®124c for white and
10®llc for amber; water white extracted. (M>
6c; light amber extracted. 4%®5c; dark.
8HtMc.
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
~ '
Provisions.
Chicago was lower. Pork decllnlnr 40e anil
Lard and Ribs 15c and 20c. Receipts of Hogs
are still under expectations. The tendency 1*
to sell en all rallies.
There la very little change in the local situ
ation, the market for everything being dull.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9%c per lb fop
heavy, 10c for light medium. 12c for light.
13%c for extra light and 15®lSc_for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; Call*
fomta Hams 12@12%c; Mess Beef. S1C9
10 SO per bbl; extra Mess. IllviU ,V>; Family.
$12-812 50; prime Mess Pork. $14; extra, clear,
$22: Mess. $17 50: Dry Salted Pork. 9\ic; Pl»
Pork. $26; Pigs' Feet, $3; Smoked Beef, 14o
per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb fnr
compound and 8%c for pure; half -barrels, purs.
8%c; 10-lb Una. 8%c; 6-lb tins. 9%c; 3-lb tins.
' 9%c.
COTTOLENi: — One half barrel. 8%c; threa
half barrels. S^c: one tierce, 8%c; two tierc*.
8c; five tierces. 7%c per lb.
j Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
There are no further changes to note under
this head. Wool Is firm at the advance estab
lished a few days ago, and the demand for all
1 grades In good. Hops are steady but qnlet
1 and the Weather Bureau reports some damag*
! to the crap In places by the recent hot, drying
winds. Hides are steady, with salted stock
moving: off better than the dry. Tallow re
mains as previously quoted.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about -%®lc tinder quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9%c: medium. 8%c; light. 8c: Cow
Hides 8c for heavy and 8c for light; Stags,
ttc- Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal 10c: Salted
Calf lie; dry Hides. 16c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calfi 13c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 23-arjOc each;
short Wool 40<ge5c each: medium. 70®90c: ion?
Wool. $1®1 60; Horse Hides, salt. $2 73 for
large and $2«2 60 for medium, $1 23^1 73 for
small and 60c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry^
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $1«1 23
for *mall and 5Oc for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican 30c; dry Salted Mexican. 25c: dry
Central American. 30®32%c. Goat Skins —
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth, 30c;
medium. 33c; small. 20c.
TALLOW— No 1 rendered. 4%©4%c per ID;
N(«2. 3%®4c; grease. 2H«3c.
WOOL — Spring Clip — Humboldt and Mendo
cino. 17@19c; San Joaquin and Southern, 12
months* 10<fll2c; do T months'. 9®ltc per lb;
Middle Counties 13@17c for free and 12315c
for defective; Northern lfi^lSo for free- and
14® 16c for defective; Nevada. 13®16c. accord-
Ing to condition.
HOPS— Jobbing at 27%®"0c per lb for Cali
fornia, 1903. For crop of 1904 the nominal
quotation Is 20c.
Meat Market.
The only change in quotations is a further
decline In live. Hogs, due more to the light
demand than to any excess In arrivals. Dress
ed stand the same. All grades of Beef and
Mutton are In liberal supply and easy and
Veal continues very plentiful and weak.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6©7c for Steers and 3®6c per 1»
VEAL-^-Large. 5®-7c: small. 7>4'59c per tb..
MUTTON — Wethers, 6h®"c; Ewes, SHttb^c
per lb.
LAMB — 7®Sc per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 6%e«^c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, eound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, lesa 5O
per cent for shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers 7%®«*ic; Cows and Heif
er* e%*?7c; thin Cows. 4^30 per lb.
CALVES^ — ««4%c per lb (grosa weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3U®3%c; Ewes, 2\9*c
per lb (gross welght>.
LAMBS— $2 25®2 30 per head.
HOGS— Live Hcgs. 140 to 20O Iba. 4»,®3c:
200 to 250 lbs 44c; over 250 lbs, 4«ic: so't !
Hogs, nominal; Sows. 20 per cent off: Boars.
60 per cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent oST from
above quotations.
' General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags. 5%c; San Quer.tln. $5 10;
Wool Bags. 32®35c; Fleece Twine. 7fJ8c.
CANNED FRUIT — The California Fruit
Canners 1 Association quotes the following price
list:
" f); is a
ntvrn. 5 P I I
Apples $1 35!$1 3O)$1M!$1 10-
Apricots 1 40! I 30) •. . : .
Blackberries 1 60 1 40| 1 30! t V*
Cherries. R. A 2 15 1 901 1 70' 1 4O
Cherrie*, white 1 731 1 60| I «3
Cherries black 2 00 1 73 1 «i 1 35
Orapea 1 33 1 20t 1 10 1 00
Yellow Free Peaches 1 30 1 30 .....
Lemon Cling Peaches... 2 00 1 40 1 SO
Pears 2 0f)| 1 73
Plums. 1 33 1 13 1 031 $5
Raspberries 2 50 2 23 2 lOi 1 *O
Strawberries 2 00 173 1 601 1 4l>
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes. 2%-lh
standard. 83c; Green Peas — Petlts pots, $1 S3
®1 30; standards S5c; standard sifted, ' $1;
extra sifted. $1 13; marrowfat. 82%c.
COAL— Wellington. $3 per ton; New Welling
ton. $8: Seattle. $« 30; Bryant. $6 30; Beaver
Hill. $5 50; Stanford. $7: Roslyn. $7: Coca
Bay $3 50: Greta $7: Wallsend. $7: Richmond.
$7 60; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and $14 23 m
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lamp.
$11 60: Canner. $8 50 per ton: Coke. $11 .Via.:
per ton In bulk and $13 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $11 43 per 2000 lbs and $12 SO
per long ton. according to brand.
PACIFIC CODFISH — Bundles, per lb. 4%c;
cases, regular. 5-\c; cases, extra large. 6V*e.
Eastern style 6V4c; boneless. «Vic; "Norway./'
6%c- "Narrow Gauge." 6\c; "SIlTer King."
7%c; blocks. "Oriental," 8V«c; blocks. "Sea
bright." 6\c: tablets. 7c: middles, 7®9Uc;
fancy boneless. 8Vtft8%c: pickled Cod. bbls. $3:
pickled Cod. half bbl» $4 73; Pirate Carre Cod
L|v«r Oil. per dosen pints, $6; per gallon. $3 23.
less 10 per cent.
CORDAGE — The local company quotes a*
follows, CO days or % per cent discount for
cash no sales under 10.000 lbs: Madia. 14 %c;
Sisal. 10% c; Duplex. 9\c; Bale Rope. 11V£>
ll%c per lb. .
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 14«15%c for strictly
prime to fancy washed; 124O13%c for prime
washed; U%«12Hc.for good washed; 11V>«~13<: •
for good to prime washed peaberry; 10@llo
for good to. prime peaberry: Iiei2%c for good
to prime; S®10%e for fair; 7%tJS%e .for com
mon <c ordinary. • - :*/. f • • -': '-' •_
Salvador— 14«14%c. for fancy washed; 12%©
13 %c for strictly . prime washed; 10%® 12c for
good to prime washed: 9<910c for fair washed:
10®12%c for fair to prim* washed peaberry.:
9Vi©10%o for good to prime aeml-washed; 0&
9%c for superior unwashed: 8%®8%c for good
green unwashed; 9%01Oc for good to superior
unwashed .peaberry; 7®3c for Inferior to or-
Nlca'ragua — Nominal: lmfJl.Tc . for prime
to fancy washed; 9«10%e for fair to strictly,
good washed; SV*®8%c for good to superior
Rye Flour. $3 SO; Ry« Meal. $3 25: Rica Flour.
$7; Corn Meal. $3 50; extra cream do. $4 25;
O*.t Groats. $1 50; Hominy. $4»4 25; Buck
wheat Flour, $4 5064 75; Cracked Wheat, $4:
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 75;
Rolled Oats. bbls. $7 25®8 60; in sacks. $« 759
8 10; Pearl Barley. $0; Split Peas, boxes, $7:
Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
' Hay and Feedstuff s.
There is no change in Hay. Old Is weak
and dull and arrivals of new crop are limited
to Volunteer Wild Oat. which is selling at the
quotations below. It was reported yesterday
that' the Government had awarded 600 tons of
the Manila order to San Francisco, the disposi
tion of the balance being undecided upon. The j
whole order is for 3S76 tons.
¦ Bran and Middlings show no variation. Both
are firm and not very freely offered. • 4
BRAN— $22@23 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $24®29 per ton.
SHORTS — $22»23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $22 5CB23
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $29 50<e31:
jobbing. $.12; Cocoanut Cake. $22923; Corn
Meal, $32®33; Cracked Corn. $32 50-S33 60;
Mixed Feed. $22(323; Horse Beans. $30@40 per
ton: Broom Corn Feed, 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat $10©14 60; Wheat and Oat.
$H@13: Oat, $9«12; Wild Oat. $7#10; Bar
ley and Oat. $7@11: Stock. $7«8; Alfalfa. $7®
10 per Jon; new Volunteer Wild Oat, $7©£ per
ton.
STRAW— €0®S0c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Lima Beans continue firm, as the weather of
late . has been against crop prospects and the
demand continues fair, with growers rather
Indisposed to sell. Quotations remain about
the same, however. The other descriptions of
.Beans are reported dull, though 1700 sacks of
large Whites changed haads on Monday. Oc
casional sales like this relieve the market from
complete stagnation.
Several changes In Seeds appear, but as a
rule this market Is not fluctuating much at
present.
BEANS— Bayos $2 25®2 50: Pea, $2 9O®3;
Butters, $3; small .White, $2 83®3 10; large
White. $2 35®2 CO; Pink. $3 10<J3 50; Red.
$4 23®1 50; Lima, $3 25®3 35; Red Kidneys,
$1 75(95: Blackeye. $2g2 10 per ctl; Hone
Beans. ?2?j'J 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard $1 2*f 1 60; Yellow
Mustard. $2 5OW3; Flax. $1 7JW92: Canary,
5m?5%c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 14%®16c; Rape.
2@2Vdc; Timothy, 6<g«J%c; Hemp, 3H®4c per
lb; MUlet. 3®3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20@21
per ton
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $3 per ctl; Nlles,
$3 25; Green Peas. $3£3 25.
Potatoes, Onions' and Vegetables.
New Potatoes were firmer, as receipts con
tinued light, and in addition to the regular de
mand for local use there was a good Inquiry
for shipment to Puget Sound ports. The best
stock was keenly competed for and one lot of
20 boxes brought $2 30 per cental. Old Pota
toes shared In the general firmness and prices
stood about as previously quoted. Onions were
plentiful and lower.
Another car of Mississippi Tomatoes came In
and was offered at easier rates. The Los An
geles and Mexican products were in excessive
supply and dealers were rutting prices In
order to forc«* sales. Green Corn arrived freely
and sold by the sack at easier rates. Aspara
gus came to hand In better condition and clean
ed up well, with surplus stocks going to tha
canners at 4%®5c per pound. • The other vege
tables had but alight variation.
POTATOES — New White. $1 50^2 per Ctl:
Early Rose. $140^160 per ctl; old Oregon
Burbanks. $101 33 per ctl; old river Burbanks,
90cig$l per ctl.
ONIONS— Australian Yellow, $4 25®1 60 per
ctl: new Red. 75®S5c per sack; new Silver
skins, $1 23<ffl 50 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. $1 50©2 per
sack; Asparagus, 4%@7c per lb; Rhubarb, 059
75c per box; Green Peas. $2 per sack; Garden
Pr«s, 3%S'lc per lb; String and Wax Beans,
2%@4c per lb; Tomatoes, 50c®$l per box or
crate for Los Angeles. $1 lO'dl 25 for Mexican
and $1(?1 25 for Mississippi; Summer S<}uash,
50975c per box for southern and $1 50®2 for
, bay; Cabbage. $1 per ctl; Carrots. $125 per.
sack; Cucumbers. $161 25 per box; Garlic. 5<9 j
Cc per lb; Egg Plant. 7'glOc per lb; Dried Pep- I
pers. S#10c for sun-dried and 12%'©13c per
lb for evaporated; Dried Okra, 12V,@15c per lb:
Green Peppers from Los Angeles, 6<8$c per
lb; from Sacramento, 10@12%c: Marrowfat
Squash, jobbing, at 1%®2c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
A car of Western Poultry which came in
last week was on sale, making the second for
the current week, and moved off rather slowly.
a* the car 'was made up almost entirely of
Hvns. which were not wanted very badly. Re
ceipts of domestic were moderate and there
was continued firmness In large young Roos
ters and Fryers. Broilers moved off better
than . previcusly, but prices were unchanged.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14®15c per lb;
Geete. per pair, $1 25@1 50; Goslings. $1 50®
1 75; Ducks, $1&4 50 per dozen for old and
$4 50£3 50 for young; Hens. $3 50<36-'for
large and $195 for small: young Roosters.
$7 *0(gT9; old Roosters. $4 50S5; Fryers. $5 50^
d 50; Broilers. ?:t'-i4 for larg» and *2 25@2 50
for small : Pigeon*. $1 50 per dozen for old and
$1 60<RT 73 forSqUabs.
GAME— Hare, $1 50 per dozen: Rabbits,
$1 75®2 for Cottontails and $1 per dozen for
brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Receipts of Butter and Eggs were very
heavy yesterday and made up for the falling
off of Monday. Those of Butter were enor
mous, as will be seen — they were the talk of
the street and kept the teams busy all the
morning getting the goods up from the landing
places to the stores. Most of the arrivals
were in goo>l shape, the sudden change to cool
weather rehardenlng goods that otherwise
would have come In soft. The market was
generally quoted quiet, as usual at this time
of the year, and the feeling was rather weak
than otherwise, with a disposition to sell.
There is no real change in Cheese, though
some houses find a rather steadier feeling in
fine mild new. The cheap grades continue as
plentiful and weak as ever.
There is no change whatever in Eggs, the
market being liberally supplied and quiet,
with the retailers looking for stock that they
can retail at 25c, as already mentioned.
• Receipts were 137,700 lbs Butter, 23S3 cases
Etfes and 12.300 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands 18%®19c
for extras and 17%gISc for first*; dairy, I6.9
17%e; store Butter. 13@15c; cold storage, nom
inal.
CHEESE— Sen %c for good to chole* new
and <Vg7c for lower grades; Young Americas.
0S9%c; Eastern. 12%Sllc; Western, 11312c
per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 21023c for fair to choice;
store. inqiOc; Eastern, 20@21c for firsts and
16%® 18c for seconds:
Deciduous and Qitrus Fruits.
All kinds of Citrus and Deciduous fruits
wfp»,in free «upply and trade In the latter was
attractive, both locally and for shipping ac
count. Choice lots of small tree fruits, such
as Pear*. Plums and Apricots, were wanted
fcr shipping and met with prompt sale at or
near the top- rates. ' Good, sound Cherries,
packed in flat drawers and In 'Cartons, were
scarce and in demand, and occasional lots
commanded . a premium. Receipts of loose
Cherries werw less liberal than on the preced
ing day and Bla?k and common White cleaned
up quickly at firmer rates. The canners were
buying common White at the quotations and
paid l%'S5c per pound for. Royal .Anne. Figs
arrived freely from several sections and in all
a ktnds of packages. Ordinary packages sold
from $1 to $2. and some crates brought $3®
3 25\ A consignment of extra fancy stock from
Portervllle was held at 20#25c per pound.
Large Strawberries were in good request and
firmer, while Longworths were lower, owing to
the poor condition of the berries. The other
berries were in Increased supply and easier,
except for fancy Blackberries. A portion of
the receipts of Raspberries arrived late in the
day and had to be sold at low prices, hence
the wide range in the quotations.
There was nothing new to report in Citrus
fruits, supplies of all kinds being well up to
requirements.
STRAWBERRIES — $3U8 per chest for Long
worth* and $2 50® 5 for the larger varieties.
LOGANBERRIES — $2®3 60 per chest for red
and $3tM for black.
BLACKBERRIES— J|5<S6 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $8010 per chest; crates
from Newcastle. 75c®$l; from Fresno. $173.
GOOSEBERRIES— 1%®3c per lb for small
and 7c for English.
CURRANTS— $3«4 per chest.
CHERRIES — 50(860c In drawers and 65<SS0o
In flats and cartons: in bulk. 4®6%c per lb for
Blockt 3<ft-lc for common White and 4%®<5c for
Royal Anne.
APRICOTS— Small boxes and crates, 60c® $1:
basket!", 50®75c.
APPLES — Old, $1 60®2 23 per box; new
Green, 25®50r for email boxes and $1 for large.
PEARS— 23®4Oc per box or basket.
PEACHES— 75c©$l per box or basket.
PLUMS — Clyman. 65®75c per box; Cherry
' Plnms, 10ft3f»c per drawer. !
CANTALOUPES— $1 for small and $3®4 for
large crates.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $2 60®3 50
for fancy $1 5062 60 for choice and $1®1 SO
(•for standard: Seedlings. $1 25S1 60; Valencia*.
! $1 50®2 60: Mediterranean Sweets. $1 75: Tan.
gerlnes. $1 7662; Lemons. $2 .WH2 75 foe fancy,
$1 60® 1 79 for choice and $1®1 25 for stand
ard: Grape Fruit. $1 60@2 for seedless and $1^
1 1 50 for ordinary: Mexican Limes, $4 6065 p«r
I case- Bananas. $203 per bunch for Central
1 American and $1®2 for. Hawaiian;. Pineapples,
$2@3 per dozen. .
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
There have been some transactions in new
crop Apricots at 7®7%c to the grower and
7Ui$8e to buyers for early shipment. New
Peaches, too, have chantfed hands and are sell
ing. a# already . mentioned, at 5Uft5\c. Some
transactions In new Prunes on the basis of
2Q2%oare likewise reported, but these quota
tions are considered . vague and floating and
not representative of any established, market.
The, tendency in the East Is not to purchase
. Exchange and Bullion. . •
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $1 S6-
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 fS
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 5>S^;
New York Exchange, sight — 02%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 05
Silver, per ounce — 55%
Mexican Dollars 45 © —
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS — The rwte for spot
business continues nominal, with no engage
ments reported, -at 10s bid and 15s asked. Thn
chartered Wheat fleet in port -has a registered
tonnage of 4648 against 519.1 on the same date
last year; disengaged, 78.0OO ton*, against
84,750: on the way to this port, 264,650 tons,
agulnrt 410,750.
WHEAT — The foreign markets were eaty
w'.thout much variation. IJroomhall cabled
from Liverpool that crop conditions In Europe
were about the same, complaints of drought
In Germany being offset by better weather In
Russia and Roumanla.
Chicago was lc lower and featureless. The
Government report showed the condition of the
crop favorable and improving.
In this market futures were lower. The
cash grain was weak and quiet at previous
quotations.
• An- Informal session for dealings in futures
Is now held In the grain room of the Mer
chants' Exchange at~ 4 to 4:30 p. m. on all
business days except Saturday.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 27U«U 35; California
White Australian. $1 62%@1 67%; Northern
Club. $1 30<81 40; Northern Blucstem, $1 50
©1 55 per ctl.
' FUTURES.
•BeMton 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low.,. Close.
December ...*1 28% $128% $127% $128
2 p. m. Session.
December— $1 2S.
BARLEY — The feeling was firmer yenterday
owing to lighter receipts, though prices showed
no change. Futures were lower again. The
whole market was quiet and uninteresting.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1®1 02%: Brewing. $1 05©l 07%;
ChewUier, $1 02%@l 10 for fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ... U5% 95% 95% «5%
2 p. m. Session.
• December— 95%c. . *
OATS — The feature of the market at pres
ent is she appearance of new crop Reds, which
are quoted at $1 10® 1 20 per ctl, with sales
of two cars from San Joaquin County at thesa'
quotations. Old show no change and are quiet,
with offerings ample for the demand.
White, $1 404J1 45; Black, $1 20$l 25; Red.
$1 20@l 30; Gray, nominal.
CORN — Every day sees Us regular Install
ment of Western coming in but arrivals of
State product are slender. The marKet rules
steady at unchanged prices, the demand being
sufficient I to prevent any accumulation.
Western sacked, $1 .".Ofil 55 for Yellow,
$1 47%«l 62% for White and $1 45#1 50 for
Mixed; California large Yellow, $1 55; ¦ small
round do. $1 65®1 60; . White. $1 55 per ctl;
Egyptian, $1 32%®1 42%" for Whlta and $1 25©
1 80 for Brown.' 1
KYB — Offerings ara light and the market Is
oulet and featureless at $1 30©l S2% per. ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75g2 per ctL
Flour and. Millstuffs.
The mlllera now report a rather better de
mand for cereal products, though the market
Is quiet at best and without feature.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $1 60©
4 90 usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $1 5OJT1 60:
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $3 85® 1 23
per bbl:
, MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
.follows: Graham Flour, $3 50 per 100 lbs:
CHICAGO,- Jun« : 14. — Sentiment in the wheat
pit was bearish from the start. Initial prices
for July being down J /4®%c to He at 86V»c to
8QV'»c. A number of influences combined to
create a 'feeling of depression, the most impor
tant'being the imperfect harvest weather in
the South. Weakness of. foreign markets in
the .face of a eharp upturn here yesterday
was another bearish element. The fact also
thht the flrat carload of new wheat had ar
rived at St. ; Louis mnd had graded No. 2 red
brought out a number of selling orders.. .Many
trader* went short in the expectation that
the weekly Weather Bureau report would show
an Improvement In' the condition of the -crop.
The rrarkct continued . heavy throughout the
day, about the only demand coming from shorts.
A comparatively small decrease In the world's
visible supply was 4 late bear factor and
intensified the desire to sell. Prices were fur
ther weakened" by private advices from Paris,
estimating 12Va.P?r ce,nt increase in the French
crop over last year. After selling down to
81Hi£H4%q. July closed at si-V«M%c.
Favorable weather had a bearish effect on
corn, a« well as on wheat, but another factor,
of possibly equal importance was the largo
increase In private and public stocks.- The
market had a downward tendency throughout
the entire session and final figures were al
most at thp lowest poln: of the day. July
opened a shade to "ic lower at »'.<!{/« lit".;, sold
down to 48H®48V;c, and closed at 4s%@18Hc.
Corn yielded only a trifle, despite the weak
neis in other grains. After opening un
changed to a shade lower at 39%c to 39ft®
89T4c, July ranged between 59&®39%o and
39"*c, closing at 39%c.
Provisions were weak on selling by some of
the large holders. The Impression prevailed
that several of the Eastern longs had liquidated
their holdings. The market closed at the bot
tom with September pork down 35c, lard off
15c and ribs 20c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
July, C old *..°."... *7* 87H 85% 85%
j\ity new MH S6V 4 84% 84%
3 September, old. 82% 82% .82 82
September, new. 81 . 81 . S0J4 80%
Ju C nr:.r.°-. 2 .T. 47% 47* • 47% 47«
July -. 49Vi .49Vi.. 48U 48Vi
September ..... 49 49 48& 48%
Oats No. 2 * •
December ..... 82% 32% 32% 32%
Ju"y ."'.'.!T1!!!' 39% 3§U 39ii 39%
September..... "32% 32$ 32* .32%
Mess pork, oer bbl—
July ....12 75 12 75 12 32^ 12 35
September...... 12 D5 13 00 12 25 12 60
Lard . per 100 lbs —
July..*.,.....,- ¦* 90 6 00 6 72% 6 75
September ...... 7 05 7 07% 6 90 6 90
.' Short, ribs, per 100 lbs—
July .....7 35 7 85 7 15 7 15
September . 1 . . : 7 50 7 02% 7 32% 7 82%
• •. if. , . • ' '
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. June ' 14>-Cash quotation* were
an follows: Flour, steady; Nc. 2 spring wheat.
I K!095c; No. S, 85@fl3c; No. 2 re^, $1 01Q1 02:
No. 2 corn, 4S%c; No. 2 yellow, 53^c; No 2
oats. 40%c: Nd. 3 white, 40®44&;.good feeding
j barley, 3K@>41c; fair to choice malting, 44©54c;
[•No. 1 flaxseed. 616; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 08;
I prime timothy seed,, $2 15; -mess pork, per bbl
,»12 80®12 35;. lard, per 100 lbs, $0 70>g(J 72%;
I short ribs sides (loose). $7@7 25; short clear
Future Grain and Provisions.
Chicago Board of Trade.
Chicago.
CHICAGO. June 11. — CATTLE— Receipts,
3000; steady; good to prime steers. $5 75f#
6 45; poor to medium, $4 75®5 75; stockers
and feeders. $3®! 75; cows, »1 7504 75; heif
ers. f2 50®5 16; canners. fl "o'U- 75; bulls,
$2 GOSti 75; calves, $235 35.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 16,000; to-morrow.
32,<K(0; market 0c higher; mixed and butchers,
ti U5g5 10- good to choice heavy, f. r >@5 12^;
rough heavy. *1 ll.iqj; light, $1 6565; bulk
of sales, $1 95«5 05.
SHEEP— Receipts. 20,000; market 10c higher;
lambs 10©15c higher; good to choice wethers,
*1 8505 10; fair to choice mixed, $3 7505;
Western sheep, $1 25®5 : native lambs, $3®
6 85- Western- lambs, $03-6 75; spring lambs,
*!©7 15.
Omaha.
OMAHA, June 14. — CATTLE— Receipts.
2500; best strong, others steady; native steers,
$4 75i§6 25; cows and heifers. $3 Wg5: can
ners $2fj.'l 23; stockers and feeders, $2 75®
4 20; calves, *3©5 50; bulls, $2 7.Vg4 50.
HOGS — Receipts. 13,500; steady to strong;
heavy $1 S5#4 95: mixed, *1 8O®1 «5; light,
*4 T'i'al 85; pigs, $191 30; bulk of .sales, $1 ttO
e* v ">.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1200; steady; Western
yearlings, *5©5 50; wethers, $5ti5 50; ewes,
$i T.'.fiO 25- common and stockers, $.i'ao 10;
lambs, $5 &0@7.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. June 11.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts* 10.000; steady to 10c lower; native
steers! $1 ."•1H1H 25; native cows and heifers,
$2 25® 5 30; stockers aTid feeders, $3 25<g4 60;
bulls, $2 75^4 50: calves. $2 75®4 50; Western
steertt. $1 :>0ffi"> 75; Western cows, $2 25$5. .
HOGS — Receipts. 13.000; strong to 5c higher;
bulk of sales $» 75®4 95; heavy, $4 9035;
packers, $1 SO<gl 95; pigs and lights. $1 25®
4 90.
SHEEP — Receipts, 4000; steady; muttons,
$1 25fi5 60; lambs, *5 2.V7J7; range wethers,
$4 25® 5; ewes, $3 50^4 75.
: LOCAL MAEKETS.
I CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS. I
Wine Exports in May.
The exports of wine from Ban FYajicisco by
*A ia Vsy were at follows:
Gallons. Cases. Value.
Hawaiian Islands 4A&>1 ¦'•'• $17,079
Tahiti 3.«07 ¦ .. 1..VM
Jtpan «.*>•" .. 2,«3
• hina S..1W 20 1 207
Kast InJie« 57S . . 180
Mexit-o 14.311 143 6.2*O
Central America 3,04$ fM . 1.857
P«n»m» ll.XUi . «5 4,021
Kcuador 2.(mSi» . . 1.230
<v>lo:r.l-;a 108 .. 68
British Columbia ... l.Z»* 11 675
faraui Islands 12U .. MO
« iTTr.eoy 78 . . 56
rar.nttg Island ' 7 33
New Vork 342.7T:« .. 1P3.745
Tctals .:..':. ...4r>.416 "14 $140.M9
In V.ny, IMS. the exerts were 71!i,<tU gal
lcnt< tnd 4C«> cases, valued at (2S7.U3. In
that month CCT..O43 eallone, valued at $220.211,
»ent to New York.
The Weather and Crops.
The weekly rejx-rt of A. G. McAdie. section
director of the cliniau and crop srrx'lce of the
V.eatier Bureau, is as follows:
Warm. c;eai weather and northerly winds
oootlaaH during tbe week in nearly all ra rts
vl th«- State. Liffht rain fell In rone of the
northern <ilftricis. Abnormally high tempera
ture prevailed at the dow of the week in
the moral and nortln-rn section*.
The (tr>itn crop has been further damaged by
the drying winds, t-spfcially in the Sacra
ruento Valley, acd the yield in all sections
»:;i doubtless fall considerably below early ex
pectations. Grain harfest has coir.mer.ced in
& ffcw place* will soon become general.
Barlt-y is yielding a fair crop, but it is tx
p«:ted that wheat and oats will be very
light and much b*'ow last season's crop in
some place*. Hay making and bal'ng are pro
gressing rmxlityr t!^e tAy is pi. excellent qual
ity and th«;_y.eld Is liuge. except in the south.
Hops and corn have b<.*-n injured to some ex
ten; by the ijry winds, and .; is rejiortcd that
hops *ill fail below the av. race in i-unoma
»:i 1 Men<!oc;no C'jur.iirr . Sugar • -beets and
bean* coaUsue in fi:r <on<litlon. Pasturage is
fallirg rapMly. but rattle are doing well.
I'ctato* 1 *- and garden vept tables in some t-ec
iionti have b<en fianvageii by the dry winds.
Vineyards »re in f.rst -class condition in all
rarib of tl.e t-t»te and the prospect is gooi fjr
en una?ual!y large yltld of raisins and other
aimpesu The flr>t car!oa<l of . apricots left
Winters on the fih for t_"h!-ago. Early jx-aebes,
(!um« and cherritK ere b*ing «hlpp»-4 in con
sidtrable quant:tie»: from Vacavllie and Sacra
mento. L'*arl>«mes are yielding a heavy crop
in Sonoma County. Citrus fruits continue in
• x'»!lmt condition
hACRAMENTij VALLEY.— Northerly winds
iiwUIwsmI durinn the w«-» k and the weather
»** <i<-ar and nann. Fire destroyed several
hundred acre* of grein in nienn County..
Nearly all crop* have b**n «Jsvrr.s»e4 by the
diylng winds. an>l th»> yield of grain an<1
f:u!t will be considerably ltes than tytlmat'd
..ir:.fr In th» wa«on. Hay is yielding a Urpe
<:<jp and the quality is excei.ent'; haying in
i.-i:i's ci rr.rl' t'-d in some section*. Barley
harvest it pnsgTtftttlM rather slowly, owing
j.j continuance of hrUk wind! 1 : the crop is r*-
I'.r-.e'l fair. Hoj.s are looking well in tome
]¦ aces and will give a giiod crop. The f.r^t
lull tar.oad o( sprlcote »«» slilp^d to Chi
• ..E-i Irora Wlr.tera en the 'J\h. Early peaches-.
*ji joit*. ch*iTice and «tra»brrrles are beirg
?hli-ped in lirpe quantities from Sacramento.
\ ineyard.s *r* in BCseileBt condition and • *
heavy vit!d i^ protabi*.
COAaT AND HAY SECTIONS— «'lear. warm
»eath«- und brisk »-ir.ds prevailed during the
w ¦< k with very h:ph temperature at the close
in fotne wctions. LlKht rain fell in Mendocino
County. . The hot. dry win»!s have caused con
tudrablc d»rr.atr<- to nearly all crop?, e?p<?
.-ijilly in ii>e central and northern districts,
linyinr it- |>ropr.«sing. and the crop is good
in yield and quality. Grain harvist has com
i.-'-n-.c-d in »orr.e Ke A -tioriF. Wteat and barley
>lel<l fair' crop* though fOrsiirrahly le?*
than anticipated. Hope in BoBCQTt and Men
<i aao <-ountl«s are In felr «-ondltlon. but the
>i-ll wl!l r* light. Corn has been somewhat
tiavnaf-a t>y the <3ry » into. Ixiganherrie* in
tbf vtrfiilty of Santa Rosa will yield the largest
.Tif. ever known. Peache*. arri<-ots. plums
• no <:herrie«i »r«- being shipped from Vscavllle
and oth»r points. Vineyards are in flrst-clau
« •.'n'liticn. -. •
SAN J"AQ1'1N V.».1.LEY.— The weather was
« l*-ar mni warm during the wevk. and !n
the northern portion of the vslley considerable
north «-ind prevailed. Grain.' «tid In ncme
j.iace* fruit, in the northern secttoD 1 were
•J.iiTiSged by the drying winds. Grain!* ripen
ins rapidly and barley harvest continue*; the
\uld and quality are reponnd fair. Wheat
vill l,< nady to har\>-Ft In about ten days.
The ts*cond crop of alfalfa has been cut In
?'.me places. L»eciducus fruits are rip<nir.g
rapidly. «nd apricots are being freely shipped
to market and to the <5ry<T*. The berry har
vest continue*: the crop lg large and of excel
lent quality. Grapes are making good progress
and promise a large crop in all sections. Fe^d
tr getting scarce In some lr»calltlt"8, but stock
if in good condition and healthy. Irrigation
water It- plentiful and V<e|r.c fr»<ly used.
SOl.THEKN CALIFORNIA —Warm, clear
»eather prevailed during the we«k. with occa
sional fog* along the coa*t. Haying Is nearly
completed and baling Is in progress; the yield
is much below average, but the hay lit of
good quality. Sugar <-i:> and beans are do-
Ing well. The ¦ warm, dry wtather has been
I .:•;•. ::¦.> to waJnuts, checking the blight
which had appeared in some place*, and the
t,ro«pect Is good for an average crop. Grapes
are setting well, and the ralFln crop in San
Diego County will probably be as large as
last reason's. Apricots are looking well.
Teaches in the vicinity of Anaheim will be a
failure. Oranges In San Bernardino County
are in excellent condition.
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY.— No change in
weather conditions from previous week; morn
ing fogs and clear days continue. Light crop
of p«-aches and apricots expected. Peach trees
not leafed in places.
ECREKA SUMMARY.— Crops and gardens
making good growth. North winds are drying
the ground: rain needed In the interior. Grass
haying in progress; a heavy crop. Applee are
not doing so well as expected.
Weather Report.
' <120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
J.AK. FRANCISCO, June 14—6 p. m.-
Tbe following maximum and minimum tem
»*mture« are reported ror the preceding day
from Eastern cities: » ..
Boston 58 -50' Washington 72-60
New Orleans S2-74J3L. Louis 76-51
CUic'.ntiatl 6B-64 \>w York 84-64
Philadejpbi* eS-Sl! Jacksonville 78-G4
THE COAST RKCORD.
g 5 3 s 3 * "o
•TATXOXCa 2 |f|g ?§ 5^ f
;-*•' •¦ e>-'S'. j- -' .* - §
". i ":": f -?v? : '/': : \
Baker 2»-«> 60 52 NW Ooudy .00
Carson 20.76 82 4S W Clear .00
Eureka 30.02 56 50 N , Cloudy .00
Fremo 29.72 104 C<$ NW Clear .00
S. E. Faralloa.29.93 66 50 NW Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 29.76 80 41 Cloudy. .00
Pocatello 29.70 84 4S W Clear .00
Independence .29.70 90 62 SE Clear .00
Los Angeles ..29.K8 80 60 W Clear .<X>
Mt. Tan-.alrais.2!».S6 70 67 W Clear .00
North Head ..30.04 52 50 NW Cloudy .00
Phoenix 29.i«4 104 74 E Cloudy .00
Point Reyes ..2»>7 5* 49 NW Cloudy .00
Portland 29. SH 74 52 NW Clear .00
Red Bluff ~.6S 94 BO SE (near .CO
Rofeburs 23. Mi 80 48 N Clear .00
Sacramento '..29.78 74 58 S Clear .in*
Bait Lake ...29.76 88 62 NW Cloudy .«iO
Fan Francisco. 29. 94 58 52 W Cloudy .00
S. L. Obispo. .29.94 68 52 W Clear .00
San Diego ...29.K6 70 5S W Clear .00
Seattle 29. 96 72 . r >0 NW Clear .00
Spokane 29.76 84 52 W Pt.Cldy .00
Tatoosh :{o.0fl T,2 4S W Cloudy .06
Walla Walla.. 29.74 »0 (;0 NW Clear .CO
Wir.nemucca .2O.«S M 48 W Clear .00
Yuma 2U.66 103 80 W Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the
Rocky Mountain region and westward to the
Sierras. A moderate disturbance overlies the
valley of the Colorado and thunder storms
ha\e occurred at Modena and Flagstaff.
Conditions are favorable for thunder showers
Wednesday aftfrnocn in the Sierras.
Cooler weather prevails in the great valleys.
Fop prevails along the coast from San Fran
cisco northward.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. June 15:
Northern California — Fair Wednesday, ex
cept showers In the mountains; cooler In the
interior; fog on the coast; lisht southerly winds
inland: brisk westerly winds on the coast.
Southern California — Cloudy Wednesday-,
with thunder >>torms in the mountains; light
southwest wind.
Nevada — Cloudy Wednesday.
San Francisco anA vicinity — Fair Wednesday,
with fog in the morning;- light south winds,
changing pa frf-fh westerly.
A. G. McADlB. District Forecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
Fcr the twenty-four hours ending at 5 p. m.,
12C*h meridian time. San Francisco. June II,
I'M-*:
a 2 s 2? a
Sjy ?= -: ¦ t = =
STATIONS. i S 2" e - *c =
r* «-» ** - 3
c c 2 °- M
3 3 3 2 ;?¦?
: : = 5 &-T
c rr i
Cloverdale . .-. M 63 ¦ Clear
Colusa 85 Cl Clear .0")
Eureka 56 50 N Cioudy .00
Fresno 101 fi8 NW Cl»-ar. .'11O
Hanford 106 6i» ..:. Clear .00
Hollisier <>S .V{ W Clear .00
Independence 90 C2 SE Clear .00
King City 81 <VJ Clear .00
Livermore S7 52 .... Clear .00
Iy-B Angeles M) 60 W Clear .00
Merced lt« Si Clear .<<0
Napa C9 r.2 S Clear .00
Newcastle 98 S3 S Oear .00
Nxwman K : 59 .... Clear .00
Palermo 92 57 .... Clear .00
P.ed H!uff 04 WJ SE Clear .00
Riverside- »2 65 Clear .00
Sacramento 74 6s 8 : Clear .00
San Diego 70 68 W Clear .00
Francisco .68 52 W Cloudy .00
Pan Jose 85 54 .'.,.; Clear .00
Kan Luis Obispo «S 52 W ' '(Hear .00
Santa Maria 72 51 ... ."tCa«ar .00
Santa Rosa 74 S2 -.Clear ¦ «<K)
.Stotkton J*:; «!1 ...'. Clear" .00
Willows m> 66 S £lear, .00
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS. '
HolllFter— Grapes, heavy foliage, full of
bloom, prospects food.
Hanford— <iood proepects for grain and fruit;
grain looking excellent.
Riverside — Oranges other than late Valencia
about all shipped.
Newcastle— Early peaches coming in.
Colura — Barley will be about half crop;
prunes in good condition.
Napa— Morning high fog; crop conditions
remain the tame.
San Jose — Outlook for peachoa very good.
Livermore— Hay very light weight this year.
Newman — Wheat harvest commenced.
Stockton — Grain harvest commenced ; heavy
croi> In section*.
Santa Maria — Grain harvesting begun; last
weeding of beans this week; apricots showing
up fairly.
Willows — Weather conditions favorable for
all crotiB.
Cloverdale^ — Apples forming nicely.
Palermo — Weather mere favorable for crops.
A. G. McADIE. Section Director.
Ed Elqc, Ilium... 234%) Trinity '. • 3%
General Electric. 156ft|U S Mining 19%
Mass Electric... 18% U S Oil... ..- 9%
-Do pfd 70 Utah 35ft
Mats Gas 39ft Victoria 2
United Fruit 110 Wlnona : 5ft
United Shoe Mach 49ft Wolverine 71ft
Do pfd , . . . .29 I . 1
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money.. |New York Cen..hl8ft
Cons for account. 90ft I Nor & Western... 57ft
Anaconda 3% Do pfd 87
Atchison 72% Ontario & West.. 20%
Do pfd 96% Pennsylvania .... 68%
Bait & Ohio 81%]*Und Mines 10%
Canadian Pacific. 121% Reading ' 24 Vi
Ches & Ohio 31% Do 1st pfd 41ft
Chi Great West.. 04 Do 2d pfd...... 33ft
C, M & St P H5ft Southern Railway. SUi
De Beer* 19>4 Do pfd 8«ft
Denver & Rio G.. 20ft Southern Pacific. 48
Do pfd 71ft Union Pacific 87ft
Erie .'. 24% Do pfd 94ft
Do 1st pfd «<0 U S Steel 9ft
Do 2d pfd 36ft Do pfd 65ft
Illinois Central.. 133 ft Wabash 17
Louis & Nash...lUft Do pfd 35ft
M K & T..: 16% Spanish Fours.... 85%
Bar sliver— Firm. 25ftd per ounce.
• Money — 2Vi«J'"ft per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills Is 2% per cent and for three months'
bills 2%@2Vi P« cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
_—
WASHINGTON, June 14. — To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $104,829,919; gold, $07,
085,007.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. June 14. — COTTON — Closed j
I dull. Middling uplands. 12.40c; middling Gulf,
' 12.ti.1c. Sales, none.
Futures opened weak. June, 11.7Oo; July,
i 11.75c; August, 11.20c; September, 10.23c; Oc
i tober, 9.00c; December, 9.74c; January, 9.70c.
j Futures closed steady. June 11.71c; July,
[ 11.81c; August, 11.40c; September, 10.29c: Oc
1 tober, 9.87c; November. 9.76c; December, 9.79c;
I January, 9.83c.
i New York Grain and Produce, j
NEW YORK, June 14.— FLOUR— Receipts.
18,700 barrels; exports, 18,000 barrels; barely
1 steady and dull. , 7
I WHEAT — Receipts. 55,000 bushels; exports,
13.400 bushels; spot market easy; No. 2 red,
nominal elevator and $1 10 f. o. b. afloat;
1 No. 1 Northern Duluth. $1 00% f. o. b. afloat;
: No. 1 hard Manitoba nominal, f. o. b. afloat.
j Options were heavy declines occurring through
' urgent liquidation. Impelled by bearish weather 1
and crop news. Including the reported arrival |
; of new wheat at St. Louis, and the market
• closed weak, %<8f«c lower. July, S)l 3-160
&2%c, cloeed at 91%c; September, 84 3-H5®
84%c closed at 84 !»c; December. S3%$?84ftc,
closed at Kl%c. .
HOPS— Dull. ¦ "
HIDES— Steady. , .
WOOL--Steady. : . *
PETROLEUM— Quiet.
SUGAR — Raw, quiet; refined, quiet. • ' ¦
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady; mild, steady.
'Futures closed steady at a decline of 6 points;
i total sales. 30.750 hut?*. Including July, 5.8ix8>
I 5.M0c; September, ti@iJ.15c; December, C.30@
0.40c- March, 6.tiO@li.7Oc; May. »>.75<&t5.ttOc.
NKW YORK, June, 14.— BUTTER— Steady. !
¦ Creamery, common to extra. 13@18ftc; State ]
' dairy, common to extra, 13@17ftc.
1 CHEESE — Firm; State full cream, -small.'
! colored, 7 1 4fi7%e; email white. «%®7%c; large '
' colored, «%S7%c; large white, (i%'i}7%c. \
EGGS — Quiet. Western extra selected, 17ft j
i ©ISc; flrsts. l(iftS17c. '•
SUGAR— Raw, firm.- Fair refining. 3%c; j
, centrifugal, 96 test, 3 %c;' molasses sugar, 3%c. 1
1 Refined, quiet; crushed, 5.60c; powdered, 5c;
i granulated. 4:90c.
' COFFEE— Steady. No., 7 Rio, 7 cents. .
' DRIED FRUITS. ... ' . - ¦
' EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
! without . change. De mand Is moderate. ¦ but
j prices are firmly held, with common- quoted at '
4$5Vie: prime. Bftc; choice, CgOftc; fancy 7c. i
! ; PRUNES — Appear tobe moving a little more '
I ifreely. though no transactions In large lots i
j Bre reported, the .demand being confined to the j
Jobbing trade. Quotations range from 2%c >
to 5?ic. according to grade. . ;
• APRICOTS— Are In light supply, and while
the demand Is not pressing prices are con
fidently held. Choice are, quoted at 9ft©10c;
I extra choice. 10V4@10ftc; fancy, ll@13c.
I'KACHES — Also are firm, owing to moderate
supplies. Choice, 7'ic; extra choice, "fttfjSc;
fancy. 9ft#10c.
¦ Nezv York Metal Market.
fK'EW YORK. June,Jl.-r-Tin was again lower
birder ¦ a slight demand. London prices de
clined ¦ 15*, closing at tils 10s for spot and
at £1\7 15s for futures. Locally spot tin Is
now <iuoted at $112 75025 87ft.
.Copt>«r was lower abroad, declining 2s 6d
to. '-¦•'¦ 12s 6d for spot, while futures closed'
at C.Ti Us 3d; Locally ' copper was a shade,
st-adler. closing at $12 62ft«gfl2 75 for lake.
$12 buftl2 ni'ft for electrolytic and $12 12ft{^
$12 £2ft for casting.
¦ Lead declined Is 3d to £11 >10s In London.
Lead locally was quiet at $1 30@4 35.
. Spelter was unchanged at £21 15s In Lon
don »rd nt$l 75#4 87ft in the local market. i
. Iron "clufed at .Ms M In Glasgow and at
42s 3d In Mlddle8boro. Locally Iron is quiet:
No. 1 • foundry Northern Is quoted at $14 .V>S>
?J>; No. 2 foundry Northern. $11^14 50; No.
1 foundry Southern and No. 1 foundry South- ,
vrn soft, $13 25013 75.
Pl(; Iron v.-arrants are weak, with sales at $9.
'Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Juno 14. — Special cable and
telegraphic communications received by Brad
¦trcet'l fhow the following changes In avail
able pnppltaft as compared with last account:
Wheat — United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decereased 2.807.000 bushels;
afirat for and in Europe, Increased 100,000
bushels. Total supply decreased 2,707,000 bush
el*.
Corn — United States and Canada, east of
the RockleK. Increased 678,000 bushels.
Oatn — 1,'nitftd States and Canada, east of the
. Rockies, decreased' 1S1.000 bushels; .
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — . . July. Sept.
Opening 63 6 4
Closing •. 6 2ft 6 3%
, PARIS.
Wheat — v June. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 20 00 20 20
Closing 20 OS . ¦ 20 20
Flour- —
Opening ."....27 35 27 40'
Closing 27 40 27 45
" Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, June 14.— The demand for wool in
the. local market remains quiet, but a firmer
tone Is noted. Old lots are being cleared away
as rapidly as possible. The new clip has ar
rived, but the sales have not been of sufficient
size to indicate the sentiment of the market.
The market for fleece wools is nominal on
spot.
Territory quotations:
Idaho— Fine, 10(gl8c; heavy fines 14@15c;
fin* medium, 17© 18c; medium, 18@19c; low
medium, 18@19c.
Wyoming— Fine, 15ft@16ftc; heavy fine. 14®
15c; fine medium, lt>@17c; medium, 19@20c; low
medium, 20@21c
Utah and Nevada— Fine, 15@16ftc; heavy
fine, 13®llc; tine medium. IG&ITc; medium, 19
ftl'Oc; low. medium, Wijl'lc.
Dakota— Fine, 15@16c; fine medium, 1C@
16ftc; medium. 19©20c; low medium, 19@l'0c.
Montana-r-Flne choice, 18<§19c; fine average,
17(#18c; fine medium choice, 18@19c; average,
lC«S>17c; staple, 19®20c; medium choice, 19
©20c.
.St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, June 14.— WOOL— Steady. Me
dium grades, combing and clothing, 18S23V«c;
light fine. 15<31Sc; heavy fine, 12@15c; tub
washed, 21@22c.
Northern Wheat Market. .
OREGON.
PORTLAND, June ¦ 14. — Wheat— Walla
Walla, 70c; blueetem, "Sc; valley, 79c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. June 11.— Wheat, unchanged;
blues tern, 81c; club, 71c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE June 14. — Clearings, $737,098;
balances $118,110.
TACOMA, Wash.. June 14.— Clearing*. $302,
650: balances, $t}4.4S7.
SPOKANE, Wash . June 14.— Clearings.
$413,634;" balances. $61.4S8.
PORTLAND, Or., June 14. — Clearings, $174,-
C02; balances, $33,220.
4t
Krz: f York Stock market buoya nt and higher. %
Local Stocks and Bonds quiet and not materially' changed.
Silver slightly higher. ExcJiauge unchanged.
Weather Bureau reports crop damage b\ hot, drying winds.
Wheat and Barley quiet, uilli lenver futures.
Wheat Freights lozv and very dull.
.Yrtc 1 Oats appear from the San Joaquin Valley.
Corn and Rye steadily held at previous prices. / ,
V-lour and Millstufis moving oft rather better.
Hay vcak and slow. Feedstuff s still firm.
S'iqht fluctuations in Beans and Seeds.
Kae Potatoes tinner under a good demand. Onions lower,
Jr. at her car of Tomatoes in from Mississippi.
Poultry in ample supply and quiet.
Fruits in good supply and moving off well.
Sales of nnv Dried Apricots, Peaches and Prunes reported. .
Raisins and Nuts dull. Honey held steadily.
Enormous receipts of Butter and heavy receipts of Eggs.
Provisions still quiet, with ample supplies.
Wool moving off well and firm. Hides steady and unchanged.
W eat her Bureau reports some damage to Hops by hot winds.
Live Hogs slightly lenvcr. Beef, Mutton and Veal plentiful.
China Nut Oil advanced. Other Oils unchanged.
San Francisco gets part of the Manila Hay order.
trips of former great operators, much looked
to for leadership of great speculative move
ments. Curiosity Its manifested to see how
far the coming turn of the half-year and of
the full fiscal year for many accountings may
be fixed for winding up of business affairs
and of partnership dissolutions. The weekly
bulletin on the crops, issued by the Weather
Bureau at Washington at noon, was-abund
antly encouraging on the progress of wheat and
cotton, and the slight tone of conservatism
on the corn crop was not alarming. Reaction
followed, with some special pressure against
the coalers. This was due to specific reports
that proceedings against the coal combination
had been determined upon as a result t>t i the
Investigation conducted by the Interstate Com- ;
merce Commission. Reading was carried ¦
slightly below last night on the reaction. The '
market rallied quite vigorously late in the day, :
led again by Manhattan, which rose 3%., A i
number of the active railroad stocks also
moved up a point or more, and the market
closed strong. The rally was helped by rumors
which circulated in the board room that a set
tlement had been arrived at out of court of j
the Northern Securities dispute
The inquiry for bonds was broad and re- I
suited In moving many long dormant issue*,
but sales were effected In come cases at con
cessions. Large blccks of some of the stand- |
ard investment bonds changed hands. Total
sales, par value, $2,295,000.
United States bonds were unchanged on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 14,400 72 ft 70% 7H»
Atchlsori pfd 1,100 »4>i 03V4 94% j
Baltimore & Ohio.. 2,000 79 »fc 79% 79% I
Bait & Ohio pfd.. 100 91% 91ft 91% I
Canadian Pacific 1,800 119V; 118ft 119% i
Cen of New Jersey 10O 101 1«1 lttl% I
Chesapeake & Ohio 600 31% 31 >^ 31%
Chicago & Alton.. 2oo 3S 38' ¦ 3s4 i
Chi & Alton pfd 61
Chi Great West... 3oo 13% 13% 1^V4 i
Chi Northwestern.. iwo 1«9 168 16» :
Chi, M & St Paul. 16 0U0 113 111% 142%!
Chi Mil & S P pfd 177 I
Chi Term & Trans OVi
Chi T &. T pfd.... 400 14ft 14% 14%
C, C, C & St Louis 68ft
Colorado Southern. 100 15% 1514 15
Colo South 1st pfd 200 49 49 4S^i i
Colo South 2d pfd 19 I
Dela & Hudson.. 1,100 155ft 154ft 155
Dela, Lack & West 100 270 270 271 '
Denver & Rio <3... 100 20% 20% 20V* !
Den & R G pfd COft ;
Erie 5.800 24ft '23ft ¦ 24ft I
Erie 1st pfd 400 69ft SSft 58%,
Erie 2d pfd KiO M\ 35 35
Hocking Valley 300 «7ft <W 67ft j
Hocking Valley pfd 100 M)^ SOU 80-% |
IIMnols Central 900 13t>ft 130, 130
Iowa Central 300 16ft 16 16
I Iowa Central pfd - 33
! Kansas City South 100 20ft 20ft 20ft
| K C Southern pfd 100 39"* 39% 39%
| Louisville & Kash. 100 109% 108ft 100%
I Manhattan L 15.000 148ft 144' s 148%
I Metropolitan Sees.. 2,000 S0»4 79% 80
'Metropolitan S H. . 14.2CH) 114% -118 ft 114ft '
| Mexican Central .. ¦ 700- 7% 7% 7ft :
i Minn & S Louis / '4.1 [
1 M. St P & S S M.. 206 62 62 61
M.StP & SS M pfd 120
I Missouri Pacific.. . 4.800 91%. 91ft 91ft
! JIo, Kan & Texas. 10O- 16ft 16ft 1~>h
31, K A T pfd ... 1.100 30 35ft 36% \
\ Ntl R R Mex pfd 36 ,
I New York Cen 100 115 115 ' 115*i ;
j Norfolk & West 600 • 651, 55% 65%
Nor ' & West pfd .... 83
| Ontario & West.. 13.300 26 25% 25%!
| Pennsylvania 10.300 115% 114% 115%
! P. C. C & St. Louis 58
'Reading ..23.400 47% 47 47% j
' Reading lft pfd... ino Hl% »}% H i
i Reading 2d pfd 2O0 6rt 66 65 .
I Rook Island Co... 2.10O 21 l i 2o»4 21ft
I Rock Island Co pfd 200 64% 64U CTt,
! St L & SF 2d pfd 700 40ft 45% 4« ]
St Louis S W 11
St Louis S W pfd.. 200 29 29 " 29
Southern Pacific... 12.100 47% 40% 47%
Southern Railway. 2,100 21 20ft 21 !
South Railway pfd 2ih> 84% felft „¦ 84ft
Tex & Pac 200 21ft 21ft 21»,fc
T. St L & W lOO 23 23 22ft
T. St L & W pfd 36
Vnion Pacific 25.3<X) fi6% 83 t*«V
I-nion Pac pfd 100 92% 92% 92%]
Wahash 30O 16% 1'5V» . 1«U
Wabash pfd 400 33 31V, 34%
Wheeling & L E .. r . 14
Wisconsin Cen «<*> ITU lHft- 1.
Wla Cent pfd 300 3SU 38 . 38-
Express Companies —
Adams .... -«5
American • .... 181
United States 103
Wells-Fargo 203
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 7,600 49% 49'i 49%
Amer Car A Wry 17
Amer C & F pfd.. 700. 70ft 70ft 70
Amer Cotton Oil .. 000 25 24 2!Hi
Amer Get Oil pfd S8
Amer Ice ¦¦•- - «^J'
Amer Ice r.fd H>0 2<i»i 2Cft 26ft
Amer Linseed Oil. 100 7ft 7ft «
Amer L!n Oil pfd 21
Amer Loco 100 19% 194 19ft
Amer. Loco pfd ... 400 K«i 82ft 82ft
Amer Fmelt & Rfg 2.000 M 63%V<&f*
Amer S A R pfd.. 2.«00 J«H% ftSft »»» a
Amer Sugar Bfg. 3,'tOO 126% l25Vi I'M'*
Anaconda Min Co. 200 73 72 73ft
Brook Rapid Trans 18,700 4fi% 48% 48%
Colo Fuel & Iron 29
Consolidated Gas . 500 190>4 190 189%
Corn Products 10%
Corn Products pfd 07
Distillers Securities 200 20 20 lf)%
General Electric .. 3m> 156ft I3M% l.VHs
Inter Paper ICO 11 11 10%
Inter Paper pfd .. 2f>0 fiSft 68 • <iS
Inter Pump ...: .... 30
I Inter Pump pf i ' 7O
I National Lead ... 700 21% 21% 21%
North American •. .... 81
People's Gay 100 97 97 fc-<'
Pressed Steel Car 26ft
Pressed S C pf<i «T»
Pullman Pal Car 212
Republic Steel :. 6«-i
Rep Steel pfd COO 42 42- 41ft
Rubber Goods 15
Rubber Goods. pfd 73%
Tenn Coal & Iron 400 35 ' 35 34'.'
V S Leather 200 fi% C% i\
V S Leather pfd . SOO 79% 79% 79'J
V S Realty 200 6*£ Oft tift
IT S Realty pfd ... 1.100 C0% G9ft 60
D S Rubber 16
U P Rubber pfd V. 100 W,% CC% CS'i
it s steel ;. 1.400' bh »h <n;
U S Steel pfd 9,200 54% 51% r.tft
Wliietlnghouse Elec ,... 1K4
Western Union 87'
Total sales 262.900 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, June 14. — No bond transactions
to-day. .
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4%, asked 4%; preferred, bid
3Sft. nskad 3U.
. NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s. reg...lO4% T, & N unified 4a. 101%
Do coupon \105ty Man con gold 4b.10:;%
Do 3s, reg :105% Mexican Ce« 4s.. «;4
Do coupon 100 Do 1st inc 12\3
Do new If. reg.l32V« Minn & St L 4s.. 96
Do coupon 132ft M. K & T 4n ftS^i
Do old 4s. reg. 106 Do 2dn 77%
Do coupon 107 Ntl R Mex con 4s 74%
Atchlson gen 4s.. 101% N Y Cen gen 3fts.lOOM,
Do adj 4s 91ft N J Cen gen 5s.. 1.11%
Atlantic C L 4s.. 05% Northern Pac 4s.. 104ft
Bait & Ohio 4s..lO2>/4 Do 3s 73ft
Do 3fts. 93% N & \V con 4s... 99%
Central of Ga 5s.l<i9ft OSL 4s and partlc 9«ii'
Do 1st Inc 7J» Penn conv 3fts.. itOVd
Ches & Ohio 4ft«. 104% Reading gen 4s..l00Vi
Chi & Alton 3fts. 79 PtL & IM con
C. B & Q new 4s. 9il StL & SF tg 4s.. S2%
C.MASt P pen 4s. 109 St L S W lets... 9Hft
C & N W con 7s.I2SU Seaboard A L 4s. C9
C,RI & P R R 4s. 69V4 Southern Pac 4s.. 91'4
Do col 5s 79% Southern Ry S8..118
CCC&St L gen 4s. \)»\*\ Texas &. Pac lsts. 117ft
Chi Terminal 4s. 74ft|T. St L & W 4«.. 70ft
Con Tobacco 4gfe «!2ft Union Pacific 4s.. 103ft
Colo & South 4s. Sift Do conv 4s..... 98%
Colo F & 1 70 IT S Steel 2d 5s... 74%
Den & Rio G 4s.. !W%KVabash lsts HOVi
Erie prior lien 4s. 99%| Do deb B B7%
Do gen 4s 85% Wheel & L E 4s.. fin%
Ft W & D C.lsts.104 I Wisconsin Cen 4s. 90
Hocking Val 4fts.lO9ft|
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 25! Little Chief. ....... 05
Alice 20| Ontario 3 7.1
Breece lOjOphir .3 95
Brunswick Con 14| Phoenix ofl
Comstock Tunnel, . 09 Potosl .; , 10
Con Cal & Va 1 "OlSavage ......¦..'.¦... 1«
Horn Silver l'SStSlrrrA Nevada 36
Iron Silver ..1 751 Small Hopes....... IS.
Leadvllle Con . 02|Standard 2 00
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money — . U 8 steel 9
Call loans, ....2ft@3ft Do pfd 64ft (
Time loans 8ft@lft West'house com... 77
Bonds — Mining —
Atchison adjust 4s 89% Adventure 1
Do. 4s, 100% Allouez ,. 5U
Mexican Cen 4s.. 60 Amalgamated .... 495?
Railroads — ', I American Zinc... 9ft
Atchison ........ 71ft Atlantic ...A 7ft
Do pfd 91 Ulngham ..........20%,
Boston & Albany. 240V4 Calumet & Hecla.455
'Boston & Maine.. 163 Centennial ;. 19
Boston Elevated.. 147 Copper Range 42 U
Fltchburg pfd. ...131ft Daly West .... 23ft
Mexican Central.. 7Vi Dominion Coal.... 63
NY. NH&H...188 Franklin 7
Pere Marquette... 78 Grancy jj
Union Pacific... 66% Isle Royale 7
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining 3V4
Am 'Arge Chem.. 13% Michigan ....:.'..' '3U
Do pfd. . ..;¦. . . .73 Mohawk 40%
Am Pneu Tube... 4% Mont Coal & Coke 4
Amer Sugar 126% Old Dominion 12ft
Do pfd 125H Osceola .;.,. 69ft
Am Tel A Tel. .128% Parrot ...*. :. 24%
Amer Woolen.... 10ft Qulncy' 80*
Do pfd.. ....... 76 Shannon '. .. 6ft
Domln I & P 7 Vi Tamarack .'. ...... 00 j
-.¦•• -¦ ¦ . .¦•¦-'-¦
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
sides (boxed), 16 75@7; whisky, basis of high
wines $1 2S; clover, contract grade, $10 75.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 17,300 20,700
Wheat. v bu ....28,600: 28,500
Corn, bu 664,400 354,700
Oats, bu 120,3.10 91,800
Rye, bu 4,000
Barley, bu .....J 28,900 '6,400
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, June 14. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter roarkef was- easy;
creameries, 13%©17%«: dairies, Il%ei6c.
Eggs easy; <»t mark, 147£14%c. Cheese easy,
7K@8c. . ? .
Miscellaneous Markets.
THE SAN:: FRANCISCO CALL\ WEDNESDAY,- JUNE 15, '
Continued on Page Fourteen.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
EASTERN- MARKETS.
ADCTION SALES
£» Special Auction Sale £*
At ARCADE HORSE MARKET,
327 SIXTBT ST..
WEDNESDAY. June 13. at 11 a- m.
By order of A. C. TEBBS of StudenU' Sta-
bles of Palo Alto. I will sell the contents of
the above stables, consisting of S3 GOOD
HORSES (work and driving). 1 wagonette or
bus. 4 surreys. 1 3-aeated surrey, ft runabouts.
1 top buggy, 1 light rubber-tired hack. 40
seta of harness (single and double), 1 light
farm wagon. This stock of horses and car-
riages is all In good condition and only used
a short time. Stock can be seen at our fta-
bles. 327 Sixth street. Tuesday before the sale.
Positively no limit or reserve.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
fe fe £*
Two carload* gentle draught horses. It CO to
1800. from Slskiyou County. Ready to go to
work. FRED H. CHASE * CO.. 1732 Market.Baggage transferred to and from all trains,
steamers, etc, •£ low rates. One trunk (sin
gle trip) SS cents; round trip SO cents. Morton
Special Delivery. 308 Taylor, «50 Market, Oak
land Ferry Depot. Phone Exchange 46. •
Notice to Passengers.
R. C. Porter, an 18-year-old boy, re
siding with his parents at San .An
selmo, was taken onto custody yester
day afternoon by United States Mar
shal Shine on a complaint charging
him with violation of the postal laws.
The complainant "is Theodore Lowe,
manager of the Raven, a periodical
published in this city. He alleges that
Porter addressed him an insulting let
ter with the following on the envelope:
"Lowe. 316 Clay street, city. The
thief editor of the Raven fake." f_.;V :>
Porter, who appears to be an un
sophisticated youth, shed tears when
informed that he would be taken to
jail in default of $500 bonds. He said
his father would not be over from San
Anselmo , until 6 p. m. and United
States Commissioner Manley and Mar
shal Shine consented to wait until that
hour. Porter stated that he had
worked for Lowe for six weeks as
stenographer and typewriter and that
Lowe had refused to pay him his
salary, which was at the rate of $35
per month. He -had been dunning
Lowe for some weeks, he said, but had
failed to extract either silver or gold
from the representative of the black
bird. '
Typewriting Youth From San Anselmo
Sheds Tears at Sight of United
States Commissioner Manley.
j STENOGRAPHER PORTER
INSULTS THE RAVEN*
Burnett's Extract of Vanilla— to
purity and strength pre-eminently superior. •
. Notice.^ — Our name is not in the tele
phone book. • When ' you want Bekin's
Van and Storage Company, call tor Main
285, 1016 Broadway. • *
MACHINIST HURT.— While working on the
California at th« -Union Iron Works Fred AI
wlstelade of 501 Twentieth street wa* struck
on the head by a falling piece of machinery.
He was taken to the Potrero ' Hospital and
treated for fracture of the skull
Ladles suffering from, nervous afflictions find
quick relief. In Parker's Ginger Tonic.*--
Parker's Hair Balsam' aids the hair growth.*
, A fire broke out in the .basement
occupied by. the firms of Nathan, Dohr-1
mann & Co. and Daniel McLeod & Co.'
at 339 Bush street last night. Thfe
Fire Department responded quickly" to
the alarm and the flames were soon
extinguished. The damage , amounts
to about $750.
Fire in Business Section.
¦ MELOXE ESTATE.— The flrst of
Sarah B. Melone, administratrix of. the estate
of Drury Melone, deceased, shows receipts
amounting to $12,720 29 and disbursements of
$12,446 54. Claims allowed and approved ag
gregate $45,325.
Stephen A. Walters, a member of
the Brotherhood of Railway Train
men, was arrested on Second street
yesterday morning by Detective Cody
on a dispatch from Chief W. A. Ham
mel of Los Angeles, saying that Wal
ters was wanted there for felony em
bezzlement. It is alleged -that he got
$4 95 from a woman on Monday morn
ing to deposit in a bank, but instead
of doing so he, with his wife, took the
train for this city. Chief Hammel
was informed of Walters' arrW and
replied that an officer would be sent
at once to take him back.
Wanted in Los Angeles.
• Be explicit In 'writing receipts when whiskey
is used— say "Old Gilt Edg«" and there'll be
no disappointment. Wholesale at 29-31 Battery
et.,' S. F. Wichman. L,utgen& Co. •
Frank Bird, a sailor on board the
steamer State of California! fell down
the hold of "the. vessel last night and
both his legs were broken above the
ankle. The injured man was taken to
the Harbor Hospital.
Falls Down Hold of Steamer.
The Mexican dollar will soon be a
thing of the past in tho Philippines; the
Logan arrived yesterday with tifty tons
of them consigned to the Mint here to
be recoinofl. Buy gas ranges from S. F.
Gas and Electric Co.. 415 Post street. •
J.Pronges, pleading ignorance of the
laws of this country, and reliance upon
the word of his countrymen, fljed a
complaint in the Superior Court yester
day, in. which he alleges that M. D.
Vanvales, George Panagiolaros and
John Doe Spiropalos defrauded him out
of $500 under pretense of doing a good
turn for his brother. He says 'that
Vanvales and Spiropalos, on May 2G,
represented to him that Dave Pronges,
the defendant's brother, had been: ar-;
rested at Spokane charged with having
committed a forgery at Fresno. They
declared, he says, that Dave would be
extradited and brought tA California
for trial, but that for the sum of : $500
they could procure his release and ar
range for his return to California with
out danger of prosecution.
Pro»ges alleges that he gave the men
$250 In gold and his note for $250 pay
able in thirty days. Then, according
to the complaint, he discovered that
his brother had hot been arrested." He
sues for the return of .the money and
the surrender of the note. ¦,
Alleges .JThey Offered to Get Ills
Brother Out of the Spokane Jail
- ¦ for $500. v,i V
; Charles' Dexter, and J. B. Dines, rep
resenting a syndicate recently formed
in' St. Louis, are in California for the
purpose of buying 1000 acres of land
for a colony which .-.rill grow naming
tokay grapes. -They were met in St.
Louis, by Dr. ,R. M. Green and Judge
J. H. Wills, the . Sacramento Valley
Commissioners, and are looking over
the Sacramento County possibilities.
The Promotion Committee announced
yesterday that after much investiga
tion it had found that the population
of San Francisco Is in excess of 450,000
and probably close to 500,000. The re
cent city directory, for 1904 contains
187,160- names, * exclusive' of business
houses. The United States census in
1900 credited the city with 342,782 per
sons and the directory that year con
tained 130,000 names. '
An invitation to the Sons of the
American Revolution to convene in San
Francisco in 1905 has been sent to the
convention of the society which opens
at St. Louis to-day! The cities of the
West are joining in urging the claims
of California, A telegram was received
yesterday by tlie California Promotion
Committee from the Portland Commer
cial Club saying that that organization
heartily joins in urging the Sons of the
Revolution^ to hold .their next meeting
here. '
Western Sentiment in Favor of San
Franeisco— Efforts ' of Promo
tion . Committee. .
SONS OF REVOLUTION
INVITED TO MEET HERE
PRONGES SAYS COMPATRIOTS'
GOT HIS MONEY BY FRAUD
The annual election and meeting of
the San Francisco Art Association was
held yesterday at the Mark Hopkins
Institute of Art. The following di
rectors were elected: Willis E. Davis,
Louis Sloss, Lorenzo P. Latimer, Hen
ry Heyman, Horace G. Platt, James D.
Phelan, Newton J. Thar?, Warren D.
Clark, George W. Turner," William G.
Stafford and Vanderlynn Stow.
It was announced that a life mem
bership had been recently conferred
upon John Ross Martin, who has been
assistant secretary of the. association
for thirtv-two years.
Art Association Election.
Land of the Midnight Sun. Glaciers
and a thousand islands en route. Inside
passage. Seasickness unknown. The
palatial excursion steamer Spokane will
leave Seattle, 9 a. m.. June 7.. 21. July 5.
19, Aug. 2. 16. For information, apply
to Pacific Coast S. S. Co.'s Ticket Offices.
4 New Montgomery st. (Palace Hotel)
and 10 Market st. C. D. Dunann. Gen.
Pass. Agt., San Francisco. /• * •
Alaska Excursion- r-ison 1904.
Harper asks that the lease be of
fered for sale at public auction. He
says that it is his intention, should he
obtain the lease, to inaugurate an
amusement scheme on the block.
W. L. Harper petitioned the Board
of Supervisors yesterday to lease for
a term. of twenty years a block of land
bounded on the. west by the Pacific
Ocean, on the east by the Ocean bou
levard, on the north by a line corre
sponding with J street and on the
south by K street.
Would Lease Part of Ocean.
George Garran, who pleaded guilty
in Judge Dunne's court to a charge of
robbery, was sentenced yesterday to
serve seven years in San Quentln. H<»
and Frank Carroll, who was sentenced
last week to serve ten years in Fol
som penitentiary, held up Joseph
Joyce on February 25 and took $20
from him. There were prior convic
tions against Carroll.
Sentenced for Robbery.
The opinions In the three cases were
written by Justice Angellotti, with
whom Justices Shaw, McFarland,
Henshaw and Van Dyke directly con
cur. Chief Justice Beatty and Justice
Lorlgan dissent in each case.
Many towns did not avail themselves
of the privilege,' but they were still
subject to the general laws until 1S96.
In that year there was passed a con
stitutional amendment which provided
that all cities and towns shouia be
controlled by the general laws' ex
cept in "municipal affairs'."
In 1901 the Legislature passed section
3366 of the Political Code, which forbids
all cities and towns from imposing li
cense taxes except for police regula
tion. The Supreme Court holds, how
ever, that this law applies only to such
cities and towns as have been incor
porated under the constitution or such
as have, reorganized under the pro
vision of the general law.
Previous to the adoption of the con
stitution cities and towns were created
by special acts of the Legislature. The*
constitution provided for the Incorpor
ation of municipalities of the various
classes and made them all subject to
the general laws. Opportunity was
offered for all cities and towns cre
ated by special acts of the Legislature
to reorganize under the general laws
relating to corporations for "municipal
purposes."
A majoritv of the Supreme Court de
cided yesterday that cities and towns'
created by special acts of the Legis
lature prior to" the adoption of the
State constitution and not since reor
ganized under the general laws are not
affected by section 3366 of the Political
Code, which prohibits local govern
ments from enacting license laws f6r
revenue. A large number of cities and
towns are affected by this ruling, and
many of them have enacted laws for
revenue.
The matter was brought to the at
tention of the Supreme Court on writs
of habeas corpus from Whittier,
Marysvllle and Santa Clara. The au
thorities of Whittier imposed a reve
nue tax on the livery and feed busi
ness, Marysville taxed restaurants and
Santa Clara taxed several kinds of
business.
Supreme Court States That
Numerous Municipalities
May Levy. Bevenne Taxes
Consideration Is $123,000 — The Lot
Will Be the Site of Handsome
New Clubhouse.
The Bohemian Club, after long
negotiations, yesterday took title to the
site of the old synagogue at the north
west corner of Post and Taylor street?.
The deal was closed by Thomas Magee
< & Sons, the price being $125,000. A
handsome new home for the Bohe
mians will be built. There will be
•\ample room for it, as the lot has a
/frontage of 105 feet on Post and 97'i
[ feet on TaytTr. *
SOLVES BLIND
LEGAL PUZZLE
.The Justices of the Peace visited
Mayor Schmitz yesterday to urge his
assistance in the proposition not to
hold an election for Justices of the
Peace this year, for the reason that the
State law, backed by the opinion of
City Attorney Long, makes the term
four years. Election Commissioner
Devoto was also present. After hear
ing argument why an election should
not be held Mayor Schmitz stated th^t
he would not interfere with any
course decided upon by the Election
Commission. The latter body will
meet to-morrow night and settle the
question.
Election of Justices of Peace.
THE BOHEMIAN* CLUB BUYS
OLD SYNAGOGUE PROPERTY
, John'W. Rodgers. Election Commis
sioner, snoke on "The Leader and the
Boss." A. W.. Voorsanger reviewed
"Ruer the Man." James Gallagher dis
coursed on "Friendship." Charles M.
Shortridge dwelt on the "Example of
Leadership." calling spirits from the
vasty deep. Dr. Poheim. speaking on
"Chicago Germs," remarked incidental
ly that Ruef was afflicted with the
germ of greatness for which there was
no cure. George H. Bahrs answered
the question "Is Devotion to Politics
the Duty of the Citizen?" D. W. Bur
chard replied to "The Bench and the
Bar."., P. McGushen wound up the
evening with. an original poem on "The
Golden "West."
I will be gone three weeks. I will not try
to revolutionize the United States. - 1 win not
take any gold bricks. If I do I will give
them to you when I return. You can have
them. I do not need . them In my business.
Suddenly and with no warning Ruef
went into a caustic roast on papers
that have criticized him. His language
ys as so severe that the wine in the
glasses boiled over. Some applauded
and others whispered to him to for
bear. But the speaker was warmed
up arid spoke his mind freely. He con
tinued until the impatient orchestra
started "Bedelia."
I see before me men who have- been my
friends, and when I 1 note how many they are
I am proud and elated. I know that we arc
bfiind tirmly by a common regard for one
another and we' have gone through troubulous
times rhoulder to shoulder.
trouble. Luckily the gift is accompa
nied by what always goes with suc
cess—a sack."
Here a member from the Twenty
eighth was overcome by laughter and
a vertebra of the boneless tenderloin
of sole' which strayed Into his bron
chial tubes. When the bone and the
man had both been removed the speak
er continued, thus:
Members of all the clans from
North Beach to the Ten-Mile House
raised a pandemonium. As he waited
for the tumult to subside Ruef smiled
the smile of confidence and capered to
the tune of "He's a Jolly good fellow."
i "This Is the highest tribute that
could be paid to any man," paid Ruef.
"But It is likely to bring me a load of
"May he live long to remember this
occasion," said the Mayor, "and to
ehow this tribute to his children and
his grandchildren." .'
Finally Mayor Schmitz realized that
the assemblage would d6 some damage
to the caterer's ware if the big event
was withheld much longer. He rose
holding. a red sack, from which he pro
duced a gold-plated loving cup. He
read the inscription: "To A. Ruef as a
token of good fellowship and a trib
ute to his personal worth "from his
many admirers." - . .
State flower. Ruef received this in an
anteroom before the banquet, and as he
showed it to those about he was as
near tears as he ever has been. For
the first time in his public life he was
without words.
James A. Devoto, the Civil Service
Commissioner, was the initial speaker.
He responded to the toast, "Our State."
He was indistinct, and, at the sugges
tion of Borne of the banqueters, he
climbed upon a chair, better to ba heard.
He thundered away from this point of
vantage, but so great was the babbling
among the banqueters that most of his
words were lost in the shuffle. R. H.
¦Countryman.who responded to the toast,
"Innocents Abroad," was scarcely less
fortunate, although h^ occupied a
stand midway among the banqueters.
He made a rattling fct>ech, but most
of it was lost on hi3 auditors. They
were calling for Ruef.
FOOD HAS INNING.
A RtEF OL'EST OF HONOR AT A ' NOTABLE .BANQUET. EXECUTIVK HEAD
' OF THE CITY. WHO PKESIl«ED AS TOASTMASTER, AND CIVIL- SERVICE
COMMISSIONER. WHO ACTED AS MASTER OF CEREMONIES.
FCIC1DE lDENTIi"Ii:i> — Thr body of th»
ci&n who committed suit Ide on thr w-ean h*ach
by 6««l!owint oarbolio add last Sunday nirht
v.M Identified at ihr M< rpue yesterday as that
ri Cfeartea bmlth. a cook'a h*l;*r in the Df!
ra*o saloon.
Proudest of all the manifestations of
friendship was Ruef over the invita
tion extended him to attend the ban
quet. It was an engraved silver plate,
with the seal of the City and County
of San Francisco raised in gold upon it
and flanked by enameled poppies, the
Dinner completed. Mayor Schmitz
acted as toastmaster. /Vmong some
strong things he uttered was a sen
tence that appealed to the banqueters
with force. "This occasion," he said,
"is a fitting rebuke to the dastardly
lies that have been published regard
ing our honored guest; not alone
about him, but about every public of
ficial who has dared to think and act
as his conscience dictated. Abe Ruef
may be a wily politician, as has been
charged; he may be an aetute poli
tician, as has been charged, but he
was never a traitor to his friends, and
I Etand here to-night, as Mayor of the
city of San Francisco, to testify to this
fact-"
Men climbed the table and stood
in the icecream to voice the indorse
ment given by the' Mayor. Down
through the center aisle came a waiter
carrying a magnificent horseshoe of
budding roses. It was from the
Greek- American Republican Club,
bearing the inscription, "This is
just • a token- from the Greeks
American Club. forwarding you
its greetings and wishing you to re
turn conqueror from your political
mission." Numerous other floral
emblems were stacked in 'front of
Ruefs place • at the banquet board
and they all bore the happiest hopes
for health and success.
ritOUD OF INVITATION.
MAYOR IS ACTIVE.
Despite some drawbacks those pres
ent had the time of their lives in
wafting greetings to v Ruef on his east
ward way. The long hall where the
banquet was spread was a bower of
ferns and smilax. Flowers of all hueq
decked the tables and the red, white
and blue of the United States covered
the lumbered walls. An orchestra of
thirty pieces, embowered in greens and
national flags, played patriotic and
popular airs. When "Columbia" was
started the entire assemblage rose to
its feet and drank its wine silently.
Ruef was becomingly late. Although
the invitation stated that the big event
was to occur at 7 o'clock, it was 8
o'clock before he reached the pavilion.
He was taken in hand at once by the
committee, and "Big Bill" Minnehan,
the police guardian of Telegraph Hill,
who was specially detailed for the oc
casion, escorted the guest of honor to
his seat at the banquet board. Flank
ing him on one side was Mayor
Schmitz and on the other was Frank A.
Maestrelti, the Fire Commissioner,
George Boyne acted as master of cere
monies anJ started the speech-making.
RUEF COMES LATE.
There was more cheering than eat
ing. Every time Ruefs name was
mentioned the entire house arose to
its legs and roared. Mayor Schmitz
was scarcely less popular, and the
mention of his name evoked a throaty
shout from the banqueters. Police
Judge Cabaniss was honored by three
cheers between the chops and the
chicken.
Ruef took the cake, all the cold pie
on the dump and eighty-nine per cent
of the value contained in the tailings.
Rooting for a favorite died a pale death
compared with the reception tendered
the guest of the evening. Mayor
Schmitz presided. Judges and me
chanics, commissioners and newsboys,
preachers and saloon men. Sheriffs and
men about town sat in the four lines
of tables that stretched through the
big hall.
Abraham Ruef was the whole thing
last night. Seven hundred of his
friends tendered him a banquet on tha
eve of his departure to the Republican
National Convention at Chicago as al
ternate for John D. Spreckels. The
banquet was given in the art gallery of
Mechanics 1 Pavilion. .
South Park, on Bryant and Brannan
streets, between Second and Third, will
shortly pass into the uncoiuested pos
session of the city of San Francisco,
upon payment of $20,000 appropriated
by the Supervisors for the purpose. The
title of the property has been for seven
years in litigation" between the city and
"the heirs of the Wallace and Little es
tates j;nd yesterday the suit was ended
in Judce Sea well's court by Judgment
in favor of the city" After some years
at law. the Supervisors authorized the
city attorneys to buy the property &>r
120.000 — of which $10,000 was to be paid
\rben the title was cleared and $10,001
with the pepsins of the deed. The suit
for possession against the city was in
the name of Daniel Wallace and the
executors of the estates of Richard
Wallaefi, John Wallace and Mary W.
Little. Yesterday the fourth amended
coir.p!aint of the plaintiffs was accepted
by the city and the decision rendered.
Th«» <f;np!aint traced the title of the
property from the ownership of George
Gordon in 1S€!>. down through the set
tlement of the various estates to which
It successively was devised. The Rich
ard Wallace estate v, as administered
in Dublin, Ireland, and that of Mary
%T. Uttle in Xew York.
As the municipal budget was based
on a prospective assessment roll of
$465,000,000 with a tax rate of $2.2053 on
every $100, it is apparent that the city
will collect in round numbers $350,000
over and above the total of the vari
ous, appropriations. This money will
lie dormant in the City Treasury, as
under the charter it cannot be used
this year, but must be carried over into
the funds of the next fiscal year. This
directs attention to the apparent de
fect in the charter requiring the fixing
of the tax rate on the last Monday in
June before tluraggregate sum of the
assessment roll is known. The State
law requires the fixing of the tax rate
on the third Monday in September,
and, if the charter did not prevent,
that date would be the logical one, as
the assessment would then be known.
If the tax rate were fixed later it
would result either in a lower tax rate
or the collection of a sum of $350,000 that
could at once be appropriated for pub
lic improvements.
The increased assessment roll is due
to new assessments on franchises of
corporations and banks under a recent
Supreme Court decision; to the raising
of real estate valuations in certain
favored districts, and to additions made
on account of new buildings, which
have been constructed in large num
bers. Some reductions have been made
on old improvements, but these have
been more than offset by the increases.
The roll totals approximately $490,
000,000,' but the additions yet to be
made may raise it to the half-billion
nlark. The estimate of $490,000,000 is an
immense increase over the roll of 1903,
when it was $427,452,110. In 1902 the
assessment was $419,968,466. The in
crease is in conformity with the prom
ise made by Assessor Dodge last year
to the State Board of Equalization
when it raised San Francisco's assess
ment by 30 per cent. Dodge then said
that the roll would show an increase 1
of at least $30,000,000 and he has kept
his word, as it bids fair to exceed, his
own estimate by more than $35,000,000.
Dodge was forced to take this stand
owing to an Implied threat that the
Board of Equalization would again
rai^p this" city's assessment if Its As
sessor did not.
From preliminary calculations made
yesterday In the Assessor's office it
was ascertained that the assessment
roll for this year will aggregate nearly
$500,000,000.
Mayor Schmitz Presides,
Seven Hundred Citi
zens Attend.
Judge Sexiwell Renders De
cision in the' Suit Brought
by the Executors of Estates
Money Not Specifically Ap
propriated Must Be Car
ried Over to Next Year
PBICE IS TO BE $20,000
Banqueted by His Ad
mirers on Eve of Jour
ney to Chicago.
LAEGE SUM TO BE IDLE
Long Litigation Is Ended
and San Francisco Will
Xow Pay for the Tract
Preliminary Calculations by
the Assessor Show a
Big Increase in the Eoll
CITY TO HAVE
SOUTH PARK
FRIENDS OF ABRAHAM RUEF EXTEND
HEARTY FAREWELL ON EASTERN TRIP
HALF BILLION
IS ASSESSMENT
THE" SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 15, 1904.
16
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Commencing Wednesday June 15th,
we will place on. SPECIAL SALE 16
Cases Fine PRINTED BATISTE, full
30 Inches wide, in a great Yarietg of
choice designs. £
Price JljQ Yard.
Regular value 20c.
We will also have on sate at same
time 5 Cases PRINTED IRISH
DIMITIES, small and medium de-
signs, at i
3&P * C* Yard
Worth 25c Yard.
WRITE TOR SAMPLES.
... SEE WINDOW DISPLAY. . .
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADvrKTisEMzinra,
ROYAL SHOE CO.
Onp <jf the requisites essential to th»
enjoyment cf one's tiinmer vacation ii' a
cornfomble nair cf «-h. »s. and we ar»> H
a i»c.Eitlon. «lt!l our larce nock of outing
poods, to euuuly your r quirements. Cor-
rect styjps up-to-ds.t*' Idea* and price* ex-
eeodinily low m&kt our establishment the
popular shot- etcre of Ssan Francisco.
Ladies' Canvas Shoes
To elo»e <vjt the remainder of tlii* tine
line cf canve* siiocs. we offfr them *l
ji. rrice for which they cannot be ob-
tained elsewhere. Durable, pood quality
drab-colored canvas lace shoes, with
6trai»rtit tips and circuiar-cut vamps. Soles
are light and flexible, with •anvar-colored
I/;.- beelf. Idf-al for summer wear anri
rr.-a.t values while th» quantity lasts.
Widtis C tu E; siz'-s 2'.- to « only.
Special price
Ladies' Juliets With
Rubber Heels
We bave a new line of Juliets, rnadt: for
wear cud »olid omfort. and yet have a
n'»t etylisij appearance. Ktae vicl kid
F*>.:k. with latent leather tips: light, flex-
ible •¦.;..- and common-eenpc heels, -to
which are attached rubber heels. These
shoes are especially adapted to the wants
cf nurt"*, etc. but are suitable for air
who apprfcUte an <v|LF > r . good-looking, com-
fortable Ehoe. You ¦cannot buy them any
lila^ else for the money.
t5!ze« 2V4 to H: width* B to EE.
Epecial price 91.-O
Infants' Kid Lace
tik£ \a a p
fjur children's shoes are sellers. TVhy?
Oecaue* we bave the largest variety on
the market and our prices are the most
popular. For the balance of the week
we w-lll fcave on sale Infanta' fine kid lace
rhoes. with patent tips and hand-turn
v tolee «t a phenomenal price. Part of a
' ehfpment Just received from an Eastern
manufacturer, who makes only the best
erades of infants" rJioes.
£izea 2 to 5- Special price SJic
hzr.i* »" above In button, turn soles,
2 to 5. Special price 3Oc
SEE OUR SHOW WINDOWS.
ROYAL SHOE CO.
50 Third Street.
To all who call this w««k w< will pr*-
eect free, ot cnanre an ebonlted robber
tno* bora. Eoniethlnjr new.
A $9 Trunk for $6
. It's one of our special offers
for exposition and vacation
travel. If you need a trunk,
bag or dress suit case, see our
line before you make your
purchase.
A. B. SMITH CO.
128 Ellis Street, Above Powell.
~/M% x Itei Crowns
|"VanVn)om" I
I DENTALPARLORS
Ifj SIXTH and MARKET
|ASTHMANOLA|
Is th« only core for xrarvous ftsi
. Bronchial ASTSMA.
Tour Druggist or at OtM* HAlCiUT •1W '
f«Mf*§ti~ £ * a Franciico. Cai. .