VOLUME XCVI— XO. 17.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
COM31ANDER IN CHIEF OF THE RUSSIAN LAND FORCES IN THE FAR EASTERN WAR.
Continued on Page 2, Columns 2, 3 and 4*
s. Continued on Page 3. Columns 3 and 3,
Continued on Page 2, Columns 5 and t.
TOKIO, June 16. — All doubt as to the sinking of the
transports Hitachi, of 6172 tons, and Sado. of 6213 tons,
by the Russians has been removed. Three hundred an>*"
ninety-seven survivors of the Hitachi arrived at Mojl
and 153 survivor3 of the Sado have arrived at Kokura.
The survivors report that the Sado and Hitachi were
sunk by torpedoes..
It Is reported that the transports Hitachi and Sado
carried only 1400 men. If this is trus the loss in lives
probably is less than 1000. The transports, however,
had many horses and large quantities of supplies on
board.
Details obtained from the survivors of the ill-fated
Japanese transports show that the Hitachi and the Sado
met three Russian warships near Iki Island at 10 o'clocK
on Wednesday morning-. The Russians fired upon the
Japanese ships and stopped them and foon afterward
they torpedoed and sank the helpless transports.
SADO'S CAPTAIN AMONG PRISONERS.
The captain of the Sado and several other men - were
captured. More than 100 men escaped In 'the boats and
landed at Kokura.
A message has been received here from Hagi saying
that several survivors of the Hitachi had drifted north
to Shlmonoseki and been iaved.
The transport Lsumi is still missing. The transport
HIno. which has returned to Moji. reports that she en
countered the Russian Vladivostok sauadronat 11:20
a. m. yesterday, twenty miles west of the island of Shiro.
of the Iki group. The Hitachi and the Sado were seen
two miles to the westward. "The weather was foggy and
the sea was calm.
When the Hino sighted the Russian fleet she turned,
ran and signaled. a warning to the Kanazawa and they
both took refuge inside the island Chtyt. Both signaled
danger to the Ib'uri. which also escaped.
The Hino saw the Hitachi and the Sado surrounded
by Russian vessels.
&* REPORTS OF XAVAL, ENGAGEMENT.
SEOUL, June 16.— It was reported here /his morning
that ¦ a naval engagement had taken place off Fusan.
between three Russian cruisers belonging- to the Vladi
vostok squadron and four Japanese ships.
The fears entertained « yesterday for the safety of the
American steamship Ohio, on which Hayashi. the Jap
anese Minister to Korea,\.was a passenger, were dispelled
to-day by the arrival of i the steamship at ?himonoseki.
FUSAN, via Seoul, June 16. — Heavy cannonading
which was heard off. this port yesterday continued till
2 o'clock, . when the j Russian squadron proceeded east-
TOKIO, June 16.— Admiral Kaniimura, with his homogeneous squadron of ar
mored and other cruisers, yesterday went in pursuit of the Vladivostok squadron.
KOBE, Japan, June 1G.— Admiral Kamimurcts vessels . encountered the three
Eussian cruisers of Admiral SkrydlofTs Vladivostok squadron at 11 o'clock this morn
ing near the island of Iki, in Krusenstern Strait. The result of the encounter is not
yet known. u j
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Two Helpless Vessels, Crowded WitH Soldiers, Are
Sent to the Bottom With Torpedoes.
RUSSIAN CRUISERS SINK TRANSPORTS
AND HUNDREDS OF JAPANESE PERISH
The wreck of the Slocran lies about 200 feet off Barrel!o3 Point. Two
floats are made fast to the bow of the boat, and dlvere are, continually
going down into the water. ,
Edward Flannigan. chief officer of the Slocum. when questioned by As-
NEW YORK. June 15.— At the .point where the General Slocum lies snb
merged the water is deep and the currents are swift and beyond a doubt
many bodies have been borne along with the tide, to be given up en a later
day at some distant point. There are a number of places where the livis?
may have landed and it is believed that many that are now reported miss
ing are safe and eventually will be heard frcm by the officials who have
the rescue work In hand. To-night a surprising number cf persons repcrt?d
to these officials that they had been saved, thus cutting the list of missing
down considerably, as well as the probab!e mortality list.
Many persons were injured in the panic that followed the breaking out cf
the flames on the Slocum. At least 100 were taken to the hospitals. Not a
death has occurred in the hospitals.
Perhaps the most remarkable case In the many appalling experiences cf
those who were on the Slocum was that of Miss Clara Hartman. who was
picked up for dead, was towed behind a boat for several miles, was wrap
ped in a tarpaulin, was tagged and then recovered consciousness. It Is now
believed she will recover.
Although a great number of the bodies were mutilated and the clothing
badly burned, valuables have been taken from the dead to the amount of
$£00,000. •¦- -• •
Mayor McCIellan to-day, after receiving messages of condolence from
many sources, visited North Brother Island and later visited the Morgue.
He issued a proclamation to the citizens of New York and appotnted a re
lief committee of prominent men. Relief win be needed in that little East
Side territory which the vast majority of those that perished were accus
tomed to call home.
The Coroner's Investigation to fix the responsibility for tha disaster wtn
begin on Monday next. The Federel authorities, aa well as the District At
torney, will hold an investigation and the Society for the retention of
Cruelty to Children, through its counsel, has signified its Intention to push
tha inquiry to the utmost. Cv,"
3IAYOR McCLELLAN'S PROCLAMATION.
The proclamation issued by Mayor McCleCan was as foEow*:
"To the Citizens of New York: The appalling disaster yesterday, by
which more than 500 men. women and children lost their lives by fire and
drowning, has shocked and horrified our city. Knowing the keen sympathy
of the people of the city of New York with their strlckenfellowa, I have ap
pointed a committee of citizens to receive contributions to a fund to pro
vide for the fit and proper burial of the dead and for such ether relief as
may be necessary.
"The following gentlemen have been asked to serve on the committee:
Morris K. Jessup, Jacob E. H. Schlff, Herman RIdder, Charles A. Dickey.
Robert A. Van Courtlandt. Erskine Hewitt. Joshua Hendrlx. Thomaj
ilulley. George Ehret. John Fox. John Weimacht and H. B. Scherman.
"Until the committee has had an opportunity to organize I shall be glad
to receive contributions at the Mayor's office.
"As a sign of mourning I have ordered the flags of the City Hall to be
put at half mast."
Mayor McCIellan said a suggestion had been made that he name a day
for a publfc memorial service and that he had taken the sn^gestion under
advlsement.
The Mayor declared that Investigation disclosed that the city officials
were absolutely powerless to take any steps to prevent a repetition of the
accident. They have no right to take a single step looking to the Inspection
of any steamboat or to recommend any measures for its safety, as the Fed
eral Government has complete jurisdiction.
TO FIX THE RESPONSIBILITY.
The Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children issued an official
statement that the society win tak? determined action to fix the respon
sibility t>or the deaths of the little ones who perished In the General Slocum
disaster.' Howard Townsend. chairman of one. of the most important com
mittees of the Bar Association.' as weJI as counsel for the society, author
ized -this statement to be made to-day:
"The Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children will co-operat* In
every way to fix the guilt of ths persons responsible for this awfu! tras
edy. All tHe money In our treasury is at the service, if necessary, for
the proper prosecution of the case."*
Collector of the Port Stranahan to-day sent a communication to the su
pervising inspector of steam vessels In this port askintr for a conference
to-morrow for the purpose of making mere effective the. Inspection of ex
cursion steamboats. In regard to the number of passengers carried. Th»
collector has nothing to do with the investigation, but must enforce the
penalties upon the report of the Inspectors.
TOKIO, June IS.— The Russian hope of relieving the pressure on Port
Arthur by threatening- the rear cf General Oku, the commander of the Jap
anese fcrces investing the Russian stronghold, came to an end yesterday at
Telissu. a pcint on the railroad fifty miles north of KInchou and twenty-
Cvt miles north of Vafangow, when the Russians were outmaneuvered
enveloped and sweepingly defeated. They left more than 500 dead en the
field and the Japanese captured 300 prisoners and fourteen quick-firing field
guns. The Russians retreated hastily to the northward. •
The Japanese charge that the Russians -violated the Japanese flag.
Certain officers aver that during the fighting a body of Russian soldiers
appeared, carrying a Japanese flag, and that the Japanese artillery, deceived
by this, ceased firing upon that particular body of Russians. Official dis
patches from the Japanese commanders make specific charges of this flag
violation.
Early estimates cf the Japanese losses at Telissu say that 10CO men were
killed or wounded.
JAPANESE ARTILLERY BEGINS THE BATTLE.
The Japanese attacking force was divided Into right and left columns
ard began the advance on Tuesday, along both sides of the railroad. They
encountered the Russians east of Vafangtien and drove them back. At a
late hcur in the afternoon the Russians held a line between Lungwangtiao
and Tafangshen. The Japanese artillery opened on this line and the Rus
sians responded- The shelling continued far two hours and It was followed
by the advance cf the Japanese line to a position extending from Lungchia
tur ts Yuhotun.
Darkness put an end to the fighting. The Japanese dispatched a col
umn to the westward, toward Fuchou. for the purpose of covering the
Russian right wing and to protect their left and rear.
During the night it became apparent that the Russians were being re
irfcrced and it was decided to make a general attack in the morning and
fcrce the Russians Into a defile back of Tellsiu.
RUSSIAN DEFEAT BECOMES A ROCT.
When morning came It was discovered that the Russians held a line
extending from Tafangshen to Chengtxushan. with a force estimated at
more **i>v two drriaions.
The Japanese planned to enveiop the Russians near Telissu, and they
succeeded admirably. 'While the main Japanese fore* was moving north
along the railroad, columns were swung to the left and to the right, and
finally converged at noon on the main Russian position. The Russians in
this position were at a disadvantage, but they held it with determination
until 3 o'clock in th* afternoon. At this hour they were routed.
Tb* Japanese cavalry continued to pursue the enemy --d probably in
flicted considerable punishment.
The JaDanese commander makes no estimate of the Russian losses, but
says they probably were great.
Amcns the Russian officers captured by the Japanese is the colonel of
ST. PETERSBURG AD3ETTS DEFEAT.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 15.— The War Office announces that General
Stakelberg was forced back before greatly superior numbers and retreated
to Vantrialin. thirty miles north of Vafangow. The officials here deny that
there was anything in the nature of a rout. The enemy had more than four
divisions in action.
A special dispatch from Llaoyang to the Official Messenger says the
battle of Vafangow raged the whole of yesterday, and. the Japanese re
ceiving considerable retnforcernents.crushed the Russians' left flank and
compelled the Russians to retire northward. No estimate of the losses is
given and no mention is made of the loss of the Russian guns.
The popular disappointment felt in St. Petersburg over the result of
Lieutenant Gen«ral Stakelberg s fight, which It had been hoped for the
r-a« thirty-six hours might turn out to be a victory, is tempered som--
T-nat by the knowledge that the Russian force was overwhelmed by num
bers. General ..Stake! berg does not attempt to conceal the seriousness of his
Josses, but his report and the reports from all other Russian sources aeree
that the retreat was in no sens*- a rout. The fierce character of th* fijrht
is rr-ade evident by the fact that the Russians were again forced to "aban
don their runs, thus indicating, as in previous encounters, the suDeriorltv
cf the Japanese artillery.
The Russian official reports of the losses are awaited with the keenest
interest. The War Office de-lines to accept the Japanese fizares unrf
sorrediy. although the officials frankly admit that they believe the Rus
sian cisti3]tS* > 3 were severe. "
ETAKFXBERG , IN GRAVE PERIL
Tbe keenest interest la now manifested in the reported advance of two
Japanese divisions from Siuyen. with the Intention of taking General «?ta
kelberg in the rear. It Is realised that If this report should prove true'the
NEW YORK, June 16. — All day long, from sunrise until
darkness shut off even the melancholy satisfaction of watching
for the dead, anxious searchers kept up their vigilance, and at
midnight there had been recovered 541 bodies, for the greater part
women and. children — mothers who weeks ago had planned the
fatal outing for their children ; little ones who had longed for the
coming of the happy day.
Up to dusk 499 bodies had passed through the morgue, and •
of these more than 300 were identified. The East Side had it3
human sympathies aroused to the fullest extent, and down by the
river, where the boats unloaded their dead, themsands gathered
throughout the day. Streets leading to the morgue were blocked,
and only with difficulty. could the police keep clear the passage*
leading to the. long rows of coffins for those who came to search
Up the sound, where the hulk of the General Slocum iie3
submerged, showing only a paddle-box, scores of small craft aid
ed the tugs in grappling for the victims. -Divers went down
time and again, and when their work ended for the day they
declared there were no more bodies in the wreck. A score of
times a diver reappeared after his plunge "with the body of a
woman or a child. Two of them came to the surface together on
one occasion, having in their ai ms two little girls, sisters, clasped
in each other's embrace, and their mother, whose hand tightly
clenched the skirt of one of them.
ST. PETERSBURG. June 16. — Emperor Nicholas has re
ceived the following telegram, dated June 16, from General Kuro
patkin :
"I have received the following dispatch from Lieutenant
General Baron Stakelberg. dated June 16. 1 120 a. ra. :
"*Yesterday I had intended to attack the enemy's right
flank: but just as our troops had been assigned for the purpose
and were beginning to successfully envelop the enemy's right flank
the Japanese in their turn attacked my right flank with superior
forces and I was compelled to 1 etreat by three roads to the north.
" 'Our losses are heavy, but they are not yet completely
known. ,
'* 'During the engagement the Third and Fourth batteries ot
the First Artillery Brigade were literally cut to pieces, by the Jap
" 'Of sixteen guns thirteen were rendered completely useless
and were abandoned.
" 'The conduct of the troops was excellent, a large proportion
of them refusing to retire until after they had been repeatedly or
dered to do so.' "
TOKIO. June 16. — In the battle of Telissu the Russians lost
500 men killed. 300 taken prisoner and 14 guns. The casualties on
the Tamr.ese side are estimated at 1000 men killed or wounded.
Special Dispatch to The GaXL
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Losses of the Victorious Japanese
Army Will Aggregate One
Thousand Men.
Report That There Are No More*
Bodies in the Submerged
Steamboat.
DIVERS REMOVE DEAD
FROM SLOCUM'S HOLD
GENERAL STAKELBERG'S
FORCE ABANDONS GUNS
LONDON, June 17.— A dispatch received here from the headquarters of General Kuroki, whose location is not given, states that, following the defeat of General Stakelberg's
brigade at Telissu, the entire Russian main army, commanded by General Kuropatkin in person, began an advance to relieve Stakelberg and attack Kuroki. Japanese estimate the Rus
sian losses at Telissu at nearly 2)Q0 men, including >00 slain and 300 captured. Kuropatkin's force numbers 160,000 men.
TOKIO REPORT OF LOSSES.
Russians C300
Japanese 1000
Total 5500
RUSSIANS ROUTED AT TELISSU LEAVE FIVE HUNDRED DEAD ON FIELD
NEW YORK, June 16.— With unceasing effort, search is going on for the bodies of those who perished yesterday in the steamboat General Slocum disaster. Police and
Health Department officials have placed the estimate of the number- of victims at a figure as high as 1000 and more, but to-nightit would seem that the maximum fatality will not largely
avooH TflfY \\r\ tr\ mirinirrrif CJ.t KrvHiPC h^H HpPFI YPCfWIPTP(\
CAcCCU /UU. Up IU IIlIUIllgilL ?^l UUUICo llau uccii iLtuvtitu.
VICTIMS OF THE SL.OCTM.
Dead 541
Mlashur 315
Injured 230
Total 1 10«
VICTIMS OF STEAMBOAT SLOCUM HORROR WILL EXCEED SEVEN HUNDRED
TZS WZ&TEI3L
Forecast mad* at San Tru
cisco for thirty hoars e&ding
siid^lgrSt Jut 17:
East rrasdsco and vfcialty —
fair rridzT; lij-fct west wisA.
X«cal rcrecister,
Tcsxperaxtty ta Ck*r?e.
¦
The San Francisco Call.
Alcaxar — "Charley's Anat."
California. — "Secret Service."
Central — -Tie Octoroon.'*
Colombia — Tfc« Frond Prtac*."*
CSute»— Tauderill*.
Fischer's — "T7. 8."
Grand — "Bm Barry.**
Orp&ras — Tandemi*.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JUNE 17, 1904.The criminal proceedings Incidental
to the divorce , suit Instituted by Mrs.
Ada R. Duncan against her husband,
Benjamin . B.' Duncan, are becoming
more and more, involved. Her hus
band drew $3400 on deposit in the
San Francisco Savings Union last Fri
day, after Judge Seawell had Issued a
restraining order. Duncan disap
peared and a warrant was issued for
his arrest on the charge of felony em
bezzlement.
Then William C. Duncan, brother of
Benjamin, was accused of ejecting his
sister-in-law from her flat last Friday
night and he. was arrested on a war
rant charging him jtflth battery. The
case Is -pending In "Police Judge Fritz's
court. - .
Yesterday Mrs. Duncan secured war
rants from Judge Fritz for the arrest
of^Willlam C. Duncan an.d his wife.
Eva W. Duncan, on a charge of
forcible entry to her flat on June 10
and against Fred E. Wallace and
"John Doe" for forcible detainer.
A married man can live on less than
a bachelor— If his wife takes In wash
ing.
Here In Paris Russian refugees are
numerous. Most of them have friends
among the political prisoners in Siberia
and are in constant secret correspond
ence with them. Hardly less numerous
are the Russian police spies, whose
duty it is to watch the exiles. At their
head i3 a functionary of great experi
ence, with agents in every capital and
class of society on the continent.
To this functionary news has been
conveyed from reliable sources that
the Japanese are trying their utmost to
provoke a rising among the thousands
of political prisoners who form the ma
jority in the Siberian penal colonies.
PARIS, June 16.— I was informed to
day by a personage in very close touch
with the best sources of Russian news
that the next move which Japan was
expected to make would be relative to
Siberia.
Special Pisratch to The Call.
The eagles and the pesos are all
in shape and the last of this month
will see about twenty adjusters, four
teen melters and sixteen coiners dis
missed from Government employ.
The cutting, rolling and annealing
rooms have closed, and to-morrow
all the departments will stop work.
.'About : fifteen of the extra force
will be retained, and every place in
the.big Btone building where an in
terrogation point can stick Is vocal
with the query, "Who?" The anxious
ones are parting the lucky fifteen
from the luckless fifty and wondering
whether thseir civil service certificates
are not blanks after all. Those bits
of paper will surely be blanks If the
holders fail to get employment with
in a year, for in such case new exami
nations are In order. So the branch
Mint employes' question is hanging in
the air.
Uneasy lies the head that wears out
gray matter working in the United
States branch Mint. This is the lam
entation of about fifty civil service
people who have been helping the
Secretary of the Treasury knpek Into
shape golden double-eagles and Fili
pino sliver pesos for a portion of the
last year. » • .
Extra Civil Service Coiners Are to Be
Laid Off at End of This
Month.
ADDING CRIMINAL CHARGES
IN ..' DTJNCAX ¦ DIVORCE. SUIT/'
LONG VACATION AWAITS
MANY MINT EMPLOYES
Russian Refugees in Paris
Are Aiding the Mikado's
Agents.
Inciting Political Prisoners
Into Rising Against
the Czar.
JAPAN PLANS
AN OUTBREAK
OF SIBERIANS
/-There was a lulluritil 7 o'clock, when
the Russians commenced to retire
northward. The firing recommenced
and the Russians' withdrew without se
rious '.interference, the rear guard
sleeping at Vafandien. The night
passed quietly.^ -' "
On the morning of June 14 the Japan
ese began to attack In three columns,
the right creeping up the valley of the
Tasa, the middle following the clearer
line of the railway and the left con
verging toward Vafangow. In view of
the , superiority of the Japanese the
Russians withdrew and took up a fresh
position four miles south of Vafangow.
. At 2 o'clock p. m. the Japanese ar
tillery opened heavy flre on the Rus
sian center and left flank. The Japanese
attacked' In magnificent style. The In
fantry assaults on the Russian left
flank, were repeated and terrific, but
the. Japanese did not succeed in getting
a'; footing. -
Darkness fell xvhen the last attempt
was made and the Russians withdrew.
The Russians soon discovered that
the enemy • had great though not over
whelming strength.' The Japanese
forces comprised tw.o divisions of in
fantry, field and mountain artillery and
twelve .squadrons! of .cavalry.. They
pressed the. attack steadily without
gaining ground~and ceased firing at, 5
o'clock. - . • :
LIAOYAN.P, June 16.— The Japanese
advAnce against General- Stakelberg's
position began early on the morning of
June 13, the enemy moving up from
Pulantien to Vafandien, where at mid
day, they came into contact with the
Russian advance. Firing commenced
on the .enemy's front, which extended
eight; miles," stretching from' the moun:
tains south of Vafangow to the valley
of .'the'Tasa.:;...; .:_. _. '.; ; ;..-.. i. ; _...
Brown Men Capture the Posi
tions Just as DarkT
ness Falls.
Infantry -Assaults tUpon 'the
EuSjsiah- Left Flank "Axe g |
;.:/:..: i ; TSrmc.' :^ ! :- ; ./^ :
MAGNIFICENT
CHARGES MADE
BY JAPANESE
The Supervisors' Electricity Com-,
mittee yesterday awarded - contracts'
for supplies comprising some 2800
articles for the Department of Elec
trlcty to the lowest bidder in each
case. • .
Awards Contracts for Supplies.
FIRE IS RAGING ON «
. / THE STEAMSHIP OMIO
Efforts to j Control \ the J Flames Meet
:' With Little. Success:"
SEATTLE,; June ; I6.f-Fire broke out
on the steamship Ohio at an early this
morning and Is still raging.
SEATTLE. Wash., June 16.— A Daw
son special says: i
"The Northern Commercial and the
North American - Transportation and
Trading companies to-flay announced
that they will quit the credit business
In the Klondike a month hence. This
is the most sweeping financial change
of policy in the Klondike ever known.
"The entire camp will have to buy
goods for cash or do without. -Seventy
per cent of the miners in the camp have
been carried heretofore by the "big
companies eight months of the year.
The new policy will force producers to
keep money enough here to buy sup
plies for all winter, and may seriously
affect thousands of laymen whose only
capital is muscle, with no means of
paying for grub till the clean-up.
"Another steamer left for Tanana
yesterday with 100 passengers and 200
tons of cargo. She was loaded to the
guards. There is no end to the move
ment to that camp. At the present
time $500,000 In Tanana dust is en route
to Seattle, part by way of Dawson and
part by St. Michael."
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
The . local representatives of .the
various overland routes yesterday re
ceived notice from R. H. . Countiss,
agent of the Transcontinental Freight
Bureau,, announcing an' increase in the
minimum carload weights of east
bound commodities" of from 6000 to
10,000 pounds, or an average of about
33 1-3 per cent. The increase will go
into effects July 1 and will affect fifty
odd commodities, the more important
of, which in California are ' pickled
cherries; dried, smoked or salted fish;
nuts and copper matte. The Increase in
¦weights of carload -lots, is a move In
the direction of the great de
mand for- cars at this particular time
of the year and to avoid a car famine.
The original proposition was to raise
the. weights on dried fruit and canned
goods,, but. the .unanimous protest
made 'by. the shippers of those ¦ com
modities-prompted* the bureau to re
scind the order and raise the weight
on nearly every other commodity in
the eastbound tariff. . By this increase
the railroad companies effect a saving
of one-third of their cars to meet the
rush during the busy season.
Transcontinental Bureau Takes Steps
to Anticipate Possibility of a Con
gestion of Freight This Year.
WEIGHTS ON CARLOADS
ARE TO BE INCREASED
Commercial Concerns
Make Sensational
Change
"NO CREDIT,"
THE ORDER
IN ALASKA
BUTTE, Mont., June .' 16.— At 10:45
p. m. the North Coast Limited, the fin
est train on the Northern Pacific, east
bound, was held' up one mile east of
Bear Mouth, the scene of last year's
holdup of the same train, when En
gineer O'Neill was ' killed. Three • ex
plosions of dynamite • on the express
car completely demolished the car' as
far asV e P 0I "t s are now obtainable. The
engineer was killed In the fight with
the robbers. The rear brakeman was
sent back to Bear Mouth conveying
word of the hold-up. A special has
been sent out from Mlssoula and will
reach Bear Mouth in ' about twenty
minutes. The North Coast Limited Is
still there. Wardens McGlue and Con
ley of the penitentiary Bent a man and
their best • bloodhounds on a light en
gine and boxcar to the scene. The
plunder of the robbers at this hour is
believed to be large. The bandits, two
in number, have escaped Into the large
timber of the mountains.
Bandits Hold Up the North
Coast Limited in Montana
and Wreck Express Car
KILL ENGINEER
AND ROB TRAIN
ST. PETERSBURG, June 16.—Gener
al Bobrikoff. Governor General of Fin
land, was shot and mortally wounded
j, 1 . 11 o'clock this morning at the en
trance to the Finnish Senate at Hel
tingfors.. The assassin, a man named
Schaumann, a son of Senator Schau
zr.ann, and a lawyer by profession, im
mediately committed suicide. Bobri
koff was shut in the stomach and neck.
He was brought to St. Petersburg in
a. dying condition. The attack is as
cribed to Finnish patriotism. Schau
xiianr. is believed to be a member of
v. hat is known as the Finnish Patriotic
jjurty.
ST. PETERSBURG. June 16.— A pri
vate message from Helsingfors sayB
Governor isobrikuff was taken to a
huepitul at Helstnefors.
General Count Bobrikoff. who was
appointed Governor General of ' Fin
land In 1S9:«. made himself very unpop
ular Ly his severe measures against
the press i>f Finland and the stern
n;aniur in which he followed out the
policy of Russia towards the Finns.
While little is known here concern
"^ing the motives behind the Ehootine.
i he authorities entertain no doubt that
it grew out of opposition to the policy
ot the Rufsification of Finland. The
question of the convocation of the Diet,
which is regarded as one of the most
vital institutions of Finnish national
life find which has not been convoked
lur over a year, aroused much feelinc
General Bobrikoff was at first opposed
to the convocation of the Diet but re
cently the Governor General decided to
recommend that the Diet should be
allowed to meet.
The following statement has been
made:
"In view of the attempt on the life
of Governor General Bobrikoff the de
cision of the Emperor will probably
be agrainst the convocation of the Diet.
t-o that the people of Finland as well
M th*> Governor General shall be corn
lulled to suffer instead of benefit by
crime.
"General Bobrikoff as administra
tor was naturally unpopular with that
vortion of the population which op
fiosed the policy of Russification. He
vas personally hauhgty and austere
and ruled firmly, but Justly.
"Of late a better disposition has
been manifested toward General Bob
rikoff and the Russian administration,
owing to a better understanding and
to the knowledge that the Governor
General favored a meeting of the Diet.
"Last December an attempt was
made upon the life of the Chief of
Police at Helsingsfors and therefore
this is the second act of violence
within six months."
Schaumann was a university grad*
uate and a member of the Nationalist
party.
LOS ANGELES, June 16.— The fate
that befell Governor General Bobrikoff.
the Russian governor of Finland, who
vas fchot yesterday, was predicted for
him more than a week ago by his
r.ephew, G. A. Bobrik. general man
ager of the Pacific Liquid Air and Oxy
gen Company, of this city. In an ad
dress delivered before the University
Club of LdTs Angeles last week. Bob
rik stated that he would not be sur
prised to hear of the assassination of
his uncle at any time and that such
tipws would not grieve him.
Bobrik paid to-day: "General Bob
rlkoff was a tyrant. He ruled the Finns
with an iron hand. His will was ab-
Fo'iUle in most matters, for the general
povcrnment does not Interfere in the
details of administration."
BANDITS AIDING RUSSIANS.
Three Hundred Chunchus in Force
Defeated by Japanese.
TOKIO, Jure 16. 7:30 p. m. — A de
tachment of the arrny under General
Kuroki captured the town of Siuyen
on Sunday, after routing and defeating
a force of 300 Russians and 300
mounted Chinese bandits. The ene
rny retired toward the Tao River,
leaving behind them three dead and
'^o wounded men belonging to the
Fifteenth. East Siberian Regiment- The
total of their losses Is not known. The
Jap&nese suptained no casualties.
This is the first actual report of
Chineptf bandits fighting with Russian
troops, and it may mean that the Rus
sians have enlisted large numbers of
tbese irregulars. --V^'
China Makes No Protest.
FT. PETERSBURG. June 16. — Chi
na has not made a protest against the
erection of a wireless telegraph pole
on the property of the Russian Con
fuI at Chefu. The position taken by
Russia is as heretofore outlined. Rus
sia has decided not to adhere to the
Danish-Netherlands arbitration treaty
until after the war ends.
right on the valley of the Tassa, which
flows parallel with the railroad, falling
into the sea ten miles south of Pitzewo.
After a day's rest the enemy ad
vanced fifteen miles on June 14 and'
attacked the Russian . position, four
miles south of Vafangow. The Rus
sians had the better of the first day's
flght, annihilating. a Japanese cavalry
squadron and taking some prisoners,
although at nightfall both armies re
tained their positions. .' "
Yesterday's battle was over a rough
country, where artillery was_ very ef
fect ive. The Russian* lines "extended
between the villages of Lanchou, near
the railroad, and Fafangopen. The
Japanese were between Tafanchou and
Hunchou. Stakelberg's reserves were
held at Slsan,- a short distance from
Vafangow station. The Japanese re
serves were south of Tafanchou. - :.-'
General Nozu's artillery began the day
by shelling the Russian right, while his
sharpshooters were busy with the
other wingj Stakelberg was not cer
tain whenre the main attack
would be delivered and sent out cav
alry to the heights of Lanchou to re
connoiter. Having ascertained that the
enemy was not moving in that quarter
he attacked the Japanese center and
left, in order to drive the enemy
against the - railroad. The Japanese
countered by moving up reserves in an
effort to turn the Russian right. ' A ;
half-hour later Stakelberg ordered his
reserves to move from Slsan to repel
the Japanese flanking; tactics, in the
meanwhile continuing his attack on the
enemy's left and center. This was the
situation when Kuropatkin's report
was received.
RUSSIAN FORCES DIVIDED.
Second Division of General Kuroki's
Army Delivers Rear Attack.
NEWCHWANG, June 16. — Firing
has been heard distinctly in the direc
tTorTof Kaichou since 10 o'clock last
night. Two batteries of artillery rush
ed through town at midnight. The,
second division of General Kurokl's
army was reported to be marching to
ward Kaichou yesterday afternoon for
the purpose of attacking the enemy in
the rear. .- :> •
It is positively known that the'jRfuR?
sian forces in the vicinity of Kaidnoii
are divided. Half are at Kaichou an*
the remainder at about twenty miles
east of there. The entire force num
bers 35,000 men, including 600 Cos
sacks.
There are rumors here of fighting
at Port Arthur, with the Japanese al
most in the city.
MANY SMALL SKIRMISHES.
CHEFU, June 16.— Eight junks ar
rived here to-day from Port Arthur,
all of them loaded with Chinese. They
left that town yesterday. Up to that
time conditions . were unchanged.
Small skirmishes are reported con
tinually ashore and the Japanese
ships throw a few shells daily into the
city, around which the Russians have
Just complete* an immense trench.
Assassin Commits Suicide
Immediately After At
tack on Oiiicial.
On June 13 two Japanese divisions
were five miles north of the scene of
the skirmish, their left wing resting
on the village of Vafangow and their
JAPANESE BEGIN* ATTACK.
The losses on the Russian side, more
than 300 on Tuesday, show that the
fighting has been of a desperate char
acter, and General Kuropatkin's re
port this morning proves that both
armies are determined to force mat
ters to a decisive issue.
Kuropatkin's dispatch, given out
this morning, brought the report up to
2:30 o'clock yesterday afternoon, but
stopped- at the most critical point of
the battle, when Stakelberg was meet
ing an attempt to turn his right wing
by a similar move around Nozu's left
flank. Stakelberg's reserves had al
ready, been brought up and the Jap
anese had "been heavily reinforced. f
General Goingross, who was wound
ed, commands the First Siberian Di
vision of four regiments and a ma
chine gun battalion. General Samson
off commands the Usurl mounted bri
gade. . ':../;',
The operations leading up to the
battle of Vafangow date back to June
11, when two Japanese divisions, one
commanded by General Nozu, ad
vanced from thfe Pulantlen-Pitzewo
line, probably prompted by the Intel
ligence that the Russians were receiv
ing reinforcements. A sharp skirmish
took place the night of June 12 at
the village of Oudadien, five miles
west of the railroad and seven miles
south of Wafangtien, and another
skirmish occurred on the heights near
the village of Lidlatum, ten miles east
of Oudiaden. The Japanese were re
pulsed, but the Russian advance posts
retired.
FIGHTING IS DESPERATE.
"According to information received,
the enemy during the morning of June
15 brought up considerable reinforce
ments, and as the main Japanese force
consists of upward of three divisions—"
The dispatch broke oft* at this point.
Emperor Nicholas has received the
following dispatch, dated June 15, from
General Kuropatkin:
"An engagement occurred on June
14 at Wafangtien (north of Port Ar
thur) with a Japanese force number
ing at least two divisions. Our losses
in killed include Colonel Khoastonnow,
commanding the First Repiment of
Eastern Siberian Rifles, and Second
Lieutenant Dragoslaff Nadochlnsky,
adjutant of the regiment. The wound
ed include Major General Goingross,
who remained on the field, and Cap
tain Krintsky of the general staff.
"Twenty officers, whose names are at
present unknown, were killed or
wounded, besides 311 soldiers, of which
the First Regiment of Siberian Rifles
lost twelve officers and 200 men and the
First Brigade of Artillery six officers
and fifty men.
"The following night was quiet until
2 o'clock in the morning, when a fusil
lade began on our right flank along the
line of our Outposts. The firing soon
slackened. At 5:30 o'clock. In the morn
ing ' the Japanese artillery opened on
our left flank. Shortly before this our
cavalry discovered on our right flank
the presence, southward of Tafanchou,
of a considerable force of the enemy.
The Japanese infantry opened fire .on
our cavalry, occupying the heights.be
tween Tafanchou and Linchou, on the
edge of a wood.
CAXXOXADE BECOMES HEAVIER.
"Toward 6:20 o'clcick the enemy, con
sisting of a regiment of infantry, with
artillery, attacked from these woods.
At the same time the cannonade on our
ltft flank became heavier.
"At 6:30 o'clock General Baron Stak
elberg passed with part of his force to
the attack, turning the right flank of
the enemy toward Wafangtien and
Hunchou, and directing the other part
of his force against the enemy's front.
Toward^lO o'clock in the morning the
enemy' sent a brigade of infantry, cav
alry and a battery of artillery against
our right flank, and having repulsed
our detachments of cavalry proceeded
through Hunchou, turning the right
flank of our position.
"General Stakelberg at 10:30 o'clock
in the evening advanced his reserves to
check this movement.
REPORT OF KUKOPATKIX.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 16 (6:36
| p. m.).— Special dispatches dated June
15 from Vafanpow say the Japanese
iurinjr the first day's fighting had a
battery of six-inch guns. These re
port^ unite in saying that the Russians
several times repulsed the enemy,
speak especially of the fine work of
the Russian artillery and report that
the Japanese losses, which include
quite a number of prisoners captured,
were much heavier than those of the
Russians.- They estimate that the ene
my's battery fired 2500 rounds in the
first day's fighting. .
A semi-official dispatch from Muk
den, dated June 16, says the - engage
ment at Vafangow on June 14 and 15
was undertaken . with the i object of
drawing off a portion of the Japanese
forces from Port Arthur, and resulted
in improving the Russian position.
The Japanese losses were very heavy.
Another correspondent, describing
the fighting, writes:
"The date, June 14, will forever ; be
memorable in our' annals. A'succes
sion of furious attacks by two divisions
of the enemy and batteries of six-inch
guns were repelled by our troops, who
nowhere yielded an inch of ground,
despite heavy losses. The Fourth Bat
tery lost many gunners, but did not
waver. Our suns were served superb
ly, paralyzing the; attack of the Jap
anese infantry and causing their bat
teries to recoil. The soldiers of the Si
berian Rifle regiments behaved mag
nificently. All the troops are full of
enthusiasm."
Governor General of Fin
land Mortally Wounded
by Senators Son.
Terrific Onslaughts by General Nozu's Brown
Warriors Are Repeatedly Repulsed by
the Russians. •
PATRIOT TRIES
TO TAKE LIFE
OF BOBRIKOFF
STUBBORN FIGHTING PRECEDES
THE DEFEAT OF STAKELBERG
JAPANESE MAY CUT OFF THE RETREATING RUSSIANS
' NAGASAKI, June 16. — The report that the port of
Hakata. about* sTxty miles to the north of Nagasaki, has
been • Bombarded by the Russians Is denied.
Yesterday Russian warships appeared at the island
ward. The naval force here is investigating the enemy's
position and movements. Four Japanese merchantmen,
the Ugo Maru, the Xugo Maru and two others, were flred
upon yesterday by the Russians, but escaped unharmed
KOBE. Japan. June 16. — Dispatches from Shimonosekl
state that a three-funnel Russian cruiser appeared off
Tsushima on Tuesday night and engeged the forts of
Moji.
Yesterday morning cannonading was heard to the
northwest, the volume of sound indicating that several
vessels were engaged. The cannonading ceased at 1
p. m. All ships sailing from Moji southward have been
stopped. The Government steamship Fuyo Maru nar
rowly escaped capture, but managed to make the port
of Katsumoto, on the. island, of Iki, under full steam/
NO BOMBARDMENT OF HAKATA.
The damage to the Russian protected cruiser Boga
tyr of the Vladivostok squadron is severe and will re
quire several months to repair, .
ST. PETERSBURG, June 16.— The Vladivostok S(Juad
ron has returned to It Is reported that
Vice Admiral Skrydloff did not accompany the Vladivos
tok squadron, which 'put to sea under Vice Admiral Be
zobrazoff. ¦. */'«»•.':¦•"••' ¦¦'•¦'..¦¦'.••=*.'•.¦.... . ¦ ' ¦¦ "'-'¦! ...•¦.¦.¦
SQUADRON AGAIX-lN PORT.
of Okino, one of the "Liukiu group, south of Japan, where
there is a plentiful supply of water. They fired upon
three merchant steamships, but the latter escaped.
The Japanese transport Ugo, homeward bound, arrived
at Iki yesterday, after having b«en fired upon by the
Russians.- She was not damaged. < «.- '.-
The captain of the transport Ilino, which has arrived
at MoJI, reports that he saw the transport Hitachi, Cap
tain Campbell, being: attacked by a Russian warship with
four funnels. The Russian was on the. starboard side of
the Japanese transport, which changed" her course and
steered for the enemy, with the Intention of ramming
her. : The Russian vessel, however, crossed the trans
port's bows and attacked her on the port side.
RUSSIAN SHIPS SINK TWO JAPANESE TRANSPORTS
Continued From Page 1, Columns 3, 4. and 5.
rHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 17, 1904.
Russian commander may be unable to extricate himself, and 'that if he
should_be cut off* from General Kuropatkln's main army the fate of the de
tachment -would be sealed. ' <¦"";':
Continued From -Page 1, Columns 1 and .2.
Enemy Is Attempting to Get Between It and
the Main Army Under Command
of General Kuropatkin.
BAR.ON STAKELBERG'S BRIGADE
IS IN A CRITICAL POSITION
LIAOYANG, June 16. — Pavloff. for
mer Russian Minister to Korea, who
left Port Arthur in a junk for Chefu
and thence reached Liaoyang. reports
that up to June 8 no land attack had
been made on Port Arthur.
Pavloff Reaches IJaoyanc
Wife Secures Warrants for Arrest of
Relatives and Others for Forcible""'
. . ~,".- .Entry. and;. Detainer. „.„
2
JLDVEBTlSEKEJTTa. ,
Chas. KeHus & Co.
Exclusive
Kigh-Grade Clothiers
No Branch Etortm. tio Arentc.
ODR SUMMER CREATIONS
HAVE JUSTLY EARNED
THE SEAL OP APPROVAL
FROM SMART DRESSERS.
WE ARE NEARLY SOLD UP
OF FANCY SUITINGS.
STILL STRONG IN SERGES.
K e a r n y S t re e t
Thuriow Block
/*j=l^'* °l Ik' These suits are made of all-wool blue
worsted cheviot — a material that is dressy and
l^^^^ttiii^^^ SP%s at the same time very serviceable.
life® : iil They are the kind of garments you see in
clothing stores for S 10. We sell them at $7.50.
Look in our show windows and see the
. But a better way is to bring your son in |
and try a suit on him. Then you will see and
'j$W& appreciate the suits at the price we offer them.
Single or double breasted styles, in ages
p^^^^P" ranging from 12 to 19 years. " " j
¦ Jfe^W illiil- or vour son fr° m t0 *2 years we have
feSliif ue cnev i°t sailor suits on special sale at
J^ilf "piH $2.65. Each suit is neatly trimmed with
I^S^ Wliil rows °f soutache braid ih black, red and white.
111111 e suits have been selling at $3.50, and
ifiSif \ Sill man y a . m °ther was satisfied with the suits at
|§4ff 1 pflilL a^ P r ' ce - ' Y° u will be pleased with a suit at
i||8j( x **««^ Baseball Mitts Free _ '
WbEJB| With every one of these ¦-- /2."^r" ;^t\
USES youths' suits we will give free H fa i "#*^-3&2s|
VG^lS of rnar se a splendid catcher's _f
VeS? - • ; mitt, made by A. J. Reach & Co. ffi ; V^^Tfg&lKgfSBp r
'While the boy is on his vacation have him wear '
a khaki suit. These garments are easily washed and I^S^^^Mr
just the thing to wear when the boy is playing or Wi^^^m^ i
romping over the country. 19 J|liiPii
Our garments are made of the genuine khaki. /P^l^^^ffi™
The coats are' made in Norfolk style with belt and i^S^P^^^a !
box plaits. The sizes range from 4 to 17 years. The M^^^^^^m
Covert suits for little fellows from 4 to 14 years, i|| ; M^fe^
made of good material with removable brass buttons, '^*~ 4 W^M \
$1.00 a suit. ? : W / '^^Ma %
" Mothers' Friend " shirt waists, splendid value Wml
at 50c each. H# ' f ' %pfi '
Girls' overalls, superior quality, 45c. • WWM
Boys' khaki hats to match the suits, 25c. mil
Pampas grass Mexican sombreros in small r |i|l i
shapes, 15c. )
Boys' cowboy hats; can also be.-Avorn by girls
and young ladies, 90c, $1.30, $1.95. ' '"**** ***£E&r j
Boys crash hats, 45c and 50c.
Orders S*M'^W 00 O S) ill ° rc^ rs
740 Market Street. JFollowers of rhetoric make poor food
<or falU -* :
Nothing is conquered until self is
overcome.
ST. PETERSBURG. June 16. — A
private .letter from Urumiyah, North
Persia, dated May 31, says that Seid,
who murdered Rev. Benjamin L. La
barre, son of Dr. Benjamin, superin
tendent of the American mission, had
been brought by the British Consul to
Tabrio for trlaL
Murderer of Labarre Arrested.
FORT LYONS, Colo.. June 16.^ — The
Amity dam, completed last year at a
cost of . $100,000, has been torn out
by the high water in the Arkansas
River. The loss is total. Immense
damage Is feared to crops under the
Amity canal, which cannot secure wa
ter until the dam is rebuilt.
Costly Dam Breaks.
WASHINGTON. June 16.— Great
activity in the movement for protec
tion of game in the United States dur
ing the last calendar year is announc
ed in a report issued by the Depart
ment of Agriculture. The report says
the volume of legislation on the sub
ject exceeded all previous records. Tne
movement for the protection of non
game birds spread to a number of ad
ditional States and an important
agreement was made between Audu
bon societies. .. (•
islation for Birds.
Report of Department of Agriculture
Shows 3Iarke<l Increase in Leg-
MOVEMENT FOR GAME
PROTECTION' IS GROWING
ST. LOUIS, June 16.— Before de
parting for New York Prince Pu Lun
announced himself as a self-appointed
committee of one to secure China's
participation in the Lewis and Clark
exposition to be held in Portland, Or..
in 1905. From New York the Prince
will proceed Ao Paris, where he will
remain until the middle of July,
reaching: China in time to participate
in the festivities of the Emperor's
birthday.
Chinese Xoblc Announces His Inten
tion to Secure Ills Count!*}" *s Par
ticipation In' Affair.
LEWIS A.VD CLARK EXPOSITION*
INTERESTS PRINCE PU LUX
At an informal meeting of Lutheran ministers to-day an appeal to the
ministers of all denominations to assist in the funeral services of the victims
was prepared.
Acting under orders from Police Commissioner MoAdoo, photographers
have been at work photographing the bodies of the dead as a. means of
identification. The bodies are placed in coffins and are stood in an upright
position in grour>3 of four, and flashlight pictures are then take.n. The work
of photographing began at North Brother Island, and was later taken up
at the morgue. — • ~(. -..-_
sistant District Attorney Garvan to-day, denied that it was impossible to
get water where the fire-hose was attached. The supply of water was
plentiful, but the hose, which was new, he said, burst in many places al
most as soon as the water was turned on and became useless.
An illustration of the taxed resources of the undertakers was shown to
day, when a black, uncovered undertaker's wagon was fitted with a Dole
for two horses, but was drawn by one horse hitched alongside the pole.
The undertakers in the neighborhood were overwhelmed with work and
could rot care for all the cases Font to them.
An illustration of the extent to which sympathetic feeling is aroused was
given to-day when a large undertaking corporation formally ofCered to give
proper burial free to the bodies of those persons whose relatives might be
unable to care for them. This offer was followed by one from a crema
tion company, extending the use of its plant free from charge.
LIFE PRESERVERS PROVE WORTHINESS.
Assistant District Attorney Garvan has placed under seal a dozen life
preservers taken from the General Slocum. Of these only three were intact.
The rest had burst compartments, from which the cork was nouring. The
canvas coverings of the cork were so rotten that an assistant of Garvan, who
made the experiment, had no difficulty in ripping them open with his finger
nail. - ¦ ' -
Continued From Page 1, Columns 6 and 7.
DIVERS REMOVE ALL THE DEAD
Further Details on Page 5.
WILL ISSUE PREFERRED
STOCK FOR $40,000,000
NEW YORK. June 16. — The South
ern Pacific Company has issued a for
mal statement in regard to the pro
posed preferred stock. Forty million
dollars Southern Pacific preferred
stock will be offered to the stockhold
ers at par. redeemable at 115 between
July, 1905, and July. 1910. and will
be convertible irrto common stock.'
This will provide for all floating debts
and expenditures authorized or con
templated during the next year and
will leave, according to the official
statement, upward of of
free and negotiable securities in the
treasury- The statenjpfat adds that
this will enhance the credit of the
company and enable It to refund to
advantage its bonding obligations fall
ing due during the next three years.
Broughl into the Alexander-avenue
police station and tagged as one of
the unidentified dead. Clara Hartman
was revived while she was lying in the
improvised morgue. A woman search
ing among the dead for a relative no
ticed the girl was breathing and call
ed an ambulance surgeon. After tho
the night was the attempt at suicide
of a grief-stricken mother at the
morgue. This woman. Mrs. Lena
Reekanski, went there to try to find
her little daughter, Wanda, who was
missing, and found a body which she
identified as that of her child. Wan
dering- from the morgue, she walked
down the string-piece of the pier and
attempted to throw herself into the
river. She had been watched, how
ever, and policemen pe'.zed her in time
to save her life. She was taken to
Bellevue Hospital.
At sunrise to-day two divers came
to the surface. In the arms of one
were two Uttle girls, clasped in each
other's arms. Their hair was the
same color and their dresses were
alike, showing that they were sister?.
The other diver had in his arms the
body of a young woman, which had
been found %vith those of the little
girls. In her hand was still clasped
the dress of one of the children and
•the divers believed that she was the'r
mother and had gone to death with
them.
REVIVES IN" THE MORGUE.
A pathetic figure among the search
ers and watchers was 16- year-old Fre<l
Hartung, the so'e survivor of a fam
ily r.f six who went on the ill-fated
excursion. His mother ami four sis
ters have not been heard from since
the Slocum went down. The boy saved
himself by jumping to a tug.
The scenes at the bureau of informa
tion, which '-vas established in St.
Mark's Lutheran Church to-day, were"
pathetic in the extreme. There was a
constant stream of people, and now
and again, as some one was informed
that the loved ones for whom he or (
she was seeking were among th» !
dead, a cry of grief was heard.
Ono young man was informed that >
his mother ar.d four sisters, for whom
he was looking, had not been found.
He had been to the morgue and to all !
Lying side by side were tn-o women,
who died clasping their infant babies
in their arms.
edly. The scenes about the morgue
and the docks where the relief boats
camo in laden with their ghastly
freight were heartrending. Men and
women who had waited for hours,
swaying between fear and hope, gave
way to bitter crief when at last the
bodi»ft; of their loved ones were foun«i
nmonsr the piles of burned and mangled
dead.
From midnierht until long after sun
rise to-day the work of arranging the
hundreds of unidentified bodies which
were being brought down from North
Brother Island progressed uninterrupt-
The body of Miss Hartman wa3
picked up by one 6f the fleet of res
cuing boats, which was already filled
with a cargo of dead. There being no
space for the body, it was fastened
to a rope,' towed astern of the launch
and finally lifted to a pier on the
Manhattan side of the river. On the
wharf a man wrapped Miss Hartman
in a tarpaulin and helped to place her
in line with the row of the dead. On;
of the several vehicles pressed into
service for the transportation of
bodies to the station houses conveyed
Miss Hartman to the Alexander-ave
nue station, where the unknown
woman made * the discovery that
life still existed. At the hospital to
day it was said that Miss Hartman
was improving.
IDENTIFYING THE DEAD.
surgeon had worked over her for a
half hour she opened her eyes. She
was hurried to the Lincoln Hospital
and there it was found that the jrrl
had been severely burned, but that she
might recover. She could remember
nothing of the awful events of th-j
day.
.OFFICIALS AND OTHERS WHO FIGURE IX THE DAY'S NEWS OF" STEAMBOAT SLOCUM HORROR.—
A pall hung to-day over the public
school on Fifth street, near First
avenue, which is in the center of the
residence district most affected by the
Slocum disaster. Of the 2000 pupils
of the school a large portion were
relatives of the excursionists and near
ly 300 of the regular attendants did
not appear in their classes to-day. Of
this number 110' had obtained per
mission on Tuesday to be absent yes
terday to go on the excursion. Just
how many lost their lives or were in
jured has not yet been learned. Scores
of boys^and girls their eyes red with
weeping, to-day asked to be excused
because a brother or sister or other
relatives had been lost. In every
room there were vacant seats. Study
was almost out of the question. The
school flags hunjr at half mast.
During yesterday 203 persons were
taken to hospitals. After treatment
it was found, in many cases, that the
injuries were not serious enough to
prevent ttieir going home and they
were allowed to depart. Some of those
whojremain in the hospitals, however,
are still in a- critical condition.
the hospitals, and this was his last
hope. He fainted." and It was some
time before he could be resuscitated.
Pastor Haas of St. Mark's Lutheran
Church, on the excursion of whose
Sunday-school the disaster on the
General Slocum occurred, is complete
ly prostrated. He has been uncon
scious most of the time since the dis
aster and under the constant care of a
physician. His condition is critical.
He lost, besides his wife and daugh
ter, his mother-in-law, Mrs. Carl Han
son, and his sister-in-law, Mrs. Wil
liam Tetimore. Mrs. Tetimore's
daughter. Edith, two years of age, also
perished.
"When I first discovered the pres
ence of tire on the steamer I decided
to make for the first dock that I
could find, but in a moment I was
informed that all the ropes by which
we usually tied up had been burned.
Then I decided to make for the first
point of land where there were no
rocks and beach the vessel, and this I
did. The presence of rocks all along
the shore made it impossible for me
to beach the vessel any sooner than
I did."
A particularly sad incident during
Pilot Van Wart, however, to-day
said that he could not dock the ves
sel because all of her hawsers were
burned. His statement follows:
There is o:>en criticism of the fail
ure of the Slocum's officers and crew
to meet the emergency, but as yet no
formal action has been taken by
either the municipal or Federal au
thorities. Captain Van Schaick and
the two pilots are under arrest, but
are held only as witnesses.
That there was terrible failure to
meet the responsibilities is undoubt
ed. N'o effort, as far as can be
learned, was made to launr-h the life
rafts or boats and no concerted at
tempt was made toward equipping the
helpless women and children with life
preservers. But few of tnose rescued
and few of the bodies recovered from
the rK-er had on life preservers, and
most of these supposed instruments
of safety were practically worthless.
There is very general criticism of
the captain and pilots for their failure
to turn the vessel ashore the moment
they were informed the fire had
gained headway. Captain Van fichaick
has made several statements, .varying
in details, but none of them is con
sidered satisfactory.
PILOT GIVES EXPLANATION*.
The body of the steward, when
found, had been rifled of several hun
dred dollars.
the story of Miss Martha Weirk, who
says that while she struggled in the
water a boat containing several men
drew alongside of her and after strip
ping her of her rings and other jewel
ry pushed her back into the water.
DEAD STEWARD ROBBED.
There were rescues in the face of al
most certain death and useless, but
exalted self-sacrifice. The credit for
the greatest saving of life is due to
the hardy tugfcoat men and other fol
lowers cf the river, who braved the
flames and held the noses of their craft
against the fire-warped steamboat un
tii driver, off by the awful heat, scorch
ed and choking. Bodies of women with
their burned arms clasping close the
pitiful forms cf little children and
babies v.ere found.
JJRITAL AND COWARDLY ACTS.
But there is a darker side hinted at
along the river front, where are told
stories that stem to be the inevitable
accompaniment of all great calami
ties. There has been no evidence of a
character si>ecific enough to fasten it
upon individuals and permit of pun
ishment, but survivors and eyewitness
es say that some brutal acts of seifish-
Deoa and cowardice on the part of the
Slocum's crew were seen and that dis
tress siffnals from the burning boat
were disregarded by passing: craft. One
man avers that a big Tihlte yacht
passed the Slocum v.htn the bodies of
wonv=-n and children were going over
board and did not even slacken ppe«?d.
According to this man. the yacht flew
the pennant A>t the New York Yytht
Club, but rot the owner's pennant,
¦which always signifies that he is
;-l>oard, and after passing the Slocum
!?he steered over to the western shore
and hove-to. while on her bridge a
man in uniform, with binoculars to his
eyes, watched the vessel burn.
Even more horrible than this and
similar acts cf incredible callousness is
The race of the burning steamboat
iroin the moment the fire was dis
covered until her bows crashed on the
shelving beach of North Brother Isl
and lasted little more than ten min
utes, yet that lime sufficed for deeds
of heroism which make the one bright
chapter in the heart rending story.
Brave men. devoted mothers and even
maidens and youth? of tender years
each contributed their part to the roll
of heroic acts.
6t- Mark's parish, whence came
nearly every victim, lies within ten
crowded blocks of the middle East
•Side and there was to-day hardly a
house that was not one of mourning.
The membership of the little Lutheran
church is German or of German de
scent and of the comiwiratively well
to do class.
Unlike the IroQUois Theater and
other great catastrophes of recent
years, where the woe of the disaster
reached throughout the land, the blow
of theSlocums mortality falls practic
ally upon one little neighborhood of a
treat city.
How many preferred drowning to
the agony of death by Sre and went
over the rail never to rise again dur
ing the mad race of the vessel for the
beach may never be known, for 'the
treacherous waters of Hell Gate do
not willingly give up their victims.
MOURNING JLS MANY HOMIiS.
All during the night and through
the early dawn of to-day the sad
work of exploring the Slocum's hull
went on and from dock to morgue the
procession of ambulances, each with
Its pitiful load, wound its way from
the river front to the morgue at the
foot of Twenty-sixth street, until, at
noon. 504 bodies lay on the slabs.
Most of these came from the wreck,
but the night long patrol of the waters
of East River added its ghastly quota.
There sre many bodies Ftill In the
hold of th<? burned vessel, according
to the divers and wreckers.
NEW YORK. June 16. — When the
dread tale of the General Slocum is
fully told — when the last blackened
body has been taken from the burned
hulk and the swift waters of Hell Gate
give up their dead — the catastrophe
will take its place ats the most appall
ing that has ever occurred in- the in
land waters of America.
After giving statistics of the vessel
and crew and the Slocum's life-saving
equipment. Inspector Rodie says:
"The report in the hull inspector's
book shows that the vessel had a gen
eral overhauling since the last inspec
tion (previous to 1904) and waa in good
condition and seaworthy for her route.
Every effort was made by this office
as soon as possible to investigate the
cause of this unfortunate and dread
ful accident."
NEW YORK, June 16.— Georee B.
Cortelyou. Secretary of Commerce and
Labor, In whose department Is Included
the United States steamboat inspection
service, arirved here from Washington
to-night to give personal direction to
the Investigation of the Slocum disas
ter. He was in conference up to a
late hour with Robert S. Rodie. super
vising inspector, at the Manhattan Ho
tel. No one else was present at this
meeting, because the Secretary said
that first of all and first hand he
wished to have Rodie's complete report
of the situation. Cortelyou says there
will be a thorough investigation of all
circumstances attending the loss of
the steamboat. *
WASHINGTON". June 16.— A rigid
investigation or the General Slocum
disaster has been ordered by Secretary
Cortelyou of the Department of Com
merce and Labor. \
The investigation will be conducted
by the Steamboat Inspection Service,
under the direction of George Uhler.
supervising inspector general, and by
General James A. Dumont and Thomas
H. Barrett, constituting the local board
of steamboat inspectors in New York.
Supervising Inspector General Uhler
to-day received from Robert S. Rodie,
inspector of the Second District at New
York, a preliminary report of the acci
dent. Inspector Rodie. as soon as he
learned of the fire, went to the scene
on the wrecking boat Chapman.
In his report he says: .'/•'-.
"While viewing the wreck I noticed
some clothes near the forward side
of the paddle box and called Captain
Turner's attention to it. It proved to
be the body of a woman and on close
inspection it was found that three
other bodies were inside the paddle
box, all of which proved to be wo
men.
"At the time we first went alongside
the wreck there was no one in the
vicinity except a small boat with
a man in it some distance off. A
short time afterward we noticed that
a police boat was approaching the
wreck. We turned over to the police
the work of taking the bodies out.
which they did. We provided them
with axes and they cut away part of
the open woodwork in order to remove
the bodies."
Special Dispatch to The Cail.
Robbers Busy
Aboard the
Slocum. ,
Federal Gov
ernment Is
Prompt.
Tales of Bru
tality and
Crime.
Cortelyou Will
Conduct an
Inquiry.
PASSING CRAFT REFUSE AID TO BURNING STEAMBOAT
• — ' - -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 17. 1904.
3
__J y APVSBTISEMEgTS. _______^~
fe^^^o^^^te|p^&/ In describing suits all stores are on the sama basis, for words are cemmon
---•--"#55^;-^^^^fil^ property. v;.^ ; "-.,
W^^%^^^^m^ * n sta^ n 2 facts each store has something to talk about peculiar to ltselr.
§^^^^^^^^^p; er m rests our forte. Certain facts concerning our business make our
Apw"'' ' : C/^^pi We sell more clothing than any other store west of Chicago.
vi&^^Wi We carry in stock more clothes than any three local stores combined.
'^')'.\ 'iT^2 ::X>^^. We have three times more salesmen in our men's clothing department
r^FW^^ijK^/'S^-; an are similarly employed in any other store.
Now these are facts which you can verify. \
v ~ gfc^^ LLSMl^^^S'^ ¦ Could we have grown to this extent if we did not give entire satisfaction
Would we carry such a large stock if our ever-increasing trade did not
demand it? ,
: S^^W^^^P$S: v Would we employ so many salesmen as compared with other stores if we
S^'filif* iplIS^r did not require them?
-•Sm pSfi'^ We are doing the clothing business of San Francisco, and there is good
t&ls&g lifl|§!!! '¦ reason for it. Our customers get their money's worth.
• -^flilif v Summer sack suits, medium and light weight, bright summery patterns; coats made
££ffilii I with concave, shoulders, elongated lapels, close fitting neck and narrow collar; hand tailored
¦¦*1Sip^r, • l||lpi£ garments; the same quality sells in other stores for $12.50; our price is $8 50.
:!$||?tj|' • lli||i§t Light covert top coats in swell shades of tan, cut with the latest style shoulders, lapel
¦¦ '^W^M ||p£'?-i an< J collar ; S12.50 is the real value, based upon what you would pay elsewhere; our price
V'&^lf* llPli^ Each garment bears our guarantee. Repairing free of charge. Money back to any
ijSJjpjr)?? WJ$H%i customer who wants it.
£W lf| orders- wnte W I 0 westand length
\^& f --ycrwB-nar n j / f us to-oay. *** / t*« J V-r measures.
.,': -.-. 740 Market Stteet
ATlVV'RTTS'E'ftrF.'flTff.
\ j This Gap Label M
wk Is a guarantee cf the purity Mm
pl and richness of our
11 Evaporated M
11 (Dream -|p
$5,000 rev/srd i||
C\,-il to £T.ycne ab'.s to prove Jga
£&£? of our product
Wherever you see
Schilling's Best
Us baking-powder tpieai
cajfea ftavarinx extract! mxU
F there is fair dealing too.Celebration at Old Mission.
The annual celebration of San An
tonio day at the half- restored San
Antonio Mission in Monterey will be
held on Sunday, June 19, with the
quaint service of the old Spanish
days. Some of . the officers of , the
Landmarks League go down to' be
present at the feast, whose pictur-.
esque features cannot be observed
elsewhere in America. The religious
services will be held this year within
the chapel, , the walls of which the
league has succeeded in restoring. ¦;
The festive side of the celebration
will take'olace on. the banks of the
San Antonio, behind the mission gar
den.
' KANSAS CITY. June le.-^William
Cowherd was renomlnated for Con
gress here to-day by the Democratic
convention of the Fifth Missouri Dis
trict.
Cowherd Is Ttenominatcd.
OGDEN, Utah, June 16 (on board
California delegation's special train).—
The terrors . of Nevada's wind-swept
desert have been overcome and drafts
of wine and sparkling waters have
washed down the last fleck of alkali
that parched the palates of these most
grateful passengers.
To-day was given over to the en
tertainment of the Nevada delegation,
which after the eastern border of the
State was left behind numbered five,
Dr. S. L. Lee of Carson, E. S. Farring
ton of Elko, B. Reymers of Dayton, R.
S. Meacham of Virginia City and Col
onel H. B. Maxson of Reno (alternate).
These delegates will be joined at Chi
cago by H. "Bun-ell, who is in the East,
and Frank McNamee, who leaves Salt
Lake to-day for the convention city.
Nevada's delegates were cordially
greeted by the Californians,. the Ha
waiians and J. M. Switzer, the one del
egate from the Philippines, who took
passage on this train.
After the health of the men from the
sagebrush State had been largely
toasted, they were given a corner In
the smoker that they might confer un
disturbed. After some discussion, Dr.
S. L. Lee of Carson City was selected
chairman, E. S. Farrington was named
to. represent the State on the commit
tee to formally notify President Roose
velt of his nomination for the office he
now nils, and Alternate Maxson was
delegated to perform the same function
in reference to the nominee for Vice
President.
R. S. Meacham was appointed to act
for Nevada as honorary vice chairman
of the convention. " Pj L. .Flanigan,
present national committeeman from
Nevada, will be recommended to
the convention for reappointment. Dr.
S. L. Lee, who was named chairman of
his delegation, won this honor by his
fealty to his party through two cam
paigns in his State that were fraught
with discouragement.
Regarding the political conditions
prevailing In Nevada, Chairman Lee
said:
"The next campaign will find Nevada
engaged in one of the hardest fights in
her history. . .
"Since 1896 the State has been fanat
ically behind the silver movement, but
this year we are going to take the full
est advantage of what seems to be a
possible/ even probable, opportunity to
send Republicans to 'Washington. Min
eral as well as political conditions are
winning the State back to Republican-
Ism, and It Is my opinion that the next
fight Is the last that the supporters of
silver will make.
"Nevada Is rapidly becoming: a gold
Btate. The great mineral sections ot
Nye and Esmeralda counties, . contain
ing Gold Field, Tonopah and other min
ing camps, are richer In the yellow
metal than in the white. •
"Nevada's interests are /with sound
money when she learns it, and she will
soon learn now that Bryanism has per
ished."
Nevada's delegates also discussed a
Californlans Give Warm Welcome to
the Sagebrush Delegation.
RKCE1TIOX TO XEVADAXS.
A man may be as honest as the day is
long and still have a bad record at
night.
EVAXSTOX, Wyo., June 16.— All
probability of a contest for national
committeeman from California was dis
pelled this evening, when Ruef left his
drawing-room and went into conference
with George A. Knight. Ruef made
known to Knight his aspirations, and
Knight made known to Ruef his obliga
tions, the result being that Kuef an
nounced that in view of his friendship
for Knight he would make no. contest
for the honorable office next Monday
when the California delegation assem
bles at the Auditorium, Chicago.
Ruef will make an address request
ing that the delegation place the name
of Knight before the national conven
tion for confirmation as national com
mitteeman from California.
By F. \V.
BISHOP.
Staff Correspondent of The* Call
The impression that Victor H. Met
calf cannot decline the great honor and
privilege of serving in the Cabinet of
President Roosevelt is general in the
Third CongressionalDistrict. The pro
motion of Mr. Metcalr will not deprive
the district of representation in Con
gress. Several Veil known Republican
State Senators— for Instance, Joseph R.
Knowland, Charles M. Belshaw, P. W.
Leavitt and G. R. Lukens— are willing
to serve the people as Representative
in Congress. The State Senators are
not all. who are ready to undertake the
responsibility of a term in Congress.
There is Thomas RIckard of Berkeley,
one of the progressive and active Re
publicans of the Third District. He
stands high in the favor of the State
administration and is close up to the
workers who advanced the political
fortunes of Charles H. Spear, president
of the Board of State Harbor Com
missioners. While Alameda County is
presenting a bunch of exemplary as
pirants for the Metcalf ¦ succession.
Contra Costa and Solano counties must
be considered in the reckoning. Sena
tor Belshaw has nerve and ambition
as well as the means to put up a
hustling good fight for nomination and
election. His ability as a slate smash
er has been demonstrated on more than
one occasion. It is common gossip in
political circles that Senator Perkins
recently advised against an extension
of Belshaw's career in the Legislature
and this incident may stimulate .the
supporters of Belshaw to universal ac
tivity in the contest for Congressional
recognition. Complaint comes from
Solano County that Mr. Metcalf has
been advising the Republicans of that
county on the subject of selecting a
man to represent Solano and Napa
counties in the upper house of the
Legislature. The story comes that the
Republicans of the Senatorial district
EXPOSITION* COMPANY PAYS
PART OF DEBT TO CONGRESS
Managers of Fair Rend Check for
$105,057, 10 Per Cent or Gross
Receipts, to Government. !
ST. LOUIS, June 16. — World's Fair
officials are very much pleased with
the financial condition of the fair, in
dicated by the payment of the first
installment on the Government loan,
which was made to-day. The follow
ing statement by Secretary Stevens
was made to-night:
Th* Louisiana Furchase Kxposltlon to-day
paid into the United States sub-treasury at Ft.
LouU $19S.a">". beinB the first payment on the
loan ot $4,tA!0,(KX) made by Congress. This sum
was 40 per cent of the receipts of the exposi
tion /rom admissions and concessions durinff
the rYr.il fifteen flays of June, that beinjr the
percentage required under act of Congress.
The trross receipts paid into the exposition
treaiwry tor the flftten days were $4S7.W^.
dlvirt-d as follows: Gate. $2."2.42O; season
tickets, ISOOJ stockholders. $.'JS.S30; national
commission. $:J:S.SOO; concessions, $161,772.
are ready to resent what they are con
strained to term an interference In
their local affairs. It would not be sur
prising if Lieutenant Governor Alden
Anderson should enter the contest as
a candidate to represent the Third Dis
trict in the hallsNof Congress. It is
common rumor that Mr. Anderson ex
pects in the future to go a step higher
on the gubernatorial ladder, but a term
in Congress would not lessen his
chances of becoming Governor. Secre
tary of State Charles F. Curry enter
tains an ambition to occupy the exe
cutive office In the State Capitol and he
would not care if the Lieutenant Gov
ernor should be chosen to succeed Vic
tor Metcalf.
There will be a meeting of the exe
cutive committee of the Republican
State Central Committee this evening
at party headquarters In the Palace
Hotel and the official call for 4he con
vention to nominate Presidential Elec
tors will be framed and made ready for
submission to the meeting of the gen
eral committee to-morrow.
The Democratic State Central Com
mittee will meet for organization to
morrow. Gavin McNab and M. F.
Tarpey will contend for the control of
the works. The committee will elect
a chairman and a secretary and pro
mulgate a call fc-r a State convention.
The belief is general that the Demo
crats will hold their August conven
tion In San Jose. The Republicans talk
of going to Santa Cruz. - .
Many a man who says he has great
presence of mind manages successfully
to conceal It. - .
.ROYALTY ADDS LUSTER
TO THE MOTOR CONTESTS
Emperor and Empress of Germany
Arrive at Hombnn: to Witness
Races.
HOMBURG, Prussia, June 16. —
Emperor William and the Empress
arrived here to-day to attend the mo
tor contests.
There was much excitement this
morning during the weighing of the
cars which are to compete for the
James Gordon Bennett cup to-mor
row. A lighted match carelessly
thrown down ignited ptroleum which
was escaping from one of the cars and
the whole street became a stream of
flame, causing a panic among the
spectators. The cars, however, were
removed uninjured.
The Swiss competitors have with
drawn from the James Gordon Ben
nett contest.
Fair Enriches Government.
ST. LOUIS, June 16, — A check for
$195,057 04 was to-day paid to the
United States Government by the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition Com
pany, this sum being 40 per cent of
the gross gate receipts from the day
of opening, April 30, to midnight of
June 15.
Nevadaris Name
Dr. Lee as Thei r
Chairman.
By unanimous vote the Election
Commissioners decided yesterday
evening that they have no jurisdiction
in the matter of Justices of the Peace.
The opinion read by Commissioner
Devoto confirmed that of City Attor
ney Percy V. Long to the effect that
Peace Justices are State officials and
therefore did not come within the
rulings of the charter. The board be
lieved that as municipalities were
formed by power of the State consti
tution they were consequently subor
dinate to it. In regard to the tenure
of office of Isadore. Golden, Justice of
the Peace, the Commissioners say that
any one who cares to contest it may
do so. They hold that the term of
office for Peace Justices is four years,
as provided for by the constitution un
der a recent amendment.
THEY ARE STATE OFFICIALS.
It is openly announced by many of
the delegates that in giving Knight the
committeeship the delegation will only
act in deference to the wishes of Presi
dent Roosevelt, who demonstrated his
regard for Knight when he personally
requested that Knight second his nom
ination in the Chicago convention.
The journey overland bo far has been
delightful. Colonel Kowalsky's punch
has been a feature to impress the mem
ory, and Secretary Steppacher's liber
ality in dispensing it the source of con
gratulations. There are few things on
this train that are causing worry.
Turning from the politics of Nevada
back to those of California, there ,is
only one ripple of dissension, so far a»
the national delegation is concerned,
to record. Ruef still wants to be na
tional committeeman, notwithstanding
the fact that Geprge A. Knight is
looked upon as the inevitable winner of
the honor. Ruef refuses to permit his
aspirations to die. He was generally
probing the situation to-day, but the
biggest men of the delegation don't see
where Knight can lose. Delegates
Countryman, Porter and Philips, it is
known, favor Ruef, but it is hardly ex
pected that they will be able tb clothe
him with the honor he seeks.
In event, of Roosevelt's defeat at the
next election — a hardly possible contin
gency — Judge Hawley, tt is said, will
immediately resign that.! President
Roosevelt may appoint his successor. If
President Roosevelt is elected Judge
Hawley will retain his position until
the burden of his years compels him
to quit his labors. His successor, no
matter when or why he quits his office,
it 1b said will be E. S. Farrlngton, a
distinguished lawyer of Elko, who will
have as his only opponent for the office
General James D. Tarreyson, an ex-
Attorney General of the State, a most
able man. Farrington's influence, how
ever, is paid to be the stronger. The
fact that Judge Hawley Is beginning to
feel that he must rest and enjoy the
honor his distinguished tenure has won
for him is greatly regretted by all Ne
vadans, and will be by Californlans
when they learn herein of his inten
tions.
question of importance in which Cali
fornia is equally interested — the possi
ble retirement of Thomas H. Hawley,
United States District Judge for Ne
vada and member of the Circuit Court.
Age is creeping upon Judge Hawley
and he has talked of laying aside the
ermine.
Aspirants to Fill
an Expected
Vacancy.
TWO HANDSOME BANNERS THAT
WILL, BE CAIIRIET> BY THE
CALIFORNIA DELEGATION.
Matter Is Settled
Quietly by the
Aspirants.
Many Anxious to
Succeed Victor
Metcalf.
General Corbin at present com
mands the Division of the Atlantic
and Department of the East, with
headquarters at Governors Island.
New York. He will have had about a
year and a half of service in the Phil
ippines when Lieutenant General
Chaffee reaches the retiring age. It
is expected that Major General Cor
bin will then succeed General Cha*foe
as lieutenant general.
WASHINGTON, June 16. — Major
General H. C. Corbln has been ordered
to command the Division of the Phil
ippines, succeeding Major General
Wade, the order to take effect in Oc
tober.
Major* General in Command of Divi
sion of Atlantic Ordered to
the Islands.
CORBIX IS TO SUCCEED
WADE IX PHILIPPINES
The residents of Easoort and near
by villages were so shocked by the
strange fatality that many of them
were afraid to attend the funeral of
Mrs. Gordon.
EASTPORT, N. Y., June 16. — The
fourth victim of paralysis within forty
eight hours In this place, three of
whom were memberB of the same fam
ily, has been stricken.
Mrs. William Gordon received a
stroke Monday afternoon and died an
hour later. Gordon was standing by
the body of his wife Monday evening,
when he. tc-o, was stricken with par
alysis. Tuesday morning Mrs. Edgar
F. Howell was preparing the body of
Mrs. Gordon, prior to Its being placed
in a casket, when she fell unconscious
by the side, of the d.ead woman. Isaac
Gordon, whose home is In Palochogue,
went to Easport yesterday morning
to view the body of his mother and to
look after his father, who is still un
conscious. Immediately after his re
turn home he suffered a stroke of par
alysis and there Is little prospect of his
recovery. Mrs. Howell is the only one
of the three whose recovery Is looked
for.
Mrs. William Gordon, Her Husband
and Her Son Fall Victims to
Malady in One Day.
PARALYSIS STRIKES THREE
MEMBERS OF ONE FAMILY
J. H. Fassett and A. E. Valos of the
Thirty-third New York District were
Beated. Mr. Fassett only was present
and he presented a statement on be
half of himse'.f and colleague and the
committee decided in their favor.
Contests from Alabama, Georgia,
Mississippi, North Carolina and Vir
ginia were decided.
The committee decided to give the
Philippine Islands representation in
the convention.
Henry C Payne, who became ill and
Tias unable to preside at the meet-
Ing of the committee yesterday, was
present to-day when the committee
was called to order.
CHICAGO, June 16. — After decid
ing several State contests on delegates
at large to the Republican National
Convention and a number of district
disputes, the Republican National
Committee adjourned until to-morrow
morning, leaving the biggest fight, that
of the factions of Wisconsin, still un
settled.
While there was much interest
taken in the settlement by the com
mttlee of the contests in Delaware and
Louisiana to-day, the quarrel in Wis
consin is regarded as the most serious
In the party and the outcome in anx
iously awaited by Republicans and
Democrats alike.
Iti the D^l.i-.vare contest the com
mittee this afternoon decided unani
mously to seat the Delaware delega
tion which is headed rjy J. E. Addicks.
It was also decided to seat the colored
delegates at large from Louisiana, who
are opposed to the "lily white" Re
publican* of Louisiana.
The colleagues of Mr. Addicks who
¦were given seats are United States
Senator J. Frank Allee, John Hunn
and Caleb R. Layton.
Some surprise was occasioned when,
by a vote of 23 to 13. the committee
decided to seat the delegates at Jarge
from Louisiana who are opposed to
the "lily white" element. Not only
the contending party, the Cohen fac
tion, wins in the matter of delegates
at large, but their representatives were
victorious in practically ail of the dis
trict contests in thai State. The "lily
white" faction expected the contest
n ould be de< ided in their favor and
the colored delegates had practically
given up hope of being successful be
fore the committee. When the vote
was announced the negro delegates
hurriedly left the committee room to
tell their friends assembled in a room
adjoining. Instantly there were loud
ehouts by all the negroes who were
present and it was some minutes be
fore the committee could proceed with
its work. The recognized delegates at
large are Walter L. Cohen, Emile N.
Kuntz, Girault Farrar and H. B. N.
Brown.
It can be stated that before Attor
ney General Knox decided to leave the
Cabinet to become Senator from Penn
sylvania, President Roosevelt consid
ered the appointing of Metcalf Sec
retary of the Navy when Mr. Moody
would retire on March 4, 1905.
NEW YORK, June 16. — The con
sensus of opinion in Washington, as
expressed by the various correspond
ents of the Washington press, seems
to be that Congressman Dayton of
West Virginia, chairman of the Naval
Affairs Comittee. will be appointed
Secretary of the Navy and that Met
calf will succeed Cortelyou as Secre
tary of the Department of Commerce
and Labor.
The Herald's correspondent sends
the following:
' WASHINGTON, June 16. — An inti
mation received here to-night from
Oakland, Cal., the home of Represen
tative Metcalf, states that he has been
offered his choice of post of Secretary
of the Navy and Secretary of Com
merce and Labor.
This cannot be verified here, but it
bears the marks of probability, al
though it is unusual for a man to be
offered his c,holce of two portfolios.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CHICAGO, "June 16. — Mendins a
heart, a surgical operation which la
said to be rare in medical records,
was performed last night upon Ed
ward Pelt of 107 Orchard street, a
15-year-old boy, who attempted sui
cide yesterday by shooting himself in
the side. - ,
At St. Joseph's Hospital the bul
let, which had entered the boy's side,
pierced the lungs and passed through
the heart, was found in the thoracic
cavity and removed, the hemorrhage
of the lungs was stopped and the
heart was sewed up. the operation be
ing performed by Dr. Carl Wagner.
"The boy will recover. I am posi
tive," said Dr. Wagner to-day. "The
operation is rare, and a delicate one.
and it has been performed only three
or four times, so far as I know."
Special Dispatch to The Call
Louisiana Negroes Are Sur
prised When They Defeat
"Lily White" Contingent
DELAWARE IS QUIETED
Friends Say That Strong
Influences Will Urge Him
as Successor to Moody
Doctor Sanguine That Appli
cation of Science Will
Be Means of Saving Life
PATIENT STILL LIVING
11UM01I IS UNCONFIRMED
Dispute of Kepublican Dele
gation From Wisconsin
Is Annoying to the Leaders
Performs a Bare Operation
on Youth Who Attempted
Suicide With a Eevolver
FACTION ROW
IS UNSETTLED
California Congressman Is
Now Mentioned as the Com
ing Secretary of the Navy
NEW POSITION
FOR METCALF
SURGEON SEWS
OP BOY'S HEART
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 17, 1004.
RUEF YIELDS AND GEORGE A. KNIGHT
WILL BE NATIONAL COMMITTEEMAN
4
AJDVESTISEMUNTS.
C Your brain is tied pretty
closely to your digestive
machinery.
CLike a coal fire when
it gets clinkered up, it's
generally the fuel that's to
blame.
C" FORCE "is what you
might call a "free-burn-
ing" food.
C If you eat plenty of it
you won't have those
stuck -in -the -mud days
when everything seems
to be going backward in-
stead of forward. -^
\ ¦
Wbes yon bey coal you find eoae stone*
Bixed with it. Thrte stones co*t as much
as the coal. They also take op and waste
Bore heat tban the coal they displace
would fcave devr loprd.
Just so with the foods yon eat which yon
do cot digest.
People who would quickly build Brawn,
Brain, and Bone should eat plenty of
. "FORCE."
Because it is cot only rich in the Phos-
phates and Nitrogen of Wheat that bolld
Brain, Nerve, and Brawn, but is malted
with Barley, so that it dicests other foods
in the stomach, extracting greater nutri-
tion from them.
Serve cold (or hot) with real Cream, or
Fruit.
C<sv^^s*'<a*^<«v^^^^^<^<3>.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S qrcat,
OF ANATOMY
0 Q) «nia*ain.i>«t.itk«7ta,B.r.cii (
\ Mr T»t Vu («t AMtonical M.-.w. i. ik.
A i_n_V_ *¦>>¦!¦ «r aajr uwikuI ,
7 taQ) in»ttt p*atli«»lr earW bjr tie •Idcit '
f) /SI »P«atlWt««UcC0««. **t. j» ;nn <
A fifjSrl OR. JDRDAH-BISIASE1 OF KEN ,
\ ff€L7>il Caenltutaa tm utf (trie** pftrat*.
at I Xrtf II T»bmm pmaMllr *r kf l«««r. A i
W 1 JT « U /VMtm (Via «T«r» cut BetfcrnkM. <
Aft lft Wtfca <*»••*, kMUI.*S)OI> B Yr «•
? * I H" UUUCK, MAUS nil. (A<
\ fl JL »»lt*bi« b»k tm mm)
V HE JAKD1K A CO.. IMI Market 8k. 8. f. I
B£GAI» SHOES.
JTROM the day we opened
the first Regal Shoe Store,
we have been telling the
public how shoes are made.
The shoemen say that we have told
trade secrets — but we have nothing to
conceal, believing that everyone should
know what they .are purchasing.
The Buzz -Saw in our
windows dissected all makes
of shoes.
"The Window of the Sole"
on Regal Shoes proves the
presence of genuine old-fashioned oak
bark tanned sole leather before you pu*-
What would you think of
a man who sold you a hat
pieced or patched under the
ribbon ? yTv.
All other shoes sold for less
than $6.00 are made with
pieced or patched vamp concealed under
¦ the toe cap.
- Cutting off the end of the vamp means
a saving of about six cents per pair to
the manufacturer.
The consumer knows nothing about
j this until the shoe loses its shape or
| bursts out.
Every one of our new Spring Regals
[ — Oxford, blucher, lace or button. King
i Calf, King Kid, russet, waxed, patent
I or enamel — has the same unmistakable
custom-made appearance that the ex-
clusive New York bootmakers charge
$10.00 and $12.00 a pair for.
. It's going to be; another Oxford year.
Regal Oxfords fit at ankle and instep —
no slipping up and down, no chafing, no
" gapping " at the sides.
THS SHOE THAT PROVS8
There are 72 Regal Stores. 25 of them
In Greater New York, ¦where the styles
¦ originate. The new styles are on sale at
i our San Francisco Store at the same time
as in the New York Stores.
Women's Regal Shoes embody all the
\ latest custom designs of leading boot-
makers ofJVew York, London and Paris,
go new styles— one priu.
SAN FRANCISCO MEN'S STORE,
Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts.
WOMEN'S STORE,
Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts.
¦ - ' _. - -~v
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GKKAT UKSTOKAT1VE, LNVlULu***
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrcdlslae and Special
Tonic (or the Sexual Orguoa, tor both aexaa.
The Mexican Rem—ly (or Diseases of '.h»
Kidneyi and Bladder. Sells on Us own merit*.
NABER. ALFS St BRUXE. Agents.
823 Market St.. S. F.— (3«nd tor Circular*.)
DR.PIERCES
gold era
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
, FOR THE
I rtLOOD.llVER.UJNGS;
DDTTCUTTC FOR barbers, ba-
JJ Jtl U O Jtl Hi O kl?rs - bootblacks. bac&-
wiiwruiiuw houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, canners,
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hanrers, printers, painters, shoe factories.
1 stablemen. tar-rnof»r>. tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BHOS,
| Brush Mannlaictnrar». :O3 Sacramento St.
\A7. T. HESS. /
! Hotary Fafclic and Attorney-at-I-aw.
; Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claua Spreckela bids.
!' ,v> Telephone Main »S3.
1 Residence. 1802 McAllister it
| Rt»ldance Telephone Pa«« 5G4L
b?% fl| B H ar% Outfits. Quns. Amciunl-
8" M Ea44S I tlon - F>»h!ng and Outln*
I 0 8 ll«l S9 Good*. Tents and Guai ta
I lMIUll -l ; ' nt - CATALOO FREE.
Ugllfll EUUEVE& BARBER CO..
, W """ 73» Market st.
(• • 821 Kearny St.. B. V.
The Weekly Call
61 per Year.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _ __ : "
.• FOR
Headache v^S^?V Patigiie
J&r • mL^L f[ifln££^3Sn3Jr \A
fir tS l '
Indigestion -^^^ Nervousness
PERFECTLY HARMLESS .
Red Dragon Seltzer is an effervescent salt. Contains no morphine, no cocaine, no antipy-
. rine, no phenacetine.' Leaves a pleasant taste after taking.
The Red Dragon Seltzer Go.
Price, 10, 25, 50, 75 cte. NEW YORK.
2.6 per cent Certificate . Pacific Agency =
Company's Stock on every bottle. 118 Battery Shi, San FranClSCO
Save ten and get a new bottle from your dealer. SOLD EVERYWHERE.Ch£ae«c Lxnsdry Destroyed.
SANTIAGO DS CUBA. Jose li— <By
staanier to ifj?TTart<Tr.-»_ Jsne tt> — The
worst stcmr ef a decade ftespan* Friday
ajnai cnlmiinated ITanday ni?fct In four
teen, inches cf rain, within £v» hours,
acennxpanied by a hTrrricane. The I>iw
er vtlla?e Gf EH Cofcre has been, de
stroyed.
Fotty-4ve persons are kmr»n to be
dead and scores ars nrissinsp Bodies
are Coatis? La the Ccbre River. Twen
ty bodies have been recovered by boats
patroltn^ the bay.
AH the bridges on the Ccbr- Railway
are oat and usury bridges hare been.
lost an the Ozhaa. railway.
ii tra±a whiclr teft Havana Saturday
£s heM fcetween. waaho. - s f arty mHea
fcriand.
A relief train, brin^in^ nail; and pas
seny?rs was wrecisd. at Morcn. The
Cxeastn. and mail ax »nt were iilleti and
two of the empfrjyea are ts*rsKd. The
passengers are safe.
The znlnes at De Acjtiisi are crippled
and sixty employes have- been drained.
The pter fcaa been, damaged.
Tfee city's property teas i3 eccrtntKa.
AH tslesraph. ami ca.bl» lines are dia
abfed.
GCAXTAXAJitO. Cnha. Jcne 13.—
CD«fctyet* In transniisaioc)— The meat
severe starcr oa record has swept over
Gnaatanarna. There- were showers aH
Jt^^nday and at nisht a ¦ steady dow^s
pctrr af taia. be^an. t&sxiza? until no»Jtt
Tuesday- At 4 o.*do«rlfc fcx the Dcrnin^
the Gcaaa,. . Ba.no ami S.z.i~zi-f rfrers
were aK oct of their banks and Vaodhrs
the cocntry. canata^ teas cf life and
property. The rtvers are still cp^ and
there is no cotaainnfcLtiQa with outside
Cnba Suflier and Traffic
Generally Is Prostrated
"t-ONTDOX. Jane li. — Sarrday
shrjoi Union, representing rwo and a
aalr dillioa worfc-rs, scholars. Great
Britain, and the colonies* assures
church, and reEatryes cf c raf otmd
sympathy at the tinae at this appaH
t=s- disaster. Heartfelt prayers that
Father max vouchsafe eomfort and
sustaining grace."
"LONDON". Jcn« IS. — British. Sun
day .sevfeod Workers deeply jrieveri
at sad calamfty. Heartfelt sympathy.
"SUXDAT SCHOOL. CHROXICX^."
NTETW YORK. J"u=e 4- — T*:«sra=a
and letters cf synrnathy for the ctan-
of St Mark'3 Lutheran
Cfetircfa. are tzsz totsvis «- Aeocj
the messages . were the foCowtn?
w-nich. give an. idea o* the spirit cf the
otherst
CcndcLLnir Messages Poor ta to St.
Many Other Districts in
TEXEGKAMS OF STfMPATHY.
[DEATH LIST IS GREAT
IT.
CUrnaa. Ed-varl J-- .tr&iiKidnrf. M.n. Seilaa
naana, Mrs. L«aa. .-Caj-r, Strt. Ca«S<?rt3»
"T^i;. 5Ir». ifjjfiaEzs ;5RT«id«r3ta2» \Ln. Cac*-
WVeaan^ EaiiU (^iiiiV li=«
LiTtr* [•«•* Emily fcJ:iM>
•JTuraer f'''^-' |W"»la^ Mrs. VirrriTif»
Waj, earl finfaar) |'W»1». Lout»
¦W<mbL Mrs Carallse ;W-ter^t--r. ttxry
Z-
Zller. Kat» - - Zlsxsieraiaa. A2»3»ta
<.ihiil> - [Ziijae. Miry
ZlS&e, tuniiae naiU> Zn=rs. Euirme
: Z«iol.«r. Mrs. Asaa.
DIREFUL STORM
IN SANTIAGO
Fourteen Inches of Bain
Falls in Five Hours and
3Tany Houses Are Wrecked
diatricty. Tec fccdias have teen r»ccT
er^d thss dr. • bet crsci gr^atsr leas
cr tifi? is mnpcawl to have ocenrr^i tn
the tow districts be?snd Kta rvT-rs^
Ther? ar» larx* b. 111 ' 1^- 1 ¦ cf dead catr>
alon^ the banks. The Cc5a Eaatsm
Railroad berx-een this irta.ee and tide
water E3 badly washed out. Th* Jan
mfjsa Railrcad. alcn? th<? ccast <»ajt cf
Santiago, stril | jr i !d. rnnchi iinr 1 . It
The st*a=«r Dksh Erocia. cljtrs
bsrw5«tr Hajtf and Sii::ir:. ts stzy
pesed tj ha-xe fc««n Icsz.
- &i3in«33 her- is aTnscst narx^/agti.
A rife fct^IffC is traT»ttn^ at its grrot
•sr sneed not jj iz L3aT»s thi» mnns;*.
bnt at aScrrt tas f*K fcs frrst cf tia
cr;nti«tnnecL Van Schaicic. ilr. itirx
said. toLd aim r^iat all txm pr^aer^ars
T;r» en tis inrrican*? i^ci.
llarr said tnat Van Schaick tst-i him
that his idea Ea rmnin^ to North.
Eroth-r Isiand vzs t-: get ta snallc"*-
where the se^cla cculd waiie
asicr-. If tie? hail »ait«±. as did
Cartain Van Schaick and h^a pilcca,
h-~dr»d3 that lest their Bna 'C7 t=p
¦¦w* j^* i^*'^ r^^> 3^ c*~^xlii 5*lv"i* i»»?**
«aT«d fcy r^achin^ the fc«ach. Van
Schaici and Pilots Van "Wart and
Wearer landed In thr^-* Ceck tf water.
2» j^ v» YORK, fc? li. — Cartxin Van
Scnaicic c? tna SIccttt:. *io is in L«&
i;c3 FT f **r ! T~'i*'- '~M Sfrnretiiini? c_ tie
<iiaa«r»r zo Sanri«I Uarx. cne c< tn«
AcccriUns t3 llirx. tns Iii» gris^rv^rs
5rcc*r an^ncrities in tie snrtrjr of tne
cr?s*;ni T»ar and eniT cne JzajI b*es.
Captaia Saj« Sloccm** Life Prrsenrrrs
Were Pa^eii as AH Ri^tic-
Bl_V>£ES THi. rV5PECTOR5.
::=rxr TOF-H. J^^n* li— ILiycr i£r- j
Cl=::an ias rece-ved a ms«s.i?e cf sym- (
patiy fr-:m £Lr Tn^mas I-ipt-n cf^rm^
ta f »=scni« CJCQ.
iZaycr M — '"-* ~»" 'halted tie scene cf
1 .=..-„ n?tin tj-iay. ta wicnt ie jits
¦:--..: - j Ca =*x-i i-~ tie boiies wiica
are tcrsed teyend any bepe cf faienti
iu-c: brined at jnce in tie Ljrtieran
Ormetery. at tis city's -xp«nse. He
t'^^i ¦i'iTW l l f '— * tie beads cf ctier de
partments C9 spend any necessary sum
* irrantad.
'seme families iare L-rst frsr cr iv»
member*,** said ie. "and we snail iave
: c-^ry tie^: dbefed. Otiers will b«»
iestirste aftsr tieir tsrribie experience
arc I -' — -f *• c-cjit ta iaip aH snei
if possible. Tier* is no tray cf taring
ne*- ita: we will need cr new enci
- :-t7 it will tii*."
At tie Last lew tide twenty-iT»
bo&a were recov-re-d near tie wreck;
cf tie £Iocsn5- One of tiese bodies -v~xs
tiat cf a wcrman ai«ict « years eld.
.*_r;nnd ier caedk was wiat ksrfcd Eke
a life preserver cc^erinz. Ccr>n«r
(Yr.-f-T- sa.yi tiat Jis fo?^nd a quan
tity cf pdvervse-I ccrfc insida ti- ~-j
esssTb w-aist. He tV;— v< sne tried tc
and -.iat it went t : pieces. Wben. Ccr
iztr 'ViVr-i- 'li2ccTer*d tie ccrk ie
£ :
f - *^* iiati cf fc *-» wctnan ¦scben ier
r- ¦-:-.- -$ :-ientinad- Sie ba.i b^sn cruzi
- -r- ;: ptrt en tie life preserver ami
i*? - * na~« a cnance fm «.?r *z . *?.
Fully 30 per cent ol tie Ticcnts w»re
sxranee. SSertn! Brr»^ cf tie Jciis
Hanctjrk Ccrr ja ry sa:<i tiax company
•wrrdii iave to pay abent SO ciainta.
""^¦^TT 1> 1*2* #»»y» S^^ *** " V t"*^ rms
C«w 7-ars eld c-p to amounts cf STJtiO
and r_2iW frr ad-^ts.
Tiis and. ether ccntpani--?s are wai-sr
i~s ***3—y cf tie formalities nsTiaHy
cX X«ces«axy sasss-
Mayor M--ClrCaa Orders Eipe=diiarw
CITY TO BURY THE DEAD-
"Tie apparatus ioc nj'itins' ire en
beard tie coat at tie time cf tie acci
dent was cf tie very fceyt tiat meney
ctmld bey." said Sarnaiy. "Tie boat
•aras ticrcc^niy cvernaaJMi early tni»
year, and we sp»?nt ever ?;;¦".'.'. en ner
flj--«r"*'^ ii i»'^ an J -^ i ¦< fzr
Lfe-preservers. did ail and more
f^r tie is.'v r"^T!r°y Tiey all
new tia year. Tie fact tiat ti* vessel
raj rat^i as an 'A.' class risk ta tie
fcvst -e-idsnce tiat everytiinx xu d^ne
' — '• ' — -. - '^resi^n* <*CwId
¦•Tna st^rr tiat tie beats and rafts
•Virre tied i-Tfn ¦*~iti r~s>i3 and wires.
tie femzer so covered wtti drie<i paint
tiat tiey resisted a knifs. is xtsolntaiy
false. Tie Lf2rafts were simply laid
cs. tie d*«Hc anii cccld nave been
tirowii cTertcard by any cne. Ti«
teats wer~» simply lasied wizi tiin
r-:pe tiat was noc co^er?d w-.ti paint
and wnici easily cccii ia.7» been cut.
8Ga wires were i zae^t wiotevar. I ven-
Xsck t3 say tiat many persons were
killed simply tn tie efTsrt to gsz xt Om
' i.~ - .^. c z~ ~. " " '. ii. i in i ~ — ~^ ~ .i ~
ice t~-*— cct^d iare easilT" d»3ne- We
bad i^OQ nacre ;if*-rr»s^r^r3 tian tie
law reti'^red. and 300 cf ti*m were put
tn new tiis x»ei. Tie story tiat tiey
were wcrtiless is net tree.*"
V» i* Ftr«t CIa=-«.
NK'vV TORS. Xcne li— President F.
.\. Eamaby cf tie Knicitsrtijckir
S*»amb«tat Ccntpany. cwnsrs cf ti<j
General Slor^rn. made a general denial
to— iay of tie reverts tiat tie atiam
s<iat was e^-xisceii wits wortnlesa icae
and life-preservers and tiaz tie life
bcats and Lf-rai'ts were lasied ta- tie
steambcat witi wires.
Cl3£=3 VesseT* Llfe-Sartar E^nrsascnt
BJJ1N.\B\* M-1SES DE?TL\i.
AH w-:rk was snsrendeii. A beat put
cct frcsa tie pier and tie tiny frag
ment cf Sctaam. frrrm tie disaster was
¦jiTi frcm tia n^er.
It was tie icd7 cf a boy baby cot
mere tian two ntcntia cid. Ha iad
been prettily clad tn an emirridsred
muslin dress, wiici was 'r,* 1 * bemed
cfl tie bedy. Great tears tcld tow tie
ciild's imtbs iai been trrtcred by tie
->—*¦« Tie body is new ax tie mcrys-i.
NEW YORK. Jnne 15. —A sc?ry Ctttte
tnndle cf sccrcied and .btackened cas-
Viz Coated past ci«r ZS at ti« f^ot cf
Jeffersca street **>:« afternoon. Little
attention was paid cj it cntil a IaSorer
ca tie pier saw a small wax-tiis iand
nasi ccr fnnt tie bundle as tie mas3
was relied atom tn tie citciiny water.
"Its a ciildr" be cried.
Special r*asat=S ta T5e CaX
h'sritxl tt feared tie children ara
tie c-nly r*~ »*-'-? menrbers cf ti«ir
fa=lllea. Nettier cf tie tarles Is sert-
: — y'y fcaxt. tct tiey wC be lt«rt at
tie icerital nntil inally. r;«rna^s. rei
xtifea aryear ta c'.a rrr. tiein.
5IEW TCF-S. Jcne 11— In wnat ren
erally crcved to ie v=^= searci. fcr
reliiivsM *tc*« najnes ia.d noc been
i^ci^d^d in tie lists cf dead cr ta
r^red cf tie Slccnnr icrrcr. tie Lin
¦xrf^ x-d l^eiancn icsnitals la Br^nx
wi»re rii^e» tfl wnica tnndreds cf ;er
sm» tsraed *» * last rescrt-
Kesr rit^nl cf all tie caZs at
L^cancn Ecanital far rsra "caites. Trio
~*?!ii^€^ ¦"¦~** i *" - *ii'*d to— nixnt
af*.«r mere t*»-»~ cn« hundred anxLcna
fibers cr metiers iad Iccied at tiem
and «adlr licck tieir ieais.
C-re cf tie raiiss i» «ieven m<7r*h;»
y«ar» eld. Bcti are bcrs. i 1^ tier* .s
-cr* — g by wiici eitier cf tient can
ie tdsntiied.
E^cefa: CSStttS te Ti* CaH.
Pn?«k5ett& cf Fraact? aad tbe Uninrsi
Scat*? rn^i 1 « M^ta^>.
»!"AiHIXGTOX. Jcrr* If. — Ti« fil—
'"»f'l ca.b!e?r-Ar=a ia.T-» been ex
cia^jg^i t«?tTr**n Pr53i-i-?~t Ljoii<!t cf
France and President Rcc*ev»It r?
gj..—ii~ar ti<» <>«r«ral ! disast?r:
-PXETS. laae IS. — Hii HsceSeEcy
*;-. F-3cs?<rr"I- Pr<Ki.i«nt cf tie Crited
Ststes of ' 1 }* ¦ c- ¦». Ti"ajnin?r:ct:: Pro
foundly moved fcy ti» awf^l catas
• - i» cf tie «j»n*ra.I £I<>rn2n. I Ht»
i: at i-?art t3 express u> jcur Elxcel
h*n<TT J=T sincere ccsdoiiesce and ta
exrrreafics cf nny sorrrj-ss-fal srsipaiiy.
7E3CZZJS LOU3ZT."
¦nrivum.'ntv, Jzne 15. — Ea Ex
«ei:*r:cT M- Emil< Lccb<st. Presi
dent, cf tie Frenci Rer^bGc. Par-^: I
: ?T=rraziT ¦*'hi<^i cro=7ted yotrr
E^ce^encr's teleyrxm cf ecadoLecce
" " i r t*?x T 1 -^ aocspC ' j T-~'' g "e
LOCBETS COXDOLEXCES.
EOMSCEG. Prussia, J-^r^i IT r <?:«
ind tier- is prcm->e ct s^tendid
o'clock arid at €:L3 Eripercr WHIian
irriTed at ti» coerce on horseback.
H-3 vcis seen ffsCoTr*! fcy tii; Eaprs3S.
Tbe I>:i2 cf RarTbor, henararr prwt
<i.-."_ of lie r?«"' i v.ir! AitcmoiiTft Jtsa<3—
ciatic^. r»cerr»d ti*tr- Ma/esrifss aj=d
«sccrt»d ti'^ri ta tie trspertil eUaA
J»na.txky ttm tie Sttt ta start. E-*
was at lie star:i=5 place befcr? i
o'clock.
A-;-,'c^;> Races at HocibarT-
New TOES, Js=* It. — Th~ sanes
cf the Tlctiri3- cf th« General Slocurs. 1
disaster. M-ntlied c; to ! ©"clock this j
nt«nn=c. fellow:
A.
J.mbrijt. EarSarx fJLasr^r, Jf.r.a.*
Aekgi'iian. L^sa »«ti- .irJjr-cSt. <«Inia
ArsianiJ. r_j .1 - I Ailliciia, Vi -yi-— •
Alter. 5i:oii:a
Bimii=«a«3i. Cataer- 3r»i<?r kale (cJUM> j
tee ,3r*da." Mingle
Plcmn,. Derm ;B««5rasnilt. r.i^gj-t
E*r». t^aa <-cJiii«tj
B*rr«:». Aiurxsta/ TaiicJ> SaiF^ tla A
BKchiieKit. Str». Anna. 'Earieniinr, t<aolaa
E«fr*7ir. 3tr%. Gum* '-aiji>
Birasisgiaai.. CatJwrtsw Sose. A.tnii»
Eer.ta. XrtJtar • Praia. iij_r..« ;
E«iU .»|3M 3«rr-r Paailau
E»2=i!>?. a-sijj . Ew&r-ns. Xssia
Era«:a. lliry j Bni-isuj. V'.ir? . —.
fitiriiart, A-33ie 1 3noka. Uar^ar-c
c.
Cartes. Fr~l rrisw. Barija--»
Cz*iu*i. Kr». iCu* t^n-Jt. A.ii<»tla
CaiiU. A.inii* 1 Ok-jc. JtUe
Dtesmar.. L*na. C»:rrii.:r«*»r. Fr-tterlcit :
Colidt. ilar? (»:luUi Dtertencii. HScaia
r-SeiSof, Assi* 2c*ic'£za, Mrs. F"r~ia !
&«Aum^, f>rfl<nr n Oiueia^ Ay3t~» .cisiiij- •
'Ctieirns. Gusta.* Dtrekareg. 'WlllUni
rtr»-iic<rt:. Aiaerra Dun a. Artimr
Jot! a Dec'i. Fr^ni.
E«ac«r!niac&<^. Kr». Dr-irr. Joira
E.
2Xar. S!3t» Slick. ElisaJjeta
r.
T— «e, Asa* .F»ia:i~ien. IJ.S3:«
iTr».cn. i.1ur.« iraild' 5*-:W2a« O^ry»
Fickhcfcai. T.fa-nfe ; FV;«£lci,' 3Crs. irhar 1 .."*
F*?!ii:i*~5. lUriar-t F-olcIieirrea. Xuiiciaa
F-Jii-». Ten , .cfcu,!)
Friri. lCc2ii«i ii-*iiT.»j F«>iha-aser Margar-*-
F»l3X SUzaieta : Fiiska. Esraaj
Faeisiar. It«d Fncit, CSari-a E.
Fs<!l. Arsa
G-
OvZcr; Carrtise >i;asrna3. 3Cuia«t J
Cna». Rwffla ( .ciii^f^
G»na«a«r. TTamJa iirib*3. (rarrie fafiilil>
•jirr^ler. Eiiti «i«rtB5. 3In. 3£ir5ar«
Gasiaffr^ Bearyfeftt&QiCOEai trSarfea
Guetanixr-i*>r. Ja=tff« Ga^a. Gearys iciuXJ;
Gr795, 5m^o (;3ililj *3a^Ti?s, E#nri<!rra
'jjarrTH-ia. JCciaai G.bbnca. Harjar-c
Ouas. N'aria^i Wiwr Grx?. Leeds
G«taaier, 1. •. •
H.
! Hjr-*ay. C*lia <^inlifi Ehi»ay. Joiiassa.
• E«raa«rT. G*oris H.-ijt. .•--:¦
fi±!Ji) Hrfiler, Chrlst-aa
: E-raarr?. ArtJnr g~l^nkanir. W.iryLT»t
i H.l.;:! ¦¦- A :r.: 1 I£ :j-r - ::»a.-
Ecm?. Cartlaaitt ,^»^.t Wlliutat
; Esii»aita=itr. ASa ''i-nrr, Sa<ll« ictaSO
gji;7T3. Hac-j»Gi4 liiD K«i^i» Sirs X3ru»
HTymarr, Eacs : Ear-rniaa. •CU>
H«tcs*. Frazil fe&AQ KciTaiaa. Xtn. Cscilla, ;
Eeuta °* > -i~k J-jrw?" CiC7
; H«r=e. Mrs. M. H^«ir. Ecra
Hffiat3. Jcfea=sa H^id'-ltaicp. Xilia
B^^it3:a3. 3t-». A33ii- K-^;*: SarSan
! E<si<iisr. Ha.-? HaT»ni«y»r. WiHiani
Hartars. 'Wlllia H««tz. T-se«!
H«-ir. Hsrsii KiTCtanch. Herbert
' Hsa». *^"« I .-iniiunjcaars, 5tarri'"^t
L.
; Iil«i. Graci? OeftSiO rr-»-.3. F.-uia^
1 Lien. y.Traie nzHilti>
J.
i-:ni. E«nia. iJuat. Leoitr^u!
5L
! Kins. CatSeruw :C:n.er. E«ttT7
; &_artiisni»r, Oncv^n Kseci Kai#- i.-^:.f.
. icii:ld.« S:«rf3. Fmma
; 3Ca^s. iPiaa;e Xleia. ICssa "^aSil>-
I 5Lsi!3 M.i-'- ¦ ' ¦ -Ciir«»:iaii: The>7«tiir»
; Kjpff. I—3s^ ' Kutrf. K* ; '^ <:afa2t>
I K?tiiier. iLtary • ziiilci^ HCra.ar»Ti?r9t. L*3a
I SZ<r.2, Eli^aS^ti a->:it Ewrtia.
; Kiiracit. ntmrtiw aizceSzsr, Jata.
L.
r.nr-.n. L«3a L«bb«»rr:. Aiyjat'.rtuM)
: Ueiffier. Lcnise ('iJiilill r.a'tw. Dnn.
Laaacte. 3£orr-jw J-oiken. JTra. • <raciu?rtae
Ljaif. Lcctie i^aJit> wadTF^jf, L» W.
Li3ii- S^iil;* 1-m, G*onr"
M.
' 5£e?«r t AlS«rt Kirce!:»?r, MarUtii
2L:Z-*3xr.i:n. Mliitta*! Mi?. Mra. irhariatte
(•carliii T£.t3iit!raii?r. Matv
i-iaij-d) *' n ¦ '». JtJcaaai
v:i-hii»i» 'Tmilani ita.7»r_ 5Ir«. I»miae
i»:inlii/ Hotser. iTrs. A-iaa
X;»:na»i. Carri* .'"Jlild) Xu^ljsr, Xrs. 3
! Miller. 5-Tae i4iM> K«i3t«, Cai-rr "iaild>
3CiII«-, lira. Hsrniaa 3fi»a:asi»r. I^xs<»
Ji'iller. H*>iac M'lta.. Jtrs. Sjxa
XaHar, rUira f-r*iili£> : 3tiui Kjii» wniiil.i
MoOiir. 2a»e icJiiM; Xlsddlisj. Bcbert i-:{uiAi '
jIiHer Valirsaa. iMf<M!*n. Frwlericlt
Xi2ek». Aasa (¦ihiriiy iJTaur-r. <>-m-
Sf=}#Ci!r Mi»sr? 'ciwIiDf Wajir-r. l"Tarx fjrfiiM)
3Uli;r. E2=ahetS M3-, Kick3Cl. Cart 'irftilil> •
Ifci^i-r. Aanie
K-7»r. Slai- t>ir.ld> ; Moi:iz*r. Mrs. 3tary.
MaeiliT, A33a • XaKie». KUaabera,
3Ia3nii«i3:er. Lily pnritxrfq Karrar-t
\Li ;f.-. Ca^ieris* .i'*S»,
Cfrl. Carf ¦":.. i ¦ ! OttntKfSP ( *mna3j
Otiiisr. F>Kia :;:.:-. ijDeliter. Mr*. 31ax?
Ctt^as-r <boyj iOCi3ff-r. JLrtJhir i.chiXi£i
P.
Pxali. Sare ( Fatten ijamn, Hgnrai
Paoli^ Elate 'T3li«i> 1 K-.itiI«i>
ParauitiaJtC E^STtetti i F^ill3uui. WiUiaar
icstliO 1 Fetors. Lesa.
• Fofyaaa. Ozx i Fscrsnnaaai W^xnaax
R-
RarSiaifitr. Erarac ;'Hj»Iia3si{t. Waattt
EesrraiKicacit. Hji^ioa '¦ <-*!ld>
<srh£Ui> lUcth, Mr*. Jcaec&2«
Bicatisr. Tiici CcniltD Sitn. H«lea
Ricistifr,. Lrfma • 7- *u. . n^. £2n3s%
7.ii" i;r.z. trimw» j 7 .; r Ii^ia.i - Urs. ~m : 7-
R*s«na*al. Annie Baanrr. Lrrsat '.ciililj '
Eataenijerj. 3ta» Aa- 'lCc!s£!«r. Aaielia.
ale ! Ricntsr. Lixzia
EitA. Teaaii? laicater. Aaaie (C3lii> !
Bcttggagrjgy. Aaaia IRIl'Ssbt. Frirt (cnUd>
&;8*. Haanai I Si;her'j> Clara. Aaaa |
s.
S«l<ierr»xrf. Eaary ; gcft2i£sler. Mrs. C3rrt«- '
Scice£Tla». Marx Ca*
(ciit^l") 'atrniarfB,. B*nrr C
Esnry C. <re-!2cnnit3i!. Elnaja. f«niIiO
c«tTimr taiter, Sarrlriicfirairfr. *tttt*^ fcSUId>
«C £ounC3 Brothers.) Slaaa. w.nrn~
Sraixii. Hzldr'.ch. <,suJt>iSm!=2. J£r». Anal«
ggnsrarr. Xeca. ScitLaefar, WTUiajn. H. i
• gctaniilr.Iirtg. Assst Scnuler. FriHfcricic
*caiTd> 3£chc»Bi3jf»r. «3.jttaeb«a
Sriiiniiir^aif. Gearys Scftr-inia. WUUaar
Scnaiicit, E>* ,'ticjjir3ier, WUHaai
: srclutirzerlasfi. i'..Ji- ; ¦•:a::^i
6«i Stein, Carrt* fc&ikO
Smitx Xrx. StarT- S>Ta»rur. SIra. 3tar^aj»t
Sptua. Mrs- Aiuroata |Sl<a»» Bifea. fciiBiii
fdxamst^ 3t=t.E2i2ai«ti SL-hirawr. Bertaa
Scirwarta. Jfrt. Lcaiae itairarer. L«na.
'Slmrfci*. Lctsa |S<3ie«i«. L*Ttaa «cStriO
Sciiear J'liia <dxiUi> : Scictitxrer. Site fcftCii>
' tfen!»rr^ Hanrr ! Strfimide. Fpnia
Soiaeider. E'a tn&ailV Sanders. Br>I<si
Scaitiniaa. Vlcf a tcMM) ; 3caaeggr, Wimaax
Sta^tlsas. Aasaita IScriiiap^ Jofia
Sjsixiu E.f»ard Iswne, SCnaie
Scftnm3sa=3 K SCr»- TSHI-' Steffsr.. Eo»«
! Tteier. Mrs. Aaaa iTraO. AXSert teaiid>
; Tadc Mary jTaoraaiXer. %r»r«»<Trf, .
, Traapiaif. LiiUaa i tcnlld>
TSorsaaier. EDad .Thnrajav GtrtatJa*
1 v-i.^U Hiacna. Jasepa. fcaiiO
Body of an Infant
Floats Long
Distance.
Waifs Unclaimed
in the Lebanon
Hospital.
Long List of Iden
titled Victims
of Horror.
TWO BABES SAVED FROM SLOCUM
ARE SOLE SURVIVORS OF FAMILIES
THAT SAILED ON FATEFUL JOURNEY
THE SAX FRA>XISCO CALL. FRIDAY, TUNE IT. 19OI.
A C£in<se lasndry at la<l? Ljn^na
street was destrayed ty fire yesteriixy
ajrd clatfe<¥s valaeti at *«<!«> fcelcnsiE^
tt> tt« MortO!?oI£in."s patraca w«nt. irpi
fc. sisefce. Tt^ fire faCow«<i the ex
plcsiaa cf & tanicfe of Crecraciars
tfcrowT* fcto the rear ef the pn»mf3es
ty smaH Jsays^ The roof of a hocae at
J*2*% Setter street^ the propertj- «rff
C. Barenson. was slightly <iaiaa^!»<± by
the b&ze.
5
TTTTI EaCPOBITJlL. J — TTfR FivrPORTTry. | IHH ESEPOBTCat. - | TTne Z2£PO3ICai
Men's a n d \ f\ 1 Bovs » 3 . Diece Wool \ /^ and Youths! \ /f A +
Youths* Medium I 11 I II' « J II | |A| Medium Weight / 1 /1 1
Weight Suits; [qKJ */ IfsofO /M-l Suits; this season's («? I /il,
this Season's 810 >\>\/, t0 / V O S17.50 to S25.00 >.^ 1 /JL^
to Sio styles, for V<J| 1/7 and So.9^ styles-^ / >^« nv!^— Fridav and l^ B/TA
Fridav and-Sat- \» I W/ Fridav and Sat- W / >^ snies hnda>andl,, JK i • /
urday r at - .. J \J J* urday at - - ) | ' Saturday " " "' A .i/C
Friday and Saturday a Safe of Men's Summer Wearables at
Enormous Reductions from The Emporium's regular prices (lowest in California).
The bare facts about the cEoihing are stated in the headlines. The garments are this sea-
son's newest and most desirable styles, in the medium weight fabrics that Californians
wear all the year around. They are perfectly cot acd well cixie, acd u-- guarantee jpve the best cf wear
and satfsf action. Their only fault ir». ccr eyes is that there are but a few dozen suits at each of the prices
from which we have reduced them, the siz«5 being broken, but tn the fail assortment at each seTEo-2 price yea
«crt=a= bdaan 5fl rii i^e ai tabie baei nek PaSSlS — *- »«= icr-pcc: efsca, /^i f /> /\ MOSB, NecJCW&SW, Shl'HS, EtG.
The "Vlea's Scrfts to be s«fd far $14 30 « suds worri J5. jc tie pair; icr Fncrr lt jm^ c Sarwiar, «i S7c
or drc i«=r jra** rf c^-^n, r-^sb, hcoiapana rai «ai Sgnritr C m> \ Sbitbi BoifcS _ |q - a erf 3ia
6c £».c «"««, ia EjSs and tek calory .^uL«r . ofca^ *,-c «^« Fan »£ S>sn^, adt . 2fC
<iiir ' S: * ' : - Jic * 5iz - " s 5i - * i: « $2.50 Shoes $1,90 m«-s h^^«-a « * -r-- J: -= a« „
TbS YOCtlli* Sciti ta be SCl<l for S3-5O »r= fer »»^ ?£ * a ' TtJriC - {gill " ii^- il r - 3e= fcs * i 0 *. Ca SoecaC &j=
i^-t re rj :* 'n.-i die Tj^raj ch?Tct3 r r-v-ru ina JB^H&fc^, r -r rrj^iT inc CCiT. C cc •--ii-r t^a i»:^rij^ kxIv, "a " - ...... . . J7G
wantas, n tfrjes^ paiia mijm iicaa chssJcs. O13 JHMKV pais cf Dd'l Vki KIt£ and Box Men's St)fls2l <Mt Shirts — M*ts •" - •-- ij
IHe >oa;=3' Sclti ts s« siid for $14.30 « i^^ :" T "«. br«d low '""^ "^ SJU3O
».Bri S! itpi ? ;ar>at cto^ «r «r«> M^s@i adi. fa 'iS ca ia£ £ \e- SiTOser lecV- Men's tellllse S2^rta
rrgiTar |2. ja 1t7.es the iaE<«a' Eq^&'TaSB^ purrst-acrxs, jastsrrset
Fftj Bans' Sets to 5* 5311 for 52.95 cannae S^^^ccitr itsrta'j: at 5?-cc. a fimr^n^asd*. . oOc irt ~-~-~^ rtf "-- L " t -
2 brajcra [.tt or «.-ur eacinr jtark af $•_ zi t^d ?T.<1" t- ..... _^ — - - kiIs ::'.:r « S1*OQ
dh^^^^ttblnsS v^ P" *pmm+*** un*t*r-*i** «i
Boy," KiaJc Sttio, in JCiri k Krics, ay=» + » ii—SI~45 sm, c£~usr»e ihc« «ara cr the Ejsc A -^ S#) weifiss «=i caicnu P=- BO)S* Overalls — Srrw^
I I Waists, Suits, Skirts _^£° a J*L s ?e S 2o
Summer Neckwear ' __, o^J. Plaoajjja Hals #S.OO
/fair rmce ro-nay TbB Viic e3ars::& A «y »« ~rc, «^ ,„«,. i^-^ k»^.
A^car Jj= 1=2=^ W.-..c= L-sarciic-d Tn^rr »a<i Tie ct5sia?i »r= u eascaaair, die «?'= ratrralaecsi m «at -jiaec- eraser « Fs-
St:ck Ccilan^ -ar tSxZ. ic rrrt n sbiosxeac ane «£~s£ <Jg jrfi a «=« r3o: «' "¦*'¦¦— * r g jo ii- -3=seA;_ rrtan 8r Oo- '
izvser.il i .- :r 7--.I inrf sjt3ri« jriiv i- aa i«-ngr *£$ tt^X -<—<:r die 7>-c^ in "oj* -73- x 1 -= a *T^; rrric=s s> : =
¦:f C3:r -r:c«, " Sg P i 3 , :!tx= .. --. nianria «•:. -^ « :a " 1 ---^ rf - J .... S4»OO
1H-T3C or: -JsiTurrri ;i=^a^iaci pjad^ wnrxH ca j«ac ?^_J acsl s-actrr* oijic TSs »ort- ' 3Ma '^»e fln M»fWI Coff Cr»— 12
Ma&ral, Lt ac-» aarsnin 3ons^ ar inrai dlVjiefr sracia. a '-' 32=ir gr: " l ' rl : ..... &O iU U ' v^_ j^,^
be 3*4 *icii rioufi. Tiere arr 75 ?«=«« m all a J^<^-J^, -,- c Pk^ut WsTia 3SC CfBi 2**-^ «° « I » i« cin= 5 en- sz^af
mcmcStot. Mit we juts s:«iea dusa jaa fcur ioa aaa /fi^'^- v > *^*l> f-ea ttcaask Win Si IS bc TX i=ira=:aa cr Px*- 1 y—.
«rfcJ d^r ff/jb^^k^ SS »«-* -' -' -' **-** i=3i =£hCr * ?S^ ar ¦**¦«-;> < * SC
20c styles - - - 9c 50c styles - 24o Wf/^^^J^^S 5^ Wi; «— Vi^ a ? a jii? ar . r!Js f SI S(^ I i ' ff?? S*i«t Cja-F^r jo^ «r
2Sc5tvfes • - 14c Sl.C0styfes.4Sc /^ |||f1^(^g^^®S^ ge T 5^^
—^— — — — — — ¦^ — I' *^\&%jl& I 1 Ills'" VaiaBS a ? ri 5t 5 5 3 c - - - S5m75 Itsa ' ? rcT -- - 25C m-jis'vis^ ziias..5Qo
S^C Veilings, ISV-G %y^4*m"' SlLJwS^wKT :r - Wo/ne^s Summer //afs
A rrj cisatcr at ai =*- anwiiar iceshev 8&«i a-id *:ta \Y L Gaai S j= aat J r.-c «aTa» ars 3ri=£ . f OJ" Street Gftd OutillQ
P^r 4 - mmm /^%^ jj^^ Wajh Sljrt3 _ rjurrd aaa aoOa tot: r^rcn. aine *aii aiack. .'-'. - - - - - -•- * '- " " .: ; ."
_^....^^^^.^^^^...^^^ ' SimO** ?"** Spilt 3fwd Sclan — la dtc was 3t:2t aair jt>» ctt»t»
»a/f Pr/ce Sa/e : "•s« v *^o o^-S^^fTSteiwgas
i,,,^.^.. Bit, fmsmm, r»« «««/-<=. Choice of any Poa£ee Shirt Waist Dres* la Traapms Katj-Eacft. 25c -" 5Oc
fHO VGi ty ntauan \+ unC&t*S stor r unxn clo«ia^ time Satwday. at S 1 4. 9O C«f r *» * aii £ * sci &k»- Wiic=, c£ni wii ir*»a ar
Al ir-wrf^ ar' 3ow3 ax tft= aeaann** i-jt ?ir.a« .r-Irj; ~ais= s:Lc arrm— ; zad » lar^e sow r-frcr. . . / *2 5
bows aa- die luirjiw'-cr e£s owsrv iww« sir dar aeck, Lafft&S* 1/eStS 25 C EtC* CaaTw «ad D«dl -Ootey*"— Wiaraai Esaii 75e
init 3acT girie* aad saai cr rfaocn^ nr^irr vA while M "^^ M^^^^^^^^"^^ M^^^^^^^ M^'^^^^^^^^" M
«»r^ U-. at bait ct&Ur ciifVed prices. ud " S '* ;M L3; * Th " J!l . V^~ L " * «^ «* c *~£* RuHeS* SalB TO^dSXT
_____ _ Uck*' Lk« Elrect lisf« Tlaxajf Case— Fist sick; dtrrr ae» ami /»«._«-»._,—-# rmamawi _«^ _**
Torchon Laces 5c i«^ : :^va-,:,r /9c 2 C -^L rcai7 * er > r 33 G
They Are Worth More Than Double g* L" 8 S£ Basi -^ l ZT*^ «--=-._^d* A?eg. 5OO - *^^r*r
i;,?:fl j-irts or aoie sac arui Uc=s t;r trmaria? ir=oe?. «#•••— strxs aow -air 30 C «?w— — ~» cn.J»f
" ant-** aad cEifer' dedia, --x pa=n ja ' & QH&taS Samoa Veitht" Ic^ RisWd OK_i Vac* _d V-b-— Swiss Ch«K-r=per=i Zsat-C. «rl... . 29c
a^* Cany and ifeicetBc=fe«att_trismircriaieae«, fi— XB1 U ;ar, 7 . . . *. 25c A-macr's Dr«I»i Earn cr Twrjw— X**r» iad Ssar-
w.ca lascrron. a =3^ warra op ca tz*-ic a £» CfWr«a'» tst tsd zs.~ 3iho« Foe 3:aci Cjcct H.»-Da«bi= kacs. is?, j=s» IOO
yar^ m jprc-^i sue Fi&n «te - . m^Cr k-r i3tt ;=JCt ?l r- /2^C Eatp^iu- 84*i sj Pr-*p-^,T3-_r >sd S-castt*, i^ht
-———-—————-—-—--—---———————————- ______«_^ ______—____————__. =a 30c
Stamped Linen Scarfs «_¦¦-» «_ sa^ur^. **__ ....... s^c
At AhOVt Half Their ValllG -Ar^ S^* f JL * BtraH'PBP* 3teB_Kiy J«.»5 be_ew far _eaw
W-miie [» «_t pt_? :-»t vcrc. jtien m D.r= £ J €^LS^ I £ C^i-^iJt^ Cu - 3 Caciti.b — A^r-n. r^-r-a.- <: H Jcr^, sr die
ask East w_t oca war« bcrfc, and bU otfier, in inc cjlUTCPnUS tJWCTST- f „ r . Tm T T ' "-_-_j ' ," i^ "fclJ " * ' fS
Union Eaca T »H ra.Trn-i in ii:n' irsjoa. -rri-'ar I — _---»^p^g^^^^^^ Crr: — - :>^rtu. .p- c^r^-t/, «» — - - - /OC
Talaercc; wecal sa,e ?nc= Faday, anTy . . 43c -*-frj}pkigJ w ' W 4ja£P!CAa C?4.SCSST 5TC^£ Cji?ntt — .^Ljrj-3: :r Ciao, t r- - ... - - 82c
EUREKA FLY PAPER GUARD
\nA One-Half Dnzen Sfaeets
SnCKY FL3T XET PAPER
FBEE TO-DAY
Read Ad. oa CZaaisfSrti Pir.
SEASOXABLE GIFTS
; Our Sastlst— Wast Ad. Patrons i
| Golf Shirts for l|
The other day we received a big shipment of
shirts, which we'hsd bought direcz from ihe maker.
Our order was as large zs Is often given by a whole-
sale house. Buying so largely "we secured the
goods at a very- low price. The shirts were made
to sel! in retail stores for $L50. We are going to
sell them for SI.00.
They are cade or gtrcd
!/o||il£ : -^ c* strfp«f» checked and £5-
€^ V #^^^^^^^^lii^Vt-i I2=drv treats these
Ic^tns; neck- rceastrrss
tVT'ivU ran^r- ~~- 14 tc 17. We
t-»-_;<>^ # v ; vv5^k**«^^^&^v^j-^ can th* ; r- — ~- ' ~----"
Pricc v=*^
tt BLATZ method is generally commented y
J on as most remarkable and unique, for fj
the reason that in most every par- |
US^V^ ticularit is original from a brewers p
point of view. h
It vH^ The very choicest of every com- 6
K \ 1J ponent part of the Blatz brews is ||
\\ JJJ- the invariable rule. Only the best tj
f\ °^ ner Earth's crop is ever con- E
1 s^ ere d- The result is a beer of R
i >^f honest quality with a goodness all B
k V '^ own - S
If Yv-—^ Abrays the Scnu Gccd Old " 'Blatz T R
b:!^--^^^^ BLATZ MALT-VmM£-(Ncn-isteDa=t> K
PVII yer Cfecralcacests aa£ Est-Piwa S7steasaL H
y VAL BUTZ BREWING 60., Milwahkes I
L SAM BBO ®> CO., I
I,' *» — T**1t i y - y r;^* » r.y^>.^ 2X" 't 1""?' v »-T STTXX3TT, iJ
Saa Tsasciscflk T«£. Kiix SSSS. £|
WBlilln lflH^ill»*iMM ,~WASHINGTON, June 16.— The State
Department has received the follow
ing under date of yesterday by cable
from Mr. Gummore, American Con
sul General at Tangier:
"As reported yesterday, Raissouli
has increased his demands. I am in
formed to-day by the Minister of For
eign Affairs that one of the sheiks and
two of his brothers, whose apprehen
sion were demanded by Raissouli have
been arrested; also that a courier has
been dispatched this morning to Rais
souli to say that his further demands
will probably be granted by the Mo
roccan government if the captives are
released." • .
LONDON, June 17.— The correspond
ent of the Times at Tangier points out
that the concession of the bandit Rais
souli's new demand for the Governor
ship of 500 miles of additional territory
would mean the bringing of the Euro
pean Ministers into direct diplomatic
communication with Raissouli. whose
post as Governor, were the usual eti
quette observed, would involve the
amicable exchange of visits with the
Ministers. This demand, says the cor
repondent, has not yet become- publicly
known and he adds that it will cause
consternation.
NAMES ROSTER
FOR NEW YEAR
Bandit Would Be Potentate
as Reword for the. -Release
of Perdicafis and Varley
MORE DEMANDS
BY RAISSOULI
REVOLVER USED BY STREET
' CAR ROBBER IDENTIFIED
FREIGHT HANDLERS 3IEET
AND DISCUSS SITUATION
Electrical Engineer at White's Hill
' Tnnncl Proves That It Was
Stolen From Him.
Captain Martin received a letter
yesterday from Arthur B. Saunders,
engineer and electrician at the North
Shore Railroad camp No. 1, White's
Hill Tunnel, in which, the writer
states that he believes the revolver
taken from Gurt Burnell. the footpad,
belongs to him. Saunders said that
a revolver was stolen from his room
at the camp about three weeks ago.
In his letter he gives the number and
description of the stolen weapon,
which seems to be identical with the
one found on Burnell.
Saunders also said that a man
named Burrell. "who had been work
ing at the camp, had disappeared
about the same time as the revolver.
The police have sent a photograph of
Burnell to Saunders to see if he can
identify him and asklnsr if any one
else left the cams at the same time
as Burnell.
Burnell was questioned by Detec
tives Dinan and Wren about the re
volver, but he claimed that the wea
pon had been in his possession for a
long time and that he had come hero
from Wadsworth. Nev. The detectives
have been unable to find the location
of his room or ~a~ny trace of his com
panion.
Southern Pacific Employes Can Find
No Inducement for Ending Their
Present Strike.*
A special meeting of the freight
handlers of the Southern Pacific
Company, held last evening in Alcazar
building, resulted in no change in the
present condition. ' It was made
clear to the men by their committee,
which waited on General Manager
of the railroad company
three days ago. that there would be
nothing gained in declaring the strike
off, for the company had declined to
make anj£ concessions to its employes
other than to take them back as fast
as vacancies occurred. This was in
terpreted as meaning that none of the
present non-union force would be
discharged to make room for the old
employes. As a result the men took
no action toward bringing the strike
to an end.
It is announced that the telegraph
operators employed by the Union Pa
cific Railroad Company have, after
several months' consideration, set
tled their differences with the com
pany in so far as wages and hours are
concerned, and that the threatened
trouble that might have resulted from
the company's inability to secure
competent train dispatchers and
operators have been removed.
NEW HEAD OF SOUTHERN"
PACIFIC IN ARIZONA
Randolph Elected President of All
Branch Unes of Corporation
in Territory.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. June 16.— Colonel
Epes Randolph has been elected presi
dent of the ilaricopa and Phoenix and
Salt River Vailey Railroad Company
to succeed the late Francis Cutting.
Randolph is now president of all the
Southern Pacific branch lines In Ari
zona, five in number. The other lines
are: Gila Valley. Globe and Northern;
Cananahea, Yaqui River and Pacific;
Colorado\ and Arizona and Arizona
Eastern. The latter Is believed destined
to be eventually the Southern Pacific
main line through Arizona.
Trap Shooters Break a Record.
LINCOLN, 111.. June 16. — At th*
State Sportsmen's Association meet
to-day a world's record for rock
shooting was broken by a team of
five men — Powers of Decatur. Mar
shall of Kelthsburg, Post of Decatur,
Connor of Pekin and Riehl of Alton —
who succeeded in breaking 150
straight.
PERSONAL.
W. A. McNamara, a merchant of
Eureka, is at the Grand.
Dr. James H. Parkinson of Sacra
mento is at the Palace.
Dr. Kerchem and wife of Stockton
are staying at the Grand.
Captain T. S. Rogers and wife of
Chicago are at the Palace.
C. E. Tinkham. a lumber man of
Red Bluff, is at the Grand.
W. G. Hawley, Postmaster of San
Jose, is a guest at the Grand.
W. H. Foster, a mining man of
Tonopah. is staying at the Lick.
A. S. Stewart, a prominent lumber
man of Saginaw. is at the Palace.
Former Governor Henry T. Gage is
up from Los Angeles and registered at
the Palace.
E. A. Sterling, who is connected
with the United States Forestry De
partment., is at the Occidental.
Captain Carl Montavia and w'fe of
Italy, who are touring this country,
arrived at the Palace yesterday.
John P. Young, managing editor of
the Chronicle, and. Mrs. Young re
turned yesterdlay from a trip abroad
and are registered at the Palace.
Rev. Bernard M. Kaplan, the well
known rabbi of Sacramento and the
chairman of the Associated Charities
of th*t city, is in • this city for the
purpose of studying the poor relief
system of the local Associated Chari
ties, the result of which will be re
ported to his orsranization.
Miss .Zimmerman a Rifle Expert.
NEW YORK. June 16.— Miss Amelia
Zimmerman, daughter of Gus Zimmer
map, the champion rifle shot, has won
a cup at the National Schuetzenfest, at
Hoboken," N. J., by making a score of
57 out of a possible 60. 'Her father was
a runner-up with 55. Miss Zimmerman
won in competition with men.
Joshua Chadbourne, a Well Known
Resident of Pleasanton, Is Hon
ored by His Friends.
PLEASAXTOX, June 16. — A ban
quet in honor of Joshua Chadbourne,
who has been a resident of Pleasanton
for the last fifty years, was held Tues
day evening at the Rose Hotel. Mr.
Chadbourne has long taken an active
part in the business life of Pleasanton
and for many years was at the head
of the Chadbourne Warehouse Com
pany, which was recently . bought out
by the Hall Warehouse Company. Mr.
Chadbourne has now retired from
business, but he will continue to reside
on his ranch near Pleasanton.
Among those who attended the ban
quet were:
C. R. Crellin. A. F. Schween. W. H. Dono
hue, W. H. Ccpe, L. C. Walters, T. C. John
pon, K. Bchween, H. P. Mohr. C. H. Schween,
O. W. Detjenr. F E. Adam*, E. F. Green.
E. S. Benedict. Joseph Nevis. E. E. Hall.
Joshua Chadbourne, H. P. Chadbourne and
T. W. Harris.
BERKELEY. June 14.— Professor Henry
Hand HatfleM, the recently appointed asso
rlate professor of accounting. arrived at
JWkrlry to-day, accompanied by his family,
having come from Chicago. Prufessor Hatneld
will assume -his new position when the next
college year opens in August. His lectures
will t>e Riven to those taking the course in the
College of Commerce, the scope of which is
being continually enlarged. Professor Hat
rteld cornea from the University of Chicago,
where he has h4><*n assistant professor of polit
ical economy since l »'.<<•. lie Is the author of
a number of books dealing with commercial
jiroblems.
The work of grading the IUUegacs tract
preparatory to building the new football field
will begin within the month. To J. U. Whit
!=•>• has been awarded the contract for leveling
•-he ground. Ills bid was 65 cents a cubic
yard.
Professor W. L. Jepson of the botany de
partment- has accented the Invitation of the
State Capitol Commissioners to go to Sacra
mento and classify the trees that adorn the
Capitol grounds. The work has been done be
fore, but the designating signposts have been
lost. *"- •
The number of registrations already on file
for the summer session Indicate that the at
tendance this year will be larger than ever be
fore. There are now on file 330 applications
for admission to the school, thirty-three more
than at the Fame time last year. The. total
number of applicants last year tu 947, of
whom 659 qualiSed for work. '
The suggestion comes from Miss Martha
Rice that the Prytanean Society endow a bed
at the new sanatorium that is about to be
organized In Berkeley. The negotiations for
the sanatorium, which wilt be settled In the
Hume residence en Dwight way, are still go
ing on and In the event of their being consum
mated the society need not go outclde of the
city for a hospital, which it intended to do.
ASK COURTS TO UNTIE
MISFIT MARRIAGE KNOTS
TRAIN CONDUCTOR RETURNS
MONEY TO WOMAN
Matt Mitchell Finds Package Con
\ tainins $300 Which Was Left
on a Local Train.
BERKELEY, June 16.— Matt Mitchell,
a conductor of the Southern Pacific lo
cal train, proved his honesty this morn
ing by returning $500 to a woman who
had left the money on a seat when she
alighted at the mole. Mitchell did not
get the name of the woman and refused
to accept the liberal reward that she
offered him. The conductor found the
money lyliTg on the seat after the pas
sengers had all left the car. He was
about to leave the car himself when he
saw a woman, evidently in. a very agi
tated frame of mind, coming toward
him. It occurred to him at once that
she had lost the money, and when she
explained her predicament he returned
it to her. The money was in green
backs.
Alice 31. Cosseron Granted a Decree.
LcgHiilts Denied a Divorce— New
Actions Begun.
OAKLAND, June 16. — Alice M.
Cosseron was granted a divorce to-day
from A r ma ml Cosseron because he
was cruel to her. He made her sew to
buy her own clothes and , spent his
money on other women. When she
remonstrated with him he used pro
fane language. \
Both husband and wife were denied
a divorce in the suit brought by Addie
Legault against Oliver Legault, a car
penter. She was granted $30 a month
for her support and awarded the cus
tody of their two children.
Suits for divorce were begun to-day
by Charles A. Polsen against Alice
Polsen for desertion, Lilian Caulfleld
against Henry F. Caulfleld for failure
to provide and Victoria B. Merrill
against Charles R. Merrill for failure
to provide.
FRANCIS II. . E. O'DONNELIj
RECEIVES BEAUTIFUL GIFT
ELKS AND EAGLES TO
MEET ON THE DIAMOND
Members of Yosemlte Chapter, Knights
of Rose Croix, Present Tea Ser
vice to Past Master.
OAKLAND, June 16.— The members
of Yosemlte Chapter No. 2, Knights of
the Rose Croix, Scottish Rite, gave a
surprise party this evening to Francis
H. E. O'Donnell, past iriaster of the
chapter, at his home, 1570 Grove street.
An elegant silver tea service was pre
sented to the past master by the mem-"
bers of the chapter. ' Nearly all the
members of Tosemite Chapter attended
the party, and after the presentation
of the tea service an enjoyable evening
was spent.
By Zoo CIreen Iladcliffe.
OAKLAND. Jrne 16 —A half dozen maid*
ana young matrons gathered at the hom<" of
Wrf. Ar.struth«T Da.ziel on Twenty-third
ureet. y**Acrday af.pmoon, in compliment to
t>ne cf their number. Miss Florence Hatch, who
will boeome the bride of Asa MendT.hall on
r,e*t Wednesday evening. .The members of this
little coterie are ell intimate friend- ar.d have
n>ent a vtry Jolly winter together. "Five hun
dred" wa* played yesterday, the prise falling
to Mrs. Will Westphal.
At the Elks' Circus on Tuesday evening a box
ptrty included Mr. and Mrs. Will Zing. Miss
Viola Stlllweli, Miss Marie Brinek. Arthur Tar
l*> and Dr. Belaie. The Zlnes were hoi=t and
fco»te*f and tbe occasion was made complimen
tary to M'w Stillwell, who i* their guest for
a time. Miss StillweU's borne is la Saa
Jose.
Th» home of Mr. and Mrs. George Bob
ins cf 3797 Telegraph avenue was the scene of
a quiet wedding last ereninr, when Celes
tia J. Disney became the bride of John Harvey.
the eldeet son of Judge Robins. The s-pacious
home wa» prettily decorated In pink sweet
r<f«* and feme, this color scheme being car
ried out in the dinir:g-room also. The young
eeupJe received their congratulations under a
large bell. They left this morning for Su
Ixjuis and aft»T a 5tay there will visit the
bride's home In Bewart. Iowa.
Vernie Fhethan, Arthur Percy and Frank
Hock are crcing to •"do" the Tosemlte and
the Tahoe rtgion in a wagon, and expert to
make the triii in about i-ix meek*. Vernie
£hethan who is one of Oakland's lavorite
young athlete* took part in the 'Ot cla»
farce to-nirfct at the Macdonough.
Among the first-nighters at the Liberty this
»e*k was I'lrie Collins, the clever young actor
and playwright, who is visiting hit mother In
Berkeley.
Mn>. Charles Smith, who has t>een In the
Ki,' for some time. If now in St. Ixmls. taking
in a few of the wonders of the World's Fair.
"The magnitude of the exposition can be better
understood • bjr a circumstance related by a
friend of the Smitns. By means ot a pedom
eter, this Mfhtyr ascertained that in one
building alone, up one aisle and down the
< • r «-r. he bad walked elKjht miles.
Mrs. WUMi Whitmore wjil epend part cf the
summer at Adam* Sprints. H»r sen. Carl
Whit more, end Uajtr.ond fc'now will try the
net ucatber at Modesto.
Mies Carolvn Palnianteer sailed forfcr.gland
en June 9.
. * .
BEHKKLKY, Jun» 1<J.— Atrcnr the June
• »•¦.:-. •.:¦»* wi!l be that cf Mlrs Mae Black of
Berkeley and E. H. Davis of Chicago. The
intere»tln*; event will take place at the home
• <t the- bride's aunt. Mrs. L. B. Barnes of 2121
Kujersr.n rtre^t. en the evening of Saturday.
June Miis E?f> Blark. a Flster of the
bride-elect. wlJl be th« bridesmaid, and Ever
*•; C. M';: »!¦ k the best. man. . Zilita Black Is
the dauchter of E. B. Black, a rancher of
Pmart»vill». Ytiba County. 4tr. Davis is en
ra$ed In buztne?* in Chicago, where he will
take *!« bride to reside.
A »•"¦:<; -r.g- that vii a surprise to many vu
that ot Mi?s Irn^a HombTirT and H. O. Toung,
who went all th» way to tan Ba^ael last Sun
day tor the rrremony. Justice W. F. McGee
performed the marriage ceremony In the prcs
enc» of a number of the young people wha
sccomtanied them from tcls city. Miss Alice
Snyder.U* bride's cousin, was the bridesmaid.
The wrd&rx ctr:r afterward dtned la han
>"rancltco.
The ladiec of the Church of the Good Shep
herd will give an entertainment and dance to
morrow evening In the pj nmasvjm of the West
Berkeley Coti*Ke Settlement for the benefit of
a fund to install electric lights la the church.
ALAMEDA. June lft. — Hisses Edna and
Inere AVlckraan of Fanta Clara avemie and
Mozart street are ac)oarn!ng at Moore's Hall
In £anta Clara County.
Mr*. II. G. M»hrtens and children have gone
to Suool to camp durlr>ir the summer season.
Dr. and Mrs. W. n. Ganunans (fornierty
{¦saw) are «j>?nShig their honeymoon at Car
rrel-»K-tbe-S«-a. /
Mrsi^A. Mactell and family of Central
avtnu- will dtyart Monday for. Boulder Creek
to |jui the summer in camp there.
3Ienib«TS of the Two Organizations
Will Cross Hats at Idora Park
Next Sunday Alorninjj..
OAKLAND, June 16. — The first of a
series of three baseball games for the
lodge' championship of Alameda
County will be played at Idora Park
next Sunday morning between the lo
-cal lodges of Elks and Eagles. The
teams of both organizations are strong
and a. hot game is expected.
The line-up of the two teams is as
follows:
Elks— First base. Ward: second base
O'Neill; third base, Seebeck; pitchers. Blethen
and McKee; catcher, Hammond; center field
Bone; left field* Platt;. right field, Knightlv;
shortstop, Beach Dean,
Eagles — Catcher. Callahan; first base, Al
Poulter: second base. B. Felge: third base C.
Poulter; ehortrtop. Harry Bird: "left field P
I^-fevre; center field, J. Kroll; right field,
A. Mills: pitcher, G. Felge; substitutes A.
Borland and G. ErlckKon.
Fifth Attempt to Die.
OAKLAND, June 16.— Margaret Sul
livan tried to commit suicide to-night
for the fifth time. She was found at
the - corner of Sixth and Washington
streets to-night after having tried to
take a dose of carbolic acid. She was
taken to the Receiving Hospital and
pumped out by Dr. Kelly, who says
she will recover. She lives with her
brothers at First and Webster streets,
and when ehe becomes despondent al
ways tries Filicide by carbolic acid.
Bricklayers Elect Officers.
OAKLAND, June -16. — The Masons'
and Bricklayers' Union ¦-•¦ elected the
following officers last night for the en
suing term:
President. William J. Baccus; vice present
A. Rolands; recording; secretary. . W. Carter
financial secretary, A. Weble; treasurer. David
Hughes: tniatee, J. Williams; sergeant at
arm*. T. lira In: delegates to conference on or
ganization of new, department of the Central
Labor Council, B. Chubb and J. Tibbln.
Oakland Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, June 15. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Harry B.
Gilchrist, 27. and Jessie E. Roberts.
22. both of Vallejo; Gustaf Wallln, 38,
8an Francisco, and Martha A- Peter
*on, 28. Oakland; George F. Brown,
22. Oakland, and Mabel Mclntyre, 19,
Han Fra.ncisco; Joseph L. Bartlett, 63,
and Mrs. Mamie Bell, 41, both of San
Francisco; Charles E. Wright, over
21. Oakland, and Mary Wright, over
1 8, San Francisco; James O. Staples,
<0. and Nellie Lewis, 34, both of San
Francisco.
BERKELEY, June 16.— Mrs. Simon
Hackley, a woman well known in
church circles in Berkeley and residing
at 2215 Channlng way, sprained her an
kle severely while on an outing trip. to*
Inverness} from which place she has
just returned. She turned her ankle on
some rocks on the shore of Tomales
Bay and suffered great pain for several
hours until members of her party car
ried her to their camp for treatment
She has since been removed to her
home in this city.
Hurt While on Sea Shore.
Falls Down Mine Shaft.
BERKELEY, June 16.— Paul Thelen,
a member of the last graduating class
at the University of California, fell
down the shaft of a mine in Shasta
County a week ago and escaped with a
few bruises. His fall waa more than
fifty feet, but he was saved by striking
a platform during his flight.
OAKLAND, June 16.-— Cabins on
the Bteam schooner North Fork at
Adams wharf were rifled last night
by a thief, who stole $6 50 from R.
Kelly, steward; $14 from J. Findley,
cook: $3 50 from C. Handleman, cook.
John C. Nelson, the watchman, could
not explain how the intruder eluded
him. '
Thief Rifles Cabins.
Cots rx-Constablc's Salary.
OAKLAND. June 16.— Judge George
Samuels gave a decision to-day award
ing the Wellman-Robbins Mercantile
Company 1116. covering Judgments
and attachments levied on former
Constable. Ed Weldler'* salary. Weid
ler resisted, claiming his salary was
exempt from erecutlon, but it was
phown the claim was not raised' In
time.
nSKXf FOB HJS FLIPPANCY.— Alameda.
Jun* IK. — Ri-y Edperton'a flippancy while up
liefor* City Justice B. B. Tappaa to-day on a
< harre of twttertnir an inoCenatve old Chinese,
Wong ,Tla» «t*i the defendant dearly. He was
riven, • severe lecture by hi* Honor for his
unprovoked aswult on the Mongolian and his
impertinent •Ultti'le toward the magistrate and
£&ed f 40. Edcerton paid the fine
BANQUET IN HONOR OF
PIONEER BUSINESS MAN
At the close of the night session the
Reichstag adjourned • to November 23.
with the, understanding that the Em
peror will call a session earlier, in case
the commercial treaty negotiations
render such action imperative.
BERLIN, June 18. — Upon its third
reading to-day the Reichstag expunged
from the law establishing mercantile
arbitration tribunals the provision for
a female ballot, which was adopted
against the protest of the Government
on the second reading. The law was
passed. During the debate upon the
measure one of the speakers jocularly
referreu to the sympathetic attitude of
Countess von Bulow, wife of the Im
perial Chancellor, and Countess von
Posadowski-Wehner, wife of the Min
ister of the Interior, toward the
women's movement, expressing the
hope that these ladies would eoften the
hard hearts of their husbands.
Count von Posadowski-Wehner de
clared it was a duty born of interna
tional politeness to extend a hospitable
greeting to "such distinguished women,
some of whom look back upon glorious
achievements," but the extension of
such greetings did not necessitate the
acceptance of their entire programme,
especially their demand for political
suffrage for women.
BRIDE'S FAREWELL
SANTA ROSA, June 16.— This even
ing Santa Rosa Lodge No. 57, F. and
A. M., celebrated the fiftieth anniver
sary of its existence. The members of
the order, their families and sojourn
ing brethren gathered in the Athe
naeum and participated in a pro
gramme of unusual merit. Among the
distinctive features of the entertain
ment were vocal numbers by Miss
lidith Decker and the Elks' quartet of
San Francisco, violin solos by Miss
Willie Flnley, orchestral numbers by
Parks' orchestra, instrumental selec
tions by Mrs. Arthur V. McNab, and
an admirable oration by Judge E. S.
Lippitt of Petaluma. Mr. Lippltt is a
Mason of over a half-century's stand
ing.
It was one of the finest addresses
which a Santa Rosa audience has been
privileged to listen to in many years.
The following are the officers of Santa
Rosa Lodge: Worshipful master, Wil
liam P. Shearer; senior warden, Ar
thur V, McNab: junior warden. Carl
ton A. Lane; senior deacon, E. R. Saw
yer; Junior deacon, M. S. Davis; treas
urer, J. W. Warboys; secretary, W. H.
Pool; marshal, Vernon Goodwin;'stew
ards, Danville Decker and W. L. Whit
taker; tylers, C. B. Kobes and W. H.
Ahrens. •
Commemorated In a Pleasant
Manner.
Fiftieth Anniversary of the Lodzo Is
SANTA ROSA MASON'S
CELEBRATE JUBILEE
Provision for Ballot Is Ex
punged From Arbitration
' Measure at Third Beading
UNIVtR$riY EVENTS
GERMAN WOMEN
DENIED A VOTE
The stndenta v«»re coachc-d for the
play '»• Wre Hunter of Berkeley. The
ca^t wail as follows:
lira ! in --J. *•••'.•. Jin-* Mamte fctrouJ :
Mi»f Hard< asil*. HIM Marion Sojbolt; Miss
"C»\ Hit, M 1 .-.- K.-ti> Dunbar; maid. Mi*s
Stephanie Guard; Mr. Hardcattle. frank K*iiy;
Tony Lumpkin. lltnr> Isaacs; Younc Mar
i«.»e Ed I'n-.phred: Hastings. Vernon Shee
l>«ri; Sir Charles Marlowe, Oeorce Eachu?:
S-Jlnro (landlord*, Uiyd tUrrold; l)igB<ry.
Kmest Smith; Hnger. Kenneth McKim;
Jfr'nj 1 , Allen Howard.
OAKLAND. June 16.— -She Stoops to
Conquer." O!ivcr Goldsmith's famous
comedy, was presented this even
ing at the Macdonough Tfieater
by the eraduating class of the Oak
land High School, and if a crowded
house and plenty of stirring applause
Ftand for anything, then must stu
dents and *u'ii» a nce have been mutual
ly pleased. The costumes were both
rich and becoming, the girls looking
particularly attractive with patch and
powdered wig. . .
It is a difficult thing for nould-bs
frraduates to prepare for linal exam
inations and to study out the humoi
of a Goldsmith comedy at the same
lime vitb success, but these clever
youn;? people were not lo be daunted,
and thc'.r i-ourage >vas rewarded to
nipht by the unstinted praise of their
friend*, occasionally a line was for
gotten or a bit of "stage business"
overl'Miked, bv.t the audience was in
dultrcnt. remembering the 'ologies an-i
thmps that have been weighing^n the
minds of these young aspirants for
irradiating honors for the last few
months.
Explanations in the Police Court fol
lowed and Lawless was discharged,
while his sifter's husband was sent
back to a cell for three days.
Mrs. Cook decided she had been
n bused, hence the divorce proceedings.
As soon as her husband was released
he discovered that the household be
longings had. disappeared. He claimed
that Lawless had stolen them and in
cluded a lot <jf contracts and docu
ments Cook used in an installment
business. Therefore he swore to a
complaint charging grand larceny.
\V. H. O'Brien. Mrs. Cook's attorney,
says there Is no question that the ef
fects were removed, but, the lawyer
explains, they were taken at the in
stance of Mrs. Cook, who has a legal
claim upon them.
Events led to-day to Lawless' arrest
on complaint of his brother-in-law,
«'ock, en a charge of stealing valuabje
documents from the Cook domicile,
1455 Broadway. Mr. Cook declares this
occurred while he was serving a threw
days' sentence in the City Prison for
drunkenness. During the same interval
Mrs. Cook begun a divorce suit against
her incarcerated spouse, alleging cru
elty.
Matters opened on June 5, when
Lawless was arrested on complaint of
Cook, who said his brother-in-law had
disturbed his peace by raising a row at
the hou?e. lawless was hardly in jail
before Cook was picked up by a police
man for intoxication.
Three arrests and a divorce suit is
the record to date in the disturb
ances that have brought woe and do
mestic upheaval in the family of Mr.
and Mrs. Robert Cook, with William
J. Lawless, Mrs. Cook's brother, a third
party in interest.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 16.
Accused of robbing hundreds of hen
roosts, Frank Tietz was to-day* con
victed by- a jury of burglary in the
first degree and will receive his sen
tence next Saturday. Nearly every
home in the Fruitvale district has had
cause to mourn the loss of carefully
raised broods.^ The stealing was done
by the wholesale, and Phillips & Lease,
poultry, dealers, testified to-day that
they had bought chickens by the dozen
from Tietz and thought he was the pro
prietor of a chicken ranch. Day after
day he made his sales and each night
furnished him with more chickens.
Tietz's downfall came when he went
to the home of John Ruasell. who lives
at Twenty-sixth street and Twenty
second avenue. In a house there he
found thirteen light Brahmas. They
were of a fancy breed and about half
grown and he took them all. He sold
them to Phillips & Lease at Twelfth
and Webster streets for $4. Russell tes
tified to-day that he valued them at
from $5 to $10 each. As soon as he dis
covered his loss Russell started for the
markets and found his chickens at the
first place he visited. Lease had pur
chased the birds only a short time be
fore and was able to give such a de
scription of the man that Detectives
Holland and Quigley soon had Tietz in
custody. He was positively identified
by the dealers as the man who had sold
them birds by the wagon load.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway. June 16.
Alamida County has had a wonderful
growth this y>ar. and the Indications are that
whereas cur total last year was (10S.4U2.731.
\h:t> year the total will reach between $10s.
• OO.OOO and »111, 000.000. This Increase is the
natural inrrtsse of values, and does not Include
th? arsessment of franchises and corporation
lnterettg. What Mr. Dalton in going to do
With ti.ese I do net know. In Oakland alone
th*;-e have been 1530 new houses erected. There
will b<? at UaM a $WX),000 increase in Berkeley # s
assessment and about a $20U,000 Increase in
Alam'rta These figure*, of course, are not
exart. The roll* are in a very Incomplete con
ilfiion, an:i only an estimate can be given.
The rain* k'j>t our work back, and It Is hardly
possible that we will"Jiir\e the work completed
by the fliBt Monday In July.
The footings of figures now being
compiled by Assessor Henry P- Dal
ton indicate an Increase in the natural
value of the property of Alameda
County this year of between . J3.000.000
and $4,000,000. This does not include
the assessment of the^big corporations,
but consists of footings of the figures
as they are taken from the deputies'
field books.
The final Assessor's rolls are far from
being complete, but in an interview
this afternoon Chief Deputy Assessor
Tom Robinson said that this was a
conservative prediction based upon es
timates and comparisons of last year's
figures. In this connection he said:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 16.
Blake admitted on the stand that he
had met Miss Cronin and Pedlar on
the night of the attack, and was cer
tain as to their identity. He denied
that he had beaten the young woman
and also that he had on a coat of light
color on the night of the assault.
Other witnesses who gave testimony
were Chief of Police John Conrad;
Mrs. Blake, mother of the defendant:
Detective ; George Brown, Otto Ley
decker and A. Anderson. Deputy Dis
trict Attorney W. H. L. Hynes prose
cufted and the defendant was repre
sented by Attorney A. L. Frlck. Com
posing the jury of eleven were Paul G.
Buckley, A. J. Ernest. E. J. Bevan, G.
C. Munro, J. K. Hauck, R. Taylor, Wil
liam Betten, H. Toelken, Henry Bram
man, Harry Atwood and John W. Rew.
Blake has still another charge of bat
tery against him, preferred by Miss
Annie Seebeck. v
DENIES HIS GUILT.
Pedlar stopped the youth and asked
him what his name was and where he
was going. Blake gave his correct name
and said that he resided on "Walnut
street, although his home is on Encinal
avenue. Miss Cronin testified that she
was so frightened when Pedlar caught
Blake that she then refused to posi
tively identify him as her assailant, as
she ffared him and dreaded the noto
riety his arrest wojjld bring her. Pedlar
thereupon released Blake and the latter
made haste to get out of sight. It was
not until the 3d of this month that Miss
Cronin swore to the complaint against
Blake, and that after he had been ar
rested for a similar attack on Miss An
nie Seebeck.
Pedlar corroborated Miss Cronin's
testimony in every detail, and told how
his suspicions were aroused when he
and Miss Cronin met the youth, who
was trembling and breathing heavily.
In response to questions asked him
Blake told Pedlar that he was coming
from a car barn on High street, where
he had been feeding a horse. This
statement by Blake was disproved, as
there is no car barn' on or near High
street.
ALAMEDA, June 16.— In the second
trial of Milton Blake, alias -'Jack the
Swatter," to-day the jury failed to
agree and was discharged at 11 o'clock
to-night by Judge Tappan. The jurors
discussed the case for eight Hours, and
six were for conviction, the same as on
the first trial. There were but eleven
jurors. •_-...
Miss Cronin was the first witness >put
on by the prosecution and positively
identified Blake as the person' who at
tacked and beat her on the night of
February 20 on Santa Clara avenue,
near Everett street. She related care
fully and consistently how, after she
had alighted from an electric car at
the corner of Park street and Santa?
Clara avenue, Blake followed her and
when near Everett street grasped her
by the throat and beat and kicked her
until she fell into the gutter. Then,
Miss Cronin said, her assailant ran to
ward BrGadway and she went back to
Park street, where her screams had at
tracted Hie attention of Elmer E. Ped
lar, who consented to accompany her
to the home of Mrs. Franz Collischonn,
2439 Central avenue, where she is em
ployed. When the pair reached the spot
where the attack had occurred they
met Blake coming directly toward
them. Miss Cronin ' informed her es
cort that the person approaching them
was the one who attacked her.
HE STOPPED BLAIIE.
HAYWARD3, June 16.— The Rev.
Father J. A. Lally, pastor of All Saints
parish of Haywards, was thrown from
his carriage and seriously injured this
morning while driving from Haywards
to Castro 'Valley. Through the break-
Ing of the kingbolt of the buggy. Fath
er Lally was thrown forward over the
dashboard upon the hard road. The
accident, was witnessed by a man who
was driving to Haywarda and when he
reached the spot he found Father
Lally unconscious.
The man brought the priest into
Haywards and at once took him to
the parish house. Dr. Reynolds of
Haywards was called and found Fath
er Lally suffering from severe bruises
about the arms and chest and from
internal Injuries. How- serious these
latter injuries are he is as yet unable
to determine. Dr. Reynolds says that
Father Lally will be confined to his
bed for some time.
Miss, Cronin Says He Beat
and Choked Her, but Five
Jurors Balk on Verdict
Oakland Markets Supplied
With Unlimited Poultry
by Misplaced Industry
Cook Family Jars Cause a
Busy Fortnight for Po
lice and the Civil Courts
Well Known Priest Is
Thrown to the Ground and
Is Rendered Unconscious
Oakland Builds 1530 Homes.
Berkeley's Raise -$500,000
and Alameda's $200,000
Loretta C. Brak?nr!dge (widow) to Alma B.
Anderron (widow), lot on E line of Grova
street ICO 3 of Rose, E 120 by 8 43, portion ot
lots 6 and 7. block 4. Graves «nd Taylor Tract.
Berkeley; $10.
Bank of Alameda to Melissa E. Tuttle (wife
of Lyraan P.). lot on N' line or Santa Clara
avenue, 125 E of Sherman »trr»t (since widene't
to eighty feet). E 25 by N 127:R. Alameda; $1l>.
Mary R. and J. R. Clark to California. Ore
gon and Washington Home Builders' Associa
tion, lot on N line of Haight aveuue. 211 E
of its intersection with line dividing Chtpmari
west Ill-acre tract and Auxhir.baugh 22:?-acr«
tract. E 45:3 by N ll**) rortion of said tract.
Alameda; (10.
Annie E. and T. B. Draper to Emma Smith,
lot on H line of Villa avenue »or Fifty-flfth>.
GO W of intersection with extension of S Una
of West Valltjo stre*t S 1"5. W 25, N to* 9
line of Firty-arth. E to beginning, lot 37. hlocic
6, revised map .-an Pablo avenue. Villa Tract.
Emeryville. Oakland Township; $10.
A. J. and Sophie M. S»nyrlfr to J. R. N'orris.
lots 1 to ltf (excepting lots 2 and 3), Snydrr
Tract. Berkeley: $10.
J. X. Bonham to George G. Mackinnon, lot
17, m«p McKlrath Tract, portion plots 43 and
50. V. and I). Peralta Rancno (deed given to
release any claim held by first party under
Judgment from Justice Court of Oakland Town
ship aga'.nut Elsie A. McElratb, transcript
filed May 21. 1!N<4). Oakland; »10.
J. B. Richardson (ex«ctitor) estate of Jana
E. Early to Hat--; F. Lanjtevin (single), lot*
on SE corner of Rose and Canning streets, B
200 by S ICO, lots S to I-', block Q, map r»
suMlvisinn of portion of Robrts and Woliskill
Tract. Oakland: S»~".
H. D. Scribn#r to Walter G. Tibbetts. lot
on E line of St. Charles atr««t, 23u S of San
Antonio avenur, & CT:t> by E lt»\ Alameda:
? 10.
Thomas Picton (widower) to Thomas Plcton
Jr. (son), lot on W lln? of Marshal! street.
130 S of Kifty-r.Inth, S .V> by W 100. lot *.
b!uck 23, map property U M. Beaudry and
G. Peladoau. etc.. Oakland; $3.
McCarthy Company (corp-ratlon* to Frank
Christians, ri. lot 1. bloc* E, Golden Gats
Tract. Oakland: $1<>.
D. E. Rosllng <*in«le) to Albert Currltn.
lot on S line of Villa or Fifty-fifth street. "SO
W of San Pablo avenue. S 107.C0. E" 100. >f
109, W 100. lots XI to 31 and portion 31.
block 6. San Pablo Avenue Villa Tract, Oak
land Township: $10.
C. M. Daly to t,i:iie W. Daly (wife), lot
on E corner of Ka.«t Twenty-second street
and Ninth avenue. N'C 3ix> by SE 30O, Mock
13S. Clinton. East Oakland; cift.
Scott ' F. and Frona A. Orr to C. M. Me-
Leran, lot on S corner of Lincoln and Watson
avenues, SE 257:1, SW 14O. f .N"W 3Jo:5. NU
to beginning:, lots 1 to 8 and lot 20, block E,
Clinton Mound Tract. Brooklyn, redivlded Feb
ruary. 1.369. East Oakland: 910.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
Peter N. Remlllard. lot in cemetery, Oakland
Township; »U25.
Miranda W. and Airo K. Lewis to ZourJ
Hawks (widow). lot on W line of Broadway.
275:8 N of Santa Clara avenue. N 40 by Vf
140:2. portion lots 4 and 5. block 2. Hays
and Caperton property, Alameda ; $10.
F. W. and Gertrude D. Van Slcklen to E<N
ward Archer, lot on X line of Clement avenu*
2<r2:» W n[ Stanford street, \V 36:8 by N
127:6. portion lots 4 and 5. block 1. man re
subdivlslon of blocks 1.. 2 and 3. lands ad
jacent to Enclnal, Alameda, quitclaim dwd;
»1O.
May E. and Edwin J. Fqu!r?» to Mrs. E. J.
Hl.idall (wife of Goorge>. let on S line of
Twenty-first street. 100 W of West, W 45 by
S 10O, lot 17 and j*>rtlon of lot IS. block Z<»:
majority of resubdivision of block 300, Oakland;
$10.
Alameda County.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
SUSPECT IS IDENTIFIED
Macdoiiough the Scene of
Felicitous Presentation of
Goldsmith Vciever Comedy
CROWDS GO TO THEATER
DIVORCE SUIT BROUGHT
HENHOUSES EMPTIED
GAIN OVER LAST YEAR
PIN IN WAGON BREAKS
Husband Charges That His
Belongings Disappeared
While He Lay in Jail
Bev.' Father Lally of Hay
wards Has Very Nar
row Escape/ From Death
Graduates Put on "She
Stoops to. Conquer" With
Great Credit to Themselves
Frank Tietz Often Annexes
Feathered Dainties From
Boosts of His Neighbors
Assessor's Meld Books In
dicate a Large Advance
in the Value of Property
Second Trial of Alleged
"Jack the Swatter" Is a
Disappointment to State
HIGH SCHOOL
PLAY IS COOD
LOSES SPOUSE
AND HIS GOODS
HAS TO HATE
HIS CHICKENS
FIGURES SHOW
BIG INCREASE
BLAKE JURY
CANNOT AGREE
FALLS UNDER
HORSES' HOOFS
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL" FRIDAY, JUNE 17. 1904.
OAKLAND, June 16.— Henry H. Hal
inson, a carpenter, residing at 1226
Thirtieth street, became insane | to-day
and Is now confined at the Receiving
Hospital. Hallnson is suffering- from
religious mania and believes that all
criminals" confined in prison "should be
set free. He will be examined to-mor
row, morning at 11 o'clock. '
Carpenter Becomes Insane.
Maxwell McNutt, the attorney, began
action yesterday for divorce against his
wife, Maud McNutt. He alleges der
sertion as the ground of his complaint.
The custody of the 2-year-old child"
is left to the discretion of the court.
According to the statement of Dr. Mc-
Nutt, the father of the plaintiff, It. is
simply a question of "agreeing to' dis
agree." -' : .
Mrs. McNutt is a member of the
wealthy Treadwell family. She was
divorced some few years ago from
Joseph Nolan.
McXutt Socks Divorce.
CAMBRIDGE,. Mass., June 16. — The
representatives of Harvard and Yale,
who will meet the athletes of Oxford
and Cambridge in London, July 20.
have been chosen," with' the exception
of those who will compete in the quar
ter-mile run and the hammer throw.
The American contestants s'o far de
cided upon are as follows:
100-yard dash — Schick.' Harvard; Torrey.
Tale.
Half mile run— Young, Harvard; Parson*.
Yale. •
"Mile run— Ollcott, Yale: Hill." Tale.
Two mile run — King, Harvard; CWwell, Har
vard.
120 yards, hurdle9 — Bird, Harvard; CJapp,
¦ Hl(?h Jump— Murphy, Harvard; Victor, Yale.
Broad Jump— Hayes, Harvard; Sheffield,
Tale. • '
American Athletes for Europe.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. June 16.
The Board of Education at Its an
nual election to-night of teachers in
the public schools department made
few changes in the roster either of the
primary and' grammar schools or in
the high schools.
In the. primary and. grammar grades
all of. the teachers and. principals were
re-elected except Miss Gertrude 'V.
Williams of the Lafayette School. Di
rector Redington's motion to keep her
name on the list of teachers was lost.
The name of I. D,. Martin, principal of
the Grant School, which had been
omitted from the report of the com
mittee of the whole, was restored by
unanimous vote in open meeting of the
board. No assignments of principals
or of teachers was made. Whether
Principal Martin will be returned to
the Grant School is a question under
consideration.
•>: Miss Eliza Porter Brown, supervisor
of music, was dropped from the/ de
partment, the position having been
abolished.
Mrs. Rose WInterburn, formerly of
Stockton, was elected to the history
department in the Oakland High
School to succeed Ben Weed, resigned.
Mrs. M. M. Goodwin will teach Spanish
for half days in the' high echool. Miss
E. R. Cosby «was elected to the high
school staff. Miss Inez Robinson was
elected to substitute in the high school
in place of Miss Grace Button, whose
leave" of absence was extended six
months. Miss Florence M. Preble will
substitute at the 'Polytechnic High
School In. place of Miss Ruth Wilder,
who was granted six months' leave of
absence. ; •_¦"¦ ¦ ¦. -. ;
All of the Janitors In the department
were re-elected.V .
Only Few Changes Made by
the Board of Education
. for School? *. Department
6
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' "\
Eczema
Salt Rheum, Rineworm, Itch,
Acne, or other skin troubles,
promptly r el ie ved and cored by
This scientific germicide, which
is harmless, cures by killing
disease germs. Used and
endorsed by the medical
profession everywhere. Sold
by leading druggists. If not
at yours, send 25 cents for a
trial bottle. The genuine bears
my signature. Accept no
substitutes. Address
OAKLAND.
10 J1 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALA3IEDA.
1435 Part Street.
Telephone Alameda 4502.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
FREE TO-DAY
Read Ad. on Classified Page.
SEASONABLE GIFTS
Our Sunday Want Ad. Patrons
Receive a
EUREKA FLY PAPER GUARD
And One-Half Dozen Sheets _
STICKY FLY, NET PAPERWilliam White and. Walter Schwartz,
San Franciscans, Arrested in Ohio
/ for Raising; Certificates.
RUNAWAY BOYS GET
INTO SERIOUS TROUBLE
H. W. Hutton, their attorney, said
that his clients were placed in jail
at Panama for refusing to scrub paint
when ordered to do so and that they
refused because it was no~part of a
waiter's duty. ¦;,;.: *
Joseph Gonzalez and Manual Hevia
filed a libel in the United States Dis
trict Court yeste.rday against the Pa
cific Mail Steamship Company to re
cover $66 66 each for wages alleged to
be due them as waiters and for such
damages as to the court may seem
proper for false Imprisonment.
The complaint recites that when
the steamship City of Para, on which
the libelants were employed, arrived
at Panama they were dismissed with
out cause, and, on the complaint of
the master, .were imprisoned in Pan
ama for two days. It is recited fur
ther that Gonzalez was obliged to pay
$50 for his passage from Panama to
this port and that Hevia'^worked his
way.
Refuse to Scrub Paint When Ordered
, by the Master and Arc Thrown
Into Jail. i
WAITERS SUE PACIFIC
MAIL STEAMSHIP COMPANY
If a woman can't keep a secret she
can always find some other^woman to
help.
Gas is still the leading illumination
in Europe, but electricity has surpassed
it in the United States. There are how
four times as many general electric
light stations as there are gas plants.
The property was seized by cus
toms officials in the -fall of 1902 be
cnuse of a failure of the owners. Mrs.
Fannie A. Boettcher nnd Miss M. B.
Murtrie, both of Denver, to mention
them in the declarations prescribed
by the statutes. One of the trunks in
which the undeclared goods had been
found was provided with a false.bot
tom and this fact led the customs
searchers to believe that it had been
the intention of the ladies to smug
gle the goods. For their failure to en
ter the property in the declaration the
Customs Collector fined the ladies an
aggregate of $7000, which they paid
under protest. Both are wealthy so
ciety people of Denver. Miss Mc-
Murtrie has been married since the
affair. . S^^u;
When the libel of condemnation
against one fur rug and several pieces
of silk came up for hearing yesterday
in the United States District Court the
attorney for the rug and the silk asked
for and obtained a postponement until
next Monday.
Wealthy Ladles of Denver Contestins
Payment of n Seven Thousand-
Dollar Fine for Evasion.
SMUGGLING CASE GOES
OVER TILL MONDAY
Says She 13 a Kleptomaniac.
Mrs. Ida Martin, a young married
woman,' 23 years of age, was arrested,
by Special Policemen J. J. Allen and;
\V. A. Tilton at the Emporium last
night. She was booked at the City
Prison on a charge of petty larceny.
Mrs. Martin admits the theft of a
package of spoons, a shirt and some
notions to the value of $7, but says
she was impelled to take them. Her
health is in a delicate state and her
husband lies ill with pneumonia at
their home.
Liverpool has closed one-third of its
saloons during the last ten years, and
so decreased her police force in conse
quence as to have effected an economy
of $40,000 yearly.
The roof garden is a tiptop idea.
HUSBAND ELOPES WHILE
WIFE IS AWAY ON VISIT
Prominent Railroad Clerk In South,
After Spouse Leaves, Goes Away
With Divorced Woman.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, June 16. — X. P.
Akers, clerk in the office of Superin
tendent E. "W. Clark of the Pacific
Coast Railway, eloped on the early
morning . train with Mrs. Robert
Laird. Tickets were bought by Akers
for the City of Mexico. Mrs. Akers
had just departed for a visit East and
Mrs. Laird had recently been given an
interlocutory decree of divorce from
Laird. Akers is prominent in lodge and
business circles and Mrs. Laird is of
an old and respected family.
Break in Ixnee Repaired.
SACRAMENTO. June 16. — The
break in the levee at the Ed ..ards
place, three miles below Sacramento,
was closed at 3:30 o'clock this after
noon. The cost of the work is esti
mated to be about 5100.000.
' The congregation of Ohabai Sha
lome Synagogue on Bush street lis
tened to an Interesting and earnest
sermon by Rev. Montague Cohn Jast
night. Rabbi Cohn comes from Con
gregation Beth Israel of Tacoma,
Wash., and Is a candidate for the of
fice of rabbi of the Bush-street syna
gogue, left vacant by the resignation
of Rabbi Isidore Myers % Therefore
especial interest was taken in the ser
mon. Rabbi Cohn,is.'a small,, dark
featured man of middle age; his words
are forceful and his manner is direct.
The remainder of the evening was de
voted to a musical programme, two
selections, a solo by Cantor Solomon
and a violin solo by Joseph "Willard
were particularly good.' .
' Another candidate. Rev. L. G. Rey
nolds of Salt Lake, will arrive in the
city some time next Week.
RABBI MONTAGUE COIIX
ADDRESSES, CONGREGATION"
Jrdge Hunt of Kelseyville heard the
case and announced that justice would
not feel satisfied with less than $150
with whiyh to sooth the outraged
majesty of the law.
Lea states that Scouler and Lacy
dragged their venison under the house
after dark and attempted to cremate
it in a furnace. Lea smelled the burn
ing meat from where he was waiting
and located the sportsmen, who had
burned but half of the buck.
Scouler and) Lacy, forgot all about
the game laws and went hupting. In
the course of their perambulations
they came upon and slaughtered a
fine buck. The sportsmen removed
the animal to their hotel and before
they could dispose of the carcass it
was learned that Deputy Fish Com
missioner Lea was on their trail. It
had been previously reported that he
was in another county, but the Fish
Commissioners had heard of the
Highland Springs hunters and ordered
him home.
P. H. Lacy and D. Scouler of San
Francisco are reported to have en
countered difficulties at the hands of
the Fish Commission while on their
vacation at Highland Springs, Lake
County. They escaped at an expense
of $150.
Francisco Pay $150 for Killing
Deer Out of Season.
* *
P. II. Lacy and D. Scouler of San
DIFFICULTIES BESET
GAME LAW VIOLATORS
Golden Gate Park, the Cliff House,
Sutro baths and many interesting
spots and phases of life In the city
will be displayed on the screen. Not
able among the views are those of the
San Francisco Fire Department,
which do ample justice to that ef
ficient body.
On Tuesdy evening, June 21. A. W.
Gamble, the well known painter, will
give a lecture on "Composition." Dur
ing the evening slides from the fol
lowing will be shown: The Portland.
Philadelphia, Los Angeles, Columbia
and Hartford clubs. Friends of the
California Camera Club are invited to
attend. t
Visitors to the St. Louis Exposition
are soon- to see the most interesting
features of San Francisco as portrayed
by the kodak. James W. Erwin, the
expert of the California Camera Club,
will leave to-morrow with the display.
To-night he will show his collection
and deliver a lecture on "California
and Its Metropolis" at the Alhambra
Theater.
played at the AHiambra This
Kvenlntj.
The Pictures Selected Will Be Dis-
SEND LOCAL PHOTOGRAPH^
TO ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION
In reference to the previous will of
Jose Guardiola, in which Qfcorge de
Urioste was named as executor, the
latter stated that he withdrew his pe
tition for letters alter he had learned
that si second will had been executed
by Guardiola, and, upon the solicita
tion of Mrs. Cristobal, agreed to give
his attention to Mrs. Cristobal's inter
ests. 1
With reference to the fee* for. the services
that I 'have rendered in this matter there
s«»»'nis to be a difference of opinion between
Mr. Cr:stobal an-J myself, but. as ha« been
alieady published. tills -will probably be
amicably settled between us. Regarding my
tervices. It was Indispensable that I should
eocsult a lawyer, and as Charles Page has'
been my legal representative for years I
ntturally consulted w-ith him. His labors have
been vory arduous and have most certainly
btnefited Mrs. Cristobal. I desire It to be
understood that I have done my very best to
conserve the interests of Mr?. Cristobal In
lic-r father's estate and gay this so that the
general public will not receive any wrong
impression from the statements published.
The announcement published yes
terday of the arrival here from Spain
of Miguel Cristobal of Barcelona, son
in-law of the late Jose Guardiola,
whose local property was sold at auc
tion last week and the statement that
the visitor had questioned the fee
asked by George de Urioste, local Con
sul for the Argentine Republic, for rep
resenting Mrs. Cristobal, daughter of
the late Guardiola. in the distribution
of the latter's estate, has brought forth
a resDonse from Urioste. In connec
tion with the matter George de Urioste
yesterday made the following state
ment;
for the Best Interests of His Old
Friend's Daughter.
George Dc Urioste Declares He Acted
DEFENDS HIS POSITION'
IN GUARDIOLA WILL CASE
The committee in» charge during the
evening comprised W. H. Westerfeld,
chairman; J. P. Faivre and John W.
McKenzie.
It was a gala night for John W.
McKenzie and the McKenzle Musical
Society/last night at Native Sons' Hall
on Mason street. For some years it
has been the custom of the society to
give monthly concerts and for Profes
sor McKenzie. to award testimonials to
the various pupils. Last night the
order of things was reversed and the
professor was the recipient of a hand
some pair of diamond cuff links given
him by the members of his class. A
musical programme of excellent merit,
including solos, duets, quartets and
the full chorus of the society was
rendered under the personal direction
of Professor McKenzie. Following
the musical programme the chairs in
the hall were cleared away and many
couples were soon whirling upon the
floor.
McKenzle Musical Society . During
Concert at Native Sons' Hall
Makes Handsome Gift.
TOKEN OF ESTEEM
PRESENTED BY CLASS
RENO, June 16.— Suspected of witch
craft and blamed for the advent of the
white man into .Nevada, Tom Crow, one
of the oldest Piute Indians on the
Pyramid reservation, located In Es
meralda County, this State, was mur
dered last Saturday and his body
thrown into Walker River. The corpse
floated into Pyramid Lake and was
found.
Dave Brown, a grandson of the mur
dered man, is suspected of the crime.
He had made remarks which apparent
ly fastenedthe murder upon him and
yesterday the Indian police placed him
under arrest. He was taken to Carson,
where he now awaits the action of the
United States Grand Jury.
Special Dispatch to The Call
At tho Occidental Hotel at 6 o'clock
to-night the Sons of the American
Revolution will hold their annual ban
quet. It will not be a dress affair.
Toasts will be responded to by Henry
C. Dibble. R. Reginald Webster, John
II. Hosmer, General Charles A. Cool
idge, U. S. A., retired. Sheldon Kel
logg will read a poem.
Dancing will follow at the con
clusion of the literary exercises and
the train returning will leave Los
Gatos at 5' p. m.
Cnlonri A. D. Cutler. Kdwin Bonnell. Colonel
A. S. Hubbard. S. W. HoIIaday. Judge J. J.
<le Haven. John I. Spear. Edwin A. T. Gal
lagher Aylett R. Cotton. John M. Burnett,
Senator George C. Perkins", A. O. Colton,
George Partridge. A. W. Scott, Daniel T. Cole,
A. L. Adams, E. W. Woodward. I*. S. H.
Roberts. Dr. John Townsend. E. F. Joy, Mrs.
U J. Hardy. Mrs. S. W. tVming. Mrs. J. W.
IVrry. Miss Annie K. Nevers. Professor K.
Krowlton. Robert Collier. Gardiner Sanches.
Ernest A. Leo. James Miller. H. E. Teller and
Gecrre W. Ourwell.
A programme of prize athletic con
tests and games will be run oft
during the afternoon, among which
will be races for children under 12
years, for boys and girls under 15' and
18; young men's race, under 1Q0
yards; ladies* race, married men's and
women's races, three-legged . race,
standing jumps. Two and three'prizes
will be given in each.
Thyfollowing is the committee from
the irarious societies:
A grand celebration In commemora
tion of the battle of Bunker Hill will
be held at Los Gatos to-day. An ex
cursion train will be run, leaving Third
and Townsend streets at 8:30 a. m.
The affair will be under the direc
tion of Edwin Bonnell of the Sons of
the American Revolution, J. J. Spear
of the California Pioneers, A. O. Col
ton of the Sons of Vermont and George
W. Caswell of the Bunker Hill Asso
ciation.
The literary exerclces will be as fol
lows:
Grand patriotic overture. Anthe» Military
Band: prayer, chaplain of the day, Rev. Ernest
Bradley, rector St. Stephen's Church. San
Francisco; opening remarks, president of the
day. Colonel A. D. Cutler, president of the
Hons of the American Revolution; gong. "Sword
of Bunker Hill" <Covert>. Alfred Wilke; ora
tlcn. Edward H. Hart; song, "My Own United
States" (Ed weeds), the Oakland Masonic
Quartet (D. M* Lawrence. II. W. Patrick.
Alfred Wlikie. Wilhelm Nielsen): original
poem. "A Flap of Truce," Professor E. Knowi
ton; soprano solo, "The Star-Spangled Ban
ner" (Key), Mrs. C.reenleaf Kruger: quartet,
"The Heard Round the World" (Emer
son-Steams). th« Oakland Masonic Quartet;
eonjj, "America." audience; benediction, chap-
Iain of the day.
The location of the settlement to be
established will b<» In the vicinity of
Kearny Ftreet and Broadway, a point
close to the county jail and city prison
ar.d In direct contiguity to every spe
cies of vice that flourishes openly in
that region.
For a year the young priest acted as •
curate of the Cathedral Mission of the j
Good Samaritan and In arduous en- !
deavor spent his time in ameliorating !
the condition of the poor which j
thronged the doors of that parish.
In the work of the mission Mr. Mor
gan became cognizant of the depths of
misery and despair to which it is pos- '
Bible for certain elements of the dopu- j
lation to gravitate. Even in the worst I
and most hopelees instances Mr. Mor- '
gan was ever sympathetic and quick
to relieve- His wealth was derived
from an aunt, the famous "Middy" j
Morgan, who as stock reporter for a
New Tork paper gained wide notoriety
for her wonderful Judgment of cattle
as well as for her many eccentricities.
Estimates of the amount of the Rev.
Mr. Morgan's fortune differ widely.
P.y some it Is placed at a million dol- 1
lara
In two years Mr. Morgan was or
dained to the ministry by Bishop
Nichols at the Cathedral Mission. Rev.
Charles E* Gardner, now chaplain of
the Stanford University, being ordained
at the same service.
HIS WORK FOR THE POOR.
v. falthlest and most cultured people in
th? State, for a Quixotic purpose of
henefiting <?uch a region like the Bar
t.ary Coast seems incomprehensible.
Those who know Mr. Morgan inti
mately admit that he is sincere in the
undertaking and is acting from a high
s^ns-c of duty, and they look confident
ly for tangible results.
When curate of the Mission of the
Oood Samaritan no task was too great
for his strength or degraded In its na
ture to evoke his sympathy and assist
nnce. Tho same qualities of persever
ance and practical experience in dealing
with the abandoned, together with
preat determination of character, are
hound to win in a field which his
former ministry in this field has made
perfectly familiar to him.
RESCUE WORK IX LOXDON".
In order to be thoroughly equipped
for the work, Mr. Morgan left for Lon
don a few week? ago, and is now resi
dr-nt in a settlement established in
WhiU'chapel, known as the wickedest
pf-ot in civilization and the scene of the
murderous exploits of '"Jack the Rip
per."
In this precinct of London the Sal
vation Army has proved that even
among the most brutal and degraded
? •f the population there are many that
tan be influenced for good.
The Anglican church has aJso cs
labliEhf-d refuges and settlements there
which havo accomplished wonders.
Upon the same lines Mr. Morgan pro
poses to establish a settlement where
? very one, no matter what the past
lias been, may find spiritual and bodily
( omfo'rt and encouragement fer a bet
ter life. Mr. Morgan, it is said, pro
poses to devote his large income to
tlii? purpose.
The project is. to a certain extent,
independent of diocesan control, or will
be considered so until the experiment
is given a fair trial.
Mr. Morgan belongs (o the high
church party und holds most advanced
opinions as to the prerogatives of his
church.
CAPABLK OF ANT SACRIFICE.
He is capable of any sacrifice and
mill not spare himself where the end
Justifies. He has the tpirit of an Ig
natius, the devotion of a monk and
thf? strength of a martyr.
Few yo-ung clergymen who have' in
times past officiated in Kplscopal
< hurchos of this city are remembered
more agreeably than the Rev. Edward
Morgan.
A member "f "no of the most prom
inent families of Ireland, whose an
«r-.stral homo is one of the most hc/s
j>;Tablf» and extensive in all its borders,
Mr. Morgan was parly accustomed to
ail tho refinement* and luxury which
unlimited wealth and the most polished
society of his native land could afford.
Tears apo the family purchased a large
raneh in Texas and stocked it with
the finest breed of cattle that could be
had. but the life was c-ne that did not
attract the young Irishman and after
;i year's experience of the uncongenial
life of a cattleman he abandoned Texas
and naturally sought California. By
profession a student and always at
tached to the church, he determined to
study for the minifctry and In time pre
pared to enter the Episcopal Divinity
School at San Mateo.
ministrator, bertdes, forsaking a con
gregation that embraces some of the
The report, which is current among
EpiBcopailans, that the Rev. Edward
Morgan, until recently rector of St.
Paul's Church, Bakersfield, had deter
mined to return to this city and volun
tarily assume ministerial work on the
Barbary Coast and henceforward to de
vote his energies and large means to
rescue the downfallen and uplift the
v. eak-hearted in that notorious section
6t the city is confirmed.
Before many weeks a settlement on
the lines of the one started by Oxford
s-tudents in the darkest part of London
will be ooened under Mr. Morgan's
charge, and all who seek refuge, no
matter what their past life may have
been, will be welcomed and the way to
better things pointed out.
The friends of the young priest— and
there are multitudes of them— are much
astonished. No clergyman of the dio
cese of California had finer prospects
for a distinguished career. Polished in
manners, a student of fine scholarship
and an aristocrat by heredity, the Rev.
Mr. Morgan seemed best fitted for a
rich city church, and to relinquish a
fine parish, where he displayed the tal
ents of a successful preacher and ad-
FRESNO, June 16. — Frank B. Thomp
son, aged 66, and his brother Uriah,
aged 75, clasped each other In their
arm^ to-day and rejoiced, for they had
not seen or heard of each other for
fifty-one years. Uriah left .their native
State of Arkansas in 1853 and came
West to California. .When the Civil
War broke out both brothers enlisted
in the Union ranks and served three
years. Uriah returned to California,
and in 1875 Frank also came West.
They had heard nothing of each other
during all these years. Frank supposed
his brother had been dead .for some
thirty years, while Uriah had been in
the Soldiers' Home In Southern Cali
fornia and for forty- five years had
neither seen nor heard of a relative.
It was by accident that Frank
learned that his brother was in the
Soldiers' Home. A friend of Uriah no
ticed the resemblance, and through a
conversation Frank found that his
brother had visited friends in Fresno.
He at once sent for him to come to
Fresno.
Pp»clal Dispatch to The Call.
Rev. E. Morgan to Establish
Settlement on Plan of One
in Whitechapel, London
Suspicion Directed Against
Relative of Dead Man Be
cause of Remarks He Made
Entertaining Literary and
Musical Programme of Ex
ercises Will Be Furnished
Description by Friend of
Inmate of Soldiers' Home
Causes a Strange Reunion
VETERANS OF CIVIL WAR
REPUTED A3IILLI0XAIRE
PRIZE GAMES AM) BfACES
GEANDS0N IS ARRESTED
Clergyman Besigns a Bich
Parish to Devote Life and
Wealth to Kescue Work
Anniversary Ceremonies of
the Evolutionary Battle
at Los Gatos Park To-Day
Brothers Separated for More
Than Half a Century
Clasp Hands at Fresno
Aged Indian, Suspected of
Witchcraft, Killed and His
Body Thrown Into Eiver
WOULD PURIFY
BARBARY COAST
MEET AFTER
MANY YEARS
BUNKER HILL
CELEBRATION
PIUTE CHIEF
IS MURDERED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. FRIDAY, JUNE .17, 1904.
The Suttej-strect Cluto will endeavor
to fmpi'ove the pavingr on that street. A
preat Improvement in tne home may be
made by purchasing a gas range from
£. F. Gas & Electric Co., 416 Post et. •
F^fdrriek I. llonson. the ttpII
known ethnologist, gave a..vpry inter
osiins lecture last night iit* the jinks
room of the Press Club. Views of In
dian life and prehistoric ruins taken
by Monson during his latest trip to
Mexico and Arizona were reproduced
ofl the screen. The collection of pic
tures is probably the most valuable of
th<? kind In existenoe. The entertain
ment was interspersed with selections
by club talent Monson will shortly
leave for his regular lecture tour in
the East.
Ivcctnre at the Press Club.
White' resided with his, parents at
2229 Sutter street in this city. The
father, of young- Schwartz is employed
as a clerk in the quartermaster's de
purtment of the army in this city.
¦ A special dispatch from Cincinnati,
Ohio, states that William J. White
and Walter E. Schwartz, -young men,
residents of San Francisco, have been
held to answer before the United
States Grand Jury of that district on
a- charge of having raised United
States $1 silver certificates to $10
and of having passed them. The Grand
Jury will not meet until October and
the* bonds of the prisoners have been
fixed at $2000 each.
The boys are not, more than 20
years of age. . They, ran away from
home a short time ago to visit the ex
position at St. Louis and it is supposed
that.thelr money gave out when they
reacned i Cincinnati* and they were
obliged to resort to tampering with the
Government currency. . :
7
AT>trpraTTg"Fr > 1 KN'I'ff.
sfsitfftdii iS %^ home can be completely
xr 111^IJi M m \3 a PPy without them, yet the
ordeal through which the ex»
N<B@Hf|ET^ifK pectant mother must pass usually in
*^PraB@B H^ so full of suffering, danger and fear
at s^ e l 00^ forward to the critical
hour with apprehension and dread.
Mother's Friend, by its penetrating and soothing properties,
allays nausea, neryousness, and all unpleasant feelings, and
so prepares the system for the
have testified and said, "it is 4
worth its weight in gold." $1.00 per M^HftHi^1^&if§
bottle of druggists. Book containing vjT w 11 §1 Halm
valuable information mailed free. B M Hi^^MM xH
THE BRADriELD RE6UUT0R CO.. Atlanta. 6*.
H \ !lffif$jl&$Kx$^ 7 Ii r " * we:k or *° f * rnbbtr " ths f ik --
a J^ffi^kJai^£'TOVWgL^ ° — "A B»Ua4 oftke Pikf," by VViIIjc- Ir^la. Cffif. •
H, S^PSSj. '^^j^yB r:{hted ky CoUJer'i Weekly.' Publiti;* by perauuea. '
iffi m To St. Louis and Return
B IS/ \ fill Mir tt,ii,i|; Jnaei,»,i5.t6,i»,ij; July i,i,7,l,i{,i^
MIWJ M * n\l^ Ao r ut *»9»'°'.''»»9; September J,6,7,J; October j,'4,j,6.
mill I m Take the Rock Island Syitem and you go
J! ¦(( / vJ\Lm t k ro * w i t^'°'' ut c I"* n g e « Scenic or Southern
* I L:ne, as preferred. Standard and tourist
ffj^^\mu$^ WJeSSlJff sleeping cars; dining cars. Trains stop at
: :> ADVEBTISESEENTS.
Colds
La Grippe
Catarrh
Positively cured with Dr. Ha!-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine*
or your money returned. Price,
50c and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
_¦_ -'-'_'_ : _ '/_¦'_ _ - "- """'."' PBAOEB8 ' ' ' ' _ . _"
Four Great Specials for ffiday Only
Superb SMrt Waist Bargain -SSS.
— M — *^—^ MM "'^ MM '^'' M "" ... J[ materials. Thess prices are lower
x^5^k 'T^ HIS is a lot of waists bought than ever offered in any othir sto.e
|j|p|$£pl X by our buyer on his last trip in the cit >'- SII , XS
East - They have just ar- g*^ *^ a' yard— 36-inch
1 rived. There are some wonder- ||H f£J3 black taffeta
S^g fully beautiful waists in the stock #%g* $& S weave
/4/fJ////ry>^ / an d the prices are so low that the !^r^ an d* extra fine
/fjyy///y?/£\ bargain is without equal. .., finish. It is
/[//// 'I If 1/ j£ \ ) never sold for less than $1.35 a yard.
till II -I H II Kl \ .JggB jtfgy Five hundred An exceptional value:
v\r 7 / / *//V \ gjf« etamine waists, A a«S a yard — Loui-
\ * I '» ' // V«2L \ JB O^ in r e d - bIack - J%1 isC 5ine siIk3; bIack
\\\ \\ f/"IJy M Jsf iL a white, c h a m- #H« »^ and wn >te pin
\MVgJ|CX^,^, «* "^ pagne, Oxford fcJS f\ + checks.. These
V^p^'^pi^^y are made with pleats and trimmed r demand i o r
s^,lk^?v^a w ' 1^ m 'l' tar y buttons and are con-' shirt waist suit?, which are so much
W^Cs * sidered very swell throughout the worn this season. It is a soft, cling-
m$ East. They are worth $2.00. Spe- ing fabric, with very brilliant finish.
< **¦*-& '»¦ cial' for Friday only. Valued at 69c a yard.
Fireworks %]% •> Boys*
1145-1147 HT At U-4YS RFI IAFII F ' mf*J\* ii tt i e fdlows;
Market, Street. H ALWAYS RELlABLfc s5zcs 6 to I2 years Thcy
Near Central Theater. | *MZ38 4<S5UI*lAKttJ^ 1 SI~~| ,„ th down th
1 ' "— ¦ — ¦* iront, have cuffs attached
send for catalogue. AH the Shopping Inducements That Have J"^ c tw ? n^l la fi r s " ures T and
Country Orders Filled. ' Made This Store Popular Are Still Here, stripes. Reguiar price 50c.
ADVZBTISEMENTS.
v0?5^y Eight great floors filled with samples only. Two mammoth ware-
h ° us es packed to the roof with duplicate stock give us the key to _/^^P^^^^&^^
r^F553i™SEiS^^ l ** e furniture situation on the Ccast. A : l the worthy makes repre-
[P^iiSp^r sented. Always remember- Your Credit Is Good. "Nuf-Ced." S[|^i|^^Mj
SX&EBOABD — Solid oak( go i d ~~ fim ? sh>
onv tSn lde three draw"™' 3-Piece Parlor suit. Mahogany finished frame. panel sides, b com-
S5 t ««»5fou* ra 'SS Panel back. Beautifully carved. Upholstered in a" W ei, mlde r PHcV 81
board, bevel pUte rnlr- w h grade of figurcd Verona. Best Steel Spring. Price .... CfiQC
;%«•>::. S* 9*50 $22.75. ; *"* •ifr
The acme of elegance in floor coverings. Every worthy make represented. We show hundreds of pat-
terns, many of them exclusive designs. All we ask is that you look. We are sure of your patronage.-**'
B&IS " S^fMkiM a El ™ «3 a n **? flk \SB ifii
EaX>S^_ -adfca^^— _ .^ -*mSr /BBI^ t^^^^
mj| 1 *\J E3i H 9 jsjta 9 K33 Kb la i w 13 *^Jgjjy (JEShT ft ifflB
FSrajvuM JlroTri— <iilMri^ JWtriniHiTaMni'flLTTPii^k— iilt **^Bft <nf§• Special Information supplied daily to
business bouses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 23d Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Mala 1042. •
Townsend's California Glaca fruits in
artistic flre-«tched boxes. 715 Market St.*
New York has discovered a man who. is the unfortu
nate host of a tumorous growth where his heart ought
to be/and there is much ado among the learned doctors
and a wagging of wise tongues at the discovery.. The
affair is not worth the hubbub of discussion"" There are
many men in the United States that have an unnatural
excrescence in the place where their hearts ought to be.
The strenuous life, par excellence, seems to be Colo
rado's portion these days with strikes, rebellion, riots
and train robberies. If the State is not to bring herself
into lasting disrepute with her sisters in the Union it is
high time that she expend her excess energy in" the arts
of peace. Why not bid for a World's Fair and then
fight over its affairs? Such a plan would at least keep,
some people out of serious mischief.
DRAPING THE FLAG— H. J. M.,
City. If the American flag is to be
displayed in a lodgeroom on the altar
thereof the blue field should be toward
the head of the hall or station of the
presiding officer, and the Geld to he on
the right of the altar as a person ap
proaches it. If there Is a single
flag used In,- a hall for decorative pur
poses, the- blue field should be In the
center of the wall on which it is to be
displayed and may be hung so that the
stripes may be either to the right or
left of the center, but if two flags are
used for decorative purposes, the blue
fields should be side by side, with the
stripes to the right and the left of the
center.
Professional pugilism, by decree of the most influen
tial athletic club in Oakland, appears to be doomed in
the pretty town on the eastern shore of the bay, and her
credit for self-respect has advanced several notches.
San Francisco is too large, too negligent of its best
interests and too tolerant of evil influences to follow an
excellent example well made. We can, however, plead
ignorance of conditions to support our refusal to im
prove.
CITY DEEDS— R. B.. City. What
are known as city deeds are obtained
from the Board of San Francisco Su
pervisors under the provfsions of two
ordinances relating pueblo lands.
These are given to make title perfect
to lands that were ceded as a pueblo
at the time that San Francisco was
Yerba Buena, and known then four
square leagues above high water mark.
The deeds are for land within Islais
Creek to Twenty-sixth street, to San
Jose avenue, along the easterly line of
the oia San Miguel Rancho to W street
and the ocean. For additional infor
mation apply at the clerk's office.
Board of Supervisors.
The Czar of Russia has given his sanction to the con
struction of twenty-six more battle-ships for the Rus
sian navy. To an ordinary observer who has followed
the implacable course of the Japanese fighting sailors
this looks as if Nicholas wants to have at least a few
ships, even for display, after the cruel war is over and
the greedy, onlooking powers have determined what
each of the warring nations shall receive as the prize
PHARMACY— F. O. B.. Petaluma.
Cal. The College of Pharmacy of tha
University of California is in the Af
filiated Colleges, south of Golden Gate
Park. The department of pharmacy of
the College of Physicians and Surgeons
Is on Fourteenth street, between Mis
sion and Valencia,-
Santa Cruz, one of the prettiest and most progressive
of California's cities, has taken inspiration for new life,
renewed energy and higher progress. Her citizens arfc
in enthusiastic unity to make their town a necessary
place to go to if one must see and have the best. Great
improvements have been made and more are contem
plated. This is good for Santa Cruz and healthful to
the State. The success of every community in Califor
nia is of vital concern to the entire State. .
"It should be remembered that "there
are several dlsUnct' nations of Patago
nians, not including the Araucanians
on the north nor the Fuegoans on the
south, and that each nation has distin
guishing characteristics. The Indians
that we see 'slouching about Punta
Arenas and the country between there
and Santa Cruz are the Southern Te
hueleches. The 'giants/ If there ever
were any Patagonians deserving the
name, were found among this tribe,
who are much taller and more slender
Concerning the reputed giant race of
TIerra del Fuego, a writer In the Deseret
News says: .
Unknqzvn Patagonians.
"All his suite were dressed and pow
dered in the most showy manner, but
Bonaparte himself wore a plain green
coat with a narrow white cloth edging
at the seams, such as servants in this
country sometimes wear, and a cocked
hat without any lace. His hair is very
black, and is cropped quite close to his
head and neck, so that his ears are all
bare. It falls dowivover his brow. His
complexion is swarthy, his face long, a
fine nose, his eyes are very dark and
his eyebrows fall, or are drawn down,
much over his ey.es. His cheek bones
are high, and his cheeks sink between
the bones of the face and those of the
chin, which gives him a wasted, con
sumptive look. His upper lip projects.
In the middle of his mouth, considera
bly over the under one, and his chin is
sharp and prominent. He does not
seem to be above 5 foot 6. and is very
thin. He Is 33 years of age. To me he
appeared to have the look of anxiety,
or rather of terror. He was mounted
on a beautiful Arabian gray horse, one
of the most perfect animals I ever
saw." . - ,
There is a picturesque glimpse of
Bonaparte to be found in the diary of
a visit to Paris made by a Scotchman,
Robert Sym, in 1802. This diary, which
is worth reading in full, appears in the
June "Longmans." The writer and
his traveling companions saw the Cor
aican at a review:
Pen Sketch of Bonaparte.
GRAVITATION— F. A. E.. City. This
department does not solve problems. If
you will go to the Free Public Library
and consult the Encyclopedia Brltan
nica on the subject. of gravitation you
will there find the information you de
sire.
CONCLAVE— X. Q. Z.. City. The
year in which the Knights Templar
had their Triennial Conclave in San
Francisco, prior to the present year,
was in 18S3. The conclave opened Au
gust 20.
Ansivers to Queries.
Out of the darkness flash me a song:.
Brightly dark and darkly bright:
Let it sweep as a lone star sweeps along
The mythical shadows of the night.
Sing it sweet.
My soul to greet
Where nothing is drear, or dark, or dim.
And earth-song soars into heavenly
hymn.
— Father Ryan in Pittsburg Dispatch.
Out of the stillness in your heart —
A thousand songs are sleeping there —
Wake me a song, thou child of art!
The song of a hope in a last despair.
Dark and low.
A chant of woe.
Out of; the stillness, tone by tone.
Cold as a snowflake, low as a moan.
Out of the silences wake me a song.
Beautiful, sad, and soft and low;
Let the loveliest music sound along.
And wing each note with a wail of
woe
Dim and drear.
And hope's last tear.
Out of the silences wake, me a hymn.
Whose sounds are like shadows, soft
and dim.
JVake Me a Song.
ginning to worry and to deepen the
tinge of his profanity.
Then a messenger boy arrived with a
note which read as follows:
"Jail!
"Bail?
"Hale."
Senator Stone of Missouri tells a
story illustrating the differences of
pronunciation in different parts of the
country. "It Is related," says the Sen
ator, "that when the first tide of New
England settlers began to drift to Kan
sas, Missourians tied a cow at each,
crossing of the Missouri River. If the
emigrant said 'cow* he was permitted
to cross, but if he pronounced It 'keow*
he was told to return to the East, be
cause the natives were satisfied that
he was an evil-minded abolitionist.
The Kansas people evened up by tying
a bear on their side of the river and if
the emigrant said 'bear' he was given
the right hand of fellowship, but if he
pronounced it 'bar' he was given an
hour to get back to Missouri, because
he was an advocate of slavery."— New
York Tribune.
What's in a Word?
THEN A MESSENGER BOT AR
RIVED WITH A NOTE: "JAIL'.
BAIL? HALE."
KASAWAKA, a Japanese student at Yale, con
tributes to a recent number of the Yale Re
• view an article upon the economic aspects of
the present war in the Far East which is well calculated
to.open^the eyes of thinking people to the tremen
dous stake for which the Mikado's empire is fighting.
That Japan, above all other nations whose interests
turn them to the Oriental trade, is fighting for the open
door in China and Manchuria with the desperation that
comes of a threatened national paralysis is the word sent
forth in this well-conceived article of the Yale student.
"Should the markets of East Asia be closed," says the
writer, "Japan's national life would be paralyzed, as
her growing population would be deprived of its food
and occupation." This is because of several changes of
strong economic significance that have come over the
'Japanese empire within the last twenty-five years. An
enormous increase in her population is the fundamental
cause of the rapid transformations that have been made
in industrial and trade conditions. Twenty-five years
ago the population was estimated at 27,200,000; at the
present time the Mikado, has in his empire over 47,000,
000 souls. As a consequence in the foreign trade of
Japan alone the increase for the last quarter century
has been from 49,742,831 yen to almost 600,700,000 yen.
This enormous increase in population and the extent
of commerce" has brought it about that from the agri
cultural nation of twenty-five years ago Japan has be
come like England, an industrial nation whose agricul
tural resources fail of keeping it in a self-supporting
state. The great increase of manufacturing takes away
from the rural population to add to the cities. Raw mate
rial cannot be produced fast enough to supply the de
mand of the manufacturers. Through nearby markets
only can disposition of the surplus production be made
with the facility demanded by economic expediency. In
a word, Japan must grow through untrammeled trade
with her eastern neighbors, else she will be choked with
her own activity.
In his recent appeal to the American people for their
sympathy in behalf of Russia, Count Cassini, the Czar's
representative at Washington, frankly stated that should
Japan be beaten it could expect to be shut out entirely
from the gates of the Asiatic trade, while other nations
would enjoy the favor of the open door at the benefi
cent hand of Russia. Should Japan win it is certain that
not alone the other nations but Russia through her Si
berian possessions will be the gainers. For a Japanese
victory must mean redoubled activity in the Oriental
trade. The pent-up forces of industrial energy, if once
given free let in Korea, and China, must
establish a market of tremendous potentiality.
THE ECONOMIC STAKE IN THE EAST.
By order of the bankers of New Haven all bank clerks
in their service must take an annual vacation of two
weeks. This decision is the prompting of strict business
logic and not of sentiment. And yet Russell Sage lives,
moves and must have his being in an atmosphere where
everybody has a spell of rest and recreation forced upon
him as a matter of duty. This is cruel to the old man.
"Then there are the Chenna Pata
gones, who inhabit the higher altitudes
and who differ both In language and
physical aspect from the other tribes,
are less lazy and erratic. They are
3cmetimes called Manzeneros, because
their headquarters are at a place, called
Las Manzanas (the apples), where the
Jesuits formerly had a mission and
planted a great many apple trees. The
Indians own sheep, cattle and horses in
the sheltered valleys of the Cordilleras
and make very good cider from the
fruit of the trees that the old friars
planted. They also brew an Intoxicat
ing drink from the beans of the alga
roba, which is in demand all over the
country«"
than any of their neighbors and have a
different complexion, being red like the
North American Indians, rather than
muddy brown, like the South Ameri
cans. They are excessively dirty, lazy
and . treacherous, fond of personal
adornment made out of bones, shells,
beads and silver (gold, strangely
enough, they do not like), and they are
ready at any time to barter all their
earthly possessions— wives, horses, even
the few garments that cover their
nakedness— for a little 'firewater.*
"The 'Pampas Patagones. 1 so called
because they inhabit the vast pampas
or plains to the north, are subdivided
into four tribes, known, respectively, as
Puelches. or 'Eastern People'— the word
puel meaning east anfl che people: the
'Plcunches/ picun meaning north; the
'Pechtenches,' or 'people of the pines' —
pechten meaning pine tree, and the
'Ranqueles,' or those who dwell among
the thistle beds, from ranquel, a this
tle. Though not quite so degraded as
their southern brothers, perhaps be
cause farther removed from civiliza
tion, they are treacherous, cowardly
and quarrelsome to a degree. But they
are not beggars; they live by the chase
and by plunder, bartering all to un
scrupulous white traders for rum and
trinkets.
montag," which ran for only four
rights. To fill in "Saturday to Mon
day" was hastily arrounced. The part
of Lady Diana was originally written
for Mrs. Charles Calvert, but as that
actress was under engagement at an
other theater this role was given to a
rather inexperienced actress, who on
the first night forgot her part and in
the first act left out two whole pages
of explanation of the why and where
fore of the play. This appalling gap
in the story not only paralyzed the un
fortunate actress, but every one -else
and the first act was taken so slowly
that no one in the audience dreamed
that the play was supposedly farcical.
Recovering themselves somewhat in
the interval the actors started on the
second act and further regaining their
spirits went to the other extreme and
rollicked through the play for all they
were worth. The audience became
more and more puzzled and left the
theater in a somewhat resentful mood.
Not to be outdone by circumstances,
however, Alexander continued the
play, which is now going strong and
Ro xalt v Unadorned.
J i I>ecI*l Correspondence
BRUSSELS, June 1. — It ia not often
that a chance is afforded of gazing
upon unclothed royalty, but one is
THERE is great difference and great variety of,
opinion as to the legal phases of the situation in
Colorado. There are charges and counter-charges
involving the action of politicians and of the Miners'
Union. There is a justifiable aversion in this country
to the existence of military rule anywhere, and nothing
is easier than to excite bitter opposition thereto; but
there exists also a set determination to resist and op
pose rule equally arbitrary, that has not the excuse of
public authority.
The mining region of Colorado that has been for more
than a year the seat of these troubles was, on the face
of the record, subjected to the arbitrary government of
the union miners. Without hindrance by the civil au
thorities those mistaken men had dipped deeply into
crimes. They had rounded up non-union workmen and
deported them from the district, marching them over
iStony trails, murdering many, and indulging in acts of
extreme inhumanity. Their . policy was systematically
carried out. Men were blown into pieces with dynamite.
Owners of mines were assassinated. Mining property
was seized and held against the rights of its lawful own
ers, and a reign of terror was established and main
tained.
The civil law was utterly powerless to protect person
and property, or to punish those who willfully and openly
and daily violated the rights of both. This failure of
the law was due to the fact that the civil officers, in
cluding judges of the courts, were either members of, or
controlled by, the organization that was violating the
law. The Governor of the State finally extended the
arm of executive power and his military authority into
the disturbed district. Order was restored. Mines were
reopened and worked with a full force, and the indica
tions were that the law had been reinstated, and that
the natural and constitutional rights of men were re
stored. Then the Governor .withdrew the troops and the
region again returned to the administration of its civil
officers. Immediately the reign of terror began again.
After some preliminary violations of the law. which were
winked at by the civil authorities, there occurred one of
the most appalling crimes, in the dynamiting to death
of nearly a score of non-union miners, as they quit work
on the night shift and proceeded to their homes.
Look at is as one may. it is of common knowledge
that if the perpetrators of this crime had stood in the
open while doing this wholesale murder they were safe
from punishment. The far-reaching sentiment of ap-*
proval of their act was uttered by a Democratic politi
cian, a delegate to the State convention, who, on hear
ing the news, said: "On general principles I haven't any
sympathy to waste on the fellows who were blown up —
they were working on other men's jobs."
This act was the culmination of events. Either the
State of Colorado must assent to the abdication of the
civil law, and turn the district over to be governed by
a secret organization, which marked inoffensive men for
death and property for destruction, or the State must
act, and how? There was but one way and that was
chosen by the Governor, who ordered the military there
to restore order. The members of the secret organiza
tion were arrested and deported from the district. The
validity of the Governor's act was taken immediately to
the courts, and the Supreme Court decided that his au
thority was ample and that he had proceeded according
to the law of the 3tate. /
We are endeavoring to state merely the record, with
out criticism of any one. But those who decry the Gov
ernor's action must say. frankly, what other course was
legally possible. When a district has elected, Jo admin
ister the law, the members of an oath-bound organiza
tion that violates the law, and when those officers give
the weight of their authority to support such violation,
is there no power in the State to vindicate the law? If
there is not, then the mining regions of Colorado are
separated not only from the State but from the National
Government.
A secret organization is exercising therein the powers
of sovereignty. It is a sovereignty absolute and more
autocratic than any other on earth. It has no trial by
jury, no habeas corpus, in its system. The principles of
law and equity are unknown to it, and it arbitrarily de
cides who may work or who must starve, and who may
do business there and under what conditions. It exer
cises all of the functions of government and others which
no Government ever claimed.
It is no answer to say that it would secure peace to
the people on condition that every one in its novel
jurisdiction submitted to it, and all who did so would be
protected :n their life, liberty and pursuit of happiness.
When all that is conceded, it • is conceded also that
i wherever men are strong enough to do the same they
i have the right to expel republican government, to deny
I the right of a minority to live at all, and to declare that
there is no such thing as a constitutional guarantee.
The Declaration of Independence says: "We hold
these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created
equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with cer
tain inalienable rights; that amongst these are life, liberty
and the pursuit of happiness; ¦', that to secure these rights
governments are instituted amongst men, deriving their
just powers from the consent of the governed." All
men have these rights, not the majority of men in any
certain district, but the minority as well. When the
majority claim them, but deny them to the minority,
there is defiance of the fundamental principle of civil lib
erty. When this occurred in Colorado and the denial
was accentuated by dynamite murder, what was the
proper course for the State? * r ;
LITTLE PRHCCE <~HAHI.KS OF BELGIUM, SECOND SON OF THE HEIR AP
PARENT TO THE THRONE. WHO HESITATES NOT TO APPEAR IN UN
DRESS IN HIS MOTHER'S ARMS.
provided bv the accompanying photo
irriirh. which baa just, been taken of
the infant Prin<o Charles of Belgium
|ti the arms of his young mother. Prin
cess Albert. A bouncing, fine young-
Fter he is, too. as his picture clearly
phous, and did his lofty birth permit
such an exhibition would stand a good 1
* nance of capturing first prize in a I
baby show on his own merits. Of
course, the "altogether" toilet in
which he appears is due to no paucity
in the royal wardrobe, but to com
mendable maternal pride in his many
fine points. As a matter of fact, much
of the finest Brussels and Flemish
jioir.t lace obtainable has been used
in' the making of his numerous lone:
eiothes, cloaks and hoods, and when
he takes his airings very little of him
is visible..
He is the second son of Prince A1--
Isert. Belgium's future King, and who,
report said recently, would represent
his country at St. Louis this summer.
J'rince Charles' mother is a daughter
«f the oculist Duke, Charles Theodore
"I Belgium, who trained her to help
i-.im in his work and assist at opera
tions. But though a very clever
woman and an ardent sportswoman,
loo. she is a fond and devoted mother,
as is charmingly revealed in her pic
ture. Nor is her attachment to chil
dren confined to her own offspring.
Once, accompanied by Prince Albert,
t=he visited the hospital of St. Pierre,
having announced her intention of
charging herself with the support and
education of six of the little destitute
girls there. But before she had con
cluded her rounds she had adopted a
dozen of the small maidens, to their,
great delight. Prince Albert Is a stu
dious man and a good all-round sol
dier and bids fair to make an excel
lent King, but with the Belgians his
wife is far the more popular of the
two. It was a lucky day for him when
he married her.
Reginald Vanderbilt has been making himself as elu
sive as a needle in a haystack trying to dodge legal ser
vice that will force him to testify against a notoriously
clever and crooked .gambler of New York. Reginald is
to be complimented on the courage of his conviction
that it is better to bear in silence the loss of a few dol
lars than suffer the publicity of being proved a fool.
ANARCHISTS EXCLUDED.
The London Stage.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL.
5 HENRIETTA STREET. COVENT
GARDEN. LONDON. June 3. — Amer
ica is to see the play "Saturday to
Monday," which is now filling to over
flowing the St. James, London's most
fashionable theater, and which has
had a curious history. When it first
was produced the London critics with
one voice condemned it. They saw
nothing good in the play and nothing
;.:uo(3 in the acting', while the general
public wondered what it was all
about. There was, however, some ex
cuse. Although George Alexander
had had it for some. two years, "Sat
urday to Monday? had only Just gone
into rehearsal at the time that the
manager put on the 111 fated "Rosen-
FOR nearly a year there has been much agitation
over the proceedings to exclude from this country
one Turner, an English anarchist. Organizations
have espoused his cause and have denounced the attempt
to exclude him as a denial of the right of free speech.
At last his case has reached the Supreme Court of the
United States, where a unanimous decision upholds the
immigration officers in sending: him back.
In answer to the argument that his deportation would
be a violation of the constitutional guaranty of freedom
of speech, the court says that the constitution was made
for the people. living in this country. Its guarantees of
personal liberty are for their protection, and no foreign
er seeking to enter the country in opposition to its laws
can claim any rights under the constitution at all. They
•I,:'* •
ppems to be in for a long run. Its
part author, Richard Pryce, has been
known to Americans for several years
as a promising writer of stories.
"Princess Poppae" was, Mr. Pryce
tells me, his first success at home.
This was followed by the rather ugly
story of "Miss Weatherby," but of late
years perhaps Pryce is best known as
the author of "Elementary Jane."
As his name suggests, Mr. Pryce is
a "Welshman. He was in the Bank of
England when he first began to write,
but after his American and British
recognition the time came when he
found he would have to give up either
his literary work or the bank. So he
left the bank. Now Mr. Pryce has
two other plays ready for production.
Mr. Frohman, putting in his usual
time on this side of the water, is, as
active as ever. London playgoers
have been anxious for some time to
see which of the London managers
would take over a new playhouse
which is being built in Shaftesbury
avenue and now it is announced that
the American Impresario will have it.
Mr. Frohman ran over to Paris a few
days ago and while there secured the
American rights in "The Third Moon,"
the Chinese comedy by the authoress
of "The Marriage of Kitty," which has
Just been produced at the Paris
Vaudeville.
Though no one here has had the
temerity to suggest it, probably the
reason why Alfred Austin didn't sign
his name to the curtain-raiser which he
recently submitted to Arthur Bourchier
was that he was afraid it might be re
fused. Doubtless Mr. Austin thought
that it would never do to allow a Lon
don manager to turn down the poet
laureate. But when Bourchier's official
"reader" came to the anonymous man
uscript of "A Lesson in Harmony" he
found it so promising that he at once
commended it to the actor-manager's
attention. He also asked Mr. Bourchier
to note a letter which accompanied the
playlet and in which the nameless dra
matist wrote: "Should this little piece
be accepted the author makes it a con
dition that Mr. Bourchier will himself
play the part."
Upon^ reading the piece Bourchier
liked It so much that he wrote, asking
the anonymous one to call, and was
electrified at the appointed hour to find
himself facing the poet laureate. It
was soon arranged between them, how
ever, that Mr. Austin's comedietta
should be produced as a curtain-raiser
to W. 8. Gilbert'* "The Fairy's Dilem
ma," which Is now the attraction at the
Garrick. Hitherto the poet laureate has
not enjoyed great success as a drama
tist. His "Rlodden Field" was given a
lavish production by Beerbohm Tree at
a special performance at His Majesty's,
but it was roasted by the critics and
Tree has never thought it best to put
It into the regular bill.
Hale was one of the stars on a local
morning paper. That is not his real
name, but it will do. He was a hard
worker, and a brilliant worker, but a
fondness for the cup that cheers oc
casionally led him astray. He never
"fell down," however, without giving
his chief notification of the Impending
disaster. This forethought and his
brilliant work between relapses insured
forgiveness for his sometimes Incon
venient slips from virtue's paths.
Like most of those of his erratic
class, Hale had passed out of local
Journalism, but the story of one of his
"storm warnings" is a still-alive tra
dition in newspaper row.
He had been assigned to an Impor
tant end of a big story- It was grow
ing late and nothing had been heard
from the star. The night editor was
growling and the city, editor was be-
Brief, but to the Point.
cannot assert the rights in general obtaining in a land to
which they do not belong as citizens or otherwise. The
right to exclude any or all classes of foreigners is in
herent in ' government for its own preservation. Our
immigration laws deny admission to every alien "who
disbelieves in or who is opposed to all organized govern
ment, or who is a member of or affiliated with any organ
ization entertaining or teaching such disbelief in or such
opposition to all organized government."
In Turner's behalf it was claimed that he is a philo
sophical anarchist. 1 By that we suppose is meant that
he would not himself use dynamite, or gun or dagger
in the overthrow of government by the murder of its
representatives. Yet he preaches the philosophy of
murder for the incitement of others to commit crimes.
A large number of people got off on the wrong foot
in the Turner case. Among them was Carl Schurz, who
in his old age seemed to see some analogy between his
own case and Turner's, where there was no analogy at
all. Schurz came here a revolutionary refugee who had
joined other Germans in the revolution of 1848, which
was hot for the destruction of all organized government,
but for the substitution of a more liberal for a less liberal
form of government. The philosophical anarchist is
against all government, of whatever form, and the prac
tical anarchist sees no difference between a republic and
an autocracy, and is ready to destroy them all.
THE COLORADO CASE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. JUNE 17, 1904,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . .?., .;.... . '.-. ,. « Address, All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT> Manager
Publication Office .'. .« • '• Third and Market Streete^&J^
FRIDAY : ..... .- JUNE 17, 1904
8
MEN angM^M IN'
TIE V^^^^^WOMW
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESThe 'quick, short route is by the Overland
Limited, that matchless train of the Southern
Pacific. If you've never tried the Overland,
try It on year Ft. Louis trip. It carries you in
princely fashion through majestic scenery.
The round trip to St. Louis Is $67 SO; to
Chicago, pafsinr one way through St. Louis,
fT2 50. Tcuri*t cars, personally conducted.
through to St. Louis without change. Ask
about dates and trains at €13 Market street. *
Travel to the World's Fair.'
A large delegation of prohibitionists
will be sent from this State to attend
the National Convention , to be held at
Indianapolis. AH pronibltionlsts should
use a gas ranpe from S. F. Gas & Elec
tric Co., 415 Post st. •
The request of Principal Edwards
that a portable schoolhouse be pro
vided for the Crocker School to ac
commodate fifth . grade pupils was
taken runder advisemenL
Leaves of absence were granted to
William H. Edwards, principal of the
Crocker Grammar School, and to Mrs.
William H. Edwards of the Jean
Parker School.
Teachers' certificates were granted
to Misses A. Bartlett, L. Beardsley, M.
Dowllng, F. Nepert, Ida B. Huck. F.
Mclsaac. E. Kane, P. Des Rbches. A.
Murphy. E. Wolf. E. Baker, . M. Kirk,
M. Butler, I. Porter and Charles
Hendry. ":\ ¦ • SS r;
The Board of Education yesterday
received from the Board of Works the
plans for the construction of three ad
ditional rooms on the Hamilton School
building. The estimated cost of the
work, including fire escapes, is $10,000
and the approval of the plans was
taken under advisement.
Board of Education Receives Plans
for Additions to Building to jg5l
Cost $10,000.
HAM1I7TOX SCHOOL. TO
HAVE THREE MORE ROOMS
The gist of the new allegations In
Rooney's amended complaint is as
follows: That or about the 10th
of May, 1896, Charles L. Fair en
tered into a contract with Rooney to
employ him to advise and represent
him in his mining schemes and
enterprises. Fair promised, clnints
Rooney, that as soon as the litigation
involving the | estate of his father,
James G. Fair, was settled he would
appoint Rooney as general agent and
manager of his father's estate, at a
salary of $500 a month, which ap
pointment and salary should be In
full compensation for the services
rendered by Rooney to Charles I*
Fair.- Further, that the controversy
over the estate of James G. Fair was
settled about April I, 1902, and on
May 1 following Rooney demanded
that he be appointed general agent
and manager of the estate. Charles
Fair informed him that he could not
Thomas H. Rooney, in his effort to
obtain $75,000 from the estate of
Charles L. Fair for services alleged to
have been rendered as a mining ex
pert to the young millionaire, yester
day made a more specific statement
of the basis of his claim in an amend
ed complaint filed in the Superior
Court-
In the course of the settlement of
Charles Fair's estate Rooney present
ed his bill to Hermann Oelrichs. ad
ministrator, v - and it was rejected.
Then he filed -a suit against Oelrichs,
as administrator, but a demurrer to
the complaint was sustained, on the
ground that the allegations were
insufficient to constitute a cause of
action, and that it was not stated
whether the attempt to collect was
under an. implied or specified con
tract. ' A^-'^:l
Thomns Rooncy's Amended Com
plaint In Suit Against Estate for
$75,000.
SAYS FAIR PROMISED
TO MAKE HIM 3IAXAGER
The mother-in-law of G. W. Day
wait, a surgeon in the United States
army, was awarded judgment yester
day by Superior Judge Hunt for $2300,
the full amount sued for, in payment
for the care of her daughter (Day
walt's wife) and their child. Mrs. A.
R. Geddes is the mother-in-law and
the suit was brought in the name of
her husband. « B. Geddes, and her
self, they alleging that Daywalt had
agreed to pay for his wife's care at
the rate of 525 a month during his
absence.
Daywalt attempted to evade the
suit on the plea that he was not a
resident of California and not in the
jurisdiction of the court. An attach
ment, however, was secured against
his property on Thirty-eighth avenue
and S street, which gave the court
jurisdiction. In an affidavit in the
case it was averred that Daywalt was
a surgeon, according to information
received from Major General H. C.
Corbin, and was last stationed at Fort
St. Phillip, La.
Mrs. Daywalt is a confirmed invalid
and is still living, with her mother. !
Court Gives Jntlemcnt for- $2300
Asainst G. W. Daywalt, Surjrcon 1 '
in the Army.
MUST PAY MOTIIER-IN-IiAW
FOR CARE OF HER DAUGHTER
Colonel Smith, in speaking of the af
fair, treated the matter very lightly.
He said:
"The little escapade and the visit of
the ladles to Angel Island was only a
matter of youthful indiscretion. Boys
will be boys, you know, and I do not
think that these two young men should
be too severely punished for these little
follies. You know we have all been
young once."
Now this Is all very well according
to Colonel Smith's statement, but the
wives of the' officers at Angel Island
take a very different view of the mat
ter. They did not like the invasion of
that camp by the kind of women the
lieutenants are said to have brought
there and they are very much opposed
to the orgies said to have taken place
on the Island since these officers have
been stationed there.
In the meantime General MacArthur
has taken no action In the premises.
Lieutenant Smith, being backed by a
father and grandfather in the army,
can bring influence to bear in his be
half. His father knows that in
the case of a court-martial there
is a possibility of his son only
being reprimanded, or at least
dropped a few files in the army. ! This
is what he fought for so strenuously
when he was here. If the young lieu
tenant's resignation was accepted that
would end his career so far as army
life is concerned. A court-martial is
really his only salvation.
The outcome of the cases of Lieu
tenant Charles F. Smith and Lieuten
and W. W. White is Just now a matter of
much speculation In army circles. The
resignations of both these officers were
handed to General MacArthur. At the
same time Colonel Allen Smith arrived
from the East and it is reported that
he begged General MacArthur tcr stay
the- proceedings so far as his son was
concerned and requested him that his
son be allowed to withdraw his resig
nation and let the case come up in the
regular manner before a court-mar
tial. Should this request be granted
Lieutenant White would also be al
lowed to withdraw his resignation and
face a court-martial, his offense being
similar.
MURPHY ESTATE LEASE. — The Union
Trust Company, as guardian of Charlea
Murphy, a minor, was authorized yesterday
by Judge CofTey. to leas* ike boy'» 2VT-l608th«
Interest in the Murphy block, at tha corner of
Market. McAllister and Janes streets.
Appolnted Substitute Carriers.
Postmaster Fisk has appointed the
following persons from the civil ser
vice eligible list as substitute letter
carriers: Alfred F. Thur, John J.
Lane, George Eberling, James A. Con
roy, Milan Sikes, Daniel O'Connor,
Vincent M. Johnson, Arthur L.\Gal-
Father qf Lieutenant Smith
Asks That His Hilarious
Son Be Court -Martialed
Jadpre Gilbert of the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals will send from
Portland his decision in the application
for an Injunction by the Contra Costa
Water Company to restrain the city of
Oakland from enforcing its water rates
July 1, as the case was completed yes
terday and Judge Gilbert left for the
north last night.
Attorney Davis for the city of Oak
land presented a number of affidavits
when court convened yesterday morn
ing, one of which brought out the fact
that some of the consumers in Oakland
Judge Gilbert Takes Injunc
tion Suit Under Consider
ation in Federal Court
Miss Daisy Fitzgerald, for several
years connected, with the School De
partment of this city, and Will D.
O'Brien, a well-known mining engineer,
•were married on Wednesday evening at
Sacred Heart Church In the presence of
a large number of friends. Mr. and
Mrs. O'Brien will leave here next
Wednesday on the liner Coptic for the
Orient, where Mr. O'Brien will take
charge of some mining property for a
British syndicate. Mr. O'Brien Is well
known in the mining world and stands
high in his profession. He has Just
concluded some very Important work
in Sumatra.
The marriage service was conducted
by the Rev. Mardon D. Wilson, assisted
by the Rev. Walter B. Clark, the rec
tor of St. Mary the Virgin.
During the service John Harnden
Pratt played soft strains from "Lohen
grin" and "Call Me Thine Own." When
the handsome young couple were pro
nounced man and wife the organ burst
forth with the exquisite strains of,
Mendelssohn's "Wedding March."
The bride was attended by Miss Irene
Thomas, maid of honor, and the brides
maids were Miss J. McGlIvray, Miss
Laurilla Murdock, Miss Sara Clapp and
Miss Beatrice Yoell. The ushers were
Harvey L. Clapp, Robert Colburn,
Dudley Parker and Ernest Livingston.
After the ceremony the bridal party
was entertained at a reception at the
residence of Mr. and Mrs. Clarence
Smith, 1923 Vallejo' street.
The bride was graduated from Stan
ford with the class of '04, stepping from
the lecture room Into matrimony, car
rying with her many honors.
To the " strains of the "Lohengrin"
march the bridal party approached the
altar, the ushers forming a guard of
honor near the chancel rail.
Mr. Smith, with his fair daughter on
his arm, stood at the chancel, and the
groom was supported by the best man,
Russell Field. '
The marriage of Edwin J. Thomas of
Alameda, and Miss Margaret Belle
Smith, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Clar
ence M. Smith, the latter the manager
of the Northwestern Mutual Life In
surance Company, took place last night
at the Church of St.* Mary the Virgin.
For fully an hour before the cere
mony the pretty church was filled with
numerous friends of the bride and Mr.
Thomas. The aisle was profusely
decoratede with marguerites, and th
bridesmaids and flower-bearer, little
Mies Martha Richardson, looked dainty
in their rich white satin gowns and
flowing veils.
The young people started East last
night, where their honeymoon will be
spent.
The future home of the Sacramento
matron will be in Milwaukee, where
Mr. Frank holds large interests.
At the reception and dance which
followed the dinner, many fashionable
gowns were seen.
After the service was read and con
gratulations were harkened unto, the
happy pair led the way to the Maple
room, where the wedding feast was
spread.
Among the guests were Mr. and
Mrs. Nathan Frank, the mother and
father of the groom, who. came on
from Milwaukee to be present at the
ceremony.
A handsome bride was Miss Stein
man, wearing an exquisite lace robe,
her veil held in place with a half
wreath of orange blossoms. Accom
panying the bride at the altar was
Miss Lillian Steinman, sister of the
bride, as honor-maid, and the Misses
Marion and Adelaide Lewis as brides
maids, all smartly frocked.
Ralph Frank of Los Angeles served
as best man.
The Frank-Steintnan wedding at the
Palace last night eclipsed all others of
the merry month of June.
The Maple and Marble rooms had
been wrought Into a miniature forest,
with blossoms and clinging vines form-
Ing the bridal bower.
Here it was that Miss Steinman,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. B. U. Stein
man, formerly Mayor of Sacramento,
plighted her troth to A. A. Frank, a
wealthy young merchant of Milwau
kee, the Rev. Dr. Bernard Kaplan of
Sacramento performing the ceremony.
Mrs. Emily Harrigan. residing at
1923 Fifteenth street, wa3 arrested
yesterday by Detective Bunner and
placed on the detinue book. "Mrs.
Harrigan is accused of stealing two
typewriters from a school In the Mis
sion a few weeks ago. A pawn ticket
forgone of the machines was found in
the possession of the prisoner.
Accused of Larceny.
WATER COMPANY
FINISHES CASE
GAY OFFICERS
MAY BE TRIED
MISS STEINMAN
IS WEDDED TO
AN EASTERN MAN
Judge Garber closed the case for the
company by citing a number of deci
sions relative to public corporations
and claiming that when water rates are
regulated property is taken for public
use He contended that the Council
had reached the conclusion whereby
the rates were fixed by overruling
Judge Hart, who had passed upon all
the questions involved. Mayor Olney
was roasted to a brown turn for hav
ing secured the services of Desmond
Fitzgerald to make a report on the
values of the company's property when
it was all practically guess work.
Contrary to the usual practice of the
court. Olney followed t Judge Garber
and raised the question of jurisdiction,
claiming that it must be shown that
the city had taken the company's prop
erty without due process of law, other
wise th«» Federal court could not act.
Olney also started to go into the merits
of the case, but McEnerney objected.
The court allowed Olney to proceed
and later said the case would be taken
under advisement.
Mr. Davis argued that the company
knew the constitutional provision rela
tive to fixing rates when it went into
business. He thought the services ren
dered should govern the fixing of rates
and not the so-called value of the
property owned.
In/ the afternoon Mr. Fitzgerald took
up the argument for the city and In a
concise manner went through the mass
of figures and presented to the court
by his deductions the claim that the
company was in reality receiving a
revenue equivalent to 13 per cent- He
believed the object of applying for the
injunction was to tie up the people of
Oakland in order to collect money
which would never be paid back. Mr.
McEnerney asked if the rates had not
been cut 30 per cent. Mr. Fitzgerald
said they had been cut 25 per cent
gross, but added: "We have bought
you flowers, decorated your buildings,
buried your friends, bought you pa
pers, paid counsel fees and still you
say we are unfair."
COMPANY CLOSES ARGUMENT.
Attorney Davis for Oakland pleaded
against the injunction being issued. He
paid what the company a-Sked was in
realty to be allowed to charge rates
which would give them 5 per cent on
the bonds and then a rate over and
above that— or. in other words, pay
them for the privilege of using bor
rowed money. If the company contend
ed that the question was on the value
of the plant, items for decorations,
funerals, etc., should not have been
included in the operating expenses.
OAKLAND'S SIDE OF CASE,
The Council had allowed $50,000 for
taxes, but according to the assessment
of the company's property $175,000
would be necessary. McEnerney said
it was all well enough to greet with
plee the taxing of any large corpora
tion,, but the glee quickly turns to sor
row when the rate payer has to foot the
bill. He claimed the Council had made
a cut of 30 per cent in the rates and
that the property had been intention
ally underestimated. For four years the
Council has been trying to confiscate
the company's property, and the cut
ting down of the revenue was the prin
cipal way of doing it.
Authorities were quoted to show why
the injunction prayed for should issue.
It was shown that a bonded indebted
ness of $3,500,000 and a floating debt of
$500,000 existed. The former carries in
terest at 5 per *ent and the latter at 6
per cent. Between those items and op
erating expenses and taxes the com
pany will not derive one cent for its
use unless the injunction is granted
and until the case had be«?n settled in
the State courts.
were being furnished water at a cheap
.er rate than the ordinance allowed to
be charged. The company admitted
that fact and said the Southern Pacific
was given a lower rate than others on
account of the quantity used.
Garret McEnerney opened the argu
ment for the company by stating the
grounds upon which the action had
been begun. He contended that the as
tion of the City Council was neither fai.
nor just. The basis which the Council
had taken for the purpose of fixing the
rates would only allow the company a
revenue of $459,002. Of that amount
one-eigrhih would have to be raised out
side of the city. The company claims
$>.0,000 per year for depreciation, and in
the answer Mayor Olney admitted that
the depreciation was about $40,000. but
the Council had only allowed $2750.
WANT TAX MONEY.
vin, George Holse, Theodore F. Mun
roe, Phil Kronberg. James D. Lane,
James T. Olsen and John A. Clark.
The necessity of a guardian other
than her father for 17-year-old Alice
Irene Warner was proved in the Su
perior Court yesterday and Judge Cof
fey appointed Gustave A. Hourcade to
take the father's place. The court re
quired Hourcade to furnish a bond in
the sum of $1000.
Matthew Thomas Warner was di
vorced from his wife March 18 and
subsequently was granted letters of
guardianship over the daughter, Alice,
who lived with him at the home of
John Winters. The mother, learning
that the child was mistreated, applied
to have Warners' guardianship re
voked and for her appointment in
stead. She alleged that the father did
not provide the girl with food, cloth
ing or needed medical attendance and
that she was compelled to work in a
candy store until midnight. On ac
count of the lateness of the hour at
which she returned home, Winters, it
was said, locked .her out for three
nights and she was compelled to seek
lodging In houses of questionable
reputation. Finally the girl, went to
room at the Zola House, a place of ill
repute, and the mother to get her out
had to cause her arrest. In the
petition Mrs. Warner said that the girl
was good at heart, but was in sore
need of a good guardian.
At the hearing yesterday the two
sisters and brother of Alice corrobo
rated the mother's statements and Of
ficers Fogarty and Young testified to
the evil reputation of the Zola House.
The child was willing to have her
mother as guardian, but the court de
cided that it would be best to have a
third party, who was a friend.
Warner resisted his removal and
testimony in his behalf was given by
Mrs. Birdie Winters and Mrs. Mae
Burke, who declared that the father
had been good to the girl and had
given her money. They intimated that
Alice was wayward and Mrs. Winters
declared that the girl on one occasion
called Mr. Winters a vile name.
Judge Coffey Appoints G. A. Hourcade
to Look After the. Welfare of
Alice Warner.
FATHER IS XO LONGER
GUARDIAN OF DAUGITTER
fulfill his promise because of the ob
jections of one of the co-owners of
the estate, but said that he was about
to depart for Europe and upon his re
turn would either fulfill hia promise
or make Rooney superintendent of
mines which he intended to purchase
at Angels and Carson. Fair lost his
life in Europe and the promise was
never kept.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY. JUNE 17, 1904.
9
AMTJSEMEUT&
IDEAL VAUDEVILLE]
Aaron it, West on - and Company; Sddle
Heron and Company; Bomanl Trio;
"Mike," Foster's Dor, and Orpnenm
Motion Picture*. Last times of Truly
Shattuck; Avon Comedy. Fonr; Lean
BnsseU and
Marcel's Living Art Studies
Regular Matinee Evtry Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c, 23c
and 50c
COMMENCING SUNDAY MATINEE.
HELEN BERTRAM
PRIMA DONNA SOPRANO.
Late of the Bostonlans.
CALIFORNIA
JS3 LAST TWO NIGHTS. C^.
William Gillette's Masterpiece — Great- "^
eat War Drama Ever Written. II
[Secret Service 1 1
Presented by the Favorites. ||
The Oliver Morosco Company |
. MATINEE TO-MORROW. - - |3
Sunday— A PRINCE OF LIARS. |j
Funniest Farce of All. **
¦ Farewell Week of the Morosco Co. H
A T /""I A rT A T« Belasco & M*yer.
ALCAZAR s-si
General Masager.
TO-NIGHT— All Week.
I. AST MATTSTSE SATTTttDAY.
You Smile. Laugh, Scream and Howl at
CHARLEVS flUIMT
the zjixroxxara n hit
"Everybody laughed all the time."— CalL
Err.. 25c to 75c. Mats. Thurs. A- Sat., 25c to 30c
Next Monday — The Clyde Fitch Comedy.
XiOvxss' Lira—
Last Week of the Stock Company Season.
JUNE 27— WHITE WHITTLESEY.
|j P 3^1 I Ba&al MAYER
*JBaiB>3 B I Q^ga PROPS
Market Street. Near Eighth. Phoas South 503.
TO-NIGHT— LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
Mammoth Revival of
| THE OCTOROON |
100— PEOPLE IN THE CAST— 100
Nearo Chorus of Forty Voices. ""-. V
Songs, Quartets. Buck and Wing Daaeing.
Special Engagement of the Distinguished
Comedian. L. R. STOCKWELL.
DDTPEC EVENINGS 10c to OOo
rKIl CO MATINEES 10c 15c. 23e
Next— "LIGHTS O* LONDON."
PalarA D °NT FAIL TO
rdldlC .ee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging >
/Mil room, the EMPIRE |
uuu parlor, the
r-~-4 PALM ROOM, the I
linif1G LOUIS XV PAR-
uiuiiu LOR^ ud the LA
H^^r.1^ DIES ' WRITING
I Hotels room. j 1
AMUSEMENTS*
MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2
SPECIAL MATINEB NEXT WEDNESDAY.
TO-NIGIIT, at S Pharp.
DAVID BELASCO
PRESENTS MRS.
LKUE CARTER
la His New Play.
PRICES— $2. S1.50. $1. 75c and . 80c.
- Seats for Second Week Njw on Sale
(UULUI!H_l3i*& IKK3 THEAI2S
inia "WEEK AZTD REZT WiI£Z.
Seats Ready for All Performancea.
NIGHTLT. EXCEPTING SUNDAY AT «,
MATXTTEE SATT72DAT AT 2.
MANAGEMENT DAXIEL FROHMAN.
IN THE MIRACLE PLAT.
THE PROUD PRINCE.
By the Author of "IF I WERE KING."
Notice to Oakland Theater-Goer* 1
KK. SOTHEBN will not visit Oakland
during- Ms present tocr.
Are you aware that this Is the last week of
XJ. S.
A Burlesque That Sends Everybody Horn*
Laughing Till Bedtime T
It ls worth twice the price to *«• Edna.
Aug's specialty, watch the Garrtty Ststen
dance, "yell" with Torke and Adams, lauvh
with Al Fields, hear Edwin C'.ark slog "Th«
Stein" song, see Inimitable Ben Dillon, listen
to Roy Alton's "Sweet Amberee Juice."
BUT RE.WEMBrR .MUnDAY >EXT
First Time Here of
"THE JYlORJVtONS"
A Hilariously Funny Burlesque. Special Ea-
rarement of Freda Gaillck.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Same Popular Prices.
Don't miss Lionel Lawrence's "Eight Radium
Girls."
TIVOUSS5&
SUTSDAYEVE.
JUNE 19th KUDllN
07Z5ISS 07 TH3 . - g^ g^ ~\
TITOLI'S .VSW 32A30-* H 5 9 I I I I
With the American fj[\/ \J gf
Comic Opera Masterpiece
EDITH MASON.
A Suoerb List of KATE CONDON.
NEW ARTISTS, BARRON BERTHALD
Including: WILLARD SIMMS
JOHN DLNSMURE.
SEATS NOW SELLING— 23c 50c 73c
USUAL TIVOLI PRICES. "
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY
BRANDOW AND~WILEY,
THE GREAT ALFONS
And a Splendid Show Every Afteraooa
and Svenin? In tno Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
jSUrXATTTBE lOJiCTBSG BATTiKOAP,
Ewneralda and Her BABY MONKEY la tad
ZOO.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
near tha PNEUMATIC SYMPHONY OR.
CHESTRA.
Admission. 10c: Children. 5c.
Schools and Colleges.
LEADIXO BDSBCESS COLLEGE OF THE
WEST.
24 Post *t.. San Francisco. Cal.
Estab. 4P years. Or#n »r.tir* year, day and ni*ht.
Writ* fcr >«> p«re catalogue (lr*t).
V0V MEYERINCK & H %S5 N ?"™ C -
PAN" FRANCISCO. Established \K*h
rre-»rr.!ner.tly the largest ar.ii b^»t
equipped »vhoc! on th* Paclfle Coast — offer-
Ing all the a4v*ntae»i! cf Eastern and
European censervatcrieg for a thorourh
rru*ir*! «^!uoatlon. Proer'fta* upon ap-
plication. Visitor* to the World's Fair. St.
Loci*, are Invited tr> examine the exhibit
<*f the. echool. Educational Building: Cali-
fcm'.a School Exhibit.
New Quarters — More Space
riKXR ;jtOOMS.
Just moved lcto our new rocrns: new fire-
proof ba'.Hirjr. 3 el*rator», electrie light!
rteatn beat, r-o more for ttudents than ever
fcefore. Th!« la the college that secures so
rracy positions.
San Francisco Business College,
73S Mission Eu. Near Tfclrd.
Manzanlta Hall-SS
PALO ALTO, CAL. £&£;.
X*TV . rv. _ _, ; _ Ar > enrollment or
f^lirOrr\!Ov 4S0 students tells
%•*- i »v th * "ory of our
success ;newbtjild-
IWII? *\C/ wholesome ec!leg«
«~ „ ,**S US*: Caialoru*.
f'ta Or.iden Gate ave.. P. P.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Hoarding and ia.7 schocl fcr your.g ladle* and
l:tt* girii. 2I2S California rtrcet. Will recpen
Av$rnt: 1. 1S04. Accredited to the unirer»'ties
REV. EDWARD E. CHURCH. A. M. PrSS:
Mount Tamalpais Military Academy
SAX RAFAEL, CAL. .
Junior achool esparate. Fall term berici a-jt
X L *"?"? .c^osBY ! _D 1 D :: ji fa^ art( .;;
P^STWBji^^w^TJ Is the mogt practl .
L t y. 1 ~ ¦ , /Tgl; : .Tr* " r:il - r<-".crr.m<--r.ced
fOBBSBBBBBl y ex^ ei ~t court re-
FflfSJSSroiTnB 1 , P° rtr;rs - Ser.d lor
BtOgBBmaMiakB CataI °RUf. 1382
' Market St.. S. F.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
XIIVINGTON. CALrFORICIA. Tt !
Hold* pre-erutnently the confidence of lta m.
trcr.s and the loyalty of Its pupils.
WILLIAM WALKER ANDERSON. Principal.
. . a . __ . j* School for boys: 14th year
IlfllTT'O ***!=« Au 5 . irth: Jarger and
III .A 'tronger faculty than ever:
HUM I W perfect sanitation; Illus-
trated CRtakcue. W. J
MCUEDITH. Vice Principal. Menlo Pane. CaL
Hitchcock Military Academy
SAN' RAFAEL. CAL.
WILL REOPEN on August 18.
A paly to the Principal.
DAX.0 ALTO ACADEMY, one mile from
" fc'tanfrrd I'nivcrslty — Boy* and your.g nw-a
rrpporfa' frr Stanford. Berkeley or Eastern
oc!le«^». Exc*j>Uoral Advantages in Modern
Ui'tjsc" 1 and Ilitrher Mathematics. Fall term
Iw-rfn* August 22. For catalogue address
WATXARB SHIPLEY. Palo Alto. Cal.
A Eurefca-Ffu Paper Guard and Six Sheets Ffu.Net Paper FREE to SUNDAY WANT AD PATRONS
| ADVEBTISEMENTS.::^, ;w
£5v^S^^^S H$3 .^^vxfiC "Q 1\ Rl Q w^r^l-t^^^C^ i anc * swee t to me, and everything seems pleasant read an advertisement in the paper of your Vege- \ fl f f iM? OATT I»\#^^^L^ RShnJfi*^^^?^!
mr'S»*^*^^^^ (^*'Vi!HuWv\% / and easy. table Compound in such an emergencv, and so I • V i/ \rtt£ HI ILw D*XlULi V» eSVOS^S >*f?l
K^^iS^V^^^^^S^ jy "Six bottles brought me health, and was worth decided to try it- Great was my joy to find that ffllj} ****llll3^gSpg^W^*UTY I^
fl^^^^^^^^^^St there is no medicine so good for sick women as your Vegetable Compound, and I advocate it to time I was cured. I had gained eighteen pounds and was in excellent health and am now j&Jy^^^Sff&f
l^Mt^V^'^^'v^?^ m y lad y friends in need of medical help." — Mbs. B. A. Blascila-RD, 422 Broad St., Nashville, Tenn. "You surely deserve great success, and you hare my rery best wishes!" MlSd Axic* Baxlet 50 North £0*&i& i ?!£?r£&&
K^Si^^^^^^^^L Th- wonderful power of Lydia K. Pinkham'a Vegetable Compound over the diseases of womankind is not because it is a stimulant,— not because it is a palliative, but simply
l^5t>^'^^^^^^^\ because it Ls the most wonderful tonic and reconstructor ever discovered to act directly upon the uterine system, positively CURING disease and restoring health and vigor.
IK^S^^^^^^^^^^^ Marvellous cures are reported from all parts of the country by women who have been cured, trained nurses who have witnessed cures, and physicians who have recognized the AEreli liilwlirlffiP^?
virtue in Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and are fair enough to give credit where it is due. " J^§W^^^?H^^
M^^^^^^^^^^k ** physicians dared to be frank and open, hundreds of them would acknowledge that they constantly prescribe Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound in severe cases of
J^^^^^W^^^^^^^^k Women who are troubled with painful or irregular menstruation, backaeke, bloating (or flatulence), leucorrhoea, falling, inflammation or ulceration of the uterus,
JS^^^W^^^^^^^Sw ovarian troubles, that " bearing -down " feeling, dizziness, faintness, indigestion, nervous prostration or the blues, should take immediate action to ward off the >^»^^i^^K
serious consequences, and be restored to perfect health and strength by taking Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, and then write to Airs. Pinkham, v^#raS*^^3^^^^T?^
__ Lynn, .Mass., for further free advice. No living person has had the benefit of a wider experience in treating female *~^ ( j^^^^:=yS%CID^^^^Q^.
C*y\ iIls - Sne nas guided thousands to health. Every suffering woman should ask for and follow her advice. J&w == ir^^^ zThe. men ,who never make mistakes
are not, the ones who fill the responsi
ble positions. . . . . -. ..¦
. Fifth race, . mile and a' furlong, . handicap^—
HliCh Chancellor 118, , Audience 111, Duke of
Kendal 108, Carbuncle IOC, Little -Km ..102,
Colonsay 90, Brigand 00." - - .'¦ ¦¦
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth on turf,
selling— Hyland • 108, South Trimble 108, Ben
McDhul 108. Bardolph 103, Stonewall 103,
Sruoklyalte 103," Durazzo 103, Pan Lougln 101,
Second race, six and a half furlongs, main
track, tlnee-year-olds and up, maidens — Tryon
112, Patagnnlrn 112. The Cub 112. Flexion 112,
Thifftledale 112. Cataline 10». Mercury 109,
Auruinarter iWt, Oradell 109. Bouvler 100. Orly
II 10». Lady Prudence 107, Belle of Wakefleld
107, Pond Lily 107, Belle of Portland 107.
Mutiny 107, Commenetta 107, Salora 107.
Third race, five rurlonga on turf, the Daisy
stakes— Flyback 117. Agile 117. Diamond 117,
Pasadena 1 17, Niblick 119, St. , Bellane 114,
Trapper 110. Salvage 110, Gamara 110. (Dia
mond and Trapper, Paget "entry; Niblick and
St. Bellane, Thomas entry.)
Fourth race, six furlongs on main track, the
Coney Island handicap — Reliable 143. Hurst
Park 135, MIzzen 130, Magistrate 118.' Broom
stick 110, Lady Amelia 114. Dolly Spanker 112,
River Pirate 110, Salvatella 107, Cloten 104,
Witchcraft 100. Orthodox 100. Ingold 100. N»w
York 95. Divination »2, Illyita 00, Marmee 90,
Lady Prudence 90. (Marmee and Lady Pru
dence. Witts entry; MIzzen and Magistrate,
B*-lroont entry.) ¦ ¦• .
NKW YORK, June 16. — Reliable
has the'unusual impost of 143 pounds
In .the Coney Island handicap at six
furlongs to be decided to-morrow at
Sheepshead Bay. The day's entries
follow:
First race, five furlongs, two-year-olds —
W.id Irishman 122, Right Royal 122, Phoebus
115. Aeronaut 115, Golden Sunrise 115. Torchello
112.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY . ENTRIES.
NEW YORK. June 16.— Jockey Ar
thur Redfern, who rode the Suburban
winner, said: "Hermis was a great
horse to-day. I was lucky in getting
away. so well and in securing the rail,
which I wanted. As long as he was
going easily I felt confident, as I knew
he could outsprint the others. I don't
think he had much left add it is not
reasonable that he should \ have had
after so grand an effort. Hermis is the
greatest horse I ever saw. I am per
fectly happy at my good fortune in
having the mount. on such a horse."
Jockey Redfern Praises Hcrmls.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
First Race — Willowdene, Swedish
Lad. Sylvan Belle.
Second Race — Mojave, Behoove,
Lord Haven.
Third Race— Gay Adelaide, Disha
bille, Limerick Belle.
Fourth Race — Rebo, Follies Berge
res 1 , Foxy Kane.
Fifth Race— Velasquez, Conundrum.
Avoid.
Sixth Race— Falkland, Dawson,
Gasllghter.
Ascot Gold Cup lor Throw Away.
LONEKDN, June 16. — Throw Away
won the Ascot Gold Cup (value 100O
sovereigns, with 3000 sovereigns in spe
cie in addition, added to a sweepstakes
of 20 sovereigns each, for three-year
olds and upward, two miles and a ha!f>
at the Ascot races to-day. Zlnfandel
was second and Scepter third. Four
horses started.
HARLEM ENTRIES.
CHICAGO, June 16. — Sad Sam,
John A. Scott, Hagerdon, Irene Lind
say and other sprinters are entered
ii» the fourth race to-morrow at Har
lem. The day's entries:
First race, one mile, selling — Sartor Resartus
V4. Fbony 101, Kthel Scruggs 8tt, Frecslas 97,
Freckman »4, Dutiful K<7. Sam Stevens !»4,
Hexam 84. Golden Mineral 102, KIcinwood 1C2.
Rough and Tumble 09. Prince of Pilsen 102,
Carter; US. Telephone 104, Falerian 99.
Second race, four and a half furlongs — John
Fmulski 110. Herlida 99, Cigar Lighter 102.
IVargy O'Nea! l(:5. Hapry Jack ft", Glrdlestone
102. Uncle Henry 97. Vonketel 97, Capitanazo
97. Lucky Joe HC. Pinkerton 102, Luretta 1M,
The Mirt 1IJ7, II Dcrttore «7, Garvlce 105.
Third race. i>iiort course, steeplechase, handi
ear.—Jack Boyd 125. Golden Link 147. Eva Moe
1X2. Hanrivirc 140. Faracjiy Jr. 135. Miss Bran
don U4. Fp.Ilela 140. Leo Planter 150.
Fourth raco, elx furlongs — Gypiene 10i»,
Mayor Johnson 106, Princess Tulane 102,
Ubique 91. Scotsman 104, Sad Sam 106, Circu
lator 9fl. Dancing Master 83, Van Ness 10S.
Hfi^ertion 10C. A. D. Gil son 105, Irene Lindsay
101, New Mown Hay 93, John A. Scott 107,
Lovg More 100.
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth. Felling —
Boaster JOT. Royalty 103. Bellarto 106. Lacy
Crawford 105, RoHsmond 107, Mtzzo 100, Lady
Chorister 101. Tancred 107.
Sixth rare, mil? and a sixteenth, selling —
Bummer II 106, Kvander 1CS. King's Court 110.
Lord Touchwood 00. M,ary Pine 101, Russellton
1C*. Sweet Tooth 111. Handley Cross 103. On
tonxgon 109. Martin 99, Iiaror.rt 101, Pledericn
10R.
Weather clear; track fa«t. \
NEW YORK, June 16.— The sale of
the yearlings from the Rancho del
Paso stud, the property of J. B. Hag
gin, was begun to-day at the Fasig-
Tipton paddocks at Sbeepshead Bay
and will continue four ¦ ays. Sales of
$1000 or more were: B. f. by Imp. Star
Ruby-Afric Queen, N. Bennington,
J2000; ch. f. by imp. Wa
tercress-Arnette, N. Bennington,
$1600; br. c. by imp. Water
cress-Imp. Baby. J. H. McCormick,
$2700; ch. c. by imp. Golden Garter-
Blanca, N. Bennington, $2500; ch. f. by
Imp. Goldflnch-Brillar, N. Bennington,
$3000.
Ilacjrin Yearlings Sell Well.
IIARLKM SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First Race— Rough and Tumble,
Frecfelas, Dutiful.
Second Race— Pinkerton, The MJst,
Pejjgy O'Neal.
Third race — Handvise, Leo Plant
er, Eva Sloe.
Fourth Race — A.' D. Gibson* Irene
IJndsay, Van Ness.
Fifth race — Lacy Crawford, Mezo,
Boaster.
Sixth Race— Handler Cross, Onto,
nagon, Piedrlch.
riflce hit — Drennan. Stolen base — McCreedle.
Error — Nadeau. Bases on balls — On* Roach 1,
oft Schmidt 2. Struck out — By Roach 4, by
Schmidt 3. Two-base hits— Beck 2, Thiel
man. Three-base hit — Ganley. Double plays
Roach to Castro to Beck: Drennan unassisted.
Left on bascn— Portland 7. Oakland 5. Hit by
pitcher— By Roach 2. . Passed ball — Byrnes.
First base, on errors — Oakland 1. Time of
game— 1 :40. Umpire — Brown. Attendance —
2200r -- -
Drennairs Double Play In tlie Ninth
Blasts the Visitors' Hopes.
OAKLAND TXJSES TO PORTLAND?
PORTLAND. June 16.— The score
was 2 to 1 and Oakland was making
o gallant effort to win out in the ninth
when fate in the person of Kirby
Drennan chopped the game off short,
with the home team to the good. It
was an unasyiFted double that turned
the trick. Hrlck Devereaux sent the
ball hustling out over second. It looked
Kood enough for a hit, but when the
ppnere came down toward earth the
Portland center fielder's mitt closed
on it. Two strides to second and the
play was complete.
Clean. fast ball kept the fans on the
tiptoe of excitement all through the
frame. Roach was Invincible in the
box. Olily in the sixth were the visit
ors able to connect with his twisters.
Schmidt v.-as easier. Beck was given
credit for a single and two doubles
Jake Thielman warmed up to the Oak
lander's benders to the extent of a
Kindle and a double. The man from
South America, Castro by name
handled five put outs and three assists
and never quavered. The score:
TorUand— } Oakland—
AB.R. H. P.A. I " - ~ AB.R. II. p A
Nadau.lf 4 0 0 1 O jnnley.rf 4 12OO
UcOd.2b 3 2 2 2 4 Fmks.aa 4 0 O 1 4
JJnuin.«-f 3 O O 3 O JDnlvy.cf 4 O 1 3 1
Jteck. 1b 4 O .1 10 O »?chfly,2b 3 O 2 3 2
»"rncl£.3b 4 O O O 4 Mskra,lf 4 0 1 10
I'aetro.GS 4 0 1 6 2 Devrx,3b 4 0 0 10
Vhlmn.rf 2 0 2 2 1 Ifctreib.lb 2 O 0 10 O
1'tltnan.c 3 0 O 4 1 liymes.e 2 0 0 5 0
!:¦*. h, p 3 O 0 O * fifhrndt.p 3 0 O O I
Totals. 30 2 S 27 17 Totals. SO 1 6 24 8
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tortland ." 1.1 OO00O01 x— 2
Base hits ......2 10 0 0 2 12 x— &
Oakland 0 00001 000—1
But tilts 0 1 0 0 0 2 11 1— c
SUMMARY.".
rarcfd ran*— Portland 2. OaiJmd 1. Eac-
NEW YORK, June 16— Second Baseman
Brain presented the New Yorks with this af
ternoon's game. In the ninth inning h« made
a miserable muff, which allowed Dahlen to
score the winning run. Attendance, 3500.
Score :
: R. H. E.
St. Loulf S 7 3
New York..: 4 a «
Batteries — O'Neill and Grady; Matthewson
and Bowerman. Umpires — Johnstone and Mo
ran.
BOSTON. June 16.— To-day's game was close
and exciting up . to the ninth inning, when
Fisher'a effectiveness ended. Attendance. 2200.
~™elL, ?£> ?A E 
• .nlcaiTo n 10 0
Boston....'. 1 9 3
Batteries— Briggs - and Kltng; Fisher and
Xeedham. Umpire— Emslie
PHILADELPHIA, June 1C— The homo team
narrowly escaped another shutout at the hands
of Pittsburg ¦ to-day. Free hitting - gave . the
visitors i and easy victory. Attendance, 14C0.
Pittsburg ..5* 15 E o
Philadelphia.... 1 5 "
> Batteries— Phlllippi and Phelps; McPherson
and Roth. Umplre-^Zimmer.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS. Jun^ 16.— New York defeated St.
Louis to-dny. Oetcen and Ganzel each made
home runs in the seventh Inning. Attendance,
St. Louis 3 11 2
New York ..10 11 3
Batteries — Sudhoff and Kahoe; Chesbro and
McGul;e..
CLEVELAND. Ohio. June 16.— Cleveland'*
yellow playing and Washlnsfton'a timely hit
ting gave the visitors the game. Attendance
1800. Score :
Cleveland t H « E <"
Washington .~. 5 12 2
Batteries — Rhoades and Abbott: Orth and
Drill.
CHICAGO, June IS.— Boston's errors, a steal
a sacrifice and a bunching of five hits in the
fifth and f>lxth Innings gave Chicago to-day's
game. Attendance, C800. Score:
_, -. R- H. E.
Chicago.. .5 8 1
Boeton 3 8 2
Batteries— Owen and Sullivan; Winter and
Farrell.
DETROIT. Mich.. June 16.— After Detroit
had a comfortable lead Philadelphia developed
a batting streak, and, aided by an error, tied
the score. Mclntyre.won for his team with a
three-bagger .in the seventh inning, followed
by Lowe's fly. \ Attendance. 2500. The score:
Detroit 6 12 i
Philadelphia. ,5 u 1
Batteries— G. Mullln, Woods and Buelow-
Plank and Powers.
(National Ix>acue.) ! (American League.)
W. I* Pet. W. I* Pet.
New York... 31 H> .659 Boston 32 17 .«53
Chicago 30 1« .G52'Chlcagt> 2I» 21 .580
Cincinnati ..:tl 18 ,«BX;w York... 27 20 .57*
Pittsburg ...25 22 .532 Cleveland ...24 21 .533
St. Louis.. ..22 23 .48» Phtladelphla.25 22 .5.T2
Brooklyn ...21 29 .120 St. Louis 22 2:1 .4S9
Boston . IS 29 .:W3' Detroit 19 27.413
Philadelphia. 9 34 .200 Washington.. 9 Stt .200
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Philndclnhia Xntjonal Team Narrowly
Escapes a Shutout at the Hands
of the IMttsburR Players.
TWO HOME KUXS SCORED
IX ONE INNING AT ST. LOUIS
Fourth ra^. one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing — O**ar Tolle won. Forest King second, Ilio
wahn third. Time. 1 :4S'4.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, selling —
Laureatea won, MacFlecknoe second, Agnes
Mack third. Time. 1 :lC»i.
Sixth race, one inlie ami 100 yards, sellins: —
Oro iva won. The Kretter eecond. Daniiy
Belle third. Time. I:t7'i.
Second race, fire an-1 a half furlongs, selling
— Maxtr«-ys won. Hannah Van secend, Cayucos
third. Time, lnX»»i.
Third race, six and a half furlongsi selling —
Can* Jo won. Optimo second, Titus third. Time
l:21<i.
First race, four and a half furlongs, sellinx
— Aurora B won. Jtcvrules second. Maud Sh«r
wootl third. Tim*. :55.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 18. — Summary «t
The Meadows^
Kaclnir at the Meadow*.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First Rare— Risht Royal, Golden
Sunrise — Torcliello.
Serond Kacc — Mercury, Aurnmas
ter. The Cub.
Third Race — Pnget entry, St. Bel
lane, Agile.
Fourth llncc— -Ingold, Dolly Spank
er. Ittlinblc.
Fifth Itncc — High Chancello-, Andl
cm ; < % . Carbuncle.
frtxtli lluve — Sals, South Trimble,
Stonewall.
SIIEEPSIIKAD BAY SELECTIONS.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS. June 16. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at the Fair
Grounds follow:
Flrrt rac nine- sixteenths of a mile. sell
ing—Swedish Lad 107. Wlllowdene 10H, Sylvan
Belle 10H. Tim Hurst 106. Covena 104, Mono
gram 101, Jardin d» Paris 100. Caotain Hro
laskl 100. A. Lady OS, Dlpp*r OS. Mellwood 06.
Inflammable !>5, Dotage t«5, Preventatlve 05,
Bavarian '.'."..
Second race, thirteen-sixteenth* of a mile,
selling — Axares 10», Tom Crab 100. Alflo 100.
Blando 107. Totter 105. Mojave 105, Behoove
10-t Dr. Scharff 104. Caterpillar 1«J4. Lord
Haven 1C3. Howling Dervish 1C2. Wolfram 102,
Atlas 101. Berry Hughes 94. Lady Fon»e «9.
Third race, five furlongs — Dishabille 111. Gay
Adelaide 10S, My Kleanor 1OS. Monaco Maid
108, Otlle Burnett 103, Zulelka d'Or 105. Lim
erick Girl 105.
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap — Foxy
Kane 107. Warte Nicht 10«>. Commodore 101.
Lasso 101. Rebo 101. Follies Benteres 98,
Bugler 97. Floral Wreath 97.-
Flfth race, seven furlongs, selling — Colonel
Ballantyn* II*. RasIHus 115. (Males 115. Conun
drum 115. \>lasqu«-j! 115. .Terry Hunt 115.
Caithness 113. Irby Bennett 111. Gallagher 113.
Golden Licht 110. Little Lois 108, Ivernia 108,
Velo» 1CS, Avoid 106.
Sixth race, mile ftnd seventy yards — Wall
10S, Gaallghter 107. Maud Wallace l/XJ. Daw
son .lOiS. George Vivian 103. Lynch 103. Fe
ronia 102, Miss Eon 102. Ooo Goo 102. Mem
phlan 102, Falkland 96. Yellow Hammer, 93,
Mildred L 88, Edna Daniels 82.
Weather clear^ Track fast.
SECOND RACE — One mile; three-year-olds;
Kelltnc:
Bettlnc Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. - % Fin.
Hermis, never touched by the whip,
simply threw defiance to the others in
the dust from his hammering hoofs,
and through the stretch he was not
even challegned. The Picket nosed
out Irish Lad for second . money.
Proper, Major Daingerfleld and Afri
cander brought up the rear.
Had the .winner been pressed he
woulcL have broken the record for tha
t»ack "« with ease. When the great
crowd realized the splendid exhibition
of equine worth shown by the victor
it arose 'en masse and , cheered him
wildly, despite the fact that the book
makers had accepted and won nearly
$500,000 on the defeat of Irish Lad.
Hermis was heavily backed, however,
and at least one-quarter of the amount
taken in on the defeat of the favorite
was paid out on the winner. Sum
mary: .
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; thre*-year-oldi
and up; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to &— M. Worth. 113 (Burns).. 1. 1 1V41 1
20 to 1— MIzzen. 118 (Hullnian). . . 6 22 Z t>
K\en — Reliable. 110 (Boland)... 8 7 1 :i »;
Time. 1:18 1-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, J. Worth's ch, f. by St. George-Ethel
Thomas. Dalesman, ¦ Lux Casta, Waswift,
Jacquln, Grenade, Northern Star, - finished aa
named. ' . ,
The field was lined up and sent away
in perfect order by Starter Fitzgerald.
Hermis, from the outside position,
shot to the front as if hurled from a
catapult. Passing the judges' stand,
he had secured the coveted place on the
rail, with Irish Lad and The Picket
close behind. The others did not ap
pear in the same class. On the racers
sped, around the turn and down the
back stretch, never changing position
for an instant. Irish Lad challenged
again and agaln.v but to no purpose.
He crept up on the flying leader re
peatedly, but was unable to hold the
terrific pace, much less overhaul him
The Picket, the_ hope of the Western
and Southern contingent, ran along
unconcernedly in third place untilthe
mile post had been reached.' Then he
drew up an dcrept past the Duryea
horse inch by inch.
HERMIS IS CHALLENGED.
Irih Lad was installed favorite for
the Suburban at 6 to 5: 4 and 5 could
be had against Hermis, 5 against The
Picket and the same against
while Africander and Major Dainger
field were without friends at 40 or
50 to 1. The pressure of offerings on
Irish Lad was so heavy that/9 to 10
waa asked when tho contestants were
called to the post.
NEW YORK June 16.— Hermis, own
ed by Edward R. Thomas, won
the Suburban handicap cleverly to
day at Pheepshead Bay. The son of
Hermence was on his toes when the
barrier snapped. He crossed in front
of the six competitors from the out
side and passed the Judges' stand in
the lead on his Journey of one and a
quarter miles. From the position of
command thus secured on the rail he
was never headed, and won, under a
perfect ride by Arthur Redfern, in the
time of 2:05 — the best on record for the
Suburban and two-fifths of a second
slower than the track record of 2:04 3-:>,
held by McChcsney. Irish L.ad, the
public favorite,' failed entirely to jus
tify the confidence of his backers, and
finished third, nosed out of second
honors by The Picket.
A great crowd journeyed to the Long
Island racecourse to view the twenty
first running of the $20,000 classic. Per
fect racing weather prevailed, and
more than 30,000 persons had passed
through the gates before the hour set
for the first race. The crowd grev
rapidly until every available point of
vantage had been taken, and even the
Infield waa dotted with enthusiasts.
IRISH L.AD IS FAVORITE.
Time. 1:48. Start fair. Wonjiamilly. Win
ner. W. H. Jcmiinrs" b. c. by Maxlo-Pas Seul.
Duke of Kendal. Florham Queen, Mabon, Da
mon, Scotch Thistle finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
handicap for three-year-olds and tip.
Betting. Horse. Welclit. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1 — Leader. 103 iHullman).. 4 22 1 ZH
3 to 1-i-rarbuncle. 109 fMaJ-tln) 2 6 2 2 >.»
30 to 1— Sweet Alice. 02 (Natter) « 1 h 8 2
FIFTH RACE— Five furlonss: purse,: maid
en race No. 1 tor maidens; two-year-olds.
Betting. Hor?e, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 5— Dia. Flush, 115 <Shaw) 1 2 1 1.1%
fi to 1— Don Royal. 118 (Martin) 3 lHi 2 ft
31' to I— Delcanta. IIS (Lyne)... 8 4 1,4 3 nk
Time, 1:012-5. Start fair. Won drlvinp.
Winner. R. W. Xel«on> eh. f. by St. Jullen-
Golden Tide. Raiment. Lindsay Gordon. MI
craine. Cashier, Antimony, Linda Lee. High
born, Golden Green. Gol<l Rose, Petit Due,
Gotowln, Brushton finished as named. .
Time, '2:05. Start fair. Won ridden out.
Winner. E. R. Thoman" ' ch.- h.- by Hermence-
Katy of the West. Proper, Major Dainger
fleld, Africander finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One and a fourth miles;
the Suburban: of $20,000; a handicap for three
year-olds and up.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. *; Fin.
8 to 2— Hermis. 127 (Redfern)... 1 11 1 2«i
5 to 1— The 1'lcket. 124 (Helgrsn) 5 3 4 2n
4 to JV— Irish I^ad, 127 (Shaw)... 3 23 3 10
1 to 4— S. and \Vlne.l2U (O'Ncil) 2 1 »4 12
100 to 1— Spark. Star. 117 (Redfn) 7 .111 2 2
10 to 1— Councilman. 122 (Shaw) 4 2h 3 1
Time. 1 :u" 3-r>. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. >T. Bennlngton'a ch. c. by Goldflncn-
Wldow CHquot. lilandy. Battling, Veto, Max
imilian. tiniFhed a» named.
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
tv.-o-year-o?d«: the Double Event: \
Ilettl.njr. Hon«e. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
6 to 1— Seymour. OS (Travers)... 2 2 1 1 »i
4 to 1— I^tola. «G (Coleman) 1 13 2 1 4,
3'« to 1— The Southerner.112 «Fi-hr)12 S h 3 «i
Time. 1:10. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner. C. F. Fox's br. g. by Loyalist -Duchess.
Jud*re Denton. Hobadll. Green Crest. Bob Mur
phy." Gay 'Lothario. Buckley. Niskayuna. Ix>rd
of the Valley, Tom Cod, finished as named. ¦
Onatas 161. Alien 98. St. Gallen 96. Silver Days
in;, Toi ban it. Glisten Ui. Sals S8, KlUllea 84.
Hydrangea S4.
Weather clear; trark fast.
HERJIIS, THE OR1SAT SON" OF III3RMENCK-KATT OF THK «WKST, WHICH LED FROM START TO FINISH YESTERDAY
IN THK SUBURBAN HANDICAP, LEADING OUT A SMALL BUT A BRILLIANT FIELD— MR. THOMAS. HIS YOUTH
KVL OWNER, IS ALSO SHOWN.
TACOMA. June 16.— Tacoma let the
visitors have one lonely tally just as a
present. Keefe's masterly pitching en
titled him to a shut-out. However,
in th« third, errors by Sheehan and
K»gan, coupled with Hildebrand's
timely single, secured Knell. The lat
ter was eapy for tno Tigers, who picked
many choice hits off his delivery. Nor
dyke and Graham led the batters, but
Home-run Eagan could not solve the
puzzle.
Tacoma's fielding was good, while at
times Kn <i !I'f support was yellow.
However, a fast triple play in the third
puli^ him out of a tight hole. With
on s^rond and Nordyke on
firj-t. Kagan hit to Itoitz. who threw
to Miller, killing Nr.rdyk<?. Eagan was
caught at first and before Sheehan
could score the ball was at the plate.
Thrrp wore also four double plays in
the gamp. Sho*>han. Casey. Reitz. Ir
•vin p.nd Millar carried off the fielding
honors. Score:
Tacomi— | San Francisco —
AH.n. IT. P.A AB.R. H. P.A.
T>oji». rf 4 1 1 1 l Miller, s. 4 (To 5 2
? helm. 3h 4 1 2 2 4 Jillulid. If 3 0 110
trdyk. 1b 3 1 3 « 1 V.ldrn. cf 3 O 1 3 J
|:«CBn. r. 4 O « l o Meany. rf 4 O O 0 0
J->m-li, rf 4 1 1 2 O Imrtn 3b 3 « O 1 7
'asey. 2h 3 O 1 3 2Twns:d.lb4 O 1 10 2
M I*!i. If 4 Ol o ft Reltz. 2b. Z O o 2 B
ilrahm. c 4 2 3 9 0 I-eahy, c. 3 0 0 2 1
Keefe, r. 3 o i i 4 Kneii, p. 3 11 0 2
Totals. 33 6 13 27 12 Totals. Z» 1 4 24 20
HINS AND HITS HY IXXIXGS.
T»coma 2 0 0 2 OO 2 O r— *6
Ba«e hit» 21 12O141 x— 13
£»n Francisco... "OlOOOOOO— 1
Bate hit* O OIIIIOOO— 4
SUMMART.
Error*— Sheehan. Kigan. Miller. Hlldebrand
SrMin O. Knell. Struck out— By Keele «.'.
Bas«s on halls— T5y Keefe. 2; by Knell. I. Hit
t.y pitcher— Kr*fe. 1. Wild j-ltche*— Keefe 2
Ktolen ba?e— Lynrh. T«o-hai? hits— Sheehan
INordyke <2), «;rah«m <2). McLauirhlln. Knell,
Tom-n^-nd. Sarrtflce hltf — Casey. Keefe. Dou
fcle play* — Shwhan to Canej-; Doyle to Graham-
Cif^y to Nordyke; Waldron to Townrend
Trtple play— neitx to Killer to Townsend to
l#shy Left on ba»-s— Tacoma 6, San Fran
eiaco 5. Time cf paiao— One hour aad forty
nlnute*. Umpire— OCor.nell.
JUemlirrs of Home Team Help Pitcher
Knell Out of Ticht Place.
TRIPLE PLAY AT TACOMA.
Joe Kelly knocked out Billy Kintr
in one round: Joe Bradshaw out
pointed Frank Wells in four rounds;
Harry Tenny secured th<* decision
over Dick Murray. Loren Brown out
fought Joe Podenta. and Jim Kane
easily beat Charles Dunn. •
George Peterson, the crack welter
weight boxer from the Occidental
Club, fought Ted Wolff all over the
ring at Woodward's Pavilion last
night and earned an easy decision.
Wolff was all but gone when the tlnal
tap of the gong sounded. He made a
great rush in the last round, but Pe*
terson met him squarely and proved
as good at this game as at the rangy
work. The fight was the main event
of the Hayes Valley Club's exhibition
and attracted a full htfuae. Jack Mun
roe judged the first fight and then
retired gracefully.
Joe Carroll maintained his title as
feather-weight champion by beatinf?
Tom Sullivan in a four-round mill
ami was full of scientific Jabbing ami
fancy footwork. "Southside" Jack
O'Brien gave Abe Label hta best dur
ing tfie progress of a four-rounder
that was fast all the way through.
The rest of the fights resulted as fol
lows:
Victor Leads All the Way and Proves
as Good a Ml.\cr as a /'$',
Boxer.
PETERSON' OUTFIGHTS
GRITTY TEDDY WOLFF
Time. 2:O7 3-5. Start good. Won- easily.
Winnei. W. S. Price's b. g. (3) by Wadsworth-
Marcafet Jane. Creole Jim 94. Tancred 10S.
Little Elkin 102. Wing Dance 103, Fair Order
00, finished as named.
FIXTH RACE— One and a fourth miles
three-year-olds and up; Belling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »; Fin.
K to 5 — Schoolmate, S« (Conway) fi 2 2^1 «
lit tc 1 — Si.-ux Chief, 10O il.wnce) 7 1 ',i 2 «
7 to 1— Boaster. 105 (Aubuohon) « 4 3 3 1
FIFTH RACE — Five furlongs; two-year
olds; pelllng.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
13 to 2(» — Airship, 110 (Lawrence) 4 6'i In
7 to 1 — Jade. 100 (Oliphant)... 2 3 4 2 3
15 to 1— Hadrian, 103 (Fischer). 3 lh 3 1
Time, 1:01 1-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. P. Dunne's ch. c. by Flying Dutcli
man-Falalse. Del Carina 104, .Lord .Dlxon 101.
Tramator 10'. Baylaw 102, Anona 90, The
Eye 101, finished as named.
Time, 1 :43 3-5. Start poor. Won handily.
Winner, James Curl's b. h. (5) by Slddartha-
Cantatrice. Henry Burt 114, General Steward
95, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One mile and fifty yards
three-year-olds and up; purse.
Betting, riorse. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
*> to 6 — Bragg, 107 (Knapp) 3 23 11
8 to 5 — Ananias. 05 (Reed) 2 11 2 6
11 to 2 — Th» Regent.107 i Abchn) 4 5 15 3 7
XTrafc, 1 :4t;. fctart good. Won handily. Win
ner. Frank Skinner's b. h. (4) by Odd Fcllow-
Kinda. Byway* 91. Copperfleld !'S, Spencerian
8.". Haviland 1C2. Harrison 101, Stroller 9«,
finished as named.
SBOOND HACK — Seven furlongs; purse;
thr~e-year-olds and up:
Bott::is. Horsf, Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
is to 5 — Incubator. 104 (Lewi net) 5 4 « 1 3
*i to 5— 111m Craw ford, J'ML'.ving) 4 1 Vi 2 4
15 to 1— Ahola. U3 (Knapp) 3 3 h 3 1
Tirrie. 1 :2« 4-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. F. B. VanMefr & Co.'s b. c. (4) by
Inpolsby-My Chick. Atlantico 94 Dusky 01,
Blue Miracle 101, finished as named.
THII'.D RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; Austin
stakes: selling; tlirec-ycar-olds and up:
Bcttir.g. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
it l:> 2 — Horatii'5, 10S (Oliphant). 8 S 'j 1 1
10 to 1— Fcr.ECluca. 98 <Fischer).. 5 2 1 2 1
4 ir> 1 — GlMsfnt. 'J3 (Greenfield). 6 4 h 3 2
Time. 1 :01 4-.1. Start fair. Won in a canter.
Winnei. W. W. Darden & Co.'s ch. c. by
Pit ate of I'cnzance-Kate Pelletler. Raymond K
102. Connie Prince Charlie 110. Rather Royal
106. Little Hsrry 104. M. A. Powell 1C«, Judg?
Sanfley 10G. B. isaranno 110, hu»-»ell 105. Hone
brake 115, Maxnar 118. flnisheo. as named.
The track was fast, the weather fine
and a large crowd witnessed the sport.
Three favorites and two second choices,
all well played, won. Summary:
FIR*dT RACE — Five furlongs; purse; two
year-oiil mnidens:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
K to 1— Ivan the Terrible. lli.(Bk) 3 12 16
7 to C— Bert O*ra. 10s (Oliphnt). 7 3 h 2 1
9 •.'. 5— IVrnyburn. 110 (Haackt. « 6 n 3 1
CHICAGO, June 16.— Horatius, that
good California horse which finished
fourth in the Harlem National handi
cap, won the Austin selling stakes, the
feature event of to-day's card at Har
lem. Horatius was a heavily backed
good thing, being steadily pounded
doTvn to 9 to 2 at post time. Fonsoluca,
at 11 to 1, was a good second, with
Glassful an easy third. The stake was
worth $2870 to the winner. Horatius is
owned by Frank Skinner, the Califor
nia newspaper man, who won the Cal
ifornia Derby with Bombardier. Glass
ful went to the post a favorite at 4 to 1.
Instead of going to the front, he lay
back until the stretch was reached,
and at the eighth pole looked like a
keen contender. He could not stall off
Horatius' rush, and Fonsoluca also out
gamed the Dunne trick for the place.
Horatius ran a smashing race. Last
passing the stand he took the outside,
where he would be free from interfer
ence, and ran around his field. He
closed with a wild rush in the last
eighth and won going avfc-ay. .
Special Dispatch to The Call
SIXTH RACE — One mile; purse; three-year
olds and up: ,
Benin;?. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. •%/ Fin.
11 to 2— Misanthrope. 85 (Helms). 5 17 1 10
10 to 1 — WIsser.dlne, 1OJ (Gullett) 2 3 4 2 5
5 tc. 2— Hvmethua. 100 tJ.Henn) 9 4 5 3 4,
Time, 1:46H- Start straggling. Won easily.
Winnei. G. C. Bennett's b. f. <n) by illser-
S«]ma D. ll€len Hay 102. Jerry 103. Au!e» lilt!.
Shortcake 01, Merwan 09. Frank McKee 10»l.
Klngstelle 101. John II 104. Clear the Arena VS.
finished as nim<>d.
FIFTH RACE— Ser«n furlongs purse; three
year-ol-.ls and up:
BKt'.ns. Hors«. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
fl to5— Flastlc. 1TJ (Dall) 4 12 12
Rto5 — Mottle H, 01 (Davis) 2 2 4 2 7
20 to 1— Claremont. OC (Andersn) 3 3 3 3 3
Time. 1 :32. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. L. Lemp ft Co.'s b. h. (7) by Golden
Garter-MiFs Modred Mafalda 01, Byron Rose
ICC, Light Op*ra 104. finished as named.
ST. LOUIS, June 16.— The clever use
of his two entries, Braden and Layson,
won the Kindergarten stak*. worth
520S0 to the winner, for T. P. Hayes at
the fair grounds track this afternoon
in the preseiice of 7000 spectators.
Broomhandle. the 2 to 5 favorite, was
carried wide in the stretch turn by
Layson, thus enabling Braden to come
on and win.
Elastic showed his consistent form
when he beat a good field at seven fur
longs. The weather was clear but the
track was holding. Summaries:
FIRST RACE— Four and a half furlonw.
two year olds: pur*e:
netting. Hone. Weight. Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
15 to 1— Malvina, 05 (Noonan) 12 5 1 15
13 to 5— Wakeful, 1<W (Watson).. 3 132 H
« to 1— Lone Wolf. 1<W (Austin). 2 43 35
Time. :5s. Start fair. Won eaMly. Win
ner, W. M Hayes' b. f. (2) by Lonjcstreet-
Lcyal Marie. Jim Crimes 1(W. Lucky Pick 100.
Mquozone 95. Valiant 101. Cozzen 100, Filler
85 Georgia Carter 103. Sonya 95, Lolay Street
100. Rathskellar 107, The Druggist 100, finished
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; four year olds
and up; rurse:
Bettng. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
1* tot— Hook Se Oka. 1*5 (Davis) 6 3 4 14
11 to .V- Ldy Contrary. 102 <3tvl> 5 1 'j 2 1
6tol— Caelana 10O (Anderson). 4 4 2 3 IVi
Tim*, 1 :1S. Htart. pod. Won easily. Win
ner. R. C. Farris and Co.'» br. m. (4) by
Soorplon-Tenban. Thiabe 102. Teimy Bell
102. Ethel Davis 07, Edith Bass 104. Santa
Ventura 105. Fugurtha 102. Lady Idris 102
finished as named.
THIRD RACE— One and a. sixteenth miles;
three- year eld and up; pursa.
Betting. How. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 5— Harmakls, >Xt (Rice) 3 22 In
Stol — Old Stone. »5 (Howell).. 2 12 2 3
7 to 5— Fly Torp, IMS (Schickel) 13 3
Time. 1:5.114. Start, good. Won. driving.
Winner Oneal & Eagan's ch. c. (3) by Aloert-
Montvale. Three starters.
FOURTH RACE — Five furlongs; Kinder
garten stakes: two-year-olds:
Brttlnjr. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
4 tc 1 — Brau?n. JlH <T. Knight). 4 13 In
4 to 1 — Layjon. 113 (D. Austin). 1,33/2 l?i
5 to 5— Broomhandle. 121 (Dale). 2 2 n 2 3
Time, 1:04%. Start Good. Won easily.
Winner. T. P. Hay*s* b. c. (2) by Woolsthorpe-
Edith Btlmont. Woo«iland3. 1C8, Lawler 113,
finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, June 16.— Los Angeles
jilayed a briliant game to-day and,
favored a trifle by Umpire Jim Mc-
Donald at a critical point, won the
Fame by a score of 5 to 4. In reality
the game should have beeu a tie at
the end of the ninth. Delchanty beat
• •'it a bit to deep short, but McDonald
did not see it that way and came in for
a resting at the hands of the crowd.
iJclehanty wanted, to make a vigorous
protest, but decided that discretion
was the better part of valor in this
j'Hrticular case.
The Angels cutbatted Seattle, which
i« quite a feat in these day?. They se
cured ten hits with a .total of eleven
bases. Cravath bumped the ball*
apainFt the l*-ft f.eld fence again, but
R<>t only two bases. • .; ,
Uaum pitched a clever game, having
muih th<* better of Jay Hughes for
live innings. He gave Toman and
K!o«;d plenty of work, also took a few
chances himself. Iloss made a sensa
tional running catch of a long fly foul.
Fcore:
"¦¦-.¦
s attie- | Los Anreles—
AR.R. H. P.A.! AB.B. H. PA.
J'Miin.cf ft 2 2 3 « Toman.rt 4 13 15
ilohlr.l'b :c <» 1 1 2 Kl'-od.l'b 4 1115
!"nlv..ib 4 O 1 1 2 WhWr.Sb 4 0 111
rrifk.lf . .11 O.n « Bernrd.cf 4 003 O
friith.i-f. .1112 «<ravth.rf f 1 1 1 O
Jtlkfp.ib 4 O 1 11 Ortiase.lb .1 O 0 14 «
;¦:¦¦*>.?. o o i l.noss.ir.. 4 1 2 4 0
WUson.c 4 O O S 1 4 1 1-2 <•
1 .;.! ¦ •¦ r < '• >• » .'• Uaum.p. 4 O 1 0 3
Totals.33 4 € 27 111 Total*. 35 5 10 27 14;
BDICS AND HITS BT INNING?. ¦* • '
Seattle 0 0 1 0 0 2 1 0 0— 4 ',
fla.m hit* 1 0 2 O O 2 1 O <»— «
!>>s ¦¦ ¦ t: ¦ • * o l 2 O O n 2 o o— fi
Base bit* 2 2 1 «» 1 O 3 0 1— 10
SUMMARY.
Krrorr — Van IIa!iren. Mohler. Klankenship.
Toman. Flood. Uerr.ard. Pfcles. Earned runs —
Seattle 2. L<>s Angrles 2. Two-base lifts —
j|<J.ler. Smith. «'ravaih. Three-l»asr hit— Vac
Jla'trrn. Stolon has? — Van Haltren, Moli-
Jer. Toman. U'h^!»r. Sacrino- hits —
Rmltk. tXuLse. Double playF— ilohler to
3 la 'I to BlankT^Tiip. Toman to 5»lood to <"hasr.
lla:*>* en calleO balls— Off Hugh's 1, off Haum
i.". Base on hit Ijv pitcher — By Baum 1.
s-truck out— Hy Huphes 3. by Baum 1. Left on
la^f — Heattle »•. L-.s Angeles i. Time <>f game
¦ — One hour and forty-two minutes. Umpires —
McDonald on Ur«, McCarthy at the plate.
(Pacific Coast Lfiacue.)
TV*. I... Pet. I TV. L. Pet.
Los An«elee.*3 34 ..'..'..• ri. M/Je 40 35 .633
Txcotna 43 34 ..".K»'.->an Fran 34 41 .4X;
• v, ...,:. ,i 42 34 .MZ'iMrtland 24 4S .333
.Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS
Reports from Harbin Springs last
night were to the effect that there was
little change In Jeffries' condition. Dr.
Devening spent Wednesday night at
the springs in order to be on hand
early yesterday morning. The Injured
knee still has to be bandaged^ every
hour throughout the night. Kid Egan
and Jack Jeffries have been faithful
nurses and think they will be qualified
to receive diplomas if their case lasts
much longer.
Andy Gallagher and the miner tried
infighting and did some fast work at
this branch of the game. He took his
usual dip in the ocean.
His work yesterday was half-hearted,
as It has been since the fight was post
poned. He punched the bag a little
and then boxed a round each vtith his
staff of six sparring partners. Zurirk.
a lightweight, was a newcomer. Mc-
Donald. Long and Sullivan came In for
some hard knocks.
The fate of the proposed Jeffrles-
Munroe championship fight will be set
tled within the next twenty-four hours.
Manager Coffroth. representing the
Yosemite Club, determined to visit
Harbin Springs and note for his own
satisfaction the condition of Jeffries.
Harry Pollock, who represents Munroe
In all business matters, had a consul
tation with the big miner yesterday
and It was decided that Pollock *,vou!d
go up to Jeffries' quarters to-day with
Manager Coffroth.
The situation will be thoroughly can
vassed and a definite announcement
will be made. Munroe and his people
are chafing under the present condi
tions, as he has many offers from th»
East. He Is a much greater drawing
card than when he came West, owing
to the widespread advertising he haa
received. "
Is Last Passing the Stand
and Then Goes Around His
Field to Avoid Pockets
Shows His Consistent Form
by Defeating a Strong
Field at St. Louis Fair
The Champion Is Still Con
fined to His Bed and
Improvement Seems Slow
Favorable Decision by Um
pire McDonald at a Criti
cal Time Helps Visitors
THEY WIN BY ONE RUN
ELASTIC IS SUCCESSFUL
WILL CONFER WITH JEFF
The Baseball Experts From
the Southland Play a
Brilliant Fielding Game
FINISHES WITH A BUSH
Frank Skinner's California
Horse Wins the Feature
Event at Harlem Handily
Representative of the Club
and of Munroe Will Go to
Harbin Springs To-Day
While One^ of His Entries
Carries Broomhandle Wide
on Turn the Other Wins
AUSTIN STAKES
FOR HORATIOS
ANGELS OUTBAT
SEATTLEITES
HAVES SCORES
WITH BRADEN
FATE OF FIGHT
TO BE SETTLED
THE SAN ¦¦FRANCISCO GALL', FRIDAY: JUNE 17. .1905.
WINNERS OF SUBURBAN HANDICAPS.
Leads From Start
and Wins in Rec
% ord Time.
HERMIS SCORES BRILLIANT VICTORY IN THE RICH SUBURBAN HANDICAP
Year. Horse. Time. Value.
v v. \ __ __—
1884 General Monroe.... ... 2:113-4 $4,945
1885 Pontlac .............. ....... 2:091-2 5,855
1880 Troubadour 2:12 1-4 5,697
1887 Eurus 2:12 0,095
1888 Elkwood 2:07 1-2 - 6,812
1889 Roseland 2:09 4-5 0,900
1890 Salvator ..*. 2:06 4-5 6,900
1891 Ixmiitaka 2:07 9,900
1892 Montana 2:07 2-5 17,750
1893 Ixroiander . .. 2:06 3-5 17,750
1894 Ramapo 2:06 1-5 12,070
1895 Lazzarone 2:07 4-5 4,730
1896^ Henrv of Navarre 2:07 5,850
1897 Ben Brush. *. ....... 2:07 1-5 5,850
1898 Tillo ... 2:08 1-5 6,800
1899 Bannockburn .'. 2:05 4-5 6,800.
/ 1900 Kinley Mack 2:00 4-5 6,800
1901 Alcedo 2:05 3-5 7,800
1902 Gold Heels 2:05 1-5 7,800
1903 Africander 2:10 2-5 16,490
1904 Hermis 2:05 20,000
10
hiAcrex Rppr «." bottled exclasively
JUQge *>eer a t the Brewery"
« w Pilrit y» "avor, SoBd, Creamy Foam, Clean Taste and
Brilliancy, the points of excellence contained in A. B. C. BEER
' mark it as the one perfect beer brewed. *
The American Brewing Co., St. Louis, U. S. A.
HILBERT MERCANTILE CO., Wholesale Dealers. AThe new steamer Northland was launched
yesterday at Eureka. She was built for E. J.
Dodge of this city and will be used In the coast
lumber trade. The Northland . will be towed
by the steam schooner South Bay to this port,
when her engines are awaiting her.
New Steamer fdr Coast Trade.
R. L. Durham, president of the Cali
fornia Business College at 925 Golden
Gate avenue, who .was shot Wednes
day, morning by Young W. Casteel, if
hovering between life, and death at
the Lane ; Hospital. Casteel has not
yet been charged, the police awaiting
the result of Durham's wounds.
Casteel still declines to make any
statement, leaving that task to Frank
lin K. Lane, his attorney, when the
proper time arrives. . ,.-; . . ;
Durham Near to Death.
Branch Hydrographlo Office. U. 8. N. t Mer
chants' Exchange, Ban Francisco, Cal.,
June 16.
The Time ' Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I e. at ' noon of the 120th meridian or at S
p'. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
¦ Lieutenant. U. S. N., In charge.
Time Ball.
Both of the Pacific Mall Company's new
liners, Manchuria and Mongolia, are now
heading " tor Ban Francisco. The Manchuria
cleared on Wednesday from Norfolk, Va., and
yesterday the Mongolia left Hongkong for the
return voyase of her maiden trip across the
1'nclnc. The Manchuria, Captain Saunders,
proved faeter on her trial trip than the- Mon
golia and probably will make better time on
tho run from the Atlantic to th« Pacific.
Manchuria Clears for Here.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
a 1 Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the 1
Superintendent.
•* NOTE — The high and low waters occur at l
tbe city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; tbe height
of tide Is the fame at both places.
''FRIDAY, JUNE 17.
Sun rises..... 4:47
Sun sets < 7:34:
Moon sets 10:37 p.'m. I
D ITlrnel ITirael jTline Time
¦«• I 1 Ft. I Ft. f Ft. Ft.
? In w| |l^ w| |h w l w
XI I 1:138 \ 5.5f 8:001— O.« 3:12 B.O 8:1R 2.9
4a 2-10 B.O S:53 — 0.1 3:68 6.2 9:30 2.6
10 3:17 4.6 0:42 O.4 4:47 6.4 10:40 2.3
20 4:37 4.1 10:401 1,0 5:3» fl.B 11:64 1.8
21 I 5:.">7J 4.0|U:40| l.C| 6:25 6.6... ,
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column am! the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; th»
fourth time column glvca the teat tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, 4s
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a mlnua (— )
sign precedes the height, and-then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
No change wa* made yesterday In the rates
of the vessels quoted for 'reinsurance. Th<»
Jutenpolls. Queen Elizabeth, L« Rochefoucald,
Largo Law and Willy Rlckmers. all loaded
with cas« oil and bound from Atlantic ports
for the Orient, are quoted at 7 per cent; the
Wynford, also an oil carrier, remains at 15
per ctnt; the Laura, now out 138 days from
Newcastle, Australia, for Tocapllla and more
than two months overdue, is quoted at 90 per
cent.
The Overdue List.
VENTURA— Arrived June 16— Stmr Santa
Barbara, from San Pedro.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed June JC— Stmr
Pasadena, for Eureka: stmr Lakme. for San
Francisco.
EUREKA — Arrived June 16 — Stmr 'Pomona,
hence June 15: stmr Navarro, hence June 14.
Arrived June Hi — Schr Lottie Carwpn, from-
San Diego; ¦tmr Arctic, hence June (0.
DOMESTIC PORTS,
POINT LOBOS. June 16, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy: wind NW; velocity 14 miles per hour.
TELKQRAPHIC.
June 12—20 miles west of Lizard. Br chip
Granada, from Antwerp., for San Francisco.
SPOKEN.
¦ J Thursday. June 18.
Stmr MaKle, Cornlnfr, Halfmoon Buy.
Ptmr IC A Kilburn, Jahnsen, Port Rodgers.
Htmr Bonita, Preble.' San Pedro and way
ports. . .
Stmr State of California. Nlcolson, San Di
ego and way ports.
Htmr Colmbla, Doran, Astoria.
Htmr James S HUkI'.s. MIsjRinp. Fort Kratrg.
Stmr Ventura. Hayward, Sydney, via Hono
lulu and Pasro Pago.
Ptmr Jeanle, Bartlett, Seattle.
Stmr Brooklyn. Johanpen, Mendoclno.
Stmr Pomo. Jacob*. Albion River. ,
Stmr Coronndo. Erlckson, Grays Harbor.
U S Btmr Hugh McCulloch, Rodners. Una
laska. ...
Br fhlo Marathon, Davis, Liverpool, via
Wentport. . ¦
Bark Albert, Turner. Port Gamble.
Bktn Ara«ro.- Serasen, Willapa Harbor.
8chr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
Schr Advance, Jorgensen, Coqullle River.
SAILED.
/ Thursday. June 16.
V R Btmr Tacoma, Nicolson, from cruise.
Stmr F A Kllburn, Jahnt>en, 7 hours from
Port HodBers.
Rtmr Point Arena. Miller. 14 hours from
Menioclno. via Point Arena 12 hours.
Stmr Jamrs S HiBKlns, Higglns. 57 hours
from Redondo.
fitnir Alcazar, 'SVlnkel, 45 hours from Port
Lo«i Anseles. 1 . .
Ftmr American. Colcord, CO days from New
York, via Corcnel 28 days, via San Diego 42
hours.
Stmr Gualala, Panzer, 18 hours from West
port.
Stmr Santa Kofa, Alexander, 4.1 hour* from
San PIpro. etc. .
Ger stmr Luxor, Behrmann. K.8 days from
Hambur* and way ports, via Matatlan 0 days.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Schr, Mary Etta. Small. 3% days from Sius
law River.
Hchr Jennie Griffin, Gibson, ' 3 hours from
Bollnas. % : • • -
Tuk Sea Rover, Thompson, 40 hours from
Slutlaw River. I
CLEARED. • I '
Thursday. June If.
Stmr Ventura, Hayward, Sydney, via Hono v
lulu and Pago Paso; John D Spreckels &
Bros Co.
Stmr.Jeanle. Bartlett, Seattle; B T Kruse.
Br bark Adderlv, Bergulst, Port Townsend;
J & A Brown.
Bark Olympic, Evans, Honolulu; William*,
DImond & Co.
ARRIVED,
Shipping Intelligence.
Suo United Railroads.
Suit was filed yesterday in the Jus
tices'Court by Eva Scoenfeld and Wil
liam Brolley to recover $100 damages.
The complaint states that the plain
tiffs are the children of Mary Brolley,
who fell from a "Guerrero-street 'car
on September 7, 1903, and sustained
injuries that resulted in her death.
Robert .. O'Rourke has sued the
United Railroads for $299 damages
on account of injuries sustained by
being dragged by a Flfth-etreet car.
Protests Against Laundries.
The Joint Committee on Fire
and Hospitals of the Board of Su
pervisora yesterday heard protests
against the maintenance of laun
dries on Seventh avenue, west of
Point Lobos avenue; at 1936 Flllmore
street and a Chinese washhouse on
Seventh avenue.— The committee post
poned action in order to make a per
sonal inspection of the premises com
plained of.
ko ARRIVE.
. Steamer. From. I Due.
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.|June 17
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts.JJune 17
San Jose New York via Panama. I June 17
S. Barbara. . . San Pedro [June 18
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Jun« 18
R. Dollar Redondo J.. June 18
Argo Eel River Ports June 13
G. Lindauer.. Gray* Harbor June t»
Arctic Humboldt IJune 19
San Mateo... Tacoma IJune 19
San Pedro San Pedro June 19
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma June 19
Elizabeth.... Coqullle River June 10
Pomona Humboldt June 19
Sequoia .-. Wlltapa Harbor June 10
Breakwater.. Coos Bay IJune 20
Iaqua San Pedro (June 20
Eureka Humboldt June 20
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. June 20
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Fts. June 20
Queen Puget Sound Ports June 20
Del Norte.... Crescent City |June 21
Alameda Honolulu [June 21
Chlco Portland A Astoria.... jjune 21
Pomo Point Arena A Albion. June 21
Bonita Newport A Way Ports. June 21
Rainier .Seattle A Belllngham. . June 21
Centralla * Grays Harbor June 22
Corona Humboldt June 22
'Aurelia Portland A Astoria. ... Juns 22
North Fork... Humboldt ....'Junn 11
Point Arena.. Mcndoclno A Pt. ArenalJune 2.1
Santa Rosa... San Diego A Way PU.jJune 23
Nevadan Honolulu A Kahuiul.. June 23
City Panama. New York via Panama. June 23
Columbia Portland A Astoria June 23
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports I June 25
Mariposa Tahatl IJune 2B
Sierra Sydney and Way Ports. IJune 27
St. Paul Nome and St. Michael. (June 27
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sail*. Pier.
Juno 17. |
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Jnna 18. |
S. Barbara.. Grays Harbor ....) 4 pm Pier 2
Corona ; Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Pt. Arena... Point Arena 4 pin Pier 2
City Peking. N. Y. via Panama 12 ml Pier 40
June 19. f /
Arcata Coos B. A Pt. OrfdllO am Pier 13
S. Rosa San Diego A Way. 9 am!Pler 11
Umatilla.... Puset Sound Poru. 11 am Pier A
June 80. f
Iaqua Humboldt 10 ami Pier 2
San Pedro.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Argb Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay... Ban Pedro A Way. 9 ami Pier 11
I Jane 21. I
1 Pomona Humboldt 1 :3O p Pier 9
Klizabeth... Coqullle River .... 6 pm Pier 20
Costa Rica.. Astoria A Portland 11 am Pier 21
I Jnna 22.
I Arctic Humboldt 9 amlPler 2
Centralla... Los Angeles. 10 am! Pier 10
Alliance.... Eureka A Coos B IPler 16
Coptic China A Japan.... 1 pzn|Picr 40
¦ June 23. - I
State of Cal. San Diego A Way. 9 am Pier 11
' Sequoia Willapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 20
I G. Lindauer Grays Harbor Pier —
' Jon* 34. |
, Bonita Newport A Way... 8 am Pier 11
' Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Centennial.. Seattle A Tacoma. 9 pm Pier 20
June 35. I |
Alameda.... Honolulu ..II am! Tier 7'
San Joi«. .. . N. Y. via Panama. 12 ml Pier 40
Rainier Seattle A Ullngham 4 pmlPier 10
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Aurelia Astoria A Portland 4 -pmlPler 2
June 26. I'- ( ¦-
Columbia... Astoria A Portland! 11 ami Pier 24
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. Balls.
Dliiro Skatway A Way Ports. Jun« 13
Al-Kl Fkagway A Way Ports. June 24
Oregon Nome A St. Michael.. June 25
Victoria Nome A Way Ports... Jun« 25
Cottage City.. Skagway A Way Ports. June 27
.Humboldt.... Skagway A Way Ports. June 23
Dol"hln Bkagway A Way Ports. June 23
Farallon Skagway A Way Ports. June 23
Santa Clara.. Valdei A Seward IJune 28
« ? ¦
/' ALLOWANCES FOR WIDOWS. — Judge
Coffey yenterdny ordered an allowance of $2uo
a month trom the estate of the late Dyson D
IWass for the maintenance of his widow, Isa
bella 1>. Wass. who recently established her ¦
claim as his common law wlf«. The allowance
dates from May 15.
Movements of Steamers.
Thomas Hyland, alias Hyde, was
arreated yesterday and charged with
robbery. Hyland and-t.vo others are
said to have choked and robbed Jo
seph Luttrich of 424 Broadway in the
rear of a saloon at 604 Broadway, a
few weeks ago. The thieves got 52 50
and a gold watch and chain. Lutt
rich was left in an unconscious condi
tion. He identifies Hyland as the man
who choked him. The others have
not yet been apprehended.
Alleged llobber In Custody.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Ventura
sailed yesterday for Sydney via Honolulu,
Pago Pago and Auckland with an assorted
merchandise cargo valued at f 195, 151. exclu
sive of treasure, to be distributed as follows:
For Honolulu, $I>2.SSl; Samoan Islands. $«>4R;
New Zealand, $.'(2,024; Australia. *«2,2:l5; Fiji
Island.", ftiOl; New Caledonia, $ifj. The lead
ing experts were as follows:
To Honolulu— 2<iS5 pkgs fresh fruits, 16.1
rikgs fresh vegetables. 1C44 pkgs potatoes. 309
pkgs onions. 10,463 lbs butter. 10S cs eggs,
1202 Ib9 cheese, 2400 lbs meals, 075 cs con
densed milk. 125 cs canned 4 pkgs pickled sal
mon, 225 cs assorted canned goods. 2540 lbs
nut*. fiSOO Ids codfish, 1771 lbs 3 os bread, 15C0
lbs- coffee." R4S» lbg Tiard and bacon, 81 pkgi
groceries and provisions. 31.000 lbs rice. 10 cs
champagne. 12.088 gals 2S c» wine. 76 cs whis
ky, lo bbls beer. 2725 lbs dried fruit, 27 ctls
corn, 5070 lbs freeh meat. 1502 lbs 23 pkgs
fresh fUh. 2122 lbs dressed poultry, 5«St> lbs
23 pkgyi manufactured tobacco, . 7 cyls ammo
nia. 20 pkgs paints, M pkgs dry goods, 23
pkgj machinery, «4 pkgs drugs and sundries,
22 rolls leather. 32 cs hats. If. kegs nails. 20.
bxs soap, 28 bdls paper, 1<H bdls shooks, 15
coils rope, a? pkgs electrical supplies, 19 pkgs
naval stores, 10,125 lbs soda, H5 pes steel, 78
pen 4 bdls Iron. 31 pkgs mlllwork. 24 cs arms
and ammunition, 1C8 cs boots «nd shoes.
To Samoan Islands— 20 bhls flour. 1180 lbs 1
cs meals. 748 lhs dried fruit, 113 cs canned
goods. 4SPO lbs rice. 51 pkgs groceries and pro
visions. 342 c» 13 pkgs salmon, 910 lbs coffee.
1500 lbs salt. 190 pkgs potatoes. 232 pkgs fresh
fruits. 15 pkgs fresh vegetables. 6 cs eggs. 75
pkgn pipe and fittings, 25 cs coal oil, G cs dry
goods, 7 pkgs bicycles and parts.
To New Zealand— 20,175 lbs 60 bxs dried
fruit. 11.R00 lbs raisins. 1365 lbs coffee, 2<15 cs
canned goods. 477 pkgs cereai fnods, 10 cs
liquors, 5 pkgs groceries and provisions. 10 cs
beer. 1200 lbs codfish, 8 cs wine. 130 pkgs
building material. 28 cs boots and shoes. r>9
pkgs drugs, 140 pkjs newspaper, 1 automobile,
20 c» paints. 6 cf agricultural implements, 6
pkgR electrical supplies, 31 pkgs rubber goods
16 bales hose. 3S pkgs sewing machines. 20
rolls paper. 131 pkgs machinery. 5 bbla oils. 6
bdls oars. 10 cs arms and ammunition
T.> Australia— 16.875 lbs dried fruit, '202 e»
canned goods. C10 lbs bears, 7 cs grape juice,
400 IbH lard. 1100 lbs dried fish. 8 cs whisky.
•JO cs canned salmon, 03CS lhs coffee, 400 lbs
corlflsh, 47 pkgs sewing machines, 8104 lbs
lead, 26 pkgs leather, 100 pkgs machinery. 18a
pkgs drugs, 500 cs patent medicines, 60 flasks
quicksilver, 619 doors. 463 pkgs metal polish.
1CS c» paints. 31 C3 typewriters and parts 215
pkgs building material. 20.029 ft lumber,' 78<i
cs ironware. 2^03 lbs solder.
To Fiji Islands— 104 cs canned goods, 45G lbs
dried fruit, 200 lbs coffee, 2 cs dry goods.
To New Caledonia — 19 eg canned goods, 400
lbs codfish.
Matters of Interest to JIariners and
Shipping: Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN*.
The United States revenue cutter Hugh Mc-
CuIIoch, Captain Rodgers, salleg yesterday for
Unaiahkn. The McCulloch goes north In place.
of the Bear, whose officers allowed their vessel
to stray In the path of the lumber-laden
schooner Spokane. The investigation into the
collision is nearly finished, but it will be vome
months before the Bear, which was dismasted
and cut down to the itater'e edge, will be In
condition for service. Aa *oort an the investi
gation is completed. Captain Tuttle, who la
one of the oltieen on the. board of Inquiry,
will take the revenue cutt?r Daniel Manning
in search of the mUslng^bark Hoillswood.
As Captain Preble read the message a qunr
tprma^tfr on the Bonita was shaking out the
flags set tn a signal of similar Import.
The steamers i-topprd. Just inside the fort,
and each lowered a boat freighted with the
misfit papsargerr. Half way between the ves
sels the lifeboats met and swapped passengers,
and within a ft-w minutes tho steamers re
sumed their way. tho passengers none the
worse for their mistake and the crews of both
coasters the better for some good practical
boat drill.
MeCnllocli Goes Xorth.
The rteamers State o f California and Bonita
left tire Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
v.harf yesterday at the same time. The State
of California's destination was San Diego: the
Bonita was bound- for San Pedro. A number
of San Pedro passengers boarded the San
Diego boat, and nbrne whofe tickets called, for
patrcage on tbe State of California airhled
aboard the Bonita. The mlxup was discovered
after th* boat* had pasted Meiggs wharf on
their way to s«-a.
"I have some of your passenger*." signaled
Captain Nicolson of the State of California.
Passengers Get Mixed.
Auckland — MiRS S. Chadwlck. C. L. Gardiner
l\ Dudley, Mis» E. Kuepfer. A H. Tyler, Mr?
Tyler, E. S.haefer. Richard Hammill, Miss E.
Hammill, Mrs. Hammill.
Sydney— A. H. Bryant, Mrs. W. C. Craw
ford, child and nurse, E. B. O. Cowleshaw,
F. Dohrmann Jr.. Colcnel E. A. Denlcke, Mr».
A. Forster. C L. Gardiner, E. P. Jones, J.
Kebblewhite, A. H. B. Levlen. Rev. J. H.
Aebeck. L. Baker. C. F. Blandln. Donald
Boyd. F. D. Coates, O. Jones, Mr Ltlley,
Mrs. Lilley. E. II. jr. Llttlejohn, Gaston Mrr
vale. W. E. Mlghell. Miss Mlghell, F. W. Oftil
vle. O. I). Parlin, F. H. Relph, Mre. Relph,
C. H. Smith. Mrs. E. W. Titus and two chil
dren. H. A. Wllcox. I. Myerscn. H. Rea, J. H.
Rosenthail. Matthew Rowan. Mm. E. Wade.
Miss M. Whitley. A. J. White. Mrs. White and
child. J. E. Williams, Mrs. Jones
Join at Honolulu for Auckland— G. A. Green
land. S. R. Greenland. E. S. Workman.
Pasro Pago — Victor Peters, Mrs. M. Parker,
infant and nurse. Miss A. Parker, C. C. Whit
lock.
For Honolulu— Miss M. I. Ahrens. Mi«s C.
Baldwin. E. W. Befcgp. £. Benner and child,
G. I. Brown, Mrs. A. P. Durwell, Miss M. A.
<*rai»?, Mr?. M. Dowsett. Professor J. E. Duer
den, Archie L. CJage: Dr. William Hamilton,
IT. S. N.; W. G. Irwln, Miss L. Anderson,
Mrs. J. C. AxteU. A. H. Colquhoun. Mrs. Col
»iuhoun. Master Colquhoun, J. G. Gulon, G. B.
Henderson, Mr*. Irwin. Miss Irwin, Mrs. S.
A. D. Jones, R. C. Kennedy, Mrs. Kennedy.
W. It. Lefferts. L. R. Marlow. J. J. Mulier.
Mr*. Mulier. Dr. W. O. Rogers. Mre. Van
Tempsky, Alex Young. O. C. Jones. F. Phllp,
Alex Ro?s. Mrs. Ross. E. M. Russell, Mrs. M.
Solomons and three children.
A number of prominent Honolulu
people sailed on the liner, including"
Mr. and Mrs. \V. G. Irwin and Miss Ir
win and Alexander Young. Dr. Wil
liam Hamilton of the navy was also a
passenger.
Following is a list of the Ventura's
passengers:
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Ventura* Captain Hayward, with
a full cargo and more than 100 cabin
passengers, sailed yesterday for Hono
lulu and the Antipodes.
Among the passengers was TV. E.
Mighell and Miss Mlghell. Mr. Mighell
is president of the California Shipping
Company and also an extensive ship
owner on his own account. He is go
ing away on a six months' vacation.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
NEW YORK — Arrived June 16 — Stmr Penn
sylvania, from Hamburg. . .
PHILADELPHIA — Arrived Junp 16— Stmr
Switzerland, from Antwerp.
SINGAPORE — Sailed June 13 — Span stmr
I*la de Panay, for Liverpool.
CHERBOURG— Sailed June 10— Fr ship Bt
arrltz. for San Francisco.
HULL— Arrived June 14— Br tfilp Chllton
ford. from Harwich; to load for San Francisco.
BEACHY HEAD- Pazsed June 15— Fr bark
Eujrene Fautrel. from T&coma.
SYDNEY— In port May 1O— Br ship Clan
Graham, for Newcastle, N S W, and San
Francisco.
IPSWICH — Arrived June 15— Br ship Eura
sia, hence Feb 0.
HONGKONG— Arrived June 15— Br stmr
Empress of India, from Vancouver.
Sailed June 16 — Stmr Mongolia, for San
Francisco.
ACAPULCO— Sailed June 14— Stmr City of
Sydney, for Panama. June 16 — Stmr City of
Panama, for San Francisco.
HAKODATE— Arrived June 15— Schr Mln
doro, from Shanghai.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NORFOLK— Cleared June" IN— Stmr Man
churia, for San Francisco.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER — Arrived
June 16 — Bark Star of Bengal, from Mahukona.
EASTERN PORTS
HONOLULU— Arrived June 16— Schr Esther
Buhne, from Albion.
ISLAND PORT.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed June 16— Schr
Mahulccna, for San Francisco; schr Maria E
Smith, for Guayaquil. , •
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed June 16— Bktn
Quickstep, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed June 15— Schr
John V Miller, for San Francisco; sehr Jes»le
Minor, for San Francisco; schr Roy Somers.
for San Francisco: schr Excelsior, fur San
Francisco.
Arrived June 1C — Schr Henry Wilson, hence
June 3.
¦ Snll<>tl June ltt— Schr Endeavor, for San
Krnnclsco; stmr G C Lindauer. for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived June IB — Stmr Centralla, hence
June 12: schr A J West, hence June 31; schr
Sophie Chrlsterson, hence June 4.
GUALALA— Sailed June 16— Stmr Scotia,
for Pan Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed June 16— Stmr Centennial,
for Sun Francisco.
BREMERTON — Arrived June 16 — U S stmr
Albany, from Honolulu.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed June 16— Stmr Se
quoia, for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed out June 1«— Schr Maria
E Smith, for Guayaquil.
BANDON— Arrived June 16— Stmr Elizabeth,
hence June 13. (
SAN PFDRO — Arrived June IS — Stmr 9an
Pfflro. from Port Lrfa Ansreles. »
Sailed June 16— Sch/ Kin* Cyrua. for Bel-
Ilngh&m.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Jupe 16— Schr
Alice Cook*, hence June 4.
PORT LITDI/3W— Sailed June 16— Schr
Queen, for San Francisco.
Pa sped .Tune 16. 3 t> m — Stmr Breakwater,
hence June 13 for Coos Bay; 1 p m— tug
Dnuntlesa. hence June 14 for Sluslaw River,
with schrs C A Klose and Wing and Wing in
tow. * >
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed June 15— Stmr
Santa Rosa, for San Francisco. June 16 — Stmr
Coos Bay, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed June 16— Stmr Alliance,
for San Franel.«eo; atmr Oeo W Elder, for
Fan Francisco: stmr Asuncion, for Eureka:
stmr Hyadea. for Manila; Fr ship Laennee, for
United Kingdom.
TILLAA1OOK— Sailed June 14— Schr Jennie
Stella, for Redondo.
the cabin pasxengers transferred to a tug and
landed at Union-street wharf.
STEAMERS BONITA AND STATE OP CALIFORNIA. WHICH LEFT BROADWAY WHARF YESTERDAY AT THE SAME TIME.
EACH WITH PASSENGERS BELONGING TO THE OTHER ON HOARD. THE MISFIT PASSENGERS WERE TRANSFERRED
IN LIFEBOATS BEFORE THE VESSEL PASSED OUTSIDE THE HEADS.' I
Horti«tural Commissioner Elwood
Cooper Is causing to be prepared a
book of unique interest and value to all '
fruit growers of California, and, inci- I
dentally, to many business interests in,'
this State that are connected with the !
prowing, preserving, canning and mar- \
ketlng of fruits.
The contents will consist of informs- \
tion of the ready-for-use sort about:
poales. the beneficial parasites that :
rrey upon the scales infesting at one !
time or another the orchards of Cali- j
fornia, and the text will be illustrated
vlth illuminated cuts that will accu
rately represent the damaging scales '
that cause the ruin of trees and crops
v hen their pernicious industry is per- j
mftted to remain unchecked.
By means of the pictures every at
tentive observer who has to do with the
< are or ownership of fruit trees will be
a ble to identify each and every variety
of scale that has yet appeared in Cali
fornia, and the text will give informa
tion concerning the beneficial parasite
ihat has been found to devour any par
ticular sort of scale.
DIAGNOSIS EASY'.
In brief, the book, with cuts and text, |
v ill be a means in the hands of inter- ;
< s ted persons to enable them to make
at once their own diagnosis of any det- ¦
rSmental growth that is found In the!
orchards, if such has ever previously !
appeared in the State, and will also tell j
exactly what parasite is adapted to the j
emergency.
Many scales that were once the source ;
<>f large losses have been kept in check !
by the beneficial parasites that have ]
Wen introduced from foreign lands, '
l-ittle is being paid about them because
tbefr menace was put aside. Some of
them rcay have been forgotten, or they;
may be new to fruit growers in isolated
localities. No scale has ever been com- ,
pletely annihilated by the parasites. In- J
deed, if complete destruction of any
variety of scale could be accomplished
it would be a misfortune in all proba
bility, r.
The beneficial parasites will feed on ¦,
only one sort of scale. As long as there |
axe a few scales remaining, the food
for the parasites sufficient to keep a •
few alive remains.
STARVING PARASITES.
If there were no food of the particu- :
Tar sort required by each sort of bene- !
ficlal narasite, then the parasite would
starve.
If then, the scale should reappear at;
any time it would be necessary to go :
all over the ground of arming anew j
apainst it. and time would elapse in
crfalch considerable damage might be j
done.
PICTURES ARK ACCURATE.
The cuts that are in preparation for
the forthcoming bonk have been ap- j
proved by Alexander Craw, whose
knowledge of scales and parasites is J
based unnn many years of experience, i
during whk h he has labored to find
and exterminate one and to cultivate !
the other.
A sufficient number of copies of the
book will come from the State Printing j
Office to supply those who are in need ,
<tf them. The knowledge contained in j
them ought to constitute every reader j
an assistant in some degree of the -
•State's officer to quarantine fruit tree j
rest*, by eriving ready information con- j
f-erningr what is happening in the or
chards in all parts of the State.
The prosecution sought to prove
through the witness, Williams, that at
the time Eppinger borrowed money
from the International Banking Corpo
ration the lots of wheat on which the
money was loaned were not In the
warehouse, and had not been there for
months. The prosecution is also seek
ing to show that money had been bor
rowed on more wheat than the ware
house contained. An a foundation for
this the witness was called upon tr»
show Just what lots of wheat were in
the warehouse and how much was good.
His testimony was startling, inasmuch
as he swore that certain piles of sacks
which were supposed to be filled with
first quality wheat contained nothing
but screenings or the sweepings of the
warehouse floors. At the hour of ad
journment he had not finished reading
from his list. The case will be contin
ued this morning. -.
Robert Williams, who for Bom» time
was employed In the Pacific "Warehouse
Company's warehouses at Crockett, oc
cupied the stand for the greater part
of the day yesterday irMhe proceedings
against Jacob Eppinger, charged with
obtaining money under false pretenses.
Through Williams the prosecution was
able to bring before the court testi
mony regarding the contents of the
warehouses at Crockett and to have the
diagrams made by Officer Russell ad
mitted in evidence) His testimony was
rather damaging to the defense.
The examination of Williams caused
another of the long wrangles over the
admissibillty of testimony which have
characterized the case since it was first
called. During the afternoon Attorney
Ach for the defense stated that he was
as anxious to see the case finished as
soon as possible.
The court.- In- pursuance of the powers vest
»>rj in it, orders that the certificate of Albert
Lockett at roaster lr*ued by the Minister of
Marine and Fisheries for the pomlnlon of
Canada be suspended for the period of three
calendar months from '''this date, but recom
mends that a certificate as mate be issued to
him In tbe meantime. -
The court desires especially to call the
attention of the Board of Trade to the fact
that the sailing- directions are not explicit
enough as to the currents running in the har
bor of San Francisco and off the heads, and
that • vessels - rounding Bonita Point are not
compelled to give warning of their approach
by sounding their ' whistles, a precaution
which, assuming that the report of the mas
ter of tbe Algoa had been sustained in every
particular, would, • in all probability. hav»
avoided the disaster.
That the master, Albert Iyjckett, committed
a serious error of Judgment In having star
boarded, in having not laid to for a pilot, or
•topped w anchored for a time in the channel
rather than make a dangerous maneuver.
That the ¦ master, Albert Lockett. did all
that was possible after the disaster to pro
tect the Interests of all concerned and acted
in a proper and seamanllke manner.
FAULT THE CAPTAIN'S.
That the crew behaved in a proper manner;,
that discipline was good, and the disaster
cannot b« attributed to any shortcomings on
the part of the crew or any one of them.
That Henry Nelson, first mate, Charles L.
Patterson, second mate, and W. M. Lloyd, the
thjrd mate, acted In a seamanllke and proper
manner, and that the court sees no ground
whatever for blaming the conduct of any one
of them.
That there was nothing brought out in evi
dence of any charge whatever against the sec
ond or third 'mate.
That the letting ro of the anchor by the chief
officer without Instructions was Justifiable In
view of the fact that the vessel was going
ashore, and they are of the opinion that the
letting go of the port anchor was not the
cause of the stranding and did not contribute
to it.
That the evidence as to the channel being ob
ttructed by a tug with a sailing vessel in tow
Is (ontradktory, the evidence of the pi
lots called being much at variance with that
givtn hy the officer!* and crew of the vessel.
That tueh at this discrepancy is explained by
the fact that the pilots saw the vessel from
an awkward angle and were net in fo pood a
position as those on board the Algoa. to swear
that the channel was or was not obstructed
by the tug and sailing vessel passing out t>y
the Fouth channel. The court, however. In
clines to the belief that the channel was not
obstructed, at any rate to any great extent,
an.l attributes the loss of the ves.«wl to the
matter having starboarded ' in a strong eddy
CVmt setting Inshore. They are of the opin
ion that it would have been more prudent for
the mo*ter to lay to for a pilot outside No. 2
buoy, or even to stop or anchor In the channel
for a short time when he thought there was
danger of collision rather than to have made
the starboard movement.
EVIDENCE CONTRADICTORY.
That during; the forenoon 'watch she »es off
the San Francisco heads and entered the Bonita
Channel without a pilot, but signals up for
one. That there wa* nothing in the nailing
directions cr the local pilotage directions in
regard to rtrons and variable Currents prevail
ing In the Bonita Channel, and that In at
tempting to starboard the Algoa was seized by
a strong current, which tended to drive her
on the land, in spite of the starboard anchor,
which had been let go to cant her head out
and that tne chief mate, seeing that the star
board anchor had been carried away and that
hrr position was desperate, let go port anchor
without Instruction*, and serious damage wag
done >>oth to chip and cargo.
That proi>er measures were taken to float the
vessel and the was subsequently brought safely
into iiort. ' *
That all went well on the voyage up to the
7th inet.. when s>he entered Ilonita Channel,
and that her course up to thon had been well
and truly iaid. .. ' J '
Lockett was much perturbed by the
verdict of the court. He shook hands
glumly with Consul Bennett, remark
ing that if the facts had been devel
oped he would still retain his license
as master. The suspended license was
issued by the Minister of Marine and
Fisheries of Canada and has been In
effect since 1894. The findings of the
court in ful! were as follows:
It appear? from the evidence given before
this court that she nailed from Yokohama on
or about May "(>. 11K'4. bound for San Fran
cisco with a senerai cargo and a crew of sixty-
Fix hands, all told.
Among shipping men the verdict of
the court of inquiry was fully indorsed.
It was freely stated that Lockett tcrok
an unreasonable risk for the purpose of
avoiding pilot fees. His mistake will
probably prove fatal to his future as
jiirations. as the Algoa belongs to the
Pacific Mail line, a company which
never forgets or forgives a mistake
upcrn the part of its executive offi
cers.
Albert Lockett, once master of the
Pacific Mall Company's freighter Al
goa, was deprived of his license yes
terday by a court of inquiry, the sus
pension to last three months. The Al
goa went on the rocks in Point Bonita
channel last Tuesday week and dam
age to her hull and cargo was inflicted
to the extent of more than $50,000. Sub
sequently she was floated and brought
Into port without further loss of prop
erty and with no loss of life.
The Algoa being under the British
flag, a British court of inquiry heard
the testimony and rendered the ver
dict. The court was composed of
Courtenay W. Bennett, C. I. E., the
British Consul at this port. Captain
Wood of the British ship Iquique and
Captain Armstrong of the Coptic, be
longing to the White Star line.
Lockett was called again to the wit
ness stand yesterday and reiterated his
statements of the day before regard
ing the occurrences leading up to the
Algoa's going on the rocks. The hear
ing was in open session and at the
beginning Consul Bennett ttrld Lockett
thuc it was the unanimous opinion of
the court that he was responsible for
the disaster. In his testimony Lockett
tried to throw the blame for the dam
age to his vessel upon his first mate,
Henry Nelson, who let go the port
anchor after the starboard anchor had
been carried away. Nelson was re
called and explained satisfactorily his
action without orders from the cap
tain. The verdict fully vindicated him
and all the crew.
VERDICT IS INDORSED.
They claim, however, that the com
pany lost customers through its own
acts, in that it did not furnish pure
milk or cream, but adulterated Its milk
with skimmed milk and water and
colored it with burnt sugar, and adul
terated Its cream with lime water. The
defendants deny that they have dam
aged the plaintiff in the sum of $10,000.
They deny that they have been sell
ing milk since April 1, as alleged, and
deny that thev diverted any customers
from the company or that the company
lest any customers through the wrong
ful acts of the defendants.
ADULTERATED MILK.
It is declared by the dairymen that
they were induced to enter into the
agreement by false and fraudulent
statements made to them by the com
pany's agents. They were informed,
they say, that the company was form
ing a milk trust: that it had bought up
all the milk plants and business in San
Francisco, and unless the Salomons
would sell the company would "cut
prices and drive them out of business.
The company guaranteed that the 300
shares of its stock were worth $3000
and would pay 8 per cent profit. The
dairymen declare that the statements
were all false and were made for the
purpose of intimidating and influencing
them, and in fear that they would be
driven out of business they entered into
the agreement and became the com
pany's agents. Upon discovering that
the company had not bought all the
milk plants and that its stock would
not earn 8 j*r cent, the defendants say,
they rescinded the sale and tendered
back the consideration. .
The defendants deny all of the cor
poration's charges, and aver that on
February 21, 1903, they agreed to sell
the Merced dairy for $4918 and 300
shaies of stock in the United Milk Com
pany. The cash was to be paid In two
installments of $2418 and $2500.
FALSE STATEMENTS.
The United Milk Company is charged
with intimidation, fraudulent repre
sentation and supplying adulterated
milk in various clauses o{ the answer
filed in the Superior Court yesterday
by M. Salomon & Sons to the suit of
the milk combine for $10,000 damages.
In its complaint the milk company
alleged that the Salomons hftd sold to
it the Merced dairy and agreed not to
engage again in the milk business in
San Francisco except as the company's
agents. The Salomons, it was said, did
not live up to the agreement, and, fur
thermore, diverted more than 160 of the
company's customers. This constituted
the damages alleged. (
Odd Book Is Compiled for
Instruction of Growers
and to Save Orchards
Desire to Save Pilot Fees
Alleged to Be Cause of
Algoa's Going on the Rocks
Maps Showing the Location
of Piles of Grain Are Final
ly Admitted in Evidence
3IAKES FARMERS WISE
SENSATIONAL EVIDENCE
ALLEGE ADULTERATION
Replying to Suit for $10,000
Damages Defendants Are
Author of Many Charges
ECONOMY COMES HIGH
Court of Inquiry Decides He
Is to Blame for Disaster
to Pacific Mail Freighter
Horticultural Commissioner
Pictures in Colors Scales
That Destroy Fruit Crops
Witness Says Sacks at Crock
ett Were Filled With
Sweepings or Screenings
Dairymen Aver That United
Milk Company Falsely
Represented Conditions
COOPER PLANS
VALUABLE WORK
MILK DEALERS
ANSWER TRUST
LOCKETT LOSES
MASTED LICENSE
LITTLE WHEAT
IN WAREHOUSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; FRIDAY. JUNE 17, 1904.
11
Among Those Crossing the Pacific on the Oceanic Steamship Company's
Liner Are Some Prominent Honolulu Residents and a Number of Well
Known Colonials Bound for the Ports of New Zealand and- Australia
VENTURA CARRIES MORE THAN A
HUNDRED PEOPLE IN HER CABINS
The Kosmos liner Luxow arrived last even
lnt from Hamburg, too late to pass quaran
tine She will be inspected early this morn
lug.* The steamer probably will be held by
tiia Quarantine authorities for t umigaUon . and
Too Late to Pass Doctor.
ADVEHTISEJkLEITTS.
Eastern
Excursions
DATES— June 22. 23, 28.
July I, 2, 7. 8. 13. 14-
Augnst 8, 9, 10, 18, 19.
September 5, 6, 7. 8.
October 3, 4, 5, 6.
LIMITS — Good going on day
of sale, with stopover east
of California; transit limit,
10 days. Good 90 days for
return; stopover anywhere.
SEE GRAND CANYON
ROUTES— Santa Fe and con-
nections going. Different
route returning if desired.
RATES—
St. Louis and return $67.50
Chicago $7^-5o ¦
New York " $rt»8.5O
-v Boston " $109.50
Philadelphia " $107.50
And other Eastern Points.
These rate* for direct lines.
TRAINS— Tickets are good
on all Santa Fe trains,
including the California ,
Limited semi-weekly.
ASK US.
saitta fe orriCE— 641 Market St.
OAKLAND — 1112 Broadway.
BEBZZLST — Santa 7* Depot.
SANTA FE IS/THE WAY'^
-
HEALTH and HAPPINESS
i "Jftm. ¥¦ HsMfil E*ll»t * on ui or
. ¦' -\ jiATtiT fc^t^^PSr^l. »" • roarkable !
i : ! ll— •"'",<*> w^*3£rj»«\\ v a <; u u m
• ji 1 [t^tofinfilfa^TZfil tr*' tinea l It ,
i Gft I* r - Lawrence *«/53fc» and vigor of
\e=5£3£»-. - «B fully er.Iant*
and completely (Jfve.'op the organs. Used with
1 v.t voluble medicated urethra] crayons will
<,-rlckly cure where all else falls. Losses,
t'^'uLUfCCT UQETHQM. MCDICA I ION
Drains. Seminal Weakness,' Varlcocele, Strict-
ure. Premature Decay.' Prostatltls, etc. W«
heve the best home treatment In the world an4
rend It on 10 days* trial and approval. No
C. O. T>. fraud scheme. Call or write for book,
sent securely sealed, free. Our physicians cur*
all tflseases of tan In a sdentiflc manner.
Hours ft to 9. ecmdayi,* 10 to 1.
HEALTH APPL1AKCB CO., 0 O'FarreU st
ADVERTISEMENTS*
1 - I
. A $9 Trunk for $6
', It's one of our special offers
for exposition and vacation
I travel. If vou need a trunk,
bag or dress suit case, see our
line before you make your
purchase.
A. B. SMITH CO.
128 Ellis Street, Above Powell.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
i ' — T ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦*
_y^\C Steamers !«vr» Broadway
'/QJ^-^StfV wharves, piers 0 and 11.
f^£_ Sa!V Francisco:
/Q/T&V'Vf) \*\\ For Ketchlkan, WrangM,
I f \\r»r]i 1 I Juneau, lining Skagway,
\ X llWu! I * tc -< Alaska— 11 a m. .Inn--*
\*Vv \\ la/ 19 - -*• July 5 * Change t>
\ysj» _/{!/ Company's steamers at Pe-
•NA&igJlvrV/ attin
For Victoria. Van<^urer.
Port ' Townsend, Seattle. Tacoma. Everett,
Bellingham — 11 a. m.. June 19. 24. July K
L'hanrrrt at Seattle to this company's steamer*
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver tn C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Hnmboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1 :.t(>
p. ro., June 21. 27 July 3. Corona. 1:30 p. m..
June 18. 24, 30. July 6.
For iJos Angeles I via' Port Los An*eles and
Redondo), San PWo an4 Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 0 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Ix>s Anjreles (via San IVwiro and Kast
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (Saa
Luis Oblspc), Ventura and Hupneme.
Bontta 9 a. m.. June Irt. 2*. July S.
Coos Bay, 8 a. m., June 2l». 2S, July «.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, £an Jose •: I
Cabo. Maxatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas <Mex>. 10 a. m., Tth each m<>.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1W4— Th*
palatial excursion steamship Spokane will
leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria June 21.
July 5. li). Auk. 2. Irt.
For further Information obtain folder. Riirht
is reserved to change steamer* or sailing <1atr*.
TICKET OPTTCES— 4 New Montgom-
ery »U (Palace Hotel), 10 Market St.. and Brwid-
way wharves Preiiffct OJT.cs, 19 Market <t.
C. I>. Pl'NAS.V, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st., San Trandsco.
o, /?. a jv. co\
COLT'MBIA sails June 16. Irt, July «, 1« anl
28. OEO. W. ELDER sails June 21. July U
11. 21 and KL Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND. OR., and short rail line from Portlan I
to all points Kast. Througn tickets to «ll
pctnts. Steamer tickets Include berth anl
meals. Steamer sails fcot cf Spear st. at 1 1
a. m. S. V. BOOTH. Gen. Act. Pass. D?pt.. I
MontK^mory st. ; C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agent
Freight Dept., 3 Montgomery st.
OMaB!cS.s.co.»M
S S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. June 25, 11 am.
a S MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. July 2. 11 a. m.
S. B. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday, July 7, 2 p. m.
I.D.SPRECXILS & BE01 Ca.ilti.TltiKt 03:3 515 {L'-
tBL Mlflt C3a3Bl^?ro»L. Hit I. i'nit: .:.
(•03IPA05IB SEXUAL » rKAJISATLANTIQJJL
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. Jr-*^.
Hailing every Thursday inst-a.1 of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. **" J "* : -*
North Kiver, foot of Morton St.
First cl&ss \o Havre. JTo and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway I Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUQAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue, rian Francisco.
Tlcktts sold by all Rallroaa Ticket Agents.
To TJ. S. Ifary Tard and yallsjo.
STMRS. GEN FR1SBIE. MOXTICELLO ami
I ARROV*'— 9:43 A. M.. 12:30 noon, a: 13 P. M..
CCO P M . 8:30 P. M. «ex. Sunday): Sunday*
0-45 A. M. 8:30 P. M. Leave Val!«Jo 7:(><>
AM. 0:00 A. M.. 12: SO NOON, 3:13 P. M..
CCO P. M. (ex. Sunday); Sundays 7:00 A. M..
4-15 P M - Fare on« way. Mr. Landing ant
office Pier 2. foot Mission st. Phone Main
13C8. ' HATCH BROS. '
To U. S. Navy Yard and Vallejo.
<stmr II J. Corcoran — Leaves S. T.. foot o{
Clay st . north end of ferry bid*.— Week days.
»-2u AM. 3 and »8 P. M.; Sundays, »:3»
AM 8 P. M. Leave Vailejo— Week days. \
«-30^f^M 12:20 and 3:30 P. M.; Sunday*. 5 J
p \i "Fare 25c each way. Excursion rates.
«;ur.davs to Valla Jo. Gl«n Cove and Martinez.
»y : round trip. PIPER/ ADEN OOODAU,
CO , phone Mala Wl. •Saturday exempted,THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY. JUNE 17, 1904.
12
ASTHMA BEMEPT.
A. Dl Nola's Asthma Remedy relieves instant-
ly: 10c. 25c. BOc 1602 Market. St. Klcholaa.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN'.
LADY~wlll board~lina~carrfor two boys under
14; 1 block from ocean beach; reasonable.
Boi 2150. Call of flea.
FRENCH boarding for - children. MRS.
OUXTZ. 663 Pine pt.
B17SI>ESS CHANCES.
I A^$350<V CORNER saloon: close to Sutter St.;
place «tab years; doing- an excellent busl- 1
n«ss : lease;" rent $116: net rent J48; elegant
fixtures. Se« R. O. WILKE. 23ft Kearny.
A— $16,000; BARROOM: owner never clears
less than $1000 per month; location and busl-
ness can't be beat. See K. G. WILKE, 26&
Kearny St. _^____^_____— —
1 a $800; PARTNER wanted In office of manu-
facturer's asent ; a flrst-class offer for good
man- $500 to be invested in business; office
clears about $250 per month. See R. G.
"WILKE. 26Vj Kearny st.
A.— $700; BAKERY across the bay; established
years and doing a first-class paying store
trade: value in sight. All particulars R.
G. WILKE. 26 Vj Kearny st.
X— $600; YOUNG and active man wanted to
run grill room In one of the finest barrooms
In this city; no rent to pay; references want-
ed. See R. O. WILKB. 26H Kearny St.
A— $1100; CORNER grocery and bar on choic-
est location of Dvvlsadero st. : must be sold ,
at once, on account of death in family: lease; 1
rent $37 60; a splendid and rare chance. See
R. O. WILKE. 2CVa Kearny st.
A— $2250; CORNER saloon on Montgomery St.;
established many years: rent $85; lease; a
good-paying place and well advertised. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearoy st. '
A— $2200; ROADHOUSE! Roadhouse! Road-
house! "With 13 furnished rooms; rent $40;
lease; a first-class paying resort. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Keamy tt.
A— $800; CORNER saloon; rent $20; a splendid
location in the Mission: place doing a busi-
ness of about $15 per day. R. G. WILKE,
26 H Kearny st.
A— $3500; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery st., vicinity of
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
count' of ill health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A — $4S0: BARBER shop; 3 chairs; best location
In the Mission: rent $15. Bee R. G. WILKE,
26^i Kearny st.
A— $2500; SALOON; choicest location on Mar-
ket st.; low rent; good lease;- elegant fix-
tures and a first-class paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26fc Kearny st.
A— $600; CHOPHOUSE and coffee saloon, opp.
cable house; place estab. years, with steady
and transient customers; owner clears about
$175 per month. See R. G. WILKE, 2(5%
Kearny st.
A — DRUGSTORE, drugstore, drugstore; price
$4500: established 27 years; lease S years;
rent $60; one of the best paying stores in this
city; owner to retire. Call R. G. WILKE.
2CU. Kearny st.
A— $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
r<x>m*, kitchen and dining-room, 37 beds,
peo.1 furniture; lease; place paying well. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2000; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton sts. ; rent $150; lease; place estab-
lished years; first-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2C%«Kearr.y st.
A — $.'150; BRANCH bakery and delicatessen
store with 4 rooms; rent $25; fin* location;
good business. See Ii. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A— $375 cigar stand, transfer corner; rent $23:
good paying place. R. G. WUke, 26% Kearny
$1200 — GROCERY and barroom; well stocked;
prominent corner, including 3 flats paying
half rent; 5 years' lease; rent $70; price
$1200; cause, sickness. MERCHANTS'
AGENCY. 100S% Market St.
RESTAURANT seating 52 people and flat
ab.ove; 6 rooms; 5 years' lease; located near
large factories and lumber yards; cause sick-
Iiffg, MERCHANTS' AGENCY. 100S>i Mkt.
PACIFIC Real Estate Co., 1015 Market st.
$S0: cigar store, at corner saloon.
$900; saJoon. on busy street; near Market.
$425; no competition; grocery and liquors.
$1300; finest roadhouse in Alameda County.
$2500; partner; swell hotel and bar.
$1200 and $550; fiats. Van Ness ave.
CHARCOAL burners — We have 200 acres
beavy oak. manzanlta and madrone timber
to tjrn Into charcoal; will sell for royalty
or percentage; three miles from R. R. ; down
hill; easy to reach. Hermosa Ranch Co.,
Cloverdale, Cal.
HOTEL for sale in a good business town in
San Joaquln Valley: building contains 62
rooms, office, bar. billiard and card rooms;
house and furniture in first-class condition;
will eell reasonable and on easy terms or for
cash. Box 822. Call office.
BARGAIN — $300; Icecream, confectionery, ba-
kery and stationery stcre. good for young
couple; 2 nice living room's; part of house-
hold goods; rent $12; sickness cause of sell-
ing: Investigate. Address box 1211, Call
offlce. Oakland.
, $r>r.C SECURES % interest in fine paying com-
mission business clearing $150 monthly to
fach: references exchanged- experience un-
necessary, but must be sober and reliable.
Particulars. 1007'.i Market st., room 1.
FOR sale — Coffee, tea and spice route over
IS years' standing; selling on account of re-
tiring from business. For particulars in-
quire at 119 Front st., between 11 a. m.
and lpm.
"WANTED — A partner with about $400 In a
business that will pay big every month, In
raising an article that is in demand in al-
most every restaurant. Particulars, box
2528. Call office.
ONE of the b»*t groceries in the Mission for
?ale. a« a whole or In part; good family
liquor trade. Address box 1096. Call office.
$2000 — BONA fide bargain in new enterprise:
sure to. make $3000 to $.">000 year; monopoly
on goods selling at a large profit; chance of
a lifetime. For particulars, box 1*372, Call.
A NICELY located restaurant for sale, situ-
ated among large lodging houses. I am com-
pelled to leave the State or would not think
of selling. Box 754. Call office.
I AM anxious to get into the grocery business
in San Francisco. If you Have one for sale
I lease address with full particulars, price,
etc.. box 811. Call office.
BAKERY in Oakland doing $70 cash business
i per day; $1600; part cash and will take bal-
ance out In trade. Address box 1210. Call
office. Oakland.
FOR sale — Well-paying milk route, 7 cows,
horse and wacon, on account of sickness.
Inquire 1400 Guerrero st.
RESTAURANT for sale; just the thing for
man and wife. Apply 60S Hayes 6t.; easily
clears $.*• a day.
ENERGETIC man with $IOO0~can make~$10.~
000; something extra; investigate. Box 1074,
Call office.
BUTCHER shop: $350; rare opportunity; good
business; owner must go to country; call be-
fore Saturday. Inquire at 2S65 Clay st.
FOR sale — A restaurant in the Mission; trans-
fer corner; place is paying well. Address
box 687. Call office.
TOR sale — A completely furnished hotel In
Petaluma; rent low; 25 rooms; win sell rea-
sonable. Address box S07. Call office.
$275 — CANDY and fine rastry store; 525 Tay-
lor: 3 nicely furnished rooms and base-
ment: electricity; large stock: bargain.
WANTED — To buy a grocery store across the
bay. Oakland. Berkeley or Alameda, Ad-
dress box 877, Call office.
WANTED — Partner"; must be honest and have
few hundred dollars. Box 1073, Call office.
SALOON for !-al<= at a bargain, on account of
sickness. 141 Second i»t.
A— p/RTNEK wanted In milk business. Ad^
dress box 851. Call office.
SALOON license and fixtures for sale. See
owner. 1 to 2 or 0 to 7 p. m., 660 Howard st.
WANTED — $400 at 1 per cent- per month;
good security. Box 1075, Call office.
CIGAR stand and billiard hall. 165 Seventh
et. ; cheap.
GROCERY and bar for eale. Apply 321
Bryant st.
SPLENDID chance to buy a well-located, long-
established business. 203, Fourth st.
RESTAURANT, established for 9 years, at
bargain. 1436 Turk st.
$100— PARTNER wanted to attend counter;
good profit. Call at 229 Fifth st.
HAIRDRESSERS— Cail and see my place;
must sell; make offer. 1153 Market St. -
CALL route for sale: a flue large Call route
in the city of Alameda. Box 2179. Call.
FOR nale— The Union Hotel; manufacturing
town. Benlcla. Cal.
FOR sale — A restaurant in Napa. doing a fine
business. Box 2563. Call office.
FINE newspaper rout* for sal*. Inquire at
this office. ' • '.' l •; > ' i'^;' - j
THE CALL
JOIIX D. SPRECKCLS Proprietor
Address Communications to
W. J. MARTIN. .... .Business Manager
TEX DOLLARS REWARD.
Notify The Call Oltice if You Miss
Your Paper.
If lor any cat:»e THE CALL 1« not de-
livered resrtUarly to subscriber* please
call tip "CALL BXCSANOB" and notify^
Subscription Clerk ia chanr*. Tour com-
plaint Trill receive prompt attention.
A standing" reward of Ten Dollars
< $10.00) is offered for the arrest and
ccnviction of any one caujrht stealinr
THE CALL.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CAUL. The Operator TO Con-
nect You With the Department You Wisn.
Publication Of Ce«.... Market and Third .8. F.
BUtMtal Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson «t.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per k - T8
Ct*. Per Montto. Blngle Copl« i» Cts.
T«nc« by Mall. JncluSlng Poeiage (Cash vwta
Order.) : ,„ -.
DAJLT CALL (includ. Sunflay). 1 y*ar...*8 .00
J3AILT CALL (includ. Sunday). « mos... 4.W
UAILT CALL— By Single Month „«"-
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year ~j~
WEEKLY CALUJMTear j-—^* ¥ E ££
FOREIGN J kSu&t 41S Per Year Kxira
POSTAGE. 1 WeVkly 1 00 Per Year Kxtrs.
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
6arap!« Copies will be forwarded when re-
<juetted.
Stall n-becribers In orSerir-g charge of ad-
Cree» should b« particular to irlve both IsEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
QDCSt.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broafiwiy Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
£1*8 Center Street Telephone North 77
•WASHINGTON' CORRESPONDENT: .
EAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
WaJdorf-Astorla Hotel: A. Brentano, 31
trticr. Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-ave-
HM Hotel tr.J HoSman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Uctel; Palmer Houee.
CHICAGO REPRESENT ATTVE:
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.-Marquette Building
(Lcne Distance Telephone. '"Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IK* Market ttreet, opposite Fifth; open until
11 *?. m.
C27 Montposiery street, corner Clay; open
urtil 9:^0 o. m.
BOO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
£."';• McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
612 Larkin etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
Wl Mifsicn etreet; open until 10 p. m.
SSQ Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
If*". Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
10S6 Valencia etreet; open until 9 p. m.
>."c rthpart comer Church and Duncan streets;
r.i«-n until 9 p. m.
North-rest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 FlUrr.ore etreet: open until 9 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN*
FOR TI1E SUMMER.
CALL subscribers contemplating" a
ctzjize of residence daring* the summer
months can have their paper forwarded '
by mail to their new address by notify-
in? THE CALL Business Office. This
paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local
agent in all towns on the coast.
MEETIXG NOTICES. ~
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1, K. - ?..
Rctrulai Assembly THIS EVEN- TSEr
N1NG at 6 o'clock. Order of Red E2
«'ro5s. All fraters courteously in- ym
vi-.ed.
OIARLKS M. PLUM, Commander.
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44, F. and « '
A. M — O'flcfn- and members are re- yv
f-pectrul!y requested to assemblf at fSf\
the Temrle TO-DAY at 2 o'clock p.
m... for the purpose of attending the obse-
quies of our late Brother, JACOB PE1SER.
By order of the W. M.
THEO. FROLICH, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodre No. 13C,. f. and A. fl[
M.. Tvill -neet THIS .EVENING, 7:30 Vy
o'clock. Second Uecree. /^r\
CEOl'.GE PENLINGTOX. Secretary.
tTERANZA ITALIANA Lodge Wo. Q
2'.9, Y. &nd A. M— Third degree **Af
THIS <FKir>AY) EVENING at 7:30
o'clock. G. SCALMANINI, Sec.
APOLLO Lodge No. 123. I. O. O.
I" -INITIATION THIS 1 f"P.I-S>^S#-£ri
DAY) NIGHT Jcne 17. >---£i£9^c*5
o'cinfk sharp. MEMORIAL "^%W"?&s*"
SERVICES Friday night, June 24, S o'clock
sharp. All members are earnestly requested
to be present. Visiting brothers cordially In-
vited GEO. C. TERRILL, N. G.
W. F. NORCROEg. r.cc, B»c.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. K. of P.. -<*•
meets THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING
j-.t y o'clock, Pion-jer building 24 "&***V
Fouith st. Pa«re rank. Visitors in- £&£>£
viva. F. O. MOLL. C. C
It. N. McLENNAX. K. of R. and s.
niT.KKA Lodre No. » K. of P i»09 __
Slarkrt St., meets THIS (FRIDAY) *~*H*.
I-VKNING. Pace Rank. A frat<rn- ra £g^<
"w. cnoNiN. c °c s ' -eiS^t
I. W. C. EEATT1E. K. of R." and S.
CAN FP.ANCISCO Tent No. 18, JRsfcfrK.
K. O. T. M.— Review THIS /gKffi^Mt
• FRIDAY) EVENING, at 8 nT2$~7Z\&\
«'clock. Pioneer Hal! 24 B'M V£ IF'l
FourtJi rt. l-»? /fr)\XZ§
D. Ii. RICHARDS, *%££itr : 5&
P.ecord Keeper. Sfiogii^y
REGULAR mminE of tbp Caledo- «-»
riian Club THIS EVENING at 8^.>l.^
o'clock, Scottish Hall. 117 Larkin nVT^
«. A. M. MACPHER.SON. Chief. >^^t
JAMES H. Dl'NCAN. Secretary.
REMEMEER the third annual excursion of th«
.^ ?, F " . M " W " at Pua6et p *-*- Santa
Ot-z Mountain*. SUNDAY, June 19 1904
T! ?, ias c i« v « ™ r 1 an* To-xnaend sts. at
* -U S:30. HAT. and 9 a. m. 9 o'clock train
TV, Points, excepting Twenty-fifth
and \a!*ncla ytg. Adults »: children 50c.
ATTOnXEY's-AT^LAwT
A PRIVATE, quirk divoree^for^smalT?^ '
J.nab!!t;hed 22 yrs.; .ins. 1,2 ¦] 4 & 6 jw. n
: JP< Wj »-" k « £-. between MsLso'n and' Taylor'
Advire free -ill matters Detectivea employed.
K V-,i l \, KIIC "' AUorn *>"-<«-L*w. ExamTbidV.
C:h flocr; entran-e room till; established 15
:<arj!; all cases, general court and office prac-
"!"-. no fee in adverce or for consultation*
..'.'¦' n! P."lI ) Lf£? oi !li Ir ' rr ' t ' Tel. Red 3601.
PExsioar Btty.— m. HARmsTVo~i:Tii8~Bt^ is
• L r S J£ a "! C 7Lr fl S./ r< " m many thousands of
" fi d:^' • ailors - Widows and orphans on Pa-
-flj*- 00 * 61 ior m nom JJ la 2'Lff cur * d Pension!
/.A-IflVORCE— Ccsu ?:2: quickTquletradvir*
.rrr: no charge unless successful
'.:¦:* Market st.. room 4.. bee Sd and 4th.
riVORCE— Corts. *12f^u7ckr-flu!etr~idvic^
free; all law buui.ic«E; no charge unless «ue-
_ ¦'*" £fful - °P en evenings. 027 Market, room SOI,
ADVICE free: divorce costs $12: no fees or
costs in advance; all law butine-a; office
or en Fattrflay eveninga. 81D Market et.. r. 03. j
DIVORCE law a specialty: no publicity; advice
free; costs $12. Ad. H.A.S.. P.O. boi 2109. ef!
L. g. CLARK. S27 Market et; consultation
free; no fees in advance; open evenlnca.
AUTOMOBILES. ~~
AUTOMOBILES— LiveTy, garage and gaiet-
rooms; automobiles of every description
bousfrt and sold; will buy or <ell recon<i-
tiaod machines. See us before vou do any-
thing with your machine. Phone South 702
Pacific States Automobile Co.. 217 Ellis st.
WANTED — To buy an automobile In first-class
condition; mutt be reasonable; gasoline rre-
f'-rred. Box 755. Call off.ee.
FOR eale cheap— A white Etanhope automobile
in flrst-claes running order. Box 864, Call.
OLDSMOBILB for tale; $350; In first-class
rennins order. Box 683, Call office.
BPSIffiEgS CHATfCES— C«n«n«ea.
A— CAMERON «t CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St.. corner Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale— Well -furnished 5-room ark, moored
ene hour's ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing; also for winter shooting and
fishing: all modern conveniences; new. one
year; price f2200 complete. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy »t. k _j
FOR nale— Well-located bazaar and furnishing
goods business; cheap r»nt; 6*4 years' lease;
cne of the best transfer corners in city; do-
ing fine business; other interests cause sale;
price $5000. See CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR eale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $40 to J70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hse. or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR eale— Electrical and locksmith business;
central location; established 9 years; rent
$30; clears $90 to $100 per month; price $500;
must sell on account of other bueiness. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy et. '
FOR sale — Carriage and wagon factory and
general Jobbing; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc.;
full investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON A CO., 3 Eddy, j
1 EXCHANGES mads in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houees and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Grocery and bar in Hayes Valley.
Bor particulars, box 838. Call office.
LODGING-HOUSES . FOR 8ALB y
A. CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
i 65 rooms; best downtown nmerdal house
in city; clearing no-v $300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
In California; must leave city.
17 rooms; rent only $70; fine little apart-
ment-house; sickness; must sell; snap; $700.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; flrst-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished:
clearing $50l» to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close In;
clears $400 per month; $4uOO down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition:
good lease.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance;
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $500
per month: to be sold at a bargain on account
of departure.
8 rooms: fine upper flat; rent only $30; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
5450.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything in
first-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $20O per month; If run
transient can clear J300 to $350 per month;
here is best proposition in city; price $3200.
7-room flat; rent $40: oak furniture; rood
carpets; sickness; price $350.
10S rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar: can be run In conjunction If desired;
rare chance for right parties; part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of the house; other busi-
ness interests demand immediate departure.
14 rooms; rent only $57; oak furniture: good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $900.
105 rooms: cheap rent; first-class up-to-date
commercial bouse; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
1J» rooms; rent only $100; well furnished:
little apartment-house; reduced to $1500.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
21 rooms; corner; rent only $S5; oak fur.;
good carpets; housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
, $1000.
ISO rooms: grand, new, modern apartment-
house: elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month;
close in; full nice people; bargain if taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
126 rooms: rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease: clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the beat buys in the city.
Large list of real . estate, rooming-houses
and business, for exchange or trade, always on
hand. A. CAMERON &. CO., 3 Eddy st.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg.. over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 3697.
Rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
JUNE SNAP — 17 rooms; cost $2960 2 years
ago; swell corner north of Market: large
rooms, splendidly furnished: rent $75; full
of roomers; price $1700; half cash.
MARION GRIFFIN.
HIGH CLASS and very beautifully furnished;
85 rooms; electric elevator; electric lights;
rent $451; lease for 9 years and 9 months;
building NEW AND MODERN; exclusively
with MARION GRIFFIN.
NE. CORNER house of 16 rooms, north of
Market; all rented; but 2 occupied by land-
lady; rent only $32; clears monthly $50;
price $400; half cash. MARION GRIFFIN.
ANOTHER CORNER of 32 rooms. 3 block* of
Market: rent $100; lease; 3 floors; clears $91;
price $1400; will be worth $3000 before close
of St. Louis World's Fair.
MARION GRIFFIN.
SWELL, respectable house, most beautifully
furnished: extra fine hair mattresses; new
and modern building on sunny corner: 24
rooms; when you see It you'll buy It of
MARION GRIFFIN.
MILITARY PRECISION Is noticeable in clean.
lir.ess of this 34-room house; average month-
ly profit $212 50; 111 health impels owner to
sacrifice; price put down to $2000.
MARION GRIFFIN.
HONEST, respectable 23-room house full of
nice roomers, who take care of their own
rooms; «orner house; extra sunny; price
$1500; part cash; rent $35.
MARION GRIFFIN.
HALF-PRICE; worth $1000; will take $500;
11 sunny rooms, nicely furnished in oak and
cherry; full of men roomers; north of Mar-
ket: rent $55; income $00.
MARION GRIFFIN.
SPLENDID 40-room house on Sutter st.. In th«
best jioBsibie condition; full of the most de-
sirable people.; profit $150 monthly: low rent;
\ low price; long lease. MARION GRIFFIN.
FINE CHANCE to get the best 100-room new
and modern house In this city: fine location-
very fine furnishings; it is thoroughly first
class. MARION GRIFFIN.
THIRTY rooms, nicely furnished, lease... $3500
26 room*, all men roomers, low jent. ... 1000
.115 rooms, low rent, country transient.. 6000
31 rooms, rent only $55 ]500
?0 rooms, rent $70, transient.. 1500
fit rooms, rent $3 per room... .......... 3400
Monty to loan on furniture at low rates.
__ EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
$600 — TRANSIENT heuse; 16 rooms; furnished-
3 years' lease. MERCHANTS' AGENCY.
IOOS1.4 Market «t.
$400 — NEATLY furnished flat, 7 rooms, bath,
etc.; two windows to erfch room; gas and
electricity; rent $30. MERCHANTS' AGEN-
CY. 1008',j Market st.
OUTFIT for 10-room lodging and boarding
house; furniture and steel range like new;
must be gold Immediately, because of acci-
dent; your own price. 760 6th ave.. nr.Chutes.
$1000— LODGING-HOUSE: choice location:
j '. near Market st.; 22 neatly furnished rooms;
must be sold aulck; cause, sickness. Mer-
chants' Agency. 1008% Market st.
' 42 'ROOMS— Cor., near R. R depot; rooms all
full; clears $125 per month: rent $3 per rm .;
owner tick; must eell; $2350. Box 453. Call.
FOR sale— Lodging-house; 23 rooms; good
business." 462 Twelfth st., Oakland Cal.: no
agents.
S5-ROOM Market-it, house; busy corner; Al
transient; I will tell at low figure or tx-
change. Box 3486, Call office.
LODGING-HOUSE In Tonopah for sale; 20
rooms; all full: rents $1 to $1 25 per day
Address box 599. Call office. . /
FOR sale— 11 rooms; always full; sunny corner:
leaving city. 291 Sixth »t. ...
FOR eale— Lodging-house; 231 Third, et.: 20
rooms; owner nick; price $950; rent $78.
COTTAGES TO LET-— FURNISHED.
8ECOND~aveC : ''44l/ near Clement— Furnished
cottage; -4 rooms,* piano, bath, basement,
, yank- f27 60.
ONE HUNDRED PER CENT PROFIT IS °i^T E
CLAIKVOYAXTS— Con-tinned.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO
WITNESS THE WONDERFUL DEMON-
STRATIONS of the NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
For a reliable and intelligent clairvoyant
reading go to LIVINGSTONE, 428 Eddy st.
He asks you no questions, but tells you
what you wish to know.
He does not menrion all the ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
wltH the facts In your case. Let PROFESSOR
LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you. find the cause of trouble and
t-uirgest the remedy.
He is as conspicuous for his wonderful oc-
cult analysis as ha is for his original ex-
pression and vivid truthfulness.
Would it not be a relief to know how 70U
will succeed, to be relieved of the matters that
are troubling you and of the schemes of your
enemies, that you may meet with better success?
A test reading Is not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
give you a full life reading for $1. A test
Is of little value; when the mind is troubled
you need more substantial aid and advice.'
Permanently located 42S Eddy st.; 3 sep-
arate reception parlors. Lady attendant.
Hours, 10 a. m. to S p. m.
MME. mTrSEAU, card reader, 545 Minna St.;
ladles 25c, gents COc.
MME. ODELL returned ;clalrvoyant,- card read-
er; tea leaves; 25c up. Lower flat, 220 Eddy.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26% Kearny. rm. 20: ladles 25c, gents 50c.
ISMAR, the celebrated Egyptian seeress, will
return from her vacation July 1.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st, .
MIJS. SHAFER clairvoyant, card reader, slt-
. tings, dally. 44S*4 Jessie rt.. bet. 5th and tith.
CARPET BEATlSG AXP CLI^NIXO.
COMPRESSED Atr and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal; carpets and rugs are also
cleaned by compresxed air st shop; prices
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co.. 308 Market St.; phones Main 152 and
Bush 479. ¦_
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
s*nd for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 355-557 Tehama nt. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.— First-class
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
. rison st. ; Al> cleaning; Jc. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works.
- 333 Golden Gate avi. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard; tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning~Co.T402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOil & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
OIiOTHIKQ SEHOVATHTO.-v
8UITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis St., room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415 1
Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. Main 55S0.
CXJMES BUFTUBI!.
HUNTER'S Positive Rupture Holder. $10; no
discomfort. 1206 Market it.; send for circular.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS! J. J. WHITNEY.
Clairvoyant, trance, business medium and Ufa
reader. 1206 Market st.. Gait Home.
ELSIE REYNOLDS— Materializing seance Frl.
eve., 328 Ellis St.; 50c; sittings dally.
PRO 1 " 1 " FHED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
flate-wrlter. 1112 Eddy at.; phone Scott 887.
CLAIRVO YAXTS. '
ASSURED Success for, You.
Call at once and save $4.
His famous $5 readings this week for
$1 -|1. $1 *1 $1 . $1 $1 II
No charge — No charge
Unless you obtain the Information for
which you consult him.'
PAUL DKSTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever in San Francisco.
Read carefully. • An honest proposition.
O'ou to be full Judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fall to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; 1 tell
you If husband, wife or lover Is true or false,
whom and when you will marry, how to gain
the love of the one you desire; In fact, I will
tell you every hope, ftar or ambition better
than you can tell yourself; his advice is re-
liable, his powers are wonderful and indis-
putable; he Improves your character so jthat
you will reach the highest possible develop-
ment In mental and bodily vigor, health,
happiness and capacity to earn wealth: the
controlling power implanted in your nature,
so you can control any one secretly: gives
advice on'mlnlng and burled treasure; gives
you uucctss in life: he guarantees you buc-
"ccbs or charges nothing for his services. 10
i m..loSp, m.; closed Sunday.
» 326 O'Farrell street— 326.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; If 'you are in trouble,
discontented or not . satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice In
all affairs of life; 25c up: satisfaction guar-
anteed; readings by mall. Tel." Black 45b9.
MME. K. ROTHENBERG. greatest clairvoyant
and spiritual medium; assured success for you
by consulting her on matters of business, such
as love marriage, law suits, family troubles,
etc. -.consultation with Mme.Rothenberg would
! mean success, enlightenment, absolute happi-
ness; business confidential; hours 10 a.m. to 8
p.m.: Sundays 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. MME. ROTH-
ENBERG, 1371 Ellls.bet.Laguna & Buchanan
MME.PORTER.celebrated clairvoyant u"*lum,
' card reader, born with a do-able veil ana seo-
, ond sight, tells past, present and future; I.
6Oc, g. by cards $1; palmistry and clairvoyant
¦It.;' $1 50. 290 O'Farrell it., near Mason. .
A— Miss M. "Wllle. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant ' crys-
tal aeer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
' tlon: names given; special, $1: hours 10 to 8.
MRS. DR. MARTIN", clairvoyant, business m*-
•dlum; advice on mining ft Invest.; devel.dr.
Thurs.. 8. B20 O'FarreU; tel, , Hyde 1767.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberr,relmlit, clalrvoyant.card
reader ;when others fail try me;good readings
25c. 721 FTanklln.nr.G.Q.ave.Tel.Larkln42O7.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
V names given ;25c up. . 835 Howard. bet. 4th*5th.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives -names, dates \
, and facts;. readings dally. 917 Market it. 1
DE.\TISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone^ — Cannot break;
warranted *-'O yrs.: crown. $350; fillings. BOc;
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; eld plates piade over like new; teeth
from 18 per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.M.lat
floor. Phelan bid.. SOU Market, cor. O'Farrell.
Paris Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bu»h —
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up: fllllngs.25c
FREE examination with chart at the New
York Dentists. 96» Mission st.. SE. cor. 6th.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c: crowns. $2; no
pain: open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.2Ot Suttr.
DRKSSMAKEKS AM> SEAM STRESSES
McDOWELL. Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knlfe-plaitlng. Stew-
arf s button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL. •
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building. 7.18 Mission
*t., between Third and Fourth; more space:
finer rooms: better light: finest in the West;
come and gee. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A — THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special summer course. 414 Mason.
HKALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches: day
] and light sessions: Illustrated catalogue free.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1435 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping: $3 mo.
AYRES the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.; established 18 years; special discount
d urlng month of June; catalogue free.
HB\LD'S School of Mines A Electriclty.2i Post
si. S. F-: a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING— Adults. Mon. and Frl. evgs; Juve-
n'.le?. Sat. 2 to 5; priv. lessons dally. Flnd-
lay"s Hall. 17th, bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. ajjn.. mech., sur-
vey assay, cyanide: day, ev. • est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
Arlth.. algebra, bookkeeping, shorthand; day, '
eve. Western Bus. College. 1107 Market St.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 923 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F. ; 75-page catalog on request.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano $3 per mo.;
mandolin club. $1 per mo> 828 Halght st.
PIANO lessons." 25c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
A BRANCH e-tce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has beea
opened at 1CCS Market *t.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. . . ¦ -
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— ORPHEUM Employmenr~67flce^Japaneser
Chinese help. 426 Powell St.; tel. Main 5752.
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stockton-
. best help. Frtt2 TamagalU. mgr.; tel. Bush S59.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 8183.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— FEMALE.
DRESSMAKER, coat and ault maker; rtreet
suits made at hom» and in families: fe*"r
more engagements per daj; only flrst-clas*
work done. MISS BARSS, Sherman House.
28 Eighth »t.
MOTHER and son wish work together In
mining- or lumber camp or fruit ranch; cook
'and helper preferred. 'Box 2153, Call.
A FIRST-CLASS maid wishes to go traveling
with a lady: good packer; best references.
Call or write 1324 V-, O'Farreil st.
EXPERIENCED German nurse wants car» of
I infant or invalid; city or country: has be*t
of references. 619 Eddy St.; phone Hyde 2DS3.
A STRONG Swedish woman wants laundry
or other work. 524 Mason at. ; phone Blacit
2396. >
AMERICAN woman, ha« child, good cook,
wants work; country. 324 Mason; phon^
Black 2398. |
A YOUNG woman wishes washing jnd house-
c!eanln-r by the day; wages 9^a> a day.
Apply 17% 'Welsh st., in afternoon.
WOULD take a place for general housework,
cooking: small family; wages $20. 333
Minna st.
.LADY would like chamberwork or houseksep-
Ing for widow«r. Box 1C99. Call office.
A GOOD ranch cook wants cooking for men;
country. 324 Mason St.: phone Black 2303.
A NURSE wants position, care of infant or
Invalid. 324 Mason at.; pho^a Black 2S3C.
"WOMAN wants position to do plain cooking
and housework. 315 Guerrero st.
A YOUNG •woman wishes washing and house.
cleaning by the day;' wages $t 50 a day.
Apply 17% Welsh st., off Fourth, between
Bryant and Brannan
STENOGRAPHER with several years of ex-
perience desires position: country preferrM.
Address 44 "Woodward avenue, city.
WANTED — Position as housekeeper with re-
spectable parties: small hotel or rooming-
house. Come direct to room &, SO Po'n s**..
YOUNG girl would like' a situation, house-
work. 600 Kansas st.
SEWINO by the day: imod fitter: shirtwaist
suits made in a day; %'i a day. 36A 8th st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church st-i
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MAtB.
YOUNG man, well educated and capable, nc-v
acting as special coast agent for a l"Wa
English company, desires to make a perma-
nent connection with a r«>«pon3ible hmi?e M
the coast; best of references; Al salesman.
B>>x l*>08, IOCS Market st.
Al BARTENDER wishes position; city or
country; first-class references.^ Address A.
F. BROWN. El Dorado Saloon, Montgomery
and Sacramento sts.
YOUNG man with first-clas3 education and 3
years' experience In business wishes posi-
tion; quick handwriting: reliable; Industri-
ous; best references. C. II., Brooklyn Hotel.
SOBER, energetic young married man. go>4
education, wants position; experienced in
clubs and grocery business. Box lt'03. Call.
ACCOUNTANT with Al references as to cha!*-
acter and ability open for position. Box
1005. Call office.
.YOUNG man wants general work around
place; work of any kind. Box 1100, Call.
WANTED — A Job firing by practical fireman;
several years experience in England and
America; can run one or two boilers; well
recommended: or position as watchman. Box
2164, Call office.
HOTEL manager, caterer or steward; fifteen
years' references four years as manager, C.
P. R. Railroad. Southern Pacific: hotel and
club references; English: ape 33; married;
no family. Box Col". Call office.
SHANGHAI. China — Gentleman wishes to rep-
resent business house in Shansrhai or Hong,
kong; possesses business references from
Shanghai; four years' Oriental experience.
Box S30. Call office.
NURSE <male) requires position; graduate
training school; six years* experience mental
cases: nrst-class references. P. R.. 1235 Mar-
ket at.
YOUNG man and wife want positions: wife ia
good cook; man experienced coachman, do
gardening, etc. : cUv references; city o* sub-
urbs. Box 1053, Call.
CARPENTER, cabinet maker; thoroughly ex-
perienced; good workman; steady, sober;
also goorl drauchtsman; wants work; S3
a day. Box 10S7. Call.
RECTIFIER, sober and reliable, familiar with
all branches In wholesale liquor business,
wants good position. Address E. MEYER.
1706 K at., Sacramento.
YOUNG man and wife want positions on a
dairy; wife for general housework; maa
good milker. Box 2154. Call otrtce.
A GOOD hostler and general man about place:
wife good cook and laundress; good refer-
ences. Box 1091. Call office.
MACHINIST — All-around man; experienced In
meta' patterns, locks, hardware, etc. Addresa
box 3520. Call crflce.
MAN and wife; man as horse man; woman to
do housework and assist in kitchen. Box
875, Call office.
HIGH school student. Japanese, wants situ-
ation: work' of any kind: any place. K. T. N..
Japanese Mission. 1329 Pine St.
WANTED — Position by a first-class Chine«-«
ccok. boarding-house cr family. Y. LIEU.
1113 Clay St.; tel. Black "C38.
Painter, paper-hanger, sijn writer, wants work;
tools furn. 127-1 Folsom st. : phone Mint 131.
AN honest young Japanese, who speak-- ucvid
English wishes to make beds or housework.
Y. NAKA. box 1007. Call.
JAPANESE experienced boy wants a situation
as a schoolboy In a family: speaks good
Ensllsh. K. AOYAGI. 807 Polk st.
~ flats to let.
XTa^h^use~renttng department" "
All desirable vacant houses and flats ara list-
ed in our free renting department: over 1000
In number; a combined list from all agencies;
let ua give you a list and help you to find a
place, we never fail; service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1039 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A— HOUSES and flats) to let: sn Immense list;
service absolutely free; talcs advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furnitur* Co.. 242-259
Geary st. on the square.
NOE. 1050— Beautiful new flat: sunny corner;
5 rooms and bath: «11 modern Improvements;
low rent; convenient to Castro and Slth-.-t.
cars. '•
EinilTElTNTH. 4130. near Castro st. — Mod-
ern upper sunny fiat, flve rooms, bath and
laundry; rent low; no children.
VALENCIA. 1310— Lower flat of 4 rooms, wtta
use of hath; no children.
A NICE sunny flat. 6 rooms and bath. 730
Ellis st.. near Stelner.
GREENWICH. 403 — 5-room flat $10. sun all
day: 6-ivom flat $11. with bath.
HAYES. 692, cor. Buchanan — Nice sunny Hat;
6 rooms and bath: modern improvements.
LARGEST list of houses and flat* to let. Call
on l.TON & HOAG. 11*? Montgomery st.*^
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
HAIGHT. 12*>8. Buena Vista, cor. Central ave.
— Elogantly furnished flats; aUo unfurnished:
house has all conveniences and is situated in
select neighborhood.
F1LLMORE. 11C2. nr. Golden Gat« are — Flat
of 7 rooms, furnished, to let: $U5.
FURNISHED Oat; 7 rooms; all sunny. Inquire
23oO Howard st.
FURNISHED flat. 7 rooms; all sunny. Inquirs
2350 Howard st.
CAPP. 614 — Furnished 5-room flat: piano: gas
and coal stove. Call bet. It and 4.
FLATS FOR SALE FCRXISHED.
FURNITURE of 4-room flat for sal?, cheap;
leaving city. 7S2 Harrison st. J •
Ft'KMTIRE FOR SALE.'
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 SO per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co.. 340 Post st.. near Powell.
Andersen Auction House, 19 Turk, nr. Market,
furnishes everything for the house; low priepi
FURNITURE, stoves, bought, sold, exchanged.
Barger. 439 Valencia, nr. 16th. Tel. Church 3873
CHEAPEST place in city for second-hand fur-
nlture. 936 Geary st Tel. Polk 1477.
FURXIT1JRK WASTED..
ABB LEVY.
Salesroom. 1135 Market at. Tel. Jessta "<51.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets. offlc» fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate. ¦
CHAS. LEVY & CO. pay highest prtc» for fur-
, niture.carpets. «ta> 783 Mission; tti. *>* U4»
Want Advertisers in.
Next Sunday's Call
Will Receive FREE
jRi Eyf^a ply.'papfyr (Juard
— and : '¦
fly j% pap-^r
" .L— _— .^_ ZZZ.^ : ''
The Eureka Flv Paper Guard is the latest article of this kind on the market.
This cuard-holder for fly-paper gives perfect satisfaction, prevents accidents, saves
clothes, temper, money, etc., gives a finished apDearancc to the unsightly fly-paper
and makes handling of same a convenience.
As shown in cut. arrangement is very simple, paper is easily fastened, and guard
lasts a lifetime.
The EUREKA GUARD and one-half dozen sheets of the FLY NET PAPER can - ~
be. obtained by brineine classified ads. Thursday, Friday or Saturday for insertion in
Sunday's paper. THIS PREMIUM IS FREE TO CLASSIFIED' ADVERTISERS
ONLY. •
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets;
open until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
100S Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m.
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open untU 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
. 839 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. ra.
615 Larkin street; open until 'J:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until 9 p.m.
m.r-J'r— . 106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. it.. )
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m. - .1
Northeast corner Church and Duncan otreets; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2-200 Flllmore street; open unt!l 9 p. m.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
21 i« Center 8tre«t Telephone North 77
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
Schneider's Book Store Park StreetTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, JUNE 17. 1904.
13
OBT rv E E D ST F M^ M T AN I N A WANT AD IN THE CALL
REAL ESTATE Co-ntrr — For Sale.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
legues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 613
Market *C
SOUTHERN Oregon Irrigated land*, dairy
far— is stock ranches, alfalfa land, timber
land mine*. S. C. TRAYNKR. SO4 Keamy.
STTBTTBBA-T HOMES FOB SAU.
FOR sale — Delightful home in San Mateo
County; near station; twenty minutes' drive
from electric cars; 4 acr*s in grain and fruit;
house of 8 rooms; superb view. Address bo_
2165. Call office. __________
rooms Fon HOl {£ EK _^Hri_5:
CALIFORNIA. 13O4^Sunny front bay-wtn-ow
• room & kitchen, connecting; rtas.;no chlld'n.
GEARY. 1432— Sunny suite; ga* range; also
large sunny room, suitable for dressmaking.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine —
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
r.J. electric lighted; free bat ha; rate $30 up-
JACKSON. 1220. near Jones — 2 or 3 nicely fur-
nisbed housekeeping rooms.
LARKIN. 1CO7. cor. Post — The Cragburn. II. Bur-
lingame.prop. ; nns., single _ hkpg.apartment*.
NATOMA. 701. cor. Eighth— 2 large »unny
housekeeping rooms; no children.
OAK, 10—2 rooms complete for housekeeping:
u«e of piano.
POST, 1416 — Sunny, nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms. $15 up; ga* range; closets. I
SCOTT. 300. NE. cor. Page— 2 newly furnished i
room* In private house; sua all day; ne_r
Halght-st. car line. -
TAYLOR 5O4— 4 fine furnished rooms, complete
for housekeeping: also housekeeping room*.
VAN NESS ava.. 512— Elegant »unny parlor
for 2 gents or doctor; suits for hou»ekeep-
Ing; modern corner house; new furnished.
WEBSTER. 1560— Three nice sunny rooms;
complete for housekeeping; private bath.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan ic Church at*.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscription* ha* been
¦ opened at IOCS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. tn.
_J»__-T-___rT HOTJSE3.
ET.CKCILE. 115 Fell.above Van Ness ave. — The
acme of p«rfectlon In modern, elegantly fur-
nished 3-room apartments, with private baths,
*t«im heat, electric llght.elevator. ga* ranges.
$30, $35, $37. $40. $45. $47 SO. $50. $55.
ST. LOUIS, 1575 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-5
rooms; turn, or unfnrn.: ref*. Tel. E— «t 135O.
ROOMS TO LET— Fara. and Vmtmrm.
C— THE ST. KAHTRYN.
N. E COR. ELLIS AND LEAVEXWORTH.
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN CITY;
NEW HOUSE; FIRST CLASS;
JUST FURNISHED; HAIR MAT-
TRESSES IN EVERY ROOM: HOT
AND COLD WATER BATHS;
STEAM HEAT. ELEVATOR SER-
VICE; EVERY MODERN CON-
VENIENCE; ROOMS $3 PER
WEEK UP.
JUST TO REMIND YOU
— BAGGAGE DELIVERED FREE
E!egantly fur. large front room; Kearny St.;
day, week or month. 2 large room* with use
of kitchen; 3 single room*, frcm $2 to $3
week; 1 large, sunny parlor, with kitchen;
yard conection. Folson st. Cheap rooms.
Third St.; many others. Apply 705 Mar-
ket aU^TOomS.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth St.— Roo— is
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms, 25c. 60c. $1. $1 50 nl_ht:
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 324 — Elmer: nicely furnished rooms;
reasonable; centrally located. -
CLIFFORD. 204 Elll*. cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prlcts reasonable.
ELEVENTH. 21— Elegant rooms, single or en
suite: furnished or unfurnished; references.
FOLSOM. 60S, cor. Second— -Aurora — Nicely fur-
nlsh'-d. sunny rooms; reasonable.
FOURTH. 225 — Nice front room; suitable for
two persona. >.'- ' *
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Room* 35c
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk-: reading-room.
HOTEL DUFFERIN. 749 Ellis — Elegantly fur-
nished suites and single rooms.
JESSIE, 363, east U. S. Mint— Furnished
room, $7; 2 beds, $10 per month.
JONES. 207 (Van Winkle) — FurnUhed sunny
rm*. ; suite or single; gent* preferred; $2 up.
LARKIN. 804 — Single room, nice and aunny,
$4 per month.
I MCALLISTER, 1342 — Sunny front parlor suite;
breakfast If desired; bath; phone Page 104.
MINNA, 32S— Furnished rooms, slnffte or
double. $1 up. '.
MISSION. 2022 — Sunny single furnished room;
gas and bath; reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 332— Nicely furnished parlor*:
sunny suite or single: light hskpg. if desired.
O'FARRELL. 1164 — Elegaat." newly fur-
nished rooms; front, side, rear; sunny; run-
ning water; references exchanged; ' house
changed bands and renovated throughout.
POST. S89. near Hyde — Large rarntsbed tract
room; bath; gas: for 1 or 2 gents.
POST. 1416 — Sunny, nicely furnished room,
with closet. $8.
POWELL, 216— The Crescent, bet- O'Farrell
and Geary; sunny furnished room*. $2 wk. up.
POWELL. 706 — Two nice connecting front
rooms; sunny; all modern conveniences; rea*.
POWELL. 1005 (The Virginia) — A *nap: ele-
gant front suite; partly furnished; marine
view; running- water.
ROYAL House. 126 Elll* — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor: room* ter nlvfat. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
Boor: rooms with hot and cold water: bath*.
SIXTEENTH, 2936 — 3 unfurnished *unny cor-
ner rooms; connecting; gas and batn; $13 50.
STEVENSON, 257 — Light rooms $1 week;
hskpg. comple. $1 75; parlcr. your own price..
THE FALMOUTH. 1049A Market St. — Bunny
rooms; hot and cold water: elevator; $2 to $7.'
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 400
rooms 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $S week; elec-
tric lights (no gas).- running water In every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d et.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms:
35c to $1 50 night: $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. tights; reading-room: free bus; baggage.
WOLF Hcive. 202 Sixth at.— Rooms from 15c
to $1 per tight and from POc to $5 per week.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription* received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan * Church st*.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisement* and subscription* has been
opened at IOCS Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. . • "
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
THIS SELECT FAMILY HOTEL. BEAUTI-
FULLY SITUATED ON THE FINEST COR-
NER OF VAN NESS AVE.. NOW THOR-
OUGHLY RENOVATED AND EQT>IPPED
WITH ALL THE LATEST IMPROVEMENTS.
IS READY TO RECEIVE GUESTS.
1015 VAN NESS. COR. GEART.
APPLY TO MRS. E. WINDELE. MANAGER.
LEAVENWORTH. 1021— Extra large sunny
room, with board; bath, phone; 2. 3 or •*
gentlemen.
BEAUTIFUL sunny rooms.excellent home cook-
¦ Ing. $20 per mo.; 2 meals. $13 ; gentlemen.
1120 Qough st.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1031. near Jefferson
Park — Ntwiy furnished rooms; bath: private
home; good board. $23; two. $35.
ELLIS. 45.1 — Fine rooms, with first-class table
board; location central and convenient.
HAWTHORNE, 172. nr. Harrison — Young lady
can 'find nice room and board; reasonable.
GEARY. OOl. Hotel L'.AIglon— Family room*
and board; entirely renovated; reas. prices.
HOWARD. MIA — First-class board and room.
single or double. $5-$d wk.; American family.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any addr-ss In ths
Un<ted Ptatt* nr Canada cr.e Tear for II.
ROOMS A.\D DOARD WANTED.
WANTED— ONE OR TWO ROOMS. WITH
PARTIAL BOARD. FOR MAN AND WIFE:
MILL VALLEY OR ROSS VALLEY. BOX
2157. CALL OFFICE.
BOARD and suite of rooms wanted for man
and wife: state rates. Box 2137. Call office.
WANTED— Board and rocm~for gentleman, $f
oer week. Box SOS. Call -ffta-.
REAL-ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
~ ~~W.""j.' GtTNN^S! ™~"
530 California st. (Savings Union Building.)
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS; JUST GRADED:
READY FOR BUILDING; STREET
WORK ALL DONE; WELL LOCATED;
i MARINE VIEW; NORTH OF THE
PARK; $9S5 TO $1100; VERY CHEAP.
CLOSE TO THREE LINES OF CARS;
ON SAME AVENUE. SOUTH OF THE
PARK. LOTS SELL AT $1600.
$2,800 — New cottage residence; north side of
A street: lot 25x100; 4 rooms, bathroom,
. ¦ basement, clcsets; well built, for owner's
own use; a bargain; cheaper than paying
rent; eany installments; a few step*
from 3 lines cars.
$3,400 — Two-story residence; Seventh ave.,
-* north of the park; Just finished; 6 rooms,
bathroom; lot 25x120; easy payments.
$4,250 — Twelfth ave. and Clement St.; choice
northeast corner; 120 feet on .Clement by
50 feet on Twelfth ave.: hax'lng so
much frontage on sunny side, this is an
ideal corner to Improve with store and a
flats; easy terms to suit; $500 first pay-
ment.
$6,250— Eleventh ave. and Clement st.; south-
west corner; 120x75; choice lot to Im-
prove; we have sold thia corner thre-
times.
$3,750— Tenth ave. and Clement st. ; northeast
corner; 32:6x100; fine location; good
business corner for store and fiats; be-
ing northeast corner, flata will rent well
on account of «u»; a fine buy; lot is of-
fered for the first time; easy payments;
only $500 down.
$5,000— Sixth ave. ar.d Clement st.; 32:6x100;
northeast corner; a grand corner for
store; well worth the price.
$2,100— Eleventh ave., near Clement St.;
cheap lot; 50x120
$2,100— Seventh ave.; 2 lots; 25x1-0; near I
park. - I
$1,000— Twenty-second ave., northeast corner; i
' 57:6x100; very cheap lot.
$550 each — Lots 25x120; on Eighteenth ave.
$2,750 — Union et. ; sunny aide; on elope, of hill;
near Scott; 2.1x110.
$18,000 — 60x137:6; northeast corner Green St.,
Pacific Heights; panoramic marine view.
$0,600— Two new flats: Pacific Heights corner;
marine view; rented; $85; leased.
J2.650 — Stelner-st. corner; 50x100; very cheap.
$1,600 — Lot 25x137:6; street work accepted: bi-
tuminlzed; ready for building; marine
view; fine bargain: cheapest lot in West-
ern Addition: some pretty new cottage
residence* adjoining this lot.
$275 — Twenty-seventh ave. ; lot 25x120.
$5,000— Union st.; 50x137:6; grand marine
view.
$2,200— Webster-st. corner; 25x100.
W. J. OCXN, 530 California st.
EXECUTOR'S
AT AUCTION
THURSDAY. JUNE 23. 1004,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON
AT OUR SALESROOM. 25 POST ST.
BY ORDER OF JOHN GARBER.
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF
CORNELIA B. STANLEY. Deceased.
_____
GRAND CORNER
OPPOSITE CALIFORNIA HOTEL.
3 FRONTAGES.
BUSH ST.— MARY LANE— MARTIN ST.
(Bet. Kearny st. and Grant ave.)
LOT 40x120 FEET.
PRESENT RENTS $3000 PER ANNUM. NET
WE HAVE A TENANT WHO WILL TAKE
A TEN-YEAR LEASE ON A NEW
7-STORY BUILDING IF ERECTED ON THIS
LOT. AND WILL PAY A RENTAL NET-
TING 6 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
TERMS CASH SUBJECT TO AP-
PROVAL OF SUPERIOR COURT.
BALDWIN _ HOWELL,
AUCTIONEERS.
25 POST STREET.
GANCO, GUNZ & CO..
BIG SNAP! BIG SNAP!
KIG SNAP! BIG SNAP!
SEE IT TO-DAY! SEE IT TO-DAY!
Nos. 108-110 Eureka St., near Eighteenth and
Castro: 2 elegant modern round bay-window
fiats, 5-6 rooms, porcelain baths, tiled mantels
In parlor and dining-room, -separate toilets,
large «unny rooms, 10-foot finished basement.
fine attic, concrete foundation, cement alley
way: large lot. 23x125 feet. Agent o_ premises
from 10 a. m. to 2 p. m. Price $525O. Thid
grand property must absolutely be sold to set-
tle an estaf.
GANCO. GXj N Z A CO.,
634 MARKET ST.
$1 23 PER week; no Interest; lots In the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract; all level; no grad-
ing to do; ready to build your little home
en; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St., room 5.
WHY. If you want & home in the Mission,
don't you see those lot* 25x125. west line
Noe tt.. 200 feet south of 19th St.? We fur-
nish you the lot and money to build. You
pay us back same as rent: lots only $1000:
graded, ready to lay foundations: actually
cheap for $1500. DOLAN CO.. owner*.
__ HOME "
That will pay .for itself for sale by the Me-
chanics' Home Building Company; two new,
modern flat* of 5 and 0 room*, high base-
ment- large lot; on east side of Third ave..
between A and B sts.. north of park. See
them to-day. Agent on ground.
$3750 — A 9- ROOM residence; porcelain plumb-
Ing; modern mantel*, tiling; lot 25x120, with
rear L; west line; 129 2d ave., ISO ft. south
Lake or Sacramento st. : $500 cash; $30 mo.;
same as rent. Dolan Co.. owners. 24 MonL
FIVE-ROOM cottage; porcelain plumbing,
modern Improvement*, laundry, yard; rent
$25; north side of O'Farrell «t-; $3600 only.
Inquire 1301 Devlsadero st.
FREE home3Uad presented by Uncle Sam un-
der new Government canal In Nevada, See
J. E. GORDON. C2S Crossley bldg., 2:30 to 5
p. m. dally.
MONEY at 6 per cent for the full coat of bnlld-
.lngs and part lot. Manhattan Saving* Bank.
107-8 Crocker building.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH._ MAYER. Plumbers, S36 Howard st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 centa— Th« Weekly Call.
18 page*. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ELMHl'RST REAL ESTATE.
$75 EACH— $5 down. $2 50 a month, without
Interest: fine lotg, close to the station; only
a few left. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post »t.
REAL. ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
T. ""^foiTs aLeTor" exchange.
$20,000 ONLY for one of thi best ranches In
Napa Valley; 124 acres of A No. 1 land: im-
provemtnts cost about $10,000. P. C. LAS-
SEN & CO., 4«itt Tenth «t.. Oakland, Cal.
AJLAMEDA ADVEKTIS'MENTS
ALAMEDA COTTAGES TO LET.
I CENTRAL ave.. 738, Alameda — Cottage of 4
rooms; cabin of 2 room* at beach Tur. for
hskpg.; bathhouse — : boats; nr. 7th-st. sta.'
BEKKELE Y ADVERT'S'M'XTS
CEUIvKLKV REAL. KSTAT-L
$13C0 — BIG snap; 3-rocm house with 'high
basement; four 25-foot lots, stables, hen
house pump and well; easy distance from
car line. CHENEY _ BERRT. P. O. block.
Berkeley. • .
BIBKELEY aOOMS. j
NICELY furnished room*, overlooking the bay. '
. . Addre** Euclid ave., care box' 1CS8. Call.
FRDITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
<TR_1TVAL,E REAL ESTATE.
FOB? sale— $2750; it cost $3730; rent* tor $20
per month: 2 cottages on lot, 40x150. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave.,
East Oakland. ¦ ;
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1018 BROADWAY.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furnJ-
' luxe, H.Sc_eU~au > U-i et.,cor.Btore,Oa_laa3.
MOXEY TO I^OA-"— Condnne,.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chant*, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
•security; easy payments; large business in 48
principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 4S1.
1 PSR cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commlssionr no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 28 Montgomery st., rm. 7.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no commission installments accepted,
;BONELLI, 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311, Mutual Sav. Bk.
bid.; Oakland office, 110:j»-i Brdwy., suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 103 Grant ave.,
LOANS FROM 51 TO $10,000.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton 8t.
1 PER rent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building, 708 Market st.
1% PER cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFVING, C18 Hearst bid.* Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indonwr. MORELL. 600 'Examiner building.
MOAEi Y ,> VA -yTKjO.
WANTED — $400 at 1 per cent per month;
good security. Box 1075, Call office.
_ _______ _ „
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience In all f«-
¦ male disorder*; call or write. DR. WHITE.
702 Market st., room- 7 and 8.
; MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 100SV4 Market St., opp. 6th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL—AU who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market at.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, above Van Ness — Ex-
pert In obstetrics, female complaints: Inn.
relief; treatment $10; hour* 10 to 5; 25 yrs.ex.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
condnement; best medical care; low fees. *
MRS. DR. GWYER. having secured lease of
premise*. Is permanently located at 511A
Leavenworth st., bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES' irregularities cured; 18 years' ex.;
private. DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny st.
LADIES — Kutnround: safe, sure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN resides 2905 Folsom St., corner
2«th; ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERB3;
original method of treatment. 112C Market.
PFK1CK8 A.NU »TOHJ__ TO __ST.
SUITE of 3 handsome offices furnished - com-
plete In CrosEley building. Apply B. P.
OLIVER. 1H Montgomery st.
A SUITE of 4 office rooms, large, sunny, on
Sacramento St.. near Montgomery. Apply
to WEISSBEIN BROS. & CO.
$25— FLOOR space, 25x80. 056 Harrison, near
Sixth; ¦Hill lease. • - , : ¦
MUSICAL ISSTRUMESTS.
A GOOD new piano for $2 50. We have con-
fidence In you and in our pianos — that i*
why we ask you to try our instrument*. We
are willing to accept a small interept on the
investment — ?2 50 this month. Remember
this opportunity closes with the summer sea-
son. First selection is best choice. HEINE
PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary *t.. manufactur-
ers of the Peerless Heine and agentd for ten
- different make's frnm *lir» to $:<;."¦, and three
makes of piano-playera from $1-5 to $275.
Used bargitr.s from $25 up. Our output Is
double that of any other piano house.
AAAAA — FINE assortment of second-hand up-
right* from $40 up, including such, makes as
Chickering. Vose, Steinway. Steck. Knabe.
Mathuahek. Sterling, Curtaz. Erard and
many other* on easy payments. BENJ.
CURTAZ _ SON. 16 O'Farrell et.
A SENSATIONAL fire — Storage piano* and
furniture will be removed to North Beach
and burned if not sold In a few days; this
means storage pianos and furniture almost
cheaper than fire wood, and must be re-
moved. Wtitehead's Storage, 1036 Market.
PIANOS for rent; $3 per month: the largest
and beat stock in San Francisco to select
from; pianos from $30 upward; our line the
' best, our prices the lowest. SCOTT CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 560-64 Haye* «t.
$60 FOR a fine upright. If you want a bargain
call at HORNUNGS. 216 McAllister.
GOOD standard upright piano for sale; $S5.
STATHAM. 110 McAllister st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post St.
$103 — STEINWAY upright: private party; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ment*. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister *t.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chickering baby grand;
Fhonlr.ger. little Uf'd. Ktfeffe'*. 285 O'Farrell.
. PERSO.VA1LS.
NOTICE — Having- left my bed and board, I
hereby notify the public that .1 am not re-
sponsible for any debt* contracted by my
wife. IDA ELIZABETH COOK. E. J.
COOK.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggist* for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL - BROWN. 32 Turk St.. 3. F.
A NEW METHOD— Your bust positively devel-
oped and enlarged by my method; matrnetlo
massage by appointed graduate, old schnol;
•trictly confidential. MRS. HOLSHOUSER,
637 Bush *t.. apt. 309; phone Front 87.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stops falllng.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleantes scalp;at druggist*', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk.
Cancerous lumps, sores, Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc> speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 32S Grant ave. Worst case* cured.
"VITAL ring" produce* healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness, drains, varicocele,
etc.; easily worn; $2 50 postpaid; physician*
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co.. 140 Geary. S.F.
A FINE suit to order on easy installments of
$1 a week. LEON'LEMOS. 1127 Market st..
between Seventh and Eighth. ,.! w-
AT less than cost; uncalled for suit*, overcoat*
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post, near Powell.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
trlc needle. Mr».Dr.A.W.Traver»,1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dresa pant* $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Actina restores lost eyesight: cures deafness and '
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th, nr. Valencia i
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ter. r. 600. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costume*, play book*, wigs;
country order*. GOLDSTEIN _ CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
bair to its natural color; $1 at all druggist*.
_ ____________ __
A-MME. LYMAN. BClentiflc palmist, recently
from East. 510 Eddy at.: phone Polk 4011.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 513
Taylor st- near Geary. Phone Black 561.
. FATE-ITS. * .
INVENTIONS patented, f! P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st.
PHYSICIAXS ASD SUUGEOXS.
DR. C. C O'DONNELL— Office and residence
1021% Market st.. bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to disease* of women. ¦
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
¦' DR. BALL, 1073*4 Market st. ¦
WANTED— A doctor (Hollander) for society.
- Address S30 Broadway. Oakland.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats all . diseases of the human body; . for
past four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at 661 Geary *„, near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY, successor to Dr. LI Po
Tat, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by u«e of herbs and tea*.. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 716-8 Clay st.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furnltur%
household good- »tored moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard at. nr. Third: phone Grant ltil.
A— GILBERT ft STOLL Storage Co.; «torage,
packing shipping warehouse. G. G and Va4
__t__f_of_ce 117o Market, r. 43; tel. South 73O.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage 4 Moving Co . of-
fice Post and Fowell sts.; tel. Prtv. Ex. 571.
CONKtlN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave. : phone East I2t~
GOLDEN West storage: advance* made. WO
Mi-ston «t.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfus-.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fiilmore »t- ; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
«t.; tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rate*.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Th» Weekly
Call. 1« page-, sent to any address In th«
United States cr Canada one year for $1.
IBWPfl MACHINES AMP StPFLIES.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
U cheapest: second-hand all make* at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rate*. Domes-
tlc office. Iu21 Market at., near Sixth.
NEW HOME— See our r.e— triple-feed ma-
chines: slightly used: $10. $15. $_O; second-
hand. $3. $3. $8: all styles; guaranteed. New
Horn? Pewirg Marhine Co.. 1Q51 Market -t.
SPECIALISTS.
' CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES !n EAi:i
positively cured; n«w method*: 1 week'* treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottingb-m. -04 «?ut?— rt.
STCTTERIXC AND STAMMERISO.
AT Melbourne Institute. Van Ness & Market.
Is taught celebrated Melbourne system: enly
Melbou— :• in U. S. : private: established l
years in S. F. TeL Mint 2C26 from 1 to 5 p.m.
TYF_WRITX_3 AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally gcod No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $-3; other typewriter* at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. Th«
Typewriting Exchange, 53ft California st.
A FEW good typewriter* at $30 each: get par-
ticulars c(L4M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typ»writer« »old. rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter tnspec Co.. -08 _Ia.-kat.
A WEEK'S news' for 3 cent* — Th« Weekly Call.
- 16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per y«ar.
VIA VX.
MOTHERS' and daughter*' home treatment:
booklet mailed free; correspondence invited.
VIAVI CO.. 23C4 Van Ne»a ave.
~ . DIvTdEND
CLAREMONT Oil Comjany on July 1. 1904.
will pay a dividend (No. 1) of 1 cent per
share on its Issued capital stock at Its of-
fice, room 31. seventh floor. Mills building:
transfer book- close on Saturday. June 25.
1904. at 1 p. m. GEORGE J. REMINGTON.
Secretary.
LEGAL ADV_RTI!i_)iEMTS.
ALL persens having account* against the firm
of Knight & Ryan, llcjucr dealers. Powell an4
Francisco sta.. present same at once for *et-
tlerr.ent. G. SANTA.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSAliS — State Prison Supplies — Sealed
proposals will be received at the office of
the Clerk at the State Prison. Saa Quentla.
until 10:30 a. m.. SATURDAY. th« lsth day
of June, 1904. and at the office of the Clerk
of the State Prison at Folsom until 9:39 a.
m. SATURDAY, the 25th day of June.
19O4. at which times and place* they will
be opened li the presence of bidder*, for
furnishing and delivering supplies for said
priso-s, consisting of subsistence stores,
forage, fuel, fuel oil. furnishing power to
run the Jute mill and electrical appliances
for jute mill at San Quentln. clothing, med-
icines, lime, cement and other staple sup-
plies, from July 1. 1904. to June 30. 1906. la-
cluslve. on conditions as per printed sched-
ules which will be furnished upon applica-
tion at either of the above offices. No btd
will be considered unless made usoa said
fchedules. nor unless accompanied by ta»
certified check therein required, nor from
any other parties than bona fide dealers la
the classes of articles to be furnished. Each
bidder muat accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check upen son i« well known aod re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent cf the amount of his btd. payable to
the President of the Board, conditioned that
the bidder will enter Into a contract upon
notice of acceptance, as required by law.
Bids for either prison must be marked sep-
arately. AU payment* made on contract will
be paid in cash cr Controller's warrants.
Bidden will carefully follow the condtUcns
of the schedules. The Board reserves tha
right to reject any or all bid*, a* the pcbllo
interest may require, and to order any quan-
tity orer or under the amount specified.
R. M. FITZGERALD. Preaideat. J. M.
OLIVER. Clerk.
PROPOSALS for building material* — Office
Depot Quartermaster. 36 New Montgomery
St.. San Francisco. Cal.. June to. 190* —
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, subject to
usual conditions, will be received here , until
11 o'clock a. — i. (Pacific standard time).
June 20, 1304. and then opened, for furnish-
ing lumber, doors, sash, cement, etc. Pref-
erence will be given to articles of domeatio
production or manufacture, condition of price
and quality being equal (Including In th*
price of foreign production the duty there-
on). The United States reserves right t»
reject or accept any or all bids or any part
thereof. Blank proposals and further In-
formation furnished on application. En-
velopes containing proposals should be ln-
worsad "Proposals for Butting Materials.
No. 4359" and addressed to MAJOR C. A.
DEVOL. Q. M.. U. S. A.. Depot Quart— r-
master.
PROPOSALS for Steam Pump. etc. — Offlc»
Depot Quartermaster. 38 New Montgomery
street, San Francisco, Cal.. June 13th. 1904.
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, subject to
usual co-idlticn*. will be received here until
11 o'clock a. m. Saturday. June 23th. 1904.
and then opened, for furnishing 1 Steam
Pump. Pipe and Fittings, for Camp Downes
and Camp Overton. P. L Preference will
be given to article- of domestic production
and manufacture, condition of price and
quality being equal (including In the priest
of foreign production the duty thereon). Tha
_-. S. reserve* right to accept or reject
any or all proposal* or any part thereof.
Information and blank proposals furnished
on application. Envelopes containing pro-
posals to be market "Proposal* for Pip*»
and Fittings No. 4630." and addressed to
Major C. A. Devol. Qr. Mr., V. 9. A.
Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for Steam Pump. «tc — Offlc*
Depot Quartermaster. 38 New Montgomery
street. San Francisco. Cal.. June 13th, 1904.
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, subject to
usual conditions, will be received her* until
11 o'clock, a. m .. Saturday. June -3th. 1904.
and then opened, for furnishing 1 Steam
Pump. Pipe and Fittings for Lucesa. P. I.
Preference will be given for articles of do-
mestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions of price and quality being equal (la-
cluding In the price of foreign production
the duty thereon.) The U. 8. reserves right
to acoept any or all proposals or any part
thereof. Information and blank proposals
furnished on application. Envelopes con-
taining propc*al9 to be marked "Propcsala
for Steam Pump,' etc.. No. 4631." and aJ-
dreased to Major C. A. Devol. Qr. Mr.. U.
S. A.. Depot Quartermaster.
RATIONS for United States Marine Corp*.— •
Headquarters V. S. Marine Corps. Quarter-
master's Office, Washington. D. C, June 11.
19O4. — Sealed proposals, tn duplicate, will b«
received In this office until noon on July 11.
19O4. and then be publicly opened, for for-
nlshins rations at San Francisco, Cal., Man*
Island. Cal.. and Bremerton. Wash., during
the fiscal year ending Jun* 30, 1905. Pro-
posal blanks and other Information can ba
obtained upon application to this office, ths
assistant quartermaster. V. 8. Marine Corps.
Rialto building. San Francisco. Cai., or tha
commanding officer* of the barracks at ths
stations named. This office reserves the rlghc
to reject any or all bids and to waive In-
formalities. Bids from regular dealer* enly
will be considered. F. L. DENMY. Colonel.
Quartermaster, U. S. Marine Corps.
PROPOSALS for Subsistence Supplies — Offic*
Purchasing Commls-ary, San Francisco. Ca!..
June 17. 1-04. — Sealed proposals for furnish-
ing and delivering cf such quantities of sub-
sistence supplies, delivered at such wharf or
wharves or such warehouses In San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. as per circular to be seen at this
office, will b« received here until 11 o'clock
. a. m.. Tuesday. June _8. 1904. and openej
immediately thereafter. In presence of bid-
ders. Speciflcaticns. general instructions to
bidders and blank forma of proposal* will b«
furnished to established dewier* on applica-
tion to C. R. KRAUTHOFF.*Maj. Corny.
PROPOSALS for drayage — General Depot of
the Quartermaster' » Department. San Fran-
cisco. CaL. May 13. 1004— Sealed proposals
for the haullnc of military stores and sup-
plies In and about the city of San Fran-
cisco. Ca!.. for the flrcal year eommencine
July 1. 1904. will be r-celved at this office
until 11 o'clock a. m.. en Saturday. th« ISth
day of June. 19O4. and then opened. Th*
Gave— B— «nt reserves the right to reject any
•r all proposal-. All necessary Information
will be furnished on application' to this of-
fice Envelope* containing proposals shoaM
be Indorsed "Proposal* for Drayage." and
addressed to Major C. 'A- Devol. Depoc
Quarter— ia»t»r.
For Births, Mari-iases and deaths 8ea
Paare Fourtcen.
HORSES AXU WAGOXS.
FOR «ale — Pacing mare. $175: 7 year* old, very
fast; gentle in every respect; safe for wo-
man to drive; will go double. For particu-
lar* address box 860. Call.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horses, wag-
ons, surreys, bugsle*. carts and harness; at
1140 Folsom st.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
rpund; near Uiack Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 100 Stevenson, S.F.
FOR eale — Hcrse and village cart: ride or
drive; gentle; for lady. 1359 Bush St.
LATE model rubber tire Victoria and harness.
O'BRIEN'S. Pulk and Golden Gate -ve.
FINE camping wagon, 3 seats. Inquire of
C. A. McPHEE. Fremont and Brannan sts.
LIGHT, cushion-tired road buggy for sale; In
good order. Box 588. Call office.
FOR rale — Two second-hand platform spring
wagons and one truck. 2T13 Beale et.
NEW and second-hand wagon*, all kinds, at
1R15 Market -t . opp. Franklin.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness, work and driving horat-6. 15th-Valencla.
LOST AND FOU.Vn. ~
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Saving*
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of IRMA ULEUER; No. 256-528. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST — A silver' watch and fob on Sacramento
et., between Cherry «t. and Central ave.
Please return to G. C. SIMONEAU, 1433
Ptockton st., and receive reward.
LOST — White fox terrier; one black eye,
license tag 2438. Reward if returned; 2625
Ridjre road, Berkeley.
LOST — Scctch Colile dog from Twenty-first and
Folsom Fts. Liberal reward offered for re-
turn to 712 Shotwell st.
LOST — Gold-mounted Waterman fountain pen;
reward. 306 Pine et., room 9.
LOST— A 22 repeating rifle; reward $5. Re-
turn to the Conclave. Geary and Kearny sta.
LOST— Gold watch, between Hayward building
and ferry. 3ii3H .Third st. ; reward.
LOST — Lady'* «rold watch. Waltham move-
ment. Reward If returned to 1039 Market tt.
LAUNCHES FOB HIKE.
C. A.'_cNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Mlchaelis I-aunch Co..UnIon-*t. Wharf; boat-
Ing -t excursions. 5 Steuart st. : tel. John 2ftS6.
MISCKLLAX ECUS—FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McLN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite: In roll* easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
. Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roof?.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market »„
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulley*, shafting, etc., etc, bought -»old,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY, CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
reefs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to step all 'eaks In the one and preserve the
qew. 205 Front st.; tel Main 1423.
A — FINE suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors.. 238 Kearny st..
near Bu'h; open to 9 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, eells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, ehafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
ST. BERNARD: grand, powerful dog pup:
very tine disposition: gentle with children
and a good watch dog. Box 2156. Call office.
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 23
Stockton st.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
small weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton St.
J. COOPER, gent*' full-dress rental parlor*,
moved from Palace Hotel- to 21 Stockton st.,
upstairs.*
ALTERATION *a!e— Beat $2 50 hats, $1 5a
Popular Price Hatter, 33o Kearny st., near
Pine: oi>en to 9 p. m. : Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 CO pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express
charges. II 3d St.. Exam, bid."; catalog- free.
SECOND-HAND sealskins, old gold and dia-
monds bought: send postal; will call. New
Municipal Loan Office. 617 Washington *C
HEADQUARTERS for novelties: celebrations
and carnivals. M. NEWMAN. 307 Cth St.. S.F.
LAUNCH hunting cabin for sale. C. A. Me-
NEAL LAUNCH CO.. foot Clay st.
FOR sale — Elegant electric bath cabinet; reas-
onable. Electric Works. 227 EIUs st.
Desk sale this week only, 20 per cent off regu-
lar prices. Richardson Bros.. 1S16 Market st.
BEST white l«ad 7c per pound: to painters
less. BUTCHER. 741 Mission st.
AWNINGS, tents. new.second-hand. SUN TENT
tc AWNING CO.. 42 Spear *t.; tel. John 643a.
TENTS for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT _ AWNING Co.. 35 Mkt.Tel.Bush 85S.
PIGEONS — All the leading varieties: stamp for
catalogue. C. WILSON, office 229 Stevenson.
BRITANNICA Encyclopedia, latest edition. 31
vols. KING'S. 61 McAllifter et.. nr. Market.
EDISON Phonograph Agency, Peter Bacigalupl.
moved to 7VJ Mission st.
ROUND camping tents for *ale; cheap: some
new; 16x18. 319 Third *t.; tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
make*. ALEXANDER _ CO., 110 Montg'y.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
12 b. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck fc Co., 122 Mkt.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., S07 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Builard _ Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
Sl CO.. 122 Market St.
GASOLINE engines, automobile* and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont Et.
.MISCELLANEOUS \VAXTS.
BIG prices paid for old gold. eeaUklns, dia-
monds gents' full dress suits, etc.; send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 2*
Stockton st. '
MORRIS give* highest prices for ladies' and
gent?' castoff clothing; postal. 943 Folsom.
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing. Tel.
Davis 825; 650 Sacramento st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth et. ; tel. Jessie 2SS1.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged, f! D.
McCarthy Co.. 7S2 Million ; phone Bush 467.
moxey to loa.v.
aXC^herman "murpht?"
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
~ WILL LOAN ~
A reasonable amount on ...*
' 1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, en real estate or
Chattels, in city, town ' ..
or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 490. Call office.
/LOWEST BANK~RATE~~ ~ ~~~ ~
Any amount; first and second mortgages, es-
tates tn probate, unvldided interest in es-
tates, assignment* of rents, etc., at lowest
| rate of Interest.
j RIVERS BROS.. 205 Montgomery st.
SALARY LOANS— ~~~~~ " ~ '
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453, Parrott bldg.
AAA — Interest 6 per cent (read Sunday papers).
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK
...City. Oakland, Town. Country Property...
MANHATTAN LOAN CO, (city agents),
107-8 Crocker building — Post-Market its.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. CS Donchoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
• liberal advance* on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch, 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry; sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault ts prelected
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE, 25 Stockton; phone Bush 4S4.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
i mo. 8. F. Collateral I«ao Bank, 53> Hlearcy. (
UELI» WANTED FEMALE.
IN GOI> "WE TKUST.
Golden Gate Employment Office. 1211 Ninth
ave.. oft H Ft., alongside of Golden Gite j
Park and next _uor to Public L'.brtry: rrv* !
rea4ir.g-roo«n for ladies; be-st. help provided
for ail purposo, for city and country
thro-rbout the States; smallest efflc-e
charges; employers please, pay half the office
fee; tccr.ej- orders' payable to T. SPEAK-
MAN. Station G, San Francisco.
WANTED — _*undrffs. *40; Prandinavian cr
German cook, plain wa&h, Ameri-'-n family,
i-_: w_itrer*. alsu a charaberm*-. Id, tame re-
fort. f2S; two second gin*. $-5; waitreps.
*prir.<;!>. ?_5; hi>_d rtinlt:j;-room frirl. $3o:
-.aims*, short distance. V-2 5o; SS Kirls for
housework ar.d oookin«, in nice families.
$25 anU R30; nurse. JS1. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. _34 Suiter «.
A MANAGING housekeeper for gentleman's
hou3><-hol<i in country : *-": «^e party here at
jn this raci-ixar. MISS PLUNKETT. 42.'i
frutt.i ft., near Powell.
A COOK, country. fiO: second girl. $25: wo-
man with a child. $13. MRS. NORTON. 313
m P-tter _t J
OIRf_; -tvactod for general housework: 2 girts
wanted. *_0. Fan Francisco Etnploy— lent
Buryat:. Tin Sutler st; re'^rences required.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn ljain!re»slr-.g.
n-.snlcurir.g. «>tc. ; trade taught from A to 2
in 2 wetks: $5 to thore entering now; 3 po-
r:tiu-s to fill immediately; positions guaran-
»f-d at flO per week up; leading school in
V.Wt. -S3 Geary «t.. room 13.
A — GIRL 'to le«m millinery new for fall sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $15; pos'-tiea as trimmer*,
salesladies, etc. r-arar.teed at $10 per wk up; '¦
— y and evening class. 1*3 Stocktcn ft., r. 13.
A — LADIES, learn all branches hairdresslr.g
t trade manicuring mai>«__-e. v etc. : p:>s;tlcns
w-cured at highest wa— »*: d=y -*ve. cla-«se»:
thorough FVEtr— i. Removed to 133 Powell.
EXPERIENCED riri* wanted in bookbindery.
BROWN-POWER CO, 50$ ClAy JKU
AN educated ynung lady to train for nursing.
Aj-j.ly 2<jI$ Union «.
WANTED — Girl for general houfewcrk: under-
M_n<l» cooking: wages «2S; flat. 1740 Bu?h.
GIRL as co— ijar.ion for old lady and wait
dinner. "(*< Van Ne*s ave.
WANTED~By the United Working-ten's Boot
A Shoe Co.. lady tag writer anii marker on
shoes: experienced hand p~ 'ferred. ArTly to
FUft. at factory. 25th and Ilartlett sts.
WANTED — N<>*t young woman for general
hausewrrk; li*ht waFhlnjt; 4 adults; g'jod
iy»_; S_5. J40 First ave.. near Clay ft.
TWO lady solicitor* to introduce our good*;
city and country: liberal terms. The Oatln*
Co.. 121 Geary •*.. rocm 721.
SIX lady barbers wanted. Call at rocm SOC.
Uutu-i Bar.k building.
A PROFITABLE cuting; pick bops In August
Write E. Clemens Horst 122 Battery st-.S.F.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription* received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncaa tt Church sts.
CHEAPEST and best In America — Th« Weekly
•ail. IP p»ges. ser.t to any addres* In th*
T"r<»»* Ftate* rr Csnsrts one vear for SI.
HELP WASTED — MALE.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCT.
F. M. Gt NN. CIS Ommercial st.
!*hcr.e Main 1191. 5 doors from Kearcy.
Two quam >men for large mlae. south, $73;
one carpenter, «ame mine, $30. steady place;
Nevada, teamettrs. labvrers. and rockmtn. t-
to $2 50 day: Arizona, below Phoenix, new
work. 1104 miles, cheap fare, ship daily,
see us on thif; 50 railroad men for Clark
road, gouth-rn Calif rrnia. $C0; 15 laborer*
steady work. $«". free far*, take this; 5
ranch hand*. $:«> and found, and you Bee
\ictss htre; 2 machine miners, north, $30;
one tirr.benr.an. same mine, $90; 5 wood-
chorpers. 4 COM wood, $1 50 cord, for large
rr.ir.ir.g company. R_n Lui« Obispo County:
10 --cx.dchopr>eri«. north. $1 23 to $2 cord:
tufrjry warher. 10c fare. $5«.>: baker for mine
boarding house. *45 and found: 10 Scandi-
navia r.s far lumber yar<J«, ncrth, $40 and
lound; milliner., st-e bots here, $3 50 to *4
<iay.
AT the California Employment Agency.
!4 :;d St.. nr. Call bid?.: phone B_s=h 405.
i^tate of Nevada; cheap far>- refunded.
United States Government work.
T.'» tearr.ste— e and laborers. J_ to $2 23 day.
50 drillers ha.-r.rr ir— ten and rockmen, *_ 50.
$1'< 05 fare. Florence. Ariz. Fare. $10 O0.
lw tea— «ters and laborers. $2 to $3 50 day.
SAWMILL CREW
2 rpool tenders, JC3 and fcund.
Shir.ple Joir.ter. t*ee boss here, $4" found.
Board puller. $45 a month and board.
2 tail edger— ;cn. $40 a month and board.
2 s-ci-nd tri— ime— _en. $40 month and board.
k 1 cCTbearer. $40 a ir lenth and board.
~ 10 lumber piiera. 5 ..*. to *4<> ar.d board,
b men Cor reck quarry. $2 25 a day.
10 Siavonian laborers, sawmill, $.*55 found.
ft_b!»r— _n, country. $40 and found.
2 laborers, elty, board home. $2 25 day.
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 14 3d St.
JlT C. R HANSEN & GO'S Employment office
42» Bush st 642 Clay st_
Nevada Nevada Nevada
Free fare
Free fare Ship to-day Free fare
10 hoc«e carpenters S3 50 day
Wfee cj>ener. Cret class report dining-room.
$_5 found.
Torter. ealoon $30
Gen_a_. all round cook, country hotel... $09
Cooks, waiter*, kitchen fcar.ds, porter*, bell-
l«ys •
Window cleaner, dty t40 room
C R. HANSEN <v CO. .. Employment office
429 Bush et 642 Clay »t.
POUTER for wholesale house: poultry-man and
wife. $50 and found: .poultry man , $30 and
found: farmer and wife, fW> and found, see
r>o« thi* morning; 4 carpenter*. $4 day;
bla_--ilth. $3 _y; blaek*rr.!th helper, $30
_nd found: laundi > w n. $25 and found:
t>mbrr failer. $60 and found: 2 crosscut saw-
>*m. $40 ar.d board: logwaj— r lan. $35 and
found; l&borerc about mill. $2 SO day: team-
*te— ¦, $30 _sd board and $2 60 day; farmer*.
T '<• ar.d (1 Hi day and board: rtabletnen.
h—raees cleaners, and otters. J. F. CROSETT
A CO.. C2S Sacramento St.
2 COUNTRY hotel cooks. $C0 and found; fry
? cook. $!4 week: corter* for i_aUtuUon. $25;
elevator boy; chore— ia_ about hotel. $20 acd
foend. a_d ot-er*. J. F. CROSETT _ CO..
OS Sacra— tento st.
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCT.
«5 Third et.: telephone Main 5521.
Conk, m'.ntrg camp $25 and found.
M:'ker, 26 cow — . J::6 and found
Boy* for factory. S3 f-O. good trade.
:^-._-.r« -f. Dear dty. $2.
Tea_r -ie— u dty. $1 CO and found.
Tuccfl. Uumbol.t Co.. »- TO. 12 75.
Ltbcrers. SZ. fare 10c; 6 hours.
Florence, Aril., laborers. $2, cheap fare.
V.'r tt p«ei tar.bark, $40.
HORP A SMITH. ~ -'- • j
n~D CROSS _3CP_OT_tENT OFFICE,
<X>2 Clay st- Ph-oe James 2470. .
13 pipe ,".z.' men. X- 2S c,ay.
3 Italia- pick as d «_ov el taen, $2 day.
1 carr_g*> t__nter. $3 5© day.
« b— x factory r__£s. $2 40 day.
'.9 a*-_i:i ha_ds. $2 70 to $3 day.
4 milkers a_d rht ¦capmakers. S35 to $40 BO.
2 Ct__e_e cocks, cawirill. $S0 month.
1 Oii_e*e cook, hotel. $45 tccsth.
3D Uborern. Gcvc— j— >e_t Job. $2 day.
IN GOD WE TRUST! '. "
Gcldea Gat* E_plc-__t Office, 1213 Ninth
axe-, o_ H «t-. alongside of Gcl<Je- Gate Park
and _*xt door to public library — B»*t male
Kfcelp prorMed for aU purposes. c:ty and coun-
try, tfcr oughoct the States: *_&:iest office
cta--»: __plcy-— plea** pty half fie offie-
fee. Uctey o-Sers payable to T. SPE*.K-
MA.V, statics G. Saa Francisco.
a — HOTE— GAZETTE. 28 Mcntgicaiery r 12
Porter, rr_t-f. S_£: _ecc_d cock, $75;
' t-o:i-r. S30: _ colored waiters. S32; _&_*<—
-_r. $3i». . ¦¦.
WANTED — Br-cfct boy aJbou t 18 or SO to take
¦ —_» — and <_> cf_c* work aad tea— i the
bustse-t. Til itSseion ¦_
AN *l«rtr_— — 3 to take stack in a paying prop-
oFltion: eool >••::;«: to rtgirt Darty. Box
_.1OM. Call c_e». >
GOOD barber wanted far Saturday and Sto-day
at r.!>;-.j Eros~!war.
BAEBEXt trarrted at 1741 Mitaion St.
BARBER wanted every -ver.lr-t. Saturday ar.d
Eua-ay. 2S14 gl.tefcnth st.. corner Folsom.
ECSHKLEP. wanted. Apply Eli Market!
RROWN EliOE. & CO.
BOY from 1« to IS year* of age for office
-tot-. AdUn-a H. W. P.. box 21C3. Call.
WANTED — Drug clerk; rrcorr smendatloiis re-
1-lrW!. NE. cor. EIH* and Mason st*.
¦WANTED— A w_g~n blacksmith helper at 31S
' McAllister rt.
¦WANTED — Wagon blacksmith helper. 537
Bran&an at.
JAPANEFE Hota«et>aninjr Co , C2O Larkln st •
tel. 17-S. S. G. HENRRY.
UARBER -hop Tor -ale: In bailments: cheap
rent; living roo— ;s b_ek. 1547 Minion st.
FDR KALE — Barber two-chair chop $75.
KrLLKR. Dwight way. Berkeley.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanic* to know
that Ed Roikin, Reno Hcu*e proprietor, has
¦ addfd 100 new room* to the Denver Houm
2X7 "i_r_ St.; -30 roc__; I'D to 00c per night!
WELI» W<\TKD IT M.V, Co-.fl wnf «.
MURRAY- & READY, phcne Main 5S1S.
u14 and tai; CUy st. ; 0S4S phone Main.
L-aeUng Employment and Labor Agents.
l!Ki: We Gave 1W4 Wo Hope to
U),i)0o Men Work. Increase W.OOO.
Spanish — German— French.
Italian — Swiss — Greek.
* . NEVADA STATE— 8 HOURS.
Government Wcrk— Free Fare.
T*5 teamsters. $_ to $2 50 day.
Drlll-.rs, hammermen, etc.. $73 to $".10.
Special shipment of one p_s*«ngcr car to-day.
ARIZONA— FLORENCE— ARIZONA.
JCOO MILKS — $10 CO.
2 special J..:ly over Santa Fe.
2555 men wanted.
Drillers, rwkmen, teamsters, laborers, etc.,
$2. *- 50, »¦: to $3 50 day.
HOUTH— 400 MILES— ft Oft— SOUTH.
Ko teamsters, you'll suit. $to.
TO THE LUMBER.
C5 laborers, no experience wanted. $!>O:
rdg-rman. sug-r pine. fUO: ox teamster. $.'.«
fd.: "head Ucr.keyinan. *ti0 fii.: 2 carriage
-etter*: head 1cks<t for woods, $75 M.; 10
Scandinavian latnrrr?, sawmill c<\, ?W;
-orew turners, hook tendi-rs. edg-rmen,
logcer who understands rt.rging. $W fd. ;
shinsrle pickers, cutoff sawyers. moMer.
sticker hand, cutoff sawyer run boring ma-
chine, $2.
CARinNTERS— CARPENTERS.
in carpev.tr-. build scows, boats, dredgers;
jj"a.ij ; exceptionally P»od Job; $Hi5
» carj>ct;tt-rs. housework; fare $1; $3 day.
;t -_»!-* -»r— plain -work: tare :ioc: $.1 50 day.
«^arr*;r:ter C. C. Co.; fare $1; S- day and id.
Ca-w>ntor. i-nch job: fare Jl: **0 and found.
OTHER TRADESMEN.
I?Ucki-mith. lumber company. $50 and found.
Blacksmith, mining town, $75 and found.
IS i.,r---.-.-i: t-rf. all round blacksmiths and
helpers, city and country Jobs, $4, $3 5U. $3,
52 to day.
4 wheelwrights, different jobs, $3 to $4 day.
Pricker hands. $t.
I 1 * coopers, clack work; north and south.
9 nail and d'>or hands. S3 to $3 50 day.
4 plumbers, $4 day; shingler, t&c per M.
t5 laborers; free fare; $1 fee.
NEW BRICKYARD: FARE $1 50.
4 laborers, fare $1 50. $2 day.
1 wheeler, fare $1 50, $2 day.
1 dumper, fare $1 50, $2 to $2 50 day.
195 WOODCHOPPERS, TIEMAKERS.
TO THE MINES AND QUARRIES.
36 laborers, for mines. $40 and $30 and fd.
IS drillers, no fare to pay. $t>7 50.
LABORERS. TEAMSTERS.
J>3 Fcrapex and wagon teamsters, $2 25 a day.
1C4 laborer*, all over California, some In San
Francisco, $2 and $2 50 a day.
35 laborers, » hours wcrk dally, that's all,
$2 a Uay.
HAY AND HARVEST HANDS,
fll haymakers, all over State, $1 50 day fd.
2.* harvest hands, sack sewers, pitchers, etc,
$2 a day and found. ¦
IS teamster*, extra good Job*, $1 50 and $2 a
day and found.
DAIRYMEN. STABLEMEN.
64 milkers, extra good jobs, come see, $33,
$40 and found.
«• butter-makers, 2 cheesemaken >, $40. $5O fd.
19 stablemen, city and country Jobs, $73,
$t*O, 135 and found.
4% choremen and beys, different jobs, $35
and $30.
MURRAY & READY.
G34 and 63C Clay st.
FOREMAN
for a vineyard and orchard: call early; will
pay the wages: we want the man.
MURRAY *: READY. 034 and 63«i Clay st.
' MAN to run Cym-— 3« riant, understand* chem-
istry, boss here. goo# wages; also 12 machine
miners. (00.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 63tS Clay st.
MARRIED.
Man and wife, ranch. Monterey Co.. $60 fd.
Cook and wife, 13 men. mine, fare $3. $40 fd.
Cook and wife. lumber camp. $50 found.
Cook and waitress, city Job, $50 found.
Milker and wife, Northern QU_ $50 found.
4 farmers and wives $50. $0O. $70 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPT. ~
First and second cooks, country, $150.
Tamale maker. $40 fd. : cook. 5 men, mine.
Kitchen helper, yprines. $:<0 found.
Cook's helper, mine. $>0: waiter, mine, $30.
12 cooks, different places, $-'t0 to $f>T> fourd.
9 waiters, different places. $:50 to $40 found.
27 difh washers. $25. $'U>. $33 found.
Porters, bell and elevatcr boys, pantry men.
"Second cook, mine $40 and found.
LOOK
Clerk, merchandise store, and found.
Mi!k wagon driver, extra good Job. $t0 fd.
3 butcher*.
Second baker, far- S3 50. $45 and found.
LAUNDRTMEN.
Laundryman. plain work, institution. $30 fd.
MURRAY & READY.
634 and «_¦; Clay st.
____________________
Printer, city. $1 to $1 50 day.
LAUNDRY.
Marker and distributor, fare $1, $15 week.
Ironer, fare $1, $12 week.
Mangle hand, fare $1. $10 week.
LOOK
Stonecutter, institution, far- 10c, $4 50 day.
Plasterer, country Job. $4 day.
Bench hand, planing mill, $3 day.
SECOND COOK.
Second cook or b-ker. country hotel. $60 fd.
Pastry cook, country hotel. $B5 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-036 Clay St.
WANTED for U. S. army, able-bodied un-
married men. between age* of 21 and 35:
citizens of the United States, of good char-
acter and temperate habit*, who can speak.
read and write English. For Information
apply to Recruiting Officer. Rlalto building.
New Montgomery »t.. San Francisco, or 1029
Second St., Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED — Men learn the barber trade: why
you should learn at Haight's College; he
pays his Instructor higher wages than other
colleges; students from other colleges pay
him to graduate them; he finishes you In a
tirter-hep, he teaches you cheaper. Call
at Halght'a College. 647 Commercial at., S. F.
ALL
Men to learn the BARBER TRADE; only
eight weeks required; positions i«ecured: con-
stant practice and expert Instruction; special
offer and catalogue mailed free.
&LOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Three first-class carriage black-
smiths and three first-class body makers;
good wages and steady employment to right
parties. Apply A. MEIETER _ SONS CO.,
Sacramento. Cal.
___ ____
WANTED — A steady n_n to learn a trade:
win make tn short time $50 a month. :; 10 '_
Folsom st., upstairs.
COUNTRY hotel barber shop, near city; no
rent; a bargain. Apply H. BERNARD. 1(»4
Seventh at. *-"« : v
TRT our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
SI 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mail charges. 11 3d St.. Exam. bid.
WANTED — A first-class wagon blacksmith
helper at £33 Beale et.
¦
100 QUARRYMEN. 212 Ninth St.
CARRIAGE trimmer* and painters at
O'BRIEN & SONS. 500 Golden Gate ave.
TWO chair barber shop for eale, good busi-
ness. Inquire L. D., 1715 Stockton st.
BOY wanted at C23 Mission st.
DOT wanted. -33 Mission It
A profitable outing; pick hops in August. Write
E.CLEMEN8 HORST CO..122Battery St.. S.F.
LABOR debt* collected: suit*, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 3_3 Montgy, r. 415.
YOU&G man to lemrn^-Jrirber trade; wages
wMle learning:. 74IA Jfoward st.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson et.
PENSION Atty..E. A. Bullis, r.40, Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
fcAILORS and ordinary eeamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart et.
WIS-CHESTElTjrcte!. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 700 room*; 20c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100$ Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. SCt Mission St.. bet, in and 2d sts.
GET -our shoe* half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 5C3 Mlreion st.. bet. 1st and 2d sta. j
I HOUSES TO 1,EO\ "
A — PRINTED list cf houses to let- send for dr-
. cular. G. II. UMCSEN A CO.. 20 Montgomery.
HOUSES r__JT_SHED — SXTBUKBAZT. '
FOB rent In Mill Valley: furnished 7-room
house; bath: hot water; also furnished tent.
For particulars Inquire at 108 Davis st.
IXVESTMEXTg]
GOOD Investment— A limited number of *hares
at 25c per share; this stock will be worth
cne dollar (SI) per share witnsn a year: call
er write Osceola Mining and Development
Company. 414 Crossley bnlldlng. 8. F.
60 PER cent interest in raining- mushrooms by
wholesale. Inquire A. SCHUTZ. Mill Valley,
*'**• • — iMary A. and Eugene N. Fritz to Edith O.
Smith, lot on W line of Aehbury street, 552 8
of Frederick, S 25 by W 100:3; $10.
Marguerite C. Dunand (Dominic) to Sophia
Hoare, lot on E line, of Cole etreet, 100 S of
Halght. S 25 by E 122:6; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Paciflo
Improvement Company (corporation), lot. on
SW corner of CarJ and Clayton street*, W
Caroline K. Givln to Allan St. J. Bowie, lot
on W line of Polk street, 109:6 S of Clay
street, S 78:6. W 75. N 12. W 50. N 47:814. K
43:8 N 18:9%, E 81:6; $10.
Clara and G. W. Luce to Pierre Ducasse, lot
on SE corner of Lombard and Franklin atreets,
E 27:« by S 100: $10.
John A. and Veronica. Miller to Benjamin
He»klrm lot on N line of McAllister street,
30 : l W of Gough. "W 34:1 by N 100: |10.
Margaret E. Griffin to John E. and Georjre
W Robinson, lot on N line of Po«t etrect,
137:6 E of Buchanan. E 25 by N 137:6, quit
claim deed: $200.
Charles S. Robinson to same, same, quit
claim deed; $1. .
K. J Le Breton to John E. Robinson, same,
quitclaim deed: $1.
John E. Cord Ina. and George W. Robinson
to Chnrle« J. Mosley. same; $10.
William and Eugenia E. Mlntzer to Edward
Rtephenson, lot on N line of Pacific wtreet, 64:2
Vf of Webster. W 37:6 by N 110: $10.
John A. Drinkhouse to Frederick R. Drink
house, lot on SE corner of Green and Stelner
streets S 31:3 by R Sfl:10; also lot'on S lint
of Green street, 86:10 E of Steiner,- E 50:8 by
S 85:6: also lot on H line of Vallejo ntrcet, 100
E of Ktetner. E 37:6 by S'51:6: $10. :
Frederick R. and Alma B. - Drinkhouse to
John A. Drinkhoune, lot on E line of Stelner
street. 31:3 S of Green, S 64:3 by E 88:10;
also lot on SE corner of Stelner and Vallejo
streets. S 61:6 by E 100; $10.
Pacific Coast Savings Society to Otis O.
Gould, lot en N line of Page street. 106:3 E
of Devisadero. E 25 by N 137:6; $6500.
Grosvenor P. and'GeorsIna Ayers to Leopold
Weinetein. lot on r S line of Golden Gate ave
nue 65 W of Scott street, W 27:6 by S 110;
$10. ¦ ;.V :
THURSDAY. JUNE 16.
REALi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Cal-*t C 5c. — I179iiPac O Im 4i. 91% —
C C Wat 0s. — 101 \P E Ry 8«. .104»il05',4
Ed t, * P fi«.12< — |P&CH6«..1O5 —
F t C H 6S.114H — PA OR 6s..— 118
Geary-it Bs. — 65 Powell-«t 6x. — 114
H C&S 5H»-1W — S"C EGAR 5t 96'4 97'4
Do 5» M 1W SF A 8JV 6b.116% —
lion R T 6«.1O5 — Sierra R «¦.. — us
I, A Elec 6*. — 105 S P of A 6s—
r, A Ry 6S..111H — «WH>) ...'.. 10SU109
L, A L Co 6» — — I M910) 109 —
Do (rtd fla. — — ISPofC 6s—
Do Ktd Bs.I02'.i — I n9«5)ar A.102U —
LAP 1cm fis.101 — I (iflCO)Sr B. 102% —
Mkt-tt C Aa.ilSU — <li«H5) — 1C5H
Do 1cm 5*114 U — I H012) 115 —
MV*MtT 5s.101U _ IfiPC lc«r BS..110 —
N R of C 6«.107>i — Do «tmpd..!07«i
Do ••>•...*. 116%117 IS P B R 6S.131U —
N P C R 5s.lC5 — IS V Wat 6s. — —
X c Ry to.. — 112 Do 4s 2dm. 99 M14
N C P C Rs. 98 — Do 4s Sdm. — 99
N 8 R R 5«. — 100',l Do K mts4s 97H —
O G L*H Rn.107 — fitkn GftE 6s — 101 K
O W Ktd 5s. — 100 |U G & E 5s. — 105
WATER STOCKE.
Contra Coeta — 40 [Port Costa... — —
Marin Co... — CO |S V Wat Co. 37>4 37*i
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent I- & P. .Vi 4 S K O 4 E. 6I'J 62
Mutual E L. 11«i 12% Stkn a * E. 5»i —
Pac I. Co... 55>i — U G & E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
FirenV* Fnd.310 340 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.l27>4 — (Ix>n P & A.. ISO 160
Anrlo-Ca) .. K»H R6HlMer Trust... 205 —
Bank nt Cal. 425 — IMereh Ex.... W) —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 S F National — —
First Natlonl — — |
SAVINGS BANKS.
Or S & L.22S0 2350 Sav & I, So. — 100
Hum S ft I-. — — Bee Sav Bk.. — 4B0
Mut Sv Bk.100 — Union T Co.. — —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 200 I Presidio 40* —
Geary — «0 ,| . .
POWDER. I
Giant 6014 61 !VI*orlt ..... — 5"
SUGAR.
liana P Co 16c Kllauca S C. — 4
Hawaiian C. BO 62 Makawell C. 21 '/4 — •
Honokaa S C ll«i 12 Orinmea f3 C. 24 27>i
Hutch S P C 8 9 . Taaubau S C 13 13>i
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska P A. 137 ISSUtOccanic 8 C. 4 VA
Continued From Page 15.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
A Xcrvy Youngster.
A boy about 9 years old was pedaling
vigorously out Chestnut j street the
other day on his bicycle, but on the
•wrong side of the street. He was
therefore inviting the accident which
soon overtook him. A big automobile
came whizzing down in the opposite
direction and struck the kid and
his wheel amidships, sending both fly
ing in the air. The rider turned sev
eral somersaults in midair, while the
bystanders cried out in horror, expect
ing him to be killed instantly. But
this youth, cat like, landed on his
feet. He immediately, drew a pencil
and piece of paper from his pocket and
rushing uo to the chauffeur demanded
his name and address. The man
laughed.
"I must have it," insisted the boy.
"Are you hurt?" asked the man.
"Naw, I ain't hurt, but I want your
name. Give up now."
* The automobilist thereupon drew his
card from his pocket and handed it
to the boy.
"You were on the wrong side of the
street, my little man," he said, "but
never mind that. I like your nerve.
Get your wheel fixed and bring the bill
to me." And ' away he went. — Phila
delphia Telegram.
KICKED TWICE BY SAME HORSE.^jJohn
Pattlson, aged 16 years, was kicked on th»
head by a horse yesterday as he was driving
to his home at 923 Connecticut street. The
injury, which may result seriously, was treated
at the Potrero Hospital by Dr. Buell. It con
sisted of a deep lacerated wound on the left
side of the head, with a possible fracture of
the skull. On a previous occasion the name
animal kicked tbe boy on the right side of tna
head. Inflicting a wound which necessitated
medical attendance.
Cal F C A.. — 100 IPacAuxFA. 5 6
Cal Wine A. S9H 90tf Pac C Borax. 157% —
MV&Mt Tm.100 — (
Morning Session.
Board —
20 Giant Powder cons 60 60
$5,000 Oakland Transit 5s Ill €2«4
$5,000 S. V. 4s <2d mtge) ./... 03 00.
Street—
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 137 T5
$2S,000 S. P. Cal. 1st con os stamped)... 108 00
( Afternoon Session.
" Board—
Jl.COO Cal Cen Gas & Elec 6s ....103 25
15 Spring Valley Water'Co 37 50
Street—
$7,000 Cal Gaa & El Gen M & C T 5s.. 85.00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay CPC t'.s. — 83 Is P C Ry 4s. — 100
C NW n 5s. — 112 |SP Co 4>is. 99 —
Mar C W 5s. 100 — IS T&T Co tis.ll.'J —
It I Wks 0s. — JO7>,4 Do 5s — M>5
SF Drdk 5s. — IViVt Sutter-st 0s..lC5 113
SF *NPR5s. — 1119i UK of SF 4s. 78»4 ~9%
MISCELLANEOUS. »
Ala S Co — o0 Mat Nav Co. — 60
Amer Bis Co — 90 Nev Ntl Bk..l80 200
Cal Cot Mills 80 >7 N S R R »!i —
C G £ E Cor 45 60 | N C P Co. . . — 11
Cal Pwd Co. ISO 14S |Oak Bk Sav. 11216 —
Cal Ship Co. 21 27 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I & T.115 — , 1OOF Hall A 6 —
Oen Bk Oak. — 65 Orpheum Co. — 15 ii
Chutes Co... — 7't Pac C Cas...l25 —
City & C Bk — 112 Pac STt T.100 —
Cyp L Imp.. — 7*, Paraf Paint. 38 . — ..
East Dynm. — 250 ' S F Drydock. CO —
Dup Pdr pfd — 00 SF&SJV Coal 25 32H
Do com... — 60 S J Wat Co. — IOC
FN Bk Oak. 120 — S O&Tgbt C.125 — - -
Fischer Thtr 85c 1U Ewiss-A Bnk.115 —
Frnch-A Bk.108 — Truckee Elec 11 12 U
Oas- Con As. — 22 UR In Co pfd 46VS 49&
Hono P Co.. 14 * — Do com ... 9 —
Lon&SF Bk. — EO .
Morning Sasilon.
Etreet — ••-. .- ¦:
54 French American Bank HO 00
*20.000 U R R of S> F 4s 79 00
Afternoon Session.
IS.OWiTr-R otSF4...... 7. 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked. ]
Apollo 46
Associated Trust Certificates. IS 20
Aztec til
California Standard 13 • ....
Caribou 8 BO 4 00
Chicago Crude 20
Claremont «S 7')
Four 61 S-t
Fulton 2 50
Giant IB
Hanford - ISO 00 1«5 00
Home 140 150
Imperial 18 00
Independence :. S-'S 1 27
Kern 4 75 ....
Kern River 10 00 15 00
Monarch (.of Arizona) 30 • 3d
Monte Cristo 65 t»
Occidental of W Va 05 ....
011 City Petroleum 50 69
Peerless 13 60
Reed Crude 160
Sovereign 38 ....
Sterling •'.-• i, 2 fi0
Superior 04 05
Thirty-three 8 25
Toltec • 21 ....
Twenty-eight 8 50 ....
Associated Bonds 70 i. 0
Wabash •• 20 31
Miscellaneous —
Cal Jockey Club 125 00
Fischer's Theater 80 ....
Northern Cal Power 11 CO
SALES.
Morning Section.
Afternoon Session.
Board —
1600 Claremont <0
223 Twenty-eight Oil 8 25
etreet— ¦ ; . f on : :'
200 Sovereign »»
Mining Stocks.
SAN* FHAXCISCO STOCK EXCANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
r <- Morning Session.
.V>0 Alpha 121 400 Mexican 1 30 >.
SCO Con C & Va.l 35| 200 Ophir 4 10
50 Crown Point. 151 100 .Sierra Nev .. 40
200 Exchequer . . 421 500 Sierra Nev . . 41 .
800 Exchequer .. 41| 100 Union Con .. 47.
300 Justice 10| 2oO Union Con .. 4S
100 Mexican 1 251 100 Yellow Jacket. 25,
Afternoon Session. '
ICO Belcher 25! 150 Mexican 1 25 '
150 Con C & Va.l 30| 100 Overman 21
100 Con C & Va.l 33 500 Sierra Nev .. 40
300 Gould & Cur. 23| 3C0 Silver Htll . . 65 j
PACIFIC 8TOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session'. •
' 100 Alpha HI 200 Mexican 130
100 Caledonia ... 72 1C0 Mexican 125
tOO Con C & Va.l ."5| 50 Ophlr 4 05
200 Con C & V.I 32% 100 Overman 25
100 Justice 101 600 Sierra. Nev .. 41;
Afternoon Session. :
100 Challenge Con 15| 350 Mexican ...1 22ls
100 Con C & Va.l 30| 200 Sliver Hill .. 65
100 Crown Point. 16| 100 Union Con .. 41
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the Eales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
. Morning Session.
1000 Brunswick ... 15I2C00 Ton Belmont.. 73
9700 MacNamara . 4'JIIWO Ton Belmont.. 77 ;
600 MacNamara . 4! I 750 Ton Gold M. 19
12 000 MacNamara 45 2(KM) Ton Gold M. 20
200 Mont Ton .. .2 20 1 1500 Ton Gold M. 21
4SC0 Ray & O'Brien 10. 1100 Ton Midway.. 4J
10C0 Ray & O'Brien TO I 625 Ton Midway.. 44,
200 Ray Tonopah. 171 300 Ton N Star... 2V
1000 Rescue lOHiOO Ton N Star... 29,
Afternoon Session. j
400 Evelyn 31| 5C0 Ton Belmont.. 72'
2600 MacNamara . 43| 1600 Ton Gold M. 25
5000 MacNamara . 4H 500 Ton Gold M. Ti
1000 MacNamara . 47 2000 Ton Midway.. 45
200 Ray & O'Brien 10 Of* » Ton Midway.. 44
1000 Rescue 10| 500 Ton ,N Star... 30 J
1000 Rescue HI
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. June 16— 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alnha 10 12!Justlce 10 11
AHa 06 07!Kentuck 04 05
Andes 12 l.'IIKeycs Graes.. —120
Belcher 25 271 Lady Waah .. — C(J
Best & Belch.l 05 1 15| Mexican 1 20 1 25
Bullion 11 12|Occldental 70 81
Caledonia ... 71 73|Ophlr 3 05 4 00
Challenge Con 14 16 Overman 23 24,
Chollar 10 11 Potosl 10 11 ;
Confidence".. 98 1 05 Scorpion 16 IS
Con C & Va.l 30 1 .15 Savage 16 IS!
Con Imperial. 01 02 Seg Belcher .. 07 03 1
Con NY 03 04 Sierra Nev . . 39 41 |
Crown Point. 15 16 Silver Hill ..64 66
East Sierra N 06 — St Louis .... 09 10 |
Eureka Con.. — 60 Syndicate, 03 04
Exchequer .. 41 43 Union Con .. 44 45
Gould & Cur. 23 24 Utah 13 16
Hale & Norc. 68 75 Yellow Jacket. 22 21
Julia 08 00
TONOPAH MINES.
. Bld.Artc.l Bld.Ack.
Colehan — 07lRay Tonopah.. Irt 22
Enperanra ... 02 C3 Rescue ....... 09 10:
Gold Anchor. 20 —Ton Belmont.. — * 72
Gold M Con. 01 02| Ton Cash Boy — 25
Hannapah M. 25 —Ton Ext«£v 8T ~
Jim Butler... «8 — iTon & Q W.. — 05
Little Ton .. 36 60 Ton Gold M. 21 2S
Lucky Tom.. — 03! Ton Midway.. 44 »5
MacNamara . 42 43 Ton of Nev. — 8 87^ j
Mlzpah Ex . . 10 — Ton N Star. .29 31 ]
Mont Ton. .2 15 2 17% Ton & Salt L — R0
Paymaster ... — 07 United Ton .. »— 14
Ray Exten .. — / 15 West End ... —
Ray &O'Brlen. 10 341
Death Claims Physician.
CHICAGO. June 16. — Dr. Nathan
Smith Davis, one 6T the prominent
physicians in America, died here to
day, aged 87 years.
Dr. R. F. HotchWiss Dead.
OAKLAND. June 16. — Dr. R. F.
Hotchkiss, aged 88 years, died yes
terday at the home of his son, "T. S.
Hotchkiss. 664 Eleventh street. The
deceased has resided in Oakland for
the last ten years.
ALAMEDA, June 16. — John Lewis,
an old resident, expired suddenly at
his home on Central avenae this
morning from apoplexy. He was a
native of England, aged 71 years, and
leaves besides a widow the following
children: Mrs. Herman y Rlssman.
Mrs. Frank Saviers, Ada, LUlie, John
and Roy Lewis.
Dcatli Comes Suddenly.
Mrs. Ada M. Glrvot Maher Shad
burne, wife of George D. Shadburne,
the well-known attorney, died at the
family residence, 819 California street,
on Wednesday night. She was be
loved by a large circle of friends for
her interest in religious work and un
ostentatious She belonged to
an old Southern family. She was a
native of Louisiana and came to this
city with her husband in 1868. Be
sides her husband she leaves the fol
lowing children to mourn her loss:
George D. Shadburne Jr., Mrs. N. W.
Mulr, Leonard A. Shadburne, W. H.
Shadburne and W. R. A. Shadburne.
Pioneer Woman Passes Away.
Mrs. Emma M. Tuttle, wife of Cap
tain Francis Tuttle of the United States
revenue cutter service, commanding the
U. S. S. Manning, died at 1 o'clock
yesterday afternoon at her home at 2918
Pacific avenue. Mrs. Tuttle had been
ill for some time, but had been con
flned'to her bed for a few days only. On
Wednesday she was stricken with
pneumonia and on 'Thursday morning
lost consciousness, passing away at 1
o'clock without again recognizing her
husband, mother or daughter, who were
at her bedside. The funeral services
will be held at the residence on Paqific
avenue at 2 p. m. to-morrow, followed
by a short service one hour later at the
Odd Fellows' crematory, where the
body will be cremated.
Mrs. E. M. Tuttle Passes Away.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
TENERIFVE — Arrived June 16— Stmr Lu
mantla, from San Francisco, via Central and
South American ports, for Hamburg.
SAILED.
Thursday, Jun* 18.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Olsen, Grays Harbor.
Schr Conflanza. Johnson, Notleys Landing.
f DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN— Arrived June 16— Stmr Cen
tralia, hence. Juno 12; schr A J West, hence
May 31; schr Sophie Chrlstensen, henc«
June 4.
Sailed June 16 — Stmr G C Lindauer. for San
Francisco; schr Endeavor, for -San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK — Arrived June. 16 — Stmr Penn
sylvania from Hamburg, via Boulogne and
Plymouth.
Sailed Jun« 16 — Stmr La Gascogne. for
Havre; stmr Hamburg, for Hamburg, via,
Plymouth and Cherbourg: stmr Barbarossa, for
Bremen, via Plymouth and Cherbourg.
GLASGOW — Arrived June 15 — Stmr Aus
trian, from Boston; stmr Ethiopia, from New
York, via Movllle.
LONDON— Arrived June 16— Stmr Colom
bian, from Br«ton. ¦'¦ . ¦;
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June 16— Stmr
Westernland, from Liverpool, for Philadelphia;
stmr Oceania, from Liverpool, for Naw York.
COPENHAGEN— Sailed Juna 13— Stmr Nlco
lal III. for Boston.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived *June 16 — Stmr Hav
erford. from Boston; stmr Teutonic, from New
York, via Queenstown.
Sailed June 16 — Stmr Grotia. for Boston, via
Queenstown; etmr Tunlsan. for Montreal, via
Moville; stmr Vancouver, for Montreal.
CHERBOURG— Arrived June 15— Stmr
Deutschland. from New York, via Plymouth,
for Hamburjr, and Droceeded. y
HAVRE— Arrived June 16— Stmr La Tor
raine. from New York.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
John and Ida M. Chalfant (owners) with
Blctch & Lansing (contractors), architect .
All work for a three-story frame building
(three flats), on lot on ' W line of Clayton
street, 210 N of Wederick. N 25 by W 125.
Western Addition 769;. $7400.
Dlcdrich Rohrs (owner) with Edward Cof
fey (contractor and architect) — All work for a
4-room frame cottage on lot' on B line of
Fortieth avenue. l:)7:6 N of A street. N
37:0 by E 120. Outside Land 245; $870.
Pearl F. - Sturtevant (wtfe of George A.,
owner) with W. L. Moore (contractor), archi
tect William Knowles — AH work for a two
utory and , basement frame building on por
tions of lots 29 and SO, block G, Sunset
Heights: $.T!40. .'-.;- x
• D. K. McNeil (owner) with W." K.' Finlay
and -Theodore Shieve (contractors). • architect
. Plumbing for twelve frame flats on lot
on NE corner of Fulton and Stanyan streets,
N 125. 8W K.Ofl. 3 123.46. W 63. Western
Addition 705; $2300.
David Cohen (owner) .with Irelan & Wood
(contractors)..- , architect-. Philip : Bchwerdt —
Plumbing, gas fitting, sewering, etc., for two
thre«-stcry frame buildings with partly finished
basement (fiats) on lot on N line, of- Rills
street. 32:6 E of Stelner. E 53 by N 87:6;
11800.
Julius Hellfronn (owner) with Theodore S..
Holn (contractor), architect Charles J. Rous
seau — All work except mantels, gas fixtures,
shades and grates for a three-story attic and
hnsement frame building on lot on N line of
McAllister street. 113:6 W of Stelner. W 27:6
by N 137:6. Western Addition 871: $10.49.1.
Leopold and Sarah Weinntein to George C
Wrlcht, lot on N corner of Felton and Bow
doln streets. NE 60 by NW 100, lots 16 and
17. block 5fl, tiame: $10.
H. C. . Klnne to Peter F., Emile E., Joseph
and Eugene Ferrorl, lot on NE line of Prince
ton street. 100 SE of Stlllman. SE 60 by NE
120, lots 9 and 10, block 71, Railroad-avenue
Extension: $250
Julius C. Rcls to Hermann Winter, lot* 9
and 10, block 17, Reia Tract: grants
Same to Kdward and Viola Haas, lot 42.
block 12. Rels Tract: grant.
Same to Eli J. and Ann V. Stocker, lots 4
and r>, hlock 43, Rels Tract: grant.
Oscar Heyman to John Stevenson, lot on W
line of Glrard street, 225- N of Wilde, N 25 by
W 120. block 34, Paul Tract: $10.
Bernhard and Rose Getz to William II.
Rpyburn, lot on NW line of Edinburgh street,
123 NE of Persia, NE 50 by NW 100, block
37. Excelsior Homestead; $10. . «
Walter and A. B. Powell to Klntoro Kinura
and Nlshlyama Yoshlnoske (Torn). lots 40 to
43. block B, Lakevlew: $10.
. O»car Brand to Andrew A. and Helena C.
Walberg. lot IS, block 9, Flint Tract; $10.
Builders'. Contracts.
Robert G. Byxbce to Edith S. Nott (Byxbee).
lot on N corner of Felton and Bowdoln streets,
NE 30 by NW 100, lot 16. block 89. University
Mound, quitclaim deed; $1. •»
Edith S. Nott (Byxbee), to Leopold Wein
strln. same; $10.
Samuel II. and Bernle D. Boardman to Mary
E. Rurhton. lot on K line of Sixth avenue,
150 N of D Btrret N 25 by E 120: $10.
City Realty Company (corporation) to Oscar
C. Cappelmann. lot on E line of Second ave
nue. 83 S of Hugo street, S 75 by B 95; $10.
Tsan Francisco Savings Union to Thomaa and
Mary Kelly lot on SE line of N street. 60
SW of Ninth avenue. SW 25 by SE 100, lot
5«. block 1«4 Central Park; $300.
Bessie. W. Fuller to Alfred P. Fuller. lot on
W line of Stanyan street. 175:7 N of Belgrave,
N 124:9% W 46:1, S 122:1. B 66:3H. Jot 1.
block r> subdivision 1, Clarendon Height*: $500.
Augusta, Grace and George Boyd to Charles
TV, Pope, lot on SE corner of Twenty-eighth
avenue and Clement street. E 32:6 by S 100;
$10.
Jamfs P. and ilinna Jorgensen to Anna
Renner, lot on N line of B street. 57:6 E of
Eighth avenue, E 25 by N 100; $10.
Kmma W. Shattuck and Carrie W. Abbott
to F. Uri & Co.. lot on SE corner of Clay and
Leldesdorff streets, E 30 by S 58:9; $10.
Catherine Hodge to Antonio Clravollo and
Gluseppa Clravollo, lot on N line of Union
street, 77:« E of Kearny, B 20 by N. 87:6;
$2500. *V
Lucy Benson to Jesse G. Gobey, lot on>W
line of Powell street. 72 Jtf of Post, N 20:9 by
W 80; $10.
¦ Sarah E. ' Bunker to Arthur Mullan, lot on.
SE line of De Boom stceet, 125 NBof Second.
NK 25 by SE 80; $10.
Susan Kilkenny to Mary Kelly «"t al, lot on
SE line of Clementina street. 127:6 NE of
Sixth. NE 20 by SE 80; $ .
James O'Connor to Anna L. Clark (Corbett).
lot on SW corner of Twenty- fourth and Ver
mont streets, S 100 by W 125. quitclaim
deed; $1.
n G. and Anna L. Clark (Corbett) to Chris
tian' Bodel. lot on S line of Twenty-fourth
street 75 W of Vermont. W 25 by S 100; $10.
• Phllemlna Oxen to Lena F. Wllkie, lot on
"W line of Second avenue, 125 S of California
street. S 25 by W 118. N 25. E 121: $5600.
Frank W. and Josephine B. Dewey to T. A.
Mitchell, lot on S line of Duncan street, 270
W of Sanchez. W 25 by S 11*; $10.
San Francisco Savings Union to Louis and
Mary Kaplar, lot on E line of Diamond street,
172 :« f? of -Twentieth. S 25 by E 125; $10.
For a risky and exciting and profit
able—if you survive— mode of earning
a livelihood, a new Australian indus
try can be confidently recommended. It
is the collection of snake venom, a sub
stance, that, like radium, is valued by
the grain. A pound of it is said to be
worth £5000. It is in active demand by
chemists. It is obtained from three
species— the death adder, the brown
adder and the tiger snake. The reptiles
must be caught uninjured, and it goes '
without saying that the industry "de- j
mands considerable knowledge and ¦
skill in capture." Tiger snakes are the
best, for they carry most venom.
Snakes are still numerous in the Aus
tralian bush.
300:1114, S 122:6U, SE 180, SB 310:3. N to I
a point 125 S of Carl. W 123. N 25. B 23, N 60. I
E 100. N 60; $ .
Ellen and E. B. Harris to William H. Dunn,
lot on W line of Valencia street, 140 S of
Fifteenth, S 38 by W 80; $10.
A. W. Johnson to Ludwig B. G. Koe-nlg, lot
on W line of Capp street. 215 N of Twenty
second. N 30 by W 122:6; 110.
Stanislaus Water Company to Simon Bach
nan, lot on W line of Dolores street, 76:6 3
of Liberty. S 60 by W 105. quitclaim deed; $10.
Jacob Brandt. S. and Arthur Bachman, S.
Pachman • & Co. to Golden State Investment ;
Company, same; $10.
John and Ellen Holloran to George Holy, lot
on S line of Jersey street, 125 E of Noe, E 23 I
by S 114; $10.
George and Jane Holy to Joseph and Clara •
Lehman, same; $10. ¦
John Center to John B. Relte. lot on W line !
of York street, 102 S of Twentieth. S 25 by
W 100: $10.
Walter B. Necdham to Lulu Schwartz, lot
on S line of Twenty-fourth street, 50 E at <
Alabama. E 23 by S 104; $10. I
Hlbcrnia Savings and Loan Society to Mary I
McVeigh, lot on E line of Noe street, 101:6 >r
of Thirtieth, N 25 by E 105, also lot on tT line
of Twenty-fifth street, 25 B of Bellevue, E 100
by Is' 111:8. and lot on E line of Folsom street,
30 N of California avenue. N 175 by E 115,
Preclta Valley. $1500.
8ame to Delia Ccunlhan, lot on B Una of
Noe street, .76:6 N of Thirtieth. N 25 by E 105;
$425.
In the Poison Business.
San Francisco— Mrs. D. A. Hodghead. Obert
F. Simpson, Mrs. Frank Fredericks. O. K.
Claxton, Mr. and Mrs. Fred S. Kellogp. Mrs.
L. H. CurtiB. Frederic M. Blgfrerstaft. W. W.
lloas. Mrs. W, W. Rosa. Ralph C. Harrison,
Miss May Ludlow, Miss Sady Ludlow, Mrs.
W. D. Keynton. Antoinette Keyiton, C. K.
Lewis. M. D.: Walter E. Plnkham. Katherino
Rosenbauer, H. Harlow, Mrs. D. O. Ault,
Mary Z. Burns, Nellie Burns, Mrs. C. A.
Workman. II. 1. Workman, Paul Hahnemann.
Henry Rey ' Sander, Frank H. Harris, Albert
B. Bates. David Solomon, Miss H. B. Horning.
Homer T. Blckel.' Miss jr. F. Lennan. Miss
L. E. Ilofman. Miss Lillian Hodghead. Miss
Empress L. Davidson, Samuel Sung Young,
James L. Burr, B. H. Edrldge.
Oakland— Dr. J. C. Maver. Mrs. J. C. May
er, Cornelia P. Bartlett. Neva Jan-is Decoto,
Theo. Gier, Lillian Remlllard. H. A. Pow
ell. Miss Helen Powell. Master Stanley Pow
ell. Mrs. II. B. Hawkinson. Miss Marion
Itawktnson. Miss Hazel Hawkinson. Ed
Schmidt. Miss S. Perkins. ' George Booeroux,
Mrs. George F. Booerpux.
San Jose— D. G. Bishop, M. E. Bishop,
Emma R. Blaner. Maxwell Vestal, W. I*.
Lloyd Cozrens.
Berkeley— Mrs. George Jensen. D. R. Jones,
Mrs. D. R. Jonea, Mrs. Hester Grey, Lewis
A. McArthur.
The following Californians are at
the Louisiana Purchase Exposition:
San Francisco and Neighboring Cities
Are Well Represented at
St. Louis.
PETALUMA, June 16.— The annual
encampment of the Grand Army of the
Republic of Northern California Is now
on in full sway at Kenilworth Park in
this ' city. The camp was formally
opened Thursday and hundreds of citi
zens turned out to make things agree
able for the many visitors. It was
Petaluma day at the camp. The stars
and stripes were unfurled at Camp
Pardee and were saluted with the roar
of cannons and martial music by the
bands. „
This evening Mayor Veale welcomed
the soldiers on behalf of the city.
Judge Buckles of Solano County re
plied on behalf of the visitors.
Speeches were also made by Command
er Rice and General Woodruff. United
States army. . •-.>',*'
To-morrow will be Santa Rosa day
and a fine programme has been ar
ranged for the occasion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"I did not tell them how it happened,
but will make up for the trick when
they come to San Francisco." — ', .
"When the ballots were counted it
was discovered San Francisco had
been complimented to the extent of
thirty votes over the remainder of the
contestants.
"I went around among the chiefs and
told them I at least wanted a compli
mentary vote for my city. Many of
them promised, and as I progressed I
omitted to mention how many had
promised a complimentary vote.
Chief Wittman explained how San
Francisco came to get the next con
vention: "When I went to St. Louis,"
he said, "I talked San Francisco, but
every one told me that it was no use,
as Detroit had It cinched.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. June 16. —
George W. Wittman, Chief of Police of
San Francisco, was a guest of Chief
John Hayes to-day, en route home from
the convention of chiefs in St. Louis.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANY CALIFORNIANS
ATTEND EXPOSITION
Delegates Surprised When
San Francisco Wins by
Complimentary Ballots
Citizens of Sonoma County
Give Cordial Welcome to
k Men WhoFought for Union
SCHEME WORKS WELL
MAYOR GEEETS GUESTS
Petaluma Turned Over to
Grand Army Veterans in
Camp at Kenilworth Park
Chief Gets Convention by
Pledging Friends to Give
the West Courtesy Votes
OLD SOLDIERS
CAPTURE TOWN
WITTMAN'S
CLEVER PLAN
The Superior Lodge, Degree of Honor,
elected the following officers: Superior
chief of honor, Mrs. Luella K. Webster,
Belding, Mich.; superior lady of honor,
Mrs. Mamie W. Briggs, Portland, Or.;
superior chief of ceremonies, Mrs. F. M.
Kemper, Helena, Mont.; ,' superior
watch, Mrs. Mary N. Ford, Emporla,
Kans.
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn., June 16.—
The following: supreme officers were
chosen by \the Ancient Order United
Workmen to-day: Past supreme mas
ter workman, Webb McNall, Gaylord,
Kans.; supreme master workman, W.
M. Narvis, Muscatlne, Iowa; supreme
foreman, William/ Colville, Jackson
ville, Or. i
Webb McNall of Kansas Selected as
the Head of the Fraternal
Organization.
ORDER OF UNITED WORKMEN
CHOOSES SUPREME OFFICER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,' FRIDAY, JUNE .17, 1904.
14
RAILWAY ITtAVETj.
g CAUFOaNI IA ~ H
1 LIMITED TO CHICACC g
1 LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS B
H at !>::to a. m., throarb tn 3 days, H
Hj with diner and all trapplara. |fl
Other Santa Fe Trains:
7:30 a. m."l fcr Stockton. Fresno, Bakersfleld.
S:00 p! m!J Ml?rce(1 . Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton. 'J'y-
8:00 p. m. for Kansas Cify, Grand Canyon and
Chicago. ". ".; ::
TICKET OmCTES— 641 Market St. and
Terry Depot, S. P. Also 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. 27 South First St.,
San Jose. " , .
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
3_,ESSE3E3
UN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAIL WAT COMPAITT.
Tituron Ferry, Foot of Market Street.
SAK rBAKCISCO TO SAN SAFASXi.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30, 8:00, 8:0O, 11:00 a. w.:
12:35. 2:50, 3:40. 5:10. 5>:50, 6:30 and 11:30
P. m.
Saturdays — Kxtra trip at 1:30 p. tn.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
2:30, 3:40 5:10, 6:30, 11:30 p. ra.
SAN KAFASXi TO SAN FSANOZSCO.
WEKK DATS— 6:05. 6:50. 7:35. 7:50. 0:2ft,
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. t2:00. 3:40, 5:00, 5:2ft.
6:25 p. m. Saturdays — Kxtra trip at 1:45
D. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50, 7:35, 0:20, 11:15 a. m.; 1:45,
3:40, 4:C0. 5:00, 6:20. 6:25. 7:50 p. ra. tEx-
cept Saturdays.
L«ave | In Effect j Arrive
San Fran. | May 1, 1904. I San Fran. .
"Week I Sun- I Destina- ! Sun- | Week
Dayn. | days. | tlon. | days. | Days.
I 7:3O~a 7:15 a I 774iTa
7:30a 8:00a L SMrtal 8:40a,
8:00 a 0:30 a Iitnaclo. 10:20 a|10:2rt »
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 pj 6:2<» p
5:10p 5:10p 6:2f>p|7:23p
7:25 pi
8:45 p|
7:30 a 7:30 a 7:45 a| 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a| 10:20 a
2:30p 0:30a PeUluma. «:2Op|«:2i>p
6:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p) 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 1 8:45 p|
7:30a 7:30a 10:20 a 10:20a
8:00a 8:00a * Fulton. 7:25p B:2Op
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:45 p 7:25 p
I Windsor, I
7:30 a 7:30 a Hc-fasburg. 10:20 n| 10 :20 a
• Lytton. I .
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle. 7:25 pj 7:23 p
Cloverdale. I
7:30 a| 7:30 at Hopland |10:20a 10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p 7:25 p
" i I wimts. I I
7:30 al 7:30 a| Sherwood. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
~8:00a| 8:0o"a| Gucrnevllle and |10:20all0:20a
2:30 p| 2 :30 p Camp Vacation.* i 8:45 p| 6:20 p
"8:00 a 8:00 a 8:40 al 8:40 a
6:10p 9:30a Sonoma. 6:«Op 6:20p
5:10 f Glen Ellen. S:45 p[
7:30 al 7:30 al 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30p|2:30p| Sebastopol. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at' Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Sprlns* and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Burke'a Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boone-
ville and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyrllle. Cans-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley
John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's. Uuckrell's.'
Sanliodrin Heights. Hullvillc. Orr'« Hot
Springs. Halfway House. Oomptche. Camp
Steven*. Hopkins, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg.
Weotport, ITsal; at Wllllts for Fort Bragg,
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo Luvton-
vllle, Cummins. Bell's Springs, Hani*. Ol»»ns,
Dyer, Garbervllle, Pepperwood, 'Scotia and Eu-
reka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
; duccd rates.
I On Sundays— Round-trip tickets to all points
: beyond San Rafael &t half rates.
'^Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
! building.
I JAS. L. F^AZIER. R. X. RYAN,
[ Gen. Manager. Gen. I'ats, Ajt.
The Call's , Cook Book prem-
ium offer ! will close on August
30, 1904, and all rentiers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure - should not
fall ' to place their order im-
mediately.
This splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of 50
cents per copy. Out - of town
orders 25 cents additional to
cover prepayment of transporta-
tion charges. -
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE AUGUST
30, 1904.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
w£\T_£f^Jv Tr.ilrn leave nnii %re (Is*
|M^^Z SAN FRA>'CISCO.
\^ C | £/ FXB3T VXTOT
— - . (Toot ot Murket Sweet >
i.«»»« — MAIN LtNE^ - ak»i7T
7.00A VncaTlIte. Wlntarv Kuin«er 7 60»
74»A Boolcla. Salsna. Elmlnan.d Baera-
mento 7.20»
7J0a Vallejo. N»pa. CalMtoc*. SaaU
»'.o««. Martinez. SUn lUmw 6 tC»
7-30A 5nea, LiTcroiora. Tracy. L.throo.
Stockton 7.2t>
t 00a 8h»it» Expreta— (VU Uartir. /
W|lll»m» (for UnrUett SprlaJ^K
Wlllowt tKrnto. K*d KluiZ.
Portland. Tacom*. Sentt'.e 7.5C»
».Ma Darts. Woodland. KnU-'.U* L*::d:iu'.
MurytTllIe. OroTlllc 7.58*
I-S0A Port Costa. Marlines. Anlloch.
Brron. Tracy. 9voc*fn. N>»-
nta. Lo« Bano*. M e n d o t *.
Armona. lUnfanJ. Vital!*.
PorterTlIle 4.20»
t^OA Port Coat*. Lati>ro|«. Mod eat o.
Merced, rrrinu, Go«nen .lane-
tton. Hsoford, VUalla. IUkcrt-
teld 4.50*
8-iCA Nile*. 6*n .lone. LlTnrmore. Stock-
ton. (tMllton). lo«e. »a.-:r*inento.
Pl»eerrll'«. M»rytrCIe. Cnlco.
Ited Blarr 423*
t-S0AO*kil*Ie. Chta*se. J*me«towa. So-
nor*. Toolumne unJ Angela 4 20»
9 00a Atlantic Kzprrit—Og^rn »Dii R««t. 1120a ¦
8J0a Rlrhmosd, U*rUnez and Way
Sutlons 8 80a>
18- COa Tb« OT«rI*nd Limited — ogJen.
Denvvr. Omab*. C'blcaxo. 6 20»
10-00* V.llejo., 1223*
10-CCaLgs Ancle* r*«*en«er — Port
Cotta. Martinez, Byron. Tracy,
lAtbrop. Ptocktoa. Merced,
Kiymoail. Fretro. Gotaen Jane-
tlon. Hanford. Leraoore, V!»*l!a.
BsVer«fleM. Lot Angelrt 7.?ff»
12.00m naywtr.l. NUet and Way Statloot. 3.2C»
ti.COP 8»cr«!aentoniTer S:e«meT» tii.Obo
3 30P Beolei*. 17|nter>. Sacramento,
Woodland, Knlghti Lauding.
lfai7sTtIl«. Orovll'.e aad way
•Utloot 1980*
S-ICp HtTwtrrt. 5l!ej aad'n'tT Stations.. 7 50 »
S.JCp Tort Coit*. M»rt!n-i. Bjroa,
Tracy, Lathrup. liodeslo.
MrrceJ. Bereoda. Fretno and
WaT Stations beyond Port Coit* 12-20*
5-30P Tonemtta Valley, rla Berend* aad
Wawona I 50»
5-30P Martinez. Traey. Ptoektoa. lodl... 10 20a
4 CCp Mtrilne».8nnl:.;inon.V«l!tJo,N»pa,
CalUtOK*. SantnRot* 920a
4 CCp Nile*. Tracy. StocktoB, Lodt 4.2Ct»
430P IUfwtrd. Sues. Irr'.Efton. San) '3 60*
Jote. Llvennore } 111.60a.
SCCPThn Owl, Limited— \ewm»n. Lot *¦
Banon. Mendo<«. Tretno. Talara,
... Bakente'.d. LoaAngclet 8 60*
BXOp Pert Co«ia. Tracy. Stockton 12-20»
16-ZCp Harvard. Xllea amt 9an Jote 720a
6 CCp llayward. Sllesaod San .Iom 9 SOa
•¦OOp Eutera Expres*— O?iJi»n. Dearer.
Onab*, St. Lout*. Cblctjco aad
E**t. »f* Port Cotta. Fulton,
Elmlra. Davit, Sacrameato, C'ol-
"ll fax. Keno t.28«>
t.OOp Vallejo. dally, except Sunday.... * t (n*
7 OOP Vallejo. Sondar only .....f 7 50 *
7-OOp Klchmond. gan rabio, Port Costa,
_ Martinet tod Way Station* 1123a
/¦OOP Orefon A California Bxprrts— Sac-
racoento. MarytTine, ReddUif.
Portland. Pu B -et Sound and East. 850*
¦-OSPBeno Pataengtr— Port Cctta, Sal-
tan. Klmlr*. Davlx. Bacramento,
Truekee. Lake Taace. and Way
Stations beyond Sacramento 7-50*
I 9.10P Bayward. N'llst and Baa Jose (3m-
ii tayoBly). 11.60a
COAST LINE (.larro* Uangt).
, (Foot of Market Street.)
7.45a SaatoCrnzEzenxtlomSan day only) 810p
••ISa Vrwark. C«nl«rrIIIe. Baa Joia,
Faltom, BoaldarCreek. Bis Batla.
._ Saata Cms and Way Stationt... 6 53p
tt1S* Alrarado. Newark, Saa Jeae, Loa
Oatos,OlenwcKMl, Felton. Boulder
Creek. Bis; Basin. Santa Cruz... 8 12»
tf.1t> Newark, Centertllie. San Jota,
Vtw Almidtn, L«> Gttot.Fmtcn.
Boslder Crnez, Saata Cruz a&4
Prlnc!r«l Way Station* 13 33a
4-1 Bp Newark. San, Joae, Lo» Qatoa *c4
- • waystattont ... tS.SS*
4-15p Wrlgbt, Fe'.ton. Boalder Creek and
Saata Craz. Saturday and Sunday
. only »8S5a
_ OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SAN VHANC1SCO. Fooiuf Market St. ismjh
; _-tI:» »:«> 11:00 a.m. 100 JOO 6.15 r.k.
»rtta OAKLAND, Foot of Rruartway — t*:vo ti:i»
i t3:03 ltt:0OA.». 12 00 2 00 4-00 p.m.
COAST LINE <BroaJ baaieu
__ tW ( third anJ l.>wn«gnj Sireect.)
K-10A San Jote and Way S tail on t (Tsrit
17 00a San Jose and W»y Stationt 5 <C»
7.15a Monterey and Saot* Cnu Exeor-
tlon (Sunday only) 103C=»
8.00a Hew Almaden (Tnes., Trld.', only). 4-lu p
• -COa The Cositei^-Stop* oniy San Ji.««, ¦
Cllroy (connection for Hoi Ha-
ter). Pajkro. CastroTlIls (con-
nection to and from Monterey
and Pacific GroTe). Ba:!na*. Saa
Ardo, Paao BoMrt. Santa M.»r-
Ctrlia. 8an Lais Obltpo, prlsolpal
•tatloat ibence Sarf (counactlon
for Loisnoe). prtnclpKl ttatloas
thence Santa Barbara.San Ku«n v
Tentars. Monralvo. O>Bu i d, Bur-
bank. Lo* Angele* tors*
I.Na Saa Jote, Trea Plnoa, Capitola,
8antaCr«z,Pae!Qcnrc>Te.Sallnaa.
Saa I.uia Ubltpo and Prlnelp*!
Wty Station* 4.10*
10-JPa Eta Jote and Way Station* 1.20*
11-iCA Sinia Clarv Saa Jote, Lo* Qtto*
•nd Way Stailoat \ 7.30»
1-5Cp£tn Joaeand Way Station! .1 8 36a
tlCOpDel Monte Kxprest— Saota C!*ra.
San Joie, Del Man:*. Uoaterey,
PaclSc OroTe (connect* at Sunt*
Clara, except Sun<lay. for $»:.:»
Craz. Boatder Creek aad Narrow
Giaje Polatt) 12-199
S-IOpPaciac Grove Way Paetenser, Bar-
i'Ojrt&ie. Sao Jote and Way Sta-
tions, eonneeti »? Gtlroy for Hoi-
litter. Tre« I*lno«. st PaJ»ro for
Capltola. Santa Craz *t Cattro-
Tllle for Salinas. 13-45*
4.30P F »a Join and Way Stations tS 00a
15 OOP Santa Clara. *an Jose, Lot tiatoa,
:.|iv Wrlgbt and principal Way S:a-
tions (except Sunday) t9 0C%
15-oOp SaaJoseaad Principal Way Stations t9 4u*
6 4fip Snntet Kxprest.— Uedwood. San
Jote,611roy.SaIlBaa.P*ao Kob'.et,
San Lnls Ot>lsf<^ Santa Barbara,
Lot Angeles, u^.nlnj. El Patat
New Orlean*. New Tork. Con-
nect* at Pajaro for Sant* Cruz
and at Caatroril!* for PaclHo
GroTsand Way Station t 7 1flLa
f€15P E*BMateo,Beresfcr(i.Bulmooi.Sa3
Carlos. Kedwood. Fair Oaks,
McnloP*rk. Palo Alto tS.48*
8 50p San Jot* and Wty Stxions. 6-3Sa
8-OOp P*l* Alto *a<t Way Stationt. ...i.. 1a 15a
11.30P Souta San Francisco. MUlbrae. Bur-
llngaxe, San Belmon^
Sin Carlos, Redwood. Pair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 9-45a>
•11-XOp M»j field. Moantaln View, Saany-
T»:e, Lawreace. Salt* Cl*r* aad
' 8*1 Jote t3 <5*>
? for Moraine- P for A rteraooa.
18ma4*y exee»t«4. tSandayonlr
• Saiard*y only. • Mond*y on!/.
i Scopa at all tUttoat oa Sna^ar.
OTOuiT trains ttoppla* at VateacI* St. tomth!»«, n ,
sreS:W».«.. 7:CP 4.«., 7::3 ». *.. U:3Ua. m, t-.Vr.u^
|:» F. ». *n<l 8:C0 f. ¦- , *
— TOSANRAFAEU
ROSS VALLEY.
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
Via* S&H3jtli£o STarTy*
SUBURBAN SERVICR, STANDARD OAUO3.
Depart from San Francisco, week days, at
8-SO, 7:10. 7:45. 8:."0. 0:13. 1D:CO. 11:W> «. m.
(1 !:"»!> a. in. enly), Vii'JO, 1:45, :'. :1.".,
¦»:0«>. 4:35. 6:15. 5:50, 6:25. ":1.\ 0:Ci> 10:U0,
11 -S3 P m" Sundays and ler»l holidays, depart
at' 7 10. 7:45. S:«0 !»:15. 10:00. ll:00t ll:»(>
a m. 12:20. l:0O. 1:15. 2:."5<>. :::15. 4:0O. 4:33.
5:ir». '5:50, 6:25. 7:15. S:15, 0:00. 10:20. 11:34
p m
'Arrive at San Francisco week days, 6:17,
7-C*» 7::!3 8:15. 8 : 45 ' 0:35. 10:20. 11:05 a. m..
12:05, 1:23. 2:50. 3:3T>. 4:20. 5:05. 5:40. 6:l."..
6:55. 7:55. 10:05, 11:25 p. ra. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains airive at 12:1.%
2:Ou. 8:5O p. in.
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7: 15 a. rn..
3-15 p m., 6:15 p. m. (ex. Sat.). On Sunday*
and leVal holidays at 7:15. »::'.0. 0:15. in : ot>.
ll:C0. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00, l:»S» 2:00. 7:15
and 8:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally — Cazadrro and way sta'lor.a.
9:15 a. m.. Sundays only— For Key«J.
etc.
S:15 p. m. daily except Sunday— For Caza-
dero. etc.
5:15 p. m.. dally except Saturday and Sun-
day — For Point Reyes, etc.
7:15 p. in.. Sundays only — For Point Rryes.
etc. '
R:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Cazadero etc
TICKET OFFICK— «2S Market st.
FERRY- Union Depot, foot of Market aK
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
. LeaTO Tl» feisaliU Ferry Arrive
San Frauclsco V»*l «f Bar «rt St. San Kr*r.ct»fo
Week Snn- t.*yflm siuu- Wwlt"
8:30 a g^^awta 12:45 f *4»*
10:00a 11:00a X&*t*&£tW 3:33 f 3:35 p
1:45 p 12;20 r B - 40 p 6 :' s »
6:15 ri l:4ar \2r.J/ r 615 p 10:0ft 1
» 4-.35P 8-.501"
» Hi Cnmty Car. • TaawlptU t» Hill f»l'»y»
Ticket 1623 Markit s?t. (North bbore Railroad)
Orrtccs Uad jjacsalito Fkrry. Foot Mj:rh:t3t.-
1 THE LAST OF THE EBC.
i By Ihnry E. Ron land.
| A page of fiction thnt h* trn\j
I fascinating In its unique
I conception ami stiikhis
I situations.
1 NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
*"£«£* W. Malhew*. 30, Fort Bragg, »nd
-S fSus a fs ssgasg
South San FrancUoo. and Tessie Rell!... 19. 11
""Nave. 24. S1I Uu«ia avenue, and
7 fc&TH «" Howard .treet,
r^A \\ -mri'm J Kidcr*C'.\ 29, 1 030 Howard.
Prl'k l: C S Octtvla .tr**t.
s-nd Kathleen A. Webb. -'II. CIS Octaxiajtreet.
'csVrh J. L!!>crman. 25. 151 Rues etreet. and
'nka Mf jcr. iTi. 1272 E'.ll» street.
V.'innrld S. Rundr. 27. Berkeley, and Frances
A Norton SC 343s Jackson street.
Emiglio' Arata. 31. Oakdaie, and Teresa,
'-mbuceti. 22, T<22 Union etreet.
KaVUfte Dunury. *>. 1G34 Pacific avenue,
tnd Marie Kor.tanel. 30. 1574 Jackson street.
JBis^EARRIAGES-DEAm
Dlrth. marriage and death notices eent by
n a'l ni!l iiot be inserted. They must be handed
•i *t either of the publication offices ar.d be
:!«Jr>r»e<1 »' th th^ r.am» and residence of per-
sons authorized to Lev* the same published.
Noticta restricted fimply to the announcement
of th-» ew.t are r-ib'-ished «»ce In this column
fr»e cf charge. ]_^_
BORN.
STARKE— In this city, June 12. l»0*. to th«
«t;e ef Wolfletnar Stark*, a sen.
SIARRIED.
DE PUE— CAMPE— In this city. Jua* 15. 190*.
by the Rev. O. A. Bernthal. Oroavenor H.
(!e Pue «nd Clara Campe. both of this city.
OILL1G— BARTHOLD — In this city, Jun» 15,
1904. by the Rev. J. H. Schroed«r. Leo J.
U'.llig and Alma M. Bartfcold.
HANELL— WHITE— In San Rafael, June 15,
15*04. by the Rev. Dr. B. Nelander, pastor
cf the First English Lutheran Church cf this
rtty. WUltaai Hanell ar.d Lucy White, both
ft this city.
JOHNSON — GUNNBAR— In this city. June 16.
lStf»4. bj- the Rev. Dr. E". Nelander. pastor
of the First English Lutheran Church. Peter
i;. Johnson and Jennie Gurvnear, both of this
city.
McNALLT— RIVERS— In this city. Jure 15.
V.KX. by the Rev. Herman Gehrcke. Robert
'•. Mc.Nally and Lulu Rivers, berth of Meno
P*rk. CaJ. «•
KKIMERS— FTDERSPIEL— In this city. June
IS I!**, by the Rev. Jay William Hudscn.
John C R«imer» end Anna Federspiel, both
of this cfty.
E'lHER— STOI.Z— In this city. June 15, 1904,
by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander. pastor of the
r:-»r English Lutheran Church. Augustus
A. Sober anl Gustle,6tolz. both cf this city.
DIED.
Alexander. Angela Heineman. Recha
Aspden, George H. HIU, Godfrey S.
Uauni, Anna S. Hummell. Mary E.
!¦• ". David Jonea. Sarah
Beirne, Barbara Kean», Daniel
Hursart. William R. Lorenzo, R.
nr*en, Ilanna Martin. Ellen C.
Buuert'-y. Edward McTaggart. Gladys
• 'lark. Martha M. Ogilvle. Frank M.
• .'reedc. Frank P. O'Brien. John D.
l>enly, Mar}' A. Peiser, Jacob
KIllou. Luther B. Phadburne. Ada M.
Fltzoimmons, Kll"n Sullivan. Eugene D.
Gazelle, Mtttle S. Tiemann. Herman F.
«Iibn*-y. Ellen Tobln. Alice
Glennan, Margaret Tuttle, EmmkU.
ALEXANDER— In this city, June IV 1904,
Angela A., beloved daughter of James J. and
the :*¦¦» Mary Alexander, a native cf San
Frani-jfico, aged 2 months and 20 days.
CSTFrktid* and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral cervices
Friday, June 17, at 1 :30 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of her father, 40-19 Twenty-i<xth
utreet. between Fanrhez and Noe. Interment
Holy Crc«s Cemetery.
AFPDEN— In this city, June 16. 1904, G*orge
II. Air><l«u. beloved eoa of Joseph Aspden,
trnd brother cf Robert Aspden. a native of
Kr.gland. aged 31 years and 2 months.
C7KrifndB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Hatur<Ja>). June 1*. at 10:30 o'clock, from
the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1L37 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Int»r-
m«m Mount Olivet Cemetery.
BAIM-Tn this city. June 16. 1904. Anna S..
beloved wife of Otto H. Baum, a native of
|*nsl>uren. Switzerland, aged 43 years 9
nr>nth« and 1» days.
CTFrlend* ard acquaintances are respeet-
ully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
i:ne 19, at 9 o'clock, from the narlora of
he United Undertakers. S»>6 Mlrslon street.
*-tween Fourth and Fifth, where services
i-Ul b* held. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
er»'.
LL— In this city. June 16. 1904. David Bell.
T \tlve of Sotlsnil. aged 2j years.
tJ'Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767
MlPBicn «tr*et. between Third and Fourth.
BEIRNE— In this city, June 14. 1904, Bar-
bara, dearly beloved wife of the late Bar-
Itholomew Beirne. mother of James P. Beirne,
and tls'er of Mr». Mary Joyce, a native of
«'a*chel. County Oalway/ Ireland, aged 57
year* and U months.
CT Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
'Friday), at S:30 o'clock, from tbe parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mie-
sion street, between Se%-enth and Eighth,
th»nee to St. Patrick'" Church. wh«r« a re-
quiem high mas* m-ill be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BREEN— In this city, June 15. 1904. Hanna
Breen. beloved wife' of John H. Br*en. a
native of Oregon, aged 33 y^ars 10 months
and 15 day«. (Grants Pass, Ore., papers
please copy.)
ETFrlenda and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McOinn & Co., 214 Eddy
street, theac* to Third and Townsend
tlrertg. via 11:30 o'clock train. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BURGART— In this city, June 15. 1904, Wil-
liam R.. beloved son of Gu*tavc and Wine-
fred Burrart, a native of New York, aijed
lo months and 11 dayc.
BITTTERLEY— In this city, June 15 1304
I Edward Butterley. beloved father of Andrew
Hutterley, a native of Dublin Ireland aged
tS yean. (New Tork papers please oepy )
1,7 Friend* and acquaintances and mem-
ber*, of the Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's
Union are respectfully invited to attend the
funeral to-day CFriday). at 10:00 o'clock
from the parlors of McFadden. McBrearty &
Green. 1171 Mission etreet. between Seventh
end Eighth. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
GIBNEY— In this city, June 15. 1904 Ellen,
bfioved daughter of Margaret and the late
Francis Glbney. and loving sister of Charles
«lbne>. Mrs. E. Dunne of Stockton and Mrs
M. A. Tuttlch. and niece ef Right Rev
Hirhop libney and the Rev. Father Gibney
V. a., of Australia. ¦ native of Ireland
ET Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
¦ Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late reei-
dtrire, 6T>3 Tolsom street, thence to St P»t-
rtek-a Church, where & requiem high' man
wil Ibe celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 10 o'clock. Interment private. Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CLARK— In Oakland. June 16, 1904 at 166914
•;ighth *tre*t. Martha M. Clark, beloved
mot»H-r of Mre. <ieorge Godfrey. Mrs Marv
i Ou ?'» " 4 Shirley B. Clark, a native of
Nfw Tork. aged fl years and 2 months
CKEEDE— In this city. June 15. 130* Frank
P.. beloved hurband of MamlT Frances
Creede, and fatter of Emmett F Creede In',*
brother of Percy J. and Wll.M.m P Creede
and Mrs. William J. Hughes and Mrs J j I
Hurley, and the late Mre. R. Malene \Z/i I
Mr.. M. Hojran. a native of County Lime r
irk. IreUnd. A member or Court 5™^
Iightt,, Foresters of America. „" vrlt?
iance No. 14. St. Patrick'.' Alliance of
terica.
rXFrienfii en3 acquaintances mre resiv— »-
ly invited to attend the funeral 'to-day
->day>. at 9 o'clock, from his late reni
u:e. 8120 Fillmore etreet. corner of Greetil
i. thence to St. Vincent de Paul's Church
ner of Kleiner and Qj-een streets where
tf/.emn requiem high rr.asa will be cele-
ted l?^** 1 * r**? 3Ee of hl * • oaI - commenc-
at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy CroL
lseterj'. #
rr.lty AHianr- No. 14. St. Patrick's A1H-
o of A m»ric«— Funeral detail will ara'm-
«t 2120 Killmore street at 8:30 a m to
ci<< the funeral of our late brother f' P
cde. Per oriler
¦ « MCDONNELL, Pretident.
. P. HUNT, becrttary.
WENIS— In this city, June 15. 1904 Marv a
i vt.ii.. mother of Mri. William J Phelan'
end grandmother of Irene and Lottie f'hHan'
a native of Ireland. (HaverhlU and Webiter'
Mass.. papers please copy.) '
CTFrlenda and a?q>uiimances are resnect
fully invited t-> attend the funeral to-day
(Frtday). Jane 17. at (f.ZO o'clock, from th»
parlor* of Carcw & Knglish, 23 Van Nesa
avc-nuc, thence V, SC Joseph's Church.
where m requiem high mar.s will be cele-
HENRY J.'CALLACHER CO.
itucr»i!",r» to Flannagan & Gallacfaer
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr
FUNERAL DIKECTOItS AND EMBALMERS
20 Filth rt.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
. Funeral Directors and Kmbalmers ¦ —
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple,
NOW at $66 MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Betweea Fourtb and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Flnf.it Equiptr.enti at Moderate rates.
Jaoses McGIrn' Hear}- Uaasea.
JAMES MeGINN A. CO.,
Tormerlr . With McGlna Bros..
Funeiai Directors and Embalmers—
i:i« Eddy st.; Tel. South 876.
t brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at S» o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Ometerj-. ¦
ELLIOTT— In this city. June 16. 1904. Luther
B.. beloved husband of Anna Elliott, a na-
ti\e of Illinois, aged 32 years 4 months and
14 days.
TITZSIMMONS— In this city. June 15, 1301.
Ellen, beloved daughter of the late James
Fitisimmonr. a native of County Cavan.
Ireland, aged 75 years.
C7Friendg and acquaintances ar* respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday) at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 7C7 Mission street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her eoul at 0 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GAZELLE— In this city. June 16, 1904, llittfe
Smith Gazelle, beloved wife of Charles
Guzelle. a notl\e of Texae. aged 28 years A
months and 21 Cays.
' GIB2CI2Y— In this city. June 15, 1904. E;T«2.
beloved daughter cf Margaret and the. lata
Francis Gibney. and loving sister of Charlts
Glbnej-, Mrs. A. Dunne of Stockton and Mr«
A. Suttich, a native of Ireland.
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock. Trom her late
recidene*. 653 Folsom street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, at 10 o'clock. Interment private,
Holy Cro^s Cemetery.
CWXXAX- In this city, June 14, 1904.
Margaret J.. dearly beloved wife of Martin
t.Itnnsn. and loving mother of Matthew J..
John M . Xellle M.. William E.. David J.
and Marcsret C. <Jlen:ian. a native of New
Uochelle, N. Y., aged 59 years 9 months and
6 days. <N>w York papers please copyD
C7"FrIend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to att-nd the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8 o'clock, from her lat* resi-
dence, 1S40 Polk street. thcnc« to St.
Brlgid's Church, where a solemn requiem
high maw will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9:20 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cress Cemetery-
HEINEMAN— In this city, June 16. 1904,
Recha. relict of H. S. Helneman. and be-
loved mother of Jacob. Joseph H., Leon and
Bertha Helneman, a native of Barchfeld,
Prussia, aged 77 years 3 months and S days.
HILL— In this city. June 16, 1904, Godfrey
S. Hill, beloved father of Mrs. Graham Men-
*les Mr*. R. M. Blair. Mrs. Stewart Men-
ries' and James W. Hill, a native of Glas-
gow. Scotland, aged C5 year*.
CyNotlc* of funeral hereafter. Remains
at undertaking parlor of James Hagan &.
Co., 49-51 Duboce avenue (Thirteenth street),
near Va'encia.
HI.'MMELL— In this city, June 13. 1904. Mary
Kdward Uumrn»U, beloved mother of Mrs.-
Gccrge A. Miller, Mrs. L. F. Roser, Mrs.
Cliarles Shaw. Mrs. W. D. \\>!lir.«n. MrB.
Ed G<«hrlng. Mrs. Frank Rich and Richard M.
Hummell, and «l»ter of Moranto Langham.
Narvltses Perish and Richard Stockton, a
native of Kentucky, aged CS years 11 months
and 24 dayF.
JONES— In Oakland, Jure 10. 1904. Parah,
wife of W. S. Jones, and mother of A. H..
W. B. and Annie A. Jones, a native of
Wale*, aged Cl years.
KEANE— In the City and County Hospital.
June 16. 1904. Daniel Keane, a natl\-e of Eng-
land, aqf d 58 yeara.
LORENZO— In this city. June 16, 1904. R.
Lorenzo, a native of Switzerland, aeed t>8
years.
MARTIN— In this city. June 15. 1904. Ellen C.
relict of William Martin, and mother of Al-
tbert H. Martin and Mrs. C. P. Lincoln, a
native of Ohio.
CTFri^nds are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Friday), at 10
o'clock, from tbe residence of her daughter,
Mrs. C. P. LLncoln, 251 Scott etreet. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
McTAGGART— In this city, June 16. 1904.
Gladys M., beloved daughter of J. Owen and
Annie McTaggart, a native of Philadelphia.
Pa., aged 6 years S months and 13 days.
O'BRIEN— In this city. June 13. 1904, John
P.. beloved infant son of John and Helen
O'Brien, a natlre of San Francisco, aged 1
year 2 months and 12 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 3404 Twenty-fourth street, near
Valencia. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
OGILVIE— In Napa, June 14, 1904, Frank M.
Ogilvle. beloved brother of Mr». G. Steele,
Mrs. M. J. Jchnston, Mrs. Henry Sierlng
and William Ogilvle. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 46 years.
C7"Friend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), June 17. at 10 o'clock, from the
parlor* of H. F. Suhr * Co.. 11.17 Mission''
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
PEISER— In this city, June 15. 1904. Jacob
1'elser. a native of Germany, aged 65 years.
C7"Frlen«l9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Temple,
corner Post and Montgomery streets, under
the auppices of Mount Morlah Lodge No. 44,
F. and A. M. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, by train leaving Third and Townsend
streets at 3:30 o'clock.
SHADBURNE— In thi» city, June 15, 1904.
at her residence. 819 California itreet (of
nervous prostration), Ada Maher Shadburne
(nee Grivot). wife of George D. Shadbume.
and mother of Mrs. N. W. Mulr (nee Shad-
burne) of Bardstown. Ky.. George D. Shad-
hurne Jr.. Ada Mary Shadburne (deceased).
I.*onard A. Shadburne. Gertrude Julia Shad-
burne (deceased). Wade Hampton Shadbume
ard W. R. A. Shadburne, and sister of Cap-
tain Addon Grivot of New Orleana. La.
iBardstown. Ky., and New Orleans papers
pleagp copy.)
CFuneral will take place from St. Mary'«
'PaulUt) Church, corner of California and
Dupont- streets, where a requiem high mass
will be raid for the repose of her soul at 9
o'clock Friday. June 17. Interment Holy
Crof* Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city. Jun* 15. 1904.
Eugene D.. beloved and only eon of Mary A.
and the late J. D. Sullivan, and brother of
Nettlo and Katharine Sullivan, a native of
San Francisco, aged IS years.
C^"Th« funeral will take place to-day
'Friday), at 9 o'cock. from his late resrl-
dem-e. 1S44 Pace street, thence to St. Igna-
tius Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be^elebraUd for the reno*e of
his soul, commencing at 10 o'cloclf. Inter-
ment private. /
TIEMANN— In this city. June 15. 1904, Her-
man F. Tiemann. beloved husband of Anna
Tiemann. and father of Herman F. Jr. and
Edna. M. Ttemann. a native of Hanover,
Germany, aged 41 year* 2 months and 23
flays. A member of Eureka Lodge No. 24-1,
F. and A. M.. of New York City; Nord-
deutscher Verein and Beer Bottlers' Union of
the Pacific Coart.
CyRemalns at the parlors of H. F. Euhr
& Co.. Il.'t7 MiRKlon Etreet. between Seventh
and Eighth. Notice of funeral hereafter.
TOBIN— In this city. Alice, dearly beloved
wife of Michael Tobln, and mother of Thomas
J.. William F. and Michael A. Tobln. a
native of County Tipperary, Ireland, aged
48 years.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J.-C. O'Connor A Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
— - repose of her eoul, at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
TUTTLE— At her residence. 2918 Pacific
avenue, at 1 p. m. Thursday. June 16. 19O4,
Emma M. Tuttle. wife of Captain Francis
Tuttle. United State Revenue Cutter
Service.
ETFuncral services at the residence at 2
o'clock Saturday, Jun* 18.Wholesale rates from slaughterers t» dealers
are as follows: • " ",, .
The recent low prices for Veal have caused
shippers to reduce thetr consignments to this
market, which has Improved slightly In conse
quence, but butchers eay that this Improve
ment In prices will be i apt . to again Increase
the receipts. Otherwise. there Is nothing new
In th« market - <-- •- » .» - -
DRESSED MEATS. s
Meat Market.
EV." LOUIS, June 10. — Wool steady; territory
and Western mediums, Ji3@21c; fine, medium.
Iti<gl7c* flne;Vl5®nc. > ' *
St. Louis Wool Market.
THTJRSDA Y. June 16—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS." ' /
' • ¦ Bld.A^kt • . BId.A-ik
4s ar coup..l6«Vil074!4s qr cp new.l.12m33%
4s qr reg.T..l«? ICfiHlis qr couo. —
- MISCKLLANEO1-S JJONDS. ......
Ala A W Cs.lOV — JOT Co «s...lt»U —
Bay CFG 5s.J01Ht02 \ ¦ Do <¦
Cal CO5>.-.- L 1 **? 011 * 58 ;- ~ X S
C O & E 5 ; OceaJilc. 3 5s.— 73
ro &. ct 5s! S4% *-- torn Cable 6s. — > 138
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Markets.
NEW YORK, June IS.— The dry goods'mar
ket ha» remained Inactive and buyers «0 far
have failed to respond- to the. cuts in cotton
goods. Sellers are confident, however, that
after careful consideration of the situation
buyers will enter the market to tome -extent.
No further prices • have been announced.
New York Dry Goods.
NEW TORK, June 16.— Cotton futures closed
barely gteady: June, ll.lSc: July. 11.28c- Au
gust. 10.86c; September, 9.90c; October 9 67c
November. 9.53c; December, 0.5Sc; January'
9.e4c. Bpot cotton closed dull, 10 points
Jower; middling uplands, 12c; do, rulf 12 "5c
gales. 20 bales. . , " ' . •
Nezv York Cotton Market.
WASHINGTON. June 16.— To-day'a «tat»_
ment of the treasury balance in the eener»i
fund exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold re«™e
In the division of redemption, ehows- Mrve
$87'l59 1 |i6 e CaSh balance ' » 165 -«53.453; gol*.
Condition of the Treasury.
New Potatoes continued firm under a steady
d«rrand for export and local consumption and
prices of white, had a further advance. The
receipts were more liberal than on the preced
ing day, but the market cleaned up well, very
little stock being left in first hands at the
close. Onions were plentiful and prices were
without quotable variance.
Vegetables ' arrived freely and prices of Sev
eral kinds were lowerV Peas and Asparagus
were scarce and firm, surplus stocks of tho
former being taken by the canners at 4H^Sc
per pound. Common field Peas are no longer
worth quoting, as there are very few coming
in and they are poor. Tomatoes continued to
declino under continued heavy receipts and
String Beans were generally of poor quality
and lower. Lima Beans appeared from tho
south and sold at- 15c per found. '. —
POTATOES — New White, $1 60@2 10 per ctl;
Early Rose. .$1 50@l 75 per- ctl: old Oregon
Burbanks. $101 33 per ctl; old river Burbanks.
00ce$l per ctl.
ONIONS — Australian Yellow. $4 25@4 CO per
ctl; new Red. 7S@85c per sack; new Silver
skins. $1 25©1 B0 per cU.
VEGETABLES— Green} Corn. II 25@2 per
sack; Asparagus, 4>,.j<S76J per lb; Rhubarb, C5®
75c per box; Garden Peas, 4c per lb; String and
Wax Beans, 2@5c per lb: Tomatoes. 5OgOOc per
box or crate for Los Angeles, 75c®fl for Mexi
can and *1@1 15 for Mississippi; Summer
Sauash, 75£90c per *>°x for southern and $1 50
Sil 75 for bay; Cabbage, | $1 ;per ctl; (Carrots,
fl 25 per eack; Cucumbers, 85c® Jl per box for
Maryivltle and $2 2562 50 for bay;, Garlic, 4@
5c per lb: Egg Plant. 5®10c per lb; Dried Pep
pets, SSlOc for' sun-dried and"'. 12%@13c per
lb for evaporated: Dried Okra, 12Vi® 15c per lb;
Green * Peppers -from Los Angetes, 5@8c per
lb; from Sacramento. 10@12He:^ Marrowfat
Squash. Jobbing, at . l%$2c per lb.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Scraps From J Vail Street.
The private wires of Slitc-b*!l. Mulcaiy &
Co. frcm Wall tireet yevteraay *ai<J tint prod
dividend stocks »ere being gradually pick.vl
up anJ tl.ct o per cert and even lesser fiivj
dpr.dk canao: rut 1-e attractive to i<J!e money.
The market for ctar.'iard tends continue* good.
T»;p rroposea Southern Pacific preferred *.t.->ck
!*«ue has River, the market a little sho. k. but
a market which bes withstood the Oriental
war. rnonnouj goid shipments ar.d early un
favorable crop r^otpec'* trouli canlJy be af
fectrd by thi» comparatively local item.
London »a* nervous and a heavy k\)*t of
Saauara ParlSc ani Union Pacific. Russian
and Japanese bor.Cs were both M down.
Dritd Fruit in Xezv York.
Late mail *i\icta from New York »ay: "Ac
.-ordlng to telegram* frcm the Co*st there is
no tftepositicB among «hipp*™ to urge sales of
new crop peaches for August-September ship
ment at the opening rrlfe?. since the crop
:» turning out much shorter than expected.
Ei me holders have raisej their quotations.
Eo far as can b* !earn~d no enjera for future
i.:* goir.g out from this market. Spot stocks
of reaches are pretty clopely cleaned up.
then being harily enough left upon which to
tsst- quotation*. There is »jmt talk of future
tlTicnts. but it does not appear to have crys
tallized into buflnesf. Some brokers report
*».(-• of VJV4 far.ta Clara prunes to country
ljLs:.eTF en the basis cf 2^c t. o. b.. tut at the
tame time t .ffTingf »re tnade on a 2Hr ba*:s
without bringins business from local Jobbers.
The latter who *rlvt ary attention to future
¦imt»1l>« «ppear to think that n "r baFis is
hiph enemgh on new crop, but bids of that
figure submitted to she coast have been turned
Q>wn. Neither ppot nor future -«?alifornia rai
sins are receiving attention. There is some
d^'jt-t felt. lh*t Uils year's crc.p will be con
trolled by an asp-x'iaticn. In which evfnt it Is
believe^ that very low prices will prevail. Cur
rants are very firm and «? a remit cf the re
«-nt developme-nts considerable speculative In
quiry raf neted yertertlajr. Buyers' views were
¦<• thade those- of holders, and. as the lat
ter would tmrmake tne concession no business
re«:'te<3. '•- -
•"Prnate advices from Callfrrnia state that
the niarket for new ;¦¦ h ¦•-.•-* for Aujfust-Sep
;• n-.bt-r delivery H firmer cwjpg to the *hort
crop. Mr. Join GiTliam received a wire ye»
tffdiy frcm the Ernst LuehniES Co. of San
Jose instructing him to take no further orders
for their jteache* except at »n advance cf a, j
half cr.t on all grade* and varieties."
Oregon Crop Bulletin.
The report of EdwartJ A. Brals, section di
rector. United State* Weather Bureau, for the
• *r*;gan Crop Bulletin for the week ended June
1». la as follows:
Th# week has been dry and too cool for rapid
pr win. Except in the coart counties and a
fp»- localities in the Willamette Valley, rain
if- badly reeded for late crops. Fall wheat and
tir>y are heading nicely and premise good
yields. E*rly sown wheat, barley and oats are j
tu doing fairly well, but late grain of all
IdaSi ic making slow growth, and without
i:rceiy raise will g:ve uuu^ually light returns.
The eights have been too cool for corn. ; Frosts j
ocevrred on reveral morning*, but they did no
rarm except ea^t of the Cascade?, where it is
reported that tender vtgeutbles were ki'.Itl in
« feu- expose! localitifcs.
Having ic w«-;i started and the first crop of
*U»:f.a )ji« geCTally been secured, with yiells
• -. • ir.t average; bat meadow hay Is not so
1 ¦it"'*' 1 '!' and « pbort crop Is indicated nearly
< 1 «r)Trhere In the Willamette Valley and
s .uthrrn 'jrepca. Pasturage continues good on j
::'. ranges. Stock is in fine -condition, and the
Dew of. milk in the dairy districts Is excel
i'Bt.
Hor*. potatoes, field onions, sugar beets and )
garden* are growing elowly. and. although in |
i.rti o" rain, have not yet suffered seriously j
for lack of moisture.
PtrawbtrrJeF and cherries are ripe and of |
neediest <^ua:u>. Apples are doing well, but i
!*•*». prune* and p»-»xhes are uneven. In some j
toCKBtita beir.g good and In others almost &
fi*;:urr.
Weather Report.
'120th Meridian— Pacinc Time.)
The CoOowtBg; max!nicin «na mlnircuni tem
j-ratures ure repcrtfed iur the preceding dajr
from Ca«tem cities:
B-jfton 72-5SWa5hington 78-64
New ¦ - -p. r.» «0-T».Sl. Louie e'>^l4
'¦tneicnati 9<l-<>t'NeTr York ......72-<5>
I1:i:adelphi» 7&-€2 Jacksoni-in« .78-«S
_ THS COAST RECORD.
1 lilt % tl I
STATION* 2 ?=<= '? 5® £
j j 5 : j f
»**••¦ »¦*> 76 64 >rw Clear Too
C*r«oa £3.80 80 4$ W Cleir 00
J?-"^** 30.10 r,S &> N Clear. .uO
Freaso 29.S* ut C4 W Clear 00 i
*= E-Farsiloa.30.C3 M M UVT Cloudy* 00
Fi«KtAfr ....S>.»0 74 48 K Cloudy !lO
Ptocatello 28.74 KS C8 BE Cltar 00
Uos Anreles.. 23.94 « r.2 w clMr *g
¦Jt Tac-.»:pa:s.8».C2 «7 tl NW Clear ' "oo
Ncrth He«J..3f».4« SS 52 S Clcudy *00
I'hoenix 23.7<J lit* 7S KW Pt Clay T
r&int Reyes.. 23. Ofl .'w 44 NW Pt'cdv lift '
Portland 29. US 72 C2 NW Cltiudy 'f«
Bed C'.uST 2».W! fS C4 t'E Cl*»- *co
Roscbara: 20. B8 W» 44 NW Closir rio
Pacramcnto ..23.^0 78 T2 S Clear -00
Rait Lake 23. SO «S C2 FE Pt'rnay 'on
Fan FrwieiE -o^M.02 W M T? riea- no
P.. L Ob:*po..29.9S 72 50 T7 Clear 'oo
Fan Piego 2».!W 72 S* KW CXtxr 'an
P*«ttle 30.02 70 K0 3, Pt.Cldy "(V)
Spokane 23. ** HO TA SW Pt.Cldy oo
Tttooeh X0.O2 M U* S <Tlou<ly 'i
Tralla.-29.RS M «2 f?W Clear 'oo
Winnemucc* .23.78 ft r.rt FW Clear ]oo
Yvrr.* 23.74 104 72 W Clear '.(*)
WEATHER OOSDtTIOSI AND GEN-EHAL
FORECAST.
Cloudy weather prevail* ov*r Western
Wo*bington «nd Artion» and ftlr weather
Mi-ewhere on the Pacific Slope. • Light rain fs
r»po^ed from the Puget Sound country and In
Northern Arizona. A thunderstorm, occurred
»: Flagrtaff.
The pressure bst risen «lo»-ly over the Pa
cific Flope.
The teir.r*rature rhanscs have been slight
In all (\'.*iT*.clr. In California, the temperature
!«• nearly normal.
Forecast made at Ean Frsnclseo for thirty
hf.urs. mAlr.K midnight. June 17:
Northern California — Fair Friday: light west
r!n«.
PTUthera California — Fair Friday; light west
princ. " :
Kev»<J« — Fair Frt<!«r.
Ban Frarifitce and vicinity — Fair Friday;
lfffct »<"st wind.
C. H. WILLSON.
Loc*l Forecaster, Te?r.porarl!y In Charge. ¦
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
fter the twenty-fcer boura ending 5 p. ia., i
Activity In the Tooopah stocks continues the.
only feature on the local exchanges. 1 business
otherwise being dull. There Is something doing
In well known bonds on the Stock and Bond
Exchange, but shares are still neglected. Th«
oil stocks continue very quiet. - ' •
California Powder Works has declared th«
usual monthly dividend of SO cents per share,
parable June 20. *
The United Railways Investment Company of
San Franciveo has declared a semi-annual divi
dend of 1% tper cent on the preferred stock,
payable July 1. an increase of >i per cent ov3r
the rate previously paid.
The Northern California Power Company has
declared a monthly dividend of 5 cents per
share. Dayable June 23.
The Honolulu Plantation Company han levied
an assessment' of $5 per share, delinquent
July 2S.
The San Francisco Union Salt Company of
Alameda county has levied an assessment a£
4 cents per share, delinquent July. 11.
The assessment of 10 cents per snare. Just
levied by the Potosi Mining Company, will b«
delinquent In office July 20. >'
The Sierra Queen Gold M'slr.ar Company of
Nevada county has levied an vsseesment of 3
cents per* share, delinquent July 11.
LUhtner Mining Co. of California, which
has been paying monthly dividends of 5c per
share on the 20th. will. It is stated, probably
pass the dividend for June.
California Fruit Canners' Association has de.
ctared a dividend of 60 cents payable on tho
20th,
. Orejron Railroad" and Navigation has declared
a semi-annual dividend of $2 on the' preferred
stock, payable July 1. -
Continued Large Transactions in
the Tonopah Stocks.
Mail advices from New York City cay of
Hops: "The feature was the receipt of cable
advices from England saying that crop pros
pects -were less favorable owing to Increase
of vermin, although washing was reported as
having good effect; prices were reported show
ing advances of equal to %@lc per pound.
Locally there wts a steady market and small
sales were reported made of Pacifies at 25c.
Advices received from the Coast reported sales
of 200 bales Oregons at 24U@24%c. Contracts
were reported being made on the Coast for
1004 hops at prices - ranging from 17%c to
1S%C A limited business was transacted with
brewers, especially In the Western section of
the country." - *
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about %@lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9%c: medium. 8%c; light. 8c; Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and 8c for light; Stags,
6c: Salted 7 Kip. 9«; Salted Veal 10c: Salted
Calf lie: dry Hides. 16c: dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf,' 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 23-&30C each;
short Wool. 40@63c each: medium. 70090c: long
Wool, $101 50; Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large and $292 50 for medium. $1 2.'ffl 73 for
small and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large *nd $1 60 for medium. $IQ1 23
for •.mall and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican 30c; dry Salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. 30©32%c. Goat Skins-
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth. 50c;
medium. 35c; small. 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4UG4%c per lb;
No. 2, 3%C?4c: grease. 2%63c. *
¦WOOL — Spring Clip — Humbolat and Mends
clno, 17819c: San Joaqula • and . Southern. 12
months' 10«12c; do 7 months', Qffllc per lb;
Middle Counties. 13igl7c t for free and 12®15c
for defective: Northern." 16#lSc for free and
14@16c for defective: Nevada. 13616c. accord
ing to condition. , , ,
¦ HOPS — Jobbing at 27%©30c per lb for Cali
fornia. 1903. For crop of 1904-th* nominal
quotation la 20c >
Hides, T allow, Wool and Hops.
Cons for money.. 90% New York Cen lisw
Cons for account. 90 Vi I Norfolk & West 578
Anaconda 3*41 D o pfd. m*
Atchison 73%|Ontario & West" 26
„!><> Pfd 97 Pennsylvania no
Bait & Ohio SI H Hand Mines ""• Vnii
Canadian Paclflc.122%1 Reading . £&
Ches & Ohio 31 « Do 1st Dfi' till
Chi Great West.. 1R»J Do- 2d Iti."" XiU,
C M & St P.. ..145% Southern Ry . 21$
De Beers i«^ Do pfd . '" c«{c
D 'n & E loG ??^ Southern Pacinc" $c«
Do pfd....^.... 71% Union Pacific... sou
Erie 24% Do pfd... niS
Do let pfd 60 ju S Steel a&
do 2d pfd 35%i &>%«::::::::: «#
Illinois Central... 133%| Wabash V-* 1
Louis & Na*h...lll% j- Do pfd!! «u
Mo Kas & Tex.. 16%iSpan!sh Fours"" sta?
Bar silver— Firm, Js%i per ounce. "' *
Money— 1%@2 percent.
The rate cf discount In the open market fm.
ar as to^ 2^r cent ana «?»£%£&
London Closing Stocks.
STOCK MAEKET.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., June 16.— CATTLE—
Receipts, 4000; steady. Native steers, $4 50
© 6 40; native cows and heifers, $2 60 @ 5 40;
skockers and feeders, $3 & 4 50: bulls, $2 75 @
4 25: calves, '$2 50 @ 4 50: Western steers
$4 50 © 0; Western cows, $2 25 @ 5.
HOGS — Receipts, SOOO; market 5 © 10c high
er. Bulk of sales, $4 80 ® 5; heavy, $4 95 @
5 05; - packers, * $4 85 @ : 5; pigs and . lights,
$4 25 O 4 90. • *, .5 ; -
SHEEP— Receipt*, 3000; .steady. Muttons
$4 60 © 5 60; lambs, $5 25 «$ 7: range "
wethers, $4 23 @ 5; ewes, $3 60 @ 4.75.
Kansas City.
OMAHA. Neb., June 16. — CATTLE — Re
ceipt* 2.">00; steady. Native steers, $475 @
R 35; cows and heifers, $3 60 ® 6 25; canners",
$2 & 3 25: stockers and feeders,, $2 50 @ 4 25:
calves. $2 50 @ 5 30; bulls and stags, $2 73
© 4 50.
HOGS — Receipts. 13,000; market 5c lower.
Heavy, $4 00 &. 3; mixed $4 83 @ 4 90; light.
$4 70 e - 4 80; pige, $1 00 @ 4 60; bulk of
sales, $4 82% @ 4 90.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1000; steady. Western
yearlings, . $4 CO .© f> 60; wethers, $4 50 @
5 40; ewes,' .«* 40 ff 5 20; common and stockers
$3 © 5 10; lambs $5 75 ® 8.
Omaha.
HOGS— Receipts: To-day, 23,000: to-mor
row, 15 000; strong to tic higher. Mixed and
butchers', $4 85 @ 6 10; good to choice heavy,
$4 95 & 5 13; -rough heavy, $4 75 @ 4 93;
light $4 S3 Sf 5. 05; bulk of salee. $4 90 @ 5 00.
6HEEP— Receipts. 5000: steady; lamba
steady. Good to choice wethers. $4 73 @ 5 23;
fair to choice mixed. " $3 75 @ 5 00: native
lambs, $5 0 6 50; Western lambs, $5 75 @
fl C3; spring lambs, ?5 @ 7 45.
CHICAGO. June 16.— CATTLE— Receipts.
6000; pteady. GootT to prime, steers. $5 75 @
fl 70; poor to medlum.$4 75 @-5 63: stockers
and feeders. $3 0 4 75; . cows, $1 75 Q) 4 60;
heiferu. $2 50 @ 5 25; canners', ?1 75 ®-2 75;
bulls $2 50 «? 4 75; calves. $5 s§> 5 23; Texas
fed steers, $5 @ 5 60; distillery steers, $6 @
6 30: . . . »
Chicago.
Bayo Bans are quoted firmer and In good
demand and Pinks also show continued firm
ness. Limas are slightly higher ' and very
strong. Large and small Whites are easy. Tho
other descriptions are as before stated.
BEANS— Bayos,' $2 4&ff2fc3; Pea, $2 00®3:
Butters, $3; small White. $2 S3@3 10; large
White. $2 35#2 60; Pink. . $3 40(g3 50; Red,
$4 25«l 50: Ltma. $3 30#3 40; Red Kidneys.
$4 75®5: Blackeye. $2©2 10 per ctl; Horse
Beans, $2©2 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 25<©4 50; Yellow
Mustard. $2 50<g3; . Flax. $1 75#2: /-"Canary.
5%@5%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 14%©16c; Rape.
2®2%c: Timothy. 6Q6%c; Hemp, 3%®4c per
lb; Millet. 3<£3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20Q2l
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $3 per ctl; Niles.
$3 25; Green Peas. $3-g3 29. S
Beans and Seeds.
CATTL.E. SHEEP AND HOGS.
CHICAGO, June 18. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady;
creamery. 13%c; dairy. ll%«16c. Eggs, easy
at mark, cases included, 14@14%c. Cheese,
weak, 7Vi@8c. ."
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
LARD — Tierces ' quoted at 6%c per lb- for
compound and S%c for pure: half-barrels, pure,
8^c; 10-lb Una. 9&c; 5-Ib tins. 9%c; 3-lb tins.
9%c.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 8%c; three
half barrels. .si»c: one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
8c j five tierces. 7%c per lb.
Chicago -was firm owing to free buying for
the account of Laldley & Co., who went Into
the hands of a receiver. The San Francisco
market remains as before. There is continued
talk of putting up Bacon and Lard to ad-
Just the quotations to the Chicago level, but
no advance has yet taken place. -
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9%c per lb for
heavy, 10c for light medium. I2c for light,
13 %c for extra light .and 15<@16c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams 13c; Cali
fornia Hams 12@l2i4c; .Mess Beef. $10^
10 50 per bbl; extra Mess.' $ll$ll 50; Family,
$12312 50; prime Mess Pork. $14; extra clear.
$22: Mess, $17 60; Dry Salted Pork. 9»ic; Pig
Pork. $26; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 14c
per lb.
Provisions.
There Is nothing new to report.- Hay is weak
and quiet and receipts are running light at the
mcmer.t. There Is not much new Hay coming
In. Fcedstuffs rule very steady at previous
quotations.
BRAN — $22$?23 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — *24g29 per ton.
SHORTS — $22@23 per ton
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $22 5OS23
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $29 50*231;
Jobbing. $32: Cocoanut Cake, $22@23; Corn
Meal, $32@33; Cracked Corn. $32 50@33 50;
Mixed Feed. $22623; Horse Beans, $30040 per
ton: Broom Corn Feed, 90c per ctl,-
HAY— Wheat. $10^14 CO; Wheat and Oat.
$11®12 50; Oat. $9@12; Wild Oat, *7<310; Bar
ley and Oat. $7@11; Stock. S7«S; Alfalfa. $7®
10 per ton; new Volunteer Wild Oat. $7@S per
ton. New Wheat, $10@12; new Alfalfa, $7
per ton.
STRAW— 60@8Oc per bale.
Hay and-Feedituffs.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 6.800 72% 71 71%
Auhinon pfd 400 94% f»4 04%
Palt A Ohio 7,800 80% 70% 80%
Bait 4 Ohio pfd... • .... 91
Canadian Paciflc... 1,900 120 119 lllMi
Central of N J 161 '
Cb«>Mi.p & Ohio 31
Chi & Alton za
Chi & Alton pfd .... 78%
Chi & G Western.. 600, 13% .13% 13M
Chi it Northwestn. 100 170 170 169
Chi Mil & St Paul. 5,000 142% 141% 142%
Chi Mil t Et P jrfd „ . rt 177
Chi Term & Trans (j
Chi Term * T pfd ; """" 141/
C C C & St Louis ...¦ J|2
Olo Southern . 100 15% 15% I0&
Colo South 1st pfd. „ .._ 48 *
Cclo South 2d pfd 19
Del & Hudson 600 155%- 155" 154«
D<?1 Lack & West 271
Denver. At R G ,, '.'.'.'. 20
D«rver & R G pfd. . '.i.: .... • 60%
Ertf ! .: 3,200 24 23-54 23?
Erie 1st nfd 200 58% csft 5S«4
Erie 2d p?d 100 35% 35% 34V
Hocking Valley ... .... • :;.. .... or 7 *
Hocktes Val pfd... 100 81 81 81
IillnoU Central ... 5,100 130 \\ I2a% 129«
Irwa Central ...... 300 18-18 /l8 -
lewa Central pfd.. 100 23% 33% 3.1%
K C Southern - 20
K C Southern pfd. 300 40% '40 ' 39%
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
NEW YORK, June 16.— Speculative senti
ment continued much unsettled to-day on the
proposed preferred vtock i&sue of the Bouth-
I era Pacific. The feverith tone of Union Pa
cific and Southern Pacific in the early dealings
kept traders out of the general market, and
those two stocks almost monopolized the trad
ing. When they settled down to about last
right's level the rest of the market took on a
bbttcr tone anil was inclined to advance
! Biowly on light transactions. Opinions were
j rreatly nAx,—l over the relative benefits cr
i burdens to Union Pacinc and Southern Paciflc
j preferred etock issue. Union Pacific's double
role of stockholder and creditor of Southern
Pacific is the principal cause of confusion. As
creditor Its advances to the subsidiary com
pany are to be paid oft* by a portion of the
r.ew preferred stock and by the proceeds of
the subscription. As stockholder the claims
of Scuthern Pacific ctock upon earnings ar« to
be supereeded by the 1 per cent rights of the
new- preferred stock. Union Paciflc was
scir.evhat erratic in the early dealings, in
accordance with these uncertainties regarding
bentfits to accrue.' The stook eold T» under • last
'night at one time. There was less contrariety
of opinion on the plans of Southern Pacific
and traders wpre Inclined to sell that stock.
The buying was attributed to supporting
xr.easure3 by insiders and was effective la
checkinr the decline and Inducing some cov
ering in the stock. The value of the subscrip
tion rights on the etock and the advantage of
funding Its floating debt were urged on ths
one hand, while on the other hand it was
arrued that the prior dividend claims of the
preferred stock was excessive at 7 per cent,
leavlnjr Mttle hope for the common to chars
In any distribution of profits. It did not be
come known until late In the day that x priv
ilege of retiring the preferred fciock at 115
from July. 1905, to July, 1310. to rest In
the company. There was an active demand
for Southern Pacific 4s In the bond depart
ment on the ground that the funding of the
floating debt into contingent dividend capital
ifintead of Into fixed interest bearing bonds
added to the security of the bonds. Southern
Pacific "when Issued" sold on the curb at 121
and the rights to subscribe at par at 3Vt to
4%. There was very little activity In the
general market. The tone of the market was
indeterminate throughout and the closing was
heavy and below the best.-
Some of the active speculative bonds made
the market Irregular by their declines, but
the market was generally firm. Total sales
(par value). ?1,770,000,
United States 2s, the old 4s registered and
the new 4s advanced % and the old 4s coupon
V* on the last call.
Nezv York Stock Market.
Articles — ¦ .Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 54.200 23,300
Wheat, bushels 43.000 27,800
Corn bushels -. 305.800 510.100
Oats, bushels 123,300 92,400
Rye. bushels .."• 4.000
Barley, bushels „• 45.000 . 6.5CO
CHICAGO, June 16. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, dull and easy; No. 2 spring
wheat,. 92®95c; No. 3. 83S92c; No. 2 red. $1 01
(81 02- No. 2 corn, 4S»4c; No. 2 yellow. 61@
51V«c; No. 2 oats, 41%S42c; No. 3 white. 41%
?m?ie: good feeding barley. 36@41c; fair to
choice malting, 44@54c: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 01;
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 08: prime timothy
«eed $2 75; mess pork, per bbl., $12 60®12 63;
lard' per 100 lbs., $6 77%©6 80; short ribs
sides tloose). $7©7 25; short clear sides <boxed),
•74*7 23; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 28;
clover, contract grade, $10 75.
Cash Grain and Provisions.
Money I United Fruit 106
Cons for money.. W.. U S Steel n
Time loans 3 <g4 Do pfd. '. '.'. '. '. " " * jut/
Bonds— Wesfhouse co^n" -«
Atchison adj 4s.. 100 Mining— >B
Do 4s... 91 Adventure 1
Mexican Cen 4s.. 60 Allouea " i, x ,
Railroads— Amalgamated' 491*
Atchison 71»4!Amer Zinc . . : " 9!?
Do pfd 91J,4IAtlantic ... c H
Boston & Albany. 240 (Bingham .. 2»»ti
Boston & Maine. 163 Calumet & Itfi'clk' it*
Boston Elev 150 Centennial . ."? i|u
Fltchburg pfd. ...135 Copper Range 4P
Mevican Central. «% Dally West Hi>
NY. NH & H...186 Dominion Coal" •" &P 1
Pere Marquette. . 78 Franklin ... •'•««'
Union Paciflc 87ft Grancy it/.
Miscellaneous — isi* noyale %™
Am Arge Chemi.. 13% Mass Mining of»
Do pfd 73 Michigan til
Am Pneu Tube... 4% Mohawk " 4S8
Am Sugar 120}', Mont Coal &"coke 4*
Do rfd 12ft; (OKI Dominion 121'
Ame Tol and Tel. 129 lOsceola nlon "•• J*^»
Am Woolen 10H|Parrot ..".*; <>V,/
Do pfd 75%lQu!ncy \.. ..'.'. iV
tvimlnion I & S. 7V t 1Shannon\ '.'" f««
Ed Klec I'lum.. 234% Tamarack .... no
General Electric. 161 U S Mining ...'." lflT '
Masa Electric....' IS US Oil...:.: nr2
,,D6 pM 70 Utah I]* 3 "4
Maiw G«« .1fl% Victoria oZ*
United Shoe Mach 49 WInona . '" ,*il
Do pfd 29% Wolverine .'.'"" 71 '"
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $4 60®
4 90 usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 50®4 SO:
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 S5@4 25
per bbl . ¦
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 50 per 100 lbs;
Ry« Flour. $3 60: Rye Meal. $3 23; Rice Flour,
$7: Corn Meal. $3 50: extra cresta do, $4 23;
Oat Groats. $4 60; Hominy. $4g4 25; Buck
wheat Flour. $4 50®4 75; Cracked Wheat. $4;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 75;
Rolled Oats bbls. $7 25S-S 60; In sacks. $(5 759
8 10; Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Greea>Peas, $5 50 per 100 lb».
Flour and Millstuffs.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows per lb. In 100- lb bass:
Cubes A Crushed anil Fine Crushed. 5.03c:
Powdered. 3.80c; Candy Granulated. 5.30c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.70c; Dry Granulated, coarse
6.70c; Fruit J Granulated 5.7Cc; Beet Granu
lated UOO-lb bags only). 5.60c: Confectioners'
A. 5.70c: Magnolia A. 5.30c; Extra C, 5.20c:
Golden C. 3.10c; "D." 5c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-lb
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets^ — Half
barrels, 6.20c; boxes. 6.45c; H. & E. Crystal
Domlnos. 8.70c per lb. No orders taken for
'esj» than se»*nry-flve barrels or lt» equivalent
CANNED FRUIT— The California Fruit
Canners' Association announces the following
opening prices for the 1904 pack:
.•2 f K 1 » a
-• - — » 1 3 S
FRUITS. .«" a" i g- 3*,
sr I ? r
3 •» I : f : .
A PP. :es . n 53 $1 30'$l 2O'*l 10
Apricots t 5O« 1 25| 1 13 1 u5
£• PTf 1 *2 190 165 .... ....
„**>¦ ""ced 1 90! 1 «3i ....
Blackberries 1 6Oi 1 331 1 23 1 15
Ch^rt«*. R- A 2 101 1 80 1 S 1 33
Do. "hlte 2 00(l«5 ISrtitM
Do, bUek iso 1 65! 1 501 1 30
Grapes. Muscat 1 25 1 10) 1 1* 90
Nectarines 1 50 1 25! 1 13! 1 C5
go. L- C 2 001 1 23 1 3<^ 1 35
Do. L C. sliced 2 COj 1 75 1 S> 1 35
Do. W. H.. sliced 1 S3I 1 COf 1 43 1 ]»
Pears, Bartlett 1 90; 1 60! 1 4i> l M
Plums. Green Gage 1 33| 1 lOf I 00 90
$*>• £** I 1 3ii 1 1W 1 001 W
Do, Golden Drop 1 35) 1 10} 1 O01 90
Do. damson 1 401 1 15 1 06! 1 CO
Raspberries 2 KM 2 23 2 0O| 1 9O
Strawberries g 00! 1 75J 1 60t I 4O
As compared with the opening prices of 1903
there Is a general advance, especially la
Peaches and Apricots.
Receipts^ of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. JUNE 19.
Flour, qr ska... 10.5474 Tallow, ctls .... 212
Wheat, ctls 2.67«|Feed. sks ..:... So
Barley, ctls 2, C8O( Screenings, sks.. 2CO
Corn, ctls 33! Pelts. No 8S5
vTotatoes. sks .. 4.235. Hides. N.O- 74*
Onions. 'sks .... 357! Leather, rolls .. 153
Bran, ska .....' KOjUme. bbU .... 4*2
Middlings, sks.. 80 Paper, reama ... 635
Hay. tons ...._ 212| Chicory bb!s ... 15
Wool, bales ... mlWlne. gals ..... 20LT0O
Shorts, ska .... 90f
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks .. 10.4821 Shorts, ska 5.000
Wheat, ctls 2.873)
NEW YORK. June 16. — Close: Money on call
— Eacy. Highest, lh, per cent; lowest 1:
ruling rate, m« last loan. 1; closing bid". 1;
offered, 1 *.« per cent.
Time loans — Dull and easy, with sixty ar.5
ninety day bills at 2% per cent, and six
months at 3 <? 3Ki per cent.
Prime mercantile paper — 3% 9 4'4 per cent.
Sterling exchange — Ea*y. wtfh actual usiness
in bankers' bills at $4.*720 «i 4..S725 for de
mar.d. and at $».»."-2'j g 4.8525 for sixty day
bills.
Posted rates— $4 86 and $4 87.
Commercial bills— $4 S3 ff 4 65%.
Bar silver— 554c
Mexican dollars — *4%c. ¦ y
Bonds — Governments, strong; railroads, ir
rtsular.
New York Money Market. -
EASTERN MARKETS.
12<nh oertJlaa time. San Francisco, June 18,
lsx>4:
*i n * s ¦ si
ll'lLf * I 1
STATIONS, 2 3 3 * o jS | =
c a "" 5* c->
» § Z. 2.2.
• E. -* a* j
Cclam. $i 63 a^r no
I OKkl JS r>0 N Clear .00
HFresru. 04 ,14 w CI»ar .00
I Hanford »4 52 ciear .00
I HuUister 7rt 4s -\v Clear .00
j L'.rermore 70 50 Oear .00
j L..e Angles S2 42 W dear .00
M..-rced ©2 41 Clear .00
Napa 74 51 S Clear .0»
Newcastle 87 53 S <"loar .00
N>wn;an i>3 . 50 .... Clear .00
: Port»rvill« 93 M w Clear .00
Red D!u!T n$ 54 SE Clear .00
Rivernde 9S 4*5 Clear .00
.«acraTr-nta .... 78 52 P near .00
Fsn I'iego 72 5< NW Clear .00
iran FTanoisco f.8 &O W Clear .00
San Jn<e 72 f« .... Clear .00
Fan Luis Oblspo.... 72 W) W Clear .00
Sar.ta Maria 72. 52 .... Clear .00
I f.-.nta Rosa 75 41 Clear .00
Stockton 81 59 Clear .00
j Willows 85 54 S Clear .00
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
I Colusa — Cool weather, much benefit to grain
I an*! fruits.
Hanford — Excellent crop of peaches; grain
doing nicely; grapes looking excellent. 1
Hoiliftcr— AVir.ter apples, light crop; early
apples doing well.
Santa Maria — C<yrt. favorable weather this
week tor all crops: foggy mornings.
N«pa — Grain doing well, fair crop.
Newcastle — Fruit ripening slowly, on account
of cool weather.
Riverside — Crop of small fruits only fair.
Porterville— Quite cloudy.
Stcekton — Canneries 6tartinr apricots to-day;
pcachf* affect«-d with curl leaf in »«ct^ons.
Willows — Barley harvest progressing finely.
Newman — Conditions sain*.
Livermore — Hay not as good quality as last
year.
San Jc«* — Dried apricots estimated 175 cars.
Far.ta Rcsa — No change from last report.
GEORGE H. WILLtfON, Local Forecaster.
CHICAGO. June 16.— Lower cables, liberal
receipts in the Northwest and generally favor
able weather caused an easier tone in wheat
at the start initial quotations on July being
down %c to %c at 84%@S4"ic Shortly after
th« opening a good deal of long wheat for
September delivery was sold for account of a
defunct firm. who*e failure was announced last
night. - As a result the market for that option
was quite weak. As soon as the pressure on
September was removed . sentiment became
much firmer. Foreign crop news was bullish.
The drought in Roumanla was still unrelieved
and a report of the Russian Secretary of Agri
culture claimed that cold weather and drought
had caused serious damage to crops, especially
winter wheat. The news from Russia, how
ever, was practically the only .bullish news
received during the day. The predominance of
advices of a bearish character' soon caused a
reversal of sentiment," resulting In a gradual
decline. Selling developed on a reported In
crease of about 10 per cent In the Canadian
acreage and excellent ! weather conditions In
the Northwest. From S5Uc July steadily re
ceded to S4c. The close was at 84$ic. Sep
tember closed at 78 Sic,' •
Small receipts and estimated arrivals to
morrow were Influences that held corn firm,
notwithstanding the weakness of wheat. The
market closed at about yesterday's final
figures. July opened unchanged to }Jc lower
at 4**i1?49c and closed at 4$3£64S%c.
Smallness of receipts in comparison with
yesterday's estimate *nad a strengthening In
fluence on the oat " market. July opened at
3!)-H.c to 39V(.c, closing at 39%c.
Provisions were active and strong on an
urgent demand from shorts. Small receipts, of
hogs was one of the main factors in the situa
tion. Realizing by packers was a feature of
trading. The market closed well toward the
top, with September pork up 22%c at $12 87%:
September lard was up,. 10c at $7. and ribs
were 10(§12%c higher at $7 45g" 47%.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open, High. Low, Close.
W v h«at No.*i2— " •* •
July. old....... $57* h<m. ' $4% 85
July, new Si%, S5H 84 84H
S«>ptembor,-old.. S2 82% , 81H 81%
September, new. . 80% 80% 79% 79%
Corn No. 2 —
June 49
July 4S 49^4 4S% x 48?i
September 49^ 49% 49 43H
December 32 }» 32% 32% 32ft
Oats No. 2 —
June 41%
July 39% 39% 39% 39%
September 32% 32% 32% 32U
Mess Pork, per bbl. —
July 12 47% 12 65 12 47% 12 65
September .....12 SO 12 90 12 72% 12 6T%
Lard, per 100 lbs. — .
July ....6 80 6 87% 6 80 6 82%
September 6 95 7 05 6 »5 7 00
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs.—
July 7 25 7 35 7 22% 7 27%
September 7 45 7 52% 7 40 7 47%
Future Grain and Provisions.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, 7«49
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7U©"%c. accordm*
to quantity.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. |8: Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $5 50: Beaver
Hill, $5 50; Stanford. $7; Rotlyn. $7- Coc«
Bay $3 50; Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7; Richmond
$7 50; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and $14 23 ia
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14:
tVelBh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 30; Cannel. $8 6O per ton; Coke. $11 .vygi;;
per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $11 43 per 20CO lbs and $12 30
per long ton. according to brand ¦ •
OILS— Quotations are for bairels; for cas»«
add 5c; Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Caster Oil. in cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' A A. $110#L12; Lucol. 45c for boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut. 62Vi«SOc per gal
lon; Cocoanut Oil in barrels. &Sc for Ceylon and
5oc for Australian; extra bleached winter Sp*rm
Oil. «Sc; natural winter Sperm Oil. «3c: extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 57c: natural Whal*
Oil. 62c; extra winter strained Lard Oil, 75c;
No. 1 Lard Oil. «3c; pure Neatsfoot Of. 73c:
No. 1 Nesrfsfoot Oil. «3tr: light Herring Oil.
42c: dark Herring OH. 40c: Salmon Oil 34c?
boiled Ftsh Oil. S7e; raw Fish Oil. 33c; boiled
Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL — Water Whit* Coal OU. to bane,
13%e; Pearl Oil. In cases, 20c; Astral 20b;
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 21c; Elaine, 26c;
Eocene 23c; Deodor!i«?d Stove Gasoline, tn
bulk, 16c; In cases, 22 %c; Benzine. In bulk.
13c; In cases. 19%c; 86-degre« Gasoline, la
bulk. 25c; In cases 31c.
TURPENTINE— 81 e per gallon In <v«es and
75c in drums and* Iron barrels.
BAGS— Grain Bags 5»4ct San Qpentin.
-n'*c' °° l B *" - S2 * 35c; Fle«ce Twine.
General Merchandise.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. CIos*.
December ... 06 96% 05% »5«»
2 p. m. Session.
December — 059gC.
OATS — The Government Manila contract ' Is
still hanging fire, but the award is look'ed for
at any time now. The market shows no change,
being quttt. A sale of new Red at $1 17% was
reported yesterday. . J . _. ..
White. $1 40@l 45: Black. $1 20©l 25: Red.
$1 20fgl 30; Gray, nominal. New crop red
$1 10«n 20 p«r ctl.
CORN — The situation remains as before
quoted, the tone being steady and the demand
fair, with moderate receipts. , - -
Western sacked, $1 50® 1 55 for Yellow,
$1 47%©1 52% for White and $1 45©1 50 for
Mixed; California large Yellow, $1 55; small
round do. $1 65©1 60; White. $1 65 per ctl;
Egyptian. $1 32%G1 42% for White an*$l 25©
1 30 for Brown.
HYE — $1 30®l 32% per cU.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at $1 75fi2 per ctl.
Feed. $1 01 ',461 .03% { Brewing. $1 05@l 10;
Chevalier, $1 02%£l 10 for fair to choice.
CASH BARLET.
. 2 d. m. Session.
December — $1 27%.
BARIJJY — There was continued firmness In
the cash grain on account of coirv'oued light
receipts, and the demand was fair. Futures,
however, were weaker.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...?1 28 $1 2S $1 27ft $1 21%
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
FUTURES.
California Club, $1 27U01 85; California
White Australian. $1 52%®1 57%; Northern
Club, $1 3001 40; Northern Bluestem, $1 60
61 55 per ctl.
CASH WHEAT,
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The foreign maricets showed little
change. The Russian Minister of Agricuture
officially reports serious crop damage by
drought and cold weather and says that the
general crop Is below th« average.
Chicago was lower, with the longs disgusted
and unloading their Wheat.
The Chicago Trade Bulletin nays the aggre
gate supplies of breadstuff's credited to Europe
in all positions on June 1 were 26.340.000
bushels more than reported on June . 1, 11*03.
and 17,S90,000 more than on June 1, 1902.
Some authorities estimate a reduction of 100,
000,000 to 120.000,000 bushels in the Wh«at
crop of Europe. There is little doubt that
Rufslan, Argentine and Australian shipments
will t» sin to diminish soon and It Is consid
ered that then the absence of American sup
plies will be strongly felt. The crop In the
United States will not be much over 600.000,000
bushels, which, with the light carry-over and
the Increased home consumption, will allow
barely 100,000,000 bushels for export.
In this market there was heavy selling of
December by an active operator who was put
ting out a short line, and the sales on the
morning session alone were about 7000 tons.
The sentiment was bearish and the tendency
was downward. The cash Wheat was easy,
but unchanged.
Reports of decreased output of Honey this
year are multiplying and the market Is show-
Ing more tone. The Ventura Democrat says:
"For the llrst time In the history of "Ventura
County the Honey crop this season is an entire
failure, and that characterization applies to
every eounjy south of the TehachapL In fact,
well-informed bee men assect that the whole
of Southern California will not produce for ex
port scarcely a carload of Honey. About all
the bee-raisers in this section are feeding thetr
bee9 to keep them alive, and there is not much
hope of betterment In the situation until tb«
flowers bloom again with another year."
FRUITS — New crop futures — Apricots, "gSc;
Peaches. 5%@5%c p*r lb. Old crop — Apricots,
SgrlOcfor Royals and 9©12c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples 4*4@6c; sun-dried. &fH%c|
Peaches. 7®8c; Figs, white. 2%@3c In boxesl
black, 4\ic; Plums, pitted, 5#7%c per lb.
PRUNES^1903 crop, 2£2?ic for the four
sizes
RAISINS— F. o. b. prices Fresno for 1903
crop (subject to change without notice) are as
follows: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatels, 4-cxown.
4c per lb; 3-crown, 4>4c; 2-crown, 4c; Malaga,
loose, 3-crown. 4c; 2-crown. 3»ic; Thompson's
seedless, 4c; seedless Sultanas, 3%c; Seedless
Muscatels. 3'4c; do floated. 3%c; Seeded Rail-
Ins. 16-oz cartons, fancy, 5%c; choice. 3Kc;
12-os cartons, fancy, 4%c: choice. 4%c; In
bulk, tancy. 5Uc; choice, 5c; Imperial dus
ters, $3; N Dehesa. $2 50; fancy, $2; London
Layers. 3-crown. $1 33; 2-crown. $1 23.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13%@14c;
No. 2, ll%@12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13$13%c;
No. 2. llfillUc; Almonds. ll%c for Nonpa
reils. 11 %c for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 9V«c for Languedoc; Peanuts. t>37c for
Eastern: Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50£5.
HONEY— Comb. 11%®12%C for white and
10@llc for amber; water white extracted. 59
6c; light amber extracted. 4% 6 5c; dark.
3%«4c.
BEESWAX— 27629c per lb.
The market was liberally supplies with de
ciduous fruits and trade was. chiefly local, but
there was sufficient demand for export to hold
prices of green shipping «tock steady. Fine
lots of Apricots. Plums, well-colored Peaches
and Cherries," suitably packed for shipping.
were well cared for at good figures. Loose
Cherries ruled firm under moderate receipts
and a steady demand, and the market was
well cleaced up at the close. Currants were
firm at $6@7 per chest during the early trade,
as the narrow gauge train with fresh sup
plies was delayed, but price* receded later in
the day upon the arrival of 'the belated train,
and quite a few chests had to be carried over.
Longworth Strawberries and Raspberries and
Blackberries in crates were weak and lower,
but everything else In the berry line was In
good request and some were quoted higher.
There was nothing new to report In Citrus
fruits. Oranges sold at 'a wide range as to
size and quality, and good sound Navels were
'.closely cleaned up.
STRAWBERRIES— $4S6 per chest for Long
worths and $2 50*94 50 for the larger varieties.
LOGANBERRIES— $2 5«>@3 50 per chest for
red and $2 SOQl'tor black.
BLACKBERRIES— $4«7 per chest; crates,
50©60c. >w
RASPBERRIES— $6«ilO per chest; crates
from Newcastle. 65^7Sc; from Fresno. $1 "3.
GOOSEBERRIES— 2@3c per lb for small aad
G@7c for English. '¦ >
CURRANTS — $4ff7 per Chest.
CHERRIES — 50@60c in drawers and 75«S5c
In fiats and cartons; In bulk. 4f?6%c per lb
for Black and C#6c for Royal Anne:
APRICOTS— Small boxes and crates. 50S00c;
baskets. 50#e5c _
APPLES— Old. $1 50*32 25 per box; new
Green, 2.VS50C for small boxes and 83c$$l 25
for large.
PEARS — 23®3,V per box or basket.
PEACHES — 65c^B$l per box or basket.
PLUMS — Clyman, 50i@^5c per box or basket;
Cherry Plums. 4O!g5Oc per drawer.
CANTALOUPES— $3©4 per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1©3 per
box. as to size and quality: Seedlings. $1 25®
1 50; Valencias. II 50@2 50; Mediterranean
Sweets. $1 75; Tangerines, $1 7SS2; Lemons,
$2 5ttfj*2 75 for fancy. $1 50®l 75 for choice
and $1@1 25 for standard: Grape Fruit, $1 30
62 for seedless and $131 50 for ordinary;
Mexican Limes, $4 50<35 per case; Bananas,
$2@3 per bunch for Central American and
$l-g2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples,- $2@3 per
dozen.
Dried Fruits J$uts,Raisins,Honey.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 140 to 20O lbs, 4?i«5c:
200 to 250 lbs. 4Vic; over 250 lbs. 4^0: soft
Hogs, nominal; Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars,
60 per cent off, and Stags, 40 per cent. a£t from
above quotations.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 5O
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLI5 — Steers lVtf$iu,c- Cows and Heif
er*. 6%@7c; thin Cows 4fj3c p*,. u,
CALVES — *®4%c per lb (gross weight).
~ SHEEP— Wethers. 3V 4 S3%c; Ewea, 2%Q2<t
per lb <grosg weight)
LAMBS— »2 2*52 50 per head. ¦
BEEF— 6®7c for Steers and &36o per lb
for Cows.
£ E^~ Larse - •^Hc: small. 7%S«c per It*.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6%S7c; Ewes. 5%®6%3
per lb.
LAMB— 789c P«r lb
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 6%$8%e per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Iron was unchanged at 51s 3d In Qlasgow.
Tho local market was quiet. No. 1 foundry,
northern, is quoted at $14 50@15; No. 2
foundry, northern, at $14gl4.5O; No. 1 foundry,
southern and No. 1 foundry, southern, soft,
at $13 2S@13 75. Piglron warrants are weak
at $9.
Chicago Board of Trade.
NEW YORK. June 16.— Tin turned easier
again to-day, with London cabling a decllna
of 12s Cd to £118 15s for spot and of 15s to
£118 5s for futures. Locally prices were
lowered to $20<g26 50 for spot.
Copper advanced 5s In London, with spot
closing at £50 7s 6d and futures at £56 5s.
Locally the market was unchanged, with lake
quoted at J12 (52%ffl2 75- electrolytic at f 12 50
©12 «'iy- : casting at $12 12%®12 23.
Lead was unchanged at $4 2<>g4 30 In the
local market, while in London there was a
decline of 2s Cd to £11 6s 3d.
Spelter was unchanged at $4 8$@i 87%. In
London it was also unchanged at £51 15s.
Nezv York Metal Market.
Berlin on London ....20.41
Paris on London 25.22
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico .".
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 SS* 4
New York Exchange, sight — 02%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 05
Silver, per ounce ' — «>J%
Mexican Dollars 45 @ —
Silver Is %c higher and Sterling Exchange
>4c lower.
New York Exchange on Mexico and Conti
nental on London are now quoted, as will be
seen below.
The Ventura took out for Honolulu |20,000
In silver coin and $35,000 In gold coin.
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MAEKETS.
U 'all-sir ret Stocks irregular, zbith a sfrong close.
Tonopah Stocks st HI' selling heavily. Other head Shares dull.
Shipment of $75,000 in Gold and Silver Coin to Honolulu.
Slight variations in Sifccr and Sterling Exchange.
Lcr%; local selling of Wheat, zcith the sentiment bearish.
Parky firm under continued light receipts.
Government Manila order for Oats still unaivardcd.
Corr. and Rye steady at previous quotations.
Hav easx ar.d quiet and Feedstuff* firm.
Lima Beans continue to advance slozvlv.
Butter and Eggs in ample supply and unchanged.
Cheese market showing rather more steadiness.
Reports of a short output of Honey multiplying.
Continued talk of advancing Bacon and Lard.
I 'cal h ighcr raider lighter receip is. Other Meats unchanged.
Canned Fruit Association announces prices for 1904.
New Potatoes still firm, ztnth a good demand for shipment.
Onions and Vegetables continue in large svj%y.
Poultry ajtd Game quiet and featureless.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits abundant at normal prices.
EGGS — Ranch, 20©23c for fair to choice;
store, legiac; Eastern, 10©20c for firsts and
16%©1SC for seconds.
CHEESE— S«S%c for* good to choice new
and 7<&7?»c for lower grades; Toung Am?rtcas.
e-go%c; Eastern, 12%@14c; Western. ll@12c
per lb.
Receipts of State Eggs are /ailing off. but
this- decrease is largely offset oy free and . In
creasing Imports of Eastern, so the net result
remains about the same. The feeling In ranch
Eggs continues easy and those' dealers who are
locking for a decline are letting their goods
go at \-iti lc below the top quotation. Others are
still boldfng at 23e. though the latter figure is
more extreme than it has be*n. Store Eggs
are meeting with less demand, aa buyers are
taking the Eastern In preference.
Rather mcra steadiness in tne finer grades *of
Cheese is reported, and shipments to the Orient
are Increasing somewhat. Receipts, too, are
lighter, and there is much less congestion than
for several months past. In regard to the de
crease in production due to the establishment
of condensed milk and evaporated cream plants
at different points the trade say that producers
are finding better returns by delivering their
milk to these factories than by making it Into
Cheese, hence thm new business will tend to
reduce the production of Cheese from now on,
though the effect on the output Is thus far
small.
Butter remains precisely as before, the mar
ket being liberally supplied but steady.
Reecipts were 74,200 lbs Butter, 1233 cases
Eggs end 46,&X> lbs Cheeee.
- BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 19%-eiOc
rot extras and 17%@18c for firsts; dairy. 163
17%c; store Butter. 13Q15c; cold storage, nom
inal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Louis & Nash 1.900 IO914 lOOU 109U
Manhattan L 800 147*i 14714 147
Metropolitan Secur "....-" ' 77
Metropolitan St Ry 1,000 113Va 113; 113
Minn & St Louis.. 100 44 44 43
M StP & Sit Ste M 82
U StP&SltKt M pfd 117
Missouri Pacific ... 4,300 9214 91 92'
Mo Kan & Texas.. 100 16% - lt>% 10%
M-j Kan & Tex pfd. ' 2,300 37>i 3ti 36%
j Nt R R of Hex pfd 100 30 38 35ft
N Y Central 700 11CH 110 115ft
! Norfolk & Western 1,300 56^ 65"s K»li
Norfolk & W pfd.. .... 85
Ontario & Western. 3.2iiO £5% 23*i 23%
Pennsylvania 6,800 115% lli% 115%
Pitts G C & St L 5S
Reading 1.500 47% *>'¥i 47.
Reading 1st pfd 81
Heading £d pfd 400 Cfi'.i C«U 6C
I Rock Island Co ... 1,300 21 20 >j £0 ;4
I Rock Island Co pfd 100 UiVi *•* c * -'
¦ St L fc S P 2d pfd «¦ 45
I St Louis S W 11H
! St Louis S W pfd. 400 2SSi 28% 23
] Southern Pacific ..113,400 40-% 45 45%
! Southern Railway.. 1,100 21 Vi 20%; 20%
! Southern Ry pfd... 300 85 84H &iU
I Texas & Pacific 21%
i Tol St L & West.. 300 23>£ 22& 22',»
! Tol St L & W pfd S3^i
(Union Paciflc 400 87 8V% 87&
Union Paciflc pfd »2
Wabash 16^
Wabash pfd 700- 33 34 7 i 34%
W & Lake Erie .. 2uO 15 14 ii 14 U
Wisconsin Central lfllfc
i Wisconsin Cen pfd .... 37
I Mexican Central 7
Express Companies —
! Adams - .'. »25
] American iSl
United States .... 103
Wells-Fargo ..' 200
Miscellaneous —
Ama'.sam Copper.. 1.S00 40-% 49% w»4
Am Car & Found.. 200 17 17 17
! Am Car & F pfd.. 100 7OU 7014 70&
I Am Cotton Oil 100 24% 24^ 24
1 Am Cotton Oil pfd .'. SS
I American Ice e%
American Ice pfd.. 700 2t5»4 26 £« 14
Am Linseed Oil 100 7»4 74 7*4
Am Unseed OH pfd 24-
Amer Locomotive : jgtj
Atner Loco pfd 100 82% 82% 82'
Am Smelt & Ref.. 200 MS MTi MVi
Am S & P.ef pfd.. 1,100 9S1-4 9Si» 9si.
Arr.fT Sugar R.£f... 800 12«-4 126^. 12«H
Anaconda Mining '. | 72
I Brklyn Rap Trans. 10,100 48% 4S " 48^
! Colo Fuel A Iron.. 2(10 30 29% 29
I Consoillated Gas... 10,*ji) 193% 190 193 ft
j Cor:i Products .'. .. . jo«
J Coin Prrxiucts pfd 67
I Distillers' Sees 200 201& 2oi£ 20
General niectrlc... 2f^» 162U 15l?i 150U
International Paper 100 11 11 ' 10*4
I Intemtl Papc rf<l CS
! International Pump ..1 30
j Interntl Pump pfd ;.. . 70
! National Lead 500 21 20?i "0*i
i North American <n
] Pacific Mall "" o 5
! People's Gas 1,000 B7'i B(?s; 97
) I'ressed Steel Car.. 4f>0 27 2*iH 2*5*4
I Pressed S far pfd ¦ gj)
1 Pullman Palace Car .:... " «i«»
! R^puh!!c Stoel "" ~ flv:
i Republic Steel pfd 41 u
j Rubber G,x*ls 300 15% 15% 15
Rubber Goods pfd 7tJ .
: Tenn Cfcal & Iron "" '
i U S Leather , .... "*" «£
D S I^athPr rfd " 791J
I XT S Realty «i?
I II S Realty pfd.... .W> Boij M^
[B S Rubber 100 ltJi 4 16H 13*:
¦ U S Rubber pfi * - * A{i
US Steel j.soo 8*14 "9% OU
U 8 Steel pfd 4.400 W % 54 >4 ' 64 %
Western Union 1 1 ! ! • P7
- Total sales 270.000 shares.
NEW YORK BONDS.
US ref 2« reg...!04%|L & N unified 4s.l01SI
Do coupon lOS^iMan con gold 4fi.lO3TW
Do Js_reg 1 05 ?i I Mexican Cen 4s.. (JIU
Do coupon 1OJ Do 1st inc . l*>2
Do new 4*. reg.lTOS Minn & St Ls 4s". 9fi
Do coupon 132S M K & T 4s 8Si;
Do old 4.«. reg.J«)«m Do 2.1s 78W
Do coupon lOTUINtI R Mex con 4s. 74
Atchison gtn 4s..lO2i«|N Y Cen gen 3%i.l00M
Do adjust i#... 01KJN J Cen gen 5a.-; 132 2
Atlantic C L 4s. 9.V;| Northern Pac 4s.. 105
Kalt & Ohio 4s.. 102%! Do:js.... 7m
Do 3'is 9r>*;tNor& West con 4sl00 "
Central of Ga 5«.109% OSL 4s and rartlc W;u
Do 1« Inc 74 iPenn conv 3Us... <w;
8 ; 6 (Reading gen 43...100»i
Chi & Alton 3',s.7!lS StL & IM con Bs.ll.-.U
C R & Q new 4s. 04 StL & SF fg 4s s-»
«'M&.StP gen 4 S .10!> St L S W 1st*..'.', m
U n *^ ?^"S 7sl2ST » S*a»x>anl A L 4s.. «n
C R I & P R 4s. e» (Southfrn Pac 4s. 91
C^. S?L Ken 4s ' "^ Texas & Pac lsts.llS
Olt Terminal 4k. 75 IT St L & W 4s 70
C F & I con 5».*. 70 I Union Paciflc 4s.lO5«
Con Tobacco 4s.. 02^1 Do conv 4s...? fts«
Colo & South 4».. B3J4 tJ S Steel 2d 5s... MU
D«n & Rio C, 4s. D9^|Wabaj=h lsts... mi!
i-rie prior lien 4s. 99*i| Do deb B *sv
._ Do gen 4s 86 I Wheel & L k'Yh" no *
I 1 ¥, & ?- ? 1^103'ii Wisconsin Cen 4s! 0014
Hocking Val 4%s.lCi9%! a
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20j Ontario 1 -¦:
Alice 25lOphlr I-III" 3 i^
Greece 10] Phoenix ... •"• J^;'
Cometick Tunnel.. («¦ Potosi "" i.
Con Cal & Va 1 2OSa\age V2
Horn Bllrer 1 35 Sierra Nevada -ti
J ro " s \\ v "- I' W| Small Hopes. .:...'. 15
L^advillp Con 02|Standard . 2 Sn
Little Chief 05J 2 °°
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Walla, 69c: bluestem, 77c; valley. 78o.
PORTLAND, June 16. — The total wheat
shipments from the port for the week ending
to-day were 107,820 bushels
WASHINGTON. -\
TACOMA, June 1G. — WHEAT— lc lower;
bluestem, 80c; club. 70c.
Northern Business.
1 SEATTLE, June 16.— Clearings, $596,853:
balances, $122,740. < , -
TACOMA, June 16. — Clearings, $264,408;
balances $38,411.
PORTLAND, June 16.— Clearings, $491.331l.
balances, $83,452, "
SPOKANE. June 16.— Clearings, $401,333; !
balances. $«r»,(S»5.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— - . , July. Sept.
Opening 6 1% 6 2*1
Closing ...6 1% 6 2%
PARIS.
Wheat — . June. Sept. -Dec.
Opening- .. 20 10 . 20 23 *i
Closing ..20 10 20 20
Flour —
Opening: 27 40 27 45
Closing 27 45 27 45 i
ing the third for the week, and was turned over
to a leading retailer by the Importers. Re
ceipts of domestic stock were, rather light and
the market was In good shape ¦ for young
chickens, but old stock continued to drag.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14«*13c per lb:
Geese, per pair. ?1 2&gl 50; Goslings. »1 50©
1 75; 'Ducks, $4Q4 50 per dozen for old and
$4 50f}5 60 for young; Hens. $5 50©« for
large and ?4g5 for small; young Roosters.
$7 50ig9; old Roosters, |4 50® 3; Fryers, $5 5O3
6 50; Broilers. $3@4 for large and *2 23«2 50
for small; Pigeons. $1 50 per dozen for old and
$1 HCfil T5 for Squabs. , .
GAME — Hare. |1 50 per dozen; Rabbits.
$1 73@2 for Cottontails and $1 par dozen for
brush.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market is
quiet but steady, with supplies moderate.
Common are quoted at 4@6%c; prim-, 5%c;
choice, G<§6y^c; fancy, 7c.
PRUNES — Are in moderate demand, but
coast advices reoort a firmer tone to futures
ar.d spot prices are steadily held. Quotations
range from 2*»c to 5%c.
APRICOTS— Are in light demand, but
is no pressure against the market and prices
are maintained. Choice are quoted at 9%@10c;
extra choice/ 10»i@10'/4c; fancy. ll@13c.
PEACHES — Are firmer for future delivery
and unchanged on spot. Choice are quoted at
TQTVic: extra choice, "'VSeSc; fancy, (^©lOc.
. BUTTKR — Steady. Creamery, common to
extra. 13918c; State dairy, common to extra,
18@17c: Western factory, common to choice,
ll@13*ic: Western • imitation creamery, com
mon to choice, 13@15c.
CHEESE — Firm. State, full cream, small,
colored, 7ii(SrSc: ,smaJl white, 6%@7%c; large
colored. 6%&7%c; large white. 6%@7%c.
' EGGS — Weak. Western extra, 17 »/*@lSc;
firsts. lC%©17c.
DRIED FRUITS. '
COFFEE — Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 Invoice,
T^jc: mild, easy. Futures closed steady: July,
5.05@6.05c; September. 6.15@tt.25c: March,
6.75®0.l»0c; April, 6.90c; May, 6.0O@7.05c.
SUGAR — Raw, quiet; refined, quiet.
2 red, nominal, elevator; No. 2 red, $1 09 f.o.
b. afloat: No. 1 Northern Duluth. $1 03 f. o. b.
B&cat; No. ,1 ha-rrl Manitoba, nominal, f. o_b.
artoat. An' opening decline in wheat, due to
foreign selling, lower cables and a bearish
"price current" r.eport was followed by a strong
advance, with shorts large buyers of July.
Bullish Russian crop news had an influence,
but later liquidation developed and the list
sold oil, closing %@%c net lower. July, 01®
»2Hc, closed 91c; September. S3%SS4!Jic.
closed Sic; December, 83 l-16@81%c, closed
SZ%c. ,
HOPS — Quiet. :
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Easy.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDA^, JUNE 1 17, 1904.
Continued on 'Pacc^lC;
Poultry and Game.
A car of Western Poultry was received, male-
Northern; Wheat: Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, June 16.— WHEAT— Walla
NEW YORK, June 16— FLOUR— Eeceipts
18,600 barrels; export*. 1500 barrels. Sales,
4300 barrels. Market barely steady, with light
-* WHEAT— Receipts, 12,000; spot, easy; Uo.
Nezv York Grain -and Produce.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE!
120 Horses for Sale!
By order of W. H. Smith, of Reno,
Nev., I will sell at auction 120 horses,
brojten and unbroken, weighing from .
1000 to 1400 pounds; also several choice
saddle horses. . ¦
This lot consists of mostly all choics
young geldingrs. and positively must bo
sold. Sale takM place at J. R Horan*
salesyard, corner Tenth and Bryant .
street*, at 11 o'clock a. m., Monday.
June 20, 1904.
S. WATUXgg, Anetlonter.
\M I L SO N
THE AUCTIONEER.
Grand Double Sale
TO-DAY,
FRIDAY Jane 17, 19OI
410 and 412 JONES STREET,
Near Ellis.
It o'clock a. m.
Entire contents both houses at your own
Price. WILSON'— That's All.Burnett'* 'Vanilla Extract usej
and highly indorsed by all leading hotels. •
SUES J FOR DAMAGES.— Peter Abrahamson
yesterday sued theUTnlted Railroads for $31,500
damages for personal injuries . to have
betn sustained when he boarded a McAllister
street car at Market street January S7 last. .
May Die as Result of Fall.
Henry 'Dechow, a boy whose home
is in Oakland, fell three stories yes
terday down the elevator shaft at 88
First street. .His scalp was . severely
lacerated and the surgeons of the
Harbor Hospital fear his skull Is frac
tured. He was removed later to the
Central Emergency Hospital. His in
juries will probably prove fatal.
Dies in the Bath.
Alfred E. Wade, a carpenter, 48
years of age, who lived, at 206 Seventh
street, died suddenly at half past 5
o'clock yesterday morning in the
Hammam baths on Post street. He
had been under treatment for delirium
tremens and went to the baths against
the advice of his physician. .-
Alaska Excursions Season 1004.
* Land of the Midnight Sun. Glaciers
and a thousand Islands en route. Inside
passage. Seasickness unknown. The
palatial excursion steamer Spokane will
leave Seattle 9 a. m., June 7, 21, July 5.
19, Aug. 2. 1(5. For Information apply
to Pacific Coast S. S. Co.'s Ticket Offices,
4 New Montgomery st. (Palace Hotel)
and 10 Market st. C. D. Dunann, Gen.
Pass. Agt., San Francisco. •
Appoints Two Dairy Inspectors to
Take Places of Those Suspended
for Alleged Dereliction.
The Health Board met\yesterday
and adopted a resolution providing
that in making calculations as to the
mortality Tatlo to be embodied as part
of the monthly bulletin the city
of San Francisco be recognized as hav
ing a population of 475.000. This is
an increase of 15,000, more than the
present estimate.
Cellars at 800 to 840. Dupont street.
731 to 743 Clay street and 5 to 41'
Brenham place were condemned.
The board condemned as a nuisance
the Merchants' stables on Mission
street between j Seventh and Eighth,
on account of its unsanitary condition
and ordered the premises to be va-
Drs'E. E. Baumeister, Paul Castel
hun-and W. Waldeyer were appointed
internes at the City Hospital.
The board recommended the pur
chase of the Dunden portable sterilizer
by the Supervisors." ••-.
The United States standard certifi
cate of death, nowin'use in the United
States Bureau of .Vital Statistics, was
adopted. .Therpresent system of re
cording, certificates by means of a
record will be discontinued
and p.. duplicate! system of registration
inaugurated in its. stead.
John Smith ; was appointed chief
steward of the' patients' dining-room
at the City Hospital, . >
E. W. Newhall. president of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children, sent a- communication com
mending the board for its efforts to
secure a pure milk supply. ,
The expenses of the Health Depart
ment and city Institutions during June
were $24,162 2i.
vt. Edith. "Wells was appointed as
sistant anesthist at the City Hospital.
Superintendent Fleming of the City
HEALTH BOARD FIGURES
INCREASED POPULATION
Sues for Payment of Suit.
The suit of the Newhaus Tailoring
Company against H. Fruchter to re
cover $30 was on trial yesterday be
fore Justice of the Peace Van Nos
trand. The testimony disclosed that
Fruchter's name appeared as a guar
antee that a friend was good for a'
suit of clothes, the bill not having been
paid. Fruchter testified that he did
not sign the guarantee, but his name
was signed by the friend after he had
refused to do so. The friend repre
sented that the name was signed as a
reference for him to get a Job on the
Central Pacific Railroad. Fruchter
said he could only write Hebrew char
acters and the case went over for one
week. ' -ri;..:
The News Letter This Week.
The curious error made by news
paper men regarding the bandit Raisoull
and Mr. Ion Perdlcaris is explained in
the S. F. News Letter this week.
All Masons In California particularly
and the world at large in general will be
interested In the article entitled "The
House Is Your'n." k
There is the usual amount of sarcastic
matter regarding economic questions,
while a leader is made on the strike in
Colorado.
The Board of Health comes In for a
roasting in verse, while the members of
the. California Club will find an article to
their liking. ; , '
The different departments are bright
and chatty and, take it all in all, this
week's News Letter is an unusually good
on^. •.
OFFICEIt WANTS PAY. — David Russell.
»ho served en the police force In Febroary of
thfc >ear. yesterday a.pp!led to the Superior
Court for a -»Tlt at mandate to compel the.
«f™ V A " ditur , '" lE ™» • warrant to him for
JK* due fcr fsJary. He say E his bill was ap
proved by the Police Commissioner*.
Two Japanese troopships have been
s-jr.k by the Russians. It seems 'like bar
barous warfare, but the custom is to
fiir.k transports rather than to take so
meny prisoners. Avoid warfare at home
by using a ga* range from S. F. Gas &
Electric Co.. 415 Post st •
E. W. GUXTHER MUST STAND
TRIAL »IN POLICE COURT
Jud«e Sloss Denies Application for
Writ of Review In the Jury
Bribing Case.
Edward W. Gunther, lawyer and
collector, will have to stand trial in
the Police Court on the charge pre
ferred against him by David J. Kelly
for attempted bribery. Superior Judge
Sloss, who had the matter under sub
mission, yesterday denied Gunther's
application for a writ of review and
certiorarl, by which he sought to an
nul the action unde,r which he was ar
rested and arraigned before Police
Judge Fritz. Kelly was a member of
the Jury which was trying Nguen Lun
and other Chinese for murder and he
charged that while. the case was pend
ing Gunther attempted to bribe him
for $150 to hang the Jury- i
Passes Fictitious Check.
H. W. Harpending was arrested yes
terday and charged with having pass
ed a fictitious check. The complain
ing ¦witness is Ellis H. Siv«iin, a den
tist. Harpendinj? passed a bogus
check a year ago on the dentist. The
<heck was drawn on the California
Safe Deposit and Trust Company in
the name of D. A. Hills for $160.
fate.ln silence. Her connection with his
resolution to die he attempted to con
ceal in every way, like the true gentle
man that he was.
HIS HEART WAS BROKEN.
He let no one know that his heart
was broken, but set about quietly U> ar
range his affairs preparatory to leaving
the world. He wrote a touching letter to
his younger brother. Robert Aspden.
and left all he. had to his father. To
Coroner Leland he addressed a letter
that Jested with death, and named the
cause as "temporary Insanity."
A note sent to Miss Hadenfeldt the
night before he died hinted at his in
tention, and she telephoned the police.
A search was made for him, but when
found he lay under a tree in the park
with a bullet In his heart.
The following missive from Miss Ha
denfeldt was found In Aspden's room:
Dear George: I have thought over all that
has happened and have come to this conclusion.
I am going to do my work and only that. I
shall pay all my debt! and feel honorable. 1
hope, when that Is done. Of other matters 1
will not talk. I am mentally In no condition,
and If I km to do my work I must have rest.
I shall a*k you not to give up your position,
for I shall send you one-half of each weeks
salary after expenses are paid, and this money,
with your own salary, should give you enough
to work with, to further your own ambitions.
I hope Mr Brady will look at that play.
Mr. Bert said they would with pleasure. Do
your work and I will do mine, and there will
be. no great lose. Anyhow, the future will hold
wonders In store, so do not give up. but hold
to your hopes and desires. As I feel now. my
work Is uppermost and I feel I ought to do it
and not have any regrets In the future. There
has been so much expended that I feel it Is not
right to leave it unfinished. I hope you are
stronger to-day. My cold Is somewhat better.
Sincerely, JOAX.
P. S. — I have secured a good, thorough elec
trician, who can satisfactorily manage all.
Aspden was a native of England, 31
years old. He leaves a stepdaughter 15
years old, a father at present in Ore
gon and a brother. Robert J. Aspden.
employed In - a downtown business
house.
JOKES WITH CORONER.
The following letter was written by
Aspden to. the Coroner:
June 13, 1301.
Dr. Leland. Coroner San Francisco —
Dear Sir: As one may not take even one •
own life without rendering account unto the
law I leave you this explanation of my deed.
I know It wQl be as much of a bore to you a*
It li to me. but ITTs" the traditional theory that
one might as well be dead as out of fashion.
For the benefit of your esteemed Jurors, and
In order that they may get home to dinner of
to their several and various pursuits as socn aa
possible after being dragged forth to sit on m«
— for which. Inconvenience I am sure I beg
their collective pardons (you yourself are paid
for this sort of thing)— let us all agree that it
was due to "despondency over a long Illness."
or wouldn't "temporary Insanity" perhaps do
better? Yes. let's agree that It was "tempo
rary Insanity." That ought to »atl!ify the law.
even If It doesn't please the curious. The real
cause— If there should happen to be the usual
suspicion that there is another reason— is no
one's affair but my own. I nhall consider It an
impertinent and a gross and ungentlemanly
breach- of the faith that I am reposing In you
all If you should cause trouble or sorrow to
any one who knew me In life by attempting to
probe deeper. I can assure you. but never
mind— we have already agreed on •'temporary
Insanity," whose — doesn't matter, either.
If life were only as simple as death and as
attractive. . what a bright old world It would
be. Respectfully. GEORGE H. ASPDEN.
This pathetic missive waa left for
Robert Aspden. the younger brother of
the Journalist:
Dear Old Dobbin: We've lived a itranre
life, you and I. to *hat matter th« end? I'm
sorry I can't leave you more, but I haven't tt
now. A» I came Into the hotel I watched you
ytrolllnc leisurely down the street with a boon
companion, head hlnh. shoulders squared, look
lng the part, no matter what you felt. That's
the way! Live up to your own estimate of
yourself, 'and make that estimate high. Its
only when you're beaten that It's hard to act.
Give my salary — there Is some still due me — to
dad. The watch — my. mother's irlft to me —
keep, and with It all else you may find I was
possessed of. God knows it Isn't much now.
Be a good fellow: live your life well and
happily and give my lore to all who may care
for it. ' Mor* lovingly than ever In this last
hour , BROTHER JUD.
Hospital reported that there is a bal
ance of $9620 34 remaining out of the
appropriation of $115,000 for the in
stitution.
William E. Lendrum and Matthew
J. Brady xvere appointed dairy Inspec
tors, vice Inspector Smith and O'Con
nor, who were suspended for alleged
dereliction of duty.
In the way of allegations of cruelty,
Madge Landmesser offered something
new yesterday when she sued her hus
band, Fred L. Landmesser, for divorce.
She Eays that they were married In
2~alt Lake in November. 1900, and have
an adopted child two years old. Ac
cording to the complaint, he failed to
support her and she had to take em
ployment as a domestic at the Strath
more Hotel. After cursing her and
striking her on various specified occa
sions, his cruelty is said to have cul
minated on June 12, at 307 Golden Gate
avenue, when he choked her and
pounded her head on the floor. She
avers that "Just as she was losing
consciousness and dying" neighbors,
who had heard her screams, burst into
the room and dragged him off. Then
in a half dazed condition she "fled in
terror into the street." She says that
the Monday before the assault he bor
rowed her last $7. She declares that
unless the court restrains him, or there
is intervention from the police, he will
carry out his threat to kill her.
Annie E. Christesen, wife of the pro-,
prietor of The Branch coffee-house,
tiled an answer and cross-complaint
itf his suit for diverce yesterday. In the
answer she denies all of his allegations
of ill-treatment and in the cross-com
plaint says that he has an income of
$1000 a month. She asks for $250 ali
mony and $1000 for counsel fees.
Josephine Mainhart In an answer and
cross-complaint to her husband,
George E. Mainharfs. suit for divorce,
denies that sl.e deserted him and says
that he deserted her.
Gussie D. Phelan, wife of Ed. N. P.
Phelan, a bookkeeper, yesterday sued
him for divorce on the ground of ex
treme cruelty. They were married in
1S93 and have a daughter nine years
old. She alleges that he has cursed
her, struck her and spends his nights
in profligate living. On Thanksgiving
day, 1903. she avers, he threw her out
of their bxrme and locked the door.
Judge Graham granted a divorce to
James D. Rowland from Gertrude M.
Rowland on the ground of desertion.
Rowland said that his wife left him
because he declined to support her
mother and other members of the fam
ily.
Suits for divorce were commenced by
Ida E. Smith against H. C. Smith, de
sertion and failure to provide; Angle
F. Harris against Leslie C Harris,
cruelty; John L. Robinson against
Minnie Robinson, desertion; Elizabeth
Elfrieda Battle against Alfred James
Battle, neglect and failure to pro
vide.
Bereft of Love He Chooses
Death to Life of Bitter
Memories ' and Sad Days
"You do your work — I'll do mine. I
must live my own life.' JOAX."
With these words ringing in his ears,
George Aspden, a well-known young
newspaper man, held a pistol to his
breast early yesterday morning and
pressed the trigger. .In the gray light
of dawn, in a lonely part of Golden
Gate Park, a life fullof industry and
ambition terminated voluntarily. Proud,
sensitive, of a disposition that chafed
under a sense of wrong, the young man
decided to let death end all.
Before he killed himself Aspden
evidently reviewed his hopes and grief3
in the solitude of his own mind, and
when he entered the flower-scented
park he had already fully made hia
decision. He had placed all his hopes
on a woman's love, and she, dazzled by
the calcium light of the stage, had
chosen the possibilities of a career and
bade him go hJs way- alone.
DECISION' LJEADS TO DEATH.
Joan Hadenfeldt's decision took all
the joy from George Aspden's life. He
had done much for her. In fact, it was
his energy and his intellfgence that
enabled her to enter her chosen pro
fession. He arranged a play for her
and neglected his own work to make
it a success. The slight theatrical fame
she earned at the Orpheum only sharp
ened her appetite, for more. She went
East and found it. Then she decided
that she could and would climb to the
heights — alone. • Her engagement to
marry George Aspden hindered her
ascent, she said. And he had staked
his life on the decision.
She told him she had decided to give
her whole life to her work. He heard
her as bravely as Kipling's Dick Held
lar. Not a reproach did he utter. Man
through and through, he accepted his
Restaurant 3Ian ? s Wife Asks
for Big Alimony and Fees.
Other Suits for Divorce
TEIES TO HIDE CAUSE
To Settle Scobie Estate.
George Bennett and Alfred Black
are ready to wind up the affairs of the
estate of John Scobic, who died Feb
ruary 23, 1902. Yesterday they filed
their final account as administrators
and asked that the remainder of the
estate be distributed. The residue con
sists of $21,925 In cash and parcels of
real estate, including the home at 874
Fell street; property on Fell, Steven
son and Mission streets; on the Rus
sian River and at Guerneville.
The final account shows receipts of
$196,313 58 and disbursements amount
ing to $174,388. The widow, Agnes
Annie Scobie, has been paid $13,000
in cash and $116,550 in real estate.
The report accompanying the account
shows the payment of $135,000 In
legacies, chief of which was $65,000
to Marguerite Scobie Davis; $20,000 to
George Bennet. trustee, and $15,000
to John Law-son and William Scobie of
Blackford, Perthshire, Scotland, as
trustees.
Prior to its acquittal of Ben Louder
dale, accused of selling liquor with
out a license in the Turtle saloon, at
Geary and Powell streets, a Jury in
Judge Cabaniss' court was treated ¦ to
some oral jousting by the lawyers in
the case. Mr. Hanley prosecuted, Mr.
Crowley defended and Policeman Ho
gan was the complainant. After Ho
gan had testified that Louderdale sold
him a drink of whisky Louderdale
was asked by Mr. Hanley if he and
Hogan had discussed the case after
the arrest.
Witness — "Yes, I spoke to him
about it while we were coming down
the street."
Mr. Crowley (to Mr. Hanley) —
"Why don't you tell him to say he
talked to the complainant at the Tur
tle?"
Mr. Hanley (to Mr. Crowley) —
"Why don't you go ahead and try the
case?" •
Mr. Crowley (to Mr. Hanley) — "I
will try my side of the case without
dictation from you."
Mr. Hanley (to Mr. Crowley) — "It's
a good thing for you there's a gas col
lector on the jury."
Mr. Crowley (ignoring Mr. Hanley
and addressing the witness, who
seemed to be deeply immersed in
thought) — "Did you sell this com
plainant a glass of liquor? Mr. Lou
derdale, do you hear me — are you
awake?"
Judge Cabaniss (to Mr. Crowley and
alluding to Mr. Louderdale) — "May
be his conscience is awake and delays
his answer."
Mr. Hanley (to himself) — "Ha! ha!
ha!"
Mr. Crowley (to the celling) —
"Don't argue with me. (To the jury):
It is surprising the number of lawyers
who don't know the law. Mr. Han
ley, for instance."
Mr. Hanley (to the Jury) — "Or Mr.
Crowjey. Don't pay any attention to
his hot air."
Mr. Crowley (to the Judge) — "I ob
ject to Mr. Hanley's use of the term
•hot air.' "
The Judge (to both attorneys)-r—
"Gentlemen, try to proceed in an or
derly way."
Among the witnesses was the secre
tary of the Police Commission, who
testified that the Turtle has been
without license to sell liquor for sev
eral months, but is running wide open
within the shadow of the lordly St.
Francis Hotel.
Half a dozen housewives told Judge
Mogan of . how they had. been taken
in and done for by Alfred Sllverstein's
phottrgraph-enlarging enterprise at 116
McAllister street.
Each of the ladies testified that she
was first visited by an^gent who in
duced her to lend him a photograph
by promising to have it enlarged to
Iifesize and to present her with the
magnified copy, stating that his only
compensation would be the advertise
ment of his business by her display of
the picture. A week' or so later another
agent called upon her with a proof of
the enlarged portrait and a lot of
samples of frames and he induced her
to sign a contract for a frame for the
picture and to pay a Jl or $2 deposit
on Its price, which ranged upward
from $3. That was the last she heard
of the matter until she visited the Mc-
Allister-street store. There she found
that either the picture or the frame
was unsatisfactory, but Mr. Silver
etein resolutely refused to return either
the original photograph or the cash
deposit until he was paid the sum
which she had agreed to pay for the
frame — and in some instances the sum
demanded by him was larger than the
sum she had agreed to pay. As , the
photographs were usually valued very
highly by their owners, the ladies com
plained to the police, with the result
that Mr. Silverstein was arrested and
charged with obtaining money by false
pretense.
In a dialect that Barney Bernard
could well afford to envy Mr. Silver
stein denied intent to defraud. He had
been established in the business only
six weeks, he said, and he Intended to
get out of it as speedily as possible,
because It brought him more trouble
than the rewards were
worth. Some of his trusted agents
had deceived him, and his store was
vi,sited daily by angry women, who
abused him roundly because he would
not give back the deposits and the
photographs which the agents had ob
tained from them. One German lady
went so far in her wrath as to as
sault him.
"I think the sooner you retire from
your present business the better it will
be for you and the community," said
Judge Mogan to Mr. Sllversteln. "Even
if your agents did play you false, the
women from whom they obtained mon
ey and photographs should not be made
to suffer for it. Under the law the em
ployer is responsible for the business
acts of his employes. Besides, your
business seems to have been rather a
tricky business throughout. The com
plainants were deceived In the first
place by the assurance that the en
larged picture would cost them noth
ing, but that assurance. It appears, was
merely to get possession of the photo
graph and to subsequently Induce them
to purchase a frame for more than it
was worth. The best thing you can
do Is to restore to the complainants
all that you have obtained from them
and I will give you until Saturday
morning to do it."
Thus was shattered another shrewd
project that aimed to take advantage
of the popular yearning to obtain
something for nothing.
Seventeen-year-old Tommle White,
stoutly denied that his life aim Is to be
a hobo, despite the fact that he Jour
neyed from Denver to San Ifranclsco
as a brakebeam tourist and was ar
rested while In the company of profes
sional tramps. He left his Colorado
home, Tommle said, to seek employ
ment, and if he had ever harbored am
bition to be a W^ary Willie his expe
riences on the trip from the Rockies
to the Pacific would heve dispelled it.
The life of a toiler was good enough
for him and If he were restored to
freedom hs wpuld hasten to seek a Job.
"Go down to the glass works," said
Judge Fritz to the boy. "and tell the
manager that you want to work and
that I hope he will give you' an oppor
tunity to earn a livelihood. You can't
dodge work and remain -in San Fran
cisco, and I'd advise you to /abstain
from trying it." •
There was no reason to doubt the
sincerity of Tommy's declaration that
he would proceed straight from the
courtroom to the glass works.
James Jackson (colored) had donned
a new sweater for his third appearance
before Judge Mogan on the charge of
stealing a bicycle from 17-year-old
Johnnie Benzinskl. It was truly : a
striking garment, the color scheme be
ing alternate stripes of purple and
green, with dashes .of scarlet in the
collar and cuffs. ....<<. ,
In addition, to Master Benzinski there
appeared as witness for the urosccu-
tlon Wellington Alexander Sullivan
(colored), who testified that he was
Janitor of the- building at 318 Pine
street, and that on more than one oc
casion he had reason to question Mr.
Jackson's honesty. He cited the simul
taneous disappearance of Mr. Jackson
and a stepladder. and darkly hinted
that all the sweaters flaunted by Mr.
Jackson had not been purchased by
him.
Mr. Jackson tacitly confessed that he
had taken the Benzinskl bicycle, but
denied that the taking was with felo
nious intent. " 'Twas ma puppus," he
said, "to restoah dat yah w'eel to its
propah j ownali dat same aftahnoon,
but — we'll, yah knows wot booze is."
He was ordered to pay Master Ben
zinskt the sum of $15, the bicycle's
market value, before 11 o'clock this
morning or be prepared for the recep
tion of a six months' sentence from
Judge Mogan.
Gee Neon Yl was arrested and
booked for disturbing the peace of
Quong Yong Qui, but when the case
was called before Judge Fritz there ap
peared instead of the complainant a
message from him to {he effect that he
feared his life might be taken if he
prosecuted. His Honor continued the
case illl to-day and Instructed the po
liceman to inform the discreet Quong
that to trifle with the law's machin
ery is hardly less dangerous an to
provoke the wrath of a highbinder.
Steve Potter's mother-in-law, Mrs.
MargareJ Moore of 633 Second street,
complains that he -efuses to provide
for the support of his 6-year-old son;
and Judge Mogan has summoned him
to appear to-day and show cause. Pot
ter is a teamster, and recently his wife,
from whem he is separated, had him
arrested for assaulting her when she
asked him to contribute to their child's
maintenance.
John Yorkovich professed inability to
explain how lottery tickets got J into
his pocket. He was arrested in Chi
natown, and when the tickets were
found he affected great Jrprise. Judge
Mogan listened sympathetically to
John's statement, and thtn .-.pake as
follows:
"This thing: of i — optttiously shov
insr lottery tickets Into the pockets or
white visitors to the Celestial quarter
is a mischievous practice, and should
be stopped toy a vigilant police. Hard
ly a day passes that does not bring: be
fore me some gentleman who has been
arrested in Chinatown for having lot
tery tickets In his posseislon. and the
Invariable defense is that the tickets
must have been placed there by some
person or persons unknown. The fact
that the tickets were purchased a short
time prior to their discovery, and that
they must have cost the unknown
practical joker or Jokers a considerable
sum of money, makes the matter all
the more mysterious. Meantime, Mr.
Yorkovich. I must fine you 55 for • l
¦ lowing your pockets to be stuffed when
'you weren't looking-."
SENSATIONAL CHAEGE
Newspaper Man Goes to Lone
Spot in Brush of Park
and Stills Broken Heart
Case of Liquor-Selling Without a License 1 Is Made
¦• Interesting for His Honor Cabaniss and Jury
by Tilting Between Lawyers Hanley and Crowley
Madge Landmesser Says She
Was Dying When Neigh
bors Answered Her Screams
VOWS HUSBAND
THROTTLED HER
ASPDEN SEEKS
ETERNAL SLEEP
ATTORNEYS ENGAGE IN A WORDY
JOUST UNTIL JUDGE CALLS HALT
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL. FRIDAY, IJUNE 17, .-190-1
16
ADVERTISEMENT!^
HEAD SOLID SORE
Awful Suffering of Baby and
Sleepless Nights of
Mother.
CURED BY CUTICURA
Skin Fair as a Lily with no Scar
to Recall Awful Sore
Writes Mother.
¦ I herewith write oot In fall the be-
plnnins»nd end of that terrible disease,
eczema, which caused' my babe untold
Fcffering and mtBelf many sleepless
eights.
" My babe wa* born seemingly a fair,
healthy child, but when she was three
weeks old a swelling appeared on the
back of her head, and In cocn*e of tim«
broke. It did not heal bat grew worse.
End the nore spread from the size of a
d'-.zie to that of a dollar. I need all
kiads of remedies that I conld think of,
but nothing seemed to help ; In fact. It
prew worse. Her hair fell oat where
the sore was, and I feared it would nevtr
grow again. It continned until my aged
father came on a visit, and when ha
eaw the baby be told me to jet Cntl-
ccra Soap and Ointment right away.
" To please him I did bo, and to ray
•urprise by their ose the sore began to
heal over, the hair grew over It, and
to-d&y she has a nice head of hair, her
skin is as fair as a Illy, and she has no
scsr left to recall that awful sore, and
It ip over eight months and no feign of
its returning."
Mrs. W». Rtkr, Elk River, Minn.
"Cnre permanent." So write* Mn.
Ryer, Feb. 25, 1903, ehc years later :
•• Tonr letter of th« 19th inst. received,
asklrg in regard to the cure of mv baby
«ome six years ago. Well, the disease
has never retorned to her head which at
that time was a solid sore on top and
down the back. Once or twice since
then a patch has cone on her band near
the wrist, but It finally disappeared
after proper treatment with Cntic'ira."
SeM thmcr't'mt tSr world Cntlear* IUwlT«at. Ms.
r n ;.m ef O.e-ol.u < o«tt4 TX: Ke. per rit! »f V<\
' • nlmeit. «r . Seap. IV. l'.poii t LtndM, T Chant*
»«••< aq. : ftm. I uik ** U i'sts : BaM. IT Oolunkll
in J-o:»- Drvc * CWta- Cor|< . *o : « Proprittsra.
mr M4 tar ~ He» to Cm £««¦» ."
SEASONABLE GIFTS I
Our Sunday Want Ad. Patrons
Heeei\c a
EURKKA FI,Y PAPER GUARD
And One-Half Dozen Sheets
STICKY FLY NET PAPER
FREE TO-DAY
Read Ad. on Classified Page.
SAHrZ'3 CELERY COMPOUND.
ASTORIA M V t m AIIUm World There I» Wo Quicker,
r ..,^^ iiVim !! Sure* Health and Strength for Weak
ivy •....••.•••.- ..... | o^u vKallzer nerve f'*xl and health msker.
Mrs. J. R. BENNETT. E-very tn^redient of Palnes Celery Cnmpour.d
f is known to the responsible physicians of tr.*
«»»»»««»» »»tttttt------- world and pr?scrtbr<i hy them constantly.
Go to your Druggist TODAY—
Get one bottle of Paine's Celery Com-
pound— £ee how DIFFERENT it will
make you feel.
MARKS BROS.
DOUBLE
VALUE
DAY
Here'g a etunningr WHITE Jap Silk
TValut for Sl.O.": broad L FULL. FRONT
trimmed wltli THREE ROWS of VALKN-
riKNNES INSERTION: FORMS a PRET-
TY and novel YOKE EFFECT. STOCK
and CUFFS Inserted. TUCKED BACK-
ALL, SIZES. . .
Dreis, m pictured, made of an excellent
quality of GINGHAM; yoke FINISHED
with RUFFLES; trimmed in GOOD dur-
able EMBROIDERY; extra full SKIRT,
very DEEP HKM; comes In PIXK AND
WHITE, BLUE AND WHITE and RED
AND WHITE STRIPES.
jx / / W7*5^?Z- A3'"?y%-tfSjitsi?**"
f^Y /y i^t i /y/s B^BBfli^BSslLRfiBuS
"/A / UtXcz. fijWgKy^VjtTWt W
«Z2A /*i / • kE&juMRHi-wSS
THIS STURDY ALL. WOOL*- SUMMER
WEIGHT WALKING SKIRT, aa PIC-
TURED. Is PERFECT FITTING OVER
HIPS and GRACEFUL FLARING, closely
CONFORMING to the lines of/ THE FIG-
URE from the WAIST WELL DOWN to
THE KNEE.
: 20c KNIT VESTS, fOc
Women'* LOW NECK HALF SLEEVE
SHAPED VESTS, In ECRU ONLY: special
to-day. 10c. '
10c EMBROIDERY, 5c
Don't miss this Embroidery SPECIAL:
pretty patterns to select from; 3 to 5
INCHES WIDE.
MARKS BROS.
, "The Home of Honest Value*,"
1220-1222-1224 Market St.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
1001 Fillmore St 119 Taylor St
35c BAR ITALIAN CASTILE SOAP. 2.V.
Telm Waptfr* Soap 6 cakes 25o
AHo Ilcnzllene or Nrsco N'astha.
Friday and Saturday nights.
3.-.C JELLY TUMBLERS. IjOZ. 25o.
Xasoa Prnlt Jan Dozen pints, ZOo
Porcelain lined Covers — Qts. 49c; Va-cal. «5o
15c CAKES PARAFFINE WAX. LB. luc.
Jtl and Jams, Mn. rafter* fUsi lOo
Doz. $1 10. Strawberry ami (urrant now b?lng
made. 9.e how it Is done. Tayior-st store.
30c XAfllSCO SCOAR WAFERS. 22» a c.
Purity Balclar Powder. .I.arff9 caas~23o
We make and sruarnntee every ounce. J»on»
better at any price.
FABER/S INDIA AND C.*ETl6n~TEA, Pac£
«t 30c.
Vienna Coffee pound 22 > 3 o
Java and Mocha, blend— strong ana rich. Tt»
Btore pr!c». f/ith prizes. «5c lb.
25c OT. JAR PEKLKD~rEAR3. 15c.
BEST RUTTED Urge QQl n
CREAMERY BU I I CH square 0O3G
Any brand you like. Bnt Ilumboldt Crra.-a-
eriea. None sold to dealers.
NUTMEGS. 2 Doa.~lncT "
Cider Vlaerar gallon 150
Made from Oregon Apple Cider. TTsua'.ly S5c
•WORCESTERS HIRE SAUCE. 2 BOT3. 25>-_'^
rrendi Sardines, Genuine 3 cans 25o
"Kerjean" Brand. In pure olive oil. uii*n for
Iny^ecticn.
ARMOUR'S Lt r N~rH~rON~GUE. CAN 2Tc.
Sour Mash Whisky. .qt7botT63«
Mellow and ri;>e. Usually »1 Oft
55c TORT OR SHERRY. <JT. COT. U.V.
Dinner Wines pallon 43o
Zinfandel or Rlesltn*. Coollngr and refreshing.
Usually 65c.
» 25 SAUTERNE VrTNE. GAL. ?5c.
fPJ For Easy
F^ \ SHAVING
P"" SEOTTIAB PRICE $3.
No danger of cutting yourself.
Comfortable to shave with; docs
not pull.
I have* complete sets of Star
Safety Razors up to 935.
Other razors as low as $1.
THOBOTJGHI.T RELIABLE.
Full line high-prade cutlery, all
standard makes, including pocket
knives $1 and up.
Two bars Williams' 19 .cent
shaving soap 15c.
Mall orders promptly filled
THAT MAN PITTS
T. W. PITTS, the Stationer, I
1008 MASXIT STREET. I
/fVvK $3 - 50
I"VanVroom"
|1 DENTAL PARLORS i
t| SIXTH snd MARKET
CASTOR I A
fox Infants and Children.
His Kind You Hays Always Bouglit
Bears tho /J? Sjf/7-+-£ m
Signature of C.CcSi^^y^&^e^
inorBRSarfiTcor^
\ MERCHANT TAILORS. g
]] 622 Market Street. \\
i;|; Up Stairs. Opp. Palace HoteL ;:
» SAN FRANCISCO. sL
Jj; _• _ ApVERTISEJCEHTa.
Don't Let It Slip
Your Memory!
This Friday and Saturday
WILL BE DAYS OF
Unprecedented
Bargains.
July 15^1 the day when possession of store must be
given is fast approaching.
SILKS,
DRESS GOODS,
TAILOR-MADE SUITS,
UNDERWEAR.
i?j£b cver y thin & in the h ouse is going at about HALF
• PRICE.
Forty dozen embroidered turn-over collars, the 25-cent
( kind, 5 cents each, while they last.
I *^ nd 1 couId .8° on and "I! a page with prices ridiculously
i low for everything in the fancy department, such as Rib-
bons Laces, Ostrich Boas, Handkerchiefs, Silk Mufflers
and Reefers.
j Be on hand this morning at 9 o'clock if you want to
get Two Dollars' worth of merchandise for
One Dollar in coin.
C. CURTIN,
911 and 913 Market Street.