TKB T2EATSXS.
AloMar — "Lovers' Lan*."
California— "A Prince of Liara."
Central — "Lights o' London."
Columbia — M T2xe Proud Prince."
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Fischer's — "The Mormons." ~"~~
Grand — "Da Barry."
Orpheura — Vaudeville.
Tivoli — "Botoin Hood.'*
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 20.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
san -Francisco; monday, june 20, 1904.
Continued on Pace 3, Column 3*
LIAOYANG, June 19. — For the first
time since" the beginning of the war,
General Kuropatkin has taken per
sonal direction of the operations and
Jias assumed the offensivo \-—
Kuropatkin . Commands • in Person.
forces Fru^t lo Reduce Prices
WASHINGTON. Juno J r». — Lieuten
ant Raymond intone. :i young naval of
ficer. u9 Acting Governor of Guum. has
forced a food trust on that island to
reduce prices on the necessaries of life
sold to natives.
Continued on Page 5, Column A,
SHANGHAI. June 19. — The British
torpedo-boat destroyer Sparrow Hawk,
which struck an uncharted rock off
Saddle Islands, near Hangchow Bay,
yesterday, is a total loss. The guns
-the vessel were saved and no
lives were lost in- the disaster.
LONDON, June 19. — The report in
a dispatch to the Paris Temps from
AJaccio, Corsica, that during the night
of June 16 the British torpedo-boat de
stroyer Bat collided there with the de
stroyer Stag and sank in deep water, is
untrne. A dispatch from Malta says
the Bat and Staff arrived there to-day.
CREW AND GUNS SAVED
BUT WARSHIP IS LOST
to intercept a British convoy to-day.
Four Tibetan* wore killed. The con
voy arrived here *:ifely.
The Tibetan force is receiving jnore
nra?s rnnnon and Us ilre is increasing
in intensity. ,
Natives Lose Four Men in nn At
tempt to Intercept an Eng
lish Convoy.
GYANGTSE. Tibet. Thursday, Jun«
16. — A force of COO Tibctuns attempted
TIBETANS ATTACK BRITISH
AND MEET WITH DEFEAT
"Speak Easy" Lighted by Electricity
' From Neighboring Trolley Foitnd
In, Cave* Near Pittsburg.
PITTSBURG. June 19.— The finest
fitted up "speak easy" ever discovered
in this vicinity was found by tffe Alle
gheny police to-day. It was located in
a cave 105 feet under Troy hill and had
its 'entrance from East street, between
North , avenue and Mill 'street,
v. It was lighted by incandescent lights,
and. the power Js alleged to have been
secured from one of the, trolley tracks
In the vicinity.
T- Fine carpets covered the floor and
handsome furniture was scattered
about: In the cave the police found ten
barrels of. wine, several barrels of beer
and a large quantity of whisky.
The proprietor and twenty-three vis
itors were, arrested,. Vw _,
POLICE FIND DRINKING
PALACE UNDER TROY HILL
Tennelly is giving U p the undertake
ing business, and. not knowing what
else to do with the coffin and its con
tents, he buried it.
Undertaker Retiring; From Business
Inters Body of Infant Left in
His Hands by Father. .,:
OWENSBORO, Ky., June 19. —
Eleven years after its death the in
fant child of Dr. and Mrs. Miles White
was buried here to-day.
The child's death occurred Septem
ber 15. 18D3. Since that time the body
has remained in a tiny coffin in the
possession of Undertaker Robert Ten
nelly. At the time of the child's death
its father ordered Tennelly to embalm
the body, preparatory for burial when
his wife was sufficiently recovered to
attend the funeral. Years passed and
the father continued to give excuses
for not taking the baby's body away
and then disappeared.
CHILD'S REMAINS BURIED
ELEVEN YEARS AFTER DEATH
NEW YORK, June 19. — "Nan" Pat
terson, who to-morrow will plead to
the indictment connecting her with the
murder of "Caesar" Young, passed a
cheerless Sunday in the Tombs. Early
in the morning she told the prison
keepers she wished to see nobody ex
cept some of her relatives who might
call and none of these, not even her
father, who has been a daily visitor
at, the Tombs', came.
Mrs. Patterson's arraignment before
Judge Newberger will be only a for
mal procedure. Through her lawyers
she will plead not guilty to the charge
of murder in the first degree and then
will come several weeks of waiting
until the case is ready for trial in
July.
Alleged Slayer of Young on Day Be
fore Arraignment Does Not Even
See Her Relatives. '
"NAN" PATTERSON SPENDS
CHEERLESS DAYS IN, CELL
WASHINGTON, June 19. — Rear Ad
miral Cooper, commander in chief of
the Asiatic station, has requested the
Navy Department to relieve him at
once, as he desires to come home on
account of ill-health. The department
cabled Rear Admiral Sterling, now
second In command, to relieve Cooper.
This advances Rear Admiral Folger
to second place, and Captain Train,
¦who is soon to become a rear admiral,
will become third in command.
Has Been Ordered Home Because
of Ill-Health. •
Relieves Rear Admiral Cooper, Who
STERLING IN COMMAND
OF ASIATIC SQUADRON
NEW TORK, June 19.— "I hare
*een and talked with Minnie. I am
g-oing to Join her before long." said
William Emerson, a wealthy publisher.
residing In Brooklyn. He referred to
his daughter, who was drowned two
years ago while attempting a long-dis
tance swim.
An hour after this statement was
made Emergon was dead.
While walking with his wife Emer
wn suddenly stopped. "I see Minnie
she beckons to me. I am going to Join
her. Good-by." he said. He fell in
convulsions. His wife raised his head,
raw he had fallen against the curb
and then summoned aid. The ambu
lance surgeon found him dead. The
fall had caused concussion of the
brain and he had dkd instantly.
He Announces Reception of Message
From Deccawd Daughter, Falls
In Fit and Dies.
WEALTHY PUBLISHER MEETS
DEATH IN PECULIAR WAY
6 ANT A ROSA, June 19. — Joe Lock
hart is in jail at Ukiah on a charge
of having attempted to kill John Mc-
Kay. Both men are Indians and lived
on the reservation at Round Valley.
Recently while engaged in gambling
and drinking Lockhart made an as
sault on McKay with a keen-bladed
knife and all that prevented the sever
ing of the latter's jugular, vein was
the knot of a handkerchief which was
tied around the victim's neck. United
States Deputy District Attorney D. E.
McKlnlay of this city and United
States Deputy Marshal Dingley went
to Round Valley the early part of the
week to look into the case and the
arrest of Lockhart is the result. He
was held to answer before the Fed
eral court by United States Commis
sioner Goldberg at Covelo. Several
parties who have been furnishing
liquor, to Indians at the Round Valley
reservation will probably be indicted
by the Federal Grand Jury.
Indian on Reservation Near Ukiah
Attempts to Use Knife and
Is Arrested.
WHILE INTOXICATED HE
TRIES TO KILL FRIEND
LONDON, June 19. — Various ac
counts have been published here of
the immense sum which will be paid
by Daniel Frohman to Franz Veczey,
the 11-year-old violinist, for his tour
in the United States. Veczey is guar
anteed a minimum of $1500 for each
performance for at least thirty per
formances.
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork
Herald. Copyright. 19W. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
Frohmnn Encages Veczey for Tour of
States. Guaranteeing Him $1500
for Each Performance.
SKILIi OF CiniiD VIOLINIST
COSTS MANAGER LARGE SUM
CHICAGO, June 19.— The Republican
leaders here are advised that another
movement to nominate Grover Cleve
land by the Democrats at St. Louis has
been begun... This word has been
passed around by many of the na
tional committeemen, who say they
have It from high sources that a strong
coterie of Democrats Is preparing to
get Cleveland before the convention
and to force his nomination, if pos
sible. A Republican national commlt
teeman said to-day: '-,',•:
"The Democratic party is afloat in a
good ship In a summer sea, with a fair
shore lying a few miles in the offing.
The trouble is that it doesn't know
how to get ashore. I say to you that
if the Democrats nominate Cleveland
we will have a hard run to beat him.
I have been all over the United States
and I know that is the only thing we
fear. "We can beat Parker."
Special Dispatch to The Call,
LONDON, June 20.— A dispatch to the
Express from Copenhagen says that in
formation has been received there that
a revolt has broken out in Helslngfors,
the capital of Finland, where Governor
General Bobrlkoff was assassinated
last week.
A band of Swedish revolutionists
sacked the offices of the Governor Gen
eral on Sunday night and killed eigh
teen employes, including a eon of Ad
miral Pinken. They also attacked and
demolished the police offices.
It is believed the revolt will spread.
More serious news is expected.
All information is suppressed in of
ficial quarters.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 19— M.
Linder, Vice President of the Finnish
Senate, in conference yesterday and to
day with Minister of the Interior Von
Plehwe, discussed the policy of the
Russian Government in Finland in
view of the assassination of Governor
Oeneral Bobrikoff. Minister Von
Plehwe expressed himself „ as averse to
harsh measures in consequence of the
act of one man, whose views were held
by only a small majority of the people,
but he will recommend that the policy
of General Bobrikoff be continued. !
Special Dispatch to The Call.
, (The British steamship Allanton, Cap
tain Clark,, sailed from Penarth, Wales,
"On June 16 our squadron met the
British steamshlp'Allanton, which was
proceeding south with a cargo of coal
from the port of -Mourorun, Island of
Hokkaido (the administrative name of
the Japanese island of .Yezzo).
"The lack of* clearness In her papers
and the Irregularity of her log excited
susplclonrconcerning the neutrality of
her cargo" The steamship therefore was
sent to Vladivostok in charge of a de
tachment 'of soldiers commanded' by
Lieutenant Pltroff. "She has arrived at
Vladivostok, i where a . prize court will
consider her case." ¦
"The losses on the three transports,
the tonnage of which aggregated about
15.000 tons, consisted of a portion "of the
troops and. crews, a large quantity of
war material and the railway plant.
BRITISH STEAMSHIP TAKEN.
ST PETERSBURG, June 19. — A
dispatch from Mukden says that ac
cording / to trustworthy advices re
ceived there an entire infantry regi
ment, with its commander, sank with
the transports Hitashi and Sado. The
same dispatch says that, according to
Chinese statements, attacks, made by
the Japanese on Port Arthur have
been repulsed with heavy losses.
Emperor Nicholas has received the
following , .dispatch, dated , June 19,
from Vice, Admiral Skrydloff:
"On June 16 our cruiser division en
countered in the strait of Korea a Japa
nese transport steaming from the south
In the direction of the Japanese coast,
which was visible on the horizon. The
vessel proved to be the Idzuml, with
troops on board.
"On the expiration, of the time given
those on board to lowe-' boats and leave
the ship, permission " to do which was
taken advantage of by part of trie
crew, the transport was sunk by our
guns. Shortly afterward two more
transports | were sighted to the south
east. They proved to be the Hitashi
and the Sado, the former with; troops
and the latter carrying- coolies horses
and a railway plant. The transports re
fused to surrender, and at the end of
the period granted those on board, to
take to the boats the two vessels were
sunk by torpedoes and shells. ->s
Eighteen Killed -by
tRioters in Cap
lidi tiiy.
Revival ol the Boom
for. the Sage ol
Princeton.
Entire Regiment
Is Lost With
Transports.
CLEVELAND
ADHERENTS
ABE ACTIVE
JAPANESE COMMANDER WHO
HAS WON. TWO GREAT BAT
TLES IN MANCHURIA.
Science Finds Rem
edy for Rheu
matism.
. »
Trouble in Store for Fifty Thousand
Honey-Gather: i in the lone
Star b&.e
Poison Contained in Insect
Weapons Will Be Made
Into Serum.
SACRAMENTO, June 19.— As the re
sult of a Quarrel several weeks ago,
Roland Holmes this evening fired five
shots at William Harbinson. The shots
took effect in the abdomen. Harbinson
will die. ;¦ ._ - . .
"The shooting- occurred in a saloon an
Fourth between J and K streets.
Holmes was discharged from the
county hospital yesterday, after having
been treated for three weeks for - in
juries inflicted by Harbinson in an al
tercation on a public street, while both
were on a spree.
Although Harbinson is much the
Emaller in stature, he inflicted such
shocking injuries upon his antagonist
that it was feared Holmes would die.
He was made permanently deaf in one
ear and blind in one eye. while his
tongue was so injured that he has not
recovered speech since the assault.
Holmes during his confinement at the
hospital, constantly brooded over his
troubles, and several days ago sent a
note into the city to Harbinson warn
ing him that while he had not prose
cuted him in court he would take re
venge upon him for the Injuries re
ceived at his hands, and that when he
did so he would "fix him good."
Harbinson paid no attention to the
warning and was standing against a
chair in the Fourth-street saloon to
right when Holmes entered, And ap
proaching him unawares and without
uttering a sound, 'placed a revolver
against his body and emptied the
chamber of five cartridges.
As the first shot was fired Harbinson
was heard to beg Holmes not to kill
him, but the frenzied man kept up the
fire and Harbinson dropped to the floor.
Holmes was placed under arrest and
Harbinson taken to the Sisters Hos
pital. The 1 surgeons said he would
surely die.
He is a married man. while Holmes is
single. Both are middle aged.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Illinois has decided to make an ac
tive and aggressive campaign for Hitt
for Vice President. A caucus was held
to-day in the State headquarters and
a campaign in the interest of the Illi
nois Congressman was decided upon.
After a discussion between the leading
men of the delegation, it was arranged
that Senator Shelby M. Cullom should
present the name of Hitt to the con
vention and seconding speeches will be
made by at least two delegates, one
from the Middle Missippt Valley and
the other probably from New York.
After the adjournment of the caucus
it was announced by some of the Il
linois men that the seconding speeches
would be delivered by. Senator Dolllver
of Iowa and some one else yet to bo
selected. The Senator was out of the
city to-day visiting friends and could
not be seen, but members of the Iowa
delegation scouted the idea that he
would speak for Hitt. According to
them, he had received and not accept
ed the invitations to speak for the
nomination of Senator Fairbanks and
John L. Webster of Nebraska and
under the circumstances it was not
at all probable that he would second
the nomination of Hitt. Moreover,
there Is a decided sentiment among the
Iowa men in favor- of Fairbanks, al
though a number of them are for Hitt.
The Michigan delegates, after learn
ing of the statements made after the
Illinois caucus, declared they were in
CTJLLOM TO NOMINATE HITT.
There Is no doubt expressed about
the selection of Secretary Cortelyou for
chairman of the national committee,
although many men prominent In tha
party are found who do not hesitat*
to privately express some disappoint
ment that a more experienced politi
cian was not chosen.
Senator Lodge arrived from Massa
chusetts with a draft of the platform
in his pocket. He was notified that
he would* be recognized to move the
appointment of the committee on reso
lutions and this means his selection
as chairman of the committee. All In
terest In the platform centers In the
tariff plank and the sentiment 13 that
there will be a straight declaration for
protection, without promises for future
tariff revision or reciprocity.
Senator Allison of Iowa has been
consulted regarding the tariff plank
and has advised against making any
pledges for future action. It la alao
understood that such a course will suit
the President.
Two active Vice Presidential aspir
ants were about the Auditorium cor
ridors during the evening— John Lee
Webster of Nebraska and John W.
Springer of Colorado.
"STAND PAT" THE SLOGAN.
CHICAGO. June 19.— The Vice Presi
dency and the tariff plank In the plat
form were the principal subjects of
discussion among the delegates of the
Republican National Convention to
day.
Prom present appearances Senator
Fairbanks will be the choice for Vice
President, as a sufficient number of
leaders have declared for him and an
nounced the probable support of their
delegations for him to indicate his se
lection. The Indiana Senator was seen
for a few minutes in the corridor of
the Auditorium and was greeted by -a
throng of men. who indicated to him
their desire to see him named for sec
ond place on the ticket. He remained
non-commital, as usual, his position
being that the nomination would neith
er be sought nor refused.
The knowledge that the Senator will
not refuse has been communicated to
the delegates and has largely increas
ed the prospects for his nomination.
The movement to-day for Represent
ative Hitt seems to have been prompt
ed to some extent by those who felt
that Fairbanks should make a declar
ation. Then, again, the Illinois men
feel that, in view of the action of their
State convention, they mu3t make an
earnest effort for Hitt. It Is a fact,
however, that the recent Illness of Hitt
in Washington has dampened the ar
dor of his supporters, who acknowledge
that this will work to his disadvan
tage.
Of the stings' efficacy for the cure of
rbtumatism the chemists say their ex
periments have left no doubt. The tale
cf how the scientists conceived the idea
of experimenting with the stings is
told thus:
A farmer afflicted with rheumatism
was set upon by a swarm of bees
EJ!d frightfully stung. His face, neck
and limbs were covered by red spots
and swollen for days. When the
Fwclling subsided, to the farmer's de
light the rheumatism was cured. Sup
plemented by similar cases, this tale
came to a man who was interested in
bacteriological experiments.
The loss of its sting, if carefully
amputated, will not destroy the bee's
honey-making ability.
A special laboratory i? being con
structed near Philadelphia for the
transformation of b*»e stings into
terum. The stings will be transport
ed thither from bee farms in air
tight glass tubes in especially con
structed cases, so designed that the
temperature surrounding the tubes
may b» kept the same as that of the
bee's body. I n its finished state the
product will be sold in small vaccine
points of the same form as anti-toxin
and smallpox virus. That an ample
Fupply of raw material may be avail
eble the company will encourage the
establishment of bee farms in Dela
ware and Chester counties in North
ern Delaware.
PHILADELPHIA, June 1?.— After a
leng exr^riment by bacteriologists in
their employ, an incorporated firm of
wholesale chemists of this city has sent
sg?nts to Texas with instructions to
obtain al! the bee stings they can for
medicinal purposes. An order for 60.000
Htings was placed with one bee farmer
in that Ftate. A serum for injection
through the skin will be made from the
TOtent fluid with which the tiny weap
ons are charged.
EEEVILLE. Tex.. June 19. — A new
apiary product became known through
the receipt of an order here from a
Philadelphia firm of chemists for
10.000 bee stings. The acids which
the poison sacks of bees contain is said
to.be valuabJe in the manu£actur£,-pf
a remedy for rheumatism.
!?ret:al Dispatch to The Ca"
The bureau has reports from abroad
saying that agents are scouring the
cities for persons to send to America
under the present cheap rates. The
Consul General in London says that a
certain large charitable organization
is shipping regularly to the United
States hundreds of persons whom they
had to care for for many years.
"This kind of immigrants can do us
no good," said Larned. They simply
add to the burdens we already carry
in the criminal and pauper classes."
"According to all reports we have
at hand, the JlO-rate immigrants that
are now being landed at New York
are the worst riffraff of foreign coun
tries." said F. H. Lamed, chief clerk
of the Bureau of Immigration to
night. "The Potsdam arrived the
other day with 1200 immigrants of
this class, more than 500 of whom
were rejected. In many cases these
people are the families of men now
living in this country- We rejected
one family, the head of which was a
fairly prosperous laborer here with
money in the bank. The family said
that they had been objects of charity
in London for more than five years.
We could hardly consider such people
desirable citizens."
SOUTHAMPTON, June 18.— The
j American line steamer Germanic,
which sailed from here -to-day for
I New York, had on board 520 cut-rate
} passengers. ""-'?¦ ~
WASHINGTON. June 19. — Alarmed
i by the great stimulation of foreign
I immigration resulting from cheap
steamship rates, the Bureau of Immi
gration is preparing a tabulated state
| ment showing the percentage of
j foreign-born persons who are inmates
I of penal and charitable institutions
of this country, which the officials of
the bureau declare will be astonish
ing.
NEW YORK. June 19. — Three
thousand immigrants of the pauper
class arrived at this port to-day.
Special Dt«>»tch to The Call
Tariff Question a Leading Theme for
Discussion Among the Republi
can Delegates.
Taking Advantage of Cheap Ocean
Fare to Get Rid of Its
Pauper Element
Victim of Fistic Encounter Avenges
His Wrongs, but Not Until He
Had Warned His Enemy.
Wielder of Pistol Broods
Over Injuries Received
in Fight.
Old World Shipping Its
Riffraff to the United
States.
Illinois Gives Enthusiastic
but Tardy Impetus to
Hitt's Boom.
Three Thousand Ar
rivals a Day at
New York.
Vice Presidency in
Indiana Man's
Grasp.
Sacramentan Shoots
an Old Assailant
on Sight.
IMMIGRANT
HORDE FAST
POURING IN
FAIRBANKS
APPEARS TO
BE LEADING
BEE STINGS
IN DEMAND
AS A CURE
VENGEANCE
DRIVES HIM
TO MURDER
CHEFU, June 19. — Midnight?-- There is current here a Chinese rumor that the Japanese have captured one of the inner forts at Port Arthur, losing 1000
men in the engagement. It has no{ been confirmed.
TOKIO. June 20. — A report from Vice Admiral Karmmura, forwarded from a port whose jiame the naval board will not reveal, states that thus far he has failed to discover the Russian Vladivostok fleet. It is said that the Tokio
naval tacticians have received positive assurance that the squadron has not returned to Vladivostok. in'Svhich event it is now placed between two powerful divisions of the Japanese riavy. While Kaminiura continues the quest for the Russian
cruisers at sea. another strong squadron is awaiting its arrival off the harbor of Vladivostok. It is believed here that' the real object of the Russian cruisers is to divert the attention of the Japanese fleet at Port Arthur in order to permit the
Russian fleet now '"bottled" there to escape. Then, having formed a junction, the combined fleet would attempt to go .back to Vladivostok, or, possibly, to return to Russian waters. Dense fogs that have prevailed for nearly a week off
Japan's coast have enabled the Vladivostok snuadron to elude Kamimura. '.. i *'¦?¦> V . Si
CHINESE REPORT CAPTURE OF PORT ARTHUR FORT BY JAPANESE;
MIKADO'S SHIPS CUT OFF ESCAPE OF VLADIVOSTOK SQUADRON
THE WEATZES.
Forecast made at San X*raa
clsco for thirty houn ending:
aildnignt, June 20 1
San Francisco and vicinity—
Fair Monday; fresh west wind.
Q. H. WttLSON,
Local Forecaster.
The San Francisco Call
REVOLUTION
BREAKS OUT
IN FINLANDDat* of Shlp«. | Austria. I Germany. | Great Britain. | United States.
Kl^dSle^SMn;:::::::::::::-" ~Z%* ' is 6 ™ ' '• • lum w.ooo
Kth breadth tfrmuVhl (feet) 300.B; 72.25: 24.5 ' 388.5; 73.75; 24.6-1 n. 436:71:24.62 875:77:24.67
Ma"rbat^r7 ...!T:...™......:::. I;.!..:./: 4 0 4-tn; 8 7.5-ln.: 6 6-m. 4 ll-m.-. U 6.7-ln. 4 10-m.: H 7.5-ln. 4 12-ln. : 8 8-ln.: 8 7-ln.
Projectile. nr«<l In one minute by each gun... S 9.4-ln.; 7 7.6-ln.; 8 6-ln. 3 !l-«n.: 7 8.7-ln. 8 10-ln.: 7 7.5-ln. 2 12-ln.; 6 8-ln.; 7 7-ln.
Total weight fired In one minute, pound* 22.264 ~v 19,024 . . 25.GC0 . 26.040
Belt armor. Inches 8-5 -. ~. ¦";-' *. »¦* 7-6-3 0-4
Battery armor, inches 0 . ..'."¦. JL " ' T» " 6 :i
turret armor, inches 8 V? ' .VL. «}° " J"
Sr^.% h \ 0 !.^ OT :.!r:::::::::::::::::::f M | & . ,?&• »
Speed | 10 V (Z,s 18 20 17
It was rather a Foster night at the
Orpheum last night, as Foster's dog
"Mike" and the team of Foster and
Foster in their sketch. "Wanted, a
Pianist." won the greater portion' of
the applause. Helen Bertram, the for
mer prima donna -star of the Bostoni
ans, sang two songs which exhibited
her vocal powers, but were not of the
kind that capture an Orpheum audi
ence. She was encored, however, and
respw/ided with a sweet melody -far
more popular with her auditors than
The Oliver Morosco Company began
the last week of its engagement at the
California Theater last night with a
capital production of a snappy comedy
called "A Prince of Liars." It made
a great hit, and the crowded house
attested Its approval by applause, re
calls and shouts of laughter. All the
principals, in the company appeared
in the cast It is one of the brightest,
liveliest and most amusing perform
ances that has been seen in town for
many a day. It is very handsomely
staged and costumed.
California Theater.
TYNER SILENT ABOUT
SUIT AGAINST RAILROAD
Former Postmaster General Declines
to Discuss Threatened Action for
Defamation of Character.
WASHINGTON, June 19.— James N.
Tyner, former Postmaster General,
awaits some answer to his letter asking
President Roosevelt to clear him from
the reflections contained in the White
House review of the Bristow postal
scandal report.
To inquiries about the report that he
would sue the President for $100,000 for
defamation of character unless a re
traction were forthcoming, General Ty
ner replied he had made no statement
that he intended to bring such a suit.
He would not say whether he contem
plated 6uch action, but Intimated that
he might have a, further statement to
make in the . ise. It is believed that
General Tyner Is inclined to let the
story that he will sue the President
gain ground in the hope that it may
influence Roosevelt to withdraw his
charges.
.It is a waste of time for a father to
attempt t6 train up his son in the way
be should go if he doesn't keep in the
middle of the same road himself.
"It is well that the Englishmen and
the Americans should know the truth
regarding my doings and the reasons
why I have taken Perdicaris. All that
has been said at Tangier about me, as
well as the statement that I hate the
Christian Europeans and want to drive
them from Morocco, is wrong.
"I desire to do no wrong to any
Christian. Should trouble come it will
come from Europe, for if troops are
landed we will fight."
Raissouli lays the cause of the pres
ent trouble to the deposed Governor of
Tangier, who 'with his family governed
Tangier for generations, persecuted
Raissouli's tribe, killed boys, mutilated
children and disregarded all the prin
ciples of their religion.
The legations here confidently antici
pate the arrival of Perdicaris and Var
ley within two days.
LONDON. June 20.— The correspond
ent of the Daily Mail at Tangier, under
date of June 19, says that a letter has
been received from Raissouli In which
the bandit says:
Kaissouli Denounces as'Un
truthful Statement That
He Hates All / Christians
BANDIT WRITES
ABOUT MOTIVES
. All of the r British armored cruisers of
the Kent class, designed in 1S99 and laid
down between August 29. 1899. and
March 11, 190t7""have been completed.
I The average time of building these
I ships has been a little over three years,
I and the dockyards have almost kept
pace with the contractors. The Essex,
Kent, Suffolk and Cornwall were built
at dockyards, and the Bedford, Ber
| wick, Cumberland, Donegal, Lancaster
I and Monmouth in private yards. The
hulls are identical, of 9S00 tons displace
ment, and the horsepower of machinery,
stipulated at 22,000, was calculated to
give a speed of twenty-three knots.
Some difficulty was experienced with
the earlier built ships in attaining this
speed, for the Kent never got above 21.7
and the Bedford, Essex and Monmouth
attained only 22.7, 22.79 and 22.53, re
spectively, but in the later ships the
calculated speed has been considerably
exceeded, the Lancaster making 24.1
and the Suffolk 24.7 knots. . -. .
There are several interestlng f facts to
be noted in connection with these ships.
In the first place, in a lot of ten iden
tical ships there is a grand opportu
nity for comparison of cost, time and
workmanship of those built in the dock
yards and those built by contract. The
average" estimated cost of the ships
built at the dockyards was given on
April 1 last at $3.S43,500, the highest be
ing the Cornwall at $3,938,200, and the
lowest the Kent at $3,669,000. The six
contract built shi?s averaged $3,707,500,
the highest $3,884,340 and the lowest
$3,545,425. All the engines were fur
nished by contractors, and those deliv
ered at the dockyards ranged from
$1,290,000 to $1,050,000, while those put
Into contract built ships varied from
$1,400,000 to $1,050,000. Five firms sup
plied the machinery. Hawthorn & Les
lie delivering three sets of engines,
namely, for the Kent, Lancaster and
Cornwall. In the performance of these
ships the results varied greatly. The
question of the relative merit of water
tube boilers of the Belleville, Niclausse
and the Babcock & Wtlcox types again
presents itself, for the Belleville was
fitted in seven ships, the Niclausse in
two— the Suffolk and Berwick, and the
Babcock & Wilcox in the Cornwall. The
engines for the Lancaster and the Corn
wall were supplied by Hawthorn &
Leslie, but the speed attained by the
Lancaster, fitted with Belleville boilers,
was 24.01 knots, against 23.687 knots of
the Cornwall, with Babcock & Wilcox
boilers, thus demonstrating that the
Belleville Is not nearly as bad as al
leged by its opponents.
RESULTS OF CHANGES.
To a limited extent the United States
navy has had the same experience of
varying results with ships and their
engines. The bnilders have received
their plans for hulls and machinery
from the Navy Department and built
according to specifications, but as
work progressed changes were made
here and there which singly were of
slight importance, but in the aggregate
affected the final result. In the Oregon,
Massachusetts and.,J[ndlana there was
a marked .difference " # "alnd' subsequent
ships have likewise proved more or less
speedy, although built on the same, de
sign. The Oregon class was designed
for' 9000* horsepower and 15- knots
speed, but the trials gave 9738 horse
power and 15.547 knots for the Indiana;
10,415 horsepower and 16.21 knots for
the Massachusetts, while the Oregon
developed 11,111 horsepower and 16.79
knots; In a steam trial various causes
affect the result; state of weather and
sea. coal used and the efficiency of the
engine-room personnel. But in the long
run as years pass on and the .parts
of the machinery naturally wear out
two questions will arise, namely:
Whether the workmanship has been in
accordance with the spirit of the speci
fications and whether any undue de
terioration is chargeabte to inherent
bad work or through want of proper
care and attention. In these respects
the Oregon -has proved that work: on
her was well done, that she has been
well cared for and that she Is still
leading the other ships, which have de
teriorated and are no longer to be con
sidered as being in the Oregon class.
THE "PESKY" SUBMARINES.
Those "pesky" submarine boats are
causing more trouble to the personnel
of all navies than any other contriv
ance yet devised for naval warfare.
The "battle of the boilers" and the
"Gun vs. Armor" are trivial affairs in
comparison. The advocates of the sub
marine and its opponents are naturally
doing their level best in evolving new
ideas to improve on methods of attack
and defense, and the trials going on
in Portsmouth Harbor are Interesting.
The latest device to trap a submarine
was successfully tried and consisted
of a fine wire net about 250 feet in
length and seven feet deep rigced on
long booms attached to steam
launches. The submarine attacked the
net in vain for several ho irs, finally
became entangled in the meshes and
acknowledged defeat by coming to the
surface-
M. Bertin. director of naval con
struction-in the French navy, has sub
mitted his report to the Naval Inquiry
Commission. Mr. Bertin says: "We
have no reason to envy Great Britain.
We are the first builders of the world
from the point of view of strength,
navigability and finish. The English
are only superior to us in one point —
that of rapidity of construction. They
also have an advantage over us in the
large sums at their disposal for naval
construction."
The Russian Government is said to
have liquid fuel supplied to the ships
of the Baltic fleet when it departs for
the Far East. Tank steamers will
either proceed ahead of the fleet or ac
company the ships. The operation, of
pumping oil from one ship Into another
As the result of a collision between
an outbound car of the Castro street
line and a southbound Sixth street elec
tric car at the corner of Sixth and
Market streets last evening Matt J.
Breen of 16 Laguna street sustained
sc-rious injuries and the lives of a score
j of passengers were jeopardized. From
i the fact- that the cars came together
j with terrific force it Is regarded as
j miraculous that only one was hurt. ;
I The accident, which occurred shortly
| before 6 o'clock, was due to a mlslnter
i pretation of signals on the part of the
i operators of both cars. According to
I the rules of the United Railroads cars
I on both lines are brought to a full stop
; at the crossing. This course was fol
lowed, but in some manner the motor
man of the electric car threw on the
: current at the same time the Castro
street car started, with the result that
the ; vehicles came together with a
crash.
Breen was sitting on the dummy of
the cable car, deeply interested in read
ing a current periodical. He was un
aware of the. danger until the crash",
and then it was- impossible \to Jump.
The force of the collision broke the
glass fronts of both cars and splintered
the woodwork. The Castro street car
was crowded and the passengers were
thrown Into a great state of excitement.
.The streets in the vicinity were
thronged and. a large crowd soon gath
ered. Breen was extricated from the
wreckage and removed In the ambu
lance to the Central Emergency Hos
pital. Upon examination it was found
that he had sustained a compound frac
ture of the left leg below the knee,
extensive lacerations on the same limb
and a number of contusions and bruises
on the hands. He was later removed
by the United Railroads to the South
ern Pacific Hospital.
JohnS. Neall, the motorman of the
electric car, was placed under arrest on
a charge of battery, but was subse
quently released on bail. . . ¦ ¦
KAISER W1LIIELM II
. BREAKS A RECORD
: North German Lloyd Steamship Low
ers the Time for Crossing
the Atlantic.
LONDON, June 19.— Captain D.
Hogemann, commander of the North
German Lloyd steamship Kaiser Wil
helm II, In a message by wireless tele
graph off the Lizard says:
"All records broken."
PLYMOUTH, June 20.— The steamer
Kaiser Wilhelm II arrived here at 1:57
o'clock this morning. -.
- ! The KaiseX Wilhelm II sailed from
New York June 14, clearing at Sandy
Hook bar at about 8:07 a. mi .
Although this is not quicker than her
previous time, her hourly average
,speed, which is figured to be about
23.62 knots, is greater. .
BRYAN SAYS PARKER
FACTION WILL FAI^
Xebraskan Declares That Opponents
of New Yorker Will Be in
Control. _ • •
NEW YORK, June 19.— William J.
Bryan arrived here to-night. He said
he did not expect to see Charles F.
Murphy or any leader of the anti-Park
er movement while in the city. He
said:
"The men who are opposed to Judge
Parker's nomination will be' In control
at St. Louis. They will nominate the
candidates and prepare the platform,
and it will not be the New York plat
form or the New York candidates."
PLANS ARE CAREFULLY
LAID TO END LIFE
Aged Man Arranges a Rifle So
That It Will Not Fail
to Kill.
REDDING, June 19. — Charles Wes
ley Richards, a pioneer of this coun
ty, who l'ved for fifteen years at
Muletown off the income of property
interests elsewhere, lay in a^ woodshed
some time last night, put 'a muzzle
loaded rifle in his mouth, touched the
trigger with a shingle, and his head
was blown- off. Richards was over
80 years of age, but had been in bet
ter health and spirits during the past
year than for many years. He leaves
a nephew In San Francisco of the
same name who Is a practicing den
tist.
through a flexible pipe is an easier one
than that of coaling, even under the
most favorable conditions.
NEW PAY SYSTEM.
A new pay system, affecting all sal
aried Government employes, goes into
effect in the United States on July 1.
A year's pay will be divided into twelve
equal parts and in -making-payments
for a fractional part of a. month, one
thirtieth of the monthly compensation
is to be the. rate each. day.. Thus per T
sons serving a month having thirty^
one days, err February of twenty-eight
or twenty-nine days, will receive one
twelfth of an annual salary and de
ductions are made- on this same basis
of thirty days to the month.
The torpedo boat O'Brien, built by
Lewis Nixon, had another unsuccessful
speed trial on June 10. The contract
of May 4, 1898, called for a speed of
26 knots, to be maintained for one hour,
but this was reduced two years ago
to 24 knots. The last trial had to be
abandoned after a ten-minutes run
owing to weakness developed in one of
the blowers. This defect is now being
remedied and another .trial may come
off before July 1. The O'Brien and
Nicholson are the last of the twelve
torpedo boats contracted for in 1898,
to be completed, and should have been
delivered, September 26, 1899.
The cornerstone of the new chapel
for the Naval Academy has been laid.
The building" will have a seating
capacity of 1500 and its estimated cost
is 5360,000. -
The summer v crulse of the midship
men at the Naval Academy began on
June 4 and it required quite a fleet of
vessels to carry the three classes, num
bering 514 members. There was the
battleship' Massachusetts carrying 127;
Texas. 10; monitors Arkansas, Florida
and Nevada, 38 each; the old Hartford
had- 127 and the Chesapeake 117. Three
torpedo-boat destroyers, the Worden,
Whipple and Stewart, each carried six
midshipmen.
BRITAIN CONDEMNS OLD SHIPS.
Three old ships in the British navy
have been condemned as useless for
any further service and are to be sold
at auction. They are the Vblage, a
corvette of 30£0 tons, built in 1869. and
the Comus and Curacao, each of 2380
tons, built in 1878. Thdy were removed
from the effective list about four years
ago and were until recently utilized as
harbor vessels. These ships are the last
of the Heet of eighteen vessels built be
tween 1868 and 1878 an'd which have
been of more service .than any later
built unarmored cruising ships. They
were of the sheathed' class-^-that is,
metal hulls sheathed with wood" plank
ing and coppered. The idea originated
with Sir Edward J. Reed, chief con
structor in the British navy, who built
the frigate Inconstant and later the
Raleigh and Shah. The builder's the
ory was that vessels designed for cruis
ing purposes, and in order to maintain
as nearly as possible. their trial speeds,
would be more economical in coal con
sumption if slieathed and coppered than
with an ordinary painted metal
tom, and this theory proved successful
in practice, notwithstanding the crudity
of. the system as first applied. Six
sheathed corvettes, varying from 4130 to
3080 tons, were* built between 1869 arid
1876, and nine Smaller corvettes, known
as the "C" class, were launched in 187S.
The latter ships had steel hulls, while
the earlier ones were built of iron. The
speed of the Inconstant class was about
16.5 knots, that of the large corvettes 15
knots and that of the "C" class 13
knots, and this fleet was found espe
cially serviceable on foreign stations,
where unsheathed vessels would have
been less efficient and more costly to
maintain, owing to limited docking fa
cilities and consequent additional coal
bills. The "C" class in particular proved
efficient ships. One of these, the Co
mus, served for many years on the Pa
cific station and was frequently seen in
this harbor. The period of active ef
fective service of these eighteen ships
has j ranged from twenty-eight years
down . t,Q twenty-one years, a record
that is not likely to be excelled by ves
sels of modern construction.
The original Trafalgar prize list was
sold at a London auction, with a. lot of
other books and manuscripts, two
weeks ago. The list was in manuscript,
of two volumes folio, giving the amount
of- money awarded to individuals of the
various ships' companies engaged in the
battle of Trafalgar. It was sold for $180.
SOME MODERN WARSHIPS.
There are twelve battleships of mod
erate size built or under construction
for the navies of Austria, Germany,
Great Britain and the United States.
In the American ships the plan of mak
ing gun power paramount is adhered
to, while in the foreign ships higher
speed and lighter guns is the object
aimed at. The contrasts in guns and
speed between the Idaho class in the
United States navy and those of foreign
navies — notably the Swiftsure in the
British- navy — are quite marked, for the
British ship has three knots greater
,epeed on 1200 tons less displacement,
and only an apparently Bmall sacrifice
of gun fire. The American battery is,
of course, the most effective because of
its longer range and harder hitting
power, but foreign designers evidently
believe that guns of smaller caliber,
which can be more rapidly served, an
swer the purpose of dismounting the
battery guns of an adversary. The
weights of the projectiles of the sev
eral guns In the annexed, table, which
shows the number of ships building,
their dimensions, armament and effec
tiveness, are as follows: Twelve-Inch,
850 pounds; 11-inch. 595 pounds; 8-inch,
250 pounds; 7.5-inch, 200 pounds; 7-inch,
165 pounds; 6.7-inch. 141 pounds, and
the 6-inch, 112 pounds:
Special DiEDatch to The Call.
SPOKANE, Wash.. June 19.— Twenty
robberies and hold-ups in the limits of
Spokane were reported to the police
in the past twenty-four hours. An epi
demic of crime has struck the city. In
most cases the thugs escaped. The
latest robbery reported was at a Ger
man picnic in Minnehaha Park to-day.
The robbers secured $40 from two vic
tims and started downtown on a car.
Three officers in citizens' clothes
gave chase, but the motorman think
ing the pursuers were drunken men,
never stopped his car until the of
ficers were distanced.
The crimes include every branch of
robbery from pocket-picking' to
masked hold up. Porch climbing,
sneak thieves, padlock swindlers and
back yard thieves have been busy,
with burglars making the biggest
showing. No arrests of any Import
ance have been made.
Chief of Police Coverly talks of
swearing in a force of special men.
WILL ATTACK HAICHENG.
Strong Reinforcements for Knroki's
Army Are Advancing.
LIAOYANG. June 19.— The Jap
anese continued to press the Russian
forces returning from the battle of
Vafangow on the night of June 16.
They had remained at Vafangow all
day and at night persistently pushed
forward and tried to get around the
Russian right wing, which had borne
the brunt of such heavy fighting the
previous darv.
A terrific thunderstorm burst at
night, rendering the roads almost im
passable. They were bad for the Rus
sians and equally so for the Japanese,
who were unable to overtake the Rus
sian right. The Russians, therefore,
were enabled to retire gradually to the
north.
It is said here that General Kuroki.
with the main force of the Japanese, is
at Siuyen. It is said he intends uniting
with the force advancing from the
south and make a combined attack on
Haicheng.
Further details of the fighting on
June 15 show that the Russian advance
on the Japanese position, when It was
hoped that Lieutenant General Stakel
berg would drive back General Nodzu's
,army, was a brilliant affair. Soon af
ter dawn the Japanese were discover
ed in strong force on a hill north of
Dyaiwo. The Infantry was well en
trenched and supported by artillery.
The Russian left was thrown forward
with reserves to clear the hill. They
had a little over a mile of open country
to cross, their only cover being two
small hills and two shallow valleys.
The Japanese concentrated a deady fire
as soon as the Russians reached the
open.
The "Russians formed in open order
and rushed from point to point, taking
advantage of every depression in the
ground, dropping and firing, then ad
vancing again until they gained a hill,
where they halted for a breathing
space.
Over the hill the Japanese threw
shrapnel, which burst with deadly ef
fect. Some squadrons lost every of
ficer killed and half the men wounded.
The battle then became a hand-to
hand fight, with stones and gun butts,
and the remainder of the Russians, tak
ing advantage of this diversion, gained
the shelter of a neighboring ravine, but
were unable to hold the position in the
face of the rain of shells and shrapnel
concentrated there by the Japanese
batteries.
The Japanese heavy guns silenced
the artillery supporting the Russian
attack. Thirteen Russian guns were
smashed to atoms and their horses
killed. A majority of their gunners
weer killed or wounded.
The Japanese at this moment de
livered their main attack. The whole
division- was thrown against the Rus
sian center and two divisions around
the right flank. The hard pressed
right held out until 11 o'clock in the
morning, when two regiments rushed
to its assistance. The whole force
then advanced, cheering, and actually
rolled the Japanese advance back, but
General Nodzu poured in fresh troops,
regiment after regiment.
! The Russian commander saw that
he was being enveloped and rallied
his reserves and retired in order.
If you will take care of yourself,
young man, it is possible to have fun
without getting drunk.
Miss Edith Mason was warmly wel
comed by many of her old admirers of
Southwell days. As Maid Marian she
vhows herself as engaging as she then
was, but with an added finish and Im
port. Her voice was not at its best last
night, seeming: a little thin, though
sweet and a little tired. Miss de Filippe
was Dretty as Annabel and Miss Tan
r.ehill was ample as Dame Durdin. The
chorus fairly outdid Itself and the pro
duction is evidently Jn for the run of
the century.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
To Kate Condon, who, borrowed from
the Bostonians, Is the Alan-a-Dale,
much gratitude goes. She is a grate
fully pretty young woman to begin
with, unusually graceful of presence
end bearing and eingv charmingly in a
round contralto. Ehe has manner,
finish, style and though without the
warm depth of voice of Jessie Bartlett
Davis, she has yet a voice of charming
quality and use. " -
Schuster was cast as Friar Tuck and
was fat and happy in it, Arthur Cun
ningham was excellent as Little John,
and Teddy Webb was an amusing but
over-knowing Guy of Gisbome.
The new members of the company
fit in like every other sardine In a box.
They mipht have been there for years.
P.aron Berthald. John Dunsmure. Kdith
Mason. Kate Condon and Willard Sims
are the new folk and without exception
valuable.
Wlllard Sims, who follows Barnabee
as the Sheriff of Nottingham, has a
lot more than his courage to commend
him. 'Tis an ungrateful task. To
follow a comedian like Barnabee, in a
part that he is identified with as Hob
ton is with kisses, is to challenge a
country-wide prejudice. Any other
sheriff is in a sense a usurper. One
cannot help the attitude. But had
had there been no Barnabee we could
have got along quite comfortably with
a Sims. He is an accomplished and easy
comedian, his humor, perhaps of a vin
tage less dry than Barnabee's, his
drollery less unctious. One misses, too,
the elder comedian's physical sufficien
cies and the soft, gentlemanly, blar
ing villainy of his Sheriff, but
Pirns is perhaps funnier when drunk
than Barnabee. It is a small master
piece of tipsy navigation when he fol
lows Dame Durden into the cottage.
And. af I have said before, Mr. Sims
is throughout sufficient and accom
plished in the part, sings perforce
about as well as his august predeces
sor and is excellently worth his salt.
Barron Berthald needs no introduc
tion to a San Francisco audience as
B comedian. Last night's was his first
local anpearance as such. Still, the
Berthald big fact is the singing, the
voiee methods are still those, smooth,
fine, fluent, that we knew in the sing
er's grand opera days. Comedy sits
somewhat uneasily upon Mr. Ber
tha Id's brow. His is a very mild brew
of humor. And he lacks something
of gayety, da*h, picturesqueness. I'm
not sure that I like his mustache,
either! Otherwise — and there's all of
the lovely pinging:, some tender and
graceful acting, otherwise — his Robin
Hood is much that fancy paints. His
ringing is Indeed delightful, the voice
as fresh as his sane and cultured
method insure*, smooth, full and
sympathetic to the last* requirements.
A DASHING WILL SCARLET.
John Dunsmure isAhe third of the
trio, and to a ringijjf, resonant, culti
vated basso adds a handsome and
gigantic stage presence. He made a
dashing scarlet and a large success
with the audience. . •
Things have not been well withv the
Tivoli of late. In spite of productions
recklessly costly in comparison with
those of the old house across the street
—heaven rest its timbers; I paw the
la«t of them carted away the other day
—luck has looked the other way. New
people have been engaged— to fail. New
operas have been tried— to run a week,
li seoxsied as though Fortune preferred
those knock-knee old seats across the
way, with a halo of smoke and the reek
<if the beer of ayes about her. But. like
the? cat, she came l*aek last night. The
Tivoll is rejoicing this week in a pro
duction cf "ROblS Hood" that the Bos
tonians have hardly bettered— in fact,
perhaps not always equaled.
How well, how amazing well, the op
era wears! It is still head and should
o:&—aye. and body— above any of the
modern comic operas. Its humor conies
as freshly as the peep of a morning
daisy. IU music is as lyrical, humor
ous and atmospheric as the story.
Charmingly they have put it on. too.
Ferris Hart man has done good things
as a comedian, but his t accomplish
ments as a stage manager constitute
a dangerous rivalry. The whole per
formance went with rare smoothness
and snap. There is a "light" mau with
ideas, too — fo^ example one gets none
of the blue and violet horrors that in
old Tivoli days used to stalk abroad as
•"moonlight." And there has been an
artist at the pictures— they get a hand
for themselves alone. Altogether it is
the kind of success that howls, and
the>;e was a big. Joyful, thunderous
house to make it so last night.
NEW VOICES WELCOMED.
"Robin Hoed" was ever a word to
conjure v.ith. That its magic is still
victorious last night's production of
the o^era at the Tivoll triumphantly
attests.
3Iorosco*s Clever Players
(iivc Audience a Treat
in "The Prince of Liars.*'
The weight proved too much for the
structure, and sand, wharf and all
went over into the bay; At the time of
the accident the crew of the schooner
was engaged In dumping the sand on
the dock and teams were attempting
to haul the material away as fast as
possible. About 100 tons had been un-.
loaded. One of the wagons, with horses
attached, was backed up against the
pile and was almost loaded. When the
wharf fell in it left the wagon standing
on the very brink of the opening. Had
the break been six Inches nearer,
wagon, driver and horses would have
gone down into the swirt ebbing cur
rent running at that time. As it was,
the driver had to jump for his life.
The only thing that saved the team
was the fact that it happened to Just
be on the edge of the planking that
rested on the capping of the piling. On
and about that portion of the dock that
caved in there were nearly fifty men
and their escape was almost miracu
lous. As it was, they all received a
scare they will not soon forget.
The water is very deep at that point
and the current very swift. Had any of
the men been entangled with the fall
ing tpass of beams, planks and sand.
It would have been impossible to save
them.
Takes Fatal Draught of Laudanum.
Despondent over domestic troubles,
Frank A. Peachy ended his life last
night with a draught of laudanum in
a saloon at O'Farrell and Jones streets.
Peachy was 26 years of age and re
sided with his mother at 2148 Steiner
street.
The northeast corner of the big wharf
adjoining the drydock at Hunters
Point fell into the bay with a loud
crash on Saturday afternoon. The
cause of the accident was the piling
on the dock of a huge weight - of fine
gravel and sand, which was being
landed there from a small bay
schooner. The sand was to have been
used by the San Francisco Drydock
Company, which owns the wharf, on
concrete work.
Driver, Wagon and Horses
Narrowly Escape Going
Down Into Rushing Waters
Offenses Committed Are Va
ried and Chief of Police
May Swear in Extra Men
3[uch Excitement Occasioned
by Accident and Passen
gers Have Close Call
CLOSE CALL FOR MEN
SIGNALS ARE MISTAKEN
PEOPLE, TERROKIZED
NEW VOICES FIND FAVOR
Local Company's Production
of Favorite Opera Rivals
That of the Bostonians
Big Wharf at Hunters Point
Is Precipitated Into Bay
From Overload *of Sand
Twenty Bobberies and Hold-
Ups Occur Within the Lim
its of the City in One Day
Watt J. Breen Is Seriously
Injui'ed at Sixth and
Market Streets in Crash
Ail of the Armored Cruisers of the Kent
Class Are Now Afloat, the Period of Con
struction Averaging About Three Years
TIVOLI PACKED
FOR ROBIN HOOD
HEAVY WEIGHT
CRUSHES DOCK
CARS COLLIDE
AT CROSSING
MANY CRIMES
IN SPOKANE
BRITAIN'S DOCKYARDS KEEP PACE
WITH SHIPBUILDING CONTRACTORS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 20, 19^1
London theater managers now make
announcement to 'their audiences when
the asbestos curtain is about to be
lowered, according to law, lest the
lowering of the curtain r/ight cause a
panic.
ST. LOUIS, June 1 9.— -The following
are the official * figures of attendance
at the World's Fair for the week end
ing June 18: Monday, 65,492; Tues
day, 75,143; Wednesday, 74,188;
Thursday, 85,346; Friday, 87,994;
Saturday, 87,024.
/ Total, 475,187.
GOOD FIGURES SHOWN;
FOR ST. XOUIS FAIR
Estimates Indicate That Nearly Half
a Million Passed the Turnstile
- In a Week.
AUSTRALIA STRIKES .
AND GOBS AGROUND
Passengers and Crew Are" Safe, But
Big Ship May Bo Total
Loss.
MELBOURNE, June 19, — The
Peninsular and Oriental liner Australia,
inward bound, struck on the rocks at
Point Neapan- to-day and it is feared
she will be /a total loss. The passen
gers and crew were* landed • safely. '',-<'
Napoleon was inspiring his soldier's.
"It will be. no trouble to, . cross the
Alps," he assured them. "We will sim
ply go belly-whacking down,, like we
did when we were boys."
- .With a wild cheer they prepared to
invade Italy.— New York Sun.
the first effort. Howe and Scott work
well together aa Hebrew comedians.
and Gracey and Burnett do some good
work in a« sketch for some unexplain
able reason called "A Royal Janitor."
Any other name would lit it just as
well. Some of the cleverest trick rid
ing ever seen on the Orpheum stage,
or perhaps any stage for that matter,
is done by the Zarrow trio, using bi
cycles, unicycles and. nondescripts.
The motion pictures, showing the San
Francisco Fire Department In action,
are splendid. They deservedly at*
traded more attention than is usually
paid to moving pictures. The hold
over attractions on the programme are
good, and are winning as much ap
plause this week as they did last.
Reliable gas ranges $16 50. regular
price $20. this week only at S. F. Gas
¦&. Electric Co., 41& Post st. •
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
QiS, MARKET <£. $ &s Jfe§^
3^1© STREET W£wV Itffl
1 Telephone South 1083. -^\ j/^ '^^
GUOCEBIES. 3;. >L*>^\ /O if XL
¦ Jams and Jellies, large T7 '^V/*'/ / />
B^SSPK'tl rvlJIfPajJ/ E:xtra Mree, ' 0 *' white, ffj
llNllii^lll itSwYtBfSj guaranteed strictly freah. Eftf
B I TfltlilJii \i\l»'ll3Jl Purity Olive Oil, quart bottle. 45c: Yj gal. can,.... OOc fc|
«J L H W VflMlH l l»S^ Pure California product. Reg. 65o and J1.10. ' fcl
ia^SLi— -*^ " Java and Costa Rica Coffee, pound *Oc k|
. Flavor . and . strength combined. We Q — BJ
blend to - suit your taste. Ready sam- IiIQTJOKS. f 1
I pies at our demonstration counter. « ga3 R e n ance Whiskey, full stze btK. ¦
Reg. SOc. ' va " $1.O5 *¦
Comb Honey Bo comb Distillery bottling. Reg. 11.60. W
eW .* flo",£r __—*—^^: Table Claret.. gal. 25c fl
F«iTi,. Xmev £s=s fff^l smooth, mild-flavored Uble wine; un- H
harealn* Re/ SwFi^ V*V & [ commonly dieap. No first-class itore il
bargain? Reg. XSSf oi «-\ «:\*j£ would think fcf charging less than 50c gal. H
India.' Cevlon Tea W^lt.o- : : •'•'•-'> Paul Jones Whiskey ~.btl. 75c f3
£»fnd 4<>c ~ Wd ks^-vS^f Ryoor bourbon. Reg. $1.0O. M
o'-'nounds «1.T5 M«"-*I '•' '.'• i ••!* ' Stiver Crescent Whiskey, full qt. bot 65e |l
Exceptionally M1P - » vv 7. : i*t Distillery bottling. Reg. OOc i?
fine for Iced tea \Sa|:>^v£ai8*ai Table Port and^Sherry Wine.... gal. 55c H
delicate aroma, Nwi^sS^^^^ st - George's \ Ineyard. Reg. 75c. |3
- delicious flavor • Imported Hungarian Port Wine, gal.... Pa .
Reg. 60c lb. , . ,'.... »IJS« M
Pure Leaf Lard 3-pound cans 2Sr. 10 years old; genuine. Reg. S2.S0. |.l
' Kettle rendered. Reg. 40c. Good and reliable for the sick room and JH
Kriggans' Boiled Ham.... sliced 25c lb Invalids. . - \A
Reg. 35c. ; .. Kentucky Rye Whiskey gal. fi.S.% M
Extra Light Breakfast Bacon.... lb 15c Gocd palatable whiskey, 90 proof. Reg. H
' Mixed lean and fat; very sweet, crisp $2.50. Distilled 1807. „ . . f J
¦ and tender. . Reg. 20c. - .' i . Domestic Porter.... ...doz. 05c B3
9 Fancy Creamery Butter... 2 squares 65c In stone bottlea; good aa imported. 1
¦ ¦ Freeh churned; to-day only. Reg. '$1.25. - M
•• ¦/-'•'¦-*'¦¦-;'¦¦'¦•-''-¦'--'' -¦¦-,••-¦-¦ .. . .. . . . B
j
IF CUT RATES
My prices are convincing and my
work speaks for Itself. All my patrons
are satiafteU and new customers ax«
I sending In orders ev«ry day.
i DEVELOPING: -~ .
Roll of 6 lOc|RoU of 12 15a
- PRINTING:
Sollo finish. 3c-3cjVelox finish. 3c-6c.
DAYLIGHT LOADING FILMS
For all popular sties of cameras.
' Popular prices. Cameras of all kinds
: repaired at moderate prices.
i Mall Orders Promptly Filled.
I THAT MAN PITTS
F. VT. PITTS, the Stationer.
1008 MABSST STBSET.
Above Powell,
San Francisco i
Coughs
Sore Throat
Bronchitis
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
50c and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m-
<nQ Perfect Fitting f*^
I rfc> Eyeglasses cp
! j At Moderate Cost
tli£i€Ci£3
FAVORITE
SCRSPTSQN
, R WEAK WOMEN.
*4*3P^« MENANDWQMSIt.
«#SiWrCirR£» < €fij Cie Big G for onn»tur»l
i^yhUXiiiVl diichargta.lnflaiumatioai.
SSm Ounitmi Jk irritation* or nlcer»tloo*
n«»J sat t* Mricnr*. of m neons ni<»mbr»nes.
r* H Tvnmu c»«u«n.- Ptinleti, snd not iiul>
y7»im£rmCHEM;CAlC0. j*nt or poiionous.
fcrtgV ClKC:S)UTl,l!.E*5a ¦«'«• b r DrnwUta,
WMk C.9.A. *2£T or seat In oUIn wr»pp«t.
aOCdKyK^ by •xprf'S. prepaid, for
V^539B13S£\?H tl.00. or S bottles t:.7S.
r £!ufW "* Circular fast oa wauert-
OCEAN TBAVEL.
j*g\r *»\ Pteamers leave Broadway
/C&*^^§*\ wharves, piers 9 and 11.
/oS?T_ \;>l\ San Francisco:
/Q,/?fty a^ \«*\ for K»tch1kan. \Vra.i?e!.
\ V \wmAJ / etc - Alaska — 11 a. m. Jur.«
\*\ \\ Veil 10 - 24 - Ju 'y s - Chang* to
\^j>OJ VxJx Company's steamers at Se-
v -«Z5lll-^ For Victoria. VancoOT-r.
Port Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma. Everett.
BelUn&ham— 11 a, m.. June 19. 24. July K
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry-: at Vancouver to C. P. Ity.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. June 21, 27 July 3. Corona. 1:30 p. m..
June 18. 24. 30. July 6. v
For Loa Angeles (via Port T^» An*e!*s and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
I Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a.m.
! Stalb of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
> For Los Anjtelea <vla San Pedro and 'Kant
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Crui, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayuros. Port Harford (San
Luis Obtspo). Ventura and Ilueneme.
Bonlta 0 a. m June 1B.^24. July 2.
Coos Bay. 0 a. m., June 20. 2J». July «.
For Ensenada. Uagdalena Bay. San Jose d»l
Cabo, Masatlan, Altata. La Pax. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Hex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 19^4 — Th»
palatial excursion steamship Spokane will
leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria June 21.
July 6. 1». Aur. 2. 18. -
For further Information obtain To!d«r. Rlirnt
Is reserved to chansri» steamer* or sal! Inn dates.
TZCZST OOTCES— 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market St., and Broad-
way wharves, rreijrnt Office, 10 Market st,
C. D. DUNAN.V, General Passenjrer Asent,
10 Market »t.. -San Francisco.
a. r. & n. co.
COLTTMBTA sails June 1R. M. July 9, 1« an<S
26 GEO. W. ELDER sails June 21. July t.
II 21 and SI. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND OR., and short rail line from Portland
to all point* East. Through ticket* te> all
points. Steamer tickets Include berth and
meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear St. at 11
a. m S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Ajrt. Pass. Dept.. 1
Montnonvry st: C. CLIFFORD. Gen. A**nt
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
OccanicS.5.co.sii«S;i
9 S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. June 23. 11 am.
& 8. MARIPO3A. for Tahiti. July 2. 11 a. m.
8 8. 8IERRA. for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday. July 7. 2 p. m.
I.D.SFBECKELS k B20S CO. .ifll.Tififct OSes W3 Ur-
iel rremntfliaaamrDHL. ?ur/. frank
C0W185IX 8EHXSAtt TBA»SATI.lHTI(.ffS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3.
l^^ K ay e . V a7l0 T a hU S d . a f y rom'^er £ »^
«S?.S2Tfc '&£. BE& upward. S^nd
ria.s to Uavre. $*5 and upward. GEN-
EJIAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE3 AND
CANADA 33 Broadway (Hudson building.
N^w Tort. J. F. FCGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coait
Asenti. 5 Montgomery avsnue. Saa Francisco.
TlckVu sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
To U. S. Vxry Yard *nd TaHtJo.
STMR9 GEN. FIU3BIE. MONTICELLO and
ARRO\V-9:45 A. M.. 12:30 noon. 3:15 P.
M 6:00 P. M.. 8:3O P. M. (ex. Sunday) :
tsundavs 013 A M.. 8:30 P. M. Leave Val-
fejS 7 :W A? M.\ »:0O A. M.. 12:3O NOON.
3 15 P. M.. «:0O P. M. (ex. Sunday): Sun-
days 7:00 A. M.. 4:15 P. M. Landing and
office Pier 2. foot Mission st. Phone Mala
1508. HATCH BROS.
To U. S. Navy Yard and Vallejo.
Etmr U. J. Corcoran— Leaves 3. F.. foot of
Clay St.. north end of ferry hldg.— Week day».
9-30 A. M . 3 and »S P. M.; Sundays. »:3O
AM 8 PM. Leave Vallejo— Week days.
£SO A. M.. 12:23 and 3:30 P M. : Sundays 5
p M. Fare, 25c each way. Excursion rates,
gundavs to Vallejo. Glen Cove « nd^ M *'"?fV
Mwround trip. PIPER. ADEN. OOODALI*
CO.. Phone Mala Ml. "Saturday ' «c«pto*.LONDON. June 10. — The Daily Mail
prints the following dispatch from its
correspondent at Haipodate, Japan:
AMERICAN BARK SEARCHED.
Wigg— Are the Bjoneses very'socia
ble people? Wagg— Well, the last time
I was there they , taught me a new
«ame of solitaire.
Although it was \ known that the
Russians were off Licl Island. Admiral
Kamimura, who was out of touch with
his base, kept searching for them In
the direction of Vladivostok and was
thus not aware of the • Muscovite ruse.
The Russians' destination is probably
some point whence they can communi
cate, with Vladivostok. ¦
. The Russians' cruisers appeared pff
Henassisaki yesterday, stearins south
and the Korean Straits are now^con
eidered to be free from danger and
navigation was resumed yesterday.
The cruisers are evidently trapped. '.
TOKIO, June 19.— The Russian cruis
ers remained In the strait until one
o'clock on the afternoon of June 15.
Admiral Kamimura's fleet followed in
touch with them. The chase was con
tinued and the Japanese vessels were
slowly overhauling the' enemy when a
heavy rainstorm came on' and the Rus
sians changed their course immediately,
thus follfnir pursuit. They next ap
peared off Hokkaido and again charged
their course to the southward until
they were off Henassisaki. They then
evidently steered north when unob
served, l •'
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork
Herald. Copyright. 19(M, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
Storm Aids Rnssiun Cruisers in Elud
ing Japanese Squadron.
KAMIMURA'S PURSUIT.
ft
S
When a man lets a girl kiss him
against his will she always calls him
brave and strong.
Duke of Abruzzi Goes to Front.
ROME, June 19.— Admiral Mlrabello,
Minister of Marine, has received in
formation that the DuKe of Abruzzi,
on board the cruiser Llguria. will soon
arrive at the theater of war In the Far
East.
Jnpanese Honor Their Dead.
GENERAL. KUROKI'S HEAD
QUARTERS IN THE FIELD, via
Fusan, June 19. — The second division
of the Japanese army celebrated to
day a grand memorial service, with
Shinto rites, in honor of the soldiers
killed in the present campaign. Al
tars were erected on the hillside and
a concourse of officers gathered about
them. Five regiments of infantry and
a squadron of cavalry were massed In
the plain below, the walled city and
mountains forming the background.
Reliable gas ranges $16 50, regrular
price J20. this week only at S. F. Oas
& Electric Co.. 415 Post Bt. •
Despite Occasional Flurries Giuscd by
War Humors, Market Remains
Almost Inert.
LONDON. June 19.— For one cause
or another, principally the uncertainty
not only in the Far East but also in
many quarters, the Stock Exchange re-"
mained inert throughout last week.
War rumors quickly denied helped to
oor.ision flurries, and.' "while the-situa
tion could not be described as stag
nant. Ftill the amount of business donp
was disappointing. Americans showed
the best advance of the week and th»
} Improvements were well maintained.
¦"Suppos?," said the school teacher
to the man with the left-handed eye,
"suppose that Ikey, who is s--itting over
there in the corner with three oranges
in his pocket, gave one to you and
one to me. what would he have left?"
"I vould baf." exclaime-i Ikey. has
tily rising, "von oranpe and two blugs
of tobacco, or von orange und a cou
ple of nickels " and then the class
in history was called. — Sing Sing Star
of Hope.
UNCERTAINTY IN FAR EAST
AFFECTS STOCK EXCHANGE
SEOUL., June 19. — It is reported
from Plngyang that a strong force 'of
mounted Russians is approaching the
Yalu headquarters, its objective being
Pingyang.
Successful Russian raids continue
along the Korean ..coast. I
- The total absence during the last
week of authentic- news from Gensan,
either by wire or runner, indicates the
strictness of Japanese censorship,
which Is possibly due to the gravity of
the situation there.
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork
Herald. Copyright. 59O4, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
Strong Force of Russian Cavalry Ad
vancing Upon the Town.
PINGYANG IS THREATENED.
Mongols of Altai.
BIJESK, Government of Tomsk,
Russia, June 19. — The agitation among
the Mongols inhabiting the Altai re
gion is increasing over the appear
ance of the god Airol, who they be
lieve will deliver them from the for
eign, yoke and create an independent
kingdom. The Mongols are gathering
in thousands In answer to the sum
mons of the men who are proclaiming
themselves to be the apostles of the
god. These "apostles" warn the Mon
gols to abstain from wearing white or
red clothing, these being the Russian
national colors, and to wear only blue
and yellow, the national colors of
Japan; to worship the sun and moon,
which are the gods of Japan, and espe
cially the over-god Burhan, who is the
only true god of the gods.
The "apostles" have been discovered
to be Japanese, who passed the winter
In, caves In the mountain fastnesses,
carefully concealing their presence in
the country.
Brown 'prophets Busy Amoncr the
JAPANESE AS "APOSTLES."
COMPAKES RESOURCES.
Russian Newspaper Replies to Jap-
anesc Diplomat's Statement.
ST. PETERSBURG. June 20.— Tha
Novoe Vremya, commenting on an in
terview with the Japanese Minister at
Parts, Dr. Monoto, In which the Min
ister said the war would be ruinous
to both countries, aska him who au
thorized him to speak for Russia. The
paper states that Russia has put Into
the field only 1 per cent of her flzht
ing strength, while Japan has already
35 per cent of her resources In the field,
and says that Japan is already try
ing to negotiate a loan on the security
of her camphor monopoly in Formosa,
"the best security In her possession."
Old Time Straw Hats.
In these daya there are hundreds of
factories kept busy during a good part
of the year making straw hats. It was
not ever thus. In the early part of the
last century there were fewer factories
in this country than now and many
things were made by hand that to-day
are the work of machinery. This was
especially true of the braid for straw
hats. Rye straw was commonly used,
although wheat was also- In demand.
But the rye straw had longer stems
and was more easily handled.
In driving along the country roads,
in Massachusetts particularly, late in
the summer, one would see great
bundles of the straw hanging on the
fence to dry. When the sun and the
wind had done their share of the work.
It was placed In casks where sulphur
was burned until it was bleached to
a pale yellow. Then it was split Into
narrow widths suitable for braiding.—
New York Commercial.
The primeval man had Just discov
ered that by rubbing two sticks to
gether he could produce fire.
"I foresee." he said, with the airy
confidence Inseparable from the true in
ventor, "that thi3 will be the death of
the- raw food fad."
Which shows that our remote an
cestors, while wise in their day and
generation, could not make an accurate
forecast of the future.— Chicago Tri
bune.
Brief addresses were also mide by
Attorney General Wayne MacVeagh
and others.
ington and thos<*> under him so pre-emtn<rntly
showed during th««- winter at Valley Forge,
the quality of steady adherence to duty in tin)
te*Kh of difficulty. In th* teeth of discourage
ment and even disaster, the quality that make*
a man do what Is straight ami decent, net on*
dav when a treat crisis comes, but every\day.
day in and day out, until success comes at' th-?
end. .
Special Diipatch to The Call
PHILADELPHIA, June 19.— On the
historic spot at Valley Forge, where
Washington and his "gallant boys of
'76" suffered In order that the United
States might become a nation. Presi
dent Roosevelt ,to-day delivered a no
table address. This was "evacuation,
day," and the anniversary was cele
brated appropriately in the # little edi
fice that has been erected on what is to
be the spot of the Washington Memo
rial Church. It was to add his sympa
thy and encouragement to the project
of marking the spot by a suitable me
morial that President Roosevelt made
his address.
For the President the day was a busy
one. He spent the morning in com
pany with Attorney General Knox,
Mrs. Roosevelt and Mrs. Knox in driv
ing over the ground made historic by
Washlngton and tils men. They visited
the headquarters of Washington, the
President insisting on paying the small
fee which all visitors are charged for
viewing the place.
The camp ground and battlefield
were examined carefully. A visit also
was paid to the first house in this coun
try occupied by Audubon, the natural
ist.
From Valley Forge the President and
party returned directly to Attorney
General Knox's home.
The night was passed without note
worthy incident at Valley Forge farm.
The President and party will leave the
farm to-morrow morning, taking their
special train for Washington.
Several hundred persons had assem
bled at the Washington Memorial
Chapel, where President Roosevelt
spoke this afternoon, but only a part
of them could gain entrance, as its ca
pacity is very limited. The President
said in part:
It Is a noteworthy thing that this State of
Pennsylvania should have wtthin lta borders
the place which marks the two turning points
In our history — Gettysburg, which saw the
hlrh tide of the rebellion, and Valley Forge,
which saw the getting beyond the danger
point of the Revolution.
There have been two great crises in our
history, two crises, where failure meant the
absolute breaking asunder of the nation, one
the Revolutionary war, one the Civil war.
• - • • There have been other crises than
that T.-hich culminated in the great war for
independence and the treat Civil war; there
have been creat statesmen and Rreat men
at other periods of our national history, but
there has never been another deed vital to
the welfare of the nation save the two, th*
deeds of those who founded and th* deeds
of those who saved the republic. There never
has been another man whose life has been
vital to the republic save Washineton and
Lincoln. • • • It is a (food thing of these
landmarks of our history — Gettysburg and
Valley Forge — one should commemorate a sin
gle tremendous effort and the other what we
need on the whole much more commonly and
what I think is on the whole rather more
diincuit to do, long sustained effort. Only
men with a touch of the heroic In them could
have lasted out that three days' struggle at
Gettysburg. Only men fit to rank with the
great men of all time could have beaten back
the mighty dnslaught of that gallant and won
derful army of Northern Virginia, whose final.
supreme effort faded at the stone wall on
Cemetery Ridge on that July day forty-one
years ago.
But after all. hard though It is to rise to the
supreme height of self-sacrifice and of effort
at a time of crisis that i« shortly to rise
to it" for & single great effort, it Is harder
yet to rise to the level of a crisis when that
crisis takes the form of needing constant,
patient, steady work, month after month, year
after year, when, too. it does not end after a
terrible struggle in a glorious day. when It
means months of gloomy effort steadfastly en
dured and triumph wrested only at the very
When two lessons are both indlsnensable it
seems hardly worth while to dwell more on
one than on the other. Tet I think that as
a leonle we need more to learn the lesson of
Valley Forse even than that of Gettysburg.
I have not the slightest anxiety that this
people if the need should come in th? future
will be able to show the heroism, the supreme
effort that was shown at Gettysburg, though
it may be well that it would mean a sdrr.pln
two years of effort checkered by disaster to
lead up to It.
BMt the vital thing for-this nation to do Is
to steadily cultivate the quality which Wash-
WASHINGTON,. June 19.— Much In
ternational importance now surrounds
the brief speech of Commander Isam
Takeshita, naval attache of the Japan
ese legation, at the sixth annual dinner
of the American Asiatic Association at
Sherry's on June 1, when Prince Pu
L.un of China was the guest. Count
Casslni, the Russian Embassador, has
called this speech to the attention of
Secretary Hay. He has requested that
the attention of M. Takahira. the
Japanese Minister, be called to the act
of his subordinate.
The .Embassador pointed out to Sec
retary Hay that Prince Pu Lun, a
young and keen observer, hearing the
tumultuous applause at the conclusion
of this speech, would judge that, de
spite the declared neutrality of the
United States, this, nation was enthu
siastically friendly to Japan. This, he
feared, might have a dangerous effect,
upon the preservation of Chinese neu
trality.
Count Cassinl told Secretary Hay
that if a member of the Russian em
bassy, similarly placed, had so far ex
ceeded his liberties as a diplomat he
would have him sent out of the country
within twenjy-four hours. The Embas
sador further declared the dinner could
not be deemed a private affair. The
presence of so many representatives of
the American and Chinese governments
rendered it impossible to be divested of
official character.
Secretary Hay promised to give the
matter due and immediate considera
tion.
Special DUsatch to The Call.
- A dispatch from • -. Petersburg,
dated June 18, said the total Russian
losses at the battle of Vafangow
(Telissu) were about* 2000 men. Includ
ing more than fifty-five officers. The
Russian forces which took «art In this
fight were described as marching to
the northward and It was said that
the Russians had forty-two battalions
engaged^ against forty-four Japanese
battalions, and that the Japanese had
great superiority in artillery, having
more than 200 guns.
Another report, frora Liaoyang, also
dated, June 18, said the Russians had
sixty guns In action at Telissu, op-"
posed to 100 Japanese guns. . ,
The Japanese casualties reported up
to noon of June 17 aggregated about
000 men. Including eight officers killed
and I fourteen officers wounded.
General Oku concludes his report
modestly and loyally with these words:
'•The success In carrying superior
positions and routing the enemy was
due to the influence of the reigning
Emperor."
The Japanese left succeeded In am
bushing 900 Russian infantrymen who
were discovered retiring toward Wuch
iatun. They sent two companies of In
fantry and one battery of artillery
to a hill east of Hongchiatun, and the
Russians were completely entrapped.
Many of the enemy at this point were
killed or wounded.
* In his report General Oku says the
Russians began the fight with twenty
five battalion's of infantry, seventeen
squadrons of cavalry and ninety-eight
guns. They were reinforced several
times, but the number of reinforce
ments is not known. The Russian
casualties are not known with exact
itude. The Japanese right found and
buried 600 of the enemy's dead and the
other columns had not reported. Seven
Russian officers and 300 men were
taken prisoners.
In the meantime the Japanese right
was suffering. The Russian left had
been reinforced until their numbers,
were greater than the opposing Japa
nese. General Oku was twice forced to
order up infantry reserves. The Rus
sians made a series of desperate coun
ter attacks, and when the situation was
most -critical Japanese cavalry swung
around the Russian left and struck the
enemy on the flank. At this time ad
ditional Russian reinforcements had ar
rived, and the Russians held their po
sition with dogged determination until
their front and both flanks were under
fire. Then they broke and fled. The
Japanese cavalry pursued the enemy
for a short time, but the roughness of
the country made it necessary soon to
abandon the pursuit, v :;.-.-..
RUSSIANS ARE AMBUSHED.
"When dawn of the 15th broke the
field of battle was obscured by fog. but
the artillery opened early. A portion
of the Japanese middle column ad
vanced-to the north side of a bend in
the Fuchu River. Here these men were
greatly exposed to the enemy's fire, but
a force of infantry and artillery was
hurried forward and relieved them. At
9:30 o'clock this relieving force seized
a point to the west of Wengchiatun.
and in co-operation with the middle
column drove the Russians from Ta
fangshen. The Russian batteries post
ed at Lungtanshan and Lungwangtiao
poured a heavy fire into these forces,
but in s?r>ite of this shelling the middle
column and the men who were sent for
ward to relieve the force at the bend in
the Fuchu River climbed the heights
ahead of them and quickly mastered
the situation.
General Oku started from a line
marked by Pulandien and the Tassa
River on June 13. His right column
moved along the Tassa River, his main
column along the railroad and his left
column by a road leading through
"Wuchiatun. Suchuankon and Tahoai.
The Japanese cavalry started from
Pitzewo over a road leading through
Shunzo and the small bodies of Rus
t-ians opposing this advance were
brushed away. The left column reach
ed Nachialing on June 14 and the main
or middle column and the right col
umn, keeping in touch with each other,
reached a line between Chiaochiatun
and Tapingkou, seven and a half miles
south of Telissu. the same day.
The Russian forces then held a line
between Tafangshen and Lungwang
tiao. The entire Japanese line ad
vanced and at 3 o'clock In the after
noon the Japanese artillery opened fire.
The Russians had ninety-eight guns
and they replied with spirit until dark
ness put an end to the artillery duel.
During the night of the 14th the
Japanese right column seized a hill be
tween Tsongchlotun and Wengchlatun,
and the middle column occupied a hill
to the west of Tapingkou.
BATTLE IN THE FOG.
| From their positions on the right and
j left, in the hills which flank this val-
I ley. General Oku drove the Russians
j down into the valley. The Japanese
general carried first the enemy's right
and then his left. The fight at the
left of his line was the most desperate
of the day. The Russians held this
position with desperate determination
and fled only when they were almost
completely enveloped. The field had
been disputed all day and when the
Japanese reached It 600 of the enemy's
j dead were found there.
I GENERAL OKUS ADVANCE.
TOKIO, June 19.— General Oku, the
victor of the battle of Nanshan Hill on
May 26, fought and won the battle of
Telissu (Vafangow, according to the
Russian designation) on June 15.
There is a strong similarity between
the two lights. At Telissu the Japan
ese had to drive the Russians from two
hills, while at Nanshan the enemy oc
cupied but one hill. The Russian posi
tion at Telissu was superior to that of
the Japanese and equalized the Japan
ese advantage in numbers. The Rus
sian position extended from east to
west and crossed the narrow valley
through which run the Fachou River
and Ihe railroad.
The Cossacks say that the inhabi
tants were well disposed toward the
Russians and sold them food and for
age readily and that they preferred
the Russian coin to the Chinese notes.
Many Kflreans, armed and led by Jap
anese officers, constitute the rear guard
of the Japanese army.
The raiding party came into contact
with the Koreans frequently and some
times there were several skirmishes
daily. There was some heavy fighting
and one battle lasted all day long, as
the result of which, the Korean said,
the Japanese lost fifty killed. The
Cossacks were eventually repulsed by.
a superior force of Japanese cavalry,
which was sent out to cut them off at
the Yalu and which outmarched and
outmaneuvered them. The raiders
crossed safely. They destroyed two
Important bridges, cut the telegraph
wires wherever they could and seri
ously interrupted communication north,
south and west of Anju.
The crops in Korea, the Cossacks say,
are In splendid condition and the
country is prosperous owing to the
large circulation of Russian money.
The Koreans complain much of the
cruelty of the Japanese army.
Manchurian Chinese report that a
number of Chinese runners were killed
while trying to pass the Japanese lines,
and that all the letters which they car
ried fell Into the hands of the Japanese.
MUKDEN, June 19.— A raiding party
of Cossacks just returned from two
months in Korea, brings verbal news,
regarding the Japanese positions, ac
cording to which the Japanese forces
on the Yalu River have become de
cidedly weak, owing to the confidence
of the Japanese commanders based on
the r«Wults of the first .fight.
Brine: Information Regarding the Jap*
anesc Positions.
COSSACK RAIDERS RETURN.
Official Protest Is Made
to Secretary
Sends Graphic Report
of His Army's
Triumph.
NEW YORK, June 19.— The offlclal
notice to the stockholders of the South
ern Pacific Company informing them of
the plan to issue $100,000,000 of prefer
red stock was not distributed until af
ter the close of business on Saturday.
Unfortunately, the document doe's not
contain anything that might win the
support of dissatisfied stockholders
who have already expressed disapprov
al of the plan. On the contrary, the
bald resolutions of the board of direct
ors is presented, stating in effect that
th« capital stock will be increased one
million by the issue of one million
chares of preferred stock and that the
holders of this stock shall be entitled
"to dividends at such rate, not exceed
ing seven per cent, as shall be declared
by the board of directors." The reso
lution goes on to say that the stock
ehall be convertible into common stock,
ehare for share, at any time,
and shall be redeemed at the option of
the company after July 1, liK)5, for five
years at {115 a ehare.
In these days of distrust of financial
operations of any magnitude, it would
teem highly advisable for the manage*
ment askiug its stockholders to author
ize an Issue of JlOO.OuO.OOO in preferred
obligations to make some statement of
the condition of the company and the
purposes for which the stock is issued.
In the Southern Pacific circular, how
ever, the stockholders are asked to era
power the directors to sell or issue
$100,000,000 of preferred stock in such a
manner and at such times as the di
rectors may authorize or determine.
There is no statement made giving the
*xtent of the floating debt of the com
pany to pay which, it Is generally be
lieved, the new plan has been launched.
Neither is it definitely stated what divi
dends the preferred stock will pay.
The stock is non-cumu:ative, and it
may so happen that if the exigencies of
the occasion demand two per cent of
Hie preferred stock or the limit, seven
per cent, may be had at the direction
of the board of directors. Further,
.stockholders are not Informed how
much stock is to be issued in the im
mediate future.
EpecUl DUP&tch to The Call.
The interior of the dining car which
was most badly damaged was bespat
tered with food and the furniture was
a mass of debris. The cars were new
and so constructed as to make it al
most Impossible to telescope them.
VINCENNES. Ind.. Juna 19.—Thun
dering down a steep grade to-day at
the rate of ninety miles an hour, a
Baltimore and Ohio passenger train
ran through an open switch, col
liding with a freight train and re
sulting, in the injury to over sixteen
persons, three of whom may die.
The seriously Injured: John Eisen
hart. aged 9; L. W. "Wltner, Cincin
nati; Ed Mason.
The severely Injured include Rer.
M. M. Porter, Vlncennes, Ind.; Captain
George "VV. Van Dusen. artillery corps,*
Fort Leavenworth, Kans.. and C. W.
Brown, Dallas, Tex., besides both fire
men and the engineer of the freight
train.
Vice Admiral Kamimura's squadron
was lying off Tsu Island when the
raiding Russians reached Okino Island.
Kamlmura immediately started In pur
suit of the enemy, but rains obscured
the sea, and an electrical storm Inter- ;
fered with hjs system of wireless tele
graphy. Vice Admiral Kamimura is a
splendid officer, and the only possible
Indictment against him is one of lack
of good luck.
The Japanese generally magnify the
Importance of this Russian raid, which
has no material effect upon the war.
It was a desperate venture, and it is
believed here to have succeeded cmly
through blind luck.
The Yawata and the Ansei, two sail
ing ships, were sunk by the Russians
on Thursday between Ko Island and
Okushlri Island, off the west' coast of
Yezo and north of the Tsugaru Strait.
Thirty-seven survivors reached K ?ashi
on Thursday afternoon. This makes a*
total of five Japanese ships sunk or
destroyed by the Russian raiders.*' '
The raid of the Vladivostok squadron
has brought an unwarranted amount
of criticism upon Vice Admiral Kami
mura from the Japanese, and his fail
ure to catch the Russians in the fog
off Gensan, Korea, when the Japanese
trasport Kinshiu was sunk on April
26, with a loss of about 200 men, has
been recalled. Some officials even de
clare that if Vice Admiral Kamlmura
falls to catch the Russian vessels be
fore they reach Vladivostok he should
either resign from the Navy or commit
suicide. The popular demand for hi3
replacement is growing, but the public
is without information as to the nature
of his orders or the plans of the naval
campaign, and fails to make allowance
for the limitations of conditions.
KAMIMURA OUT OF LUCK.
It is Impossible to obtain complete
facts concerning the Binking of the
Hitashi. She evidently failed to stop
when signaled to do so by a Russian
vessel. The claim la made that Cap
atin Campbell, the English master of
the Hitashi. refused to stop and plan
ned to ram the Russian, but this is de
nied. It is said that the Japanese offi
cers on board the Hitashi declined to
surrender and required Captain Camp
bell to keep his ship going. The asser
tion that the Russians nred upon the
lifeboats in which men were escaping
from the Japanese transport has not
been fully substantiated.
HITASHI REFUSES TO STOP.
The trasports Sado, Hitashi and Id
zumi were the only ones overhauled by
the Russians. Japan had thirteen
transports in and near the strait of
Korea on the morning the Sado and
the Hitashi were caught, and she was
fortunate that only the three ships
mentioned were overtaken by the ene
my.
Whether or not a portion of Vice
Admiral Kamimura's squadron is
awaiting the Russians off Vladivostok
is a carefully guarded secret. Assum
ing that Vice Admiral Kamlmura dis
patched some of his vessels to Vladi
vostok when he learned that the Rus
sian squadron was off Iki Island, these
ships would have had ample time to
arrive there ahead of the Russians
and be ready to give battle. The
weather has been foggy, and this con
dition has been against the Japanese.
It is reported that the raiding Rus
sians captured a British steamship
laden with coal, bound southward from
the Island of Yezo, and sent her to
Vladivostok with a prize crew, but the
report Is not confirmed by .the Japanese
Navy Department.
TOKIO, June 19. — The remarka
ble raid of the Russian Vladivo
stok squadron evidently is oven The
squadron disappeared yesterday off
Cape HenashJ, steering to the north,
and has not been reported since. It
is assumed to be returning to
Vladivostok.
The Japanese steamer Maiko was
fired upon by the Russians on June
16, but escaped to Tsu Island.
SQUADRON DISAPPEARS.
on February 20 for Sasebo, Japan, and
arrived there on May 2L)
NAGASAKI, June 19.— Three boat
loads of survivors of the Japanese
transport Idzumi, which was sunk by
the raiding Russian squadron off
Oshima on the morning of June 15
have arrived at Hakata. Twenty-two
other Burvivors have landed at
Maizuru.
The survivors declare that the
Idzumi was surrounded at 8 o'clock
the morning of the 15th by Russian
ships, and that the people on board
of her were transferred to the Rus
sian armored cruiser Gromoboi, after
which the tra.nsport was shelled and
sunk. The persons removed from the
Japanese ship, numbering 108 all told,
were confined below on board the
Gromoboi. During the afternoon of
the next day, while off Okino Isjand,
twenty-two non-combatants were
transhipped to the Japanese vessel
Unko. The Gromoboi then proceeded
to the north.
"The master of the American bark
James Johnson, from Shanghai, re
ports that on the morning of June 18
his ship was stopped by Russian cruis
ers at the western entrance to the
Tsugaru Straits and searched. After
being detained for two hours the cap
tain was ordered to proceed."
He, and Not Nodzu,
the Commander
at Telissu.
Speech by Japanese
Attache Angers
Cassini.i
Magistrate Delivers an Im
pressive Speech, Taking
Patriotism as His Theme
Afek for Approval of Share
Owners Without Explain
ing Need of $100,000,000
Passengers Thrown About
and Three of the Travelers
. Sustain Serious Injuries
CRASHES INTO FREIGHT
DIRECTORS WANT POWER
MAKES OBSERVATIONS
NANSHAN HILL
HERO ADDS TO
HIS LAURELS
Nation's Chief Dedicates
the Project Outlined for
Memorial at Valley Forge
Stockholders of Southern Pa
cific Receive Little In
formation About Stock
Baltimore and Ohio Train
Kims Into Open Switch
at Foot of Steep Grade
EMBASSADOR
OF THE CZAR
IS INDIGNANT
NOTICE GIVES
BUT BALD NEWS
SIXTEEN HURT
IN COLLISION
GIVES ADDRESS
ON SACRED SPOT
GENERAL OKU THE VICTOR IN TWO GREAT BATTLES
WITH THE RUSSIANS ON THE SOIL OF MANCHURIA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 20,- 1904.
Captures Allenton With a Goal Gafgo Aboard
Off the Coast of Japan.
VLADIVOSTOK SQUADRON MAKES
PRIZE OF BRITISH STEAMSHIP
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
3
• ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dyspepsia
and other stomach trouble*
quickly relieved and in most cases
surely cured by the use of
a %t
This scientific jrermidde is abso-
lutely harmless ; it subdues the
inflammation of the mucous mem-
brane of the stomach, and by re-
moving the cause, effects a cure.
Used and recommended by leading phy-
sicians. Take no substitute and see that
each bottle bears tny signature. Trill size,
• l.OO, at drujjffists or oy mail, from . /. „ . V
eiOPrioceSt. - - New York.
Send for Booklet Bow to Treat Duxate*.
h visit DR. JORDAN'S oreat4
*tl(ISEUB OF fiNSTQIiW
Q Cd '^ r -iiij.tzi:v:.itYi,'.u-^,z,r.'.:\. A
fj — »»fc.a- World. »6a».mt or tmy ennrractert A
fZjJt'M «i*«»v *>««m»riy rmrmi I y thr oldtlt T
O /2E3I i>P«"»"»: oa the Cou^ li,t. 36 r e»r». ©
A hjgfih CS. JCRDAH-D'SEASES OF KEN A
A I TiW P • r<*»rtner.i prnoui'T or br Inter. A A
* H II *1 W ***"** Omr * •» ""* «** onJerakem. T
A P « U & Wr " e *"» K*"* 1 - '¦•«-•¦«¦•¦¦•» mt A
X J\ iL valuable b«ok for nrn ; \
0 ca JOQD1X •* CO.. 1031 Market Nt..S. p. Q
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GTT-tUAITTEED CUTOS FOB MEJT.
EA-EilLESS IH JECTIOrr. Cures ordinary
cases In a Tew days. Warranted to euro
worst cases. NO OTEE2 TREATMENT
KEQUTKED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. PREVENTS CO2STAOZON. Harm-
less. J2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
T. S. KELLT'8 FH A KM ACT. 102 Eddy.
|ASTHMANOLA|
Is tlxc only core for Nervous aafi
Bronchial ASTHTffA.
Your Druggiki or at tab iiAHJHT BT..
£aa Francisco. Cat.
How would it do fpr you:
grocer to sell poor stuff or dear
stuflf as he sells Schilling ':
Best?
Moneyb?'***'
ADVERTISEMENTS. •
Suits to Order HO to $ 35 >A .
A Few Words About a Guarantee llyL
And What* \X> Means In Our Store fs^^plffiii^
The word "guarantee" is used and abused by almost every store in the
land. It is a good word, but it means nothing unless it is backed up. Mere
promise is valueless unless it is followed by performance.
In our store "guarantee" means just what Noah Webster defined it to
5 e —the act of doing what you say you will do. /H^^mHP^
For instance, in our tailoring department we say to a customer: "If ' ffK^^^^^^^^.
this suit does not please you in every way let us make you another one. ¦ ' M^^^B^^i^^M
But we will not even put you to. this bother if you would rather have your «^p^^|^fi$|i^p
Any customer of our store is entitled to free repairing, sponging and
pressing of his garments from the day he first puts them on until he lays S^SB|^S^f
them aside after having done their full duty. ijlflsk - '^
This is our guarantee and we back it up. || BH»*.S"T&Sf
Let us show you the suits we make to order from $10 to $35. You
will find a pleasing pattern at the price, you wish to pay, and incidentally you li^^B^ft^W •
will save from $5 to $10 on your purchase. lliliH 1111111.
Suits satisfactorily made to order for out-of-town customers. IIsBB S^B
Write for self-measuring blaiik and samples. ¦ . •' l||f|| «HP$3250;. home on Woolsey street, Mr.
Gonzales, $2600; home on Sixty-first
street. R. J. Sully, $2000; home on Six
ty-first street, Grace Irwin, $1700; home
on Grove street, Mrs. Bristol, $2600;
home on Ashby avenue, Mr. Dutton,
$2300.
Man's Body in the Bay.
OAKLAND, June 19. — The Coroner
was notified to-night that the body of
a man had been seen floating in the
bay near the Key Route pier. Dark
ness compelled Deputy Coroner Henry
Quellen* to abandon his search for the
corpse until to-morrow.
Postmaster Darkle Returns.
OAKLAND, June 19. — Thomas T.
Dargie, Postmaster of Oakland, re
turned to-day from a trip to the To
semite Valley with his family. The
outing was very beneficial to Mr.-Dar
gle's health.
OAKLAND, June 19. — Policeman
Sherry returned to-night from Stock
ton with Larle Pearson (colored), 17
years old, who is charged with stealing
a bicycle from L. M. Wheeler, 527
Thirty-sixth street. Pearson tried to
sell the wheel in Stockton and was ar
rested. ?
Alleged Bicycle Thief Taken.
SANTA ROSA, June 19. — A' new
charter was adopted last evening at
a meeting of a board of fifteen free
holders, who .were recently elected to
frame the document. It will now be
submitted to the people at a special
election, and It Is believed the charter
will be ratified. For many years past
Santa Rosa has been' laboring at a
disadvantage under the provisions of
a charter adopted in 1878, and -which
has prevented the proper. progress of
the town. Two previous- freeholder
charters have . been submitted to the
people, the first being defeated at the
polls because of unpopular provisions,
and the second failed to carry with
the necessary two-thirds provision be
cause it was submitted at a general
election and many citizens failed to
vote either for or against its adoption
while voting the political tickets of the
two parties
New Instrument Is Adopted by Free
holders and Will Now Be Sub
mitted to the People. •
SANTA ROSA READY
FOR A NEW CHARTER
Commander to Visit Oakland.
OAKLAND, June 19. — Charles T.
Thomas, department commander of
the Grand Army of the Republic in
California and Ne\ada, will pay an of
ficial visit to this city on next Tuesday
evening. He will address the mem
bers of the various local posts at Lor
ing Hall. This Is the first official visit
of the department commander to Oak
land.
Orders were recently issued warning
the trainmen to proceed slowly when
near, that section, but the conductors
have paid little If any heed to it.
A wrecking train and crew was sent
from. Oakland had the tracks
cleared by noon. Neither the east nor
west bound Sacramento locals passed
here to-day, and the overlands went by
way of Martinis
BENICIA, June 19.— A spreading rail
on a spur at Sprig, near Benlcia, at 5
o'clock this morning, derailed eight
cars of freight train No. 201 The train,
in charge of Conductor J. H. Hughes,
left Benlcia east bound at 4:15.
A sink caused the rails to spread, and
though the engine and first few cars
passed safely the next seven were
thrown Into a slough and demolished.
Two of the cars were loaded with oil,
and the others with furniture."
A tramp who was beating his way
was slightly cut about the head and
shoulders by. being thrown against a
telegraph pole. \
Seven Freight Cnrs Are Demolished
Hcnieia and the Contents
Are Lost.
RAILS SPREAD AND
'CAUSE AN ACCIDENT
• The members of the committee in
charge of the arrangements for th«*
minstrel show are: D. T. Reynolds, J.
V. Fltzsimmons, J. F. Cone, D. Ken
nedy, J. L. Flynn, J. T. Kearney, J. S.
Sheehan, P. N. Nicholas and J. B.
Doling.
OAKLAND, June 19. — The mem
bers of Company N, League of the
Cross Cadets, will give their annual
minstrel show on Thursday evening,
July 7, at St. Francis Hall at the cor
ner of Twenty-first and Grove streets.
The cadets have arranged a number of
new features for the entertainment
this year, and are already at work on
the programme.
Members of Company N Will Enter
tain Their Friends on Thursday
Evening, July 7.
CADETS ARRANGE FOR
ANNUAL MINSTREL SHOW
The Presbyterian Cadet Corps, of
Oakland, the Second Alameda Com
pany of the Boys' Brigade, the Fruit
vale Cadet Corps, the Starr King Ca
det Corps of Oakland and the Cavalry
Reserve. .. :
OAKLAND, June 19. — The members
of the Juvenile military organizations
connected with various churches in
Oakland, ALameda and Fruitvale left
Oakland yesterday afternoon for a
veek'* camping at Duncan Mills In
Sonoma County. The name chosen
for the camp is Camp Reveille. It
¦will be conducted under military regu
lations, with 6trlct observance of dis
cipline.
Many friends of the members of the
companies accompanied the youthful
Boldiers and they will establish an
auxiliary military camp near Camp
Reveille. The members of the follow
ing: organizations are taking part in
the <iutir.tr:
Members of Military Organizations of
Alameda County Churches Will
Enjoy Week's Outing.
' The pallbearers were Victor H. Met
calf, R. M. Fitzgerald. Dr. W. S. Por
ter, John Yule, William H. Church and
E. C. Prather. The body was inciner
ated at the Oakland Crematory.
The. officers in charge were George
Frl?k, acting president; Rod W.
Church, acting past president, and L.
N: Cobbledick, acting first vice presi
dent. Music was rendered by the Oak
land Masonic Quartet, composed of
Alfred Wllke, D. M. Lawrence, H. W.
Patrick and William Nielsen.
OAKLAND, June 19.— Funeral ser
vices over the late George L. Nus
baumer, for many years official Sur
veyor of Alameda County and one of
the first American Native Sons of Cali
fornia, were held this afternoon at the
residence of his sister, Mrs. Welles
Whltmore, 1115 Jefferson street. The
services were conducted by Oakland
Parlor- No. 50, Native Sons of the
Golden West.
the Funeral of the Iiate George
L. Nusjbanmer.
Oakland Parlor No. 50 Officiates at
OAKLAND, June 19. — The directors
of the Reliance Athletic Club will meet
on Tuesday evening to take up the
various projects that are in hand for
the improvement of the club's con
veniences for members. This Includes
the establishing of steam baths, hot
room and' other facilities for the use of
members in athletic exercises. It is
contemplated to renovate the locker
system to arrange rooms for the con
venience of members who desire a
quiet nook for reading and smoking.
The directors contemplate a general
overhauling and renovation of the club
apartments and gymnasium.
Along the line of changes the hoard
will also settle the question of aublish
ing open professional fights. The in
tention is to provide amateur contests
for members only. The scheme of Im
provement that has been mapped out
looks toward the revival of Interest
In the club life, which has been grow
ing- steadily for more than a. year.
The board expects to increase the
membership roll materially during the
next twelve months.
Directors' Programme Includes a Gen
eral Overhauling and Bettering of
Facilities for Members' Use.
YOUNG SOLDIERS IN CAMP
IX SONOMA COUNTY
PLAN IMPROVEMENTS
AT RELIANCE CEUR
NATIVE SONS HONOR
A DEPARTED BROTHER
OAKLAND, June 19. — Yesterday
afternoon was "children's day" at the
midsummer carnival which is being
held in Idora Park and the little folks
were admitted free at the main gate
of the carnival. The children of the
various orphan asylums of this city
were the especial guests of Manager
Nat Reis of the Southern California
Carnival Company and as such the
doors of every concession and show on
the ground were open to them.
The midsummer carnival has be
come very popular since the opening
Monday night and the people of Oak
land are visiting Idora Park In stead
ily Increasing numbers. The carnival
will continue every afternoon and
evening the coming week.
Inmates of Oakland Orphan Asylums
Attend as Guests of Manager
Nat Relss.
CHILDREN'S DAY AT THE
MIDSUMMER CARXIVA^i
BERKELEY, June 19.— Berkeley
Lodge No. 270, I. O. O. F., and the
Berkeley Lodge of Rebekahs united
this evening in memorial services in
honor of members of the fraternities
who have passed away within the last
two years. The services were held in
Odd Fellows' Hall, which was appro
priately decorated for the occasion.
A large audience gathered there and
the following programme was carried
out: Organ hoIo, J. V. Enquist; prayer.
Hew B. "L>. Naylor; song, Lillie Quar
tet; solo. Miss Josephine Smith; me
morial address, Redmond C. Staats;
boIo, Miss Josephine Smith; address.
Rev. Mr. Naylor; song, Lillie Quartet;
benediction, Rev. Mr. Naylor. The
«J**ad in honor of whom the services
v ere held were Past Grand Joseph
Chappie, Past Grand Mangels Kuhl
ken. W. C. Ellis, Frank B. Thompson.
Dr. Joseph S. Eastman, J. J. Schwake,
J. All^n McDonald and Miss Alice
Iiowena Pratt.
Lnnr«* Audirnce Attend* Memorial Ser
vice**, Where Impressive Pro
gramme Is Rendered.
ODD FEIJX)\YS VNITE
TO HONOR THEIR DEAD
Alameda County Parlors Will Arrange
for Fittlnc Observance of
Admission Day.
OAKLAND. June 19. — The Native
Sons of Alameda County are planning
a big celebration to be held in this
city on Admission day, September. 9,
and the various parlors of Oakland,
Berkeley and Alameda have appointed
committees to act jointly in arranging
for the affair. L. X. Cobbledick has
been elected president and E. F.
Garrison secretary of the Joint or
ganization. The Board of Trade and
the Merchants' Exchange will be
asked to co-operate with the Native
Sons in making the celebration a suc
cess.
The members of the committees
appointed by the various Alameda
County parlors are:
Athena Parlor No. 105— E. F. Oarriion, E.
G. Bu«%»ejl, A. E. Colbcy.
Berkeley No. 210— S. J. Wrlgrht.
Alameda No. 47— A. F. Souea, II. Vtnta
g»n.
Piedmont No. 120— D. Crawford, J. J. Me-
Elrr.y, Daniel I'shr.
Halcyon No. 146 — C. W. Vantag-an, H. D.
Perry.
Oakland No. 50— U N. Cobbledick, George
R. EtetBon, M. Fallmer.
Brooklyn No. 151— H. A. Sagehorn, C. K.
Towrmend, H. C. Henklns. •
NATIVE SOWS TO CELEBRATE
BIRTHDAY OF THE STATE
Children's day was celebrated this
evening at Calvary Baptist Church,
by the Rev. M. Slaughter, pastor.
J. M. Glass of Pasadena delivered an
address this evening at Chester-street
Mfthodist Church.
The Rev. John Thompson, superin
tendent of the California Bible Society,
preached this morning at the Thlrty
fourth-ftre<»t Methodist Church.
children's day was appropriately ob
served this morning by the Sunday
k hool of Market-street Congregational
Church.
The Rev. J. B. Travis from Roches
ter, N. T., preached this morning at
Twenty-third-avenue Baptist Church,
where he had formerly been superin
tendent of the Sunday school. The an
nual children's day exercises were held
this evening by the Sunday school.
During the summer the choir of the
First Methodist Churrh will be com
posed of C. A. Smith, leader; Mrs. Car
ter. Miss Grace Loeh. Miss Beatrice
Needham. Eugene Rowlands and
George B. M. Gray, with Walter Han
dH Thorley as organist.
The Rev. F. J. Mynard, formerly rec
tor of St. John's Episcopal Church,
will occupy the pulpit of St. Paul's
Church during the vacation of the rec
tor, the Rev. Charles T. Walkley.
The Rev. K. E. Baker, pastor of the
Firft Presbyterian Church, preached
his last eermon before vacation to
day.
Children's service was held this even
ing at Centennial Presbyterian Church,
the Rev. R. C. Stone, the pastor, offi
ciating.
•The Holy City." This was the last
choral cervire befcrre the summer va
cation. The pastor, the Rev. II. J.
Vosburgh. has commenced a series of
Sunday morning sermons on "Old Tes
tament Prophets and Their Messages
to Modern Life." The ohurch has be
pun a shareholding campaign to lift
ih« $60,000 debt on the new site and
edifice. The amount has been divided
into 1000 share?, and members <tf the
church, with outsiders who can be in
terested, will be invited to purchase
them.
At the First Baptist Church this
evening the choir of forty voices sang
The Men's League of Trinity Episco
pal Church has been organized to unite
the men of the parish in social, reli
gious and intellectual pursuits. The
officers are: President, Dr. Benjamin
P.akewell; vice president, John Gwilt;
secretary, G. D. Reynolds; treasurer,
l,<-o 11. Weil. Monthly meetings will
be held.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 19.
The waste from the leak was bo
great that the water pressure was
perceptibly noticeable to residents in
the vicinity. For some time it was
impossible to get water In the second
story of a dwelling because of the
lack of pressure.
It was shortly after 6 o'clock that
the break occurred. Before the re
pair gang arrived thousands of gal
lons of water had poured as if from a
great gushing geyser and had formed
a swiftly running stream the full
width of the 100 feet of roadway
across the dam. The early morning
street cars could barely make their
way through the flood. For a time
there was serious danger that >he
railroad tracks would be washed out.
The water tore along to Kendall's boat
house on the north side of the high
way and washed out a section of the
new fill west of that structure. The
catch basins were entirely inadequate
to carry off the heavy flow, so much
of the wasted water found its way over
the banks into the lake on the one
side and the outlet into the estuary
on the opposite side of the roadway.
As. rapidly as possible the water
company rounded up a repair crew
and the men were dispatched to the
scene of the break. After several
hours' work the rupture in the heavy
wrought iron piping was found and
steps «were taken to mend the injury.
Like an ebullient geyser did a
stream of water shoot from the
ground this morning at Twelfth and
Fallon streets and pour with millrace
speed down to the dam, sweeping
hundreds of feet of the top dressing
of macadam into Lake Merritt and the
catch basin outlets. The torrent was
caused by the bursting of the Contra
Costa Water Company's big twenty
four-inch main that crosses on the
south side of Twelfth street dam
from East Oakland.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 19.
Ministers and Choirs Ar
range to Have Places
Filled for the Summer
Pours Like a Torrent Un
checked Through the Wide
Highway Skirting Lake
VACATION IS AT HAND
CAUSES MUCH DAMAGE
Parishioners Organize for
Promotion of Religious,
Social and Mental Effort
Fluid From Twenty-Four
Inch Conduit Washes Out
Twelfth-Street • Eoadway
TRINITY'S MEN
FORM SOCIETY
LARGE WATER
MAIN BURSTS
SANTA CRUZ, June 19. — Colonel
Power and staff of ten officers
of the League 'of the Cross were
the guests of the new Santa Cruz com
mittee to-day. They, came to select a
site for the State encampment of the
League of th^ Cross. They were enter
tained at dinner at the Casino. The lo
cation for the camp is adjoining the
tented city. In former years their drill
ground was Dolphin Park, where the
tented city Is now located, but It will
this year be east of the camp ground.
League of Cross Camp Ground.
LIVERMORE, June 19.— Livermore Is
going to have such a Fourth of July as
this valley has never seen before. The
committees at work have more than
J1QO0 already collected, and have ar
ranged a series of capital attractions
for the day.
There will be all the usual features
of parades, orations, literary exercises,
fireworks and noise, and in addition
there will be several events that are
not usually on the programmes of the
nation's birthday celebrations. There
will be horse races, with a series of
athletic contests, for prizes, and chief
among the attractions will be the
"bronco busting" match, with a real girl
"bronco buster."
The committee in charge of the ath
letic events decided to give a substan
tial priae for the best "bronco bust
ing" exhibition. There, are plenty of
untamed horses in the hills back of
Livermore, and there are many cow
boys in the town. The committee, how
ever, wanted some outside talent, and
therefore circulated their offers all
through the San Joaquin Valley. The
result is that entries for this unique
event have been received from as far
ST. LOJJIS, June 19.— The following
Californians have registered at the ex
position: ,
San Francieco— J. W« Cofran, Mrs. J. W.
Corran. Edwin A. Barnes. Mrs. E. A. Barne*.
Florence Murphy, Frank T. Shortall. Mr*. C.
F Hclin, Esther Helin Fred Helln. Charles
llelin. Mrs. I. B. Williams. Captain Charles
Lyman Bent. Mrs. C. L. Hent. D. S. Hirsh
berg. N. P. Cole Jr.. Mm. N. P. Cole. Rohta
Conelller and wife, O. A. Baker. L. C. Babin.
Mrs L C. Bahln. Miss Mae Sehnur. Mrs. Joe
Levy J. H. Sohnur. W. W. Chase. Myrtle Gll
llam Helen Cochrane. Edpar R. Bryant, Wil
liam' J. Miller. Jegse W. Lilienthal. Mrs. J. W.
Lllienthal. Master Lilienthal. H. W. Foster.
Mrs H. W. Foster. Louisiana Scott Foster.
Paul Scott Foster Benjamin B. Foster. Emily
A. Wilcox, Charles Bllm. Mm. Weber, Tresa
Frurmuth, Julia Weber. Mrs. Louise H. Smith.
Verm* L> Morse, W. E. Holcomb. Mrs. Julia
Richmond. Walter H. Darby, K. L. Knowles,
Joseph A Robles, W. S. Keyes. Henry Wolk-
Jpg. Mrs. Wolklng Hugo B. Relchenbach.
San Jo6« — Mr«. O. W. Hoffman. O. W. Hoff
man, Myra A. Falrfield. Miran P. Falrfleld.
Mrs. K G Felnen. Dr. J. W. Davy. Mrs. J.
W. Davy, Dorothy Davy. Donald Davy,
Louis Barry, Henrietta M. Wilder. Mrs. A. E.
Wilder. Mrs M. T. Brower, Mrs. Josephine
Gardner Mrs. H. A. Blanchard. H. A. Blan
chard. Miss Rosa E. Gardner.
Berkeley— Louise Kldder, Zenie Kldder. LJda
Coddlngton. S. B. Christy. Robert H. Smill*.
Charles T. Doiier. Miss Emma S. Flant.
Alameda— J. G. Hoyt. Dr. F. W. Browning.
John T Byrne. Harry W. Mason. Mrs. Arthur
Mahon. S. J. Shannon. Mrs. 8. J. Shannon,
Marie Shannon. „ ¦
Auburn— E. A. Francis. J. B. Francis, J. H.
"resn'o— J Wilbur Cate. Jennie A. Cmte, R.
M. Bostwtck. Edna A. Babcock.
Santa Barbara— Lawrence Doerr. Louis H.
Doerr. Mrs. Phillip Doerr. -
Selma— Iowa Shlflett, George Shlflett, L. D.
Oakland— VirgH B. Evans, C. C. Evans.
F.dtth Rlckley, I. Rickley. M. Ransch. Mrs.
J. C. Bullock. F. M. Ray, Mrs. P. Sweeney,
"sunford University — Grace E. Stanford.
a Eurek*^C. G. 'Stafford, Mrs. Stafford. Miss
lulsrn— Mrs. Theodore Scheumann, Theodore
SC Lincofn 1 — H: P. Sartain. Mrs. II. P. Sartaln.
Cmtario— George Dundas. S. L. Mabon.
Mls-ellaneous points — Levitt W. Reneschler.
Sacramento; E. Pine. Ethel Pine. Santa. Rosa;
John Whltmore. Weawville. George S. Rice,
Redwood; Mra. F. A. Wilcox Santa Clara;
Mrs H. L. Kooeevett. San Rafael; Frank
Baker Ocean Park; Mrs. A. Berdlng. Fern
dale- H. S. Pemlng. Mrs. H. S. Demlng. Miss
Josephine Deming. Santa Crux; Mrs. C. S.
Danks. Holllster: C. A. Wilben, Fruitvale.
Fair Registers Contain the Names of
Large Number of Persons From
the Golden State.
EX POSITION IS VISITED
BY MANY CALIPX)RXIAXS
PERSOXAL.
Dr. J. W. Stitt and wife of Vacavllle
are at the Palace.
Dr. W. L. Burks of Fresno Is reg
istered at the Lick.
George R. Stewart, a rancher of
Crows Landing, is at the Lick.
George L. Paine and wife, promi
nent residents of Boston, are staying
at the Palace.
Amon-r yesterday's arrivals at the
Lick was Stewart McDonald, a min
ing man of Tonopah.
W. L. Bechtel. who ia connected
with the electric light companv of
Reno, is at the Grand.
C. R. Wager of Chicago, one of the
Pullman Car Company's superintend
ents, and his wife are at the Cali
fornia.
Glynne Williams and wife of Ar
gentina, who are on a pleasure tour of
this country, arrived at the Palace
yesterday.
Major Josef Hammar of Stockholm,
a surgeon in the Swedish army, who is
accredited by his Government as
military attache to the Japanese army
at the front, arrived at the Palace yes
terday on his wav to the Orient. Al
though Japan has repeatedly declined
to permit the military representatives
of various foreign nations to go to the
front with her troops. Major Hammar
said last evening that his Government
was assured on the eve of his de
parture that he would be immediately
permitted to join the Japanese army
on arriving In the Orient.
Late Shipping: Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. June i».
Bark Martha Davis; McAlmon. 23 days from
Hllo.
Schr Mary C Campbell, 9 hours from Hodega.
Stmr Centennial, Strand. 73 hours from
Seattle. '*¦ ; <
SAILED.
Sunday. June 19.
Stmr Urnatilla, Nopander. Victoria, via Port
Townsend.
DOMESTIC POUTS.
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed June 19 — Kr bark.
Ventura, for Melbourne.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived June 20— Stmr Kaiser
'llhelm II. from New York, and proceeded.
This celebration will be participated
in by all of the surrounding towns.
Haywards will send a baseball team
to compete with the Livermore team.
Pleasanton has appointed a special
committee to work with the Livermore
committees, and the horse town will
send pome first-class animals to take
part In the races. San Jose will send
a company of militia to unite with
Company I of Livermore, and many
towns in Contra Costa and San Joaquin
counties will j»end delegatlpns to enjoy
the day'and to take part in the events.
Tracy. Byron, Walnut Creek and Dan
ville will all be represented.
Supervisor C. F. Horner has given
$200 to the celebration fund. Postmas
ter T. E. Knox will be chairman of the
day and Dave McDonald will be grand
marshal of the parade.
away as San Bernardino County. Mo
desto has furnished the only woman
competitor. Manuela Lopez of that
city has written that she will take
part. She agrees to compete with any
and all cowboys, without fear or favor.
All that she asks Is that, she be given
just as difficult an animal to conquer
as is possible to be found In the Liver
more hills.
TOI.'NG WOMAN WHO WILL IMPERSONATE TUB GODDESS OF LIBERTY ON
THE FOURTH OF JULY AND PROMINENT CITIZEN; WHO IS CHAIRMAN
OV COMMITTEE OF ARRANGEMENTS FOR LIVERMOHE CELEBRATION.
• Each group of these wild people consists
of about forty. ' Their dwellings are exact
reproductions of their Philippine hom«a. With
each family have been brought all the house
hold utennils. looms, field implements, weap
ons of war and of the chase. Among the In
teresting parts of the exhibit Is a large vil
lage cf Visayans. Christlanos who occupy the
roast areas of practically all the islands south
of Luzon. It is this group that developed the
most wonderful fabrics of the archipelago.
Jusi and pina, the manufacture of which will
be perfectly represented in the village.
Librarian Rowell has Just completed esti
mates showing that there ai«e more than 122,
(Hirt volumes «>n the. shelves of the library. In
1>»98 there were only ~2.<><*> volumes there.
gn that there has been a gain of 60,000 books
within six years, or about 83tt> a year. In
thosa six years there has eeen some loss
through thefta and destruction, but the libra
rian bel'.eves that this will not amount to
more than 1200.
BERKELEY. June 19.— Trie nniver»ity ha*
received from Albert Ernest Jenks, chief of
th« Ethnological Survey for the Philippine
Islands and superintendent of the Philippine
exhibit pt th«> World's Fair at St. Louts, an
invitation to send a member of the faculty to
Sstudy the various groups of Philippine people
at th? exposition. There are in all sixteen
groups of these primitive people of the Is
lands, exhibiting various stages of civiliza
tion and intellectual development. The pur
pose of the exhibit is that the American peo
ple may have a clearer idea of the Philippine
peoples and Philippine problems than they
could have without visiting the archtpelano.
that scientists of the United States may have
an opportunity to study some of the mmt
primitive people living, and that the Fili
pinos themselves may learn to believe In the
sincerity, wisdom, foresight and power of the
Americans. •
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
"W. G. Xevin. son of the former
manager of the Santa Fe road; E. T.
Stimson, a prominent young lumber
man. and John Llewellyn, a capitalist,
all of Los Angeles, arrived Isere late
Saturday night from Los Angeles.
having Journeyed the entire distance
from the south in an automobile. They
are on their way to Seattle, for which
they will leave to-morrow or Wednes
day. The trip Is mainly for pleasure
and was arranged by Stimson, who
imported from the East Emil Gun
ther, an experienced chauffeur, to
handle the automobile. The party
left Los Angeles a week ago Thursday,
traveling most of the distance at
about forty miles an hour, and mak
ing stops at various points, among
them Santa Barbara, San Bernardino.
Monterey and San Jose. They reached
Oakland late Saturday night after a
run of an hour and ten minutes from
the Garden city. Only one mishap
was experienced during the journey
from Los Angeles and that was due
to a disarrangement of the machinery,
which delayed the party thirty-six
hours. The travelers hope to reach
Portland in about twenty days and will
remain there only a few hours before
proceeding on to Seattle. It is their in
tention to return to Los Angeles by
rail and ship their machine back to
Southern California, unless they de
cide to continue on their travels
through the Northwest.
Three Prominent Residents of Los
Angeles Arrive Here En Route to
the Northern City.
TRAVELING TO SEATTLE
IN AN AUTOMOBILE CAR
H. D. Irwin, the South Berkeley real
estate man. has sold a number of
houses and lots lately in his part of the
town. None of the houses are very ex
pensive, but they are to be occupied by
families who will add much to the tone
and wealth of the place. There is a
marked Improvement in the style of
architecture in South Berkeley, and this
is, drawing people of taste and some
means In that direction. Among the
transactions Irwin has lately nego
tiated are the following sales; Home
on Sixty- third street to John Thomson,
$2000: home on Grove street, Mrs. Kab
ler, $2750: home on Essex street, M.'A.
McColloster, \ $2700: j home on • Stuart
street, Mr. Maher, $2500;. home on Alca
traz avenue, Mr. Brittan, $2700; home
on Harper street, Marion G. Brown,
{2600; home on Stuart street, M. Myers,
BERKELEY, June 19.— Berkeley is
likely to get very soon what it needs
almost more than anything else— a hos
pital. Recent accidents. In which there
was no place at hand to receive the
victims, demonstrated that the city is
woefully lacking In hospital facilities.
These accidents have furnished an ob
ject lesson to the townspeople, and the
result is a movement, to establish a
sanitarium. A corporation Is In pro
cess of formation and efforts are mak
ing to acquire the old Hume property,
with its fine mansion, on Dwight way,
so that it may be turned Into a shelter
for sick and Injured persons. The ne
gotiations with Mrs. Bessie Hume, who
owns the property, are being carried
on by W. R. Ellis & Co., the real estate
men. It Is understood that _when the
transaction is completed $2^000 will
change hands. The Hume residence is
well located for such a purpose, and
it is proposed to spend at least $5000
on equipment of the sixteen rooms con
tained within It. N
'HOSPITAL FOR BERKELEY.
The Realty Syndicate, through Its
agents, Wickham Havens, J. H. Spring,
George Sterling and F. C. Havens,
have recently purchased 147 acres of
tide land on the Berkeley shore, just
south of Flemings Point. The deeds
are signed by H. F. and Frederica M.
Teschemacher, Joseph H. and Agnes
H. Howard, E. D. and Julia D. Bey
lard, and Henry P. Bowie. It is believ
ed that thp Realty Syndicate is simply
acting as the agent of some other cor
poration In making this important pur
chase, for, while the frontage forms an
excellent site for a railway terminal,
it is not thought that any of the cor
porations allied to the syndicate have
plans for a terminal at that point.
Holcomb, Breed & Bancroft of Oak
land report a very satisfactory business
for May, with a strong demand for cot
tages, to rent, and especially for fur
nished places. Latham Terrace, which
Is situated on the heights at the head
of Twenty-third avenue, is having a
ready sale, the prices being very low
owing to the closing up of an estate.
Never In the history of this city has
any tract caused so much stir and at
tention as the Santa Fe tract, between
Telegraph avenue and Adeline street
and running north from Forty-seventh
to Fifty-fifth street. Its proximity
to all the car lines and the excellent
service of the Key Route system has
made this particular tract prominent.
There are In course of construction ten
good houses, the owners of, which are
San Francisco business men. This firm
has put in all the street work, gas and
electric service and is beautifying the
streets with palm trees. Twenty lots
have been sold the last ten days.
The executive committee in charge
of the new tourist hotel project will
hold a meeting early next week. The
subscriptions already received will then
be reported. A number of communica
tions have been received by C. H. King,
the chairman, and Edwin Stearns, sec
retary, of the executive committee,
from dealers in granite, stone and other
building materials, in other parts of
the State, offering to furnish material
for the hotel and take stock in pay
ment. This Is proof that the proposal
to erect an up-to-date tourist hotel in
this city is arousing interest outside of
Oakland, and It also proves that busi
ness men believe the new enterprise
will be successful.
The excavating for the new five
story apartment building which is to
be erected on Broadway, just south of
the postofflce, has already begun. This
building will be constructed of brick,
iron and stone, and will be fireproof
throughout. The ground floor will be
used for stores, and the four upper
ones will be divided Into apartments
with three or four rooms in each suite.
TOURIST HOTEL PLANS;
MANY XEW BUILDINGS.
Nearly one^hundred sets of plans for
new buildings were filed with Sanitary
Inspector Stewart F. Gemmel during
the month of May, fifty-eight of these
being for private dwellings, twenty
nine for flats and several for stores.
Plans for one bank and one cannery
were among those filed.
The construction work on the new
Union Savings Bank building, at
Broadway and Thirteenth street, has
practically been completed, and the
decorators are now at work on th?
first floor. The finishers have completed
their work in the Bacon block, and a
number of the offices are already occu
pied. All the stores on the ground
floor have been rented for some time.
Great activity in building operations
and many sales of Oakland property
to people from other parts of the Htate
and from the East have marked the
last month. This influx of outside cap
ital is one of the surest signs of pro
gress in this city. Within the last
quarter nearly twenty new firms have
been organized in Oakland, and seven
of these are already located in the new
Bacon block on Washington street.
During the present month the local
real estate market has been extremely
active. William J. Laymance, of the
Laymance Real Estate Company, says
that fully twenty-five per cent of the
sales of Oakland property made since
the first of June, and in fact during
the past year, have been made to new
comers, who were first attracted to the
Pacific. Coast by climatic conditions,
and after seeing the natural advan
tages offered by this city decided upon
Oakland as an ideal location for busi
ness • and residence.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 19.
He declared that his experience leads
him to believe more and more in the
eternal facts of religion, and that his
assurances he gets not from books, but
from people. '
Dr. Rader made passing reference to
his forthcoming journey abroad, and
said that his trip will be taken with
the object of getting new grist for his
mill, and that his visit to London will
be to study men and affairs.
Atheism, he said, has been driven
from the field, both by science and re
ligion.
There are three descriptions of non
churchgoers, said Dr. I Rader— the
thoughtless, the thoughtful and the in
different The thoughtless are losing
the grift of conviction, the thoughtful
are taking up many things outside the
church and the indifferent assume an
attitude of opposition.
"A Vlfw of the World aa Seen From
a Hun Francisco Pulpit" was the sub
ject of a sermon by the Rev. William
Itartcr at the Third Congregational
Church last evening. The edifice was
crowded with worshipers, and being the
last of Dr. Rader'B sermons prior to
his departure for London on a three
months' vacation there were many of
other denominations present, and after
the service they took occasion to bid
the doctor bon voyage.
Dr. Kader said that this age is better
than any other, and he gave it as his
opinion that people believe in religion
more than in theology — that they love
flowers better than they do botany, the
stars more than astronomy, life more
than dogma and like Christianity more
than they do the church. They believe
in God In some form.
Pastor Holds That People
Like Christianity More
Than They Do the Church
Committee Keceives Offers
of Building Material to
Be Paid for in Stock
Sarah F. and David W. Swain to Mollie
Henderson (single) lot on NW corner Wheeler
and Prince streete. "IV 82.3S by N 1C3: lota 14
and 13. block K. amended map E portion of
Newbury Tract In plat 51. R., V. and I>. Fer
aita. Berkeley; 910.
Dwlght Way Realty Company (corporation)
to S. D. Avers, lot on N line Dwight way. 3T.0
W of Mi! vi» street. W 40 by N 133; portion
lots 14 and 16. block C. amended map block
6 and 6, Barker Tract. Berkeley: $100.
Mary E. Raymond (widow) to Walter C.
Clark (single), lot 12. block D. property Berke
ley Homestead Association. Berkeley: 910.
Harriet K. Whlrlow (single) to McUaaa, A.
Albee (single) lot on NE corner Regent ani
Stuart streets. N 110 by W 140; lota 4 and S.
blM-k E. Berry-Bangs Traet. Berkeley; $1*.
Dwight Way Realty Company (corporation)
to T. E. Hampton, lot en N line of Dwight
way. 370 W of Mil via street W 40 by JI 135;
portion lota 1« and U. block *. amended map
of blocks 5 an i 0, Barker Tract, Berkeley;
9100.
Eralle C. and Marie Qnesnel t» Charles W. R.
and Katie E. ven Radesky. lot oa SW corner
San Joes avenue and O«k n«re«t. W 73 by S
150; lot 10 and portion lot 11. in E % block
P. lands adjacent to Enclnal. AlaraeHa:
910.
Charles W. p.. and Katie B. von Radesky
to Charles A. Bhattuck firarrie<r>. ata*; IJO.
Alameda County.
HATTTRDAY. JUN'E 18.
Andrew and Ida Graslund to Marts Made
line Lchmann, lot oa N line of Lydia street,
100 XV of West. W 25 by N 80:4. being por
tion of lot S. block O, Curtis and Williams
Traet. Oakland: fit).
Ileatrlce A. It. Htocker (single) to George T.
Trowbrldge lot on N line of Fifty-fifth street
(rarsona). iCO E of Park E 10O by M 01. lots
29 and 30, block C. GaskiU Tract; also lot 1.",.
block A, Paradise Park. Oakland: al.<K> lot en
8 line of Prince street. 250 E of Wheeler. E BO
by S 133. lot 6. block C. map part Woolsey
Tract. Berkeley; $10.
MtlllA E. and Orville P. Baldwin (husband*
and as attorney to Theresa Berka, lot oa E
corner of Woolsey and Deakin streets E 43.09
by 8 1X3. lot 1 block 2. map O. V. Baldwin .¦>
subdivision portion Woolaey Tract. Berkeley;
flOO.
Annie Mnran wlfa of Edward M., to G I.
Flti. lots 10 and 11. block 132. corrected map
of Avery Tract: affidavit of grantor as tn own
ership of subdivided property attached. Berke
ley: $1.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
VOICES NOVEL THOUGHT
INTEREST IN NEW HOTEL
Business 3Ien, From Other
Cities Invest in Real Es
tate in Alameda County
Dr. Kader Delivers Strong
Sermon on Eve of Going
on an Extended Vacation
OUTSIDERS BUY
OAKLAND HOMES
SAYS GOOD-BY
TO HIS FLOCK
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 20, 1904.
Preparing for the Parades, Oratory, Horse
Races, Athletics, Fireworks and "Bronco-
Busting" Match With a Girl Contestant
LIVERMORE LAYS IN GREAT STORE
OF FOURTH OF JULY ENTHUSIASM
4
QSAF&STUTS.
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on August
SO, 190-1, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should- not
fall to place their order Im-
mediately.
This 'splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of 50
cents per copy. Out of town
orders 25 cents additional to
cover prepayment of transporta-
tion charges.
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE AUGUST
30, 1904
BKAtfCH OFFICES
OF .THE CALL IN
ALA3IEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1011 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone Xorth 77.
ALAMKDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 55*.
Food for Thinkers
Grape=Nuts
because it's a
BHAIM
FOOD
Get th« little book. "The Road to
Wallrllle." in each pkr.
World's Fair exhibit, Bpace 103,
Aericultural Building".LEAVE GOOD HOMES TO
WORK AS SERVANTS
Dr. Flint was born in Maine and came
to California in 1851. becoming a promi
nent factor in the early history of the
State. He was a member of the well
known firm oC» Flint, Blxby & Co.,
which owned large holdings in the cen
tral and southern parts of the State,
besides large tracts of land In Wash
ington and Oregon. Dr. Flint was also
largely interested in mining property
in Mexico. In addition to his vast
farming, orchard and stock interests,
he occupied a prominent position in
the business life of Hollister, being a
director and one of the founders/of the
Bank of Hollister, a large owner in
and director of the Grangers' Union
and vice, president of the Lathrop Hay
Company, owners of the largest hay
warehouse in the world.
Dr. Flint was a stanch Republican,
always taking an active interest in his
party's welfare. He was a member of
the Republican State Central Commit
tee for years and a delegate to the na
tional j convention at Chicago which
nominated Blalne. He held many of
fices of public trust, being; a member
of the first Board of Supervisors of San
Benito County, State Senator from- this
and Monterey counties, trustee -of the
State Library and a director of the
State Agricultural Society. . :
Dr.- Flint was one of the best known
Masons in California. He was a .past
grand officer, being a Knight Templar
and a Mystic Shriner. His wife and
two sons, Thomas Jr. and Richard, sur
vive him.
HOLLISTER. June 19.— Dr. Thomas
Flint, father of Senator Flint of this
county, died at his home near San Juan
this morning. He was stricken with
paralysis last Tuesday. He was one of
San Benito County's most prominent
citizens.
DEATH CLAIMS
GOOD CITIZEN
OF HOLLISTER
The use of colored inks is almost as
ancient as writing itself, since we find
in the oldest manuscripts black, : :d,
green, violet and yellow inks, usually
applied only as ornaments, except the
old "standbys," black and red; and
consequently we are not surprised that
inkstands with two or more wells were
known to the most ancient peoples -
and probably, therefore, those old writ
ers often knew the Irritation that
comes of having put the pen into the
wrong Inkwell. — St. Nicholas. .
Colored Inks Sold.
CHICAGO, June 19.— In view of a
threatened revival of the movement to
name Sneaker Cannon for the Vice
Presidency, charged this time to the
New York delegation. Cannon author
ized the press to quote him as follows:
"Having in view the great compli
ment that the Vice^Presidential nom
ination would be to any citizen, yet I
am Speaker of the House of Represent
atives and have been a member of that
body for nearly thirty years. I feel
that my sphere of usefulness, lf"l»have
any, is in connection with the House.
About a week after the close of the late
session of Congress, at the request of
friends, and perhaps others, I gave out
an interview on this subject. This was
done after full consideration, and I
stand by the interview, which stated In
substance that I considered the Speak
ershlp the Eecond highest office under
the Government and if the next House
were Republican I hoped to succeed
myself, and if not to cheerfully do duty
In the minority."
Cannon concludes his interview with
the statement that he is not now a can
didate for the Vice Presidency, that he
would not at any future time be a can
didate and would not under any cir
cumstances accept the nomination.
the Xational Ticket.
Would Xot Accent Second Place on
CAXXOX'S FIXAL WORD.
In addition to the gold and diamond
mines of Africa, iron promises to be an
important industry, as the first blast
furnace has Just been erected near
Pretoria, on the line of the railway,
and is located in the center of iron de
posits and In proximity to coal
supplies. The furnace, which will have
a weekly capacity of 500 tons of pig
iron, to be followed by rolling mills
and a steel-converting plant. The ore
i-s of the hematite and magnetite va
riety, and runs 58 to 62 per -cent of me
tallic Iron. A survey above ground and
cross-cutting indicate that there are
some 62,000.000 tons of Iron in sight. —
Harper's Weekly.
Iron Industry of Africa.
At an impromptu meeting of the
Mughouse Club last night a score of
members were telling each other how
to prepare rare dishes, and you would
have thought them a lot of experienced
cooks. Does there live or exist a man
who does not believe that he can make
at least one dish better than all other
men? Produce him. There is an
empty niche in the Hall of Fame.
John Cooper, the "Linen King," said:
"Gentlemen, it's a simple thing, but
there isn't one among you who knows
how to boil a ham." He then ex
plained: "All of you make the mis
take of removing the ham from the
water when it has boiled sufficiently.
That is fatal. Leave it in the water
until the water ]g cold, then remove It.
The idea of takmg a ham out while it
is hot, and Immediately skinning it, is
barbarous. All the rich juices, all the
flavors, are lost. I'd as lief eat a chip."
—New York Press, v
Boiling a Ham.
PASTOR VOICES SYMPATHY.
Rev. J. Fuendelinsr Speaks Feelingly of
\rw York Catastrophe.
fit. Markus German Evangelical
Lutheran Church on O'Farrell street
was crowded yesterday with a congre
gation sorrowing for the loss of those
¦who died in the catastrophe to the
Fteamer General Slocum last week in
East River. New York.
The eltar was draped^ in black and
the hymns and organ solos were in
cccord with the feelings of the mourn
ing pastor and congregation.
The Rev. J. Fuendeling-, the pastor,
delivered a touching sermon, speak
ing from the text, "Your feasts shall
be turned Into mourning and all your
mirth into lamentation." He spoke of
the sympathy that went out from the
hearts of all Americans to the suf
ferers, to the bereaved and to the
rhurch. and he naid a hiph tribute to
the officers of the New York church,
all of whom, he said, were at their
posts when the awful need came for
their assistance. These officers were
counted among the lost.
A thought that had come to him In
the hour of sorrow was the evidence
of harmony which exists among the
denominations in New York. . Among
the hundreds missing were many of
other denominations than the Lutheran
rhurch.
The Fpeaker said he had instantly
telegraphed the sympathy of the peo
ple here to the sister church in New
York and followed with a message
proffering whatever service and assist
ance it is in th«> power of the congre
gation of St. Markus Church to render
the afflicted.
The music rendered during the ser
vice was under the direction of
Johannes C. Raith. the Organist, and
consisted of a beautiful old German
hymn, "In the Midst of Life We Are
5n Death": "We Pilgrims of the
Earth" f Schneider) ; "Thou .Shepherd
of Israel" CBortriansky) ; "Those Who
Sow With Tears" (Palmer), and "O
Jerusalem. Thou Beautiful City"
(Kreutzer). and a soprano solo. "I
Know That My Redeemer Llveth."
rung by Mrs. E. Blancenburg.
FA NT A ROSA. June 19. — Miss Ivy
Sullivan and J. P. McDonnell, promi
nent young people of Sebastopol, were
married Saturday evening by Rev.
Father Pendergast. vicar general of
the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of
San Francisco, in a pretty service. The
bride Is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
C. G. Sullivan of Sebastopol and is a
popular society girl. Mr. McDonnell is
the editor and publisher of the Sebas
topoJ Times, and a rising young Jour
nalist.
Miss Ivy Sullivan Becomes the Bride
of J. P. McDonnell, of the Se
bavtopol Times.
NEWSPAPER MAX WEDS
PRETTY SOCIETY GIRL,
At this time, when all conscientious
citizens arc waiting eagerly for news
from Chicago and St. Louis, The Call
shows in a marked manner its trust
worthiness and efficiency. Californians
interested in the. history making that
will take r!ace in these cities during
the conventions will find their confi
dence in this paper fully sustained
when they read the accounts in its
pages of the two great conventions. '
The student of history will find The
Call's records of these stirring gather
ings worthy of preservation. Occur
rences will be told clearly and simply,
so that The Call : s dispatches will make
a complete and thorough chapter of
the annals of the United States.
To the iiolitician The Call will be in
dispensable these days. In addition to
the Associated Press dispatches the
management of this paper has secured
special service guaranteeing rapid and
correct news. No expense has been
spared in the effort to make The Call's
news from Chicago and St. Louis the
first and the host.
To the average citizen who takes the
proper interest in national affairs this
paper will nrove its worth and relia
bility. All accounts will be complete
and unbiased. There will be absolutely
no tone of partisanship in any of the
reports nubllshed by The Call. The
facts,, clearly and completely told, and
the facts only, will appear.
Special attention will he paid to the
interests of California at both conven
tions. Frederick W. Bishop of The Call
staff, who accompanied the California
Republican delegation from San Fran
cisco to Chicago, will be In charge of
The Call's news bureau at both the
Republican and the Democratic gath
erings. He is a veteran newspaper man
and thoroughly conversant with his
work.
Complete Arrangements for
• Full Reports by Special
, Correspondents. . j
— • .
"No."
"That California wine? Yes? Don't
care If I do," and the caller drained a
glass.
"Well, as I was saying. Mr. Knight,
an attorney at San Francisco, will be
the next member of the national com
mittee." and then there was still an
other interruption.
"Is my old friend Bill Brown on the
California delegation this year?"
"Don't know him."
"Is that California wine? Beautiful
color. Don't care if I do."
"As I was about to say, Mr. Knight
succeeds Judge "
But there was another visitor at the
door.
"Samuel Greene isn't a delegate, is
he?" asked the caller.
"Don't know him." answered the
chairman of the delegation.
"That California wine? Just as the
wine we import. Thanks, I don't care
if I do sample it."
Every man who ever lived in Cali
fornia or any other state was inquired
for. Of course, it wasn't the wine that
attracted.
CHICAGO, June 19.— -George A.
Knight, an "
Just then the man in charge of the
California headquarters was inter
rupted.
"Is Mr. Johnson a delegate from Cali
fornia?" inquired a man at the door.
"No one by that name here that I
know of." answered the chairman.
¦ "Is that California wine you have?"
from the newcomer.
"Yes; won't you try it?"
"Don't care if I do," and he stepped
to the counter and emptied his glass.
"As I was saying, George A. Knight,
an attorney at San Francisco "
And then came another interruption.
"Is W. A. Jones a California dele
gate?" inquired the caller.
Any Old liuse Used to Get Into Cali
fornia Headquarters.
OUR WIXE AX ATTRACTIOX.
FV.F.D \V. BrSHOP, THE CALL'S
STAFF CORRESPONDENT AT
THE NATIONAL. CONVENTIONS.
One. body was found floating in the
river rear Rikers Island, while nine
teen were brought up from the bot
tom aJong the beac-h. running from the
island down to the channel in the river.
Three men working with an im
provised grapple, consisting of a block
of wood to which many fishhooks were
attached, drew up the section of the
rail of the upper deck of the Slocum
about thirty feet in length. The
bodies of four women were clinging to
the rail, the fingers gripping the inter
laced wire roping. This r>art of the
rail gave way just before the steamer
was beached, precipitating 100 persons
into the water. While the rail was be
ing brought to shore two of the bodies
liroke away from it. but were re
covered.
The funerals of nearly a hundred
victims of the disaster were held to
day. In many instances two caskets
v.-ere carried in the same hearse and
in some cases two r.nd even three
hearses bore away the dead of a single
family.
Early this morning the searchers
began anew the work of locatinz the
Siocum's dead. Within an hour they
had recovered thirteen bodies off the
shore of North Brothervlsland. Three
of the bodies were floating, and It is
the general opinion that many more
will come to the surface during the
week. At sundown, when work prac
tically ceased for the day, thirty-six
bodies had been added to the lone list
r>f dead. Most of these bodies were
Identified.
Of the bodies recovered durins the
first hour one was that of a man, six
*vere of women, two of boys, four of
girls and one was an infant.
A life-saver grappling from a raft
brought up a woman of CO and a girl
of 11 years locked in each other's
arms. A few minutes later he brought
up the bodies of a boy 9 years old and
a girl of €, apparently brother and
cister, clinging together.
Divers who went to the wreck
found the bodies of a woman, a girl
and a boy and brought them to the
surface. They were burned beyond
recognition. The divers say there are
more bodies in the wreckage, thus
bearing out the statement made a day
or two ago. after it was thought the
wreck had been cleared, that many
bodies remained under the entangle
ment of timbers and iron.
NEW YORK. June 19. — Sunday's
harvest of dead from the steamer
General Slocum numbered forty-nine,
bringing the total number of bodies
bo far recovered ud to 632. Of these
E69 have been identified, while about
thirty of the victims now lying at the
Morgue have not been claimed by
friends or relatives. During the day
thirty-six bodies were recovered, and
It was not until after dark, when the
preat majority of. the searchers had
ceased to work, that the others were
found. Most of these came up from the
bottom and floated in shore. They were
discovered bv the solice who were
left to watch all night.
While the list of missing has been
cut down somewhat by the identifica
tions made to-day, eleven new names
were added to that roll, thus leaving
the total of missing almost as it was
on Saturday, something more than
800.
Harvest of Dead Now Num
bers 632, and It Is Estimat
ed That There Still More
Than 300 to Account For
Special Dispatch to Tb« Call.
TACOMA. Wash., June 19.— A dis
patch received at Dawson announces
the appointment of Robert Henderson,
the reputed discoverer of tha Klon
dike, as assistant engineer of Yukon
Territory.
The appointment is given Henderson
as compensation for a claim which he
lost In the early days of the Klondike
rush. Henderson discovered gold on
Gold Bottom Creek before Carmack
found it on Bonanza.
Carmack had been hla guest and had
promised to inform Henderson if any
find was made. Instead he rushed to
Forty Mile to record.
When Henderson reached Forty Mila
later he was allowed only one claim
Instead of two. The second, or dis
coverer's claim, proved rich.
He recently went to Ottawa to se
cure compensation for the seeming in
justice.
ROMA PROVES THE FASTEST
OF THE MINIATURE YACHTS
Little Craft Averages a Speed of Three
Minutes and Thirty-eight Seconds
in the Several Trials.
Under the new system of racing tha
model yachts on Spreckels Lake in
Golden Gate Park yesterday, which is
to take the average time of each yacht
in the several races, Thorsen's Roma
proved conclusively that she is the
fastest of the miniature fleet. Her
average for the day was 3 minutes
and 38 seconds, though in one race
she was tied by the Piute in the best
time of the day, 3:25. Following is
the average time of the competing
models: Roma, 3:38; Sophie, 4:42;
Queen, 4:44; Coronado, 5:04; Piute,
5:36; Annie, 5:48; Zampa, 6:38. Th»
Imp, Fannie. Amelia and Surprise
failed to qualify, as they sailed in but
two races each. The wind was good
all the afternoon the many spectators
enjoyed the pastime. The summary
of the races follows:
FIRST RACE.
Tacht. Owner. TIm«.
Coronado McCleery 4.42
Queen Genung 5.Ci>
Sophie Brannon .............. 5.12
Amelia. Hey 6 25
SECOND RACE.
Imp London ."> l.:
Annie Roeckn»r 3.J^
Zampa Jurgens 8:.'?i»
Piute Forrest 8.30
THIRD RACE.
Coronado McCleery 4.CO
Fannie Collier Bros 6.20
Surprise Brown (fouled)
Roma Thorson (fouled) ......
FOURTH RACE.
Queen Geming 4.41
Sophie Branr.cn 4..V5
Amelia.... Hey » 28
Surprise Brown 5.33
FIFTH RACE.
Piute Forrest Z.Z7>
Roma Tborsen 3. IS
Annie Roeckmer • >.!.:
Zampa Jurxens %.ZO
SIXTH RACE.
Sophie Brannon COO
Queen.... >a ...... Genuns 4.Sti
Coronado McCleery ."> :¦•
Fannie Collier Bro« 5..V>
Zampa ¦ Jurgens 3 ::."•
SEVENTH RACE.
Roma Thorsen 3.25
Piute Forrest 3.3::
Imp London 4..v.
Annie Roeckner f>.Mi
Surprise Brown 5.10
Americans Great Coffee Drinkers.
The people of the United States
drink more coffee than any other na
tion on earth, but not as much in pro
portion as the people of certain other
countries. When the difference in pop
ulation is taken into consideration Bra
zil far surpasses us as a country of
coffee drinkers. Belgium and Holland
also excel us in this respect. The con
sumption of coffee per capita in Brazil
is fourteen pounds each year, in Bel
glum and Holland It is eleven pounds,
while in the United States each person
in the population consumes an average
of eight pounds of coffee yearly. Eng
land Is away behind in the procession
with a consumption of only one-half
pound per capita annually, but the
amount of tea consumed on an average
in that country by each person la flv*»
times as great as in the United States.
— St. Louis Grobe-Democrat.
Stanley's African Nickname.
It is very fitting: that the native
name for Stanley. "Bula Matarl."
should form part of the Inscription on
his coffin. It means, we believe. "The
Rock Breaker," and expresses the Af
rican conception of the highest kind
of physical power. To the great ma
jority of the natives with whom he
came in contact Stanley was an en
tirely super-human being, and yet he
was not, physically speaking, a par
ticularly strong man. It was his ex
traordinary will power which made
him appear of gigantic strength to men
who could easily have picked him up
and carried him in their arms. — Lon
don Globe.
RE3IAIXS FLOAT TO
SHORE OF ISLAND
"Ward, if you really care for the
place on the national committee I will
retire in your favor."
Ward said he did not care for It and
the two men went to Governor Odell
and apprised him of the difficulty. Sen
ator Depew was present, and, after
hearing Warren's statement, announc
ed to the Governor that he favored
Ward, who was from ms own district.
It was decided to go to Senator Platt
and announce the decision and then
occurred the first objection. Senator
Platt said that former Chairman "Dunn
should have the place, to compensate
him for the loss of the State chair
manship. Governor Odell objected and
when Senator Platt substituted the
name of former State Senator J. Sloat
Fassett he entered the same objection.
Finally Senator Platt agreed to Ward's
selection.
Governor Odell had two candidates,
William Warren of Buffalo and Wil
liam Ward of Westchester. Senator
Platt was for Sheldon's retention first,
and, when that was refused, was
either for former- State Chairman
George W. Dunn of Binghamton or J.
Sloat Fassett of Elmira. This after
noon Warren of Buffalo met Ward on
the street and said:
CHICAGO, June 19.— Unless some
very unforeseen events j Interfere, the
New York delegatfon win select Wil
liam Ward of the Westchester district
to be a national committeeman. This
decision, contemplated for some time
by Governor Odell, was not arrived at
without considerable friction and the
announcement was not received to
night with great cordiality by many of
the delegates. Sheldon, the present
national committeeman, was appointed
by the late Chairman Hanna. Govern
or Odell opposed him because of an
antagonistic attitude assumed toward
him by Sheldon after the latter had
been denied the nomination for Lieu
tenant Governor on the last New York
State ticket.
Forces Platt to Accept William Ward
for Commltteeman.
ODELL SCORES TRIUMPH.
and supplied much sought news of the
west. The announcement that this
courtesy of The Call would be contin
ued throughout the convention was the
occasion of much gratification and
many expressions of appreciation.
Reparation Is Made to Man
Who Lost Valuable Claim
Through a False Friend
Governor Carter of Hawaii was the
guest of his delegates at a dinner to
night. The repast concluded, he was
introduced to the delegates from Cali
fornia. Then he announced that he
had. been requested, on behalf of the
Hawaiian delegates, to prepare a letter
of thanks to the Californias for the
courtesies extended by them to the
representatives from the islands.
California's delegation was overjoyed
to-day at the weather's salutation.
Early in the afternoon a cool, invigor
ating fog swept in from Lake Michigan.
Chicagoans, with visions of pneumonia,
abandoned the boulevards, but the Cal
ifornians—San Franciscans in particu
lar—hired every available automobile,
and rustled through the gray mist in
gTerft delight. It was nature's -wel
come present from home they were en
joying.
A large bundle of San Francisco
Calls arrived at headquarters to-day
HAWAIIAN'S ARE GRATEFUL.
Henry T. Oxnard. whose ambition to
represent California in the United
States Senate is well known, arrived in
Chicago to-dav. His visit here has no
significance, so far as his own ambi
tions arc concerned, he said. He has
been an enthusiastic attendant at every
Republican national convention for
twenty years and the probability that
the announcement of his presence here
would cause discussion could not deter
him, he added, "from enjoying as a
rpectator the deliberations of the body
that makes Presidents. Oxnard was
greeted by Judge W. C. Van Fleet,
George A. Knight and Judge J. W. Mc-
Kinley, and, after toasting their health,
renewed acquaintances of departed
years.
A. Ruef v of San Francisco was anx
ious to be numbered among those that
v ill supply the timber for the platform,
but Short's supporters seem to be in
the majority. Ruef has not announced
his intention to withdraw in favor of
Bhort, and it is probable that the ques
tion will be forced to a vote when th<»
delegation meets to-morrow.
Short, it is .=aid by the leaders of the
delegation, will win. Ruef makes no
claims. That Ruef will be . given an
equally important position, however, is
admitted. His activity has impressed
the delegation and his ambition is ad
mired.
Frank H. Short o( Fresno will rep
resent California on the committee on
platform and resolutions.
Later Gunst informed Judge Me-
Kinley. chairman of the California
delegation, that he would step out in
the interests of harmony and Governor
Pardee. Chairman McKinley informed
the delegates of the situation. The
delegation will respect the Governor's
wishes.
RUEF AND SHORT CLASH.
This fact soon reached Gunst's ears.
Immeasurably disappointed, Gunst
sought the Governor for an interview.
When the Governor informed him that
it was true they were both seeking the
same honor, Gunst announced that he
would not permit his name to go be
fore the delegation as a candidate for
the office.
Finally, howeVer, it was circulated
that to add the spice of uncertainty to
Gunst's aspirations Governor Pardee
had caused it to be made known that
he sought the honor Gunst believed
was already in his hand.
It was contended later that it was
the Governor's desire to indulge in his
leaning toward practical jokes that
caused him to express his willingness
to represent California on the noti
fication committee. This announce
ment brightened Gunst's political hori
zon immeasurably, but darkness was
again to come. Whether or not it was
this incident on the train that awaken
ed the Governor's desire to become a
member of the notification commit
tee probably will never be known, but
the fact remains that to-day Governor
Pardee not only expressed his desire
to become a member of the committee,
but requested several of the delegates
to support him If the question came to
a contest.
When the California delegation left
the Oakland pier on its special train
Gunst was nursing a well-developed
ambition to represent California on the
notification committee. A careful inves
tigation of the strength of his candi
dacy failed to develop the slightest
trace of opposition. Those that did not
openly espouse his cause remained si
lent, and this Gunst's supporters inter
preted as meaning consent.
PARDEE WAS NOT JOKING.
HEADQUARTERS CALIFORNIA
DELEGATION, CHICAGO. June 19.—
Through the consideration of M. A.
Gunst of San Francisco what threat
ened to be an unpleasant contest in the
California delegation to the Republican
National Convention for the honor of
representing the Golden Sate on the
committee that will notify President
Roosevelt of his nomination for the of
fice he now occupies was avoided. At
a late hour to-night Gunst announced
that he would bury his aspirations that
those of Governor Pardee might flour
ish and bear fruit.
"I have not a word to say about the
platform," said the Massachusetts
Senator, as he dived to the bottom of
the most capacious, valise that ever
came to Chicago. "I can't say a word."
he repeated, as he put things to rights
In his rooms at the" Auditorium, "not
even on the interesting topic of reci
procity, nor in reply to your question
as to .whether we shall 'stand pat.' I
am simply dumb for the time."
There is some sentiment favorable to
a, declaration looking to revision, but
the "stand patters" are holding their
position with a tenacity that indicates
a determination to oppose such a
movement. Senator Kean of New Jer
sey is a good example of this class.
"I see no reason for a change in our
present policy," said the Senator, "and
I am opposed to a move in that direc
tion.' My. opinion is that we should let
conditions alone."
"Wilpthere be a pronouncement on
reciprocity?" he was asked, but in
Senator Allison said to-night that the
Iowa delegation had not as yet dis
cussed the question of the Vice Presi
dency, but that it would hold a meet
ing to-morrow to decide what action
to take. He would not state his own
choice. Senator Kean of New Jersey,
however, was outspoken in his sup
port of Fairbanks.
The delegates apparently are giving
comparatively little attention to the
platform. The prevailing opinion is
that the wishes "of the President should
be largely consulted on that point and
the impression goes to the extent of
believing he has indicated his views
to his particular friends. That Sena
tor Lodge has drawn up the principal
resolutions of the platform is gener
ally conceded, and all doubt as to
whether he would be chairman of the
committee on resolutions has been dis
pelled by the notification which Acting
Chairman Payne has given the Sena
tor that he will be recognized to make
the motion for the appointment of the
platform committee.
Through an envoy of several North
western delegations who called on the
President several days ago and in
their behalf expressed a wfsh to sup
port the man he preferred, the Presi
dent has sent word that while he ap
preciates the compliment, he will
leave this entirely to the convention.
Senator McCumber of North Dakota
has come out for Fairbanks and thinks
that sentiment in the Northwest is
crystallizing on the Indiana man. An
effort is being made by Senator Fair
banks* more enthusiastic supporters to
have an Alabama delegate nominate
him.
Several personal representatives of
the President, who arrived to-day,
made an emphatic declaration that the
President was positive in his determi
nation to express no preference re
garding the selection of his running
mate. Both Senator Lodge and. Secre
tary Root said this to all the delegates
who approached them on the subject.
Speaking for themselves, the close
friends of the President say they do
not doubt that Fairbanks would be ac
ceptable to Mr. Roosevelt, but they are
not willing that the President's name
should be dragged In to assist the In
diana Senator's nomination.
Another meeting of the Illinois flele
gation is scheduled for to-morrow,
when the chairmanship question will
be settled. Both Senator Cullom and
Governor Yates are aspirants for this
honor.
PRESIDENT HOLDS ALOOF.
With one exception, the New Hamp
shire delegation is for Fairbanks. Sen
ator, Burnham expressed confidence in
the ability of the remaining members
to bring over the anti-Fairbanks dele
gate. *
The Massachusetts delegation arrived
with an idea that Tlitt would be the
candidate, but after the. delegates had
been here a few hours they decided to
wait- until to-morrow before announc
ing a preference. Several delegates
said that the Illinois people seemed to
have got to work rather slowly and
that it would be wiser for Massachu
setts to withhold action.
The present position of the New York
delegation with respect to the Vice-
Presidency was stated to-night by Sen
ator Depew. At first, he said the dele
gates thought it would be a pictur
esque thing to nominate Cannon, but
inasmuch as the Speaker would not
have It and Senator Fairbanks would,
they would declare, he said, for Fair
banks.
NEW YORK'S ATTITUDE.
Senator Cullom of Illinois said:
"There are many delegates in Illinois,
and in other States also, who do not
favor the attitude taken by Senator
Fairbanks and prefer that the place
should go to a man who will show a
little more appreciation of it. Illinois
has a good man in Hitt, and rather
than let the thing slide to Senator
Fairbanks in an aimless sort of way
we have decided to push the fight for
Hitt as strongly as possible."
The continued silence of Senator
Fairbanks as to his pleasure regarding
the Vice Presidential nomination was
the base of the vigorous movement
toward Representative Hitt. The
opinion was strongly expressed at the
gathering of the/ Illinois delegation
that at least until Senator Fairbanks
announced himself there was no rea
son why an active campaign for Hitt
should not progress. Each delegate
was commanded to go forth and hustle
for Hitt. Graeme Stewart, the Illinois
member of the national committee,
was nominally put in charge of these
endeavors. While the work of the
day has not been compiled into a
single report, each worker heard from
has encouraging news for the Hitt
boom. .
Delegates generally express the view
that Senator Fairbanks should indicate
his desires one way or the other. In
the absence of this indication and with
positive assurance that Illinois Is seri
ous in the Hitt candidacy, many State
delegates seem willing to march un
der the Hitt banner. "
The members of the Rhode Island
delegation arrived this afternoon and
opened headquarters in the. Great
Northern Hotel/ '
"We expect to play a negative part
in this convention," said Charles Alex
ander, one of the delegates. "We have
no especial candidate for Vice Presi
dent have not considered for whom
we would vote and have no planks for
the platform." ,
The Missouri delegation announced
that the name of Cyrus Wallbridge of
St. Louis would be presented for vice
President. . ..
Although all the members of the
Kentucky delegation had not arrived
to-night, John W. Yerkes, Commission
er of rnternal Revenue and one of the
delegates from that State, said that
while no formal meeting had been held
a majority of them were favorable to
the nomination -of Senator Fairbanks
for second place.
favor of Fairbanks and not of Hitt.
FORCING FAIRBANKS' HAND.
BY F. W. BISHOP.
Staff Correspondent of The Call.
Grewsome Sabbath Day Task
of Searchers Results in Re
covery of Bodies of 49 Vic
tims of Slocum Disaster
Senator Beveridge, Governor Dur
ban, Representative Overstreet and
Representative Watson and most of
the Indiana delegates arrived to-day.
The delegation will meet to-morrow
morning. Senator Beveridge probably
will be elected chairman of the dele
gation.
On every train delegates arrived to
day and to-night the hotel corridors
are taking on a convention aspect.
Quite the most picturesque entry into
the city was that of the Alaskan dele
gation, a half-dozen strong, each man
carrying a miniature totem pole, on
which was mounted a big white-necked
Alaskan eagle.
The Iowa delegation has determined
upon J. W. Blythe of Burlington as the
representative of the Hawkeye State
on the Resolutions Committee. The se
lection of Blythe, who is the counsel
for the Burlington Railroad, is opposed
to the Governor Cummins faction and
prohibits absolutely the introduction
by the Iowa delegation of a plank sup
porting either tariff amendment or a
reciprocity agreement. It puts the
Hawkeye delegation with the rank of
the "stand patters."
As originally drafted, the plank waa
longer than this, but the Senator de
clared to-night that he would present
it in the form quoted.
The National Manufacturers' Asso
ciation is planning to make a strong
fight against the insertion in the plat
form of any plank calling for or de
claring in favor of the adoption of an
eight-hour day or any declaration
against the writ of injunction as ap
plied to labor disputes. Eighteen
members of the association, several of
whom belong to the etecujive com
mittee, are expected to arrive to-mor
row morning to watch the interests
of the association.
"We recommend an early readjust
ment of th« rates of duty in existing
tariff schedules to meet the require
ments of changing and changed busi
ness conditions and in the matter of
our commercial relations with other
countries."
Senator Hansbrough's plank in the
form in which he will present it to the
committee reads as follows:
HAXSBROUGH FOR REVISION*.
Senator Hansbrough of North Da
kota, on the other hand, is leading a
fight for tariff changes. He is the
author of a declaration, which he cir
culated freely to-day, calling for "such
a modification in the tariff as will meet
our changed and changing conditions."
Delegates from the trans- Missouri
section are generally opposed to any
declaration for reciprocity, because of
the effect of the statutory adoption of
such a policy on fruits, wines, wool
and hides.
reply the Senator would only express
his desire that there should not be.
This he did in vigorous language. say-
Ing: "Let well enough alone."
"As to the Iowa idea," he continued.
"Iowa herself has already taken care
of that." v
WRONG IS EECTIFIED
Threatened Contest in the California
Republican Delegation Averted.
Discoverer of Alaskan Eldo
rado Is Given an Offi
cial Place by Government
EYERY HOUR
ADDS TO THE
DEATH LIST
CALL'S NEWS
SERVICE AT THE
CONVENTIONS
GOLD FINDER
IS REWARDED
Vice Presidency and the Tariff the Fore
most Themes at Chicago.
GUNST GIVES WAY AND PARDEE WILL REPRESENT GOLDEN STATE
ON THE COMMITTEE TO NOTIFY ROOSEVELT OF HIS NOMINATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MQNDAY, JUNE 20, 1904.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
Reliable gas ranges $16 50, regular
price $20.' this week only at S. F. Gas
& Electric Co., 415 Post st. . •
Even the wise man who thinks he
knows it all doesn't know why the
strenuous old hen lays an egg instead
of standing It on end. .
One is a daughter of Henderson and
young Lott's sweetheart, the other
girl being Lott's sister. Henderson is
a lawyer, both he. and Lott being
well-to-do. The g\f\s left school in
Seattle last week to make their for
tunes.
. TACOMA, June 19. — A search of
several days for two missing girls
ended yesterday at Everett when
John L. Henderson of Hood River
and Herbert Lott found Faith. Hen
derson and Jennie Lott working in
homes near Lowell, one for her board,
the other for $2 a week.
Daughters of Prominent Citizens of
Washington Town Start In Search
of Fortune.
5
POSTUM CEKE/VT,.
HAS TRIED BOTH. j
Travel for Health* vs. Dieting.
A man who was sent to Europe for
his health and finally found cure in a
little change in his diet says:
"I was troubled with dyspepsia for
five years, and two doctors here in Ke-
nosha that treated me for over a year
both told me there was no help for me.
Then I had an expert from Chicago, but
still received no relief. Then followed
another expert from Chicago, who came
to our house two times a month for
four months. He gave me up like all
the others and told mo to take a trip
across the ocean, which I did in the
year 1899, and came home about as bad
as when I started. The doctors told me
my stomach lining was full of sores.
Then I began to study my own case
and learned of the diet recommended by
the Postum Cereal Co., so I gave up
coffee, pork and all greasy foods and
began using Postum Food Coffee. Grad-
ually I got better and better, until I am
well now as I ever was in my younger
days, have no trouble and eat anything
fit to eat.
"Sometimes away from home I am
persuaded to drink coffee, but I only
take a sip of it, for it tastes bitter and
disagreeable to me, but the longer I use
Postum the better I like it and the bet-
ter I feel. I could say a great deal more
of my experience with Postum, but
think this will give every one a good
idea of what leaving off coffee and
using Postum can do." Name given by
Postum Co., Battle Creek. Mich.
Look in each pkg. for the famous lit-
tle book, "The Road to Wellville."
World's Fair exhibit space, 103 Agri-
cultural Building.
* ADVEB-TISEHtEUTS.
8 / / y^j^^n^JCT 0 e swarthy Arab trader,
i tLf /^^S^^MeWoL i th eep k° o< * t0 sna de his
n /x^v(/3S«lar'^*« WfflL n eyes * rom *k e gl ar c o* the
W / /xBr7lHr£ f S if wlsl // csert » accompanied by his
¥ Y JjE&siiiiif/PZ^L f Sszgffoll faithful camel, the "ship of
g/ JJBJfBwBfrspSm liB&JBtl *h e desert," is one of the in-
B$w9ftl»9pC3%9 i&M&Slh teresting characters you will j
ISra/Zw EX * POS1TION
iiYtlPlfl /! JE ROUND TRIP $67,50
mi t *jn \ I /fif wit J alc ates: J unc 22 » 23 » 23 >
Wl 1 1 MLM UNION-SOUTHERNONUS PROBANDI— Subscriber. Ala
meda, Cal. Onus probandi is Latin and
means the burden of proof. In law and
in ordinary life, if Jones makes a state
ment which Smith disputes, the onu3
probandi lies upon Jones, who has u
prove what he asserts.
CELEBRATION— G. C. B.. City. The
management of tlte Chutes states that
it has no record of any celebration at
that place of amusement during th<?
month of May, 1903, at which there
The drug clerk who killed a customer recently by mis
take has been duly censured by a Coroner's jury and the
recommendation, customary in such cases, to draft laws
raising the standard of protection against, careless dis
pensers of poison has been made. It is high; time for
the authorities chosen to guard public health and life to
make carelessness a crime, punishable as such, in cer
tain occupations where mistakes may mean injury or
Those picturesque weapons — the bay
onet, the saber and the lance — things of
bulk and glitter, figure more largely in
war new?, no doubt, than they do in
the casualties of the Russians and the
Japanese. Cold figures have long dif
fered radically from word pictures and
battle paintings as to the damage done
by "cold steel" under the conditions of
modern war. The Army and Navy
Journal has published data bearing
upon this question which is at especial
interest while the struggle between
Russia and Japan is still young and its
chances are the subject of universal
speculation. It is shown that in the
Civil War out of 240,712 wounds treated
by the surgeons of the Union army only
922, or about four-tenths of one per
cent, were caused by bayonets and
cabers. Who could have guessed any
thing like that very small proportion
from the literature of the war period?
In the Crimean war, where the Russian
tendency to get to close quarters was
encouraged by the conditions of the con
flict, the saber and the bayonet were
more active, causing 2*£ per cent of the
wounds received by the British and
French soldiers. But in the Franco-
German war of 1870-71 the bayonet and
the saber together could claim less than
one-third of on- per cent of the casual
ties suffered by the German armies. It
is the bullet and the shell, especially
the -rifle projectile, no thicker than a
lead pencil, neither picturesque like the
saber nor imposing like the masses of
Bteel and iron hurled but of great guns,
which has always in modern times done
the really destructive work of war. So,
undoubtedly, it is the rifle which is the
chief weapon of the conflict' between
Russia and Japaa.— Cleveland Leader.
Weapons That Kill.
Major Seely, D. S. O., tells a pathetic
story of a little Boer lad who pre
ferred to die rather than give any in
formation likely to result in the cap
ture of his fellow countrymen. On one
occasion during the war, Major Seely
said, he was instructed to get some
volunteers and try— to capture a com
mandant at a farmhouse some twenty
miles away. He got the men ready
and they set out. It was a rather des
perate enterprise, but they got to the
farmhouse all right, only to find, how
ever, that the elusive Boer had cleared
out in an unknown direction. It was
vitally important that the British force
should get some information, for it
became a question perhaps of the
Boers capturing them and not they
catching the Boer commandant. At
the farmhouse they saw a good look
ing Boer boy and some yeomen. Major
Seely asked the boy if the command
ant had been there, and he said in
Dutch, taken by surprise, "Yes."
"Where has he gone?" was the nert
question, and the boy became sus
picious and answered, "I don't know."
"I decided then," continued Major
Seely, "to do a thing for which I hope
I may be forgiven, because my men's
lives were in danger. I threatened the
boy with death If he would not dis
close the whereabouts of the general.
He still refused, and I put him against
a wall and said I would have him shot.
At the same time I whispered to my
men, 'For heaven's sake, don't shoot.'
The boy still refused, although I oould
see he believed I was going to have
him' shot." I ordered the men to
'present.' Every rifle was leveled at
the boy;. 'Now, 1 I said, 'before I give
the word, which way has the general
cone?' I remember the look in the
r A Boer Boy Hero.
SAVINGS BANK— S.. City. The
first savings bank incorporated In the
United States was the Boston Provi
dent Savings Institution, incorporated
December 13. 1816.
BODIE — Subscriber. Oakland. Cal.
Bodie. Mono County. Cal.. la at an ele
vation of 82 4 S feet above the sea level.
Anszvcrs to Queries.
The^ captain of the South Portland, which was re
cently wrecked with the loss of eighteen human lives,
has been censured by the highest existing Federal au
thority as unskillful, negligent and wholly to blame for
the disaster. In penalty he must suffer suspension. It
is interesting to inquirs, under the circumstances, what
offense a sea captain must be guilty of to warrant his
removal from a post for which he is adjudged morally
and mentally unfit.
Some experiments carried out Eetr
Cherbourg this week with the new
model big French fortress guns show
that this question of gun calibers
touches Interests outside the purely
military sphere. The guns are cf 12 4-5
inch caliber and although only three
shots were fired, it had been Judged
prudent to warn the neighboring in
habitants to leave their windows and
doors open as a precaution against the
tremendous concussion expected. In
fact, the first shot did great damage
to the earthworks around the gun, and
as there was no time to warn the offi
cer in command, the next two dis
charges completely shattered them.
Luckily, the men ordinarily serving ths
gun had been kept at a distance until
the effects had been tested. In the re
sult, new service rules will have to be
devised and a larger uninhabited area
around these guns will be necessary.
Big Guns.
"There are no finer people on earth
than the people of San Francisco.
They meet you with a cheerful face,
give you the glad hand, and say,
'What can we do for you?' Her streets
are clean and her city government as
perfect as any In the world. Her Chief
of Police, Captain Wittman. and his
entire force of 700 men are an
example for any modern American
city. Enough praise cannot be given
in respect to the courteous way a
stranger is received in this great West
ern metropolis." '"«¦%¦""
Benjamin H. Miller Esq.. a prom
inent business man of Quincy. III., who
lately made a six weeks' tour through
the West, wrote a very Interesting ac
count of his trip for the Quincy Jour
nal of June 8. The following, con
cerning San Francisco, is an excerpt
from his article and shows the good
impression made upon the gentleman
by what he saw here:
"The bay of San Francisco is almost
completely encircled by land. The
Golden Gate is the tideway, a narrow
passage between the extremities of two
peninsulas; on the point of the most
southern the city stands.
"Few bays are more picturesque. At
the head of San Pablo Bay Is the
Mare Island navy yard; nearer the
city is Mount Tamalpais, the summit
of which is reached by steam cars and
affords a most magnificent view for
miles around. Alameda, Oakland.
Alcatraz, Point San Quentin, Angel
Island on the south of Raccoon Straits.
Hospital Cove, the quarantine station,
are all interesting points in and about
San Francisco Bay.
"San Francisco is the Western great
city. The business there is simply
enormous. The labor situation is Im
proving. Each are taking the sensible
view of their respective sides. Trie
facilities for transacting and hand
ling every possible kind of business
are second to none in the world. Every
brand of industry and commerce is
represented in San Francisco. Its
people, its merchants, its manufac
turers, its banks and financial insti
tutions, boards of trade, its capital
ists, its newspapers, its laboring
classes, its schools — in short, every
thing required to make up a strictly
up-to-date and model United States
city is found in San Francisco. Its
train service is fine and connections
are reliable.-
'As an Easterner Sees Us.
At last accounts there were under
stood to be several writs out for the
Marquis, whose endless extravagances
are said to have been responsible for
his disastrous finish. Even an income
of 51,000.000 a year, which the noble'
man was said to possess, could not
stand Christmas trees with their
branches encrusted with small dia
monds and hung with larger ones,
such as the Marquis provided for his
guests at Anglesey last yuletide. The
magnificent motor car which he
bought some time ago and whicl. was
said to be the most sumptuous on
earth, has not yet been paid for.
The Marquis' attempt to square
himself, as it were, with Providence
was made in this wise. It will be re
membered, no doubt, that when first
his Lordship conceived the idea of
giving Christmas pantomimes at
Anglesey Castle he committed the pro
fane act of turning the private chapel
there into a pocket theater, .which he
named the Gaiety. Naturally this
shocked the clergyman as well as all
other devout folk "in the neighborhood
and frequent appeals were made to
the peer to restore the place to its
original state. To these, however, he
turned a deaf ear and the "butterfly"
and skirt dances which the Marquis
delighted in executing went on where
once his ancestors fiad offered up
their prayers. But not long ago — or
just when times began to get hard
with the lavish-handed nobleman — a
more "determined divine called at the
castle, who declared to the Marquis
that his troubles would Increase and
multiply if he did not instantly repair
his desecration of God's house. And
the Btory goes that the peer, made ap
prehensive perhaps by what already
had befallen him, promised obedience,
and ordered the chapel changed back
forthwith.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL.
5 HENRIETTA STREET. COVENT
GARDEN, LONDON, June "•• — It
would not be surprising if the airy
fairy Marquis of Anglesey — actor,
gem-collector and dandy — began to
doubt the appreclativeness of Provi
dence. Affairs with the "Diamond
Marquis," as he is called, have been
going Indifferently for some time, but
at present he finds himself in dire
straits and this in epite of having
taken at least one ftep designed to
atone for past errors. It is now un
derstood that the Marquis is bank
rupt. His lest provincial tour with
his theatrical company came to a dis
astrous end. and soon after it was an
nounced that some of the ballet-danc
ing peer's finest jewels were to be sold
by auction at a fashionable salesroom.
Now the Marquis' creditors both 'in
London and Bangor — the Welsh town
near Alglesey C\?tle — are to hold
meetings. Meanwhile his Lordship
has betaken himself hurriedly to the
continent.
Er«?clal Corrt^pondtnt*.
A Butterfly's Fall.
«-r-*HE United States Census has just given
I out a preliminary report of the progress of irriga
¦*•• tion in this country during the year 1902. That
question is of more thap usual interest to people of
the West just now, owing to the recent appropriation by
the General Government of the sum of twenty-seven mil
lions of dollars for irrigation in their territory. The re
"The acreage reported as irrigated in 1902 exceeds
that of 1899 by 1.704,889, acres, the length of canals and
-ditches by 14,361 miles, the cost of irrigation systems
by $21,797,672 and the number of irrigated farms by
23480." That showing is gratifying when it is remem
bered that in many parts of the United States it was
made under discouraging conditions. The crop year of
1902 in the arid portion of the West was a poor one
owing to the snowfall in the mountains being unusually
ligtit, materially reducing the flow in the irrigating
ditches.
As an evidence of the growing interest in Western
territory being shown by home seekers, the report states
that: "In the last , twenty years there has been a great
awakening to the opportunities which lie in the arid
West for the home maker, and a remarkable transforma
tion has taken place in many parts, of this region. The
irrigation of to-day, through lessons of experience and
observation of the results obtained by the pioneers, evinces
a more ready adaptability to conditions. Great problems
of water storage and diversion, involving features never
before considered, are being worked out to practical
solution."
One of the features auxiliary to irrigation, the value
of which is coming to be better understood and ap
preciated, is the possibility of utilizing the force of the
water as a motive power and for the development of elec
tricity. Under that head it is stated: "The great dams
which impound the floods once wasted furnish abundant
electric power for all purposes. Every available stream
is now a potent factor for good. The flow of the canals
turns wheels which lift large quantities of water to fields
above the line of gravity supply."
The mining industry has profited very largely by the
inauguration of irrigation systems. Where water has
been brought upon the land intended primarily for pur
poses of agriculture, it has in many instances been used
also to develop mines, which otherwise could not have
been worked successfully.
As to the number of farms irrigated, California is
given first rank, with Utah second and Colorado third,
while in the matter of total irrigated area Colorado
stands first, California second and Montana third. The
aggregate mileage, of main canals and ditches in this
country in the year 1902 is reported as being more than
enough to encircle the earth twice, their combined length
being 59,243 miles.
GROWTH OF IRRIGATION.
When the first Queen cf the Belgians
lay dying she expressed a wish to her
eldest son, Leopold, that when he suc
ceeded to the throne he should never
sign hl» name to a death warrant or
give his consent to the execution of a
capital sentence. Leopold was only 15
years of age at the time. He was about
20 when he became King and he is near
TO to-day. But though regarded as in
capable of any lasting affection and
credited with an amount of cynicism
unrivaled in the annals of Old World
royalty, be has always remembered his
mother's request and has so invariably
refrained from sanctioning the execu
tion of death sentences that Belgium is
to-day classed as one of the countries
where capital punishment has been
abolished. Yet the death penalty re
mains on the Belgian statute book,
though few people outside the kingdom
are aware of the fact, and in every
case where criminals are convicted of
murder without extenuating circum
stances the Judges solemnly pass the
sentence of death, which, owing to the
refusal of the King to sign the death
warrant, is ipse facto commuted to im
prisonment for life. There is a great
difference between life imprisonment of
this kind taking the place of capital
punishment and the penal servitude for
life resulting from a sentenc»>thereto
by the Judges. The criminal condemned
to be executed Is regarded as dead in
the eyes of the law from the moment
that the sentence of death is passed on
him. The scaffold for his execution is
actually erected: the executioner-at
tends with his assistants to carry out
the sentence of the law. The guillotine
and the victim only axe wanting. In
their place the executioner carries a
great sheet of paper bearing the full
name and the sentence of the criminal,
and this he nails up on a post and
leaves in public sight, that obloquy may
fall on the offender's name.— La Mar
quise de Fontenoy.
The Useless Guillotine.
While dearth of accurate news and palpable partisan
ship have served to destroy the war in the Far East a5
a special pleader for the attention of newspaper readers,
the great but unknown oriental conflict must now take a
back seat in the affections of American readers, what
ever may happen in the theater of contest. The Amer
ican national political pot has commenced to boil, and
everything else is secondary until the fires of enthu
siasm are out.
I bear privately that David Christie
Murray, author of "One Traveler Re
turns" and many other novels, is sa
rSouEly ill.
On* of the most Interesting literary
events of the month has been the pub-
George Sand's centenary occurs next
month and will be celebrated, in Paris,
\>y a performance at the Odeon of her
play. "Le Demon au Foyer." by an ex
hibition of portraits and other objects
teaching upon the life of the novelist,
and by the unveiling of a new statue
of Maje. eand by the sculptor Sicard.
This shows her^eated upon a favorite
bench in Nohant in her native province
of Berri. The marble figure is charm
ing and coquettish, has a rose in its
hair, and is considered much more
ti uthful than the one which elands in
the foyer to the Theatre Francaise.
t. hkh is so unlike its subject that
Jules Saideau. a lifelong friend of
George Sand, asked whom it repre
r.ented. By the way, the authoress'
old country-bouse at Palalsau, v/here
fceveral of her later books were writ
tea, is now to let.
"My little book," wrote Charles Dar
win, in a hitherto unpublished letter of
his that has Just turned up in Lon
don, "will not be ready until the au
tumn." By his little book, the great
E&tcrailtt meant "The Origin of Spe
cies." The letter In which this remark
©rears was addressed by Darwin to a
friend in Jamaica, who had sent him a
Jamaican beehive, and In commenting
upon ft the naturalist observes that the
cells are larger than those of British
curr.bf, in the proportion of sixty to
Cfty-one. He goes on, characteristic
ally, "The size of the cells of European
combs is so uniform that I think I re
member that tome wild man proposed
them as a standard unit of measure
ment. The walls of the cells are, I
am sore, considerably thicker than in
our cells, but I have as yet made no
precise measurements."
In his introduction to his "Success
Among Nations," -Just published by the
Harpers, Dr. Err.il Reich states that the
work is the outgrowth of a suggestion
made to him by Curtis Brown, chief of
the London staff of this paper.
lic." with •which he set philosophers.
scientists and religious folk by the ears
nearly a quarter of a century ago. As
in that work, the author has gathered
several sufficiently unlike people at a
country houi=e and set them to talking
on the ultimate questions of the uni
verse, the main j»o!nt at issue, how
ever, being the relation of religion to
¦cience. In this book Mallock has been
co less satirical than in his much dis
cussed "Is Life Worth Living?" Parts
cf "The Veil of the Temple" appeared
anonymously In one of the reviews,
and. says Mallock in his preface, "it
has beta brought to my knowledge that
many readers were offended to a high
degree." There Is no doubt that the
book is daring or that It ¦will worry the
orthodox, and the discussion which it
has aroused seems likely to be a
lengthy one.
Personally Mallock is one of the most
popular men in London society. He is
cten everywhere, and they eay Jokingly
that frcm the time he leave* London at
the end of one season until he arrives
again at the beginning of the next be
eteeps not a single night at his own
expense. He is not one of the authors
cf the day who have got into society
en the strength of their works, for he
li a member of an old and renowned
Devonshire family, his brother being
the present owner of Cockington Hall,
rear Torquay. His work "Is Life Worth
Living?" has been translated into al
most every known tongue. At Oxford
he won the Newdlgate prize for a poem.
Mallock has now arrived In London for
the season and taken up his abode in
Curzon street, a few doors from the
Marlboroughs' bouse and in the center
of the fashionable American colony in
llayfair.
If W. H. MalTock's new work. "The
Veil of the Temple." has not already
teen published in the United States its
appearance there is not likely to be de
layed long, for the work is regarded
here as the most striking that Mallork
has produced since "The New Repub-
HEADQl'ARTEF.S OF THE CALL.
E HENRIETTA STREET. COVENT
GARDEN. LONDON. June 5.— Readers
¦ t home may be In.erested in hearing
that W. II. MaJloek. v.ho wrote "Is Life
Worth Living?" and "The New Repub
lic." and whose latest work. "The Veil
of the Temple," ie the book of the hour
In this country at present, is a fpecial
favorite •with the mori prominent
American society fo!k la the metropo
1!*. He !s frequently a guest of the
Bradley-Martins at thejr town hou<«e in
Chesterfield Garu>r.?. and among his
tr.o?t intimate friends is William Wal
dorf Astor. with ¦whom he often stays
at Cliveden, the millionaire's beautiful
summer home on the Thames, near
Taplow. Mr. Mallock was, in fact, the
second person in London to hear of
Mr. Astor' s change of citizenship. He
•*as at ihe house of Lady Jeune when
a letter arrived from Mr. Astor to the
wife of the famous divorce court Judge
Faying that as she had been his best
friend in England he wanted her to be
the f.m to know that he had taken the
necessary step* toward becoming an
Englishman, and Mr. Astor added.
•Tell MaHock."
E^tcU! Corr'asr-ndenc*
London Literary Gossip.
boys face — a look such as I have
never seen before but once. He was
transfigured before me. Something
greater almost than anything human
shone from his eyes. He threw back
his head and said in Dutch, 'I will rot
yaj-.' There was nothing foivjt," con
cluded the major, "but to shake hands
with the boy and go away." — Johan
nesburg Star.
The joke -worked like a charm. Elec
tion day came and Hume" received the
unanimous vote of several hundred
mill men and was duly elected. Hume
was the most astounded man In the
county when he saw the returns. But
it was all as regular as clockwork and
for the ensuing term It will be Judga
William R. Hume of John Day Town
ship, Clatsop County, Oregon.
In his ordinary business relations,
"Will Hume Is vice president and gen
eral manager of the Tongue Point
Lumber Company, with headquarters
at Astoria, Ore. Hundreds of men are
employed there, the concern being one
of the large Interests controlled by the
Hume family. At the general State
election in Oregon last week it occur
red that a ticket was to be elected in
Clatsop County. There was a Justice
of the Peace to be chosen for John
Day Township in which the Tongue
Point Lumber Company's mills are lo
cated.
A few days before election George
E. Jackson, the Oakland attorney, who
was visiting Hume, cetermined to
thrust his host Into politics. Unknown
to Hume, Jackson quietly circulated
among the men and by rigorous cam
paigning passed the word along that
Hume desired to be chosen to the Jus
ticeship.
That "William R. Hume, son of
George W. Hume, the millionaire head
of the Alaska Packers' Association,
with other extensive Interests that
place him in the forefront with men of
affairs on the Pacific Coast, should be
entitled to the distinction of writing
his name Judge Hume will come as a
surprise to the young man's wide circle
of acquaintances in this city as well
as in Oakland, the Hume family's
place of. residence.
That young Judse Hume is a real
.wearer of the judicial ermine is a fact
'will be a greater surprise. But fact it
is and a jolly story of a Joke is behind
it all.
A Judge Despite Himself.
"Did I ever keep him at home? Did
I not share his glory? Even thi.« last
fatal victory., it was I bid him go
forth. Did he not pat me on the back,
call me brave Err.rna. and say. II
there were more Emmas there would
ho mere Nelsons?' Does he not in his
lnst moments do me justice and re
quest at the moment of hJs glorious
death that the King end the nation
will do me Justice? And I have got
all his letters and nfar eight hundred
of the Queen of Naples' letter* to
show what I did for my King and
country, and pretti'.y I am rewarded.'
Regarding her detractors. • "Emm*.
Hamilton," as she signs herself, says:
"Pshaw! I am above them; I despise
them: for, thank God, I feel that, hav
ing lived v.-ith honor and glory, glory
they cannot take from' me, I despise
them— my soul is above them, and I
can yet make some of them tremble
by showing them how he despised
them, for In his letters to me he
thought aloud."
This letter was written by Lady
Hamilton to Nelson's former secretary
and chaplain, Dr. Scott.
HATDEN CHURCH.
Oration of a letter written by Lady
Hamilton. Lord Nelson's friend, in
v.hkn she refers indignantly to the
report* regarding her relations with
;he gT«»at f-?a fighter.
••You know," she says to her cor
respondent, "the great and virtuous
affrction he had for me, the love he
boie my husband and 5f 1 had any in
fluence over him I used it for the good
of my country.
This statement seems to hit the situation exactly.
The public has recovered from its fever land is going
slowly, perhaps too slowly. There is such k thing as too
much caution. Conservatism carried to an extreme be
comes fear, which is a great deterrent to trade. There
is nothing in the condition of business in the United
States to-day to justify anybody in getting alarmed or
withdrawing his funds from legitimate channels of in
vestment. Standard stocks in Wall street are down to
a point where they are as safe as investments as they
ever get, for there is nothing absolutely safe in this life,
and even low values often go still lower for a time. But
with money in large supply everywhere, with no fail
ures heavy enough to cause alarm, with crop prospects,
which, to say the least, sre excellent, with a great foreign
trade and a first-rate demand for staple merchandise all
over the United States, the commercial conditions of the
country may be considered as sound as it is possible for
them to get. Quotations for some lines of goods may
go lower still, and some ought to go lower to get where
they belong, but any marked decline now will almost
surely be followed by an upward reaction later on.
This is the view taken by the ablest financiers of the
country, and they ought to know. Hence their surprise
that the public do not take advantage of the present
reasonable prices to invest in the standard securities
which are paying their 3, 4 an J 5 per cent dividends
right along. Indeed, there have been indications of
late that such an investment movement is now on the
eve of starting. Take the New York stock market, for
instance. What appeared to be the beginning of an up
ward movement was under way last week when the
Southern Pacific Company, without a word of warn
ing, launched a huge bugaboo on the market, as a
malicious boy frightens tHe baby with the precipitate
apparition of a hairy and ferocious jack-in-the box, and
the upward movement got a shock that took its breath
away, and it came to an abrupt halt.
This was the announcement that $100,000,000 in pre
ferred stock was to be issued, that it would pay a 7 per
cent dividend and that $40,000,000 of this would be issued
immediately. As this would put a stop to any contem
plated dividends on the common stock, the announce
ment fell like a wet blanket on the market and for the
time being paralyzed if. An . immediate recession all
along the line of stocks took place. London thought it
over a day or so, came to the conclusion that it did not
like it, and began to sell the two Pacifies, Union and
Southern. New York took up the cue and the bull move
ment in stocks was nipped in the very bud, for some
days, at least.
But general business was not appreciably affected by
this setback in Wall street. As mentioned in this column
last week, the condition of. the crops is the controlling
factor in the trade situation this year, and what the
Southern Pacific does with its stock has no effect on the
growth of the wheat and corn in the fields. They grow
right along just the same and are doing so well that the
banks, railroads and large exporters of farm products
are looking forward to a very fair fall trade in conse
quence, in spite of the usual deterrent influence of the
coming Presidential election, which seems to have been
pretty well discounted and is not causing much talk this
year. Nobody expects any abnormal activity during the
rest of 1904, but the condition of the crops and the gen
eral status of the industries almost guarantee a fair
average movement of merchandise and farm products.
Stocks of many lines of goods are now even with the
consumption, but there is no serious accumulation re
ported in any line, and while steel and iron, textile and
Hour mills are closing down every few days all over the
I country, it will be observed that they always start up
again in a few days, and thus far there have not been
any prolonged shot-downs in any important manufactur
ing districts. Wages of operatives "have been reduced
at a number of centers, but the reductions have not been
severe, and as a rule have been accepted by the men
without much murmur, as it is realized that the manu
facturer and the railroad shareholder are taking their
medicine, too. in the form. of decreased dividends.
The staples show little change. Provisions have been
From one end of the country to the other we now
hear that business is quiet, that we have entered upon a
period of recession, that conservatism' is the present
number on the programme and that it is imperative that
every well-ordered citizen go slowly and make no
mercantile mistakes. It is the fashion of the day, like
the Panama hat, and every man says that business is
(;uiet, whether he finds it so or not. This is but another
illustration of the old aphorism that men are sheep; that
they herd together and follow each other and bleat the
As a matter of fact, business, while quiet and possibly
getting quieter, is not really dull, taking the country as
a whole. It is the contrast with the remarkable activity
of the past five or six years that makes it appear so.
The great boom is over, conditions are settling to a more
tranquil and normal plane, fewer new enterprises arc
being floated, and profits are smaller, while production,
:.fter a wild chase to catch up with the consumption, ex
tending over a period of j-ears, has at last overtaken it.
It has been a stern chase, which, sailors tell us, is always
a long one.
A keen-eyed New York banker, evidently well posted
on the current situation, says in a late issue of the Wall
Street Journal: '"Theje is a very healthy demand for
well secured bonds of municipalities, railways and cor
porations, which are offered at attractive prices. In
vestors are very discriminating in their purchases. They
insist on buying only recurities of undoubted merit, and
will only buy these when offered at attractive prices.
The caution on the part of investors is a natural reaction^
from the speculative excesses of a little time ago. In->
vectors are probably a little too cautious now, but it i3
better that they should be in this frame of mind than
not cautious enough. Investors will not touch speculative
securities of doubtful stability. * The bond market bene
fits thereby. Funds that formerly were put into specu
lative stocks are now going into high-grade securities.
Ik traveling through the Middle West I noted signs of
business contraction, but I saw nothing that should give
cause for alarm. Conditions at the bottom are Very
sound."
IT is carious to observe the effect of public sentiment
on current business conditions. It is as strongly
marked as it is upon politics. Several years ago it
was considered every man's dut\- to 'proclaim, through
a megaphone, if necessary, the extraordinary activity of
trade and the wonderful richness and prosperity of the
country; to-day the feeling is equally pronounced that
it is every mans duty to mumble the funereal word
"conservatism" every little while as the surly parrot on
his perch croaks 'pretty polly" at regular intervals, or
the devout Mussulman mutters bis prayer.
RATHER MORE TONE VISIBLE.
doing somewhat better of late, as the packers at the
Western centers arc showing more disposition to sup
port the market. Wool has been moving off briskly
and a fortnight or so ago prices for the raw wool ad
vanced ic per pound all around. Wheat, corn and cot
ton have sought lower 'values, but the declines have not
been violent. The iron- and steel situation remains as
for some weeks past, business being quirt, while quota
tions do not show much change from day to day. Lum
ber is reported dull in the. Eastern and Western slopes
of the country, but fairly active in the Northwest. The
bank clearings are running along about the same, last
week's figures showing a loss of 15.6 per cent from last
3ear, with aggregate' clearings of $1,863,000,000, which
are below the normal. The failures for the week were
257, against 213 last year. The railway earnings thus
far received show a loss of 7.1 per cent in May, which
is an unfavorable exhibit, as the decrease for the two or
three months preceding May had been only about 3 or 5
per cent ns a rule. This decrease in railway earnings
shows the current contraction in business.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor Address AH Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Hanager
Publication Office ),...... .Third and Market Streets, S. F.
MONDAY ••••••• .•••• "...JUNE 20, 1904
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, JUNE 20. 1904
An Oakland Judge has demonstrated to a suffering and
patient public that it still has some .rights which must
be respected. He has decreed that bicyclists must not
usurp the walks provided for pedestrians, but must take
their chances on the broader thoroughfares given to the
traffic of teams. This involves an injustice to that
worthy servant of man. the horse, but it insures a ma
terial measure of relief to inoffensive humanity.
If the assassination of the Governor General of Fin
land does nothing more for humanity than to remind the
world once more of the desperate condition of a cruelly
oppressed race it will have done much. The Finns,
worthy of the good will and the highest consideration of
their political masters, are offering to-day an example
of twentieth century oppression .as evil in its aspect as
any that blackens the pages of sixteenth century history.
CRIMEAN WAR— M. and Veterans'
Home. Cal. During the Crimean war.
1S53-55. It Is estimated that the total
loss of besiegers and besieged amounted
In the aggregate to 150.000 killed in ac
tion and died from wounds. It i-» al*o
stated that the British lost in killed,
died of wounds, of cholera and other
diseases C6.STS. the French from the
same causes. 63.500 and ths Russians
from all causes 90,000.
Townsend's California Glace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market St.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 220 Cal
ifornia atre«t. Telephone Mala 1042. •
DRAW PEDRO — Mission it?. City.
If in a game of draw pedro A ami B
have each one point to go, A bid3 five
and makes high. jacl:. grame and pe
dro. and B makes low, A goes out
because he, by reason of having made
high, la entitled to count first and hav
ing made high. jack, game and pedro,
made more than his bid and the point
required to make him win.
Annually, for many years, the single survivor of an
Illinois regiment, which fought gallantly in the Mexican
War, holds a reunion, calls the roll of the dead, and in
a single, solemn audience with himself pays tribute to
those gone and to the deeds of valor that distinguished
his soldier band. The old fellow probably feels that if
he is lonesome he is still in pretty good company 'with
himself and his memories of the olden time.
6
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESOne might think that the Vice Presi
dency is a second cousin to the tin can
tied to a dog's tail.
Reliable /gas ranges $16 60, regular
price $20. this week only at S. F. Gas
& Electric Co.; 415 Post st. ?
This reservoir will have a capacity of 2,500.
000 barrels and will be next to the 1,000.000
barrtl receptacle in course of erection. The
latter is the largest hitherto attempted. The
Standard is now roofing Its reservoir No. 11,
and No. 12 Is filled with oil. Work Is pro
gressing on the others. The large amount of
work done on the reservoirs at Kern River U
et. evidence of the great confidence that is felt
by oil men in the future of the oil Industry,
and In the Kern River field in particular.. The
great corporations are storing the oil In such
enormous quantities, waiting for the time when
they will get their money back from the higher
prices certain to prevail In the near future.
There Is a large amount of drilling going on
at the present time In the field. One oil man
declared, yesterday evening tn«t the Held is
According to the Bakersfield Callfor
nian the Associated Oil Company, will
soon begin the construction of, the larg
est oil reservoir in the Kern River dis
trict. The Californian says:
Receptacle for Kern River Petroleum
to Hold 2,500,000 Barrels.
LARGEST OF* RESERVOIRS.
There is a prospect, so says the Hum
boldt Standard, that a canal may be
constructed to lead the waters of the
Eel River into Humboldt Bay of suf
ficient capacity to accommodate water
traffic between the I Eel River section
and the bay. No definite action has
been taken. The Standard says that
this is the revival of. a scheme that has
been talked of for years— to dig a canal
around the seaward base of Table Bluff
connecting the Eel River by means of
the sloughs with South Bay. It is ru
mored that the Hammond interests are
back of the plan. V
Scheme of Value to Shipping Men In
Eureka Is Revived.
CANAL FOR JIUMBOLDT.
Interesting Experiment** to Determine
Value of IrrUratlnc Grain Fields.
The Modesto News gives an Interest
ing account of experiments in the line
of irrigating grain lands in Stanislaus
County. The News says in part:
Am preliminary to similar experiments to be
made in this section next year and as part of
the irrigation studies now being carri«d on in
Modesto and Turlock irrigation districts In co
operation with the State University and the
State Board of Examiners, Frank Adams, ir
rigation assistant in tile offlce of experiment
stations of the United States Department of
Agriculture, recently irrigated two acres of
barley tbrec mllea eaet of Ceres, on the farm
of C. N. Whitnjore. to determine something of
the feasibility of irrigating grain in th* Mo
desto and Turlock districts. To-day a repre
sentative of the Newa saw several stools of the
irrigated grain and several stools from the
same field that were not Irrigated. The con
trast was strikingly In favor of the Irrigated
crop and decidedly encouraging to thceo wbo
believe Irrigation of grain will pay here as it
do's elsewhere. The irrigated lands were fully
a third better than those from the non-irri
gated stools and showed no signs whatever
of rhrinking. while the stems and leaves were
still grten and growing.
The non-irrigated product, on the other
band, had ceased growing, both heads and
steins being dry and in a state of rapid shrink
age from the dry winds of the past week. The
grain was irrigated by flooding the surface
from furrows about sixty -feet apart plowed
Into the field from the lateral. This is the
method the fanners of the mountain States
follow and which Professor Eiwood Mead and
ibose working under him In the United States
STANISLAUS CEREALS.
This season the company has .built an Im
mense acid plant, covering an area of more
than an acre of land. The acid plant Is only
a h-ninll part of the refinery's expansion and
only an auxiliary to the plant proper. Since a
year ago the distilling capacity of the works
has b*"n more than doubled and almost Sl.OlM).-
C00 has been expended for machinery and
additional buildings. On top of all this comes
a report that 100 ninety-foot storage tanks are
to be built on the ground but lately purchased
from William Mlntzer. The six new ones now
under construction ara the beginning of this
grdut enterprise.
The growth of the Standard Oil Com
pany's great refining plant at Point
Richmond is rapid. According to the
Point Richmond Record the capacity
of the plant has been doubled within a
year. The Record says:
Standard Oil Enterprise at Point Rich
mond Is Lnrcely Extended.
CAPACITY IS DOUBLED.
Gus Flanagan, Thomas Norton and
Thomas McFall Hve in the same block
on Corbett avenue. About 1 o'clock
yesterday morning Flanagan was on
his way home and passed Norton and
McFall. Nortpn remarked to McFall:
"I can lick that fellow Flanagan," and
Flanagan turned back. There was a
mix-up and Flanagan says McFall as
sisted Norton and that they knocked
him down and kicked him on the face.
Policemen Beggs and Filbin were noti
fied and they arrested Norton and Mc-
Fall on a charge of assault with intent
to do great bodily injury. Flanagan
was sent to the office of Dr. J. Sullivan,
8476 Seventeenth street, where two
laoerated wounds on his face were
stitched and dressed.
Kiel it on Corbet t Avenue.
Of the 2154 children of school age 40 are.
foreign born. The different races are repre
sented as follows:
White, 2132; negro, 6; Indian 6; Mongo
lians, 8; Filipinos, 3.
There are 715 children under flve years of
age. all native born, and all white, except
three Mongolians.
Of the 2154 children 17SG are attending
school — 1CM belngHn the public schools and
132 -In private echflbls, while 368 are not at
tending any school.
The above indicates a decided improvement
In tho condition of the schools as far as at
tendance Is concerned, as the lact report gave
the number of children In the public schools
at 1210, in private schools 172. Although the
«3< c :-lct was considerably smaller there were
454 reported ae not attending any school as
compared with 368 this year In the larger dis
trict.
School Census Marshal J. F. R. Arrellanes
has filed with County Superintendent Edward3
his report on the enumeration of the school
children of Hanta Barbara, and the document
makes a very creditable showing in the In
crease in the number of children of "school
ago" and in the number attending the pub
lic schools. O
The total number of children between th5
ages of 5 and 17 Is reported as 2154. On the
customary basis of figuring 4% to 1 to estimate
the population this would indicate a popu
lation of «6«3 for Santa Barbara — u very satis
factory Increase over the population as shown
by the Federal census of 1DCO. which gave the
city a population of 0587. But with the small
army of mechanics who have come here dur
ing the past year, leaving their children In
their former homes until they could get per
manently established, and the acquisition of
many wealthy families having no children of
school age. It Is palpable that the ratio In the
ca«e of this city should be at least C to 1 and
that Santa Barbara, therefore, has a population
of more than 10.700.
A very satisfactory growth is figured
out for Santa Barbara by the Santa
Barbara Independent, which estimates
the present population to be more than
10,000. The substance of the finding is
as follows:
On Basis of School Census Population
Is 10,000.
SANTA BARBARA GROWS.
Every person In Fruitvale believes in
its future. This is an important con
sideration when the purpose of the
Board of Trade in advertising the ad
vantages of the town Is considered. De
Los Pratt, who is credited with having
erected lM buildings in Fruitvale,
says there Is no question that its growth
is assured and that It Is steadily ad
vancing. So says President Lorsbach
of the Board of Trade. So, too, urges
H. A. Pleitner. In fact, all the repre
sentative citizens believe that greater
growth and prosperity than Fruitvale
has ever known will soon be seen. No
part of the State Is better Bltuated to
take advantage of all the prosperity
that comes or that can be invited by
combined effort and persistent and
carefully planned w r ork, nor is any lo
cation more pleasing as a place of resi
dence.
We have the best climate around the bay.
We have a population ranging from 10,000 to
12.000. as we learn from the results of the
school census. The tidal canal runs through
th* entire length of the town. At East Oak
land are the steel wire works and cotton mills.
The canal makes It probable that manufactur
ing enterprises will be located In Fruitvale.
Henry Barkmeyer, who is well known
to all people in Fruitvale, said:
OPINION'S OP CITIZENS.
When the boulevard In completed it will b
one of the most beautiful scenic thoroughfare*
near the Bay of San Francisco. Fruitvale has
fine climate, fine roads, handsome dwellings,
a rood school sysUm good churches, constant
and rapid communication with fiaji Francisco
and with other points on the bay. Large ex
pectation* are bai«ed on reasonable grounds — a
picturesque location and a flna class of citi
zens.
In our new organisation we have enlisted
the bfst mnn we coulrt get as membrs. They
are all competed and Identified vlth the pro.«
perltjr of Fruitvale. We belk-ve that the Board
of Trade will prove to be a tucctss and we
rely upon It to ni^ke known the Joys of life
r.t-r? and th» advantages that are held out to
whoever may see fit to cast In his lot with
us. We have a mile now of water front on
the tidal canal with 25 fe*t of water. We are
on the broad gauge line of the Southern Pa
cific Company. The electric railway passes
through Fruitvale and the care on that line
make frequent trips. We have a lockl street
railway that connects the different sections of
Fruitvale. Two miles from the railway station
of the Southern Paclac Company's local lines
In Fruitvale are some of the finest cherry
orchards In the State. A boulevard 1« project
ed to be built from High street to Haywards,
fourteen miles lone.
Department of Agriculture and the University
of California believe can b? adooted on much
of the land hire, not only for grain alone, but
a!so for alfp.!fa and other flfld crons. The
water wa« applied on May .'J to a depth of
about thr^-p lncbes. and while it should have
boen aDjilied a month earlier, the experiment
hss shown ell that could tx- expected so late
In the season. The department hopes to make
a similar «xiiTltr.ent next season in time to
prepare cround prior to planting and to Irri
gate at the proper time and to the proper ex
tent. In the meantime it can he stated that th?
Irrigation of zrain Ik a matteribat may well
e'alm the thought of our irrigators. There Is
no doubt whatever that water will make htter
crops than now. and even the partial results
obtained by the Department of Agriculture
should encourage tht farmers to try the thing
for themselves and thus help to determine by
practical field tests, ouch as the department
hopes to m«k A next year, how far the Increased
yield will justify the expenditure of time and
money In preparing the land and applying the
water.
United Action Gives
Hope for Early
Betterment.
EXPECT GOOD TO ARISE.
The people of FruitvaJe naturally ex
pect much good from the organization
of this representative body. Lying
6<..me miles from the bay of San Fran
cisco and shielded by distance from
cold winds, Fruitvale hag long been
famous for the mildness of Its climate
and for roses that grow within its bor
ders. The last few years have given
it a water front on the tidal canal that
connects San Leandro Bay and Oak
land harbor.
With the charm of fine climate and
with a rich boII adapted to flowers and
fruits as lures to the people from the
outside to make their homes in Fruit
vale — which is known all over the coast
for It* handsome ' Fruitvale avenue —
the town now has an expectation of
possible manufacturing plants, which
ere made feasible by the depth of water
lr. the tidal canal.
E. H. RudPll pays of Fruitvale and of
Its new Board of Trade:
"We, the undersigned." bo reads the
agreement signed by all the present
members of the Board of Trade, "have
voluntarily associated ourselves to
gether for the purpose of forming an
organization to bear the name of the
Board of Trade of Fruitvale, California.
The purposes for which it Is organized
are to advertise and make Fruitvale
better known at home and abroad,
thereby causing the development of our
town and promoting the welfare of our
scJves and of our fellow townsmen."
On that platform all Fruitvale can
safely stand. Among those who are
row active members of the board are
the following:
De Loss Pratt. H. A. Pleltner, Isaac U
feaxton. W. E. Rudell, Charles F. Lee. J. K.
Ooa<3>\ Elrod & Hull. George E. Bund}-. W.
O. TJy.rnally. J. F. Valladao, H. \V. Davie, G.
ii. Robrback P. W. Ehrhart, John L. Bold,
William fc-hafer Valentine, G. Hush. II. C
<;arlock, J. E. Uundy. L. L. M. Sa!»bury,
George R- Warren, c. E. Archer. F. J. Hotch
kiM, M. M. Epltzer. I'. H. Blake Jr. A. C.
Jarobaon. Frar.k J. Zeff. J. D. Baw-ett, A. G.
Fr.etzlnger. Frank StudiKar, Alfred Rubinson.
Frank Lynch. F. C. Nelecn M. J. Greenway,
F. fr\ Dur.Ievy, P. H. Blake. Max Nlckhau?,
Oorje Macdonald. George J. Haus. II. V.
Krmy. Charien Harrison, -A. J. Waterhouse, C.
L'iderker. Joseph Du Montier. C. F. Rere.lt.
Adolph Lorsbach, R. Turnbull, Dr. L. B.
Smith. O. W. Carson. J. Bridge, J. H. Allen.
J. B. Pippin Jr.. E. H. Marwedel. Dr. Daniel
Crofby J. II. FerrcJl, P. O. FreUerlckson, O
A. Rice, A. Scharfter, J. VV. H. XUley, D. M.
Heagerty. W. Taylor, Charles Grubb.
AGREE FOR PROMOTION.
Fruitvale wisely and reasonably as
pires to be in the van of progress with
ether communities about the bay of
San Francisco. Only recently the first
meeting of its Board of Trade was held.
The membership was then compara
tively Email. There has since been an
increase. Nearly every business man
in Fruitvale has joined the board and
X'rofessional men and every class of
citizens are now represented on its
roster. The membership now niimbers
100.
Some account of the formation of this
Hoard of Trade has hitherto appeared
in the columns of The Call. Adolph
Lorcbach is the president; W. S. Dun
l«?vy, vice president; J. L. Du Moutier,
•secretary, and H. A. Pleitner, treasurer.
At the first meeting E. H. Marwedel,
George J. Haus, George E. Lund and
Frank Lynch were appointed a com
mittee on constitution and by-laws. To
this committee is confided the task of
framing the rules and laws of the or
ganization. The purpose of the or
panization, however, was amply and
concisely expressed in the document
circulated for the signatures of citi
zens when the proposition to have a
board of trade was new. W. E. Ru-
Ctli and De Loss Pratt were the orig
inal movers. They were seconded at
once by M. L. Du Moutier, to whom is
given the credit of drafting the agree
ment upon which the Board of Trade
organization was based.
Yesterday the sentlemen visited Iron Can
yon, and although they did not have the time
to make anything like a systematic study or
th» place they wore much Interested in the
prospectH which may develoa later.
To-morrow thes«e gentlemen, together with
Prnfrwor Adams and 'Harvey C. StlUa. will
Journey un Llttlt- Chlco to Inspect a reported
reservoir site In the canyon. It Is hoped that
this trip will remit In Interesting the Govern
ment in that locality for h reservoir.
After a carrful study of' the relative condi
tions of Northern and Southern California. Mr.
Lawson exfTPersed much surprise and disap
pointment that this end of the State has so
few reservoir sites, while Southern California
has an abundance of sites, but the scarcity of
water makes them of little avail. This local
ity ha* an abundance of water, but lacks the
necssary sites for the reservoirs. There Is
much hope, however, from what has recently
been reported. Miat some splendid sites will be
found which will answfr every requirement.
tlie creeks which will receive the Immediate
attention of the scientists are Hlir Chlco. Little
chlco. Butte. Ory Creek and IVer Crfek. These
men have come with a four-hores riK and are.
prepared to maka every lnvestleatlon which
will outline a work which may be taken up in
detail by representatives of this department
who will com* later.
L. M. Lawson and J. G. Atklnnon. repre
senting the United States Geological Survey,
are making: Chlco their base of operations
while an extend! <1 examination Is made of the
creeks which run down from the western
slope of the SlTra Mountains to the Sacra
mento River. These <r«ntlemen are working
under the Department of the Interior, in what
Is known as the reclamation service, and their
Eppcial mlr-Fion Is to look for reservoir site*,
on th» creeks, and to chart and estimate In
regard to the Impoundlntr of the many living
streams.
The Chlco Enterprise tells of the ex
plorations of the United States Geo
logical Survey for reservoir sites for
the storage of water In Northern Cali
fornia. The story In part is as follows:
Geological Survey Looking for Reser
voirs to Store Flood Waters.
— ?
SEEKING GOOD SITES.
as active row as he has seen It In many
ir.finthr. About forty strings of tools are run
ning on aiffrrent properties.
Addresses by some of the old soldiers
followed. The memorial address was
delivered by Rev. S. C. Patterson.
After the services at the camp Sulli
yan's band, now with Company A of
Oakland, favored the people of the city
with an or>en-air concert at the Hill
Plaza. The following was the pro
gramme: "The Star-Spangled Banner";
march, "Battleship Alabama" (H. C.
Mills); selection, "Prince of Pilsen"
(Ludus); waltz, "Florodora" (L. Stu
art); two-step. "Romona" (L. John
ston): trombone solo, Edwin Schram;
march. "Stars and Stripes Forever"
(Sousa); selection, "Wang" (W. Morse);
march, "Officer of the Day" (R. B.
Hall); "America."
PETALUMA, June 19.— Sunday was
memorial day at Camp Pardee. The
services were held In the large pavilion,
which was artistically decorated. Rev.
Mr. Powers of the Christian church
opened the services by prayer. Repre
sentatives of the different posts and
relief corps paid tribute to the departed
ones.
Exercises at Pctaliurm Conclude With
a Concert on the Public
Plaza.
CAMP PARDEK GIVES .
HONOR TO SOLDIER DEAD
PUBLIC-SPIRITED business men and other citizens of Frultvale,
in Alameda County, have now placed the now Board of Trade
ui>on a permanent footing. This organization has for its pur
pose the advancement of the interests of Frultvnle. It now has
one hundred members. On all possible occasions, at Ijoine and
abroad, the advantace«» of llvinjr in Frnitvnlc will be made known.
The reasonable hope is entertained that the progress o r tlic town
may be as rapid as that of any other community on the east shore of
the bay of San Francisco. Among: the facts that warrant this hope
are admirable locution, with fertile soil, a mild climate and deep
water frontage on the tidal canal.
One Hundred Earnest
Citizens' Fall Into
Line.
SOME OF THE BUILDINGS IN FRUITVALE THAT INDICATE THE GENERAL CLASS OP EXISTING PUBLIC IMPROVEMENTS.
The next noble grand arch will be
Charles de Legh, an attorney of
Stockton, who at this time is
the deputy grand arch. There are
several candidates anxious to be
chosen the successor of De Legh,
the most prominent being \V. G. An
tonovich, at present grand marshal.
M. Pozzi of Oakland and G. D. Dorn
of Salinas are anxious to be elected
grand marshal. James F. Martinoni,
incumbent grand secretary, is out for
renomination and there is but little
doubt that he will be re-elected, as
will be, in all probability. Frank J.
Horn, the incumbent grand treasurer.
A number of candidates are in the
field for the other offices that are to
be filled.
The Grand Circle of the Druidesse<?
will be in session in that city at the
same time. .- ...
At the session of the Grand Grove of
California of the United Ancient Order
of Druids, to be held In Santa Cruz this
week, the reports to be presented will
show that during the year now clos
ing the order under the executive ad
ministration of Noble Grand Arch
George Beck made a net gain of 695
members, increasing the numerical
strength of the organization until it
now reaches 10,098, distributed in 112
subordinate grroves throughout the
State, and Including two groves in the
State of Nevada. During: the year .
seven new groves were instituted, one
surrendered its charter, and two con
solidated.
Grand Arch Druidess Louisa Zazzi
has arrived from San Francisco and is
the guest of Mrs. E. P. Vaux. The arch
which has been greeted is studded with
several hundred electric lights and is
brilliant at night. The reception to
morrow evening will be a dazzling one,
with electrical illuminations, fireworks,
parade and band concert.
SANTA CRUZ. June 19.— Druids are
already arriving for the Grand Grove,
which is to be in session next week.
The preliminary arrangements are com
plete, and it Is to be a round of festivi
ties from the beginning to the end.
The lady Druids enter into all the fes
tivities connected with the session of
the Grand Grove. The members of the
coming local circle who are assisting
for the grand ball to be held Tuesday
evening are Mrs. E. P. Vaux, Miss
Gilda Canale, Miss Mary Steiner, Mrs.
Mary Costello, Miss Kittle Pedemonte,
Mrs. Carl Tiedt and Mrs. Mary Chap
pie. They also have charge of the deco
ration of the halls. The Grand Grove Is
to meet In the Odd Fellows' Hall and
the Grand Circle of Lady Druids at the
Native Sons' Hall.
Special Dispatch to The Call
kuch/Display Will Be Made
in Honor of the Society
While Convention Is Held
DECORATIONS PROFUSE
Preparations Under Way for
Week of Festivities Dur
ing Session of Grand Grove
DRUIDS GOING
TO SANTA CRUZ
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 20, 1904.
FRUITVALE'S BUSINESS MEN COME TOGETHER TO MAKE
BETTER KNOWN THE CHARMS OF A THRIVING LOCALITY
7
\M. X. HESS,
Notary Public and Attorn ey-at-Xaw. .
Tenth Floor, Room 1013, Claus Spreckela bid*.
Telephone Main 9$3. r-* -
Residence. 1S02 McAllister st.
• - Residence Telephone Fate 8041.
AMUSEMENTS.
l^f\ST R»X NIQHT8.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
MANAGEMENT DANIEL FKOHMAN.
IN THE MIRACLE PLAT.
THE PROUD PRINCE.
By the Author of "IF I WERE KINO."
Notice to Oakland Theater-Goer i:
MR. SOTHEBH will not rtslt Oakland
durintr his present tour.
Next Monday — Thpat^r Closes for Two Weeks.
July 11— ETHEL BARRYMORK.
ANOTHER BIG .NEW SHOW!
HELEN BERTBAM
Poster and Poster; Kowe and Scott; Ear-
row Trio; Oraeey and Burnett; Affonst,
Weston and Company; Eddie Heron and
Company; Roman! Trio; "Mlie," Tes-
ter's Dog-, and Orphetun Motion Tic-
tares, Showing Review of tse S. T.
FISE DEPARTMENT.
Re^'ilar matinee Every "Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c, 25c
am* ii'Jc.
AGAIN AN EVEXT.
ONCE MORE A GREAT NOVELTT.
FIRST TIME ANYWHERE.
"THE MORMONS"
IIILARIOrPLY Fl'NNT.
With the "All Star" Burlesque Cast — Edna
Auk, Fr^da Clalllrk (specially en?ra(red>. Gar-
rity Sinters, Yorke and Adam:". A I Fielda. Ed-
win Clark. Ben Dillon. Roy Alton.
A EewltchinKly Peautiful Chorun.
Lionel Lawrence's "Eight Radium Olrlt."
Ma:inpf" Saturday and Sunday.
Samo Popular Prices.
I Special Matinee on July 4.
BRAND0W~AND WILEY,
And a Splendid Snow l^rtxy Afternoooa
and Eventaff In the Tieatar. ':,-*,!
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
M1N1ATTTEE ELECTUIC RAX&R0AP.
Esmerclda and Her PABY MONKET la th«
Zoo.
INSPECT OARARET DE LA MORT. \
Hear the PNEUMATIC SYMPHONY OR-
CHESTRION.
AMATEUR HXOET TST/RSSAT.
Admission. 10c; Chil.fren. 3c.
\
Pahirp D0N ' T FA!L T0 '
ldiatC gce thc besots!
j COURT Lounging
/.flfl room, the EMPIRE
unu parlor, the
n i PALM ROOM, the
liniflQ LQUIS XV PAR.
ui uiiu L 3^ and the LA<
U~i.~1~ DIES' WRITING
Hotels RooM -
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
V2ESH A2H> SAIiT MEATS.
I1C EnVCC fr m Shipping Butchers, 163
JAS. DUltb tt VU. gay. TeL Main 13*.
OTXS.
LP SS i agsi. fl £^. f£ffgd? m^ 3 -
F. C. HU0BES. PBIH^r^2^!: «v *.
Because it reconstructs worn-out nerve
tissue, is a refreshing, revitalizing, tonic
food-medicine, prepared especially to re-
build the worn-out nerves. /
"My son, when 17 years old. had epl-
lepBy: could not attend school. Follow-
ing the failure of physicians to cure
him. we gave Dr. Miles' Nervine and
Nerve and Liver Pills. In ten months
he regained perfect health." — J. S. WIL-
SOX, Dep. Co. Clerk. Dallas Co., Mo.
The- first bottle will benefit; If not. the
druggist will return your money.
Dr. Miles*
Restorative Nervine
Include .til affections of the brain, spinal
cord and nerves; they embrace ¦ head
troubles, such as Dizziness. Dullness.
Headache, Fits, Blues, Melancholy and
Insanity.
Also, Backache, Neuralgia. St Vltus*
Dancp. Epilepsy and all disorders aris-
ing from a weakness of the nerves of
any organ or part, as Weak Lungs.
Heart, Stomach. Kidney, Bladder, etc.
The nerves furnish energy that keeps
In motion every organ of the body.
If you have any. of these ailments
your nerves are affected and you need
Nervous Disorders
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMEOT3. I
TIV0U8S&I
£p»k b 0 Performance
- _ _ A
0 ft if! great
1111 TRIUMPH
i MAGN1F1CKNT PRODUCTION.
DKAUTIFU1. 8CENFRT.
SUPEHB COSTUMES.
WB GREAT CAST
Seats always polling — 25i\ 50c. 75c.
Vsual Tlvoli Prices— Only Matinee Satur.
8gcoRDWE»K r rr»«i\rir*H r r
sCOKStNCING * i#"ll!ljn 1 .
SPECIAL MUINCE ¦vfXT WEDNESDAY
REGUI>AH MATINEE SATURDAT.
TO-NIOHT at 8 Sharp.
DAVID BfcLASCO
FnESENTS MRS.
Leslie GARTER
s: j J ¦ as
In His New Play.
DU BHf>n'Y
PRICES— $2.00. *1.50. $1.00, 7.'k: and 50c.
CALIFORNIA
J&l TO-XIGHT Egiu
FAREW3L1. WEEK OP THE
OLIVER MOSOSCO COMPANY, i
Presenting the runniest Pares i
Ever "Written.
1 A PRINCE Of LIARS 1 1
LAST BARGAIN MATINEE j
THURSDAY. t
VOTE. — rcllowtasr the concln- ¦-
¦Ion ot the entrasrenient of the Oli-
ver Morosco Company the Califor-
nia will close for the summer, re- 5
— , openlnr for the regular season on n
1 J N^ 2£<& '^r^^
AT f^ A T A T1 Belasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR msrr
General Manager.
TO-RIGHT — AX.& WEEK
MATS.— TirURS. AND SATS.
Clyde Fitch's Famous Pastoral Comedy,
I OVERS' g AME
Georkeous Production — Great Cast.
Last Week 1 of Stock Company Season.
Kvr., 25c to 7Sc. Mats. Thurs. & Sat.. 25c to 50c
Next Monday — The Romantic Actor, '
WHITE WHITTLESEY
y - Opens Summer KnsagTnrnt in
• "SOI.DIEBS OF POBTUnS."
Market Street, Near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
Magnificent Spectacular Production of George
R. Sim's Famous Masterpiece.
"LIGHTS O' LONDON"
. Etupecdoua Scenic Effect*. London Bridge by
Night.
Full Strength Central Stock Company.
TESTIMONIAL BENEFIT WEEK.
For the Distinirutshed Veteran Actor
L. R. STOCKWELU
Who Appears in the Celebrated Role of Jarvls,
the Thespian.
pDIffC Evening* lOc to 50c
lAlvLJ Matinees lOc. 15c. 25o
Week June 27— POWER OF THE CROSS.
sf% n ft R B% Outfits, Gun*. Ammaal-
II n MnBI *><>"¦ Fishing and Outing
I fla&Ga&B* Gocds. Tent» and Guns to
llUBSir Ilent - CATALOG FREE.
VII IV 11 SHREVE ft BARBER CO.
£21 Kearny it.. S. b\
Weekly Call $1 per Year
BEOAL SHOES. % '
Xhe greatest shoe comfort in summer
consists in cool sweatless feet
/p|§||s. No leather ever tanned is
jp§fjp|§£v so light, cool, clean an&
e^^^^SK^P^L sweat-dispelling as " Valvic
IE SSlilBBifi^ Ventilating Calfskin," used
liiilfc ! i -ilP^fiK^f If our bus j ness were tan -
\ T^ n S leather instead of mak-
ing Regal Shoes we should
x "^liiii§iiiSL be ablc to seU we could
There arc ]^^^^^^^^^ y ou would never
47 see ** "* an y loe
' other newest costin g 5™*' leSS
custom styles * . JSjfi ian Slx dollars —
in Regal Ox- an(^ f ew
fords. costing" less than
But we tan Valvic Calfskin for Regal Shoes only— and
your Valvic Calfskin Regals cost you just $3.50, as always,
—just one more evidence of the economy of the Regal
"Tannery to Wearer" direct way of selling six-dollar
shoes at the wholesale price.
Send for Stylo Boole—Mail Orders promptly filled*
There are 72 fcegal Stores. 25 of them in Greater New York, where the styles
originate. The new styles are on sale at our San Francisco Store at the same
time as in the New York Stores.
Women's Regal Shoes embody all the latest custom designs of
leading bootmakers of New York, London and Paris. 90 nezo
styles — one price.
SAN FRANCISCO MEN'S STORE Cor. Geary & Stockton Sts.
WOMEN'S STORE Cor. Geary & Stockton Sts.-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. JUNE 20, 1904
8
HELP WASTED F-RMAI.tB c»-u
A FIRST-CLASS cook for a large family _,
country. $40 (kitchen help kept), references
necessary: a nurse for a child 17 months
old, wages $30 < country): a nurse for an in-
fant (San Rafael), $_5; also a young, eapas!,
nurse for 3 months old Infant, $20, place it
city; 3 waitresses for summer resort, $"5
eich. proprietor can be seen in the city Mon-
day: a girl for cooking and housework 3 in
family. In Shasta Co.. wages $¦"». far* pail
(references): a cook for a. small Oerman
f<_nlly $35; 20 housework girls for dty ani
country places, wages $20 to $35. at MTS3
P_.UN'KETT'S. _~ Sutter st. near Powell.
TWO waitresses for a plain hotel at a camp;
$25: fare paid. Call early Monday morning
MISS PLUNKE.TT, 425 Sutter St.. nr. Pow»i;.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn -alrdr_uln£
manicuring, etc.: trade taught from A to 2
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guir--.-
t»ed at $10 per week up: leading school £q
West. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
A — GIRL to learn millinery now for fall sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $15; position aa trimmer*.
salesladies, etc. guaranteed at $10 per w_ up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
Hainlreselng. manicuring, massage, scalp treat-
ment, hair work, removal superfluous hair; $3 3
wks; day. eve. class; positions tecured. hig_**t
wages. Removed from 1238 Mkt. to 133 Pow«;L
WANTED — Business weman (single) as col-
lector and to look _p reference* for credits;
salary -to start $3 per week: morn pay ac-
cording to success. Room 553. Parrott b.u
A RELIABLE . good wemaa t» do cookins and
light all-around housework. Call at Novata
House. Novato, Marln County. CaL
WANTED — Two German girls; ona to do cook-
Ing and the other to care for 2 children.
Apply at 1700- Fell »_, cor. M«_or_o _va.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has beem
opened at 1008 Market st-. opposite Flfj.
Open until 11 p. m. .
HELP WANTED —ALE.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AO1ENCT.!
Phone Main 1161. 638 Commercial st.
Nevada; 8 hours work: special shipment to-
day; full fare refunded la 10 days; the boss
Is here; elves you written guarantee en this.
Teamsters and laborers. $2 to |2 23 day.
Arizona, below Phoenix; fare $10 BO.
San Bernardino County, Clark R. X_: team-
sters $60; far* $4; ship to-day.
Machine miners, 8 hour shifts, $30.
Woodchoppers. 4 feet. $1 SO cord, house
furnished, tocls and provisions advanced.
20 woodchoppers. mine company. $1 SO cord.
Tuoloume and San Luis Oblspo counties.
10 Scandinavians or Swedish lumber pliers:
north by rail $45 found. Band sawyer. %\
day; sticker, $3 6O; wood turner. $3 50; good
mill hands. $3 50 to $4 day; see boss in city.
We want men with team* for railroad grad-
ing; see party here. Man and wife to leas*
hotel dining rocm, references.
AT the California Employment Agency.
14 Third St.. nr. Call bldg.: phone Bush 40&,
5 laborers, board home, city; $2 25 day.
Etate of Nevada, cheap fare, refunded.
United States Government work.
SO teamsters and laborers. $2 to $2 25 day.
CO drillers, hammersmen and rockmen, $2 50.
$10 05 fare. Florence. Ariz. Fare. $10 00.
100 teamsters and laborers, $2 to $3 SO day.
SAWMILL. CREW.
2 spool tenders. $55 and found.
&hlngle Jointer, see boss here. $45 and found.
Board puller. $45 a month and board.
2 tall edgermen. $40 a month and board.
2 second trimmermen. $40 month ar.i board.
1 offhearer, $40 a month and board.
, 10 lumber pliers, $35 to $40 and board.
8 men for rock quarry. $2 23 a day.
10 Slavonian laborers, sawmill, $33 found.
2 carpenters. Government Job $3 day.
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 14 3d St.
MILKER and wife, $40 and found: farmer. $39
and found; man about place, $23 and found:
blacksmith. $3 day; blacksmith's helper. $30
and found; timber faller. $60 and board; 2
crosscut sawyers. $40 and found: laborers
about mill. $2 50 day: teamster for lumber
co.. $2 50 day; 4 carpenters. $4 day; ma-
chine men. $3 to $3 50 day. and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento St.
BUTLER, $43 and found; 2 hotel cooks, $60
and found: first cook. $14 week; dishwashers.
elevator boys and others. J. F. CROSETT
6 CO.. 623 Sacramento st.
A— AMERICAN EMPIOTMXNT BUREAU.
642 Commercial at., near Kearny St. Pho_».
Bush 833. JOHN L. ' DR_CHSLE__
Suwmllls — Cheap fare by rail — Sawmills.
Trimmermen. $40 to $43 fd. Section fore-
man. $30 fd. Section foreman's helper, $40
fd. 3 cross-cut sawyers. 2 fellers, 2 mill-
men around edger, trimmer and slab saw.
15 laborers, pipa line, $45 fd. 10 Swedish
lumber pliers. 10 farmers. Stableman, ranch.
$30 fd. Choreman. ranch, $3O fd. N«vada.
Free fare If you stay 10 days, 20 teamsters
ar.d laborers; 8 hours; ship to-day.
R_D CROSS EMPLOYMENT AG__s*CT.
602 Clay st. Phone James 2476L
Nevada — Government work — Nevada.
Teamsters $2 23 ixy
Drillers $2 23 day
Laborer* $2 day
Fare refunded after ten consecutive days*
work.
Take this. Don't delay.
2 spool tenders $39 month aad found.
AT CONTRACTORS* AOENCt!
•3 Third st. Telephone Main 5521.
OPEN SUNDAY MORNINO.
Nevada same as free fare; U Is r*_r_*4 t»
you in ten days.
Teamsters. $2 23; laborers, $2.
Old man cook 5 men, $23. j
Rough carpenter, city. $3.
HORD _ SMITH.
IN GOD WE TRUST. "~*
Golden Gate Employment Office, 1213 Nlnt!»
ave., off H st., alongside of Golden Gate Park
and next door to public library — Best male
help provided for all purposes, city and coun-
try, throughout the States: smallest office
charges: employers please pay half the office
fee. Money orders payable to T. SPEAK-
MAN, station G, San Francisco.
ANDRE'S OFFICE, 317 Stockton St. — 3 butlers
wlth references. $40 to $30; gardener, large
private place. $40: choreman, $23; 2 dish-
washers for summer resorts, $23 and $30;
pantrymsn. $23; 3 waiters for hotels, city,
rear city. $30: etc.
(Office hours 8:30 'a. m. to S_IO p.- m.)
A BUTLER for a good, steady place, $39-
references necessary. MISS PLUN1CETT. 423
Butter St.. near Powell.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE, 28 Montgomery, r. 12.
Man and wife, waiters country hotel: Mr.
Aymer please call; porter. $25; elevator boy,
$36. '
WANTED for U. S. army, able-bodied un-
married men, between ages of 21 and 33;
citizens of the United States, of good char-
acter and temperate habits, who can speak,
read and write English. For Information
apply to Recruiting Officer. Rlalto building.
New Montgomery st.. San Francisco, or 10_3
Second st., Sacramento, Cal.
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at 023 Golden
Gate ave., room 7, for free Information a»
to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.; day
or evenin_s.
BARBERS — Good shop in best country town in
the State for sale: 3 chairs and baths- good
side business. DECKELMAN BROS.. 108
Ellis st.
WANTED— A steady man to learn a trade:
will make In short time $50 a month. 310V4
Folsom st.. upstairs.
1 » ___________
EXPERIENCED young butcher, with shop an«
wagon: no other need apply. 1823 Point L»«
bos ave.
PANTS and vest maker for country. REI33
BROS A CO.. 2* Sutter st.
HUSTLING man of good address. Apply 121
Geary st.. room 623.
UNION barber wanted; wages $14. 10O7 Va-
lencia st.
BARBF.R wanted; $13. 847 Flllmore st. cor.
McAllister.
WANTED— Neat, handy young man in res-
taurant. 29 Stockton st.
PORTEIt— €12 Kearny st.
WAITER, — 612 Kearny st.
"WAITER wanted at 613 Clay st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 511 Castro st.
BOOTBLACK wanted In barber shop. 131
Mason st.
WANTED— 250 men to know that "The Best"
lodging house Is the cleanest and most com-
fortable In the city, all new; 10c to 23c
€07 California st.. near Kearny.
WANTED — Educated gentleman who has good
knowledge of cyclopedias; $1200 per year;
reference* required.
UNIVERSITY SOCIETY, box 21C9. Call.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
¦that Ed Rolkin. Reno Honse proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
. 217 Thirl St.; 230 rocm.; 23 to 50c per nisht.
YOUNG man for assistant floor walker; must
have aora* knowledge of sign-writing. Apply
MARKS BROS., 1220 Market st,
EMPLOYMENT WASTED- -MALE .
YOUVG man well educated and capable, now-
acting as r peclal coast agent for a largo
English company, desires to make a perma-
• rent connection with a responsible house on
the coast; fc^st oX references; Al salesman-
Box 1503. 1003 — arket st.
HOTEL manager, caterer or steward: fifteen
years* references four years as manager. C.
P R. Railroad. Southern Pacific: hotel and
club references; English: age 33; married;
no family. Bex S517. Call office.
BLACKSMITH, all . round man can - l » h
tools If necessary. Address W. R. COCH-
RAN\ 630 Clay St.. Adams House.
A STRONG young man (23) wishes a position
to work around country store: can drive a
team: references. Address 1US Stelner st_
YOUNG single man. Just from East, wants po-
sition as coachman: e_perlenced horseman,
references given. Call 108H Ninth St.. city.
COACHMAN, thoroughly understands care of
horses: good gardener; wife good cook and
laundress: references. S. P.. 444^ Jeesle »t-
WANTED— Position by Japanese couple: man
1« good cook and wife for general house-
work. F. FUJII, 639 Stevenso,n st.
SOBER, energetic young married man. food
education, wants position; « x P" 1 ?"r e<1 * n
clubs and grocerr business. Box 1093. Call.
¦WANTED— Job as porter In saloon. Box 3573.
Call office. _____
WANTED— Light employment of any kind.
Apply ROBT. CHRISTIE. SO Post st.
Painter, paper-hanger, slgnwrlter. wants work;
tools furn. 1272 Folsom St.; phone Mint IJ1.
JAPANESE flrst-clase cook would like a situa-
tion in private family, thoroughly under-
stands his work, with several years experl-
ence. 121 Halght st.
JAPANESE honest boy wants position as bed-
maker in hotel or lodging-house. 869 Geary
st. ; telephone Hyde 2C84.
JAPANESE couple want places; man as plain
cook, wife to do housework and wait at
table; wages $35 up month. 451 Jeesle st.
JAPANESE boy*wants position as butler; has
good, recommendation: city or country. 1304
Post St.. Japanese Mission: phone Polk 2157.
JAPANESE nice boy wants a position as wait-
er and houseworker In good family. HKX-
RY. 121 Halght st.. Japanese Y. M. C. A.
JAPANESE student, temperate and rellabl*.
wants position In small family. Box 2163.
Call. 1 j
AN honest young Japanese who speaks good
English wishes to make beds or housework.
Y. XAKA. box 1097. Call.
JAPANESE boy wants to care for garden and
horse in country. 725 Geary St.
JAPANESE bookkeeper desires suitable work.
291 'N Second St.. San Joae.
JAPANESE Housecleanlng Co., 620 Larkln s_;
tel. 1758. S. G. HENRRY.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
AH desirable vacant houses and fiats are list-
ed In our free renting department: over 1000
In number: a combined liet from all agencies:
let us give you a list and help you to Bad a
place; we never fall: service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1OJ9 MARKET ST.
OPPOSITE McALLISTER.
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense liet:
service absolutely free ; take advantage of
this department; It. will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-250
Geary St., on the square.
VAN NESS ave.. 629 — Lower corner flat: sep-
erate marble entrance: elegant wood finish;
billiard-room etc.; rent $75. on lease only.
Apply on premises. 11 a. m. to 4 p. m., or
to BALDWIN & HOWELL.
NOE. 1C50— Beautiful new flat: sunny corner;
5 rooms and bath; all modern Improvements;
low rent; convenient to Castro and Twenty-
fourth at. cars.
BRODERICK, 1433. nr. Post— 430; «-room flat,
with 4 nice chambers In attic; new porcelain,
open plumbing: run every rm. Tel. Scott 4341.
CONNECTICUT. 519. near Twentieth-
Sunny flat; Just finished; 5 rooms; bath and
basement; $17.
EIGHTEENTH. 4130, near Castro st— Mod-
ern upper sunny flat, five rooms, bath and
laundry; rent low; no children.
VERY light, sunny, modern 7-room upper flat:
rent reduced. 284 Frederick St.. nr. park
panhandle; Masonic ave. car to door.
CASTRO. 646 — Elegant modern sunny top flat.
6 rooms, bath, basement, yard. $25.
CHURCH. 1302— Flat. 6 rooms; bat_; gas;
larze sunny yard. ;
CLAYTON. 619*4, near Halght— lower flat;
3 sunny rooms; $13.
FILLMORE, 1124 — 7-room flat; modern; room*
all light; rent reasonable.
FREDERICK. 867— 7-room. sunny upper flat;
latest improvements; $30.
GOUGH. 445— Fine flat: 8 rooms and bath;
rent $35.
HAYES. 692. cor. Buchanan — Nice sunny flat;
6 rooms and bnth: modern Improvements.
LAKE. 740-742 — New flats. 6 rooms each; rent
50 and $27 50; fine view.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on I.YON & HOAQ. 116 Montgomery tt.Vt
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
HAIGHT. 12&S. Buena Vista, cor. Central ave.
--Elegantly furnished flats; also unfurnished;
house has all conveniences and is situated In
select neighborhood.
FLAT— 5 rooms; furnished; sunny: corner
Stelner and Ellis; $35. MURDOCH, Chroni-
cle building^
COMPLETE furnishings 7-room flat for sale.
Including piano. $4QQ. 246 Chattanooga st.
FURNISHED flat; 7 rooms; all sunny. Inquire
2550 Howard st.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
A FUNNY 5-room flat, next Examiner, for
sale or rent with lease. 17 Third st. 12 to 4.
FURMTURE FOR SALE.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co.. 340 Post St.. near Powell.
FOR sale— Furniture of a 5-room flat, complete
from parlor to kitchen. Box 2536. Call office.
Anderson Auction House, 19 Turk. nr. Market.
furnishes everything for the house; low prices
FURNITURE stoves, bought, sold, exchanged.
Barger, 4.T0 Valencia, nr.l6th.Tel.Church 3879
CHEAPEST place In city for second-hand fur-
niture. 9S8 Geary st. Tel. Polk 1477.
FURMTURE WANTED.
" ABE LEVY.
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jeesie 781.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc . until you get his estimate.
WANTED — ToVbuy furniture of a 6 or "-root-
flat. Box 3550. Call office.
WANTED — A chiffonier; state price. Box
1021. Call office. ;
WANTED— To buy carpets and ruxs In good
condition. Box 836. Call office.
CHAS. LtVY & CO. pay highest price for fur-
niture.carpets.etc. 782 Mission: tel. Bush 413.
HELP WASTED — FEMALE.
IN~GOlTwE TRUST.
Golden Gate Employment Office. 1211 Ninth
ave., off H St.. alongside of Golden Gate
Park and next door to Public Library; freo
reading-room for ladles; best help provided
for all purposes, for city and country
throughout the States; smallest office
charges; employers please pay half the office
fee; money orders payable to T. SPEAK-
MAN. Station G, San Francisco.
ANDRE'S. 317 Stockton st. — 2 waitresses for
summer retort. $25. tare paid. *
A— OPERATORS en ladies' waists. 658 Mls-
slon st... ad floor. .
A— OPERATORS on ladies* underwear. 658
Mission st., 3d floor.
COMPETENT girl for cookfng and general
housework. 1545 Pine st., apartment 8.
YOUNG girl to assist ¦ with housework and
children. $15. 1S21 Point Loboa ave.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes. 6 p. m., Wednesday; salary no object.
WOMAN to enter mercantile business who can
hold responsible position after training and
experience. Box 3502. Call.
YOUNG lady operator. Remington typewriter,
for copying work office; state experience. P.
O. box 2018. *^
SIX lady barbers wanted. Call at room SOC.
Mutual Bank build lag.
A PROFITABLE outing; pick hops In August.
Write E. Clemens Horst. 122 Battery st-.S.F.
BUSINESS CHATfCKg— C»Ptlnn«d.
A — CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St., comer Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale— Well-furnished 5-room ark, moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing; also for winter shooting: and
fishing; all modern conveniences; new, one 1
year; price $2-00 complete. CAMERON &
CO., S Eddy st.
FOR rale — Well-located bazaar and furnishing
goods business; cheap rent; 6>? years' lease;
I one of the best transfer corners in city; do-
Ing fine business; other interests Cause sale;
price *J50CO. See CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $T0 ton; trade
for rms.-hsn. or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Electrical and locksmith business;
central location; established 9 years; rent
$30; clears $90 to $100 per month; price $300;
must sell on account of other business. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Carriage and wagon factory and-
general jobbing; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools, eta. ;
. full investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
I ____
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real estate.
1 rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Coffee, tea and spice route over
18 years' standing; selling on account of re-
tiring from business. For particulars In-
quire at 119 Front st., between 11 a. m.
and 1 r. m. (
A— $300: PARTNER wanted In light business:
suited to plain, steady man satisfied with
$13 to (30 a week; trial given before buy-
Ing. 47 Geary St.. room 0.
$323 — PARTNER wanted: manufacturing arti-
cles of dally use; sure proflt of $90 a month
to each; owner well-known practical man.
DONNELLY CO.. 632 Market St. .
A GOOD established bakery for sale in Sacra-
nifnto; has fine family and store trade; es-
tablished 25 yearo. For particulars H.
SCHMIDT, box 502, Sacramento, CaK
FOR sale — Groceries and general merchandise
store In town not far from San Francisco;
stock will Invoice about $1400; good business •
for man and wife. Particulars box 835, Call.
OLD-ESTABLISHED coal yard for sale; well
located; near St. Francis Hotel; rer.t $25;
lease; good stock on hand; one horse and
wagon; price 5300. B<jx 100S. Call.
$22&> — ART and curio store in splendid loca-
tion; established 9 years; no experience re-
quired; excellent opportunity; sickness; must
*ell. For particulars address box 1019, Call.
HOTEL and restaurant. Elmhurst, for rent;
good location: liberal terms. Inquire of. E.
B. & A. L. STONE CO., 900 Broadway, Oak-
land.
ONE of the best groceries in the Mission for
sale, as a whole or In part; good family
liquor trade. Address box 1096, Call office.
GERMAN with $2000 to buy half interest in
mfg. business; new Invention; a bona fide
proposition ; investigate. Box 1001, Call.
SALOON for sale at Yountville, Napa County;
reasonable. Inquire of DEAN HOWARD.
Calistoea. Cal., box 11.
WORKINGMEN'S hotel; nicely located; good
trade; 45 rooms; full all the time and bar.
Box 2587, Call.
RESTAURANT for sale on the Central Pa-
cific Railroad at a good, point for meals.
Box 8S5 Call.
WANTED — To buy or lease a good hotel in
country town. Address with particulars box
10.1S. Call office.
SALOONS from $300 to $10,000; lodging houses,
hotels from $300 to $12,000. BERG, ARM-
STRONG & CO., 31S Kearny rt.
FOR sale — Cheap, branch bakery. Apply 763
Church et. corner 20th.
SALOON license and fixtures for sale. See
owner, 1 to 2 or 6 to 7 p. m., 560 Howard st.
FOR rent cheap, small restaurant. Apply at
200 Ninth st.
RESTAURANT for sale In good location; near
California st. Full particulars box^ 3547. Call.
FOR sale — Coal, wood and feed business In
Oakland very low. Box 2577, Call.
WANTED — Grocery, with bar attached; price
not to exceed $1750. Box 899, Call.
WANTED — Restaurant in good location. Ad-
dress, with particulars, box S6O. Call.
DELICATESSEN store for sale: nicely located
In the Mission; fine trade. Box S4». Call.
GROCERY and delicacies for sale in North
B*ach. Box 1079, Call.
WANTED — Cigar stand. Box 1038, Call office.
$325— SALOON and license; will sell at bar-
gain. Inquire 670 and 572 Howard st.
FOR sale — Neat little lunch place ;good location;
owner leaving city. !»38 l 4 Mission St.. nr. 6th.
MILLINERY business for sal*: a bargain. Call
or address 2213 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
A CANDY store and factory: must sell; cheap
rent: come make offer. 328 Hayes st.
RESTAURANT In factory district for sale.
Address box F. Call Branch. 1»41 Mission st.
CIGAR stand and billiard hall. 155 Seventh
*t.; cheap.
CALL route for sale: a fine large Call route
In the city of Alameda. Box 2179. Call.
FINE newspaper route for sale. Inquire at
this office. -
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A CAMERON A CO., Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
C5 rooms; best downtown commercial house
In city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing first-class tondition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
In California; must leave city.
17 rooms; rent only $70; fine little apart-
ment-house; eickness: must sell; snap; $700.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long leas*; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished :
clearing $'C0 to $60<J per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished: cheap rent: 10 years' leaxe; close In;
clears $-10*i per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; deDarture.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished: oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
_ood lea«e.
220 rooms; n*w and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished: grand entrance;
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $500
per month; to be sold at a bargain on account
of departure. 4
8 rooms; fine upper flat; rent only $30; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$450.
82 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything In
first-class condition; good furniture und car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; If run
transient can clear $300 to $350 per month;
here is best proposition in city; price $3200.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
108 rooms: cheap rent: new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar: can be run in conjunction if desired;
rare chance for right parties; part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of the house; other busi-
ness Interests demand immediate departure.
14 rooms; rent only $57; oak furniture: good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $900.
105 rooms; cheap rent; first-class up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call 1 for particulars.
19 room?: rent only $100; well furnished:
little apartment-house; reduced to $1500.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash > difference. :.
21 rooms; corner; rent only $85; oak fur.;
good carpets: housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
$1600.
180 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped ;• cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month:
close In; full nice people; bargain if taken. at
once; dissolution of partnership.
126 rooms; rent only $4' per room;~n«w and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys In the city.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses
and business, for exchange or trade, always on
faand. A. CAMERON - CO., 3 Eddy st.
THB^CALL
JOIiX D. SPKEXTKEIiS Proprietor ,
Ad£res* Ccmrri—Clc&tlons to
J QllS McXAUG I IT Ma—wer
\V. J. MARTIN Business* _— — ager
TEX DOLLARS REWARD.
Notify The Call OOice if _oa B_s* 1
Your Pa_K?r.
If for ary cause THE C_«_- U not de-
livered rest—— 17 to sraosxribera ple_«e
call up "C___ E—CHAHQ-" ca A notiXy
S-cscriptica Clerk la charire. lour com-
Bte-BS w_l rscelv« proujst atteettioa.
A staadinr reward of -Tea Dollar.
t i:0.00) i« offered fcr t_e arrest cad
cocvicttoa of aay oa« cau__it fteaUa*
_•£__ CAi— •
TELEPHONE.
A.tk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con- j
nect You With t_e I>ei<<_tme_t You \v_™.
Publication Office Market and Third. 6. F.
Ei:t.orU_ Ko©r_ 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Dtlivere- by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Jv^k. 75
Cts. Per Month. Elngle Copies 5 Cts.
Terras by Mail. ladu_j__ Pof__e (Ca»U with
Order>: M
DAILY CALX, (inciud. Sunday). 1 v**r. ••*f°°
DAILT CALL (lr.clud. Sunday). <> moa... 4.°°
DAILY CAI__— By Sl_gle Month «*»=
FUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2 £>
WEEKLY CAi-L. 1 Year i;*"*_i2?
rr . n ..,. v I Daily... $8.6.0 Per Year Extra
ESSHS^ \ s^r.day. 4.15 Per Ye_r Extra
POSTAGE. Kv.ekiy. 1.00 Per Year txtra
ALL. POSTMASTKRS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE STJBSCHJPriONS.
£a_p:e Ccples will be forwarfed when re-
Quested.
Stall STiDsc-.be~5 la crcerlng change of «d-
Crecs should be particular 10 _'ve both NEV»
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to insure a
prompt aod ©orrvel compliance with iheir re-
tiuest.
OA_LA>.T> OFFICE :
IOI« Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
£148 Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
£A_rCEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Wa_orf-Astc.-ia Hotel; A. Brer.ta.no. 31
irrion Square; Murrey Hill Hotel; Fiith-ave-
cae Ectel and Herman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
£fcerr-.__ Honse; P. O. News Co.; Great
Norther- Betel: Treniont House; Auditorium
Hctel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENT ATTVE:
C. GEORGE KROGXESS. .Manjuette Building
(Long Distance Telephone. •¦Central 2619."')
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEPHEX B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTCN Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IV* Market ttrtet, opposite Fifth; cpen until
11 I>. ra.
C27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open
until 0:30 t>. m.
SCO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.>
?'."» McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
<":5 Larkln Etreet; cixn until 9:30 p. m.
!'.*41 Mission street: cpen until 10 p. m.
_2tl Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. ra.
30*. Eleventh i-treft: open uritil 9 p. m.
:0»6 Valencia etieet; cpen until 9 p. r_ '
Northeast corner Church and Dancan streets;
rren _nt:i 9 r. m.
Northwest corner of Twer.ty-«econd ar.d Ken-
tucky etreets; open until 9 p. ra.
—00 Ftllmore street; open until 9 p. ra.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THE SUMMER.
CALL subscribers coateinplat— g s
ehaag'e of residence during 1 the summer
zaoaths caa have their paper forwarded
by mail to their new address by aotify-
~r THE CALL Business OSce. Tail
paper will also be ca sale at all summer
resorts aad is represented by a local
ageat ia all towns oa the coast.
MEETIXG .VOTICEs!
AETLUM cf GoMen Gate Commandery ____
No 16, K 7 f'25 Sutter ft —Stated ;£r
e**err.t>!y THIS EVENING at 8 fcj
o'clock; order of Ttmr!t. All f raters W
sre courteou«!y invited. By order of
the Co_mzr.d»r.
TH EO. FROLICH. Recorder.
CELEBRATION cf Et. John's day «n- o
<5er the auspices of the Past Mas- /V
i*tb" Association of California. F. /ivjk
*¦ A. M.. by a grand reunion and •-**_¦
basket picnic at El Camp*. SATURDAY.
June _5. 1304. Tlie ftearr.fr H. J. Corcoran
will leave Washinston street wharf at 0:.T0
a jr.. and return at 6 r>. m. Tickets, poults
f>0 %ents, children _5 cents, can be had at
the wharf en th* morninz r.f the ricrlc.
ANI'REW CHHJST_3fS_3i,
Chairman of Coo 3 a itttM.
JAMES A. WILSON. Secretary.
FAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. I. Rev- 5.
si Arch meets THIS E\X.\- *_V
ING. BuFlr.^s and decrees. /V\
H. G. PRINCE, Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. &. A _
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING it JL
7:S0 o'clock; tec-nd d«"sre«. By nr- t£J\
(W of the ?.!a*t*r. / ~»
WALTER G. ANDERSON. F»cretarv.
KING Sclnmcn IvxJce No. 280. F. & m
A. IS.. 1*33 FWni^r* «. — First de- W
«rre» THIP (MONDAY) EVENING at
7:30 o'clock.
HARRY I5AEHR. Secretary.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY, office of
STetary. New York, June IB, itKM. Notice
to FtTckho!<i«-ri>.
To the Str-ckholrters of Southern. Pacific
Qnmpa_y:
Notice Is hereby given that th| hoard of
directors of th» Southern Pacific Ccmpany
• t a meet'.nsr this <1hj- h»H, csllfd a special
iTveetlnc of the FlcrkhoMers of said company
:<• convene Bt the office of the mmrany in
IWchmont. Jffferson County. Kentucky, en
Wednesday. the*t«entiefh dsv of July. 'l9O4,
Bt 11 o'clock *. vr... standard time, to consider
and S't upon resolutions to be brought before
them st fiii'1 mating in •>«b?tan!fa!ly the
form and to the sff^ct fol!o--|r-. viz;
-Resol v»d «1>. that the capital etock of the
Southern Pacific <~cmpsr.y be lncreai->1 one
hundred million dollars by Issuing: one million
additional charts of the psr value of one hun-
dred dollars each. '
•T.esolved «*.'). tbat the said increased stock
rhall be pre'erred stock; th«t the holders of
mch preferred stock shall be entitled to 3ivi-
fienSs in each fiscal y*ar at such rate, not ex-
ce*dirg seven p*-r cent per annum, payable
*»ml-arnuaily out of the net profits, as Vhall
btj declare-.! by the board of dlrectorf. before
eny d:vl4er.<". Fhai! be. oWIared on the common
btock; that seen dividends shRll be non-cumu-
lative; that the holders of Bach preferred stock
s*a!l not by virtu* thereof be. entitled to any
other or further rhare Of the profits of the
company; that, upon the dissolution of the
r«Bl— 7. voluntarily or other-rise, the holders
of preferred stock Khali be entitled to have,
tbefr Sharon redeemed at par before any dis-
tribution cf any part of the assets of the com-
pany nh_I b* ma<ie to the holders of the com-
mon rtock: that Fa Id preferred stock ehal! be
Isswd tnd sold from time to tlrrxt to «uch
t mounts sxi in such manner as tK» board of
directors my authorize and determine, but
st not lees than the par value of the sharer;
that U »hall be convertible into common stock,
f-har* for share, at the option cf the holders,
at any time: and shall be redeemable at the
r-ption of the company on or at any time after
she first day of July, 1JXM5. and before th» first
<lsy of July. 1910, st cne hundred and fifteen
dollars per share."
"Resolved <3), that the board of directors
*h»l! be and they arenhereby authorized to es-
•...'•.. h. from time t6 time, and enforce all
ruch rules and regulations respecting the is-
sue, sale, redemption and conversion of such
Mock, not Inconsietert herewith, as in the
«ud£ine-t of the board may be necessary or
c_r*d!er.t."
Fortthe purpose cf *uch ppecial meeting the
• tocfc tranrfcr books of the company will be
tlosed Ju'.r II. IPO*, at 3 o'clock p. m. snd
reopened Thursday. July 21, 1904. _t 10 o'clock
s. m.
ALEX. MILLAR. Secretary and Clerk.
1HE snnua! mcetlnc of the stockholders of
I the Sierra Railway Company cf California
will be held at the offices of the company
No _» Crocker tuildins. City an-' County
of fian Francisco. State of California, on
MONDAY, the 8th day d February, 1904. at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose
cf electing directors for the ensulns year
crd the trar.raction of such other business «*s
may come before eaid meetlnjr. Dated at
ftn Francisco. Ca'., January 23, 1904. B.
"> FRKSHMAN. Secretary.
The fcb'ne meetir.c adJcurneC until April
11th. 1»U. at 11 o'clock s. m.
FVb. 6. 190_ S. D. FRESHMAN, Sec'y.
The above meeting adjourned until July
11th.. I3O<. at 11 o'clock a, m.
April 1J, 130*. B. D. FB.ESHMAN, Sec'y. ,
MEETING NOTICES Continued.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from Amador and Sacramento Irrigation
and Mining Co.. In Dunderhead Mine, at
Michigan Bar, Sacramento County, Cal..
draining into Cosumnes River: from W. B.
Duncan. Sr.. Jn York Ranch Placer Mine,
near Spanish Ranch. Plumas County., drain-
ing Into East Branch of North Fork of
Feather River; from E. V. Tiffany and Seth
Jtnkermon, In Treasure Point Mine, near
Fair Play. El Dorado County. Cal.. drain-
ing lato Cedar Creek, which reaches South
Fork of Coxumnes River gives notice tbat
moetlnr will be held at Room 66, Flood
Building. San Francieco. Cal-. July 6, 1904, 1
st 1:30 p. m.
AGEXTS "WANTED.
WANTED — C. E. evangelists and ministers to
take _p our paying proposition. The Success
General Agency. 2CS4 Mission st.
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW.
a. W. HOWE, 1122 MARKET ST.
Tel. Jessie 4711. Established 22 years.
Advice free on ail lejtal matters; divorces a
specialty, private, quick; no pay in advance;
mining cotncanle- organized; patents ob-
tained; wills, deeds, colleo.; detlct. employed.
R. W. KINO. Attorney-at-Law, Exam. bldg..
fth floor; entrance room 611; established 18
years; all care*, general court and office prao-
tice; no fee in advance or for consultation;
rvenlrgs by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
PENSION atty.— M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st., IB
yrs. practice; refs. from many thousands of
soldiers, sailors, widows and orphans on Pa-
cific Coast for whom I have secured pensions.
AA — DIVORCE! — Costs $12; quick; quiet; advice
fre«: no charge unless successful.
7&P Market st., room 4., bet. 3d and 4th.
1 DIVORCE — Ccsts, $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; all law business; no charge unless suc-
cessful; open evenings. 927 Market, room 001.
ADVICE free: divorce coets $12; no fees or
costs in advance; all law builness; office
ote.-i Saturday evenings. 819 Market st.. r. 33.
DIVORCE law a specialty: no publicity: advice
free: costs $12. Ad. B.A.S.. P.O. box 2199. S.F.
U 6. CLARK. 927 Market st; consultation
free; no fees In advance; open evenings.
AUTOMOBILES,
AUTOMOBILES— Livery, garage and sales-
rooms: automobiles of every description,
bought and bjIJ; will buy or «ell tecon.l-
hand machines. See us before .'cu do any-
thing 'Kith your machine. Phor.e South '02.
Pacific States Automobile Co.. 217 Ellis st.
WILL sell my white steam Stanhope automo-
blle for $625. Box 1015. 'Call office.
"WANTED — To buy a pteam automobile for
cash. Box 831. Call office.
WANTED — Gasoline automobile; name price
and rendition of machine. Box 3549, Call.
WANTED — To buy an automobile; state kind,
etc. Box 2535. Call office.
RAMBLER automobile for sale. Particulars
Box 259G. Call office.
ASTHMA REMEDY!
A. Dl Nola's Asthma Remedy relieves Instant-
ly; 10c. 25c. 50c. 1602 Market, St. Nicholas.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
EXPERIENCED mother and nurse will board
and care for two children from birth upward:
jrood r'ferences; terms reasonable. 1703
Francisco St., Berkeley Cal.
WANTED — By an experienced woman, an in-
rant to board. Inquire 212 Seventh st.
FRENCH boarding for children. MRS.
Gt'NTZ. 663 Pine st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $."500: CORNER saloon; close to Sutter st.;
place eetab. years: doing an excellent busi-
ness; lease: rent $115: net rent $4S; elegant
flxture«. See R. O. WILKE, 26*? Kearny.
A— SlS.OOn; BARROOM; owner never clears
Ues than $1000 per month: location and busi-
ness car.'t be beat. See R. G. WILKE, 26',<j
Kearny st.
A— $<00; PARTNER wanted in office of manu-
facturer's agent; a first-class offer for cood
man: $500 10 be Invested In business; office
Oars about $2;»0 per month. See R. G.
WILKE. 26Vi K«araytt.
A— $700; BAKERY across the bay; established
years and doing a first-class paying store
trade: value in sight. All particulars R.
G. WILKE. 26H Kearny et.
A— $600; YOUNG and active man wanted to
run grill room in one of the finest barrooms
In this city; no rent to pay: references want-
ed. See K. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A — $2250; CORNER saloon on Montgomery St.;
established many years: rent $S5; lease; a
good-paving place and well advertised. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26»4 Kearny st.
A— $2200; ROADHOUSE! Roadhouse! Road-
hcuse! With 13 furnished rooms; rent $40:
leaye: a first-class paying resort- See R. G.
WILKE, 26H Keamy st_
A— $S00; CORNER saloon; rent $20; a splendid
lo_tlon In the Mission; place doing a busi-
ness of about $15 per day. R. G. WILKE.
2t»U Kearny st_
A— $3500; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lurch; on Montgomery st.. vicinity of
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
ccur.t of ill health cf owner. See R. O.
WILKE. 2Cii Kearny st.
A — $450: BARBER *hcp: 8 chairs: best location
1n the Mission: rent $15. See R. G. WILKE.
_26V, Kearny «.
A— $2SO0; SALOON; choicest location on Mar^
kct *t.; lew rent: good lease; elegant fix-
ture* and a first-class paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE. 29H Kearny st.
A— $WX>; CHOPHOUSE ar.d coffee saloon, opp.
cable house; place estab. years, with steady
end transient customers; owner clears about
$175 per month. See R. G. WILKE. 26^i
Kearny et.
A — DRUGfH'ORE, drugstore, drugstore; price
$4500: established 27 years: lease 5 years;
rent $50; one of the best paying stores In this
city: owner to retire. Call R. G. WILKE,
2CH Kearny st.
A— 5.1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
rooms, kitchen and dining-room. 37 beds.
good furniture; lease; place paying well. See
R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A— $2(00: SALOON. vlMnlty Market. EUU and
Ftockton *U.; rent $150; lease; place estab-
l!»he-J years; first-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26^4 Keamy st.
A— $:'.."/0; BRANCH bakery and delicatessen
stor^ with 4 rooms; rent $"3; fine location;
goo.! business. See R. G. WILKE. 2H%
Kearny rt.
A— $:<75 cigar stand, transfer corner: rent $25;
good paying i.lace. R. G. Wilke. 2G*4 Kearny
NOTICE TO HARDWARE MEN—
We have Hated on our books an old-estab-
lifhfd str-re In sp!«'ndlii location that clears
$:;rrt up r*r month; stock v.-Ill more than In-
voice price a*k»<l nid no dead stock; we can
convince you that this Is the biusrest bargain
in this line in San KranciECo; price $8000.
Fcr further particular* call at
EUREKA REALTY CO.,
1 7«3>4 Market street.
FOR ALL INTENDING
GOING INTO BUSINESS.
We have a thoroughly up-to-date list of busi-
ness bargains of all kinds: If you have not.
found the place you are looking for. call on us
and we feel Mire that we will be able to locate
you to your satisfaction
EUREKA REALTY CO..
7R3VJ Market st.. near 4th. rooms 3 and 4.
TO CIGAR MEN— ~ ~ ~~~~
$->.V» huy* good paying cigar stand near
Market st. with reasonable rent. Apply at
EUREKA REALTY CO.. 7S3"4 Market st.
?S0O— RESTAURANT; heart of city: nortff
Berg. Armstrong & Co.. 318 Kearny.
$3.*>00 — SALOON; 2 years' lease, privilege of
more. Berg. Armstrong *• Co.. 318 Kearny.
SEE E*rg. Armstrong _: Co.. 318 Kearny: if
you want to buy or sell, don't forget to give
us a call. ,
PACIFIC Real Estate Co.. 1015 Market st.
$90: cigar store, at corner saloon.
$1600; half finest madhouse in Alameda Co.
$1200 and $500; swell flats. Van Ness ave.
$1100; grocery and bar on Folsom St.
$."00: grocery and liquor store; 8 living rms.
$1200— GROCERY and barroom; well stocked;
prominent corner. Including 3 flats paying
half rent: 5 years' lease; rent $T0; price
$1200; cause. sickness. MERCHANTS'
AGENCY. lOOSH Market St.
$350 — SECURES y, Interest in fine paying com-
raleslon business clearing $150 monthly to
each: references exchanged; experience un-
necessary, but • must be sober and reliable.
Particulars. 1007% Marfct rt., room 1.
FOR sale— A good restaurant, nicely located on
Iiush St.: fine trade and clearing; a good
proflt over expenses; will give reasons for
selling to legitimate buyer; no triflers. Box
252!». CalJ office.
$500 BUYS fine paying restaurant north of
Market; will stand thorough investigation;
bargain. California Invest. Co., 777*4 Mrket.
RESTAURANT and bar and 1O furnished
rooms for sale; vtry cheap. ' 8 Union St.,
rear Front. . ,
CARPET BEATING A JT D ; c J^ E^j] [ .*H >
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal; carpets and rugs are also j
cleaned by compressed air st shop; prices
' moderate. S. F. Compressed' Air Cleaning
Co., 30S Market st,; phones Main 152 and
Bush 473. j
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works, 365-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth st.— Flrst-clark
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet CIeanlng~Works. 1809 Har-
rison st.; Al cleaning; Jc. Tel. Mission 220.
CONKLIN'S. Superior Carpet-Beating Works.
333 Golden Gate avi. Telephone East 126._
HOPKE BROS. ; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tretscs made over. 1432 Howard;teI.South_216.
ADVANCE Carpet CleanIng r Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop*.
RUDOLW & CO., carpet-beatlns works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison at.; tel. Ml salon 283.
CIOT-IWG BEITOTATHTQ.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis St., room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver fre*.
COTTAGES TO LET. .
8-ROOM cottage In Sausftlito; furnished; $20
month. 40 Clinton Park, city.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, $3 50; fillings, BOc;
plates $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge fcr extracting when plates are I
made; old plates made over like new; teeth I
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; -gas given.
DR. KNOX, dentist, now located at th»
Grant building, 1095 Market, 2d floor; all
first-class dentistry at low prices.'
ARTHUR 1 CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.U.let
floor. Pheian bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
Paris Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up: crowns.$2 up: fllllngs,25c.
FREE examination with chart at the New
York Dentists. 969 Mission it.. SE. cor. 6th.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c: crowns, $2; no
pain: open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt,204 Suttr.
DRESSMAKERS A.\D SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking &. Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure: eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting. Stew-
art's button _: buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL.
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building. 738 Mission
St., between Third and Fourth: more space;
finer rooms; better light: finest In the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A — THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special summer course. 414-Mason.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing.
• languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and 'light sessions: illustrated catalogue free.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1433 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping: $S mo.
AYRES the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket tt.; established 18 years: special discount
during month of June; catalogue free.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity,24 Post
st.. S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING — Adults, Mon. and Frl. evgs; Juve-
niles. Sat. 2 to 5; priv. lessons dally. Flnd-
l.iy's Hall. 17th, bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING— Civil, el»c. _iln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, ev. : est. 1S64. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ARITHMETIC, algebra. bookkeeplng.shorthand;
day, eve. Western Bus. College, 1107 Market.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 925 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F. ; 75-page catalog on request.
PIANO lessons. 23c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell st.: tel. Main 5751.
JAPANESE-Chtnese Emp. Office, 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamagakl. mgr. ; tel. Bush 859.
RELIABLE Japanese -Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE].
AT MISS PLUNKETT'S
Employment Bureau, 425 Sutter st., near
Powell (male and female) — Reliable help of
all nationalities are always registered;
prompt attention raid to country orders.
Telephone Main 5472; office hours. 8:80 to
6:30 p. m., Sunday excepted.
COMPETENT Swedish woman wishes a situ-
ation, housework and cooking, city or coun-
try: wages $25. 106 Eighth st.
A GERMAN girl, first-class cook, wages $40-
$45, wishes) a position In country. Call,
after » o'clock, at 653H Hyde st.
COMPETENT nurse wishes engagements, con-
finements. Invalids, massage; painstaking;
references: moderate terms. MRS. KING,
917 Geary St.
WOMAN wants situation In small family to
take care of children or housework; city or
country. Address 536 Third st. MRS. CLU-
NESS.
WIDOW with two children, ages 2 and 3
years, wishes housekeeper's position In aged
party's or couple's home. Box 3587, Call.
YOUNG woman with references wants house
cleaning by the day. $1 50 per day and car
fare. 76!) McAllister St.; basement.
WOMAN wants work by the day: washing or
hourecleanlng; $1 50 and carfare. Call or
address MRS. OSGOOD. 115 Hayes St.
1 REFINED young lady would like position as
nurse for child in refineil home; best of refer-
ence. Box 3505, Call office.
YOUNG German woman want* work by the
day: first-class laundress. 2 Hyde place, oft
Hyde »t.
YOUNG lady, experienced, with exceptional
ability, wish»s position as stenographer; best
references. Box 1050, Call office.
|TNY kind of housework or care of children.
F Box lOfil. Call office.
WANTED — Position to assist with housework.
Box 2159, Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes housework;
city or country. Apply 361 Minna st.
COMPETENT woman wants position as cham-
bermaid; city or country. Box 1042, Call.
NEAT, competent woman desires work by the
day. Apply 813 Baker st.
FIRST-cIass dressmaker will go out by the
day; $2 a day. 407 Van Ness ave.
LAUNDRESS wants work by day; 2 first
days in week. 743 Folsom; phone Red 577.
WOMAN wishes plain washing to do home;
reasonable. Apply 129 Clara St., In rear.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received~at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan <fc Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister St.
EMPLOYMENT WAJ&'ED MALE™
GARDENER wants situation; competent to
grow a mixed collection of orchids; best of
references. Box 1030, Call.
YOUNG roan wants work, care of horses, cows
garden, etc., or housework. ¦ Box 1031, Call!
MARRIED man wishes situation as foreman
or manager of dairy or ranch; long experi-
. ence and best of references given. Box 1050,
Call . office.
MECHANICAL draughtsman, good designer
and detaller. IS years' experience mining,
stationary, marine, wants position or work
at home. Box 3503, Call.
A BRIGHT, honest young man of 17. resid-
ing with parents, wishes to work In* whole-
sale, house or learn good trade; one who can
furnish best of references. Box IOCS, Call.
ENGINEER wishes steady position running
boilers and dynamoes; all-round work; good
mechanic; Wst reference*. Address 316
Lancton st., city. \
CARPENTER, cabinetmaker, thoroughly ex-
perlenced, good workman, understands his
business, also good draughtsman 'for cabinet
work, wants work; $3 a day.' Box 1025, Call.
NURSE .(male) requires position; graduate
training school: six years' experience mental
cases; first-class references. P. R., 1235 Mar-
ket «t.,
SITUATION wanted by a middle-aged man as
valet In first-class private family; would
travel;, references given. Box 1052. Call.
YOUNG man wants position: will do any kind
of work. Address box 35S0, Call office.
YOU CAN ABANDON YOUR WORRIES 2^*
M>lHiI\O HOl'SK.S FOR SAT.K Con.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg.. over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
Rooming-houses and hotels for, sale.
BONA FIDE OPENING to June Isl 200
rooms; some elegant furniture; building
NEW and MODERN: long lease; low rent:
price $15,000; cut to $7C00: Vj cash.
MARION GRIFFIN.
SUMPTUOUSLY FURNISHED 50-room house:
highly respectable and now clearing $214
monthly: opened in May, 1003; 6-year lease;
everything strictly first class.
MARION GRIFFIN. '
SNAP THIS— 26 rooms for $1000; north of
Market; 2-year lease; low rent; sunny side;
not gorgeously furnished, Vut doing a good
business. / MARION GRIFFIN.
- <
SEVERE SICKNESS causes sale of 24-room
house for 11100: certainly worth J150O; cen-
trally located; terms "^ cash; profit $75,
should be $1000 monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN.X
NEW AND MODERN corner house of 43
rooms; beautifully furnished In mahogany,
blrdseyo maple; velvet carpets: 4 blocks
north of Market; long lease if desired.
MARION GRIFFIN.
FIRST-CLASS furniture: new carpets; 20 large
rooms: rent 585: strictly respectable: profit
exactly $72 monthly; price $1,100; near G»ary
St.; sunny side. MARION GRIFFIN.
N. B.— 14 LARGE rooms and big porches in
fine neighborhood; respectable, steady ten-
ants: 2 floors; very easy to care for: worth
$1200; cut to $700; clears *40.
¦ MARION GRIFFIN.
AND a $1000 house golng~f or $500 ;
It's a nice, newly painted 10-room house in
the geojrrsphlcal center of the city; rent $40
and income $74 monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN.
NEARLY $3000 profit yearly: fine big house,
well furnished; nice class of men roomers:
cash price J6000, or V, cash and 14 in other
property: it's a fine proposition.
MARION GRIFFIN.
SELECT FAMILY HOTEL: 40 rooms; clearing
$105 monthly; price $2!>00.
MARION GRIFFIN.
CASH ?1OO. balance $10 monthly: 8-room cor-
ner fiat; newly calclmlned: piano. ¦
MARION GRIFFIN.
TO LODGING-HOUSE PEOPLE—
$1SCO buys 22-room ! house on Market St..
clearing $100 up per month; steady roomers and
neat house. Sets'
EUREKA REALTY .CO.. 78.T4 Market st.
MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market st.
If you want to buy a hou»« or flat on easy
terms, large list to select from, try MITCH-
ELL t CO.
THIRTY rooms, nicely furnished, lease...$.1S0O
26 room*, all men roomers, low rent.... 1000
115 roonjs, low rent, country transient.. 5000
31 rooms, rent only $55 1500
40 rooms. Tent $70. transient 1500
SI rooms, rent $3 per room 3400
Money to loan on furniture at low rates.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny »t.
$600— TRANSIENT house; 16 rooms; furnished;
3 years' lease. MERCHANTS' AGENCY.
100SH Market st.
$400 — NEATLY furnished flat, 7 rooms, bath,
etc.: two windows to each room; gas and
electricity; rent M0. MERCHANTS'»AGEN-
CY. 1008V4 Market st.
$300 — 10-room lodging-house; always full; ln-
come $30. Inquire S23 Howard et. after 12 m.
FOR sale— Lodging-house: 231 Third st.: 20
rooms: owner sick: price $950; rent $75.
LODGING HOUSES AVA.NTED.
WANTED — To buy lodglnc house, cf about SO
to 35 rooms. Box 823, Call office.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS.'DR. MARTIN, clairvoyant, business me-
dium; advice on mining & Invest.; devel. cir.
Thurs.. 8. 920 O'F&irell; tel. Hyde 1767.
mrs. j. j. whitney!
Clairvoyant, trance, business medium and life
reader. .1206 Market st.. Gait House.
PRO«\ FKEDiEVAN'S. noted clairvoyant and
elate- writer. 1112 Eddy st.;' phone Scott 8S7.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ASSURED Success for You.
Call, at once and save $4.
His famous 1 $5 readings this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 *1 »1
No charge — No charge
Unless you obtain the Information for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever in San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to be full Judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge if I fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for: I tell
you If husband, wife or lover Is true or false,
whom and when you will marry, how to gain
the love of the one you desire; in fact, I will
tell you every hope, ftar or ambition better
than you can tell yourself; his advice is re-
liable, his powers are wonderful and Indis-
putable: he Improves your character eo that
you will reach the highest possible develop-
ment In mental and bodily vigor, health,
happiness and capacity to earn wealth: the
controlling power Implanted In your nature,
so you can control any one secretly: gives
advice on mining and buried treasure; gives
you success In life; he guarantees you suc-
cess or charges nothing for hta services. 10
a. m. to 8 p. m. : closed Sunday.
326 O'Farrell street— 326.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO
WITNESS THE WONDERFUL DEMON-
STRATIONS of the NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
For a reliable and Intelligent clairvoyant
reading go to LIVINGSTONE. 428 Eddy st.
He asks you no questions, but tells you
what you wish to know.
H<? does not mention all the Ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts In your case. Let PROFESSOR
LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you, find the cause of trouble and
suircest the remedy.
He Is as conspicuous for his wonderful oc-
cult analysis as he Is for his original ex-
pression and vivid truthfulness.
Would It not be a relief to know how you
will Rucceed. to he relieved of the matters that
are troubling you and of the schemes of your
enemies, that you may meet with better success?
A test reading Is not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
give you a full life reading for $1. A test
Is of little value; when the mind is troubled
you need more substantial a!d and advice.
Permanently located 42S Eddy st.; 3 sep-
arate reception parlors. Lndy attendant.
Hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. M. BERNARD, ffUE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg.: she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are In troubl*.
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be tnl.l
how to overcome .them; valuable advice in
all nffalrn of life; 25c up: satisfaction guar-
anteed: readings by mail. Tel. Black 4M.
MME. K. ROTHENBERO. greatest clairvoyant
and spiritual medium; assured success for you
by consulting her on matters of business, such
as love, marriage, law suits, family troubles,
etc. ;consultotlon with Mme.Rothenberg would
mean success, enlightenment, absolute happi-
ness; business confidential: hovirs 10 a.m. to 8
p.m.: Sundays 9 a.m. to I p.m. MME. ROTH.
ENBERG. 1371 Ellls.bet.Laguna & Buchanan
MME.PORTER.celebrated clairvoyant -.-Mum.
'card reader, born with a double veil ana sec-
ond sight, tells past, present and future; I.
60c. g. by cards $1: palmistry and clairvoyant
sit., $1 CO. 200 O'Farrell st..' near Mason.
A— Miss M. Wllle. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given: special. $1: hours 10 to 8.
Mrs. A. H.Kror.enberg, palmist, clairvoyant. card
reader;when others fall try me;good readings
25c. 721 Fran"Kl!n.nr.O.-.ave.,Tel.Larkln4207.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names glven:25o up. 835 Howard. bet.4th&3th.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates
and facts: rtadtng-s dally. 017 Market st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission St., nr. 6th; open Sun.
MME. ODELL returned ;elalrvoyant, card read-
«r; ty> loavfg; 25c up. Lower flat, 220 Eddy.
MF^S. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader. 2314
Sixth St.; ladies 23c; gents 50c.
ISMAR. the celebrated Egyptian seeress. will
return from her vacation July 1. _^
MRS. BAUMANN. the: well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st. ¦
MTIS. SHAFER clairvoyant, card reader sit-
tings, dally. 44814 Jessie >t.. bet. Bth and 6th.
w w^qoxMCTOgirjgCTiosa. . . . . ~
BAD tenants. ejected for $4; collections made;
city or ; country. Pacific 1 Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. Main 5580.
_ CTTRE3 KUPTUJtE.
HUNTER'S Positive Rupture Holder, $10; no
discomfort. 120« Market St.; send for circular.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, MONDAY, JUNE 20, 1001.
9
REAL ESTATE--CITY — ' F -°** * A j L T^'
T'-jv FIC UXOTt S
AT AUCTION
THURSDAY, JUNE 23. 1904,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON
AT OUR SALESROOM, 25 POST ST.
, BY, ORDER OF JOHN GARBER.
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF
CORNELIA B. STANLEY. Deceased.
GRAND CORNER •
OPPOSITE CALIFORNIA HOTEL.
3 FRONTAGES.
BUSH ST.— MARY LANE— MARTIN ST.
(Bet. Kearny st. and Grant ave.)
LOT 40x120 FECT.
PRESENT RENTS $3000 PER ANNUM. NET
"WE HAVE A TENANT WHO WILL TAKE
A TEN- YEAR LEASE ON A NEW
7-STORY BUILDING IF ERECTED ON THIS
LOT, AND WILL PAY A RENTAL NET-
TING 6 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
TERMS CASH. SUBJECT TO AP-
PROVAL OF SUPERIOR COURT.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
AUCTIONEERS,
25 POST STREET.
FIVE-ROOM cottage; porcelain plumbing,
modern Improvements, laundry, yard; rent
$25; north side of O'Farrell St.; $3600 only.
Inquire 1301 Devlsadero et.
I'OIJVT RICHMOND REAL ESTATB.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT, at Stege, on Santa Fa
and electric roads: land $300 per acre; lots
50x200 at $150; orchard of 15 acres and
buildings, $400- per acre; monthly payments;
send for maps, etc. HAIGHT, 401 Cal.sl.S.F.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
nERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2550— CHOICE house of 7 rooms; lot 50x150;
new cottage of ft to 8 rooms will be changed
to suit purchaser: located 1534 Union st.
Call or address J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park st.
FRUITVALE Advertisements:
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
'" SrNDICATif INVESTMENT COMPANY.
REAL ESTATE
AND
MONftY TO LOAN.
BELOW WILL BE FOUND A PARTIAL
• LIST OF PROPERTY WHICH IS OFFERED
FOR SALE BY THIS COMPANY.
$3500
Secures the most complete 8-room house In
Frultvale. Large grounds, fruit trees and
shrubbery of all kinds; good barn, chicken
houses, etc. This will make you an Id&al
home.
$1000.
Choice 6-room house, located on High St..
j one block from San Leandro cars. Lot 50x150
feet. This Is very desirable property.
$sooo.
7-room houne, large barn, windmill and tank:
lot 150x426 feet. This is choice property and
within one block of Fourteenth st. Proper
name should be a small farm.
$2275
Secures a most complete cottage home with-
in one block of Dewey School; fruit trees and
fine garden; an Ideal Frultvale home; lot 37:6x
125; never offered for sale before.
$2500.
New 6-room house, two blocks broad-gauge
local to city, fronting on Putnam St.. Frult-
vale; this Is offered at less than Its. value;
terms can be arranged to suit purchaser.
$2100.
New B-room house, with all modern Improve-
ments; four blocks from local; corner lot; see
us about it.
$1200.
Three-room cottage; high bas«ment; large
lot, 100x110; chicken house; Glen ave., Allen-
dale tract.
$2200.
If you are looking for a large house and
grounds let us show you this beautiful house,
located on Merrill ave., 7 rooms, with all mod-
ern improvements. '
$1,100.
Four-room house and bath; fine well of wa-
ter; lot 50x110.
$1325.
•Cozy 3-room, 7- foot basement; lot 37:6x125
feet; small bam; chicken houses; easy pay-
ments; S blocks from station.
$1600.
House of 4 rooms and bath; lot 60x110 feet;
this may be the very home you are looking for.
11000,
Two acres of land on High st., near Ver-
non 6tatlon, for sale. This Is a good buy for
any on? wanting acreage property. One-third
cash.
$15,000.
Thirteen acres of land in the highest culti-
vation; 7-room house, 2 barns, 5000-gallon tank,
8 acres In best variety of cherries; 5 acres open
land; within short distance from the town of
San Leandro; nets 10 per cent over and above
expenses per annum; this Is an ideal home
for any one.
$150 TO $200»
About 75 lots still remain unsold In the
Hemphill Tract, fronting on San Leandro road,
three blocks beyond High St.; half of this tract
has already been sold and the demand on ac-
count of low prices Is Increasing every day;
cash or Installment.
$800.
Very desirable lot fronting on Putnam at.,
four blocks frcm local train; surrounded by
fine houses and the only lot left In the block
for sale; this Is a desirable piece of pro'perty
and reasonable In price.
$250.
Eighteen lots within four blocks of thft sta-
tion for sale; 25xlt>5; will sell one lot with a
privilege.
FRUITVALE ADJOINS THE CITY LIMITS
OF OAKLAND. WE ARK IN THE COUN-
TRY. YET WE HAVE THE ADVANTAGES
OF THE CITY — WATER. GAS. ELECTRIC-
ITY. SEWERS, STREET CARS. GRADED
SCHOOLS, ETC.
HUNDREDS OF SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS PEOPLE'LIVE IN FRUITVALE. THE
TIME REQUIRED TO MAKE THE TRIP
IS 65 MINUTES AND THE FARE IS ONLY
5 CENTS.
TO REACH FRUITVALE TAKE THE
BROAD-GAUGE FERRY AT THE FOOT OF
MARKET ST.. S. F.. OAKLAND LOCAL,
AND GET OFF AT FRUITVALE STATION
(LAST STOP).
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY.
Corner Bassett and. Putnam sts..
Frultvale. Cal. #
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station; Cal.
$1350 — Fine cottage of 4 rooms, bath, washing-
room; lot 37:6x100: fine garden; city
water: eewered; 2 blocks from Frultvale
station; easy terms if desired. * ¦
$1950 — Good substantial cottage of 6 rooms,
rereDtlon hall, bath, mantel; all modern
. and strong house; lot 50x122:6 to 16-foot
1 -alley In rear; 4 blocks from 8. P. local
station ; small payment down, balance
like rent."
$925— Very good cottage of 4 rooma; about 3
Hocks from Fruitvale ave.; fine garden,
' - frulf trees, choice flowers: lot 60xl0«;
about $100 down, balance $10 per month.
$1050 — Large lot. 70x100; In center of Frult-
vale; cottage of 2 flno rooms; sewe"-ed;
city water; 16 fruit trees; close In. .
JICjO — New, modern cottage of 4 rooms, hall
nnd>.ath, high basement: lot 38x125; all
fenced; 4 blocks from S. P. local station;
terms to suit.
$1800 — Extra good house of 4 rooms, hall, bath
and 2 finished rooms In basement; also
new carpets in double parlors, gas, etc.;
lot 37:6x135; fruit trees; 3 blocks from
local station; a grand place for the money.
$1875 — Attractive cottage of 4 rooms, hall,
bath, attic; all floored;, lot 50x275; on
I* :^ block north of E. 14th st. and close to
broad gauge local station; easy terms if
desired.
$2100 — New, modern pottage of 4 extra large
rooms, high basement, all floored; lot 75x
200, to rear street; location handy to cars
- and school and desirable for raising chick-
ens, etc.
$1050— New cottage of 4 large rooms, all mod-
ern; magnificent view and fine neighbor-
hood; lot 33x104; street worK all done;
cement walks, etc., and on, car line:
small sum down, balance easy payments.
Three, years' lease, with all thfl stock, 80
--<.'„ chickens, etc., for sale for $150; rent $10
jjer month for 2% acres and nice little
cottage, good water, etc.; a good chance
to get a chicken ranch In Frultvale.
H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale Station, Cal.
FBUITVALE ADV'BT'S'M'NTS
pruitvalb real estatb.
wTe. rudell. real estate.
Cor. Frultvale ave. and Washington st..
FRUITVALE. CAL.
Office hours — 8 a. m. to 5 p. m., Sundays
Included.
I give commutation tickets away.
Free commutation ticket to every purchaser.
$830— House, 6 rooms; lot 50x80; good well;
near school; "Allendale"; terms $100 cash,
balance $10 per month.
$350— Lot on Belmont ave.. V» block east of
Frultvale ave.; 38x127.
$900— House. 4 rooms; lot 75x80; good well,
barn and chicken houses; near school;
term* If desired;* "Allendale."
$2500— House of 8 rooms, bath, basement etc. :
bearing fruit trels, berry bushes and veg-
etables; large stable and chicken houses;
lot 135x145; ''corner."
$1900 — Modern cottage, 6 rooms and bath, elec-
tric lights, high basement: I block from
Frultvaie station; lot 50x100; $200 cash,
balance $21 SO per month.
$2200— Four acres of land near the foothills.
$1250— One acre of land on Seminary av«.
$1000— House of 2 nice rooms; lot 70x110;
"nice location," city water and sewer.
$1700 — New modern cottage. 4 rooms, bath.
etc. ; near Catholic church and ear line.
$1650 — Cottage, fi rooms and bath, on macad-
amized street, near station, school and
car line; terms $250 cash, balance $ltt 80
per month, which Includes Interest, prin-
cipal snd taxes.
$1450 — House. 4 rooms, bath, stationary wash-
tray, city water and sewer; lot 37:8x125;
close to station, school and car line;
"easy terms."
$450— Lot 50x164; 1 block east of Frultvale
ave.; "grand view"; terms $150 cash,
balance $10 per month.
$3600 — Beautiful new house, 7 rooms, all mod-
ern conveniences; lot 40x150; east side of
Frultvale ave.
$3500 — House, 10 rooms; "modern"; best part
of Frultvale; lot 50x172.
$6000 — House. 9 roomt very large reception
hall. 4 mantels electric call bells; 3 extra
rooms finished in basement; gas and
electric lights; stable, large lawn, flowers
and shrubbery; grand view of bay; lot
100x160; 1 block from car line; "good
neighborhood."
$100 — Small chicken ranch; house of S rooms.
50 chickens, 2 goats, chicken house. som«
furniture; lot 100x118; rent $4 per month:
$20 per month rente large warehouse; will
hold from 50 to 100 tops of hay; 7 stalls,
3 box stalls. /
ONE-MONTH COMMUTATION TICKET
FREE TO EACH PURCHASER.
W. E. RUDELL.
Cor. Frultvale ave. and Washington st..
One block from station.
FRUITVALE. CAL.
Offlc* open Sundays, 8 a. m. to 8 p. m.
L. L. M. SALSBURY, Exclusive Agent for
SATHER TRACT.
Lots 40x125. $450.
Lots 37:6x125. $390.
Lots 50x200, J78O.
Lots 50x200. on 14th St.. $900.
Sather station on the grounds; many cot-
tages now building. Look for the red flag.
SATHER TRACT.
Office Frultvale ave.. near P. O.
S. F. office. 520 Montgomery st.
. FRUITVALE FURNISHED ROOMS.
1 THREE housekeeping rooms; pantry; closet;
use of bath and laundry; large grounds; $25.
1417 Fremont ave.. Frultvale.
OAKLAND ADVEBTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WHY NOT OWN YOUR HOME?
Three beautiful ft-room modern homes for sale
cheap: BUT LITrLE READY CASH RE-
QUIRED. Inquire at 455 65th st., Oakland.
or call up Stuart 1457.
$1300— LARGE lot. 73x135 feet; right In th»
heart of Linda Vista Terrace; cheapest
lot in Linda Vista.
GEORGE H. VOSE. 072 Broadway. Oakland.
$2OO CASH— New house. 6 rooms, near Key
Route station. Oakland: must have money
at once; a bargain. Owner, 16 Chronicle
building. S. F.
$2250 ONLY for a fine 7-room house; good lo-
cation: fine garden, etc. P. C. LASSEN &
<X>.. 4BB Tenth st.. Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND FHI.MTURE POH SALS.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnl-
¦ ture. H.ScheUhaas.llth St.. cor.atore. Oakland.
San Francisco Advertisem'ts
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRYANT. 421 — 1 or 2 sunny rooms; nicely
furnished for housekeeping.
CALIFORNIA. 1304 — Sunny front bay-window
room tc kitchen, connecting; reas. ;no chlld'n.
CALIFORNIA. 1304— Sunny front bay-window
room and kitchen; reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. 1421—2 front rooms; newly fur-
n'she<i; cheap; convenient; gas stove, bath.
CALIFORNIA, 302r — Nicely furnished rooms
for housekeeping or otherwise If desired; no
oO.er roomers.
CENTRAL ave.. 67, nr. Halght— 2 or 3 sunny
unfurnished rooms for housekeeping; phone;
bath: laundry; references.
CLAY, 1518 — Nicely fur. housekeeping rooms;
gas, range, bath; also unfurnished rooms.
EDDY and Polk (Gladstone) — Elegant sunny
housekeeping apartm'ts; 3 rms;modem -conve-
niences, bath; first class; phone Larkin 1981.
EDDY, 518 — Nicely furnished suite of sunny
housekeeping rooma; water, gas.
EDDY, 502— Suite of housekeeping rooms;
summer prices; nice location.
EDDY, G10 — Front sunny housekeeping rooms;
bath, gas, etc.
EIGHTEENTH. 3462. near Valencia— 2 sunny
cheerful rooms for housekeeping.
FOLSOM, 1001, cor. Sixth — 2 sunny housekeep-
ing rooms, reasonable; also other rooms.
GEARY, 408 — Three eunny. dean, nicely fur-
nished rooms; complete for housekeeping.
GOLDEN OATE ave.. 1210— Two lovely sunny
parlors for housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1221 — 3 sunny bay-win-
dow unfurnished connecting rooms; bath;
yard; $16.
HMGHT, 218 — Elegant apartments; grand
view; 2 or a rooms; cheapest In city.
HARRISON, 748— $12 suite; first floor; large
yard; laundry; quiet house and neighborhood.
HOWARD. 535— Furnished suite for light
housekeeping; $10.
HOWARD, 728 — 2 nice room*, complete for
housekeeping; reasonable.
JACKSON. 1609, cor. Polk— Finely lurnlshed
-sunny corner housekeeping rooms; marine
view; reasonable.
LAGUNA. 1507 — Newly furnished sunny con-
necting rooms; modern; private family; reas.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine —
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
rd. flee trie lighted; free baths; rate $30 up.
JACKSON, 1516 — Sunny housekeeping rooms;
new flat; references. Phone Polk 1875.
LARKIN.IC07. cor.Post— The Cragburn. H. Bur-
llngame.prop.; rras., single & hkpg.apartments.
OAK, 10 — 2 rooms complete for housekeeping:
use of piano.
OAK. 117, and 538 McAllister — Rooms, com-
plete housekeeping; $5 to $12; gas range, hot
bath, laundry; adults. ¦
O'FARRELL. 1S95 — Nicely furnished sunny i
front housekeeping suite In new cor. flat: $16.
PEARL. 3, cor. Market — 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms; $14-$15; no children: phone.
PINE, 1300, ccr. Hyde — 3 sunny furnished
basement rooms, yard, $16; 2 corner fur-
nished rooms, $10 each.
POLK, 1643, cor. Clay— 2 largo nicely furnished
sunny front housekeeping rooms; rent $18.
POST. 1416 — Sunny, nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms. $15 up; gas range: closet*.
SUTTER, 968-970 — Unfur. sunny alcove, dln-
lng-room, kitchen; also furn. suites or single;
choice location; summer rates; tourists.
TAYLOR, 504 — 4 Ana furnished rooms, complete
for housekeeping: also housekeeping rooms.
TEHAMA. 478, nr. 6th — 3 sunny furnished
rooms romp, (or housekpg. ; $12; no children.
THE HERBERT. 1530 Polk st.— Sunny, newly
• furn. apartments; pleasant; tel. Hyde 21SL
TWENTY-SIXTH 8387—2 nice sunny house-
keerlng rooma in the Mission warm belt.
s^ed/THE GALL CAN BENDER 'YOU THIS SERVICE
m'l.r tv »\Trn — m \i.r. — .r«».»Mww»<i.
MUliKAV & HEADY, phone Mlin ."SIS.
«34 arnl <->(i Clay ft. : 5848 phone Main.
Lsadirig iiniplo} inenl and I^bor Agents.
1WB V, e Gav« liH;4 We Hope to
tiO.tMt Mtn Work. increase UU.OOO.
Epaui&ii — <jorn:an — French.
I-allan— S»!» — CJrfvk.
KSVADA STA1X-S HOURS,
t.oveinaier.t work— Free fare.
"f.5 teaaifters, *2 to *2 M day.
UriU^rs. hammersmen. etc.. $75 to $90.
hic-ial i-h:j>ment cf 1 j-a*senger car to-day.
AIUZON A— FLORENCE— AK1Z0NA.
l(&0 miles— $10 50.
2 F|v-rtf.I pae*e:ifjcrs daily ever Santa Fe.
-::.¦• men wanted.
Ortl!<-n% rcK-kmen, teasiifUn. laborers, etc.,
*2. $2 BO. *¦{ to *:$ 50 day. ,».._.„
SOUTH— 40« mile»-!?4 06— SOLTH.
K5 teasnster*, you'll suit. $C0.
TO THE LUMBER.
rr. leborcr*. no experienc* wanted. $C0:
tcan-..sle»-. *jO found: head fionktyman, .50
ind f4,uml- 2 carriage sellers, 10 Scandina-
vian 5at.TT!-. caw-mill co.. $C0; screw turners,
hook trr.ders. cds^r^ien, logger who under-
«;e-.> riKging. $i>0 and found; shingle pack-
ers. cuu>rr saucers, molder. sticker hand,
cutoft sawyer ran boring machine. 12.
CARrENTKRS— CARPENTERS.
1 otrpr.ters. plain work, fare SOc, $3 50 day.
Csrpenurs, C. C. Co., far* SI. $2 day and fd.
<*a.r;x;nter. ranch Job. tare SI. $*0 and found.
OTHER TRADESMEN.
BlackamlUl. mining town. $75 »nd found.
"« hor*efhi>crs, ail round blacksmiths and
MlMH, city and country Jcbs, $4, $3 50, $3, :
ff2 10 cay.
« wii*-Hvrr!ghts. different Jobs, $3 to $4 day.
Miikcr hand. $4.
",S rooprr*. Elark m-ork, north ar.d *outh.
:» »<>«h ana door hands. $3 to $3 60 day. |
4 riuTCber*, $4 day: shlngler. CV: p*r M.
I»3 WOODCHOrPERS. TlEMAKERS.
TO THK MINES AND QUARRIES.
3« l«bTcr*, fcr mines, f iO and (34 and id.
Jfi cri:i»rf. r.o far* to pay. SC7 50.
UABORCSa. TEAMSTERS.
m 6cr»iier j.ni wa.gcn teamsters. $2 25 a day.
IM liborrr*. all nvr California, seme in
Kan Pr«n<-!*..o. J^ and $2 DO a day.
::5 ialKjrot-E, fe hour*' work daily, that s an; I
1 iXt and harvest hands
hi haymakers, all over 8tate. tl M dsy fd.
."« fianwt hanris. rack sewers, pitchers, etc..
iv tounaten. «xtia good Job». $1 &0 and $2
a <5iy ar.J fout.d.
2 farm hands ller.docino Co . $30 fa.
DAIHYIOD?. STABLEMEN.
«4 *nilktr». **ira good jobs; come see; $35,
StO nnd iound. '
<; hut?*Tm»k#r», 2 cheetemakers. $40. $50 fd.
;:i * tablemen, city end country Jobs, $75. $60,
S.%5 and found.
«S cboremen and boys, different jobs. $35
and (30
MfRRAT & HEADY.
«34 and <B« Clay «t.
FOUKMAN
For * lite J aid and orchard; call early; will
I ay tbs ««g»f; we want the man.
VI'KHAV & KEADY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
MAN" f> run cyanide j.lsnt: understands chem-
istry; boss her*: good wages; also 12 ma-
rtin* miners, $*>.
MIRKAY «* READY. C34 and 63<J Clav et-
MARRIED.
rjook «nd wife. i;, men. mine, fare $3, $40 fd.
• v«>k and » if<>. luml«r camp, $50 found.
Milkt-r and wife. Northern «^al.. $50 found.
4 farmer* and vives. $V. $tA $70 found.
MIRRAT A- READY. <io4 and 636 Clay *t.
HOTEL PEPT.
I 'ook. throning outfit, $50 found.
.-!.*!«- maker, $4n and found.
Waiter, mine, $30.
U' < <«-iks, different place?, $3rt to $55 found.
.« iniTt-rfc, different rlaees. $:J0 to $40 found.
;'T di;h washers, $-5. $30, $i{5 found.
r<rtvrs. beil and elevator hoys, pantrymen.
LATNDRYMEN.
1 auidrymar., plain work, institution, $30 fd.
MURRAY A READY,
631 and 636 Clay rt.
2 HAnNKS-S cie* Tiers. $75.
Printer. cit>. $1 tn $1 50 day.
LAUNDRY.
iln.rk.tr. country laundry. $15 week.
lrcner. fart $1. $12 we«k.
'¦•.•-. hand, fare $1. $10 week.
—^.LOOK
i'lat-tf-rer. <ountry job. $4 day.
liencu hnnd. pUring mill. $3 day.
Ml'IilUV & KEADY. t>34 and C36 Clay st.
LATE SPECIALS.
SAWMILLS.
'JO l»b"trr* for cawmi'l, no experience needed,
far*- i2 «. r >, $3A and found.
l'ia»<crrr, Marin County, $4 day.
Uutcher. small country j^hop. $35 and found.
Butcher' « htlper. $35 and found.
OJarxicner. vegetables and flowers, see boss
litre. $C5 tnd found.
4 carpenters, rough work. Nevada, $00 found.
- I::m> k>ir.::;i. catnii. Nevada. $<50 and found.
< ci«.ri*nter», r«->uph work, factory, $3 day.
FKEE FARE.
NKVADA.
Uri'-kmck'Ts, oouutry.
:•<» laborers «ind teamster*, Nevada, free fare.
Hutchcr, tlaughter-hou»f. ranch. $50 found.
Roust] carpenter, city, $2 25 day.
;i csrpentere, 80c fare, $3 to $4 day.
Fiiiirh carpenter, city. $3 50 day.
v men to irrigate orchard. $26 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and C3tt Cay et.
WANTED — Solicitors to sell the latest and
safest Investment on the market. Our "R*-
frerve Secured Interest Bearing Certificates"
are an eairy nUtr. We guarantee hustlers
good wage*. Ask for Mr. McCJarvie. room
W, Columbian b'.dg., 916 Market et.
ALL "
Men to learn t!.e BARBER TRADE; only
e fht weeks required; positions secured: con-
?tant practice and expert Instruction; special
offer and catalogue mailed free.
MCIILER SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
¦WANTED — Three flr*t-class carriage black-
Fmiths and thr^e first-class, body makers;
good wages and steady employment to right
rartles. Arply A. MEISTER Sc. SONS CO..
ifacramento, Cal.
WANTED — Dentist — *;ood extractor; good rap-
id crown and bridge workman. Schiffman
I«*ntal Co.. L<-« Angeles, Cal.
liAIGHT tearhe? you the barber trade and
pays ynu wage* while learning. Call at
lla'.ght's Barber College, 647 Commercial st.
BARBER rhop: 3 chairs, bath, bootblack
stand; In lively town: money-maker; fine
location. Box 3. Plaoerrtlle.
TRY our men's tho»m. union made, at $1 and
$1 50 rair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
cspn-Ks or mail charges. 11 3d St., Exam. bid.
WOOD working machine hand for furniture
factory. 2147 Folsom st.
WANTED — Exjxsrleneed domestic salesmaji.
Apply bet. » and 11 a. m. at HALE PROS'.
A GOOD collector of bills: roust give a aurety
bond. FRED KRUEGER, 205 Parrott bldg.
A profitable outing: pick hops In August. Write
E.CLEMENS HORST CO.,122Battery t*.,S.F.
LABOR debts collected; eufts. attachments.
. ].,» .-. r.i Adjustment Co., 32$ Montgy, r. 415.
YOUNG rr.ar, to learn barber trade; wages
while learning. 741A Howard at.
BAILORS and young m*n (green hands) tot
ships. BALLBERT. 617 Jackson it.
BARBER «hop for sale, clearing $25 per week;
rent, $8. 2147 Twenty-fourth «t.
fc'AILORS and ordinary ecamrn for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st.
PCNE1ON AttT^E. A, Bullis. r.40. Phelan bldg\
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. O. A. It.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St., near Mar-
krt — 700 room*.; C5c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus a r.i baggage to and from ferry.
AT ©nc<», 2 first-class carriage wood workers
at SPINNEY'S*. 1G40 Mission st.
A BRANCH office cf The Call for the reception
cf advertisement: and subscriptions has been
. ;<r.rJ at I*** Market St.. opposite Fifth.
' ¦: • n until II P- ni
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscrtptloos rect!v««l at
Call branch office, ccr. Duncan tt ChurcbMt«.
ALL tiz'K men's $hoes, slightly damaged, half
.price. ¦¦<Z : . Mirrlon rt.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your Khr«s half-soled while waiting; 25c
to TAtc. r.'.'i Mission fct.. bet- 1st and 2d sU.
UOnSCS AXD WAGONS.
FOR Bule — Pacing mare, $175; 7 years old, very
fast; trw.tle in every resp*-ct; eafe for wo-
man to drive; will co double. For particu-
lar* addret* box 800. Call office.
la^EGANT eurrcy; brar.d new; Just the thing
for a summer resort : price $175. Corner
Xlnct«.*r.th and Shotwell «te.. G. POSTLER.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday: horses, wag-
onr. rurrryr, buggies, carts and harness; at
1140 Folsom rt.
j-jMJ river bottom pasturage; green feed year
rnund; nf-nr Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Etablra, 190 Stevenson. S.F. '
C GOOD horses for eale cheap. 327 Sixth rt.
WANTED— Horse Iscund) for delivery wagon.
Box 1014. Call office.
WANTED — To buy a buggy; must be Jn good
Mrpuir. Box 832. Ca.ll office-.
WANTED— Single set buggy harness. Box
£14*, Call office.
FINE i>urry. almost new, cheap. 3J30 Eac-
rur.mto tt.
MEDICAL— Continued.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO., 10 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chlckerlng baby grand;
Phonlnger. little u»ed. Kfeffe's. 2SS O'Farrell.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILEHS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. MclN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-107 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc, bought sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
reefs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to step all leaks in the one and preserve the
new. 205 Front st. ; tel Main 1428.
FOR sale — Flret-class tickets, man ar.d woman
San Francisco to points east of Cleveland^
Ohio; World's Fair stopover; $30 each. For
particulars address Traveler. Call office.
A— FINE BUlts. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Orlg-
, Inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny st.,
near Bush; open to 9 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
CineS, boilers, water pipe, shafting pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st.
GENTS' full dress, Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 23
Stockton, st.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
Finall weekly payments. United Loan and
TruFt Co.. 21 Stockton St.
FOR sale— A copy of the Ulster County Ga-
zette of Jan.. 1800; valuable curiosity: party
needs money; make offer. Box 3580, Call.
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton St..
upetalrs.
ALTERATION sale — Beat $2 50 hats, $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny st., near
Pine; open to 9 p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid. : catalog free.
SECOND-HAND sealskins, old gold and dia-
monds bought: send postal; will call. New
Municipal Loan Office. 617 Washington st.
FINE old violin and, fine case, cost $150; for
eale cheap at 511 Taylor st.
EVERLASTING »!ffn«>. letters, numbers; only
makers in State. BAKER'S. 21 Spaar St.
SAFES and deeks; new and second-hand: pricf*
right at Richardson Bros'.,. IS16 Market St.
ONE solitaire blue-white diamond ring, about
1% karate. $185. 10 Sixth st.
GOOD secend-hand kitchen stove for sale at
1814 Hroderlck «t.
FOR r.ale— 10x12 wall tftnt, nearly new', and
bicycle. H5« Fourth et.
HEADQUARTERS for novelties: celebrations
and carnivals. M. NEWMAN, 307 5th St., S.F.
A NICE family cow giving almost 4 gallons
of milk daily, for sale. 4039 Twenty-slith Bt.
COMBINATION, billiard and dining-room table
for sale very reasonable. Box 10G9, Call.
BEST white load 7c per oound: to painters
less. BUTCHER. 741 Mission St.
AWNINGS. tents,new,second-hand. SUN TENT
& AWNING CO., 42 Spear St.; tel. John 648«.
TENTS for r*nt or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT & AWNING Co. .35 Mkt. Tel. Bush 859.
PIGEONS— All the leading varieties; stamp for
catalogue. C. WILSON, office 229 Stevenson.
BRITANNIC A~ Encyclopedia, latest edUlon7~31
vols. KING'S. 61 McAllister St., nr. Market.
EDISON Phonograph Agency. Peter Bacigalupl,
moved to 7Stt Mission st.
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap; some
new; 16x16. 319 Third St.; tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montg'y.
EAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market St.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E^ Beck & Co., 122 MkU
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER^
MANN SAFE CO., 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, niagle lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains'. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 v. m,
MISCELLAXEOUS WA.VTS.
BIG prices paid for old gold, aeaUkins, dia-
monds, gents' full dress suits, etc ; send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton st.
A— MORRIS gives highest prlcefl for ladies' A.
gents' castoff clothing; postal. J»13 Folsom.
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing. Tel.
Davis 625; C50 Sacramento Bt.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2851.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 782 Mission; phone Bush 467.
OFFICES AXD STORKS TO LET.
FOLSOM. 1W5 — Large, light, airy store, three
rooms and yard; rent reasonable.
PERSONALS.
A SUIT or overcoat, Including one extra pants
free, made to order for $15; why buy on In-
stallments or ready made If you can get bar-
gains like this? Agent wanted. LEON
LEMOS, 1127 Market »t. bet. 7th and ton.
DR. IiOWKLL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysi.i, neuralgia, pneumonia,
tore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWF.LL & BROWN. 32 Turk st., K. K.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Its growth, stops falllng.curea dandruff
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp: at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star KemedyCo.,1338 Polk.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 328 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
"VITAL ring" produces Iwalthy circulation,
curing organic weakness, drains, varlcocele,
etc.: easily worn; $2 60 postpaid; physicians
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co., 140 Geary, S.F.
GOLDEN GATE. 300 — Cor! laundry, barber
shop, cigars, tobacco, newspapers, suits
cleaned.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor, 721 Market st. /
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 60 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post et.. near Powell.
ALL my friends are welcome at my new sa-
loon, 640 Commercial st. J. I. AZEVEDO.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrw.Dr.A.W.Travers. 11 70 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 .60
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
Acttna restores lost eyesight; cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO., 3524 19th, nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 30!) Sut- '
ter, r. 609. Miss Eatoo. 233 Geary, room 3S.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1 at all druggists.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite' Fifth.
Open until 11 n. m.
PALMISTRY.
A— MME. LYMAN. scientific palmist, recently
from East. 610 Eddy sM phone Polk 4611.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
¦ Taylor St.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA at-
torncy-at-law, 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market at.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGBO\S.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence
1021% Market »t., bet.' 6th and 7th; partlcu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONO HIM, herb doctor;
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 6C"< Geary Bt., near Lea von worth.
DR. TONO PO CHY, successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONO WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st
HORSES AXD WAGON'S Continued.
FOR sale — Extra fine camp wagon with para-
phernalia; also 2 driving and 6 work horses.
STS Folcom st.
FUR rale — Two second-hand platform spring
wesuns and one truck. 233 Beale st.
NEW and second-hand wagons, all kinds, at
H'.lfl Market Et.. opp. Franklin. :
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
n«iss. work and driving horses. 15th-Valencia.
HOUSES TO LET,
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN * Co.. 20 Montgomery.
HARRIET, JJ5 — Nice house. 7 rooms, bath,
gas, basement and yard: In fine condition.
BUCHANAN, 1909, near Hush— S-room sunny
house; fine yard; basement ; fine view.
I.WKSTMEMTS.
GOOD Investment — A limited numoer of shares
at 25c per ehare: this stock will be worth
one dollar t$l) per share wltmn a year; call
er write Osceola Mining and Development
Company. 414 Crossley building. S. F.
LOST AND FOU.\D.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of IRMA BLEUER; No. 256-52S. The
fir.der will please return to bank. j
LOST— A brown purs.e with a sum of money.
: return and receive a good reward. 110
! Fourth st.
LOST— Solid gold lady's watch and chain, on
' Mat-on st. Return to 223 Mason st.. room
S. and receive reward.
¦ FOUND — A gentleman's scarf pin. Apply
Young Woman's Christian Association, after
7 p. m.
LOST— Lady's geld specimen pin: valued as
keepsake: reward. L. B. WELLER. 335 3d.
LAUNCHES FOB HIKE.
cTa. McNEILL LAUNCH CoTToot of Clay
rt. ; fcr pleasure and business; tel. Bash 534.
J. Mlchaelis Launch Co.,Unlor.-st. Wharf; boat-
ing A excursions. 5 Steuart et. ; tel.John 26S6.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless ar.d reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years 1 experience In all f«-
rrale disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE.
702 Market ft., rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed: SO years' txpertence. 826 Post Ft.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 10CSI& Market st., opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. ODONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complainrs; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advlre free. Office. 1018 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk, abova Van Ness — Ex-
pert In obstetrics, female complaint*; Inst.
relief; treatment $10; hours 10 to 5; 25 yrs. ex.
MATERNITY Villa.— Secluded; confidential.
DR. EMILIA Fl'KKE, 141« 8th St., Alameda.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
LADIES' JrregulRrtties cured; 18 years' ex.;
private. DR. SYLVESTER. 218 Kearny St.
LADIES — Kumround; safe, sure, never fails;
$2. Gleawn-Ruggles Drug Co..7Cearny & Clay.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having secured lease of
premise*. U permanently located at 511A
Leavenworth St., bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
DR. ROSEN resides 2935 Folsom St.. corner
2fith: ladles, relief or no fee: $10.
MO.\EY TO LOAN.
AAA^-HERMAN r ~MURPHY^
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; assignments cf rents; property In trust,
etc.: legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment-. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
" 1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of IntereEt. .
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 490. Call office.
A^ EASY PAYMENT LOANS. ~
We will make strictly confidential loan on
your piano, furniture or security of any kind;
this is a trust company; our system gives
you cheaper rate, longer time and more
money than any one else In city; liberal ad-
vances made to salaried people on their notes;
don't fall to pee us. ILLINOIS TRUST CO.,
rm. 16, Ph-lan bldg., Market and O'Farrell.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyon'e: confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453, Parrott bldg.
AAA — Interest 6 per cent (read Sunday papers).
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK
...City. Oakland, Town. Country Property...
MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (city agents),
107-8 Crocker building — Post-Market sts.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or ether security; no com.;
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
• Credit Co., es Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
t>46 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch, 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, seaJskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault is protected
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton; phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In 46
principal dtlee. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
I PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery St.. rm. 7.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
BTAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav. Bk.
bld.> Oakland -office. 1103^ Brdwy., suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 103 Grant are..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg. -
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 533 Kearny.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1CO3 Mutual
Savings Bank building, 708 Market st.
Hi PER cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged- ELFVINO. 616 Hearst bid., Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indoraer. MORELL. 009 Examiner building.
WUSICA^^I^JJlUMEXTg.
A GOOD new piano for $2 50. We have con-
fidence in yju and in our pianos — that Is
why w»ask you to try our Instruments. We
are willing to accept a small Interest on the
investment — $2 50 this month. Remember
this opportunity closes with the summer sea-
son. First selection Is best choice. HEINE
PIANO CO., 236-237 Geary St.. manufactur-
ers of the Peerless Heine and agents for ten
different makes from $115 to $975, and three
makes of piano-players from $125 to $275.
Used bargains from $25 up. Our output is
double that of any other piano house.
AAAAA — FINE assortment of second-hand up-
rights from $40 up, including such makes as
Chlckerlng. Vose, Eteinway. Steck. Knab«,
Mathushek. Sterling, Curtaz. Erard and
many others on easy payments. BENJ.
CURTAZ tt SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
PIANOS for rent; $3 per month; the largest
and best stock In Ean Francisco to select
from; piano* from $30 upward; our line the
beet, our prices the lowest. 8COTT CURTAZ
PIANO CO- 660G4 Hayes st.
VIOLIN for sale cheap r call at 477 Ellis st.
after 6 p. m. A. E. GRAVATT.
AT firewood prices; unredeemed storage pianos
and furniture. Wnltehead's storage. 1C3B Mkt.
$00 FOR a fine upright. If you want a bargain
call at HORNUNG'S. 216 McA 1 1 later.
GOOD standard upright piano for sale: $85.
STATHAM. 110 McAllister st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 P.ost st
$1C5 — STEINWAY upright: private party; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 337 Gear/ n. >
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING— Coo.
VALENCIA, 822 — 3 or 4 sunny corner house-
kpg. rooms; elcc. lights, gag and coal ranges.
VAN NESS ave.. 525— Newly furnished hkp.
ran.; also other rras.; modern; cor. house.
VAN NESS. 1)17 — Fine suite housekeeping rnu. :
sunny cor. ; also single rooms; water and gas.
VAN NESS, 14CD — For housekeeping, sunny al-
covt- and bay-window rooms, comp. kitchen
with gas range; every room reduced; $.) up.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St.. opposlta Ftfth.
Open until 11 p. in.
-^PABTMEarr houses.
A— THE MACKEN. 81 CENTRAL AVE.
NEW HOUSE: BEAUTIFULLY FINISHED;
* AND 4 ROOMS: GAS STOVES FVJt-
NISHEP; JANITOR SERVICE.
A— AUGUSTINE »45 POST; APARTMENTS;
FURNISHED AND UP TO DATE: PHONES
IN ALL ROOMS. PHONE PR. EX. 1*X
OCTAVIA, 1423— Most select apartment-honssj
In city; 3-4 rooms; elegantly furnished.
ST. LOUIS, 1575 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-5
rooms; furn. or unfurn. ; refs. Tel. East 135f>.
BOOMS TO LET— Ftp. and'tafsTS.
C— THE ST. KATHRYN,
N. E. COR. ELLIS AND LEAVENWORTH.
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN CITT;
NEW HOUSE; FIRST CLASS;
JUST FURNISHED: HAIR MAT-
TRESSES IN EVERY ROOM:
HOT AND COLD WATER
BATHS; STEAM HEAT: ELKVA-
TOR SERVICE: EVERY MOD-
ERN CONVENIENCE; ROOM3 $3
PER WEEK UP.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14H Sixth st— Room»
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $3 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." S73 Market st. for N». t
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; housa open all night.
ABBOTSFORD (The), cor. Broadway and PoIK
— Quiet, homelike; charges reas.; cars direct. -
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; alno unfurnished.
BUSH. 1105 — Sunny bay window alcove; run-
r.lng water; gas; bath, etc.
CALIFORNIA. 1001, upstairs— Nice large sun-
ny room for one or two gentlemen.
CLAY, 1105— Furnished room to let.
CLIFFORD. 2<M Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, lie — Nttely furnished front room and)
single room for gentlemen; reasonable.
EDDY. 216 — Nicely furnished large rooms and
single; central location.
ELEVENTH. 21 — Elegant rooms, single rr en
suite; furnished or unfurnished; references.
ELLIS. 02S — Elegantly furnished rooms: sun,
electric lights, baths, steam ly-at, phone,
new; flat 4. elevator.
FILLMORE. 1081 — Nicely furnished, sunny
double or single rooms; rent reasonable.
FOLSOM. 60S. cor. Second — Aurora — Nicely fur-
nished, sunny rooms; reasonable.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 3So
to $1 23 night: $1 50 to $6 wk. ; reading- rm.
HOTEL DUFFERIN. 74» Ellis— Elegantly fur^
ntshed suites and single rocms.
HYDE. 727 — Elegantly furnished rooms, suit-
able for gentlemen, in private family.
HYDE, 810, near Sutter — Large furnished
room; $7 a month.
HYDE place. 2 — Newly furnished rooms, suit-
able for two.
JONES. 207 . (Van Winkle)— Furnished sunny
rnts. ; suite or stngl«; gents preferred; $2 up.
KEARNY. 34 — Front sunny suites: also office,
rooms; housekeeping privileges If desired.
KEARNY, 26V4— Nicely furnished rooms; ain-
gle or en suite.
LILY ave., 308%. near Latruna st. — Sunny
front room for respectable working girl.
MARKET, 1004— Third flonr:- nicely furnished
room to let: $1 25 a week.
MINNA. 32S — Furnished rooms, single or
double. $1 up.
MISSION. 16396— Nicest sunny rooms; bath;
reasonable.
NEWLY furnished bathroom suite, ground flr>cr
front; also other suites and single, rooms.
THE DUFFERIN. 749 Ellis st.
O'FARRELL, 332— Nicely furnished parlors;
eunny suite or single; light hskpg if desired.
O'FARRELL. 1164 — Elegant~newly furnished
moms; front, side, rear; sunny; running
water: references exchanged.
POST. f»K9. near Hyde^ — Large furnished front
room; bath; gas; foe 1 or 2 gents.
POST. 1416 — Sunny, nicely furnished room,
with closet. $S.
POWELL. 216— The Crescent, bet. O'Farr»U
and Geary; sunny furnished rooms. $2 wk. up.
POWELL, 6C6 — Nice sunny rooms.
POWELL. 706 — Two nice connecting front
rooms: sunny; all modern conveniences; reaa.
POWELL, 1005 (The Virginia)— A snap; ei«^
gant front suite; partly furnished; marina
view; running water.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night, S5c to $1 50; week. $2
to $S; menth. $H to $3O; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SIXTEENTH. 29.16 — 3 unfurnished sunny cor-
ner rooms; connecting; gas and bath; $13 50\
STEVENSON. 257 — Light rocms $1 week;
hskpg. oomple. $1 75; parlcr. your own price.
SUTTER, 361 (Larchmont) — Nice furnished
rips; central, convenient, modern, reasonable.
BUTTER, 614 (Westminster) — Handsomely fur-
nished sunny bay-window suites of rooms.
TUB FALMOUTH, 104!>A Market St.— Punny
rooms; hct and cold water; elevator; $2 to $7.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market — 40O
rooms. SRo to $1 night, $1 7.T to $« week; elec-
tric lights (no ga9), running water In every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus: bagsaje-
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St., near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 7CO rooms;
35c to $1 50 nlxht; $2 to $» week: et»vator:
.elec. lights; reading-room: free bus: baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth st. — Rooms from 15c
to $1 rer night and from 90c to $5 per wwfc.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan fc Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions haa been
opened at IOCS Market St., opposite Fifth.
Op»n until 11 p. m.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
THIS SELECT FAMILT HOTEL, BEAUTI-
FULLY SITUATED ON THE FINEST COR-
NER OF VAN NESS AVE.. NOW THOR-
OUGHLY RENOVATED AND EQt^PPEP*
WITH ALL THE LATEST IMPROVEMENTS.
IS READY TO RECEIVE OUEST3.
1015 VAN NESS. COR. CJEART.
APPLY TO MR3. E. WIN DELE. MANAGER.
HOTEL HATTON, 877 Pine — New modern
suites and single; special Inducements to
tourists and country visitors; convenient to
¦ theaters and trade center; reasonable.
BRADBURY HOTEL. 1604 California st.
TABLE UNEXCELLED; REASONABLE.
SPECIAL RATES FOR THE SUMMER.
LEAVENWORTH, 1023 — Extra large sunny
room, with board; bath, phone; 2. 3 or 4
gentlemen.
SUNNY room and first-class board for respect-
able young man: private family. CCfl Her-
mann St.. bet. Flllmore and Steiner.
VAN NESS. 2511 — Nie«ty furnished rooms;
running water, bath and phone; breakfast
and dinner If desired. __
BREAKFAST and dinner with room, $20 ma;
first-class home cooking. 1254 Eddy st.
BUSH, 700 — Nicely furnished rooms, with ta-
ble board; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 112S. opp. Jefferson Pk.— Nicely fur.
sunny rooms; table board: reas.; new mang't.
GEAHY. 501. Hotel L' Alglon— Family rooms
«nd board; entirely renovated: reas. prices.
HOTEL STEWART. 1101 Pine— Large sunny
single rooms: also small suite.
JOHNSTON (The). 605 O* Farrell St.— Sunny
rooms, with board: beautiful grounds; refs.
THE CROCKER. Pine and Leavenworth sts.—
large sunny suite; also slnsle room.
TURK. 823 — Sunny rooms and good board;
reasonable.
VAN NESS ave.. '407— Board and room ft»
two.
Continued on Paso 10. ,
real E .^X A I^TrfiLTA^i F J* R -^ A -V^;
EA^TOiNTTELD^rDGir^Ca?^' "
Q33 MARKET ST.
AUCTION .
AUCTION
AUCTION
TUESDAY, JUNE 28, 1904,
At our salesrooms at 32 o'clock noon.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
No. 1115 Po«t st., west of Polk St.; lot 27:6x
120 feet, through to Cedar ave.; Improvements
consist of an elegant 10-room dwelling, steam-
heated throughout, . latest modern plumbing-,
running water In each room, high basement,
conservatory and large garden.
INVESTMENT FLATS.
Nos. 760, 762. 704 6th ave.. north of D St.;
'lot 27x120 feet; improvements consist of a 3-
story building containing 4 separate flats of
4-4-7-S rooms and bath; rent $76 per month;
mortgage of $4000 can remain.
SHOTWELL-STREET INVESTMENT. v
West line of Shotwell st., north of 20th f
lot .10xl22:C feet; improvements consist of a
dwelling occupied and used as a Chinese wash-
house; rent $15 per mo.; mortgage of $1000
can remain.
PARK PANHANDLE BUILDING LOT.
Northerly line of Fell St., 81:3 feet east of
Cole; lot 2fixl00 feet; 'this lot Is directly oppo-
site the park panhandle, a very short distance
from the park proper; .situated on the sunny
side cf the street, and Is one of the very few
lots obtainable on this desirable street; mort-
gese $2100 (Jormen Savings Bank, can remain.
SACRAMENTO-STREKT FLATS.
No. 3735 Sacramento St., west of Spruce;
lot 27:Uxl32:7 l /8 feet; improvements consist of
4 desirable flats containing 4-4-5-5 rooms, mod-
ern plumbing, porcelain bath, flush toilets,
nickel-plated trimmings; modern in every re-
spe;t; excellent surroundings; rent $72 per
month; mortgage of $3. r »00 can remain; title
guaranteed: sidewalk patent concrete; street
bitumlnlzed; built only 3 years'.
MISSION COTTAGE.
West line Goettlngen st., north of Silver ave.,
being between Ktlver ave. and Sllltman >st. ;
lot 50xlO<> feet; improvements consist of a new
co'tage containing 0 roems and porcelain bath,
finished basement, rooms all expensively paint-
ed and fr«Ecoed; large stable for 8 horses, hay
lofts, c-tc; take the Folsom-strect car and
transfer at 28th and Folsom sts. to the San
Bruno road cars.
RICHMOND COTTAGE.
No. 62S Rth ave.. north of C St.: lot 28:lrtU
xl20 feet. Irregular; Improvements consist of an
elejrant lTi-^tfrj' cottage containing 6 rooms,
porcelain bath. 2 flush toilets; modern stable,
hay lofts, etc.; take the McAllister and Geary
strpet cars; this cottage is built less than a
year: positively the most beautifully laid out
residence in this entire district.
BTTSH-BTREET FLATS.
Nos. 262«. 2G2CA Hush St., east of Broderlck:
lot 27:6x137:6 feet; improvements consist of 2
flats containing 7 rooms and bath each; stable
in the rear: rent $01 per month.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
Will be sold to close tha estate of David R.
Jones, deceased, subject to confirmation of tha
Superior Court. The following lots will be
sold in block BO, Horner's Addition, bounded
by Church, Dolores. 2fith and Army sts,; lots
3. 4, 5, 6, -7. 8, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, as per dia-
gram.
ALSO
Lots in block 62, Fame addition as per dia-
gram; lots 1. 2. 3. 4. r», 6, 7, 8, 9. 10, 11, 12,
13. 14. 18. 1«.
EASTON, ELPRIDOE & CO..
63S MARKET ST..
$1 25 PER week: no interest; lots In the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract; all level; no grad-
ing to do; ready to build your little home
en; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St., room 5.
BIO bargain; $3r>nO; 4 lots of 25x100 each, near
Mission car line, on Silver ave.: fine, strongly
built house of <i rooms: co«t alone over $2000;
chicken houses, with all appliances; cow
barn; fine spring water, with windmill and
new tank on premise: all fenced In with new
fence; lots alone worth $500 apiece; grand
views, fine, healthy location. Box 1048, Call.
HOUSES and lots In all parts of the city;
some good .bargains: also In Berkeley and
Alameda: call or write for what you want.
ROTHERMEL A CO., 607 California st.
FREE homesUad presented by Uncle Sam un-
der new Government canal In Nevada. See
J. E. GORDON, 628 Crossley bldg., 2:30 to 5
p. m. dally.
MONEY at 6 per cent for the full cost of build-
ings and part lot. Manhattan Savings Bank,
107-8 Crocker building.
$1600^ — Must sfll: cottage, 5 rooms and bath;
cor. lot, 50x100. 2 Capital ave.. Ocean View.
$9fOO, Howard St.; north lln** bet. 7th and 8th,
25xftO; tmprov. DONNELLY CO., 632 Market.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
I1ACH t MAYER, Plumbers. 836 Howard St.
KEAL ESTATK — Conntry — For Sitle.
WHITE & BAYLEY,
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$12,500 — Splendid stock ranch and general
farm 2000 acres; 4 miles from Courthouse,
Mendocino County; 200 acres tillable; 2 com-
plete sets of farm buildings; well supplied with
water and an abundance of live oak timber;
there are several patches suitable for alfalfa.
$8000— Only 3^ miles of Geyserville, the Gem
of Sonoma County; mile good school; rural
mall delivery; fiO acres; 30 acres rich bottom
land: 2 acres orchard; 15 acres vineyard, all
bearing; 5 acres alfalfa; well lenced and cross
fenced; 5- room house, 2 good bams, nice
spring; have other bargains in this superb sec-
tion.
$25CK> — 15 acres level land. 7 miles of San
Jose; all in vineyard; house.
$2000 — 40-acre dairy and poultry ranch, 1
mile of town; hill land; - houses; barn; corral;
poultry houses, 2 incubators; 2 brooders; farm-
Ing tocls; fenced; 4 cows; 2 horses; 225 chick-
ens; tine market.
$ti00 — One minute's walk of church and
school. 4 milep of town; 1% acres; nice 4-room
house; large barn; poultry houses; rich garden
land with easterly slope; on main sprinkled
road; rural delivery; Ideal poultry farm.
$3200— In city limits of. Petaluma; ?V4 acres;
neat cottage; barn; 5 poultry houses; 2 brood-
ers; 1 incubator: 2 wagons; harnrss; horse;
Jersey cow; 450 chickens; Jill In bearing fruit;
see photos of select Petaluma homes at this
office. . .
$.'JOO0— 3 miles of- Santa Rosa; 200 acres; 20
acres tillable soil; 500 cords of wood; house;
barn; running water; 10 head of cattle; 25 head
of hos*; other bargains in this superb section.
$000 — Only 1 mile of town; 80 acres; hoiise,
trees, vines, berries; 15 acres bottom land;
placer and quartz gold; 2 garden patches, out-
side range, tools, furniture; forced sale.
$1000 — Near Merced City, on main road; 40
acres rich land; 5 acres bearing olives, 10
acrerf alfalfa: 5$£ acres bearing orchard; 2
wells; all under ditch; fine cottage, 6 rooms;
steel winHmlll and tank; good barn; toolhouse:
granary; poultry houses; incubator houses: nice
Income; cash or trade bay counties property.-
ALFALFA LANDS.
Rich black land, near Stockton, subdivided In
small tracts at $05 per acre; one-third of crop
with place. ..
Adjoining the town of Lodl, both bearing
vineyard land and unimproved under ditch;
$12.1 to $IC5 per acre.
$50 per acre: 10 acres up; under ditch; 4H
miles from Lodi, on main county road; also
land on the Stanislaus ditch as low as $45 an
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED. '
We have several parties with good Income
property to trade for cheap country homes; also
lodging-houses; many cash buyers; list your
property . •
$2500^ 60 acres; 5 miles from Santa Cruz; 20
acres under cultivation, balance rolling and
some steep; small orchard and vtneyard. bear-
Ing: good 7-room house, barn, outbuildings;
bank foreclosure; $500 down and balance
monthly payments If desired.
$5000 Best ranch in Southern . Oregon: 320
acres; 2 gets good Improvements; well fenced;
orchard; 5 horses; farming tools; outside range.
$450lf — 30 acres close to Morgan Hill, Santa
Clara County; 20 acres bearing orchard and
vlneyaid. 10 acres hill pasture; nice hard
finished cottage of B rooms; outbuildings; fine
Income; would trade for Income city property.
$1150 Only 6 miles from Courthouse; 80
acres; orchard, vineyard, house, outbuildings;
pait rash; near Red Bluff.
$17,00t>— Finest ranch In San Joaquln County,
between Stockton and Lodl; water near sur-
face* good house, outbuildings, barn, corrals;
450 acres rich land, 1 mile of Calaveras River,
on malu road; mortgage $0000; would trade for
Bret-class .property near city.
CoUn<ry hotel, live town; Alameda County;
lot 80x200; fine trade; 14 large rooms; house
for help; large stable; outbuildings; opposite
new station; $3500. ( '¦
$2250^ 10 acres, all In apricots Just com-
mencing to bear; 0 miles from San Jose; lovely
home; ualf cash. .- — . ¦
$1700— In Sonoma City: 3H acres; all level;
good house, barn. wlndmllL tankhouse; 13 pouK
try houses, and yards: some alfalfa; spring
wagon: 500 chickens; feedhouse.
£5500— 130 acres east of San Jose; 125 acres
In hay; good soil. •
Send ' tMU \^[ 1^ n & a B 1 ATLET.
20 Montgomery St.. Room 8.
Property Exchanges a Specialty.
ORCHARDS, garden truck and chicken ranches;
we make a specialty of handling real estate
situate, in Santa Cruz and Monterey coun-
ties. GAFFEY & MAHON. 505 California St.
FOR farms, timber, grazing and alfalfa lands,
orchards and vineyards and etock ranches,
call on or send for catalogue. ROTHERMEL
A CO.. D07 California st.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, . orchards,
vlneyirds; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643
Market st. .'¦¦..¦ . , -,
SOUTHERN Oregon . Irrigated lands, dairy
farms stock ranches, alfalfa land, timber
land, mines. S. C. TRAYNER, 604 Kearny.FROM SEATTLE.
The purser of the steamer Centen
nial, which arrived in port last night
from the north, notified police head
quarters that a young boy was on
board the vessel. The lad is sup
posed to be a stowaway from Seattle.
May Be a Stowaway.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States - Coast and , Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
st Fort I Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay.- Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. ¦
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25 1
Steamer. For. Sails.
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. June 20
AI-Ki Skagway & Way Ports. June 24
Oregon....... Nome & St. Michael.. June 25
Victoria...... Nome & Way Ports. .. JUne 23
Cottage City. . Skagiray & Way Ports. June 27
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. June 23
Farallon...... 8kagway & Way Ports. June 28
Santa Clara.. Valdez & Seward IJune £8
Sunday, June 19,
Stmr Maggie. Coming, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr F A Kllbiirn, Jahnsen, Port Rodgere.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Enterprise. Younggren, Hilo. . *
.Ktmr Scotia, Johnson, Dowtni Landing. .
Stmr Arcata. Nelson, Coos Bay.
.Stmr Jas S HIggins, lilsjgins, San Pedro. '
Ktmr Santa Barbara. Zaddart. Grays Harbor.
Br shin Falls of Halladale, Thomson, Free
mantle, Aus. ¦' -.. .
Schr Philippine, Fredericksen, Port Gamble.
SAILED.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, June 19.
Stmr National City, Hammer. 15 hours from
Cleone.
Stmr Brunswick, ! Ellefscn, 14 hours from
Fort Bragg.
SUpr Brooklyn, Johansen, 15 hours from
MenSoclno.
Etmr Pomona. Swanson, 17 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Jan S HIggins, Hlggins, 14»4 hourn
from Fort Bragg; bound south; put in to land
passengers.
stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, 40 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson, 23 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Asuncion. Bridgett. 75 hours from
Portland via Eureka 19 hours.
Stmr Arctic, Nelson, 23 hours from Kureka.
Stmr G C Lindauer, Allen, 68 hours from
Grays Harbor. '. , V
Stmr Sequoia, McClcments, 73 hours Trom
Willapa Harbor.
Stmr Ilwaco. Leffingwell, 3 hours from Half.
moon Bay.
Stmr Maggie. Corning. 3% hours from Half
moon "Bay. • •
Ship St David, Grant, 89 days frosn New
castle, NSW.
Ger- ship Seefahrer, Schumacher, 152 days
from Antwerp.
Br bark Woollahra, Halcrow, . 83 days from,
Newcastle, N S W.
Bark George Curtis, Calhoun, 27 days from
Honolulu. . *•,- ¦
Brig Galilee. Hayes, 40 days from Wash
ington Island.
Schr Helene, Christiansen, 19 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Ida A, Campbell, S hours from Point
Hehr C T Hill. Mellberg, 5 days from Tllla
tnook.
Tug Dauntless, Shea, 36 hours from Sluslaw
River. 'rj.^-:->
Shipping Intelligence.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Ean Pedro San Pedro ... . . J. |Junn "JO
Elizabeth Coquillc River June 20
Tellus Oyster Harbor June 20
Lakme San Pedro June 20
R. Dollar Redondo June 20
; Breakwater. . Coos Bay June 20
Eureka Humboldt June 20
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. June 20
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. June 20
Queen Puget Sound Ports June 20
Mpntara Seattle June 21
Del Norte Crescent City June. 21
¦. Alemeda Honolulu June 21
Porno Point Arena <fc Albion. June 21
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. June 21
Rainier Seattle & Belllngham. . June 21
Mackinaw 1 Tacoma '. June 22
j S. Monica... San Pedro June 22
Iaqua San Pedro June 22
Centralla.... Oray*s Harbor June 22
Corona Humboldt June 22
Aurelia Portland & Astoria (June 22
I Chlco Portland & Astoria June 23
: Newburs Grays Harbor June 23
I North Fork... Humboldt June 23
Point Arena.. Mendoclno &. Pt. Arena June 23
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. June 23
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahulul. . June 23
Columbia Portland & Astoria IJune 23
M.. Dollar. ... Kobe June 24
Argo Kel River Ports June 24
Arcata Coos Bay &. Pt. Orford. Jun« 24
City Panama. New York via Panama. June 2.1
: Coos Bay ¦ San Pedro & Way Pts. June 23
City Puebla.. I Pupet Pound Ports IJune 2.%
Corpnado Grays Harbor IJune 28
Maiiposa Tahiti June 26
Curacao Mexican Ports June 27
Sierra Sydney and Way Ports. June 27
St. Paul Nome and St. Michael. IJune 27
Costa Rica... Portland & Astoria IJune 23
Acapulco New York via Panama. IJune 29
leanle Seattle & Tacoma |June 29
TO BAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
•Tune 20. |
Umatllla Puuet Sound Ports. 11 am I Pier 9
San Pedro.. Humboldt 12 m|Pier 2
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 8 amJFler 11
Juno 31. I <¦ ¦
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Costa Rica.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
\ Jane 93. ¦
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 2
Elizabeth... Coqutlle River .... li pm Pier 20
Breakwater Coos Bay direct... 5 pm Pier 8
Iaqua Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Centralla... Los Angeles 10 am Pier 10
Alliance.... Kureka & Coos B. 5 pm Pier 10
Coptic China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
June 23.
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor Pier —
June 24.
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 0'
Bonita Newport & Way... 0 am Pier 11
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am|Pier >
Centennial. . Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm|Pier 20
June 25. - I
Pt. Arena. .. Point Arena 4 pm I Pier 2
Alameda Honolulu.. 11 am Pier 7 !
Ean Jose.... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Rainier Seattle «fc Bllngham 4 pm Pier 10
Ncwburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Aurelia Astoria & Portland 4 pm Pier 2
June 26. I
North Fork. Humboldt'. 5 pm Pier 20
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24 !
June 29. I
Nevadan.... Honolulu*; Kahulul 3 pmlPier 25
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 amlPier 9 j
Locnn Will Go North.
The transport Logan will sail July 1 to
Alaska with the Third Infantry regiment.
The German ship Beefahrer. Captain Schu
macher, arrived In port yesterday. 152 days
from Antwerp. She brings a full cargo of
merchandise, consigned to George W. McNear.
Seefahrer Arrives.
The Spreckels tug Relief took a party of
twenty out to the Farallon Islands yesterday
on a fishing excursion. Fish were plenty and
the weather being fine the trip was a big suc
cess. ¦ .-.,
Good Snort aV Farallones.
The Fchooner Albion, Captain Olsen, took fire
yesterday morning, but the blaze was extin
guished before much damage was done. She
was lying at the foot of 8econd street, having
brouRht a load of lumber from the Sluslaw
River, consigned to the Wlnallng Lumber
Company. The amount of loss was small.
Alfiion on Fire.
Galilee Arrives.
The brig Galilee. Captain Hayes, arrived
yesterday, 40 daye from Washington Island.
She brlr.gs 2-"!S tons of copra and 770 pounds
of shark tins. vTiryse tins are fcr Chinese
firm* here and are Sestlned to be served at
fr-asts given by Celestial epicureans of the
highest class. The Galilee Is consigned to J.
W oollahra brought 14.~>0 tons of coal.
Th*; following vessels are quoted in the re
insurance list as under: Juteopolls, 56 days
from New York to IVnang. 7 per cent. Larga
lyaw. 56 days from Philadelphia to Fremantle.
7 per cent. Willy Rirkniern. 51 days from
Philadelphia to Nagasaki. 7 per cent. Laura,
141 days from Newcastle. Australia, to Toco
pllla. W0 per cent. Wynford, 51 days from
New York to Shanghai. 15 per cent. Queen
Kllzabrth. 62 days from New York to Hong
kong, 7 per cent. La Rochefoucalde, f>9 days
from New York to Shanghai. 7 per cent.
Overdue*.
Movements of Steamers.
Th»re was no news of the Holliswood yes
terday. The distressed vessel, so far as any
one here knows, is still drifting at th« mercy
of the elements. Leaking, with her sails gone,
with only a meager supply of provisions, she
in indeed Is a sorry plight. Hind. Rolph &. Co.
have ordered thp tug Sea Rover to scour the
waters in the locality In which the transport
rejwrted her to t«e. As soon aa the tug dis
covert* her bhc will take her In tow and bring
her into port. The' Holliswood has been out
114 days. The average trip runs from sixty
to 100 days. Why Captain Knight should
bave run short of provisions seems to be a
)ur?tion that no one on the water front can
answer.
No News of Holliswood.
The British bark Woollahra arrived in yes
terday, eighty-three days from Newcastle,
Australia, Captain E. Halcrow reports that
immediately after leaving Newcastle he en
countered heavy gales and winds for three
days. In latitude 37 degrees north, longitude
135 wes,t. he ran into a succession of light airs
and calms, which lasted for ten days. During
this time the vessel averaged only nine miles
a day. On June 15 in latitude 38 degrees 43
minutes north and longitude 132 degrees 7
minutes west th^y passed a lead-colored four
masted ship with main and fore skynails. It
was supposed to have been the i*eefahrer,
which arrived in late yesterday afternoon. The
Woolahra brought 1450 tons of coal.
Encounters Gnles and Calms.
Newman Tries Suicide.
Joseph Newman, crazed with liquor,
tried to swallow carbolic acid at the
Emergency Hospital yesterday. Stew
ard O'Dea prevented the suicide. New
man walked into the operating room,
and. taking a seat, said. "Well. I may
as well do it here as anywhere else."
At the same time he took from his
pockety a bottle filled with carbolic
acid. O'Dea sprang forward and seized
the bottle, not, however, without quite
a struggle.
City and County of San Francisco to Annie
Tlllman. lot on E line of Van Ness avenue,
122:6 N of Lombard street. N 50 by B 109;
Same to Gustavo H.; Charles W. and Ernest
H. Schilling, lot on S line of Clay street. 143:9
E of Flllmore. E 25 by S 127 :4&; $ .
Emma Breeden and Leila Hedges to Emma
G. /'Butler, lots in Western Addition, blocks
356. S57 and 3S6; also lot on SE corner of
Geary and Flllmore streets, E 1R5 by 8 137:6;
also lot on SE corner of Geary and Steiner
streets, E 412:6. S 137:6. W 275, N 34:3; NW
75. N 75; also lot on N line of Merchant street,
ISO E of Montgomery, E 25 by N 57, quit
claim deed; $10.
Owen M. Brennan to Arthur II. Denny, lot
on N line of Washington street, 143:3% E of
Central avenue, E 27:4Vj by N 127:814; ?lf>-
Arthur II. and Emily E. Denny to Eugene
Korn. name; $10.
Daniel J. and Mary O'Lear.y to Thomas and
Mary K. Vodden. lot on W line of Clayton
street. 185 N of, Frederick. N 25 by W 125; $10.
Edward T. and Rosalie L. Morris tr> Otto W.
Carlsoa, lot on NE corner of Frederick and
Wlllard streets. K 2S, N 91, W 2S S 98:6H."
$10. *
City and County of San Francisco to Delie,
E. Keeks, lot on \V line of Clayton street. 50
S of Carl. S 25 by W 1K>; $ .
Richard C. and Frank A. Jones to Richard
C. Jones & Co., lot on E line of Shrader street,
100 S of Carl. S 25, E 125, N 12:6, W 25, N
12:6. W 100; $10.
Richard C. Jones 4 Co., corporation, to Will
lam H. Crocker, lot on E line of Shrader
street. 100 S of Carl. S 25, E 125, N 12 :« W
25. N 12:6. W 100: $10; (
Victor A. and Mary L. Hancock to James
Welsh, lot on B line of Hardy street, 100 S of
Sixteenth, S 28 by E 75: $10.
Thomas -and Rose C. Thompson to Bessie E.
Sanborn. lot on N line of Twenty-fifth street,
10O E of Dolores, E 25 by N 110; J10.
R. C. Surbrldgre to Robert L. Johnston. lot
on N line of Alvarado street, 105 W of Castro
W 75 by N 114: $3000.
Alfred and Gerda T. Anderson to Rose Kane
lot on S line of Twenty- fourth street, 125 W
of Douglass. W 25 by S 85; 510.
Antonio Brijcnoli to Louisa Brignoli, uodi
vlded H of lot on N Hn« of Union street. 46
K of Dupont. N CS:1) by K 23; gift.
Halvlno and Mary B. Cipelli to Constantino
Flsi'ne and Lulgt Ferrari, lot on E line of
Stockton street, SO N of Chestnut, N 42:6 by E
137 :ti; $10.-
Lorenzo and Lulxfa Bacigalupl to Giuseppe
Rpc'jh. lot on N lin<> of Union street, 137 W
of Dupont. W 6 Inches by N 45; $tO.
Giuseppe Rocca to Giovanni and Carmellna
Demartlni. lot on N line of Union street. 137
W of Dupont W 40;6, NT 53:6. E 40 S 146
E 0:fi S 45; $10
Isabella W. Tlndal to Clifford T. Panford,
lot on N line of Jackson street, 137:6 E of
Jones, E 25 by N 137:6: $10.
Kstate of Ludwlg Altsehul by Richard Alt
schul. executor, to Kdward J. Hooper, lot on
NW line of Townsend street 80 NE of Third,
NE 80 by NW 125; $16,000. '
Edward J. and Kate Hooper to Holmes In,
vertment Company, same; $10.
Michael Murray to Maggie Murray, lot on
NR line of Rausch street, 100 NW of Folsom,
NW 25 by NE 56; sift.
A. or Atti'lo and Mercedfts Moretti to John
Mullan lot on S line of Mariposa atreet, 55:4
W of Bryant. W ."{4:8 by S 75; $10.
Gullan P., Elvira and Emmet Rixford to
San Francisco and Fresno Land Company, lot
en E line of Sixth avenue, 341 N of Lake
street. N 237.22, E 145:3^, S 15 minutes. E
236. W 132:10%. quit claim deed; $10.
San Francisco and Fresno Land Company
(corporation) to William A. Lange, lot on K
line of Sixth avenue. 325 N of Lake street. N
359:314: NE 122:7 l j. S to point opposite begin
ning. W 120; lot on E line of Sixth avenue. 341
N of Lake street. N 225 K 120. N "54.01. B 120,
S 205.08, W 107:9%. NW 8:5*4, W 132:10»4;
$10.
Alice Brown to same, lot on W line of Fifth
avenue, 020.CS N .of Lake street, W 120, X
24:5^. E 122:694. S 40:5*,; $10.
J. W. Wright and Sons Investment Company
to Edwin W. Manter. lot on SE corner Fortieth
and Point I.-.h.x avenues. S 100 by K 20; $10.
Martin and Margaret O'Donnfll to . Louis
Ganzert. lot on E line of Twenty-second avenue
225 S of Point Lobos avenue, S 25 by E 120;
?10.
William Mackay to Richard J. Curtln, lot on
E line of Eleventh avenue, 100 N or A street,
N 25 by E-120: $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Mary E. Metzger.
lot oiv K line of Forty-sixth avenue, 125 S of
H street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
William S. and Cara L. Hlglnboth,am to
Albert and Mary E. Phlnney, lot on E line
of Eighth avenue, 100 N of K street, N 50 by
K 120; ?10.
John B- and John B. Lewis Jr. to E. M.
Galvln. lot on NW line of Carr street. 75 NE
of Salinas avenue. NE 50 by NW 100. lots 4
and- 5. block 2, Garden Tract Homestead: $10.
eatterlna Chambelle or O. A. Chambllle to
J. H. Kruse. lot on NW line of Madrid street,
100 NE of Persia avenue, NE 25 by NW 125.
block 28, Excelsior Homestead; $10.
San Francisco Savings Union to Mary .1.
Quintan, lot on W line .of Anderson street, 35O
S of Eugenia, S 1 by W 70. lot 275, gift map
1: ?10.
Builders* Contracts.
Rosalie Stich lowner) with Andrew Olson
(contractor) superintendent Victor Williams —
All work for a two-story frame building and
moving to rear of lot of a frame cottage and
alterations and additions to same on lot on S
line of Turk street. 106:3 W of Stelner. W 30
by S 137:6, Western Addition 382; $5950. .
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places. \
MONDAY. JUNE 20.
Sun rises ••/ 4:47
Suns seta- ........7:S5 p. m.
Moon sets ¦ 0:00 a. m.
D jTlmel ITlme jTime ITime
? f { Ft. I 1 Ft. Ft. I Ft.
e Ih W| IL W |H W |L W
20 I 4:37 4.1 10:40 1.01 5:35 5.5 11:54 1.8
21 5:57 4.011:40 l.C 6:25 5.6.
L W H W L W II W
22 0:58 1.3 7:20 4.0 12:36 2.0 7:14 j 5.6
23 1:58 0.6 8:35 4.0 1:32 2.3 8:03 . 6.0
24 2:54 0.0 9:40 4.2 2:21* 2.6 8:49 6.0
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights riven are la
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given - is subtracted from the depth given by
the chart*. The plane of reference U the mean
of tht lower low waters.
SATURDAY, JUNE IS
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
FRANCISCO, June 19— fi p. m.
- THB COAST RKCORD.
o - K S ' o S • 5
'§ SS33 A K t
STATION* Z Sgljg 5=3 f~ S
!* - £ Ji 9" ? 5
Baker 30.10 68 42 N »Clear .00
Carson .29.78 80 48 N Cloudy .00
Eureka 80.04 56 48 NTV Clear .00
Fresno 29.72 94 86 NW Clear .00
8.E. Far«Jlon.29.88 R3 51 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.82 82-46 SW Clear .00
Pocatello 29.90 76 54 S"VV Pt.Cldy .00
Independence .29.64 90 68 S Clear .00
Los Angeles. ..29.82 78 58 W Clear .00'
Mt Tamalpals.29.87 77 61 W Clear .00
North Head... 30.30 64 60 NW Clear .00
Phoenix 29.50 108 74 NW Clear .00
Poln* Reyes... 29. 80 55 48 NW Clear .CO
Portland 30.20 68 48 NW Clear .00
Red Bluff 29.74 94 72 N Clear .00
Roseburg ....30.14 72 48 N Clear .00
Sacramento... 29. 74 88 56 S Clear .00
Salt Lake 20.82 80 60 NTT Pt.Cldy .00
San Franclsco.29.S8 ' 60 60 W Clear .00
San L. Obispo.29.8S 64 50 W Clear .00
San Diego 2tf.S4 66 .62 6W Cloudy .00
Seattle 30.30 62 46 W Cloudy .00
Spokane 30.14 74 50 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Tatoosh 30.32 M 48 W Clear .00
Walla .Walla 48 00
Winnemucca .29.88 80 50 NE Cloudy .00
Yuma 29.56 106 72 W Clear .00
WKATH13R CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Fair weather prevails over the Pacific
Elope and plateau region. The pressure has
fallen rapidly west of the Rocky Mountains.
An area of high pressure overlies the North
Pacific and an area of low over Southern Cali
fornia and Arizona. -
The temperature changes have been slight
in «U districts. In California it is slightly
belaw the normal along the coast and above in
the interior. . . '
Forecnst made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending, midnight, June 20:
Northern California — Fair Monday; fresh
west wind.
Southern California — Fair Monday; light
west wind.
Nevada — Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
fresh west wind.
O. H. WILLSON, Local ForeeMter.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT I.OBOS. June 10. 10 p in— "Weather
hazy; wind west; velocity 12 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
Per Br bark TVooIlahra, June 15— Lat 88 48
N. long 132 07 W, passed a four-masted ahlp
•with with fore and main akysall and painted
lead color.
Per ship St David, from Newcastle. N 8 W,
May 5— Lat 4 10 8, long 134 W, ship Astral,
from Honolulu, for New York. .
DOMESTIC- PORTS.
SIUSLAW RIVER— Arrived June 17— Schr
C A Klose, hence Juna 14: schr Wine and
Win p. hence- June 14'.
ASTORJA— Sailed June 19— Stmr Aurelia,
for San Francisco; bktn Northwest, for San
Pedro.
Arrived June 19 — Schr Andy Mahoney, from
San Pedro.
, SOUTH BEND— Sail«d June 18— Bktn Che
halls, for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed out Jun» 19— Stmr
Rainier, from Seattle, for Pan Francisco; Nor
etmr Tellus, from Ladysmlth. for San Fran
cisco: >=chr E K Wood, from Belllnrham, for
San Pedro.
I'arasd in June 19— Schr Sttmson. from Tte
dondo, for Ballard.
Passed out June 19— Schr Camano. from Port
Oamble, for San Francisco: bktn John C
Meyer, from Everett, for Nome; Nor stmr
Titania, from Nanaimo. for Pan Francisco;
stmr Arrow, from Seattle, for Ban Francisco;
U 3 stmr Bumsid*. from Tacoma, for Ritka.
PORT LUDLOW- Sailed June 19— Br bark
Ivanhoe, for nitrate nortn.
PORT HLAKELEY— Arrived June 19— Fr
ship Helen* Blume. from Port Towneend; Ger
ship Henriette, from Port Townsend.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Sailed June 19— Stmr Hanalei,
for San Francisco.
Arrived June 19— Sch Irene, from Portland;
Ger ship Marie Hackfield, from Bremen.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK— Arrived June 19— Stmr Ara
bic, from Liverpool and Queenstown; stmr
Blucher. from Hamburg. Southampton and
Cherbourg; stmr Columbia, from Glasgow and
Movtlle; stmr Etruria, from Liverpool and
Queenstown; stmr Qallla, from Marseilles and
Naples.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived June 19— Stmr St
Paul, from New York, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 19— Stmr Celtic,
from New York, via Queen»town; stmr Ionia,
from Montreal, via Movilie; stmr Lake Cham
plain, from Montreal: stmr Umbrla, from
New York, via Queenstown.
LONDON— Sailed June 19— Stmr Minne
tonka, for New York.
GLASGOW— Sailed June 19 — Stmr Lumtdian,
for New York.
CHERBOURG— Sailed June 19— Stmr Gros
ser Kurfuerst. from Bremen, for New York.
QUEKNSTOWN— Sailed Jun« 19— Stmr Lu
canla. from Liverpool, for New York.
SUEZ — Arrived June 19 — Stmr Ping Sttey,
from Vancouver and Tacoma. via Yokohama,
Hiogo. Hongkong, etc, for Liverpool.
.The graves of the early fathers were
not opened to-day as intended owing to
the length of the service and the
amount of labor involved, but permis
sion had been granted by the bishop
and the work of examining the tombs
will proceed at an early date.
The service over the annual baptism
of the native children took place amid
the usual vocal accompaniment.
The visitors and devotees repaired to
the river bed above the mission, where
a feast was held, for this festival gath
ers together annually the last remnants
of the Indian families who live about in
the mountains.
KING CITY, June 19.— With opales
cent splendor x the Sabbath broke over
the ruins of San Antonio Mission. It
was San Antonio's day, and over 200
people had come from far and near to
assist at the service, large parties going
from San Francisco, San Jose and Hol
lister. Father Zephryn Englehardt
chanted the mass in the vestibule of the
old sanctuary.
Father Englehardt was assisted by
Father Garriga, the pastor of King
City. In all the country no more ap
pealing sermon on this lovely Sabbath
day was heard than that of the Fran
ciscan, who standing within sight of
the graves of the padres told In stir
ring words of the work of £hose sainted
men for the cause of civilization, and
for their God.
BY LAURA BRIDE POWERS.
The Helene had Just arrived from Honolulu
and was anchored off Melggs wharf.
went out to meet her on one of Crowiey's
launches and, jumping from the launch, he
¦was in th» art of climbing nimbly up the side
of the schooner when ehe took a lurch and
Fowler was pitched headforemost Into the hay.
¦There was a stiff breeze blowing and a choppy
sea running. James Sennett. known along- the
water front as "Deep Sea Jimmy." happened
to lie on the launch at the time and jumped
over the side of the boat and as Fowler came
to the surface Jimmy grabbed him by the
liair and pulled Kim on deck. This i» not
the first time that "Jimmy"' has b*en a life
saver. .
"vVestley Fowler of the Marina Transfer Com
pany fell overboard into the bay yesterday
afternoon as he was trying to board the
eehooner Helene. Ho Buffered nothing: more
than a cold sea bath.
Fell Into the Bay.
On May 6 he spoke the American
ship Astral in latitude 4 degrees 10
minutes south, longitude 154 degrees
west, bound from Honolulu to New
York. The St. David made the trip In
eighty-nine days. She brings 2180 tons
of coal.
Captain Grant reports that on March
22 he encountered strong northeast
gales for thirty-six hours off Lord
Howe Island. He saw nothing of the
Holliswood, which left Newcastle three
weeks before he did.
The American 6hip St. David came
within an ace of going ashore on Mile
Rock on Saturday night. The vessel
was bound in from Newcastle, Aus
tralia. She arrived off the bar about
11:30 p. m. and was suddenly struck by
a strong current which was rapidly
bearing her down on Mile Rock. Cap
tain Grant let go his anchors, which,
fortunately for all concerned, held fast.
As morning broke the captain saw that
they were only about 500 feet away
from the rook and that his position
was perilous. If the weather had been
rough impending destruction would
have stared him in the face. About 4
o'clock yesterday morning a favoring
gale came his way and. weighing an
chor, he sailed into port.
The resolution adopted asks that "a
full, complete and impartial investiga
tion be made into the causes that have
provoked crime and that all guilty of
crime, no matter who or what they be,
be punished in accordance with their
guilt."
CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo.. Juna 19.—
Charles H. president of the
Western Federation of Miners, arrived
in the district to-day, a prisoner, In
charge of two deputies. Moyer was
brought from Telluride on a warrant
charging: him with being implicated in
the explosion in the Vindicator mine
last November, which caused the death
of two men. There were no demon
strations here or along the route from
Telluride. Moyer was taken to the
County Jail and placed in a cell.
The Citizens' Board of Ijiquiry is still
in session and it is understood that
there will be another deportation about
Tuesday or Wednesday.
BUTTE. Mont., June 13.— A monster
mass meeting was held to-night from
the steps of the county courthouse, to
take some action tending to relieve the
existing deplorable conditions in Col
orado as a result of the strike of the
miners there. To-night's meeting was
called by the Butte Miners' Union and
was attended by 10,000 persons. Gov
ernor Peabody was arraigned In bitter
terms and President Roosevelt was
appealed to in behalf of the striking
miners.
Dismantled Vessel and Hun
gry Crew Still Helplessly
Adrift at Mercy of Sea
Rests Under Charge of Being
Implicated in Fatal Af
fair at Vindicator Mine
Holy Words Appeal to the
Throng Assembled From
Afar in the Old Ruins
H0LLISW00D STILL OUT
ARRIVAL IS UNNOTICED
STOEY OF PADRES TOLD
Impressive Ceremonies Are
Again Held in the Old
Mission Near King City
Transfer of iabor Leader
From Telluride Jail to
New. Prison Quietly Made
Ship St. David Narrowly Es
capes Being Wrecked as
She Approaches Harbor
NEARLY RUNS
ON MILE ROCK
MOYER REACHES
CRIPPLE CREEK
KNEES BOWED
IN SAN ANTONIO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', MONDAY, JUNE 20. 1904.
WEATHER -"REPORT-
10
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE!
5^y fe
120 Horses for Sale!
By order of W. H. Smith, of Reno,
Nev.. I will sell at auction 120 horses,
1 broken and unbroken, weighing from
1000 to 1400 pounds; also several choice
saddle horses.
This lot consists of mostly all choic»
young geldings, and positively must ba
sold. Sale takes place at J. B. lloran*
salesyard. corner Tenth and Bryant
streets, at 11 o'clock a. ra.. Monday.
June 20. 1904.
S. WATKHfS, Auctioneer.
jrv_^ Don't forget the b!c sale of * Iot °'
A-*^ »ood horses and mares, corner t^rocery
and peddlind wagons, surreys, S-»eater3, bu>e-
Kies and carts, 15 seta of single and doubl*
harness at 11 a. m.. 114O FOLSOM ST.. Tue<»-
day. June 21. WILLIAM CLOL'GH. Auction-
eer.
£* £a% £?>
AITCTION sale at ARCADE HORSE MAR-
KET 327 SIXTH ST.. WEDXE3DAT, June
22. at 11 a. m. I will sell a lot of good
horses and harness. JCIIN J. DOYLE, Auc-
tioneer^ ¦"•-..-—
RAJXVTAY_ TRAVEL.
/%3^<Trr>^^V to arri-v* mt
(°\ r'^T^-yT^ SAN FRANCISCO.
V«oV"^^5~/t// **o* Jv»* 1». l»i.
\>^^S/ F«»bt Dim
(Toot of Market 8treet.)
«-'* T » - MAIN LIN El -*a«rr»
7-BOa Vaearlile. Wlnt«r«. Bmiwej 7 Mi
7.00a Biiaiela. Blmlraaad Aacramanco.. 7 20p
730a Vallejo. N'apa. C«l!a(o<ra. Baata
Iloaa. Martiaes. Saa Rnmoa 62t>P>
750a Mlea.Tracjr. L»thro». 3eoc»:»o.... 7.26^
84WA Sbaaca Exproaa— (VU D» r'.t).
William* (for Bartlett Sprtostk.
Wlllowa, tKruto. Ked Rlatt.
PorU»a<1. Taeoma. Seattle 750»
8.00a DaTlt.Wa*<i7aad. Koiffht* Laadlng.
MarysTtlle. Calco. UrorCle 7.Mp
8-30A Fort Coata. Mwttaez. Antloeb.
Byroa, Trier. Stockton. New-
nan. Los Baaoa, Msndota.
Annona. Haaf»rd. Vlialla.
PerterrlUa 4M»,
B^OAFort Casts. Modeato. Merced.
Freaoo. Goaaea Junction. Has-
ford, VitalK BaceraUeld 4 S3»
CSOa Mtlea, 8aa Jot-. Lfremiore. Stock-
to>,(Oint»i). loaf. SAsramento,
MarriTllIe. CUIco. Ko* BlvS .... 4.20*
8.30a OskdaJe. Chinese. Jamestown. 80
___ norv Tnolamae aad Ansel* 4 23>»
• 00a Atlantic E^iprea*— Ogdea *ad Baai. 5 23»
S-50A Rlebmond, Martinez and Way
Station* 8 S0*>
1303a Tb« O-rerland Limited — uglen.
.-, _- IMaTer. Omaha, Cnlea^o. • 20»>
18C0a Va!lej»_ 12.201*
10.00a Le* Ancalea Paaaenrer — Port
Coata. Marttaez. Byroa. Tracy,
Lit&rop. Stockton. Uftrced,
Raymond. Preaao. G«a!icD Jano-
Hon. Hanford. Lemoore, Vlnalla.
«_'«_• Baker»tle!d. I»» Ancetea 7.?C"
\2uO» Harward. Nile* *a 1 Way SUUon*. 3 20»
n^C<»8a«raBieutoKlTer8tea«erm. tit.BOo
SJOPBeaicia, Wiatar*. Sacramento.
Woodland, Willow*. Knight*
Landing, MarysrUle. Orovllle
and way ttatlsa* 10 M*
|-52? Hayward. Nile* and Way Stations.. 750l>
3-3JP port Co»i». UarUaez. Byroa.
Traey, Lathrap. UmJeito,
Merced. Berenda, fr'>w and
Wsy Stations beyond Port Coata 12 2tJ»»
3-50^ Tosemit* Valley, Tls, Berenda and
Wawona 8.50a
3-5«p Martinez. Traey. Stockton. Lodl... 10.20a
V 4.S0PMarltae2.8»nKnmon.Vai]ejo,:;spa,
. .- C»ll»:oc». S»ot»Uo»a 9 20*
• 22" Nliea. TracT. Stoektun. Lodl 420»»
AMP n»jw»r<1. Kllea. lr*la<ru>a. Saat •3.50*
' Jo*e. LITennore ) t1 1.60a
oCOPTbs Owl Llmlisd— Newm»n. Lo*
RaDo», Mcndot.v Fre*ao. Tulare.
BakeriSeld. I^aAngele* 850*
o.OOp PortCoat*. Tracy, Stocietoa 12-20v»
*f J>0* Hayward. NIIm ami San J»«9 720a
6.00p Hayward. Ktleaaod Snn Joia 9.50a
•JWPEattera Eipreaa — Ogilnn. Denver.
Umaaa. &i. Leal*. Cblraito itnd
Eaiit. Tia Mar'lncx. Stockton.
Sacram«at<», Colfax. Reno 12.60»
'5S; TaUeJo. .lally. eicep* dsnday... . » 7 --
-• 7J0CPlUcttmr>ad. Saa Pablo. Port Coata,
Marttsei and Way Station* 11.20a
7-CC*> Reno Paisenzer— Port ff>»«». Snt-
sun( Klmlra. Pavl*.
Tmckee. Lake Tahoe. Reao,
_„ To»op«h. Spark* 710*
806a> OTegon A California Ezprnf*— 8ac-
riMQeato, MaryiTille. Redding.
Portland. Pogat So^nd »n«i K»*t. 8.50a
B.IOp Ilayward, Nile* and Saa Jo«s(snn-
, dayonly) 11.50a
- COAST LINE (tarrat* <iaas«).
(root of M wirt: Street)
7.45a Stott Cmx Excnrs!np.(Snnday only) sTTOp
• 15a Kewtrk. OenterrUlr. San .)<¦.««,
Pelton.Bonlderrree*. BicB^in.
Snntii Crux and Way Station*... 5 55i»
13-16A Alrarado, Vewark. San Jo«*. Lo*
eatos.OIeowood. Felton. Boalder
Creek. Big Bwin. Santa Crux.... l.10*>
12.1 5p Kewark. t>ntn-rvi:>. fun Jot*.
New Aim»deu. L' ¦¦* OatcxFelton,
Uoiiiacr Crr«lt. 6<<mta Crax and
Prlnoipal Way Station* 10-S9a
4.1Ep Newark. Pan jMe, L»» Gatos t8~65A
4-15P Wrehu BouMer Crerl; aid Sants,
Crux. Saturday sod Suodar onlT. »8 55a
COAST LINE (Ur«a-J (.aag*).
|y (Third »a<; TnvnccnJ 8treeta.)
8. 10a 6aa Jo«e amTWay Stations 6 31 •
•7 00a San J«»e and W«y SbUion* 5.4Q0
7.15a Monterey and Santa Crux Ezeur-
•Ion (Soad*y only) 10 30*
BXiOa Vew Almadea (Tsey.. Frtd.. only), 4-1C»
I.COAThe Coaater— Saa Jo«e. Salinaa.
Saa Ardo, Paao i:o!»ie«. Sant*
M<r?*rttA. Saa Lui* Obl*ao.9aat»
Barbara. Saa Baenarentara.
MontMTO. Oxnard. Bvrbank, Lot
Angele* 134S»
8.00a Gln-oy. Il«l!!«ter. Ca*trorrie. Del
Montr, Pacific Grore, Sarf, Lam-
poe 1845*
9.00A San Joae. Tres Ptnos, Capitals,
SanuCraz.PaciflcOroTe.SalinM,
Fas Lni* Obtapo and Priaclaal
War 8tat!«aa : 410»
1840a fan Jo*e snd Way SUUons 1 20p>
II^OAftanu Clara. Saa Jote, L«s Gatos
aad Way Station* 7.30o>
1-2CpSaa Jaseaad Way Station* 8-36VA
tS4)6s>D»l Monte Rxprea*— Santa Clara.
San Jo«e. Del Moaie. Monterey.
PaciacOrove 12.15*
3-30*>Bar!lnga!ae. Saa Jose, Otlrey, Hoi-
Hster, Tres Ptooa. Pujsro. Capi-
tols. Saau Crur, CastroYlue,
Salinas. Paviflc Grove 10 45a
449*> 3 «a Jom and Way Stations t8.00 A
16 OOP Santa Clara, dart Jo*«, Lea Qatoa.
¦WrUUt » o< i prtaelpal Way st*-
:~JL Oona (exc«T>t Sunday) r9C0*
lp-3lp SaaJoacandPrlnelpalWayStatlona (9.40a
& 4&p ftmsiet Exprea*.— Kedwood. S»a
Jose, 6 llroy.3altaaa.Paan Koblea,
San Lul* Oblipo. daata Barbara.
I.oi Angele*. l>ea:!ac. Kl Paao,
New Or:enn*. New Tork 7 10*
6.45P Pajaro, Capltola, Kaata Cn». Caa-
iroTlIle. Del Moale.Pacifle Gro»e. 10.45*
tfi-lSP c«kMateo,BeT«*ford.Belinont.SaB
Carle*. Redwood. Fair Oaiu.
__- MealoParic. PaW»AJto «.48a
830f> San Jote aad Way Stotloaa. 8-38*
8 COp P»H> Alto and Way Sutlens 10.1iA
U JOp South SanVr7nci»eo.M!lll>rae.B«r-
Uogame. San Mateo, Betmont,
Sau Carlo*. Kedwood. Fair Oaks.
Memo Park, aad P*lo Atto 9.45i*
H13CP Mayneld. MoaMaln View. Sanny-
vale. Lawranee. Banta Claxa aad
San Jo»o tSV45p'
AforMorainic. P for afteraooo!
lounday exccploi ; Snaday unlr
f Saturday only. 6 Moaday only.
iStoMat ail »tatioa» oa Bnnd.j.
jW^^J§P TOSANRAFAEL
IPt^^PP R0SS VALLEY '
i«<!<i*;iii4s55ii^.V%?| Via Santalito Terry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD GACG&
Depart from San Francisco, week days, al
S:SO. 7:10. 7:43. 8:S0 1):15 10:0O. II: to a. m,
(11:4U a. in. SausaUlu unly>. IZiSBk \:V>, 3:1.".,
4:00. 4:35. 5:15. 5:50. ti:J5. 7:15. 9:«T. 10:2ft
11:35 p. m. Sundays and legal holidays, dep.cn
at 7:10. 7:45, 8:^0 »:15. 10:0O ll:0O. ll:l«
a. hi.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 3:15, 4:00. 4:3.'«.
0:15. B:i0. 6:25. 7:15. 8:13. »:00. 10:20. UXi
P. ni.
Arrive" at San Francisco ww>k days, 6:17.
7:00. 7:35 8:13. 8:43. 0:35. 10:20. 11:06 a. tn.,
12:03, 1:23. 2:50. 3:33. 4:20. 5:03. 6:40. «:li
«»:55. 7:53. 10:05. 11:23 p. m. On Sundays an«
legal holidays extra trains arrive a,t 12:a%
2:u6. H:li> p. tn.
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:4S a. m-
3:15 P m.. 5:15 p. m. (ex. Sat.). On Sundayi
and legal holiday* at 7:45. 8:30. 0.13. ''10:00
11:00. 11:40 a, m.. 12:20. 1:CO. 1:43. 2:30. 7:U
and 8:13 p. m.
THROUOH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. daily — Casadero and way station*
9:13 a. m.. aundaya only — Kur *\Unt Keye*
etc
a: 13 p. m. dttlly except Sunday— for Caza-
daro. etc
5:13 P. to., daily except Saturday and Sun-
day—For Point Key**, etc.
7:13 p. m., Sundays only — For Point Reyes
•tc. • ¦
S:1R p. n>.. Sunday* only — Kor Cazadero eta
TICKET omCB-OI Market at.
FEBBT— I'nlmi txnH>t. foot of Market *t.
WeBHyCall $1.00 perleai
RAJJAVAYJTRAyia^
SfllMITED TO CHICACC I
|| LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS r|
<H at U :.*;<> a. m., tnroug-a tn 3 days, H
B with fllsar and all trap-pin r». M
Other Santa re Trains (
7:30 a. m.l fcr Stockton. Fresno, Bakersfield.
8:00 p.' m'.} Merced. Hanford and Visalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
S<00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET O'PICIS — 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot, S. T. Also 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. 27 South rim St.,
San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN KY. CO.
SAN FB/WCISCU AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Titmron Ferry, root of Market Street.
SAN PEAKCISCO TO SAN KAPAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, S:00, 9:00, ll:0O a, m. ;
12:35, 2:30, 3:40. 5:10, 5:50, 6:30 and 11:30
P. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00 »:S0. ll:C0 a. m.: 1:30.
2:TO. 3:40 5:10. fi:30, 11:30 p. m.
SAN BAFAZA TO 3AN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «i:G5. 6:50. 7:35. 7:50. »:2O
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. t2:00. 3:40. 5:00, 5:2o|
6:25 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45
p. in.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.- 1:45
3:40. 4:50. 5:00. 5:20. 6:25. 7:50 p. m. tEx-
cept Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect I Arri\e
San Fran. | May 1. 1904. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destina- I Pun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. [days. | Days.
„ ,„ 7:^ Oa 7~:45a| 7:45 a
7:30 a 8:00a 8:4'Ja| 8-4*>a
8:0i>a 9:30 a Umacio. 10:20 i*il0:20a
2:30p 2:30p 6:0Op 6:2»p
5:10 p 5:10 p «:2Op| 7:25 p
7:25 pi
8:45 pi
7:30 a 7:30 a 7:45 al 7:45 a
8:00a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20a 10:20 a
2:30 p tt:30a retaiuma, 6:2Op|«:2rtp
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:23 pi 7:23 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa, f 8:45 p|
7:30-a 7::tOa ' - 10:20 a 10:20a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6 20 o
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:45 p 7:25 p
4 Windsor, I
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburgr. 10:20 allO'20 a
Lytton, I
2:30 p 2:30 p Gcyserville, ' 7:25p|7-25n
|__ : Cloverdale. | I -
7:30a| 7:30 al Hopland^ 110:20 a|102O a
2:30p[ 2:30 p) and.Uklah. | 7:2S.p( 7:25p
I I WilUts, j j
_7:30a[>j2S0a( Sherwood. ) 7:25 p] 7:25 p
8:00 al 8:00 a[ Guerneville and JI0T20 aTfo : 2O"a
2:30 p| 2:30 p Camp Vacation. [ 8:45 p| 6:2l>p
8:00 a 8:00 a " ~8:4O all**: 40 a
5:10 p »:.TOa Sonoma. 6:0Opl 6-'*t>D
5:10 p Glen Ellen. | 8:45 p[
J:30 al 7:30 al , 110:20 al 10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Scbastopol. I 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for Whit*
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Burke'9 Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Kkascss
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers Boone-
ville and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs,. Highland Springs Kel.«eyviIIe Cans-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at- L'kiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakea. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley
John Day's Riverside, Lierley*s, BuckneirV
Sanhedrln Heights. Hull vine. Orr'a Hoc
Springs. Halfway House, Comptche Camo
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendoclno "City, Fort Crairtr
Westport. Usal: at Wlllits for Fort Brali'
Westport. Sherwood, Cahto, Covelo Layton
vllle, Cumnflns. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsens.
Dyer, Garberville, Pepperwood, Scotia and Eu-
reka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
ducad rates. v.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all nointa
"beyond San Rafael at .half rates. t~««»
. Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER, R. X. RYAN
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Art.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Eearei . Yi» feiialiu Ptrrj Arrire
8an Francisco Ki»t af Mtrttt St. Baa Francisco
Week Sun- .ffujf. buu- Week
Dayt. days. /£*i$13K*V darn. Days.
830a (g&Wpffl 727457^^^5*
10:00a \»Qi£e£i3i 20Kr*<1:0S A
10:00 a 11:00 a «jebW&S' 3:35 r 3:35 r
1:45r12;20r 5:40 r 6:15 1
6:18 r 1:45 r y t&&Jr 6:15 r 10:05 1
........ 4:35 r - 8:60 r ........
* Tit Crtrfty Car. » TaMtlyah U 1111 Talley.
Ticket (136 Uaekxt St. (North nhore Railroad)
Omczs land Sacsauto Fxksy, Foot Mirktt St.
KEWI.NG MACHINES AXI>_SCFP1^IB5.
THB WHITE IS KINO.
Ee»t a.ut«mst:c furclture.
Best bta-bearing stand.
Bert vibrator ard retury rtuttle.
Bent Idk and cht:n stitch.
Beet K»lnf ir.aehlaa on earth.
r.cai uarhlnes *t tZOO per month.
I'est machines to rent at 12.00 per monXn.
WHITE FEWINO MACHINE CO.,
P.etai! office*. S0« Po»t St..
1M1 F:I!more M. ar.d 70S Valencia st.
DOMESTIC— Tin machine for family use; b**t
lr aheaiwrt- eeeoiid-hand «I! makes at any
rric<-: all k'.'-.'.t rented lowsat ratws. Dcnjes-
Uc office, 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
VTl' HOME — Sea o-JT rew triple-feed m«-
' chines: fUgMly use-!: $10, $15. 520; second-
h*rd. fr. »3, M>: all styles; g-jaranteed New
Horre gewin» Machine Co.. 1061 Market et.
A WEEK'S r.ews for 5 ctr.'.n— The W»»kly Call.
18 pigts. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
~ SPKCIA1.ISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOTPES in BAR9
¦positively cured; new mmhofls: 1 week's treat-
rrer.t free. I>r. Cottlnghain. 204 Satter st.
'TTPEWEITEES ABro^STTPPUSg.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Sc-.Ith Premier. f25; other typewriters at
' htjrher ar.d icr.er i>ric«s; rentals $2 60. The
rrr-'writlng Exchange. S30 California st.
3TfEV." g<--od t^j^writers at $30 each; get par-
t-uiars of L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Moat-
r n. m rt^ __^
SXVHAND typewriters so!4, rented, repaired.
Webr>«r Tyr-ewritlng Inspec. Co.. 50S Market.
STORAGK A\D U'ABEHOl'$E».
A— KMPOEtCV Storage «V Van Co.; furnlturo,
Boute^'-ld gixx's stored, moved, shipped. 725-
7Si H< ward St.. or. Third; phone Grant 161.
A— OILREP.T & STOLL ttciag^ Co ; -torsfte. ;
purhlr.g. idllpptea; trarebous*. G. Q, and Van |
Nes*: offi« 1170 Market, r. 43: tel. South 750. I
FIEKCE-RODOLPH Ptoras* & Moving c o . # of-
ti'^e Post and Powel! sts.; tel. Prl. Ex. 571.
CON'KLIN'S Ptcraice--Fu;?!!ture and rrercl-an-
<3i«? 833 Golden Gate a\*.; ph->ne East 12(5. |
O<r>vr>EN West Ptc.r«r"; r.dvanccs ms-ie. R40
M-.«»=ion St.; tel. Howard JU1. F.W.Zehfuse. |
. . |
PACIFIC etovage and F«rr:v.re M-wtng Com-
patix. 2^20 Flllmore it.: • hone Jackson 2S1.
BEX3XB Van and Stora** ¦' . 11 Montgomery
»?.. te!. Main 1S4>'». Phipp;ntr at cut rates.
S1TTTEBI\« AND STAMMERING.
AT Melbourne Institute, Van Ness & Market.
Is taught celebrated Melbourne system; only
Melbourne in V. S. : private: established 3
years in g. F. Tel. Mint 2C28 from 1 to 5 p.m.
1
"VTAV^
MOTHERS' and daughters' home treatment;
booklet mailed fre»; correspondence Invited.
VIAVI CO.. 2304 Van Ness axe.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
THE Continental Building ar.d Loan Associa-
tion, corner ofrCnllfornia and Battery street*.
<Han Francisco, has declared a dividend <'f
K per <-»nt it annum on Class "A" ar.d
"F" stock. 6 r" cent on term deposits and
"> per cent on ordinary depostt<s, for the six
menths ending June aft. l»o4.
IVA8HmGTON DODGE. President.
WILLIAM CORBXN. Sec. A Gen. Mgr.
Vl\ IDKND NOTICE— San Francisco and Sub-
urban Home Building Society, fifth floor,
Mutual Savings Rank building. 70$ Market
St.. opposite Third — For the half year end- •
ing June 30, 1904, a dividend has been de- I
• lured »<t the rate per annum of ten ill') per
<«nt on capital rtock and jiarticipating cer-
Tifi-at«-s. free from taxes, payable on and
alltr Friday. July 1. 1904.
JOSEPH A LEONARD. Manager.
HL'GH CRAIG. Secretary and Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice: California Safe Deposit j
and Trust Company, corner California and
Montgomery sts. — For the six months ending |
June 3ft. 11*>4. dividend* have been declared j
on deposits in the savings department of this
company as follows: On term deposits, at
the rate of 3 tt-10 per cent p*r annum, and on
ordinary deposits at the rate of 3 per cent
per annum, free of taxes and payable on and
after Friday. July I. l!*M.
J. DALZELL BROUN. Manager.
DIVIDEND Notice: The German Savings and
Lf*n Society, r.26 California st. — For the half
year ending June .10. l»04. a dividend has
heen declared st the r»t» of three and one-
quarter >S',| per crnt per annum on all de-
posits free of .taxes payable on and after
Friday July I. 1H04.
GEORGE TOURNEY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice: San Francisco Savings
I'mon. M2 California «.. corner Webb. —
For the half veer ending with the. 30th of
June. 1W>4. a di\idend h»« been declared at
the rate per annum of three and one-half I
iSUl p»r c*>nt on term deposits and thr*e <•")
per" cent on ordinary deposits, free of taxes.
pajable en and after July 1. 1904.
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice: Mechanics' Savings Bank,
southwest corner Bush and Montgomery st«.
— For the half year ending with June 30.
IJXU. a dividend has be»n declared at the
rate" of three and one-qu»rte r i3 l t i per cent
per anr.um on all deposit?, fre/* of taxee, pay-
able on and after Friday July 1. l«O4.
FREDERICK H. CLARK. Cashier.
i'LAREMONT Oil Company on July 1, 1904,
•111 pay a dividend (No. 1) of 1 cent per
?hare en its issued capital stock at its of-
fice, room 31, seventh floor. Mills building;
transfer books close on Saturday. June 25,
1«04. at 1 p. m. GEORGE J. REMINGTON.
LEGAL. ADVERTISEMENTS.
LI. persons having accounts against the firm
of Knight & Ryan, liquor dealers. Powell and
Francisco si*., present tame at once for set-
tlement. G. FANTA.
PROPOSALS. .
DEPARTMENT cf the Interior. U. S. G«o2ogl-
cai Survey, Washington. D. C. May 26. 1904
— Sealed proposals, in duplicate, will be re-
ceived at the office of the United States
Reclamation Service, at Reno, Nevada, until
2 o'clock p. m.. July 15. 1904, for the con-
struction of about 37 miles of main distrib-
uting canalt, involving about l,500,0t)0 cubic
>-ards of earthwork, wtth diverting dam,
regulating gates, spillways, falls, weirs and
bridges, for the diversion and conveyance of
about XSOO cubic leet of water per second
?rom Carton River at a point about 4 miles
west of Le«*tviM*. Nevada, to irrigable landa
In Orsou Sink Valley. Bids will be received
on (A) excavation and embankment for one or
incr* divisions or all the work; (B) head-
works: (C) falls, spillways, weirs, lateral
hradgates xnd pipe drains; CD) highway
bridges. Speciflcationc. form of proposal
and particulars may be obtained after May
2«, 1&&4. by application to L. H. Taylor.
Reno. Ne\-ada, and to the Chief Engineer of
the Reclamation Service. Washington. D. C,
at whose offices the plans may be inspected.
Each bid tr.utt be accompanied by a certified
check for 11000. payable to the Secretary of
the Interior, as a guarantee that the bidders
•will, if successful, promptly execute a eat-
lsfactory contract and furnish bond in the
sum of 20 per cent for the faithful perform-
ance of the work. The right is reaerved to re-
ject any or all bids, to waive technical de-
fects, or to accept one part of a bid and re-
ject the other, s« the interest of the service
may reoulrc. Proposals must be marked.
••PropcstJf for Distributing CanaU, Truckee-
Carson Project, Nevada." Bidders are in-
vited to be present. THOS. RYAN. Acting
Secretary.
EffiTHS— fflABRIAaES— DEATfiSL
Birth, marriage and death notices teat by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
tn at either of the publication offices and te
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free cf charge.
BORN. — —
MONTACUE — In this city, to the wife of
E..T. Montague <nee Ehaber). a aon.
TRAYNOR— In thia city, Juna 19, 1904. to th»
wire of R. E. Traynor. a daughter/^
DIED.
Augustas. Caroline Hetzer. Katherlne
Barron. John Charles Hughes. William M
Blossfeldt. Catherine Jor£en»en MaSe
Blunt. Ttoomaa F. Kirk, Michael
Byrne. 6tephen McKenzie. Eugmia,
Daly. Roy Meehan. John C
Douglass. Aaron A. Moody, John
Kte«l«, JTitt . O'Flaherty. Thomas
Eatella, Thomas Reed, Edward
F:\-ans. Thomas V. Heyden. Helena D
Fallon. William J. Hommer. Edna Trena
Flack. Catherine Terreault. May Lucy
Flint, Dr. Tnomas Townsend. Alice M.
Gurelsberger, fVm Walsh. A. Q.
AUGUSTUS— In Oakland. June 17, 1904, Caro-
line, beloved wife of the late Domingo
Augustu*. and mother of Mrs. Mary j;
Fratus, Mrs. F. Ambrose. Mrs. C. Rogers
and Mrs. E. Marks, a native of Azores, aged
€9 years 10 months and 9 daye.
HIT Friends and acquaintances are reapect-
fully Invited to atend the funeral Monday.
June 20, at 8:S0 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1211 Eighteenth avenue, thence to St.
Anthony's Church, where a requiem man
will be celebrated fcr the repose of her souL
< cmraercir.g at 0 o'clock. Interment fc't.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland. Please omit
flew ere.
BAR I. ON— In Naca. June 13, 1904, John
Charles Barron. dearly beI6ved son of Anna
and th» late Mi#Lael Barron. and brother
of Wii ii;.n; H. and George Barron. a native
of Ean Francisco, aged 40 years.
E1X)£SFELDT— In thie city, June 19, 19M,
Catherine ]:oss BUasfeldt. beloved mother of
Esther and Evelyn Blossfeldt. a native cf
Nova Scotia, ascd 47 years 2 months and
2S day?.
BLUNT— In Alajnefla. June 19, 1004, Thomas
V., b*lovcd eon of Thomas and Margaret
Blunt, and. brother of Mrs. Nellie i-j>anEer-
berg, Mra. Joseph K. Tierce and Charles
Blunt, a native of Salem, Maea.
BVRXE- In this city. June IS. 1D04. Stephen,
beloved hushanu of Ann Byrne, and father
of Sister Marv Philomena of Notre Danie
and SieDhtu A.. John, Charles and Mamie
Byrne, a native of County Wexford. Ireland,
aped 72 years 4 months and 15 days.
(CTThe funeral will take place this day
? Monday). June 20, at 8:.:0 o'clock, from his
late rcsidisnc?. 3228 Harrison etrr*t. thence
to St. Peter's Church. Twenty-fourth and
Alabama street*, where a solemn requiem
hlfrtt mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Crow Cemetery.
DALY- In this city, June 18. 10M, Roy. dearly
. beloved and only son of H. S. and Louise
Daly, and brother of Cthel Daly, a native of
gan Francisco, aged S years 10 months and
1G daj-u.
will b« held to-day (Mon-
day), at 1:3" o'clock, at the residence of
his parents, 411 Third 'avenue, corner Point
Lobos, Richmond District. Interment pri-
vate. Kindly emit flowers.
DOUGLASS— In this city, June 19, 1804. Aaron
A., beloved father of Walter O. Douglass,
a native of New Hampshire, aged M years.
A member of Vamlshers* and Polishers'
Union. Local Xo. 13-4.
CTTtemalns at parlors of McFadden. Mc-
Brearty &. Gre?n, 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
EIFELE— In Fresno. June 17. 19CM, Frits
I Elsele, dearly beloved husband of Minnia
Eisele. and father of Emma, Minnie and
Freda Eise|i\ a native of Wurtemburg, Ger-
many, aged 44 year*.
Cy Friend* ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), June 20, at 11 o'clock, from the
parlors Of H. K. .Suhr &. Co.. 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric
funeral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
etrcets.
E.STKLI.A— In th>« City ar.<l County Hospital,
¦ June 19. 1904, Thomas Estella, a native of
Michtfran, acM 51 >eai*\
EVANS— In Rich Gulch. Calaveras County.
; Cal., June 17. 1904. Tnomas V., dearly be-
i lovea hu«t>an<l of l^ena Evana. a native of
San Francisco, aeed _.J years S months and
S <iay«.
£7"Th» fun?ral will take place to-morrow
?Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & Krslicli. i'O Van Ness avenue.
Interment MrictJy private, Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by e!i>otrlc funeral car from Guerrero
ar.d Klg-hteenth «.reet*.
FALIXW — At Tuscan Serins*. Tehama
County, CaC June IS. 1904. William J., bo-
lnved husband of Enmia Fallon. and brother
of EJward Fallon, and son of the lato Ed-
ward and Mary Fallon. a native of San
Franclwn. ag<?d 34 years.
(CT'Frlrnds and acquaintances an» re6p(?ct-
f'.illy Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
1 Tuesday), at 1 n'clo-k. from his late resi-
dence, 539 Pan Bruno avtuu*. corner
Kij;ltt<-<»Mh street. Interment Holy Cross
Ocmetrry. '
FLACK— In this city. June 17. 1904. Catherine,
beloved wife of the late Samuel Flack, de-
voted mother cT Martin F. Gallagher. Mrs.
J. J. McCarthy, and William J.. Catherine
A. <Layton> and Belle M. Flack, loving sis-
ter-in-law of John Layton. and dearly be-
loved Ulster or the late Jane T. I^ayton. a
native cf N>w York City. N. V.. aged 68
years 6 months and 2 days. (New York
]>aper8 pleaee copy.)
(ryFrierda and acquaintance* are r*sp»et-
fully invited to attend th» funeral to-day
(Monday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 236»i Eleventh Ftreet. thence to S?t_
Joseph's <"liurch. Tenth street, where a re-
quiem high maeo will lie celebrated for the
repose of her soul, at 9 o'clock. Interment,
Holy Cross Cemetery.
FLINT— In San Juan. Jun» 10, 1J>O4. Pr.
I Tnomas Flint, a native of Maine, aeed SO
yearn 1 month nnd <i daye.
C^Funerrd Tuesday. Jur.e 21. at 10
o'clock, from his late home, San Justo
Ranch. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
.San Mateo County, at .":30 o'clock Tuesday.
GUGELSBERGER— In this city, June IS. 39<>«.
William, dearly beloved fon of Elizabeth
i nnd the late Andrew Gustelsberger. and
brother of Jacob. Charles and Minnie Gucels-
lwrger and the !at«- Annlt" Gugclsberser,
Lizzie WlnVler and Marram de la Cruz, a
natlv«- of gan Francisco, aged ?,S years 5
months and :> day?.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday) at 1 :."0 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors "of Joseph Ilacan. 1707 .Sacramento
Mreet. near Polk, where »ervices will \f.
held under the auspices of Court Star of the
West No. C»5<>. A. O. F. Interment Odd
Fellows' Crmetery. Please omit flower*.
: HETZER— In th!s city. June IS. 1904, Kath-
erlne Hetzer. beloved mother of Henry A..
Lena and Frieda Hetier. a native of Ger-
many. KCI-.1 54 years 11 months and 22 days.
tTRemains at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking: Company. 2475
Minion ftreet. near Twenty-first. Funeral
and interment private.
Ht'GHEF— In this « Ity, Juno IS. 1904. Wil-
liam M., beloved husband of Mary A.
Hugh** father of Genevievc C. Hughes, and
brother of Mr»=. W. J. McCartin ff Vallejo
and Mr». J. W. Decker, a native of Ireland,
aited 44 year" 2 inonthe and 2 da}"S. A mem-
ber of San Francisco Council No. 7, Y. M.l.
C^Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to Httend th* funeral to-day
(Monday) at 8:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White. 42.'. Golden Gate
avenue, thence to Pt. Joseph's <*hurch. Tenth
Ftreet, where a solemn requiem hleh mass
will be celebrated for the reiKW of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetrry.
Pan Francisco Council No. 7. Young Men's
Institute — The officers and members of S. F.
C. No. 7. Y. M. I., are hereby notified to
attend the funeral of our late brother. Wil-
liam Huzhes, from Porter & White's Un-
dertaking Parlors, 42.1 Golden Gate aven<i<\
Monday. June 20 at B":I5 o'clock, fharp. By
order of M. T. P.EILLY. President.
GEORGE M. KELLY. Secretary.
JORGEXSEN— In the City and County Hos-
pital. June 19. JiKU. Mamie Jonjensen. a
native of Mas-sachu^etts. aged ."4 years
KIRK — An anniversary requiem hish mass for
the repose of the («oul of the late Michael
Kirk win be celebrated at St. Dominic's
Church. Bush and Kteiner etreets. on Tues-
day. June 21, at 9:30 o'clock. Friends are
invited to attend.
McKENZIE— In this cfty. June 19. 1904,
EuRcnia M., beloved daughter of Jasper and
Isabella McKenzie. and Bister of Douglass
and Ruble McKenzie. and (franddaughter of
Mrs. Luoy Ad'-ock. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aced 7 months and ID dayn.
MEEHAN— In this city, June IH U»04. John
C. b*lo\-ed husband of Annie Meehan, and
father of Agnes. Krsie, Florence, Jcale and
Ida Meehnn. a native of County Clare, Ire-
land, aged 47 years and 16 days.
CyR«malns at rmrlors of McFadden, Mc-
Brearty & Green, 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
MOODY— In this city. June 17. 1904. John
Moody, a native of Knzlann. aired &7 years.
A member of Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's
Union.
ETRemalns at the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission ctreet, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
O' FLAHERTY— In this city. June IS, 10O4.
Thomas O' Flaherty, dearly beloved husband
of Julia O'Flaherty. and father of Mrs. Mary i
Ann Perker and the late John W.
O* Flaherty, a native of County Galway. Ire-
land, aced &> years. (Boston papers please
copy.)
REED— In this city. June 19. 1904. Edward
Reed, a native of England, aced 95 years.
SEYDUN— In this city. June 19. 1904. Helena
Dorathea Seydtn. beloved wife of J. H. J. ,
Seyden, and mother of Mrs. J. P. Carson,
Mrs. J. H. Gallagher and Geonre II., Henry
G., Arnold R.. J. Fred, Julius. Alfred.
GuEtav and Arthur Seyden. a native of Amt
Dorum. Hanover, Germany, aged 65 years
1 month -and 7 days. (New York, Dorum
and Hanover rx&t>ers please copy.)
EOMMEE — In this city. June 18. 19O4. Edna
Yrene.. dearly beloved daughter of Peter H.
and Frida Bommer, and fitter of Anna,
Rudolph, Peter H. Jr., Frida and Elsie
Sommer, a native of San Francisco, aged 13
years 8 months and 15 days.
C7FrlendH and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday). Jline 21. at 1 o'clock, from the
residence of her parents. Sixth avenue and
I street. 6outh San Francisco. Interment
Cypiras Lawn Cemetery.
TERREAULT— In this city. June 19, 1904.
May Lucy Terreault. dearly beloved and
only child of Frank D. and May Terreault.
a native of San Francisco, aged 5 years 1
month and 25 days.
TOWXSEND — In this city, June 18, 1904,
" Alice May. beloved wife of Thomas U. F.
Townsend. and daughter of William and
Lurenia Toothaker, and sister of Ethel M.
Toothaker, a native of Ean Francisco, aged
34 years.
E7"Friend« and acquaintances arc respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
June 21, at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
her pare-nts. 3.119 Nineteenth street, thence
1>y electric funeral car from Elchteenth and
Guerrero streets to Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery for interment. Interment private.
WALSH— In this city, June IS. i»04. A. O.
Walsh, a native of Detroit, Mich., aged 48
year*.
C7" Remains at the mortuary chapel of J.
8. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue.
CARD OF THANKS.
We herewith desire to extend our heartfelt
thanks to the many kind friend* and
acquaintances, and especially 4he officers
and member* of the Grand Lodge, O. d. H.
8.; Ern»t von Bendel Lodge No. 3, O. d. H.
S.. and Petaluma Lodge No. 20, O. d. H. 8..
who gave so many evidences *f their heart-
felt and comforting (sympathy during the ead
hours of our bereavement of loving brother,
Herman Rabben. . MRS. I. ABKLS.
SOPHIE RABBEN.
LOUISE RABBEN.First race — Kurtzmann, Seasick,
Anona.
Second race — Ebony, Admonition,
The Regent.
Third race — Witfnl, Proof Rea'der,
Shawana.
Fourth race — Jerry Lynch, Fon
casta, Rainland.
Fifth race — Burleigh, Fred Leppert,
Birch Broom. »- "
Sixth race — Dutiful, Rough and
Tumble, Stroller.
WASHIXGTOX PARK SELECTION'S.
buncle 108, Whorler 116, Dekaber 100, Brig
and 00.
Fifth race, six furlongs on main track three
year-olds — Pulsus 116. Stalwart 110. Jacquln
121, Thlstledale 111 Divination 111, Glad Tid
ings 111. Kequlter 10S, Head Lad 108, Liberia
10« Revane 106, Chattah 106, Belle of Port
land 106.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles on
turf selling— Gay Boy 110, South Trimble 106,
Sheriff Bell 104, April Showers 10U. Himself
103, Wild Pirate 103. Leader 108. Brigand 101,
Stuyve 100, Unmasked 100, Rosslgnol 98 Cot
tage Maid Otf. Dainty 96. Bardolph 06, Car
buncle 95. Brlarthorpe 08, Gold Dome 98 Wild
Thyme 01, Florham Queen 81. Flammula 90,
Divination 87.
(Briarthorpe and Gold Dome. Richards entry.
Leader and Dainty, Jennings entry. Divina
tion and Wild Thyme, Muller entry.)
Weather clear; track drying.
Medal shoot. 23 birds, champion clas»—
Haight 23. Fcrster 23. F«udner 22. Naamaa
21. Webb 20. ;
First class — Golcher 25. Murdock 22. Dr.
HOUen 22, Slade 22. Shields 22. Gamble 21.
Reed 21. Potter 2O. Dooohoe 2O. LaIhk 1*.
Secocd cla» — Jacobeen 22. H. Klevwaht 22.
Clark 17 Knauft 16. Turner 15. Cuneo .11,
Patrick 10. Dr. Sylvester — . Smtta IX
In the class shoot of the Golden
Gate Gun Club at bluerocks held yes
terday at the Ingleside traps Haight
and Forster were the high guns in
the champion class, breaking 23 out
of 25. Golcher broke 25 in the first
class match. Four contestants were
tied for second honors. Jacobsen and
H. Klevesahl scored 22 each in the
second class match. A special shoot
under sealed conditions, which are
known only to Forster, who framed
them, is affording amusement to the
gunmen. Xanman, Haight and Webb
have departed for Pendleton. Or, to
participate in a three days' shoot
which commences next Thursday.
Next Sunday the Union Gun Club will
give a live bird shoot at Ingleside
traps. open to all. The following are
the results of yesterday's shoot:
3Iembers of the Union Gun Club Con
t«\st In Class Match at the ;~
Ingleside Traps.
WIND MAKES BLUEROCK
SHOOTING DIFFICULT
Longshore Lumbermen's Association No. 234
— President. Joseph Downham; vice president,
William Baker; recording secretary. George A.
Hansen; financial secretary. Reuben Curtis;
treasurer. Edward Jones: «ergeant-at-arms,
Thomas Cumnilnss; sentinel. M. Daltoo; trus
tee*—J. W. Sullivan. Louis Freitsch. D. K.
Cummings. • William McGoldrlsk. Miles Kehoe,
J. Lynngreen and L. Dunn: easiness agent.
J. C. Williams; delegates to the City Front
Federation — J. C. Williams. U. Freltsdi and
A. U. Cortlsa.
Amalgamated Association of Carpenters,
Branch No. 800— President, Charles Nelson;
vice president. W. C. Parry: *ecretary, R. H.
Kelly; treasurer. T. Uglow; press secretary.
J. N. Polnton; money steward.' E. Lang; check
steward. D. C. Owin: sick steward, R. Welch;
provisional auditor. Thomas Calne; serjeant
at-arms. R. Morgan; delegates to Building
Trades Council — W. W. Freland. J. N. Polnton
H. McLaughlin. T. G. Cord til and P. Cole;
alternate* — R- Mlliard and W. Parry; delegates
to District Council of Carpenters — Charles
N«l»cn, W. Parry. J. Faulkner and E. D.
Alnscow. W. Webb end C. Mulr were voted
for district committee and Thomas Atkinson
district secretary.
Carpenters' Union No. 22 — President, F. P.
Nicholas; vice president. A. L. Hollis; record
ing s:-cretary. W. E. Smith; assistant record-
Ing secretary. John T. Burns; financial secre
tary, N. L. Wandell; treasurer; Patrick Con
nors; conductor. Frank Harmon; warden,
Joseph Rosa; trustee. John J. Swamnn; trustee
to Labor Temple. W. E. Foley; trustee to
Organized Labor. P. H. McCarthy: trustee to
Progressive Mill. L. B. Regan; precs cecretary,
A. L. Hollis; delegates to District Council,
f. P. Nicholas. L. Morriaon. L. B. Regan, P.
H. McCarthy. Frank Harmon. J. P. Horgan,
Etephen Kley, John Brodie. Charles Jackson.
A. L. Hollis, R. n. Thurman, Mark Campbell,
J. Cliff, Theodore Wlckes, A. L. Hermann, E.
if. Stevens. J. L. Athy; alternate*, J. D.
Campbell. John T. Eurns. E. O'Connor, C. F.
Knight: dHeraWs to BuiMinr Trades Council,
P. H. McCarthy. F. P. Nicholas. John P. Hor
gan, J. J. Tlerney. A. L. Hollis. John J. Swan
¦on. Charles Jackson. Eugene O'Connor, C. II.
Clark. John Brodie. A. Wallace, O. L. Sparks.
Stephen Eley. W. B. Fuller, P. H. Farley, W.
E. Btasley. W. E. Folcy.
The various unions throughout the
city are from day to day holding their
annual elections of officers to serve
during: the coming year. The follow
ing officers have been elected within
the last few days:
UNIONS ELECT OFFICERS
TO SERVE FOR ONE YEAR
WASHIXGTOX PARK ENTRIES.
CHICAGO. June 19. — Class ia more
in evidence than quantity in the en
tries for Washington Park to-morrow,
the fields being small. The entries:
First raw, four furlongs, two-year-olds
Mrs. Bob 100. North Enid 10S, Bryan 111,
Anona 115. Diamond Betty 115, Seasick 115,
Kurtzman 118, Marmont 118, Blue Bird 118.
Second race, one mile, selling — Tromp«use 00,
Golden Mineral 94, Falerian 85, Ebony 95,
Lr.dy Chorister 104. Sir Launcelot 107, Admo
nltlcn 99, The Resent 110.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles — Proof
Reader 90, Leila 90, Major T. J. Carson 97
Sfcawana 97. Wltfull 112.
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards
Phil Finch 110, Foncasta 112, 8ky Pilot 112,
Rainland 122. Jocelyn 122.
Fifth race, six furlongs— Cheyenne 98, Fred
Lrppert 108, Burleigh 108, Incubator 115,
Birch Broom 117.
Sixth race, one mile — Rough and Tumble 92,
Dutiful 84, Centrian 05, Sweet Tone 97, Strol
ler 107, Action 110, Fleuron 111, Olympian 116.
Weather clear; track fast.
(National League.) (American League.)
W. L. Pet. w. L. Pet.
New York. . .34 16 .680 Boston 34 17 .Brt7
Chicago 31 17 .«4iJ,New York... 28 21 .571
Cincinnati . .32 19 .B2S Chicago 29 23 .558
Pittsburg ...27 24 .52S>!CWeland ...2H21.KH
Kt. Louis 25 24 .4^9 Philadelphia.. 2« 23 .531
Boston 29 SO .4<«> St. Louis 23 24 .4^9
Brooklyn ...21 32 .390. Detroit 10 28 .404
Philadelphia. 10 36 .217' Washington.. 9 3S .191
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
St.'LOUIS. June 19— The St. Louis and New
York team* broke even to-day. Powell, who
failed in an ante-season game, twirled for New
York. Glade shut the visitors out In the sec
ond game. He struck out .ten men and al
lowed only four hits. Attendance, 20,100.
Score:
Mornlijg game — R. H. E.
St. Louis 3 5 2
New York 4 9 t
Batteries — Howell and Sugden; Powell, Klei
now and McGulre.
Second game — R. H. E.
St. Louis 17 0
New York 0 4 3
Batteries— Glade and Kahce; Wolfe and
Kiel now. . .'V.
CHICAGO. June 19. — Boston won by bunch-
Ing hits In the first when they counted. Score: '
R. H. E.
Chicago 2 7 2
Boston 7 7 1
Batteries — Altrock and McFarland; J. Tanne
hlll and Crlcer. . .
'.-.'•-:: NATIONAL LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS. June 19.— St. Louis and Pitts
burg broke even In the first double-header of
'the season here to-day. . Both games were
hard (ought and In each ca«e poor work In tBa
field was responsible for defeat. Attendance.
19.W3O. Score:
Morning game — R. H. E.
St. Louis 4 10 0
Pittsburg 3 7 4
Batteries — Taylor and Zarfosa; Leerer and
Phelps. Umpire— C Day.
Second game — R. H. E-
St. LouU 2 7 4
Plttsburs 5 10 2
Batterie*— O'Neill and Grady; Miller and
Smith. Umpire— O' Day.
CINCINNATI. June 19. — Chicago failed to i
get a roan a« far as third base. Timely hits
were responsible for all the runs by the Cln
dnnatis. A heavy rain Just before the game
affected the attendance and made playing hard
Attendance .8000. Score:
Cincinnati • 3 7 5
Chicago 0 5 1
Batteries — Hahn and Peltz; Lundgren and
Kllli-n. Umpire — Moran.
BROOKLYN. June 19— Wlltxe for the Tl»
itors pitched a fine game, only three hits be
ing made off him by the Brooklyn team. At
tendance. CCOO. Score:
R. H. E.
New York 11 is 0
Brooklyn 0 3 4
Batteries — Wlltxa and Bowennaa; Crontn.
> Jones and Rltter. Umpire — Eznelie 1
RIVAL ST. LOUIS TEAMS
DIVIDE HONORS AT HOME
First rac« — Limerick Girl, Wakeful,
Woodlands.
Second race^ — King Fox II, Crescer
ton, Musce Poir.
Third race — Platoon, Zinda, Franco.
Fourth race — Harmakls, Bugler,
Gallaehcr.
Fifth race — Modella, Six Shooter,
Light Opera.
Sixth race — Gaslighter, Velos, Lady
Matchless.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
CYCLIST BURTOX DOWXIXG
SHARES HONORS WITH HURLEY
Beat* the American Amateur Cham
pion in a Sprint at Manhattan
Beach Track.
NEW YORK, June 19.— For the first
time in the history of Manhattan
Beach, Sunday cycling competitions
were held to-day. Marcus Hurley of
the Xew York Athletic Club and Bur
ton Downing of San Jose divided the
honors in the amateur«events. In the
mile handicap trial heat Hurley, who is
the amateur champion, rode from
scratch, and took the lead in the final
lap. He held his advantage until
within a few yards of the finish when
Downing passed him, winning by half
a wheel. Both cyclists rode from
scratch. Hurley eventually obtained
first prize by three parts of a length.
Downing swerved badly in the final
hundred yards and this may have cost
him the race.
The Parnell Football Club of the
Gaelic Athletic League scored an easy
victory over the McBrides at the Pre
sidio athletic grounds yesterday after
noon. The Parnells scored four goals
during the first half and one in the
second half. They outplayed the Mc-
Brides at every point of the game.
The McBrides did not have a full
team, entering the field with but thir
teen instead of seventeen men. The
game was scheduled to take place at
2: SO o'clock, but it was nearer 4
o'clock when th«? rival teams lined up
on the field. They were made up as
follows:
ranx'llp — P. Barrett. P. Scanlan, J. Rean-
I»n. E. Murphy. Joe Murphy, J. O'Connor, M.
Calvin. H. Callahan, H. Sullivan. M. Daly, J.
Culllnan". w. Lane. D. Toomey. C. O'Brien,
John Murphy. P. Horgan, E. Sullivan.
McBrides — T. J. Mellot. C. Curran D Mc-
Carthy. T. McCarthy, J. P. Moriarty. D. Mor
iarty. T. Dineen. J. Corkery J. O'Connor D
Ke'.leher. P. Golden, D. Dineen.
P.eferee, James Barry.
Latter Team Is Handicapped by the
Absence of Three Players and
Fails to Score a Point.
PARNELL FOOTBALL CLUB
EASILY DEFEATS McBRIDES
At the annual election of officers and
distribution of prizes of the Grutli
shooting section the following were
elected: President, George R. Hauser;
vice president, Louis Hauser; financial
secretary and treasurer, Theodore Sim
men; recording secretary. Ed Suter;
shooting masters — O. Iradorf, Ed
Suter; trustees — F. "Werlen, Charles
Miller.
Prizes won during the year were
distributed. Al *Q. Gehret won the
champion class prize; Louis Hauser,
first class; Ed Suter, second class, and
E de Filippi, third .class. George R.
Hauser, who has been an efficient
shooting: master for fourteen years,
was presented with a handsome gold
headed walking stick.
and Distribution of Prizes.
Election of OCBjers for Ensuinr Year
GRUTLI SHOOTING CLUB.
Consolation stake, second round — Ccsette
beat Piker. 12-3: Young Mountain Belle beat
Firm • Fellow. 6-0; . Reckless Acrobat beat
Wedgewood, 8-6; Fortuna Angel beat Northern
Alarm, 7-9; Idaho Boy beat Lucky Shamrock.
7-4; Equator beat Wild Bill, 5-0; Queen'a
Motto beat Topsy Turvy, U-5; Imperious beat
Humbug, 5-0.
Third round — Young Mountain Belle a bye;
Fortuna Angel a bye; Idaho Boy beat Equator,
7-5; Imperious beat Queen's Motto, 13-1.
Fourth round — Fortuna Angel beat Young
Mountain Belle, 21-12; ISaho Boy beat Im
perious, 14-8.
Deciding course — Fortuna Angel beat Idaho
Boy. 8-7.
Puppy stake, second round— Croix D beat Si
lent Water, 9-4; Pasha King beat Cassie W,
11-4; Bright Columbia beat. Lucy Glitters. 3-0;
Young Kerry Pippin beat Menlo Queen, 17-3.
Third round — Croix ' D beat Pasha King,
10-4; Bright Columbia beat Young Kerry Pip
pin, 5-0.
Deciding cour»« — Young Columbia beat Croix
D. 14-5.
E. Janikie, the Fresno leashman,
swept the field with his dogs in the
ppen stake yesterday at Ingleside
Coursing Park. Eagle Bird beat his
kennel mate. General Fremont, in the
deciding course. In this course Eagle
Bird was luckv to win, as in the run
up the hare swerved to Eagle Bird,
which undoubtedly gave him the flag.
Janikie's Golden Feather received
third money.
In the puppy stake J. M. Carroll's
Bright Columbia ran over her op
ponents and easily annexed first hon
ors. In the final she beat Croix D
in a course which gave the youngsters
a severe test. The consolation stake
was won by Fortuna Angel. The
talent had easily the best of the day,
the feature being the unusual close
ness of the betting. The following are
the results with Judge Thomas Tier
ney's official scores:
Open stake : Second round— Hermit beat Free
Costa, 3-2; Lulu Girl beat Pasha Pleasant.
12-3; Flowery Friend beat Beauty Gold. 11-8;
Gold Chain beat Lady Menlo, 4-0; Dorothy
M beat Carlow Boy, 13-8; Belfast beat Black
Coon. 7-5; Jack Short beat Grace Greenwood,
8-3; Dear Gaston beat Foxhunter, 8-7; Ouida
beat Modest Beauty, ti-2; Rock Island Minnie
beat Jessie Dear 12-2; Eagle Bird beat Ready
Address, 12-7; Our Myra beat Sunny South,
11-9; General Fremont beat Dartaway. 5-2;
Golden Feather beat Evil Eye, 14-1; Doreen
beat Courtly Guest, 13-3; Donnybrook beat
Little Plunger. 5-3.
Third round — Lulu Girl beat Hermit, 9-6;
Gold Chain a bye; Dorothy il beat Belfast,
7-5; Jack Short beat Dear Gaston. 5-4: Rock
Island Minnie beat chitda, 7-5; Eagle Bird a
bye; General Fremont beat Doreen, 3-2; Golden
Feather beat Donnybrook, 7-2.
Fourth round — Lulu Girl beat Gold Chain,
10-8; Eagle Bird beat Dorothy M, 5-4; General
Fremont beat Jack Short 20-12; Gold Feather
beat Rock Island Minnie. 10-6.
Fifth round — Eagle Bird beat Lulu Girl, 8-3;
General Fremont beat Golden Feather, 0-3.
Deciding course — Eagle Bird beat General
Fremont. 7-5. '*.--¦
the Final.
Eagle Bird Boats His Kennel Mate in
JAXIKIE'S HOUNDS IX FORM.
ST. LOUIS. June 19. — The entries
for the races to-morrow at the Fair
Grounds follow:
First race, nine-sixteenths of a mile, maid
ens — A. Muskoday 113. Colonel Simpson 113.
Limerick Girl 110, Annisquam 110, Lone Wolf
110, Loretta M. 110. Corlna 108, Woodlands
108. Georgia Carter 105, Wakeful 105, Raths
keller 103. Aepatia 100.
Secon* race, elx furlongs, maidens — Crescer
ton 113. Banquet 110, Top Lady 106. Billy
Woodward 100. Tellow Hammer 100, Florador
ICO. J. Resff »T. Gigantic 97, Ascot 97. Hub
barJ 07. Muscovolr 97, Torlo »7, King Fox II
97. Anyway 05. Pink Marsh 95.
Third rafe. five furlongs, selling — Drage Kid
100 Joe Kelly 100. Platoon 1(X>. Weberflelds
1<«. Zinda 97. Ho Trumper 95, Franco 02. My
Eleanor S»2.
Fourth race, mile and seventy yards — Galla
gher li.'.'. Bugler OS. Harmakls 93, Falkland
93. Dolinda 80.'
Fifth race, seven furlongs — Echo Dale 112,
Six Shooter 112 Foxy Kane 110, Light Opera
107. Doeskin 107. Mordela DO. Mlllbrook 90.
Ingolthrlft 09. Commodore 99.
Sixth ra.ee, one and an eighth miles — Daw
eon 109. Gaslighter 10S Lynch 104, Broodier
104. Velcs KM. Lady Matchless 103.
Weather cloudy; track slow.
ST. LOUIS EXTRIKS.
The regatta committee postponed
the race from 11:30 a. m.. hoisting
the preparatory flag at 11:55 and fir
ing the starting gun at 12 noon. The
yachts in Classes C, B and A were
sent across the line together, crossing
it in the following order: Yawl Gyp
sie, sailed by C. E. Clark: sloop Jessie
E., sailed by John T. Carrier: shipjack
Pollywog, sailed by George Tyler;
sloop Spray, sailed by R. L. Eamfv;
ya,wl Idler, sailed by Commodor*
George M. Shaw; yawl lola, sailed by
Robert Vincent: schooner France*,
sailed by J. Williams. ,, Jessie E
quickly secured a lead and constantly
increased it, no other yacht complet
ing the course within the limit of four
hours. The breeze was fair at start-
Ing and strengthened into a stiff wind.
The race was under the management
of the regatta committee, consisting
of Vekander, James and Bowly. Tha
starters in Class B were the flagship
Idler and Jack London's sloop spray,
but neither finished. J
The only yacht to start in Class C
was the skipjack Pollywog, sailed by
George Tyler, with a few sandbags for
crew. She made good time until she
reached Alcatraz Island, where a suc
cession of hard squalls strnck her.
The last capsized her. The yawls Iolii
and Gypsie abandoned the race and
rescued Tyler, the yawl lola taking the
Pollywog in tow. Tyler was taken
aboard the lola and made comfortable
with a change of clothes and suitable
restoratives.
The eleventh annual regatta of the
California Yacht Club for class flags
was held yesterday over a course esti
mated at 11?* nautical miles, starting 1
from the Oakland broad gauge mole.
L, Rosenfeld's sloop Jessie E.. sailed
by John T. Carrier, with "Charlie" as
crew, completed the course in an
elapsed time of 2 hours 39 minutes 20
seconds, winning the flag in Class A.
the other starters in the class being
Robert Vincent's yawl lola and C. E.
Clark's yawl Gypsie. The sloop Jessi©
E. also won the Owners' Cup. which
was sailed for at the same time and
over the same course.
The Same Boat Carries Off "Owners*
Cup*' at Annual Regatta of Cali
fornia Yacht Club.
sotft sloop jessie e.
captures class a flag
One of the sad features of the day's
race Is the serious condition of Green-
Iger of the New Centurys. He is suf
fering from overexertion and Is con
fined in a sanitarium. Three doctors
are working over him and it is hoped
his life may be save.d.
RENO. June 19.— Reno defeated the
New Century "Wheelmen of San Fran
cisco to-day by nearly half a mile in
one of the most exciting relay races
ever ridden in Reno. The fifty miles
was covered by Reno in two hours,
three minutes and two-fifths seconds.
The San Francisco man crossed the
tape about three minutes later. The
race was witnessed by nearly two thou
sand people.
In the third relay A. "Wllkes of the
New Century fell from- his wheel. C.
Knox of Reno, after gaining a lead of
nearly a quarter of a mile as the re
sult of the accident, slowed down and
waited for his opponent, both riders fin
ishing together. From this time until
the finish of the fortieth mile the teams
remained neck and neck, neither ap
parently being able to get a lead on
Its adversary. In the ninth relay Up
dike of Reno started the gap which
from that time until the finish grew
wider. ¦*
Grcenlger, One pf_§an Francisco's
Riders, Is Critically 111 From
Overcxertlon.
ItEXO WHEELMEN VICTORIOUS
1 "IX FIFTY-MILE RELAY RACE
Barge was favorite in the first three
trials at 3 to 5. In the deciding course
McVey was a 1 to 2 choice.
E. Reddy's Fancy Free beat Rene
"gade Apache in the deciding course of
the reserve stake. Renegade Apache
had the greater speed, but was un
lucky, the hare breaking away from
him throughout the course. The score
was 11 to 9. The day's results, with
P. J. Reilly's official scores, follow:
Special match — Barge beat McVey. 6-5; Barge
beat McVey. 14-10; McVey beat Barge, b-i;
Barge beat McVey, 7-5.
Open reserve stake — Lucy Clalr beat Gam
bit. 13-5; Ragged Actor beat Quita, 6-4;
Friendless Boy beat High Born. 8-tf; Sacra-,
racnto Boy beat Lord Brazen. 4-0; Amandan
t«jat The Referee. 5-1; Rural Artist beat Texas
Hoo Hoo, 2-1; Lost Chord beat ReU Pepper,
8-1: Haphazard b-at Raby Aurora. 4-3.
Second round — Ragged Actor beat Lucy
Clalr, 7-5; Friendless Boy beat Sacramento
Boy. 5-4; Amandan beat Rural Artlat. 10-5;
Lost Chord beut Haphazard 6-4.
Third round — Friendless Boy b»*at Ragged
Actor, 6-2; Lost Chord a bye, Amandan with
drawn.
Deciding course — Lost Chord withdrawn.
Friendless Boy won by default.
Reserve stake — Mlrs Brummel beat Falso
Alarm, 7-4: Golden Garter beat Merry Go
Round. 7-6; Duhallow beat Red Rock. 6-2;
Texas Mamie beat Rich Arsrosy, 8-2; Flount
beat Young Klamatb. 5-3; Tamora beat Rock
er Arm, 3-1; . Cubanola beat Rocklln
Boy. 8-6; Fancy Free beat- Money Musk,
0-1: John Heenan beat Icellus, 4-3; Roman
Athlete beat Royal Friend. 9-0; Master Rocket
beat Mark Twain. 2-1; Paellaccl beat Texas
Ginger. 9-3 : General Pewet beat Frank Dunn.
3-0; Frjitenoy beat Ruby Sankey. 7-4; J E H
beat Liberator, 3-1; Aeolus beat Wattles. 6-0;
Rapid Water beat Canary. IS-O; Renegade
Apache beat Vandal. 12-5: Aggie W beat Free
From Flaw. 4-0: Mickey Frw beat Frisky Boy.
5-3: Rose of Gold beat Una. 6-3; Galveston
beat Colored Lady. S-2: Seniprontus beat Hon
est John, 3-2; Intruder beat Chillmara, 9-7;
Orslna a bye. Blase withdrawn; Tralee Lass
beat Texas Jill, 7-5; Bright Fortune beat May
Funnlson, 3-1; Remisso Anlmo beat Lily
Wright. -4-2.
Second round — Duhallow beat Miss Brummel,
4-2; Texan Mamie b*-at Golden Garter. 8-3;
Flount beat Tamora, 4-3; Fancy Free b*at Cu
banola 7-3; Roman Athlete beat John Heenan.
3-2; PagMaccl beat Master Rocket, 4-3: Fon
tenoy beat General Dewet. 6-5; Aeolus beat
J E H. 5-3: Renegade Apache beat Rapid
Water. 7-1: Mickey Free beat Aggie W. S-2;
Galveston beat Rose of Gold, 4-3; Sempronius
beat Intruder. 9-2; Tralee Lass beat Orslna,
U-2: Bright Fortune beat Remlito Anlmo. 11-6.
Third round— Duhallow beat Texas Mamie,
10-9; Fancy Free beat Flount. 8-1; Roman Ath
lete beau Pagrliaccl. 5-0; Aeolus beat Fontenoy,
5-3; Renegade Apache beat MIckee Free, 4-0;
Galvestcn b"at Sempronius, tt-3; Tralee Lass
beat Bright Fortune, 9-2.
Fourth round — Fancy Free beat Duhallow,
3-2; Aeolus beat Roman Athlete. 20-11; Rene
gade Apache beat Galveston, 6-1; Tralee Lass
a bye. ¦
Fifth round— Fancy Free a bye, Aeolus with
drawn; Renegade Apache beat Tralee Lass,
3-O.
Deciding course — Fancy Free beat Renegade
Apache, 11-8.
George Xethercott's ' greyhound
Barge, winner of the Grand National
Champion stakes, in which the best
eight greyhounds on the coast com
peted recently, defeated James Swee
ney's McVey in a special match yester
day at Union Coursing Park.
Barge led in the first course. The
greyhounds showed equal speed in the
second trial. After this McVey im
proved, leading by five and six lengths,
respectively, in the remaining two
trials. Barge won the first, second and
fourth trials and the match.
E. H. Wilkes, c. Brown, b. Fortmann.... 101
E. H. M. Lannowe. b. Ward
A. W. Wilding, b. Ward 5S
N. Logan^ c. Bennion, b. Ward 7
H. D. Bowly, b. Ward 6
H. C. Castdy, not "out 15
John Myers, Dr. O. N". Taylor, K. Read,
H. N. Storr?. J. J. Theobald, did not bat.
Byes 4, leg byes 2, wide« 3, no ball 1 10
Total for five wickets 4J[t7
Runs at the fall of each wicket — One for 5.
two for 121. three for 137, four for 147, five for
197.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
"Bowler— - B. M. R. W.
H. Ward Jr 12«J 1 63 4
W. G. Fortmann S6 .. 42 1
L. G. Vaz IS .. 14
S. M. Foster W 2 34
C. Banner 24 .. 24
F. Bennion tt .. l
C. C. Y. Williamson 18 .. 9
Vaz bowled une wide and one no ball; Fos
ter bowlecTtwo wides."
ALAMKUA CRICKET CLUB.
G. I. Bautfh. b. Lannowe 13
W; H. McNaughton, b. Lannowe 13
S. M. Foster, run out o
I.. G. Vaz. b. Wilkes 2
V. Seebeck. run out \\
W. G. Fortmann, b. Lannowe... 7
G. H. Ward Jr., c. Reud, b. Casidy 20
F. J. IJ«nnion. c. Bowly, b. Taylor 8
C C, T. Williamson, c. Wilding, b. Wilkes.. 4
J. Brown, not out 1
C. Banner, b. Taylor 0
Byes 4, leg bye 1, no balls 3 8
Total, •. 03
Runs at the fall of each wicket — One for
IS. two for 18, three for 2S, four for 32, five
for SO, »ix for 6«, eeven for 78, eight for 83.
nine for S3, ten for !i3.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler — Ballsy Maidens. Runs. Wick.
If. C. Casidy M | 1 23 1
O. N. Taylor 54 3 8 2
E. H. M. Lannowe. 72 4 19 3
E. H. Wllkos 60 - 0 32 2
H. D. Bowly 15 1 3 0
Wilkes bowled a wide ball and three no
balls.
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB.
•
The Pacific cricket eleven defeated
the Alameda team yesterday in the
match on the ground at "Webster street,
Alameda, by the handsome margin^of
104 runs. This victory was due to the
excellent batting of Wllkes (104) and
Wilding (58). When five wickets were
down for 197 Captain Myers called the
Innings. Harold Ward was the most
successful of the Alameda bowlers,
capturing four wickets for 63 runs.
Wilkes' score included five fours.
The Alameda team were all out for
93 runs, Lannowe capturing three
wickets. Dr. Taylor and Wilkes two
each and Casidy one. The best score
was Harold Ward's 26. The full details
follow:
The rank and file of the men who fol
low boxing do not think for a moment
that Jeffries is afraid of Munroe, or o?
any other man. The true Inwardness of
the affair is expected to develop shortly.
"If the forfeit is posted by Jeffries
to-day I will take my miner away with
me to the East about the middle of the
week, and if it is not posted we will
make our get-away on Tuesday morn
ing. There are many engagements la
the East to occupy our attention at the
present time. I do not see any use in
hanging around these parts in quest of
more champions — especially the kind
who will not fight."
There Is a growing impression that
the apparent apathy of the public to
ward the bis fight Ls at the bottom ot
Jeffries' sudden indisposition. He wa3
fit to fight for the championship ten.
days ago. and If a big attendance had
been in sight the fight would probably
have been decided by thi3 time.
The final echoes of the sayings about
the heavy-weight championship fight
are dying away, and within the next
few days the general public will have
forgotten all about the big fellows.
It is expected the forfeits £or the pro
posed meeting in August will be posted
to-day. At least they should be posted,
and Harry Pollock says there will be
no stage* money in the transaction thi*
time, lie is desirous of getting a
glimpse at the hue of Jeffries' coin and
wants to see it in the hands of a repu
table stakeholder, like Harry Corbett.
Pollock, in company with Manager
James Ccff roth of the Yosemite Club,
arrived last night from Harbin Springs.
The trip to the stronghold of the cham
pion did not serve to increase the Xe\v
Yorker's admiration for the big fellow.
He has all kinds of things to say about
Jeff, and naturally they are chiefly un
complimentary.
"I spoke my mind rather freely to the
champion," said Pollock last night. 'I
think I had a license to do so, for I
found him in bed looking as big as the
side of a house and more bale and
hearty than he has ever appeared be
fore. That sore knee? Oh, I forgot it.
It's a joke. That knee is good enough
for any cham»ion to fight with, but
Jeffries does not like the game he's up
against, and, of course, the sore knee
complaint comes in quite handy under
the circumstances.
San Francisco Turners' Schuetzen. monthly
medal shoot— F. J. Klatzel. 163. 147; Charles
Peach. 1.'.7. 151: A. Furth. 110. 132; William
XoMen, 131. 134: Benjamin Jonas, 1M; F.
Messerschmidt. 113, 1W: H. En*e. 210, 204;
D. David.«on. 137. 71: Charles Sajtehcrn. H2.
107: M. Nagel. 92. 71: C. N'ellsen. 177. 171;
Jrwnh Etraub. 177. 16TI: Captain F. A. At
tlnger. 193, 1*0: Captain F. Kommer. 165.
170; August Jungblut. 1S4. 198: Otto Bur
meister, 1«7. 1*7. Adolrh Utschtg. 165. 135;
Adam Brehm. 164: J. Mahr. 11B. 143.
San Francisco Grutl! Shooting Section,
monthly bullssye shoot — First prize. O. Imdorf;
second. A. de FlUpp!: third. Georjre H. Hauaer;
fourth. A. Etuder; fifth. M. Waeber; sixth. J.
Furrer; seventh. M. Gysln; eighth. Theodore
Slmmen.
Pistol annex — George M. Barley 02.88, T. J.
Carroll 80.76, Chris Meyer 75.67, F. J. Povey
75.M, Emil Woenne «8.«7. C. von Hartwlg
67. T.9, Phllo Jacoby 58. Frank t>. Smith 41,
John C. Waller 30.39.
All California marksmen will be
pleased to learn that Adolph Strecker
of this city, who won the kingship at
the last bundes festival, stands first
with 70 rings on the honor target at
the Fourth Bundes festival just con
cluded in Xew York. W. F. Blasse
has 68 rings to his credit.
In the contest for the kingship Dr.
Hudson of Xew York was high with
the excellent score of 219 rings to his
credit in 100 shots — a phenomenal
score and the highest ever made at a
king shoot. In this contest Adolph
Strecker of this -city finished second,
making the good score of 193 points,
three less than the score with which
he won the kingship at the last bundes
festival. The scores at Schuetzen
Park:
California Schnetzen Club, monthly ballseye
shoot — J. Slmmen ft"5, C. gasehorn 1237. F. J.
Povey 90S, Otto Bremer 630. L. J. Reubold
655, M. F. Hartter 4S1, C. von Hartwls 503.
J L. Utschiff S04, G. M. Barley 51S, F. A.
Attinger 174U, G*>org« Ahn-ns M5. J. C. Waller
124«. Emil Wotnne 716. H. Enge 1181. F. A.
Schrnmrff 81O. William Noldwi 877. C. Zhn
mermann 1380. E. Werlen 1247, Joseph Straub
1«W, A. Studer 1174. A. B«rtels<?n S25, H.
Gckmann 10S5. Phllo Jacoby 1308. William
McCracken »03. Chrt.« Meyer 126.1. Captain J.
E. KUJn 1944, A. von Wyl 1807. F. Suter
2349, A. Itahwyler 2387. Otto Bunnelster 83S.
John Jones 244.1. A. Jungblut 2C42. C. Sonning
»en 2221, Ed Englander 1796. F. C. Hajrerup
29Ot, L. Wllle 577. Frank Rlede 1700, T. J.
Carroll 1147. Fred L«ver3 1500. Adam Brehm
2;«4. F. Bertelsen 668.
California Schuetzen Club, prize winners at
bullseye shoot:
- In the Turners' competition H. Enge
was high man with 201 and 204 rings
to his credit. Captain F. Attinger was
his "closest competitor, with 193.
O. Imdorf of the Grutli Shooting Sec
tion carried off first honors in the
bullseye contest with a good center
shot. His nearest competitor was A.
de Filippi.
The rifle ranges at Schuetzen Park
presented a busy scene yesterday.
Members of the California Schuetzen
Club, Grutli Shooting Section and the
Turner's Schuetzen were all oc
cupied in an effort to outdo each other
at the targets. M. F. Hartter of the
California Schuetzen Club was high
man of the day in the bullseye contest,
with a score of 481 points.
L. Wille, the Tyrolean sharpshooter,
surprised his new comrades by the
ease with which he placed center shots.
He finished third.
Outside of the championship match
there was but little play yesterday.
Following are the scores of the prac
tice matches of the day: C. J. Smith
and C. G. Kuehn beat Clarence Griffin
and James A. Code 6-2. 6-4, 5-7; H.
Spring beat E. P. Robbins 6-3; H.
Haight beat M. Long 6-3. 6-4. 7-5; M.
Johnson beat C G. Kuehn 7-5, 6-0.
Thus ended the second annual com
petition for the handsome silver trophy
presented to the California Tennis Club
by J. D. Grant as an emblem of the
championship of San Francisco. It has
to be won three times by the same
player before becoming his permanent
ly. MacGavin was the first winner,
and now he hands it over to Murdock
to retain for one year, and longer if
he can.
Murdock started out to make a run
away match of it. running the score
up to h-l before MacGavin shook oif
the listless style of play with which
he started. When his opponent needed
but one point to win the first set he
seemed to awake to the situation, and
by exerting himself retrieved that
game and took the next, making the
score 5-3, and arousing the hopes of his
friends. . Murdock put an end to this
brief rally by taking the next game
handily, and with it the set. The fol
lowing is <he complete score: 6-3, 6-8,
6-4. 6-3.
MacGavin, on the other hand, affect
c-d the back court, seldom going up to
the net, and probably his defeat was
largely due to this, though few men
could have beaten Murdock's net play.
A new tennis champion took his place
yesterday at the head of the list of
the racket wielders. Before the largest
crowd of spectators ever gathered on
the California Club courts, Percy Mur-
Uock of Alameda, the challenger,
wrested the championship 1 from J.
Drummond MacGavin, the holder of
the trophy and titlg for the past year.
Murdock won decisively and on his
merits, taking three sets out of four.
The spectators saw some good tennis,
though both players were somewhat
overcautious. This detracted from
MacGavins game, as he is spectacular
when at his best at driving and smash
ing. The match was closer than the
figures of the score indicate, «ls every
point was stubbornly contested, many
ot" the games seesawing from deuce to
vantage and back again repeatedly be
fore eithtr player could win. The spec
tators followed the play with great in
terest. Excitement ran high and con
tinued throughout the match, and the
applause was frequent and impartial.
Murdock proved his right to the
championship by strong, consistent
skillful play throughout the tourna
ment, lie was not fortunate in the
drawing, having to fight his way from
the preliminaries to the position of
challenger against a succession of the
strongest players of the California and
the Park olubs. He won all the way
on his merits, losing but one set in the
tournament, and but one against the
champion. He played the net game
persistently yesterday, invariably fol
lowing up his service. Few players
have shown more brilliantly at the net
than he did. His volleying of Mac-
Gavin's lightning drives and his cross
court strokes have seldom been excel
led.
The East will claim it Is a distinct
victory, but this will be combated by
Western critics, who will point out the
fact that Highball is a Western colt,
having been bred by T. J. Carson at
Dixonia stud in Kentucky. His trainer,
J. U. May, is a Kentucky man and does
all of his winter and early spring train
ing at Menjphis. The horse has never
raced anywhere but in the East, and
being owned by a Xew Yorker, he will
be claimed as an Eastern horse. Some
of the horsemen will not admit that
Highball is the best colt. Ben Phillips,
who trained English Lad, said to-day:
"I will run my colt against Highball
within forty-eight or seventy-two
hours. I would like to arrange a
special match before Highball returns
to Xew York Just to see what they can
do when th*»re is nothing else in tns
race to bother them. Let them carry
the same weights and race to-morrow
or Tuesday at a mile ana a half or a
mile and a quarter. I don't care which.
The same boys to ride and all other
conditions to be what they were yes
terday. Then we will see a horse race."
When the proposition was made-ln an
unofficial way to "Bud" May, the
trainer of Highball, he smiled and said
he would ship his horses back East.
"Highball has some engagements on
the Eastern tracks that are valuable,
and we are anxious to return there,"
May said. "It would not pay us to re
main in the West. I like It out here,
being practically a Western man, and
would like nothing better than the
pleasure of seeing Highball defeat Eng
lish Lad once more, for he surely would
do so. But even a side bet of $5000 or
more would not tempt me.!'
"Bud" May, who trained Highball,
had almost to quarrel with W. M.
Scheftel, the owner of the horse, before
the Xew York millionaire would permit
him to shiD the son of Ben Strom« to
Chicago. Scheftel was so badly disap
pointed over the result of the Brooklyn
Derby a week ago In New York that he
at once declared the horse out of the
race. May's advice finally prevailed
and Highball was shiped West.
CHICAGO, June 19.— Highball Is the
king: of three-year-olds. By winning
the American Derby yesterday the son
of Ben Mrome clearly and decisively
won the title. The Eastern cold demon
strated his superiority in a fashion long
to be remembered.
Special Dirratch to The Call.
Munroe's Manager Has Lot of
Uncomplimentary Things
to Say About Big Fellow
San Francisco Crack First
on Honor Target Event
at the Bundes Festival
Harold W r ard's Team Greatly
Weakened by Absence of
Some Members on Holiday
Son of Fetter Free-Dawn.
Favored by Hare, Beats
Renegade Apache for Stake
Spectators Throng Courts
and Cheer Wildly as the
Game Waxes Interesting
Bud May Unable to Accept
the Challenge of Phillips,
Who Trains English Lad
POLLOCK SPEAKS MIND
FANCY FREE A WINNER
WILKES MAKES CENTURY
MATCH RACE DECLINED
EXCITEMENT RUNS HIGH
STRECKEE LANDS PEIZE
Murdock Takes the Tennis
Laurels From J. D. Mac-
Gavin in a Great Match
Scarlet and Blacks Prove
Winners by a Margin of
More Than Hundred Buns
310SKIMAX*S -TIMELY HIT
Roach Weakens in Eleventh
Kound and Commuters Bat
Three Tallies Over Pan
Medical 3Ian Starts Kally
for Oakland With a Two-
Ba^rger Against the Fence
O\erall and \M«alcn Each Do Some
Star Slab Work.
TACOMA. Wash., June 19. — Jimmy
Whalen broke San Francisco's losing
streak by pitching his team to victory
this morning. A shutout was pre
vented by bunching Lynch's pingie'And
two-base hits by Casey and McDonald
in one inning. McDonald, a new
southpaw, showed up fairly well
after being out of the game. An in
ar.d-out game was played in the after
r.ooa with the locals getting the big
*nd. Well placed hits and scientific
sr-.criScing helped San Francisco to
t ;ve. With one to the bad the Tigers
von out in the seventh in a grand-
F^tnd rally. McLaughlin triple!.
Hogan doubled. Overall sacrificed and
Nordyke hit for two bases, bringing
in enough to win. Overall pitched a
pood game and outpointed Yerkes, al
though the latter was effective at
times. Both teams fielded in splendid
ftyle. Nordyke and Hogan led the
batters, while Miller and Irwin did
t-ome exceptionally clever work in the
tif-ld. Scores:
(Morninn eatne.)
Tacctna — i Kan Francisco —
AB. R. H. P.A. i AB. R. H.P.A.
Dojta.rf 4 0 0 11 ifi:i<T.2b 4 1112
t-::hn.3b 4 O O 0 2 Hild'b.lf 4 1110
X'rkclh 2 O O 10 1 Uarrtucf 4 12 4 0
r c».:; « 3 O 1 S 4 M« ar.y.rf 3 0 12 0
I; T.'h.cf 4 112 1 Ir\.m..«b 5 1112
' ««*r.-'b 4 115 3 :rwj,lb 4 1 1 11 1
ISCI/B.U 4 O © 1 O -ArA't'a.% 4 O O 3 4
•i hm.c 4 O 0 S 1 Gorton.c 4 0 13 1
McD'd.p 2 0 112 ,Wha!«n,p 4 1114
Totals 31 2 « 27 15 • Totals 04 « 9 27 14
EUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tir-cmi O 2 O 0 O O 0 O O — 2
H*»* hit* O '. <• .. m i. •• 1 O — 4
i-^n Francisco O2IO3OO0 «» — <>
P-*e« h:u 02204001 0— 9
SUMMARY.
LIiT'irs — Dcyl», Mcl^aiyth!!n. Nord>k< 1 . An
''«>rson. cut — By McDonald 5. by Wfca
!«>n 4. Btspes on balls— Br iI<-Dona!d 3 by
Whalen 3. lilt by pitcher — Br Whalen 1.
¦VVIH1 pitch— Mcl>on«5<l. Ptjrlen ba»«— Doyle.
Two-tate hits — Casej-. McI>3rAld, Towcuend,
Whi>a.' Doub> {,l»y* — Shefhan to Casty to
Norfij'k'. Irurln to Anierrcn to Tcwns*nd. Left
on ha*** — Tacotna t. Pan Frandsco 4. Time
of gam* — On* tour and thirty minutes. I'm
1; ire— O' Connell.
AftPrn'WO f»r» —
Tacoma — { Ban Francisco —
A.R. H. P.A. I A.R. H. P.A.
rv>>U».rf. 3 <» 0 2 <»|MilJ«\21>. S 1 1 7 3
«h«««h.5»>. 4 12 0 2 HIMob.lf 4 112 1
N'onik.lb. 3 1 3 13 a.Waldr.of. 5 0 2 10
':«:¦' . 3 0 0 1 3 Mean.rf. 4 0 12 0
Uynch.cf. 4 « O 2 «-'. Irwin 3b. 3 10 0 3
r.sf-yCb. 4 0 10 4 Toiaiib. 4 12 9 1
M<L*.If. 4 113 0 t *B<5<T».». Z O 1 O 4
Horan.e. 3 13 5 1 'J'jrton.c 3 0 O 4 2
Overal.p. O 2 O 1 «,rerk«,p. 3 10 0 3
Tctaie.W 6 10 27 171 Tota!*.S4 5 8 24 17
KUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Tacoma 0 0 3 0 O 1 2 0 x «5
Baw* hit* 20*01 180 x— 1C
San Francisco ..1 OO2O2OO 0 S
Base h!ta 301 20021 0 — 8
SUMMARY.
Erron — Es*n. CK-^rail. Strack ont— By
Overall 3. by Yerke* 1. Ba*e on bal!«— Ry
Overall 2. br Yerkes 1. Ftolen ba»e — Miller.
Two-hue blti — Nordyke 2. Iloran, Hlia»hrand
Mear.y. Thr*«-baji* hlt» — tbethan. l!cL*ut;h
itn. Sacrifice hit* — Overall 8, iJcjIe. E*ran.
H il4et>ran<I. AndTKa, Gorton. Double play
Hlldrbrand to Gorton. Left on base* — Tacoma
4. San Franci»co 7. Time of (amc — 1 hour 35
minute*. Umpire — O'Connell.
HONORS EVES IP AT TACOMA.
PORTLAND. June 19.— When Moski
man slammed the ball against the
richt field fence after Schiatley had
s-ingled in the eighth inning this after
noon, there was nothing to it but Oak
land, so the commuters won by a score
• •f 4 to 1. Muskiir.an's hit tied the
KCcre. For seven innings the game
was more than worth the money. Roach
and Cooper were the masters at arms
and they delighted the crowd.
For six and a half innings Oakland
could not g-et a man past second. In
the teventh Thielman shot to left for
i wo ba?es. and Beck sacrificed. Thiel
i:ian scored when Francis died on a
pop fly. back of first.
Oakland found Roach for a single
and a double in the eighth. In the
next tvy innings Roach held the com
muters safe, but he weakened in the
eleventh and the game was lost. The
score:
lVrt:*n<!— Oakand—
A.B R. H. T.A. A.U.R. H. P.A.
Nfcd-u.lf. i O 2 1 «.i Gany.rf.. 6 0 2 4 0
M.<T.2b. 4 « O 1 4 Fr:icks,s. 5 0 2 6 1
TbWaxf. 4 1 3 l x Ducv.cf 5 0 1 C 0
IWk.ifc.. 3 O I IS 0 5 1 1 3 J
Kr:i.>..ffc. 4 « 2 3 3 Mj*kn.lf. !S 1 2 O U
<-a«ro.s. 4 0 11 € D»vrx.3b 4 0 11 2
S f *rv rf. 4 0 O 4 1 .-trrb.Jb 5 1 2 9 <*
Fteeim.e. 4 0 1 « OByniMc. 5 114 2
B s.h.p. 4 6 <> 1 SCoopcr.'p. 5 O 2 O 2
Tcta!F.36 1 SB tgj TotaJ».4A 4 14 33 8
RUNS AND HIT? BT INNINGS.
P'.rtiaiid imi ft «l ft n 1 <• O 0 0 — 1
Rs.«e hit* 1210101OO20— 8
O»klanl liODOOOOl (1OJ- ?
Bas» hits n i i : i : : o « s— 1*
SUMMARY.
Sacrifice hit — !>*-ck. Errors— fteelTan i2>.
BUdca bate* — McOrwiie, Byrnes. Pa^»s on
t«!!f — Off Hoach 1, Struck out— By Hoa<* h 4.
by Cooper 3. T»c-ba*» bit*— Francis. 8tr»ih.
Gan>y, Tr-.!»:rraa. M-.s-kiman. rv?ub!e r^l"* —
Itnach to B«-k De^'ripaui to Strath. l>>'t on
b«f*» — Portland Z. Oakland !>. Flrrt ba«- on
»rr.T» — Oakland. .Time of same — 2 hours 20
minutfs. Umpire — Bro»"B».
Sjiecial Dispatch to The Call
STANDING OF THE CLTBS.
t Pacific Coast league.)
W. L. Prt.| W. L. Pet.
Tacom* 45 3i 5O« S»att> 41 37 .SiO
lvs- Angeles. « 5 C5 .otfj; .-an Fran 35 44.443
I'akUnd 44 35 -K7 iPortlan.l 25 50\3.«
Sacramento Greyhound Con
tinues His Victorious Ca
reer on Coursing Field
Marksman From California
Schuetzen Scores a Total
of 481 at Target Kange
Horsemen Proclaim Eastern
Colt the Greatest Three-
Year-Old of the Day
Champion Is Expected to Put
Up Money Guaranteeing
His Appearance in August
KINGLY CROWN
FOR HIGHBALL
PACIFIC ELEVEN
BEATS ALAMEDA
CROWD GREETS
NEW CHAMPION
BROWNIES LOSE
A GREAT GAME
JEFF MAY POST
FORFEIT TO-DAY
HARTTER LEADS
ALL OPPONENTS
BARGE DEFEATS
SPEEDY McVEI
MUNROE'S MANAGER STILL HAS DOUBTS AS TO EARNESTNESS OF CHAMPION JEFFRIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. JUNE 20, 1904.
A monumental work of reference, an
encyclopedia ¦ of sixteen large ! Volumes,
Is just -being published In *Cew York
City. Whether by'deslgn oraccident.
not a page is numbered.
After an all night of it with "com
pany." Mrs. Ida Stewart was so over
come with shame and remorse that sha
tried to asphyxiate herself at S23
Jones street. The landlady discovered
gas and Mrs. Stewart was sent to the
Receiving Hospital and resuscitated.
Her husband took her to their home.
ISO Ellis street. SjSg
Ida Stewart's Remorse.
Seattle Defeats Los Angeles.
SEATTLE, June 19. — The game to
day resulted in a victory for Seattle.
Th<* score:
Bottle — i Lob Anjrelrs —
AB. R. H. P.A.i AB. R. H. P.A.
Van H.c* 4 0 0 5 0 Tomtn.n 4 O 1 « 1
McM'r^b 3 10 4 3 Flood.Zb 3 12 0 3
Delb'y.Sb 4 110 1 WhTr.Sb 4 0 0 0 2
Frlsfc.lf 3 112 0 Bern'd.cf 4 0 O 2 O
SirUth.rf 4 0 110 CraVh.rf 4 O 1 O 0
Br'rh'.lb 3 0 O « 1 Chasc.lb 4 O 1 7 0
Hall.rs 3 0 0 2 2 Roes. If 3 O O 2 0
nrk'p.c 4 O O S 1 Fpics.c 3OO71
Iluches.p 2 0 12 0 Nrwton.p 3 0 0 0 2
ToUle 30 3 4 27 8,' TcUls 32 1 S 2t 9
RUNS AJCD HITS BY [SXIKG&
£catUc 0 O O 0 O 2 1 O z— 3
Base hit* OOOO1 300 z — 4
Los Ancelea OOO0OO0O 1 — 1
Ca«e bits 0 0 10 0 110 2— -5 I
SUMMARY.
Errors — Flood <S), Wheeler (2), CVa
rcth. £i>ie*. Tm>-U»» hits— Flood <2). Sac
rifice hit— IlalL Bases on balls— Off Newton
:• off Hm^tes 1. Hit with ball — Br Newton 1.
Struck out— By Newton «, by Huffhes*3. Left
on bases— Seattle 10. Los AnjreJes S. Time of
rune — One hour and thirty-five minutes. I'm
ptrea — McCarthy and McDonald.
William Gearhardt, a stableman em
ployed by the lumber firm of S. H.
Harmon & Co. in its stable at 6
Charles place, was accidentally
asphyxiated yesterday by escaping gas
from a defective meter. Gearhardt
was found dead in bed by Robert Zlnk
of 62 Clementina street. The dead
man had a roont on the second floor of
the stdbles and had • evidently retired
as" usual ; Saturday night. He never
woke again, being smothered by the
deadly monoxide while he slept, total
ly unconscious that the meter below
the floor of his room was leaking. The
corpse was removed to the Morgue.
The gas company, was ordered. to re
pair the broken meter.
Broken Meter Causes Death.
First race — Diamond Flush, Del
canta, Aeronaut.
Second race — De Reszke. 31 artinmas.
Homestead.
Third race ¦ — Incantation. Fancy
DresS, Lady Frances.
Fourth 'j race — ; Savable, Dekaber,
Biijrand. '
Filth race— Pulsus, Jacquln. Stal
wart. •
Sixth race — Stuvye, Wild Thyme,
Dainty.
SHEEfSIIEAD BAY SELECTIONS.
Four'h racft, one and an eighth miles, handi
cap — Major Daingerfield 123, Eavable 122. Car-
Third race, five furlongs. Futurity course,
the Rosebud Stakes — Incantation • 115, Lady
France* 110. Belle Sauvage 105. Salt and Pep
per 105. Raiment 105 Ascot Belle 105, Fancy
Drees 105.
NEW YORK, June 19. — Savable
will be a starter to-morrow In the
handicap at Sheepshead Bay. The
day's entries follow: -x^ ~:'\]:-
First, race, fire and a half furlong* of
Eclipse course, maidens — Diamond Flash 120
Crusher 113. Prince Joseph 115, Hot Shot 115
Dtlcanta 115. Jerry C 115, Ked Reynard 115,
Agent 115, Bill Bailey II 115. Aeronaut 113,
Only One 115, Lindsay Gordon 115. Coucr de
Leon 115, M\xey More 112. Benlala 112.
Second race, one mile, selling — Cinclnnatua
107. De Reezke 108, Francesco 103 Martin
mas 103. Homestead 102, Sir Ship 102 Colonel
ITSter 110. Durazzo OS. Irascible 08, Bolina f>8.
Bob Murphy 98. The Rhymer 88.. Ethics 9s.
Onatus 96, CbampUIn 00. Gold Dome 100.
Ak.la 110. — .
SHEEPSHEAD BAY ENTRIES.
11Reliable gas ranges $16 50, regular
price $20. this week only at S.- F. Gas
& Electric Co., 415 Post st •
George Allen, a teamster, who lived
at 1722 Twelfth avenue, South San
Francisco, died at the City and County
Hospital yesterday morning from a
fractured skull. His body was re
moved to the Morgue. Late Saturday
night he asked Policeman Flynn, who
was standing at the corner of Tennes
see and Twenty-second streets, to di
rect him to the nearest car, as he
wanted to go home. Flynn did. so.
and after Allen had walked about half
a block he was seen fo stagger against
a telegraph pole and fall backward.
He was picked up in an unconscious
condition and sent to the. hospital. He
.was a married man.
Dies From Fractured Skull.
Laborers* Protective^ Union No
9S4 4 gave Its first picnic yesterday at
Glen Park. More than 1500 people
attended and listened to addresses by
E. J. P- O'Riley. president of the
union: Michael J. Fox, who originally
organized the union, and P. H. Mc-
Carthy, - president of the Building
Trades Council. McCarthy denounced
President Roosevelt for not interfering
in the trouble in Colorado, and in
formed his. hearers that they should
stand . for organized labor under all
circumstances.
Games and dances were indulged in
by the picnickers and a number of
prizes were awarded. The laborers
won the tug of war from the hod
carriers by a steady pull. The picnic
was pronounced a financial success.
P. H. McCarthy Denounces President
Roosevelt for Not Interfering In
the Colorado Strike.
IiABOREBS' PROTECTIVE UXTON'
GIVES PICXIC AT GLEX PARK
They were seen by the manager
and ran. The manager "jumped on a!
bicycle and started in pursuit. He
was joined by Policemen Carr and
Maloney. Beattie was captured after
running four blocks. Aguilar and Mc-
Knight were arrested later and De
tective Mulcahy recovered the stolen
bicycle. \
• The three boys were booked at the
City Prison on a charge of burglary
and were later sent to the Central
Emergency Hospital to wait their ap
pearance in the Juvenile Court. Me--
Knight has been in trouble before for
petty thefts. • ;/:.;! >'^-:
George Beattle, Artie Agullar and
Wallace McKnlgrht, each ' about .14
ye*ars of age,- broke into the Japanese
store of the Uyeda Company, 422
Geary street, about noon yesterday
and stole a bicycle belonging to the
manager, which was in a rear room
with two others. They took It to
McKnight's home at 1021 Clay street
and returned to the store to get an
other one. .
THREE BOYS ARRESTED
ON BURGLARY CHARGE
Bnrnett'n Extract of Vanilla pre
pared from selected Vanilla Beana. *
Mrs. N. P. Cole Jri, at Chicago and
with her he will visit Niagara Falls.
Mr. and Mrs. E. O. RIeser of Ash
bury Heights are making a tour of
Southern California.
.Charles Rehn and- his -pretty daugh
ter Charlotte have started for tho
East. .They will visit the. World's .Fair
and' later spend some* time with rela
tives.
An Excellent Opportunity,
For visitors to the' World's Fair to see
the East Reduced rates to. New York
and other Eastern cities ' are now in ef
fect, via the Pennsylvania Lines,
through either Chicago or St. ' Louis.
Tickets to New York and Philadelphia
are good- via -Washington.- allowing ten
days at the national capital. Stopovers
are also allowed at Baltimore and Phila
delphia. For particulars, ask E. M. Pom
eroy.P. 1 C. A., ,621 Market . street. San
Francisco.' '• ' •
Philip N. Aronson, at 2202 California
street.
¦ • • '.
Mr. and Mrs. Jacob Bock, Miss Ruth
Bock and Mr. and Mrs. Leo Allenberg
have gone to Ben Lomond for the
summer.
Mrp. A. Schwartz and family are
spending the summer In San Rafael.
Mrs. M. Meyse of Chino is visiting
her sister, Mrs. A. Falk, at. 2789 Clay
street.
The Misses Adelaide and Jennie
Cherry left last week for St. Louis to
visit the World's Fair and other points
of interest. They will jreturn by way
of the Grand Canyon of the Colorado
and Los Angeles.
Mrs. C. Fahey and Miss Lillian
Fahey have returned to San Antonio,
Tex. Miss Fahey has been visiting
her aunt, Mrs. C. M. Duffy, and was
a student at the California School of
Design.
The outgoing G^and .Jury gave a
dinner at the Jefferson Square Club
Wednesday evening. The secretary, . G.
Trittenbach, was presented with a
handsome souvenir by his fellow mem
bers to show their appreciatjon of his
valuable services. The foreman. Max
L. Rosenfeld, was also presented -with
a memento, which was beautifully in
scribed. After the dinner the party
enjoyed bowling at the club and then
Mr. Rosenfeld provided touring cars
for a trip through the park and along
the ocean boulevard and return.
Among' those present were Moscrs.
Trittenbach. Madison,. Hllp. Mattlson.
Mundy, Coburn, Charles SutnvC. W.
Sutro, De Boon, O'Dwyer, Devery,
Wheelan, Gallagher, Dalziel and Ros
enfeld.
Professor W. W. Stone, principal of
the James Lick Grammar School,
started east on a trip to St. Louis on
Thursday. He will meet his daughter,
YOUXTVILLE. June 19.— On Satur
day evening an inspection of Unity
Post at the Veterans' Home here waa
hold by Colonel C. T. Rice, department
commander of California and Nevada,
G. A, R- Accompanying Colonel Rice
were the following-named members of
his staff: Senior Vice Commander D. r.
Stoner. Assistant Inspector Adolph
Hronada. Aid Thomas R. Burgoyne and
Department Judge Advocate Colonel
Henry C. Dibble. During the evening
all assembled at social hall, where the
members of the home gave a cordial
welcome to the distinguished officials.
The department commander and the
members of his etaff were each called
upon for speeches and each in turn ad
dressed their comrades, referring feel
ingly to the services rendered their
country during the civil war.
Colonel J. C. Currier, member of the
board of directors of the home, wel
comed the visitors on behalf of the di
rectors in a few well chosen words.
Colonel George W. Walts, command
ant of the home, made a few appro
priate remarks by way of a welcome.
Captain J. J. Lyon. quartermaster and
commissary, made a brief but interest
ing speech.
Mrs. Dibble, as a representative or
the Woman's Relief Corps, made a. few
remarks and was most enthusiasti
cally received by the veterans. Some of
the patriotic airs werA well sung by
Major George C. Crall.
This morning the regular line inspec
tion of the members of the home was
held. About 400 veterans passed in re
view, and marched in good time to tha
Inspiring music rendered by the* veter
ans' home band.
Special Di»r>atch to The Call
Line Review .Is Held and
Pour Hundred Old Soldiers
March to Inspiring 3Insie
SPEECHES FELICITOUS
Within an hour yesterday morning
the Coroner's office was notified of the
death of three men, all presumably
from natural causes. Aaron Doug
lass, an upholsterer, who lived at 874
Mission street, took a- drink in a saloon
at Fifth and Jessie streets. As he
left the saloon to cross the street he
staggered and fell dead. He was 55
years of age.
Herman Bode, 4 Simpson place, had
been drinking heavily for more than
a week and when he got home shortly
after midnight he fell in the hallway.
The landlord, Thomas Houlihan, and
others carried him to his room and
put him to bed. Yesterday morning
he was heard moaning as if in pain.
A physician was called from St.
Mary's Hospital. He found Bode
dead. Deceased was 50 years of age.
H. White, about 70 years of age,
engaged a room at 607 California
street on Saturday night and was
found dead in bed yesterday morning.
He looked very sickly when engaging
the room, and heart disease or pneu
monia is supposed to have been the
cause of death.
One Expires on Street, Two In ,Thcir
Rooms, Ench From -Natural
Cause.*.
DEATHS OF THREE MEN*
REPORTED IX AX HOUR
Officers of California and Xe
vada G. A. K. Inspect
Unity Post at Yountville
VETERANS HEAR
OLD COMMANDS
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. M. Levy and sister of Louis Levy,
deputy health officer, and the groom
is the son of A. Belasco and brother
of David and Frederick Belasco. He
is at present treasurer at. the Alcazar
Theater and has won a host of friends
during his occupancy of the nflice.,
The presents received by the young
couple are numerous and in most In
stances elaborate, consisting of caskets
of chased silverware and some exquis
ite tapestries and /rare gems. David
Belasco sent his brother a substan
tial check as his gift and Mr. and Mrs.
Fred Belasco's present was no less
generous and thoughtful.
Among: those who took the oppor
tunity to show their appreciation of
the bride and groom were the members
of the Alcazar and Central theaters,
who were prodigal in their wedding
gifts.
The Alcazar orchestra rendered the
music prior to and at tho close of the
ceremony and at the reception.
The bridesmaids were Miss Sadie
Heringhi, Miss Gussie Belasco, daugh
ter of ..David Belasctr, i the dramatist,
and little Reyna and Myrtle Belasco,
nieces of the groom. Horatio Muzzy
was best man.
The ballroom where the wedding took
place was beautifully decorated with
the season's flowers and the corner
where stood the bridegroom and bride
was arranged to represent a' bower.
The marriage of Miss Anne Levy to
Edward Belasco took place at the
handsome residence of Mr. and Mrs.
M. E. Mayer, 1704 Sutter street, yes
terday afternoon in the presence of
a large circle of friends and relatives
of the happy couple. The Rev. Jacob
Nieto performed the marriage cere
mony.
During a free fight in F. J. Hansen's
saloon at 1801 Mission street early yes
terday morning H. Riordan threw a
plate at W. L. Siedletz. a cook, living
at 56 Fourteenth street, striking him
on the nose. Siedlitz was taken to the
Southern Pacific Hospital, where his
injured nose was attended to and Rior
dan was arrested by Policemen Skelly
and Clancy on a charge of assault with
a deadly weapon.
Struck With a Plate.
Fish are fnuni in schools, and yet
they often play hookey.
Trapper's CK1 cu'e* rh»urn»il»m and neuralrl*
*-!•-«.£.s:t. SOc fl*tk Richard * Co.. iuo Clvy.*
In Presence of Many Friends
Edward Belasco Weds
Mice Lew
BENNY BECOMES INSANE — Frank
Bonny, a dfntlst who lives at :KO Ellis street.
»,c<-aroe a nsuniac yesterday. He had been suf
fer.nr from aFthir_a. Henny was eent to the
Receiving Hospital ani1 placed In a padded
cell.
EDWARD BEL.ASCO. WELL
KNOWX THEATRICAL. MAN. AND
MISS ANNE LEVY. HIS BRIDE.
E»(rF»it' transferred to and from all train* #
frftsmers. etc.. at low rat«*. One trunk single
trip* ST. <-»rts; round trip M) rent*. Morton
Fp«c:aJ Delivery. 3OS TaylT St.. C50 Market «U.
Oakland Ferry depot- Fbcam Exchnage 18. •
Notice to Pat>srnsers,
Andrew Johnson of 413 Folsom street
went fishing yesterday afternoon at
Bakers Beach and had an experience
he does not care to repeat soon again.
For sorr.e time he was in danger of
being drowned, but was saved by the
life caving crew from Fort Point after
the Gcldca Gate crew had failed to
launch their boat in the heavy sea.
Johnson left his home early in the
<lay and proceeded to the coast intend
ing to spend the day tishing, as he fre
quently dues on Sunday. Abyut 4
o'clock he reached Bakers Beach and
tcck a position on the rocks which ex
tend out into the ocean, with stretches
of water Ixtween them at high tide but
¦which can be reached when the water
is low by Jumping from rock to rock.
The farther out the better the fishing,
and as Johnson had not had very good
luck near shore he went as far as he
could. Intent on the sport he failed
to notice the rifinp waters, and before
he was aware of his danger his retreat
had been cut off and the breakers be
gan to lash the rock upon which he
stood with increasing fury, for the sea
took on a more dangerous aspect as
the day began to wane.
The dangerous position occupied by
Johnson was recognized from the beach
v.-hen he was F?en signaling for relief.
Word was pent to the Golden Gate life
savins crew and it was found to be
necessary to launch the boat t<> rescue
the man. Strong southwest winds were
blowing, ihrowinR spray high into the
air and causing the sea to break on the
beach with such force that when an
effort was made to launch the lifeboat
it was drivrn back twice and landed
hiph and dry. The man's life was in
danger, and prompt action was neces
sary. Word was telephoned to the Fort
Point crew regarding "the conditions on
the Golden Gate beach and requesting
the Fort Point crew to get the man
rff. That plan was followed and John-
Fon was landed at 6:45 none the worse
for his experience, beyond being wet
and frightened. He went home and
hereafter will watch the tide more
closely when he goes fishing at Bakers
Reach.
Sunday rabbit driving at Golden
Gate Park is making a stronger bid
for popularity every week. Yesterday
the soulful "um-to-tas" of Steindorff's
brasses were almost drowned in the
yells of small boys who chased ' the
elusive cottontails under the benches
and over the lawns of the music con
course.
At this season the feeding in the un
cultivated parts of the park is unpala
table and the rabbits bring their fam
ilies to the cultivated sections. The
crowd of Sunday visitors pouring
toward the Spreckels Music Stand un
intentionally forms a rabbit drive,
penning the little animals within the
barriers of humanity. Then the small
boy shines.
As the strains of the national hymn
blared forth yesterday little Willie Mc-
Grummit, the nine-year-old heir of
John McGrummit of 407 Rose avenue,
was seated quietly between pa and ma.
Suddenly a one-eared rabbit popped out
from under the bench. W.illie was a
sportsman and could not stay. Stein
dorff's most impressive gestures failed
to hold his eye and the noble music of
"America" lost its charms. With a
screech he gave chase.
Over the first bench into a basket
ful of ham sandwiches leaped Willie.
He overturned a baby carriage and,
darting between the colossal legs of a
fat man, sent their owner to earth
with a plaintive "oof."
Pa started after Willie and ma tod
dled behind pa. Two fox terriers and
a bull dog joined in the 'chase. El
bowing, squirming and fighting his
way through the throng went the de
termined huntsman, followed by his
convoy. Before him the white tuft of
the cottontail waved like the plume on
the helmet of Navarre.
A crowd of sedate Germans sat
listening entranced to Schubert's
"Serenade." Suddenly came the cry,
"There he goes!" The next moment
the hare leaped the hurdle of spell
bound Germans and over went their
bench in the surprise of the moment.
The hunters in full cry trotted over
the fallen. Grayhounds may be fleeter,
but Willie had perseverance. People
6Jood on chairs and benches to watch
trie progress of the hunt.
Bunny grew tired and began to look
for escapes. After a weary circle he
leaped up on to the bandstand during
the intermission. The bass horn lay
invitingly near. Here was an invitin?
retreat, thought Bre'r Rabbit, and in
he jumped. With a cry of triumph
little Willie plunged his head and
shoulders into the instrument. He
stuck. For several minutes a bass
horn mounted on a pair of small legs
capered about the platform emitting
more painful sounds than it ever
breathed even in Wagnerian selections.
Then pa extricated his offspring from
the brassware. Little Willie had two
black eyes, hardly any skin on his
face and less clothing on his frame,
but there was a cherubic grin on his
countenance and in his right hand he
held' the one-eared rabbit.
As the band wafted up sweet strains
from "Erminie" a wail that blended
ill with the music arose from the rear
of the bandstand. Little Willie was
getting what was coming to him.
The one-eared rabbit loped quietly
homeward to the sand dunes. .
Sea Too Heavy to Launch
Golden Gate Boat, but the
Fort Point Crew Succeeds
Mrs. Herman N. Butler of New York
is visiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs.
Miss Alice E. Levy and Mervyn Levy
will spend the summer at Capitola.
They will be Joined by Mr. and Mrs.
H. Levy and Miss Flossie Levy.
• • • '\
Mrs. Samuel Leopold, Master Ber
tram S. Leopold and nurse will spend
the summer at Capitola.
The M4sses Kate and Blanche Con
lin of the Native Daughters of the
Golden West left last Monday, accom
panied by their brother, James, for
Laurel Dell, where they will spend a
few weeks.
Mr. and Mrs. Emll Trittenbach, Miss
Maude Trittenbach, Miss Lottie
Foulkes and Louis Foulkes have opened
"Camp Majestic" .at Escalle Station,
M ar in County. They expect to camp
until September 1. having closed their
home on Nineteenth street until that
time.
Mrs. P. Livingston Dunn and her
daughter, Miss Bessie, are staying at
Inverness after their delightful trip to
Yosemite Valley.
PERSONALS.
Mr. and Mrs. S. H. Brown. Mr. and
Mrs. B. J. Joseph, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Lasky, Mr. and Mrs. Lester Lacher.
Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Meyer and Mr. and
Mrs. S. H. Susskind.
The Apropos Whist Club played its
final game for the season at the resi
dence of Mr. and Mrs. B. J. Joseph
on Sunday evening, June 12. At the
close prizes were awarded to J. S.
Meyer and Lester Lacher. An enjoy
able programme followed, after which
supper was served. The next season
will begin the first Sunday in Septem
ber. Those present at the last meet
ing were:
A party was given by the graduating
class of the Columbia Grammar School
to Miss Agnes Hanson, one of the grad
uates. The house was decorated with
smilax and ferns. The young people
spent a pleasant evening dancing and
playing games.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick V. Meyers,
Mr. and Mrs. James M. Bocarde, Mr.
and Mrs. Timothy J. Crowley, Ilr. and
Mrs. Packer Jr.. Mr. and Mrs. R. F.
Robert*. Mr. and Mrs. Ben Selig, Mr.
and Mrs. William Shaughnessy and
Mr. and Mrs. Jame~ F. Swift.
On Saturday evening, June 11. a
banquet was tendered to the members
of the "Jolly Sixteen Whist Club" by
its president, Frederick V. Meyers, in
the banquet room of a down town res
taurant. It. was a charming affair,
oriental decorations and gay-hued lan
terns with masses of greens and pop
pies making an attractive scene.
Speeches, toasts, recitals, stories, songs
and music enlivened the evening's
pleasure. During the evening William
Shaughnessy. on behalf of the mem
bers, presented to Mr. and Mrs. Meyers
a handsome cut j^lass vase. President
Meyers responded, thanking the mem
bers with appropriate remarks. Mr3.
Meyers was a very charming hostess.
Those present were:
CLUB PARTIES.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
F. W. Wrede. Mr. and Mrs. F. Hell
wig, Miss Mildred Nauert. Gus
Naucrt, Alvarado; Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam R. Stulz. Oakland; Miss Lizzie
Wrede. Mi.«s Stillwater, Miss Marie
Kaiser, F. Wrede, Mr. Slocum, San
Francisco; Misses Bertha and Louisa
May, A. May. Miss Mae Peterman,
Haywards: Mr. and Mrs. William
Schafer. Mr. and Mrs. A. A. Oliver. Mr.
and Mrs. E. Oliver. Mr. and Mrs. J. C.
Penke, Mr. and Mrs. J. Robinson, Miss
Verona Meininger. Miss Annie Eden,
Miss Grace Clarriter. Misses Tena, Ma
tilda and Anna Wrede. . Messrs. J.
Bockman, F. Bockman. William Bock
nian. Henry Oliver, A. C. Frank and
Henry Schafer.
The reception tendered the newly
married couple, Mr. and Mrs. F. W.
Wrede, at the home of the groom's
mother at Mt. Eden on Saturday even
ing, was a delightful affair. The
grounds were illuminated with Japan
ese lanterns, making a "fitting setting
for the festivities. The guests were re
ceived by the Misses Wrede. After
musical selections supper was served
in the summer house, which had been
decorated with bamboo and evergreens.
Henry Schafer, brother of the bride,
acted as toastmaster.
Miss Berenice Van Gelder was hostess
at a delightful luncheon at her home on
Pierce street last Saturday. The lunch
eon was given in honor of Miss Geral
dine Pabst of Oakland. The table was
beautifully decorated and plates were
ret for eight young people. Those pres
ent wore: Miss Berenice Van Gelder,
Miss Geraldine Pabst, Miss Maud Mur
deck. Miss Ruby Irving. Miss Edna
Robinson of Oakland, Miss Lillian Van
Gelder. Miss Roberta Murdoch and Miss
Rose Blume.
HOME PARTIES.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Brack Sr. of Lodi
celebrated their golden wedding on
Thursday, June 9, at their residence,
west of Woodbridge.
A pretty June wedding was that of
Miss Lucy C. Haskins and Claude
liensonT which took place at the home
of the bride's sister, Mrs. H. C. Carl
sen. Rev. John A. B. Wilson offici
ated. The attendants were A. R.
Haskins. the bride's uncle, and Miss
Addie C. Haskins, the bride's sister.
The young bride was beautifully at
tired and carried Bride roses. The
marriage was a complete surprise to
the acquaintances of the bridal couple,
only the most intimate friends and
relatives having been told of the happy
secret. While in San Francisco the
young couple will be the guests of
Mr. and Mrs. Carlson.
WEDDINGS.
The engagement is announced of
Miss Ray Attell. daughter of Mrs. A.
Attell of 1427 Kolsom street, to Max
Roberts. They will receive their
friends on Sunday, June 26, from 2 to
5 p. m.
Mrs. J. P. Sies announces the en
gagement of her daughter, Adaline,
to John Metzner. A reception will
take place June 26 from 2 to 5 p. m.
at 1228 Golden Gate avenue.
ENGAGEMENTS.
Society daily slackens its pace, hav
ing during the last week come almost
to a full stop. But with the few wed
dings and betrothals of June, com
plete stagnation is averted.
Even the energetic card clubs have
gone into summer seclusion, but 'tis
•whispered that "bridge" and "500"
have hosts of devotees at the sum
mer resorts.
Oakland has made an arrest for vio
lation of the cofnpulsory education law
and has secured a conviction. The case
was tried before Police Judge Samuels,
and the father of the truant lad was
found guilty of misdemeanor. Now the
course of the case will be interesting,
as it is in reality a test of the new law.
In defense of himself the father claimed
that he was ill. and the little lad—un
der 14 years to come under the law —
was forced to become a breadwinner
for. himself and his eight brothers and
sisters. The Judge apparently, was un
moved by. the ..prolific -parent's plaint,
and his decision is upheld— morally— by
every- friend of wronged childhood. No
doubt In due time there will be more
babes for the little fellow to feed from
his withered little hand. Is this not a
crime— this flooding" the world with
babes that must seek the food they
eat? ... ,- • •
The Sacramento Woman's Council,
department of moral reform, is making
an investigation of the penny arcades
in tho capital, bringing to light a diver
sity of opinions as to the legitimacy of
some of thft pictures shown therein.
But, of course, that is a difficult matter
to decide. What might suggest immor
ality to one, might be an exalted ex
pression of art to another. And there
you are!
Though in summer session, the Cali
fornia Club is doing things through its
civic section. In previous years, the
redoubtable small boy has been permit
ted to blow off a thumb on the Fourth
of July or some one else's thumb at
will, and no one said him nay. But
on the statute books stands a law.
rather stiff in the joints for lack of
exercise, prohibiting the sale of blank
cartridges to minors. Now. the club
women are desirous of bringing forth
the old law, by its promulgation to
sav» the emergency hospital its usual
"busy day" on the Fourth.
• • •
Now can a decent lodging be given
the litt el tykes, a bath and a clean,
wholesome bed— the very first elements
that conduce to reform." And for this one
humane thing let some of the super
visorial sins be forgotten.
Among the societies supporting the
institution backing the Juvenile Court
law are the California Club, the Asso
ciated Charities, the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty. to Children, the
Youth's Directory, the Boys' and Girls'
Aid Society and the Church Home for
Boys. By a self-imposed tax, these
humanitarian bodies are paying the
salaries of the .two probation officers,
Miss Londa Stebbins and her assistant,
Mr. Hutton. What the interest will be,
in the years to come, when the little
wanderers will have been disciplined
and trained into good citizenship, is a
pleasant prospective. But it will come
— the old law of cause and effect work
ing out its truth.
The Board of Health has notified the
Chief of Police that he must make
other provision for the girls and boys
being held for the Juvenile Court- than
in the basement of the Central Emer
gency Hospital. At no time was the
sunless basement a fit place to house
the little waifs of the city's streets,
but being the only available place of
fered, it. was glad^' accepted.
But now the tale is different. There
is money in prospect now, $5000 obtain
ed' by the grace of the Supervisors,
which was earnestly, prayed for by the
good men and women who constitute
the Juvenile Court Committee, Dr.
Dorothea Moore, chairman.
At the imperial reception, the Amer
ican women, as usual, were* engulfed
with honors and attentions. Distinct
ly, we should feel grumpy had Berlin
not manifested such excellent discrim
ination. Didn't San Francisco send on
Mrs. John F. Swift? Now, where
could a handsomer or ay cleverer
woman be fuund than the widow of
the former Minister to Japan? As
suredly, . the Berliners are clever peo
ple. Perhaps we can return the com
pliment some day, when the fraus and
the frauleins may foregather in our
burg.
In connection with the reported an
tipathy of the Empress to the civic ac
tivity of. women, the announcement
loses much weight from the fact she
tendered the visiting delegates a recep
tidn, and expressed herself well pleased
with the. action of Berlin in voting to
entertain the visitors with a farewell
banquet.
Following close upon the suffrage de
bate In the Quinquennial Convention
in Berlin, comes the action of the
Reichstag, in expunging from the law
providing for mercantile arbitration
tribunals the clause that would give
to the German woman the right to the
ballot. Now, the wildest proselyte
never dreamed for a minute that
the thoroughly respectable Reichstag
would grant suffrage to German
women. But down deep in their hearts
there is much rejoicing over what is
really a great victory— that the issue
was of such import as to command
the attention of the righteous Reich
stag-. Of course, it was due to the
Socialists that the measure was so
excelleifily exploited.
Now that thf wedge is in the Ger
man political plank, who knows what
the next quinquennial will bring forth?
Jt is said that much fun was poked
at Count von Bulow. the Imperial
Chancellor, and at Count Posadowski-
Wehner. Minister of the Interior, both
of whom voted against the suffrage
measure as became such high-caste
dignitaries, but whose wives were val
iant supporters of the leaders of the
"American" movement. - Who knows
but the poor women hath need of
the ballot or some legitimate weapon?
BY LAURA BRIDE POWERS.
ALONE ON THE ROCKS
Hare Taking Refuge in Bass
Horn's Depths Is Caught.
Sad Sequel to This Tale
FAMILY JOIN IN PUKSUIT
Weddings and Be
trothals Go On
Forever
Topics of General
Public Concern
Discussed.
Andrew Johnson Goes Fish
ing at Bakers Beach and
Is Caught by Basing Tide
One-Eared Cottontail Sets a
Fast Pace for Little Willie
as the Park Band Plays
POPULAR YOUNG
COUPLE JOINED
IN MATRIMONY
LIFE SAVERS
RESCUE MAN
SOCIETY RESTING FOR THE SUMMER;
CLUB WOMEN INTERESTED IN CIVICS
RABBIT CHASE
MAKES DISCORD
i /.•-.¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦* ¦ ..... . . ¦ -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 20, 190*.
12
AJDVEKTXSEHENTS.
GEOCEKS, 110 rOUBTB 8TBEET.
Tel. Howard 1936. 2To Liquor i.
Our prices brin? new trad*. Th» qualltr of
oar roods Incures us your custom. Monday.
Tuesday and Wednesday specials.
DRY GRANULATED SUGAR.
19 lbs ?1.OO
Others rive 1« lbs.
BEST FLOUR, any brand
per sack $1.15
Others* charge $1.23.
3 sacks SALT (salt has advanced;
order now) 5c
Sold everywhere Be sack.
Cal. Full CREAM CHEESE.. lb 10c
Regular 15c.
SANTA ROSA HONEY, water
white per comb lOc
Sold elsewhere 15c.
3 cans DEVILED HAM 10c
Rerular 5c can.
EASTERN SUGAR CURED
HAMS per lb 124©
Rerular lie.
EGGS, strictly fresh 2 doz. 45c
BEST CREAMERY BUTTER
per square 35c
Rerul&r 40c. .
GOOD CREAMERY BUTTER. 30c
Rerular 85e.
2 large cans EVAP. CREAM... 15c
Rearular 10c can. ¦ . V' <
%-gal. can CANE SYRUP 25c
Rerular 33c.
BREAKFAST COFFEE (very
choice) per lb. 15c
Rerular 20c.
6 cans SARDINES, key opener.. 25c
8 lbs. JAPAN RICE 25c
• Resular Be lb.
Freight said nn all orders of $5 CO and over
100 nrtles. _
Tired babies become rested
babies when fed on Mellin's
Food.- Mellin's Food nour-
Yoq win be ct»<! that you sent fer * •aaipto
•f MeMn'i Food when you «ee bow eagerly
baby tikes it.
MELLIN'S FOOO CO.. BOSTON. ¦ MASS.
CASTOR I A
for Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the' /^r S/&7-»^£?
8ignatoro of (Jvz&%tUU&t&
ADViatTISZaiZNTa.
BDWEM
Vacation season — good
times — good things to eat —
pleasant recollections —
deal here and enjoy good
living wherever you go.
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Te2S-rc*ly50clb 40
'All flavors including 2 lbs 75
Bee brand Ceylon
Cox Gelatine— large si/e 12*4
Has no eaual — reg'ly 15c pkg
Anchovies in oil— App fi *, t h zing 35
reg'ly 45c— 75c bottle 65
French Mustard-D&G 15
Gives zest to cold meats —
regHy 20c bottle
Lemons— good ones coz 15
Macaroni-Spa E hetti-etc 2 for 25
French— La Favorita— reg'ly 15c pke
Sweet Pickles— vir^inu 4 r* 15
reg'ly 20c-35c-also pickle relish pt 30
Vigor Chocolate-rcg'iy 65c ib 55
Dainty Chips-reg'iy 85c 30
Jelly Glasses doz 30
Covered and uncovered-reg'Iy 35c doz
Borax Soap-white i for 25
Snowflake— reg'ly 5 cakes 25c
Flaked Rice-reg'lyl5cpkg 2for2 r j
Tomatoes— Alcalde 3 for 25
Extra quality— reg'ly |1.20 doz
HamamellS-Witch-hazel extract
i pt I5c pt25c qt4O t
Finnan Haddie— NeaPs 15
For breakfast-iuncheon-reg'ly 20c can
SardineS-Ramell— French 22}£
Boneless— reg'ly 25c can
Milk— Rose brand 10c— doz 1.15
Ice PickS-Quick-easy-reg'ly 25c 20
Cognac— Randon— French 1.15
Very old-reg'ly $1.60 boitie
Amer Picon-Fuii Litre bot 1.15
reg'ly $1.35
TanSan Water qts ioc-doz 1.10
A natural tonic— reg'ly $2.25 doz
Creme de Cassis 1.35
Delightful Iiquer— reg'Jy 1.63 qt
Vermouth— French or Italian " 60'
reg'ly 60c qt
Killy Croy— 3 star $i
Irish whisky — reg'ly $1.25
Cigars— Victoria de Colon
Hundred price
by the box
FavoriUs $9.50
Earls . 7.00
Monarch 6./X)
Californias 16.00
Puritaoos Ez 6.50
SPECIAL SALE
_ OF ;
Fancy and Black Silks, and
Ladies' Silk, Moreen and Mer-
cerized Sateen Petticoats . . .
SILKS SKIRTS
Fancu striped TAFFETA Ladles' Black Taffeta SILK
SILKS. Jacquard Taffeta In PETTICOATS, extra nea?u
Black Grounds with cqlorei uualltu, made with accor-
pln dots, And Persian striped dlon pleated $4.50
Taffeta Silks. These were flounce. Price .... each
formerlu sold at?5c, 85c and Regular Yalue, $6.50 each,
SwAJf^ip- 6 vn C Colore(i Taffeta SILK
Present price yd. PE tt ICO ATS, hoth plain and
Fancu Black and White chanoeahie. These are In
and Whiteand Black STRIP- all the new colors. Made
ED SILKS. jJavu and White with accordion pleated
and Black and White Polka flounce and one row§6.OO
Dot Surah Silk, formerlu ofruchlng. Price, each
sold at $1.00 and $1.50 75c Regular yalue, $8.50.
Ui. Reduced to ....... yd. BlflClc Mercerized Moreen
Chameleon Taffeta Antlaue and Yelour PETTICOATS,
and colored French Taffeta made with deep Spanish
Antlaue, White Ground Taf- flounce and four rows of
feta with colored Polka Dots,' stitched sateen $3.00
extra heavu aualltu; for- bands. Price each
menu sold for $1.75 and Regular Yalue, $4.00.
$2,00 ud. $|.00 FXTRA SPFPIAI
Reduced to....:.... yd. CAIKA orCUAL
FVTP/l QDFPI/ll 30 dozen Black SA TEEN
EXTRA SPECIAL PETTICOATS, made from an
15 pieces Black TAFFETA extra aualltu Mercerized
SILK, full 36 Inches wide, Sateen, full size and fast
an extra heaYU lustrous hlack. Theu are made with
aualltu, alwaus sold for three hemstltchel «| on
$1.25 ud. $1.00 ruffles. Price . . . . v bach
This lot. yd. Regular value, $1.50.
, " 111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STEEET.