NEW YORK, June L-Sttiti<rtlcs com
piled by an insurance journal here
show that' the American people are
taking out. life policies at the rate of
$6,000,000 a day. .*
Life Insurance Increases.
* HARBIN, Manchuria. June 1. —
There are persisterrt rlim*ors of a ri3- .
ing in Mongolia. Japanese, spies^ and
emissarie's are busy in; the Russian >
rear. .
War News Cotlnued on Page X- " j
Rumors of Chinese "Outbreak. .
CHEFU, "June ,2.— Chinese . arriving
from Takushan ,say that a Japanese
force estimated' at' from' 6000 'to 10,000,
\vhich landed at Takushan last 'month,
has] proceeded ' to . Fengwan g'cheng. j Re
inforcements, it is reported, have been
sent from other points.
Reinforcements for Kurpkl.
ARLINGTON, Ga., June 1.— Arthur
Thompson,. a negro, shot and killed M.
L.-iDudley, a young white man, last
night. A crowd of men captured the
negro, lynched him and riddled the
body with bullets before midnlgttt.
Dudley was manager of the city electric
lighting plant, and Thompson was a
fireman at the same .plant.
SWIFT PENALTY QIVEN
-• * TO A .MURDEROUS NEGRO
.BERLINS June I. — All Xouri Pasha,
the. Turkish reformer, contributes an
a'rtlcle to the Volks Zeitung," in which
-he states that Jhe Sultan of Turkey; i«
planning a great and final massacre
<Jl Armenians, the result .of which
¦will be the* total annihilation of the
Armenians in the Ottoman empire.
Thifc, says *A11 Nouri. has been *he
Su'tan's lifelong ambition, and he ba-
Ueves; a suitable time for the per
fbrmance of the deed has arrived.
SAYS SULTAN IS VLASHlSG
A. WHOLESALE MASSACRE
LEBANON., Pa., June 1.— Ten thou
sand .". dollars damages are asked- by
Miss Mary J. Seltzer of this city in
a" suit for. breach of promise of mar
riage against Charles S. Mark of San
Diego, California. Miss Seltzer alleges
that, although engaged to marry, her,
Mark wedded another. She to-day se
cured an attachment, against a $4000
legacy icoming. to him, from the estate
of his mother, who died here recently.
Pennsylvania Girl Sues San DIegoan
for $10,000 for Brc;uh of
Promise.
WANTS 'MONEY TO SOOTHE -,
HER BROKEN HEART
Russians Discouraged by the News* of
Kinchou nefeat.
TIENTSIN. June 1^-A courier wh»
has arrived hera from Jfewchwang
says: ' .'-'."
."While it is known that the Rus
sians received reports from Mukden
last night l^ylhg Jthe losses sustained
by them during the fighting at Kin
chou and - Nanshan Hill and the condi
tions prevailing. they.wiJ.1 npt talk on
the subject. The officers are desper
ately gloomy. Six hundred Junk loads
of supplies.* mostly beans «-\nd grain',
purchased at Newchw:ing, were ship
ped to Liaoyang yesterday."
GLOOM IN NKWC'H WANG.
In this union, which Professor Beau
lieu'thought was sure to come about,
though possibly not in ! the twentieth
century, three nations, he said, would
not be included: England, because it
would combine instead with the United
States; -Russia, because It-would form
a- great independent nation by itself,
and Turkey, because Jt would be ab
sorbed by the. coalition and lose its
identity. The union" would be a neces
sity, the speaker said, to resist Ameri
can asreression and the "Yellow Peril."
pHICAGO, June J.— A union of the
majority of the nations .of Europe into
a' great federation haa been predicted
by Matole Leroy-Beaulleu, the French
economist and sociologist, in a lecture
on, "The United States of Europe,"
given under the auspices of the Alli
ance Francalse.
French Writer Says Means Must Be
to Resist American Aggres T
• sion and "Yellow. Peril."
BELIEVES EUROPEAN
• NATIONS AVILL COMBINE
' The confirmation service began at
9 a'clock and lasted till a late hour
thi* afternoon. Special trains were
run from several points to witness the
unusual spectacle of. such a large
number being admitted to the church
anfl the services were most impres
sive. • .
- GALVESTON. Tex., June 1.— As
the result of an extraordinarily suc
cessful and. enthusiastic campmeeting
held at San Angelo nearly half the
female adult population of that town
has been converted to the Roman
Catholic religion, and the converts
•were to-day, confirmed ' by Bishop J.
A. Forrest of San Antonio.
Texas Town Change Faith at
• ' "' . Campniccting. . .
"Nearly Half of Female' Population in
MANY BECOSrE CONVERTS
10: TO THE ROMAN
OTTUMWA, Iowa, June 1.— Stricken
by remorse and threatening to end his
life, Albert Greenwood of Palestine,
Texas, Assistant Attorney General of
that State. Is being guarded In a hotel
in this city by a brother and friends of
the girl who yesterday afternoon re
fused to marry him.
Last evening at 8 o'clock Greenwood
was to have married Miss Maude
Utecht, a most estimable" and popular
young woman of thi3 city. He Imbibed
too freely, however, and fell down two
flights of stairs at the Wapeilo County
Courthouse, where he went to get the
marriage license.
When* Miss Utecht heard. of the es
capade she flatly refused to marry him.
Byeclal Dispatch to The CalL
Mra. Walker gave him the moriey."
Her husband, who came h'ome just as
the man was leaving the house, thought
she had been bilked and forced the re
turn of the money. The man made no
objection, assenting politely.
After he had- gone Walker thought
the stranger might be the demented
Kingsley, .who is supposed to be wan
dering somewhere in Colorado or Utah.
The police were notified.
The man is described as small, with
a gray mustache, an elderly appear
ance and. polished manners. He wore a
good suit of grray clothing, a-soft hat,
yellow gloves and tan shoes.
SALT LAKE, June 1.— A man. be
lieved to be Henry Baxter Klngsley,
the wealthy New Yorker, who is-iniss
ing and for whom a reward of $10,000
has been offered by relatives, appeared
this evening In Salt Lake. He called
at - the • home of Charles A. ' Walker,
general agent of the Chicago and
Northwestern Railroad. He Informed
Mrs. Walker that his name was W. G.
Wallace, that he came from. New Yprk
and was well acquainted with the New
York officials of the Northwestern, of
whom he spoke familiarly. He further
said that he was a holder of the road's
bonds, but declared he was accident
ally out of funds and asked for the
loan of a dollar.
NEW YORK, June 1.— To help clear
the mystery of a long-missing ship, the
aid of the Navy, Department has . been
invoked by the New York Maritime
Exchange, which has sent an appeal to
the Secretary of the Navy askingthat
some vessel from the South Atlantic
fleet be detailed to search for the Con
emaugh. The latter vessel sailed from
Coronel, Chile, for this port on Febru
ary 23 and has "not been heard from
since. It Is probable that a warship
will be detailed.
The Conemaugh Is a vessel belonging
to the International Mercantile Marine.
With a crew of forty all told, mostly
Americans, she started on her long
Journey from Honolulu for j Philadel
phia on January 26. She stopped at
Coronel, Chile, for coal, leaving that
port on February 28. Her master was
directed to round Cape Horn rather
than proceed through the straits of Ma
gellan, and to call at St. Lucia, West
Indies, for coal if necessary. • Nothing
has been heard of "the Conema"ugh
since she sailed from Coronel.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"One hundred dollars will be paid
to any man who will' tell me where
there is a healthy and attractive girl
two or three years old that I can adopt.
This child, must have refined. features,
with no indication of foreign parentage.
Address Mr. Bidwell, room 58, Cosmo
politan Hotel, or call any morning be
tween 7 and 9"o'clock."
Bidwell said to-night that he regret
ted the adventure. He admitted he
wented a girl baby; so j did his wife.
Since the publication of the advertise 7
ment there has been an extra clerk at
the hotel to assort the mall. Men with
furtive eyes have wandered about the
corridor before approaching the clerks
with a whisper. Bidwell has taken his
mail quietly to his room. Still 'he can
not escape the persons who call with a
view to' telling him' where he can get
an infant such as he desires.. ' : :
"I did see, a baby girl this afternoon
that I liked very much,' and I am going
to see her again ; to-morrow. She meets
the requirements as far as I can'tell,"
said. Bidwell. >
' Bidwell* fears -the .newspaper reports
of " his advertisement ' reach his
friends in Hawaii. ..;
NEW YORK, June 1.— Unhappy is
Daniel'Bidwell of Hllb, Hawaii, a man
of education and refinement. He in
serted an advertisement in a local pa
per as follows: ~*
Special Dispatch to The Call.
An examination into Rosencrahz's
possessions was made by the university
authorities and revealed that he has
stolen constantly just for the love- of
stealing. He never attempted .to sell
anything that he stele so far as , Is
known. Rosencranz received plenty of
mor.ey from his family in- San Diego,
Cal., and had no necessity for stealing
for gain, lie is the only son of a wid
owed mother, who win 'very poor
health, and these reasons are assigned
for the lenient action taken by univer-
Bity authoritiec. •
Ever since fashionable Hitchcock
Hall was opened students who live
there have been pestered by thievery,
and although detectives we're employed
lo catch the thief he # had never been
apprehended.
Rosencranz had lived In the hall for
two years and it is now believed that
many of the robberies might.be traced
to him. He was caught stealing books
by a fellow member of the ,hall. He
entered the room of this member, tak
ing $14 worth of books. "When accused
of the theft Rosencranz at first denied
it, but later he broke down and con
fessed his guilt.
CHICAGO, June 1.— Herbert A. Ros
encranz, a sophomore, has been ad-
Judged a kleptomaniac by the ofllcials
of the University of. Chicago and has
been quietly -"let out" of college. The
university authorities believe Rosen
cranz is the person who has for the
last two years worried residents of
Hitchcock Hall with all kinds of thiev
ery. .
Special DUpatch to Tb« Call.
- .•"-• * •¦¦• . ' '¦¦>:
Japanese 'Movements . Only "Feints ' to
Screen Port Arthur Operations.* •
' ST. PETERSBURG, June l-^-Th^
War Office has received reports ahow- '
"ing that the "Japanese -are fatllnjr back .
from Sluyen; southaast «f. Ttngmnx- \
chen?. and fn th\s "taeanwhll? advanc
ing on' Salmatzsa, almost due north of
Fengwangcheng. Both movements are
taken, to indicate t the ccmtlnued de
sire of the Japanese' to screen'the bp
erations before Port Arthur/.'"^. -.
As regards the operations nortji ot
Fengwangcheng'the Cossacks have re
tired froa gaimatzsa with the addi
tional loss of 'two officers and- sev«n
men wounded. Saimatzsa Is now be
ing held by a strong Japanese* garrl
.son. • ".***•• .
RETREATS AND ADVANCES. .
San Diego Youth Ex
pelled From a i
• University, -¦¦ ! 'S
Stranger Believed: to
Be Missing New'
Yorker. ;•'•
Bride-to-Be Spurns
Her Intoxicated
Fiance.
Wealthy Hawaiian
Besieged Wit
Oilers.
War Vessel to Aift
in a Search
at Sea.
MARRIAGE
POSTPONED
BY A "JAG"
• The -Indiafts belonged to a band of
raiders 'who escaped to Mexico in
IS 86, when their chief was captured;
.and..: have* since resided near Chihua
hua. Recently their land was cdnfls;
cated and through the instrumentality
of Father Mfgon. who labored among
them, ...the United State* Government
decided to rescue them! They were
In a starving. condition, the skin be
ing shrunken, over their bones in num
erous Instances, and many of the
squaws mere too weak to even carry
their •• papooses.
GALVESTON. Tex.. June 1. — A
tarty of 1000. Apaches, former mem
bers of -Gerohimo's" band,- arrived over
the Mexican Central to-day en route
id the reservation of . thei)-- tribe in
New Mexico; where they wi]l become
the wards of the- United States Gov
ernment. • . _'•
Har\in; Redtncn atc Taken Away
Iron. Chihuahua, Mexico*,: and
¦ Given New Uoines. •
APACHES RETURN TO ' -
TRIBE RESERVATION
ADVERTISES
FOR BABY,
NOW SORRY
WILL SEEK
STEAMSHIP
CONEMAUGH
STUDENT'S
MANIA IS
TO STEAL
KINGSLEY
MAY BE IN
SALT LAKE
RUSSIAN* PIETY UPON THE BATTLEFIELD: THE PRAYER FOR SUCCESS BEFORE THE -BEGINNING OF THE COMBAT.
ST. PETERSBURG..* June 1.— The
first official resort of the engagement
at Vagenfuchu,. between Cossacks 'and
a column of cavalry and infantry frora
General Kuroki's army, was received
to-night. . It indicates that the Jap
anese rout was complete.
General. Sakharoff" telegraphed* "as
follows,, under to-day's* date, to the
general" staff: \.-v
••According to reports the Japanese
commander in -the action of May 30 •
near Vagenfuchu had three battalions
of infantry In reserve. Our losses
were seventeen 'men killed and_ twenty-
three men ."wounded* "and J Lleutenantf
Meyer arid ""an'other officer, whose
name has ". not . been 'ascertained,
•wounded. •• * . ' -" 7;. -
"The -Japanese losses were Very con
siderable. One sanadron-of the Thir
teenth Japanese- Cavalry was an
nihilated In a hand-to-ha-nd encpunter,
and another squadron; which cams to
its assistance, suffered 'great. loss of
life from the '.fire of- ¦ our frontier
guards and riflemen'. We captured
nineteen horses." • . ' .*.'/"
. "News of the yagenfuchuvietcrry was •
.received here with 'rejoicing. It has
been the contention of rnflttary •xperts
•that Japanese cavalry could rtat with
stand a charge by Coss«ck riders, ind"
•the cr'ess'ar'counts:of the combat are
regarded as bearing put •this -theory.
For the ' first time; sl-nce this war
*begari.* Japanese soldiers have turned
in flight. An Associated Press corre-*
spondent "says that -the Infantrymen
threw away their shoe's, to -facilitate '
"their escape. • / . : : 5-i^^
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
Another- Force Sent to its
•Assistance -Suffers |
• Heavy Losses.., *. : •
The claim on which the. case is
brought is that the owners of the land
in the various eubdivisions concerned
platted Stewart avenue and deeded it to
the city of Chicago for use as a higto
vay. It is contended that the city had
no right to . permit the Pennsylvania
Railroad to- use the street, and that
•when Stewart avenue was vacated by
a. city ordinance it reverted 'to • the
heirs of the original owners. - "
The family, of President Roosevelt is
represented among the plaintiffs, and
bo are the heirs- of the late Mrs.Sanger,
mother of .Mrs. George M. Pullman.
The descendant* j of many prominent
pioneers of Chicago also ..are parties to
the suit. * '_-'-¦'¦' .
CHICAGO,- "June L— Five hundred
heirs of the original owners-'.of land
row occupied by the Pennsylvania
Railroad Company's ¦ right of j way in
Stewart avenue brought suit tp-day in
the -United. States- Circuit. Court, claim
ing owners-nip" of the land. Th.e suit is
one of the largest ever begun in Cook
County. It involves $3',50O.O0O. An in
junction is aiked for to. prevent the
Pennsylvania Company from operating
trains in Stewart avenue and to re
strain it from elevating, its tracks. The
V anal" trustees. ' representing -the State'
of. Illinois, are' the largest claimants.
They want about SJ.,000,000 for their in
terest in Stewart avenue.
Special Dispatch to T*« C*H-
One Squadron of the
Foe's Cavalry An*-^
Prtsitoi EooseTelfs Family -Reprer
.seated Among Those- Who Lay ¦
Claim to; the Thoroughfare. . ¦
;Olgect to ."Council's Action
In Snrrenflering Avenue
¦ ": to a Railroad.-:
SakharoH Tells.
ofTageBMiii
;; iiiiili
Mye Hundred ,CM
cagoaHs Are the
v PlalntiHSv
REPORTS
COSSACK
VICTORY
CITY STREET
IS THE PRIZE
IN LAWSUIT
CHEFU, June 2— Fighting has commenced almost within rifleshot of Port Arthur. Thus far- it has been confined to continued skirmishing, the Japanese .awaiting reinforce
irients for- the final assault. Six lines of intrenchments must be carried successively, by the besiegers. The Russians have mounted on shore the heavy guns from their warships. .
SKIRMISHING BEGINS AT GATES OF PORT ARTHUR
AND JAPANESE PREPARE FOR THE FINAL ASSAULT
PRICE. FIVE CEXTS
Alcazar — "Toll Oats 19a-" Kat
.lne* To-Day.
California — "Jairice • MereSiti."
' Matinee To-Day.
Central— -" A Celebrated "Case."
Cnntes — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "The Little Min
ister.".
TiRcher's — "U.S." •?•* .
Grand — ¦"Gismonda." • '; ..'*-M>
Orphenoi — VauievlUe. . Mattie«
To-Day. * % ¦'. .
Tivoll — 'The Toy M»ker."
IBS THSATESS. ¦ .
SAN FRANCISCO, .' THURSDAY, JUNE 2, 1904.
VOLUME XCVI^-NO. 2..
* ¦• p I TtLk} WEATHia. »
'"" » Voracact mod* at §aa I*ran
•cisto for* thirty hours .csdiag at
"atfdaUrbtjjfana $, i^f:
Ss,ji . Prancl*co , aal vicinity—
Cloudy, naaxttlcd weather Tliurs-
C*Tl . pe'ssthly lljf tt ' stoxrera ;
Xresh ¦ontieijy: Triads.
• ' • A. O. SCc&SXS,
District "Forecaster.
The San Francisco Call• HOTKIN DECISION. POSTPONED.— Mrs.
Cordelia I'.otkln. convicted -of the murder of
Mrs Elizabeth Dunning, was in Judge Cook's
court yesterday, as It avu* the day set for the
udse to render his decision on the . motion
made by her attorneys for a new trial. The
Judge tald he wan not yet ready as he was
preparing a written decision on the "polnia
raised, and he continued the matter till .to
morrow.
-: DONNELLY MUST GO TO PRISON.
Charles Donnelly, who was convicted of as-
Mstink In the murder of George Rice on,Octo
ber . 11, 1001, was denied a new trial by the
Supreme Court yestenjay. The defendant was
¦entenced to. nineteen years' Imprisonment.
Donnelly. Thomas Moran. Edward Duncan and
William Buckley conspired to kill Rice because
he - refused to participate In the machinists"
strike. ," The -court on Tuesday affirmed the
sentence , of death , in the ca>e of Buckley.
ST. LOUIS, June 1.— A letter fronT
A. M. Lawrence, Hearst's Western*
campaign manager, ordering the Mis- |
sourl Hearst headquarters discontinued
immediately, .was received at the head
quarters to-day/ The letter greatly
disappointed a number of Hearst
"rooters,",' who have been using the
headquarters as -a sort or club . room.
A few days ago, when Lawrence, an
nounced , that no more funds would be
furnished for . campaign: purposes, ' it
was understood that the headquarters
would "remain open.. Great distress"
prevails in the Missouri Hearst ranks
to-night. .^
Order Closing the Missouri Headquar
ters Causes Consternation. .
HEARST BOOMERS GLOOMY.
! Son of Millionaire Publisher Is Ac
'_" cuscd* of Killing Game Out of
*. • Season. , :
I 'HELENA. Mont., June* 1. — Ralph
• Pulitzer, son of the o^frner of the New
¦ York* World, was 'arrested here to
.nlphi. on a charge of killing an ante
.'lcpe oul of 'season. .His bond was
fixed at H000, which he promptly fur
nished. ¦•• Pulitrer and his. -attorneys
say that h'e is the victim of.'persecu
• tfon. Pulitzer -had come to Montana
to fact a charge of killing mountain
. Eheep-'in Teton County, which was to
have come up for trin.1 at'thls time.
The case against him wa^ continued
- for the. term, however. / The young
•millionaire was about to leave Helena
Vhen papers were served against him.
YOU.VO PULITZElt IS
AHRESTED IN* MONTANA
WASHINGTON, June L—The ques
tion of selecting a spellbinder of con
spicuous ability to second the nomina
tion of Theodore, Roosevelt at the Chi
cago convention, on behalf of the
Middle -West, probably will be settled
in favor of Senator Beveridge of In
diana.. The seconding speech" for the
Pacific Coast will be made by George
A. Knight of California.
TO MAKE SECONDING SPEECHES.
SEOUL, June 1.— The Russian ac
tivity in the northeastern part of Ko
rea is much discussed by -the Koreans,
who do hot believe the reports of the
Japanese victories by land and sea.
They claim that the Russian prison
ers brodght to Seou^ were Koreans
disguised so as to deceive the popu
lace. While denouncing their ravages,
the Koreans regard the' Russians as
being the stronger of the two races.
¦'--:-¦-¦. : «-
KOREANS FAVOR RUSSIAN'S.
SEOUL,. June 1. — The • Russian
bands scattered throughout Ham
heung province are encountering com
missariat difficulties. The countryside
is ill supplied with food and forage
owing to the bad crops iot the last two
years. A detachment. of twenty Cos
sacks, with two K6rean interpreters,
yesterday ordered the Governor of
Hamheuftg to arrange for suitable
supplies.
Cossacks Find Food Scarce in North
eastern Korea.
RAIDERS LACK SUPPLIES.
LAS VEGAS. N. M., June 1.—Higi
nio Martinez and Simon Garcia, ranch-',
men of Sanchez County, are dead,
making in ail seven victims thua far
of the poisoned" water barrel in use
at the Tafoya home. Martinez and
Garcia, while attending court here,
stopped at the home of the Tafoyas.
They did not drink of the water stored
in the barrel, which had once been
used for mixing chemicals,; but par
took of food cooked In the water.
DIE FROM DRINKING
OF POISONED WATER
CHICAGO, June 1.— Abel Gabinska, a
Russian, 24 years old, was arrested to
night after he had attempted to shoot
a man named Frank Adams, whom he
had never before seen. He flred several
shots at the '' police officers who took
him to the. station. '
He declared to the police after being
arrested that he had been sent to Chi
cago by a society in St. Louis with in
structions to "kill ,fat and prosperous
looking men." A paper found in his
pocket contained the names of Mayor
Carter Hurrlson and Alderman Honor
Palmer. He would not admit that he
intended to assassinate these two men.-
Russian in Chicago -Shoots 'at People
Promiscuously and Is
Arrested.
JVANTED TO' KILL "FAT
AND PROSPEROUS MEN"
.. WASHINGTON. June 1.— The nn
nouncem/nt is repeated that the Navy
Department does not see' its way clear
to construct the" two colliers author
ized by Cqngress at the last session to
be constructed In Government yard3
since no "appropriation was made for
the construction of elips, said to be
necessary before the work of building
the ships can be undertaken. . A spe
cial appropriation was required to
equip the' New York yard for the con
struction' of the battleship Connecti
cut. The colliers were designed to
carry. 5000 tons of coal and to cost
(1,250,000 each. If the department
does find some way in which the work
can *be undertaken it is probable that
Congress will be asked at the next
session to provide for »Ups at a num
ber of the more important yards.
Navy Department Finds Tliat Special
Appropriation for Ships Has
* ' Not Been. Made.
COLLIERS MAY NOT BE
'• ERECTED THIS YEAR
CHICAGO, June 1. — Ito Hlmatsu. a
Japanese merchant of New v York, has
arrived In Chicago with a common
split leather valise containing $1,120,
000 in United States money, which he
will give to the Mikado to help defeat
Russia. The -cash Is all in United
States gold notes and bank bills. Ito
Himatsu* expects to sail from San
Francisco on June 11. \
000 to Present to -the Mikado.
Japanese Merchant Carrying $1,1 20,-
BANK BILLS FILL VALISE.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 1.—Ad
vices received by mail from Tomsk,
Western Siberia, report the arrival
there of a detachment of Japanese
prisoners consisting of 26 officers and
180 men,* the majority of whom -are
sailors.
Arrives at Tomsk.
Detachment of Captive Brown Men
JAPANESE PRISONERS.
Miss Fowler has conducted a farm
near Vineland for more tnan forty
years and never would have a man
about the place until' last fall, when
she concluded her farming days were
over, -and advertised for help.
George ~E. Fowler of Lemollle,
Minn., applied for the job and then
proposed marriage. After a long cor
respondence he was accepted and the
wedding was set for the latter part
of this month.
NEW YORK, June 1.— -Great sur
prise has been caused in Vineland, N.
J., by- the wedding ..announcement of
Miss Susan P. FowlerTone of the orig
inal dress reformers of the country.
She is now more than 80 years of age.
Miss Susan Fowler Waits n Lifetime
Before She Falls in
Love.
BECOMES A BRIDE AT
AGE OF EIGHTY YEARS
"During the interval of thirty, hours
between the Russian evacuation of
Dalny and the Japanese occupation
anarchy prevailed. The local Chineae
officials allowed the prison to be forced,
with the result that about two hundred
cutthroats had overrun the town."
LONDON, June 2.— The Times cor
respondent at Chefu cables:
Anarchy Prevails in Dalny After the
Russian Evacuation.
PRISONS ARE OPENED.
: rJiOStp," June .1. — The Vatican* au
thorfties • have- -given "th«. strictesf.no
flce/.to". thosft who -recommend .people
for- -audiences. -of • {he Rope that they
must guarantee that such persons "will
conform ip'-Vaflcan etiquette in kneel
tr.r and kissing the h'aijti of 'Ctie iVbpe.
Thiji notification \vas iss"ue.d a« a result
of 'the conduct ofBdmif Americans a
few . \reektf wHq refused; to kneel
,'whe'h. the Pope appeared. . :".
Orders Are I^ued "That .Visitors Must
i:?**; V' 'iH* 1 .**:'. ax ? < * 'His* ..Hand .ot ; . -.
•"V :\: ."-.¦¦•. ...""¦ .-."ihe* PopeJl_ - ' ' '•
KTiQUETTE : OF . VATICAN* . .
; :.' : ¦ •• : t "¦' ' ';.. .must be'observed
First Step In the Adjustment of All
» Outstanding Differences.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 1.— The
signature of the Russo-British treaty,
in settlement of the Canadian sealing
claims, is generally accepted in dip
lomatic circles here as being the first
step In the adjustment of all out
standing differences between the j two
countries. The announcement came
as a surprise, no news of the negdtia
tions having leaked out in St. Peters
burg. The claims, which date back
twelve years, have frequently been the
subject of representations by the Brit
ish Government, but Russia deferred
action until Macph, when she notified
Foreign^Secretary Lansdowne that she
would negotiate a settlement.
ANGLO-RUSSIAN SETTLEMENT.
LONDON, June 1. — -Rumors of me
diation in the Russian-Japanese war
caused a rise of half a per cent In con
sols and a general upward tendency
on the London market this afternoon,
but the rumors have found no confir
mation in diplomatic quarters.
The Foreign Office characterizes the
report that mediation is pending in
the immediate future as "rubbish."
Baseless Reports Affect Prices on. the
London Exchange.
MORE RUMORS OF MEDIATION*.
REFUSES NEW TRIAL.— Judge Kerrigan
yesterday denied the motion of the Board of
Public Works for & new trial of the case of
Dora A. Heath against the board. Mrs. Heath
obtained a verdict for $5000 damages for in
juries received by her from a defective side
walk before 1511 Buchanan street, and the
board !s neeklns to have the Judgment set
aside. An appeal will ; be taken.
WASHINGTON, June l.-^-The fun
eral of : Coio.nel Richard Hintbn, 'the
former Callfonnian,. whose remain?
were brought here' frpm" -London,
where he died In 1 901. "was" held herer
to-day., the interment beipg With .full
milita-ry- honors at -tne -National Cem
etery, Arlington.- • .- ¦• - . " .'
Remains o"f Former Califorrilan" Co' to
" Last. Resting Place at Arlington
- .Cemetery. : " '. I ¦ .
COLOXEIi-IHNTON* GI.V.BlX . -. ¦: •'.'
A -MILITARY /FL'N'ERAti
ST. PETERSBURG, June 1. — The
reports of an attack upon Count
Lamsdorff, Minister of Foreign Af
fairs, have their foundation in the per
sonal assault committed on Monday
evening by Prince Dolgorouky, a dis
appointed office seeker. The Prince is
an opponent of Count Lamsdorff's pol
icy and' is said to have become insane
through brooding over his alleged
grievances.
The. Prince met Count Lamsdorff in
the street on Monday evening, and
without warning struck him on the
head with a walking stick. In so do
ing he is said to have calmly announc
ed that he chastised the Foreign Min
ister in the name of the whole Rus
sian people. Police agents rushed to
the scene and seized the Prince, who
immediately handed them a card, say
ing it was a private affair. Neverthe
less he was placed under arrest.
The Emperor is highly indignant
over the episode and has directed an
immediate medical examination of the
Prince in order that it may be legally
determined whether he is sane. If he
is pronounced insane Prince Dolgor
ouky will be placed in an asylum. If
he is responsible for his actions he
will be punished.
As-Hilant of Count Lamsdorff Believed
' to Be Insane. . •
PRINCE STRIKES WITH CAXE.
; WASHINGTON, June -1.— After a
conference with the President to-day
Attorney General Knox announced the
following appointments:
William M. Lanning of Trenton,- N.
J., to be United States District Judge
for the district of New Jersey. Lan
ning now represents the Fourth Ne"w
Jersey District in the House of Repre
sentatives and succeeds the late Judge
Andrew Kirkpatrlck.
Edward A. Mann of Las Cruces,- N.
M., to be assistant judge of the New
Mexico Supreme Court, which is a
new position created by the last ses
sion of Congress. The appointment
was recommended by the Republican
organization of New Mexico.
MORE APPOINTMENTS
BY THE PRESIDENT
Patents Issued:" California — Ru
dolph Bpshard, Los Angeles, flea trap;
Horace P. Brow-n, San Francisco, man
ifold book In pad; Frank R. Buck, S.an
Francisco,, combined bed and couch
and bathv Albert C." Calkins, Los An
geles', prospectors' ore breaker; Ralph
W. Elliott, San Francisco, pneumatic
pump; "William A. Fagan, San Fran
cisco', door releaser; Maggie Gold
smith, San Francisco) curtain protec
tor; B. A. Lathrop,. leveling instru
ment; George Hoepne, San Francisco,
.automatic weighing machine; Rudolph
Joh'ansen. '• Los Angeles, bale tie ma
chine; Walter C. Mattesori, Stockton,
fence "clamp; Eric Moss, Kingsburg,
splar heater; Dosier H. Mostelle, sys
tem of supplying ' oil under water
•pressure; Chartes F. Murray, Los An
geles, sho-w case; McCluer H. Parker,
Lbs Angeles, route plane; R. W. Shoe
maker and L. H. Giddlngs, Pasadena,
yiave reservoir; Walter Taylor, Los
Ang'eles, ore pulverizing mill.
Oregon — Frank Pluge, Portland,
bung. hole.. borer;' Walter E. Jackson,
excavator; Elam Gilbert, attachment
for phonographs.
Washington — W. J. Carpenter, Spo
kane, .envelope or . mailing device;
Willfam -A. Curamlngs, machine for
clamping -wire hose bands; William
¦Houghtpn, North Bend, cattle guard;
John Kleinbaeh, Spokane, surgical ap
paratus;' A. /W. Hight, Ballard, pipe
band and fastening; E. A. Smith, Seat
tle,' weight lifting machine; Byron C."
Biblet." Spofcane, •' la;ch for . tramway
buckets and 'tramway terminals; Os
car Y. Oliver, '< Seattle, hat crease re
tainer.
Certificate issued authorizing the
Frrst .National Bank of San Mateo
County to begin business.
• Application to convert the Bank of
Tulare -into the First National Bank
of Tulare. capital fifty thousand, ap
proved by the Treasury. Department.
. WASHINGTON. .D. C, June 1. —
Postmasters ..commissioned:
, Orego.n — Andrew W. Clark, Kamela.
Change*— Fourth class postmasters,
California— Creston, San Luis Obispo
County. Charles A. , Gruenhagen, vice
Robert W. Gruenhagen, resigned; Na
ranjo. Tulare County, M. E. Brother
ton, vice H. R. Diffenbaugh, resigned;
Villa Park, Orange County, Ernest J.
de Long, .vice George W. de Long,
de'ad. '•
Many Orders. Are Issued by the Postal,
• -Treasury' and Patent De
partments.
:qf inter kst to PEOrLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
COLUMBUS, Ohio,' /June' 1.— Four
companies of militia were to-day or
dered to proceed to Hanging Rock,
near Ironton, on the Ohio River. Gov
ernor Herrick ordered out Company K
of Portsmouth, Company I of Ironton
and two companies from Galliopolla
and Manchester. Colonel. A:- C." Thomp
son assumed command. The companies
left. at once for Hanging Rock on a
special train.
IRONTON. Ohio, June 1.— The arrest
of James Fuller, a young strlkej, on
suspicion, of having shot Superintend
ent William Jeffries of the Hanging
Rock Iron Company, precipitated se
rious trouble to-day. Fujler was ar
rested by Constable Kinkald and the
strikers did not take the arrest in
pleasant spirit. They gathered in
groups to discuss it. Both sides to the
controversy. assumed a threatening-at
titude and Sheriff Payne of this city
was called upon for assistance. He In
vestigated and found the situation
critical. He thereupon called for troops
and his call was approved by the Gov
ernor.
When the troops arrived this after
noon Hanging Rock was placed under
martiar law and the crowds were dis
persed. Harvey Reed, who refused to
obey the troops, was arrested. James
Fuller was also arrested on a charge
preferred before the troops arrived.
•PARIS, June 1.— In-v^ew of the -rt
ports of a possible Frenca navai dem
onstration tjff Tangier- in Connection'
with the presence of the United States
warhips there.-'the statement i.a made
in authoritative quarters that noi *u.cli
.demonstration." Is: contemplated; • ot 1 .
even considered.- The efforts. of "Fr.ance
to secure the release of Ferdicarts anil
Varley will- be entirely'-throTigh/diplov
njatlc channels at Ta'ngier and Te?. ..
WASHINGTON,-' June l.-^It iff stated
at the State Department that, several
days will elapse before ;the' result of
the effort "of the" French" (tg^'nts on be
half of Ion Perdicaris. the -captive of
the Morocco bandits, 'cjan" ba -Known.
Reports- that other tflDal .chieftains
are talking ab.out kidnaping Europeans
tends tt> confirm the .officials- here- lii
their original reluctance tf>" . Fompoand;.
a felony b>? paying a ranson and th'ila
encouraging kidnaping. .. . .".-.•
It Is stated, that- 'Consul, i General,
Gummere has-been eafeled "to- inform
the Moorish Government " that regard
less' of Jthe. action- Of any" other- tio.vern-.
ment the United '.States . Government,
would insist that the bandit" Ralssouli,
be held personally responsible fpir.the
safety of Perdicaris' "arm. that: if' any'
harm comes to." the captive put- Govern
ment will demand the. capture "and exr.
ecutlon of*Raiss,GulL • ~ - ; '•.:,'
TANGIER, June ' 1.— The t/nited
States cruiser "Olympia, flying the flag
of Rear. Admiral Jewell, "in command
of the European ' squadron,.' and the
cruisers Baltimore and Cleveland ••' ax
rived here during the afternoon.
There are " no further developmenU
concerning the- kidnaping of JPerdlcaria
and Vanley. but ..a report, is." current
that eight days' have been allowed the
Sultan 'in which to .produce the prison
erki beyond- which time Tangier wUl
be bombarded.- This report la not; con-,
firmed. ! * '. '.•"¦¦.'
A private letter from Liaoyang, dated
May 24, says that on good authority
General Kuropatkin then had 140,000
men ready to take the field.
The War Office does not believe the
report : "from Tokio that a Japanese
division has embarked for Northern
Korea to check an alleged advance of
Lieutenant General , Llnevitch's artny.
A high military official points out that
Linevitch would have to march 300
miles dyer difficult roads and to assure
supplies for that distance before he
could get within striking distance of
the Japanese army.
This authority admits that such a
task is impossible and not worth at
tempting, since it would imperil the
Japanese supplies in Manchuria, ( whlch
are coming by sea. The Japanese are
more likely to reinforce their armies
in Southern Manchuria, on the Liao
tung Peninsula, where it is_. believed
they are concentrating every available
man.
The admiralty attributes the failure
to destroy the crippled cruiser Bogatyr
to the absence of Japanese warships
near Vladivostok. .1
"The Japanese detachment which our
cavalry, successfully engaged on' May
SO is now stationed four versts from
Vagenfuchu, fortifying Its position.
"There has been no further Japanese
advance from Saimatza toward Feng
chowling Pass on the Liaoyang road."
. "On May 30 two camps of Japanese
infantry and thirty dragoons advanced
along the Takushan road toward Ona
lassi for the purpose of turning the left
flank of our outposts. Our scouts dis
covered the movement and fighting en
sued, in the course of which one Cos-
Back was wounded and one horse was
killed. • ', •¦
"All is quiet' in the direction of Feng
wangcheng. Siuyen has not been oc
cupied by Japanese detachments. The
Japanese were observed retiring from
the Sedsykho and Salitslpuo valleys,
in an easterly -direction
."Rear Admirals Wittsoeft and Grlg
orovltch report that up to May 28 num
erous Japanese mines had been discov
ered and exploded in the roadstead of
Port Arthur. The Japanese evidently
have replaced the fire ships, which
they formerly used, by mines, sown by
merchant steamships in their service."
The Emperor has received the follow
ing dispatch from General Kuropatkin,
dated May 31: ' ' -
ST. PETERSBURG; June 1.— An un
confirmed rumor has reached here from
Mukden that the 'Japanese battleship
Fuji is aground on a reef off the Miao
tao islands, between tne Kwantung
and Shantung promontpries, where she
is being guarded by torpedo boats.
The following dispatch from Viceroy
Alexieff to the Emperor, dated May 31,
has been received here:
The correspondent of the Standard at
Tokio announces that non-combatants
are quitting Gensan on account of the
incursions of small parties of Russians
into Northeastern Korea. The situation
there Is not deemed a serious one.
Against these statements must be
placed the official denial, communicated
to the press and already cabled, that
General Kuropatkin would move south
ward.
"A recent council of war decided that
General Kuropatkin should risk an en
gagement. The Empfror deferred to
this Judgment, even going so far as to
authorize the dispatch of troops from
the German frontier to the Far East,
on the ground that as Germany w-as
benevolent she might be trusted safely.
All hopes are centered now in Kuro
patkin, who will make desperate efforts
to save Port Arthur."
No confirmation has yet been re
ceived of the reported heavy fight
ing near Port Arthur or with General
Kuropatkin's army, although the lat
ter is not regarded as improbable.
Rumors persist that court influence
at St. Petersburg is being actively ex
.erclsed "to induce General Kuropat
kin to assume the offensive in an en
deavor by a victory to retrieve the
Russian military reputation. The
Daily Telegraph's St. Petersburg cor
respondent says:
LONDON. June 2. — The Moscow
correspondent of the Times learns that
Harbin is to be fortified speedily
against the contingency of a siege.
Heavy siege guns have left St. Peters
burg already, really intended for Har
bin, and others' will' be sent from
Kronstadt and other first-class fort
resses for the same purpose.
A painful impression has been pro
duced by General Kuropatkin's in
sistence on the necessity of making
timely provision for a retreat to Har
bin.
The Cossacks picked up boots which
had been taken off by the Japanese in
order to facilitate the flight and /lour
itshed them on their lances as trophies.
The Japanese used the Boer trick of
displaying dummies, but the Cossacks
did not waste a shot on the: General
Samsomoff highly praised the practice
of the Russian gunners.
KAICHOU, Liaotung Peninsula.
June 1. — A Russian who was wounded
in the fight near the station at Vagen
fuchu May 30, says General Samsomoff
attacked the Japanese near the . rail
road a mile from Vagenfuchu station.
A cornet of the frontier gur.rds was the
herp of the fight. His sergeant was
lying wounded and a Japanese officer
was about to ride over him when the
cornet unhorsed the Japanese, mounted
the latter's horse and placed the ser
geant on his own charger. .The Jap
anese cavalry engaged was the Thir
teenth Regiment. Its horses were
splendid animals. S
LIAOYANG,: Monday, May 30.— The
Japanese lost 200 killed and a number
of horses in the fight at Vagenfuchu
to-day. The Russians opened fire at 8
o'clock in the morning and after two
hours and a half of long range^ firing
the. Japanese, under General Akklama,
prepared to charge and crush the
force which had been harassing them
for twenty-one days. In the mean
time Oeneral Samsomoff was ap
proaching Vagenfuchu with a strong
force of cavalry.
It was a sight worth seeing, when at
the | word of command the ' Russian
squadrons formed and rushed like a
whirlwind across the terribly .cut up
country, clearing away all obstacles,
the batteries at the same time trotting
along the frightful roads.
Having passed the railroad station,
the. troops came . under "the fire of the
Japanese machine guns, but withdrew
without suffering much loss. The
Fourth and Sixth companies of the
Eighth Siberian Cossacks furiously
charged the Japanese cavalry with
lances, attacking both flanks. In a few
minutes' they literally cut the whole
squadron to* pieces. This was the first
time lances were used and they struck
terror into the enemy. In some cases
the ' lances pierced the riders
through and wounded their horses.
Some of the lances could not be with
drawn from the bodies Into which they
had entered.
The Japanese infantry, numbering
four battalions of 300 men to a com
pany, and eight squadrons at cavalry,
attempted to advance, but the Russian
batteries opened and soon the slope up
which the enemy was advancing was
covered with black spots and the en
emy was forced _to scatter and retire.
Some of the Japanese cavalry were
wonderfully dashing, charging with
shouts upon the Russians, who met and
scattered them. .
A Cossacl who had lost his lance
and sword wrenched a sword from a
Japanese officer and cut off the officer's
head.
"Those Japanese fight well. Shoot
ing is their strong point/but the Cos
sacks' lance charge completely sur
prised them. Many of the Japanese
were ridden down, i Others ceased fir
ing' and.. fled.". . '. . •
MUKDEN/ June 1. — A hospital
train arrived last night with; wounded
from the fighting at Vagenfucho^
bringing three officers and twenty
three, men. General Kuropatkin vis
ited them.' complimented "them on
their bravery and awarded eight
crosses of; St. George.- Four of those
wounded, at Vagenfuchu_ were left at
LiaotunV in too seriousT a condition
to be moved. Some of these have from
four to six bullet wounds. • One of the
wounded said:
¦ :¦¦' S'J:W YORK.- ; June .;• L— Jtfhn R.
'•¦ '.¦1'iatle/the aced n-ul3icnair<?,.tc-CaytoJd
mft "the.. negroes, who,; he al
¦ ifjre? iji'hts .suite extorted ii^ariy l~f<0:
••;040 from' him : in . seven years..The bulk
'; »f his ¦¦'ffprt.une-'ls'. gor.e, ihcyg^ he Tiag
V-.*nojliih .lit t to Jjye cbml'ortably for -h!s
years..-. . :¦ *
» j| r f%- 'vri&'ihe iist .president of. the ¦ Yol
~.\ii&%cer : Fire-aifh of New"- Yorli." FaJd
v-^Piatto. >trolvlns-his^o\viEs.Avbite beard.
¦;ak; lie. rec^J^' lh > days pi forty years
. ago. :"TSTien.*<>nieof -us boys went on- a
given the
; ;:f.fioie'.;i>f. ; <oUi* lives..' ; ana" a year or -"so
./Jd'rer .when Kc'me' volunteer firemen came
!'--'ncre' frorn ; ' S^q-. "Francisco-! '-\te, r'detpr;
':ji£inti Wto reciprocate...:. All. one-evening
."w : e,6aw:^hat thfte. \Vas' t«be seen. We
;Vh1a : .d,b^n^n-*illvof th^ cafes and finally
•\..tt>"«^a^-;mcTi;iXis-.^.; e: w ei>t -to .a. -resort
f-fc|pp;t';-isif : k : -rpula^td\wcrmail in : West
:'..TS»:pntyiseveiitn : ' street-- 'Jt' was 'there
!: th^'i '1 • ;fir>t - Han-na'i' EJias, who
pretty- littJe;glrC^iV4ut"16 years
¦-" ¦.6id;7 I : sa^v- -hex-,' jj e-vetal .."; tfmes- -.sobp
'.'¦ ''sitter' ¦&& .bul.aif.ter :¦$. .ivhilft -.1 lost.
¦Vtr«^";.bfVher;axid .-a.iiff not/w^e her a*aih
• >mti.iyatbput • i^ia? ¦ .'y^ar*' i-go. .She ivas
¦•;dpi.rig biisiness. asf a -masseuc ."and had
: itJtp'-fuiLw'prnajihood and was
-yer^ypreUy^ ¦She toid/mVshe Was hot
(m negr«ss, bvt:"of 6p||iJih blood; which
V»cc6ttnieit for ;her-.\lark *c<>mpierit>ri. . "
: . '••¦i;"*F.^:iiey^fal':ii3i'b'hths-«h - e: - tfeaied nxe
.:f ot TtevLxnattifra. and .1' sor better. We
l-_X^%^.^*lLj'i<quain4jea and final fy "she
¦<n|d.rri^.'Ehe;.wa$ anxious "to give' up the
'/mds£.a^:.;.£|ujltliie?s':-.a''nj3 Xo, become ' es
¦-tai^fl^^/fii;;th6":tKMixAMii^aiiHURe' busi
.T.cs5: : : $Ke: j .had vrejnfre.red. .rne'-\-aluible
. rra. or my rheum-
- ati^rn.iEd J vpl"unteered- to. assist '. her
.•.in':g>ti : l.r* -bqardlng^hoase/ . .What oc
¦t:urr$4: : &ft*x .&&£!' teyG ; arrea.d>' .set
Vfprrki^th^^tffid-ayitih tbfe'-suit*' " •"
,-' ...jftlaittpJCpaVs. ; Andrew-. H. Green', -the.
J yrixed -^feir&iif hroi)is.tv .wno was killed
'?>y:^jeii.t^s;ijes : 'r<X, : d]Hrfl»t" know-Mrs. ¦
"¦SinMj-'y ;-.- : :":'.'¦ _j\-_: ;/¦•••.:•..•' :- • \
. ' : '^-Ilefing. .that : .M is: '¦ filias.'was"prepa'r
'ih.f-X6;.->&a.ye.".tJ)e.iit>V ap.piicar.ion -was
,.Vr.^.(le'On';be.half-'-..of ".- Platte. to Judge
."..I^a^r-o. ;^Rd /a ."¦c-Jy.n ' order- 6T arrest was
:Issue<i' -late-'to-daS-.'/It .w.as..not served.
•¦^ibyii : fg)3t, :; ..as- it/was foun-i impossible
\t<jf. «nter.\tfi.e ' woman 'Js hoii;^. ..'.-..
. : .vTl)^ough.h>V:at5C:fney. Mrs. "Ellas de
| rlar^a -to.-d-ay. she."vvotijd .contest every
¦• ineii .•/}'£ -" ground, and. that "it would- net
.^befpUhtl- possible .to take* from" -her .any
.."Of t.he.imaney, ; \vhich, en'e declares, is
W§«tYull $ ."het-s." ''/¦•Sfie. deiries threats or
• black-ma.H. -'and 'promises .-that jf she is
,'prefese<}: too'.' far ishe- • wiji : - j f evgal ' .other
'..^aiiers,.. -riep. attorney; -^is a.sked^ [
,-;-'-Il6vC:.about-.the*n:ing"o.f.a"bmh. <er
•/ti-fitfate,v'>yii4n a.chJld-w'as bben to her
.a-'year.'^g'oj-.w'hi-ch. declared .-that "the
child.. -was- .white and-, that" it's fa(h?r
•^s:.;j<?hn:.Pl.attie eriJ then, when the
..baby jiled,- '.the" .filing. of a deaifh ce«N
.fic : a{e stating. ..that •" -the- - ; cnihj. • was a
-'EegrVi.?'': .•,"¦...¦•. ' • •. "•'.• I*. ; •
' "--He" .replied: -..vi that matter
• over' -fully. -w'ityi- Mrs.. Eilas,- and lam
¦ prepare.^., to. ."meet squarely • -any issue
" wKlrff^maV be -. raised'- -'ui oennection
.' with • those- certificates.".". . '• . • •}'<
S^eCihj TT.fr-atrh-to Tie CalL
%^S^tjc|rtimi * of- $700,000
JS^s^tfie Reward He ; Re^
W&iiM for Aiding \\"pmaii
' They reached St. Louis last Friday,
and wishrng to avoid here the noto
riety which their riches have given
them in. the East, they passed the fine
hotels and sequestered themselves in
an". unpretentious boarding-house in the
AVest End. They have been seeing the
fair and the city in the bliss of the
community's "ignorance that they are
here. Smi.th said. to-night: ;" •
'•-The stprles .about the money are
true, but it is not true that I have
planned to set the world afire spending
It.** I have begun a quiet enjoyment of
our new \vealth. I have come here
s\ ; ith my. wife and the children and
are' 'seeing the fair. We are plain peo
ple, and have shrunk from putting on
the style- jnit on by other rich people
•at fh.e big-hotels."
The. Smiths are seeing everything.
The head:of the house, is not "blowing
himself," as- Eastern newspapers pre
dicted- he would,, but he is spending
money freely; arid the family is missing
•none of the big show or its auxiliaries.
• ST. LOUIS, June 1.— A St. Louis
newspaper.- to-day discovered "Bill"
Smith., the New Market, N. J., milkman,
who recently became famous by inher
iting JSOO.QOO from his sister, the late
Mrs. Charles L. Fairl The trip to the
World's Fair city, is the first venture
the 1 little family has made with Its un
expected riches. . { . .
. — ? .
Pptdal D4£patchto The CaJL
Suddenly Enriched Milkman
; Dislikes Putting on Style
and Evades Big Hotels
Governor of Ohio Sends' Sol
diers to Scene at Iron
ton and Crowds Disperse
Government 'Announces That.
r Bandits:. Will- Be ; Held
Responsible for Captives
OUTBREAK THREATENED
AYEARY OF NOTORIETY
Vessel Is Reported to ;Be
Ashore on^ the Coast i
ofLiadtungiJ;
Czar Is Said to Favor a
Prompt Movement by
Main Army.
Brown Men Leave Two Hun
dred Dead on the Field ,
nf ' Tttttfp : • v
• VL JJtltl'IC.
WILL ENFORCE DEMANDS
Arrest of Youth for Shoot
r ing Mine Superintendent
Precipitates Disturbance
Xew 3Iarket Croesus Is Not
. "Blawing Himself," hut Is
Seeing the Whole Show
jM&V&ES : \ INGRATITUDE
S3j^JIe;;Ftr4 Het the Mu
;;^ifo;^V]ir)e showing Cali
-fornians. Gothahrs Sights
Russian Court Circles Clam
oring for Commander in
Chiefs Advance.
Rumor of a Disaster to the
Big Japanese Battle
ship Fuji.
Hore American ileri-of : jTar
} Bench jTorocco'.s Capital
."Prepared for Developments
Japanese Hurled Back by
Charging Cossacks at
Vagenfuchu.
PLATEE TALKS
OF MRS. ELIAS
"BILL" SMITH
AT THE FAIR
SHIPS ARRIVE
AT TANGIER
KUROPATKIN IS FORTIFYING HARBIN
AGAINST CONTINGENCY OF A SIEGE
TROOPS STOP
PLANS OF MOB
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 2, 1904.
2
v\. ADVEBTIS^MZNTS. "' : ': ,
¦ s : . —^ -7*"
i-i "Quality/? "quantity," "variety," "taste,-" . "service,": "price"—
these are the elements that have made* this Great .Store' San- Fran-
cisco's furniture center. \ ' / .^? ".•..'.'•-?-;
Three-piece parlor suit. .Mahogany finished frame. Beautifully
' polished. Colonial design. Best steel springs.. Uphols'tercd-.in fig-
ured damask. A suit that will give lasting satis- QQQ QCZ
faction. Price....... ...... :;...•¦. *p*m%J*\lO
We carry a vast stock of choice selections .m. Carpets-, Rugs,
Mattings, Oil Cloth and Linoleums. A GOOD JUDGE OF CAR-
PETS MUST BE A GENIUS. This department is in Jhe hands of
an expert, whose years of experience have fitted him. to .select only
the best. You get the benefit of his judgment at nb extra cost. You
will find the designs the best; the prices right.. .' . • * • ¦ v.
DRAPERIES — A magnificent selection of the world's :best prod-
ucts beautifully displayed on our drapery floor. Prices. always 1 the
lowest. ' . - r -
<£f *j3r,iMii Kv^*^^^ &fc JR"3l^^^B» JL'j^^^^S *
Will cut your fuel bill in half. If you are interested in household,
economy investigate the many advantages" of the RegaL Range.- We
give a practical demonstration every afternoon front i until'- 5, illus-
trating its marvelous baking qualities, as well as its dO.UH
economy in the consumption of fuel. Our-'terms' J« j ._ ..-.1,
are most liberal « ; .* ..." 7 ." '. u W^ CI^.
p^^^ys^^^ a^-^gjBsM«»flfsKBBBMMBiMasJi<^p^y' *i*<ip* t y a^^' JC *ttt/^^^\-4-y C. Jf*^?*«3 "
. JWfiPmBpPi
¦ ¦ Is a great deal harder than- jumping .
do'wn. And yet people who nave '
been for years rrrahmg down' ln'bcalth \
. txpect to jump back at 'once. • Jt takes. •
veers gen cf ally to make' a xian a co'n- •
f^--gj*_ • firjned dyspeptic, and he
*ili5\^^" F 233130^ «p«t to be cnrnl
vy^^j^Jinr in a few days; • *
g5?§^ J There is no quicker
ywfaf. ' taeansof cure for'dyspep-
£\/xjysa or other forms of ¦stomach
?& ¥ trouble tha» by the use of Dr.
VL/ Pierce'.* Golden Dis-
w' covery. It cures
. organs, of digestion ". jjSJ» YfA
end nutrition and builds' Uj« iKlL "i
up the body with sound; •• rSa* Jijft
flesh and solid rauscle. M jl f* J^
' " I mi taken neb two rears « ffiSm V 'S&L
«4T3." wr-iles Rr». \f. H. Pattrr- \\ I V>5^S»
son. of 'Whit? Cioud. Ala."." with X ;\-'VfGmt
what the doctors thought was ' ' f«piiSlV|Hiit !
Ifasiric trouble, indirection or JinU^U'iWjjBi |
nrn-oui dysp>cpi:a, also con- • ' (*!'!•>&<¦{."& •«
stipation aad itjactire liver. \>L'nM/
I w-ahin a dreadful condition. sviJ'iUf
Tf ied srvtral <J:iTprcnt dorters sJvl.SB •
irith but little result. I h»d ftp.! ?ffif\
jrotteo *o feeble that I was el- . ViUinllsVI
most past traveling about; ha<J f'V vik '« ItWl
goc down to 114 p*mds. I- • n:]iliti*tf*U
went end botirht »ix bottle* cf AVr fifT VI
•GoJdcn Medical Discovery.' /^i^lC^J
aud got the 'Ifel'.cU' and, />^5H^
« bejan, fo!!cm-iaf; dirrc- /^P«i
tiotu. When I bad taken /^^p Afc j
cbotal fire bottles I felt I I
¦rerjr much better and was l)»5f • I I
preatly improred, and I fc I •
treijrh'ed one Jinndrea and •l\ • 1 • % I
thirty -^ijUt p»unds. (will it l\ %l
¦ay that Dr. Pierce*! \\M V
Ktdicines are a God- .• V wjg . '1
•cud to poor suffering «4
kuciacitv, and I advise "^
-n> r.ui all chronic V -^Bjfi»7 _. *
sufferer* to'give thea- Win '
•"< 'air trul and they .XjJ^Sv .
vnil be satisfied.^ *
Accept no snbsti- vJ>v^*\
tettf for " Golden Medical Discovery."
There xs nothing "just 'as good" for
diseases of the stomach.
Dr. Pierce's Pleaaaat Pellets cure
biliousness and sicls h.eadache.Half of those who attend church'ser
vices regularly in Boston are Catho
lics. . . \
LOSES CUSTODY OP CHILD.— The Su
preme Court yesterday - refused the petition of
May Shaw that her daughter, Violet Lund
burg, be taken from the custody ot the So
ciety for tho Prevention of. Cruelty to Children
and given Into her own charge. She galdsh.e
had -not been notified of any attempt on the
part of any one to take the child away from
her. The girl disappeared from the Protestant
Orphan < Asylum last January and her where
abouts is at present unknown to the officials
af the children's society. 9
NEWPORT, H. L, June 1.— The sub
marine torpedo-boat Fulton was given
a • trial to-day in the presence of a
naval board, which observed her move
ments from the United States steamer
Hist. The Fulton was given a speed
run on -the surface and under water,
and was put through diving maneuvers
and a course of torpedo firing.
TORPEDO BOAT FULTON
\ ' ; IS GIVEN A TRIAD
be compelled to sail their ships under a
foreign flag- and the seamen would de
rive no benefit. . .1."
The Banta.Fe has the lowest rate and
best . service to Yosemlte Valley. To
holders of round-trip Eastern tickets
over any line, nnd to their friends ac
companying, they make a rate to Yosem
ite and return of $25 90.
A trip through the giant sequoias, tho
biggest trees in the world, Is Included
without extra charge. ¦" ' • ¦ ¦ ¦ .-
Passengers are taken Into the Valley
one way and out another, over the "Dou
ble Loop," without extra charfee.
The scenery on the Santa Fe is far be
yond that on any other road to Yosem
itc. • .
Ask for folder at Santa Fe bfllce, 641
Market stroet; ~ : •
$25.90 There and Back.
CHEAP RATES TO YOSEMITE.
BOSTON, June 1.— The Congressional
Merchant Marine Committee, of which
Senator -Gallinger is chairman, resumed.
Us sessions in this city to-day.
.' Daniel : Emery. of John Emery & Co.
•of Boston, owners of ships sailing to
all parts "of the world,, advocated the
repeal of every present law governing
.€he high seas -and the adoption of the
present British laws. -
: The hearim? took a lively turn while
F. E. Atkinson, an importer, was testi
fying, on. account of an exception which
Sfenatot- Lodge took, to one of the wit
ness' statements. Atkinson said he was
convinced that' one 'of the- most Jm
pftrtant requirements In the upbuilding
oi the American merchant marine was
the.rerfioval ot the tariff oneteel plates,
•which He said' was extravagant and un
just. Senator Lodge remarked' that ex
perts had placed the Increased 'cost for
•plates at less than 5 per. cent.' Atkin
son answered that he understood that
•ships «f the same type could be made
abroad. Jo-r 65 per cent of the construc
•tibn co8t'in this country.
William H. .Krazier, secretary of the
International Seamen's -Union,- pointed
out abuses existing In the present marl
j.tlmc lawn, arming them too long a pe
riod of- continuous duty • required of
lookouts .'and Insufficient wages. When
.the question of the employment of for-
sailors was discussed 'Frazler was
asked: . . . "
• *'If sailors- can be engaged for $7 a
month';' what effect will -the. enforced
-employment •- of men at J5 a month
Have on 'comrnerce?" ' , •*
•Frazier replied: "I never look into my
employer's business."
; "Jt f was suggested by/'the commission
'that If Frazier's recommendations were
.carried out American shipowners would
TUCSON, Ariz., June 1.— After a. ten
days' chase, \ Tom Rlnning, captain* of
the rangers, and JacK Foster, the
plucky little Deputy United States
Marshal, yesterday captured Will
Woods and Kid Fluker near Paradise,
a new town in Cochise County.
Woods and Fluker are the two most
notorious men of the road In this
country and the officers knew that
they could not be taken without a fight.
The officers caught the trail of the
renegades at Paradise, striking that
camp a few hours after they had left.
At the San Simon ranch, Kinnijig. and
Foster were but a short distance.be
hind the fugitives and a few miles
further on they came upon the out
laws cooking their noon meal outside
of a lonely cabin in the foothills.
Fluker and his partner took refuge
in the cabin and, poking their rifles
out between the logs, opened fire. The
officers ran behind trees and rocks and
then put bullet after bullet through the
cracks of the cabin, compelling the out
laws to lie flat on the floor. In which
position the-v could do very little firing.
In this way Rinning and Foster closed
In on the cabin and made a rush for
the door. The outlaws surrendered;.
They were taken to Nogales, as- the
crimes for 'which they will be tried
were committed in Santa Cruz County.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Captain of Arizona -Rangers
and a Deputy United
States Marshal in a Battle
Briefly stated, the Gayley process of
making steel is a modification of the
Bessemer process, which revolutionized
iron and steel industries. The process
will be applied to the manufacture of
pig iron as well as steel. Friends of
Gayley assert that the process will
greatly cheapen the cost of production.
For years Gayley has been working
on the process. He has recently told
his friends that his experiments con
ducted at the Isabella furnaces in the
Pittsburg district 'belonging to the
United States Steel Corporation have
Indicated that the new method will
prove a practical success. It Is under
stood that they have resulted In reduc
ing the moisture of the air applied in
the converting of ore to pig iron and
steel. Other new features have also
been introduced. • ;.
NEW YORK, June 1.— Steel and Iron
men throughout the world will be In
terested to learn that James Gayley,
vice president of the United States
S"teel Corporation, af'.er a long series
of experiments, has practically per
fected a new process for making steel
•which he believes will greatly reduce
the cost to manufacturers.
Special Dispatch to The Call
LOS ANGELES. June 1. — Armed
only with a hoe, Mrs. Mary Perkins,
a w.idow residing in East Lbs Ange
les, put to flight a burglar, who was
armed with a revolver. In his depar
ture he left a trail of blood from sev
eral wounds which the plucky woman
inflicted. . Mrs. Perkins was working
in her garden when she heard a noise
in the house, and she at once started
to Investigate.
• As she entere'd her bedroom she
came upon a man in the act of rifling
a dresser drawer. The man heard her
and turning started to draw a pistol,
but she was too quick for him. Rais
ing her hoe she struck him on the
head with the blade. He tried to
grapple with her, but she eluded his
grasp and struck him another blow,
which sent him to his knees. Then
she began calling for help and the
man staggered out of the house, close
ly pursued by the woman. She suc
ceeded In striking him a third blow,
but did not fell him. When assistance
reached her Mrs. Perkins gave a de
scription of the man and then, as If
such encounters were every day af
fairs, returned to worl»in her garden.
The hurglar made his escape, but he
carried away no booty.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Boston Ship Owner Advo
cate^ to Marine Committee
Adoption of British Eules
Acretna.ted adult human. body leave*
a residuum of gray ashes .wh'ich alto
gether- do not weigh more than about
two pounds. ; " - ' ->.-,'-.
OFFICERS TRAP
THE FUGITIVES
FIGHTS THIEF
WITH A HOE
WOULD REPEAL
MARITIME LAW
FINDS A NEW
STEEL PROCESS
that Deletraz was induced to sign tly3
will In order to have medical attend
ance, there Is not 'one' word '-of truth.
Deletraz came to the o.fflce voluntarily,
and, as far as I know,' was acting ajt
he. desired.." i. • ?*. •• .
When asked concerning the foregoing
dispatch from Montana, Abraham Ruef
said last night:
"On January 8," 1904, Deletraz came
to my office and. dictated a will and
named Louis Michau as the bene
ficiary. He arid Michau appeared to
be great friends. I did not personally
draw the will, but it. was drawn in
my office, at the dictation of Deletraz.
When Deletraz died the instrument
was sent to the Fort Benton First Na
tional Bank for probate. The action
taken there is evidently for the pur-'
pose of fighting the will drawn here
in January, . but as the attorney for
the legatee under that will, I will cer-.
tainly fight. It. As to the statement
' Ladles are cordially Invited to visit th<»
new gas jraugre and heating depar/tinent
of San" Francisco Gas and Electric Co.,
4-15 Post St.. now open for inspection. *
"Citizens of Vallejo, I little thought
twenty-five years ago, when I as a lad
ran about- the streets of Vallejo, that
an occasion like this would arise. I
doubt my ability, but this much I can
Congressman Theodore Bell, the
father of the bill which gives to the
coast the appropriation providing for
the construction of the collier, followed
Metcalf. The reception Bell met with
as he "took the bridge" well nigh over
came him. For several minutes after
the cheers of the # Val!eJoltes subsided he
could not speak, """sen he did succeed
in finding his voice he said:
"Citizens of Vallejo," he Bald, "I
cannot say to you anything more than
Senator Perkins has said. When .Cali
fornia sent forth the good ship "Oregon
to defend the flag of our country, the
fame of the Western workman spread
from one end of the .world to the other.
Many of the men who drove the rivets
that hold together the steel plates of
the Oregon are working on the yard
to-day. We know that when you get
the collier to build — and get it you will
—we know that ybu will show that you
can build a man-of-war."
speech of Senator Perkins had not sub
sided by any means when Congtessman
Victor H. Metcalf "took his stand upon
the bridge."
upon the miniature bridge of the min
iature 'collier and made a hit by at
once remarking that he hoped at some
day in the near future to tread the
decks of a vessel every bit as good as
the little ship that the mechanics of
Mare Island had seen fit to furnish as
a sample of what they could do if giv
en a chance. The Senator followed his
trite remark by a reference to the rep
utation Western workmen have in the
East. "When the Oregon sailed from
San Francisco to Santiago," said Sen
ator Perkins, "and accomplished a
voyage seldom if ever equaled by this
or iany other navy, the reputation of
California's workmen ~xas assured.
You men of Valiejo, many of whom as
employes of a private concern helped to
fashion the grand old Oregon, ha -e
done just as good work while working
for Uncle Sam. You made of the trans
port Grant a vessel to be proud of.
Stick to it, you men of Mare Island,
and California and I assure you that
when you drive the last rivet In the
collier that surely must be built here,
that rivet will be the means of bring
ing you a chance to take part in the
construction of a. vessel that carries
the stars and stripes, not as a common
carrier, but as a defender, a man-of
war."
The applause that ¦ followed : the
FRANK R. DEVLIN. PRESIDENT OP THE VALLEJO CHAMBER OF COM
MERCE. AND- OTHER PROMINENT MEN WHO PARTICIPATED IN THE
RECEPTION AT THE MARE ISLAND NAVT-TARD.
SANTA BARBARA... June 1. — Ves
sels passing .up and down the channel
to-night are in danger' of .- colliding
with a large section Qf the wharf a.t
Alcatraz Landing, abqut" forty miles
above this- city.. . ' ' .. •
The .steamer Lackme ran 'into anjl
completely wreckeQ the' wharf -about
•two weeks ago in attempting! to- make
a landinsr. The warehouse and 200
feet of the wharf were. set adrift, but
made fast to the shoreby large czrblea.
During a heavy wind "this morning
the cables parted arid the. wreckeil
wharf and. warehouse were drive-re- out
to sea by the gale. * ' . . % -. ' y.
. The Pacific Coast -Steamship Com
pany's agent at this place was" notified
and all masters of vesse.lr. leaving port
here have been warned 1 . The steiim^r
Santa .Rosa, which left- here at 8
o'clock, put out to sea* seve.ral mile's
farther than the course usually, tak^n.
The wharf and warehpuse are_ built
of heavy timbers and.- a disastrous
wreck would be the result sho-uld a
ship ram into it. " ' * - -*-. -
A message to the Morning Press of
this city from Alcatraz stated that, the
warehouse could be seen abowt four
miles off shore at sundown.' •'
Sjpeclal Dispatch to The Call
Deletraz died In California several
months ago, leaving a will dated No
vember 7, 1903, in which Mrs. Charles
N. Pray was named as the beneficiary,
with W. J. Mosholder Of San Diega»as
executor. Banker Michau appeared on
the scene several weeks ago with an
other will -purporting to have been
dated January. 8 last, in which. he is
made the heir to the Deletraz estate.
FORT BENTON, Mont., June 1.—
Louis Michau, a San Francisco banker,
and Attorney Abraham Ruef, also* of
San Francisco, are charged with hav
ing obtained through fraud and undue
Influence the signature of G. F. Dele
traz to a will leaving an estate worth
about JGOOO to the banker. In the
charges filed to-day by Charles N. Bray
of Fort Benton and W. J. Mosholder of
San Diego, it Is alleged that Michau
and Ruef succeeded through a con
spiracy In Inducing Deletraz to sign an
Instrument, representing to the latter
that such a course was necessary In
order to provide ' him with medical
treatment, Deletraz at that time being
seriously 111. Deletraz, it Is alleged,
was wholly ignorant of the contents of
the paper he signed.
Special Dispatch to The Call
. -Senator Perkins Was the man of the
hour. He promptly stepped forward
upon the .call of Qevlin, took his place
..A feature of the parade not arranged
for wa3. the stopping of the miniature
collier at the corner- of Georgia and
Sacramento streets by the excited pop
ulace and ¦ the demand • for speeches
from'the guests of the evenirig. For a
time Frank R. Devlin, who as president
-of the Chamber of Commerce managed
the parade, 'was nonplused, but the
repeated • demands of the crowd eoon
showed, him. that speeches were 'neces
sary te prevent the. blockading of the
parade,,
All along the line of march the en
thusiasm was remarkable. The side
walks were thronged with people, men,
women and children. Every man, wo
man and -child in the vast crowd had
the interests of Vallejo and" Mare Is
land at" heart, with the result that as
the parade progressed. the noise became
most intense. "Three times three for
Mare Island, Bell, Perkins; Metcalf and
our collier,'.' was the oft-repeated cry.
"California skins Washington," came
next, arid last, but not least, was the
call for cheers for Bell, Perkins and
Metcalf . , '
' The men in line marched up Virginia
street to Marin, thence to Georgia to
Sacramento,, aiong Sacramento street
to Virginia, along that thoroughfare
to. Virginia and from Virginia to Geor
gia and- thence to the Elks" Hall. At
the latter point the • parade termin
ated.
sturdy throng, and after the workmen
marched the .Vallejo Fire Department,
helmetedand redshirted and proud In
: the fact.;that the two. engines drawn
by Its members bore the name of Sloat
and Farragut, names, of naval heroes
' tl}at are sworn to in Vallejo. . •
.CROWDS VIEW PARADE.
Heavj .Timbers and a Ware^
house Set Adrift in the
Santa Barbara : Channel
Beneficiaries l>y a Former
Instrument Prepare for a
Contest in 3Iontann Court
GALE DRIVES
WHARF TO SEA
ATTACK WILL
OF DELETRAZ
"Do as you have done," said Schmitz,
"and the reputation of California work
men, the foundation of which was laid
when was laid the keels of the Charles
ton, the Olympia, the Oregon and the
Monadnock, will enable you to demand
that your navy yard be given a chance
to build something besides a collier."
The banquet ended the day's demon
stration and was a most enjoyable af
fair. It was presided over by George
J. Campbell, secretary of the Vallejo
Chamber of Commerce.
Toastmaster Campbell called upon
Senator Perkins to respond to the
toast, "Our Honored Guests." The
response of the Senator was a-felici- ;
tous one, a3 was also the response of
Lieutenant Governor AJden Anderson
to the toast .of "California."
Walter* MacArthur responded to the
toast of "Organized Labor and Its Re
lation to the Navy Yard." The re
sponse of Frank R. Devlin, president
of the Vallejo Chamber of Commerce,
to the toast, "The Vallejo Chamber of
Commerce," brought forth hearty
cheers from the banqueters and a simi
lar reception was given the remarks of
Cor»gressman V. H. Metcalf, who, when
called upon, told what he knew of
"Governmental Shipbuilding."
James Roney, Vallejo's Mavor, told
what he knew of "Vallejo, Its Past,
Present and Future," and Mayor
Schmitz responded to the toast, "The
City of San Francisco."
The "United States Navy" was the
toast to which Rear -Admiral B. H. Mc-
Calla was called to respond. His re
marks were remarkably trite and
brought home to his hearers the fact
that "The Navy," as viewed from the
standpoint of Admiral McCalla, is an
institution of which we should be
proud. .
Mayor Eugene E. Schmitz took the
place of Congressman Bell, when the
latter, while the- cheers of the Vallejo
ites rang in his ears, stepped from the
bridge. Mayor Schmitz was given a
hearty greeting. His speech was very
short and was practically a repetition
of the words of the men who had pre
ceded him. He closed his remarks with
the wish that the mechanics of Mare
Island and the men of Vallejo would
seriously take the words of Senator
Perkins and Congressmen Bell and
Metcalf.
can do the work. Your yard is 'as fine
a plant as the Government owna. The
regult is inevitable.
"The collier I know you can build
will bring you a warship, and I can
safely say that once a man-of-war Is
built from keel to truck by you me
chanics of the West, there shall not
be wanting further opportunity ; to
show your skill. The little vessel upon
the bridge of which I stand is a sample
of the skill of the men of Vallejo and
Mare Island. Though small, it is com
plete in every detail. Do as well when
you lay the keel of a vessel the Gov
ernment wants built and you will sat
isfy Uncle Sam."
ADDRESS BY MAYOR.
say: men of Vallejo, do as you have
done and the collier I hope to see built
in this yard will prove but an entering
wedge In the great work that I feel can
be done by you men of Vallejo. Do
as well with the collier that surely will
be built here as you have done with the
vessels that have come to you for re
pairs and it will only be a matter of
time when you can command, not a
collier but a man-of-war to build. You
• Hea'ded.by- a cordon o'f^olic'e, under
command -of Chief ; of Police • William
T.. -¦Stanford", the parade sfaited, Grami
ilarshar, Jolm' Bro\^nli'e. : and 'a. doien
aids- -foliowed the bluecoats .and 'then
.camp ' the. /.famed 'M"are ; Island Station
KaBd.1 ..FoJlowing the b<rnd wepe the
cyestfi "6f- honor'-and behind them the
pride ; ic.f'.T.a.ll?3o,' 'a'- float,' a" miniature
c.611Icr.- buiit; by M*are' Inland workmetil
Aft>rv the collief .came the •workm.en,.a
: : J-tvi-^?: riot ufttil 8 x>.' m. xhat the pep
rJeNof'.VilU-jo ha.«l a enance .to; show
¦thfeir' eppre'eiatibn- -of- the efforts of
BeJU M«t.calf "and ' ' Perk'Cns.-- At -that
hpur;X»OO' w.o'rkmen,. employed en ilare
Islaird,;-' aise'mbled-. at the foot of Vir
fir-ii street and- awaited -the arrival of
the', dis'tinsxilstfe.d guests. The latter
•*-er«e 'prompt,-- for Julj. a^ the in
the-. .harbor struck' eight, bells, they ar
rived..:. ¦: • ••' - • .. -"-. • . ¦',:. • . '
. • TheVreceptibn.to- the- California rep
n'peTita.Tives ¦' hiarked an • epocb In the
fr^oiy? «f . Valiejij;'-- .For ' years,' in' fact
r . i -?incV ¦ tBe. : Wooden -rShip Mohrcan.
the -P.r6duct.9f 3fa_r> -.Island skill; glided
Ur.atel.til>' .clqivn' the 'ways,, it "has been
; o r ",:y a iiej G }tes.ihat- at some-
Ume. -the . principal : c.oas't- naval station
¦>vo?ild be rfeivtn 'q- eh.anc{? to buiLd a
y*sSeJ;o'f ; k.eel,/ Fucti. -a \ vessel • as has
beeu :turnr?<f; out-.; by .- prjvate -concerns
'^P^Sfi^^rzi-nkYy- yards. "The plant
is' liere'; .the.' EkiH' is'htfe;- .Give us a
,!jas lpn-g/be^n the "cry from
Marf .Jslaija. Eiven; though' it . be only
a Voitior v :;rarte. : l4liir(i'v\ants it. • -
' . ClIEJ^iiSFijOM WORK3II2X.
The collier js.to. be;- bu.ilt'.ou-tliis- coast
f or a certainiyj Whethef at .^'remertxjn
or Mare . Island r.JS/. to. -'be decidedl '.All
Vailejo.botjes /Mare Island will- capture
ih^ : : prize.; iJt'Burely 5 wUl Tiijlesa the
hearty ; premises '. : niade t O-iight aroutfji
a; banijuet-.bloard,. where >--orkirian .and
Conktessman;. Senator a^id merchant,
-naval .officer ;ind. citizen niiscussed be,
tw*?nc0urses. the cteds' and-.ijTerlts i)t
Mare ; l^iafld coiiht X or haiight. :'¦
v^^niifc-m^^^jBei^li; Mare. Island is
ca^atfe- of;.b.mldihg- a jollier! '.Admiral
JJAcCJaila/ .than' wrioni, there is none .bet
ter.; irif drjh^i. ."saVs. : go.- - Congressmep.
•Bell:ind ; At.etca:!f- say. -soVand f.he work
ratn-of. Mare- island say. po. 'Senator
Perkins; is. posktve-tijat-. Mare Island
ca;n -tern: olit. die. best vesse; tha't floats.
S.o in • VallVjq-.the- siogdn is, "We want
;tb- ;bu(!a a ;cq.llier_' 6r, : dackihg'.a- coal
Jt-afrrief: : a sftip- that .t\ill{ be a credrt to
"ih«. cod«.C -5N'e -can build anything tha't
rtnats.v." ¦¦::.:¦;. '¦.. , . - '.:¦¦:'¦ ¦ •-.' '• .
The ¦ .reception . tendered, them to-day
by. r :the.'. citizens ::o( Valiejb ] and the
Chamber -of ' iCom.iner-ce; '• wafl warm
enough and /substantial enough to con
vince them -thai • e ver>' . word . they ut
t^riid .before : genate\and- House'on Mare
Ifiland'is behalf ;eGhpi?d ! across -ihe con
tinent: and found permanent lodgment
in .Varie^o; ; whose. . residents .. depend
laVgelyV :^ap©n">^ar.e...lslaiidi" and -who
therefore -.are. i^: a; position, to fully-ap
preciate the long/ hajrd struggle. of Cal
if drr.ia's. representatives. .- ¦ ' .' '• ,
.:
: VALL.EJO, Juae il— A desire "to 8.how
the ; rnemb-ers -of California, detega
tipn. that, their ,efforts:on . behalf- of
Mare Island.. NaVy* Yard are "appreciat
ed bTdught. the. cirizeris. df VaUeJo 'out
en ' masse.. t6-fcight. .Senatqr George C.
Perkins and -Congressmen Victor Met
caif and TheofloT'e. Belt, 1 vino during- the
last session of Congress- worked long
Jmd- hard -/to -have -the. xharlta of Mare
Island; recognized, and finally* succeeded
in Becurin's ah." appropriation "fcr the
•building .of. a collier -on. - the :. Pacific
Coast, need ; not fear that they have
been working for a thankless constit
uency; so ;far as Vallejo ia -concferned.'
«i>*cliU t>lsj«tc3j tor Tie C*U.
pistjiTrgiiisheid : vMen
Speeches,^
Assurances Given
for Building
Warship.
\ I
¦'¦:¦ Delegation: ;•
Citizens Applaud
and Call for
VALLEJO CITIZENS ENTHUSIASTICALLY GREET
FRIENDS OF THE THE MARE ISLAND NAVAL STATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", THURSDAY, JUNE 2, 1904.
3
•; -. ". ".':' . : A35XTEBTISE1IE1JTS.
.\-it','srckly:- ; women;. .only, knew the
.value of f he : Bitters a' tonic, rega-
Jato'r and Jieajth • maker;- they wbuld
¦ sever use -any mother. -Tiiousands have
fotrfjd- this true. -We Jiope. you'll, try
it ' aX once... It." cures Sick' Headache;
Cramp v .Bloating,. "Backache arid
Fainting "Spells. . '•'"'.•• '
-.•'¦¦¦. No Breakfast Table " .
•" '• .Complete "Without .-• ¦
* .. . The Cream of Cocoas. •
• " • tfbe -.-Most Nutritious .
¦ ••*:' , and. Economical, *. "•• ¦
. '. ;.B e t ter * - i h a n '. "m o n o v '
Schillirig's'-Re.st is'aS good fo.'.
r yoA as ;ir!is for your 'grocer
dad mdrieyE&ck." " • • •
* ~^ ADVEBTISEMEUTS. : .
PE-RIMA MADE KNIFE UNNECESSARY
MRS. EVA BARTHO, 133 East 12th t< ~ : ,'•
St., New York City. N. Y.. writes: I . ; • ¦ ' - . ¦ . ' '.' ', f
"I suffered for three years with leu- '? ' ; : . ,/£§^-j£sBV?v*. '
corrhea and ulceration of the womb. The Iv • '•• \z^f^^^^^ • ',','
doctor advocated an operation which I I; ';«V.* ' '• f$5i^lsii*^§|y*j$ >"
dreaded very much and strongly objected * i/; '^Sr^j^ijy. .
to go under it. Now I am a changed wo- ?. 'j£%uZf^^miit^^'^^!$\!$ '
man. Peruna cured me; ft took nine bot- * ; ' V- i&& '
ties, but I felt so much Improved I kept it;
taking it- as I dreaded an operation so ! \ '¦; /liv^^^'^^S^^y^/^^^F^ -
much. I am to-day in perfect health and * ', Wf^^r^^^^^^^'^^M-'^^^S^i "
have not felt so well for fifteen years."— " ; !
more, N. Dak.; Mrs. Senator War- J \ P^^&^^^^b|^jfe .-; •
Lockwood and Mrs. General Long- '; ;"?
Miss Helen Rolof, Kaukauna. Wis., ' ' \ liSaaBKlMpJIrj % I KM jSflBJgv; I .' '
"Several times during; the past two * ', f||P^f^*p<fi^ 5*3 l^^^^= ' f
| years or more my system has been' great- ' sKLSf^JSsSSlwB bS*^^^ ¦ ~ I ' "•
I ly in need of a tonic, and at those times " ! ;^^^> ft-§$y3BPigg^ r ¦ , ti
I Peruna has been of great help in build- R' 1 ' B'r*''lgr^^^^^-J— —^=lTT* ! i
| ing up the system; restoring my appetite i " ¦ jlj"1«~M'TTVL'^ ' ~?~— ' i
and securing restful sleep." — Helen Ro- I ,'¦> **SX~*aQsSms$z- -^-=-r-==r— —-J , ,
lof. ' . • • ' > , , •
Miss Muriel Armltage. 36 Greenwood ',','' MRS. EVA' BARTHO. '. ,,
I Ave., Detroit. Mich.. District Organizer ' ' .- * ¦-.";,,
of the Royal Templars of Temperance, u i~~~~~~~*?~>~~~>~~~~~~r+~~>r>~~i~.*J
: writes as follows: »»»>««»¦»»»»».«««««'-«;««.*.«
"I suffered for five years with uterine • • . - - ' • : .
irregularities, which brought on hysteria i least I ha.d prolonged headacrue.' ' I am
and made me a physical wreck. I tried now In perfect health, enjojc life and
doctors from the different schools of have neither an. a.che nor pain, thanks to
¦medicine, but without any perceptible Peruna." — .Lucy II. Rlley.. ' . ...
change in my condition. In my despair) It is no longer a question, a* to whpth--'
I called on an old nurse, who advised me ; er Peruna -can be relied -on to curt- all
to try Peruna, and promised good results j such ca'Sies. During the many- years in
if I would persist and take it regularly, j which -Peruna- has been i>iH: to t«*st in all
I kept this up for six months, and stead- i forms and- stages of acute and chronic-
ily gained strength and health, and when catarrh no one. year has put this remedy
I had used fifteen bottles I considered to greater lefct than Tho pa.«t year. •
myself entirely cured.' I am a grateful. .If all the'woroen who- 'are juifrerinir
happy woman to-day." — Miss Muriel Ar- with any form of female Weakness 'woulJ
mitage. write to Dr. Hartman. Columbus. Ohio'.
Miss Lucy M. Riiey, 33 Davenport St.. and give him a complete description of
Cleveland. Ohio, writes: their symptoms arid the peculiarities of
"I wish to add my endorsement to their troubles, he will imntedlajtelj* reply
thousands of other women who have been with complete directions '.for treatment,
cured through the use ot Peruna. I suf- fre'e of "charge. ' •• • ' .- •
fered for five years with severe . back- j Address Dr: Har-tman. President of Thte
ache, and when weary or worried In the ! Hartman Sanitarium-. "Coluiiibus, .Qhio.
ADVERTISEMENTS.' •; •' .' :>. : . . •. * "•
For Business Wear, $ 130..
In our hat windows to-day you .will see hats at 81*30. 81.05.*
92.50 and 8R.OO. Every man's' means *s represented In" this ran««
of prices. . . ' . ' s • ' !
The only' way we can convey to. you the. Quality we give at each '
¦particular price is to state that our •prices are fully one-fourth less
than those. of exclusive Mat dealers.
At these pjrices- we have all the stylish shapes and colors.
We picture two of the styles. Such hats a} $1.30 *re certainly
bargains. ¦ • ... . * . . •
Golf .caps, with Indestructible visors, 45c.* f-"\' -¦.** ¦-""'
-. Mail orders filled— write us. •
740. Market Street. .• s ILEADVILLE, Colo.; June 1.— Jacob
O. Heimberger, ex-editor and proprietor
of ? the Herald-Democrat, i died at * his
home* in this city to-day after an : ill-*
nes of about ten days. He was 37 years
Colorado Editor Dies.
/CHEYENNE, Wyo., June 1.— In
political circies it is' considered prac
tically certain that the Wyoming dele
gation • to the.^National - Democratic
Convention will be instructed for Wil
liam R. Hearst for President by the
State convention, which will meet in
this ..city
Hearst Will Get Wyoming.
ATLANTA, .' Ga.; • June . 1.— After a
red hot fight over the question as. to
whether the word "request" or "in
struct*' should be used in resolutions
favoring the nomination, for President
of Judge Alton B. Parker of New York
the State Democratic Convention at
a late hour this afternoon adopted res
olutions by a vote of 165 14. to 157%;
by which the delegates to the nation-i
al convention are instructed to vote aa
a y unit for Judge Parker.
Delegation Is Instructed and the Unit
Rule Will Prevail.
PARKER WINS GEORGIA.
LO!». ANGELES . IS "' OWNER ,
•OP THE WATER SYSTEM
. plctes Pui*cliu.sc and Bank
• • * Ace#j)ts Bonds.
City-'Cbuncv in Special Session -Com -
• LOS ANG-ELES. June 1.— The City
Council, at a special session to-day
completed the j>urchase of Ihe works
of the' Lbs Angeles and West3ide" Wa
ter companies of the city by ordering
the. payment of the ..purchasing price,
5337,500.- The issue of city bonds for
that amount was taken at their face
value by the Farmers' and Merchants'
Batik. • The city now owns it3 entire
water works system.
Section of Salt Lake Railroad Track
Completed and Oflicials Are
Visitors.
FIRST. TRAIN ARRIVES
AT SAN BERNARDINO
SAN BERNARDINO, June l.-rThe Y
of the Salt Lake Railroad is finished,
and this forenoon the first train, a spe
cial, arrived in San Bernardino,-^bear
ing T..C. Peck, T. P. QuHum and E. W.
Gillette of the Salt Lake road and W.
A. McGovern, Thomas McCaffery and
S. P. Ellison of the Southern Pacific.
On leaving here -the special went east.
Man Wnnteil for Burglary.
SAN JOSE, June 1.— H. Anheiser,
wanted at Redwood City for burglary,
was arrested in this city last night. In
January last Anheiser entered a resi
dence at that place'. and stole a shot
gun, a. gold watch and chain, an ame
thyst pin and other articles. Anheiser
was taken to Redwood City to-day.
The man* is an -ex-convict, having
served three . and a half years In San
Quentln; for burglary committed in San
Francisco. - .'ffiRJPOHB
Baseball is played on the diamond,
but that's no reason Why it shouldn't
be played on : the square. .= , : . ':¦'¦¦•
". :-. RElStJlUG.'.'.J.uKe . .1:.— S16t ..J^achjaw ¦****
tuTiied to the wall' In ¦ Siiasta Gounty.- to-day.-
The recent -Gran-* Jury; ¦i^eotnmvn&.ea. .that tUo
ni»flhin«i» b* abdnshed en Jlini» !»• ' . . • '
Policeman W. T. Hooper of the
cruelty to animals detail filed his re
port for the month of May with Chief
WIttman yesterday. He had inves
tigated 42 cases of' working lame
horses, 5 galled, 2 slck.and 9 worn
out. , besides one case of beating and
whipping. He had prosecuted 9 cases,
obtained 6 convictions, one. was dis
missed and two are pending. The fines
amounted to $50. He had examined
377. grading and hauling teams and
had killed* two horses, a cow and a
dog. " • .
Hooper Files His Report*
'. DIVINGS1*ON. Mont., Jtfne J. — Thi* mornth»
'the-ratte to ttie ET^jit. Yeliowmbne National
.P»rk werie thrown open to the public. anil tbe
•4-u£b to w.cmdtfljand for the Eea»on.ol 1PC4 Is on.-
tl.rbin ¦ hbnses, or- Itir: one ot. .th*. many Walki
¦il.co" -the '¦¦wcdtfs-. arid 1 xanyftn*' and ihmch or- dr-ie
at Any 'Of the. se"y.?i3tl'.de.HBhl:iiJ. wavside -Inns
Bi»d resorts,: fait* the North • &Hore- Miburban
ti^ctrlc trains tvls S^u^llta. Fsrcy. foot M<t>)c. t
sir^eti lor ¦ : ?'a«yalUo. ili-If -Valley.' Cark«(«ir
Cnnycii. Ros» Valley or- San* R^fief '&t •}:•«»,
7 Air, T;45 V g-.-JS: »:15J0;0O. ril:»H). U\H> a, oi..
ji.'Ju, lUO; :Ji'.n. 4HKX. 4::a.-"5:t5, 5 :?O. * fr; •_•.-,.
TM5.. S-.-OOi,. " 10 :20 ,»Tid- ll':33 p r -m,. Extra, tripj
pn : ¥«nt1ftys at l J -p0.'-2:<!O-arid.3:l'S p. n),' Roun i
tfip'25oto 6Cic'. ' Return 'arry :-hnar during ttwi
any -Jtount Tarrinlfcate andwturn $1 PO." Call
for :"PhortjScehtcr Xrfps','- sit ticket o£flce. .tea
Market .st'rcst.;' ".'/¦¦'.-'. ¦.¦¦.'. •¦_. .< " • -.
: Vet tho»« who desire- a (iiy'ji.'outlng or *'yt«w
6i ihe hartsoti 'Golifelj'' <3atf, . Alcatra^ Prl9on;
: Fort ,MA*on and' Kan .Fxancisto'* choicest nub"-.
Suburban Tripd,
THE DALLES, Or.; June L— Norman
Williams, convicted murderer of .Alma
JCesbitt and her' mother, appeared in
Court] before Circuit" Judge. Bra'dthaw
this -afternoon and was sentenced to be
hanged. The execution was fixed for
Friday, July 22. .No motion for a new
trial \yas made, but counsel for the de
fendant has expressed an- intention of
appealing t6: the Supreme. Court.. .-V
lkimi Set, but La wye* Promises
':¦¦%' ¦' ¦ Appeal* ' ' ' ' y r:^
Date for thc..IIahging of Norman Wil-
MURDERER ON OI'.ECON
HlL\RS DEATH SENTENCE
¦ .BANTA • ROSA; June L-rEain, which'
has'-'been' threatening- for' th.e past few.
<a«.ys,' began- falling "this evening, 6ut
the^ .pretipita'tlqn'up to- S-p'riojck was
not ..fi.eavy .•¦..It.it continues it may do
da'mage to -the Cherry 1 , crop' ami new-:j
•'mownhaj'. ': '.. ¦ ".' : .y' : Ai 1 1
Rain Dampens Sonoma" Fields.
CHICAGO. June. 1.— Oliver W.
Stewart, chairman of the National
Prohibition Committee, said to-day:
"General Miles would without doubt
be nominated "by the Prohibitionists
at Indianapolis June 29 if he were
known to be' identified with the Pro
hibition party. His record In opposi
tion to the army canteen is one of
which. Prohibitionists are proud. They
confess to a great admiration for him.
If he were to state publicly that In
the coming, campaign, as a patriotic
citizen, he wpuld affiliate with th«
Prohibition .. party and support its
ticket my .'judgment is that there
would-be rio "other name proposed in
the national convention."
May Hare Prohibitionist Nomination
by Saying the Right Word.
— ?
CHANCE FOR GENERAL MILES.
BOSTON, June 1.— New England is
developing a sentiment antagonistic to
Senator Henry Cabot Lodge. President
Roosevelt's chief lieutenant, and his
friends fear he will not be elected. for
another term.
Senator Lodge has become unpopular
with Boston business n*en because of his
efforts to thwart them in their attempt
to obtain a reciprocal trade arrange
ment with Canada, and all through
New England there seems to be dissat
isfaction with his acts. Many New
England newspapers have been attack
ing him editorially and publishing let
ters opposing. His -methods, written -by
Republicans who have never before
been, known to publicly criticize any
thing which had" the appearance of
party doctrine. - :
Massachusetts Senator 3Iay Have to
Fight to Retain His Toga.
OPPOSITION TO LODGE.
SA'NTA ROSA. June l.—In the suit
of fhc Exchange Bank agalrtst Annie
Veir'g aijd L.- L.' Vfeirs, ;Ju"dge Alb.ert G.
Burnett rendered. an' opinion this morn
ing gtving Judgment- for the plaintiff.
While the judgni.ent 'was only on two
•notes aggte'gating $500;' the- decision
may' niean the transfer of over. $6000
from Velrs.to Various holders of
notes given by heif husband, a former
CourteiI'man 'of this city, who myste
riously, disappeared several months ago.
ceedings to Comi>cl Payment
¦• on Notes.. • -.
Santa. Rosa -Institution Wins, in Pro-
DECJSlOX OF JV COURT
'. '•'- IX FAVOR OF A BANK
SAN DIEGO, June 1.— A. special dis
patch from. Ensenada, Lower Califor
nia, says that shortly before » o'clock
this morning fire was discovered In the
basement of the Hqel Iturbide. In a
few moments the building was. envel
oped In flames that were beyond con
trol. Heroic efforts were made, to' save
the building. The loss of the hotel and
furnishings is complete. '¦' ; ¦*/:'¦_ :¦¦¦'¦¦_"_
~ The guests had been aroused arid fled
for safety, making hurried efforts to
gave their personal effects. Fortunately
there were only a few guests^ TbJe only
casualties were Hugh Player, br'okeri
arm, and H. J.. Steward, foot sprained.
. The hotel was built in. 1S87.; It. Was
a three-story frame building, owned by
the Mexican- Land and Colonization \
Company. It was weil known to trav-j
elers in Lower California. The loss
will be between $40,000 and $oO,000. pfac
ticaHy covered by insurance. The eausis;
of the fire is unknown. The American
consulate had offices in the building and
the greater part of- the records wer«|
destroyed by the fire. V - : :"
Manager J. N. Packard is in thi3
city. He says that the hotel was built
at a £ost of $65.000.. ' .v .- ". •' -. ,". : .' ' ¦' ¦' ; :' :
'¦ * — ."'».¦¦'.''' — ¦¦•¦.¦.-.•''-
Ladies are cordially tnvited. to visit the
new ga» range and heating department
of San Francisco Gas- and. Electric Co.,
415 Post St., now open for inspection;. •-
TUCSON,: Arit., June- i-.-rJim-. Smith,
who was shot. by Torn" Hunfy-proprie
tor ;if. an East roadwaty.' saloon. While
he waa " attempting:' to: hoia ". up the
place about a iQoiith ago. escaped from.
St. Mary's Hospital 4t Tucscin' to-day*
but .was captured by , tne officers- a
few. hours later. : . •; ¦'¦'¦';. : .' ••" ' •. ' ' .
Smith's, recovery. " has- bfeeri. . more
rapid than he led' the .Hospital- physi
clans-tQ believed They had Jaken. rea
$bnable. pre'eautidnsi. ;biit -Smith man
agad to get akiaifey'.wliich' he made
into • .k v :saw. afid. cut '¦"' thrbtlgb '.his
shackles, :jlis robin was on tbe grpunti
floor Tand he 'easily through k
¦wrindbw. " Hia:flignt..was discovered
for an .hour. -When.' ca light,-' he Waa
making.', for. the xailroaG to 'catch • an
outgoing freight ! train.. ' ¦ . '. '; ' • '- '•'.:
C SACRAM13XTO;. June 1.' — Attorney 1
Gfin^rAl JJ. ¦S.'y» r et>b^has .advised the !
•State ;B<?aTd; of Examiners.- that the;
: J30,O(DO iss?-u,c- ef stwer and. "water [
b6rids by tUe city of Antioch is legal:)
The/ board 'purchased* the bond-s some ¦
tin>e ago; contingent, upon the opinion j
of "the -Attorney General as to their!
legality/' :/-•. • ' -.-. : - ;' ¦ ';. - . . • r)j\
Atterney. General of the State- Renders ;
' : . .an Opinioxl on' the City's '-" j
;-;V> : '.-'.* -Issue:; . •- .-" -.-.. j
AXTIQCH AVAfElt BONDS - ' .. .
: : '•' '¦ -:.: •;- AltE ' DECEAKED tEGAL i
Hotel^ at Enseiiada, in
Lower Galiforiiia, Burns
in the Early Horning
Wpimtled : Patient V in ; -a
Tucson iiospital Eecovers
and Attempts His Escape
GUESTS HURRY
FROM FLAMES
SAWS SHACKLES
TO CHEAT LAW
/iiiss yCeidl AVard Becomes the Wife of]
-^/-;. '^^rih> ralswprth in-Vuba '. i
: )'C'^':{\y. -'..V",'. .' County.- • ' : " .'. i
¦ :i,Mi.RTSVILLE;. Jiihe 1.'— Miss Cecil
''^Vard.V daughter of Mr." ahd Mrs. W. |
"W'.-'Ward, anrd Vne "of 'Marysville's -fav- j
qrite. . daughters, \ras married at 9 1
'•o.'cLqck-.io-Htght to. CJiartes IL; Ells- j
.'vorth; a -. prprrtinsrit -"Sacramento busi- {
Jijess man. .The w.edding ; ias one o.f ;
theVprettiest'spcial events <3f the sea- j
-Bon- and -was altende'd by about. fifty :\
giie'stS. 1 Rev.- w! H. Stoy jfrt. the Epis- j
-copal-, church officiated: . . ' • • |
BiEXLE OF >IA.HYSVILtE • . • ;
V.V- :' :^EDS.A SACRA3IEXTA"X
BELLINGHAM. Wash., June 1.— The
stockholders .• of the Bellingham Bay
Improvement Company, an allied cor
poration of ' the Belljngham . Bay and
British Columbia- Railroad, to-day held
their annual meeting in this city and
electfed directors, who in' turn elected
officers.. H.- H. Taylor of San Francisco
was chosen to succeed President P. B.
Cornwall of.-' San. .Francisco, who re
signed awing to advanced age, with the
request that .Mr. Taylor, who represents
the p: O. Mills Interest, take his place.
The action it is said' indicates the as"'
cendericy' of the . Mills influence in all
the holdings, connected with the Bel
lingnam Bay and. British Columbia,
wh'ifh is considered significant in view
of reported intentions of .this ! road to
build across the. Cascade Mountains to
a connection' with the Harriman lines
at Spokane. ' = '. ' • • • .
.Retirement 'of Cornwall Gives the
1'r.csidciicy u> Another Well •
• . Known Su.n Franciscan.
BELLIXGIIAJI CO>IPAN*y .
: ' . NAMES XEXV DIRECTORS
Sixty-sixth ballot — Yates" 474," Low.
den 411%, Deneen 384 &, Hamlin 119.
Warner 36, Sherman 51, Pierce 26.
.The, sub-committee, of the commit
tee on resolutions, to which was-re
ferred the Stewart, resolution releas
ing delegates, late to-night decided to
report the resolution favorably to the
full committee. k - ' • .
Third, that the candidates be re
quired to release their delegates from
further obligations and- permit them
to vote regardless of instructions. Thl3
proposition Is pending before the res
olutions committee. Both Yates and
Deneen are opposed to it and It proba
bly will be beaten if it gets out of the
committee. * •
Following is the result of to-day's
last ballot: • ""••¦ « ¦:>. •>>
Second, to refer the Governorship
back, to the party, • through primaries
to be held on the same day through
out the State.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., June 1.— The
Republican State convention took five
more ballots to-day without breaking
the gubernatorial deadlock and with
out producing any material change in
the standing of the candidates. Three
important propositions were present
ed to the convention during the day.
all designed to end the contest Two
were rejected and the other is now
before the committee on resolutions.
These propositions were:
First, to discontinue the roll calls
and vote by secret ballot.
EFFORTS TO BREAK DEADLOCK.
Various Propositions Are Submitted to
Uie Illinois Convention. *< ""ftf-
¦¦ ;jis;the -ftrst;nieeting-is to be held in
:£acrirtientd it is expected that loca'i or
canljatlpnVvOf €he Eacraineri.to- Valley
>yl!l. befell .represented; "It is especlacl
iy desife<J that .presidents ahd secreta.
¦tles of 'Sarramento Galley' bodies at
tend'.thVih-oetlng. -This ra.ll-ey . now.
-contains, twepty-nve; organiza-
¦ 'iioiis/se.vera.l oif which are doiti^ very
¦ actiy*? ¦"".wor'k' : -ar\d. hay-e-mUch to show
jori't -in-' the! way. of actual results. A
xibirer "tir.ioii "will imquestio&ably result
iin- more "effective work for _ individual
cistrictsV as. well as for the . whole ival
feyi "just- a-s a closer uhion'of organiza
tipfis throvshout "the Etate will. help all
6fectionJ9,; " : , . -...."• .
; ...The matter.' of holding: "a series -of
;euch- mtcrinfes-'has been, under.consid
eration' fcfr. some, tinte.. Ainong those,
•vrtib havie t)een .active in urging the
<qnft'refcce. ar.e , Morris. Brooke, .se'ere
¦•iary'pf-.the'.Sacranj.entJo Chamber of
ipd'iW A. IBeard. . secretary
i)f,ihe Saerarhento Valley Development
-Association':. '¦ ."• . ; "¦.".¦.' * • . . ..
"The' ' theme d the meetfn.g will be
<£jitra:iza.tiqij. ct St*te . development
ivcrjt.and.it- is expected that the d!|
i ; .iissi6n. wjll brir.g about a better unr
derstand"in$f • betwei-n 'the Various or
¦gahized budies and e'volve : a system
that " will eliminate . unnecessary dupli^.
catiiig and •^thieve a -greater degree of
. rfesuits :.iii -proportion .'to the. outlay of
"time T ah"d money. . ' "' • • :¦
: SACRAMENTO. June i.^-InvHations
Have been .sent, to all State, county-, and
: distri.ct -ors'apitations'thaf have" the
promotion of the- welfare of the State
for .their pijrpose to -send .-dilegates to
the '.convention of .promotion workers
tp- be: held in Sacramento 'on June lSy
SVben '.methods" of work are to "be .dis
cussed,- The. initiative is taken .by the
California'. Prcniation Commi.ttte..
SikcUi Dispatch to The Cajl
The Governor and Commissioners
will remain in the valley about three
days <?xam!nln'g" all the roads, bridges
and trails.' ' " • •" • * •' "-?:
TOSEMITE, June 1.— The annual
meeting, of the Yosemite Valley Com
\ .mteslqners was held here to-day. Gov
¦! ernor Pardee arrived at noon and was
• I given an ovation by all the visitors and
i residents of the Valley present at the
1 meeting.' Besides the Governor there
[ were .present Commissioners S. C. S.
[ Givens," F. .H. Short, Thomas Hender,
! W. H. Metson and J. C. Wilson. Com
•• mrssiorieT H. S. Sha.w was absent,
i 'There is one vacancy on the board,
j caused, by the death of W. W. Foote,
I which has' not yet been filled by the
! Governor. : -., 1
\'. S. C. S. Givens was elected vice
i p hairman of the board and J. . J. Ler
•; men secretary. The election of a guar
' dian .was. indefinitely postponed. A pe
• titipri by Mr. Gunn was read; asking
for permission to build an elevator
J from, the floor .of the valley to Glacier
! Point. " A petition was presented by
j Assemblyman BaxU-r from F- A". Mil
ler Of Riverside, asking that a picture
•j of the Yo&emlte be .placed in every
j public HbrarV..ln the United States.
'The Commissioner was asked to build
i a ne.w trail from; Eagle Peak to Gen
tries.v- ¦ . - • ' •
A.*- memorial resolution by Commis
sioners Short and Hender on" the death
j-of W.. W. Fobte was adopted by a ris
' -ing vote. A resolution b"y W. H.- Metr
son •foVbidiing' • the picking of snow
plants in the valley and en route was
passed by. unanimous "vote.
Frank H. Gould, who was author
ized- as chairman of the Democratic
convention at Santa Cruz to» name
twenty-five members of the State Cen
tral Committee" of the party, will
probably announce the appointments
before the Democratic special train
leaves San Francisco for St. Louis.
"Next Saturday at 2 o'clock in the
afternoon the California delegation to
the Democratic National Convention
will meet at Hearst headquarters \ in
the Grand -Hotel and organize by the
election of a chairman and secretary.
Arrangements will then be made for
the trip to St. Louis. It is the general
talk that vthe delegation will leave
San Francisco on. Tuesday, June 28,
as. the full moon comes on Monday,
June 27. The delegates will arrive in
St. Louis Friday, July 1. The con
vention will assemble -Wednesday, July.
6* Whatever political arrangements
the Southern Pacific Railroad may
have in regard to the selection of ; a
national committeeman will be con
ducted by Tom McCaffrey of Los An
geles, as the matter is not considered
of sufficient importance to engage the
attention of the chief officers of the
corporation.. As the Los Angeles rep
resentative of the company he ' ad
justed affairs at the. Santa Cruz con
vention, and Is therefore quite familiar
with the situation. . ';_¦
Joseph S. Spear Jr., surveyor of
customs, San Francisco district, has
been granted three months' leave of
absence by the Treasury Department
and he wjll leave the city for Europe
on June 12. Mrs. Spear, will accom
pany -him. . Thp journey is planned
for the benefit of Mr. Spear's health.
GOULD'S COMMITTEES.
Hon. J. N. Gillette or Humboldt,
Representative in Congress from the
First District of California, is at the
Palace Hotel. He is a man of excep
tional ability and energy and hag made
a record in Congress that commands
the admiration of the voters in the
counties composing the district. It is
common talk in political circles that he
will be renominated by the. Republi
cans and be re-elected by an increased
majbrltyJ The First District la com
posed of the counties or Del Norte,
Humboldti Slskiyou, Trinity, Tehama,
Shasta, Modoc, Lassen, Plumas, Sierra,
Nevada, Placer, El Dorado, Amador;
Calaveras, Alpine, Mono, .Mariposa and
Tuolumne. . .' " • . ' . ;
NORTHERN LEADER HERE.
Henry T. Oxnard of Ventura County,
one of the leading Republican aspir
ants for a seat In the United Statea
Senate, is in the city again, having
arrived from the south yesterday
morning. His position as a candidate
for Senatorial honors hasTbeen frankly
defined and is clearly "understood by
the Republicans of California.. Mr.
Oxnard will doubtless Impart consider
able activity to the campaign and will
surely use every honorable effort to
promote the election of Republican
nominees for the Legislature. It is
the general opinion of politicians that
this State will give an overwhelming
majority for Theodore Roosevelt for
President. Indications at this time
point to Republican supremacy in both
branches of the Legislature. The spir
ited contest in the south between Mr.
Oxnard and • Senator Bard will insure
Republican victory in doubtful Assem
bly districts. The Democrats may be
come so Interested in the Republican
contest that they will neglect to make^
nominations for the Legislature..
Following this victory Daniel J.
Campau was re-elected national com
mitteeman from Michigan and of the
four delegates at large not one was
a member of the Hearst element.
The first test of strength. was on the
report from the committe on creden
tials. By a vote of 27 to 250, a mi
nority report of. the committee, seat
ing the contesting Hearst delegation
from Manistee, the only county from
which there was a contesting delega
tion, was tabled. -1 -V 'Asy ¦' J
DETROIT, Mich, June 1. — The
anti-Hearst element In the Michigan
Democracy, headed by Daniel J. Cam
pau' of Detroit, national committee
man from -this State, triumphed iover
the Hearst 'supporters at every' stage
In the . Democratic State convention
held here to-day to select delegates to
the national convention and an unin
structed delegation will be sent to the
convention,
While, there are some Hearst men
among the district delegates to St.
IjouIs, the delegation was instructed
to vote as a unit..
Campan JFa'ction Triumphs and the
Unit Rule Is Adopted.
MICHIGAN ANTI-HEARST.
Frank H. Gould Will Soon
,\ Be Beady to Appoint the
Democratic Comniitteemen
Gfer Union . Among Vari
jpiis Progressive Organiza-'
? tions iii California Desired
Picking of Siiowplants in
Valley and Along Jioads
Prohibited by New Order
CONGRESSMAN GILLETTE
ANADARKO, Okla., June 1.— The
Democratic convention held here to
day has been an almost unmanage
able body. After, much' discussion and
confusion the following instruction
was adopted':
"That the delegates chosen to rep
resent the Oklahoma Democracy at
Kansaa City Plntform.
Territorial Convention Indorses the
OKLAHOMA LOYAL TO BRYAN.
James' C. ..Dahlman of Omaha was
unanimously elected national eommlt
teeman from Nebraska. ¦
The Democracy of Nebraska " heralds to the
Democracy of .tho nation Its steadfast respect
for, confidence In. and loyalty, to Nebraska's
Kreat rliariplon of /par*. Democratic principles
nn«1 bid? htrn sodspefd «n , his spl^nrtld efforts
to prevent the national organization falling
nisflcr th» ban*?ul control of the enemies /of
tho real Democracr. ' .¦•- • " •'¦•
Edward Howard, a member of the
resolution committee, .later introduced
the. following resolution, which was
unanimously adopted:. •
The flelTatea rhrnen hyOjIs convention to
tie Democratic .National Convention tire here
bv instructed to vote as n unit on all qusn
tlrn?. provirlff] that the unit rule may be
•espenced by » majority vote »t tb« delp«ntlon.
INDORSEMENT. OP "BRYAN. ;
Democracy 'would restore- the tariff' to a
revenue basis and administer It for revenue
only, thus derr.olithimj the legal bulwarks be
hind which the, predatory trusts have found
r-fuge. Protection for protection's aake Is an
Ingenious device for the exploitation of the
masses by the privileged classes; It has
wrought jrreat injustice to the consumers and
has U-n the- fruitful course of widespread
political corruption.
Democracy would administer the Treasury
Department In behalf of the public, not, as
now, in the Interest of Wall street. It would
prevent the , recolnase of legal tender, silver
dollars Into, limited - legal tender subsidiary
coin. It wou.Id secure to the people a volume
of standard money sufficient to keep pace
: with the demand for money. It would favor
p*p«r money Issued by the Government without
the Intervention of national banks. It would
resist the attempt to establish .asset currency
and branch banks, and it would oppose the
lOnnlng of Government ¦ money to favored
banks — a scheme by which the people's money
Is employed to lay a foundation for a cam
paign fund and to bribe the financial In
terests to oppose any reduction of taxation.
The present admln!«tratlon of th« Treasury
Department Is' progressively beneficial to tha
crpltalistlc classes and progressively harmful
to .the producers of wealth. • .-.':;*..'•:/
INCOME TAX ADVOCATED.
' Democracy would make taxation more
equitable by collecting a part of the revenues
from an income tax, jipcured by a constitutional
amendment, and would bring ahe Government
'.nearer to the people by the popular election
of United States Senators and direct legis
lation.
Democracy, would strictly regulate the rall
roadt, thus protecting farmers and merchant*
- fri-m >xc««glve rates and discriminations.
• Democracy would safeguard the interests . of
the wage-earner and the artisan by providing
for an eight-hour day: by substituting arbi
tration for strikes and lockouts, and by re
storing- the right of trial by Jury. now. sus
pended by Government by Injunction. -
Democracy would secure to the surviving
tiddler* and sailors and their dependents gen
erous pension*,- not by an arbitrary executive
order, but by legislation which a grateful peo
ple Ktand r*>ady to enact. ¦
' Democracy would cqnetruct an.. Isthmian
car.al without, a violation of treaty obligations
and without exciting suspicion armjng- our
eiRter republics, of Central and South America,
• Democracy would retrard public office as
a pvbllc trust, provide for ari honest, and
pcoTiomical ndmlnlstratinn. of . the Government
aixl punish with severity the betrayal of of
ficial duty.
Democracy has nothing to gain from ftm
bigulty and nothing to fear from the' light.
Democratic' platforms tihoulrt. therefore, net
forth Democratic principles, policies and pur
poses wfth frankness, clearness and definlte
rse**.
Democracy would relieve the country of th*
menace of militarism and Imperialism by fol
lowing the exaicule rtt by tb.» country In Its
dealings with Cuba ana giving the Philip
pints an immediate promU» of ultimate In
dependence. Th<? administration of a colonial
system, according to monarchial principles, is
repugnant to cur theory of eovernment and
cannot be defended without the assertion of
doctrines which, if carried out. will under
mine free Ko.vC-rnment In the United States-
OPPOSES COLOXIAIj SYSTEM.
The. platform is as follows:
We. the Democrats of the State of Nebraska.
li> convention assembled, reaffirm our faith In
Democratic principles as thouf principles w«re
sot forth in the last national jilntform of the
party, adorted at Kansas City In 1O0O.
nomocracy means the rule of the people— a
ip.overnnient rtstlnit upon th^e consent of the
governed and administered according to the
will and In the Interest of the people.
With an, Increasing love for the principles
of Deinocracv and an increasing confidence In
their final triumph, we look uoon the pre&ent
time as ouuortune for their earnest and cour
ageous promulgation. With a chief executive
who ha» disresarded constitutional limitations,
stirred up antagonism between the races, em
ployed all the power* of his offloe to secure
a renomltiation and ourchasid political sup
port by turning the Treasury Department over
to the .financiers and putting the law depart
ment Into- live hands of the trust* — with such
a. chief executive- and with Republican lead
ers oi>»nly an.J arrogantly in alliance with or
ganized wealth. the country Imperatively
n<-*ds a. return of the Government to positive
and' clearly .' defined r>cmocratlc principles.
Democracy a» tauKht by Jefferson and exem
plified by Jackson Is the . hope of the repub
lic and oilers the only relief from the plu
tocracy- wUc)i now dominates the Republican
party, anl, through that party, the country.
Democracy would oppose as inimical to th«*
welfare of the people all private monopolies
arid would exterminate them by the enforce
ment of the- remedies suggested in the Kansas
City platform. The failure of the present ad
ministration to enforce exiMlnjt laws or to
tursrest more effective laws is conclusive proof
that It lacks' the d;siiv. the Intelligence or the
moral couras* to attack the conscienceless
combinations of capital that have flourished
during recent years.
DKYAX'S PLATFORM.
There was no opposition to- the
adoption of the platform as read, al
though one delegate attempted to se
cure the adoption of an adltional
plank pledging the jNebraska De
mocracy to the support of the nomi
ne e£ of the St. Louis convention, re
gardless of whom they might be. He
was ruled out of order after reading
his resolution.
OMAHA, June 1. — The Democratic
State Convention to-day unanimously
selected W. J. Bryan to head the'Ne
braska delegation to the national con
vention ' at St. Louis and adopted a
platform which reaffirms the Kansas
City platform of 1900 and places be
fore the public Bryan's views of what
should be embodied in the platform
of the coming national convention.,
Bryan was himself chairman of the
committee on resolutions and wrote
the platform. He had associated with
him Inen who have been his most loyal
supporters.
the St. Louis convention aid and work
with those Democrats who supported
the Democratic platform and candl
dntes of 1896 and 1900 and aid them
In the adoption of the platform and
the nomination of the candidate in
harmony with Democratic doctrines
and Democratic platform."
g^fill/TO.IfE- FORCED;
PLEA FOll
:fty#titers 'of • the;" Stated,;
; $iieir^Ian&at Sacramento i
State Commissioners Hold
Their Annual Session and
Hear a Number of Petitions
Henry T. Oxnard a of Ventura
Speaks of the Senatorial
Contest to His Supporters
Twice Defeated Candidate for the Presidency Lays Down
Principles Favored by His Wing of the Party and Is
Chosen to Head Delegation to St. Louis From His State
PREPARATIONS
FOR CAMPAIGN
CENTRALIZATION
IS THE OBJECT
BOARD MEETS
IN Y0SEMITE
BRYAN WRITES A PLATFORM
FOR NEBRASKA DEMOCRATS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. THURSDAY, JUNE 2. 1804.
4
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE AUGUST
• 30, 190k
The CalFs Cook Boole prem-
ium offer will close on August
30, l'90 1, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fall to place their order im-
mediately. ... ' '
This splendid premium' . will
be offered to Call subscribers ' at
the exceptionally low rate of 50
cents per copy. Out of town
orders 25 cents additional to
cover preimymcnt of transpoita.
tion charges.
Tr IT |*""^- : ' ¦ Y^% ***&*' '.&f*. '-ww^ : -fF\' ¦' .*
, IN.^BEfiUTIFUL. SANTA BflRBARfl. " • ." . ..- \ .
American plai)— From May I r 1904; to January I, 1905:' "' : '¦'¦ :Z-
One person occuplngrooro.witbout bath. $2.50 to $3.50; vtfith bath^^ -$3:56 to $5.00"
•¦ ; The ' skin ought to-be
dear :"; .'.there is nothing.
••''"•••'¦ . -. ' ¦ * 'r--
§ttange th a beautifjil fac.e.
.-; *If we'wash with proper
•soap", the sKn will" be op.eri
Izp.d x-lear, • unless ." the
health" is bad' "A* good
skin ' js better than '•[ a.
.doctor^ .: "•¦ ¦•: .* '¦
..THe. soap .to /use is
• P.ears';.. no free alkali in it..
Pears', ".the soap that
.dears'' but nbt.. excoriates.' •
Sold, all over tie -vrorld.
* _ * -¦ « . -* /
¦ . . ¦• ¦ • . ¦
•PHtN FANTSj^&INy^LIDS^I
No more wakeful nights if "you
give your baby Mcllih'.s Food.
MeliiaVs Food btbies sleep
well. ' - . /
. ! • " •
A postal rf<y»f»t wiU brine ¦ Mmple of Mellis'B
Food npht to your home. - -
KELLlrt'sYoOD- CO., BOSTON, MASS.
: . : ADVESTISEJOaJTa. . . . . ;;
History repeats itselL .; Every: iseason
the odoriferous nioth; ¦fe^;';tt^fe;-"ite : .iip-'*--
pearance-^ancf so fotfie'mbfhs.; Some
folks say that the reascm they are called.
u moth balls fr is because moths Kfci?;theni/
But moths 5| Da you
carpet or in the clothes you ;|)acfc
them attf^y will absolutely kill all. rribth
in your hoiise after thati- Be caiefut id
get die purest
20-MULE-TEAM ; BR^pxI^rsaie
by drup:fets and grocers; m M/^ '^n^
The femooi^AMEFiCAN GIRL" HCTURES FREE to 'ptochzun of
20-Mule-T cam Borax. At ftores or tent for LB. BOX TQPaad 4c lartamp*. •
Pacilk Ccast Bor*x Co^ New York, Chicago, Saa Francisco." : : j . - ;•"; -
'¦' ¦ .: ¦ ¦:". : ; - - fiO-Male-Teaa»— Our Ttviellaik. . f-./.' • : : . "'";..*'.". .' ' ''LOS ANOEL.ES, June 1. — Repeated balloting
at the afternoon session of the convention of
the Brotherhood of Locomtlve Engineers failed
of any definite result.
.California' apd Pacific Cbasjt visitors
•to the St. Tvoujs. World's" Fair who may
wiKb. to Journey .eastward can reach
¦prlnelpal.cltles and towns without chang-
Iry? cars "by poing <3ver- the Vandalfa-
Y'cnnBylvania lines, the shortest route
from St. Ixiuis. to the ICast. A regular
dally eervl!?c of seven tUrougrh fast ex
prM-n traina. from S5L Louis to, Pittsburg
«nd tbe East-enables passengers to leave
.the World's Fair . city at convenient
hours throughout the day. Purchasers
of first-class tickets to Philadelphia or
Near; York ovtfr Vandalla-Pennsylv&nla
lfn«s. may have Oiem routed via Wash
ington for the asking, permitting a yislt
.< f ten days at the national capital and
TiaUimore. For further Information
communicate with E. M. Pomeroy, 621
Market sweet, San Francisco, CaL •
Trip« East I rpra the AVorM V Fnir.
•Ladies are cordially Invited to visit the
new gas range and heating department
of San Francisco Gas and Electric Co
415 Post St., now open for Inspection. •
WASHINGTON, June 1. — The fol
lowing Californlans are registered
here: At the Riggs — George T. Rud
dock of San Francisco. At the New
Willard — Mrs. A. H. 'Loughborough,
Miss Loughborough, Mr. and Mrs. C.
T. Kohl and maid, Mrs. J. E. Merrltt,
Miss A. Merritt of San 'Francisco, Mrs.
E. 'D. Jones, Miss Jones of Eureka.
California!)* In Washington.
Cruz are guests at the Palace.
• H." J. -Barton, who Is engaged In min
ing at Yreka; is at the Grand.
A. W. Keddle, a land agent and sur
veyor of Quincy, is at the Lick.
'¦¦ Samuel D. French, t merchant of
New York. Is at the St. Francis.
W. J. Nelson, a mining man of San
.Andreas, is staying at the Grand.
• L. LI McCoy, a business man of Red
'Bluff, and family are at the Grand.
Louis: B. de la Mora, a mining man
of Guadalajara, Mex., Is registered at
the Occidental. ¦¦-p:'i
Jay- W. Adams, Pacific Coast agent
of the" Nickel Plate road, Is registered
at the- Occidental.
. A. F. Coats, a prominent lumberman
of Aberdeen, Wash., and wife are stay
' ing at the Palace.
/ Bishop Joyce and wife of the Metho
dist church arrived here from Los An
geles yesterday on thel way home to
. Minneapolis. .
D. S. Rosenbaum, president of 'the
Farmers' and Merchants' Bank of
Stockton, and wife are registered at
the St. Francis.
H. Gordon Strathy, president of the
Montreal Stock Exchange, who v Is tour
ing the west in a private car with a
party of friends, is at the Palace.
R. W. Bretons, IJnited States District
Attorney of. Hawaii, and wife were
among the passengers on the steam
ehlp Alameda and are 'staying at the
Occidental.
Rafael Yzabal, a wealthy resident of
Mexico, and his family, arrived from
the south Tuesday and registered . at
the Occidental. They are on their way
to the St. Louis exposition.
E. B. McClanahan, an attorney of
at the Occidental.
H. S. Ricks, a timber man of Eu
reka, is at the Lick.
W. W. McQuigg, a capitalist of Mon
terey, is at the Grand.
Dr. Petrie Hoyle and wife of Santa
Mayor Snyder of Los Angeles is at
the Palace.
O. McHenry, a banker of Modesto, is
rERSOXAL.
E. A. Wolf, Who Was Dis
missed From Police Force,
Is Arrested on a Warrant
Reuben A. Wolf, ah ex-sergeant of
police, who was dismissed from- the
force for "grafting" from saloon-keep
ers on his beat, was arrested yesterday
by Detective Bailey for. making a cow
ardly and unprovoked, attack upon
Edmond D. Coblentz, an Examiner re
.porter, on Tuesday night. The charge
against him Is assault with intent to
do grievous bodily injury.. Coblentz is
about half his weight and size and
wears glasses, as he is near-sighted. :
Wolf had been expecting to be ar
rested and was prepared with two
bondsmen. Bailey took him and his
sureties to Police Judge Cabaniss, in
whose court Coblentz had sworn to the
warrant, but the Judge was not satis
fied with the qualification of one. of
them and refused to accept him. The
bonds had been fixed at $500 or $300
cash. „* .":
Bailey apparently .hesitated to take
Wolf to the City Prison arid asked tha
Judge what he should do. The Judge
replied that he had enough to do to
look after his own business, and ad
vised Bailey to consult his superiors..
Bailey took Wolf to Chief Wittman and
Wolf asked the privilege of obtaining
another surety. The chief instructed
Bailey to'accompany Wolf to Pine and
Kearny streets and if the, surety could
not be procured to lock Wolf upJ Later
a friend of the prisoner put ! up $300
cash for his release. V* '. " • •
Nothing could have been more un
provoked than Wolfs attack on Cob
lentz. who is but half the disgraced
ex-officer's size. : Coblentz was inter
viewing Wolf on the subject of his
connection with a company doing busi
ness in the Columbian building when
Wolf flew into a rage and declaring
that the newspapers . were hounding
him, drew back his mammoth fist and
without warning struck the reporter a
terrible blow on the nose. Coblentz
wore glasses at the time, but this fact
did not deter the bully. There were a
dozen eyewitnesses and all of them
say that Coblentz gave Wolf no provo
cation for the assault. • * "
The Co-operative Mercantile Com
pany was formed in this city a few
months ago. The principals in the
concern were J. F. Olsen, who ran the
inside workings of. the office, and. R.
A. Wolf, who was the outside rustler.
The company offered, great ' induce
ments to all investors to get rich quick.
The Idea was to pay $1 25 a week until
$80 had been paid into the treasury
and when this was done the investor
was to receive $160. The scheme was
like finding money and it.- is reported
that the police force bit at the bait and
Jumped in right and left. Olsep disap
peared about two weeks ago.-
The office In the Columbian building
is closed and the furniture has been
moved away.
Among the members of the police
force who were Induced by Wolf to en
ter the scheme. are Captains Anderson
and Mooney i.nd Sergeants- Lionel
.Shaw, O'Connor and Donovan.
BRUTAL ATTACK
ON A REPORTER
There was little talk before the Har
bor Commissioners yesterday. The pro
ceedings were entirely preliminary.
In his complaint against L. Scatena
& Co. it was alleged by Pierrettl that
he was unable to buy twenty boxes of
potatoes at $1 55, the price asked for the
goods by.L. Scatena & Co. Pierrettl
and Lercari set up in their complaints
that they are solvent purchasers and
that the request that permits to sell
should be revoked was based on viola
tion of the Woodward law by the firms
that refused to do business with them,
and that this constituted discrimina
tion, which the law was devised to pre
vent.
When the Harbor Commissioners met
but two Commissioners were present,
Messrs. Spear and Klrkpatrick. W. H.
Davis, attorney for the board, was
present. Tne complaints came up early
in the meeting. Attorney Wise had
them, and also had prepared formal
notices to parties against whom they
runi All the parties, so Wise said, had
been notified of the bringing of the
action. He requested that a hearing
might take place as soon as possible.
The board agreed to summon the par
ties in interest to appear for hearing
at 10:30 a. m. next Monday.
May 28 was the date on which, as al
leged, the American Produce Company
and Wolf & Sons refused to sell to Ler
carl' at the price placed on the goods
by themselves. Lercari set up that he
went to the American Produce Com
pany and there was informed that po
tatoes were selling at the rate of $1 65
per box. He put down the price of
twenty boxes and was informed that
he could not buy less than fifty boxes,
because It was so provided by the Pro
duce Dealers' Protective Association.
He also, as set forth in another com
plaint, visited Wolf & Sons, and while
he offered the price that was asked by
that firm for twenty bags of onions, at
51 per bag, he was refused the goods
because the Produce Dealers' Protec
tive Association has decided ,that not
less than twenty-five bags of onions
shall be sold to any purchaser.
ANOTHER CO^fPLAINANT.
The complainants are Charles J. Ler
carl and J. Pierrettl. The first named
brought complaint against the Ameri
can Produce Company and Wolf &
Sons. . The complaint of Pierrettl Is
against L. Scatena & Co.
COVERS TECHNICALITIES.
The expected complaints against
members of the Produce Dealers' Pro
tective Association were filed before the
Board of Harbor Commissioners yes
terday by Attorney Otto Wise. The es
sential ¦ allegation is that the parties
complained of, although they hold per
mits that were issued by the Harbor
Commissioners by virtue" of which they
are entitled to sell perishable produce
on the State property in this city, have
refused to sell their wares to solvent
purchasers who are not in the combine.
For thla reason Attorney Wise, In be
half of the complainants, asked that
their permits should be taken from
them.
• 'Jofcn E. .McDougald, guest of honor
and wearing the badge -which he wore
In the first p'arade of California Par
lor, .on July 4. -1S75, was amply quali
fied, to do Justice to the toast "Our
Charter Members/' -and he did not fall
rhort of expectations. ' . / - '
" "Past Grand. Presidents" . w.as re
sponded to "by-'Chartes W. Decker, and
"The Grand. Parlor" received. . merited
eulogy frcim the tongue- of J; Emmet
Haydon. which concluded the list of
toasts. •
James. A. Devoto :dwelt convincingly
upon, the benefits of "Fraternity,". and
Daniel Ryan'dfd patriotic- Justice to the
subject of "Our Flag." . '* - : '
Joseph R.'. Know'Jand. in response to
the toast '-'Landmarks" dealt chiefly
•with the history-making incidents In
the.Jlfe of-the .Native Sops', mentioning
¦amoh.g other th-ings' that they were -re
sponsible for the observance, of Admis
sion, day, . for the public sentiment
apainsr dlvi<5irrg ' California, for the
rionument : to. Marshall., the restoration
of Sutter's fort and the commemoration
of- oth«r historical events. '.i '" .-, '..';"
To "The Ladies'" Charles M. Belshaw
delivered -a .'handsome tribute, which
•called -Cor cheers and "the drinking of
separate" toasts to wives., mothers 'and
.sweethearts. ' He portrayed the grand
'Influence of the pioneer mothers, and
Bald that a good mother did more for
the upbuilding of society than all the
organizations' irut. together, and he said
that a good wife was the incentive to
tfie highest ideals. . '".'- -S"
The first toast. "Our Order,""'was re
sponded, to-, .b'y" .j. L. Gattagher, who
raid that every member of the order
¦was in' a measure a :member of Golden
Gate Parlor No; 1, which was looked
upon as tjie ojie' parent "• stem from
which ail the .other parlors had sprung.
All tendered it the -tfibute. of respect
an-d: esteem tjiat'is due for the d<?velop
rrrent. of the" greatest" order in the Statg.
He dilate*. upon, the .influence of the
Native Sons for lhe : upbuilding of the
€rate and .the character -of Us ; young
rr.'en. He spoke glowingly of the warm
personal friendship characteristic of
native Ca.liforEians which had growji
tip within the -order.- and fre prophesied
that in time the order ' would be/ the
most powerful influence in the -advajice
m'ent of the, State. ¦ •
E.: Myron ¦ Wolf responded most -elo-
QVently to the toast •"California.".' After
-lestifyi-rig. to .the appreciation .of Cali
fornia Parlor of the honor which had
come to Mr. McDqugald, he said of
California that "nature "had smiled be
rJgnantly upon it and the gods have
conspired to make it the .garden spot
of. the world." He said that the pio
neers who. came here as gold-seekers
had found a land which they had.de
•y«?loped until it was 'without a" rival on
God's JCootstobl. He Bpoke ; of the manly
manhood and- womanly womanhood of
the State, and detailed the many re
sources and progress of California elo
quently. .-. -*.- *¦ ¦-.->.-";¦ •¦""•;'
- . HISTORY RECALLED. .-" ¦
.During th-e banquet' and interspers
ing the oratory excellent, vocal music
was rendered in chorus' and individu
ally by the. members'of. trfe California
Quartet, composed -ot C. L." Goe^ing,
solo, tenor;- C. L. Plrent. solo basso;
Wi-.E. Smith. : tenor, and C- L. Gage,
barytone. • • ¦
QUARTET KNTEItTAIXS.
Nearly one hundred birthright Cali r
fornians. from the city .and elsewhere,
•at at the board, and after 'doing, jusr
tlceto a seductive menu., gave atten
tlo"n to a. programme of eloquence
¦wherein . wit and seriousness met at
that indefinable point that • ma-kes
euch events pjeasant to 'remember. .
For- the occasion the' tables were
arranged in three rows -with ."another
across the. top; at the h'ead i>t- which
eat the guest • of he nor and the toastr
master, -Henry F. Perriau'.. • Thje tables
T.^re decorated with ferns, roses and
Bweetpeas. Besides " members f com
California . Parlor and visitors- frpm
ether, pi rlors.,- th-e following grand of
ficers <sf. the. 'ofder /were -present-:
Grand Past Presidents Jdhn Hi Grady
and Oiarl'es W.' Decker. 'Grand First
Vice President James. L. ' Gallagher,
Grand Secretary Charles- H. Turner,
Grand . Trustees Joseph R. Knowland,
Charles M.Belshaw. James' A.. De
voto, Daniel RVan t J. Emmet. Hayden
and Bismark Bruckand- Grand Treas
urer John EJJMcDougald.- Letters and
telegrams of. rerrets, were read from
Past Grand President H.' R. Mc'Noble
of Stockton; '.Grand President . C. E.
MpLaughlin.of Quiric'y. Second
Vice President W. D. \\"egner of San
Bernardino,' .Grand ; Third Vice Presi
dent. M.. T.' Dooling of Hollister, Grand
Trustee. H. C. Lichtenberg of Los An
geles, : Grand .Sentinel George .W. CoJ
gran of Santa. Rosa and; W. .TV". Shan
non. State '..Printer at ' Sacramento.
John E. MeDpugald, San Francisco's
<iity and county Treasurer, and. recently
elected grand treasurer of the Native
Sons of the Golden Weet, was. In hon
or of the latter office, tenSered a ban
quet at the Lick House- last night by
California Parlor No. 1; .' As the lion
fit the feast they were pleased to refer
to him m "Honest John," which may
be- taken a* a further testimonial -of
the irrsonii and public popularity of
the man.' • , . . • .
Medals Tor general excellence: Misses Gene
vieve Pvne. Mnry Eustace, Mary Olsen, Mas
ters Herbert H. -Harrison, Dudley Kliss. "
. Medals, for attendance: . Mimes Margaret
Haley, Vleva Heaney. Georgia Vander White,
Masters Daniel Hiordan, George Murphy.
Graduates of «ce<Jemie course: Mls«es~Lo
rettn B.-- O'Brien,- Mary. G. Barry. Margaret
V. Haley, Mary E. K-arny.
Graduates of- grammar course: Misses El
vira Mejla. Anna- Sinnott, Elizabeth Dolan. Jo
sephine Cronin, May Wilson. Georgia Vander
White. MartUTtte Furey,' Loretta Reynolds,
May i»Dlller. ¦ Ella Ratto. May CofTey. Nellie
O'SulIlvan. Mabel Lawson. Marie Eustace.
Catherine Mahoney. Mabel Lanx. Sablna Cur
ley, Mary. Oliver. Beatrice Newson. Ester
Burk, • Grace Durkln. Hattle O'Connor. Cath
erine Hurk, Cassle Monachan, Mary Gorevan,
Masters J. F. Sullivan,- Frank E. Ru5sell. Al
bert A. Magctnl. Edward D. O'Neill. L. J.
("arreras, Joseph L. Comb?r, Julian P. Q'Dea.
Gerald D. , Kennedy, Hubert H. Harrison,
Francis E. Derham, Joseph E. Collins, Charles
J. Green, James Cronln, Frank T. McEvoy.
"America," "The Vacant Chair," "Colum
bia"; csray with valedictory. "Non Ministrari
sed Minlstrare." Miss Loretta O'Brien; con
ferring hdnors.
Honors were conferred upon the fol
lowing:-- -. ¦¦ .«¦--
St. Brigid's School held its closing
exercises in the Alcazar Theater yes
terday , afternoon. The entertainment
provided was a credit to the school,
the pupils who participated and those
who planned and directed It.
There were four young lady grad
uates of the academic course, three of
whom participated in the programme.
Miss Mary G. Barry was salutatorlan
and gave an essay upon "Read Not
Books Alone, but Man." Miss Marga
ret Haley's essay, "To Thine Own Self
Be True" was well received and Miss
Loretta O'Brien as valedictorian, with
an essay, "Non Ministrari sed Minis
trare," spoke thoughtfully of the. high
influence of good example upon the
lives of others and closed with a.feel
ing farewell to classmates and teach
ers.
At the end of the exercises the hon
ors were distributed by the pastor of
St. Brigid's. Father Cottle.
It would.be impossible to describe in
detail the many excellent numbers of
the long programme and to name all
who took part therein would be to
write a roster of all the school's pupils.
The feature of the entertainment was
the cantata, "The Pixies." , ,,
The programme In full, as rendered.
Is here given:
Sonjt of welcome (Viazle); salutatory: essay.
"Read Not Books Alone, but Man." MIbs Mary.
.C. Harry; bolero (Streabbos), Misses I. Dona
van. A. Burin. M. Llttleford, • O. Rossi. <T.
Mejla. E. W'lsae. O. Warrlntton, M. Walsh,
M.- Maloney. J. Nelson. M. Buckley, R. Straus
IX Neville. R. Bullard. I. McMInn. Masters V.
Haskel. C. Murray, T. McCarthy.- M. Barton,
Li. Kraker: "Magic Flute" (Mozart), Mine* M-
Dundon, M. Turey. L.. Taylor, A. Hennessy,
1*. Courtier, A. Wilson. I. liisrglns, K. Clasby,
1). Frasler. A. Dolan, L. Klinck. M. Ott. A.
Uossl. E. (jcenbaum, E. Rucker, O. Collins,
I. Straus. M. Heffernan, G. Galoln. M. Barton.
H. Rice; eysay, "To Thine Own Self Be True,"
Miss Marearet Haley; "The. Ship 1 Love." F.
M, Glennor. ; galop (^ourlLas). Misses K. Kelly,
T. Brannan K. Rossi. M. Speller, R. Frown
n>ld. E. Mejla, R. Casey. . M. -Eustace.. 1C?
Mahoney, G. Collins, M. Murphy, I. O'Brien,
M. Wilson. H. Murray, O. Vander White, M.
Wallensteln. J. Cronln. M. I^awson. K. Stan
ton, M. Cunningham; recitation, "The Song or
the -Markctnlrtce." Miss Mary Kearny; can
tata, "The Pixlea"; "The Sailor's Return" <S.
Rw*et), Master* U. Hohwlesner. Q. Levy, E.
Ryan. R. Ryan. J. Sullivan, P. Starkhousr-,
R. Vander White. C. Kllnk. M. Barton. H.
Mohr, R. Dullard, O. Brunlnman, J. Sullivan.
C. Carlye; sword drill: the tarden scenes from
"Prince and Peasant"; "The Beautiful Blue
Danube" (Ivanvolce Kron): recitation, .sheet
ed: waltz (Mo«zkow«kit. MImm T. O'Brien,
M. Barry. M. Kearny, G. Dewey. E. Dona
van. M. Kelly. M. Burin. C. Mann. M. Allen.
A. O'Dea. E. Levy. S. Curley. M. Hohwies
mer. M. Carreras (violinists. Misses A. . Kelly.
I. Burin); recitation, "What Counts" ; national
airs, cUss selection, "Star Spangled Banner,"
"Before .adjournment the chairman of
.the grand trustees, Mrs. L. Baston, was
presented a large bunch of carnations.
It is probable that the election for
grand officers will be held to-day. Mrs.
Mary Thpman, at present grand sub
chief, is in line of promotion to grand
chief; Grand Trustees Mrs. L. Baston
and Mrs. Coletta .Tucker are aspiring
to. the position of sub-chief. Miss Essie
: Kragen' wants to retain the. office of
treasurer, but Miss Lucy Field of Elm
hurst also wants the place. Miss Ag
nes D. Bremer.will be re-elected grand
financial secretary. Mrs. E. J. N. Steln-
Avig wants to be recording secretary.
E. H. Chamberlain will be a candidate
for. grand marshal, and will have for
opponent . Mrs. Jennie Weisel. Rosie
Wolmer, a grand trustee, would like to
retain tier position! P. H. Coyle, at
present- grand marshal, wants to be a
grand trustee, as also a dozen more.
Mrs. p'Caliaghan, who year by year
has been, advanced in office and Is at
present grand left guide, will be ad
vanced.one step further.
In the evening, after the grand of
ficers and members of the grand body
had enjoyed the hospitality of Robin
Hood Circle they were tendered a re
ception and ball In the assembly hall
of the Alcazar. building by Companions
Sarah Beverseri. Coletta Tucker, Mrs.
M. Levy, Mrs. L. Kuttner. Rebekah
Kerrip Van Ee, Mate H. Cartwright,
Miss Fay, Essie Kragen and Rosie
Wolmer on behalf of the San Francisco
circles. There was a short address of
welcome, an introduction of members
from the interior to- those of the city
and then a good programme of dances.
A numbe'r of amendments introduced
by Martha "Washington Circle and oth
ers were referred to the; committee on
laws. ' .
Miss Lizzie Lechens of . James G.
Blalne Circle was appointed official
' stenographer for the session.
• A letter - of greeting was read from
Jone Circle, expressing the hope that
the session will.be a harmonious one.
During the morning session the grand
body accepted an invitation to attend
•an informal reception .tendered by Rob-
In Hood- Circle. • .
.At the afternoon session the commit
tee on laws reported adversely to the
proposition, to strike out from the con
stitution that section which permits
circles' to have a funeral benefit in any
sum it may desire.
Then ' the. proposition -to create a
Grand Circle funeral fund, which on
payment by each' member of 30 cents
every three ¦ months the sum of $100
shall be paid to a beneficiary upon the
"death of each beneficial member, was
taken up and carried by a vote of four
fifths of the delegates.
The reports of the grand officers were
-presented and" referred without being
read to the committee on distribution
and will be reported on this rooming.
." The .report of the executive council
shows, fifty-nine circles in the. order,
with an aggregate membership of 3500,
and the addition of three circles during
the year, There was an Increase in the
funds during that time of J1200 and an
increase of 600. members.
. The Grand Circle of the Companions
of the Forest of America opened In
seventeenth annual session in Elks'
Hall yesterday morhing, with all but
two of the grand "officers present. Grand
Chief Companion Mrs. Jenni* Krim
minger presided and most of the dele- #
gates were present.
. 'On the platform the presiding officer
had by her side Supreme Sub-Chief
Companion Mrs. Lizzie Atwood, Past
Grand Presidents Mrs. M. A. Duke and
Mrs. Emma A, Harrington and Grand
Supervisor, of By-laws John J. Cordy.
Three Firms Are Called Upon
to Defend Selling Permits
Giving Rights on Wharves
Some of Those Who Are Will
ing to Serve the Order as
Officers for Coming Year
Bright Pupils Render Their
Difficult Parts in Way
That Commands Applause
Nearly One Hundred Guests,
Including. Several Grand
Officers-Toasts Applauded
FIGURES OF THE ORDER
WISE FILES COMPLAINT
KEAST AND ELOQUENCE
HUNDBEDS ON STAGE
Boyal Spread at Lick House
in Honor. of New Grand
v treasurer J. E. McDougald
Closing Exercises Attract a
Great Crowd to Fine En
tertainment at Theater
Companions of the Forest
of America Decide to
Create One to Pay Benefits
Honolulu, and wife arrived at the Oc
cidental Tuesday. Mr. McClanahan
has come here for his""health and will
go to Byron Springs for several weeks.
Chester Donaldson, United States
Consul at Managua, and the members
of his family arrived from the south
yesterday and are staying at the Occi
dental. Consul Donaldson Is on a
leave of absence.
M. Shlraishi, managing director of
the Toyo Kisen Kaisha line of steam
ships, which were recently withdrawn
from service between this port and
the Orient, arrived at Victoria Tuesday
night on the steamship Empress of
Japan and is due . here Friday. He
will remain here several days and will
then proceed to the East, where he Is
to confer with President E. H. Harrl
man of the Pacific Mail line and
others relative to the re-establishment
of a service to the Japanese ports.
On Friday the Albert Sydney John
ston Chapter of the Confederate
Daughters will meet at the residence
of its president, Mrs. Alfred Hunter
Voorheis, when many old soldiers who
served' in the lost cause will receive
medals in recognition of service, the
medals being made from old Confed
erate cannon.
At 5 o'clock yesterday Mrs. Cora V.
Slinson became the bride of Dr. Harold
Johnson. The ceremony was performed
by Dr. Meserve of the Plymouth Con
gregational Church in the apartments
at the Empire of Joseph Meyersteln,
brother of the bride. Of statuesque
type, Mrs. Johnson has long been rated
a California beauty. In her wedding
gown of turquoise chiffon cloth and
lace she was indeed beautiful. Dr. and
Mrs. Johnson started soon after the
ceremony for the Eastern States, where
they will visit the groom's relatives,
proceeding ultimately to Boston, where
they will make their home.
The Maple room of the Palace Hotel
was last night a vast sweet pea gar
den, wherein pretty Miss Amy E. Marx
daughter of Mr. and 'Mrs. Henri Marx,
became the bride of Albert L. Arendt
of Pleasanton. In a setting of sweet
breathed blossoms the ceremony was
celebrated by the Rev. Dr. Voorsanger
In the presence of more than one hun
dred friends. The fair bride was gowned
in a robe of Duchesse lace, with a tulle
veil falling to the hem. In her arms
she bore lilies of the valley and orange
blossoms. Attending her, In frocks *of
pink chiffon cloth and bearing baskets
of pink sweet -peas, were the Misses
Marguerite and Rosalind Marx, while
another sister, Miss Clemence, served
as honor maid, wearing a frock of pink
crepe de mignon. The bridesmaids were
Miss Lulu Newfield , and Miss Clara
Marx, gowned In white. The groom was
attended by Edward F. Rosenthal. After
a wedding trip to the south the young
couple will set up their household gods
in Pleasanton, wherein the groom holds
valuable interests.
After an extended trip through
Southern California and the Eastern
States, the young couple will reside in
Salt Lake, wh«re are located Mr. Lltch
enstein's business Interests.
Supper was served at tete-a-tete
tables, at which 100 guests were enter
tained.
Kitty Litcheristein. T
Ben Litchenstein, the groom's broth
er, served as best man, and Simon
Juda, Al Brandt, Dr. Al Cohen and
Bert Gerson looked after the guests.
The bride looked charming in a robe
of exquisite lace, with a long tulle veil,
bearing in her arms a shower bouquet
of lilies of the valley. The bridesmaids
were gowned alike, wearing white eta
mine frocks trimmed in blue.
The wedding of 'Miss Violette Natalie
.Morris, daughter of • Mr. and Mrs.
Faran N. Morris, and Mark Lltchen
stein of Salt Lake City was celebrated
last evening at 6 o'clock in the ball
room of .the Palace Hotel. Miss Josie
Cohen served as maid of honor and«the
bridesmaids were a pretty quartet —
Miss Lillian Reiss. Miss Linda Reich
ehberg, Miss Mabel Levy ; and Miss
At the home of the bride the hand
some pair were wedded by Archbishop
Montgomery in the presence of a few
close friends and relatives.
Blonde, of fine coloring, and exquisite
of figure, Mrs. Bishop was one of the
daintiest brides of the season. Her
gown was a smart affair of white net
with Duchesse lace, over which she
wore a soft, misty veil. Her brlda!
flowers- were pink roses,
Soon after the ceremony the happy
pair left for their post-nuptial trip, the
destination a secret — just as it should
be..
After their return Mr. and Mrs.
Bishop will reside on the Bishop ranch
near Haywards.
The first wedding of the day was
that o* Miss Clara Sawyer, the bonny
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. S. B. Lorenzo
Sawyer, and Ed F. Bishop, a son of
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas B. Bishop.
The birth of June brought brides to
many altars, in anticipation of which
Professor McAdle thoughtfully pre
pared some bridal weather, sending
thence the wretched summer winds and
luring thither the blue sky with its
yellow sunburst, which was distinctly
nice of him.
By Sally Sharp.
Harbor Commissioners Agree
to Proceed With Woodward
Law Case on Monday Next
FUNERAL FUND
IS DISCUSSED
DAY IS FIXED
FOR A HEARING
NATIVE SONS
GIVE BANQUET
ST. BRIGID HAS
FOUR GRADUATES
RIGHT MERRILY
THE WEDDING
BELLS CHIME
THE SAN ; FRANCISCO . CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 2, 1904.
San Francisco. Veterinary College.
Next session will begin June 6. Catalogues
by applying- to Dr. E. J. Creely.'CIO G. G. art.*
DENVER, June 1.— Mayor Robert W. Spe*r,
Democrat, and the other city and .county
officials chosen at the first election under the
new charter of Greater Denver were Inaugu
rated at noon to-day. : . .
BELL.INGHAM, Wash., June I. — Ernest
Lampkln, aged 11, was run over and killed this
evening: by a street car. His . 10-year-old play
mate. Joseph Hill, had his leg broken and his
foot terribly crushed, but will recover.
5
. ¦ ADVEBTISEITENTS. . r;-. '¦. '¦ ¦ /- : - : .^'; ' ' •
|PAIRS_O^?^||I
I I ; —~ ¦¦¦¦:¦ ¦ ¦- ;¦ •„¦ "¦¦¦'¦¦-¦'¦ :¦¦•¦.->•¦- .---v: •:
§ With Every Coat dh<| Vest i: *
• We gave away 600 pairs of pants oft our last ; . ' ' :
• suit and extra pants sale. We- have 40Q ; - 8
g new and up-to-date patterns -left to give. ... .-. ;! J J
o away this week -again; • ; ; . : ; > • ; ' ;• ;•• i' j
| SUITS OR OVERCOATS MADE TO DRDER ; ; t
| NO MORE NO LESS I
W • .'*."..¦' " ' ¦¦"'..'.¦¦ '.- : ' - - : ' •- : , ; • "¦ : 5
© .With an extra pair of pants free of charge 1 ; : #^
• this means 2 pairs of pantswith everVcoat 'l;>:j
o and vest we make to order. :/-• = : ¦¦ ".• '¦-¦. \ "• '/ :•
• ¦ ' ; - ¦ •'•¦•• •-'"-•¦ •¦• •:•¦/"••¦-:¦:-•- V:: -.:>"•¦>•:. ••'• ¦••¦•- •:
i] FREE FREE F^i^l |
| 2 Pairs of Pants to Eveiy CtiStoin^ |
• ' . ' ' ' . : THIS WEEK; ONLY W&&^iM -^ 5 '
|THURSDAYJRIDAYjSATURDAYaniOi||;|
I • JUNE 2d, 3d, 4th and 5th THE SALE LASTS ¦ ; , |
>O ¦ ¦¦ ¦-¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦-¦'¦¦¦'.-•¦•'¦•¦'•¦- .'•'¦'¦¦• -: " ; -. : , .•-.•¦• r .' .©.
;• We sold 600 suits madeto order on piir last :• '.:¦ "•;
•¦© sale.* We. surely will self 40^- this;' week- : : " ••
o for $15.00, no more, no:less< ; - ¦ ,:¦ ; vs ¦¦.-V- 1 . \y}': ".'¦¦• ••
O . • ' ' . ' •' ¦ .- • " !- - '.'¦¦' -¦ ¦ '• - - "• .-" ™
• . . ¦ :". :.¦'.'¦.:• •-.;..•¦ \'. 1 ' ~ ¦.¦>'•. /¦ : .,.- :; '"-: : - -::/ g*
!| Scotch .P|^|$|p[j|^|
ii 1009 Market »r^^^
j i OPEN SATURDAY EVENING UNTIL l6 P. M. r £ ! 6
iSrt ; 1 — —¦ — - — •..¦•¦¦ -•¦ - , : -' • — : 6o
e(poooooooooeceooooeooeoo»>o»oeoocooo»eooooeoo
The regular :pfice; -of these Ra.--
zors is $2.06. I have aconrfHcre
line of STAR SAFETY RAZORS
in 1 sets up. to §-5.00.' ' : .];¦ \
OTHER- RAZORS, as .low . aS
91.OO. Every : one.. guairanteed; ,
Higrh-grade." makes. .... -. .-.'•''• .-.•-.
POCKET KNIVES, that : you
. can (depend on,- tor and. Hip.
SCISSORS as low as 25c. V '.
Two 'bats of Ayiniarris' -iocShav-
ing Soap . '.'¦; .'. . . ».".;... : .-., . /!5c
Mail Orders Promptly .FiikdJ/'.-
THAT IV! AIST PITTSf
• I 1 *. W. PITTS, .t he. Sta't loner.
1 008 .Market Street, above '. PostclL
. ' . .1-.- San Franclseo. '. •". ¦ ' •
For Breakfast
>. • • .
K M ODAK FILMS I
[DEVELOPED
up to and including 4X5
i PRICE CUT on
ROLL FlLMS>/v// KODAKS
3*x 35* dox. 54*- »X4> dox.63*
4x&dox.8i*-&yyte2Cfi£^r- i
&1//VSET BAZAAR i
1 4? THIRD ST. 6anfr<nckco. J
WeeSy Call $1.00 uer Year
- ADVEBTISEMKNTS.
ji KJ9CSI f - -i* ¦„¦ ¦¦¦¦-¦Hi ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦ ii ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦ '*! i " "_" ¦'"¦«- ' ¦¦¦¦- ¦.*—¦¦¦¦¦ 'ii tt^aKiH
B&n Francisco, Thursday, 2 June, 1904.
Weathered oak
bookcase, $13.50
•¦ Its' graceful.- simplicity ¦ -makes it one of th-
neatest bookcases, we- show. Measures 50 inches
high and 24 inches .wide and is in three finishes —
weathered oak, golden oak and mahoganized birch.
Price for any finish f 13.50. "Not. an ordinary value
by any means. ' ;
Tapestry Brussels Carpet, 59 cents the yard. \
This price includes sewing, lining and laying. If
; , you are in the market , 'for carpets don't fail to visit
the Breuner Carpet store. *^" >, -J
(Formerly the California Furniture Go.)
261 to 281 Geary St. f at Union SquareHigh School Graduation.
| - ALAMEDA'. June -1. — The- com--;
mencement exercises of the Alariiedi •_
High School will be held to-morro? .
night in Assembly Hall. Presiden
Frank Otis of the Board of.Edacatioi
will direct " the exercises itnd 'presen
the diplomas. . There \jill also be j
short musical' and literary- programme
and an address by Professor Adolpl .
C Miller of the. University of .Callfor
nia.' . ' :;-V- ~
¦ » .
INCREASES ITS CAPITAL.— The* Scott i
Van Arsdale Lumber Company yesterday fl!»
in the County Clerk's office a certificate c
th« Increase of its stock ffotn $t.0C0,CCO t *
X1.C0O.0CO. . - .
OAKLAND, June 1.— -Robert. Bu
sack, a husky painter, who^is serving
a sentence in the City Prison, was
taken from his cell this morning and
charged with battery on aged Edward
TIghe, a cellmate. Biisack will ap
pear to-morrow in the Police Court.
Batters Fellow Prisoner.
OAKLAND. Junc\°l. — The City
Council ' has' recommended the ap
pointment of^ Mrs. C. F. Baxter as
matron of the City Prison to fill the
vacancy caused by the death of har
mother, Mrs. S. B. Reed.
Daughter to Succeed Mother.
Mrs. Dr. Keck will have the direction
of the entertainment and will be assist
fid by Mrs. J. L. Buck, Mrs. George T.
Page, Mrs. George Pinckard. Mrs. Wil
liam Babcock, Mrs. George Boyd, Mrs
Vincent Neale and others.
-SAN RAFAEL, June 1.— Society la
dies of this city will give a unique
entertainment next Saturday afternoon
for the purpose of raising funds to
carry on the -work of exterminating
the mosquitoes. A wild west pony show
will be given and the sons and daugh
ters of some of the wealthiest residents
of San Rafael will take part In It
Fully, one hundred ponies will be ex
hibited and none but amateur riders
will perform. During the afternoon the
ladies of the San Rafael Improvement
Club will serve refreshments to the
guests.
Society Ladies of San Rafael Will Aa
• slst in the Work of E*terminat
; ing the Pest..",
PLANNING TO RAISE FUNDS
. TO FIGHT THE MOSQUITOES
LIVERMORE, June\l. — H. C. Hal
verson, aged 20 years, died suddenly
this afternoon while on his way to
camp with a party of friends near
Pleasanton. An inquest will be held
to determine the cause of death,
which, it is believed, occurred from
natural causes.
Young Man Dies Suddenly.
This was necessary in view of a re
cent shipment of cattle infected with
ticks to Napa County from Monterey
\ County. * A new ordinance provides
that the "District^ Attorney or Super
visors may at any tlm^ employ licensed
veterinary surgeons to, examine cattle
or other animals supposed to be af
fected with diseases and may establish
a 1 , Quarantine.
NAPA, June 1.— The Board of Super
visors to-day took action in regard to
the prevention of the entrance of dis
eased cattle from other counties and
for detecting. disease among cattle al
ready here. «•??>*¦" h;?-."'? ¦¦' .
Ordinance to Prevent Possible
Contagion.
Supervisors of Nnpa County. Pass an
OFFICIALS WILL WATCH
FOR DISEASED CATTLE
• OAKLAND, June 1. — Captain Cam
eron and Adjutant Artett of the Sal
vation Army were married this even-
Ing" "at the -headquarters -of the local
corps at 23 Ninth street. The cere
mony was performed by Colonel
French. Adjutant Artett has charge
of the children's home of the Salvation
Army at Beulah Park. The wedding
was" part of the celebration of the
twenty-first anniversary of the organ
isation ojf the Salvation Army on the
Pacific Coast • '^u'Cv rV-
Salvation Army Wedding.
Professor Charles Mills Gayley delivered,
the commencement address at the Mount
Diablo Union Hijfh School last Friday evening.
Carleton H. Parker, '«H, former editur of
tlje Occident ami Pelican and one of the 'au
thors of the »«-nlor extravaganza. Is preparing
to spend three years abroad, and will leave- for
Europe In a few days. He will spend so'm*
time In England and will visit Oxford Uni
veraUy. .
, Dr. Willis L. Jep#on of the botany depart
ment, under whote direction dentistry w.aa
practiced on tiie university oaks last year, to
preserve them against rot, believes that the
operations have all been successful and that
the lives of ,the trees will be greatly extended.
The treatment of the trees consisted' in sawing
off dead limb* and digging- out the rotted
places and 'then fill ins them with cfment, «o
that the air might I* kept out. In time, it' Is
hoped, the bark will grow over the tilling and
thus h!<ie It from view.
: BERKELEY, Jure 1.— President Wheeler
will attend and speak at the s*mi-ce'ntrnnial
Jubilee ceremonies of th« University of Wis
consin and "the inauguration-, of Profassor
Charles R. Van Hlse as president of the insti
tution, which are to be held In Madison .on
Wednesday, June 8. Among tne' other speaker.!
will b« ' Daniel C Oilman, president of' tne
Carnegie Institute; Richard H. Jesse, presi
dent of the University of Missouri; 'Cyrus
Northup, president Cf the University of Minne
sota, and James B. Angelt. president of th«
University of Michigan.
Profeusor Carl -Copping Plehn of- the - de
partment of economics will deliver the -com
mencement address at the University of Ne
vada, June 'J, In Reno.
UN IVERSITY'E VENTS
. Floor committee — 8. L. Snow (chairman), C.
R. Mulgrew. L. P. Snaer, J. B. Roberts, H.
R. fJulrhard. C. Ev Shields; TV. D. Motts.
.Reception committee — Grand President'james
D. TVhelan, M. A. Mclnnls (chairman), Wil
liam McCarthy. Gerald E. Ooggln, Dr. O. D.
Hamlin, TV. ...V: Harrington, TV. F. DuJdy,
John F. Smith, A. D.' Gervals, J. TV. Burke,
D. -H. Ifarkln. C. Chlsholm. A. TV. Waters,
John E. Fox, Charles L. Smith, Dr. B. Stetson
J. T. Harrington. T. J. Gallagher, R. F. Gul
chard Jr., Dr. 8, A.' Cloutler, . D^S. Mclntyre.
OAKLAND, June 1. — The members
of Oakland Council No. 6 . of the
Young Men's Institute will give their
nineteenth anniversary ball at Maple
Hall next Friday evening. The com
mittee in charge of the affair is com
posed of the following named:
Floor manager. George P. R. Clark; assist
ant. Dan J. Hallahan.
Young Men's Institute Ball.
Mr. Thompson is a graduate of Yale
and is highly recommended by Presi
dent Benjamin Ide Wheeler and Pro
fessor Henry Morse Stephens of the
University of California. He was for
four years principal of the Pierce
Joint-Union High School at College
City, California,. and for two years was
head master at the Selborne school,
San Rafael. Mr. Thompson is now
engaged in preparing a -book on the
place of high schools in American ed
ucation. The new principal Is thirty
four years of age and is married.
ALAMEDA. June 1. — George [ C.
Thompson, at present superintendent
of the Marysville public schools and
principal of the. high school of that
city, has been elected principal of the
local high school succeed Dr. A.
W. Scott, who has been appointed
principal of the Girls' High School of
San Francisco. ' ?~i%~:
George C. Thompson of Marysville Is
. Chosen to Succeed Dr.
A. W. Scott.
The ceremony was performed in San
Francisco, where the bride had gon«:
ostensibly to spend her vacation. A
week ago Brown left the employ or
Mr. Gansberger, telling his employer
that he was going north. Instead he
went to San Francisco, where he met
his sweetheart and the pair were made
one. . ' ~
MOUXT EDEN, June 1. — The secret
marriage of Miss' Lillian Bertram, a
school teacher who for some time past
has resided at Mount Eden, to Antone
Brown, employed as a farm hand by
Henry Gansberger. at whose house
Miss Bertram lived; has just been an
nounced in a letter from the young
lady. ' Vi-
Miss Lilllnn Bertram of Mount Eden
Elopes anil Weds Lover In
San Francisco.
SURPRISES HER FRIENDS
BY SECRET MARRIAGE
APPOINTED PRI>*CIPAIj OF
ALAMEDA HIGH SCHOOL
. OAKJLAXD. June 1.— ;The following
marriage licenses were issued .by the
County Clerk" to-day: George L. Wil
liamson, 25, and.Canrie Crane, 19, both
of Oakland; Warren .W. .Cameron, 29,
and Hannah Artett, 39, -both of Oak
land; Frank L. Clark, 4 9, St. Louis,
and Blanche B. Crark, 38, Berkeley;
George: Cosgrove. 84, Fresno, and
Irene M. Copeland, 23, Alameda;
•George W. Darbey Jr., 36, and Esther
W. Love, 28, both of San Francisco;
Glen E". Murdock, over 21, Santa
.Rosa, and Abby P. Elliot, over 18",
Vkiah; William P/ Willard, over 21',
San Francisco," a.nd J. Mecart,
ney, o"ver-18, Alame]da; 'Alfred R. P$l
tigro've,'.24, acd Emily Jund,21. Oak
land; Charles F. Hearther," 28, -and
Hattie. A.Tanbe, 24, both of Oakland;
Otto Tantte, 28, and Emma Hearther,
,21, both of Oakland; Clement P. Rust.
18*. and Ada M.Trefethen, 2*. both of
Oakland; James IJaliiel^ over 21,' and
Susie* A. Paul, over -18, both of Oak
land; .Edward H. Kimball,. over 18,
Oakland, "and Mary E.; Palmer, over
18, Boston; Herbert R. Erwin, over
21, and Irene L. Holmes, over 18, both
of Oakland; W. E, Gilrnan, 32, Santa
Monica, and M. ' Josephine Sublette.
28, Berkelej- . , * "
Marriage 'Licenses.
OAKLAND, June 1. — As more than
2000 tickets have already been sold
it is. assured that the audience which
¦will attend the entertainment for the
benefit of the Oakland Press Club at
the Macdonough Theater to-morrow
night will be the largest ever seen in
a local playhouse. The principal per
formers at the local vaudeville thea
ters, all of whom volunteered their
services, will have numbers on .the
programme. Managers Barnett of the
Star arid Peck of "Pex" will them
selves do song and monologue turns.
In addition to the professionals sev
eral of the leading local amateurs will
take part The stage will be under
th.e management of G. M. Fairchild.
The souvenir programme Is elabo
rate- and artistic. The frontispiece is
by Homer Davenport and there are
sketches by such well known local
artists as John L. McVey, Miss Ethel
Mott, J. B. Gum, Chester J. Wilson,
•Harry Rogers and T. A. Durgin
("Tad".).
Press Club Benefit.
Noticeable among the guests were two -re
cent brides — Mr,s. George Lackey (nee Scup
him) and Mrs. Morey (nee Koenlg). Mrs.
Lackey was a member of the receiving party
and looked very well indeed In her wedding
gown, a dainty combination of silk crepe and
laco. Mrs. Morey - wore one of her trousseau
gowns.' a handsome and very becoming old
rose silk, with which she wore a big black hat.
The guest of honor, also in her wedding
gown, was an attractive figure in that assem
blage of fair women, as she •« weir above
medium height and carries herself with a
stateliness that Is most becoming. The elder
Mrs. Parcells. who belongs • to that kindly,
motherly type of women that Is beloved by
everybody, always wears black, and her gown
to-day of heavy silk was brightened with a
fichu of rare white lace.
Mrs. J. R. Scupham wore a very handsome
gown of gray silk trimmed with black thread
lace.
There were any number of beautiful white
gowns the wearers of some of them b«lng
Mrs. E. C. Morrleon • Mrs. Churchill Taylor,
Mr*. Stuart Smith. Miss Elizabeth Scupham.
Miss Pauline Collins. Miss Lillian' Moller,
Miss Eva Powell, Miss Helen Powell. Miss
Aphla Vance and Miss Cordelia Bishop.
Mrs. Melvln C. Chapman — who, by the way.
Is one of Oakland's handrome women — wore a.
p«le pink creation of some soft cloth. Mrs.
Harry P. Carlton was also In pale silk. Others
In the receiving party were: Mrs. C. R.
Brown, Mrs. W. S. Noyes. Mrs. R. H. Cham
berlain Mrs. Giles Gray, Mrs. George H.
Collins, Mrs. Joseph Chanslor, Mrs. E. C.
Timerman. Miss Alice Heller, Miss Shreve,
Miss Pauline Collins. Miss Mary Barker. Miss
Grace Barnard and Miss Annie Flint.
- • • •
The Roosevelt, which Is ona of the coziest
studio buildings In San Francisco, was the
scene of a pleasant little musicale this after
noon very Informal and thoroughly enjoy
able. Miss Caroline Little was one of the
participants In the programme, the others be
ing Mr. Salmon, the pianist, and Mr. Cogswell,
the barytone, all of whom are delightful artists.
MIfs Rose Shallott Mitchell of New York, who
plays both maiviolin and guitar most artisti
cally was also a contributor to the musical
feast' Miss Flora Bell of Oakland, the clever
china painter, h«s her studio In this building
and dispensed the hospitality of the entertain
ing .'Oterie of artists In her always gracious
fashion.
Mrs. Frederick S. Stratton, wife of Collector
of Port F. 8. Stratton, was hostess yesterday
at a delightful' afternoon on 'the bay which was
given to n company of more than one hundred
guests. The 'party lfft the Washlngton-strett
wharf before noon In the United States cus
toms steamer Golden Gate, Captain J. C.
Cantwell, nnd went to Sausalito, where the
revenue cutter McCulloeh was boarded.
Captain II. B. Rogers had the veisel In gay
colors, «hlo beinc dre**ed in honor of the
vUitora. On deck an Oriental luncheon was
served to 110 guests: Particularly unique
were the viand*. I the dishes being Chinese,
Russian, Jap&nene and Filipino In character.
After luncheon the party was taken to the
naval training station at Yexba Uuena Island,
where they wrre received by Admiral Whiting,
the commandant, and his staff. The ladles
were ores; nted to Mrs. • Whiting. In honor of
the vlelt '¦¦-0 naval apprentices stave a drill
on the station parade ground. The Oakland
members of the party were later sent . to
Broadway wharf, Oakland, In the Golden
Gate, and those' from . Fan Francisco were
taken- to the city In the Slocum. The guests
were: Captain H. B. Roser*. Lieutenant R.
O. Cri°p, Lieutenant H. H. Wolf. Lieutenant
Ebcn Parker. Lieutenant H. O. Slayton, | Cap
tain.-and Mrs. J. C. Cantwell. Lieutenant
Wheeler, Mr. and Mrs. F. S. Stratton. Mr*.
Walter C. Good. Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Pra
ther. Mr. and Mm. . Eds in Adams, Mr. .and
'Mrs. G. W. McNesr. Miss McNear. Mr. and
Mrs. JoiteDh S. f?c nr Jr.. Mr. and Mrs. V.
H. Metcalf, Professor and Mrs. Bernard Moses,
Colonel and Mrs. George C. Edwards. PrfS.
Ident - and Mrs. Benjamin Ide Wheeler, Mr,
and Mrs. Harry East Miller. Mr. and Mrs. A.
A. Moore. Mlf* Ethel Moore, Mr. • and Mrs.
Warren Olney Jr.. Mr. and Mrs. Bernard P.
Miller Miss Prather. Mr. and Mrs. Georg* E.
Perkins, : Mr. end Mrs. Egb?rt Stone," Miss
Cornelia Stratton. Mr. and Mrs. Louts.
Tashelra, Mr. and Mrs. Harry H. Smith, Mr.
and Mrs. D. Heathaw Ward. Mr. and Mrs. F.
C. Turner. Mr. and Mrs. TVlllard Batchelder,
Mr. and Mr*. Louis A. Monteagle, Colonel and
Mrs. John P. Irish. Mrs. A. D. Wilder. Alvln D.
Wilder, Mr.' and Mrs. J. G. Allen, Mr. and Mrs.
V. E. Brlgham. Mr. and Mrs. R. M. Fitzgerald,
Captain and 1 Mrs. Charles- Minor Goodall, Mrs.
H. , P. Gregory. Miss Ellse Gregory. Mr. and
Mrs. Charles S. Houghton. Mr. and Mrs. R.
O. Brown. Mlsa Florine Brown, Mrs. Lillian
B. Evarts. Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Babcock/ Mr.
and Mrs., P.- E. -"Bowles, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Atheam Folger, Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Hath,
away. Mrm. Jennie Cook. , Mr. and Mrs. T. C.
Coogan, . Mr. and . Mrs. G. TV. Cope, Miss
Georgle Cope. Mlsut .Jennie Craic, Paul' p«n-.
npyer, Mr. and Mrs. J. O. Cadman. Mr. and
Mu. E. R. ' Folger, Mrs. J. A. Foljter, Mr.
anV Mrs. 8. R. 1 Knight. Mr.' and Mrs. W. 8.
Kenny,. Mr. and Mr*. TW B. Hamilton. Mr.
and Mrs. Newton Koser, Mr. .ami Mrs. H. J.
Knowles. Mr: and Mrs. J. B. McChesney, . Miss
Clara MeClenney. Mm. . Emll Barranran, Mr.
and - Mr». ¦ Clem G. Perkins, Mr. and Mrs.
George D.- Greenwood. Kterlin* A. Campbell,
Prof i f r,or '¦ and Mrs. G. M. Stratton, Mr. and
I Mrs. Richard Derby and Miss Alice McChes-
OAKLAND. June' I. — Few receptions have
been bo permeated with the spirit of hospi
tality as that given by Mrs. C. i B. Parcells
to-day In honor of her charming young daitfh
ter-m-Iaw. Mrs. Frank Parcells, who was Miss
Shreve of Alameda. One was made welcome
at the very threshold, where. In the vlne
lnclosed and carpeted portico, a delicious punch
tempted the thirsty to linger. In the wide
hall and artistic parlors wax white blossoms
lent their beauty and fragrance to the scene
and by contrast added to the exquisite effect
of the dining-room decorations, which were In
delicate- pink and green.' j ¦
Mrs! Parcells' calling list is an unusually
long one and mere than 400 guests were in
vited to to-day's affair. The hours were from
3 to Ti. and In the fashionable throng that
passed In and out of the pretty Webster-street
reeldence were many from, neighboring cities
and from across the. bay, notwithstanding that
the summer heglrtt has already begun and
numbers of the invited ones have betaken
themselves to the mountains and seaside.
Captain George 'W. Kelley told of
the open fields that constituted Pied
mont when he came there seventeen
OAKLAND, June 1. — The first Key
Route train, and the first train to give
Piedmont direct communication with
San Francisco, whirled into>lhe ter
minal station on Piedmont avenue at
10:33 o'clock this morning. The peo-;
pie of this pretty but hitherto 'out
of-the-way district united in giving
the train a welcome that was a minia
ture of the generous reception given
the first Santa Fe. train at Oakland.
There were prominent citizens, and
school children with flags and flowers
and speakers and'enthuslasm, for with
the coming of that train Piedmont
was given the best of car service with
both Oakland and San Francisco^
The first train was driven by Assist
ant General Manager J. Q. BroWn, and
carried President E. A. Heron of the
company. General Manager W. F.
Kelly, Attorney Harmon Bell, General
Superintendent J. P. Potter, Engineer
E. M. Boggs, Claims Agent John Fer
rin and Master Mechanic Georte St.
Pierre. This train was run alongside
a fiatcar that had been improvised Into
a platform and was Covered with floral
decorations prepared by the Piedmont
Improvement Club and individuals of
the district. On this platform were:
Chairman of the day. Captain . George -TV.
Kelley: J. 8. Emery. John Touhy. W. Thomp
son, Francis Kelley, A. TV. Smith, John
Remmey. John Adshpad. TV. H. Blake. City
Auditor Arthur H. Breed, Secretary Edwin
Stearns of the Board of Trade. President A.
Jonas of the Merchants' Exchange. Councilman
Elliott. Fltiserald and McAdam, Secretary
Wllber WaJksr of the Merchants' Exchange.
Dr. E. 'R. Talt. Captain C. P. Welch. Presi
dent Barnett of the Piedmont Improvement.
Club, City Enelneer P. C. Turner, Street Su
perintendent Charles Ott. Dr. H. B. Mehrmann,
A J Snyder, Captain Welch of the Independent
Square Improvement Club, Walter Fawcctt and
others. .
A new tlmecard has gone into effect
on the Key Route, because of .the
opening of the new branch. The
Berkeley train will no longer stop at
San Pablo avenue and ~ passengers
from San Francisco for' Oakland will
have to take the Piedmont train. The
cars for San Francisco from Oakland
will leave two minutes earlier than
formerly. The train will leave the
Piedmont station at two minutes,
twenty-two minutes and forty-two
minutes past the hour.
The train was then bombarded with
roses- by the children. The flag that
floated from the top of the station was
one of three made of silk grown at
Piedmont and is owned by Warren B.
Ewer.
Harmon Bell, attorney for the Key
Route, replied in. a few happy words,
expressing the pleasure of the officials
of the companv at the cordial wel
come. Councilman Elliott spoke for
the Oakland City Council. General
Manager Kelly Informed the~ people
present that every one would be taken
to San Francisco and back free' at the
close of the exercises, and there were
short addresses by President A. Jonas
of the Merchants' Exchange and Secre
tary Edwin Stearns of the Board of
Trade.
Piedmont welcomes to its territory a com
pany that has given evidence of its real states
manship In the projection of Its affair* at v/ell
es In the secrecy of Its deliberation. To one
who has seen the days of rocklnsr horsecars,
then the age of r!.val and mutually unaccommo
dating: lines, it is very gratifying to see a day
ushered In when, under one management and
with the most Improved equipment,' a vast
network of lines, Is servlnjr.thfs public- Pied
mont welcomes you with the outstretching
arms of her hills to her salubrious alra and
sunny- slopes.
years ago. The school children sang
"America" and Rev. Miles B. Fisher
delivered the address of welcome, In
which }ie said:
If after the discussion the Alliance
decides that the proposed bond issue
is a good thing, the members will sup
port it.
OAKLAND, June 1.— Colonel John
P.- Irish and E. P. E. Troy will hold
a debate on the "Bond Issue" to-mor
"rorv evening at Foresters' Hall undeV
the auspice's of the Oakland Common
Good Alliance. After the speakers
have opened the discussion a. recess
of twenty minutes will be taken irt or
der that any questions asked by del
egates may be answered. This dis
cussion will be open only to delegates,
and each speaker will be. limited to
five minutes.
Colonel John P. Irish and E. P. E.
Troy to Speak Before Common
Good Alliance.
YVDLL HOLD A DEBATE
OX THE BOND ISSUE
, BERKELEY. June 1. — Date cul
ture in California is about to begin in
earnest. Professor A. V. Stubenraach
of. the University of California has
just received from the Sahara Desert
a consignment of 1-40 suckers of date
palms and will at once set them out in
afteen acres of land set apart for the
experiment in the Colorado Desert
near. Mecc.a, Riverside County. Great
cafe will be' taken to- preserve the
suckers against injury. They will be
.\vrapped with burlap and excelsior,
so that they will be protected from the
scorching -sun. For .the first six weeks
water will be applied to them daily
and the ground around them will be
fertilized with green manure. .
.. It ¦will be three years before the
trees bear fruit- If in . trie meantime,
•however, the trees thrive as expected
more will be planted. It is estimated
that enough j dates wilL be secured
from these trees to supply the demand
of the United States, which is surpris
.ingly low. . A demand will be created
tor the fruit in time, . however, and
then a new industry will be added to
the many of the country*
Culture or Hie Desert Pratt to Begin
, . at Once in Southern .
California.
GET. READY TO PLANT
... FIRST. DATE. PALMS
EVENTS IN. SOCIETY
SCEXK DIUING THE DELIVERY OF CONGRATULATORY ADDRESS UPOX THE
ARRIVAL YESTERDAY IN PIEDMONT OF. THE FIRST THROUGH TRAIN
OVER THE BAILS OF THE KEY ROUTE SYSTEM.
. Alameria County. '
1 • V'AVKDNKSDAT. JUNE i. w
J. M. M? rwll to Elisabeth %I«rr-lt Twife).
lot on XW c<jrn*r.of Twenty-fUth (or Li ;r-I>
street and Telegraph avtfnu?, N 2W) by W <KU
i'l— >>i made, to correct and connrm <An l>. ;.">:>>.
Oakland, quitclaim deed; $5. • ¦ .
Albert S.- ' Bigelow • to Charles K. and HeUa
S. iVhitton, Let on S line .of Hawthorne avenue.
.2V2:aH W or 'Webster »treet. 8 174:*. W ISO.
fi 1C5.S4. E 150, Oakland; $10.
Mary and John U, Treadwelf to Charles M.
Sloan. lot on E Hne of Center street, li;i :*-j
N oT.Ninth. N 30. E 108:3^4 21>.*K W 1«'J:3,:
being cortlon lot -IS.' block Z>'<- map Etghth
street Tract.* Oakland; $1-0. '
. J. LouU.an<l Caroline S. Martin tor Frank H.
Graham tsUigl?). lot on I'. Une or .West .street.
SO N ol Twentieth. N 35 by E luO. being S .;.'•
feet of lot 2. Curtis & Wniiama Tract; #li». •
i Gertrude K." Itayley Iwlduw) to Ula- May
I 'Ellin (wife of Julius «.). lot on.S lino of Six
• te?nfh otreet. lot) E of, Bruih. E 33. by -N* 10a:G.
I block 2?3. Boadman's map. Oakland: *10.
John amKUlIian Mul'asiin tq I. Wollln. lot
.{•a. SE corner of West, and Eighteenth «r»«ts,
B'ZS.by E 7». being portion of. lot 4.- block- E.
property North Oakland Homestead Associa
tion. OakUrd; $10. • . •
¦' A.-.J. at.d Sophie M. Snrd»f to' Hattie J.
.Mills (wife of J. 15.). "lot 3«:, block "UirJ5. may
' A.- J.' fnyder's resutxlivlsion of . portion of blocli
St'KV. Jiorwiand Tract. Oakland; *1W. I- .
Mary Coyle (widow*, to Joiin Boyle'.. lot on
S Terrier- of East Fourte?nth an J .Second .avo
' nu*». SW iw by SO. block So. Cimton; Eilst
'.Oakland; gift. • . • .- :
. Qhrlstcpher Mahe> (single), to the Realty
Syhdicats. ».l"2 acres -beginning at SW comer
of T.'L. Walker's land, being SE .corner of
'land formerly of R.' irumma^ord. thence .VE
1O..M> cbalns. SW 11.31 ch.alns. . SW 12.25
chains, SE 5.57 chains t .> . r, --inning, portion
I>Ut. it. KeUer'sberj?er's maj* Kanchoa- V.- and .
D. Peralta. Oakland Town.«hip. excepting land
.descrtbed In deed t% Huratln P. Livermore. 16<>
D; 35ft, also excepting land deeded to C. E.
LIv^Tmore. 1(36 I>. SO, Oakland Township; also
l.O'l acres, beginning at a »take set'at E corner j
of . Stafford and Waldo streets, ' thence NE
102.05, SE SO, NE 27U.54. SW 25»J.7». NW.
SXLVt to beginning. ;lo:* 25. map plat 13 of
afcfes&ld rancho and fractional .portion plat'
XJ, etc.'. .Oakland. Town*hij>, ' said .above- de- .
scribed piece being also designated as lot 4\.
may Rock Ridge. lOakland Township: also a41
-Interest In lot on Waldo. Stafford and Charles
" str«"ets and 1 McAdam • from Clifton, to Unlori.
said last map. Oakland Township: $10.
Same .to Claremont Country Club (a corpora- '
lion), 28.21 acres, being 0 all of. lots S3. 41. 40..
-.47 and 49. map Rock Ridge ,• Oakland'Town
sHIp; $10-1 ' • •-" . . "
Realty Syndicate to Edwin .Goodall. WUlJarti
I'iVrci! Jchnson and Robert'M. Fitzgerald, 34.27
.acres, being lots 31 to 34. 39.-40, 42 to. 4-v map
..same. Oakland. Township: $1O_- - ;
, I-hila V: and H. A.- Adrian to R. -W. Roble,'
I lot on E line- if Sliattuck avenue Vas now *x- ¦
lsting). 5O N .of Virginia strett, N to 8 line
in Jot 8. E to W line of land conveyed to II. .
S. Cnm^H. SCO D* lie. S to line drawn at
.right ans.ea with iK.int of ' beginning. TV r>" ¦
beginning, portion x>l lots 1, 2, *3, block C.
Percy Tract. Berkeley! %\t>. • •' ' " • .'
: • -Xellirne- .Wadell tg Mathllde Weinnrann. lot'
on E !'ne of Fourrt stceet. l^>2;rt N -of Jbnea. '
N 50 by E 123. lot* 21 and ' 23. block 47.
Map Tract B ; Berkeley B. a id T. I. -AM*a.
Berkeley; $10. • . . • •
O.. N. and Man" McAuliffe to Henry «.
Baker, lot- en S line of JJoehper street. 37;6 ¦
W of I^ancaster. W ."57 :« by S ICO. lot 3 and :
portion of' lot 2. block 9, map-NoYth Alameda.'
Tract. -etc.. Brooklyn. Townahin; $10..
R. A. and Annie J. Smith to £lsie Carolina ¦
Lucas. !ot on 3W corner "of. Clinton .ave'nue.
and Wl!|pw "street, NW 100. SW 119:10 to"
shore line of Bay of San Fran<lscp. SE to NW.
line of Willow. NE to beginning, block 73. .
Map lands adjoining Enclnai. Alarr.Ma, (10.
Henry and Marcnretta P4nkus to Edward. T.
Pl-jnef (»1nsle>. lot . on SE corner of Filbert',
and Twenty-fourth streets. S 107. iB by E 10««. .
.poftlcn. of l;':t> '¦> and 1" block I. map survey
of Northern Extension. Ooiiland: $10.
Frederick Willlatn and. Johanna M. DobbeU '
¦ Emm» p. a'nd Henry Kluver to Augwt»'
. E. Schrleb'r Iwtie of Christ.iarn), lot on NE.
corner of Eighth* and Willow * streeta.- NK '
55:10. SE 53:5. S •"»:«. W «7. lot J. block 6S<\-'
Casserly Tract, at the Point. Oakland;. $10. •
Samuel and Caroline de Mpoy to William '
and Emma Holub, lot on N' line of Taylor,
street, 107. ?6 E of Piha.-E 31 :« by N 135. por
tion of lot 42. ylat and subdivision of block '
402. Oakland. Point. Oakland;. »10. . • -• .
Jefferson D.- and Emma C. King to Th'onuts
an.l Mary Burke, lot on E Itne of Wood street,
M):7'4 8' r>f Atlantlii. S 23 by E .SOfTVi. lot 19/ "
block 2S. map of lands en Oakland Point (Rail
road Ferry Landing), Tract 40«. Oakland: $10.
L. Olive Hilme (MngU).to Maftha D. Hum*
(widow), lot on E l.in* of Union street. 1<» N'.
of Thirty-second. N 50 by E IH'I. portion
lot 2. block- «78. map No. 2, Watta Tract.
Oakland; $10. . ' " *
L. TV. Bumhani to Mat Bodem, lot on B
lir.e .of Manila street. 50.S8 N of Its- intersec.-
Uo:> with S llKe of block 3...N "¦>« by E 112:
lot 6, -block ¦*. map blocks a 'and 4, Berkeley
Park, etc., Oakland; $10. • ";'--.
I. Magnes (administrator estate Ret>eck*
Wilke) to J " I>. Thompson, all Interest In lot
on 8 line of Alcatraz tivenue. 235.53 W " r.f
Racine street, W*-4O SE 13«»,85 NE 4O. XW
13U.05. lot 12. LJttlefleld Tract. Oakland; $800.
James L. and Grace A. Gould- to I«ab4l!a.'
Bristol (widow). Jot on E line of Grov* street.
159.28 IC of Axhby avenue." N 4O by E 122.5O.
lot 21. block- It. amended map' Central I"Brk,'
Airatrai arrrl Newbury stations. Berkeley :.$1".
F. D. Cornell- (single) to F. W.- Gibson.- lot
on N Une'of Dwight- way. .100 E of Bowflitch
streist. E 75 by N 150. portion .lots 1 an.d 2,
block' 8. property College- Homestead -AssoCia-
tlon. Berkeley; $10. - * .
Annie »,nd. John T. Ma bey to Juliet I.-
Thomas, lot on W line of Louisa street. 3K2-.1S
N 'of Oilman.. N 40 by W 134 «4. block' 1H, .
property Berkeley villa Association. Berkeley,.
$10. * -.. ' ' • .
Calvin S.-and Mary I* W!nch«ll to Onarlott*
Stevenson, lot on TV Hna of Lorira *tre*t^
220 N of Asbby avenue. N 4A by TV 110'. lol
10. block- C, Adeline Tract. Berkeleyi $10. *
Samuel P.- Poland (single) to W. J. Morti
mer, lot on E line of Walnut street. 120 >
of Rose. N 0J by E 1S3, portion lots 3. 4 and
X block 22. property of N. Byrne, In Berkelej"
Villa -Tract. Berkeley: $H>. "
.Henry O. and Sarah A. McCabe to" Frank
M. Scoonover lot on E line of .Spruce street,
233.33- N of TCcse, V 50 by E 121.2B. lot 3. b?Vi'
A. map of part of Hopkins Terrace. Berkeley:
*lff. •: . . . • •
William G. and Ketty T. HerisKaw (wife) «M
George W. .Re«dr attorney* to Affred C. an* .
Pauline O. Chrlstensen "(wifeX. -lots 4 and "t.
block C. Linda -Park. Brooklyn Town<h!p: $U> .
Andy L.. Stcne <m*rrled) and E. B. and A.
Ia Stone Company' <a corporation) tA W. II
arfj R. E. Taylor, lot f 4 n NW corner of Walnut
street cr Grand avenue.' 1W?.©8 NE of E'.m-'
th«r.c« at right angle NW 12O by NE 40. |v .
; 300. map E. B. and A. L. '.Stone Company' i j
lots. Elmhurst. Brooklyn Township; $10. "
Oakland Building and Loan Association (t
corporation) to Charles and " Bertha We»
• wife). Jot en S line of Third street. 3-V» TV r...
Jones avenue. S 123 by W 40. lot 23. block t
map Andrew Jones' subdivision.. • Brooklyi
.Township; $H*O.- : -. .:
Isabella Hawkins (widow) to R. TV. B*emxn.
beginning at point of termination of !!"
which beft-ina on "SW line of old coifnty roai
from Oakfand to San Leandro at point dlsttn
277.10 NW from W line of Uene avenue, conr
tlnuinn thence SW 2l!».7O and SE 2,0») to afor«
said point of termination whWt sat*, point b
place of beRinninjc of lmea Including land be;»
In described, thence SE 63.31 to TV line o
Llese avenue. N 120.97, NTV "0. SW 155 to be"
ginning. ' portion plat 4. map 22-aere tract
Brooklyn Township; $2500.
HEAL ESTATE TKAXSACTION3. .
The questions that have arisen will
be discussed at the next meeting of
The Buard of Education.
To offset the opinion members of the
board hope to arrange a contract cf
sale that shall provide for a surrender
ti> the board of all intere5t payments
on such bonds as fhall not be immedi
ately drawn upon. 'Unless some course
ehall be devised to enable the Board to
inove along Its originally planned lines
the State wilt be unable, to make an
Investment in the bonds as the Board
of Examiners had hoped to do. There
is in the State school lands fund $500,
000. which is available por purchase of
school bonds. The State board has
expressed a desire to buy that amount
cf Oakland school bonds.
This p'.an was dsvised that Interest
payments might be saved- pending the
development of plans, for new build-
Inrs. The general Idea had been to
use about T2O0.O00 5n the immediate
purchase of new sites and additions
to old lots for school, buildings and to
eper.d about $300,000 in the erection of
two new school buildings.
Oakland Offlei? San Francisco Call,
101G Broadway, June 1.
• The Board of Education is in a quan
dary over the opinion given by the
Pistrict Attorney, which declares that
the school bemd i?sue of $360,000 must
be sold as a whole and' not in parcels,
as was contemplated by the board.
It had been tn« purpose of the school
directors to sell at once not more than
$500,000 of the iFsue and tu reserve the
remainder until such time as it should
be .considered advisable to. dispose of
them. . ' . .
The' parties will meet to-night and
try to effect some sort of a compro
mise as to the disposition of the
children. «
Judge Ogden stated that It had been
with reluctance that he had listened
to the last two days' testimony.
"\Vhile there might be room for
doubt as to the guilt of the wife from
what had been testified to." he said,
"the letters which had paEsed between
the- pair made the proof as positive
as though all of their acts had been
done in the light of day. The very
denials of the wife only go to make
the proof against her more con
clusive."
At the close of a sensational day's
testimony in the Richards divorce
case the end came suddenly this after
noon. Judge Ogden without hesitation
giving the decree of divorce to the
husband. Unless the pair make some
arrangement between themselves the
three children will go to the father.
Damaging testimony of improper
conduct on the part of the wife with
George D. Cotton, who holds a good
position with the. Southern Pacific
Company, was introduced. Attorneys
Walsh and Pulcifer, for the husband,
then stated that while there was more
cumulative evidence they were Trilling
to submit the case and also willing
to stipulate that the other side could
tall Mrs. Richards arid Cotton and
that ¦ they would make a general
denial. With this understanding the
case was submitted.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broad way, June 1.
" The Claremont Country Club has
become the possessor of on&'of the
most ideal homes /or such an or
ganization in the country. Deeds were
placed on /record to-day by which it
becomes the owner of 134 acres of
land, embracing what is known as the
Rockridse Park tract, the Horatio P.
Liverinore . place ami Thermal Vale,
which is to be .converted into one of
the most beautiful and ' attractive
pleasure grounds to be found any
where in America.
A large portion of the tract is al
ready beautifully laid out with trees
of many years' growth, handsome
shrubbery, vines and arbors. It also
includes the Livermore home, a house
well constructed for the purposes of
the club. It contains thirty-four
rooms and is to be further enlarged
by the erection of an extensive porch
and other additions, at an expense of
$15,000. "
The purchase is the result of nearly
a year and a half's work. For a long
time little or no progress could be
made in the matter. The outlay will
involve the expenditure of $150,000.
There are to be golf links, tennis
courts, croquet grounds, with pro
visions for playing polo, hand ball and
other recreations. The site of " this
home is at the foot of the Contra
Costa hills and within fifteen minutes'
ride by carriage froltf?lhe center of
the city.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 1.
Location Is Already Under
Beautiful Cultivation With
Palms, Lawns, Shrubbery
A. J. S. Bourdeau, secretary-treasurer
of the California Tract Society, ren
dered a report showing that the income"
in his department had. been $12.4S6,
against $10,356 for last year.. Out of the
earnings of the concern $7o3 had been
spent in printing and spreading tracts
to the number of . 1,114,108 pages, and
64,000 copies of the Signs of the Times.
Of the church school work, the educa
tional institution of the conference;. J,
S. Osbofne, the superintendent, report
ed that, it had prospered wonderfully.
The total enrollment is now 720. and
within the year twenty new schools,
with twenty-six new " teachets, have
been added. ¦ .
Mrs. Carrie R. King, secretary of. the
Sunday-school department, reported
that the membership of the Sunday
schools' now is 3286. These members |
contributed $3756 to the cause, of whichi
$1617 was devoted to paying expenses.
Of the surplus $1756 went to home mis
sions and $173 to orphans.
The reports of four missionary super
intendents were all encouraging, th'ese
having: been submitted by the Rev.
Andrew Brosen of the Humboldt dis-.
trict, the Rev. D. T. Fero of the San.
Jose district, the. Rev. 'C. M. Gardner of
the Fresno district and Professor E: J;
Hibbard of the San Francisco district.
The following committees were ap
pointed to arrange for the' details of
the convention:
Omnlbug committee — C. II. Jones. George W.
Mill*, William Saunders. H. P. Gray. E. E.
Otterbeck. \V. II. Brown. J. D. Rice. Joseph
Gieenwood K. E. Parlln, A. J. Osbome. C.
M. Gardner. M. C. Wllcox. J. O. Corliss; M.
E. Cady, B. F. Richards. A. Brorsen. T. • J.-
Evans C. H. Fowler. F. T. Lamb. A. S.
Kellogjr. A. J. Bourdeau. H. E. Colby, J. i
Ireland G. W. Rime, A, T. Jones, C E.
Inland. D. T. Fero, M. C. Israel, A. J.-
Sanderson and J. A. Burden.'
Nomination* — C. H. Jones, Reuben Gray.
A. J Sanderson. B. F. Richards. A. • J. Jones,
L.. M. Bon-en. Georae W. Mills. ' ' . .
Plans — A. J. Bourdeau, M. H. Brown, -A.
J. Evass, M. C. Wllcox. M. E. Cady, A. S.
Kellogg. D.- T. Fero.
Credentials and licenses — J. O. Corliss, it-
C. Israel: C. M. Gardner. .¦•.:
Business sessions of the conference'
will be held daily, and twice a day re
ligious meetings will carry* the people
to the big congregation tent. Among
the prominent men who will speak are
Dr. A. T. Jones. J. O. Corliss of Eng
land;'the Rev. William A. Spleer, seer
retary of the foreign - missions board;
Professor M. E. Cady. educational sec
retary of the Pacific-Union Conference;
the Rev. M. C. "Wllcox, editor of the
Signs of the' Times, _ and- Dr. T. J'.
Evans, superintendent of the. St. Helena
Sanitarium. • .
The conference got down to business
bright and early this morning. Dr. A;
F. Jones,. its president, called the. dele
gates to order, and reports of officers
were at once entertained. The Report of
J. D. Rice, secretary of (he conference,
covering the period from April, 1903, to
December. 1, 1903, showed a healtliy
condltlon of affairs: It. revealed that
$33,800 had been collected in tithe's,:
against $33,186 fdr the same period the
year before. The general receipts were
$78,459 and the disbursements $78,875.
. Bushrod Park has been turned into a
city of tents, and the next twelve days
the white roofs of a hundred 'canvas
houses will cover the delegates to the
annual meetiag of the California Con
ference of the Seventh Day Adventlsts."
More than eighty delegates gathered at
the first meeting this morning, and in a
day or two the whole 107 delegates sent
by their respective churches will an
swer the rollcall. It is estimated that
250 people will be present throughout
the session, many of whom have come
from distant parts of California and
Nevada.- ....
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, June 1.
Reports of the Officers
Show Healthy State- of
the -Denomination's Affairs
Judge Ogden Holds Plaintiff
Guilty of Improper Con
duct With George Cotton
FATHER GETS CHILDREN
WILL SPEND $150,000
EIGHTY DELEGATES GO
Florence Richards Loses
Her Suit and tKe Basso
Actor Is Given the Decree
Acquires Rock ridge Park,
Li verm ore Homestead and
Thermal Vale Properties
California Conference of
Seventh Day Adventists
Begins Annual Session
Directors Hope to Find a
Plan to Prevent Interest
Payments on Whole Issue
¦-»
DESIRE TO .SE-GKEGATE
School Board in a Dilemma
Because of the Killing as
to the Sale of Securities
WOULD OFFSET
BOND OPINION
DIVORCE GOES
TO HUSBAND
COUNTRY CLUB
HAS NEW HOME
CHURCH PEOPLE
MEET IN TENTS
NEWS 0F THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
PIEDMONT GIVES WELCOME
TO LINE TO SAN FRANCISCO
Citizens. Celebrate AYrival of the First ..Key Route Train,
Which Inaugurates Direct Service Between Pretty Su
rf burb and This City---Reception Is Full of Enthusirsm
THE SAN FRANCISCO . CALL. THURSDAY, JUNE 2. 1904.
SACRAMENTO. June ' 1.— A' fire .In the car
rlaee factory of J.F. Hill, at Thirteenth and
J streets, this morning, caused a loss of foWO.
The property was Insured.
OAKLAND, June 1. — Glen E. Mur
dock, treasurer of Sonoma County, se
cured a license here .to-day to marry
Atoby p - Elliot of Ukiah.
Sonoma 's Treasurer Marries.
. SAN ¦ JOSE. Jun* 1.— W. F. Parker, who
successfully contented; the election 'of Martin
Murphy to the afflc e ¦ of County Auditor, to
day becan suit against* the county, to recover
J4T.0O. alleged to be due as salary for about
fourteen months, during which time the orf.ee
was filled by Murphy. -. . - • .
SAN JOSE. "June . 1.— Miss' Jessie
Drake, a" popular young woman, be
came the bride of Edmond *J. McDan
iel at noon to-rday. The! wedding oc
curred at the residence of the bride's
parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. \W. Drake,
at 495 West . San Carlos street. The
Rev! ; L. O. ; Herold performed the cere
mony.
Wedding In the Garden City.
OAKLAND, June 1.— Miss Amy M.
Badger, has been added, to the pre
ferred list of»teacher« selected by the
Board of Education for the ensuing
school year. .
Wins- Place 'on Preferred List.
6
After June 1 the Oakland
agency and mjws headquarters
of thi3 paper will be. removed
from 1118 Broadway to lOltt
Broadway, Oakland.
CALL AGENCY REMOVAL
NOTICE.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IX
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND. *
1018 Broadway.
Telephone JIain 1083.
BERKELEY.
• .2148 Center Stjrett.
Telephone North "7.
ALAMEDA.
• 1436 Park Street.
• Telephone Alametla 1592.
• ADVEBTISEME24TS.
"""« ***•' KOX"""'" ¦¦— - ;»-"i.-.i--.~iw»yi.~.....*»
A RECOMMENDATION
Of our work will be piven by any one of
the many we have successfully treated.
All are well pleased because ajl are well
» served. . . ..
OUR TEETH OK PLATES
"xt* the highest iy:hleveinents O f tnat
braach of • *
DENTISTRY
They look well and wear wel!. Perform
all the functions of the natural teeth
with comfort to the wearer.
Full Bet on Rubber. $3.00. *
Ptist-Gradaate ffenfai L College,
2 T A VI. OR ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
S73 Wasiiajrtoa St., Oakland. .
Ctn Jose . - Sacramento.whose marriage with the defendant had
never been annulled. Recently the
plaintiff received letters. from the flrst
wife informing her of the true state of
affairs. The husband is now living 1 in
Colorado. Mrs. Darby-Griffith No. 2
asks the court for a decree annulling
the second marriage and awarding her
the custody of her 8-year-old son.
CAXtZt subscribers contemplating: a
cZianze of residence durlnfr the summer
months pan liave their paper forwarded
ty mall to their new address by notify
inz TES CAI.Ii Business Office. This
paper will, also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local
curent in all towns on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THE SUMMER.
Lillian Sefton. the new soprano at
the Tivoli, Is a striking example of the
rise of a talented young American girl.
She was born in Washington, D. C,
and has received a thorough musical
education. Before she was out of her
teens everybody in Washington knew
of the talented little singer, and her
splendid success in concert work led
her to decide upon an operatic career.
Her first engagement was with Hen
ry Savage in the Castle Square Opera
Company. She advanced rapidly under
the management of Colonel Savage, and
then went into the Terrace Garden,
New York, .where she sang many im
portant roles. When Reginald de
Koven finished writing "Red Feather"
for Miss Van Studdeford, Miss Sefton
was chosen as alternate and won the
highest praise from critics. Her voice
is a brilliant high soprano, possessing
great carrying power and strength in
ensemble, and its quality in solo work
is sweet and sympathetic. Sergeant
Kitty should prove an ideal role for
her, and it is prophesied that she will
win the audience from the start.
NEW SOPRANO AT THE . TTVOLI.
WHOSE AI2ILITY HAS WON HER
FAME.
TACOMA, June 1. — A merger of the
Sperry Flour Company, the largest
flour manufacturing firm on the Pa
cific Coast, and the Tacoma Ware
house and Elevator Company, one of
the chief grain exporting companies
of the Northwest, has been effected.
The name of the new organization i^
not yet determined. The company will
immediately erect a mill in Tacoma
with a capacity of 1000 barrels per
day.
Northwest and Mill Will Be
Erected.
Xcu- Organization Formed in the
FLOUR COMPANY MERGES
WITII GRAIN EXPORTERS
Two days ago he was found at Eel
ma, acting rather insanely, and was
sent to this city, where he was placed
In a ward. He said he wanted to go
to San Diego and being told It was not
far he started to walk. He appears
to be in good health, but his body has
outlived his mind. Fallon was once
a well known business man of Fresno.
.FRESNO, June 1.— Fergus Fallen
was to-day committed to the insane
asylum. He is 104 years old and his
mind seems completely blank. For the
last ten years, off and on, he has been
¦weakening and spent much of his time
in the County Hospital. While .there
he used other patients roughly and
many times he had to be expelled
from the place. ,
Special Dispatch to Th» Call
AXXI-LS TIJE TIERXEYS' -tTXIOX.
.The last chapter in the short but ex
citing marita] adventures of Matthew
U: Tierney was" wrjtten- yesterday by
Judge." Hebbard. It is in the form of an
'annulment, at ."fierriey's marriage with
Frances T. Brown, which occurred at
Sacramento less than a fortnight ago.
Tierney and", his friend, William L.
ppatt, testified that the former was" un
. d'tfr- tlie influence of drugs and liquor
.when he a!l9\Ved himself to be cap
tured t»y the charming defendant and
Jed to the. altar. The court, finding that
¦Tierney wire incapable of contracting at
the Jitae. net" the marriage aside.
• The infeHcitfes- of Mary Josephine
Corwin- and Harry Emerson Corwin
.**ere" aired ip Jjidge Graham's court,
where both the jvife's suit for divorce
on the. ground of desertion and "the
*hp*band's cross -complaint charging In
fidelity were before his Honor. A de
cree was entered that Mrs. Corwin take
.the divorce, but that the IT-year-oId
daughter of the union remain In the
custody of th'e husband's parents, Mr.
and Mrs. G. G. Goodwin of .Frultvale,
where the mother Is to *ee the child at
reasonable times.
Suits for. divorce were* begun yester
day .as follows:. Marcus" B. Dye against
.Mary ,R." Dye -for desertion, "Minnie J.
Urowtf against .J. Olcott "Brown for fail
?ure to provide, Annabelle Van Allen
against 11&ny Van Allen for failnre to
•provide, Rlfea X. Brown against George
. H. Brown- for desertion «nd- failure .to
.provide and Nellie B. Reed • against
•GcArge W. Reed for desertion.
Aft actiomVfor the annulment of the
marriage of Mary J. Daiby-Grifflth and
Henry C. Parby -Griffith was begun by
it. C & Oliver Dibble as Attorneys for
<he .wife. Trie complaint alleges that
when the parties were married in Colo
rado in 18S5 the husband had a wire
living at * his old home in
-Judge Murasky granted W. H. Harris
a divorce from Etta May Harris on the
ground of infidelity. ¦ • . * ' '
Ju'Sge Troutt divc>rced. Richard Mo
Cabe from' E.thel McCabe because of
her- desertion, .' '. ¦ .";.' ; : .* '; . :.
.Judge MeVbard dented L>ena Fehle
nt-lcheT'p application for divorce from
August JPehlemelcher, but granted the
.husband's cross-BUit -for release from
th-e marriage; <ha.t occurred in this city
in May, i&>8. The plaintiff alleged cru
elty-in various forms, {ncluding. threats
of her husband_ f o shoot her. The court
found- these- charges unsupported by the
evidence, and the defendant . proved
th3t his wife had dese.rted him without
cause. • '• ¦ -*¦'• '¦¦¦ '*
; The defendant did not oppose the
e-utt. and Judge Troutt said that as
f con as formal proof of the marriage
rpcord- at SuisUn was' filed he' would
enter the' decree of annulment.
r>»KN*O\YN" WOMAN IX THE CASE.
Another young and attractive wife
obtained freedom from galling matri
rnonial bonde yesterday,- when Judge
floss: granted a. .decree divorcing Flor
ence • I*. Van Wormer from Roy Van
tVormer on her- proofs that he had
cruelly, abused-faer and fail.ed to provide
for Ithe. wants of herself- -and their 2
•year-old- son: The plaintiff testified that
her ihusband hid shown her love letters
from another woman, to her unknown,
arid, had taunted her with, his love for
this .person: In. granting a decree the
court ordered : that the defendant pay
his. wife $6^ per mnath and that she
should have, the custody <bf the boy.
; judge Kerrigan yesterday .defeated
the -efforts of-b<>th a h'usbati'd and a ivlfe
to -obtain* tiivorce from, each other.
Marie -Elizabeth Fisher sued to break
the bonds it her ma-Triage to. James
Fisher, whom she married In this city
on December. 2?, 1S9L She alleged cru
sty vif an ''.extreme character. The de
fendant - filed . a counter- complaint,
making a similar charge against hrs
wiJe. After several days-' deliberaticm
on; the conflicting evidence Ju^ge Ker
rigan decided torefuse each of the .par
ties the divorce desired- ' • ¦¦ "• *"
Mrs. Goodrich'.s testimony was cor
roborated in some of Its details by her
neighbor. Mrs. Badie E. Archibald, who
told the court how her friend had fled
to ?ier for protection from Goodrich alt
the time, of the former shooting affair.
This shooting was a matter of common
knowledge and Goodrich . had. been
jailed for It. The witness had seen the
defendant, drunk and parading the
Ftreets in his underclothes; and she had
heard. his' threats against the; life of
his wife.. She it was to whom Mrs.
Gobdrich had first disclosed the fact. of
her remarriage, and she had employed
an attorney 'to hunt up the record of
that ceremony and to bring the action
for .its annulment. " . .
The persons were divorced ; after a
brief marital experience in October}
1WL The wife was the plaintiff in that
action and established cruelty as the
ground of the decree. On July S, 1902,
as Mrs. Goodrich testified yesterday.
Goodrich met her on the street and
threatened to shoot her if she refused
to remarry him. He had shot at her
ence when : they were living together
before. Yielding out of terror, she al
lowed him to take her to Suisun. in
Solano County, where they were mar
ried by -a Justice of the Peace. They
returned at once to this city, and Mrs.
Gaodrich declared that she left the
mac at the f erry, went to her home
an3 had not seen him since." Eight
<lays after the forced marriage she
called for Japan, where employment
tad been offered her and where she
remained for a year and a half. Her
second marriage had meanwhile been
kept secret even from her mother.
The Becond marriage of Herschel
Goodrich and Louise Becker Goodrich
•was broken yesterday by Judgre Trcutt
In the Superior Court after the young
and pretty wife had told his Honor a
etrange tale of her husband's use of
force to compel' her to remarry him.
Fergus Fallon Acts Strange
ly and Must Hereafter Re
main in a State Institution
Darby-Griffith Has a Wife
Too Many and the Ameri
can One Asks Annulment
TIERXEY IS SET FREE
Finds Second Marriage of
Louisa and Eterschel Good
richKesult Of Threat to Kill
ATTEMPTS LONG WALK
Former Fresno Business
3Ian Who Outlives a Cen
tury Goes to an Asylum
EXTREME AGE
RUINS A MIND
JUDGE BREAKS
FORCED ONION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY," JUNE: 2, 1901.
MISS SEFTON
VERY POPULAR
IN THE EAST
7
! '>* C ADVXBTISEMZirrB.
SifSAVED FROM
¦ OPERATIONS.
''¦¦/. r- r^- \ ¦ *:
ZS3S. BTELLA CEBBTT, {
ZTo. 3264 Bosh St., San Francisco.
MRS. CERNT SATS: "After yeaVs of suf-
fering and drusTtTig and after two unsuccess-.
ful surgicsl operations, I have t>e«n promptly
and thoroughly cured by the Electro-Chemla
treatment st a very reasonable expense. it
li\e« me crest pleasure to recommend this
most wonderful sew treatment to suffering
»fn:»n for I am cure that there Is no treat-
ment in th» world Tinal . to it for the serious
tpt^lal diseases of our fx."
(Signed) MRS. STBLLA CERNT.
..-.:.- 2264 Bunh St.. Ssn Francisco.
f LECTRC-CHEMIC SPECIALTIES:
Electro-Chemistry cores quickly, pain-
let-sly and cheaply Cancers. Tumorn. Old
i Ulcers, Dciemi, Xbeuaaatism, Keuraljrla.
. Looomctor Atarla. Paralysis, Deafness,
i Head iroiceo. Zssomnla, Goitre, Brlarnt'C
Disease. Diabetes. Dyspepsia, Plleis, all
Slseaseo of the- Stomach. Liver. Kidneys,
Bladder and Bovtls, all Kcrvons Blstases
J aad Spocial diseases of SCen and Women.
Tree examination, diagnosis, advice
and trial treatment.
HOME '• THSATMJBWT— Patients aro
cured most successfully at acme by
Electro'-CieDiistry. Those who cannot
caU for personal examination are advised
to write a full description of their symp-
toms, and . full Instructions will be
promptly forwarded for home examina-
tion and* treatment, free of charge.
ILECTRO-CHEMIS INSTITUTE
118 OEANT ATE. Cor. Yost St-
8AN FRANCISCO.
Office, hours — 9 a. ra. to I p. m. and* 7 to I
B. m. dally. Bundays— 10 a. m. to 1 p, m.
¦•carats . a»arUnents_.f cr J«41ts . and_ irectleiaen.
CAZADERO
The Qea of All Hortbtxn ' Betrt*toh .
Or ore, Tortst. OXada and Dsll. ¦ ,
Crest, Canyon, Hill and Sal*. '.
Xnoll, Knob, Peai and Mountain-.
The horn* of the' trout and the haunt of ths>
<ieer. Reached over th« North Shore Ry.i via
8ausallto Ferry.
A year ago I leased this resort for. a nua- ;
ber of years. To-day I have the pleasure to
tell you that, owing to last season's big and.'
unprecedented partonage, I have purchased this
magnificent domain of over 1200 acres. A thor-
ough renovation has been made of all the prop-
erties. Insuring the best of service and ac-
commodation. In the matter of recreation
a new building containing a bowling alley has
been added, also a new tennis court, and boat-
, ing and bathing on the. river, all free to guests.
i Free camping grounds ln fhe Cazadero giant
! redwoods from May until October, Jbtrt sani-
i tary rule* must be complied w.ith.
I Lots, one-quarter acre, for sale., from $100
up. and cottages built to suit at city flgures.-
Take Sausallto Ferry via North Shore -Ran-
Toad. Round trip, good for six months. $3 73.
Round trip. Friday till Monday, $3; no stag-
ing; depot on'the ground. Fare at hotel or cot-
tages, $2 per day; $10 to f.U per week; special -
rate by the' month.
For particulars other than herein given -writ*
J. J. THIRIQN. owrer and manager. .Hotel -del
Cazadero. Sonoma Co.. Cal.. or North Shore
R. R. office. 626 Market at.. Ban* Francisco.
VACATION 1904
IS HOW READY FOR DISTRIBUTION.
"VACATION" is iss&ed an- V
California Northwestern R'y
¦THE FICTCKXSQu'E SOCTE Of CALI70SXU,
and Is the standard * publication ;T5
on the Pacific Coast for Informa-
tion regarding j ' " . '
MINERAL SPRING RESORTS.
COUNTRY HOMES AND FARMS
WHERE SUMMER BOARDERS
ARE TAKEN, AND SELECT CAMP-
ING SPOTS/ ''• * ;
This year's edition, "Vacation 1
1904," contains over 150 pages. . •!
beautifully illustrated, and ia ' J
complete in its detailed Informa- .
. tion as to location, accommoda- 1
¦ tlons. - attractions, etc., with • J
terms from $7.00 per week up.
To be had at Ticket Offices. C2O Market
Street (Chronicle Building), and Tlburon Ferry,
foot of Market Street; General Office. Mutual
Life Building, corner of 8ansome and California
Streets. San. Francisco; ln Oakland at 972
Broadway. • ; '-^T- ;V
Applications by Mall Will Bectlvt Ha-
ni ediat a Besponse. , '.:¦-,
H. C. WHITIXG. Gen'l Manager.
R. X. RYAN, Gen'l Pass'r Ajent.
CAMPBEll HOT SFXXVOS.
In Sierra Nevada Mountains. Sierra County.
5000 feet elevation. Are beautifully located
at the head' of the great Sierra Valley, 30
miles long by 5 miles* wide, surrounding which
Is the great primeval forest of pine and fir. A
specialty Is made of the table. The hot springs
are unequaled- for the cure ot rheumatism.
goui, liver and kidney complaints and all blood
ana skin diseases. Rates for room and board.
$12 to $14 per week. Round trip from San
Frknclsco to springs via Boca. $14 50. Stage
dally except- Sunday, connecting wlta 8 p. m.
train from San Francisco.
TAXOS TAVEK3J — Situated on tha
shores of Lake Tahoa, the largest and most
beautiful body of water .In the world at this
elevation, is now open for the accommodation
of guests. ' The tavern will be conducted tnle)
season by Mr. F. W, Richardson, manager ot
California's famous misston hotel. The Ol'sn-
wood.i Riverside, which is sufficient g-oarante*
that it will be strictly first class. Tin table-
will be supplied with all delicacies of the sea-
son, while fishermen will be constantly em-
ployed to furnish lake trout. For rates address)
_^ F. W. RICHABP8ON.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAOE LINE— Hootand to Bartlett Bprlnsa,
via Lakeport, carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with
trains at HoDland. Leave Hopland at 12:30:
arrive at Lakeoort at 8:30: arrive at Bartlett
Springs at 7:30. New ft- horse 14-passengsr
tourist wagons, with all the most modern im-
provements. Passengers for Lakeport or Bart-
Int Sprtnss, call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
8tage Line. Tickets can be purchased at ofSc*
of California N. TV*. Ry.. 650 Market st.. or
at Tlburon ferry.
. MILLER A HOWARTX Props.
- WHITE STTLFSTCnK S7SX2TQ9, Tall a] o,
Cal. Moat accessible springs to San Francisco;
round trio $1. so stage fare; only 2\i hours'
ride; 5 miles from Vallejo: hot. cold and
plunge sulphur baths; wonderful cures of rheu-
matism, neuralxla. eczema, kidney liver and
stomach diseases. Beautiful grounds and laka
for boatins; and bathing. Dancing pavilion.
New bowline alley and shuffle board. Kates.
$10 a'week. Including baths. Address MAN-
UEL MADRID> Vallejo. Cal.
BXT3IC05T FABK— A delightful resort
on shores of Lake Tahoe. Best sandy beach
for bathing- on the lake. Fln» fly flshtns; and
hunting ln season. Boats, fishing tackle and
horses at moderate hire. Rates $2 a day or
from $10 to $16 per week. P. O. and telephone.
A. L. FROST. Rubicon Park. Lake Tahog. Cal.
W K1T2TET HOUSE,
Truckee Cal. The leading hotel. Headquar*
ters for 'tourists and commercial men. Summer
and winter resort. Maal station for passen-
gers Stage for Lakes Independence and Web-
ber Camobell Hot Springs and Slerraville.
STEWART McKAT. proprietor.
XJLXE TAXOr.
LAKESIDE PARK. Open May 1. Hotel.
cottages and tents. Popular family resort. De-
lljrktful camping grounds near steamer land-
ing. Furnished tents to rent. Booklets. Trav-
elers' Bureau.-' 30 Montgomery St., or ot E. D.
Bmith * Co.. StateUne P. P.. CaL
«TH2J GBOVE."
Lake Tahoe half a mile eatt of Tallac. on
lake shore: rates $2.00 a day; $10.00 a week:
meals COc Good saddle horses and the best
of livery. Boats free to all guests. J. £.
PARMETER. proprietor. Tallac. Cal.
UKBVEX'S PARK. Gaernsvlll*.
A resort for your family. Partly furnished
cottage*, $12 per ' month j and up. Tents «n.t
platforms. Near Russian River. Board an.i
room 'at $7 SO per week. See PECK'3. 11
Montgomery st. . '¦
OCCZSIOTAZi SOTSXs EATWaBSS,
.. First-class resort; tennis, croquet, bowline,
amusement hall, eta. Special rates to families.
Terms reasonable. A. GAUDAKD. Prop., phoae
Black HL . •.
. KrVZSSIDE HOTEL and COTTAOE3
Nesr beach;- SO acres beautiful grounds: sp»-
eial rates to families: write for booklet. F.
PARSON. Proprietor. Santa Cru«-
" frnT.T.TiWHC HOTEL. El Varano. So-
noma Co.. Cal Terms. $1 dajf and up;, hoc
mineral springs near by. Long distance tele-
phone; daily mall. JOHN BERRE3. Proprietor.
CAMP FXSTOiXSI, , Marln County:
housekeeping cottages »U per month; hotel
rate. $3 per week.
T.AiTB SHORE HOUSE — Glenbrook.
Nev Cottaree torent$3up. Ist-class board, millc
and CT°ainr fre»h vegetables. D. COUILLARD.
DE !**¦ ROZA resort. Santa "Crus Mountains;
cottages and tents for light housekeeping or
camping. A. J. GIBBS. Mxr.. Globs, OH.
AETNA SPRINGS
Is not a thousand miles
from nowhere. Leaving
San Francisco at 7:30
| a. m. you i get there in
time for lunch. There is
little staging. Just send
: for booklet. Aetna Springs
Co., Napa County, Cal.
THE NEW HOTEL AT
ADAMS
\ IS FINISHED.
Every one knows that Adams water cures
stomach, liver and kidney diseases.
WHY EXPERIMENT?
For further particulars write to W. R PRA-
THER.
LAKE COUNTY
. New, comfortable carriages direct to the
most picturesque portion of California. Eest
¦ equipped stage line ln the State. Leaves Calls-
toga dally (Sundays excepted) at 11:30 a. m.,
direct to Harbin. Selgler. Adams. Howard. An-
derson, Hobergs, Hpter*. Astorgs and Glen-
brook; half hour for lunch at Callxtoga; also to
Mlddletown. Lower Lake, Kelseyvllle and
Lakeport. Livery ln connection. .
0 WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
Hotel | CARMELO
Pacific Grove, California. "The Little Del
Monte." At the seaside with home comforts.
The Dlace to spend your vacation with your
family. Surf bathing and fishing. Rates
with board |2 50 a day upward, cheeper than
staying home. Send for Illustrated pamphlet.
Address GEO. H. CORDT, Manager.
CAMP VACATION.
Hotel under canvas on the Russian River
below Guernevllle ln a grove a mile and a half
long, skirting the river; tennis courts; 40 new
boats; will build a dam Ln the rivrr; 4 miles
of smooth water for boating and bathing.
Adults (2 per day, $10 per week; children
under 10 half rates. Special rates for fam-
ilies. Opens May 1. Addr»«s MRS; L. C.-CNO-
PIUS, Camp Vacation, "Vacation" P. O., So-
noma County, Cal. >,
LYTTON SPRINGS
New management; no staging; depot on
grounds; ,.phone; fare $2 40; Tlburon ferry;
rates $10 to $15 week; table first clam; our
own dairy: hot mineral bath*; swimming tank;
livery; billiards; croquet. Booklet Pack's Bu-
reau, 11 Montgomery St.. or BARKER &
ROSS, Lytton Springs. Sonoma Ccunty, Cal. •
THE TALLAC
Now open. The Summer Resort of America.
European plan only. Cafe flrst class. Prices rea-
Bonable. Resident physician. No consumptives.
Pamphlets at S. P. office, 613 Market street.
Address M. LAWRENCE & CO.. Tallac, Cal.
HOTEL BEN LOMOND,
Santa Cms Mountains.
Now open. For booklet apply to Peck's Bureau.
II Montgomery, or 8. P. Co., (tl.1 Market. B.
DICKINSON. Prop.. Ben Lomond, Cal. •
Napa Soda Springs.
¦ The famous, mountain health and pleasure
resort is now open for the patronage of the
public. Address JOHN JACOBS.
B ROC I<: W A ;,Y
IiAke Tahoe, -.' .' :
OPENS JUKE l«t.
Write FRANK B. ALVERSON. Mgr..
| ¦ '¦-¦:•; , Brockwaj-, Cal.
POINT AR^ENA HOT SPRINGS.
Open June 1. new hotel; large dining-room,
telephone, hunting, . fishing, swimming, bowl-
ing, dancing. G«t booklet Information Bureau,
30 Montgomery st. DR. W. A. McCORNACK.
proprietor. - • .
TtEED PAD1T INN* nd cottages; 6 miles from
DECK rAHA llui Laka Tahoe: open June 1;
elevation 6607 feet; mineral spring*. Booklet
Travelers' Office, 30 Montgomery, st.
i • J. B. SCOTT. Deer Park, Cal.
! The Reason Why
j BARTLETT
is so popular as a HEALTH and
PLEASURE resort:
I The increasing numbers benefited
by visiting the Springs.
The purity and agreeable taste of
the waters.
The delightful and health-giving
, baths. t
The excellency, of the table. :•¦
' The dry and bracing atmosphere.
The walks and drives through the
mountains. ' . .
The hunting and fishing with all
kinds of amusements.
; Nature and man' vying with each
other to give air a delightful time.
RATES— Hotel, $12.00 to $17.G0'per
week; housekeeping cottages, $3.00 to
$15.00 a. week. > {{i
Write . J. B. , McMahan, Bartlett 1
Springs, Cal.. or call at 2 Sutter.st.,
San Francisco.
I GRAND OPENING
and Dedication of the Exten-
sive Beach Improvements at
Santa Cruz
Saturday Ev'ng, June 1 1
Grand Fireworks Display by California
Fireworks Co. Brilliant Electrical Illu-
minations of Pacific Ave. and Esplanade,
I Neptune Casino, Plunge Baths and Pleas-
ure Pier. Third Artillery Band, U. S. A..
Concert and Ball.
Special Excursions via S. P. Ry
I ' ' .¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦
Santa Gatalina Island
SVs Hours From Los Angeles. Season 1904.
Our famous Marine Band.
' Hunting mountain coat, sailing, bathing,
! golf, tennis and . the finest fishing on the
Cam? Life a Special Feature.
Hundreds of furnished tents at reason-
able rates.
Hotel MetrpgoiB, )
| Modern In all particulars.
! For further information address
PECK'S INFORMATION BUREAU. 11
Montgomery St., or BANNING CO., 222 S.
I Spring st., Loh Angeles.
O /•" /I /"»/"» O HOT SPRINGS, SONOMA
OK/i(j(jU COUNTY: °nly *H hours
from San Francisco and
' mmmm ~ mmm ~ mm """"" but 0 miles staging; wa-
ters noted for medicinal vlrtuec; best natural
hot mineral water bath In State: boating and
swimming In Warm Spring Creek: good trout
streams; telephone, telegraph, daily mall, ex-
I press and San Francisco morning and evening
I papers; FIRST-CI-ASS HOTEL, AND STAGE
8F.RVICE; both morning and afternoon stages,
round trip from San Francisco only $3 50. Tak*
| Tlburon ferry dally at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p. m.
Rates $2 a day or $12 a weel« References, any
Rti*-t t of the paBt nine years. Patronage of
190T. unprecedented. Information at Tourist In-
formation Bureau. 11 Montiromery St., or of
J. F. MULGREW. Skaggs. Cal.
• ••• ««»»»«•• «»»»»¦««<»»««»
j CAMP CURRY
i ' . Get circulars at all railroad offices. ,
? Advertised by 4000 guests. i
| YOSEMITE ;;
3LUE"
Ideal summer resort; hunting, boating, fish-
ing. Music every evening. Send for pamphlet.
O. WEISMAN, Mldluke P. O., Lake Co.. Cal..
or call on Dr. Happersberger, 1104 Market, S. F.
LA. IKES
HOTEL ROWARDENNAN
"IN THE MOUNTAINS BT THE SEA."
BEN LOMOND— Santa Cruz County.,
REGULAR SEASON.
Opened May 15 under entirely new man-
agement. Round trip trlckets from San Fran-
cisco $3. For booklet apply Peck's Bureau,
11 Montgomery st... S.F.. or to WILLIAM G.
DODGE, Lessee. , . - , -
fl If n fa &l Hot Springs; on line South.
1 1 V 1 1 1 1 nl ern Paclfl c: 2% hours from
Kl K I I In Kan Francisco. 3 trains
11 I Kill II daily : luxurious mineral
U I HUH Bnd «""' baths; hotel
unique - ln cuisine service
and appointments. Information at S. P. Co.
Bureau, 013 Market st.,' Peck's Bureau, 11
Montgomery St.. or H. R. WARNER, Byron
Hot Springs. . Cal
Harbin Springs
... Most desirable ln Lake Co. ;, contains sulphur.
Iron, magnqpla and arsenic: wonderful cures of
rheumatism, catarrh, kidney, liver and stomach
troubles; new gymnasium, bowling alley, hand-
ball court and , billiard-room. Acetylene gas
plant, livery, home dairy, >flne vegetable garden
Round trip ticket*, S. P. office, $7. J. a!
HAYS, Proprietor. . . <
LAKE TAKOS RAILWAY AND
TRANSPORTATION CO. /
' Connects at Truckee with train leaving S. F.
at 8:05 "p. m. Returning, connects at Truckee
with train reaching 8. F. at 7:50 a. m.
TUXEDO HOT El7~
Extensively Improved since last ' season.'
Opened April 1. THOS.L. BELL, Mgr.; Fel ton,
Cal. 'Buy tickets ' to ' Tuxedo, narrow-gauge,
foot of Market street. Round trip, $3.00. -
H, 8. B. R. TOCflLOMA - lUria Cv
Bertrand Hotel: flr*t-class accommodations;
special rates for families and partita; fishing,
hunting. ¦ boating ' bathing; - beautiful drives to
Bear 'Valley: telephone. JOSEPH F. . BER-
TRAND, or Bulletin Office, every Thursday, 2
to 4 ». m. A
THE GEYSERS
The Most Pamons Health. and Pleasor*
, Besort.ln California.'. ¦
THE CLIMATE AND SCENERY are unsur-
passed and the waters are acknowledged the
best on - the market. Natural mineral, steam
and Hammarn bathsr Swimming lake of tepid
mineral water. Boatinjr; hunting, fishing,
dancing, shuffle-board, blllfards and croquet.
THE HOTEL AND COTTAGES have been
renovated throughout, and new cottages and a
fine pavilion built this year. ! ;•
• There will be a fully equipped dairy and Ilv-
ery stable ln connection with the hotel. The
hotel, cottages, bath houses and grounds are
lighted by electricity.
The hotel will.be supplied with the best the
market affords." Rates, $10, $12. $14 and $16
per week. .For further particulars and booklet
write R..H. CURRY, Prop. The Geysers.
Sonoma County, California.
AguaCaliente
Springs
We have . added many NEW attractions to
this beautiful and romantic epot; open all the
year round; the nearest Hot Sulphur Springs to
San FVancIsco. temperature . 115 degrees; no
staging; fare $1 10: sure cure -fon .heumatlrm,
asthma and all kindred ailments. We have five
different Hot Sulphur Springs: tub and plunge
baths and the largest mineral water swimming
tank ln the State. Table and rooms are first
clam. Rates $2 per day. $12 to $14 *per week.
Special rates %p families and half rates to chil-
dren. Inquire at Peck's, 11 Montgomery at-,
or address THEO. RICHARDS. Agua Calient?
Springs. Sonoma County. California.
-» We have erected a stone building, modern
dining-room; can seat 400 guests.
FREE EXCURSION
-TO—
TUSCAN
SPRINGS
MAY 1O.' 19O4.
For the next sixty days the Tuscan Mineral
Springs Corporation will furnish railroad trans-
portation to and from Tuscan Springs and any
points within 300 miles, free to visitors who
sp--nd thirty days, and free fare one way to
those spending twenty days at the springs. '
Send 30c ln stamps for bottle of stomach and
catarrh salt. Booklet free.
Rates $12 per week and up.
TUSCAN MINERAL SPRING CORP.,
i Tuscan. Cal.
WHY NOT SPEND YOUR
SUMMER AT HOTEL DEL
MONTE? NEW MANAGE-
MENT-GOLF, GLASS-
BOTTOMED BOATS, SURF
AND POOL BATHING,
OILED ROADS. SPECIAL
TERMS TO FAMILIES.
GEO. P.SNELL, MANAGER.
MARK WEST
. H -*£c.p? B SPRINBS
MRS. J. D. DROST and MRS. H. KOENER
will manaco the springs; many improvements;
new cement bathhouse and gas all over place;
$2 day; $10 and $12 week. Office. 833 Larkin
st.,, cor. Geary, or Mark West Springs, Santa
Rosa. Rural No. 6.
SODA BAY SPRINGS
Situated on Clear Lake. Hunting.' fishing,
boating, launch, horses, tennis, croquet, dark-
room, warm soda geyser ln bathhouse, club-
house, etc.. Increased accommodations, modern
convenluices. Scenery unsurpassed. • Table a
specialty; Rates per week, $10 to $15. Photos
and Information at Chatfleld & Vlnzenfs. 228
Montgomery st. or LEE D. CRAIO. Manager,
Soda Bay. Kelseyvllle P. O., Lake Co.. Cal.
LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland of America. The only lake
resort that has I.t.t own mineral springs. Boat-
ing, swimming, fishing and hunting. EDGAR
DURNAN. sole proprietor. Laurel Dell P. O.,
Lake County, Cal.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS,
Banta Ro*a— Beautiful - grounds, all kinds of
amusements : valuable water; cures rheuma-
tism,- dropsy, dyspepsia, liver, kidney, ca-
tarrh, stomach troubles; phone; -bus meet*
train; take Tlburon ferry; rates per week $8
up. H. A. D. FLEMING. Banta Rosa, Cal.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM.
' Not a hospital; best equipped on Coast; mod-
ern improvements; , large treatment rooms;
ideal location; r>»i acres; one block from street
cars; write for literature. San Jose, Cal. .
VICH/ SPRINGS
Three miles from Uklah, Mendoclno County.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths.
Lovely grounds: fishing and hunting; crystal
spring; accommodations and table first class.
¦ J. A. RKDEMEYER. Proprietor.
DUNCAN SPRINGS
OPEN May 15. 'Two miles from Hopland.
Fine medicinal waters. Hard finished hotel.
Excellent table. Rates $1(^ to $12 per week.
PARK HOUSE, Ben Lomond, CaL
- Under new management. Up to date. Beau-
tiful grounds. Running stream and pond with
Eood flohlne. Playgrounds for children. Free
carriage meets all trains. J. I >. CELLA, Mgr.
OwnSflmierHome -SisSESScS. " Camp-Meeker.
Pure water, equable ' climate, lots selling $10
up; cottages -built by Meeker, $50 up; depot:
stores: .restaunrnt; hotel; post and express:
telephone; sawmill; 000 lots sold; 300 cottages
built. Sausallto ferry. . N. S. R. R. M. C.
MEEKER. Camp Meeker, Sonoma County.
nCDf.CHFIM Delightfully situated In the
DCKUjllEliU Santa - Cruz - Redwoods. Rates
$7 and $8 per week. For particulars address Q
F. BIEDENWEG, R. D. 121. Santa Cruz, Cal.
Bathing Suits
20 Post Street
\&&%y£^w£u!^f^.^ tm • m ' '----I^^h^^S 9t— ir **~ Xf ' " U I L^ T^ ** I^^ssssssss^^^ r^i^AssS-— ' ' •— m& *P * \S:1 M**iTi V J _.Jr
WHY NOT TRY
Highldr)d
; ir YOU ARE GOING TO THE
Spripgs
\X7Z OFFER YOU THE BEST OK MINERAIi.
" T waters, accommodations. • and service.
Table unsurpassed. Rooms hard finished, light,
ed by electricity. Buildings newly painted.
All the popular *ports and amusements. Liv-
ery, telephone and flee.
Shortest route and cheapest fare to Lake
County. Most centrally situated. Delightful
excursions on Clear Lake and to other resorts.
Make your reservations now.
TERMS— $10 to $17 50 per week. For Book-
let, etc., call ort our agent, H. R. DUFT1N,
633 Market street, or address
CRAIG & KERR,
Highland Springs. Cal.
j - "
I Spend Your Vacation
for $2O at
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Springs San L^, 0!)l8P0 '
The most Ideal resort for pleasure and
health on the Pacific Coast. Buy round '
trip ticket from San Francisco to San
Luis Hot Sulphur Springs. San Luis
Obispo. Cal.. and return. Including stage
to and from springs and one week's
board for f2O.OO to fJ22.OO, according
to location of rooms, or board and accom-
modations 90.00 to flS.OO per week.
Scenic surroundings, - free bathing,
boating and fishing on grounds. Fine
shady walks, tennis and croquet grounds,
dance pavilion for" gueets. Fine- sea
beach one mile from Hot Sulphur Springs.
Cottages and furniture are all new. Gas
throughout buildings and grounds. Our
table is well supplied with the best the
market .affords. Our stage meets trains
arriving at San Lu»s Obispo at 3:15 p. m.
every day (except Sunday).
This is no hospital or sanatorium.
Si Y 3cJ\ tfose I
¦ ¦ Situated In Venaome Park of 12 |
19 acres, a charm Inz summer resort: |
IB both city and country advantages: f
flfl automobile garage on the grounds E
vg *>frefe to guests. Bathing pavilion, t
\a bowling alleys, tennis, etc. New t
B auto road map of the f ,
fl county mailed on ap- j % *tf 9>c %
PARAISO SPRINGS
*. Monterey County, Cal.
The mon popular sanitary and health
.resort ln California. Completely renovated
and Improved. No winds or fogs, and sur-
passingly grand mountain and valley scen-
ery. Hot soda and sulphur baths,, large,
swimming tank and excellent table. "Write
for booklet and particulars to F. W.
SCHROEDER. Manager, or PECK'S IN-
FORMATION BUREAU, 11 Montgomery st.
LA HONDA AND PBSCADERO
Buy your railroad ticket to Redwood City; 9
a. m train 3d and Townsend. and 9:20 a. m.
train' from San Jose connect with stages direct.
Address WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City,
Cal.
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
Beswlck. Slsklyou County, California. -
Write to EPSON BROS, for Booklet-
Saratoga Springs.
15 different mineral springs. Information at
Peck's Bureau, 11 Montgomery st.. or at J.
MARTENS, Bachelor P. P.. Lake Co.. Cal.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing; boats; excellent table; climate per-
fect; 10 miles from Truckee. ln an unbroken
forest. For information inquire at Traveler
office. 30 Montgomery st.. Peck's Information
Bureau, or Mrs. H. M. demons, Truckee. Cal.
SOLID COMFORT HOME
Extensively improved: 1900 feet altitude; «o
fog; climate delightful; large orchard; vegetable
garden; hot. cold baths; spring water; cement
swimming tank, 40x80. Rates $8 week up; stage
meets train. Schuler & Scheben. Nape, Cal.
§j*£^2£M! TEINTS
Brjl-J3S2SS8 Awning's, Haaunooks,
PMTO^\yjNyrH Bag's
nffilllllUWlMT T'l W. A. FLU1OI2S.
Tel. Main M9. Ill Clay st.
. JOHANNISBERG.
New hotel; modern conveniences;. large, airy
dining-room; hunting, fishing, swimming, boat-
ing; $10 and $12 per week. THEO. BLANCK-
ENBUKG JR., Prop-, Oakvllle. Napa Co.. or
INFORMATION BUREAU. 30 Montgomery st.
/Yl OTJNTAIIT VIEW RANCH HOTEL
* "and cottagen, ln the mountains, near Santa
Cruz.- First-class table and accom., gas, baths,
phone dally mail, bowling, croquet, amuse-
ments'; terms, $9 up. Campers to Glenwood, Inc.
carr!»««:e. *.T 75 round trip. FREDERICKSEN
ft BUTTON', suc'n to F. It. DUNN. Santa Crux.
LAUREL GBOVE FABK — Children's
resort during summer vacation; best of home
care: beautiful grounds: climate perfect: fresh
milk and eggs; open June 1; terms $5 .per
week. MRS. O. W. NICHOLS, Dlmond P. O.,
Frultvale. '
BEOWOOD TULA BE3OBT.
Excellent beard, home cooking; tent ground.
if desired, with board, $5. Room and board $8
to Sit). Bf st hunting and fishing. MRS. A. L.
ACKERMAN, La Honda, San Mateo County.' .
WAll SPSIKOS — On Oaernevllle
branch Cal. N. XV. R. R., Sonoma Co.; phone;
pavilion; bus meets morning train: hot sulphur
baths; circulars. MRS. C. »N. MEREDITH.
Prop.. Heald»burg; R. D. 1.
SCHAEI'ER'S OROVE — BOSS TAliET.
- Private boarding; terms reasonable. Team
meets SundAy morning ; trains. Address MKi*.
MATT LINDSAY. Ross Station. -.-¦ ¦¦--.
WILLOW RANCH, dellghtfuUy located in
redwoods S miles from Santa Cruz. Spring
water, fruit," milk, excellent. table; dally mall;
free conveyance; $7 week; phone Suburban 87.
MRS. W. CRANDELL, Santa Cruz, Cal.The silly season of local sports is again at its height.
Two pluguglies, candidates for the coin of the public,
are preparing for a heavyweight, "contest" in which the
only thing at stake is the contents of the box-office.
Gudgeons are fanning interest into enthusiasm, thousands
of dollars will be paid for scats, and then will follow the
customary realization that again the- public has been
fooled.
Peas for Gold.
The London Globe reprints the fol
lowing extract from its files of the
year 1828: "This morning, in Covent
Garden- Market, green peas were ex
posed for sale, for which the price of
3 guineas per quart was asked!"
. Now at that price the^ famous
worthies. Gorging Jack and Guzzling
Jimmy and Little Billee. were' rich
when — ' :•¦••- ' .
. Noir when they got as far ¦» the equator,
?hrv'd ncth!ns left, trot one eirtlt pea. "
ELECTRIC ROAD— E.- tV. I*. City.
The United Railroads has not decided
to change the California 'street road
Into an electric one. for the reason. that
the United Railroads does not own the
California street road. The United Rall
"roads will In time change the steam car
line from the terminus of the Califor
nia street line to the Cliff in an electrid
one, but the time for the change" has
not yet been announced. ¦ j
Townsend's California Glace fruits ta
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market at*
Special Information' supplied daily to
business nooses and public man by th«
Press Clipping; Bureau (Allan's). 230 C*t«
tfomla street. - Telephone Mala'19**. *
Honolulu is engaged in the very worthy task of house
cleaning,^ and with plans, and purposes well defined is
driving but the evil and worthless characters that infest*
the town. Most of the, criminal, loafers are coming our
'way, and against this we must protest. We already
have more than our share and although our breeding
ground for rascals is notoriously large and fertile it is
now more than generously cultivated."
VALUE OF FOOD— Subscriber. City.
"The. Nutritive" Value of Food," by
Professor Atwater, was published by
the Government and was issued from
the Government printing ' Viiflce at
Washington. D. C, about eight years
ago.
FROM "a disgusted member of the Stablemen's
Union" The Call has reteived a note in comment
jpon our notice of the assaults and violence inci
dent , to the dispute between stable owners and their
former employes. He^says:
"These cowardly and brutal assaults are the more ag
gravated when it is considered that they are committed
by organized bands, partly hired thugs, authorized and
organized by the union, in secret session and with full
knowledge and consent of the Labor Council. It is to be
regretted that men and' citizens of a free and, civilized
country lower themselves to such beastly doings.- and
that they are encouraged by the city officials of-; our.
community. It is a shame and a disgrace to San Fran
cisco."
This, if true, puts the matter in a very serious light,
and we publish it to the end that steps may be taken to
determine the facts.- As we predicted last week, the lack
of protection to property owners and their employes has
compelled them to resort to self-protection. These as
saults and' attacks are serious enough if they originate
only, in a spirit of riot and revenge cherished by,individ
unK H they arc deliberately and secretly procured hv'
Giant Locomotive.
Builders of locomotive engines are
steadily exceeding past achievements
and. constructing titans of the rails that
excite the amazement of every behold
er. At Schenectady a colossus has been
turned out for the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad which surpasses anything and
everything (seen before. This giant
weights 320,000 pounds, has six pairs of
driving wheels and a boiler thirty-eight
feet, In length and seven feet in diam
eter. It is estimated that this locomo
tive will be 50 per cent more powerful
than any other ever put together.
VIOLENCE AND THE' LAW.
A POEM— A Subscriber. City. This
correspondent wants to know where a
copy 1 of a poem entitled "What Christ
mas Brought to Jim" can be jobtalned*.
The first line, i's, "He came to the sta
ble at sunset.''
An intrepid but impolitic ex-member of the Reichstag
has" made public suggestion, that it will be of distinct
advantage to -the people of Germany for Emperor
William to remain home long enough to become ac-'
quainted with his subjects. There is evidently one man
in the Kaiser's dominion who believes that residence in
jail under sentence is preferable to that freedom of
movement which is dignified under the name of liberty.
¦ The long continued deadlock in the State convention
of Illinois Republicans is a reasonably safe indication to
our Democratic friends that a nomination on the Re
publican State ticket is practically synonymous with an
election. And this is a Presidential year with Illinois as
a critical battlefield of the ballots.'
Answers to Queries.
THE GOLDEN A3E— S.. City. The
steamer Golden- Age. one of the* old
time steamers that ran between jSait
Francisco and Panama, was wrecked
April 29, 1C ' at a point ~7 miles above
Panama.
A physician, employed by the city under the direction
of the Board of Health, has made vigorous defense
against the -accusation that he neglected a patient even
to 'the' point ' of death. Eliminating the merits of this
particular controversy the inquiry still remains promi
nent in the public mind whether or not our much hoasted,
modern hospital system is being refined into a very
dangerous scheme of too much science and no care for
the sick.
B\ Water Across Country.
A detachment of the Jersey na
val r.-.::itia is going to the St. Louis
fair by inland waters, embarking in a
cutter, and using only b&Hb and oars.
The route wll! be from New York to
Buffalo by way of the Erie canal, from
Buffalo to Toledo by way of Lake Erie,
from Toledo to Cincinnati by way of
the Miami-Erie canal, down the Ohio
Rover from Cincinnati to Cairo, and
from Cairo to St. Louis on the Missis
sippi. The amateur, marines will be
given a caniping place on the grounds,
through the" courtesy of the exposition
management, with wharfage for their
boat. The return trip will be made by
way of New Orleans, and from there
by merchant vessel.
It is becoming apparent to the shrewd observers'and
caretakers of state at Washington that for political and
trade purposes Germany wants a slice of Morocco. Our
German friends must permit us to suggest that Morocco
by her generally annoying conduct has given us the
right to choose and take the first slice of her unlovely
land. We might be induced, however, to sell our
potential interest at a figure that Germany must con
sider reasonable.
The Champion.
Michele Scagllone, whom the boys of
Harlem call "Flipper Mike," is the
champion bootblack of the world. He
won the title a short. time since in
strenuous competition with Billy, the
champion; Michele Luperto, who
wields a skillful brush In Harlem;
Bridge Street Tony, Luigi Riccitelli,
the artist of Madison Sauare. and
Pasquale dl Napoli, who says he is a
Count fallen upon evil days. .; « -'J. •
For h!s reward Flipper Mike got a
gold medal and a variety of curses In
three dialects. Incidentally, there was
$12 at stake. Tony Bastone, president
of the Shoe Polishers' Union, got that.
For the furtherance of art'the union
ordered the contest. It was held at
Billy's place, Ninth avenue and Ffty
first street. The preliminaries were in
teresting. Tony Bastone made an ad
dress which sounded like Rienzi's to
the Romans. He alluded to the art
of Mlchaelangelo, Andrea del Sarto,
Fra Lippo Llppl, Raphael and Ben
venuto Cellini.
Bootblacking was \ forgotten while
Flipper Mike and Pete Savine of Tenth
avenue settled a little difference which
came out of a heated argument as to
the superiority of Mlchaelangelo over
Raphael. A cop appeared In the door
way and growled.
""If yea dagoes don't ring off I'll run
in the boonch."
The critics of brush and paste shut
up until the barbarian had moved on
his way. but b<e would 1 have been a
hot cop if he could have heard the
"brutta bestlas," the "canagllas," the
stupidos" and the "accidentes" that
were. tired after him.
Then the artists got down to busf:
ness. Billy, the champion, had a try.
Then the Count, then Luigl, then Har
lem Mike.
Flipper, Mike came 'last,' and there
showed his headwork. All the polish
ing had been done on one pair of shoes,
and when it came the Flipper's turn
his rivals had put a layer of polish on
the : shoes that made It a cinch for
him. . . -
When he received the medal there was
a pretty row. Peopte came running
for blocks • along Nlntlfcavenue. Billy,
the deposed champion, who once shook
hands with Joe Grim, wanted to fight
it out in the back room. The crowd
tailed the challenge with 'glee, - and a
Wine for a Gusher.
A corrcspo-ndent from Chandler, O.
T., sends the following to the Kansas
City Journal:
Miss Ethyl Houston, a local school
ma'am, established a precedent when
she christened the oil well which is
being drilled near the town here. While
there v/ill doubtless be few young wo
men, with the* temerity which she ex
hibited, in climbing the ladder and
breaking a bottle of champagne across
the -bar at the top of' the derrick, no
new oil company In the Territory can
start out, under auspicious circum
stances unless this is done.
Miss Houston is a quiet, unassuming
little woman and had no idea of chris
tening the well when she, followed by
her classes, went to the well. Some
one* suggested that the well be chris
tened before active operations, were
commenced and Miss Houston, in a
spirit of banter, agreed to perform the
ceremony if seme one would get the
wine. This was easily done and, true
to her word. Miss Houston climbed the
75-foot ladder and broke the bottle.
When the board of directors heard
of the act a meeting was called and
Miss Houston was voted a free pass to
the St. Louis exposition and to have
her other expenses paid during her
stay there, as well as coming from
and going to the fair.
A Cat' With No Delicacy.
The Utica, N. Y., Observer " ¦ com
menting upon feline Intelligence ob
serves that the theater cat is always
obtruding its presence on the . stage.
when it is least wanted, but the feline
which keeps Chase's Theater In that
free of rats has a particularly er
roneous idea of the eternal fitness of
things. It was wlien the stock: company
was playing "Othello" that the. cat
rendered Itself conspicuous, and there T
fore greatly disliked by its friends, the
actors.
Desdemona was dead, and all the
other characters -were dead that could
conveniently die and were stretched on
the stage in various post mortem, atti
tudes, when the theater cat suddenly
made her way daintily upon the stage.
She paused at the first prostrate body
she came to, and apparently said to
herself. "Ha. how is this?" Then she
looked at the body hard and went up
and sniffed delicately at Its face to see
If she could render any assistance. "
The body opened one eye and emit
ted something very like a giggle; so the
cat went on. No first aid to the wound
ed was needed there, at any rate. The
next body was also suspiciously warm
and smiling. . «.t-
It did seem to this theatrical cat as
if grown humans ought to be able to
find something better to do than to He
rigidly on a draughty floor while- a man
held the center of the stage and .talked.
The cat moved on to another body, and
wasju3t about to tiibble the "ear of 'this
one in a spirit of spdrtlve,nes3 — 'for it
was breathing, too — when^ some one
said something In a hoarse .whisper,
and the curtain went down' -amid a
chorus of laughs. -:/--.;¦/
double reefed tops'l plowing out to<
sea.
"Says I to my mate, 'This looks
bad.' So we camps under the lea of
some bowlders and waits. Next morn
ing the gale had blov/ed itself out.
We waits for a sign of the brig, but
nary a sign. Another day and out on
the horizon she looms up, but instead
of heading in shore she squares away.
A dead calm comes on. Says I, 'That's
our last chance.' We gets one of those
turtles, which is eight feet from stem
to stern and beam accordln". Over
board we flops the critter and with
good hold on its back the pair of us_
marooned ones heads ; the big fellow to
sea. In an hoirr's*4ime that turtle had
landed us at the ship's side. All we
got out of It was a cussln' for losing
the small boat. The "old man' had
forgotten he sent us ashore, and when
that gale came up he was off.
"Well, I'm here, ain't I?" he wound
up his tale, as some of the hearers'
faces beamed incredulously.
President stopped -. to .'see any of the
' eights erf the Eternal City, |the popula
tion came 'very nfar them, so that on
'occasions not ¦ only . what the royal
. party Nyas •saying was overheard, but
'vice, versa. '•• ':
•'•• -The .other day "at the' Roman Forum,
\Vhere the King and President went to
.see the.' excavations; .the royal party
. was . . disturbed by . an Italian and
Frenchman arguing with such anima
tion-that tht-y evidently fc-rgot in
whose; presence they were. ..Broken " sen
•tenees "Were -overheard such-as, "I tell
you the. KiEg'is," "No, what non
sense'.The.President' is' quite three
•inches .taller." "No, no.. watch and you
•- wi}4 see that it is ."his tall hat which
makes the differcnce"!-""Why the King
is •••pigmy arid—," .but at this point
some one. coughed, and the men were
'forcibly reminded, where -.they were.
•The King, however; feeling for the' em
barrassment, c-f those present, as the
¦words. were' loud' and came in'a silence
when .the' excavations ¦we're proeeed
'•lng t ' •eaid with a smile- to*. M. Loubet.
, "'I think your countryman is right and
.that you -have a little the best- of it!"
M. Loubef snrfiled and said, "It is sur
prising, wfcat an importance isattach
" *<l'.to inches in this world!" "Vf
. ' When 'about to start f<jr Naples the
* Pfeeideni' .asked permission to take
•leave of his "two little ¦friends," the
youth'ftrr Italian Princesses, who had
.been suppressed by the Queen, who
" .thought that Princess Ydlanda had
been, somewhat forward.' "The. two
little Princesses rushed into M. Lou
. bet's sitting-room In high glee. Mafal
•da folding out her arm; and her mouth
to be kissed, and -Yolanda taking, hold
cfhis haAd/ Tho President, after talk
ing a minute, took a package out of
his Docket and gave It to the latter.
*• fsh» thanked- him prettily enough and
then *Eaid," with a sigh. "-I am cure- it
is ch'oeolates, and* mamma will eat
them; she will say they ajre bad for
little girls!" M. Loubet. 1 ptMing his
amusement, suggested that if that was
the case- perhaps it would be Just as
weir to taste them at once, whereupon
she tore .open the paper "to fjnd. not
chocolates, but tiny eweets made in
all kinds of fantastic chapes. "Good!"
«he cried, "jnamma won't like these,
bo they are sure to be good". for Babies!"
The chocolates mentioned by the little
Yolanda, however, pare the President
an idea, and he ordered sent to - the
Queen an immense bas.ket of them and
In the center a sjjiail box, also' of
chocolates,, on •which was written,
"Good for babies."
. Denver Youth's Feat.
/special Correspondence of The Call.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL,
I HENRIETTA STREET. CO VENT
GARDEN. LONDON, May 20.— A
Denver youth has performed a swim
ming feat in London that Is described
as sensational by those- who witnessed
it and came withlrt a few Inches, of
beating all previous records.. The
youth, whose name is F. H. Smultzer,
Is 16 years of age. He has been en-
Joying a holiday in England In com
pany with his father ana on April 29
he. Balked unpretentiously into the
public bath house in Endell street and
asked (the superintendent lf>he would
be allowed facilities to attack a
world's record made by the celebrated
tumn to try for the under water swipn
ming'' record.
OVERBOARO WE FXOPS THE" BIO
CKITTER ANI> HEADS rHIM. TO
SEA. •;¦•;¦' - \ ¦-•*
PRESIDENT IyOTTBET OK FRANCE AND KING VICTOR EMMANUEL OF ITALY
CAVGHT BY THIS jCAMERA DURING THEIR INSPECTION OF THE ROMAN
' FORUM— AS reCIUEST OF LOUBErS VISIT. r - \, ¦¦. '¦
WITH the recent terrific battle and the eviction of
the Russians from their heavily fortified posi
tions on Nanshan Hill at Kinchou, and with the
sub'sequent movement on the part of the first Japanese
ann3' under Kuroki to shut "off possible, reinforcements
for Port Arthur, from Kuropatkin's base at Harbin, it
appears that the investment of "the Gibraltar of the
East" is soon to be a matter of actuality. The Japanese
army is already within striking, distance of the fortifica
tions, siege guns and additional troops are supplementing
their forces daily, they have an open and direct commu
nication both with Kuroki's army on the Yalu and with
home ports through>thc medium of their fleet on the sea.
It is conceded even by, critics inimical to the interests. of
Japan that Port Arthur will probably fall within three
month's.
* Already the question is forming in the minds of the
diplomats and the war ministers of the powers: What
will be the effect of the fall of Port Arthur upon Russia,
upon the future operations of that power in the field?
Recent press dispatches from St. Petersburg declare that
the impression prevails there, even among the highest
in the Czar's government, that the fall of Port Arthur
means the ending of the war. French military experts
add the weight of their testimony, to this conclusion.
If Port Arthur falls Japan controls the key to the whole
of Manchuria;-it will not be to her purpose to enter upon
a-.wild chase after the retreating Russians along the
northern line of the railroad.
The Czar's government will probably never admit to
itself that the capture of Port Arthur means the end of
the. war; even if much territory is lost thereby, St. Peters
burg cannot let Russian prestige slip away in defeat
without a desperate effort to recoup. Furthermore,
there are at stake all previous treaties with China where
by Russia has enriched herself enormously^and builded
high promise for the future. Already it is being bruited
about that Japan is contemplating restoring Manchuria
to its rightful owner if she wins it by force of her supe
rior arms. This means that railroad rights, mining rights,
timber rights, all that has been wrung from China by
the long continued application of the screws of a devious
diplomacy, must go.
The query remains: What can Russia do if Port..Ar
thur falls? Already Korea is cleared of the Muscovite.
Count Ito was there, at last reports, seeing to it that
Japan's "friendly influence" was paramount in the realm.
The first army of Japan is successfully clearing the lower
Yalu country of Russian forces; the second army will be
supreme in the Liaotung Peninsula if it encompasses the
fall of Port Arthur. With that accomplished the Japan
ese need feel no necessity of following the Russians
up into the north country and pushing the offense. It
will remain for the Russians themselves to assume the
offensive and bring their desperate rally to bear upon the
brpwn men when and where the latter please. This is an
outlook gray enough for that greatly feared Adam Zad
of half a year* ago, the terrible unknown of the northland.
IF PORT ARTHUR FALLS.
Kuropatkin to. Nicholas.
PORT ARTHUR. .May ' 24.-7Please
find inclosed a rumor to the effect that
we made a strong sortie and killed 75,
000 Japanese. This rumor will not be
confirmed. I just made it up myself.
But I thought it besf to send you some
cheering news even if I had to manu-r
facture it. 'Now don't say all my re
ports are discouraging. Last night I
got busy and brought fn eleven train
loads of provisions, and would have
had the twelfth one ip. only I woks up.
If you know any nevy games, Nick,
please send* them to us. . I wish there
were some way of sending a ping-ponjj
set by wireless. But the name, of the
game sounds so much like the Chinese
towns about here that the Japs would
be sure to. seize the game and occupy
it if any other method of transporta
tion were resorted to. ..C- 7
Yesterday I was out looking over
my horse. I am considerably puzzled
as to what to do with him. I had my
veterinary show me just where to cut
into him (the horse, not the veterinary)
to find the • porterhouse steak. My
quandary Is as to whether I had better
eat him before he gets so poor from
eating rice straw and the labels from
soup cans that he isn't fit to eat, or to
hold him and take chances on getting
away some time. I would rather chew
him than some other brands of plug I
know. That's the best Joke I've sprung
since the Japanese shut me up. And
another thing, Nick: Next time you
start a war start it with some nation
we can whip. This under-dog stunt is
worse than that of heavy villain in a
cheap play. It makes me sick.
Trusting" you are the same. I am
yours crampedly, - v *«\, • K.
. . ,> ; .V-. —Baltimore American.
Democratic Rulers.
Pr p £".»r Porrespond^nev of The Call
ROME. May 15.— While the King of
Italy was showing Prer Sdcnt Loubet
over • Rome recently 'the two heads
of nations made It a point to be ex
tremely democratic: but theresult was
not'. Invariably all that could, have been
desired. For instance, while driving
fa the Corso, or- when the King and
The worthy gentlemen who are employed by the
municipality to teach the young idea how to shoot have
met in serious and reflective discussion and have decided
that in our night schools, where working boys and girls'
are taught while fighting the battle for existence, all
ornamental courses of instruction shall be eliminated.
A very excellent decision, but will some one suggest
what will be left of the course of study?
rush was made to rigr up a ring.
Then the shadow of Ireland loomed
again In the doorway, and there was
nothing doing. Flipper. Mike -fled with
his medal, -while Billy hurled chal-.
lenges after him all the way to Fifty-:
eighth street.' Tony and the $12 left
early.— New York Su.n.
Another True Story.
"Did you ever hear of the Galapa
gos Islands, . down In the South Pa
cific?" queried a weather beaten old
"beach comber" as he squinted from
under a pair of bushy eyebrows at the
half dozen loungers gathered on the
sunny side of the dock. Not waiting
for reply, the veteran continued:
"Me and a shipmate was stranded
there once and If it hadn't 'a* been for
one of them monster turtles that in
habits those rock piles I wouldn't 'a*
been here to-day to tell about It. It
was this way. ,
"We was in a little trading brigf and
had run short of water. The 'old man*
got bearihgs on the Galapagos and he
runs in there. Me and my mate was
sent ashore in a small boat with casks
to get fresh water, knowin' there was
plenty on the islands. Fact is, out
side of turtles and. rocks there isn't
anything else there.
"We made fast the boat after .hit
ting the beach and unloaded our
casks. But before we got back to the
beach from the fresh water pools it
corries on to blow a gale. The small
boat went adrift and before our eyes
we see the brig under heads'l and a
Professor - Finney. That record • con
sisted of swimming 113 yards one inch
under water.
The management of the baths Con
sidered it presumptuous on the part of
such a youngster to aspire to any
thing approaching Finney's record,
but seeing he was a stranger they
agreed to allow him to test his abil
ities. He desired that the water should
be regulated at a temperature of 75
degrees. Plunging in ho did 112 yards
5 Inches to the amazement of the at
tendant and other? who came from
other parts of the building to see him.
He beat Finney's record for time at
this distance. It is also worthy of no
tice that while Smultzer had the water
at a temperature of 75 degrees
Finney's,, record was made at 80
degrees, whieh is considered among
.swimmers as a great advantage
to the latter. It is also point
ed out that If the Denver lad had es
sayed the task from the deep instead
of the shallow end of the bath he
would have beaten the world's rec
ord. The fact that this feat has re
ceived no publicity this side ' is ex
plained by the circumstances that the
•effort was bo informal and that the
newspapers are by no means friendly
to American athletes. Toung Smult
zer is coming over again in the au-
HIDDEN among the war news from St. Petersburg
is a little news. item that is suggestive. It says
that "Great Britain has collected indemnity: from
Russia for the benefit of British sealers whose ships were*
confiscated or interfered with by Russia while sealing in
the Russian half of Bering Sea. Hardly any who read
it connect it with the great international controversy
the settlement of which furnished the cause of action
which has enabled Great Britain to make this reclamation.
Just now when our fleet has been ordered to Morocco
tp protect 'the captured Greek-American Perdicaris, the
whole subject is invested with interest. When Mr.
Blaine was Secretary of State, in President Harrison's
administration, his attention was called to the seal herd
of Bering Sea. Its landing ground was on the_Pribi!of
Islands, where we had leased the' privilege of taking
seals. The lessees complained that their profits were
abridged by pelagic sealing in the open water. Mr.
Blaine conceived the idea that when we bought Alaska of
Russia we also bought that part of Bering Sea inclosed
by a line from the extremity of the Aleutian archipelago
to the continent, and by the Aleutian Islands and the
continental shore, and that all that water was under our
exclusive jurisdiction, a rqare clausum.
Upon exchange of diplomatic notes with "Russia that
Government joined in this Claim, and Washington and
St. Petersburg agreed that we owned that part of Bering
Sea, and that Russia owned the rest, and that thus the
whole water became a closed sea. subject only to the
municipal law and jurisdiction of the two governments.
In pursuance of this claim, the United States for sev
eral years seized or interfered with all sealing craft in
our half of the sea, and Russia did the same in her half.
Both nations in pursuance of this policy seized, libeled
and sold, or interfered with a large number of American
and British sealing vessels. Great Britain demurred to
this claun of a marc clausum. and claimed that beyond
the three-mile limit Bering Sea was open water, the
same as the rest of the'Pacific Ocean. After many dip
lomatic exchanges Great Britain and- the United States
agreed to arbitrate the matter by an international com
mission to sit in Paris.
The arbitrators heard the able presentation of the case
and decided against the American and Russian claim. of
a closed sea*. This decision was against the claim that
Russia and the United States had municipal jurisdiction
beyond the three-niile limit, and made all spoliations of
sealers on the open water unlawful, to be compensated
by indemnity! Thereupon a judicial arbitration was ar
ranged between the United States and Great .Britain to
determine the indemnity we owed to the British sealers.
The claims amounted to a million and a half of dollars,
and were arbitrated and paid to Great Britain by the
United States.
Then the United States demanded of her partner in
the alleged mare , clausum, Russia, indemnity for the
American sealers who had been despoiled in the Russian
half of Bering Sea. This claim was arbitrated at the
Hague by Dr. Asser, who gave large indemnity to the
Americans; which was promptly paid by Russia. Now
the British claim of like nature against Russia has been
paid, and as an international issue the incident is closed.
Just here appears the matter of final interest. The
United States seized a large number of vessels belonging
to American sealers. The Paris arbitration decided that
such seizure was unlawful. The Americans despoiled by
their own Government numbered three or four times
more than the British and Americans despoiled by Rus
sia and the British despoiled by the United States.
Their losses were so great that the most of them were
ruined outright and have since been in poverty. The
majority of them are San Franciscars. .But up to this
time they have not been paid one penny for the unlawful
seizure of their property by their own Government. It
has enforced their rights against Russia, and it 'has paid
the British dealers seized under the same circumstances,
and Russia has paid for seizing the British ships, but
these Americans, whose "rights l..cir Government en
forces againsf another nation, have asked it in vain for
the same justice from itself that it compels others r to
render.
The. case is very interesting and may well become the
subject of study for those who desire to learn the conr
stitution and functions of our Government. When i%
protects our citizens abroad only one branc.li, the executive,
acts, and acts efficiently always. But when our Govern
ment owes such indemnity to its own citizens injured by,
its own* unlawful act, the executive becomes powerless.
The President can secure justice, for American citizens
abroad, but not at home. Here-they must appeal to the
other two co-ordinate branches, the legislative^ and the
judicial, where too often, as in this case, their cry for
justice falls upon deaf cars.
In the relief of the American-for-convcniencc, Perdi
caris, we may spend twice as much as would compensate
these genuine Americans for their losses, and they, to
the extent of their tax-paying power, will have to con
tribute lo the relief of the Greek in Morocco, but they"
are powerless to get, the justice that is due from their
own Government. ¦ ' ¦.
PROTECTING AMERICANS.
any organization, they take on a far more serious and
It must be admitted: that the charge that they are so
planned, procured and incited gets support from the
fact that the criminals who commit them, though caught
red-handed, are furnished-bail and defense by the organ
ization concerned. It is. this appearance of an organiza
tion widely affiliated, and politically powerful that par
alyzes the arm of justice in too many cases, whe» punish
ment should be prompt, heavy and exemplary.
No right-minded citizen can condone such crimes, or
consider them other than interference with lawful rights
of person and property, that should* be promptly pun
ished to deter others from like transgression. At no
period in its history could, this city -afford the backset
that comes with a reputation for indifferent or partial
enforcement of the law, and it can afford it now less
than ever.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDA^ JUNE 2, 1904.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO GALL
JOHN D. SPFECKELS, Proprietor . ? > « ? . . . . . Address Alt Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
PubUcatloa Office .*. '......Third and Market Streets, S. F.
THURSDAY ..) ..................:..,..........¦¦..,... ~ ... JUNE 2. iqoT
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8The statement of business of the
Recorder's office for the month of
May, 1904, shows there were 3441 doc
uments filed during the ' month, as
against 3054 filed in May, 1903, of
which the most . important were: Ac
ceptances of buildings, 86; agree
ments, 35; assignments of mortgages,
22; bills of pale, 102; building con
tracts, 206; deeds, 1082; deeds of
trust, 138; leases and assignments of
leases, 42; mechanics' Hens, 44; mar
riage licenses, 334; mortgages (per
sonal), 201; mortgages (real), 408;
releases of mortgages (personal), 84;
releases of mortgages (real), 260;' re
conveyances, 82; miscellaneous, 325.
The cash receipts In May, 1903, were
$4644 35. and in May, 1904, $6428 05,
a gain of $784 70.
. - ¦ m * ¦
There is no promise of pardon for
confessing the sins of others. ,
Business of Recorder's Office.
The Election Commission has se
cured a ( voting machine for use in
educating citizens how to vote auto
matically. The machine will.be on
exhibition at the Registrar's office.
Forty of the machines will be pur
chased for the next election.
Voting Machine on Exhibition.
J. E. Miller, a watchman at the Ne
vada Stables on Market street, who
had three striking stablemen arrested
for disturbing the peace, appeared) at
the Hall of Justice yesterday morning
with the butt end of a big revolver
sticking out of his hip pocket. Police
man Edwards promptly placed hin
under arrest on a charge of carrying
a concealed weapon and he was later
released on $100 bonds.
Watchman Well Armed.
Ladiex are cordially invited to visit the
new gas range and heating department
of San Francisco Gas and Electric Co.,
415 Post st., now open for inspection. * /
"As a roan thlnketh, so la he." As a man
drlnketh so Is he. Drink Gilt Edge whiskey
and you'll be good. Wichman, Lutgen & Co..
San Francisco. '
Anthony Ziska, who was convicted
on a charge of burglary and pleaded
guilty to another charge; appeared for
sentence yesterday, before Judge Law
lor. There was a prior conviction
against him and the Judge sentenced
him to serve ten years in San Quentin
on each charge, the sentences to run
concurrently. He entered the resi
dence of Peter Lewin on Ivy avenue
near Octavia street on November 23,
and while out on bonds entered the
store of J. J.Sullivan, 33 Fifth street,
on April 9. ,
Sentenced for Burglary.
Suit was filed yesterday in the Jus
tices' Court by Catherine McGee
against John and Catherine Nagle to
recover $299 damages. The complaint
alleges that the defendants unlawfully
entered the plaintiff's premises at 1176
Harrison street and threw the house
hold furniture valued at $500 into the
yard, where it was damaged by the
rain. "•
G. Campl has sued V. Raffo to re
cover $299 damages for an alleged as
sault committed by the latter on the
plaintiff.
Two Damage Suits Filed.
The -Eardena. drives, sports and general at
tractions of Del Monte have made It one of the
show places of the world. First-class tickets
between San Francisco and Los Angeles, either
way. with two days* entertainment at this fa
mous hotel, only $22; children's rate. $14 50.
Privilege of thirty days' stop-over. Ask
Southern Pacific agents. •
To Visit Del Monte.
KtaW Board Reports ' on ' Financial
stains of These- Institutions and
;/ : /Twenty Vrixatc Concerns.
The Board of Bank Commissioners
through Secretary J. Cal E.wirig re
ports that, the thirty-twp commercial i
banks of this- cily are enjoying much
prosperity. . Since January 23 there
has-been a gain of $742,668' 98 In as
sets/. The statement, of resources and
liabilities based on. the- returns of May
9 is as fellofts: •
Resources' — Bask premises,; $£,613,609 63
oth«r KSU-:<St*tC $2.o74.<O4 S9: Inverted In
works, .lioafi* and warrants, $12.003. 'SO 47;
loans on renl estat*. .$4.ei."i.4S4 51»; loan* on
slocks, bonds and warrants, SZi.'ZlT,,(f*i 1«S
loa.rm.on ether ¦**curiti«s. $t».lKS.«59 s2;' loans
on per**>rja «»-curlty. i£5.f<Sft.014-!*S: money on
h«r.<1. . ?ll.r>72.137- 37; due rrom banks and
barkers. $24. 031. 52b 34; otjjf-r ayset* $1 4U4
£71:18; total resource*. $m.218,761 23. • '
- I-ifctUitic*.— Capital paid up. $17.3X2,340 22;
rewnc fund »nd proSt'and loss, $21.^15.349 07;
«Jue • *>pof.:u>rs, $Ci.«^>4.S83 "70; due to banks'
•nd b«.n«:*re. $11,061,25! 97; tot«rl liabilities .
*118.21S.761 23: • • .
The financial status. of th"e twenty"
private banks of California is reported
to be as follows: •
' ¦Retources-'-Bir.k PTmtws. $7O,32S 29- oth»r
jral; ejtste, $148,702 14; . Invested la stocks,
'bonds and warrants. $2&9.-373 87} Joajir on real
? »¦?•'. *'J'!.212 17: loans on Fiorkr. bonds and
. warrants. $63,717 57: loans on other securities.
fifTT.Tm K7\ loon* on'p*T»onal ••eurtty, $1,441 - ,
776 76; money en hand. $2*10, «<7O 7«: due from
bankers. J:s."..lK. s*4 : other assets:
$1>»..O25 OS: total resources. $3.72.4.817 02.
. .Liabilities— Car-itil paid up. $777.£O2 SO; re
f*n-» fund and . profit and loss. $37U,4A4 «;": ,
tfst depositor*. $2.462.M0 42; due to banks and
t«nkert. (29.030 0: State, county or city
money. $J9.6SC3f»; other liabilities. $64,521 05;
total !!s.b!lltl<-», $-1.724.!il7 02.
COMMERCIAL BANKS ARE
UNUSUALLY PROSPEROUS
; ' Cashier* Donahue of the Board of
"Works filed his financial report for
May yesterday, showing: that the re
ceipts of the office were $15,232 90,
subdivided as follows:
Street space permits. $4750; street space
(asphalt kettle) permits. $120; sidewalk per
mlta $470; sub-sidewalk permits. $C0; house
building permit* (fees). $2028; house-moving
permits. $700; side sewer deposit* (130 sewers).
(4(3)5; : balances due city and county on ten
side sewers underestimated. $44 <J0; advertising
charm 5 $115 80; fees from Bureau of Engi
neering. $1045 50; from contractors,
The disbursements aggregated
$9482 62. ,
of Works From Various Kinds
of Permits. '^ ,
Shows Large Receipts In Department
CASHIER FILES MAY
FINANCIAL- REPORT
Two deeds were placed on record
yesterday whereby Mrs. Theresa Oel
rlchs and Mrs. Virginia Vanderbllt con
vey to each other certain property 4 be
queathed to them by the . late Senator
Fair. The deeds are part of the ar
rangement entered Into last April by
the two sisters for the division of their
respective interests in the estate, which
became enhanced in value owing to the
death of their brother, Charles L. Fair^
Under the agreement the Lick House
became the separate property of Mrs.
Oelri(*hs.
The property deeded to Mrs. Vander
bilt includes an undivided half in sev
enteen pieces, as follows: -
Southwesterly corner of Pine and Saniome
streets, 247:6x137 :« feet.
Lot on' Mission street, between Eleventh and
Twelfth, being half of Mission block No. 12.
Northwesterly corner of A street and Twen
ty-seventh avenue, 1WJx120 feet.
Lot on Post street, near Kearny. 00x122 feet.
Lot on east Hoe of 'Montgomery street, near
Pine. 43x«7:<; feet.
Lot ua Stevlnson street, near Fourth, 1.13 x
70 feet.
Southwest corner of Golden Gate avenue
and Jones street, 137:0x137:0 feet.
Flfty-vara lot on Turk street, near Taylor.
Lot on Octavia street, near Sutter, 137 :6x
CS:4 feet.
Southeast corner of Cattery and Pacific
streets.
Northwest corner of Pacific and Front
streets.
Southeast corner of Davis and Washington
streets.
Northwest corner of Washington and Drurnm
streets. .
Northwest corner of Commercial and Davis
streets. '
Northeast corner of Montgomery avenue and
Jackson street. ' '
Northeast corner of Jones and North Point
streets.
Northwe«t corner of Pine and Jones streets.
The property deeded to Mrs. Oelrichs
includes an undivided half share In fif
teen pieces, as follows:
Northeast corner of" A street and Twenty
seventh avenue, ]2f>x?3 feet. \
Southwesterly corner of Sutter and Mont
gomery, streets. ?<X)xltiO feet.
Southwesterly corner of Sutter street and
Lick place. " ,. . .— .
Undivided half at lot on Post street, near
Montzomery,^ "Sx.i^leet.
Let on north line of Golden Gate avenue,
near Taylor street, 55x137:6 feet.
- Northeasterly corner of Taylor and Ellis
streets.
Lot on Sutter street, near Powell, 13Gxl37:6
feet. - /
Southeast corner of Fulton and Franklin
streets.
Southeast corner of Oregon and Front
streets. 00x00 feet.
Northwest corner of Pacific and Davis
streets. 137:CxlS3 feet.
Southwest corner of Davis and Vallejo
streets, belne a 50-vara lot.
¦ Southeast corner of Davis and Jackson
streets, ICOxSO feet.
Lot on Sacramento street, .near Front, lOOx
110 feet.
Lot on westerly line of Davis street, near
Sacramento, 43x55 feet.
Southeast corner of Pine and .Taylor streets,
a 50-vara !ot.
The Postmaster General at Wash
ington, D. C, has issued a, fraud or
der against the Sunset Mining Com
pany, Its officers and George W; Rum
ble. All mail directed . to them will
be held up at the various postofHces
throughput the country, and the busi
ness of paying 2 per cent per month
dividends out of 'the- stockholders'
pockets will come to a speed y end. "
United States District Attorney
Woodworth yesterday entered a nolle
proBequi in the case of the " United
States against--" Robert MJhter; alias
Robert John, indicted for having used
the . postofflce. • In . furtherance of .a
'"scheme to defraud the public." Min
ter was until recently a patient in an
Insane asylum and was confined in. the
County. Jail -since March. 15 o£ this
year awaiting trial. Under the . cir
circumetances .the/ prosecution did
not believe that a conviction 'would be
possible. : Minter advertised that for
a fee of $1 in coih and twenty-five per
cent: in- posta.g£ stamps he would fur
nish to' . each person employment at
heme at -a salary of ten dollars -per
week. Minter's relations have prom
ised to take him out of this State. :
.'United States Commissioner Hea
cock yesterday . dismissed the : charge
against Robert Harmon, accused pt
attempting to pass a spielmark upon
a ?pu.thern Pacific ticket agent as a
twenty dollar, piece, there being *jo
evidence to sho\V that "Harmon knew
that- the coin" was not United States
legal tender. . • • "
After hearing: arguments that con
rumed moch of the day yesterday oh
a motion for a new. trial in. the case
of the United- States versus George W.
Rumble, convicted- of using the mails
In furtherance of a scheme to defraud
the public, by means* of a wildcat
mining proposition. United States Dis
trict Judge de Haven yesterday denied
the. motion. Rumble was then sen
tenced to be imprisoned in the peni
tentiary at San Quentin for. .eighteen
months and to pay a fine of $500. A
Ftay of two days' execution was or
dered and thirty day* were allowed his
attorneys to prepare and. present their
I>apers on appeal. . Rumble's bond
pending the appealwas fixed at $10,
000.
Hobert Harmon Pleads That
He Was Not Aware He
Had a Spiel mark on Him
Under Agreement Mrs. Oel
richs Became the Possessor
of the Lick House Site
At Ach's request the Judge was
sworn by Clerk Martin and Interrogat
ed by Ach as to jurors who had 1 been
on the regular list prior to January of
this year and were on the panel. The
Judge in each case made an explana
tion. Several of those referred to, he
said, had been summoned by the Sher
iff by order of the court from the body
of the county to supplement the regu
lar list in accordance witn the code. ,
After arguments by Ach and Dunne
for the challenge and Campbell against
it the Judge said he had some business
to look after during the afternoon and
he would continue the further argu
ment till this morning at 9:30 o'clock.
The names of the ninety talesmen
were called and they were ordered to
appear in court at 10 o'clock this morn
ing. One of them, Joseph Baumgax
ten, was excused.
Attorney J. C. Campbell, who with
District Attorney Byingtcn and As
sistant District Attorney Ferral, is rep
resenting the people, denied the chal
lenge.
The prediction that the attorneys for
Jacob Eppinger, senior member of the
defunct grain firm of Eppinger & Co.,
charged with obtaining money by false'
pretenses, would raise obstacles to de
lay the trial has been verified. They
have now challenged the panel and the
arguments were not concluded . when
court adjourned yesterday. When the
case was called before Judge Lawlor
both sides answered ready. The Judge
thereupon instructed the defendant as
to his right to peremptory challenges.
Attorney Henry Ach announced that
Attorney Samuel M. Shortrldge had
been associated with himself and Peter
F. Dunne to look after the Interests of
the defendant.
The roll at talesmen was about to
be called when Ach rose and challenged
the panel. He read sections of the
penal and civil codes regarding the
manner of drawing the trial jurors In
January of each year to serve fur that
year and pointed to the fact that sev
eral of those on the panel had been on
the list Blnce July, November and De
cember of last year and one since April
of this year.
Ninety Talesmen Summoned
Are Instructed to Be in
Attendance This -Morning
HELPS . MIXTI^R
LUNACY
Eighteen Months and a Fine
¦of $500 Is Imposed on
a Fake Mining Operator
Rose Decker's fickleness was at the
bottom of "Kid" Hash's trouble. After
contorting with and supporting the
"Kid" for many months, Rose trans
ferred her affection and ' pecuniary
protection to. some other ambitious
male habitue of the tenderloin district,
and it was for bitterly chiding her un
faithfulness, and incidentally threat
tnlng to blow out her brains and cut
Judge Cabaniss dismissed the charge
of renting premises for Immoral pur
poses, which had been hanging over
the head of .P. Marsicano for many
moons. He was alleged to be the own
•er of .the notorious 1129 Dupont street,
but the best "the prosecution could do
was to "prove that the house had been
leased to him and that he had paid the
taxes on It. The Judge assumed that
the place -.vas Marsiqano's property
when the taxes weWpaid, last March,
but as the offense charged was com
.mltted in May, and there was nothing
to show that he had not disposed of it
during the interim, the motion to dis
miss was granted.
"For I'm no vag," said Kittie, "but
a professional - actress, I sing and
dance in the North End Varieties, and
the police ought to know that."
"Whom do you suspect of 'Jobbing*
you?" his Honfr inquired.
"My husband, Johnnie Fowler," was
the answer. "You see he's sixty-throe
years of age and I'm getting a divorce.
"I'll bet anything he's at the bottom
of this Job." • .-'
Miss Lewis was dismissed.
Kittie Lewis, petite and blonde,
leaned her elbows uj>on the bench In
Judge Fritz's, court and in a confiden
tial whisper said that her arrest for
vagrancy was a "put-up job."
"King" of the Newsboys," will prob
ably experience no trouble next Sat
urday in convincing Judge Fritz that
his arrest for pursuing his calling at
the ferry depot was simply a blunder
on the part of Policeman P. ' K..
O'Ke.efe, who is new ~t>n that beat.
Leon holds the exclusive privilege,
awarded him by the Harbor Commis
sioners, to do the very thing which
the officer arrested him for doing —
celling papers in the gangway leading
to the Oakland boats. He is charged
with peace disturbance, and he claims
that it was the policeman, and not he,
who started the disturbance.
Leon de Bernard!, locally famed as
Nineteen-year-old Sidney Hester
was found guilty of disturbing the
peace of a lady who was awaiting her
husband in Golden Gate Park and
Judge Mogan will sentence him next
Saturday. His Honor took occasion to
roundly censure the defendant, whose
defiant and impudent demeanor in
court did "not serve to help his case.
The complainant, who is a cripple,
testified that she was seated on the
grass when the defendant insisted up
on talking to her, and went so far
as to grasp her shoulder and restrain
her when she attempted to leave him.
Her testimony was corroborated by a
disinterested witness, a young man
from the country, who went to her aid
when she called for assistance. The
defendant's gray-haired father and
'mother were in court and the old man
wept when his son was pronounced
guilt}-.
"If. it were not for the sake of your
respected parents, with whom I deep
ly sympathize," said the Judge to tha,
defendant, "I would send you to the
County Jail without alternative of fine.
Women and girls who visit the pub
lic parks must be protected from such
individuals as you — fellows who con
sider themselves 'mashers' and thrust
their attentions where they are neither
invited nor encouraged — and if it were
not for the punishment that it would
Convey to your father and mother I
would- make an example of you."
The young fellow seemed less affect
ed by the Judge's words than were his
parents.
Judge Fritz held Dr. Thomas F. Bren
nan to' answer in the Superior Court
th* charge of embezzling $38,000 cash
from the Rev. Father P. F. Gray,
former rector of St. Patrick's Church,
while serving as his physician. The
defendant's attorney, W. H. Cannon,
immediately applied to Superior Judge
Cook for a writ of habeas corpus for
his client's release, and the writ was
Issued and made returnable on Friday
morning. Dr. Brennan was then re
leased on $5000 ball.
For assaulting Lincoln J. McGowan, a
non-union stableman, Joseph ("Kid")
Egan was sentenced to sixty days' im
prisonment, without alternative of iflne.
by Police Judge Cabaniss. A motion
for a new trial was denied, but an ap
peal to the quperlor Court was taken
and the defendant released on $500
bonds. |
"The evidence which led me to con
clude this defendant guilty," said the
Judge, "showed an offense which was
at once cowardly and brutal in the
extreme — cowardly, because it was
shown here that the complaining wit
ness while upon a public street, mov
ing along quietly In the exercise of his
constitutional right to do so, was set
upon by two men, one of whom was
this defendant, who struck him from
behind, felling him to the ground, and
that after having fallen to the side
walk he was kicked by the defendant.
That presents a grave case, and being
a grave case deserves severe punish*
ment. The defendant deserves to be
punished by reason of his wrongful
conduct, and it is to be hoped that the
punishment which I impose in this case
will have a tendency to deter others
from committing like offenses; It must
be distinctly understood that wherever
it is established by the evidence that a
man who is himself blameless in the
eye of the law, and particularly where
the assault in addition to being merely
an assault upon another man's person
Is In the nature of an asault upon the
constitutional rights of every citizen,
those offenses when proved by the evi
dence must be punished, and will be
adequately punished by me."
Egan Is now under bonds of $3000 to
answer for another battery case, which
was heard in Judge Mogan's court.
Both cases were prosecuted by the Citi
zens' Alliance and defended by the Sta
blemen's Union.
Mr. Beattie was acting as "sidewalk
spieler" for an East-street Jewelry es
tablishment when he was arrested for
compelling one M. Sparovich to pur
chase for $12 50 a watch and chain
which were not worth the money, in
court yesterday Mr. Sparovich dealt
ruthlessly with' the English language
as he told how he was grabbed by the
defendant, rushed into the store, dec
orated with the watch and chain, de
prived of $12 50 and rushed out again
ere he could expostulate.
It is likely that the charge of grand
larceny registered ag-ainst Thomas
Beattie, erstwhile champion uncolored
cakewalker of the Pacific slope, will
be reduced to petty larceny, as Judge
Mogan yesterday intimated a doubt of
his ability to convict on the graver
charge. After dropping that hint his
Honor continued the case till next
Saturday.
• • ?
It was for assaulting Luigi Chicci.
who endeavored to rescue his newly
arrived compatriot, that Mr. Blume
was arrested and charged with bat
tery, and it was Judge Mogan who
took the case under advisement after
he had heard the story hereinbefore
summarized.
Luigi Ciceroni's Journey from Na
ples to Los Angeles, via San Francis
co, was rather uneventful until he ar
rived at the foot of Market street and
there he dropped into an experience
that will make interesting and in
structive reading for the friends he
expects to follow him from Italy. He
had been told to'inquire for one Jack
Holliday when he reached this stage
of his trip, but instead of meeting
Jack Holliday he fell Into the hands
of A. E. Blume, driver of an express
wagon, who forcibly took possession
of him. and his baggage and drove
them to various hotels before he de
posited them at an Italian fiostelry
and insisted upon being paid $1 50 for
his care of the stranger in the strange
land.
William Hughes disputed occupancy
of bench No. 17, Portsmouth square,
with every one who attempted to sit
upon it, although he held no right to
its exclusive use. It was for refusal
to allow another son of rest to perch
upon the bench that William was ar
rested and charged with vagrancy.
"I'll give you twenty-four hours,
Mr. Hughes," said his Honor Mogan,
"and the chances are that you'll get
a cell all to yourself. The jailers alp
stairs are more considerate of a gen
'tleman's desire for seclusion than the
policemen across the street appear to
be."
The Insanity Commissioners will in
vestigate the mental condition of Er
nest Dewey, who has been annoying
the night staff at the City and Coun
ty Hospital by appearing at unseason
able hours and demanding treatment
for imagined ills. If he is pronounced
sane he will be tried before Judge Mo
gan for disturbing the peace.
For drunkenness and disturbing the
peace Mary Fahey was sentenced to
six months' imprisonment by Judge
Mogan. She disturbed the service
last Sunday in St. Patrick's Church
and the united strength of three po
licemen was required to remove her,
so desperately did she resist arrest.
Israel Btrg, who was followed all the
way from England by the woman
whom he, had honored as his wife, and
two children which she swears are his,
was found guilty of falling to provide
for ' the little ones, and Judge Fritz
will sentence him to-day. When the
woman arrived here she found Berg at
the head of another household, and it
was one of her sympathizing friends,
Mrs. May Goldberg, who had him
taken into custody. The woman and
her children are kept from starvation
by the charity of philanthropists who
have heard her story, and an «ffort
is afoot to have her returned to her
parents, who are well-to-do folk near
Manchester, England.
y ~~~ • • » . _
"I know that his temper ain't of the
sweetest," said Mrs. Thomwell, "but
I'm ready to make allowance for the
fact that his teeth trouble him. Time
and time again I've advised him to get
'em filled, but he wouldn't do it. And
now see what it has brought him to."
Mr. Thomwell promised to take his
punishment from a dentist and Judge
Mogan let him go.
*. .- • * •
Mrs. Jacob Thomwell wore a brand
new white waist "when she appeared
before Judge Mogan and stated that
since having her husband arrested for
battery she had undergone a change
ol.mlnd and would like to see? him re
leased.
Mrs. Hicks, who dwells at 368 Geary
street, saw John Foley, teamster, force
a horse to "back up" until %he animal
fell down, and when she reproved the
teamster he told her to attend to her
own business. She had him arrested
and Judge Fritz fined him $10.
• • •
out her heart, that the jilted youth
was arrested by Patrolman D. Murphy
and charged with disturbance of the
peace and .vagrancy. The offense was
committed at 230. Mason street, where
Rose resides, and ere he was captured
the "Kid" had thoughtfully separated
himself from the pistol and knife with,
which he had menaced the life of Rose.
Judge Mogan will hear more about the
case to-day.
TRANSFER OF INTERESTS
Deeds Eccoi'ded Show Mu
tual Conveyances of Prop
erty Bequeathed to Sisters
ARGU3LEXTS ARE HEAED
-Attorneys for Jacob Eppin
ger Eaise Another Issue
- by Cliallenging the Panel
Convicted of Brutally Assaulting a Non-Union Stableman,
He Is Severely Punished by Judge Cabaniss, but Obtains
Release on S500 Bonds by Appealing to Supreme Court
"KID" EGAN IS SENTENCED
TO SIXTY DAYS IN PRISON
HEIRS OF FAIR
DIVIDE ESTATE
SEEK TO GAIN
MORE TIME
SAN QUENTTO
AWAITS RUMBLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE, 2, 1904.
9
; POSTT/M CEREAXj.
¦\ I "ion- 1 ¦
To \:tread the misery mill of the
coflPee. toper xvhen .you can have
j'bur .delicious, hot, black, strong:,
POSTUM
;.. . .Food Coffee
A-nd be. rid of aH the old coffee
ails.; hale, hearty and happy, sleep
sound and- \\;ake up refreshed and
springy, breath sweet, head clear,
stomach 1 — won't know you have
bi>e ; when -the s.tomach ails are
£orie ; - • ; m .
. And you" won't miss the coffee
a- bit for well boiled Postum
is delicious and really works won-
ders where Jhe coffee drugs (un-
suspected) Jiave torn down your
nerves and strfingth..
• •" Ppstum is *a powerful rer
-.'builder.
:-.. • . There's a reason. . m
Get the little book, ''The. Road to
VellvIIle," in each pk*. . " • I
TIVOLI 5S5&
LAST* FOUR NIGHTS— TOY MAT. SAT.
I THE I I H E
EVER- ... "
POPULAR T O V
DAINTY ¦ *
/COMIC ~ 7 T, — —_.
oper*. | MAKER
Splendid Cast. Scenery and Costumes.
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT
First Production ¦ In This City of
The Military Comic Optra Triumph,
SERGEANT KITTY
San Francisco Debut of
LILLIAN 8EFTON. Prlma Donna Soprano.
USUAL TIVOLI PRICES— 25c. 80c. 75c.
LAST THREE NIGHTS—^MAT. SATURDAY.
MELBOURNE
MacDOWELL
In a Superb Production of Sardou'a
| QIS/VYOINPA~|
Next Sunday Mat.,
A CAPTAIN OF NAVARRE
POPULAR PRICES— 15c. 25c. SOc. "75e.
June 13 — MRS. LESLIE CARTER in
DU PARRY. j
CALIFORNIA
¦
J&Sk AH OTHER TZUTTJ2XPH! SS&.
Ig The Incomparable? — The Greatest Stock
EJ * . Company In Existence. fj
I The Oliver Morcsci Company 1
n Presjnting Paul Leicester Ford's M
H Charming Comedy of the Revolution. H
I JANICE MEREDITH |
H BARGAIN MATINEE TO-DAY. ||
B SUNDAY— Julia Marlowe's Most Re- Q
Bcent Success. j . :.-. . . . M
THE CAVAI.IEB. H
A Stlrrlnx Story__of the South in War t
H Reappearance of AMELIA GARDNER. B
f*fiB &8&J1I3BA S*S FEWCSCO-l
UULUkWflJSIA UADua Taaisf
Seati Beady for All Performance*.
This and' Next Week. /
MATINEE SATURDAY8 ONLY.
CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS
MAUDE
ADAMS
in J M. Barrle's comedy.
THE LITTLE MINISTER.
I Next Monday— Second and Last Week of Maude
' Adams in "The Little Minister."
¦ Coming— E. H. Sothfrn in "The Proud
.' - Prince."
______ | _
Unprecedented Attractions!
Gaston and Stone; Powers Brothers;
' Burke, Xia Kue and the Xnky Boys; Or-
phenm Motion Picture* ana -Xaroel's
LIVING ART STUDIES.
Last times of FERRAR, COLE and COM-
PANY: COLBY FAMILY; AL LAWRENCE
and BELLE GORDON.
Regular Matinee Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices. 10c. 25c
and EOc.
Stlccesa 8uperbly Smiles on the Most De-
llciously Funny Play and the Beat Burlesque
Cast in America.
u. m
PEERLESS AND UNEQUALED.
Edna Aug. Caroline Hull. Garrlty Sitters.
York« and Adams. Al Fields, Edwin Clark,
Ben Dillon. Roy Alton. \
SPECIAL.
Next Sunday Nljrht— First Time Here — Lionel
' • - ¦ Lawrence's
"EIGHT BADrtJM OIBXS."
Matinees Saturday and Sunday. s~'
Same Popular Prices.
Klffh-Class Specialties Every Afternoon
and Evening; In the Theater.
TO-NIGHT — —
GALA AMATEUR PERFOR3IANCE
-Concluding With —
NEW LIVING PICTURES
Take a ride on the MINIATURE ELECTRIC
RAILROAD.
VISIT CABARET DE LA MORT.
ADMISSION 10o I CHILDREN 60
When Phoning asic for "The Chutee."
Dflln rA DON'T FAIL TO
rtfUUtC , ee tht bemutiful
j COURT Lounging
ft Tlfl ' room . the EMPIRE
auu parlor, the
T 4 PALM ROOM, the
Unfflfl LOUIS XV PAR-
AI1U1IU LOR^ |md la:
H A 4 A 1- DIES' WRITING
Hotels room.
AMUSEMENTS. _____"
The Great California Carnival Co.
Th<s .World's Greatest and Most Unique Carnival Combine and Standing Pre-eminently
. : in the Foreground of All Similar Amusement Institutions.
WILL PRESENT . '
CARNIVALS DE LUXE
Rivaling in General Formation and Gorgeous Detail the Catebrated Festival Events
of the Ancient Romans. ¦ '•
AMAZING IN CONCEPTION! GIGANTIC IN FORMATION!
SUPERB IN EQUIPMENT! .
*>flft Df>nnl<> 11 *Z> Special Train Xoads of «~> || Cflfl Dpnnlp
DVV People. |j g^ Gorjr«on» Paraphernalia. £=Tj I 3UW **€Op«:.
A KALEIDOSCOPIC REVIEW of All that Is CarnlvaUsque in Gold and Glitter.
Moral and Entertaining.
Given Under the Auspices of the GENERAL RELIEF COMMITTEE
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
Street Fair and Carnival
Ban rrand^o June 4th tO 12tH SStaffi.?
Corner of Market. Eleventh, Mission. Van Nesa Av«. and Twelfth Sts.
ADMISSION 10 CENTS. / V .
Gorgeous Street Parada SATURDAY EVENING. Jnn* 4. at 8 p. m.. from*
Palace Hotel to Carnival Ground*.
Magnificent Ceremonies at the Coronation of the Queen.
SPECIAL DAYLIGHT FIREWORKS SUNDAY AFTERNOON AT 2 O'CLOCK.
AT P A7 AD Belasco * Mayer.
_____ General Uana^er.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. TO-DAT A SATS.
The Delightful Romantic. Drama
Toll Gate Inn
"A winner." — Pert.
"A utronx production." — Call.
Ergs.,25c to 73c; Mats.Thurs. & Sat.. 23c to SOc
NEXT MONDAY. GRAND SCENIC PRODUC-
TION,
/UNDER TWO FLAGS.
Ouida's Pdimlar Drama of Romance.
In Preparation— "LOVERS* LANE."'
Next Month— WHITE WHITTLESET.
Market st.. near Eighth. Phon* South 63S.
TO-NIGHT — ALL. THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY A-ND SCNUAT.
The Famous Historical Drama.
| A CELEBRATED CAST
The Powerful' Romance of a Hero of-Fontenoy.
Magnincently Staged! BrlMiantly Cast!
Gorg?ously Costumed!
DDIfTC Evenings _.10c to SOc
rnlWLJ Matlners . , 10c. 13c. 23o
NEXT — "THE PEPDIiint.'*
MISCELLANEOUS AMTTSEBLENTSt
BASEBALL
at RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison streets. *
OAKLAND vs. FORTLAND
TO-DAY and FRIDAY. 3:30 p. m.
SATURDAY. 3 p. m.
SUNDAY, 2:30 p. m.
LADIES FREE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
Advance sale of s«ats at 8 Sto-kton street.
THE MARK
Of cleanliness and neatness la on each
.individual piece of linen or other wash
goods entrusted to our careful hands to
undergo the process known as. laander-
ing. First, we wash clean; second, we
starch rightly and only where starch Is
needed; third, our ironing: is really sec-
ond to none In "hold-to-the-last" finish.
Tersely told, this is a complete, first'*
class laundry. .
"No saw edges." ; •
UNITED STATES LAUNDBY,
1004 MABXZT BTBXBT.
Telephone South 420.
{Tfy Perfect Fitting Jr.T *
My Eyeglasses cf
Ij At Moderate: Cost (\
V 642
j^S^^OtM MEN AND WOMEN.
Ctc Big Ofornnnatnrti
/fSftErta l •• t <an.v| Ji»ch»ries.iafl»nitn»tion»,
k&J O»»i»att«J VI irriUtiooi or nlceratiooj
HsCjf uiunittttrt. of raaooas ni«mbrao«>.
g^ -ft r*««««» C««uev»«. Palniew. »nd not ulria*
KalniESTIXSCHtM'.CtlCa. «»nt or jx>i»onou«
%*T_2X OJCBHIMTl.O.EfTj'l *«><* *»T DrarsisU,
VSft*V ' V.X A. JKT or Mat In pl»ln wr*pp«.
<k£S»w_I-dlWi4 I>T •xv«m. prejfttd. to»
VtfiSBBSE?ya »i.oo. or3bot:le»t!.T»
¦• M5_aflj_fc)*rv r ¦• CitcuUi- teat on cea^sjt.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists' Mailedj
on Application. j
TBXSK AND SALT MEAT3.
Tl$ RAYK £ TO s »>iPPlng Butchers 108
JAJ» PVIEJ tt CU. pay. Tel. Main 12M.
OIM.
LUBRICATING OILS: LKONARD A ELLI3. "
41& Front St.. B. F. Phone M«tn i;i».
F. C. HUGHES. Bll Sa^me st.. 9. F.
i . . — ~ : — : V
SODA WATER SAIj. /> .
By Frank H." Spearman.* *
There li not another sto»y lnall
this famous author's creations
more powerful and at the
same time moro slyly hu-
S morons than this.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
ADVEBTISSIEENTS. _ *
3-DAY SPECIALS.
GROCERIES. ¦ I LIQyORS.
MIXES XTDTTS ...... .pound IOC JEPPEBSON COTJNTT WHI3-
Good, sweet nuts — almonds, walnuts, I /KEY bottle SOc
pecans. Bratlls. Hejr. 15c. Distillery bottling, 1897. Reg. S5c
EASTERN CODrXBH...4 lb« U."»<v 60c FLASK WHISKEY .....25c
Relpct middles; boneless. Reg. . 10c. McBrayer, Kentucky Dew, O. F. C,
40-lb box $2 80. :. : v* Guckenheimer.
mESH CBEAMEET BUTTER. . . AA PORT WINE gallon 75c
square 32c - From Aurora vineyard. Napa County,
We sold thousands of squares Tu<>s- , guaranteed 0 yean old. Reg. $1.00.
.. . day. If you Intend to pickle any but- t/rARTTTr BBANOT (3 Star)
ter leave your order with us to-day. »«v»*.wj saaav* >¦» jf-J k()
SELECT BALTIMOBE O7STEES ¦ The* French "kind." "Beg. »1.75
* R;.'nrt«^' hiind" iieV 4 iS?** 5C O. P. S. WHISXET. . . .Dottle 65c
VJ«'.^'iA'<'H^t''mni»'.'r^wt ?.h - Nonpareil; distilled and bottled In
Sty. R« 10c? England. Reg. $1.00.
r«RTr«w thm« nonnri iiu« HAMMOND'S ruoB APPLE
: B^5 m T^^^1U-l-£? l Su.: 1 ti?a? OH>EB....tt.gaUon bottle 25c
only. Stl -'-;.>. ' - OLD KENTUCKY "WBCISKET. . . .
QTJEBN OX.XVES... . .toottle 20c ••• ...g>Uoa »1.T5
Full quart, bottle. : Reg. 40c. .. .Bourbon, high proof, distilled 1809.
ENGLISH CHOW CHOW ' ***• * 2 - 25 -
............. quart bottl* 'lOc -*ABX* CttAMJT.....Mllon 80c
S Flnwrt "Chow" tn the world. Heg.20c. Good wln«; no limit; to-day.
. OOXD E» OATB COPPE E — NAOI.EE 'S TONIC POKT . : . .
, . •TolgjS'a Pride" Mrved free. Whlls . .gtUlon #1. OO
downtown cheer up with a "good Good rich old port; fin* {or medicinal
cup." ; ,. . . us«. Reg. 11.60. . :
; /" . \.;'_V TE3&. SOUTH 1082.In His 3fatch He Defeats R. Graham
Murray, Son of the Secretary *
for Scotland.
TRAVIS' THE OXL/Y AMERICAN
IN THE GOLF CHAMPIONSHIP
An important event in the munici
pality Is scheduled to take place on
Sunday afternoon, the 26th inst., when
the blue-coated guardians of the
peace meet the fighters . of the city's
fires on the green diamond of Recre
ation Park. The game will be played
for the benefit of -the widows' .and or
phans' funds of the two departments
and a large sum is expected to be re
alized. Champion Jim Jeffries 'will be
asked to umpire * the trouble. The
teams will line up as follows: '• '
Police Dept. \ .' Positions. Fire Dept. ,
EBola. ..Catcher, LJndberg
Birdsall . . . : Pitcher • Fitrpatrick
Drolette. . .... . ... '.First base . • Bodkin
O'Day Second " base Leavy
Sheehan .... . . .". . . Third .. base Welch
Goodwin Shortstop ......... .".'.'. Kelly
Becker. .Lef 1 1 fleld ' ..... .. Harrington
Plume. ........ . . .Center I fleld. . ........ ; .Cuneo
Hammll .Right field Malloy
Proceeds of Game -Will Go to -Widows'
and Orphans' Funds of the Two
:.%-Vv Associations.
PEACE GUARDIANS TO MEET
FIHE LADDIES ON DIAMOND
TACOMA. . June 1.— The Tigers
trimmed the Slashes to-day, Keefe
being in fine form. The visitors could
not hit when hits meant runs. One
of Seattle's tallies was a grtft, v being
forced In In the seventh with a base
or. balls. The feature was a triple
j)lay in the eighth by Mohler, Brash
ear, R. Hall. and Blankenshlp, retir
ing Tacoma after three runs were in.
Score :
Tacom*— ':"¦¦;•" S | Seattle — -V •-:;:-,
AB.R. H. P. A. I , AB.It. H. P.A.
Doyle, rffi 0 1 2 O.Mohlr. 2b 3 1 1 8 S
Shehn, 3b 3 0 0 0 ljVanH, cf 6 0 0 2 0
NrdyMb 4 0 17 0 Dlhty, 3b 4 0 0 11
Eagan. 1 3 2 1 3 3 Frlisk, If . 6 1 2 1 1
Lynch, cf 4 12 1 0 Smith, rf 4 12 0 1
Casey, 2b 2 2 0 2 3 Brshr. lb 5 0 1 8 1
M'Lgn, If 4 2 2 2 O Hall. «.. 8 0 0 2 B
Grahm, c 3 "1 3 10 0;Blkshp, c 4 1 2 7 0
Keefe. p. 4 12 0 lC.Hall, p4 0 1 0 1
. Totali.32 10 11 27 8' Tot«Js.37 * ¦ 9 24 13
RUNS 'AND HITS BY INNINGS. ;.'.
Tacoma 0 04 01 2 0 3 x— 10
Base -hits 10 2 1 1..2 0 4 x— 11
Seattle" ..'. 0 0 0 1 0 1 2 0 0 4
Base hits 0 0 12 0 2 4 0 0— o
SUMMARY.
Errors— Eagaa. Smith. Struck out— By
Keefe, .9; by. Hall, 5. Bases on balls— By
Keefe, 4; by Hall. 4. Hit by pitcher— By
Keefe. 1; by Hall, 1. Passed ball— Graham.
Wild pitches— Hall 2. Stolen baiie — Casey
Two-base hit* — Graham «). McLau*hIln!
Frisk. Brashear. Mohler, Blankenshlp. Three
base bit— Lynch. Home ¦ run — Eagan. Triple
play — Mohler to Brashe&r to C. Hall to Blanken
ehip. Left on- bases — Tacoma 3. Seattle 11.
Time of jpame— Two hours and five minutes.
Umplre-«O'ConneU.
Mario, the great tenor, read any
thing he could obtain relating to
sports or hunting. '
Mohler, Hall, Brashcar and Blanken
ship Execute Triple Play.
KEEFE TOSSES SHARP CURVES.
By tb* New York Morning Telegraph.
First Race — Young. Henry, Astarita,
Gay Lothario.
Second Race — Fulminate, Cock
Robin, Walter Cleary.
Third Race— Wotan, Palm Bearer,
W. B. Fasig.
Fourth Race^— Bellatrix, Chrysitis,
Schulamite.
Fifth Race — Hurst Park, Hampton
stable entry, AUicl..
Sixth Race — Stoliday, Antimony,
Gilpin.
" GRAVESEXD SELECTIONS.
NEW YORK. June ¦ 1.— New York-Cincln
natl game postponed; rain. : .
PHILADELPHIA. June 1.— Philadelphia-
Chicago frame postponed; wet grounds. -
BROOKLYN. June 1.— Pittsburgh Brodklyn
game ;>o6iponed; wet grounds.. \_
"AVilrt Bill" Donovan Gets IIJs Bumps
When He Faces the Xeiv York
Batsmen.
STANDING OF THE CLUBa
(National League.) i (American League.)
W. L. Pet. w. L. Pet.
New York... 25 11 .COSlBoston .....2010 722
Chicago ....21 11 .CSGjCleveland ..10 14 .57«
Cincinnati ,.2« 12 .685 New York... 20 10 371
St. Louis 17 17 .500 Philadelphia. 20 1(5 .M(i
PIttsburg ...16 IB .457 Chicago 20 17 .541
Brooklyn ...15 23 .406:St. Louis.. '..10 18 .471
Boston .....13 22 .37l|t>etroit .....12 22.353
Philadelphia. 6 27 .1821 Washington.. 6 27 .182
(AMERICAN LEAGUE.)
ST. LOUIS, June 1.— The St. Louis team
inaugurated its first home series with the
Eastern teams to-day by defeating Philadel
phia, 3 1 to . 1. Howell played an unusually
active game for a pitcher and was also ef
fective at critical periods. Attendance, 2400.
[The score:
L t , R. H. E.
St. Louis 3 ll o
Philadelphia l o 0
Batteries — Howell and Kahoe; Plank and
Powers.
DETROIT, June 1. — The New Yorks started
their Western trip by hitting "Wild Bill"
Donovan bard and at the right time to make
runs. . Detroit's men played jcreat ball. At
tendance. 12CK). ,The scor*: '
•¦•¦•'¦'¦. R- "• e.
Detroit 3 9 "J
New. York 5 12 1
Batteries — Donovan . and Woods; Chesbro
and McGulre. .
CHICAGO, June 1.— Owen was the star of
to-day's came. He not only shut out the
visitors with ' only two hits, but scored tlu
winning run with a timely single. Attendance.
5100. The score:* - * s'-- : 't
¦¦¦ " - ..' ¦: .,--'' . R. H. E.
! Chicago ¦"." 1 -.'fi' 1
Washington 0 2 1
Eatterirs— Owen and McFarland; Jacobscn
and - Kittredge. "¦ ¦
CLEVELAND. June- I. — Boston- made ita
first aDDea ranee here to-day, defeating-Cleve
land. Stahl won the game with his. bat and
saved* it ¦ for. Boston with a marvelous one- •
handed catch when the bases were filled. At
tendance, 3100. Score :
...,.-....¦-¦ .-¦: , ; ".,-,¦ .... r. h. ; e.
Cleveland ...3 0, 1
Boston... :. 4 10 O
. Batteries — B<:rnhard and Bemls; Youns and
Criger. •
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS PLAYS WELL
BEFORE THE HOME FANS
CINCINNATI. June. 1. — Latonia summary:
First race, one mile — Little Emmy won,
Helen Tarwater second. Locust Blots^m third.
Time, 1:49%.
Second race, five furlongs — Dlxelle won.
Daisy Oean second. Borax third. Time, 1:06.
Third race, six (urlongs — Glendon -won. Lady
Draper second, Myram W third. Time, 1:19ft.
Fourth race, five furlongs — Fred Rekaw
won, Panamanian second, Hadrian third.
Time, 1:05%.
Fifth race, on* • mile — Two Penny won,
Prckness second. Goo Goo third. Time, 1:4.8.
Sixth race, six furlongs- — Tommy Knight
won, Llda Lieb second, Antolee third. Time,
1:10. '
• Latonia Race Results.
Xjrm Ar.pcles...... 0 0 1 " 0 .'0 0 0 "o 1 2
Ba>» hit* % 00 1 10011 2— 6
Ban Francisco. ..O130S0O0 0 9
Base hits 1 2 S 0 3 0 1 2 1 13
*-;"•'; . SUMMARY.
• Error* — Smith 06), Flood. Reitz. Cbace «>
Ilits-^>ff Dun < oft Chase 7. Three-baM hit
— Jleltz. T*s-be« hits — Anderson; M&eEty
Ix-ahy. Kildebrand. Flood. Sacrifice. . hits
r.tnff, Waldron. Gorton. Flrrt ba«e oa errors-
Los Acgeles 1. San Franclico 5. Left on bases
t-Los Angeles 4. San FTan<3se© 4. Baees on
bailt — Of Whalen 2, off Chase 1. Struck out—
By Cfaaae 2. br Whalen 1. Double plays
emit* to. Toman, to Flood; Flood to Spies-
Ilil<Vbrand to ilass*y; Toman to Flood, to
Fj<i«!. Hit by pitcher — Waldimn. Time of
*ra?ne — O;o, h%ur and twenty-five minutes. Um
pire—KcDcnald.
LOS-ANGELES, . Jnne I:-. — Bau'm.
,who had- been 'ill, went in to pitch to
day, but three innings convinced Cap
tain Flood the. youngster was not. In
condition. . .Chase, "the first baseman,
•Vv-as substituted. With the exception
of .one* innirrg-, when ecrors, .combined
iwifh -a lot of hard luck,, grave' the vis
•Hors'-flve runs*,.. he pitched fine ball.
Th? -locale could do vefy little with
TVhalen'? enryes. Score: ;
L/js Ang.eles — . San Frenciteo-^ ' '
• AB. R.H. P.A-! AB.-R. H.P.A.
Tomar..ES 4 0 0 2 2 Hildeb,3b 4 2 3 2 3"
F?fod.2b. 3 115 4!Wal<!n,cf 3 10 10
fir..ith.3b. 4 . <t . 0 2 8 Meany.rf 5 118 6
Bernrd.cf 4 0 3 2 0 Leahy.c. 5 1112
Wheelr.rf 4 0 X> 0 0Andrn.es 3 '2 2 4 0
P.oss.lf?.*4 0 0 0 0 Relu,2b. 4 112 4
•(.ti*!,lb,p 3 1 -0*5- 3 Mawy.lb 4 .0 3.13 0
Fp:e«,lb,c. 2 .0. 1 8 2 Gorton. If 3 0 0. 1 0
Bautu.p.. 0. O- X> 1 1 Whaien,p 4 12 0 2
Eafer,c..2 0 12 0 • — ..
— -.. Totals 35 9 13 27 11
*1VtaJs 30 2 .6 27 18! ¦
gtTXfS AJCD HITS BY INNINGS. *
Pitcher Is Relieved by Chase in
¦..•¦; • . ' .th'e Fourth Inning. '
BA.UM ILL -AND INEFFECTIVE.
• Jack Munroe did no work In the
gymnapiutn yesterday and the big
crowd that went out to the beach to
watch the husky miner go through his
stunts was sadly disappointed. Jack
injured himself slightly under the left
arm on Monday and as the wound was
progressing favorable yesterday he did
not wish to take any chances In open-
Ing It again.
The Injury Is a slight one and will
not Interfere with the miner's training
in the future.. He will do his regular
work to-day and will endeavor to make
up for the time he-lost yesterday. He
did not neglect his run on the road,
however,- taking a long spin in the
morning; ¦~:i--i^ : /i>i *-.'"
of a Slight Injury.
Miner Eases Up in Work on Account
JACK MUXROE TAKES A REST.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First Race — Estrada Palma, Trium
vir, My Jane.
Second Race— Admonition, Zyra,
Montanic.
Third Race — Glassful, Mohnrib,
Grcjror K.
Fourth Race^ — Airship, ' Lnzarion,
Scotch Irish.
Fifth Race— Glassful, Spencerian,
Thane.
Sixth Race— The Crisis, Baywood,
Mlndora.
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
CHICAGO, June 1. — The entries for
to-morrow's races at Hawthorne track
are aa follows:
First race, six furlonss, maidens — Nannan
101. Dragoon 103, Arab 103, Freeslas 100,
Vestlna Belle 100, My Jane 10U. Triumvir 108.
Singing Master IGH, Gene Handlon 111, Mayor
David S. Rose 1,11, Liliie Jones 112. Star Nova
114. M*rv Pine 114. Don't Ask Me 118, Estrada
Palma 122.
Second race, seven furlongs, selling — Ml
Reina 117, Jacktul 119, Weird 121, Charlie
Grainger 121, Boundllng 122. Paramount 122,
F.mlgre 120, M^rchmont 127. Safeguard 129.
Jaubert 129. /.#ra 129, Blackthorn 129, Ad
monition 12U, Mor.tanlc 131. Frank Kenney 134.
! Third race, one mile, handicap— Bay Ways
100. Wainamoinen 104 Moharlb 106, Glassful
10W: Bragg 107. Gregor K 100.
Fourth race, five furlongs — Mart Gentry 105.
Tramotor 105, Scotch Irish 1C8, Florentine 108.
Brcadway Girl 108. Michael Byrnes 111, Vldalla
111. Luzarlon 114. Airship 118.
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth, selling—
Spcncerlan 86. Jerry Lynch 02. Schoolmate 9fl,
Thane 103. Major Mansir 103, Glassful 10*.
Sixth race, six furlongs — Woodson 100,
Clifton Forge 10*?, Peter J 107. Emperor of
India- 108, Mlndora 110, Baywood 111. The Crisis
112
Weather clear; track fa*t.
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
NEW YORK, June 1. — Africander
is carded to start at Gravesend to-mor
row. He meets Hurst Park, Raglan
and others at one and a sixteenth
miles. The complete entries follow:
First race, about three-quarters of a mile —
Astarita 109. Young Henry 108, Counterpoise
103, Princess Titanla 103. Gay Lothario 102.
Turquo«f<e Blue 102. Witchcraft 102, Palette
101. Mary Glenn 101. Orloff 101. Oradell 98,
Gold Dome 97. Lord Melbourne 96, Brooklynite
95. Dapple Gold 04. Thistle Heather 92, Judge
Denton n2. Cherlpe 90, Hydrangea 87, South
ampton 02.
Second race, about two miles, selling, steeple
chase—East Kelstcn 153. Libretto 153, Fulmi
nate 13.J. Cock Robin 153, Walter Cleary 153,
Flying Buttress 14.9. Princess Chic 101, Con
federate Grey 146, Oa Keren t 132. Lipton 132,
Captlvator 142.
Third race, one mile and seventy yards, han
dicap — Wotan 122. Helln 120, Palmbearer 120,
Hippocrates 119. Go Between 118, Th« South
erner 115." Garnish 110, Alforten 112. Ascetic
109. Buckleya 116, Pentaur 108, W. B. Fasig
108. Tomcod 104.
Fourth race — Five furlongs, two-year-old fll-
Iles. the Criterion Stakes — Bella Signora 114,
Chrysltis 114. Simplicity 114. Princess Erls 114,
Schulamlte 114. Bellatrix 114. Klamesha 114,
Salt and Pepper Hi. .
,• Fifth race, one and' a sixteenth miles — Afri
' cander T2« Hurst Park 120. Athel 108, Raglan
10«. Wotan 101, Ruby Ring 00.
Sixth race, five' furlongs, maidens — Idle Hours
ion, Voladay 112. Gllpln 112. Observer 112.
Tommie Waddel 112. Old Hal 112. Confessor
112. Slgllght 112, Tongarder 112. Raiment 109.
Novena 100. Antimony 109, Rply Poly 109,
Fruit 1C9. Haxel Baker 109, Roscrea 109.
' Weather clear; track fast.
GRAVESEND ENTRIES.
Caterpillar.
Fourth Race — Mordella, Elastic,
Tower.
Fifth Race — Pathos, Mainspring,
Trapsetter.
Sixth Race — Broodier, Iras, Mem
phian.
First Race — Lady Fonse, Sadie
Burch, Radium.
Second Race — A Lady, Kdith May,
My Eleanor.
Third Race^ — One Jlore, John II,
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
ST. LOUIS, June 1. — The entries for
to-morrow's races at Delmar track are
as follows:
First race, six furlongs, - selling — Clear the
Arena 109, Sadie Burch 109, Nellie Cromwell
105, Fannette 1C5, Mlnsore 105, Bird Pond
100, Mis 3 Gabrille Watts 100, Radium. ICO,
Easter Walters 100, Lady Fonse 100.
Second rnct, four and a half furlongs — My
Bleanor ll», A Lady 109, Kdith ; May 10t>,
Laurel L10S. The Druggist 100.
Third race, six and a half furlongs — Alflcr
108. One More 106, Dr. Kier 10J, John II 103.
Catprpillar 10.1. Ponca 101. Immortelle 101.
Jorry W>, Jim Winn 08. La Amanda 94, Happy
Hooligan S."i, Llla Noel 83.
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap— Elastic
122. Ancke 108. Tower 90. Mordella 87.
Fifth race, one mile', selling — Pathos 113.
Cornelian 10S, Trapsetter 102, Mainspring 102.
Algonquin 88. Doltnda 93.
Sixth race, one and three sixteenths miles,
selling— Broodier 108, Little Tom Tucker 10C,
Memphian 102, Mls>s Eon 102. Daddy Bender
09, Sister Lillian 97, Murmur 97, Iras 97
Weather clear; track drying.
DELMAR TRACK ENTRIES.
LONDON, June 1.— The race for the
Derby stakes, of 6500 sovereigns,
about one mile and a half, at Epsom
to-day, was won by St. ¦ Amant. The
result In detail follows:
Leopold de Rothschild's St. Amant,
Cannon, won; Sir J. Thursby's John
O'Gaunt, Thursby, second; Si B. Joel's
St. Denis, Halsey, third. : Eight horses
started. -. -.- • .
St. Amant led all the way and won
by three lengths. Another three
lengths separated second . and third
horses. Andover was fourth. Gouver
nant. a French horse, owned- by M.
"Blanc, and the favorite, was • not
placed. • » ¦ . ._ ¦ ¦„ . v
The victory, of Leopold de Roths
child's horse was exceedingly popular,
especially, as it was " thought that
Gouvernant was a certain winner. The
scene wrten M. de- Rothschild led in
his horse, was remarkable. -King Ed
ward, who was present, .was among
the first to congratulate his old friend,
while' cheers resounded all over the
course. " . ' •
Rain fell heavily all the morning,
which greatly diminished the' size of
the crowd. The betting was five *o
one against St. Amanty four to .one
against John O'Gaunt and fifty to one
against St. Denis. The French crack.
Gouvernant, started at. seven to. four
against. The race, which was run in
a thunderstorm, occupied two xriln-.
utes and 'forty-five and" .fd"ur-flfths,
seconds. • \ .
A big contingent of Frenchmen were
present and their disappointment .was
keen, " as they regarded" Edmond
Blanc's colt as certain to repeat Gladi
ateur's performance. It is said 1 - that
M. Blanc, who made, his fortune out
of the Casino at Monte Carlo and paid
a record price. $196,815. foe Gouver
nant's sire, Flying 'Fox. stood, to "^in
$250,000 In beta on Gouvernant;
"Skeets"' Martin. Ihe American
Jockey, was suspended" until . June 2 5
at Epsom to-day. He had the mount
on Lady Honors, the winner of the
Catheram plate, and was disqualified
for crossing and boring.
nawthorne Turfmen Vainly Endeavor
RACE TRACK PATRONS •
ARE HELD PRISONERS
to Withhold Results From
the Poolrooms.
CHICAGO, June 1.— In their efforts
to withhold race results from the pool
rooms, officers of the Hawthorne race
track held their patrons prisoners
within locked gates to-day. Soon af
ter the crowd assembled it was an
nounced that egress would be refused
to the spectators until after the fifth
race. Threats of damage suits did not
move the special policemen and con
stables, who barred all means of exit.
Although every effort was made to
cut off the poolrooms, canvas screens
even being placed along the jockey
board to prevent a free view of the
names of the riders, the agents of the
poolrooms succeeded in getting the
information. From a telegraph pole
on the east side of the grounds a look
out, armed with a powerful fleldglass,
telegraphed the results to the pool
rooms.
COLORED GENTLEMAN IS •
ON* TRAIL OP JEFFRIES
Premier Heavy-weight -.of Australia
Sails for America to Meet the •
¦ Champion.' . . • .
NEW YORK, June L— According to
a letter which Sam- F.itzpatrick re
ceived' to-day from a friend- in the An-
tipodes. Peter Felix, the heavy-weight
champion of Australia, hasf sailed • for
America to meet Champion Jim'Jeff
ries. Felix Is colored and for this rea
son Jeffries may refuse, to meet him. •
MICIHGAN WINS AT
SECOND TENNIS 3IATCH
Californlan Comes Out a Champion
and Will Compete in Finals
With Northwestern Team.
CHICAGO, June 1. — The University
of Michigan swept the board to-day in
the second day's play of the Inter
collegiate tennis tournament. \ Reuben
Hunt, of Michigan, a Californlan, won
the title of western inter-colleglate
champion, while Hunt and his team
mate, Lee. defeated Northwestern Uni
versity in the doubles, paving their
way to the finals, which are to be
played to-morrow with Bailey and
Monet of Iowa.
WELL KS'OWN* BONIFACE -
VERY NEAft TO DEATH
Tyler Beach, Who Built St. James
Hotel in San Jose, Is
Critically 111.
SAX JDSE, June 1.— Tyler Beach,
for over thirty years proprietor of
the St. James Hotel in this city, is
in a dying condition at his horn* on
South First street, and it is not be
lieved he will live through ihe night.
No hotel man in the State is better
known than is Beach.' He built the
St. James Hotel antl conducted it un
til about eight year's ago. He sold
the property to the late James Camp
bell, the Hawaiian millionaire. " Since
then Beach has led a retired life.
Beach was born in Warren County,
New York. In 1832. He arrived lh San
Francisco in February. 1854.- arrd a few
months later came to Santi Clara
County and has resided here ever
since. At one time he was largely In
terested in farming and live stock.
Beach Is a prominent Mason. '. Be
sides a wife he has five grown cnij
dren. .
BULLDOG SAVES LIFE
''-;¦ OF IMPERILED MASTER
Oregonian Is Attacked by a Hog In
the Woods, but Escapes
Death.
CANBT, Or., June 1.— His faithful
bulldog saved the life of W. Zlegler
from attack by a vicious hog yesterday.
Ziegler\was out in the woods gathering
cascara bark, when without warning
the hog rushed upon him. He was
hurled to the ground and, unable to
save himself, was gashed and bitten in
a horrible manner.
The bulldog was some distance away
when the. hog made its attack, but
valiantly ran to the rescue of his mas
ter. Hog and bulldog fought a fierce,
duel while Zlegler lay on the ground
bleeding In a dozen places. Finally the
dog drove away the hog, which was
afterward killed by Ziesler.
.;•.'¦ ;'".'.At . -tfcat had Dr. Moskiman. played a
,IjttI* .baseball there wo'uld. have been
: ;6.o.me.6trugglihEr..-The Doc let some runs .
.arrive^ with his errors, but partly.offset
this in the fourth, inning by planting
: ; lhe ball into Ringgold street- for the
• OBly run Oakland cauld -secure.
".'Portland, did. well in. the second In
niiig,- when Druhot got away with a
scratchy hit to second and traveled a
fease: farther on Schladey's villainous
throw to Streib, McCreedie scored him
- iRitn a\ double, and he arrived in due
time while .Moskiman was busy throw
¦ ing.away' the. ball that Nadeau hit to
-'hirii: .'¦ ' ¦ ' . ' .' ' ¦;-."'. . '
• - : It. was one, two, three and out, with a
¦-W't apd an' error, sandwiched in. between,
-til*, the: ninth was -at hand.. Then Mr.
¦ Murphy', smote the ball .out to Moski
: man, .who had. be'en changed to left
•field..' He should have! cprraled the
-leather, but "he- didn't, '.So Murphy land
'.ed.c5n .second; .".Steelman- followed with
¦a single and Shea with a. long fly, and.
• another run was in "for Portland.
.-¦¦.'The' leaders d;d not die. without fight
;.iHfr 66me.' for Pchlafley led off for them
: "vvl-t'h a Single, but was forced .at second
b'y, Streib. Devereaux followed with
-a'BQtheK: Oscar Graham, he of the ven
:xjmotis sting:, came in" to bat for Byrnes.
Jie- fanned. .-Dunleavy was' called to
*ake' Schmidt's place, and the best. he
. "had -.was- a -fly to right, and the end
Vivas at 'hand: The score:'
•¦- •¦•Oakland;— . i- Portland —
." ' ••. AB.R.H.P.A.! AB.R. H. P.A.
.Ganiy.rfr 3 0- i O © Druhot, cf 4 1110
KrOfcr-cf 2 01 2 2 McCrd.rf 3112 1
• Mskn.s-lf 4 • 1 • 1- 1 :i.\'daiu-lf 4 0 0 10
•Pchfly..2V'. 4 0 14 4Hfck.2b. 3 0 1 3 . 3"
. j'.Strb.U) 4" .0 OH- O Francs. Hb- 4 0 2 2 2
I>-vyx".3b- 4 -O 1" O- 6,Mrphy.lb 4 1 1 10 0
Borturr.e -1, -0-. 1.. 3 lSUm.lf-s 4 -0 1. 4 3
.T.^ib. - lf--6-2 0 '0 " 3 1'^nea.c. .. 4 0 0 3 2
Sch:n<S.t,p 3 0> 1 0 1 Hoach.p. 4 0 0 1- 3
.•Graham- 1 0 0. ' 0 0 ¦
• fDnlravy 1 <r 0* 0 O Totals 34 3 7 27 14
; ;..To*fil«.29- I .7,27 IS
".•Eattfd- for Boettis*r in the ninth,.
"tBa.Ued fpr "Schmidt in the_ ninth.
'¦'. ' '¦ R.UNS AND HITS ET INNINGS. -
Portland" .-...,-...:. 0 0 2 0 0 000 J— 3"
. Pas* hit«. ;....;. 1 0 2 10 0 0-1 2—7
Oakland ..:,.:..;.© 0 0. 0 0 1 0 0 0—1
Ba«e.'hits.... . v :.O 0 1 1 1 1 .0 1 2—7
¦;..•¦* . • . : gt'MMART.- . •
¦ Crror*—^Moskiman 4. Devereaux.- T.. Streib,
JCadeau, ScMafiy.. Home run — Moskiraan. Two
base-hits — McCreedie. Frencls, Ganley. .Mur--
Xhy. • Sacrtflce hi<s— 'Kruger .2. T. Streib. Mc-
Creedie. ' T-'in-t base on error* — Portland Q.
Oakland 1. -First ba'se on caJletf " balls — Off
llc*Hi 1, off SchmiCt.2. Left on .bases — Port
land" 6." Oakland 7.- Struck out — By Roach 2.'
by Schh-.idt 2. Hit " by pitcher — Boettlger.
IMubie . plaj-e — '$ltO-f*dls to Sbta;- MoGklmaa
, ta Schltfly.. Time of game — Two hours. Cm
'¦plr*— Huston.- - •*
'.-Mr. Roach dropped in -upon the scene
of- strife yesterday afternoon at 'Recre
ation' Park after being overdue .for
rr.any days. Iri his grip, be brought a
el6y< -and some, other things. But the
most IrnjKJrtant of these was victory.
5ieVha4.lt packed. up tight and he un
¦jeailed ft on the- fans, pulling off one
v©? 'Ahe sensations of the year by hand-
J*g it to the lea&ers 3 to 1. ' .'
¦':Mr. Roach Is a. lajikychap, and some
lEffy he ' is, r>oi»sessed cf. nothing but a
quantity of rare gall and a glove. Mr.
p-jgdale should infuse ¦ some; more
jtotQ-.th'e Portlanders .and buy some more
jctayes. for If., such a combination, can
best the- Computers .bnoe it might beat
thtm.«ome more,' for beaten :they were
"jreEterfiay at every stage- of the battle.
'•.•. " W: L. Pet. I ". W. L. Pet
OakUad 36 27 ;571,Lo< AB«eIe».34 31 .623
'Beetle .....34 27 .857, San ' -Fran-.. .;S0 33 .476
Tax^si* ¦...'.. 35 iS .K>e;PortJand IS 41 .305
BTXKDftXa OF' THE CLUBS.
CPmdflc Coast Lemrue.)
Pocatelli, Palo Alto, Barge, Richard
Aston, Sacramento Boy and other fly
ers of the coursing field are entered in
the open stake to be decided at Union
Coursing Park on Sunday.
In addition to these there will be a
sixteen-dog puppy stake, which will
bring out many of the young coursers
which competed In the Belle Brandon
cup event. The draw last night result
ed as follows:
Open stake — Frank Dunn vs. Medley; Po
catelli vs. Flaunt: Una vs. Red Ripper; Golden
Fortune vs. Texas Jill: Pelugra vs. Amtle W;
Royal Srlrit vs. Friendless Boy; High Born
vs. Master Rocket: Gambit vs. Donnybrook;
Liberator vs. Tralee Lass; Lucy Clalr vs. Du
hallow; Aeolus vs. Red Rock; Humbug vs.
Mi Amleo; Palo Alto vs. Renecade Apache;
Belle Free va. Roy Hughle; The Referee vs.
Merry go Round; Haphazard vs. Tamora;
Rural Artist vs. Rich Argosy; Fancy Free vs.
Texas Hoo Hoo; r Bright Fortune vs. Barge;
Pagllacci vs. Vandal: Fontenoy vs. Rahy
Aurora; Richard Anton vs. Amandan: Ruby
Sankey vs. Rich Array; Hudson vs. Cubonola;
Rapid Water vs. Miss Lucille; Wattlwi vs.
Rocklin Boy; Sacramento Boy rv Texas
Mamie; Ready Address v» Remisso Animd.
Puppy stake — Lady Kelp vs. Lampre Eel;
Plain Blackey vs. . Slim Jim: Sky Van vs.
The Delta: Flower Girl vs. Queen's Beauty;
Rocked Asleep vs. Bttngaree; T. C. Watson vs.
Tom Lip ton; Bright Columbia vs. Ina Clasus;
Garadlce vs. Menlo Queen.
The .trainers and champion's admir
ers passed the afternoon hours in hot
air sessions. It seems to be a conced
ed fact up here that the contest will be
a short one. so the betting was fixed
at $100 to ?S5. This, of course, brought
the discussion down, to the number of
rounds it would last. As is generally
known. Proprietor Jim Hayes of Har
bin Springs is an ardent admirer of the
champion and when compared with the
latter Jim considers Spartacus of old
only a preliminary fighter. Hayes,
who drove a stage and six over St.
Helena Mountain when it was an ac
tive volcano, says he has not missed
calling a championship fight in ten
yoars and will soak the family plate to
wager that Jeffries cleans up Inside of
four rounds. Perhaps that isn't show
ing a quarter at a 'two-minute clip.
Fresh pipes were then served and a
recess was taken to compare notes.
In the evening Mr. and Mrs. Jeffries
and a big bus load of guests attended
a tent show at Middletown. The date
of the big contest is net far off and it
Is the intention of the champion to
break camp on the 14th inst. to take up
quarters at Oakland. '
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
After luncheon Jeff took a rifle and
wandered off in the jungles in search
of woodpeckers, wild canaries, hum
ming birds, hippopotami and "gators."
Then again the big fellow himself
did not seem to be bubbling over with
ambition, and worked but mildly in
the gymnasium after the breakfast
hour. He tugged with the pulley
weights, skipped the rope and then
hammered the punching bag untif the
leather spheroid collapsed under the
continuous bombardment. After this
came an abbreviated spell of shadow
boxing with light dumb bells, followed
by a game of handball.
It was the last ¦ day In camp of
Officer Pat Foley, one of San Fran
cisco's finest, and he had blood In his
eyes. On Sunday last the champion
defeated Pat and Jack Jeffries at
handball two straight, the latter duo
playing as partners. This morning Pat
and Jack played with the skill of an
Eagan or a Fitzgerald, rubbing It Into
the boilermaker two straight games
21-13 — 21-9. Jeff, however, made
ample apologies for his inaccurate
serving and general lack of clever
play by claiming he could not get his
left arm limbered up. The drubbing
was so decisive, however, that Dick
Adams, the court jester, was speech
less and stupefied for nearly a minute,
when Secretary and Scorer Joe Eagan
announced the results. A run down
the Middletown road terminated Jeff's
work.
HARBIN SPRINGS. June 1.— This
could be styled an off day In
the Jeffries camp, for everything ap
peared to go at sixes and sevens. Joe
Kennedy is nursing his injured wrist
and went about with it so lavishly
frescoed with iodine that it looked like
the yellow peril. The wrist was hurt
while Joe was in the East many weeks
ago, and was never given an oppor
tunity to mend. His recent work
made it worse. Jack Jeffries, who has
marked respect for his brother's
punches, did not care about going it
alonei so boxing was crossed off the
menu to.-day.
Champion Plans to Arrive in
Oakland on the Tuesday
Before the Big Fight
3Ioskiman Plays Bad Ball in
: the Field, but Saves Shut^
.Out With Home-Run Drive
Sixteen of the Cleverest of
the Babj' Coursers Will
Meet on Union Park Field
Owner bi Gouvernant Stood
to Win $250,000 in Bets
on the Son of Flying Fox
PUPPIES TO TAKE PART
WORKS IN GY3INASIUM
CLOSE (U3EE FROM STABT
SIXTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
three-year-olds and up; purse:
Brtting 1 . Horse Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 5— F. Collins. 89 (Hennessey) 3 1 1%1 1
10 to 1— Velasquez. Ill (Wallace) 4 4 3 2n
4 to 1— Lovable, OS (Stoval) 1 2 2 3 6
Time, 1:27%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. Mrs. Anna Given' s br. g. (3) by Joe
Norwood-Lady Glyde. Lynch 100, Foxy Kane
112, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs; four-year-olds
and up; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Gen. Prig, 107 (McMullen) 5 15 14
8 to 1— Dr. Kier, 103 (Wallace) ... 0 63 22
6 to 1— Jerry Hunt. 102 (Austin). 4 25 3n
Time, 1 :21. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, O. Lnycock's ch. h. (4) by Prig-Castorla.
St. Vltus 105, Dr. Rlley 106. Tom Wallace 100.
Tcrtugan 97, Requisition i 1C:1, Graden 114,
Walter 102, Pyrrtio 100, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One mile and seventy
yards; three-year-olds and up; purse $600:
Betting. Horse. Weight, • Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 5— Deutschland. 112 (Austin) -1 15 13
11 to 5— Taby Tosa, 103 (Wilson) .3 3 10 2 n
4 to 1— Harmakis. 07 (Rice) 4 2 4 3 4
Time. l:53>i.- Start ¦ good. Won driving.
Winner, B. Schreiber's b. h. (4) by Sain-Der
fargllla. j Jack Young 07, also ran.
THIRD' RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
three-year-olds and up; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1— Buccleuth, 105 (D.Austin) 9 3h In
5 to 1— Orpheum. 10C (Wallace) .. 8 4n 28
40 to 1— La ton; 0C (Stoval).:. .... 2 lh 34
"Time,. 1:2SV..:- Start good. Won driving.
Winner, B. -Schreiber.s b. g. (5) by- Odd Fel
low-Montgomery Cooper. -Helen Hay 101, Dr.
Bob 114. J. Reiff 87, Plea 05, The Advocate 106.
Echodale 108, Dr. Scharff 100, finished aa
named. ... . ...--.
SECOND RACE— Four and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse:
Betting. I Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 5 — Pict. Hat. 100 (McMlln) 9 13 11
9 to 10— Passive 105 (Foley) .... 3 4 3 27
15 to 1— A Lady Fair, 105 (Gllett) 2 3 2 3 n
Time, 1:0In Start gocd. • Won easily. Win
ner, J. P. Banahan & Co.'s ch. f. /2) by For-
OBt-Keturah. Clara Forrester 110, /VloJa Faith
110, Sylvan Belle 105, finished as named.
ST. - LOUIS. June 1. — Deutschland,
with a slight switch In the weights,
turned the tables on Jack Young at
Delmar this afternoon, winning hand
ily and finishing in front of Harmakis
and Taby Tosa. ' Young was last.
A good thing was turned loose in
the two-year-old event when Picture
Hat ..beat Passive. The winner was
played heavily and the^ books ¦ were
severely crippled. Weather good,
track slow. Summaries:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; four-y«ar-old«
and up; purse: .....
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1— Hart D. 117 (Donegan) . . 5 2 2 In
30 to 1— Escanaba. 05 (Rice).:.... 6' lh 2 1
8 to 1— Domints, 107 (Schmidt)... 7 4 4 3 2
Time," 1:21%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. N. Darby's ch. g/ (6) by Major
Richards-Patagonia. - Otis Skinner 100, Sapere
100, Armand 106,. Aransas 102, Illuminate 07,
Arak 07, Whltmore 07, Moroni 105, finished as
named. v . :. , ¦/ . . ' .¦ • ~
BUN. Itf THUNDERSTORM
SIXTH RACE — One mile; three-year-olds and
up; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ft Fin.
8 to 1— Shawana. l>5 (Aubuchon) 112 12
B to 1— Sweet Tone. »5 (Knapp) 2 2 5 2 10
Ito4— Witful, 110 (Larsen) 3 3 5 3 15
, Time, 1;*2 l-.V Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. Talbot Bros', ch. f. (3) by The Commoner-
Becky Sharp. Nanlan 00, Francis Yowell 00,
Pearl Diver 105, finished. as named.
Time. 1:15 4-5. Start Good. Won Handily.
Winner, J. F. Schorr's ch. h. (6) by Domirio-
Belle of Alaywood. Nervator 102, Hainault
1C4, Falernian 00. Poseur 110, finished as
named.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1— Olympian. 112. (Prior), .. 6 3 «4 1 1
1 to 2— Octan Dr»am, 101 (Lawr) 1 1 h 2 1
13 to 2— The Forum, 102 (Aubuch) 2 2 V. 3 '\Vt
FOURTH RACE: — Mile and a quarter; three
year-olds and up; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Colonial Girl. 100 (Pollak) 4 2 2 11
11 to 5— Bad News, 107 (Kelly).. 2 1 l',42 Va
4 to 1— McGee, 110 (Lawrence).. 7 4 2.35
Time. 2:0« 4-5. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. C. E. Rowe A Co.'s b. m. (5) by Meddler-
Springtide. Flo -Bob 05, Mons. Beaucaire 110,
Injunction 110, Judge Hime» 110, Glltain 107.
finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Mile and a sixteenth: four
year-olds and ur>: selline.
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
18 to 5— Harrison, 103 UNicol) 4 2 .'.'£1 1 %
3 to 2— Haviiond. 104 (Lawrence). 7 1 I»i2 n
5 to 2— Sambo. Ill (Crawford) . . .1 4 1 3 10
Time, 1:40 3-5.- Start cood. Won easily.
Winner, 8. C. Wagner's br. c. (4) by Free
Knighl-Nility. Omdurman 103, Early, Eve
102, Herrnencla .105. Censor 103. Ermack 08,
Marcos 103, finished as named.
SECOND RACE — Seven furlongs; three
year-olds; purse.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 10— Bearcatcher, 112 (LarsenH 1 % 1 1 *
60 to 1— Soufriere. 107 (Miller). ..8 4 2 2S
4 to 1— New M. Hay, 112 (Prior)l 3 h 3 Vj
Time, 1:28 2-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. T. G. Ferguson's br. c. by St. George-
Sallie McAllister. Merrv Pioneer 112. Fore
eight 117. Ananias 112. Tapiola 101. Peter J.
Somers 132, Great Eastern 112, finished ab
named.
CHICAGO, June 1.— The card pre
sented at 'Hawthorne to-day was an
unusually good' one; The feature
event was a purse affair at a mile and
a quarter, - for which Bad News was
favorite. The winner turned uo In
Colonial Girl,. which was given an ex
"cellent ride by Pollak. When. called
on in the stretch she responded game
ly, and crossed the winning line easily.
In the. second; race T. G. Ferguson's
Derby .colt, Bearcatcher, was easily
the best and won handily. Bearcatcher
was one of the .great three-year-olds
in California • last winter. His race
to-day was his third victory. There
was a. flash of eight to five against
Bearcatcher in the opening betting^
but ¦ the large amount of money : sent
Into the rlnsr forced the bookmakers
to cut his price to nine to ten by 'post
time. He is a bad actor, but got away
all right 'and went to the front and
stayed there. He won easily, by a
length from Soufrlere, a sixty to one
shot, 'which came with a rush in the
last furlong. New Mown Hay was
third, a half length back.
Johnny Dugan, a brother of jockeys
W. and -• Clint Dugan, was seriously
hurt at the track this morning. He
was galloping Mansard, when a stirrup
. broke and he slipped over to one side
and fell, j Mansard stumbled over him
and kicked him on' the head.
The track was still a trifle slow.
The weather was clear and warm and
the attendance good. Summaries:
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
selling. .
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. »4 Fin.
9 to 1— Sincerity Bell, 08 (Ntcol).4 3 2 In
13 to 5— Adore, 101 (Lawrence)... 5 2 & 2 %
7 to 1— Del Carina, 105 (Larsen)..7 4 1 Mn
Tlm». 1:03. Start good. • Won driving. Win
ner. M. D. Miller's ch. f. by Handsome-Sln
cerlty. Mart Gentry 00, Lillian Ayres .105.
Lady Monetise 90 Moorish Damsel 104, Allen
Avon 103. Anona' 96. Azelina 103, finished as
named. Dipper 97 left.
Both His Boxing Partners
Are Suffering From Effects
of Mixing It With Him
Pocatelli, Palo Alto, Barge,
Eichard Anton and Other
Noted Flyers A^e Entered
King Edward Is Among the
First to Congratulate M.
Eothschild on His Victory
Deutschland Defeats Jack
Young, Harmakis and
Taby Tosa at Delmar.
Mr. //Beach Arrives and
'"/Brings ; Tictqry to .Down
' trdddea Nine From North
NEW YORK, June 1.— Gravesend vis
itors were confronted with a heavy
track to-day and mud horses were in
great demand. There were only three
starters In the Carlton stakes—Montres
son, Ormonde's Right and Orthodox.
At the start Ormonde's Right was
rather slow . to move and was outrun
to the first turn. Montresson going to
the front. As Ormonde's Right wu
directly behind'hlm the Paget colt was
forced to run with more' or less slush
being thrown in his face. With Ortho
dox on his right hand side, Ormonde's
Right was in a pocket, and Lyne made
! a determined effort to rush. him up be
tween the rail and Montresson. Red
fern, however, let out a wrap and Or
monde's Right was cut off. At six
furlongs Orthodox was beaten, and then
Ormonde's Right was again sent on
after Montresson. At seven furlongs
R. T. Wilson Jr.'s colt was nearest the
rail and seemed running handily, but
soon thereafter Redfern shook him up.
I Then Lyne used the whip on his mount
and with both jockeys vigorously rid
ing their mounts Montresson won by a
length and a half, with Orthodox a poor
third, as his excessive knee action over
such a track presaged. The time,
1:43 1-5, was good on a heavy track.
Summary:
FIRST RACE— About six furlongs; mares;
three-year-ol<!» and up; purse: • .
Betting. Horse. WelKht. Jockey. St. % Fin.
I to 2— Beldame. 100 (ONelll) 3 2 2 11
5 to 1— Mamie Worth. 115 (Burns) 2 11 2 5
8 to 1— Graceful, 106 (Cochran). . .1 3 3 3 6
Time, 1:11. Start poor. Won cleverly. Win
ner. E. R. Thomas' ch. f. by Octagon-Bella
Donna. Ninkayuna, Commonetta, Lady Amelia,
Heatherdown, Alster, finished as named.
SECOND RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
20 to 1— BanSolph. 100 (Hennesey) 7 12 11%
5 to 1— Trepan, 101 (Phillips) 4 3 1 2%
13 to 1— Bob Murphy. 100 (Walsh) 8 2 n 3 2
Time. 1:01 1-5. Start bad. Won ridden out.
Winner. P. J. Gorman's b. c. by Mirthful-
Bermuda Dance. Lord Melbourne. Glisten,
Hyland, Wild Pirate, Nigrette, Monadnock,
Tol San, Trouville. Charles M. Wood, Dark
Planet, finished oa named.
THIRD RACE — Five furlongs; two-year-old
fillies: purse:
Betting. Horse. WelKht, Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 5— M. Gorman. 109 (»lirrsn).l 2 4 lh
2 to G — Belle Strome. lOO^tligns) 2 1 H 2 *&
15 to 1 — C. Hampton, 1C0 (Lyne).. 5 5 2 3 4
Time, 1 :02. Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner, P. J. Gorman's b. f. by Sir Dixon-Sallie
McClelland. Tyrollan, Dorothy Gray, St. Ann.
finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One mile; The Carlton
stakes, $5000; three-year-olds
Betting. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 5— Montresson. 118 (Redfn) 1 1 1%1 1H
II to 10— Ormd's Rght.llS (Lyn) 3 3 2 7.
16 to &— Orthodox, 118 (Shaw). 2 2 13
Time. 1:43 1-5. Start good. Won ridden
out. • Winner, R. T. Wilson's ch. c. by Orna
ment-Ala 11. Three starters.
FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
selling; two- year-olds.
Betting Horse. Weight, -Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 5— Astarisk 110 fCNeM). 3 1 H 1 3«
8 to 1— Gold Fleur. 107 (Lyne). 1 2 4 2 3H
30 to 1— Ike S. 110 (Ctrmack).. 0 5 2 3 6
Time. 1:10 1-5. Start bad. Won easily.
Winner, N. Bennington's b. c. by St. • Gallen-
Scarlet. First Born. Sailor Boy, Chippie
Thorpe. Galice. C. T. Nolan. J. H. O'Brien,
Gaylard. Jerry C, finished as named. ¦
SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
handicap: three-year-olds and up
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
11. to 10— Dk. Kendal.114 (Phlps) 1 1 1%1 %
12 to 5 — Wld Thyme.lOO fJ.Mtn) 2 2 1 2 V,
6 to 1— Hello, 103 (O'Neill). .. 4 - 4 3%
Time, 1:49 2-5. Start fair. Won' cleverly.
Winner. E. R. Thomas' br. c. by Sir Modred-
Duchess of ICendal. Stolen Moments also ran.
Carlton Stakes Won by Mon
tresson. Ormonde's Right
Finishing Second.
Bookmakers Are Forced to
Cut His Price Because
of Heavy Play.
NEW PITCHER
A REAL MASCOT
JEFFRIES HAS
AN OFF DAY
FLEET HOUNDS
IN COMPETITION
CHEERS GREET
DERBY WINNER
FERGUSON'S COLT, BEARCATCHER,
SCORES CLEVERLY AT HAWTHORNE
ROTHSCHILD'S ST. AM ANT IS FIRST FOR T H E EPSOM DERBY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/ THURSDAY, JUNE 2, 1904.
; INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., June 1.—
jack (Twin) .Sullivan was 'given the
decision at the end of ten rounds .of
terrific 'fighting with Mike Schreck of
Cincinnati ' to-night ; before . the ' Indian
apolis Athletic Association.
Twin Sullivan f Defeats SjcHreck.
NEW YORK, Jon* 1.— A compilation of new
lpcorporatloni in the Eastern Fta.tet with a
capital of fl.OOO.OOO or more shows that in
M*7 th«r . *ggr*tmx*& $132,000,000, which
•nwnm Is larcelr below th* totals of l»03.
1802 aad 1901. •
NEW YORK.- June l^A dozen
prominent athletes composing. the New
Y*rk Athletic Club team will start to
day/or St. Louis to compete in the
Artateur. Athletic Union champion
ships at the exposition. Among those
on th'e team are P. J. Walsh, cham
jflon 220-yard runner; Alexander
Grant, half-mile runner; W. McLana
han"a.nd IT. I*. Gardner, who will'com
pete in the pole vault; S* S. Jones,
high jumper; James S. Mitchell, ham
mer and weight thrower; Richard
Sheldon, who also will compete In the
Fl*ot put; John Dewitt, intercollegiate
hammer thrower; MahoneyJ Munson,
Pratt. Pilgrim and Ballantlne".
Team of Athlete* for St. Ixmis.
LONDON, June 1. — In the third
round of the amateur golf champion
ship contests at Sandwich to-day, H.
M. Cairnes beat Devereaux Emmett of
the Garden City. N. Y., Golf Club by
five up and four to play. ' H. E. Reade
beat W. W. Burton, the American, by
nine up, and eight to play. Walter J.'
Travis, the American champion, beat
R. Graham Murray, son of the Sec
retary for Scotland, by three up and
one to play. Travis started moderate
ly, but drew level at the sixth hole. He
took the lead at the seventh with two
grand straight shots to. the edge of the
green. At the turn Travis . stood | one
up. He won the eleventh and halved
the next three. Superior putting gave
him the fifteenth. ,The next was
halved and a - win at the seventeenth
gave Travis the match j .; >
F. Williamson beat E. M.Byers, the
American, at the" nineteenth hole. Tra
vis, therefore, Is the only American
left in the cotatest. , . :
To-morrow Travis will meet H. H.
Hilton and other survivorr
10
ADVERTISEMENTS* • .•
iOIHTS AHDMUSCLES SWOLIEH AHD STIFF 1%^^%
A disease so painful and far-reaching in its effects' \Sl^sr' *J "
•upon the human system as Rheumatism, must have a deep i§^'*^i?* I
and well-laid foundation. It originates and develops \n B^P* /
the blood, and, like other diseases of the blood, is fre- '^if^fe'^'k^
quently inherited. The poisonous acids with which the
blood is charged circulate through the system, breaking
down the health, irritating ° ¦ta*^-
thenerves, settling in joints x ha j | a M att2fo m ffi&Tffi^Hk.
and muscles, and causing the tism. I was laid up in bod for six months, and tho
sharp, cutting pains peculiar ldS^TeS^KJk^S <E8& Th «Tcl>an«ed med-
to Rheumatism": Unless the ~^^^^^^ a iUfttKS22S
blood is purified, joints and Sib2w n join?f *w- t^? uso ol » s ' s - s i M^ kn »« » nd
muscles become coated with ffiZ*3?&K^Vffig^'$^3g£
the acrid matter and are ren- l^^f?Kf d wh8 » J beran S. s. s.,.but as f saw i«
Idered stiff and sore, and the w"l h rna P n. tte . c «^«d.*^ to-day » m «,onnd,
! nerves completely wrecked. 1355 Mt. V«mon Ave. r. h. CHAPMAN.
Rheumatism, being a constitutional blood disease, requires internaltreat-
ment. Liniments, plasters and such things as are applied outwardly", give
S ! >^^ onl y temporary relief. S.S.S. is tfce recognized great-
fC^ C 1^^* est of a11 blood purifiers and tonics, and in no disease"
J^N>^V d . oes it act so promptly and beneficially as Rheuma-
sm » neutral izing^ the acids and restoring the blood
mm^ to a pure, healthy condition and invigorating and
toning up the nerves and all parts of the system. It is guaranteed strictly
vegetable. ' Wnte us should you desire med'ical advice, which will . cos^ you
nothinff - THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA.
the owl.* McooNinm BAJA CALIFORNIA
Panama and Felt Hatters Damiana Bitters
L. & CO. |b a gijleat kestorativs, intxgoka-
Srs 's^^zr&s^ 0^ y -KsSH^^
Charge. U WICM3IN3 & CO.. • "^TbSr. Ju^T i*X«CV1B* A^f" 1 **-
1222 HOWARD STREET, bet. 8Ux and »th. I ssd ?*££$ "tS CuSS^iTime Ball.
Branch Hydrographie Office, C. S. N., Mer- 1
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
June 1. 19C4. )
The Tlm« Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day— I
I. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at Si
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. la cbax»«. I
Steamer. - For. I Sails. I
Dlrlgo Skagway & Way Ports. June 1
Senator. Nome June 1 I
Oregonr.:.... Nome June. 1
Excelsior Valdez & Way Porta.. June 1
Olympia Nome-* .St. Michael. .. June 2
Garonne Nome ft Golovln Bay.. June S
Dolphin ! Skagway A Way Ports. June 3
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael... June 4
Victoria Nome June 4
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Juno 5 i
Farallon Skagway & Way Porta. June 8 i
J. Dollar Valdea tt Seward June 8
Bertha Valdez & Way Ports.. June li»
Tamplco Nome A St. Michael... June 12 [
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Porta. June 12 j
Valencia Nome [June 14
FROM SEATTLE.
¦Wednesday, June 1.
. U B stmr Sheridan, Peabody, Manila.
Br stmr Doric, Smith, Hongkong, Yoko
hama and Honolulu.
Br stmr Wyefleld, Watson. Comox,- B. C,
via Nanalmo. . •
Stmr Ilwaco. Lefflngwell. Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr F. A. Kllburn, Jahnsen, Port nodgers
Stmr Chehalis, Martin, San Pedro.
Stmr Spokane, Thomas, Seattle. '
Stmr George W. Elder, Randall, Portland
and Astoria.
Btmr Arcata, Nelson. Coos Bay. -
SAILED.
Wednesday. June 1.
Br stmr Doric. Smith, Hongkong and Yo
kohama, via Honolulu; O.A O s S Co.
Strnr Spokane. Thomas, Seattle; P C S S CO.
Stmr State of California. Nicolson, San Die
go: P C 8 S Co.
Br stmr Wyefield, Watson, Comox, b. C.
via Nanaimo; Western Fuel Company, ¦ '; '
Wednesday, June 1.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, 17 hours from Eu
reka. • • -
Stmr Brunswick. Ellefsen, 13 hours from
I'irt Bragg.
Stmr F. A. Kllburn. Jahnsen, 7 hours from
Port Rodders.
Stmr Chehnlls, Martin. 50 hours from- Grays
Harbor, bound south,- called In for pansenger*.
Stmr Brooklyn, Johnson, 15 houm from Men
docino.
8tmr Newport. Sandberg. 20 days 22 hours
from Panama, via Mazatlan r> days 14 hours.
8tmr Hwaco, Leffingwell, 3 hours from
PiseOn Point. ¦ ¦ ' ¦.
Bktn John/ Smith. Wick, 0 days from Port
land. Uo r»v«r direct.
Brig W. G. Irwin, Hanten, 10 days from
Roche Harbor.
. CLEARED.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED,
Iieyland Bros. Rate Advances.
> The rate^of reinsurance on the British ship
Leyland Brfls. was advanced yesterday to 25
per cent. She Is out 130 days from Newcastle,
Australia, for Sallna Cruz. No other changes
were made on the overdue board.
•
Water Front Notes.
The Oceanic feteamfchlp < Company's liner
Sonoma, outward bound, arrived yesterday at
Honolulu. The Ventura, coming this way and
due here Monday, left Honolulu May :U.
The Pacific Cca*t Steamship Company's
Bpokane, Captain Thomas, sailed yesterday for
Seattle, from which port she will sail June T
for Southeastern Alaska on the first of her six
summer excursion trips.
Tbe ateamshlp Coptic. Captain Armstrong,
the next Oriental liner due here, galled yes
terday from Yokohama. ,'
Tony Walgreen, a sailor oh- the steam
schooner Brunswick, lying yesterday at Union
street wharf, /was struck by a sling load of
shingles, sustaining a fractured leg. His in-
TO SAIL.
Major Van VHet of the third squad
ron of the Tenth Infantry returned
from the Rodeo rifle range yesterday.
Major William Black took his place
at the ranffe there with four com
panies of the Thirteenth Infantry from
Fort Mason, Fort McDowell and the
discharge camp.
The news that Lieutenant William
B. Aikeri had been punished by a
sentence of dismissal from the army
by the court-martial which tried him
was received without surprise by the
•.•lrrny officials here. Breach of arrest
is the most serious offense an officer
can commit in the army. There is
only one sentence — dismissal. Wheth
er the President has approved of this
sentence is not made apparent by the
dispatch from Washington. The trial
of Lieutenant George S. Richards Jr..
who was accused of having duplicated
his pay accounts, from present ap
pearances, is destined to cover a long:
period. It Is reported that a large
amount of evidence is to be brought
over from Manila. It is being accu
mulated now.
Captain Cook was a graduate of
West Point, but resigned. When the
Spanish-American war broke out he
re-entered the army. H*e has recently
been in the Subsistence Department at
Omaha.' By reason of his disgraceful
actions while here it looks as if there
is a probability that. he will have to
answer to a court-martial.
prietqr with having stolen his watch,
$200 in money and a lot of valuable
papers. He kicked up a further dis
turbance. The watch was found upon
his person and his money was after
ward discovered where he had left it
in a resort on Grant avenue. The
following morning in the Police Court
he received a tremendous scoring
from Judge Mojan and was fined $10.
GRADUATE OF WEST IX) I NT.
The American bark Holliswood, Captain
Knight, U making a 4ong paiMge from New
castle Australia, for this port. She is now
out ninety-six days. . As she has a reputation
for speedy sailing and Is loaded with coal .her
arrival Is being looked for with some anxiety.
The Pactflc Mail Company's eleamshlp New
port, Captain S. Sanriberg, arrived yesterday
from Panama and way pcrts. She brought
fifty passengers, l«20 ton* of cargo and treas
ure valued at $21.'.»30. Captain William A.
Irvine, who wti In command of the Colon when
she struck Remedies reef and received injuries
whli-li necessitated beaching her at Acajutla,
wliert she became a total loss, returned on
the Kewport. Captnln Irvine declined to dis
cuss' the loss of the Cclon. rnylnu that he
preferred to reserve whatever of explanation,
comment or excuse he mlsht have to make
for the United StateR Inspectorg at the official
Investigation, which' will be held soon.
The Newport came Into port In lier usual
tpick and span condition. Her passengers in
cluded the following named :
If. ,K" •Sandborn. Kdlth M. Donaldson, A.
K Dona'ldscn, A. Meyer. Rafael Gulrola, Ro
terta Gulrola. Maria Delgado. Robert E. Jud
son. Morris J. Enbrlght, Rafael Rorao. Seth
Alien. A. M. Donaldson. A. Wallace,- Manuel
Son. C. Gulrola, V. Gulrola. Salvador Sel.
Captain William A. Irvine. William Kennedy.
P. de Galan, C. Donaldson. A. M. Donaldson,
ti. H. Hartrr, Pedro Pon. Cordelia de Gulrola,
Servando Sel. Enrique Bates. P. Schwartz.
•
Making Long Passage.
Hongkong— H. S. Aarons, I*. S. Andes, J.
C Barnard J. F. Bell, N. Bents. J. W. Cline,
W. H Gibbons. B- W: Hulse. M. M. Johnson,
J B. Leiber*. C. H. Meeker. Mrs. C. H.
Meeker. E. M. Miller, A. O. G. Munkhous*.
Mrs. A O. G. Munkhouse. Bruce Richardson,
Mrs. II.' A Rf«K». R. H. Shaffer. G. B. Blegel,
P. A. Ekattebol. J. L. Sternfield. Mrs. F. L.
Strong. M. L. Thompson. P. P. Thompson. Mrs.
*H. Thompson and child, J. K. Wilson, G. E.
Wolf.
Joins at Honolulu— Victor Oltman.
Newport Arrives From Panama.
For Yokohama — Dr. Gustave Baron, J. DnnF
qutt H. E. Daunt. Captain M. D. Garcia.
John Laffin. Dr. S. Letona. Colonel V. del
Sclar F. Strahler. Mrs. F. f trahler and child.
Kobe — Mrs. J. W. Coffin, • W. McS. ¦ Buchan
an, Mrs. W. McS. Buchanan and two children.
Fhanchal— Miss F. E. Smith.
Captain M. D. Garcia or the Argen
tine navy and Colonel V. del Solar of
the Chilean army, who have been de
tailed to represent their Governments
with the Japanese forces, sailed on
the Doric.
The passengers included the follow
ing named: .
Lee Chuck, the insane Chinese mur
derer, who was brought here from
Agnews to be deported, did not .sail
yesterday on the liner Doric and will
mere than likely have to be returned
to the asylum, where he has been de
tained since 1SS>2. Lee Chuck, who was
once a member of the notorious "'Little
Pete's" bodyguard, was pardoned by
Governor Pardee on condition that he
be deported. Neither Chinese nor Jap
anese authorities, however, will allow
an Insane person to be landed at any
of their ports, and knowing this, aware
that if they brought him back to San
Francisco the authorities here would
not receive him, and not anxious- to
provide permanent quarters on the
Doric for the demented Celestial, the
steamship company refused to receive
Lee Chuck as a passenger. As matters
stand there is no way of getting Lee
Chuck back to China until he dies, and
as no other country will take him the
Governor's pardon will avail nothing
and Lee Chuck will continue to be a
burden upon the commonwealth.
The Doric sailed yesterday with a
full cargo, 45 cabin passengers and 120
Chinese, of whom 75 were deported.
This is the largest number of deporta
tions made on one steamer for many
months.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PORT SAID— Arrived May 30— Br «tmr
Knight Commander, from New York, for Ma
nila.
ROTTERDAM— Soiled May 27 — Fr bark
Guethary. for San Francisco.
CORONEL— Sailed May 14— Ger atmr Ram
ses, for San Francisco.
Arrived June 1— Htmr Callfornfan, from Hon
olulu, and tails June 2 for Delaware Break
water.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 31— Br ship Hut
ton Hall, hence. Jan 1.1..
SAGUEB— Passed May 14 — Ger stmr Abydoc.
from Hamburg, for San Francisco. -
VALPARAISO— Balled May 14— Ger atmr
Mene«, ¦ for Hamburg.
Sailed June 1— Ger stmr Totmes, for San
Frtfncltco.
CLYDE— Arrived May 15 — Br stmr Oanfa,'
from Tacoma. Returns to Puget Sound.
HONGKONG— Arrived May IA— Br itmr Cal
chas, from Liverpool, for Puget Sound.
Sailed May 22 — Stmr Shawmut. for Tacoma.
Arrived prior June 1 — Br stmr Chlng Wo.
from: Oreson.
CHERBOURG— Sailed May 23 — Fr bark
BIdart for Ean Francisco.
WALMER— Passed Mny.30— Fr bark Join
vine from Shield*, for San Francisco.
LEITH— In port May lf^-Br «hlp Eva Mont
gomery." for ; Fr bark La Tour d'Au
vergne, for Puget Sound. .
KOBE — In port May 0 — Jap stmr Kanag
awa Marut for Puget Sound. ¦
Sailed June 1— Br schr M. S. Dollar, for San
Francisco.
RANGOON— Arrived May 14— Br etmr Ping'
Suey. from Vancouver, for Liverpool.
PANAMA— Arrived May. 22— Stmr City of
Panama, hence. Apr 30.
- TENERIFFE— Arrived May 14— Ger stmr
Hathor from Hamburg-, for San Francisco.
VICTORIA— Arrived May 31— Br stmr Em
press of Japan, from Yokohama; «chr Susie
M Plurnmer, from San Pedro.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived June 1— Fr bark
Jean, hence Feb 2. • ¦
TAKU— Sailed May -31— Schr Annie E.
for Karatsu. . •
r ACAPULCO— Sailed May 31— Stmr City of
Para, for San Francisco; stmr Peru, for Pan
ama.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived May 81— Stmr
Texan, from Hllo; Br ehlp Leicester Castle,
from Dublin; Br bark Highlands, from Van
couver.
NEW YORK-r-Arrlved May 31— Stmr City
of WaebinRton. from Colon.
EASTERN PORTS.
Arrived June 1 — Br Btmr Coptic, from Hong
kong and Yokohama; Btmr Sonoma, hence May
2fl. for Sydney.
Arrived June 1 — Bark Santiago, hence
May 18.
HONOLULU— Sailed June 1— Br stmr Man
uka, for Vancouver. B. C. ; stmr Ventura,
for Pan Francisco; schr Helene. for San Fran
cisco.
SAN PEHRO— Arrived June 1— Stmr South
Bay, from banta Barbara: stmr Prcntlss, from
Eureka: *chr Manila, from Portland.
Sailed June 1— Stmr Co*iuille River, for San
Francisco.
BANDON— Sailed June 1 — Schr Nellie and
Crc*sle, for Port Orford.
ALBION — Sailed June 1 — Schr Esther Buhne,
for Honolulu.
REDONDO — Sailed June 1 — Stmr Noyo, for
San Francisco. N
ISLAND PORTS.
TATOOSH — Parsed outward June 1 — Stmrs
Centennial and Mackinaw from Seattle, for
San Francisco: stmr San Mateo, from Tacoma.
for Sr.n Francisco.
Passed Inward June 1 — Stmr City of Puebla.
htnee May 30, fr,r Victoria. B. C.
SANTA BAniiARA— Sailed June 1— Stmr
Santa Rosa, for San Francisco.
PORT ANGELES— Sailed June 1— Schr Su
ele M. Plummcr, for Victoria.
POUT TOWNSEND— Sailed June 1— 8chr
Gamble for South Africa.
Passed June 1— Bktn Willie R. Hume, from
Ban Pedro.
VENTURA— Arrived June 1— Schr Fannie
Dutard, from Grays Harbor.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived June 1— Schr
Kona. hence May 15.
PORT LOS ANGELES — Arrived June 1 —
Schr S. T. Alexander, from Tacoma.
BALLARD^-Arrlved May 31— Schr Oliver J.
Olnen. hence May 17.
EUREKA— Arrived June 1— Stmr Corona,
hence May 31.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed June 1— Stmr
Santa Cruz, .for San Francisco; stmr Bonlta,
for fan Pedro.
COOS BAY— Arrived June 1— Bktn Tam
O'Shantcr, hence May 12.
Sailed June 1— Stmr Alliance for San Fran
cisco.
TACOMA— Arrived June 1— Schr Carrier
Do\e. from San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Sailed May 31— Stmr Ljra for
Hongkong; rtmr Humboldt. for Skagway.
Arrive May .11— Htmr Dolphin, from Skag
way. Jun» 1— Stmr Hyion. from Hongkong,
via Victoria.
Arrived June 1— Schr Alice McDonald, from
San Pfdro. ¦ ¦»
Sailed June 1, 5:50 p m— Stmr Tacoma, for
Nome.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed June 1— Schr Chal
lenger, for San Francisco.
SAN tHEGO— Sailed June 1— Stmr Iaqua, for
San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND- Arrived June 1— Bktn* Che
halls, hence May IS.
UMPQUA— Arrived May 2S — Stmr San Ga
briel, from San Pedro.
ASTORIA— Sailed June 1— Stmr Aberdeen,
for San Francisco.
Arrived June 1 — Stmr Chlco, hence May 2S.
Arrived May 31— IJktn Gl«aner, hence May
17: bktn George C Perkins has arrived
Sailed June 1 — Stmr Columbia, for San Fran
cleco; Kchr Irene, for Honolulu.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LCROS. Jvne 1. 10 p. m.— Weather
cloudy; wind west; velocity. S miles per hour.
Schr Newark, helnertsen. Stewarts PoJnt.
Schr Charles R. Wilson Johnson, Grays Har
bor.
Schr Guide, Olsen. Grays Harbor.
TKLF.GRAPHIC.
Slmr Arctic, Nelson, Kureka.
Htmr Scotia, Johnson, Howens Landing.
Stmr National City, Hammer, Fcrf Bragg,
with barge Tidal Wave In tow.
Stmr Gualala. Panzer. Benders Landing.
Stmr Pasadena. Henricksen, Eureka.
The steamer Moriposa, which sailed on Sun
day for Tahiti, curried Bn assorted merchandise
cargo, valued at J3S.320 and including the fol
lowing:
li:w bbls flour, 8012 lbs bran, fl.1 ctls wheat.
21)3 ctls barley, 10,550 lbs salt. 26!) cs canned
52 jikgs pickled salmon, 3tiO7 gals wine. 55 pkgs
b«r. 87«4 lb« sugar. 173 cs assorted canned
goods. 4t,8iifl lbs rice. 164 pkgs groceries and
provisions. 11.14S lbs Beans. 11) cs eggs. 35 pkgs
innate* ur.d onions, 2108 lbs lard, 2O.S.V5 lbs
4 c« bread. ICtil lbs codfish. 827 lbs chfeno, l>
pkgg paKte. 511 lbs ham and bacon. 170V lbs
coffee, ,20 pkKs -fresh vegetables, ,ej) fresh
fruits. 150.* lbs fresh meat. 1C5.04S ft .ISO pes
and "MX hols lumber, 140 bdls shlnple*. 17 pkua
w;ii.-on material. 144 bxs soap, 17 cs boots and
shoes, 108 pkgs drugs and pumlrU-*. 87 pkg*
drues. 21.12 bd!s (hooks, 10 bbls lime. 27 colls
rope. 7ft pkps paints and 0lln, 45 pkgs nails,
10 bales twine. 12 pkgs agricultural Imple
ment*. 13 cs arma and ammunition. 21 pkits
machinery. 12 c» coal oil, 72 bdls etecl and
iron. $0 pkgs millwork, 50 bdls lath. 15 bales
sacks.
The BInriposn'fi Cargo.
To Korea— 3000 lbs butter. 5 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 9 bars steel. '.', pkgg drj'Boods.
To Formosa — 1040 !ba tea. 2 pkgs drygoods.
To Siam — 1 pkg machinery. 1 pkg saddttry.
To Manila — 4K50 lbs bread. 7!)0 <s condensed
milk. 50 cs soap, 40 bxs candles, S pkgs
bicycler and sundries. 2 ukgs wagon material.
To East Indie*— 182 cs canned salmon, 3'J.l
cs canned goods, 7 pkgs groceries and pro
vlnlons. ."'pkgs wagon material.
To Japan— 6017 steel rail*. 174 bxs 105 pes
stcrl railroad material, 02U pkgs bar st*el.
253.2S3 lbs tan bark. 10 bbls oak extract, 11C0
cs alcohol. 272 rolls 20 cs leather, 220,706 lbs
pig lead. 215 pkgg machinery. 132 bxs soap. 13
pkKS drugs, 137 pkrs paints, 16 pkgs rubber
goods. 1541 lbs cuscara sagrada, 7<>7 pkgs
blcyclee ar.d parU, 47 pkgs electrical *upplles,
10.0M lbs sheet lead, 10U pkgs building ma
terial, f.o.r.io lb» soda ash. .14 pes structural
iron, 20 ctls oats, 13 cs whltky, <:s.', lbs meals.
340 lbs lard, 275 cs canned k"<x!«. S5(» lbs ham
and bacon. 513 lbs butter, 730 lbs sugar, G03
gain wine, 32 pkgs table preparations, 22 pkgs
gr-^erir-s and provisions.
To China — 9024 bbls flour, 12,13(1 lbs cheese,
12,1"5 lbs oearl barley, ::::.in lbs meals 9*0 lbs
codfish. 3bO:i lbs coffte, 1318 cs canned goods,
1C8 pkgs groceries and provisions, 34 pkgs
table prcpa rations. TO") lbs sugar lit: pkgs
fi-o«h fruits. .".CO lbs raisins, 4330 lbs ham and
bacon, 1133 lbs dried fruit, .10 cs canned talmon,
M7 gals rcm, 3173 gals wine, 11 cs liquors,
052 lb« beans. h2,75tf lbs 'dried fish. 17fi.J lbs
butter. l«2o Ibf lord. 187.34S lbs leaf tobacco.
.12.3SS lbs 274 c* manufactured tobacco, 7 bales
rubber hose,. 15 pkes drugs and sundries, 11 rs
arms end ammunition, 32 pkgs electrical sup
plljs. 2S pkgs machinery, 11 pkgs drygoods, SO
rolls leather. 12.'il bxs roap.
The steamer Doric sailed yesterday for
Hontr Kong via Honolulu and Yokohama with
a general merchandise cargo valued at $350, 4.U,
exclusive of treasure.- to be distributed as fol
lows: For Japan, J2C0.97S; China, fl34,7SS;
Manila. $7882; East Indlts, $1171: Korea, $1230;
Formosa, $S37; £lam, $lsi. The leading ex
perts were as follows:
3Iatters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping, Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN'.
At the mcetinc of the State Board of Har
bor Commissioners yesterday the chief en
jrlneer submitted his estimates for pier 44,
PctlOc Mail deck. It Is n-jnred that th? p!er
will cost *I9S.3C0 and the *hpd 572,300. a tout
of . $270,800. Consideration of the plans was
deferred. The board received the Santa Fe
lentes, the company having acceded to the
terms designated by the commission. The com
peny pays $00,000 for Central Ba*ln wharves
for a period of fifty-eight months. The sum
of $»fl,t;!)7 is tho rental for little Main stren
wharf for nlnety-slx months. The expense
of constructing the wharves was met by the
com pan:*.
Harbor Commission Meet*.
j'.:ry was attended at the Hnrbor Hospital by
Dr. Kuclch.
An exhibition of the working of
water tower No. 3 and battery No. 2
of the San Francisco Fire Department
took place yesterday morning on Bay
street, between Stockton and Powell.
The exhibition *as for the purpose of
showing ex-Chief Hugh Bonner of the
Manila Fire Department and former
Chief of the New York Fire Depart
ment the rapidity with which the wa
ter tower and. battery could be
| brought to bear upon a fire. Accom-
I panied by Commissioner Parry, Chief
j Bonner later drove along the water
j front and visited the corporation yard
end repair shops. ¦
Chief Bonner Views Drill.
AMERICAN BARK HOLLISWOOD. WHICH IS MAKING A LONO PASSAGE FROM NEWCASTLE. AUSTRALIA. FOR THIS PORT.
SHE IP REPORTED A FAST SAILER AND THE FACT THAT. SHE IS LOADED WITH COAL ADDS TO THE DESIRE FOR
HER SPEEDY ARRIVAL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
June 2.
S. Barbara. Loa Angeles Ports. 12 m Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am|Pier i:i
ATgo ' Eel River Ports... 4 pmlPier 2
St. Paul ' Nome & St. Michael 2 pnvPler 20
State of Call San Diego & Way. 9 amjPler 11
Porno I Pt. Arena & Albion 0 pro 'Pier 2
June 3. (
Czarina.... Coos Bay direct... 5j>m|PIer S
Iaqua Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt- l:3Op'Pier 9
S.Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Tier 2
June 4. j
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pmlPier 2
Cooj Bay... San Pedro & Way. » aiti'Pier 11
Alameda... Honolulu {11 arA;P!er 7
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. Ill ami Pier 9
City Sydney N. Y. via Panama.112 rnlPier 40
Serapis...-. Hamburg & Way. .| 12 m'Pler 19
Jane 5. I I
North Fork. Humboldt I 5 pmlPier 2Q
Alltance..., Eureka & Coo« Bay 0 am|Pler HI
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 0 amfPler 11
Jane 6. (
Centralla... Los Ar.gelcs Ports. 10 amIPier 10
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am'pler i»
Corona Humboldt l:3Op!Ptcr O
San Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm|Pier 2
Jane 7.
C. Nelson.. Nome & Teller Pier —
Curacao.... Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
June &
Valencia... Nome via Seattle.. 11 amIPier 0
Rainier.... Seattle ft Brllnshm 4 pm'Pler 10
Bonlta Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pmjPier 20
.Centennial. Wlllapa Harbor 4 pmlPier 2t>
Sequoia.... Newport * Way... 9 amIPier 11
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 10 amjPler 13
Juno 9. I
Queen Puget Sound Pcrts. 11 am Pier 9
Jane 11. !
G. TV. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 amIPier 2*
Siberia China & Japan I 1 pm[Pler 40
Newport.... N. Y. via Panama.|12 mjPler 40
j Steamer. i From. Due.
StrapU I Seattle '. June . 2
City Peking.. New York via Panama. [June 2
Tellus J: Oyatcr • Harbor (June 2
Santa Cruz... I San Pedro & Way Pts. Jane 2
North Fork. . I Humboldt '. June 2
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. June 2
Santa Rota.. San Diejro & Way Pts. June 2
S, Barbara...' Seattle & Olympia June 2
, Iaqua San Pedro JJune 3
Centennial... Seattle & Taccm* IJune 3
Alliance Portland & Way Porf.-iJune r.
Columbia Portland & Astoria IJune 3
San Pedro.... Humboldt !June 3
Del None Crescent City June ¦ 3
Santa Monlcu San Pedro June 3
Rainier Seattle A Belllngham.. June 3
Corona Humboldt 'Jur» 4
SanMatco... Tacoma (June 4
Tltanla Nanalmo June 4
Mackinaw... Tacoma IJune 4
Valencia Puget Sound Ports IJune 5
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. IJune 5
Kureka Humboldt IJune .1
O. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor [June 5
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor June 5
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports. IJune tf
State of Cal... fan Dlefto & Way Pts. [June tt
Centralla Grays Harbor Uune.tJ
Arca'a.. Coos Bay A Pt. Orford. IJune tf
Porno Point Arena * Albion, j June 7
Pomona Humboldt (June 7
Arso Eel "River Ports June 7
City Para I New York via Panama. June 8
G. W. ElUer.. Portland & Ajtorla June 8
Coptic China & Japan June 9
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts.|June »
Aigoa China & Japan June 10
CltyPuebla.. Fuget Sound Ports [June 10
TO ARRIVE.
One of the Largest Reptile Specimens
of the- Mcsozoic Age Found
In Wyoming.
CHEYENNE. Wyo., June 1.— TV. B.
Kead, paleontologist of the University
of Wyoming, reports the discovery in
Carbon County of the fossil remains of
a brontosaur, which i3 the largest ever
unearthed.
Movements of Steamers.
SCIENTISTS DISCOVER
A GIANT BRONTOSAUR
NORTON, Kans., June 1.— A tornado
struck the little town of Selden, west
of Norton on the Rock Island Railway,
demolishing a church and five dwell
ings and destroying much farm prop
erty. A funeral service was being con
ducted In the church at the time and
SO Opersons were in attendance. A dozen
persons were hurt, none seriously.
Storm Demolishes Several Buildings,
¦ I n< •lml his Church Where Ser
vices Arc Being Held.
FUXER^VIi INTERRUPTED
BY FURIOUS TORXADO
Th<? Archbishop was born in England
and went with his parents to New Zea-
Itnd when a child. He was the first
New Zealand youth to study for the
priesthood. When 16 years of age he
went to Europe to continue his studies
and visited various countries. In 1874
he was appointed Bishop of Wellington
by Plus IX and in 1SS7 was created
Archbishop of Wellington by Leo XIII.
Archbishop Redwood intends Jour
neying shortly to St. Louis to see the
groat World's Fair and will then pro-
I ceed to Rome, where he makes an offl
¦ clal visit, a visit ad llmina, every ten
I years.
In JMM Lea Anffelea was what Uedlands
might t>e to-day. Th* rhanre u such tha? I
could not re<-.?*i;ire the beautiful city. The
change In remarkable. Where there were r-'sl
i^ice«t l found business altes. I was highly
pieneed with thj oracte country and its e\l
t>ct prr^perity. And Fresno! There Is an
other cvioenc* of treat rrowth and there U
Bho-s-n what a oaradise can com? out of a
d -wr* by lrnration. Fre»no, by the way.
hae the finest croo of cranes this season it
ha* ever known. The promlne Is that it will
b» the r:cord crop. I never nir «uch a rich
end abundant rrowth.
San prirticUeo ha» llkswlne crown to eplen
dlu rror>ortlonii and her buildings are truly
magnificent. I can hanlty realise that such
change* were possible— chanee* showing such
material pro/ire«s and nro*;>er.lty.
The Richt Rev. Francis Redwood,
Archbishop of Wellington, New Zea
land, who arrived May 15 on the Sono
ma, is a guest of the Paulist Fathers
and is being entertained at the St.
Mary's (Paulist) Church rectory by the
superior and rector. Father H. H. Wy
man. He has Just returned to the city
from a trip through the southland.
Archbishop Redwood is not a stran
ger to America, having paid the United
States visits in 1893 and 1896. The dis
tinguished preiate. speaking of th«
wonderful changes he has noted during
his travels through the State, said:
CHEYENNE, Wyo., June 1.— Word
has Just reached this city of a terrific
flood -which swept down the valley of
Horse Creek. 30 miles north of Chey
enne, yesterday afternoon. The flood
followed a tremendous fall of rain
about the headwaters of the creek and
within a short time the creek was j
transformed into a torrent from 200 I
yards to half a mile in width. It is
said that the damage to ranch prop- j
erty will be immense. There is no re- j
port of loss of life. i
WILLIAM EUBANKS, range rider.
"Woodruff was foreman or the Circle
Cattle Outfit and was drowned while
fording Silver Creek, a tributary of
Green River. His horse was swept
from Its feet and rolled over on him,
fracturing his skull and rendering him
incapable of making a fight for life.
His body was recovered. Eubanks was
drowned in Green River while running
a bunch of horses through the stream
near Burns postofflce. His body and
that of his horse were swept away and
have not been recovered. £
GREEN RIVER, Wyo., June 1.—
Floods in the Green River and tribu
taries have cost at least two lives ar.d
much damage to property. A mes
senger has Just arrived here with news
from the Inundated district. It is his
opinion that the death Hat may be
greatly increased when complete re
ports come In. The known dead are:
FRANK WOODRUFF, range rider.
Prelate Is Guest Here of
the Paulist Fathers and
Leaves Shortly for Home
The transport Sheridan sailed
promptly- at noon yosterOay for Man
ila, via Honolulu and Guam. She had
a royal send-off. A big crowd of of
ficers and civilians were on the dock
to- bid rood- by to friends. As the
• transport, swung out into the stream
the recruit's on board sang the "Sol-'
dier's Farewell," which wns greeted
wfth great checrir.g and applause by
'those left behind .on th€- wharf.
• Trbminent among the passengers was
. General F. M. -Coxe. who goes to Hono
.lulu to benefit his health. Major J. R.
Williams also was a passenger, having
been assigned to Manila t-o report for
-duty there. >
Then there was a little coterie com
• posed of Major Frank' de L. Carring
.ton. Captain Frank A. CooS and Lieu
. tenant F. B. Seilsov., all of .whom have
brought themselves "into notoriety by
i.heir recVnt actions.
.- Major Cafrlngton went on board the
transport .early in the morning of de
parture," but was entirely 'lost to view
until the steamer had pulled out into
the stredm, when he appeared for a
ihoment on the upper deck. Lieutenant
Neilson, wfc<? was reprimanded by Gen
eral -MacArthur and lowered several
•fiU-s by the-' court-martial which tried
¦ him. goes out to Manila to report there
•to the c-ommanfling officer arjd after he
¦ has received, his assignment he •will
be -confined, to his quarters for four
•months.
• LJST OF PASSENGERS.
.. Following is the list of passengers:
Certain Charles C. -Dallou. Fifteenth Infan
try; Captain James W. Clinton.' Twelfth In-
Jkntry; Fim Lieutenant T. I>. Ncilson. Twelfth
¦Oya'.ry, Flm Lieutenant J. . S. Young Jr.,
I Tenth Ir.fa-ntry; First Lieutenant H. L. Lan
der! Artillery Ccrp*; Second Lieutenant John
H. i: ...'..>-. Ninth Cavalry; Second Lieutenant
. G. G. li. Hanna. Arti!l*rJ" Corp*: Albert L.
'.Wilier, oontrart surfteon. In command of T1U
recruit*; MIf* V. L. .Ritter and mother; Mrs.
¦J. Garrard. two daughter? "ami servant. Rev.
J. P. McQuaie* Mr». A. L. Conger. William
•H. Miller an} wife, Mr*. William H. Jordan
Jr., M:fs Kerrheval. Ml«s Mabel E. Moeher
and mother', Mrj.. O. H. B. Smith, two f i*ter!\
-•baby ahd - nurse: John D. Chase. V.'lllard
French; Captafn J. K. Cusack. wife, two chll
. drpn and r.urse; Lieutenant Colonel K. T.
ConiepyK meitrn and two bnye; Captain George
J. N<» garden, -wife and two boys; Captain C.
K. Humphrey Jr. and wife (Honolulu). K. C.
Miller. Mm. Wil'.lan It.. Davis; A. \V. Gilbert,
Tvlfe- and .:.'.:: t. > "a; •.;!:: Charles T. Doyd,
• Hrtradler General F. M. -Coxe and daughter,
Mrs. L. K. Crave*. Mrs. George Leroy
ISrvv n . asd thrve children. Mr». J. E. IlarU
.:•>¦• Mrs. M. J. Gro?5 and jwo grandchlliiren,
John I-. W«-'«senhasre:i and wife. Hy X. Clark,
tfajcr J. R. William? an<l "servant. Dr. t. L.
Be^XUa and Ftcretary. Dr. Alex Trautman,
MrV. Cliarle* .C. !'¦:! j end four' children. L.
F. !.r»rtin. W. 11. M«*e» and wife. Lieutenant
. A. C. G. WillJamF-Foote. C: H. Mann, F. W.
Hun-.j.Jirey, M<«= Ella C." -Jchnson/M-rs. Merrltt,
Huiinun an-1 wif*. Bernard Cofraa. Mrs. S.
E. M'jj»,'- Major F. d» L. <"jirrlnjrton' Mrs.
W. H. Bishop an-1 d.-.ught-r, Mr*. J. A. Plet
tus. E: W. IlAyaold*. Lieutenant L. C. Brln
,'«on- Jr., Mt* C A. Hawks and maid, Mrs. F.
ttadcr. Ca|>tain Cock F-. A., Melvln C. Har
' ri*. Mrf. Gccrs* W. IVn^on and two daush
tcn. Mrr. Charles Breuun and two children.
It W.. Hin<» John II. Chamber*. Gust Carl
"'wVn. Jinn W. Ha^iley. Jr>hn F. Cogan. Mr».
KffSe M. Knutt. Mr>. William Collins, Mr*.
X. XicJfel.anJ fcur children. Burr D. Jones.
M. A. Hart. Don C Fithlan. H.. M. Arndt.
Mrs. George It.- Martin, Mi*s Maud R<"ishaw,
Mrs. L..T. Derackin and child. Mr*. P. Car
. ter and tw6 cliilUren. H»rr>' Johnston. Felipe
Pus-ton. Gerva*io de. Gula. IX. Mavnrre, Rich
. ard Summer, Pilipl Losa, Samuel Jennieon,
tWCBty hoHj>ltal corps men, two signal eon>»
¦.men. >sven racualc.
-Thp Sheridan also, took $702,000 sil
. ver specie, $2,000,000 in silver cur
rency.and 400 tons of hay.
WILL INVESTIGATE UKAWL.
. General JIacArthur is- greatly
.wrought ur> over the incidents con
nected with the brawl' and .arrest of
Captain Frank A. Cook and is now.
investigating the matter in «rder to
determine wh:it steps he will take in
the premises.' Ca-ptain Cook belongs
to the t»ubsist:ence Department,- and
\vas on his way through here to Ma
nila. "While .taking in the town on
Tuesday " night he went into a well
. knov.h resort on the corner of O'Far
rell rtreet and 'Gra«it avenue and there
insisted on intruding his presence
'on several .sentlemen who were in
'dulging iiraijrivate conversation. His
manner became bo objectionable that
..the proprietor was obliged "to order
him 'out of the place. His language
then became so violen't that he was
forcibly ejected. He then beat upon
•the glass daors and tried to kick the
. door in. When ordered to desist he
"again Insisted upon entering the" sa
' loon, and the result was that a scrlm
-ir.age took place, "in which the Cap
tam got the: worst of it.' Not content
with- this, .he returned < shortly after
with an officer and accused the pro-
Captain Cook's Notorious
Brawl Will Be Investigat
ed by General HacArthur
OFFICER IN : TROUBLE
Streams Are Swollen and
List of Fatalities May
Increase at Later Day
TWO DEATHS EEPORTED
VISITS THE SOUTHLAND
Archbishop of Wellington
Einds That California
lias Progressed Greatly
Sheridan Departs for Philip
pines With Acquisitions
for Army of Uncle Sam
Loss to Life and Property
Along the Green River in
Wyoming Will Be Great
Neither Chinese Nor Japanese Government Permits Landing of
Insane Persons and, as Authorities Here Might Decline to
Receive Him Back, Steamship Company Will Take N6 'Chance
NOTES CHANGES
IN THE STATE
RECRUITS SAIL
ON TRANSPORT
FLOODS CAUSE
MUCH DAMAGE
LEE GHUCK, THE DEMENTED CELESTIAL,
IS REFUSED PASSAGE ON THE DORIC
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, -JUNE 2, 1904.
11
ADVEETISEMENTS.
J|||||il?Aii! tLvtQ
Positively cored try these'
Uttlo Pills. ;:*•;-: '-
They also reliere Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Ilecrty Eating. A per-
| Sxt remedy for Dizziness, TCacsca, Drowsl-
arss, Bad Taste ia the Mouth, Coated Tongce
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
| Regulate the Bawds.' Purely Vegetable.
i Small Pill. Small Dose,
i Small Price. __
! () visit DR. JORDAN'S qrcat^
dSSSEUH OF &HATOHY?
\ ' fcf "*** Laxtrnt Aaatniairal Muscun bi ih« \
(0 Ljfr» W"aeid. Ws<kr.t»m of Any r n;rKt>,t A
JgQI opcc:i ;>: on in- CciUL Ejt, j6 yean. ©
A &&&*'& D3. JQROAN-O'SEASES C» MEN 0
A P vU§1?»'y ConwttntMl free »r.d .vrictiy priT»re. \
f J f¥ rt D /*o»>f%'i Cmti ir tTc.jr u.-.-eurH!er;;«iri!. Y
A T a 11 S «'nn for BHk. rniLoturai «f A
V • a ft* OinuMCK, MAiLxa fxco. (ay
• \ fl ii T»iu»i is bank lof mrn) ' j.
t V DC JOBOAH * CO.. 103J JIarfcftMt..S. F. V
OCEAN TBAVEL...-
S£team«rs' lrave 'Broadway
wharves, piers 0 and 11.
San Franctaeo.
For Ketchlkan. "Wrans*!.
Juneuu. Hainea. Skaguay.
etc., Alaska — 11 a. rri. Jun*
4. 9. 14. 19. 24. JtiJy 5.
Chance to Company's steam-
er* at Seattle.
For Victoria. .Vancouver.
Port Town3end. Seattle. Tacotr.a, Kveret;.
Bollinrham — 11 a: m.. June 4. 9. 14. .19. 24.
Ju!y &. Change at Seattle t» this company's
st->anv-rs for Alaska an.! G. N. Ks ; . ; fct S^attiu
or Ta-.-Jina to N. P. Ry.i at Vancouver to
C. P. Rr. . .
For Kureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:3*
p m., June 3. 9, 15. 21. 27. J<;lv 3. Corona.
j 1 :.1O p. m.. June «. 12. IS; 24. 3O, July .«.
For Los Angela <vla Port Vc* Angeles and
Redondo). San Dleeo and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
i State of Callforpia, Thursdays; 9 a. m.
I For Los Are»les <vla San Pedro and East
i San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crux. Mrat-
| erey. San Slmeor.. Cayuros. .Port HarfoM. (S«a
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta. tt a. m.. June 8. 16. 24. Jury 2.
I Cocs Bay. 0 a. m.. June 4. 12. »>. 2^. July «.
! For Ensenada. Matdalena Bay. San Jose del
¦Cabo, Mazatlan. . Altata. La .Paz. "Saata Ru-
: salia, Guaymas (Mex.). lft a. m.'. Tth -each mo.
i ALASKA EXCURSION'S. Season 19O4— Th^
j palatial excursion steamrhlr* Spokane will
! leave Tacomn. Seattle and Victoria. June 7.
21. July b. 1». Aujr. 2. 10.
For further Information obtain f61d«r. Rleht
U reserved to charxc ?tearr.»rs or saillnc; dates.
TICKET O7FXCTCS — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 M.irket st-and Eroat!-
vray wharves. Freight O2lce, 10 Market st.
Cl D. DCN'AXX, Genrral Pa»s*niter Agen;,
10 Market St.. San. Francisco.
AMZEICAXT tlJTE.
Plymouth — Cnerbourr — Souttiamptoa.
t I'ruru »w York £»aturday« aC a.aw a. in.
[Pt. tnu\... Juna i:is't. Louis June 25
I Philadelphia... June lSlGermanlc July 2
I ATLANTIC TEAKSPOUT I.rNE.
i Hew Tork — London Direct..
I Minnehaha June 11. 3;3O p. ro.
Minneapolis June l!», 9 a. m.
! Ikirraba Jure 25, 9 a. m.
MIcnetonka • July 2. . 9 a. m.
Only flrst-clasa passenc^rs carried.
BCMIKION LTNX!. -
Montreal — XiiTerpool — Short sea passage.
I 1 Dominion June lliCanada Jun« 2S
Southwark June ls| Vancouver July 2
HOLLAND-AMERICA' LnHE.
| New Twin-Screw Steamers uf 12.J4X> Tonsi.
j ZTew Ycri — Bottardaa, Via JSonlOTa*.
Sailing Tuesdays at 10 C m.
¦Potsdam June 14)Ryndam June 2S
i Rotterdam June 21lNu?rrtam July 5
RED STAS I.INT3.
JTew Tork— Antwerp— Paris.
From New "York Saturdays at lO:H> a, m.
! Kro<inland June tllFlniand June Z>
jZeeland.. June lslVarterland July 3
WHITE STAS 1INE.
1 New Tork — Qaeenstow^ — Liverpool.
Tallin- Wednesdays.
¦ Cedric.June 15. 0 am. jOceanic. . June 29.7 am
• Ma'esUc.June 22.1" am, Teutonic. July «. 10 srm.
1 Arabic. June 24. :: pm, iL'eltic. .July J*: 1 pm.
I Boston — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
'Cymric... June 16. July 14. Au«. H
; Cretlc June- KO. July 28. Aus:. 25
Republic* (new) July 7. Aus:. 11. Sept. *
NEW SKRVICF. FROM BOSTON-,
rast Twtn-Scraw Slearaer*
Of 11.4Ci> to ir..oo<> tons.
BOSTON PIRFCT TO THE
MEDlTEgKAHEAIT. VIA AZORES.
GIB2ALTAB, NAPLES, GESTOA.
I TOMANIC June IS. July 30. Sept. IT
} CANOPIC July 2. Aus;. 27. Oct. *
; First Clars. S'l.V upwani. drpendlnjr on date.
!c. D. T.VTLOn. Passene'r Aitent Pacific Coast.
! '2i Post ft., farr Francisco. .
! : ~ ~
| £$amburg-Jrmericari.
Semi-Weekly Twin Screw Serrloe
FOR PLYMOfTH. CKKRBOt'RO: r>AMBUKO
THE GBZAT OCEAN 7X.TES. '
S> S. Deutschland
fiSlj'i ft. Ions— 2n.'i knots average speed.
SaUs Ju!y 7. Au«r. 4. Sept. 1.
I Hnmbunr June lfi t'Mollke June .10
i Piwenleia June IS JPatrlcia July 2
! t*Bluecher June 21 •Deutschland ..July' 7
j Pennsylvania ..June 25 Belirravla' ......July »¦
•Has grillroom and tgymnaalum on brard.
: tWlil call east bound at Dov»r only. •
ECASSBTJZta-ASISKXCAjr XXSTE.
Offlces .">r» anJ 37 Broadway. N>w York.
HERZOC. &. CO.. 4OI CALIFORNIA ST.
O. f?- /V, CO.
COLUMBIA sails June C, 1« and 2<fc J«ly «.
16 2S. CEO. \V. ELDER sails June 1. 11 and
I 21. July 1. 11. 21. Only steamship. line t»
j PORTLAND. OR., ard short rail line from
Portland to all points East. Throush tickets to
all points. Steamer tickets include berth an-1
meats. Steamer sails fuot of Sjjfar st.' at II
a. m. S. V. BOOTH, Ge». Art. Pass. Dept., I
MontRomery st. ; C. CLIFFORlJ. Gen. Agent
| Freight Dept.. 3 Mjnteomery .st.
, S. 5. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. June-4. )\ ».xn.
\ S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. "Auck-
land and Sydney. Thurs.. Jun<« 16, 2o. xa.
S. S. MAR1POSA. for Tahiti. July 2. 11 a. m.
J.D.SPSZCKEL3 k BEOI CO.,AltJ 1 ,TiS*'JI 03C3 513 JL--
feft. FTiiZlir OaS331)HiaKJ!., JiVl.tnWi »:.'
# PASSENGER SERVICE —
Tfcrcugh without change. 3. "9.
"Scrawls" from San Fran-
Cisco on or about Jun? .'{. 1904.
for Hamburg and principal
pcrts In Mexico. Central an<1
c'outh America. For rates ami
particulars apply at 641 Jiir- <
ket st.. or to LKNDAS. M.
GRAY. Munacrr. 329 Mark-'t
, '¦,'¦*¦ st.. Sin Frs,ri-!ico,
tOXP!GNI2 GINCaALS IlASUTLUTUffi
DIRECT USE TO HAVRE-PARIS. , — .,
Salllnc every Thursday • instead or %j£T»i
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. trom Pier 4i * r «r»i-
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. |7l> and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $4.'» and upward. Ot.\-
ERaL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AN I>
TANAD\ 32 Broadway (Hudaon bulldlns>.
New York J. F. FIOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
i Artnts. S Monteomery avenue. San Francisco.
• Tickets sold by all Railroad Tlrk»t Agents.
To "VrJLJE-™- , Y<ura ana T<aldjo !
StMRS~C,EN.^FRISBIE. MONTICELLO and
AttROW— 0:& A. M.. 12:30 noon. 3:13 P. M..
B-CO P M".,"8:30 P. M. Ktx. Sunday). Sunday*,
i 9 : 45 A M. 8:3O P. M. Leave Vallejo 7:0w
AM '»:«> A - M -. 12::!0 NOOX. 3:15 P. M..
«-0O P. M. (ex. Sunday). Sundays ":0O A. M..
4 : 15 P. M. Fare one way. 50c. Landing and
office Pier 2. foot Mission st. PbOM Mala
13CS. UATCU BROS.
: , , . • ' * ADVEBT1SE21ESTS.
*"JustWhatIWanf I
"I «« nervous aad rua down now, but q
X will te aU rlarUt la a week." 0
Cures Female Weakness. . •
Cures Stomach Troubles. •
«>r. McLaus-hlln's Electric BMt la a popular f)
remedy nowadays. It la the only remedy g
which will cure while you deep. Just put X
It on when you ko to bed, feel the warm *»
c!owing vitality rolng Into your weakened V
parts and restoring their life and vigor, and 0
not a moment's inconvenience. 0
And you dont bar* to dote your poor 0
Stomach with natty draft. Thli ihowi 0
KHEUMATISM AKD STOMACH Q
CATABRH CUBED. 0
. TOMALES, Marln Co., Cal., June 26, 1001. 0
i DR. Md-AC«HI,IK— Dear Mr: O n » could not imagine the slere of suffering I '*£
passed through from stomach trouble and rheumatism. I was subjected to severe J*
»j"jt trr-atment, etewnach wimp treatment and diet treatment, without the least ©
1 relief. 1 grtw dltgurted with them all, and as a last resort tried your belt two years 0
. *f- In thrr-e days I cculd fling away rny cane and In three months was a new 0
man, entirely cured, and fe(t txtter than I had for years. Several of my friends A
rftve «lne»- purchased /our belts. I would- not part with mine for 11000 If I could 2
not »»-t anaih*r. Tours truly. JOHN B. GUAY. , •
Th!a man was cured two y»ar» ago. - #
PPPP TpCT I will be glad' to give you a free test If you will .call. Or •
ri*.CiL. 1 L,O I Z--«rlll send you my FREE BOOK, with full Information, 0
sealed, free If you wul send this ad. . t 0
Dp M C McLang-hliri 906 Market St. •
• Office Hours — 8 a. m. to 8fS0 d. m.; Sundays, 10 to 1. . 5fTHE SAN FRANCISCO" CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 2; 190*.
12
imtSSMAKHItS AM) SUAMSTKKSSKs
ACCORDION. sunburst and knlfe-plattlng.
Stewart's button and button'aole factory. 111)
Taylor «t.; tel. Folsom 2121.
LESSONS In dressmaking Saturday afternoon
- or evenings by appointment. MISS CAMP-
BELL. riO9 Clay st., room 11. v
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Pattern* cut to measure: eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
KDUCATIO.V1L.
AT home In our new quarters, the largest. be.«t
lighted and most delightful place of business
I etudy In the entire West. New. complete.
I extensive departments. Thorough, inspiring
1 instruction 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 001-
| i>25 Golden Gate ave.
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 w»
move to new fireproof buHdlng. 738 Mission
tt.. near Third. More :.pace. Oner rooms,
better light. Finest In the West. Come and
see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE, now at
1236 Market st.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand; touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions: illustrated catalogue free.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1435~Ma7-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, typing, biokkeeping: $S mo.
AYRE3, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.; established 19 years: special discount
during month of June; Catalogue free.
HEALD'S School of MInes£Electrlclty.24 Post
st.. S. F.; a practical school of englneerinc
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING— Adults. Mon. and Frt. evgs; Juve-
nlles. Sat. 2 to 5: priv. lessons dally. Flnd-
lay's Hall. 17th. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.. rain., mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day eT. ; est. 1864. Van
! d«r NalllenSchooI. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ATTEND Gallagher- Marsh Business College on
advice of oflclal court reporters and be com-
I petent stenographers. 13S2 Market; catalog.
YOUNG children taught technlc taste, sight
reading on piano; $2 month. 18C3 Powell st.
PRIVATE lessons English, shorthand, etc., $1
mo. Western Business College. 1107 Market.
' GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per mo.;
- mandolin club. $1 per mo. 828 Halgbt st.
PIANO lessons. 23c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMKST 'OrKICES.
GEORGE^AOKlT 421 Port 1ifcMeirBusn~i33^
Japanese- Chinese employment office; fur-
nlshes best help; contracts for farm help.etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell it.: tel. Main 8782.
GRAND — Japanese and Chinese employment
• office. 413 Stockton st. : tel. Grant 168.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds hHp. 315 Stockton; Main 8188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY A, CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
A PERSON wishing to continue a certain study
would assist with light work for room anil
board and very email remuneration Bn,
46C, Call office. -. "' " ox
REFINED, educated lady would like a position
as companion to invalid lady, city count rv
or travel: will perform light household du-
ties or sewing. MRS. A. D.. 14 Beaver st.
A YOUNG Swedish girl wishes a place as nuru
girl: only S months from Sweden- ware. 1?S
at first; Mlsalon preferred. 2C30 Fbi^ ."*
WOMAN wants work by the day hmi«».-i.._
Ing: $1 50 and carfare Call o* iddre"^^"
OaGOOD. 115 Hayes at. caress MRS.
A WAITRESS, experienced, wants position
hptel or restaurant, city or country 3?i
Mason St.. phone Black. 2336. " uolr *- *¦*
MIDDLE-AGED woman to do housework, in
small family; small wages. jaSrSSSto st
AMERICAN woman wants position for. house"
work, city or country. Box473. Call office
T lSiM?. Wl * M * eltu » tlon -- Call at X0H&,
KMPtOYMKXT WA5TEP-T-FK.MA1.B.
SCANDINAVIAN girls for housework (two of
them) wish situations at $30 in city; also a
first-class servant as cook. etc.. with very
best of reference, wants sltuatton near or in
San Rafael. Sea J. F\ CROSETT & CO..
3S4 Sutter St. .
YOUNG woman wants place' as dishwasher in
restaurant. Apply 046 Harrison St.. room T.
A YOUNG lady of respectable **»'•*_ d"*"*
position aa companion. AJdress B. vv.. Call
of flee. Alameda. J
TRAINED nurse (years' experience) wishes
permanent position; lady or children;- un-
derstands entire care: excellent housekeeper;
seamstress; best city references; city or coun-
try- terms, $30 to $33 monthly. Address.
P. O. box 2406. S. F. m
REFINED young lady who Is employed dur-
ing day wishes place in private family, or
boarding-house, where she can assist In re-
turn for room and beard. Box 43», Call of-
fice, or phone Capp 535. _
ELDERLY woman- will take charge of hous«
during own«r'« absence, or will engage to do
light housework; cooks welf; has good refer-
ences. Call for two days, at 913 Polk st.
RESPECTABLE lady of 23 wishes position »•
working housekeeper: no objection to chil-
dren; no very hard work and -a food salary
expected. Box 447. Call office. _
WOMAN of refinement wishes position as nursa
for two or three children: will take entlr*
care; good salary expected. Box 443, Call.
ELDERLY lady wishes position as housekeep-
er, city or country. 138 Fifth St., between
Howard and Mission.
GERMAN* woman wants to do washing or
cleaning by- the day: $150 day. Phone Jes-
sie 1780, or address 4333 Army st.
WANTKD-7-By a 'young school teacher of expe-
rience, a' posltlou as private tutor to adult.
Terms moderate. Box 0tf7, Call office.
SWEDISH woman wants work by the day,
cleaning, washing, etc; $1 50 per day. 92
Ninth st. ' .
GERMAN woman, good cook, wants position
In small family: will do light washing; city
or country; carfare paid. 7»4 Fol&m st.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to
do cooking and housework in German family.
2247 Mission at.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants position: city
or country; moderate wages. Call between
8 and 10. 912^ Folsom st.. near Fifth.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Tb»
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. «SJ McAllister it.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription* receive sti
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan 4k Church «t».
EMPLOY-MEAT WANTED MALE.
WANTED — Position by a first-class coachman.
gardiner and all around man (German); no
ob ectlon to country; best of references. Box
470, Call office.
A PRACTICAL German gardener and florist
wants to take charge of a good private place;,
city or country; best of references. Address
F. H.. 1SU Halght st. \
WATCHMAN or position of trust by a naval
man. former deputy sheriff and Justice of
the Peace; references. Box 455. Call office.
EMPLOYMENT wanted by elderly non-union
carpenter on suburban residence, factory,
etc. Address Handy. 1470 San Bruno ave.
MAX and wife, with son 12 years old, Ger-
mans desire positions on a farm. Address
H. FINK. 1112 Twenty-first St.. near Ade-
line, Oakland, or last employer. F. W.
DOHRMANN, 130 Sutter St.. S. F.
EXPERIENCED porter wishes a steady posi-
tlon in hotel "or wholesale house, city or
country; best references. Address bcx 1201,
Call office. Oakland.
ENGLISH professional gentleman desires po-
sition as private secretary, or with company;
absolutely trustworthy; highest testimonials.
Box KK«. Call. .
RUSTLER desires situation as outside sales-
man or collector; salary or commission. Box
COO. Call office.
MACHINI3T. one who knows how to repair-
motors, wants work; can give references.
Box 442. Call office.
YOUNG man wants position aa maa about
place br housework. Address H. J.. box
454. Call offle'e.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged porter wh»
Is steady ami sober In resort or hotel. Box
43?. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER. who operates typewriter,
desires position; bond and references. Box
"7". Call office.
GROCERY clerk with some city experience
wishes a position. Address Clerk. 936 Larkin.
LOCKSMITH, gunsmith and machinist wants
work; can give references. Box 44>. Call.
Painter, paper-hanger, slgm writer, wants work;
tools furn. 1272 Folsom st. : phone Mint 131.
YOUNG Japanese boy wishes situation as
housework or porter: speaks English. M.
OTA. care 627 H California st. Si. F. .
CHINESE private family cook; good references
LOUIS CHOW. 322 Commercial »t.
FLATS TO LET. ¦
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and Oats are list-
ed in our free renting department; over loco
tn number; a combined list- from all agencies;
let ua give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fall; service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
."";. •-.. 1039 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage o?
this department; It will save you time ami
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 243-23;)
lii-ary st., on the square.
NOE, 1054.- cor. Elizabeth — 5 sunny rooms:
new: yard, basement: convenient to Twenty-
fourth and Castro cars: reasonable. -
ELLIS, S29 — 2 parlors and kitchen: recently
finisb«d; separate .front -and rear entrance;
130.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to Vt. Call
on LYON * HOAG. 116 Montgomery st- '
LOWER flat of 3 . rooms. 1.110' 3 Larkin. In-
quire 1320 Larkin st. •
LYON. 7X». near 'McAllister— Elera.ru sunny
upper flat: 11 rooms and bath.
MISSION. 2S»4H— 9 rooms, bath, sink and wasa-
room: $27 SO.
STEINER. 1323. corner Ellis— Flat S rooms.
etc.; partially furnished: rent only $25.
FLATS TO LET — KfUMSHKD.
FURNISHED flat. 7 rooms and attic: furniture
free. 1116 Ellis St.; phone- Stelner 242.
BEAUTIFUL 4-room flat, completely furT hs«» --
•kpng.; piano; ho children; $23. 3S2 Hayes.
- »LATS roil SALK KL'RMNIIUU.V
SEVEN-B.OOM. flat; new furniture; rent $40:
wafer free: sunlight all rooms; ,wlll sell thl»
week for $450; a sacrifice; worth J300. 112*
Fillmore st. •
BARGAIN— 2 fine 5 and B-rooms and bath flats;
$C000; all conveniences.- 898 Lombard st.
TAYLOR. 624. corner S'utt*ec — 8 -room flat: sun-
ny; rent $45; clears $33; price $530. •
FlllMTlKK Volt SALE.
ANDERSON Auction House at 1» Turk st.. nr.
Market, for furniture and everything for th*
house at lowest prpfes.
FURNITURE for sal*: $73 worth for $7 39
dewn and $1 SO par week. BRILLIANT'S.
S40 Pest St.. near Powell.
CHEAPEST- place In city fo» second-hand, fur-
ntture. 986 Geary st. Tel. Polk 1477.
VtlLMTbHK VVANTtaX
~~~~~~ ' ABE LEVT.
Salesroom." 1133. Market st. Teh Jessie 7«1.
Don't ie!l your furniture, carpets, office fur-
nlture. etc.. until you get his estimate.
CHAS. LEVT A CoTpay highest price "for fur-
nlture. carpets, etc. 782 Mission: tel. Bush 41-v.
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furnl-
ture. carpets, etc. : tel. Larkin 3B.U. 634 Ellis.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn hairdressing.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school ta
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A— Girl to learn millinery now for. spring sea-
ten; both seasons taught from start tn finish
In 1 month for $13: positions aa trimmers.
salesladies,etc. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. IX
A— LADIES, learn all branches hairdressinsr
trade, manicuring, massage, etc.: pc».tions
secured at highest wages: day and eve. class-
es; thor. system. Removed to 133 Powll st.
WANTED^A woman to tak<» washlaf beta*,
> 604 Second av*., near Fulton M.
Ct.AIRVOVA.VrS Continneil.
A — Miss M. W!Ile. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion: names givrn; special. $1; hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, iriftea clalr. & palm.;
I correctly treat your love arralrs, domestic
troubles, bus. and financial success; names;
1.. 50c; g.. Jl. 714 Franklin, nr. G. O. ave.
Mrs.A.H. Kronenberg.palmlst. clairvoyant, card
reader;when others fall try me;good reading
2oc. 721 FrankIln,nr.G.G.ave.Tel.Larkln 4207.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
"614 Kearny. room 20; ladles. 25c; gents.SOo.
Mli^S SEYMOUR, celebrated card reader and
palmist. Ill Taylor st.. near Eddy. .2d floor.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant gives names date
and facts: readings dally. 917 Market st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, rT-
moved from 132 to 23',i 6th; 1. 25c, g. 60c.
SPIRITUAL healer: successfully treats all dis-
eases; 2 treatments. 930 Golden Gate ave.
ISMAR. the celebrated Egyptian seeress. will
return from her vacation July 1.
MF.S. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis «t. .;
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader, slt-
tlngs dally. 44SV, Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
carpet iii:ating a.vd cleamxh.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets op
floor without removal; carpets and rugs are
aUo cleaned by compressed air at - sl.up;
prices moderate. S. F. Compressed Air
Cleaning Co.. 30S Market »'..; phones Main
152 and Bush 470.
WHEN you become disgusted with your, work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S, 240- Fourteenth st.. clean-
lnc & laying done reasonably. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works 1S0O Har-
rison st.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 223.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 18«.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating Jl mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co-402 Sutter st •
tel. Main 3»4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.'
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison «t.: tel. Mission 283.
CLOTHIKQ BEMOTATINO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche. 40 Ellis st.. room 14-
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free!
'i'.-'MJ"'?-'. COItTtJlCTlOIt OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made'-
city cr country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. Main 55X0
. CURES STTPTTTBE.
HUNTER'S Positive Rupture Holder. $10; no
discomfort. 1206 Mark»t St.; send -for circular.
NAPA, May 10 1003.
MR. A. HUNTER— Dear Sir:.
We are much pleased to Inform you that
your holder cured our baby's scrotal rupture.
The baby was 0 we?ks eld when you fitted the
holder. Our doctor says the parts were healed
in thirty days. We are Indeed very grateful to
you. Yours truly.
GEORGE GREEN AND WIFE.
DENTISTS. '
A NEW pJate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
1 warranted 20 yrs. : crown, $3 50; fillings. 60c:
plates, $5; full, set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. L'iTDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
..made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 50c; gas given. .
Paris Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
; Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fillings, 25c.
FREE . examination with . chart at' the new
York Dentists, 969 Mission St.. SE. cor.. 6th.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c:' crowns. $2: no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewitt.204 Suttr. •
BUSINESS CHAXCES — Continued.
A — CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st-. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
BEAUTIFULLY located rummer resort; fine
Kroves; 36-room hotel; all furnished and
equipped for business; 20 acres land goes
with leajse; raise own hay. vegetables; all
kinds of fruit; rent $500 per year; equity In
this $2.'>C.O; death in family cause ot sale.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale— Well-furnished 5-room ark. moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
s k imm*>r outing; also for winter shooting and
fishing; all modern conveniences; new. one
year, price ?22OO complete. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st. '
FOR sale— Well-located bazaar and furnishing
goods busings; cheap rent; OH years' lease;
one of the beet transfer corners in city; do-
ing fine business; other Interests cause sale;
price $3000. See CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
For sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect:
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hse. or business. Cameron, 8 Eddy.
FOR sale, or will trade — 0 acres Inside city
limits; one of best Interior cities in Califor-
nia; house, barn, other outbuildings; plenty
all kind* fruit; beautiful home; will trade for
rooming-house: price $4000. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale— Electrical and locksmith business;
central location; established 9 years; rent
$:«j; clears $90 to $1CO per month; price $500,
must sell on account other business. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Carriage and wagon factory and
general Jobbing: established 27 years; well
located end equipped with modern tools,
etc.; full investigation and trial given; re-
tiring from business. CAMERON & CO.. 8
Eddy »t.
EXCHANGES made ln'ail kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. S Eddy st.
DELICATESSEN and grocery for sale; every-
thing new; good family trade. Address box
759. Call office.
¦ •
WANTED — Td buy a coal and feed yard; well
established. Box 194, Call office. •
WANTED — To buy a small brewing plant or
utensils, kettles, etc. Address box 610. CalL
WANTED — To buy a restaurant for cash.
Box 711. Call office.
WANTED — To buy a good hotel; state locality
and full particulars. Box 733, Call office.
BOOK ttore and news, stand for sale In West-
ern Addition. Box 670, Call office.
FOR sale — Bakery with large stock; good loca-
tion and reasonable rent. 715 McAllister st.
$450 — SALOON for sale: piano; refrigerator; 3
living rooms; must sell. 613 Howard st.
FINE newspaper rout* for aala. Inquire at
this clflce.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subecrtptlons has beea
opened at lOOf Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
LOUUlXi-llOUSES FOR SALK.
aTcaMERON & CO., Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything in
first-class condition; cood furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; if run
transient can clear $300 to $350 per month;
here is best proposition in city; price $3200.
63 rooms; best downtown transient house in
city: will trade for ranch; compelled to leave
the city.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance;
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $500
per month; to be sold at a bargain on account
of departure.
17 rooms; rent only $70; fine little apart-
ment-house; sickness; must sell; snap; $uuO.
12S rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-dite downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $000 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with U3.
75 rooms: grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished: cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close in;
clears $400 per month: $4000 down, balance 8
per cent i>er annum; departure.
24 rooms; rent $Hj; new and elegantly fur-
nished: oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
cood lease.
108 rooms: cheap rent; new and elegantly
fcrnlshed, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run In conjunction it desired;
rsre chance for right parties; part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of the house; other busi-
ness interests demand Immediate departure.
8 rooms: fine upper flat; rent only $30; can
bt- had by paying $150 down, balance time;
f45O.
21 rooms; corner; rent only $S5: oak fur.;
good carpets; housekeeping; all full: clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
$1600.
, ISO rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; eleeantly furnished and equipped:
cheap rent; fln» lease; paying $500 to $6(10 per
month; close In; lull nice people; bargain If
taken at once; dissolution of partnership.
7-room flat: rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
12C rooms; rent only $1 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $4C0 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys In the city.
11» rooms; rent only $100; well fuqnlshed;
little apartment-house; reduced to $,1100.
25 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill: doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
14 rooms; rent only $57; oak furniture: good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $900.
105 rooirs; cheap rent; first-class up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
Large list of real estate, roomlng-housea and
business for exchange or trade, always on
hand. A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St.
MARION GRIFFIN.
4C<> Hearst bldg., over Examiner entrance,
cor. Third and Market sts.; phone Black 3607;
rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
40 ROOMS, 8 blocks N. of Market St.; rent
$70; .'i-year-lease; Income per month $300;
owner rick in hospital; price $1500; furnished
l'i yearn: easy terms. MARION GRIFFIN.
24 ROOMS, 1 block from Market; 1 floor: brick
house; rent ?80; clears JSO; price reduced to
$1100; hs cash; sickness. MARION GRIF-
FIN^
CO-ROOM hotel; corner house; extra low rent;
house full; pays well; owner has lost his
voice and will have to change climate: price
reduced to $5000. ..^lAHION GRIFFIN.
3C ROOMS; new and modern; north of Mar-
ket: all extra large, outside rooms; 19 bay
windows; fine,' new furnishings; electric
lights; clears $179 monthly for last 9 months;
lease: price J3500. MARION GRIFFIN.
14 ROOMS; 5 blocks N. of Market: clean as a
pin: well furnished; sunny side; respectable;
$1000; \'i cash. MARION GRIFFIN.
15 ROOMS; a swell house: splendidly fur-
nished; nicely situated; near Ellis and Van
Ness; rent $75: thoroughly respectable; In-
come $180 monthly; owlni? to peculiar cir-
cumstances, almost any offer will b<> accept-
ed by MARION GRIFFIN.
8 ROOMS: furnished 2 months; 'cost $410: "rent
$25: 7 rented for $55; will sell for $250: %
cash. . MARION GRIFFIN.
85 ROOMS: $3800; reduced from $5000; all men
roomers; rent) only $225; well laid out house;
2 floors. _^ MARION GRIFFIN.
103 ROOMS: owlnc to Ill-health we are ex-
clusively authorized to sell one of the best
furnished houses in this city; It's dependa-
ble, high class, above a whisper of reproach
nnd clears $450 monthly. MARION GRIF-
FIN. .¦¦¦¦¦ . - '
10 ROOMS, N. of Market: $000; make offer;
rent ?32; a snap. MARION GRIFFIN.
4S ROOMfc: beautifully furnished; 5-year lease;
electric elevator and electric lights; fine cor-
ner; make offer; ¦ clears S222 per month: it's
truly a fine house. MARION GRIFFIN.
100 ROOMS; sunny corner: rent $125.. ..$4500
100 rooms: clears $350:*low rent. ...$(J500
80 rooms; furniture nearly new. .:.... ..$3800
4H rooms; fine location, north of Market. $1000
4R rooms: In Oakland; n»w; rent $60.... $2500
VI rooms; half cash; cheap rent ...;.$600
Money to loan on furniture. EITEL &
CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
GREAT opportunity to purchase ¦ one . of best
transient houses In city: 33 rooms; close In
and central. Box 44B. Call. ¦ . '
MINNA. 614, near Sixth— 10 rooms, house-
keeping; cheap rent; price $200.
LOUGI.VG UOL'SeS FUR SALE — Cos.
THIRTY-FIVE- ROOM Market-street house;
busy corner; Al transient: I will sell at low
figure or exchange. Box 34S0. Call oiflce.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*— The Weekly Call.
If pares. Ir wrapper, for matllnK. $1 per ye»r.
amiciTUAi.isM.
MKS. J. J. WHITNEY,
Clairvoyant, trance, business medium and life
reader. 1206 Market St., Gait House.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
slaf-wrlter. 1112 Eddy st.: phone Scott 887.
CXAUt\ OVAfliM.
THE FUTURE REVEALED. THE PAST
DISCLOSED.
The Present Analyzed by Livingstone.
PROF. LIVINGSTONE'S readings are like
a living page of Klammarlon's treatise that Is
so electrifying the world to-day. He Is no
Imitator. His work Is upon original lines,
pure thought, clear vision. He tells you what
you desire 10 know and works in the open
light.
He Is as conspicuous for his wonderful oc-
cult analysis as he In for his original ?x-
preKion and vivid truthfulness.
A test reading in not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
give you a full lire reading for $1. A test Is
of little value; when the mind Is troubled you
need more substantial aid and advice. This
Is Just what PROF. LIVINGSTONE gives
you when you call on him for a first-clasa
dilrvoyant reading.
He asks you no questions, but tells you
what you wish to know.
He does not mention all the 1H» and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts In your case. Let PROF.
LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you. find the cause of trouble and
suggest the remedy.
Permanently located 42S Eddy st.; 3 sepa-
rate reception parlors. Lady attendant.
Hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
ASSURED success for you.
Call at once and save $4.
His famous 55 readings this week for
$1 . $1 SI $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
No charge — No charge
Unless you obtain the Iniormatlon for
which you consult Him.
PAUL DESTINE. ;:';.>
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever in San Francisco.
Read carefully. An hor/?st proposition. ,
(You to be full Judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agiee a-nd guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for: I tell you If
husband, wife or lover is true or false; who and
when you will marry; how to gain the love of
the one you desire; fact." I will tell you
I every hope, fear or ambition, better than you
can tell yourself; his advice Is reliable; his
powers are wonderful and Indisputable: he Im-
proves your character so that you will reach
the hlchest possible development In mental
vigor, health, happiness and capacity to earn
1 wealth; the controlling power Implanted In your
nature, so you can control any one secretly;
cures disease and lost vitality; gives advice on
mining and burled treasures; gives you success
In life; he fruarantees. you success or charges
nothing for his cervices.
10 a. m. to S n. m. — Closed Sunday.
320 O'Farrell St.— 320
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
• Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveala the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; If you are In trouble.
- discontented or not satisfied with life, or
- huve domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how. to overcome them; valuable advice in
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed;.; readings by mall. Tel. Black 4560.
ELLSMERE,"- Egyptian seer. clairvoyant;
; marvelous, readings; advice, love, business,
mining; locates, cures disease; whom, when
you marry: call if In trouble or doubt; re-
moves spells, evil by mall $2.
1007% Market Bt.: low fee-
MME. PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant medium,
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
' ond sight, tells past, present and future; 1.
COc, g. by cards $1; palmistry and clairvoyant
elt.. $1 50. -200 O'Farrell St., near Mason.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and bus. medium; read, dally $1; develop-
Ing claeg Thursday, 8 p. m. 612 Eddy st. .
A — Mrne. Ravenna reads life: business advice; j
names given; 25c up. £33 Howard, bet. 4th&0th.
nOAItDlXG FOR CHILDREN.
FRENCH boarding for children. MRS,. GUNTZ.
«63 Pine st.
Dl'SlMiS.t CHAXCES.
A— $2200; ROADHOUSE! Roadhouset Road-
house! With IS furn. rooms; rent $40: lease;
a first-class paying retort. See R. O. WILKE.
-t'ja Kearny ft.
A— fSOO; CORNER saloon; rent $20; a splendid
location in the Mission; place doing a busi-
ness of about $15 per day. R. G. WILKE,
2CH Kearny st. v
A — $500; SALOON, vicinity Third and Bran-
nan sts. ; established years; rent $40. Call
R. G. WILKE. :!«'¦» Kearny st.
A— J15O0; SALOON in wholesale district; vi-
cinity of Sansome St. ; place established 20
years; doine a. sood bu»lnens; rent $50. See
R. G. WILKE. MVj Keearny st.
A — $3o<n>; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery St., vicinity of
California; iilaoe must be sacrificed on ac-
count of ill health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. 2«Vi Kearny St.
A— $450; BARBER shop: 3 chairs; best location
hi th« Mission; rent $15. See R. O. WILKE,
2*i 1 i Kearny st.
A $3000 HOTEL In San Rafael; 21 rooms bar
parlor and dining room; a well established
place; gcod furniture and a bargain. Call
H. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
A GOOD paying saloon on Clay st. ; rent $65;
plac* is establ. for years; Investigate at
once; this Is a rare chance; value in sight.
Sea R. G. WILKE. 26 H Kearny st.
A— $700; RESTAURANT opposite Golden Gate
Park; tent $25; good business; clearing about
$150 i»r mentb. See R. G. WILKE, 26 H
Kearr.j st.
A— $2500; SALOON: choicest location on Mar-
ket- St.; low rent; good lease; elegant fix-
. tures and a first-class paving business. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2t>H Kearny et.
A— 5250; BOTTLE beer route; well established.
See R. G. WILKE. 20^i Kearny at.
A— $2750; CORNER saloon on Market st.. In-
cluding 7 rooms: rent $1CO; return rents $80;
lease; a first -class location and well estab -
plifhed p'.ace. See R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kear-
cy st.
A— $2000; SOAP factory; a eplendid and well-
established business; also manufactory of
washing powder: o^'ner will allow buyer to
Investigate business for 14 days. See R. 3.
WILKE. 26Vs Kfarny st.
A — $700; SALOON with long lease Jn choicest
part of this city; rent $40; a (rood paying
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 2<JH Kearny.
A— £C00- -CUOPHOUEE and coffee saloon, cpp.
cable house; place estab. year?, with steady
and transient customers; owner clean about
J175 per month. See K. G. WILKE, 20^
Keamy Et.
A — DRUGST\JIiE — drugstore — drugstore: price
$4500; established 27 years: lease 5 years;
rer.t fCO; one of the best paying stores In this
city; owner to retire. Call R. O. WILKE,
26H Kearny at.
A— 1JO0; CORNER -aloon with 7 rooms on
Bryant s*.; rent $50; place surrounded by
fai-torles and warehouses; a good business.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2«JVi Kearny st.
A— $-1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 3*
rooms, kitchen and dining-room. 37 beds,
gocd furniture, lease, place paying well. Set
R. O. WILKE. 26 V4 Kearny st
A— $2500; DAIRY depot and route; dally sales
50 cans; 8 hcrses. 4 wagons, etc.; most pri-
vate customers; business kept by owr.er IS
vears; a eood-paylngr investment. Call R. Q.
. ' WILKE. 26 fe Kearnr st.
A — $550: branch bakery and delicatessen
ttcre with 4 rooms; rent $23; fine location;
rood business. See K. G. WILKIE. 2tiH
Keamy st
A— $2000; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton sts.; rent $150; lease; place estab-
lished years; Uret-class business. Call R. G.
W-ILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $900: SALOON, vicinity Taylor & Turk sts. ;
rent $50; this Is. a gocd paying and old es-
ttbtlshed bus'.net*.; s. worklngman's place:
rare chance. 5ee R. G. W ILKE. 2C% Kearny.
$3000^-GROCEMY and bar. on Fourth St.. about
1 b!ork from Market st. ; lease; cood paying;
ettablltbed years; sickness only cause of
tale. Call R. G. WILKE. 2HV, Kearny •:.
A— KiOOO; CORNER grocery and bar; cash
business: store receipts about $60 per day:
bar receipts about $20; cwner will tell for
cash or trade for property at the actual
value of * W00. Call K. O. WILKE. 26 S
Krarny st.
A— PICKLING WORKS
For sale: factory completely etiuii>iJ*d for the
manufacture of pickles, mustard, sauerkraut,
(¦live?, salad oil? and table condiment*;
product told In all part? oT the Un:tel
State?: price (750(1, Including ytock on hand.
GEHMANlA INVEST. CO.. 02T Market St.
A— THE AUTOMOBILE BUSINESS
Is at present the safest investment and most
profitable in the city. We repre-
sent two of the largest incorporated com-
panies In S. F.. and have openings for chauf-
feurs, machinists and office men who can
lnvpf>t a srnall amount of cash with services.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
- A SAFE INVESTMENT.
JKX*.- cash and services secure interest -and
otfice of treasurer in an incoroorafd r»alty
and investment company; $1T.O monthly as-
F'jred: hlphei-t references given and required
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. '.127 Market St.
A— A GOOD OPENING
For a young man who <an Invest $500 in a
his:h-<-lass real estate office and CU position
cf cashier; experience net necessary; invest-
ment secured and $2rt xveeklv Kuaranteed
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market »t.
AUTOMOBILE :>Iant at bankrupt sale— Com-
plete plant. Including fixtures, tools, machin-
ery. «"tc. belonging to the, bankrupt estate
cf the Universal Automobile Company, will
be sold at .bankrupt sale June h. For in-
ventory ana particulars apply at the office
ot FRANK & MANSFIELD, attorneys. 20«
Saneomt street, San Francisco.
MILLINERY — Half interest best interior store
In State for sale; reasons, two stores.; man-
acrr needed for one; $2000. DUNN, 1312 Mkt.
DERMATOLOGIST, electrolysis parlors, with
furniture" equipment and ?20O stock, at a bar-
sain; now paylnr handsomely; reason sick-
D(F!. ' See DUNN, 1312 Market st.
FOR sale — One of the best grocery stores in a
city across the bay, not far from San Fran-
cisco: must sell or take a partner, one who
can lock after the business. Address for
particulars, box <;42. Call office.
OLD-ESTABLISHED cash business; will stand
Investigation; receipts over $1000 per minth ;
net profits over 52."<O; only f.'IOOO required.
Exclusively Berg. Armstrong Co.. 31S Kearny.
HARNESS business with stock anj tools for
sal*; In country; on account of death; good
paying locality. For particulars apply MRS.
M. HERRING. 2225 Mission St.; city.
BERG. .ARMSTRONG & CO.. phon» red 4845.—
Headquarters for saloons, hotels, lodging-
houses, furnished fiats, bakeries, barber
shop.*, delicatessen. 51S Kearny Et.
WANTED — Experienced newspaper route men
to handle circulation on Fresno Evening
Democrat; chance to build up good business
Write' for particulars.
FOR sale — A good business in Tonopah; well
eMabllshed and paying a fine profit; amount
of cash required about $1500. Full partlcu-
. lars box ICO. Call office.
$2S00— A BIG sacrifice; the best paying restau-
rant In Sacramento: receipts $100 a day; long
lease. P. O. box 158, Sacramento, Cal.
GENERAL merchandise store In country for
ealc; complete stock of everything. Address
for particulars, box 160. Call office.
SURE way to beat slot machines; big money.
Box 45S, Call.
WANTED — A delicatessen store with estab-
lished trade; state amount of trade and price
asked. Box o:c. Call office.
FOR sale — Store fixtures, with or without
Mock; fine living rooms. H> Turk St.; phone
Howard 34oC.
COKTA RICA BANANA CO. stock at ground;
floor prices: fine prospectus. 53» Crossley bid.
WEST ALMADEN V quicksilver stock; a bonan^
za ; at bedrock prices. 539 Crossley bid.
FOR sale — Good tailoring house In the country.
Scotch Plaid Tailors, 1009 Market 8t.
GOOD candy utore for sale cheap; leaving
city. Address box 443. Call office.
GREAT -opportunity; partner wanted with
$1000 tn two new patents. Box 44G. Call.
SALOON for sale, cheap. 141 Second st.
SALOON tilth lease; $2500; rent $S5; receipts
$300 month; fine location. Box 452. Call.
CHOPHOUSE; $240; rent $26: liquor license;
¦ clears $150 a month. Box 4.M, Call office.
SALOON, en account leaving city. Address box
420. Call.
WANTED — Active partner In downtown day
caloon; price $2000. Box 427, Call office.
!THE^Q\LL
JOllX D. SPRCCKKI.<S Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHN MeXALGIIT : . . Manager
\Y. J. MARTIN. Business Manager
TEN* DOLLA11S REWARD. j
Notify The Call Office If You Sliss
Your Pa;?er.
If for aay cause TEE CALL U not de-
livered resrnlaxly to lutotxriberB plea**
call up "CAI.Ii EXCHAHOE" and notify
Subscription Clerk in charge. Your com-
plaint will receive proinst attention.
A ctandinsr reward of Ten Dollar*
- ($10.00) !• offered for the arrest and
cenriction of any one caught rteallns:
THE CJLX.1,.
TELEPHONE. >
- Afv' for THE CALL. Th» Operator Will Con-
nect Tou WSUi the Departaent You W .sh.
in-bllcatioa Office. Market and Third, S. F.
Editorial Rocm* £17 to 221 Stevenson et.
" I>ellver«d by Carriers. 20 Cu. Per Week. 75
Cla. Per Month. Blagl* Copies 5 Cu.
• Tcnna by Mall. Including Postage (Cash WHS
. EAILT CAUL (lru^ud. Sunday), lyear »S.O0
CAILT CALL Ondud. Sunday)..* inos... 4.00
I>Ali,T CALL— By Slr.*rl« Month >oo
¦ SUNDAY CALL, 1 Year..' -•*>
TVTEKLT CALL. 1 Tear.' 10 °
f DaJlv...*S. SO Per Tear Extra
FOREIGN J Sunday. 416 Per Tear Extra.
POSTAGE. I tvefkly. 1.00 Per Tear Extra
ALL POSTHASTE JtS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECE1VK SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Eaicple . Copies srin be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail subscribers In ordering change efaa-
' fress ehould b« particular to rive both
'A*D OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance *lth thflr re-
' OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway '• » Telephone Main 1053
BERKELEY OFFICE:
'21*8 Center • btreet Telephone North 7«
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT: .
¦ EAMUEL.W. WALL.... Hotel Barton
' ' XETT YORK NEWS STANDS:
" Waldorf -Artorla -Hotel; A. .Brentano. 31
Cttloa Square.; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-ave--
. cue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eherman House; P. O. News Co.: Great
.rCcrthern Hotel: Treaiont 'Houae; Auditorium
Uctel; Pajraer . Bouse.
• CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KJIOGNESS. .Marquette BulMing
fLcng Distance Telephone. • "Central 261». •> .
NEW' TORK REPRESENT ATIVE:
¦ -FTEPHEX B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW- YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C- C CARLTON Herald Squara
."ECPncnss OFFICE of th* San Francisco
• .Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
tctll 12 o'clock every r.icht In the year.
.BRANCH OFFICES:
1006 Market street. cppoelU Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
t<7 Moctccinery street, corner Clay; open
cctil 9:30 d. tn. .
toy Hayes- etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
C33 McAlKfter ttreet; open until 9:30 p. a.
. -tlZ- Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m. .
l'Ml Uimtm street; cpen until 10 p. m.
S2tl Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
UT.t:i 9 p. ta.
IC6 Klever.th Etreet: cr»n ur.tll 9 p. m.
• JCSC Valencia street; coen until 9 p. m.
Ivcrtheatt corner Church and Duncan stfreets;
cpen until S p. m.
?Ccrthwest corner cf Twenty-second and Ken-
'_«52 e 5 Greets; cT'n until 9 p. m.
— DO FUltnore street; cpen until 9 p. m.
to scBsmmnns leaving town
FOR THE SUMMER.
CALL sub«crlbcr« contemplating a-
char.re of residence during-- the summer
mctihs can bare their vaper forwarded
by mail to their new fcd&roa by notify-
In? THE CALL. Business Office. This
paper will also be en sale at all sumraer
resorts and is represented by a local
*g*r.t in all tcwas oa the coast.
MEETISG NOTICES.
A REGULAR matins of Yerba.Bue-na .mm
Lodge of Prrfec-ilcn Xo. 1. A. and A.. Jl
Scottish Rite of Kre( masonry, will be /i
held In Qonggandety Hall. Masonic jJsSY*
Temrle. THURSDAY EVENING. June V ¦ i "r
2. VJH. it 8 o'clo'-k. Fourth <1«Kre^.
HENRY m-I'.NKR. S<-c.
MISSION Chanter No. T:». R. A. M.— JB '.
Stated n-,f-eting THIS 'THURSDAY) 'Xlf'
EVENING. T'.J't oV-loclfr. Itoyal Arch /V\
d*£n<>. By nrd>- r of the H. P.
J___ JOHN R. HILLMAN. Secretary. .
CALIFORNIA 1 Lodiro No. .1. F. and A. m
M.. will mert THIS '(TI!l'RSDAT)*-Jv
• ' EVENING. June 2, at 7:.TJ -o'clock.
State* tneetinr «"id thir'l rtf-gree.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
ifVlDELTTT Lydef No. icn. F."fcr.<5 A «
M— Fm:e<i wnlnr THIP fTHUKS-
- DAY) EVENING « 7:^0 o'clock. V.y Af\
order of t!-«> \V. M -
¦ 'Fr.rHEP.ICK BARRr. Secretary.
IK)niC Lc<Jp» No. 21X. F. and A. M.— ,«
•Stat«l m«-t!n* THI* -THURSDAY) \Af
EVENING zi 7:30 o'clock. By order AA
or the Master. "
• J. n. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
ETARR KING Lodge No. 344. F. and Q
A. M.. .'lit r>«*vira«1ero «. — Stated *V^T
? o>To7. k ; usDAY> ' EVEN - **
• ; • A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
TranA BUKNA Lodce No. 15, I. ; '
°- O. F.— Member* ar* requr^tmi -^rEwSte.
¦ ' .*'¦'¦' : , '.',".'.¦.; : ' c Tln -~ : | THi'Rs-i.<K<Sv"i<i
ti*n of oCfioera and considrraUon of imJor-
• P JKVKN r>. 5inCK. NoMr. Grand pro tern.
> '-HAS. A. WIPEAYELL. Secretary '
'.MEMBERS rf Redwood
Camp. No. 9f. W. O. \\\. J '" '. •
art respectfully requested 2/m <l i m l UJ).
to attend : .. funeral of ?^--'i*/cityJ%2i\
HrAVOT. THURSDAY. fr "* ' '"'¦'•
June 2. 1904. at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from his
residence. Hroderick et.. cor. of Waller Br
ordrr % FRED G. GILOTTE. Con. Cora.
J. N. FAi«CLL,
A WEEK'S news for 8 cents — The Weekly Call
. 1G pagrs.- In wrarpf r. for mailing. $1 per- year'.
A u i:\is WASTED.
AGENTS— An agency for a proposition that !»
a decided in-.r-rovement on building and loan
Is worth having. Ureat Western Improve-
rr.T.t Company. Parrott building.
. _ ASTHMA JEMED Y.
A Dl Nola's A«th:na Remedy relieves Instant-
ly: 10'-. L'5c. r.Oc 100J Market. St. Nicholas.
ATTOKSEYS-AT-LAW.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for «*mall fe«.
fee* me and save money; no pay In 'advance
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW "'
Evtabllshcd 22 yrs.; rmi. 1, 2. 3, 4 & 5,1st fL.
1122 Market St.. between Mason and Taylor.
AcVicf free all matters. Detectives employed.
XI. W. KINO. Attomey-at-Law, Exam, bid*
6th ftoor; entrance room 611; established 20
J»an; all cases, gf-neral court and office prac-
tice; no fee. in advance or for consultation-
evetilnes «jy appointment. Tel. Red 3601. '
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees or
corts tn advance; all law business; office
cr<«-n Saturday evenlnes. 519 Market st!, r. 81.
DIVOr.CE — Costs. $12! «ju!ck, quiet; ad vie.
free; all law business; no charge unless »uc-
.o*ssful; cpen evening*. 827 Market, room 301.
DIVORCE law a specialty; no publicity} advice
free; costs $12. Ad. B.A.S.. P.O. box 21V9, 8.F.
J- 6. CLARK. 327 Market lit.; consultation
fr-r: no fees In adrsnee: "pen- *venln«rs.
V AUTOMOBILES.
ONE or the best makes of automobiles en the
market for sale; late model. -Address box
Ml. Call office. -^
AITTOMOI3ILE for sale: gasoline power; only
b«-«i uwd 3 month*. Box CM, Call office.
FOR ep.le — A Eteam automobile In first-class
running order. Box 712. Call office.
fTOO CADILLAC automobile for sale; g^>od a*
__tiew. I#ix 161, Call offfoe.
i-.V M.l- automobile for sale; almost new. Box
175. Call office. 1
PIERCE reotcrette. « horsepower, for sale. 3ox
190. Call office.
VANTED— To buy an automobile In rood run-
rucf order; cute xnalce, etc. Box 876, Call.
n call want isi*; lili iiiliiBBliiwiiil
mi* scissors 2 sil
THE CALL'S PREMIUM THIS WEEK TO CLASSIFIED
ADVERTISERS IN SUNDAY EDITION.
L:L ; .' <( J
A highly plated four-inch scissors, made of best quality steel, and has an excellent finish.
SCISSORS OF A STYLE AND SIZE MOST USEFUL FOR EMBROIDERY
AND FANCY WORK, AND ALSO VERY SUITABLE FOR POCKET USE.
Gifts Will Be Gives* Thursday, Friday and Saturday to
Want Advertisers isi Sunday's Call.
Tremlums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at: |
BUSINESS OFFICE of. The San Francisco tall, corner Market and Third streets;
open until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open untJl 11 p. m.
527 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
615 /..firkin street; open until 9:30 p m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m. ¦• • ¦ • ' •¦• ¦>
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets: open until 9pm
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open until 9pm •
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m. . i
OAKLAND OFFICE:
, ; iO 16 Broadway. ...Telephone Main 10S3
EEHICELEY OFFICE:
2148 Center Street .- Telephone North 77
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
Schneider's Book Store Park StreetTHE SAN FRANCISCO CAL,L, THURSDAY,- JUNE 2, 1904.
13
TUAM 7TKIV nTUFn'-MPniHI^^^ IM S.XK! PDAMH^rr.
I MAIN HINY U 1 MLk \ 4LL/IU1 ! advertising JIN -PAIN I-kAINUOUU
i XVA%TKTJ MAl.K fon.
I A— MURRAY & READY. <r.4-C30 Clay st.
Leading Employment and Labor Agtnls. .
1'Ju;! we gave inot we hope to
tt'.OLO men work. Increase CU.OOO.
PHONE MAIN' 5S4S.
WE SPEAK
SPANISH, SWISS FRENCH,
GERMAN. GREEK. ITALIAN.
Your Fare Free. Look — Free Fare
TO STATE OF NEVADA
If you BUy four months. THAT'S ALL.
U. S. GOVERNMENT WORK.
2Ci two-horse teair.Ett.rs. JtiO.
15ti laborers, you'll suit. $U0.
»."> drillers, tockmen, hammersmen. $75. •
KIght hours' work dally, hundreds going.
XJ5 header men.- $75.
14 leborirs, mix concrete, . $73.
CREAT LUMBER TRUST.
2C laborers, it's up to you. $(X).
13 Swedes. Norwegians, Danes, $35 found.
It; laborers, good job. $43 and found.
MINES.
15 machine drillers. $00.
1U single and double hund drillers. $S2 60. $75.
TEAMSTEKS— LABORERS.
IS laborers, fare 30c, $G0.
12 scraper ti-aniitcrs, City, $67 50.
14 single and double hand drillers, city,
$67 50.
15 scraper teamsters, fare 15c, $07 60.
24 r&nch teamsters everywhere. $30, $40 fd.
M1LKHRS— CHOREMEN.
| Ofi milkers, butter and cheese makers,' $30 to
$40 and found. • • t
26 choremen and boys. $30, $15 and found. -
Gardener, lumber company, bora here, $40.
CONVEYANCE DRIVERS. CITY.
25 Ken. you can drive ft. rig, $C0.
Conveyance drivers — that's you — $1 fee.
IN CALIFORNIA— S HOUR8.
IS laborers free fare. $C0.
$1 FEE— STEAD Y JOB— $1 FEE./
I CITY— STABLEMEN— COUNTRY.
. SS hostlers and good all-round hands. $75,
(W, $50. $40, $35 and found, good jobs for
ftca&y rr.en
CALIFORNIA'S HARVEST.
196 hay and harvest hands, $1 f>0 to $2 50 fd.
ALL OVER THE STATE.
GOOD VIKEIABD FARM HANDS.
64 good steady places, $2U, $30, $32 50 fd.
GET A PERMANENT JOB NOW.
MARRIED.
Farmer and wife, fare $1 73, boss here. $40
and found.
Farmer and wife, fare $3. Monterey, $45 fd.
TRADESMEN.
2 lathers, city, $2 50 per M.
6 ra?h and door hands, lumber company $3
to $S SO day.
15 blacksmiths, different places, $3. $3 50 day.
Foreman molder. Iron worker. $4 to $5 day.
2 painters, paperhangers. city. $3 day.
Tinsmith, factory, fare 10c. $3 day.
C carriage painters. $12 to $15 week.
Weavers on blankets.
Machinist roller grinder, fare COc.
2 brick loaders, country. 25c M.
¦ Screw turner*, edjeerman, hook tenders.
Logger, understands rigging, L. Co., $60 fd.
12 Fhingle packers, cutoff sawyer.
Molder and sticker hand.
Carriage painter and sticker hand, $4 day. .
Wheelwright. 50c fare, steady Job, $30 fd."
Painter, carriage works, fare $1. $M found.
Wheelwright wheel machine, fare $1. $3.
12 coopers, slack work, call very early.
Bench hands, planing mill, fare $1, $3 day.
WOODCHOPPERS.
196 choppers, everywhere in the State.
Logger, Dclbeer lotjrin* donkey, .$75 found.
HOTELS.
16 butchers, different places. $50 to $40 fd.
lfl cooks, different places. $60 to $35 found.
12 waiters, different places. $40 to $30 found.
16 dishwashers, different places. Job $30 to
?20 and found.
3 bellboys.
LAUNDRY.
1(5 Uundrymen. good places, different Jobs,
*C0. $75.
Vegetable gardener. $30 and found.
BAKERS.
3 third hands. 2 second hands. 3 helpers.
Best places at MURRAY & READY.
Highest wages. C34-636 Clay st
TALL, thin man.
Very short, fat man
Tr> walk the streets In advertising costume.
MURRAY A READY, C34 and 636 Clay st
LAUNDRYMAN. institution, city, $30 found.
A carpenter and blacksmith, ranch, $45 fd.
Cook. Lake County hotel, $35 and found.
5 crosscut sawyers. Sonoma County $40 fd.
BOOKKEEPER AND BUTCHER.
SEE BOSS HERE.
To run branch shop, country, see boss here.
MURRAY A READY. C34 and 636 Clay gt.
FARMER and wife, Alameda County, fare 60c,
$50 and found.
Tinner, city Job, $3 day.
Poultryman for large vineyard. $30 found.
16 teamsters, city Jobs, $2 day.
4 laborers, lumber company, fare $3. $35 fd.
Young man. butcher shop, 10c fare, $10 wk.
MURRAY A READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
FREE FARE.
55 laborers, you'll suit.
Tinner, factory, fare 10c. $3 day.
Fhort order lunch counter cook. $40 found.
MURRAY & READY. t34 and 636 Clay 6t.
HEAD donkeym&n for woods. $75 and found.
Carpenter and blacksmith, ranch, San Mateo
County. $45 and found.
Crosscutter for logs, sawmill company, $45
ar.d lour.'l.. ¦
BUTCHER— BOSS HERE.
Bookkeriier. butcher, all round man, $45 fd.
Laundryman. institution, $30 and found.
Shift boss, good mine, manager here.
2 handy men, mine, all round men. $3 day.
4 sheepherders. fare $1 50, S30 and found.
Choren-.an. Colusa County, $.1T> and founds
Farmer and wife, cook, 5 men. ranch. $50 fd.
MURRAY A READY. 634 and 63« Clay st.
HARNESS makerTTare $i 25, ranch, $30 fd.
Carpenter, Monterey County $3 a day.
. MONTEREY COUNTY.
26 laborers, steady, gool Job — FREE FARE.
25 laborers. Solano County — FREE FARE.
23 laborers, Fresno County — FREE FARE.
. LOOK.
Sack sewer, fare $1. big harvest Job, $2 25 a
day and found.
B'Jtter-maker. San Mateo County, dobs here,
$35 and found.
Teamster. 4 and 6 horses, city dairy com-
pany, $1 75 u day and found.
LOOK.
Janitor, city Job. $30 and found.
Laundryman. fare 50c. $40 and found.
Helper on cakes. 10c fare, good bakery, $6
week and found.
Waiter, bakery. 10c fare. $10 week found.
Boy. learn baker trade, 10c fare, $8 week.
Janitor. Scotch. $60.
Second cook, hotel, fare $1 60, $35 and found.
Laborer, do butcher work at mine, $1 25 a
day and found.
Farmer and wife, ranch, near city, boss
here. $50 and found.
3 harnves cleaners, hostlers, city. $75
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st
A — 3 TALL men to wear our advertising cos-
tume on city and country streets. MURRAY
A READY. C34 and 636 Clay st.
GARDENER, 3 cows private, fare 80c $35 fd.
FREE FARE. ,
120 laborers, Northern California— FREE.
LOOK.
Plasterer, fare SOp, No. 1 Job $5 to $6 day.
Lather fare 80c. No. 1 Job, $2 60 M.
Fireman, dredger. farir-$l. $40 found.
Carpenter, city Job. $3 day.
2 carpenters fare $1 60. $3 60 day.
LOOK.
Cook. 6 men, mine, fare advanced, $25 to
$43 and found.
' Baker and pastry cook, $50 and found.
Laundryroan for springs. $25 and found.
Eaurage maker. Northern Cal. $60 found.
LOOK.
6 laborers, private, extra good Job, fare 25c,
$2 day.
Laborer, ratchet holes In Iron, city. $3 day.
LOOK.
Night porter, day porter, city wholesale
house. $40.
Driver, milk wagon. $25 and found, fare 15c
4 boys city factories, $4 week.
Porter and meet trains, $20 and found.
FREE FARE.
66 laborers. Southern California, free fare.
MURRAY A READY, 634 and C30 Clay st.
WANTED — A good salesman to represent us
in San Francisco and surrounding territory;
liberal pay to right party; must be a mem-
ber of lodges. Address Qulncy Regalia Co.,
Qulncy. 111. - - ' ¦ ¦
YOUNG man of good appearance as salesman
In tailoring department; muftt have seme ex-
perience. Apply 8. N. WOOD A CO.. 740
•Market st.
GOVERNMENT positions — Call at 025 Golden
Gate ave., room 7, for free Information as
¦ to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.; day
cr evenlni™. - v
TOI'NG man having experlencs as bookkeeper
and soliciting from architects and contractors.
Apply In writing. 761 Mission Bt.
A GOOD floorwalker wanted for city store?
•rive experi-nce, references and salary ex-
I pfcted. -"Cox 437. Call office.
SHIPPING clerk wanted, one familiar with
the suburban points. Apply superintendent's
office, the Emporium.
WANTED—3 experienced cutters: must come
well recommended. Scotch Plaid Tailors,
1CO0 Market st
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale; very cheap.
316^4 Third st.
MEN and women wanted to learn the! barber
trade, free of charge, Glllett College of
Barbers, 647 Commercial st. ,
FIRST-CLASS bricklayers wanted at Fairmont
Hotel. Mason and California sts.
BARBER shop .or sale, cheap. EUREKA
REALTY CO.. 783'j Market st.
BARBER shop for sale; clears $25 per week;
rent $8. 3147 Twenty-fourth st '
WANTED — Sailors and ordinary seamen for all
parts of Europe. LANE'S, 604 Davis st
HEAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO.
638 MARKET STREET.
AUCTION,
AUCTION,
AUCTION. •
Tuesday June 7,1904,
At our salesroom at 12 o'clock noon.
HAYES-ST. INVESTMENT, r
Nos. 62G-628 Hayes st and 609-C11 Ivy ave.,
west of Laguna st: lot 25x120 feet, running
through to rear "street; improvements consist
of two very beautiful flats fronting on Hayes
St.. containing 0 rooms and bath each, and two
first-class flats fronting on rear st. Ivy ave.;
rent $8o 60 per month; mortgage $1800.
CLARA-ST. INVESTMENT.
Nos. 17-10 Clara st, west of Third; lot 55x00
feet; Improvement 3 flaw of 5-8-8 rooms and
bath each; new modern plumbing; renting for
$32 per month; mortgage of $1000 in German
Bank.
CLEMENTINA-ST. INVESTMENT.
No. 20 Clementina st, west of First; Jot 23x
80 feet; Impjovements consist of a 2-«tory frame
building of 10 rooms, and bath; also rear house
of 4 rooms and basement; rent $40 per montn.
VALPARAISO-ST. INVESTMENT.
Nos. 82-84-86 Valparaiso »t.. east of Taylor;
lot 23x60 feet; improvements consist of 3 flat".
containing 3-3-6 rooms; alsp rear house with 5
rooms and basement of 2 rooms and cellar;
also 3 unfinished rooms in basement of front
flat; mortgage of $1000 can remain.
8ACRAMENTO-ST. RESIDENCE.";
No. 3106 Sacramento st. west of Baker; lot
25x137:6 feet; elegant 2-story residence of. 9
rooms and bath; renting for $50 per month.
12TH-AVE BUILDING CORNER.
NW. cor. of 12th ave and M st; lot 67:6x
100 feet.
Building, lot on E line of Oth ave.. 173 feet
north of O st; lot 25x100 feet.
V i™ ' MISSION CORNER.
SE. cor. of 24th and Capp sts.; lot 59x63 ft.:
Improvements consist of a 2-story building,
containing store and flat above of 5 rooms;
only small portion of the lot now built upon;
mortgago of $3100 can remain; rent $34 per
month.
BRODERICK-ST. RESIDENCE.
No. 2211 Broderlck st. south of Jackson: lot
27:8%xll2:6 feet; Improvements consist of a
2-story residence of 8 rooms and porcelain
bath, open plumbing, etc.; rent $35.
SUTTER- ST. BUILDING LOT.
South line of Sutter st. 110 feet east of
Stelner: lot 27:6x137:6 feet.
NORTH OF PARK BUILDING LOT.
Westerly line of Wlllard st. 100 feet south
of Turk; 25x100 feet; sewered, etc.
MISSION-ST. INVESTMENT.
No. — Mission St. west of 9th; lot 23x125
feet; improvements consist of a 9-room dwell-
ing; good foundation; house in flrst-class order;
rent $40 per month.
TWENTIETH -ST. BUILDING LOT.
North line of 20th st 253 feet west of
Church: lot 25x114 feet.
ALSO
Southerly line of 20th st., 130 feet west of
Church: lot 2.1x114.
s EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO..
' 638 Market st
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
\ 638 MARKET STREET.
$39,000 — A strictly downtown business in-
vestment In immediate vicinty of Montgomery
and California sts.; Improvements consist of a
substantial 4-story and basement brick build-
ing; stores and rooming-house; could be
changed into modern office building with very
little cost to be made to pay handsomely; this
property is being: sold to close an estate and
must be taken advantage of immediately.
$32,000— Geary st. near Larkin ; lot 60x120
feet through to rear street; Improved with a
10-room building; this Is a magnificent site
for an apartment house.
$24.000 — 0 handsome new fiats, containing 6
looms and bath each; lot running through to
rear street; pays a magnificent revenue of
$217 15 per month; positively new and modern
in every respect; only $12.0C0 needed to pur-
chase this property; owner will take mortgage
on balance.
$22,000 — Important business corner on Devis-
adero st ; 37 : ft- foot frontage ; Improvements 2
stores with 3 rooms and bath In each; also 2
fiats, 5-6 rooms; 8-foot basement; rent' $133
per month
$8250— Howard st. near 13th; 2 flats, 6-7
rooms and bath; large basement; rent $30 per
month.' -r 1 ¦-¦•.
$7750—50x80 feet on the last line of Rltch
st..' backing up to 3d st; 3 cottages and stable,
renting for $38 per month.
$7750 — 2 beautiful flats situated on Guerrero
St.; ti-10 rooms and baths;. rent $63 per month;
concrete sidewalks and bitumlnized street;
mortgage $4000. ' -'""
$7500—2 beautiful flats In the Park Pan-
handle district: 6-6 rooms and bath; perma-
nently rented for $b°2 50 per month.
$7250 — Washington «t, near DevUadero; two
flats, 3-4 rooms; porcelain bath; high basement;
new plumbing; first-class condition: only
built: completely furnished with piano, etc,
which can be purchased very cheap ; owner
leaving for Europe; mortgage $3000.
$7000— Devisadero st. near" California; key
lot. 27: 6- foot frontage, with modern cottage of
6 rooms and bath; unfinished basement.
$1000 — 2 modern flats on Leavenworth at. ;
permanently rented for $62 60 per month; this
is a sacrifice and should be taken advantage of.
$4700 — a corner on Point Lobos ave.; 40- foot
frontage; present Improvement a 6-room house
and high basement; strictly modern; also a
lot facing Point Lobos ave.. 45x85 feet; $1200
mortgage; rent $26.
. $1500 — 2 beautiful new flats, 5-0 rooms and
bath each; high basement; granite bulkhead;
desirable portion of the Mission.
$4250 — South of Market investment; 2 elegant
flats. 5- C rooms and bath; rent $45 per month;
Tehama St.. near 6th.
J.T.'SO— 2 beautiful little cottages of 4 large
rooms each; large basement; stationary tubs;
patent flush toilets; rent $32 per month; warm
belt of Mission.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO..
";; \ 633 Market St.
SPECK A CO.. . ¦'
. 209 Montgomery st,
2C0 Montgomery St.,
209 Montgomery st,
, REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Selling. Leasing.
Rents coljected. Insurance.
$45,000 — Vicinity Bush and Kearny; stores
and three floors above: brick building; lot
fronts 35 feet rents $265.
$35,000— Howard st, near Third: 60x160 feet;
8000 square feet; key lot and 2 frontages; this
lot on Third st would be worth $100,000.
$25,000 — Corner; new building;; rents $224; lot
36:6x100 feet - v» ¦,
$21,000— Larktn-st business corner; lot 33
feet frontage; rents $1800 annually.
$20.000 — Polk-st business property; 2 stores
and lcdglng-house; lot 30x03 feet; rents $145;
$10,000 bank mortgage can- remain.
$18,500— Po3t St.; lot 62:6x124 feet: 2 front-
ages; ve.ry good improvements; rents $140.
$18,000— Bargain: Ellis st., near Larkin; S
houses: lot 27:6x120 feet; Z frontages; $0000
bank mortgage can remain.
$11,000 — Corner Seventh st. ; SB feet frontage;
fine building site.
$8500 — 2 stores and 4 flats; corner north of
Market st; 43:6 feet frontage; yearly rents
$966; paying 11% per cent.
$.'000 — Mission business corner; t stores;
rents $480 yearly: lot 43xS0 feet
RESIDENCES.
$15,W> — Callforata-st residence; 12 rooms
and bath; lot 35x137:6 feet; choice- block.
$9000 — Elegant home; 9 rooms and bath;
mortgxge ?«C00 can remain: lot 30x117:9 feet;
2 frontages.
$1500 — 4-room cottage; lot 27:6x100 feet;
Mission warm belt .
CHOICE LOTS. *
$13,000 — NW. corner; 56:6x137:6 feet; unsur-
passed marine view; must be sold this week.
$8000 — Broadway, north aide and best resi-
dence block; unobstructed view; lot 27x137:6
(ect - jgHMPWaBKili
BPECK Sk CO.,
2C0 Montgomery St.. opposite Mills building.
THOMAS MAQEE A SONS.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS. \
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
$16,600.
NEW PARK RESIDENCE.
60x137:8. '
¦ Fine 2-story. English basement residence on
north fide of street having an artistic den In
white pine, open fireplace In burnt pine, large !
stairway and reception hall in white pine, nat-
ural finish: large reception-room looking into
the park, with elegant mahogany grate; din-
ing-room in Flemish oak finish; conservatory,
butler's pantry, kitchen and servants' room.
i -Permission to Inspect obtained at our sffica.
Second floor has 4 bedrooms, bath, toilet
I large clothes, cedar and linen closets.
Basement has laundry and Chinaman's room.
Electricity throughout; fine yard and lawn;
street work done. ' i
$1 23 PER week; no Interest; lots in the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract; all level; no scrad-
irc to do; ready to build your llttla home
: on; close to electric car* and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st. room 5. ;
FREE homestead presented by Uncle Sam un-
der ¦ new Government canal In Nevada. See
, J.E.' GORDON. C28 Crossley bldg.; 2:30 to S
* • p.' m. , dally. . ' '•
'SNAP — Cozy sunny cottage, 6 rooms, barn anj
-laundry; -latest- Improvements; -north side
O'Farrell st; $4000 only. Inquire 13U3 De-
visadero. between 10 and 12 a. m.
RKAI, ESTATE — CITY— ; FOH SALE.
$500 — WE have been authorized to sell a few
lots. 25x100. only 1 block Mission st, near
33d «t. r street graded, sewered; $5<> cash,
balance $5 month. 0 per cent int-rest. MI.-i-
SION RKALTY COMPANY. 2 20th st.
MONEY at 6 per cent for tl>e full cost .>f
buildings and part lot Manhattan Savings
Bank. 107-8-9-11 Crocker build Ing.
GOUGH, 609 — Must sell at once; 14 rooms.
$400; 'rent $35; make offer.
FINE cor.. 75x80. nr. Market st: « blocks
west City Hall. Room 217 Parrott building.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. 838 Howard st.
REAL ESTATE— Cnnntrr— -For Snle.
GREAT bargain — Rich. Irrigated farms; blf
canal: free water right; very cheap; easy
terms; homeseeker's opportunity. C M.
WOOSTER CO.. 643 Market st.
CHARCOAL burners — We have 2C0 acres
heavy oak. manzanlta and madrona Umber
. to turn Into charcoal; will sell for royalty
¦ or percentage; three miles from R. R.; down
hill; easy to reach. Hermosa Ranch Co.,
Cloverdale, Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 043
Market st.
SOUTHERN Oregon Irrigated lands, dairy
farms, stock ranches, alfalfa land, timber
land, mines. S. C. TRAYNER. 8O4 Kemrny.
I*OI.\T RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT at Stege. on Santa !"• J
and electric roads; land $300 per acre; lots
I 60x200 at $150; orchard of 13 acres and
buildings $400 per acre: monthly payments;
send for maps. etc. Haight, 401 Cal. st.. S. F.
FOUR choice lots cheap for cash. Apply 32&
Bush st. third floor, room 4. ¦
BEBKELEY ADVEET'S'M'NTa
BERKELEY REAL ESTATB.
BERKELEY BUSINESS PROPERTY as aa
investment is equal to anything on th«
coast. There Is money to be made by buy-
ing that class of property— five local trains;
every hour from Berkeley station to Saa
Francisco.
Berkeley Is a village no more — It Is the
center of California for many things.
BERKELEY IS CALIFORNIA.
SOME GOOD BUYS.
A thoroughly well-built two-story brick build-
ing, a NVV corner. 6 stores below and flat*
above, paying well.
A fine corner on Shattuck ave., very promi-
nently located; vacant; there's money In It
A stone and brick warehouse, fitted with com-
partments, elevator etc., in a business center;
leased for five, .years.
A business block on Telegraph ave., 2 stores
and lUts above with vacant corner adjoin-
ing for flats; a choice proposition.
JO9. J. MASOX,
Cor. Center and Shattuck, Berkeley.
OOOD Investments near new Santa Fe.
ALL ON EASY PAYMENTS.
End of Mock; 271 ft. frontage on track: 3
blocks from Berkeley station $230<>
Lot 25x100; 1 block from railroad $20O
Lot 40x135; mac.; within H block.. $4.1O
Half block adjolnmjt R. R. property $2600
Buy where values are Increasing.
Several hundred other lots and a number of
cheap houses.
CHA3. A. BAILEY,. 1C58 University ave..
Near San Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
BERKELEY INVESTMENT.
Double your money! Non-resident has over
14CO feet divided into 4iVfoot lots. Including
corners, between Santa Fe R. Fl., Key Route
and S. P. R. R. depots; near school, etc.;
$7 60 per foot as a whole for immediate sale.
HARRY L. HOLCOMB. 314 San Pablo ave.
$2750— SIX-ROOM house: lot 40x133; stree;
work and sidewalks complete: east of Shat-
tuck ave.. near university and station: $500
cash, balance $23 month, including Interest
at 8 per cent. MORAN A SWAIN. 2131
Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1018 BROADWAY.
OAKWSD REAL ESTATE.
MANUFACTURERS AND EVERYBODY. .
SEE THIS FINE BUILDING SACRIFICED.
1 have for sale a larjrs building at Elmhurst.
Cal.. a suburb of Oakland, built for a hotel,
but too large for the place, and I have a late,
order to sell It for the best price I can get
The building is 60xlC0 feet and contains 40
large rooms; a gas plant in good order In a
building In the rear, and gaa and water fix-
tures all over the house. The lot Is on tho
principal street with street railroad In front,
and la 113x136:7 feet on Jones ave.: a cemsnt
sidewalk 15 feet wide on two sides. It is
well adapted for any kind of manufacturing,
with electric power plant near by; or a hun-
dred other purposes to be suggested. Th*
owner Is a very old man and Is closinar up his
affairs and says SELL for WHAT IT WILL
BRING See the building and make me an offer.
IRA C. JENKS. ¦—
1209 Broadway. Oakland. Cat.
BELDEN* 3 BARGAINS.
$930^ — An elegant elevated site for a hom«:
see that choice lot. 40x113, in beautiful Co!leg»
Heights. Thirty-fourth and Webster sts.
$4400— Pretty 8-room home in Linda Vista;
all new and lot 37x118.
$325O— Nice 7-room cottage and lot. 41x123,
on Filbert st. near Twelfth.
$3100 — 11 per cent Income Investment and
good speculation: fine flats with 30- foot lot;
splendidly located; near San Pablo ave.: la
rapidly advancing district; rent $27 and can n*
Increased; might consider good- lot in part pay-
ment.
$2500 eac!> — Only 2 more left of those Jon«a
estate cottages on Jones st, bet. Telegraph
ave. and Grove st: right In heart of city; tt
rooms and bath; lots 30x100. and the best bar
gains ever offered. BELDEN. real estate. 1112
Broadway. Oakland.
$500— $10 monthly: cottage of 3 rooms; good
barn and stable: chicken. houses and flne>
chicken-run: assorted family orchard In full
bearing: fine well of water: full \* acre rich
sandy loam soft: n*ar fine school and electrii
car line/ church and town hall; a lovely sec-
tion ¦ away from fogs and winds. . adjoining
East Oakland; price $1230; this Is a fln»
pick-up. Call or send for circular, 455 Sev-
enth, opp. Broadway Station, Oakland; car-
riage free. H- Z- JONES, owner. „
REMOVAL REMOVAI*
THE ALDEX COMPANY. REAL ESTATE.
HAS REMOVED FROM 1118 BROADWAT
TO 1233 BROADWAY.
REMOVAL— REMOVAL.
Geo. H. Vose, Real Estate Broker and
bouse renter, has removed from 1113 Broad-
way to 072 Broadway, corner 10th st
<AK l^^J^J^J^^^^S^r^i^.
TO^MO^S5w^the~^ay~7or^bargaIns in TTurnN
ture. H. Schellhaas.llth st.cor.store.Oakland.
San Francisco Advertisemts.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRYANT, 421 — Two sunny rooms, furnished
for housekeeping; gas^
ELEVENTH. 106 — Sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; gaa stove.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1329,* near Scott— Floor
of 3 or 4 rooms, furnished coninlete for
housekeeping; rent reasonable.
, JESSIE, 333 — Large, sunny parlor, furnished
housekpng. ; gas; $3 week ; other rooms cheap.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Fine—
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths: rats P »3.
LARKIN 326. cor O. G. ave.— Furnished sun-
ny; central; bath; phone; run, water; rea*.
LARKIX. (517 H— Nicely furnished sunny front
rcooa; folding bed; gas stove; reasonable. -
MCALLISTER. 1«71— Z sunny furnished con-
nnctlng: complete: kitchen, bath, all con-
ventences: reasonable.
OAK. 10 — One large room, furnished complete
for housekeeping, with gaa stove.
OAK. 10—2 rooms, complete for housekeeping:
use of piano. -
OAK. H7. and 333 McAllister — Rooms com-
plete, housekeeping: gas range, hot bath,
laundry. $5 and $12. *
O'FARRELL, 324— Newly furnished rc^ms, 1.
2 or 8; just opened; very reasonable.
POLK 012— $14; bedroom kitchen, gas stove,
bath": large from suite. Louaekeeplng; .. rtaa.
Continued on Page Fourteen*
TIKI.!' \VA>TKT) — "U \M-% — rnnllntiPi).
WANTED — Young man who I? a thoroughly
experienced jewelry and silverware saleEman;
must have K-cal experif nee. Apply between
» and 11 a. m. "at HALE BROS."
ALL
Men to learn the BARBER TRADE: only
oil? lit weeks required; positions secured: con-
stant practice and expert instruction; special
effer and catalogue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
.WANTED — Three flrst-class carriage black-
smiths and three first-class body makers;
good wages and steady employment to right
parties Apply A. MEISTER & SONS CO.,
Sacramento, Cal.
SALESMEN wanted to sell nursery stock; |
cash advanced weekly; write Immediately for !
territory before It Is all assigned. CHICO
NURSERY CO.. Chlco. Cal.
WANTED — Laborers ami mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 .new rooms to the Denver Houre,
217 Third St. ; 250 rooms; 25c to 60c per nlgfit.
TRY our men's shots, union mnde, at $1 and
81 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50: we pay
express or mail charges. 1J 3d St.. Exam. bid.
TWO-chalr barber shop for sale; good location.
1038 Mission st. corner Sixteenth.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade; wages
while learning. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and youns men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st
Pension Atty.. E. A. Bullls. r.40, Phelan bids.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, O. A. R.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mai^
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms:
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch of flee, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
ALL sixes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. f>63 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.-.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to 50c. 5C3 Mission Ft., bet 1st and 2.1 sts.
HOUSES AXD WACOM.
FOR sale— Pacing mare, $175; 7 years old, very
fast; ger.tle in every respect; safe for wo-
man to drive: will go double. For particu-
lars address box 960. Call.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horses, wag-
ons surreys, buggies, carts and harness; at
1140 Folsom st.
SAN FRANCISCO Veterinary. College^ — Next
session begins June G. Catalogs by applying to
DR. E. J. CREELEY. 610 Golden Gate ave.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson, S. F.
TEN fine camping wagons, surreys and rubber-
tire buggies; new and old; cheap. 1504 Foj-
som st.
ROAN horse. 4 years old; well broke; cheap.
3SC3 Eighteenth st.
FOR sale^ — Two second -hand platform spring
wagons and one truck. 233 Beale st.
SECOND-HAND camping wagon. 843 Howard
street
RANTED— To buy a light buggy In good run-
nlng order. Box 37C8. Call office.
A SORREL horse for sale; broke, single. Box
168. Call office.
BAY mare for sale; a good stylish driver; gen-
tle; 6 years old. Box 100, Call offlc«
HORSE, dark brown. styliBh' and sound, T
years old for sale. Box 705, Call office.
FIRST class 2d hand express wa«on with top.
Inquire N. BULLERDIECK. 1C54 Mission.
NEW and second-hand wagons all kinds, at
1615 Market st, opp. Franklin.
HORSES of all grades bouxht. sold and ex-
changed. H. ATKINSON. 65 Hermann st.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
nes«. work and <ir!vln«; horses. l.'.th-Valencla.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H UMBSEN A CO.. 20 Montgomery.
Hit. SKS TO Ltd KlK.ViSHKIJ.
FURNISHED house; In ijlssIo^TT's'Tooms'Tind
bath; reasonable to desirable party. J. C.
Pitcher. <ith and Hooper sts. ; phone South 375,
HOUSES FURNISHED — FOR SALE.
NICELY furnished house of 7 rooms, close In;
will sell reasonable. Tel. Polk 3S41.
$375 — SNAP downtown house, 9 nicely fur-
niahed rooms; 8 rented. Box 4C8. Call office.
SAH JOS^^TO^^HOUSES TO MT.
FOR rent — 6-room cottare in San Jose; fur"
nl*ted comoletely; beautiful garden; all
ki nils of fnMt RnJ berries; near car line.
Address 647 South Eleventh St.. Pan Jose.
COtTKTB"Sr HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent — One fi-room house, with bath "conv
pletc-ly furnished: lawn and flower garden,
some fruit; tine chance for any one wishing:
to Btay In country three or four months. For
particulars address MRS. M E. EPLEY
Napa, Cal.^
HOUSES WANTED.
RESPONSIBLE party wishes to take charge of
residence while owner la away. 911 Bush st.
IXVEST.ME.XTS.
GOOD investment — A limited numcer of shares
at 25c rer share; this stock will be worth
one dollar ($1) por share wltnin a year; call
or write Osreola Mining and Development
Company. 414 Crossley building. S. F.
fcAPBTCHES rO» EXSXL
C. A. MO'EILL LAUNCH CO., foot \ Ofi Ctay
et. ; for pleasure and business; tel Bush 634.
J. Mtchaells Launch Co..Unlon-st. wharf; boat-
Ing & excursions. 5 Steuart St.: tel. John 2C86.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — On Oakland train or ferry, small grip
containing money. Heavy reward on return-
Ing to SELBY BROS.. 1150 Market st.. Ban
Francisco, or 1057 W»shlngton st, Oakland.
LOST — Black ' pointer dog, Sunday, between
Twenty-second and California sts. Return to
E. D. FEIL, 2500 Clay st. receive reward.
LOST — Gentleman's watch fob, diamond
buckle; liberal reward. Room 22, Donohoe
_buildlng.
LOST— Lady's watch with monogram, "L.J.H."
¦ Address J52C Franklin st., Oakland.
LOST — Black pup cocker spaniel; white breast
Return 000 Guerrero st. ; reward.
FOUND — Cocker spaniel. Owner can have
same by paying expenses. 100 Noe st
MEDICAL. ~~~~
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
crbltant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience in all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. "WHITE
' 702 Market st, rooms 7 and 8,
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market st, opp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 CO by express. Pasteur'e
syringe and tablets; price $ft. -' By - expraw
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, • wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL-lAll who are sick or
¦in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most, difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office, 1018 Market st.
SPECIALIST for women; DR. R. H. WES*
TON, office 305 Kearny St.; "hours, 10-4, 7-8;
consult a graduate physician; It pays; irregu-
larities relieved: safe, sure and confidential.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, above Van Ness — Ex-
pert in obstetrics, female complaints; inst.
relief; treatment $10; hours 10 to 0; 25 yrs.ex.
MlisrD. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care: low. fees.
MRS. DR. GWYER. "having secured lease of
premises. Is permanently located at 511 A
Leavenworth st, bet. Geary and O'Farrell.. :
MATERNITY Villa — Secluded; confldentlaL
DR. EMILIA FUNKE. 1416 8th st. Alameda.
LADIES' irregularities cured; ¦ 18 years' ex. i
private. DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny st.
LADIES — Kumround: safe, rure,- never falls;
$2. Oleason-Rugglcs Drug Co., Kearny A Clay.
DR. ROSEN resides '2995 Folsom 'st,- corner
26th; ladies, relief or no fee: $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
. original . method of treatment. 1120 . Market
M I S CK LL . V NEO rs~t'O R. SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont st.
STANDARD oil rig. tully equipped, and 1500
feet of casing, 11% In. to 7% in.; a'.3o 1300
feet of 8 and 6 inch drive pipe. Apply for
particulars GAFFEY A MAHON. 605 Caii-
: fcrnla st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? —
Repair.it with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron tla or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market »U
AA— INGLESIDE POULTRY YARDS, 807 Mt.
Vernon ave. ;• take Ocean View car, get oft
-at the steel bridge; largest variety of thor-
i oughbred eggs; write for prlco list; chicks, 10c
| 2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, ihaftipg, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
A— FINE suits. $7 50; dress paints. $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearny et.
near Bush; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-258 Spear St. '.
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and .Tuxedo
suits to rent at.LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
•Stockton st. . _J__
DIAMONDS, washes and Jewelry for sale on
email . weekly payments, j United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st. *
J. COOPER, genta'- full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st.
upstalre ; W _. _^^_
PAINT your old and. new metal and shingle
roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to Etop all leaks In the one and preserve the
, new. 205 Front St.; tel Main 1428.
ALTERATION Eale— Best . $2 60 hats, $1 60.
Popular Price Hatter; 330 Kearny. rt. near
Pine; open to 9 p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 CO; wo pay express
5 charges. 11 3d St., Exam. bid. ; catalog free.
S1XOND-HAND sealskins, old gold and dia-
monds boucht; send postal; will call.. 1 New
Municipal Loan Office, 617. "Washington st.
LAUNCH for sale; hunting cabin; 6 H.P.;
new engine; snatf. 1528 Bay st., Alameda.
AWNINGS tents.new.second hand. SUN TENT
& AWNING. CO.. 42 Spear -st; tel. John 04S6.
FOR sale — Elesant CO-lIght. electric bath cab-
inet; reasonable. Electric Works, .227 Ellis.
TENTS for rent or sale; ROSS McMAHON
TENT & AWNING CO.,35 Mkt.Tfcl.Bush 858.
PIGEONS — All the leading varieties; stamp for
catalogue. C. "WILSON, office 229 Stevenson.
BRITANNICA Encyclopedia, latest edition, 31
vols. KING'S, 01 McAllister St.. nr. Market.
EDISON Phonograph Agency, Peter Baclgalupl,
moved to 7S0 Mission st. • ,
SECOND-HAND safes, $55: 60-lnch desk, $27.
RICHARDSON BROS.. 816 Market st.
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap; some
new; 18x16. 319 Third st; tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds and watches;
easy payments. GARIN. 803 Hayward bldg.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
SOME good second-find gasoline engines, 1 to
• 12 h. P.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co., 122 Mkt.
SAFES — Now and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictares, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A. Breck.- 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market St.
GASOLINE engines, auto»- -biles and launches;
all size*. J. E. r>OAK. 46 Fremont st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
. ~ ~~ ~~
BIG prices raid fcr old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds gents' lull dress suits etc.; send
Vestal ' card. LICHTJENSTEI.V BROS.. 23
Stockton st.
WANTED— Electric automobile in flrst-class
condition. Address, with description and
lowest price, box 671, Call office.
MORRIS gives highest prices for ladies' and
gents" castoff' clothing; postal. 643 Folsom.
HIGHEST price, paid for castoff clothing. Tet
Davis 825; C50 Sacramento, st
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st: tel. JessU 2851.
DESKS bcught sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 7S2 Mission: phone Bush 467.
SHOES wanted: misfit & castoff; highest prc». :
new f.- 24-hand shnes for sale. 749 Mission.
UOKEV TO iOAA.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner building.
' Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Have expenses by dealing directly. "
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property In trust
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Ccurteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st 2d or 3rd
Mortgage, on realyestate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest
Give full particulars
of property or chattels,.
Location, etc.
. ..Box 400, Call office.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK,
INTEREST f.% AND 8 PER CENT.
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount advanced on CITY, OAKLAND,
TOWN AND COUNTRY real estate.
Second mortgages, estates In probate, undi-
vided interests in real estate, property In
trust; loans closed promptly.
MANHATTAN, LOAN COMPANY,
107-8-0-11 CROCKER BUILDING,
POST AND MARKET STREETS.
LOWEST BANK RATE. "
Any amount; first and second mortgages,
estates . In probate, undivided Interest In
estates, aeslgnmenti of rents, etc.. at lowest
rate of Interest.
RIVERS BROS.. 205 Montgomery st
SALARY LOANS— ~~~
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or plnno,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates: strictly confidential. National
Credit Co., «8 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market ft
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest, i Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846 Market; tel. Main 1C44. Branch, 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault i's protect-
ed from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton; phone Bush 4S4.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments: large business In
40 principal cities. Tolman, 653 Parrott bids.
I THE United Loan and. Trust. Co., 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), -loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. ... Phone Bush 484.
. AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no commission; Installments accepted.
BONELLI, 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet confidential. 26 Montgomery »t, rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and predcus .atones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st
STAR Loan Co. . of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311, Tlutual Sav.Bk.
bid.; Oakland office, 110314 Brdwy., suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 'Grant ave.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed - notes and other security. S.
V. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg. V
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st . . . -
ALL loan* on diamonds and'jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral, Loan Bank. 633 Kearny.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 708 Market st
1'4 Per cent on furniture and| pianos; no com.
_ charged. ELFV1NG. 616 Hearst bid.. Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORELL. 608 Examiner building.
TVI'ISWUITERS AXD BUPl'LIE.1."
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
, Smith Premier, $25; t pther typewriters ' at
\hlgher and lower prices; rentals $2 50.' The
\ Typewriting Exchange, 636 California st , <
A'FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars cf L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
'. gomery st. -;v, ",-•.¦;?> -. ,
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co., 60S Market
1 '"'"' 1 ' * «'* r - — Cod. I
W ANTED— Cook fW in family, no WhinS! \
*>-tpa Ccunty. &i5; cook plain «uk Ala-
m r*~.V°' J11 '->- *3»: <*ook for email farrjly ho-
t t rlrl fcr -*KKriran family of 4. rcm-
<tuI bodywork. ?^0; iv>ok for children fhoit
C. stance !n country. $.;o : girl for general
tousewcrk. 2 j n faciilj-. for Sausalito. (2&
Mtdxn .itij^er for country. StS. and a larse
cun-.lMT of eir:* for srntral housrwork an-.I
cooklnit for 1>ot}i city and country art $2i
and $:;i. per month. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
_^o34 Gutter rt.
Tl'AKTKD-Kirrt.cUw' waitress for sprinc*.
Klinsia County. $25: Gtrraan nurse. ¥25;
American nurin. (30: 2 nurses $20: ch»m-
l>ermaid and waitress. family' h. tel. *25;
Recond pirl. $25. Apply to J V. CItOSETT
__& CO.. 334 gutter st
FOl'R waitresses fcr same hotel in couniry.
• -5 each; 2 chambr rmaids. as«ift waiting in
hotels $25 each; 10 other waitr<-r«cs for ho-
tel*. %2o <ach MISS I'LUNKETT. 425 8ut-
tfr «t.. near Powell.
A COOK and second girl to do the work for an
American family of 4 person* $"55 and $25 a
rnonth; fare rairt. For particulars .call at
MISS I'WXKETTS. 425 Sutter -st., near
Pow*;i.
A CKlIv fcr an institution. $35: 4 cooks for
hc-tflt. jn city. $.¦£ each; a waitress at a mln.
ir.f camp, £25; a second girl for San Ra-
Caei. $£T,; a young girl to care for one grown I
child ami sew, San Rafael. $20 MISS
PLl'NKETT. 425 Suiter et.. near Powell.
I A COOK, summer r«=irt. $40; chariibrrcnald.
fSrt; cock. $35: housegl.-l. $:»; atcona girl.
S--. and a number of hou»esirl*. $25 ar.d
$30. MRS. NORTON. M Bsttrr st.
EXPEIHE30CED solicitor, e'.ther sex, every
community ; Improved, fast selling staple ar- I
. t!c!er perrr.aaMit exclusive territory; big
fur-re; Uherai cosirsisrlon. WARD A
SCHEIDLKR. 1233 Broadway. Oakland.
6EVING machine operator* ¦ also lady to <io
Ijli'..\zi9 «nd pressing. Appij J. J. PFIS-
TEK KNITTING CO.. 412 Polk et.
COMPETENT second glri. French. German or
Swedish; trages $25 Call' 2Mf Washington
tt.. in afternoon; carfare paid.
FIRET,CLASS hairdresVers or.i man'.curers
wanted. Apply at COSGROVES. 110 Geary.
BOOK foldtrs and Mtrerf wanted: steady em-
p4oymer.t. J. B ; McINTVRE. 424 Sansome.
WANTED— DresFmakers and apprentice. 121
Post et.. room 43.
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced cloak and
suit saleswoman. Address box 471. Call.
A PROFITABLE outinc: pick hops in August.
Write E. Clemens Uoret. 122 Eattery et.S.F.
FIRST-CLAKS tailore»» on pants wanted. Call
at 1318 Van Ness ave.
GIRL for s/enera.1 housework in small family.
Flat C17 rtroderlck «., near Fulton.
¦WANTED— Smart, willing girl or woman to
assist. j>71 Adeline. st.. Oakland.
WANTED — Experienced alteration hands on
suits and *k'.rt«. Call at STRAUSS &
FROHMAVS. 107 Post st.
WANTED— A woman who is a first-class chi-
ropodist and understands hairdressing; state
experience. Apply box 440. Call office.
GERMAN girl fcr second work and plain iron-
::>r: io washing. 1S17 California st
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan Sc Church sts.
A E1UNCH orCt-r cf The Call for the receptioa
cf advertliemects and eubscrtptlons ' has been
cpem-d at 1008 Market at, opposite Ftfta.
Op-'r. t:rtll 11 r. tn.
UELP WASTED — .1IAL.:.
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY^ %
14 Third *t.. near CaJI bldg.: phone Bush 405.
THE STATE OF NEVADA.
CHEAP FARE— REFUNDED.
U. S. GOVERNMENT WORK.
25 tea xc.r ten. $<J7 So a month,
35 !i.borert. $00. a month,
lu drillers, rockmen. hammermen, $75
GOLD MINE.
4 single and dtmble hand miners, $3 day.
SAWMILL CREW.
C laborers, n-.i!!, $H5 to $40 and found.
Second trimmer. $40 and board.
Board ruller, $45 and board.
£> section hands. pawn-.Ul, $33 and found.
10 lumber ri'ers, $35 to $40 and found.
4 hay teamsters. Jl ."¦'• a day and board.
Cook and wife, summer resort, S.B.H.. $50 fd.
WOODS CREW.
2 barkers, $45 ar.d board.
f> »coflchcpper». rjir.e. 4 f*et, $1 25 cord.
* orchard nfid vlnevard hands, .Sonoma
Courty. $2G ar.d board.
C labon.rs, quarry. $2 25 day.
. 10 ;•.-.<-:. quarry men. $2 ila day. •'.'
t CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 Third st
A— PACIFIC EMPLOTMENT AGENCY.
F. il. Gl'XK, C;8 Commercial rt.
Phone Main 1181; near Kearny st.
Th» v.-ag^s fcr you. boss here 10 a. m. to-
<Ia>\ fiiemar.. t '. and fd. : water-wagon driver.
$3 day and fd.: sacksewer. $3 and fd. ; 2 hold-
dnwri*. $2 50 and <d. ; 1 ssckturner, $2 50 and
. fd. — all tew work, and Fee boss at our of-
fice*; ship to-day: Santa Fe Company's own
*orfc Ui California; free fare. Laborera.
you'll <!o, $'iO. end only 8 hours; 5 2-horse
teamsters, free fare. California. $2 day, long
jfb. CO to It; I£eva(!a, ship dally, teamsters.
iabor»rs end rockm^n, f2 to $2 50 day. S
hours' wcrk. and you *ee boss here; band-
sawyer, $4 day; sash and door men $4 day,
f«* bo** in city, steady positions; boys for
l^ox factory.' fl fiS oar; boys, eash and door
trade. $1 50 flaj ; woodchojipers, from $1 25
to *2 cord: blacksmith, country. $2 and ii;
• anlZker».. ranch h"anSs. and hundreds of other.
}<">b*: call and *ee hm and go to work.
iAT CONTRACTOP.S' AGENCY.
THIRD FT. • TELEPHONE MAIN 5521.
ur.fc men for. office, country. $05.
e who understands telegraphy.
acktmUh and horeeehoex, $3 50, near city.
m and wife, private country home, boes
re.
m to run burly drill, quarry, north,
undryrr.an. country hotel. $40 and found,
nnelmen. Cal.. $2 .V) to $2 75; free fare.
umber. $3 50. fare 50o.
y blacksmith, railroad. $3 SO; free fare,
rht blacksmith, railroad. $3. free fare:
oodsrrien.- north: $40 ami found,
borers, %'i to $2 25. all ov? r State.
inch hand*. $1 25 and found,
icker hand. $4. n»ar#city.
arostert, ail over State. $2 to $2 25.
. HORD & SMITH.
K for 3 men. $20 and found: fry cook, $14
ek; bakT, country shop. $12 and found;
rtaurar.t ar.4 hotel waiters- and others.
F. CROPETT & CO.. «28 Sacramento st
TOTY-TRIMMER and cardwrtter, $25 a
*k; l*undryni»n for institution, $35 and
m<l: 2 ra'.llwrtjrhts. $3 SO day; 3. black-
ishs. $2 day-and board and $3 day; black-
Itha' helpers. $2 r,0 day. and board and $30
fl board; chor*man. $20 and found- ftfimer
a W.ff, $50; milfcejT. $30 and $35;. farmers
a t»»mrtr-r£. $»(» gnd $1 25 and $1 50 day;
tcher. $40 and found; track foreman and
— my others. J, F. CRO££TT A CO.. 628
Sacramento tt.
FJTA) CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
602 Clay st.; phone Jamee 2476.
NEVADA — Government Work — NEVADA.
Teamster*. Laborers, Tunnelmen.
5 hay balers. Sacramento County, $2 50 day
snd board. • . •
Miners, gravel tn!n«. -$2 50 day.
Fash and door hands, $3 day.
Teamsters, ditch, work. $1 25 day and board.
Milkers, hay hands, laborer* ete
CO.' Clay st ¦• .'..flC2 nay st.
A— AJTEP-ICAN EMPLOYMENT BI.-REAU.
tt»2" Commercial Et., Near Kearny
JIARVEET FIELDS — 3 men to buck ' «ack*
long Job. $2 25 day and foari-1. cheap fare;
2 laborers, ranch. $30 and found: 3 boys for
factory; 10 laborers, that means you, free
fare. S hcurs, $2 day. near city; 5 two-hone
teamsters, $2 day. free fare; assistant Jani-
tor, big office, cty. TTe ship to NEVADA.
Are you going?
A.arUKSC'Xor an institution; $33 and found-
must ep«ak Spaninh. MISS PLUNKfiTT. 423
Putter st, near Powell.
A MAM e.rA wife, ranch. $GO; man and wife
.toardinic-hocfe. *50. MRS.- NORTON, 313
Putter st.
A— HOTEL OAZETTIS,' 26 Montgomery, r. 12-1
2 beiiboyv, near city; no experience required.
WA>"^SD — 1 or & persons to learn good trade;
utrtidy work all jear round; must have $25
e*sh. Call 31O>4 Folsora et, upstairs.
A liAK of Indomitable energy and push, a qr-o.j
talker, castr to make money. F. PERSON.
4" snd 47«. Parrott building-.
WANTED — First-das* barber; no other need
spply. •O3'.i Hart it. ' •
A FIRST-CLASP barber for Saturday and Sun-
dey. 440 Bay tt.
A^lil'^HT errsr.d boy wanted. GANT.VER &
MATTKRN CO.. 20 Post et. - ,
EXPERIENCED floorwalkers wanted. Apply
superintendent's office, the Emporium.
FILK salesman wanted. Apply superintend-
ent's office, the Emporium.
A proflts'.ble outlhjr; pick hop* In August. Write
E. CLEMENS HORST CO.. 122 Battery st.S.F.
WAITER wanted; early. 600 Fourth «t.
TJARnrPP— VZA buys my shop with a money-
making bueincEt. 235 Eighth st
TOXl »»le — A rwd 2-chalr barber shop with 2
f urn.thed rpoms. B. BERNARD, 104 7lh tt.
MrSICAL ISSTUWIEJiTS.
ALL UPRIGHTS:
Neubert, new $250. now $60.
Fischer, new $325, now $35.
Hertz, new $300. now $67.
Russell new $3S5, now $135.
Colby new $425. now $180.
' 2 Chickerings, new $450, now $100, $133.
2 Steinwaya, new $575, $760; now $183. $323.
Heine, new $575. now $333,
and 60 otherr. Several squares at bargain
prices. Call and examine them. | Rents $2 up.
Installments $4 up. Old pianos* or organs taken
in exchange. Tuning $2. finest workmanship.
HEINE PIANO CO..
235-237 Geary st Oakland. 1252 Broadway.
A NICE small upright: good order .....$H)
One a little better, for practice .;...$.V>
One Kranlch & Bach, condition fine.. ...$100
One Belmont; mahogany case; a snap.. .$147
One Little Jewel; 'used three months. ....$150
One Sterling; walnut case; good order.. $155
One Mathushek; fine order; rosewood.. $165
Also one Chlckerin?, 2 Vose, 2 Stelnways, 2
Etecks, 1 Knabe ; all In first-class condition;
easy pay's. BenJ. Curtax & Son, 16 O'Farrell.
A SENSATIOnXl fire— Storage pianos and
furniture will be removed to North Beach
and ourned If not cold in a few days: thli
means storage planes and furniture almcet
cheaper than flre wood, and must be re-
movtd. VVhltehead's Storage. 1633 Market.
PIANOS for rent; $3 per month; the largest
and bast stock In San Francisco to select
from; pianos from $30 upward; our line the
best, our prices the lowest. SCOTT CURTAZ
PIANO CO., 360-64 Hayes st. . .
SPECIAL bargains this week; square pianos.
$25: uprights, $100 up; organs. $25. BYRON
MAUZY. 308 Post st.
WILL sell for storage, fine Hazelton and Vose
pianos. STATHAM'S. IIP McAllister St.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos, Ceclllan pfano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 808-312 Post st.
A BEAUTIFUL Steinway upright grand, as
gcod as new; cheap. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
$165— STEINWAY upright: private party; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ A CO.. 16. McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chickering baby grand;
Shoninger. little used. Keeffe's. 285 O'Farrell.
I'EUSONALS.
s^u^rIpluouTTiair r . ¦
Permanently removed by the use of "Sten-
zie," the most 'wonderful and effective der-
matological preparation ever placed before
the public; will positively remove by the
roots any growth that can be presented; will
not Injure most delicate skin. Sold and ap-
plied by Mrs. E. G. Henderson. 326A Ellis.
A LONG STORY MADE SHORT — A wrinkled
face porltiveiy restored to its former contour;
*lmpie, harmless, scientific method shown on
the 11 vint; face; permanency guaranteed. Call
or write for book, ."Hints on Beauty," free.
M. ELLA HARRIS, 781 O'Farrell st.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia pneumonia,
sore throat, ' etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c Manufactured eolely
by ROWELL & BROUN. 32 Turk St.. S. F.
A NEW METHOD — Your bust positively devel-
oped and enlarged by my method; magnetle
massage by appointed graduate, old school;
strictly confidential. MRS. HOLSHOUSER.
637 Bush st., apt. 309: phone Front 87.
THE Star Harr Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Its grswth. stops falllng.cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 13-18 Polk
Cancerous lumps, sores, Impure blood {affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.). speedily cured bs>
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 231 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
"VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness drains, vartcocele,
etc.; easily worn: $2 50 postpaid: physicians
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co.. 140 Geary. S.F.
RAQ-carnets wove to order and for sale; also
chlniUe-wove rugs. 'silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at /lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth st.. Oakland.
NOTICE Is hereby given that I have sold my
grocery store at 1601 Turk st. LOUI3 KOE-
NIG.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or writ*. DR.
O. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st.
A FINE suit to order on easy Installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Market st.
between Seventh and Eighth.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair A moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Travers, 1170 Market
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 30.
MIsttt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupcnt.
Actlna restores lost eyesight; cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3324 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 869 But-
ter, r. 609. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 33.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1. at all druggists'.
~~ " PA^MISTTI Y.
A— MME. LYMAN, scientific palmist, recently
from East. 460 Geary it. ; phone Green 39.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 513
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Black 661.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg., 632 Market st.
PHYSICIANS AND StHUEOX*.
DrTc7~C.~O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021H Market st., bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseues of the human body; for
past four years at 116-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at C67 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. U Po
Tai. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
I WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
' eaten cured by Chinese herbs. 743-8 Clay st
kKUIMi MACHINES AND Sl'IM'LIKl
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
. chines: slightly used; $10. $13, $20; second-
hand, $3. $3. $8: all styles: guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In ths
. United states or Panada one rear for tt.
6TORAGIC AND WAKKHOUSS1.
A— GILBERT A STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse, G. O. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel.Soutb 730.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture.
> household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard st, nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage* Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 37L
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate" ave. ; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 840
Mission st.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.: phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
tt.: tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
SPECIAL NOT1CK8.
Ladles'.. Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable: take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
In letter by return mall. Ask your drunirst.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
v, -SPECIALISTS. .
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottingham. 204 Rutt-- st
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Bulld-
' ing Society, 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building. 70S Market St.. opposite Third—
For the half yea* ending 31st of December,
' ' 1803, , a dividend has been declared at ¦ the
rate per annum of <12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
' DAY January 2. 1904.- JOSEPH A. LEON-
ABD, Manager. HUGH CRAIQ. Secretary
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. :¦ A , dividend. No. ... ee, of fifty
' cents ' (50c) per share on the issued capital
~ stock of the company has Been' declared,. pay-
able at tha office of the company,* rooms 202,
. , 204 j and ¦ 206, Hayward building, San Fran-
¦'. Cisco on June 10, 1904. Transfer books close
June 3. 1004. at noon. C. C. QUINN. Sec'tary.
DIVIDEND No. 0, 5 per cent, now due and pay.
able to depositors of Pacific Bank at 405 Mont-
gomery St., room 6. J. HOWARD BARNARD.Mrs. Benjamin Blackburn, a comely
matron, 24 years o£ age, presented
herself and her nine-year-old daugh
ter at - the Emergency Hospital at 1
o'clock this morning^ They were hun
gry, and the woman said her husband
was a drinking man, not ' able to sup
port his family, one of whom is a babe
of three years. She, wants a home for
her. children and' a chance to earn. a
living for. herself. She was cared for
at the hospital last night.; •
Hospital Has Early -Visitors.
. ARRIVED.
Wednesday, June 1.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland. 26 hours from Eu
reka.
BAILED.
Wednesday^ June 1.
Stmr Elizabeth. Jens*n, Coqaille River.
Stmr Marshfleld Dettmers, .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TATOOSH— Passed In June 1— Stmr Mlneola,
hence May 30. for Tacoma.
SEATTLE — Sailed June 1 — Stmrs Oregon and
Senator, for Nome.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU — Arrived June 1— Stmr So
noma, hence May 26.
Sailed June 1 — U S stmr Solace, for Guam;
Btmr Coptic, for San Francisco; schr Bertie
Minor for Eureka.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed June 1— Stmr Oceanic
for Liverpool.
QUEEN STOWN — Arrived June 1— Stmr Sax
onla, from Boston, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded; stmr -Merlon, from Philadelphia, for
Liverpool, and proceeded. ¦ .
Sailed June 1— Stmr Carpathla. from Liver
pool for New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed June 1 — Stmr Switzer
land, for Philadelphia.* ¦ - *¦
CHERBOURG— Arrived June 1— Stmr Patri
cia, from New York, via Plymouth, for Ham
burg, rand t>roceeded. * .¦ . -
. HONGKONG — Arrived prior to June 1 — Stmr
Chlng Wo, from Portland, Ore. .
LIVERPOOL— Sailed June 1 — Etmr Cedric,
for New : York. ¦¦ via Queenstown ; stmr Noord
land for Philadelphia, via Queenstown.
. LONDON — Sailed ; June ¦ 1— Stmr Nicarla,
from Hamburg,' etc., for San Francisco. .- *; I;
Late Shipping Intelligence.
Theresa A.. Oelrichs (wife of H.) to Virginia
.Vanderbilt (wife of W. K. Jr.), undivided half
of the following : < Lot on SW. corner • of Pine
and Sansome streets, W 222:6 by S 137:6; also
lot on 8 line of Pine street, 222:6 TV of San
some, TV 25 by 8 137:8; al«6 lot on S line of
Eleventh street^ and NW of Mission, NW 275
by SW 650; also lot on NW corner of. A' street
and Twenty-seventh avenue, N 195 by\W 120;
also lot on N line or Post street. 60 E of Kear
ny,.E 20, N 60,. E 57:6, 8 122:6. W 77:6; also
lot' on £ line of Montgomery street. 70:0 S uX
Elizabeth E. Tlmson to Abel W. Cudworth,
lot on E line of Laguna street, 100 N of Green,
N 21 by 12 100; $10.
Alphonso E. and Maria D. Sachns to Oussta
Caaner, lot on W line of Scott street, 100 S of
O'Farrell, S 25 by W 90; $10.
Thomas H.. and Sarah D. O'Connor to
Christena Carroll, lot on N line of Golden
Gate avenue, 178:6 E of Baker street, B 27:8
by N 137:6; $10. ' *
w Elizabeth L. Murray to J. Frank Walters,
lot on N line of .Pacific avenue 115 .W of
Baker street, W 33 by N 132:4; $10.
Matthew I. Sullivan to . Roman Cathollo
Archbishop of San Francisco, lot on SB corner
of Haight and Ashbury streets, K 126 by S 150;
$10.-
Charles and Jessie Patton to T. B. Draper,
lot on W line of Ashbury street, 82:6 N of
Hnlght. N 25 by TV 100; $10.
Antolne A. and Anna (or Annie) Majitke to
Oscar Heyman, lot on E line of Guerrero
street. 70 S of Ridley, S 21, E 90, N 17, W 40,
N 4, W 50; $5.
Oscar Heyman to Stephen T. Luck, same;
$10.
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to John
Gustavson, lot on E line of Stevenson street,
292:0 N of Fourteenth, N 27:0 by E C5; $10.
Charlotte U. Warren to Frank W. Warren,
lot on N line of Seventeenth street, 115 E of
Dolores. N 125:5% by E 33:7H: $1*>-
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Soclfcty to Flor
ence Wooster lot on N line of Twenty-first
street. 250 E of Castro, E 25 by N 114; $800.
George 8. Crim et al. to Grace M. Crim.'lot
on TV line of York street, 118 N of Twenty-first,
N 100 by TV 10O; $10.
Golden Gate Syndicate to Mary E. Ughtner.
lot on E line : of Fair Oaks street, ¦> 110 S of
Twenty-fifth, 8 50 by B 115; $5.
• Henry Buttner Jr. to Adelheld TVIrtz (wife
of Nicholas), lot on SE corner of Twenty
ninth and Church streets, S 27 by E 80; $10.
Ellen Folger to Folgcr Estate Company (cor
poration).' lot on S line of Clay street, 2C0 E of
Drumm. E 75 by 8 119:0; $10.
: Same to same, lot on E line of Davis street.
91:8 N of California.- N 45:10 by E 137:»: $10.
John Moroney (by. Murray F. Vandall, Com
mlsrloner) to German Savings and Loan So
ciety, lot on N line of Bush street, 110 "W of
Gough. W 30 by N 120; $7700. :
¦WEDNESDAY, JTTJNB 1.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS. .
OAKLAND, June 1. — Charles A.
French, a Berkeley sprinkling cart
driver, who was arrested at Berkeley
Monday for drunkenness, died this
morning at the Receiving Hospital
from pneumonia. He was kept over
night in the lockup at Berkeley, but
his condition became so bad yester
day that French was sent to the hos
pital. He was 48 years of age. Cor
oner Mehrmann took charge of the
body. <"""
Causes Death.
MAUCH CHUNK, Pa.. June L-r
Charles E. Foster, captain of Company
K, First Regiment, Pennsylvania Vol
unteers, died this morning at his home
In East Mauch Chunk at the age of 78
years. He was the son of Asa Lansford
Foster, who was the owner of many
hundreds of acres of coal lands ad-
Joining the Coxes in Lower Luzerne, on
a portion of which the town of Eckley
is now situated. In 1849 he went to
California, whence he returned after ten
years. A widow survives. The funeral
will take place Friday.
Old Officer Dies.
Hiram Crabtree, an Early Day Celeb
rity, Passes Away In Montana.
MILES CITY, Mont., June 1. — Hi
ram Crabtree, a noted- character of the
early days of the State of Washing
ton, has been found dead in his cabin
near this place. The father of Crab
tree was responsible for the Yakima
Indian war in 1853, braining an Indian
chief with an ax handle because the
latter attempted to drive him off a
tract of land he had settled upon.
PIONEER CHARACTER DEAD.
NEW YORK, June 1. — Samuel B.
Callaway, president of the American
Locomotive Company and former pres
ident of the New York Central Rail
road, died to-day, following: an opera
tion for mastaoidltis, at the age of 54
years.
Callaway was vice president of the
Union Pacific in the eighties and had
been connected with other railways.
Samuel R. Callaway of New York Suc
cumbs to an Operation.
RAILWAY MAGNATE DIES.
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Art.
Bay CPC 6s. 8S — S P C R 4*. — 100
B L Wat 6S.115 — 8 P Co 4H». 98% —
Cal NW 5s.. — 112 Sun Tel 6«..113 —
M C Wat 6S.100 — Do 69 — 105
RIs I Wks5s — 107% Suttr-st ROs.106 113
SF- Drdk: 5s — 113% UR of SF 4*. 78% —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — 30. Mat-Nav Co. — 90 -
Cal Cot Mils 80 87 Nev Nat Bk. — 200
Cal G&ECor. — 60 N S R R Co 9J4 —
Cal Powder. — 150 N Cal P Co. 10% 11 &
Cal Ship Co. 21 27 Oak Bk Sav.112% —
Cal T I & T.115' — Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cen Bk. Oak — ' 65 . IOOF Hall A « —
Chutes Co . . — '•--. 7% Orpheum Co. — ¦ 16%
City & C Bk — 112 PacC Caa Co. 120 —
CypLImp.. 6% — Pac S Tel. .100 —
East Dynm 260 Paraf Paint.. 38 —
DpntPwd pf d — 80 S F Drydock 60 ~
Do com .. — 60 8F&SJ Coal. 25 32%
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — S J Wat Co. — 106
Fischer Thtr 40a — IsO & MTgbt.125 —
Frnch-A Bk.100 — Swiss-A Bk.115 —
Gas Con A.. — 22 Truck Elect.. 11 12%
Hono P Co.. 14 — UR InC pfd. 42% 46
Lon&.SF Bk — 60 Do com ... 9 —
:., Morning Session,
j ¦ Board— : . "
$3,000 United R R of S F 4s, cash.. 78 60
$25,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. 78 60
Afternoon Session.
Board — -
$4,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. . 78 80
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked. !
Apollo 46
Associated Trust Cert 1ft 20
Azteo .... -75
California Standard 13
Caribou 4 BO 5 00
Central Point Con 62
I Chicago Crude ' l« 21
1 Claremont 65
Four 70 !
Fulton 3 75 i
Giant l .. . 15 J
Hanford 190 00 199 00 i
Home i 62%
Imperial ; 18 0O !
Independence 26 27
Junction 12 Kt !
Kern 4 8 0 ;
I Kern River 10 25 .... '
Lion 01
Monarch of Arizona 40
Monte Cristo 65 CO
Occidental of W Va. 08 10
Oil City Petroleum 68 6!)
Peerless 14 00
nttsburg 15
Reed Crude 1 bo
Senator 63 65 i
Sovereign 38. 1
Superior 03 04 I
Thirty-three 8 25
Toltec ¦ 21 - .... 1
Twenty-eight 8 25 8 75
Wabash 35 41
Associated Bonds , 70 00
Miscellaneous —
California Jockey Club 130 00
Fischer's Theater 65 ....
Northern Cal Power 10 75 11 12%
- SALES.
Morning Session.
100 Sovereign 39
600 Monto Cristo v C5
Afternoon Session.
1000 Sovereign 38
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the eales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornlns Session.
200 Andes ... 15| 200 Ophlr 5 50
400 Belcher ."...'.. 30 1 2C0 Overman .15
1C0 Caledonia ... 87| 100 Savage 30
20O Chollar 16| 10O Sierra Nev .. 39
]00 Con C & Va.l 53 :i00 Union Con .. 05
200 Gould & Cur. 27| 600 Utah 06
WO Mexican ...;.l 50] 200 Yellow Jacket. 19
Afternoon Session.
1000 Bullion ...... 11| 100 Sierra Nev .. 39
10O Caledonia ... S5| 100 Sliver Hill .. 54
100 Chollar ...... l!)j 500 Union Con .. C6
locto Justice lot 100 Utah \ 06
200 Potosl 17|
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the eales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
< « . Morning Session.
100 Alta 071 100 Overman ..... 86
200 Gould & Cur. 27| 200 Potosl 19
100 Julia 07 300 Union Con .. . M
100 Mexican . ... .1 55| 300. Utah 06
200 Overman .... 35| 500 Yellow Jacket. .20
Afternoon Session.
I 100 Bullion 11 1C0 Mexican 155
! 20U Chollar 18 200 Ophlr 5 50
300 Con C & V.I 57% 200 Seg Belcher .. 10
100 Gould & Cur. 27 100 Union Con .. 86
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the rales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonoi.ah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
2000 MacXamara . 17 4500 Rescue 05
100 Mont Ton ...1 75 60 Standard Cen. 2 60
1000 Mont Ton ...1 SO 200 Ton Belmont. . t;9
CO Mont Ton ...1,85 100 Ton Belmont.. 70
100 Mont Ton ...1 90 2132 Ton Midway.. 38
Afternoon Session. |
600 MacXamara . 17| 900 Ton Belmont . es
50 Mont Ton,...l 85| 4C0 Ton N Star... 27
100 Ton Belmont.. 72) —
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. June 1 — t p. m.
Bid.Ask.| Bid.Ask.
Alpha 10 12|Justlce 10 12
Alta 07 t9|Kentuck 03 04
Andes 15. 16 Keyes Graes.. — 1 to
Belcher 30 31 Lady Wash .. — Ort
Best & Belch. 1 50 1 60 Mexican 1 55 1 to
Bullion 11. 12 Occidental ... 70 81
Caledonia ... 85 86 Ophlr 5 50 5 62%
Challenge Con 19 21 Overman 35 36
I Chollar (18 19 Potosl 17^18
Confidence ...1 00 1 10 Scorpion ..... 15 17
Con C & Va.l 55 1 t>Q| Savage 29 30
Con Imperial. .01 C2jSeg Belcher ..10 12
I Con N Y 03 OS'sierra Nev .. 38 40
Crown Point. 18 20 Silver Hill ..63 65
East Sierra N 06 — St Louis .... 09 10
Eureka Con.. — , B0 Syndicate .... 03 04
Exchequer . . .'50 ! 37 Union Con . . 55 r.7
Gould & Cur. 27 28 Utah 06 07
Hale & Norc. 78 81|Yellow Jacket. 19 20
Julia 06 0S|
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Ask. .' Bid.Ask.
Colehan — 07 Ray & OBrlen 04 05
E«peranza ... ' — 03 Ray Ton .... 11
Gold Anchor. — 30 Rescue 05 06
Gold M Con. 01 ¦ 03 Ton Belmont.. — 69
Jim Butler .. 30 — Ton Cash Boy — 25
Lucky Tom.. — 07 Ton Exten ...1 10 1 20
MacNamara . 16 17 Ton Gold M... 13
Mizpah Ex . . 10 — Ton Midway. .37 3D
Mont Ton.il 77% 1 90 Ton of Nev... 7 60 —
Paymaster . . — 07 Ton N Star. . 23 30
In the death of Daniel H. Coleman
the city has lost one of its old and
respected citizens. He died yesterday
morning at the residence of his son,
1665 Oak street Mr. Coleman came
to San Francisco in the early fifties
and was for a numebr of years as
sociated with the Sheriffs office,
whence he joined the Police Depart
ment and served faithfully up to the
time of his retirement some four or
five years ago. He leaves three sons,
Edward H., Daniel G. and Joseph J.
Coleman. His funeral will be under
the auspices of the Police Department
and will take place to-morrow.
Continued From Pace Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
DEATH CALLS
EX-POLICEMAN
D. H. COLEMAN
. Maria Kerr (owner) with F. L. Hansen (eon
tractor), architect J. A. Porporato — All work
except painting, plumbing, shades and chan
deliers for a three-story and basement frame
building on lot on N line of Sixteenth street.
20O W of Church. W 25 by N 95; $6070.
Same owner with R. Zellnsky (contractor),
architect same — Painting, varnishing and tlnt
lnK for same on same; $640.
Same owner with T. J. Healy & Son (con
tractors), architect same — Plumbing, sewering
and gas 'fitting for same on same; $1KX).
R." Laraia (owner) with J- R- MacGregor
(contractor), architect J. A. Porporato — All
work except shades and chandeliers for a
three-story and basement frame building (Rats)
and alter rear house on lot on N line of Waah
iiiKton street. 87:6 E of Hyde. E 25 by N
137:6; ?10,4«0.
A. Hamet (owner) with C. F. Sheibley (con
tractor), architect Oliver Everett — All work
for alterations to present two-story frame
prosbytere i of Notre Dame des Vlctolres on
lot on N line of Bush street. 113:2 E of Stock
ton. 26 by 100: $4014.
Ellen A. Perry and Hattle R. Cave (owners)
with William Helbing (contractor), architect
. AH work for a. two-story frame building
(four flats) on lot on W line of Tremont ave
nue 106 6 of Frederick street, S 44 by W
80; '$7500. .
Emma Marks (r.wnrr) with Altchlson & Can
field (contractors), architects Martens & Cof
fey — AH work except plumbing, painting, man
tels, shades and gas fixtures for two two-story
frame buildings on E line of Tremont avenue,
177 S of Frederick street, S 44:6 by E 80;
?7012.
Pacquale Previatl (owner) with C. Lerl (con
tractor). architect — All work except
plumbing and painting for a three-story frame
building on E line of Salmon street. 97:6 S
of Broadway. S 20. E 60. — 20, N GO to begin
ning; $2850.
Mrs. S. Hausmann (owner) with William
Little (contractor .and architect) — Alterations
and additions to a two-story frame building
en SW corner of Washington and Flllmore
streets. 8331 Fillmore; $1400.
Aug Sanders (owner) with Erik Boes (con
tractor), architect — All work for a three-.
story frame building (three flats) on NW line
of Market street, 308 SE of Church, SW 25 by
J94; $7900.
J. W. Hamilton (owner) with John A. Hoots
(contractor), architect — All work for a
two-story frame building on W line of Clayton
street, 25 N of Carl. N 25 by W ICO; $4S50.
John H. N. Thom Wohrden (owner) with
Theo S. Holn (contractor), architect Charles J.
Rousseau — All work except mantels, gas fix
tures and shades and grates for a three-story
frame building (flats) on N line of McAllister
street. 92 W of Stetner. W 27:6 by N 87, West
ern Addition 381; $9838.
Frederick R. and Harriet Gibbs to Walter
K. and Mary E. Hubbert, lot on NW line of
Prospect street, 251 SW of Coeo avenue, SW 'M
by NW 122:6; *10.
Walter K. Hubbert to Mary E. Hubbert,
same; gift.
Sarah L. and Richard E. Doran to William
R. Doran. lot on S line of Preclta avenue, 555
W of Folaom street. S along E line of Preclta
Valley 110 100. W 25, N 100. E 25, b€lng NE
portion of Precita Valley 110: $10.
Margaret Dolan to Argonaut M. B. and L.
Association, lots 239 and 250. Cobb Tract; $10.
Bemhard and Ro.«e Getz to Julia Hallinan,
lot on E corner of Brazil and London *>tre*ts,
SE 25 by NE 100, block 13, Excelsior Home
stead; $10.
Emma A. Evans to Cora M. Evans, lot on
E Hn* of Park Hill avenue, 277:7% S from
road around Buena Vista Park. S' (*2:*>4. W
12:4*4 SE 112. NE 52:4, N 71. W 115. lots 13
to 15 Inclusive, block B, Park Hill Homestead;
gift. . ...
, Builders' Contracts.
De A. L. and Beatrice D. Nichols to Alex
ander and Mary Schlltter, lot on B Una of
Twelfth avenue, 175 S of Lake street. S 25
by E 120: $10.
Illbernla Savings, and Loan Society to
Thomas J. and Mary F. H. Tralnor, lot on W
line of Seventeenth avenue, 275 S of A street,
S 25 by W 120; $300. '
Mary D. Morrison to Albert F. Wolter, lot
oh E line of Ninth avenue, 250 N of K street,
N 25 by E 120; $10.
- Pierre or Pierr Leduc to Domenlco Ar
manino, lot on SW line of Twentieth avenue,
75 SE of J street, SE 75 by SW 120. block 401,
South San Francisco Homestead: also lot on
E corner of Twenty-first avenue and J street,
SE 25 by NE 100, block 401, South San Fran
cl.«co Homestead; $10. «v
Lone Mountain Cemetery Company to W. L.
Brackett 'and O. II. Keys, lot In cemetery;
$133. v
Estate of Ludwlg Altschul, by Richard Alt
echul. executor, to Anna D. Joost. lota 1551,
1552. 1553. 1554 and 15T>5 on SW line of Mace
donia etreet. between Montcalm and Byron, on
Gift MaD 3; $100.
Pine, 8 45, E 67:6, N 45, W 67:6: also lot on
¦NW line of Stevenson street, 175 NE of FourtlK
NB 135. NW -70 SW 110, NW 100. SW
25, SE 170; also lot on SW corner of Golden
Gate avenue and Jones street, W 137:8 t»" a
137:0; 'also lot on S line of Turk street, Io7:u
W of Taylor, W 137:6 by,S 137:6; also lot on
NB corner of Octavia and Sutter streets, £.
68:0 by N 137:6; also lot on SE corner ©'Bat
tery and PaclHo streets. S 63:*. E 137:6, N 6:8,
E 137:6, N «1:8, WI275; also lot on SE corner
of Davis and Washington streets. S 01:8. by E
137:6; also lot on NW corner of Washington
aria Drumm streets, N 120 by W 145; also lot
on NW corner of Commercial and Davis streets
N 72:6, W 65, S 17:6, W 40,. N 04:6, W 40. S
64:6, E 20. S 55, E 115; also lot at intersection
of NE line of Montgomery avenue and N lino
of Jackson street E 69:11% N 275, W 137:6,
S 192:10^5. 6E 106:11; also "lot on NE corner
of Jones and- North Point streets, E 275 by N
275; also lot on NW corner of Pine and Jon* 8 ,
streets, W 232:6 by N 137:6: also lot on NW
corner of Pacific and Front street*, N 147:5 by
W 137:6; $10.
Augustus Dickinson to Jeanette Dickinson,
lot on N line of Vallejo street, 156 B of Kear
ny. E 20 by N 137:6; gift.
Minnie Klein (wife of Moses) to Leopold
Auerbach,. lot on NE corner of Broadway and
Kearny street. E 37:6 by N 67:6; $10.
Ellen Folger to Folder Estate Company (a
corporation), lot on NB corner of Taylor and
O'Farrell streets. N 72:6 by E 92:6: 110.
Frank »nd Theresa Carries to Ella F. Franks,
lot on S line of Jackson street 82:6 E of Par
kin. E 27 :¦? by S 110; 510.
Hermann Tanner to Adolph Gsricke, lot on
6E line of Clara street, 376 NE 6t Sixth, NE
26 by SE 80; *10.
Bertha Hagenkamp to George J. or George
H. Merging-, Mary H. Brauer and Freda Stan
ford, lot on SE line of Folsom street. 75 3W
of Eighth. SW 25 by SE 90; $10.
Marie and Ernest H. Forst (by California,
Safe . Deposit and Trust Company, trustee) to
California Home Building Loan Company, 1963
D. l>9, lot on E line of Twentieth avenue. 120
N of Point Lobos avenue, N 55 by ¦¦ E 120,
trustee" b deed; $6847.
Virginia Vanderbilt (wife of W. K. Jr.) to
Theresa A. Oelrichs (wife of H.), undivided V,
of following: Lot on NE corner of Twenty
seventh avenue and A street. N 125 by E 75:
also lot on SW corner of Montgomery and,
¦Sutter streets, S 200 by W 160; also lot on
SW corner of Sutter street and Lick place or
alley. W 125, S 122:6, E 40. S 152:6, E 85,
N 270; also undivided Vi of lot on N line of
Post street, 160 W of Montgomery, W 30 by
N 275; also lot on N' line of Golden Gate
avenue, 137:6 W of Taylor street, W 55 by
N 137:6; also lot on NE corner of Taylor and
Ellis streets E 275, N 197:6. W 23, S 60, W
252, S 137:6; also lot ort SE corner of Sutter
and Powell streets, E 136:3, S 137:6. W 113:9,
N CO. W 47:6. N 20, E 25, N 67:6; also lot
on SE corner of Franklin and Fulton streets,
8 103:l>4 by E 106:9; also lot on SE corner
of Front and Oregon streets, S 60 by E 90;
also lot on NW corner of Pacific and Davis
streets. N 137:6 by W 183:4; also lot on SW
corner of Davis and Vallejo streets. W 137:6
by S 137:6; also lot on SE corner of Davis
and Jackson streets, S 120 by E 80; also lot
on N line of Sacramento street. 120 E of
Front, E 100 by N 119:6; also lot on W line
of Davis street, 40 N of Sacramento, N 45
by W C5; also lot on SW corner of Pine and
Taylor streets. W 137:0 by S 137:6; $10.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 2, 1904.
14
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Jm
I CALIFORNIA H
1 LIMITED TO CHICAGO I
g LEAVES DAILY f|
E at 1):*:O a. m , through In 3 day«, H
n with diner and all trapping's. ||
'Other Santa ?* Trains:
7:30a. m.l for Stockton, Fresno. Bakersfleld,
8:00 pi mj Merced. Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8 :C0 p. m. for "Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OrriCES — 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot. 3. 7. Also Ilia Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 27 South rirst SU
San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Perry, Foot of Market Street.
SAN 7SANCISCO TO SAN BAFA£L.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.;
12:35. 2:30, 3:40. 5:10. &:o0, 6:30 and 11:30
p. in. .
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:30. 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
2:30, 3:40, 0:10, 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAN BAFAIIL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 6:50. 7:35, 7:50, 9:20,
11:15 a. m.; 12:50, t2:00. 3:40, 8:00. 5:20
0:25 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45
p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50, 7:35. 9:20, 11:15 a. m,, 1:45,
3:40. 4:50, 5:00,^:20. fl:25. 7:50 p. m. tEx-
cept Saturdays.
Leave J In Effect I Arrive
San Fran. | May 1. 1904. f San Fran. ¦
"Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun* J Week
Days. I days. | Uon. 1 days. | Days.
~^~~~~ 7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30a 8:00a 8:40a 8:40a.
8:00 a 9:30 a Ignacio. 10:2Oa 10:2Oa
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:00 p 8:20 p
6:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
7:25p
8:45 p
T:30a 7,30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato, • 10:20 a 10:20 *
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
BtlOp Banta Roaa. 8:45 p
7:30 a 7:30~a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 8:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:45 p 7:25 p
Windsor,
7:30a 7:30 a Healdsburg, 10:20a 10:20a
Lytton,
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle, 7:25 p 7:25 p
Cloverdale^ _^ _.
7:30 al 7:30 a| "llopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. |7:25p|7:25p
—~ ~ j j wlilits. I I
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Sherwood. | 7:25 p[ 7:25 p
~8-0Oa| 8:00a| Gurnevllle and 1 10:20 a] 10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Camp Vacation. [ 8:45 p| 6:2Op
~8-0b a 8 :0O a * 8:40 a 8:40 a
6:10 p 9:30 a Sonoma. 6:00 p 6:20 p
6:10 p Glen Ellen. 8:45 p
7:30 al 7:30 a! : jF 110:20 a|10:20 a
,2:30 p[ 2:30 p| Sevastopol. 't 7.:23 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Springs; at Fulton for AUrurta and
Mark West Springs; at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Geyservllle ior Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers, lioonevllle and
Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes,' Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley"s. Bucknell's. '
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle. Orr's Hot
Springs. Halfway Hcuse, Comptche. Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendocino City, Fort Brags,
Westport. Uaal; at Wiillts for Fort Bragg
Westport. , Sherwood. Canto. Covelo. Lay ton-
ville. Cummins, Bell's Springs, Harris. Ol-
sens. Dyer. Garbeay>-ille, I'epperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
. H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
ROOMS FOR HOITSEKEEPIXG Con.
rOLK. 6S4 cor Eddy— Housekeeping rooms
and others; use of kitchen if desired; reaa.
POLK. 14C2— Sunny housekeeping rooms; gas
and bath free; reasonable.
ELTTER. 895 cor. Leavenworth— 2 very de-
sirable front housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
6 UTTER. 2170- 2 or 3 sunny furnished rooms;
houfckenflng: bath and phone; reasonable.
TAYIjOR, 911— Suite furnished: gas. range;
(12 60; 2 attic. ga« range. $3; 1 room J7.50.
TCRK. 80S— Nicely furnished alcove suite and
kitchen; running water, gas, bath and phone.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3726. near Dolores— 3 sunny
bay-window rooms; nice, nest, complete.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received ac
Call branch ofnc*. cor. Duqcaj A Church «t*.
A BRANCH office for Call aav«rtls«m«nts and
subscriptions has been established at 10»«
Valencia ««¦
AFAKTSaXXT HOPST*. '¦¦
A— r-ORDOVA APARTMENTS.
10S4 SCTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and tunny; 2-3-4 rooms and
tmth each; ail unfurnished; 527 60 to f«0. '.
Make reservations now.
BT CECILE. 115 Fell.above Van Ne«» ave.— The
acme of perfection in modern, elegantly fur-
r.lFbcfi 8-room apartments. with private baths.
»tes.rr. heat, Wectnc light. elevator.1 gas ranges;
f30. t35. »S7. »40. »4S. 547 TO. $50. $55.
A SNAP— S partly furn. hkpg. rooms; tl5 mo.;
sunny. The .Virginia, IOCS Powell St.
kt LOUIS 1575 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-8
reorr.*: fu'rn. or unfum.: refi. Tel. East 1350.
APAKTMEITT3 WASTED.
APARTMENT house of 4 rooms wanted In de-
elratile locality; furnished. Box C17. Call.
FC9KXZSHKD «:>artment of 3 rooms wanted;
*tate rent. Box 713. Call office.
WANTED — 3-rwm apartment, unfurnished.
Bex Iff, Call offlc*.
WANTED— An spsrtment cf 3 furnished rooms
for houyek^pir.K. • Box 15S, Call cff.ee.
ttOOMS TO IXT Knrr. and t'afim.
A— BRUNSWICK- House. 1«3 Sixth et.— Room*
.2:< to SI per -right, $1 25 to *3 per week aad
light houtekeeplng rooms; open ail nlgnt.
AT- "The Atmontf." fc73 Mfrrket ft. (or No. 1
Firth «.)— Room*. -5c. 60c. Jl. Jl 60 nlgnt;
Jl f.0 to J10 week: Louse open all night.
BURNETT. 3*26 Market (eld No. 1304) — Fur-
r-ifht-d rooms. FUlte. single: -also unfumUhed.
CLirrOKD. 204 Ell-s. cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sur.ny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS. 322. Palmetto — Housekeeping and
n.om* ilntle or rn- suite; baths.
GRAND Scutiiern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35o
u. Jl 25 night: <1 50 to J6 wk.: r«adlng-room.
GP. *NT ave 7-7-Ni^»'ly furnished front rooms,
oultaMe for two: «¦'" to $S 50 week.
HOTEL DUFKERIN. 749 Ellib — Elegantly fur-
n;sh«-d t uit ps and single rooms. j
JESSIE, 363 rear Emporium — Furnished room,
front: $2 beds; flu yr month. ¦
JESSIE. 3€», near Fifth — Furnished room. ?5
per month; larg*. J". ;
JESSIE. S71. eaut U. S. Mlr.t — Furnished
room/ ?1 per week. ' ' '-.'.-'
JONES. 207 (Van Winkle)— Nicely furnished
¦ nunr.y rooms; euite or single; gentlemen pre-
f erred; ?2 up. .
SIcALLISTER. SO— Sunny front room, well fur-
nished; gas; water; other rooms; central.
POST. 8S3. near Hyde — Large furnished front
room; bath.: gas; for J or 2 eenta.
BOTAL House.. 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
re*dlng-room. emoking-room and ladles' par-
lor- room* per night. 35c to $1 50; week. J2
to IS: month. IS to W0; eievator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
£IXTH. 136 — Furnished rooms; location cen-
tral; •charres reasonable; cars pass door.
THE ST. KATHRTN. NK. cor. Leavenworth
and Ellie — Sunniest rooms in the city; new
fcctel; Just fflmlfhed fresh and clean: hair
mattresses la every rocm; Also hot and cold
water, bath?, etc.; steam- heat throughout;
«levatcr service and every modern conveni-
ence; rooms from S3 per week up.
THE FALMOUTH. -1O49A' Market s*.— Sunny
rooms; hot and coM water; elevator: $2 to JT.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — «00
room*. S5c to tl r.'.ght, Jl 75 to -J<5 week; elec-
' trie lights <rio ras>. running water in every
room; elevator.read.-room: free bus; baggage,
' 'WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d *t.. near Market—
Mo*t convenient and re»p*ctable: 700 rooms;
S5c to Jl 60 night: J2 to JS week: elevator:
. elec. lights: reading-room*: free bus; baggage.
WOLF Hous* 2C2 Sixth st.— Rooms from 15o
.to fit per n'.ght and from 90c to J5 per wefk.
VAN NE??. ftOO — Desirable sunny room for 2;
<ilso rlncle rooms with board.
AIA*ERTI?EMENTfc. subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH offle* cf The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at JOOS Market Et.. opposite Fifth.
Or>en u»>til II p. to.
ROOMS A."\D BOAHD.
CE.VRY. Ml, Hotel L'Aiglon— Family rooms
and board; entirely renovated; r*as. prices.
HOWARD. MIA — Flret -class board and room,
clng'e or double. J5-$6 wk.: American family.
VAN NEf-S. 700. cor. Turk — Elegant sunny
•uit; flrrt-c.la.SB tsbl» board: all modern con-
veniences; also single room.
ROOMS AAD BOARD WANTED.
TWO young, men, employed during the day.
derire board and j-oom with private family
In the Mission. Address, -stating term*, box
445. Call office.
MAN and wifo would like room and board In
a email boarding-house or a nice, quiet fam-
•lly; eunny. w»:ll-fumishvd rooms desired.
with first-class table. Bex 37.&S. Call office;
BOARD and' room wanted by Elngle gentle-
man. Box €10. Call office.
EUITE "f rooms and board wanted by man
and wife and little girl. Box 177. Call office.
SINGLE room with board desired for lady;
references exchanged. Box 700. Call ofnee.
MCK>M> VVAVIKI).
GERMAN W8nts furnished rocm, middle city;
German family. Box 472, Call office.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS — BIDS WASTED- Notice is
hereby ' given that sealed irikiposais will be
received by tr* board fit directors of the
* Veterans' Home of California, at Its office.
.room 13. Z'M Sansome St.. £an Francisco.
Cal.. up to 11 o'clock a. m.. Saturday. June
4. 1904. and opened Immediately thereafter
In tbe presence of bidders, ior furnishing
and delivering quartermaster and commis-
«ary supplies, etc. for the Veterans' Home,
. Napa County. California (railroad station
Vountiille), f. o b. for six months, com-
mencing July 1, 1904. and ending December
• 11, 11HA. Schedules with lntcrm*tion and In.
structlons for submitting bids . will be fur-
nished upon appllc&Uon by the undersigned.
Bidders will carefully foriow the conditions
A the schedules, and no bid. will be consid-
ered unless it la. lfi accordance with such
schedules. Bids on tea. coffee and sugar
raurt be ij.td* on samples submitted.
Each bidder must accompany his bid with a
rerUfied c&eck upon come well-known and
responsible banking bouae for at least 10 par
cent of the amount of his bid, payable to 5.
Mason Kinne, treasurer, ¦_ conditioned that
tbe bidder wilt enter Into a good and valid
contract upon notice of acceptance, as re-
quired by law. Tbe board reserves the right
to reject any or all bids and <o order any
quantity over or under. the amount of spec-.
• Ified. Addrexs John F. Shee-han, secretary of
the Board of Directors of the Veterans'
Home of California, room 12, 320 Sansom*
et., San Francisco. Cal. By. order of the
board of directors. JOHN F. SHEEHAN,
Secretary. . ¦
NOTICE to bidders — Sealed proposals' will be
received until June 21. 1904, at 7:80 o'clock
p. in., by the Councir of the City of Eureka
for 15000 4% per cent Forest Park improve-
niet't bonds; J100.000 4% per cent City Hall
bonds; J15.000 4>4 per cent fire apparatuj
purchase bonds, and $35; 000 *<4 per cent
•ewer completion bonds, tssued by the city
cf Eureka under the act* of the Legislature
cf tfc» State cf California of February 25-
1901 <Statutes 1901, page 27). They will be in
denomination as follows: Forest Park im-
provement bonds. $125; City Hall bonds.
JSOO; fire apparatus purchase bonds, J375,
and sewer completion bonds, J875; eald bonds
will be dated on or after July J; 1904. Prin-
cipal and interest payable at tbe office ol
the City Treasurer of .the «ity of Eureka.
I Interest payable semi-annually. one-tortletA
of principal payable annually, all in United
Eta tea gold coin. All bids must be accompa-
nied by a certified check for S per cent of
tbe bid payable to the Mayor of the city of
Eureka. State of California. Tbe city of
Eureka centctns a population, of 11,000. as-
sessed valuation JJ.fcOO.OOO. with present
bonded Indebtedness nf $109,250. incurred in
HX>2. JT. P. WUNDERLICH. City qerk.
VN Francisco. CaL, May 19. 1904— Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m., June 3. 1904, and then
cpened for construction of addition to wharf
and ere<£!on of coal efaed thereon at Pre-
sidio of San Francisco. CaL Government
reserves the right to reject or accept any or
all bids In whole or In part. Information
furnished on application to WM. 8. PAT-
TEN. Assistant Quartermaster . General,
Chief Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS — Continned.
PROPOSALS for Hay and Oats, Office Depot
Quartermaster, San Francisco. Cal., 36 New
Montgomery it.. May 0. 1904 — Sealed proposals
la triplicate, subject to the usual conditions,
wUi i« iecelved-»here until 12 o'clock noon,
June 4. 1904. and then opened, for furnish-
ing and dellverlnr at Ean Francisco. Cal.T
Seattle, Wash., and Portland. Ore., thirty-
eight hundred and seventy-six (3876) tons of
hay, fifty-six hundred and twelve (6612) tons
of oats subject to an increase or decrease of
25 t>er cent. United States reserves the
right to accept or reject any or all bids, or
any part thereof. Further information and
blank proposals furnished on application.
Envelopes containing proposals to be marked
Proposals for Hay and Oats No. "36C7" and
addressed to Major C. A. Devol, Q. M., U. S.
Army. Depot Quartermaster.
LEGAL. ADVUHTlfeEMKXTS.
NOTICE — Oince of Insurance Commissioner,
Ean Francisco. CaL. May 11, l»04 — Having
ascertained that tbe capital stock of the
Union Surety and Guaranty Company has
become impaired, and that »ald company has
become Insolvent within the true Intent and
meaning of the insurance laws of the State
of California, I have this cay revoked Its
certiacate of authority, previously granted,
as provided In section 0O0 of the Political
Code, and Dctlce la hereby given that wild
company Is no longer authorized to transact
the business of insurance within this State.
K. MYRON WOI..F. Innur>nc# Commliwlon»r.
WABEHOITBEB.
FOR SALE OR TO LEASE.
Lol and 4-story warehouse, 45:10x120;
thort block from S. P. freight sheds; apply
on premises. 13 Blu^come St.. bet. 4th and 5th.
1 ' !
ULriEKl.VG A.MJ STAMJ1ERIXO.
1 AT Melbourne Institute, Van Ness & Market,
is taught celebrated Melbourne system; only
• Melbourne In U S.; private: established 3
years In B. F. Tel. Mint 2B26 from 1 to 5 p.m.
3IARIUAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
j yesterday:
George S. Ferguson. 21, Stockton, and Eliza
C. Smit. 18. 269 Laussat avenue.
Charles W. Kimble 44. 3789 Seventeenth St.,
and Adelaide R. Williams. 21. 3TS9 17th st.
Morris Schneider. 30. Oakland, and Maybelie
Ayrc*. 1!3. 40* Cole etreet. •
George W. Miller, 25, 825 Market street. »nd
Grace P. Baeley, 20, 723 O'Farrell street.
Hf-nry J- Mayers, 21, 2317 Central avenue,
and Laura Richter, 21, 809 Flret avenue.
Herman Boehm. 2.1. 4r>« Church street, ind
El It ii M. Jackson, 19, 456 Church street.
Michael Kavsnaugh, 36, 1C<57 Mission street,
%J0A Mary Marln, 2U. 1007 Mission street.
Herbert G. Sx>otswood, 21. city, and Bertha
C Vorrath. 18. city.
Jc*fph Basch. 25. 1176 Ellis »troet, and Ma-
rlan A. Levy, 22, 1534 Ellis street.
Tnorr.as F. Fallon, '26. South San Frauds™,
an<l Kato Silver, 21. Oakland.
Ptur Solari, 2S, city, and Anna
22. rity.
IMmund C. Dolenga. 45. 1615 Flfte-nth fcfc]
and KFtelle M. Flicklnger, 27 700 Folsom Bt.
Frank Pyle Jr.. 31, Philadelphia, and May
Dkvis. 2<3. Auckland. N. Z.
Gutitsve E. Rasmufsen. 25. 1330 Rhode Itljnd
St., snd Emma Hoppe, 20, 129 2Sth at.
Frederick W. Vivian. 31. 212 Second »tte«t.
ano Nellie J. Rllev. .12, 212 Second htreet.
Edward A. l>emoulln. 21, California Hotel,
and Floi-ence M. Denigan, 18 1713 Octavia gt.
Oisrle* Naegele 2«. 346S Nineteenth ureot,
au 1 Merle A. Ecct't. 21. 34C8 Xineteenth htreet.
"liiHi^BRIAGES-DEATflr'
Birth, marriag* and death notices sent by
mail will net be inserted. They must be handed
in «tf either o? the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence cf per-
ik r.t- authorized to have the same published.
Notice* restricted Glmply to the announcement
of tb» event are published once In this column
free of chares.
BORN*.
HALL— In this city. June 1. 1904, to the wife
of H. M. Hall, a son.
LACOSTE— In this city. May 31, 1004> to the
wife of Bernard Lacoste, a daughter.
MARTIN— In this city. June 1, 19O4. to the
• wife of Charles V. Martin, a daughter.
MILLER— In this city. May 21. 19O4. to the
wife of Hyman MuIIer, & daughter.
PRICE— In this city, June 1, 1904, to the
wife of S. F. Price, a son.
MARRIED.
BOURDON— CASE— In this city, June 1 1904,
by the Rev. J. George Gibson, Charles Ed-
ward Bourdon and Laura Case both of this
city.
DIED.
Barnes, Eleanor Lltziu*. Edward C.
BartleU, B. F. Lintner. Chss. ffm,
Bfardsley, Marie I. Lyons Denla
Blach. Dr. Charles McAvoy, Hugh B.
Cohen. Nathan McCoy, Patrick
IMemm Daniel II. McDonough, Mary
Cullumber. Mrs. Julia McKenney. P. A.
Curry. Frank ' Nygard, Annie K.
Cronin. Catherine A. O'Brien, James D.
Dowd. Charlee J. O'Conell, Johanna .
Druh«», Herman A. Ray. Mellie S.
Ferrer. Manuel G. Salt9, James A.
Garvin, William Pecretan. Aimee J.
Ghearty Mrs. Annie Simmons. George
Gullliura Ceclle Swan. Charles W.
Healey. Margaret T. Taylor Kathryn I.
Kaufman, Louise Terkildsen Christian
Keefe, Lillian G.
BARNES— In this city. June 1, 1904, Eleanor
Barnes, a native of England, aged 70 years.
BARTLETT— In this city, June 1. 1904, Ben-
jamin F. Bartlett. aged 52 years.
BEARDSLpY— In Nevada City, Cal., May 30,
1U<H, Marie Isabel Beardsley. relict of the
late J. H. Beardsley and mother of Alfred j
and the late Henry Keser, and Stella, VVI1II-
ford, Frank, Arthur and Lee Beardsley. a
native of New Orleans. A member of Martha
Washington Council, D. of L., and Alfarata
Council, D. of P.
ELACH — In Birmingham, Ala., Dr. Charlei
. Blach, belovf-d husband of tbe late Johanna
Blach. and father of B*>rt and Flora Blach
and Mrs. Clement Blach. a native of Ger-
many aced 73 years.
COHEN— In this city. May 30., 1904. Nathan
Cohen, beloved hurband of Ernestine Cohen,
, father of Sydney, Sybil and Rosalia Cohen,
and brother of William Cohen of Chester*
111., Aaron Cohen of Eanta Cruz, Cal., and
Mrs. Pauline Simon, a native of Rogasen,
Germany, aged 47 years 7 months and 20
days. A member of Crcmieux Lodge No. 325,
I. O. B. B
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1027 Fillmore street, and thence by
electric funeral car, leaving Eighteenth and
Guerrero etreets at 2 o'clock, to Hills of
Eternity Cemetery for Interment. Interment
private.
COLEMAN — In this city, June I, 1904. at the
residence of his eon, 16G5 Oak etreet, Daniel
H. Coleman, dearly beloved hucband of the
' late Ellen Coleman. loving father of Edward
H.. Daniel G. and Joseph J. Coleman, and
the late William T. Coleman, and brother-in-
law of Major E. P. Enright, a native of Ire-
land, aged 71 years, A retired officer of the
San Francisco Police Department.
C7Frlenda and acquaintances and brother
members of the San Francisco Police Depart-
ment are respectfully Invited to attend tho
funeral to-morrow (Friday) at 9:30 o'clock,
from the T^erldence of his son, Edward H.
Coleman. 1665 Oak street, thence to St.
' Agnes Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Croes Cemetery.
CULLUMBER— In this city. May 30, 1904, Mrs.
Julia Cullumber. a native of Ireland, aged
77 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from 1239 Mar-
ket street. . thence to St. Peter's Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CURRY— In this city. May 3L 11)04. Frank,
beloved son of Margaret and ¦ the late
Thomas Curry, and brother of Charles, Rob-
ert and Llllle Curry, and Mrs. F. Carmlchael
and Mrs. C Clemmer, a native of California,
aged 34 years.
lET'Servlces to-day (Thursday) at 2 o'clock,
at the mortuary chapel of thn Golden Gate
Undertaking Company, 2475 Mission street,
npar Twenty-first. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery. . .
CROXLV— In this city, June 1, 1904, Catherine
A.,- beloved wife of the late Patrick Cronin,
and mother of T. B.. T. S., D. P. J. H and
Katie A. Cronin and Mrs. M. C. Sullivan, a
native of Ireland. (New York papers please
copy.)
ICTThe funeral will take place > to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the residence
of her son. T. S. Cronin, 700% Tennessee
etreet. thence to St. Teresa's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of- her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment private. Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
DO\YP^-In this city. May 3L 1004. Charles
J., beloved husband of Annie Dowd. father
of Catherine and Constance Dowd, and lov-
lnf brother of Robert E. Dowd, a native of
Virginia City. Nev., aged 34 years 10 months
and 21 days.
E7 Friends are Invited to attend the funeral
to-day (Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from
bis late residence. 225S Polk street, thence
to St. Brigid's Church, where a requiem high
¦ mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
¦out, at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy . Cross
Cemetery.
DRUHE— In St. Helena, June L 1904, Herman
A., beloved husband of Pauline Drube, and
father of Mildred and Helen Druhe, a native
F. J. MoEshan, Manager. TeL. Mission 31.
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUXERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,'
2S38-2341 Mission st.. near Nineteenth.
£aa Francisco. ¦;-¦¦ ' *,v; •-;•¦
. ' ¦
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
y^f '"J^v Trains *"•»?• and are da*
[ w £s£ELnJ2] SAN FBANCISCO.
vCrviiii/'y "Tboii Jmra t, 190*.
\5^"TY^ rJMT Hxror
fToot of Market Street)
!.»«>« - MAIN LINE. - Amsirr
7.00X VacsTllie. Winter*. Rnmsey... 7 SCp
7.00a Benlcla, Saisnn. Elmlra and Sacra-
mento • /.Zfl»
7J0A Vallejo. Napa. CalUtoga, SaoU
Uosa, TWartlnex, San Itamon 6 2ui»
'740a Nlles. LtTennore. Tracy. LatUrou.
Stockton li^rr" 7 ' 20p
8-OOa 8oaata Express — (Via Darts).
WlUIamt (for Bartlett 8pr!nr*>.
Willows. tFruto. Ked BlaH.
Portland. Tacoma. Seattle 7-BO*
¦.CCA DstU. Woodland. Knlghtt Landing.
" MarytTllle^ OroTtlle .- 7.80*
B-JOa Port Costa. Martinet. Antloen,
* Byron. Tracy. Stockton. New-
man. Los Uanos, Mendota.
Armona. Haofonl. Vlsalla. - -
ForwrrHle 4.2CP
iJOAPori Costa. Latarop. Modeito,
Merced. Fresno, Ooaben June-
tlon, Hanforu, Visaila. Bakers-
geld 4.50*
I.30A Wiles, 8»n Jo««. U»ermore. Btorfe- .
ton,(tMIItoa), lone. 8«er»mento,
riaeerTtlle. JlafysTille. Caloo,
Bed Bluff .» 4.W«>
I ZOA Oakdale. Chinese. Jameitown, 80- ¦
nor*. Tuolomne and Angel*-.... 4 Z0(»
800a Atlantic Express— Ogden and East, » 11.20a
9 J0a Richmond. Ma/Wnex and Way
8tattom B-BOP
10 00a The Overland Limited — Ugden.
Denver. Omaha. Chicago. ,552?.
10.00a Vallejo.. : 12-20P
10.00a Lo» AncHee Passenger — Port
Oo«u. Martinez. Byron. Tracy,
..¦ i':j- lAtarop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Freano. Gotben Junc-
tion, nnnford, Lemoore, Vlaalla. •
Bakenfleld. Loa Angelea J.JtP
12.00m Bayward. Nllesand Way Stations. 3-*" p
11.00P Baeraraeoto KItct 8teamers tll.QU(»
S-30P Benlcla, vvim«r». Sacramento,
Woodland. Knl*hU Landing.
Mary»»llle. Oro^'lle aad way
station* 1 2S2*
J .30P Bayward. Nilw and Way Stations., 7-60P
5.50PPort Cotta. Marttnex. Byron,
Tracy, Latarop. Modesto.
Merced. Iierrada. Freano and
Way SUtlons beyond Port Costa 12-ZOp
3-30f» Yotemtte Valley. Tla Berenda add
Wawona 8-og*
8.30P Marttnex.Tracy. Stockton. Loci... TO 20a
4.00P Mart!n«i*,Siin Itnroon. ValleJo,Napa.
Callstofra. Santa Uosa. ... 9 t5 A>
4.00P Nile*. Tr*ov. 6tockton. Lortl 4 20p
4-30P Hayward. fines. Irvlngtoo. Saal J8.|0a
Jo«b. LlTennore 1 .IiI.oOa
EXOPTha Owl Limited— Newroaa. Los
lUnoa. Meudoia. Fresno. Tnlare,
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles 8.50a-
B.0Op Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton ....... 1220t»-
tS^Opllayward. Niim aad Ban Jose 7.20*
6. OOP Ilayward. SIlea and San Joae 9 50*
S-OOP Eattera Exprri»— Ojtden. Denver,
Omaha. 6t. Lonl*. Chicago aaj
East, via Port Coata. sulsua,
Elmlr*. Darls, Sacramento, Col-
fax, Reno... ; S.20n»
t.OOp Vallejo. dally, except Suaday..... I. 7 KQ
7J10P Vallejo. "unday only f «•»«•-
7.C0P Klcbmund. San Pablo. Port Costa,
' Martinet and Way Stations.....: 1120*
7X0P Oregon * California Kxpr««»— 3ae-
ramento. MarytTtlle; Redding.
PortlaiMl, Pugat Sound and Bast. 8.504
8-OSPRenb Pastecger— Port Cost*. Snl-
' hid, Eiontra, Davis. Sacramento.
Truckee. Lake Tahoe. and Way
SuMons beyond Sacramento...-. 7.50*
•.ICp Hayward, Ullea and SaaJote (Soar
day.onlyj 11 BO A,
' COAST LINE (Narr.w u,Me). .
¦ m (Koot of Market Street.)
7.46a SanuCrnzKaeanloniSuadayonly) S.10P>
8.15a Newark.. CeaterTtlle. 8*a Jote, '
FeltoB, BoaldorCreek. BlKBasla,
Santa Crux aud Way Stailona... 555*
t8-15A Alvarado. - Newark, Ban Jose, Los
Gatue, Glen wood, Felron, Boulder
Creek. Big Baslo. Pasta Crux... . 8.1C»
12.16p Re-wark. Ce&t«rvllle. San Jote.
New Almaden, Lot Oat»«.Ftltioa.
Bouldrr Crtek. Santa Crux, aad
Principal Way 8cailoa» « 1055*
4.1 Sp Newark. Baa Joie. Lo« Oatoa and
wayttatlona t8 55a
4-15p Wright, Fc Uon. Boulder Creek and
' Saata Cruz, Saturday, and Sunday
m only .:'...<.. tS-SSA
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SAN FhANCISCO, foot i.f Market tic (Sllp<»
-f7:13 1:00 11:00 a.m. 180 3 CO 6.15 p.m.
From OAKLAND. Knot of "(roadway — t»:UU tinrt
18:05 IU:00 a.m. 12 CO 200 400 r.»..
COAST LINE (Broad Uaa«e>.
ti~ (Third »nU r»wn»cnd 3treet».)
6.10a 9aa Jote ao<i Way Stations 6 3."b -
1700a San Joae and Way Statlont . 6.4(J<»
7.1Ba Monterey aad Banta Cruz Eicor- '
*lon (Sunday only).' •..• 10.30P
8-(jCa New Almaden (Tnca.. Frld.. onTy);" <J.|Gi»
600a The Coaater — 9 tort only Sao Jo«e.
GUroy (connection for Hollla-
ter). Pajnro. CaatroYlIle (con-'
nrctlon to aad from Monterey
and PacISc Grove), ttallnaa. Saa
Ardo, Paso Itoblea. Santa liar- . '
garlta. San Lull Oblspo, principal . '
utaitoas thence Surf (connection
for Lompoc). principal ttatloht - '
thrnce Santa Borb«ra.S«n bueaa-'
Tcntura, Monta!vo. Uiaird', llur-
banlt. Lot Angeles 10.4S«*
8. CO* 9an Jote. TTea Pino*. Capltola,
SantaCrni.PaclacGroTe.S*J:naa,
Saa I.uU Oblspo and Principal
Way Station* i ¦ 4.10o
IOJCa Pan Jote and Way Stations 1.20P
11 -3Ca Saata Clara. San Jote. Los Qato*
and-Way Statlont ;." 7.30p
1-30P San Jote a'nd Way Statlont , 8-3Sa
t3-C0pOeI Monte Kxpre**— Santa Clara,
ban Jote, Del Monte. Moaterey t •
I Pncific Grore (nunnectt at Santa.
C^trs. except Sunday.. for Santa.
a-zt. Bonlder Creek and Narrow \ ' •
UaagePolnu)....- 12-15*
3 ZOp Pacific Grove Way Pattenger. Bar- " .
ltsjcame, San Jote and Way Sta-' .'
tlona. connects at Gilroy for Hoi- ' -.;•'
Utter, Trra Pino*, at Pajaro for
Capitols, Santa Cruz at Castr> .
Tille for Sallnaa. ¦ . 10 4"?*
4.30P Pan Jote and Way Stations.' ' *3 00*
tS OOP Santa Clartt. San Ju«e. Los G»to».'
Wrtgbi and principal Way ttta- -
tlont (except Sundn.v) t9-00«
'5.50p 8anJo>eandPrtnrlralWayStatlont 19.404
6 45p Snntet Kxprett.— Kedwood. Saa
Jote, Gilro.r..Sa!lnaa. Paso Koliie*,;
Saa Lull oblipo. fsow Barhara, ;
Loe Angelrt. Utmlng. El Pum*
New Orlrant. New York. Coo-
necta at Pajaro for Santa Crux . i .
and at CantroTliln for Padao '
Grove and Way Stations 7 1n*
W.IBp ea>Mateo.Bere»ford.lS«lmont.8aa """*
Carlo*. IUdwood, Fair Oaka.
MtaloPark. PaioAlto t6 4Aa
6 30p 6«n Jote and Way Stations... :.':,'.. g '30-
8.00p.Pa:o.Alto tnd Way Sutlona.. in 15.
11 .30p south SanFrnactM-o, MUlhrae. »«r- *
ltnKame. Snn Mateo. .Bel-mont,
San Carlot. Redwood, Fair Oalca,
Menlo Park, and PaioAlto...:... 9.45 =
•11-SOpUayaeld, Mountain View, bonny-
rale. Lawreace. Santa Clara and
Ean Jo—., - t94Sm
A for Mornlns. P for A f ternoon,
lSnnday exeepted- t Sunday only
« Saturday only. 1 ¦ 6 Monday only.
i Slop* at all itatloaa oa Sunday. ' .
Es7~Oaly train* ttopptng at Valencia 3u «outhhoan.l
arf h:lu *..*.. 7:i«i a. m.. 7: a A. ».. 'A.M+.u^ S:80r m
i-.SOr.n. and 8:00 r.m. .' . ~""".
Bmsm TO SAN RAFAEL
flMg ROSS VALLEY.
MILL VALLEY,
raS| CAZADERO, Etc.
_ SgfiSt^i Via Sauiallto Perry.
SUBIHIBAN SERVICE, STANDARD- OAL'GE. •
Depart from San Francisco, week days, at
8:30, 7:10. 7:43, 8:3O, 0:15. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.
(11:40 a. m. Eausallto only). 12:20. 1:45. 3:15. •
4:00. 4:35. 5:15 &:5O. 6:25. 7:15. 9:00. 10:20.
11:35 p. m. Sundays and le«al holidays, depart
at 7:10. 7:45. 8:30. 9:13, 10:00. l.l:d>. 1X:4O
a. m., 12:20, 1:00, 1:45, 2:30. 3:15, 4:0O, 4:3K
5:15, 5:50. 6:25. 7:15. 8:13. 9:00*. 10:20. 11:35
p. ra.
Arrive at Eaa Francisco, week days, 8:17.
T:00. 7:S3. 8:13,. 8:45. 9:33. 10:20. 11:03 a, m.,
12:05.-1:25. 2:50. 8:35. 4<20. 5:05, 5:40, «:».*>.
6:55. ?:S5, 10:05. 11:23 p. m. On Sundays an. I
lpgal holidays extra .trains arrive at 12:43.
2:05. 8:90 p. m.
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:43 a. m.. .
3:15 p. m., 5:15 p. m. (ex. Sat.). On Sundays
and leral holidays, at 7:45. 8:30/ 9:15, 10:00.
11:00, 11:40 a. m.. 12:20, 1:00. 1:43, 2:30. 7:13
and 8:15 p. m.- - ¦
TIIROTJOH TRAIN'S. .
7:43 a. m. dally — Caxadero and way station*.
9:15 a. m.. Sundays only— For Point Reyes. *
etc.
3:15 p. ra., dally except Sunday— For Caza-
dero, etc
5:15 p. ra.. dally except Saturday and Sun-
day — For Point Reyes, etc.
7:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Pofnt Reyes,
etc.
8:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Cazadero, etc
TICKET OFFICE— 628 Market st.
FERRT— Union Depot, foot of Market st •
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Ltavo Via <taa*»hta Cfrrj Arrive
San Frauclsco r»«t »f .larWtSt- I San Francisco
Week San- JTIL. sun-. Week .-
Days. days. j/&vrtrd\. „?'*??: P*l s-
: 8 30T K><£«^a »2:45 r* 8-.481
10:00^ 2:135 P*if:05^.
10:66a 11:00a VC"fttfM»?JT 3:35 p 3.33 f
B:15p| 1:45 p \JSfX 6:15r 10:05/
I 4:35 r ' 8:50 r ...:....
• Tla Cmity Car. * Tam»]>al» f "'» T>I! «T?
Tickkt )fc» Makkst St. (North SJiore Pvailroa.i)
Orrtcss (and Sacsalito Fxkkt, foot Market St.
WEEEY GALL
16 Pa^cs. SI pcrYcaP
Ella Taylor, a native of Santa Clara, Cal,,
aged 8 years 6 months and 16 days. . -
TERKILDSEN— In Oakland. Cal.*,' May 8L 1004;
Christian Terklldsen. a native of Denmark,
aged SU years 3 months and 9 dai-n.
of Ban Francisco, aged 43 years and
9 months. • . •. ;. ¦
ICTFriends and acquaintances are;respeot-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his Bleter. Mrs. Charles Bredhoff, 1130 Elghtn
street. Interment private.
FERRER— In this city, June 1. 1904, Manuel
G. Ferrer, aged 72 years.
GARVIN— In this city, June 1. 190*. William
Garvin. a native of Jefferson County. New
York, aged 57 years. . .
GHEARTY— In this city, June L 180*, Mrs.
Annie Ghearty beloved mother of the late
Mrs. Mary McDonouch, and sister of the
late Mary and Julia Kelly, a native of
County Longford, Ireland, aged .71 years and
0 months. (Brooklyn Eagle please copy.)
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her son-in-law, Patrick McDonough, 19
Walter street, thence to Mission Dolores
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her "pul.
commencing at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
OUILLIUM— In this city May 3L 1904, Ceclle.
dearly beloved and only daughter of Philippe
and Aneellque Gullllum, niece of Jaque,
Fred, Charlie and Willie Guillium. and Mr.
and Mrs. Maden. Mr. and Mrs. M., Kupfer.
Mr. and Mrs. Toussalnt, Mr. Etlenne, and
cousin of Joe and Victor Etienn*. Eddie,
Nellie and Alice Kupfer and Emll Maden
and Leon and Angellque Brunner, a native or
San Francisco, aged 8 years 6 months and 4
days.
(CTFuneral strictly private, to-day (Thurs-
day), from the residence of her parents, 827
Montgomery street. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
HEALEY— In Oakland, Cal.. May 30, 1904,
Margaret Theresa Healey. dearly beloved
daughter of Abraham and Mary Healey, and
Bister of John Joseph and Mary Francis
Healey. a native of San Francisco, aeed la
years 10 months and 14 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-aay
<Thur£»iay) at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-,
ems' residence. C.16 Forty-fourth street,
thence to Sacred Heart Church, where a sol-
emn hl«h mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her souk at 10 o'clock. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
KAUFMAN— In San Jose. Cal., May 31. 1904,
Louise, beloved sister of August W. Kauf-
man. Augusta Eckenroth. Mrs^ Sophie Bow-
ers and Herman C. Kaufman, a native of
New • York.
[CTThe funeral will- take place to-day
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from No. 1444
Leavenworth etreet, between Washington and
Jackson. Funeral and Interment strictly prl- I
vate. Please ¦ omit flowers.
KEEFE— In Escalle, Cal., May 30, 1904, Lil-
lian Gertrude, beloved daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. D. J. Keefe, and sister of Mary S..
George B., Daniel J. Jr. and Martha "W.
Keefe.' a native of San Francisco.
ICTha funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday) morning at 10 o'clock, from the 1
residence of her parents, 1742 Union street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car- j
riase. \
LITZIUS— In this city. June 1, 1904, Edward
C. LltziUB, dearly beloved husband of Marae
Lltzius. father of Gertie and Joe Lltzlus. son
of Aug. F. and the late Caroline Litzius, and
brother of Aug. C, Louis F.. William F.
and Charles H. Lltzlus, and Mrs. A. Ham-
bley and Mrs. E. Hilton, a native of San
Francisco, aged 40 years 8 months and 9
days.
LINTNER— In this city. June 1. 1904, at the
residence of his parents, 13SS Sixteenth ave-
nue. South San Francisco, Charles William
Lintner, dearly beloved husband of Emma
Lintner. loving father of Vertis Lintner, and
devoted son of Sebastian and Elizabeth
Lintner, a native of Chicago, 111., aged 35
yearn 4 months and 16 days. A member of
South San Francisco Lodge No. 45. Knights
of Pythias, and San Francieco Lodge No. 1
of National Association of Stationary En-
gineers.
E7"S<»rvices will be held to-morrow 'Fri-
day), at '1 o'clock, at Masonic Hall, Four-
teenth street and Railroad avenue. South San
Francieco, under the auspices of South San
Francisco Lodge No. "45, Knlchts of PythiaB.
. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
LYONS— In this city. June 1. 1904, Denis, be-
loved husband of Norah Lyons, father of
Cornelius Lyons, stepfather of Frank. George
- # and Robert Connolly, son of John and Mar-
garet Lyons, and brother of James, Corne-
lius, Annie, John, Jerry and the late Michael
and Norah Lyons, a native of Scartaglin,
County Kerry, Ireland, aged 29 years.
CyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 422 Natoma street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of hissoul,
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross -Ceme-
tery. 1
MoAVOY— At Anderson Springs, May 30. 1904,
Hugh B., beloved husband of Helen McAvoy,
and father of Edith, Hugh, Margaret and
Helen McAvoy. a native of Louetta, Cam-
bria County, Pennsylvania, aged 51 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
. (Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from hia late
residence, 1 Broderick street, corner of Wal-
ler, thence to St. Agnes Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mans will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
electric car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
Btreets. ¦
- Mission Council No. 3. Young Men's Insti-
tute — The officers and members of Mission
Council No. 3. Young Men's Institute, are I
hereby notified to attend the funeral of our !
late brother, II. B. McAvoy, from his late
residence. No. 1 Broderick street, on Thurs-
day, at 9 o'clock.
ALEXIS ANDLER. President.
CHARLES G. WILLEY, Secretary.
Division No. 10. Ancient Order of Hiber-
nians In America — The officers and members
of Division No. 10, A. O. H. In A., are here-
by notified to attend the funeral of our late
brother, H. B. McAvoy, from his late resi-
dence. No. 1 Broderick etrect, to-day (Thurs-
day), June 2, at 9 o'clock a. m. By order
M. DONOHOE, President.
JOHN H. DOLAN, Recording Secretary.
McCOY— In this city. May. 31, 1904. Patrick.
I beloved husband of the late Hannah Mc-
Coy, and father of Thomas, Michael, John
H. and Patrick F. McCoy, and Mrs. Lizzie
Roich and Mrs. Llllle Corwell, a' native of
County Armagh. Ireland, aged 62 years 2
months and 21 days.
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock,, from the • resi-
dence of his daughter. Mrs. Lizzie Roich,
2938 Laguna street, between Union and Fil-
bert, thence to St. Brigitl's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of bix soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
McDONOUGH— In this city. May 31. " 1904. I
Mary, dearly beloved wife of Patrick Mc-
Donough, mother of Clinton and the late
Gertrude and James J. McDonough, daugh-
ter of Annie Ghearty, and niece of the late I
Mary and Julia Kelly, a native of Brooklyn,
N. Y., aged 47 years 3 months and 21 days.
(Brooklyn Eagle please copy.)
IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her lat« resi-
dence. 19 Walter street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McKENNEY— In Alameda, Cal.. May 30, 1904,
Prentlss A., beloved son of H. A. and E. M.
McKenney. and brother of Lucy M., James
W., Mary E. and Emily G. McKenney of
1 Ean Francisco, a native of San Francisco,
aged 13 years 1 month and 27 days.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, at the
Presbyterian Church, on Harrison street,
near Fifth. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
ter y- : rX .';-v
NYGARD— In tbls city. May 31 1904. Annie
Kristlne Nygard, dearly beloved wife of Al-
fred G. Nygard, and mother of Wltta, Har-
ald, Peter, Waldemar. Rlgmor and EJgill
Nygard, a native of Denmark, aged 37 years
2 months and 13 days.
tC7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of II. F. Huhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Cremation - 1.
O.O. F. Cemetery.
'O'BRIEN— In this city, June 1, 1904, James
D. O'Brien, a native of Ireland, aged 33
years. '
O'CONELL— In this city. May 30, 1904. Jo-
hanna O'Conell, mother of the late Michael
and Patrick O'Conell, a native of Megls-
enrough City, Cork, Ireland, aged 97 years. '
RAY — In this city. June 1, 1004, Mellle S.. be-
loved daughter of Henry H. and the late
Mary A Ray, sister of Eugene and Henry
Ray. and loving. niece of W. A. and Hallie
IC Milner, a native of Eureka, Cal., aged
19 years 10 months and 21 days.
lC7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
June 4. at 2 o'clock, from her late residence.
2210 Devisadero street. Interment Red Bluff
Cal.
SALTS— In this city. May 31, 1004, James A.,
. beloved husband of Fannie Salts loving
father of Minna Salts, son of the late Fan-
nie Kelllng, and brother of the late Albert
A. Salts, a native of New York, aged 58
years. (New York and Staten Island papers
please copy.)
CyThe funeral services will take place to-
day (Thursday), at 10 o'clock, at his late
residence. 2703 California etreet. Interment
private. Please omit flowers. I
SECRET AN— In this city. May 31,' 1904, Almee
J. F« 7-atsn. beloved mother, of Mrs. E. M.
McBlrney. Mrs. T. M. Chapman and Mrs.
S. T. jiu-ton, and the late Mrs. J. W. Orear,
Mme. H. lloureols of Bordeaux, France, and
Mrs. Edmond Grls - of Valparaiso, Chile, a
native of France, aged 88 years 5 - months
and fl days. . . .
ETThe funeral services . will be . held , to-
day (Thursday), at 11 o'clock, at the chapel
of Odd Fellows'. Crematory. '
SIMMONS— In this city. June 1, 1004, George,
beloved son of Edward, and Alma Simmons.
• and brother of Grace and Raymond Simmons,
a native of San • Francisco, aged 3 months
and 29 days. ' ' • " ' ,|
SWAN— In the City and County Hospital, June
- .1, 1904. Charles W. Swan,' a native of Mas-
sachusetts, aged 81; years. ;' •
TAYLOR— In Ea«t Oakland, Cal., June 1, 1004,
of scarlet fever, at the residence of her par-
ents, 1276 . East • Eleventh street, Kathryn
Isabel, beloved daughter of William F." andBAGS— Grain Bags 5-Hc spot and 5%c June-
July; San Quentln. $3 40; Wool Bags, 32933c:
Fleeco Twine. 7©8c. - > . ¦-¦¦•¦.
COAL— Wellington $8 per ton: New Welling
ton $8: Seattle. $6 60; Bryant. $6 80: Beaver
HIM. $5 50; Stanford. $7; Roslyn, $7: Coos
Bay $5 60. Greta $7: Wallsend. $7; Richmond,
$7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and $14 23 In
•acks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 60; Cannel. $8 60 per ton; Coke. $11 5AQU
per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Moun-
General Merchandise.
NEW, TORK. June 1. — FLOUR — Receipts
2S.800? exports. 9300. Market steady, with
light trade. Winter straights, $4 90fl$5.
WHEAT — Receipts. 23.C00 bushels. Spot,
flrm: No. 2 red. nominal, elevator, and nominal
f. o. b. afloat; No, 1 Northern Duluth. $1 04%
f. o. b. afloat. ,
Options acted bullish 'all day. on demand "by
shorts. The liberal decrease '- the world's
stocks, higher corn market and active south
west demand all contributed to the advance.
The close was strong at V t nf\t,e net higher.
Clo*e — July. »2 He; September, 86^0; Decem-
Quiet.
HIDES— Steady. -
WOOL — Steady.
PETROLEUM— Easy.
COFFEE — Spot, steady; mild, steady. .The
market for coffee futures closed steady at a
net decline of 5 points. Total sales, 33,250 bags
Including: June, 6.50c: July, 6.55c; September,
5.80c; December, 6.05®6.10c; March, 6.35c;
May, 6.60c.
, SUGAR — Raw, firm: -fair reflnln*. 3 7-16c;
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. June 1.— Cotton futures opened
steady, prices 6 points higher to 2 points
lower, and closed within a point or two of
the bottom and' barely steady at a decline at
12353 points.
New York Cotton Market.
WASHINGTON. June 1.— To-day's treasury
statement: Available cash balance.- $163 2S7 -
510: gold. $67,502,391. .''
Cash in the Treasury.
Tho. following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Franclaco. less 60
per cent for shrinkage" for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7%©8Hc;.Cows anJ HeU
ers 6H@7c; thin Cows. 4®5c per lb. •-
CALVES — l«?4«c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers 3%@4c: Ewm. 3®3Vie
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 60<S2 73 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs. 6c;
over 200 lbs, 4V^c: soft Hogs, nominal; Sows,
20. per cent off; Boars. 60 per cent off. and
Stags. 40 per cent off from above quotations.
- Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 6M:4i"c for Steers and 696c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 637c: small. 7H£9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7©8c: Ewes, 6HO7«
per lb.
LAMB— SH89C per Ib.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 6V4©8%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The feature of the market at the moment Is
the larsre quantity of Veal coming In on con
signment, an** prices are very weak in conse*
quenca.' Other descriptions remain as before
stated.
•DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
The Markets of the Coast Re
ported Weak and Quieter.
Pacific Coast Wood ar.d Ircn says:
"Tfeer« ha* been hardly any notieeatle lm-.
prcvement In the local lumber trade during
the pa*t month. Prices have been unaltered,
mfcile the demand stl!l remain* dormant. The
•prlng orders have been entered, but active
competition" has *erved to keep down a reason
able profit. Pine ard redwood are equal suf
ferers although the latter is not a* hard hit
a* the oth<r wood. However, there is sUIl
little benefit In haridllnr either commodity.
' Complaint* are heard from all over the Pa
clflc Coa*t and the Pacific Northwest Is suf
.ferir.p grc-ater business depression than In Cal-
Jfcmla. Oregon I* also affected, and many
of. the smaller and larger mills have, seen fit
to close down and await better, more rt~
• munerative rrlce*. -
•¦The pine from Washington and Oregon is
romlnj to the Seln FrancUeo market in heavy
'shipment*, which are placed -on the curb at
pltr.ost any old price as long as business Is
• h«ir.g done. The general orders given by lum
ber manager* to-day Is to '»ell lumber and
•" rell it 'quick.' The redwood manufacturers
•ha\> agiWd to uphold card prices, but there
.!*¦ inuch doubt expressed upon the street as
-t;j tKe strength of this agreement.
•"."Redwood is a trifle stronjrer. The dealers
• ore looking for business, but tt seem* to be
r a -grenfral feeling that the new agreement will
'not- 'hold for lone. ¦
"Building operations all over the coast are
active and contract work Is being done each
" day, »-4th millions of feet of lumber liable to
" be • used Viefore the end of the current year.
"However, with the late.Elump in lumber build
«"rs a:* awaiting further developments, al
.thr-UKh they fail" to realise that even a drop
¦of $5 per thousand would not save them a very
heavy amount of finsnees.
"Irterlor reports show the same condition
: rtf ur.rest, although the ,<uzmer demand for
"• lumbcf is soon to be at hand.
• ... ''Shingles are active, with plenty of orders
<-<TOlr.*T -into th.e various agencies and combl
'¦'•nfltion offices. The' Eastern and Middle West
err States rr.arkpts are sending In good orders
. Tor-_ redw'ood- varieties, while the red cedar
¦ -: ;r.c> reeme. to fro a-begging in many ln
. stances. The miTls are all actively engaged In
n.ark€t: cutting. '¦•
Government Money Here.
¦ . Julius Jacobs, Assistant Treasurer of the
¦ ¦ Vrited States at San Francisco, reports the
/ash in the Sub-Trrt«»ry at the close of biisi
.riess on May 31. as follow*:
t'nlted State* r.otes $17.2fiS 00
Tr*S5ury note* of 1890 1.931 00
; National tank notes 935 00
.Gold certificates ;.. lW.finO 00
• yilyer certificates' 27,911 00
.<;oid coin -. 23.nss.251 72
-•8tar.dp.rd silver dollars 30.895.229 <X>
Subsidiary cilx-er" coin 640 522 05
• Minor coin. 23.587 72
. Fractional currency 14 88
Coupons: 1.070 30
•Intrifst cheek*, funded Inans of
1907 1304. 192S. 1906-1918 and"
.• cpnaoli of 1930 . S5B 55
.. : -Total ". .*55.iS1.712 22
Shirred in May —
•. Standard silver dollars $I.*>O..VJO
• Fractional ellrer coin . .• 183.215
.' Total ..."..;. .' ;.S239.7U
'". ¦ " Stocks of Grain.
' •-." .Kenry C. Bunker, chief grain Inspector of
.the Merchant*' Exchange, reports stocks of
. -'(rrain.cn .hand In" regular warehouse and on
¦ wharf June". 1. as follows, In tons:
'•'.¦¦ • ' WHEAT
.' ." .". • May 1. June 1.
•Pert Costa ." ; 12 MO 13.701
•Ftockton 17.203 17.K5
City' .". 2,093 . 1,6?3
- : ". ¦- • —^-BARLEY
- ••' • - May 1. June 1.
"Tort Corta 7.106 3.330
Btockton • ,i.:..:: 5.22(» 4/M3
OtT ....'., '. 3.242" 3.748
" •'. " .,".' Ms,y 1. June 1.
Otti , .i -2.257 1.K20
'Corn-' '¦ , VC. -2'W
Bran'... A 170 200
'"peans. «acks ...-. • 82,840 82.W1
•¦ Receipts in May were 10.424 tons Wheat
X13.M3 tons Barrey. 1541 tons- Oats. 641 tons
'jCTorn. 1'43S tons Bran and 31,377 sacks Beans.
• •n . ."' . " '•_-* •— ¦ . :',-..¦
• ... . " Weather Report. ,
¦ ¦-:¦ . (I20th Meridian— Pacific Tlme[)
. : .' • -SAN FRANCIFCO, June 1— 0 n. m.
The followtns;- rr.axlmurn ffnd minimum tern
•f*ratpr«« {or the previous fi»y are- reported
.' from Eastern stations : >.*.-: .
•" Boirton -•' •- . .64-57 [New Orleans! 88-74
.Cincinnati , .-70-54, Philadelphia 64-5«
Jacksonville S*-«ej Washington ......84-04
Kansas City 72-C4|New York. ... 60-56
'-.; .' : THE. COAST RECORD.
:¦ . ¦•'-*:. ' 3 S?£-Sl if "<S I
¦¦ ¦ ¦ '1 fSll Sl :'. St, t
'. "feTATIONS. I *| 53 || - ¦:*¦* ¦ |
• "z. * * ' « ' '" *¦'""* * * *- ** * • *
Baker 2S.96 M 44 NW Rain r T27
"Carson HO.OQ i'A 56 W Cloudy • 00
Eureka 3*0* M « S Rain .28
Fresno 3(r.O2 84 CO NW Clrar .uO
FaraHon 30. 1« Cl 55 SW Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 29. C8 70 42 BW Pt.Cldy .00
' Poiatello 29.M 02 50 V? Pt.Cldy. Vi
Indei>endpnc« .29.78 B (8 » Pt.Cldy .00
Lou Ar.xelcs..2».«8 76 66 S Cloudy .00
Mt. Tamali.ale30.17 69 <5 XV Ooudy .do
' North Head W> .-
Phoenix 2S.OS »4 *«S W Pt.Cldy .00
Point Reyes.. 30. 12 «3 f»2 8 Cloudy .00
I'Ortland 29.:i2 C4 52 PK -Cloudy .01
n«^ IJlu«,. ...5*0,10 70 12 SE Cloudy Tr.
Kos*burg*.-..29.-9C" W 4S SW Cloudy .08
Eacrarr.er.to . .30.08 70 60 R Cloudy Tr.
Salt Lake 2a. M 'W T* N It.CIdy .00
Fan Francisco.30.20 C4 54 \V Cloudy .on
fi. L. Obl*po.30.J0 (IS 50 W Pt.Cldy .00
Fan Dif;o 29.00 fiS 60 W Cloudy .00
Feattlo 29.K4 «« 4* 8 Cloudy. .12
FtK>kane 2!>.ft4 «0 4U S Cloudy ..74
Tatoosh 2fl«0 62 46 E Cloudy .Oft
Walla Walla. 29.92 «'# 60 £W Pt.Cldy .11
Winnemucca .29.1*4 fS 49 W Cloudy .01
Yumi 29.«jS M Cg SW gear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND OENERAL
FORECABT.
L'rrettled weather prevails over Jl larre por
tion of the Pacific £lone- There has been a
slight •*!! In pr««ure during 'the past twenty
•touf hours along the Oregon Coast.
Light tViowers are renorted. in • the Sacra
. me.-. to Valley 'nd moderately heavy rain on
the northern coast of California. *. ..'•¦¦-
The temperature continues below normal In
«>e*»rr>at »-aIlev.
Foreaart made at Ran Francisco for thirty
-bours endinir midnte'ht. June 2:
Nf>n#iem California — Cloudy • unsettled
weather Thursday, with showers In northern
• portion; #rcsh »outh«-rly wind.
Southern f^llfornla— Cloudy unsettled
weather Thursday: fresh aouthwest wind. -
Nevada — Cloudjs Thursday.
Fan Francisco an"d vicinity — Cloudy unset
tled weather Thursday, r**'ib!y llrht thow
cr«i fresh nouth*rly winds.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster. '
' ¦ LIVERPOOL.
- Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening 0 8% 6 4%
Closing 6 3% .6 4%
-PARIS.
Wheat— June. Sept. -Dec.
Oprnlng • 20 20 20 20
Closing ....20 25 20 20
Op^mng""........ 27 60 27 20
Closing ......... ....- 27 55 27 25
Wheat and Corn in Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL, June 1.— Following are tha
stocks of wheat and corn in store and on
quays (railway and canal depots not in
cluded): Wheat, 2.224,000 centals; corn, 812,
000 centals. _ "
St. Louis Wool Market.
BT, LOUIS, June 1.— Wool .firm; medium
grades combing and clothing. 18<&2:i%o; light,
fine. 16$1So; heavy, fine, 12#15c; tub washed,
218-820. 1 ' ' j'- '•-*-.".. .?¦¦•¦:
Northern: Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, June. 1.— WHEAT— "Walla
Walla, 71©72c;. bluestem. 80c;-valley. 81@S2c.
WASHINGTON.
- TACOMA, June ' 1.— WHEAT— lo lower;
bluestem, S2c: club, 72c. .
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, June ' 1.— Clearings, ' $847,400;
bs lances. $102,375."
TACOMA. June 1.— Clearings, $479,180;
ba'ancer. $88,539. . -¦.
! PORTLAND. June 1. — Clearings, $537,034;
balance*. $49,628. • .
SPOKANE, June 1. — Clearings, , $329,384;
balances, $44,842. - • x ¦
Foreign Futures.
"*New Potatoes continue to arrive freely and
prices'^had a further decline, but trade was
quite active at the revised quotations and'de
sirable lota were closely cleaned up at the
close Old Potatoes were being forced for
sale and only strictly fancy lots received any
attention. Onjons were steady at unchanged
Nearly all kinds of miscellaneous vegetables
were In free supply and prices had but slight
variation. The quotations for String and Wax
Beans had a vide range as to quality, the top
rates being obtained only for freshly arrived
lots from . the Sacramento River. Offerings
from other sections were mostly old and
toujch and met with a sluggish demand at
unsteady rates. The canners were still buy-
Ing Asparagus and paid 4%c for No. 2 and
5c for the best No. 1 stock. Green Corn from
Brentwood brought 25i03Oc per dozen, while
Coachella lots wera unsalable.
POTATOES — New. in boxes. $1 23® 1 63 per
ctl for* white and $1 25@1 oO for Early Rose;
In Hacks $lff$l 50 per ctl; old Oregon Burbanks.
$1®1 25' per" ctl; old river Burbanks, S5c@$l
Australian Yellow. $5 per ctl: new
Red, S5e©$l Per sack: ntw Green. 60©00c
P 'vEGKTABLES— Asparagus. 4<RR%c per lb:
Rhubarb. 60®75c per box; Green Peas. $1©
1 23 per sack; String Beans. 3®7c per lb;
Wax Beans, 3@7c per lb; Tomatoes. $1 50©
1 7S ror box or crate for Los An«clos
and $1 60fl2 for Mexican (repacked): Sum
mer Squath. 75c«$l 25 .. per box; Cabbag*.
SI rer ctl :' Carrots. 60c per sack; Cucumber*.
BOc«$l per doien; do. Marysville. $175
tier box- Oarlle, new, 5#6o per lb:
E*«c Plant, 8®l0c per lb;-Dried Peppers, 8®10c
for sun-dried and 12%<J13e per lb for evap
orated: Dried , Okra, 12%©15c per lb; Green
Peppers. 7<fM0c per lb for Los Angeles and 10
fll5c for Mexican: Marrowfat Squash. Jobbing
at l%02c per lb.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Miscellaneous Markets.
STOCK AND BOND .EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, June 1—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid- Ask, -
4s qr coup.. 106% 107%!4s qr cp new.132 133
4s qr reg. -.105%100%!3s nr coup. ..105^,106%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. 101. — O»k T Co 6s. 119*4 — '
Bay CPC 5s.l0l 1C2 Do 6s 110?,112
Cal C G Ss.100 103 Do con 5s. — 102%
Cal O & E g Oceanic S 5s.. 63 —
m & ct 5s 82% — Om Cabla 6s. — • 123V» .
Cal-st C Ss.118 — Fac O Im 4s. 91%. 85.
C C VTat 6s. — 101 tP E Ry 5s.l04%105'i
Ed L A P 6s — 123 P* C H 6s.lO5 — •
F A C H 6s.U4% — P A O R 6a.H6 —
Gearr-st 5s.. — - — Powell-st 6s. — J14
H C4S 5%s.lPO — Sac EOARSs. 9«% OS
Do 6s .7.. 96 87%! SF A SJV5s.ll«%
Hon R T «s.lO5 — iSlenV R 6s.:110 115 ••
L A Elec 3s. — 105 Is P of A 6s '
L A Ry 5».111% — O909) f0« lt»»i
L A L Co 6s — — - (1910) ... . . .109 — . '
Do gtd 6s.. — — IS P of C «s ¦ :.-,'
Do gtd 5s.l02%105 I (1903)Sr A.101% —
LAP, lem 5».1O1 — 1 (10O3)Sr B.102% —
Mkt-st C 6s. — 119^1 (19O«> 104% —
Dolcm3s.ll4 - [ (1912) 1U%U9-
MVA MtT5«.l0m — SPC 1 cs; 3s.U0 — ¦
N'RR of C6s.l06%107%! V6 stmpd.. 107%108'4
* Do 5s ....116%117 |S P B R 6s,131%- —
N P C R 5s. - 106% S V Watte.- 103
N C Ry 5S.110 — Do 4a Mm. — WK
N C P C 6s. 96% — Do 4s 3dm. —* 99
N S It R 5s. 92% — Stltn -G&EKs. — 101
O O L4H Ss.107 — U- O & E Ss.lCO 105
O W gtd 3s. — — I
WATER STOCKS;
Contra Costa 33 40 (Port .Costa... — — .
Marln Co... — 60 |S V.Wat Co. 37% 33
GAS AND ELECTRIC. .
Cent LAP. 3% 4 .|3 F O A E. 60S —
Mutual E L. 12V t 13 !Stkn G * E. 3 —
Pac L Co... 56% — |f G 4 E C* -r — •
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.300 340 I
BANK STOCKS."
Am Ntl BK..125 126. |L P A A... 130 18ft
Annlo-Cal .. 83% 8tf«JIMer- Trust.... — .220
Bank of Cal. 423 43O |Merch Ex.... 30 — .
Cal Safe Dp.143 147%IS F Nationl. — —
First Nationl — — I
SAVINGS BANKS. . •
Oer S & L.22S0 2330 |Sav A L So. —.100
Hum 8 & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. r- 430
Mutual Sav. 100 —r Union T Co. -*- —
S F Sav U.625 — ' •,
STREET RAILROADS. ; •'.
California .. — 200 IPresldlo S9% -*
Geary — 60 I .
POWDER.
Giant '. 60% 61 IVIgorlt 4 —
SUGAR. •
Hana P Co. — 30c [Kllauea S C.. 3 4
Hawaiian C. 49% - (Makawell G 21 Vi 22
Honokaa S C 12 12%! Onomea S C. 2* 27%
Hutch SPC 8% 9 I Paauhau S C. 13ft 11
MISCELLANEOUS. . •
Alaska PA. — 1*0 I Oceanic 8 Co. 4 1%
Ca" F C A - 100 I Pac Aux FA. 5 5
Cal Wine A. 90% - I Pac C Bcrx.155 -
MV& MtTm.100 — I . •
Morning Session.
Beard — • • __
. 60 Hawaiian Coml * Sugar 49 75
13 8 F Gas A Electric 60 5*
$1,000 United States 3s (coupon)-.... 10« 00
. Afternoon Session. • '
Board —
10 California 'Wine Association.-.. 90 73
40 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 50 00
13 S F Gas A Electric 60 30
HIDES AND PKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %@lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9%c: medium. 8%c: light.. 8c: Cowr
Hide*. 8c for heavy and Sc for light: Stags.
6c- Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf. He: dry Hides. 18c: dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf 19c: Sheepskins, shearlings, 23'ff30c each;
short Wool. 40ftG5c each: medium. 70®90c: long
Wool $1@1 60; Horse Hides, salt. S2 75 tor
large and $2©2 50 for medium. $1 25-lfl 75 for
small and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $t®l 2S
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins— Dry
Mexican 30c; dry Salted Mexican. 25c: dry
Central American 30«32%c. Goat Skins—
Prime Angoras. 75c: large and smooth. 00c;
medium. 35c: small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%©4%c per lb:
No 2. 3%«Mc: grease. 2%«3c.
WOOL— Spring Clip — San Joaquln and South
ern 12 months' O&llc: do 7 months'. ¦ 8810c
per Ib: Middle Counties. 12916c for free and
114114c for defective; Northern. 15617c for free
and 13©15c for defective; Nevada. 12®15c, ac
cordlmc to- condition.
HOPS— J6bbinir at 27%«30c per lb for Cali
fornia. 1903. For crop of 1904 the nominal
quotation Is 20c.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool' and Hops.
Receipts of Beans In May were 31.377 bags,
agalnn 22,801 In April.. The stock In regular
warehouse and on wharf June 1 was 82.931
bagf against 82,940 May 1. The market con
tinues quiet and unchanged. -
BEANS— Bayos. $2 25«2 50: Pea. $2 00@3;
Butters $3: *ma)l White. $2 S5<S-'t 10; large
White $2 2502 55: Pink, $3 45(S$3 60; Red,
$4 23; Lima. $3 2503 SO; Red Kidneys, $4 75@
6; Blarkeye. $1 WiS" 15 Per ctl; Horse Beans,
*S*EED's— Brown 'Mustard. $4fl4 25; Yollow
Mustard. $3i5." 25; Flax. $1 SOflSl 00: Canary,
5V%96%c for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14%®16c; Rape,
l ! )4ii2c: Timothy. 606%c; Hemp, 3%@4c per
lb: Millet. 3@3%c; Brootn Corn Seed. $20^21
Pe r>RIED PEAS— Blackey'e, per ctl: NUes,
$3 25; Green Peas, $3^3 25. . ; v>
Beans and 'seeds.
CHICAGO. June 1.— CATTLE— Receipts.
20 0CO- steady: good to prime steers. $5#5 90;
poor to medium. $4 50® 5 40: stocker* and feed
er* $3 25I?4 »0: cows. $1 75@4 60; heifer's,
$2 50fl5: canner*. $1 75@2 90; bulls, $2 60fP
4 30; calves. $2 30#0: Texas fed steers. $3 60fl>
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 38,000; to-morrow,
30 000- 5c higher; mixed and butcher*. $4 60®
4 80- cood to choice heavy, $4 75(^4 S5:, rough
heavy. $4 WS* 75; light, $* 5O3H 70; bulk of
"s'hFEP— Receipts, 20,000: sheep and lamb*
steady to lower: (rood to choice wethers, $5 75ft
6 80- fair to choice mixed. $3 75^5; Western
*heeo $4 73®3 30; «atlve lambs. $3@0 30;
Western lambs, $5 50^6 00; April lambs. $5 56
QC 50.
CHICAGO.
Livestock* Market.
CHICAGO June 1.— On the Produce Ex
chanee to-day the butter market was firm;
creameries. 13%017%c; dairies. 12®]0c: eggs,
steady, 14%©15Vic; cheese, steady. .%<g9c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 0%c per lb for
heavy, - 10c for light medium. 12c for light.
13VjC for extra light and 15<gl6c for sugar
cured: Eastern sugar-cured Hanw, 13c; Cali
fornia Hams. 12©12%c; Mess Beef. $10®
10 60 per bbl; extra Mess. $11011 50: Family.
$12«S12 50; prime Mess Pork. $14; extra clear.
$23; Mes*. $17 50; Dry Salted Pork. 9*4e: Pig
Pork. $26; Pigs* Feet. $5; Smoked Beef, lie
per ib.
LARD— Tierces quoted at «%e per lb for
compound and SVic for pure: half- barrels, pure.
8%c; 10-lb tins. 9%c; 8-Ib tins. 9%c; 3-Ib tins.
9%c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8%e; three
half barrels SVic: one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
8c: five tierces. 7%c per lb.
Chicago was weak on the day and reported
Hozs In large receipt, but 5c higher. A big
rush of Hogs is expected this month. Packers
are disposed to sell Provisions on the rallies
and are not supporting the market.
This market in dull and unchanged.
Provisions,
NEW TORK. June 1.— There was a slightly
I wider m rrmrnt of prices in to-day's stock
market il.nn the recent average, but this was
largely ennfined to ppe<*lal otoclts of the dormant
class. The usual market leaders were sluggish
and neglected and their narrow fluctuations
cannot be accepted as Indicative of any widely
held opinions on the market. Many of the
low-priced stock* which sold off sharply to
day have had the appearance of' speculative
•affinities In the past under pool manipulation,
and the *uc£e*tlons put afloat In the course
i of this i«*t manipulation have implied a pos-
I f Utility of some ultimate combination between
a number of such roads, small in themtelves
I and of small financial Importance, with no
I dividend dlrtributlon on their » tocks and with
more or leg* myptery maintained regarding tho
actual earnings and operation. The common
Interest In theae stocks of a pneculatlve party
of gome prominence has constituted a vantage
point for speculative operations In the group
under leadership. The selling of these stocks
for the last few days Is attributed by the
seller* to fear* that the holdlnjr* of the rpecu
latlve party have been largely reduced and
supporting measures for the securities In the
I market abandoned. The downward cour*e of
railroad earning* delays the hope of dividends,
j which were- distinctively prospective at best.
¦ A number of Southwestern raHrnad stocks suf
fered from -professional uneaslneos over their
financial prospects. One or two point louses
resulted In the Colorado and Southern stocks,
the Toledo. .St. Louis and Western*, the St.
Louis -Southwestern utocks. Missouri. Kansas
and Texas preferred and some others. The
heavlncs* elfewhere In the market was largely
In sympathy with that In these special stocks.
News was taken little account of. Reports
of further depression of the Iron output In
prospect helped to depre** United Suites Steel
preferred and wore an Influence on the general
market. So were reports of additional rail
road retrenchments and »ome reflected effect
from this on railroad equipment companies..
Continued large demand for anthracite made
the coalers relatively flrm and there was be
sides *ome demand from short* to cover In the
• Eriet on their recent drop. A number of re
port* of net earnings of railroad* for April
showed the declining tendency still in force.
The money market showed no change from Its
recent almost nominal character. There were
some recoveries by the weak * tocks and the
last prlc-s In the general list were little
chanced from last night.
The bond Amarket wa » <3u " an<1 Irregular.
Total rales (par value). $l.445.0tiO.
United States 2s and the 3* registered ad
vanced % per cent; the 3« coupon, the old 4s
and the new 4s registered % per cent, and the
new it coupon % per cent on call.
. NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. Hi*h. Low. Close.
Atcblson 2.900 CO C&i «8%
nai, h r6h f .o :::::: '700 77% m §ji
Bait A Ohio pfd 90%
Canadian Pacific »'
Central of N J 155
Cr.e»ap& Ohio .... 300 29% 2!>% 20%
Chi A Alton 100 35% 35% 35H
Chi &. Alton pfd 80%
Chi A G Western.. 1.100 14% 14% 14%
Chi & Northwestn 1*
Chi Mil A St Paul. 2,000 139% 139% 139%
Chi MII.& St P pfd 175%
Chi Term & Trans. 400 6% 6 -6
ChJ Term A T pfd. «OO 14 13% 14
C i; C i Si Louis. 100 CO CO 68
Cclo Pouthern .... 1,200 14% 1K% 13%
Colo South 1st pfd. 1.400 49 48 48%
Cole South 2d pfd. 2.100 19 IS 18%
Del A Hudson l.»00 154% 133% 153%
Del Lack A West 266
Denver A Rio G... 200 10% 19% 10'i
Denver A R G pfd. 100 /#% 66% 60%
Erie • 10.000 23% 22% 23
Erie 1st Pfd 2.900 67 50 66%
Erie 2d pfd 100 33% 33% -83%
Hocking Valley .. 400 62% 61 62
Hocking Valley pfd 100 79 79 78V4
Illinois Central ... 100 120%' 120% 129%
Iowa Central 16
Iowa central pfd "82.
K C Southern 400 19 18% 19
K C Southern pfd. • 100 37 37 37
Louie & Na*h «O0 107% 107 106%
Manhattan J^ ..... 700 144% 143% 144%
Metropolitan Secur. 1. 100 78% 78 77%
Metropolitan Sf Ry 2.200 110% 100% no
Minn tt St Louis 27
M StP A Sit Ste M. 300 01% 61% 61%
M EtP&SltSt M pfd 115
Missouri Pacific ... 1.400 89% 89 . 89«
Mo Kan A Texas.. 1,000 15% 15 15% j
Mo Kan * Tex pfd 1,600 S3% 32% 33
NtRRofMexpfd 35%
Nnv York Stock Market.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bilU is 1 Ifl-16«f2 per cent and for three
months' bills 1%{Z2 per cent.
Cons money. ...90 5-lClN Y Central.... 1I7»:
Do account 90%! Nor & Western... «.'.%
Anaconda 3% I ¦ Do pfd po
Atrhlcon 70%|Ont & Western... 22%
Do pfd 04%| Pennsylvania 5SU
Bal.& Ohio 7ft%IRand Mines ..... irt%
Can Pacific 120H|ReadlnK 2°H
Ches & Ohio 30% I Do in pfd sou
Chi Great West.. 15 Do 2rt pfd 31 u
Chi. Mil & St P..14.1Utso Railway 20K
Ue Beer* 19%| Do pM 8.'.
Den A Rio G.... 20t4ls 0 Pacific 4rtv.
Do pfd .../ r.K*i Union Pacific SB
-Erie 21 » i I Do rfrt O.tU
Do 1st pfd 57% I U S Steel 91?
Do 2d Pfd 34UI Do pfd 54114
111 Central 183 IWabarh jjj
Loul* & N'anh 110) Do t>fd "ji
M . K ft Trxa»..< 16%lSpanr?h 4s $4^
Bar *llver— Bteady. 25-1id per ounce.
Money— 2^2% per cent.- - .
London Closing Stocks.
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money — |U S Steel s«
Call loans l%S2i Do pfd 53 lZ
Time loans 1%&!' Westing Common. 70
Bonds — I Mining —
Atchlson 4s 100% Adventure \v.
Do adj 4s 90% Ailouex 5 *
Mex Cent 4s 68% Amal Copper .... 40 W
Railroads — Amer Zinc n%
Atchlson — Atlantic 7
Do pfd 91% ningham 10%
Boston & Albany. 243 Calumet & Hecla 452
Boston & Ma!ne:107%|Ontrnn!al 19
Boston Elev 140% Copper Range ... 4P1
Fltchburg pfd 134 Daly We»t ....... 24
Mex Central 6-14 Dom Coal ..." 59
N Y. N H & H..186 Franklin 7
Pere Marquette... 76% Graney ••%
Union Pacific... 82% Isle Royal* .' e
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining .... 314
Amer Arge Chem. 14 Michigan 4
Do pfd ' 73 Mohawk 39
Amer Pneu Tube. 4hi Mont Coal A Coke 314
Amer Sugar 120% Old Dominion ... 12U
Do pfd 126 (Osceola 50
Amer Tel & Tel. 124% I Parrot 21
Amer Woolen ... I0U Qulncy so
Do pfd ¦ 74%|Shannon 51'
Dom Iron* S... 8 (Tamarack m
Ed Eloct Ilium., .2.15 Trinity ;;m
Gen Electric 155 United Copper .' Jtt»2
M*mi Electric 13 U S Mining .. inu
Do pfd 72 V 8 Oil 0%
Mas* Gns 40 Utah «3>*
United Fruit ....110 Victoria 2
Un Shoe Mach... 43% Wlnona K.... r.U
Do pfd 20 I Wolverine 7f>
CHICAGO. June 1.— Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour steady; No. 2 spring wheat.
»2t}05c; No » 85©95c: No. 2 red. $1 O4$l 03;
No. 2 corn 50c: No. 2 yellow. 50%ft51c: No.
2 oats, 41%©42c; No. 2 White. 43%c: No. 3
white 4iy«fi43c; No. 2 rye. "3c; good feeding
barley. 3S©41c; fair to choice malting. 454?
r.6c; No 1 flaxsecd. $1; No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 06%; prime timothy feed. $3 05: mess pork,
per bbl $11 45©11 60: lard, per 100 lbs. *6 45
00 47%; short rlb« sides (loose). $0 5O4T6 75;
Khort clear sides (boxed). $0 60«J8 75; whisky,
basis of hUh wines. $1 28; clover, contract
Articles — '-*;?'' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels. 33.800 45.9C0
Wheat bushels 21.S0O 62.600
Corn, bushels 704.200 332.C0O
Oats bushels 22.1.400 243.300
Rye bushels <•"«> 23.000
Barley, tosheto.' «8.5»J ; 10.000
Cash Grain and* Provisions.
NEW TORK. June 1. — Money on call, easy,
1*461% per cent: closing bid, 1: offered.. 1 Vi.
Time loans, very easy; sixty days. 2 per cent:
ninety days. 2**^3: *lx months, 3H@:i%.
Prime mercantile paper. S*4@ty» per cent.
Sterling exchange firm, cloving steady, wltn
actual business in bankers' bills at $4.8735 for
demand and at $4.S545 for rlxty days. Ported
ratec. $4 «U4 &S. Commercial bills, $4 83%
64 S5V4- Bar silver, BSc. Mexican dollars,
44 %c Government bonds, strong; railroad
bonds, lrrerular.
New York Money Market.
RAISINS— F. o. b. prices Fresno for 1903
crop {subject to change without notice) are as
follows: 60- lb boxes — Loose Muscatel, 4-crown,
4c per lb; S-crown. 4%c: 2-crown. 4c: Malaga,
loose 3-crown. 4c; 2-crown. 3%c: Thompson's
seedless.' 4c; seedless Sultanas. 3%c: Seedless
Muscatels. 3%c: do floated. 3%c: Seeded Rals
lna, I6-01 cartons, fancy. 5%c; choice. 5Hc:
12-oz cartons, fancy. 4%c; choice. 4%c; in
bulk, fancy 5>4c; choice. 6c; Imperial clus
ters $3: Dehesa. $2 50; fancy, $2: London
Layers. 3-erown, $1 33; 2-crown. $1 23.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13%<8Hc:
No 2. ll%«12c; No. 1 hardshell/ 13©13%c;
No 2. lieil%c; Almond.v U%c for Nonpa
reils 11 %c for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 'OUc for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6«7c for
Eastern: Pecans, ll©13c: Cocoanuts, $? 5035.
HONEY— Comb. ll'iei2Hc for white and
lOSfllc for amber; water white extracted 59
6c; Hsht amber extracted. 4%$5c; dark.
3V.©4c. ,
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
FRUITS^ — Apricots. 8010c for Royals and
9&12c for Moorparks: Evaporated Apples, 4%f)
6c; sun-dried. 3@4%c: -Peaches. 70Sc;
Pears. 8%Q12c; Figs, white. 2%$3c In boxes;
black. 4i,e; Plums pitted. .Vfi-.^jc per lb.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2@2%c for the four
sizes. ..
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins',Honey.
Stocks of Bran in regular warehouse and on
wharf June 1 were 20O tons, against 170 tons
May 1. The receipts in May were 1438 tons.
There is no further change In Feedstuffs,
which are quoted firm, with small stocks.
Hay is weak, with a^ downward tendency,
though prices show little change. Three cars
of new Volunteer Wild Oat came In yesterday
and void at $8. The whole line was very bright.,
fresh and well-cured Hay.
The weekly circular of Somers & Co. says:
"Hay shipments continue quite plentiful,
with a total for the week ending yesterday ef
24<ii.i tons;. this Is 200 tons more than the report
shows for last week; in all this quantity not a
single bale of new Hay can t* reported. It
has become generally known that the market is
not quite ready for the new crop as yet and
the farmers are holding back for a more ad
vantageous-seasori. The situation Is not at
all satisfactory, for trade continues very dull,
and It Is generally believed that our regular
summer rush will be somewhat late this sea
eon. Old. Hay has declined to what Is now a
very reasonable range, and, as every one Is
well utocked up. there seems to be no particu
lar need of the new Hay.
"Crop reports are somewhat conflicting, but
as a general statement we can say that to tho
south of us the crop Is lighter than last year,
especially In the extreme southern portion of
the State; In the territory to the east of San
Francisco a very fair yield is reported, while
In the northern districts, throughout Solano.
Yolo. Napa and Sonoma counties, the yield i»
much heavier than last season. Taken as a
whole. It would seem that In the country con
tributary to San Francisco the crop will be
somewhat heavier than last year.
"To summarize, we would say as being our
idea of the situation that this summer's de
mand will not be as heavy as that noted last
year and. although we anticipate no extremely
low prices, yet we believe the market will
range considerably below the figures noted
throughout last harvest season.
"Gilt-edged wheat Hay is somewhat scarce
on our market and meets with ready sale;
other Kradcs an? In plentiful supply and work
off rather slowly."
BRAN— $21(322 rer ton.
MIDDLINGS — $27 5(1929 50 per ton.
SHORTS— $21®22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23ft23 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $29«0-$3l;
lobbing. $32: Cocoanut Cake. $22@23; Corn
Meal «32fr3.1: Cracked Corn, $32 60*g!33 60;
Mixed Feed, $22®23: Horse Beans. $30@40 per
ton: Droom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $10'8 | 15: Wheat ami Oat. $lt®
13 50- Oat. $W12; Wild Oat $7(910; Bar
loy and Oat, $7*U1; Stock. $7$S; Alfalfa. $7©
10 STBAW-60«80c per bale.
Hay and Fecdstuffs.
Sales on the Stock and Bond Exchange la
May were as follows:
IPrlce Dur-
No. ' |ing Month.
BONDS. Shares! — ,
Sold. iLow.|irigh
V. 8. Government 2.0fX>|108 106%
Bay Counties Power Co.:.. 8, 000i ...... 101 .
Cal. Gas & Elec. gen. m&ct 40,000| Sl\4 82%
Ferries & Cliff House Ry... 4.000.114% 115
Hawllan Com' I & Sugar Co. 13.0) K)| 97 98 -
Los Angeles Ry. Co 42.00oilll% 111%,
L. A. P. R. 1st con. mtge.. 2.000 101 i*
Market-ait. Ry. 1st con. mtge 6,000 !U4
Northern Ry. Co. Cal.... 23,000 I06%:i07%,
North Shore R. R..: 3.000 W^a
Oakland Gas. Light & Heat 2,000 [107 •
Oakland Transit Co 22.000 113% 1118 Vi
Oakland Transit Co 6.0001 |111
Oakland Transit Cons 1.000|.......|101«4
Pacific Electric Ry. Co 97.fl©0U04% 103
Sacramento E.. G. & Ry 23.000t...... 97%
S. F. A. S. J. Valley 47.000] 116 416%
Sierra Ry. cf Cal. l.OOOf 110
S. P R. R. of A. (1900) 13.000(108 108%
S. P. R. R. Of A. (1910).... 5,0tlO|lCS%|lO9Va *
S. P. R. R. of Cal. (series A) 7,©00il01% 101 T, .
S. P. R. R. of Cal. (series B) 2.C0Of 102%
S. P. R. R. of Cal 29.0O0| 1O4*»
S. P R. R. of Cal. (stmpd) S3.<X)O i 107% 109
S. P' B. Ry. of Ca1 7.0OOI132 133
S. V. Water. 2d mtge 88.0OOI 03 9U%
S. V. Water, 3d mtge 5.0001 10O -
Stockton Gas & Elec. Co.. 10,000 93
Water Stocks — •
Contra Costa ; 83 37 • 37% .
Spring Valley Water Co.../ 1,946 37% 'Si
Gas and Electric Stocks —
Central Light & Power Co.. 100 3
Mutual Electric Light Co... 325 H% 12%
Pacific Lighting Co 12 67
S. F.. Gas and Electric Co. . 1,402 60% 62&
Bank Stocks —
Anglo-Californlan. (Ltd)..... 10 85
Bank of California 11 ...... 427% .
San Francisco National 23 153.
Powder Stocks —
Giant Consolidated Co 305 591s 61%
Sugar Stocks — if.
Hawllan. Com'l. and Sugar. 1.011 49 50
Honokaa Sugar Co 225 11% 12%
Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation 1,213 8% »•!»
Makawell Sugar Co 395 20% 21%
Onomea Sugar Co : 50 23
Paauhau Sugar Plantation.. 880 13% 14%
Miscellaneous Stocks — . ¦
Alaska Packers' Assn 205 W8% 14O%
Cal Wine A*sn 245 »1V» Ol^
Oceanic Steamship Co 250 4%
Pacific Coast Borax Co 100| |*87
BONDS AND STOCKS.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 60®
4 90, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 r.0©4 SO;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 85@4 25
per bbl.
JULLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 60 per 100 lbs:
Rye Flour. $3 50: Rye Meal. $:; 25; Rice Flour.
$7: Corn Meal, $3 50; extra cream do. $4 25;
Oat GroatB. $4 50; Hominy, $4@4 25; Buck
wheat Flour, $4 6l)@4 75; Cracked Wheat, $4;
Farina, $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour, $3 75;
Rolled Oats, bblr. $7 25j£S 60; in sacks, $6 75®
8 10; Pearl Barley, $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
3! 3 g s •?
Sl Kl 3 S H
33(33 I & f:
STATIONS. gcgfo 3 » 3
2 3 3 1 I?
1 °" • '.
Cloverdale 72 47 8 Cloudy .00
Colusa 72 63 Cloudy .00
Eureka 58 48 8 Rain .28
Fresno 84 50 NW Clear .00
Holllster 77 47 Clear .00
Independence 82 62 N Pt.Cldy .00
Llvermore '74 50 [ 00
Los Angeles 76 86 S Cloudy .00
Merced 82 44 00
Napa 71 47 BW Cloudy .00
Newman S3 60 ....' 00
Palermo 74 45 Clear T.
Portervllle 80 50 NW Clear .00
Red Bluff 70 52 SE Cloudy T.
Rivereide 78 51 Clear .00
Sacramento 70 50 S Cloudy T.
San Diego CS 60 W Cloudy .00
Pan Kranclseo 64 r»4 W Cloudy .00
Son Jose 74 50 00
San Luis OblEpo 6S 50 W Pt.Cldy .00
S*nta Maria 71 50 .... Clear .00
Santa. Rosa 71 42 Cloudy .00
Stockton "3 60 Clouoy .00
Willows 76 54 S Cloudy .00
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Napa — Cutting hay; light crop.
Merced — Grain and fruit profpects good.
Hulimer — Hay crop not so large as last
year.
Stockton— Grain doing well: fruit crop good.
Riverside — Fruit and vegetables generally
backward, but promise fair crop.
Palermo — Uay being cut and secured: me
dium cri'i'-'
Colura — Cool weather benefiting late grain:
fruit doing well: grain and fruit about half
crop.
Livertnore — Haying; cutting nearly Sniehed;
quality coix).
Newman — Grain ripening; barley to cut.
Santa Maria— Barley and oats average;
wheat average light: cugar beets excellent;
beans Jurt un.
Pan Jom — Grain fair; rrult good, ripening
good.
Santa Roca — Cool, cloudy; general fruit crop
not heavy, but excellent quality; haying well
along, eood croo.
Willows — Haying about finished; crop ex
cellent.
¦portervllle — Orange crCP fettlng well; very
little ;rain. , . " '
Cloverdale — Threatening:' rain will damage
hay. A. G. McADIE Section Director.
.EASTERN MARKETS.
Yesterday was an extremely dull day. Sale*
on the Bund Exchange were tevr and small,
and beyond a slight Improvement tn Ha
waiian Commercial at * W T.VU.'U there were
no changes worthy of note. The oil and min
ing- shares were equally quiet. • . -
The Andes Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 10c.
Ex-coupon yestvrday: Northern California
Railway Os (1929), regular semi-annual,
amounting to $20,850; Ncrthern California
Power Company 5a (11)32). regular seml-an
nual. amounting to $1O.£25: Spring Valley
Water Company 4s (19Ort). third mortKag?. reg
ular quarterly, amounting to $40,000: Pacific
Gas Improvement 4s. quarterly. $47,600.
Ex-dlvldend yesterday: Twenty-eight, 10c,
$60CO; Peerless. 14c. $14,000; Oil City Petro
leum, half a cent.. $2500; West Shore. 5c,
$5000.
The Onom»a Sugar Company will flay a,'
monthly dividend of 20c per share, June 6.
The California Wine Association has declared
a regular monthly dividend o*f 60c per share,
payable June 10.
All Stocks Very Dull, With No
Marked Changes.
CHICAGO, June 1.— From the start wheat
exhibited strength. At the opening the strength
was due chiefly to reports of additional rains
In Kansas and other sections of the Southwest,
the fear being quite general that the growing
crop Is receiving too much moisture. Initial
sales on July were %c lower to %c higher at
83l«c to 85%c. An official forecast of more
rairt In the Southwest intensified the general
desire to buy wheat. As a result the market
received excellent support. Decided strength
In corn was a further aid In creating the
urgent demand that characterized trading.
News from the Northwest was bullish, ad
vices from Minneapolis stating that the flour
situation was greatly improved. The claim
was made that mills there are In better shape
now than they have been in a long time,
owing, partly, to concessions In freight rates
granted by the railroads, thus facilitating ship
ments to the Ea«. The demand for flour was
also reported more active. During the latter
part of the session a decreaso of 2.50O.O0O bush
els in the world's visible a* shown Ty Brad
etreet's Imparted fresh zest, to the buying
movement. Shorts covered freely and there
was a good demand from Southwestern houses.
The market closed with prices almost at the
top notch. After selling up to 87%c July
closed 1%®1%c up at 87#S7%c.
Roports of poor germination of the newly
planted crop in addition to an extremely bull
ish Government crop report caused a bread
corn market. This market! closed at the high
point of the day, July l%c higher at 49%c.
Oats were strong In sympathy with other
grains. July closed at 39%639%c, a gain
of %c. ' '
Provisions were weak, owing to selling by
those who desired to Uk» profits resulting from
yesterday's advance. These offerings met with
an Indifferent demand. Increased 'receipts of
hogs generally restricting the desire to buy. At
the close July pork was down 15@17%c, lard
and ribs each off 7%c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No 2 —
July (old) 86% 88% 80% 88%
July (new) .... 83% 87% 85V'» 87%
Sept. (old) 82 U 8.:% 82% 83%
Sept. (new) .... 80% 81% 80% 81%
Corn No. 2 —
June 4S% 4«% 48%. 4S%
July r— • 48- ¦ '-41»% - 47% '•—¦40%
September ..... 47% 48% 47V* 48%
Oats No. 2 —
June 41 41»i 41 41%
July SS% 30% 88% f 39%
September 30% 31% 80% 31%
Mai Pork, per bbl —
July T.ll 60 11 65 11 80 11 57%
September 11 82% 11 60 11 75 11 80
Lard, per 100 lbs —
July 6 67% 6 60 6 32% 6 82%
September 6 75 6 77% 6 70 6 70
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
July fl 70 6 73 6 65 6 67%
September « 90 0 90 « SO 6 85
Future Grain and Proz'isions.
Chicago Board of Trade.
STOCK MAKKET.
LVMBER TRADE IN MAY.
FIGS 1 - $1 2501 60 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. *2#3 for
fancy, $1 75©2 50 for choice and $101 35 for
standard: Seedlings. $U?1 25; Valencias, $29
2 75: Mediterranean Sweets, $1 5<K?1 73; Tan
gerines $1 25: Lemons, $2 5OQ2 75 for fancy,
$1 COt&i 75 for choice and $161 25 for stand
ard: Grape Fruit, $1 5002 for seedless and $1©
1 50 for ordinary: Mexican Limes. $"«35 50 per
case: Bananas. $2@3 per bunch for Central
American and $162 for Hawaiian; Pineapples,
$2@3 per dozen.
Berries and deciduous fruits continued to
arrive freely and prices of the leading varieties
were well maintained under a steady demand
for local consumption and a fair Inquiry for
shipping. The quotations for Longworth Straw,
benlei represent the prices obtained for choice
offerings. A small portion of the receipts con
tinued to show the effects of the recent hot
weather in the Interior, being more or less
sunburnt, and such stock was cleaned up at
$3ff4 per chest. Surplus lcta of the Mallnda
variety were bought at the minimum quota
tion by the canners, who were also in th«
market for Gooseberries at the Inside rate.
Blackberries, Raspberries and Loganberries
were offering freely and the latter were very
dull. Currants were easier and new Green
Apples met with very slow sale.
The market was heavily supplied with Cher
ries, and. although trade was quite active,
prices of packed stock were easier, and as
usual there was a heavy surplus unsold at th*
close. Good shipping stock was In demand and
would have commanded a premium had there
been any available. Loose stock was held
steady by the canners, who were paying 2%«9
3%c per pound for common Whit* and 5c for
Royal Anne. - Cantaloupes from Coachella. sold
at $3<jS3 50 per crate of 10 melons. Apricots
and Figs were In good request at about pre
vious prices. Dtsplte the Increased competi
tion of " deciduous fruits there was a good de
mand for sound Navel Oranges and such stock
did better both in the auction rooms and in the
opon market, but poor stock, which constituted
the bulk of the supplies, sold very slowly. Six
can were sold at auction, fancy selling at $-'4'
2 SO as to size, choice at $1 50$ 2 35 and stand
ard at 75c#*l 25.
STRAWBERRIES— $5(S8 per chest for Long
worths and $2&3 50 for the larger varieties.
LOGANBERRIE3— $3 60©5 per chest and
$1 per crate.
BLACKBERRIES— $435 per chest and $1
per crate.
RASPBERRIES— $13 1 25 per crate.
GOOSEBERRIES — lQ2c per lb for common
and 6@Sc for English.
CURRANTS — 35(B5Oc per drawer.
CHERRIES— Black. 35<J50c per drawer and
3#6c per lb in bulk; White. 25<fS0c per drawer
and 2%(?4c per lb in bulk; Royal Anne. 60&
65c per drawer and 5@6c per lb In bulk.
APRICOTS— $1 23©1 50 per box or crate.
APPLES— $1 6062 25 per box for old crop
and 2.V65OC for new green.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
NEW YORK, June 1. — Special cable and
telegraphic cotnmunlratlons received by Brad
street's show the following changes In avail
able supplies an compared with, last account:
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies decrease, 4.034,000 bushels; afloat
for and In Europe, decrease. 000,000 bushels.
Total Bupcly. decrease, 6.534.000 bushels.
Corn United States and Canada, east of the
ilocklcs, decrease. 054.000 bushels.
Oats— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease. 611.000 bushels.
Available Grain Supply.
Sllvef^and Exchange remain unchanged. j
V The Doric took out a treasure list of $200,
694, consisting of $11,260 in Mexican dollars.
$725 in gold dust and $120,700 in silver bullion
for Hongkong and $138,000 in Mexican dollars
for Kobe.
Sterling Exchange, sixty- days.. — $* &5%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 488%
New York Exchange, sight — 07% ,
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver - per ounce — 55
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45 @ —
Wheat, and Other Grains. \
WHEAT— The Liverpool market- was de
pressed, | with buyer* Indifferent. The French '
markets were easy. Foreign crop reports were '
favorable, except In Southeastern Europe, and i
In Spain, where the need of rain Is reported In i
many districts. ¦- • . ¦
Chicago advanced l%c and reported cash
business dull everywhere, with no export de
mand. -Minneapolis reported the mills in bet- ¦
ter shape^ than for a long time. More are ¦
running and the whole milling force. is expected .
to be in operation by Saturday night, as freight
rates nre better than heretofore and there Is j
some Improvement In the demand. ;
In this market futures were higher In sym
pathy with Chicago, but the cash grain was :
unchanged. j
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 25fll 32%: California I
White Australian, $1 52%@1 57%; Northern '
Club. $1 S0&1 40; Northern Bluestem. $1 5U
@1 65 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:80 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December'... $1 31% $131% $1 31 Vi $131%
May— No sale?. $1 33% bid. .
2 p. in. Session.
December— $1 31%bld, $1 31% asked. I
BARLEY— Futures were firmer, but the cash
grain was weaker, as receipts have been free
of late and offerings are larger. Several large
lines wen offered at $1 05 and' $1 03%, and
there were some sales at $1 C5, which was ap- :
parently the best price obtainable.
Stocks In regular warehouse and on wharf
Junn 1 were 11,121 tons, against 15.50S May 1. :
The receipts In May were 13.UC2 tons. j
CASH BARLEY. i
Feed. $1 03%&l 00; Brewlnff. $1 07%@l 10; ;
Chevalier. $1 10#l 15 for fair to choice.
FUTURES. I
Session 9 to 11:30 a. ro. |
December — No sales, 00%c bid, 9674c asked. ;
2 p. m. Session. ¦
Open. High. Low. Close, j
December ... 97 1)7 00% 96%
OATS — The market continues quiet and un
changed. White are very scarce and wanted,
as frequently mentioned of late, and the quo
tatlons are largely nominal. - -
Stocks in . regular warehouse and on wharf
June 1 were 1820 tons, against 2257 tons May 1. .
The receipts In May were 1541 tons. - j
White, si «!%«U 52%: Uiabk. $1 22%@
1 27%: Red, $1 27%irl 35; Gray, nominal.
CORN — Previous prices rule, with a very
firmly held market. '• . -.
Stocks In regular warehouse and on wharf '
June 1 were 20l> tens, against 253 tons May 1.
¦ The receipts in May were «4l tons.
i Western sacked, $1 50@l 50 for Yellow,
i $1 47%'61 52% for White and $1 45© 1 60 for
Mixed; California large Yellow. $1 65(S.l CO:
small round do. $155^1 60: White, $1 55®
1 60 per ctl: Egyptian. $1 40@l 50 for White
an.1 $1 27%@1 30 for Brown. |
UYE— $1 30&1 32% per ctl. j
j BUCKWHEAT— $1 7S©2 per ctl. i
Nczv York Stocks about as before. Cotton Imver.
Business on the local stock exchanges extremely dull. •
Silver and Exchange as previously quoted.
Shipment of $290,694 in Specie to China and Japan.
Wheat and Barley Futures firm. Cash Barley lozvcr>
Oats quiet and well held. Corn.very firm.
Additional receipts of new crop Hay. Feedstuff s still firm.
Beans and Seeds unchanged and inactive.
Potatoes continue to decline. Onions and Vegetables steady.
Poultry and Game in moderate receipt and steady.
Fruit inarktl well supplied with seasonal varieties.
• Butter, Cheese and Eggs still in ample supply.
Prm-isions continue dull, ivith liberal stocks.
Veal lower and arriving in large quantities.
Lumber in liberal supply and quieter.
NEW YORK. June 1. — The London tin mar
ket .was steadier at an advance or 2s Cd ¦ to
£120 2a 0d for spot-- and -at £121 , 15s for
futures ¦ Locally however, tin 'continued easy
owing to the light demand and closed at »2« 80
©27 20. • • '¦ - ; -"•¦¦ ¦¦•-
Copper also did a little better in London,
closing at an advance of 5s to £50 3s 6J for
both spot And futures. The New York market
for copper was quiet and unchanged. Lake,
$13ftl3 12%: electrolytic. (12 75a 13; casting,
$ia 50012 75. .
The New York Metal Exchange reports ex
ports of copper for the month of May as
14,377 tons. For the five months, 897,370
against 65,231 tons for the same period last
year. ¦ . ••?•¦'&£;*
Lead was quiet and silently lower In New
York closing at $4 35ffl4 40. The London lead
market was unchanged at £11 8s Od.
Spelter was quiet and unchanged locally,
buf in London It declined 6s to £26.
Piglron closed at 61» Od In Glasgow and
at 43s 4%d In Mtddletboro. Locally Iron Is
unchanged. No. 1 foundry, northern. $14 75®
IS 25; No 2 northern. »14 75; No. 1 foundry,
southern, and do soft. $13 5O®13 75. Piglron
warrants are nominal at $0 25.
Nezv York Metal Market.
N Y Central 200 114 114 113%
Norfolk A Western. £00 51M 53% 53%
Norfolk A West pfd : 05 .
Ontario & Western. 3.200 22 .21% 21%
Pennsylvania 4.100 113% 113Vi 113&
Pitts C C A 8t L 65
Reading 7,700 44ft *S\i 43*4,
Reading 1st pfd ! 77
Reading 2d pfd ... 100 62H 62%- «l
Rock Island Co ... 2.000 20*i 20% 20v;
Rock Inland Co pfd 500 63% 034 03ty
St L &. S F 2d pfd. 800 44H= 43^ 43H
Bt Louis S W $00 10 OH 10
St Louis S W pfd. 4,600 . 27% 25% 27>4
Southern Pacific .. l,00t> 43H 43Vi 45%
Southern Railway.. 300 20 lOTfc 19%
Southern Ry pfd..- 200 81 83 82>4
Texas A Pacific ... 200 20V4 20&' 20^
Tol St L & West.. 100 22 22 21%
Tol St L & W prd. 700 80% 8d 80
Union Pacific 4,300 83% S2% 83%
Union Pacific pfd .... .... 01'
Wabash 100 15H 18*4 «%
Wabash pfd 700 83V» 32% 33
W & Lake Erie ... 100 15 15 14
Wisconsin Central 16V4
Wisconsin Cent pfd 37 %
Mexican Central... 200 7Vi 7% 7%
Exproa companies—
Adams 225
American 1715
United States 102
Wclls-Fargo 200
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 20.900 40% 49 4DU
Am Car &. Fdry- . . 300 16% 10% U>%
Am Car & F pfd.. 100 70 70 60>,i
Am Cotton OH .... 27
Am Cotton Oil pfd 86»$
Am lee 100 0% «% 6%
Am Ice pfd 20%
Am Linseed Oil .... 7
Am Unseed Oil pfd 100 22tf 22% 22
Am Locomotive.... 300 18% 18% 1SH
Am Locomotive pfd 80%
Am Smelt & Rfg.. 10.30O 63% 53% 63%
Am Sm-lt & R pfd 3.800 97U »6% 96H
Am Surar Rfg 7.000 137% 125% 120%
Anaconda Min Co . ••• 70
Brooklyn R T 11,400 46% 40% 40%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 100 29 ' 29 2S%
Consolidated Gas.. 3.400 204 202% 203%
Corn Products...'.. 1014
Com Products pfd 06%
Distiller* 1 Secur... ' 20%
General Electric 155
Inter Paper \ 10
Inter Paoer pfd .... CO •
Inter Pump., 300 30% 38 33
Inter Pump pfd 70
National Lead 100 19 19 19%
North American ....' .... 81
Pacific Mnll 100 23% 25% 25%
People's Gas 300 65 i)5 95
Pressed Steel Car 24%
Pressed S C pfd «7
Pullman Pal Car 210
Republic Steel 500 6% 6% ¦ C%
Republic Stfel pfd 37% !
Rubber Goods 14%
Rubber Goods pfd. 200 77% 77% 77
Tenn Coal & Iron 83
U S Leather 0%
U S Leather pfd 70»i
U S Realty 3,100 «% 6% 6% '
U S Realty pfd... 80O 60% 60% 6!»% i
U 8 Rubber 13% i
U S Rubber pfd... .' 65
U S Steel 1.600 9 8% 9
U S Steel pfd 12.400 53% 63 63%
Wt-stlnghouse Elec 153%
Western Union.... 100 80 86 86
Total sates 161.300 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. June 1.— No bond transactions
to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common— Bid, 3"; Baked, 3%, Preferred— Bid,
35; asked. 35%.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg.,104% LAN unified 4*. 100%
Do coupon 105 H Man con gold 4s. 103%
- Do 3s reg 103** Mex Cent 4s 64
Do coupon 106 Do 1st inc 12
Do new 4s reg.l32V« Minn &. St L 4s. 96%
Do coupon 132>4 M K & Tex 4*... 08^4
Do old 4s reg. 100 Do 2ds 77
Do coupon..... 107 NR of Mex con 4s. 74
Atch gen 4s 101% NYC gen 3%s..l00
Do adj 4s 91 N J C gen 5s 111
Atlantic C L 4s. 93 Nor Pac 4s t'4%
tfa! & Ohio 4s....l(»l«i| Do 3s 72
Do S%» 05»4jNor & W con 4s. 08%
Central of Ga Ss.107 OSL 4s & partic. 94%
Do 1st Inc 74 Pa conv 3%s 94%
dies & Ohio 4%fl.lO4 Reading gen 4s... 0»%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 79 S L & I M con 6s.H4U
C. B & Q new 4s. 94% S L & S F fg 4s. 81%
CM & SP gn 4M09 St Louis SW 1st*. 90
C & NW con 7s. 127% Seaboard A L 4». 70%
C. R I & Pac 4s. K«i; So Pac 4s' 89%
Do col 6s 79Vt ?o Railway 5s 115%
C.C.C & SL(tn 4s. 9S% Tex & Pac lsts.llOVfc
Chi Term 4s 73% T. St I< 4 W 4s.. 09%
Cons Tobaceo 4s. 39% Union Pacific 4s.. 104%
Colo & So 4s.... MVi Do conv 4s 0CU"
Colo F & I 5s.... 69% U S Steel 2d 5s,. 73%
Den & Rio O 4s. 83% Wabash lsts .....114%
Erie prior lien 4t. &5% Do deb B 67
Do gen 4s 83% W & L Erie 4s... fc)U
F W fe D C lsts. 104 Wls Cent 4b 90
Hock Val 4%s...lO7%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 251 Little Chief 05
Alice 40 Ontario 375
Breece 10 Onhlr 3 CO
Bruns Con 12 Phoentx ]2
Com Tunnel Ott Potoel jj
Con Cal A Va... 1 50 Savage »j
Horn Silver 1 83 Sierra Nev 45
Iron Silver 1'6C| Small Hopes .... 15
Lead vllle Con ... 021 Standard 2 "0
Everything is running quietly In the same
groove as for a week past and prices show no
marked variation. Most dealers report that
the quality of ranch Kggs Is falling off. and
some are disposed to a»k a cent more for the
finrst, while most of the large handlers are
selling right along at previous quotations. The
present prices please the retailers, for they
enable them to sell at 22H®23c per dozen and
thus dispose of large quantities: but they say
that any advance would cut off this very good
demand. The Egg market, however, is un
questionably In very good condition and Is
shewing signs of cleaning up better, though
some houses are still storing their surplus re
ceipts. Kastern are offering freely and are
competing with the store ! goods, which are
weak In consequence. Quotations for both
ranch and store will probably change very
shortly.
Butter Is quiet and steady, while Cheese
continues depressed and plentiful.
Receipts were 81.800 lbs Butter. 1109 cases
Eggs and C10O lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 18H@19e
for extras and 17H@18c for firsts: dairy. 16©
17Hc; store Butter, IS® 15c; cold storage, nom
inal. -,
CHEESE— 8S8tfc for food to choice new
and 687c for lower grades; Young- Americas,
9©0%c; Eastern, lUMifHc; Western, llgl.c
per lb. .
EGOS — Ranch. 18@19c for fair to choice;
store. 16®17%c; Eastern. 10H&1SC
Bxttter, Cheese and Eggs.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS'.
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — '• The market' is
quiet ' with demand fair. Common." 4@3V4c;
prime. 5%@0%c; choice, <J»4@<>Wc; fancy,
70?%c. . - • -...:.-.¦
PRUNES— Show no change, remaining easy
as to tone at recent prices. Quotations range
from 2$ic to 8%c.
¦PEACHES— Are being well taken in a quiet
way and rulo firm. • Choice. 7@7ttc; extra
choice, 7Vj<ZrSc; fancy. 9%©10c. - •
APRICOTS— Are quoted steady. Choice, 9v4
©10c; extra choice. lOWc: fancy. 11@13C.
centrifugal. OC-test,: 3 15-16c; molasses sugar.
3 3-10c; reilned quiet.
- DRIED FRUITS. •
SUGAR — The "Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb.. In 10©-lb baits:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 3.83c:
Powdered. 5.8Oc: Candy Granulated. S.SOc: Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.70c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.70c; Fruit Oranulated. 5.70c; Beet Granu
lated (100- lb bags only) 5.6tJc: Confeetlonera*
A. 5.70c: Ma?nolla A 5 30c: Extra C. B.2Cc;
Golden C. 5.10c; "D." Be: barrels, lOo more; '
hair barrels. 25c more: boxes. 30c more: 6O-lb
basts 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. «.20c; boxes. 6.45e: H. A E. Crystal
Domino*. 8.70c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy -five, barrels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce. ;
• FOB WEDNESDAY. JUNE 1.
Flour qr sks .. 5,R12'Phorts. sks 100
Wheat, ctls .... 2.240 ThIIow. ctls ... 255
Barley, ctls .... 8.442) Hides. No 6.78H
Oats ctla 1.4:17 Pelts. No 725
Potatoes, slu . . 2.00C! Leather rolls . . Kl
Onions, ska ... 313' Lime. bb!s E."2
Bran, sks 1,055'Paper. reams ... 054
Hay tons eofllWine. gals . 44.175
Hops bales .... «l Chicory, fchla ... ' SO
Wool', bales ... 22* 'Quicksilver. Cks. 133
OREGON.
Flour qr sks .. 1.6«0!Wool. bales ... 3
Oats, ctls 4671
EASTERN.
Flour, qr sks .. l.COol ¦ .
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. JY*9
7%e per lb; White Lead. 7V»37%e, according
to quantity.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, In built.
14c: Pearl OH in cases. 20*ic: Astral. 20Vie;
Star. 20t 5 c; Extra Star. 21Sc; Elaine. 2«%c;
Eocene. 23->4c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, la
bulk. 16c: in cas*s 22Vic; Btenzine, In bulk.
13c; In cases. ini 2 c: 86- degree Gasoline, la
bulk. 23c: In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— Sic per gallon In casts and
75c In drums and iron barrels. *
tain descriptions. 911 43 per 2CCO lbs and $12 SO
per long ton. according to brand.
OILS— Quotations are for barrels; for case*
add 3c: Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor OIL in cases. No, 1. 70c:
Bakers' A A. $1 KX51 12; Lucol 43c fo<- boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut. MKJTOc per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil In barrels. 53c for Ceylon and- 83c
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. 6Sc; natural winter Sperm Oil. 63c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 37c; natural Whal«
Oil. 52c; extra winter strained Lard Oil. 73c;
No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c: pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c;
No 1 Neatsfoot Oil 63c; light Herring OH.
42c: dark HeiTlnsr Oil. 40c: Salmon Oil. 34c:
boiled Fish OH, S7c; raw Fish Oil. 33c; boiled
Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint Oil. 31e.
prices. Game was In light receipt and un
changed.
1'UULTKY- Live Turkeys. loQlfic per lb:
Geece, per pair, $1 60@l 75: Goslings. $1 75<9
2; Ducks. $4@5 , per dozen for old and
$5fai! for young; Hens. $ti@7 ftfr large and
$5@3 60 for small: young Roosters. $7 30<6>
S 50: oid.RoOiters. $4 50#5; Fryers, $5 50-38 50;
Broilers. f.Sftl for large and $2@2 SO for
small; Pigeons. (1 25©1 SO per dozen for old
and SI 5(J©2 tor Squabs.- • . _.
GAMB- Hare. $1 50 per dozen; Rabbits. $1 <5
62 for Cottontails and $1 per dozen for brush.
THE • SAN FRANCISCO .CALL, /THURSDAY, JUNE 2, 1004.
Continued on Page Fonrteea»
No more Western Poultry was put on sale
and ¦ dealer* reported that there was no more
expected tor tome days. Receipts of domestic
stock were moderate and . poor and scrubby
etoek was -Inclined to drag, but large fowl,
particularly young Roosters, and good, heavy
Hens, cleaned' up quickly at, well sustained
Poultry and Game.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15Saloon-Keeper Ryan Convicted.
James J. Ryan, saloon-keeper, 2501
Market street, was convicted by a jury
Some very cwell wedding Invitations come
from Edward S. Knowlea, 24 Second street. •
It took a jury In Judge 1 Kerrigan's
court only five minutes . yesterday to
find a verdict for the defendant in the
case of - William,. Whlttlngtonl against
the United Railroads.; Whittington
sued the company .for ( J10, 000,'; alleg
ing that his 15-year T old- son, while
riding as a passenger; on a car, was
pushed or thrown off by.. the, conduc
tor and that the child died 'from his
injuries. ,"The. evidence,",, j however,
showed that the boy was not a passen
ger, but had been, jumping on and off
cars and that while so engaged he fell
and broke his leg. . Lockjaw followed,
causing his 'death.
United Railroads '.- Wins.
Adolph Ottinger, the well known
ticket broker, who recently disap
peared and forfeited his ball in a con
tempt case growing out of his arrest
for violating an injunction secured
against him. by the Santa Fe Com
pany, reappeared last evening and
was taken into custody by a deputy
sheriff, who locked his prisoner up in
the County Jail. The Santa Fe Com
pany's troubles with Ottinger originat
ed in the company's attempt to pro
hibit Ottinger from handling special
rate tickets during conventions In Cal
ifornia. •
Reappears After Several Months' Ab
~ sencc and Js Promptly Locked
Up by Deputy Sheriff.
BROKER OTTINGER IS
AGAIN UNDER ARREST
It having been called to the atteji
tion of Supervisor Braunhart that his
proposed ordinance fixing mileage
rates -for automobiles would '"greatly
increase the existing charges to pas
sengers, he j has prepared an 'amend
ment' eliminating mileage .rates' and
substituting time rates as follows:
"For a hackney carriage, except rail
road .cars, .drawn ; or -propelled by
steam,, electricity, gasoline ; or motive
power other than horses, for four or
a less number of passengers,^ two and
one-hajf (J2 50) dollars for the first
hour or fractldn thereof, and one ($1)
dollar for each succeeding, half hour
or fraction -' thereof,- the time to be
computed for; going or returning, In
cluding detention. .',. >^ ' .'w/vv
.'"No, extra charge to any- passenger
shall.be made.'for.the ordinary amount
of baggage." ••¦ ¦•¦._• .
to Prevent Exorbitant Prices
. • for Passengers.
**~~ — : ¦ • .
Supervisor Substitutes .Tirtie" Charges
ELIMINATES MILEAGE ,
KATES IN ORDINANCE
Old Ma»n Seriously • Hurt.
Henry Kalthoff. sexton of St.
Markus Church on O'Farrell street,
was seriously injured yesterday at the
crossing of Fourth and Bryant streets
by a wagon driven by George A. Mc-
Call of/Hansen's planing mills. Kal
thoff's right thigh bone, both arms
and right collar bone were broken
and he Was removed to the Emer
gency Hospital. McCall was arrested
and charged wth battery.
The man who is too meek to speak in
meeting gets over it before election.
Latest London and New York styles in
•hats. Tom Dillon & Co., opp.Palace Hotel.*
Finding flaws in the sermon is easier
than following It any day.
Ladies are cordially invited to visit the
new gas range and heating department
of San Francisco Gas and Electric Co.,
415 Post St.. now open for inspection. *
\VI1'1 Give Dance To- Night.
• . . . .
" The Woman's Auxiliary. No.; 18 of
San.' Francisco Typographical Union
Xo. 21 .will give an entertainment this
evennig. to be followed by a dance at
Golden .Gate" Hal.l. The committee of
arrangements consists of. Mrs. Guy
McGreer,- Mrs. George . Barron, Mrs.
L. A. Bickell, Mrs. Charles Van Sandt.
•Mrs. James- P, Olwell. Mrs. Grant
Munsoh and Mrs. J. J. Neeley. H. L.
White will perform the duties of floor
manager. • '
Benjamin F. Bartlett. a miner, 50
years of age and out of employment,
died yesterday morning at the Park
Emergency Hospital , of morphine
poisoning. He had been found uncon
scious in bed at noon on Tuesday at
1710 Waller street And was taken to
the hospital. He h r ad been sick and
dependent upon the charity of his
neighbors for some time. He left a
note stating that he had taken mor
phine with suicidal intent and that
he wished his remains cremated.
Despondent Miner Ends Life.
' Red' Eyes 'and EyelJds, Granulated
•Eyelids and other Eye troubles cured by
M urine Eye Remedy. •
GARNETT TRIAL CONTINUED.— The ca«e
of Alexander B. Garnett. charged with the
murder of Major J. W. McClung. was on
Judge Lawlor's calendar* for trial yesterday
morning. The Interrogatories to be put to
Mrs. Lillian Hitchcock -Colt by the commission
in Paris. France, and the cross-lnterrogatorles
wcr» adopted and the Judge continued the time
for the trial till July 2.
The exhibits of the industrial de
partment, which 'includes drawing,
designing, modeling and wood carv
ing, are particularly fine. • Miss M.
Van Vleck, assisted by Misses R. Mur
dock, M. J. Coan and A. P. Halsey,
has charge of the classes in these arts.
Among the pupils whose exhibits show
more than ordinary merit are Misses
Kenna Johnson, Constance Steele,
Hazel Mills, Hazel Snell, Marlon Tav
enor, Helen Ashton, Dorothy Hawks,
W. T. Beverly, Gertrude McMahon.
Esther McCall, Sophie Czarnecki.
Louise Clawson, Marion Aune, Marion
Nutting, Carnel Ostrom, Laura Saw
yer, Jessica Smitten, Jessica Blumen
thal, Lettie Wilson, Frances Tyler,
Lotha Josselyn and Claudia Seidl. The
exhibits of the three* grades in me
chanical arts, including forging, lathe
¦work and wood turning, .attract much
attention.
The tenth annual exhibition of the
classes In industrial and mechanical
arts of the Polytechnic High School,
at Bush and Stockton streets, com
menced yesterday. The work of the
pupils will remain on display for one
week and the public is invited to in
spect it.
AVork of Pupils in the Various De
partments Reflects Great Credit
on the Institution.
POLYTECHNIC HIGH SCHOOL
OPENS EXCELLENT EXHIBIT
Inspector Jordan reported that the
high fences at the corner of California
and Flllmore streets had not been re
moved and it was agreed to make a
test case of a twenty-foot fence at Mc-
Allister and Larkln streets, which is
.prohibited by ordinance.
Mrs. E. Dunstan complained that a
house was obstructing the; street in
front of her store at 323 Hyde and
asked that it be removed. As the
question of moving houses across
street car tracks is being tested In
court the board decided it could take
no action in view of pending injunc
tion proceedings.
The petition of George Collins for
a permit to place four awnings In the
rear of the premises at 1129 Dupont
street was denied. Inspector Fltz
slmon reported that it was against the
law to erect awnings of inflammable
material in the fire limits.
In the even( that the charter should be held
not to prohibit the closing of Ocean avenue
and that the Board of Works considers It
advisable to recommend the acceptance of the
corporation's proposal to deed the land for the
boulevard in exchange for the closing of Ocean
avenue. I would suggest that the question of
the actual route be referred to this office for
a decision by Its engineers. Here would be
an opportunity to construct a boulevard to
conform to the character of the country to be
traversed and not to follow the rectangular
system that has eo marred the natural beauty
of San Francisco.
City Engineer Woodward filed a re
port showing that jthe cost of the one
hundred-foot boulevard proposed by
the Spring Valley Water Company
from Nineteenth avenue to the Great
highway would be approximately $75,
000. The report says:
Thfere are some architects who think they
can get their surveys made cheaper by em
ploying private surveyors and when a mistake
Is made they think it would be unjust for the
city authorities to have them remedy the mis
take. I think an example should be made in
thlp case by ordering thia front removed from
the sidewalk - or as much of ¦ It aa would be
feasible without injury to the building.
The board ordered the owner of the
building to move it back to the line of
the sidewalk.
City Architect Shea reported to the
Board of Public Works yesterday that
owing to the error of a surveyor named
F. J. Baker the new six-story brick
building, owned by a Mr. Lee, on the
south side of Sutter street, between
Jones and Leavenworth, projects 10%
inches on the sidewalk- The report
says:
'-..A bulky volume containing excerpts
from the. record of the trial was filed
yesterday in the Courity Clerk's . of
fice -by"' Thomas H. Williams, as his
statement oh motion for a new trial
in* the case of Frederick Marriott, pub
lis=h>r of the News Letter, against Wil
liams and, TruxiUn Be'ate. It was ac
'companied by notice that a motion for
a. new trial will be -made to-morrow
before Judge Sloss. • Marriott sued
-Williams "and J3eale for damages for
assault an<j -on September 18 last a
jury gave him a verdict against Wil
liams tor J16.7S8.'
Williams Will Appeal.
Big Structure Encroaches
Ten Inches on Sidewalks
Owing to Surveyor's Error
The rueating apparatus of the lodg
ing-house at 230 Powell street ex
ploded yesterday afternoon and caused
considerable damage to the upper sec
tion of the building. Fortunately no
one -was injured, as the house is un
dergoing renovation and the portion
near the scene of the explosion was
not occupied.
The heating apparatus was located
on the top floor and consisted of a
large water vat over a small coal fur
nace. The draught was not sufficient
to carry off the gases of combustion
and the explosion followed. The roof
over the room was blown off and most
of the windows of the upper portion
shattered. The damage will amount
to about $500. -A flre alarm was
sounded, but "no blaze resulted, the
water from the wrecked tank extin
guishing the burning coal.
Heating Apparatus in a Powell-Street
Lodging-Hoiise Causes Exten
sive Damage.
lurnnV $30.00.0> Manufacturers Sale
' 'TJarons Cloak and Suit House was
'. crowded with", buyers this Week. .Those
910 jackets are selling fa.stat $4.75. The
Soft sample suits are selling at $27.50.
There -<ire about 200 .skirts, actual value
$6 00 that are at $2.80 at BARON'S
•.CLOAK ANLV-SUIT KQL'SE. 762 Market.*
BUILDING MUST
BE MOVED BACK
ACCUMULATION" OF GAS
RESULTS IN AX EXPLOSION
in Judge Dunne's court yesterday of
having betrayed Miss Elizabeth Flor.r
ence O'Callaghan under promise of
marriage. He will .be sentenced Sat
urday.
The Teachers' Club of this city, of
which A. L. Mann is president, will this
evening tender a reception to all city
officials who are in any way connected
with the School Department. The re
ception will .be held in Steinway Hall
and promises to be an enjoyable affair.
The guests of honor will include al
most the entire staff of city officials,
as all are In some way connected with
the School Department. The evening
will be enlivened with choice vocal and
instrumental selections. Among those
who will assist in entertaining are Miss
E. F. Vasconcellos, who will render a
solo. Miss Daisy Cohn, another well
known vocalist, is also on the pro
gramme for a song. Miss Elizabeth
Seal, whose skill as a violinist is ap
preciated by her many friends, has
promised to do her share In entertain
ing, and solos will be rendered by Miss
Viola Van Orden, Mr. Macurda, Mrs.
Fletcher Husband and Mrs. Olivia
Briggs. Miss Olivia Edmuns will be the
accompanist. The programme was ar
ranged by Miss Estelle Carpenter, In
structor, in music in the local public
schools.
Teachers' Club Will
Entertain City
Officials.
MISS DAISY COHN, WHO WILL.
SIXG THIS EVENING AT TEACH
ERS' RECEPTION.
-.Seveial. months ago Mrs. Butler, ac
:• companied by a colored maid, made a
. hurried t;fp to this city from the East
nrid a few da^ys after h£r arrival filed
•«.:#uft for q"iveree against her husband.-
B-utler. who. was then in Arizona, was
• charged with failure to provide. The
:.c«rrp!aint of the wife" set forth that
Fhe Cripi a resident of San Francisco.
• -whifre'itrwas alleged her parents had
long -resided, but -when she was called
• iipon'tn the court to more fully estab
lish heF claim to a' local residence. "Mrs.
Butler .utterly failed and, much to her
' aripar.ent .dismay, her plea for a per
• manent separation .was denied.
'": Jn- disgust . the woman packed her
• trunks at the Palace arid one morning
'¦'hastened, back to the East. This was
the last hrard of- her' until "the news
came yesterday that she had been
• married -In -London, ax Westminster,
•two- weeks ago. Where she- finally se
"cufed-a divorce from Guy Butler Is
. not .linoivh among her acquaintances
••here;. aUJic-uph they believe' that she
obtained a decree in New. York. Tewks
'"•bury if 1 weir known on this side of the
.Atlantic, where he has spent much
time- Ke is said to have met his wife
.•several" years ago -while visiting this
..country. • • . . .
: Private advices received here yester
day from I/ondon contained .the brief
announcement of the marriage there on
Slay. 15 of Lewis Greene Tewksbury.
a well known young Englishman, and
Violet Aubrey Butler,- .an American
Bctiess. whose recent suit for a divorce
la this city proved quite a sensational
.proceeding.. ..'
V The. bride -in London was formerly
ihe :wife o£ Guy T. Butler, at one time
•0.- well" kr.'owri -j'oufjg club" man of New
York- and later identified with mining
in the West and Mexico. ..Their mar
ris.se 'was' celebrated with much pomp
in New Ydrkv but soon proved an un
hAppy union, ending in a separation of
tfce". couple, which was followed by sev
eral .exciting, e.s^apades of the Wife,
mrafaig thefn an itt.rript at suicide in
¦'& Now York hotel.
It Is ba«ed on mathematical calculations
alens: scientific tines, and I feel convinced that
th» flgi'res can be sustained In a court of law.
fio far as the rates are concerned. I do not
feel that there is anything to be said at this
time other thsn that the City Council adopted
th"m In the belief that they are fair to the
company and just to the consumers. The City
Council used Its best endeavors to reach such
a result. I can say that many days and nights
cf arduous effort were exhausted In the work
of preparing this new schedule.
The proper place to reply to this lc In court
and In a leral way. Steps will be taken at
once to Fee that the City Council Is properly
represented in court, and that due resistance
be made to the water company's application.
It :s more th«n likely that a special meeting
of the City Council will be called for Friday
night, that the situation may be canvassed
and a decision as to action be reached.
That the City Council will defend its action
In reducing: the water rate there is no doubt.
Officially I have yet to b; Advized; but. of
course. I know from report that the company
has filed n petition for injunction against the
enforcement of the rates, on the ground that
they are eonflycatory.
The Spring Valley Water Company
and the Contra Costa "Water Company
filed bills of complaint yesterday in the
United States Circuit Court against
the Board of Supervisors of San Fran
cisco and the City Council of Oakland,
respectively, complaining that the
water rates as fixed by those munici
palities are unjust, unreasonable and
oppressive, and asking that the water
ordinances fixing rates for the fiscal
year ending June 30. 1905, be declared
null and void^
Judge Morrow in each case declined
to Issue a restraining order, and set
next Monday at 10 o'clock as the
time for hearing the cases.
The Spring Valley Water Company's
complaint alleges that the rates as
fixed by the ordinance of 1902 have been
cut 7 per cent by the Supervisors; that
the hydrant rate, which should be $5
per month for each hydrant, has been
cut from $2 to $1. and that the ordin
ance does not allow the company suffi
cient by $104,000 on Its taxes. It is com
plained also that the ordinance does not
allow for the taxes on J5.395.233, the as
sessed valuation of the franchise. The
complaint alleges further that the City
Engineer's estimate of the value, of the
plant at $26,173,212 is too small, and that
the actual value exceeds $40,000,000.
Rates which will pay operating ex
penses, taxes, wear and tear and 7 per
cent income on the value of the plant
are asked for.
The Contra Costa Water Company's
complaint asks that the ordinance
passed by the Oakland City Council
last Tuesday be declared void. The
court is asjted to enjoin the City Coun
cil from reducing the general fund of
the city of Oakland for other purposes
than water. It is alleged that the
rates fixed are unreasonable, oppressive
and. confiscatory. The company asks
for a 7 per cent net income.
Service of summonses was begun on
the City Counclimen of Oakland imme
diately after the *order of court was
made and the necessary papers pre
pared. Concerning the action of the
Contra Costa Water Company, George
W. Dornin, president of the City Coun
cil of Oakland, said last night:
The Health Board will also appeal to
the Supervisors to increase its appro
priation, one item of $1000 to improve
the emergency hospitals being consid
ered Imperatively necessary.
During the present fiscal year fifty
five teachers were elected, but It is
claimed that owing to lack of funds
very few;, teachers will be appointed
next year.*.
During the preparation of the report
the members of the board discussed
the advisability of petitioning for the
submission of 3. charter amendment to
a vote; of ,the people providing for
levying a special. tax for the= mainte
nance of "the public schools. While no
definite action was taken, each School
Director expressed himself as strongly
in favor of the proposition.
The Board of Education is of the
opinion that the School. Department
should be placed in the same category
as. the parks and public library In the
making of appropriations. The charter
requires that the Board of Supervisors
shall annually levy a tax of not less
than Hf: nor more than 2% cents on
every 5100 of assessed valuation for the
support of the library and not 'less
than 5 nor more, than 7 cents for the
parks. The. School Directors claim that
a tax of, s"ay, 10 cents should be levied
for the schools In order that the School
Department should not be left to the
mercy of, a hostile Board of Supervls*
ors. This tax would mean an annual
contribution from the city of somn
$465,000 and is not considered high In
view of the fact that the State gives
nearly $1,000,000 to the San Francisco
schools. The Board of is
much wrought over the Including by
the Supervisors in its next appropria
tion of an 'alleged surplus of 5108.000,
which "it claims does not exist, and a
special tax would obviate a recurrence
of. such a condition. It would not be
necessary to go outside the dollar limit
for the purpose, as Is the case for the
parks. ' . ¦
The Board of Education yesterday
completed Its statement showing what
it considers Is an injustice done by the
Board of Supervisors In 'making an in
adequate appropriation for the school
department in ,the municipal | budget
for the next fiscal year. The statement
will be filed with the Mayor to-day and
will be used as a guide by his Honor
In vetoing' specific items of the budget
should he decide so to do.
Thinks Department Should
Be in Same Category as
Park and Public Library
San Francisco Body Says
That Its Plant Is Worth
at Least Forty Millions
AVeddin? . Follows Closely
. Actress' Recent Attempt
¦ to Secure Divorce Here
KECEXT SUIT RECALLED
SAY CUT IS TOO SEVEEE
MAKES PLEA FOR HELP
former Wife of Well-Known
Xtviv York Clubman Marries
•• L. Tewksbirry in London
Spring Valley and' the
Contra Costa Corporation
Complain of Oppression
Board of Education Favors
Submission of a Charter
Amendment to the Voters
VIOLET BUTLER
AGAIN A. BRIDE
WATER RATES
IN THE COURT
URGES SPECIAL
SCHOOL LEVY
PEDAGOGUES
WILL PRESIDE
AT RECEPTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALll. THURSDAY, JUNE 2, 1904.
16
- ADVEBTISEiLENTSL
Especially
Mothers
The Sanative, Antiseptic,
Cleansing, Purifying,
and Beautifying
Properties of
Assisted by CUtlCURA
Ointment, the great
Skin Cure, are of
PricelessValue.
For preserving, purifying, and
beautifying the skin, for cleansing
the scalp of crusts, scales, and
dandruff, and the stopping of fall-
ing hair, for softening, whitening,
and soothing red, rough, and sore
hands, for baby rashes and cha-
f ings, in the form of baths for an-
noying irritations, ulcerations, and
inflammations of women, and
many sanative, antiseptic pur-
poses which- readily suggest them-
selves, as ; well as' for all purposes
of , the toilet, bath, and nursery,
CUTICURA • Soap and CUTI-
CURA Ointment , are; 'priceless.
' Sold throughout the world. Cutkurt Soip. I5o_ Oint-
ment, Me, Rftolrfnt, 50c. (In form of ChoeoUte Co«ted
Pllli, »c. per Ti»l of 60>.- Dy>oti! London,' 27 Ch»rler-
houte Bq. s Ptrli, « Roc de U Palx ; Boaton, 137 Columbui
At*. Potttr Urug k «:ii»m. Corp., Sole Proprlrtori. '
mr Bend f «r ** Uow tattmm, Puf If/, and Beautify ."
hale's. 1- - -*^^*?- S; .-.- -^-- ;_ .
7MM^\ Undermuslins MHfa
,jf§S|| • ; the .Great-- . ¦ HilHffB
June" Sale at Hale's Wi|!W
.felt.. *.-/% — — — — /{WrfMn^s^epsjsc^n'fl
tSk^VY' M Stronger, broader, better, deeper than ever, v^^^-^dy
fSr^/// fh\l\. Hosts and hosts of garments, so dainty, so winsome, so in- "Z^t^^^^L^.
viting. It's a sight that at best comes but twice a year — (^ P^ I'P^T)
jM^M li i^^* January and June. One toward which women look with rj \\ y^' )]}¦ f! ¦
— greater -variety to select from and \^pi f I Ifei/
V^* ~~—'""^ <^/^ ; :: — less to pay than at any other time. XjJlE$\ ' 1 ii'pF-)
¦/O^\] ou don't know how hard we've worked to be able to not l^xy'l [ I Sljv^sJ,
~ J\ f/ '\fui\ disappoint any one. With cotton as high as it has been - , o m ,\ iP,,,!'-!, .j^ .
•S°in \ fl llfjfcP in the last few months it looked as if it was impossible to /-^-^r^—ljOs
/I'll fh l\ prepare a general underprice movement in cotton garments. v 7 '*' " *- J^ 1^— t-W*j/
Lli vj»\S*^' ! determined us more than ever to make the effort.^* " T ~"" >\
/fWL:^^^^^^. We've been successful, not only in getting as low-priced I *> —^-—^_
/^MgrjT^^j|^^^ Corset Covers, Gowns, Drawers and Petticoats as we ever : v 'ft J tt ¦
had, but in getting them better made and with good tasty f 'n\ . M ' /f/*7
v.. "^r" '^*~^ y Success now means more than ordinary success. A Success
f *& "?s*i %r»^\ every one wil1 want to share - • . 3l§iili|lliS^
}j$k MM , ; To-day is the Opening Display. Half the window front v :c '
'W '^^^*"%i / as een use(^' The court iS one mass °^ snowy whiteness ;/£Z — : — _^^rN
then up on the second floor stocks are spread out \n(~/> — l 3^^ njf'l
b jiM Every Item is Unusual. We would like to print all the I*^^iSSk
¦^^^P"^ J scores of them to show you the tremendous scope and econ- /^^S^^^Sj^
p "-^ -- — -S omy of the movement. That's ; out of the question this /^^^^^^^*^C
r \ morning. We pick these few at random to give you anS^^^*^^ ¦ \j
Xx^Zt&Vl ea °* w^ at we are doing and to whet your appetite * n "~"\
j \%M/ [ see the others. ¦ " f .>. .^
\ ll / Gowns 25c. . Corset Covers 8c. Whi' \ pvt
\ . : : ••#"" / Good, soft-flnished muslin (not a Two *tvl«»«t in »n^ ram M,.. >,»».». \5 ! 'J A l " r r
\ \ I / cheap, coarse muslin); the yoke is O r™ S^l^fltttar or f»H \ \*t (I
\\\ '¦ /// SflUa?e ' Wl l h 12 n flne tU ,, Ck8 W CambHC ° r^ pearl i,utton5. ttlnS fU " \^SJLM\
\\\ .{if ruffles at the collar and cuffs. " >=j=p=======r^\ .
7./ v \l Petticoats' &c. Drawers 18c. 4§§UJm£*0'
V I' I v-*^ J Good cambric, with deep lawn Good, soft-flnished muslin; hem- 1 i £2£S^>>~ u '~Z -
S >^ flounce: finished with six hem- stitched, with cambric ruflle and y . ¦
/*Vk p^( *^k\ stitched tucks. five small tucks. Think of such a _
¦ *tt@>*S- '¦ This is only a starter in the finest value at 18c! And it's only one out /^ ~P\ j^ /""**^_ l
' WSS&&21'-' *¦><*£&&& •» line of petticoat values we've of- of maybe a score of others, all as <^ \ & c f y «
\t^^^^0^\'i fered. equally unusual. A V. ~~/ ** 7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mozart's exquisite Sonatas arc
at their best when rendered
upon the f : ;
CfflCKERING
The beautiful tones o! this
Piano satisty music lovers the
world over.
BenjCUJEITAZWon
i6,OFarrcll5aP
Sain Jos e : fllonxda-FreSDo;
ADVZBTISEMEJTTa.
r^ W Mi «3 Ft? vrl I ' ti
39 STOCKTON STREET.
Telephone Main 5522.
Outlnjr and camping parties will flr.d It
grreatly to their advantage to send or bring
us their orders — all'ffooda carefully packed'
and delivered free' within one hundred,
miles. The best of goods at lowest . prices.
Thursday, Friday and Saturday
SPECIALS.
CREAMERY BUTTER, per square 32 Me
Reg. 35c. The celebrated mountain- bat-
ter. Ilon^y Lake. larTM
New Season's TEAS, all 50c grades 35c
COX'S GELA TINE, per package 10c
- . Reg. 12^c
Evaporated Peeled Peaches, per Ib. 12yi c
Choice select fruit. ¦:,--"¦ Reg. 2Oc
GERMAN METTWURST. per Ib 30c
Also known as summer sausage. Reg. 40c
Imported Orange Mar ma fade, per Jar. 20c
.> • Reg. 25c
Crosse & Blackwell's or Smith-well's.
Stryker's Sand Soap, 15 cakes for. .50c
Reg. 5c cake
Imported Macaroni, Spaghetti, Vermicelli
and ABC Paste. 2 pkgs for.. 25c
New shipment. Reg. 13c each
California Cream Cheese, per Ib. .12}4c
Hentz's American Pickles. per bot. ...15c
Chow mixed and gherkins. ; '"'¦' i. '¦'¦-.
FAMILY BOURBON, per bot 60c
Gallon 92 .SO
Reg. 75c and $•"{. ' -Excellent value.
ASTOR RYE. per bot. '...¦ .. 90c
Spring 1S3O. ' . Rfg. $1.23
Port and Sherry.. .per bot 25c. gal Sf.00
Reg. 35c and $1.50. Selected old wines.
CLARET, per gar. '. . ... . . . : 40c-
A good healthful beverage.- Reg:.B0c
Pabst Red. White and Blue Beer—
Per dozen (quarts) J S2.1O
Per dozen (pints) .' .....^t-tS
Reg. S2.35 and $1.55.
Is known the world pv«r. .
I H Special Sales jR 1
I Every Week |
| China .' |
i . Crockery fj
I Glassware / j«j
y Enamel Ware ||
I Household Goods y
E o Watch Our o |
S W Prices Talk.** Hi
I 1 It Pays to Trade I e]
i Great American Importing Tea Co's |
I Stores WTW |
E Kl Market 210 Grant are. 1419 poRc M
M 143 Sixth l:-i;> D«ri!>adero 705 Larlcin <3
H 475 H*<*nt 3006 Sixteenth S55 Hares H
E .r>5 MtMion Ul Montff'y ave. S2 Market H
Bl 200S Filtmor* £M6 Mission 146 Ninth «g
BSC« Third 469 Fourth 2732 >4th ffi
m OTIJI4A T* ¦**» Cured- Caus« r«-
f\ V I fl iVliA moved. Health rwtor»4.
II \J ¦ ¦ ¦•!» |#-<| N{> mort A*thm- or Haj
riiPFn sax ""* ? *~
- ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 1 ll«5^ ~~2f/ — / 7"%* /ij I^^^f CfBL Jg m3 JB ff mm Jpr*y^ £g j
•I |j8ill|/i Fkii'6ii§tur@