OKU BEGINS ASSAULT ON PORT ARTHUR;
KUROPATKIN REPORTS RUSSIAN REVERSE
SATOLLI GIVES
GREETING TO
OLD FRIENDS
. War", News Continued on Page 2.
LEADVILLE,' Colo.. June^ 9.— A
heavy snowstorm began here at 5
o'clock this -morning and at 9 o'clock
there was four inches of snow on the
ground.
Snow Falls In Leadville.
Accused of Stealing Gold Brick.
DETROIT, Mich., June 9.— Edward
Delaney, a bartender. Is under arrest
and the police say that he is suspected
of connection with the theft of a gold
brick valued at $22,000 from the Pacific
Express Company's office in tna Union
Depot in this city a year ago.
dicate a Grave Condition of
Affairs.
PORT AU PRINCE, Haytl. June 9.—
News received here to-day from Santo
l>omingo is to the effect that the sit
uation in that republic is grave. It
appears that the Government troops
have sustained a severe defeat before
Monte Cristl, on the north coast.
Advices From Southern Republic In-
GOVERNMENT FORCES MEET '
DEFEAT IN SANTO DOMINGO
• TOKIO, June' 9. — Admiral' Togo re
ports that oh the night of June 7 he
sent . eight , small torpedo-boats from
the battleships of his squadron to make
a of Port Arthur har
bor. "The boats, went ..far. .Inside the
heads -and were exposed to the Rus
sian fire. One sailor and one petty offi
cer • were killed in • the • operation,, but
the .boats escaped ; undamaged.
Hit by Russian Shells While Making
¦''•¦', a Reconnaissance. ..'
OFFICER AND SAILOR KILLED.
NEW YORK. June 9.— J.N S.
Bearnes, head of the Stock Exchange
firm of J. S. Bearnes & Co.. was to-day
suspended from the privileges of the
exchange for one year. The charge
against Bearnes was that he had car
ried a speculative account ' for an em
ploye of. another member of the Stock
Exchange.
VIOLATES STOCK EXCHANGE
RULES AND IS SUSPENDED
LOUISVILLE, June 9.— "Hold on to
it! Don't drop it!"
This advice was given to' Joe Evans,
who was running away with property
he had stolen. For three blocks Evans
ran with a package of dynamite,
enough to destroy a city block, and be
hind him followed a crowd of men cry
ing to him to stop, but not to drop the
bundle. * * -¦ '
The negro, not knowing what was
said to him. ran the faster. Patrolman
Smoot finally caught hinv while xhls
partner seized the package. Evans had
taken the package, thinking - it was
Jewelry — .
"Don't Drop - It!" the Warning That
,Is Shouted at Fleeing
Negro.
CROWD PURSUES THIEF
:. CARRYING DYNAMITE
3Irs. Benjamin Wood Wants a Return
of the $195,000 Cash She
< Invested.
NEW YORK, June 9.— Mrs. Benjamin
Wood to-day took preliminary steps in
an action to recover $195,0000 cash she
put into worthless bonds of the ship
yard trust, on advice of high financiers.
This suit has been feared above all
others. by the trust promoters.
SUES SHIPYARD TRUST
TO RECOVER HER MONEY
DENVER. Colo.. June 9.— A theatri
cal syndicate was formed in Denver to
day under the name of the United
Vaudeville Association. The deal was
effected by D. J. Grauman of San Fran
cisco and A. J. Morganstein of Los An
geles, who control the ten and twenty
cent vaudeville houses of the Pacific
Coast, and George Ira Adams of Den
ver, who controls the Crystal circuit
between Salt Lake City and Milwaukee.
The new combination proposes to
take in all of the ten and twenty cent
vaudeville houses from the MIssIssIddI
River to the Pacific Coast. There are
already thirty houses in the trust and
it is expected that eighteen more will
be added to the chain.
Syndicate Formed at Denver to Estab
lish and Conduct Cheap Vaude
ville Circuit.
LOW-PRICED SHOW HOUSES
UNDER COMPANY'S CONTROL
Anthony, Mrs. May Wright Sewall,
Mrs. Carrie Chapman Catt. Mrs. Gll
man, Mrs. Harper. Dr. Anna Shaw,
Mrs. Mary Wood Swift and other
American i^aderp of the International
•vn~rcss of Women have been scan
dalized by an attempt of the Palast
Hotel, the aristocratic headquarters of
the American delegation, to charge
them for beer, champagne and wine,
which the women neither drank nor
ordered. The affair came to a climax
to-day when Miss Anthony's bill, con
taining a charge for a couple of cases
of pllsener. alleged to have been deliv
ered to her room, was presented to her.
After a severe remonstrance the bill
was withdrawn.
Sufan B- Anthony Calls Berlin Hotel
I»roprictor to Account for Charg
ing; Her for Brer.
BERLIN. June 9.— Miss Susan B.
BILLS FOR LIQUOR AROUSE
IRE OF AMERICAN WOMEN
SAN BERNARDINO. June 9. — Af
ter keeping out of sight of the po
lice and his distressed wife for a week
H. H. Morean, a prominent orange
grower of Delrosa. was found by his
friends in San Bernardino late to
night. He had left his home with a
large sum of money on his person
and It was thought that he had been
murdered.
Prominent Orange-Grower of Delrosa
Who 3Iysteriously Disappeared a
Week Ago Is Finally Located.
FRIENDS FIND MISSING
3IAN IN SAN BERNARDINO
It Is Reported That a Joint Adminis
tration Will Terminate Row
Over Territory.
RIO DE JANEIRO, June ' 9.— The
questions pending between Brazil and
Peru now seem to be in a fair way to
a peaceful settlement. It is reported
that a Joint administration will be es
tablished in the disputed Acre terri
tory. *iJ
BRAZIL AND PERU IN FAIR
WAY TO SETTLE DISPUTE
A meeting of about 50 representa
tive negroes was held here to-night,
at which it was decided to exert every,
effort to secure the immediate release
of Mrs. H. Ellas.
NEW YORK, June 9.— Mrs. Hanna
Ellas, held on an extortion charge, was
taken before Justice Clarke In the Su
preme Court to-day on hatfeas corpus
proceedings. After hearing arguments.
Justice Clarke ordered that bail be de
creased from $50,000 to $30,000. He also
dismissed the writ of habeas corpus
and remanded the prisoner- to the
Tombs.
Reduces Bail of Colored Woman Held
for Extortion, but Sends Her
Back to Jail.
JUSTICE CLARKE REMANDS
MRS. ELIAS TO CUSTODY
interest in. the retention of the fortress
entirely independent of » its real stra
tegic value. : ¦ ': • ! .
.Special dispatches from Liaoyang re
port Chinese as bringing news that the
Japanese on June 2 attacked Port Ar
thur by land and sea, but were re
pulsed with a loss of 3500 men and
four vessels, which, judging from the
description of them, were torpedo
boats. . This report Is unconfirmed. '
RU3IORED .BATTLE OP FLEETS.
Other, dispatches, give rumors of a
raval (battle between two fleets In the
gulf \ of Pechili > and a definite re
port, of a bombardment in Liaotung
Gulf, near Kalplng, which may fore
shadow-a-landing there- for the pur
•jrose of cutting the railroad back of
the Russian troops operating around
Wafangian.'
j j LT AOYA NG. June 10. — The Russian
force at Siamatsze was commanded by
General Erhoff, who engaged the Jap
anese advance at 9 a. m. on June 7.
The Russian Infantry, advanced steadi
ly, pushing the Japanese from their
position, but the Japanese attack grad
ually developed strength and the Rus
sians, finding themselves in the pres
ence of an overwhelming force, retired
In good/order. Their losses were three
officers and -100 men killed or wounded.
Russian observers say the Japanese loss
was greater. '
Artillerymen who took part In the
fighting at Samsonoff on June 3 say
that the' Japanese artillery was decid
edly poor. .Many shells did not burst
and the shrapnel was badly timed. .;
St. Petersburg is ' displaying more
concern over, the fate ; of ,Port Arthur
than over any event "since the first
naval I reverse.. I In spite of ;the - philo
sophic calm with which the authorities
a month ago said that Port\Arthur
would probably fallor be abandoned in
the course of the campaign. the'Rus
slans find it hard, now, that. the event
has become an imminent possibility, to
assume an < indifferent attitude ,: toward
the garrison now fighting in isolation.
The public is ' showing . a \ sentimental
ST. PETERSBURG, -.'June 9.— Among
the rumors that fill the city, to-night is
one. on better- authority than the aver
age, that General Kuropatkln Is him
eelf moving southward from Liaoyarig.
It is, not possible to authoritatively
confirm the report.
SLAV ADVANCE REPORTED.
TOKIO, June 9.— Port Arthur is ex
pected to fall in less than a week. ,The
attack on the fortress is being, pushed
by the^land forces, supported by the
high-angle fire of Admiral Togo's war
ships. The Ja'panese^vessbls in. front of
the fortress are merely maintaining a
close blockade, except for .occasional
reconnaissances.
Detachments of the fleet that are
doing effective work in connection with
the storming operations are stationed
off both flanks of the besieging army.
They are quite secure against the Rus
sian fire. • Their shells, which cover, a
range of many miles, are said to ex
ercise a terribly demoralizing effect on
tjws Russians.
p No inkling of the proceedings in the
direction of Liaoyang is allowed to be
made public, by the authorities, who
control the cable from Korea. . Their
exceptional reserve In this particular
13 construed as - presaging a general
forward movement" against. Kuropat
kln. The Russian general is apparent
ly determined not only to refrain from
advancing to the relief of Port Arthur,
.but to persist In the shipment of su
perfluous stores northward in prepara
tion for a retreat.
Some of the Mikadoes soldiers believe
that the Russians have already de
layed their retrograde movement until
there Is slim chance of their getting off
without severe loss..
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON. June 9. — Miss Maude
Blanche Marshall, daughter of Mrs.
Emma S. Marshall, and Charles L. San
born of San Francisco, Cal.. were mar
ried this evening at the residence of
the bride's mother in East Boston by
the Rev. George S. Spencer of the Sara
toga M. E. Church, East Boston. Paul
Sanborn. brother of the groom, was
best man and the bridesmaid was Miss
Gertrude Gilmore of Somervllle. Mass.
Miss Maude Blanche Mars-hall Weds
Cliarles L. Sanborn of San
Francisco.
BOSTON GIRL BECOMES
BKIDE <># CALIFORMAN
Tokip Expects Port Arthur to Fall in
Less Than a: Week.
CHICAGO, June 9.— Into the almost
deserted Chicago River yesterday
sailed a forlorn appearing craft, tha
Chili of Buffalo, with a cargo of coal.
On the bridge stood a captain, M. E.
Drake, the owner, who has not sailed a
vessel for thirty years. At the wheel
and In the old cabin were officers,
many of whom likewise were stran
gers to the sailors' life.
Twicv the steamer had gone aground.
ence at the Bois . Blanc Island and
once In Lake Huron. The Incident was
eloquent of the condition of the lake
commerce wrought by the strike ol
the Masters' and Pilots* Association.
Strangers to Sea. In Absence of Mas*
tcrs and Pilot*, Undertake Navi
gators' Tasks.
STRIKE CAUSES QUEER
SIGHT IN CHICAGO RIVER
Discovery of Xevv Evidence Concern
ing Mysterious Crime Results in
Kearrcst of Suspect.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass.. June 9.— Charles
Tucker of Auburndale was indicted by
the Middlesex County Grand Jury on
the charge of murdering Miss Mabel
Page at her home in Weston March 31.
Tucker was not arraigned, but will be
brought into court some time during
the criminal session of court, which
meets next week.
The murder of Miss Pace attracted
wide attention because of the mystery
suVroundlng the case. It was at first
thought she had committed suicide,
but later developments indicated mur
der. Suspicion pointed to Tucker and
he was arrested, but after an investi
gation was released. Later, on new
evidence, he was rearrested and held
for the Grand Jury.
TUCKKR IS INDICTED
. FOR MISS PAGE'S MURDER
SCENE' BEFORE PORT ARTHURDURIN'G ONE OK -ADMIRAL, TOGO 1 S • FUTILE
ATTEMPTS TO RLOCK THE CHANNEL.. AND GENERAL WHO IS LEADING
THE ARMV NOW ATTACKING BY LAND.
Last evening Mrs.' Pyle notified the
Detective Bureau that the man she
married In San Francisco a week ago
had left the hotel and failed to return.
She at first thought that he. had met
with some -accident. She wanted the
aid of the police in locating, him. Her
husband, "she said, represented, himself
as a member of the wealthy Pyle fam
ily of 'New York, who made a fortune
In leather. The day before they were
married, she said, she gave her hus
band $750 to keep for her. After the
marriage they came to Chicago.
Yesterday morning her husband, left
her. saying he Intended to visit a
leather firm in Fifth avenue, the mem
bers of which were friends of his fam
ily. She suspected nothing until he
failed to return. Then, fearing that he
was Injured, she asked the police to
search for him. /
After twenty-four hours of absence
Mrs. Pyle has accepted the theory of
the police that the man married her for
the ready money she had and at the
first opportunity stole away from her,
never to return.
CHICAGO, June 9.— Not the wife of a
millionaire, but the victim of a man
who married her.' to get her^money and
then desert her — this Js the discovery.
Mrs. Frank Pyle, formerly May Davis,
who was married a week ago in San
Francisco, made when she was 'de
serted by her husband yesterday.
When he left the. Sherman House the
man took with hjm $750 which she had
placed in his keeping. He > lef t her
with not enough money to pay : her ho
tel bill and the mortified and stricken
woman Is now at the hotel waiting to
hear from her married sisters, who live
in San Francisco and Sacramento.
Special Dispatch to The Call. \
San Francisco Girl
Left Penniless in
Chicago.
HUSBAND
FLEES WITH
HER MONEY
NEWCASTLE. Colo., June 9. — A
posse of ranchmen and cowboys living
in .the_neighborhood of Garfield, west
of this- place, came upon three' men
supposed to be the Denver and Rio
Grande train robbers who dynamited
the tixpret-u car of a train near Para
chute. <J*^. on Tuesday night, and in
a battlewhich followed one of the
pursued was killed. The other two es
caped into Garfield Canyon, and at last
accounts were surrounded: It is be
lieved that escape is impossible.
Elmer . Chapman, a cowboy, received
a slight flesh wound.
The dead man was brought to this
place to-night and was identified as
one of three men who worked several
days last week on the Denver and Rio
Grande section near Parachute. He
went under the name of J.H.Ross. Pre
vious to working for the railroad he
was employed in a restaurant in this
town. Nothing Is known of his his
tory here. Identification was made by
a Rio Grande pay check found on his
I>erson. The two other men who work
ed with Ross last week gave the names
of John Emmerlinf,' and Charles
Scubbs. They worked along the rail
road track from Thursday until Sat
urday night and all quit together and
left the neighborhood. Their several
days' employment on the road gave
them an excellent opportunity to fa
miliarize themselves with the lay of
the land in the vicinity of Parachute,
It is reported that at least 200 men,
heavily armed, are watching the two
men In Garfield Canyon to-night and
will shoot them down if they attempt
to escape.
McCreery Is a man of wealth, a son
of Andrew McCreery. who made a for
tune in California. His mother was a
noted beauty and one of her sisters
married Justice Feld. , '> \: *
Mrs. McCreery is a granddaughter of
the late Bishop Kip of California. Her
mother was a sister of the late Pierre
Lorillard.
The decree was signed to-day, but
does not become effective for three
months. All papers have been sealed
by the direction of the court and can
not be opened except upon application
of one of the parties to the action. The
custody of the eight-year-old child la
awarded to the mother and to th2
father is granted permission to visit
it twice during each year. He Is to
pay $3000 a year for \.he support, main
tenance and education of the child. No
provision is made for alimony to the
wife.
NEW YORK, June 9.— Rumors of do
mestic differences betvfeen Mrs. Edith
McCreery. only daughter of the late
Colonel Lawrence Kip. who has a for
tune in her own right, and her hus
band, Richard S. McCreery, are nc :
confirmed by the granting of an inter
locutory decree of divorce in her favor
by Judge Gildersleeve of the Supreme
Court.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Cardinal Satolli brings as a gift from
himself for the Catholic University a
valuable gold chalice, which his CM
pupils of Urban College of the propa
ganda In Home gave him as a souvenir
of his "sacerdotal silver Jubilee on July
17, 1S87. ' -\- - . .
NEW YORK. June 9- — Cardinal
Satolli arrived to-day from Gezoa on
the steamship Princess Irene. Bad
weather; spoiled the reception that it
was proposed to give him down the
bay. It was intended that a large party
of priests and laymen should go down
on the Sea Gull and take him off . at
Quarantine. The steamer, however,
slipped in In the fog of early raornins
and was almost up to her dock in Ho
boken before tho steamboat got under
way from her pier.
As the Cardinal came down the gang
plank Archbishop Farley greeted him.
They clasped hands and gave each
other the accolade in true" Latin style.
With the Cardinal, as traveling com
panions, are two- young ecclesiastics.
Father Ercole Satolli. his cousin, and
Father Giuseppe Marucchi and Gio
vanni Giontoni. a student from a Ro
man seminary, who act3 as the s Car
dinal's private secretary.
The Cardinal said he had long de
sired to visit his uld friends here and
scenes of so many important events In
his career. He said he would travel
about the country, see St. Louis and
severaj other of our large cities and
would then return to Rome, probably
in about three months.' -
Special Pispatch to Tfc? CmlL
Th? gambltrs never forgave McDon
nell for Ehootir.gr Price, although he
acquitted on the ground of self
defense. He hae been mixed up In a
Kcore of fights and in one instance is
said to have cut an ear from a man
be accused of swindling while em
ployed in his gambling room. The ear
was nailed up on a wall of the room.
NEW YORK, June 9.— An astonish
ing exhibition of joy has been noted
among the acquaintances in Harlem
cf Myles B. McDonnell over the mur
der of the former gambler In Albany.
Along East 12oth street. In the ealoons
and resorts where the man was well
known and feared, his death was toast
ed, and it is e\en reported that some
of the cronies .cf George Price, who
was killed by McDonnell In 1900. got up
a dinner In celebration of the event.
Who Killed One of TUelr
Number.
Harlem Sports Toast Death of Man
GAMBLERS REJOICE OVER
KILLING OF MeDONNELL
The selection of Attorney General
Knox came as a surprise to the poli
ticians of the State. Henry C. Frick
of Pittsburp. a director of the United
Ftates Steel Corporation, came to this
city yes-terday ar.d formally announced
that the Attorney General was a can
didate. At first it was expected that
Knox would be opposed, but after a
«>rie3 of conferences the Pittsburs del
egation accepted Knox.
WASHINGTON. June 9.— Just before
Attorney General Knox left Washing
ton a few days ago be called on the
President and told him that he had
been tendered the appointment of
United States Senator to succeed Quay,
and that if the President was willing
he would accept. The President ac
quiesced. Knox probably will not re
sign as Attorney General until Con
press convenes next December.
FHILADELFH1A, June 9.— Philander
G. Knox, Attorney General of the
United States, was selected to-day to
fill the scat in the United States Senate
jnado vacant by the death of M. S.
Quay. He will' accept and serve by
appointment of Governor Pennypacker
until March 4, the dale ot the*«cpira
tioa of the late Senator's commission.
Unless political complications should
ansc as a result of to-day'g action he
¦will be elected for the full term by the
Legislature which meets in January.
It is expected that Attorney General
Knox uilj remain In the Cabinet, until
December.
pected of Having Dynamited
Express Car.
Victim and Two Companions Sus-
Given Custody of Her Child, to
V Whose Support the Father ..
/ Will Contribute.
Cardinal Arrives in New
York Direct From
Genoa.
Attorney General Will
Take Vacant Seat
in Senate.
CAKDIXAL. SATOLLI. FAMOUS
CATHOLIC DIGNITARY WHO IS
VISITING AMERICA.
Dead Man May Have Been
One of the Colorado
Train Robbers.
Granddaughter of the Late
Bishop Kip Wins Suit
for Separation.
ATTORNEY GENERAL PHILAN
DER O. KNOX. WHO WII,L. BE
xCOME A FEUKRAL SENATOR.
Meets His Death
in Fight With
a Posse.
Court Grants the
Wile's Plea for
Divorce.
McCREERYS
ARE PARTED
BY DECREE
SUPPOSED
OUTLAW IS
SHOT DOWN
KNOX VICTOR
IN FIGHT FOR
QUAY'S TOGA
Y^HEFU, June 9.— The long contemplated attack by the Japanese on Port Arthur began early this morning. The Russian
forces around the beleaguered city were reinforced by the troops which had garrisoned Dalny and Kinchou. The
Russian vessels in the harbor, with their great guns, aided the land forces in repelling the attack. The fighting still goes on.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 9.— General Kuropatkin telegraphed' to the Emperor under date of June 8: "A Japanese
brigade attacked a Russian detachment occupying Siamatsze on June 7. The Russians retired slowly, because of the enemy's
great superiority, toward Fenchulin Pass. Our losses were two officers woundechmd lone hundred soldiers killed or*W>unded.
The San Francisco Call
THE WEATEEK.
Forecast made at San rraa
cisco for thirty hours endtaj
mldnight, Juae 10:
San rrancisoo and vicinity—
Tair rriday; Urht southerly
winds changing to brisk west
erly. A. O. Me A DIE,
District Forecaster.
, "."vS''^ TSBTBZATESS.
Alcaxa*— "Trader Two «•*¦•"
Calif ornia. — "Th» Cavalier."
Central — "The Peddler."
Cautes— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Tie little Minister."
Tlscacr's— U V. S."
Grand — "A Captain of Harare*."
Orpheum— Vauderille. *
TivoU— "Serjeant Xitty."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JUNE 10, 190.4.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 10."Thermometers? Yes, we are. selling
lots of them," said the young wpman
behind the optical counter in a big de
partment store over in Philadelphia the
other day. "Our sales always Jump in
weather like this, and in extremely hot
weather in summer. During a long spell
of even weather, when a winter is not
extraordinarily cold or a summer, not
extraordinarily hot, there is little de
mand for thermometers. But Just let
a very cold spell set in in winter, or a
very hot spell in summer, and it makes
all the difference in the world in the
sales of our department, although ther
mometerB are simply regarded, as a
side issue. Suburbanites are especially
eager buyers, particularly at this time
of year, when the temperature In the
early morning is several degres lower
In outlying districts than it is in"the
city proper." It'B a great source of sat
isfaction to the suburbanite to come In
town, see a thermometer registering 7
degrees above zero, and say with great
complacency, "Why, the thermometer on
my porch was 1 degree below when I
left home." "—New York Commercial.
The Thermometer Trade.
In the House, the chamber being
much larger, the pages are summoned
by electric bells in ( the cloak rooms,
with one of which each member's desk
is connected.— N. Y. Commoner. ,
The episode in the Senate a few days
ago, when Senator Nelson of Minnesota
allowed a "damn" to slip out in the
earnestness of debate, recalled to sev
eral persons the incident of more than
twenty years ago when Elbridge G.
Lapham, then a senator from New
York, whistled for a page. »'
The proceedings of the Senate were
especially dull that day, and the cham
ber was comparatively quiet. Senator
Lapham was absorbed in writing at
his desk, when he suddenly looked up
and emitted a shrill whistle. He want
ed a page to do an errand for him,
and he got him— but the usually digni
fied Senate was first horrified,"' then
convulsed with laughter.
The conventional method employed
by a Senator in calling a page is a
brief clapping of the hands, and this
practice some times mystifies visitors in
the gallery who wonder what or whom
the senator is applauding. The Senate
pages are usually so watchful, how
ever, that the motion of a senatorial
hand, Is enough to bring a boy In
stantly scurrying across the floor to
the Senator's seat.
Calling Pnjces in Congress.
A woman doesn't enjoy a trip half as
much as she enjoys telling about it
afterward.
J. Miller, a member of the State
railroad police and employed by the
Southern Pacific Company as a watch
man in the freight sheds on Townsend
street, was treated at the Central
Emergency Hospital last night* as the
result of a beating received at the
hands of a crowd of thugs. According
to Miller he was assaulted without
cause by a number of striking freight
handlers as he was crossing Townsend
street, near Fifth. His assailants
knocked him down, beat and kicked
him and then ran away. At the hos
| pital it was found that he was suffer
ing from contusions and abrasions of
the face and may be injured internally
from the kicks. The Southern Pacific
officials had the injured man removed
to their hospital.
F. Wallich, also a railroad policeman
employed by the Southern Pacific, was
pet upon and badly beaten at 11
o'clock last r.ic:ht by a crowd of men at
Fifth and Townsend streets. He was
taken to the Central Emergency Hos
pital, but later removed to the Emer
gency Hospital.
J. Miller Says He Was Attacked by
Striking Freight Handlers.
WATCHMAN BEATEN BY THUGS.
BANDITS ATTACK JAPANESE.
Forty Marauders Pay for Their Te
merity With Their Lives.
CHEFU, June 10. — Chinese who
have arrived here from Takushan say
that the Japanese army of 20,000,
which landed at Takushan last month
and proceeded toward Fengwang
cheng. presumably to reinforce Gen
eral Kuroki, returned to Takushan on
May 28.
The Chinese believed that the Jap
anese had been defeated by the Rus
sians, but it is regarded here as more
likely that the advance toward Feng
wangcheng and the return to Taku
shan were simply a Japanese feint.
The Chinese further report that a
small body of bandits attacked the
Japanese at Kinchou and that fdrty
of the bandits were killed.
TURKEY STRICTLY NEUTRAL.
No Likelihood That Black Sea Fleet
Could Pass Dardanelles.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 10 (2:40
a. m.).— The press is informed official
ly that no negotiations are ' taking
place" between Russia and Turkey con
cerning the passage of the Black Sea
fleet through the Dardanelles.
The Turkish Government has affirm
ed positively its intention to maintain'
neutrality and to observe strictly the
obligations of the Berlin treaty.
While diplomatic circles do not be
lieve in the existence of danger In the
Balkans, yet it is thought that Rus
sia will not consider a reduction of the
Black Sea fleet at this time.
The Two-Headed Eagle.
The symbol of the two-headed eagle
is considered by some heralds to be
merely the result of the heraldic prac
tice of "dlmidlatlon," which crept Into
English heraldry during the reign of
Edward L Dimidiatlon was simply a
child's way of Impaling two coats of
arms on the same shield by the primi
tive method of cutting each in half and
taking the dexter half of one and the
sinister half of the other and placing
them back to back, as it were. Strange
two-headed beasts naturally resulted,
as, for instance, when a lion and . an
eagle were halved and Joined together,
and the griffon Is supposed to have
been evolved from two lions raVnpant
by dimidlation. "it robs.ttie two-headed
eagle of half its terrors to know that
it owe* its origin to this sort of child's
play. The gryphon and. mock turtle
that. went out to sea with the whiting
are far more serious.creations. — London
Dally Chronicle. ' * * ,
Justice of the Peace Daniell^ yes
terday tried the suit of Charles B.
Whilden against the Columbian Bank
ing Company to recover $299 damages.
Whilden testified that his business
reputation had suffered in the amount
Fued for because the bank had re
fused payment on a check for $55 67
signed by Whilden as agent of the
Warner Company of Philadelphia.
The check was presented by the West
ern National Bank for payment, but
¦was refused on the ground that there
were no funds to Whilden's credit. As
a matter of fact he had money on de
posit. Cashier Hynes testified that the
error was due to a new bookkeeper,
who was not familiar with the ac
counts of depositors. The bank was
satisfied to pay Whilden for whatever
actual expense he had incurred, but
disclaimed responsibility for any dam
ages and Judge Daniells took that
I'hase of the case under advisement.
fusal to Honor Order.
Dcpredior AIIcrcs That lUs Business
Reputation Was Damaced by Re- .
The police have information that
Russell and Parker were engaged in
Eimilar operations in Salt Lake City
and Los Angeles before coming to San
Irancisco. So far the only charge that
can be placed against them is of ob
taining money by false pretenses.
the*, young men who are acr
cused of swindling the Hotel &t. r
Francis people are" now in custorly and-
Captain Martin is. to communicate with
Eastern cities with the object of ascer
taining-something of their past his^
tory. D.;a: .Russell was arrested on
Wednesday night by the hotel detec
tive and C. Edgar. Parker on Kearny
street about 2 o'clock yesterday morn
ing by Detectives Freel and Bunner.
Russell and Park*er passed a num
ber of sight drafts at the hotel. These
were signed by Parker and indorsed
by Russell. They were drawn on "the
German Savings Institution, St. Louis,
Mo." It was ascertained that there is
np such institution in existence. Rus
sell also borrowed money from people
he met here and gave checks in pay
ment on the First National Bank, St.
Louis, but they were returned dis
honored.
Police Will Make Inquiry in Eastern
Cities Rejrardins: 1>. A. Russell
- • and C Edgar Parker.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 9.— The
Admiralty authorizes a denial of the
report published in Pari3 from Sebas
topol that a serious explosion has oc
curred on board the Russian cruiser
Smolensk., ,..,-, »'• -- ". r'i---,«
No Explosion on Cruiser.
¦ Inquiries at the place where the
woman lived failed to shed any light
upon the man Brandt further than
that he was known to the sisters of
the dead girl, but they declined to
give any particulars regarding the re
lationship existing between the cou
ple.
' The envelope was directed to Al
Brandt at 112 Sansome street and
read- as follows:
Dear Al — Thig morning-' k refusal was more
than" I could stand and for that reason I'm
pi'iTiK to end it all, for my heart ia breaking
and think you are the cause of it. Al, if you
Ret my watch 'please give It my sister. Oood
by. dear. • ¦ M. G.
. Molly.,^Gordon, iabout 24 years of
age, -was" taken frbrri''her residence at
654 Minna street to . the Emergency
Hospital yesterday afternoon. She
was in a dying condition from the ef
fects of carbolic acid. The woman
died within an hour. In her posses
sion was a note written by herself.
Molly .Gordon Writes a Note Accusing
; ; AT Brandt of Having: Wantonly
Broken Her- Heart.
YOUNG WOMAN KILLS
HERSELF FOR LOVE
SUES OOLrMBJAX BANK
FOR NOT PAYING CHECK
ALLEGED HOTEL BEATS
PLACED UNDER ARREST
Beaten by Bunko Men.
Gleco Starovich was treated at the
Central Emergency Hospital last
night for several contused wounds and
bruises on the head. Starovich says
he was induced by some strangers on
Fourth street to buy a watch for
$12 50; He paid the money, but when
he demanded the timepiece he was set
upon and beaten.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 9.— The
War Office is in possession of informa
tion which the officials declare war
rants a contradiction of the reports
brought by Chinese fugitives to Chefu
of a four days' land and sea attack on.
Port Arthur and of extensive damage
to the forts. An official dispatch from
Rear Admiral Wi-ttsoeft, dated June 7,
reports that the enemy has been bom T
tent Bombardments From Sea.
Admiral WIttsoeft Reports Intermit-
WORD FROM PORT ARTHUR.
TOKIO, June 9.— Official reports show
that the first section of Talienwan Bay
has been completely cleared of mines.
Sixty-two have been found and explod
ed by the force under Admiral Kata
oka. Two Russian ships were found
under water about 1200 yards west of
Sanshan Islands, one of which is be
lieved to be the cruiser Boyarin. Other
sunken vessels have also- been found
southwest of the same islands.
Discovery Made by Japanese In the
Vicinity of Dalny.
TWO SUNKEN RUSSIAN SHIPS.
HQNGKONG. June 9. — American
engineers who are engaged in the con
struction of the Canton. Railway were
attacked by a Chinese mob this morn
ing.. The Americans defended them-_
selves effectively and a Chinese boy'
was shot dead.
McW'ade, the American Consul Gen
eral at Canton, is investigating, with
the intention of making the affair a
subject of complaint to the Viceroy. •
Assailed - 3Ien Defend Themselves and
• Member of Mob Is Killed.
CHINESE ATTACK AMERICANS.
Japanese spies, who entered Port
Arthur last week, distributed notices
assuring the Chinese of liberal treat
ment in case the Japanese were vic
torious.
CHEFU, June 9, noon. — Chinese ar
riving from Port Arthur say the en
trance to that 'harbor is still blocked
and large vessels are unable to pash
in or out.. Gunboats and -torpedo-boats
can effect a passage only at high tide.
The Japanese fleet is bombarding
Port Arthur daily from a considerable
distance off shore, fearing to attempt
a closer range because of the danger
from Russian mines.
A Chinese formerly employed in the
machine shops at Port Arthur, who ar
rived here to-day, says that only five
of the . nine largest Russian ships at
Port Arthur are capable of going to
sea and that steam is kept up in but
three of the five sound vessels. All of
the guns from the damaged ships have
been removed to the forts and the sail
ors from these shins have gone to the
front with the troops. The Russian
warships, which formerly were painted
black, are now painted gray, as are
the vessels of the Japanese fleet. Rus
sian, torpedo-boats leave the harbor
occasionally for short trips, but the
larger warships cannot get through the
entrance. -'^v
Port Arthur Chinese Says Only Five
Vessels Are Ready for Sea.
RUSSIAN FLEET USELESS.
TOKIO, June 9,— Wounded officers
who have returned to Tokio from the
Liaotung Peninsula give interesting
details of the battle of Nanshan HiO.
After the first ineffectual attack oh
the hill the Japanese scouts discovered
that there were mines at some spot
at the foot of the hill. It was deter
mined that they could be definitely lq
cated only by the sacrifice of some men.
Hundreds volunteered to go to .what
appeared to be certain death.- The'.v,
led the second advance^ and found that
heavy rains had washed away the cov
ering of earth and had exposed the
mines. Engineers cut the connecting
wires, rendering the mines useless, and
sustained no loss. The. volunteers were
nearly all killed in the. subsequent In
effectual attack on the hill. :¦¦'
• Tho Osaka men, from the right wing,
while advancing through- the water
along the shore, _ encountered a bod>
of Russians, also in the water. A fierce
fight ensued. Both sides were waist
deep in the sea. AVhen the Russians
finally retreated the water was liter
ally crimson. Both sides lost heavily. ,
During the day the Russians used:
several war balloons, well out of range. ¦
In the trenches,' after they had:beeii.
captured, were found many articles of.
clothing belonging to women andi chil-i
dren, making it evident' that the,Rus
sians intended their defenses to be per-'
manent.
Foes Battle in Water Waist Deep on
Liaotuhg's Shore;
SURF RED .•¦-.WITH BLOOD.
Railroad communication on the
Liaotung Peninsula Is restored as far
south. as Vufangow.
The enemy's outposts were with
drawn from their positions In the
Ltaotin Pass, on the Suiyen road, on
June 6. They are holding a small pass
at Mudenfu.v where the Russians ex
changed, shots with the Japanese all
day on June 7. Details of the skir
mish are lacking.
LIAOYANG. June 9.— -Six -warships,
including one /-battleship, -participated
in the bombardment; of the coast of
the Liaotung -Peninsula, near KaJ
chou. After- appearing oft Gauntsia
tung and Tsangtsiatun^" they opened
flre as they approached the- latter
place, shelling the cbaiit'llhe between
Hudslatung and Baiosichay. At 4
o'clock "in the afterntm they shelled
Russian scouts near_Sianbantszy and
were "joined iat 5 o'clock by eleven
other .warships — two.- large and ode
small. It is" possible that the demon
stration was made to cover a landing
of troops. ' ¦;,'. ;¦
Six Japanese \lVarships Take. Part in
' r'tiie^Attack; "
• BO3IBARDMEXT v bF COx\ST.
DENVER. Colo., June 9. — lira.
Mary Etzel, mother of Lewis Etzel.
the war correspondent, who was killed
by Chinese soldiers, will file a claim
against the Chinese Government for
$20,000 damages.
TIENTSIN, June 9. — Viceroy Yuan
Shi Kal has sent the taotal Liu to New
chwang to investigate the. death of
Lewis Etzel, correspondent of the
London Daily Telegraph, who was shot
recently by Chinese Imperial soldiery.
It is now reported that he was foully
murdered.
sult of. a Mistake.
Killinjr of Correspondent Not th© Re-
ETZEL FOULLY MURDERED.
"A Japanese force of two companies
of Infantry and a squadron of cavalry
advanced on June T northward '. from
Fengwangcheng into the Tafanghung
district, driving In the Cossack out
posts. A detachment of Chasseurs and
a company of infantry ' hastened 'Item
Utiandl to aid the Cossacks. The Jap
anese abandoned their attack, having
lost one officer and a non-commissioned
officer captured and several men killed.
We had no casualties.
"Outposts of Cossacks on the main
LJaoyang road were driven in on June
7, but reinforcements forced the Japan
ese, to retire. Our loss during the
fighting, "which lasted until 7 p* m..
were Captain Tiatchko and two soldiers
killed and five soldiers wounded."
"ST. PETERSBURG, 'June M.— The
Emperor has received this report from
Kuropatkin, dated Jurr« 8: ¦¦•
"A Japanese squadron^of six .vessel?,
which was later reinforced by eleven
others, appeared on. the west coast of
Liaotung. Peninsula June J. about J.
o'clock in the afternoon. Six of th.6
ships were of the first class, the others
of the second and third' class arid tor
pedo-boats. The squadron cruised in
sections, bombarding .. various points
east of Kaichau and Senyuchtn. direct
ing their fire on our posts and patrols
wherever these appeared. The squad
ron ceased firing at 1 p. m. and steamed
away southward. Our losses are. none,
nor. did we suffer any material damage.
Six ships reappeared south of Kwan
tsiatung and lowered boats. Six other
battleships bombarded the coast near
Senyuchln and the town itself,- but
there was no landing.
"The Japanese troops are concentrat
ing southward, with a front extending
more than ten miles from Putantlen to
Fangtsiatung, in the valley of Tas
sakho. i «•-.-¦
The correspondent of the Standard at
Tientsin says that China is prepared
to assume the civil administration of
the territory the Japanese have con
quered. ¦ ¦>;..: •
The Daily Mail's" correspondent at
Tientsin learns that 10,000 Russian in
fantry, with several batteries of; artil
lery, are entrenched in a strong position
at Pochichia. twelve miles, south of
Kaichau . and thirty-five miles from
Newchwang. -
Shanghai telegrams aver that the
Japanese third army, under General
Nogi, will assault Port Arthur, while
the second army, under General Oku.
.will co-operate with General Kuroki.
LONDON, June 10.— A special dis
patch to the Daily Mail from Fusan
says the Russians, who are apparently
taking the offensive, have reached Sui
sailiiig and are advancing along the
railway to Saimatsze.- They are being
heavily reinforced. THe Russians are
now in a half-circle around Fenswang
cheng, from Saimatsze to Liaoyang, a
screen oftossacks covering their front.
The northeast roads and passes are
strongly held.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 9— All
Japanese movements are interpreted
here as caused by an attempt to ham
per as much as possible , whatever
movement General Kuropatkin may
be making to help Port Arthur. Not
only have the Japanese bombarded the
west coast of . Liaotung Peninsula,
where the railway runs close to the
shore, maintaining- feints of debarka
tion, but General Kuroki' has assumed
the offensive eastward. He has sent
an overpoweringly strong column that
drove out the Russians from a forti
fied position at Saimatsze, twenty miles
northwest of Fengwangcheng, inflict
ing a loss of 100 men. ¦
The authorities say that they are
without information concerning the
fight at Saimatsze beyond the, official
dispatch that was made l public to
night, but that the Rusian withdrawal
was quite in accordance with General
Kuropatkin's prearranged -. plan, al
though the Russian losses ..indicated
stubborn fighting. . \ .
Its Front Now Forms a
Half-Circle Around Feng
waiigcheng.
bardlng Port Arthur - intermltt^ntly
from the sea, but does not mention se
rious operations from the lanfi side. .
The .Admiralty is not disposed* to
credit the report that the Port-Arthur
squadron has left Port Arthur, or; the
rumor of its junction^ with the Vladl-.
vostok squadron, although this is evi
dently part of the programme. -If It
comes to the* worst,, the Port Arthur
squadron will go out and give battle. ¦
It seems { certain that the Russians
are now in wireless communication
with Port Arthur.' "By no other . way
could the*recei£t of -Admiral Witt
soeft's dispatch of June 7 be accounted
for. ... .-._.:„.„ .,. -ill •
Slav Outposts in Frequent
Brushes With* Their v
/Active Foe.
Kuropatkin Reports No
Damage Done by the
Bombardments.
Russia's Main Army Is Ap
parently Taking the
Offensive.
KUROKI DRIVES THE SLAVS FROM STRONGLY
FORTIFIED POST NEAR FENGWANGCHENG
Sudden Movement by the Commander of the First
Army of Japan Results in the Defeat of
the Enemy at Saimatsze.
THE SAN. FRANCISCO C ALL;;, FRIDAY, JUNit 10,^1904
DEWET KEEPS A TYPEWRITER.—Wal
ter A.' Scott of the Columbia Typewriter Man
ufacturing Company obtained a ¦ warrant from
Police Judge Moran yesterday for the -arrest
of Fred L,. Dewey on a charge of felony em
bezzlement. He alleges that on May 28 Dewey
gst a machine valued, at $8S on approval* but
jfcluees to return it or iiay. for IV ' "
2
R©oti!(if RiissidE BS©ns6 Suits for $3 #^
We place on sale to-day just 42 Russian blouse suits, which we
. have marked to sell at $3.75. The suits have been actually reduced • • /^M^^^m^.
from $6.00. As there are so few suits left we wish to close them all ¦'/M^^^^^0M^s
out at once and incidentally enable our customers to save considerable (^^^^^l^^^^fe
Remember there are just 42 suits. The forty-third ¦ person who '%p^ "^v^^^
calls will be disappointed. Gome early — be one of the fortunate ]^%^^S^
purchasers. f"s<-\ ' V^i v/^'
These Russian blouse suits are made with' pretty sailor collars and / «<v • ¦ Yj '/ T. •
shields, elegantly embroidered. The collar is trimmed with rows of i^^4^^^^i
soutache braid and embroidered emblems. There are four styles of -*f^"^^W^ ; f^%f
trimmingsin the assortment. Ages 3 to 7 years.
It is one of the best values we have offered in many a day. A 7^'Lii/> -^\^
saving of $2.25 is certainly unusual. . These are regular $6.00. garments, %!^&^^r
•but the sale price is ¦•/•• • .¦;;¦; /^S^f^4^-
..^JHp ¦ Khaki Suits ¦ ww ¦
V§|1 While the boy is on his vacation have him BjW
wear a khaki suit- These garments are easily mm
washed and are just the thing to wear when the . mf %jk
'tj$3m m -«*$&!$ is playing or romping over the country. M W
i^l^il-pM • Our garments are made of the genuine Wk Mi fP^
; ii^p khaki—the same material that is worn by the WJ&r*^, '' :^^b^
SS^^^^^^ft united States soldiers when campaigning in the
tropics. The coats are made in* Norfolk style with belt and box plaits. ._ The
S^M'^^M sizes ran S e f rom 3 to 17 years. The price is .. ,
IfM^^^^m Covert suits for little fellows from 4 to 8 years, made of good material,
with removable brass buttons, $1.00 a suit.
1|§lp z$im$ : Boys' khaki hats to match the suits, 25c. . . • .
: |iW • -Wit - • Pampas grass Mexican sombreros in small shapes, 15c.
if!! fPi '¦¦¦¦¦•¦•• Boys' cowboy hats, can also be worn by girls and young ladies; 90c, $1.30,
Sffl Ip Boys' crash hats, 45c and 50c. Girls' overalls, superior quality, 45c.
ASVEB.TISE2£E2tT&
Cbas. Keilus & Co.
E x c 1 u s i v e
High-Qrade Clothiers
No Branch Stores. No Accnti.
INTELLIGENT DRESSERS
OWN A BLUE SERGE SUIT.
THEY ALWAYS LOOK CLEVER,
NEAT AND VERY DRESSY,
EUT THEY MUST BE RIGHT,
CAUTIOUSLY TAILORED.
CURS HAVE CORRECT STYLE.
*\$>Z-
Kearny Street
T h u r 1 o w Block
ADVXBTISEUENTS. • - ..'.;'¦;-• • __^_J.-
rCi %?1 Bl^^ . _^-^^^^^^»J Bm hH
0 1 Means the farthest reach in piano advancement 8
£¥ n that the world has yet seen. It has within a
f. ffl comparatively fewyears bounded into the fore- %, 1
\M most position among ARTISTIC PIANOS. % B
Tone quality is demanded by all music
|\ lovers and musical critics. THE EVERETT fi
B \ tone is the one tone that meets with universal ' f I
[i praise. This praise comes spontaneously / I
§L V from every quarter of the globe and is voiced I M
fil^J by the world's greatest musical masters. W^Ju
i-l^^&v If you desire an jt^^m
PP EVERETT PIANO CT
B 11 We have a 1 special proposition to make you — Jf I
1? H a proposition that will enable you to easily If f
H M own an Everett Inquire for our plan. || S
1 931-933 MARKET STREET, San Francisco W
I j Otfirr Oakland. Sacramento, San Jose, P?l
! vmtl JIUTC3. Sarekar rreaao and saa mtKO . tSB
gL The Mauvais Music Co. is located in our building. For sheet . Jgj
iKSk £W\ music, books or small musical instruments, call on or address /&&% maMISSING AFTER WINNING LOTTERY.—
The police have been appealed to by Mrs.
Kins to find her husband. John King of IS',
Freelon street. She tays he received a noti
fication that he had won $&Q In & Chinese lot
tery and started for Chinatown to get th
meney. Since then he hai not been heard
tram.
At an early hour this morning
Charles Rentz of 618 Front street was
fatally stabbed by Joseph Ricci. They
were fighting near Pacific and Bat
tery streets. The cause of the fight
is not known. , .
A Fatal Stabbing.
PARIS, June 9.— The condition of
*Miss Lena Morton, daughter of Lev!
P. Morton of New York, became criti
cal to-day, owing to the development
of blood poisoning. A member of the
family said that only a ray of hope re
mained.
Miss Morton's Condition Critical.
A. McC. Ashley, section director of
the United States Weather Bureau, Is
at the Occidental Hotel, en route to
Honolulu, where he will establish a
meteorological observatory. He says
he expects to establish numerous sub
stations, with a view to furnishing the
islands with a climate and crop ser
vice similar to that maintained in
California by Professor McAdie.
Weather Bureau for Honolulu.
The entertainment that was given
in the Laurel Hall of the Shiels build
ing last Wednesday night by the
Past Dictators* Association, Knights
of Honor, was a very successful af
fair, t^ere being; more than 500 la
dles and gentlemen present to enjoy
the very pleasant programme. E. F.
Joy was the chairman of the evening
and under his directions called upon
the following persons to render the
number assigned to each: Recitation,
Ethel Munn; vocal selections. Belle
Meyers; comic specialties, J. Haw
kins; violin solo, A. M. Martin;
recitation, Ethel Farnsworth: musical
selections, P. Huddleson; and vocal
selections, Miss Solomon. During the
evening the assemblage was ad
dressed on the subject of forming a
ladies' auxiliary to the Knights of
Honor by Supreme Representative
Maxwell L. Crowe, and Grand Dic
tator P. L. Archibald spoke on the
fraternal and protective features of
the order. After the entertainment
F. M. Warnholz assumed charge of
the floor as manager, and, assisted
by B. E. George, Adant*Loh. F. W.
Wedekind, Charles Lampe, J. J. . Be
ran, George Warnholz. N. H. Hirsh
feld and George Folsom, inaugurated
dancing, which was kept up for two
hours. It was the most brilliant . af
fair that has been given in the name
of this order in a long time, and so
pleased were those who arranged It
that they decided to give a series of
such functions at stated periods dur
ing the remainder of the year.
KnishU of Honor Entertain.
The. semi-annual election for officers
for the several unions Ijas occupied the
attention of the - following unions,
which have made nominations:
Steam and Electrical Engineers*
Union No. 64— For president, Daniel
Daniels; for vice president, Harry
1 Leavitt; for financial secretary, John
Nelson; for recording secretary, Clark
Bradford; for treasurer, Charles Teu
bert; for conductor, O. K. Otto; for
guard Walter J. Holman; for trustees
—William Griffith (two years) and John
Fitzgerald (one year) ; for delegates
to Building Trades Council— A. H.
Ewell, Joseph Ault. John Moriarity,
James Fitzgerald, Harry Mitchell and
James Hanley; for auditors— Harry
Mitchell, George Cor and Charles
Heines; for delegates to international
convention— O. P. Grosscup, H. B. Sa
ville, John Morarity. William McNally.
Frederick Darling and James Hanley;
alternates — George Anderson, Charles
McKinstry. John Carter. A. H. Ewell
and George James.
Millmen's Union No. 423 — The fol
lowing nominations were made: For
president, H. J. Shober and Thomas
McGuIre; vice president, Thomas
Kress and Thomas Ackerson: financial
secretary, J. G. Fallon; for recording
secretary, E.. J." Daley; for treasurer,
Thomas McGuIre; trustee to Progres
sive Planing Mill. P. J. Sullivan;- for
trustee to Organized Labor, W. H*
Bemiss and E. Elkins; for delegates
to District Council • of Carpenters— H.
J. Shober, J. Frisken, H. Hiler.
George Gilmore, W. J. Doyle, P. J.
Sullivan. Thomas ,Kerss, F. Prender
gast, T. McLaren and H. Douglass; for
delegates to Building Trades Council
¦4— Thomas- O'Brien, George J Gilmore,
J. Ramsey, W. H. Bemiss,; H. J.
Shober, H. Rahiries, : Thomas Partner.
James Bell, Thomas McGuire, John G.
Fallon and J. Welch,
Labor News.
A. P.uef is to be the guest of honor
at a. banquet on the evening of June
14 at a place to be selected later. Ht
will be escorted to the depot by a
parade of his admirers on Wednesday
morning when he starts on his jour
ney with the other Republican dele
pates to the national convention in
Chicago.
Admirers of Mr. Ruef tonhe number
of 100 assembled in the rooms of the
United Republican League last night
and with .considerable enthusiasm
agreed on the principal details. It was
generally believed by those present
that several hundred friends would
attend the banquet. In order, there
fore, to give J. G. Boyne. T. E. Atkin
son and Frank Maestretti, the commit
tee, time to make all arrangements,
no tickets will be issued after 9 oclock
Saturday night. The price of the tick
ets will not exceed 52 60. The parade
will start from the St. Francis Hotel
at 10 o'clock on Wednesday morning.
Admirers Arrange for Two Demon
strations Before His Departure for
Chicago National Convention.
A great many members of the Gold
en Gate Christian Endeawr Union at
tended the reception given to the Rev.
F. S. Hatch. The recifption took place
at the Westminster Presbyterian
Church, corner of Page and Webster
streets, last evening. The Rev. Her
bert E. Hayes, pastor of the church,
presided and introduced* the distin
guished visitor. Dr. Hatch responded
in an interesting address, in whi\h he
referred to the work of the Christian
Endeavor In India during L. j three
years as secretary. Dr. Hatch brings
with him two young native women,
who are to enter an Eastern college
to perfect their English education.
Among those present were Presi
dent J. B. Sayers of the State union
and President J. W. Hatch of the
Golden Gate Union.
of Local Members of Christian
Endeavor.
Rer. F. S. Hatch Addresses Gathering
i'tALKS ON CHRISTIAN
, ENDEAVORERS IN INDIA
A. RUEF TO BE BANQUETED
AND ESCORTED TO FERRY
LOS ANGELES. June 9.— H. S. Wil
kinson, a well-to-do merchant ¦, of
Rochester, Wis., died on the SantajP'o
overland train at Vinita. Ariz., last
night under circumstances particularly
sad. His mother, whose home is at
Tropico, a suburb of Los Angeles, is
dying and telegrams had "been sent
to the members of the family East
calling them to her bedside. Wilkin
son became ill at Kansas City and. al
though attended by two physicians on
the train, he gradually became worse
until it was evident that he would
not recover. Yesterday morning J. J.
Wilkinson, brother of the dying man,
who was en route here from Marshall
town, Iowa, happened to pass through
the sleeper and caught a glimpse of
the sick man's face. He instantly rec
ognized him as his brother. He had
not known that his brother was on the
train, although he had traveled on it
from Kansas City. The dying man
recognized his brother, but soon re
lapsed into unconsciousness. from
which he was never aroused. .The body
was not taken off the train, but was
brought to this city, "the brother be
ing in such condition fronv-the shock
that he required the services of the
physicians. The dying mother has not
been told of the death of her son, be
cause it is feared the news would
hasten her death, which is a matter of
but a few days, at most.
Special Dtepatch to The Call.
Sufferer Passes Away Be
fore Fast Speeding Cars
Reach Their Destination
Sad Meeting Between Eela
tives Who Were Hurrying
to Home of Sick Parent
Pfhe mystery of the note that was
it to Mrs. Madden, supposedly by
».:aptain Wild, is solved by the state
ment of Mrs. Madden. Mrs. Madden
says that the note was written by a
fi-iend of hers at Angel Island. It
merely conveyed the news of Captain
Wild's death, and in no way threw the
Flishtest Ilyht upon the cause or rea
sons of his death. This statement of :
Mrs. Madden's is also borne out by of- ;
> :T-ers conversant with the eubject.
The cause of the death of Captain
Frederick Wild is still as great a
mystery as ever. Army officials,
friends in social life and others in
whose circles he moved are at a loss to
understand what caused his sudden
taking off. Among the leading- army
< fficlals it is the impression that his
death was accidental and that it was
by the sudden explosion caused by the
dropping of bis pun. This theory Is also
hrJd by many of his friends at the Bo
hemian Club.
On the other side comes the story
cf his devotion to Mrs. Evelyn Pittman
and, if rumor be true, there was a lack
of reciprocation on her part-
Mrs. Pittman. when seen at her lux
urious apartments at 1004 McAllister
street last night, conversed very freely
"n the subject of Captain Wild's death.
She was beautifully gowned in a robe
of dark brown satin, decorated with
magnificent white lace. About her
Throat wag encircled magnlflcertt gems
ter that I cannot and will not discuss
under any consideration. Poor, dear
Fred is gone, arid to me his memory is
very sacred. I never knew any finer
gentleman, and I never expect to know
any one that had so fine a character as
he had. He was always polite and gal
lant. I am sure his death was entirely
an accident, because, so far as I know,
I can most positively assert there was
no reason for his takine his life."
"Now, Mrs. Pittman, is it not true
that Captain Wild became despondent
and reckless because you refused to
marry him?"
"I must decline to answer that
question."
"Do you decline to say that Captain
Wild was devoted to you and that he
wanted to marry, you?"
''Again I must say that I do not
want to discuss that question, and I
will not say either yes or no to your
interrogations on this subject. I can
only say we were always friends.
"Now. so far as concerning the fur
nishing of this flat is concerned, Fred
had nothing to do with it. I never ac
cepted a dollar from him in my life."
Army officials are at an utter loss to
understand the situation. They all as
sert, so far as they know, that his ac
counts with the different organizations
with which he was connected were ab
solutely otraight.
'*I had known Captain Wild for
more than two years. We had been
great friends, and I had the greatest
admiration in the world for him. He
v.as always a gentleman in the truest
sense of the word. We frequently went
out to dinner, and we always dined in
the best places in San Francisco. We
generally went to the Palace Grill.
You know, the captain was fond of
the best things In life, and we never
went to any place that was not first
class. Of course, we dined at other
restaurants occasionally — at the Poodle
Dog, Marchand's and Zlnkand's. Now.
when it comes to the 6tory that he had
anything to do In furnishing this flat,
that is a mistaken idea. I have money
of my own to keep this flat going.
"I cannot in any way understand
why Captain Wild took his life and L
shall always believe, as I do now, that
it was an accident. If he had any trou
bles of his own he never confided them
to me. Regarding the rumors that
Captain Wild wished to marry me I
positively must decline to say anything
at all upon this subject. This ia a mat-
of emeralds and pearls, and her fingers
glistened with rich Jeweled rings
studded with brilliant diamonds, jewels
and pearls of rare beauty.
As she leaned back in her luxurious
divan of soft silken pillows she dis
cussed the death of Captain Wild as
follows:
FINDS BROTHER
DYING ON TRAIN
POPULAR ARMY OFFICER WHO COMMITTED SUICIDE I.V HIS QUARTERS AT ANGEL ISLAND BT SHOOTING HIMSELF.
AND THE YOUNG WOMAN WITH WHOM HE "WAS INFATUATED AND BECAUSE OF WHOM. IT IS ALLEGED. HE
ENDED HIS LIFE. #
TROT. N. T.. June ».— Th« Renualarr
Polytechnic Institute main buildlnr was totally
destroyed by fire to-day. The loss will ex
ceed ?2OO,00O.
DENVER, June* 9. — At the graduating ex
ercises 'of Denver University Senator Henry M.
Teller received the degree of doctor of laws.
8TEAMFITTERS" ANNUAL BALL.— Ths
third annual ball under the auspices of the
Steam and Hot Water Fitters' and Helpers'
Vnton will take place at Eintracht Hall 237
Twelfth street, to-morrow avenlng. The'pro
ceeds of the dance will be devoted to the
benefit fund of the union.
Delcasse said he received on Monday
a report from the French Embassador
at Constantinople giving the result of
the investigations of the French Con
sul sent into the Sassoun district. It
showed there had been a number of
bloody combats and .villages had been
captured by the troops and destroyed.
Eut it was impossible to estimate even
approximately the number of villages
destroyed or the number of people
killed. Some accounts said twenty
five villages and others claimed that
fifteen villages were destroyed.
There was no doubt the uprising re
sulted in the killing of many rebels and
also in the death of many peaceful
peasants. But the presence of the
French, Russian and British Consuls
v»a3 beginning to restore confidence.
."I have informed the Porte," Del
casse said, "that the time for repres-'
sion is over and that it must beware
what responsibility it- Incurs. The
French Government will not cease to
do its whole duty."
PARIS, June 9.— Foreign Minister
Deicasse made a statement in the
Chamber of Deputies to-day giving a
summary of the official investigation
into the atrocities in Armenia.
LONDON. June 9.— During the dis
cussion of the Foreign Office estimates
in the House of Commons to-day Sir
Charles Dilke (Advanced . Radical)
raised the question of the administra
tion of the Congo State. He discussed
at length the report of Roger Case
ment, British Consul in the Congo
State, and advocated an appeal to the
United States to act with Great Brit
ain, pointing out that the United States
was responsible for the creation of tne
Congo Free State and saying he be
lieved that such co-operation wouM be
pregnant with great result.
The Under Secretary for Foreign Af
fairs, Earl Percy, said the British Gov
ernment thought the Congo Govern
ment would readily recognize the ne
cessity for a searching inquiry, but the
former had been disappointed.
Earl Percy, after reviewing the situ
ation in the Congo State, charged offi
cials with permitting "inhuman cruel
ties to be practiced in order that they
might profit by the collection of rub
ber."
CALL, BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON.
WASHINGTON. June ».— Reports to
the Marine Hospital service apparently
prove the theory that the destruction
of the mosquito means absence of yel
low fever. When yellow fever brake
out with great virulence at Laredo,
Texas, on the Mexican border, the pub
lic health and Marine Hospital service
at once began a vigorous war on ths
mosquito of the variety known as
Stegomyla fasciata. which transmits
disease. A recent report to the hospital
says: "The almost total absence of
mosquitoes in any portion of the city
is the subject of remark among citi
zens. Laredo never before saw ths
time when it was so clear of the string
ing, disease carrying pest as now. This
time last year mosquitoes swarmed all
over the city. It was absolutely neces
sary to sleep under a bar to obtain any
rest. Now the citizens say they do not
think of using a bar." ,^ ,,
This improved condition Is attributed
entirely to the work of the hospital
service, which has had men employed
for nearly a year In the work of de
stroying the mosquito pest.
At the request of some of the grand
jurors. Assistant District Attorney
Rand this afternoon wrote to counsel
for "Nan" Patterson, asking that she
be permitted to testify before the
Grand Jury and explain her case. Her
counsel replied that they would not
allow her to go before the Grand Jury.
NEW YORK, June 9.— Describing the
man who had purchased from him the
revolver with which 'Caesar" Young
was shot to death last Saturday morn
ing, H. Stern, a pawnbroker, gave a
complete description of J. , Morgan
Smith, who is married to a sister of
"Nan" Patterson.
Smith has disappeared and a warrant
of attachment was issued for him to
night by Judge Newburger.
Stern has done much to assist the po
lice in dispelling the mystery surround
ing the death of Young, and though he
has had no opportunity to confront J.
Morgan Smith, it is conceded that his
testimony is of a convincing nature.
His identification of the weapon with
which Young was shot is absolute. He
has seen a picture" of Young, and with
out hesitation he announced that it is
not a likeness of the man who bought
the revolver.
Stern made two attempts to identify
"Nan" Patterson as a woman who was
present when the purchase was made,
but he was unab.fe to do so. But when
he described thfe' man who made the
purchase It became apparent that he
was referring to J. Morgan Smith, or a
person greatly like him. "**
Thomas Meagher, a driver for Fran
cis H. Lieggett, wholesale grocer, is a
witness who has been kept in reserve
and in silence by District Attorney Je
rome. He will appear before the Grand
Jury to-morrow. He saw the cab in
which the tragedy occurred and all
that happened before the shooting. He
says "Nan" Patterson, sitting on the
left of Young, was turned Jialf around
in the cab. Her left arm -vas thrown
around Young's neck and she was
leaning forward as though about to
press her lips to his. /
This position would make it possi
ble for the woman to have brought a
revolver up with her right hand and
into a position so a3 tn deliver a bullet
which would cause just such a wound
us killed Young.
Special Dbrateh to The Call
Minister Says It Is Im
possible to Estimate Dam
age in Sassoun District
"Naiv ? Patterson's Counsel
Refuses to Permit Her to
Go Before the Grand Jury
Earl Percy Claims Commer
cial Spirit Is Cause .of
Cruelties in Free State
MANY PERSONS KILLED
Health Officers Make War
on Insect to Stop Yellow
Fevier Epidemic at Laredo
PEST SPREADS DISEASE
HOLDS US RESPONSIBLE
HE HAS DISAPPEARED
Co-operation of Great Brit
ain and This Country Is
Desired by Dilke, Radical
Unwilling to Admit
That He Wanted
to Wed Her.
Delcasse Makes Statement
About Investigation by
French Consul in Armenia
Declares He Had Not
Visited Her for
Some Time.
Purchase;* of Weapon That
Slew "Caesar" Young Re
sembled J. Morgan Smith
Report to Marine Hospital
Service Apparently Proves
Theory of Its Physicians
POLICE TRACE
THE REVOLVER
DEPUTIES HEAR
OF ATROCITIES
CONGO AFFAIRS
ARE DISCUSSED
MRS. EVELYN PITTMAN IS SHOCKED
AT CAPTAIN F. W. WILD'S TRAGIC END
DEATH CARRIED
BY MOSQUITOES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, VERHJAV; JUNE ¦¦ 10, 1904
3
V; ;_ ADVERTISEMENTS.
4'StpasMr
/
/
¦" * Facts are stubborn things. They forrfran argument that *is unanswer-
able, convincing and positive.
-We do the largest business in our line of any store west of Chicago.
No store in San Francisco sells anywhere near the amount' of clothing ,we do.
In our men's ready-made clothing department we require three times
the number of salesmen that are similarly employed in any other store. This
is an actual fact. And it means that we actually sell the most clothing. Our
salesmen are busy all day long.
Why is, this ?. People will buy where they can get the most for their
money. Just as water seeks its level,. the public will look for and patronize
that stcre which gives -them full value for their money and treats them with
just consideration."
- The public has, sought our store — they "have been pleased. That's why
we are doing the clothing business of San Francisco. 1-
Summer sack suit?, medium and light weight, bright surnmery patterns;
coats made with concave shoulder?, /elongated lapels, close fitting neck, and
narrow collar; hand tailored garments ; the same quality sells in other stores
for $12 50; our price is 58 50.
Light covert top coats in swell shades of tan, cut with the latest style
shouiciers, lapel and collar; $12.50 is the real value, based upon what you
would pay elsewhere ; our price is $8.50. ; vrV-
Each garment bears our guarantee. Repairing free of charge. Money
back to any customer who wants it.
Mail orders filled — In ordering, state chest, waist and
length measurement.
740 Flflrkct Street. "* - *
ADVXBTTSKlTENTa.
, New Trunks
Our line of Trunks. Traveling
Bags and Dress Suit Cases is now
complete. We carry everything
that's new and up-to-date. If you
are in need of anything in our line
call and see us. You will be sure
to find what you want.
A. B. SMITH CO.
128 Ellis Street, Above Powell.
CASTOR I A
For Infanta and Children.
fhs Kind You Haie Always Bought
Signature of C/or>S??fy /<£6&/u44
In tea, Schilling's Best is by
no means the costlie >t tea ; it's
a matter of taste. Of the fine
kinds, the one you like best
is your tea.
' Your grocer's; moneyback."Have something" is good, have a Uttln
"Old Gilt Edge whiskey" U batter— puts the
"right edge" on your hospitality. Wlchman,
Latren & Co., 28-31 Battery St.. 8. F. •
MADISON, Wis., June 9. — Benjamin
Ide Wheeler, president of" the Univer
sity of California, to-day received the
degree of doctor of laws from the Uni
versity of Wisconsin.
BENJAMIN IDE WHEELER .
IS HONORED IN THE EAST
AMHERST, Mass., June 9.— Prank
Bowen Morris of San Francisco. Cal.. is
one of the eleven Westerners who will
receive the bachelor of arts degree at
Amherst College at commencement.
June 29. Morris is one of the leading
society men' of the. college and promi
nent in class affairs. He has been as
signed a commencement part.
San Franciscan One of the Eleven
Westerners to Win Honors at
Amherst.
BACHEIjOR OP ARTS DEGREE
FOR FRANK BOWEN MORRIS
New Jersey Court of Pardons Re
fuses to Interfere With Sen
tence of Death.
NEW YORK; June 9.— For the first
time in forty years a woman has been
•loomed in New Jersey through the re
fusal of the Court of Pardons to inter
fere with her death on the gallows for
murder. Mrs. Anna Valentine, who
killed Mrs. Rosie Salza at Lodi, N. J.,
last March, will be executed on June 16
at Hackensack, N. J. At the trial Mrs.
Valentine confessed her crime and said
in open court she wds ready to die.
lAXXA VALENTINE MUST
J * PAY PENALTY OP CRIME
j Arrangements Being Made for Thrill
ing Ride From Albuquerque to St.
Louis Fair Grounds.
ALBUQUERQUE. N. M., June 9.—
F. H. Leland, a veteran cavalry man,
i and William Closson, a well-known
{ cowboy of this section, are organizing
J a 1200-mile relay race for cowboys,
! open for riders in New Mexico and Ari
; zona, with the starting point in Albu-
I querque and the- finish at the gates of
the World's Fair grounds in St. Louis.
: The nurse will be $1500 and will be
i offered by New Mexico cattlemen.
ENDURANCE OF COWBOYS
TO BE TESTED IN RACE
SANTA CRUZ. June 9.— The com
mencement exercises of the Santa Cruz
High School were held this evening in
the Congregational church. An inter
gstins programme was rendered.
Commencement at Santa Cruz.
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES
DECLARED LIABLE Bi' FIFEIl
Commissioner Holds That Carriers
Are ResiKjnsible for Full Damages
to Fruit. Despite Valuation.
WASHINGTON, June 9.— The Inter
state Commerce Commission 'to-day, in
an opinion by Commissioner Fifer, an
nounced its decision in the case of the
Georgia Peach Growers' Association
against the Atlantic Coast Line Rail
road Company and others involving
the liability of the carrier for dam
age to fruit through negligence.
The commission holds that the
transportation companies are respon
sible for the damage to fruit to the
full amount of injury sustained, with
out regard to the valuation placed
on it. i
TIBETANS ATTACK BRITISH
POST AND ARE REPULSED
English Suffer Loss of One Man, a
Sepoy, in Defense of Station at
Kangna. '•/;'' ¦¦>.-
GYANGTSE.* Tibet. June 9.—.
Eleven hundred Tibetans attacked
the British post at Kangna, on the
road to Lhassa, with great ferocity
yesterday. They were repulsed, the
British loss being one Sepoy killed
and several wounded. The Tibetans
bombard Gyangtse daily.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK. June 9.— The following
Californians have arrived here: From
San Francisco — Miss Berry and Mrs. J.
L. Berry, at the Albemarle; H. Huber
and wife, at the Union Square, and
Miss E. D. Patton, at the Albemarle.
From Santa Rosa— C. Donovan, at the
Imperial. From Los Angeles— D. E.
Stanton, at the Gerard, and Mrs. W.
Wesscher, at \he Grand Hotel.
To Visit Del *Monte.
The K&rdens, drives, sports and general at
tractions of Del Monte have made it one of the
show places of the world. Pint-class tickets
between San Francisco and Los Angeles,, either
way, with two days' ' entertainment at this fa
mous hotel, only- $22: children's rate. $14 60.
Privilege of thirty dayV atop-over.. Ask
Southern Pacific agents. •
T. A. and Hosea Wood for a new trial
end sentence will be pronounced next
Tuesday. The Woods were convicted
of conspiracy to defraud the Govern
ment.
•Judge Bellineer Denies the Motion for
a New Trial In the Woods Con
trary Cases.
PORTLAND, Or., June 9. — Judge
Bellinger to-day denied the motion of
VERDICT OF CONVICTION
WILL NOT BE BET ASIDE
MRS. PHIPPS TAKES STEPS
TO RECOVER HER CHILDREN
Attorney Rogers Makes Effort to Re
• oi»en I*roceedings Giving Little
Ones to Father.
DENVER, Colo., June 9.— Attorney
Platt Rogers, representing Mrs. Gen
evieve Chandler Phipps, to-day filed in
the District Court • a petition for the
reopening of the ex parte hearing at
which Judge Peter L. Palmer appointed
her husband, Laurence C. Phipps, cus
todian of their two children, whom he
took away from her recently in New-
York. At the ex parte hearinsr Mrs.
Phipps was not represented by her at
torney, who received no notification of
the steps then taken. Mrs. Phipps is
expected to arrive in Denver to-mor
row.
his wife and six children reside, was
caught in the machinery of a traction
engine at a logging camp fifty miles
from Redding yesterday afternoon and
sustained injuries from which he died
a few hours later.
Joseph Menne of Stockton Is Fatally
Injured While at Work in Log
ging Camp Near Redding.
STOCKTON, June 9. — Joseph
Menne, a resident of this city, where
CRUSHED TO DEATH
BY TRACTION ENGINE
TACOMA, June 9.— Rev. Peter Rowe,
Episcopal Bishop of Alaska, became
lost in March on an Alaska trail and
for three days was forced to live on
wild rabbits. The story of his experi
ence reached here to-day from Fair
bank, Alaska.
Bishop Rowe was en route from Ta
nana district to Valdes, along the sea
coast. He started out with Mail Car
rier Karsten and one companion. The
snow was deep, making the trip hard
on both dogs and drivers. They were
the first to go over the new, mall route
which runs down Golcona Valley to
Copper River. They got off the trail
one day and thereby missed Mall Car
rier Foyne,. inbound, whom they ex
pected to meet-'.vith provisions. When
they got hack on the trail Foyne had
passed. This necessitated three days'
diet .on such rabbits as they could kill.
At the end. of that, time they reached a
mining camp and obtained food. Car
rier Karsten says Bishop Rowe proved
himself a prince of travelers, never
once complaining. '
JURY REFUSES TO BLAME
BASS FOR CERVERA'S DEATH
Returns Verdict of Homicide and
Leaves Prosecuting Attorney Task
of Fixing Crime.
STi LOUIS. June 9.— The Coroner's
Jury, which investigated the killing of
Manuel Cervera, the Spanish bullfight
er, who was shot by E. Carleton Bass,
another matador, returned an opinion
of homicide, leaving the question of
responsibility under the law with the
Prosecuting Attorney's office. Bass
was returned to jail.
One of the witnesses at the inquest
was Cervera's widow, who testified
strongly in support of Bass' statement
¦that Cervera attacked him first with
a butcher knife.
ADVERTISING THE STATE
BY HOSTS OF. ENVELOPES
California Promotion Committee Re
quests Merchants to Assist in the
Dissemination of Information.
The California Promotion Committee
wants 250 merchants of San Francisco
each to order 10,000 envelopes advertis
ing the State. These envelopes will be
sold complete at $1 a thousand and will
be brought direct from the factory in
carload lots. They are of a first-class
quality of band paper and have statis
tics of California products printed on
the back. The merchant's business
card is printed on the front of the en
velope.
In this way 2,500,000 of these en
velopes will be circulated all over the
United States. The California Promo
tion Committee has already distributed
350,000 envelopes, which have promoted
inquiries in regard to California from
such far away countries, as -South
Africa and New Zealand, while hun
dreds have j come from Hawaii ..and
Canada and still more from the East
ern States.
Bitten by Her Landlord.
Mary Whelan, 65 years of age, was
treated yesterday at the Emergency
Hospital by Dr. Emmel for a lacerated
wound o,n her arm.
The woman said that her husband,
Michael Whelan, and herself were ten
ants of Patrick Foley at 725 Natoma
street until last Wednesday night,
when they signified their intention of
moving away on the following day. v
Foley demanded the keys of the house.
The old couple declined to give these
up until new quarters could be secured.
This refusal led to a row between
Foley and Whelan. Wlfelike, Mrs.
Whelan went to the assistance of her
husband. Then Foley turned on her
and sank his teeth into her arm, lacer
ating the flesh and drawing blood. In
retaliation, Whelan seized a hammer
and smote Foley on the head. .This
ended the fight.:
Aged Woman Missing.
Mrs. Julia Keil, an aged German
woman, is missing from her home, 312
Eleventh street. She -was found on
Golden Gate avenue late Wednesday
night by. Patrolman Gleason and taken
to the Emergency Hospital. Yester
day morning she was allowed to go, as
she appeared rational and said she
could' find her ; way home.* Her .rela
tives say she has not been seen since.
STOCKTON. June 9. — The Western
Pacific Railroad, which secured fran
chises on Ophir street and Hazelton
avenue in this city, now proposes to
abandon the franchises. Instead it
•will ask for a franchise to run a line
through the western part of the city
over Monroe street, bridging Stockton
end Mormon channels.
Intends to Ask City Council for New
Right of Way Through the
Streets of Stockton.
WESTERN PACIFIC ROAD
TO ABANDON FRANCHISES
Washing-ton Hatf a Kumor
That the Marylahder Is to
Get Editor's Delegates
Special Dispatch to The Call
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON. June 9.— The most in
teresting gossip in political circles to
day was a story that at the proper mo
ment William R. Hearst will swing his
delegates to Senator Gorman; that
Guffey will switch Pennsylvania; that
Tammany will start a revolt of cheer
ing for Gorman and that New Jersey
will fall into line with Maryland and
West Virginia. One of Senator Gor
man's close friends Is quoted as saying:
"I cannot verify the report, but it
does not seem improbable. The late
Senator Hearst was a devoted friend
and admirer of Senator Gorman and
the young man himself has frequently
sought the advice of Senator Gorman
in his political movements."
Hearst is building for the future. The
theory is that by allying himself with
Tammany against Judge Parker he is
not only seeking revenge, but is mak
ing friends with Tammany, with Gor
man and with Guffey for the future.
The combination, if effected, would
give Senator Gorman about 250 votes
on the first ballot, not to speak of pres
tige of the backing of such leaders as
Guffey, Murphy and Hearst.
Steel Magnate Passes Away.
ATLANTIC CITY. N. J.. June 9.—
John Munhall of Pittsburg, one of the
founders of the United States Steel
Corporation, died here to-day, aged 71
years.
GIVES UP ALL HOPE
OF SETTLING TROUBLE
Mayor Williams' of Stockton Unable to
Straighten Out the Water Front
Difficulty. - ,• ;
STOCKTON, June 9.— Mayor \W,ill
iams has given up all hope, of settling
the water front difficulties. For three
days he has been having conferences
with both sides, and this morning he
was sent a communication by the Mill
ers' and Warehousemen's Association
to the effect that the organization "did
not deem it advisable at the time to re
consider its position regarding the em
ployment of labor."
This is the final disposition of the
"liquor cases" of the United States
vs. Luydies and the United States vs.
Wile. Both defendants were importers
of French cordials and the cases grew
out of a dispute with the French Gov
ernment as to the construction of the
reciprocal arrangement negotiated un
der section 3 of the Dingley tariff act.
WASHINGTON, . June 9. — Secretary
of the Treasury Shaw to-day rendered
a decision by which cordials and
liquors imported from France will
come in without further contention at
the lower rate of duty, together with
brandies and spirits, in accordance
with the reciprocal arrangement with
the French Government.
dials Can Be Admitted at Lower
Rate of Duty.
Holds That French Liquors and Cor-
SHAW DECIDES DISPUTE
OVER TARIFF AGREEMENT
McKenna Is District Judge.
WASHINGTON, June 9. — The
President to-day appointed Charles
F. "McKenna of Pittsburg to be Dis
trict Judge of Porto Rico. : ;,
BUSINESS MEN COMPLAIN
OF THE INSURANCE RATES
Appeal to Public Bodies of British
Columbia, Alleging That Charges
Are Extortionate.
VANCOUVER. B. C, June 9.— The
business men of Vancouver, Westmins
ter and Victoria are appealing to pub
lic bodies to use their influence to pro
tect them from alleged exorbitant fire
rates. The insurance companies raised
the rates owing to the Baltimore and
Toronto fires.
DESPOXDEXT WIDOWER
TAKES HIS OWX LIFE
Leonard Schwan. an Elderly Man,
Commits Suicide at Santa Rosa
By Means of Poison.
SANTA* ROSA, June 9.— Leonard
Schwan, aged 73 years, committed sui-
*cide this forenoon by swallowing
strychnine. He had been a resident of
Santa Rosa for more than 30 years.
His wife died several months ago, and
since then he has been despondent.
It was finally decided by the party
leaders to avoid all reference to the
question, and so thoroughly t w as this
plan carried out that no committee on
resolutions was appointed and" no plat
form was presented to the convention.
The delegates to the national con
vention are: Joseph Monson, George
C. Whitmore, former Senators Frank
J. Cannon and Joseph L. Rawlins, S.
A. King and Simon Bamberger.
D. H. Peery Jr., a young mining man
of Salt Lake, was elected national com
mitteeman from Utah after a sharp
tisht. Judge O. W. Powers being his
chief opponent. .
SALT LAKE CITY, Utah, June 7.—
The six delegates from Utah to the Na
tional Democratic Convention will go
uninstructed. Four of the six, it is
understood, are against Hearst, with a
leaning toward Parker as first choice.
Two • delegates probably will support
Hearst.
For some time before the Democratic
State Convention, which met to-day, it
seemed almost certain that a bitter
factional fight would be waged over
the question of instructions or no in
structions to the national delegates
with reuard to the polygamy question.
One faction, led by Brigham H. Rob
erts, was outspoken in its demands
that thfr delegates should be explicitly
instructed to fight any anti-polygamy
plauk in the national platform. An
other faction strongly favored the
adoption. ota plank in the State'plat
form similar to that adopted by the
Idaho Democratic Convention, de
manding that the Federal Government
take into its own hands the suppression
of polygamy.
Misses Trail and for Three
.Days He and His Compan
ion Subsist on Babbits
Mormon State Sends Six Un
instructed Delegates to the
Convention at St. Louis
SAN JOSE, June 9. — A murderous
asault was made last evening upon
Joe Roboso, a junkman, by two strang
ers at the corner of the Alameda
and St. Mary street. Roboso was on
his way home when two men ' ap
proached him, one of whom struck
him on the head with a club, inflicting
an ugly wound. No attempt was made
to rob «fcim and the cause of the at
tack is a mystery.
Home and Beat Him on the
Head With a Club.
Two Strangers Attack Him Near Ills
MURDEROUS ASSAULT
IS MADE OX A JUXKMAN
BISHOP LOSES
WAY IN ALASKA
MEN FROM UTAH
FREE TO CHOOSE
Bcloct Candidates for Supervisors and
Ilrnominate F. M. We^er for .
Assembl y man.
UKIAH. June 9— The Democratic
County Convention met here to-day and
renominated F. M. W'eger for As
eemblyman from the Sixtieth District
and D. H. Lawson. M. L. Gibson, H. D.
Rowe and John Flanagan for Super
visors in their respective districts.
Resolutions indorsing Congressman
Bell were adopted.
MEXDOCIXO DEMOCRATS ¦
MEET IN* CONVENTION*
The military authorities are credited
with saying that when the Burns in
junction is sued for an attempt will be
made to arrest Burns himself on the
criminal charge that he .incited riot. It
is not claimed that there is ground for
an accusation that- Burns ' personally
incited a riot, the implication being
that he should be held partly respon
sible for the recent troubles at Cripple
Creek, because he maintained the union
by giving employment to union miners.
Burns, it is further reported, will
also ask that the military be with
drawn from the vicinity of his property
in Victor and that he be allowed to
protect his men when they go back to
w^jrk.
James F. Burns, president of the
Portland Company, is in Denver and is
closeted with his attorneys, who, it is
said, are preparing papers which will
be filed in the United States Circuit
Court, asking for a restraining order to
prevent further interference upon the
part of the State military authorities
with the operation of the Portland
mine.
The Portland Gold Mining Company
being a foreign corporation, incorporat
ed under the la'ws of Iowa, it is claimed
by eminent lawyers that any act af
fecting it may be reviewed by the
United States courts.
DENVER, Colo., June 9.— The closing
of the Portland mine at Victor by or
der of Adjutant General Sherman M.
Bell will be probably the means of
reaching the Federal courts with a case
to test the power of\Governor Peabody
to vest in the military absolute power
in the district declared to be under
martial law.
Portland Company Will Give Legal
Battle to the 'Military.
APPEAL TO FEDERAL COURTS.
The watershed tributary to the Bar
rett rc-servoir has the greatest rain
fall of any rection snutn or San Fran
cisco. and with the system completed
there will be ample water supply for
a city several tim'es the size of San
Diego. The average rainfall in that
section is about forty inches a year.
Thousands of acres of agricultural land
will be brought under irrigation and
the towns of National City. Chula Vista
and Otay will be supplied. The an
rouncement that this cornpletion work
lt= to go forward at once and as rapidly
as possible is regarded as one of the
preatept events in the development of
Ban Dieso.
SAN DIEGO. June 9.— Announcement
nas made here this afternoon that the
work of completing the water system
of the California Mountain Water Com
pany.of which John D. Spreckels of
San Francisco is president, will be be
gun immediately. This system already
consists of two large reservoirs, the
lower Otay and the upper Otay dams,
¦» hich impound many billions of gallons
of water, and the work remaining to
be done consists of constructing the
Barrett dam at Morena, the building
of the conduit to carry the water from
there to the lower Otay dam and the
laying of the pipe line from Bonita to
this city. The cost of tne work now to
b*> undertaken will be more than $2,000,
009.
LOS ANGELES, June 9. — The au
thorities at Bakersfield are searching
for Alexander Pontan. recently a cook
here, who is believed to be the mur
derer of J. A. Valentine, a mining ex
pert, whose body was found In a cabin
near Callente.
A letter from E. B. Kersey, post
mistress at Plute, was received to-day
by H. Yarnell, a local mining man. In
this letter the writer states that Pon
tan and another man hired a livery
rig at Mojave last week and were seen
to stop at the Sixteen-mile House.
A year ago Alexander . Pontan and
Ike Bryson, son of Millionaire John
Bryson of Los Angeles, made a trip to
the same mining claim visited with
fatal results by Valentine. On that
trip, according to Bryson, Pontan
played the part of a maniac, compell
ing Bryson at the point of a revolver
to make a wild drive of several hours
through the rugged mountain region.
Fipally the horses ran away, the rig
was smashed and in the general mix
up Bryson escaped.
was regarded as well to
dp, owning mines In this State, Arizona
and New Mexico. He also owned an
interest In the Arizona properties of
S. D. Crinshaw Brothers of New York.
The mother and a sister of the de
ceased are said to reside in Prior.
Kans.
J. Carpenter, friend and business
associate of Valentine, left for Cal
iente, the scene of the murder, this
afternoon, accompanied by a detective
of the local police force.
HEARST'S PACT
WITH GORMAN
1 VICTOR^ Colo., June 9. — The commis
sion appointed by General Bell to in
quire into ! the records of the miners
under arrest reported to him to-day a
list of ninety-seven union miners with
the recommendation that they be de
ported. General. Bell accepted the re
port .and announced/ that the men
would be sent out of Teller County as
soon as a special train could be ar
ranged for.
It was Intended early in the day to
begin the deportations at once, but the
raid on the Portland mine and smaller
affairs kept the military busy, and
General Bell at 7 o'clock this evening
said there would be no deportations
to-night. It is said, however, that they
will begin to-morrow and continue until
all of the men whom the mine owners
consider objectionable are out of the
district.
VICTOR, Colo.. June 9. — In a blood
less assault made by 150 militiamen and
deputies, led by Adjutant General
Sherman M. Bell, on the Portland mine
to-day, the mine wag indefinitely
closed, to be reopened later on terms
which will prevent any workmen ob
taining employment - without present
ing satisfactory working cards from
the Mine Owners' Association. :General
Bell says the mine was closed because
of "military necessity," &e the m«jn
working in it were contributing to the
support of the strikers. ¦'¦-
The general and his force marched
up to the mine, took possession, read
the proclamation concerning the pres
ent disposition of the mine and then
left with the employes of the company
in charge of the plant. Following the
closing of the Portland it was an
nounced that the mines will begin to
reopen to-morrow, the non-union mines
first and the others later, and that busi
ness is to be resumed in the district at
once. All miners who want work must
first secure a working card' from the
Mine Owners' Association.
It was arranged that twenty-four of
the Portland's employes should be left
in charge to guard the property and
keep necessary parts running, and
General Bell assured the superintend
ent that he would furnish all the
guards ncessary to help protect the
mine.
Suspect Is Wanted in Con
nection With Killing of
Mining Expert Valentine
Thousands of Acres of Agri
cultural Land Will Be
Brought Under Irrigation
ERA OF DEVELOPMENT
Will Be. Shipped Out of Vic
tor on a Special Train
The Mining Exchange Hall is being
used as a "bullpen" in addition to the
Victor Armory. Armed deputies are
perched in the galleries ¦ of the ex
change, the prisoners occupying the pit
of the call room. Several guards are
at the door, each carrying repeating
shotguns that contain buckshot. Fam
ilies and wives of the prisoners besieged
the place in an endeavor to see and
have a talk with the men incarcerated.
CUIPPLE CREEK, Colo.. June 9.—
"Death to * unionism in the Cripple
Creek District," is the new slogan of
the Citizens' Alliance, which has sent
a decree broadcast that every person
connected' with any union here must
either sever his or her connection with
such organization or leave the dis
trict. No person who works fpr a liv
ing will be exempt and the absolute
annihilation of unionism in this county
will be attempted.
Two committees, composed of mem
bers of the Citizens' AUiance, started
out with identical forms of agreement
to secure signatures. With two excep
tions all business houses visited signed
through authoritative representatives,
the agreement reads:
"We, the undersigned merchants of
the Cripple Creek District and em
ployers of help, hereby agree not to
employ help of any kind that is In
any way connected with the trades as
sembly or the American Federation of
Labor, or the Western Federation of
Miners, or kindred organizations."
Every clerk employed in stores on
Bennett avenue, the principal, street,
belongs to some union, but all will be
required to surrender their cards, ac
cording to agreement made by their
employers.
SECOND "BULLPEN" IN USE.
Marshal Naylor and his squad cap
tured George Fridley to-day near Canon
City and returned with him to Victor.
He Is charged with having killed Roxie
McGee In Victor on Monday and with
having attempted to shoot C. C. Ham
lin, secretary of the Mine Owners' As
sociation, when he was addressing the
mass meeting in Victor Monday.
. A party of twenty mounted deputies
which left this morning for the vicinity
of Beaver Creek in search of a number
of men who were reported to have fled
in that direction after yesterday's fight
at Dunnville. returned here with sev
eral prisoners. The identity of the
prisoners has not yet been disclosed.
Coroner George Hall, who succeeded
Coroner James Doran, who resigned
under compulsion, to-day impaneled a
new jury, which will hold an inquest
over the men murdered at Independ
ence with an infernal machine.
In moet cases permission was denied.
Five of the six members ot the Gold
field City Council are in the "bullpen,"
so that the town is without a legisla
tive body.
The Committee of Safety has made a
demand upon District Attorney Trow
bridge that he remove his deputy, J. C.
Cole, and that S. D. Crump be appoint
ed to fill the vacancy. So far no reply
has been' received from Trowbridge.
S. D. Crump, whom the committee ask
ed to have appointed, is the attorney
for the Mine Owners' Association.
Sheriff Edward Bell to-day appointed
L. F. Parsons of Cripple Creek Under
Sheriff of Teller County. The appoint
ment was confirmed by the County
Commissioners at once. Parsons is
secretary of the Cripple Creek Citizens'
AUiance and has been for the past
four years secretary of the Cripple
Creek Mining Exchange."
INQUEST .JURY IMPANELED.
DEOPS OUT OF SIGHT
Authorities at Bakersfield
Are Searching for Alex
Pontan of Los Angeles
Nintey-Seven Miners Are
Condemned to Prompt
Deportation.
Claims That It Is Aiding the
Strikers by Employing 7
Union Miners.
General Bell Compels Fa
mous Portland Mine to
Close.
System of the California
Mountain Company to Be
Completed Without Delay
Annihilation of Labor Organizations in the Dis
turbed Mining District of Colorado Will
Be Attempted by Citizens' Alliance.
WATER SUPPLY
FOR SAN DIEGO
BELIETE COOK
IS MURDERER
CRIPPLE CREEK'S EMPLOYERS OF LABOR
PLEDGE THEMSELVES TO BAR ALL UNION MEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO XALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 10, 100*.
4
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Eastern
Excursions
DATES — June 15, 16, 22, 23.
July 1, 2, 7, 8, 13, 14.
August 8, g, 10, 18, 19.
September 5, 6, 7. 8.
October 3, 4, 5, 6.
LIMITS — Good going on day
of sale, with stopover \east
of California; transit limit
10 days. Good 90 days for
return; stopover anywhere.
SEE GRAND CANYON
ROUTES — Santa Fe and con-
nections going. Different
route returning if desired.
RATES—
St. Louis and return $67.50
Chicago $7250
New York " - $108.50
Boston " $109.50
Philadelphia " $107.50
And other Eastern Points.
These rates for direct lines.
TRAINS— Tickets are good
on all Santa Fe trains,
including the California
Limited semi-weekly.
ASK US.
SA.HTA FS OFFICE — 641 Market St.
OAKLAND— 1112 Broadway.
EEEKELEY — Santa F* Depot.
SANTA FE IS THE WAY.
/'PATENTS' "3
MARKET ST. « F^SS^
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB DAMIAKA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy: given health tad
RreoffUi to sexual organs. Dejiot. S23 Market.
TO MEET THE POPULAR ¦
DEMAND.
The CALL again offers to 'Sun-
day want ad. patrons .
THE PERFECT CAX OPENER
An unexcelled premium.
The latest and most Improved
article of this kind on
the market.
• GIFTS GIVEN TO-DAY
to want advertisers In
SUND AY. EDITION. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
(Summer Vests
1 Iff Light wash vests are all the go this summer.
| You see them worn by all the good dressers.- .
I If you buy here you will get stylish, good-
I fitting vests and save from 50c to $1.00 on .every
1 garment. We make the vests in our own wbrk-
I shops — that's why we can save you money.
I Our assortment comprises >g«&^ N
1 the newest materials, such as J3V9&S&
I piques, marseilles, mattings, «gjf§BJlSB|a
I linens and mercerized,fabrics §li?©^§|^
1 in the plain shades of white, %'. l#ffi
I tan, silver, oxford, gun metal '%dp*;'"#\
i and chocolate; also in the H^- ; "/ W
[a Out-of-town orders filled — write us. i^^^agg^grt^a:v'j|i&^8k
I .... 740 Market Street. J^^^^^l!^^^^
ADVZBTISEME2JT3.
CLots of people do good
work, but mighty few do
work just right.
C.Lots of breakfast foods
satisfy hunger.
CBut only "FORCE"
keeps you always at your
level best.
These miracles worked by proper diet
are to easy to perform that few appreciato
them.
Just as 1 test — try "FORCE" for a
straight two weeka^ eating a liberal por-
tion with every meal, and cote its effect 1
" FORCE " is rich in the Nitrogen and
Phosphates of Whole Wheat, malted with
Barley into ready digestibility.
Tough business problem* are easily
•olved by men who eat " FORCE."
TOOTH
HINTS*£
Do you wish to test
jfiP^HSjifr JB^K? Do you wish to hav»
¥t£*. y r r"''^y^ . x£jtiQr your dental work done
\PSM^44*i, j by a competent den-
Pg||r«"«£jW tist at ihe*> price.":
rial* " ?<jf AmnUam fillinsrs all
"v5»sifs< o ° S ' d * "¦°™* > " w * n
J /K^ If »o call on
£V Dr. A. L. Simpson
X£i~^i£l) 1206 Market Street
|&3j^AFETY
REGULAR PRICE $2.00.
MY PRICE...
$i.5O
I. have sets of Star Safety Razors
up to *i»5.OO-
OTHEB RAZORS, as low as
SI .OO.
POCKET KNIVES, good ones, in
tstandard makes. Sl.Oi).
Two bars "Williams' 10c Shaving
Soap, 15c
Mail Orders Promptly riUad.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. "W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 MARKET ST., San Francisco.
0 visit DR. JORDAN'S cat at 0
itaUSEUS! OF fiBATOMY'
Q Q) 1651 If AS2II- SS. tat 5:a*7£. 3.7.Cj1. A
K X^f Ti»e Lwceit Anatomical Mmeum in th* ¦.
V fltyr b dun*. >nHliflj rmmA ny ike sljest *
0 I SjC I !>P«oaiMt oa ib< Cum:. Etc. 36 yein. O
A fljfJFl 0R * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN Q
0 m I*t*i a Trwtment prrionaliy mt bv Irtrrr. A A
\ fl W Mm '•""•• f" 1 " erery ea-!« unii*Tt»k en. V
dP'l \V V.-ritefoT n-^ck. rmi.Q<l«PaVaf ,A
V ' a '• ainnnti:. mailed fkss. 1 a \
A j . Tiluable book (or mrn) jk
V »n. JORDAN 4fc«'©.. 1CS1 Market St.. a r. ('
affe fi f\ Ml B"at Outfits. Guns. Amauni- ¦
Bl j?i eiMal tlo ». Fishing and uui.n,-
B II fclV'J Rdf O^oJs. Tents and Gur.« lu
¦ laUBIfitf I'-'" 1 CATALOG KKKK. .
BJ fl I V fl I SHRBVE * BARBER CO
" ".¦-","¦ 1i\t Market «t..
521 Kaarny mt.. S. If.
Schools and- Colleges,
UEADIXG BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
WEST.
24 Post »t.. San Francisco. Cal.
Estab. 40 years. Open entire year, day and nlzht.
Write for SO-pige cataloj^je {tree).
<ew Quarters — More Space
riHSB 3OOM3.
Just moved Into our new rooms; new flre-
>roof bulHlnft. 3 ' elevators, electric lixhc
rteam h«at. Do more for student* than ever
)«rore. This Is the college that secure* so
nany positions.
San Francisco Business College.
733 Mission St., Near Third.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day *ehoo! for younr ladies and
Ittle rtrls. 2120 California street. Will reopen
\u000e 1 1904. Accredited to the universities.
REV. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M. Principal.
i&.yjunm 1 pw.r"J Is the moat praoti-
P/vjnT»5nWk<^TjkJtuip^ cal; recommended
fffi j fffLrfjflfljliiJikilJu jA by expert court re-
EoHtSKEffjllTl&Q porters. Send fir
fcSSSEjDiMiSS Catalogue. 13^
Egr3 Market St.. S. F.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
. IRVINOTON. CALIFORNIA,
; Holds pre-eminently the confidence of 1U pa-
trons and the loyalty of Its pupils.
WILXJAM WALKER ANDERSON. Principal.
llftlTTIO b«giM Aujr. Oth; larger and
HI IN 'tronger faculty than ever:
1 1 U I 1 I U perfect sanitation; Ulus-
trated catalcjrue. vv . J.
MEREDITH. Vice Principal. Menlo Pax*. Cal.
Hitchcock Military Academy
SAN RAFAEL. CAL.
WILL. REOPEN OB Aujcust 1<L 1\
Apply to Oa PrtnciMLRepublicans AVill Give a Banquet.
t . SAN JOSE, June 9.— The Union
CHICAGO.- June 0.— Dr. Cleland B. McAfee,
pastor .of the Forty-flrst Street Presbyterian
Cliurch, has accepted a call to become \ the
pastor of the Lafayette Park Church at Brook
fyn at a salary of $10,000.' • _
RICHMOND, Va., June 9.— The Dem
ocratic Convention to-night . ; elected
Senators, Daniel and Martin, 1 Governor
Montague and A. C. Brayton delegates
at large to the St. Louis; convention.
The delegation Is for Parker.
Virginia Names Delegates.
Mart V. Powell Is Hanged.
PARAGOULD, Ark., June 9. — Mart
V. Powell, an aged white man, was
hanged - here this afternoon for the
murder of . F." G. Lovejoy.
CHICO, June 9.— Leslie Roades and
Jules Perkins, young men who recent
ly arrived here . from Mountain Mea
dows, Lassen County, were arrested
here to-day on charges of robbery, it
is claimed that they robbed an old man
of $500 at Susanville. '
Accused of Robbing an Old Man.
The News Letter sparkles with wit
and humor, sarcasm and bon mots from
cover to cover. •
The Hearst cartoon this. week- Is enti
tled. 'The Disappointed Pirate,V and the
poetic effusion accompanying this car
toon is. deserving of more than a pass
ing notice. . The custom of Jury bribing
in San Francisco is Riven a severe hand
ling, and the cas*> of Caesar Younir is re
ferred to in a way that will result in a
proper appreciation of racetrack cus-
toms.
Your Sins, My Lord, Have Come Home!
This is the title of a scorching article
on a prominent bank president in San
Francisco. It will please the public to
rind that this stanch weekly, the News
better, shows no favoritism to any one,
be he high or low. rich or poor, when It
comps to exposing dishonesty and cun
ninc
SAN BERNARDINO, June 9. —
James Sheerer, who sued T. J. Flem
ing, the manager of the Oro Grande
quarry to recover $15,000 damages
for injuries sustained through the pre
mature discharge of a blast of sev
enteen kegs of powder, was awarded
$750 by a verdict rendered late this
afternoon. .*
Jury Awards Him Damages.
TACOMA, "Wash., June 9.— Bv the
breaking: of the Euction pipe in the
hold, the ocean-going dredger Pacific
¦was sunk In twenty feet of .water In
the City' channel at the foot of First
street last night. Tugs are at work to
raise the craft.
Dredger Goes to the Bottom.
LOS ANGELES, June 9.— The annual
convention of the Sunday schools of
Southern California was opened to-day
In the First Congregational Church,
Rev. W. F. Harper of Redlands in the
chair. The office of field secretary was
created and W. G. Landes was elected
to the position.
Convention of Sunday Schools.
BAKERSFIELD, June 9.— At the
trial of John T>'. Ackerman, charged
with Illegally importing laborers into
the Jtandsburg district, it developed to
day that John T. Berryman, the-com
plaining witness, and two other wit
nesses for the prosecution are under
arrest in San Francisco and will be
brought here to testify to-morrow.
Witnesses Are Under Arrest.
The Sultan's troops at Tangier have
received orders to proceed to Fez. Thus
another of. FraissouU's cqndltlons has
been granted. The Sultan apparently
is granting the bandit chief's demands
piecemeal, so as not to unduly excite
the .Moors or emphasize his humiliat
ing position.: .'•
TANGIER, Morocco. June 9.— The
American Consul has sent two unarmed
marines to the residence of Countess
de Buisserat (formerly a Miss Sory of
New York), wife of the" Belgian Min
ister. The Countess is living in an iso
lated house and as the Count, her hus
band, is at Fez, the marines were sent
to her home as a precautionary meas
ure. These are the only American-ma
rines landed here.
The necessity for the better policing
of Tangier Is fully recognized here, and
officials say one result of the Incident
will be the permanent establishment
of a police administration under foreisn
authority with foreign officers. It is
the expectation that France's para
mount influence will probably lead her.
with the co-operation of the powers,
to undertake the organization of a per
manent police system at Tangier.
PARIS, June 9.— Information reach-
Ing the Foreign Office leads the" ofll
cials to believe that Perdicaris and
Varley .will be released during the next
few days, as the negotiations are tend
ing toward a satisfactory adjustment.
The reports that the Sultan is ready to
concede the brigand's terms are con
firmed, but, as his concession was made
under duress, the carrying -out of the
terms may receive further considera
-tton after the prisoners are actually
released.
SACRAMENTO. June 9. — As the re
sult of a legal blunder, the campaign
for a $200,000 high school is off. For
several' years Sacramento has been
endeavoring to secure a modern high
school and about two months ago the
Board of Trustees resolved to call an
election for the issuance of $200,000
in bonds for the purpose. Corporation
Counsel Donnelly was directed to pre
sent the necessary formula and in ac
cordance therewith plans were
adopted, the election proclamation
published and the printing of a new
Great Register contracted for. In the
proclamation Donnelly, it appears,
provided for the repayment of the debt
at the rate of $4000 a year, which
would take fifty years to obliterate.
Under* the State law a, municipality
cannot incur a debt extending over a
period of more than forty years, and
when this fact was discovered to-day
the campaign for the new high school
suffered a collapse. Some of the City
Trustees express the hope , that tlfe
proceedings can be entered upon anew
and that the only , loss resultant from
the legal oversight will be about $1000,
representing the expense to date.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
School Superintendent Is Arrested.
SAN. DIEGO, June 9.— R. L. McDon
noM, Superintendent of the Phoenix
Height Schools, was arrested here to
day on a charge of forgerv, preferred
by a money-lender of Phoenix. He says
that he will go back without requisi
tion and that he will be able to estab
lish his innocence.
LONG BEACH, June 9.— A man giv
ing hia name as James S. Presure is
under arrest on suspicion of being im
plicated in the recent holdup of the
clerk of the Pacific Electric Railway
Company and the robbery of the com
pany's safe. He stoutly denies any
knowledge of the affair.
Suspect Is Taken Into ' Custody.
Serious Error Is Discovered
in the Proclamation Is
sued at State, Capital
Negotiations for the Eelease
of Perdicaris and Varley
Are Progressing Favorably
PETALUMA, June 9.— The corner
stone of the new Carnegie Library will
be laid here to-morrow with appropri
ate exercises, held under the auspices
of the Masons. The. business houses,
factories and schools will j be closed.
The Grand Lodge of Masons will come
In a body to conduct the ceremonies.
The library building will cost $12,000.
Appropriate Ceremonies Will Mark
Beginning of Work on Petaluma's
New Library Building.
GRANJI LODGE OF MASONS
WILL LAY CORNER-STONE
BANDIT TO FREE
HIS PRISONERS
BOND ELECTION
IS CALLED OFF
Former San Franciscan Gets the Place
SAN JOSE, June 9.— Richard G.
Manifgid of this city has been ap
pointed head draughtsman for the re
clamation department of the United
States Geological Survey at Denver.
Colo. Before coming here Manifold
was with the United Gas and Electric
Company in San Francisco for twelve
years.
SANTA ROSA, June 9.— The Board of
Supervisors was presented with a peti
tion this afternoon requesting that
changes be made in the matter of
granting liquor licenses. The petition
ers desire that the board enact an ordi
nance requiring that twelve out of the
fifteen freeholders living nearest to the
saloon site indorse the petition before
a liquor license can be legally granted.
Santa Rosa Residents Petition Super
visors to Amend Law Re'gulating
Granting of Licenses.
SUGGEST PLAN TO LIMIT
THE NUMBER OF SALOONS
League Republican Club of Santa
Clara County will ratify the nomina
tion of the national ticket with a ban
quet. The banquet will be held a few
days after the meeting of the Chlcag*
convention.
Fear of Insanity Prompts Suicide.
SAN DIEGO, June 9.— Peter Hyndlns.
a shoemaker, forty years old, commit
ted suicide in the H-street park this
evening by shooting himself through
the head. He had been despondent for
some time and feared that he would
become insane. Deceased was a Dane.
SAN DIEGO, June 9. — The habeas
corpus proceedings Instituted by John
Alumbaugh, who' alleged that h.is
young bride was illegally restrained
of her liberty by her parents, were
dismissed to-day . by Judge Conklin.
Mrs. Alumbaugh evidently is sorry
that she eloped and got married, for
she elected to remain with her pa
rents. Her father has commenced
suit to have the marriage annulled.
Mrs. Alumbaugh Prefer* Her Parents
— ~'to the Man With Whom She
Elojwd Recently. 1
YOUNG BRIDE REFUSES
TO GO WITH HUSBAND
SEATTLE, June 9. — A man who
gave his name as W. J. Sampson at
tempted to commit suicide yesterday
by gashing his throat in a field in the
southwest part of the town. Sampson
claims to be a sailor, but has been
working lately In a stone quarry 'near
Kalama. He says that he was chased
out of San Francisco by union men.
It is not likely that he will die.
Driven Out of This City by
Union Men.
Tells Seattle Authorities That He Was
FORMER SAN FRANCISCAN
TRIES TO KILL HIMSELF
PHILADELPHIA. June 9.— S. M.
Wanamaker. a leading merchant of
this city and brother of former Post
master General John Wanamaker,
died suddenly to-day of heart disease.
Wannmaker's Brother Dies.
H. Jensen, unsophisticated in the
ways of bunko men, lost 5230 yester
day afternoon In a Joint on Dupont
Mreet, near Jackson. It is owned by
Mike Golden. Jensen tried to beat a
ring and knife game, betting his coin
freely until he had been cleaned. He
went home and returned six hours
afterward, when he had realized that
he was the victim of confidence men,
and notified the police. No one has
been arrested for the crime.
Jensen Parts With Coin.
LOS ANGELES, June 9.— Albert K.
Sturtevant, for years a confidential
clerk in the jewelry store of Birnbaum
Brothers, was arrested to-night for the
theft of a cheap ring and the investi
gation which the arrest caused led to
the discovery that he had been stealing
for years. His peculations will amount
tq several thousand dollars, but it is
doubtful If he can be prosecuted for
more than petty larceny, because he
was careful not to steal $50 worth of
goods at any one time.
Discovery Is 3Iade That Trusted Em
ploye Had Been Stealing From
Jewelry Store for Years.
CONFIDENTIAL CLERK
ROBS HIS EMPLOYERS
SEATTLE, June 9. — David Murray,
the cattle king of Kittitas Valley, died
yesterday afternoon, aged 73 years.
He was a native of Maine, came West
in 1841 and settled In Vallejo, Cal.
Murray helped build the first dock in
that city. In the early '70's he moved
to Kittitas Valley, where he became
known as the cattle king. He held
several public offices.
Death of Cattle King Murray.
LOS ANGELES, June 9. — President
Ferd K. Rule of the State League of
Republican Clubs has called a meet
ing of the executive committee of
that organization at San Francisco
June 14, at 10 a. m. The object of
the meeting is' to arrange prelimi
naries for the proper ratification of
nominations for President and Vice
President to be made by the National
Republican Convention. The execu
tive committee is composed of one
member from each of the eight Con
gressional districts.
President of State League of Repub
lican Clubs Calls a Meeting of
the Executive Committee. '
PREPARING TO RATIFY
OTATIONA1V NOMINATIONS
Die on the Scaffold.
SACRAMENTO, June 9.— The hang
j ing of Kokichi Hidaka, a native of
I Japan, will take place at' Folsom State
i prison at 10 o'clock tomorrow morning:.
! Hidaka murdered Mr. and Mrs. G.
! Yoshimota and in trying to escape also
j killed another Japanese who attempted
to stop him.
1 SAN QUENTIN, June 9.— Unless a
i reprieve arrives before to-morrow
' morning at 9:20 o'clock Francesca
1 Ochoa, a Mexican, will expiate his
, crime upon the gallows. Ochoa-Itilled
j Mrs. Marie Bererra in Bakersfleld in
! 1S99.- He was to have been hanged on
: May 27, but Governor Pardee granted
! him a reprieve of ten days.
Unless Governor Pardee, Grants Them
Executive Clemency /They AVill
MEXICAN' AND JAPANESE
TO BE EXECUTED TO-DAY
i BAR HARBOR, jMe., June 9. — Levi
! Z. Leiter of Chicago died of heart fail
i ure to-day at the Vanderbilt cottage
j here, which the Leiters had taken for
! the season. ' Mr. Leiter had not been
well for a long time, but up to yester
day he was able to take his usual
I drive. A weakness of the heart de
i veloped shortly after midnight and
| death occurred at 3:40 o'clock 'this
! morning.
i Mr. Leiter was 70 years of age. He
j was the father of Lady Curzon of
¦ Kedleston, wife of the Viceroy of In-
Jdia; or Miss Daisy. Leiter, whose
j beauty has been the subject of note in
j English court circles, and of. Joseph
j W. Leiter, speculator and Investor.
It was stated to-day at the Leiter
cottage that, pending the arrival of
j Joseph Leiter, the time of the funeral
j would not be settled. It had been de
! cided that service would be held In
j Washington.
j CHICAGO. June 9. — Levi Z. Leiter
j was one of the most prominent of the
i pioneer merchants of Chicago. He be
i gan his career in this city in 1855 as
• an employe of the dry goods firm of
i Cooley, Wadsworth & Co., later be
j coming a partner in the firm.
! In 1865 Leiter and Marshall Field
bought the controlling interest in the
I dry goods business of Potter Palmer,
j the firm becoming one of the most
¦ prominent in the West. Leiter retired
| from the dry goods business in 1881.
j since which time he has devoted much
I of his time and attention to the im
j provement and management of his ex
| tensive business properties and cor
! poration interests.
Fleming is well known in this com
munity, where he has resided ever
*inee 1S7T. He was born in Spencer.
Worcester County. Mass.. in ISoS and
is a high scl*>ul graduate. He was
identified with the shoe trade in this
< ity for thirteen years and was chief
deputy under County Clerk Haley in
US3. He has since been in the insur
ance business and is now associated'
with J. W. Amiath as an expert ac
countant. Fleming is regarded by the
Health Board to be in every way qual
ified for the wardenship.
The board notified the Chief of Po
lice that he must take charge of the
juvenile offenders on and after the first
of July, thereby relieving the Central
Emergency Service of the expense in
i idt-nt thereto.
TIjp position of waiter at the hospital
held by Albert Roper was declared va
cant.
P. R. Hennessy was appointed ex-
I*-r:<?need clerk in the Health Office
from the civil service eligible list.
Health Officer Ragran reported that
be had detailed District Health Officers
Tillman and Adler to prosecute the
v.ork of dairy inspection and to edu
cate the dairymen in the requirements
of the board relative to producing a
cipan milk supply.
Ragan also reported that he had
filed ferrcal charges with the Civil
. < ' rvice Commission against Dairy In
spectors Smith and O'Connor, who
have been suspended for dereliction of
duty.
The Board of Health yesterday re
moved John N. Elbert, warden of the
City and County Hospital, and ap
pointed Martin W. Fleming to the po
sition. There was no discussion when
the two resolutions were adopted, it
being understood that Elbert was re
tired because he had proven a poor
disciplinarian and owing to frequent
clashes with his subordinates. Elbert
wsls asked to resign and at a secret
conference with the board Just pre
vious to the meeting refused to do so.
The board proceeded in a body to the
hospital to give its support to the new
warden, who was at once installed in
office.
TACOMA. June 9. — Yukon steamers
have been in greater danger of de
struction during the ice break-up this
spring than ever before. The steamer
Leah of the Northern Commercial
fleet sunk at Cliff Creek while sliding
off a huge cake of ice. The steamers
Louise and Susie succeeded in rais
ing her and she has. been taken to
Dawson for repairs.
The steamer .Robert Kerr was
caught by a Jam near Circle and saved
with much difficulty. The steamer
Lightning was caught in the ice in a
dangerous position near Washington
Creek last fall. By the impact of the
ic£ she was forced completely out of
the river and upon the bank. She
was safely launched in May and sub
sequently reached Dawson. A num
ber of steamers' above Dawson had
similar narrow escapes.
Several of Them Are Badly Damaged
During Breaking Up of Ice
in the North.
YUKON STKAMEKS MEET
WITH SEKIOUS" MISHAPS
Martin W. Fleming Is Named
to Succeed John N. Elbert,
Who Is Removed.
Chicago Merclnnt Dies at
the Vandeibilt Cottage
at Bar Harbor.
LKVI Z. LKITER. PIOXKKK < HI
CAGO MERCHANT, WHO DIED
TESTERDAT AT BAR HARBOR.
MARTIN W. FLEMING. WHO WAS
APPOINTED WARDEN" OF CITY
AND COUNTY HOSPITAL.
SAN BERNARDINO, June 9.—
Differences existing between Principal
W. L.' Brown of the local High School
and Miss Vida Sherman, teacher of
I^atin, have been taken up by the
students. They have marked the
sidewalk in front of the school with
expressions denunciatory of Brown,
and the School Board is investigat
ing the matter. Two of the students
of the graduating class, Fred M.
Meyer and George Dicson, have con
fessed to having had a hand in the
matter. A number of expulsions are
looked for.
Take Part In the Row Between Edu
cators and Several Expulsions
Are Expected. . •
HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS
SIDE WITH THE TEACHERS
The attempt was jnade at Bloody
Run, where the track runs high above
the Rogue River. As the engine
rounded a curve Engineer Gray saw a
tie placed across the rails. He applied
the air brakes at once and the engine
slid forward. When the collision came
the tie was picked" up and carried eight
rail lengths forward. By this time the
passangers, alarmed at the sudden
jarring of the brakes and the crash
of broken glass from the rock hurled
into the car, were dropping from the
train. When it was ascertained that
only Gray's' clear headedness had
saved 'their lives, a purse was made
up and presented to- him.
Jt is believed both by the officers here
and by the passengers themselves that
a tramp ejected from a freight train
had taken this method of revenging
himself.* The company has offered a
reward of $250 for the arrest of the
miscreant.
The would-be wrecker was foiled by
the coolness of Engineer E. L. Gray
and the train reached- Portland in
safety this morning.
Mrs. Gavin McNab of San Francisco.
Mrs. Henshaw and Miss Stone of Oak
land arid-Jay W. Adams, coast passen
ger agent of the Nickel Plate Road,
were among the prominent Califor
nians on the train.
PORTLAND, June 9.— Just as the
northbound Southern Pacific passenger*
train No. 16 struck a "i placed on the
track three miles south of Grants Pass
last evening a Jagged stone was hurled
through a window- of a sleeping car.
It had evidently been thrown by a
miscreant who after deliberately at
tempting to wreck the train had wait
ed to see his fiendish work accom
plished. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The loss on buildings, rolling stock
and the contents of the warehouse and
cars will reach $100,000.
TUCSON. Ariz.. June 9.— The busi
ness set". ion on the American side of
the border of Nosales narrowly escaped
destruction to-night by a fire which
destroyed the United States Customs
house, the Southern Pacific depot the
Wells-Fargo and Western Union build
ings and fifteen loaded boxcars. The
Customs-house was the headquarters
for the district of Arizona and New
Mexico, and valuable Government ~
ords were stored in the building:.
No rain in seven months had ren
dered the structures combustible ' as
powder and the strong desert wind
threatened for a time to carry destruc
tion to the entire business section. No
gales is the point of entry for nearly
all Sonora, and immense amounts of
freight pass through" the depot and
Customs-house every day, so that
great inconvenience will be experienced
for a time.
Special DLspatt h to The Call
Applies Air. Brakes. in Time
to Prevent Derailment of
Locomotive and Coaches
ENGINEER SAVES LIVES
Destruction of Tapers Will
Cause Considerable Incon
venience to Business 3Ien
WIND FANS THE FLAMES
Valuable Records Are Lost
in Blaze on the American
Side of Xogales Border
Unknown 3Iiscreant Makes
a Dastardly Attempt to
Wreck a Train in Oregon
FIRE DESTROYS
CUSTOMS-HOUSE
PLACES A TIE
ON THE RAILS
NEW WARDEN
OF HOSPITAL
IS APPOINTED
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. ".'FRIDAY, JUNE 10, 1904.
LEVI Z. LEITER
ANSWERS THE
CALL OF DEATH
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
js MARKET _
Opposite Jones and' McAllister.
1019 Market St., Phone South 891.
Special!) for Friday and Saturday.
Free delivery to all parta of th«* city.
19 lbs. Best Fine Dry Granulated Su;jar
(with orders) .' * I. lilt
Creamery Butter, regular size squares
(Bweet fresh table butter) aOc
Worcestershire Sauce, rejr. 10c bottles. .5c
This Is an elegant saucr and is made
from a famous English receipt.
1-1K Can of Pork and Eteans 5c
These Pork and Beans ar« put up in
tomato sauce and are equal to any others
sold at lOe.
Veal Loaf. Libby's Famous. 2 cans 2Sc
This Veal Loaf i« the best on the mar-
ket; just the thing for campers; every can
guaranteed.
Susar Corn, reg. 15o cans JOc
This la not old stock, but the very best
quality.
10-lb. Sark Cal. Corn Meal. White or Tel-
low
This Torn Meal is made from tils very"
best solid dry corn: none; better.
Early Breakfast Coffee t3c
This -Coffee Is fresh roasted and fine
flavored and cannot be bought elsewhere
for les» than :0c.
• Underwood Sardtnps, per can .lOc
The best Sardine on thp market, put up
tn tomato sauce; soused in oil; reg t5c
Sliced Pineapple _ loc
This Fine Apple M sliced and cored » n .1
put up in its own nyrup.
For prices of Teas »e» window. All
goods guaranteed and *hlpped fre«. within
tOO miles of Saa Francisco. Send for price
ltst.
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
"TiPOTATiON.
How Xt Wai Made sad Retained In Saa
Franclico.
A good reputation Is not easily earned
and it was only by hard, consistent
I work among our citizens that Doan's
Kidney Pills won their way to the prolid
distinction attained in this locality. The
public endorsement of scores of San
Francisco residents has rendered invalu-
able service to the community. Read
what this citizen says: _
K F. T. Collins, silk hatter, of 1010%
Hyde street, says: "It is a difficult mat-
ter to give greater praise to Doan's Kid-
ney Pills than their remarkable proper-
ties deserve. For several years ; I was
bothered more or less with kidney com-
plaint, particularly if I contracted a
cold, which was-tTure to seat itself in the
region of my back Just over the kidneys.
I fooled around for a long time trying
medicine of various kinds, none of which
even helped, and finally Mrs.- Collins,
who had. been reading considerable about
Doan's Kidney Pills, advised me to take
a course of the treatment. If the first
box had not brought results I can posi-
tively guarantee this, I never would
have bought a secondhand if the second
had not stopped the last attack, and
what Is better there has not been a
symptom of a recurrence for six months,
r could not-be induced under. any cir-
cumstances to - publicly recommend the
preparation.'.-- , -
1 For pale by. all dealers. 50 cents.
Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo. N. 1 Y., sole
agents for the United States. •
Remember the name, Doan's, and take
no substitute, ___ . ¦
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
91KW, »• «•»>. ft*** 9WMM*K *. WWW5 W»« ******* ******** *****»,* ***** ******* ******* ******
¦ ¦ ¦ ' x
We'AIlow You 25c to $4.15 per Garment, to 'Pay for Laundering, on This £
Mussed ' Muslinwear--Wo men's, Children's j
People who are not familiar with the workings ot a *'
'/£^^SSt& g reat $tore W »I1 marvel at ths number ot pieces or mu»- h
,— ~>^KJ|2p5BnS| f/w. linwear that gc: soiled and finger marked in window, \
I \^H^a|^*5*'SSf liUJwtf' casc anc * coumer displays. In a store the size of the *
li A tWWS*'*' Vy^iHT^s! Emporium thousands of pieces are injured in this man- '^
\\\ \\l3l <^r$^(//*'^ S \ JH/ j(k ncr * n l^ e cour8e °f twelve months. . Not hart so far «^
\\\ V^SUcsvgfly^tir^^^ tiffl'iw as their real value and wearing qua'ities are concerned, 'x
•J^ \v 1 iVi'l V^W^S^^pShtV^T^ \ We have weeded out every piece of mussed and soiled X
. -TO^yyg^gyffl I tw \? \~*r j^|yi g.nus'inwear for women and children and have reduced °<*
•VEJftV^WWl 513H jw |\ flE&l !l the prices »o greatly that in some instances the saving jj
J^^^Mv^f % to \ fi«0'' I l_i— will pay for the laundering as long as the garm;n: will Ust. H
v^^kSwVH'W*x\ vk ll ¦' BOm^ ' fri The assortment includes women's gowns, pcr.icoats,
\t^V^\Vt| '-iih V\ ' ItSSmW V 1 drawers, chemises, corset covers, pajamas, eiderdown -*
vi&4^^T^Fxi v v «^h^/I il! ' sacques, children's drawers, dresses and perticoats. '_%
•/ , ISIf''' 2^ S*££ Children's Long Dresses — Beautifully trimmed with %
¦"flv)j$*i ( I B(P i Hii ~ sSS i k" or embroidery, made of best French Nainsook, It
nttuJflil ' '. ll ///(>¦ \ ¦ vy^M~l]_A dresses that were marked up to *yp
Twaii I >£ggj|ggi»gfcggggBg^[ 57.50, now $4.85 33-75, now $2.65 1 1S9, now $1 m ]5 )f
.nljcsaj i ¦ I $5 - 75» now $3.65 * 1# 95> nour $1.85 9* c > now • ••65O '»
''™ i. J Children's Short Dresses— Some of the daintie* that we had •*
Women's Mutlin Underwzar -Some of ths rery best that we have in stock of lawn, longcloth, cambric; mid: with 21 much care and jg
in the store, made of finest material* and tastefully trimmed with wash taste as mamma's best gown; dresses that were marked up to j*
lace* and embroidery: J8.50, now $5.95 S5-OO, now $3.65 fa.9'. «"> w $1.85 '2
Petticoats up to $12.00, now $£"££ *6-5O, nov$4.85 *3-9*, «"»» $2.65 $1-99. *«"» $1m15 S
mS uVto ico!' TZ : %%'%% Children', Lor* Skirts-That were J 3 -7S, now $2.65 *
r£ ~ f o <, 5 c' o Lw %%'%% Children's Lonj Skirts- Value, up to $3.00, now ... $1.65 'x
Drawer. »P t» . $ . S o, now . $2^5 Children's LonJ Skirts-The regular 79 c kind, npw. . . . 65 O $
££ ?o«J« «! Voi', co now 'JS'ii Children's Drawers-A fewpairs; regularly azc to 3S c, now . 16o '?
ctll r ««?»?„ *V 5 ,« »J1* * # * ' ' S it t % Children's Short Skirts-That were up to $1.98, now . $1.35 %
?o,n. u» ro «/« LZ S'bS Children's Short Skirts-That were«n» to $,.89, now . . 9 5c X
\M y^^%^x> That are cut and made as they should be, at s price which the cheap- j\~^ Hfel X
Iwita! 5^ est custom tailors would charge for the making alone. There is as £> 1 4 I . X
I! JL^P' A M. much, if not more, in the making of a suit as in the quality of thf cloth, f In Em- XV 1J 1^ x
.f^ 0 J porum suits you get expert tailoring, which kerps thtm in shape and giTM you long- A Irt Irf *^^^k X
feiJ «* **-*'W Oy en possible wear. We particularly recommend to you the stylish round-comered \I^ || B| X
l^ka I 1 S Sick Suits in lightweight Scotch tweeds and homc-spuns, in grays, browns and Q £9 W "J
%J %JL Si mS^J other shades; and in plain black thibeti and unfinished worsteds-now selling for. . . |( Jj^ X-^# *
Men's Shirts, 48o Boys' Suits Wash Dresses *
Socks U 7t%aTr a s f 25°c $2.5O To-day 19c |
And Many OtSfr Specialties W^B W^M I
Summer Weight Balbri^an Underwear- J^« l£"Z £ round ,oke ,tyl«, good color, and patter; S
For men, fancy weave, well made, trong gJJ'WJ 1^ C ft) but size, for ,, oand 3 year, only, - O ' •«
.. and durable, the best of 50c ralue, l^ e i^lt the \t&P>^ «««'» 4S« marked to c!oV s f &C 1
Friday and Saturday, per garment. J/C are marked at the *®$fi7$<i «
Men's Half Hose- Colored lace lisle, em- »bove popular pnee. (tSffi&fi&X " X
broidered effects, also imported liale half hoss Boys' Russian I '^\j//T : U[ \\ S/| Cftnnc 9 £?Gt x
in polka dot*, in high colors; never sold Blouse Suits- A jMT : : 'jL; \ 9&»&U OflOCS x
regularly less than 35c the pair, Fri- _^ • Pretty fight and ! ijfjj | j j/^T Only about 3 OO pairs of 2' styles "^
day and Saturday only, 2 pa^rs . . aTOC dark patterns, in ftf, , ¦ j^^p\ o f women's %\. CO shoes, on special X
-neat styles made from fine madras and «ptional vrue at . W\ ]].) day only, per pair . %P^m^J^& *
percale. Have no fear of the quality be- . . . . $2.5O ' \ » \i\\\f Jf One itvlff of Vici Kid wtrh nafonr X
f % ,111 •i't»* o . * ik* t iir \ 1. * . / ,^.- v^iic siyicoi v ici rviu, wuu parent or
cause of thr remarkably low price, for Fn- Boys Norfolk \ V,]:.--/^^ . T . V tr 1 l « L "5
day and Saturday. They are all absolutely Suits- In twe e d s rt^S-iil lj!L U P» XV leather heels, the X
clean, perftct goods, not a shirt in the lot and Scotch mix- l^[ Other a Vici Kid with patent tip, '*
would ordinarily sell for less than -^ tures, mostly AiT\\^5V*- turnsoles and military heels, both "2
65c, our special sale price. . . . tOC dark color,, ages 3 iVS ° f them in all widths and si/.es. "T
Boys' All-Wool Sweaters— # nn to 15 year,, big ")LWi x
Plain and fancy colors. . &imUU value it. $2.5O '¦ *r2&T ¦ x
Border End Scarfs — Length 49 inches, Boys' Sailor JrV *%z*tt* *%f Mis* if— sac ¦ «
color, tobacco, champagne, pearl-, B I o us e Suits— £r *9«MMtSUI M¥M*MUW~**&
steel, wine, also the Puritan checks HUG Scotch effect,, p?aid, in light and dark grays, l/Va /««*•» * 4$2£?^l\ '
Boys' Balb.-iggan Shirts and Drawers— Ecru sizes 3 to 9 years i S2.5O z**9 Jra^5SV« 21
colored only, well made, well fitting jmg^ Boys' Wash Vests— In pretty light and 7QC Jfii® *'*!&'
garments, each *T%jC medium effects; also plain and fancy piqu«, * %*+* 1 - v
Men's Muslin Night Rob:s — Fancy — *• in sizes for 8 to 16 years, worth u? to J 1.75; A line of ji. 00, *^^T^ £\ 2
fronts, full lengths and widths, ca O iJC your choice of them all for Friday _ _ $1.35 and fi.75 ' "?' 'J
Suspenders — Well made, kid and and Saturday OOC white and colored pST^t"
worsted ends, large assortment, pair 2S&C "™™ 1 "" <— ™"«r~^r™'^j«?'~™^^ ll ™™ —^~ >< "™~ Madra, Waists, re- y^^Tj.v «
Men's Fancy Underwear — Genuine, elastic wd/6 iViCfi S duced for ?
Derby ribbed glove-fitting, colon # ng% TrOUSCrSm $1*35 to-day',and &£§\ \ - W%'1OTV X
, ecru, pink or blue, per garment^! mUU j Men . s wool m : xed m dark Saturday', ', '\\\ J H\ j
. O*^*^ H£ggiBtnigMM» line stripes, suitable for business and every- *^^ n^. £ 1 '/ }\ \ \ \ \1 IS
O£l# C O«#f?fflie#^ Jay wear, just the trousers you need to wear 7ffi/+ I \ ]* \%\ }V
ToHet NeCeSSitieS out ** half- worn coat and vest, and a m w< » // S\ . K|| ,1 \ .J
Lambert's Usterine- Genuine, the _ great bargain at the Fridayand Saturday / /\\ . *W.JPa\ X
p r .'-aJ.v^^.v-M». ! f^ mr? rv:-:$1.95^4 1 f
Sales Butter, Etc. - ;£? V JKWw I
Scheffieid's Dentifrice- a delightful tooth Friday and Saturday Only T ' " %$£ *
preparation, the regular 15c size, mm B;st Creimery Butter— Reg. ,ize «j: .34c f Ulw 11 '* [J %
Friday 11G Best Java and Mocha Coffee, 1b. . . 2BC ?'-, **?* V\V0 ° x
Coke's Dandruff Cure - The famom hair Extra sliced Pineapple, tin .... 2Oc a raI ' ' . «
tonic and scalp cleaner, the adver- —-» Choics Tomatoes, good solid pack, any re,-
tfed I1.00 size ........ 43C doz ... $1.15, tin We T"*! ???? ?* J* Z £' Y^ *
Mennen's Talcum Powder -For man, Best California Cheese, fibs. .'. . 25c di y- Induded ia ! he lot /educed from f , 75 |
woman and child, the adveru.ed^c^. Extra As:i Claret, gal. . . . . . 33\<O »? d J/- 3 5»« » &w wa>sts which have been
Te ... • 11C Kentucky Belle Bourbon, fuU ,t . . 55o y - solI ! d " Wlndow '"d counter doplay^ J
Royal Tooth Powder- And Royal Talcum Imperial^ Ginger Ale, dor ..... 75 O °*?*> Sklrt5 - Ia M *"' Tlnet T' X
Powder, first-clas, preparations equal _ Maryland Club Rye Whi«key, bot. . 79c Polka Dot Duck Skirt . . . $1.OO a "5
to any that are sold at 20c, our price SfC Port, Sherry cr Angel ca, gal . . $J.U2 $1.5O, $2.OO *nd' upward,. *<j
tl!wnnna*i 42c *» ¦'Ul l Pi( ' ue Skirts ' ' * ' S1.50, X
KimOnaS **C Z/jO J@^ "¦* '•¦ $2.25 and upward. X
Made of .lawn, in dainty summer JnT* C MT>&§S fof&f' ftl ~l&^ Washable Shirt Waist Suits- J«
color ngs, and worth 65c each; f*^^ ff M~ M * 7MMM Jit J£ \A \M J \MwA «J> ftn «1 on «e •» - .«
also of striped flannellettei, tc £ i ' C*L*S A f M*f€/Uip46w££ =^. 'iKSart * *
put on these cool mornings; th: CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- M MMB^ "5
kind we regularly s:ll at 75c; \ iirTgj^ffiyWM 1 * 5 *^^^^^^ Women*, Linen and Crash \
choices to-day only . . 42 C \"-:- % :- '" ¦*gBgB&> ulm AMERICAS GRANDEST STORE Dusters at popular prices. X
ADTCB/nSEXENTS.
H Brand m
| Evaporated m
If . Cream m
Z&\ because it is most concentrated; JflM
ij3Pi because richest in cream; fc|||
|^3 because moct skUlfully K»9
Kg?! Its purity is guaranteed ja|?
fc&jj under forfeit cf £5,000 to M«
igrtjl anycr.; able to prove M§a
jgaEJa an/ adulteration in. our
FOC1WEAS1WOMEM.
DDTTClirO rOR BARBERS. BA-
UllUUiluu hoti.es. billiard tables.;
l^r««er». bookbind#r«. candy makers, canners.
<i}<rs, flour mills, foundries, .laundries, paper-
hanjreni. .printers, painters, shoe factories,
(tablemen, t«r-roof>r». tanner*, tailor*. «tc
SUCHAHAZ* BK.0S., >
Srarb Manufacturers, '03 Sacramento St,NAPA. June. 0. — Watt R. Smith and Miss
Laura Pugh, prominent people of Kapa, were
united in marriage this morning at the home
of the bride's mother,- Mrs. F. L. Pugh. A
number of guests were present from San Fran
cisco and Oakland..
CHURCH BUTS PROPERTY. — Oakland
June 9. — Calvary Baptist Church has purchased
the prcperty on West street, , near Twelfth,
which it has been occupying for a year. I Pur
chase was made from the Universal 1st General
Convention and the consideration was $4000.''-*
OAKLAND. June 9. — The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Leonard R.
Keller, 31; Oakland, and Minnie G.
Wuthmann. 33. Berkeley: Gerald
Donovan, over 21, and Kate Loftus,
over 1 8, both of San Francisco.
Marriasre Licenses.
SAN DIEGO, June 9.— The yachts
men of San Diego have been inspect
ing the yacht Detroit to-day as she
rests on the car that has" brought her
from Chicago. The consensus of opin
ion of them all is that the sloop Is
speedy and that she '¦ will be able
to clean up anything in her line
on the Pacific Coast. The yacht is in
excellent condition and is still • carry
ing her last coat of racing paint; She
will be put Into the water to-morrow
and soon thereafter will be taken out
on the ways for an overhauling.
SAN DIEGO YACHTSMEN - >^
, I . INSPECT THE DETROIT
(ROME. June 9. — Th« Pope to-day received
Rear Admiral Silas Casey U. P. N. (retired),
Mrs. Casey and Miss Casey.
OAKLAND, June 9. — The will of
ftafael Demoro of Berkeley, filed with
the County Clerk to-day, shows that
the deceased left property to the value
of $65,000*. It consists of houses and
lots In San Francisco, valued at
$40,000; property in Alameda County,
valued at $15,000; a ranch in Santa
Clara County, valued ' at $3000, and
personal property to the value of
$1000. He leaves the entire estate to
his .wife. There are five children.
lieaves $65,000 Estate.
OAKLAND, June 9. — Georgiana
Melvin, wife of Charles Melvin, brought
suit to-day In the Superior Court to re
strain the E. B. & A. L. ; Stone Com
pany from grading a block on East
Twenty-second street, between Six
teenth and Seventeenth avenues,
claiming that her property will be left
twenty feet above grade if the work
be permitted, to continue. The com
pany. Is using the earth for filling in
Commerce street.
Sues to. Stop Grading.
OAKLAND, June 9. — Negotiations
for a settlement of the troubles be
tween the scavengers and the Pa
cific Incinerating Company continue
with good prospect for satisfactory
terms. The police to-day arrested ten
scavengers for depositing refuse at
Twenty-second and Peralta streets.
Settling With Scavengers.
BERKELEY. June 9.— In accord
ance with an order issued by Com
mander in Chief John G. Black, Look
out Mountain Post. Grand Army of the
Republic, will observe "Flag day" on
June 14 by special exercises. Com
mander Charle>* Kerns has appointed a
committee, eoftsistimr of Henry Lamp,
Captain , Kellner, S. D. Waterman and
John E. Boyd, to arrange the details.
"Vl&X day" will commemorate the day
on which the American flag, designed
by Miss Betsy, Ross, was accepted by-
General George Washington and the
Continental Congress.
Veterans to Celebrate.
Wlllard O. Stewart Is In Jail, bat
No Warrant Has Yet Been
Sworn To.
OAKLAND, June 9. — Xo complaint
has yet b*en sworn to against Willard
O. Stewart, who shot W. S. Kennedy
at the Briggs ranch, near Newark,
night before last in a quarrel over
Edith Kennedy. Kennedy, It is said,
Is reluctant to prosecute and has de
clared he was sorry that Stewart had
given himself up to the authorities, as
he would not have made a complaint
egainst him.
The date of the preliminary exami
nation has not been Bet and it is not
known when Stewart will be taken to
Newark to confront the victim of the
midnight assault. Stewart is now in
the County Jail here, but refuses to
make any further statement regarding
the affair than has already been pub
lished.
KENNEDY DOES NOT >"•; •
WANT TO' PROSECUTE
OAKLAND. June 9.— Local Union No.
36 of the Brotherhood of Carpenters
elected the following officers last night:
President, William Rambo; vice presi
dent, William J. Glbbey; recording
secretary, R. .G. Wilson; financial sec
retary, C. Maker; treasurer, J. J. Over
ton; conductor, W. B. .Miller; warden,
A. Relnhardt; trustees, Weckworth,
Starkey and Thompson; auditors,
Scott and Frates; delegates to the Dis
trict Council of Carpenters, Overton,
Raymond, Maker, Weckworth, Ford
and Thompson. . •
The local Ice, Soda and Mineral Wa
ter Wagon Drivers' Union held a ban
quet last night to celebrate the sign
ing of their new agreement with the
employers. The agreement provides for
a change of the hours in winter. The
men will hereafter work from 7 a. m.
to 5 p. m. The members of the com
mittee in charge of the banquet were:
C. Rimaesi, J. Hoffman, J. Hewitt, E.
A. Bell, P. Lanane and F. Faro Jr.
Signing of New Agreement With
Employers.
Drivers Hold Banquet to Celebrate
CARPENTERS ELECT OFFICERS
FOR ENSUING TERM
Automobile races will be a feature of
the programme at Ingleslde race track
on Sunday afternoon when all the wheel
interests of the city will unite in giv
ing a banner race meet for the benefit
of Golden Gate Park athletic amphi
theater. All are pulling together for
the general good and workers ' are
springing, up at every hand. A com
plete list of entries was not available
last night because the handicappers
had not finished their task of segre
gating the riders, but it was announced
that 100 of the best riders will partici
pate in the several events.
The special committees appointed to
keep down expenses and assist In the
details that will go to make the affair
a financial success succeeded in gain
ing free water from the Spring Valley
Water Company to sprinkle the tracif,
gratuitous bill advertising fromVarney
& Green and more than $100 worth of
advertising for the score cards. The
United Railroads was also visited with
a view to having special cars on, the
Mission, street line in addition to the
regular Guerrero service that now goes
to Ingleside track. An announcement
will be received from the street car peo
ple this afternoon, which will probably
be favorable, as the committee explain
ed that many thousands of people were
expected to attend the races. No item
has been overlooked in the endeavor to
reap a harvest for the cyclists' contri
bution to the fund for building the
Golden Gate Park athletic field.,
Following are the officials selected to
control the meeting:
Releree, Edwin Mohrlg; : starter. Prank
¦Smith; Judges— Orrln S. Henderson. Frank H.
Kerrigan, Fred N. Bent, Robert rilommedleu.
Bert Ballart and George Peyton: timers-
George P. Wetmore. Joseph A. Pesimone, Rob
ert A. Smyth; clerks of course — W. Townly, C.
C. Hopkins, Frank Bollc; announcer, George
Dixon: scorers — T. Belloll. J. M. Salazar, J.
W. Leavltt and.C. C. Wuth. , .
All Clubs of the City Combine to Make
the Park Track Benefit . 3Ieet
a Success.
OAKLAND, June 9. — It is seldom
that so promising a programme has
been arranged for the music-loving
public as that which will be given by
Clement Rowlands and the musicians
assisting him at Maple Hall on Friday
evening. The talent is of the best and
every number has been selected with
a discriminating care. Mr. Rowlands
w;ill render, three familiar but always
delightful songs — "Absent," by Met
calf; "The Bedouin's Love Song," by
PinsutI, and ."The Toreador," from
"Carmen." In the last named song
especially is Mr. Rowlands' fine bary
tone heard to splendid advantage.
Miss Gertrude Hibberd, the popular
young violinist, will be one of the par
ticipants, playing a berceuse, by
Goddard, and Metcalf'a "Legend."
Mrs. Carrie Brown Dexter will be
heard in a charming little French
song, "Chere Nult," and Frederick
Veaco will sing "Tho' You For
get,' by Tipton. Miss Carolyn Crew's
numbers will be "Haymaking," by
Needham; "Among the Heather," by
Metcalf, and a "Chanson Provincial."
The French song, which ia as charm
ing a bit of music as one could de
sire, is the one sung by Miss Crew
before the Wednesday Morning Club
and which was received with nattering
enthusiasm. Miss Crew is a pupil of
Mr. Rowlands, bo her work will be
heard' with much interest. Several
other pupils will act as ushers, among
them being Miss Ruby Wilson, Miss
Addle Dowdle, . Miss Ramona Rad
eliffe. Miss Olga Williams, Miss Mabel
MacXab, Misa Virginia Bromley, Miss
Amy Rice and Miss Lottie Reed.
Miss Mabel Hill will be the accom-
Programme for This Evening's Enter
tainment Includes Number of Se
lections by Leadinc Singers.
CYCLE RACES AT INGLESIDE
PROMISE TO BE EXCITING
ROWLANDS CONCERT
ATTRACTS ATTENTION
"Telfort does not understand that he
has no control aver the sidewalk or
street," said Superintendent of Con
struction Flemming of the telephone
company. "He does not understand
that it is not necessary for us to ask
bis permission to set the poles. The
pole was not in front of his house, 1 as
he 'claims, but was set on the edg« of
the property line." »,,_
The telephone company had been
stringing a new line through East
Oakland, using East Twentieth street
as a site for its poles. Monday, during
Telfort's absence, .as he claims, the
workmen placed a pole in front of his
house. They failed to ask permission.
Telfort took matters into his own
hands, and with a trusty ax leveled
the offending obstruction to the ground.
OAKLAND. June 9.— Complaint was
lodged to-day with the Board of Public
Works against James Telfort, resident
at 1126 East Twentieth street. Telfort
Is charged with chopping down a Sun-
Bet Telephone Company's pole in front
cf his residence because he objected to
what he termed an obstruction to- bis
property.
Before His House.
Irate East Oaklandrr Blocks Com
pany's tVork in Stringing Its Lines
Mrs. Skinner testified that her hus
band knocked her Benseless and beat
his mother-in-law with a club when
she tried to save her danghter.
"A man who can't drink a glass of
lijjuor without becoming a brute has no
right to touch liquor," declared Police
Judge George Samuels to-day when He
sentenced A. E. Skinner to 125 days' im
prisonment in the City Prison for beat-
Ing his wife.
"The fact that you say you were so
dazed you did not know what you were
doing is proof that "you were nothing
more than a> human brute," continued
his Honor. "I would impose the full
penalty were It not for the fact that
your family will be deprived of sup
port while you are In jail,"
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 9.
PKOPERTV-OWXEK CUTS
DOW.V TELEPHONE POLE
The thesis of Henri T. A. Hus assistant
in the department of botany, entitled "Spin
dle Formation In the Pollen- mother- cells of
Cassia Tomentosa L." has been published in
the botanical series of the publication of the
California Academy of Sciences. The . work
fills come thirty pages and is illustrated by
several plates exhibiting material from which
the observations were made.
Professor Henry Rand Hatfleld, assistant
professor of political economy and dean of
the College of Commerce at the University of
Commerce, who has accepted the invitation
of the University of California to occupy the
place of associate professor of accounting in
the College of Commerce, la the editor of a
volume of lectures on commerce delivered be
fore the College of Commerce and Adminis
tration at Chicago during the last two years.
It contains sixteen lectures, under the heads
of "Railroads," "Trade and Industry,"
"Banking and Insurance."
Professor Charles Mills Gayley delivered
the commencement address at the Ventura
High School this evening. V
Professor F. B. Dresslar was among the
passengers on the steamer Devonian, which
arrived in Boston from Liverpool on June 1.
Accompanied by his wife and son. Professor
Dresslar has been traveling over Europe for
the last year. He will return In time to re
sume his work at the university when the
new term opens.
BERKELEY. June 9. — The Interesting news
comes from the Orient that Thomas W.
Haeklns, '02, has received the appointment of
secretary of the United 8tates Legation at
Peking. Hasklns was one of the first students
In the College of Commerce and the first grad
uate of the university to become attached to
the Consular Service
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Judge Saifiiiels Scores De
fendant in Sentencing Hjm
to 125 Days' Imprisonment
WIFE BEATER
HUMAN BRUTE
CEXTERVILLE. June 8— The Country Club
met at the home of Mrs. Layson on Tuesday,
June 7. with Miss Bertha Whippte as hostess.
The subject for the day was "Italian Liter
ature of the Nineteenth Centory," and a
pleasing feature of the afternoon was the talk
on the topic by Mrs. Postern of the Postern
Club. Some charming vocal solos were ren
dered by Miss Helen Swayna of Alameda and
Mr. Bacheler of Alvartdo. The club then ad
journed for the summer vacation.
The wedding of Mies Inez Snlppee and
Francis Dam will take place at the end of the
month, the ! exact date having not yet been
decided upon. Miss Sblppee is the daughter
of ex-State Senator and Mrs. W. A. Shippee
of North Berkeley, a graduate of the Univer
sity of California and member of the Gamma
Phi Beta Sorority. Mr. Dam was graduated
from the .university with the class of '80 and
from Hastings in 1900.
BERKELEY. Juna 9.— Miss Mabel E. Early
and William Maddox were married last even
ing at the home of the bride's parents. 2014
Manoa avenue; The ceremony was performed
by the Rev. E. n Uille of the First Methodist
Church of Oakland. Miss Edna Early at
tended the bride as the maid of honor and
there were four bridesmaids — Miss Florence
Early. Miss Elinor Eastman, Miss Fannie
Tyrcll and Miss Grace Tyrell. Arthur Tyrell
was the best man. The exchange of vows was
followed by an elaborate wedding supper, to
which the friends and relatives of the young
people were bidden.
The bride Is a daughter of Judge and Mrs.
J. E. Early and has a large acquaintance in
Berkeley. The groom U engaged in buslnecs
in -Kl Paso, where h« will take his bride to
reside.
The Charles Egberts have rented a fur
nlehed cottage at San "Leandro foe the summer.
Mr. and Mr?, Osear tuning will, spend the
rummer at Cloverdale. They will' leave for
that place in July. , . ¦ ¦
Mrs. E. J. Cotton is entertaining her sister,
Mrs. Lewis, of Panta Crur. The Cottons, the
\V. II. McKinnons and Mrs. Lewis are plan
ning an over Sunday trip into the country.
Mrs. Herbert D. Gasklll, who. is visiting the
family of O. Edward Collins for the summer,
will be the: motif for a very Informal little
gathering 'at Miss Elizabeth Scupham's Satur
day afternoon. Mrs. Gasklll was formerly
Eda Collins - and Miss Scupham's gueeU will
be the little band of maids and young ma
trons who > were intimate - friends before Mrs.
Gasklll married and went to Denver to live.'
One of the most delightful features of a
pleasant luncheon given by Mrs. W. S. Palmer
recently was the informal musfeal programme
that was participated in by Mrs. Grace Cas
tera and Mrs. Ulus, who was formerly Miss
Marion Taylor. Mrs. Castera Is Mrs. Palmer's
daughter . aad has a really marvelous voice.
Had she chosen a public career instead of
wedding at 17 she. would undoubtedly have
had the world at her feet. As It wa«. ehe re
ceived many flattering offers, the great Mclba
being among, her sincere admirers. With a
rich contralto" quality, ehe reaches C in alt
with ease, i Mrs. Castera is visiting her
mother at the Madison-etreet residence for a
few weeks. ..her own home being In Auburn.
After luncheon — with yellow-shaded cande
labra and Mexican lilies the table locked very
pretty — the girls enjoyed several games of five
hundred. Ruth Salinger and Florence Zlegen
fu*s carrying oft* the i>rixeg.
The luncheon party included Mlsaes Pansy
Perkins. Marion Walsh. Ruth Salinger. Flor
ence Ziegenfuss. Leslie Wight, Bonnie Down-
Ing and Miss Stratton.
The Strattons are planning to spend the
summrr at Craig View, in Shasta County,
and will leave for that picturesque soot next
Saturday. ¦ The little Juncheon given by Ml«s
Cornelia Stratum yesUrday wan not only a
pretty compliment to Mliw Pansy Perkins,
Senator Perkins" youne daughter, but aome
what In the nature of an au revolr to the
coterie of lntimat* friends who were her
guesrtB. Mies Pansy ban Just returned from a
tour of Eurooe, and a winter in Washington,
where, an our senior Senator's daughter, she
was «-xt<?nsiv-ly entertained. She has the good
taste to dress simply always, and the dainty
white Paris «cowr. ehe wore at the luncheon
yesterday was no exception to the rule. "Con
nie" Stratton, the clever little hostess. looked
her beet in a pale pink frock, and you may be
sure her guests had a "perfectly gorgeous
time," for, witty and always merry, she
brings cheirr 'wherever ishe • Is.
The srue.ni were: Mis* Grace Rutherford,
Miss Alice O'Connell, MIsf Hortense Chichenter.
Mlfs Julia Summers, Mrs. Archie Mendenhall,
Mr*. Harry Williams. Mrs. A. Palziel, Mis.
George Humphreys, Miss Eda Curdtn Miss
Florence Taylor. Mies Anna Young, Mrs. Wil
liam Macdonald. Miws Carrie Miller, Miss Lot
tie Hopkln*, Mivs Marguerite Vesper Miss
Helen Crane. Mies Meda lilock and Mrs. Sid
ney Stone.
OAKLAND. June ',».— Such a lot cf dainty
biTs of linen as were "showered" cm Florence
Hatch to-day! Everything that the affection
of her Itirl friends could nucgest was In the
bewildering mass of liu-n and lare at the
"Fhower" given by Mis* Alice Nelson for the
fair y<»ung bride-elect. The residence on Lin
den stref-t framed a charming picure whon her
guests were all gathered within the prettily
decorated apartmfnt*. Five hundred was
played. th» two handiome prlxes being won by
Mrs. George Humphreys and Mrs. Anstruther
Dalzlel.
By Zoe Green Radeliffe.
OAKLAND, June 9. — Commencement
exercities of Ft. Francis de Sales schools
vere held this afternoon at St. Francis
de Sales Hall. The prominent feature
cf the graduating festival was the
presentation of "'Joan of Arc," a re
ligious drama, by the girls of the
school. The characters throughout
were delightfully sustained. Miss L.
Canty, in the title role, sang several
numbers with beautiful effect.
The cast follow?: Joan of Arc, Miss
L. Canty: Hannette, Juan's sister,' Miss
K. Dineen; peasant girls. Miyes G.
Hanley, L. Feneran. L. Higgins, M.
White, H. Geary, A. McDonnell, M.
Broad. F. Feneran, H. Lyons, 1. Me-
Avoy.
Other numbers on the programme
•were: "Greeting." chorus; "Caprice
Martial." piano duet. Miss E. Dineen
and L. Hierpins; "The Day Is Done,"
choral recitation; "Wynken, and
Blynken, and Nod," lullaby;- "The
Flowers and the Leaves," recitation;
•"Moonlight On the Mississippi,"
ihurus; "The Dying Poet" (Gotts
< halk). piano eolo. Miss L. Higgins;
"The (Swing), chorus.
Graduating honors were conferred on
Mi?s Ellen E. Dineen and Miss Laura
E. Canty.
**Jo:in of Arc" Is DHfshtfuIly I»ro-
M-ntcd at Closing: Exercise* of St.
IYaiu-is School.
GIRLS TAKE PART IN
A RELIGIOUS DRAMA
MAKE LiNb'N GIFTS
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 9.
The members of Oakland Lodge of
Elks have prepared an excellent pro
gramme for their -'Old-Time One-Ring
Circus," which will be presented at the
Macdonough Theater next Tuesday
evening and the participants are now
hard at, work rehearsing their various
turns. A number of unusual features
are promised, among which will be the
first appearance of Everett Dowdle,
who weighs about 115 pounds, as "San
dow, the Strong Man." Clay Haw
baker will present his "Best Effort"
and of course the "fat lady, the living
skeleton, the "Circassian Beauty," the
"tallest man in the world" and the
snake charmer will be seen In the side
show.
Among the acts to be seen in the
ring of the main tent will be Van Brit
ton, in his great exhibition of bareback
riding; Charles Heeseman, In his dar
ing aerial act; George Walker, in Chi
nese Impersonations; Pete Lynch and
Jack Heany, In their great brother act,
and Dave.McLaughlln, Pete Sloan. Dr.
H. P. Travers and J. Cal.. Ewing, in
various diversions. Dr. C." L. Tlsdale
will act as ringmaster general ana will
eee that things move along without
any hitches or delays. The Elks' Quac
tet has been rehearsing a lot of new
songs, some of which have been writ
ten especially for this occasion.
An amusing feature of the cirius will
be the menagerie and for this the mem
bers of the lodge have prepared some
great curiosities. The human giraffe,
the baby elephant, the happy family
and many other wonderful and un
heard of features will be on exhibition.
.The committee in charge of the en
tertainment is using every effort to
make the. show a success and already
many tickets have been sold. The
members of Oakland Lodge have at
tained the reputation of always pro
ducing something new and those who
have seen the rehearsals for the circus
say that • this instance will be no ex
ception.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 9.
Oakland newsboys are showing that
they have the instincts of detectives.
Yesterday they gave Coroner H. B.
Mehrmann a tip that may prove valu
able in determining the cause of the
death of Samuel Rhodes, who was him
self an Oakland newsboy.
William Cody, a boilermaker's helper,
on strike from the Santa Fe shops at
Point Richmond, . was taken Into cus
tody to-night at the City Prison. This
was done at the request of Coroner
Mehrmann and Cody will be held
pending an Inquest in the case of Sam
uel Rhodes, a newsboy, whese body
was found on, the Southern Pacific
Company's tracks, at Cedar and Ninth
streets, last hight.
CODY'S QUEER ACTION*?.
Cody claims to have been in company
with RhodesYwhen the latter was
struck and killed by a Berkeley local
train after the pair had Jumped from a
freight train on which they had rid
den from Sacramento.
What ffave rise to suspicions In the
Coroner's mind was the fact that Cody
had not voluntarily come to him and
made explanations. Instead, according
to his own deposition taken to-night,
Cody left his companion for dead and
by a round-about route through the
railroad yards went to the home of his
father, John Cody, at 1475 Third street.
Young Cody said nothing to his father
about the affair, nor did he mention it
to any one until this afternoon, when
he casually said to a group of news
boys that he had seen Rhodes killed.
Later, upon their urgent demands, Co
dy went to the Morgue, but left a fic
titious address. The newsboys traced
him and this evening Coroner Mehr
mann took charge of the young man.
HIS EXPLANATION.
In explanation of his conduct, Cody
said':
"Rhodes and I met at Sacramento
and came down on the freight train.
After we jumped off it was ! hardly a
minute before the Berkeley train came
along and I tried to grab Sam, but it
was too late. When I saw him lying
dead on the tracks I was so frightened
that I ran away. I .didn't say anything
about it until I met the newsboys to
day. I was simply scared to death."
Examination of Rhodes' body showed
no external marks of violence except a
bruise on the temple. Coroner Mehr
mann postponed the inquest until Sat
urday night that an autopsy might be
held and time given for Investigation
by the police.
"I am not prepared to make any
charges," said the Coroner, "but I had
Cody locked up so as to be on the safe
side. His explanation is not entirely
satisfactory."
Alameda County.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
THURSDAY. JUNE 9:
Juhn B. and Archibald Johnson (both stng».
George H. and A. L. Crawford (wife) to John
fon Bros. A Crawford (a corporation), lot oa
SW corner of Second avenua and Alice street,
W 75 by S 200. lota 15 to 22. block 10, Kellers
berger's map, Oakland; $10.
George T. and Adel!a S. Hawl«y to Daisy
B. Howari (wife of E. A.), lot beginning at
point 1M X from N line of Prospect or Twen
ty-ninth street on line at right angles thereto
from point on said N line of eaid street 200 E
from E line of Hawley street, N 30 by E S3.
Oakland: $10.
First U.nlversaltiit Church and Parish of Oak
land (a corporation) to Calvary Baptist Church
of Oakland (a corporation), lot on XV line of
West street 25 8 of Twelfth. S 50 by W 83,
lots 16. 17 and portion lot 11. block 121. Kel
lersberger*! map, Oakland (recorded Jun« 8.
1004} ; $10.
Emilie Alexander (widow) to Augusta Alex
ander (single), lot on E line of Telegraph ave
nue. 123 N of Hobart street. N 25 by C 123.
portion of lot 3, block D. Wilcox Place, Oak
land; $10.
A. L. Ston* (married) to E. B. A A. I*
Etone Company (a corporation), lot on N cor
ner of Seventeenth av«»nu<» and East Twenty
first street, NAV 497. NE 2»4. NE 13 to EaM
Twenty-second street. SB 513 to Seventeenth
avenue, SW 288 to beginning, lots 1 to 40 In
clusive, block 70, map Northern Addition to
Brooklyn, excepting lot 30. on East Twenty
second street by S 130, East Oakland, conveyed
to Charles S. Melvln. AXi D 117; also, except
ing lot on NE line of East Twenty-first street,
3S4.3J> NW of Seventeenth avenue, NW 113.61.
NE 147.95, NW 68.8». etc.. NE 7.15. SE 19::.24.
SW 43.23, SW 36.81, SW S3.22, SW 40.06 to
beginning. East Oakland: also excepting land
conveyed by German Savings and Loan Society
to City of Oakland. May 27. 1902, East Oak
land; $10.
Carlos R. and Lacla A. Lord to Beta ramp
bell Hall lot on W line of Spruce street. 140
N of Vine. N 40 by W 104:7. lot 33 and por
ticn of lot 33. block 2. resubdlvlsion portion
T. M. Antlsell's map Villa Lots at Berkeley,
Berkeley; $10.
Annie E. Patrick (widow) to L. R. Dumas. .
lot on W line of Myrt!e street, 1»O N of Twen
ty-fourth. N 26 by W 12.-., block 838. Board
man's map. Oakland, first party reserves Ufa
estate; gift.
Frank H. Ayers (single) to Piedmont Pav
ing Company (corporation*, lot on SW porner
of Telegraph avenue (since widening) and
Forty-ninth street. S l.V>. W to poir.t «qui
distant from Telegraph and Phattuck avenues.
N to S- boundary line lot ft at point equi
distant from xaul avenues, W to H line of
Shattuck avenue. N to S line of Forty-ninth
street, E 271, more or less, to beginning, lots
3 to 8 and portion lot 10. block 21^0, Alden
Tract at Temescal. Oakland; $10.
Mary E. Dewing (widow) to D. E. Rosllng.
lot on S line of Villa or Fifty-nfth street. 4rtO
W of San Pablo avenue W 299 S 107. «O. E
320, N 113.70, lots 23 to 34 block H. Saa
Pablo Avenue Villa Tra<-t. Oakland: 110.
Same to Georja W. Austin, lot 15, block 2,
lets 1. 2. 11. 14. 15. 1J» S 10 feet of lot 2».
lots 24 to 28. block ."5, lots 13. 14. S ZX feet of
lot 12. block 4. lots 41 and 42, block «, re
vised mar* San Pablo Avenue Villa Tract.
Oakland Township; JIO.
Carolyn L. Huntoon (single) to Raymond L.
Pond, lot on N line of Hearst avenue, fk) W
of Highland avenue, W 50 by N 144.6S, lot
1\. block 21. Daley Scenic Park Tract. Berke
ley: |10.
Herbert O. Pontlrg to Mary Biddla Pontinfj
(wife), lot on E line of College avenue. 415
G of Dwlght way. S 58 by E 1.15. portion lot
7 block 3. property of John Kearney. Berke
ley: gift.
J. A. and Emily V. Marshall to Herbert O.
Pontinar, same, Berkeley; $10.
Charles M. and Mary I. Hummer to Angus
and Nellie Matheson, lot on N lin# of Ru«s»:i
street. - 1O1 W of Grant W BO. N 1M, B SO.
S 132:2Vs. portion lot 10. block 8. State Uai
versity Homestead Association No. 3. Berke
ley; $10.
Louisa Ahlborn (widow) to Alfred Browp,
lot on SW corner of High and Van Buren
streets, S 120 by W ZOit, lots 3 and 4. block
00, Stratton map of Alameda. 1 s "-'. and part
of Meyer's survey. Alameda; $10.
EIGI1TY HOUNDS ENTERED
IN INGLESIDE PARK STAKE
Losers in the First Round of the Com
petition to 3feet In Consolation
Event.
An eighty-dogr open stake and a
consolation number for the grrey
hounds beaten in the first round will
be the card this week at Ingleslde
Coursing Park. Both stakes will be
run down once to-morrow. The draw
last night resulted as follows:
Fannie Hughie vs. Real Duchess; Frisco Lad
vs. Aurelia: Oulda vs. Lydia; Terra Cotta- vs.
Irish Lad; Sollsa vs. Yellowtail; Don Pedro
vs. Octavlus; Tom Hurlick vs. Prometheus;
Boots vs. Young Johnny Rex; Meddlesome vs.
Good as Gold; Ploughman vs. King's Pride;
Our Myra vs. Aereodah; Royal Friend vs.
Flower of Kerry: Sir Wlnton vs. Young Kerry
Pippin; Rich Array vs. General Fremont; Con
cord Tralee vs. Beauty Gold; Mountain Poet
vs. Peter. Mclntyre; Shotgun vs. Helen Hayes;
Tobasco Bob vs. All Baba; May Tunnlson vs.
Little Sister; Mcrning Glory vs. Eagle Bird;
Odd Eyes vs. A! trie McDonald; Doc Burns vs.
LHtle Plunger; Jerry Wright vs. Topsy Turvy;
Proper vs. Lady Menlo; Tricksy vs. Doreen;
The Fiddler vs. Magic Stuff; Princess Savoy
V3. Sweet Locust: liagsed Actor vs. Glitter;
Gold Lily vs. Moilie Hasklns; Impervious vs.
Lady Newark;' Cosette vs. Mirage; Young Fear
less vs. Hermit: Yankee Boy vs. Bob R; Thel
ma vs. Snapper Garrison; Tom Lipton vs. Ar
ticulte; Sofala vs. The Sheriff; Belfast vs.
Rolling Boer; Ready Address vs. Manru; For
tuna Angel vs. Lucky Shamrock; Lady Royer
vs. Fair Glen. ,
ARRIVETX
.» Thursday, June 9.
Stmr Nerwsboy, Adler. S5 hours from Crew
cent City.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
SAILED.
Thursday, J*uae 9.
Etmr Mackinaw, Stoves. Tacoma.
DOMESTIC PORTS
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed Jun» * — Call
ship Othello, for Valparaiso.
¦ ABERDEEN — Arrived June 9 — Stmr Santa
Mnnlra. hence June 4.
Sailed June 0— Schr EacBanston, for XU
dondo.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Sailed June »— V B mtmr
Sheridan, ?°r Manila.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 9— Stmr CMrta,
from Liverpool and Queenstown.
Sailed June 0 — Etmr La Lorrair-a. from
Havre; stmr Mongolian, from Glasgow; strax
Deutschland. from Plymouth. Cherbourg and
Hamburg.
BREMEX — Arrived Jun« 9 — Stmr Kronsrtns
Wilhelm. from New York, via Cherbourg.
QUEENSTOWX— Sailed June 9— «tmr Ma
jestic, for New York; stmr Alert ea, for Phila
delphia, from Liverpool.
CHERBOURG— Sailed J«n« 8— Stmr Kalwr
Wlihflm rier Grosnev from Bremen and Eoata
ampton. for Xew York.
LONDON — Arrived June. 0 — Stmr Hungarian,
from Montreal and Quebec.
HAMBURG — Arrived Jus* 0— Stmr Palatta.
from New York.
HAVRE— Arrived June 0 — Stmr La Tour
aln«\ from New York.
GLASGOW— Sailed Juas 9 — Stmr Buene*
Ayrean. for St John*. N P.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Jun« 9— Stmr Canada,
for Montreal; itmr Parisian, for Montreal, via
Movllle.
Arrived June 9 — Stmr Auranla, from K«w
York.
BRISTOL, — Arrived Jose 9— Stmr CJilcago
City, from New York.
Returned June d — Stmr Jeney Citr. banes
for New York; was grounded near this port
yesterday; her cargo will be discharged aa4
the vecsel drydocked.
Many Umpires In Evidence.
It was announced yesterday that
Umpire Jack Huston would be re
leased on Sunday night. President
Bert received four telegrams re
garding the umpire situation. One
was from. Jim McDonald, announ
cing that his health was Improved
and that he would be ready to go
north. Another came from Tom
Browne, stating that he started from
Washington and would report at
Portland. The third was from Jack
McCarthy, announcing that he had
trouble with the Northwestern
League officials and would like a Job
here. The last happened to come
from President Lucas of the North
western League asking President Bert
to recommend him a good man. It
appears Huston will go to Lucas, and
therefore the only man out of a Job
is McCarthy, and he will probably
soon catch on.
Davis Estate Incorporates.
The Jacob Z. Davis Estate Company
yesterday filed articles of incorpora
tion, with a capital stock of $1,000.
000. The incorporators are Isabella
M. Curtis, Elizabeth M. Muir, William
G. Mugan, John M. Curtis and Joseph
C. Campbell. Isabella Curtis and Eliz
abeth Muir hold 4998 and 4999 shares
of stock respectively. They were
nieces of Davis' first -wife and his will,
in which they were named as the chief
beneficiaries, was found in the urn
holding the ashes of the first Mrs. Da
vis. A long contest of the will, in
which it was alleged the document
was a forgery, followed, the present
incorporators winning: the battle.
For several days Munro had been
looking for his former assistant, but in
vain. The story came of Herspring's
suicidal attempt and it was an easy
matter to trace him. Her?pring had
recovered this afternoon and was
transferred to the City Jail. He re-
Fides at 210 Second street.
Though he had hidden his identity
under a fal*e name, a published de
ei-ription of Herppring disclosed his real
etlf to J. A. Munro, an auctioneer of
this city and recently Hersprings em-
X'ioyer. Munro had sworn to a warrant
charging the man with the larceny of
n.oney while Her?pring was in his em
ploy. \
Wunro al6o claims that H'-rspring
b<irrow*rd money by fraudulently using
his name.
Joseph Herspring went to-day form
a hospital ward to a cell in the City
Prison, after hie life had been saved
through vigorous effort on the part of
the staff at the Receiving Hospital.
Ilemorseful and despondent, Herspring
tried yesterday afternoon to commit
tujridc by drinking electrical battery
fluid.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, June 9.
Attorney A. L. Frlck*. who defended
Blake, asked but three questions of
the defendant upon direct examination.
In reply to the first Blake said that he
had met Miss. Cronin on the night of
the attack and in response to the sec
ond denied that he had assaulted her.
As his third answer Blake denied that
he had on a light suit of clothes en
the night the battery was committed.
Upon cross-examination by Deputy
District Attorney Brown Blake dis
played an uncertainty of memory con
cerning dates and the suits of clothes
he had and wore at different times.
Other witnesses who gave testimony
were Detective George Brown, R. An
derson and the defendant's mother.
Composing the jury were D. Upton, Ira
Sanford, S. McHenry, B. T. Scott, D.
Graham, Alfred Clement, I. N. Chap
man, C. F. Banta, E. Loeee and C. C.
Volberg. There is still another charge
of battery against Blake, preferred by
Miss Annie Seebeck, who was beaten
In the same manner as Misa Cronin
and who identifies Blake as her assail
ant.
When she screamed for help D. E.
Peddler, Mho had been standing at the
corner of Park street and Santa Clara
avenue, went to her assistance and was
told by the young woman of the attack
that had been m&de upon her. While
Peddler was escorting Miss Cronin
along Santa Clara avenue toward her
home they met Blake coming directly
toward them. Peddler noticed that he
was panting and breathing heavily and
stopped him, asking the youth if he
was not the person who had assailed
the young woman. Blake denied that
he was and in response to questions
put him by Peddler Baid that he had
been feeding, a horse at High street;
that his name was Blake, and that he
lived on Walnut street. Miss Cronin
would not positively identify Blake
while Peddler held him, saying that she
dreaded the notoriety it would bring
her.
As soon as Peddler released the
youth he hurried away, and then it was
that MissX^ronln informed Peddled that
the person he released was the one who
attacked her. Peddler corroborated the
young woman's testimony, and Blake
himself testified that he had met them
both and identified them in court as
the same persons he had encountered
on the night Miss Blake was beaten.
THREE QUESTIONS ASKED".
SCREAMS. BKi^G HELP.
Miss Cronin was positive in her iden
tification of the defendant aa the man
who attacked and beat her. She re
lated how she had observed him stand
ing on the northeast corner of Santa
Clara avenue and Park street when she
alighted from an electric car and how
he had followed her north along Santa
Clara and grasped her by the throat
when she was near Pine street, pum
meled her about the head with his
clenched fists and kicked her brutally.
ALAMEDA, June 8.— Milton Blake,
accused by the police of being "Jack
the Swatter," who has terrorized wom
en and children here for the past five
months and against whom a charge of
battery had been preferred by Miss
Kate Cronln, one of his victims, was
tried- before a Jury In City Justice K.
B. Tappan's court this afternoon, but
no verdict was reached, the Jury stand
ing six for conviction and nve for ac
quittal after being o-ut three-quarterB
of an hour. Blake will be tried again
on the Cronin charge, as the police
feel certain that he is "Jack the
Swatter" and that they have a strong
case against him.
The scope of this work was then out
lined. One committee was sending cir
culars to people in the various walks
of life asking them to fill out blanks
stating what they regarded was the
lowest . estimate for the yearly ex
penses of- a married man, 35 years old,
with a wife and two children to sup
port, taking Into consideration what
was required of men in any profession
al walk of life.
An average of the returns already
received was as follows:
Rent, $326; light and fuel. $S9: table. $419;
additions to equipment. $W; service. $208;
clothing, man, $100;. ¦ clothing, wife. $125;
laundry. $C4; literature. $23; books, $2&;
charity, $<": amusements, $18" carfare. $51;
summer outing, $81; doctor. $M>; Insurance,
5190; conventions, etc.. $49. Total. $2113.
This work, it was stated, was to be
continued throughout the year. The
aim of it is to demonstrate that the
remuneration of teachers is not suffi
cient to get the best, talent. Women
are filling the positions, because they
can live more cheaply and have fewer
persons dependent upon them. It was
maintained that the quality of the
work can only be raised by an in
crease in the salary. The figures now
being compiled, . the club believed,
would show conclusively that men with
the ability to make . teachers , could
make more money In other lines of
work and there was danger that the
rising generations were being left to
the care of mediocre talent.
The Teacht-rs" Club of Alameda
County addressed the Board of Educa
tion this evening upon the question
of higher wages. Though the rates
have- already been fixed by the board
for the ensuing year, the members of
the club «tate that the work now be
ing done by them is in view of future,
rather than Immediate benefits.
Principal I. D. .Martin' of the Grant
School was the main speaker. He di
rected the attention of the board to
the fact that the School Department
was being used by men an a stepping
stone to other professions, while no
other profession was being deserted for
that of teaching. His conclusions were
that the inducements offered men were
not sufficient to hold them and in this
connection he said:
To gather data upon which estimates may
be based, the Teachers" Club of Alameda
County has gone systematically to work and
divided this work among a number of com
mittees. We wish to compare the wages paid
to the schoolteacher* of this city with the
wages paid to men In other profession!!; taking
into consideration, ol course, the necessary
training and experience required of applicants
for positions in the clt/ schools.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 9.
By the terms of tjie decree the plain
tiff obtains her divorce on the ground
of her husband's desertion. She is
also allowed to resume her ' maiden
name of Quiner and is to receive 5100 a
month alimony and $300 for counsel
fees.
A romance begun in the Arctic re
gions ended in court here to-day, when
Cora E. Hepworth was divorced from
Dr.' W. G. Hepworth, a physician in
the employ of the Government's Indian
service in Alaska, The plaintiff before
her marriage was Cora E. Quiner of
San Leandro. .She met and fell in
love with the doctor while looking after
a mining claim near Dawson with her
brother, Henry C. Quiner. ••
Brother and Bister had both gone
north in search of a fortune. To some
extent they had been successful. The
wife now claims that Hepworth wanted
only hfr money; that after their mar
riage ne drank and gambled, and that
she gave him about $5000 of what she
had saved to pay his debts. In Octo
ber, while living at Forty-mile he left
her.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1015 Broadway, June 9.
Former Employer of Joseph
Herspring Recognizes De
scripiioii and Js Active
Lads Ferret Out Man Who
Was -With the Deceased
During His Last Moments
3Jiss Kate (jronin Affirms
Beyond Question the Ac
cused 31 an Assailed Her
Plaintiff Claims That She
Gave Her Husband $5000
to Pay Off His Debts
Committees Are Seeking
Data as to the Cost of
Creature Comforts in State
GOOD SHOW IS ASSURED
Well Known Members of
¦ Oakland Lodge to Take
Part in Entertainment
WOMAN IS POSITIVE
AKKESTEI) FOR LAECEXY
SPENDS WIFE'S SAVINGS
NOT ENOUGH FOR LIVING
Is Almost Evenly Divided
Over the Guilt of "Jack
the Swatter" in Alameda
Police Take Charge of Re
morseful Patient AYho Had
Tried to Commit Suicide
Committee Prepares 3[anj'
Amusing Features for
the "One Eing Circus"
Romance of the Arctic Ke
gions Ends in the Di
vorce of the ifepworths
COMPANION IS AKEESTEB
Oakland Paper Venders Are
Interested in the Cause
of Young Khodes' Death
Appears Before Board of
Education and Shows
Keasons for the Increase
LEAVES A WARD
FOR JAIL CELL
LOVE COOLS
AT FORTT-MILE
ELKS ARRANGE
PROGRAMME
TEACHERS' CLUB
ASKS MORE PAY
JURY REACHES
NO AGREEMENT
NEWSBOYS AID
THE CORONER
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -FRIDAY. JUNE • 10. 1904.
SANTA CRUZ, June I).— Harry Edwards was
sentenced by Judge Smith to-day to one year 1 !
imprisonment at San Quentln (or , Healing a
mattrfes. .
SATS HE IS CRUEL.— OAKLAND. Jun'# 0.
— Suit for divorce was begun to-day by Ethel
V. Ltpwomb . against Harry N. Lipscomb on
th« ground of cruelty.
Notice.— Our name is not In the tele
phone book. When you want. Belcin's
Van and Storage Company, call for Main
3SS. 1016 Broadway. •
6
TO MEET THE POPULAR
DEMAND.
The CALL again , offers to Sun-
day want ad. patrons
THE PERFECT CAN OPENER
• An . unexcelled premium.
The latest and most improved
article of this kind on
_.. the . market. '
GIFTS GIVEN TO-DAY .
to want advertisers in
SUNDAY EDITION. .
OAKIiAN'D.
101C Broadway.
Telephone Maiu 1083.
BERKELEY.
2118 Center Street.
Telephone Xorth 11.
ALA3IEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 4592.
BBAXCH OFFICES
Of! THE CALL IX
ALAMEDA COUNTY
Rfl H l&^jjl If*^ And many other painful and serious
II B llltl fl II a^ ments froia which most mothers
U a y \g| |J|§ suffer, can be avoided by the use of
M-n « g-jg "Motor's Frleai." This great remedy
la Jit nS lT * S a G°^' sen( * to women, carrying
&£? firtti \3gp ¦ ordeal with safety and no pain.*'
No woman who uses "Mother's Friend" need fear the suffering
and danger incident to birth; for it robs the ordeal of its horror:
and insures safety to life of mother and child, and leaves her in
a condition more favorable to speedy recovery. The child is
also healthy, strong and . «-« n . ,
woman, and will be sent free in plain pp B^ |J pp Ki S3 E57S
envelope by addressing application to |p g§ ft In g||| N M
Brad field Regulator Co. Atlanta, Ga. W Btl I la |Q EM?Nellie Sullivan. Ernest Strothmeier. Walter
Irvine, Penelope Sullivan, Emll Landoldt.
Ethel Heaphy.
Honoraiiea. A first grade. E. L. Williams
teacher — Pauline Strahle. Azella Shrafel. Henry
BJcrn, Ethel Stange, Walter Reimers, Nellie
Hayes. B first grade — Hazel Kommer, Harold
Olsen, Beatrice Duffee. Marian Freeman, Ger
trude Reardon, Edward Leahy.
teacher— Alyce WIHraott. Allan Sproul. George
Brady, Henry Goodman, Ethel Turner. Louise
Deloge, Flora Guenzel, Joseph Hayes, John
Matthles. Ethel West. John Stokes, Alice
Jorgensen. Sylvania Bennett. Estella Adams.
Zella Severance.
Honorarles, fourth A. L. Simpson teacher-
Mary Horn. Fred Keast. Jomphlne Baldwin.
Fourth B — Ethel Bryant, Laura Clemens,
Beatty. Howard Segellcen. Irene Gorman, Nitta
Nygard Charles Potts, Hylda Knutsen, Charle-i
Heyer. Flora Morris. Fred Hansen. Violet
Gunn, Gertrude Nolan, Flora O'Bere, EcJ;o
Hutler, Lillian Malcolm, Irene Wisainjr, Milton
Lincoln. May Whitney, Floyd Smith. Mny
O'Shaughnessy, Gertrude Randolph, Delia Blau.
The Philippine exhibit at the St. Louis
Fair is undoubtedly \ the greatest ever
got up by our island possessions and at
tracts great attention. Buy a gas range
from S. F. Gas & Electric Co. *
KANSAS CITY, Juno 0.— The National
Packing Company has absorbed the Ruddy
Brothers Packing Comparor. whose plant is j In
Armourdale, Kans.
¦v Honoraries, sixth B. Madeline M. Torpey
teacher*— Elmer Pparrowe. Minette Strahle. El
ma Jones, Jack Ha»sett, Hazel Meyers. Martha
Neldlinger, Anna Christensen, Edith Klatt,
Olga Hauser, Edward Welke, Edwin Allen,
Catherine Roche. ]
Honorarles. A fourth — Irene Dowd. May Bor
drn, Irene Grundy, George Rupprecht, Alvln
Roes. Olive Kennedy, Katie Crawhall. Nealey
Foley. ¦ B third — Agnes Schumacher, Nellie
Murphy. Vgo Scatena, Ethel Cordes. N. E.
Purlnton, teacher. *
Honorary, from A three to B three N. A.
Morse teacher— May Poetsch, Marlon Boland,
Kate Mack, Esther Burton. Anastasla Crow
ley, Joseph Meagher, Fred Wiseman, ¦ William
Lorden, Harold Comfort.
Honorarles, from sixth A to sixth B. Jose
phine Frank teacher — Carroll Mlllard. Edith
Robinson. May Lenahan, Louise Gibeau. James
Lane, Charles Ingram. Henry Engleberg.
Honorarles. fifth .grade. Miss Evans teacher—
Rltta Griffith, Alice Rae, Vera 'Shelly, Hazel
Petry, Mabel Plerson, Willie Fischer, Dorothy
Coye. ' • - ¦
Honorarles, second grade. Mrs. H. B. BtMls)
Honoraries. seventh B grade, J. L. Murphy
teacher— Edith Helgesson. Belle Mullin. Edith
Towne. Maud Lang, Tena Lindsay, Ella Darcy,
Gustav"vHoltz. Henry Albert.
Honorarles, eighth grade B. F. G. Huskey
teacher — Norma Andrews, Ida GIbeau, Annie
Oirdwood. Estello Healy. Hattie Strahle, W1I
lle Poetsch, Charles S. Sparrowe. Otto Tretten,
Honoraries. seventh A grade. Miss Hender
son teacher — Bernlce Johnston, Lauretta Wiese,
Adelaide Walters, Lottie Lewis. Olivia Lydlatt,
Bert F.urncss. ,
The graduating exercises were held
at the Lick Grammar School on
Wednesday. The graduates were:
Large Number of Students Are Grad
uated From Institution.
DIPLOMAS AT LICK SCHOOL-.
MANY ARE HONORED.
Pupils of Mission Grammar School
Win Distinction.
The graduation exercises of the Mis
sion Grammar School, Miss Kate
Crowley, principal, took place yes
terday morning at 11 o'clock. The
medal pupils were Hazel Henderson,
Philip Gaffney and Nellie Weyrauch.
The honorarles were Hazel Hender
son, Philip Gaffney, Nellie Weyrauch,
Albert Welin. Rose Brown, Stella Can
ham, Irma Richter, F. Mutschall, Ira
Barnhtsel, Bessie Margey and Louise
Klein. ¦:<:-':-:
The. following received diplomas:
May Callaghan. Hannah Smith, Helen Alka
lay. Lillian Whlteman, Lillian Hannon, Mabel
Jones. Lulu Bettannier. Cassie Kllday, Albert*
Jacobs. Edna Brown. Etta White, Florence
This Is salmon fishing time In Monterey Bay
and many fishermen who enjoy this exciting
sport are at Hotel del Monte. Here is a novel
vacation, offering a peculiar combination of at
tractions The salmon fisherman may leave
his wife and family at the hotel in the enjoy
ment of every comfort while he spends hie days
in angling luxury on the bay. Already many
bave taken advantage of this chance for an
outing and others are planning the trip. Del
Monte is more popular than ever this season
with golf, bowling, tennis, automobillng rid
ing, driving and fishing as the chief allure
ments. . •..;
Salmon Fishing at 3Ionterey.
' Scholarships entitling winners to
free tuition in the association school
next year were awarded to Hosmer
Blum. Carl Warfleld. Walter Neu
naber and Elliott Jefferson.
There were great times last even
ing at the graduating exercises of the
Working Boys' Night School of the
Young Men's ChrlstiansAssociation.
The rooms of the association- were
crowded and a delightful entertain
ment was well appreciated.
Among those who entertained were
Miss Edith Richardson. . Miss Myrtle
Macdonald, Miss Rose Lane and Sec
retary H. J. McCoy, who delivered a
stirring address.
O. T. Barber announced the pro
motions. The award of certificates
to graduates was placed in the
hands of D. C. Farnham, and the
award of prize scholarships was per
formed by Le Roy Burns Smith, edu
cational director.
The graduates were as follows:
Elliot Jefferson, Walter Both,
William Callow, Eugene Bush. Mll
lard Selleck, James Brophy, Russell
Clarke and Edwin, Spencer.
Students of Y. M. C. A. Night School
Win Scholarships. f
WORKING, BOYS REWARDED.
JTJRT TAILS TO AGREE.— The Jury in the
caM of John Pryor. charged with bur&lary,
after belnr out all night was called Into court
ye«terday morning by Judge Gesford. The fore,
man said th#y could not agree upon a verdict.
They were discharged and the case was con
tinued till to-day, when It will again be • set
for trial. The Jury stood elg-ht for conviction
and four for acquittal. Pryor la charged with
entering the room at 18 Ellis ! street occupied
by Ross Varnum and his wife of Bonoma Coun
ty on New Year'a morning.
The regtjlar monthly meeting of the
Ban Francisco Prohibition Alliance
was held in the rooms of the organi
zation last night, at 132 McAllister
street. Fred Head presided and after
the transaction of the usual routine
business Rev. E. F. Dinsmore \>i
Berkeley, one of the champions of
Prohibition in the State, addressed the
assemblage on "The Prohibition Party
Militant." Rev. Joseph Rowell, pastor
of the Mariners' Church, also made a
few remarks. The announcement was
made that the twenty-nine delegates
from this State will start for the Na
tional Prohibition Convention at In
dianapolis shortly and plans were be
ing formulated to bring the Presi
dential candidate of the Prohibition
party to California during the cam
paign. . \
They Hope to Bring Their Presi
dential Candidate to This Coast
, During the Campaign.
PROHIBITIONISTS MEET
AND DISCUSS PROBLEMS
Banquet at St. Vincent's.
Last night at St. Vincent's School,
Trips East From the World's Fair.
California and Paclno coast visitors
to the St. Loul3 World's Fair who may
wish to Journey eastward can reach
principal cities and towns without chang
ing cars by going over the Vandalla-
Pennsylvanla lines, the shortest route
from St. Louis to the East. A regular
dailv service of seven through 'fast ex-
Dress trains from St. Louis to Plttsburg
and the East enables passengers to leave
the World's Fair city at convenient
hours throughout the day. Purchasers
of first-class tickets to Philadelphia or
New York over Vandalla-Pennsylvanla
lines may have them routed via Wash
ington for the asking, permitting a visit
of ten days at the national capital and
Baltimore. For further Information
communicate with E. M. Pomeroy. 621
Market street. San Francisco, Cal.
trolley car approached from the op
posite direction. The instinct of the
animals caused them to turn out of
the railroad track to avoid danger,
but lacking Judgment as to distance
they did not turn far enough to avoid
¦ collision. The car struck the rear
wheel of the wagon with such force
«s to dislodge the sleeping driver,
throwing him on the basalt pavement
head foremost. He was picked up
and taken to the Potrero Hospital,
where Dr. Buell treated him for a
fracture of the right collar bone and
a possible fracture of the skull.
James Sanchez, a driver for H. Mof
fat &. Co., wholesale butchers, went to
sleep on the seat of his two-horse
tvagon yesterday forenoon while re
turning: to Butchertown. As the un
guidpd horses were Jogging along Ken
tucky street, near Twenty-third, a
Moffat's Driver Goes to Sleep.
Resources— Bank premises. $2.S15,609 63: other
real estate, $2,574,694 SB: invested In stocks,
bonds and warrants, $12,003,600 47: loans on
real estate, $4,013. 4S4 50: loans on stocks, bonds
and warrants J23.625.060 98: loans on other
securities. $0.1S8.t»» 82; loans on personal se
curity 525.985,014 90: money on hand, $11.
072 137 37: due from banks and bankers, $24,
(m'528 34: other assets, $1,406,87118; total re
"TSfflllSSSffil^Id up. 117.382.34622:
reserve fund and profit and loss. $23,815.349 07;
due depositors. $03.CM.389 76; due to banks and
hankers, $11,001.258 07; State county or city
money $805,445 22: other liabilities. $2.30o,
417 21; total liabilities. $118,218,761 23.
Secretary Cal Ewing of the State
Bank Commission reports that all of
the 205 country commercial banks of
California are highly prosperous.
The statement of resources and liabili
ties, based on the return of "May 9, is
as follows:
State Commission Reports Total Re
sources of 203 Institutions to
Be $118,218,76123.
"San Francisco wins the next an
nual convention of the International
Association of Chiefs of Police over
Detroit and Toronto by a majority of
thirty votes, which was afterward
made unanimous." - .
Major Richard D. Sylvester of Wash
ington, D. C, was elected president of
the association. ' .
When Chief Wlttman left ten days
ago to attend the annual convention of
the Chiefs of Police of the United
States and Canada he intimated that
he would use his utmost endeavors to
get the convention to come to this city
next year. He was backed up by the
California Promotion Committee and
Mayor Schmitz sent a personal letter
to the convention extending a hearty
welcome to its members should they
decide to carry into effect the wishes
of the Chief.
That Wittman has been successful
was learned from a dispatch the chief
sent to Mayor Schmitz yesterday. The
message says:
Heads of Police Departments of 'the
United States and Canada Will
Meet Here. Next Year.
COUNTRY COMMERCIAL
BANKS ARE PROSPEROUS
CHIEF WITTMAX WINS
CONVENTION FOR CITY
Miss Morton's class — Alice Abrams, Pauline
Algoltlnger. Ferdinand Balln. Edward Brauer,
Mary Connelly. Rose Connelly, Hazel Croome,
Anna Duckel. Irene Ehle, Willie Ellken, Ed
ward Everett. Louise Everett, Rosalie Gold
stein. Selma Green, Albert Groeschel, ilaxguer
lte Grundel. Jay Hammerschlag, Helen High
tower, David Holmes, Lettie Kelly, Hugh
Keon. Helen Klins. Charles Leonard. Milton
Levin. SteJla Levy, Manette Llevre, Lena
Marsicano. Elmer Mero, Milton Mowbray.
Dorothy Nathan, Irene Naughton, Dorothy
Orpin, Anita Marie Robinson. Sadie
Rope. Ethel Rosen thai. Mabel Rothenberg,
Leonard Salomon. Ralph Schwarz. Myrtle Sil
vcrman, Romalne Stansbury, Gertrude Wheeler.
Miss Strauss' class— Enid Ackerman, Annie
Albi-rs, Arthur Armuth. Kdgar A. Bernhard,
Bugfnu Block. George LSockmann, Martin
Bulger. Esttlle Coblentz, Julia A. Collins,
Maurice F. Cnchton. Edward Enright. Charles
Kroe«t, Ju&tin K. Fuller. Hazel Qlosser, Caspar
Harris, Lester Kahn. Herben Kaufman. Hazel
Kochmann, Genevleve Laws, Miriam Levy,
Maurice Levy, Eda Lieman. Genevleve Martell
Willie llenge, Russel Moore. Irene Murphy,
Martha Peteruon, Frank Pinner, Hazel Porter
Claea Randall, Edna Relse, Stella Ruggles,
Jessie Scheyer, Frieda 8chirmer. Hermle Seller,
David E. Shapro, Mary Shaw, Leslie Smith,
Mlna Strauss, Sozo Takata, Camilla Thu-B-n,
Ollv* Wolf.
It was a great day at Hamilton
Grammar School yesterday. The grad
uating exercises took place with the
accompaniment of a delightful liter
ary and musical programme. The
graduating classes were in the very
height of happiness and when the di
plomas were distributed there, was
great enthusiasm shown by the large
assemblage. The largest classroom
was filled, while scores waited In tha
lobbies and on the stairs. s
President Alfred Roncovieri of the
Board of Education, together with
School Director Mark, ex-President
Woodward and Principal A. E. Kel
logg, attended the exercises.
Roncovieri expressed his pleasure
with all that had been achieved by the
teachers and students and then dis
tributed the diplomas.
The graduates are:
Hamilton Grammar School Graduates
a Happy Family of Pupils.
STUDENTS SHOW DELIGHT.
Programme cf graduating exercltes: C)ass
presentation. Professor Azro L. Mann; class
¦ongs. fa) "Greeting" (Mendelssohn), (b) "An
vil Chorus" <Verdi), (c) "Lost Chord" (Sulli
van); piano duet. "Hungarian Rhapsodie"
(Hofmann). Winifred Holleran and Geraldine
Hunter: part Fongs. <a) duet. "O Swallow.
Happy Swallow" iKucken), b) three part cho
rus,- "Swe<it May" (Bansby). (c) trio. "Eliza
bfth's Prayer" (Wagner), (d) four part chorus.
"The Bloom Is On the Rye" (Bishop); violin
foIo. "Bolero" (F. de Christofaro), Gladys A.
Couth, accompanied by Edith I. Lincoln; part
songs, (a) class duet. "Star of Home" (Maker),
rb) quartet, "Serenada" (Schubert), (c) four
part chorus, "•'elcome. Pretty Primrose" (Pin-
FUti): piano solo, "Scherzo" (Chopin). Lillian
E. Blum; part Eonga, (a) class trio. "Sounds of
Evsning" (Abt). (b) duet. "Come. Be Gay and
Banish Sorrow" (Weber); (c) class quartet,
"Pilgrim's Chorus" (Wagner); violin solo.
"Cavatina" (Raff). Dagmar A. Games, accom
panied by Mrs. Parlow; awarding diplomas.
Hon. Alfred Roncovieri. president of the Board
of Education; awarding medals. Deputy Super
intendent T. L. Heaton; class songs, (a) thiee
part chorus, "Silent Woods" (Abt), (b) four
part ckorus, "Graduation Song" (Schumann),
(c) four part chorus. "Home. Sweet Home";
accompanists, Maud Geil and Lillian E. Blum.
President of Board of Education Ron
covieri Pleased AVitb Students. *
The fifty-third annual commence
ment exercises of the Denman School
were held yesterday afternoon at the
Girls' High School, Geary and Scott
streets. There was a great attendance
of the friends and numerous former
pupiis of Professor Azro L. Mann, the
principal.
The young ladies of the school
demonstrated their aptness as students
of Jnstrumerftal and vocal music and
were richly rewarded for the artistic
treat they gave.
Alfred Roncovieri, president of the
Board of Education, was so highly
gratified with what he heard that he
gave the Denman School a flattering
verbal certificate, which will not be
forgotten by those who heard his
felicitous remarks.
School Director Cecil Mark and ex-
President of the Board of Education
Woodward were at the exercises with
Roncovieri. \,
Following is a list of the graduates
and the musical programme:
Graduating class. June, l!)W--Bernice
Georgtana RarneU. Mary Leila Beach. Lillian
Kdyth Blum. Mathilda A. Boyken, Marianne
Glasgow Brown. Susanna Bullene, Lucille Clare
Carpenter. Ellen Mary Coughlan, Gladys Alex
andra Couth. Isa Cameron Dobbie. Etta Angola
Duffy, Dorothy Edwina Dresser, Marjorie El
lnendorf, Lillian Margaret Franxoi. Vlvienne
Freeman, Dagmar Albright Games, Willette
Elizabeth Gant, Gladys Arthur Gardner, MauJ
Geil Henrietta M. Goetjen. Victoria Maude
c,t<-.V, Edna Caroline Haker. Catherine Mary
Healy. Margaret Trabue Hodgen, Maud Alice
Hof-nig. Pearl Louite Holle, Winifred G. Hol
lcran Geraldlne Bernice Hunter. Frances Mar-
Karet' Koster. Louise Hazel Langley. Ellen C
Larsen. Maud Bayless Long. Dianna Violet
Lundquist. Eveena Leonora Martin, Hazel D.
Mayer. Teresa E. McCann. Maud Louise Milter.
Isabella Morris Grace. Alice Mullins. Helen
Neal Lucille G. Parmalee, Laura Porch. Lillian
Marguerite Prlrn. HazM Evelynn Ryan. Es
flle H. fihallenberger, Florence Eleanor Smith,
Eva Irene Stephens, Louise Irene Stronach
i'ornelia McVlckar Tibblts. Edna Colllta
Tucker, Ruth Ertelle Weaver, EHa Amanda
White. Josephine Dresser.
Denman city medals^ — Gladys AVxanrtra
Couth, Lillian Marguerite Prlen. Marjoil« El
mendorf. Dagmar Albright Games.
Itenmir. tohool medals — Gladys A. Couth,
Lillian M. Prien. Marjorie Elmendor*. Dqr
niEr A. Games. Gladys A. Ganlne.-. Lillian M.
Frenzol. Helen Ne*l. Susanna Uull«iio, Mari
anne G. Brown. Teresa E. McCann, Ella A.
White, Cornelia McV. Tibblts. Eva 1. Stephens
Mary L. Beach. Catherine M. Healy, Lucl'le
C *!siri.( r.te". M*rgaret T. Hcdgen, LcuUo II.
Larxlcy.
PRAISES DENMAN SCHOOL.
President Roncovieri of the Board
of Education presented the diplomas
and medals. Waldo F. Postel. Miss
Johanna Abraham, Norman Springer
and James J. Black took part in a
spirited debate.
Bridge medal — Lester E. Bovyer. William
Dupllssea, Carl Peterson. Denman medal,
Sarah Kellr-
Drawing department — Henry P. Gelhaus.
William If. Bull, A. Macouillsrd, Edward
Loebner, Arthur O. Anderson, Frank W. Cct
lins. H. P. SpreckeU, Henry Llske. M. P.
Werry. Arthur E TufTt, Andreas H. Schmidt.
Benjamin F. Miller. John F. Allen, Freeman
Falrclough J. F. Corfleld, Louis Oelman, W.
Haiischen. Fred Pwitzer. William Hlrsch. Paul
F. Speldel, J. H. Sholtcn. Thomas L.. Sharman.
Preparatory department (ninth gTades) — Al
bert Beals, Edward Benkman, Georffe Borr
mann. Le«ter K. Bovyer, Fred Claussen, Frank
Delaney, George Klkinpton. Lulu Cooper,
Amanda Daniels. Ethel Haynes. Mae Hayncs,
Milton Bernstein, Thomas Bennetts, Archie
Betts. Emll Carlsen. John Cook, Charles Cook,
William Crown, Thomas Coyle. Joseph Det
wiler. William Dupllssea, Everett Farwell,
Charles R. Hedberg, John Henwood, Joseph
Hill. Raymond Hooper. Leopold Kraus, Sarah
Kelly, Nicola Maynard, Susan McGpwan,
Gladys Moreing-. Arthur Fay. Joseph Feeney,
Frank Finneran, George Franklin, Rudolph
Felchlin, Emile George, Myer Gass, George
HaiBen, Walter Hawthorne. Aubrey Lake,
Malcolm Larson. William Mclntyre, Dan Mur
phy, Lionel Nathan, Albert Nlcholls. Jennie
Pierce Etta Randle. Mary Ryan, Elizabeth
Roark. Rudolph Harth, Alfred Jones, Robert
Kane, Carl Kerning. Arthur Lage. George
Martin, Colby Mollett. Reese Moffat. Fred
Maurer, Klntaro Nlshimma, Douglas Pease,
Edward Peabody, George Sandow, Leon Wil
liams. Herman Wolf, Emma Roark, Besslo
Smith. Lulu Watts, Robert McNaught, Carl
Peterson, Joe Parks. Fred Quade, Oliver Raji
mussen, Seymour Schneider, C. F. Schumacher,
William ITmland, Grover Vocke.
Medals were awarded for good
scholarship as follows:
High school — Slary Alsved, Morris Atlas,
Robert Stone Baker, Andrew WlUlam Donovan
William John Dowllns, Esther Bhrllch, Gl»nr
William Gass. Samuel S. McCahlll, George V
Mulligan. Charles Fairfax Reardan, May Rou
han. Rob*rt Adam Sllmmon, John Herber:
Tuflt. Allison Morris Woodman. %
Humboldt Evening School Graduates
Receive Coveted Credentials.
The closing exercises of the Hum
boldt Evening School drew to Lyric
Hall a large attendance last night.
All were repaid by hearing a remark
ably interesting programme besides
having the opportunity to see the
young students receive their much
prized honors.
Those who received diplomas were:
REWARDS FOR THE STUDENTS.
Addresses will be made by prominent
r.irn In development work and the gen
eral discussion which will take place
will be of great advantage in suggest
ing- broad and efficient moans of devel
oping California and advertising her
i*>s<>urces, h«*r products and her oppor
tunities. This will be the first time
representatives of the commercial or
ganizations of the State have ever as
sembled with a common purpose. From
Pifkiyou to San Diego and from the
Fiorra »vadas to the shores of the
Pacific delegates will be present. The
promotion committee has already
from a great many who will at
tT.d and in many cases several offi
cer* will come from the same organ
ization.
FX>n NEXT YEAR'S MEETINGS.
Regarding the recent meeting at the
headquarters of the committee of or
ganizations of Western cities, the com
mittee announced that the plan pro
r<>?od at that meeting was that the
cities' should work together this year
pt St. Louis to get conventions being
h^ld there this year for the Pacific
Coast in 1905.
Details were proposed for a more ex
tensive advertising 6cheme than any
yet undertaken. The publlbation bu
reau reported on the matter of getting
out California numbers of European
newspapers. A number of papers have
signified their desire to obtain such
material. These articles will be from
th^ pens of experts. They will be
translated into various European lan
guages by the aid of President Benja
min Ide Wheeler of the University of
California.
The committee reported that great
imprest was bring taken in the coming
convention of officers of all commercial
organizations of the State, to be held
in Sacramento on June 18. This con
vention is In line with the work of
developing a greater spirit of co
operation in California. The railroads
hare announced a one-way rate for
the return trip to the Sacramento
meeting.
The committee appointed the follow
ing general reception committee of six,
vhnse duty It will be to entertain
visitors to San Francisco: Walter
Castle. R. B. Hale, II. D. Loveland,
Thomas Rlckard. Sanford FeiRenbaum
end J. P. Currier.
An excursion of business men was
dedded upon. It will go throuph to
Eureka early In July. This will be
one of the most entertaining of all the
excursions piven under the auspices
cf the committee. The party will take
the California Northwestern Railroad
X'om San Francisco to its terminus at
Fherwood. Brief stops will be made at
the towns along the line of the rail
road. From Sherwood the excursionists
•nil! drive by stage to Eureka, Jfiim
boldt County. The distance by rojj4 is
*bout 100 miles and the journey K'ill
take three days, leading through' the
vast belt of commercial redwoods.
After visitin? Eureka and inspecting
thp important lumber and dairy inter
ests of Humboldt County the party will
return by a special to San Francisco.
DEVELOPS! EXT CONVENTION.
The regular monthly meeting of tbe
California Promotion Committee wa«
*>id yesterday afternoon. Those pres
ent were Andrea Sbarboro, chairman;
Hufus P. Jennings, executive officer;
<Ieorge VT. McNcar, treasurer, and A.
A. TV'atkins.
Articles on Its Resources
and Attractions Prepar
ing for European Papers
C. \V. Mark of the Board of Edu
cation acted as chairman, and brief
addresses to the graduating class were
made by W. H. Langdon, Superin
tendent of Schools. «nd A.-H. Sux
zalo. Deputy Superintendent. The
diplomas were presented by School
Director Thomas F. Boyle.
Taul Anderson Ida Naeml Anderson, Vl-jla
M. HaJzsrinl Annie C. Branagan, Gertrude
Mary Brennan. (.Tiarles Oliver Claui>en.
Mathsw Joseph OrRrcne. Grace Selma Krttz,
James Milton Hallahan. Ida A. Herllhy. Es
thellyn MitchoIJ. Emily Mlttelstaedt. Mary
rarlle Moore. Karl Gill*ipie Noble. Christla
I^nuli>« Oaten Aimsc KIberta. Patterson. Mny
Milan Purlnton. Julia H. Quinn. May Angela
Klordan.
The graduates were
The Mission High School orchestra
discoursed very excellent composi
tions with musicianly skill.
Naturally! the presentation of
diplomas keyed all the friends of the
graduates up to concert pitch, and
each successful .student received an
ovation when he or she advanced to
receive the precious parchment.
The graduation exercises of the
Mission High School last evening
were attended by a large gathering.
The handsome auditorium was beau
tifully decorated, the platform being
especially bright with great flags of
the United States and a floral dis
play.
<7l Mission street, the BL Vincent**
Alumnae held its annual 'reunion
and banquet in the reception hall.
After glee songs and addresses the
sixty guests were seated at the table:
and, the supper dispatched, the toast;
and speeches began. Miss A. Code
was the toastmistress. Among those
r.-ho responded were Rev. W. P. Sul
livan of St. Teresa's, Potrero, Rev. P.
Cummins, Mrs. C. P. Kennedy and
Sister Eugenia.
The alumnae officers are: Miss A.
Code, president; Miss Genevlevc
Sullivan, vice president; Miss M,
Canepa. treasurer, and Miss Kather
ine Wood, secretary.
ADVERTISING THE STATE
Members of California Pro
motion Committee AVill
Visit Humboldt County
Hundreds of Boys and Girls Are Given
Medals and Diplomas, and Officials
Eulogize Both the Scholars and Teacher
BUSINESS MEN
TO TAKE TRIP
STUDIOUS PUPILS WIN
WELL MERITED HONORS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. / FRIDAY, JUNE 10. 1004. &':
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TO MEET THE POPULAR
DEMAND.
The CALlj-asaln offers to Sun-
day want ad. patrons
THE PERFECT CAN' OPENER
An unexcelled premium.
The latest ami most improved
article of this kind = on
the market. #
GIFTS GIVEN: TO-DAY
to want advertisers In
SUNDAY EDITION.
PBAGEHS " PBAOEBS | PBAGEBS | PBAGEBS
_ : 1 '—— 1 . : : _ — ; ! ; ; . ¦ 1 . .
Friday and Saturday Specials
Rare Economy Opportunities of GreaL Expansion Sale
BigReductionsonBroken Women's Fancy Goods Millinery Season Rapidly
Lines of Shirt Waists and a Special Sale of Drawing to a Close
W^r^rcfshrrt Children'sRompers WeAreClearmgOutOor
•waists that sell up to . ' — 1? ?* C c. *
$1.75 and marked them at 89c. fl ERE is one of v the best selections in jLIHlTe oUnHTier otOCK
We have not all of the sizes in p-| a 'variety of goods that we have been -^ ur. .. m \ A T : " — ,.
H all of the styles, but you will * * able to offer It includes the choicest TT f^S^fT** T ?*" u 7 I
Offi^ fi " a everv size from 32 to 44.ines of our immense stock and has been 1 f.ft ,^ >h tV, > /"^m a
MM PJ in the lo't offered. They are made special for this great Expansion Sale. ., le £, us Wlth tho «^nds of odds and
Onia all made of choice quality of PIBBONS Z J 1 u™ f ° f b °"
W VV lawns* and are trimmed with RIBBONS. fore th* season closes, and therefore we
?v.- £«<>,.«. i« a -~,u~~;a 7 H c a yard— Children's hair ribbons. ij4 inches have not withheld a sinjrle item in our en-
the finest laces and embroid- wid in bri ht , id and aU shades o{ lain { k fc thrown intr,
enes. They are exceptional pure silk taffeta. Worth xoc and wHc thU !^t «U T^ / c ? S -n
values and will remain on sale VEILS Jhts great sale To-day and Saturday will
at this nricp to Hav and Satur- VEILS. be special days for the untnmmed shapes
» 3a,™i 7 ?1.48— Automobile veils, made of «oft chiffon, and flowers. They are the same things that
t fla} only - j - iJ ards long; - a11 ha , ve K , h S??¥SlS bO M er " wc offered earlier in the but at low-
?>& — They come m royal blue, light blue, golden . , r . . ""*" ou *""
r^kuMjlAMAJ C«.fS^»a» brown, champagne, cream, pink and black, er prices, lou are missing a grand oppor-
HflllDrOIQiereU OWISSCS Regular $2.00 values, v 9 tunity if you do not participate in this sale.
I Nthi, lot there are over 50 dif-l : 33 t-3e a pair-W^nf^anc, hosiery 1 #P^Si^% gg
| ferent patterns of embroidered JggJ "ESs; bSS and wJite, gra?.' tan, "** la « *«™' J™**-™*'™^ «™*' W»ek
* dress Swisses suitable for sum- blue, red and champagne and cluster and sin- «£?* rhSr F* * *"h t u-
mer dresses and waists. All of the gle stripe. Worth 50c a pair. "»c— Crnffon shape* in black and white.
newest shades in fancy Wipes (± CHILDREN'S HANDKERCHIEFS. h™ in aU thapes and styles
and figures are included in light |J jj^ 5c each or T>Oc a dozen— Sheer lawn' with nar- Worth $4.50 and $5.00. '
and dark colorings. This is a eg I f ow hemstitched borders? Point de Paris lace FLOWERS,
particularly desirable summer BJ If in one corner - Worth 8c. ioc/ bunch— A bi K assortment of flowers, in-
material, and was bought to sell TIGHTS. cIt !i ding u pink roses ' foliage ' a PP Ic blossoms
regularlv for 15c. At this price it a Yard 25c ~ Children's soft Bedfrrd rib cotton tights; and otner3 -
is considered an exceptional^ black only. Ages 2 to 11 years. Worth 35c A /^ rpA A C^o^ial 1^ C!!!.
good value. For this special sale TIES. A OpeCiai 1H 5HK
to-day and Saturday we have 25c _ Women's four-in-hand ties, made of" _ " ~ . "
markea it 8c a yard. J S^^g^y?^|5gS^Q Crepe de Chine
Kitchen Necessities Chfldren's Rompers. i cJnf o? ricttS s^andl'
EVERY one of these values is better 76c— Made of a good quality of Galatea cloth clinging. It is regularly sold
than can be secured in any other San ha * wiI ) n . ot fade [ n washing; medium and at 85c a yard, but this special
Francisco store. They ar/specials for ££ ?l° o TyV?s. K P rice been marked for to- p ft
to-day and Saturday only. tie ones out in the country. ? a y and Saturday only. It is 1^ ii #%
45c— Sleeve boards; for ironing shirt waists. fSrlc* OtsAi*a1!c JUS^ tllC material for * a ncy i^fli
They are a great help to the economizers. \*1TIS V/VerallS. waists, the new shirt waist BBS 111
!><•— 10 yards of shelf paper; all colors. m-. • ¦*, « » . . . . . suits etc It i«; a Vttrht c*»rviV<» %J 'W' xw
2%f KnHak folding lunch box- worth Kc 5Oc a pa«r— Made of blue denim and brown TV * ' ll P 15 a n S nt service- 7^
locZcarnnine stoofs covert cloth ' with red P ! P 5n » and red stra P s - able textur e for summer wear. a jard
' L_Z . — : j Ages 2 to 10 years. | The value we are offering!
Men's Suspenders r— ! H SSJ^'S?*^-
[Friday Only.] Tg « by shrewd shoppers.
THIS is thc famous Jm "§| Gx&j^&r *<dk 4tH&*<4w T^ i
"Prince" suspender, -M g \| MM g^ i S& I* lreWOFRS
m #\ the President."* Every MoF* now ready. Send:
R Hi A P air is guaranteed to be vfi^ '• -^L-^ * \* your name and address and we !
¦ II II P erfcctl y made and serv " 1m ALWAYS RELIABLE will mail one to you. Wc will!
IIIIr iccablc. They cannot be M 1000. iotxn TVTA DKFT «^T * T open a large store at 1145-1 147
IUU bought here at any other 14J8 , USMI J^XAKKt, I M.^o^ stre/t> near the CentraI Theater, next
time or any other store Tor A11 .. ou , . * -^v -... week. Every novelty will be includ-
less than 25c. This offer All the Shopping Inducements That Have ed. The prices will be the lowest,
for ioc is for Friday only. Made This Store Popular Are Still Here. |v Mail Orders Filled.
\\ BLATZ method is generally commented I
-H on as most remarkable and unique, for I
g|j?5|j? the reason that in most every par- H
{^^^T^ ticular it is original from a brewer's 1
/n$d point of view. i
H y}h ne very choicest of every com- B
W V|i ponent part of the Blatz brews is |
\i \mL the invariable rule - OnI y the best 1
A of Mother Earth's jerop is ever con- |
I sidered - Tne resfult is a beer of H
I >^ honest quality with a goodness all M
I v '^ s own * §
I) \s>^^^ Always the Same Good Old "Blatz." R
WtvTO a kali iokic o
P^jJ^ For Convalescents and Run-Dowa Systems. H
if VAL. BLATZ BREWING CO., Milwaukee I
|L SAM BBO ®> CO., 1
WHOLESALE SXAZJ3S, 212 8ATTZST STSEET, 13
«*a Tranolscow - Ttl. Mata 6859. ;B
.v
ISjStfv REFRIGERATORS j
WiI l * cee P Provisions longer and |
E^^Jj^^w^BJq Than any other Refrigerator on \
Tbe Ur & est Stock and Gnntest %
HPiilisliiiU Variety od the Pacific Ceast. |
W.W. Montague^ Co. j
i
I'd like f *te the Zun!» »n' the KanU in* the Jtps, B* **'i % jffll]iffiJ)VVv^ **£ 'Ji T\
The Moujik» in' the Moslems an' the Rotntayt mn' Lip ft; I I ' I Jf I'll t?j> i t]
I don't much care about the mmei they hire, but I molt iif *• I AmmSSi »ffl iflH MJU V I
It'll bo right «mirt initructbe jeit to nee 'en inyway. \R J / J NUgm flftl ll'lii IJty I \t
Whit'i the use to cros« the ocem and fer weeki or moathi to hike ' B yV J*»^Im}?iH R'ifj IM \
When the world in twenty raiautticia be ht »lon| the Pike; > A / I Is^'^Iy li-*j I*"' ''''I'lR
— "A B»lUd of the Pite," by Wallace Irwin. Copy. n_^i- if I i JpL'S {ij iYJ fulj i!} A fl
njhted by Coliier'* Weekly. Pahlijhed by pennlwioa. 1(1 ( M0M]}. I'M ' llrH ;' I* 111
To St. Louis and. Return § | li
Mirti ,ix,njjunei,i,i<,i6,n,m July 1,1,7,8,15,14; Hfc»^fii&itt| i| I Iffllilf
Au t ust8,9,io,iS,i9; September 5, 6,7,8; October j;4,5,6. KEpM^ ! ff'S^f'tfi fjvt I f 'gfiMlJfi
Take the Rock Island System md you go KM|jlBil|j|
thro' without change. Scenic or Southern «^^!llftW Sfl^lilxW/
Line, as preferred. Standard »nd tourist N§liHB!ii iiHHi#
sleeping cars; dining cars. . Trains stop at fflilSrT
Main Entrance World's Fair.
ffijw3RW|M"w!gg C. A, RuTHtiroxt), D. P. A.,
ffg£r»l rTHM iBk 623 Market Street,
Jffjy^y^M^ San Friniiia— .Townsend's California Glace fruits !a
artistic nre-etched boxes. 715 Market st.«
Costly Bugs.
t It is estimated that about a dozen
insects destroy every year in the
United States products that if allowed
to mature would be worth $350,000,000.
The worst are the chinchbug (J100.000,
000), the grasshopper ($90,000,000) and
the Hessian fly (J50.000.000). The ene
mies of the cotton-crop cost the plant-
BURNT OFFERINGS— R. C. El
mira, Cal. Sacrifice, including burnt
offerings, is mentioned in a number of
places in the Bible. Every. sacrifice
was assumed to be vitally connected
with the spirit of the worshiper. Un
less the heart accompanied the sacri
fice. God rejected the gift (Isa. I.
11-13). Corban included that which was
given to the' Lord's service, whether
first fruits, tithes (Lev. li, 12;
xxvil, 30). and gifts for maintaining
the priests and endowing the sanc
tuary (Num. vll, 3; xxxvi, 50). or
offerings for the altar. The latter
were: 1 — Animal — (1) burnt offerings;
(2) peace offerings; (3) sin offerings.
2— Vege tables— (l) meat and drink
offerings for the altar outside; (2) in
cense and meat offerings for the holy
place within. For Abraham's sacri
fice see Genesis xv, 2.
ACCORDING to press reports from London and
Paris the presence of Admiral Chadwick's fleet at
Tangier upon its mission of hope for Perdicaris,
the American citizen now being held for ransom by a*
Moorish long sword, has set the diplomatic hive of
Europe to humming. Spain is credited with a very un
easy apprehension concerning the ultimate purpose of
the American fleet and it is. said that she has even ex
changed notes with the powers anent the subject of her
disquieting fears. The belief that Uncle Sam wants a
port on the west coast of Morocco, seems to be the
nightmare that is disturbing the tranquil sleep of
fonso's kingdom; but with all diplomatic finesse his min
isters disclaim any distrust of "their great and good
friend — the United States.
How delicately adjusted are the scales of modern
diplomatic activity has never been so aptly demonstrated
as in the present instance.! A dirty Bedouin, who proba
bly rides a flea-bitten camel and daubs his hair with
goose grease . in true oriental luxuriance, pounces upon
a United . States citizen and with an English citizen as
his "other prize hurries off the twain into some desert
fastness, there calmly to swoke his narghile until some
body "comes through", with a good round ransom. Im
mediately the springs' of. action are set in play. An
American fleet moves,. ;a British', fleet moves, France
SERIO-COMEDY IN MOROCCO.
The Iceman's Dream.
Icebergs are the product of the
Greenland glaciers and are formed by
the thousand in the far northern
fiords, writes P. T. McGrath, in "The
Perils of the Icebergs," in June Me-
Clure's. As the glaciers sweep into the
sea they "calve," or throw off mighty
blocks, and these are what we know
as icebergs. Some are of stupendous
dimensions. Dr. Kane's Arctic expedi
tion saw one two and one-half miles
long and two and one-half miles wide
aground in half a mile of water in Mel
ville Bay. This, of course, broke up
into small pieces in time, which sun
and sea and tide molded into the beau
tiful and fantastic forms familiar to
the Arctic voyager. As they drift
south and the sun plays on the facade
It melts them into shimmering cas
cades which leap into the sea, while be
low the tide frets them into delicate
traceries. Then the berg gets top
heavy, turns over, and exhibits an ab
solutely new contour, and so the pro
cess continues until they disappear in
the Gulf Stream. The Labrador cur
rent which carried them on its bosom
extends from the Polar Sea, to the
south of Newfoundland, an oceanic
river 2000 miles long and 100 miles' wide
and generously bejeweled with these
gorgeous creations; and, as an.irrev
erent tourist remarked last summer,
they represent enough cold storage to
put the Ice Trust out of business and
give every American citizen a refrig
erator stock of his own*
Where the Money Goes.
The Prince of Monaco has gracious
ly consented to let the mystery of his
finances be unveiled in the Figaro. He
would have done this before if he had
thought that the world took any in
terest in the matter, according to the
London Chronicle. But he has been
brought to see that it is injurious to
his reputation to have it generally be
lieved that he lives out of the tribute
of the gaming tables at Monte Carlo.
The Monaco budget Is duly presented
in the Figaro, and it appears that the
principality has an ample revenue
quite apart from the gamblers. Why,
a thousand a . year is raised upon
matches alone! The company which
provides the refreshing sea baths of
Monaco, to say nothing of the theater
and sports, pays a handsome contribu
tion. So modest are the Prince's per
sonal wants that his Minister of
Finance has not given him a half
penny for three years. The total in
come from the Casino is devoted to the
cause of charity and the advancement
of science. "If you have lost all your
money at the tables, be consoled by
the thought that it is healing some
poor creature In the hospital, or other
wise spreading the arts of peace."
This should be inscribed in letters of
gold over the portals of the Casino.
ST. ELMO'S LIGHT — Subscriber.
LJvermore, CaL St! Elmo's light or
fire is the popular name for an appear
ance, sometimes seen, especially in
southern climates, during thunder
storms, of a brush or star of light at
the tops of the masts of vessels, at tha
end of ship's yards, or on spires or
other pointed objects. It is occasion
ally* accompanied by a hissing noise,
and is evidently of the same nature
as light caused by electricity from
points connected with an e-lectrical
machine. It Is said in Grecian myth
ology that Castor and Pollux, who
were esteemed mighty helpers *of men,
appeared as the light flames on ship'a
masts as' described.. The ancient
mariners looked upon the appearance
of these balls of light on their vessels
as a sign that they had nothing to
fear from a storm.
THE LICK SCHOOL — Boys desir
ing to be admitted to the California
School of Mechanical Arts, founded
by James Lick, will be received upon
recommendation of their former prin
cipal or school superintendent. All
applicants accepted on recommenda
tion must present or mall to the
school, not later than July 23, a cer
tificate of promotion from the gram
mar school.
The Patient Toiler.
Dunno whar I'll be
At de jedgmint day.
But I know I hoe de cotton.
En I bring de grass ter hay.
En de Lawd '11 sho' fergive me
Ef I only work my way —
Long row to hoe yet, believers!
Dunno whar I'll be
"Wen de wort' Is blazin' red.
But I toil ter make de shelter
Dat is kiverin' my head;
En de Lawd '11 sho" fergive me
Ef I give his chillun bread-*-
Long row to hoe yet, believers!
— Atlanta Constitution.
SANDERSON — A. S., City. Sybil
Sanderson, the famous singer, died of
pneumonia in Paris, France, May 15.
1903.
Anszvers to Queries.
CHINA'S WALL — S.. City. Tha
length of the great wall of China is
given as from 1200 to 1500 miles.
Tattooing tfte Eye.
That the color of a person's eye can
be changed by the use of tattoo needles
has been shown by an operation per
formed at the Massachusetts Eye and
Ear Infirmary, Boston, Mass., by Dr.
Henry H. Haskell, a specialist, and Dr.
Hefferman, the house surgeon.
The patient was a young man who
had been suffering some time with an
affection which partly destroyed the
color of his eye, but affected the
sight of that eye only slightly, says the
Jeweler's Circular. The eye contained 4
white streak, extending almost entirely
around the pupil.
The Instrument used consisted of flva
ordinary cambric needles, placed side
by side, with the eye end3 inserted in
a handle. The needle points were then
inserted into the sclerotic coating to a
depth of not more than one-sixty
fourth of an inch, each Insertion mak
ing five tiny holes. This was repeated
several times, requiring the greatest
care. To pierce the cornea would mean
an irreparable Injury to the sight./
A solution of India ink, previously
shaded to match the eyes as nearly as
possible, was rubbed in with a finger,
and worked into each of the holes made
by the needle points. The patient felt
no 111 effects.
Maybe Not.
Indicative of the fact that a touch
of the humorous is sometimes found
even during the ceremonies- attendant
upon the last rites over the dead, an
amusing incident occurred several
weeks ago at a local crematorium.
An aged gentleman of Swedish ex
traction for whom the appellation
"Ole Olsen" will serve all purposes
answered the final summons after a
brief illness. In deference to a re
quest embodied in his last will and
testament, arrangements were com
pleted for the incineration of the re
mains. Upon the day of the funeral
among those" who followed all that
was earthly of Olsen to the sleeping
city of the dead were two boyhood
companions, Jans and Hans. After the
last hymn had been sung those pres
ent filed mournfully around the cas
ket for a last look at the face of the
departed. Jan and Hans secured per
mission from the superintendent to
watch the final disposition of the body.
The attendants courteously explain
ed the system of cremation and al
lowed Olsen's two old friends to look
into the retort, where* roared the
white flames. The old fellows shud
dered. At last the body was prepared
and as the Inanimate form in its
snow white shroud was consigned to
the fire Hans in a voice trembling with
emotion was heard to say to his
friend:
"I tell you, Yan, if poor Ole bain
alive now he wouldn't stand for dose."
As the two old cronies with tear-be
dimmed eyes walked arm«n arm from
the chamber it was with difficulty
that the black gowned attendants re
pressed their smiles.
WE have had many foreign critics of American
life and in that respect we say with St. Paul we
are "a debtor both to the wise and the unwise,
both to the Greek and to the barbarian." By i this time
we are well accustomed to all the vagaries of the critic
tribe, and know how to smile when they try to be witty
at our expense and how to be indifferent when they un
dertake to flatter us. We are interested now only when
one of them presents us with something of a novelty in
the way of theory. Such critics are rare, but occasion
ally they show themselves, and, one of the best is a cer
tain Emil Reich, who, after "five unbroken years of so
journ in the United States," contributes the result of
his studies and his observations to the London National
He says at the outset: "Peschel and many other
eminent geographers have long ago proved that the
Northern American continent is. physiographically
speaking, very much inferior to Europe." He adds:
"Geopolitically it is certain that America is placed in
both a new and inferior position. If there is one thing
which follows with absolute and indubitable clearness
from European history it is the fact that each nation in
modern Europe was made infinitely less by its own
spontaneous efforts than by the necessity of averting the
hostility and aggression, military and otherwise, of its
immediate neighbors. * ¦? *' The. geopolitical neces
sity of fighting for every rood of land has never existed
in America. * * * The reader, remembering the im
portance necessarily to be attached to fight and struggle
against enemies as the formative agent of historical pro
gress, will ask whence there comes the undeniable
energy so characteristic of the people of the United
States. In reality the question is answered by a consid
eration of the foreigner as one of the richest types of
history. The Americans so far as the .majority is con
cerned arc still what in every European country would
be considered foreigners."
Having thus stated that our country is physiographi
cally and geopolitically inferior to Europe and that as a
race we suffer so much under those disadvantages that
we are sustained only by an influx of foreigners, oui»
critic goes on to say that the third great difference be
tween America and Europe is the American woman.
Upon that point he says: "The American woman, es
pecially in the course of the last fifty years, has assumed
an outward tone and an,, internal attitude diametrically
opposed to what it is customary to esteem as feminine
in Europe." Conceding that the American woman is
bright, energetic and ambitious, the critic asserts that
none" the less she is the source of greatest danger to the
republic. The "incredible host of boarding-houses with
which the land is eaten up" he attributes to the disin
clination of American women to keep house. He adds:
"One of the most serious questions which clouds the
already threatening future of America is the breakdown
of American maternity. * * * Statistics -reveal that
the United States can in no wise depend for its future
prosperity. upon! the offspring of its own women." He
concludes ,that phase of his review by saying: "It is
hopeless to attempt. to offer any solution of this grave
and immense problem. Many a state has been brought
to ruin by its women."
The American man is credited with many good quali
ties, but he, too, is found to be seriously defective. Our
critic puts it this way: "The American man is lacking
in natural completeness. We may say that each nation
has the women it merits. The Americans have been
unable to create that form of womanhood which in
Europe is esteemed best. The American consequently
lacks many of the influences which such women alone
can bring to bear."
Suchi being the conditions of our' country, our poli-^
tics, our women and our men, there remains the ques
tion: Can anything save us?. Our critic says that sal
vation, is not impossible, provided we get into war with
all Europe and thus obtain the discipline which war
against heavy odds alwa'ys imposes upon heroic souls.
Such a war he deems to be quite probable as a result
of the world-wide commercial antagonisms sure to re
sult from the construction of the Panama canal and
the opening of the Orient to twentieth century energies.
He, concludes by saying: "Should the Americans give
up the Monroe doctrine, should they enter on secular
conflicts with Europe, then, and then alone, will they be
able, in case of success, to aggrandize themselves to a
power of the first "rank, or eventually of unique great
ness." Here certainly is a theory so interesting it can
be fairly classed among the things described as "im
portant, if true.";
A FOREIGN OBSERVER.
The pleading of various municipal departments for
more money with which to conduct public business for
the next fiscal year has ceased and the pleaders have
retired from the contest beaten, chagrined and pouting.
Let the disgruntled ones now attempt an experiment in
economy. It will be something new for them and a sen
sation for the public.
Rough on Dog Tourists.
Special Correppondenc^
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL.
5 HENRIETTA STREET. COVENT
GARDEN, LONDON, May 27.— Not for
a long while has any more absurd
mandate been issued from a Govern
ment department than the British
Board of Agriculture's new regulation,
which has Just gone Into effect, requir
ing all dogs reaching these shores from
abroad to wear for six months there
after a sort of harness of a most extra
ordinary pattern. People who are In
the habit of taking their canine pets
with them on their travels are in a
huff over the measure, and as it will
be enforced ; with undiscrimlnatlng
stringency against dogs brought over
by American visitors the matter Is one
that will Interest many readers In the
United States.
The official reason given for this or
der is the necessity of protecting Brit
ish stay-at-home dogs from the dan
ger of being infected with rabies by
foreign dogs, though how the Board of
Agriculture's canary-colored' harness is
to have the slightest effect one way or
the other on the spread of hydropho
bia is one of those inscrutable govern
mental mysteries which hopelessly baf
fles the ordinary understanding. But
the edict has g*one forth and must be
obeyed or divers severe pains and pen
alties will be incurred by the offend
ing dog or its owner. With that mi
nute attention to petty and superflu
ous details which characterizes most
acts of British officialdom microscopic
directions are given as to how the de- ;
vice is to be constructed. This is the
specification which accompanies the
Board of Agriculture's mandate:
The harness must be made of canary
colored hide.
It must be lined with red felt, pinked
at edge and stitched throughout with
yellow thread.
There- must be a girth strap, two
shoulder straps, chest strap, • martin
gale and saddle. '
The girth strap shall be fastened by
means of staples and ratchet plates, ,
the staple to turn freely and to have
a small hole to admit of the string of
official leaden seal.
The staple plates and side loops must
be made of aluminum.
The plate on the saddle is to bear the
following words, deeply engraved, and
filled with black lac:
BOARD OF AGRICULTURE
FIST! FRIES
IN QUARANTINE
FOR RABIES.
I. D. NO
These directions must be strictly ad
hered to. No latitude is allowed for
the display of individual taste. The
substitution of yellow felt for red felt,
or red thread for yellow thread, w-ill
constitute a violation of the law which
may be sternly dealt with. It would
seem that the British Board of Agri
culture has discovered some intimate,
though occult, connection between can
ary-colored hide, red felt and yellow i
thread 'and the suppression of rabies. I
The cost of the harness will be $3 75
and UDward, according to the size re
quired.
When a dog lands it must be sub
jected to an examination by a veter
inary surgeon appointed by the board.
Whether or no the animal shows any
signs of rabies makes no difference.
After pocketing his fee he will proceed
to invest it with the weird arrange
ment of straps, buckles, ratchet plates,
martingale and saddle, and affix the
Board of Agriculture's seal, which it
will be a punishable misdemeanor for
any one but the authorized official to
break. And for six months thereafter,
sleeping or waking, in the privacy of
its owner's back yard or curled up on
its mistress' lap, the dog must wear
that harness with the accompanying
quarantine badge. And in addition, for
the same period, it will not be allowed
on a public thoroughfare without be
ing muzzled.
London Literary Chat.
Special Correspondence.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL,
5 HENRIETTA STREET, COVENT
GARDEN. LONDON. May 27. — Jules
Verne and H. G. Wells will have to
look to their laurels if Jean Delalre
can keep on evolving plots as uncom
mon as that of his new novel. "Around
a Distant Star." Mr. Delaire. who is
of French extraction, has published, if
one remembers rightly, three other
stories, but this is his first attempt at
fantastic fiction. Its hero has been
profoundly impressed by discovering
ihat the expanse which separates the
earth from the nearest of the fixed
ptars is so great that light from them
traveling at the rate of 180,000 miles
a second takes over three years to
reach us; that, in fact, we do not see
a star as it is now, but as it was three
years ago. Hence, if we happened to
be on the planet in question and look
ing at the world with a strong enough
glass we should see three-year-old
events in the act of happening. Go
ing- on, he decides that if we were
transported to one of the more distant
of the heavenly bodies with a speed
greatly exceeding the light we should
be able to see carried on before our
eyes scenes that occurred on the earth
hundreds of years ago. Now it hap
pens that Mr. Delaire's ingenious hero
doubts gravely the truth of the Gospel.
He figures, however, that, could be get
on a sufficiently distant star with a
speed exceeding that of light he could,
given a telescope some million times
more powerful than existing Instru
ments, see what went on in Palestine
1900 years ago. These are pretty big
"ifs," but the hero of "Around a Dis
tant Star" eventually surmounts them,
and. In company with a valiant friend,
he encases himself in a projectile,
¦which also carries his wonderful tele-
Bcope. and so effectually beats light to
the planet that he arrives. just in time
to watch on earth the events of Pas
eioh Week and thus convince himself,
end. later on, Christendom of the
truth of the Gospel stories.
American visitors to Stratford-on-
Avon during the last two years seldom
have failed to take a look a^ the house
in High street where dwells Miss
Marie Corel!!. Hereafter they will
have all the more reason to do so, for
the authoress has just spent $1000 in
having her residence, which dates
back to a time before the discovery
of America, restored to its original
condition. In 1459 the house was in
habited by one John Hannys, who held
the proud position of master of the
Guild of the Holy Cross, and other
illustrious Stratford folk lived in it
afterward. For a good many years,
however, the most striking part of the
ancient architecture of the- house has
been hidden behind a modern front-
It is this which Miss Corelli has had
removed and now the original black
and white timbers can be seen. They
form designs of the bell, diamond and
Ptax, while the so-called story posts
are carved with grotesques and with
the York and Lancaster roses.
Max Pemberton may be able to do
Bome little writing, but will not be able
to get to his editorial sanctum off Lad
pate Hill— where he guides the deEtl
nies of Capsell's Magazine— for some
time, as he has just been undergoing
a serious operation. About a month
ago Pemberton, who is a great, golf
player, noticed that it hurt him to
make certain strokes, and on visiting
a doctor discovered that he had an
abscess in the groin. The operation by
which it was removed took place about
a fortnight ago, and was entirely suc
cessful.
Mrs. Edith Wharton. who has ar
rived in London, is just in time to see
the English edition of her new volume,
"The Descent of Man," through the
press. The American authoress, who
is accompanied by her husband, has
come to London from France and
Spain, where the coupie Have been
touring in their motor car. They are
in England sooner than they had
planned, their first intention having
been to make quite -a long tour through
Italy. But the roads in Victor Emman
uel'» country proved too bad for pleas
ant travelling in a car.
It seems now that the lost score
cf Wagner's "Rule Britannia" over
ture, whose recent discovery has caused
.great delight in the musical world, has
for long years lain hi<Men among a
pile of old and supposedly worthless
music In the possession of C. B. GaTrw.
ble, a dealer in pianos at Leicester.
Mr. Gamble bought the manuscripts—
a trunkful of them— at the sale
of the effects of a Leicester band
master named Thomas, an ac
complished musician and in his
•arlier years associated with Weber,
Spohr and other noted composers, but
who in his old age fell on evil days
and ended his life in a poorhouse in
North Wales. Chancing to look over the
pile of music recently Mr. Gamble was
astonished to discover, at the end of a
long composition which he had as
pumed was one of Thomas' own, the
signature "Richard Wagner," with the
date and address added, "das 16 Marz,
1837. Kcmigsberg in Prussen." The
piano dealer lost' little time in sub
mitting the score to experts, who' pro
nounced the work genuine and worthy
or the genius of its author. How it
ers J60.000.000 and the ravages of the
potato bug are set down at $3,000,000.
The boll weevil and the boll worm,
both of which attack cotton, destroy,
each, $20,000,000 worth of plants.
Experimenters, scientific men in gen
eral, are working industriously to off
set the ravages of these enemies of
crops. It was announced the other day
that an ant had been found near the
isthmus which feeds on the boll weevil,
but does not attack the cotton, and tha
Agricultural Department will tak^
steps at once to introduce this ant into
the cotton belt.
War is being made every year on the
chinchbug, the grasshopper and tho
Hessian fly, but the reproductive power
of these pests seems to be so great that
they cannot be exterminated. Thi
grasshopper pest Is one of the worst,
as Is also the army worm, which is not
a regular yearly visitor.
When it is considered that the crops
have not only to run risks of $350,000,
000 damage a year from insects, but
that bad seasons, too much or too lit
tle rain, may greatly reduce the out
put, it can thus be understood that
farming is not a perfectly safe busi
ness. However, the United States is
such a large country that rarely does a
failure in crops injure all sections.
Damage from insects, however. Is al
ways found on the loss side of th«
farmer's ledger.— Baltimore Herald.
No Safe Abiding Place.
Little Willie. Bride is a bright boy.
aged about 11 years. His father and
mother live in Arkansas; his grand
father and grandmother live in Los
Angeles. The old, folks thought it
would be real nice to have Willie come
out here and spend a few months with
them, so they sent for him. Willie ar
rived in due time, properly tagged, and
he delighted the hearts of the old folks
by his brightness and cheerfulness. All
went well for about six weeks, when
grandpa and grandma .noticed that
Willie was not apparently enjoying
himself as much, as he did during the
first weeks after his arrival. ¦ They
said nothing to him, however, believ
ing that he was suffering from a slight
attack of homesickness and that he
would soon get over it. '
But Willie did not regain his cheer
fulness and one day he disappeared.
The old people searched high and low
for him without success and finally re
ported the disappearance to the police.
So one day a week later when Willie
stepped out of a freight car at the
Oakland mole he was promptly grabbed
by a police officer. He appeared before
Judge Murasky during a session of the
Juvenile Court.
"Well, Willie," said the Judge, who
was acquainted with the boy's his
tory. "Don't you like Los Angeles?"
• "Pretty well, sir," said the boy.
"You think Arkansas is a pretty nice
State, don't you?" said the Judge.
"Yes, sir," replied the boy, "and I am
going back there."
"That's very fine," the Judge replied.
"How do you expect to travel?"
"Freight, sir," was Willie's reply. "I
came up from Los Angeles in three
days."
"Well, well," was the jnext remark
of the Judge, followed by the query:
"Don't you think you would like to
stay in San Francisco for a little
while?"
"Not much," retorted little Willie,
quick as a flash. "A kid gets pinched
too quick In this burg."
came Into Thomas' possession is a
mystery. It was composed as a trib
ute to the British people and sent to
the London Philharmonic Society in
1840, but -was supposed to have been
lost In transition.
The number of American novels pub
lished in this country is steadily in
creasing and I am told there is keen
competition among English publishers
for the best of them. The latest to be
announced are Hamlin Garland's "The
Light of the Star." Robert W. Cham
bers! "In Searrh of the Unknown."
VaiTTassel Sutphen's "The Gates of
Chance" and James Barnes* "The Son
of Light Horse Harry." Samuel ller
win's adventure story, "The Merry
Anne," is being especially well re
viewed. HAYDEN CHURCH.
THE Wall Street Journal, the organ of the great
financial combines, in an estimate of election re
sults predicts the defeat of President Roosevelt,
because New York will vote against him. After as
scribing other reasons, including the power of Tammany,
the Journal says: "Moreover this State is the headquar
ters of those great financial interests which are opposed
to President Roosevelt on account of his action in the
Northern Securities case and the anthracite coal strike."
Perhaps it is true that the alliance between the Demo
cracy and the trusts is strong enough to make an im
pression on the vote of New York.
Iu 1900 McKinley and Roosevelt carried 29 States
with 296 electoral votes, and Bryan carried 16 with 151
electoral votes. To be elected now President Roosevelt
must carry 224 electoral votes. McKinley carried Cali
fornia, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Illinois, Indi
ana, Iowa, Kansas, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts,
Michigan, Minnesota, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New
Jersey, New York, North Dakota, Ohio, Oregon, Penn
sylvania, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Utah, Vermont,
Washington, West Virginia, Wisconsin and Wyoming.
Give Maryland; West Virginia and New York to the
Democratic-trust alliance and add to it Byran's votes in
1900 and the trust candidate will have only^203 electoral
votes to Roosevelt's 244.
While no one concedes- New York to the trusts
Roosevelt can be elected without it. The reason given
by those who hope to take his own State from him is
the reason that will give- him 244 electoral votes in
States that are not only naturally as Republican a3 Ore
gon, but in which the people are not lost in admiration
of the kind of high finance of which Wall itreet has been
the center for the last three years. These voters have no
prejudice against financiers nor the fair and lawful use
of wealth. But they object to such operations as have
characterized many of the combinations which have
lured the public to invest in securities that had no as
sets or insufficient assets behind them. The industrial
combinations which have created new wealth by the ex
pansion of production and economy of processes are en
titled to their share of what they create, and the public
who bought their stocks are fairly entitled to the divi
dends.
We see no evidence that such organizations have any
grudge against the President. But (the other sort th*at
use combination to take unfair advantage- of investors
and make their profits by promoting the sale of unsup
ported securities naturally oppose him and he expects
them to do so. His course in the Northern Securities
case, while it brings upon him the wrath of Mr. J. J.
Hill, has-been affirmed by the Supreme Court of the
United States. No good citizen, no one fit to have a
voice in the election of a President, can find any fault
with an action which is backed by that court and demon
strated to be only an enforcement of the law of the land.
The President has laid it down *as the rule of his ad
ministration that no man is above the law and no man
is below it. All must obey it. This rule he has rigidly
and bravely enforced, and it will be a sorry day for the
republic when a President is -defeated by asserting the
principle that some men may be above the law and'Some
below it.
Personally Mr. J. J. Hill is probably a very estimable
man, but even he has no virtues which entitle him to be
held above the law. The man on horseback comes only
when a free government finds it impossible to protect
life and property by enforcing its laws. When such a
situation as the existing lawlessness in Colorado and the
rights claimed by Mr. Hill becomes general then 'men
have no protection against assassination from one side
and spoliation from the other. The law leaves their
lives and property defenseless, and the man on horse
back comes to enforce, by arbitrary power, rights that
had no protection by the law.'
We do not hesitate to say that the defeat of the Presi
dent for the reasons given by the Wall Street Journal
would be the beginning of the end in this country. The
issue presented is not partisan. It is the issue involv
ing the survival of civil liberty.
If the voters can be lured into rebuking a President
for being mindful of his great oath and enforcing the
law against all who violate it it will be a vote of want of
confidence in free institutions. In that aspect the cam
paign is more threatening than anything in our history,
eten than the Civil War. In that great struggle it is
our habit to believe that civil liberty would have been
preserved, even in a divided country, by perpetuating the
institutions upon which freedom depends. But for the
people of the whole Union, of the united country, to
rise up and say that they will, hot have a President who
enforces the law is a deliberate act of suicide, the hara
kiri of a republic. ¦
In the face of such an issue all old party differences
disappear. Questions of finance and tariff are retired to
tKe rear, and the only question to be decided is, Are any
men to be declared above the law or below 'it? It is a
stupendous issue and the President is to be the objective
of this sinister attack. He becomes the representative
of the lawful rights of his countrymen and stands for
something greater than the policies of a party, for he
represents the essential principles of a free, society
ruled by law. , •.
sends a ship or two to protect her interests, much coal
is burned and large quantities of powder popped off in
the courtesy of salutes. The Bedouin, meanwhile,
smokes his narghile and waits.
Then comes the news- of uneasiness. on the part of the
peaceful citizens of Morocco. The report is spread that
the foreign' pigs have come to root out the Mohammt
dan religion and the cry of "Din, Din Mohammed" be
gins to swell along the Afric shore with unmusical
energy. The Sultan protests his innocence of any intent
to do aught but bring. the Bedouin to justice and then
calls for' his narghile that , he may smoke— and wait.
From the center, of this puddle the ripples roll back to
France, to Spain and across the Atlantic to the United
States and -what was the merry, prank of a merry
Bedouin has grown to the dignity of an international
episode.
Were it not that the life of Perdicaris is at stake in
this garaewe could give ourselves over to enjoyment of
this opera bouffe. Aside from its comedy features, how
ever, the incident has some very wholesome significance.
It has demonstrated that the old Roman boast has its
strong reflection in the code of the American nation. An
American citizen in distress can command the battle
ships of his country though he be in another hemi
sphere. Another very gratifying development of the
incident is that made manifest by the very fear3 of
Europe. Where our ships are, there are centered the
keen speculations of the nations. The flag flying from
their forepeaks represents something which is daily be
coming more and more a matter for respectful consid
eration and cautious courtesy on the part of all the
powers of the world.
ROOSEVELT AND WALL STREET.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 10, 1904.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . ? .v. ;;:Vv; Address All Comdlmications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office • •• 1 • • • • • • Third and Market Streets, S. P.
FRIDAY ? ........;...............;.... ..........;..... ...... JUNE io, 1994
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tas
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 330 Cai-
If ornia street. Telephone Main 1041, •
8
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESThe officers, both field and staff, of
the First Regiment, League of the
Cross Cadets, formally opened their
new gymnasium ¦¦ in their building,
1139 Market street, last night. The
gymnasium is large and spacious and
exceptionally well equipped. The ca
dets occupy the rest of the building,
there ' being various company rooms,
library, billiard hall, reception-room
and officers' rooms. Guests of the of
ficers were shown through the build
ing by the proud cadets, while the
regimental band under [ Ernest "Wil
liams played numerous selections.
The reception committee comprised
Lieutenant Colonel P. J. HageTerty,
chairman: Major Joseph G. Morris
sey. Captain John Daly, Lieutenant
Thomas Curtln and Sergeant Thomas
Curran. -
League of the Cross Cadets' New
Quarters Are Inspected by
Many Guests.
GYMNASIUM OPENED
BY CADET OFFICERS
Mrs. John McLaren, wife of John
McLaren, superintendent of Golden
Gate Park, who with her husband left
this city on a trip to Scotland a few
days ago, met with a serious accident
in Colorado last Tuesday. Mrs. Mc-
Laren was on board a Denver and Rio
Grande train and passing through the
Royal Gorge when the car suddenly
lurched, throwing her against an op
posite seat and breaking her leg be
tween the knee and the hip.
As soon as the train arrived at Den
ver the injured lady was removed to a
hospital, where she Is being cared for.
About four years ago Mrs. McLaren
had a similar misfortune in this*city.
While at a social function she slipped
and fell on a smooth floor, dislocating
her hip. Mr. McLaren will continue
the Journey alone and will take his
wife home on his return trip.
Wife of Park Superintendent Sustains
Fracture of Leg While Pass-
Ing Through Colorado.
MRS. McLAREN MEETS
WITH AX ACCIDENT
Frank Ballard, alias Alan Dale, a
notorious crook, convicted by a jury
in Judge Dunne's court on a charge of
robbery, was sentenced yesterday to
serve ten years in Folsom penitentiary.
He choked Thomas Cronan, a visitor
to the city, and robbed him of $30 at
Commercial and Kearny streets on the
morning of October 19. His usual
mode of robbery was to give his vic
tim "knock-out drops."
Edward Peterson, alias Henry Peter
son, pleaded grullty before. Judge Ges
ford in Judge Cook's court yesterday
to a charge of burglary and also to a
charge of assault with a deadly
weapon, which was originally assault
to murder. He was sentenced to serve
five years in Folsom penitentiary on
the two charges. He was tried on the
burglary charge on Tuesday, but the
Jury disagreed. On the night of Jan
uary 31 Peterson entered the restau
rant of Charles W. Baker, 38 Seventh
street, and stole $5 from the till. He
was seen by Henry TIetJen, whom he
struck on the head •with a piece of
iron pipe.
Charles Coward, a boy, who pleaded
guilty In Judge Dunne's court to a
charge of btfrglary for entering the
residence of J. W. Orr, 24 20 Gough
street, on March 9, was sent to the
lone Reform School.
Edward Peterson, After Jury Dis
agrees, Pleads Guilty- to Two
Charges and Gets Five Years.
BALLARD SENTENCED TO
TEN YEARS FOB ROBBERY
WANTS HIS BICYCLE BACK.— Julius Men
xlnsky. 31S Pine street, obtained a warrant
from Police Judge Mogan yesterday lor the ar
rest of James Jackson, a colored man, on a
charge of misdemeanor embezzlement. Jack
con has been /or a few days janitor In the
building and on Wednesday he aeked Menzln
sky for the loan of his bicycle for fifteen min
utes to go to a store for a chisel. He got the
machine, but did not return.
Do You Wear Clothing?
We place on sale 300 uncalled-for and
misfit men's suits from the State's lead
ing tailors, values from $15 to $30. Now
On sale. Your choice $7 50, no more, no
less. All styles, all sizes. 44 Sixth sU,
half block from Market. •
Grand Cruise to Tahiti.
The wonderful South Sea Island festi
val, "Fall of the Bastile," will be held
in July at Tahiti. Anisic, sacred dances,
flre walking, feasting; see the natives In
their great celebration. Special excur
sion leaves San Francisco on steamer
"Mariposa" July 2, returning August 1.
Ask the Oceanic Steamship Company,
643 Market fit. •
Articles of incorporation were filed
yesterday with the County Clerk by
the Darland Airship Company. The
capital stock is $1,000,000. Among
other things the purpose of the corpo
ration Is to "manufacture airships for
freight, passenger and other pur
poses." . The incorporators are L. S.
Darland, E. L. Geist, A. D. Hawley,
J. L. Day, A. W. Linforth, General A.
J. Gooch and Harry C. Baker. There
is $700 worth of stock actually sub
scribed. *
Airship Company Incorporates.
PERSONAL.
M. A. Murphy, manager of the Tesla
coal mines, is at the. Lick.
E. H. Watrous, a capitalist of New
York, is at the St. Francis.
D. J. McFalL a mining man of Ne
vada City, is at the Grand.
Dr. and Mrs. M.\ L. King of New
York are at the St. Francis.
State Fish Commissioner W. E.
Gerber of Sacramento is at the Palace.
George G. Wilcox, ' a wealthy lum
ber man of Chicago, Is at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. E. P. Lowe of New
Orleans arrived at the St. Francis yes
terday.
Bank Commissioner Guy -Bar-ham is
up from Los Angeles and staying at
the St. Francis.
Richard Burk^ a barrister of Ire
land, whose wife was the daughter
of the late James Donohue, is staying
at the Occidental.
Adolph Meyer, a banker and coffee
planter of Guatemala, who has been
visiting the East, returned yesterday
and is at the Palace.
G. McM. Ross, superintendent of the
pumping station at the Comstock
mines, is down from Virginia Cityand
registered at the Occidental.
Re-cedinsr the Yosemite.
The regular monthly meeting of the
California State Board of Trade will
be held at the rooms of the board in
the Ferry building next Tuesday at
1:30 p. m. The question of re-ceding
Yosemite Valley to the Federal Gov
ernment will be made a special subject
for. consideration. H. R. McNoble,
past grand president of the -Native
Sons of the Golden West; will be pres
ent and take part in the discussion.
CARE OF ORPHANS.— The Oood Templars'
Home yesterday filed a petition asking the
court to cite Palmer Brooks to ahow cause why
he should not par the Institution the aum of
$736 for the lodging, care and ¦choolinr of
Kdward II. and Clarence E. Ludlum. of whom
he Is guardian. It Is alleged that each of the
boys has coma into possession . of $6000 from
the estates of their father and uncle. .
From Sherwood a daylight stage runs
through Mendocino and Humboldt coun
ties for £ureka, making a through ride
from San Francisco to Eureka, which
can be traveled with ease and comfort.
On Sundays there are two trains -each
way to Wineburg, Sonoma, Agua Cal
iente, Verano and Glen Ellen and inter
mediate points, the last on thevreturn
leaving Glen Ellen at 6:15 p. m. and ar
riving in San Francisco at 8:46 p. m.
The last train on Sundays from the
Guerneville branch leaves Camp Vaca
tion at 5 p. m. and Guerneville at 5:20
p. m., stopping at intermediate points
c and arriving in San Francisco at 8:45
p. m. This gives the visitors a good long
day on those branches and brings them
home in the cool of the evening. • ¦
Since May 1st the new schedule and
the special rates for the summer have
been in effect. There are an increased
number of trains, a fast train to Ukiah
and Willlts and separate trains to' points
on the Guerneville and Sonoma branches.
The extension of the road to Sherwood
from Willits has been finished and is
regularly operated. This opens to the
general public an entirely new country.
The line passes the large and extensive
mills of the Northwestern Redwood
Company to the Summit, an elevation of
2395 feet, and runs through the Sher
wood Valley. From En Cima a view of
redwood forests not yet touched by man
«tends for miles and miles, and in the
distance is seen the Pacific Ocean.
Two trains daily run Detween Willits
and Sherwood, thus affording all visit
ors to Mendoclno County an opportunity
to view what is considered one of the
grandest and most magnificent scenes
in the State of California.
Special Rates and Train Service on the
Califorina Northwestern Railway.
The properties of the Jose Guar
diola estate were sold at auction by
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. yesterday.
They brought, subject to the confirm
ation of the court, the total of $738,
500. The sale took place in the Mills
building. Men of wealth were pres
ent and the bidding was quite lively.
The various holdings have been pre
viously described. The parcel on Cal
ifornia and Sansome streets, at the
northeast corner, with improvements
that bring in $10,500 per annum,
went for $349,000. Nos. 34 to 52 El
lis street, 137:6 feet west of Stockton,
with improvements renting for $11,-
S52 net, was sold for $315,000. Nos.
117 and 119 Pine street, with improve
ments consisting of a three-story and
basement brick building, with lot 50x
91:8 feet, went for $57,000. The Palo
Alto stable property on O'Farrell
street, Nos. 318 and 320, waa bidden
in for $76,000. The lot and improve
ments on O'Farrell street, rented as a
piano warehouse, was sold fqr $36,000.
A Placer County farm of 1522 acres
was sold for $5500.
Shaimvald, Buckbee & Co. Dispose of
Kstatc Holdings at Pall of the
Hammer.
GUARDIOLA PROPERTIES
ARE SOLD FOR $738,500
It, was with difficulty that those who
journeyed to the Foresters' carnival
after S o'clock last night managed to
elbow their way Into the grounds.ow
lng to the immense throng that filled
every nook and corner of the big in
closure at Eleventh and Market
streets. All records were broken for
attendance. Despite the crowd there
was perfect order, owing to the ad
mirable special police system. Com
pany A of the First Regiment, N. G:
C, under command of Captain George
T. Ballinger, and Company F, Cap
tain J. F. Eggert commanding, were
the guests of honor and executed sev
eral intricate military maneuvers in
the grand court. Fraviolo In her dare
devil "loop the loop" act was the cen
ter of attraction and all of the other
meritorious concessions were liberally
patronized.
This afternoon the inmates of the
orphan asylums will attend the car
nival as the guests of the general re
lief committee of the Foresters of
America. Everything will be done to
make the homeless little ones as hap
py as possible. To-night the Native
Sons and Daughters will take the fair
by storm. A special fireworks display
has been arranged in their honor. To
morrow- afternoon the public school
children' will be admitted to the car
nival and concessions at half the usual
rates.
Foresters of America Street Fair Con
tinues to Prove Leading Amuse
ment In the City.
Jackie Greenshaw was ordered by
the court to pay $25 a month and $35
fees pending the hearing of his com
plaint against his wife, Fannie, for
divorce.
Suits for divorce were filed yester
day by Isabel Santich vs. George M.
Santich, cruelty; Anna Cook vs. Au
gustus Cook, cruelty; Delia Arnold vs.
Oakley M. Arnold, neglect; Nathaniel
Lohmer vs. Mamie Lohmer, desertion.
Divorces were granted yesterday by
Judge Kerrigan to Henry W. von
Kapff from Isabella G. von Kapff, ex
treme crueulty; by Judge Murasky to
Florence M. Goddard from Joseph C.
Goddard, cruelty; Andrew S. Wilson
from Mary Wilson, desertion.
Judge Troutt granted an interlocu
tory decree to Lee J. Marks from Es
telle Marks on the ground of infidel
ity.
Courts Grant Several Divorces and
Applications for Many More Are
Filed.
Judge Hebbard yesterday granted
divorces to two husbands who com
plained that their wives were habit
ually intemperate and neglectful of
their homes and children. Neither of
the mothers answered the accusations.
Charles W. Lovell was given a divorce
from Agnes G. Lovell and awarded the
custody of their three children, aged
12, 10 and 5 years. Guiseppi Proto
mastro was legally separated from his
wife, Mary, and given the custody of
six children ranging in age from six
months to 12 years.
C. J. McClure, who says that he was
an army officer in the Civil War, yes
terday commenced suit for divorce
from his wife, Emma B. McClure,
who, he alleges, deserted him in June,
1900. McClure alleges that his wife
pulled his whiskers, made him wash
dishes and clothes, called him a liar
and hypocrite and denounced his pre
tensions to Christianity.
TWO HUSBANDS FREED
FROM DRINKING WIVES
IMMEXSE CROWD THRONGS
THE CARNIVAL GROUNDS
Leslie Herbert, a twelve-year-old
boy, who naively admitted to Judge
Mr.gan that he could "lick" any boy of
his age In the block, censured the Cook
boy for quitting while he was still able
to stand up. During the heat of the
argument Martin Cook Sr. appeared on
the scene and kicked young Herbert.
Mrs. Herbert secured a warrant for the
*!der G£ok's arrest and he appeared
before *oud?e Megan yesterday on a
charge r.{ battery. Cook admitted
kicking the boy, but said it was merely
a eentle lift fn recompense for imperti-
Morton L. Cook Jr. made the fight of
his l!fe Wednesday afternoon in front
of his parents* residence at 1473 Oak
street. The boy is 12 years old. and
although he fought bravely an eleven
ypar-o'.d boy from Fulton street, who
had red hair, also freckles on his face
as big as a dime, put it all over-Master
Cook.
Judge Mogan heard the story of the
song yesterday morning and decreed a
fine of $10 each on the singers.
K. R. Murai and T. Skomi, two Jap
anese, were sir.gtag the wild songs of
their dear native land at 2 o'clock yes
terday morning at the corner of Broad
way and Dupont street. One of the se
lections was a battle song of the Sa
muri and the noise the singers made
pounded like a waiter falling down an
elevator shaft with a tray of dishes.
Policeman Lambert was attracted by
the weird disturbance and instructed
the Jars to cut out the rough work and
seek their-' boudoirs. Disdaining the
warning, the sinsers fell into an em
brace and continued their cantatory ef
forts in a more impassioned key. Then
a blue wagron drove up and the Japs,
still j?:nping. were given a ride to the
City Prison.
Judge Fritz rather sided with John
ton's contention and excused more
than half of the panel. He then Issued
a eiH;clal venire for fifty more tales
men, returnable this morning, and In
structed the bailiff to invade the
w holesale districts and secure a venire
of men whose sporting blood has been
somewhat subdued by the cold science
of commercialism.
Most of the distinguished talesmen
had excuses for not serving on the
Jury, so Judge Fritz dismissed them.
Attorney Johnson volleyed and thun
dered against the make-up of the
panel, characterizing it as a Job to ac
quit a man who had deliberately sto
len a larpe turn of money.
The first three names drawn from the
box were Harry Corbett, Tim McGrath
and Eddy Graney. Closely following
came Jack McNamara, Gus Hagedorn
and & host cf other saloon- keepers and
well-known Ei>orting men. The list
read like a W. C. T. U. roll call of
Those not accounted for. Many mem
.jvrs of the panel were excused. Harry
Corbett said that if he was compelled
to serve there would be nobody ieft to
close the Golden Gate after nightfall.
McGrath asserted that if he were de
;ained on Jury duty Jack Munroe, the
heavy-weight pugilist who is to fight
Jeffries on June 17. would wither up
like a bunch of roses and it would be
necessary to take him to the ringside in
an ambulance.
Johnson is special prosecutor against
Sproat, whom the Merchants' 'Associa
tion Is prosecuting relentlessly. He
formerly had a market at Market and
I'.Ieventh streets, in partnership with
his brother, and it is alleged that the
firm sequestered more than $40,000 from
the sale of goods that they had obtain
ed on credit. Sproat demanded a Jury
trial and was granted it. A special
venire waa issued and returned yester
day afternoon.
With a vigor that danced the tables
and caused the empty chairs in Judge
Fritz's court room to jump up and
down. Attorney Hiram Johnson yester
day denounced the panel summoned to
try C. 8. Sproat on a charge of con
cealing personal property in order to
defraud his creditors.
A Jury in Judge Fritz's court yester
day acquitted F. H. Wells, a union sta
bleman, of the charge of assault on
Robert Hutchins. a non-union man em
ployed at thi> Stanford stables. Hutch
ins was knocked down and beaten on
Monday night while on his way from
the Stanford stables to his lodgings.
His Identification of Weils was uncer
tain and the defendant had several
•witnesses to prove an alibi.
Valentine Ballarato, while driving an
express wagon Tuesday on Dupont
street, knocked down Ah Sid, an eight
year-old Chinese boy. The lad escaped
without perious injury, but the driver
was arrested for battery. He was be
fore Judge Mogan yesterday, but the
father of the boy refused to prosecute
and Ballarato was given his freedom.
Nicholas George and Marie Angelo,
two gypsies with an accumulation of
dirt on their faces that was phenome-
nal even for that tribe, appeared be
fore Judge Mogan yesterday, charged
with stealing a horse. They had bar
gained with C. C. Philling *«- the pur
chase of a kr.ock-kneed,* spavined and
wheezy nag, for which the-v p— • - - 3 to
pay J5 50. They got the horse, but
failed to come through with the coin,
and when the owner went after his
steed it was missing. Probably the
gypsies had eaten it.
They promised to leave for Arizona
to-day and were dismissed.
Nathan Cohn, a character on the
water front, and more familiarly
known as "Domo Domo," was before
Judge Mogan yesterday and was found
guilty of disturbing the peace. He will
be sentenced to-day. "Domo Domo"
was annoying an aged peanut vendor
named Dicky Doyle and the latter
threatened to call a policeman- s. ¦
"Call him," said Domo, "I can lick
the entire police force of San Francis
co."
Just then Policeman O'Callaghan
came along and heard the remark.
"Do you know how many policemen
there are in San Francisco?" he asked.
"About six hundred, I guess," said
Domo.
"And how many are there of you?"
"One." said Domo.
"Then come with me, you foolish
man." said the policeman, and Domo
went.
Charles F. T^erge, the drug clerk who
made a slight mistake by giving John
McCann a slug of carbolic acid instead
of a dese of medicine for dyspepsia,
was arraigned before Judge Mogan
yesterday on the charge of manslaugh
ter and his hearing was continued un
til June 13.
W. S. Warfield has been having a
perfectly delightful time running a lot
tery in the Crossley building. He was
charged with the offense before Judge
Mogan yesterday and fined $100, which
he pungled readily.
Charles Reynolds thought he saw a
good thing coming his way when he
stopped Henry Travis on Third street
one misty morning a week or so ago.
Under the suasion of a cocked revol
ver Travis stuck his hand3 as far into
the sky as he could reach and Rey
nolds went through him. He found only
15 cents and was disgusted. While he
was expending the third nickel for a
steam beer a policeman entered the
saloon with Travis and after a positive
identification took Reynolds to jail.
Judge Fritz yesterday held Reynolds
to answer to the Superior Court for
robbery.
Fred Pierce, the elderly gentleman
who has been in the habit of stealing
plugs from standpipes on buildings and
disposing of them to Junk dealers as
old brass, was bound over yesterday to
the Superior Court by Judge Fritz, in
bonds of $2000. The charge is petty lar
ceny, but there is a prior conviction for
the same offense. About a year ago he
made a splendid collection of lead pipe,
but wearying of it he sold it. The po
lice found out about the transaction
and Pierce sDent three months in re
tirement at the Branch County JaJL
"William Johnson, who makes a prac
tice of relieving delivery wagons of
parcels while the drivers are making
goo-goo eyes at the servants in the
houses where they deliver goods, was
found guilty of three charges of petty
larceny yesterday and sentenced to six
months in the County Jail by Judge
Cabaniss. Johnson hypothecated his
plunder for booze and life was one
long, sweet dream to him until he
stumbled into the rAeshes of the law.
He was convicted on three charges and
sentenced to six months on each, but
the sentences run concurrently.
Anderson was before Superior Judge
Lawlcr some months ago and was con
victed of burglary. Owing to his
youth he was allowed his freedom on
probation.
At his hearing yesterday he blub
beredi and asked to be allowed to go
home to his mamma, but Judge Ca
baniss thought that sixty days in the
County Jail would be better than the
home influence.
George Anderson, a seventeen-year
old boy, who lives with his parents in
the Mission, is engaged in carrying on
a desperate flirtation with the yawning
pates of the penitentiary. He was be
fore Judge Cabaniss yesterday on a
charge of carrying concealed weapons.
He was picked up by a policeman at
Twer.ty-third and Howard streets
shortly after midnight yesterday. He
could give no reasonable excuse for be
ing In this lonei*- place at tb->» hour.
When he was taken into custody a for
midable revolver, almost as heavy as
himself, was found tucked away in his
clothes.
A mother's tears and pleadin&s yes
terday saved Charles Kunre from a
term in the penitentiary. The accused
was charged with breaking into a
freight car of the Southern Pacific
Company and stealing a quantity of
rubber hose. The charge against him
was burglary and the proof was posi
tive. Judge Fritz heard the case.
Mrs. Kunze was neatly dressed, and
even in her distress showed signs of re
finement and dig-nity. Leaning against
the Judge's bench she sobbed and
pleaded for her boy, beseeching the
Judge to save him from a felon's fate.
Touched by the mother's grief, and
with the consent of Prosecuting Attor
ney Harris, the charge was reduced to
petty larceny and a sentence of six
months in the County Jail was. im
posed.
nent language. Herbert's mother testi
fied to the pacific disposition of her
boy and said ahe could prove by neigh
bors that the kick administered by
Cook Sr. was brutal and uncalled for.
The case went over until to-day in or
der to secure further witnesses.
Special Counsel in Prosecution of C.
S. Sproat Does Not Like Venire of
Sports— Japanese War Hymns Come High
HIRAM JOHNSON OBJECTS
TO PANEL OF JURYMEN
THE SAN V FRANCISCO. CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 10, 1904.
9
AMUSEMENTS.
GRANDSP
MATINEE TO-MORROW— LAST 2 NIGHTS.-
• ' MBLBOURNB
MacDOWELL ,
In the New and Successful Romantie Drama
A CAPTAIN OF NAVARRE
PRICES: I5c. 25c. 60c, 75o
DAVID lELASCO
PRESENTS MRS.
LESLIE GARTER
In His New Play
DU BARRY
For a Limited Engagement. Commencing
NEXT MONDAY NldHT
Regolar Mat. Sat. Special Mat. Wed.
SEAT SALE NOW ON.
Prices: S2.00. $1.60. tI.00. 75c. 60c
MODERN VAUDEVILLE.
Truly Sbattnck; Avon Comedy Torn;
Leah Kussell; Orpheum Motion Pic-
tures, Showln? toa Brooklyn Handicap,
and
Marcel's Living Art Studies
Last times of Burke, La Rue and the
Inky Boys; Brandow and Wiley; Gas-
ton and Stone and the Power* Brothers.
Regular Matinee Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c. 23c
and 50c.
Columbia srs
LAST 2 NIGHTS.
Matinee Saturday — Charles Frohmaa Presents
MAUDE ADAMS
In Her Greatest Triumph,
THE LITTLE MINISTER
Beginning NEXT MOJTDAY,
E. H. SOTHERN
In the Miracle Play.
THE PBOUD PHXNTCE.
By the Author of "IF I WERE KIXO."
SEATS NOW BEAST.
I I VV L.I HOUSE.
ONLY MATINEE TO-MORROW.
LAST' THREE NIGHTS.
I SERGEANT |
I' KITTY |
USUAL TIVOLI PRICES— 25c, BOc. 75c
The theater will ba _^ »_,..
closed next week to III I KIN
complete preparations ¦ » VF a# ¦ 1 1
for the Tlvoirs superb _ _. _
production of the H II II II
American Comic Opera I | \J \J %J
masterpiece,
There may be a slump In business
But there's no slump in our business.
Nor is there In
w T <^ """
It \s a whirlwind of fun in three acts.
: Presented by~this company." "All Stars":
EDNA AUG. OARRITY SISTERS YORKE St
ADAMS. AL FIELDS. EDWIN CLARK BEN
DILLON. ROY ALTON. MARVELOUS CHOR-
US OF 40.
Same Matinees. Saturday and Sunday.
Same popular prices.
Don't overlook Lionel Lawrence's
•THE EIGHT RADIUM GIRLS." Sensation.
A Succession of Surprises!
FORESTERSlF AMERICA
Gorgeous Carnival
AND
Street* Fair,
UNDER AUSPICES OF GENERAL RELIEI 1
COMMITTEE.
a—TUAIH LOADS 07 NOVELTIES— 3
Magnificent Electrical Display.
A Feast of Fun and Frolic
Direction or California Carnival Company.
10O — ADMISSION — 10c.
OPEN AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Cor. Market. 11th. Van Ness ave. and 12th.
HOTELS AND RESORTS.
(New)HOTELBDTLER
SEATTLE
REMODELED- AND REBUILT at expense of
$2».OOO— New Management— ENTIRELY n&B-
PRCWW.
LOCATION— Very accessible to street ear
lines, theaters, etc. EUROPEAN PLAN.
223 ROOMS with LUXURIOUS BATHS—
Several private rooms In antique decorations.
Turkish Baths In Hotel.
UNSURPASSED RESTAURANT, De Stel-
g«r. Chef, formerly of Waldorf-Astoria aad
Chef to Prince of Walaa.
HOTEL ORCHESTRA: Telephone Cctuwo-
tlons In every room; lone; dlstanc* rnnnsilliais
B>ade with any part of the -Coast.
Wire tor reservations, at our expenses
HOTEL BUTLER. Seattle. Waaa.
. i — _
PalarA D <W f T FAIL TO
laidWC 8ee the b^tifai
j COURT Lounging
flfifl room, the EMPIRE
uuu parlor, the
C — J A PALM ROOM, the
umnd louis xv par-
ui uuu LOR^ tnd the LA
H~J.~1~ DIES' WRITING
Hotels room -
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
RUSK AND 8AZ.T MEATS. .
JAS.B0YES&CO. Sa^fjrsarkjg
ozxa.
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD * ELLIS.
418 Front at.. B. T. Phone Main Ul».
7XZHTZHQ.
F.C.BUGHES ««JS£gg«.r.
WEEKLY CALL, 91.00 PEB YEAB.
AMUSEMENTS. /
ALCAZAR1—T
General Manaset.
TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK.
MATINEE THURSDAY AND SATURDAY.
otrtDA's I I BoxAsca
[Under 2 flags
MARVELOUS SAND STORM SCEXE.
CIGARETTE'S RIDE FOR LIFE.
"Excellent performance." — Bulletin.
"Is well .worth seeing." — Post.
Evs;.. 23c to 73c. MaU. Thurs. k. Sat. 23o t» 50a
NEXT WEEK— LAUGH LONG ANI> LOUD!
CTHABI.E"S"S AUST—
THE COMEDT OF COMEDIES.
To Follow— Clyde Fitch's LOVER3' LANS.
Coming— WHITE WHITTLESST.
CENTRAL^!?
Market street, sear Eighth. Phone South 833.
TO-NIGHT— LAST THREE NIGHT3.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
Hal Reid's Phenomenal Eastern Success.
ITHEPEDDLJR
A Fascinating; Heart Interest Drama with s>
Wealth of Comedy and the Greatest of all He-
brew Characters.
PRICFS F, v * nlc *« 10e to SOo
I IUVLJ Matinees 10c, 13c. 23a
J'ext week — Mammoth Rertral of
"THE OCTOKOQH"
CALIFORNIA
f" LAST TWO NI6BTS,
The Stirring War Play of the South, 1
"TriE CAVALIER" I
Presented by fj
The Oliver Morossa Company I
Toe Greatest Stock Company in Ex. H
. Utence. \j
aSUKDAT— Winiam Gillette's Master- M
piece i\
"SECMT SEETXCE." U
R Tfae greatest war drams ever written. H
THE GREAT ALFONS,
Europe's Foremost Equilibrist.
And a Splendid. Show Every Afteraooa
and ETealasr la the Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
M1W1ATITBJ3 ELECTRIC EAIIHOAD.
Esmeralda and Her BABY MONKEY la th*
Zoo.
INSPECT CABARET DB LA MORT.
Hear the PNEUMATIC SYMPHONY OR-
CHESTRA. -
Admission. 10c: Children. Be
ailscrET.T.A TJ-rnrrs A2SJJSEMSSSTZ.
SACRAMENTO RJVER EXCURSION
SUNDAY. June 12th. 1904.
TO RIO VI3TA.
Via San Pablo Bay. Carqulnes Straits. Suisua
Bay and Sacramento Ktver. passing a score oC
rich communities, stopping at Vallejo and Glen
Cove picnic grounds each way. Excellent muslo
wilt be on board. No crowding, as limited
number of tickets will be sold. Take your own
lunches l: desired. First-class dining service on
board.
STEAMEB H. J. CORCORAN, fastest on the
bay. Leaves north end of ferry building, foot of
CUy •:.. 6:30 a. m. Returning, arrives at San
Francisco at 7:30 p. m. Fare — Round trip to
Rio Vista. $1; round trip to Vallejo and Glen.
Cove. ROc. Tickets for sale at office, of PIPER.
ADEN. GOODALL CO.. 24 Clay st.. and at the
wharf on morning of sailing. Phone Main 641.
BASEBALL.
AT RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
Oakland vs. San Francisco.
TO-DAY 8:30 P. M.
SATURDAY 3:00 P. M.
SUNDAY 2:30 P. M.
LADIES FREE TO-DAY
Advance sale of seats at 3 Stockton Street.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
S Steamers leare Broadway
wharves, piers 9 and 11*
Ban Francisco.
For Ketchlkaa. Wraagst.
Juneau. Haines. Bkagnay*
etc.. Alaska — 11 a. m. Jum
4. 9. 14. 19. 24. July ft.
Change to Company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vanooirver,
Pert Townaend. BeatUe. i Tacoma. Everett.
BelUngham— 11 a. ra.. J«ine 4. ft. 14. 13. 34.
July 6. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and O. I*. Ry.: at SeattU
or Tacoma to N. P- Ry.: at Vancouver t»
C P Ry
For Eureka (Hnmboldt BayV- Pomooa. 1:3*
P ra.. June 3. 9. 13. 21. 27. July S. Coron*.
1:SO p m.. June «. 12. IS. 24. 30i July «.
For Loe Angeles (tU Port Loe Angeles an*
Redondo). ean Dle«o and Santa. Barbara—*
Santa Rosa. Sundays. » a. in-
state of California. Thursdays, t a. ra.
For Los Aitreles <vla San Pedro asd EaaC
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Sant* Craa. Mont,
erey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (Sad
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. June 8. 14. 24. July X
Cooe Bay. t a. m.. June 4. 12. 20. 23. July %
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa*. Saata Ro-
salia. Gusymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Tth emeh inou
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1904— Th»
palatial excursion steamship Spokaa* will
UtTe Tacoma. BeattU and Victoria. June *„
21. July 3. 19, Aug. 2. 16.
For farther Information obtain folder. Rlg&t
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing date*.
TICKET OmCES — » New Montgom-
ery st. (Palsee HoteD.10 Market st.and Broad-
way wharves. TreUrht Offlo*. 10 Market at.
C D. DUMANS, General Pas»»n*>r Agaat.
10 Market st- Ban Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
COLUMBIA eaOs June 8, IS and 28. Jn!y e,
IS 20. OEO. W. ELDER sails June I. 11 aa4
tC July 1. XL 21. Only steamship line ta
PORTLAND. OR., and short rail line froas
Portland to *n potnts East. Through ticket* t»
all points. Steamer tickets include b#rta uvt
meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear it it It
s. m. 8. I*. BOOTH. On. Agt. Pass. Dept.. 1
Montgomery »t.; C. CLIFFORD, O«o- AgaM
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
oecanics.sxo.na i ff«
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thurs.. June IS, 2 p. m>
S S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. June 25. 11 am.
S S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. July 2. 11 s. ra.
iksnnms i Bsoi ca,izn.Ti:r!t oaa so iir-
ici. nsiflt QjgmnrcMi. mff,fi:ii; u. t
. loxrisxni raruuu nAHSATLixTiQai
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday Instead ot -flff2 jSn
Saturday, at 1O a. m., from Pier 43»' *Hw5rai
North River, foot of Mortoa st.
First elass to Havre, $70 and upward. 8«o>
end class to Havre. t«3 end upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. S3 Broadway < Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUQAZI * CO.. Pactflo Coast
Agents. 3 Montgomery avenum. Sin Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent*.
To XT. 8. Harr Tard and Tallejo.
8TMRS GEN. FR1SQIE. MONTICELLO aa<|
ARROW— »:43 A. M.. 12:30 noon. 3:13 P. M..
• :0O P. M.. 8:30 P. M. lex. Sunday). Sunday*
8:45 A. M. 8:30 P. it. Leave VaUejo 7;<x»
A. M, V.0O A. 11. 12:30 NOON. 3:13 P. M.,
6:0O P. M. (ex. Sunday). Sundays 7:00 A. It.
4:13 P. M. Fare one way. 50c. Landing aa4
efflee. Pltr 2. foot Mission »u Phase' JUfia
1608. HATCH BROS.
W. X. HESS.
Hotary Public and Attoraey-at-L*w.
Tenth Floor. Room lolS, Claus Bpreckela bid*.
Telephone Main 983.
Residence, 1903 McAllister St.
Residence Telephone Page B04L
ADVEBTISEMENTa
Lundstrom Hats
Are the most popular In San Fran-
cisco. Hat for hat. there are more
Lundstrom hats worn In San Fran-
cisco than those of any other three
stores combined. The reason is
plain: LUNDSTROM HATS GIVE
SATISFACTION. S a t is f action
makes a permanent customer and
friend of a transient buyer.
We've all the newest Spring and
Bummer Styles at popular prices:
$2.50 and $3.50
PACIFIC COAST
HAT WORKS,
1458 Market* Street
Opp. Central Theater.
And 605 KEARNY STREET.
The Perfect Can Opener— Free This Week to Want Advertisers I Edition
. ] PA'TTOSEEiyS. '_¦_ , • . - v
J&iy ,^^I7rT~^ * wanted to write to all my customers, tell- |
\^S. ~~ ~ -""""^ "y^^W^^^i petitors have their warehouses full of old P|
stock, for which they paid 20 per cent more g
than I am now paying for my new, up-to-date fi|
- • %, goods. . m
jl I am to-day sole owner of the .Pattosien g
c + n \\r'Uu t-u^ *;••«. ~t ** Companv. Every department is under my own R
Face tO Face With the King Of | supervision and will be conducted with the I
the Profession. I same efficiency that has characterized this |
$ store since its beginning. |
J8 I know that all customers of the Pattosien »
/O Cjlj vj? Company will deal with me in the future as ' |
//r» ( / jKZ^s-i^ * % they have in the past, for they know that no %
(/V y / g other store in the city can compete with me *|
// r J in either price or quality of goods. %
ADVEBTISEMEirra.
Comparing the Tones of the
standard Piano makes re-
veals the secret of the
Yose's popularity. A Tone
that is pure, a Tone that
sings, a Tone that is perfect,
has crowned the combined
efforts of genius and skill,
establishing the Vose as the
standard by which piano
value is measured.
Benj. Curtaz & Son
16 O'Farrell St., S. F.
|"VanVroom" j
| DENTAL PARLORS i
j i SIXTH and MARKET }
j: MERCHANT TAILORS. j:
;• 622 Market Street. \
; Up Stairs. Opp. Palace Hotel. ',;
i SAN FRANCISCO. X
> fo _ kgPJHfel Wear, iJACK MUNROE (ON THE RIGHT>. WITH ANDV GAIXAGHKR. THE CRACK AMATEUR HEAVY-WEIGHT. WHO IS HIS
PRINCIPAL SPARRING PARTNER. TESTING THE EFFICIENCY OF A CHEST-PROTECTOR AS AN ANIMATED PUNCH
ING HAG.— From a photograph by Dana i Petersen.
Cure Leads Schaefer at Billiards.
PARIS, June 9.— The score at the
end of ; the fourth round of the bll*
Hard match between Cure and Schae
fer was: Cure 2000, Schaefer 1623.
Two ; rounds of 500 - points each re
main to be played.
acceptable to our party." Vv . .
* In a game of croquet played this
evening with Miss Nellie . Hayes,
daughter of the proprietor *of the
springs, Joe Kennedy, one of Jeffries'
sparring partners, clinched his title to
the championship. Joe resorted to
trigonometry, to figure out some of the
more difficult shots, and then only de
feated the Lake County belle by a nar
row margin.
LONDON, June 9. — V/alter J. Tra
vis, the American golf champion,
dropped out, of the open golf cham
pionship contest at Sandwich after to
day's round under the rule whereby
players with a score of twenty behind
the leader 'are eliminated. Travis'
score to-day was 88 and yesterday 83,
a tqtal of 171. Thompson (profes
sional), yesterday's leader, is still
ahead with a total of 151. L. M. By
ers.Amerlcan,'did not return his card.
Travis Out of Golf Contest.
'Sale of Scats for Fight.
The advance sale of seats for the
Jeffries-Munroe fight will open this
morning at 10 o'clock at Harry Cor
bett's. ¦;. -¦•'.;
HARLEM SELECflOXS.
By ' the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Airship, Bert Osra, Gal
lant Casslc.
Second race— Bean Ormonde, Wain
amolncn, Fred Lcppert.
Third race — Leo Planter, 'Dr. New
lln, Eva Moe.
Fourth race — Foncasta, Sioux Chief,
J. Somers.
Fifth race— Regale, The Mist, The
Trifler.
Sixth rat* — Cornwall, Ml Reina,
Ryevale.
ANGELS BEATEN BY OXE RUN.
LOS ANGELES, June 9. — Portland
defeated Los Angeles easily to-day by
the score of 3 to 2. Both Baum, and
Iburg were hit freely, but the latter
had the better support. Thlelman put
the ball over the left field fence for a
home run in the first inning and Cra
vath duplicated that trick. with one in
the same place. in the second- inning.
Third Baseman Smith was put out of
the game for disputing a .decision of
the umpire. The score:
Los Angeles—^ 1 Portland —
- AB.R. H. P.A. I AB.R. II. P.A.
Toman, s. .110 7 .'! Drnan.cf 4 10 3 0
Whelr,2b. 4 0 0 2 0 McCde.rf 4 1 2 10
Bernrd.cf 4 0 2 2 0 Thlmn.If. 4 113 1
Smlth.3b. 4.0 0 00 Beck.2b.. 30X16
Crvath.rf 3 118 0Frncls,3b 4 0 0 0 0
Ross.ir... 3 0 0 :; 0 Schmer.s 4 0 14 2
Chase.lb. 4 0 14 2 Sllmn.lb 4 0 1 11 1
8pies,c... 3 0 0 5 SSliea.c... 4 0 0 4 0
Baum.p.. 3 0 0 0 3!burg,p..'3 0 0 0 4
•Eager... 1 0000 —
Flood.3b. 0 0 0 10 Totals. 34 3 e 20 14
¦ Totals. 32 2 4 27 11
•Batted for Ross In the ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles ..... 0 11 0 0 0 0 0 0—2
Base hits 0 1 0 11 1 0^0 0—4
Portland ........ 1 0 10 10 0 0 0—3
Base hits 2 0 12 0 0 0 0 1—6
SUMMARY. -
Stolen bases — Bernard, Toman, - Schmeer.
Drennan, McCr«edl«. Errors — Schmeer 2. To
man 1", Wheeler, Chase. Home runs — Thlel
man. Cravath. First base on errors — Los An
geles 2. Portland 4.' Left on bases — Los An
geles 5, Portland 8. Bases on • balls — Off Iburs;
2.' oft Baum . 4.\ Struck out— By Baum 2,* by
Iburg 1. Time of 'game — 1-hour and 40 mln
, utes. Umpire — McDonald. ,
Latonia Race Results.
CINCINNATI. June 9.— Latonta summary:
First race, six furlongs — Oudon won, Haidee
second. Trompeuse third. Time, 1:14>4.
Second race, five furlong — Odolleta won, San
Jose second. Wexrord third. Time. 1:02.
Third race, one mile — Montpfller won. Frivol
second. Dutiful third. Time, l:40> 3 .
Fourth race, Cincinnati tn»phy, five and a
half furlongs — Ousla won. Fisherman second.
McClellan third. Time, 1:08%. r
Fifth race, mile and an eighth — Sailor's
Dream won. Balrd second. Postmaster Wright
third. Time. 1:54. '- - - ¦- ¦
Sixth race, six furlongs — Jlgcer won. Bat
tery second. Icicle third. Time, 1:14U-
Reilly and Flynn Fight a Draw.
SALT LAKE CITY, June 9.— Jimmy
Flynn of Pueblo and Tommy Reilly
of San Francisco fought twenty fast
rounds to a draw at the Grand Thea
ter to-night. .
ST. LOUIS. June 9,,-Jack (Twin)
Sullivan of Boston received • the l deci
sion '; to-night over Andrew "Walsh of
Brooklyn at the end of the fifteenth
round of vicious fighting.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
BOSTON. June ».— Every Cincinnati "player
tcored In the sixth Inning to-day. Fisher gave
wny to Stewart In this Inning. Numerous er
rors-helped the visitors. Attendance 2000.
Score :
J» TT p»
Cincinnati 9 12 •• 2
Boston 3 0. 4
Batteries^-Hahn and Pttls; Fisher, Stewart
and Needham.
• PHILADELPHIA. June 9.—BU Louis-Phila
delphia (National League) game postponed on
account of rain.
NEW YORK. Jans ».— The ball games be
tween the Plttsburg and New Y»rk and the
Chicago ard Brooklyn teams of the National
League were postponed to-day on account of
wet grounds. -< .;¦../ .. - .
Detroit BaOunen Like the Looks of
Tannchill's Curves nnd Rons
Come Easy for Them.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(National League.) 1 (American League )
W.L. Pet. I \v t. v...t
New York... 28 13 .663 Boiton 29 14 674
Chicago 27 13 .676 New York.. •>* 17 5*3
Cincinnati ..29 15 .659 Chicago 25 19 - 5«8
Bt- Louis 18 20 .487 Cleveland ...22 17 5ea
Pittsburg ...19 22 AUt Philadelphia..22 19 .fci<j
Brooklyn ,...18 2« .409. fit. Louis.... 20 19 .513
Boston 16 25 .::90 Detroit 15 "6 364
Philadelphia.. 8 30 .212, Washington.. 7 Z3 !l73
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CLEVELAND. Ohio. June 9— After having
rhut the New York, out with three hit. for
eight Innings, Moore weakened and New York
pcored three bite, which, with a base on balls
»a the ninth, netted three runs. Attendance*
¦T900. Score*
Cleveland "' H < E i
New York 3 6 1
Batteries— Mccr* and Bemts; Chesbro and
xdcGuirr.
DETROIT, Mich.. June 8.— The Detrolts took
a treat liking to TannehlU'a delivery, earning
flve run* by hard and consecutive batting At
tendance, 1 GOO. Score:
__ R. H. E.
P«trolt 6 10 1
tto«ton 3 9 2
Batteries— Kitaon and Buelow; Tannehill and
FarrelL
MOORE WEAKENS AND IiOSES
HTS GAME IX NINTH ROCXD
CAMBRIDGE, Mass.. June 9. —
James F. Moran of Chelsea estab
lished a- new world's record for one
hour's riding behind four horsepower
machines at Charles River Park to
night, making 41 2-5 miles in the hour.
First Race— Passive, Sylvan Belle,
Laurel L.
Second Race — Grief, Ycllmantown,
Yellow Hammer.
Third Race— Misanthrope, Drum
mond. Satchel.
Fourth Race^ — Hilee, Ju£t So. I>o
linda.
Fifth Race — Elie, Eleven Bells,
Pourquol l'r.s.
Sixth Race — Dave Somruers, Clov
erton, One More.
By the New York Telegraph
DEXMAR SELECTION'S.
It is evident Jeffries has endeavored
to prepare himself for a sharp, decisive
contest, so that he can. If victorious, be
in a position to retire gracefully from
the ring if he so desires. There are no
more challengers for his tltTe on the
horizon and were he to be out of the
ring for a year or more training would
then be an Irksome task. He has a
goodly share of the world's goods and
his earning capacity as a theatrical at
traction will not wane for some time to
come. ¦
Whatever the outcome of the fight
between Jeffries and Munroe in Me
chanics' Pavilion one wee., from to
night may be, it is the consensus of
opinion among the boxing enthusiasts
that Munroe is the legitimate successor
to the title when the reign of King Jeff
is ended, either by choice or by neces
sity.
There is no way to figure Munroe a
winner of this fight on public form,
but he clearly outclasses every known
aspirant for the title, a sorry array of
broken down athletes at best. Here is
the list: Fitzsimmons, Corbett. Shar
key, Ruhlin, Jack Johnson, McVey.
McCoy, Gardner, Jeffords, Maher. Fer
guson, Russell and throw in Berger
and Hodenbach for good measure.
Munroe is two years younger than
Jeffries and his friends claim he haa
shown such aptitude for boxing during
the past few weeks that they will soon
be prepared to make extravagant
claims for him. He is thoroughly
game and has size and strength in
keeping with the title to which he as
pires.
This sort of diversion seems to be his
special delight, anfl he lets the ponder
ous ball strike him on the stomach and
chest and never seems to feel the ef
fect of the blows. He finished the day's
work by taking a plunge in the ocean.
When he faced the dinner table he dis
posed of everything In sight like a true
champion.
. Munroe and Jeffries had a mutual
agreement In New York to accept
Eddie Graney as .referee, but nothing
was said about this in the articles
when they were drawn/ up. Munroe is
not worrying about the! referee ques
tion, so it seems to be all up to his
manager, Harry Pollock.
One of the. first bets made on the
fight shows how wide is the difference
of opinion as to the ability of the rival
gladiators. A well known sporting
man has wagered $100 at even money
that Jeffries will not win In ten rounds.
From all accounts Jeffries would like
a little of this. '
Besides going roughly with Galla
gher, Munroe went several fast rounds
with Ivan McLaughlin and Olin and
Jack Sullivan and did aome shadow
boxing with Frank Rafael, the light
weight. Olin Sullivan nit the miner
rather low In one of these mixups. It
did not seem to bother him in the least,
but he smilingly cautioned his spar
ring partner to be more careful.
When Jack had finished his work
with the gloves the gym was cleared of
all the spectaors and tha big fellow
commenced to pull the various ap
paratus about. He tugged at the chest
weights, punched the two bags and
worked the wrist machines." Then to
wind up the work in the gym, he threw
the medicine ball with Andy Gallagher
for several minutes.
He was fast on his feet and "his Wind
was exceptionaliy good, for during the
afternoon's work he never breathed
hard. once. He was cool at. all times
and always ready to take advantage
of an opening during the mixups at
short range. He displayed great skill
in blocking all the blows Gallagher sent
in and few of them took effect.
Jack Munroe tried the infighting
game yesterday for th« first time sine*
he began training and the way he
went after Andy Gallagher made the
spectators look at one another in open
eyed astonishment. He was as rough
as a bear and as hard to hit as a clever
bantam. He displayed great strength
and if he can only do a little of this
kind of work in the coming fight, lively
doings may be looked for.
The miner and Gallagher 'started it
hot and heavy and went into a clinch
right away. Then they wrestled and
tussled about and tugged at each other
for several minutes. Munroe landed
some stiff short arm jolts auring these
mixups and Andy often winced when
he felt the force of the husky miner's
blows.
GRAVESEXD SELECTION'S.
By the New York Morning: Telegraph.
„ First Race — Flaminula, Seymour.
Greencrcst.
Second Race— Hcrmis. Ormonde's
Right, Stalwart.
Third Race — Gold Ten, Dazzle, Red
Friar.
Fourth ' Race— Africander, Audi
ence. Brigand. ,
Fifth Race — Bob Murphy, Embar
rassment, Go Between.
Sixth Race — Waterside, Voladay,
Martha Gonnon.
NEW YORK. June 9. — Africander
will be a starter at Gravesend to-mor
row in the one and a quarter mile
handicap. He is giving away twenty
two pounds to Audience. The day's
entries are: 1
First race, about six furlongs, three-year
olds. sellinK— Flammula 11«, Ruby Ring 106.
Juvenal Maxim Iffl Possession 10t!. Raider 105,
For Luck 104. The Cricket 113. Julia M 102.
Greencrest W>. Judge Denton lOt, Wild This
tle 101. Cheripe 101, Seymour 88, Palette 96.
Leto!a HO.
Second race, one and a sixteenth miles, three
year-olds and upward — Hermls 123. Stalwart
If*;, Ormonde's Rtsht tCfi. Ostrich 100. Alster
00, Bob Murphy 0*!. Funny Side 91. (Hermls
and Stalwart, Thomas entry.) *¦
Third race, five and a half furlonp.v two
year-olds Hanover Stakes- — Llndsey Gordon 1C9
Red Friar 107. Dazzle 10?. Hamburger C£>. Gold
Ten 99. Monacodor 97. Uamara 97, Kassll 94,
Carrie Jones 94.
Fourth rare, one and a quarter miles, han
dicap — Africander 12S Audience 106, Phaon 93.
Brlrard DO. Garnish 87.
Fifth race, one and an eighth miles, selling —
Hyland-lCtJ. Embarrassment" 106. Merry Acro
bat 104 Mackey Dwyer 104. Lord Melbourne
101, Trepan 101, Sir «oche 99. Ella Snyder »9,
Go Between 9S. Tomcod tit;. Bob Murphy 98.
Hetty G 94.
Sixth race, flve and a half furlonss. two
year-olds, handicap — Blar.dy 12S, Waterside
120 Flyback lit. Martha Gorman 110. Buttlln?
110," Voladay 105. Sailor Hoy 00. (Blandy and
Waterside. Bennlnzton entry.)
Weather rainy: track heavy.
GRAVESKXD ENTRIES.
Munroe Tries Infighting and
Hustles Andy Gallagher
About in Lively Manner.
Much to their gratification neither
Jack Jeffries nor Joe Kennedy were
called upon this morning to don the
jnlts. Jeffries confined his exercising
to the usual routine gymnasium work,
bag punching, rope skipping, the
pulleys and tugging with his favorite,
the big jumbo sand bag. Resting dur
ing the afternoon hours he went for a
three-mile run down the Middletown
road after the dinner hour, a - new
etunt- He returned dripping with
perspiration, but retired at once to the
rymnasium, where he again did some
light work witih the apparatus and
appeared to be not the least fatigued.
"With his sharp eyes, ever alert look
ing for something to kill, Jeff stopped
to dispatch a poisonous specie, of the
lizard family on the Jog home. On the
¦nay up the hill to the springs the
champion said: "See that belt? When
I came up here the first hole was the
right number. Now when I cinch it
up to the eighth hole it's too loose."
It took long, tiresome runs on the road
to accomplish that. Jeff retired soon
after his rub down.
Manager Billy Delaney thinks Eddie
Graney will ultimately prove satisfac
tory to all concerned and will referee
the contest. "When the match was
made in New York*" said Delaney to
day, "I submitted five names to Harry
Pollock and he selected that of Graney.
If Pollock is disgruntled over the little
blacksmith's decision in the Corbet t-
Biitt fight he has failed to notify me
of the fact and I think Graney will
officiate. At any rate, he Is perfectly
"No." he replied, "I feel strong and
fine. V»"hen I feel that my strength
has left me in training, that's the
lime I'll quit fighting."
If It should transpire that the com
ing battle with Jack Munroe should
mark the farewell appearance in the
ring of the greatest of modern pugil
ists — and such may prove the cas*» —
spectators will nee an athlete trained
to the hour when he crawls through
the ropes. No attention should be paid
to the rumors nvhich ( have emanated
from different sources to the effect
that he has neglected his training.
They are false, and may have been cir
culated to influence the betting.
Quite the contrary, Jeff has worked
harder for this contest than he did
Trhea training to meet Corbett a year
ago. He apparently realizes that, while
not meeting an opponent skilled in the
art of boxing. Jack Munroe combines
in his maice-up a generous supply of
"bone and sinew, and that two or three
rounds of fast infighting and wrestling
might place him hors de combat if not
ready and fit. Munroe will enter the
ring weighing almost as much as di<l
Qua Ruhlin when the Akron giant met
the champion.
This Is a fast age and people seek
for and desire quick action for their
money If inclined to gamble. Not un-
Ukevtf5rse racing, In the mad scramble
Cor dollars, all sentiment has departed
from the boxing game. Sullivan
earned everlasting popularity because
be tanned his opponents to sleep in a
round or two. Terry McGovern, a
miniature edition of the mighty John
L, became a public idol by sending
spectators home early. Jeffries is a
big man and the admirers of pugil
ism expect big things of him. In the
past he has failed to establish the
reputation of being a knocker-out.
Be should have whipped both Fitz
¦lmmons and Corbett in short order,
eay Inside of four rounds, but owing
to untoward clcumstances he did not
iflo the trick. He is apt to exhibit
more speed though in the coming go.
HARBIN SPRINGS. June 9—Cham
pion Jim Jeffries believes in testing his
powers of skill and endurance while in
training. After his work in the gym
this morning and while he was_j»Iow
ing out, some one asked him if he
was not afraid of overdoing it, so
fast and eteady does the big boiler
maker toil.
By P. E. MulhoIIand.
Training of the Champion
Has Been Aimed to De
velop Speed.
Win or Lose Mnnroe Seems
the Legitimate Successor
to Jeffries.
Errors — Brasbcar (2). C. Hall. Two-base
hits — Smith, Sheehan, Doyle. Three-base hit
Smith. Homo run — Frisk. Stolen bases —
Brashv«ar, It. • Hall, Doyle. 1 Sacrifice hit —
Branhe«ir. Bases on balls — Off C. Hall 3, off
Keefe 2. Struck out— By C. Hall 8. by Keefe
7. Wild pitch — C. Hall. . Left on bases— Seattle
6. Tacoma 8 Time of game — One hour and
fifty-five minutes. Umpire — O'Connell.
Seattle 0 4 0 0 1 0 0 2 0 — 7
Base hits >O 3 2 0 2 0 0 4 0—11
Tacoma 20 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 — 4
Base hits 10211121 1 — 10
SUMMARY.
Tacoma — ; Seattle —
AR R. H. P.A.j AB. R. II. P.A.
Van H.cf 4 0 15 OiDoyle,rf. 4 2 3 0 0
BlnU|>.L'b 4 0 14 3 Kliehn,3b r. 0 2 2 2
I>eleh,3b 4 0 0 1 2 Nordy.lb & I 1 ID O
Frisk.lf. 4 2 3 2 0 E.igan.M 5 1 1 0 S
Smlth.rf 4 1 4 1 ft Lynch.cf 3 0 0 5 0
Bra»h.lb. 2 10 7 OiCarfy.Sb. 4 0 10 1
Hall.ss.. 4 2 12 3 McLn.lf. 3 0 10 1
Wilson. c 3 1 1 H 4|Hoffan,c. 4 0 17 2
C.Hall, p. 4 0 0 0 1 Keefe.p. 4 0 0 0 1
. Totals 33 7 11 7 13 Totals H7 4 10 24 12
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
SEATTLE. June 9. — Seattle won a
hard foyght battle by bunching her
hits in the second and eighth innings.
Both Hall and Keefe pitched a fine
same, but the element of luck favored
Hall at critical timesA The score:
SEATTLE BUNCHES ITS HITS.
Error — Dunleavy. Two-bas? hits — Miller.
Dunleavy. Mosklman, Hlldebrand. Irwin. Gra
ham. Sacrifice hit — Hildebrand. First base
on errors — San Francisco 1. First base on called
balls — Off Graham 1. Left on bases — San
Francisco 6. Oekland 1. Struck out— By
Yerkes 3. by Graham 3. Double play — Ganley
to Devereaux. Time of game — I hour and 43
minutes. Umpire — Huston.
SUMMARY.
•No one out when winning run wasy scored.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINUS.
San Francisco.... 0000000 \0 1 — 1
Base hits » ' ] * l * - ° i ~ ft
Oakland 0^4 0 00 0 O 0 1—2
Base hits 0 2 0 0 1 0 v 0 1 2—0
San Francisco — Oakland —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. II. P. A.
Miller.s. 4 o 1. 3 3 Ganly.rf 4 0 111
Hildbd.lf 3 0 14 Q.Frncks.s 3 0 0 6 1
\Vldrn.cf 4 0 13 0;Schfly,2b 3 0 0 3 1
Meany.rf 3 111 O.Dnlvy.cf 31110
lrwln.3b 4 0 2 0 2Dvrux.3b 3 0 0 3 4
Tnsnd.lb 4 0 0 9 0;Mskm.lf 3 0 2 2 O
Reitz,2b 4 0 11 .TStrelb.lb 3 O 1 « O
Leahy.c. 3 0 13 2Hymes,c 3 O 0 4 4
Yerkes.p 3 0 10 2|Grham.p 3 1113
Totals. 32 1 9*24 12' Totals. 28 2 6 27 14
Ganley saved the game for Oakland
in the seventh. Irwin had doubled to
center and Tonwsend produced a long
fly to right. Irwin started for third,
but Ganley winged him out to one of
the greatest throws of the season.-
Miller also did some magnificent work
at short, while Dexereaux robbed the
"Rabbit" of a clean hit over third in
the eighth. Many tried to score on
Jimmy Byrnes, but the kid winged
'em all out on perfect throws to the
second bag. The score:
The score was 1 to 0 when the home
clouters came up for their final wal
lop at the leather. WaWron had
nothing but a pop fly, but Pat Meany
sneaked in a hit over third. Irwin
produced a soft one that netted him
naught and made the admirers of the
Harris aggregation groan, for it looked
dubious.
Cy Townsend's bat caught . the
leather right underneath and away it
went out against the center field
fence. Dunleavy was right under it,
but unfortunately he stumbled. He
recovered again and made another
try. Again his feet became entangled
In some 6t the rocks and he slipped
for a second time Just as he had his
mitts on the ball, but it escaped him.
The' roar from a thousand throats
was deafening as Meany turned third
base and dashed for the plate. Dun
leavy picked up the ball in a twink
ling and lined it to the plate. Meany
slld under it by a nose and San Fran
cisco nad its only run — made after
two were gone in the last inning of
play.
Oakland came up for a dying stand.
Graham struck at two and then. bing.
out to right field went the ball and
Graham landed on second. Ganley
next took holQ of the club and twice
he tried to bunt, but failed. *As a last
resort he swung squarely on a fast
one. It skipped over second base and
then Graham ltrmbered across the
plate with the one that counted most.
It was Dunleavy who scored the
other run for Oakland in the second
inning when he doubled to the' center
field fence, went to third on Dever
eaux's out. second to first, and ar
rived when Moskimaa died the same
way. w
The finish of the game at Recrea
tion Park yesterday was a fitting
windup of. a baseball battle that had
everything in it to thrill the multitude
and make the life of the fan worth
living. The strife was broken up by
Bobby. Ganley and Oscar Graham in
Hie final spasm, after San Francisco
eased her only run through with two
down. ' Score, Oakland 2, San Fran
cisco 1.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific Coast League.) '
.*- v • W. L. Pet. • I* Pet.
Oakland 41 30 .577 Seattle 37 32 .53<i
Tacoma . 40 31 .5ti.'{|S. Franclsco.3l 30 .44S
Los Angeles. 40 32 .55t>l Portland ....21 4« .313
Oscar Graham Tears Off Two
( Bagger and Bobby Ganley's
Single Ends the Conflict
DUNLEAYY FALLS TWICE
Third race, short-course handicap, steeple
chase—Sweet Jane 130, Eva Moe 137. Dr.
Nowllnj 145, Tatar 144. Falella 143. Montanlc
14S, L*.J Planter 138. Donami 125. (Tartar and
Falella. Hak entry.)
¦ Fourth race, one mile — Peter J. Somers 89,
The Regent 113. Foncasta 97. Proof Reader 89,
Sioux Chief 1C1. The Hfbrew 00. .
Fifth race, five furloVigs — The Trlfler 105,
Peggy Mln* 109, The Mist 109. Green Rose 102.
Cignr Lighter 1C8. Rather ftoyal 101, Happy
Jack 101. Regale 100. .
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth, selling —
Royal Arms 9*. Ml Relna 100. Cornwall If©.
Paramount 105, Ryevale 94. Marlln 102, Charlie
Grainger 111. Benson Caldwell 111, Hermencta
111 Leviathan 100, Albany Girl 100, Durbar
92.' '
Weather clear; track fast.
Second race, six and a half furlongs — Ar
morer 101, IJeau Ormonde 114, Tryon 08, Em
peror of India 101, Gilfa-.n 1<W, Commodore 101.
Fred Leppert 101. Walnamoinen lfX), Kings
Court 111.
First race, four and a half furlongs, selling-^
Foxy Grandpa 9-'. Eckersall 101. M* 1 1 wood 100.
Airship 105, L.idy Lasca 97. Gallant Camie »2. -
Bert O*ra 100. Lady McKeon a I. Tramator 10«,
Dixie Andrews 07, Del Carina 105. Anona U7,
Steila Allen 07. Tim Hurst 200. Magic 101,
Swedish Lad 99.
CHICAGO, June 9. — The entries for
the Harlem races to-morrow follow:
HARLEM KXTUIES.
SIXTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds
and up: ecllinz.
Betting. Horn 1 , Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
9 to 1— Federal. 101 (Lawrsnce). 3 lh lh
12 tol — Boaster. 103 (Aubuchon). 6 "h 2 4
13 to 5 — Sptncerian. 94 (.Shaver).. 2 8h 3n
Time. 1:42. Start poor. Wen driving. Win
ner, James Arthur's b. g. (8) by Kingston or
Burllnaton-Forethought. Glorlosa 102, Haln
ault 103. Position B0, Marshalsea 103. T^
phone 04, Olympian 113 finished as named. .
Time. 1 :U2 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner M. D. Miller'* ch. c. by Mad!son-
EnamH. Double 10-t. Girdlestone 103. II Dot
tore 102, Herlida 10«, Jack Lorry 103 nnish:d
as named.
FIFTH RACE — Five furlongs: two-year
olds: Dure^.
Bettlnff. Horre. Welitht. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
3 to 2— Gold Enamel. lnO (Hck). 5 4h Hj
8 to 5— Flaxman. HX! (J. Itookr) 3 lh 2 l',i
15 to 1— Chicago Lad. 110 (Kobns).2 3h 3 2
FOURTH RACE— Six furlong*; three-year
oldp; purse.
Betting. Hors.-. Weight. Jockey. St. «; Fin.
I) to 5 — Shawana. 95 (Auhuchon). .t 2 3 11
IStoC — Ccmodore. 1C0 (Oliphant). 5 4 7 2 24
12 to ft— Nw Mown Hay. 'JO tNlcl). 4 3 h 3 3^
• Time. 1:13 3-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, Talbot Bros.' ch. f. by The Common
er-Becky Sharp. Ananias* 100, Jim Tyrrell 97,
Alllsta 96 finished as named.
Time. 1:43 3-5. Start bad. Won handily.
Winner. W. W. Darden & Co.'s ch. h. (4) by
MncDuff-Kate Pellttler. Proof Reader »•«.
Glassful 100 finished as named. The, Regent
90, left.
THIRD RACE— One mile and twenty yards;
three-year-olds and up; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
4 to 1 — M. Beaucaire,103 (Boker) 4 3 3 1 \
11 to 5— Colonial Girl. 115 (Pujak) 1 1 ti 2 4
10 to 1 — Bragg. ICO (Knapp) 2 2 .1 3 Vi
SECOND RACE — One mile; four-year-olds
and upward: purse:
Eettlns. Ilcrse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?; Fin.
8 to 5— Gregcr K. 105 (Robbins). 2 21 12
Even— Talpa, 1C3 (Oliphant) 4 3 3^2 4
20 to 1— Sioux Chief, 101 (Booker) 3 4 1 3 ¦%
Time. J :42 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. W. M. Hedges & Co.'b b. k. (4) by
Phoenix-Kola. Dr. Stephens l»>t, Ontonagon
100, finished as named.
Time. 1:14 3-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, J. Gray & Co.'s ch, m. (4) by Loyallst-
Perltence II. Lord Wadswprth 104. The
Forum 102, Admonition 110, 112.
Ublque 93. Stunts 107. Miss Manners lOti, Old
Hutch 111. Decile 89. finished as named.
Patsy King made a killing on the
opening race of the day. He backed
Poseur, which opened at 15 to 1, and
went as high as 30 to 1, down to .8
to 1. Poseur got the best of the start
and was never headed. She won easily
by a length from Alma Dufour, the
11 to 5 favorite. It was said that King
cleared up $20,000 on Poseur's victory.
J. Gray and M. Fister. owners of
Poseur, were suspended indefinitely
with their stable, consisting of Poseur
and Gus Heidorn, after the first race.
The stable raced as J. Gray & Co. The
suspension was made pending an in
vestigation of the race. Poseur's last
two races were very bad. The track'
was about as fast as it will get at
this, meeting and the weather was su
perb. The grand stand was packed to
overflowing. Summaries:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; thre.e-year-olds
and up; selllnc:
Bftting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
H to 1 — Poseur. 1(X> (Gray) 3 1 Vi 1 1
11 to 0 — Alma 'Dufour. 104 (Shehn) 1 3 1»i2 2'-j
15 to 1— Bensonhurst, 101 (Abchn) 2 2 ',i 3 h
CHICAGO^ June 9.— Gregor K, eon
sidefed one of the most consistent per
formers on the track, made a good
field look cheap in the second race to
day at Harlem. He was second choice
in the betting at 'the royal price of
8 to 5, backed from 3 to 5. Robbins
laid close, up to the pacemaker until
turning for home, where he went to the
front and won going. away vrith two
lengths to spare. Talpa, the even
money favorite, made a game bid in
the final quarter,, but was no match
for Hedges' gelding.
Monsieur Beaucaire, at 4 to 1, won
the feature event of the card, a han
dicap at a mile and twenty yards,
after an unusual incident. While the
field lined up. at the barrier the web
bing was sprung accidentally. Most
of the jockeys thought it was a start
and the entire field went on. Glassful
was the first to- pull up and then, his
Jockey also thinking it wan 'a start,
went after his field and ran the full
mile. The Regent also circled the
track before he could be pulled up.
Colonial Girl and Monsieur Beaucairs
were pulled up after going about three
furlongs. Judge Hamilton held a con
sultation with Starter McKnight, who
said the barrier had been released by
a strong wind and that he called to
the boys to pull up. Accordingly the
tie-Id Wtis sent back to the starting
point and the race was run over. Mon
sieur Beaucaire won the race.
ST. LOUIS. June 9. — The entries
for to-morrov/'s races at Delmar track
are as follows:
First rac» four and • fcalf furl<vn?s. maiden*,
gelling— Fslicna 1C3. Laurel L 103. Besterlir?
102. Covlna 101. Mat-ra 97. Annlsquam 97.
Sylvan Belle 97. The Mlsaourian JW, De Vince
05 Passive 95, Glenflnlaas 92.
Second race, six furlongs, maidens — T*llman
tov.-n 112. Yellow narr.mer 112. Circular Jo*
112 J Relff 109 Bamboo Tree 1CD. Sweet
Note lOO. Musrovir 109. Bandlllo 109, Edn*
Daniels 107. Grief 107.
Third race, one mile and twenty yaraa. sell
ing— Jingler 1C«. Birdwoo.1 lf>6, Drummonci 104.
Little Tommy Tucker 104. Sapere 102. Genrsr*
Vivian. 101 Hansbcrough 101. Blocker 101,
F-rank Jones 101. Satchel 99. Helen Hay 95,
M'.!>anthroi>e 0O. j»
Fourth race. s«ven furlnn?s-WIllee 1C«.
Barkley 111. Just So 08. Dolirda 98.
Fifth, race, one mile and twenty yards. s»!'-
Ing— Branch 111. PeminW 111. Faquita ICft
Illuminate 106 First One 104. Pournunl Pa 4
1(X>, Eleven Bells 5>9. Nath Woodcock S>7.
Sixth'race. six and a half furlon=*. s-lling —
D?ve Sommers lf«. On» M^-e 107. Basil-iM
107 Swing Corners t'fi. Telly H 107. Aulc<
102* Noweta 10-J. Dr. Pcherff 10C. Clovcrt^n
10l" Gallawat-r 93. Hook Se Oka OS, Atlas 97.
Weather clear; track slow.
DEL3LAR ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE— One and an eighth miles:
purse; thre«-year-cWs and upward.
Bettlns. Hcr»e. Weisht. Jersey. St. % Fin.
K to 1 — llurrcur 07 (Plunkett). 4 13 12
5 tr> 1 — Eas Walters. 82 tPrkn* 3 2 7 2 « *
10 to 1 — M!s« Eon. 102 <P.Austi> 1 4 7 3"
Time. l:58li. Start good. Won easily. Wl-i*
Tier. A. A. Pogzrn h. m. <4> by St. Florian-
Mollle Pitcher. Helen Hay l»7. Algonquin 9«,
Mainspring 105. finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs; purs»; three
year-olds.
Betting. Hors*. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
11 to 5— Hoedown 100 (Perkiim) 3 15 14
7 to 1— Lady Fon'so. 101 (Schlck). 1 2 I!j2 nk
20 to 1— Ora Z. 95 (Dlckson)... 4 *3 3 1
Time, 1:18. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner. J. Hoffman's br. f. *3> by Hebartte-x-Coattl
Get Away. Kintr Fox II 102. Sadie Burc»» lf>7.
Sol Sm|th 104. finished as named. King I'ox
practically left.
FOURTH RACE — Seven furlongs; purse;
three-year-olds and upward.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to i— Vetasquei. 108 (Crawfor) 4 1 141 nlc
0 to 1— Kinrstelle. 100 (Perkins) 1 S nk 2 3
4 to 1— Jno Doyle. 103 < Blake)... 3 2 H,3 «
Time 1:30%. Start good. Won ridden out.
Winner W. II, Billing's b. g. fff> bv Fen
Stroroe-Eutalie. Behoove 104. Aminu 106, fin
ished as named. *
THIRD RACE— Four and a haK furlongs;
purse; two-year-olds.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 toS — Milton Young. 112 >l>. Austil 11 1 '.
8 to 1— Arlsna. !¦/» (Schickel) 3 18 2 nk
3 t>l— A Lady Fair IK) (PerklnsH 2 2 3 nk
Time, :67*». Start good. Won driving.
Winner. B. A. Ghlnn A. Co'*, b. c. by Cayuga-
MerlldPcca- Klsa?Le« 105, Jetty 103. St. Javan
108, finished as named.
SECOND RACE — Seven furlongs; purse;
three-year-olds and up.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. SL % Fin.
0 to S — Wissendene. H/7< D. Austin)* 3 1 11
30 tol — Bt. Vltus. 105 ((#ullett)...2 11^2*
8 to 6 — Conundrum. HO(Crawford)7 4 2 3 <i
Time, 1:31 H- Start good. Won driving.
Winner, P. J. Xolan's br. m. (3) by Pirate
Penzance-Bells of the Highlands. Lamanda.
88 (lost her rider). Little Giant 105. Eacanaba.
105. Lillie Lons 88. FeronU 103. finished as
named. 1
BT. LOUIS, June 9. — Secret iervica
officers to-day nipped an attempt by
counterfeiters to mulct the Delmar
betting: ring: of thousands of dollar*.
Officer J. B. Murphy of the Federal
department arrested two men. who re
fused to give their names. They of
fered $100 gold certificates to the
books and received change. The sus
pects were searched and 150 other bo
gus notes of $100 each were found
upon them. The bills were excellent
imitations. The department had been
advised that the men had left Buffalo,
where they had been operating, for
St. Louis. They bet $50 on the win
ning favorites in the first and second
races. They were taken as they were
cashing the ticket on Wissendene. It
is believed confederate* are operating
in different parts of the country with
the same scheme.
The racing was good, favorites and
well played choices landing in most
of the events. Summaries:
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; purs*; three
year-olds.
Betting. Horse, Wefyht, Jockey. St. % Kin.
7 to 6— Mildred L, 102 (BlaJce> 5 2 >* 13
9 to 2— Burrows. 102 (D. Austin). .4 14 2 15
6 tol— Ula Noel. 95 (Roach) 1 3 3 .: '¦>
Time, 1:17» 4 . Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, A. II. Pendleton's ch. f. (.3) by Orna
ment-Katie Longfellow. Happy Hooligan 9~.
Bush Smith 100, St. Roch* 97, flnLahad a*
named.
SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs: two-year-old
fillies and geldings:
netting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
20 to 1— Dorothy Gray.105 (Htgns) 2 111 l'i
1 to 3 — Veto 105 (Burns) 3 3 2 2S',
5 to 1— S. and Pepper. 100 <Rdfn) 1 4 3 a3' 3
Time. 1:04 3-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. J. E. Madden's tr. f. by Hamburg-
Mai-ni^ Hlmjar. Mabel Baker, I<aura, finished
as named.
FIFTH RACE— Ore and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds' and up; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
11 to 5 — Himself. 1«8 (O'Connor).. 2 13 13
1 to 2 — D. of Kendall. 119 (Philps) 1 2 2 2 10
12 to 1 — Raglan. • 105 (HIgslns) 3 a »
Time. 1 :f.2 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. W. C. Paly's ch. h. by Himyar-
Felicitis. Three starters.
FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-old flllle*; the Gazelle stakes. $4000:
Bttting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. "Si Fin.
I to (?—Beldame. 124 (O'Neill)... 4 2 2 110
10 to 1— Graceful. 121 (Odom) 1 38 2 1
12 to 1— Little Em, 113 (Hlldebnd) 3 2 h 3 6
Time. 1 :52 3-5 Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. N. Bennlngton's ch. f. by Octagon-
Bcltadcnna. ' Marjoram, Divination, finished
as named.
Tim*. 1:04 1-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner. E. R. Thomas' ch. g. by St. Gatlen-
Hr«vss Lass. ..Maid of Timbuctoo. Knight of
Westm. Annte Russell. Cheer Up. Sylvanite.
The Chanticleer. Tommy Waddell and Sigllght
finished as named.
THIP.D RACE— Five furionjs; selling:; two
year-olds:
netting. Hnr?», Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
9 to lf>— Niblick, im i H. Philips) 1 2 2 12
5 to 2 — Urus.'i Up. 101 (Hildeb) 3 12 2 %
6 to 1— Workman, 106 (Treubel). 4 3 3 3 10
SECOND RACE— about two and a half miles;
selling: steeplechase: four-year-olds and up:
limiting, llors*. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1— B'ack D«-ath. VIS (Mara). 1 4 15 1 2
* to 1 — Fiytnw Uuttrers,l:<»(Hny) 5 1 1 2 h
to 1— Fulminate. 14:1 (Ray>... 6 3 3 3 30
Time, 5:22. Start good. Won ridden out.
Winner. J. \v. Colt's br. z. by Sydne/.LJnnet
II. Pbllma Paxton. Walter Cleary, Hark For
ward. Tlrelw. East Kelston and Upton fin
ished as named.'
GRAVESEND, June 9.— It is not
often three odds-on favorites are beat
en In one day's racing, but this is what
happened to-day. Two of these beaten
favorites came from the stable of E.
R. Thomas. The third was Veto, wear
ing the colors of James R. Keene. A
strict scrutiny of the record of Young
Henry this season shows he has entire
ly lost his fondness for mud, which so
distinguished him last season. His per
formance to-day waa worse than any
one had reason to expect. He broka
slowly and did not show a particle of
s,peed, trailing the bunch all the way.
Duke of Kendal, the second odds-on
favorite to lose. Is a sulker. Himself
set such a hot pace that the Duke
could not be induced to show his best
form. In the last race 1 to 3 was of
fered and accepted on Veto. He beat
everything that had shown -anything
like form, but John. E. Madden's Doro
thy Gray developed unexpected speed
and fairly flew to the finish. Dorothy
Gray was a 20 to 1 shot. Summaries:
FIRST RACE— About six furlongs; handicap;
all aires:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. fc Fin.
» to 1— Monte Carlo. 05 (J. Jones) 4 2 1 12
J! to 1 -Hold Saint. 97 (P. Clirn) 1 S 2 2 1
1J to I— New York. 105 (Hlldeb) 3 4 1 3 3*4
Time. 1:1:5 2-5. Start poor. Wen ridden out.
Wlr.ner. J. McCue'a ch. c. by Pontlac-Trayan*.
feweet Alice. Alliance and Young Henry fin
ished as narred.
San Francisco Ties Score in
Ninth and Oakland in Turn
Bats Out a Clean Victory
Madden's Dorothy Gray De
velops Unexpected Speed,
Winning at 20 to 1.
Wind Releases Barrier. to a
False Start, and Race Is
Run Over.*
Counterfeiters Pass Bogus
Gold Notes on the Delmar
Bookmakers. 'j
GREAT FINISH
OF FAST GAME
KEENE AND THOMAS' HORSES BEATEN
WHEN HEAVILY BACKED BY THE PUBLIC
OAKLAND IS AGAIN IN THE LEAD FOR THE BASEBALL PENNANT
THE -SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. JUNE 30, 1904.
JEFFRIES COUNTS ON SHORT BATTLE
WHEN HE MEETS BIG JACK MUNROE
10
--- -it.,.-. - -1 1-,,-, -1 ..-.--»i««»w ~^^~-~ - - . ----..-
•- PfflL^y bottled beers, because their I
preservation ts {£ dined uirouKQ Ba.
0k - chemical adulteration. * v\
a Bottled beers, as well as food product*, are often adul- F]
B terated with chemical preservatives, etc., which for awhile H
¦ keep them from souring, but are injurious to the stomach B
I A. B. C. BEER is guaranteed to be absolutely pure and B
I free from any adulterant whatever. It is never exposed to B
M the air (which is germ-laden) but is brewed, fermented and 8
B aga« for eight month* in air-tight compartments, then piped in I
B tin-lmed pipes direct to the air-tight bottling machines, where 5
m it is bottled, scaled, pasteurized and packed for shipment. I
V A. B. C. I
1 i V* ? rfy b * er fcottte* exchnrfvely at the Brewery fl
I thereforetheonlybotUedbeerthatcaflli.bsolutelygu«aVteed.
1. The American Brewini Co., St. Louis. U. S. A. \\
I HILBERT -MERCANTILE CO., jj
}3 : '¦ "Wholesale Dealers. IfAdvices are that the steamship
Manchuria left New York for San
Francisco yesterday. She will bring
a heavy cargo.
Manchuria Ijeavcs New York. \
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low aWters
i • at Fort Point, - entrance to 'San Francisco
, Bay. 1 Published by official authority of the
Superintendent- . • . . -.,
NOTE — Tbe high and low waters occur at
Sun, Moon and Tide.
ASKS FOR RECEIVER— Tba Mutual Savings
Bank of San Francisco yesterday brought suit
to recover $8000 due on a promissory note from
P. J. G. McKenna as administrator of the
estate of Catherine Fahey, deceased, and
others. Tbe plaintiff ask« for the appointment
of a receiver of the estate. •
Bonfanti Becomes Insane.
Louis Bonfanti was yesterday placed
in a cell in the Detention Hospital for
the Insane at the City Hall. Bonfanti
lost 5600 about a year ago. Two bunko
men induced him to place his wealth
in their keeping, promising him to
double the amount. After this trans
action Bonfanti lost all ambition to
work and at last his mind deserted
him. He will be examined by Dr.
McOettigan this forenoon and, if
found insane, committed to one of the
State hospitals.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S V., M*r
• chanta' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
June 0. l»04. ',
Tbe Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p' m GreenwtSh time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant.' U. S. N.. In charg*.
Wants Street Extended.
The Board of Works has recom
mended to the Supervisors that the
offer of S. Ducas to deed lands to the
city for the extension of Manchester
street to Bessie avenue arid for a foot
path from Shotwell street to Bessie
avenue be accepted.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, June.fl.
Btmr Hamoi, Madsen, 63 hours from San
Stm'r Point Arena, Miller, 14 hours from
Mwidocino. via Point Arena 12 hours.
Stmr K A Kllburn, Jahnscn. 7 hours from
Port Rodsers. ••-.¦• ' ¦¦ ¦ .
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, 11 hours from Bowens
Stmr Westport, Smith. 17 hours -from West
port. ¦ ' ¦•¦''.¦¦' -
Stmr' James 8 HUrsrlnn, Htgglns. 14 hours
from Fort Bragg; bound south; put In to land
passengers. ¦ <¦ ¦ .. . .
: Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 41 hours from
San Dlfgo and way ports. ¦¦ .; -
Shipping Intelligence.
. Thomas F. Carolan yesterday brought
suit against the Union Iron Works
for $51,949 damages for personal in
juries alleged to have been sustained
by him while in the employ of the
defendant company as a toolkeeper
and helper on board the qhig Alaskan.
alleges' that he fell a distance of
twenty-seven feet into an open coal
hatch, which was unguarded by fend
ers. It is said that his mind was af
fected and he was paralyzed by. the
accident.
Cnrolnn Wants Big Damages.
The Supreme Court decided yester
day In the ca.«e of the A. P. More
estate that Cornelia Baldwin's appeal
from the decision in favor of the Santa
Rosa Island Company was premature.
The appellant did not wait until Judg
ment had ben formally entered, al
though she knew what the decision
was». Chief Justice Beatty 'dissents,
holding that a not too technical con
struction should be given to. the law in
the case.
Mrs. Baldwin looses Contest.
Mayor Schmitz yesterday appointed
the following as a Fourth of July com
mittee to arrange for the celebration
of the national holiday this year:
Charles Boston. Fred N. Bent. Rev. William
Racier. Thomas F. Finn. Max L. Rosenfeld,
Rev. T. Caraher, Rev. M. S. Levy, Henry
Broner. F. H. Hllbert. Walter Gallagher,
Hamilton A. Bauer. Frank French, George W.
Edwards. George B. Benham, A. Goustiaux,
Frank Markey. John J. Sweeney. Charles H.
Sommerlad. A. B. Treadwell. Jesse A. Galland.
Stephen Glanettonl, T. J. Sullivan. J. C.
O'Connor. David CostMlo, Stephen A. Byrne.
Names Those Who Will Make Ar
rangements for Celebration of
National Anniversary.
MAYOR APPOINTS FOURTU*
OF JUL.Y COMM1TTKEMEN'
Ex-Fire Commissioner II. V. Watt,
lay delegate to the "World'a^Methodist
Conference held in Los Angeles during
May. will deliver an address on the
•work of the conference at Simpson
Memorial Church, Hayes and Buch
anan streets, this evening: at 8 o'clock.
The Sunday-school will have an orange
social at the close of the lecture.
Will Deliver an Address.
The steamer Curacao, which sailed on.Tues>
day for Guaymas, carried ' an assorted mer
chandise cargo consigned to the port of desti
nation and other Mexican ports valued at $39,
234 and including the following: 5346 lbs
dried fruit. 47«0 lbs spices! 14:10 lbs 4 cs meals,
87 cu liquors, 71 pksw groceries and provisions,
4l.v.» gals 'i cs wine, 123 gals 88 cs whisky,
772 lbs tea, 123.150 lbs tallow, 4416 lbs rago,
110 cs salmon, 1*024 lbs eugar, 43 ctU barley
S'JO lbs 'M bxs raisins. 2500 lbs rice, VM0 lbs
83S bxs paste, 174 pkgs potatoes, IS cs olives,
7ti cs 2 bbls mineral water, 103 bales hay, 7
cs Klnger ale, 11 cs gin, u bbls flour, 20 pkga
fruit. LIWC lbs cocoa. 31,030 lbs coffee, 314 cs
canned goods. 7U92 lbs cheese, 30 cs baking
powder. 20T>0 lbs bran, 10 cs brandy 1254 lbs
butter, 1M1 lbs ltiS pkgs bread, 44 pkgn acid,
32 cs assaying materials, 63 pkfrs axle grease,
8362 lbs bluestone, 146 bales bazs, 115 bxs
cnndles. ISO coils cordage. 400 bbls 300 sks
cement. 23 pkgs cars, 25 pkgs drugs, 10 pkgs
dry goods. 30 pkgs electrical euppllea, 30 cs
fun.- 7 cyls gau, 707 lbs hides. Hi* bdls 115
pes iron, 23'JC lbs lead, 10 pkKs leather, 152.
148 ft lumber, 102 pkgs machinery, 42 kegs
natls. 164 cs S01. gals oil, 177 pkgs paper, 1KJ
todls 38 pes pipe, 108 pkgs palr.t-. L'OO flasks
quicksilver, 1107 lbs resin. 60 rails, 454 pktss
railroad material. 375G lbs rheet lead, 27SU
bdls shocks, 24.V14 lbs soda. 1D74 lbs soda ash.
10 bxs soap. 108 pes 35 bdls steel, 25 bxs tin
plate, 15 pkgs tank material, la pkgg wind
mill. 21 pkgs wagon material, ;»,-•• ,
The Curacao's Cargo.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The barkentine S. X. Castle returns to
Honolulu wltn general cargo.
NEWS OF TIIE OCEAX.
Edward J. Kelly, father of Charles
Kelly, a minor, yesterday brought suit
cgainst the United Railroads Company
for $20,000 damages. It is alleged in
the complaint that Charles Keliy on
June 10, 1902, boarded a car at Van
N'-ss avenue and Market etreet,' bound
for Third street. He paid his fare, it
!s averred, but the conductor again
: *ked him to pay and upon refusal
the boy with "great force and vio
lence*' wan ejected from the car in
front of and under another car and
was stunned and bruised. As a result
«{ the accident he is now Raid to be
insane and incapable of working.
Insane IVom Injuries.
Tbe name of the steamer James Dollar has
been changed to Santa Clara. Under her new
name she left Seattle Wednesday night for
Valdez.
The tug Sea Rover left yesterday for Sius
law with the schooners Oakland and- Sacra
mento in tow.
Captain George H. Pierce, who for some
montht! was marine superintendent of the
army transport service at this port, has been
appointed tu tbe ' command of the steam
schooner Charles Nelson. Tt»e Charles Nelson
cleared yiwterday for Nome and St. Michael
by way of Seattle.
Hay * Wright have secured the contract
for repairing tbe barkentlne Cardiner City,
which was dUmasted and otherwise damaged
at Redondo during a recent storm. She Is to
be restored to her original condition.
The Pacific Coast Stenmshlp Company's
Queen. Captain Cousins, nailed yesterday lor
Puget Sound tin her first trip north since her
narrow escape from destruction by fire.
The Pacific Mail Company's Panama liner
City of Para u due to-day from the isthmua.
Water Front Notes.
The American bark Holllswood, although
spoken off this port May 2tS by the bark Prus
sia, has not yet put in an ai'Pearance. She
i« now out 104 days from Newcastle. Australia,
and when the Prussia npoke her the Hollls
wood was short of provisions. The Prussia
supplied the hungry ship with what «he wanted.
Since speaking the Holllswood the Prussia has
reached Gray's^Harbor, but the Holllswood is
yet among the ships "to arrive."
H oil i*. wood Expected Soon.
TO ARRIVE. '
Steamer. From. Du«-
Chehalis San Pedro June 10
Eureka Humboldt June 10
City Para New York via Panama. June 10
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports June 10
Corona Humboldt June 10
Elizabeth Coqullle River [June 10
G Dollar Grays Harbor |June It
Enterprise Hllo June 11
Nebraskan i New York June 12
Centralia :' San Pedro June 12
Argo Eel River Ports June 12
Arctic I Humboldt |June 12
Jeanle I Seattle & Tacoma Uune 13
Columbia Portland & Astoria June 13
Bonita Newport & Way Torts. June 13
Pomona Humboldt June 13
State of Cal.. I San Diego & Way PU. June 13
Wyefield J Nanaimo Juns 13
Del Norte. ... Crescent City June 13
8. Barbara... San Pedro ...June 13
North Fork... I Humboldt June 13
San Pedro Humboldt June 13
Arcata Coos Bay &. Pt. Orford. June 1*
Pomo Point Arena & Albion. June 14
S. Monica.... Gray* Harbor June 14
Umatilla Vuget Sound PorM June 15
San Jose New York via Panama. June 15
Point Arena. . i Mendoclno A Pt. Arena. June 16
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. June 16
Coos Bay Kan Pedro & Way Pts. June 17
G W. Elder.. Portland A Astoria June 18
Centennial.... Seattle & Tacoma IJune 19
Alliance Portland k. Way PortslJune 19
Sequoia Willapa Harbor |June 10
Luxor Hamburg & Way Ports! June 20
Queen Puget Sound Ports. .. .| June 20
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. : Sails. Pier.
? Juna 10.
C. Nelson... Nome it Teller.... 4 pm Pier 20
Chico Astoria 4 Portland 0 pm Pier 2
Chehalis Grays Harbor .... 3 pm Pier 2
Jon* 11.
Elizabeth... Coqullle Rlv*r 5 pm Pier 20
Aurella Astoria & Portland 4 pm Pier 2
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 21
Siberia China. & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Newport N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
, Pt. Arena. .. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Newburg... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Iaqua Humboldt 2 pm Pier 2
Jon* 13.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Santa Rosa; San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Centralia... Grays Harbor .... 4 pmjPler 10
Corona Humboldt l:30pPler 9
Coo* Uay... San Pedro & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Jane 13. j
S. Barbara. Grays Harbor...... 4 pm Pier 2
O. Dollar... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
B Pedro.. •¦• Loa Angeles Ports. 9 am Pier 2
Jane 14.
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm P ler 2
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports.lll amTler »
S Monica... Los Angeles Ports. |12 m Pier 2
June 13. ]
Pomona .... Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 9
Arctic Hnmboldt 0 am Pier 2
Jane 18.
Etn'ta Newport & Way... 0 am Pier 11
Ventura.... Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
Jeanie . . : . . Seattle & Tacoma. S pm Pier 20
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pltr 21
Arcata . . Coos B & Pt. Orfd 10 am Pier 13
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Ponio....... Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
North Fork . Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
. . June 18.
City Peking. N. Y. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
Jane 19*
Umatilla... Puget Sound Port*. 11 am Pier 9
Jane 31.
Alliance.... Eureka & Cooa B. 5 pm Pier 16
~—~~~~~ F R0M SEATTLE.
Steamer. For - J S»»«-
HumDoldt...- Sltagway & Way Ports. June 10
Be-tha Valdez & Way Ports.. June 10
Tamulco Nome & St. Michael... June 12
Xikl Skagway & Way Ports. June 12
Chas. Nelson. Nome.* Teller June 12
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way PorU. June 12
Dolphin Skagway * Way Ports. June 14
Valencia Nome June 14
City Seattle.. Bkagway & Way Ports. June 15
Santa Ana.... Cooks Inlet A Way Pts. June 1«
DIrlgo..... ... Skagway A Way Ports. June 10
received a communication from Miss
A. M. Loehr, a teacher, in which she
requests that she "be transferred from
the South End School to some room in
a quiet environment and sanitary con
dition, first or second grade pre
ferred." The request was placed on
file.
The following teachers* certificates
were granted:
Grammar school — Eleanor Anne Tierney,
Anna Louise Prmit, Ellen Templemann Ram
age. Marie lK>lorea Oliver. Agne* F. Carroll.
Margaret F. Stratham, Alice M. Carson and 3.
Grace Kilpatrick.
Grammar grade certificates — Misses Mianla
McKlnnon. Elizabeth A. Duffy, Mary L. Ragan.
Mary C. McCarthy am! Mary E. Kendrick.
Permanent high school certificate — John J.
Gallagher.
Permanent grammar school certificates^ — Miss
Lilian A. Bradford. Miss Edna Cotrel. Miss
Luvry Cotrel and Miss Lnulsp- Frees*.
Kindfrgarten primary certificate — Miss Har
riet E. Llchenstein and Miss Anna E. Angel.
Leaves of absence were granted to
Miss Susie Burke and Miss Annie
Sutherland.
Board of Education Places Request on
File — Many Certificates Are
Granted.
Tho Beard of Education yesterday
TEACHER WANTS TRANSFER
TO QUIET ENVIRONMENT
Th« rate of reinsurance on the Krltish ship
Crown of Germany was advanced yesterday to
25 per cent. She is out 210 days from New
York for Shanghai. The rate on the Leyland
Bros, was marked up to 60 per cent. The
Laura is still Quoted at 80 per cent. The
W'ynford, one of the seven sailing vessels car
rying case oil from Atlantic ports to the Ori
*nt, which were all reinsured as the result cf
the sighting of wreckage, was marked up
yesterday to 15 per cent. The others, except the.
Neck, which was pighted and taken off the
board, are still quoted at 7 jxt cent. Ni> reason
Is given for this advance on the Wynford.
Reinsurance Changes.
Movements of Steamers.
FRIDAY, JUNE 10.
Sun rises 4:47
Sun sets 7:31
Moon r!"r« 2:34 a. m.
O |Tlme| jTimel • Time Time
k | 1 Kt. I 1 Ft. Ft. Ft.
o |L Wj ]H W| L W H AV
10 2~!&C (X6 D:-l 1 4.0 2:.T0 2.4 S:M) ITc
11 3:37 0.0 10: 33 4.2 3:14 2« 0:21 6.S
12 4:18—0.6 11:22 4.4 3:55 2.8 10:02 6.0
1.1 5:001— 0.8ll2:10 4.0 4:40 2.8 10:44 6.0
14 n:M— 1.0112:57 4.6 5:29 2.8|11:2S U.O
15 e:2fl|— l.Oj 1:42 4.SJ 6:20; 2.9| |
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence aa to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day except when there are but three tides, as
foi'ii'i times occurs. The, heights given are In
• ddition to the poundlr.gs of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes 'the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. Tbe plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.,, •;-¦>
Stmr Czarina. Johnson, 41 hours from Coos
Bay. - . ¦ <
Stmr Maggie, Corning,^ 4 hours from Half
tnoon Bay. | , . "_, ..-......-
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 26 hours from Monterey.
Srhr Jennie Griffin. Gibson, 2 hours from
Bolina*. 0 .. .... '.
Schr Ida A, Campbell, 5" hours from Point
Reyes.
' CLEARED.
Thursday, June 9.
Stmr Queen, Cousins." Victorta and Port
Townsonti; Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Stmr Pomona, Swansen, Eureka; Pacific
Coast steamship Company.
Stmr Cha^ Nelson, Plsrce, Nome, via Seat
tle; F Holme* & Co.
I Stmr Asuncion. Bridgett, Portland; Pacific
Coast Oil Company.
Nor stmr Tellus, Arntzen. LadyRmith; R
Dunsmulr's Sons Co.
SAILED.
i Thursday, June 9.
. Stmr F A Kilburn. Jahnsen, Port Rodgers.
Stmr Maggie, Coming, Halfmoon Kay.
Stmr State of California, Nlcolson, San
Diego.
Stmr Queen, Cousins, Victoria. B C.
Stmr James S Higglna, Higglns. Redondo.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Pomona, Bwannen, Eureka.
• Stmr Sequoia. McClements, Wtllapa Harbor.
I Stmr Coqullle River. -Sanford. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Samoa, Madscn. Caflpar.
Stmr Aberdeen. Hansen. Astoria.
Stmr Brunswick, ElUfs^en. Fort Bragg.
Stmr (I C LIndauer. Allen. Gray? Harbor.
Ktmr Porno, Jacobs. Point Arena and Albion.
Stmr Montara. Reilly, Seattle.
Bark Haydn Brown, Asolund. Tacoma.
Schr Advent, Olson. Wtllapa Harbor.
Schr Webfoot. Lewis. Coos Bay.
Bohr Sacramento. Gruggel, Slualaw River.
Schr 'Oakland, ffwart. Slunlaw River. •
Tug S?a Rover. Thomr»5n. Siuslaw River,
with echrs Oakland and Sacramento in tow.
• SPOKEN.
May 21— Lat 30 N. long 42 W. Br ship
1 Eurasia, hence Feh 6 for Que^nstown.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. June 0, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 22 miles per hour.
? DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Sailed Jun« 8 — Stmr Santa
Clara, for Valdez.
PORT H A DLOCK— Arrived during night of
Feb 8— Bktn J M Griffith. henc« May 2A.
TATOOSH — Parsed out June 9 — Stmr Jeanie,
from Sfattle, for, San Francisco; etmr Lakme,
1 from Tacoma. for San Pedro: ttmr Santa
Clara, from Seattle, for Valdet.
Passed in June 9 — Bktn Makaweli, hence
May 27 for Tacoma.
Passed out June 0 — Stmr Melville Dollar,
from Taeoma, for St Michael.
PORT HA RFORD— Sailed June 0. 0 a m—
Stmr Coos Bay. for San Francisco.
Sailed June l>— Stmr Bonita. for San Pedro.
ASTORIA. June 0— Reported arrival of
stmr Whlttler at this, port was an error.
BANDON— Sailed June S— Stmr Elizabeth,
for Sp.n Franciaco.
EUREKA— Arrived June 8 — Stmr Alliance,
hence June 7; stmr San P«dro, hence June 7;
Etmr North Fork, hence June 7.
Arrived June 0 — Stmr Xutional City, hence
June 8.
Sailed June 9 — Stmr Corona, tor San Fran-
GRATS HARBOR— Sailed June 0— Schr
Alert, for Ouiymao; stmr Grace Dollar, for
San Francisco.
.Arrived June 9 — Stmr Shasta, hence Jun« 6;
slmr Kant» Monica, hence June 4.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June 9— Schr Albert
Meyer, from Italian!; schr J M Weatherwax,
from Grays Harbor.
Sailed June 9 — 8tmr Brooklyn, for San Fran
cisco.
WESTPORT— Arrived Jon* 9— Stmr Na
varro. hence .June 8. . ,
. ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived June 9 — Bktn Archer,
hence May 24.
. MANILA — Sailed June 7 — St>an itmr Isla.
de Panay, for Liverpool.
EASTERN PORTS. . .
NEW YORK— Sailed June 8 — Stmr Advance,
for Colon.' June 9 — Stmr Manchuria, for Ban
Francisco, and anchored off Tomckinsville.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COLOMBO— Sailed June 8— Br itmr Indra
velli, for New York.
I HAMBURG — Sailed June 7— -Br chip Albyn,
for San Diego.
HULL — Salied June • 7 — Fr ship Jules
Gommes, for Oregon.
¦ FALMOUTH — Arrived June 8 — Fr bark Mac-
Mahon. hence Jan 27.
GIBRALTAR-^Passed June 7 — Br stmr In
drawaili. from Yokfhama, for New York.
SINGAPORE— Sailed June 8— Ger stmr Nu
bia, for Manila.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived June 7— Br «tmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver.
Sailed June ¦ 4— Br «tmr CRlchas, for Vic
toria.
HONGKONO— Arrived • June 0 — Jan atmr
America- Mam, hence June 12.
ACAPULCO— Sailed June tt— Stmr San Juan,
for Panama. June 8— Stmr San Jose, for San
Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK — Arrived June 9 — Stmr Ar
menian, from Uveroool; stmr Prinzess Irene,
from Gmoa: rtmr Barbarossa, from Bremen;,
stmr Carpathla, from Liverpool and Queena
towa. .,'¦ Y :
The work of discharging the Pa
cific Mail Company's freighter Algoa
is proving an operation of great dif-.
flculty owing to the fact that the wet
ting of the cargo has caused it to
swell. The "result of this swelling has
been to jam together the freight in
the lowethold until it has become one
solid chunk of merchandise. Each bale
and box has to be pried out with crow
bars, assisted by all sorts of tackle
and in many cases, as soon as re
leased, the package has burst apart
with a loud report and scattered its
contents in every direction.
In addition to increasing the labor
of unloading, this unexpected expan
sion will add materially to the ex
tent of the damage to the cargo. No
attempt will be made to estimate this
until air the freight is on the wharf.
It probably will be much greater than
at first exoected. ,
Stevedores worked all night Wednes
day and last night loading the Siberia,
which will sail Saturday for the Ori
ent with a full cargo. The work of
discharging the Coptic has not been
commenced.
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
AMERIC\N BARK HOLLIPWOOD, WHICH IP MAKING A LONG PASSAGE FROM NEWCASTLE, AUSTRALIA. FOR THIS PORT
AND WAS SPOKEN MAY 2« OFF HERE, SHORT OF PROVISIONS, BY THE BARIC PRUSSIA, FROM WHOSE STORE HER
POOR SUPPLY WAS REPLENISHED. . .
The Investigation 'will be resumed In
a few days, when Purser G. J. Carey
and Quartermaster Buckley shall have
been found. . - . '-?.',
The witnesB, reverting to the subject
of Engineer Sulivan, said that Mr. Sul
livan was notdrunk, but was under the
Influence of liquor. "He knew what he
was doing and talked Intelligently, but
showed liquor," added the witness.
Captain Bolles asked: "If you had
stopped tbe ship when Taylor gave you
that four-point bearing would. the ship
have been all right?"
"Yes, sir," replied Captain Irvine.
"I don't believe I did," replied Cap
tain Irvine. "I am not prepared to say
that I did or I did not." \ .
Irvine — Yee.
In reply to a question by First Mate
Wilson, Captain Irvine said that durr
Ing the two years that Wilson had been
on board the shi;? Wilson had never
been under the influence of liquor.
In answer to a question by Captain
Bulger, Captain Irvine said that the
person who gave the order to supply
the liquor to the officers was directly
responsible for violating a positive rule
of the company.
"Did you- make a statement," asked
Engineer Sullivan, "to me that you
alone were responsible for the wreck
of the Colon?" "•;
BULGES WANTS TO KNOW.
Captain Bulger took the case and
was anxious to know some things. The
substance of some important questions
and answers follow:
Dy Bulger— If you had no confidence In the
mate, wljj aid you allow him on the bridge?
Irvine — I had confidence in the man but
I thought he was nilntaken In his bearings.
Bulger— Should nut an offlcvr be able to take
a four-point boariug correctly?
Captain Irvine— I knew that he drank a glass
or wine at dinner, but I didn't think the ef
fects would last so iong.
Captain Bowles was stern in his re
ply to the statement of Captain Irvine.
He said:
It wemn to me Fingular, captain, that an old
coaster as you have been up and down this
ci ut for years and years, would take no notice
cf a report that the ship was clo»»r to the
land than sh« cught to be. The log for pre
vtma voyages rhowc that the fhlp averaged
f.rty-focr mile* between the two points. It
s^im« «o me th<u that would serve as a check
for you to go by.
Question by Captain Bo!1e« — Knowing, as
yni 5jv you did. that Sullivan was under the
influence of liquor, didn't It strike you when
ycu received Taylor's report that the report
micht be correct?
Anrwer— Because I didn't believe that it was
r°SMh:e for th? vessel to be where Taylor re
ported.
Qutsiirm by Captain Bolles — After Taylor
ha<1 made his rej.ort. why didn't you steer oft
shire? ¦ "
The inspectors then took Captain Ir
vine in hand and ask^d .him why he
had not acted upon the information
given him-by Third Mate Taylor. The
captain replied:
I didn't havr i«y confidence in Mr. Taylor's
report as to hi* h^artnus. I thought he was
m:rtak*n. herauff. at the rate of forty-swven
revolutloTfr p*r minute, tvhirh «a* the order
he h«rl pivn. the phlp could not have. reacheJ
the rlsre report*'} by Hr. TVylcr.
ASSISTANT ENGINEER ASLEEP.
Mate' Taylor testified further that
when he went into the engine-room to
inform the engineer that they were five
miles off. shore he found Second As
sistant Engineer John Campbell asleep
in the chair and was obliged to shake
him to awaken him.
Mr?. Wilson testified yesterday be
fore the inspectors. £he told of going
to the storekeeper's room with her
husband and of their remaining only
long enough to drink a small glass of
Champagne. The eight officers were
merry, she Faid, but not at all under
the influence of liquor.
J. W. Taylor, the third mate, said
that he oould not remember whether
he conveyed an order to Chief Engineer
Sullivan to make fifty-four revolutions
per minute, or whether it was that
Sullivan told him that the ship was
making that many revolutions. Shortly
before the ship struck the Remedios
r^ef Taylor reported to the captain
that his calculation of the bearings lo
cated the ship four miles from shore,
but the captain and Second Mate
Thompson disagreed with him and in
sisted that they were seven miles off
shore. The captain ordered the witness
to call him should they get closer to
the shore.
Durinp: the noon recess Stevens said
that thirty quart, bottles of champagne
and three quarts of whisky were con
sumed by eight men from 9 o'clock on
Saturday evening, April 9, until 5
oV-lock tin Sunday morning.
This was. all in honor of the wed
ding of First Mate J. L. Wilson to
one of the lady passengers. She was
the widow of an artist named Schmitz
who lived on Van Xess avenue. The
lady was on the way to Germany when
she became fascinated by Mate Wilson,
and bestowed her hand — a small one —
end her purse—a large one — upon the
gallant officer.
Testimony favorable to Chief En
gineer W. D. E. Sullivan of the
wrecked steamship Colon was elicited
yesterday at the investigation held by
I'nitf-d states Local ' Inspectors O. F.
Bolles and John K. Bulger which
Kuded to show that a despicable trick,
had been played on him by one of the
n.yster^rs in the room of Storekeeper
Harry G. Stevens at Fan Jo?e de Gua
temalal Mr. Stevens wss recalled and
testified that after Sullivan r;ad called
for gins^r. ale. as he had not partaken
of intoxicating Ihiimrs for ihree years.
Freight C!erk D:< tz poured whisky into
Ihf ale while Sullivan's attention was
attracted elsewhere. This was done
about three times and Sullivan was
under the influence of liquor before he
knew it. After that '•everything: went."
large' flow of wine.
This ended the mission of the depu
ties and they permKted the effects of
the firm to be moved back Into the
rooms. The writ was returned unexe
cuted.
But the event did not end without
an eviction after all. To relieve his
overwrought feelings. Wo Mey seized
his qoundam lieutenant, Ah Ping, and
bodily hustled him to the street. Th*-n
the heathen Chinee returned to hla
quarters, rearranged hia effects an>i
prepared to calm his wounded feelings
with the aid of the "black smoke."
While Galland and Gallagher were
levying on the furniture Wo Mey ap
peared and paid down the sum of $260
to cover the amount of the Judgment
and costs of execution.
WO MEY PAYS IP.
Passing into a next room at the
back of the house, the deputies found
a trapdoor, planned for hastily dispos
ing of the gambling equipment In case
of surprise. Underneath this was a re
ceptacle for the same and an .exit
through an adjoining building.
At first Ah Ping seemed very much
perturbed and asked permission to
clear out the room. Inquiry revealed
the fact that the firm of Fang Hins
On Kee had disappeared, leaving Ah
Ping in charge to face the officers. An
other Chinaman, Wo Mey, Is also In
terested In the company. A search
through the disordered premises up
stairs failed to reveal any other gamb
ling devices. The Sheriff will turn thtf
lottery property over to the police.
TRAPDOOR WAS HANDY.
Tbe officers found the company's
door barricaded. Receiving no answer
from within, they broke down the door
and discovered that the store, ostensi
bly used for the sale of merchandise,
was vacant. After passing through a
short hall they came upon another
door likewise barricaded. On their de
manding an entrance and knocking
several times the door was opened by
Ah Ping, who had been left in charge.
Upon entering the room the deputy
sheriffs discovered that they were In
a complete and active Chinese gamb
ling joint. The doors on both sides of
the room were solid and fitted with
heavy locks. Tickets in the various
lotteries were pasted upon the walls.
The table, which extended across on«
side of the room, was littered with lot
tery tickets, rubber stamps and other
gambling paraphernalia. The drawers
under the table were filled with unused
tickets and with aprons containing
p6c.ket3 used for peddling the tickets.
There was very little money in the
drawers.
A Chinese lottery, with gambling:
equipment, was accidentally discover
ed yesterday morning when Deputy
Sheriffs . Galland and Gallagher levied
an attachment for arrears In rent. Fire
Commissioner J. G. Boyne obtained
judgment for rent against the Fang
Hmg On Kee Company of 722 Dupont
street and yesterday an attachment
fcr J245 was given to the Sheriff to
serve.
This led Commissioner Kirkpatrick
to remark that the complaint was not
that the custom of the wholesalers had
been violated, but that the Woodward
law had been transgressed. After the
complaint against Wolf & Son has been
fully heard there are other cases. These
will come up Saturday morning.
He denied that he had told Lercari
that he refused to sell because it would
violate the rules of the association. In
fact, said Burnham. there was no Pro-'
duce Dealers' Protective Asociation.
John G. Wetmore testified that there
tyas no Produce Dealers' Protective
Association; if there was another asso
ciation to which he belonged he could
not remember Its name. On the other
hand Plerretti, who was recalled, testi
fied that he (Pierretti) was formerly a
member of the Produce Dealers' Pro
tective Association and that he re
signed therefrom simultaneously with
Lercari.
At the afternoon session of the hear
ing Attorney Reinstein tried strenuous
ly to get In a lot of questions as to
whether the selling price was not de
pendent upon the quantity of onions
purchased and strove to persuade the
Commissioners that it was only a mat
ter of price that prevented Burnham
from selling fifteen sacks of onions at a
rate at which a larger lot could be
bought. i
He also asked a great variety of
questions concerning the custom of
dealers. All these questions were ob
jected to by Attorney Wise and they
were practically all barred out by
Chairman Spear of the Harbor Com
missioners.
In the afternoon Burnham was called
as a witness for the defense. He testi
fied that he is the $ales agent of Wolf
& Son on the Washington-street wharf
and that he refused to sell the onions
to Lecarl, as the latter had tetifled, but
Burnham had a different verlson oj
the conversation from the one given
by Lercari, Pierretti and Bacigalup!.
Lercari identified papers that were
handed to him by Attorney Wise
as being the rules of the Produce
Dealers' Protective Association, o[
which he was formerly a mem
ber. Rule 3 provides that not
less than fifty boxes of potatoes
and twenty-five sacks of onions shall
be sold to a purchaser. G. Pierretti and
A. Baclgalupi were present, so said
Lercari, when the conversation with
Burnham took place. They furnished
the same version of the story as Ler
cari.
BUKMIAM TELLS STORY.
• Of the latter there were two hostile
camps before the Commissioners. On
one side .were those who are alleged to
be members of the Produce Dealers'
Protective Association and on the
other were somewhat more than iwen
ty produce dealers who withdrew from
the association and who asserted earn
estly that the association was trying to
cor.x them back into membership.
Charles J. Lercari testified that on
May 28, on the Washington-street
wharf, he asked Frank Burnham, sell
ing agent of Wolf & Son, the price of
onions per bag and was told by Burn
ham that he could have onions tor $1
per baft. He offered a $20 gold piece in
payment and called for fifteen bags of
thft vegetables, and Burnham then told
him it was against the rules of the
Produce Dealers' Protective Associa
tion to sell less than twenty-five sacks
of onions at a time.
On the other hand ; t was as stoutly
asserted by one witness that there is
no such association, it having gone out
of business. One witner.s supplied two
different versions of the same transac
tion in the space of five minutes.
Throughout the day the produce
dealers, of whom there were possibly
two score in attendance, took a lively
interest in the forensic efforts of
Messrs. ; Wise, attorney for the com
plainant, and -Reinstein. for- the de
fence. At times the lawyers grew quite
warm.
WITNESSES DISAGREEING.
Some of the testimony that was
taken yesttrday contradicted other tes
timony llatly. It was testified, for In
stance, that the refusal to sell bo few
as fifteen bags of onions to Lercari was
due to the rules of the Produce Denlr
ers' Protective Association.
.The transaction took place on the
Washington-street whaif. so no'ques
tion of jurisdiction on the part of the
Harbor Commissioners was raised, the
wharf being the rroperty of the State
and under the control of the Harbor
Commissioners. There was nothing for
the Commissioners to sift except the
testimony. The proceedings were not
finished when the hour to adjourn for
the day had arrived. The evidence was
all in, hut the attorneys wish to sum
up before the Commissioners decide.
By reason of this, arguments will be
heard this afUrnoon, beginning at 4
o'clock.
v -
The Harbor Commissioners devoted
several hours yesterday to finding out
what truth there is in the complaint
made by Charles J. Lercari against
Wolf & Son. The allegation made by
Lercari is that Wolf & Son refused to
sell him fifteen bags of onions at $1 per
bag.; and that this refusal constituted
discrimination and warrants th« Har
bor Commissioners in taking away
from Wolf & Son their permit to sell
perishable produce on the wharf, which
he asks shall be done.
George Russell, the expert of the Po
lice Department on models and dia
grams, was next placed on the stand.
He had elabrtrate diagrams of the
¦warehouses at Crockett and the posi
tion a?!d number of grain sacks con
tained ir. them. Attorney Ach objected
to their admission, as explanations
were written on portions of them. On
< ro.-s-examination by Attorney Short
ridge the witness admitted ¦ that the
diagrams were made in August. As
ih*> firm's affairs passed into the hands
of a receiver in June and there had
b«-en much shifting of grain, the por
tions of the diagram relating to the lo
<-«tion of the various piles of sacks \vaf»
objected to, and the objection was
sustained. Russell then explained the
1> nation of the buildings, their internal
rit-rangement and the area covered by
them. The case will be continued to
day.
"Did you make statements to the
beads of the firm at regular intervals?"
vas asked.
"I made memoranda of the check
book.* 1 was the i*>ply.
"Did you ever make out a trial bal
ence sheet?"'
•No."
Regarding his books, ilitchell said
that t<r the best of his knowledge they
v ere never rigidly examined. He had
nothing to do with the grain specula
tions and made his entrif-s from a
bl< liter furnished by Mr. I^angton.
Josua Eppir.ger would occasionally look
over the books, but Jacob Eppinger
paid little attention to them.
loose nooKKr:i:piXfi.
The witness was then shown the bills
Jireperited to Cutter & Moseley for the
3'iadir.p of lets TOfi. 707, 70S and 7C9 and
the checks for $100 in payment for the
tame and Identified the handwriting on
the bill as that of one of the employes
of the firm. He also identified the
Fijrmitures and rubber stamps on the
cheek.
So far as Mitchell knew, there v. as no
Fvstetn of keeping accounts between
the warehouse at Crockett and the of
fice in this city, the business usually
l>«»irijr conducted by telephone.
The prosecution next proceeded to
?•r-tablish a connection Between the
lii.-ps of Eppinper & Co. and the Pa
cific Coast Warehouse Company. The
v.itnc-s stated that the officers of the
two concerns were in thv same room
itr.d the same clerkp did the work for
both. The witness knew Josua Eppin-
E« • as cut of the employes of the firm
but did net know whet he did to earn
his- salary. He- was of the opinion that
Jocna attended to the correspondence,
but his statement on the point was
very indefinite.
According to the testimony of Frank
is. Mitchell, who for nine y«>ars was
bookkeeper for the firm of Eppinger &
Co.. the management was decidodly
lax. There was no live management,
but business simply "went alone." AI-
Thouph he had full charge of .the tom-
I>any's books, the witness knew noth
ing of the financial standing of the
firm or of the Pacific Warehouse Com
r»ny. which was identical with Ep
rin^or &. Co. His testimony and the
I're*tntatlor. of a bii! rendfred fatter
£ Mogelcy for the loading of lots of
"^hfcat on which the indictment was
lound were the features of the day.
/ paries F- Hp *"Ht z . who in Deec-n.: or,
IMS* was employed as ?upciinier.dcrt
*"r Cutter &• Moseley, testified as t.»
having seen the strain mentioned in the
Indictment taken from tlie trarehoUse.
'>Vhen Questioned as to lots 70S and 70S
he admitted that lot rO3 had not been
;>ut aljoard the bark Pierre I-ori. but
tat the sake of convenience lot 710. in
<-vcry way Identical, had bron substi
tuted. This gives th<» prosecution a
point, as it shows the lot numbers
« :tlled for in the warehouse receipts
v.tre not held snered when dispatch in
loading a vessel was a factor.
It v.-a« reported that some sensational
testimony would be givers I>> Mitchell.
but the ccrfotu ones who daily crowd
the courtroom were disappointed.
Mitchell stated that the thr^e members
of tli« firm, Jacob Eppinger, Herman
Uppinger and Bernard Ettlinger, all
i ok ¦ hand in the management of the
business, but the employes a!l looked
l«j Jaccrb Kppinger as the head, of the
PERMS IDKXTICALu
Testifies That During Nine
Vcirs He Never Made Out
One Trial Balance Sheet
Merchandise 'store in Front
Concealed the Real Char
acter of the Business
Entire Day Is Given to the
Case in Which Wolf & Son
Are Made the Defendants
RAN SHOP FOR A BLIND
BOOKKEEPER ON STAND
INSPECTORS PBESS CASE
¦ ¦ •
Blaster Reckons by Wheel
Only and Course Causes
Many Searching Questions
WITNESSES DON'T AGEEE
Point Is Made in the Trial of
Jacob Eppinger to the Ad
vantage of the Defense
His Failure to Heed Mate
Taylors Warning Shifts
Blame to the Captain
for Amount of Eent They
Find a Chinese Lottery
While Levying Attachment
Harbor CommissionersBegin
Hearing Under Complaints
Made Against the Combine
COLON INQUIRY
HOT ON IRVINE
GRAIN PILES
SUBSTITUTED
WOODWARD LAW
ENGAGES BOARD
SHERIFFS FIND
GAMBLING JOINT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 10, 1904.
This Unexpected Expansion Makes the Work of Discharging Rock
Punctured Freighter a Task of Great Difficulty—Released
by Crowbars, Bales and Boxes Burst When Freed From Pack
WATER CAUSES THE ALGOA'S CARGO
TO SWELL AND JAM TIGHT IN HOLD
¦ The. Russian' squadron is still at Port'
'Arthur, according to the latest reports. I
and will po forth' to give battle when
that fortress is assaulted. Buy a gas
range from S. F. Gaa & Electric Co. •
11
A23VEBTISE2£E27Ta.
Dyspepsia
and other stomach trouble*
quickly relieved and in most cases
surely cured by the use of
This scientific permfcide is abso-
lutely harmless : it subdues the
inflammation of the mucous mem-
brane of the stomach, and by re-
moving the cause, effects a cure.
Used and recommended by leading phy-
sicians. Take no •nbttitnte and see that
each bottle bears my signature. Trial size,
• l.oo, at druggists or by mail, from
410 Print* M. • - New York.
Bend for BooUd flw to Treat Diteatn.
ADVERTISEHESTTS.
Pfeiirfcv
r.
Pneumonia
Consumption
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
i pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
' or your money returned. Price,
j 50c. and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4s. p. m.
HEALTH and HAPPINESS
formic win ~ ya
J& Cs^V write lor
»— %f t^Oi fl /T C t*/Wi trated book
T*T vrv>Y) 1 tf*.*l??iGOR explains -i-ir
. Ijiji LATEST ' • markable
: 3 1 v iMwovts Jv*.'^<-rr.£*SN v a '" u u m
I 1 J ii T.ntAifcViVffS. treatment. It
c^ *"_°_f f^^&M m 0 t h o <1
SjWVIGcaATW.*'^ QWTauq which will
y. 9 -£-£^X-. *¦*• fully enlarge
and completely develop the organs. Used wtth
our soluble medicated urethral crayons will
qrlckly cure where all else falls. Losses.
C!' H-»»CT UPCTHPAL MEDICATION r-rTT A
Drains. Seminal Weakness, Varicocele. Strlrt-
cre. Premature Decay. Proatatitis. etc. W»
have the best home treatment in the world and
send it on 10 days' trial. Call, write for
book, sent securely sealed, free. Our phy-
.sirians cure- alt diseases of men in a sclenu&o
manner.
Hours 9 to 9. Sundays. 10 to 1.
HEALTH APPLIANCE CO.. • OTarrall «.¦ ;..--¦ ¦ . ¦ . . . ' \
THE SAN FRANCISCO; GALL;,' ..FRIDAY, JUNE 10, 1904.
12
FLATS TO LET — Con tinned.
NINETEENTH and Castro sts., NW. cor.— Sun
all day; upper flat; 7 room, and bath;
modern: $30^
jjOE. 1054." corner Elizabeth — 5 sunny rooms;
new; yard, basement; convenient to Twenty-
fourth and Castro cars; reasonable.
BRODERICK, 220. near Oak — Modern flat of 6'
rooms, bath and servant's room; grand view
from every room ; rent $32 50.
F1LLMORE, 1126 — 7-rcom flat: rooms all
light; modern; furniture for sale.
HARRIET. 94, near Sixth — Flat 8 rooms, up-
stairE: r_S a month. _'
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAG, 110 Montgomery st-^
TWENTY-THIRD. 3244. near Mission— Five
sunny rooms and bath.'
VALLEJO. 1608—7 rooms; second story upper
flat; marine view: 4-10.
WALLER. 1311— Hcuse of 9 rooms; billiard-
room; bath: heater; modern; $50.
$.J5— MODERN flat of 0 rooms. 1303>i Waller
*t.. near Masonic ave.
FLATS TO LET — PCUMSHED.
H^iGHlTlSsr^u^n_rVhrta. oor. Central avs.
—Elegantly furnished flats; also unfurnished;
house has all conveniences and Is situated In
select neighborhood. -
DIAMOND, 81&— Flat of 8 sunny ; furnlshsd
rooms; hot and cold water; >16.
CAPP 614 — Furnished 5-rooin flat: piano;
gaa and coal stove. Call bet. 11 and 4.
OAK. 1183. panhandle — Flat, 4 rooms, or hou*»
of 7 rooms, bath, phone, garden; $-8 to $40.
6-ROOM furnished flat, modern, to responsible
party. Box 2071. Call office.
I FLATS FOR SALE — FCHNIsSHED.
FOR sale — F_mlture of 6- room flat; rent (IS;
fine marine view, large gardens' no dealers.
1228 Filbert at., near I—rkln.
UPPER flat, S sunny rooms, handsome new
carpets, for «ale; rent $35. 2126 Central ave.
FURXITURE FOR SALES.
ANDERSON Auction Honia at 19 Turk at., nr.
Market, for furniture and everything for the-
house at low est prlcvs.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 00
down and $1 50 per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co., 340 Post St.. near Powell.
FURNITURE of 7 rooma for aale cheap; rent
$35. 157 Ninth at. .
FURNITURE, stoves, bought, sold, exchanged.
Barger. 439 Valencia, nr.ieth.Tel.Church 3370
CHEAPEST place In city for second-hand fur-
niture. 986 Geary st. Tel. Polk 1477.
FURNITURE WASTED.
ABE LEVY.
Salesroom, 1135 Market st. Tel. Jesslo 76L
Don't a«ll your furniture, carpets, offlc* fur-
nlture. etc., until you get his estimate.
CHAS. LEVY A CO. pay highest price for fnr-
nlture,carpets. etc. 782 Mission; tel. Busb 418.
HELP WASTED — FEMAL-.
WANTED — Kitchen and dining-room helper
for delicacy store, $30; cook, plain wash,
American family, $30; laundress, for Insti-
tution, $30: German or French chambermaid
and seamstress, $25; second girl and sewing.
$25; restaurant waitress, $S per week: Scan-
dinavian cook, no wash. $30; Protestant girl,
housework, no wash, $23; 000k. 12 board— -s,
$30; 19 girls, general houaework In nice
families. $_5. Apply to J. F. CRO8ETT &
CO.. 334 Sutter at.
WANTED— Waitress for reeort, $30; 2 walt-
resse*. springs, $25; 3 waitresses, summer
resorts, $25: chambermaid and waitress.
country hotel, $25; Protestant girl, general
housework. American family. Weaverr Ilia,
$30; nursegirl. $20; laundress, country, $40;
nret-clats cook, country, $50; girl, general
housework. Santa Cruz Mountains. $25; sec-
ond girl, Ross Valley. $25; German or Scan-
dinavian girl. 2 in family. Sausalito. $30.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. S3! Sutter.
GERMAN or Scandinavian »rlrl, housework.
Sonoma County. $25; Protestant girt, house-
work, no wash, on a farm. $25: general
housswork. 4- in family, San Mateo. $30;
cook, plain wash, Alameda, $30. Apply to
J. F. ClgPSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter et.
A COOK tn a ranch, $23, see party here.
A girl to sew and do some cleaning In an In-
stitution in city. $20.
A girl to assist cooking In a delicatessen
store in city. $30,j *
A seconds gl*jln>ean Rafael. $25.
A girl for ho_«tjwork and cooking, city,, $33.
A waitress for hotel In city. $27 60 a month.
A waitress for hotel in city, $30, room out.
A cook In a hospital. $50.
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter tr_. near
Powell.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresstnr.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; poettlons guaran-
teed at $10 per week up: leading school In
West. 233 Geary at., room 13.
A — GIRL to learn millinery now for spring aea-
son: both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $13; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A — LADIES, learn all branches hairdresstng
trade, manicuring, maaaage. etc.; positions
secured at highest wages; day and evening
classes; thorough system. Removed from 1238
Market at. to 133 Powell st.
A GOOD plain cook and housekeeper, under S3,
at children's camp; retained on return to
city; German or Swedish woman preferred;
excellent references; salary $23 per month.
Box 20S0. Call.
REFINED woman under S3, not afraid of
work, to teach housework. 1 to B dally. In In-
stitution for girls; references; $29 p«r month.
Box 20ai. Call. '
WANTED — An elderly wom_n. answer tele-
phone In livery stable and do plain sewing*;
$10 a month and found; ahort distance In
country. TUM KAISERHOF. 815 Banaom* st.
WANTED — An experienced saleslady in kid
glove department. Call at STRAUSS —
FROHMAN. 107 Poet st.
"ANTED — Experienced corset woman; ons
capable of taking charge of department. Ap-
ply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED— Salesladies for Juvenlla furnishing
goods department. Apply S. N. WOOD _
CO.. 740 Market at.
COOK — Private family at mountain camp for
one month; wages $30; expenses paid. Call
to-day. 1005 Lombard at. _______
ASSISTANT bookkeeper: must be quick and
accurate; hours 8 to 0. Saturday noon: salary
$10. Own handwriting, box 2132. Call offlce.
WANTED— A French maid for second work
and waitress. Call to-day at Pleasanton
Hotel, room 180. from 2 to 4.
RELIABLE German or Swedish girl, general
housework and cooking. Apply 1114 Webster.
WETNURSE wanted. Apply 1 to 3 p.m. to DR.
LEW1TT, 500 Van Ness ave.
A GERMAN girl for second work and plain
ironing; no washing. 1817 California at-
W ANTED— Respectable woman to tak* car» 13
rooms and wait on table during meal hours.
Address box 213. Benlcia. Cal. ;
AN experienced saleslady wanted for cloak and
suit department. Address "Cloaks." box
2077. Call of flea.
WANTED^-Apprentlcea to learn halrdressiris;
and manicuring: paid while ¦ learning ¦ APP»r
between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
EXPERIENCED copyholder and reviser. Box
2112. Call offlce. ___________
THREE nntshers on men's coats. Apply 808
Montgomery are.
A. NEVT young girl to assist in housework: 3
in family. Apply 217 Third ave.. Richmond.
."mm-VTICES to learn hairdresslng; paid
COSGROVE'S. 110 Geary st.
— tt?<:t CLASS hairdressers and manlcurers
wanted. APPly -t COSGROVE-3. 110 Oeary.
A PROFITABLE outing; pick hops In August.
Write e! Clemens Horst. 122 Battery at-.S-F.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan <& Church sts.
A BRANCH offlca of The Call for th« reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
~ HELP "W'AXTED — MALE. _^ "
WANTED for U. S. army, able-bodied un-
married men. between ages of 21 and 33;
citizens of the United States, of good char-
acter and temperate habits, who can speak.-
read and write English. For information
apply to Recruiting Officer. Rialto building.
New Montgomery at., San Francisco, or 1029
Second st., Sacramento. Cal.
__ . ______
Men to I»«rn the BARBER TRADE: only
eight weeks required: positions secured: con-
stant practice and expert instruction; special
offer and catalogue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. 6SB Clay st.
EXCELLENT opening for hustling solicitors:
steady and good paying positions. Apply S3Q
Mar_:t it., rooms 43 aad i\ ~ '*--.
BUSIXESS CHANCES.
A— SSOO; PARTNER v.anted in offlce of manu-
racurrrr'* __e:it|; 2 Dr«t-claj_ otter for good
man; S500 to b? Invested lu business; *»tnce
<.Unrn about -^50 per month. tiee It. <-¦.
V.ILKK. 56 % Kearnr ft. _____
A— $700; BAKKRY across the bay; establi_:ed
yecrs ' and doin_ a first -class paying store
trade;" value in sight. All particulars R.
ii. WILKE. .G'L- Xcarny ft. .
A— ;«:•<•: YOUNG am! active m.an wanted to
r_n _rill room in one of the finest barrooms
in this citv; no rent to pay: references \v_nt-
e«_ Hee li. U. WILKK. -li'w Kearny st.
A— $1100; CORNER grocery and l>_r'on choic-
est locatkn of I>c-v!?_<lero St.: ir.UFt be .-old
at once, on account of death in family; lea-se;
rent $:J7 50; a tplen.lid and rare chance. See
- R. G. WILKE. M'ii Kearny st.
A — S2-59: CORNFJt saloon on Montgomery st. ;
rstabliphed many years; rent $85: lease; a
Kooii-payi:i:j plate and v.-ell advertised. Call
J:. G. WILKE. -6*^ Kearnr st.
\ —$__:¦«; ROADHOUSHTI HcadhouEe'. Rond-
houae! With 13 furnished rocms: rent ?40;
ItSke; a Sirst-clasi paying resort. See It. G.
WILKE.. MM ¦ Kearny et.
A— $£CO; CORNER Falcon; rent $20; a splendid
location in the Mission; p!ao« dolnff a busl-
net-B of about $15 per day. R. G. WILKE.
2t>Vj Kearny st.
A— $500- SALOON, vicinity Third and Bran-
r.m sts.; e-t-bllshed years; rent $40. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny Bt.
A— $1500: SALOON in wholesale district; vi-
cinity of Sensoxne Bt. ; place established 20
years; dolnp a good business; ront $50. See
h. G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny st-
A— $3500; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery at., vicinity of
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
rour.t of ill health of owner. See R. O.
WILKE. 20^ Kearny rt.
A— $450; BARBER shop; 8 chairs; best location
In the Mission; rent $15. Be« R. G. WILKE,
2G*a Kearny ct.
A — $"000 HOTEL In San Rafael; 21 rooma. bar,
parlor and dining-room; a well established
place; good furniture and a bargain. Call
R. G. WILKE, 2C>£ Kearny st.
A^$700; RESTAURANT opposite Golflen Gate
Park; rent $-5; good business; clearing about
S1S4 per month. See R. G. WILKE, 26H
ICearny at. ¦
A— $2.">C0; SALOON: choicest location on Mar-
ket «t.; low rent; good lease; elegant fix-
tures and a first-class paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2Q>i ICearny st.
A— J2.-.0; BOTTLE beer route; well established.
See R. G. WILKE, 26'.^ Kearny st.
A— $2750: CONNER saloon on Market at.. In-
cluding 7 rooms; rent $100; return rents fSO;
lea«e- a fltrt-clai-s location and well estab»
lir-h«-d place. See R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kear-
ny et.
A— ScOO; CHOPHOUPE and coffee saloon, opp.
cable house; place estab. years, with steady
and transient customers; owner clears about
$175 per month. See R. G. WILKE, 26^.
Kearny St.
A— DRUGSTORE, drugstore, drugstore; price
$4500: established 27 years; lease 6 years;
rent $C0; one of the best paying stores In this
city; owner to retire. Call R. G. WILKE,
2<".>-i Kearny s^ j
A — $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
rroms. kitchen and dining-room, 37 beds,
pood furniture; lease; place paying well. See
R. G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny et.
A— $2500; DAIRY depot and route; daily sales
50 cans; S horses. 4 wagons, etc.; most pri-
vate customers; business kept by owner 15
years: a good raying Investment. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26^4 KearnyjM^
A— $.000; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton sts. ; rent $150; lease; place estab-
lished years; flrst-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2«i4 Kcarry ?t.
A— $:W); F.RANCH bakery and delicatessen
stort" with 4 rooms; rent $25; fine location;
pood business. See R. O. WILKE, 26Vi
Kearny st.
A— $::75 cigar stand, transfer corner: rent $25;
pood paying place. R. G. Wllke, 26'^ Kearny
FINE business property; prosperous mining,
farming, lumber town; 2-story building; 6
furnished rooms; store and stock; snap for
little money; paying 5 per cent 'per mo.
BERG, ARMSTRONG & CO.. 31S Kearny st.
ELEGANT salorn; wholesale district: promi-
nent traffic street; rent with lease only $100;
tuhlets for $.'0; fine fixtures and stock.
BERG. ARMSTRONG _ CO., 31S Kearny Et.
MORTGAGE of $672 on rare furniture; insured
for $1000; interest 2 per cent per mo. ; want,
f> nrll mtg. Berg-Armstrong Co., 318 Kearny.
51000— DELICATESSEN, grocery, candy, no-
tion store: everythins nearly new; cheap
rent; leas*; must bt- Fold; bargain. BERG,
ARMSTRONG _ CO.. 318 Kearny St.
J30O— 50 ROOMS; 40 rooms furnirhed; rent $30;
Exclusively Berg. Armstrong Co.,31S Kearny.
SPLENDID BUSINESS OPENING.
CHANCE TO BE YOUR OWN BOSS.
LEARN THE REAL ESTATE BUSINESS.
Start in for yourself; only $27 capital re-
quired. We teach you the business, appoint
you our special representative, furnish large
list of salable property, co-operate with and as-
sist you to earn from $U0OO to $5000 annually.
Write for particulars. HARRY W. CROSS _
CO.. 2C4 Tacoma bid?.. Chicago.
PACIFIC REAL ESTATE CO.,
1015 Market et. Tel. Folsom 141.
$. r r00; country hotel and bar; Investigate.
5475: corner saloon; do good business.
$225: lodging-houw». near Market et.
Restaurant for sale; clearing $50 weekly;
__iew furniture; new range; act quickly; only
$600.
FOR sale — First-class cloak and suit depart-
ment In the best locality In this citv; well
established and a jrond-paying business; can
, be bought for $60^0 or to pay $4000 to one
party and th« other party, an experienced
man and ladles' tailor, will remain as part-
ner. Box 2111, Call.
FOR eale — A barpnln; a grocery store and sa-
loon, 4 miles out of town: doing a large :
buplne*?; must be sold imm'dlately on ac-
count of sickness; stock carried about $3000.
For further particulars address C. P. AN-
DERSON, fan Jose. Cal.
A $Gf'O0 MILLINERY business wanting lady
partner with $2000; experienced milliner to
take foil charge; stock Invoice $4000; receipts
$15,000 yearly; country. KREDO & CO.. 765
Market «t.
FOR sale — On account of Illness of proprietor,
a complete dental parlor. In a first-clans lo-
cation and with a good business. Inquire
room 21. Crocker bulidlr.g. H. E. MICHAEL,
or 402 Third st., Blake's drug store.
$Sf>0 SECURES 14 Interest in fine paylmr com-
mission business clearing $150 monthly to
each: reference* exchanged: experience un-
necessary but must be sober and reliable.
. Particulars. 1007H Markt fst.. room I.
MONEY wanted— Wanted, party to Invest $9000
or S3000 in an established manufacturing
stock food business^ money required to handle
Increase of businesa; good profits. For par-
ticulars, address box 2073, Call offlce. —*•..;
A EMALL general merchandise store In a town
of 700 population; sales average about $1500
per month; will eell r«-ascnable. as It Is
necessary for the owner to leave. Address
for particular?*, box 625, Call offlce.
PARTNER wanted In a well-established whole-
sale businees; only small capital required, as
. v.e buy for cash and sell for cash and carry
very little stock on hand; profits are very
large. Address box 737. Call offlce.
FOR SALE — Coffee, tea and eplce route over
18 years' standing; selling on account ot re-
tiring from business. For particular* in-
quire at 119 Front between 11 a. m.
end 1 p. in. .
I WANTED — Mail* with $1CO to help do aseess-
ment work on gold minlne claims near big
Gtrik<* for half Interest in aame. Prospector,
bcx 2118. Call offlc*.
WANTED — Young ' German who understands
procery buslnees as partner to start store.
Box -1CS. Call.
GROCERY and bar for sale In splendid loca-
tion south of Market st. Address box 508,
Call efflce.
CANDY business; valuable downtown location;
pood business; fine fixtures; $4000: other In-
terests. Address box 577, Call office.
EAIXJON and chop house for sale. Inquire at
_273-275 Fourth ft; JOHN MUHEIRN,
! FOR tale— Bakery; 22d and. Fair Oaks. Ap-
< ply "I4'.i 2_d; on. account of death.
SALOON, house ar.d barn for sale, cheap. Ap-
I ply at U21 Brannan st.
CHOPHOUSE— Rents $20; liquor license; clears
$150 month. 3<J Geary St., room 17.
FOR *ale— Tlie Unlcn Hotel: manufacturing
v town. Benlcia, Cal. ' '
$375 — SALOON In center of city; must be sold;
b-rsain. Adren. Box -11.1. Call offlce.
$23u>— SALOON, with lease; rent $S5; old es-
tablished place. 3(5 Geary St., • room 17.
BAKERY: all store trade: $35 dally; flrst-class
place; $20fiO. 721 Polk et.
CARPENTER show, fin* location and trade;
oErr wanted. 132_',4 Bush St.
PARTNER in growing business to take, fill or-
der and collect; investigate. Box 2552, Call.
MILLINERY business for sale; a bargain. Call
or afidress __13 Shattuck ave., Berkeley, ,
HTjSIXESS flHAXCKft. — CoTitlnnffl.
A— CAMERON _ CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell. <_
Headquarters for ail kinds of business chances.
BEAUTIFULLY located summer resort; fine
groves ; 36- room hotel; all furnished and
equipped for business; 20 acres land goes
with lease; raise own hay, vegetables; all
Uinds of fruit; rent JHOO per year; equity in
tMs J.3C0: death in family cause of — -e.
i CAMKRON & CO. _=__f
I FOR sale — Well-furnished 5-room ark, moored
I one houi-s ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing; also for winter shooting and
fishing; all modern conveniences; new, one
year; price $.200 complete. CAMERON &¦
CO.. 3 Eddy st. ' .
FOR sale — Well-located bazaar and furnishirg
roods buelneas; cheap rent; CVS years' lease;
one of the best transfer corners In city; do-
ing fine business; other interests cause sale;
price $5000. See CAMERON _ CO.. 3 Kddy.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect:
located In Cal.; ar.:<ays $10 to $70 ton; trade
for rmt'.-hse. or business. Cameron. ."S Eddy.
FOR sale, or will trade — 6 acres Inside city
limits; one of best Interior cities in Califor-
nia; house barn, otlicr outbuildings; plenty
all kinds fruit; beautiful home; will trade for
rooming-house; price $1000. CAMERON _
CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR -ale— Electrical and locksmith business;
central location; established 9 years; rent
$30; clears $00 to $100 per month; price $500;
must Mil on aocount of ether business. CAM-
ERON _ CO.. 3 Eddy Bt.
FOR sale — Carriage and wagon factory and
general Jobbing; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools,
etc.; full Investigation and trial given: re-
tiring from bUElness. CAMERON _ CO., 8
Eddy tt. -
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real •trtate,
roomir.g-housee and business chances. CAM-
ERON _ CO., 3 Eddy at. • ;
— » — •
STODDAHD'S celebrated rperlalty drug atore
to be sold at a bargain on account of death
in family: fine 'living rooms for a doctor;
two eide entrances; rent $63. 108 Turk at.
A FURNISHED hotel to lease in a thriving
town in Marin County. Box 685. Call offlce.
WANTED — To buy a good paying delicatessen
store. Address box r.S4, Call efflce.
HAIRDRESSERS — Call and see my place;
must eell; make offer. 1153 Market St.
FOR sale — Bakery with large stock; good loca-
tion and reasonable rent. 715 McAllister at.
FINE newspaper route for Bale. Inquire at
this offlce.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1CC8 Market et.. opposite Fifth.
Open until II p. m.
L>OI)GIXG-IIOUSI-S FOR SALE.
aT^CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
82 rooms; cheap rent; 2 yeara' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 Entrances; everything in
first-class condition; Rood furniture and car-
v pet*; clearing now $200 per month": it run
transient can clear $300 to $350 per month;
here is best proposition in city; price $3200.
63 rooms; best downtown transient house in
city; will trade for ranch; compelled to leave
the city.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance;
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $500
per month: to be sold at a bargain on account
of departure.
17 rooms; rent only $70; fine little apart-
ment-house; elckness; must sell; snap; $G0O.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; flrst-claM.
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to JiiOrt per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with ue.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent: 10 yearB' lease; close in;
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
24 rooms: rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
108 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished,- up-to-date rooming-house: has fine
bar; can be run In conjunction If desired;
rare chance for right parties; part cash, bal-
anca can be paid out of the house; other busi-
ness Interests demand Immediate departure.
8 roome; fine upper flat: rent only $.10; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$150.
21 roome: ccrner; rent only $85; oak fur.;
good carpets; housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
$1600.
ISO rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $C00 per month;
close In; full nice people: bargain If taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
7-roorn flat; rent $40: oak * f urnliure; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
126 rocms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys In the city.
19 rooms: rent only $100; well furnished;
little apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
2» rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
14 rooms; rent only $57; oak furniture; good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $900.
105 rooms; cheap rent; first-class up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
Large Hat of real estate, rcomtng-houses
and business, for exchange or trade, always on
hand. A. CAMERON _ CO., 3 Eddy St.
MARION GRIFFIN.
400 Hearst bldjr., over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market »ts.; tel. Black 3607.
Rooming-houses and hotels for sale. ,.
HIGH-CLASS rooming-house of 19 rooms,
clearing $105 monthly; fine, new furnishings;
tunny side; beautiful lawn; must be sold;
'don't wait, but make some offer to
MARION GRIFFIN.
CORNERS are In demand; 30 rooms; north of
Market; extra, fine; long lease; clears $175;
high-class roomers. MARION GRIFFIN.
FAMILY boarding-house of 40 rooms; very
quiet and refined; nice, sunny corner In fash-
ionable section -of city; owing to 111 health
the owner will take $2500; half cash; clears
$180 per month and all help hired.
MARION GRIFFIN.
LOOK AHEAD 6 months, when this 80-room
house will b« worth $8000; the rent Is only
$3 per room; clekr profit $246 monthly; owner
has chance to Vuy a ealoon clearing: $500
month, hence will sacrifice the house for
$4000 this week. MARION GRIFFIN.
BUTTER «t. is Al for select roomers: $1000
takes a nice, quiet, respectable house of 23
rooms; all outside, light, sunny rooms; clears
$0S per month. MARION GRIFFIN.
OR would* you prefer a 17-room house. 2 blocks
north of Market? Just the p-rmanent room-
I crs pay $05 per month over expenses: you
* only need $800 la cash. ¦ MARION GRIFFIN.
NINE rooms for $250? 'Yes. 6 blocks north of
Market; rent $35; needs more furniture.
ALSO
7 rooms, near Emporium, $250; clears $20.
10 rooms. O'KarTell at.. $300; rent $40; ln-
come $70. MARION GRIFFIN.
SPLENDID 40- room .• house on Sutter St.. In
the best possible condition. Plentifully fur-
nished with tho beat of everything. Full of
. the most, desirable people. Profit $150 montt>.
Reasonable rent. -".Long lease. Fair price.
' : MARION QRIFFIN.V
JUST. the place; 14 beautifully furnished rooms
on a nunny corner near St. Francis :. Hotel ;
hlghclarn, * respectable roomers; low price;
part cash, balance ss you earn it from the
house. This is an. ideal home and money-
maker. MARION GRIFFIN..-
A FIRST-CLASS ¦ apartment house," downtown
t location, for sale at a sacrifice for cash or
will mako terms- to suit If cold before July
1: account of sickness. A. B. SMITH CO.,
128 Ellis st. /- ;
42 ROOMS; corner: near R. R. depot: rooms
all full; clears $125 per month; renf $3 per
room; owner sick; must sell: $2350. • 453, Call.
THIRTY-FIVE-ROOM Market-street house;
busy corner; Al. transient: I will soil at low
figure or exchange. Box 3180, Call offlce. .
12-ROOM lodging-house for sale; rooms full;
centrally located;- bargain. Box 2107, .'Call.
FOR tale — Lodging house; 231 Third . st.; 20
roome; owner sick; price $950; rent f 75. ,
LOI2Gi.\G. HOUSI-S VQll SALE— Conu
— ¦ ¦ ¦
THIRTY room., nicely furnished, lease.. .$3500
20 room*, all men roomers. low rent 1000
115 rooms, low rent, country transient.. 5000
31 rooms, rent only $55 lc 00
¦10 rooms, rent $70, transient. •• 1500
SI rooms, rent $3 per room 3*w
Money to loan on furniture at low rates.
EIT_L & CARROLL, 212 Kearny St.
SI'HUTUAiaSM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY.
Clairvoyant, trance, business medium ana life
reader. l_0C Market at., Gait House.
MRS. ELSII! REYNOLDS. materlallxinc
seance Fri., Sun. evening. 328 Ellla st. ; 50c.
MKS. CONNOLL. 148 Sixth St.— Meeting Sat-
ur<iay; all testa; 10c; ladles' clr. Wed., -. 10c>
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
slate-writer. 1112 Eddy st.; phone Scott 887.
CLAIRYO YAXTS. • -
ASSURED success for you.
Call at once and save $4.
H!s famous «r> readings thlajweek for
?i $1 ?i $1 $1 $1 n *i
No charge — No charge
/\_nleee you obtain the inrormatlon for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE.
Th» first registered tranoe clolrvoyant and
palmist ever In San Francisco.
. Read carefully. An honest proposition.
s '* (You to be full Judge.)
I do hereby, solemnly agree and guarantee to
maJ?e no charge If I fall to tell your came, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tell you If
husband, wife or lover is true or false; ?.-ho and
when you will marry; how to gain the love of
the on«i you desire; -"in fact." I will tell you
evory hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself; his advice is reliable; his
powers are wonderful and indisputable- he im-
proves >6ur character so that you will reach
the highest possible development In mental
viffor. health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; the controlling power implanUd In your
nature, bo you can control any on* secrstly:
cures disease and loot vitality; givea advice on
mining: and burled treasures; gives you success
in lift; ha cuarantees you success or charges
nothing for his services.
10 a. m. to 8 p. m.— Closed Sunday.
____^_ 326 O'Farrgll st.— 326.
FROM ALL^^CrFoNS THEY COME TO'
WITNESS THE WONDERFUL DEMON-
STRATIONS of tho NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
For a reliable- and intelligent clairvoyant
readins go to LIVINGSTONE, 428 Eddy at.
He asks you no questions, but tells you
what you wish to know.
He does not mention all the Ills and mis-
fortunes you ara heir to. You are acquainted
with the lactd in your case. Let PROFESSOR
LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you, find the cause of trouble and
susffest tho remedy.
He Is as conspicuous for his wonderful oc-
cult analysis as he is for his original ex-
pression . and vivid truthfulness.
Would it not be a relief to know how you
w!ll *ueceed, to be relieved of the matters that
ar* troubling you and of the schemes of your
enemies, that you may meet with better success?
A test reading is not a life reading. When
you call en PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
Klve you a full life reading for 11. A test
Is of little value; when the mind Is troubled
you need more substantial aid nnd advice.
Permanently located 428 Eddy r>t.; 3 sep-
arate reception parlors. Lady attendant.
Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in th« /future; if you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice in
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed; readlngg by mall. Tel. Black 4559.
MME.PORTER.celebrated clairvoyant medium,
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight, tells past, ¦ present and future; 1.
fiOc. jr. by cards $t: palmistry and clairvoyant
sit.. $1 ftO. 200 O'Farrell et.. near Mason.
A— Miss M. WIHe. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal eeer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; special. $1: hours 10 to 8.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, clairvoyant, business me-
dlum- advice on mining _ invest.: devel.clr.
Thura., 8- 820 O'Farrell; tel. Hyde 1767.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg.palmlst. clalrvoyant.card
reader;when others fail try me;good readings
25c. 721 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.Tel.Larkln4207.
A— Mme. Raverrna reads life; business advice;
names Riven :25c up. 835 Howard,bet.4th45th.
OlTDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
2«>4 Kearny. rm.20: ladies 25c. gents SOc.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. and palm.;
names; L. 50c; G. $1. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, give* names,- dates
and facto; readings dally. 917 Market st.
MRS. BROWN clairvoyant, card reader. 23%
Sixth ft.; ladles 25c; gents SOc.
MME. ODELL returned; elalrvoyant.card read-
er; tea leaves; 25c up. Lower flat. 220 Eddy.
ISMAR, the celebrated Egyptian seeress, will
return from her vacation July 1.
, MRS BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
teller, id now at 317 Ellis St.
MRS SHAFER clairvoyant, card reader, sit-
tings, daily, 44?i4 Jessie s t., bet. 5th and 6th.
CARPET nBATIXG AXD CI.I^VING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
•mtver.«ally uned for cleaning carpet- on floor
without removal; carpets and rugs are also
cleaned by compreened air at shop: prices
moderaie. 8. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co., 308 Market St.; phones Main 182 and
Bush 479.
WHEN you become distrusted with your work
6enrl for EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 355-357 Tehama St.. Tel. South 40.
MITCnELL'S, 240 Fourteenth Bt.— Flrst-cla?s
carpet cleaning-, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison et.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior" Carpet-Beating Works,
833 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 14«2 Howard itel.South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM - CO.. grops.
RUDOLPH _ CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel. Mission 263.
C-.OT-.IWP aE-TOVATI-TP.
SUITS cleaned and' pressed,. II: scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis St.. room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
CO___CTION QgglCES.
BAD tenants ejected for |4; collections made;
city, or country. Pacific • Collection Co., 415
Montgomery,- rooms 0-10; tel. Main 6580.
COTTAGES TO LET.
|17— B-ROOM cottage on Cottage row, near
Web3ter, bet. Sutter and Bush. Inquire 7.
SUNNY cottage; 5 rooms; basement; yard. 137
Dolorys St.. near Fifteenth.
1 17 — 6-ROOM cottage on Cottage Vow, near
Webster, bet. Eutter and Busb. Inquire 7.
CURES TJJTTVKB. :
HUNTER'S Positive .Rupture Holder. $10; no
discomfort. 1206 Market St.; send for circular.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— Cannot break;
warranted .20 yrs.; crown, $3 50; fillings, 60c;
plates. $S; full net; all worTt painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 2. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
. — No charge for extracting w.hen plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; .extracting 50c; gas given.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM surgeon-dentlst.r.U.lst
floor. Phelan bid.. SOG Market, cor. O'Farrell.
: Paris Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush— -
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns,$. up; nillngs,25c.
FREE examination with chart at the New
York DcntlBts. 0(!9 Mission st., SE. cor. 6th.
GOLD fllllngg. 75c; silver, 3Bc; crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt,204 Suttr.
DRESSMAKEns AJVD SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDION^ s^ju^r~a7id~^nl7etpT_tln^ : !
Stewart's button and buttonhole factory, 110
Taylor St.; tel. Folsom 2121. ¦
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve, class.- 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL,.
AT home in our new quarters, the largest, best
. lighted and most delightful placo of business
study in tho entire West. New, complete,
extensive departments. Thorough, Inspiring
instruction.- 75-page catalogue on request.
•CALIFORNIA'. BUSINESS' COLLEGE, 801-
P2.*i Golden Gale ave.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 TOST, S
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing.
• languages. telcRraphy, English branches; day
- and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue
PRIVATE lessons. English, shorthand, etc , $4
, mo. Wejtern Dullness ; College. 1107 Market.
THE JSP CALL
JOH37 I). BPi-ECSE-S 1 . \. Proprtctor
Addrtjs Ccmm-r.ic-llcns to
VV. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TEX DOLLAUsTrKWAUD.
Xo'f/y The Call Office if Yon Mis«
Your Paper.
If for any cause THE CA__ la net de-
livered regmlarly to cabscriters please
call np *'C-__I. EXCHAJfGE" «-4 not_7
Subscription Clerk in chanre. Your com-
wlalnt will receire proropt attention.
A _tan_.i_.ir re-ward of Tea -oilars
(S10.C0) is offered fcr tUc arrest _a_
ccsrictlcn c. asy cne caug-l stealing"
J.J1.E CAX.X*.
Ask for THE CALL- The Operator Wl!l Con-
nect You With the _>ei;artment \ou W is_.
Publication Orfke Market and Third. S. F.
Efi-tcrlel r.ocrcs 217 to 221 Steveneon su
Delivered by Carriers. _0 Cts. Per "]?**. " 5
CtB. Per Mor.th. Single Copies 5 «_.
Terms by il_i:. Iaclu-lr.K Postage (Cash W «t»
Order) : _i ' |
PALLY CA__ linclu-. Hur.day). 1 year. . •*]•<*> ,
DAILY CALX. <tncl__. Surda;). C mo«... *;W
DAILY CALL— By Single Month >£
SUNDAY CALL, I Year --f» |
WEEKLY CALL.^ Year .^—^-^
FOREIGN Sunday. 415 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. I -weekiy 1 00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTKRS ABE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
6_r_ple Copies will he roi-arded when re-
quested.
M_il r-bicrfbers »n or-crin* chanre of _ ad;
c-rMB should be particular to give both M^>
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
prrrcpt and correct compliance with tnc.r re-
Bue*.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1O:« Broadway Telephone Main 1OS., I
BERKELEY OFFICE:
n*S Center Street Tel#?hone North tl
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. WALL. H°*el Barton
NEW X-**K NKWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. SI
frion Square: Murray HJ11 Hotel; Fifth-ave-
u_* Hotel and Horfrr.au House.
CIUCAGO NEWS STANDS: 1
Khertsan House- P. O. News Co.: Great]
V. rthem Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium 1
Held; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE 1 :
C GEORGE KROGNE«S..Marc.uette Puilfllnff
tLong Distance Telephone, "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEPHTN B. SMITH GO Tribune Bull.lng
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
r C CABL.TON Herald Square
ClflNESS OFFICE of the Pan Francisco
<'_!. corner Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every nig'.it in the year, f
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market fctreet, opposite Fifth; opes until
E_7 McntKomcry etreet, corner Clay; open
-rtll 4»:30 p. m.
r.1Q Hayr-s street; open until 9:30 p. m.
<;¦*• McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C13 Larkin street; open until »:30 p. m.
1*41 Ml^fion street; open until 10 p. m.
•r_6l Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 0 r. m.
i r "tf Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
J0S*5 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Sfectbeast coiner Church and D_ncan streets;
upon unt'.l _» p. m.
KorthweM corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky strwts; open until fl p. m.
_200 Flllmore street; cpr-i until 8 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVTXG TOWN
FOR THi: SIMMER.
CAUL sn-ccrlaers contemplating' a
change of residence during' the summer
months can tave their paper forwarded
by mail to their new address toy notlf y-
inff THE C*.Xj-> Business Office. This
paper will also be on eale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local
agxnt in all towns on the ctast.
MEETIXfi NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. -
P.fgular assembly THIS EVEN- TJ**
ING at 7 :::<>. Order of Temple. All fcj
fraters c->urteouf=!y Invited.
i'TIARLE? II. PLT'M Commander. - :.
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
PACIFIC I«vlee No «(?. F. and A. M.. s
meot* THIS EVENING, 7 o'clock. <Jy
Third drrree. /V\
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec.
PAST GRANDS' ASSOCIATION,
I. n. tt. F.. meets TO-NIGHT. -?2£_JS_i
Fraternal Hall. I. O. O. F. build- : N^|S|t£5^
ir.g. Important.
W. A. S. NICHOIJ5ON, President.
W. I. BKOEECK. Secretary.
THE I. O. O. F. picnic will be held .^fCrrtfe.
June II. lt>04, »t Ferafcrook Pa rk . --'-vpSSg*^
Boat Ifcvn the ferry lar.-ing a t--55^3?P
9 o'clock. Every child Trill receive •^Swi^t-
_ prize. THE COMMITTEE.
CALIFORNIA Lo«Jre No. I. K. of P., _^i
merts THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING
at f 5 o'clock. Pioneer building:. 24 ]Ffr£&
Fourth st. Pass rank. Visitors in- J£_>'V
vit»d. F. O_._I0LU C. C.
R. N. McLKNNAN. K. cf R. arid S.
EUREKA Lodge No. ». K. of P.. 909 -^*_
Market ft., meets THIS (FRIDAY) ?6_S> < /
EVENING. Knight rank <a~pli2ed /y_?_
fc-rm). A fraternal welcome *x- Jg£>£
tcr.d»-d to visitors.
W. CRONIN. C. C.
J. W. C. BEATTIE. K. of P.. an. S.
FAN FRANCISCO Tent No. 18. J$3$t&b)K
K. O. T. M.-R"view THI3 _Q__-i -iBr*
• FRIDAY) EVENING, at 8 fc^ (&¥_¦__
..'clock. Pioneer Halt. 24 tPStf /TVvWfflj
n. m n. Richards. \5?S!iS_/
THE California Drbrts Commission havlrn
received appiic-tirn to mice by hydraulic
1 roc*»s from Georpe E. Waggoner and David
I'ptcn in Telepraph mine, at Indian Di_>
rif.gs. El Dorado County. Cal., drainljs Into
: . ~ Pltftrlrigs Creelt. which reaches Co-
»umne« River, glvec notice that meeting will
b» held at room 96. Flood building. Ean
Franrixco. Cal.. June 20. 1904. at 1:30 p. m.
AGE XTS~WJ_5TB D.
wn «ant a n-mfcer of live canvassers at once;
liberal contracts with men wh» can do busl-
re»«. Apply at 1841 Flllmore at. and 300
Pott et. White Sewing Machine Co.
WANTED— Flrft-clam rustl»rs for city and
•' 'ir.irr-. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary.
__ _ V S-AT-LAW,
A PRIVATE, quick dlrorcs for *oia3\~tt*.
St *^ tn t,. aT:d tav " °«___ no Pay in advance.
O W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
I.ftsbHshed 22 yrs.; rms. _. 2, 3, 4 _ 5. 1st fl
11_2 Market «t.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free all matter*. Detectives employed.
r. W. KING. Attorr.ey-at-I__w~_xarn7 bldg..
«.th floor; entrance room 611; established 15
years: a!', cases, general court and offlce prac-
tice; no fee m advance or for consultation:
cicnlngs by eppolntment. T«l. Red 3601.
PENSION s.«y.— M. I^RRIS, 40 Ellis nt. 15
yrs. practice; refs. from many thousands ot
K>l_iers. eallo— ., widows and orphans on Pa-
oiflg Coast tor Tvhora I have secured pensions.
I >n-ORCE— Costs. $ 1 2; quick," qulet7~advice
all law business; no charge unless j.uc-
cessful; open evening?. fl27 Market, room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce costs J12; no fees r
¦costs in advance: all law business- ofn>e
otc-n Saturday evenings, tilfi Market St., r. 33.
I>tVGKCE law a — lertaityTno publicity: advice
irrc: costs $12. Ad. B.A.S.. P.O. box 21^3, B.F.
I,. F. CLARK, n_7 Market st; consultation
rrr*; no fee» in advance; open evenings.
AUTOMOBILES.
AUTOMOBILES— Li very, garage^ and"~cai7s7
ruoTTtr; . automobilc-s of every description
bo-pht nnd told; will buy or sell necond-
hand machines. See as before you do any-
thing with your machine. Phone South 702
Pacific fc'tates Automobile Co.. 217 Ellis stl
WANTED — Ts buy «n sutomcbllc In flret-class
order: not over S500. Address, giving de-
scription ot tr-chine.. box 571, Call offlce.
V.IJITE Ktanhfcpe Automobile for eale. Box
180, Call offlce. «^_
i'On eale — Automobile (steam). Box C33. Call'
office.
_. ASTH-A _.r MED T.
A Dl Kola's Asthma. Remedy relieve. Instant-
ly: 10t; 20c. 60c. 1C02 Market. Et. Nicholas.
DOABDIXG FOR CHILDIM-.V.
TRENCH board! ns for children.. MRS.
GVKTZ. 663 I'ine _C
** ** **. A LOINvJ rLLI WAIN I D onUKiLY OukkLILU
HELP WANTED — M ALE— gontlaned.
A— MURRAY & REACT. Phone Main 5sii
634 and ti_6 Clay st. MW Phone Main,
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
1903 w« gave " . *. 15*04 we hope
eo.000 men work. To Increase UO.iXn)
SPANISH, GERMAN, FRENCH
ITALIAN. SWISS!, GREEK."
NEW. NEW NEW.
ARIZONA. ARIZONA. ARIZONA.
$11-04 1104 Miles. $11.01.
8350 MEN WANTED.
Hundreds soing dally. Are you?
Teamsters, laborers hammersmen. drillers.
$_. *_ U), $3. $.i SO day.
Florence, center of gre_t mines. Arizona.
FREE FARE— S HOURS DAY.
To- State of Nevada. Nevada — Nevada.
UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT WORK.
1 3335 drillers, teamsters, laborers,
j Rockmen, concrete mixers, tunnelmen.
$2, $2 80. $3, $3 50; 8 hours; overtime paid.
Cost $1 fee. that's all; 2 years' work.
NORTH. FREE FARE— EAST. SOUTH,
latt laborers; no exy»-rience required; you'll
suit.
FREE TO-DAY— YOU GO FREE.
.._ GREAT LUMBER TRUSTS.
196 laborers, lumber companies. $.;5 to $60 fC
TO THE MINES AND QUARRIE3.
11 !?J?^ re "' ' oren >en tor mir.es. $10. $_0 ML
15 drillers, no fare to pay, $67 50. >
LABORERS— TEAMSTERS.
83 scraper and wagon teamsters. $2 25 day.
164 laborers all over California, some la S<__
Fracclnco. $2 and $2 50 day.
33 laborers, 8 hours' work dally, that's aU.
„, ' HAT AND HARVEST HAJTDS.
91 haymakers, all over Stat». $1 50 day ami
found. •
38 harvest hands, ink savers, pitchers. «t_,
$2 day and found.
18 teamsters, extra good Job*. $1 CO and $3
cay and found.
DAIRYMEN, 8TA_X_K_HN.
64 milkers, extra good Jot-, come. sea. $35.
$40 and found.
0 buttar-ro_k*Ts. 2 eheeseauJcsrs, $*0» $3*
and found.
19 stablemen, city, eo-ntry JoSa, $73, $50.
$33 and found.
OARDKNXR8. C_OT_X_CE_r.
5 gardeners, private jobs, boss her*. $33 a_t
$30 and found.
4-i chor«men and boya, different jobs. $33, $39t
$23 and found. •
16 haybaJers, __o ton.
FRU1TPICKERS. ETC
63 orchard and vineyard haxt-5, p«r___ent
jobs, $20, $30. $35 and found.
16 fruitplckers, fars $1, extra good JotM.
$26 fd.
DRIVERS — D-UVERS — DRIVE"—.
63 hackdrtvers for San Francis oo» $60.
MARRIED.
9 men and wives for farros, orc_*.-la, T_M»
yards, dairies, mines, etc.. |40.$.O,$60.$TO ti.
MECIIANICAL.
4 apprentice boys, city; crosscutter. logs. L.
Co.. $43. and found; tinner, $3 dart B croa^
cut lawyers; carefully read these.
TRADESMEN.
6 sa«h and door hands. lumber co— rpSTiJi fS
to $3 CO day.
13 blacksmiths, different places, $3. 13 00 day
6 carriage painters, $1- to $13 Week.
Weavers on blankets.
2 brick loaders, country, 33c M.
Screw turners, edgermen, hook; tenders.
Logger, understands rigging. L. Ox. $69 ML
12 shlngla packers, cutoff sawyer.
Molder and sticker hand.
Carriage painters and sticker hand. $4 day.
Wheelwright, wheel machine, fare $1. $3.
12 coopers, slack work, call very early.
WOODCHOPPERS.
.108 woodcheppers, everywhere In the State.
Logger. Dolbeer logging donkey, $73 fonnd.
MURRAY A READY. 634-836 Clay St.
13 COOKS, springs, resorts, hotels, eaxnpa.
mines, ranches, saloons, etc. $70, $60. $20,
$40, $30, $25 and found.
3 second cocks, $33 and $40 and found.
14 waiters, hotels, cafes, etc., $40. $33. (30,
$25 and found.
28 dishwashers, see us. $33, $30. $20 found.
18 porters, bell and el«rator boys. $30. $25.
$20, $13 and found.
LOOK. ~»
4 boy*, city factories. $4 week; omnibus
boys.
Butcher bookkeeper, manage couatry shop;
good wages.
Laborer, do butcher's work. $33 found.
LAUNDRYMEN.
' Laundryman. institution. $30 and found,
washers, laundrymen. all over California.
8 vegetable gardeners. $30 found.
BAKERS.
First, second, third, fourth hand bakere.
MURRAY - READY. 634-e3d Pay st.
LOOK—
2 apprantloe boys for bakery, 13o tars, $)
week.
1* laborers, lumber company, southeast. $43
found.
23 laborers, lumber company, fare $2 CO, $33
found.
FREE FARE TO-DAY.
26 laborers, no experience wasted. $6"}.
MtTRRAY — READY. 631-636 Clay st.
MIDNIGHT orders.
Read tham carefully.
Blacksmith, ranch, steady, good Job. $33 fd.
2 plain painters, plain carriage work, city.
5 laborers city factory. $1 73 day.
Camp cook. 10 men, $30 found.
3 hostlers, city Jobs, $75.
10 farmers, same ranch. S33 found.
Painter city housework. $3 day.
4 carpenters, fare $1 50, $3 50 day.
Painter, city, good Job. $3 day.
Married farmer. $2 day.
Milker and wife. Colusa Co., $30 found.
FOREM—N.
Foreman ditch gang. $40 found.
Foreman vineyard orchard. $54 up and fd.
Tamale maker, country job.
Oxen teamster, lumber company. $30 found.
Biggest wages at MURRAY _ READY'S,
Best places at 634-636 Clay at,
MURRAY & HEADY.
MURRAY _ READY.
MURRAY - READY.
2 painters, fare SOc. $3 50 day.
Carpenter. rancS. fare $1 33. $40 and fouad.
Foreman for a mine, south. $23 aad found.
Engineer, city Job, $3 day.
Carpenter, rough work. $2 day and faosd.
BOOKKCEPER.
Bookkeeper and collector, mining tumvt, boas
here. $1S week.
LOOK.
Second cook, hotel. $50: pantryman. $30 __,
Second baker, fare $3 60, $43 and found.
Day porter, city cafe; paa wa__er. ba_«ry,
$23 and found.
Boy answer phone, city m-tltatiotv $St to.
LUMBER.
Edgerman. sugar pine. $90 and fouad.
Head donkey man. S. C. (60* and found.
Crosscut sawyer, fare $2 23. $33 and foaad.
2 Jackscrew ers, $43 and found.
Watchman, old man. $10 week.
LOOK.
Gardener, « cows , private, far* $1, |40 f_»
Gardener, help paint. $25 fd.. city Institution.
Man help cook, wash dishes, L. C. fa— 1 $1.
$33 and found.
2 slanghter-hous* butchers, ranch, far* tt 23,
$30 and' found.
Blacksmith, camp, Nevada*, $60 and flpu-d^
Blacksmith's helper, camp. Nerada. |4O fd.
MURRAY _ READY, C34-63«cW st.
" 400 MILES!
$400. H<*
SOUTH. SOUTH. SOUTH.
135 teamsters, eome see. $60.
MURRAY - READY. 634-636 Clay St.
WANTED — Young man from IS to 20 years o<
age to learn the dry goods business. Apply
between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Experienced domestlo salesman.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALB
BROS.'
WANTED — Young man of college education,
one who has been an advertiser or been en-
gaged In newspaper work; a good opportuni-
ty for a bright youcg man to becoshe an ad.
vertlser; sill pay liberal salary far party
with the"" required qualifications. Apply
HALE BROS.', between 9 and 11 a. m.
WANTED — Accountant from 23 to 33 years ot
age; must be first -class mathematician. Ap-
ply between 9 and 11 a. nv at HALE BROS.*
WANTED — Educated gentleman who has good
knowledge of cyclopedias: $1200 per year;
references required.
University Society. bf>x 2100. Call.
WANTED — A young man to work in livery
stable; one who can drive; $10 a month a*»~
found: short distance In country. Inquus
TUM KAISERHOF. 815 Sansome st.
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at 925 Golden
Gate ave., room 7. for free Information a*
to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.; day
or eveninss.
MARBLE — Wanted, two first-class marble se»-
t»rs for country. Apply R. P. HURLBUT
12S'Kearry «t.. room 38. Saturday, i p. m.
STRONG boy for general work about small
farm: wages $15. Address box 161, San Ra-
facl. Cal. I
"WANTED— A st»s»'ly nan to learn a trade;
will make in short time $50 a month. 310»_
Folsom St.. u*>3taij|'.
WANTED — Young man to make himself gen-
erally useful. Enterprise Lunch Kltch— 1.
City Hall Market. -Market Bt. v «ppo. Seventh.
BOY . to learn jewelry ensravins trader nu
wajres at mart: good opportunity. PACIFIC
EXGRAYING CO.. 016 Market st.
WANTED — 10 men; must have som- experi-
ence In tearing ilown buildtn*?. Cal. House
Wrecking Co.. NW. cor. Mission and 10th sts.
MEN and women wanted to learn the barber
trarK free of charge. Olllett Ccllesa of
Barbers. t>!7 Conin-.»rrla! ft.
BOYS wanted. JOE ROSEN BEIiG. 816 Mar.
ket st. ¦
TWO men t» go to country as fruit ptckera
2. Uu_W» _Jtj_3 ««*??•-• Box 2123, CiU. , __.
EDUCATIONAL Continued.
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 ~e
moved to new fireproof building. 733 Mission
St.; between Third and Fourth; more space:
finer rooms; better light; finest in the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A — CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1435 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates; Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $S mo.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st.; established 18 years; special discount
r during month of June: Catalogue free. j
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electridty,24 Post
St.. f?. F.; a practicaT school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING^ — Adults. Mon. and Frl. evgs; Juve-
niles, Sat. 2 to 5; prlv. lessons daily. F1nd»
lay'a Hall.' 17th. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING— Civil, else, mln.. mech., sur-
vey, asAty. cyanide: day. ev. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. llSFulton. nr. City Hall.
A PROFESSOR of Spanish and French lan-
I guages will give lessons at home or In fam-
v lly; write. LAURENT CASOS. 507 Pine St.
15OOKKEEPING, English, math., etc., day cr
eve. individual lnstr. Rm. 2. 305 Larkln. Prof.
T. A. Rcbir-on, formerly of Pac. Bus. CoL
GUITAR, mandoltn and piano $3 per mo.;
mandolin club, $1 per mo. 828 Halgnt st.
PIANO lessons. 28c half hour. MRS, PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mlssl on. nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell at.; tel. Main B752.
sRELIASIJS Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLBY _ CO... 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FESIAiB.
AN English girl wants coo-Ing or housework.
>£an Mateo, Menlo Park or Burllngaxne; has
, - good references ; wants $30. Can be" seen at
PLU^KETTS, 425 Sutter -t.. . near
'Powell; telephone Main 5472.
YOUNG lady, experienced stenographer with
knowledge of bookkeeping, .desires a posi-
tion us offlce assistant. Box 2082, CalL
GIRL wants a position for housework and
cooking. Please call at 1407 Scott et.. near
Geary.
A WAITRESS wants position; hotel or restau-
rant: city or country. 824 Mason St.; phone
Black. 2396. <
A RESPONSIBLE! woman wants care of house
during owner's absence. S24 Mason st.;
phone Black 2306.
RELIABLE young lady wants position as nurse
for children. Address box 2127. Call.
A REFINED young woman with two months'
-. vacation would like to go to the country
with a respectable family as companion, or
take care of a child. Addrees D. R., Frult-
vale P. O. -. ..v_-
COMPETENT, reliable good woman; work by
the day; washing and Ironing or housa
cleaning; $1 00 a day or 75c half day and
car fare. Please Inquire at C8 Valley St.,
bet. Dolores and San Jose ave.
YOUNG lady with exceptional ability as stenog-
rapher, typewriter and bookkeeper wishes
position; wages not less than $23 per month.
Box 2110, Call.
A MIDDLE-AGED German woman, with girl
10, . wishes situation as cook ' or working
housekeeper in vicinity of school; city or
country; wages $25. Box 2117, Call offlce.
A YOUNG woman wishes washing and house-
cleaning by the day; wagea $1 60 day. Apply
17% Welsh st.,' off Fourth, Ixtwwn Bryant
and Brannan. ~.
A LADY would like to accompany family to
New Zealand; care for children or be of
general assistance; does not become seasick.
Address box 2553, Call office.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes place for cook-
ing and general housework; references; wages
$25. 2312 Van Ness ave., between Vallejo
and Green ste.
REFINED young lady would like position as
lady's companion; best of references: refined
home preferred. Box 2074. Call offlce.
A SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes position to do
housework. 236 Twelfth st.
LAUNDRESS wants work by the day. 743
• Folsom «t.; phone Red 677.
WANTED — Any kind of work by the day; good
cook. 84 Sixth st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce, cor. Duncan _ Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
CARPENTER, cabinet-maker, thoroughly ex-
perienced, good workman, steady, also good
draughtsman, make estimates, wants work;
$3 a day. Box 2130. Call,
ENGINEER wishes steady position running
dynamo, repairing; all round mechanic; good
references. Address 816 Langton st.
MAN. 26, speaks German, French, Hungarian,
Servian (Croatian), Slavish and English,
wants position of any kind. Box 2133. CalL
YOUNG man German, wishes position as dish-
washer or Kitchen helper. Address 653 Fol-
eom at. . •' '-'-- ;
NURSED male, requires invalid or mental
cases; town or country: first-class references;
thoroughly reliable. W. W., 1235 Market.
JOB printer wants situation, country; has lit-
erary ability. A, 2121 Call offlce.
GARDENER (Dane) wants situation ; best of
references. Address Fred Thomsen, San Mateo
YOUNG man wants work;' care of horses, cows,
garden, etc., or housework. Box 2137, Call.
MECHANICAL draughtsman — Mechanic hav-
ing completed mechanical drawing course and
well advanced In complete mechanical, wishes
work as assistant, tracing or details. Ad-
dress 1128 Tennessee st.
A YOUNG colored man would like a place in
private family as coachman or would like a
' place as Janitor; can give the best of refer-
ences. Box 2007, Call.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes a
situation as clerk in grocery store and bar-
room- first-class references. W. BOHLING,
417 Kearny at. '^.,-
YOUNG man of good address wishes position
of any kind; good driver; understands horses
and care of automobile; Al references from
last employer and others. Box 2075. Call.
A RELIABLE younr man desires position as
stenographer and offlce clerk: has knowledge
of bookkeeping: 2 years' experience; Al ref-
erences. Box 2114, Call office.
1
MAN and wife; young; man experienced
coachman; can do gardening, etc.: wife is a
good cook; city references; city or suburbs.
Box 2570. Call offlce.
A GOOD and honest boy, with first-class ref-
erences, who Is an experienced elevator op-
erator, wants a situation. Address box 2671,
Call offlce.
SITUATION as foreman in a brick yard; have
burnt with coal, wood and oil ; good refer-
ences. J. A. LANCE. San Jose. Cal.
POSITION wanted as man about place; reli-
able. conscientious, handy; experienced In
6tock and poultry; references. Box 2116, Call.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class painter.
Box 2076, Call. - «_
YOUNG man wants housework, or general
work around private place. Box 2119, Call.
Painter, paper-hanger, signwrlter, wants work;
tools furn. 1272 Folsom st.; phone Mint 131.
FIRST-class Chinese cook would like a sltua-
tlon in boarding house. 1110 Stockton Bt.
A JAPANESE boy wants situation to do house,
work and plain laundry. I. F., 451 Jessie st.
FLATS TO LET.""
AA A— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed in our free renting department: over 1000
in number: a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place: we never fail: service free. E-SMfOh
' STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1039 MARKET ST..
• ' OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
¦ ZZZZ .• ¦ /
A — HOUSES, and flats to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. ¦ Cordes Furniture Co., 245-2S9
Geary st., on the square.
0 ______
VAX NESS ave., 631— Most elegant corner
flat in city to lease; private • family only:
rent $85; open 11 a. m. to 4 p. m. Api/iy
on premlnee or to BALDWIN & HOWELL. ¦
CALIFORNIA. 2273. near Webster— Elegant
new flat; 10 rooms and finished attic; $ift>.
HAYES. 692, cor. Buchanan— Nice sunny flat;
0 rooms and bath: modern Improvements.
TURK. 520A— Sunny flat. 4 rooms, bath, gas;
large basement; rent $16; no children.
MERRITT. 23. bet/ 17th and 1Sth—5 rooms and
, bath; modern ; $18; take 18th-Bt. cars.
A FLAT of S rooma aad bath; rent » 18. 1630
'Page it, ' . - ¦ — ' ">-»- —THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; FRIDAY, JUNE 10, 1901.
13
RjEAJ^ESJTATE--CITT — FOR gALg.
EASTOX, ELDRIDGE _ CO..
60S Market Street.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION!
TUESDAY June 14. 1904
At our salesroom at 12 o'clock noon.
MISSION FLATS.
No. IOCS Capp st.. north cf 26th; lot 63x113
feet; improvements consist of 3 separate bulld-
Ingj, containing 9 flats in all with 6 rooms* and
porcelain bath In each; lot has two frontages;
total rents $217 50 per month.
STE1NER-STREET RESIDENCE.
No. t'lXJ Stelner St.. north of Fell; lot 27:6x
110 feet; Improvements censist of a 2-story resi-
dence, containing 6 rooms, bath and laundry.
MISSION COTTAGE.
No. 30S6 Twenty-third St.. east of No«: lot
.5x114 feet; Improvements consist of a eottaga
or ( sunny rooms and bath on main floor; also
partly finished attic containing 5 rooms. This
place Is in excellent condition, almost new.
n i£S ern and always rented for $50 p«r month;
$:_CU mortgage can remain
GEAUY-STREET INVESTMENT.
No. &» Geary st., east of Polk; extremely
large lot. SSrUxliO feet, through to a rear
str?et; present Improvements consist of a 2-
story frame dwelling containing 7 rooms and
batn. This la an excellent site for an apart-
ment house.
TENTH-ST. BUSINESS INVESTMENT.
«. .°5: 317 " 17 H Tenth st., south of Folaonj; lot
25x100 feet; improvements consUt of a stor«
and 3 rooms In rear aad a flat of 6 rooms snd
bath above: rent very low at $40 per month.
PINE-STREET INVESTMENT.
.J^°- Pln * "- west of Webster; lot 23x
100-fe*t; improvements censist of a 6-room cot-
tage.
MISSION-STREET BUILDING LOT3.
S.E. corner of Mission St. and Russia av«. ;
11 lots to ba sfl.J as per diagram.
MCALLISTER ST. BUILDING LOTS
S.E. cor. of McAllister et. and Masonic art.;
3 lots to ba sold aa per diagram.
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
8.W. cor. of 20th st. and Potrero ava.; lot
28x100 feet; improvements consist of a s«or«
with 4 living rooms In rear; fine Cat containing
6 rooma and bath, rangs in kitchen, large high
basement floored and contains ona room, brtcle
foundation: also stabls and loft for 4 horses.
WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
No. 2907 Washington St.. west cf Devtaadero;
lot 23x125 feet; Improvements consist of a 2-
story frame dwelling substantially built, netr
plumbing and recently renovated for 2 separata
families; 3 rooms downstairs and 4 rcomsi and
bath upstairs; mortgage of $3000 can remain;
rent $4aper month.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO..
| 633 Market straet.
THOMAS MAGEE A SONS. "*
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
6 MONTGOMERY ST.
THREE NEW FLATS.
$14,0CO.
RENTS $145 A MONTH.
NEARLY 13 PER CENT.
New ar.d growing property.
First-class residence locality.
One lire of cara passing and anothar alactria
line H block away, transferlng to any part
of the city.
Thra« flats Just finished.
Each flat has 7 Kjoms. bath, reception halj
and storace room.
Splendid Interior arrancersertt and flniah:
first-class plumbing: ft=i sunny exposure
south and west: key let with established
and permanent space.
Will always rent.
This is an exceptionally good buy.
Call at offlca at once, for particulars.
_______ t 7 I
— ;•
MCALLISTER STREET
$10.00O.
LOT 25x137:8.
Has 2-story building on it. which could b*
moved to the front and a storw put below
and small building put in rear of lot: or
moved to rear and new building of store)
and 2 flats built in front of lot.
In business district, and will rent steadily.
THOMAS MAGEE _ SON?.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE. I
Marine View.
Within a block of Broadway and Flllmora
¦t.; 12 rocms. 2 baths; practically new; all
latest Improvements: absolutely perfect condi-
tion: hardwood finish; unobstructed martn*
view; price $14,500: must be sold oa account
of owner leaving city.
THORNE _ KILPATRICK.
312 Bush st-. near Montgomery.
$1 23 PER w«»k: no Interest: lots in tba Et-
celsior Homestead Tract: all level: no gi— I-
lrc to do: ready to build your lltt:« noma
«a; clcso to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
28 Montgomery st., room S.
FOR sale— $12,000. cash $2000. S swell marine
view flats not yet completed: rents $132O
per annum; north line Green St.. Nos. 1864-
66-69, east of Laguna: every room is and will
be sunny: every possible latest Improvement;
lot 25x137:6. Apply at tha premise*. 11 to 3.
FREE homestead presented by Uncle 8a_ un-
der new Government canal la Nevada. Se«
J. E. GORDON. _S Crossley bldg.. 2:30 to 5
p. m. daily.
FOR sale — Fine 3 flats; 8 and 7 rooms, bath;
paying property: central; leaving city; no
agent. Box 2104. CalL
$7500 EACH — 3 new 9-rooms and* bath dwall-
lngs; elegantly furnished; on Feil St.. 23
feet west of Fill— ore.
MONEY at « per cent for the full coat .»f
buildings and part lot. Manhattan Savlags
Bank. 107-8-9-U Crocker building.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH ft MAYER. Plumbers. 8.-.B Howard st.
STTBTTH— AX FBO7ZBTT.
KOS9 STATION TO SAN ANSELMO.
The Finest Suburban Residence Tract
Within 50 minutes of Saa Francisco ever placed
on the market in 1 to 3 acre tracts, and prices
within r-ai-h of all; 3 minutes from Ross sta-
tion. 1 minute from San Anselmo: unsurpaasot
views and beautiful building knolls; fine oak,
trees and running water: only 12 pieces left;
party at San Anselmo station Saturday to show
same. Maps and full at
CHATFIELD _ VINZENT.
2?S Montgomery St.. 9. F.
rOlilT RICHMOND KKAL KSTATK.
4 CHOICE lots for sale cheap for cash. Ap-
ply S2H Bush n.. rtvim 4. third floor. •
BEKKLELEV ADVEKT'S'ATNT*
BEUKFI.KY HEAL ESTATE.
BERKELEY BUSINESS PROPERTT aa n
Investment Is equal to anything oa tb*
coast. There Is money to be mada by buy-
ing that class of property — five local train*
every hcur from Berkeley atatloo to Saa
Francisco.
Berkeley Is a vlllags no more — It Is tha
center of California for many things.
BERKELEY 13 CALIFORNIA.
SOME GOOD BUTS.
A thoroughly well-built two-story brick build-
ing, a NW corner t storas balow and flats
above, payisg wall.
A fine corner on Shattuck are., very protnl-
nantly located; vacant; there's moo«y la It.
A stonf ard brick warehouse, fitted with com-
partments, elevator etc.. is a business center;
leased fcr fiva years.
A business block on Telegraph av--. 1 storvs
and flats above with vacant corner adjola-
lng for Can; a cholca preposition.
JOS. J. MASON.
Cor. Center and Snattu:*, Berkeley.
__B__x_nr -POMS.
BERKELEY or Oakland— Rooms and boar!
wanted by family <4 adult*), requiring :t
bedrooms, with private bath and sut.ru-
room; good location; full particulars witn
terms. Easterner, box 2203, Call office.
FRUITY ALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
FHCITV'ALK REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— $2730; It cost $3750; rents for $2O
per month; 2 cottages on lot. 40x150. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty- third sts..
East Oakland.
TWO acre^. corner, cottage of 4 rooms, .bath,
pantry, balement. windmill and tank, chicken
yards. 15O fruit trees, b-rrias. ata. cheap.
C. MICHEL. Elmhnrst. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVEBTISE_O-NT_
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXI* KtRSlTIKE KOR S.%Ltt
TO-MORROW the day for bargains la furni-
ture. H.Schetlhaas,llth at.. ccr.store.Oaklaad.
Cout—meU on Pase 14,
BY A riTTING ADVERTISEMENT IN THE CALL IIP *>
| HORSES AJSP WA-OOXS — Con tin wed.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horses, wag-
ons, •urrej-s, burgle*, carts and hsrsess; st
1140 Folsom at. «
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round: near Black. Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 100 Stevenson. 6. F.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to 1st; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN 4 CO.. 20 Montgomery.
TO LET — Fine house and stable. 131 Thlr-
teenth at.
HOUSES KIRMJUEO — POR SALE.
NICELY furnished house of 7 rooms, closa in;
will sell reasonable. Tal. Polk 3S41.
j________________Z__Z_
WANTED — S-roora modern house; north of
Pine St.. west of Van Ness ave., from July
or later; responsible tenant. Address box
21 C2. Call of£<re.
I> VESTMENTS.
GOOD investment — A limited number of shares
at 25 e per share; this stock will be worth
cne dollar <I1) per share witntn a year; call
or write Osceola Mining and Development
Company. 414 Crqasley building. 8. F.
LOST AM) FOl/.\D.
LOST— A white bull terrier with two black
j spots on each ear; answers to name of Hec- •
; tor; suitable reward will ba paid for return. {
Apply Subscription window Call business of- J
floe. I
LOST— A passbook with the Hibemla Savings
and Loan Society, of San Frandsoo. in the
name of JAMES CARTER, No. 272-831. Tr.e
finder will pleaaa return to bank.
LOST— June 6. 1904. a lady's gold watch, ini-
tials R. H-. betwean Third and Folsom.
Geary and Kearny its.; reward. C2 Geary
street.
LOFT— Between Montgomery st. and Spreckels
Market, s diamond pin with small star pend-
ant; liberal reward. 227 Clipper et.
LOST— Crate on cover. "Natural Oak No. 12V
7.. L." .J. Holle. 20th and York; reward.
_AT7gC-X3 ~TO_ ____,
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure aad business; teL Bush 534.
J. Michaelis Launch Co.,Unton-st. Wharf; boat-
ing ft excursions. 5 Steuart at. ; tel. John 26S6.
MED I C A L.
LADIES desiring safe, sur» and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 >ears' experience in all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE.
71C Market st., rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
cvmplair.ta and Irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 82d Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
Hef guaranteed. 10o^V» Market st., opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who ar«Tick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 101S Market 6t.
SPECIALIST for women; DR. R. H. WES-
TON. office SC5 Kearr.y St.; hours, 10-4. 7-3:
consi'lt a graduate physici_i; it pays; irregu-
larities relieved; safe, sure and confidential.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, above Van Ness — Ex-
pert In obstetrics, female complaints: inst.
relief; treatment $10; hours 10 to 5: 25 yrs.ex.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1113 Market— Reiiableladles 1
specialist; a private home before and duricg
condnemeot ; best n-.edical care; low fees.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having secured lease of
premise*, U permanently located at 511A
Leavenworth st.. bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
MATERNITY Villa — Sociuded; confidential.
DR. EMILIA FUNKE. 141« Sth St.. Alameda.
LADIES' Irregularities cured; 18 years', ex.;
private. DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny St.
LADIES — Kuraround; safe, sure, never fails;
$2. Gleaion-Ruegle» Drug Co.. Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN resides 2965 FolBom St., corner
26_: ladles, relief or no fe«j $1 0.
DR.and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1128 Market.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH Sz WOLPMAN. 1U5-187 Fremont st.
STANDARD oil rig. fully equipped, and 1500
feet of casing. US in. to 7S in.; also 1500
feet of 8 and 6 inch drive pip«. Apply for
particulars GAFFEY _ MAHON. 60S Cali-
fornia st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market at.
_ FOR SALE.
Ten-horse power engine and boiler in good
condition, price $100.
E. BISHOP,
466 Tenth St.. Oakland.
AA — CHICKS. 10c; large variety of thorough-
bred eggs at ha'.f price, $1 per 13. Ingleslde
Poultry Yards, 607 Mt. Vernon ave.. Ocean
View; car to steel bridge.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc.. bought sold/
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHT. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
reefs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to step all leaks in the one and preserve the
r.ew. 205 Front st.: tel Main 142S.
A — FINE suits, $7 50: dress pants. $2 50. Orig-
inal Misflt Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearny st.,
near Bush; open to 9 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
A — 50 BARRELS of bonded whisky for sale;
small or large lots. United Loan and Trust
Co.. 21 Stockton st.
FOR SALE — Good second -hand wharf plank,
$6 SO per M. LEROY BRUNDAGE. 2021
Seventeenth st.
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton st.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewe*y for sale on
pmall weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton St.,
upstairs.
ALTERATION sale — Best $2 50 hats. $1 60.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine; open to 9 p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's ehoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form shoes at (2 50; we pay express
charre*. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
SECOND-HAND sealskins, old gold and dia-
monds bought: send postal: will call. New
Municipal Loan Office. 6] 7 Washington st.
A BARGAIN; 7-lnch three-tone steam siren;
good as new. Box 2072, Call office.
$200 — CIGAR store; good business; call at my
factory. 229 Fifth nt.
FOR sale, cheap — Carpenter's and plumber's
tools, floor trucks and trades. 953 Howard st.
A 40-KEY National cash register. $00. Crock-
ery store. Fourth and Mission sts. .;
Desk sale this week only. 20 per cent off regu-
lar prices. Richardson Bros., 1816 Market st.
BEST whit* I»ad 7c per pound; to painters
less. BUTCHER. 741 Mlnslon st. __.
FOR sale — Elegant 60-Ilght electric bath cabl-
net reasonable. Electric Works, 227 Ellis st.
awnings. tenu.new.Bocond-band. SUN TENT
& AWNING CO.. 42 Spear St.; tel. John 04S(J.
TENTS for r«it or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT _ AWNING Co.. 35 Mkt.Tel.Bush 858.
PIGEONR— All the leading varieties: stamp for
I C. WILSON, office 229 Stevenson.
i BRIT ANN ICA Encyclopedia, latest edition, 31
j vol». KINQ'S. el McAllister St., nr. Market.
EDISON Phonograph Agency, Peter Baclgalupt,
moved to 766 Mission st. ¦ ¦- ..
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap; some
new; 16xlC. 318 Third St.; tel. Main 413. .
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER _ CO., 110 MontTy.
bargains in fine diamonds and watches':
easy payments. GARIN, 803 Hayward bldg.
B/ lF E f S na *4?* h r **1«era. new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1829 Market St.
SOME good second-hand gasoline englnaa, 1 to
12 n. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck _ Co., 122 Mkt.
B AfF^7 ? L e . W I i-^ n A« g *^S <I - han<1 ™E HER-
MANN SAFE CO., E07 Battery st.
MOVING pjctures. magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargain* Bnllard _ Breck, 131 Poatst.
1^^ E - B - BEcg
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches-
i s4J slies. J. E. DOAK. IS Fremont st.
_JIKLP^ WA i B---Cosi :^^
AT THE CAL~EMPLOYMENT AGENCT
14 Third *t. tir. Call bldg.: phone Bu*h 406.
State cf Nevada, chrap fare: refunflea.
United States Government work.
-'.'• teamsters. $C7 SO a xncnth.
15 laborers. $60 a month.
60 driliers, rockmrn. hammersmen. »T3 mo.
SAWMILL CREW.
2 earpesurs lumber co.. S. B. H-. *-0*_
Shingle Jointer see boss here. $43 found.
Hoard puiler. $"43 a month and *****-.
5 tail rdgcrmrn. $40 a month and ******
2 *«cond tr.n-.merttwn. $40 and beard.
1 oSTN-arer. *tu and board.
6 section ui*n. sawmill. $35 and board.
10 lumber pliers.' $35 and boarJ.
10 woodftnen. $35 to $eo arid beard.
S men frr rock quarry. (- - 5 d^ J -
£ woodchoTpers. pine, $1 25 cord.
10 laborer* h hours, near city $50.
4 bajrraJters. $1 50 a day and board.
«-ock p_in city hotel. $45 and fount
Walter t_r.e hotel, city. S2o a^d *<«*•.
_an to work en gasoline launch. $12 »e«k-
C'ook. few ir.en. ranch. S_i Mateo Co.. $20 Id.
CAL EMPLOYMENT AOENCY. 14 3d St.
_HpA( -IFlcTi-PLOTMENT AGENCY.
F. m. GUNN. C3S Commercial «..
PboM Main I10L 5 doors from Kearny.
Free fare— Here you are. Company work
to Sit—yes. Modesto. Callcnte. Huron, Topi-
co. Woodland. Wan-en, Delano and Ingomar.
Arizona. Arizona. Special Fare
To Florence. Arizona. Ship Dally.
Another Southern California. 14 65 Fara.
Railroad men. new work, $C0; take this.
Quarry, near city; 6 I_Ms.es. IOo fare, $60.
Nevada, ship to-£ay; teamsters, $2 and $2 23
day; free fare to this new work to build elec-
tric road, $S<>. free fare.
1O0 Ore-tics ; railroad; fr*« fare; all over Cali-
fornia: bc_-d themselves: $180 day.
• 5 good rar.ch ha_la. see boss bera; «eady
jpbs.
Owks. waiters, dishwashers. Hundreds cf
ciher Jobs. Call and sea us. ' ¦
AT HORD * SMITH- S.
93 Third st.; telephona Main M2L
r>l*hwa*her, boarding-house, good home,
rinail pay.
<~ook city boardirg-bouse. $45.
Teamsters, city. ?1 £0 and board.
J-Iorence. Ariz., cheap fare, laborers, teara-
Fters and rockir.en.
Southern Califorria. fare $4 C3. long Joa.
< "lark's railroad, teamsters. f2.
Coopers, slack work, tors here.
Flicker hand. ?4: cabinet - tr.aker. *3 S3.
laborers, fare 10c. $2. S hours,
nri'.icrt. Humboldt Co.. S2 iv» and $2 i3.
Nevada. tcam*ters a^d laborers. $--$- .— ¦¦
XJIUNDRYMAN. _ a4 wife aa cook, prlvata
faruily 45*0; fireman for sawmill. t2 f>0 day;
laborer about mill. $2 23 day: chopper. $<»
and board: tallyman nnl lurrber sorter. 5^0
tiu4 board: 2 crosscut sawyers, $40 an!
bo*r<J: Ironer. $13 week; 2 harness cleaners.
fTAt ind board: biackirnitb. $3 day; b_ck-
Etcttta's helper tCO ar.d board: machine- man
for tash and door factory; farmers, $30 and
four.d; rr.iJkers. $"0 asd found; 2 men about
p!a-e JUil> ar.J four.d; gardeners aad others,
J. y.CllOSKTT _ CO.. C2"« Sacramento st.
_— AMlJlUC^EMFLOYM-NTBrREAU. •
642 Ccrr.m^rcisl st.. near Kearny.
I!.rr.« Bush S£5. JOHN _ DRECHSLER.
h «v. ...-: ;•.-«. F""fT"f County by rail, $35 and
four.d: 10 b_iiy laborers, ecuth, new work,
!=r.g jcb. $45 an J Com—, f e« $1 : 30 teamsters,
laborer* asd trcckmen. fn?e fare, new rail-
road. 12: 10 farmers; aetcr.d cock. $45 and
found, city rertaurant; £0 boys, factories,
country.
RED CP.O£S~EMPLOYMENT AOE.VCT.
eOC Clayw st. PhT>e James 2476.
Ntvada. Government Work. Nevada.
Tunnelmen. Teamster*. Laborers.
1 c_-.-.age painter, ft 50 day.
SS r:r-"'.::ie men. $2 _> day.
V' Italian —borer 1 ?, you'll salt. $2 day.
5 makers. $30 to I.'IS month and found.
S crchard hands, $.W mosth and found.
' f»u- hands, $15 month and found.
ANT'IilTS OFFICE, £17 Stockton st.
Fkrn.er and wife, San "ateo Co cee party
h'-re. 11 a. m.. $50: farmhand, $50; iaucdry-
r»n. plain work, $30: assistant cook. club.
S-tt»: 'Trailer, private hospital. $25; yardman,
Fairp i !a^e. $_¦; milker and do chores, coun-
try *r-}i<x>l house. $23; butler, $10; yousg man
to run elevator. $25.
AN' experienced distributor, ocuntry hotel laun-
cry free fare $20 month, room, board and
¦ __. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 429 Buch «.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montfcmery. r. 12.
P*«>cd cook. $50; potwaeher. $30; 2 caxnp
•waiters. $30.
WANTED— Earber. Cm-class only, at 324H
Montgomery *t-
CARBEft war.ted FV.fiay. Saturday and Sun-
day. _3 Clay st-
A BARBER for Earartay and Sunflay. 52S
Broadway.
B>r.BER for evenings, Saturday and Sunday.
1050 Howard st.
WANTED — Young man tv^t over 21 for gro-
cery business. 1C01 Turk »t.
WANTED — All round machinist. Box 1*4,
Na^a. Cal.
WANTED — A good, steafiy shoemaker at rtore.
3004 ":«¦?; r. at.
BOY wanted to run erranda. Sunset Bazaar.
_ Third st.
6TEALY boy to learn carriage blacksmithing;
&!so one woodworker. _S Harrison st.
PORTER with experience wanted for the Gold-
en West Hotel. Call at 6 a. m.
TINSMITHS wanted; eteady Job for good
workmen. Apply 17 Drumm st.
WANTED — T5 able-bodied men as police. Ap-
ply rficm IS. Hobart building. 532 Market.
FOR re> — Three-chair barber shop; investigate
this; mart sell. 1202 FUlmore st.
BARBERS — 2-chaIr outfit; bargain: nothing
tor fjoA will. 1S>47 Broadway. Oakland.
Uj_.l— JJ Xllisjsj first-class carriage blick-
t rr^it* and three first-class body makers;
g.<ri wares and eteady employment to right
parties. Acply A. MEISTER _ SONS CO..
£.acm:r.er.to. Cal.
\v> NTEIj — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
fccririj lOt r.ew rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third tx. ; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
_EN and wemen wanted to learn the barber
trad*, free cf charge. Gillett College of
Barbers. C47 Ccirmercial rt.
1 ' V our roec'a chocs, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair: foct-form shoes at $2 00: we pay
express or n_ll charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid
WANTED— Experienced clc'.hing salesmen. Ap-
y'.y H. N. WOOD _ CO.. 740 Market st.
SrEAT-APPEAKCCa energetic man cf good
address. Apply 121 Geary St.. room C23.
WANTFD-^A Bm-clara •tlckerman. . Palo
Alto I'laning Co.. Palo Alto. Cal.
V' ANTED — Young iran fcr cellar wk. crock-
«-ry Mere; exper. H. O. Wlede. 4th&Mis«ion.
I— BOH debts collected; suits, attachments.
IjiW and AOJustirient Co.. 328 Mcntgy. r. 418.
A profitable outing: pick hops In Augujt. Write
K.CLE-EXS HOP.ST CO.. 122 Batteryst..S.F.
TGUXli man to >arn ha.rt»er trade: wages
while Warning. 741A Howard st.
CAILORS Br ,,5 your.g man (green hands) for
yfcitif. HALLBERT, 517 Jacknon St.
Teiwicn Atty.. E. A BuIM*. r.40. Pbelan bldg
r**t Con-.. Geo. H. Thomas Post. O. A. R.'
BAILORS and ordir.ary **smen fcr all parts of
the world at HERMAN-P_27 Steuirt rt
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third stTnear Mar-
ket— 700 rooms; S5c night: reading-rooms-
free bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISMENTS. *ub«CTij)ti&»«~~ received at
Call branch office.cor. Duncan and Cfcurch rta.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertireir.ents and subscriptions has been
otx-ned et 1<X)S Market St., cr-poslte Fifth
Opes until 11 p. m.
ALL rizes tr.en'a shoes, slightly dama*»d half
P~c-. 563 Mission SC. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your «hoe» half-soled while waiting- 2Se
tr> f/V. SC3 Mi*»lcn »t-. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
HORSCS AAD WAGOXS.
FOR sale — Gentleman's drivlr.g team;' bay;
15% hands high: have won numerous first
Irtzep !n the E»rt; are perfectly matched and
not afraid of cars or automobiles.
Also chestnut carriage team; 16 hands high- '
weight about 1200 lbs each; thece may be I
reen at the stable* of Dr. I. B. DsJziel, COS '
Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale — Pacing mare. $175: 7 years old. very
fast; gentle in every respect; safe for wo-
tnan to drive; will go double. For partlcu-
lam address box ft«0. Call.
TOITNG, gentle horse, about 1.100. well broke,
for sale. Grocery. Green and Larkin sts.
FOR sale — Hcrse. harness and docbie-aeated
roar. try buggy: $55. 1318 Grove st.
CAMP wtcoa for hlra. Apply 1421 Buchanan
etr*«t.
EECOND-HAND caisptng wagon. S40 Howard
street.
FOR sale^ — Two second-hand platform spring
wagons atd one truck. 233 Beale at.
KEW and second-hand wagons, all kinds, at
1C1S Market «... cpp. Franklin.
"WAGONETTES, eurreys. buggies, wagons, har-
ness, work and Crivir.g horses, l&ih •Valencia.
MOXEY TO LOAX — Continued.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co., OS Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market »t.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamond". Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewalry Store,
848 Market; tcl. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protect-
ed from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton; phone Bush 4S4.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chant*, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In
46 principal cities. Tolman, 5O.t Parrott bldg. I
THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 8tockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, Jew.
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per- month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 4S4.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal:
no commission: no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 20 Montgomery st.. rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth »t.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
. privacy; no commission installments accepted.
BONELLL 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311, Mutual 8av. Bk.
bid; Oakland office. 1103 H Brdwy.. suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant avs.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
MONEY to loan for building purpose* low
rate; private party. 234-235 Parrot bldg.,
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
' mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 638 Kearny.
MO.NKY TO LOAX — Continued.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. 8.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY loaned on a— aries, chattel mortgages.
Ufa insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building, 708 Market sL
1H PER cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFVING. 616 Hearst bid.. Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORELL. 00» Examiner building.
MISCE-LAXEOPS WASTS.
BIG prices raid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds, gents' full dress suits, etc.; send
postal card. LICHTKNSTEIN BROS., 23
Stockton st.
WANTED — To buy second -hand waffle- Irons
for tvn«.-on. Box 2070, Call office.
MORRIS gives highest prices fcr ladles' and
gents' castoff clothing; postal.' 913 Folsom.
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothlng7~Tel.
Davis 82ox €30 Sacramento st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
thaatrlcal goods. 164 Pth at.; tel. Jessie 2831.
DESKS - bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co., 7S2 Mission; phone Bush 467.
SHOES wanted; misfit A castoff: highest prcs.;
new and 2d-hand shoes for sal*. 749 Mission st.
UKK1C— » A.NU S>'fUit_* TO __T.
CHURCH, 1300 — Fina store; 5 rooms, bath,
gas; large yard; stabla; cheap.
FINISHED basement . with sidewalk elevator.
[ G7C-S Valencia it., nr. Sixteenth; reasonable
MOXEY TO LOAX.
aXa— HERMAK MURPHY~~ ~ *""
e01-602-C03 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; oo disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
e»u; assignments of rents; property in trust,
etc.-. legacies, life estates and undivided. In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
Sea HERMAN MURPHY. *
' MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
INTEREST 5ft AND « PER/CENT.
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount advanced on CITY, OAKLAND,
TOWN AND COUNTRY real estate.
Second mortgages, estates In probate, undi-
vided interests in real estate, property In
trust; loans closed promptly.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY. City AgenU
107-8-9-11 CROCKER BUILDING,
POST AND MARKET STREETS.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
let, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc
Box 490. Call office. V»i
LOWEST BANK RATE~ ~ ~
Any amount; first and second mortgages,
estates in probate, undivided Interest in
estates, assignments cf rents, etc., at lowest
rate of interest.
RIVERS BROS., 203 Montgomery st.
SALARY LOANS— . ~"~ ~~
Money loaned salaried people without seo— '.
Ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 433 Parrott bldg*
musi^lixstrumests.
a1_T'uprights~ > ~ "*""*
Neubert, new S2.V>. now $60.
Fischer, new $323. now $S3.
Hertz, new S300. now $87.
Russell, new $3SS, now $133.
Colby, new (_5, now (ISO.
2 Chicketings, new $430. now $100. f 133.
2 Stctnways. new (373. $750, now $183. $323.
Heine, new $375. now $333.
And 50 others; squares for next to nothing:
rents $2 up; Installments $4 up; old organs
or pianos taken in exchange; tuning $2. fin.
est workmanship. HEINE PIANO CO.. 233-
237 Geary st.; Oakland. 1232 Broadway.
AAAAA — FINE assortment of second-hand up-
rights from $40 up. Including such makes aa
Chlckerlns. Vose. Stelnway. Steck. Knabf,
Mathushek. Sterling, Curtax. Erard and
many others on easy payments. BEN'J.
CURTAZ _ BOH. 16 O'Farrell st.
A SENSATIONAL, fire — Storage pianos and
furniture will be removed to North Beach
and burned if not sold In a few days; this
means storage piano* and furniture almost
cheaper than lire wood, and must be re-
moved. Whltehead's Storage. 1C38 Market.
PIANOS for rent; $3 per month: the largest
and best stock in San Francisco j to select
from; pianos from $30 upward : our" line the
best, our prices the lowest. SCOTT CCRTAZ
PIANO CO.. 660-64 Hayes at.
FOR eal* — Fin* upright piano, on account ds-
partur*; used one year. Box 2068. Call.
WILL, sell fcr storage, fine Hazelton and Vose
, planog. STATHAM'8, 110 McAllister st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos Cectiian pia&o
player. BYRON MACZY. 3C8-312 Post at.
A BEAUTIFUL Stainway upright grand, aa
good as new; cheap. Hornung, 216 McAllister.
$163 — STEINWAY upright; prirate party; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
NEW upright pianos gold on $3 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ _ CO., 16 McAllister at.
8-PEDAL. Steinway up; Chlckering baby grand;
Rhoninger. Httla mi*d. KeenVs. 2S3 OTarrell.
£ persoxalst
attention! "~ ~-~~—
Se» the exhibition In window at tfnlon Drug
Co.. corner Sutter and Stockton iU., a living
face with wrinkles and bagslness removed
from ona side; contour and color of youth re-
stored. Treated two years ago by
M. E— LA HARRIS,
"SI O^Farrell st.. near Laricin.
LOST— MRS. JCLJA KIEL, aged 74, from 312
Eleycnth are., Richmond district: wearing
black dress, shawl and hat with bunch of
violets and black feather. Any one seeing
her please notify above address.
DR. ROWEL_'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 30c Manufactured solely
by F.OWELL _ BROWN. 32 Turk at.. S. F.
A NEW METHOL> — Your bust positively devel-
oped and enlarged by my method; magnetic
massage by appointed graduate, old school:
•trtctly confidential. MRS. HOLSHOLTSER.
G37 Bush st.. apt. 309; phone Front 87.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth.stops falling.curea dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses sca!p:at druggists', hairdressers': ac-
cept no substitute. Star RemedyCo.,13CS Polk.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily* cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 323 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
"VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness, drains, varicocele.
etc.; easily worn: $2 30 postpaid; physicians
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co.. 140 Geary, S.F.
A FINE suit to order on easy installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Market St..
between Seventh and Eighth.
AT less than cost; uncalled for cults, overcoats
and trousers at CHAIILES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 SO
down and *1 50-per week. T. BRILLIANT
FCRNITCRE CO.. 340 Post, near Powell.
PARISIAN DERMATOLOGY PARLOR" is
transferred to 327 Geary st., opp St. Fran-
cis Hotel.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.Dr.A-W.Trafers.1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress "pants $2 DO.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Actina restores lost eyesight: cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3324 19th. nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 3C9 Sut-
ter. r. COO. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, room 33.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN, A CO.,733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Us natural color: $1 at all druggi-its.
PALMISTRY.
A — MME LYMAN, scientific palmist, recently
from East. 4C0 Geary st. ; phone Green 39.
H. JEROME FOSELLL scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st., near Geary. Phone Black 361.
____—-
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st.
PHYSICIANS A>D Sl'RGEO X S^
DR. C. C O'DONNELL. — Office and residence.
1021% Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal disease* a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073^ Market st.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor:
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 113-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at CC7 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
'by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eas<-s cured by Chinese herbs. 748-3 Clay st.
" PROPOSALS.
PKOPOSALS — State Prison Supplies — Sealed
proposals will be received at the office of
the Clerk at the State Prison. San Qu-ntin.
until 10:30 a. m., SATURDAY. th« lsth day
of June. 1904. and at the office of the Clerk
of the State Prison at Folsom untU 9:30 a.
m.. SATURDAY, the 23th day of June.
l'j<A at which times and places they will
be opened In the presence of bidders, for
furnishing and delivering supplies for said
prisons, consisting of subsistence stores,
forage, fuel, fuel oil. furnishing power to
run the Jute mill and electrical appliances
for Jute mill at Ban Quentin. clothing, med-
icines, lime, cement and other staple sup-
plies, from July 1. 1904, to June 30. 1908. In-
clusive, on conditions as per printed sched-
ules which will be furnished upon applica-
tion at either of the above offices. No bid
will be considered unless made UDon said
schedules nor unless accompanied by th*
certified check therein required, nor from
¦ ny ether parties than bona fide dealers In.
the classes of articles to be furnished. Each
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check upon some well known and -re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent 'of the amount of his hid. payable to
the President of the Board, conditioned that
the bidder will enter into a contract upon
notice of acceptance, as required by law.
Bids for either prison must b« marked sep-
: arately. All payments made on contract will
be paid in cash or Controller's warrants.
Bidders will carefully follow the conditions
of the schedules. The Board reserves th«
right to reject any or all bids, as the public
Interest may require, and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified.
R. M. FITZGERALD. President. J. M.
OLIVER. Clark.
NOTICE to bidders— Sealed proposals will b*
received until June 21. 1904. at 7:30 o'clock
p. m.. by tha Council of the City of Eureka
for $3000 4Vi per cent Forest Park improve-
ment bonds; $100,000 4ft per cent City Hall
bonds; $13,000 4H Ptr cent fire apparatuj
purchase bonds, and $33,000 4H P«r caat
Mwer completion bonds, issued by the city
of Eureka under tha act of tha Legislature
of the State of . California of February St.
1001 (Statutrs 1901. page 27). They will b# la
• denomination as foUows: Forest Paxk Im-
provement bonds. $123: City Hall bonds.
$300; fire apparatus purchase bonds. $373.
and sewer completion bonds, $S73; said bonds
will be dated on 'or after July 1. 1904. Prin-
cipal and interest payable at tba office of
1 tha City Treasurer cf tha city or Eureka.
Interest payable semi-annually. oce-fortlatn
of principal payable annually, all in United
Etates gold coin. All bids must fca accompa-
nied by a certified check for 5 per cent of
the bid payable to the Mayor of tha city of
Eureka. State of California. Th* city of
Eureka contains a population of 11,000. as-
sessed valuation $3,800,000, with praaaat
bonded Indebtedness'- of $100,250. Incurred la
1902. J. P. WTJNDERLICH. City Clerk.
PROPOSALS for building materials — Offlcs
Depot Quartermaster. 88 New Montgomery
ft.. San Francisco, Cal.. June 10. 1904—
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, subject to
usual conditions, wi!l be received here until
11 o'clock a. m. (Pacific standard time),
June 20. 1904. and then opened, for furnish-
ing lumber, doors, sash, cement, etc. Pref-
erence will be given to articles of domeatie
production or manufacture, condition of price
and quality being equal (including in the
price of foreign production • the duty there-
on). The United States reserves right to
reject or accept any or all bids or any part
thereof.*.. Blank proposals and further in-
formation -furnished on application. En-
velopes containing proposals should be ln-
worsed "Proposals for Building Materials,
No. 4539" and addressed to MAJOR C A.
DEVOL, Q. M.. V. S. A.. Dapot Quarter-
master.
FREE TO WANT ADVERTISERS
....IN NE-XT SUNDAYS' CALL....
NEW AND USEFUL — — ':'
..THF PERFECT CAN -OPENER...
(THE~fcATEST AND BEST -ON THE MARKET.) Patent Applied For.
No More Gut Fingers
JO. 1OS JuL & O. Jr__.\JL& jl\&11-S
(CAN OPENED ON TOP.) (CAN OPEN EROM SIDE.)
'Mjmfiffi -WITH THE— ? I§jg®|
.ifcS&tfc?' T^fc t^ t_ T? T"7 .0 T* %_t^iihnnitfF
TL^^^aTUSv • I 1 I I \ A \. 1 - -0j
MSgE^I r* ART ADCMCD l^^^^
J^T\Z V_i1 XX 1 N V-X JL JL__ 1 J— I IX IMPOSSIBLE TO
CUTS pA T»N , . CUT YOURSELF
I '
Adjustable to Cut Any Site Can. Leaves No Jagged Edges.
Cuts Either Top or Side of Can. Simple to Operate. Cannot Break.
Requires No Sharpening. All Working Parts Made From Tempered Tool Steel.
'.....DIRECTIONS.....
TO OPEN CAN ON TOP. Force point of bar into center of top of unsealed or smooth end of can.
Bend over until the bar is parallel with the top of can. Set point of lower blade on top of can at whatever
distance from edge the opening is desired. Press down handle until blade penetrates the tin. Then pull
gently toward you, holding the can tightly in the other hand. (To get best result hold can by top).
TO OPEN CAN FROM SIDE. Remove label from can. Force point into exact center of top. Bend
orer until bar rests on edge of can. Set point of cutting blade against side of can. always at left of side
seam, with lever perpendicular. Press down on lever, which will force side blade into can. Hold can tiehtlv
by top with other hand and cut same as when cutting top. In cutting top off always let bottom of bar rest
and run evenly around edge of can to insure even, regular cut. If the side blade comes out while cutting, or
cuts in too far and stops, it is because you have not inserted point of bar in exact center of can. In this case
throw up lever, readjust blade and continue cutting until blade reaches opposite side of seam, when top can
be lifted or broken off altogether. Do not be afraid to grasp can firmly by the top.
THIS WAY. NOT THIS WAY
You cannot cut yourself.
>iijj&iiir\ TO OPEN S Q UARE CAN rv*~
f * I __/ Insert point of bar in each end of can and cut two half ______
Y circles like cut
* 'Wore OpcnJnj
SUPERIOR MFG. CO., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Retailers wishing to purchase the Perfect Can Opener can do so through the job-
bers throughout the United States.
This Premium will be given to Want Advertisers Thursday, Friday and until u
p. m. Saturday; after that hour offer will be closed. The premium can onlly be se-
cured by inserting a Want Ad. in next Sunday's CalL
Tell your WANTS in next Sunday's CALL and you will be speaking direct to
over 85,000 regular subscribers of that popular and valuable advertising medium. It is
safe to figure on an average of three readers to every Sunday CALL issued, so you
are really talking to 255,000 persons, most of whom are home people, consequently a
well-to-do and desirable class of our community to consider in locating your wants and
advertising your wares. .
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICK of The San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets;
open until 12 o'clock, every nljtht in the year.
1008 Market street, opposite Filth; open until 11 p.' m.
627 llontsofhery street, corner Clay; open until 3:30 p. ra. ,
300 Hayes street; open until 9:80 p. ra.
63 J "McAllister street; open urtil 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkin street; open until d:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; opon until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
Jill,, , 3 098 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m. — ¦ ,¦¦¦¦—
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open antil • p. m. .
2200 FUlmore street; open until 9 p. m.
OAKLAND OFFICE: '' - ;~
1016 Broadway .' : ;; v^__rVV- Tslephon* Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE: '
2148 Center Street Telephone North 77
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
Schneider's Book Store .Park Street' "No, sah," replie/d Sam, insinuating
ly. "I ain't tried dem on me, but I'm
sho* dem pants'll fit me good." — Ex
change. '
John Sharp Williams, the Missis
sippi wit, tells of a Southern friend
whose colored valet fell in love with
a pair of loud checked. trousers which
his master owned. By way of hasten
ing the day when they should be
turned over to him he threw some
grease on them. Then he reported
that he was unable , to ' remove the
spots. "Have - you tried everything.
Sam?" said his master.
"Yes, sah."
"Have you tried ammonia?"
Darky Diplomacy.
How Gates Viewed It.
When Wall street was excited recent
ly ever the reported settlement of the
Pennsylvania-Gould warfare, a report
er asked John W. Gates whether he
believed a settlement was likely.
"All I can say," said the Western
hustler, "is to tell you a story which
accurately describes bow I feel about
It. When I was In Saratoga two years
ago I heard of an English chap who
went driving one morning in an open
carriage. He had on his light white
Ceslra Slrr.i t.j flu Slml. lot on S line of
Filbert street. 100 E of Polk. E a by S 125
$1^00.
John and Elizabeth Rawllnson to Ida V.
White, lot on S line of Ix>mbard street. 105:9
W of Larkin, W 25 by S 137:C; $10.
Calvin E. and Jan>t Knickerbocker, John
G. und Margaret Barker to Hshlow Estate
Company, lot on NW corner of Buth street and
Van Ness nvetiuo. W 10O by .'J 00; $10
Olols ai;<i Mary OetU to Diedrlch J. Stelmko
jot on S line of Union street, &S K of Octavia'
E 50 by B 110; $10. '
Calvin K. and Janet Knickerbocker and John
G. and Margaret Uarker to John L and L
G. Siller, lot on S line of Fell street, 150 XV
of Fillmore, XV 25 by S 137:ti: $10.
Same to Jacob W; .Stern, lot on S line of
Fell street. 175 W of Fillmore. XV 50 by S
137:6; $10. *,
Guy T. and Stella H. Wayman to John L.
and L. G. Siller, lot on S line of Fell street
1ZZ \V of Fil'.more. W 2& by S 137:fi; $10
Mary G. Folger to Carlotta L. MurM ' lot
on N line of Union street. 100 \V of Devlsadero
W 37:0 by Ni 1 137:0; $lo. *
Hibemfa Savinss and Loan Society to
Theresa M. Urooks. lot on N line of Seven
teenth i-.treet, 100 \V of- Dolores. W 50 by N*
100; $10. • ¦
Theresa M. Brooks to L. B. Pexramost
same; $10. • . '
Same to same, lot on N line of Seventeenth
street, 160 W of Dolores, XV 1:3» 8 by N 100:3;
liibemia Savings and Loan Society to Leo
r»ld Wetnsttln, lot on W line of Noe street.
M S of Twenty-first, S 50 by XV SO; $1250.
( Grace M. Crim to Alice M. Pistolesl (wife
or C Jl.) and Mary J. Murta. lot on W line
of Yoik street. H3 N of Twenty-first. N "5
by \V 1W): ?1O.
IIlb«rnla Savlngrs and / Loan Society to John
A. and Mary F. WattH, lot on E line of Noe
ftrect. 2«:«> N of Thirtieth, N 50 by E 100
$S(i0.
Edward Deleanl io Alplna Ghio. . lot on N
line of Chestnut street, 140 W of Dupont W
<0 by N 122:6; clft.
Kstate of Jacob Schoenfeld (insane) (by
Archibald Barnard, guardian) to Miranda E.
Mills, lot on S line of gutter street 25 W of
Dur<ont. W 33 by S 75; $1550.
Edward Deleani to Alpina Ghio, lot on N
line of Washington street, 137:6 W of Powell
W 42:6 by N 137 :«; gift.
Eva Topper -to Christian L. Thumler, lot on
S line of Washington street, 77:6 W of Powell
being SW corner of Codman place and Wash
ington street. W 20 by S 57:6; $10.,
Malvina L. and Clara M. Wilson to George
C, Hthry and Suzanne Alferitz. lot on S Une
of Filbert street, 37:6 E of Leavcnworth. E 25
by S «7:6; $10. »
Bchlow Estate Company (a corporation) to
Calvin E. Knickerbocker and John O.' Barker,
lot on B corner of Second and Natoma streets'
SE 47 by NE 75; $46,000. «
Same to same, lot on W corner of Howard
and Second streets. SW 80 by N.W 29:3; $36
000. r *
Patrick Neary to Annie Neary (wife), lot on
NW line of Clary street, 200 SW of Fourth
SW 25 by NW 80; (rift.
Patrick and Annie Neary to Agnes A. Neary,
undivided half of same; rift.
Harriet Walker to Theodore Robertson, lot
on SE line of Clara street, 312:6 NE of Fifth
NE 37:6 by SE 78; $10.
John and Anna, L. Duffy to Isidor Llpmaq,
THURSDAY. JUNE 0.
REAL KSTATE TKAXSACTIONS.
Lonpest Stone Arch.
\ Up to a year ago the Cabin John
aqueduct bridge, near this city, was the
longest clear span masonry bridge in
the world, with a length of arch of 220
feet, but since ' then two German
bridges have been built which surpass
it In length. The first one was built
at Luxemburg, Germany, over the riv
er Petrusse, and its arch span sur
passes that of the Cabin John span by
55}£ feet, j This summer a bridge at
Plauen, Saxony, will >be completed
which has the remarkable span of 293.2
feet, thus taking rank as the largest
clear span masonry bridge in the world,
a title which the Cabin John bridge
held for many years.— Washington Star.
togs and looked very swell. When he
grot out ln the country several miles It
started to rain. The Englishman did
not know whether to go on or turn
back. He saw a countryman plodding
alonjj in the distance, so he drove up
to him.
" 'Now my man.' said the Britisher,
'can you tell me if it is likely to stop
raining?' The countryman paused a
moment, surveyed the outfit ln silence,
and replied: %
" 'Wa-al, it always has.'
" 'Now," said Mr. Gates, "that is
what I'll say to you." — New York Com
mercial.
lot on SE line of Minna street. 100 SW of Sev
enth, also 100 SE of Mlsaicn, SW 25 by SE 80;
$10.
Henrietta M. Birth to John W. and Wilhel
mlna Erkkson,. lot on E ;ine of Wisconsin
street 100 N of Twenty-nfth, N 25 by E 100;
$10.
Oscar Heynun to William Little, lot on E
line of Twenty-second avenue, 325 N of Point
Lolwio N 25 by K 120; $10.
California Safe Deposit and Trust Company
to William J. Gunn. lot on W line of Twenty
e'v.-oml av-.-nue, 225 S of Point Loboa, S 50 by
W 120; grnnt.
Allen K. ami Mamie M. Pelton and Thomas
J. McDormott to Petet J. Walsh, lot on S
line of II s.tre-t. 32 :ti W of Fourth avenue, W
00 hy S 05; $10.
Solomon an.i I>cra Getz to Artie W. Good
hue, lot on E lino of Thirty-sixth avenue. 275
5 of J street, S 23 by E 110; $10.
Selden Wilson to Bes.sl«- -A. Horton. lot on
E line of London uticet, 220 S of Persia ave
nue, H 2.">. N £0, \V 100, block 11. Excelsior
Homestead: ?10.
Roxannah A. B. Joyce to Margaret Cava
nai:gh or Margie Joyce, lot on E .line of San
Jose street 82:8.' 8 of Naglee. S 01:8, E 110,
N 25:10 W 25, N 20:10. W 104:6; gift.
Juliut'c n»-is to John G. end Sarah E. Ilult.
lots 12 and 13. block 43. Hels Tract; grant.
Same to George II. Woods, lots 15 and 16,
bin.-* 20, Helss Tract; grant.
Protestant Episcopal Old Ladles" Home to
John and Mary Llnd. lots 101)3 to 160G, gift
map 3; $10.
Iliiilders' Contracts.
* Theodore Klein (owner) with G. FIndlay
(contractor and architect) — All work for a
story and a half frame cottage on E line of
Thlrty-flftli av.-nue, 15<) N of Point Loboe ave
nue, N 20 by E 120; $171?.
Robert. W. Mackle (owner) with Richard
Rechcnbach (contractor), plans by owner— All
work except painting, plumbing and tinting
for a two-atcrv frame building and basement
on N line Rk-hland avenue. 203:7 E of Holly
street. E 25 by N ICO: $2170.
Laura M. Kienan (owner) with Frank Me-
Sheeny (contractor), architect— All work
for a frame building (four flats) on S line
of Freclta avenue, at intersection with E line
of lot 111. Preclta VkUey lands, W 25 by S
123: $01102.
William C. and Hose Ppiegel (owners) with
G*org« Peterson <<-on».cctor), architect J. K.
Dunn.— -All work except painting and sidewalk
for a three-story and basement riame build
ing on E lire, of Walter street. .218. N of Four
teenth. N 25 by E 120; $5125.
. Isaac U. Owens (owner) with C. Chisholm
6 Son (contractors), architect William Corlett
— All work for alterations and additions to a
frame residence on lot on NE corner of Pacific
avenue ar.d fc't«-!ner street. 127 :8H on Steiner
by es:i>. 24»0 Pacific: $13,100. " /
Gtorge W. and ' Reuben C. Hass (owners)
with Otis Elevator Company (contractors),
architect William Curlett — Installing one elec
tric frelRht elevator complete for a three-story
and basement brick building on lot on W cor
ner Mint iivenue and Jessie street. SW 22:6
by N\V 155 to Btevenfon street; $1600.
F. J. Meyers (owner) with Junius Branch
(contractor), plans by owner — All work for a
three-story building (three flats) on lot on W
line of Guerrero street, 90 S of Twenty-third,
27 by 116: $7200. ''
Spencer C. and Samuel G. Buckbee (owners)
with C. A. Ingerson (contractor), architects
Henry H. Mevers and Clarence R. Ward — Ex
cavating, brick, concrete, cementing, carpenter
and mill work, stairs glass, glazing, hard
ware, tin and galvanized iron work roofing.
Iron work, lathing and plastering, marble and
tile work for a three-story and attic frame
building (fiats) on SK corner of Jones atr?et
and fcteveloe place. E S7:<! hy S 50; $17,885.
Same owner* with J. Lool'^y (contractor),
architects Eame — Plumhlng. pasfltting. stand- [
pipe drains, etc.. for same, on same; $3450.
Same owners with Gus V. Daniels (con- i
tractor), architects same — Painting, staining, |
varnishing, graining, whitewashing, tlnttng,
etc., for same, on same;- $14::C.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 10; 1904.
14
, REAL ESTATE — Con»try — **«>»• 8 * 1 * > .
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
AI vfne, I frt.: "sorted barons; monthly cata-
logue* sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. «*3
Market it. -
EOUTHERX Oregon Irrigated 1 Un , 4> '.*'^
ROOMS FOR HOISEKEEPWC
A~ PN AP^3~ partly f urn. housekeeptnc r°° m »:
t $15 mo. ; sunny. The Virginia. 1005 Powell «t
GE^RT. 907 -Nice front mem for housekeep-
!n»;; also r'.nglc room: new.
Jrssili S33— Sunny front room; gas range,
»lnk. furnlfhed housekpg. closet, jo week.
JONES 507 June. OFarrell— For light hoose-
ketpt&C. 5 ircity yunry rooms: also elngie.
ICNK-KFRBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
Sunny furnished 3-rocm suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted: free baths: rate $30 up.
1>ARKIN 10f»7 rorrer Post. The Cragburn—
i?UDny 'furnished roome. single or en suite;
houfc*k~.plng apartmrr.ts a specialty; b*th«;
reduced rate? for summer; Larkin and Sut-
t«r-»t care pass house.
MISSION Wttl* — Large *unny front room for
linusokeeplng : stove, running water.
NOE. CJ4 • furnished iwim for housekeeping;
large yard; $22 50.
OAK, 10 2 rooms complete for housekeeping:
u*» of piano^
knoOND — Nice furnished room and
kitchen'; middle flat: cas and coal sto\-c.
TAYLOR, UTI Utill housekeeping rooms and
xlncle roonw for two gentlemen.
APABTMCTT HOUSES.
6T 118 Fell.above Van Ness ave.— Th«
acme of perfection In modem, elegantly fur-
r lined 3-room apartments, with private baths,
ntcam heat, electric light. elevator, gas ranges;
130. $33. fS7. $40. $45. $47 SO. $50. $55.
eT LOUIS. 1575 Jacknon et.— Modern 3-4-9
roony; fui-n. or unfura.; refs. Tel. East 1350.
APARTMENT of ~3 rocms wanted, furnished
complete for hourekeeplng. Bex 553, Call.
i-l.OOM jpartment wanted with all modern
conveniences: state rates. Bo*. 179. Call.
Ikkims TO LET— Pan. snd Cnfafa. ;
cZT" TUB ST. KAHTRYN.
N E COH. ELLIS AND LEAVENWORTH.
BO'NIEBT ROOM!? IN OITT;
nt;\v HOUSE: first class;
.:: st PURKISHED: hair mat-
Vi:l>>).S IN EVERY ROOM: HOT
AND «X)LU WATER # BATHS;
STEAM HEAT. ELKVA'f. »R SKR-
VI. 'E: EVERY MOICBS CON-
\ENIENX-E; ROOMS $3 PER
WEEK l -"r'-_ 1
A- -BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st. — Rooms
" CSc t,- $1 t»r nislit. *1 25 to $5 per week and '
il£ht lviuselftp'.r-g rcornt: rpen all night.
AT ¦Tl.e Alm.vnl<»." ST3 Market St. (or No. 1
KiUli **.»— Boomc "&•-. &0c. >I. $1M night;
*1 W I.' $10 nftk; hr-.-.r* open nil night.
ETR.NKTT. 14-*C Mark-t <olJ No. 1364)— Fur-
nlrbed rooms, suite, single; al»o unfurnished.
CUFKOHU. W4 E'.lis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
:uixifh'-d sunny rooms:, pric s reasonable.
EIOiITTI. 4!» — Two nicHy fumlsbe'l rooms, sult-
•'blt 1'V man and wife or two gent*.
ELEVENTH, 21 — Elegant rooms, single or en
suite; furnished or unfurnished; reference*.
Fl L.TON. 7, opposite City Hall — Two doubi*
rooms: $11 and $14: to men only.
OTt A NO Southern. "!h an<2 Mission — Rooms .T5c
to $i 25 night: fl 50 to >0 v-k.: rfadlng-room.
HOTEL DCrFEKIJC, 74r» EIIik— Elegantly fur-
nlf=lir<l saitci» and siT^gle rooms.
JONES. - ¥ -7 .Van Winkle) — Furnished sunny
rnis.; ruit" cr single; g»nrs preferred: $2 up.
laABKIJf. «'. — Large rocms, light and sunny,
$\i per month.
MISSION. 1022 — Nl<-e!y furnished front room;
!v-ht houf^lieoplnK: also single rocm.
JiT^SIUN. 10.'^> — Rooms suitable fcr two gea-
:!»>m»>ii; nicely fumifhed.
N')K. r>T7--Larg" sunr v v room in quicl family:
nm vtewj re»s<-nabl»-. * 1
O KAHRELL. 332— Nicely furnished parlors; J
»unny suite or single: lipht h^kpg. If dPsire^J. 1
OFAr.];i:U-. 3S— Kle«|r furnished front room
for t»o gentlemen: bath and phone.
OFAnnKl.L, 437 — Suite of housekeeping
room*. (14: al»o otlwr sunny rooms.
OTAP.KELL, 610— Nicety furnished sunny
ro'-'ms *n good neighborhood. j
POPT. 207 — Newly furnished rooms for gentle-
men; '•a::.: references.
i'O.?T. ss». n-ar Hyde— Large fumtshed front
roam: bath: »^.«: f-ir 1 ur 2 g«r.ts.
l'OHIXL. K«;r. »Th(? Virginia)— A s:;ap; e'.e-
cant frost suite, partly furnished; marine
view: runnier wtter.
POWELL, ifx;:;— I^arpe front furnished room;
£*s. hot uater: r*nt $S; Spanish family.
CHANT »ve.. ZZ — Nlctly fumishtd rooms. Tin-
gle or en suite; icy. \v«-k, month: reasonable.
noYAL Mouse. 12« EIUs— Incandescent lights. .
uefltlMt liwiii. emcking-rcom an.1 ladlus' par-
lor: roosap t-»r nlrht. :^ic le $1 M: week. $2
;.. $X; month. $k tD $.10; elevator 0:1 grounj
t'.ocr: locmui srltfa hot and cold water; baths.
ECTTER. K"ft>— H«auiifully furri5h»-d rooms
:t-rffio pt month: also furnished apartments !
;,,r do'-icrc' clli'--es.
TAVLOn. MM? — Handsome sunny room, fult- 1
anl<~ for 2. ?K"; a'.so front rocm. piano. $15. j ¦
Tl!:: PAUXOITTnj :«,4'.*A Market st.— c-tunny
r<-cn-!»: bot and colii water: elerstor: J- to f".
fNITED STATES. 12-T Ed.1y. rrar Slarket — 100
room* ::5c t.- $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; ele^- j
tno lights <iio part, running rratrr ln every •
room: elevator r^ad.-room; free bus; baggage, j
¦AIXCHESTER Hotrl. 44 Sd «».. near Marltet—
Moat <t nvnient and recp^ftable; 70<» room*: j
3.V tc Jl ."»« rlpht: $2 to $S week; e!evatr-r;
fle<?. I ¦, i,ts: reecing-rfom; free bus; baggage. I
Wn^F Hcuse. 202 Sixth ft. — Rooms from I5c
10 $1 r*r night and from POc to $5 per w»rk.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received nt
<ail branch offlc. enr. Duncan & Church st*. !
A BBAKCH Oifice of The Call for the reception
of advortii^mentf «rd sub5rr:ptlons has t>e<>n
opened et l'<f»s Market Ft., opposite Fifth.
? ?rf" until II p, n. ¦
Kui-US AM* IIHU11).
PCKAIiY. KK33— Neatly furnlFhed rooms, with
board; reasonable; home cooking; phone
Butter 1624.
FOURTEENTH. M— Sunny front room. 1 or 2.
hooe mnvm.: rca«.; with cr without board! |
GEART. DOT, H«td It Aiglon— Family rooms
and board; «ntlrely renovated; reas. prlcea.
HOWARD. 841A— First-class board and roomT
*!rgl« or doubie. $S-$6 wl.. : American family.
_JROOBIS AXD BOARD WAXTKD.
EINOLE room and board wantt-d In a first- |
Hacp hotel or boarding -hou««e. Box IPS. Call.
STOnAOIJ AXD WARKIIOL'SES.
A— GIIJiERT & 6TOLL Storage Co.; storage]
packing Khipiiing warehouse. Ci. G and Viui
N«s: office 1170 Mark. t. r. 43; tel. South 750.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household goods Mered movt-d. ebipped, 725-
7ol Howard ft., rr. Third; phone Grant 161.
J'lEIXIMlODOU'H Storage & Moving Co.. cf -
flee I'ost and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage— Furniture 'and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate «v«.; phone Eiist 12rt-
CrOUJEN West islorage: advances mad* K40
Mission et.; tcl. Howard »41. F. W. Zchfuta.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
yti:y. 2Ti2() Fillmore i<t.; phone Jarkt>on 2SI.
EEKINS Van and Htcrage Co.. 11 Montgomery
«t.: tel. Main IS4O. Shipping at cut rates.
¦C1WIC MACIII>KS A\I> SI'I'PLIBsI
White is King" of all sowing machines. We
arc closing out a lot of new machines that
are flijljtly shop worn at V, and 1-3 regular
rriotj,. San Francibto offices, 300 Post ct I
1M1 Fillmore et. snd 708 Valencia st.
r>OMKSTIC— The machine for family use; best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price: ail kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1(j21 Market st.. near Sixth. |
JTEW HOME: — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines; tlightly used; $10. $15. $20: second-
hand. S3. $5. $8: all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1001 Market st.
DIVIDKXD AOTICEsI ~
BAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Bulld^
ir.p Society 6tb floor. Mutual Savings Bank ,
bulldlnr. 708 Market st., opposite Third—
For the half year ending 31>t cf December,
VAft. a dividend bas been declared at th«
rate per annum of <12) twelve per cent on
capital 6tock and participating certificates,
1t*r. of taxes payable on and after 8ATUR- i
DAT. January 2. J904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD, Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
paoy. Con.: A dividend. No. Cfi. of fifty
rents (50c> per share on the Issued capita]
ctoek of the company bas been declared, pay.
able at the office of the company, rooms 262,
£04 and 206. Hayward building. San Fran-
cisco on June 10. 1904. Transfer books clos.
June 3. ISO*, at noon. C. C QUINN; Sec'tary.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO
LESSEE
m FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFI3
RAIL WAT COMPACT.
Tlburon Ferry, root of Marktt Street.
SAB" PEAHCISCO TO SAH BATAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. -«: 00. J»:00. 11:00 a. m.:
12:35. 2:»0, 3:40, 5:10, 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7 :30. 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30, 3:40, 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAH RAFAEL TO SAN FK AH CIS CO.
WEEK, DAYS— «:Ofl. 6:50 7:35 7:50, 9:C0
H:lVa. m.» 12:50. t2:0O. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20.
*6:2R p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45
p. m.
SITXDATS— 6:50. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. ra.; 1:45.
3:40. 4:50, 5:00. 6:20. 6:25, 7:50 p. m. tEx-
c»pt Saturdays.
Leave j In Effect | Arrive
San Fran. j May 1. 19O4. | San Fran.
"Week l" Sun^~ | Dentlna- |~Sun- (Week
Days. I days. [ tion. | days. } Days.
7:."»0a| 8:C(>a - 8:40<a( 8:4Oa>!
R:0Oaj 9:30 a Irnaclo. 10:20 all0:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 pi 6:20 p
5:10p 6:10p ' S : 2° p 7:25 Pi
7:30 a 7:30 a 7 :45 a 'lllfi. '
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20a 10:20a
2:30 p 0:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p:
5:10 p Santa Roaa. 8:45 p
*7:30a| 7:30a| 10:20 a 110:20 a !
8:00 a 8^0O a| Fulton. 7:25 pi «:2Op!
2:30 p| 2:30 pi 8:45 p| 7:25 pj
I Windsor,
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburgr. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:00 p 2:30 p Geyservlll-. 7:25 p 7:25 p
Cloverdale. j |
¦ 7:30a| 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 allO:2O-a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Ukiah ; I 7:25 p| 7:25 p j
I I Willits. I |~ •
¦-.7:30 aj 7:30 a| Sherwood. | 7:25 p[ 7:25 p )
"s:(10h| 8:0Oal~Guem*vllleand 110:20 all0:20 a i
2:30 p| 2:30 pj Camp Vacation. | 8:15 p| 6:20 p I
"8:00a! 8:00at 18:4Oa|8:40a
5:10 p| !>:3Oa| Sonoma, I «:0O p| 6:20 p
I 5:10 p| Glen KJlen. | 8:45 p|
~VT30a| 7:3Oa| 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 pi 2:30 pj Sebastopol. | 7:25 pj 6:20 p l
~STAOES connect at Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Sprlns» and Mark West Springs; at '
Fulton for Burke's Sanitarium: at Lytton for
Lytton Spring : at Geyservllle for Skagxs
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boone-
vlll» and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Keiaeyville. Carls-
bad Springs^ Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; ax Uklah.for Vichy Springs Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper .Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley
John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's, Bucknell'a
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot
Springs. Ha! f way House. Comptche Camn
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg 1
Wfcstport, Usal: at Wllllta for Fort Bragg'
Wnetport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo Layton-
Mlle.- Cummins Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsens,
Dyer, Garberville. Pepperwood. Scotia and Eu-
reka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 630 Market street. Chronicle
building. . ..
JAS. UFRAZ1ER. It. x. RYAN.
Oen. Manager. Gen. Pass. AgU
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on August
30, 1904, nnd all renders of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
Tail to place their order im-
mediately.
This splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of 50
cents per copy. Out of town
orders 25 cents additional to
cover prepayment of trans port a-
tion charges.
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE AUGUST
30. 1901.
SPECIAL. MOTICKg.^
ELIZABETH GREEN, wlflaw of JAMES 8.
GREEN, of Nevada County, is the owner of
the Kehoo ranch on the San Pablo ranch, in
Cotjtra Costa County, and all persons are
warned that they cannot receive a title to
¦aid property and that I will defend my
title to the same. The Contra Costa water-
works are trespasser* and have no leiral
rig-ht or title whatever to said property.
ELIZABETH GREEN.
L. CAMINO & CO. Italian ana French Soap
Factory 1051 Montgomery St.. will hereafter
be known as the Alexander Cr&viotto & Co..
en and after June 8. 1904. Alexander Cravi-
otto A Co. having; purchased all the interest
qf said L. Camino & Co.
SPECIALISTS. .,.-^ n
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES to EARS
positively cured; new methods: 1 peek's treat-
ment free. Dr. CottlPfham. 3)4 Sutt-jit^
e U l"l tJH \^_^^t^JJ^^^^
AT Melbourne Institute. Van Ness A Market.
is taught celebrated Melbourne system; only
MeJbcurre in U. ?•: private: established S
years in S. F. Tel. Mint 2«?6 from 1 to 5 p.m.
T VMS WRITER* 1 AKPTWPPPM *»-V^
AN* exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier. |25: other typewrite rs at
higher and lower prices; renta. s 92 50. The
Typewriting Exchangj.^T^aJIfornlajBt^^
A~FE^\'^ood tvpewriters at 530 each; get par-
ticulars of Ufc M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mcnt-
gomen" «t.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Ingpec. Co.. 606 MarKer,
3IARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following maniaf" licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Anton Bergk. 29. 4222 Eighteenth street, and
Anita Glnsg. 25, San Luis Obispo.
Robert B Rothschild. 21. 340 Geary street,
and Llllle Helblng. 21. 2303 Van Ness avenue.
Walter C. Mauritaon, 27, 566 Geary street,
and Dorothy H. Vogt. 23, 417 Van Ness avenue.
Emil Kahn. 21. 1426 Geary strfet, and Har-
ri't Mendelson, 18. 1340 Kell street.
Dumont C. Powell. 39. Hanford. and Mary
I. Roork, 33, Visalia.
James Stewart, 25. 631 Vermont street, and
Grace Symon. 23. 120 Mississippi «*reet.
Luigl Favilla, CO, 1519 Stockton street, and
Julia Garino 56. 1813 Dupont street.
Frank Ay Hull. 37, Chicajto, and Katharine
S. Grass. .?,. Chloaeo.
Frederick O. Blermann. 24. ISli Powell
street and Isabella H. Herold. 24, 1805 Larkin.
-Louis Peratso. 23. Colma, and Celestlna.
Chlossa, 22. Colma.
Lvnne T. Gillett. 23. 62S Valencia street, and
Kate D Henry. 2ti. 3150 Twenty-fourth street.
John Te Brake. 41. S4 Turk street, and Eliz-
abrth Gordon. 41. S4 Turk street.
John L. Karper. 84. 928A Greenwich street,
and Carrie M. Shade. 21. hO3 Lombard street.
Carlo Calegari, 35. 33'., Oak wood street, and
Carlotta Rlvara, 32. 1018 Montgomery street.
W. Francis Willis. 83. Trinity Center, and
Charlotte J. Douelase, 24, Palo Alto.
Symington Wilson. 35 San Jc*>e. and Mary
McHugh. 24. t59 Elils street.
Lou J. Wagner. 21. Portland. Ore., ana
Dora E. Lippman, IS. 641 Turk street.
Vllhelm Hansen. 38, 2714 Harrison street,
and Marie Hennlngsen. 34. 847 Steiner street.
Harry J. Rubley. 26, Cazadero, and Kate
Dillon. IP, 2.%2« Fulton street.
Samuel E O'Toole. 38. 166 Clinton Park.
and Mabel B. Eastman, 24. city.
George J. Lorent. 22. 1219 Nineteenth ave-
1 nue South and Marie E. Munk, 20, 701 Battery
street. .
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marrlace and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either cf the cubllcatlon offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
F on< authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published ence in this column
fire of charge.
BORX.
BOLLINGER— In this city. May 6, 1904, to the
wife of F. F. Bollir.cer. a eon.
HARRIS— In this city, June 7. 1904, to the
wife of Lcuis Harris, a son.
MONTGOMERY— I;i this ciu. to the wife of
C. W. Montgomery (nee Knobloch). twin
son*.
ROl'HKE— In thi* city. June 9. 1904, to the
wife of Jot-eph Rourke, a scti.
MARRIED.
CROZIER— HYDE— In Oakland, June- 6. 1904,
at the First 21. E. Church, by the Rev. I.
N Hailiday, Herbert W. Crozier of Loa
Angeles and Elizabeth Hyde of San Fran-
cisco. /
GLASSON— STODDARD— In this city. June S,
lfO4, by the R*v. William C. Pond. William
<*. G'a*»on and Hazel S. Stoddard, both of
thi» city.
REGENSBURGER— SATTERWHITE— In this-
city. June S. 1004. by- Judge John Hunt.
Krneet O. Re«ensburxer and Clara Btlle
Satterwhlte.
DIED.
Anthes, Louise Moore. Daniel TV.
Baker. Stewart A. Moran. Mrs. Rose
Bratovich. Paulina Nelson, Martin
Brown, Gussie 0'Conn«!l. Chas. J.
Bryan, William E. Rayner. Greta E.
in- Guerre. Chas W. Hich. Mary G.
JJunn. Mary K!n>ren. Anna M.
Erwin, Annie lichnater. John
Gordon, Mo! He Smith. Frank M.
Harri* (infant) r-pellman. Michael
Illingworth. iiobert Stapleton. William
Kalfer. Iirnat M. Sullivan, Jeremiah
Lyons. Thomas J. Thimsun, Ai:nle
McCarthy, J*r<?rnlah Tiioi ne. Stephen w.
McCarthy. Peter Wild, Capt. Fred. S.
ANTHES — Entered Into rest, in this city.
Jur.» 8, 1004. Louise, beloved wife of Peter
Anthea. and devoted mother of Mrs. E.
Mrs. A. J. Hauber*. Mrs. George
Volz and Lena. Julia. Peter Jr.. Emmie and
Hubert A. Anthe«. a natlie of New York
City. ac;<i tS years :: months and S day*.
trrservlces will be hfld to-day (Fri-
day). June 10. at 10:30 o'clock, at her late
r'fi'Unce. SJ2 " O'Kanell Ktnet. between
L*rkin and Pclk. Inttrir.cnt private. Kir.dly
cmit flowers.
BAKER— In Osikland. June 3. 1804, at 12G3
T^enty-secomi avenue. Stewart Auirusta
Uaktr. belovpii E<>n of Mr. and Mrs. E. 1".
jlaker, a native of California, aged 16 years
5 months and -4 <iays.
BRATOVJCH— In this city. June 8, 19W,
Paulina Bratovich. beloved wife cf B.
Uratuvlch. a native of Switzerland, aKtd 'M
years.
BROV.7C- In this city. June 9. 1P04, Gu^*le,
h' loved daughter of Captain John and Mary
Brown, a. native of San Kraticiscc, aged 15
years 5 months and 2! tiayc
BUYAX— In thin tltv, June «. 1904. William
K. Bryan, a native of Sacramento, aged 43
; • ars 3 months and 4 days. (Sacramento
l»ai«rs please copy.)
CT" Remains at th« funeral rarlors of
Jamrs UeOlna & Co., 211 K-!dy street.
DK GUERRE— In this tlty, June's. 1901,
Charles W.. beloved husband of Jennie de
Guerre. anO lathT of Georgq Wllwon ile
GuerTe, b native of tian Francisco, , aced 24
3«ais 10 month* and 29 uay>.
C^TThe fumral services v HI 1)« held to-
• morrow (Saturday), at 10:50 o'clock, at his
late residence. 1T-K> Missouri street, corner of
UtKnteenth. Interment private, at Cypress
i.a»n CepeterT.
Dl'.N'N— In this city. June 9, 1901, Mary, be-
loved wife of the late Jcha Dunn, and loving
mother of Philip J., John J. and f'harjes A.
Punn. Mm. L. C. Reckwith. Mrs. J. A.
Murphy and the lat • Jam<?b A. Dunn, a na-
tive of Formoy. County Cork, Ireland, aged
lit years !• months and 24 days.
ICTFTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• .Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McFadden, McBrcarty & Green. 1171
Misrlcn street, thence to St. Joseph's Cnjrt-h
fcr services at 11 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
ERWIN — In this rlty, June 0, 1004, Aruile,
df-arly beloved wife of Andrew L. Erwin,
and winter of Joseph tschwartz. a native of
New York, a?cd 47 years 10 months and 13
dcya.
GORDON— In this city. June 9, 1904, Mollie.
beloved dauchter of Samuel and the late
Anna Gordon, and sisW of Helen Estella and
Louis J. Gordon, a native of tjan Francisco,
. aged 21 years.
HARRIS— In this city, June 7, 1904, infant
n>n •>( Mr. and Mrs. LouIk Harris.
ILLINGWORTH— ln this city, June 0. 1004
ltobert W.. beloved husband of Alice G.
Illingworth. and father of Lydla, Marion,
Herbert, Thorna* and Ross Illingworth, a
native of Yorkshire. England, aged 43 yearit
and :; months. (Duluth, Minn., papers please
copy.)
E7Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Friday), at 1 o'clock, at his late
residence, 2012 Union street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
KAISER— In this city. June 8, 1904. Ernst
Max, beloved husband of A. Elizabeth
Kaiser, and father of Emily and Fred
Kaiser, a native of Saxony, Germany, aged
41 years 9 months and 17 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of Deutscher Krieger Verein and Gam-
brinus Vcreln are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Saturday), at 2
o'clock, from B'nai B'rlth Hall. 123 Eddy
HENRY J. CALLACHEft CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. M«T.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALHERS
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers — _
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple,
* NOW at 866 MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth at. .
Finest Equipments at Moderata tatea.
I^LWAYTRAVEL
/V^cTTrG^\ Trm ' B> ' **?• *n4 «vr » dm*
ik /^S^\«& to »rrl ?• at
|wU|||j3z) SAN FRANCISCO.
Mjlf/ Tnart Dwr
fToot of Market Street.)
!.»**« - MAIN LINE. -AMMrfT
700a V«c«tIU». Wta'ter*. Ramsey- 7X3^
7 00a Bealota. Salsan. Elm! r» tad Sacra-
mento 7.20»
7.30A Vallejo. Nap*. Callstog*. SaoU
K<>»«. Martinez. Sun H«racm 6 20»
7-SOa Stle*. LtTermora. Tracy. Lathroft.
StoekroB 7.20»
8.00a Sb»»ta Express — (Via D*rta).
William* (for Bartlett Spr!asr«>,
Willows. tKrntn. l:e< Blu».
Portland. Taroma. *»-«tt!e 7.50*
t 00a D*Tls.Wood:iui<i. KniiiBU Landing.
JUrjsTl'.ie. OroTll> 7.M*
8 30* Port Costa. Martini'-. Anttoch.
Eyroo, Tracy. Stockton. New-
man. Loa n»a"i. Mendott.
Annan*. Bssford. Visalla,
Portrr»nie 4.23*
££0APort Coata. Luibrvv. Modeitu,
Merced. Frrsno. lio*S«a Junc-
tion. Utofurd, VtMtia. nmkrr*
Belrt 4 53»
• •3C* Nt.v*. San Joae. Llvcrinore, Stork-
\ eon. ( IMIIton). lunc. Sn<-ram»oto.
n»eer»lll«. MarTsrllle. Colea.
lied ninff «.2Cs»
1.30a Oakil«l» Chineve. Jataeatewn. So-
nor*. Tiiohim-i- and Aritff !» 4. 20b
9 00a Atlantic Express— OpieatndEait. 1t.SC a
•¦30a Richmond. Uarllncx and vr»jr
Stations 6-6S»»
10.00a The Overland L!mUed — Uffden.
Denver. Omana. Caluaco. 8 2?*
1000a Vallejo 12-20*
10.00a Loa Ans«!es Passenger — Port
Coata. Martlnei, Byron, Tracy,
' T.atSmp. Stock tnn. Merced,
Raymond. Fresno. Qosben Junc-
tion. Hanford, Lemoorn, Vlsalt*.
PakernfleM. Lot Ange!ea 7 ??•
If.POn Bnyward. K!lesan<1 Way Station*. J :{=¦
ti.OOP Sacramento River Stemners M I C^j
3-30* Benicta, Winters. Sacramento.
TCnorilaud. Knuhu hnai'.m.
" Itary«Tll!e. Ororllle aad way
___ *tat!t)B* 1060*
S-SCp Hay*ar>t.X::ct aad Way Statfen* . 7 SC»
3-30P Port Costa, Martinez. Byron.
Tracy, Lalhrop. M o 1 « • t o.
M en-el, Rerrada. Frrsuo aad
Way Stations lie; «od I'ort Cucta 12-2C*
3-30p To«emtte Valley, via Berenda and
Wawonn 8 5T»
3-30p> Mart!ne*.Tri«-T. Stockton. I.edi... 10 20 A
4 OCP Msrtfacz.SMR liioion.VallrJo.Napa,
Wi'^iffui:..!. 9?0*
4 OOP Kilt*. TracT, StoeUtoa. Lort! 4.2t n>
4-SCp Hsywarrf. HIT**. Irrtncton. Eaal t8 S>G*
,„ J«*e. Livermore ) T11.6CA
• .OOP The Owl ].r,>lirn— \<* »m«n. Ln*
llaoo*. Mi-tHtoia. rre»ai>. 1 ulara.
BakersflelU. l<osAs«a!e» 8-50*
B4>0PPoitCo*la. Trory. SttM kinn .. I2 2fc»
»|-J2 PIU ' rw " r<1 « Nii««an<l San Jo*a 7-20*
•XCp Uajr want. MUeiaml San Jo»e. $ it*
• C»PEs«t*r» Expresa— Ogden. Uenver.
Onutba. St. Lout*. CHIca^o an.t
EMt, rim Port tool*, snliuj,
KIm.'rt. Daris, Sacransent*. Col-
_ -. fax. Ben» 820»
••"O^ ?«"e>0. dally, except Sunday. . > ...
7-OOp Vallejo. Sunday on^ f 7 50^
7- OOP Klchraoad. San Pali!o. Port Coaca,
«.. Msrtines sa<! tv»y 6taUoet 11.20a
7.00P Orecos & California Kzpres*— Sso-
roraento. M»ry»»:ile. RarMIn?.
. ... Portland, Pnget bound and Eaat. 8.50a
¦¦OfPBea* Paiieager— I'ort Cost«. Scl-
sua, r.lmlra, Uari*. Sacrantento,
Tniekee. Lake Tanoe. sad Wsy
„ - _8utlon* beyond Sacrameat*.... 7.50»
l.10» Btyward. 5I1as and Saa Ju*e (Sao-
m 4»ronly> 11.80a
COAST LINE <>irr»» w».«.,.
I . (Koot of narttt Streat.)
7.45a Santa Craz KxcuriioaOandav only) 8-1 Op
•¦16a Kawark. Centcrvflle. Baa ' Jo*s.
Ftltoa, B«ald«rCreek. Big Basin.
8«Bta Crn*an.nTay8tatio»*... S 55 P
1S.16A AlT*rado. N-wart. »«a Jose. Le*
i G*to*,G4enw««d, Felton, Boulder
. ., Creek. Big Eaain. Santa Cnu.... 8 10*
tz-ISp Sewark. C««t«r*!:!«, Saa Jose,
New Almaden. Ln* '"i«t«».F»itoa,
Boulder CT«ek, Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Statical 13 55*
4.1 Ip Kewark. Saa Jose, Los Gates aad
way rtitlon* tS 55*
4.1 5p Wrlnht, relton, Boo!der Creek and
Santa Croz.8atar.1ay snd Sunday
. oaly M55a
OAKLAND HARBOR
From BAN r UASClato, Fuotof li*rket St. (9Uat>
! -r.:13 I:0U U:u0 a.x. 100 300 6 1Spm
. Irem OAKLAND. Koct of Broadway — k. : «m u'm
i 1S:«i HhQpA.M. 12 CO 200 4C0r.M.
COAST LINE <Broa.l «.a««T>:
I f"(l&lrd ami Tinrinend Street*.)
6.10a 9«b Jow and Way 'stations $ JCa
I t7 COa San Jo«e and w»y fttatleits 6-40»
7.15a Monterey and SantA Criz Exenr-
i clon («nB<iay only) 10-30"
8.1,0a New Almtden <Tne».. Frtd.. oaly). 4 13i»
t OCa The Coa*ter— Stopa enly Sap Jo»e.
6'lroy <eonaeetloo for Hollla-
: ter>. Pajuro. Cas:ro»;!!a (ct%-
¦ect!os to and from lloaterty
and Pacifte CtwfwX Sallna*. Saa
Ardo, Paao Bobles. Eanto Mar-
f^irlta. San Lats ObIsp<^ principal
•tartoa* Uienee Surf (eonaectloa
for Lomixr), prlnclpwl itatlons
tbeac«^«nta Darbars.S»nBaen»
Ventura. Miuitarra. (> a .rd. Bar-
bank. Loa Anjeles 1I.48*>
• .00* Eaa Jo*e. Trc* rinn*. Capltola.
6s»t*Craz,raclar<;rfrre.8a;!naa,
s»n Lais Oblipo aad Prlaclpai
Way Station* 410»
tfl-MA •«• Jose and Way Station* 1.20p
113Ca Santa Clara, Sat Jm>,Lo*Gmm
and Way titalioa* 7.30p
UCp Ban Joae and Way Station* S-36A
tl-COpOet Monte Kxj>r-.«-3»n:» Clara,
Eaa Joaa. Del MonM. Moaterey.
' Pacllle GroTB (connect* at 3aata
j Clara, except Sunday, for Saata
Craz. Boulder t'reek aad X arrow
6*a«« Point*) 12.1S>
I-30p PaclBi: GroTe Way Passeaser, Bur-
Iic*:ame. Sao Jo*e *nd Way 8tv
tlnns, connects at (»'>'•» for Hoi-
ll*ter. Tre* Pino*, at Pajaro for
Capitola. Santa. Cru at Castro-
»!:!<¦ for Sa'.Ina*. 10.4S*
4.30P Van Jo*e and W*t Statlms +8 CO *.
tS OOP SaaU Clara. San Jo>e, Lo« O»to».
Wrigai aad principal Way 8t»-
tiuna (except Swudny) '9 CO*
{6.30p CanJoieandrrlQclpaiWayStstloo* J9 4C*
b 45p fcantft Kxpre**.— Krdwood. San
Jo*«,GI!r<>T.Saltiiaa.Pa«oKoblea.
Eaa i.u - » l)i>'a;'v. !-autJ» Bitr^»!%.
Loa Anftlri, Demin*. El Fi»«,
Sew Orlenn*. New y<irS. Coa-
oecu st Pajaro for Santa Crui
sad *t C*«:roTl!l« for Pacific
CroTeaad Way Station* 7 10a
18-15P ka6llateo,Ber>-»for.:.Ueiraoni.eaa *
Carlo*. Redwood, r itlr Onka.
Menio Par>. I'a.o Ai:o tg«S«
• 30p 6»n..l6J>e and T-'«» Stitttnaa 6 3>>4
8 OCt> Palo Alt* *»d TTiy Stmiiu* Iu.I'a
II.Mp south San Fraactaco. HOTiir**, Unr-
lincame. Sua Mateo. Ile!:nnnt.
San Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
llealo Park, snd 1'aio A!to 9 4Sp
• 11-30P May fluid. Mountain View, hnnny-
»•>. Lawreace. Santa Clara aad
Saa Joa» tt 4»»
i fur (loruist. P tor Aftfuoaa.
¦.fcnoU«» exeented : Snndxr <mi v
a baiarda? only. ft Monday only.
I Ibcopa at ail *Mtlon* oa Snn.u- .
j fir oclr tnln* (toppiiu; at Vaicac:*, Si. soath.VoanJ
arc»:10*.a., TH' ». »¦. T>t9 a.m.. -,1:40 a. m., 3jjr ¦
| t:3>r. k. mds.ftir.a. ' 7
Mpmpa TOSANRAFAFL
ROSS VALLEY. .
5£n|^Ef*5q MiLL VALLEY,
SSff^SS CAZADERO Etc
l^ffilSSSaki-^ Via Sausalito Terrr.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STAXDAIJD CAl/UK.
Depart from San Francisco, week day*, al
6:::0, 7:10-. T:4.\ S:;W>. i>:15, 10:W. ll:in> a. m.
<ll-40 a. m. Sausalito unly), 12:20, 1:45, :;: !.*•.
4:00, 4:35, 5:15, 0:00. «:'^0. 7:10. 9:0»». lt):'it».
11:35 p in. Sundays and legal holidays, depart
at 7:10. 7:43. S:30. 9:15, 10:00. 11:00. ll:4<>
a m. 12:20. 1:00. 1:50. 2:U0. 3:15. 4:CO, 4:30.
6:15. 5:50. «:25. 7:15, 8:15, 0:00, 10:*Jt>. U:33
p. rn.
Arrive at San Francisco week days, 6:17.
7:00. 7:S5. 8:15. 8:45. 9:35, 10:20. ll:O0 a. m..
12:05. 1:25. 2:50. U:35, 4:20. 5:05. 5:40. t'.li.
6:55. 7:05. 10:03, 11:23 p. tn. On Sundays aivl
lrsal holidays extra trains arrive at 13:43b
2:06. 8:00 p. m.
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:45 x. m..
3:15 p m.»5:l5 p. m. <ex/ Sat.). On Sundays
and legal holidays at 7:43. M:3l>. tt:15. 10:0t».
11:00. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20, 1:00, 1:45. 2:W. 7:15
and »:10 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIN'S.
7:45 a. m. dally— Casadero and way nations.
9:15 a. m., Sundays only— For Point Reyes,
etc.
3:15 p. m., daily except Sunday— For Caza-
dero, etc.
5:15 p. m.. dally except Saturday and Sun-
day — For Point Reyes, etc.
7:13 p. ra., Sundays only — For Point Reyea,
8:15 p. m.. Sundays only— For Cazadero, etc.
TICKKT OFFICK— C!U Market st.
FERRT — Union Depot, foot of Market »t.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave T» tarculit* l>rr»| Arrive
San FwutlMQ K««t«f «*ikrt a. I San fTanciaco
Week Sun- Su "" £***
Days. <layv A&Sft&L d » rs - J>« v '_
8"30"I P«CS*»a 12;45r' 3:45 a
10:00 a 11:00 a f" r 3.35 r
1:45 p 12:20 r X§f§y » : f ° r .fill 1
6*15 P 1-45 P 6:15 P 10:04 1
..l'4;3Sr 8:50 r •-.
'TlaCrafttl Car. f _ Tana!*** U Kill Ull«y.
ficMT l«24 Mam «t ST. {North Shore Railroad)
OrricM Uud Sacsalito FtKRY. Foot Market 3<.
+jt^&& l B MEN AND WOMEN.
4%BBrCcTl£?&i Cm Bif O for nnnatnral
jgS&rtm 1 to i «»r^W dl*ehari*».laflaaim»tio««.
BBS OaaraatS* fl IrriUtisni or olceratloat
ff&y ¦•« to *uto«»r*. of mucoBi ia»a»braa»*.
C^-^g mm* CMMtiM. P»ii.«i», and not utria-
iteimEMHSCMEMICKCO. j*at or peijomooa.
%2&k OIICXlUTl,s.Kng •«>* "»y »r««»laU,
c«.a. aSPor Mat la plala wrappat.
2Hai«r by *zpr***. prapald. far
V^M^ •I.OO.orSbotUaata.T*.
¦ circular nat «• t*i>**»»
street, where funeral services '. will be held
under the auspices of Deutscher Krleger
Vereln. Remains at the parlors of Theodor
Dlerks. BB7 Mission street, between Fifth
¦nd Sixth. Cremation Odd Fellows' Cem-
etery-
LYONS— In thte city, June 7, 1904, Thomas
J. Lonons. beloved son of James Lyons, a
native of California, asred 30 years anfi 4
months. A veteran of the Spanish- American
war and of Conmany A, N. G. C. .
B^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Jamra McGinn & Co.. 214 Eddy
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
services, commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment
National Cemetery. Presidio.
MCCARTHY— In this city. June 8, 19O4, Jere-
miah, - dearly belaved husband of Mary
McCarthy, and fatffer of Patrick T.. Charles,
Jeremiah. Joseph and the late Daniel Mc-
Carthy and Julia Scott and brother of Mrs.
Mary Brown, Mrs. Charles Peterson and
James and David McCarthy, a native of
Temple Brlen North, parish of Clonkilty,
County Cork, Ireland, aired 75 years. I
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 428 Fulton street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MCCARTHY— In this city, at 1020 Capp street,
June 0. 1304. Peter, beloved husband of the
late Catherine McCarthy, and loving father
of Genevieve. McCarthy. Mrs. Theodore C.
Schwerin. Mrs. Georg« XV. Hall. Mrs. CTiarKs
E. Andersen and Dr. C. F. McCarthy, a
native of Ireland, aged 78 yean.
C7 Notice of funeral hereafter.
MOORE — In this city,- June 9. 10O4, Daniel
Webeter Moore, beloved father of H. W.«.
Moore and Mrs. Thoma» Lindsay of Ogden.
Utah, a native of Newark. N. J.. a*ed 68
years 10 months and 30 days.
MORAN— In this city, June 9, 1904, at hT
residence. 72 Woodward avenue, Mrs. Rose
Moran. dearly beloved mother/'of Josephine
A.. James D.. Edward S., Clarence B. and
tftwrrnce J. Moran Mrs. John M. Hunolt
and the late Martin B. and Herfry P. Moran,
a native of County Cavan, Ireland.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), from Holy Cross Church, Santa
Cruz, Cal.. en the arrival of the 8:15 a. m.
train (narrow saucf > from San Francisco.
NELSON— In this city. June C, 1904, Martin
Nelson, a native of Norway, aged 40 years.
1 C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend' the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Bunker & Liuit, 2666 Mission street
(Mission Masonic Temple), between Twenty-
second and Twenty-third, under the auspices
of Court Star of the Mission No. 7194, A. O.
F. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery. ¦
O'CONNELL— In this city. June 8, 1004,
Charles. J.. dearly beloved husband of Kale
OTonnell, a native of County Waterford,
Ireland.
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
t'arew & English. 20 Van Ness avenue. In-
terment private. Holy Crois Cemetery.
RAYNER— In Octan View. June 8, 1904.
Greta Edith, beloved daughter of Benjamin
and Alice Rayner. and sister of Thomas D-,
Sidney and Alice Rayner and the late John
Rayner. a -native of Ocean View, aged 14
years .'{ months and 7 days.*
(C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
? Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her mother, 24S Sherman avenue. Ocean
View, thence to Ocean View Episcopal
Church, where eervices will be held at 2:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery-
RICH— In this city, June 8. 1904. Mary G.,
beloved wife of the late Captain T. Rloh,
and mother of Mrs. Georee XV. Crawley. a
native of New York, agrd 69 years 10 months
and 6 days.
ICyFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Saturday), at 1
o'clock, from her daughter's residence, 1343
San Bruno avenue, between Twenty-fourth
and Twenty-fifth streets. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
RINGEN — In this city, June 8, 1904, Anna
Margrethe Rineen. beloved wife of Peter
Rlngen. loving mother of John. Peter, George
and the late Louis Rlngen. a native . of
Bremervorde, Hanover. Germany, aged 71
years 11 montns tnd 17 days.
(CTFrlenis and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, June 10, at 1 o'clock, at her late
residence, 613 Lombard street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
San Francisco Frauen Vereln — Officers and
members of this society are kindly requested
to attend the funeral of our late, member,
Mrs. A M. Rlncen. Friday, June 10, at 1
o'clock, from her residence. By order of
i -MRS. V. WREDK, President.
MRS. ANNA MAAS. Secretary.
SCHNATER— ln thi* city. June 0. 1904. John
Sohnater. a native of Oberhausen. Germany,
aged 27 years 2 months and 16 days.
SMITH— In Honolulu, June 9, 1004. Frank M.
' *Smlth of r!27 Fifth avenue, .San Francisco, a
native of New York, aged 45 years.
SPELLMAN— In this city. .Tun" 0. l»04.
Michael, beloved son of the late Michael and
; Charlotte Spellman. and brother of Martrar f t,
; Daniel Bnd .Tohn Suellmar and Mre. M. J.
Griffin and the late Mrs. Kate Egan, a na-
tive of Ran Francisco, aged 27 years.
STAPLETON— In this city. June 8, 1904.
William Staplet&n, beloved husband of Mar-
tha A. Stanleton. and loving father of Mrs.
J. F. Croone, Mrs. J. H. Beresford, Mrs. «.'.
A. Graham snd ('Joseph, David and the late
William Stacleton. a native of Prince Ed-
ward It-- land, aced S. r > years. (Boston, Mar*.,
and Bath Mc.paptrs please copy.)
ETThe funeral service- will be held to-
• day (Friday), at 11 o'clock, at hi* late
residence. 11 06 A Valencia street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city. June 9, 1904, Jere- !
minh, dearly beloved husband of Margaret
Sullivan, and father of Michael F.. William
I.. John. Jeremiah, Charles. Mary. Margaret,
Catherine nnd the late Edward Sullivan, a
native of County Kerry, Ireland, aged 6(J
year.?.
. iryNotice of funeral hereafter.
THOMSON— In this city. Jure ». 1904, Annie,
beloved wife of thr- late W. J. Thomson, A
native of Neva Scotia. A member of Mission
HcUikah Lodge No. 225: Mission Chapter No.
K'.o. Eastern Star, and Knichta and Ladles
at Honor.
ETFrlenda and acquaintances are respect- ;
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. June 12, at 2 o'clock, at the mort- J
nary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking ;
Company, 2475 Mission street. n»ar Twrnty-
llrst. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by
• electric funeral car from Eighteenth and ;
Guerrero strtets at 2:30 o'clock.
T11OKNE— ln this city. June 9. 1904, Stephen I
W. Thome. -beloved hueband of Josephine A. i
Thome, and father of May and Alma. Thome, j
and brother of D. C. and H. A. Thdrne and j
Mrs. D. J. Curry, a native of Prescott, Ariz., ;
aged 22 years 1 month and 14 days. I
WILD— At Angel Island, June S. 1904, Captain
Frederick S. Wild, Thirteenth Infantry, U.
S. A., a native of New York, aged 40 years
7 months ar;d 5 days. I
"PLAYMATES"
THE NEXT FREE ART SUPPLEMENT WITH
TBE SUNDAY CALL.
¦
E. Louyot's "Playmates" is a scene bf home life which will appeal to all lov-
ers of children and pets. It illustrates the sympathy which exists between children
snd their animarplaymates, and suggests the charm which the ingenuous play of the
? little ones may bring into home life. It shows also that imitation of what they have
observed in the lives of their parents influences in a remarkable degree their own
actions. In putting the puppy to bed in her doll's cradle the little girl is following the
example of her mother's care for her little brother, which she has daily observed.
Although her offspring seems to be an unwilling partner to the play, the canine mother
does not seem greatly concerned, for she has doubtless been often associated with the
children in their games, and knows that they mean no harm.
The picture is one which bespeaks the artist's cheerful temperament. Into a com-
v ¦ monplace scene he has- infused something of the sympathy which he must have .for the
homely joys of domestic life. His color also indicates a genial fondness for what is
pleasing and cheerful. It is varied and brilliant, simple and unaffected and not devoid
of refinement. There is even a certain subtlety in the placing of the blue-green and
yellow-green notes of the cupboard and the cradle together in-the picture and balanc-
ing them with a mass of the blue apro.n on the opposite side of the picture. Effects of
studied arrangement are also to be found in the judicious placing of the various notes
of red, brown and yellow.
The works of this promising young artist are not yet familiar in this country, as
there is so great a demand that thev are generally sold to collectors and dealers as soon
as they are completed, and he' has frequently so many advance orders for his pictures
that his customers have to wait many months before they can have the satisfaction of
possessing one of his interesting productions.
His models are taken from his own household— even the animals, which he is
•fond of introducing into his compositions. : His familiarity with them is unquestion-
ably the secret of his remarkable success in painting them.
; ' \
FREE WITH NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
All News Agents, Train Newsboys, Etc., Etc., Sell the Great Sunday Call.
ASK FOR IT.
fff tvS&sk .
W C "aUF oT. N 1 1 A g
H LIMITED TO CHICACC I
1 LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS i
Mat O:3O a. m., through ln R days, i
Eg with diner and all trapplnr*. |Q
IR^M»WPttlMMHaBB«Blt^BMaW^LsBBBBBSffi8r? ?njiJ*3al
Pylt^W BjMjiaBMHMlUaZfcjMalMM-naBJBMB
( Other Santa re Trains: -
7:30 a. m. 1 " for Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfield,
sloo p! m.) Merced, Hanford and Visalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
6:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago, j
TICKET OZTXC2S — 641 Market St. and
Perry Depot, s. .T. Alao 1112 Broad-
way. Oakland, Cal. 37 South ririt St..
1 San Jose.Silver advanced' 2 Jc. \
The Coptic brought $7000 In [ United States
gold coin for the Hongkong and Shanghai Bank
and 5.C0O.00O gold yen from Japan for the fol
lowing banks: Hongkong and Shanghai, 3,500 •
0«0- International Banking Company, 1,100 000-
Neva«a National. 1.000,000. • Since December 1
1903, C8.S53.000 gold yen, valued at about
$34,288,000. have been received, here from
Japifn. In addition large amounts of currency
have been received from Japan by mall, both
hero and In New York, of which no record is
obtainable. -
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 -SO
Sterling Exchange, sight ........ — 4 RS
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 gs«
New York Exchange, sight — 02%
Xew York Exchange, telegraphic — 05
Silver, per ounce — 85%
Mexican Dollars 48 9 —
Exchange and Bullion.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 53.101 — Oak T Co 69.119% —
Hay CPC 5s. — 103 Do 6s Ill lin;
Cal C G 58.100 105 Do con 5a. — 102%
Cal G A E g Oceanic S 6a. — 75
m Sc ct 5s. 81% — I On Cable 6s. — 125
Cal-st C Ss. — 117%! Pac G> Im 4s. 92 —
C C Wat 5s. — 101 P E Ry 5».104%105%
EdL A P 6s.l23% — P * C H 69.103 —
F A C H 6a.ll4% — P A O R 6*. — US
Geary-st 5s.. — 63 Powell-st 6a. — 114
H C&S B%s.lOO — Sao EG&RS*. 87% 88»i
Do 5« ...... 97 — PF 4 SJV5a.ll8%118%
Hon R T 6a,105 ¦ — Sierra R 6«.. — 118
L A Elec 6s. — 106 S P 0/ A 6*
L A Ry 6s.lll%112% (190»> 108%lC8%
L A L Co 6s — — (1910) — —
Do gtd 6s.— — S P of C 6s
Do gtd Ss.102% — (1905)Sr A. 102% —
LAP lem 6s.l01 — (1905)Sr B.103vI —
Mkt-st C 6s. — 119% (1906) 104% —
Do lem 8».114% — (1912) 115 lit
MV& MtT5«.101% — SPC 1 eg 3s.H0 —
NRR of Ces.107 107% Do Btmpd..l07%ilC8%
Do Ss 116%117 S P B R 6aO31% —
N P C R 5s.l04 — 8 V Wat 6«. 105 —
N C Ry 6a.. 110 112 Do 4» 2dm. — 89
N C P C 5s.9« — Do 4s Sdm. — »»
N S R R 6s. 95% — Do g mtg4s 87% 98%
OOLAH5S.107 — Stkn GAESs. — 101
O W-gtd Ss. — — U G ft B Sa. — —
• • . '• WATER STOCKS
Contra Costa — 40 I Port Costa. ..— «~
Marin Co. . . — 60 | S V Wat Co. *714 —
GAS AND
Cent LAP. 3% 4 jS F O A E. 60% 61%
Mutual EL.12 13 Plkn G- * E. — 6
Pac L Co... 56% — [uO&ECo.— —
INSURANCE.
Flrem'a Fnd. — 333 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am NU Bk.,125 — I L P * A. ...130 160
Anglo-Cal .. 83% 86%IMer Trust. .. 213
Bank of Cal.425 428 Merch Ex . . 60
Cal Safe Dp. 145 147% 8 F NaUonL — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S A L.2280 2330 Sav A L So. 100
Hum SAL.— — Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav.lOO — Union T Co. . — —
S F S&v U.623 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..187%188 |Presldl o 40. —
Geary — CO |
POWDER.
GUnt « 61%IVIgortt ...... 4H 5
8UGAR.
Hana P Co. — 13c | Kilauea S C. — 4
Hawaiian C. 49% 6OV4 Makawell C.l 21% 22
Honokaa S C 11% 12 | Onomea. S C. 24 27%
Hutch SPC— 8%|Paauhau S C. 13 «£
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 137% 140 iOceanicSCo. 4 4«i "
Cal F C A 100 jPac Aux FA. 8 •
S,*,L W J? e^- ®° — l^ac C Bon. 136 119
MVA MtTm.100 — I
Morning Session.
Board —
8 S F Gas A Electric, cash 60 75
50 Spring Valley Water Co 37 80
$1,000 Northern Ry of Cal 6s. b 3 107 f-0
$2.COO Oakland Transit Co 6s, b 3.. Hi) 80
$1,000 S P of Arizona (1310).. .109 23
Street —
10 California Wine Association... 90 00
$5,000 Oakland Transit 5s. b 3. ...:.. Ill 00
$15,000 SF&SJV5». b 3 lltt 60
'.I - Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 S F Gas A Electric 61 00
10 8prlng Valley Water Co 37 62 ii
Street— ¦ -„
10 Bank of California .423 00
$2,000 Northern Ry of Cal 6». cash.. 107 00
Unlisted Securities*
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I 'bui Ask
Bay CPC 6s. 98% 90% IS P C R 4s. — "l00
Cal NW 5b.. — 112 |S P Co 4Us. 90 _
M C Wat 5s. 100 _ 1 Sun Tel £..113 —
RlsIWksSs— 107%| Do 6. — l O 5
f £ Drdlc 5s— 113%Buttr-st R3S.105 113
SF A NP 3s. — Ul%\ VR of SF 4s. 78% — ,
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — 30 (Mat Nav Co. — 80
Amer Bis Co — 95 Nev Nat Bk — 2W>
Cal Cot Mils 80 87 N S R R C» 9«i _
Cal GAECor. 13 4-8 N Cal P Co. — It
Cal Powder- — 15O Oak Bk Sav 112%
Cal Bhlp Co. 21 27 Oak T ConT 75 —
Cal T I A T.11S — IOOF Hall A I —
Cen Bk. Oak — 6R Orpheum Co . — 15%
Chutes C o .. 6% 7%IPacC Cas Col20 —
CltyACBk- 112 jPac S Tel. ilOO _
Cyp L Imp.. 6V4 — I Paraf Paint.. 38 —
tast Dynm.. — 230 |S F Drydock. 60 —
DpntPwd pM — 90 SFASJ Coal. 23 VU.
Do com .. — 50 S J Wat Co. — lfcj
5* J?k. Oak. 120 — SO A MTgbt.125 _
Fischer Thtr 63c — Swlss-A Bk 115
Frnch-A Bk.106 — Truck Elect — 11
Gas Con A.. — 22 UR InC pM 47 80
Hono P Co. 14 — Do com a
LonA SF Bk — 60 " .^:;
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock- Bid. Asked.
Apollo 40 4(J
.fssoctated Trust Certificates. IS 20
£? Tlb0U 3 00 5 00
Claremont ....... .. gj
Four <53
Fulton .... 3 75
Hanford ISO 6© 189 0O
Home. „. 1 C2% 133
Imperial ¦ 18 0O
Independence ...... 26 3t>
Kern , 475 ....
Kern River 10 00
Monarch (of Arizona) ...... .... **40
Monte Crlsto .... 70
Occidental of W Va n
Oil City Petroleum 00 ' 62
Peerless 13*7%
S F & McKlttrlck 3 00
Sovereign 33
Sterling 3 40' 2 69-
Superior 04 03
Thirty-three a 25
Twenty-eigtt 9 60 \...\
Associated Bonds .......... .... 79 06
Monarch Pool „; .... SH
Wabash ......... 30 SI
Miscellaneous —
Fischer's Theater .......... 80 ....
Northern CaJ Power „.. U 23
SALES.
Morning Session.
2C0 Homa ....: .*•.•.• 1 62VJ
700 Four Oil 68
454 Associated i'j
Afternoon Session. .."••••
i 250 Four Oil „ .«.« 65
6100 Superior, ¦ 10 04
1000 Oil City Petroleum eo
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE. .
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Andes 141 100 Overman ..... 32
200 Con C A Va.l 40 100 Scorpion 17
1000 Con Imperial. 02 1000 Utah 15
10O Mexican 1 S3|
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 31| 300 Potosl 15
200 Caledonia ... 771 500 Scorpion in
300 Con C A Va.l 4.1, 400 Sag Belcher .. 13
400 Exchequer .. 47 800 Sierra Nev .. 42
20O Mexican 1331 209 Union Con .. 43
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday: ,
Morning Session.
100 Alpha 15 lOu Justice .'. 12
200 Chollar 17 100 Ophir 4 2O
800 Chollar ...... 15 100 Ophlr 4 23
20O Chollar 11 150 Overman 32*
200 Con C A Va.1 40 200 Potosl ........ 17
400 Con Imperial. 021
Afternoon Session.
100 Con C A V.I 42% 800 Sierra Xer .. 43
200 Overman .... 82 200 Union Con .. 47
100 Savage 23 600 Yellow Jacket. 29
TONOPAJI MINING EXCHANGE,
Following ware the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morntnsr Session.
3C00 Brunswick .. 16 SCO Mont Ton...l 82%
2000 Brunswick .. IT 800 Mont Ton ...195
200 MacNamara . 33 2000 Mont Ton ..1 87 V.
600 MacNamara . 40 100 Moot Ton ...2 CO
1300 MacNamara . 42 100 Mont Ton. . .2 02%
1500 MacNamara . 43 200 Mont Ton ...2 03 ¦
2500 MacNamara . 45 150O Rescue - 03
2500 MacNamara . 4« 100 Ton Belmont. .» <W
300 MacNamara . 47 100 Ton Gold M. 13
2000 MacNamara . 4« 3123 Ton Midway.. 40
1000 MacNamara . 49 1000 Ton Midway.. 41
4300 MacNamara . 80 BOO Ton Midway.. 43
Afternoon Session.
iron Brunswick .. 171 1100 MacNamara .. 45
1500 MacNamara . 401 1000 MacNamara .. 47
1300 MacNamara . 41 300 Ton Belmont. 67
1100 MacNamara . 42 200 Ton N Star... 23
600 MacNamara . 43! 500 Ton Midway.. 40
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, June 8 — 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I . . - Bid.A.iic.
Alpha 12 151 Justice 12 14
Alta 07 . 08 KentucJc 03 03
Andes 14 16 Keyes Graes.. — 1 2O
Belcher 30 33 Lady Wash .. — 0>;
liext A Belch. I 23 1 33 Mexican 1 30 1 33
Bullion "13 151 Occidental ... 7» 81
Caledonia ... 77 78|Ophlr 4 25 4 30
Challenge Con 18 20i Overman 32 S4
Chotlar 13 14lPotos> 13 18
Confidence ...1 CS 1 101 Scorpion ..... 19 19
Con C A Va.l 40 1 4Sl Savage ....... 24 2«
Con Imperial. 01 02 Be* Belcher .. 13 14
Con NT .03 04 Sierra Ner ..42 43
Crown Point. .18 19 Silver Hill .. 4« 30
East Sierra N 06 . — St Louis .... 00 10
Eureka Con.. — 50 Syndicate Or. 04
Exchequer . . 47-49| Union Con . . 47 4*
Oould A Cur. 24 ?3IUtsh 15 ; 1*»
Hale A Norc. ¦ 73 751 Yellow Jacket. 28 29
juiia «* 101
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Colehan — 071 Ray A O'Brien 06 0«l
Esperanza ... — 03! Ray Ton , 12 13
Gold Anchor. — 20 Rescue ....... <W 07
Gold M Con. 01 02 Too Belmont.. 65 B6
Hannapah ..23 — Ton Cash Boy — 2.1
Jim Butler ..45 — Ton Exten.^.. — 1 05
Little Ton :. 20 — Ton A O W. — 03
Luckr Tom.. — O 3 Ton O 013 M - — 13
MacNamara. 43 44 [Ton Midway.. 3» 4O
Mtspah Ei .. : 10 —I Ton of Nv9 37% « 62%
Mont Ton..2 05 2 07% Ton N Star.. M 2!)
Paymaster .. 06 •— Ton A Salt L 2|> " —
Ray Extra .. — 12; United Too .. 13 —
The Tonopafi Mining Stocks
Have a SharpFlurry.
The feature yesterday was the activity In
the Tonopah mining stocks, sales on the morn-
Ing session being very heavy, as will be seen
by the list below. The flurry was led by
McNamara. which advanced from 32c to COc
under the belief that the Mlzpah ledge had
been struck. The other active stocks were
Brunswick. Mid fray and Montana, and all
were hlcher.
The other ¦mining stocks were quiet and
the oil stocks neglected.
Local stocks and bonds were inactive, with
Gas and Electric somewhat higher at $60 75
©61.
The San Francisco and Tonopah Mining Ex
change has raised the price of its seats to
$500. with a transfer fee of $30.
The Four Oil Company has declared a month
ly dividend of 1 cent per share, amounting to
$3000, payable Jjine 15.
Ex-dlvldend yesterday: Central Eureka Mln
insr Company of California, regular monthly, 5
cents per share. Increased from 8 cents per
share, amounting to $20,000.
Since last report four. more railroad carloads
of Ophlr ore have been shipped, making eight
een carloads now on the way 1 or in process of
The Chollar Mining- Company has levied an
assessment of 10c. delinquent July 13.
STOCK AND BOND "EXCHANGE.
¦ THURSDAY. June 8—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. . ¦ Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 107 107% 4s qr cp new.132%13-1%
4s qr reg.. .100 lC(t% 3s qr Coup...l05%106
reports from- the country tell of great Improve
ment in Wheat. Minneapolis mills. are closing
] down owing: to the poor demand for Flour, and
late wires said that ' all of • them would close
to-day until Tuesday. v All other markets re
ported the cash demand for -Wheat dull.
The San Francisco market was Tiuiet and
firm as to the cash grain, but futures declined
under the heavy selling of a large long. In
which other longs joined.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 27%®1 35: California
White Australian, $1 52V4@1 57V4: Northern
Club, $1 30@l 40; Northern Bluestem, $1 50
@1 65 per ctl. ¦ • . .
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a.' m.
. :.v'- Open.' High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 32. $1 32 $1 3OVs $1 30%
2 p. m. Session.
December— $1 30% bid. $1 80% asked.
BARLEY — The only change in cash grain
is a reduction in quotations for Chevalier, for
which there is no market at present. Brewing
is also neglected. There is a fair demand. for
Feed at about $103% as the general figure.
1 Futures are again . lower.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 O2«-4@l 06: Brewing. $1 07HS1 10;
Chevalier, $1 O2!4@l 10 for fair to choice. .
FUTURES. .-',-"
- Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
-' . ; '-- -Open., High. Low. Close.
December ... 90& 96% &6V4 MVi
2 p. m. Session.
December— 9<S%c bid. 9C%c asked.
. OATS — Continue . quiet and unchanged, i-.-"
White, *1 42H@1 47%; Black. $1 22%®
1 27%; Red. $1 27%@1 35; Gray, nominal.
-- CORN — There were no receipts from the
West yesterday. The market was quiet and '
unchanged. J
Western sacked, $1503165 for- Yellow. I
$1 47>4@1 52% for White and $1 45<??1 60 for
Mixed: California large Yellow, $1 55; small
round do. $1 G5&1 60; White. $1 65 per ctl;
Egyptian. «1 3'.'%@1 42% for White and $1 25®
1 30 for Brown.
RYE— $1 30@l 32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75ff2 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. $4 60©
4 iiO. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $1 DOt/4 80;
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $3 &>@4 'J5
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 60 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 60: Rye Meal. $3 25: Rice Flour.
$7: Corn Meal, $3 50; extra cream do, $4 25;
j Oat Groats, $4 60; Hominy, $l®4 23; Buck
1 wheat Flour. $4 60@4 75: Cracked Wheat, $4;
Farina. $4 60: Whole Wheat Flour. S3 75:
Rolled Oats, bbls, $7 23ys 00; In sacks, $'! 759
8 10; Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The cargo of new Barley. Oat and Alfalfa
Hay which came in on Wednesday and for
which $5 75 was bid, was sold yesterday at
$6 50. The Hay market is reported weak, with
quotations rather vague and undetermined, as
the demand is very slack. Dealers say that it
Is fortunate that there is not much new Hay
coming In. for there Is no call for It. •
There is no further change in Feedstuffs,
which are firm.
BRAN— $22«?2a per ton. '
MIDDLINGS— $24®29 per ton.
SHORTS— $22023 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $22 50®23
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $20 50«:il
! Jobbing, $32; Cocoanut Cake. $22rS23- Corn
j Meal. *32(g33: Cracked Corn. $32 ROQ.T! 50:
I Mixed Feed. $22@2-'l; Horse Beans. $30010 per
ton: Broom Corn Feed. 00c per ctl.'
HAY— Wheat. $10@14 50; Wheat and Oat
1 $11613: Oat, *n®12; Wild Oat. $7010: Bar-'
• ley and Oat. $7611; Stock, $7©8; Alfalfa, $73
i 10 per ten.
I STRAW— 60<SS0c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
t There Is no further change in the situation.
1 Lima and Blftckcye Beans continue firm and
in demand.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 2.Vg2 PO; Pea. %2 9OS3-
Butters. »3: small White. $2 S3S.1 10- l«ree
White. $2 23<g2 65: Pink. S3 45S3 CO- Red
: *4 25<&:4 60: Lima. $.1 S»C3 35: Red Kidneys
j *4 75<S5: Blackeye. $2®2 10 per ctl; Horse
, Beans. $2^2 £0.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 25ffl4 50- Yellow"
I Mustard. *2 5063; Flax. *1 SOfM 90- 'Canary
CH(ff3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa. .UU'.ffl'Gc- Tlnrii'
l"Si©2c; Timothy. 6fi«%c; Hemp." 3H<g4o per
! lb: Millet. 3Q3%c: Broom Corn Seed $20S?-i
! per ton. ¦ . "*
j DRIED PEAS — Blackeye. $3 per ctl- Nilea
! $3 23: Green Peas. »3»3 25. S>
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
; Receipts of new Potatoes were moderate and
the market continued firm at previous prices,
as in addition to the usual demand for local
consumption there was a good Inquiry for
choice lots for *hlpme.nt to Puget Sound Old
Potatoes moved freely at the recently revised
I quotations. New Onions ! were wanted far
shipment' on. the Puget Sound steamer and the
market cleaned up promptly at unchanged
rates.
, As was expected, receipts of Peas were very
¦ light and prices advanced eharply. Summf r
Squash arrived freely from several sections and
wh* lower.- String B'-ans too were easier
under liberal receipts from the . river. The
; other vegetables were In good supply and
: prices stood as previously quoted. I
POTATOES— New White, «l 2.-ifti S3 p-r
! ctl for river and $1 23tjf2.for bay: Early Rose
$1 40@l C5 per ctl; old Oregon Burbanks
$l«rfl 40 per ctl; old river Burbanks. 60ct&$t
; per ctl.
ONIONS — Australian Yellow. $4 5O05 imt
ctl; new Red. 90c<a$l per sack; new Sllver
i skins. $1 50 per Ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 2.'.«33c per dot •
i Asparagus. 4©8c p»r lb; Rhubarb. 7.1<8S5c per
, box: Green Peas. ?2 25 per sack; Garden Peas.
,'8%©4c per lb; String "and Wax Beans.
j B@«c per lb; Tomatoes. $1 60©l 75 per
! box or crate for Los Angeles and $1 5of?2 inr
Mexican (repacked) ; Summer Squash, ti3f?75<»
per box: Cabbage, *l per ctl; Carrots
$1 25 per sack; Cucumbers, $1 75 per box-
Oarlic. 5©<5o per lb; Egg Plant. 10c per lb :
Drltd Pepper*,- SJflOc for sun-dried rnd 12%3
13: per lb for evaporated; Dried Okra. 12 wj
15c per lb; Green Peppers. (WHOc per lb-
Marrowfat Squash. Jobbing, at 1%©2c per lb.
I Poultry and Game.
j — — !
car of Western Hens that came in on
Wednesday, making the fifth for the week.
was on sale and moved off rather slowly at
1 $b 50&7 per dozen, the latter being an ex-
¦ f treme figure and obtained only in a small
: way. As a result of the heavy arrivals of
: VI estern the market for domestic Poultry was
I very quiet, and only the best stock received :
' any attention.
! ~ POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 15fiICc per lb
'• Ge ' se 'P er P°' r . *l 26$1 60;" Goslings. $1 50(fr
*j'5 : vr- Du « cket * 4e5 per dozen for oId an d
*4 no©5 50 for young; Hen*, $5 SOfiO 50 for
large and $4 60^3 for small; young Roosters.
SVa Oi& J? : old Roo «"r*. ** 6005; Frysts. $5 50®
6 50; Broilers, $;i@4 for large and $2 2.1<S2 50
for small; Pigeons. $1 50 per dozen for old and
I ft iHO'2 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1 30 per dozen: Rabbits. $1 75
©2 for Cottontails and $1 per dozen for brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The Butter market continues well supplied
and the feeling Is steady at previous prices
The situation in Cheese remains as for several
month*, the market being handicapped by ex
cessive stocks. *
The feeling In Eggs is not as strong as
during the past few days, as the advance has
druwn more in from the country and some out
of cold storage, so the quantity offering on the
market has become larger. Prices show no
change, however. I
Receipts were 82,600 lbs Butter, 1501 cases
Eggs and 26.200 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 18%@10e
for extras and 17%©18c for firsts; dairy ICa
liWc; store Butter. 13@15c; cold storage, "nom-
CHEESE— 8®8%c for good to choice new
.¦Sn,z"^ 7o r. fo r l0Wer o grades; Tdung Americas.
?r ib° : a8ter "' 12^® 14 °: Western. Il@l2o
. EGGS ;T^ Rancn ' 2l ® 23 c for fair to choice;
?«^ti O -®. l9c: Ea « te "i. 20«21o for firsts and
16%@18c for seconds. -
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Testerdar was shipping; day for Puget Sound
ports and the market was quite active during
the early trade, as deciduous fruits were in
good request for shipment and the demand
for local consumption continued brisk. Packed
Cherries were steady and occasional lots of
fancy stock packed In 8-lb cartona commanded
a premium. Apricots did a little better under
the extra. demand for shipping and good stock
In crates met with prompt sale at the outside
rate. Peaches were in increased supply 23
boxes being received from Vacavllle, besides
a few from other sections. They were all of
the Early Alexander variety and sold at $1 25
®1 50 per box Cherry Plums aold at 50c per
drawer and Seedless Grapes from Yuma
brought $2 per crate. ' Loose Cherries were
steady, with canners buying the surplus at
2%@3%c per lb for black and -common white
and 4%®5c for Royal Anne. Distillers were
In the market for the best Royal Anne at 5%c
per pound, but were unable to secure many,
as such stock was well cared for by the regu.
lar trade at the maximum quotation below.
Strawberries were unchanged, with Longworths
¦ still selling at a wide range as to quality. The
other Berries were in ample, supply and prices
had but slight quotable Variance. Citrus fruits
stood aa previously quoted, with trade mod
erately aqtive.
STRAWBERRIES— $5@12 per chest for Long
worths and $2®4 60 far the larger varieties.
LOGANBERRIES— $3«4 per chest. •
BLACKBERRIES— $4@7 per chest and 75c@
$1 per crate. W&SmmtlfcsaH
RASPBERniES— $13^15 per chest; rratea
from Newcastle; $1 25@1 80; from Fresno $2.
GOOSEBERRIES— 2©4c per lb for small' and
6@7c for English..
CURRANTS— $2 60®3 B0 per chest.
CHERRIES— In drawers. B0«S63c; in bulk.
3@5c per ,1b for Black, 2@3%c for common
White and 4%«flc for Royal Anne.
APRICOTS— Small boxes and crates. 65c(^
$1 25; large open boxes, $1©1 50; baskets,
1 5o®"5c. ¦ ¦ ' ¦ . : •
•APPLES — $160(92 25 per box for old crop
and 25d50o per box or basket for new green.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MAEKETS.
Foreign Futures.
; . ' 1_
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — July. Sept.
Opening 0 3% Q 4 V,
Closing 0 3X4 u 1 '.-„
PARIS.
Wheat — 1 June. Sept. -Deo
Opening 20 25 20 40
Closing 20 20 20 40
Flour-
Opening 27 00 27 63
Closing 27 00 27 60
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. June 9.— WOOL— Steady; me
dium grades combing and clothing, 18@23Vic;
light fine. 15(fil8c; heavy fine, 12@15c; tub
washed, 21@32c,
1 , . .
Northern Business.
SEATTLK, June 9. — Clearings. $723,180; bal
ances. ?177,247.
TACOMA, June 9.— Clearings, $322,554; bal
ances, $64,639.
PORTLAND. June 9.— Clearings, $624,733;
balances, 103,704. .
8POKANE, June B.— Clearings, $371,238;
balances, $01,388. .
Northern Wheat Market. '
OREGON.
PORTLAND, June 9.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 71c; bluestem, 79c; valley, 80c.~-".<- ¦¦•••
• WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. June 9. — WHEAT— Steady Blue
stem, 82c; club. 72a. : 'V '
KANSAS CITY, June 9. — CATTLE-—Re
ceirts. 0000; | market steady. Native. $4 ,VMJ
rt Mf: native cows and heifers. $2 5Og-5 .16:
storkers and feeders. $3 50®4 1)5; bulls, $3is*
4 50: calves. *2 loSli 7. r »; Western steers. $4 75
©5 fK): Western cows. $2 G0ff?5 10.
HOOS— Receipts. 7000: market steady. Bulk
of sales. $i fi.">«?-4 «0: heavy. $4 7.W4 S5; pacje
ers. $4 G."i@4 80; pigs and light, TA6i 70.
8HEEV — Receipts, 4000; market steady:
Muttons. $4 75«?5 75; lambs *.'• 2.-.<K7; range
wethers. $4 25©4 75; ewes. $3 75"JH 50.
Miscellaneous Markets.
Kansas City Stock Quotations.
OMAHA. Neh..' June 9. — CATTLE — Re
ceipts. 2fiOO; market steady. Natlv» steers,
$4 COfi". 25. cows - and hei'ers. $3 50®.") 10:
cannerc". $2{?>'i: ' strikers' and feeders. $2 75#
4 16: calWs. $3fiB 50: bulls. »2 75^3 45.
HOGS — Receipt*. 9500; market steadier to
fasler. Heavy, $4 70*04 80; mixed, ti <>0i?M 70;
light. $4 554?4 70; pigs, $4'<j4 50; bulk of sales.
$4 »5(gf4 70.
PHEEP— Receipts, 3OC0; market steady to
stronjr. Westirn yearlings. $.V&f> 50: wethers,
.*.*.Ti.". 50; ewps, $4 7505 25: common and stock
ers. $3175 10; lambs, $5 7567.
Omaha Cattle Market.
I CANTALOUPES— $1 for small and 93 SO®
! 4 50 for large crates.
! ' CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $2 6063 50
for fancy. $1 5002 50 for choice and $1$1 50
1 for standard: Seedlings. (1 25@1 50; Valencia*.
$1 5C@2 50; Mediterranean 8weets. $1 75; Tan
gerines. $1 25: Lemons. $2 8O©2 73 for fancy,
|l 5001 75 for choice and $1©1 25 for stand
ard: Grape Fruit. $1 50$2 for seedless and $19
1 50 for ordinary; Mexican Limes, $5g5 SO per
case; Bananas. $2>g3 per bunch for Central
American and $1©'." for Hawaiian; Pineapples.
$2ii3 per dozen. • r -..--:
Dried Fruits,Nuts,RaisinsJJoney.
The Honey crop In the southern part of the
State is reported turning out poorly and the
feeling In this market is therefore becoming
firmer, though prices show no further change.
FRUITS — Apricots. for Royals and
9®12c for Moor-parks; Evaporated Apples. 4Vit?
6c; • sun-dried. 3@4%c: Peaches. 7@Sc:
Pears. 8%S12c; Figs, white. 2<493c in boxes;
black. 4i4c; Plums, pltt'd. 5-g7Vic per lb.
PRUNES — 1903 crop. 2@2%c for the four
RAISINS— F. o. b. prices Fresno for 1903
crop (subject to change without notice), are aa
follows: 00- lb boxes — Loose Muscatel. 4-crown,
4c per lb: 3-crown. 4Uc: 2-crown. 4c: Malaga,
loose. 3-crown. 4c; 2-crown. 3%c; Thompson's
seedless. 4c: seedless Sultanas. 3'-ic: Seedless
Muscatels. 3>4c: do floated, ri'jc; Seeded Rais
ins. 16-ox ' cartons, fancy. 5Hc: choice. 6%cr
12-oz cartons, fancy. 4*4c: choice. 4%c; In
bulk, fancy. 5}4c; choice. . 5c; Imperial clus
ters. $3; Dehesa, $2 50; fancy. S2; London
Layers. 3-crown. $1 35; 2-crown. $1 25..
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softsh'll. 13HO14c:
No. 2 im<B12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13ftl3%c:
No. 2, ll@HV4c: Almonds, ll%e for Nonpa
reils, ll%c for J X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 9Hc for Languedoc; Peanuts. *'fr"c for
1 Eastern: Pecans. 11913c: Cocoanuts. $4 50Q5.
HONEY— Comb. llV4@12%c fcr white and
1 lOSIllc for amber; water white extracted. 5®
flcr light amber extracted. 4%@5c; dark,
3%64c.
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
Provisions.
Chicago reports the situation stronger, with
little r-haree In quotations. This market ro
mains as before ouoted.
I CURED MEATS — Bacon. 9%c per lb for
' heavy, 10c for light medium. 12c for light.
I 13>£o for extra light and 15<@16c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; Call-
I fornla Hams, 12«12Hc; Mess Beef.- $10^
j 10 50 cer bbl: extra Mem. $11011 60; Family.
I $12-512 50; prime M»ss Pork. $14; extra clear, :
: $23; Mess. $17 50; Dry Salted Pork. 9%c: Pl«
I Pork. $26; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 14o
! per lb.
; LARD — Tierces quoted at 6*4c per lb for
compound and SHc for pure: half-barrels, pure.
I S»;c; 10-lb tins, OUc; 3-lb tins, 9%c; 3-lb tins.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 8%o: three
half barrels. Ship* one tierce. 8Hc; two tierces.
8c;. five tierces. 7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %®lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9V>c: medium. S^C; light. 8c; Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and Sc for light; Stags.
Co- Salted Kip 9c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf He: dry Hides. 16c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf' 18c;> Sheepskins, shearlings, 25@3Oc each;
short Wool 40^«5c each; medium. 70®9Oe: long
! Wool. S101 50: Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
! large and $232 50 for medium. $1 25®1 75 for
1 small and SOc for Colt!". Horse Hldea. dry.
1 $1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $1®1 25
' for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins— Dry
! Mexican. 3(>c: dry Salted Mexican-. 25« dry
', Central American. 30i932&c. Goat Skins—
! Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth. 6Oc:
medium. 35c; small, 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4',iSi l jC per lb;
No 2. 3iA©4c: grease, 2!>4@3c.
\VOOI>— Spring Clip— Humboldt and Mendo
cino 17s31flc:-Fan Joaquln end Southern. 12
months', "10© 12c; do 7 months', 9@llc per lb;
Middle Counties, 13017c for free and 12®15e
for defective: Northern. lfi'SISc for free and
1 1461 tli' ff.r defective; Nevada. 13&16e. accord
¦ ins to condition.
! HOPS— Jobbing at 27>i#."»0c per lb for Call
j fomta. 1903. For crop of 1901 the nominal
quotation is 20c.
Meat Market.
All prices remain as before, with the market
I plentifully stocked and quiet.
[ DRESSED MEATS. ;
I Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
I are aa follows:
I BEEF— «@7c for Steers and 5®6c per lb
I for Cows.
: VEAL— Large. 5«?7c; small. 7Vi@9c per lb.
i MUTTON— Wethers, C^^'C; Ewes. 5%S6^c
I per lb.
' LAMB— 7<BSc per lb. . "
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 6>4est4c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
; Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50
, per cent for shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7mgHV4c; Cows and Helf
\ ers. 6H^7c; thin Cows. 4<&5c per lb.
; CALVES — JfMHe prr lb (gross weight).
j SHEEP— Wethers. 3U83^c; Ewes. 2%@3o
1 per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 25<U2 50 per head.
I HOGS — Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. Re:
2CO to 250 lbs. 4 He; over 250 lbs. 4Vtc; acft
> Hogs, nominal; Sown 20 per cent off; Boars.
j 60 per cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent off from
I above quotations.
j General Merchandise.
I BAGS — Grain Bags. S'fec spot and 5%c June
[ July; San Quentln. $5 40; Wool Bags. 32935c;
Fleece Twine. 7(gSc.
j COAL — Wellington $8 per ton; New Welling-
I ton. $S; Seattle. $¦! 50; Bryant. $R 50: Beaver
j Hill. $5 00; Stanford. $7; Roslyn. $T: Coos
i Bay, $5 50; Greta $7: Wallsend. $7; Richmond,
$7 50: Cumberland. $13 in bulk and $14 23 in
) sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
i Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump.
I $11 50: Cannel. $8 50 per ton: Coke. $11 50013
' per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and $12 80
I per long ton according to brand.
j OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5c; Linseed, 49c per gallon for boiled and
! 47c for raw; Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1. 70c;
1 Bakers' AA. $1 1001 12; Lucol. 45c for boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut. 60@7Oo p«r gallon;
Cocoanut Oil in barrels, 58c for Ceylon and 55o
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil, <;*c: natural winter Sperm Oil, 63c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 57c; natural What*
i Oil, 52c; extra winter strained Lard OH, 75c:
No 1 Lard Oil. 65c; pure Neatsfoot Oil, 73c;
No 1 Neatsfoot Oil, 63c; light Herrins; Oil.
42c: dark Herring Oil. 4Qc; Salmon Oil. 34c;
boiled Fish Oil 37c; raw FUh Oil. 33c; boiled
Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint OH. 31c.
COAL OIL— Is %c lower. Water White
Coal Oil. in bulk. 13%c: Pearl Oil. In cases, 2Oc;
Astral. 20c; Star. -20c: Extra Star. 24c; Elaine.
26c: Eocene. 23c: Deodorized Stove -Gasoline, in
bulk lCc; in cases. 224c; Benzine, in hulk.
13c; 'in cases, 19ftc: 86-degree Gasoline, In
bulk 25c: In cases, 31c.
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon In cases and
75c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. IVi®
l\c per lb; White Lead. 7>ti©7%c. according
to quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.95c;
Powdered. 8.80c; Candy Granulated. 5.80c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.70c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
S 70c- Fruit Granulated, 5.70c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only).. 5.60c; Confectioners'
A 5 70c; Magnolia A 5.30c; Extra C. S.20c;
Golden C. 6.10c; "D. 5c: barrels. 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more: boxes. 60c more; 3O-lb
bags 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels 6.20c; boxen. 6.45c; H. A E. Crystal
Domlnos, 8.70c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
TOR THURSDAY. JUNE 9.
Flour, qr sks .. 3.425 Pelts. No. .... 30
Wheat, ctls .... 1.2X4 Hides. No. .... 420
Barley, ctls .... l.O^S Leather, rolls .. 34
Heans sks ..... 288 Lime, bbls .... 736
O-n "ctls ..... 744 Paper, reams .. 645
Potatoes sks .. l.ftOOi Powder, cs .... COO
Or-ons, eks ... 1,5221 CMcory. bbis .. 23
Bwn, sks 2051 Wine, gala .... 23.175
Middling*, sks..- SCO Quicksilver, flka. 50
Hay. tons .... 811 Screenings, sks.. 200
Wool, bales ... 10ti| j
SHEKP — RWHtHv 51000; th«f- market for
sheep and lambs was steady. Good to choice
wethers, $5®S .10; fair to choice mixed. $:t 75
Qfi; Western sheep. $4 2.1SJS 15: shorn Western
lambs. $5 3O0« 80; Western lambs, $5&7 65.
CHICAGO, June 9. — CATTLE — Receipts.
7P0O: market strong. Good to prime steers,
$5 PO^fl 30; • poor to medium. $4 75«55 50;
storkem and feeders. $3WI W); cows, ?1 75®
4 75; heifers. $2 . r i0<95 35: canners", $1 75W
2 75; bulls, $2 23&I SO: calves, $2 50@5 «5;
Texas fed steers. $4 7. r >#5 95.
HOGS — Receipts to-day 21,000, to-morrow
20.0O0: murket steady. Mixed and butchers','
$4 75i91 OS: good to ' choice heavy." ft fi6$>Ki
rotiph heavy, - $4 lOtU 00; light. «4 <(5«4 S5;
bulk of snles. $4 00.
Chicago Cattle, Sheep and Hogs.
CHICAGO. June ».— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady;
creameries. 13i«@17^c: dairies. ll%ei(^;.
EaRh steady for good and weak for ordinary
receipts; at mark, cases included, 1 1'iJi l.iUc.
Cheese easy. 7!4ffSc.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs,
y
NEW YORK. June 9.— The light specula
tion fir an advance in prices which was in
evicer.ee yesterday was somewhat discouraged
j to-day and gave little show of enthusiasm.
Thr poor market afforded for taking profits
yesterday afternoon served to discredit the
; ui>v.ard movement. London gave some upward
ji Impulse to prices early In tne day an-1 took
I stocks here until they reached th» London
I parity, when the foreigners turned sellers again.
I London was said to be somewhat disappointed
! over the failure to reduce the discount rate
of the Bank of England. But the statement
ot the l>auk left no room for anxiety over tho
financial situation In London: The sterling
rate ea»ed oft" her*, although an additional con
signment of $2.«J7.OW) in Japanese gold arriving
at Fan Francisco was made available to New
York bank reserves by telegraph. The result
is something like a redundancy of capital at
the great financial centers of the world, with
a corresponding apathy of speculative and even
of investment demand which seems to point
to a world-wide cause. Here In New York the
halt in the advancing tendency of prices throws
the market back into an arwthetlc condition.
There was further discussion of the strthttlr-jr
of iprG.lu<uion and consumption of iron, which
made their appearance yesterday Just before the
clote ol the stock market. The shrinkage In
conjunction in iron Is so generally accepttd
as highly significant of business conditions in
general that the discussion was bound to have
soir.e Influence on speculative sentiment. The
New York Central's slatement of May gross
earnings, showing a falling off of $:»2.500. or
more than 5 per cent of the previous year,
was a reminder -of an unpleasant fact In the
situation. An opinion is held that the May
statement of net earnings may show the bene
fit of measures of retrenchment not yet re
flected in any statements published. The
question of labor troubles was kept In evidence
by the . maintenance of the vessel men's
strike on the lakes, the strikes ordered of
marine firemen in the crwstwise trade and the
course of events In Colorado.
Ther«! was some Investment absorption of
m-ell-secured bonds, but weakness among
speculative issues made the price movement
lrr«ru!ar. Total sales, par value, $1,080,000.
United Stat"» 2- declined >4 per cent on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks Salf*. High. Low. Close.
! Atchison 9.S0O 70*S 70 7O«4
Atchison pM 300 <M\ 93^4 93H
Baltimore & Ohio.. 1.300 79>.i 78% 78%
Bait is. Ohio pfl '•»*••
Canadian Pacific... 400 113% 118 USH
Cen cf New Jerif-y 159,
Chesapeake & Ohio 30H
Chicago * Alton... GOO 2SV4 36% 38
1 Chi & Alton pfl 8O14
j Chi Great Western. 1.100 13Vi 13 13ft
Chicago A N W... -1.100 170H 1C»4 170
i Chi. Mil A St Paul 3.200 141H 140 141«i
; C. M * St P pfd.. 176H
j Chi Term & Trans C
Chi T A T pfd 14
C. C. C & St Louis CS
Colorado Sotitht-rn. 1,500 15^ 15 14%
Colo South 1st pfd "4SH
Colo South 2d pfd. 100 19% 10% lS«i
Delaware & Hudson 100 154'i 154% 154%
Del Lack & We«t. 100 2C9 2C3 2Cfl
Denver & Rio 0 19',4 .
Den A R'o O pfd.. «00 C9 fiSH fijjti
»ie '. 5.100 24H 23»i 24
Trie 1st pM 1.000 5RU 57*4 '>"%
Erie 2d pfd 100 35 33 31Vi
Hocking Valley 200 C3 «3 «3
Hocking Va! pfd... 100 W% 80% 80
mir.ols Central 129U
Towa CPntral 200 ie»4 10 10
Iowa Central pfd 32
K C Southern 19U
K C Southern pfd .. 100 37»i 37'j 37%
Louis * Nash 300 If* 10S 10*
Manhattan L 800 144% 144% 144^
Metropolitan Sees 78^i
Metropolitan Rt Ry 400 111 110»i 110»;
Mex Cent «%
Minn & St Louis.. 2<V) 43>,4 43 43
M. PtPifiSM.. COO C2 61% Gl%
M.StP A SSM pfd 110
Missouri Paciflc R00 90% »0% 90%
Mo. Kan & Texas. 300 in 16 - 15U
M. K & T pfl 34',j
Nt! R K Mex pfd 35'4
New York Central. 300 U5H 114% U5',I
Norfolk & Western. 100 64 '4 54% 54 H
Nor & W«t pfd 85
Ontario & Western. 2.R00 24% 24% 24%
Pennsylvania . ' 114%
P C. C «.- St Lcuis 56
Reading 2,200 46% 4Chi 46*4
P.pari-.ng let pfd 100 8IM1 8H4 ¦ f\V,
Rcad!r«r 2d pM UA r,T,H C5 f.%%
Hock Island Co . 400 2054 20'i 20'^
Rork I^an4 Co pf«J 300 «4'i C3H C3&4
FtL ft SF 24 pfd.. 100 43'i 43'/j 43
Pt L',ula S W 11
St Lnuis S W pfd.. 700 29 ¦ 29 2«'i
Potithern Pacific... 4,400 4C% 4014 4B^4
Vouthem Railway.. 1,400 20'4 20% 20^4
Southern Ry pfd.. 2f>0 M14 83>i R3
Texas t Pacific lf>0 21 21 20%
T, St L A W 100 23% 23% 23
T. StL&Wpfd.. 101) 3G«£ M',4 :&K
fnicn Pacific 8,900 R4% Kt% 84'4
fn'on Pacific pfd../ 300 02»i 82H - 92>4
Wabavh 10
WabsKh pfd •' 100 34 34--J4 34%
WhteMng A L E 14
Wisconsin Central. 100 16>'i 1C^ 10%
WlHton-in Cent pfd. 100 37>,» 37>i 37
Exprers Companies —
Atfams .... 225
American e -¦ .... 181
I'nitrd Ptate» 103
Wells-Fargo 203
, Miscellaneous —
Amtl Copper 13.200 49>4 4RT' 4014
Amtr C A F 1,200 17>A 17 16V4
Amer CAT pfd /. .... ..... 70
Amrr Cot Oil ... .- .... 23U
Amer Cot Oil pfd.. s«
Amer Ice ........... r>f. .,.. ..... 6%
Amer Ice pfd • 2fiT4
Amrr Lin Oil - 714
Amer Lin Oil pfd 23
Amer Loco " -300 19«J m ¦*'I«W
An-.er Loco pfd ¦/>¦•¦ SO'A
Amer S A R :.. 4.400 /Sv» 5K KH{
Amer HAH pfd... -4,900 0774 !ifiit
Amrr Kug Rer . 100 126 126 12.-114
Anaconda Min Co " ..; > i\'.
Rrock Rap Tran... 1,000 47< 8 4«« 4QV.
Col Fuel & Iron... 200 " 29 - 2T) ' «R«
Consol Gaa 000 183 188% 1K9'
Corn 'Prod -..'.. jou
Corn Prod pfd '..... "#a •
Distillers' Secnr .. • 500 '20 1914 19
Gen Electric 100 i:»i;«4 i.vj'i l.v;
Inter Paper JO14.
InterPepcr pfd.:;. ...... t;7
New York Stock Market.
T Ttio private K*w York wire* of Mitchell.
Mnlc&ny & Co. > e*tor<iaj- said that th«- pen
«ral feeUn« in Wall rtrwt 1* bullii-h and that
earn* operiOors exi>«t a rally in *tocU* aft«r
the two political conventions are^ out of tne
»ir. as Uiere is a good -demand for J-mrt*
\»hl<-h u«j*Jly pre^des a good demana lor in»
l.Mt*r cla»s cf stocks, and the wuster tone in
Hterling Exchange i* quietini; fears of go'<J
uponF to I»ndon. Besides, monf? is eas> all
over the world and the professional W^-nt <»
rot «> k»«-n in wiling as a ¦ hort v . t i me 1 ,f fch
Th-rr are erveraJ tenures, j *°*'>\ T - *,^, ¦
militate *c»ir,rt any pronounced bull «8»UXB.
Ttie Iron Ag« niports unfavorable f" 11 '- 1 '!;""
ia the imn and steel trad*, and 1 the cntt^n
crop, thoush «t promise* a larre oje Id Ur*
\rclu£ ilnV the ATtan— R«VM- flooding
tliousands of lowland . a/ros. Russian 'K> r ;«
"r^tTTower. but the Japanese issues are un
t hanged.
Oregon Crop Bulletin.
Tho report of Edward A. Beals, section -di
rtcttr. t£tte4 States Weather Bureau, for
{..?Oregon Crop Bulletin for th« week ended
* Ii: 7hr''rarT^ £ durtn^ S tne J"™ part of the , -or-k
v^ere nmrlv an<1 very beneficial, but In tM
! JSnameTu .Valley and a few other l«»ntiA
mm rain is needed for late crops and mead
°*FRil wheat and barley are heading nicely,
• n« the fwt-fl wheat In Umatllla OBOB^^"
improving and will probably turn out better
hiVei^d In Dasco County there are nu
™n/cut for 'bay." t»* >*« ld» J" t*> th ™*** bc '
ir Ra^;Vand e SS^ to «cellent ccm d.tion.
itndthe Sow ot milk in the dairy ?»« trt ; ts .^"l
pSSaif are free from vermin and the Mm.
fcHrawtcrrufare pVntiful and their quality
In >"™ fSod Cherrle, ere ripening, and
IrtTlf- ThJ^tove suffered conald^abie dinist
rr-n. !r«t and cold ralnR. the y.eld will be
'Irerr •*!* expected .ariifr in the season.
are more numrroua than usual.
Weather Report.
<12Oth Meridian— Pacific Timf .)
S*N FUAXCISCO. June- ft^5 i»- m.
X*«e fr>il'.»wrftir maximum and minimum teir
peratures are reporwd for the preceding day
from Eastern cities:
r, «tnn 4VV-B0J New Orleans S<V74
mu^MonrOU ...,.**--<> Washington ••••••i^
p t . Louf 70-^|New York .^-C0
THE COAST KLXTORD. _^
6TATIONS. r 5a 33 •.'v E
7 5" £ ? ? e
; = c • '. ¦ '. "
Baker 29.^"* »35 46 N Pt.Cldy .00
Carson... 29. K! 76 44 SW Clear .IK» '
Kureka 30.26 F* 60 N Clear .CO |
Fresno 29.S2 100 »» NE Clear .«W |
fi. C. FaraUen.29.99 54 50 NW Clear .00
J*l*gilaft 29. S^) 7« 34 SW .Clear .00
PocattUo 29.60 7S 52 S Clear .00
Independence .2&.7S IK) «0 VT Clear .00
Los Ar.gel»s...29.84 S2 56 W Clear .00
Mt Taraalr«-ts.23-'98 75 Cl • W Clear -<O
North Head... 30.14 69 48 W. Cloudy .20 1
Phoerix 2a. 70 100 6« SW Clear .00
Pt Reye« Lt. .29.90 65 49 NW Clear .00
Portland SO. 12 «6 M W Ciouilr Tr.
Red BtuS 29. fA 84 6« W Clear .00
Roseburg .....',0.22 t6 48 NtV Pt.Cldy .00
Racramcnto ..29.S6 S6 CO S Clear .00
Fait Lake 29. K8 76 £2 FW Clear .0t»
6an Franci»co.2».93 M 51 W ' Clear .00
Fan L. Obi»po.29 . f»2 M> 42 N Clear .00
Pan Dleco £».S8 70 62 W Clear .CO
Seattle 20.08 €2 48 SW Cloudy .01
Spckane 2».6t (3 M fiW Pt.Cldy .00
Tttuosh R0.08 60 40 SW Cloudy ..HO
Wall* Walla., 29. 83 "* 46 FW Cloudy .00
Winnesiacca .29.80 84 42 NW Cloudy .00.
Yuma 29.70 104 tS SW Clear .00
Jfc*CATHEK CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Tfc« pr«««nre has risen «loirty along the Ore
reti coa« and has fallen over the intermoun
tair «e<:tic!J.
S!iower» have occurrrd in Wathirgton, but
rlsewhere oa the Pacific Coa?t fair weather
prc-a 1 . m.
Iht temperature has risen about 12 degrees 1
over Utah tsti fallen about 10 decrees in Ore
gon.
The following high Kinds are reported:
Point Rjv«a. "0 mile*, from the northwest;
Southeast FsraJlon. 42. northwest; Eureka, 84,
north, and Wlnnenrucca, SO, northwest.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hour* ending midnight, June 10:
Northern California — Fair Friday; continued
warm weather la the Interior; light northerly
winds inland,, fresh northwest winds on the
coa*t.
Southern California, — FWr Friday; light west
erly wind.
Nevada— Fair Friday; brisk to tith north
wm wind.
Saa Francisco anfi vicinity — Fair Friday;
light southerly wind, changing to brisk west
erly. A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
Fruit and W heat Bulletin.
For the fxenty-four hours ending 5 p. m.,
120lh meridian, San Francisco, Jar.e 9:
3 $ 3 2? „?
8 2 3 t | =
STAINS. |c ? = % J g
: : % \ if
: —j.
Cloverdale »fl 61 .... Clear .00
Colusa 01 M Clear .(¦€»
Eureka r.<J .10 N Clear .00
Fresno 1M trt NE Clear .CO
Hanford *..... »S 74 Clear .f<0
Hollister t>« 44 Clear ,«0
Indeptnd»«c«) - 00 t0 W Clesr .CO
King City'... no 4S N Clear .00
Lf\-emore ......... R9 CO ..., Clear .(«
Lo* AngeJrs Ki 60 W Clear .00
Merced .,, W 4S .... Clear .00
Napa ..-»,- "" f-0 FW Clear .Ort
Newcastle 7 ...'. 100 75 CaJm Clear .00
NVwman..', 100 ft!» Cl.-ar .00
I'alermo 10<l C9 Clear .00
I'ortervlUe/ ...^ f»S «C NW Clear .00
Hed Eluft-lV. .....:. 9t CO W Cleat .00
Itlvn side I... ....... 9H M .... C\*%r .00
Sacramento ........' W 66 fi Clear .00
Kan Di«M»-.... 70 «2 W Clear .00
Pan FrmDTTseo '.'..... <M 62 W Clear .O0
Ken .To»e -. M 4» Clear .«V>
Ran Lulit Oblspo «0 42 N Clear .(«)
f-"»nt» Rosa «7 4S • Clear * .00
Stockton .'..... W» ,CA .... Clear ..00
Willows u ...:.•..... SJ2 61 • .... Clear .00
WEATHER AKD CROP CONDITK>N8.«
Mercrd — Harvesting some places; quality
poor; average half crop apricots; ripening fruit
Vrntrptdjt good. , . •
r '.!uf» — K.ari'r will be about half crop.
— Hay about aU harvested;, medium 1
crop; mooO- <rnaiity. ¦ ;*-..-
NEW YORK, June 9.— Close — Money on call
was easy. Highest, IVi per cent; low*-st, 1;
ruUn? rate, 1"*; last loan. 1U: closing bid,
1: offered, l\i. Time loans were easy and
dull, with sixty and ninety days at 2&2VS per
cent and fix months at 3@3^4 P er cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 3f t (g4H per cent. Sterling
exchange was fairly steady, with actual busi
ness In bankers' bills at **.«7CO for demand
and at $4.K57U for sixty-day bills. Posted
rates. $4 S*3Q4 804 and $4 *S©4 S8V4- Com
ni^nial bills, $4 85«». Bar sil\-er. 55^c. Mex
ican dollars, 44 He. Bonds — G-rvernments,
easier: railroads. IrreKular.
Nezv York Money Market.
CHICAGO. June 9.— Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour, steady;- No. 2 spring wheat,
»5fi-97c; No. 3. R««*l»5c; No. 2 red. $1<» 04^1 03;
Nd. 2 corn, 48*4©4«Hc; No. 2 yellow, 50%@
604c; No. 2 oats. 41ftc; No. 3 white. 4H<,(&«
4tc; No. 2 rye. "5c; good feeding barley, 38©
42c; fair to choice malting. 45®50c; No. 1
flexaeed, $1: No. 1 Northwestern, $1 07; prime
timothy seed, $2 95; mess pork. per bbl,
$12 05@12 10; lard, per 100 Ibo. $6 52%©6 55;
nhort ribs sides (Ioosp), $8 75(9>7: short clear
sides (boxed), $•) 75@7: whisky, basin of high
wires, $1 28; clover, contract grade, $10 75.
Articles — .. Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 28.300 14,900
Wheat, bu ' 36,300 37,000
Corn, bu 401,500 124,700
Oate, bu 131.200 98.700
Rye. bu 3,000 1.50O
Barley, bu • 77.500 1,200
Cash Grain and Provisions.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Wcil'Strcct Tips.
Hollister — Hay crop about same aa last year.
very flr.e quality. ¦ . • ¦
HivcT£ld« — Water eurply promising good.
Stockton— Grain ripening rapidly; apricots
ripening, of fair quality.. ' r '
Palermo — Prune crop promising good.
S*in Jose — Valley grain very good; . ripening
fast. • " ¦ ¦
LJvermore — Barley heading; will begin first
of week. " . ; • • i . Y
Nrwman — Conditions unchanged., __,'.•
Hanford — Grain doing- '• nicely; . fruit crop
»ro<-)d. ripening fast • •• • .' ¦ v -
King City— Harvesting progressing rapidly.
Willow* — Damage by wind was overesti
mated: weather better. .
I PortTvllle — Northwesterly wind.
Santa Rosa — Crop conditions unchanged from
last report.
Clove rdale — Warm weather; fine for fruit.-
A. O. McADIE. Section Director. •
National Lead .... 3,100 21% 21 31
Inter Pump 30%
Inter Pump 70
North American ...' 88*4'
Pacific Mail ."...- 25
People's Gas 951;
Press Steel Car 1100 27% 28% 20%
Press Steel Car pfd '300 C9tt 69 Cd
Pull Pal Car .... 211
Repub Steel 100 6Vi 6*4 . 8»i
Hepub Steel pfd ;.„ ../.-• 38-
Rubber Goods .... : 15 •
Rubber Goods pfd 7514
Ten Coal A Iron... 100 33% 33% 34
U. S. Leather 1,200 7 .-7- ¦ -6%
U. S. Leather pfd.. 2.000 81Vi 80% 81%
U. S. Realty ' S00 0% 6% 0%
IT.- S. Realty pfd... 100 6.8% - 58% ; 584
U. S. Rubber 200 16% 1C% 16
U. fe\ Rubber pfd... .....; . ... .... 64%
U. S. Steel 800- 9% »" V
IJ. S. Steel pfd lr.000 54% 63% 53%
Vest Electric ..... r 200 154ft 154% 154
vVe»t Union 200 87 . 80% 88%
Tota I sales ..142.900 shares. '
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO;
NEW YORK, June 9.— No bond transactions
to-day.
• AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
bid 4, asked 4 % : preferred. > bid
JSS }£.¦ -asked 39%.
. ' NEW YORK BONDS.
U r5. r f f 2 »>*--104% L &. N unified '48.101%
' £r 5°upon...:.l«5' Wan ton gold 4s. 103%
Do 3s reg 105% Mex Cent 4a 61%
-Do coupon w- Do- 1st lnc 12 &
Do new 4s rog.132% Minn & St L 4s.. 00
Do coupon... ..132% M K A Texas Is. 9S%
Do old 4s ref.ioe>.i Do 2ds ......... 77 i
po coupon loevi nr of Mex con 4s 74
£ B 'Jl ** 101 % NYC gen 8%s..l00
A , D o*dJ 4s 91% N J C gen 5s. ...132
AUantlc C L 4s. 95% Nor Pac 4s 104U
¦Bal-4 Ohio 48...W1TJ Do 3s ...73^
Do 3% B ....... 95% Nor A W con 4s. 99%
Central of Ga,5s.lO8< OSL 4s & partic. 05%
-t. D o 1st inc. . . . . 72 Pa conv a%s ©5^
Ches & Ohio 4-Us.lO4% Reading gen 4s...l00U
ht * Alton ,3%s. 79 S L & I M con 5s.ll4%
¦^'»? ¦* Q ncw S L & S F fg 4s. 81%
WH i!,,? P * u 4sl 9 9^ Pt Louis SW lsts. 92%
C & N\\ con 7i.l271* Seaboard A L 4s.. 70
•K R J £ Pac GS % So Paclflc 4s .... 90
r ? l ' 6s ---- 78^« s o Railway 5s.. ..116%
•%S' < L & SL * n *¦¦ " Tex & Pac 1«U..116H
Chi Term 4s 73 T. St L & W 4s. 70
, Conn. Tobacco ,4s. 61% Union Paclflc 4s. 105«4
Colo & So 4s $2 Do conv 4s 97%
-C F & I con 6s. ti»% XJ S Steel 2d 5s.. 74.
•Den &. Rio G 4s. flfl% Waba*h tste ..... 116
Erie prior lien 4s. 99 Do deb B 67
; _Po gen 4» Shhi W & L Erie 4s... 89%
F W.ft D C lsts.104% WIs Cent 4s .... 90
Hock Va* 4%s .'•.-. 107% ' -
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS. ?4 ;
Adams Con 20| Little Chief ..... 05
Alice 20| Ontario ,. 3 5ft
Breece 101 Ophlr 4 00
Bruns Con 14| Phoenix 09
Com Tunnel 09 Potosl 15
Con Cal & Va. .. 1 35 Savage 22
Horn Silver 1 33J Sierra Nev 37
Iron Silver 1 80 Small Hopes .... 15
Leadville Con.... 021 Standard :... 2 00
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— I XTnlted Fruit ....111
Call loans 2H©.1%| Westing Common. 77
Time loans ...3'.*S4fc;l Mining—
Ronds — I Adventure 1 U
Atehison 4s 10O%| Allouez 5%
Do adj 4a Dd% 1 Amal Copper 4n«
Mex Cent 4s 5£Hil Amer Zinc 9H
Railroads— I Atlantic 8
Atchison "f>i;' ningham 20%
Do pfd 9."5%! calumet & Hecla.44«
Boston * Albany. 23f)»; | Centennial 1!»
I'ostoT Elev 14* I Copper Range;.... 41*4
Fitchburg pfd 133 m Daly Went .... •>*
M*>x <'entral 6%l Dom Coal CB
N Y; N H & H.tlSS«il Franklin 7
Ppre Marquettc... 765i!Grancy n%
Union Pacinc. .. 84HU(!ie Royal* ..:...' 7U
Miscellaneous— Mac* Mining SU
Amer Arge rhem. ISHlMirhlgan .-{it
Do pM 73 I Mohawk SO't
Amer Tr.eu Tube. 4UlMont Coal A Coke 314
Amer Sugar 12H«4loid Dominion ... 12%
Do pfd 125 IOse"eola ns
Amer Til & Tel.l2i> | Parrot 24
Amer Woolrn ... lO^rQuincy go
. Do Pfd 74 (Shannon .'"! (Jii
Dom Ir^n AS... 8 I Tamarack M
• Kd Elfct Ilium.. ZH I Trinity 3^
Ofn K!«Ptrip ....lr.C T TT S Mining ...'. 1J>%
: Maos Kloctrlc ' • u S Oil pii
Mass Gas .IJlHfrtah 3->"2
I'n Shoe Mach... 4ST4) Vtrtorla .. .. 2K
r. 1^ 0^ WijWlnona , 5%
P B Steel «% Wolverine 71"
j Do rfd 54 I
London Closing Stocks.
¦ .... • ' . - ¦ _ . -. - : i
Cons money 00 7-ir.|x y Central 11S74 ¦
; Da acct 90 9-1RI Nor & WVstem... M
Anaconda 3« Do pM «» 1
Atchison 72HjOnt & Western.!. 25U
Do pfd 95»; I Pennsylvania .. rsv.
nal & Ohio "ml Hand' Mine* . lou !
Can Pacific 12141 Reading " xvl
Chen & Ohl/> 31 | Do lot nfd " 41 U
Ch! Great West.. 111,1 Do 2<1 pfd rt !
Chi. Mil & St P. 14.% ISo Railway .'. 21
De Bf-ern 1fli;| Do pfd • ftSU-J
Drn & nioO.... 2«%ISo Pacific ....'..'. 4 7 «
-""P™ "« lt;nlon Paciflc' 8fi«;
Er ' e • • 24U| Do cM 94 K ¦
Do 1st rfd 59% U S Stwl nu
Do 2d pfd 35H Do pfd .' B nw,
III Central m |\V»ha B h jnZ 1
lf u l? & Na»h...liom Do pfd Rr, I
M. K & Texas.... 16%! Spanish 4s 85 I
Bar Mver— Steady. 25 9-IGd per ounce. 1
Money— 2^2'i per cent.
•wt* i?M e *J f d .'?/ c « u , ntln the "P" 1 market for
mo°n r ! b s^ 1 b'lnl'l 1 ll g . 2 6 g r r per C^ent and fOT
Condition of the Treasury;
WASHINGTON. June 9.-To-day- 8 state
? « ° j Treasury balances In the gen
eral fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold re-
M a?.i V d L Vl l'°P of re<lem Ptlon. show..:
f«586OT548* balance. |16«,139,020; gold.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. June 9.— COTTON— Futures
closed steady; June. 11.63c; July 11 6.1c-
Au ,f"»t. »-" c: September. 10.10c: October;
9..'Jc; November. 9.70c; December 9.72c- Jan
uary. 9.7Xe. Spot closed quiet ' 20 Dolnts
higher. Middling Uplands, 11.90c- do Gulf
I 12.15c. Sales. 25 bales. '
A^io York Grain and Produce.
i.,*£ W i. TO ? Kl Junc °— FLOUR-Receipts.
U..00 t barrels; exports. 700 barrels. The
market was dull and barely steady I
WHEAT— Receipts. 13,000 bushels; spot was I
easy; No. 2 red, nominal elevator and |1 12V4 .
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, *1 07 '
f;.?' , v" t; « No - * i" ard Manitobk. nom
inal f. o. b. afloat. Options had a firmer
openlnz on rain In the Southwest and bullish
French cables, but^for the rest of the ses
sion acted rather weak under liquidation This
was Impelled by a bearish Kansas State re
port, closing down of Minneapolis mills and
prospects for hit Indian shipments. Last
prices were M,Q%c net lower. July. 9lT ic .
C .°"X.» i at 9 £ C: Se P tember - 84%«?S5 3-10c; closed
M^M^c; December. 83 ll-16@84?6c; closed at
HOPS— Steady!
HIDES— Steady-.
WOOL— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Easy.
BLT 7o K J^ St ' ady: cre amery. common to
?J3™- , ll> ® I8^ c : State dairy, common to extra
lSfilTHf. . ',
. CHEESE— Kasy. Statff full creams, small
umFtnSig. Wcst " n •««•'"%««»<»:
SUGAR— Raw, steady. Fair refining. Sftc;
centrifugal, nr, test. 3T4e; molasses ougar, 3Uc :
refined, utendy; crushed, B.COc; powdered He
granulated. 4.90c. '
COFFEE— Spot, steady. No. 7 Rio. 7c
FRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues quiet, with buyers Indifferent. Com
mon are quoted at 435c; prime, Hy t <8S%c
choice. CifOVic. and fancy, 7c. "WW71O.
PRUNES— Are rather easy, tor , future de
livery, but the spot market shows no mate
rial change, being quiet and somewhat unset
tled. Quotations range from 2&o to 5»ic ac
cording to grade. / ¦ , v '* '
APRICOTS— Are moving out slowly In small
lotw, but with supplies light, prices being well
maintained. Choice are quoted at 9H®10c
extra choice. I0',i«10%c. and-fancy. ll©13c. *
I'EACHES — Are cleaning up fxetty well so
far as local stocks are concerned, and show
some firmness, with choice quoted at ?@7iic*
extra choice, 7',J&8e, and fancy, 0VS@10c. '
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, June 9.— London cabled a de
cline In tin. with spot Ss lower at £121 12s
ed and futures 10s lower at £120 17b fid. Thla
showing and the continued light demand weak
ened the local market. . which closed easy at
$20 OO©28 85. • • . "' l
Copper declined 6s • in I»ncion, closing at
£68 0s for spot and futures. The market
locally was quiet and a little lower, with
lake quoted at 12.75c. electrolytic at 12 62V,®
12.87>4o and casting at 12.37%@12.50c
Lead was steady at £11 13s Od in London
and was also unchanged locally, where it
closed at 4.2«@4.35c.
Spelter wan unchanged In New York at
4.15@4.87%c and at £21 15s In London. -
Iron closed at 01s 6d in Glasgow and at
42s 9d in Mlddlesbom. Locally. , Iron Is un
changed. No. 1 foundry. Northern. $14 60<a
15: No. 2 do. $14014 50; No. 1 foundry. South
ern and Southern soft, $13 25@13 75.
I'lf iron warrants are quoted at $0 12^j. "
Arrival of 5.600,000 Gold Yen from Japan-/
Silver yic higher. No variation in Exchange.
Wheat and Barley Futures decline under large selling:
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged. Feedstuff s firm.
Hay weak,' with no demand for the new crop arrivals.
Beans and Seeds quiet at previous prices.
Potatoes and Onions firm and selling well.
Poultry in ample supply and moving oft slowly.
Good Puget Sound demand for Deciduous Fruits.
Butter steady, Cheese zveak and Eggs unsettled.:
Honcx crop reported turning out poorly in the south.
Xo improvement in the Provision markets'
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs still coming in freely.
Coal Oil marked down l / 2 c per gallon. ~-.\U
Wall-street Stocks steady and Cotton higher.
Sudden activity in the Tonopah Mining Stocks.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CHICAGO, June 0.— The Wheat market
showed considerable firmness at the start, due
to wet weather In sections of the Southwest
where harvesting is in progress. Firmness of
foreign markets, especially at Paris, helped to
create a bullish sentiment. OD&ning sales
were at an advance of a shade to %c at 87c to
&7@87%c. The price-soon rose to 87%*. Later
there were dispatches from Tennessee stating
that cutting of wheat had commenced and
would be 'general the beginning of the coming
week. It was intimated that the crop would
be the largest in years. With the area of
harvesting operations extending dally, wheat
traders began to realize that the. new wheat
would Boon bo coming on the market. ¦ With
this end in view, many traders were disposed
to take. the selling side. Numerous favorable
reports as to crop prospects In general brought
out selllnc orders, from nome of the large,
holders. The Kansas State report was quite
bearish, showing the condition of. wheat June
1 to be 87, against 82 last month; Advices
from the soring whtat territory told. of con
tinued Improvement in crop conditions. Pre
dictions were ¦¦ reiterated that the Government
crop^report, which Is to be issued to-morrow,
would be exceedingly bearish regarding spring
wheat. ¦ In the face 6f these influences buying
lacked vim, . and prices steadily declined. "A
rally occurred Ju«t before the close on cover-'
ing by shorts, but the market still retained'an
easy- tone. After selling ott ; to 86%c - July
closed at 86%c. \ .
Wet weather had a bullish effect on the corn
market early in the day. and moderate ad
vances over yesterday's closing quotations were
realized. After selling bnween 48%c and
40%c, j u iy dosed at 48%e'49o. . .
Oats were extremely dull and held within a
narrow ranee. After-opening unchansfd to a
shade higher at 39%©>39»ic, July sold between
3U%@3l>%c and 39 %c, and, closed at 3»%c. j
• Provisions were firm bn covering by i shorts
and on buying by. packers. The impression
that a Dromlnent packer. 'was short of a big
(line of ribs' tended to strengthen .the market.
September pork closed with a gain of 10c; 8ep-'
tember lard was oft:2%c,'and ribs were 2%
©5c higher. . . V,' . . , ¦' , .-.' . ,
The"l«?adlng futures ranged as follows:'
Articles. Open. High.. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2 —
July, old 88% 88% J 87%. 87%
July, new 87% 87%. 80% . 8ft%
September, old. 83 83 82% 82%
September, new,. 81% 81% 80% 80ft
¦ Cdrn, No. 2— '.- -.'¦•'
.June .%, ¦ " 48
July 49 4»% 4S% 49
September ..... 48% 48% 4Tii 48',
Oats.' No. 2—
'June ..' 41% 41% - 41% 41%
:July 30%, . 30 ft 3&% 30%
September 31 hi 31 U 80% 31%
Mess pork, per bbl —
July 12 OS 12 25 12 05 .12 10
September 12 25 12 45.12 25 12 30
Lard, per 100 lbs — -
July « 60 fl 67% 8 GO ,. 0 60
September 6 77% 0 85 -6 75 . 6 75,
• Short ribs, per" 100 lbs— : .. : ¦•¦¦ ' ' !
July «1 S7% 7 00 6 87% « 92%
September 7 10 7 20 7 10 7 12%
Future Grain and Provisions.
I Chicago Board of Trade, j
THE SAN FRANCISCC) GALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 10, 1904.
• WHEAT— Paris futures were higher, with
heavy, rains reported In France. ;
(Chicago was slightly lower, but toward the
closo there was a reaction on .the Kansas State
crop report, . which gave a condition June 1 of
At. against 82 last month and 80 last year.
The stntement was rather bullish, as the acre
age is less than last • year, and the figures In
dicate a crop of 70.000.000 bushels, or 15,000,
000 less than in 1003. ; St. Louis wired that all
Wheat and Other Grains.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15BREACH OF CONTRACT.— In the Superior
Court yesterday Henrietta Newell as assignee
ot the Holt Manufacturing Company brought
suit to recover $31,750 from Reginald Mills and
others and the Goose Nest Lumber and Trans
portation Company, the plant of which waa
equipped by the ' Holt Company. ' _ -
Barnett'a Extract of Vanilla is th*
standard everywhere. Sold by best grocers. *
H. O. Beckley, who alleges that he
was engaged as mate of the steamer
Topo before she was out of the hands
of the builders, yesterday brought suit
in the Superior Court against the boat,
her equipment and her owners, the
Bay Development Company, for $15,
000 damages for personal injuries re
ceived by the falling of a boom on the
boat on September 29, 1903. He al
leges that his back was broken. in the
accident and that he is permanently
disabled,- - •
Mate Wants Damages.
BATS.TREWIN IS A DEFAULTER.—
A warrant wai obtained from Police Judge
Mogan yesterday for the arrest of Edwin Tre
wln on a charge of misdemeanor embezzlement.
He was . a collector for • F. Bertln, dyer. 430
Bush street, and Is accused of embezzling
$42 50 on May S3. ¦ It Is alleged that hi* total
defalcation will reach a considerable sum.
What haa become of Mrs. Nagnr ? Did
her husband really buy a gas range from
S. F. Gas & Electric Co. and thus estab
lish peace at home? ¦ ,•'
The eighth annual account of John
G. Agar and Agnes M. Agar, as trus
tees of the trust created by the will of
Josenh Macdonough, was filed yester
day, i The value of the real and per
sonal property on hand on April 30
is given as $1,132,925 25, the real
estate being Inventoried at $1,060,
162 97. The rents received for the
year amounted to $72,506 03. The dis
bursements aggregated- $92,607, in
cluding $6000 in annuities and $33,000
income, distributed under provisions
of the will to Joseph and W. O'B. Mac
donough and Agnes Mt Agar.
Macdonough Estate.
Presiding Judge Kerrigan of the Su
perior Court was scheduled yesterday
to select a Grand Jury from the names
drawn . on Tuesday, but a mistake of
the bailiff in summoning the citizens
as trial jurors Instead of grand jurors
prevented the Judge from examining
them as to their qualifications as grand
jurors. He admonished those who re
sponded to appear again before him
on Tuesday next.
Grand Jury Not Drawn.
Land of the Midnight Sun, Glaciers,
and a thousand islands en route. -Jnslda
passage. Seasickness unknown. The
palatial excursion steamer Spokane will
leave Seattle. 9 a. m., June 7, 21, July 5,
19. Aug. 2. 16. For information, apply
to Pacific Coast S. S. Co.'s Ticket Offices,
4 New Montgomery at. (Palace Hotel)
and 10 i Market st. C. D. Dunann, Gen.
Pass. Agt.. San Francisco. •
Alaska Excursion!* Season 1904.
Collins said he wanted a definite re
ply, as he intended, in case the war
rant was refused, to apply to the Su
perior Court for a writ of mandamus
to compel a Police Judge to issue the
warrant. He is also considering' the
question of asking some Superior
Judge to Issue the warrant and assign
the hearing of the case to one of the
Police Judges.
Attorney George Collins, represent
ing Jean' Pon, the ostensible lessee of
the place, applied again to Judge Ca
banbss in the afternoon for a warrant
against Hutton, but was put off until
to-day, . when a final answer will be
riven.
Police Judges Cabaniss. Mogan and
Fritz informally discussed the question
of issuing a warrant for the arrest of
Police Commissioner Harry W. Hut
ton for causing the unlawful arrest of
one of the women inhabiting the
cribs at 1129 Dupont street. No def
inite conclusion was reached.
Police Judges Consult, bnt Arrive at
No- Decision — Judge Cabanlss
Will Answer To-Day.
NO WARRANT HAS ISSUED
FOR ARREST OF HUTTOX
At the last meeting of the Laborers'
Protective Union, President P. H. Mc-
Carthy and Secretary O. A. Tveitmoe
of the Building Trades Council ad
dressed the members on the good work
accomplished by the former organi
zation. Both speakers referred to the
present troubles between the mine
owners and their employes in Colo
rado and attributed the existing con
dition of affairs to the acts of the
owners. The union initiated seventeen
members and received a number of ap
plications for membership. On Sun
day, June 19, the Laborers* Protective
Union will hold its annual picnic at
Glen Park. One of the features of. the
affair will be a tug of war between
teams from the Laborers* and Hod
Carriers' unions.
The Sailors' Union at its next meet-
Ing will take a final vote on the agree
ment that has been prepared by a spe
cial committee for submission to the
Ship Owners' Association. The belief
prevails among the members of the
union that the agreement will be rati
fied for the- period of a year and that
peace between the employers and the
sailors will be insured for -another
twelve months. Reports received from
various points by the local officials
of the union indicate that shipping is
at present dull along the coast. Ac
cording to advices from San Pedro
and Honolulu the supply of sailors ex
ceeds the demand.
Sailors' Union to Take Up Terms With
Employers at Next Meeting.
WILU VOTE OX AGREE>fENT.
The Supreme Court decided yester
day in the case of the Adolph Sutro
estate that the Superior Court must
proceed with the action instituted by
Theodore Schucklng o determine the
status of each rtf the 200 alleged heirs.
Emma L. Merritt, one of the daughters
of Sutro, with certain of the claim
ants, supported Schucking, and Kate
Xussbaum, another daughter, headed
the opposition.
There is no money directly involved
in the case decided, but tne decision
settles a disagreement between the at
torneys as to the proper method of
proceeding with the distribution of the
Sutro estate. The respondents argued
that Schucking had waited longer than
the law allows to file his complaint
after the trial court had issued a for
mal order that all interested parties
file claims against the estate. The
Supreme Court holds that the law on
the subject should not be construed
in too technical a manner and that
Schucking may proceed In his suit.
Action Instituted by Schnckinjr to
Ascertain Hclrsliip of All Claim
ants Must Proceed.
SUPREME COURT EXDS '
SUTRO ESTATE DISPUTE
INSOLVENT BUTCHER.— Henry 3. Olsen. a
chicken butcher, filed a petition \n Insolvency
yeeterday In th* United States District CTUrt.
He eves $1448 and has no assets.
Jacob Barth, the stock broker, sub
mitted an affidavit showing the fluctu
ations of the stock of the Contra Costa
Water Company fcfr a number of years.
Heney read the various figures which
demonstrated that in 1899 the stork had
been quoted at from $79 to $64. but that
now it was down to $35, all of which was
due to the antagonism shown by the
Oakland Council in the matter of fix
ing rates for this year.
After a mass of figures had been
read and the present members of the
Oakland Council accused in an affi
davit of trying to ruin the company
for political reasons, the case was con
tinued until next Wednesday to enable
the attorneys to Eecure affidavits.
This morning the Spring Valley
Water Company's application, which is
a similar case.vwill be heard.
OAKLAND, June 9.— At a meeting
of the City Council this evening action
was taken authorizing the Mayor and
City Attorney to procure the affidavits
of experts employed by the Council in
gathering figures upon which it ar
rived at a valuation of the Contra
Costa Water Company's plant.
This action is made necessary by the
suit begun by the water company ask
ing for a restraining order to prevent
the Council from putting into effect
the rates adopted. The affidavits are
to' meet the figures c-ibmittcil by the
water company's experts.
The court replied that that was ex
actly the case, but the matter should
be presented in proper form.
When asked whr-sWe had taken any
part in the proceedings, Mrs. Center
said she was a stockholder in the com
pany, but now her interest had no
marketable value. ! She was undecided
whether she would take the advice of
the court regarding the filing of an
affidavit. She left the room and the
case proceeded.
During the hearing Attorney Heney
read extracts from the affidavit of L. J.
Le Conte, the well known expert enKl
neer. Mr. Le Conte estimated the value
of the company's property some time
ago and prepared a pamphlet in detail
and placed the amount at $6,455,336.
figures he did not believe would
cover the value now. as there had been
many Improvements and additional
holdings secured since he made his re
port. . *
FIGURES ARE SUBMITTED.
"Well, your Honor," she said, "I un
derstood you-to say yesterday that you
wanted all the information you could
get and I supposed this was a court of
Justice where the Injured could present
their side of the matters Involved."
JUSTICE IS DISPENSED.
There was a little surprise in the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals
yesterday during the hearing. of the
case of the Contra Costa Water Com
pany, which is seeking to restrain the
city of Oakland from putting Into ef
fect lower water rates after July 1.
While Attorney Heney was reading
certain figures on behalf of the water
company he was nudged by Mrs.
Jeanie D. Center of 2116 • Bush street,
who iiiietly requested him to give way
to her for a moment. Heney acqui
esced- and the lady said: ¦
"If it please your Honor, I would
like to address the court at this time,
as the figures which are being quoted
are not correct, for it is a fact that in
stead of the- stock being worth $35 now
it is not worth anything and has no
standing."
Judge Gilbert interrupted and said
that if she desired to make any state
ment it would be better to file an affi
davit setting forth the facts she would
like to have the court learn. /
Kelly alleges that his reputation as
a milkman and business man has been
injured and he asks for damages In
the sum of $50,000.
John Kelly, formerly a milk dealer,
yesterday filed In the Superior Cpurt
a sensational, answer to the suit of
D. A. Curtin, who seeks to recover the
sum of 51103 43 from Kelly cm . an as
signed claim from the Bay Counties
Commercial Company, which : supplied
the defendant with milk. In a counter
charge he aBks for $50,000 damages.
Kelly avers that the Bay Counties
Commercial Company has for its pur
poses ae a trust absolute restraint of
the milk trade, and has endeavored to
annoy and harass him. by the institu
tion of this action through Curtin, be-_
cause, while a milkman, he would not'
bow to and be controlled by the trust-
He alleges that the company furnished
him with milk-below the standard fixed
by the Board of v Health of San Fran
cisco and the board" declared the milk
to be dangerous and unfit for human
consumption.
At the time he entered into a con
tract with them for a nupply of milk,
Kelly avers, he was a prosperous busi
ness man, and by reason of the im
pure milk delivered by the Bay Coun
ties Commercial Company he lost his
customers and was eventually ruined.
He charges that the impure milk was
responsible for the death of the child
cf one of his customers.
Some of the strikers are getting rest
less, but they say they will avoid trou
ble and show the company they can
win without any attempts at violence.
It was rumored last night that one of
the non-union men, who does not live
at the sheds, was assaulted on his way
home.
This was incorrect. An intoxicated
man fell from the sidewalk at Fourth
and Folsom streets, cutting his scalp
so badly that when he wandered down
to the freight yards in a drunken con
dition he was sent to the hospital. He
was not employed at the sheds nor con
nected with the strikers.
The checking clerks have decided to
remain at- work, .and while they do
there is little chance of the union win
ning. Members of the union admit that,
but they say they will continue their
plans of endeavoring to persuade the
men to quit.
PROMISE NO VIOLENCE.
Union pickets patrol the outside of
the sheds and improve every chance
they get to endeavor to induce the men
at work to quit. Thus far they have
not succeeded in getting more than ten
men out of the 400 to join them. The
men who are at work appear to be sat
isfied with the treatment they are re
ceiving from the company, but the
strikers believe many of them will quit
to-morrow night.
Trains are going out with their cus
tomary loads and an inspection of the
sheds shows little signs of congestion.
Foreman Pat Dorn says the men are
doing good work, and unless they are
interfered with there will be no chance
of the union's being recognized.
No arrests have I been necessary on
account of the strikers, though there
was a slight demonstration at Fifth
and Townsend streets last nieht
caused by one of the special officers
getting frightened at the appearance ol
three men and calling for help. In his
excitement he overlooked one of the
regular officers, who was standing;
within a few yards of him talking to
a newspaper man. There was no ap
parent cause for the man's fear, yet
he ran up the steps that cross the
tracks and hastily summoned five of -
officers and the sergeant, who were
above. The. few strikers who were or
the opposite corner saw the offlcere
coming down the stairs in a hurry and
wondered where the trouble was. know
ing of no occasion for the demonstra
tion, i
Word was received from Sacramento
last night that Governor Pardee had
appointed the following railroad and
steamboat policemen upon the appli
cation of the Southern Pacific Company
to serve at San Francisco: John Holl
man, George Grant, A. Tilton, T. R
Hunt, H. Hubbell, A. L. McDonald, G.
H. Dow, H. J. Stack, H. Goodrich, G.
Nutting, H. A. Brandon, Fred Probst,
Charles A. Garland, N. Turnbull, R.
Patleton, W. C. Homer, Frank Man
astrom, John Duggan, SI. T. Hardee,
M. Kelley and A. Brandon.
UNION PICKETS ON GUARD.
Non-union freight handlers to the
number of 400 are getting three kooc
meals a day and also getting out grea
quantities of goods from the sheds o:
the Southern Pacific Company. '"> Spe^
clal . policemen are on duty in squad;
of three and four, while sixty reKulai
policemen are also there to preservi
order and see that the property is full}
protected.
Goods Are Being Handled
Rapidly and Employes All
Appear tor Be Satisfied
Figures and Affidavits Are
Submitted, but Cause Goes.
Over Until Next. Week
SAYS STOCK IS RUINED
Allegation That Bad Milk
I Caused Death of Child
of a Milkman's Customer
F0UK HUNDRED AT WORK
Special Police Officer at the
Freight Sheds Summons
Help When Not Necessary
Mrs. Jeanie D. Center Pleads
for Contra Costa Company,
in Higher Federal Court
Milkman Files Sensational
Answer to Suit Against
Him for Large Milk Bill
WOMAN'S VOICE
IN WATER CASE
NON-UNION MAN
CAUSES FRIGHT
KELLY CHARGES
RUIN TO TRUST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNEv 10, 1904
16
AJDVESTISEMENTa.
WONDERFUL CURE
OF SORE HANDS
1
By Cutlcura After tho
Most Awful 8uffering
Ever Experienced.
EIGHT DOCTORS
And Many Remedies Failed
to do a Cent's Worth
of Good.
" About flr« yearn ago I wm troabted
with Bora hands, bo Bor* that when I
would pat them In water the pala would
t«7 nearly set me crazy, the skin would
peel off and the flesh would get hard
and break. There wooM be blood flow-
In z, from at least fifty places on each
hand. TVord« eonld never tell the suf-
fering I endured for three years. I
tried ererythlng that I was told to use
for f ally three yearn, bnt could get no
relief. I tried at least eight differ en t
doctors, bat none of them seemed to do
roe any good, as my hands were as bail
when I got through doctoring as when
I first began. I also tried many reme-
dies, bnt none of them ever did me one
cent's worth of good. I was discour-
aged and b«art-sore. I would feel no
bad mornings when I got np, to think
I had to go to work and s.Und the pnln
for ten hours, and I often felt like giv-
ing up my position. Before I started
to work mornings I would have to
wrap every linger up separately, so
as to try and keep them soft and then
wear gloves over the rags to keep
the grease from getting on my work.
At night I would have to wear, gloves
in bed. In fact, I had to wear gloves
all the time. Bnt thanks to Cuticnra,
the greatest of all great skin cures.
After doctoring for three years, and
spending much money, a 50c. box of
Cuticura Ointment ended all my suffer-
ings. It's been two years since I used ,
any and I dont know what sore hands
are now, and never lost a day's work
while nsin? Cnticora Ointment."
THOMAS A. CLANCY,
810 N. Montgomery St., Trenton 1 , N. J.
feifl thntbnl ft* worM. CaHeam RwoWist Ms.
£¦ <om «« Cbotoju* Catto* FUla, Me. pn TtaJ at 80).
Otit»*«l »,h«, «•. Dnwti. L*adon. V Ctortw
krtuHihA, § B«* <U 1» Phixi Bmtoa, 19 Colombo*
A^&a?*.^&sr^sr. rre^ ta »
v^r-V NEWMAN & IjEVIXSOX.
Kenny and Setter Streets.
Store Opens 8:30 A. M., Closes 5:30 P. M.
Special Attractions For Friday
Lace Collars At Half Price
¦nVYD T7T3TT*»AV HNT V
. » C vJXv JT Ivl LJt\ X . \Jlri ¦»-' •»•
(First Floor Kearny St.)
We secured several hundred Fine Venise Lace Collars from
a leading manufacturer at half price, and the gain shall be
yours. Included in the lot are many of the very latest circular
shapes, others are with pretty stole effects— the daintiest
patterns you can imagine, in white, cream and ecru. At
these prices for Friday only :
$1.50 LACE COLLARS, ON SALE AT 75o
$2.50 LACE COLLARS, ON SALE AT $1.25
$2.75 LACE COLLARS, ON SALE AT $1.5O
Also a few Imported hand-made Lace Cape Collars, some In new
tenerifte designs and others handsomely embroidered on silk; worth ree-
ularly U-oo, *4-5o and $675, reduced to f2.25, $2.75 and $3.75
Two Bathing Suit Specials
FOR FRIDAY ONLY
- (Third Floor Kearny St.)
Ladies' Bathing Suits of navy blue Misses' and Children's Bathing
Jersey doth, with rolling collar and Suits, made of navy blue Jersey
belt; entire suit neatly trimmed doth, with collar, belt and skirt
with white braid; size 34 to 44. trimmed with white braid; sizes 24
Sil« price for Friday enly to 34. Sale price for Friday only
$1.50 a Suit $1.30 a Suit
An Important Towel Sale
FOR FRIDAY ONLY
(Second Floor Sutler St.)
This~^ exceptional offering of Towels should interest
every housekeeper and hotel proprietor. We have just
received 200 Dozen Pure White Huckaback Towels, new and
perfect goods, hemmed ready for use — nothing better made
for' strength and durability — full size 18 x 56 — worth reg-
ularly $1.50 per Dozen, price for Friday only, per ff j OF
Dozen 3 ' -* J
Ladies' Silk Undervests
At a Special Price — For Friday Only
(Main Aisle -Kearny 6t.)
* We place on sale for Friday only, a special purchase of fine
imported Swiss Ribbed Vests, that are made from an excellent
quality of Spun Silk. They are sleeveless, with fancy yokes,
in several patterns, beautifully crocheted by hand — colors
are white, pink and sky — sold regularly at $1.50, <r 1 ir
sale price while quantity lasts <q) I . I 3
Long Kimonas Af $L35
FOR FRIDAY ONLY
(Third Floor Kearnjr St.)
These Long Kimonas are ideal garments for warm weather,
and for morning use their practicability is without question.
The lot we offer for Friday's selling are made of excellent
quality pink and blue figured Lawns, with full skirt and bell
sleeves — yoke and sleeves trimmed with embroid- ff| qr
ery insertion — regular $2.00 styles, on sale at 4* • •«•*
MARKS BEOS.
Double
Value Day
Here's a STUNNING WAIST In figured,
striped or checked designs In medium and
dark effects. The kind you want for June,
July or August. Tab collar and front
jauntily plppd In black. Full dip front.
Launders perfectly.
Here's a dream of comfort— something
that has never been shown before — lawn
and Dercale kimonas cut in a new style
yoke effect. Large flowing sleeves and
front trimmed In good washable braid.
It's new, novel and handy..
Here's a good CAMBRIC DRAWER.
Full umbrella flounce trimmed In torchon
lace Insertion and ruffle of lace. Extra
full width.
Here's an IDEAL COOL LINEN CRASH
SKIRT for city and country wear. Trim-
med with tailor stitched ' straps of . the
same material.
I5c and 20c Fancy Valen-
ciennes Lade, 4 In. wide, in-
sertion to match.: Per yd.
[ 5c ... I
MARKS BROS.
"The Home of Honest Values,"
1220-1222-122+ Market St.
rBUXT SEASON SPECIALS.
A1X VAX CAMP SOUPS. 3 cans 25c.
XASOXT rKUIT JAas...Ft« doEen39c
Percelain lined covers. Quartz 50c; half cal-
lons C5c.
S8o JELLT TCMBL.EHS. doren 25c
SAXAB OIL Qnart bottle 15c
Extra refined; beat for Falads and cooking.
Usual 20c.
I5c CAKES PAnAFFINE WAX 10c.
rKESEKVXiro EUGAB Pound r»*io
Pure. .caee. Price Kcnerally roes higher as
reason advances.
16c SICILY LEMONS, dozen 10c.
TUUfflA corrrr Pound 25c
Regular 25c blend of Best Coffee.
ftOc QCART RASPBERRT BTRUP 30c.
STTOEICEB WISES Oal 75c
•-year-old Pert. Sherry. Rlesllnc;. Zlnfandel.
Sample at ftor». Usually $1 and $1 15.
CONDENSED MILK. 3 c&ns,25e.
XOTTSBOH WHISKT .Quart fcot 6f)c
Good, mellow liquor. Sour mash. Usually $1.
BA.TOTL9AT XTZGST 0HT.T.
CREAMERY BUTTER Square 30C
Any braad you like. Beet Hutnboldt Cream-
eries. From « o'clock to 11 Paturday night
only; no limit. -. • ¦_;
1001 FILLMOREST.
1.1.9 TAYLOR STREET.
|L Special Sales 1
| " Every Week |
) China pj
\ Crockery p
( Glassware |
Enamel Ware |
Household Goods 1
e Watch Our 9 |
fe" 4 ' Stores. I
W Prices Talk. H I
I It Pays to Trade I |
Crest American Import lag Tea Co's I
SlOreS £C6 Third H
861 Market 210 Grant are. 1429 Polk M
140 Sixth 1819 Derisadero 70S Larkin [J
475 Hmight &X Sixteenth 265 Hayes H
S8S Mieeion 621 Montr'y are. £2 Market B
200eFgimarc 2216 Mission 146 Ninth M
SC< Third 468 Fourth .,- 2732 *4th fl
ADTTEBTISEMENT3.
i iliiiSiw for Youi *s Cha ? 3 1
« : %^^^ Young chaps will admire 2-
§ the ' build of our new Chcst - v v
» Coat — it is a garment we're | ;
9 4^-fe\ vvSw^ i ust P" ttin £ on the market, X '
; IS T^M^iS^ifS built for >' oun S fellows ran?- A ;
w lf : li^*^^^^ ing in ages from 12 to 20 years. |
'i^tfi^f'W^" be snou^ ers are hand pad-
rf'Siy fi&i » t^v^-'i • ded, extended and sloped. The A^
T^ vf 1 .^^ * trousers are the shapeliest fS~
& &M M' ll-^ ones "»ve have ever had for fcw
-f w$: % W^ This is our new suit which I '
m vM 5 l|$| we call your attention to in | :
% v- H r^iy t^ e very newest fabrics — the J f
% J-^F '^vi^ colorings are simply hand- \
» iftsl.. -.f|> . . some, representing the Brown- 2'
C |yla * sb Fleckered Scotches, which «
li are tbe craze an^ ra S e ast K
- % mmC *"'* " The new Chesty (C J Q j ;
lS ¦ Suit of ours at.... H* * -\J | t
I Double Breasted | :
I Plaited Tourist Suit A
ot • TTii*^ is one Ot w
I Buster Brown Cutting Up §
re More New Capers
7} Ever sine* w» h»v« intrciueel th« Buster Brown Suit the 11! WL
If demand for >m has almost a.ssurr*'! a craze aivl we have 45j]j ?V *
vl j»t little Buster amuck on our heautlful second floor devot- CisSfiB * \
jw> e<i to children's apparel. We've elected lorae thr<»» y* 1 ?^^*? 3C
SL hundred suits for a Friday and Saturday Festival. Bus- r*3^~^< - * M 4
S t#r says to Tire, his Faithful: . "Ivefa have a sale — not on. i i"^
w the water, but In Raphael's Juvenile Department." Tige. 2
ihls Faithful, nodded his assent, so a sale Is on for to-day on Bust»r ,f»
Browns. Some of the $7.00 Busters, some of the $5.00 and some ft the jj
$5.00 Busters fand^-ou know how cute, fetching and eunnimc ours are). th« " qZ
only orlslnal Buster Browns In the market; Friday and Satur- <C^ AQ <*
day. sizes 3 to 10. *J'O' »*
Vacation Specials ; )
Boys' Ontlair Suit* — Blue Norfolk Suits, made from tan '
Denim . .Military, fashions; Covert Duck; very swell - ,
long trousers* ages 6 to 14 «_ , nnMrane . l-istine and ?
years. Should be a dollar; V 1 a £?f «?,£**?. I
¦will be. ...¦..;.. «,"»<• durable. Ages 5 tr> 16 years. 'A
Seventy-five cent Mothers Special Friday and Satur- ' \ ¦
Friend Shirt Waists will day Sl.oO V
be... 50«« Band B^w Tics that were 23c. <!
! Buster Brown little belts that for the llttlo char*, will 1
were 50c will be 25c * be 1,"c 3'
4f«The Habit That ferows»#