Continued on Page 2, Column 8.
War News Continued on Pajje 3.
Continued on Pago 2, Column S,
EEOUL> Korea, June 8. — Tun
Tung Sun. Chamberlain of the Korean
Court, whose sympathies are with
Russia, has been impeached.
Korea n Official Impeached.
; PARIS, June 8. — • Mrs. George
Crocker of j New 'York, who has \ been
seriously ; ill, ; is : now slightly . better.
Mrs." ; Crocker was < formerly r; - Mrs.
Rutherford of | San Francisco.*-' ' *
3fRS. GEORGE CROCKER •
* ; IS ¦: SLIGHTLY '' BETTER
were arrested,, but later released. :
SECOND FIGHT OCCURS.
A second fight took place, this even
ing. Seven soldiers, sent on horse-'
back to Big Bull Hill, two miles cast
of . Victor, to arrest union miners,
found them entrenched. The -men re
fused to surrrender and the. soldiers
opened fire. The miners began firing
on the^soldiers as soon as they .saw
them coming ¦ up ithe hill, but no one
was wounded. I Seven' men were cap
tured by the ._ guards. 1. ...,'..'
General Bell. to-day appointed Major
Thomas E.- McClelland provost mar
shal for the district' and the latter
caused a number of. arrests to- be
made, j Among /them, were several
union men employed by the Portland
Gold Mining Company, which operates
the Portland mine. : The latter's '.em
ployes are union men almost exclusive
ly: and ;" the v mine '¦ has !' continued tin
operation i ever, since , the strike j was de
clared./' It? is: the i only mine that; did
not close s when- the - trouble • started in
Victor, on * Monday. .
A small. sensation v was . created : this
evening when jit became*, known' that :
Chris Miller, a' unlon'leader and mem-
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., June 8.—
It was reported before the special
train left for Victor at* 2 o'clock this
afternoon, bearing the force under un
der General Bell, that the miners in
the hills about Dunnville numbered
250 men and that- it was their inten
tion to march into Victor to-night in
a body and make an attempt to liber
ate by force the inmates of the tem
porary bullpen in Victor. That the
force actually consisted of but twenty
one men is the statement of one of
the number that was takencaptive.
The train proceeded to the imme
diate vicinity of Dunnville without un
usual incident. When about a quarter
of a mile distant from the Dunnville
temporary station' the officers could
see the camp of the miners. It,in
cluded one cabin and six or seven
tents. The officers left the train at
the command of General Bell and pre
pared to advance upon the camp of
the unionists: in regular skirmish or
der. As they : emerged from the cut in
which the train'tiad ' come to a' stop
they were - greeted * with a volley • of
ehots, which came from points of van-
A. D. Hemenway, A. D. French and
G. . Force, v all of the Cripple Creek
union; 9 Fred ! Waddleton of Anaconda
and H. W. Shidler and William Shidler
The following -were taken prisoners,
several being released later: Harry
Boaz, John v James, Goldfleld; H. W.
Moore, Victor; H. C. Lang. Ed Skin
ner (later released), Dick James, Roy
Cavanaugh, John Duffy, Charles Hard,
James Hard, Fred Keefe, Cripple
Creek. .
From the character of the shoot
ing from the hills General Bell im
mediately recognized the fact that the
strength of the miners had been great
ly overestimated and that he had suf
ficient force under his command to
make an immediate round-up and
capture the entire opposing force.
Accordingly he divided the deputies
and soldiers into seven detachments
and these detachments set out to make
a complete clean-up of all the sur
rounding hills. .
tage in the surrounding hills." The
deputies returned the lire to the best
advantage possible and promiscuous
shooting was engaged in for a period
of ten minutes.
ORDERS A "ROUND- UP."
HONOLULU, June 8.— E. D. Baldwin.
Land Agent at Hilo, has been arrested
on a charge of embezzlement.
It is alleged that by a system of
fraudulent personal receipts, clerks in
Honolulu have been selling June salary
warrants to different persons; also that
17000 worth of the best Government
rice. land on the island of Hawaii has
been stolen by means of dishonest sur
vey and fraudulent maps.
T. Keaupuni, an Hawaiian, has con
fessed to the forging of a money order.
He was held under 52500 bail.
Several weeks ago Land Commis
sioner Pratt and Deputy Attorney Gen
eral Peters completed an Investigation
of alleged irregularities in Baldwin's
accounts. Three months ago Governor
Carter ; demanded . the resignation of
Baldwin, but at that time it was an
nounced that he had squared his ac
count with the Government by the pay
ment of checks agxegatlng 54716 25 and
$1200. cash • ¦ ¦ .
Hawaiian Official Is Accrued of Em
bezzlement and Placed Under
v *?!.; Arrest.
CORRUPTION IS CHARGED
AGAINST LAND AGENT
"The casualties among those serv
ing the naval guns were Sub-Lieuten
ant Shimmanobovsky missing and
six sailors wounded.**
"On the night ef May 26 ten tor
pedo-boats were sent out against the
Japanese boats operating in Kinchou
Bay. One of the torpedo-boats struck
the rocks and sank- Her crew were
saved.
ST. PETERSBURG. June 8. — Em
peror Nicholas has received the fol
lowing dispatch from Viceroy Alexicff :
"According to the report of Rear
Admiral Wit*oeft on the battle of
Klnchou, our right flank was strongly
supported by the gunboat Bobr and
the* torpedo-boats Burni and Bolki,
which afterward returned to Port Ar
thur.
Viceroy Alexleff Reports the Loss to
the Emperor.
TORPEDO BOAT SUNK.
. HONOLULU*. June 8. — From the
South Pacific , come reports of out
breaks of violence on islaridjs which
were regarded as semi-civilized. It Is
learned h'ere that white inhabitants of
Norfolk g Island " have appealed to the
Governor for permission to organize a
corps because of the threatening con
duct of the blacks. .
The. German steamer. Prinz Sigmund
brought, news -of a massacre > at- Durer
Island," in the.Hermit group. About 500
natives 'in a ' fieet.:,of canoes attacked
Waklen's coffee , and cocoanut denta
tion, Manager Reimers, several
laborers,- looted 1 . the place t and . burned
the » buildings: ; The. German Governor
of ? Bismarck .'archipelago , has sent a
punitive expedition . against the : na
tives. :•;- --¦¦¦¦¦. •¦ . : -¦¦ , , ,,;.;¦;¦:
Blacks Kill Manager, and Laborers of
a Plantation and Whites Appeal
., for; Protection. ,
SOUTH | PACIFIC I NATIVES
BECOMING TROUBLESOME
Troops Charge and Capture a Mountain Stronghold
Defended by Cripple Creek Miners.
Victor Mob Wrecks Office of Union Newspaper
/ ; —
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., June 8.— The office oi the Victor Daily Record was entered at
ii o'clock to-night by a. mob and the two linotype machines utterly*. demolished, as well as
the job and newspaper presses. 'Manager Kyner and the entire force are ordered ¦ to. -leave
town and never to return. The Record has been the official organ of the Western Federation of
Miners. • . '
Eight women were taken into custody to-night by deputies. They had declared that it
served the non-union men right when they were blown up by assassins. . . " ' ' " . .
ACTING GOVERNOR OF COLORADO. WHOSE PROCLAMATION OF MARTIAL LAW HAS BEEN POSTED BT GENERAL
BELL. AND A SCBjCE IN CRIPPLE CREEK. THE CENTER OF THE STRIKE DISTURBANCES RESULTING IN THE RE
CENT DYNAMITING. OUTRAGE' AND RIOTS. -
made experiments which led him to
the belief that Bright's disease was
curable in its earlier stages and that it
was Dossible that further investigation
and experiments would end in a prac
tically complete victory over it.
He based his conclusions on ninety
throe cases, forty-three, of which he
tabulated, with nine complete cures.
Twenty-five cases showed marked lm
pr6vement and only one failed to re
spond to treatment.
Heretofore all treatments have been
by the use of medicine taken by the
mouth and it has been found impossi
ble to send through the blood drugs
strong enough to kill the germs.
Through the use of an Instrument he
injects medicines directly into the kid
neys, in strength that would be poison
ous and cause certain death if taken
into the stomach. He has found his
patients safe from harm and. also that
action is immediate and permanent.
Dr. Ayres asserted that a remarkable
feature was the ease with which
treatment may be administered, and
without pain or after discomfort to the
patient.- The scourge of Bright's dis
ease, he says,, can be reduced, if not
eradicated. ?,'¦¦
Mrs. Taggart has been enjoined from
molesting or interfering with the chil
dren or taking them out of the juris
diction of the court. - '^ /
The major charges also that she had
been guilty of gross neglect ot duty
prior to the time of her desertion and
of her going to San Francisco; that she
was guilty of gross. Improper and im
moral conduct with men and conducted
herself so as to, create a scandal and
bring disgrace on herself, her husband
and her children.
WOOSTER," Ohio, June 8.— Major E.
F. Taggart, attached to the Sixth In
fantry, Leaver.worth, Kan., but who is
acting transport quartermaster at San
Francisco, and who is at his home in
Orrville, this county, on a brief fur
lough, this morning filed his petition
for divorce from Grace Viola Culvert
Taggart, who, it is stated, was a prom
inent society young woman at the time
of their marriage at Chicago on De
cember 30, 1890.
Major Taggart says that Mrs. Tag
gart "has been guilty of gross neglect
of duty; that on July 6. 1903, she de
serted plaintiff, who was then on duty
as an officer of the United States at
Leavenworth, Kan., and at which
place he had made full and proper
provisions for defendant and their chil
dren, during his stay at that place.
Defendant, without provocation or ex
cuse, left plaintiff, taking with her the
children, and -went to San Francisco.
Cal.. and has given out in speech that
she has taken up a permanent resi
dence there and refuses to live with
him as his wife or to conform her res
idence to that of his."
Special Dispatch to Th« Call,
- NEW .YORK, June 8.— Believing he
has discovered a method, for the cure
of Bright's disease. Professor Winfield
Ayres made report to the convention
of the American Medical Association
in Atlantic City to-day which startled
his hearers by its importance. *y*
Professor Ayres, who is associate
professor of urology at the Post Grad
uate Hospital in this city, said he had
Fp<»clal Dispatch to The Call. #
ARMY MAN
SAYS WIFE
IS A FLIRT
PHYSICIAN'S
DISCOVERY
SAVES LIFE
The statement made by the Chinese
that when they left there "were only
three large ships there probably
means that a number were in the
outer harbor and that the others were
behind the Tiger's Tail and in the
naval basin.
Every Junk at Port Arthur, it is
etated, has been chartered to carry
eway Chinese, but few of whom now
remain Jn the besieged city.
LONDON. June 8. — A dispatch to
the Reuter's Telegram Company from
St. Petersburg announces that a tele
p-am has been received from Mukden,
dated to-day, saying: y
"According to information here, a
Japanese squadron of nine vessels has
been bombarding the coast between
Siungyueheng and Kaichow (on the
•west coast of Liaotung Peninsula. Just
below Newchwang) since June 7."
merchants and coolies, are leaving
Port Arthur with the permission of
the Russian authorities. Fifty junks
>vhk-h left Port Arthur yesterday with
Chinese passengers are now arriving
hpre. The reports of the latest ar
rivals vary in minor details, but agree
In the general statement that a bat
tie has been raging for four days with
in tf-n miles of Port Arthur.
Ail of the Russian soldiers, it is
eaid. have !f>ft Port Arthur for the
front and only three large ships and
a number of email ones remain in the
harbor. The Chinese are unable to
explain what has become of the other
large Fhips.
They report that the outer forts at
Port Arthur have been more or less
damaged by recent bombardments and
that a number of mines, recently laid
in the entrance to the harbor, were
exploded during a thunderstorm. Many
buildings Id the town have been de-'
ctroyed, but the inner forts have suf
fered but little.
LONDON*. June 3. — The Shanghai
correspondent of the Morning Post
telegraphs under date of June S:
"General Stakelberg's Russian bri
gade marching in the direction of
Port Arthur suffered a reverse on Sat
urday, near Wafangtien, and retired to
Tashichiao."
CHEFU. June 9. — Chinese, both
PARIS. June S.— A telegram
from Sebastopol states that a
serious explosion has occurred
aboard the Russian cruiser Smo
lensk. The explosion was not ac
cidental, but had been planned for
the destruction of the ship. The
Smolensk is a ship of 12,000 tons.
Epecial Dispatch to The Call
Shortly after the news reached the
city by telephone a colored soldier,
greatly excited, rushed into the Occi
dental Hotel and hurriedly asked the
clerk for the address of Mrs. Edith
The beautiful flat at 1004 McAllister
street was deserted last night, save for
the presence of Mrs. Muir, the mother
of Mrs. Pittman. Mrs. Muir was ter
ribly shocked when she learned of the
death of Captain Wild, and at first re
fused to believe that he could have
taken his life. She said her daughter
had brought his picture to her while
she was living in Canada and asked
her what she thought of him. Mrs.
Muir replied that while she liked his
appearance as a man, she did not think
he tvould make a good husband. He
looked too severe. Mrs. Muir said Mrs.
Plttman was in Oakland and would not
be home until some time to-day.
The last seen of Captain Wild by his
army friends in this city was shortly
before midnight Wednesday, when in
company with a number of other offi
cers he was enjoying the Jinks that fol
lowed the meeting of the Military
Order of the Carabao at the Occidental
Hotel. If he was contemplating suicide
then his manner did not in any way
suggest the fact to his friends, who left
the hotel with him when the meeting
adjourned. On Montgomery street the
captain bade them good-n!ght and in
dicated that he purposed to return to
the island. This he evidently did some
time before morning. The first intima
tion his friends on this side of the bay
received of his death was late yester
day afternoon, when a telephone mes-"
sage from the island conveyed the in
formation that his body had been dis
covered, with a pistol lying by its side.
SOLDIER WITH MESSAGE.
A grand piano, a pianola, gorgeous
tapestries and everything that the en
vironment of wealth could give decor
ates the dainty flat. Some months
ago It Is reported that the captain
commenced to feel that he could not
keep up the strain and often in the
presence of his friends in the Bohe
mian Club he was wont to assert that
without money a man should not live.
While he assumed a Jovial air at the
club, it was apparent to all his friends,
and they were legion, that he was la
boring under a mental strain.
MRS. PITTMAN ABSENT.
Captain Wild's death has caused a
great sensation in army circles. From
what can be learned and from report*
undoubtedly authentic, it appears in
a direct way that a woman was at
the bottom and the cause of his
death. . Wh en Captain Wild came
home from the Philippines two years
ago he brought with him $4000.
Shortly after his arrival here he be
came acquainted with Mrs. Evelyn
Plttman. From that time until now
she has resided In a luxurious flat at
1004 McAllister street- Every acces
sory that elegance and refinement
could suggest Is there.
CAUSES SENSATION.
The body of Captain Wild was part
ly dressed,, plainly suggesting that he
had not retired during the night, and
facts later developed would support
thu» theory. An examination of the
body revealed a wound in the chest,
where the bullet from his army re
volver had entered and penetrated his
heart.
Captain Frederick S. Wild, commis
sary officer of the Thirteenth U. S. In
fantry, ended his life some time after
5 o'clock yesterday morning in his
quarter3 at Fort McDowell.' "Angel Is
land. He was seen to enter his room
by a private soldier about 3 o'clock and
a few minutes later a pistol shot was
heard, but as these reports are fre
quently heard on the island no par
ticular heed was paid to It. Later in
the day, between the hours of 12 and 1.
the captain's Chinese servant, having
occasion to enter the officer's apart
ments, was startled by the sight of
his lifeless btrdy lying on the floor and
beside it a "revolver. Assistance was
Immediately summoned, but those who
readily responded quickly realized that
death had already claimed the officer.
Complications With Women Are Given
as Cause for the Officer's
Despsrata Deed.
Chinese Refugees Claim Some of the
Russian Warships Have
Disappeared.
Four Days' Battle Waged
in tie Vicinity ol the
Stronghold.
Army Circles Are Shocked
'by Tragic Close ol Bril
liant Career.
Popular Captain Dies
in His Room at
Angel Island; *
Defeat Force Sent
to Relieve Port
Arthur.
WILD ENDS
LIFE WITH
A REVOLVER
JAPANESE
TURN BACK
SLAV ARMY
ACTING GOVERNOR PROCLAIMS MARTIAL LAW
AND SOLDIERS ARE "ROUNDING UP" IDLE MEN
LIAOYANG, June 8. — The Japanese on June 6, according to Chinese reports, made several sustained and stubborn attacks upon Port Arthur simultaneously by land and sea. They were repulsed with severe loss. There are rumors
that the Vladivostok squadron has effected a junction with the Port Arthur fleet ; that a naval battle took place, and that the Japanese lost four large ships.
VICTOR, Colo., June 8. — A pitched battle between the military and union. miners was fought at Dunnville, the new mining- camp thirteen miles out of Victor, shortly after 3 o'clock this afternoon. John Carley, a union miner, was
killed. The troops returned to Victor at 8 o'clock to-night, bringing with them fourteen captives. Later there was another fight between a squad of soldiers and two intrenched miners; the latter were captured.
INTRENCHED STRIKERS GIVE BATTLE TO SOLDIERS
PORT ARTHUR REPULSES JAPANESE ATTACK BY LAND AND SEA
Baa TruAcirco and viotaitT—
TaXt Thursday; light north
winds, ehanctnr to brisk west
erly. A. O. BEcASZB.
District 7or«caster.
JPorecart mad* at Saa Tran
cltoo for tMrty hour* endiar at
mldjaUrnt June 9. 1904: ¦%
TBS WSATSXB.
The San Francisco Call
Alc*z*r — "Under Two Flan."
Uatinte To-Day.
CallXcmla — "The Cavalier." Mat
inee To-Day.
Central— "The Peddler."
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "The little Minister."
Fischer's — "V. 8."
Grand — "A Captain of Navarre.**
Orpnexun — Vaudeville. Matinee
To-Day.
TlToll — "Serjeant Xitty."
TBS THBATXiXS*
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 9.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JUNE 9, -1904.EXILES REACH DENVER.
Claim They Were Robbed Before
Their Deportation. . I.' .,'..".
DENVER, June 8.— The twenty- four
deported union miners from "pie. Cripple
Creek district, exiled because, of. the
riots in that section, rode into Denver,
early this morning on a special train
over the Denver and Rio Grande. 1 - In;
the rear of the car. stood nine guards,
armed with shotguns and army." rifles,
who had been deputized to conduct
them to Denver 1 from the gold camp..
The miners were unarmed. Nearly all'
were penniless. The men were met- by
about forty of the delegates to ; ' the
convention of the Western .Federation,
of Miners and were, taken, to a restau-'
rant.' ' ¦ -''¦¦¦..*- ',?¦'¦ r, '•<¦;
The miners declared that the Cripple
Creek district was no longer safe for
union men.' ¦ •-'• < - . ....... v.*'
* "Any one who has an enemy,".- said
DENVER, June 8. — Although the
trend of opinion expressed by the res-,
idents of the towns surrounding Crip
ple Creek, the scene of tHe . exciting,
events of the last three days, Is that,
order will . resume sway rapidly, .jibw,
there is an evident feeling of fear lest
other and more serious clashes! .occur
between the established •' authorities
and the supporters of unionism in the
camp. This is due to the persistent
report which has gained circulation,
but which is given little credence, that
all members of labor unions, regard-'
less of their occupationa, will be asked
to leave the district under pain of de
portation. , <
The two fights to-day between .the
soldiers and the union | mlners-^-the
one at Dunnville threatening at first
to have extremely serious results—^
form the main topic of discussion
throughoutthe camp. The;Big Bull
Hill affair was simply a skirmish'be
tween union men and soldiers who
were searching the. hills for minersi
wanted by the authorities. '.-/. . .,7 /¦
Further resignations of ,,city . of r
fiends occurred to-day, ; in •: pome
instances effecting almost .a complete'
change in the official roster of town
government. ; /':¦*.:-.'•:
No definite clew to the perpetrators
of the outrage at Independence has
developed as yet. . \. ..-
Ordered Out of District.
Rumor That AH Unfon Men Will .Be
FURTHER TROUBLE FEARED, g*
Captain Wild was a native of New
York State, 41 years of age and un
married. He entered the army as a
private soldier In 1887, and ten years
later he was appointed from the ranks
to the position of first lieutenant. In
1S99 be was made a captain and was
eent to the Philippines with the Thir
teenth Infantry. He returned here
about two years ago, and later
was assigned to duty as regi
mental commissary at Fort McDowell,
Angel Island. Among the army folk
he was a very popular officer, and his
tragic death. was the last thing expect
ed by his many friends at the various
posts.
ROSE FROM THE RANKS.
Through the long hours of last
night, while a solitary soldier stood si-
Jently. by the bier of the dead officer
on Angel Island, the hastily penciled
note addressed by* Major Wild to Mrs.
Madden lay upon the table In her
apartments . at the Cumberland, on
Bush street, awaiting the return of the
woman, who, rumor said, had departed
earlier in the day on an automobile
Tide to Ban Jose. ;"' .•'.;„.
i It was said at the Cumberland last
night that she would return to-day.
Not until then will the last message of
Wild be known and then probably onjy
to the woman, who will share the se
crecy of Its contents with the dead.
Wild for many months entertained
an Infatuation for Mrs. Madden, a fact
that was no secret to many of his
friends. . He had often Visited her at
the Occidental Hotel and showered
upon her many attentions that did not
pass unnoticed by those that were
acquainted with the couple.
When her husband recently insti
tuted divorce proceedings against her
and involved the name of. Captain
Roblchon In his complaint. Captain
Wild suddenly appeared as Robichon'a
sponsor and later became the latter's
attorney before the court-martial that
convicted Robichon of conduct unbe
coming an officer. The conviction re
sulted in Robichon's dismissal from
the army.
May Madden, whose husband. Captain
John Madden, is now suing her for
divorce. The colored man said he had
just arrived from Angel Island and
told of, the suicide of Captain Wild,
who, he said, had intrusted to him a
note for Mrs. Madden Just before the
captain had gone to his quarters early
that morning. When Mrs. Madden's
address was given the messenger he
hurried off to deliver the note, but it
was learned Mrs. Madden was not at
home.
FAIRBANKS WILL ACCEPT.
Willing to Take Second Place on the
Republican Ticket.
WASHINGTON. June S.— It Is now a rer-
WILD ENDS LIFE WITH REVOLVER
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
The cost of taking the first census
was a little more than I cent a head;
that of the last census 17 cents.
CHICAGO. June 8— Elihu Root will be
temporary chairman and Speaker Cannon
j»rmar.*nt chairman of the Republican Na
tional Couvention when It Ib railed to order
In this city on June 21. according to the fore
castfof politicians who are now making ar
rangement* for the big gathering of Republi
cans. The slate al»o includes the name of
Oeoree B. Cortelvou to be chairman of the
National Committee.
"Mr. Root will doubtless b* the National
Corr.mitt'-e's choice for temporary chairman."
¦aid Harry B. New, chairman of the sub
committee that has charge of the arrange
ment* for the convention. "From what I hear
at to the sekction of a permanent chairman.
I think that Speaker Cannon will b<> the man.
Ho far as I know no other Is being consid
ered." • '
Oflicers of Convention.
Root and Cannon Will Be Presiding
REPUBLICAN SLATE READY.
Declare Tiiat They Do Not Remember
to Whom the Property Taken
From Them Belongs.
SAN BERNARDINO. June 8.— W. S. Black
well and Chester O'Neall, the young burglars
against whom five charges of burglary had
been preferred, confessed to the Sheriff this
afternoon that they were guilty on every
charge. They say they robbed so many places
that they do not remember to whom the prop
erty taken from them belongs.
YOUNG BURGLARS CONFESS
TO A SERIES OF CRIMES
SAN BERNARDINO, June 8.— Tom Harris
a young man serving a sixty days' sentence
in the jail at Redlands lor disturbing t tu
p-ace, cut through the rear wall of the build
ing last night and is still at large. A friend on
the outside had passed him a. piece of wagon
spring through the bars of the window, and
with this the prisoner pried out enough
bricks from the wall to crawl through
Another prisoner also crawled through the
hole, but returned to the Jail the same way
after having gone down town and got a meal
at a restaurant.
Brieks In Wall of the Structure.
Two Prisoners at Redland Pry Out
ESCAPE FROM THE JAILi.
Prohibitionists Laud JlUes.
UNION-TOWN. Pa.. June 8.— The Prohibi
tion State Convention to-day adopted with
great enthusiasm a resolution eulogllzng Gen
eral Miles and declaring that the Prohibition
ists would feel honored in having him for
their leader in the coming campaign.
The other candidate* are William A. Flynn,
a Plttsburp Wder: Kranoiy le Baron Robbins,
president cf the Plttsburg Coal Company, one
of the largest coal producing concerns in the
country: former Attorney General John P. El
1.:-. of Indiana County, who is the party nomi
ne* for Justice of the State Supreme Court,
and Richard R Quay, non of the late Senator.
The PlttsburB delegation, which has presented
the names of Oliver. Flynn and Robbins to
Senator Penrose. and Israel W. Durham, the
Philadelphia leader, who is Penrose's adviser,
also named Congressman John Dalzell. but It Is
relieved this was done merely as a complt-
IBent.
PHILADELPHIA, June 8.— Much interest
*as added to the Senatorial situation to-day,
»hcn It wae announced by II. C. Prick of
Pittsburg. who arrived in the city to-day,
that he In here In the interest of United States
Attorney General P. C. Knox. Senator Flynn,
when t-een regarding Knox't candidacy, admit
ted that he had m"t Frick during the day and
that the latter asked that Knox he considered
a candidate. Flynn further added that another
B-eeting would be held to-morrow with Sena
tor Peurose and Mr. Durham at which the At
torney Oenerar* name would be taken up.
It is believed that if President Roosevelt is
willing to It-t Knox resign from the Cabinet he
*;1I be acceptable to Senator Penrose.
Attorney General Knox Is Latest Can
didate for Senatorshlp.
MANY COVET QUAY'S ROBE.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla.. June 8.— Returns to
day from the second Democratic State pri
mary assure the nomination of J. P. Taltaferro
to succeed himself as United States Senator
and of Frank Clark as Congressional Repre
sentative of the Second District.
Returns Favor Tallaferro. \
A. Milhern for neglect, to Molche Swirling
from Samuel Swirling: for cruelty, to Ebba Mc-
Shane from Frank McShane for neglect.
Complaint* for divorce were filed by Maria
Fry -against Pleat* : Fry for neglect, Hildur
Nelson against Charles Nelson for desertion
Henry O. BJobm. against Mary A. Biohm for<
desertion and De . Witt Brlggs against Julia
Brigga for Infidelity.
Judge Sea well took , tinker advisement "the
case of Roger Walton against Phoebe Walton*
He 1» a commission merchant. He says ho
has not seen his wife for nineteen years. ¦
MINERS EI.ECT OFFICERS.
Moyer Will Again Be/ President o f
Western Federation. .
DENVER. Colo.. June 8.— The annual con
vention of the Western Federation 'of Miners
to-day completed the election of officers -by
choosir.g the following executive board: Dis
trict No. 1, N. W." Moore' of Arizona; Dis
trict No. 2, L. j; Slmklns of Wallace, Idaho;
District No. 3. James P. Murphy of Butte.
Mont.; District .No. . 4. Frank Schmelzer of
Sllverton. Colo.; District No. C, James Kir
wan of Terry. S. D. : District No. 6, James
A. Baker of Slccan.' B. C.
Owine to the a^s<»n?e of President Charles
H. Moyer, a military prisoner at Telluride, no
election of president was held. This has the
t-ftect.of continuing Moyer in the presidency.
"ROUND-UP" IN TELLURIDE.
3Ien Are Told to Go to Work or Get
Qut.of',tho Comity. .
TELLURIDE, Colo.. June 8.— The recent
outbreak In, the- Cripple Creek, diitrict has in
spired the military here to renewed activity.
Crowds have .been gathering before the bulletin
boards, containing ' news /rom Cripple Creek
and some feeling was displayed'. Lest trouble
should result from a too , free discussion ' of.
the incidents occurring at Cripple Creek, Cap
tain. Well*,' 'In 'command' of' this district; be
gan rounding; mi the men until he bad marched
between, 8ixJY,'and- seventy.- to ".the*. District
Cpurt room. • Each .man arrested was com
pelled to grlve art, •' account" 'of 'hJrii»eJf.. The
majority- or them made, a, satisfactory show
ing, to 'the captain and were released with ' a
tew words of admonition as 16. their future
conduct. .Those . .men . who. , .ire not: employed
at the. present, time were told plainly that they
must either go to work at once or leave. San
Miguel County. ¦>, '.-..•. • ' . "¦ ' •
M. J. Sullivan, secretary of* the •local feder
ation union, one of the men ordered by 4nc
military authorities to leave San Miguel
County, took the morning tram out of town
to-day. n t ¦¦ : r . J
V BANTA' CRUZ, June 8".— W|IIIam,P. Chape
died last night at Soquel, where he had resided
for forty years." " He wasa native of Malr/e,
69 years of age and leaves a wife.
Soquel Loses an Old Resident.
LONDON, ¦ June 8. -t Archduke Frederick of
Austria arrived In London to-day. He Is th*
bearer of the field marshal's baton bestowed
by Emperor . Francis Joseph, upon King Ed
vard. • ¦• ¦ ¦ . • „. ¦
Field Marshal's for Edward.
v .WASHINGTON,. June 8.— The following Cal
if ornlahs, ar* • registered here:;. : At the ! New
Wlllard— Hugh W. Bryan .and , wife of Los'
, Angeles. Mrs. m. L. Stewart of • San Fran
cisco, P. D.'Hutchlnson of California. .At the
¦Raleigh— W: . E. Graves ' and wife of San
Francisco.' • r : ... . . . . .
'Callfornlans In Waslilngton.
WASHINGTON, jun«.«8. — the' Government
to-day ; nolle prossed the- two j remaining " In
dictments against . Harrison J. Barrett, former
law clerk of the Postofflce Department, grow
ing out of the postal Investigation. The In
dictments charged Barrett with bribery in
accepting on $800 fee" as • an attofnoy in an
Alabama bond investment company . while he
was a Government employe. ,"
Barrett Case' Quashed.
SAN JOSE, June 8.— Ahtone Schmltt, who
for many years had been 'engaged lii the liquor
business In this city." died here last : evening.
The deceased was a native of Alsace-Lorraine
and'C9 years of age. Schmltt had been, a resi
dent of this city more than thirty years arid
had a large circle of friends. ¦. ; Two married
daughters survive, hlrn ' . ¦.
Death of Antbne Schmltt.
PHILADELPHIA, June 8.— Mary. Richard -
«on, a young married woman, ¦*??.. to-day
stabbed through" the /heart by May Richard
son, her sister-lH'law.' during a quarrel In
a. real estate office. Jealousy was the cause. -
JEALOUSY DRIVES A .
WOMAN TO MURDER
!¦ MADISON. WIs., Juno 8.— An academio
pre-cession to-«1ay . preceding the I Wisconsin
State University jubilee ceremonies at Ar
mory Hall was viewed by a great crowd.
There were a number of addresses. by presi
dents of .outside universities. 'Including Benja
min Ide Wheeler of the University of Cali
fornia. . ... , ¦ ¦
Califoriiinn Participates In the GraVid
'Hi[ Jubilee Ceremonies at . . -
; ,' . '" '¦'.€ . Madison. ... .
PRESIDENT WHEELJER AT
WISCONSIN ' UNIVERSITY
While, Representing Himself as a Gov
• ?! eminent Agent Man Passes _¦ ¦ .
'? :.- Worthless Checks.
.BUKKaCo, NY., June 8.— Dr. Daniel
Phillips, alias Dr. W. C. Negus, arrested .her*
a few days ag6 on a charge of impersonating
.a (fern iervlce officer, was to-day held for
•th<t- ITrilt*^! States Orane} Jury. It "was sald
that Phillips, while posing as a secret service
man, sold worthless stock to dupes in Oregon
and other States.
MUST STAND TRIAD FOR
I JIFERSONATIN'G OFFICER
ST. , LOUIS, June 8v— John Davidson, "35
years, old, whose hornej is eaid to be in Cal
ifornia and who was employed at the Wortd's
Fair Grounds, was run over and: killed by a
•witch engine' of the' St. Louis and Colorado
Railroad about 100 feet west of the Skinker
road. The body, which was badly mangled,
1h at the. Morgue, His father is Harry David
son of San Francisco. •' "• •
SAX FRANCISCAN IS
KILLED BY LOCOMOTIVE
John-' Davidson, an -Kniployc - at
.['/ World's Fair Grounds, -Hun Over
/ •'/.;'; by Switch Engine. .' '•_
Runaway Boy. Is Found by Parents.
SAN JOSE, June 8.— Ross Stevenson, agrt
12 years.- who ran away from his home last
Friday, .was found at the home of his grand
mother at Sunnyvale to-day. He said he Just
went there for a visit.
• Carolyn Rowena Dillon, wife of George Dil
lon, an actor. In proceedings commenced yes
terday for divorce, alleged that she and their
three-year-old girl were reduced to living upon
the charity of friends while the husband and
father was earning <U5 a week In his pro
fession of entertaining the public upon the
mimic stage. She asks for divorce, custody
of the child and |2O a week pending the de
cision or the case. - ; • .. • ; •:
Ada R. Duncan, filed suit for divorce from
Benjamin B. Duncan, who, she says. Is In
terested in the firm of XV. B. Cluff & Co. The
plaintiff recites that her husband Inherited
$501)0 worth of real estate In Sacramento Coun
ty and Is the owner of their home at 1701 Page'
Street. A boy and a girl. 13 and 15 yeans old
respectively, are offsprings of the union, fei.e
alleges various acts- of cruelty and Indigni
ties suffered and says that in his home he
kept a bundle of love letters from another
woman. She says also that he threatened to
let her and the children starve If she sued
for divorce. She asks for a temporary order
restraining Him from disposing of his prop
erty. - - • . • .
¦•-'•'Judge Trout, behind closed doors, yesttrday
heard the case of " I-oo J. Marks versus Estelle
Marks, his wife., wherein the . husband seeks
divorce on the, ground of infidelity. George
L. Wolf is named as corespondent.
Elizabeth Richards was- yesterday granted
a' divorce from . Alexander . O. Richards, a
nephew of .the late 'Dr. Cogswell, on the ground
of mtfemperrtnee and neglect. Other sensational
chargesHn 1 the' complaint did not' 'come! before
the court. . She- was a.warded. ?28uQ alimony In
"bulk." Richards contented will of J)r.
Cogswell and compromised the contest 'for' $10,-
Oflli, realizing upon "the turn before his wife
could stop him with Injunction proceedings. He
filed a cross-complaint to'her divorce suit aver
ring among, other ..things that he first met her
through* a matrimonial bureau".'
¦<*A divorce on the ground of cruelty was
KTanted yesterday to Zalpha I>. Eddy from
Allen G. Eddy, an engineer In the employ of
the .Souther!*. Pacific. ¦.• -. ,Vv-. •¦ •----..
Judge Graham denied the'application of Mar
tha Edelstein for. divorce from her husband
Harry Edelsteln. she having failed to prove
her allegation that he spent all his money 1 and
attentions upon one Edna Montgomery of Ala
mc-flu. -.
Judge Kerrigan yesterday cited William H.
Eadon to appear on June 24 and show causa
why he should not be punished for contempt
for failure to pay his divorced wife $135 ali
mony.
Divorces were granted to May Mllhern from
SeveVal Polish schoolboys at a Ger
man gymnasium have been sentenced
to terms of imprisonment from six
weeks downward for belonging to a se
cret society.
WASHINGTON, June 8.— It was ofHcIally
announced to-day that the following persona
have been selected to make speeches seconding
the nomination of President Roosevelt at Chi
cago: Senator Beveridge, Indiana: George A.
Kni~M, California; H. S. Edwards, Georgia;
Joseph B. Cotton, Minnesota; Harry 8. Cum
mlnBi-, Maryland.
of 3Ir. Roosevelt.
Men Who Will Second the Nomination
ORATORS ARE CHOSEN*.
Mrs. George Dillon Says She
Is Starving, While Hus
band Earns $65 a Week
tainty that Senator Fairbanks will aocept the
ice Presidential nomination if It cornea to
him and President Kocgevelt has called a con
ference for to-morrow with Speaker Cannon
and Representative Hltt. Undoubtedly th«
Vice Presidential question will be the chief
topic discussed. Representative Over*treet of
Indiana said to-nig-ht that Fairbanks would
accent.
"The purpose in bringing pictures is
to prevent a strike-breaker assuming
an alias and securing work In a union
camp. Hundreds of strike-breakers
have left here during the past, few
months, and. by means of photo-,
graphs, we have made it impossible
for them to secure work in- union
camps, though many have : tried.
These markings indicate nothing->and;
least of all, a conspiracy to murder."
Justice of the Peace D. L. Kelly to
day complied with a rqiiest from a
Citizens' Alliance committee for his
resignation. ' • ..'•'.
Unionists ridicule, the theory df the
mine operators that any significance
attaches to the marked photographs
of non-union miners found at the Vic
tor union headquarters. A -» union
leader said to-day:
"The prisoners will be treated falr»
ly," said General Bell. "It is not my
desire to inflict upon any of them
punishment that they do not deserve,
and as fast as is practicable they will
be sent away, or placed in the class
that will be held Indefinitely. I in
tend that every man innocent of the
crimes that have been perpetrated in
the district shall go free and every one
who is guilty shall be punished. I in
tend to have matters In shape within a
few hours, so that every business
house and every mine in the district
can open and proceed with business
unmolested."
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., June 8. —
General Bell to-day appointed a com
mission^o. try all.'prisohfiri; :; ? The com
mission Jte composed of -Mayor French
of Victor, Captain Gail Hoag. Colo
rado National Guard, and Judge J. M;
Gray.
General Bell Names Commission and
Promises Fair Treatment,
COURT TO TRY PRISONERS.
ber of the Goldfield City Council, had
been captured at Canyon City. Col
onel Verdeckberg at once requested
the Sheriff of Fremont County to re
turn Miller to Victor and the prisoner
will be brought here to-morrow.
Miller is charged with having fired the
shot that started the riot at the Vic
tor mass-meeting on Monday after
noon.
Dunnville sprang into prominence
•last week, when it was reported that
enormous quantities of free gold had
been discovered, and there was an Im
mediate rush to the place by union
men, who declared that no others
should be permitted in the camp. But
the camp was of mushroom growth,
and the thousands who encamped there
in the first two days of its existence
dwindled away to fifty or a hundred a
day. General Bell expressed the opin
ion that the camp was nothing but a
decoy and would be used by the miners
as a base of operations.
Dunnville is about twenty miles south
of here, and is said to be in Fremont
County which has not been declared
by the Governor to be in a state of in
surrection and rebellion.
one, ."had better get out, because it is
impossible for. him to be protected
there now." . , ..
The miners assert that when arrested
they were searched by guards of the
military and Citizens' Alliance and their
money and valuables taken. They also
declare that before they were placed
on the train they were lined up by
armed' members" of the Citizens' Al
liance and their. Federation cards were
taken from them. *
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
WIFE OF ACTOR
WANTS DIVORCE
TROOPS CHARGE AND CAPTURE MOUHTAIH STRONGHOLD
went heavily armed but also had a
big supply of ammunition On hand.
The Hodson strike was in progress
during a portion of their stay and one
of them was particularly vindictive
against the non-unionists, saying that
if he had his' way he would blow them
up. There were many conferences be
tween the strang-ers in their rooms.
They paid their, bills, promptly and
seemed to have plenty of money. One
of them left the house in March and
told the landlady that he had a letter
from Denver summoning him there for
work, as Federation men were needed,
owing to the fact that many of -the.
strike leaders were In the "bull pen."
The other-men did not say where. they
were going. Just, previous to leaving
the- men .spent 'some, time . in their
packing. They' made considerable
noise pounding, as if closing up a
box. They cautioned Mrs. Wilson
about answering any inquiries con
cerning them and instructed her to
deny that they had stopped at her
lodging-house. ' . ' . ¦'
place they had their mail sent. They
later engaged rooms in the lodging
house there and took their trunks and
baggage there. The house was proba
bly selected because one of them knew
Mrs. Wilson. Mrs. Wilson happened in
the room one morning and was sur
prized to find them unpacking a box
labeled dynamite and placing the con
tente in- a -trunk.:- Glancing- into -an
open trunk she also saw a lot. of giant
powder. The box from which they
had unpacked the dynamite tney gave
to her f 6r kindling, cautioning her to
expose it tothesun for a few days,
otherwise it might be dangerous. Mrs.
Wilson claims that at the time she did
not appreciate the-full meaning of the
men's action or of their subsequent
remarks. They told her they were
miners -and used the explosives in
their business. On another occasion
she saw-a lot of fulminating caps. Her
knowledge of the- nature of the' ex
plosives and caps is due to the "fact
that she was raised in the mountains.
.Mrs, Wilson says the men not' only
Mrs. Miller testified that three
months after their marriage, Septem
ber 12, 196l, she was obliged to re
turn her engagement ring to the
Jewelry company from which her hus
band boueht it because he did not pay
for it. He failed to support her and
she was annoyed by his creditors, she
alleged. He left her January 25, 1903,
remaining away for five months. He
returned at her request and lived with
her until October 4, 1908, when he de
parted permanently.
Mrs. Cheney testified that she had
supported her daughter almost ..ever
since the latter's marriage. Her son
in-law had not contributed an amount
exceeding 5200, ehe alleged.
ST.. LOUIS. June -8. — A -deposition
from Mrs. Annetta H. Cheney of Mon
terey, Cal., secured a divorce for her
daughter. Mrs. Harriet Miller, from
John A. S. Miller, divorce was
granted by Judge -Hough's division of
the Circuit Court after a lengthy hear
ing.
Epecla! Dispatch to The Call.
The overwhelming vote for Governor
Beckham for temporary chairman put
his adherents in the full control of the
temporary organization.
Governor Beckham. in his speech ac
cepting the temporary chairmanship,
announced that the full control of the
party was not of his seeking. He de
nied Senator Blackburn's assertion
that a. machine and not the voters con
trolled the party.
The district meetings in each of the
eleven districts were held for the pur
rose of naming delegates to the nation
al convention. Only one district — the
Fifth — declared for Parker. Of the
twenty delegates named at the other
ten district meetings, three are regard
ed as !>ossible Hearst men, six are for
Parker and eleven declined to express
a preference.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., June 8. — What
promises to be. a bitter contest for con
trol of the State organization came up
In the Democratic State Convention,
which met to-day. The result of the
first struggle, the election of a tempor
ary chairman, was a decisive victory
for the administration forces, l«d by
Sovernor Beckham. Governor Beck
ham was elected temporary chairman
by a vote of 817 to 322 over Judge
I'eake of Selby County. The fight
apainst the administration was led oy
Benator Blackburn, assisted by Senator
McCreary and Congressman D. H.
Smith. .
When the convention opened. ¦ btate
Chairman Alee Young made a lengthy
ppeech in which he attacked the meth
ods of the administration workers. At
the close of Chairman Young's speech
Congressman Ollie James placed Gov
ernor Beckham in nomination for tem
porary chairman.
United States Senator" Blackburn
nominated Judge Peake. Senator
Blackburn made a remarkable speech.
He asserted that the Democratic party
In Kentucky was falling into the grasp
of a machine and out of the control of
the voters. He declared that he and
his associates would contest the effort
of the administration men to. elect
Lewis McQuown chairman of the State
Central Committee. Passing to nation
al affairs, he spck» in favor of an un
instructed delegation. •
Allison, who is a very powerful fel
low, wrenched away from Hippe and
made another dash for liberty. Dep
uty Sheriff Downey, who was armed,
happened along at that juncture and.
drawing a revolver on Allison,
marched him back to prison.
Marshall is awaiting trial on the
charge of attempted murder. He es
caped from prison several years ago,
went to Montana, killed a woman,
served five years and was brought
back . here at the expiration of his
term. Allison Is about to serve twen
ty-four years for holding up a saloon.
It is supposed he is one of the men
who murdered Policeman Schenaman.
Marshall ran Into the Jailer's office,
where Deputy Sheriff Hogan was ly
ing on a couch. Hogan felled Mar
shall with a blow on the chin and
then pushed him into a cell usad for
special occasions yid slammed the
door. Allison, who came behind, at
tacked Hogan with a razor, and four
trusties went to the assistance of the
deputy. One of the trusties held Mar
shall in the cell while the fight was In
progress. Allison finally forced his
way through the trusties and ran into
the kitchen, where he knocked down
Deputy Hippe, who had gone to close
the outer door. According to the rules
of the prison, Hippe was unarmed.
When Allison ran out of the door into
the street Hippe gave chase. Picking
up a piece of rock he threw it at Al
lison and. striking him on the head,
stunned him for a moment. When
Allison recovered his senses Hippe was
on top of. him.
SEATTLE, June 8. — J. B. Allison
and Edgar Marshall, two of the most
desperate prisoners In the County
Jail, made an attempt to escape this
morning.- An exciting battle was
fought between the deputies and the
prisoners, the tide being turned in fa
vor of the officials by the trusties.
Marshall and Allison sawed the bars
of the. steel cage in which they wer*
confined and when Deputy Sheriff
Hippe was superintending the removal
of garbage from the cage to the kitch
en the desperate men made a break
for liberty. The door of the room In
which the cage is located was open.
It leads to the Jailer's office, and from
the office there is a passage to the
kitchen, where a door leads to the
outside world.-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
One of the Prisoners Gets
Into the S'treet, but Is
Retaken After Short Chase
Senator Attacks Opponents,
Declaring That the Party
Is Becoming Boss Ridden
Wife Says She Returned Her
Ring to Jeweler, Her Hus
band Failing to Pay for It
The men came here in February "and
registered at the Sherman House, near
the Southern Pacific depot, to which
STOCKTON, June 8. — A story con
veying the inference that desperate
men are operating under the cover of
the Western Federation of Miners was
told to the police to-day and It is now
believed that a band of dynamiters
was in this city in February prepared
for operations in the Hodson strike.
One of their number later . was . sum-.
moned to Denver. He is supposed to
have taken a large amount of explo
sives with him. under the cover , of
baggage.
" Four men are involved — one who
is said to be a district , official - of -the
Western Federation, another a native
of Oakland and the other two are
from the southern mining district. The
story comes from Mrs. Lou Wilson,
formerly Hartley, the keeper of a
lodging-house at 226»£ East Market
street.
BLACKBURN IS BITTER
UNFORTUNATE MATCH
TRUSTIES &1D OFFICERS
Proprietress of a Lodging-Hoiise Says That One of Four Men, Who
Were Well Supplied With Explosives, Told Her That He
" AVas-Going to Colorado.
Judge Grants Divorce to Cal
:: iiornia Woman on Writ
ten Evidence of Mother
State Administration Wins
in the Democratic Con
vention by Big Majority
Two Desperate Criminals
Give Battle to Deputies
, in County Jail at Seattle
LIVELY FIGHT
IN KENTUCKY
BONDS BROKEN
BY DEPOSITION
MAKE A BREAK
FOR FREEDOM
POLICE AUTHORITIES OF STOCKTON
LEARN WHEN TOO LATE OF A VISIT
PAID TO THE CITY BY DYNAMITERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALL, -THURSDAY, JUNE 9, 1904.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BORAXOLOGY
The creed of the Boraxologist is a plain
creed— eat 'plam food, wear plain clothes,
speak plain words and keep dean* And
the Boraxologist feels that no one can keep
really clean without BORAX. In the bath,
the toilet, the laundry, in house cleaning,
in all those processes of careful cleansing,
BORAX is invaluable* And yet the won-
djerful cleansing power of BORAX lies in
a very simple law- — it softens water*
There are many imitations and adulter-
ations of BORAX* Be sure you get
20-MULE-TEAM BRAND* It's pure*
Sold by druggists and grocers in x AjVi
and J-lb*' packages.
*''•¦¦ .' .' -'•;*, . - • • - iSiv^fi^S® 1
The famous « AMERICAN GIRL? PICTURES FREE to ptirchaamot
20-Male-Team Borax. At stores or sent for LB. BOX TOP and 4c. in stamps.
Pacific Coast Borax Co., New York, Chicago, San Frandsco. \\\
..'..,.- *.»-.,¦_.. .. '-..'a -,.- .,.20. Mule-Tram — Onr-Tra<*e- Mart -.'•-•* i.--.: ...... j ...
DR. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
/ // fa-ik// too far aa d the
/ // li'lv* woman who reaches
/ // t?.j over the cliff for the
1/ jy/ I coveted flower goes
J I a/ crashing down into the
/ abyss below. Just a
U / I little too far end the
*w//u woman, who, day by
</t A ' * ' day.nerlectstocnrethe
s?(M\ t womanly diseases which
&$Ml I (I weaken her is prostrated
yrzM* npon a bed of sickness.
*h^2J No woman should
trifle with the diseases peculiar to ber
eex. - Neglect today means a worse con-
dition to-morrow.
Dr. Pierce'a Favorite Prescription is a
safe and reliable remedy for the cure of
diseases peculiarly womvily. It estab-
lishes regularity, dries enfeebling drains,
heals inflammation and ulceration and
cures female weakness.
"My wife. Mrs. Mary Bstes, bat been taking
roar xaedidne aad recdved great benefit from
n," writes Mr. Ceo. Wxa. Eates, of Sprinjrgrove,
Va. «Was troubled with female wea£n«ss,
heavy, beariaf-down pains, severe pain in back
end bead, and a tired, worn-out feeling: all the
time. Tried all the remedies we could bear off,
tut they did no pood. Finally we wrote to rou
. aad my wife commenced taking ' Kavorite Pre-
•cription.' Took tea bottles, aad la ia better
beclth than before in a lone time. We shall
clways recommend Vc. Pierce's Favorite Pre-
scription to all who are thus afflicted."
"Favorite Prescription" makes weak
women strong, sick women well. Accept
do substitute for the medicine which
works wonders for weak women.'
The Common Sense Medical Adviser,
1008 large pages, in paper covers, is sent
free on receipt of twenty-one one-cent
stamps to pay expense of mailing only.
Address Dr. R. vT Pierce. Buffalo. N. Y. ,
I ADVEB,TISE3£E2ITS. j
LIU
Positively cared by theso
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. Aper-
• feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
j (wss, Bad Taste ia the Mouth, Coated Tongtio
| Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. Thej
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PI!!. Small Dose.
Small Price.
For Breakfast
OCEAN TBAVEL.
S Steamers leave Broadway
wbarres, piers 9 aad 11.
Ean Francisco.
For KetchiJtaa, Wranjel.
Juneau, HaJnea. Skaguay.
etc.. Alaska— 11 a. m. Jun*
4. 9. 14. 19. 24. July &.
Change to Company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
| Port 'iuwnsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.
Bellinsham— 11 a. m.. June 4. 0, 14. 19. -4.
July 5 Change at Seattle to this company »
ateam«rs for Alaska and O. N. Hy. : at Seattle
jor Ta-coma to N. P. Ky.; at Vancouver to
1 C P Ry
I 'For Eureka (Humboldt Bay>— Pomona. l:3O
P m.. June 3. 9. 15, 21. 27, July 3. Corona.
1:30 v m.. June 6. 12. 18. 24. 30. July 6.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los AnseUs and
! Redondo). San DWo and Santa Barbara—
I Santa Rcsa. Sundays. 9 a. re.
State of California, Thursdays, !) a. m.
For Los Areeles (via San Pedro and East
Ban Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mont-
erey, San Simeon. Cayucoa, Port Hartord (Saa
Luis Oblspo). .Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. June 8. 16, 24\ July »
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. June 4. 12. 20. 28. July «.
For Ensenada. Magdaler.a Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. MaiaUan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Me*.). 19 a. ra.. 7th each ma
I ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1904— Th«
! palatial excursion steamship Spokan» will
I leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria. June 7.
21. July 5. 1», Ang. 2. 1ft.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES- — 4 .New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st.and Broad-
way wharves. "Prciffbt Odea, 10 Market st.
C. D. DUN ANN. Genera! Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco. >
AM£BICAK LINE.
j Plymouth — Cherbonrsr — Southampton.
' From New York. Saturdays. U:S« a. m.
! Philadelphia June lSGermanic July 2
• St. Louis June 25. St. Faul ...July 0
ATUVNTIC TSAKSPOST JmJJXTI.
Hew York — London Direct.
Minneapolis , June 18. 9 a. m.
Mesaba June 25. 9 a. m.
Mlnnetonka July 2. 9 a. m.
Mirnehaha July 9. 2 p. m.
Only first-class passengers carried.
DOMINION LINE.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Eouthwark June is; Vancouver July 2
Canada June 25 Kensington July 9
HOLLAlfD-AMXRZCA LINE.
New Twin-Screw Strainers of T.I.50O Tons.
Now York — Rotterdam, Via Boulogne.
Sailing Tuesdays at 10 a. m.
Rotterdam June 21|Noordam July 5
Kyndam June 23!Staten.1am July 1-
RED STAB LINE.
Hew York — Antwerp — Paris.
From New York, "Saturdays at 10:30 a. m.
Zee land June 1M Vaderland July 2
Finland June 25iKroonland .July 9
WHITS STAB LINE.
New York — Queesstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesday.
Majestic. June 22.10 amiTemonic. July 6.10 am
Arabic. . .June 24, 3 pm.Oltic July S.I pnt
Oceanic. June 29. 7am;Baltic July 13,5pm
Boston — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Cymric lun* 1»J. July 14, Aug. 1"»
Cretic June 30. July 2S. Aug. 2T«
Republic (new) July 7 Aug. 11. Sept. S
NEW SERVICES FROM BOSTON
Fast Twin-Screw Steamers * ,
Of 11. 4M> to 15,000 tons.
BOSTON* DIRECT TO THE
MEDITERRANEAN. VIA AZ02E3.
GIBRALTAR, NAPLES. GENOA.
ROMANIC June 1«. July .10, Sept. \1
CANOPIC July 2. Aug. 27. Ort.. S
First olass. *65 upward, depending on date.
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast,
21 Post st.. Sarr»Franclsco.
Jfamburg-American.
Semi-Weekly Twin Screw Service
FOR PLYMCH'TII. CHERBOURG. HAMBURG
THE GBEAT OCEAN FLYEB.
S. S. Deutschland
ffiti'i ft. long— 23 H knots average speed.
Sails June 9. July 7, Aug. 4. Sept. 1.
Hamburg June 16!«+Moltke June 30
Phoenicia June 19!tPatricJa July 2
t'Bluecher ....June 23:*DeutschIand ...July 7
Pennsylvania ..June '£ T> fMxravia July 9,
•Has grillroom and en board.
. twill call at Dover only.
HAMBTJXG-AMERICAN LINE.
Offices. 35 and 37 Broadway. New York.
IIERZOO A CO.. 4O1 CALIFORNIA ST.
O. R. & N. CO.
COLUMBIA sails June «, 10 and 23. July «.
18 28. GEO. W. ELDER sails June 1. 11 ana
21. July 1. 11. 21. Only steamship Un» to
PORTLAND, OR., and short rail line (rom
Portland to all points East. Through tickets to
ail points. Steamer ticket* Include berth and
meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at It
a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept. I
Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agent
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
S. S. "WENTURA. for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thurs.. June 16. 5 p. m.
S. S. ALAMEDA. for HfinoIulu.Jun«'23. 11 ens.
S S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. July'2. Him.
I.D.SPBECHLS k BEOi Ca.iJtl.TiCtot Ofla 513 111-
teL, rnizHi oac3 333Mir^itSL. Piir/.fiui; »:.
C0XPAS5IS 6ENI1ULC TXUN3ArLAXTI?.?&.
DIRECT LINE TO 1IAVRE-PARI3. j^»*
Bailing every Thursday instead ° ;^ffiKani
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42.>«=™e»
North River, foot of Morton st
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $43 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 82 Broadway (Hudson building).
New- York. J. F. FL'OAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francises.
Tickets sold by . all Railroad Ticket Agents.
T , I. L'.J
To TT. S. HaTj Yard and TaHeJo.
STMRS. GENl FRISBIE. MONTICELLO and
ARROW— 9:45 A. M.. 12:30 noon. 3:15 P. M..
6 00 P. M.. 8:30 P. M. (ex. Sunday). Sunday >
9-45 A. M.. 8:30 P. M. Leave Vallejo 7:0u
A M.. 9:00 A. M. 12:30 NOON. 3:15 P. M..
8:00 P. M- (ex. Sunday). Sundays 7:00 A. M-.
*il5 P. M. Far* one way. 30c Landing and
<jffice~Pier'2, foot Mission at*' Phone Maia '
X50S. HATCH BROS.MISSOULA, Mont.. ; June ; 8.— Herman Par
sons, who killed Deputy Sheriff '. Edmond Tru
deau at tola : "on '; the : night f of '' February 14 '
nan been found guilty of murder In the sec
ond degree : and his sentence fixed at « ninety
nine year* In the State Prison. ;
Parsons jj Sentenced '> for Life.
SAN ' JOSE. ' . June . 8.— A banquet will be
given shortly by the Santa Clara County Bar
Association In ; honor of Judge* A. L. Rhodes
one of the most prominent Jurlsta of the State.
Jud»e Rhodes, who for sixteen years was a
member of I the State Supreme Court, is now
Judge ¦ of. the ' Superior Court i. of : this county.
The . time , and place for - holding , the banquet
has. not yetbeen agreed upon, .but committees
have been appointed and are now at werk on
the matter.
Judge Rhodes to Be Banqueted.
SAN DIEGO, $ June -8. — While his pretty
younr wife Is detained at trie home of her
unfo» giving .¦ parents, John Alumbaugh, the
young man of .Oceanslde who eloped with
Edna Adrian Donelly of Escondido recently,
is maklnp strenuous efforts to secure her
liberty. Alumbaugh applied to the Superior
Court to-day for. a writ of habeas corpus,
claiming that • his wife, is being ilk-tally im
prisoned ' and restrained of her I liberty, and
Superior Judge Conklln signed an order com
manding Mr. . and ; Mrs. Donelly to bring their
daughter Into court to-morrow to show cause
why she should not be given her freedom.
Husband Alleges That Parents of Ills
Wife Are Illegally Restraining
Her of Her Liberty.
APPEAflS TO THE LAW I
TO SECURE • HIS BRIDE
Privy Councilor Budde said that he had been
unable to trace $25,000 of the remainder. He
testified unwillingly, he said, as to this phase
of the bank'a affairs, but his oath compelled
him to say that Schultz and Romeick lavished
the bank'a money on charitable objects in or
der to procure titles and decorations for them
selves, although; they knew the extremely pre
carious condition of the ' bank.. .
The exact nature of the . bank'a relations
to Baron von ' Mlrbach. the agent of the Em
press in charitable matters, waa not disclosed,
however, until the trial of the bank's officers.
which began to-day. Privy Councilor Budde,'
manager of the Berlin Hypotheken Bank,
which succeeded the Pomeranian, testified that
the accused bank officers, Herren, Schultz and
Romeick. during 1000 drew $172,000 from tho
Pomeranian Bank, of which ? 112,500 was
placed at the disposal of the Baron von Mir
ach Charitable Association. •¦.: ,
BERLIN, ' June 8.— The painful Impression
made by the scandalous failure of the Pom
eranian Mortgage Bank was heightened , by the
knowledge that the Empress' charitable under
takings were partly financed through that in*
st Hut ion.
Charitable Undertakings Financed
Through German Institution That .
Has Collapsed.
BANK FAILURE INVOLVES
. NAME OF THE EMPRESS
ST. PETERSBURG, June 8.— One of thi»
most prominent officials of the War Office
sej-M that Important news from the front Is
expected withtn three days. . -..-
The manager of the 1 Uultic works has re
ceived .a message from the branch at Port
Arthur which he says was sent by wireless
telegraph by way of Chefu, The message
said that the work on the Russian battleship
Pobieda. which had a hole thirty feet wide
In her side. Is | proceeding satisfactorily.
Russian Official Hints That Decisive
Mpvemente Are Impending. '
EXPECTS IMPORTANT NEWS.
Captain Colcord Is loud in his praise of the
value of the recent Government work to the 1
harbor and says that the big Texan, whlcli
will be the next of the line to arrive here,
will come through as easily as did his ' own
vessel. Captain reports that he caught
no sight of the missing steamer Connemaugh.
SAN DIEGO. June 8.' — The steamer Amer
ican of the Hawaiian line arrived to-day direct
from New York with a cargo or about 7000
tons, of which IS0O tons Is for Southern Cali
fornia points. - With the Government ruts mad*
during/the, past ten months she was able not
only" to cross the bar but come through the
new channel in the middle ground without
let or ¦ hindrance.
to Snn Diego Wharf.
Vessel Through the Channel Up
Experiences No Difficulty Sailing Big
CAPTAIN OF THE AMERICAN
PRAISES THE NEW HARBOR
/ ,
PAN RAKAEL, June 8. — Another stilt was
filed this afternoon agalrftt the North 6hor«
Railrond as a result of the wreck of a funeral
train near Point Heyes. Jun* 21. 1903. L»r.
\V. F. Wyrkman asks for $27.MO damages.
He" was a passenger on the train and wai
severely injured.
Sues the North Shore Railroad.
LIAOYANG, June 8. — The Japanese
have evacuated their position near
Vafangow. The neighboring moun
tains are deserted and the recently
constructed' Intrenchments empty.
Japanese mounted scouts even are no
longer seen and the' Russian patrols
have failed to locate any Japanese as
far as Naf angkau. v
Mysterious Japanese Movements.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 8. — The
crews of the Baltic fleet have been
completed. Eight thousand men and
officers of the naval reserve were
taken from six provinces. The re
mainder of the naval reserves were
not called out. Grand Duke Alexis, the
high admiral, ' inspected the ships at
Libau and the Emperor will visit them
shortly.
Eight Thousand Men of t»»o Russian
Naval Reserve Called Out.
CREWS FOR BALTIC FLEET-
C E. Gardner, formerly of Santa Rr*a.
knew Peery well and can testify to the tattoo
marks on the breast and rient arm which,
correspond with tho«e on the d»>ad man.
whose general description also - fits Peery. A
telegram of Inquiry sent t> Santa Rosa brings
the Information that Peery Is not there and
has not been for some time.
gAKERSFIELD, June 8. — There Is reason
to" believe that the man whose remains were
fcund beneath the abandoned power plant Sun
day morning may be George E. Peery, for
merly of Santa Rosa.
as That of George E. Pecry.
C. E. Gardner Identifies Body Found
Under Power Plant at Bakersfleld
THINKS .MURDERED MAX
LIVED AT SANTA ROSA
SPOKANE. Wash., June S. — Two marriage
licenses •were secured within twenty-four hours
by rival' lovers seeklnsr to wed Dretty Alice
Patterson, the 17-year-old daughter of Mrs.
W. Thompson of 1006 Broadway avenue.
AY". A.> HoDklnaon. an uoholsterer. led the as
sault uoon the citadel of his lady love Tues
day by appearing at her home with a mar
riage licen^. His would-be mother-in-law,
however, sent him defeated from the house
without (teelnK Alice, who. had ceased\to love
him since he left for the coaet two months
ago. In his anger and disappointment the
young man left his license behind.
Bright" and early this mornlns TV. A.
Thomjfon called ui> the Auditor and said to
issue no more licenses for the marriage of his
daughter unless he or Mrs. Thompson appeared
In person' to give consent, as the girl was
under age. A few hcurs later, however, C. P.
Vincent, I aged 2S years, who Is employed in
a elgar-etore, appeared in the Auditor's office
and a«ked for a license to marry Alice Pat
.terson.. Mrs. Thompson, mother of the girl,
accompanied him to give her consent. The
marriage ceremony was performed by Dean
Ferine later.
Two Licenses to Wed Her Issued
Within Twenty-Four Hours by
Auditor of Seattle.
GIRL MAKES QUICK CHOICE
BETWEEN RIVAL LOVERS
TACOMA, June 8.— R. M. Green, a, prisoner
In the County Jail at Everett with four more
weeks tn serve, to-day married Miss Phoeb©
L. Caton, a pretty young woman, who. since'
hi* confinement, has Men a constant visitor
at the Jail. The match was sanctioned by
Miss Caton' s mother. Green has been a trusty
slr.ee his confinement and has work<^J tround
tho Coutthouye. Miss Caton's father objected
to the wed'linc and did not attend.
Mother of the Bride Sanetions the
3Iatch and Attend* the Wedding
Despite Husband's Objection.
PRETTY YOUNG AVOMAN
, MARRIES A PRISONER
TOKIO, June 8. — Four Japanese
gunboats which made a close recon
naisance of Port Arthur harbor at
midnight on June 6 for the purpose
of examining the entrance were ex
posed to a severe cannonade. Gun
boat No. 4 was hit eight times and
sustained some damage. One of her
sailors was killed and tw,o otherk were
wounded.
Japanese Craft Damaged During At
tack Upon Port Arthur.
EIGHT SHELLS HIT GUNBOAT.
FHOENIX. Ariz., June 8.— A warrant ifas
issjed to-night on the complaint of "W. E.
Fickas, charsc.ns It. IZ McDonald, superintend
ent of the Phoenix High School and the Phoe
nix Grammar School, with the crime of fcrgery.
He is accused of having attached the signatures
of the school trustees to orders on the County
Superintendent for warrants for salary to th»
amount of raore than $t>0O. Genuine orders
covering the same period of service had been
presented to the Superintendent, and the war
rants issued and cashed. The spurious orders
were given to Fickas, a money lender, to se
cure a loan of $000. McDonald was recently
employed as principal of the grammar schools
for another year. He left hcrr a week ago,
saying he was going East.
.Money Lender Swears Out a Warrant
for the Arrest of a Well-Knovva
Educator of Phoenix.
HIGH SCHOOL PRINCIPAL
IS ACCUSED OF FORGERY
NEW YORK. June 8. — Five thousand eoasi
marine firemen, members of the Marino Fire
men's Union of this city, have been ordered
to «rikf by Daniel Fulllvan. the general 8 »c
rrtary of th e rational •t-xecutlve board of the
Marine Firemen's Council. The strike is ex
pected to extend to all th«- roan cities from
Portland. M.< ¦:¦¦•. to c»alvej«t/>n. T*xar. It 1*
rhourfct that about 15,<juO will l« out wULln
th*- next two we<ks.
FIVE THOUSAND MARINE
FIREMEN WILL STRIKE
SAN JOSE. June .8. —Trouble ovfr a sight
draft has landed Paul T." .Wllkea. a Tonopah
newspaper man, promoter, duelist and former
society man In the County" Jail. The prisoner
claims to be the divorced tmctand of Mrs. H.
Leroy Jones, the society woman who created
a big seneatloo In New York a few weeks
ago by disappearing.
On Sunday last Wllkes gave the proprietors
Of St. Luke s Sanitarium a sight draft for $50
drawn on his brother, TMbman W. .Wilkes at
Ixm AngelM. The' draft was sent to the First
National Hank of Los Angeles and returned
dishonored because Thomas Wllkes could not
be found. In the meantime Wilkes went to
Santa Cruz tor a few days and returned last
•wnini to the sanitarium. A warrant had
been Issued tor, his arrest for Issuing a ficti
tious check and he was arrested.
WlIkeR declares that his arrest \» all a mis
take and exhibits a telegram from his broth
er flllnp him to draw on him for whatever
money he needo. He fays that the only reason
the draft was not honored was because the
bank people did not find his brother. -
Wllkes says he has spent three fortunes.
He claims to be the son of Rev. Eliza Tup
per Wilkes, a Unitarian minister of Iai* An
reles. and Jurize Wllkes, a former Jurist of
that place. VVIlkeB also claims to be the
hero of a duel with Warren Ratcllffe McVey
at Fort Lee a few years ago. Two bullet
scare are exhibited to bear out the latter
statement.
Paul T. Wllkes of Tonopah Is Arrested
on a Charge of Issuing n
Fictitious Check.
FORMER SOCIETY MAN
JAIIj AT SAN JOSE
LIAOYANG, June 8. — An entire ab
sence of personal feeling against the
Japanese is noted here. An incident
testifying to this took place here in a
restaurant which Is frequented by of
ficers. The war was being discussed
and also the recent disaster to the
Japanese warships off the Kwantung
Penjnsula, when an officer proposed
cheers for the brave Japanese, which
were warmly given by the "Russian of
ficers, who undoubtedly admire the
courage of the Japanese.
Evidence of Russian . Admiration for
Japanese Gallantry.
SLAVS CHEER THEIR FOE.
Ernest Brindle of the London Daily
Mail, who was with Etzel .when he
was shot, testified that their junk was
unchallenged by the soldiers and was
fired upon in spite of the fact that two
foreigners were plainly visible at a
distance of less than 100 yards. At
least 150 shots were fired at the cor
respondents' junk, which did not re
ply. Consul General Miller will for
ward his report to United States Min
ister Conger at Peking.
Brindle and Etzel were attempting
to reach Port Arthur.
The Russian authorities are doing
all in their power to assist the Ameri
can officials. General Kondratovich
placed A steim launch with twenty
five soldiers under the orders of Con
sul General Miller and otherwise ren
dered great aid in recovering the body
of Etzel. Consul General Miller
thanked General Kondratovich heart
ily for his kindness.
NEWCHWANG. June S. — The fun
eral of Lewis EUel, correspondent of
the London Daily Telegraph, took
place here this afternoon. United
States Consul General Miller held an
inquest yesterday, at which the Chi
nese General Lu acknowledged that
Etzel was killed by his soldiers.
ETZEL'S DEATH INVESTIGATED.
Consul General Miller Forwards Re
port to Minister Conger.
PHILADELPHIA. June 8. — Seventy
year-old Miss Alice Thaw, a cousin of
the Pittsburg millionaire, whose
daughter married the Earl of Yar
mouth, was taken yesterday from a
hovel, which for more than ten years
she has shared with rats, and was con
veyed to a place that has been pro
vided .by her wealthy relatives. Dur
ing all the years that Miss Thaw oc
cupied the hovel these relatives sup
plied money to her, but beyond paying
rent and buying meager supplies of
food, she gave her allowance to the
poor of the neighborhood. All pre
vious efforts to induce her to leave
the squalid house were fruitless.
Cousin of Millionaire Thaw Yields to
Entreaties of Relatives and Gives
Up Her Hovel Home.
LEAVES SQUALID ABODE
TO DWELL IN AFFLUENCE
BUTTE. Mont., June 8.— While the
Rev. Allen Rodgers, one. of the best
known Methodist ministers in Montana,
was attempting to subdue a fractious
caynse at Utica yesterday, the pony
whirled on the divine and, making a
lunge, kicked the clergyman in the pit
of the stomach. Rodgers was found
in a senseless condition in the stall of
the wild animal and death ensued sev
eral hours later. Rev. Mr. Rodgers has
occupied pulpits in this State for the
pust fifteen years and has identified
himself very prominently in the work
of the church. He was also a well
known Mason.
Well Known Montana Minister At
tempts to Subdue Animal and
Is Fatally Injured. -
CLERGYMAN" IS KILLED
BY KICK OF A PONY
ST. PETERSBURG. June 8. — The
Admiralty Is convinced that cither the
Japanese battleship Yashima or the
battleship Shlkishima has been lost
off Talinwan. This belief is based 'on
Chinese reports which have heretofore
proved reliable.
Lost a Battleship.
Russian Admiralty Believes Japan Has
CREDITS CHINESE REPORT.
LIAOYAXG, June 8. — Unimportant
engagements continue to take place on
the Fengwangcheng road between the
Motien Mountains and the Japanese
positions. They are principally be
tween Japanese cavalry and the Rus
sian advance posts. The reports that
the Russians had retaken Salmatsza.
which the Japanese had previously oc
cupied, are confirmed. Skirmishes
are occurring in the neighborhood of
Pulantien (about forty miles north of
Port Adams).
Cavalry Forces in Constant ' Touclt
Near FengAvangcheng. • %
OUTPOST ENGAGEMENTS.
It is stated the Fortuna has on her
deck the submarine boat Protector,
built at Bridgeport for Japan.
NORFOLK. June 8.— The United
States authorities are worried over the
suspicious actions of the Norwegian
steamship Fortuna, which sailed from
this port several days ago for "Cork
direct." It is reported the Fortuna
was anchored in Princess Bay, near
Perth Amboy, and finally sailed away
in a mist with what appeared to be a
submarine boat lashed on her deck
and which gave her a heavy list to
port.
Yesterday several men visited the
custom-house, secured all the Infor
mation, about her sailing and clearing
papers and hastily embarked on a
steamship for Old Point. There they
left for sea on a "yacht," supposed to
have been a revenue cutter.
Vessel Believed to Have a Submarine
Bout on Board.
CUTTEK PURSUES STEAMSHIP.
When the alarm sounded Miss Col
loway Jumped into the water. Two
men near by heard the noise, both of
the clock and the splash, and ran to
the dock. Miss Colloway was rescued
without much trouble, as her skirts,
forming a buoy, kept her afloat.
Miss Colloway heard that her sweet
heart was to be married at 8 o'clock
'n the evening. She bought an alarm
clock, and a short time before that she
went to the dock, carefully set the
•.lock and sat down to wait tilf the
t!ami rang.
WAUKEGAN, 111.. June S.— Xora
Colloway thought to have a glorious
revenge on her recreant sweetheart by
killing herself at the exact moment he
was to be married to another. To be
sure that she Jumped off the dock at
the right time she set her alarm clock
a.t the exact hour and, when it rang,
plunged into the lake.
Ml5s Coi'.ov.-py made three miscalcu
lations. The first was that she would
be the only one to hear the clock. This
resulted in her being rescued. The se<:
ond was in getting the hour two weeks
too late, for her former sweetheart,
said to be Allen Jackson, was married
fourteen days ago. The third was that
her skirts would hold her up.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, June S.— James Cantant
of Melrose Park is searching for his
wife, his two little girls and his sav
ings, amounting to J1000., He declares
that Charles Yuknewich is responsible
for the disappearance of "wife, children
and money. He believeg they have
gone to San Francisco and the local
police have asked the California au
thorities to look out for them.
. "I am particularly desirous of find
ing the children and the $1000. As for
the others, I am not so particular,"
said Cantant, when he told" of the dis-"
appearance to the police.
According to Cantant, Yuknewich
went to Melrose Park some weeks ago
and. ehortly after his arrival, became
acquainted with Cantant's wife. The
man called at his house many times,
but he had not the slightest idea that
his wife had formed an attachment for
Yuknewich. The news was first bro
ken to him when he hied to his home
yesterday at noon and found no lunch
eon i prepared. Me then searched the
house for his wife and children, but
they*were missing. His hunt for the
money was as fruitless as was his
search for his family. He Immediately
told the police of the disappearance.
The children are girls and are 3 and
5 years old.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. PETERSBURG. June 8.— The
reports of the sorties from and at
tacks on Port Arthur coming In from
foreign sources arouse the liveliest
interest here. The general staff is be
coming more reticent and the public
is convinced that an important battle,
which may decide the fate of the cam
paign, is impending. The outpost en
gagements between the main armies
of Generals Kuropatkin and Kuroki
have suddenly ceased. Such a lull fre
quently occurs after two armies have
been for some- time in touch and just
before they are ready to strike. Ku
roki has not yet moved, according to
the latest advices, but is drawing in
his skirmishers, as if preparing to do
so. Kuropatkin has elaborately forti
fied his position at Liaoyang.
Kuropatkln and Kuroki Soon to Meet
. In Decisive Combat.
GREAT BATTLE IS XEARIXG.
No attention is paid in London to re
mors that the storming of the fort
resses has already begun, because It Is
known that at the battle of Klnchou
General Oku had exausted his ammu
nition and an insufficient period has
elapsed duftng which the stores of am
munition pould be renewed and siege
guns brought into position. It is con
sidered likely that Admiral Togo is not
averse to Port Arthur wasting its am
munition in constant encounters with
the gunboats. This may explain the
rumored bombardments^ while the fir
ing on the land side may be due to pre
liminary operations having for their
purpose driving In the Russian forces.
X.ONDON, June 8.— The sudden in
terruption of the cable between Korea
and Japan is considered significant of
the imminence of important operations
at Port Arthur, the Japanese having
taken precautions, as usual, to 'cut the
means of communication with the out
side world and thus enable their naval
and military forces to work with ab
solute secrecy.
Two regiments of Ural Cossacks, the
pride and hppe of the Russian cavalry,
have been ordered to the front.
-Transports, twenty-five in number,
with full munitions and store, are
awaiting the clearance, of mines from
TaUenwan. ¦
Here military critics are thoroughly
nonplused at the situation and all
agree that no immediate move will be
made toward the rescue of Port Ar
thur and that the Japaneese retreat is
in the nature of a feint.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 8. — The
only news received to-day was that of
an, engagement at Wafandlen, the Jap
anese having 320 killed. They re
tired to Tsienchu, apparently believ
ing the Russians were advancing in
force. ';'-".
Special Cable to The Call and Xew York Her
ald. Copyright. 1904, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
ST. PETERSBURG.- June 8. — Over
and over agrain I have- heard anger
and ridicule expressed at the fantastic
reports sent from here suggesting that
General Kuropatkin'was being forced
Into a plan of campaign against his
judgment. On all sides these are de
scribed as totally untrue and invented
by those who wish to throw discredit
upon Russia.
A thousand carts are being em
ployed in removing stores from Xew
chwang to a point behind Mukden.
When this is completed he will deliver
a crushing blow to the enemy.
At one moment he contemplated
sacrificing Newchwang, but the value
of the war material there and the
shortage of the same at his head
quarters owing to the amount rushed
into Port Arthur at the last moment
made it of vital importance to hold
the place until the stores were saved.
This will explain much of Kuropat
kin's tactics that have hitherto been
somewhat inexplicable.
Kuroki's advance forces have made
several attempts to creep around the
Russian flank, but have been invari
ably repelled by the Cossacks. Simul
taneously cruisers and gunboats have
been bombarding the Kwantung coast.
SpeclaJ Cable to Th* Call and New Torlc H«r
aid. Copyright 1904. by the New Torlc
Herald Publishing Company.
Alarm Tells Nuptial Hour
and Girl Plunges Into Wa
ter, but Aid Is Prompt
Kuroki Fails in Attempts
to Turn the Flank of
His Adversary.
Indicates That Japan Has
Begun an Important
Movement.
Czar Orders Two Regiments
of Famous Ural Cossacks
to the Fron£
Golden State Officials Are
"Asked; to Watch for the
Woman, and Companion
COMING TO CALIFORNIA
SUICIDE SCHEME FAILS
Interruption of Cable Be
tween Korea and Japan
Is Ominous.
Three Hundred and Twenty
Japanese Killed in Wa
fendien Fight.
Unrequited Love Drives a
Maiden to Easli Act When
Her Sweetheart Is Married
Chicago Man Is Searching
' for His Eloping Spouse
and His Hoarded Savings
Russian General Preparing
for Decisive Battle
of the War.
WIFE, CHILDREN
AND COIN GONE
SETS A CLOCK
FOR FATAL DIVE
KUROPATKIN'S ARMY WILL MOVE
WHEN THE TRANSFER OF SUPPLIES
NOW AT NEWCHWANG IS FINISHED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 9, 1904.
3
,___ APVEBTISEMENTS. _„
I will be a saving of money to you to be present at a
Bargain Feast
which begins here to-day, to last through Saturday, June 18.
This Is the Store
that caters to all classes, and which carries the largest and^most complete
Big and Little Boys' Wearables : :%
in Summer, Vacation and Outing Clothes.
rC \Z 1 1 fl 111 *¦ - ¦ I I sPl 111 Vi^ g% #*i t t *** rk #1 ¦•% 1 *~%.
¦ »»**r-t * w v<jvi ui Owl VlwwctUlw
Khaki Suits Khaki Suits Sailor Suits
for Boys, for Boys, . for Boys,
Ages 10 to 15 Ages 14 to 19 Ages 3 to 10
Short Trousers, Norfolk Long Trousers/Norfolk It's just the time to buy
Blouse, neat, comfortable Blouse, tailor-made, best them - Washable ma-
outing suits; look well, qua lity khaki cloth; snap- JS^ ? olors ' in
fit well. Former price r ,, ' Gakteas, Ducks, Crash,
$2.50, now Py ' comfortabIe > P crfcct very desirable styles.
3 * fit, superior to all others. About 200 suits. Former
$1.90 Former price $5.00. now P rices $* and $1.25, now
Overalls . '. . 25c $3.45 V 80C
Girls* Overalls . . 50c Outing Suits,, long trous-
Mother's Friend Waists Outing Shirts, Sweaters, ers, ages 4^14 . .
50c Bathin g Suits, • Bandanna '¦ • . ¦-"> -_ $l' and $1.50
Blouses . . . SOC Handkerchiefs, Belts, all £^ g H «.t gre^S
Special Cotton Hose 25c at low prices. . duced prices.
RQOS BRQ5,
THere is no pepper tn
Schilling's Best ginger ; there's
nothing wrong in Schilling's
Best anything.
Money back.
i i DC D 1 1 M A A VALUABLE PREPARATION,"
I L"nU"nH f WRITES DR. KEMBALL.
of the Pelvic Organs.
4 Rachael J. Kcmball. M. D.. 334 f . fif'' ! &S\
I Virginia St., Buffalo. N. Y.. is a 4 Mlffes) 'XP'H-WA-rlL " •
Rraduate of the University of Buf- * \Mli!t^il !) ; iKf'S.f 1" r
falo. clas.s 1S84, and has been !n the i \/3fI2j '(*\Jf '•\£.-\ "i" " " 1 • m
practirp of medicine in that %lty <> -4*8»?5C r"\ZT'"'i ¦' L * . r "
A since then. She writes a» fJllows: n TKS^^^V'rK^'**^ t " J " "'"
I "My conviction supported" ; - jr
\ by experience, Is that Peruna !! «j «\ Hw>h^>£( 3*^
]; is a valuable preparation for* ' b| yp*^^^^^
'<> all catarrhal affections. it N -^S^^^^^^^^^
\\ have taken one bcttle of Pe- " AN^ ~/T^)T~\*>'^^
n runa myself and just feel fine. " -^JL fv^^^*^^d^"
!! I shall continue to take it."— ]! f^f^&yj? J$Z^
;; Rachael J. Kemball, M. D. || ';>&£'/ / *^
Peruna has cured thousands of cases
of female weakness. As a rule, how- vie diseases have no idea, that their
ever, before Feruna Is resorted to several trouble is due to catarrh. The majority \
other remedies have been tried In vain, of the people think that catarrh is a dls-
A great many of the patients have taken eaae confined to the head alone,
locil treatment, submitted themselves to Tills is not true. Catarrh Is liable to
surgical operations, and taken all sorts attack any organ of the body; throat,
of doctor's stuff, without any result. bronchial tubts. lun<«. stomach, kldneya
The reason of so many failures is the and especially the pelvic organs.
fact that diseases peculiar to the female Many a woman has made this dls-
¦—^¦¦^¦i— * sex are not common- covery after a long siege of useless
Female Trouble ly recognized as be- treatment. She has made the discovery
Hot Becog&Jzed Ing caused by e»- that her disease la catarrh, and that
as Catarrh. tarrh. These organs Peruna can be relied upon to cure ca-
. are lined by mucous tarrh wherever located.
membranes. Any mucous membrane is If you do not derive prompt and satis-
subject to catarrh. factory results from the use of Peruna.
Catarrh of one organ is exactly the write at or.ce to Dr. Hartman. giving ¦
same as catarrh of any other organ, full statement of your case, and he will
What will cure catarrh of the head will be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
also cure catarrh of the pelvic organs, vice gratis.
Peruna cures these cases simply because Address Dr. Hartman. President of
it cures the catarrh. Th«« Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus.
Most of the women afflicted with pel- Ohio. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cowboy Hats -H..35
Wear a cowboy hat on your vacation. The broad
brim will protect you from sun burn. Besides, you will
find them the proper thing for outing — they are worn
extensively this ' summer.
We sell a good cowboy hat, including a carved leather
# strap, as pictured, for $1 .25-
You can get the hat in any width of brim from 3
to 4 inches wide.
Hats like ours sell about the city for $1.50. Here
yo^i get'the hat and strap top for" $1.25-
Ont-of-tozvn orders filled — zvrite tts. .. ¦",
740 Market Street.GREAT SHIP FROM THE ORIENT BRINGS
DISTINGUISHED PEOPLE FROM PORTS AFAR
Four delegates to the national con
ventions from the Philippines arrived
yesterday on the liner Coptic. Two of
the. delegates are Judges of the Court
of First Instance, one of them is a Ma
nila merchant, and the other is Deputy
Collector of Customs at Manila. , None
of the dqjegates is sure of a seat at the
convention. This is the first time the
Philippines have been in line for repre
sentation and the question of recogniz
ing the delegates will be one of the
earliest problems before the commit
tees on credentials. \
Judge A. C. Carson is a delegate to
the Democratic convention and Judge
Trent has been sent to represent hla
constituents at the Republican . gather
ing.-^iJep'uty Collector J. S. Stanley
and J. 4 M v Switzer will also, if the con
vention.decldes to receive. "them, attend
the Chicago meeting. ,T. C. Reiser of
the Manila customs service, comes as
an. alternate to the Republican conven
tion, "and ¦ also;, as ' a delegate to the
Elks' annual gathering.
_Judge H. C. Bates, also of the. Court
of First Instance,' was' another passen
ger on, the CoDtic.. He is home on a
leave of absence. , . . s
/* According to the judicial trio peace
is a permanent institution in the Phil
ippines. The recent outbreak in Min
danao,' they, say, .while, serious in itself,
was purely a local affair and in > no
way indicative of any general feeling
of unrest.
Philippine Delegates
Arrive for Great
Convention.
' DISTINGUISHED PEOPLE WHO I
ARRIVED HERE YESTERDAY
, ON THE STEAMSHIP. COPTIC. I
' A woman five feet two inches high
should weigh 120 pounds.
EOCKF0BD, 111., June 8.— Ministers of the
Swedish Free ) Church of | America, la /confer-'
ence here to-day,' voted to marry no divorced
persons hereafter. Rev. A^- C. Lofgren of
Greeley. Cola, ¦ wtj ¦ elected , president. _.; : '"'.-.-
Will. Not Marry Divorcees.
. CHINESE , GAMBLERS 'GIVE IN. — Judge
Murasky yesterday ' discharged the ¦ alternate
writ of mandate he ' had . previously • Issued to
prevent -the Police -Department' from trying
Ah Tons and a dozen > other Chinese gamblers
charged with . violation of the . ordinance . of the
Board ' of .' Supervisors declaring -. It a ; misde
meanor to have gambling appliances- behind
closed. doors. The discharge -was ordered with
the consent of the attorneys for the Chinamen.
./, WANTS* H18. MONEY BACK.-— J. , H. Mo-
Callam haa sued to recover 11400 from C. E.
Piatt; 9. W.iBmlth and J. E. Platt. He pur
chased 4000 shares of ''stock in the Park Lum
ber Company: from the defendants and they
guaranteed, he claims, that It would pay, him
25 per Cent on ' the Investment the . first year.
They "also, . It Is averred, < took an option to
buy his 'stock at, a 10 per. cent advance. Me-
Caitam. alleges that the stock has. not made a
cent : and that Lthe defendants have not lived
up to their, guarantee > and also they have re
.Xused;to'buy bis stock, \- ; :-. . - ;, ¦•: ¦ .. - c
Boy Says Cook- Kicked Him.
Morton L. Cook, printer and adver
tising man, was arrested , yesteraay
afternoon on a warrant issued by Po
lice Judge Mogan charging him with
battery. He was released on bail.
The complaining witness against him
is Leslie Herbert, 1473 * Oak street,
whose father is chief steward on the
transport Thomas. The boy said that
he and Cook's son had a fight at Page
street and Central avenue- on Tuesday
afternoon, when Cook ran up to him'
and kicked him on the groin.
• Thia is salmon finning; time in Montterey Bay
and many nehermen who «njoy f this exciting
sport art at Hotel del Monte. Here la a novel
vacation, offering- a peculiar combination of at
tractions. The salmon fisherman may ¦ leave
hla wife and family at the hotel in the enjoy
ment of every comfort while he spends his days
In angling luxury on the- bay. -Already, many
have taken advantage of. .this. chance for an
outing and others are planning the trip,- -Del'
Monte Is more popular than ! ever . thia season
with golf, bowling, tennis, automobillng, rid
ing, driving and fishing as ,the chief allure
ments. .-•.-¦ • -. •» -.-¦-. • • "
Salmon Fishing at Monterey.
i City Bacteriologist Canney reported
to the Board of Health yesterday that
bacteriological . examination j of 'sam
ples .'of : milk from ; the dairy * of
Stone &¦ Co. disclosed the ; presence of
14,365.000 germs in each -cubic centi
meter. - Health 'Officer" Ragan states
that this number of germs is in excess
o£_that ' found in ; average sewage. , \
Milk Is : .Worse Tnan Sewage.
—Mrs. NettavVayle, 1215 Oak*street,
while seated on a bench; in the wait-""
ing-room at the ferry depot J shortly
after .1(7 o'clock on Tuesday morning"
fell asleep. . She awoke about 2 p.m.
and discovered that her, leather; grip
and contents had disappeared, 'as had
her. purse.Vcontaing $20 75. ' She noti
fied . the police, j . -; rV-V
Woman Has Costly. Sleep.
United States Commissioner Manley
yesterday held B. W. Nelson and John
J^Johanson for trial on a charge of
having solicited on the high seas^Eric
Gustaffsen to neglect his proper duty
as a member of the crew of the Bteam
er-Coquille' River. Their bail S was
fixed at $500 each. Jacob Swei and
A. Larseh, charged with the same of
fense, were discharged, the evidence
not substantiating the charge. "r, v
Sailors Held for Trial.
The Supervisors' Street Committee
yesterday heard the protests of a num
ber of property-owners in the vicinity
of Seventeenth and Ashbury streets
and Upp^r Terrace against further
blasting or quarrying in the district.
The committee referred the protests, to
the Board of Public Works for investi
gation and report.
The petition of the Standard Oil
Company^ for permission to carry
petroleum through a pipe, line in Six
teenth street was referred to the Fire
Marshal. ' , -
The committee reported in favor of
accepting Dorland 1 street, b£Tw«en
Church and Sanchez. V Action on the
acceptance of Harrison street, between
Twenty- fourth . and { Twehtj*>flf th, was
postponed on account of protests that
the work, was noVproperly done.
Supervisors' Street Committee Refers
to Board of Works
for Investigation.
MANY PROPERTY-OWNERS
; OBJECT TO BLASTING
' • Ffe'd-Tobelmann was arraigned be
fore Judge Dunne yesterday on a
Charge of murder and the cSse -was
continued till June 11 for him to
plead. Tobelmann ¦ had been living
apart from his wife, Mary, who re
sided with her brother-in-law at' 608ft
Minna street. On April 1- Tobelmann
went to the house and asked for a pri
vate conversation with his wife. Durr
ing the conversation he pulled a -re
volver but of his;pocket and fired four
bullets into her body, killing her in
stantly. : ¦
*-< Tobclmann Is Arraigned.
Another victinvof drug samples was)
recorded at the Morgue yesterday
when the body of 4 -year-old Theodore
Flatland of 911 Church street was
brought in by. Deputy Coroner Fen-^
nell. The child picked up an envelope
on the doorstep last Monday afternoon
containing samples of patent pills dis
tributed as an advertisement and ate
them. He was taken sick shortly
thereafter, and, his parents not sus
pecting the cause, did not think it nec
essary to obtain medical aid until .yes
terday mornihg, when he grew worse.
Mrs. Dr.' Wells was called and diag
nosed the case as one of poisoning.
Suspecting the eoufce'of the poison,
Sirs. Wells questioned.. the" child, -ytho
admitted that he had eaten, the pills.
He died at 1 p. m. This is the second
similar case reported this «,veek.'
Dr. Bacigalupi, who performed the*
autopsy on the body of littLe four
year-old Theodore Flatland, does not
believe that the child died of poison
ing. He found that the boy had peri
tonitis/ adhesions of the intestines,
with a large swelling of the mesen
teric glands, which , were apparently
undergoing degeneration. The " stom
ach and apportion* of the enlarged
gland were sent to the City Chemist.
Four- Year-Old Tlieodore; Flatlattd Fa ?
, tally Poisoned by Pills" Deft on -;.'.(
His Parents' Doorsteps ':'-- >
The girl has been twice arrested for
grand larceny, but each time the
charge was reduced to petty larceny.
On the first occasion, in January, .1902,
she was sentenced to ninety days in
the County Jail for stealing two gold
watches and $80, and on the second
occasion was sentenced to six months
for stealing a watch.
"Good»by, and I hope you are
happy. You want me to do this and
I am going to die *for you, and you
don't care. So let my father know it.
So good-by. Leave your picture on
me and let it go with me. Be happy.
Let my father know this to-day so he
can bury me."
In the envelope , was also the fol
lowing note:
"My Dear Father-^-This is the last
thing that I ask you to do, to take me
home and bury me ' with my mother
where she is. Good-by."
Tillie Ardaga attempted to commit
suicide in her room at 18 Mason street
early yesterday morning by swallow
ing a dose of lysol. She was sent to
the Central Emergency Hospital and
was soon pronounced out of danger.
A note was found in her room writ
ten in pencil and addressed to "Mr.
Sexton." It read as follows: )
Tillic Ardaga Swallows Dose of Poison
. After Writing Two Notes Explain
ing the Reason Why.
WOMAN OF TUG HALF WORLD"
TRIES TO END HER LIFE
SANTA CRt'Z, June 8.— The closing exer
cises of the Christian Brothers' Parochial
School were held iaet evening and degrees
\.ere conferred on ttte following graduates:
Tnomas J. Simmons, James L. Roney, Herbert
O. Beck. James J. O'Keefe and E. A. Rod
riquei. Rev. P. J. Fi?her addressed the
craauates, as aiso did Rev. Father Gleason
cf Ft. Joseph's Church, San Jose.
Degrees Conferred on Graduates.
GENTLEMEN'S SODALITY.— The member
ship of the Gentlemen's Sodality of the Immac
ulate Conception of. the Blessed Virgin Mary
will meet at the chapel on Hayes street Sun
day morning. June 12. at 7:20 o'clock. Dressed
in the regalia of the society and headed by
their efflcers and banners they will march In
solemn procession, to the Church of St. Ig
natius, where they will receive h«Iy communion
In a body at the 7:30 o'clock mass. ,
Atlantic Lines Cut Rates.
LONDON. June 8. — The White Star, Domin
ion and Allan lines have decided to cut steer
ig e rates from Liverpool and Glasgow to
American and Canadian ports to $15, commenc
ing June 11. The cut will be met by the
Canadtan Pacific Railroad line.
The Supervisors'.; joint Building and
Street Committee yesterday settled the
protest of the Henry Cowell Company
to the contract for cement to be fur
nished to the Board 'of Works being
awarded to the Western- Fuel Com
pany. If was decided to split the con
tract so that each "company will fur
nish 500 barrels at $1 80. The Cowell
Company objected to the Western Fuel
Company's bid because it did not in
clude cartage, . although James' B.
Smith, president, of the company, filed
a letter subsequently in .which he
agreed to deliver the cement. The
price is 15 cents less than is being
paid in open market. The Cowell Com
pany had bid 51 86 per barrel deliv
ered. The representative of the West
ern Fuel Company offered to withdraw
its bid if the committee so desired, but
the committee thought its action as
noted would be fair to. both parties.
, — v
Supervisors' Committee Favors Divi
sion of the Contract Between Two
Rival Concerns.
CHICAGO. June 8.— In a, suit brought by
Nela O. Hultberg of San Jose, Cal., and the
Swedish Evangelical Covenant of America
against P. ' H. Anderson and Dr. C. W. John
son, growing out of a dispute over possession
of Alaska gold mines. Judge Smith, in the
Circuit Court, to-day decided that JIultberg
may collect a Judgment for SiT-i.OOO against
Anderson. An injunction against Hultberg re
straining him from collecting the judgmea*
was denied.
SWEDISH CHURCH WINS
IMPORTANT LAWSUIT
VALLEJO, June fc. — The Woman's Improve
ment Club will arrange (or and carry out the
telebratlon of the approaching "^celebration of
th< Fourth of July in this city. The celebra
tion is to be held In the City Park, which the
club has had in charge for several years, and
which it has greatly improved. Music will be
fcirnishrd by the Mare Island Station band.
tre Declaration of Independence will be read
and exercises held in keeping with the great
anniversary. Patriotic pongs will be v\xnr by
children and there will be athletic sports of
r iiry kinds.
Vallcjo to Hold Big Celebration.
Charges Against Dairy Inspectors.
Health Officer Ragan yesterday filed
charges with the Civil Service Com
mission against Dairy Inspectors
Smith and O'Connor, who were re
cently suspended by the. Board of
Health. The inspectors are accused
of dereliction of duty in hiving re
ported dairies to be in flrst-class con
dition which on subsequent investi
gation were found to be unsanitary.
DIXON, June 7. — II. Engle, a prominent
northern Sclano farmer, was killed this morn
ing by falling from a load of hay. He was
pulling «n a trip rope attached to a derrick
fork, when the rope broke and he fell from
the top of the load to the ground, striking on
his bead. Hta neck w&s broken.
Falls From the Top of a Wagon Load
of Hay and Strikes on His Head,
Breakins His Neck.
SOLANO COUNTY FARMER
IS ACCIDENTALLY KILLED
' MANILA. June 8. — The Casino Espanol. the
Spanish club of Manila, has decided to- par
ticipate In the forthcoming Fourth of July cele
brations cere.
The Casino decided on this course because
of the honors paid by the American army
and navy to the dead Spanish soldiers and
sailers burled at Manila and Baler. At tha
latter place, in Northern Luzon, a few Spanish,
.soldiers during the native insurrection agair.at
Spain defended themselves most heroically
against a large force of insurgents.
turn Honors Given to Heroes
of Castile.
Spanish Clnb of Manila Will Re-
CASINO ESPANOL WILL
CELEBRATE THE FOURTH
DRUG SAMPLES KILL , / : V ¦ - - .• V.
another; little/ child
Chun Afong, the, founder- of the fam
ily and fortune of the Honolulu Afongs,
lives at Macao. H*e is- now 88 years
old and, according to his son, is enjoy
,ing the evening of his life tottering
'around ».mong\the friends of his youth.-
Toney and his son will visit, the 'St:
Louis Exposition, and - other, points ; 'of
interest in the Eastern States before
the son settles down to schooland the
father returns to his business in Hong
kong. ' '-' ' : ? :' '. ' . ; ; ''
¦ - . .' 1 - •• ¦• '*¦'.".•¦. . . ¦ ¦ ".'
his duty, but he appeared to be very
much nettled because the etory had
become public.
Mrs. Carrie Riggs is well known
here and. has .come to. visit her
sister, the wife of Admiral Whiting,
commandant of the. Yerba Buena naval
training * station. sToney' C. Afong, a
brother of Mrs. Riggs, and son of Chun
Afong, the venerable head of the nu
merous and well known Honolulu fam
ily, has not been in America" since ¦ he
was a little boy.
Toney Afong was taken from Hono
lulu to China by his father nfteen'years
ago and has since made his home in
Hongkong, where he is interested in
the Douglas Steamship Company. .He
left Hongkong on the Siberia . antl,
stopped over . at -Honolulu to
visit his mother and renew his ac
quaintance with his boyhood home. He
has with him his son, Chun Wing Sen
Afong,' whom he is taking East to have
prepared to enter Harvard University.-
This youngest Afong was born 'in
China and although he speaks faultA
less English is, according to his. father,
a thorough Chinaman. Young Afong
has been carefully educated by .private
tutors and bis father expects 'that 1
about four years in an Eastern school
will equip the youngster with enough
education to qualify him for admission
to Harvard, which is Toney Afong's
alma mater.
BAKERSFIELD, June 8.— There was a
sensation In the Hulse care to-day when a new
witness, Irene Craig, testified that ten or fif
teen minutes before the shooting Hulse entered
the brewer}', took a drink with her and then
went down M street. This would take Hulse
t i thin easy reach of the Joeshouee and the
time fixed directly conflicts with the testimony
given at tiit former trial and which tended
ti establish an alibi. The damaging charac
ter of the testimony was* quickly recognized
by the attorney for the defense and he closely
questioned the witness, but failed to weaken
her story.
Prosecution Proves by a New Witness
That Prisoner Was in the Vicin
ity of the ,Josshou9C.
GIVES STRONG TESTIMONY
AGAINST DEFENDANT 1IULSE
at St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS, June A — Don Manuel Orvera.
a Spaniard, who waa Introduced last Sunday
when the bull fight was attempted, -a» the
favorite matador of the King of Spain, was
shot through the heart to-day by Carlet.m Bass,
known as the "American matador." Bass and
five other bullfighters whb witnessed the shoot
ing were arrested. The shooting resulted from
a quarrel regarding the bullfight fiasco Sun
day, when the authorities stopped the .fight
and the angry crowd burned the arena- struct
ure.
Man Who "Was Known as Spain's
Favorite Matador Is Killed
BULLFIGHT FIASCO
RESULTS IN MURDER
Mrs. Carrie Riggs Is
Held Three Hours
as Chinese.
PITTSBURG, June 8.— A sensation was
caused In the Orphans' Court to-day during
the hearing of the suit of Nettie W. McLean,
farmer. stenographer for Recorder J. O. Brown,
deceased, to recover eighty-eight shares of
Colonial Trust Company stock from Brown' a
estate. A handwriting expert testified that
the stub checks submitted by Miss McLean
to support her claim were bogus and that
the paper on which the checks were ma! ¦
and that of the alleged stubs came from two
different printing hci^es.
nandwritinc Expert Declares That
Check Stabs Submitted by Woman
Plaintiff Are Bogus.
FRAUD IS CHARGE© .- ¦
IX PITTSBURG SUIT
From both Japanese and .Koreans,
paid B. L>." Stoner, they received the
most considerate treatment.' There, was
no interference -with the property of
the concession and, where they came
into contact with" the soldiery they
found the military men courteous in
the extreme. Work is still going on
in the concession, but labor is growing
scarce, as the $3 a day offered. by the
Japanese for laborers*, to assist" the
army has attracted many of , the Kor
eans formerly emplosied'in the mines.
Stoner has a good opinion of Ihe
Koreans, who have been described by
many travelers as mere aiphers among
men. Stoner has worked among them
long enough . to apeak with authority
of theirv worth. They are patient and
faithful workers, . he. says, . and proper
ly directed are capable of great accom
plishments. They lack Initiative, he
says, hut in time, under- proper guid
ance, should be able to make them
selves quite, a force in the paths of
peace, for they are not fighters. Stoner
and his companions are home on a six
months' leave of /absence, at the ex
piration of which they expect to re
turn to Korea.
SETTLES DISPUTE OVER
BIDS FILED FOR CEMENT
left Korea many soldiers, both Cos
sack and 'Japanese, had passed through
the concession. The -.Japanese, how
ever, were in the majority: and latterly
the troops of the Czar were not vis
ible. . , v . ;..;..;....
Four ' American mining engineers,
who have been , working on the I^eigh
Hunt concessions; in Korea, returned
yesterday on' the liner. Coptic. They
are.M. Gallagher, F. "W. Deal, C. G.
Dennis and B. L:; Stoner. Before: they
The home of his pretty charges is in
the Punjab. The young ladies profess
Christianity, greatly to tne disapprov
al, says Secretary Hatch, of their mili
tary papa. They expect to enter some
Eastern college, but have made no se
lection yet. They go from here to Bos
ton, where they will remain until they
find a college which will accept the
girls upon their educational, qualifica
tions. They speak English with a
charming accent, are on intimate terms
with the intricacies of mathematics
and are both .well versed in the
mysteries of Sanscrit and Persian. Ot
Latin and Greek, however,* they have
none and Rev. Mr. Hatch fears that
without this knowledge they may have
some- difficulty in securing admission
to the kind of college they desire.
They come here as students, but hope
to return to India as full-fledged mis
sionaries. • .— \
Two young ladies, natives of, India,
in search of education as they expect
to find it in America, arrived here yes
terday from the. Orient on 'the liner
Coptic. They are the Misses Ethel and
Dora Maya Das and are* daughters of
a. high caste East Indian, who holds
a high commission in the British army.
Miss Ethel is somewhat of a dazzling
beauty and both girls are highly edu
cated. They are traveling under the
chaperonage of Rev. F. ' S. Hatch, M.
A., who is general secretary of the
Christian Endeavor. Society in India.
The reverend chaperon has been in the
Far East. for three years and during
that time has visited branches of the
Christian Endeavor Society in India,
China and Japan, traveling, in so do
ing, more than 40,000 miles..
Commissioner North said that Dr.
Gardiner had acted within the line of
I was on duty at the gangplank when Mrs.
Riggs came down with her brother and her
n*u>hew. Both the men had the proper papers,
signed by Honolulu officials, which entitled
thorn to land, but ths lady had no papors
such as are required by law. or any papers
at all. In such matters the law leaves the
official without an}' discretion, and it dbes not
exempt any persons of the Chinese race from
Its requirements, no matter whether they are
married to Americans or not. The momeiV
that the steamship company notifies us that
Chinese or descendants of Chinese are on
board it la our duty to stop them until they
prove that they -are entitled to land. If we
did not do It we would be liable to prosecution.
Every courtesy was shown the lady and her
statement was taken, as required by the law.
I found her to be a lady or refinement and
culture.
The lady arrived with Toney C.
Afong and Chun Wing Sen Afong, her
brother and nephew, who came from.
Shanghai by the steamship Siberia
and stopped over at Honolulu to ac
company their sister hither. Dr. John
Endicott Gardiner, a Chinese inspec
tor, was at the gangplank and stopped
the party. The brother and nephew
exhibited papers, signed by the proper
officials at Honolulu, certifying that
they were American citizens under the
act annexing Hawaif to the United
States. Immediately upon the produc
tion of. the papers they were allowed
to land. Mrs. Carrie Riggs, however,
had no papers and Dr. Gardiner, who
is one of the most courteous officials
in the Federal service, informed her
that under the law and his instruc
tions he had no discretion, but would
have to report her arrival to his su
perior officer..
Mrs. Riggs was inclined to be in
dignant, but after the situation had
been . explained, she acknowledged
that, unpleasant as the episode had
proved to her, the inspector was sim r
ply doing his duty and in the least of
fensive way possible. Dr. Gardiner at
once communicated with Charles Me
han. Inspector in charge of the Chi
nese bureau, and Mr. Mehan directed
that the usual statement should be
taken from her as to her identity, age,
birthplace, etc. This was done and
when Immigrant Commissioner North
arrived at his office shortly after 9
a. m. Mr. Mehan laid the facts before
him, whereupon the Commissioner or?
dered that she be landed without fur
ther ceremony. An inspector was sent
to the steamer with the order and the
lady was released at once. /The steam
er arrived at the wharf at 7:45 a. m.
and Mrs. Riggs went ashore at
10:46 a. m.
Dr. Gardiner made the following
statement regarding the affair:
lire. Carrie Riggs, a young and
talented member of the Afong family,
was detained for three hours on board
the steamship Coptic yesterday-fore
noon by the exigencies of the Chinese
exclusion act.
SACRAMENTO, June 8.— William F. Herrln,
hefcd of the law department of the Southern
J'aclflc Company; State Senator Robert T.
IK-vlin and bis brother and law partner, Wil
liam H. Devlin, have been cited to appear
before Superior Judge Shields on June 27 to
thow cause why the)- should not be punished
for contempt of court.
Several months ago Judge Ogden of Oak
land, sitting for Judge Ehields, issued a per
manent injunction restraining the railroad
<-¦ ir.pany frcm running trains on McCarty's
lend. The company made a motion for a new
trial, which Judge Ogden granted. McCarty
appealed from the order granting the new trial
and now claims the appeal kept the injunction
in effect. Btnce the granting of the new
trial the company has operated trains on the
disputed land and erected fences along the
right ct way. hence the citation against the
attorneys, who represent the company in the
litigation.
Allegation Is Made That Southern Pa
cific Company Has Disregarded an
Order of Injunction.
ATTORVEYS FOU RAILROAD
ARK CITED FOR CONTEMPT
East Indian Girls Seek
Wisdom of the
West.
Arm of Federal Law
Impedes Daughter
of the Afongs.
Mining Experts Come
From Concessions
in Korea.
Sacramentan Receives Letter Outlin
ing Plans of Dead Turfman.
SACRAMENTO, June ».— B. TV. Cavanaugh
of thl» city has received a letter written by
"Cae*ar" Ycranfr. the well known turfman ami
bookmaker, whose tragic death In New York
is betas Investigated by the authorities. The
letter Is dated June 2. and In It Young stated
he would leare for England the- following
day, returning In August, when he would
come to Sacramento and consult with Cav
anaurh about making a bid for the betting
privilege at the coming. State fair.
YOUNG WROTE TO CAVAXAFCHI.
CARSON CITY, Nev., June 8.— NewB
has Just reached here of a murderous
assault made Saturday night by mask
ed men at Goldfleld, one of the new
mining camps in the Tonopah district.
The men, who were all heavily armed,
entered the engine-room of the Combi
nation shaft at Goldfleld shortly before
midnight and shot Engineer Robert
Dempsey in the right thigh, Inflicting
a painful wound. An old man wit
n?w»d the shooting.
Th<» masked men Ihen ordered both
Tvitnet-s and victim to leave with them
and the party started northward in the
direction of Colombia.- After walking
about half way to that town the as
sailants turned back, leaving the
vounded engineer on the desert. ¦<'.. !>\
D^mpsey, bleeding and faint, made
his way in the darkness to a house in
Colombia and aroused the inmates. He
v as given shelter until morning and
during the day was taken to Tonopah.
Hf Is now in a hospital.
The shooting is belived to have beeu
l-rompted by Dempsey's refusal to join
h union. The officers of the union de
iiounce the murderous act in unmeas
ured terms.
Special Dispatch to The Call
PORTLAND, Ore.. June 8. — After
hunting: and trapping for nine years in
the wilds of Alaska, J. A. Hockenberry
returned to Portland to his family. But
he got a cold reception and was told
by his wife that he had better go back
to Alaska. Hockenberry left the house
without making any trouble, but on
Monday night he returned during hi?
wife's absence, loaded a rifle in -the
presence of hla little son, and then
waited for her to return from prayer
meeting. She learned that he was in
the house, and being afraid to entpr
telephoned to the police from a neigh
bor's. A married daughter. Mrs. Lottiw
Warner, obtained a warrant for her
father's arrest this morning on a
charge of threatening to kill her
mother. Hockenberry has not yet been
found.
Special Dispatch ta The Catl.
Daughter /Asks for Arrest
- of the Prodigal, Fearing He
May Murder Her" Mother
Victim* Is Taken Out on the
Desert and There Left
to Die by His Assailants
WOUNDED IN THE THIGH
WIFE IS UXFOKGIVING
Murderous Assault Is Made
on a Sine Employe in New
Camp in Tonouah District
Eeturns Home From Alaska
After Nine Years' Absence
and Is Shown the Door
ENGINEER SHOT
BY MASKED MEN
HUSBAND GETS
COLD RECEPTION
THE, SAN FRANCISGO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE: 9-1904;
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREE TO MEN!
Do you want to be a big, husky man,
¦with vim and power in your every ac-
tion, with couraire, self-confidence and
ambition to "do tningd"? Do you want
to get rid of that feeling: of gloom, that
weakness In your back, that nervous,
worn-out feeling which unfits you for
business or pleasure?
Do you want to feel like a man. all
over, to hold up your head with the
knowledge that you are the man that
nature meant you to be?
1 don't think the man lives who would
not like to feel as big and strong as a
Sandow, and I know, that if you have a
reasonable foundation to build upon I
can make you a bigger man than you
ever hoped to be. I want you to know
that, you who can't believe it, and I
want you to have my book. In which I
describe how I learned that strength was
only electricity and how I learned to re-
store it; also I want to tell you the
names of some men who will tell you
that when they came to me they were
Physical wrecks, and are now among the
finest specimens of physical manhood.
Don't wait a minute. Send for this
book now. If you will Inclose this ad. I
will send it sealed, free. Call for free test.
Dp. M. C. McLaughlin,
906 Market street, San Praaclseo.
SALESROOM OP j
SHAINWALD, BUCKp & CO.
Thursday, June 9th> at l2 0Cl0Ck - No °"
BUSINESS PROPERTIES OF THE |j
JOSE GUARDIOLA ESTATE J
ADHINISTRATOR'S SALE I
Kortheast caraer California aad Hansom* atxaets, lot 45x90 ' j'j
ft. Improvements, throe-story and basement brick buildlasr. H
i»«nnti rants $12,390. No Isaacs. M
Kos. 34 to 63 Sills street. £ot 90x137:6 ft. Improvement!, H
modern four-story and baaemeat brick building'. Stores, lofts iit
- and offices above. Annual reats $17400. Ho leases. \ i
So*. 117-119 Pine st. I.ot 50x91 a ft. Tnree-atory andtoa-a*- * B
meat brick building/; Just vacated, rormir rent $3600 per an- \\
num. Reasonable amount spent in renovation will produce \\
largely Increased rent. ¦. il
in— \ mam ' # £ J
No». i 318-330 OTarrell rtre«t, near Maion. lot 68x137:8 ft. \\
Three-story and basement brick bulldinar. (Palo Alto Stable.) • H
Bent saioo per annum. No lease. Present rent nominal. Can " :
be materially advanced by fftrtnr lease. f ]
Kos 9-11 Barley pUca (off OTarreU street, between Grant I
avenue ana Stockton street), lot 42:6x60 ft. Pour-story and ' \\
- basement brick bulldlnr. rented as a piano warehouse at $1800 * L
per annum. 5 ' ¦- ¦ *i
NOTE. — The lneomee on all of the above properties can be largely * il
increased immediately by giving leases. f!
Tne "Seredla Tract." containing; 1523 matt* of land in vH
___ Placer. County. California. = . * ;,--.. . . ; p
BBGKBEE & C0.1
218-226 Montgomery St. Mills Building } JSAN JOSE, June 8. — A mass meeting of
th» property owner* of Berryeesa was
held this afternoon for the purpose of assist
ing in the construction of an electric railway
from this city to Berryessa. The road will
b« of standard - gauge and will rua from the
heart of this* city -to Berryessa. /
Will Build a Railway to ' Berryessa.
L.OS ANGELES. . June 8. — General Manager
Wetls of the Santa Pe said to-night regarding
the present strike' of th« bollermakers on the
Santa Fe. system: "Jf It- were not for stokk
ades. bunkhouses and deputies employed Fur
th»* protection of the new men we would not
know there • had ever b«en - a strike on the
Banta Fe system."
Satisfied With Strike Situation.
PERSONAL.
• George Bronson Howard, the well known
American newspaper man who was sent to the
Orient to report the .War for the London
Chronicle and was deported from Newchwanic
by the Russians, has arrived in this city and
Is staying at an uptown hotel.
¦: Dr. Irones, surgeon of the iteamihlp Coptic,
is at the 8t. Trands.
Dr. and Mrs. K. D. Ledenian of New York
are at the St. Francis. 1 .
A. McC. Achley of Syracuse.- who Is on his
way to Honolulu to take charge of the United
States Weather Bureau there, is at the Occi
dental with hii wife.
Dr. J. Hundhausen of Germany la at the
Palace.
Dr. W. C. "Wedrt of Mariposa • registered : at
the Palace yesterday. ' ¦ •
W. : E. "Duncan, a mining man of Oroville,
Is at the LJck.- .- .'
The Game Cornmissioneri have taken
active measures : to protect young: birds
in their .nests' from -slaughter,, but the
gas range cooks anything if .bought from
San Francisco Gas and Electric Co, - •
Apply the Torch . to Freight Cars
Robbed by. Them In the Yards
at Needles.
8AN BERNARDINO. June 8.— About mid
night last night a car of groceries consigned
to the Home Supply Company of Needles
was found burning In the railroad yards at
that rxilnt. An impression prevails that the
cars were set on fire by tramps. . A number
of , other cars standlne beside it were found
to have been broken into and robbed.
TRAMPS START A FIRE
/;> TO MISLEAD THE POLICE
Abandons Its Original Plan of Build
ing Branches to Spokane and Ta
coma From British Columbia.
TACOMA, Wash., June 8. — decent rfcogni
tion by hfch Canadian Pacific officials of the
proposed Corbln road from Spokane to the
British Columbia line, as the Spokane con
nection of the Canadian Pacific, Indicates that
the latter line has abandoned Its plan of con
structing branch lines to- Spokane and Tj.
coma, though the company organized for that
purpose. •
CANADIAN PACIFIC LINE
TO USE COKBIX ROAD
Coroner Brown, following the decision
on the writ of habeas corpus, the pris
oner was taken to the Coroner's office.
Levy then asked that the Coroner pro
ceed to exercise his function as a mag
istrate and proceed with the ex
amination of the prisoner.
Levy said he was prepared to fur
nish bail In a reasonable amount.' A
bondsman was at hand,' he said, and
would like to have the bail fixed and
the prisoner released.
"This woman is charged with mur
der in the first degree," said Jerome,
"and no magistrate is empowered to
accept bail for one charged with that
offense."-.';-; ;> ;;iS- '•-
"I will settle that matter," returned
Coroner Brown, "by laying that I
shall not accept bail. That is my
prerogative. The prisoner will return
to the Tombs."
IDENTIFIED BY PAWNBROKER.
Alleged Proof That "Xan" Patterson
¦'.'... Purchased a Revolver.
NEW YORK, June 8.— The World
says that it was a pawnbroker and
not Witness Katz who ¦ was taken to
the Tombs Prison, and that he iden
tified "Nan" Patterson as the woman
to whom he sold a pistol. < When the
pawnbroker scanned "Nan's" face Bhe
bowed her head and put her hand to
her face. It was after this identifica
tion that Coroner Brown said:
"In view of the recently obtained
testimony I decline to admit this
woman to bail."
METSON IS EXECUT0R.4-W. H. Meteon,
law partner of Patrick Ready during the lat
ter" s lifetime. wa e yesterday by Judge Coffey
appointed administrator of the Reddy estate.
Mr. Metson was named as executor in the will
and In his application for the appointment at
this late day he recited that he had been
absent from the State and the major portion
of the estate had been administered by the
relative* of the deceased, . but he had not ; re
nounced hl» rights as executor. The unad
mlnlttcred remainder of the estate In Cali
fornia'' Is ' valued 'i at $58,600.'
BAKERSFIELD, June 8. — A man,
supposed to be J. A. Valentine of 225
North Main street. Los Angeles, ha^
been found dead In an Isolated cabin
in Kelso Canyon, fourteen miles from
the railroad at Caliente. He had been
shot four times in the head. A revolver
was found near his hand, but from the
nature of the wounds It is believed he
was murdered. He had been dead sev
eral days. No one knew him and the
only clew to his identity is several let
ters signed by the above name in
which he gave the Los Aaseles address.
He was presumably a miner or pros
pector.
LOS ANGELES, June 8.— J. A. Val
entine, who is supposed to have been
murdered in Kelso Canyon, near Cal
-iente, was a well-known mining expert
of Los Angeles.
He left this city last Sunday for Plute
Mountain to inspect certain mining
property which had been purchased by
Henry Tostmann, a North Main street
saloon-keeper, Tostmann having offered
him an Interest in the property If it
was found to be worth developing.
Valentine was accompanied by a
cook named Alex Pontan, whose home
is in San Fernando. They took suffi
cient supplies to last them a week, but
Valentine expected to be back by to
morrow or Friday. Valentine had up
ward of $200 after all the supplies had
been purchased. \ ¦
The news of the tragedy received
here does not mention Pontan and to
night the saloon man who sent Valen
tine to the mountains Informed the po
lice that Pontan had been seen In this
city to-day, but had not appeared at
the saloon, although he knew that Val
entine had been sent from there. The
detectives are making every effort to
find Pontan, but thus far without suc
cei[S. Valentine was about 40 years of
agl
Special Dispatch to The Call
Body of J. A.- Valentine of
Los Angeles Is Discovered
in Cabin Near Caliente
ENGAGES, IX FIST FIGHT
WITH MIDXIGHT PROWLER
Camper Finds Burjrlar in His Tent and
Puts Him to Flislit After a
• Lively Battle.
SAN BERNARDINO. June 8.— Harry E.
Morton, a resident of Redlands, bested a bur
elar in a fist flrht In a tent at Yucaipe, in
the mountain*. Morton and a friend were
camping In a two-room tent. . when, shortly
after midnight Morton was awakened by a
man trjinB to get his hand under the pillow.
Morton is quite an athlete, and In a trice wan
gripping the Intruder by the throat. A fierce
firht ensued. • the ' men using th?ir fists with
telling effect, but neither speaking a word
until the burglar wan put to flight. Morton's
friend In the next compartment of the tent
heard the scuttling, but rays he did' not In
terfere, ns he thoueht Morton was going
through some new athletic exercises.
Accidentally Stoves a Hole in the
Smaller Vessel While Bclnfj Shift
¦ cd in Dock at Seattle.
SEATTLE, June 8. — A hole was driven In
the barkentlne John C. Meyer, lying at the
A??n dock this afternoon, by the big A-'nlted
States transport li'fx. and the damage Is Rfri
ouji enouph to delay . the sailing of the
schooner with her cargo of lumber for Nome
for *f: v eral days. The schooner was lying at
the Agen dock, and It wan whll« the bit;
transport waa shifting from one side of lh-»
Arlington dock to the other that the accident
happened.
TRANSPORT DIX DAMAGES
BARKEXTIXE JOIIX C. MEYER
MINING EXPERT
IS FOUND SHOT
or some other country not so strongly
bound as the United States by its tra
ditions not* to entangle itself in the
Internal affairs of other countries. It
is stated positively that under no con
ditions can the United States Govern
ment execute these guarantees.
The Navy Department to-day re
ceived a cablegram from Rear Admiral
Chadwick at Tangier, to the effect that
he was informed that Perdicaris and
his stepson, Varley, were in need of
medical assistance and that the Consul
General had' sent to Ttaissouli to in
quire whether a surgeon would be
given safe conduct. The admiral says
that if so. one will be sent in company
with the Shereef of Wasan. Raissouli's
reply is expected on June 9.
TANGIER, Morocco,- June 8.— The
Sultan's letter in Teply to the diplo-
"I have placed a guard at the Bel
gian Legation, having been asked to
do so by our Consul General here."
The State Department has received
unofficial assurances through Gum
mere, who had it from the British Con
sul at Fez, that the Sultan of -Morocco
will accede to all of Raissoull's terms.
The bandit's demand that Great
Britain and the United States shall
guarantee the execution of the Sul
tan's promises, however, is the sticking
point and this probably can be got
around only by the>acceptance of this
obligation by Great Britain or France
WASHINGTON, June 8.— American
marines have landed in Africa. Ad
miral Chadwlck this afternoon cabled
to the Navy Department from Tangier
as follows:
AMERICAN' ADMIRAL WHO HAS LANDED MARINES IN TANGIER. MOORISH
SOVEREIGN WHO HAS YIELDED TO DEMANDS. BRITISH CAPTIVE OF
BRIGANDS AND THE HOME OF THE AMERICAN PRISONER.
The Sultan in his letter appoints
Herid El Barrada to be Governor of
• Tangier, which step was included
! among Ralssouli's demands. Barrada
was a member of the. Council of Mo
hammed El Torres, the representative
of the Sultan here, and formerly was
Governor of Masagan.
The authorities here assert that the
raid made yesterday by armed Anjera
tribesmen on the home of an English
man here, during which they obtained
Beveral rifles, was'onlya common rob
bery and had no political significance.
matic representations made in regard
to the kidnaping of Perdicaris and Var
ley arrived here this atternoon. It is
said by a person in the Sultan's con
fidence that the' Sultan has given or
ders to grant all of the conditions de
manded by Raissouli, the bandit leader,
in order to expedite the release of the
captives.
It is definitely learned that but $10
was secured in the hold-up. . This is
nccounted for by the fact that only
small sums of money are ever carried
by the train that was robbed.
! The scene, of the robbery was but
| 600 yards from the flow of the Grand
' River and it is believed that the rob
; bers had a boat hidden in the Grand
! and that they used this to cross the
• river, destroying it after they had
j crossed.
J A posse under Deputy Sheriff Cohn
J of Grand Junction followed the course
< of the river until they reached Rifle,
'i There they discovered the trail of the
(robbers, indications showing that they
. v must have passed the point but a few
I hours before. It is believed that the
( bandits are heading for the "Hole-in
the-Wall" country in Wyoming.
Just at this point Brakeman Shel
lenbarger, who had been ordered to
remain with the passenger coaches,
two miles behind, came running up
the track, carrying a lantern. One
of the robbers shot at him. He was
wounded in the leg and is now in the
Sisters' Hospital at Grand Junction.
When the robbers saw that the train
crew was coming' they fled to the
mountains. One of them as he Jumped
from the express car grabbed one
sealed bag, which had been blown
clear out of the safe. This was the
only plunder which was taken.
The engineer and the others who
had been under the aim of the rob
bers went to the aid of Shellenbarger,
who had fallen where he was shot.
After the hold-up the engine, bag
gage and express cars were backed to
Parachute, where the alarm was given
to the railroad officials.
BRAKEMAX IS WOUNDED.
for they did not even demand of the
messenger to open the safe. They
knew that he did not have the com
bination. This safe can be opened
only in Denver and In Salt Lake.
A stick of dynamite was placed
against the lock of the safe. Here
again the robbers showed their disre
gard of dynamite. One^half of th«
explosive used would have done the
work.
After a consultation between Attor
ney Levy of counsel for Mrs. Patter-
Fon. District Attorney' Jerome and
WILL \OT ACCEPT BAIL.
In dismissing th*» writ of habeas
corpus for Mrs. Patterson. Justice
Clarke said the papers submitted to
him disclosed abundant justification
for the institution of an inquiry by the
Coroner into the -cause of- Young's
death.
Although Grand Jury subpenaes
had be^n issued for J. Morgan Smith
<*nd other witnesses. District Attorney
Jerome said that the case of "Nan"
Patterson would not be taken up by
th»» Grand Jury at this time.
Justice Clarke of the Supreme Court
to-day denied the writ of habeas cor
pus for the release of "Nan" Patterson,
was remanded to the Tombs pris
on. Nominally she is held as a wit
ness under 55000 bail, but District At
torney Jerome has intended that, in
case of her release, either on bail or
by any other means, she will be re
arrested;
The case took a new turn to-day
when Algernon Meyer of Jacksonville,
Fla.. publicly announced that he was
a witness to the killing of Young and
stated that Young himself held the re
volver which fired the fatal shot. Mey
rr went to the District Attorney's of
fice and said he desired to make a for
mal statement in regard to the case.
Meyer met District Attorney Jerome
end Assistant District Attorney Rand
and was subjected to an extended ex
amination. His statement was taken
In full by an official stenographer.
MEYER'S STORY OF TRAGEDY.
According to Meyer, who says he
witnessed the scene, 'the shooting of
Young appeared to be accidental. Mrs.
Patterson was struggling with Young,
who had a revolver in his right hand
and his right arm was around her
neck. To Meyer it appeared as though
Mrs. Patterson was trying to push
Young away from her. or, perhaps, to
take the revolver away from him.
According to the policeman who first
reached the cab Mrs. Patterson sat at
th<* left of Young.
Meyer says there was another wit
ness to the tragedy. This was a man
fibout five fert eight inches tall, at
tirM In a dark suit «nd wearing a
etraw hat. He hid a small black mus
tache. This ijian. who was directly
opposite the <ab wlie n the pistol was
iired. according to the story told by
Meyer, jumped up on the step of the
cab and rode - short distance. Meyer
fays he believes the man talked to the
woman in the cab.
About this witness all manner of
mystery is thrown. Assistant District
Attorney Gaivan has had him closely
v. atehed by Detective Sergeant Price,
refusing to permit him To talk with
Any one. Notwithstanding the imporr
ance which is attached to his tes
timony, he has not boen subpenaed to
appear brfore the Grand Jury to-mor
row, but is being held in reserve by the
prosecution. Gaivan permitted it to be
understood that this witness is named
H. A. Katz. The directory docs not
disclose the identity of Katz.
Ancthtr eye witness to the shooting
has been found by the District Attor
ney in Carl Norlander. who has been
pervert with a subpoena. Norlander, it
is said, is now in the house of deten
tion, held as a witness. His testimony,
it is expected, will shatter the story
told by Mre. Patterson that Young
phot himself. Norlander was near the
cab when the shooting took place. He
Is supposed to be the pedestrian who
leaped upon >the step of the carriage
just after the shooting, according to
the witness Meyer.
GOES BACK TO THE TOMBS.
JTEW YORK, June 8.— From two
eources Hrht was to-night let into
mystery that has surrounded the
Ehootlr.g of 'Caesar" Young:. Three
•witnesses were brought into the case
to-day and one of them was taken to
the Tombs and permitted to see "JCan"
Patterson as she sat in her cell. This
was done for tlie purpose of identify
ing her. if possible, as a person who
purchased a revolver which is believed
to have been the one with which Young
was killed.
Special Dispatch to Tfce Oil.
Writ of Habeas Corpus Is
Denied the Suspect and
She Will Be Held Without
Bail for Her Examination
PROSECUTION WIXS
FIRST SKIRMISH
The great iron combination safe
was the only one in the car. The
robbers showed that they were con
versant with conditions on the road,
over the car,
Messenger D. M. Shea of this city re
fused to open the car and piled bag
gage up acainst the door. The robbers
placed a stick of dynamite at the side
door of the car. The entire door was
blown away with a terrible crash. A
half dozen trunks which had been piled
up against the. door were demolished
and their burning contents scattered
The members of the train crew were
ordered to remain with the passenger
coaches.' When the point selected for
the^ypamiting of the express car was
reached'the engineer and firemen were
ordered down. One of the robbers cov
ered them with' two slxshooters. The,
remainder of the gang went to the ex-*
press car.
Sheriff ,W. : O. . Struthers and Deputy
Sheriff D. M. Hardy of Grand Junction
are now. on the trail of the robbers with
a posse of farmers and ranchers, who
were quickly summoned from the vi
cinity of Grand Junction. Sheriff Frank
'Adams, with another posse from Glen
wood Springs, is searching the sur
rounding country.
. When the train reached a point three
miles west of Parachute last night two
masked men crawled over the tender
of the engine. They placed sMxshooter3
to the head of Engineer Allison and his
fireman and demanded that the train
be stopped. Three men were waiting
on the tender, and as the train stopped
they quickly ran back and uncoupled
the express and baggage cars. These
cars, with the engine, were run two
miles farther west.
BRAVERY OF MESSENGER.
DENVER, Colo., June 8.— Denver and
Rio Crande passenger train Xo. 5.
westbound from Denver, was held up
by five masked men three miles west
of Parachute, a small fruit station
midway between Grand Junction and
GlenVood Springs. One sealed bag
containing specie was taken from the
express safe^ which was dynamited.
The express car 'was badly wrecked by
.dynamite, but the robbers were forced
to take to the mountains before they
could gather ur>* the valuables in the
oar. . / >—
Demonstration by the Crew
Causes the Outlaws to
Flee With a Single Bag
of Specie as Their Loot
BR AXEMAN'S LEG
r STOPS A BULLET
Mysterious Witness Is Ad
mitted to the Tombs to
Identify Woman as Pur
chaser of a Revolver
Colorado; Bandits Board No.
5. on the Rio Grande
,and ;< Wreck Express Gar
With Stick of Dynamite
VISITS NAN
PATTERSON
IN PRISON
TRAIN HELD
UP BY FIVE
ARMED MEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALL, - THURSDAY, JUNE 9, 1904:
American Marines Have Landed at Tangier, the Moorish Govern
ment Will Accede to Terms of the Bandit and the Rescue of
Perdicaris and His Stepson \ Varley Is Practically; |_ Assured
SULTAN OF MOROCCO WILL YIELD
TO THE DEMANDS OF RAISSOULI
5
' APVEETISEaiENTS.
There should always be found a
bottle, of the famous Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters. It is good for
H every member of the family, and
7if taken at the start may counter-
act a long sick spell. Xo other is
just as good nor so? safe and re-
liable. It puts the stomach in a
normal condition and cures Bil-
iousness, Constipated Bowels,
Dyspepsia, Indigestion, Insom-
nia, Liver troubles and Malaria.
Doctors and Druggists recom-
mend it. Try one bottle.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
A visit DR. JORDAN'S o>icat4
ISUSEUi OF ANATOMY?
A Ck UCHUXZZ7CT.pttlis a 7tk,iJ.CaL^
\ el 7 he LarrMt >im— ii«l Mi»rs ia tb« \
U rjjLtt Wertd. Wwfcncw *> >.. tnuntti A
' Hetfd <»»«»•• P»««tl»»l7e»r»4> T rtt»lde»i T
O flf jjfl !(*o» 1 « •» «*« c*««t. a«u j» jtui. o
§2 0*2** I OR. JOROAN-O.'SEASES OF KEN J
i 'f^SJia C«!>m!t»ao« fr«» and •trlctly print*. \
S I i#C? P Ti**T»«>t prr*»D«Jljr «T by Irttrr. A B
t fi W <r| W f—tmt* Omn te crcry cm aadrrakem. \
ARf H A Writ* tor BMk. ntn.e«orny .r A
" " I il * BtURUfcE, MAILED FKKB, (AY
' \ A IL MlutbU hMk for stra) \ t
V DB. JOKDA1V A CO.. 1W1 Marlrtt «t..S. T. f
, B'^' i^s»'^"^ < '^ 1^>"^ ><^^ <^'^» <^>
-
STATEMENT
OT THB - ;- -1 y jf' v .r\
CONDITION AND AJTAIRS. £
or thb
Northwestern Mutual
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MILWAUKEE. IN THE STATE. OF
Wisconsin, on the 31st day of December.
A. D.. 1903. and for the year endias; on that
day; made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the re-
quirements of Section 613 of the Political
Code of said State.
CAPITAU
Amount of Capital Stock paid up
In Cash
ASSET3. ~~
Net value of Real Estate Owned
by the Company $3,611.387 43
Amount of Loans seenrsd by
Bond and Mortgage on Real
Estate 83.718.tl7 01
Premium notes and loans in any
form taken in payment of
premiums on policies now ia
force ' S1Z311 M
Cash market value of all Stocks
nnd Bonda owned by the
Company 67. 463.352 43
Amount of Cash on hand ia
Company's Office 20«,43« 73
Amount of Cash deposited 1b
Banks 2.258.383 09
Interest due the Company and
unpaid 81.208 39
Interest accrued but cot due.... Z.49St469 40
Net amount of premiums In pro-
cess of collection, and of do- „
f erred premiums 2.232.733 52
Loans made to policy holders as-
signed as collateral 13. 731.283 00
Rents due and accrued 31.936 S3
Total Aisets I178.200.C3 20
LIABILITIES. ~
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments, due and
unpaid $197.063 12
Claims for death losses and ma- (
tured endowments in.process*
of adjustment, or adjusted
but not due B0*.142 OT
Claims resisted by the Company 40.000 00
N«t present value of all the out-
standing policies, computed
according, to the Combined
Experience Tables of Mortal-
ity, with four per cent la-
• terest 143.033.834 00
Amount of all unpaid dividends
to policy holders 2.302.823 09
Tontine Surplus payable to policy
holders Z3.K19.3W> 7%
All other Liabilities 711.697 7J
Total Liabilities $172,583,861 30
Cash received for premiums oi»
new policies during the „_.„._.
year $3,629,934 69
Cash received for renewal of
premiums during the year.. 22. .12*. 714 91
Cash received for Interest 7,010.017 44
Cash received for rents 424.731 43
Cash received from all other
sources 234.873 14
Total Income $.23,835,273 6«
EXPENDITURES.
Cash paid for losses and ma-
turwl endowments $3,133,547 2»
Cash paid to annuitants 43.S83 30
Cash paid for surrendered
policies 2,460,634 63
Cash paid for dividends to policy
holders : = -4.45fl.172 04 .
Commissions paid to agents ... «•
Salaries and other compensation
of officers and employes, ex-
cept agents and medical ex-
aminers 431,882 43
Salaries and - traveling expenses
of managers of agencies 11.191 31
Medical examiners' fees and sal- 1
aries 17O.S23 51 .
Cash paid for taxes • 67O..1O7 13
Cash paid for rents 41.583 Oo
Cash paid for commuting com-
missions • 430 74
All other cash payments -(specl-
fyingX v Repairs on Real
Estate. Legal Expenses. Ad- /
vertiaing. Printing. ere.
$373 *49 33; ' Premium - notes
voided- by lapse. $9.97» 31:
all other payments, $1,247,-
715 28 V .*..-.. 1.638.143 90
Total Expenditures during ' •
: the year -'. > . . . . .»21.03C;343 13
PREMIUM-NOTE ACCOUNT;
Premium notes and other prenx-
¦ lum obligations at beginning
of the year -...::;.. v.-. ; - " $292,223 23
Premium notes- and other prem- . fc.
lum obligations' received dur- * -
Ing the year .- ' 144.631 80
Total '• ...'.M2U.913 03
. - * .- . . .. — _^_^__
Deductions daring the year, as follows:
Amount of notes and other prem-
• lum obligations used In pay-
ment of losses and claims.. $13,246 74
Amount of notes and other prem-
ium obligations used In pur-
chase of surrendered policies 8.353 83
Amount of notes and other pram- '.'. •".",' »
lum obligations used In pay-
ment of dividends to policy
holders ....\...... S3. 208 32
Amount of note* and other pre-
mium obligations voided by
lapse of policies 9.979 21
Amount of notes and other prem-
ium obligations redeemed by
maker in cash 53,313 10
Total reduction of Prem-
lum.Note Account $124.603 31
Balance, note assets at end of
the year ....: $312.31154
WILLARD MERRILL.* President.
J. TV. SKINNER. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me.', this
29th day of January. 1904.
P. R. SAN BORN. Notary Public
' CLARENCE?. SMITH,
General Agent for California.
114 Phelan Building,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
THE WEEKLY CAli
01 per Year*
. . ADVERTISEMENTS*
..¦.'"' .. ' _'._.'.L_!_ j*kgy\
San Francisco, Thursday, 9 June. 1901.
Convenient kitchen
XV- table, $2.95;
Made of pine, natural finish^ and strong-
lv put together. Measures .46 inches long
and 28 inches wide. two' bins, two
, drawers and two kneading boards.
The price we ask is unquestionably the
lowest quoted in this city for- a table of this sort.
v Since the first of the week we've been
offering Smith's, best quality 9 by 12 Ax-
minster ¦ rugs -at $17.90: "About fifteen pat-
terns to choose fr,ora. Some of them now in
~ : ¦ , one of our display windows;
\ (Formerly the California-Furniture. Co.)
26 i to 28 r Geary St., at Union Square
•w PRAOERSu ' ¦ ¦ ""
I
There Will Be Something
Doing at>
I PlPCi^CCFS
TO-DAY.
¦IBM t ¦ * -
IjMj ALTOCTS RELIABLE |
1238- 1250 MARKET ST.^JHigh Run in Billiards.
ALAMEDA. June 0.— Herbert Hinoa, on*
of the oldest carriers of the local pogtofflce
staff, has been dismissed by the Postofflce De
partment aa the result of an investigation held
imme month* ago in which the creditors ot
Hamma were the chief complainants. The
carrier was ordered to pay his bills and as
he* failed to do this his removal was ordered
Hamma had been connected with the poatof
fcce for thirteen years.
Ixtter Carrier Is DbsmJiised.
BERLIN, June 8.— The yachts entered for
the Kiel races number 104. including fifteen
in special class No. 1. Over twenty foreign
yachts are entered. Including two America*
vessels, the Ingomar and the Swan: eleven
British, three' Danish and two Belgian-
Big Entry In Kiel Yacht Races.
SHANGHAI, June 8.— Sir Ernest Patow, the
British Minister at Peking, has refused to
sanction the proposed contract for the ship
ment of laborers from Northern China to work
mines on the Rand. In South Africa. '¦: He ls
conMderlng the contract in an amended- form.
Nothing whatever ts being done here regarding
the matter of shipping these laborers.
British Minister at Peking Wants
Modification of Agreement for
Chinese Coolies.
OPPOSES CONTRACT FOR .
SHIPMENT OF LABORERS
OAKLAND, June 8. — Jcseph 8mlth. an elec
trician, living at 210 Second street, was found
at the foot ot Fifth avenue In East Oakland
thli afternoon in an unconscious condition.
He had' ewal lowed about a pint of battery
fluid with suicidal intent. . '
A call for the police patrol waa sent and the
man was hurried to .the Receiving Hospital.
When brought to consciousness he refustd at
first to give his name. : Later,- however, he
gave the deeired Information, and said he had
no home and wanted to die. - He is 33 years
of age and belongs to the .foresters of Amer
ica. It U believed he will rfteover.
Ills Life.
Joseph Smith, an Electrician, Becomes
Despondent . and Tries to Take
ATTEMPTS SUICIDE BY
DRINKING BATTERY FLUID
LONDON. June 8.— The Cape May Challenge
Cup, which King Edward when Prince of
Walea won with his cutter Britannia, has been
found. The trophy, which waa reported miss
ing, is being returned to> the New York Yacht
Club because It cannot be defended under the
existing conditions. ¦
Cape May Cup Is Found.
SAN DIEGO, June 8.— The yacht Detroit,
purchased In the city of the same name by a
local syndicate, arrived here this evening
havlnr been shipped by rail. The Detroit
will probably be renamed, ghe will bfe the
first defender "of the superb challenge cup.
which Sir Thomas Upton presented to the
Corinthian Yacbt Club of this city.
Yacht Detroit at, San Diego.
RIO OB JANEIRO. June 8.— A bill provid
liid for the reorganization of | the Brazilian
navy was introduced in Congress to-day.' It
provides for the purchase of twenty-eight
warships, including three Ironclads and three
armored cruisers. The bill contains an ex
pression of opinion to the effect that the ves
sels should be constructed In British yards.
Bill Is Introduced Providing for the
Purchase of Twenty-Eight
>'•'".. Warships. ,• v :^
BRAZIL MAKES PLAN TO
;-:; REORGANIZE HER NAVY
Accused Hoi>e Thief Held.
OAKLAND. June «. — Joeepn Newman.
rhart*4 with ho™* stealing from Mrs. Maria
Magulre, his former employer, vu held for
trial In the Superior Court by Judge Samuels
to-day.
Steals Watch and Money.
OAKLAND. June 8.— Harry R. Guichard's
residence. 8S* Went street, was entered by a
burglar lact night, who stole a watch and 915.
OAKLAND. June 8.— Mrs. Catherine Reta
Sialocc. age 'M >ears. died yesterday at her
home. 204 B street. Ehe leaves a husband
but no children. Excessive grieving over the
<!eath of her child a year ag<> Is said to have
t**n the cause cf llrs. Maloon'e death.
Griof (bins Mother's Death.
Corbett will be associated with the "big
store" In which Herman Rosentbal and Jack
Rom are ths principal factors. The first
proposition to enter upon a bookmaker's ca
reer was made about a week ago. and since
that time the feather-weight has been turning
It over carefully In his mind.
He Will Commence Operations at the
Shecpshead Bay Meeting.
NEW YORK, Juno 8.— One reason for the
expressed dislike of Toung j Corbett for any
publicity associating his name with th« de
fense of Nan Randolph came to light to-day
when it waa. learned that beginning at the
Sheep&head Bay meeting he will make a book
in the frte Held. He dislikes to antagonize
th« friends of "Ceasar" Young, who are in
fluential in matters pertaining to the turf
YOUNG CORBETT AS A BOOKIE.
CHICAGO, June ».— Diamond rings valued
at $2330 have been found In the toe of a slip
per that had I been thrown with other dis
carded footwear on a garbage dump. The
jewels were the property of Mrs. George
Frank, who had hidden them in the slipper.
Her daughter, ignorant of Its valuable con
tents, gave the slipper with its mate to the
elerator boy of their apartment building to
throw away. The police were notfled when
the loss was discovered.
Slipper Containing Gems ts Discarded
by Girl Unaware of Its
VALUABLE DIAMONDS GO
INTO THE GARBAGE CAN
OAKLAND. June ft.— Dwirqt Hmeblneon
vie* preaidtnt of the- Hutchineon Construction
Company, was neriou£ly lnjurt-d j-«>sterday at
ternoon by b»-in£ thrown from his buggy at
Kan Pablo. The horse he was driving took
fright st a Santa Fe train. Hutchlnson Euf
fcred a fracture of the right arm and a nura
rj»r of severe brui*«a.
Diviglu Hutchinson Injured.
OAKLAND. June S. — The Men's League of
the First ¦ Presbyterian Church gave a re
ception to the women of the congregation
last night In the parlors of the church. After
an excellent musical 'and literary programme
refreshments were served. .
Men's League Reception.
Hold* Court in Cell.
• OAKLAND. Jun- N— Har!»>- Harrx-r. a rall-
Vt-ad brskeman. »!io wa» shot by Policeman
«",',M W ' n \; W fJ arrai S ne <J to-day for Mabblns
W illUni \\ alkT. a dairyman. Court was held
by Justice William R. Geary In Harper's c*U
the prisoner's wound preventing hj m frop, be .
ing taken into court. Htn-»r» preliminary
examination was «-t for June le.
ASHKVILLE, N. C, June 8.— Mrs. Mary
Virginia Rhodes Baker, who claims to be the
daughter of Cecil Rhodes. Is here in expecta
tion of inheriting the great fortune of the
dead diamond king. She has been engaged
In missionary work In the mountains and has
barely eked out a living. Her alleged Identity
vie disclosed while In conversation with some
friends, one of the party remarking that he
had often seen a "war.;, ad" In the New
York papers for Virginia Rhodes.
North Carolina Missionary Declares
She Is the Daughter of the
Diamond King.
WANTS HER PORTION OF
CECIL RHODES FORTUNE
BERKELEY. Junt s.— When the Srate
Prison Boerd n«-it meete it is likely to elect
}*r. O. F. «!ad<iir.g of this city resident
physician at Koli">n: pri»,n. I>r. Gladdine. it
>• understood, can have the pla<-» If he wants
M. but hf Is looking over the ground before
making his decision. Th«r office carrl** a sal
ary of *15oO a )e»r and perquisites that will
make it north $.;<>i«i a y*ar to the holder
May Get Appointment.
OAKLAND, June 8.— The following mar
riage licenses were Issued by the County Clerk
to-day:
John Anderson. 24_ and Hannah Marken. 23.
both of. San Francisco: David M. Graham,
over 21. and Halite M. B&bbidge. over. IS both
of Oakland: Armand Boyenval. 72. and Mary
•Maubert. 54. both of Oakland: Walter S. Lord,
S3, Wilbur. Wash., and Millie J. Vassar. 13.
Oakland: Lewis N. Snyder. over 21, and Em
ily M. Littleneld, over 18, both of Oak
land.
Marriage Licenses.
Addresses on general improvement
projects and the need of a hearty "co
operation in the. association's plans for
civic betterment were made by E. R.
Anthony, Dr. d'Evelyn, E. W.^Maslin.
George -H. Mas tick. Colonel J. J. Tobin
and Colonel George C Babcock.
Secretary Edwin Stearns of the Oak
land Board of Trade addressed the
members of the Board of Trade of
Fruitvale last night in the office of W.
E. Rudell. He spoke principally of the
purposes of mercantile and business
organizations and told of the good
work done by similar bodies in various
parts of California.
- The by-laws drafted by the commit
tee on by-laws were not acted upon,
but after some discussion were referred
back to the committee for revision. The
by-laws will be voted upon next Tues
day evening.
ALAMEDA, June 8.— The tourist ho
telboom has struck Alameda. Prelim
inary to the framing of plans for the
erection of such a caravansary, the Al
ameda Advancement Association to
night was invited to submit ideas on
the subject for consideration at the
association's July meeting.
President George \V. Scott presented
the proposition and urged all of the
members to give it earnest . considera
tion. Chairman Scott pointed out the
many advantages that the Encinal
City possessed and said he was strong
ly impressed with the feasibility of the
hotelscheme. Dr. F. W. d'Evelyn sec
onded President Scott's suggestion and
gave the association some personal ex
periences'which had aroused his inter
est in the idea of" a modern tourist ho
tel." >: v . -'- ¦-,;;,- /.
Advancement Association
Desires Views of Members
on Ambitions Resort Plan
OAKLAND. June S— A. E. Skinner, a for
tnet locomotive tnjfineer, pleaded guilty to
'iay in the Police Court U> a charge of bat
tery upon bit. wttm. Mrs. Man' Skinner. Po
!ice Judge Kamuete ordered Mrs. gkinner to
rw> in court lo-mcrrow and to tfll h»r story
before sentence i* imposed on her husband
Kklnncr is also charc«-d with having beaten
Ills mother-in-law. Mr*. J. G. Larti^d uith
a heaw cane, leaving ih>» ag»d woman in a
rfsr.grrous condition.
Wife Beater Ileads Guilty.
WASHINGTON. June 8. — Within three days
of Admiral Slgebee's announcement that peace
had been concluded in Santo Domingo an
other revolution has broken out In that coun
try. Minister Powell cabled the State De
partment to-day from Port . au Prince. Hayt4.
that the British cruiser Indefatigable left that
place yesterday, it having been reported that
General Jimlnez bad effected a landing at
Macortft. Telegraphic communication has been
interrupted.
Within Three Days After Peace Is De
clared War Again Breaks Out in
Stricken Land.
REBELLION SEETHES
IN SANTO DOMINGO
HONOLULU. June 1.— Ex-Queen LUtaoka
lani returned this morning from Washington
and St. I»uis«. She is In good health and ts
living at her old home, known as Washington
place.
IJIiuokalani at Home.
NEW YORK. June V— The following Cali
fornlans sre in New York: From San Fran
cisco — C. at the Netherland; H.
Bcrtfeldt. at the Rarthcldi: T. N. Uluck at
the Amsterdam; Ml»s 1. Ureenbaum. at ' the
Netherlands: J. C. Jones, a: the m'tei l!a~
tholdl; H. O. Sturtevant. at the Astor House -
W. C. Waters and wife, at the Grand Union'
From Lo s Angeles— J. B. Alexander. T J*
Douglas Jr.. T. J. Douglas, at the Oi'lsev
House: H. CJuortl. at the Broadway Central-
Miss B. E. Pinton. at the r;ilsey House;
Californians in New York.
BERLIN. June X.— John Alexander Dow.#
has arrived here from Switzerland. He ha.<
taken rooms lately occupied by one of th»»
Vamierbilts. costins $4O a day. He addressed
a crowded meeting, depicting glowingly '.'.. -\
City, n*ar Chicago.
Zionist Arrives in German Capital and
Engages Apartments at
$10 a Day.
BERLIN'S BEST NOT TOO
EXPENSIVE FOR DOWIE
CONSTABLE ACCIDENTALLY
DISCHARGES HIS REVOLVER
Uses It as a Club During a Scuffle
and Bullet Barely Misses Strik
ing His Antagonist.
SANTA CRUZ. June SL— An attempt was
made this afternoon by Chief of Police Clark
and Constable Cory .to take a telephone an
nunciator from the Newport restaurant un.Vr
a writ of reDlevln. The proprietor* forcibly
tried to prevent the officers from so doing
and during a scuffle Constable Corey itlv
charged his pistol, the bullet entering the walj
just back of Louis Sodernpufos. with whom h»
was struggling. The pistol was accidentally
discharged wrlle the constable was strikin*
Soc'eropulos on the heal with It.
FOUR MEN ARE INJURED
IN MONTANA WRECK
Northern Pacific Train Is Derailed
While Goinf at Full
Speed.
HELENA. Mont.. June 8. — Westbound pas
senger train No. 3 on the Northern Pacific
Jumped the track near 'Park City. Mont.,
about eighty m!les> east of Helena to-day, while
goins at full speed. The engine ran about a
hundred feet on the tics and then, with the
rnuil car. went into the ditch, the mail car
being badly wrecked.
Four trainmen wer^ injured. They are Fire
man R. Rowland Livingston, leg crushed: T.
P. Capp. engineer, ribs hurt: William Ogden.
extra express messenger, scalp cut; W. C. Mil
ton, regular messenger, bruised and shaken
up. •
Seveial passengers wore cut by glass from
the windows, which they broke in an effort
to escpje.
OVERIiAXD TRAINS WILL
MAKE BETTER TIME
Improved Track AYill Result in Faster
Schedule Between Coast and
Omaha.
OMAHA. Neb.. June 8. — Important changes
In the running time of trains on the Union
Pacific will be made about the end of the
present month.
The running ¦ time of the overland limited
between Omaha and the Pacinc Coast will be
cut three hours, and the time ot other fast
trains will also be materially reduced.
A few minutes win be cut off the time al
lowed on each division of the Union Pacific.
Oregon Short Line, 8outhern Pacific and Oregon
Railway and Navigation.
Changes In the freight service will take
effect at the same time. Since the extensive
Improvements in the roadbed of the Harrlman
lines hare been completed , the track has been
made much faster, but the time has not been
changed to conform to Improved running fa
cilities.
XEW CHARGE IS 3IADE
AGAINST BEAVERS
Former Postal Superintendent Is Ac
cused of U^Injr Influence to •
Promote Contracts.
NEW YORK. June 8.— When George W.
Beavers, former superintendent of the division
of salaries and allowances of the Postofflce
Department, appeared In the United States
Circuit Court In Brooklyn to-day he was served
with a new warrant for arrest on a Washing
ton. Indictment charging him with having en
tered into a deal for the purchase of book
typewriters and with having received money
for his Influence In putting through a contract
for the machines.
MOB CLAMORS FOR LIFE
OF MURDERER ROBIXSOX
Man Who Killed Wife and Brother
in- Law Has n Narrow Escape
Prom Lynching.
CARMI. 111.. June 8.— A mob surrounded the
home of John Robinson at Maunle early to
day clamoring for his life. Sheriff Connery
and thirty-six armed deputies kept back the
riotous crowd. vn "
Robinson, who killed his wife and brother
in-law and then attempted to take hu ™J™
life on Monday. ha» efficiently re%.vired t o
discuss the crime. He shows no emoTlon anS
noihiiS" 8 - P '° pIe dOn ' t kIU on « Mottor for
PLUMBERS* FEUD END8 — Th* f«iM *.
tween W H. Penny, a plliSibe^ and U
HawB. sanitary inspector for Berkeley, came to
an end to-day when Justice Edgar of Berkeley
dismissed two charges against Penny for X\Z
WUinK the Diurabin* ordinance. Penny and
Haws have been at outs for a long time, the
rivalry being due to business affairs " Peony
then Haws he* Penny arrested, but each side
t7 the controversy has failed to make but a
OAKLAND. Jure 8.— During May the As
sociated Charitin of thie.city handled IS cases.
involving 24S individuals. . Mere than on«^
third cf theM *cr» children. Fifty-Sfv^n were
rew caw. Eighteen capes were referred to
other organizations for investigation.
Medical attention was supplied in five cases,
end material a*£istanc* in elev«-n. Temporary
work was found for tw^nty-^i^ht applicants
sr.d was accepted in evf-rj' ease but one. The
work 4urlng the month involved 211 visits and
the writing of sevnty-flve letters. Two hun
dred and thirty-one visits wer* received bi
the office oi-th? association.
of May.
One Hundred and Thirty-Five Cases
Handled During the Mouth
ASSOCIATED CHARITIES
MAKES MONTHLY REPORT
8even ot the .eight students who took the
examinations for the first Rhodes scholarships
have been passed by the examiners at Oxford.
These are Beverly S. Allen, William C. Crlt
tenden, Monroe E. Deutsch. Henry B. Dewing.
Farnhara D. Griffiths, Clinton K. Judy, Wil
liam J. Musgrove. From among this number
President Wheeler will choos» the one student
who will represent the State and university
at Oxford.
BERKELEY, June %: — Professor W. A.
Setchell, head of the department of botany,
tj engaged In a study of the vlgetable" life
in the warm springs of New Zealand, a study
that be began In connection with the thermal
algae of California and carried on later at
the. Yellowstone National Park. He has.Re
cently been selecting seaweeds near Welling
ton and Christ Church and at the Bay of
Islands. Professor Setehell wjll sail from
Auckland for San Francisco on the Ventura,
July 22. end expects to arrive on August 8.
The University of Wisconsin conferred the
dtgre* of doctor of laws upon President
Wheeler at the commencement exercises b»Id
to-day, after he had delivered the commence
ment address on "The Mission of the. Slat*
University." President Wheeler now holds the
following degrees: Bachelor of arts Brown
University. 1S78; master of arts. Brown Uni
versity, 1S78: doctor of philosophy. Untvemity
of Heidelberg. 1S85; doctor of laws. Princeton
University (1806), Harvard University (1900).
Brown University (1900). Yale University
(1901). John Hopkins University (1002), Uni
versity of Wisconsin (1901).
Professor Wlnthrop J. V. Osterhout of the
department of botany is to deliver the com
mencement address at the Upper Lake High
School. Lake County, on Thursday. June 30.
BOSTON. June 8. — Persons associated with
Miles McDonnell, the victim of last night's
shooting at Albany, in the management of the
Metropolitan Stock Exchange here, say that
Preusser was an Intimate friend of McDonnell,
and they attribute the shooting only to intoxi
cation or Insanity.
It has been learned that McDonnell shot fffcd
killed George Price in a New York cafe De
cember 27. 1!*X>, in a quarrel over gambling
matters. McDonnell surrendered to the police,
claiming that he acted in self-defense, and was
acquitted after a brief trial.
ALBANY. N. Y.. June 8. — Richard E.
Prcusser of the broker firm of R. E. Preusser
& Co.. who early this morning shot and killed
.Miles B. McDonnell, ft traveling man of Bonton,
In the tatter's rpom on the second floor of the
Teneycke Hotel, waived examination and was
sent to Jail on a charge of murder In the flnst
degree. His friends claim that his mind is
affected.
Richard E. Preusser, Who Slew Miles
McDonnell, Must Answer to
Murder Charge.
KILLS HIS* FRIlJNfr TaS'D
WAIVES EXAMINATION
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
BERKELET. June 8.— The wedding of Pro
fessor Edmond O'Neill, dean ot the chemistry
department of the University of California,
and Miss Kdyth Vernon Ward took place last
Wednesday evening at the home of Mrs
Charles W. Armes, a sister of the bride In
E&st Oakland. The Armes borne was ba'nd
somely* decorated, blue and gold predominating
Miss Edith. Marjorie Ames was the brldesnuil'i
and Professor William D. Armea the best man.
A reception followed the ceremony and after
ward a wedding supper was served.
ALAMEDA. June 8. — Mrs. XV. J. Shattuck
and l family left to-day for the Santa Cruz
Mountains to spend a vacation.
Miss Ethel and Miss Florence Plummer trill
en to Glenwood. in the Santa Cruz Mountains
for their summer outing.
Mrs. W. R. Hughes departed to-day for
Dutch Flat, where cfae will remain for seven
weeks.
Cards are out for the wedding of Miss
Florence Hatch and Asa Vertner Mendenball
at the home of the bride's parents, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Edwin Hatch, on June 22. The
wedding promises to be an unusually Inter
esting affair. Miss Hatch |s a very pretty
girl and will undoubtedly make a charming
bride, %-hile her matron of honor. Mrs George
Humphrey, belongs In the list of Oakland's
beautiful women.
The wedding in Sioux City is to bej sol
«mnized at the home of the bride's uncle and
is to be a \>ry elaborate affair.
Mrs. Nora Hornick will leave next Sunday
for Bioux <"lly. Iowa, to attend the wedding
of her daughter. Miss Ethtl Hornick. and Wil
liam Wahace Walker on the 2Sth. Pretty
Ethel Hornick; Is one of the many talented
Oakland girls ' who have courted fame with
success, but her career as an actress ls about
to end. for her fiance is a man of wealth.
Their honeymoon will be apent In Europe,
principally In "gay Paris" and picturesque
Holland.
The tables were prettily decorated to-day
and the young ladies who served were: Mlt->
Flint. Miss Collum. Mrs. Shinn. Miss Ollphant,
Miss Run. Mm. Afthcom. and Miss Bassw-orth.
Among the hundred or more guests to-day
• ere Mr«. H. B. Mehrmann. Mrs. Wooley.
Mrs. \V. W. Kergan, Mrs. George Humphrey.
iJi>. M. I.. Broadwelt. Mrs. Fred Dorsaz, Mm.
John Bawford, Mrs. Oscar L.unlng, Mrs W.
\V. Standeford. Mrs. I. A. Beretta. Mrs. H. L.
Whltehead. Mr* Henry Bull. Mrs. Charles
Egbert. Mrs. F. T. Henry. Mrs. Dabney, Mr».
Collurn Mrs. Mary Tracy Mott. Mrs. William
H. Layson of the Century Club. Miss Moore
ot th«- Woman's Educational Council of Lon
don. Mrs. Ralph Cole. Mrs. C. S. Chamberlain.
MUi Ethel Moo.-e, president of the Home Club.
was then called upon to tell something about
that overgrown infant organization — it counts
Ita mctabrrs by the hundred, though only a
few months old. Miss Moore assured the la
dles present <jf a pure milk supply if they
would become subscriber!! to a new hygienic
dairy which is soon to be started, stamped with
the approval of the Home Club. Bacteria and
germs were learnedly discussed by the new
club's clever young president and also by Dr.
Shuey. who. 1 believe, is to be the official in
spector for the contemplated pure milk depot.
. Mrs. H. Elliott Crane's talk on '-The Home
and. Woman's Relation to It" was thoroughly
enjoyed, principally because she has a good
speaking voice, and every word was dlstlnctly
iieard, which could not be cald of all the
speakers. How often, a fiplendid sentiment is
Ibct because of the inability of the speaker to
make hr-rself audible!
Miss Murphy, a bright young Journalist and
a nw-mfcer of the Woman's Educational Council
of London, was a guest to-day. Being called
upon fur a few words, the responded with a
tiring of anecdotes and stories that kept :.er
hearers convulsed with laughter. *ihe has a
fascinating manner ot speech and ls an inimita
ble i.tory teller.
Mrs. <;. W. Kinsey's greeting from the Ebell
Club wan a graceful little speech. Mrs. David
A. Spencer of the Hill Club. Mrs. Julia S. San
born, Miss Me»«»role and Mrs. Pilsbury were
also participants in the programme. Miss
Grieve with a Llrzt rhapsodie, and Miss Stan
wood with songs, furnished the afternoon's mu
sic.
OAKLAND, June S. — Social activity in the.
Oakland Club received a fresh impetus to-day
at the hou.vwarmins luncheon, and life In the
new and commodious headquarters began most
auspiciously. Maple Hall is vastly more con
venient than the house on Seventeenth - street,
both as to situation and space, and the club
wjll undoubtedly grew more rapidly than it
has in the past.
¦ As is unual when men or women get together
on eurh an ccasioi.," there waa murh speech
making, and, an beats a working club, to-day's
topics were mostly serious and handled in a
fxricus manner. It is not always easy to di
»?e« a mental problem and one's luncheon at
the came time, but the problems were no
adroitly scattered betwen th<s courses by Mr*,
tianth Reamer, toastmlstress, that the danger
of an intellectual dyspepvia waa avoided.
With a k few complimentary words Mrs.
Reamer Introduced Mrs. Bunnell, the olub's
president, who is Just returning to her duties
after 'a Ions and serious Ulneao. It was natur
al that Mrs. Bunnell should cpeak oq a subject
very close to her heart — "The Vacation
School*," .*hich are the Oakland Club's special
cate.
By Zoe Green Radcliffe.
ST. LOUIS. June 8.— The historic libertr
bell arrived bere to-day In response to tn«
petition of 90.U00 public school children of
this city and will remain in the Pesasrlvani*
building until tha cloee of the World'* Fair.
Mayor John Weaver of Philadelphia and
other city officials who accompanied the b*ll
were escorted to their hotel, where they were
called upon by Mayor Welli. President Fran
ci» of the •xpojitlon and other city and other
ofllcials. The entire party then proceeded to
the L'nton station, where the bell had been
placed en a specially prepared float and ac
companied by a «<iuad of mounted potlre and
a long line of military organization* the fa
moua o!d bell was taken la tha exposition,
where formal exercises were held.
Honors to the Exposition
Grounds.
Historic Relic I* Escorted With Grrat
OLD LIBERTY BELL
ARRIVES AT ST. LOUIS
NEW CLUB HOME.
We authorize the publication of thU report
and recommend to the public that they uw
the brpoms manufactured by the Blind Home,
and also brooms having the union label.
OAKLAND. June 8. — The conference com
mittee appointed by the Merchants 1 Exchange
and Central Labor Council to investigate thr
r»porte<! boycott en brocms manufactured at
th« Home for the Adult Blind, made thr
following report \o the Merchants' Exchange
la*t night :
We, tbe undersigned representative* of the
Central Labor Council of Alaineda County,
the Broom Makers' Union of San Franeisoo.
the Heine of the Adult Blind and the Mer
< hants' Exchange or Oakland, after a full
in\estigation cf the matter, hereby report that
••* are fully satisfied, and so report, that, at
the present time tl>*re doee not exist any
boycott by organized labor of the Home of the
Adult Blind.
Joint Committee Reports That There
Is No Boycott by Organized
Labor.
INDORSE BROOMS MADE
AT HOME FOR THE BLIND
ALAMEDA WANTS
TOURIST HOTEL
The programme of the day will be
announced in detail during the coming
week. :
George W. Arper will again handle
the parade arrangements. This work
has fallen to Mr. Arper for several
years. At first he declined this year to
undertake the work. His fellow di
rectors in the Merchants' Exchange
finally persuaded him to accept the
duty. The Federal authorities have
promised to be represented by detach
ments of artillery, cavalry. Infantry
and the bluejackets from Yerba Buena
Island.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June SV
The Merchants' Exchange has under
taken the management of another
Fourth of July celebration for Oakland.
The programme is to be the most am
bitious attempted for several years.
There will be a parade in the morning,
literary exercises immediately follow
ing, athletic exercises on the shore of
Lake Merritt and boat races on the
lake in the afternoon,, with fireworks
in the evening.
The Merchants' Exchange has under
taken to raise $S.V)O this year, which is
$1500 more than has ever been raised
before. There is a small sum in the
treasury of the Merchants' Exchange
to the credit of the Fourth of July
fund, and committees are now at work
trying to raise the additional sum nec
essary. Already more than $2000 has
been subscribed.
Former Congressman Julius Kahn
will deliver the oration at ' the after
noon literary exercises. The committee
has not yet decided whether they will
secure one of the local theaters for the
literary programme or erect a tempo
rary stand on the banks of Lake Mer
ritt.
nteresting' Programme of
Military, Athletic and
Literary Events.
Whatever else Mrs. Hearst does, she
will not withdraw her support from
the anthropological department that
she has so liberally patronized. A
persistent rumor that Mrs. Hearst con
templated letting that branch of the
university's activities shift for itself
was denied to-day by Edward Clark,
manager of Mra. Hearst's business af
fairs, who defends his employer's re
cent act'on in refusing to give further
aid to some of. the benefactions she
founded.
Mrs. Hearst, so Mr. Clark says, will
continue to sive her support to the
anthropological department. Her
gifts to assist the work of searching
for the hidden relics of past ages have
amounted to at least $50,000 a year
for several vears. Her agents have
delved beneath the earth and among
the archives of foreign lands until
now . the University of California
boasts of one of the most vamable
collections in the world.
"Mrs. Hearat will continue to sup
port the archaeological department,"
said Manager Clark at his office in
San Francisco th,is morning. "It ia
true that the contracts with some of
the scientific men ! engaged to carry
on researches will soon expire and
probably will not be renewed. But
the work these men set out to tdo is
about completed and there is no fur
ther need for their services. . Her con
tract with Professor Otto Emerson, for
instance, will expire in "September.
Under Professor Emerson's direction
Mrs. Hearst has spent $30,000 this
last year upon Greek and Egyptian
researches alone. Sh'e has also sup
ported the work of Professor F. \V.
Putnam in America and Professor
Max Uhle in Peru, which have cost
great sums of money.
"It 'seems to me unkind to talk
about Mrs. Hearst withdrawing her
benefactions. I think I can say that
she does not intend to withdraw her
patronage of the university at all. She
has simply cut down on a few things
that did not justify continued expendi
tures of money.- The few she has
abandoned are nothing compared to
the many she is still assisting."
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Centen Street, June 8.
Alameda High School. Alhambra High
School. Anaheim High School. Arcata Union
High School. Auburn High School. Azusa, High
School. Bakersfleld HIgb School. Belmont
School. Benecia High School. Boone's Univer
sity School. Miss Head's School, Bostonia
Union High School, Campbell Union High
School. Centervllle High Scnool. Cloverdale
High School. College City High School. Col
lege Park Academy. Colton High School, Co
lusa High School. Compton High School. Con
cord High School. Corona High School. Covlna
High School. Eacondldo High School. Etna
High School. Eureka High School. Armljo
High School. San Fernando High School.
Fowler High School, Kresno High School. Ful
lerton High School. Gilroy High School. Grass
Valley School. Hanford Hlgn School. Hay
wards High School, Healdsburg High School,
Holli?ter High School. Anderson's Academy.
Llvermore High School. Lcdl High -School.
Lompoc High School. Long Beach High School.
Harvard School of Los Angeles. Loa Angeles
High School. Occidental College of Los An
geles. Los Gatos High School. Madero High
School. Marysvtlle High School, Mendocino
High School, Merced High School. Mills Sem
inary. Modesto High School. Monrovia. High
School. Napa High School. National City High
School, Nevada City High School. Oakdale
High School. California College of Oakland.
Oakland High School. Horton School of Oak
land. Washington High School. Ontario High
School. Oroville Hish School. Pacific Grove
High School. Palo Alto High School. Pasadena
H'gh School. Throop Polytechnic Institute of
Pasadena. Paso Robles High School. Petaluma
High School. Pomona High School. Portervllle
High School. Retl Bluff High School. Shasta
High School. Redlands High School. Sequoia.
High School. Riverside High School. Sacra
mento High School, St. Helen* High School.
Salinas High School. San Bernardino High
School. San Diego High School. California
School of Mechanical Arts. College cf Notre
Dame of San Francisco, Girls' High School
ot San Francisco. Hamltn School of San Fran
cisco. .Irving Institute of San Franciaco.
Lowell High School of San Francis<x>. Mission
High School of San Francisco. Polytechnic
High School of San Francisco. Trinity School
of San Franclaco. Sanger High School. Acad
emy of Notre Dame of aan-Jose. Colle*«? of
Noire Dame of nan Jose, San Jose .High
School. Washburn .School of £an Ju9e. fan
Luis Qoispo High School. St. Matthew's
School. Dominican College of San Kafael.
San Itafa*! High School. Mount Tanuilpals
Military Aia.lmiy. Santa Ana High School.
Santa. Barbara High School. Santa Clara
High School. Santa Cruz Hish School. Santa
Maria High School. Santa Monica High School.
Panta Paula High School. Santa Rona High
School. Santa Ynez High School. Selma High
School. Stockton High School. Sutter City
High School. Meadow Lake High School of
Truckee. Tular* High School. Uk!an High
School. Vacaville High School. Vallejo High
School. Ventura High School. Visa! la High
School. Watsonville H!gJ» School. Whittler
High School. Woodland High School and Sis
kiyou High School.
The University of California an
nounced to-day the list of high schools
and academies of California that it
has passed upon as accredited, that is,
those whose graduates will be admit
ted to the university without matric
ulation examinations in those studies
In which they bring certificates from
the schools. Of the list of 124 schools
seven are new, being the Concord,
Fowler, Palo- Alto, Sanger, Santa
Ynez arid Sutter City High schools and
the Mount Tamalpais Military Acad
emy. The schools that were accredited
last year but do not appear on this
year's list are the Dixon and the Es
parto High schools, though Recorder
James Sutton refused to saj> whether
they had been omitted because they
did not come ur> to requirements. The
following is the accredited list:
Berkeley Office. San Francisco Call.
2148 Center Street, June 8.
Whether the salaries of the thirty
or forty employes on the infirmary
pay roll can be paid out of the money
now remaining in the fund or at all Is
a question that is Interesting them.
Statutory fees can be paid out of any
available money or can be carried
over into next year, but the wages in
question are not provided _for by stat
ute and if the present month slips
through without their being paid it is
questionable whether they will be
paid at all. The money remaining in
the fund could be used for this pur
pose, but there are outstanding
against this fund bills long overdue,
which were on file before the salaries
accrued and it is believed they must
take precedence in the order of filing.
The butcher and baker, grocer and
coal man have large accounts and the
banks have refused to discount their
claims. The clanu r for money is be
ing heard throughout political circles
and wherever inttuence can be brought
to bear upon the Supervisors to pass
claims. The Grand Jury is still in ses
sion and Ls hampering the movements
of the board. It is believed that as
soon as this official body is out of ex
istence the Supervisors will take some
action looking to the relief of the sit
uation.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June S.
The County Infirmary pay roll has
been suspended and no bills have been'
allowed against this fund since May
9. The employes of the County In- |
firmary and Receiving Hospital have
not received their May salaries. The
question is asked how far the Bhortage
will extend. There Is at present to the ,
credit of the infirmary fund the sum
of $4471 58. Against this there are
bills now on file aggregating about
$1.4,000 and a month yet to run be
fore the next year's' money will be
available.
County Assessor Henry P. Dalton
must pay Alameda County ?1999 which
he collected from the city of Oakland
for furnishing the assessment rolls to
the city. In a decision handed down
to-day Judge Melvin decides that Dal
ton has no right to the money. Dalton
charged the city of Oakland $2650 for
preparing the assessment rolls. Of this
amount Judge Melvin found 5651 to be
actual expenses, and that the balance
should have been turned Into the
county treasury.
On the trial of the 'county's suit
against Dalton he claimed he had em
ployed II. H. Miller, one of his deputies,
to do the work and .promised him 5
cents a folio, this being/the amount the
city was willing to pay. Thirteen men
finished the work in ten days and but
two of them were paid, the others testl
fj'ing they never expected anything for
their services.
Judge Melvin said:
The Assessor is required to file with the Au
ditnr "a »worn statement showing the persons
to whom the amounts paid to each • • • for
such aspe?Ement rolls." The very purpose of i
requiririK the sworn statement In, detail must
have been the furnishing of data which would
enable those Interested In the matter to deter
mine whether or not the Assessor had re
tained enly the actual cost of the work. There
fore It is clear that the contract with Mr.
Miller was void. That contract being of no
?"fleet, ttie Assessor must pay to the county the
difference between $2650 and the actual cost of
the work. It eeems frcra all the evidence that
a fair estimate of the value of their services,
countlnK overtime, for the days during which i
they worked upon the city's rolls, is $50 for
each man. or aii amount equal to the value of
fifteen days of the ordinary service of these
same men when working the usual number of
hours per day for the Assessor. It make rlo
difference that these men had afrreed to work
for Mr. Miller, their fellow employe, for less
money or for nothing or without any arrange
ment as to compensation. Whatever their re
lations with Mr. Miller might have been, which {
Induced them to reduce or waive comreneatlcn j
when working for him. these relations would
have no bearing upon their claim against fhe
Assessor for the reasonable value of their la
"bor.
From the foregoing it follows that plaintiff
should have judgment for the difference be
tween J2<2»'J and $C5l. that Is to say, for the
sum of $l't'.<ft, together with the costs of suit.
This is the third suit of the same
sort decided . against Dalton, and he
now has $2800 Just collected from th<;
city for the last assessment rolls which
will al*o be the subject of a suit.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, June 8.
William S. Kennedy, who was shot
by William O. Stewart at the Brings
ranch, near Alvarado, has made a
statement of the affray to Deputy
Sheriff J. H. Reilly, who was sent to
the raucJi by Sheriff Bishop. Ken
nedy denies Stewart's claim that he
< Kennedy) tried to stab Stewart. The
wounded man insists that he was shot
while trying to Bav« his young wife
from being killed.
It is a queer tale that Kennedy nar
rates. He declares that he became
natisfied that his wife, Edith, had be
eome enamored of Stewart when the
three lived at San Bernardino. Fol
lowing along his narrative. Kennedy
told Deputy Reilly that he invited
Stewart after meeting him in San
Francisco to go to the Briggs place,
and there, in Kennedy's hearing, ask
the woman whom she loved best.
"We went to the ranch," said Ken
nedy, "and Stewart called my wife out.
while I hid in some brush. Stewart
asked my wife to go with him and she
refused, starting back into the house
and declaring she would stay with me.
"With that Stewart pulled out a
pistol and commenced shooting. I
jumped out to my wife's rescue and
that was when I was shot. Stewart
ran away as I fell to th« ground."
Kennedy declared he had left San
Bernardino with his wife In order to
get away from Stewart, but the man
had followed them to San Francisco.
The wounded man is in a critical con
dition. Stewart teas brought back
from San Jose to-day.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,*
1016 Broadway, June 8.
Edward Clark Says There
Is. No Intention to Aban
don Many of the Activities
Contract Made by Him With
H. H. Miller Declared -to
. Be Illegal and Is Void
No Claims for May Yet Set
tled — This Years Appro
priation Is Not Yet Due
William Kennedy Narrates
His Side of Pistol Af
fray to Deputy Sheriff
Accredits 124 Secondary
Academies, Whose Gradu
ates 3Iay Go to College
John and Julia L«ivelle to Laura Ericsson,
lot on N line of Effle street. $»0 W -if Uwlnelle.
W 40 by N l-*S.3t>. lot 13. block 6. Case Tract.
Berkeley: $ll>.
Sam* to Karl and Dajraa Ornnroos. Jnt on
NW comer of Dwlnelle and Effie «treet3, X
1.T2.50 by^W M>. lots 11 and 12. block «. same.
Berkeley; $10.
W. G. and Nellie A. Britt to Harry Hooper,
lot on X line of Carlton street 175 VV of Ful
ton. W ."?« \r X r». portion lot 23. block 142H.
Berkeley property, maps Xos. 1 and 2. Blak*
Tract, etc.. Berkeley: $10.
George II. and Martha A. Ricker to William
Dormer lot on N line of Grant street. 15«> K
of Union. E 175 by N* 10t>. lots 46 to 52. biock
L, new map of eastern part of Lynn Hom«-
Btc.nl. Ku-t Oakland: $10.
James L. ami Mary C Barker to James G.
and Margaret A. Raphael, lot on E line of
Harper mreet. (18.78 N of Prince. N .V> by R
122.01. lot II. block 7, subdivision block 7.
Central Park. Berkeley: $1«>.
Reglna Beel « widow) to J. II. Hitchcock,
lot on E lin« of Third avenue. 178:3 S of S»e»
ond street. S 5»:9. E 312 :«. N 3*:«. W ai2:«.
portion of lot 3. block 3. plan State Univer
sity Homestead Association adopted March «.
1S73. Berkeley: $10.
A!sa E. and Charles W. McLaughlin tr> II.
W. Anstey. lots 2<> anl 21. block U. map Ade
line Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Harry L. and Xyda W. Holcomb to JeMi:<»
M. Elliw .wife of George W.>. lot on N line
of Thirty-seventh street. 30<> W of Telesrap*
avenue. W 4i>, X 150. E 49.37. 3 130. lot 1.
Rcosevelt Terrace. Oakland: $10.
Mary L. and J. P. <le «'amp M Marie A. von.
Kieferdorf. lot .on XE lino of Hamilton rUc».
473.0.1 XW of Oakland avenue. NE W>. NW TJ>.
SW 75. SE 33.**. lot 17. Hamilton Tract. Oak
land: 110.
Alameda County.
WW>SESDAT. JUNE 7.
O. A Lane (single) to George Ellis <single>.
lot mi « line of Sycamore street. HO W 01
Telegraph avenue. S 104) by W 50. Oakland;
Sa»ln*». Bulldla* : and _Lo*» *»£¦
elation (corporation) to Arthur B^NoflW^w
(jirgle). lot on S line of Grant avenue B
of Telo«raDh I! » by S tl5. being >%
15 Tee'* of lot 49 and E 13 feet of lot *»,.
•mended map of subdivisions of JJoss»o.ki
Tract. Oakland: $10. ...
Virginia H. Germain (Barker) or Anna \lr
einia Hussey Barker and Benjamin F. Ger
main . husband > to J. T. Robinson, lot on N
line of Chase street, 73 E of Cedar, t. ."«.»>.
K 270 W 63:5, ri l£5. W 23. S 1S3. to begin
ning. Oakland; *10l
John and Ada M. Hinkel to George R. r
lot on SE corner of Harper and Ruwell streets.
S 37 15 E 122. N 48. -W 122 :«; portion lots- in.
17 and 18, map of . subdivision of block W,
Central Park Tract. Berkeley; grant.
I'niversalist General Convention to Calvary
Baptist Church of Oakland, lot on W line «n
West street. Z9 3 of Twelfth. S 30 by W W;
lota 16. 17 and portion lot 14. block 131. Kel
lersberger's Map Oakland: S\nOO.
Lurer.a Denison, Florence t». Eloper (botn
»ingle> and Olive D. Ayer (wife of R. B.» to-
Emma Cox iwife of M. H-). lot cu Nw line
of Vernon street SO SVt of Moss avenue. SVT
55 by in* 130; lot 2 ami r'Ttton lot 1. bl.wlc C,
Stanford Tract. Oakland: $10.
REAL 'ESTATK TRANSACTIONS.
GIYES THEM STANDING
AGENT SPEAKS FOR HER
HAS NO RIGHT TO FEES
DENIES A KNIFE STORY
ANY BILLS PRESSING
Wounded 3Ian Claims He
Was Shot While Going to
Eescue of a Young Spouse
University's Benefactress
Will Continue to Help
Anthropological . Works
Salary Roll of the County
Infirmary Suspended Oav
ing to Lack of Funds
University of California
Passes Upon Qualifica
tions of Institutions
Suit Decided- Against Him
and Alameda County Given
Judgment for Sum of $1999
EMPLOYES ARE
STILL UNPAID
D ALTON MUST
RETURN MONEY
HEARST GIFTS
WILL NOT STOP
SAYS WIFE WAS
TO BE KILLED
HIGH SCHOOLS
MEET THE TEST
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF AT ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 9, 1904.
OAKLAND WILL
CELEBRATE THE
NATION'S BIRTH
PROMINENT CITIZEN WHO WILL,
ORGANIZE FOURTH OF JULY
PARADE AT OAKLAND.
HUSBAND ASKS . DIVORCE.-— OAKLAND,
June R. — Charles B. Lee, has Instituted divorce
proceedings' against Maud B. Lee, "on the
ground of desertion.
Notice. — Our name Is not in the tele
phone book. When you ' want . Bekln's
Van and Storage Company, call for Main
285. 1016 Broadway. . *
PARIS. June 8.— The. ecore at the end of
the third round In the Schaefer-Cure billiard
match for 300O poinU. lS-Inch balk line to
nltht was: Cure, 1600. Schaefer 1145. Cur»
beat the record In a match of this class- by a
run of 225.
6
A TitTF'B.TT^yBiryyyyTg^
Only those who use it
know the luxury of it.
Pears' is the purest and
best toilet soap in all the
world.
JUttbUahedorer too year.. -
OAKLA>T>.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone 31ain 1083.
BEKKEI^EY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAJIKDA.
1435 Park Street. •
Telephone Alameda 4oD3.
BEAXCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IX
ALAMEDA COUNTY
ADVESTISESXENTSL
GOT A TOOTHACHE?
Don't attempt to cure it with any of
the so-called toothache cures. Better let
th«
DENTISTS
Examine the tooth. locate the troubl«
and remove the cause.
SXASmrATXOXS MASS PltSE.
All our Vork ts high grade. The teeth
made In our laboratory ure perfect to
appearance and action.
PUtei, mil Set, |3. Brldg* Work, 55.
POST-GRADUATEDENTAL COLLEGE
3 TaTLOS ST.. 8AXT r*A If CISCO.
•- 973 Waahtasrton St.. Oakland.
San Jose. ... SaermacatoiHarbor Commissioners.
- At a meeting of the State Board of Harbor
Commissioner* yesterday the plans submitted
by the Chief Engineer for pier 44, Pacific
Mall Dock, were approved. The cost of con
structing the- pier and- the shed will exceed
$300,000. .
Masters and engineers of State tugs ap
plied to the board 'for Increase of compensa
tion from $125 to $150 per month. The ap
plication was taken under advisement
6 ACRED HEART OBSERVANCE.— A thre»
day*' devotion In honor of the sacred heart
of Jesus Is being " observed In 8t. Francis
Church. Rev. Joseph IV'tiydon, 8; J., will
preach to-morrow evening upon the- sacred
heart. A large number of parishioners aro
attending the devotions.
MAE HAMMOND CONSIDERED INSANE.
Mae Hammond, who tried to end her life by
swallowing carbolic acid in her room . at ' 212
Eddy street • two weeks since, and who was
»ent to the French Hospital for treatment,
was returned to the Emergency Hospital yes
terday where she is charged with Insanity. ' .
The norena. or nine days' devotion, will
terminate In Sacred Heart , Church to-morrow
(Friday). It being the Feast of the Sacred
Heart of Jesus. In the morning at 0 o'clock
solemn hlsh man will be sung by the Rev.
John A. Ferry, chaplain of the Tenth Infantry,
i:. S. A., as celebrant; the Rev. Philip Byrne,
aetlnr pastor, as deacon; the Rev. Thomas
Oomerford as sub-deacon, and -Rev. John P.
Coyle, pastor of the fitar of the Sea Church,
as master of ceremonies.
Feast of Sacred Heart.
Charles J. O'Connell, a landscape
painter and formerly a policeman, cut
his throat yesterday morning while
suffering from an attack of melan
cholia. He died within a few mo
ments.
He resided with his family at Al
Unden avenue. His brother, Geor^,
discovered the dead body In an out
house at 8:45 a. m. , after returning
from St. Ignatius Church.
The suicide retired from the police
force about twelve years ago. He was
a native of Ireland and 55 years old.
Two years ago while riding with Mar
tin Hogan In a buggy he was thrown
out and severely injured about the
head. His relatives informed Deputy
Coroner Meehan that ever since the
accident i O'Connell • had been, acting
queerly at times and that he must
have been insane when he committed
the deed. ; .
Believed to Have Been Demented Be
cause of a Buggy Accident About
Two Years Ago.
EX-POLICEMAX O'COXXELL
CUTS HIS THROAT
The Supreme Court decided yester
day that J. P- Abbott was elected Jus
tice of the Peace of Judicial Town
ship No. 8, Contra Costa County, in
1902. A. C. Hartley was declared
elected by the canvassing: board. Ab
bott contested and won his case In the
Superior Court. Hartley appealed to
the Supreme Court, alleging that cer
tain ballots _ had wrongfully been
counted for the rivs.! candidate.
Abbott Wins Contest-
Golden Gate Aerie No. 61, F. O. E.,
will hold its annual picnic on Sunday
next, June 12, at Shell Mound Park.
The committees have been for some
time planning for the outing, which
promises to eclipse all previous pic
nlcs siven by the organization. There
will be a variety of games and the
winners will receive handsome and
valuable prizes.
Cash prizes for Irish and Scotch
dancing contests will be offered and a
special feature will be the prizes for
children, for whom a most interesting
programme has been arranged.
Tickets for the picnic are 60 cents.
Children under. 12 will be admitted
free. -*;.>-
Following is a list of the commit
tees: «
Finance. Ban-on: program *e, G.
Schneider; music. John Wlchman; transporta
tion Dr. Klngwell; printing. F. Anderson;
prizes J T. Gibson: games. William Maxwell;
reception. F. Shannon. v
General committee— Chairman. Ed Murphy;
vice chairman, J. T. Gibson: treasurer, C. J.
Stewart; secretary. C. A. Wescott.
Tempting Programme of Games Has
.Been Arranged by the Industri
ous Committees.
GOLDEN GATE AERIE WILL
GO A-PICNICKING SUNDAY
I. Burkhard and daughter. H. Hlrsch. T.
Morehouse. F. V. Dunham. TV. S. Collins,
J'.tsi* Krvriman. Miss B. Collins. Mrs. J. R.
Taylor. J. Keamley. Homer Laughlin Jr., D.
v.\ >turt<uck and family. J. Ftorhm, Mr. and
Mr*. U K. ijtjltfctmck. K. B. Koss.
yapa— Mrs. F. M. Goodman. Marie Good-
Pauceaa—X II. McBride. Bertha Hilly.
San Jos'— A. N. I»?sc, Angella Morrison,
C. W. Child* ano family. Fannie E. Morrison.
Osklflnd— J. Mc<~orm!ck, A. R. Mulr, Mrs.
G. V. Taylor. E. Kritsch.
Barbara— Mis* Minnie Kellogg.
Santa Clara — Emily Pamell.
I'resno — A. L. McCray.
Alsm*£a— W. A. Moore.
rtalcertficld— A. W. Miller.
Ixw Gatos— Mr. 8Tid Mrs. L. P. Dts<ju«.
Baltimore. Md.— Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Gillian,
fcmj»rly of California.
Sacramento— J. W. Eadlcr.
Nevada City — T. Morgan. '
s«n Diego — G. S. Murphy and wife.
Kan Bernardino — O. J. Sessions, W. H.
T»mnrr. Mentone.
ficn Dlmas — A. A. Neher.
Santa Monica— Mrs. J. Meissud.
Riven'.ide — E. Mountcn.
TT. LOLIS. Jun<» P. — The following Call
{ornian* have registered at the LouUiana
I'urchaae Exposition:
San Francisco — W. A. Ballard. Mrs. I.
Schwartz and daughters, Adolph Stabl, Mr.
knd Mrs. V. V. tlmmene. E. E. Gelselman, E.
• Tucuel, C. G. Cambourn, Mr. and Mrs. B.
l^antt, A. F. Morrieon and wife.
l<os Angcle*— Francis Coulter, Mr. and Mrs.
at St. Louis.
People 1'rom AH Parts of State Are
CALIFORNIANS ATTENDING.
FAXTA KE, N. M., June S. — J. B. Ash
croft of Frultlands. a Bishop of the Mormon
<rhuich sud manapT of the co-operative etore
at Fruitlands. was accidentally killed while
biasliig rock In the construction of an irrt
sstion ditch for th? Navajo Indians near
Fruitlands. He nai knocked from a cliff by
lalllng rock, death faulting instantly.
Bishop Ashcroft Is Killed While Blast
ing Rock on Irrigating
Ditch.
MOKMON BISHOP FALLS
OVER CLIFF TO DEATH
Each year S. N. Wood &. Co. have been com
pelled to make extensive alterations to ac
commodate their fast'growlng trade. A few
days ago they leased the store .next to them
at 742 Market. This will give a great deal more
space for window display and provide sales
floor of considerable width and depth.- The
hat department will move into the new store,
thus having more room and better facilities.
The clothing department will be extended by
occupying the space formerly devoted to hats.
A. L. Peyser, the manager of S. N*. Wood &.
Co., when asked to what he attributed the
rapid growth of his firm, said:
"People will buy where they can get the
most for their money. Just as water seeks Its
level, the public will look for and patronize
that store that gives them full value for their
money and treats them with just considera
tion. And that's the whole etory in a nut
shell. I recall Emer6on's word*, for they
apply exactly to our establishment: "If a man
write a better book, preach a better sermon
or maXe a better mousetrap than his neigh
bor, though he build his house in the woods,
the world will make a beaten path to his
door." "
Five years ago when S. N. Wood & Co.
leased the butldlng formerly occupied by tbt
Golden Rule Bazaar many merchants du
biously shook their heads, thinking that the
step was too great. True, it was quite an
undertaking for a clothing firm. But later
developments proved conclusively that the
move was a. good one.
& Co.'s Venture and Additional
Room Is Secured.
Prosperity Has Attended S. N. Wood
HONEST DEALING HAS
BROUGHT THEM SUCCESS
Captain Frederick P. Reynolds, assistant
s-ur£fon. relieved from duty at army general
hospital. Washington Barracks, District of
• 'otumbls, to, take effect July 1, and will
th*n rrtJC^ed to the Presidio, San Franoisco,
ami report to the commanding officer. Private
»l.«m Wftme. Company I), Tenth Infantry.
Prt-sidin. i* transferred to the PignaJ corps.
He will be ?ent to Renicia Barrack*", reporting
t.> thf commanding officer. Sergeant Van B.
Hector of the signal corps now at Marshall.
X. C-, upon the expiration of the furlough
s:anted him from Bcnlcla Barracks. Califor
nia, will report to the commanding officer,
t-izna! corps lost. Fcrt Meyer, Va.
Orders to naval officer*: Captain J. H.
Merrill, detached from duty tn connection
»lth the General Board at Washington, D.
C. June 30, to command of the Oregon, sail
ing via fteamer Mongolia from San Fran
cisco July 2G.
Lieutenant J. R. flocum to Pensacola naval
training station at San Francisco, with addi
tional duty at training station.
WASHINGTON. June 8.— Bids were opened
to-day lor the erection of a crude petroleum
turning riant for the poetefflce -of San Fran
ii!--eo. The lowest bid vus that of Robert
Ijalziel of Oakland. $1*124.
Orders War L*r>*rtment : Captain Manly B.
<."urry. paymaster, is relieved from duty at
Atlanta, Oa.. and will proceed to San Fran
cit-eo and report to the commanding general,
Lh*partnier.t of California. Captain Curry
will take station at ."-an Francisco.
]yCA\f of absence granted on contract of
Gustavus I. How», IT. F. -A., in *peclal orders
No. »4. Department of California, extended
Oakland Contractor Gives Lowest Bid
for Installing Petroleum Plant in
PostofSce Building.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
General executive committee — Rev. James
McI»naJd (chairman). John E. O'Brien, Frank
Weyland J. J. Connolly, J. J. Jordan. George
Lynch. Thomas Learned. P. M. O'Donnell, M.
C. Lynch. James Kelly, Frank Dougherty, D.
A. McGloln. James Hayes. Mr. Silk. A. B.
Maguire, Mrs. McAleer, Mrs. Lamburth. Mrs.
Grazer. Mrs. Raubinger. Mrs. Silk,- Miss Dona
hue, Miss O'Dwyer. Miss Monahan, Miss King,
Thcmas Dougherty. J. H. Qulnn.
Committee of arrangements— Frank Dough
erty (chairman). Rev. Father Moran. Rev.
Father Cantillton, George Lynch. Thomas
Ltarned. Mrs. McAleer, Miss Monahan.
Transportation committee — John E. O'Brien
(chairman). P. M. O'Donnell. Frank Weyland,
Mr. O'Hara, J. J. Jordan. J. H. Quinn.'
Reception committee— James J. Connolly
(chairman). Mrs. Lamburth. Miss -O'Dwyer,
Mrs. Raubtnger. Mrs. Grazer. Mrs. Qulnn, Miss
Quinn Mlsg Morten. Miss Donahue, Miss
Hughes Miss Thornton. Miss McConnac, James
Hayes. Dr. Grazer. Dr. McCarthy. A. B.
Maguire. D. A. McGloin. Mr. Hanley, M§rk
Mc^ann.
Prize committee — George Lynch (chairman),
J. J. Jordan. J. J. Connolly.
Music committee— Mrs. McAleer, Miss Mon
ahan. Miss Thornton, Miss Morton, Miss
Hughes. "-•.:'¦
Games committee — Thomas Dougherty (chair
man). J. J. Jordan. Frank 'VWyland. D. A.
McGloin. Frank Dougherty.
and Large Attendance Is
• Assured.
The annual reunion of St. Charles
parish will be held at Mirabel Park,
Sonoma County, on Tuesday, June 14.
The party, which, is expected to be a
very large one, will travel via the Cali
ifornia Northwestern Railway. The
several committees are working dili
gently to provide one of the best pro
grammes for the day that St. Charles
parish has ever known.
Following are the committees:
Reunion to Be Held at- Mirabel Park
ST. CHARLES PARISH PLANS
PROGRAMME FOR OUTING
A month ago they reached Constan
tinople. At this time the yourrg ladies
were evidently in a nervous condition
and told stories of an attempt to kid
nap them near the Pyramids and of
their having been pursued across the
Galilee by Bandit Sheik. On the ar
rival of the three sisters in Vienna
their nervousness became more
marked. They dismissed or evaded
the courier and moved from hotel to
hotel, declaring that they were pur
sued by masked men. This went on
for several days until finally the un
fortunate sisters accosted a policeman
on the Rinpstrasse and begged protec
tion. They were immediately taken
in charge and placed in ait asylum.
PARIS. June 8. — Friends of the
Misses Bondy of New York have re
ceived from Vienna news that the
young women are in a medical insti
tution in that city, having been taken
there for observation and treatment
while laboring under great excitement
or hysteria. '.
Six months ago the three young sis
ters left New York for Europe un
attended for a trin to the Mediterra
nean, Egypt and the Holy Land. Well
supplied with both letters of credit
and introduction, they sailed through
the Mediterranean and after visiting
the claFsic lands started for the Holy
I^ands and Syria, not, however, before
they had already had some unpleasant
experiences which- demonstrated that
traveling without a male escort or
chaperon in Eastern countries is
<juite different thing from what It
is in America.
Special Dispatch to The Cull.
Travelers Are Pursued by
Bandits and Barely Escape
Kidnapers at the Pyramids
NOW IX A SAXITAB-ITOI
As an exponent of business and club
life in this city, he Is exceptionally
popular, being accounted rarely good
'company by his confreres, and a good
business man by his associates.
¦ Mr. and Mrs. Williar will spend a few
weeks at Monterey, the Elysium of the
newly wed, and returning will take
up their abode in Mr. Williar's pictur
esque home on the hillside of Sausalito.
The season of 1904 has been replete
with smart weddings, but it remained
for the Huntsman-Willlar nuptials at
high noon yesterday to set the standard
of quiet elegance and delicacy of detail.
The ceremony uniting Miss Genevieve
Louise Huntsman and Harry R. Williar
¦was performed by the Rev. Dr. Clam
pett at the home of the bride, whtah
had been decorated with a profuslorr of
Hewers and ferns.
The bride, a statesque maid of superb
coloring, wore a white chiffon cloth
gown, hand made and 'trimmed with
rare old lace. She was attended by her
sister, Mrs. Kindleberger, as matron of
honor, and was given into the keeping
of the groom by her mother, Mrs.
George Huntsman.
Mr. Williar comes from an old Baltl
morean family of high repute, members
of which for a century have attained
distinction in professional and social
affairs.
Young Women Hare Excit
ing Experience in Orient
and Collapse as ' Eesult
TOURIST PERILS
UNNERVE GIRLS
MISS HUNTSMAN
BECOMES BRIDE
OF MR. WILLIAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', . THURSDAY,. JUNE 0, 190*.
7
AT CUT PRICES !
Notsrlthstandlris; xny low prices,
tny drvelopinj? and printing work are
of tlic hichost grade. I eave my pa-
trons money, time and trouble. S«e
those ligures and ttrCn send In trfcU
order:
DEVELOPING:
noil of 6 IOcRoJI of 13 iSc
PRINTING:
Solio finish.. JSc-Sc ) Velcnc finish. .3c-6c
SEND IN A TRIAL ORDER NOW.
Cameras of all kinds repaired at
moderate rates.
DATLIGHT LOADING riLUS of all
popular sizes at popular prices.
MffH Orders Promptly rilled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS, the Stationer.
IOCS Market Street, above Powell.
San Francisco.
Bartlett
Springs
Ask those who have been to Bj\RT-
LETT why, so many go there year
after year? \ And they will tell you
that the great magnet that draws the
people to the Springs is the wonder-
ful BARTLETT WATER. •
Those suffering with liver, kidney,
bladder, stomach, ¦ malarial, rheu-
matic, etc., troubles will be helped by
coming to Bartlett and drinking the
mineral waters and bathing In the
soda-magnesia water.
Resident physician, manager- of
amusements, masseurs and a fine ta-
ble at Bartlett.
Rates — Hotel, $12.00 to $17.50 per
week. Housekeeping cottages. $3.00
to $15.00 a week.
Write J. E. MCMAHAN*. Bartlett
Springs. Cal., or call at 2 Sutter St..
San Francisco.
GRAND OPENING
and Dedication of the Exten-
sive Beach Improvements at
Santa Cruz
Saturday Ev'ng, June 1 1
Grand Fireworks Display by California
Fireworks Co. Brilliant Electrical Illu-
minations of Pacific Ave. and Esplanade,
Neptune Casino. Plunge Baths and Pleas-
ure Pier. Third Artillery Band, U. S. A..
Concert and Ball.
Special Excursions via S. P. Ry
Santa Gatalina Island
3V, Hours From Los Angeles. Season 1301.
Oar Famous Marine Band.
Hunting mountain goat, tailing, bathing,
golf, tennis and the finest fishing on the
coast. -
Camp Life a Special Feature.
Hundreds of furnished tents at reason-
; able rates.
Hotel Metropole.
Modern to all particulars.
For further Information address
PECK'S . INFORMATION BUREAU. 11
i Montgomery st.. or BANNING CO., 222 S.
; Spring st.. Los Anceles.
LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland of America.
THE ROBSON ORCHESTRA -COMPANY
and DR. MONROE CALLENDER will furnifh
the best music ever played at any resort in
the State. Boating, swimming, marine tobog-
gan, mineral springs, new livery. KDGAR
OURNAN. owner and proprietor. Laurel Dell
P. O.. Lake County, Cal.
nil |* f\ II Hot Springs; on line South.
I I V I I Hi ern Pa cinc; 24 hours from
K I K I I tH Kan Francisco. 3 trains
II 1 111 daiIy: luxurious mineral
U I I i U 1 1 and baths; hotel
unique in cuisine 'service
snJ appointments. Information at S. P\ Co.
Bureau. 613 Market st.. Peck's Bureau. 11
Montgomery St.. or H. R. WARNER. Byron
Hot Springs, Cal.
White Sulphur Springs
Santa Rosa, Cal.
A quiet and refined family resort In a secluded
spot two and a half miles from the City of
Roses; beautiful grounds; mountain climbing
and driving: all kinds of .amusements: water
and bath unexcelled as tonic and restorative;
2% hours' ride from San Francisco via Tiburon
ferry; bus meets trains; $8 per week and up;
send for booklet; telephone White Sulphur,
P. O. box 155.
H. A. D. FLEMING. Proprietor.
TUXEDO HOTEL,
Extensively Improved since last season.
Opened April 1. THOS. L. BELL, MET.. Felton,
Cal. Buy tickets to Tuxedo, narrow-gauge,
foot of Market street. Round trip, J3.00.
HOTEL BEN LOMOND,
Santa Craz Mountains.
Now open. For booklet apply to Peck's Bureau,
11 Montgomery, or S P. Cc, 613 Market. B.
DICKINSON. Prop.. Ben Lomond, CaL
LA HONDA AND PBSCADERO
Buy your railroad ticket to Redwood City; 9
a. m. train. 3d and Townsend, and 9:20 a. m.
train from San Jose connect with stages direct.
Address WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City,
I CaK ; ¦ - . .. ¦ -• -
Tusoan
- Mineral Spcin£s.
OPEN EVERY SAT IN THE TEAS.
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN: A year and
three months ago I was attacked with that
terrible disease, locomotor ataxia. Power to
balance, stand, or even sit down, entirely lost.
Two best doctors of San Francisco and Hot
Springs. Ark., failed to help me. My stom-
ach, bowels and kidneys failed to work. I had |
catarrh of stomach, head and bladder as a re- j
suit of the disease; these troubles becamo,
chronic. At times my heart would beat like a j
drum, my eyes grew weak, my memory bad. ,
my nerves wrtcked. Three months ago I went
to Tuscan Springs. What happened since was J
a pleasant surprise to me. Drank the waters, .
took the baths — after three weeks' treatment ¦
stomach, bowels, bladder and kidneys In per- |
feet condition, eyesight perfect, nervousness >
gone, memory good. After three months' treat-
ment, .walked without a cane, with eyes closed
and up and down steep hills; am cured of this
dread disease, now walk with slight limp.
Have run stores in seventeen towns of the
State of Calitornia; am well known In down-
town districts of San Francisco; inquiry there
will prove truth of my helpless condition three
months ago. Further Information, address
I-OUIS JACOBS. 0 Stockton st., San Francisco,
Cal.
We - have hundreds of testimonials from
others. Send I>0c in stamps 3 for bottle of
stomach and catarrh Salts. Round-trip tickets
at reduced rates. - Southern Pacific.
; TUSCAN MINERAL SPRINGS CORP.,
Tuscan, Cat.
The most enthusiastic be-
lievers in
AETNA SPRINGS
Are those that come back
• year after year. Its best
friends are its old friends.
Find out why. Just send
for booklet. Aetna
Springs Co., Napa Co.,
Cal. ,
THE NEW HOTEL AT
ADAMS
IS FINISHED.
Every one knows that Adams water cures
stomach, ilver and kidney diseases.
. . WHY EXPERIMENT?
For further particulars write to W. R. PRA-
THER.
CAMP VACATION.
Hotel under canvas on the Russian Rive*
below Guemeville In a trove a mile and a half
long, skirting the river; tennis courts; 40 new
boats; wiU build a dam In the riser. 4 miles
of smooth water for boating and bathing.
Adults $2 per day. $10 per week; children
under 10 half rates. Special rates for fam-
ilies. Opens May 1. Address MRS. L. C. CNO-
P1US, CamD Vacation. "Vacation" P. O.. So-
noma County, Cal.
LYTTON SPRINGS
New management; no staging: depot on
grounds; phone; fare $2 40: Tlburon ferry;
rates $10 to $15 week: table first class; our
own dairy: hot mineral baths; swimming tank;
livery; billiards; croquet. Booklet Peck's Bu-
reau.- 11 Montgomery St.. or BARKER &
ROSS, Lytton Springs. Sonoma County. Cal.
LAKE TAHOE RAILWAY AND
TRANSPORTATION CO.
Connects at Truckee with train leaving S. F.
at 8:05 p. m. Returning, connects at Truckee
with train reaching S. F. at 7:50 a. rn.
TAHOE TAVXSN — Situated on the
shores of Lake Tahoe, the largest and most
beautiful body of water in the world at this
elevation, is now open for the accommodation
of guests. The tavern will be conducted this
season by Mr. F. W. Richardson, manager of
California's famous mission hotel. The Glen-
wood, Riverside, which is sufficient guarantee
that it will be strictly first class. The table
will be supplied with all delicacies of the sea-
son, while fishermen will be constantly em-
ployed to furnish lake trout. For rates address
F. W. RICHARDSON.
THE TALLAC 5155s
Now open. The Summer Resort of America.
European plan only. Cafe first class. Prices rea-
sonable Resident physician. No consumptlvss.
Pamphlets at S. P. . office, 613 Market street.
Address M. LAWRENCE fc CO.. Tallac. Cal.
BROCK WAY
Lake Tahoe.
OPENS JUNE lit.
"Write FRANK B. ALVERSON. Mgr..
«' - * Brockway. CaL
BUBICON PARK— A delightful resort
on shores of Lake Tahoe. Best sandy beach
for bathing on the lake. Fine fly fishing and
hunting in season. Boats, fishing tackle and
horses at moderate hire. Rates $2 a day or
from $10 to S16 per week. P. O. and telephone.
A. L. FROST. Rubicon Park, Lake Tahoe, CaL
— Z.AXE TAHOE.
LAKESIDE PARK. Open Mar 1. Hotel,
cottages and tents. Popular family resort. D«-
liehtfut camping grounds near steamer land-
ing. Furnished tents to rent. Booklets. Trav-
elers" Bureau, 30 Montgomery st.. or of E. B.
Smith & Co.. Stateline P. O.. Cal.
"THE OXOVS."
Lake Tahoe half a mile east of Tallac, oa
lake shore; rates $2.00 a day; $10.00 a week;
meals SOc Good saddle horses and the best
of livery. Boats free to all guests. J. E.
PARMETER. proprietor, Tallac. Cal.
LAKE SHOKE HOUSE — Glenbrook.
Nev. Cottages to rent $5 up. 1st- class board, milk
and cream, fresh vegetables. D. COUILLARD.
nECD DiDV IVN*nd cottages; 6 miles from
VLTK rAKBi IHn Lake Tahoe; open June 1;
elevation 6507 feet: mineral springs. Booklet
Travelers' Office. u0 Montgomery st.
J. B. SCOTT, Deer Park. CaL
£\* > V WHITNEY HOUSE, '-.
Truckee. Cal. The leading hotel. Headquar-
1 ters for tourists and commercial men. Summer
J and winter resort. Meal station for pacs^a-
• gers. - Stage for Lakes Independence and Web-
ber. CamDbell Hot Springs and Sierravllle.
STEWART McKAY. proprietor.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing; boats; excellent table; climate per-
fect; 16 miles from Truckee, In an unbroken
forest. For information inquire at Traveler
office. 30 Montgomery St.. Peck's Information
Bureau, or Mrs. H. M. demons. Truckee. Cal.
1 KUWIVCC COUMTHT CLTTB.
SUMMER RESORT. SPORTSMEN'S LODGK.
Fourth season. Sierra attractions. Cagt§t>rnla's
largest rainbow hatchery. Finest Ashing. O.
H. FOULKS, Verdi. Nev.. or Nevada block.
San Francisco. - .' • ¦ - • ¦ - - ;
CAMPBELL HOT SPRINGS. -¦
In Sierra Nevada Mountains. Sierra County,
5000 feet elevation. • Are beautifully located
at the head of the. great Sierra Valley. 30
miles long by 5 miles wide, surrounding which
is the great primeval forest of pine and ttr. A
specialty is made of the tabl*. The hot springs
are unequaled ¦ for the cure of rheumatism,
gout. Hver and kidney complaints and all blood
and skin diseases. Rates for room and board.
$11 to $12 per week. Round trip from San
Francisco to springs via Boca, $14 50. Stage
daily except Sunday, connecting with 8 p. m.
train trom San Francisco. j
THE GEYSERS
The Most Famous Health and Pleasure
. V Resort in California.
THE CLIMATE AND SCENERY are unsur-
passed and ths waters are acknowledged the
best on -the. market. Natural mineral, steam
and Ifammam baths. Swimming lake of tepid
mineral- water. Boating, hunting, fishing,
dancing, shulfle-board. billiards and croquet.
THE HOTEL AND COTTAGES have been
renovated throughout, and new cottages. and a
fine pavilion built this year.
There will be a rully equipped dairy and liv-
ery stable in connection with the hotel. The
hotel, cottages, bath houses aifd grounds are
lighted by electricity.
The hotel will be supplied with the best th»
market affords. Rates, $10. $12, $14 and *16
per week. For further particulars and booklet
write R. H. CURRY. Prop. The Goysersv
Sonoma County. California. '
Agua Cal iente
Springs
TV> have added many NEW attractions to
this beautiful and romantic spot; open all the
year rour.d; the nearest Hot Sulphur Springs to
San Francisco, temperature 110 degrees; no
Etaginsr; fare $1 10: sure cure for rheumatism,
asthma and all kindred ailments. We have five
different Hot Sulphur Springs; tub and plunge
baths and the largest mineral water swimming
tank in the State. Table and rooms are first
class. Rates $2 prr day. $12 to $14 per week.
; Special ratrn 10 families and half rates to chil-
j dren. Inquire at Peck's, 11 Montgomery St.,
or address THEO. RICHARDS. Agua Caliento
Springs. Sonoma County. California.
We have erected a stone building, modern
dining-room; can seat 400 guests.
WHY NOT SPEND YOUR
SUMMER AT HOTEL DEL
MONTE? NEW MANAGE-
MENT-GOLF, GLASS-
BOTTOMED BOATS, SURF
AND POOL BATHING,
OILED ROADS. SPECIAL
TERMS TO FAMILIES.
GEO. P.SNELL, MANAGER.
a IS A /*/*O IIOT SPIUJCGS; SONOMA
UA/fl L7L7U COUNTY; only 4% hours
from San Francisco and
*" m "¦ but 0 miles rtagtng; wa-
ter* .noted for medicinal virtues; best natural
hot mineral water baih,lo. Slate; boating and
swimming In Warm 'Spring- Creek; good trout
streams; telephone, telegraph, dally mall, ex-
press and San ¦ Francisco morning and evening
papers: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE
KKKVICE; both morning and afternoon stages,
round trip from San Francisco only $5 50. Take
Tlburon ferry dally at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p. m. 1
Rates $2 a day or $12 a week. References, any
Kuen of the past nirve years. Patronage of
190:*. unprecedented. Information at Tourltt ln-
fiirsnatlon Bureau, It Montgomery St., or of
J. F. MULCREW. Skaggs. Cal. - -
MARK WEST
-" E^ E " SPRINGS
MRS. J. D. DROST and MRS. H. KOENER
will manage the springs; many Improvements;
new cement bathhouse and gas all over place:
$2 day; $10 and $12 week. Office. 833 Larkln
St., cor. Gear)', or Mark West Springs, Santa
Rosa. Rural No. 6. ,
- 1 , __ ;
I CAMP CURRY :
1 > Get circulars at all railroad offices. ,
? Advertised by 4000 guests. - . . <
% YOSEMITE
* \ '_ _ : *
ZBI-.TTEI
Ideal summer resort; hunting, boating, fish-
ing. Music every evening. ¦ Send for pamphlet.
O. WEISMAN. Midlake P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal.,
or call on Dr. Happersberger. 1104 Market, S. F.
LAKES
Hotel I EL CARMELO
Pacific Grove, California. 'The Little Del
Monte." At the seaside with home comforts.
The Dlace to spend" your vacation with your
family. Surf bathing and fishing. Rates
with board $2 50 a day upward, cheaper than
staying home. Send for Illustrated pamphlet.
Address OEO. H. CORDY, Manager.
Own Summer Home of ss'ss. Camp Meefcr
Pure water, equable climate, lots selling $10
up; cottages built by Meeker, $50 up; depot:
stores; restaurant; hotel; post and -express;
telephone; eawmill; 900 lots sold; 300 cottages
built. Bausalito ferry. N. 8. R. R. M. C
MEEKER, Camp Meeker, Sonoma County.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM.
Not a ho-pltal; best equipped on Coast; mod-
ern improvements; large treatment rooms;
Ideal location; 5V4 acres; one block from street
cars: write for literature. San Jose, Cal.- .
VICHY SPRINGS -
Three miles from Ukiahj Mendoclno County.
Natural electric rvaters, champagne baths.
Lovely grounds: *flshlng and hunting; , crystal
spring: fcccomrnodations and table first class.
J. A. REDEMEYER. Proprietor.'
H. 8. R. R. TOCALOfllfl M arin Co.
Bertrand Hotel; Urst-class accommodations;
special rates for families and oartles; fishing,
hunting. boatlnK. bathina; beautiful driven to
Benr Valley: telephone. JOSEPH F. BER-
TKAND. or Bulletin Office, every Thursday, 2
to 4 p. m. " • '.•-••¦-
DUNCAN SPRINGS
OPEN May 15. Two miles from Hopland.
Fine medicinal waters. ' Hard finished hotel.
Excellent table. Rates $10 to $12 per week. K
Napa Soda Springs.
The. famous mountain health and- pleasure
resort is now open for the patronage : of J the
public Address.. JOHN . JACOBS. ,
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
Open June 1, new hotel;. large dining-room,
telephone,' 'hunting.', fishing, swimming, bowl-
ing dancing.: Oet booklet Information Bureau;
30 Montgomery st. DR.; XV. A. McCORNACK,
proprietor. ; • - '..-.'¦ -.. ' -
PARK HOUSE, Ben Lomond; Cat
1 Under. new management. Up to date. Brau-
tlful grounds. <¦ Running stream and pond with
good fishing. Playgrounds for children; -Free
carriage meet* all. trains. J. D.. CELL A,. Mgr.
CAZADERO
Til* Gem 0* All northern Retreats.
Grove, Forest, Glad a and Sell.
Crest, Canyon. Hill and Sale.
XnoU, Knob, Peak and Mountain, -
The home of the trout end the haunt of th*
deer. Reached over the North Shore Ry., via
Sausalito Ferry.
A year ago I leased this resort for a num-
ber of years. To-day I have the pleasure t»
tell you that, owing to last season's big and
unprecedented 'partonage. I have purchased this
magnlflcest domain of over 1200 acres. A thor-
ough renovation has been made of all the prop-
erties. Insuring the best of service and ac-
commodation. In the matter of recreation
a new building containing a bowling alley has
been added, also a new tennis court, and boat-
ing and bathing on the river, all free to guest*.
Free camping grounds in the Cazadero giant-
redwoods from May until October, but sani-
tary ruloa must be compiled with. .
Lots, one-quarter acre, for sale, from 9100
up. and cottages built to suit at city figures.
Take Sausalito Ferry via North Shore Rail-
road. Round trip good for s!x months. $3 75.
Round trip. Friday till Monday. $.'(; no stag-
Ing; depot on the ground. Fare at hotel or cot-
tages. 12 per day; 110 to $14 per week; spec.al
rate by the month.
For particulars other than herein given writs
J. J. THIRION. owrtr and manager. Hotel del
Cazadero. Sonoma Co.. Ca!.. or North Shcr«
R. R. office. 624 Market St.. San Francisco.
VACATION 1904
IS HOW READY FOR DISTRIBUTION.
"VACATION" is issued. an-
nually by the
California Northwestern R'y
THE nCTUSESQUE EODTE 07 CILTTOSKU,
and is the standard publication
1 on the Pacific Coast for informa-
tion regarding .
MINERAL SPRING RESORTS
COUNTRY HOMES AND FARMS
WHERE SUMMER BOARDERS
ARE TAKEN, AND SELECT CAMP-
ING SPOTS.
This year's edition. "Vacation
1904," contains over ISO pases,
beautifully illustrated, and Is
complete in Its detailed informa-
tion as to locatlon, ( accommoda-
tions, attractions, etc.. with
terms from $7.00 per week up.
To be had at Ticket Offices. «S0 Market
Street (Chrcnicle Building), and Tiburon Ferry,
foot of Market Street; Genera! Office. Mutual
Life Building, corner of Sansom* and California
Streets, San Francisco; In Oakland at U73
Broadway.
Application*, by Mail Will Baceiv* Xm-
-vV;- mediate Bespoaie.
JAS L. FRAZIER. Gen'l Manager.
R. X. RYAN. Gen'l Pass"r Agent.
SODA BAY SPRINGS
Situated on Clear Lake. Hunting, fishing,
boating, launch, horses, tennis, croquet, dark-
room, warm soda geyser in bathhouse, club-
house, etc.. Increased accommodations, modern
conveniences. Scenery unsurpassed Table -v
specialty. Rates per week. $10 to <1S. Photo*
and Information at Chatfleld & Vlnzent's. 723
Montgomery St. or I>EE D. CRAIG. Manager.
Soda Bay. Kelseyvllle P. a.. Lake Co.. Cal.
Take county
New. comfortable carriages direct to ttm
most picturesque portion of California. Best
equipped stage line In the State. Leaves Calls-
toga dally (Sundays excepted) at 11:UO a. m..
direct to Harbin. Seigler. Adams. Howard. An-
derson. Hobergs, Splera, Astorgs and Glen-
brook: half hour for lunch at Caltstoga; also t<>
Mlddletown Lower Lake. Kelseyvllle and
Lakeport. Livery In connection.
WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
LAKEPORT AXD KARTLKTT SPRINGS
STACK IslSTZ — Hooland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with
trains at HoDland. Leave Hopland at 12-3U;
arrive at Lakeoort at 3:3ft: arrive at Bartlett
Springs at 7:30. New 6- horse 14-paaserjg»r
tourist wagons, with all the most modern im-
provement*. Passengers for Lakeport or Bart-
lett Springs, call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stage LUie. Tickets can be purchased at o(Sc«
of California N. XV. By.. 65O Market st.. or
at Tlburon ferry.
MILLER A HOWARD. Preps.
WHITE STJI.PHTT* SPSZNOS, Vallejo,
Ca). — Most accessible springs to San Francisco;
round trlD $1. no. stage fare; only 2*? hour"'
ride; ft miles from Vallejo: hot. cold aivi
plunge* sulphur baths; wonderful cures of rheu-
matism, neuralarla. eczema, kidnsy. liver and
stomach diseases. Beautiful grounds and lak*
for boating and bathing. Dancing pavilion.
New bowling alley and shuffi* board. Rates
$10 a week. Including baths. Address MAN-
UEL MADRID. Vallejo. CaL
liaonS'S PAXZ, OnezaerUl*.
A resort for your family. Partly furalaaff
cottages, 912 per month and up. Tents aad
platforms. N'«ar Russian River. Board aad
room at $7 B0 par week. S« PECK'S. U
Montgomery st. ' ' -¦
VIOUJrTAIN VJJJW BA2T0X HOTEX.
• "and cottages, in the mountains, sear Sant*
Cruz. First-class table and accom.. gas. baths.
phone dally mall, bowling, croquet, amuse-
ments; ttrnu. $3 up. Campers to Glen wood. inc.
carriage $3 n round trip. FREDERICKSE.V
ft Si;TTON. suc's to F. R. DtTN'X. Santa Cru».
LAT/BEI. QUOTE PABK — Children's
resort during summer vacation; best ot hom«
care; beautiful grounds: climate perfect: fre-ri
mlllc and eggs; open June 1: terms $5 per
week. MRS. G. W. NICHOLS. Dtmond P. O..
Fruit vale.
OCCTDEHTAIi HOTEL, BATVAXS8,
First-class resort: tennis, croquet, bowltns:.
amusement hall, etc. 'Special rates to famlliss.
Terms reasonable. A. GAUDARD. Prop., piions
Black 141. • - ¦ -
BEBWOOO TZXiXJk BESOBT.
Excellent board, home cooking; tent groun-f.
If desired, with board. *5. Room and "board t%
to *10. Best hunting and fishing. MR3. A. L.
ACKERMAN. La Honda. San Mat«« County.
WALL SPBXNQS — »On Guernevilla
branch Cal. N. W. R. It5 Sonoma Co.: phone;
pavilion; bu» meets morning train: hot sulphur
baths; circulars. MRS. C. N. MEREDITH.
Prop.. Healdsburg. R. D. 1.
WILLOW RANCH, delightfully located la
redwoods S miles from Santa Cms. Spring
water fruit, milk, excellent table: dally mall;
fre« conveyance: *7 week: phone Suburban 87.
MBS. W. CRANDELL. Santa Crua. Cal. •
SCHAErEKS OEOVX — S03S7AUST.
Private , boarding; terms reasonable. 1»aoa
meets Sunday morning trains. Address HR».
MATT LINDSAT. Ross Station. .
¦nrnwrmg HOTZL and COTTAGES
—Kear beach: 3O acres beautiful grounds; spe-
cial rates to families; writs for booklet. T.
BARSON. Proprietor. Santa Cru«.
BEI.LEVTJE HOTEL, SI Veraao, So*
coma Ca. Cal Terms. *1 day and up; hot
mineral springs near by. Long distance t«t«.
SkSneTdaUy mall. JOHN SERRES. Proprietor.
DB LA ROZA resort. Ssnta Croa Mountains;
cottage* and tents for light housekMping or
SmpSJ.^*. J- GIBBS. Mgr.. Glbte. C»i.
WHY NOT TRY
hfighlapd
IF YOU ARE GOING TO THE
SpriQgs
IV J OFFER YOU THE BEST OF MINERAL.
" T waters, accommodations and service.
Table unsurpassed. Rooms hard finished, light-
ed by electricity. Buildings newly painted.
All. the popular sports and amusements. Liv-
ery, telephone and postofflce. '¦ • I
Shortest route and cheapest fare to Lake (
County. Most centrally situated. Delightful
excursions on Clear Lake and to other resorts.
Make vour reservations now.
, TERMS— $10 to $17 60 per week. For Book-
let, etc.. call on our agent. H. R. DUFFKf.
COS Market street, or address
CRAIG & KERR,
I ¦ i Highland Springs, Cal.
I Spend Your Vacation
for at
OClii tLUlo
Hot Sulphur
CnfSnrfr § an Luis Obispo,
O|jrings cai.
The most ideal resort for pleasure and
health on the Pacific Coast. Buy round
trip ticket from San Francisco to San
Luis Hot Sulphur Springs. San Luis
Obispo, Cal.. and return, including stage
to and from springs and one week's
board for *2O.O<> to f2U.<H>. according
to location of rooms, or board and accom-
modations WO.OO to JMS.OO per week.
Scenic ' surroundings, free bathing,
boating and fishing on grounds. Fine
shady walks, tennis and croquet grounds,
dance pavilion for guests. Fine sea
beach one mile from Hot Sulphur Springs.
Cottages and furniture are all new. Gas
throughout buildings and grounds. Our
table is well supplied with the best the
markot .affords. Our stage meets trains
arriving at San Luis Obispo at 3:15 p. m.
every day (except Sunday).
This is no hospital or sanatorium.
jpi| 5sir\ Jose
Jjjfg if BgT Situated In Vendome Park
Mauuljf of 12 acreg, a charming
summer resort: both city
j and country advantages:
automobile garage 'on the grounds
free to guests. Bathing pavilion,
howling alleys, tennis, etc. New auto
road map of the county mailed on ¦
application. .- ,
J. T. BROOKS. Manager.
PAEAISO SPRINGS
Monterey County, Ca!.
The most popular sanitary and health
resort in California. Completely renovated
and Improved. No winds or fogs, and sur-
passingly grand mountain and valley scen-
ery. Hot soda and sulphur baths, large
swlmmlns tank and excellent table. Write
for booklet and particulars to F. W.
SCHROEDER, Manager, or PECK"S IN-
FORMATION BUREAU. 11 Montgomery st.
HOTEL ROWARDENNAN
"IN THE MOUNTAINS BT THE SEA."
BEN LOMOND— Santa Cruz County. *>
REGULAR SEASON.
Opened . May 15 under entirely new man-
agement. Round trip trlckets from San Fran-
cisco $3' For booklet apply Peck's Bureau,
11 Montgomery St.. S. F.. or to WILLIAM Q.-
DODGE, Lessee.
Harbin Springs
Most desirable In Lake Co.: contains sulphur,
iron, msgnesia and arsenic; wonderful cures of
rheumatism, catarrh, kidney, liver and stomach
troubles; new gymnasium, bowling alley, hand-
ball court and billiard-room. Acetylene gas
plant livery, home da.ii y, fine vegetable garden.
Rcund trip tickets, S. P. office, $7. J. A.
HAYS. Proprietor. ' ¦
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
neswlck. SIsklynu County, California.
Write to EDSON BROS, for Booklet.
Saratoga Springs.
15 different mineral springs. Information at
Peck's Bureau. 11 Montgomery st., or at J.
MARTENS, Bachelor P. O.. Lake Co., Cal;
,._.Menlo Park, one hour from
HfllTT! P cltv - Nln « tralns da|ly - **«¦-
Hill I I \ lccl climate; beautiful place;
IIUI I. I V comfort and quiet; excellent
• table.
Address W.J.MEREDITH. Mgr.. Holtt'g School.
SOLID COMFORT HOME
Extensively Improved; 1900 feet altitude; no
fog: climate delightful: large orchard; vegetable
garden; hot, cold baths; spring water; cement
swimming tank. 40x80. Rates $S week up; 1 stage
meets train. Schuler & Scheben, Napa. Cal. . j
JOHANNISBERG.
New hotel; modern conveniences; large, airy
dining-room: hunting, fishing, swimming, boat- :
It.g; *1O and $12 per week. THEO. BLANCK-
ENBURO JR.." Prop., Oakville. Napa Co., or
INFORMATION BUREAU. 30 Montgomery at.
DCD ACHP1M Delightfully situated In 1 the
OCKUMlCllll Santa Cruz Redwoods. Rates
$7 and $8 per week. For particulars address G.
F. BIEDKN'WKO, R. D. 121. Santa Crui. Cal.
SPfMSmvBSPK^X" 9 '¦ /
Jc^^ji'IwJto'iI Awning's, Hammocks,
&^»|j»^|ngg7g| W. A. PLUMMEE.
'.,- ,., ¦, ... Tel. Main 5W, 111 Clay st.
Bathing Suits
20i Post StreetTownsend's California Glace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). U9 Cal-
Ifornia *treet_ TelwDheme Main 1*42.' • ¦
The latest freak customer for a sub
marine cable company has developed
In Honolulu. A gentleman called at the
office of the Commercial Pacific Cable
Company there desirfng to send "a
small box" to San Francisco. The re
quest almost put the office force out of
business for; a few moments. The
caller was a white man and appeared
tp be all right.^^He was waited on by
one of the counter boys.
"What are the rates on cabling a
A Box by Cable.
TO ADJOURN CONGRESS— Read
er, City. The power of the President
to adjourn Congress is found in article
ill, section 3 of the constitution, which
reads as follows: "He (the President)
shall from time to time give to dbn
gress information of the state of the
Union and recommend to their con
sideration such measures as he shall
judge necessary and expedient; he
may, on extraordinary occasions, con
vene both houses or either of them,
and. in case of disagreement between
them, with respect to the time of ad
journment, he may. adjourn them to
such time as he shall think proper."
THE Grand Jury, which was discharged on Monday
after five months of continuous work hi the inter
ests of the city, embodied in. its final report some
suggestions and counsel on matters pertaining to muni
cipal affairs that are deserving of marked attention.
Particularly instructive and suggestive of possible appli
cation are the projects, , {herein set forth, which have to
do with the establishment of a salt water supply to be
used as an auxiliary system in case of dangerous fires
and for sewer. flushing and street cleaning at all times!
"The need of . an auxiliary v salt water system for the
city is highly apparent," reads, the report of the Grand
Jury, "and immediate provision should be made for the
installation of this improvement. . The storage/ system'
recommended by the Board of Fire Commissioners, with
a reservoir at Twin Peaks, seems to be the most practical
A - SALT WATER SUPPLY.
INHERITANCE — F. O., Alamedi.
Cal. In the case of a person dying
without having made a will, kindred
of the half blood in. California Inherit
equally with those of the full blood
in the same degree, unless the Inheri
tance came to the Intestate by de
scent,, devise or gift of some of his
ancestors, in which case all those who
are not of the whole blood of such
ancestors must be excluded from such
Inheritance.
Vegetable Caterpillars.
The so-called vegetable caterpillar of
New Zealand is attracting much atten
tion at present, says Nature, of Lon
don. Fungoid parasites are common in
all parts of the world, but not gener
ally conspicuous enough to be noticed
by any but naturalists. Many of the
largest apd most remarkable moths of
'the Australian region are known to be
Infested .by various parasite fungi,
which convert the whole substance of
the caterpillar into a woody substance
and then sprout from it to the height
of several inches. The caterpillars
(which are usually about four inches
long when fully grown) live until they
are ready to asume the pupa state,
when they bury themselves in the
ground, .die,, and the fungus * sprouts
upward,' generally from the neck of
the caterpillar, sometimes acquiring a
length of- nearly a foot, and sprouting
up from the' ground above the cater
pillar. Very rarely two or even three
of these filaments may sprout from a
single caterpillar. The New Zealander's
names for . this plant-caterpillar are
hotete and acuhe. ' The natives eat the
plants, which, ' when fresn, have the
flavor of a out, and also use them,
when /burnt, as coloring matter for
their tattooing, rubbing the- powder
Into the wounds, in which state It has
a strong animal smell. .
Ansivers to Queries.
' TOBACCO— A. G. V. City. The yield
of tobacco In the Unltea States, ac
cording to the latest figures furnished
the Department of Agriculture, was
821.823,363 pounds during the year
1902.
THE great seal of the State of Oregon bears as its
sole legend "The Union." At the , time of the"a"d
, mission of Oregon as a State the bonds of the
Union had^een weakened in partisan controversy and
the paramount allegiance of millions of our countrymen
was unsettled. Oregpn, of her own act, set upon her
seal her great purpose to abide by the Union. Her voice
was uttered by her great Senator Baker and from her
position taken in that time of testing and trial she has
not swerved. Her election is'the first one of the year,
and she records her verdict for .the side represented by
Baker and Williams and stands steadfastly by the Re
publican party and President Roosevelt. " •
, The majority is sfgnificantly large.. Oregon is typical
of the -treat West. Within -her borders are nearly all
the industries that are peculiar to the country between
the -Pacific and the Missouri Valley. Her material inter
ests are common to all that territory, and the genius of
her people is kin to that' of the other twelve States in the
Western group. ".The political preference of her- people
is dictated by motives common to them all, and the re
sult of her election May be taken as an indication of
public sentiment in tnem all. The drift of the country
is Republican. Oregon votes first. Vermont and Maine
come next, and evidence of that drift will be as plain in
the result in the East as it is in the West.
The people see no reason for- a change now. No one
pretends that one party. must rule all the time, but the
people know. what the Republican party stands for. The
Democratic party'does not itself know what it stands
for or what it will do to get power. Even Democrats
who will .support their party again when it gets out. of
the insane asylum and ceases to see spooks and hide
from imaginary pursuers are' this year for Roosevelt and
the sane and vigorous Americanism for which he stands.
The votes of \uch Democrats ' have.. gone to ! swell the
Oregon majority and will be given to the same cause in
every- Northern ; State. .; :-. ... V .'¦ -. . ,-..
OREGON LEADS.
Don't Borrow Trouble.
Don't borrow trouble; It comes of itself.
Or if it does not, all the better for
you.
The care of to-morrow let's lay on the
shelf.
For Worry's an ugly and petulant
shrew.
Don't borrow trouble; the debt must be
paid.
And. ton, but the payment is heartache
*and wreck.
After all, when the cards have been
, shuttled and played.
Four aces, you'll find, were allowed to
your deck.
Don't borrow trouble: the care of to-day
Is easy to meet and easy to rout;
It's only the trouble from over the way
That leaves us the victims of terror
and doubt.
It's as easy to say "To-morrow 'twill
shine,"
As to moaningly mutter, "I'm sure it
will rain' r :
It's as , easy to smile as to weep and re
pine, ,'¦-',.;.. '
And the former, you'll find, is an in
tlnite gain.
Don't borrow trouble. We worry and fret.
Then find In theend that we've wor
ried for naught.
We build mlgbty hills In our pathway
to set. '¦-¦¦
Then find the obstruction was child of
• our thought.
You'll find on reflection that half of your
. care 1
Is a son of to-morrow that merely has
strayed.
The load of to-day Is sufficient to bear;
So don't borrow trouble — the debt
'must be paid.
—Alfred J. Waterhouse in Sunset Mag
azine for June.
to Esopus, in the State of New York,
for the purpose of writing at close
range a character sketch of Judge Al
ton B. Parker, the overeager but silent
candidate for the Presidential nom
ination on the Democratic ticket.
The result of his observation waa
given in a recent number of a Wash
ington publication. In the course of
his narrative the writer makes the re
markable statement that the hair on
the back of Judge Parker's hands has
been "burnished a bright gold" by hav
ing eo long been kissed by the sun dur
ing the Judge's extended rambles over
his extensive farm. •
Another interesting and Important
statement is m3.de to the effect that
while Judge Parker's , hair and mus
tache are red, whether burnished or
not the author does not say, his eyes
are black.
The gamblers In Washington say
that such a combination as this Is sure
to win and Parker's stock has gone up
accordingly In political betting circles.
Among other things the journalist no
ticed was that the Judge's trousers
were much rumpled, a condition of
things which he ascribed to the candi
date's agility and vigorous movements.
with an only son 7 months old, who
enjoys the distinction of being by a
long way the youngest Marquis in
Great Britain. Blessed as she is with
youth and good looks, prophets of May
fair expect that the Marchioness will
make a second match of " great bril
liancy and say it will not again fake
the form of a wedding between May
tnd December.
She was Miss Gertrude Violet Twin-
Ing of Halifax, Nova Scotia, and an
orphan, when, in December, 1902, she
married the Marquis « of Donegal,
whose family motto, it is interesting to
note. Is "Honor follows though un
sought." She was 22 then and he was
verging on fcO. She was reputed to
have a snug little fortune. He was
thort of cash and his Irish estates
were much involved, but he was rich
in title?. In addition to . being the
Marquis of Donegal, he was hereditary
Lord High Admiral of Lough Neagh,
Governor of Carlckfergus Castle, Vls
;ount Chichester and Earl of Belfast,
which made him a lord several times
over. So, despite the disparity of fifty
eight years in their, ages, it was re
garded' as an eminently appropriate
end equable match in aristocratic cir
cles.
It was the Marquis' third matrimo
nial venture. His first wife — a Miss
Oliver, (laughter of Henrjr Holt Oliver
of Western Priory, Somerset— he mar
ried In 1S59. He was then merely Cap
tain Chichester. a fine figure of a man
with a handsome face, but slender
prewpeeta. An unexpected turn in f6r
tuneV uhefcL however, placed him in
possession or the ancient titles and
what remained of the ancient property.
At one time it embraced a large por
tion of the county of Donegal and al
most the" entire site of the prosperous
city of Belfast, but the early Chiches
t«*rs were great >pendthrffts and made
sad inroads on their once large posses
sions. The first* marriage of the Mar
quis did not turnout well. There were
Kome queer circumstances connected
with It — what they were were never
fully disclosed — but they sufficed to
procure an annulment of the marriage
four years after It had taken place,
and the first Marchioness waa set
adrift. Old and feeble, friendless and
destitute, she turned -up some thirty
five years later at a London workhouse
and ate her Christmas dinner there.
Bhe vanished again soon afterward and
Is supposed to have found rest and ob
livion in a pauper's grave somewhere.
The Marquis married his second wife
in 1S65. She died in 1901, childless,
tearing. the Marquis' only ' brother.
Lord Henry FrtzWarrine, heir to the
titles and property. Nobody Imagined
when th« > aged Marquis married the
third time that the succession in the
THB MABCHIONEKS OK DONEGAL, A CANADIAN GIRL, OF 24, WHO MAR
niED A NOBLEMAN OF SO AND I S NOW LEFT A WIDOW WITH HIGH
TITLE AND ESTATES.
Soldiers' Banker.
Tour Uncle Samuel la becoming
quite a banker for the American sol
diers. For the year ended June 30,
1903, there was deposited by soldiers
$1,883,014. and it is understood that
the amount for the fiscal year which
will end the last of this month will
be much larger. The enlisted men of
the United States are allowed to leave
their money in the hands of paymas
ters, taking a certificate for It, and the
Government pays the men Interest at
the rate of 4 per cent a year.
Many soldiers largely increase their
earnings by leaving their money on
.deposit as long as possible, and it
Is really a very good savings bank for
th»m. The year before the Spanish
war the amount deposited was less
than one-third of that deposited in
1903. The enlisted strength of the
army has been increased since then,
and is now about doub'le what it was
before the Spanish war, but the
amount left on deposit is three times
as great as It was when the army was
smaller. Possibly service in the Orient
and the establishment of large post.*
have been conducive to saving on the
part of troops. At all events, officers
of the. War Department look upon the
increase as being an indication of
thriftiness upon the part of the Amer
ican soldiers. On several occasions at
tempts have been made in Congress to
allow officers of the army the same
privilege of leaving their money on
deposit, but such a bill has been de
feated every time. — Washington Post.
MAKK TWAIN PROCEEDED TO
FAN THE COP WITH THE CAB
BAGE Leaf.
stepped Into the California Market and.
going up to a vegetable stall, he pluck
ed a large leaf from a head of cabbage.
When he arrived at the place where
the big. fat policeman was fast asleep
the humorist proceeded to fan him
with the cabbage loaf. This amusing
scene soon attracted a crowd, which
Inside of ten minutes had swelled into
hundreds and California street was
blocked to traffic.
To add to the excitement, some one
had run to the old City Hall and In
formed Captain Douglass that there
had been a robbery at Wells, Fargo &
Co.'s, as the place was surrounded by
armed men. Douglass summoned every
available cop on "his force, which at the
time counted less than a dozen, and
rushed to the place designated. After
brushing the crowd to one side, he en
tered the gateway and there found
.Clemens whirling the cabbage leaf as
though nothing unusual had occurred
about him'. To say that Captain Doug
lass was mortified would be but a mild
expression. The drowsy cop lost , his
star and Clemens enjoyed the joke.
OFFICIAL criticism of the manner in which
dairies have been conducted in San Mateo, San
Francisco and Marin counties has awakened
the men who supply milk to this city to the necessity
for the exercise of a greater degree of cleanliness and
more care in their work. No sane head of a family
would buy impure milk, for by it the lives of himself and
of those who* are his natural care would be endangered.
At the best, if milk that is open to suspicion is used,
there is realization that health. is imperiled unnecessarily
and that a good article is not given in return for good
money.
Little children suffer most, for milk is a great part
of their food. When suspicion concerning the supply is
entertained less milk is consumed and less
is purchased.- The dairyman has therefore an interest
in having the public believe that he is dealing fairly.
The opposite opinion, generally held, is^ certain to in
terfere with dairy income.
There is full appreciation of what popular disfavor
means from the purely .business point of view. The
Marin County Tocsin makes some suggestions for the
benefit* of Marin County dairymen that are applicable
to the methods of all parties concerned as milk pro
ducers rind milk handlers.
The Tocsin combats every statement that matters are
not, on the whole, satisfactory among the dairies. of
Marin, but comes to the conclusion that it is wiser,
admitting that there are some cases for which no excuse
is possible, to have abuses attended to at home. Follow
ing this up, it is recommended that the Marin County
Board of. Supervisors adopt an ordinance regulating not
only the conduct of dairies engaged in the production
and shipping of milk for. the market, but of all others.
A certain standard of cleanliness, including a proper
supply of pure water for the stock, ought to be main
tained by ordinance. - To accomplish this a system of
inspection by some competent person is necessary.
The advantage of having it known, of all the counties
from which milk dromes into San Francisco as an article
of diet, that> proper precautions are enforced locally to
restrict marketing to the product that is fit to be con
sumed, is evident.
The Tocsin says it would be satisfactory to have it
understood that those parties who have brought re
proach upon the dairy industry must reform or go out
of business. The Board of Health of San Francisco
must maintain its^ interest in what is goii?g on relating
to the food supply originating in surrounding counties.
It is the duty of the members of this board to know
all that can- be learned concerning such supply. Vigil
ance ought never to be relaxed. The local authorities
in the neighboring counties have also a duty to perform.
The, sooner responsibility in the premises is understood
and the best possible methods are applied by all duly
qualified persons, the better it will be.
Still Ugly.
She Is a Woman's College sophomore
and was returning from a visit to New
Haven and transferring by street car
from the station in New York. She took
the only available seat in the car and
Juat opposite two young men. Sudden
ly there entered a ladylike, plainly
gowned girL "Why don't you offer her
your placer* said the first man, nudg
ing his companion. "She Is too ugly,"
responded the other In a low voice, but
the wind carried his remark to the
sophomore and she looked quickly to
see if it had reached the other girl.
Apparently It had not. That young
person was clinging to a strap In total
unconsciousness that she was a sub
ject for unfavorable criticism.
At the next corner a festive maiden,
elaborately costumed, entered, and the
first man bounded from his seat, which
the new-comer graciously accepted.
This ,lef t the second man at something;
of a disadvantage. He arose* also and
proffered his place to the girl who had
first entered the car. She surveyed*
him coldly.
"Thank you, no." she said In a clear
voice. "I am still Just as ugly aa I was
a few minutes ago." And the Baltimore
girl longed to embrace her and give
the college yell at the top of her youth
ful lungs.— Baltimore Sun.
REFORMING THE DAIRIES.
Parker's Hands.
An impressionable young magazine
writer recently made a trip all the way
small box to San Francisco?" he
asked.
"What?"
"I have a box I want to send." th«
visitor began again. There was a
snicker from the table In front, where
another . patron was writing a mes
sage. . The counter boy disappeared
Into the rear of the office, wearing a
broad grin. He wanted instructions.
The man with the box stood waiting
for an answer to hi» question. He
proposed to get the box to' San wran
cisco without delay and was game for
any reasonable price.
The boy returned with several rub
bernecks behind him. all anxious for a
glimpse of the extraordinary customer.
"We don't handle boxes, only mes
sages," was the disappointing reply,
and the stranger left, convinced that
the company was a most unenterpris
ing concern.
London s Likely Widoiv.
Fpecia.1 Correspondence
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL.
5 HENRIETTA STREET. COVENT
GARDEN, LONDON. May 26.— Society
hpre feels assured that it will not be
*& very long before the young and
beautiful trans-Atlantic Marchioness
of Donegal furnishes an interesting
sequel to the striking romance of her
late husband, who died the other day
in his eighty-second year, leaving her
Mark Twain's Joke.
Before Mark Twain made his name
famous in his first production of "The
Innocents Abroad" he was attached to
the staff of the old Alta California. It
¦was while thera that he perpetrated
one of his jokes, which at that time
had no more' significance than that of
an ordinary wag who enjoyed a little
fun at another's expense. But since
Mark has made his name known to the
reading world the joke will bear-re
peating.
It was one of those hot summer flays
that occasionally visit San Francisco
that Mr. Woodward, one of the propri
etors of the Alta, stepped into the ed
itorial room and there found Clemens
drawing on the end of a brier root pipe.
Woodward mopped his brow and when
he cooled down he began to deliver^
himself forcibly.
."I'm disgusted." said Woodward, "at
what I Ju/t saw on the street as I
passed by the carriage way leading
Into Wells, Fargo & Co.'s yard down at
California and Montgomery. Sitting
on a chicken coop, either drunk or
knocked out by the heat of the sun, is
a police offlcejyTast asleep."
"Let us take a look at the animal,"
said Clemens, getting up from his
desk and walking out. ' •
On his way down to the corner he
*-[-» HERE is much pessimistic talk about corporations
I in this country and their influence in legislation.
A It is all used as water on the wheels of the advo
cates o\f public ownership and operation of public utili
ties. It has been so often said that if the Government
does not assume ownership of the property of corpora
tions the corporations will own the Government that
shallow thinkers have come to assume it to be true.
It is time to call for a bill of particulars. What great
acts of legislation, Federal or State, have the corpora
tions secured that have been of permanent injury to the
people? The beginning of the kind of legislation com
plained of was the Credit Mobilier act of Congress. In
the original Pacific Railroad bill the (j Government re
tained a first mortgage lien upon the bonds which it
issued for the construction of the roads. The Credit Mo-
bilier secured legislation to convert that first lien into a
second mortgage, freeing the credit of the roads so that
they borrowed private 'capital secured by a Hen senior
to that of the Government.
When the roads were finished and the country was
getting the benefit of them this matter became a politi
cal issue. It drove. Oakes Ames, James Brook* and
Colfax out of public life. It entered into two Presiden
tial campaigns. It was threshed out on the stump and
in the press. But in the end the United States got back
every dollar of its loan with good interest. The second
mortgage bonds of the United States to the Central pa
cific road amounted to $25,000,000. To get the money
for construction that issue was sold by the corporation
for $18,000,000. But the Government was finally paid
$67,000,000 for its issue of $25,000,000, and the corpora
tion paid back $49,000,000 more than it got for the
bonds.
Did the people suffer any loss in that transaction?
The corporation lost heavily. Had it borrowed $18,000,
oco of private capital at the high rate of interest which it
paid the Government in 1863-4 it could have refunded
the debt at a much reduced rate. But it had to stand
the loss of $7,000,000 discount on the bonds and pay high
interest on $25,000,000. It was a losing investment for
the corporation but a good one for the treasury of the
United States. So it came about that in the first trans
action which politicians said proved that a corporation
owned the Government the Government made money
and the corporation lost.
Since then there has been no law of Congress that can
be' honestly said to have put the Government in the
power of corporations or worked to the disadvantage of
the people. On the other hand we have the interstate
commerce law, which is the broadest assertion of the
command of transportation corporations by the Govern
ment; and the Sherman anti-trust law, which extends
the same principle to all manufactures and commerce.
The courts have responded clearly and closely to the
spirit of such legislation, and we have the highest ju
dicial decisions in every case brought by direction of
President Roosevelt up to'.that which dissolves the rail
road merger. • " - . •• . _• . .
So, as far as the Federal. Government is concerned,
there is a total lack of evidence that the corporations
control it. The pessimists and advocates of public
ownership are therefore driven back upon State legis
lation for proof of their jeremiads. Where is it?
Take our own State, for example. The great ques
tion that for years kept our politics in a stew was the
issue of taxation of the railroads. The Federal decision
in the San Mateo.case vitiated the assessment of rail
road property. Every clear-headed layman, to say
nothing of lawyers, knew the assessment was legally
void. The railroad did just as individuals'do when sub
ject to illegal assessment. It fought payment in the
courts and won. Then of its own motion it asked the
Legislature to give the necessary authority for a .retro
active assessment and openly introduced its own bill for
that purpose. Immediately this was denounced as a
railroad measure and a bill representing the anti-corpo
ration party was substituted for it and passed. When
the assessment was made under it the discovery resulted
that the road would have paid a much larger sum in
taxes under its own bill than it did under the anti-rail
road substitute. So that incident closed. But while it
was a vital issue it was put in evidence to prove that
the corporation owned the State. The fact is that our
Legislatures have shown more vigor than wisdom in
demonstrating their virtue and independence of corpo
rate control..
•> No- one questions that corporations have to resist mere
cinch bills and use what in England was called a Parlia
mentary fund in doing it. Under the English system,
however, has arisen a method superior to any so far
reached here. The great financiers, railroad builders
and owners and other representatives of corporations
are members of Parliament. If they want legislation
they must ask for it. frame it and give reasons for it. It
will be seen that this secures the greatest publicity for
such legislation, and its purpose. Here our methods "of
party management practically outlaw the presidents of
corporations from public. life. The only instance which
we recall in which one has been sent to Congress- was
the election of Governor Stanford to the Senate while
he was president 'of the Southern, Pacific.
It is quite worth while to give some study to the sug
gestion that this decree of outlawry be rescinded, and
that men at the head of great interests be permitted to
appear as legislators. It might take all the strain out
of the relation of corporations to the public. If Gould,
Harriman, Ripley or Rockefeller had to stand. up in the
House .or Senate and give reasons for or against legis
lation they would be brought face to face with the
people, instead of being suspected of. staying in the back
ground and inspiring a covert advocacy or opposition in
regard to proposed legislation.
direct line would be retained and many
were the congratulations he. and the
Marchioness received when a son was
born to them. The history of the peer
age in recent years furnishes only one
parallel case. The late Viscount Bol
ingbroke had no heir until he was 76
years of age. He married when he was
73 years old a daughter of Mr. Robert
Howard." and the . present Viscount,
who is now 8 years of age, was born
three years later.
In other respects his marriage to the
Canadian girl was a fortunate one for
the old Marquis. Besides other things
that be Jacked, she has a -head for
business and took the management of
his property into her own hands. He
was on the point of selling the bulk of
it to his tenants, through the agency
of the Irish Land Court, but she fixed
up the troubles over the rent with the
result that the property has been re
tained along with the ancient family
residence, Chichester jCastle. It is un
derstood that when the conventional
period of mourning expires the young
Marchioness will take 'a town house
and enter society, in which, with her
youth, vivacity, ambition good
looks, she is likely to make something
of a stir.
CORPORATIONS AND THE PUBLIC.
plan, as it would afford a high pressure to all parts of the
city." Continuing, the report declares that "the saltwater
could be used for domestic purposes and for otHeT muni
cipal uses, such as flushing sewers, etc. It would render
our city safe from such calamities as have befallen Chi
cago, Boston and Baltimore."
This confirmation of the eminently practical scheme of
the Board of Fire Commissioners should give weight to
the consideration of the project and lead the Supervi
sors to make investigations as to the practicability of its
details. Although instances are few in the records of the
Fire Department, of late years at least, where a lack of
an adequate water supply stultified the efforts of the fire
fighters, we cannot err too far on the side of safety in the
matter of such emergencies. To be foref ended against
possible disaster-'in this matter is to enjoy by just that
degree freedom from constant, uneasiness.
San Francisco is a city of wood. Probably there is
not another one of the large cities of the country so
generally constructed of wood as our- own. Balti
more, whose main streets of steel-framed buildings were
gutted by the great fire of February, would have seemed
not half so ready a victim for the flames as our own city,
built on the hills and wind swept every day in the year.
Now, after disaster has] visited Baltimore, plans are being
made there for the utilization of salt water after the same
manner as that recommended by the Board of Fire Com
missioners and seconded by the. Grand Jury here. We
of San Francisco, seemingly immune as we may be with
our excellent fire department and its* very efficient equip
ment, cannot tell the day nor the hour when a Balti
more or a Rochester disaster will strike on the city by
the Golden Gate. The establishment of an auxiliary salt
water reserve supply would be a very valuable means of
prevention. " . '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; THURSDAY, JUNE 9, 1904.
THE • SAN FRAN CISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor «,,. ..,.,.? Address All Commttnlcations to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office ................ .-...........". . . ............ .Third and Market Streets. S. F.
THURSDAY ., .....JUNE 9, 1904
8
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESDIES FROM HER BURNS.— Mrs. Pauline
Bratovlch of 1300 Powell street died lact night
a: the Pacific Hospital from burns received on
June 1 by the overturning of a lamp. She
vat 32 rears of ace.
Isabella Wass. otherwise known as Isabella
fctrsxhm, a dressmaker, yesterday established
her claim as the common law wife of Dyson
t>. Wui, an electrical contractor, deceased,
and by Judge Muracky she was appointed ex
ecutrix of U'ui' estate, which is valued at
}135.OO0. Her bond waa fixed ax $250,000.
Mrs. U'ati' application was opposed by the
Public Administrator and by l>. C. de Golla.
who was appointed by the court as guardian
of Fredarick William Wass. an incompetent
brother of the deceased, wh"Qse whereabouts
is- unknown.
Mrs. Isabella Wass Establishes Her
Claim in Court to $135,000
Estate.
COMMON LAW WIDOW
IS NOW ADMINISTRATRIX
MIse Helen Moore, speaking of the kinder
garten eystem. said that in Loa Angeles $60,
<•»> Is annually expended on that department
and Mr. Ore?nsfeMer said that San Francisco 1*
unable to expend the email sum cf 3SC00 to
prove the merit of the *yMem which 300 other
c;tie* in the United States have adopted.
¦•Resolved. That the Board of Supervisors
be petitioned that a charter amendment be
•ubrcltted to a vote of the people providing
for a fixed tax of 12 cents annually for the
support of the public schools, the same mm Is
now done for the parks and for the Public
LtbrarTi by providing a special tax annually
•o that the yearly increasing demands can be
met for repairs. Improvements, sanitary condi
tion* and kindergarten «ystem."
At a meeting cf the Civic Council held In
room 39, Columbian building, last night. Naph
B. Grtensfelder in the chair, the growing pub
lic school requirements were discussed.
After a discussion In which Philip Prior,
principal of the Burnett Grammar School; C
If. Thorpe, teacher of manual -training; T. H.
McCarthy, principal of Washington Grammar
School, and the chairman took part, the follow
.: r resolution was adopted:
Chic Council Recommends That
Charter Amendment Be Submit
ted to Vote of the People.
PROPOSES A TWELVE-CENT
TAX FOR PUBLIC SCHOOLS
South San Francisco has been over
run with fires the past few days. If
more gras ranges were used there less
cause would be had. Buy one from San
Francisco Gas and Electric Co. • •
Election Commissioners.
At a meeting of the Election Commission
last night June 28 was set aside as the day
for the selection of voting machines, for which
$28,000 has b~en apportioned In the budget
The list of registration officers and the loca
tion of registration places as submitted by
the registrar were adopted. Final determina
tion whether Justices of the Peace shall be
voted for at the next general election was^post
poned for one week, when a decision will be
given.
Gala Night at Carnival.
A record breaking crowd attended th» For
esters of America Carnival and Street Fair
last night and the various amusement enter
prise* did a phenomenal business. This af
ternoon th« members of the Police And Flr»
departments will be the ' guests of the man
agement. Great preparations are being mada
tor school children's day on Saturday and the
Mystic Shrlners on the evening of the qame
day. The League of the Cross Cadets and the
National Guard will attend' the fair In a body
to-night and the fun should be faat and fu
rious.
Stage Service to Big Basin.
Stages run dally between Boulder Creek and
Big Basin Park, connecting with the Southern
Pacific Coast Line. Leave Boulder Creek 1:15
p. m., arriving at the park 3:15 p. m.; leave
the park 9 a. m.. arriving at Boulder Creek 11
a. m. Stage fare, round trip. $2; free bag
gage allow-ed, 40 pounds. Round trip tickets
from San Francisco to the park sold for IS in
San Francisco, Oakland and Alameda. -•
Sierra Clnb Tickets on Sale,
The Santa Fe has begun the sale of
Yosemite tickets for the Sierra Club out
ing, to leave June IS. 25 and July 1. AsTc
at 641 Market street. •
PRICE OF SON'S LIFE.— Onento TognottI
and his wife Maria yesterday filed suit for
damages. In the amount of $35,800 against A.
PaJiadlnl. owner of the steam fishing tug
Henrietta, upon which their son. Prollndo
TognottI, a fish cleaner, n-as scalded to death
on May 1 by the blowing out of a blank
boiler tube.
STABLEMAN IS A8SAU1.TBD.— John Car
roll a non-union stableman, waa brutally as
saulted shortly after 8 o'clock last night at
the corner of East and Washington streets.
Cerroll had Just left a stable at 7 Washington
street to go to supper when four men came
up behind him. knocked htm doiyt) and
brutally assaulted him. Carroll notified the
harbor police, but no trace of the thugs waa
found.
¦ _^__ «
P, Marsicano, capitalist, was ar
rested yesterday by Policeman George
Collins on a warrant from Police
Judge Cabaniss' court charging him
with violating an ordinance passed In
April last making it a misdemeanor to
lease premises for Immoral purposes.
It is alleged that Marsicano Is the
owner of the premises at 1129 v Du
pont street. He was arrested about
three weeks ago, charged with being
the owner of the premises, but as
ownership could not be proved be
yond March of last year the case was
dismissed. Now he Is charged with
being the owner, agrent or lessee. He
was released on $500 bonds. •
Marsicano Again Arrested.
The Board of Health will hold a special
meeting to-day to appoint » successor to War
den Elbert of the City and County Hospital.
Elbert has been asked for his resignation by
President Ward of the board, but up to late
last night had not compiled. He has also
been directed to turn hie keys over to Assistant
Warden McQualde. Regarding the charges
that he has clashed with bis subordinates El
bert says that he has not been accorded v a
hearing and that he will not resign. In that
event, it *s said, he will be summarily removed
by the board. His successor has been practi
cally decided, upon, but no announcement has
been made as to his Identity.
nealth Board Asks Elbert for Resig
nation and Will Remove Mm If
He Does 'Not Comply.
lfvy an attachment for t*00 on the furniture
of W. H. BSttner, who has been conducting
-.he Gercnania Investment Company, with of
fice* at 927 Market Ftre*t, since December last,
they found that BIttner had disappeared. A
deputy was &J»o *ent to attach the household
furniture at Bittner's residence, C3 Douglass
f ;r«>t. Blttner'a w if e #nd little jrlri have lelt
their borne.
It was known pome weeks aco that Bittner
«u in difficulties as one of hi* clients.
J L Duprey. had collected $200 from him
..•M his attaching the property developed the
fact that Dinner had fled. :> * .
Bittcw claimed to be a colonel on the stall
rf th*- Governor of Illinc!* and a former As
semblyman In New York City. Ju5t prior to
h * disappearance he seemed to be in posscs
rion of u. large amount of money, which. It is
said, he spent very freely on wine and auto
mobile trips. There Is scarcely a clew to hla
whereabout*, but one of the employe* In the
building claimed to have teen him examining
a Mexican eieamship folder. An acquaintance
declared Bittner had said that he was coins
to Mexico soon. Mr. Dtiprer will swear out
a warrant for Burner's arrest to-day.
W. H. BIttner, Who Organized the
G<*rmania Investment Company,
Is Wanted by Sheriff.
When th* FheriJTs deputies attempted to
Wllili APPOINT NEW WARDEN
.OF THE CTTY~ HOSPITAIj
ATTACHMENT I-KVIED
O.V INVESTMENT 3IAN"
Brzezlnski's daughters assist him In
the saloon and leave at midnight to
go to their hom,e. Brzezinski has a
bedroom in the rear of the saloon,
which he occasionally uses. After his
daughters had-, taken their departure
at midnight Tuesday Raynie went to
his room about 3 o'clock. In a few
minutes she screamed and the door
leading from the basement Into Brze
zinski's room was forced open, ¦ al
though doubly bolted, and two men
sprang upon him.
One of them seized him by the neck
and choked him, while the other went
through his pockets, taking $360. He
tried to struggle with them, but was
thrown to the floor. The two men and
the girl then made their escape. The
screaming is supposed to have been
the signal for the men to appear.
As soon as Brzezinski recovered he
shouted for the police. His cries were
heard by Policeman Attridge and Spe
cial Officer Gillen, who saw twp men
standing in the doorway of a house
opposite the saloon. They. could not
give a satisfactory explanation of what
they were doing there and when taken
before Brzezinski he identified them
as the two men who had robbed him.
They were Jerrett and Duzske. The
two men were taken to the City Prison
and locked up In "the tanks."
Detectives Dinan and Wren arrested
Raynie In Joseph May's room on Pa
cific street. May was also placed un
der arrest. They all professed to
know nothing of the robbery. A care
ful search was made for the stolen
coin, but no trace of It could be found,
j Brzezinski had another look at Jer
rett and Duzske in the prison yester
day afternoon and again positively
Identified them- as the robbers. He
said Jerrett had seized him by the
neck, where he showed the marks of
finger nails. He saw the girl talking
to two men before she came Into his
room. ' ,
Joseph Brzezinski, " proprietor of a
temperance saloon at 402 Pa
cific 'street, took a sudden fancy
to Raynie Langford early yesterday
morning and as a result he is mourn
ing the loss of $360 and Raynie, Jo
seph May, a bartender, William Jer
rett, a porter, and John Diizske, a sail
or, are under arrest pending develop
ments.
Raynie Langf qrd Calls On
Him and Is Present When
the Crime Is Committed
The supreme president was also em
powered to appoint a member of the
order whose duty it shall be to super
vise the laws and examine the by
laws of all the lodges to see that they
are In conformity with the constitu
tion and the general laws of the or
ganization.
In the evening there was an exem
plification of the initiatory work and
the installation of the new officers,
after which the supreme body ad
journed for one year.
It was decided that hereafter the
supreme president shall select a team
from the lodges for the purpose of
exemplifying the work of the order
before the supreme body immediately
before the installation of the new of
ficers.
The recommendations of Supreme
President Lillie A. Dygert that the of
ficers of the several lodges memorize
the initiatory work of the order; that
the floor work be presented in a uni
form manner, and that a fine be im
posed on members of the executive
board who fail to attend meetings or
go on official visits, except excused for
absence from the city or illness, were
adopted.
A proposition to prevent the use of
wines or liquors at any lodge meeting
or entertainment or function given in
tl*e name of the order was defeated.
A proposition to appoint a supreme
district deputy for all the lodges of
the order was defeated on the ground
that the lodges prefer a deputy for
each lodge.
At the afternoon session the action
of the previous day, which was to the
effect that none but a past president
of a subordinate lodge selected as a
delegate to the supreme body should
be eligible to the office of supreme
president, was rescinded and as in the
past any delegate will be eligible to the
office.
Mrs. E. A. Jeffreys, president; Mrs.
A. Hale, vice president; Mrs. Cora
Buckley, chaplain; Mrs. Lena Schol
ten. secretary (re-elected);' Hattie
Pries, marshal; Frances Barnett, war
den; Mrs. A. W. Lewis, guard; Clara
Noble, sentinel; Clara Muenz, organ
ist; Mrs. Asman, E. E. Shaw and
Ellen Mosbey, trustees; Friends Hal
pin. McPhun and Bacon, auditors.
At The morning session of the Su
preme Lodge of the Friends pf the
Forest In Mission Opera Hall yester
day the time was taken up exclusively
in the election of officers for the new
term. ¦ The following named were
chosen:
Some Recommendations of
Supreme President Are
Favorably Acted Upon
ATTACKED IN HIS E00M
O. Alison was accused before, Judge
Cabaniss yesterday of stealing the
American flag and selling l£. The
charge was reduced from treason to
petty larceny. Wrapped up in the flag
were f carpenter's square and plane,
all of j which he was accused of taking
unlawfully from the schooner Alice
Klmball. now anchored at Alameda
Point. Charles S. Martin, owner pf the
schooner, was "the complaining wit
ness. Alison claimed that the property
was his, having been purchased by him
when he was captain of the Alice Klm
ball two years ago. Evidence was
lacking to controvert this claim and
the defendant was^ discharged. The
prosecution said that a new complaint
The People's Laundry, located on Ed
dy street, near Fillmore, washed some
of Its dirty linen in Judge Mogan's
court yesterday. Joseph Toomey com
plained that Charles Elchelberger, one
of the proprietors, had battered him
painfully and without cause. Toomey
had at one time been employed as a
driver by the laundry, but had been 1
discharged.
At the time of the alleged, assault
he was passing airy persiflage with one
of the blanchisseures— In the People's
Laundry they call them washerwomen
which was contrary to the rules of
the Institution. More In Borrow than
In anger, Eichelberger grabbe'd Too
mey by the neck and the south end
of his trousers and cast him forth. He
found a resting place In an ash barrel
at the foot of twenty-three stairs and
then he sought Justice.
Eichelberger'a strenuous action dis
pleased the rest of the employes and
they went on a strike." In addition,
Toomey swore out a warrant for bat
tery against Eichelberger and all the
employes' of the laundry were on hand
to testify to the occurrence. When the
prosecution had concluded. Judge Mo
gan continued ' the case until to-day,
when the defense will Introduce testi
mony to show that the propelling of
Toomey was justifiable. .; ••„
He was in Judge Fritz's court yes
terday on a charge of petty larceny.
Two basketsful of fire plugs were in
troduced as evidence. These he had
disposed of to a junk dealer for six
cents a pound. Among the plunder
were four plugs, stolen from the new
fire house In course of construction In
the Mission. The defense secured a
continuance until to-day in order to
secure some further witnesses.
Fred Pierce is an elderly and enter
taining thief. He had a penchant for
collecting brass plugs from standpipes
that afford a water supply to high
buildings for use in case of flre. Not
being of a selfish disposition, he dis
tributes his collection when it has at
tained a volume sufficient to bring him
a few dollars.
Richard Price lapped up! entirely too
much booze for one man on Tuesday
night and his predatory instincts were
aroused. His quest was in search of
big game. First he "hefted" the dwell
ing of J. J. McCarthy, at 210 Morton
avenue, but was finally obliged to ad
mit that he was unable to lift the
house from its foundations and carry
it away. He then turned his attention
to a gas rAeter In the residence, weigh
ing 200 pounds. He managed to shoul
der this and was staggering away with
It when he was detected. To Judge
Fritz yesterday he explained that he
was terribly "soused" and did not know
what he was doing. He was banished
for thirty days to the County Jail as a
memory cure.
"I'll have to find you guilty of bat
tery, Mr. Brennan." said the Judge and
you will appear for sentence to-mor
row.
had a little argument in an Easi-street
saloon on Tuesday night regarding the
v.henceness of the why, and if s.o,
wherefore? When the interested spec
tators dug them- out of the sawdust
Sarsfield's face was swelling like a
dead horse In the sun. Brennan was
taken to Jail and yesterday morning
O'Brien appeared against him as com
plaining witness on a charge of bat
tery. In order to get O'Brien's face
into Judge Mogan's courtroom It was
necessary to open both doci-s.
"You are accused of walloping this
complainant — wallop is the correct
term, I believe?" said Judge Mogan,
turning to O'Brien.
"Ye're right. Jedg«," said the com
plainant. "Wallop is the word. . I'm
willing to swear to that. I was among
those present." Then he reached out
as far as he could and fondled his ex
huberent countenance.
"We Just got in a little mix, Yanner,"
said Brennan, "and I stood on his face
for a few minutes. That was all dere
was to It."
fused to^swear to a complaint against
her and sbe was discharged.
Immediately afterward George D.
Collins, attorney for Jean Pon, the os
tensible lessee of the premises, applied
for warrants for the arrest of Hutton
and the two policemen who made the
arrest under his direction. The charge
against them was false imprisonment.
Judge Cabaniss postponed the matter
until to-day in order to consult his as
sociate Police Judges. Police Judges
Cabaniss, Mogan and Fritz will sit en
bane and determine whether or not the
warrants shall be issued.
Superior Judge Cook Is out of the
city, but on his return an application
will be made to cite Hutton and the
two arresting officers for contempt, on
the ground that they have violated the
injunction.
• * •
Patrick Brennan «nd Sarsfisld O'Brien
Before Judge Cabaniss yesterday
Mary Duren, one of the inmates, was
charged with vagrancy. She had been
arrested as she was coming from the
premises by Policemen Barry and.Fen
nell, who were detailed for that par
ticular purpose by Police Commissioner
Hutton. Both of the policemen re-
Once again Police Commissioner
Harry. Hutton, "Special Chief of Po
lice" for the vicinity of 1129 Dupont
street, must answer for having directed
two policemen to violate the Injunction
issued by Superior Judge Cook against
interfering with the premises in ques
tion or any of its inmates.
William TakowskI is not a plumber,
but he said he was. He contracted to
"plumb" the house of James O'Rourke
on Howard street and the Job was a
bad one. Not only did his work have
boulders in it, but he used a lot of
second-hand stuff that was full of blow
holes. He was arrested for practicing
the eminent and lucrative profession
of plumbing without a license. Judge
Mogan heard the testimony and took
the case under advisement.
Yakowski will be remembered as the
Russian who first put the police on the
trail of the real murderers of the Web
ber family In Sacramento in the year
1895. They were Russian refugees from
Saghalien and on YakOwskl's testi
mony one of them, KoveleVby name,
was hanged. \
"Dr." W. J. Sylvester, a patent heal
er, who is tinged to the color of an old
saddle, was convicted yesterday in
Judge Mogan's court of practicing
medicine without a license. He de
manded a Jury trial and he got it—
somewhere about the carotid artery.
He will be sentenced on Saturday.
• • • •
"Kid" Nash, who promised a few
days since to go to Chicago if, he were
granted his freedom on a couple of
misdemeanor charge's, did not keep his
word. He started all right but drop
ped off the train at its first stop and
returned to the city. He was before
Judge Mogan yesterday on a charge
of burglary at the Hotel Rex on Turk
street. If the police manage to make
a case against Nash what he will get
will be plenty for three men.
Mrs. Carroll, trembling with age and
excitement, promised to be good in the
future and to find new lodgings'within
a reasonable time. "With this under
standing she was dismissed.
"Stop! stop!" he commanded; "I am
old and hardened and might bear such
language, but there are a number of
young and tender reporters here whose
thin-gilt souls might t»e hopelessly
stained to hear more of this kind at
thing."
Mrs. Brown repeated some choice ex
cerpts from the conversation pf Mrs.
Carroll and as she proceeded the Judge
buried his face in his hands and shud
dered.
Mrs. Annie Carroll !s seventy years
of age and pays her rent promptly, but
she has a ffow of language that would
peel the hide from a, fourteen-year-old
mule. She is the tenant of Mrs. Mary
Brown at No. 2 Shipley street and her
landlady had her arrested because of
her vigorous language.
"In order that I may arrive at an
understanding of the case," said Judge
Cabaniss to Mrs. , Brown, "you must
Indicate the nature of the language
this old lady used to you and your
tenants."
would be prepared against Alison for
obtaining money by false pretenses.
NEW OFFICERS CHOSEX
•Joseph Brzezinski, Saloon-
Keeper, Pacific Street, Is
Victim of Bold Thugs
Friends of the Forest De
cide Upon Changes for the
Government of the Order
Attorney Collins Makes Application for War
rant Against Him for Imprisoning Woman.
Brennan ancH O'Brien Differ arid Mix
SUPREME BODY
ENACTS LAWS
ROBBERS MAKE
GIRL A DECOY
COMMISSIONER HUTTON
IS AGAIN IN TROUBLE
,¦.,.•..•¦ ¦ .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 9, 1904.
9
ADVEBTISEMESTTS.
STATEMENT
OF .THE
CONDITION AND AF2*AIBS-
* OF THE
NORWICH UNION FIRE
INSURANCE SOCIETY
f\T NORWICH. ENGLAND. ON THB WST
of December. A. D. 1903. and for th»
year ending on that day. as made to th* In
suranc* Commissioner of the State of California.
pursuant to the provisions of sections 610 and
811 of the Political Code. cond:nsed aa 9t
blank furnished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Ci»H 1860.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company... $371,837 10
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 40,000 0*
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company... S. 051. 057 23
Cash In Company's Office 30000
Cash la Bank* , 1,273.143 &i
Interest due and accrued on all -
Stocks and Loans 60,853 Oil
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 130 00
Premiums la du« Course of Col-
lection 8*9.9903*
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Flre and Marine Risks 83,088 U
Total Asset* ............. .....K.OW.SW »
LIABILITIES.
Lotsee adjusted aad unpaid "Ij
Losses In process of Adjust-
ment or In Suspense $440,341 U
1 Losses* resisted, including ex-
penses • ,
Gross premiums on Fir* Risks ¦
1 running on* year or less,
$ i ; reinsurance 00 per
cent 342MMi3
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running 1 mor* than on* year.
$ ; reinsurance' pro rata. J #
Cach dividend to Stockholders re»
Dsalnlng unpaid X.M0W
Due and accrued for Salaries,
Hents. etc 15,00000
I All other Liabilities C6.8W 77
Total Liabilities ~. ~ ......... .$3.673.83* 3T
"-: income. ~ i
Net caah actually received for Firs. .....
premium* HHW0T 11
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 1.KJ3 CO
Received for Interest and dlvldsida
en Bonds. Stocks, Loans. an«
from all other sources 173.135 Tl
P.ecelved for Rents 12.873 37
Received from all other souroes... 3.SM49
Total Ineom* ? .t9.l39.V» 92
EXPENTJITTJRX9.
Net arnonat paid for. Fir* losses
<lnciudlng » — . losses or „ „
previous year*) $3,068,m «1
Dividends to Stockholders 273,3*6 Os)
Paid or allowed tor Commission or
Brakerag* 1.183.0I4W
Paid for Salaries. Fees) aad other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 4S8,oe8 It
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes M.90O23
All other payments and expend!- _•• .
tures a70.0C3O
Total Expenditures ., ....^3.333.4a)33
Losses Incurred during th* ye*r...$3,24».l&l 07
Risks and Premrnms.| Fir* Risks. { Premium*.
Net amount of Risks
SS^iS^i^ ii.eii.-Mio $7.ra.83»
Net amount of Risks
•xplred during the
Net amount In fore*
December 31. 1903. 1.813.558.350 6.1S7.S30 77
FRANK A. CUB1TT. President.
C. A3 BATHTHIST BIGNOLD. Ssetftary.
Subscribed and sworn to befor* me. this 5ta
day ef April. 1804.
tax. HAI£S. Notary FubUe,
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
314 California St
' W. H. LOWDEN, Manager.
J. L FULLER, Assistant Minazar.
JOHN 0. RICHARDS, Mgr. City DspU
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
STATEMENT
OF THB *
COXDITIOX -AND AFFAIRS,
OF THB
INDEMNITY FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NHVV TORK. IN THE STATE OT NSW
York, on the 31st day of December. A. IX
1903 and for the year ending on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
th« Stats of California^ pursuant to the pro-
visions of Sections «10 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank fumlsned by
the Commissioner. f
CAPITA!*.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid «*_^_. M
i a Cash ..........••• -• $3C0.C«0 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company... $385.8*5 0«
Caah In Company's Office ........ 25 08
Casb In Banks • S3. 1 S3 83
Interest du* end accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 2,373 00
Premiums In du* Course of Collec-
tion ; UTO 43
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance' on losses already paid. 1M 37
Commission on Unpaid Return
Premiums and Reinsurance Prem-
ium* 451 7«
Total Assets ~..~~.~.~ $450.181 53
.UABZUTIES.
Losses Adjusted aad unpaid fl&ISS 63
Losses. to process ot Adjnstrwrat or •
' la Sussense ........•••••........ *. ofio D J
losses resisted. Including expanse*. 1.123 M
Oross premiums on Flre Risks run-
ning one Tear o r less. $211,732 <»:.„-_.„
reinsurance 00 per cent 109,979 09
Gross premiums on Flre Risks run-
ning more than one year. $108.-
747 43; reinsurance pro rata .... «,518 79
Do, and accrued for Salaries. Rents. .
eto ......... 1,827 88
Due and to beoom* due tor Com-
missions aad Brokerage «S7 »•
Rtturn Premiums and Reinsurance
Premiums » , S.M2 H
Total Liabilities ............... $193.»1 a*
Z iNcoira.
Net cash actnaUy received for Fire
premiums $379,834 23
Received for tnterest aad dividends
on Bonds. Stoeks. Loans and from * ,.
S-MMr eonrcee U>K M
Tots) Isooxb* ~.~..~.~.~...$2S3L191 03
EXPXNTJITXnUES. ¦
N*t amount P»Jd 1 for Flre Loss**
(including $22,107 BB. losses of
previous y*ars) ...•;. $148,413 OS
Paid er allowed for Commission or
Brokerage - •• 5*733 83
Paid for Balarte*. Fees and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc.. 33.119 97
Paid for "State. National and Local
taxes 9.133 53
?11 other payments aad expendi-
tures 18.113 83
Total Expenditures $233,533 33
Fir*. .
Lessee Incurred during the year... $147,517 81
Risks aad Premiums. Flre Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the <
-year t2J.473.7S3 $403.838 38
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 43.T5AS70 $21,239 M
Net amount in force
December 31. 1P03-. 33.028.333 X30.4S9 a3
A. F LOSEE. Vice President
J. H. BUROER, Secretary.
Subscribed " and sworn to befor* me. this
3d day. of February. 1904.
EDWIN F. CORBT.
Commissioner for, Calif ornla la New Yor*. v
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
314 California St
W. H. LOWDEN, Manager.
J. L. FULLER, Assistant Manager.
JOHN D. RICHARDS, Mgr., Citj Depl.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL,
Weekly Call, $1 per Year;
V AMUSEMENTS. '
— < .. . < . ¦ ¦ . ¦¦ .-»»¦.¦ ...>,~-
UU BbUI¥H3IM LEADING lH£A.?i
LAST 3 NIGHTS.
Matinee Saturday — Charles Frohman Presents
MAUDE ADAMS
In Her Greatest Triumph,
THE LITTLE MINISTER
"Simply bewitched the audience." — Call.
'•Possesses divine flre." — Examiner.
"A gTtat artistic success." — Chronicle.
' "Refreshing as a dewdrop."— Bulletin.
"Proves, Irresistible." — Post.
Beginning- NEXT MONDAT.
rSOTHERN
In the Miracle Play,
THE PROUD PRINCE.
By Justin Huntly McCarthy.
Author of VIF I WERE KINO."
seat's now ready.
MODERN VAUDEVILLE.
Truly Sbattuck; Avon Comedy Poor;
Leah Russell; Orphexun Motion Pic-
tures. Showing: the Brooklyn Handicap,
and '
Marcel's Living Art Studies
Last times of Burke, X* Bne and the
Inky Boy*; Brandow and Wiley; Oai-
ton and Stone and the Power* Brother*.
Regular Matinee Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c. 23o
and 60c. j. ¦ ¦
TIV/AI I opera
I I VULJ HOUSE.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAT.
TO-NICtaT— EVERT NIGHT. ,
The Military Comic Opera Triumph,
II SERGEANT |
KITTY p"^
Book and L>yrlcs by R. H. Bureside.
Muslo by A. Baldwin Sloane.
Beautiful Production — Splendid Cast.
In Preparation
ROBIN HOOD
Usual TJroll Prlces-^-230, 60o. 75o.
A T /P A 7AD B{1 " C(I * Mayer.
ALLAZ.AK
¦ ' • ll . General Manage.r
TO-NIGHT— ALX. WEEK.
MATINEE) TO-PAT AND SATURDAT.
OUIDA'S I I BOMANCS
'Wm 2 iugsI
"Excellent . performance." — Bulletin.
'.' "Is well worth seeing."— Post.
MARVELOUS 8AND STORM SCENE.
• CIGARETTE'S RIDE FOR LIFE.
Evg.. 25c to 75c. Mats. Thura. & Sat., 25o to BOo
\ * •¦"¦"— ¦
NEXT WEEK— LAUGH LONG AND LOUD!
•. CHARLEY'S AtTWT
THE COMEDT OF COMEDIES.
To Pollow— Clyde Fitch's LOVERS' LAXB
Coming— WHITE WH1TTLESET.
CENTRALS
Market street. Dear Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAT AND SUNDAY
.Hal -Reid's Phenomenal Eastern Success,
I THE PEDDLERl
A Fascinating Heart Interest Drama with a
Wealth of Comedy and the Greatest of all He-
brew Characters.
nnirCC Evenings.... 10c to DOo
PKltED Matinees 10c. 15c, S3o
Kext week — Mammoth Revival of
f "TKB OOTOBOOH" >
A Succession of Surprises !
V foresters~of: America .
Gorgeous Carnival
Stre
UNDER AUSPICES OF GENERAL RELIEF
COMMITTEE.
3 TBAIN LOADS OF W0VE1TIES — 3
Magnificent Electrical Display.
!.; ¦ A Feast of Fun and Frolic. ¦
Direction: of California" Carnival Company.
' ¦ 10c— ADMISSIOBT— 100.
OPEN AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Cor.v Market. 11th. Van Ness ave. and 12th.
I eel GaU $1.00 DerTear
j» AMUSK5* M M T^. . _ _
GRANDS*.
MATINEE SATURDAT— LAST 8
MBLBOURNB
MacDOWELL
In the New and Successful Romantic Drama
A CAPTAIN .OF NAVARRE
PRICES: 15c. 23c. 60c? 73o
DAVID lELASCO
PRESENTS MRS.
LESLIE GARTER
In His New.Play
Dl) BARRY
For a Limited Engagement, Commenctnr
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT
Regular Mat. Bat. Special Mat. Wed.
SALE OF SEATS COMMENCES
THIS MORNING, 9 O'CLOCK
Prices: $2.00. |1.60. $1.00, 75c, DOo •
CALIFORNIA
jgS& BAItOATlff MATTKSB B^k
¦ The Stirring War Play of th« South, 1
I "THE CAVALIER" I
H - . Presented by tl
I The Oliver Morosca Company I
I The Greatest Stock Company la Ex- i
S tatence. y
M SUNDAY— William OUIattt's M»st#r- I
H Piece . . II
U "BECBIT SXBVZCZ." ||
tk The greatest war drama ever wrtttan. ft
SECOND WEEK BIGGER THAN FIRST.
AND NO WONDER.
LJ. »^».^=^S=S=S5S
KEEPS THE CROWD TELLINO
So very funny and so derer
A$ d
i?££».'&F%8%H 1 ? Dwm BEN
; . A Chorus of '"Stars" of Forty.
A Mountain of Specialties.
On» of th* Big Hits Lionel Lawrane*'*
"EIGHT BADrOX OIKXS."
Don't Miss This.
Matlcees Saturday aad Sunday: Sams) po'a-
ular prices. .
Hirb-CUii Specialties Every. Afternoon
aad Evealnsr la tie Theater.
TO-NiaHT-1—
GAI/A A3IATE UK PKRFOR3IANCD
— — — Concluding With
NEW LIVING PICTURES
T&k* • lido on the MINIATURB ELECTRIC
RAILROAD.
VISIT CABARET DB LA MORT.
ADMISSION .10c I CHILDREN So
When Phonln* Ask for "The Chutes."
MISCELXANE0U3 AMUSEXEOTfc
BASEBALL
AT RECREATION PARK. *< :
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
Oakland vs. San Frandsco,
TO-DAI'AND FRJDAT, 8:80 P. M.
SATURDAT. 3:00 P. M.
SUNDAT. 2:30 P. M.
LADIES FREE TO- DAT AND FRIDAY.
Advance Sale of. Seats at 5 Stockton Street.
PalarA DONT ¦ FAIL TO •
laiatC , ee th« beaattful
« • COURT. Lounging
/ifiii room, the EMPIRE
UUM parlor, the
T— .4 PALM ROOM, the
linfflfl LOUIS XV PAR-
U1U11U LOR^ jujj tj,,, la.
n^ij,, DIES' WRITING
Hotels room.
THE FUGITIVE.
¦ ' ' ' * - - J ¦ •
The Great Story of the Jews In
Russia and New York.
BY EZRAS. BRUDXO.
Illustrated by Bert Levy, the
Famous Australian Jewish
Sketch Artist.
Begins in t
'NEXT. SUNDAY'S CALI*
_ , AJPVEBTISE2OSNT3.. '
m, ' .Our whole Dining-Room Floor— Buffets, China Qosets, m\
Vn Tables and Chairs — i£. on Special Sale. If yotx are not 18
I jvj furnishing immediately, you may still choose your goods [Si
13 from these enormous reductions and have them held here as KU
yl long as three. months by the payment of merely a nominal ||l
H Some of Those Reductions. |]
U $1.35 Dining Chair l" 1^ goldeo^;;;;;;; 80c yi
Vfl <£¦>> nifiifif? TfthlP round, 6-foot extension, solid <>£* -TfiT fffl
VA frl-vU»»".S laUICf golden oak, well polished.... Ki
WA niniti£ TahSP round, 6-foot extension, made of ajj
m v* D munis lame, pou,^ go iden Ka- C|ft Ml
Via Ished, quarter-sawed oak %piw Ha
IBM <£A7 nifiifi£ T#ltilP found « 6-foot extension, dark, weath- Ki
ni| he ivy pedestal and flat board Mission feet D9
M ;<£lft Phififll PlflQPt g° ld « n oak. double CIO OA Rfl
| $IO l^niHci UIUM51, strength, AA clear glass... §\O.£V Ufl
W ' CO /| Rll-ffPi* solid ozk, quarter-sawed throughout, French plate lii
Vi V^^* " Ul lx >^ mirror, 3 drawers, bottom shelf, QA£* Cf\ ¥/A
Yl French mirror polish all^ over 'JplO.Ovl EM
| When you think over these values [|
K you will come. ______ N
1 'fi^SS&K^ 1
El "The Credit House." 233235-237 Post Street M
ADVERTISEMENTS.
*^**^*3osr *j .. £Sjf r&9 |m \naassk FTn nffa bvwKSSI ~ bbbbbbbf bb^LsbsvsbhiH s^^bV
JL 915 MARKETS!
TEX.EPHO1TB SOUTH 1083. A
x#m3-DAY SPECIALS, j
j^^JI^MI croceries - liquors. I
/&ffi%&A Vifc^feJa New Strawberry %-g^Hon Reliance Whtake; M
V^TT^MVl^ tf^ Preserve. bottle 31.05 i
[MTi "#9&faiS. J/% >H Urge jar 10c R ts . $1.60. Good straight 0
W saL^agtMaESByj O nes - 1>0 °- norle " Bourbon. Old matured. High Q
I C* >f hBSH BmtW W rnade - / Pure frult proof. B
I IfflliilliH fif *"? h carTand neVt? V-Year-OW SHnfanflel Wine I
I M I§iilS8lBPi \1 FS rpre ' :.... gallon 600 II
I HI IBHKSIsM II HCrcamery Batter. . . AstI Vineyard. Re*. 11.00. g
Rv raifirn finrifiaTi a i*. «c. W. A. Oalnea & Co., Louts- • ¦
Ear sasTem uoanaii. 4 ids soo .,,h. tr~ - r>. tf «i ¦>« hi
la Reg 10c. Pure cod. Select white. Very vine, Ky. Keg. »i.*>. 4 n
B tender. \ * XellogsT'i AA.Whiakey. . . . . ¦
H : Martin's N. Y. Cream Cheese, .pound 15c ¦ .............. .bottle 7So I
W Reg. 25c. Martin's brand means the best The old Wllmerdlng favorite. H
H \ selection of. the whole New York Stale. ¦ ,' Rey*|1.00. • ' D
il Suarar-Cured Ham., ¦..ponnd i U«* 1WM " n .,. 1 , ( i win* ..' fl
¦ • All sl»*s. Lean or fat; extra select gjfc Tipo • Cniaatl Wtte. . . ¦ •
tl tender: fresh smoked, i ' ......... ..lull pints 25o fg
H Imported Olive OIL. . . . V4-g*allon can 75c °« nulne - , g£
I \ '-.¦ » , Pure Italian Lucca. Reg. S1.10. A. V. H. Gin. .. .bottle 31.33 I
R] Singapore Pineapple can lOo Oldest Holland Gin. Reg. ¦
M Eyeless and coreless. Sliced In pure ayrup. $1.60. " : - ' ¦ fl
B r - r ' c# Cora.... 2 cans 25c; dozen $1.45 oid o -9 B Whiskev If
19 Select Eastern sugar corn. Natural sweet- v ¦' •JJ^ii -I..'_i."«i* ¦
Cl ness. Not bleached. . . , • • • • -^U anart 65c , ¦
. ¦ araham Crackers ........ . pound lOo 5 ed el T th « only *e««lne. ¦
H Healthy and good. Fresh baked., Reg. 15c. Keg.Stfc. r , - • , ¦
£1 Costa Klca Coffee— Green, lb 20o Parasron Cocktails.bottle 75c H
B. Boasted, Id. ...................... 25o All flavors. A favorite Cock- : ¦.
UL ¦ Genuine. Rich, strong and fragrant. tall for the home. Reg-. Si. 00. B
B . - •_ ¦ ¦- . _ ¦ _ ¦¦¦ - -- •"..:..•« ' ¦- - ¦ :' W- '¦¦
* 1 .1 ¦jftii irHsfirh 1 ¦'•>i*safTiir>iBsi Mi im^ii—m 1 1 1 -¦ ¦¦¦- **...* ¦ - - ~ ¦ ¦ . . <¦•-•-..„.-•-'.
POSTUM CEEEAX.
SURE!
I'd like to know of a
delicious hot. meal-
time drink to take the < .
place of COFFEE.
TRY
POSTUM
(That's the answer)
Geflhe little book. "The Road
to WeUville" In each pkg./ John Rosentritt, a bartender in a Third
street saloon, while on his way to his room at
2.17 Jessie ' street at 11 o'clock on*. Tuesday
nlcht. wm struch from behind with what he
BUpjKJsrn to be a sandbag. .All he recollects is
that after he received the blow he became un
oonselous. In which condition he -.was found
by tho l police and ,. taken to the Emergency
Hospital. , where he remained until yesterday
when he told of his experience. After being
knocked senseless • he waa robbed of $7 which
lie had in his pantaloons pocket. - The thug
who knocked him out concealed himself \m
hind a drum containing lead piping which had
been placed on th« street .by men working on
a ditch, • - . - ¦ • -
Snndbugged and Robbed.
David A. Russell was arrested Ian nigh!
by Policeman Max Fenner on complaint of
Detective C. M. Hlmchey of the Hotel St.
Francis, wjio charred him with passing sev
eral worthless checks for hi» board and Uwlr
ln 8-^»lTChey say* that the officials of tha
bt. Francis Hotel have ascertained that Kus
eell and a man named J. K<tsar Parker have
been guilty of the same offense Uirouatxnit
the country.- The police are searching Vn
Parker, in whose name the checks were made
out. .'•¦-,.-
David A. Kussell Arrested.
NEW rYOHK. j June 8.— -Thomaa
flharkey, the pugilist, has been mar
ried Jn tills city to Miss Catherine Mc-
Intoah of Michigan.- a professional
nu^^e^whQ attended him during a re
cent illness.
Tom Sharkcy aiarries His Nurse.
SUMMARY.. <V
Htolen bases — Bernard, Wheeler, ErrVa--
Flood, Bernard. McCreedln, neck. Two-lmaa
hits— Oiane, Bchmeer. HJe'lman, Heritu.nl, fine
rifle* hit — FIoo<J. First ba»« on errors— f,oa
Aw-Un 2, Portland I. Left on I'U^m - I.im
Aritc-l'-a 7, Portland (5. (list haeft on culled
balls— Off (Jray 1, fitrurk out^lly Oray T, by
Butler 3. Double play— Hplea to Hmtth. lilt
by pitched ball — Wheeler. .Time of guinea — On«
hour and 36 minutes. 'tjmplr«— 'McDonald.
Totals 33 4 ' 9 27. 14 1 Totals 34 2 H 24 S
RUMS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
L©« Angeles. ...... .0- O 0 0 0 0 0 4 i— 4
Base hits.. 2 110 0 10 4 x—0
Portland 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 0—2
lia«e,hlt*. 2 0 110 112 <>-*
LOS ANGELES, June 8.— Butler for
Portland held the Champions safe to
day until the eighth inning, when he
let up, struck . a batter and was hit
for two doubles and two singles, re
sulting in four runs.' Portland se
cured eight hits off Gray, but were
unable to bunch them, only in the sec
ond inning, when they batted in two
runs. . / The teams broke even on er
rors, having two each. Score:
Los Angeles — I Portland —
' AB.R. H. P.A.I AB.R. II. P.A.
Toman.s. 4 0 10 4|Drnan,cf 3 10 10
Flood.2b. 3 0 0 1 R McCnJ.rf. 4 12 3 0
Smith.3b. 411 2 3,Thlnin.lf. 4 0 2 7 0
Brnard.cf 4 14 3 0 Beck,2b.. 4 0 0 2 0
Cravth.rf 4 0 0 10 Franca.3b 4 0 2 2 0
Whl«r.lO3 10 10 Schmer.s 4 0 1 1 ' 1 :
Chasc.lb. 4 1,2 11 0 Stlmn.lb. 4 01 4 0
Sples.c. 4 0 18 2Shea,c... 4"0 0 4'1
Gray.p... 3 0 0 0 0 Butler.p. 3 0 0 0 3
Angels Score Four Rons and Thus
• Win From Portland.
TIDE TURNS IX THE EIGHTH.
The affidavit denies, that the Cltlacns* Alli
ance I* hostile to the printers' union and de
clares that It is not- engaged In . printing or
selling any printed matter bearing, its label
The afQ'lavit says the purposes' above
enumerated are accomplished by means of the
boycott and strike. It adds that the union
la br-' is not used to advertise to the general
public products of superior skill but to pre
vert union men from buying superior goods
•mule by non-union houses. It declares the
label a disfigurement of- the printing of the
city n»d county government. .
Secretary Files Affidavit Alleging
| Printers' Union Is Coercive.
In the proceedings begun by President French
of San Francisco Typographical Union No. 21
to prevent the Citizens' Alliance from using a
label alleged to be an infringement on the
label of the allied printing trades Secretary
W. E. Alexander of the Citizens' Alliance yes
terday filed with the County Clerk an affidavit
In which he averred that the Typographical
Union was organized to prevent the employ
ment of persons who were not members of the
union: to force the employment of Its members
an against other printers who are equally or
more competent; to compel employers to pay
higher > wages for the same inferior grade of
work; to destroy competition and to Injure tha
trade or business of persons who do not em
ploy union men. ¦ -
ALLIANCE DISLIKES LABEL.
There will be ( two stakes decided at
Union Coursing Park on Sunday, the
regular open event and an eight-dog
champion stake. In this Pocatelli,
Rector, Belle Free. Palo Alto, Rich
ard Anton, Fair Tralee, Sea Lion and
McVey are entered. A- lot of fast
greyhounds are carded to start in the
r>pen stake. The draw last night 1 re
sulted as follows:
Champion stake— Pocatelli vs. Rector; Belle
Free v». Palo- Alto; Richard Anton vs. Fair
Tralee; Sea Lion vs. McVey.
Tamora vs. Texas Mamie; Cubanola vs Jack
Doe; Lily Wright vs. Bright Fortune; Wattles
vs. Rural Artist; Haddlngton - va. . Master
Rocket: Colored Lady vs. Texas Jill; Bt. Louis
Boy vs. Rapid Water; Sacramento Boy vs.
General Dewet; Amandan vs. J E H; MeUln
wood vs. Flaunt; Mickey Free vs. Commercial
Traveler: Merry Go Round va. Texas Hoo Hoo-
Frisky Boy vs. Pagliacci; Pepper Jack vs.
Chillmara; Golden Fortune vs. Liberator; Red
Rock vs. Humbug; Adonis va. Rich Argosy;
Vandal vs. Fancy Free; Hudson vs. Tom King;
Miss Brummel vs. Northern Alarm; Galveston
ve. Una: Lucy Clalr vn. Duhallow; Lord Brazen
vs. Old Ironsides; Aeolus vs. Donnybrook; Ren
egade Apache vs. Friendless Boy; Wedgewood
vs. Intruder; Raby Aurora vs. Gambit; Tralee
Lass vs. Rocklin Boy; Medley th. Golden Gar
ter; Honest- John vs. Remlsso Animo; Orslna
v». Foxhunter; Frank Dunn vs. Fontenoy.
Pocatelli, Rector, Palo Alto and Other
Fleet Hounds Entered in Cnam
;¦>*-,*' plonship Event.
TWO STAKES WILL BE RUN
AT UNION PARK ON SUNDAY
CHICAGO, June 8. — Dr. Knudson,
•who operated . on Starter # Richard
Dwyer for appendicitis late "Saturday
night, reiterated his statement to-day
that Dwyer would certainly be able to
send the <horses away in the American
Derby at Washington Park on the 18 th
inst. Dwyer is making- much better
progress than had been anticipated
and not the slightest cause for alarm
is felt by Dr. Knudson or by the con
sulting physicians. It is only a ques
tion.'of a few days before Dwyer will
be out and around as strong as ever.
Dick Dwyer Recovers Rapidly.
Non-union freight handlers are rapidly load
ing the cars at the Townsend street depot.
The company has managed to secure 300 men
to take the places of the men who struck Sun
day night for an Increase of pay. When the
green hands went to work they could not keep
the sheds clear of goods coming In for ship
ment, but they are rapidly catching up and
the foremen in charge of the .gangs say the
new hands are improving daily.
Checking clerks were to have held a meet
ing at noon yesterday to finally settle the
question of whether they would Join the
strikers or remain at work. Without going
through the formality of a regular meeting
the decks decided to remain at work.
That action was a great drawback to the
freight handlers', for with the clerks out of the
sheds there would be better chances of the
company considering the demands of the men.
Disappointment was freely expressed by the
strikers when they learned of the action taken
by the clerks. No demonstrations have been
made by the men thus far, and they say there
will be none.
Non-Union Crews Are Clearing Sheds
While Strikers Are
Still Idle.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC LOADING
FREIGHT i MORE RAPIDLY
Seattle's Heavy Hitters Bombard the
Big College Man's Offerings.
SEATTLE, June 8. — Seattle won to
day's game easily, hitting Overall for
five singles and a double in the* sec
ond Inning. Williams was steady and
kept the hits well scattered. , Score:
Seattle — 1 Tacoma — •-
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
VnHtn,cf 4 11-2 0?DoyIe,rf.. 60110
Bk8hp.2b 6 12 2 2 Shehn.Sb 6 0 0 14
Delhty.3b 3 2 1 0 llNrdyk.lb 5 0 1 12 1
Ftt«k,lf.. 3 0 2 5 0 Egan.s... 4 0 10 3
Smltb.rf. 5 112 1 Lynch.cf. 4 0 2 0 0
Brsher.lb 4 2 17 0iCasey.2b. 4 0 3 12
Hall.s.... 6 2 2 3 4 McLin.lf. 3 10 8 0
Wilson.c. 6 14 6 1 Grahm.e. 4 0 2 6 0
Wilams.p 4 10 0 1 Overall.p 10 0 0 0
St.Vrin,p 8 0 2 14
Totals. 38 11 14 27 10 ,
1 Totals. 38 J 12 24 11
RUJTS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Seattle 2 7.0 2 0 0 0 0 x— 11
Base hits 2 6 1 2 11 0 1 x— 14
Tacoma 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 1
.Base hits 01122303 0—12
SUMMARY. .
Errors — Doyle, Wilson. Casey. Two-bus hit*
—Van Haltren, Hall. Wilson. St. Vraln 2.
Stolen bases — Blankenshlp, Brashear, Egan.
Lyncn. Sacrifice hit — Williams. Double play
— Smith to Hall. Bases on balls — Off Overall
1. off St. Vraln 2. .Hit by pitcher — By Wil
liams 1, by St. Vraln 1. Struck out — By Wil
llanw 6, by Overall 2, by St. Vraln 2. HIta —
Off Williams 12. off Overall 9. off St. Vraln B.
Left on bases — Seattle 0, Tacoma 10. Time of
game — 1 hour , and 60, minutes. Umpire —
©•Connen. ' .... r -i* -
OVERALL IS SENT TO BENCH.
First Race — Mildred I/, Happy Hoo
ligan, Burrows. '
Second Race — Conundrum, Wlssen
dine, Feronia. •
Third Race— Limerick: Girl, Milton
Young, Arlena.
Fourth Race— Behoove, Klngstelle,
John Doyle.
Fifth Race — Sol Smith, Kins Fox
II, Lady Fonse.
Sixth Race — Mainspring, Easter
Walters, Algonquin.
DEL.MAR SELECTIONS.
ST. LOUIS, June 8. — The entries for
to-morrow's races at 'Delmar track
are as follows: .
First race, 6lx furlongs, sellinr — Mildred L
102. Burrows 102, Bush Smith 100. St. Roche
07. Happy Holllcan 07, LIU Noel U5.
Second race, seven furlongs, selling — Conun
drum 110. Wissendlne 107. St. Vitus 106, Es
canaba 106. Little Giant 105, Feronia 103,
Lillle Lone 9S, La Amanda 98.
Third race, nlne-rtxteentfcs of a mile — Mil
ton Young 112, A Lady Fair 109, Arlena 109,
St. Javan 108. Limerick Girl 105, Jetty 105,
Erla Lee 105.
Fourth race, seven furlcngs, selling — Jerry
Hunt 107, Velasquez 106, Aminte 105, Behoove
104, John Doyle 103, Klngstelle 100.
Fifth race, six furlongf. selling — Sadie Burch
107, Sol Smith 104, King Fox n 102. Lady
Fonse 101, Hoedown 100, Ora Z »5.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles, selling —
Mainspring 105, Miss Eon 102, Murmur 97,
Sister Lillian 97, Helen Hay 97, Algonquin
95. Easter Walters 82. .
Weather clear. Track good.
DELMAR TRACK ENTRIES.
CHICAGO, June S.— Fine weather, a
fast track, an unusually good card and
i big crowd were the conditions to-day
at JJarlcm track. The feature of the day
was th*> Petite stakes, at four and a
half furlongs for 2-year-old fillies. "Pa"
Bradley's Broadway Girl, backed down
from 10 to 1 to € to 1, was sent away
flying and was never headed. She beat
Belle of Ashland, a 2(1 to 1 shot, four
lengths. Seasick, at 2 1-2 to 1 to show,
was third. These three ran In this or
der all the way after the first sixteenth.
The Petite stakes was worth $2910 to
the winner.
Mohurib, backed heavily at 11 to 2,
Imadc a show of seven other Derby can
didates in the fourth race, a purse af
fair at one and a sixteenth miles, win
ning by five lengths from -Miss Craw
ford, which beat out Prince Silver
wiriffs, the favorite. Summaries:
TIRST RACE — Five furlcngs; purse; >wo
year-old maidens:
B»tting. lion?.-. Weight. Jockey. St. ?i Fin.-
S to I— Swedish Lad, 110 (Lawr) 2 14 1 *i
S to 5— Tcnnyburn. 110 (Haack). 3 4 h 2 2'i
20 to 1— Uutwell, 9S (Knapp) 1 2 nk 3 1
Time. 1 :03 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. C. R. Klison's b. e. by King Bric-
Priacess Revenue,. Bonnie Prince Charlie 100,
Ralher Royal 105. Proprietor 113, Lucius 110.
Xarses 110, finished a- named. Hawtrty
bolted the fence and was excuied.
SECOND RACE — Steeplechase, short course:
four-yeir-old3 and up; handicap:
Bettlrg. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *» Fin.
9 to 1— L-o Planter, 134 (Seaton) 7 2 2m nk
5 to 1 — Itoc&tiara, 1!>5 <Carter). 4 3 2 2 1
7 to 6 — Golden Link. 14O (McHu) 1 4 50 3 2
Time, .'i:o5 3-6. Start good. Won driving.'
Winner. .W. W. Dardan & Co.'s b. g. (8) by
Leoratus-PJantress. Hand Vice 142. Donaml
125. Snowdrift 12S, finished as named. Bva
Mae 140 fell; Miss Brandon 125 threw rider.
THIRD RACE — Four and a half furlongs;
Petite stakes: two-year-old fillies:
Betting. Horse, Weipht, Jockey. St. «i. Fin.
6 to 1— Broadway Girl.112 (Knp) 1 1 l^l 4
20 to 1— Belle ofAshland,110(Hks) 2 2 2^2 1H
10 to 1— Seasick. 102 (Robb!ne)..7 3 1 3 2Vs
Time :55 2-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner. Mrs. E. R. Bradley' s b. f. by Aloha-
Brcadway Belle. La Londe 120, Regal 110.
Lady LaKca 115, Belle Klnney 118. Peggy
O'Neal 113. Peggy Mine 115. Bologna. 115. Jade
112. .Useful Lady 115, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One and a eixteenth miles;
three-year-olds; puree:
Betting. Hor»e. Weight," Jockey. St. »i Fin.
11 to 2— Mohs,rlb, 115 (Aubuchon) 7 3415
l«to 1— M: Crawford. 99 (Robns) 2 14 2 1%
11 to 10— Pr. Sllv*rwings.lO8 (Plk) 5 2 3>43 4
Time. 1:49. Start poor. Won cantering.
Winner. J. W. Schorr's br. c. by Esher-Reflec
tion. Flower King 107. Woodson 107. Bear
cat cher 107. Felipe Lugo 112. Kainland 112.
finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs; four-year-olds
and up; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
11 to 5— The Crisis, 105 (Oliphant) 3 1114
S to 1 — Americano. 114 (Feicht).. 7 3 1 2 2
5 to 1 — Sad Sam, 105 (Sherwood). 1 2 1 3 6
Time, 1:14 3-5. Start poor. Won cantering.
Winner. Talbot Bros.* ch. f. (4) by The Com
moner-Miss Leaflet. John A. Scott 110. Little
Mission 95. Sylvia Talbot 107. Gypsene 97. Hai
ney 102. firm bed as named.
SIXTH RACE— One and a quarter miles;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
B«tttng. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
6 to 1— Tancred. 107 ( Feicht) 6 14 12
IS to S — Banter. 102 (Lawrence).. 3 6B15 2 ns
6 to 5 — Harrison. 105 (Nlcol) .... 4 42 34
Time. 2:10 8-5. Start good. Won easily.
WlrAer. T. Hughes & Co.'s ch. c. <t) by Trou
bador-Unadilla. Omdurman 107. Lou Woods
M>. Rankln 102,' Marcos 113. finished as named.
GRAVESEXD, June 8. — When Bar
dolph. a HO to 1 shot, beat out the
odds-on favorite. Ascension, in to
day's opening event, the betting ring
contained a jovial lot of bookmakers.
When a horne is Quoted at 50 to 1 it
moans he is practically unbacked and
when a favorite runs second at odds
on there is but little money to pay
out for a place. So the race practi
cally meant a clean sheet for nearly
all the layers.
There was. however, an awful reck
oning during the' remainder of the*
afternoon. Four heavily backed fa
vorites and a third choice landed, so,
notwithstanding the balance on the
ripht side of the ledger that Bar
dolph's victory gave the layers, the
bookmakers quit big losers on the day.
••Joe" Yeager was a busy, man dur
ing the afternoon. He tried to make
a killing with Morris Kayraan's Or
t%>dox and backed him heavily from
six down to one. He failed, however.
N*cxt he plunged on Chrysitis in the
Clover stakes. Teager was making
l>ook to-day, but he laid "no price
against Chrypitis. While he was busy
laying against Czaraphine, Incantation
nnd - Simplicity, his commissioners
were betting on Pierre Lorillard's filly
around 3 to 1.
The victory of Chrysitis only netted
Teager about J 20.000 in bets, but his
book had practically a clean sheet and
it is estimated his total winning* were
clsse to $35,000. Summaries:
FIRST RACE— About Mx furlongs, telling,
three-ycar-o'.ds and 'upward.
riett'.ri. "Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. s; jrjn.
T-0 to 1— Bardolph. Ill <W.Hen> 6 2 4 1 \
!> to 10— Ascension. 10tf fTravr?) 1 1 '4 2 2»4
:i to 1 — Kg Pepper. 9« (J.Jones) 7 33 3(4
Time 1:12 1-5. ?t«rt poor. 'Won driving.
Winner. P. J. Gorman's b. c. by Mirthful-Ber
muda Dance. Jane Hofiy, Martinma?. Athel,
Cottajre Maid. Commonetta. Arabo, Crathawn,
¦¦: -:.': as raised.
SECOND RACE— Five end a half furlongs.
pvrwe. maiden two-year-olds.
Bettlnr. ' Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
1 to t— Gilpin. 112 <ONrtl> 4 1 h 1 «i
IT, to J-Kt of Pearl. 112 ..T.VarO 12 2 2 6
JO to 1— Jerry C. 112 (R.Fisher) 3 4 h 3 8
Time. 1:11 ."-5. Start fair. Won ridden out.
Winner, N. Bennington's ch. c. by Juvenal-
Koumiss. Councilman, Goldenbuck Queenrose,.
Flyirjr Raskin. Pete Daily, Gotowin, Prince
Josejih, Idle Hour, finished a? named.
THZRD RACE — One and an eighth miles,
handrtep, three-year-olds and upward,
letting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. "i Fin.
tven— Audience. 101 <H. Philp) 1 2 h 1 2
4 to 1— A Williams 109 (Redfrn) ¦S 4 ft 2 1^
« to 1— Himself. W (D O'Connr) 4 1 4 3 ns
Time. 1:58. Ptart pood. Won Easily. Win
; «-r, S«. S. Brown's ch. f. by Sir Dlxon-Salllo
"•lcCkiiand. Orthodox. Carbuncle, Scotch This
t!<-. finished as named.
POITRTH RACE— Five furlongs ; The Clorer
f-:«fc~=; nllies; two-yeW-olde.
Mcttme. Horse, Weight Jockey. St. »; Fin.
M to .*¦ — Chrysitis. 107 rO'Neill) 3 2 1 1 H
" to J— Craraphine, 119 tLyne). 2 1^26
13 tot — Incantation. 119 iJ.Mrcl 1 5 I 3 n
Time. l:0C4-I>. Start fair Won drlrlng.
Winner. P. l»riUards br. f. by Golden Gartt#
•-•.-.-.* Xovena Simplicity. Diamond Flush.
Dance Muyic, Raiment. Mirthless. Noralight,
K'iamejha, finished as named. _
FIFTH RACE — One and a sixteenth mile*;
celling; three- year-olds and up.
Bettin*:. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
4 to S — Stuyve, 115 <Hldebrand) 5 2 3 2 Vt
7 to 2— C. Elwood. 106 <O*Nell» 7 1 h 2 12
40 lo 1 — Rereiile. »0 tCrimmins) 2 4 13b
Time. 1:51 3-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner. F. R. Lanterman'r b. g. by Stuyve
cant- Katie A. Monadnock. Sheriff Bell. Sir
Uoche. Wild Pirate. Trepan. Hyland. Merry
Acrobat, Lord Melbourne. Highlander, Conk
ling. The Bowery, Passbook, finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
purse: maiden three-year-clds and up.
R<uinc. Horse. Weight. Jockey". St. »» Fin.
."» to B — Brooklynite. 112 <Blmn) 4 12 18
2 to 1 — TpprfKht. 112 (Lyne)... 1 3 3 2 n
4t» to 1— L-Lngworth, 112 tCchrn) 5 7^36
Time. 1:54. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. J. L. McGinnle' ch. c. by Ornament-
Halrnaiil. Patagonian, William Pidgeon, St.
Gallen. Flexion, Oradell. Taisez Vous. Mem
ph1f. (Belle Claire, finished as named.
HARLEM TRACK ENTRIES.
CHICAGO. June S. — The entries for
to-morrow's races at Harlem follow:
Firet race, six furlongs, selling — Old Hutch
111, Alma. Dufour 104, Poseur 106, Stunts 107.
Admonition 110, Lord Wadsworth 104, Selected
69. Ublque 93, Miss Manners 106. Bensonhurst
101. The Fog 111, The Forum 102, Creole Jim
105. Docile £9, Automaton 112.
Second race, one mile — Ontonagon 100.
Sioux Chief 101. Talpa 105, Dr. Stephens 104.
Gregor K 106.
Third race, one mile and twenty yards,
handicap— Glassful 100, Colonial Girl 115.
Monsieur Beaucalre 103. The Regent 96, Bragg
100, Proof Reader 93, Ananias 92, The
Forum 68.
Fourth race, six furlongs — Alllsta 95, Jim
Tyrrell 95, Barleigh 97. Shawana 95, Ananias
100. Commodore 100, New Mown Hay 90.
Fifth race, five furlongs, two-year-olds — II
Dottore 98. Chicago Lad 110. Flaxman 103.
Double 103. Jack Lory 103. Herllda 100, Gold
Enamel . 106. Girdlestone 103.
Sixth race, one mile, selling — Canyon 102,
Volto BS, Marshalsea 103, Halnault 103, Al
bany Girl 93. Boaster 103. Golden Mineral 99,
Spencerian 94. Schoolmate 94. Gloriosa 102.
Postman 99. Telephone 94, Olympian 113, Fair
Order 87. Federal 101.
Weather clear: tqpek fast.
HARLEM SELECTIONS;
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Alma Dufour, Auto
maton. Old Hutch.
•Second race— Talpa, Gregor K, Dr.
Stephens.
Third race — Colonial Girl, Monsieur
Beancaire. Glassful. -
Fourth race — Burleigh, Shawana,
Commodore.
Fifth race — Flaxman, Gold Enamel,
Girdlestone.
Sixth race — Spencerian, Telephone,
Boaster. ,
GRAVESEXD ENTRIES.
NEW YORK. June 8. — The Gazelle
shakes, with Beldame. Graceful and
other flyers carded to start, will be the
feature to-morrow at Gravesend. The
day's entries follow:
First race, about six furlongn— Reliable 147,
Daxz'.Jar 115. Young Henry 113. Lady Amelia
312. Alliance 1O7. Sweet Alice 9S. New York
3 OS. Morte Carlo 95. Gold Saint 95.
Second rare, about two and a half miles,
spiling-. etecrlcchiLSe — TlreleM 143. Fulminate
143. East Keleton 143 Walter Cleary 143,
Hark Forward 143, Buck Lodge 142 Philma
Paxton 141, Dartman 1S8. The Virginian 138
Ulack Dea.th 136, Tumble Terry 136 Firing
Huures* \Z», Lipton 130.
Third race, five furlongs, selling, two-year
old* — Tongcrder 108. Cheer Cp 108 Niblick 106
Fylvanfte 104. The Chanticleer MM, Siglight
30ft Workiran 103. Tommy Waddell 102, Hil
debrand 102. Knight of Weston 102. Brush
lTp 101. Sir Briil&r U9. Maid of Timbuctoo 99,
Tyrolian 96. Aaaie Rus?ell 84.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth mll»*.
CazelJe etakee. three-year-olde — Beldame 124,
Graceful 121. Bridge Path 113.' Marjoram 113
Little Em 113. Dimple 113, Divtsatior* 113
Fifth race, one and three- rtxteenrhs- miles
rr.r.dimr. three-year-olds and up— Andy Wil
liain» 120. Duke cf Kendal 119, Gold Moner
117 Himself 108. Raglan 104.
Flxth race, five furlongs — Niblick 118 Dm.
*»use 104, Veto 104. Hazel Baker 104 Salt
and Pepp«r 104. Dorothy .Gray 104 Laura 104
Weather dear; track faat.
GRAVESEXD SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Reliable, Xcw York,
Young; Henry.
Second race — Fulminate, Philma
Paxton. Hark Forward.
Third race — Xiblicli; Brnshup
Workman.
Fourth race — Baldame. Graceful,
.Marjoram.
Emh race — Dnke of Krndal, Gold
Money, Andy Williams.
Sixth race — Veto. Xlblick. Danseuse
Latonia Race Results'.
CINCINNATI, June 8. — Latonia summary:
First race, six furlongs — Bonnie Mary won.
Flora second. Maid of the Order third. * Time
l:16«i. W^ ' •
Second race, one mile — D. L. Moore won. Lo
cust Blossom second, Antolee third- Time
1:41»4.
Third race, fire furlongs — Monaco Maid won
Darthlo secend, Gaten third. Time. 1:02. '
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles, han
dicap—Handmoor won. Sir Gallant second, Del
men Jeo third. Time, 1:47. .
Fifth race, steeplechase, short course—Val
entine won. Rip second, Faraday Jr. third
Time, 3:04.
Sixth race, tlx and a half furlong's — Mr.
Farnum won. Lulu Marr second Grand Marr
third. Time, 1:21^.
The Commuters were also there. Gan
ley got a tap on the shirt and Francks
sacrificed him along the line. Schlafley
ewung through with a long double to
left field and the run was easy. In
round three Hlldebrand bit off a -triple
which bounded .off the house in left
field and it looked good for a run with
but one out. Waldron tore a torrid
skipper at Schlafley and he neatly
fielded Hilde out at the pan.
Both teams laid up against the ball
occasionally till the seventh, but the
hits did no damage. Devereaux start
ed the seventh * for Oakland with a
drive to left and Mosklman sacrificed.
Julie Streib made his first timely hit
in weeks, a two-baser, to the score
board, that decided the Issue. Oak
land sot another in the eighth though
It was not needed. Miller erred on
Schlafley's grounder and Reitz failed
to cover second when Leahy winged
the ball on an attempted steal, so
Schlafley pulled up at third. Kruger
partook of a pass and tore for second.
Schlafley was nailed en a bluff throw
and thereby lost a run, for Devereaux
followed with a single, bringing Kruger
in. The score: .
Ban Francisco— ' i Oakland —
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Miller, s. 4 0 1 5 4 n a nly. rf 3 1 1 4 1
Hildbd, If4 Oil 0 Frncke, a 3 0 0 4 2
Wldrn, cf4 12 1 0 Shlfiy. 2b 3 0 1 2 6
Meany. rf 3 0 1 2 0 Krugr. cf 3 1 2 2 0
Irwin, 3b. 3 0 1 1 2 Devrs. 3b 4 1 2 .0 0
Twnsd.lb 3 O'Oll 2 Mskmn.lf 2 0 110
Reltz. 2b 4 0 0 0 3 Stretb, lb 8 0 1 8 0
Leahy, c. 3 0 1 2 7. Byrnes, c2 O 1 6 1
Jones, p. 3 0 0 1 3 Buchn, p3 0 0 0 2
Totals. 31 1 7 24 21 Totals. 26 3 9 27 12
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco... 10000000 0— 1
Base hits 20211010 0— ,7
Oakland 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 x— :t
Base hits 21011121 x— 9
. SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Schlafley, Kruger. Errors—
Schlafley, Moskiman. Miller, Reitz. Three
base hit— Hildebrand. Two-base . hits — Wal
dron. Schlafley. Moeklman, Leahy, Byrnes,
Streib. Sacrifice hits — Francks, Moskiman.
First base on errors — San Francisco 1, Oakland
1. First base on called balls — Off Jones, 3;
off Buchanan. 1. Left on bases — San Francis
co 6. Oakland 5. Struck out — By Jones. 3; by
Buchanan. 4. Hit by pitcher — Meany, Ganley.
Double plays — Reltz to Miller to Townsend,
Townsend to Miller to Leahy, Schlafley to
Francks to Streib, Wild pitch— Jonee. Time
of game — One hour and forty minutes. Um
pire — Kuston.
For a long time the contest at
Recreation Park yesterday was in
the gloomiest kind of doubt, and
no one had a line on what was due to
happen. Both teams were occasionally
tearing off a bingle and fielding for
fair. The Commuters just barely
squeezed a tally through in the sev
enth. Every one knew that was enough
to hold Henry and 'his for a while.
Score 3 to 1.
No fan could cdrnplalrr"6'f the variety
of ball passed out. Hitting there was
In plenty, with lots of bright fielding
and good pegging to bases by the
catchers. Buchanan was the steadier
pitcher with men on bases. He never
wavered, and when he did walk Irwin
in the ninth round the umpire gave him
a shade the worst of it. .
It started off like one of those ancient
battles of the bats where runs just
came streaming in. When two were
faded in the first round, Waldron land
ed one for two bags out to the score
board and Meany got a shot in the ribs.
Captain Irwin had a little hit stored
away which he produced at the right
moment, bringing Wally in.
STANDING* OF THE CLUBS.
W. L. Pet. . "W. L. Pet.
Oakland ....40 30 .571 Seattle 36 32 .f>2:>
Tacoma 40 30 .671 Ean Fran... .31 38 .449
Los Angeles.40 31 .5«3 Portland ....20 46 .303
(Pacific Coast League.)
BUCHANAX IS EFFECTIVE
One squint into the gymnasium this
morning would dissipate any idea one
might possess of , the champion's
lack of condition. For three or four
days, owing to Joe Kennedy's lame
wrist, he had not donned the gloves,
but this* morning -he -got the carpet
sweeper- out- and gave both Brother
Jack and Kennedy a thorough sweep
ing. The night before, while playing
on the opposing ball team, both of his
sparring partners incurred the dislike
of Jeff by their kicking tactics and he
promised them an enjoyable outing
next time out in the gym. He put each
through a fast four-round bout and a
horse clipper could not have performed
its work with more neatness nor dis
patch. *
Jack Jeffries had a square inch of
skin tissue removed from over one eye
and Kennedy looked as if he might
have got in range of the Japanese siege
guns planted on the heights command
ing the approaches to Port Arthur.
John Marcovich, a great friend of the
champion, dropped in from Calistoga
at this stage of the proceedings and
Jeff cut the balance of his work short.
After skipping the rope nearly 600
times, he quit and started for the
plunge. Before dinner a run down the
road completed his training for the
day.
After dinner Jeff officiated in a pig
sticking contest down at the pens. As
a result there were two porkers less
and to-morrow's guests will play
against roast pork and apple sauce,
straight, place and show.
The champion's face is beginning to
show the effects of his labor and he
says that now he must be careful and
not overdo things. After his fast
eight rounds with the gloves he scarce
ly took a long breath. Arrangements
have been made by the Jeffries camp
to leave for Oakland next Tuesday and
then the public can judge for itself
whether or not big Jim ia In condition.
HARBIN SPRINGS, June i.— If the
city sports fell for the yarn that Jim
Jeffries was in no shape and had
quietly asked for a postponement of
his contest with Jack Munroe, set
for the Mechanics' Pavilion on the
17th inst., it is the fault of no one at
this end of the line. Gullible people
can be found the wqrld over and may
be the ghost of P. T. Barnum has en
gaged in the boxing game, i
. When' 'Dick Adams, the Eddy-street
tavern-keeper and promoter, left here
last Saturday for San Francisco it
was to float his latest project. , Dick
claims to have discovered a well of
natural hot air in a huge cavern up
back of the training quarters and saw
millions in sight if it could be piped
to the city. Adams took along with
him several quicksilver flasks filled
with his discovery and his last words
as he climbed on the stage were,
'Watch me!" Dick gained some fame
as the composer of the war-time bal
lads, "When the Smoke Rolls Away,"
"Papa . Came Home Half Shot,"
"Matches, Matches, Matches," "Charge
of the Baltimore House Pipers," "Keep
My Gun in Good Repair," etc. Adams
was always a sensationalist and when
Jeff laughingly spoke of the. scare the
report ,had caused below he said, "I
wish I had a-hold of that sucker, what
a duckin' in the pond he'd get,"
Last summer, when the big fellow
was conditioning himself for his match
with Jim Corbett, there was a chance
then for a postponement. While fool
ing: with Brownie, the bear, the little
fellow sank his teeth in one of Jeff's
shins, and for a time it looked as If
there would be no. fight. This trip,
though, the bollermaker has not even
been run over by a freight train, kicked
in the face by a mule, lost an arm
monkeying around a buzz saw, blown
the shingles off his roof while out
shooting or been held up by female
road agents. In fact, he has enjoyed
a phenomenal run of luck.'.-
By F. E. Mulholland. 1
SIXTH RACE— One mile ajid twenty yards;
purse; three- year-olds and ui>:
3 to 1— Pathos, 103 (Stoval).... 4 12 16
7 to 1 — Dawson. 1O4 (Crawford) 3 8 2 2 nk
6 to 1— Sting. 106 (Perkins) 5 2 n 3 4
Time, l:47»i- . Start good. Won easily.
Winner, P. J. Nolan's ch. h. (4) by Cayuga-
Julta May. Khaki 103. Conundrum 107. Falk
land 94 and Lord Tennyson S& finished as
named.
FIFTH RACE^ — Six furlongs; puna; three
year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Jake Ward, 99 (Roach) 4 2 1VJ1 nk
7 to 1 — i.. Contrary, 94 (Stoval) 7 1 nk 'i 1
IB to 1— Cloverton. 103 (Moms) 1 8 1%8 l\b
Time. 1:18. Start good. Won riding. Win
ner, L. T. Lee & Sons* ch.* m. (4) by Long
etreet-Varasour. Rush J Ruben 104, Stump
town 103. Blissful 106, Laura. Hunter 109.
Radium 67, Duela 94, Qnanetta 97 and One
More 104 finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One mile and seventy
yards; purse; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 10— Taby Toea. 103 (Watson) 2 2 nk 1 1
7 to 2— LAician, 99 (D. Austin). 8 1 n 2 n
S to 2— D. McKenna, 108 (She'n) 13 3 34
Time, 1:60. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, S. B. Burnett's gr. g. (5) t>y " Lepremier-
Grejr Bess. .N'evtrsuch 94 also ran.
THIRD RACE — Seven furloqgs. purse, three
year-olds.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Bt. \ Flu.
Even— Juet So, 98 (D. Austin).. 6 1 1H1 nk
5 to 1— Ft Lt Favorite 96 (Stov) 7 2 3 2 6
3 to 2— Forehand, lOO'(Sheehan). 3 3 7 . 3 1«4
Time, 1:31*4. Start good. Won ridden out.
Winner, E. A. Chlnn & Co.'s ch. g. (3) by
George Kessler-Verlly. Scotch Dance 106 also
ran.
Time. :6S>£. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, W. Durker'a br. c. (2) by Grammont-
Frollesome. Annabelle Lee 95, Devino 98, Pa
cheta 66, Our Mo 101. Jardln de Paris 103,
Tommy O'Hara 96, Dotag* 106, Tbe Doctress
101, finished as named. \
SECOND RACE — Four and a haJf furlongs,
puree, two-year-olds.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
12 to 1— Degrammnt, 103 (kinds) 6 11 1 M
11 to 5— WUlowdene. 106 (Watsn) 7 3 U 2 6
6 to 1— Gar Wilson, 109 (Crawf) 3 7 6 3 14
ST. LOUIS, June 8. — The most spec
tacular race of the season at Delmar
was run to-day, when Taby, Tosa won
from Lucian and Dan McKenna, the
field finishing as named with less than
a length between? the first and last
horses. Taby kept close to the pace
maker, Lucian, and outgamed the
'field in the run home. Favorites .won
a fair share of victories. The weather
and track were fint. Rome Respess,
with, Dick Welles, Bernays, Harding
and Six Shooter, all World's Fair
handicap -entries, and eighteen other
"horses, arrived here to-day. Sum
maries:
FIRST RACE— Six | furlong*, purse, three
year-olds and upward.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 1— Uranium, 97 (Rice) 3 2 1 Ink
5 to 1 — Ethel Davis, !M (Perkns) 114 2 8
25 to 1 — Tribes. 92 (Hodges) 2 3 h 3 nk
Time, 1;1S 1 4 . Start poor. Avon driving.
Winner, 'Oneal & Kagan's br. h. (4X by Ump
llghter-Elsle B. Fanette 86, Cornelian 101,
Feby Blue 100, George Klrlan 90 Major Car
penter 83, Sharp Bird 09, Miss Guldo 99, fin
ished as named. —
Break Up Deadlock in the
Seventh With Single and
a Double by Julie Strcib
Taby Tosa Beats Lucian and
Dan McKenna in Spec
tacular Race.
Jeffries Makes It Interesting
for Brother Jack and for
Joe Kennedy.
COMMUTERS HIT
AT RIGHT TIME
Plunder Joe Yeager Makes a
Killing on Chrysitis in
Clover Stakes.
BARDOLPH, AT 50 TO 1 IN THE RING,
BEATS ASCENSION, A STRONG FAVORITE
Broadway Girl Lands the
Petite Stakes Cleverly.
for "Pa" Bradley.
GIANTS BLANK
THE CHAMPIONS
Munroe Handles Aspiring
Heavy-Weights Roughly,
Proving Hard Puncher.
"Iron Man" McGinnity Scores
His Eleventh Consecutive
Victory on Polo Grounds
JOE COKBETT A LOSEU
DETROIT. June S. — Detroit won a e> <X
game from the Bostons to-day. Winter pitched
well, but Boston could not hit Mullin after
the second inning. Attendance, 10OO. Score:
R. U. E.
Detroit r. 9 I
Boston 2 6 0
Batteries — Mullin and Bullow; Gibson, Win
ter and Crljer.
CHICAGO, June 8.— Th* features of today's
game were the great number of assists matia
by the visitors. Attendance. 2400. Score:
R. H. K.
Chicago S 10 ft
Philadelphia. 2 « I
Batteries — Owen and Sullivan; Plank, Bar
thold and Powers.
ST. LOUIS. June ».— Th* St. Louis Amer
icans defeated the Washington team here v>
day. Glade, who twirled for the locals, was
invincible and allowed only two hits. Only
two of the visitors reached third base. At- >
tendance, 320O. Score:
R. H. K.
St. Louis 12 1« «»
Washington 0 1 3
Batteries — Glade and Sugdea; Townsend and
Drill.
CLEVELAND. June 8.— Powell had CT^e
land at his mercy to-day, only three men
reaching first base. Cleveland's only run was
secured' on the lone base on balls and Hkh
muv'i two-bagger. Attendance. 25CO. Seor<*:
R. H. E.
Cleveland 1 2 2,
New York 4 11 D
Batteries — Donahue and Abbott; Powell and
McGulre.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(National League.) , (American League.)
W. L. Pet. | W. L. Pet.
New York... 2S 13 .<&»£¦ Boston 29 13 .w«»
Chicago 27 13 .675 Cleveland ..22 18 ..'.:¦»
Cincinnati ..28 15 .652; New York. ..23 17 .57:.
St. Louis 19 20 .4!*7; Chicago 2S 19 .5<M
PitUburg ...19 22 .4(54 Philadelphia 22 19 .."¦¦.¦.
Brooklyn 18 20 .40!*. St. Louis S»> 13 .31.".
Boston ltt 24 .40O Detroit 14 2S .:!.'.<>
Philadelphia. S 3t> .212 Washington . 7 33 .173
(NATIONAL. LEAGUE.)
NEW YORK, June 8.— Although
New York made only three hits off
Philllppi, the locals beat the Pitt3burg
team. McGinnlty was well supported
| and Bowerman's timely hits were re
sponsible for the "Iron Mana"
; eleventh consecutive victory. Attend
ance, 6000. Score:
R. H. E.
Plttsburff 0 T 4
New York 3 3 1
Batteries — Philllppi and Phelps: McGinnlty
and Warner. Umpires— Emslie and ODay.
PHILADELPHIA. June 8.— Fraser's steady
box work and timely hitting by Lusn enabled
Philadelphia to defeat St. ' Louis to-day. Cor
bett was well supported, but his lack of con
trol was costly, three of the four passes result
ing in runs.. Attendance, 1300. Score:
n. u. e.
St. Louis 3 S •
Philadelphia 4 S 1
Batteries — Corbett and Grady; Fraser and
Dooia. Umpire — Mans.
BROOKLYN. June 8.— By defeating Chicago
to-day Hanlon's men helped the New Yorka»:o
first place In the pennant race. The local.<i
played an errorless game, while Poole kept
the hits of the visitors well scattered. Attend
ance, 2000. Score:
. n. h. e.
Chicago 18 2
Brooklyn 5 8 O
Batteries — Wicker. Brown and Kling; Pool*
and Bergen. Umpire — Zimmer.
BOSTON, June 8. — Boston won an extra in
ning game to-day by bunching hits, with Cin
cinnati's misplays, after loose fielding had ap
parently given the visitors a safe lead. Willie
was wild and gave a run by a balk. Attend
ance, 1400. Score:
R. H. K.
Boston 6 11 4
Cincinnati 5 7 *
Batteries— Willis and Needham; Elliott. Kel
lum, and Schlel.
Jack Munroe proved . himself a
wicked puncher yesterday afternoon
in his work at the Beach Gymnasium
and it was the opinion of the spec
tators that if he exchanges blows with
Jeffries the people in Mechanics' Pa
vilion on the 17th instant will see the
greatest championship contest ever de
cided here.
Trainer in Chief Tim McGrath had
a string of aspiring heavy-weights to
be tried out yesterday and the man
from Butte went down the line in
short order. On the previous day
Manasso, the man who looks like
Jeffries, was given some love taps
which satisfied him that hewvas not
to be the successor of Je/TrTes. He
did not return yesterday. It is ex
pected there will be some more ab
sentees when the roll is called this
afternoon. Olin Sullivan was the first
victim. He started at a fast clip, but
Munroe soon took all the fight out of
him. Ivan McDonald was next on the
list and lasted less than a minute when
Tim McGrath called time. Joe Long
went down from a slight blow on the
body which showed Munroe's great
strength. Jack Sullivan. Andy Galla
gher and Frank Rafael also had on
the gloves. Gallagher and Rafael
took Munroe a fast boxing clip, but
he was ready for anything they had.
Munroe shows marked improvement
in his style of boxing. He blocks well,
hits a true blow and seems never off
his balance. . He 1b always set and can
hit from any position. He is built very
much on the lines of Young Corbett
and his muscles are not prominent.
He' never let up .in his gymnasium
work, going from the punching bag to
the swinging bag and then down the
line of the boxers without a rest. He
perspires freely and his flesh has a
ruddy, Kealthy appearance. His nose
is badly skinned as the result of some
rough work. As he will not. box for
three days before the tight, these slight
wounds will heal readily.
Owing to the crush of visitors at the
training quarters, an admission fee of
50 cents is exacted. This has not had
a deterring effect on the attendance,
the gymnasium being packed to its ca
pacity each afternoon.
Harry Pollock. Munroe's manager,
left Chicago on Tuesday night and is
due in. this city to-morrow.
CORBETT MAY FIGHT NELSON.
He Apparently Intends to Violate the
Agreement With Britt.
From present appearances Young Corbett
does not intend to abide by the agreement
signed by his manager binding him not to
appear in a fight until he meets Jimmy Britt.
Negotiations are pending for a fight here next
month with Battling Nel?on.
Corbett Is quoted as saying in >»"•¦*• York
that he will meet any man of his weight
In the world regardless • of any articles Britt
may hold. • .
Manager Teddy Murphy has a number of
other offers for Nelson. The chief one Is
with Jimmy Briggs at Detroit on July 25.
Herrera and Yariger are to fight at Butts
on 'Miners' Union day. Louis Long and Jack
Clifford will nirnish the preliminary. Santry
and Long are to meet in Salt Lake early In
July.
Joe Boyle, matchmaker of the Dawson Ath
letic Association, has arranged a good match
for July 4. with the assistance of Harry Cor
bett. He has secure* Joe Mlllett and Billy
Woods to fight twenty rounds. The boxers
will leave at once for the north. Manager
Biddy Biehop will handle Woods.
Lincoln Club Boxing.
The monthly amateur boxing conteats of
the Lincoln Club will be held at Mechanics'
Pavilion Annex to-morrow night. Six bouts
are on the list. -Jo* Thomas and Bonar Wilt
will mix It In the main event. The remainder
of the programme is made up of well-known
amateur boxers. Milton Hares will do the
refereelng.
TEACHES MEN WHO HANG
JURIES A SHARP UESSON
Judge Gesford Marks His Displeasure
In a Way That Will Bring
Them to Time.
"Mr. Sheriff, you will see that those
men are properly cared for during the
night and if they are ready to bring
in a verdict by 10 o'clock to-morrow
morning I shall be prepared to receive
it. Counsel is excused till the same
time." . )
Judge Gesf ord ¦ of Napa, who Is sit
ting in Judge Cook's court, gave these
orders at 5 o'clock yesterday after
noon, when it was made plain to him
that the jury In the case of John Pry
or. charged with burglary, was in
clined to disagree. The case was tried
yesterday and the Jury retired about
3 o'clock to consider the verdict, but
had not come to an agreement at 5
o'clock. Pryor is charged with enter
ing' the room of Ross Varnum at 18
Ellis street by means of the window
on the morning of January 1.
The Judge's action was caused by
the failure of the Jury in the case of
Henry Peterson, tried for burglary on
Tuesday, to agree, although it was
shown that the proprietor of the res
taurant entered had caught Peterson
in the act and had been knocked
senseless by a blow from an iron bar.
Under Sheriff Secures Witnesses.
Under Sheriff William D. Hynes re
turned yesterday from Quartz Valley,
•where he went to bring back Mr. and
Mrs. Rose Barnum to testify as wit
nesses in the trial of John Pryor, who
is charged with burglary in having en
tered the room of the couple at 18 Ellis
street last December. The presence
of the Bamums was necessary to in
sure Pryor's conviction. Hynes had
to travel over forty miles of rocky
roads' to serve the summons on the
Barnums and was glad to get back.
ROSE, THE GIANT ATHLETE,
WILL. COME TO STANFORD
World's Greatest Shotputtcr Says
There Are Too Many Knockers at
the University of Michigan.
ANN ARBOR. Mich., June 8. — The
University of Michigan will be minus
one star athleto when the time comes
for indoor training to begin next fall
if the statement made to-day by Ralph
Rose, the phenomenon of the year In
college athletics, is made good, as It
gives every reason of being.
"I will not come back to Michigan
next year." Rose stated. "There are
too many knockers around. I have
been talking with Stanford men who
were- at Chicago and I know what to
expect at the Palo Alto school. It Is
good enough .for me. If I come East
next year. It will be as a member of
the Stanford team."
Ambition in a pipe dream preceded by
a horrible nightmare and followed by
a rude awakening" when the pipe goes
out.
HEAVY-WEIGHT BOXERS
DON THE BIG GLOVES
RIVAL FIGHTERS ARE IN THE MIDST OF THEIR HEAVIEST TRAINING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', , THURSDAY, /JUNE 9, 1904. /
BABT FOUND • IN TUB HAY— A new born
babe was found floating, wrapped In a - news
paper. In the bay off Fishermen's wharf -last
night. The child was a male and the police
have no clew : on which to . work to ' ascertain
how It came to be there. -
SOLDIERS MAKE DISTURBANCE— A re
"ft.'Tf " ent to the Park Po»ce station, last
nlgnt that a number of Intoxicated . soldiers
were running riot near the Cllir House. - Sta
tion Keeper McOovern Immediately dispatched
a squad of officers to the scene, but they ar
rived to ascertain that no damage hftd been
done and that the soldiers haa -taken, cars for
the Presidio. - ¦ ¦ - ¦ ,
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
tgf^L^ro^THE BLOOD
The best known and most popular blood purifier
S&tt^&S&s and tonic on the market to-day is S. S. S.
, % Thtre is hardly a man, woman or child in America who
has not heard of "S. S. S. for the blood." It is a standard remedy and
specific for all blood troubles and an unequaled spring tonic and appetizer
S. S. S. is guaranteed purely vegetable, the herbs and roots of which it is
composed bang selected for their alterative and tonic properties, making it
the ideal remedy for all blood
and skin diseases, as it not e »J![ o Ji r J S'A* 8^ 1 J? m r < ? pin i Ion ' 1 " M A 00 ! 1 am * di "
, ./• j- • A vv cine as can be bad: it simply cannot DeimproTed
only purifies and invigorates upon as a remedy to enrich the blood and to in-
the blood, bat at the same w5°I a it a ? d i on^ U T PtheBy * t^ m - T , hlB> P rln « m 3 r
Wtonesupthetired nerves
and strengthens the general %5$^J& &- n^tt^J&£&
System. Am flreman for a Urge concern here, and if I was
For Chronic Sores and Ul- ' 22l. 1 fti.R£* J&tfgW 2? ndi " oa " 'Z** 1 ! *• 1°*-
cers. Catarrh. Rheumatism. Sft%S»ft^Vd?»A&ftM^fi
Blood Poison. Malaria. Ana- th |?E*&» ft^SJ- ;. rJ ™ s vax d*s.
mia. Eczema, Psoriasis, Salt ««¦•,««>.
Rhenm. Tetter, Acne, and such other diseases as are due to a polluted or Im-
poverished condition of the blood, nothing acts so promptly and effectually,
as S. S. S. It counteracts and eradicates the germs and poisons ; cleanses
the system of all unhealthy accumulations, and soon restores the patient to
health. If you need medical advice write us about your case, and your letter
will receive prompt attention from our physicians, for which no charge is
Gxadc • THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, CA.
DR. 0. C. JOSLEN
The Leading Specialist
The serious resulu that may fol-
low neglect of contracted diseaoea
could scarcely be exaggerated. J
Safety demands an absolute their- 5
* ougb cure in the least possible
time. I have treated more cases ¦
of contracted disorders than any i
other physician on the Pacific
Coast. My cures are thorough and
are accomplished in less time than f
other forms of treatment required f
In producing even doubtful results.
I employ remedies of my own de-
vising and my treatment is equal-
ly effective ia bctb recent and
chronic cases
"WEAKNESS"
My cures of thl« disorder are
permanent and lasting. No tonics
that stimulate temporarily, but
thoroughly scientific treatment for
tha removal of conditions respons- *
Ible for the functional derange-
ment. "Weakness" Is merely a
¦ymptom of inflammation or <-on-
-geMlon of the prostate gland and
under my own original local treat- ;¦
ment thts gland is promptly re- I
duced to It* normal state and com-
pU-te functional activity is the last-
ing result.
O : O
. I cure S»tTin*torraea,
Contracted Disorders, Varl-
cocele, Stricture. Pile*. Spe-
clflc * Blood Polaoa, JteHax
AUmcnts, etc. Consultation
and »<!»•*.«.» free. Send fox
my copyrighted pamphlet,
M xa*e All Tonr Tears a
Man" -"'en Instructive treat-
ise oa men's aliments. Sfo
afillcted man should tie
without it. ,
O O
r>
My fees are fair; myT
cures are permanent, and I
yen can pay when satisfied I
that you are well. i
— — : °
DR. 0. C. JOSLEN |
Corner Market and Xeamy Sts.
Private Kntrance. 702 Market st. >
Office Hours — 0 «. ni. to 4:30 ,*
p. m. and H:ra» to 9:30 p. m. 9un- .
<Uy«, 10 to 1 only. *Under the direction ot Captain T. D. E.
W'tlson stevedores worked all of Tuesday night
dlBcharglns freight from the »team*hip Algoa,
which etruck the rocks off Point Bonlta Tues
day morning and narrowly escaped total de
struction. With the taking out of the cargo It
was revealed that more damage had been sus
tained than Tuesday'* superficial examination
showed. In the lower hold twelve feet of wa
ter was found and it Is thought that 1500 tons
cf merchandise have been damaged in conse
quence. The Pacific Mall Company at prea-
Much of Algoa's Cargo Damaged.
The schooner sighted off the Farallones Tues
day afternoon flying signals of distress proved
to be the Antelope, Captain Cuthrell, out three
days from Coquille River. The tug Sea Rover,
which waa dispatched to her assistance, towed
the disabled schooner Into port early yesterday
morning. Captain Cuthreil reports that June 6
at 10 a m.. when fifteen miles north of the
Farallones, the Antelope, was caught in a
northwest gale, during which she sprung a leak
over which the pumps had no control. She waa
loaded with lumber and could not sink. To add
to the woe« of those on board, however the
rudder was carried away and the vessel be
came unmanageable. Part of her deck load
washed away and for thirty hours the crew'a
plight was perilous In the extreme. The loos
ened and ever dwindling deck, load increased
the difficulties of the situation, but all hands
stayed with the fight until help arrived. The
Rover took off the cold, tired and hungry aall
oxh,- housed and fed them and brought their
battered, craft safely to port, where It is now
tied up at the end of Green-street wharf.
Wnter-Ijosged Off Farallones. »
Solarr Sails for Manila.
HONOLULU. June 1.— The nai-at transport
Solace, which has been in port here for some
4ays. railed this afternoon for Manila, via
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, June t.
StmV Geo W Elder. Randall. 57 hours from
Portland, via Aatorla 47 hours.
Stmr Chico. Martin. JO hours from Portland,
via Astoria 72 hours.
Htmr Mineola, Klrkwood. 83 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr V A Kilburn. Jahjisen, 7 hours from
Port Rodger*.
Stmr Kavarro. Weber, 47 hours from Alca
trai Landing: bound to Wentuort; put in on
account of bMngr short of coal.
Stmr Whlteelmro. Olsen, 13 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Newbunc. Andrcsen, 65 hours from
Graya Harbor.
Strar laqua, Jorsenson, 22 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Maggl*. Coming. 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Ktmr Asuncion, BrMgett. 20 hours from Port
Harford.
Btmr Phoenix, Odland, 29 hours from
Eureka.
Schr Anteloc*, Cuthrell, 4 days from Co
quille River.
fc>ohr Conflanza. Johnson, 2 days from Nort
leys Landing, via Santa Cruz 20 hours.
h-.-hr P H Red field. Hut ton, 3 1 ,, days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Challenger. Anderson, 8Vi day« from
Port Hadlock.
/ CLEARED.
Wednesday, June 8. j
Stmr Valencia. Lloyd, Nome, via Seattle;
Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Stmr lAelanaw. Monroe, St Michaels, via
Nome: Northern Commercial Company.
. Stmr Centejlnlal. Strand, Seattle; E T Kruee.
! 'Ktmr Etste of California. Nicolscn, San Di
ego and way sorts; Pacific Coast Steamship
Company. -
SAILED.
; ? : v * .. Wednesday. June 8.
Br «tmr Caithness, Atkinson, Victoria.
Stmr F A Kilburn. Jahns<>n. Port Rodgere. ¦
Stmr Macgie, Corning. Halfmoon Bay.
Stror Benlta. Preble. San Pedro.
Stmr Jtavarrro, Weber, WeMnort.
Stmr Arctic, Nelson, Eureka. 'V' *
tHmr Valencia, Lloyd, Seattle and Nome.
8tmr Leelacaw. Monroe, 8t Michaels, via
Nome:
Stmr San Mateo; Roes, Tacoma. -
Stmr Argo, Dunham. Eel Rtv«r.
Stmr Greenwood. Walvljr, , Albion. /
Ftmr Centennial. Strand, Seattle.
Stmr Breakwater. Seaman, Coo« Bay.
Ship Snartan. Fer»m. Whatcom.
- Bktn Irmgard, Schmidt, Honolulu.
Schr William Renton. Bruce, Portland.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Gibson, Bollruts.
Bchr. Mary C. Campbell, Bodega. .
Bcbr Uerwlck Jacobaon. Rogue River,
Shipping Intelligence.
Charters.
The latest lumber charters reported are:
Schooner Blakeley <at Blakeley). thence to
West Coast; bark Prucsle (also at Blakeley),
thence to Manila; ship Governor Roble, from
Pugtt Sound to Cape Town or Dtlagoa Bay.
A cablegram rece|\-e<l yesterday from Lon
don tirs "a JetUr dated April £S reeflved h«re
from Albercl. B. C, statc« that the British
thip UmcrM, from Tacoma for Qneenstown.
was totally wrecked outside Ucluclet probably
on Starlight Retf. No lives eaved ais far a*
known. Wreck Is eupnostd to have occurred
few dajs prior to March 22." The Lamorna.
whlrh has been locked upon as loet since the
finding of wreckage from h»r along the Van
couver ooaei. and which was «juoted for rein
surance at 00 per cent, was ported yesterday
as uniRsurable. The vens«-ls rtlll on the re
insurance list are quoted as follows: Laura.
*"> r*T ctnt; Leyland Brot., 50 per cent;
¦Crown n{ Germany. 10 per cent; «nd Jute
ripolls. Wynford. Queen Elizabeth. La Roche
fouceld. Largo Law and Willy Rickmers.
ljimorna Unlnsurablo.
Dr. R. B. Ironcs, nurgeon of the steamship
Coptic, has severed his connection with the
Occidental and Oriental Steamship Company
and will spend the next year making a tour
of Europe with his mother. Dr. Ironeg has
been in the O. and O. service for about three
years tnd made many friends among the hun
dreds of paifsengers to whose need* he has
administered.
Dr. Irone* Itcsigus.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
Elizabeth Coquille River June 9
Czarina Coos Bay June 9
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. 'June 9
Santa Rosa... San D!»go & Way Pts. June 0
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. June 9
Chehalls San Pedro June 9
. O. Dollar Grays Harbor June 10
Eureka Humboldt June 10
City Para New York via Panama, June 10
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports June 10
Corona Humboldt June 10
En'erprise Hilo .*. June 11
Nebraskan... New York June 12
North Fork... | Humboldt June 12
Centralja j San Pedro- June 12
Argo I Eel River Ports June 12
Jeanie | Seattle & Tacoma June 13
Columbia Portland & Astoria June 13
Bonlta Newport * Way Torts. June 13
Pomona V. Humboidt I June 13
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. June 13
Wyefleld Nanalmo June 13
DelNorte.... Crescent City June 13
S.Barbara... San Pedro June 13
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. June 14
Porno.' 4 Point Arena & Albion. June 14
Umatllla 1 1'URet Sound PorM.... June 15
San J one New York via Panama. June 15
<t. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria June IS
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma June 19
Alliance Portland A Way Port? June 19
Luxor.. '. Hamburg Sc Way Ports! June 20
Queen......... Puget Sound Ports 'June "0
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Jnae 9. (
Rainier Seattle & Bellnghm 4 pm Pier 10
fv.G.uoia Wlllapa Harbor 12 m Pier 20
Chehalls.;.. Grays Harbor 3 pm I Pier 2
Arcatn Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 10 amIPIer 13
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor B pmjPlfr lti
State of Cal Pan Diego & Way. 0 amiPler 11
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
C Nelson... Nome & Teller 4 pm Pier 20
Pomona Humboldt ¦. l:3opPier 9
J Hlgglna.. Los Angeles Ports. 11 am Pier 2
June 10.
Chjeo Astoria A Portland B pm Pier 2
iHoua I Humboldt 2 pm Pier " 2
Jane 11.
Elizabeth... Coquille River .... 10 am Pier 20
Aure'.la Astoria & Portland 4 pm Pier 2
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Siberia China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Newport.... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Pt. Arena... Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Newburg... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Jane 19*
Eureka . Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Santa Rosa. San Diego «: Way. 9 am Pier 11
Centraiia. • • Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Corona./C... Humboldt l:30pPicr 9
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
. Jane 13.
S. Barbara.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
. June 14.
Xrgo.. Eel River Porta... 4 pm Pier 2
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 an Pier 9
. \ June 15.
North Fork. Humboldt S pm Pier 20
June 16.
Dr.nita...... Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Ventura.... Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
Jeauie : . . . . Seattle & Tacoma. 6 pm Pier 20
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 21
June 18.'
City Peking- N. Y. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
June 19. -
UmaUUa... Puaet Sound Ports. 11 am Pier .9
" FROM SEATTLE.
' Steamer. For., J Salli.
Huroooldt.... Skagway A Way Ports. June 10
Bertha Valdes & Way Ports. .June 10
Tamplco...... Nome & St. Michael..; June 12
AIki .."... Skagway & Way Ports. June 13
Chas. Nelson. Nome & Teller........ June. 12
" Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Porta. June 13
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. June 14
Valencia..... Nome June 14
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. June 15
Santa Ana. . . . Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. June 16.
Dtrlgo... Skagway & Way Ports. Juno 1$
SPOKEN.
Junf; 4 — O.T Wattllns Island, stmr Yucatan,
from '.New -York, for Colon.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOnoy. June 8. 10 D m— Weather
hazy: wind NW: velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA— Arrived June 8 — Stmr Whlttier.
htnee June 3; »tmr Geo I^oonila, hence June i;
f-tmr Columbia, hence Juno •¦.
Sailed Jvne ri — Pchr Transit, for San Pedro.
TATOOSH— Pa«ed In June H— HUtn J M
Griffiths, hence May 25 for Port Hadlock.
I'assfd out June »— f?r fchln County of Lln
lltbgow, from Port Townsend. for Callao;
I sclir Queen, from' Port Gamble, for San F'ran
i clsoo.
SEATTLE — Arrived June S— Stmr Hum
boldt. from Skasway.
s-alled June H — Stmr Farallon, for Skagway;
stnij' Jcanle. for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— .Arrived Juno S— Stmr Ameri
can, from N<w York.
RKDONDO— Arrived June S— Stmr Santa
Uaibara. h^nc? June 6; stmr Centmlia, from
Santa Barbara.
KUItEKA — Arrived June S — Stmr South Uay,
hence Jun* 1 6: stmr Manflalay. hence June 0;
ftmr Prentl««i hence June 0.
Paused north June, x — I T S stmr Madrona.
Arrived June 8 — Stmr lOureka, hence June 7.
VENTURA — Sailed June S — Hchr Fanny Du
tarrt. for Gray? Harbor.
IIOQt'IAM— Arrived June 8— Stmr Olympic,
hence June 6.
PORT I.OS ANGELES- Arrived June 8 —
Nor stmr Terje V'lken. from Mojl.
SOUTH BEN'D— Sailed Jun.- S — Schr James
H !Jruce. for San Pedro.
SANTA BARBARA— Called June S— Stmr
Coos Hay. for San Francisco; stmr Santa Rosa,
for Ran Franclnco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June S— Hchr A M
Raxter. from Grain Harbor; stmr <'hchalis,
from t-anta Barbara; stmr San Gabrlol, from
Eureka.
Sailed June 8 — Stmr/Chchalis, for San- Fran
cisco; schr Annie Lars;n. for Tacoma.
GRAYS HARIIOR— Sailed Juno 8— Schr Sau
gallto. for Can Francisco.
Arrived June H — Stmr Olymr'lc hence June 5.
KORT BRAGG— Sailed June S— Stmr James
S Hlj-fins for Redondo.
ABERDEEN- t-ailed June 8— Stmr Grace
Dollar, for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Arrived June 8— U R »tmr
Sh-ridan, hence June 1; bark Edward May,
hence May itt.
Arrlvfd June 8 — Ship Marlon Chllcott, 1 hence
May 21 ; nchr /'Aloha, hence May 25.
Sailed June S— U S frtmr Thetis, for cruise;
Br stmr Doric, for China and Japan.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived June S— Stmr Segu
ranca. from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CALLAO — Arrived June 5— Gcr ehlo Alstsr
nlxe, from Tacoma.
LIZARD— Paraed June 7— Fr bark MacMa
hon. hence Jan 27 for Queensiown.
DUNGENES8— Pa!"fed June 7— Ft ship Blar
rltr. from Shields, for San Francisco.
GIBRALTAR— Passed June 7— Kr etrar Ty
deux. from Tacoma, for Llvtrwo!.
ANTOFOOASTA — Hailed June «— Br ship
River Tailoch, for Philadelphia.
HONGKONG— Hailed May 22— Br stmr In
drapura, for Shanghai.
MOJI — Arrived May 23 — Br stmr Tottenham,
from Shanghai. /
Sailed June 7 — Br stmr Tottenham, for Port
Los Aneele*.
NEWCASTLE. AUS — Arrived May 25— Br
ship County of Inverness, from Algoa Bay; to
load for Han Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June 6— Fr bark
Jean, for GrUmby.
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived June 4— Schr
Eric hence May 19-
ANTWERP— Sailed June 8— Br ship Gre
nada, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived June 8— Stmr Aur
anla. from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 8— Stmr Oce
ante, from New York.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low aWters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by -official authority of the
Superintendent. .
NOTE — The high and low -waters occur at
the city front (Mission -street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of. tide Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, JUNE~b! *
8un rise* 4:47.
Bun seta • ••• 7:.1i>'
Moon rinea 2:00 a. m.
O |Ttme| ITimel Time Time
* I r.l Ft. I 1 Ft. Ft. Ft.
g IL W| lH.WJ L W )h W
~9 27l4 1.2 8:44 3.8 1:42 2.2 8:1« 5.4
10 2:56 0.8 9:41 4.0 2:30 2.4 8:60 6.6
11 8:37 0.0 10:33 «.2 3:14 2.0 9:24 5.S
12 4:18—0.5 11:22 "4,4 3:55 2.8 10:02 6.0
13 5:00— 0.S 12:10 4.6 4:40 2.8 10:44 e.O
14 B;44— 1.0 12:57 4.6 P:29 2.8|U:2S CO
NOTE— In the above expoaitlon of the tides
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Movements of Steamers.
The Time Hall on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
i e at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m Greenwich time. J. C. BU-RNBTT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
Time Unll.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
June S. 1604.
J Ambrose. Judge H. C. Bates, E. Baum
gartner. G. H. Bohner, Judge A. C. Carson,
Mre J Edgar Corllce, Rev. J. D. Davis.
Mm J. D. Davis, Master J. D. Da
vls Jr.. Master L. Davis. F. \V. Deai.
C O. Dennis. G. H. Drummond. H. C.
KhrenfcU. P. H. Fillmore. Captain Forteath.
Mr«. Forteath and child. Mls» Forteath. M.
Gallagher H. B. Goodwin. Miss E5. L. Gray,
MUs Hanlc«stle. Mrs. Harold, Master Quy
Harold. Mlbe B. Harold. K. W. Htrtford, Rev.
F. S. Hatrh, Captain R. Kilbee-Stuart, Mrs.
R. Kilbee-Htuart, S. Koial and servant. H. F.
Lyon, Dr. N. Macleod. Mrs. N. M«c
leod, Ml»» Msxleod, Ml*s A. 13. Mac
leod. M. Mitranaml, Ml«« Maya Das.
Miss Dora. M. Maya Dan. Mrs. McCarte*. H.
A. McCee. Mrs. H. A. McGe«, P. Menrel. M.
Mirhand. Mrs. Mllliken, Miss E. P. Milliken,
C. Montbaron,' Mm. Moorehead Miss Moore
h«!ad, H. I. Priestly. Mrs. H. I. PrlesUy. A. G.
Prince, T. C. ReisSer, Rev. James P. Rlch
ardaon, Mrs. James P. Richardson and infant,
Marter Robert Richardson, Mies Beatrice Rich
ardson. Miss Agnes Rlchard«on. Mrs. F.
Rlnxer, W. A. 81m«, A. V. Smith, J. 8.
fimoyer: J. S. Stanley, deputy collector Manila;
B. L. Ptcner. J. M. Swltzer, A. W. TOrklngtO",
Judg-e O. Trent. R. A. Van Sante. J. Howard
Wright, Mr*. J. Howard Wright, J." Dunbar
Wright. .Miss K. Young.
From Honolulu— Mrs. Carrie Riggs, Toney
C. Afonr. Chun Wing Sen Afong. Alden W.
Jackson, Dr. J. Hundhansen.
The Coptic brought more passengers
than any c-f the smaller oriental liners
coming this way has carried in some
time. Homeward bound vessels will
be crowded, it Is said, for some time,
many business men coming home to es
cape the heat. When the Coptic left
Hongkong the demand for accommoda
tions was In excess of the available
space.
The Coptic's passengers Included the
following named:
Viscount T. Torii of Japan was a
passenger as far as Honolulu. He will
visit this country before returning to
Japan. Among the passengers who
arrived here yesterday was Mrs. Fred
Ringer of Nagasaki. Mrs. Ringer's
husband is a member of the firm cf
Holme, Ringer & Co. She is going to
Europe, making the trip for her health.
Captain Forteath and Captain R.
Kilbee-Stuart. both of the British
army, were passengers on th.e liner.
They .have been on duty in the Far
East and are returning to England on
leave of absence. There were several
missionaries among the Coptic's pas
sengers, which fact, according to the
sailors, accounted for the head winds
encountered coming up from Hono
lulu. |
The Occidental and Oriental Steam
ship Company's liner Co-ptk-, Captain
Armstrong, which arrived from the
Orient late Tuesday night, passed quar
antine after sunrise yesterday morn
ing and was alongside the Pacific Mail
wharf by 7 o'clock. The Coptic brought
about 80 cabin passengers, "27 steerage
and a large number of Japanese in
the Asiatic steerage. She brought 2201
tons of freight, which Included Japan
ese gold yen valued at $3,000,000. This
is said to- be the second largest single
shipment of gold ever sent out of
Yokohama. Her cargo included 5010
boxes of tea, 2467 bales of hemp. 641
bales of gunnies, 192 bales of raw silk.
143 bales silk soods and 100 bags of
coffee. Fine weather prevailed be
tween Hongkong and Honolulu. From
the island port to Fan Francisco the
Coptic bucked strong head winds.
Gold and silver medals were presented yes
terday to the otflcers and crtw who were on
the eteam^'hip Queen February 27, and who on
that date saved the vessel and the lives of
those on board from destruction by fire.' In
presenting these tokens the Pacific Coast
gteamihlp Company made oiflcistl recognition
of the gallant service rendered by sixty-setfen
biave men. The (Tnedals, handsome as they
ar, are not Intended as Intrinsic return for
value received, but as u permanent token of
the company's appreciation, and as such every
man that yesterday received one is to-day
wearing It with prld*. The insurance com
panies will probably follow In the company's
footstep? before the new Queen has made
many trips.
pnt ha* it* hands full of trouble to overflowing.
The Algoa is at Grecnwleh-Ktreet wharf, being
discharged under full pressure. The City of
Peking is unloading coffee at the seawall. At
the Mall dock the Siberia and Newport are br
ing made ready tu go to sea on Saturday.
Much of the cargo to be carried by the Siberia
consiFtfi cf heavy pieces of railroad equipment,
and the service* of an army of men are neces
sary to the placing of them on board without
damaging the veseel or injuring, the freight.
On top of all this the Coptic docked yesterday
with ir.ur • than -'«j" tons of miscellaneous
freight. If the »h!ps were all at one dock the
problem wuuld be Hufficlently difficult, but
with three vewdl at one end of the water
front ard tw , at the othi-r. •tavadon* and su
perintendents are "up agalnxt It" to an extent
unusual In times of Industrial peace.
Meduls Are Distributed.
the early morning tides are glvrn In the left
hand column and the *ucces?ive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. txeept when there are but three tides, as
•sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
• ddition to tb? soundlr.gs of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
algn precedfs the height, and then the number
piven i* subtracted from the depth g'.ven by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
WATERLOGGED SCHOOXKH ANTELOPE, WHICH WAR PICKED UP ON TUESDAY BY THE T(O HKA ItOVKil OFr THK FAK
ALIjONES AFTER THIRTY HOURS IN AN UNMANAHKABLE CONDITION. THE VESSEL, HAVING BEEN UENDEUED
i HELPLESS BY DAMAGE SUSTAINED DURING A NORTHWEST GALE.
OMAHA. Neb.. June 8.— Judge Hunger of
the United States Circuit Court to-day re
manded back to the Supreme Court of Xe
hrarka the case cf the Farmers' Grain and
Elevator Company of Virginia. Nebraska,
against the Kansas City and Northwestern
(Missouri Paciftc) Railroad Company.
The suit was one to compel the railroad
company to iierrr.it the plaintiffs to build an
elevator on its right of way, or to build a
Hiding. It whs brought under the Ramsey
elevator law of this State. The railroad com
pany contended that as it was a • foreign cor
poration the State court had no Jurisdiction.
The csse was argued in May.
Score an Important Point in Suit
Hi-ought Under the Ilamsey
Elevator Law.
NEBRASKA FARMERS
VICTORIOUS IX COURT
NEW YORK. June 8.— Mrs. Hannah
Ellas, who was arrested last night,
charged with extortion by John R.
Platt, was arraigned to-day and held in
550,000 bail for examination next Fri
day. Bail was not given and she was
committed to the Tombs prison.
When the prisoner was taken from
her cell to a cab, In which she was ta
ken to the Tombs Court, she was met
by a jeering crowd, which filled the
street around the police station. De
tectives, assisted by several patrol
men, cleared a passage and the car
riage continued to the court.
Justice Clarke, in the Supreme Court,
this afternoon issued a writ of habeas
corpus for Mrs. Elias, returnable to
morrow.
Dollars.
at Fifty Thousand
Court Fixes the Mulatto Woman's Bail
MRS. HAXNAH ELIAS
HELD IX THE TOMBS
I stand by my testimony," said Ste
vens, who added that Wilson's bill for
the celebration was between $64 and
$74. In addition to treating the petty
officer?, he had ordered a pint bottle of
beer s*nt to each of the sailors. Sec
ond Mate J. H. Thompson drank only
ginger ale.
Sullivan, In denial of the captain's
t harge concerning the speed at which
the Fhip was driven, said that J. W.
Taylor, the third officer, had conveyed
to him an order from the captain to
run at fifty-four revolutions per min
ute.
This statement the captain de
nounced as a falsehood.
The case was taken under advise
ment.
ALL WERE CELEBRATING.
"Were you drunk, too?" asked In
sj^ector Bulger of Stevens.
'I was the same as the rest of them;
I was celebrating the wedding."
Here Chief Engineer Sullivan broke
:n with a denial that he had drunk anv
highballs and repeated that he had
' onsumed fourteen bottles of ginger
»\- and nothing stronger.
"Thoy were all so drunk." added the
v.kness. " that they couldn't navigate
around."
The crowd left the room on Sunday
r.iurning and took a nap, he said, re
turninr later, when they remained un
til about 1 p. m. On the last occasion
they "braced up" with a bottle of gin
made into fizzes. On Sunday afternoon
the captain and the purser gave orders
that no more liquor should be issued
so the men. The steamer sailed from
•San Jose that night and was wrecked
<>n the following morning.
stronger flowed in the storekeeper's
room. The liquids were champagne,
whisky, beer, ginger ale. and. he
thought, Na:a soda. Wilson opened
the ball by drinking a glass of chain
1 apne. The orgie began at 9:30 in the
evening: end continued all night, except
that Wilson left after his first glass of
nine. Chief Engineer Sullivan, said
Steven*, was there "off and on." all
r.ight. He drank highballs of ginger
ale and whisky. The purser and stew
ard appeared to the witness to be
•full."
dered it. 1 didn't pay for it and I
didn't have it chargred. for I never had
a wine bi!l with the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company in my life."
This statement was flatly contradict
ed by H. Cl. Stevens, the storekeeper.
He cvorvj that on Saturday night.
April ?. while the ship was lying at
Sap Jose, First Mate J. Wilson was
married, and that at Mr. Wilson's or
(it-r and expense wine and something
"'The charge that I was drinking 1 is
a:, infainvms lie," said Sullivan, with
v armth. "I never drink liquor at any
time, and on the night in Question I
•Hark fourteen bottles of ginger ale.
On Sunday 1 drank a glass of red
wine at dinner. I don't know who or-
SIM J VAN'S DENIAL.
i* wharf at .V45 a. m. At 5:25 a. m. it was
¦.ijIiKht, and at tzVi a. m., when the chip
¦track, it wbk three and three-quarter miles
*«>t or Acajutla \vh«rf by my reikonlnjr. In
ma4 cf that, the ship wa.g seven miles ahead
u; j»-akunir.E by wheel.
:::*. the f.is-t »>ffioer havir.g ordered the Btore
koeper to ;urr.;j>h witie at lu* ea;i>or.*t. At 8
I m.. Anril 10. jn front of the purser'* room. I
i>l.l the thief engineer to make forty-seven
i • -volution? r>cr n.inute. which, was equivalent
¦ '• "'Kill end four-ieath miles per hour. Th^s
t. oulii have btVOSM th* si-.ip abreast of Acajut-
Did Chief Knjrinoer \V. D. E. Sullivan
of the fH-fated strainship Colon drink
fourteen strall bottles of ginger ale or
did he drink fourteen highballs of gin
ger ale and whisky? This is the prob
lem that is now engaging the attention
of T'nited States Local Inspectors
Holies and Bulser.
The Colon went on a reef on the
taornir.g of April 11 off Point Remedios.
<>n the Central American coa»t. At the
time she struck she was four and one
half miles ahead of her log and her
master. Captain William A. Irvine. At
the investigation held yesterday. Cap
lain Irvine died the following charges:
I charge Mr. Puliivan, chief engineer of the
late steamship Cc.oc, *'.th making at lta?t
four revdutlot.s per minute more than I or
dered, thereby reusing the loss of the steam
ship. I L.U,o charge Mr. BoZUvu with having
> *>"!! under th«r influence of lluuor «u tht* tln>e
ol • - from .San Jose, he having drank some
v iv.r »i dinner. Afterward he repaired to the
su-rekfej-ere room, where he continued drink-
Captain Irvine Charges That
His Orders Were Not
: obeyed bv a Subordinate
Mrs». Phipps has engaged Judge Platt
Rogers of Denver as her counsel in the
divorce proceedings.
A lis iiendens has been filed with the
County Recorder which states that al
though the title to the Phipps mansion
in this city is in Mrs. Phipps' name, it
is really the property of her husband,
who now claims absolute ownership.
The same. Judge has signed writs of
injunction not only preventing the
United States Steel Corporation, the
United States Trust Company and J.
Fieipont Morgan from paying further
dividends to Mrs. Phipps, but ordering
them not to allow a transfer ol any
of the Ph/pps securities in their pos
session.
DENVER, Colo.. June 8.— Judge P.
L.. Palmer of the District Court has is
sued an order pivins the absolute care
and custc-dy of the Phipps children to
their father, Laurence C. Phipps, until
further notice.
Court Issues Order Restrain
ing , Corporations From
Transferring Their Stock
WIFE ALSO EXJOIXED
ALL HANDS GET DRUNE
Engineer Sullivan and the
Petty Officers Celebrate
Wedding of First 3Iate
Occidental and Oriental Steamship Company's Liner Passes
Quarantine Bright and Early and Is Alongside Wharf by
Seven O'Ciock — Has a Large Cargo and Many Passengers
Judge Palmer Gives Pitts
burg- Millionaire Absolute
Custody of His Children
COURT AIDS
PHIPPS CASE
DRINK FIGURES
IN COLON LOSS
COPTIC BRINGS JAPANESE GOLD YEN
VALUED AT THREE MILLION DOLLARS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, JUNE .9, . 1901.
11
We A L I FO R N I A ||
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO |
i LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS |
m at J) :.*{<) a. m., threnffn In II days, B
BQ with diner and all trapping*. U
Other Santa Fa Trains:
7:30 a.m. | fer Stockton. Tresno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 p. Si J M «- ce<1 ' Hanford and Vlsalla,
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Caayon and
Clflcago.
TICKET OPFICES — 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot, S. F. Also 1112 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 37 South First St.,
San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
UM FP/KCiSCU /Nu NORTH PACIFIC
EiilLWAY COMPANY.
Tloaron Ferry, Foot ot Karktt Street.
SAN fEAKCIECO TO SAN BAPAEL.
WEEK DAYS— T:30. 8:00. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.;
12:S5. -i-.dO. 3i40. 0:10. 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. 01.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. »:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAN BAFAEX. TO SAN rBANCISCO.
"VVKEK DAYS — «:05. C:3O. 7:^3. 7:50. »:2O,
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. t2:W>. 3:40, S:00. 3:iO.
«S:25 p. m. taturdayi — Kxtra trip at 1:45
SUNDAYS — G-.ZO. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. m., 1:45.
i 3:10, 4:S0. 5:C0. 5:U0. «:25. 7:50 p. m. tEx-
cept Saturdays. ? -:
Lt-avc I In Effect 1 Arrive
Ean Fran. [ May 1. 1904. [ San Fran.
I "WeekTsun- I Destlni- 1 Sun- i Week
Day. I »iay». I tlon. ( days. | Days.
I 7:30a T:45a| 7:45a
7:30a' 8:00a _, 8:40a 8:40a
8:00 a 9:30a Ignacio. 10:2Oa 10:20a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p ' ti:20p 7:23 p
7:25 p
8:45 p
7:30 aj 7:30 a I 7:45 al 7:43 a
j 8:C0a S:U0a Xovato. 10:20 a[l0:20 a
2:30p 8:30a Petaluma «:2Op «:2Op
l 3:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10p Santa Rosa. 8:43 p
7:30 a flttTa 10:20 a!l0:20 a
S:COa 8:0Oa Fulton. 7:25p I 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:45 p| 7:25 p
Windsor.
7:30 a 7:00 a Healdsburr. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle. 7:25 p 7:2» p
Clorerdale. *
"7:3Oaf r 7:3Oa| Hopland [ib:20 alloTaTa ¦
2:30 p[ 2:30 p| and Uklah. [ 7:2S p| 7:25 p
I I Wnilta. j j
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Sherwood. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
8:00 at 8:UOa[ Gumevllle and 110:20 ail0:20 a
2:30 pi 2:30 p| Camp Vacation. [ 8:48 p| 6:20 p
"8:00 al 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:40~a
5:10 pi 9:30 a Sonoma, 6:00 p 6:20 p
I Cilbp Glen Ellen. 8:45 p
7:30 al 7:30a| 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30p|2:3ap| Sebastopol. ( 7:25 p{ 6:20 p
¦ STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Burke's Sanitarium; at Uyttoa for
Lytton. Springs; at GeyservilJe for tskaggs
Springs; at Clover dale for the Geysers, Booce-
vllle and Greenwood; at norland for Duncan
Springs Highland Springs, Kelseyvtlle, Carls-
bad Springs, foda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porao. Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside. Lierley*s. Bucknells.
fcaojiedrln Height., Hullvllle, Orr"a Hot
Springs, Halfway House, Comptche. Camn
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendocino City. Fort Brags;
Westport. Usal: at Wllllts for Fort Bragg"
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Coyelo. Layton-
ville. Cummins, Bell's Springs, Harris. Ol-
sens. Dj«r. Garbervtlle, Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re.
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R, X. RYAN*.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Art.
¦ TOSANRAFAEL.
ROSS VALLEY,
HILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
Tla Sausalito Ferry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDAKO GAUGE.
Depart from Kan Francisco, week days, at
6:30, 7:10. 7:43, b:30. 9:15, 10:00, 11:00 a. m.
(11:40 a. m. Sausallto only). 12:20, 1:43, 3:15.
4:00. 4:35. 5:16 5:50, «:25. 7:13. 8:00. 10:20.
11 :35 p. rn. Sundays and legal holidays, depart
at 7:10. 7:45. 8:30. »:15. 10:00. 11:00, 11:40
a. m., 12:20, 1:00. 1:43. 2:30. 3:13. 4:00. 4:33.
11:15. 5:50.. 6:25. 7:15. 8:13. »:00. 10:20, 11:33
p» n>.
Arrive at San Francisco, week days, 8:17.
7:00. 7:35. 8:15, 8:43. 9:35, 10:20. 11:05 a. m..
12:06. 1:25. 2:50. 3:35. 4;20, 5:05. 5:40. 6:i5.
6:55. 7:55, 10:05, 11:25 p. m. On Sundays ana
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:43.
2:05, 8:50 p. m. _
For Fairfax, wtek days, depart at 7:43 a. m..
3:15 p. ro.. 5:15 p. m. (ex. Sat.). On Sundays
and legal holidays, at 7:45. 8:30. 9:13. 10:C0.
11:00. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:43. 2:30. 7:13
and 8:15 p. in.
7 THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way stations.
9:15 a. m., Sundays only — For Point Reyes,
etc.
»:15 p. m.. dally except Sunday— For Caja-
'Btis'i^* m.. dally except Saturday and Sun-
day—For Point Reyes, etc.
7:15 p. m., 8undays only— For Point Reyes.
' t »-lH p. m.. Sundays only— For Cazadero, ete.
TICKET OFFICE— «26 Market st.
verry— Union Depot, foot of Market at.
# Train* !•»?• smd «r« 4ms)
to »rr«T« at
SAN FRANCISCO.
Fbom Jc*i U 1304.
Fun Dstot
(Toot of Market Stratc )
>»«t, - MAIN LINE. - awit^ 1
700a VaeaTitlr. Winter*. Rnmaey 7 50<»
7.00a Beolcia. Salioa. Blmlnsad Saersr
meoto 7-20^
730a VUleJo, Ns|»«. C«ll«tPB». Santa
Host. Vsrtlnez. 8»a lismon 6 20»
7J0a NUm. LtTermore. Trscy, Lattropi.
Stockton 7.20P
J.OOa Sb»»t» Express— (Via Usrts).
W!:it«a>i (for BsrtletC Springs).
Willows. fFrnto. Ited Blnff.
Portland. Tacoma. Seattle 7-SC»
B.COa D»t1s. WooJlanJ. Kalehu LaadUie.
Marycvllla, OrovIIle 7AQP
t-ZOA Port Coats, Msrtlnrz. Aotloeb.
Byron. TrscT. Stockton, New-
nan, Los Bono*, kleadots.
AnnoDs. HinforJ. VI sails,
PortorrHle ... 4,20»>
8-50 a Port Costa. Lstnrop. Modesty
Merced. Frraoo, boatien J auc-
tion. Hanford. Vlaatla. Dakers-
f.eld - 4.10^
8-JCa Kllea. Baa Joae. LlTermore. Stock-
ton. (?Mtlton). lone. Sacramento,
PlacerTlUe. MarysTllle. Cbleo.
Red Bloff 420»»
8. 30a Otkclsle. CtSnese. Jamestown. So-
norv Taolnmne sn4 Aniels 4.ZUP
9 00a Atlantic Expreas—Ofrden snd Bui. 11.20a
8.30a nirnmond. Martian and Way
Stations 8-6QP
1000a Tbe OrerUod Limited — Ogden.
Denrer. Omabiv Chlcaco. B 20*
IOOCa Vallejo 12.20»»
10. 00a Lot Anrele* Paiarrajer — Port
Costa. Martinez. Byron. Tracy.
I.Mhrop. Stockton. Merced,
Raymon<l. Fresno. Go«!>en Jtiac-
tloo. Uanford, Lemuorc. Vlaaila.
P»kfr»flrld. Loa Angeles 7.Z0*
I2.0CM Bayward. N net aad W*jr Stations. 3.2Q"
tlXOP Sacramento T.lttT Steaincra t11.03»»
3-30P BenlcJa. ATlnter*. Saeran>«nto,
'Woodland. Knltchta Landing.
Harr«Tli:e. Ororllle and way
atatloas
5 JOp Hay ward. Ktles and Way Stations.. 7 S0(»
350P Port Cotta, Mart!n>'i. Byron,
Tracy, Lathrop. Modesto.
Merced. Bcr^nda. Fr^roo and
Way Stations beyond Port Cent* 12 20t»
S-30P Toaemlte Valley. »la Berenda and
Wawona 8 -55*
S-30P Martlnes. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 1020a
4 COP Mart!nex.Sani:.tTnon.Talle)o,Napa,
Callstoita. ganta Ruaa 9 20*
4 CCp Mies. Trarr. Stockton. Lodl 4 2Co
430P Day ward. >'t!ea. lrTlngion. Saat tSSOa
Jose. LlTenaore I 111.50*
B-OOpTbe Owl Limited— Newman. Los
Haaus. Miudoia. Fresao. Talare,
BakeraOeld. Los Angeles 850*
6 00p Port Coata. Tracy. Stockton 12-20>»
IS SOP Ilayward. Nllea and 6aa Joae 7.20a
6 CCp Uay ward. Mllea and San Jos* 9 SO*
¦J>0p. Eaatera Express— Orden. Denver,
Omaha, St. Lou!s. Cblcago aad
Km:, via Port Coata, Sulma.
Klmira. Dsrls, Sacrsmento, Col-
fax, Heno 520p>
8. OCp TsIIelo. d*i!y. except Sanday I 7 Kfl: ,
700P Vallejo. Sunday on.'y f * •*"*
7 CCp Itlcbuiond. 8an Pablo. Port Costa,
Martin*! anil Way Stations 1120a
7- CCp Oregon A California Kxpreas— Sac-
ramento. MarytTllle. Herfdlng.
Portland, Pa get Sonad azxl East. 8-50*
8 05p Reno Pasaenger— Port Costa, Sai-
itin. Elmlra, Dsvij. Sacraxneato,
Trnckee, Lake Tabce. and Way
Buttons beyond Sacramento.... 7-50*
8.1 Op Baywartf, Nllea and Saa Joae (9oa-
dayanly) 11.50a
COAST LINE (-1»rr«« tiasge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
7.45a Santa CrQzExcBralon(3ncdayoPl7) 8 10i»
8-16a Newark. Centerrllle. 6«a Joae,
Felton, Boulder Creek. B!g Baata,
SanU Crni and Way Stailona. .. 6 55»
19-1 6 A AlTsrado. Newark. San Jose. Loa
Oatoa.Glecwood. Felton. Boulder
Creek. Ble Baste. 6aata Crax 8-1CP
12.1EP Newark. Centerrllle. Saa Joae,
New Almaden.Loa Ga:o«.Fe:tuo.
Boolder Creek. Sania Crni and
Prtaelpal Way Stations 10 55 a
4.18a> Kewark. Baa Jose, Loa Oatoa aad
waystaUona t855A
415p Wright. Felton. Boulder Creek aad
Santa Crax. Batarday and Sunday
£ oaly >frS8A
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Trom SAN r KAN CISCO. Foot ui Vlarket St. <3Upt»
-17:13 1:00 11:00 a.m. 100 3 00 6 15i-.m
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t«:M tJ:T9
18:08 l<i:(t> a.m. 12 00 2 00 4 00 r.M.
COAST LINE (Broad Usage).
tW~ (Third aad Townaend Streets.)
8.10a San Jose as>d Way Stations %-Wm
1700a *an Joae and Way Statlona 5 4C"
7.15a Monterey aad Santa Crux Excnr- •
»loa (Sanday only) 1030p
BIiOa New Aimaden (Tnea.. Frld.. only). 4.1li»
8 COa Taf Coaster— Stops only 9a0 Joae,
Gllroy (connection for Bol lis-
ter). Pajaro. Caatro-rlllet. (eon*
nection to aad frutn Moaterey
and Paclfie Grove). Rallnaa, Baa
Ard*. Paso Roblea. Santa Mar-
garita. San Lali Ob'sp*. principal
»t»tk>na thence Surf (ooanectloa
for Lompoc). prlaelpat stations
thence Santa BarUara.Paa Baena-
Tfntnra. Montalvo, Oiair.l, Bar-
•ask. Los Angeles 10-49**
8. COa Saa Jose. Tres Ptnos, Capitols,
SantaCrns,PaclacOrove.9altaaa.
San Lull Oblapo and .Principal
War Statlont 4-10p>
10-SOa Fan Joae aad Way Stations 1.20p
11 -30a Santa Clara. San Joae. Los Oatos
and Way Sutlona .. 7 JO»
14Cp Ban Joae and Way Stations 8 36*
tJ UOpDel Monte Kxprew— Santa Clara,
baa Joae. Del Monie. itonterey,
PaclSc Grare (connects at Santa
Clara, except Sunday, for Sauta
Crax. Boulder Creek aid Karrow
Gauge Points) 12.15*
S-SOp Pacific GroTe Way Passenger. Bvr>
llngaine. Saa Jooe and nay ?t.v
Uons, connects at Gtlroy for Bol-
- Hater, Trea Ptnoa, at Pajaro for
Capltola, Santa Crux at Cantro-
vtlle for Salinas. 10 43*
430p fan Jose and Way Stations ' tS.OOA
?5 OOP Santa Clara. San Jose, Los Gatos,
Wright sad prtnclral Way Sta-
tion* (except Sunday) t400a.
<5.30p Saa JoaeaadPrlnelpalWay Stations 49.40a
6 45p Basset Rxpresa.— liedwood. San
Jose,Gl!roy.Sallnaa,Paao Koulea,
Saa Lula Obiapo. Saata U*r'.<ar«.
Los Angeles. L'einfnz. El Faao^
Vew Orlenns. Sew Tork. Con-
•ects at Pajitro for Santa Crax '
and st CaatroTHlfl for Pacific
Grore sad w«j Stations 7.10A
tS-ISP SanMateo.Bereaford,Belrnent,Saa
Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
MenloPark. Palo Alto t846a
6 30p Saa Joae and Way Stations. 8 3S»
' tXOp Pal* Alto aad Way Stations 10.15a
U.&Sp oootaSaaFraaclacn. Mlllbrae. Bor-
Ungsnie. Baa M«uh>, Belmonc,
Saa Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Xenlo Park, snd Palo Alto 3 43»
•1130P Uayiield. lloaatala View. Soaoy-
Tale, Lawrence. Baata Clara aad
San Joao a 45*
A for Morntag. P far Af Mrnooa.
15unda» excepted. ; Snaday oolr
* Satarday oaly. • Monday only.
I Stop* at all station* oa Sunday.
I"*" Only tralas itopptng at Valencia St. aoatkbovaal
*r*n:10*.M, 7:00 A.M., 7:13 a.m.. iv.X'a. *., J:J0p.m_
?:» r.m. and a;OQ jr.K. *
Mt.Tamalpais Railway
Leave- Tb SauaUta tmji Arrive
Ban Franctsco F»«t af Bartrt St. I g»n FraucUco
Week San- gfirl sui.- Wee*
Days. days. jf^33S\ da^ Days.
10:00 a 11:00 a \&»4*37 3:38 r 3:35?
1:45r12;20r y&xStS? ?f ? r ,§ : I* '
6:15r l;4ir 6:15p l0:05 '
I 4-35r 8:50 r
»VuCriTttT*C«r. > * Ta»alaata t* Iin Ttl!iy.
Tickkt (62a SIabkxt St. O'orth Shore Railroad)
OrfiCM land SaCSAUTO Fk«jst. Foot Market St.
the Weekly CaD,
i per Year*
— ._ ri . i _ r . i^ RAIIAVAY^TRAVmj.
-^rS^Track Railway between the I JjLg^p W?
ffl §f Missouri River and Chicago. p»»^^^^^gtl\.
jWHThree Fast Trains^
f I Chicago and East ft
]» l| Southern Pacific, Union Piciflo and Chicago ft North-Westem Rys. if 1
1! cL Standard and tourist sleeping cars, ccmpartmfr.t £/jk
observation cars, buffet smoking and library cars; tiT/sT
For sleeping car reservations, tickets and information jK& Kj
w%^0V apply to agents Southern Pacinc Co., or to Jk&rj&ji V*
Vfev"^. R. R. RITCHIE, Genersl Ajent, £?J&r
ft NOam-WESTERN RY.
ADVEKTISEMENTa
_ i
Palling a Long Face
Is something *- man nev*r dors when ex-
amininir the lin*n »«»nt home from the
United States Laundry. Satisfaction is
in every collar, cuff and Khirt front that
S« laundered here. Colored shirts are
not faded, and we send them back in
their pristine beauty of color till they
pre worn out. Send as a' sample bundle.
We please the most fastidious.
No saw ed?es.
UNITED STATES LAUNDPY,
1004 MARKET STJtEET.
• JCelephoae Strata 420.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. JUNE 9. 1904.
12
X.ODGIXUr HOUSES Z-'C»R SALB—Coa.
THIRTY rwms, nicelv furnished. lease ... $3500
2<J room., ail men roomers, low rent.... 1000
115 mom-, low rent, country transient.. 5000
31 rooms, rent only ?B5 1W0
40 rooms, rent $70, transient 1500
SI rooms, rent ?3 per room 3400
Monty to loan on furniture at low iates.
EITEL & CARROLL, 212 Kearny St.
A FIRST-CLASS apartment house, downtown
location, for sale at a sacrifice for cash or.
will make terms to suit if sold before July
1; account of Bickne.s. A. B. SMITH CO..
123 Ellis et.
LODGING-lWiUSE; good for boarding; 10
rooms furnished; close to Golden Gate Park;
$450. 700 Sixth ave^ .
4i ROOMS' corner; near R. R- depot; rooms
all full; clears $125 per month; rent $3 per
roonr? owner sick; must fell; ?2.'J50. 453, Call.
THIRTY-FIVE-ROOM Market-street house;
busy corner; Al transient; I will sell at low
figure or exchange. Box S4.SC, Cail office.
12-KOOJI lodging-house for sale: rooms full:
centrally located; bargain. Box ..'107. (.'all.
GREAT money-making transient house, 35
rooms; centar city; no auuents. Box 2524, Call.
FOR Fale— Lodging house; 231 Third Bt.; 20
roonia: owner sick; price $050; rent $76.
SP1HITI7AI-IS31.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY,
Clairvoyant, trance, business medium and life
•reader.' 120S Market st.. Gait House.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to-
night; 10c. 010 McAllister; come, skeptics.
C. V. MILLER' 8 materializing seance to-night,
S o'clock; $1. 1084 Btfsh st^
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
elate-writer. 1112 Eddy St.; phona Scott 887.
' CLAIRVOYANTS. ~
ASSURE") b_cc«m for you.
' Call at once and save $4.
His famous $5 readings this week tar
»1 «1 $1 $1 *1 $1 $1 II
No charge — No charge
ITnless you obtain the Information for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE.
The fint registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever In San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to be full Judge.) .
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
mako no charge 1f I fail to toll your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tell you It
husband, wife or lover le true or false; who and
when you wiir marry; how to gain the love of
the on« you -desire; "in fact," I will tell you
evtry hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself; his advice la- reliable; his
powers are wonderful and Indisputable; he im-
proves your character so that you will reach
the highest possible development In mental
vigor, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth: the controlling power Implanted In your
nature, so you can control any one secretly;
cures disease and lost vitality; gives advice on
mining and buried treasures; gives you success
in life; he guarantees you success or charges
nothing f»r his services.
10 a. m. to 8 p. m. — Closed Sunday.
¦ :.2ti O'Farrell st.— 320.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO
WITNESS THE WONDERFUL DEMON-
STRATIONS of the NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
Kor a reliable and intelligent clairvoyant
reading go to LIVINGSTONE, 428 Eddy st.
lie asks you no questions, but tells you
what you wish to know.
He *does not mention all the Ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facGi In your case. Let PROFESSOR
LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you, find the cause of trouble and
sussest the remedy.
He is as conspicuous for his wonderful oc-
cult analysis as he is for his original ex-
pression and vivid truthfulness.
Would it not be a relief to know how you
will succeed, to be relieved of the matters that
arn troubling you <ind of the schemes of your
enemies, that you may meet with better success?
A test reading- is not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
give you a full life reading for $1. A test
Is of little value; when the mind Is troubled
you need more substantial aid and advice.
Permanently located 428 Eddy St.; 3 sep-
arate reception parlors. ' Lady attendant.
Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant v and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third »t., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; If you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-..
'eult this great medium and you will be told
how to ovfi-come them; valuable advice In
all affairs of life; 25c up: satisfaction guar-
anteed; readings by mail. Tel. Black 4569.
MME.PORTER. celebrated clairvoyant medium,
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight, tells past, present and future; 1.
BOc, k. by cards $1 : palmistry and clairvoyant
sit.. $1 »0. 290 O'Farrell st.. near Mason.
A — Miss M. Wille, 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion: names given; special. $1; hours 10 to 8.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, clairvoyant, business me-
dium- advice on mining A Invest.; devel.cir.
1 Thure.. S. 020 O'Farrell: tel, Hyde 17C7.
Mrs.A.H.KronenberK.palmlst, clalrvoyant.card
reader:wh»n others fall try me :good readings
25c. 721 Franklin, nr.G.O.ave.Tel.Larkln4207.
A— Mine. Ravenna reads llfe\ business advice;
names given :25c up. 835 How»ird,bet.4_h&5th.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. and palm.;
names; L. 50c; G. $1. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates
and facto; readings dally. 917 Market st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader. 23H
Sixth St.; ladles 25c; gent- 50c.
MME. MARSEAU, card reader. 545 Minna
st.; no sign.
MME. ODELL returned; clalrvoyant.card read-
er; tea leaves: 25c up. Lower flat, 220 Eddy.
OLDEST lady palmlut and card reader In city.
20 V4 Kearny, rm. 20; ladles, 25c; gents, 50c
ISMAR. the celebrated Egyptian seeress, will
return from her vacation July 1.
MRS BAUMANN. The well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. SHAFER clairvoyant, card reader sit-.
tings, dally. 448V. Jeyde st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
'JARPRT ' BEATIXO AND CLrEAXING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal: carpets and rugs are also
cleaned by compressed air at shop; prices
i moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co.. 30S Market St.; phones Main 152 and
Bush 479. ,
WHEN' you become distrusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 356-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenrh St.— -First-clai-s
carpet cleaning. 3c yard^ Tel. Mlgslon 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison st,; Al cleaning; 3c- Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating "Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel.South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
te). Main 394. GEO. WALCOM A CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH *- CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mis-Ion 2G3.
CLOTHING- BEWOVAT-C-fg.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis st.. room 14;
phone Prumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
COI-I-I-CTIOir OFFICES.
BA^Ttenants^eJected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery. ropm3 fl-10: tel. Main 6580.
COTTAGES j TO LET.
SUNNY cottage; 8 rooms; basement; yard. 137
Dolores st.,' near Fifteenth.
f 17— 5-ROOM cottage on Cottage row, near
Webster, bet. Sutter and Bu»h. Inquire 7.
.* •._'- CTOtEB BTrPTTT-t-B.^
HUNTER'S Posltive*«upture Holder. $10; no
discomfort. 1200 Marlcet st.; send for circular.
DEXTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— Cannot break; i
warranted 20 yxs.; crown, $3 50; flllingg, 50c:
plates $5; full set; all work 1 painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr. Eleventh
v — No charge for extracting when, plates are
made; old dates made over like new; teeth
. from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, FurBeon-dentist,r.l4,lst
Boor. Phelan bid.. .806 Market*, cor. O'Farrell.
Paris Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny.' cor. Bush —
Setiteeth, $1 60 up; crowns. $2 up; nlllngs,25c.
FREE , examination with chart at the New
York Dentists. 969 Mission st., SE. cor. 6th.
GOLD' fillings. 75c; silver.' 35c: crowns." $2; no
' patn; open Bundaya. Dr.O.B.Hew1tt,20* t Suttr.
JOHN" D. SPKECKELS. . . • Prcm' jfjg_ i
.A<5<_r<"5!- Communications to
SOUS MeSAVGUT.T.^L^
¦\V. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TEX DOLLARS REWAKD.
NotlTy The Call Office if You Miss
Your I».J_»cr.
XS fcr any canse TSE CAI.Ii Is not de-
li-ered resnlarly to subscriber- pleas*
call up\"CAI.I- EXCm-UGi:" aad aotliy
Subscription Clerk in cliarze. Yo~r com-
plaint will reccive'proj^pt attention.
A staadiujr reward of Sea. Collars
CS10.00) is effered icr the arrest aad :
conviction oi .my one catyrlit stes-insr |
_____ CALL.
TELEPHONE.
_Uk for THE CALI.. The Operator "VV111 Con-
tiect You With the Department lou nisn.
.PuNicaUcn Office Market and Third. S. F.
EdHortal Room* 217 lo 221 Stevenson st.
X>«livered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per 75
Ct». Per Month. Single Copies B CU^.,,.
Tenns fcy Jiail, l_clu(Jin« Postage (Ca*i vwu»
Order): «« .w.
pAILY CALL (lr.c!ud. Sunday), 1 y«» r --'»*V?
DAILY CALL Unclud. Sunday). « n_o«... «;W
DAILY CALL— By fcinjle Month „«"=
6UNDAY CALL. 1 Year - •">
CALL. 1 Year • l °°
{Daily... JS.fcO Per Tear Extra
Fun-Lay. 4. 15 Per Year Extra
Weekly. J.«> Per Year Extra
>T.T. POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Baisple Cci>:e» will be forwarded whtn re-
quested.
Mail subscribers in crcierins; change « ad-
dress should be particular to give both NKW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
prompt ax-d correct ccmpliaace with tfcelr re-
<_-e_t.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
I0IC Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BEP.KELEY OFFICE: _,____/__
_14S Center street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
6AMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YOHK NEWS STANDS:
WaieTf-Astoria Hotel; A- Brentano. 81
Cr.lon Square: Murrey Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
cue lictei and Hcffr.2u Hcubc
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
fhennan Houee; P. O. New» Co.: Great
-N-'crtbern. Hotel; Tren-OCt House; Audltoriutn
Ju.ifi. Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENT ATiV b:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS..Mar<!uet.e Building
(Lcx£ Distance Telephone. •'Central _»19. >
NEW YORK REPRESENT ATIV_:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tr.b>_;« Bulld-d
NEW TOIIK CORRESPONDENT :
C. C. CAP.LTON Heratld S<_tiar»
£D_~_NrE£5« OFFICE of~the Ean Francisco
Call, comer Market and Third streets; opea
estll 12 o'clock *very nitrht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
tOOS Market street, cppoelte Filth; opes until
11 p. m.
E27 -klontrsme— r street, corner Clay; open
until &:20 p. _a.
COO Hayes F.rcet; open cntll »:S9 p. ra.
C3» McAllister street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
*>1S Larkin street; cpen until 8:30 p. m.
JW1 Motion street- cpen until 10 p. u-.
t£6i Market street, corner Sixteentk; opea
until 9 p. tn. .
J06 Eleventh street; open or.til 9 p. m.
1CJH5 Valencia street: ope-n until 9 p. m.
Ncrtbeatt corner Church asd Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
Sortbwe«t comer of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
t_X0 Flllrnore street; cpen until 9 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS L.EAYIXG TOWN
FOR THE SUMMER.
CAX& -rabBcrfbei— contesaplatlne »
chaatre cf residence dnrlnjr the *tur imer
tsosths can aur. their caper _Tc_— rarded
by mail to their new address toy aotify-
lnr TEE CALL Business Office. This
paver vrill also be on rale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local
agent in all towns on the coast.
MEETI.VG NOTICES.
A REGCX-AB -— nfrg of Yerba Buena <_t.
I-od^e cf Perfection No. 1, A. ar.d A. Jf
t-'cottiFh Rite 'of Fro<?maFonry, will be /A
tirld in Com m andery Hall Masonic /-/SVa
Temp]*, en THURSDAY EVENING. V ~"^
June 9. 3f«>4. at 8 o'clock. Ucrrees five six
*»v«>n anl «»i(rht. Vi*it!n:r brethren cordially
invited. HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
MIFSION Chanter No. T». R. A JI — »
fpfcial mef*un_ THIS (THURSDAY) W
EVENING. 7:_0 o'dfick. Royal Arch /V\
' L>CEree. By order of the H. P
JXQ. P.. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA !_odp* No. 1 ~F and A r,
M-. will inw-t THIS (THURSDAY) •j* rf r
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. First de- fcr\
_ Src. FRANKLIN II. DAY. Sec. ' v *
FIDELITY Lod R rN~.20~ir~InTA; ~~~
U— fiperfjd rn^flng THIS (THKRS- ~jL,
£ A , Y ' EVENING at 7J» o'clock. XX
Third dejrr*-*. Master Masons «r>r- v
dially imited. TTy order of the \Y SI
FREDERICK BARRY, Secrrtary.
SOI 'TH S A N S FRANCISCO i l_od_» j^ Z
212. F. and A. M.. meets THIs^_i\_r
<T1RRSIM5"I EVENING at 7"-i«/\/\
o'clock for Kim Deere*. Ev ordc-
rf the Master E. <:. HARt_. Secretary.
DORIC Lo-_~ e No. Hi" F7^and~A. M— ~_
Hr*«-'.al n.eetlne THIS «TJ_rRR_>AY)^_V
KVEN1NG. 7:.K) o clock. Fir.H Do- /V\
erce- By order of the Master.
3. -¦: R. GOLDSMITH. Fecrftary.
ETARR KING Lodse No. 341. F. and Z
A. ML. .117 I>visa<Wo Ft.— First de- t_rVi»
Free THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING AX
• t 7:30 o'clock. Master Masons <or- '
dially invited. By order of the TV. JL \
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
THE I. O. O. F. picnic m ill he held "3w-____
June 11. lf»04. at Fernbrock Park. i^g^Sjft.
Boat S<-av.»«- the ferry landing at : __ (^*raS ! «
- » o'clock. Every child -.i:i receive
a Prize. THE COMMITTEE.
THE Pan Frsr.<-«-<v> Scottish Thinle . «-> v.
nub meets THIS iTIICRSIMY) CT. ck$J
EVENING :n Fraternity Hall. 32 vJ-X^i
O'FaiT"'.] ft., at S o'clock. Tickets > *_JW-T
for the twenty-third annual gathering and
1 frames - ill be distributed to members In
good ftarirl.nsr only.
GEO. W. PATEREON. Royal Chief.
A. ~. CAKLISLF.. Recorder.
SERVIAN Benevolent Sacietv— ft
Officers and members are re- jV^V»
fpeet'u'ly requited to as- -J?£^
t-emble at the lodee rooms, 102 RStT"/^^
OFarrtll St.. THIS DAY at 'ifcliiS?'
7:30 j). tn. for the purpose of l*9l--';W
tranr sciir.R official business. fc<V_SflK_
By order of JOHN A. LJCBI- V-L':tiaX;f
BnATICH. President. Ni__J«r
V. RADCH.EVICII. Secretary.
THE OHfornia Debris Co— rcl5-lon having
received appUeatlci I to mine fey hydra-lie
lxroce-a trot n Grant* E. Wap^or.er and David
1'r-ton 1n Te:<jrr£ph niice. at Indian Lic-
rirg*. El rxrado Cour.ty, Cal.. draining Irto
Indian Vizz'.r.r? Cre«-k. — Well reaches Co-
rua:nr- River, gives notice that nie<:t!r.-f will
r-e held at room 06. Flood building Sa.n
rre-n<'i_.co. Oa!.. Jur.e 20. 1904. etl:SO p. n..
____ agents" waxted."
AGENTS— An _eescy for a proposition thitTii '
a decided i— iprovement on building and loan :
tt worth havir.p. Great YWetera Improve-
ment Company. Parrott building.
V.'E v,_r:t a number of live caavarsers at once-
liberal contract* with n:e n who can do bu*i-
lief-. Apply Et IWI F-It— tor* tt. end JuO
-•ret Et. White Fcwinc Machine Co.
TVr: wart 2 exoerieaeed canvassers at ence-
city and country: new foods; liberal terms.
The Oatirfe Co.. 1_1 Geary st.. room 721.
TVANTED — FirFt-cIpv- rustlers for c'tv nnd
country. HEINE PTANO CO.. rt.%-237 Geary.
AI7TO--TQBI_r:S.
A I'TOMOBII-ES— Livery, garare and KaJ^tTT
roomf; anto-r -.obilee of every description
fcouFht and told; will buy or sell second-
hand machine*. See us before you do any-
tfoirjr with your machine. Phone South 702
i I^aciflc State. Automobile Co.. _17 Ellis et!
V."ANTED--"T-t buy an sutom uobile in first-cla-s
MiJer; net over $500. Address. Riving de-
tcr!pt!cn of machine, box 571, Call office.
THOMAS Automobile for vale. $950; ueatln_r
capacity 5 people. Bcx 1 728. Call office.
DOS-A-DOS la pcod runninjr order for eale.
J_-W_X_M box Ml, OH office.
\YJJ!Ti: Ftanlupe A'Jtom obi'.e for eale. Box
I SO. Call o.See.
FOK *a:e — Ai.tcn.i>t.le Isiczni). Box G33. Call
- fithcr.
AST-ngA -IP-TEDT. ,../."
A 1 .¦: Kola's Asthma Remedy relieves Instant-
ly; 10c. _5c. _0& ICQ2 Market, St. Nlchoi-.-.
ATTOI.NE .YS-AT-I-AV.'.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for pnia'.l fee.
See me Tt-d «3vr> money; no r*>' *n advance.
O. W. HOWE, ATTORXEY-.VMiAW.
EMab'iished T2 yn».; rnw. 1. 2. •". 1 & •"'. 2 9t - "••
1122 Market ?t.. between Jlason and Taylor.
Advic* free all matters. Detectives employed.
R. W. 5CING, Attorner-at-L-m-. Exam, hiilrr..
6th floor; entrance room 011; established 15 J
years; al! <a5es. gpn<ral court and office prac- |
tire; no fee It. advance cr for consultation; ;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red SrtO!.^
PEIC_!IONiat_y.9-M.*HAI_~IS?*J Ellis et.. 20 |
>tk practice; ref*. from ma:iy thousands of i
poldirrf-. sailors, widow* and orphans on i'a-
cifie Coast for whom I have secured i>ensions.
DIVORCE — CoBtP. $12; quick, quiet: advice
free: all law business: no charge unless suc-
cessful: open evening--, 027 Market, room 301.
AI'VICE free: divorce costs $12; no fees or
rests in advance; all law business; office
ojon Saturday evenings. 81'.» Market st^ r^.i.". j
DIVORCE law a specialty: no publicity: advice |
free: co.sts $12. Ad. U.A.S.. P.O. box 2l'Jt»,_S.F. ,
L. F. CLARK. 027 Market ot; consultation |
frte; no fees in advance: open evenings. ;
BOAKDIXG KOIt CHILDREN.
FRENCH boarding for chfidren. v MRS.
GUNTZ. 063 Pine st.
BLSI-VESS CHA.VCKS.
A — $700 BAKJERY across the bay; established
years and doing a flrst-class payinc -tor*
trade: value in eight. All particulars R.
Q. WILKE. 26^ Kearny at. .
A— $CCO; YOUNG and active man wanted to
run grill room in one of the llnest barrooms
in this city: no rent to pay; references want-
ed. See R. Q. WILKE. _!6% Kearny st.
A $1100 CORNER grocery and bar on choicest
location of Davl8-wl.ro »t. must be sold at
once on account of death In family; lease;
rent $37 60; a splendid and rare chanc*. See
R. G. WILKE. 2(5% Kearny st,
A— $2250; CORNER ealoon on Montgomery St.;
ettal'. many years; rent $85; lease; a good-
paying place and well advertised. Call K.
ii. WILKE. 2ti& Kearny st. S
A — $2_:C0; ROADHOl'SK! F.oadhouse! Road- ;
house! With 13 l'um. rooms; rent $10; lea-se;
a first-clats paying resort.^ See K. G. WILKE, j ,
2t^ Kearny tt.
A— $SCO; CORNER ealoon; rent $20; a splendid
location in the MUsioa; place doing a busi- '
ne_s of abuut $15 per day. K. G. WILKE.
26 Hi Kearny st.
A — $500; SALOON, vicinity Third and Bran-
nan sts. ; established years; rent $40. Call ,
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny et.
A— $1600; BALOON in wholesale district; vi- ,
cinlty of Sansome st.; place established 20
years; doing a good business; rent $50. See
R. G. WILKE, 2(J',- Keearny st.
A — $3500; ELEGANT barroom, w^th mercaii- ¦
tile lunch; on Montgomery St., vicinity of
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
count of ill health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE, 26^ Kearny St.
A— $450- BARBER shop: 3 chairs; best location
in the Mission; rent 515. See R. G. WILKE,
26 fA Kearny st^
A $3C00 HOTEL in San Rafael; 21 rooms bar.
parlor and dining room; a well established
place; rood furniture and a bargain. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2tifr Kearnr at.
A— $700; RESTAURANT opposite Golden Gate
Park; rent $25; good business; clearing about
$150 p»r month. See R. G. WILKE. 2C&
Kearfty Et.
A— $2500: SALOON: choicest location on Mar-
ket et. ; low rent; good lease; elegant fix-
tures and a first-class paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
A — $250; BOTTLE beer route; well established.
See R. G. WILKE. 2CV_ Kearny st.
A— S2750; CORNER 6aloon on Market St.. in-
cluding 7 rooms; rent $100; return rents $80;
lease; a first-class location and well estab-
pllthed place. See R. G. WILKE. 26H Kear-
ny Et. /
A— $C00— CHOPHOUEE and coffee saloon, opp.
cable house; place estab. years, with steady
and transient customers; owner clears about
$175 per month. See R. G. WILKE, 2CH
Kearny Et. -
A — DRUGSTORE — drugstore — drugstore; price
$4500: established 27 years: lease 5 years;
rent $C0; one of the best paying store* in this
city; own*r to retire. Call R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny »U
A— $1000; BOAP.DING and rooming house; 30
rooms, kitchen and dining-room. 87 beds,
good furniture, lease, place paylz-ff well. Se»
R. G. WILKE. -6H Kearny st.
A— $2000; DAIRY depot and route; dally sales
60 cans; 8 horses. 4 wagona. etc.; most pri-
vate customers; business kept by owner 15
years; a good-paying investment. Call K. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny it.
A— $2000; SALOON, vicinity Market, Ellli an*
Etockton «U. ; rent $150; lease; place estab-
lished years; first-class business. Call It. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny sU
A— $350; branch bakery and delicatessen
etore with 4 rooms; rent $25: fine location:
jrood bu«lne«s. See R. G. W1LKIE. 2«J4
Keen iy at.
A — $375 cigar stand, transfer corner: rent $25;
good paying place. R. G. Wilke. 26% Kearny
PACIFIC REAL ESTATE CO..
1015 Market st. Tel. Folsom 141.
J.r>00; country hotel and bar: Investigate.
$475; corner raloon; do rood business.
$225: lodgir.g-houee. near Market st.
Restaurant for fale; clearing ?50 weekly;
rew furniture; new range; act quickly; only
$eco.
FOR pale — Flrst-cla?s cloak and suit depart-
ment in the b?st locality in this city; well
ejtabliFhed and a troo<J- paying business; can
be bought for if.noo O r lo pay $4000 to one
party and the other party, an experienced
man and ladies' tailor, will remain as paTj-
s. ner. Rox 2111. Call. x
Brokers and promoters who are able to control
or influence placing of order? for manufacture
of bonds • _.- tnock certificates can form a
profitable and pleaFant connection with large
Eastern house engaged in manufacture of
there and other similar forms & doing large
business in bank note engraving and lith-
ography, address box 2551. Call office.
FOR sale — A bargain; a grocery' store and sa-
loon, 4 miles out of town; doing a large
business; must be Kold immediately on ac-
count of sickness: stock carried about $3000.
For further particulars address C. P. AS-
DERSON. Fan Jo*e, Cal.
A IG006 MILLINERY business wanting lady
partner with $2<Xf»; experienced milliner to
take full charge; Mo^k Invoice $4000; receipts
$l.\000 yearly; country. KREDO & CO., 765
Market at.
$3S0 KECUKES % lntere.it In fine paying com-
mission buRiners clearing $150 monthly to
each: references exchanged: experience un-
necessary but must be sober and reliable.
Particulars, lf>07% Markt et.. room 1.
MONEY war. ted —Wanted, party to Invest $6000
or JSOOO in an established manufacturing
stock food business; money required to handle
Increase of burineHs; good profltB. For par-
ticulars, addre?* box 2073, Call office. •
A RMALL (reneral merchandise store In a town
of 700 population; sales average about $1500
per month: will sell reasonable. as/It is
necessary fcr the owner to leave. Address
for particulars, box e2C, Call office.
PARTNER wanted in a well-established whole-
sale business; only email capital required, as
* -.e buy for cash and «ell fcr ca*h and carry
very little stock on hand; profits are very
large. Address box 737, Call office.
FOrt'SALE — Coffee, tea and spice route over
18 years' standing; selling on account of re-
tiring from business. For particulars in-
I . q-jlre at 119 Front St.. between 11 a. m.
and 1 p. m.
j BI.TCHEP. shop clearing $100 per month must
be sold at a eacriflce; owner going East. H.
G. MEHIITENS. Itallroad ave. and Webster
" st.. Alameda.
SlOiK)— DELICATESSEN, grocery, candy, no-
tion i=to— ': everything nearly new; cheap
rent: leaj=e; must be sold; barsraln. BERG,
AKMSTRONU -t CO., 31S Kearny St.
WANTED— Man with $150 to help do assess-
ment work on cold mining claims near bis
strike for half interest in same. Prospector,
bcx 211«, Call offlc*.
STODDARD'S celebrated specialty drug store
to be rold at a bargain on account of death
In family; fine living rooms for a doctor;
two side entrances: rent $C5. 10S Turk at.
MORTGAGE of $G72- on rare furniture; insured
for $1000; interest 2 per cent per mo. ; want
to sc-Il tnts. Eerg-Armstromr Co., 318 Kearny
WANTED — Young German who understands
grocery but-Lnets as ¦ partner to start store.
Box 210S, can.
OLD established art- store, fully equipped for
framlnir; flne location and steady business;
no agents. Pox 2512. Call office.
GROCERY and bar for eale In splendid loca-
- tlon south of Market st. Address box 668,
Call office.
CANUST business; valuable downtown location:
srood busineKs;..flne fixtures; $4000: other ln-
tere-rU. Address box 577. Call office.
A— $2.V); PARTNER wanted In light business.
• ¦ Particulars at 47 Geary, St., room 6. -
CHOPUOUSE— Rents $26; liquor license; clears
$150 month. SO Geary Et., room 11 .-
nr SINKS!* CHA?-CKS— Cont.Ti ihmI. ;
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy Bt.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
BEAUTIFULLY located summer resort: fine
grove?; 30-room hotel; all furnished and:
equipped for J.usinesa; 20 acres land goes
with lenf»: raiFe own hay. vegetables; all
kimls of fruit; rent $:.(•<> rwr year; equity in
this $_*!>0O; death in family cause of aaie.
CAMERON &. CO.
FOR sale— Well-furniFhed 5-room ark, moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
Funimer outinp; :i!so for winter shooting and
fishing; all modern conveniences; new. one
year; price f^U'-i complete. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy 6t.
FOR Fal»— Well -located bazaar and furnishing
goods bi!Fir.°ss; cheap rent; t>'-_ years' lease;
one of tlie best transfer corners in city; do-
ing fine business; other interests cause sale;
price $5000. See CAMERON & <X>.. 3 Eddy.
I"O!t sab? or trade— Quartz mine; fine prospect:
located In Cal.; _tc~aya $4<> to ?70 ton; trade
fcr rm g.-hse. or business. Cameron, o Eddy.
FOK sale or -will trader— H3 acres insido city
limits: one of best lnterior\cittes in Califor-
nia; house barn, other outbuildings; plenty
til kinds fruit; beautiful home; wl!l trade for
rooming-houee; price $4000. CAMERON &
CO., 3 Eddy Kt^ :;-¦-..-"
FOR sale — Electrical and locksmith business:
central location; established 9 years; rent
$30; clears $90 to $100 per month; price $500;
must sell on account of other business. CAM-
EP.ON & CO.. 3 Eddy St. -_
FOR sale— Carriage and wagon factory and |
general Jobbing; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern toolE,
etc.; full investigation and trial given; re-
tiring from business. CAMERON A CO., 3
Eddy «t.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses ond business chancee. CAM- |
I.R0N & CO.. 3 Eddy st. \
FOR nale — The Union Hotel; manufacturing
town. Benlcia, Cal. s
Sfrrr> — SALOON in center of city; must be eold;
bargain. Adrtss Box 2115. Call office.
$'_*:ilX> — SALOON with lease; rent $S5; old es-
tablished place. 80 Geary st., room 17.
BAKERY: all store trade; $35 daily; first-class
place: $2000. 721 Polk Et.
GREAT opportunity for doctor to purchase
corner drug etore; no agents. Box 2523, Call.
CARPENTER shoo, fine location and trade;
offer wanted. 15-2^ Bush st.
PARTNER in growing business to take, fill or-
der and collect; Investigate. Box 2552, Call.
FOR sale— Bakery; 22d and Fair Oaks. Ap-
l>ly 3449 Fair Oaks; on account of death.
MILLINERY business for saie; a bargain. Call
or address 2213 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
FOK sale— The Uni#>n Hotel; manufacturing
town. IJenlcia. Calif. j
FRENCH liquor store for sale. 621 Valencia
street. -—
A FURNISHED hotel to lease In a thriving
town in Marln County. Box 685, Call office.
WANTED— To buy a g-ood paying delicatessen
store. Address box 534, Call office.
HAIRDRESSERS — Call and see my place;
must sell: make offer. 1153 Market st.
FOR sale — Bakery with large stock; good loca-
tion and reasonable rent. 715 McAllister St.
FINE newspaper route for sale. Inquire at
this office.
LOnCIXG-IIOLiSKS FOR SAI.K.
A. CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1050. ,
3 Eddy St., cor. Market . and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
32 room te; cheap rent; 2 years' le.ase; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything In
firFt-claps condition;^ good "•furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; If run
transient can clear S.'iint to $350 per month;
here Is best proposition in city; price $3200.
63 rooms: best downtown transient house in
city; will trade for ranch; compelled to leave
the city.
220 rooms: new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; Brand entrance;
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $500
per month; to be sold at a bargain on account
of departure.
17 rooms; rent only $70; fine little apart-
ment-hcuse; sickness; must sell; snap; $C00.
128 rooms; cheap rent: long lease; flrst-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must Bell on
account of other business; only with us.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close in;
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
24 rooms: rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished: oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
108 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has flne
bar; can be run in conjunction if desired;
rare chance for right parties; part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of the house; other busi-
ness interests demand immediate departure.
8 rooms; fine upper flat; rent only $30; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
u:<o.
21 roome,; corner: rent only $85; oak fur.:
good carpets; housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
$1600.
ISO rooms; grand., new, modern apartment-
house: elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; flne lease; paying $500 to $000 per month;
close In; full nice people; bargain if taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
7-roo— i fiat; rent . $40: oak furniture; rood
carpets; sickness; price $350.
12C rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears 5400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys in the city.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished;
little apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing flne bus!ne-»; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
14 rooms: rent only $57; oak furniture; good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $900.
105 rooms; cheap rent; first-class up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $250 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses
and business for exchange or trade, always on
hand. A. CAliEROJi A CO., S Eddy st.
MARION GRIFFIN,
406 Hearst bldg., over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts.; tel. Black 5007.
Rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
HIGH-CLASS rooming-house of 19 rooms,
clearing $105 monthly; flne, new furnishings;
runny side; beautiful lawn; must be sold;
don't wait, but make some offer to
« ' MARION GRIFFIN.
CORNERS are in demand: 30 rooms; north of
. Market; extra flne; long lease; clears $175;
high-class roomers. MARION GRIFFIN.
FAMILY boarding-house of 40 rooms; very
quiet and refined; nice, sunny corner in fash-
ionable section of city; owing to 111 health
the owner will take $2!>00; liaif cash; clears
$1SO per month and ail help hired.
MARION GRIFFIN. .
LOOK AHEAD C months, when this 80-room
house will be worth $8000; the rent is only
* $3 per room; clear profit $246 monthly; owner
has chance to buy a saloon clearing $500
month, hence will sacrifice, the house for
$.000 this week. MARION GRIFFIN.
EUTTER st. is Al for select roomers: $1600
takes a nice, quiet, respectable house- of 23
rooms; all outside, light. -sunny rooms; clears
598 per month. MARION GRIFFIN.
OR would you prefer a 17-room house. 2 blocks
north of Market?- Just the permanent room-
ers pay $05 per month over "expenses; you
. only need $800 In cash. MARION GRIFFIN.
NINE room- for $2507 Yes. 6 blocks north of
Market; rent $35; .. Heeds . more furniture.
ALSO .
7 rooms, near Emporium, $250; clears ' $20.
10 rooms, O'Farrell st.; $300: < rent $40; in-
come $70. MARION GRIFFIN.
SPLENDID 40-room house on' Sutter St.. In
the best possible condition. Plentifully fur-
nished with the best of everything. Full of
the most desirable people. Profit $150 month.
Reasonable rent. Long lease. Fair price.
• MARION GRIFFIN.
JUST the place; 14 beautifully furnished rooms
on a sunny corner near St.. Francis Hotel;
' bighclass. respectable roomers; low price;
part cash, balance as 'you earn It from the
house. This Is an Ideal home and money-
maker. MARION GRIFFIN. '
<ee3> LITTLE' "WANTS" OFTEN
HELP WANTED— MALE— Cwnt.nn-a.
A — MURRAY & READY. Phone MaTrflmi
tS4 and «_!6 i lay st. JSS4S Phon» Main
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1_H<! w e gave 1304 we h^j>«
6rt,00O men work. To increase «jni>^>
SPANISH, GERMAN, FRENCH
ITALIAN. SWISS, • GREEK*
NEW. NEW NEW.
ARIZONA. ARIZONA. ARIZONA.
$11.04 MM Miles. $11.04
S0.V> MEX WANTED.
Hundreds sroing daily. Are you?
Teamster?, laborers hammersmtn, drillers,
$2. $_ 5<>, $3, $'; 5o day.
Florence, center of great mines. Arizona.
FREE FARE— 8 HOURS DAY.
Tr> State of Nevada. Nevada — Nevada.
UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT WORK.
3335 drillers, teamsters, laborers.
Rockmen. concrete mixers, tunnelmen.
*2. $2 ?0. *J. *l ."if*; R hours: overtime paid.
1 Cost $1 fee, that's all: 2 years' work.
NORTH. FREE FARE— EAST. SOUTH.
1S6 laborers; no experience r_<_uired; you'll
suit.
FREE TO-DAY— YOU GO FREE.
GREAT LUMBER TRUSTS.
19»-> laborers, lumber companies, $'>5 tr> $W fd.
TO THE MINES AND QUARRIES.
3<5 laborers, foremen for mines, $4!>, $30 fd.
15 drillers, no fare to pay *67 5*>.
LABORERS— TEAMSTERS.
83 scraper and wagon teamsters. $2 23 day.
1S4 laborers, all over California, some la Saa
Francisco. $2 and $2 30 day.
35 laborers, 8 hours' work, dally, that's all,
$2 day.
HAY A-ND HARVEST HANDS.
01 haymakers, all over dta_e, $1 50 day and
found.
i 38 harvest hands, sack sewers, pitchers, etc..
$2 day and found.
¦ 18 teamsters, extra good jabs, $1 SO and $3
day and found.
DAIRYMEN', STABLEMEN.
64 milker*, extra good Joba, come see, $33,
$40 and found..
(t butter-makers, 2 cheesflmakers, $40, $30
and found.
, 19 stablemen, city, country Jobs, $73, $60.
$35 and found.
GARDENERS, CHOREMEN.
5 gardeners, private Jobs, boss here, $33 aad
$30 and found.
4S choremen and boys, different Jobs, $33, $30.
$23 and found.
16 haybalers. _:5c ton.
FRLITPICKERS. ETC.
55 orchard and vineyard hands, pern laasnt
Jobs, $20. $30. 53.1 and found.
16 fruitpickers, faro $1, extra good Jobs.
$26 fd.
DRIVERS — DRIVERS — DRIVERS.
63 hackdrlvers for San Francisco. $60.
MARRIED.
ft m«n and wives for farms, orchards, vine-
yards, dairies, mtnea, etc. $4O,$5O,$tJO,$7O fd.
MECHANICAL.
4 apprentice boys, city: crosscutter. logs, U.
Co.. $45 and found; tinner. $3 day; o-cross-
'cut sawyers; carefully read these.
TRADESMEN.
A sa«h and door hands, lumber company. $3
to $3 SO day.
IS b!ucksmtths. different places. $3. $3 60 day
6 carriage painters, $12 to $15 week.
Weavers on blankets.
2 brick loaders, country. 25c M.
Screw turners, edgermen, hook tenders.
Logger, understands rigging, L. Co., $60 fd.
12 shingle packers, cutoff sawyer.
Molder and sticker hand.
Carriage painters and sticker hand, $4 day.
Wheelwright, wheel machine, fare $1. $3.
12 coopers, slack work, call very early.
WOODCHOPPERS.
1SKJ woodchoppers, everywhere in the State.
Logger, Dolbeer logging donkey, $75 found.
MURRAY & READY. C34-638 Clay st.
18 COOKS, springs, resorts, hotels, camps.
— lines, ranches, saloons, etc.. $70, $30, $30,
$40. $30. $23 and found.
3 second cooks. $35 and $40 and found.
14 waiters, hotels, cafes, etc., $40. $33, $30.
S25 anc! found.
26 dishwashers. «<•<¦> us. $35, $30. $2O found.
' IS porters, bell and elevator boys, $30, $23,
$20, $15 and found.
LOOK.
4 hoys, city factories, $4 week; omnibus
boys.
Butcher bookkeeper, manag* country shop;
good wages.
Laborer, do hut char's work. $35 found.
, LAUNDRYMEN.
Laundryman, Institution. $30 and faind.
washers, laundrymen, all over California.
8 vegetable gardeners. $30 found.
BAKERS.
First, second, third, fourth hand bakers.
MURRAY A READY. 634-C38 Clay St.
LOOK—
2 apprentice boys for bakery. 15o far*. $1
w«ek.
10 laborers, lumber company, southeast. $43
found.
25 laborers, lumber company, fare $2 80, $33
found.
Blacksmith, wagon work. $2 73 day.
FREE FARE TO-DAY.
26 laborers, no experience wanted, $8*.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
MIDNIGHT orders. "
Read them carefully.
Blacksmith, ranch, steady, (rood Jab $82 fd.
Rough carpenter, factory, near city. $_. 50 dy,
2 plain painters, plain carriage work, city.
6 laborers, city factory. $1 75 day.
Camp cook. 10 men. $30 found.
2 young men. carpet etore. city, $40.
3 hostlers, city Jobs. $75.
10 farmers, same ranch. $35 fotmd.
Painter, city housework! $3 day.
4 carpenters, fare $1 50. $3 50 day.
Painter, city, good Job, $.3 day.
2 laborers, board home. $2 day.
Fireman, oil burner, fare $1. $2 8* day.
Married farmer. $2 day.
Milker and wife. Colusa Co.. $30 found.
Young man. work In nursery. $30 fouai.
FOREMEN.
Foreman ditch gang. $40 found.
Foreman vineyard orchanl. $30 up and fd.
Bread baker, fare $1 23, $17 week.
Cake baker, fare $1 25, $17 week.
Tamale maker, country Job.
Oxen teamster, lumber company, $30 femad.
Stableman, grader, lumber co., $23 found.
Biggest wages at MURRAY A READY'S. *
Best places at 634-636 Clay 9t.
MURRAY A READY.
MURRAY * READY.
MURRAY A F.EADY.
WE DID THE WORK.
The freight handlers' strike Is ov*r> — almost
before It was begun.
A more Ill-advised affair it would be hard
to conceive.
At a time when a large number of men ar«
walking the streets looking for work these
men saw fit to attempt to cinch the Southern
Pacific R. R. Co., and as a result now find
themselves out of Jobs while other and wiser
men hold their positions, and other hands will
receive the pay checks.
In the short space of three days w« supplied
the R. Tt. Co. with 533 men. and could have
doubled the number If necessary.
In our "Labor Problem" we declar«d our
conviction that the police of this city wer«
willing to do their duty if allowed to. and ths
events of the last few days have proven our
conviction to be correct. To Chief Wittman.
to Captain Splllane and the men under them
In the disturbed district, we wish to return
thanks for the protection which they afforded
OS while engaged in sending men there^ A
large number of strikers were gathered
around our offices and the railroad yards, yet
not a tingle case, of assault has occurred.
This irmaikable fact Is evidence enough of the
splendid protection, afforded by the police oC
San Francisco.
In conclusion we v wish to state that we har-
bcr no 1H feellnsr toward th» unfortunate
strikers and, as we know no distinction be-
tween^ man and man, cur services in securing
other positions for them are at their disposal,
should they see fit to avail themselves of them.
MURRAY & READY,
t>34 and 636 Clay St.
MURRAY A READY.
MURRAY A READY.
MURRAY A READY.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
F. M. GUNN. 63.S Commercial st.
Phone Main 1131 B doors from Kearny rt.
Free fare, company work, to Callente. Hu-
ron. Tropico. Woodland. Warren. Delano, la-
Ko— tar. Modesto and Slsklyou; all free fare;
ship to-day.
« Italian laborers for quarry, $60.
Nevada, ship to-day, teamsters, $2 23: 8 hr*.
15 laborers. 8 hours' work, $60; free fare;
long Job.
20 2-horse teamsters, free fare, $60; ship daily
Gang of ICO Greeks, company work, fre»
fare; board themselves. $1 60 day.
Gardener, private place, SCO and found.
Bricklayer for mine. $5 day; long Job.
Cooks, waiters and dtjihwashera.
Hundreds of other Jobs, come and see us.
10 laborers, lumber yards, ship to-day. Mea«
doclno County. $30 and found: call early.
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY.
05 THIRD ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 5321.
Tunnelmen. Humboldt Co.. $2 50 and $2 73.
Free fare half way. Long Job-
Teamsters for Arizona. $2: cheap fare.
Laborers. $2; S hours; fare 10c.
Laborers). $2; teamster*. $2; free far*.
Coopers, piece work: no strike.
Ranch hand. $1 25 and found.
Milker. American, %'M and fouad.
Sticker hand. $4.
Cabinet-rftakers. $3 50.
Nevada, .laborers. $2: teamsters. $2 22.
~r- : HORD A SMITH.
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
602 Clay st. Phon« James 2478.
Nevada. Nevada. On to Nevada.
Tunnelmen, Teamsters. Laborer*. — ..
5 carriage painters $3 SO day
20 pipe linemen C $2 25 day
10 Italian laborers for to-day. $_; day
2 blacksmiths, country. S- _W> day and found.
4 milkers, soud Jobs. $.".."i month and found.
2 orchard hands. $3O month and found.
W>J»TED — Educated gentleman who has good
knowledge of cyclopedias; $1200 per yearj
• references required ; university society. BeX
2109. Ca-1 office.
FLATS TO LET— Contlnoed.
BRODERICK, 22ft, near Oak— Mod«rn flat of 6
rooms, bath and servant's room; grand view
from every room; rent 132 50.
' LiARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & IIOAG. 116 Montgomery st.H _
LOWER flat. 110 and 114. and upper flat. US
Perry st.. near Third; water and ashes free.
TWENTY- THIRD. 3244, near Mis6ion — Five
nucny rooms and bath.
VALLEJO. 1008—7 rooms; second story upper
flat; marine view; $35.
WALLER. 1311— House ef 9 rooms; billiard-
room; bath; heater: modern; $50^
$35— MODERN flat of 9 rooms. 1303% Waller
St.. near Masonic ave. -
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED^
HAIGHTT^SsT^Burna Vista, cor. Central ave.
—Elegantly furnished flats; also unfurnished:
house has all oonvoniences and is situated in
select neighborhood.
OAK. 1183. panhandle— Flat. 4 rooms, or house
of 7 rooms, bath, phone, garden: $J5 to fw.
6-ROOM furnished flat, modern, to responsible
party. Box 2071, Call office.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
UPPER flat, 8 sunny rooms, handsome new
carpets, for sale; rent $33. 2126 Central ave.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ANDERSON Auction House at 19 Turk st.. nr.
Market, for furniture and everything for the
home at lowest prices. •
YOU oan buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 00 per week. T. Brilliant's
Pu— .Itur* Co.. S40 Post st.. near Powell.
FOR sale — Reasonable), furn ltura^of 8-room
flat; everything new and clean; no dealers.
Box 013. Call.
FURNITURE: of 7 rooms for sal* cheap; rent
$35. 157 Ninth st.
FOR eale — Furniture for 5 rooms. In storage
at present; Box C72. Call.
FURNITURE, stoves, bought, sold, exchangred.
Barger. 430 Valencia, nr.lBth.Tel.Church 3379
CHEAPEST place in city for second-hand fur-
niture. 9S6 Geary st Tel. Polk 1477.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ABE LEVY.
Salesroom. 1135 Market St. Tel. Jessie 781.
Don't sell your furnfture, carpets, offlc* fur-
niture, etc., until you get his estimate.
CHAS. LEVY & CO. pay highest price for fur-
nlture.carpcts. etc. 7S2 Mission; tel. Bush 413.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
"WANTED — Flrst-olass cook for. family. In the
mountains, no washing, $50; also flrst-class
laundress for the same place, $40; cook and
helper for sanitarium, $85, also dishwasher,
$23; three waitresses for resorts, $23; wait-
ress for springs, $25; waitress, near-by re-
sort, $30; second girl, $25; cook on ranch.
$30; i; cooks, plain washing. $30; 18 girls,
general housework, city and country, $25
and *30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
334 Sutter Bt.
A PANTRY maid, a laundry maid, also 6
waitresses for same mountain resort. $23
each; register early; a cook, small board-
Ins house, city, $35; a waitress for private
family, $35. .MISS PLUNKETT. 423 Sut-
ter St., near Powell.
WORKING housekeeper for a first-class room-
ing-house in Oakland: $20. board and room.
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter, nr. Powell.
A — 'WANTED — Girls to learn halrdreaslnr.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks: $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school in
Weat. 233 Geary i»t.. room 13.
A — GIRL to learn millinery now for spring »ea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
in 1 month for $13; ponlttoos as trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 par wk up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A — LADIES, learn all branches halrdresslnx
tcade. manicuring, massage, etc.; positions
secured at highest 'wages; day and evening
classes; thorough -ystem. Removed from 1233
Market st. to 133 Powell St.
WANTEI-* — Respectable woman to take care 15
rooms and wait on table daring meal hours.
Address box 218. Benlcia, C&l.
A COMPETENT second girl for small Ameri-
can family ? wages $25; state nationality.
Box 2078. Call office.
AN experienced saleslady wanted for cloak and
suit department. Address '"Cloaks," bax
2077. Call office.
WANTED — A German _rirl for second work
ond slain ironing; no washinr. 1817 Cali-
fornia at.
FINISlfERS on ladles' cloaks and suits. D. M.
* DAVIDSON & CO.. 52 First st.
EXPERIENCED copyholder ana reviser. Box
2112. Call office.
THREE finishers on men's coats. Apply 303
Montgomery ave.
GIRL for light housework. 1309 Utah St.,
near Twenty-fourth.
COOK, assist general housework: waves $30:
call morning. 431 13th St., • near Guerrero.
A NEAT young girl to assist In housework; 3
In family. Apply 217 Third ave., Richmond.
WANTED — A first-class cafe waitress; wages
$10 per week. 304 Mason st.
GIRL for housework; competent cook. 2323
Clay Bt.
WANTED — Youn_r lady for vaudeville sketch
to travel. Address B. G. GEORGE, room 4S,
Hotel St. Qement, 271 Foarth et.; apply be-
tween 6 and 0 p. m.
WANTED — Apprentice* to learn hairdresslns
and manicuring; paid while learning:. Apply
between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
TWO lady canvassers at once; new goods; lib-
eral terms; city and country. The Oatine
Co.. 121 Geary st.. room 721.
COOK for restaurant; must have rood refer-
ences. Box 2066, Call office.
APPRENTICES to learn halrdresslng; paid
while learning. COSGROVE'S. 110 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS hairdressers and majilcurer-
wanted. Apply at COSGROVE'S. 110 Geary.
A PROFITABLE outing; pick hops in August.
Write E. Clemens Hor_it. 122 Battery st.S.F.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions recetved at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisement* and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. rh. y
HELP WANTED — MALE.
AT THE CAX^EMPi_^MlMfT~AGENCY.
Third st.. near Call bldg.: phone Bush 405.
State of Nevada, cheap fare; refunded.
United States Government work. ,
23 teamsters, $67 50 a month.
13 laborers, $60 a month.
&0 drillers, rockmen. hamm_r»men, $70 mo.
SAWMILL CREW.
Blacksmith, Sonoma County, $16 a week.
Blacksmith helper. $30 and found.
Board puller. $45 a month and board.
2 tall edgermen, $40 a month and board.
2 second trimmermen, $40 and board.
1 offbearer. $40 ' and board.
6 section men, sawmill, $33 and board.
10 lumber pliers. $35 and board.
10 woodsmen, $35 to $60 and board.
8 men for rock quaiTy. $2 25 day.
8 woodchoppers. pine. $1 25 cord.
10 laborers, 8 hours, near city. $60.
4 haymakers. $1 50 a day and board.
2 boys, candy store, city, $7 week. _,
Cook few men. ranch. San Mateo Co., $20 fd.
CAL.' EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 14 Sd st.
MAN and wif« for private family; cook and
laundry work. $90; cook, wife and dish-
washer for sanitarium. $110: 2 hotel wait-
ers, $30 and found; porter and ehoreman for
springs. $25: elevator boy. $30, and others.
' J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
IRONERS. $13 week; milk wagon driver, tally
man and lumber sorter, $30 and found: chop-
per, $60 and found ; crosscut sawyers, $40 ana !
found; logging man. $35 and found; machine
¦ men for sash and door factory. $3 to $3 30
day: blacksmith, $2 50 day and board and '
$3 day; blacksmith helpers, $30 and found:
milkers, farmers, ehoreman, stableman $50
and found; harness cleaners, $50 and found:
old man to care for place, and others
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU
642 Commercial st.. near Kearny
Phone Bush 833. JOHN L. DRECHSLER.
South.. new work, long Job, 20 laborers, that
means you. handle pipe. etc.. $45 and found
fee $1; 10 laborers, large, lumber co., half-
fare, ship to-day. $30 and found; 20 laborers
20 teamsters. $2 day; new R. R.. north, free
fare; 10 farm hand's; 6 boys, sash and door
factory, north: 10 boys, box factories, north;
• 2 milkers; 2 cooks. .
A — HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12
Bus .boy, $25; second cook. $50; waiter^
officers' hall. $25; dishwasher. - $30: pot-
washer $30; 2 waiters. . $30; waiter, nurses'
hall. $30.
A BUTLER for steady place in city; $50;
* references. MISS PLUNKETT, 125 SutUr
et., near Powell. • ~ ¦ _
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDIONT~sunburjt and knife-plaiting.
Stewart's button and buttonhole factory, 110
Taylor at.; tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve, clans. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AT home In our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business
study in the entire West. New, complete,
extensive departments. Thorough, Inspiring
Instruction 75- page catalogue on request.
, CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 901-
025 Golden Gate ave.
A BIGGER BChool than ever. On June 1 w»
moved to new fireproof building, 738 Mission
1 Bt., between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light; finest in the Weat;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing.
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night eeesions: Illustrated catalogue free.
A — THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special sumer course. 414 Mason.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1435 Mar-
Itet. guarantees positions to graduates; Plt-
— tan shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $8 mow
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-.
ket at.; established IS years; special discount
during month of June; catalogue free.
HEALD'S School of Mlnes&Electrlclty,24 Post
St., 8. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
i complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING— 'Adults. Mon. and Frl. tvgs; Ju-««
* riles. Sat. 2 to 6; priv. lessons dally. Find.
lay's Hall. 17th. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. re tech.. sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day ev,; eat. 1864. Van
d«r Nalllen 8chool. 113 Fult/n, nr. City Hall.
PRIVATE lessons English, shorthand, etc., $4
mo. Western Business College. 1107 Market.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. ! $S per mo.;
mandolin club, $1 per mo. 828 Hatgbt st.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell st.; tel. Main 5752;
RELIABLE- Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 518S.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMEST WANTED — FEMALE.
YOUNG lady with exceptional ability as stenog-
rapher, typewriter and bookkeeper wishes
position; wages not less than $25 per month.
Box 2110, Call. /
A MIDDI.E-AGED German woman, with girl
10, wishes situation as cook or working
housekeeper In vicinity of school; city or
ccuntry; wages $25. Box 2117, Call office.
A YOUNG woman wishes washing and house-
cleaning by the day; wages $1 50 day. Apply
17',2 Welsh st., off Fourth, between Bryant
and Brannan.
A LADY would like to accompany family to
New Zealand; care for children or be of
general assistance; does not become seasick.
Address box 2553, Call office.
A SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes position to do
housework. 23S Twelfth st.
LAUNDRESS wants work by the day. 743
Folsom St.; phone Red 577. y
GOOD, strong American woman wants work
by the day sweeping and cleaning; a fine
flannel washer; satisfaction guaranteed. 943%
Mission et., between Fourth and Fifth, room
12, one flight of stairs.
A REFINED young woman with two months'
vacation would like to go to the country
with a respectable family as companion, or
take care of a child. Address D. R., Fruit-
vale P. O.-"-«.
COMPETENT, reliable good woman; work by
the day; washing and, ironing or house
cleaning; $1 60 a day or 75c half day and
*c'ar fare. Please Inquire at 68 Valley St.,
bet. Dolores and San Jose ave.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes place for cook-
ing and general housework; references; wages
$25. 2312 Van Ness ave., between Vallejo
and Green ete.
WANTED — Position by young lady o' experi-
ence at office work; good penman; can keep
books; can furnish good references. Box
1290. Call office. Oakland.
REFINED young lady would '.like position as
lady's companion; best of references; refined
home preferred. Box 2074. Call office.
SWEDISH girl for general housework or cook-
ing; good cook. Call at 22S Chapultepec st.,
between Eugenia and Virginia, off Mission.
WANTED— Any kind of work by the day; good
cook. 34' Sixth st.
EXPERIENCED nurse wants care of Invalid
or infant. 324 Mason St., phone Black 2396.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
, Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church st3.
WANT ads and subscriptions takan for The
Call at. Eaton's Bazaar, 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — MALE.
A YOUNG/colored man would llk» a place In
private family as coachman or would like a
place as janitor: can give the best of refer-
ences. Box 2007, Call.
A1GEKMAN. middle-aged and single, wishes a
'situation as clerk In grocery »tor» and bar-
room; first-class references. W. BOHLING,
417 Kearny st.
YOUNG man of good address wishes position
of any kind; good driver; understands horses
and care of automobile; Al references from
last employer ond others. Box 2076, Call.
A RELIABLE youmr man desires position as
stenographer and office clerk; has knowledge
of bookkeeping; 2 years' experience; Al ref-
erences. Box 2114, Call office.
SITUATION as foreman in a brick yard; have
burnt with coal, wood and oil; good refer-
ences. J. A. LANCE. San Jose, Cal.
POSITION wanted as man about place; rell-
ftble. conscientious, handy; experienced In
stock and poultry: reference*. Box 2116, Call.
SITUATION wanted by a flrst-class painter.
Box 20T8, Call.
YOUNG man wants housework, or general
work around private place. Box 2119, Call.
MECHANICAL draughtsman— Mechanic hav-
ing completed mechanical drawing course and
well advanced in complete mechanical, wishes
work as assistant, tracing or details. Ad-
dress 1 128 Tennessee st.
MAN and wife; young; man experienced
coachman r can do gardening, etc.; wife la a
good cook; city references; city or suburbs.
Box 2570. Call office.
A GOOD and honest boy, with flrst-class ref-
erences, who is an experienced elevator op-
erator, wants a situation. Address box 2571,
Call office.
YOUNG — ian wants work of any kind. Box
2106. Call.
Painter, paper-hanger, slgnwrlter, wants work;
tools furn. 1272 Folsom St.: phone Mint 131.
A JAPANESE boy wants situation to do house,
work and plain laundry. I.,F., 451. Jessie st.
PLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT. "
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed In our free renting department; over 1000
in number; a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fall: service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO.,
1039 MARKET ST..
: ¦ OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
_____
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an immense lls-t:
service absolutely free: take . advantage i of
this department; it will save you time ami
trouble. . Cordes Furniture Co.,. 245-259
• Geary St., on the square. \ •
VAN NESS ave., 631— Most elegant corner
flat in city to ' lease; private family only;
rent $85; open 11 a. m. to 4 p. m. Apply
on premises or to. BALDWIN iiHOWELL.
HAYES. 602, corner Buchanan — Nice, sunny
flat, 6 rooms and bath; modern Improve-
ments.
NINETEENTH and Castro sts.; NW. cor.— Sun
all day; upper flat; 7 rooms and bath;
modern; $30. .
NOE. 1054. corner Elizabeth — 5 sunny rooms; '
new; yard, basement; convenient to\Twenty-
fourtii and Castro cars; reasonable. \
MERRITT, 23, bet. 17th' and 18th— 5 rooms and
bath; modern: $18; take 18th-st. cars.
WALLER. 170SB, near park entrance — Lower
sunny fiat; 3 rooms; gas, tubs, mantels; $12.
A FLAT of 6 "rooms and bath; rent $18. 1650
\ Page st. ¦ :
FILLMORE, --. 1126 — 7-room ¦ flat; ¦¦ rooms . all
vlight; modern; furniture for sale.,
HARRIET. 04. near Sixth— Flat 8 rooms, .-up-'
** . etalra; $28 a monthsTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 9, 1904.
13
REAL ESTATE — CITV # — FOH SAI_7.
THOMAS MAGEE _¦ SONS
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
' . THREE NEW FLATS.
*n.ooo.
RENTS $145 A MONTH.
NEARLY 13 PER CENT.
New and growing property.- T
First-class residence locality.
One line of cars passing and iinother electrtS)
line lj block away, transfering to any part
of the city.
Three 'flats Just finished.
Each fiat ha» 7 rooms, bath, reception hair
and storage room. .
Splendid Interior arrangement and finish:
first-class plumbing; fine sunny exposure
south and west; key lot with established
and permanent space
Will always rent. ' \ V
This l» an exceptionally good buy.
Call at offlce at once for particulars.
McAllister street.
Has 2-story building on 'it. which could b«
rrfoved to the front ami a store, put below
and small building put In rear of lot; cr
moved to rear and new building of store
and 2 flats built In front of lot.
In business district, and will rent uteadllr.
THOMAS MAGFE A PONS,
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
$1 23 PER week: no interest: lots an the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract: all level; no grad*
Ins to do; ready to build your little horn*
en; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE. - '
26 Montgomery it., room 5.
FOR sale— $12,000. cash $2000. 3 swell marine
view flats not yet completed; rents $1.12O
per annum: north line Green st.. Nos. 1SA4-
66-68. east of Laguna: every room is and will
be sunny: every possible latest Improvement;
. let 25x137:6. Apply at the premises. 11 to 3.
FREE homestead presented by Uncle Sam un-
der new Government canal In Nevada. Se«
J. E. GORDON. 628 Crossley bldg.. 2:30 to S
p. m. dally.
FOR sale — Fine 3 fiats; 6 and 7 room*, bath;
paying property: central; leaving city; no
agent. Box 2104. Call. , •
$7500 EACH— 3 new 9-rooms and bafti dwell-
irgrs; elegantly furnished; on Fell st.. 23
feet west of Flllmore.
AoNEY at 6 per cent for the full cost of
buildings and rart lot. Mar.hattaa Savings
Bar.k. 107-8-9-11 Crocker building.
FOR «ale— 2 houses: each 8 rooms and batb;
lot 2Sx84. Apply 978 Pine st.
ALL. work ruaranteed first class by AHL-"
BACH A MATER. Plumber*. 83a Howard st.
REAL ESTATE — Country — For Sale.
ALFALFA lands/ stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 648
Market st.
SOUTHERN Oregon Irrisr.ited lands, dairy
farms, stock ranches, alfalfa land, timber
land, mines. S. C. TRAYNER. S«t4 Kearny.
PO1ST RICHMOND UK VI. ESTATE.
4 CHOICE lots for sale cheap for cash. Ap-
ply 328 Bush St.. room 4. third floor.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
INCOME Oakland property to exchange for
good country property. P. C. LASSEN. 46»
Tenth st.. Oakland. Cal. .
TlPEWRITF.nS AXD SUPPLIED.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. t
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and inwer prices; rentals $2 50. -Th*
Typewriting Exchange, 53G California st.
A FEW gond typewriters at $-1rt each: get par-
ticulars cf L. A Sh ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired,
t Wtbster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 80S Market.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'_rNT3
BERKELEY HEAL KSTATE.
BERKELEY BUSINESS FrOPERTY~_« an
Investment la equal to anything on the.
coast. There Is money to be made by buy-
ing that class of property — five local trains
every hour from Berkeley atatlon to 8aa
Francisco.
Berkeley is a Tillage no more— It la th»
center of California for many things.
BERKELEY IS CALIFORNIA; - * I
SOME GOOD BUYS.
A thoroughly well-built two-story brick build-
ing, a NW corner 6 stares below and flat*
above, paying well.
A fine corner on Shattuck ave.. very promi-
nently located; vacant; there's money la It.
A stone and brick warehouse. flw«d with com-
partments, elevator etc.. ia a buslnesa center;
leased fcr five years.
A .business block on Telegraph ave.. 2 store*
and flats above with vacant corner adjota-
Ing for flats; a choice proposition.
JOS. J. MASON.
Cor. Center and Shattuck. Berkeley.
FOR PALE.
$2900 — A beautiful new cottage of 5 rooms,
with bath, large china closet, sideboard and
mantel, combination gas and electric light
f fixtures, large porcb. 7- foot basement under
entire house, stationary tubs, double floor".
cement sidewalk macadamixed street; lot
40x100; only 2 blocks of school: 5 minutes*
walk from station: 10 minutes from univer-
sity; situated at 1903 Virginia St.; $1150 cash,
balance at $22 per month, including interest
and principal.
MORAN & SWAIN.
2131 Sh&ttuck ave.. opp. Berkeley sta.
GOOD Investments near new Santa Fe.
ALL ON EASY PAYMENTS.
End of block: 271 ft. frontage on track; two
blocks from Berkeley station $23<V>
Lot 23x100: 1. block from railroad $200
Lot 40x133: mac: within H block H.",i»
Half block adjoining R. R. property $2C0O
Buy where values are increasing.
Several hundred other lot% an', a number of
cheap houses.
CHAS. A. BAILEY. 10W University ave..
Near San Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
;;;./"-¦. BERXEI.EY BOOMS.
BERKELEY or' Oakland — Rooms and board
- wanted by family (4 adults), requiring _
bedrooms, with private bath and sittlnK-
room; good location; full particulars with
terms. Easterner, box 2103. Call office.
LOST AXD FOIJXD.,,
LOST— Sunday, near life eavlng station on
Ocean boulevard, gold watch and fob; watch
marked F. E. B.; both watch and locket con-
tained photos of women. Liberal reward will
be paid upon return to J. M. CREMIN. Call
business olrii-e.
LOST— A whlte~buli terrier with two black
— ?ots on each ear; answers to name of Hec-
tor; suitable reward will toe paid for return.
Apply subscription wlndcwtTall business of-
fice.
LOST— In the Emporium, or between the Em-
v porium nnd Will «¦ Kinck's. June 8, piece of
embroidery, pansy design; return to New-
man & Levison, 129 Kearny St.: reward.
IjOST— A passbook with thTHibernla Savings
and Lean Society of San Francipco. In the
name of JAMES CARTER, No. 272-851. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— June 6. 1004. a lady's irold watch. Inl-
tfals R. H.. between Third and Folsom.
Geary and Kearny sts.; reward. 52 Geary
street.
LOST— Between Montgomery st. and Spreckels
Market, a diamond pin with small star pend-
ant; liberal reward. 227 Clipper st.
L-cscEcs ro» man.
cTTA7~S^ : EIL_rLTLXCIl CO.. foot of Clay
et.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 834.
J. Michaeliw launch Co..Unlon-st. Wharf: boat-
Ing Ac excursions. 6 Steuart st. ; tel.John 2686.
¦-^ j_i____5- _i: : „ '
LtADIES de«!rtng safe, sure and quick relief)
from irregularities consult me; my methods '
are painless and reliable: no failures; no ex- I
orbitant fe«». CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 j ears' experience In all fe-
rrtle disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
702 Market st., rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WTETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
(guaranteed: 30 year'* experience. 826 Post St. |
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
maie troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1006H Market st.. opp.- 5th.
VALPETAU'- female pills; bett regulating pills
Fold; price (2 A0 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price $8. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh' and
Broadway, Oakland.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult ca*ee treated;
advice free. Office. 101S Market st.
SPECIALIST for women; DR. R. H. WES-
TON. Gfflce 3"5 Keamy st.; hours, 10-4. 7-8;
ccnsi'.lt a graduate physician; it pays; Irregu-
larities relieved; safe, sure and confidential.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, above *'an Ness — Ex-
pert In obstetrics, female complaints; lnst.
relief; treatment $ 10; hours 10 to 5; 23 yrs.ex.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement ; best medical care; low feea.
MRS. DR." GWTER, having secured lease of
wemioe?. te permanently located at 511A
Leavenworth ft., bet. Oeary and O'Farrell.
LADIES' Irregularities cured; IS years' ex.;
private. DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny St.
LADIES — Kutnround; safe. sure, never fails;
$2. Gleaj^n-Rugglea Drug Co.. Keamy & Clay.
DR. ROSEN resides 2935 Folsom St., corner ,
26th: ladies, relief or no fee; _ $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 112C Market.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
MISCELLAXEOL'S — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TC-H A WOLPMAN. 195-107 Fremont st.
STANDARD oil rig. fully equipped, and l.V»
feet of casing. 11% In. to 7% In.; also 1500
feet of 8 and 6 inch drive pipe. Apply for
rwrtlpulara GAFFEY _ MAHON. 605 Cali-
fornia st. '' [
DOES TOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite: In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting _r coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 71S Market ft.
FOR SALS.
Ten-horse power engine and boiler in good
cordition, price floo.
E. BISHOP,
436 Tenth St.. Oakland.
AA— CHICKS. 10c; large variety of thorough-
bred eggs at half price, $1 per 13. Ingleslde
Poultry Yards, 807 Mt. Vsrnon ave.. Ocean
View; car to steel bridge.
ID-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. eta. bought sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale rt.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
rcors with ' Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to stop all leaks in the one and preserve the
new. 205 Front st.; tel Main 1428.
A— FINE units. *7 50; dress pants, $2 50. £»rtg-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny st.,
near Bu«h; open to 9 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear at.
A— 40 BAnRELS of bonded whisky for sale;
smaller large lots. Unlfed Loan and Trust
Co., 21 Stockton st. *
FOR SALE-^-Good second -hand wharf plank.
$<1 60 per M. LEROY BRUNDAGE. 2011
Seventeenth st.
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo,
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS., _3
Stockton st. '
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
FMill wlekly payments. United Loan and
TniFt Co., 21 Stockton st. *
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st.,
upstairs.
ALTERATION aale — Best $2 50 hats, $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny Bt., near
Pine; open to 9 p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our cpen's shoes at $1 and Jl 50 pair;
foot-fornr shoes at |2 50: we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
SECOND-HAND sealskins, old gold and dia-
monds bought; send postal; will call. New
Municipal Loan Office, 617 Washington st.
A BARGAIN: 7-inch three-tone steam siren;
good as new. Box" 2072, Call office.
A 40-KEY National cash register. $60. Croclc-
ery store. Fourth and Mission ata. %^-g.
Desk sale this week only, 20 per cent off regu-
lar prices. Richardson Bros., 1616 Market at.
BEST white lead 7c per pound; to painters
less. BUTCHER. 741 Mission st.
FOR aale — Elegant 60-Hght electric bath cabi-
net reasonable. Electric Works, 227 Eilla at.
AWNINGS. tents,new,second-hand. SUN TENT
A AWNINO CO.. 42 Spear at. ; tel. John 6486.
TENTS for re— it or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT A AWNINO Co.,35 Mkt.Tel. Bush 858.
PIGEONS — AH the leading varieties; stamp for
catalogue. C. WILSON, office 229 Stevenson.
BRITANNICA Encyclopedia, latest edition, 31
vol«. KINO'S. 61 McAllister «t.. nr. Market.
EDISON Phonograph Agency, Peter Badgalupi,
moved to 786 Mission at.
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap; some
new; lCxlC. 319 Third St.; tel. Main 413.
APK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montg'y.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds and watches;
easy payments. GAUIN, 803 Hayward bldg.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 M&rket at.
SOME cood second-hand 'gasoline engines. 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck A Co., 122 Mkt.
BAFES— New and second-hand. . THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 807 Battery at. V
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, Mle; rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck. 131 Port St.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK j
A CO.. 122 Market et. ¦ ¦ I
OA SOLINE engines, automobiles and 1-unches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK, 4C Fremont st.
A WEEK'S news for 3 cents— The^VeeXly Call.
1C pages, tn wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WAyTS.
BIG prices paid for <old gold, •eaUkins, dia-
monds, gents' full dress cults, etc.; send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 25
Stockton st. - "
WANTED— To buy second-hand waffle Irons
for wagon. Box 2070. Call offlce.
MORRIS gives highest prices fcr ladles' and
gents' caatoff clothing; postal. 643 Folsom.
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing. Te7
Davis 825; «.» Sacramento m.. ' \
TILTON wants (rood second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th at.; tel. Jessie 2851.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
-McCarthy Co., 782 Mission; phone Bush 4>j~.
FHOES wanted; misfit & castotf; highest prcs.;
new and 2dr hand shoes for eale. 749 Mission st.
nrj.r wasted — MAi,n--r«m. t
AT C. R. IIANSEN & OO-*E Emp. Agents)
*•-» BotJi t i 612 Clay *t.
NEW R. It. WORK
Kor f-iuthorn California, fare $«5
Tfanmery. $- a «lay
F«r HumboMt Co. — Tunnelmen." driller*, new
work, *2 50. f2 75; :jtate of Nevada. Gcvern-
ii)-r.t work. t> hour*, teamsters, laborers. $-
to S- 15. -.,!¦¦-, Ih».
1" fvandir.avisn rn-ainprn for the woods.
£S and fi.ur.ii; '20 tannern. haymakers, milk-
« i>. $;»D to $4»; milker and choreman, spring*.
i-0; all-round Jmu-!i«r, <.t>untry. $"£ and id.
Second cook, hotel, city, $70; -vegetable cook
»]¦.. <an tr>i:k- wafflr*. ?M) and found; man
i" help in laundT. summer rosort, fare paid,
;>30: or*tcr opener, lirst-clsss country hotel.
fi«-e fare. $:>.'; .. pet washer »bo can clean
i.iiii-ke:is, make himi-df generally useful,
•••¦untry hotel, free laro, t'SO; porter*, "bell-
I ¦ r». dishwashers, city and country. $13-$30.
• '. R. HANSKN & OO...Umrloyment Agents
(T9 Bash *t 642 Clay it.
A MILKEIt and chorcman fo* springs, $30. C.
It. HANSMN Sc CO.. 429 Rush et.
A- KITTMIliX rtewanl. first-claps country ho-
Icl; $U«O. C. It. HAXSEN _ CO., 42» Bush.
ANDOC- office, 31" Rti>ckton St.— Butler,
rtrall family, country, J40 to $4^ coachman
and tend to- garden, private place, $30;
<»«:ter. Institution. f2S; yard man and do
~ me driving, fcoopltal. $25; porter, family
l'-'tei. Jirt; launrtryman for resort. $30:
¦ $15, etc.
WANTED — 2 flatten prves feeder- on unl-
»ei»a] rrrws. Mutusi !? and L. Co.. box
department. Bryant st. entrance.
WANTED— A steady man to learn a trade;
• 111 make in short time $M> a month. 810H
Folsom tt., tipetaire.
A MAN of Indomitable' energy and pu*h. a
good taiker. eager to make mnuy. F. PER-
SON. 477 and 478, Parrott buildlr.g :
•"¦ITERATORS on ladies' clnsks and suits. D.
M. DAVIDSON & CO.. r>2 Firstj-t^
"WANTED— Experienced clothing talesmen. Ap-
ply S. N. WOOD &r CX>.. 740 Market «t.
MAN or woman to wash napkins. «512 Kearny
__«reet. ._
N"~AT-AFPEARINO energetic man of good
address. Apply 121 Geary tt.. room 629.
WANTED— m*h-a*her at 12C8 Ma*cn »t.
WANTED— A first -clais rtfefcerman. Palo
Alto Planing Co.. Palo ASto. Cal. <-
BARBERS — 3-chalr ehop for *a!e; centrai;
goo<j opportunity, f.00 Montgomery ft.
WANTED — Toung man cf college education.
one who ha* been an advertiser or been en-
Ca^red In newFpaper work; a good opportuni-
ty for a bright young man to become an ad-
'.VrtUer: will pay liberal eaiary for party
with the required qualifications. Apply
HALE BROS. 1 , between 9 and 11 a. in.
WANTED — Accountant from 23 to 35 years of
age; must be first-claes mathematician. Ap-
ply berwera 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS."
ALL
Mfn to learn the BARBER TRAtfE: only
eipht weeks required; positions secured; con-
stant practice and expert instruction; Epcclal
Dffier and catalogue mailed free.
MOHLER SiST_M COLLEGE. 6S5 Clay et.
WANTED — Three first-cia*s carriage black-
'jalths and three first-clars body makers;
Pood wag>-s« and steady employment to right
:*rtie». Apply A. MEISTER & SONS CO..
Saoramer.tn, Cal.
V. ANTKD — Laborers and mechanics to know
t!i_t Ed Rolkin, R*-no House proprietor, has
addej lCit new rooms to the Denver House,
-17 Third «.; 2. r x) roomp; 25c to 50c per night.
EXCELLENT opening for hustling solicitors;
f=tea!ly and sood paving positions. Appiy 850
Market «., rc-cms 43 and 44.
MEN and wcrr.en war.ted to learn the barber
:rade, free of ch*r_e. Gillett College of
liarbtrs, 047 CcsarnercJal et.
'. ¦-. V cur men's thou, union made, at $1 and
(1 &0 pair; foct-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
'ijress or mail charges. 11 Sd St., Exam, bid.
BARBER war.ted— A pood, steady barber, neat
appearance, wanted Monday; steady. Cal» or
address DaUon Kirkpatrick. Los Gatos. Cal.
PRESSES en rents* clothing. Golden West
Clothing Renovatory, 121 Montgomery st.
WANTED— 75 n-.en to handle freight. Apply
•:t —.•ota 2S Hobart building. 632 Market rt.
WANTED — Ycur.g man trr cellar Trk. erock-
• ry ftore; cxper. H. O. Wlede, 4thtMi«sion.
WANTED— Ncn-unlcn laborers used to hand-
ling freight R. 25, 239 Powell; 6a.m.to5p.m.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 828 Montgy. r. 415.
1ZXPERIENCED ccntlnuou* kiln setters and
burners. Apply 927 Market St.. room 306.
OLD- ESTABLISHED barber shop; 2 chairs;
. good location; living room*. 1838 Mission.
A profitable outing: pick hops In August. Writ*
K.CLEMENS HORST CO.. 122 Batteryrt-S-F.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade; wages
while leazxinjr. 7*1 A Howard St.
SAILORS and young man (green hands) for
Ehips. HALLBERT. C17 Jackson et.
PeSMtea Atty.. E. A. BuIMe, r.4O, Phelan bldg.
Pact Coir.. Geo. IL Thomas Post, O. A. R.
_>1LORS and ordinary eeas ten for all parts of
the world at HERMANS. 27 Steuart rt.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — Tw coctns; 35c night; reading-rooms;
frc-e 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISMENTS. subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church vts.
A BRANCH of3ce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market et., opposite Fifth.
' ; • :. until 11 r. m.
ALL sir** men'* shoes, slightly damair*d.half
price. r>«3 MiFs'.cn *t., bet, in and 2d «ts.
GET your «fco*s half-eoled while waiting; 2Sc
to r>Qc. .V.3 Mission Bt.. bet, lft and 2d £ta.
HORSES A.VD WAGONS.
KENTUCKY SADDLE HORSES. "~
A number of fine caddie bcrses belonging to
the Airerlcan Saddle Hcrse Breeding Farm of
Fan iJirgo _-e on exhibition and for sale at
the Ean Francisco Riding Club, Seventh and C
rtf.; irice $500.
FOR aale— Pacing ir.are.'$175; 7 years old. very
•'an: ctct'.e In every respect; safe for wo-
man to drive; will go double. For particu-
lars addrtjg box 960. Call.
AI.'CTION *_te every Tuesday; horses, wag-
ons. *urreye, busgles. caru and harness; at
1140 Fr.lsoir : st.
FOR ealf— Bay home, B years old. 1100 lbs.
15>i hands; good buggy horee; also broken
to aaddle; p-ricctiy gentle. Box CM, Call.
Ton sale— One fine biack c riving or saddle
hoTM, suitable for lady, at Dexter Prince
fcta.blct. 1541 CrqUe n.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round: near B:ark Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Xucicut EtAbles. 19U Stevenson. S. F.
FOR sale— Hcrse. harass and double-seated
. . country buggy; £55. ms Grove st. %
CAMP waffon fcr hire. Apply 1421 Buchanan
street.
SECOND-HAND camping wagon. 843 Howard
street. I
ONE double and cne sirjr'e Mt «jf tuery har- I
ness for eale. Box 5C3. Call offlce.
. TOR eale — Light runr.Irjj rubber tired burrv
Box SS5. C-ll offlce. "*'
ECIUcEL borte for sale, 7 years old: tme and
gentle Box 72a, Call office.
I'CR sale — Two second-hand platform epring
• wagone and one truck. '- ~i lieale *;.
KEtT and second-hand wagons. a!l kinds, at
" :.'. Market %x.. opp. Frank] In.
WAGONETTES, surreys, bustles, wagrn*. har-
vftr. work and driving horses. ISth-Valcncla.
•'.USA PEST and be«t In America — The Weekly
' nil le. iiagci. sent to any address tn the
T'ntte/I Pt»te> rr one year for II. •
IJOISES TO LET.
>_pni.VYED liFt of house* to let; send for eir-
tular. G. II. UMCSKN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
TO _.rrr— Fine house and rtable. 131 Thir-
teer.th »t. • '
IIOISCS FXIIXISHEO VOlt SALE.
iflCELY furrlehrd house r,f 7 rooms, close In;
trill fcdl Tel. Polk SS41.
" "' "U0f-ES""iVAXTEDi
V ANTED — b-room modern bouse; north at
J'in* et.. wtet of Van Ness ave., from July
' or ist»r; rerjKmclble tenant. Address box
glCg. Call office. ¦
ixvl:_tme>ts.
GOOD wyeFtmenl— A limited auniDer of shares
lit 23c per chare; this stock will be worth
ooe dollar <!1) per chare wi:n:n a year; call
<r write Osceola Mining; and Development
-¦ *~«tBp»_y. <1« Crossley building, S. F.
FRUITVALE ADV'BT'S'M'NTSl
sA SENSATIONAL fire — Storage pianos and
/ funjlture will be removed to North Beach
and burned if not sold In a few days; this
means storage pianos and furniture almw.
cheaper than fire wood, and must l>«* re-
moved. Whitehead's Storage, 1O1 Market.
PIANOS for rent; $3 per month; the largest
and best stock In San Francisco to select
from; pianos from $."0 upward: our line the
bent, our, prices the lowest. SCOTT CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 560-64 Hayes st.
A BEAUTIFUL Stelnvray upright Krand, as
1 good as new; cheap. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
$1C5 — STEINWAY upright: private party; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Oeary st.
NEW pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHM1TZ & CO.. 1* McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chlckering baby grand;
fihonlnger. little uned. Keeffe's. 285 O'Farrell.
OFFICES AXI) ITOttta TO LET.
CHURCH. 13iHV-- Fine store; 5 rooms, bath.
gas ; large yard; stable; cheap.
FINISHED basement with sidewalk elevator.
970*9 Valencia st., nr. Sixteenth; reasonable
OFFICES— 289 Poet, cor.- Stockton: all light &
on street; lined to s*lt tenant; rent satlsfac.
:.g PERSONALS.
ATTENTION.
See the exhibition In window at Colon Drug
Co., corner 8utter and Stockton sts., a living
face with wrinkles and bagginess removed
from one side: contour and color of youth re-
stored. Treated two years ago by
M. ELLA HARRIS.
| 781 OTarrell St.. near. Larkin.
- LOST— MRS. JULIA KIEL, aged 74. from 312
Eleventh aye.. Richmond district; wearing
black dress, shawl and hat with bunch of
violets and black feather. Any one aeetng
her please notify above addrese.
DR. ROWELL 1 8 Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 32 Turk St.. 8. F.
A NEW METHOD— Your bust positively devel-
oped and enlarged by my method; magnetic
massage -by appointed graduate, old school;
strictly confidential. MRS. HOLSHOUSER.
637 Bush St.. apt. 309; phone Front 87.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its. growth, stops falllng.cures dandruff
and ltchlag scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists'. hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. 6t»r Remedy Co.. m<* Folk
: Cancerous lumps, nores, Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured iby
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Centf-al
Pharmacy. 328 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
CHTLO — Positive cure for Indigestion, dys-
pepsia and preventive of appendicitis; by
rnall VOc, 25c, 50c per box. The Chylo Co..
121 Geary st.. room 721.
"VITAL ring" produces . healthy circulation;
curing organic weakness drains. vaMcocele.
etc.; easily worn; $2 50 postpaid; physicians
recom. them. Dr.Bumard Co.. 140 Geary, S. F.
RAG caroets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille -wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine In hank or chain, at lowest
ratea. Geo. Matthews. 70» Fifth st.. Oakland.
A FINE salt to order on easy Installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Market at,
between Seventh and Eighth.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 5O
down and SI 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340, Post, near Powell.
PARISIAN DERMATOLOGY PARLOR" is
transferred to 327 Geary st., opp St. Fran-
cls Hotel. «
SUPERFLUOUS hair A moles removed by else*
trie needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Travers. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 JO.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Actina restores lost eyesight: cures deafness and
catairh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ler r. 600. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books. wl»i;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Us natural color; $1. at all druggists'.
A WEEK'S news for 3 cents— The Weekly Call.
IB rat'i In wrapper, for - la'llnr. $1 per -»«r
PALMISTRY.
A— MME. LYMAN, scientific palmist, recently
from East. 460 Geary St.; phone Green 39.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 513
Taylor St.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
yAT-orra.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law, 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st.
PHYSICIA.\S AXD *-Un,GEO5S. 1
DR C C b'DONNELL — Offlce and residence.
1021H Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; partlcu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073H Market st. V
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor:
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated ateSTGeaTys^jnearLeavenwo^th^^
DR. TONG PO CHY, successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and tys. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO- the famous herb doctor — All dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS — State Prison Supplies — Sealed
proposals will be received at the - office of
the Clerk at the State Prison, San Quentln.
until 10:30 a. m.. SATURDAY, the 18th day
of June, 1904, and at the offlce of the Clerk
' of the State Prison at Folsom until, 9:30 a.
m SATURDAY, the 25tb day of June.
1904 at which times and places they will
be opened li the presence of bidders, for
furnishing and delivering supplies for said
prisons, consisting of subsistence stores,
forage, fuel fuel Oil. furnishing power to
' run the jute mill and electrical appliances
for jute mill at San Quentln. clothing, med-
icines, lime, cement and other staple sup-
plies from July 1. 1904, to June 30. 1903, In-
clusive, on conditions as per printed sche«-
* ules which will be furnished upon . applica-
tion at either of the above offices. No bid
will be considered unless made upon said
schedules, nor unless accompanied by the
certified check therein required, nor* from
any other parties than bona fide dealers in
the classes of articles to be furnished. Each
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check upon some well known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid. payable to
the President of the Board, conditioned that
the bidder win enter Into a contract upon
notice of acceptance, as required by law.
Bids for either prison must be marked sep-
arately. All payments made on contract will
be paid In cash or Controller's warrants.
Bidders will carefully follow the conditions
of the schedules. *The Board reserves the
right to reject any or all bids, as the publio
interest may require.* and to order any quan-
tlty over or under the amount speotfled.
R. M. FITZGERALD, President. J. M.
OLIVER. Clerk. /
NOTICE to bidders— Sealed proposals will be
received until June 21, 1904. at 7:30 o'clock
p. in., by the Council of the City of Eureka
for $50u0 4V» P«r cent Forest Park Improve-
ment bonds; $100,000 4% per cent City Hall
"bonds; $13,000 *Vt P« cent fire apparatui
purchase bonds, and $35,000 4V4 per cent
•ewer completion bonds, issued by the city
of Eureka under the act of. the Legislature
of the State of California of February 23,
1001 (Statutes 1901, page 27). They will be la
denomination aa follows: Forest Park Im-
provement bonds. $129; City Hall bonds.
$500; fire apparatus purchase bonds. $.173.
and sewer completion bonds, $873; said bonds
will be dated on or after July 1, 1904. Prin-
cipal and Interest payable at the offlce of
* the City Treasurer! of the city of Kurslca.
Interest payable seinl-annually, one-fortieth
of principal payable annually, all In United
Etates gold coin. All bids must be accompa-
nied by a certified check for 6 ptr cent of
the bid payable to the Mayor of the city of
Eureka, State of California. The city of
Eureka contains a population of 11.000. as-
sessed valuation $5,800,000, with present
bonded indebtedness of $109,250. Incurred, la
1902. J. P. WUNDERLICH. City Clerk.
DIVIDEND NOTICE-.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Bulld-
Ing Society. 6th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building. 708 Market st., opposite Third—
For the. balf year ending 31st of December,
1003, a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
> capital stock and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY, January 2, 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG, Secretary.'
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powderl Com-
pany. Con.: A dividend. No. 66, or fifty
cents ' (5Oc) per share on the Issued capital
stock of the company has been declared, pay.
able at the offlce of the company, rooms 202.
204 and 2C6. Hayward building. San Fran-
cisco on June 10. 1OO4. Transfer bonks close
June'3. 1904. at noon. C. C. QUINN. Sec'tary.
X '¦ ¦PECIALISTS.
CATAnRHr_»_^FN_:__' l ___' NOISEStn EARS
positively cured: new methods: 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham, CM Sutter at. * ,
BJOXEY TO _,OAX--Contlnnftd. ¦
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest- rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co., 69 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market at.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
840 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds,, jewelry, gealskini
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protect-
ed from burglaries by electricity, PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE, 25 Stockton ; phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
'security; easy payments; large business In
46 principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and. Trust Co., 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484. ¦ i
1 PER cent fcn furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick.
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st., rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, • silver,
diamonds, pearls and previous stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
AT, lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy: no commission ; Installments accepted.
BONELLI, 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311, Mutual Sav. Bk.
bid; Oaklano~ofnce. 1103^ Brdwy.. suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE,' 103- Grant ave.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
MONEY to loan .' for building purpose.' low
rate; private party. 234-235 Parrot bldg.
ALL loans on' diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. 8.' F. Collateral Loan Bpnk, 538 Kearny.
$850— House. 5 rooms: rood well; lot 50xS0:
near school; term* $100 cash, balance $10>
'per month; Allendale.
$isoo—
ONE ACRE CHOICE LAND. SEMINARY
"> AVENUE.
$1050 — House. 2 rooms; city water and sewer;
lot 70x110; 10 minutes' walk from sta-
tion ; reasoeable terms.
$25£O — House. 8 nice rooms and bath; high
basement; hot and cold water; chicken-
houses and runs; apple, pear, cherry,
'plum and almond trees; corner lot; 133x
143; 2 blocks from car line and school;
terms $50<> ca«h. balance bank loan.
$1000 — House. 3 lance rooms. 2 large cloaets:
chicken- houses and barn; lot 130x100;
terms. $200 cash, balance $7 or $S per
month.
$1700— A beautiful cottage. 4 largo rooms,
hall,' bath, closets, gas; cement side-
walks; chicken and pigeon houses; lawn:
palm trees, flowers and berry bushes;
terms ?-<»• cash. Balance to suit pur«
chaser*
ONE MONTH COMMUTATION TICKET
FREE TO EACH PURCHASER. -
TV. E. RUDELL.
Cor. Fruitvale avo. and Washington St.,
FRUITVALE, CAL.
I GIVE COMMUTATION TICKETS AWAY.
FREE COMMUTATION TICKET TO
EVERY PURCHASER.
FUU1TVALB R-AL ESTATE.
- MOXE3Y TO LOAN— Continued.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, Indorsed notes and other security. 8.
F. Dlacount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
' Trust Co.., 31 Stockton st. .¦ •
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 70S Market st.
1U PER cent on furniture and piano*; no com.
charged. ELFVING. 610 Hearst bid., Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. -MORELL. 600 Examiner building.
M US IP AIj I J» a^TRUMB NTS.
ALL UPRIGHTS. "
. Neubert, . new $250, now $60.
Fischer, new $325, now $85.
Hert*. new $300. now $87.
Russell, new $385,. now $135.
Colby, new $428, now $180.
2 Chlckerlngs, new $450, now $100, $135.
2 Steinways. new $575. $750, now $183, $325.
Heine, new $575, now $333.
' And 50 others; squares fcr next to nothing;
rents $2 up; Installments $4 up; old organs
or pianos taken in exchange; tuning $2, fin-
est workmanship. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-
237 Geary at. ; Oakland, 1252 Broadway.
AAAAA — FINE assortment of second-hand up-
rights from $40 up, including such makes as
Chlckering. Vose.l Steinway, Steck. Knabe.
Mathushek. Sterling. ¦ Curtaz, Erard and
many others on easy payments. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON, 18 O'Farrell st.
FOR eale — Fine upright piano, on account de-
parture; used one year. Box 2069. Call.
WILL sell for storage, fine Hatelton and Vose
.-. pianos. : STATHAM'S, 110 McAllister st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Ooelian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY.: SOS-312 Post St.
FOR sal*— $2730; It cost $.*.75O; rents for 120
oer month: 2 mttagen on lot. 40x150. Apply
S ? S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third av«..
East Oakland. .
CHARLES F. LEE. Phon« Val# 296.
Offlce half a block fmm Fruitvale station.
$15 monthly and own your own hom«; »
lovely 5-room. bath, pantry, hlfth basement,
brick foundation cottage: handsomely deco-
rated Interior; steel enameled batb: hand-
some palm tree: full-beartnir fruit tre_t and
flowers In abundance: 3 blocks from the
car line: graded school clcse by and lot
70x113: only $C00 cash required: price all
CHARLES P. LEE. 12-2 Fruit vale ave.
TWO acre*, corner, cottage of 4 rooms, bath,
'pantry, basement, wtr.dmlll and tank, chicktn
yards 1W> fruit trees, terries, etc., cheap*
C. MICHEL. Elmhurst. Cal.
Continued on rage 14.
MO.M3Y TO LOAN.
JlAA— HERMAN MURPHY] ~*~" ."
001-C02-60a Examiner building.
Quick aettlefnenta; no disappointments.
Have expenses by dealing directly. ,
Estate*, second mortgages, undivided Inter*
ests; assignments of rents; property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased. ;
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When Tou Need Money -¦¦ ; ..¦ .
Bee HERMAN MURPHY. ¦ _ ¦
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
INTEREST 5H AND 6 PER CENT.
APPLY DIRECT TO A* SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount advanced on CITY. OAKLAND.
TOWN AND COUNTRY real estate.
Second mortgages, estates In probate, undi-
vided Interests In real estate, property In
trust; loans closed promptly.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY. City Agents
107-8-0-11 CROCKER BUILDING,
POST AND MARKET BTREETB.
WILL LOAN *
A reasonable amount on > '
, 1st, 2d or 3d — '
- Morteage, on real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
. ¦ or country. ,
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars ¦'.
¦of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 490. Call offlce. . ¦
LOWEST BANK RATE. ~ ~
Any amount; first and second mortgagee,
estates_. In probate, undivided Interest In
estates, assignments of rents, etc., at lowest
rate of Internet.
. ¦ / RIVERS BROS., 205 Montgomery at ¦
SALARY LOANS— ~~~~ '~~1
Money loaned salaried people without tecur.
j lty or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone: confidential and courteous treatment;
- call and g«t terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bids;.
TELL OF GREAT NEEDS <£s_r>
FREE TO WANT ADVERTISERS
....IN NEXT SUNDAYS' CALL.... I
—new And useful-
THF PFRFFCT CAN OP£fSER..
(THE LATEST AND BEST ON THE MARKET.) Patent Applied For.
No More Cut Fingers
JHrV *? • Cll ?y t^. 81 X"_k JnL Jl&. & Slk. S
(CAN OPENED ON TOP.) (CAN OPETj[FROM SIDE.)
ifin<jmfi0 — ; — — WITH THE- — - '
*ff CAN 'OPENER Saw
-¦.'.' - ¦ - , :..*... -. ____________
Adjustable to Cut Any Site Can. Le^e* No Jagged Edges.
Cuts Either Top or Side of Can. Simple to Operate. Cannot Break.
Requires No Sharpening All Working* Parts Made From Tempered Tool Steel.
1 .....DIREGTIONS......
TO OPEN CAN ON TOP. Force point of bar into center of top of. unsealed or smooth end of 'can.
Bend over until the bar is parallel with the top of can. Set point of lower blade on top of can at whatever
distance from edge the opening js desired. Press down handle until blade penetrates the tin. Then pull
gently toward you, holding the c__. tightly in the other hand. (To get best result hold can by top).
TO OPEN CAN FROM SIDE. Remove label from can. Force point into exact center of top. Bend
over until bar rests on edge of can. Set point of cutting blade against side of can. always at left of side
seam, with lever perpendicular^ Press down on lever, which will force side blade into can. Hold can tightly
by top with other hand and cut"s_n___as when cutting top. In cutting top off always let bottom of .bar rest
and run evenly around edge of can to insure even, regular cut. If the side blade comes out while cutting, or
cuts in too far and stops, it is because you have not inserted point of bar in exact center of can. In this case
throw up lever, readjust blade and continue cutting until blade reaches opposite side of seam, when top can
be lifted or broken off altogether. Do not bo afraid to grasp can firmly by the top.
, THIS WAY, ' NOT THIS WAY
You cannot cut yourself.
r-i/SrjL, TO OPEN SQUAKli CAN ¦ ;
' I , * ) Insert point of bar in each end of can and cut two half I Vv
"V circles like cut ' , •-•' ' "^ q^ (
SUPERIOR MFG. CO., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Retailers wishing to purchase the Perfect Can Opener can do so through the job-
bers throughout the United States.
This Premium will be given to Want Advertisers Thursday, Friday and until n
p. m. Saturday; after that hour offer will be closed. The premium can onlly be se-
cured by inserting a Want Ad. in next Sunday's Call.
Tell your WANTS in next Sunday's CALL and you will be speaking direct to
over 85,000 regular subscribers of that popular and valuable advertising medium. It is
safe to figure on an average of three readers to every Sunday CALL issued, so you
are really talking to 355,000 persons, most of whom are home -people, consequently a S
well-to-do and desirable class of our community to consider in locating your wants and
advertising your wares.
Premiums can bo obtained by presenting advertisements at;
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Franciaco Call. coc»er Mark«t and Third street. ; -' V." >
I op«n until IS o'clock •very night In the year.
1008 Market •treet, opposite Fifth; open until lip. ja. • J, '¦;
I 627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; opes until 8:30 p. ra. j
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
II 639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m. !
I ' ¦ CIS Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. en. *
1141 Mission street; open until 10 p. ra.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until 1p.m. Ill
U lot Eleventh street; open until 9p.nL . Ill
m A «-. 1Q9« Valencia street; open until 9 p. m. —¦>'¦¦
ill Northeast corner Ctauroh and Duncan streets; open until 9 p. m. *
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open until I p. m. - I
S209 Flllmore street; open until 9 p. m.
OAKLAND OFFICES:
¦•;•""; 1 ltic Broadway..... ...Telephone Main 10*3
III BERKELEY OFFICE):
M4I Center Street...... ......Telephone North 77
ALAMEDA OFFICE: :' f6 , 7^
1 Bchneider's Book 8tor» -....'. ; Park StreetAfternoon Session.
Street—
$6,000 Cnlted R R of S F 4 per cent.. 78 62#
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil stock — Bid. .Asked.
Apollo ". 40 4ti
Associated Trust Cert IS . £0
Aztec 60 65
Caribou ./ 2 CO 4 M
Chicago Crude , 20
Claremont 62 05
Four 70
Olant 15 ....
Ilanford 180 00 IRtt 00
ii.'inf '. i r.-'vi i r,r>
Imperial 18 00
Independence 25 29
Kern 4 75 ....
Korn River ..' 10 00
Lion 01
Monarch of Arizona ...'.....-".... 40
Monte. Crlsto 65
Oil City Petroleum Cl e2
Peerless 13 37 '4 13 C'j
Reed Crude .... 1M
ti F & McKlttrlck 3 DO
Sovereign 33
Sterling i... .... 2 60
Superior 01 05
THrty-Three ., 8 25
Toltec ' 21 ....
Twenty-Eight.. 8 00 - '.
Arnoclated bonds - " 78 75
V abash -••• •"'•> 30
Miscellaneous — * \ -
Fischer's Theater ...» 85' 150
Northern Cal Power .... 11 25
Sanitary Reduction Works . .' 75 1 60
sales;
Morning Session. '
Board— , , • .- , ¦"<• •
no Claremont .......... ' C4
100 Twenty-Eight Oil 8 37%
No afternoon aales. .
Mining Stocks.
s SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE. '
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange . Board yesterday : ¦
Morning Session.
100 Alpha ... 141100 Mexican .....1 10
100 Andes ....... I5| 200 Ophir. 4 15'
200 Belcher 821 200 Overman ..... 32
;:00 Caledonia ... 70 100 Scorpion 18
200 Con C & Va.l 40 500 Seg Belcher ..12
' 600 Con Imperial. 02 -700 Sierra Nev ..,' 42
100 Crown Point. 19 500 Yellow Jacket. 29
500 Gould & Cur. , 211
Afternoon* Session.
300 Gould & Cur.' 2Ti 200 Potosi 18
600 Justice H 2W Union Con {• . 45
100 Ophir ..4 25 400 Yellow Jacket. 3D
Emit C.\Medau. (owner) with Tcnill Bros.
(contractor), architect — All work for a
two-story frame building on lot on E line of
Lotta street. 275:0% S of Parnassus. S 24:11H
by -K 101, lot 17. block C. Sunset Heights;
$3*45. '
J. G.' Levensaler (owner) with McCullough
Contracting Company (contractors), architect
James A. McCullough — Alterations and addi
tions to a two-story frame building (flats) on
lot on E Hoe of Guerrero street. 102:0 N of
Twenty-first, -E 100 1 by N 60, 867 Guerrero;
$2105. m* .'
¦ : Clara M. Johnston (owner) • with Fred Mil
ler, (contractor), architect" T. . Paterspn. Ross —
All '.work, except plumbing. ¦ etc.; for a three
story -frame building (flatn> oil lot on E line
of Stelner street, 65 S of Fell. S 30 by E 100;
»S605. *.\-\ - .. >
Builders' Contracts.
Ni*son, lot on E line of Moultrie street. 350
S of Eugenia, S.GO by E 70. lots 274 and 276.
gift map No. I; $530. .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed June 8— Stmr Teutonic,
for Liverpool.
ST JOHNS— Arrived June 8— Stmr Cartha
genlan, from Liverpool, for Halifax and Phil
adelphia.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June 8— Stmr Sax
onla. from Liverpool, for Boston.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed June 8— Stmr Kai
eer! Wllhelm • der Grosse, from .Bremen, for
New York, via Cherbourg.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived June 6— Stmr
United States, from New York. :
YOKOHAMA— Arrived June 6— Stmr Em
preFs of India, from Vancouver, for. KoBe.
Nagasaki, Shanghai and Hongkong.
Sailed June 4 — Stmr Calcha*. from Glasgow
and Liverpool, for Singapore, Hongkong, Vic
toria, Tacoma and Seattle.
¦ LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 8— Stmr West
ernland. from Philadelphia.
Sailed June 8-^-Stmr Majestic, for New York,
via Queenntown: Btmr Merlon, for Philadel
phia, vta Queenstown.
NAPLES— Sailed .Tun* 8— Stmr Prlnz Adel
bert.from Genoa, for New York.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed June 8— Bktn Kllk-
Itat, for Port Ludlow. * /
Wednesday. June 8.
-Stmr Phoenix, Odland. 28 hours from
Eureka. . .3 ¦,-¦•
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ARRIVED,
Late Shipping Intelligence.
NEW WESTMINSTER, B. C, June 8. —
One of th« first results of the Investigation of
charge* that American engineers are em
ployed on surveys for the new Onadian
transcontinental railway, the Grand Trunk
raclrtc. Is the resignation of G. A. Kyle, di
vision engineer at Winnipeg. Kyle says his
resignation Is voluntary.
Continued Prom Page 15.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
The graduation exercises of the Irv
ing M. Scott Grammar School were
held yesterday in the school building,
Tennessee street, near Twenty-second.
Under the direction of Miss M. M.
Murphy and before an audience of
schoolmates, relatives and friends the
exercises, consisting of < recitations,
songs and addresses, consumed the
afternoon. The feature of the after
noon was the singing of Misa May
Daly. Following the exercises came
the awarding of the diplomas by Dep
uty Superintendent Suzzalo. The Den
man medal was awarded to Miss Mary
Dradyand the Bridge medal to Carl
Anderson. *
' The following are the graduates:
Pearl Brainerd, Mary Burns, Mary
Conlan. Mary Drady. Maud Elliott,
Florence Keane. Nellie Keating. May
Leary, Martha Lucy, Grace Mackin
tosh. Edith McKay. Agnes Reynolds,
Gertrude Rollins, Irene Timby. Eva
Turner, Anna von Husen. Carl Ander
son, Clyde Berglund; Daniel Keefe,
Paul Krug, John McCabe and "William
Ruffler.
Irvine Scott School.
With the spread of education dead
languages and foreign tongues are no
longer mysteries soluble only by the
cultured few. The famous Eton boy
who rendered "splendid mendax"' as
"lying Jn state" is but a pioneer. Quite
recently a pupil teacher, fairly well ad
vanced in her teens, who at a teachers'
center is still learning to read French
with a furious Cockney accent, and to
decipher it, was taken to lunch at a
French restaurant in Soho. Scanning
the menu with a show of Interest which
a healthy appetite alone could hardly
have excited, she was overheard to
murmur: "Canard sauvage aux pctits
pols" ("Theduck Is savage at the few
peas").— London Daily Chronicle.
As She Read It,
In a lecture at Tale University,
S. C. Dunham, president of the Travel
ers' Insurance Company, gave the fol
lowing list of percentages of causes of
injuries on which claims are made for
compensation from this company (the
cost of the different kinds of accident,
which would give some idea of the rel
ative seriousness of cases in the dif
ferent classes, is not given):
Per cent.
Accidents to pedestrians 24.14
At home (indoors) 18.80
Horses and vehicles 18.16
AtJtome (outside) 15.98
Recreation 6.15
Railroad travel .^ 4.~ 7
Bicycle accidents 4.06
Street car travel 2.74
Use of firearms 1.73
Animal bites 152
Assaults ......f.. » 1.20
Steamship travel 70
Miscellaneous 05
100.00
, —Express Gazette.
¦ ? »
A Duke's • Treasures.
In illustration of the lavishness with
which Chatsworth House is endowed
with art treasures and of the distant
element which Is supposed to be a fea
ture of the Duke of Devonshire's mind
an amusing story went the round of
the French press at the time of the
last Paris exhibition. The 'Duke, it was
said, was strolling through the loan
section of the English exhibits with a
friend and . stopped to look with ad
miration at a porphyry table of match
less beauty. He examined it long with
the eye of a connoisseur and j at last
exclaimed: "I wonder who is the owner
of such a splendid specimen of work
manship. I almost feel inclined to envy
him." His companion, who had con
culted the catalogue,' handed it to him
with a smile. It contained the infor
mation that the table came from
Chatsworth House and was lent by the
Duke of Devonshire.—- London Chron-»
lcle.
Causes of Accidents to Persons.
, WEDNESDAY. JUNE 8.
. City and County of San Francisco to Louis
Friedlander, lot on NW corner of Golden Gate
a\enue and Van Nees avenue, N 85 by W
10f>:9; $ j
Estate o: James Sccbie (by George Bennett
and A. P. Black, esecutirs) to Joseph B. and,
James If. Marshall, let on W line of Fill
more street. 96 S of Fell, S 27:6 by W 100;
$S00O. '
A^nes A. fcccMe to same, same; $10.
Serena L. Rodger* to Augustus F. Rodgers,
lot on N line of Broadway 137:6 W of Pierce
street. W 65 "oj N 137:6; gift.
Eugene D. tMartlneaut to Julius Gollober
and Ellas Conn, lot on SW corner of Pierce
and Ellis streets. S 50 by W 80; $10.
Margaret E. Lees to Ella M. Leigh, un
divided half of following: Lot on S line of
Hayes street, 137:6 W of Pierce. W 81:7^. S
137:6. W 18:4^4. S 137:6,'. E, 100, N 275; also
lot on SE* corner of Hayes and Scott streets,
5 161. E 100. N 23:6. E 11:9. N 30:6, W 64:5,
N 107. W 67:4; $10.
' Ella XI. Leigh to Margaret E. Lees, undi
vided half of following: Lot on S line of
Hayes street. 219:1H W of Pierce. W 136:0V?,.
6 107. E 64:5. S 30:6, E 81:7% N 137:6; also
lot on NE corner of Fell and Scott street*.
E 175. N 137:6, W 76, S 50:6, W 100, S S7: $10.
Henry J. and Anna Seegelken to Henry
Brunner. lot on \V. line of Devisadero street,
S7:6 N 6t Haight. N 25 by W 87:6; $10.
Lewis II. and • Charles F. Sage to John Lea
and Henry M. Whltely, lot on \V line of Brod
erick street. 136:5>4 S of Broadway S l:0& by
W 107:6, quitclaim deed; $10.
Sarah E. Sage to fame, same, quitclaim
deed; $10.
' Frank R. and Sophie Grannis to Oscar C.
Cappelmann. lot on N line of Sacramento
street. 116:5 E 'of Presidio avenue, K 33:6,
N 127:8 ',4: both parties agree to leave open
passage of three feet, running from Sacra
mento street back 85 feet 18 Inches to b«
taken oft* W line of lot hereby conveyed and
IS Inches from lot adjoining U' of lot conveyed;
$10.
Eatats of Lazard Godchaux by C. H. Wilson,
executor, to Max Sommer, lot on E line of
Ashbury street. 251:6 N of Frederick, N 25
by K 106:3; ?f*250.
Edward J. and Nellie McGevern to Bartholo
mew and Hannah Mahoney. lot on N line of
Seventeenth street, 260 W of Guerrero W 25
by N 115; $10.
Caroline A. and Mary F. Potter to William
H. Haley, lot on E line of Oakwood court, 213
S of Eighteenth street. S 25 by E 00:3 by NW
25 by W «7:3; $10.
Richard M. and Elizabeth Barry to John
Mulcare, lot on E line of Church street, 150
S of Twenty-first. S 26 by E 125; $10.
Montell and L. Pauline. Churchill and Au
gusta D. Taylor to Peter L. C. Hansen. lot
on W line ot Church street, 225 N of Four
teenth. N CO by W 125: $10.
Mary Hawkyard to Albert E. Hawkyard. un
divided half of lot on E line of York street,
97:6 8 of Twenty-first, 8 25 by E 100; $10.
Charles S. and Alice M. Rourke. to Leonhard
C. Boyson. lot on E line of Folsom street 186
S of Tw.nty-thlrd. S 26 by E 122:6; $10.
Mary Hawkyard to Albert E. Hawkyard, un
divided l-<i!f of lot on S line of Twenty-sixth
street. 25 .V of Harrison, W 21:4& by S 90;
$10.
Marion B. Foster, wife of Samuel L.. to
Christian M. Hansen. lot on E line of Chatta
nooga street. 30 N of Twenty-third. N E2:6
by E 117:6; $10.
L. W. Holllngsworth to J. A. Miller, lot on
S line of Duncan street, 240 E of Noe, E 25
by 8 114; $10.
John A. McConncll to George S. Beesley, lot
on W linn of Diamond, street, 172:6 N of
Twenty-first, N 25 by W 125; $10.
¦ Ernest Brand to Mary C. McCue, lot on N
line of O'Farrell street, 137:1^ E of Leaven
worth: K 0:414 by N 1.17:6; $10.
Patrick and Mary Cronln to Theodore Rob
ertson, lot on SK lino of Shipley street, 160 NE
of Sixth, NE 25 by SB 75; $10.
Hind Estate Company (corporation) to James
McNab, lot on KE line of Townnend street, 275
8\V of Seventh. SW 275 by SE 275; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Ras
mus Rasmussen. lot commencing at at point
1«> S of Sierra street and 100 W of Tennens«.»
thence S 35:8, S 61:10%. E 60, N 8, NW 114; j
Fanny E. and John R, Tlernan to Hattle '
II. Battler, wife of H. H., lot on W line of
Twenty-fourth avenue, 326 N of Lake street.
N 75 by W 120; $10. -
California Land and. Granite Company to
Charles A. Rusliton,' lot on E line of Tenth
avenue. 125 8 of Lake street. S 25 by E 120;
also lot on E line of Tenth avenue, 225 8 of
Lake street, S 23 .by E 120; also lot on E Iln«
of Tenth avenue, 22S N of California street. N
50 by E 120; $3500.' . .
Estatft.of Owen Clements (by A. C. Freesc.
administrator) to Harrison A! Jones, rerecord
1838 I). 360, N line of Clement street, 120 K
of Eighteenth avenue, W 55:10 by N 3:11: $50
Harrison A. and Clara W. Jones to
Charles W. Pope, lot on NE corner of Eight
eenth avenue and Clement street. E 120 by
John Gatto to Susan II. and Susan M. Blge
low and Amy J. Jackson, lot on SE corner of
Tenth avenue and California street, E .".2:9
by 8 110; $10.
Georze. P. and Lena Dreckert to Nellie T.
Rushton, same.; f lo. '
Occidental I-m-l and Improvement Company
to California Safe Deposit and Trust Company,
lot on "W line of Eleventh avenue, 100 N of
A street, N 125 by ."W 120; $10. .
Bcmhard and Rpse Get* to L. C. Simpson
and. -A. 8. Crawford, lot on SW corner of
Thirty-seventh avenue andC street, 8 100 by
W 32:6; $10. .
Aurellus E.. Ross A., George H.. Mary G.
and Edith D. Buckingham and Charles^, and
Gertrude M. Jackson (Church) to E. B. Hal-"
lett and W. 8. Gee. lot on 8E corner of Tenth
avenue and I street. S 110 by E 95; $10.
George R. and Mlnora K. or Mlnora S.
Kibbo to Lenora A. Rich, lot on W line of
Forty-first avenue, . 200:8 S of R street. N
f21:8. W 120, 8 75. W 120, S 30:0. SE 240:6;
?10. ' . ,. v
Marie A. Balrd to Charl»« A. King, lot on 8
line of X street. M W of Thirty-ninth avenue.
W 50 by 8 123:11, also lot on 8 line of X
street. 200 W of Thirty-ninth avenue. W 271.47.
S 124.11. K 27R.41, N 123:11. also lot on XF3
corner of Thirty-ninth avenue and Market
street.' E 12T. by N 123:11; $10.
S Henry P. and Annie M. Anderson to ElfnvJa
M. Anderson, lots 11 and 12, block 150, South
San Francisco Homestead and Railroad Asso
ciation; gift. -
Same to Alma Anderson,' lot 1, block 190.
same; gift.' ' . . • 1
Same to iHarry W. Anderson. Jot on' N"W
line of G street, 75 NE of Ninth avenue, NE
25 by NW 75. block 160. same: gift.
Julius C. Rels to Victor E. ¦¦ Tteberg, lots 15
and 10. block 17, Rels Tract: grant. •• • ¦
Charles D. Taylor to Henry Brunner, lot 20,
block F. Sunset Heights; $10.
. W. W. and Katherlne G. Wilson to Joseph
B. Coryoll. lot 60, block 490. Bay City Home
stead; $10. . .-;-. •
: Sarah J. and ' Charles ¦ Johnson to Joseph
Lahourdette. lot on SW Iln^ of Sixteenth. a\-e
nue. 2.'.0 SK of M street. SB »0 by SW 100,
.block 122. Central Park: $10. - , -
I Pali. Francisco Savings ' Union to Mary A.
' Welsh, lot 24, block B, Park Hill Homestead;
$10. - . ¦ ;...¦..,..¦. /. : , ,. ,-.
¦Snmo to J. E. W. and 'Margaret Carey, lot
23.- block :. B, Fame; $10. - ¦.
George und Mary Letterell to Leon and Lucy
Guntz, lot on E lino of Whitney utreet. . 2.V) 8
of Thirtieth. S 2Ti by K',125. block 27. Falr
inounl; 510. jriVfCwOiiii'i*''".'^** '.''"' .'.*"
I, San Francisco Savings Union to Nils F.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
SAN DIEGO, .June 8. — Preparations for the
coming of the Turners of Southern California
to San Diego on Saturday and Sunday are
completed. It Is expected that It will be the
largest gathering of the kind held ln the
Southern California Jurisdiction for several
years. ¦ . » - .
Gathering Promises to Be the Largest
Held in the Southern District
in Several Years.
SAN" DIEGO IS READY
TO GREET THE TURNERS
Graduating exercises were held at several
schools of the city yesterday and in each case
the attendance was large. TJjere were enjoy
able literary and musical exercises and the
schools were prettily decorated with flowers-
Following: are the lists of the graduates:
St. Vincent's — Gold medals and diplomas
for completing the high school course — Miss
Rose Qulnn. Miss Margaretta Smith. Miss Te
resa Kennedy and Miss Loretto Garety. Gold
medals in Christian doctrine— Miss Rose Qulnn
and Miss Genevleve McDermott. Violin medal
— Miss Rose Qulnn. Goftl medals — Master,
Jolin F. Doyle, j Master Frank M. Flanlgan.
Master Joseph B. McKeon. Master Daniel F.
Hagerty, Master William T. Quill. Master
Frank L. Lamey, Master Daniel A. Hennessey.
Master Joseph A. Bickerstaff. Gold medal
for highest percentage — John F. Doyle. Gold
medal for drilling — Master Timothy Shea.
Grammar grade graduates — Miss Isabella Lu
cas. Miss Nora Shea, Miss Catherine Hagerty,
Miss Rose Ryan. Miss Mary Ronan. Mlsa Mary
Regan. Miss Bessie Salmon. Miss Nellie Daley.
Miss Mary Brady, Miss Mary Hennessey, Misa
Teresa Smith. Miss Josephine Wallace, Miss
Edith Hall.
St. Patrick's School— Master John F. Doyle,
Mailer Frank M. Flanigan, Master Joseph B.
McKeon. Master Daniel F. Hagerty. Master
William T. Quill, Master L. Lamey, Master
Daniel A. Hennessey. Master Joseph A. Bick
erstaff. „
Hearst Grammar — Mabel Burse, Fred Cof
fee. Irene Cole, Ada Crowley. Alice David
son, Earls Drais, Dorothy Duncombe, Edith
Elkington, Annie Eopenheimer, Ruby Irving,
Florence Jardlne, Peter Lowne. Eva Mc-
Dougall, James McGrath. Lloyd Rollins.
Lydia Schubert, George eoraerville, George
Springett, Marguerite button. Annetta Tlet-
Jen, Arthur Toft and Anita Winters.
Richmond Evening School — Minnie Butzbaeh.
Gertrude Cuther. Theresa Hunt, Gertrude Hig
glns. Edna King.' Lillian Mahoney, William
Nagel. Vincent Dunn. Felix McHugb, Charles
Schopke. William Haskell, Joseph O*Keefe,
James Olwell and Arthur Hallet.
Lincoln Evening School — Myer Abrams. John
D. Adafna, William S. Adams. Louis A. Al
tierl.-Santaro H. Arakawa. Edward Anderson.
John E. W. Boesch, Sophia Blankstetn. Jose
phine M. Brttt, Irene M. Brown, Michael
Bratt, Bert Baker, St. Clalr G. Baumgartner,
Thomas B. Beal), Ben Bloom. Charles A
Bogan, Herman F. H. Boos, Nadeau L. Bour
geault, August H. Braunagel, Fred J. Butler.
Raymond H. Clarke. Edward T. *ConIon, Wil
liam J. Dolan, Philip J. d* Oear, Francis L.
O. de Jarlals, Flora F. Fegan, George M.
Gardner, Joseph R. Galan. William i*. Har
vey Jr., Walter G. Hancock, Xabel F. Hogan,
William Hagedorn, Harold Jenson, Ernest A.
Johansson, .Lloyd J. Jones, i-.orlti Jacobow
sky, Samuel Kessler, Max Kramer, Robert J.
Lacey, Jerry E. Leary, Dave Levin, .Frances
A. Levin, Charles A. Lawrence, John S. Mc-
Grath. Henry C. Mangels. Eugene Mclver,
Harry J. Wohlers, Alice M. McDonald. Emily
C. McDonald. tWalter James Nelson, George
Nelson, Arthur' E. O'Netl, Jacob Pinter, Mads.
L. Petersen, Earl L. N. Plttman, Frances C.
Pittman, William Reinhardt, George H. Roche.
William P. Reilly. Robert Robertson, Sadie
S. Richter, Charles P. Saur, Nathan Shoor.
Frank Sorocco, Moses A. Stecker, Bertha M.
Schroeder, Alonzo T. Simpson. Matthew W.
Toomey, Dora Tennebaum and Jack Tackle.
Mechanical drawing — John F. Beareps,
Simon Braunsteln, Curt Buettner, Paul B.
Chrlstensea. Edward J. Crangle. John J.
Cropper, James S. Frederlckson, Walter
Gaetjcn, Joseph X U. Hanly. Carl Harvey,
Ferros Keppa, Carl Kuhlman. Anthony Miller.
Luigl Melafronte, Frank G Patterson. Charles
H. Robinson, Henry Schw-inn, Elmer E.
Stewart. Ernest J. Walter, Ernest Wiedmann.
Architectural drawing — John H. Drtyer,
Walter Labhard, Frederick Mertens, G. L.
Streshly. Lambert Wierda.
Bookkeeping — Walter R. Mendelsohn. Ray
mond P. Miller, Arthur Muhl. Roger O"Hara.
Arthur O'Kcefe. Victor Petersen, Lea C.
Pouson. Gustave L. Renstrom, Albert. E.
Schulken. Francis T. Selberllch. Aubrey E.
Simons. Genevltve Unger, Garrett Walsh,
Jean L. Wheeler, Chester Yokom. Shlgeo
Cehlda, Bernard Goldstein, Martin L. Ha-lnes.
Albert J. Hautt. Anna L. Heavy. Harold
Helntz. Virginia M. Houghton. Aaron Jacobs.
Charle3 .Taeoby, Marie L. Kennedy. Homer
Keppa. Malvina. Krauss, James S. Leahy.
Samuel Llppman. Grace McHueh. Joseph
Madden. Louis Marcus, Philip Mason. Ray
Abrams, Lucien M. Benolt, Frank M. Booth.
Samuel L. Boukofsky, Moses Bratt. Edward
Brodlen. i Hugo Callenberg. Henry Castens.
William A. Cox, Fred A. Coy. IHnry Dlerks.
Karl Dietrich. Clarence DruckfT, William
Eyerman, John E. Fitzpatiick. Bernard E.
' Stenography — J. R. Alexander. Joseph
Brown. Charles Baldlssonf, Gertrude Benas.
Fred G. Booth. Julia Berg. Carrol H. Baker.
H T Ckldwell. Lulu Carson. Harry Ewlng,
Charts B. Ouptlll, Harris Glnsburg. A. Har
vev Belle Hayes. Victoria Johanson. William
OrVil'e Jones, Alice Kull. Fred Kummerlander.
Nellie Kingston, Ethel Lonergan. Louise I^ut
gen. Charles P. Murphy. Gertie McConahy.
Kittle Murphy. Elsie Ongerth. Jacob nitUg
steln Paultnt Renner, Jamen H. Robinson.
Mitchell Russell. Elizabeth Stelger. John Selrt.
Ethel S Shaylor. Addle Stowe, John J. Seld.
Margaret Emma Rtudeman. Sadie Schmiti.
A H Simpson. Carrie May Stokes. Adelaide
Kcouler. Alice M. ToWn, J-Uhel Vivian. Olive
L. Vanderbllt. Henry Warshawski. Harry
Spanish — George Klrchhof. Agnes Lydon.
James E Oliver. Roy Moon. Mary Epeakman.
• French — Louis T. Diebels. Adolph Schu-
Fra*iklln Grammar— Isabella Amonwn. Caro
lina Abrahms. Cassle B»own. Gertrude Blumer.
Olga Benfeldt. Julia Cox. Bessie Ducray. Mae
Dwyer. Ethel Farrel. May Gallagher Rose
Olanvlnovlch. Pearl Huddleston. Alexlna Hacn
ett EtKM Joseph. Lottie Klrshen. Kate Kass*
baum Pansy Kehoe. Rae Katz. GuiMavlne Mel
lone. Lillian O'Neill. Juanlta O'Neill Ida
Stein. Grace Simmons. Alice Twohls; Nellie
Wolfe Mary Ward. Veronica Welch. Lillian
Woods Josephine Veeley. Lena Zagoren. John
Bodeman. Eugene Carrasco. George J'ruden,
John Crowley. William Fennell. Robert Hedger.
Frank Kilsby. Lawrence Kling. Jenne W e«tl«y,
Philip Leggett. Harry Miller. Harry Marko
•wltz Milton Nolan, Frank Schmidt, Chester
Cole." Arthur Wobber. ¦
Bridge medals— Frank Kilsby. Chester Colo
Penman medals— Bessie Ducray. .Gertrude
Blumer, Lillian Woods. |
The Clement School, of which ailss
Xelllc Sullivan is principal, also had
its graduating: * exercises yesterday,
when School Directors Roncovierl and
Mark delivered addresses to the suc
cessful students.- There was an excel
lent musical programme under the di
rection of Miss Estelle Carpenter.
Medals and Diplomas Arc Bestowed
on Many Brilliant Students °'
City's Schools.
WHITE SECURES CHILD.— M. J. White.
secretary of the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children, yesterday obtained from
Judge Murasky a writ of habeas corpus by
which he will reobtaln possession of Violet
Lundborg. He was appointed her guardian and
placed her In the orphan asylum, from which
institution she was taken by Mrs. Kate
Thompson, a friend of the child's mother.
The mother's petition to secure custody of the
I girl was denied by the Supreme Court.
j HISTORY OF THE BOGOTA.— A regular
meeting of the San Francisco section of the
| Navy League of the United States was held
last evening at the rooms of the Chamber of
Commerce, 307 Sansome street. The meeting
was presided over by Edward Mills Adams;
the chairman of the section. An extremely.ln
tt-reetlng informal talk was given by A. H.
Dutton, formerly lieutenant In the United
States navy, on the trip of the Colombian
gunboat Bogota, fitted out at San Francisco,'
to meet the Insurgent boat Padilla.
' SEEKS SAFETY IN MARRIAGE.— James
L. Ryan, saloonkeeper, who was convicted by
a Jury ln Judge Dunne's court last week of
betrayal umier promise of marriage, appeared
1 yesterday for sentence. . By consent i sentence
i was postponed until June 22. Ryan Is out
; on $400 cash ball and on Tuesday he took
I Elizabeth Florence O'Callaghan. the girl whom
i he betrayed, to Oakland and they were roar
; rled by a Justice of the Peace. She was in
: court with him yesterday. The Judge will
! probably let Ryan oft with a few hours' lm
i prlsonment.
! PRINTERS' OUTING.— Members of the
various unions connected with . the Allied
Printing Trades Council are anxiously looking
forward to the forthcoming picnic of the
Union Printers' Mutual Aid Society, which ia
! to be held this year at Schuetzen Park, near
1 San Jose, on Sunday. July 3. The picnio given
i by this society last year ln the Santa Cruz
Mountains was one of the most pleasant of
the season and the committee having charge
of this excursion promises some features that
will undoubtedly attract even a larger- at
| tendance. Prominent among these will be a
i bowling tournament for members of the allied
| trades. Leo Michaelson has taken charge of
this part of the programme. The committee
! having charge of the ¦ plcnio'is composed of,
! Peter J. Cotter (chairman). Charles J. ; Cullen
' (secretary). George E. Mitchell (treasurer),
! James J. Gerran and Farley Lewis.
NEWSBOY KILLED— OAKLAND. Jun« 8.—
Sam Rhodes, : a newsboy, was Killed to-night
by a Berkeley local train. The body was
found on the Southern Pacinc Company's
tracks on Cedar street, between Ninth and
Chase streets. It is supposed the boy fell off
the train and was crushed by the wheels. The
Coroner took charge of the remains. Rhodes'
mother. Mrs. Eleanor Rhodes, resides ln Los
Angeles.
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock' Exchange yesterday:
'¦ Morning Session.
500 Andes 15 100 Gould & Cur. 23
200 Belcher 32 100 Gould & Cur. 24
300 Bullion ....;. 16 100 Hale & Norc 75
100 Caledonia ... 7SI .",00 Ophir 4 15
20O Challenge Con 20| 100 Ophir ."..4 30
C00 Con Imperial. 02| 600 Sierra Nev .. 41
Afternoon Session.
S00 Alpha .:; 15 300 Justice H
500 Alta 06 200 Mexican 115
500 Exchequer .. 44 100 Sierra Nev-.. 42
ICO Gould & Cur. 44 200 Union Con . . 45
100 Julia 'OS 200 Yellow Jacket. 30
tonopah Mining exchange.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
15.000 MacNamara 27 100 Ton Belmont. . 68
1500 MacNamara . 20 600 Ton Belmont.. «7,
2050 MacNamara . 28 1500. Ton Midway.. 37
600 MacNamara . 29 25 Ton Midway.. 86
100 Mont Ton ...1 90 900 Ton Midway.. 38
300 Mont Ton .1 92% 100 Ton Midway.. 39
700 Mont Ton ...1 95 1000 Ton Gold M. 13
100 Mont Ton ..1 87%
Afternoon Session.
300 Evelyn 31| 1200 Mont Ton . . .1 85
620 MacNamara . 30| 1000 Ray & O'Brien 06
SGUO MacNamara 311 88 Ton Belmont. . ¦ 66
1500 MacNamara* . 32| 1000 Ton Midway.. 40
5C0 MacNamara . . 33| .
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
. . WEDNESDAY, June S— 4 P. ,ra.
V Bid.Ask. BId.Aslc.
Alpha 15 16 Justice... 14 .15
Alta 07 OS Kentuck 02 04
Andes ....... 14 16 Keyes Graea.. — 1 20
Belcher 31-34 I-ady Wash . . — 06
Best & Belch.l 25 1 35 Mexican 1 10 1 13
Bullion :. 15 16 Occidental ... 79 SI
Caledonia ... 78 81 Ophir 4 20 4 30
Challenge Con 20 22 Overman 30 r.2.
Chollar ;...... 17 18 Potosi 17 18
Confidence ...1 00 1 20 Scorpion ....... 17 20
Con C & Va.l 40 1 45 Savage 25-27
Con Imperial. 01 02 Seg Belcher .. 13 14
Con NY 03 01 Sierra Nev ..41 43
Crown Point. 18 19 Silver Hill ..47 61
East Sierra N 06 — St Louis .... 09 10
Eureka Con.. — • 60 Syndicate 03 04
. Exchequer . . 46 4fi Union Con . . 44 45
Gould & Cur. 24 25 Utah 1R 16
Hale &. Norc. 73 • 75 Yellow Jacket. 29 30
Julia 08 09
TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.AskM ' Bld.Ask.
Colehan — 071 Ray .AO'Brlen 06 06
Esperanza ... — 031 Ray Ton .... 12 15
Gold Anchor. — 291 Rescue 06-06
Gold M Con. 01 02|Ton Belmont.. 66 «7
Jim Butler . . 45 — Ton Cash Boy — 25
Little Ton .. 20 — Ton Ex...l 02 >i 1 07 V,
Lucky Tom.. — 03 Ton & G W. — 03
MacNamara . 30 31|Ton Gold M. . 12 14
Mlzpah Ex ... 10 — | Ton Midway.. 89 41
Mont Ton..l 82^ 1 95|Ton of Nev.. 8 00 8 25
Paymaster . . 06 ¦ — i Ton N Star. . 27 29
Ray Exten .. — 12| United Ton .. — 14
PUPHiS RECEIVE HONORS
• AT GRADUATING EXERCISES
THE SAN FRANCISCO /CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 9, 1904.
14
This splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of 50
cents per copy. Out of town
orders 25 .cents additional to
cover prepayment of transporta-
tion r chnrgcs.
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will dose on August
30, 1904, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fall to place their order Im-
mediately. _ -
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE AUGUST
30, 1901.
BOO MX .(Ml ItOAHD.
GEARY. 1003— Neatly furnished rooms, with
board; reasonable; home cooking; phone
Butter 1626.
GEARY, 601, Hotel L' Alglon— Family rooms
and board: entirely renovated: reae. prices.
HOWAR1). S41 A— First-class board and room.-
i cinirl* or double. S3-*6 wk. : American family
ROOMS AXD BOARD WANTED.
\VA^T^D^Rooms~and board for 3 adults in
central location, north of Maiket et. Box
667. Call otnee.
SINGLE room and board wanted In a first -
i class hotel or boarding -house. Box 188. Call.
ROOMS WASTED.
WANTED— To rent suite of rooms, modern and
all conveniences. Box 56C. Call office.
FURNISHED room wanted: must be reason-
able. Box 186. Call office. . *t
STORAGE AXD WAREHOIJSES^
A— GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.: storage,
packing, shipping warehouse. O. G. and -Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel.South 750.
A— EMPORIUM Stcrage £ Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
P1ERCE-RODOLPH Storage * Moving Co.. of-
fice Poet and Powell ats.: tel. Prlv. Ex. 87L
CONKLJN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. S33 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN Weet Storage; advances made. 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 841. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furciture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 FUlmore tt.; phone Jackson 28L
EEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; teL Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
SnWIXG JIACHIXKS AXD SUPPLIES.
B^Y^THT^B^ST^R^NT^T^ns^E^T^^Tha
White is King" of ail sewing machines. W«
are closing out a lot of new machines that
are rllghtly shep worn at H and 1-3 regular
prices. 6an Francisco offices, 300 Post St.;
1S41 FUlmore tt. and 703 Valencia st.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
Is cheariest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office, 1021 Market at., near Sixth. m
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines: slightly used: $10. $15, $20; second-
hand. $3. $3, $8: all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.
SPECIAL. XOTICEG.
E^JZA^TiT^VREERT^w-idow 'of~JA^tES^s!
GRL'ER of Nevada County, i» the owner of
the Kehoo ranch on the San Pablo ranch,
ln Contra Costa County, and all psrsons are
wam<-Kl that they cannot receive a title to
raid property and that I will defend my title
to the same. The Contra Costa Water
Wprks are trespassers, and have no legal
right or title whatever to said property.
ELIZABETH GREER.
Ladies! Chiche6ter's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best: 6afe, reliable; take no other. Send 4o
etamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
in letter by return mail. Aek your drutrs : st.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia, Pa.
»TL'I1EK1.\G AA D 8TAMMK K 1 1 VoT
AT Melbourne Institute. Van Ness & Market,
is taught celebrated Melbourne system; only
Melbourne ln U. S.; private: established 3
years In S. F. Tel. Mint 2626 from I to "6 p.m.
. MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage' licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Stanford I. Newbill. 21. Dayton, Wash., and
Mary Mitchell. 21. 32Sij Seventh street.
Claude W. Ballly. 21. 148 Twelfth avenue,
and L'.lile Groezinger. 18. 908A Treat avenue.
Julius Coffee. 58, Oakdale, and Laura West-
ergard, 41, 420 Kearny 6treet.
1 Ouy Boechke. 2i». city, and Elizabeth G.
Moore, 25, Spokane, Wash.
Edward M. Hood. 29, 151. Hermann street,
and Mae McLaughlin, 28. 119 Larkin street.
Oilman B. Merrill. 25. 451 Valencia street,
and Lois I. Percival, 19, 451 Valencia street.
Joseph F. Milan. 23. 1672 Pacinc avenue,
and Jennie T. Farrell. 21, 140S Bush street.
Joserh W. Stlzer. 49. 117 Turk street, and
Betty Gartelmann. :», 3222 Seventeenth street.
Albert V. K. Hoefllch. 21, 118 Grant avenue,
and Lorette C. Farrell, IS. 336 Twelfth avenue.
William G. Mugan. 21. 241S Gough street,
and Elizabeth M. Mulr. 21. 2Ti01 Buchanan.
John A. F. Miller, 24. 717 Tehama street,
and KItlie Powers, 20, 505 Han Bruno avenue.
John Orovich. 34, 11 Silver etrett, and Dome
Partch 27. 22» Have* street.
Charles S. Ward. 32. Orovllle. and Bertha
Hund<r. 30,' Vancouver, Wash.
William F. Dunn. 21. 2»50 Mission street.
and Edna M. Le*. 1«. 2950 Mission street.
Alfred Buttman. 34. 1300 Turk street, and
Sophie J. Voas. 2*>, 74 Bernal avenue.
Charles A. Bacon, 2J». 725 O'Farrell street,
ani TesFie Bilshausen. 2ft. 725 O" Farrell street.
l*«>ter Rubin- 1. ."*•. 618 Broadway, and Marie
L. Pee 29. 224 Fourth street.
Adolph H. Goetzen, 23, Byron, and Made
Hammonds. 17. Byron.
William J. Mull|n!s#26, Oakland, and Jen-
nie M. Macdonald, 21, 57 Chenery street.
Adolf E. E. Wolff. 2S. 824 Iowa street, and
Martha K. A. Henoch. 25. 1062 Mississippi.
E1RTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at ef'-her of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of cbarre.
~~™ ~ BORN.
WOOLL— In Gan Quentln. June 2, 1904, to the
wife of J. H. Wooll, a eon.
MARRIED.
COFFEE— WESTK«GARD— In this city. June
t>. VJOi, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander, Julius
Coffee of Oakdale and Laura Westergard of
tnls city.
HERTFORD— RYDSTROM— In this city, June
4, 1904. by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander. Archie
Raymond Heryford and Ina Ottilia Ryd-
strom, both of this city.
MAYERS— RICHTER— In thin city, June 8,-
. It»04. fey the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander, Henry
J. Mayers and Laura Richter, both of this
<1ty.
O'BRIEN— BARNUM— In this city, Jnne 7,
lJ*>f. by the Rtv. E. L. Wall, pastor Fourth
Congregational Church," Charles W. O'Brien
of San Francisco and Edith Louise Barnum
of Potsdam, N. Y.
VAN KIRK— GIMMEL— In this city. June 8.
l»04, by the Rev. E. L. Walz. pastor Fourth
Congregational Church, Howard J. Van.
Kirk and Marion Louise Glmmel, both of
fun Franciaco.
V, DIED.
Anthes. Louise Maionn, Catherine R.
Bishop, Marie F. Martin. Julia A.
Cohn. Barnett McCarthy, Jeremiah
Evans. Richard J. Nelson, Martin
Flat land. Theodore O'Connell, Charles J.
Fnran, Bemardln F. Rayner, Greta E.
Kaiser. Ernst M. . Regan. Timothy F.
Uhman, Rebecca Rlng?n, Anna M.
L*ith. Robert C. Sakata. Y.
Lyons. Thomas J. 'Stapleton, William
Madden, William Schmitt. Tom
ANTHES — Entered Into rest, in this city.
June 8, 19O4, Louise, beloved wife of Peter
Anthes. and devoted- mother of Mrs. E.
fichieber. Mrs. A. J. Haubert, Mrs. George
Volz and Lena, Julia. Peter Jr., Emmie and
Hubert A. Anthes, a native of New York '
City, aged 08 years 3 months and 8 days.
C2rServle.es will bt held to-morrow (Fri-
day). June 10. at 10:30 o'clock, at her late
resMmce. KSi O'Farrell atrtet. between
l.^rkin and Pcflk. Interment private. Kindly
omit flowers. . •
BIBHOP— In this city. June 8. 1004, Marie F.
Bishop, a native of Germany, aged 72 years
and 9 months.
CXFriends a'nd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited t>> attend the. funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
' of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
COHN — In this city. June 7. 1904, Barnett
C«hn, a native of Germany, aged 64 years.
C Friends and acquaintances 1 and mem-
Irf-rs of Chebra Kdlse are rfsuectfully In-
vited to attend the funeral to-day (Thurs-
day), at ' 10:30 o'clock, from 862 FolHom
ttreet. Interment Eternal Home Cemetery,
by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and Town-
send streets.
EVANS— In this city. June 7, 1804, Richard
J., beloved, son of the late William and
Christina Evans, and brother of William
Evans and Mrs. James Montgomery a na-
tive of Boston, Mass.. aged 41 years, (Los
Angeles, Cal.. and Boston, Mass.. papers
please copy.)
ETThe funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 7C7 Mission street.
Interment private. Omit flowers.
FLATLAND— In this city. June 8, 1904, Theo-
dore, beloved sen of Martin and Eva' Flat-
land, a native of California, aged 4 years 3
. months and 22 days.
•FUR/JN— In this city. June 7,^ 1904. Beraar-
James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
james mcginn & co... •..
Formerly With McGinn Bros..
Funeral Directors and Embalmers
| _ M>|M|| 214 | Eddy at: Tel. South 676.
F. J. Monahan. Manager. , Tel. Mission 31.
MONAHAN. O'HARA & CO.
FUKKRAL. DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
2J3U-2341 Mission st.. near Nineteenth.'
San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS*
OF THE
CONDITION AXD AFFAIRS
OF THE
COMMERCIAL UNION
ASSURANGE COMPANY
(Limited)
OF LONDON ENGLAND. ON THE 3 1ST
day of December. A. D. 1903. and for th«
year ending on that day. aa made to the- In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia pursuant to the provisions of sections
C10 and «I1 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank fumiahed by th« Commissioner :
j CAPITAL.
I Amount of Capital Stock paid up
j In Cash ~~~~^^^~~
ASSETS.
Real Estatn oxroed by Company.. SSS9.14S «»
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages. . . 112,000 00
1 Cash Market Value of all Stock*
i and Bonds owned by Company 3.219,69.'( 75
'Cash In Company's Office 10.41W 74
1 Cash In Banks 442.027 72
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1.8M It
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 1.627 50
Premiums In due Course of Col-
lection 30S.302 88
Bills Receivable, not Matured.
taken for Fire and Marine Risks 6,2ft! 4S
Rents due and accrued 8.634 23
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid 8.333 73
Total Auets S4.204.7S1 91
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $106,223 39
Losses ln process of Adjustment
or ln Suspense 210.202 44,
Losses resisted, tncradlng expenses 36. 433 CO
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or les«. $2,270.-
-367 94; reinsurance SO per cent.. 1.135.1S3 97
Gross premiums on Fins Risks
running more than one year, $2-
1S1.1S0 R4: reinsurance pro rata. 1.124,463 5«
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. $63.-
949 60; reinsurance 10O per cent. 63.949 «•
Gross premiums on Marine Tim*
Risks, $37,810 61; reinsurance 00
percent, 13,900 a©
. Amount reclalmable by the In-
sured on Perpetual Fire Poli-
cies 108,633 14
Due fnr Coxnmiaslcn and Broker-
age i 63.017 14
Return Premiums and Reinsurance
Premiums 46.623 S3
Total Llabilltte $2.910.8313.9
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for
Fire Premiums $2,864,701 S3
Net cash actually received for
Marine premiums 183,036 73
Received for Interest on Bonds
and Mortgage* 7,697 73
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
from all other aources AS, 434 7<l
Received for Rents 80.979 «»
Total Income $3,180,870 31
EXPENDITURES. ~~~ — — =
Net amount raid for Fire Losses
(Including $318,908 S7 losses of
previous years) $1. 499.673 S3
Net amount paid for Marine Losses 136.979 47
Paid or allowed for Commission
cr Brokerage 592.498 70
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 144,387 47
Paid for State. National and Lo.
cal taxes 88.113 M
All other payments and expendi-
tures 196.S58 16
Tola! Expenditures $2.GS9.513 OS
Fir*.
Losses Incurred during th? year..$l.CC2.921 S3
Risks and Premiums. [Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks! I
written during the! I
year |$S36.037.564!$4.031.730 IS
Net amount of Risks!
expired during the!
year 1343.906.684 3,973,963 49
Net amount In fnrcel
December 31. 1903.. I 337.12».CC5I 4.431.S3* 7S
R!s£s and Premiums. I Mar. Risks, f Premiums.
Net amount of Risks 1
written daring the
year j $99,454,640) $233.800 60
Net amount of Risks f
expIre/J during thel f
year \ 99.071.6311 230.413 21
Net amount )n force] ;
I>canit»r ri. 190CI. .i ?.Bni..T*li 1vW.1*l?»
A. 11. WRA.fi Manager
SuMcribeJ »n<l sv.orn •«. >»fjr* r;»e. thi»
20th day of January, W&i.
H. R. i:AT. Nuta»y Putlic
C. F. MULLINS, Pacific Coast Manager.
416-418 California St,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEmENT
OF TUB
CONDITION* AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
ALLIANCE
ASSURANCE COMPANY
(Limited.)
OF LONDON ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST?
day of December. A. D. 1903. and for th«
year ending on that day. as made to th« In-
Jurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia pursuant to the provisions of Section*
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condense*
as per blank furnished by the . Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate own«d by Company $173,170 ST
Cash Market Value of all Stocks ¦
and Bonds owned by Company... B»3,730 CO
Cash In Banks • • 81,463 2*
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1.730 0«
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 83.863 00
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 100 0«
Rents due and accrued 500 00
Total Assets $888.601 14
LIABTLITTKS. "
Losses adjusted and unpaid $1,703 4T
Losses In proces. of Adjustment or
In Suspense lT.swa it
Grow premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $208,713 10:
reinsurance 50 per cent 1 43.339 M
Croas premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $157.-
018 16- reinsurance pro rata 83.633 09
Due and' to become due for Salaries,
Rents, etc ,.-"Y 4.079 41
Due and to become due for Com-
.missions and Brokerage 4.861 63
Return premiums and reinsurance
premiums 12,163 23
Total Liabilities $275.818 13
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $382,703 SO
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
' all other sources 20.673 V>
Received for Rents 1.1.37ft 50
Received from Home Office 5,660 38
Total Income $42t.S14 25
, EXPENDITtTRKSL
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $25,739 50. losses of
previous years) $171,637 41
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 07.717 64
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks,* etc 15,673 81
Paid tor State. National and Local
taxes 6.303 78
All other payments and expendl- \
tures 123.903 93
Total Expenditures $415,476 57
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year...S181.K»-4S
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
N«t amount of Risks
T 7ir t " 1 .. d . U - rtn f.. t - h ' $39,001,430 $300.633 71
Net- amoiint of Risks
IZ35ZH&&&. =s.**>.02= :«Mn«
* December 31. liXCT.. I 3ri.353.97q 4T^.731 2ft
ELIJAH R. KKNN'EDT. President.
Of and for Weed & Kennedy. Mara
Subscribed and sworn to before me. t&I*
21«t day of Januarv. l!>04.
F. FISHBECK. Notary Public
C. F. MULLINS, Faciffc Coast Manager.
416-418 California St.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
WEEKLY CAXL, $1.00 FES YEAB.
- din Frances Foran. beloved wife of Frank
J. Foran, mother of Edna Foran,' daughter
of Robert and Mary Stein, and sister of May
•Stein and Mre. Terena Fett. a native of
San Francisco, aged 24 years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at S:30 o'clock, from her Jate
residence. No. 6<i Webster street, thence to
Sacred Heart Church, corner Filimore and
Fell streets, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery by carriage.
KAISER— Irt this city. June 8, 1904, Ernst
Max. beloved husband of A. Elizabeth
Kaiser, and father of Emily and Fred
Kttiser, a native of Saxony. Germany, aged
¦41 years 9 months and 17 days. A member
of Dtutscher Krleger Verein and Gambrinus
Verein.
; ICTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Theodor Dlerks, 1)57 Mission
street, between Fifth and Sixth.
LEHMAN— In Brooklyn, N. Y., June 7. 19*1.
Rebecca Lehman, wife of Sigmund S. Leh-
man, and beloved sister of Mrs.' Otto Irving
Wise, aged SO years.
LE1TH— In this city, June 4. 1004. at Pacific
Hospital, Robert C. Lelth, a native of Scot-
land, aged 7S> years 9 months and 12 days.
LYONS— In this city, June 7. 1904, Thomas
J. Lyons, a native of California, aged 30
years and 4 months. A veteran of the Span-
ish-American war and of Company A, N.
G. C. •
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Frlday). at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McGinn & Co.-, 214 Eddy
street, thence to St. Patrick's^ Church for
Bervices, commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment
National Cemetery. Presidio.
MADDEN— In this city, June 7. 1904, William
Madden, dearly beloved husband of Annie
Madden, and beloved father of Lucy and
Edward Madden, a native of Ohio, aged 45
years 9 months and 1 1 day. A member of
Madera Camp No. 161, W. O. W.
ICT'Frlends and acquaintances and neigh-
bors of the W*. O. W. and W. of W. are re-
spectfully Invited to attend the funeral
cervices , this day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock,
at the parlors of Gantner Bros., 1209 Mission
street, between Eighth and Ninth, which will
be held under the auspices of Western Ad-
dition Camp No. 300. W. O. W. Interment
Alliance, Ohio, Cemetery.
MALOON— In Oakland. June 7, 1904, Cath-
erine Reta. beloved wife of Harry O. Ma-
loon, and daughter of William Davis, a na-
tive of ' San Francisco, aged 26 years 3
months and 10 days.
MARTIN— In this city, June 7. 1004, Julia
A., beloved wife of George L. Martin, daugh-
ter of Mrs. .Julia Donovan and the late Dan-
lei Donovan, and sister of Mre.. J. Nunan.
Mrs. J. 'Kane, Mrs. J. Feraner. Mrs. L.
Trlest and James Donovan, a native of Bos-
ton. Mass., aged 39 years 10 months and
21 days. .
ZZT Friends and acquaintances are res pec t-
I fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
! (Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her mother, 760 Third street. Oak-
land, thence to the Church of the Immacu-
late Conception, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the reposs
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment St Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
MCCARTHY— In this city, June 8, 1904, Jere-
miah, dearly beloved husband of Mary
McCarthy, and father, of Patrick T., Charles,
Jeremiah and Joseph McCarthy and the late
Daniel McCarthy and Julia Scott, a native
of Temde Brien, north parish of Clonkilty,
County Cork, Ireland, aged 75 years.
Ey Notice of funeral hereafter.
NELSON— In this city. June 6, 1904, Martin
Nelson, a natlva of Norway, aged 40 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Bunker & Lunt. 26<j6 Mission street
(Mission Masonic Temple), between Twenty-
second and Twenty-third, under the auspices
of Court Star ot the Mission No. 7194, A. O.
F. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
O'CONNELLr- In this city, June 8. 1904,
Charles J. O'Connell, de'arly beloved husband
of Kate- O'Connell, a. native of County
Waterford, Ireland. »
ICT'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the. parlors
of Carcw & English, 29 Van Ness avenue,
thence to Sacred Heart Church, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his souU commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment strictly private. Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
RAYNE*R— In Ocean View. June 8, 1904,
i Greta Edith, beloved daughter of Benjamin
and Alice Rayner, and sister of Thomas B.,
Sidney and Alice Rayner and the late John
Rayner, a native of Ocean View, aged 11
years 3 months and 7 days.
E7FTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her mother. 24.S Sherman avenue. Ocean
View. Uienco to Ocean View , Episcopal
Church, where eervlcen will be held at 2:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
REGAN— In this city. June 6. 1904, Timothy
F.. beloved son of Julia and the late Pat-
rick Regan, snd brother of Katie, Patrick
Julia. May and Willie Regan, Mrs. W*
Nilan and Mrs. F. Sllva. a native of San
Francisco, aged 32 years 7 months and 13
days.
ICTThw funeral will take place to-day
(Thureday). at 9:30 o'clock, from his lata
residence. 1630 Eleventh avenue. South San
Francisco, thence to All Hallows Church,
where a requiem high mass will' be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
RINGEN— In this city, June 8, 1904, Anna
Alargrethe Rlnsen. beloved wife of Peter
Rlngen, loving mother of John, Peter. George
and the late T.ouis Rlngen. a native of
Breniervorde, Hanover. Germany, aged 71
years 11 montns and 17 days..
C7Frienas and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, June 10. at 1 o'clock, at her late
residence. 613 Lombard street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
San Francisco Frauen Verefn — Officers and
members of this society are kindly requested
to attend thr» funeral of our late member.
Mrs. A M. Rlngen, Friday, Ju?ie 10, at 1
o'clock, from her residence. By order of
MRS. V. WREDE. President.
MRS. ANNA-MAAS. Secretary.
SAKATA — In the City and County Hospital,
June S. 1004, Y. Sakata, a native of Japan,
aged 30 years. • )
ECHMITT— In San Joae, Cal.. June 7, 1904,
Tonl Schraltt, husband of the late Louisa
Schmitt, and father of Mrs. Clarence Mc-
Clelland and Mrs. George Hlrth. a native of
Germany, aeed r»0 years 6 months and 8
days.
ICTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, S2S Orchard street. Interment Oak
Hill Cemetery.
STAPLETON— In this city, June 8, 1004,
William Stapleton. beloved husband of Mar-
tha A. Stacleton. and loving father of Mrs.
J. F. Croono. Mrs. J. H. Beresford, Mrs. C.
A. Graham and Joseph. David and the late
William Stanleton. a native of Prince Ed-
ward Inland, aged S."i years.
C7"The funeral service* will b»'he!d to-
morrow (Friday*, at 11 o'clock, at his lat«(
residence. 110«A Valencia street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICER 1016 BROADWAY.
MANITACTURERS AND EVERYBODY. *
TSCB THIS FINE BUILDING FACRIFICED.
I nave for *a!e a large bulging at £lmhur«t.
dl. a .uburb of Oakland, built for a hotel
l.ui too larire for the place, and I hate a late
OTfer to «ll It for the best price I can get.
The im.Iding is 60x100 feet and «»«¦¦»»• 4u
arpe room f ; a «ae plant !n good order in a
Gliding in the r<ar. and gas and water fl«-
;uret all over the house. The lot Is on the
ri"ncipal *tre»t with «reet railroad in front
and i* 115x130:7 EecC on Jones ave ; a cement
vi.itwalk l.'> feot wide on two sides. It is
«>!• «darted for any kind of manufacturing.
with electric power riant near by: or a bun-
, ,vd ether ;>urposes to be EUggested. The
!„, I. a very oi<1 man and Is closins up his
rnl'.A. a*j\»» BELL for WHAT IT WILL
lil-lNG See the building anfl make me an offer.
IRA C. JEXKS.
12C3 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
i;ll DEN"? BARGAINS.
yj-vtLn<.duc<-d !rcrn * eoco to rffect quick
» !o"*fir E**«ern client; lovely home on Oak
M.. near .Mad it on Square; » rooms and bath.'
"'rrS^Pwiul-ed to cloee out: elf-pant, elevated
fiio'W a h..me: choice lot. 4<Vsll3. In beauU-
ful V-rtlege H-ights. r.ith and Webster «U.
«-j<jr, pretty 6-room cottage on Adeline *t_.
r*ar ISttH 1ot*4<*xlW.
K106_KI,h- flats, with 50-foot lot; well lo-
cated- reuts $30 and Insured for K600; a spe-
cial rnar: «¦>'• tak<? « oo<1 lot ln W^?*-
uSS-Vtn central corner; 100x75; oppoeite
a olTy square; splendid eite for flats or apart-
m j".snn V» en— Bert bargains ever offered; only
•• more left cf those Jones estate cottages on
Joms st , bet. Grove and Telegraph; 6 rooms
*r,d **' h BEr#DKN REAL ESTATE.
H12 Broadway. Oakland.
ih(n> CASII. |U monthly— Cottage cf 5 rooms
a-d bath «-ellar and basement; good barn.
Ftsble chicken houses, chicken runs, 30 at-
ported' fruit trees, all in fine bearing. 6 Bel-
gian l:ares l h 0 ftoe laying hens, nice garden
nnd lots ot flowers; some furniture goes with
liace- 125 feet fronting on main road, by
c,«d 'depth: sandy lcam so!l; n-ar electric
.srs church and school: an ideal localitr:
•'dii-iining East Oakland: away from fogs and
v-inc*- price sn all $1425. Call or mend for
circular. 455 7th st.. opposite "roadway : *»«-
Don. Oakland. Carriage free. H. Z. JONESs.
Land Owner.
$3!KK>— NEW house: 6 rooms, bath, etc: near
Key route station; *500 down, balance flat.
MRP J T. JENNINGS, owner, room 10.
•Ilir, Allstori ¦way. Berkeley. 2 to 4 p. m.
FOTt rent or sale — Claremont home of 4 acres:
\ars- house cf 9 rooms: large stable: over
] *cv in fruit: fine place: cost over $18.00<>;
can h» had fcr S11.000. Apply to JAS. S.
XAISMITH. 5T>4 Thirteenth St.. Oakland. t
CHEAPEST and best In America — The W«ek!y
fill 16 pages, sent to any address tn ths
l-,,!,"^ ptaten »r Canada one year for It.
¦ iAhU.M< FlRXlTCItB FOR 8 ALB.
'JO-MORROW the day for bargains ln furni-
ture. II. SchelihaaB.nth st..cor.store. Oakland.
San Francisco Advertisemts.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A s,V\P — 3 partly furn. housekeeping rooms:
flS mo.; tunny. The Virginia. 1005 Powell «l
CALIFORNIA 1522—3 completely furnished
r.otfsjkecplng nut. ; bath, yard, tel.; private.
E1GHTH.10H— Housekeeping room; furnished;
bedroom and kitchen adjolnicg.
GEARY. 007— Nice front room for housekeep-
ing: also single room: new.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 433 — Furnished rooms
for housekeeping.
Jt»IE 333— Sunny front room; gas range,
rtefc. furnished housekpg. closet. <3 week.
JONES. 607. June. O'Farrell— For light house-
Ve^ping. 2 tretty tunny rooms: also single.
KNHTvERBOTKER Apartments. 1340 Pine —
Sunny furntahed 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted: free baths; rate >30 up.
LAGT'NA. 1507. cor. Geary — Newly fumishea
sunny rooms, ail connecting: bath, phone,
im-dprri: rriv»t«? family; reasonable.
LARK IN 1007. comer Post, The Cragburn—
Sunny furnished roome. single or en suite;
housekeeping apartments a specialty: baths;
reduced rates for summer; Larkin and Sut-
ter-rt. cars pass house.
MCALLISTER. 9«7— 2 nicely furnished sunny
r.«oTTis: gas range, bath; $12: German family.
MISSION. !»":M4 — Large eunny front room for
hou^-ke. -jiii*:' stove, running water.
«7aK. 10—2 rooms complete for housekeeping:
use of piano.
OAK. 117. and 53S McAllister— Suites and sin-
gle. $r, to |32; gas range; hot bath; laundry:
tdults^
1'EARL. 3 rx>mer Market— 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms; no children; $14.
BBCPXP. T'2-"5 — Nice furnished room and
kitchen: middle flat; gas and coal stove.
VAN NESP. 51«— Housekeeping suites. «lng!«
rooms: table board: reasonable.
iMSTKZBT gotrsra.
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS.
HIM SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
lieautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms and
».r.th each: all unfurniihed; $27 SO to $40.
-'•'. . l- r reservations now.
ET.CECILE 115 Fell.above Van Ness ave. — The
acme of perfection In modern, elegantly fur-
r.!tih*d S-room apartment*, with private baths.
M'ini heat. ele«tr«; light elevator, gas ranges;
$JO. $.*». $37. $40, $45. $47 SO. $50, $55.
ST. LOl/IS. ir.75 Jackson et. — Modern 3-4-3
rooms: furn. or unfura.: refg. Tel. East 1S50.
APAKTMENTS WA9TEO. •
APARTMENT of 3 rooms wanted, furnished
complete for hourekeeping. Box 553, Call.
4-1. < " M apartment wanted with all modern
ronveni?n<es: state rates. Box 179, Call.
ROOMS TO LET— Farm, and Vuturm.
C— THE ST. KAJITRYN.
V. K COR. ELLIS AND LEAVEN WORTH.
SfNNIEPT ROOMS IN ¦ CITT:
NKW IIOI'PE: FIRHT CLASS:
a*R KIUNISHED; HAIR MAT-
TRESSES IN EVERT ROOM: HOT
AND «X»LD« WATER BATHS;
STEAM HKAT. ELEVATOR SER-
VICE: EVERT MODERN CON-
VENIENCE; ROOMS $3 PER
WEEK UP. .
A— URVNSWICK Ileus*. 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light huusekT-ping rooms: open all night.
AT "The Almonte." K73 Market St. (or No. 1
Fifth Ft.)— Rooms, 25o. 60c. $1. $1 60 night;
II 50 to $10 week; hous*; open all night.
BURNETT. 14W Market (old No. ISM)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single: also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. 1304— Sunny front bay-window
roo<n A kitchen, connecting; r«as.;no child'n.
CLIFFORD. »»4 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELEVENTH. 21— Elegant rooms, single or en
suite; furnished or unfurnished; references.
Fl'LTON. 7. opposite City HaJI— Two doubU
rooms; $11 and $14; to men only. ¦
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
!o f 1 2T> nfBht: *1 50 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
HOTEL DLTFFERIN. 749 Ellis— Elegantly fur-
niFhed suite* and single rooms.
JUNES. SO" <Van Winkle)— Furnished aunny
l-nis.; suite or Eingle; gents preferred: $2 up.
MCALLISTER. 007— Nicely famished, minny
r.->om; laundry end yard; German family; $4.
OTAPRELU 332— Nicely furnished parlors;
Minny *uite or single; light hKkpg. If desired.
O'FARRELL. 610— Nicely furnished many
rooms tn goM neighborhood.
POST. 207— Newly furnished rooms for gentle.
mm; bath; references.
POST. SS9. n»«tr Hyde — Large furnished front
room: bath: g»»: for 1 or 2 gents.
ROYAL House, 12« Ellis — Incandescent lights,
n-ading-rooci, cmoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: room* ter right. 35c to $1 50: week, $2
to tH; month. $S to S'iO; elevator on ground
flocr: rooms wlt-h hot and cold water; baths.
SIXTEENTH. 2905. near Howard— Newly fur-
n'.rhcd sunny rooms; reasonable.
BUI mm. J009 — Beautifully furnished rooms
Tor $10 per month; also furnished apartments
for doctors' offices.
TATLOR. C24. corner Sutter— Front bay-win-
dow room, (10; single front room, $8.
THE FALMOUTH. 104!)A Market St.— Sunny
rooms: hot and cold water: elevator; $2 to »*¦
UNITED FTATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rootnis 3.V to $1 night, $1 "5 to $0 w«ek; elec-
tric lights <no gas), running water ln every
room; elevator. read--room: free bus; baggage,
\VINCHEFTER Hotel, 44 3d «t.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 60 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elee. lights: reading-room; free bus: baggage.
WOLF House, 202 -Sixth tt.-Koomt from I5c
to (I per night and from »0c to $& per week.;
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
CU1 brancfi office, cor. Duncan ft Church eta.LOCAL MARKETS.
Continued on Pago 14,
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
There Is no further change. Everything Is
In large supply and weak.
¦ DRES3ED MEATS. •
Meat Market.
¦ Street —
$5,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. 78 tSM
Business on the local exchanges was light
again and there were few fluctuations. Ophlr
sold down to $4 10. but subsequently recovered
to $4 25. The company has just -ecelv»d
$9523 76 txpm the sale of six carloads of ore
ani fourteen carloads now remain on the way.
The California-street Cable Railroad Com
pany paid a regular monthly dividend of 75c
yesterday.
The West Vancouver Commercial Company
of British Columbia has levied an assessment
of lc per share, delinquent July 7.
STOCK ANT> i OXO EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. June 8—3 p. ra.
UNITED STATES BONDS. . -
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 107 107%|4s qr cp new.l32%1.T:%
4s qr reg. ..106 10«% 3s qr coup... — lOUVk
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 6s.l01 — Oak T Co 6s.ll9%119X4
Bay CPC 5s.l01 102 Do 5a Ill — .
Cat C G 5S.100 105 Do con 5s. — 104
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 5s. — 75
m & ct Dai 84% *6 Om Cable 6a. — 125
Cal-st C 6s. — 117% Pac G Im 4s. 92 — •
C C Wat 5e. — 101 P E Ry 5s.l04%in»S
EdL A P 6s.l23% — P * C H 6a.lO5 —
F A C H 6s.ll4% — P St O R 6s. — IIS
Geary-st 5s.. — 65 Powell-st 6s. — 114
II CiS 5%s.l00 — Sac EGARSa. 97% 09%
Do 5s .... 97 97% SF ft SJV5«.ne —
Hon R T 68.105 — Sierra R ««.. — 118
L A Elec 5s. — 105 S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s. 111% — (1909) I<W — :
L A L Co 6s — — (1910) 100 —
Do gtd 0s. — — S P of C «i
Do gtd 5s.lO2% — (19O5)Sr A. 102% —
LAP lem 5s.l01 — (19«5>Sr B.1C3V* —
Mkt-st C 69. — 119% (190«) 104% —
Do lem 69.114% — (1912) 113 118
MVA MtT5a.l01% — 3FC 1 eg 5s.H0 —
NRR of C6s.l06%107% Do stmpd.,107% — v
Do 6s ....116%117 S P B R to. 131% —
N P C R 5s. — 106 S V Wat 6s. 104% —
N C Ry 5s. .110 112 Do 4s 2dm. — »»
N* C P C flu. W» — E>o 4» 3<lm. — 0O
N S R R 5s. 95 — Do ir mU4» 97% 0S%
O G UH 5s.lO7 — IStkn GAEfis. — 101
O W gtd 6s. — — |U G A E 5s. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 40 [Port Costa... — —
Marin Co... — 6O | S V Wat Co. 37% —
GAS AND ELECTRIC. ::V
Cent LAP. 3% 4 Is F G A E. 60% «0%
Mutual E L. 12 12%lstkn O * B. — «
Pac L Co... 56% — ! U G A E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 335 t
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l25 — |L P A A. ..150 1«O
Anglo-Cal .. 83% ««%IMer Trust — 215
Bank of Cal.425 4.TO I Merch Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp.113 147%tS F Nation!. — — ".;
First Natlonl — — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S * L.22S0 2350 ! Sav & L So. — 100
Hum 3 Sz L. — — I Sec Sav Bk. — 40* •
Mutual Sav. 100 — [Union T Co..— * .;;'.'
B F Sav XT. 625 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. 200 I Presidio 59*4 ~"
Geary — CO I
POWDER.
Giant 60% «l%!Vlgorlt '. 4H S
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 15c I KUauea 8 C — 4
. Hawaiian C. 40% 50%|Makawell C. 21% 22
Honoka* S C US 12 Onoraea S C. 24 27% •
Hutch S P C S 9%|Paauhau S C. 13% 13%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 137 140 (Oceanic 9 Co. 4 4%
Cal F C A. — 10O Pac Aux FA. 5 «
Cal Wine A. 89% — I Pac C Borx.13* 15»%
MV& MtTm-100 — I
Morning Etsslon.
Board —
110 California Wine Association... 90 00
45 Paauhan S P Co 13 23
55 Spring Valley -Water Co 37 50
$5,000 Oakland Transit 5 per cent. .111 CO
$2 000 Oakland Transit Co 6*. b 2. ..119 5O
$3,000 8 F A 8 J V 5 per cent 11« 60
$1,000 S P Cal lit con 5a (stamped). 10S 00
Street —
80 S F Gas & Electric 60 SO
$10,COO S P Cal lst con 9s (stamped). I*"* 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Hawaitaa Coml A Sugar 49 7.1
25 Paauhau 8 P Co 13 25
$4.0U0 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 5a.... 97 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. 98% 99% 8 P C R 4s. — 100
Cal NW 5s.. — 112 S P Co 4%s. 99 —
M C Wat Os.100 — Sun Tel 6s.. 113 —
RIs I Wks5s — 107% Do 8a — 1<H
SF Drd* 6s — 113% Suttr-st RSa.lOO 113
SF A NP 5s. — 111% UR of SF 4». 73% 19 '
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co. . . — 30 I Mat Nav Co. — 90
Amer Bis Co — 100 Nev Nat Bk. — 200 .
Cal Cot Mils 8A 87 |N S R R Co. 9% —
Cal GAECor. 45 4S I N Cal P Co. 10% 11
Cal Powder.. — 150 I Oak Bk Sav.ll2Vi — .
Cal Ship Co. 21 27 I Oak T Con.. 75 —
CalTI&T.US — HOOF Hall A 9 —
Cen Bk Oak — 65 Orpheuta Co.. — l«tj
Chutes Co .. - 7% PacC cjs Co 120 -?.
City A C Bk — 112 Pac S Tei Co.100 —
1 Cyp L Imp.. 6% — Paraf Paint.. 3» —
East Dynra.. — 25O S F Drydock *> —
DpntPwd pfd — 9O SFASJ Coat. 25 32Vi
Do com .. — 50 S J Wat Co. — 1C8
FN Bk. Oak.l2« ¦ — ' SO & MT*bt.I25 —
Fischer Thtr 65c — SwUa-A Bk.115 —
Froch-A Bk.106 — Truck Elect.. — 13
Gas Con A.. — 22 UR InC pfd. 4« —
Hono P Co.. 14 — Do com ... 8 —
LonA SF Bk — 60 I
Morning Session. ¦
A local house says of Wool : "There la a
continued and Increasing: demand for all choice
free grades of California Spring Wool at full
quotations. This demand also extends to all
other Pacific States and Territories to a degree
that has not manifested Itself In several years.
Th«;re has been a close clean up of all desirable
stock throughout th? country districts of Cali
fornia and the local market is closely sold out.
so that soon there will be only a • very light
stock to draw from." " .'
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about %©lc under quotations. I Heavy Salted
Steers, 9f : medium.' 8%c; light. 8c; Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and 8c for light: SUgs.
6c; Salted Kip 9c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf lie: dry Hides. l«c: dry Klo. 13c; dry
Cn\l, ISc; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25<g3Oe each;
short Wool. 4O@65c each: medium, 70^90c: long
Wool, $l$t W>: Horse Hides, salt, $2 75 for
large and $2«2 50 for medium. $1 £5#1 73 for
small and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $I©1 25
for small and 60c for Colts. Skins — Dry
Mexican. 30c; dry Salted Mexican. 25c: dry
Central American. 30©32%c Goat Skins —
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth. 50e:
medium, 85c; small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%64%c per lb;
No 2. 3%©4c; grease. 2%£3c.
WOOL— Spring Clip— Humboldt and Mendo
clno. 17619c: San Joaquln and Southern. 12
months'. 10«12c: do 7 months', 9911c per lb:
Middle Counties. l.tgiTc for free and 12015c
for defective; Northern. 16«lSc for free and
14eifte for defective; Nevada. 13916c. accord-
Ing to condition.
- HOPS— Jobbing at 27%©30c per lb for Cali
fornia, 1003. For crop of 1004 the nominal
quotation Is 20c. ; •,/
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
LIVERPOOL.
Foreign Futures.
Wheat — July. Sept.
Opening 8 3% 6 4%
Closing 6 3% 0 *%
Wheat— June. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 19 "5 20 20
Closing 20 05 20 25
FJour —
Opening 27 30 27 30
Closing 27 40 27 35
St. Louis Wool Market.
' ST. LOUI8, June 8.— WOOL— Steady : terri
tory and Western mediums, 16®21c; fine me
dium, 16$17c; fine. I5@lTc.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
. PORTLAND, 'June _ 8.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 71c; bluestero, 79c; valley, 80c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. June 8.— Clearings, $663,599;
balances, $150,083.
TACOMA, June 8. — Clearings. $306,049;
balances. $68,770.
• .PORTLAND.. Juno 8.— Clearings. $820,818;
balances, $90,210. •
SPOKANE, June 8.— Clearings. $381,582;
balances, $04,841. . -
CHICAGO, June 8. — On, the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady;
creameries, 1 13%«17%c; dairies, ll%©lflc.
Eggs easy. 14 %6 15 %c. Cheese easy. 7%@8%c.
Miscellaneous Markets.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9%c per lb for
heavy, 10c for light medium. 12c for light,
13%c for extra light and 15Q16c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c: Cali
fornia Hams, 12@12%c; Mess Beef. $lf>9
10 60 t>er bbl: extra Mes*. $11011 50: Family
$12«I12 50: prime Mfss Pork. $14; extra clear
$23; Mess. $17 50; Dry Salted Pork. 9'ic: Pig
Pork. $26: Pigs' Feet, $5; Smoked Beef, 14o
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb. for
compound and 8%c for pure: half- barrels, pure
8%c; 10-lb tins. 9%c; 6-lb tins. 9%c; 3-lb tln»"
9%c.
COTT0LENE— One half barrel. 8£c; thre*
half barrels. 8%c: one tierce, 8%c; two tierces.
8c; five tierces. 7%c per lb.
Chicago wa* lower, Pork declining 15c and
Lard and Ribs 5c. Receipts of Hogs are
larger than last year. The Kan Francisco mar
ket continues dull and unchanged.
Provisions.
CHICAGO. June 8. — Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour, steady: No. 2 spring wheat.
JC><&9fcc- No. 3. R.V@96c; No. 2 red. $1 05® 1 06;
No 2 corn. 48%c; No. 2 yellow. 50®. r .0%c;
No 2 oats, 41%©42c: No. 3 white. 41«f43c;
No, 2 rye, 75c: good feeding barley. 4OS43c;
fslr to choice malting, 45 ( g56c; No. 1 flaxseed,
$1- No 1 Northwestern. $1 06%; prime timothy
need. $2 95; me«s pork, per bbl. $12®12 06:
lard per 100 lbs $6 50@6 55; short ribs sides
(loose) $6 rO^i 87%: short clear sides (boxed).
Vi 75Q7: whisky, basis of high wines. $1 28;
clover, contract grade, $10 75.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 28.600 15.100
Wheat, bu.. 47.000 21,100
Corn, bu 755,800 ¦ 125.900
Oats, bu 321. R00 101,400
"Rye. bu S.000
Barley, bu 66.800 4.200
Cash Grain and Provisions.
NEW YORK. June 8. — Tuesday's upward
, moidnmt of prices was carried over into to
| <3a> s market and. with some show cf energy
j on the part of rrcf entjona 1 operators, a re
spectafcle and quite repreaentative showing of
gains were established during th? cours*? of
he trading There was nothing doing in the
loan part of the market. The market became
cxtren.ely languid at the higher level, and th«
buying gav* evidence o f quick exhaustion. It
1 is not important to discover the causes for so
iasigninrant a movement. But so far as gen
eral cause* op-rated a distinctly hopeful feel-
Ing over th« progress in the making of the
crup« wa« perceptible. The- day' B weather
news withstood this feeling and prepared the
speculative mind to discount to nome extent
any favorable fears of the Government's
monthly report of grain condition on June 1
Some effect was produced by reports of an
unexpectedly large volume of pa**en*er traf
fic as a reFUlt of travel to the St. Louis ex
position and extended to the Kast £<->me at
tention was paid also to a published story
that a pl*n for the settlement out of ccmrt
of the Hill-Harriman dispute over the distri
bution of Northern firruritl»>« assets was under
discussion, although th» story was denied. Th»
Hoftn.ss of th«- I/ondon discount market, which
yielded to below 2 per cent for open market,
dlbcounts gave ground for an expectation that
th* Bank of England would reduce it* mini
mum rate of discount to-morrow below 3 per
cent. This would tend to avert any movement
of gold from New York to London, and \fould
indicate tl>ai the supplyof capital has reached
repletion at London as well as Paris. The
Wfft«rn Union's statement of net earnings
for the June quarter were studied with inter
est, although the current month's earnings are
only estimated. The decline of 7 per cent !n
the earnings indicated, compared with the cor
responding quarter of last year, la regarded
as throwing light on the relative volume of
general business activity. Recoveries in a
number of low-priced railroad stocks which
have be«n under pressure recently, presumably
due to covering by shorts, made up an. im
portant showing In the day's advances.
Bonds were Irregular. Total sales, par
value, were $2,335,000.
United States 2s and the old 4s advanced
'i. and the new 4s declined % per cent on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low.* Close.
! At«-hUon 14.4'JO 70% C9% 70,
Atchimn pfd 1,000 »3% 93 83%
I Baltimore & Ohio.. 4,200 73% 79 79%
1 Halt * Ohio pfd 81
¦ Canadian Pacific... «00 11S% 117% 11S%
Cent of New Jersey 5no lf;i 100 169
Oiesapeake & Ohio 200 30% - 30% 30%
CT-.lcsgr & Alton 36
i Chi & Alton pfd... 100 80% 79% 80%
j '1.1 & Gt Western. 5,200 14 12% 13%
I Chi *- N W 500 170% 170 169
• Chi M & St Paul... 10,700 141% 140%' 141
I Chi M & St P pfd. 100 176% 176% 176
j Chi T-r * Trans.. JO0 «% »% 6
c^cilt^ui;:: ..^ m? 14 .. 15 s
! Colo Southern 2,100 15 ' 14 15
Oolo South lst pfd. «O0 49 48 49 "'
Colo South 2d pfd.. 700 19% 18% 19
Dela & Hudson.... «X) 154% 153% ir>4%
De!a Lark & W 2Q8U.
Denver & Rio Or.. 200 ]9% .18% 19%
Denver A R G pfd. 300 «S «7% 68
Erie 9.300 24% 23% 23%
Krle lit pfd 4.200 6«H 57% 68 -
Brie 2J pf<! ,... 300 ' 34\ 34% 34
Hocking Valley.*.. 100 C2% «2% 0IU
Hocking Val pfd.. 200 70% 79% 79%
Illinois Central 200 123% 129% 129
Iowa Central 200 15% 15 15
Iowa Central pfd.. 100 37% 3714 32
Kan City South jqj/
Kan City South pfd '* 371/
Louis « Nash 100 108% 107% 10714
Manhattan L 1.500 144% 144% 144U
Metrcpol Securities $»o 75% 7 8 £ - 8 2
MetropolSt Ry.... 3,400 111% 110% 111
Mlnn^ft Bt Louis.. .100 42% 42% 42 '
M P P & 5. S M-... 100 61% 61% 61«
M S P&S S M pfd. ..... .... "'J; luiT
; Missouri Pacific 1.700 00% no O0U
I Mo Kan & Tex 600 15% 15% 15C
Me Kan & TcX pfd 500 35% 35 35 I
Nat RR of Mex pfd 30
New Tork Central. 800 115% 115 114%
Norfolk & West.... 100 54% 64% 64%
Norfolk <& W pfd.. ,„.» »..* «.« '85
New York Stock Market.
RAISINS — F. e. b. prices. Fresno for 1003
crop (subject to change without notice) are as
follows: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel. 4-crown
4c per lb: 3-crown. 4%c: 2-crown. 4<v Malaga
loose. 3-crown. 4c; 2-crown. 3%c: Thompson"*
seedless. 4c: seedless Sultanas. 3%c- Setdless
Muscatels. 3%c; do floated, 3%c; Seeded Rals
tns. 16-oz cartons, fancy, 5%c; choice. 5%c
12-oz cartons, fancy. 4%c: choice. 4%c; In
bulk, fancy. 5%c; choice. 6c; Imperial clus
ters. $3; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy. $2; London
Layers. 3-crown. $1 35; 2-crown. $1 25
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 1.1U«14c-
No. 2. ll%(S12c; No. 1 hardshell. lawi.Tie-
No. 2. ll@ll%c: Almonds. ll%c for Nonpa
reils, U%e for I X L. lie for N> Plus Ultra
and 9 He for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6<g7c fcr
Eastern: Pecans. lls?13c: Cocoanuts. $4 50"35
HONEY— Ccmb. ll%'812%e for white and
lOflllc for amber; water white extracted. 5f>
f>e: Hsht amber extracted. 4%65c; dark.
8%'&4c.
BEESWAX— 27629c per lb.
FRUITS— Apricots. 8^10c for Royals and
9@12c for Moorparks: Evaporated Apple* 4U»
«c: tun-dried. 3®4Uc: ¦ Peaches. '7SSc-
Pears. 8%©12e: Figs, white. 2U«|3c In boxes 1
black. 4*40: Plums, pitted. ."ift7%c per In.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 252&C for the four
sizes.
Dried Fruits, Nuts .Raisins, Honey
Ontario & Western . 12.500 25 24% 24%
Pennsylvania 1.300 114% 114% 114%
Pitts C C & St L. . 100 60 66 56
Reading 46,400 46% 45% 46
Reading 1st pfd.... 2.400 81% 79% 81%
Reading 2d pfd.... 700 65 63% 64 **
Rock Island Ci> 4,600 20% 20% 20%
Rock Island Co pfd 100 63% 63% 63%
S L & S F 2d pfd. 200 44 44 43
St L 3«nV 200 11% 11 • 11
St L S W pfd 400 2S% 28% • 28%
Southern Pacific... 6,400 46% 45f 4 46%
Southern Railway.. 1,200 20%- 20% 20%
South Ry pfd 900 83% S3 83
Texas & Pacific... OfO 21 20% 20%
Tt>: St L & W 200 23% 23 22%
Tol St L & W pfd. 300 36 35% 30
Union Pacific 12.600 84 *; 83% 84%
T'nion Pacific pfd.. 600 «2 92 91**
Wabash .• 15%
Wabash pfd 1,000 34% 34 34'
Wheel & L E 100 14% 14% 14
Wisconsin Central. C00 16% 16% 1«%
Wlscon Cen pfd 200 37% 37%. 37%
Mex Cent 200 7% 7 6*4
Express Companies — ..
Adams 225
American "180
United States 200 103 103 103
Wells-Fargo .... 203
Miscellaneous —
Amalg Copper 13,000# 60% 49% 49 Vi
Amer Car & F 200 16% 16% 16%
Amer Car & F pfd. 100 70% 70% 70
Amer Cot Oil 26%
Arner Cot Oil pfd 86
Amer Ice 100 7 7 7
Amer Ice pfd 1,000 27% 26 27%
Amer Lin Oil 7%
Amer Lin OH pfd.. .0 23%
Amer Loco 700 19% 18% 19
Amer Loco pfd 80%
Amer S & R 1,100 53 62% 52%
Amer S & R pfd.. 4.200 98 97 97%
Amer Sug Ref 2,500 126 125% 125%
Anacon Min Co.... 100 74 74 74
Brk Rap Tran 6,800 47% 47 47
Col F & 1 3(10 29 29 28%
Consol Gas 2.1H0 190% 189 189
Corn Products 10%
Corn Products pfd 65
Distil Securities.... 1,000 21 20 19%
Gen Electric 200 156% 156% 156
Inter Paper 1000 10% 10% 10%
Inter Paper pfd 700 67% 67 «7
Inter Pump t 30
Inter Pump pfd 70
National Lead 4,800 21% 20% 21%
North American .. 600 83% 82% 83%
Pacific Mail » 25
People's Gas 700 95% 95% 95%
Press Stel Car 100 26 28 26
Press Steel car pfd 68
Pull Pal Car 211
Repub Steel 200 6% 6% 6%
Repub Steel pfd 38%
Rubber Goods 16
Rubber Goods pfd 75%
Ten Coal & Iron... 400 34 34 33%
U. S. Leather 100 6% 6% 6%
V. S. Leather pfd.. 1,500 80% 80% 80S
T. 8. Realty WO 6% 6 6%
V. S. Realty pfd... 800 09% 68% 68%
U. S. Rubber 600 16% 16% 16
IT. S. Rubber pfd 65%
U. S. Steel 4.R0O 9% 9 9
r. S. Steel pfd 22,300 64% 53% 64
West Electric .... 200 154% 154% 154 «
West Union 300 86% 86 66%
Total sales 267.100 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, June 8. — No bond transactions
to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid. $t; asked, $4 12%; preferred,
bid. $37 25; asked. $^S.
NEW YORK BONDS.
V S ref 2s reg..lO4%jL & N unified 4s. 101%
Do coupon 106%! Man con gold 4s. 103%
Do S* irg 103%|Mex Cent 4s 61
Do ccupon 106 Do 1st lnc 12%
Do new .4s reg.132% Minn & St L 4s. 90%
Do coupon 132% M. K & Tex 4s.. 98
Do old 4s reg.lC<l% Do 2ds 71*»
Vo coupon 107 V 4 NR of Mex con 4s 74
Ateh ger. 4s 101% NYC gen 3%s.. 99V4
D o adj 4a »lV«iN J C gen 6s 131
Atlantic C L 4s. 95". '. Nor Pac 4s 1O4»4
Bal fi Ohio 4S...101V,! Do 3s 73
Do 3%s 95% I Nor & W con 4s. »9
•Central of Ga 5s.lO. 1 >%| utiL 4s & partic. 05%
Do 1st lnc 73 | Fa conv 3%s U5i.
Ches & Ohio 4 %s. 101 % 1 Reading gen 4s... 100%
Chi & Alton .J%s. 7*%|s L & I M con 5t>.114%
C. B & Q new 4s. 95><|S L * S F fg 4s. 81%
CM & SP ten 4».lt«%;St Louis SW lsts. 92%
C & NW eon 7«.127%| Seaboard A L 4s. 6f»%
C. R I & Pac 4a. CO H o Pacific 4s 60'.4
Do .col 6s 79 So Railway 5s.. ..lieu
C.C.C & SLgn 4s. M) Tex & Pac lsts..llfi
Chi Term 4« 73 | T. St L & W 4b. 70%
Cons Tobacco 4s. «il%! Union Pacific 4s. .105
Colo & So 4* 82' 4 Do conv 4k 57%
Colo Fuel & I 5s. C9% IT S Steel 2d 5s.. 7j4i
Den St Rio G 4s. 93% \\"aba.«ti lsts 115%
Erie prior lien 4s. 9*% Do deb B 57%
Do gen 4s S5 \V & L Erie 4s.. 90
F W.& D C lsts.iai% Wis Central 4s... 90
Hock Val 4V,s....lO7%|
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS:
A^ms Con ...:. 201 Little Chief ..... 05
Alice 20!onttr!o 3 75
Brecce lOjOjihlr 4 jo
Bruns Con 14|Ph<.ri:ix 10
Com Tunnel .... OfliFotosl 14
Ccn.Cal & Va... 1 ?.T>I Savage '. 22
Horn Silver 1 35; SUrra Nev ' 33
Iton S<lver 175|himal! Hopes ...." 15
Ltadvllle Con ... 02i ttanuard r 00
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— | U S Steel 9
Call loans 2%#3%| Do pfd 54
Time loans ...3%®4%| Westing Common. 77
Bonds— Mining—
Atchlson 4s 10i>%| Adventure 1U
Do adj 4s 90%lAllouez fti-
Mex Ontral 4s... 68 1 Amal Copper .... 4ft%
Railroads — | Amer Zinc ....... 9%
Atehi.-on 70 Atlantic r
Do pfd 03 IBingham 20%
Boston & Albany.23i>% I Calumet & Hecla 446
Boston & Maine.. 163 I Centennial . 19
Boston Elev 143%| Copper Ranee.." 40
Fltehburg pfd 133 | Dciy West 24
Mex Central 6%iDom Coal 5«
N Y. N H & H..1S7%I Franklin 7
Pere Marquette... 74 Grancy 31;
Union Pacific S4 Tile Royale 71!
Miscellaneous— Mas« Mining 3%
Amer Arge Chem. 13% Michigan 3U
Do pfd 73 Mohawk 40
Amer Pneu Tube. 4 Mcnt Coal & Coke 4%
Amer Sugar 125% Old Dominion ... 12U
Do pfd 128 Of.ceola mil
Amer Tel & Tel. 12514 Parrot 23%
Amer Woolen ... 10% Qulncy \\
Do pfd 74U Shannon fti"
Dom Iron & S... S'^lTamarack 85
Ed Elect Ilium.. .234 % | Trinity 334
O>n Electric 155%|tT.R Mining ]ft
Mass Electric 1« I IT 6 Oil 9*4
Mass Gas R»«i Utah 3174
I'nfted Fruit 11CH, Victoria 24
Un Shoe Mach... 4R% Wmona 5
Do pfd 29% I Wolverine 71
London Closing Stocks.
Cons money 90 7-16IN T Central 117*4
Do acct ....90 9-161 Nor tc Western..." 8RT4
Anaconda 3SI Do pfd 8»
Atchlson 71'N>IOnt A: Western... 25%
Do pfd 95% j Pennsylvania '58%
TUI & Ohio 81%! Rand Mines 10%
Can Pacific 121 «i Heading 2.1W
Ches & Ohio fil i, o lst pfd 40 ¦?
Chi Great West.. 14% Do 2d nfd. 32 U
Chi. Mil & St P. 144% So Railway .'.'.'.'. 19s:
De Beers 19% Do pfd 84*i
D*n & Rio G 20^ f»o Pacific 4714
Do pfd 70%| Union Pacific ....'86%
Erie 20%| Do pfd .a!
Do l«t pM 69% U S Steel u%
Do 2.1 pfd 3« Do pfd 65%
111 Central 133 Wabash ie%
Louis & Nanh...llOV; Do pfd 3414
M, K & Texas.. 16% Spanish 4s 85
Bar silver— Dull, 25%d per ounce
'Money — 1%<Q2 per cent. •
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills Is 1%^2 per cent and for three
months' bills 1 15-16 per cent.
. Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. June 8.— To-day's state
ment in the Treasury balance In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold re
serve In the division of redemption, shows:
Available cash balance $164, SUM) 922
Go ' d 67i584io01
Ne:v York' Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. June 8.— COTTON— Spot closed
quiet 20 points lower: middling uplands 11 70c
mlddllng gulf, 11.05c; sales. 513 bales 'Fu
tures closed very titeady. June. 12.25c- July
11.35c; August, 10.78c; September 9 88c- Oc
tober, 9.59c; November, 0.61c; December. 0 63c-
January, 9.55c. '
NEW YORK, June 8.— Cotton futures
opened steady at an advance of 6 pofnts to a
decline of 4 points and closed steady- at a net
decline of 12©19 points. . .
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Jun« 8.— FLOUR— R«celpts.
12,600 barrels: exports. 6200 barrels; barely
steady and dull.
WHEAT— Receipts, 86.000 bushels: epot, easy;
No. 2 red, nominal elevator and $1 14% f. o
b. afloat: No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 07% f
o. b. afloat. Options opened easier and rallied,
but found too much pressure of long stuff to
hold eteady and -In the afternoon, because
of favorable orop news, a decline In corn
and light , outside support, acted weak, closing
%<glc lower: July, 92 2-lB®93%c, closed at
92%c; September, 84 ll-lC®85Hc. closing at
84*ic: December. 84@84%c, closed at 84c.
HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady. ' "
PETROLEUM— Easy.
BUTTER— Steady; creamery, common to ex-
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July, old S9H 80« RS 8SVi
July, new 87% 88V6 86*i «7
September, old. R3l« R3Vi 82>4 82*;
September, new. 81%' 81*5 81 . 81 V4
Corn, No. 2 —
June 4R% 4*% 47% 47%
July 40% 4!)% 4S»4 4RTi
September 48% 4S*» 47H 47%
OaW>. No. 2 —
June 4Hi 42 4l*i 41«;
July 39% 40 39% 39H
September ..... 31 U 31 % 31% 31%
Mess pork, per bbl —
July 12 12% 12 22% 11 97% 12 00
September 12 32% 12 45 12 17% 12 20
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July K U5 6 70 6 57% 6 57%
September 6 R2% 0 85 6 75 6 77%
Short ribs, tier 100 lbs —
July 6 07% 7 00 6 S7% 0 S7%
September 7 15 7 22% 7 07% 7 07%
Time loans eaey and dull; sixty and ninety
j days, J«»2Vi per cent; six month, 3^3 \± per
Prime mercantile paper 3»i«!4i« per cent
bterliog exchange easier, .with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills at $4.87t></®4.h7C5 for de
mand, and at $4.SJ7rr54.W75 for sixty day biH«.
Posted rates, $4 *C<?4 M5U and $1 f>^4 KS'A
Commercial hills, $4 M>4.
Bar silver. 55 'ic
Mexican dollars. 44%c
Government bonds, irregular; railroad bonds.
A T ctc» York Money Market.
NEW YORK. June 8.— Close. Money on call
easy; highest 11, per cent; lowest 1 per cent;
ruling rate li 4 per cent; last loan Hi per
cent; closing bid, 1 per cent: offered 1U per
cent.
WHEAT— The foreign markets continued
quiet at about previous prices. A Calcutta
cable said that the Government's final esti
mate gave the Indian crop at 9,388,000 tons,
against 7,775,000 tons last year.
Wires from Chicago to Mitchell, Mulcahy & j
Co. reported fine weather throughout the West
and the cash situation slow. Snow, the statis
tician, estimates the condition of winter Wheat
June 1 at 76.3. against 74.5 May 1 and 82.2
as "given by the Government a year ago. The
condition of spring Wheat Is placed at 90.9.
against 93.7 last year, this lower condition
being mainly due to cold weather. The acreage
Is about the same as last year, or 20,11)0,000
acres. The tone of the market Is heavy, with
a dragging tendency.
The local market is firm as to cash grain,
but futures are lower again.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 27tf@l 35: California
'White Australian, $1 fi2V«i 57^; Northern
Club, $1 30Q1 40; Northern Bluestem. $1 60
61 65 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High.. Low. Close.
December ...$1 32% $1 32% $1 ai'i $1 ai",
2 p. m. Session.
December— $1 31%.
BARLEY — Futures were lower, partly in
sympathy with the decline In Wheat futures,
but mainly due to the discovery that the recent
drying winds have changed the character of
the grain this year. According to H. A.
Wright of the firm of Yates & Wright a good
deal of grain which would have been Brewing
was caught in the milk by the winds and
turned into Feed. This change will Increase
the quantity of Feed to about 65 or 70 per
cent of the crop and cut down the proportion [
of Brewing to correspond. This makes Feed
weak and would make Brewing strong if there
were any demand for It.
The cash market was fairly active at pre
vious prices.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 02H@l U3; Brewing, $1 07>431 10:
Chevalier. $1 10©l 15 for fair to choice.
FUTURES.
- Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ... 974 i>~¥j 9tJ*4 9ti?i
2 p. m. Session.
December— 96^c bid. 9CT»c asked.
OATS — Quiet and unchanged, with fair of
ferings.
White. $1 42V,m 47*i: Black.. $1 22%@
1 27>^: Red. $1 27fe@l 35; Gray, nominal.
CORN — With the exception of the liberal
stream now flowing in from the West, tha
market ¦ shows no features worthy of note.
Holders are firm and are working oft their re
ceipts without difficulty.
Western sacked, $1 5001 55 for Yellow,
$1 47'4@1 C2Vi for White and $1 4301 50 for
Mixed: California large Yellow, $155; small
round do. $1 oSfel 30; White, $1 55 per ctl;'
Egyptian, $1 32fc®l 42% for White and $1 25<&
1 30 for Brown.
RYE— SI 3Ogl 32J.i per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75@2 per ctl.
Flour and Millstufts.
FLOUR— California Family Extra?. $4 60<f>
4 W. usual terme; Bakers' Extras. $4 50@l 80:
Oregon and- Washington, Jobbing at $3 b6@4 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 50 per 100 lbs:
Rye Flour. $3 50; Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal. $3 50; extra cream do. $i 25;
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $131 25; Buck
wheat Flour. $4 flOIH 75: Cracked Wheat, $4;
Farina. $4 60: Whole Wheat Flour. $3 75;
Rolled Oats, bbls. $7 25@S 00; in sacks. $t> 15Q
8 10; Pearl Barley. $G; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Ure?n»Peas. $5 50 perlOO lbs. •
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The millers continue to quote a firm tor\p to
Feedstuffs, with more call tor Bran, as the
dairymen are now beginning to feed It. Prices
Ctand the same.
Somers & Co. quote the Hay market as fol
lows In their circular:
"Total receipts of Hay for the week just
ended amount to 2100 tons, or 300 tons less than
for the week preceding. Although we are well
past the 1st of June, yet very little of the ar
rivals Is new crop Hay. Two or three cars
of new wheat have arrived, but as yet none of
them have been offered on the- market. Two
or three cars daily of new Volunteer have been
offered for sale, and. although an occasional
car shows up straight and clean, yet most
everything is mixed more or less with clover
and grass. The range at present Is from $7 to
$S per ton here.
"The old crop seems to hold out well, and
from all reports it would seem that there Is
enough to carry us well past the 1st of July.
The local demand I. very quiet, for most cus
tomers believe that by waiting they will be
able to stock up at considerably lower prires.
A careful Investigation shows that the Hay
crop is somewhat heavier than last year, and,
as we still have quite a supply of old Hay, it
Is very reasonable to believe that prices will
rule at considerably below last summer's range.
We do not expect extremely low prices, but
no one seems to be prepared to go out and pay
what they dM last season.
"It Is somewhat of a disappointment to
have to report that the Government order for
about 4000 tons, bids for which were received
on the 4th inst.. may not be left In San
Francisco. We have no assurance as to this,
but it Is unofficially stated that the north
will be favored with this order in spite of the
fact thaf' their prices were above ours.
"As to our local market we have to report
that the principal trade Js with the retailers,
and wn therefore find that the strictly gllt
edgc grades of Hay are selling fairly well."
A cargo of new Barley, Oat and Alfalfa Hay
came In and received a bid of $5 75 per ton,
but was not sold. . ¦
BRAN— $22«i23 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24^29 per ton.
SHORTS — *22«z23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $22 5O<5?23
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2» r.C'i'.U:
iobblog. $32:' Cocoanut Cake, $22«23; Corn
Meal. $S2@33: Cracked Corn, $32 50S*3 50;
Mixed Feed, $22@23; Horse Beans. $30Q40 per
ton: Broom Corn Feed. O0c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $10® 14 50; Wheat and Oat.
$11«13: Oat, $9©12; Wild Oat. $7©10: Bar
ley and Oat. $7@11; Stock, $7®8; Alfalfa, $7@
10 per ton.
STRAW— 60®80c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Lima Beans rule firm In sympathy with the
better feeling at producing points. Blackeyes
are also firm, as they are cleaning up under
an improving demand. The other descriptions
are unchanged. _^ „. '2
¦ BEANS— Bayos, $2 25^2 M>; Pea, $2 90<ffi3;
Butters. $3: email White, $2 85ff.1 10; large
White. $2 25§2 65: »Pink. $3 45©3 60: Red.
$4 25*4 60: Lima. $3 25(93 35: Red Kidneys,
$4 75^5: Blackeye, $2©2 10 per ctl; Horse
Beand $2@2 50.'
' SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $4 25<ffl 50; Yellow
Mustard, *2 50©3; Flax. *1 S&91 90; Canary,
5U,i8Z%c for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14V&ei8c; Rape
!%©2c: Timothy. 6«r«Hc: Hemp. 3H@4c per
lb: Millet. ,303%c: Broom Corn Seed, $20@21
per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. J3 per ctl; Nlles,
$3 25: Green Peas, $3@3 25.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The Potato market was reported firm, with
both old and new crop offerings In good request
for local use and a steady demand for choice
new for shipment to Puget Sound ports. Re
ceipts ¦ of new from the river were heavier
than usual, but the market cleaned up well
and prices had a slight advance. The best lots
of old Burbanks were readily marketed at Im
proved prices, while poor offerings continued to
drag, i A steamer arrived from Portland with
1456 sacks. Onions were steady, with new
Sllvrrvklns being offered freely.
¦ Nearly all kinds of vegetables were offering
• freely and prices had but slight quotable vari
ance. Green Peas were In. limited supply and
flrniand receipts are expected to be light for
some little time, aa the first crop In : Alameda
County Is about exhausted. String Beans were
plentiful and slightly lower, and Cucumbers
were Inclined to easiness. ¦
POTATOES — New White, $1 25#1 85 per
ctl for river and $1@1 75 for bay; Early Rose.
$1 40@l 65 per /ctl; old Oregon Burbanks
$iei 40 per ctl; old river Burbanks, $1 per ctl.
• ONIONS— Australian Yellow. $4 50®5 per
ctl- new Red, »0c©$l per sack; new Sllver
sklns, $1 50«t 75 per ctl. *
; VEGETABLES — Green Corn. 25©33c per doz. ;
Asparagus. 4@6c p«r lb: Rhubarb. 75@85c per
box; Green Peas. $1 50®l 70 per sack; Garden
Peat. 3©3VSc per lb; String and Wax Beans,
B@7c per . lb; Tomatoes, $1 5091 75 per
box or crate for Los Angeles and $1 50®2 for
Mexican (repacked) ; Summer Squash, C5flS5c
per box; Cabbage, $1 per ctl: Carrots.
$125 per sack; Cucumbers, $1 75 per box;
Garlic, 5©6e per lb; Egg Plant. lOo per lb:
Dried Peppers, 8@10c- for sun-dried and 12^®
133 per lb for evaporated: Dried Okra, 12%©
15c per lb; Green Peppers, 6®10c per lb for
Xkm Angeles and 12Vi?Tl">e' for Mexican: Mar
rowfat Squash, Jobbing, at l%@2c per lb.
I EASTERN MARKETS. !
Fluctuations.
Another Inactive Day, With Few
Early In the day sentiment In corn was
firm. Weakness of wheat. . however, soon
brought out a number t>r sales.' '• TTie*clOse was
at the low point. July opened at -OV-jc to
i'.iKc and closed at 48%@iS%c. . .,
Oats were the strongest of the grains and
showed enly a slight loss. July ranged be
tween 31 %c and 4te and closed at 39%c.
An advance of 10Q15c tn the price of hogs
caused a strong tone in provisions early, but
during the latter part of the session the gain
was lost on profit taking. At the close Sep
tember pork was down 12^c, lard wan off
2 '/4c and ribs were 5®7%c lower.
CHICAGO, June S. — Under the influence of
weather conditions and indifferent cables the
wheat market opened weak, the July delivery
being off {i@%c at S7?ic to 8734c. Sentiment
was quite bearish, in spite of a considerable
decrease of receipts In the Northwest. Private
cablegrams from India confirmed previous an
nouncements of a record breaking crop. Ad
vices from the Southwest stated that favorable
progress was being made In harvesting. News
from the Northwest regarding spring wheat
showed that the crop was In excellent condi
tion. A report of a local statistician claimed
that within the past month the condition of
wheat had Improved nbout 2 per cent. Lack of
business, coupled with the large number of
bear rises, seemingly disheartened small trad
ers. . The result was liberal. The - market
closed weak. After selling at 66%c July closed
at 86V,©t<7c.
Future Grain and Provisions.
lirht north winds, changing to brisk westerly.
A. G. McADlE, District Forecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
BAN FRANCISCO, June 7. —
=s |3 § ° |:
STATIONS. |=3= o 3 £ 3
: ' : ' 4 £ . S3
: : s 5 .-s
'. °" - ;
Cloverdale 94 53 Clear loo
Colusa 01 65 Clear .00
Eureka 56 B0 NW Clear .00
Fresno M 5« NW Clear .00
Hanford 05 «5 Clear .00
Hoillster f>S 44 W Clear .00
Independence fc4 54 N Clear .00
King City 91 40 N Clear .00
Llvermore f»2 47 .... Clear .00
Los Angeles 7R 54 W Clear .00
Merced 97 47 .... Clear .00
] Napa 80.40 S Clear .00
j Newman 35 55 .... Clear .00
I Paltrim »6 5<> Clear .00
PortervilU »4 55 NW Clear .00
Rej Bluff 94 52 N Clear .00
Riverside 87 49 Clear .00
Sacramento SO 58 SW Clear .00
Sail 'Diego 68 58 SW Clear tOO
San Francisco 68 BO W Cl<er .00
San Jose 87 47 Clear .00
San Luis Oblspo 74 44 NW Clear .00
Santa Rosa S5 47 S Clear .00
iStockton 87 65 .... Clear .00
Willcws 93 62 Clear .00
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
HollUter— Bartlett pears doing well; medi
um enn; *rood quality.
Hanford — Fruit ripening fast; good prospects
for grain. •
Riverside— Drying winds ripening grain fast.
Stockton— Berry crop good; ripening fast;
good quality.
San Joee — New potatoes coming In fast;
crop very good. •
Napa — Prunes doing well; medium crop.
Livermore — Unusually large acreage of red
oats this year; fiae quality.
Palermo — Hay about secured; crop Is lighter
than first expected.
Willows — Weather continues unfavorable for
all crci'S. .
Colusa — Warm weather causing grain rlpen
! ing rapidly; prunes in good condition.
! Santa Rosa — Weather warm; crop conditions
I favorable.
Newman — Barley yielding up to expectations.
.King City — Hayir.t progressing rapidly.
Clov-rdal? — Hay baling begun; good crop.
A. G. McADIE, Section Director.
STOCK MARKET.
APRICOTS— Small boxes and crates. 60c<g$l;
lars* open boxes. $1@1 50; baskets. 50@75c.
APPLES— *1 50<82 25 per box for old crop
and 2."«50c per box or basket for new green
CANTALOrPES— $1 for small and $3 50@
4 50 for large crates.
CITRfS FRIITS— Navel Oranges. $2 50-83 50
for fancy. $1 5OiS2 50 for choice and $101 50
for standard: Seedlings. $1 25-81 50: Valenclas
$1 5©if?2 B0: Mediterranean Sweets. $1 75- Tan
eerines. $1 25; Lemons. $2 50<32 75 for fancy
$1 60«l 75 for choice and $1©1 25 for stand
ard: Grape Fruit. $1 50-52 for seedless and $1Q
1 50 for ordinary: Mexican Lime*. $5ft5 50 per
case: Bananas. $2@3 per bunch for Central
American and $1®2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples
$2©3 per dozen. *
CI:rRANTS— $2 50©4 per chest.
CHERHlfS-In drawers. flO«J65c: in bulk
3<S.V per lb for Black. 2@3%c for common
White and 4*i»fic for Royal Anne.
With the exception of Longworth Straw
berries and small sizes of Navel Oranges, nearly
all descriptions were In free supply, and al
though trading was quite active, the market
generally had an v easy tone. Black Cherries
were still the most plentiful description, and
large lines were unsold at the close, but the
market was held steady by the canners. who
were effering 3c per pound for the surplus.
Ottering* In small boxes were wanted for ship
ping and cleaned up well, and Royal Annes
similarly packed Bold readily for the same pur
pose. Apricots and Melons arrived too freely
and prices continued to decline. Madeline
Pears from the river sold at 5uc per box. Green
Cherry Plums from, Vacaville were offering at
51 and Karly Alexander Peaches from the
same section brought ?1 50 per box. Clyman
Plums appeared from the river and sold at 75c
per. crate. Seedless Grapes were offering from
Coachella and Yuma, Ariz., but were not sold
having arrived too late for the regular trade.
Citrus, and Tropical fruits were in good re
quest and sound Oranges were firm. Eight cars
of assorted Orances were offered at the auction
sal-i and sold at a wide range as to quality
as follows: Fancy Navels. $2 8093 05: choto*
do, $1 4Cff2 10: standard do, C0cS$l 40- Seed
lings. $1 C5@l 25: Mediterranean Sweets $1 23
®1 70; St. Michael's, $1@1 25; standard Va
lenclas. 75c.
STRAWBERRIES— $5^12 per chest for Long
wortM and $21*4 SO for the larger varieties.
LOGANBERRIES— $.;«4 per chest.
BLACKBEP.RIES— $4g8 per chest and 75c8>
$J per crate.
RASPBERRIES— X5c per drawer: eratss from
.Newcastle, $1 25: from Fresno. $2
GOOSEBERRIES- 2®4c per lb for small and
6#.c for English.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
OREGON.
Flour, qr «ks .. 9.0.H0* Potatoes, sks .. 1.45«
Wheat, ctls 15,473|
Flour qr sks .. 8.S.W Hides. No 171
Wheat, ctls .... 14.20O! Quicksilver, fiks. S3
Barley ctls 1551 Leather. roIU .. 104
Corn. West, ctls 1.2O0i Tallow, ctls 10
Beans, sks 471' Wine, gals ..... 22.5CO
Potatoes, sks .. 1.S22! Lima, bbl 652
Onions, sks ... 2Sli Paper, reams ... 1.27.»
Bran sks 6501 Hay. tons S6S
Middlings, aks.. 222' Mustard sks ... f<Y>
Wool, bales ... 152! Feed, sks 37
Pelts No 23*1
FOR WEENESDAT. JT7JTE *.
Receipts of Produce.
I Chicago Board of Trade.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, June 8.— Tin showed a
slight Improvement In both foreign and do
mestic markets to-day. In London it ad
vanced 5s Cd on spot and 7s 6d on futures,
closing at £121 17s 6d and £121 7s 6d. re
spectively. Locally It showed light Improve
ment, but the market was steady at $27.
Copper was 2s 6d higher at £5« 10s for
spot and futures In the London market. Here
it was quiet and unchanged, but steady, with*
lake quoted at $12 87%. electrolytic $12 62%@
12 87% and casting at $12 37%@12 60.
Lead was steady and unchanged In the New
York market at $4 25<@4 35. but Tendon cabled
at a decline of Is 3d to £11 13s Od.
Spelter was unchanged at $4 75©4 87% In
New York. In London it was lower by 2s 6d
to £21 15s.
Iran closed at 51s 7d in Glasgow and at 42s
lOHd in Mtddlesboro. Locally Iron Is quiet;
No. 1 foundry Northern Is quoted at $14 50®
15; No. 2 foundry Northern, $14 eO'g'lS; No. 1
foundry Southern and No. 1 foundry Southern
soft. $13 25#13 75.
Pig Iron warrants are quoted at $3 12%.
EGGS— Ranch. 21@23c for fair to choice:
store. lesiSc; Eastern. 20@21c for firsts and
16%@lSc for seconds.
CHEESE— S@8%c for good to choice new
and «#7c for lower grades: Toung Americas.
»tf!Hjc; Eastern. 12Vj«l-»c; Western. llQ12c
per lb.
There was very little variation in any de
scription yesterday. Butter remained as be
fore quoted, with tfce market well supplied,
though some dealers were reported as returning
over the quotations for Marin creameries.
Cheese was still depressed under large sup
plies. Eggs ruled firm at the recent advance,
but the market showed signs of becoming un
settled, as some dealers quoted a further Im
provement of a cent, while others found the
market h?sltating and wavering at the ad
vance. The quotations below are conservative.
Thfc same uncertainty is visible In store Eggs,
which are being quoted at widely different
prices.
Receipts were 8.1,300 lbs Butter, 1511 cases
Eggs and 16.700 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 18«©19c
for extras and 17«j01'*c for firsts; dairy, 16®
l'^bc; store Butter. 13&15c; cold storage, nom
inal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
J M0XEY 'AND CROPS.
The Latter Will Govern Business
This Year.
Henrv Oent« says In his New York circular:
"Gold export* have been renewed upon a mod
erate scale, the ec&rclty of commercial bi'.ls
rauflr.g a frrsh advance in sterling. Had bars
been available more gold would have gone;
but coin Is the only form in which gold can
now be exported, and this Is Us* profitable.
Additional arrival* from Japan facilitated the
outward movement, and the probability | s that
further shipments will be made during the
next few w<.*ks. At present, howevtr. there
is no occation for anxiety regarding the for
eign demand* upon our P>"«ld «apply. which is
ample and v/ill soon be replenished by arrivals
from the Klondike to say nothing of our own
production and further imrorts from Japan.
For>-ipn requirements, moreover, will eoon be
»atis!xd. M that the prospect of any further
l«i»;e s+.iprnenis are somewhat remote, espe
cially as future cotu-n and grain bills will
eooa be available. The nioM unsatisfactory
featutt in the money market as affecting the
pnld movement is the redundancy of our bank
note currency, which it a very potent Influence
In sitmulatin? pold shipments. Our bank-note
i . jrrerwy ba* already b«en expanded about
% y3Ht.oro.ooo during the last seven years, and in
tbf last twelve months the new circulation
taken out was nearly $4rt,0f*M«<>0 — at a time
•when money was already abundant. This is
by the present price of Government
bond*, admitting of circulation being put out
at « profit. Had we a really sound, or in
other words an elastic <uirrenc-y system, the
fui ;>ly would contract when redundant and
exjand when scarce. As it is. we are obliged
to wrijrple along under a system which con
nantly threatens embarrassment and work*
In defiance of all sound and natural influences.
In I his connection it is worthy of note that
Government receipts are decreasing and ex
penses tncreaeirut ; so that this year we are
facing a Treasury deficit. Naval expenditures
and pensions are chiefly responsible for In
creased expenses, the Panama payment being
e special ilem, while receipts have been di
minished by a falling off in customs. Were
It not that we now possess a handsome sur
plus we niiptit be threat* ned wiih a repetition
Cf the experience* °f 1WJ3-
INFLl'KNCE OF THE CROPP.
-One favorable feature Is the increase in
exports of manufactures from the 1'nlted
Ftates. <iur manufactured iron exports during
the last ten months amounting to $$3,000,000.
or nearly $l«.t«X«.000 more than during the
>¦ ¦- ¦ time last year. This demonstrates that
reour*rative influ»»nees are at work which will
in due season j»r»pare the war for a fresh re
covery. The decline of cottcn to more normal
level is also a reassuring feature. Crop jfl-os
j-f^ets thus far have tv*>n fax-orable as a whole.
Wheat condition is improving; ccrn planting is
makir.g favorable r r °Eress. and cotton, which
shows a record-breaking acreage, has made a
better ttart than iast year. This year unusual
reliant will b« placed upon the crops; for
t ¦ • y more than any other factor will govern
Jkide industry and finance of the country for
,w balance of this year. The elections are
naturally an influence of some uncertainty:
but less *"> than is usually the <-ase during
J'retideni.ial years. The tariff appears to be
the only disturbing l*sue, and indirations are
that talk on that subject will b* vastly more
threatening than action. All probabilities point
to a quiet campaiirn. In financial circles there
It & confident undertone owing to belief that
liquidation has run its course e^id that price*
of erxvi securities are ready to respond to good
Influence* as soon as these appear with any
real force; but the bis leaders wera dlspos«*d
to wait until it is seen what the next two
cr three months will bring forth."
Wheat Exports in May.
T*»e exports of Wh*»t from Fan Francisco by
»K-a in May were «c fellows:
To— Centals. Values.
TlretH Britain tt7.1.'.4 112033
Hawaiian Islands LM2 2,0.'S2
Tahiti «3 W
Totals 9S.599 *12S.3fi<)
In May. 1003. th* exports were 1 42. TOO rent
sil*. valued £t $1KTi,337. L«st month one whole
end two part < argoes were cleared for Great
Brit iln. against 2 whole cargoes for the name
tr 5! ay.. l'J03.
Exports of Barley.
In May *he exports of Barley from San
VrsnciMTO by siea were as follows:
Tn Centals. Values.
Great Britain !H.:v* $M2.fCS
ffcBsllaa Islands 3»i,:;.l 40.R14
IbfeW 2M 883
Mexico w
J*;u.n •*» ¦"•*
TrtaU 131. «» $154.21*
TTie only shirnwit* hy w» in Mar. 1SKK.
v •* UJS60 rentals, to th* Hawaiian Islands,
valued at $47, M3.
H r cat her Report.
M2*th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN PnAN<ns*~O, June %— 5 p. m.
The f»>llom)nc maximum and minimum tem-
Tratures are reported for the preceding day
ti' m Kxr\rm c\\Ae*:
Hr*ton W-r>fi! Philadelphia M-B2
'"mcinniitl W»-.W Washington S4-C4
Jackfcnvllle M-72.New York K2-«»
Kansa« CiJ> M-<;4!St. Louis 06-54
New Orleans <S6-€8'
THE COAST RECORD.
I |IgS -! <~ !
5 £ 5 2. \ i?i ¦ o *
STATIONS. ? 'jij 53 v- f
-. t - - c 4 =
: % i= : : =
Paker 30 . 04 fiS 3« NK Cle«r !7>0
farson »».i»<i 7« 36 PK Olear .00]
Kureka 3n.l>> '.M DO NW near .<« I
2«.M 5»4 fW NW Clear .00 1
W: K. Farallon.S9.t»s 63 50 NW Clear .00 ]
23.7*. «s :;2 nw rt.cidy.oo'
1'o.atello 'JS.Vt 72 44 W Clear ,O0 !
Indepi-ndence .2».K4 M 54 N Clear .00
Lo< Ar.sele«. ..29.:k» 7N 54 W Clear .00 i
Mt Tama!xiais.2:i.!* 77 f>9 AV Clear .00 i
North Head... W.I* 54 48 S Cloudy Tr.
Phoenix 29.70 1« 04 W near .00
I't Rfy«* U..».9S a 47 NW Clear .00
Portland :^>.W 74 43 W Cloudy .CO
Hf-d Bluff 2a.S<5 94 52 N <"lear .00
Ros*burg Sft.OS 7S 42 N Clear .00
Sacramento ..3».wi 90 M SW Clear .00
Kalt Lake 2».»0 W* £2 E Pt.Cldy .«»
tan Francli<co.2».96 «;« W» W Clear .00
Fan L. Obl«po.29.J>2 74 44 NW Clear .00
P .i Diego 2S.R6 <SS 58 FW Clear ' ,tX)
Seattle :«}.<& i« 42 PW Cloudy .WO
FiKkane ...... 30. fi* 70 42 KW Cloudy .00
Tatoosh ...... 30<t«i 50 48 B Rain .20
Walla Walla.. :J0.C2 7« 4C KW Pt.Cldy .00
Vlniwmucra .!».»«. "4 42 KW r-lear .00
Yurna ....... .29.72 9* 6ti SW Clear .00
Leather conijittons and general
FORECAST.
The prepare ha« remained nearly sutionary
over the Pacific <"oa«t *xcept In Waehlngton,
where there has been a marked fall.
Waraier weather prevails In the Interior of
Ca'iforri* aad in Nevada. I
Ujrht rain ha* fallen from the mouth of I
th- Columbia River northward." .
The following hlrh winds are reported: Eu
reka. "6 mtles. frtm the northweist: Houtheact
F^rallon. S3. northwest: El Paso, 2S. west.
forecast trade at San Francisco for thirty
fcours ending midnirht. June 9:
. N'orthera California— Fair Thursday: contln-
KLi warm weather in tfce Interior: light north ;
¦*..-'1g inland; fre«h westerly , winds on the]
CC'Stt.
Southern California — Fair Thursday; light
north wlnde.
Nevada— Fajr Thursday. .. . .
£ts Francisco aal ridclly— Fair Thursday;
A car of Western Poultry, making the fifth
for the week was received and was turned
over to a leading retailer by the Importers.
Another car arrived late In the day, but was
not marketed. Domestic stock was in ample
supply ani the market was weak for every
thing except large young Roosters and Fryers.
Hens were very dull, as retailers were liberally
supplied with Western.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 15@16c per lb:
Geese, per pair. $1 25@1 50: Goslings. $1 50«
1 <6; Ducks. $4g5 per dozen for old and
$4 5085 60 for young; Hens, > 5 SOy ti 50 for
ii 1 "?* and ** 5035 tor small: young Rooster*.
*• oO®9; old Roosters, $1 C0@5; Fryers. $3 50®
« 50; Broilers. $3®4 for large and $2 25'32 30
for small; Pigeons. $1 50 per dozen for old and
$1 thfa'l for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $1 60 per doien; Rabbits. $1 73
@- for Cottontails and $1 per dozen for brush.
Poultry and Game.
Wheat and Other Grains.
tra. isais«4c; State dairy, common to extra,
13017 %c.
CHEESE— Easy; State, full cream, small
colored. 7%<87%c; small white. 6%®7! 8 c;
large colored. 7U@Sc; large white, 7@7%c.
EGGS— Steady, firsts, 17%@18c.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, dull; No. 7 Rio, 6%c:
mild, quiet; Cordova, 9%@13c. Futures closed
steady, with August net unchanged and other
positions 5613 points net higher; total sales,
65,250 bags, including June 5.70@6.75c; July,
5.C1<g5.75c; September, 5.90®ec: December.
6.15@6.30c- January. 8. 25c; March, 6.50@
0.55c.
SUGAR— Raw. quiet; fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal. 96 test, 3%c; molasses 8 ugar. 3%c.
Refined, firm; crushed, 5.60c; powdered; 6c;
granulated, 4.60c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market con
tinues quiet and the tone Is In favor of buyers.
Common at 4%<g-5c; prime, 6Vi@5%c; choice..
6<S6%e: fancy, 7c.
PRUNES — Show no change either in prices
or general condition. Quotations range from
2%c to 5%c.
APRICOTS— Are In light supply so far as
old crop fruit Is concerned and rule firm.
Choice are quoted at 9%01Oc; extra choice.
llMiS10%c; fancy. ll@13c.
PEACHES — Are reported to be in good de
mand on the coast, but locally sales are small
and prices are good. Choice are quoted at
"©"He; extra choice, 7%@Sc; fancy, 9%@10c.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, 7%*#
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7%07%c. according
to quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes &s follows, per lb. In 100- lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed 5.9V:
Powdered. 5.«0c; Candy Granulated. 3-SOc; Dry
Granulated, fine. 6.70c; Dry Granulated, coarse
5.70c; Fruit Granulated. 3.70c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). 5.60c: Confectioners'
A. 5.70c: Magnolia A 5.30c; Extra C. 5.20c:
Golden C. 5.10c; "D, 5c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels. 23c more: boxes. 50c more; 30-lh
bags 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels 6.20c: boxes. 6.43c; I! * E. Crystal
Domino*. 8.70 per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil. in cases, 20%c; Astral. 20%c;
Star. 20%e: Extra Star. 24%c; Elaine. 2«%c;
Eocene. 234c: Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In
bulk 16c; in cases. 22 He: Benzine tn balk.
13c; In cases. 19 %c: 86- degree Gasoline. In
bulk 25c: in cases. 31c. ..
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon In cases and
73e In drums and iron barrels.
BAGS— Grain Bags. 5%c spot and 5%c Jun»-
July; San Quentln. $3 40; Wool Bags. 32335c :
Fleece Twine. 7®8c.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Welling
ton. IS: Seattle. $4 60; Bryant. $« 60: Beaver
Hill. $5 50; Stanford, $7: Roslyn $7: Coc«
Bay. $5 60: Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7; Richmond.
$7 60; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and $14 23 la
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
¦Relsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 60; Cannel. $8 50 per ton: Coke. $11 5O©13
per ton in bulk and $13 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $11 43 per 2000 lba and $12 SO
per long ton according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels: for cases
add 6c; Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA. $1 10«£?l 12; Lueol. 43c for boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut. «08"0c per gallon/
Cocoanut Oil In barrels. 5Sc for Ceylon and 554
'for Australian: extra bleached winter Spenti
Oil. C8c; natural winter Sperm Oil 63c; extra
bleached winter Whale OH. 37c: natural Whale
Oil. 62c; extra winter strained Lard Oil, 73c;
No. 1 Lard Oil. 63c; pure Neatsfoot Oil 73c-
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 63c; light Herring Oil.
42c: dark Herring Oil. 40c; Salmon Oil. 34c:
boiled Fish Oil. 37c; raw Fish Oil. 33c: belled
Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint Oil. 31c.
General Merchandise.
Wall street stocks firm on the day. Cotton lower.
Local securities quiet and unchanged.
Silver declines Y&c. Exchange as before.
Wheat and' Barley futures lower. Cash Grain unchanged.
No fluctuation in Oats, Corn or Rye.
Hay quotations weak. Bran and Middlings firm.
Beans and Seeds about as before.
Potatoes firm, with a good local and shipping demand.
Onions and Vegetables offering freely. / .
Poultry in large supply and weak.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits moving oft well.
Provisions heavy and dragging everywhere.
Butter and Cheese in ample supply. Eggs getting unsettled.
Wool market still in fine condition for sellers.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
The following quotation* are for good, souad
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco less SO
Per cent for shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7%©3%e: Cows and Heif
ers. «%#*7c; thin Cows. 4©5c per lb.
CALVES — l»4%c p«r lb (gross weight).
SUEEP— Wethers. »%«3%c; Ewes. 2%»3o
per lb (gross weight). - i
LAMBS— 12 25@2 50 per bead.
1HOGS— Live Hogs. HO to 200 lbs. 5o:
200 to 250 lbs. 4 He; over 250 lbs. 4 He: aatt
Hogs, nominal; Sown. 20 per cent oft; Boars.
50 per cent oft. and Stags. 40 per cent oft from
above quotations.
BEEF— €©7e for Steers and 63«o per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 6®7c; small. 7%©9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. t»%"uic; Ewes. &%i»«%0
per lb.
LAMB — 7g8c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 6%«?8%e P** 1*-
LrVESTOCK MARKET.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 9, 1904.
STOCK OF GRAIN.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
Exchange and Bullion.
1 Silver declined %c.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 8H
Sterling Exchange, sight — , 4 88
Sterling Exchange, cables ........ — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight ..... •— 02%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 05
fillver, per ounce . — 65%
Mexican Dollars .i 45 ® —
The Merchants Exchange has Issued the following report of Flour and Grain remain ins In the State of California on June 1, 1904:
!erc!
o:
Flour. Wheat. -( Barley. Oats. I Beans. Corn. I Rye.
LOCATION. Bbls. Ctls. Ct!s. Ctls. >\ Sacks. Ctls. ] Ctls.
San Francisco warehouses and mills, Including: grain and flour : .
afloat in harbor and in transit 32.177 61.CS0 85.9S0 36.400 82,031 4,000 1.260
Sonoma, Solano. Yolo Colusa and Glenn counties .' 26,050 408.680 184.800 1,200 16,000 1,500 40
Sacramento Tuba. Sutter, Butte, Placer and Tehama counties " 21,537 451,620 83, "20 2,060 133 240 2,400
Contra Costa and Alameda counties 1,300 212.910 129.300 1,860 340
San Joaquln, Stanislaus. Merced, Fresno, Madera, Tulare, Kings and
Kern counties B2.790 738,820 228,320 4,440 17,332 6,600 9.320
San Mateo Santa Clara, San Benlto. Santa Cruz, Monterey and San
Luis Obiepo counties ..; 10,913 110,480 174,060 8.320 18,933 80
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Loa Angeles, Orange. San Bernardino, -tlv-
erslde and San Diego counties 20,228 177,300 305,120 3,280 190,964 6,860 1,100
location;
If I 1 I 1 1 ______
165.004 I 2,190,920 | 1.101.200 | 57.560 | 326.313 | 19.620 | 14,120
COMPARATIVE STATEMENT.
I Flour. I Wheat. | Barley. I Oats. | Beans. I Corn. | Rye.
I Bbls. Ctls. I Ctls. ) Ct!s. I Sacks. I Ctls. | Ctls.
1903— December 1 . • ." 147.718 5,436,020 4,471.300 327,800 659,908 39.880
June 1 1 .. 145,004 1.010,400 601.820 100,200 333,073 23,600 : 17.960
1002— December 1 . - 16S.413 6.154,060 2,947,040 343.400 752,874 83.74O
June 1 177,173 2,505.780 667.080 112,320 312.744 48.980 53,800
The Merchants Exchange has Issued the following report of Flour and Grain remain ins In the State of California on June 1, 1904:
!erc!
o:
Flour. Wheat. -( Barley. Oats. I Beans. Corn. I Rye.
LOCATION. Bbls. Ctls. Ct!s. Ctls. >\ Sacks. Ctls. ] Ctls.
San Francisco warehouses and mills, Including: grain and flour : .
afloat in harbor and in transit 32.177 61.CS0 85.9S0 36.400 82,031 4,000 1.260
Sonoma, Solano. Yolo Colusa and Glenn counties .' 26,050 408.680 184.800 1,200 16,000 1,500 40
Sacramento Tuba. Sutter, Butte, Placer and Tehama counties " 21,537 451,620 83, "20 2,060 133 240 2,400
Contra Costa and Alameda counties 1,300 212.910 129.300 1,860 340
San Joaquln, Stanislaus. Merced, Fresno, Madera, Tulare, Kings and
Kern counties B2.790 738,820 228,320 4,440 17,332 6,600 9.320
San Mateo Santa Clara, San Benlto. Santa Cruz, Monterey and San
Luis Obiepo counties ..; 10,913 110,480 174,060 8.320 18,933 80
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Loa Angeles, Orange. San Bernardino, -tlv-
erslde and San Diego counties 20,228 177,300 305,120 3,280 190,964 6,860 1,100
location;
If I 1 I 1 1 ______
165.004 I 2,190,920 | 1.101.200 | 57.560 | 326.313 | 19.620 | 14,120
COMPARATIVE STATEMENT.
I Flour. I Wheat. | Barley. I Oats. | Beans. I Corn. | Rye.
I Bbls. Ctls. I Ctls. ) Ct!s. I Sacks. I Ctls. | Ctls.
1903— December 1 . • ." 147.718 5,436,020 4,471.300 327,800 659,908 39.880
June 1 1 .. 145,004 1.010,400 601.820 100,200 333,073 23,600 : 17.960
1002— December 1 . - 16S.413 6.154,060 2,947,040 343.400 752,874 83.74O
June 1 177,173 2,505.780 667.080 112,320 312.744 48.980 53,800GREENVILLE. Pa.. June 8.— The Pearce
Woolen Mllle wer* < damaged $200 000 by fire
to-cw*
CHICAGO, June" 8.— The -coal yards' of the
Crescent Coal and Mining Company and i the
Peterson Hay and Grain Company's elevator
was burned to-day. Loss, $100, 0V0. . .-•
[ LANDLADY IS SUED.— A suit was filed
(yesterday by the John Breuner Company
; against Sara L. King of the Haddon jftall
• apartments. 031 Eddy street, for $17,000 or
the recovery of furniture of that value. The
I company also asks for 8 per cent on the
I amount from August 31, 1903.
• Som« very swell .weddlnr invitations come
from Edward S. Knowles. -I Second street. ¦
Miss Marry E. M. Ryan, a dress
maker, residing In Oakland, filed a pe
tition in Insolvency yesterday in the
United States District Court. She
owes J893 and has no assets.
Insolvent Dressmaker.
The Harbor Commissioners will to-day listen
toy the testimony produced against the American
Produce. Company." L..Scatena & Co. and Wolf
& Eons, , under the complaints filed. by Charlct
J. I^ereari 1 *nd G. Pieretti, who allege that
they were, refused onions and potatoes by the
flint three -named concerns, although they of
fered the money to pay for them at the prices
quoted ¦¦ by - the - present defendants. - : The - re-
i unal was based on the rules ' of the Produce
Dealers' Protective Association. The com
plainants seek < to • have the Harbor Commis
sioners revoke - the ; defendants'. • permits to sell
perishable produce on the State's property In
this city. If .the testimony, that Is produced
is strong enough, the permits will probably
be called in. The proceedings will begin at
10:30 a. m. . ,- ., -¦; •
Harbor; Commissioners Meet To-Day
" to Take Testimony on the Lercari
and ' Pieretti Complaints. V .
Trachoma Is Granulated 'Eyelids.
Murlne Eye Remedy cures this and other
Eye troubles, makes weak eyes strong.
A favorite in the home. . •
READY TO . CONSIDER CASES
UNDER NEW WOODWARD LAW
A big missionary* rally and recep
tion to the Rev. F. S. Hatch, for three
years field secretary for India, will
take place to-night at Westminster
Presbyterian Church. Page and Web
ster streets, under the auspices of
Golden Gate Christian Endeavor
Union. It is expected that there will
be a large attendance, as it will be the
last rally before the great convention
at Santa Rosa. The exercises will be
gin at 8 o'clock.
Endeavorers Rally To-Night.
Another war correspondent, tired of
waiting for an assignment to the front
with the Japanese army, haa returned to
this country. No waiting for breakfast
If cooked on a gas range from San Fran
cisco Gas and Electrjc Co. •
The . feast of the sacred . heart of
Jesus "will be celebrated to-morrow at
St. Ignatius. -Church. - The devotion
was especially urged by the late Pope
Leo XIII shortly before his death.
There will be a solemn high mass
at. 9 a. m. and in the evening, a ser
mon and solemn benediction of the
blessed sacrament. Before the bene
diction.the solemn act of consecration
to the sacred heart will be recited by
the , entire congregation.. . After the
high mass in the morning and at 3:30
in the afternoon the children will be
dedicated to the' sacred.. heart." The
faithful have been preparing • for this
feast by a novena or nine days' prayer.
Rev. .Henry Woods,' S.' J.,, has .been
conducting the novena and will con
clude it to-morrow^ night with an ap
propriate discourse.
Feast of the Sacred Heart of Jesus
Will Be Celebrated With
Solemn Rites.
DEVOUT SERVICES WILL
BE HELD AT ST. IGNATIUS
Carson City will be the scene of
carnival and jollity from July 2 until
July 7. The citizens of the Nevada
capital are making great preparations
for the entertainment of visitors and
expect that the attendance wijl be
larger than at any previous event of
a similar character ever held in the
State. John P. Meder, chairman of
the committee on publicity and pro
motion, is in this city and has already
secured many high-class attractions
and concessions. Mr. Meder says the
mountain town will outdo its effort of
three years ago and that the affair will
rival any on the coast.
Carson City Carnival.
Without seelng'lhe Diamond Palace would
be like visiting Europe without seeing Par
is. It 18 a leading feature of San Francis
co, and Is the most beautiful Jewelry
store in the world. Visitors or purchas
ers are equally welcome. 221 Montgom
ery, between Bush and Pine. •
To Visit San Francisco
Karbor Commiffioner <*harles H. Spear is
making preparations for an extensive Eastern
trip. He will accompany the California dele
ti->> to the national convention at O.iicago.
Philip Eastwick Jr., cashier for the
International Banking Corporation,
testified as to the conversation at the
cashier's window when Jacob Eppin
ger was negotiating the loan with Col
onel Beck. He stated that the defend
ant wished to borrow $25,000 or $30,000.
Colonel Beck was willing to loan the
money, but asked 6 per cent Interest.
Eppinger said this was too high and a
compromise was finally made at 5%
per cent. Attorney Dunne subjected
the witness to a rigid cross-examina
tion, but was unable to shake his tes
timony.
The case will be resumed at 9:30 this
morning, when the cross-examination
of McFaul will be resumed.
W. C. Ledeme, receiving teller for the
London. Paris and American Bank,
testified as to having received the
check for $9800 issued by the Interna
tional Banking Corporation on April
14. He Identified the check and It was
admitted in evidence.
The defense then proceeded along the
line of the financing of the prosecution,
seeking to find now much money had
been raised to defray the expenses of
the trial, from what sources and in
what manner It .was expended.
Colonel Beck testified that the money
had been raised partially under his di
rection by a committee and had been
disbursed by him with the approval of
the committee. A portion of the mon
ey,- he said, was paid to J. C. Camp
bell to act as special prosecutor and
the remainder was turned over to
Wells, Fargo & Co. This money was
raised not only to prosecute Jacob Ep
pinger, but all persons who might be
connected with ' the failure. Attorney
Dunne attempted to learn from the
witness Just how much money had been
raised, but in line with a previous rul
ing Judge Liawlor sustained the pros
ecution's objection to the question.
CHECK IDENTIFIED.
SOURCE OP FUNDS.
action. The defense on the other hand
argued that the greater the amount
Involved the more animus was likely
to be shown by the witness and the
more activity by the prosecution. After
listening to the arguments Judge Law
lor, quoting from a Supreme Conrt de
cision, ruled that the question was not
a fair one.
The case wilj_be called again , this
morning at m o'clock. Oakland Is'rep
resented by Mayor Warren Olney, City
Attorney John E. McElroy. R. M. Fitz
gerald and W. R. Davis.
Heney said there w,as no reason why
the affidavits should not be admitted
unless Oakland expected to win on
technicalities. Furthermore, it was im
possible to gather the data contained
in the affidavits in time. to furnish the
defendants a copy, but that copies
would be furnished by -this morning.
The matter was argued for over an
hour, but at thw finish Judge Gilbert
said he would allow the affidavits to be
admitted owing, to the serious nature
of the suit and the great questions in
volved. Attorney Heney proceeded
with the reading of. Adams' affidavit
and then offered additional ones from
George T. Lafiesche. William Alvord,
G. W. Kline. I. W.Hellman. George A.
Moore. Jacob Brith. P. McK. Duperu
and Henry S. Gore.
WHAT OAKIiAXD WANTS.
Garret W. McEnerney, who is asso
ciated with Heney and John Garber,
took exception to the statement made
by Mayor Olney regarding the under
standing about the. filing of affidavits.
He saia it had been understood that
the city of. Oakland through its attor
neys intended to file affidavits and as
the attorneys for plaintiffs could not
anticipate the nature of those docu
ments the affidavits offered by the
company could, not be served on the
defendants at the time the complaint
•was filed.
Olney claimed that the suit was
brought in reality to take away the
power of the city to regulate water
rates and that the company simply
wanted to put ' the affidavits into the
case to strengthen Its position.
Heney replied, saying the sole ques
tion before the court was not whether
the plaintiff had established a case,
but whether a temporary Injunction
should be granted to prevent the de
fendants from putting arbitrary, rates
Into effect. The admission of supple
mentary affidavits would simply pro
vide additional Information to aid the
court to determine the question of de
nying or granting the injunction
prayed for. Under the law the rates
should have been fixed in February,
but they were not fixed until May 31
and then arbitrarily. The affidavits
would -'show -those 'facts and should be
admitted. -•.'- r- •'.•'-•
Attorney Francis J. Heney opened
the case for the company by explaining
to the court the nature of the action.
His contention was that the rates the
city proposes to put into effect on July
1 will not give the company more than
6 per cent on its Investment and that
amount would leave the company in
debt to the amount of 510,000 at the end
of each year the rates are In" effect.
The actu U value of the plant, accord-
Ing to the company's figures, is $7,500,
000. and the additional value of the
franchise Is $1,000,000. The com
pany has a bonded Indebtedness of
$3." n 0,000. upon which It has to pay In
terest at the rate of 5 per cent i.er
annum, but this will be an impossibil
ity if the rates fixed by. the Council
are allowed to stand.
In order to establish his contention
Attorney Heney offered an affidavit
signed by Arthur L. Adams, an expert
engineer, and former manager of the
company. Heney started to read the
document, but Mayor Warren Olney of
Oakland, who is the leading counsel
for the city, objected that under the
rules of the court affidavits were not
admissible. He argued that the case
before the court was one Involving
the rights of every municipality in the
State and that unless the court up
held its time-honored rule the rights
of all legislative bodies would be in
Jeopardy.
RIGHTS INVOLVED.
The legal battle between the Contra
Coeta Water Company and the city of
Oakland began yesterday before Unit
ed States Circuit Judge Gilbert and
gives promise of being a long fight.
The company asks for an injunction to
restrain the city from putting into ef
fect on July 1 the rates established by
the City Council May 31. Under the
contract w,ith the company the. city
sets the rates to be collected from con
sumers of water and in fixing those
rates the valuation of the plant is
taken as a basis. The Council set the
valuation this year. at $4,700,000. but
the company contends their plant is
worth JR. 500. 000. The company wants
that amount taken as the basis for
fixing the rates, hence the application
for an injunction.
When the case was called the com
pany secured an order from the court
to compel the defendant to furnish to
the plaintiff all the data that was used
to arrive at the rates fixed by ' the
Council in May. In the afternoon it
gained another point by securing the
admission of affidavits supplementary
to the bill of complaint.
11EXEY OPEXS CASE.
Race for girls nnder 9 years, large box
candy; race for girls under 12 years, one cake;
race for girls under 15 years, trimmed hat;
race for girls over 15 years, two-pound box
candy; race for boys under 0 years, one box
candy; race for boys under 12 years, pair silk
suspenders; rice for boys under 15 years one
beautiful book; race for boys over IS yearn
one hat order; Youths' Directory boys under 9
years, ona baseball srlove; Youths' Directory
boys over 9 years. Reach's best boxing gloves;
race for young ladies (open to all), $3 mer
chandise; race for married women, one ham;
sack race for boys under 12 years, one large
cake; sack race for boys over 12 years, two
pound box candy;- three-legged . race for boys
under 18 years, one beautiful book, one Reach
fielding glove: race open to all young men. box
12>/jc cigars; race for married men, one ham;
race for men over 50 years, box oranges; sack
race for young men, one box Initialed handker
chiefs; wheelbarrow race for boys under 15
years, two packages rolled oats; wheelbarrow
race for boys under 18 years, two boxes fruit;
relay race for young men. partners to carry
each other half way around the track— first
prize ore pair gold sleeve buttons, second prize
one box 12 tjc cigars; running jumu gentle
man's hat order; running hop, step- and Jump,
one case Cook's mineral water; jig and reel
dancing — best lady dancer $2 50, best gentle
man dancer 5150. x
There will be more than 300 gate
prizes. The sports and games and
prizes at Schuebsen Park will be as
follows:
The reception committee was large
ly augmented, the names being as fol
lows?
M. /Sanderson. Ed Goffchaulk. E. J. Gllllon.
«• s ; c ° nIan - J- O'Brien, Dr. A. P. Mulligan.
7/. , °lr*P"' Mar *ln Dunne, Thomas W.
Hlckey. O. L. Cumrolngs, p e ter J. Curtis, W.
V. Loughlln. iW. r. Martin, John O. Martin.
Hon. Julius Kahn. Dr. C. F. Orlffln H, C.
Flagtolett. J. O. Leonard. Mrs. J. G Gal
'£? h t r ' .*i r "^ J - J - Clarkp . Mr. J. A. Farley.
Ed fcmlth. Dr. E. O. Corcoran, Dr. J r
McMerdle. P. J. Dunne, Dr. J. J. Gallarher
Dr. D. J. Buckley. Charles Barry. Joseph
Regan. Miss J._- Goughlin. J. B. Clifford.
Thomas Jennings. Captain John Seymour,
John Reynolds. Dr. Joseph Boady, Dr. Lagan
Thomas B. Murphy, Dr. A. S. Keenan, Dr.
James Seymour. F. M. Shea, Dr. Orazer. Mat
I. .BoIIIvan, T. J. O'Connor. George Connelly,
D. C. Deasey, . James B. Magulre. Dr. W. B.
Coffey. Dr. J. H. O'Connor, Dr. T. J. Good
men. Gavin McNab, J. J. O'Connor J. II
O'Brien. B. V. Oliver, Morris Pop*. A. B
Smith. F. A. Bell. M."Rountre#. Ed Galla.
gher. J. J. Donnelly, B. Bradley. W. Jj
BlGtfr. Dr. KerwJn, ; Ed Hall, J. B. Dugan,
Tom Dillon. James Con Ian and T. O'Dwyer.
I know of no Institution which does «o
much good without doing: any Injury In the
community. Seven hundred boys were ad- !
milted to the directory last year, the largest
number In the history of the institution. The
people of this city may attest their feeling
of gratitude by attending the excursion next
Saturday, when they may enjoy a delightful
outtnjr and also aid the caus» of trus Christian
charity.
The first annual excursion and pic
nic to Schuetzen Park in aid of the
Youths' Directory and farm for the
care and training of homeless boys
will mke place Saturday, June 11,
and promises to realize a goodly sum
for the institution. Already 6000 tick
ets have been disposed of.
The general excursion committee
met last night in the assembly room
and completed preparations. Address
ing the gathering, James R,, Kelly,
president of the Hlbernla Bank, de
clared:
Contra Costa Water Com
pany's Suit to Restrain
Oakland Council Begins
Excursion to Schuetzen Park
* VVill Take Place" on
. Saturday Next. •
A . p»w«r of attorney from Tr.-resa Alice
OeMehs to Joterh S. Tobin was filed yes
terday la which Mrs. Oelric'j- irives Tcbin
*.uth»rity to moTis*?* th» Fairmont Hotel for
$325,000 for the term of three months «t
the rate of 4>» per cent. The mortgage to
the Hibercia Savings and L/aar. Society was
*:»« recorded, the *ecuritj- given being the
tlP'-Jc bounded by Powell, Mason. California
mr.t Eacfamento ttr r -ets.
Trie. Power «rf attorney was ,»'-knf>wledired
>wfore United States Consul Central John K.
Ccwdy. In Paris, on May 21. 1H04.
row $325,000 for Three
Months.
Empowers Joseph S. Tobin to Bor-
HEARS REQUEST
FOR INJUNCTION
JAMES R. KEL.LT, A MEMBER OF
THE TOUTHS 1 DIRECTORY EX
CURSION COMMITTEE.
MRS. OELRICHS / UTHOIUZES
MORTGAGE C.\' 1'AIRMONT
An attempt was made t r obtain from
the witness a statement regarding the
amount of money paid Mr. Campbell as
special prosecutor, in order to show
animus of the witness. The jury was
dismissed and the question argued at
length. The prosecution contended
that the mere fact that a special prose
cutor was employed was sufficient evi
dence of the Interest of the witness in
the case and that the sum of money
paid him for his services was In no
sense a point for the Jury to consider,
but rather a private business trans-
At the opening of the morning ses
elon, Colonel. Beck, manager of the In
ternational Banking Corporation, re
sumed the stand. He testified as to
the number of: years he had been In
the banking business and as to his
business relations with the firm of Ep
pinger & Co. On cross-examination by
Attorney Ach the witness stated that
he had solicited business from the Ep
pingers, as he thought they would be
good customers. He had made them
one loan prior to that made In April
and the amount had been paid. Dur
ing the course of the examination At
torney Ach was rebuked by the court
for the manner in which he was con
ducting the examination. He ex
plained that there was no intent to
take up the time of the court and the
purport of his questions would develop
later.
ATTORNEY IS REBUKED.
The prosecution in the case of Jacob
Eppinger, charged with obtaining
money on worthless warehouse receipts,
dug into the meat of the case late yes
terday afternoon when the work of
tracing the. course of the receipts and
the disposition of the grain was begun.
W. B. Cutter of the firm of Cutter &
Moseley testified *that he had on De
cember 2, 1902," purchased warehouse
receipts Nos. 706, 707, 708 and 709 from
M. Blum & Co. -n December 4 he sent
these receipts to Eppinger & Co. with
the following letter:
Enclosed find warehouse receipts covering
lots 700. 707. 708 and 709. which please tele
phone to Port Costa to deliver on the French
bark Pierre Lotl. Your immediate attention
will oblige, as we would like to get started
early this morning so as to get finished. Ke
spectfully, CUTTER & MOSEL.EY.
Two of the lots mentioned are those
which the indictment charges Jacob
Eppinger with having borrowed upon
in April of 1903. In order to follow up
the transaction, Hugh McFaul, a
weigher employed In the warehouse at
Crockett, testified that he had weighed
the grain mentioned In the hypothecat
ed receipts and seen it loaded on the
bark Pierre Loti during the month of
December, 1902.* He also jaw the ves
sel sail away with the grain in her
hold. .vV ¦¦*.¦.;?•'••¦. . : - '¦¦'-:
The board approved the map of ¦ the
assessment district for changes of
grades on Greenwich street, between
Hyde and Larkin.
City Engineer Woodward reported
that the cost of grading all cross
streets between Twenty-sixth and
Army streets, from Alabama street to
San Bruno road, Is far in excess of
one-half of the assessed value of prop
erty liable therefor and that the work
cannot be done und$r public contract.
The Civil Service Commission sent a
request that general information be
furnished by the board regarding the
qualifications of civil service eligibles
for street sweepers, with a view to hold-
Ing an examination therefor. * The
Merchants' Association asked that the
present sweepers have an equal chance
In the preparation of the eligible list.
The commission also asked to be ad
vised how many superintendents,
assistant superintendents, inspectors
and foremen will be needed for the
municipal street cleaning plant. Presi
dent Schmitz was authorized to confer
with the commission.
M. L. Schmitt ug/ped that a uniform
width for brick walls in buildings.be
adopted. Schmitt wanted the width
fixed at thirteen inches, which, he said.
was acceptable to the Fire Depart
ment^ He was instructed to file a peti
tion on the subject, so that the build-
Ing ordinance may be amended by the
Supervisors.
The board approved the specifica
tions for water works for the new
pesthouse and asked the Supervisors
for authority to enter into a contract
therefor.
City Engineer Woodward reported
that Thirty-second avenue South, from
d street to the water, line,' about 350
feet, is private property and that a
fence thereon is not an obstruction.
Contracts were awarded yesterday
by the Board of Public Works to
Frank McSheehy for additions to the
Dudley Stone School building at $12,
492, and for additions to the Lowell
High School building at $2240.
Bids were opened for making cer
tain additions to the Richmond School
building. Fred C. Jones' bid was $21,
450 and- the Deneen Building Com
pany's $18,000. The contract will be
awarded to the latter after the Board
of Education has passed on the mat
ter.
» — •
Civil Service Commission
Prepares to Hold Examina
tion for Street Sweepers
TO MAKE' ELIGIBLE LIST
Attorneys for the Defense
Are Seeking to Prove Ani
mus on Part of Col. Beck
COUNSEL EEES A* ISSUE
Board of Public Works
Awards Contracts for Ad
ditions to Two Buildings
Weigher Crockett Testifies
for the Prosecution in
the Eppinger Failure Case
SCHOOLHOUSES
TO BE ALTERED
SAYS GRAIN
WAS SHIPPED
LARGE CROWD
WILL ATTEND
WAIFS' PICNIC
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 9. ,1904.
Fancy vests at cost. See window. Tom
Dillon, hatter, opposite Palace, •
16
ADVERTISEMENTS. *'
MB t«A Mwi IM Bill n^H
Prevented
Assisted by GUTICURA
Ointment, the great Skin
Cure/ and purest and
sweetest of Emollients.
For sunburn, heat-rash, tan,
freckles, pimples, blotches,
blackheads, red, rough, and
oily skin, bites and stings of
insects; for cleansing the hair
and scalp of crusts, scales, and
dandruff; for baby rashes,
itchings, and chafings; for
many sanative, antiseptic pur-
poses that appeal to mothers,
as well as for all the purposes
of the toilet, bath, and nurs-
ery, CUTICURA Soap, as-
sisted by CUTICURA
Ointment, the great Skin
Cure, are priceless*
N. B. Complete External and Internal treat-
ment forerery Humor, from Pimplei to Scrofula,
from Infancy to Age, coniiitinj of CUTICURA
Soap, Ointment, and Pilli, price, the get, One
Dollar, may now be had of all druggist*.
S*l< throaxnaat the world. Cntirun So«p, tie.. Olat-
mtnt, 40c., KtMlTcat, Me. (la form *f Cboe.ltt* Co»tr«
«11«, i*. p»r Ttal •» 60). Drpatu Lond.0. J7 Charter-
k»uit Sq. ; Part*, t Rat de U PU» « Boiion, 1S7 Calumbai
ATt. PotHrDrt|«Qnm. Corp.. 8.1* Pr»»rW.rt.
.•."?!?•¦* *V I?.*" u frttm, XtttUr, aad Mttutitr ..
1*4 ikin, 6c»:», Htlr, »Bd Uuidj." . ¦
Lufldstrom's
"Peewee Junior"
A Soft Hat in Black, Tearl and
- $2^2
Tfce Swellest Soft Hat Ever
PACIFIC COAST
HAT WORKS,
MAkere juifl Dfuljmern ot the
•TEEWEE HATS." t
1458 Market, Street,
Opp. Central Theater.
. And 605 KEARNY STREET.
•^INFANTsix INVALID?^!
No more wakeful nights if you
give your baby Mellin's Food.
Mellin's Food babies sleep
well.
MELUN'S FOOD CO., BOSTON, MASS.
P0000C0CC030SQ60C000CO
• WE CHARGE POS: A
0 P*lnle»s Silver F1Uin*> $ 25 up Z
q PeinlowtJement Flllinn 25 up 2
X J»»in lets Gold Fillings 75 up -5
T* PalnlfFs Gold Crown. 22k S.SOup*™
w .Painleca Porcelain Crownt S.KOup O
• Fainl*M Brtfite Work 3.60 Up A
O J^ii 11 Set of Teeth 2.00 up f\
q ¦ Our pricea are lowect — our eervlce the
ZZ btrt: 10-yrar puarantiH" given. EX- •
• AMIJJATION FREE. Ladies 1 "attend- •
• *nta. Samples of wcrk at entrance. 0
o Hale Dental Co. S
2 702 Market St., Cor. Kearny 5
No Breakfast Tatlt
complete without
Ths Cream of Cocoas.
The Most Nutritious
and ' Economical.
V^Q . Perfect Fitting (/(Y
fy Eyeglasses cM
ii At Moderate Cast (\
V 642 y MAB!£EJ*SX
y A "»"*** BROS.
HALES. L^^^^^S^^^
12k Percales to=day 8c
/ ¦ That's about all it's necessary to say to sell them ; only to
tell you that they are in mostly light stripes, perhaps more de-
sirable than any other for summer. Standard stuffs, 36 in. wide.
Another Stirring Offer. Women's Lisle Thread
15c Belts. Union Suits 75c.
They're all new, all right. That's unusual.
Not an old one among them; $I S^\KCL% t X"iLn.y'and
not one that isn t worth at least at the \{ s \ c thread and what pretty
25c . lace trimming they have.
Black and gold belts. Ideal summer garments— cool,
Black satin tucked belts with gir- comfortable balloon style.
die backs.
* White satin tucked belts with 1. :„«.,«, A .H- n«-o r»r»fxr
steel and turquoise trimmings. Linene Art Drapery.
Fancy silk braid belts in black. 2^c Quality at 15c.
Others of black and red braid T . ( . u ¦ ¦/ i »h»
with small harness buckles, plain .- Its Imene because, it s in the
and girdle effects, some with fancy P»«{ co L cr - . Xt s artistic and comes
buckle ornaments, all finished with in the "oral oriental and striped
oxidized or gdld buckles. patterns; nothing prettier for closet
t t t A u at t> ii. or wm< * ow draping, lounge or box
LOOK at Other J\ew Belts coverings or even laundry or shoe
which 1 we have just received; no bags. 36 in. wide.
newer, no more effective styles, 15c this morning instead of 25c.
but 25c. • , •
Peau de soie belts, crushed ef- \v e are selling lots of floor shine.
fects, with small harness buckles i t docs the work better tIlan any .
White wash belts, girdle backs, thing else we know of.
very dainty, finished with silver or _________^^___________________
gold harness buckle.
Then there are soft oatent leather Ctirtflin TPtcVl^r^
belts, stitched and lined with satin, **UriaHl. OlTClCIlCrfc
and finished with black harness - * * 5>l.l»>
buckle. 25c. __^ Do up your own curtains now.
d\ rv kt 1 • te\ You'll likely get the cost of the
50 Paper NapkinS IOC stretchers back the first time, and
A chance for. picnickers. They especially when the cost is as lcnv
are not common napkins, but pret- * is here— $1.15.. And they're
tily gotten up, many floral designs. adjustable to any sized curtain
White Envelopes 25c. 35c Window Screens at 29c.
An excellent quality, well gum- Not cheap screens, not poorly
med, 250 of them to the box. the made ones. They have hard wood
average size. No. 6U.. frames and work smoothly, 22x34
While you are at the stationery inches,
counter to-day take a look at our Garden Hose.
S^tS^h^'a^v.^ j "on', forge. «h« flower, and
or prettier line in the cit y . * 5 c doz. *£- IgJjj^BgjftagijM
JGST B? -~ffll Here's a rubber one, splendid qual-
/filrfies G£g&@g*£$^ ] ~ffi& Couplings are attached free with
~^^£2£**ol**£* 1^
ADVERTISEMENTS. ____^^~~-~-
) "...Z^T^ /''"V".^' VA: ' :W^' ; "" /:^
Get your summer suit here; stylish, snappy,
well built clothes. Concave shoulder, elongated
lapel, snug fitting collar. You only have to
see 'em to realize that their equal is not to be
found elsewhere.
Buys a Suit to suit you
39 STOCKTON STREET.
Telephone Main ."."L'2.
Dependable groceries, safa packing and
prompt delivery account largely for the
great number of out-of-town orders filled
here. Free delivery to tan; or country
home. .-'• rvl for catalogue.
Thursday, Friday and Saturday
SPECIALS.
CREAMERY BUTTER . . per sq. 32 %c
Celebrated Honey Lake Brand. Reg. 35c
MASON FRUIT JARS -
Pints 4."e. Quarts B5o per del
R«g. 50c and 60c per doa.
RANCH EGGS per doz. 25c
Strictly fresh.
CAROLINA RICE—
Per pkg. — small 20c. larger 40c.
Cooks In perfect grains. P.?g. 25a and 30c .
LOWNEYS COCOA per tin 2 be
Highest known grade. Reg. 23o
Jersey Evaporated Cream. 3 tins for 25c
Compares favorably with fresh cream.
PIM-OLAS 6-oz. bot. 15c
Ollvee stuffed with pepper*. Re*. 20c
SLICED PINEAPPLE. per tin 15c
Singapore brand In heavy syrup. Reg. 20c
MUSHROOMS per tin 20c
F. le Court brand. Rcr. 23c
SHREDDED WHEAT BISCUIT. . 10c pkg
Delicious with strawberries. Re*. 13c
FRUIT SYRUPS per qt. bot 35c
Raspberry, Strawberry, Pineapples. Va-
- nllla. Lemon and Grenadine. Reg. 50c
MELLW00D WHISKY—
Per bottle 7Se, Gallon f XOO.
Reg. J1.0O an* $4.00.
A rar* eld family Bourbon.
FINE OLD RYE—
Per bottta 75c. Gallon f 3.0O.
Reg. $1.CO and $4.00.
A liquor for connoisseurs.
VARTRAY GINGER ALE. per doz. Si. 00
A sparkling summer bererage. Reg. $1.23
RIESLING WINE j. . per pal. 40c
Well aged, perfect flavor. Reg. SOo
PALM GIN per bot. 40c
From Schiedam. Holland. Re*. SOo
\&f Ml
I w Give W
| jL More Good Tea Jl
I More Good Coffee
I More Good Spices
| More Coupons
I More Pretty Premiums
I c Watch Our o \
I W Prices Talk. j|
H I It Pays to Trade I
1 Great American Importing Tea Co's
' Stores
Ii 881 Market 210 Grant are. 1419 Polk ,
fj 140 Sutth 1819 Drrisadero 705 I-arkin
¦ 475 Hajght S006 Sixteenth 355 Hayes
M 32S5 Mission 121 Montjr'y ave. 52 Market
H 2008 Fillmore 2516 Mission 14* Ninth
g 866 Third 469 Fonrth 2732 34th
PSFDeveloped"
\ J"or KODAK j up io 9 T,-b *
| including 4x5
15cts. per Dozen
We've Lowered Prices
on.KOLLFlLMSSordUKodtks:
3Ji x 3'4 per Dox 54*-~3*x4* doz 63*
4x5 per D02. 81*~£ay/Bizf<ffjMy.
iTUMTJST BMZ&iiR '
¦ rkfUK M A ' r ° »t<«y Curwi. Cauao re-
/! I li iVl IX moved. Health restore.!.
fmVF ¦ ¦Bl»«r* No mcre Asthma or Hay
rilRFlS SX: *"* *° Fre N
i>Ui\LU !'• HAROLD HATE3.
WT,T,TU,Y CALIn $1.00 PgS YEAB,
ANOTHER. BIG SALE
-IN-
WRAPPERS.
Special jM*ltfe^|
Here's «n ideal "LAWN WRAPPER."
in very pretty floral designs. Bretellea ana
yoke trimmed in novelty braid; deep
flounce; lined to waist. ¦ ¦
$1.25 WRAPPER... 90C
WRAPPER as pictured Is made from an
excellent ,<jualtty of percale; two styles to
select ./torn: ruffles or bertha tastily
trimmed In braid; comes In stripes and
figures, in light, medium and dark effects.
OTHER WRAPPERS ON SALE TO-DAY
$1.50 Kind at........ $1.15
$2.00 Kind at $1.40
MARKS BROS.
" The Home of Honest Values, " j
1220-1222-1224 Market St