John McLaren,;
Superintendent/;
Golden GateParR,-
Who Goes to :
Europe
for New Ideas
for the
Beautiflcation
California's
Famous ParR
IT is very rarely, indeed, tha£.<a public , official
**take0"at v-acatlon' that gives more pleasure to
••the', people: than'it doesto himself, but yester
day'John McLaren, superintendent of Golden
Gate Park, accompanied by his wife, began a three
months' European trip, which, though its first ob
ject is to .visit.his mother in his old home In Scot
land, will be'followed by a tour of the Continent
that will, eventually result In innumerable ' lmr
provemenfs and' additions to the/ beauty and, aU
tractivenesB of -ihe park as a^whola'and'its pleas
ure grrounds In "particular. whlch'-Js'^pf exceptional
interest to every man, woman and ? child 'in/San
Francisco. ¦ '.:.--
To make Mr. - McLaren's trip a complete suc
cess the Park Commissioners appropriated J1000 to
Continued ob Page Seven.
The Sunday Call Magazine"Baok, men! She'll goa clear o';- the
'shoal!" •' : ' " • • * ¦
: >That was the skipper. .They could
see him standing: with his back to tht
gale and his hands in -. his mouth.
• Beyond, in.: the mist .of ; snow,' : the
schooner : lay ' tossing; her ropes and,
spars were a web and. her ;bull .was a'
shadow. .' -_': i ¦'; . ,'¦ - '-' v ¦ -\ -V ' ':'•'
.. "Back! Back!" '"' r .'.-./: ..'.'< '
. Then .the fight was upon , him. A
man clambered upon his back. H« felt
his foothold sinking— tipping— sinking.
But he wriggled away, turned in _a
rush 'of terror -to defend himself and'
grappled with, this i man. They fell to
the v ice, ; each > trying I- to v free ; himself
from the i other ; their ; weight was d ls
tributed over a wider, surface! of frag
ments, - so thty: were borne up while
they " fought'- .' The rest, tram pled over
them. Before » they could ¦ recover : and .
make good' their: footing -the ship had
drifted past -They were cut off from
her by ; the open : water in : her wake. \
She slipped "away Iikeo -. a* 1 - shadow,
vaguer \ grew, • and vanished ¦ in : the
swirling snow. But a. picture remain
ed with Saul— that of a lad,' in a cloud,
of -snow, .leaning over, the '«¦ rail, - which
was; a T shadow, with* his -mouth 'wide
open * in a" cry, > which was lost in the
tumult of wind and hoarse voices, and
with 1 ; his '.-hand' stretched rout; ; and he
knew;. that r John -was aboard and
would come I safe . to Ragged Harbor.
"For'ard/ there —'stand' by, ¦ some o*
you!" ';¦¦:'.'. ¦/¦ ,; ; , -¦¦.'"¦.•¦ '' V :
- It was the skipper's voice, ringing in
the white night beyond. . There was. an
answering trample, like the sound of
T "Iss, Saul. Oh, make haste!"
,-' In a -moment. they were under the
forward quarter, standing firm on a
narrow pan , of -ice, waiting .for the
drift of the schooner to bring the rail
¦wlthLn reach. When that time came
Saul caught up the lad and lifted him
high. But she was' dragging the men
who clung to her. • They vwere now
within arm's reach of John. Even as
he .'drew himself up a hand was' 'raised
to catch his foot Saul struck at the
arm..;Then he felt a clutch at'his own
ankle— a grip that tightened., He look
ed^ down. His foot was - released. He
saw a hand stretched up and stooped
to grasp it;. It was suddenly with
drawn. The face '¦•of a man v. wavered
in the black water and disappeared.
Saul knew that a- touch of his hand
was as near as ol' Bill 7 Anderson 'had
come to salvation.
She was scraping through the ice, leav
ing it behind. her,. faster and faster yet.
; The blind- crowd amidships plunged
along.: with - her, ! all the' "while losing
something of their, position:
¦¦'; "Steady, John, b'y," said Saul. "For
'ard, there— under'the quarter.''
footfalls departing, - •
'"Show, a bit o' that Jib!" ¦-¦'¦'.•
The words were now blurred by **J e
• greater-distance." Saul listened, for the
creak and rattle of the sail running up
the stays, but heard nothing.
"Sau-au-1-1!" , ; ' „
The long cry csme as from far ofT,
beating its way against the wind,
i muffled by the snow between.
That' was the last.
Now, the man was stripped to his
•strength— to his naked strength:, to .his
present -store of -vigor and heat and
nutriment, plenteous or depleted, as
might b€. He was. stripped of rudder
and sail.: If was a barehanded fight
strength to strength. "Escape was by
endurance_-by enduring the' wind and
' the waves and the cold until such time
as the 'sea's passion wasted Itself and
she fell into that rippling, sunny mood
in which she gathers strength for new
assault. Even now-+t was as though the
fragments • of ice over s which he was
aimlessly leaping tried to elude hlm-r
to throw him otf. So he cast about for
. better position— for place on some pan
which would be like a wall to the back
of an* outnumbered man. After a time
ho found a pan, to which three men had
already fled. He had to swim part way;
but they helped him up, for the pan
was thirty feet square, and there was
room for him."
; "Be It you, Samuel?" said Saul.
"Iss, 'tis I— an 1 Matthew Weather and
Andrew Butfs." -V , ; ' ¦
Saul. took his jacket to wring it out.
"Were it you, -Matthew, b'y," he said,
making ready to put it on again, "were
It you jumped onme back— out there?"
"Sure, an'I doan't know, Saul. Maybe t
'twere... I forgets. 'Twere terrible— out 1
there." -.. ;. .
. '-'Iss, Itwere,' b'y. I were Just a-won
derln'." - ' - : . — .- ' v
They sat down — huddled In the mid
dle of the pan; the snow. eddied -over
and about them . and left drifts behind.
Soon the pack vanished over the short
circumference of the' sight" Then small
waves began ¦ to 'break j over, the pan to
windward. ' The water.- rolled -to Saul's
shoes.and lapped, them.; . \
•"¦; "How many does you leave t' hoame,
Matthew?" said Saul. .
,?'Nlner Saul.7—*- '..,.- — ¦ -•¦,-. ¦ ;- - -
"Sure," b'y," Matthew's brother," Sam
uel; cried, impatiently, "you forgets the
baby. 'Tis ten; b'y, countln' the baby."
• "Oh.;- iss— 'tis true!"- 1 - said Matthew.
"Countln' the last .baby an! little Billy
Tuft, Jtis ten. 'I .were a foster-father t'
little : Billy. Ibs— 'tis ten I left. 'Tis
quare I forgot the baby." :Y,
I -It was queer, for he loved them all,
and he had a doctor from Tilt Cove for
the last baby. Maybe the cold was to
blcme for that forgetfulness.
'¦¦ "You leaves moare'n me. Matthew,"
said Saul. "I leaves oan'y one."
•'The snow cloud darkened. Night had
crept near.- The shadow overhung the
pan. More, the wind had a sweep over
open water, for the pack was now
widely distributed. Larger waves ran
at the pan, momentarily Increasing in
number and height. One swept it— a
thin sheet of water, curling from end
to end. Then another; then three in
quick succession, each rising higher.
"Iss— a laps, ben't she?" said Matthey,
taking up the talk again.
"A girl. Matthew," said Saul. "A
girl," he repeated, after a moment's
silence, "just a wee bit of a girl. 'Tla
like John'll look after she."
"Oh, 'sure, b'y — sure! 'Tis like John
will."
"That lass!" said Saul. "Does you
think he'll give she music lessons— that
wee thing?"
"Iss, sure! An" she'll'play the organ
in the church t" Hagged Harbor — when
they gets one. She'll', be growed up
then." '. • '
"Iss, maybe," said Saul.
There was a long time in which no
word was spoken. A wave broke near
and rose to the waists of the men. No
one stirred. .* ..'
"Does they Tarn you about — about —
how t' goa about eatln' t' Saint
John's?" said Saul. "All about— knives
—an' forks?" , , . . V
"Eh, b'y?" said Matthew, spurring
himself to attend.
"I always thought I'd like she t" know
about they things — when she grows up,"
said Saul. . .
Soon he stood up, for the waves
were rl si ngr higher. In the words of
the Newfoundlander, he . stood up to
face the,Beas. The others had so far
succumbed to cold and despair that
they sat where they were, though the
waves, which' continuously ran over
tho pan, . rose, from time to time, to
their waists. It ¦ was night; the man's
world was then no more than a frozen
shadow, pitching in a space all black
"and writhing; and from the depths of
this darkness great waves ran at him
to sweep him off — increasing in might,
innumerable, extending infinitely • into
the night.
Then a giant wave delivered Its as
sault; it came ponderously— lifted itself
high above his head, broke above him,
fell, beat him down; it swept him back,
rolling him over and over, but he
caught abridge of ice with his fingers,
and he held his place, though the wa
ters tugged at him mightily. He recov
ered- his -first position, and again he
was beaten down; but. again he rose to
face the sea, and again a weight of wa
ter crushed him , to his knees. Thus
three more times without pause;. then,
a respite, in which it was made known
to him that one. other had survived.
"Be it you, Matthew?" said Saul.
"Noa— 'tis Andrew Butts. I be fair
done out, Saul." .
Saul gathered his strength to con-
dnue the fight— to meet the stress and
terrors of the hours to come; for it wu
without quarter, this fight; there is no
mercy in cold, nor is there any compas
sion In the great deep. Soon — it may
have been two hours after the assault
of the five great waves— the seas came
with new venom and might; they were
charged with broken ice, massed frag
ments of the pack, into which the wind
had driven the pan, or, it may be. with,
the slush of pans which the Blueblack
Shoal had discharged. The ice added
weight and a new terror to the waves.
They bruised and dazed and sorely
hurt the man when they fell upon him.
No wave came but carried Jaggad
chunks of ice — some great and some
small; and these they flung at the men
on the pan. needing only to strike here
or there to kill them.
Saul shielded his head with his arms.
He was struck on the legs and on the
left side, and once be was struck on
the left breast and knocked down.
After a while — it may have been an
hour after the fragments first appeared
in the water— he was struck fair on the
forehead; hia senses wavered, but his
strength continued sufficiently* and
soon he forgot that he had so nearly
been fordone. Agalr.. after a tlma— It
may now have been three hours before .
midnight— other great waves came.
They broke over his head. They cast
their weight of ice upon him. There
seemed to be no end to their number.
Once, Saul, rising from whera they
had beaten him — rising doggedly to
face them again— found that his right
arm was powerless. He tried to lift it.
but could not. He felt a bon« grata
over a bone in his shoulder— and a stab
of pain. So he shielded his head from
the Ice in the next wave with his left
arm — and from the Ice in the. next, and
in the next, and the next. • • • • The
wave had broken his collarbone.
And thus, in diminishing degree, for
fifteen hours longer.
The folk of Neighborly Cove say that
when the wind once more herded the
pack and drove it Inshore. Saul Nash,
being alone, made his way across four
miles of loose ice to the home of Abra
ham Coachman, in the lee of God's
Warning, Sop's Arm way, where they
had cornmeal for dinner; but Saul has
forgotten that— this and all else that
befell him after the sea struck him
that brutal blow on the shoulder; the
things of . the whirling night, of the
lagging dawn, when the snow thinned
and ceased, and of the gray, frowning
day when the waves left him in peace.
A crooked shoulder, which healed of
itself, and a broad scar, which slants
"from "the tip of his nose far up into
hia hair, tell him that the fight was
hard. But what matter— all this?
Notwithstanding all, when the next
sea baited its trap with swarming
herds, he set forth with John, his
brother, to the hunt; for the world
which lies hidden in th« wide beyond
has some strange need of seal fat. and
stands ready to pay, as of course. It
pays gold to the man at the counter
in St. Johns, and for what the world
pays a dollar the outport warrior gets
a pound of reeking pork.
But what matter? What matter
all this toU and peril? "What matter
when the pork lies steaming on the
table and the yellow duff ia in plenty
in the dish? What. matter when, be
holding it, the blue eyes of the lads
and little maids flash merrily? What
matter when the strength of a man
provides so bounteously that his chil
dren may pass their plates for more ?
What matter— when there comes a
night wherein a man may rest? What
matter— in the end? Ease is a shame;
and, for truth, old. age holds nothing
for any man save a seat .In a. corner
and the sound of voices drifting in. Jj
Bill was an old hand — an old hand;
and he had been in the thick . of the
pitiless slaughter of seals for five days.
"Us'll. let noa moare . aboard, b'y," he
cried. He started to his elbow and
looked around; but he saw' no one
making for the pan, so he said to. Saul:
" 'Tis too small for three. .Leave the'
young feller loo.; out' for hlsself; some
other—
"Bill," said Saul, "the lad bides here."
Bill was an old hand. He laughed in
scorn. Maybe," said he, "if the sea gets
at this pan — to-morrow, ornex' day,
Saul — if. the sea gets at un, an' wears
un down, .'tis yourselfll be the first t*
push the lad off, an' not— \ , . '
"Does you hear. me, Bill! I says the
lad '-^— " '¦¦'• ¦. , -.
John plucked Saul's sleeve. "'Tis
goaln' abroad,".. he, said, sweeping his
hand over the pack!' . ;-.'.-,:• ' .
- Then a hush fell upon the ice— a hush
that deepened and spread, and soon left;
only the swish of the gale :and l the
mufflled roar of the shoal. - It came
creeping from the- west like a sign of
relief. - The driving force of the -wind
had - somewhere been mysteriously
counteracted. The pressure was i with
drawn. The pack was free. It would
disperse into its separate parts. A veer
ing of the . wind— the Impact" of some
vagrant ' field— a * current' or ' a tide— a
far-off rock; who knows what influence?
The direction of the pack was changed.
It would swerve outward from the
Blueblack shoal.
Ol' Bill fell, exhausted. He shielded
his mouth with his arm. " 'Tis so good
as any. place," he 'gasped. " i
" 'Tis big enough . : for . seven men,"
said John., v -. • :
Save upon the scattered pans, which
had resisted the grinding of the pack,
but were even then lifting themselves
out of the press and failing back in
pieces; save upon those few pans, there
was no place, where a man could rest
his foot/foftrhere he set -it down there
it sank. He must leap — leap — from one
sinking fragment. to another, ch'ooslng
in a flash where next to alight; chanc
ing his weight where it might be sus
tained, for the moment of gathering to
leap again— he ; :must leap 7 without
pause; he must leap 'or the 4 pack, woiild
let him through and close over his
head. Moreover the wind •' swept over
the pack with full force and a sting
ing touch, and it was filled ' with the
dust of snow; a- wind which froze and
choked and blinded where it could. But
in the lead.of. SaulNash^swho was like
a swaying shadow in the snow ahead,
thirty men made the hundred yards
and dispersed to the pans 'to wait—
thirty of thirty-three, not counting the
skipper, who had lingered far back to
see the last of the work of his hands.
"Leave us— wait— here," said Saul, be
tween convulsive pants, ..when, ' with
John and ol' . Bill Anderson, ¦' he had
come to rest on a small pan. He turned
his back to- the - wind to catch a his
breath. "Us'll clear 'the shoal— here,"
he added. ,.-' * / .
"Is you all here?" the skipper went
on. He ran his eye ever them to count
them. No man looked around for his
friends! • '"Thirty- three. All right! Men.
you'll follow Saul Nash. When you gets
a hundred yards off the ship you'll
drift clear o'. the shoal. Now, over the
side, all hands!" In a lull of the wind
the shoal seemed suddenly very near.
"Lively, men! Lively!"
The schooner was' low with her
weight of seaf-fat. It was but a short
leap to the pack in which she was
caught— at most, but a swinging drop
from the rail. That jivas all; even so,
as the crew went over" the side the
shadow of the great terror fell— fell as
from a cloud approaching. There was
a rush to be clear of this doomed thing
of wood — to be first in the way of es
cape, though the end cf the untraveled
path was a shadow; so there was a
crowding at the rail, an outcry, a
snarl and the sound of a blow.
Young John Nash was in the shelter
of Saul'B great body; he was touching
the skirt of the man's great-coat— like
a child in a crowd. '•• ( t
The old man was up on the port rail
with the snow curling about him. He
had a grip of the mainmast shrouds to
stay himself against the wind and the
lunging of the ship. The thud ar\d
swish of waves falling back and the
din bf grinding ice broke from the
depths of the snow over the bow — from
some place near and hidden — and the
gale was roaring past. The men
crowded closer to hear him.
"Tis -time t' take t' the ice!'? he cried.
"Iss, skipper!'*" • •
"Sure, sir." ; •
. In the words of the Newfoundlander,
it would soon be every man for his life
— that dread hour. when, by the /ac
cepted creed of that coast, earth is In
mercy curtained from heaven and the
Impassive angel's ' book is closed. At
Buch times, escape is for j the strong;
the weak aslc, for no help; Ahey are
thrust aside; they find no hand
stretched, out. Compassion, and all the
other kin of love, being overborne in thu
tumult, flee the hearts of men;, there
remains but the brute greed of llfe-^
more life. Every man for his own lif e—
for bis life. Each watched the other
as though that other sought to wrest
some advantage from him. Such was
the temper of the men then that '"-when
the skipper roared for all hands there
was a rush for the .ladder and a 'scuffle
for place at the foot of it.
"Men," the skipper bawled, when the
crew had huddled amidships, cowering
from the wind, "the ship'll strike the
Blueblack inside o* thirty minutes. 'Tis
every man for his life." , j\ • ;. '.
'warm while there was yet time— that
they might be warm and supple* In the
crisis. Also they ate their fill of pork
and biscuit and drank their fill of
water? being wise in the ways of ice,
each stuffed his stomach, which they
call In such times with ' grim
humor the long pocket Some
took off their jackets to give
their arms freer , play in the coming
fight; some tightened their belts; some
filled their pockets with the things'they
loved most; all made ready. Then they
sat down to wait, and the waiting, in
that sweltering, pitching hole, with its
shadows - and flickering j light, ' ; was
voiceless and fidgety. It was the brew
ing time of panic, -
It began to , snow; not. In feathery
flakes, eilent and soft, but the whizzing
dust of flakes, which . eddied and ran
with the wind In blasts, that .stung.
Most of the crew went below to get
He looked her over from stem to
Etern — along her shapely rail, and aloft,
over the detail of her rigging. His
glance lingered here and there—lin
gered wistfully. She was his life's
achievement; he had bullded her.
"Iss, ekipper. sir— sure 'tis," said
Baul Nash. He lurched to the skip
per's side and put a hand on his shoul
der.
. _".' 'Twere a good Vyage, skipper." ol'
Bill AnderBon said, lifting his voice
above the noise of the pack.
"'Twere a gran' haul off the Grey
Islands— now. 'twere." said the skipper.
" Twere so good as ever I knowed
from a schooner," said Anderson.
"I hates t' lose them pelts/' said the
Ekipper. "I do hate V lose them pelts."
"Never yet were I wrecked with
bloody decks." said Anderson, "that I
didn't eay 'twas a pity .t" lose the car
go. Never, b'y— never! I says every
time, says 1, 'twas a pity t' lose the
pelts."
Just then Saul's young brother, John,
approached the group and stood to
listen. He was a slight, brown-eyed
boy, having the flush of health, true,
and a conspicuous grace, but dark eyes
Instead of blue ones, and small meas
ure of the bone and hard flesh of his
mates. Saul moved under the fore
mast Ehrouds and beckoned him over.
"John, b'y," the man said. In a ten
der •whisper, leaning ovtr, "keep along-
Elde o* me when — when — Come,", burst
ing Into forced heartiness, "there's a
cood lad, now; keep alongside o" me."
John caught his breath. "Iss, Saul,"
he whispered. Then he had to moisten
his lips. "Iss, I will," he added, quite
steadily. r £j
"John!" In a low. Inspiring cry.
"Saul!"
The ewlft upward glance— the quiv
ering glance, darting from the depths,
which touched Saul's bold blue eyes for
a flash and shifted to the dull sky
betrayed the boy again. He was one
of those poor, dreamful folk who fear '
the sea. It may be that Saul loved him
for that— for that strange difference.
"Close alongside, John, b'y," Baul
mumbled. " touching the" lad on the
choulder, but not daring to look In his
face. "Close — close alongside o\ me."
' "lea. Saul."
"Sure, men," said the skipper, " 'tis
barb'rous hard t' lose the schooner —
barb'rous hard t' lose her," he bawled,
v.lth a glance about and a shake of
the head.
The shoal lay dead ahead in the path
of the schooner's drift. In every part
of it waves shook themselves free of
ice and leaped high into the wind— all
white and. frothy against the . 6ky.
¦which was of the drear color of lead.
Its tons were lifted and -cast^tlown— -
smashed — crunched; great pans wer«
turned to the finest fragments with
crashing and groaning and hissing. The
rocks stuck out of the sea like iron
teeth. They were as nothing before
the momentum of the pack— no hin
drance to Its Blow, heavy onrush. The
ice scraped over and between them,
end, with the help of the waves, they
ground it up in the passage. The shoal
.was like some gigantic machine. It
¦uas fed by the wind, which drove the
pack: it was big as the wind is big.
Massive chunks came through in
Blush.
They followed the direction of his
arm, from the tip of his frozen mitt to
the nearest shoal, dead ahead, where
the tea was grinding the ice to slush.
Death confronted them, but they said
nothing. Yet they were not callous—
every man loved his life; each had a
f.ne regard for Its duties and delights.
But the schooner was in the grip "of
the pack, which the wind, not their
will, controlled. There was nothing to
be done — no call upon strength or un
derstanding. Why talk? So they wait
ed to see what the wind would do with
the pack.
"Well, men," the skipper drawled at
last, "she'll wreck. Seems that way t'
me — It do." • .
"Does you see un— 'the Blueblack —
dead ahead?" the skipper bawled, for
the confusion of ice and wind had over
whelmed his voice.
fast In the crip of the no© and
driving sou'west with the gale. Th«
light in creased; It disclosed the faces of
men to men — frozen cheeks, steaming
mouths, beards weighted with icicles,
eyes flaring In dark pits. It disclosed
the decks, where s> litter of gaffs and
clubs end ropes* ends lay frozen in the
blood and fat of slain seal, the grimy
deck house and galley, the wrecked
bowsprit, the abandoned wheel, the
rigging and spars all sheathed with
Ice; and, beyond, es it pushed Its way
Into the uttermost shadows, the solM
shape of Deadly Rock and the Blue
black Shoal lying In the path of the
wind.
"Does you see un, men?"* said the
skipper.
They were seven old hands who had
gathered with the 6klpper by the wind
lass to wait for the morning, and they
had been on the watch the night long —
big, thick-chested fellows, heavy with
muscles and bones — most with forbid
ding, leathery faces, which were not
cnused, however, at other times, to the
play of a fine simplicity — men of knot
ty oak, with that look of strength, from
the ground up, which some gnarled old
tree has; and they were all clothed in
Fkln boots and caps, and some coarse,
home made stuff, the last In a way so
thick and bulky that it made giants of
them.
(Copyright, by McClure. Phillips & Co.)
*y\ T break of day—a, sullen dawn
f I which the sky's weight of wav-
I Ing black cloud had balked lot
JL an hour— the schooner was still
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY GAUD.
There-was a zigzag, plunging race for.
the schooner — for more life for the
hearth fires of Ragged Harbor and. the
lips of wl\es and the clinging fingers
of babies which swam, as In a golden
cloud,* in : the snow, the wind, was
driving over the deck. The: ice"< went
abroad. " The pack ithirfned .and-, * fell
away Into its fragments, which ;then
floated free in widening gaps ; of, sea.
The way, .-back, was "vanishlngr-even the
sinking way over which they had come.
"Old* James Moth,! the father "of eight,;
mlBchose the' path;> when 'he came : to
the end ha teetered for a space on two
Email' cakes, ; neither-, of : which; would
bear " him, * and .when his .¦? feet " ( ' had :
forced them wide he fell back and
wu drowned. Ezra Bull, he who had
married pretty Mary o' Brunt Cove
that winter, mlesed his leap and. fell
between two pans, which' swung,to
gether with crushing/- force- in ;-.the,
trough of the lop;; he sank without; a
cry when they went aboard. • .•¦•'•.:
It waa then perceived •'•, that the
schooner had gathered way. and was
drifting faster than the pack through
which she was pushing,. As the Ice
fell away before : her her, speed in
creased. The crew,' swerved ;> to , head ,
her off. It was now a' race without
mercy or reproach.*^ As f the men • con
verged upon the schooner's « side -their,
paths • merged % into one— a. ; narrow,
shifting way to the ice in her lee— and
it was in the encounters of that place
that three men lost their lives. Two
of them tumbled to their death locked
in each other's arms, and one was best
ed, and flung down. : : • .
When Saul and John, the last of all,
came., to] that one: patch of .loose ice (
where -the •: rail was ,, within', reach a
crowd of -seven- was congested there,
and, . with \ brute ' unreason, they were ,
fighting for the first grip. So fast was
the . schooner slipping -away . there '.was,
time left for : four, at most, •' to clamber
aboard. ¦"?-,.. ;.. ; * " ~"
"Saul! ..Saul!" She'll Blip away from
we." '.. •*:' "- ' ¦ •
. She was drifting >: fasten The loos
ened pack divided before her i prows.
2
THE STRENGTH
OF MENIt" was a frightful pace— how fright
ful no one ever knew; neither the old
man Sinclair nor ; Dick Burns ever
cared. Only, the crew of a freight,
sidetracked for. the approaching Flyer,
saw. an engine flying. light;- knew the
hunter and the quarry, for they had
been the runaways shoot, by— saw then,
a minute after, 1 a star and a streak and
a | trail ot rotten smoke fiy down [ the
/wind, and she had come and passed and
gone. , '.
It ' was ' just ; east of '. that siding, so
Burns and Sinclair always maintained
—hut It measured ten thousand feet
year* roll by there will be an ampla
number of claimants for the revenue
derived from this magni-cent gift. But
it Is preposterous to suppose that all
of those who ought to be rewarded will
receive their just dues. And under
neath all the specific instances of heroic
action must be at all times the sub
stratum of a vast deal of " heroism
which never gets into the public prints.
It Is of these unpublished heroisms that
we may profitably think to-day.
Is the heroism of the battlefield any
nobler than that of the" sickroom, not
alone of the persons condemned to long
and apparently unending years of in
valid 13m, but of those who minister
unto them? I am thinking now not of
paid nurses and attendants, but of rel
atives and friends who spend consid
erable time night and day In caring for
the sick. The man whose wife Is a con
firmed invalid carries a heavy burden.
Hard as It is to be deprived of her
compasiy and co-operation . in the Joys
and the work of life, it is still harder to
see your dearest one wasting with dis
ease, the victim of unstrung nerves or
of unsound organs. Many a man goes
to his business in the morning heavy
hearted and returns "at night ¦ In deep
anxiety because ill health lias com* to
the throttle and on tne air; the very
magic of touch which, on a slender
bar of steel, could push a hundred tons
of flyins metal up and hold it steady
in a play of six inches^n the teeth of
the gale that tore down behind him.
Again and "again Burns tried to
couple and failed. Sinclair, straining
anxiously ahead, caught sight of the
headlight of No. 1 rounding O'Fal
lons Bluffs. - •¦''¦"
He cried to Burns, and, incredible
though U seems, the fireman heard.
Above all the infernal din, the tearing
of the fiangea and the roaring of the
wind. Burns heard the cry. It nerved
him to a supreme effort. He slipped
the eye once .: more on ; the draw and
managed to drop his pin. Up went his
hand in signal. .
Choking the steam, Sinclair- threw
the brake-shoes flaming against the
big drivers. The sand poured on the
raSs, and with Burns up on the coal
ers setting brakes the three great run
aways were brought . to with a jerk,
that would , have astounded ¦. the, most
reckless .scapegraces in the world.
While the plucky fireman cypt along
the top of the freight cars to keep
from being blown bodily ; through ' : the
air, Sinclair, with every resource. that
brain and nerve and power, could ex
ert, wa3: struggling to overcome^ the
terrible , headway of , pursuer and 'pur
sued, : driving ¦ now frightfully into the
beaming bead of No. L .
r' . '• '
before. He was a' tall, lank Irish boy
with an open face and' a morning smile.
Dad Sinclair took him on because no
one else would have him. Burns was
so green that Foley said you couldn't
set his name afire.: He would, so Foley
said, put out a hot box just by blink
ing at it. -
But every man's turn comes once,
and it had come for Burns. It' was
Dick Burns' chance now to show what
manner, of stuff was bred in his long
Irish, bones. It was bis task to make
the steam — if he could — faster than
Dad Sinclair could burn it. What use
to grip the throttle and scheme if
Burns didn't furnish the power, put
life into her heels as she raced the
wind — .the merciless, relentless gala
sweeping over . the prairie faster than
a' horse could fly before it?*
. Working smoothly and swiftly into a
dizzy whirl, the monstrous drivers took
the steel in leaps and bounds. Dad
Sinclair, leaning from the cab window,
gloatingly watched their .gathering
speed, iml Jed. the bar up , notch by
notch, and fed Burns' fire into the old
engine's arteries fast and faster than
she could throw it into her steel hoofs.
That was 'the night the West End
knew that a greenhorn had cast j his
chrysalis and stood out a man. Knew
that the honor; roll of our frontier di
vision wanted one more name, and that
it was big Dick Burns'. Sinclair hung
silently desperate to the throttle, , his
eyes straining into the night; ahead,
and the face of the long Irish boy,
: streaked with smut and channeled
' with sweat, - lit . every minute with .the
glare of. the furnace as he fed the
white-hot blast that leaped, and' curled
and foamed under the crown-sheet of
Soda-Water Sal. :
There he stooped and sweat and
swung, • a3 she slewed and lurched and
jerked across the fishplates.' Carefully,
nursingly,. ceaselessly he pushed Y the
steam-pointer higher, higher, higher on
the dial— and that despite the tremen
dous drafts of Dad's throttle. *
' Never a' glance to the right or the
left, to the track or the engineer. From
go Into her sure." "Dad." cried Rey
nolds, all in a fright, "what'll I do?
For heaven's sake do something. I
called up Riverton and tried to catch
No. 1, but she had passed. I was too
late. There'll be a wreck, and I'm
boofted for the penitentiary. What can
I do?" AH the while the station agent,
panic-stricken, rattled on. Sinclair was
looking at his watch— casting it up —
charting it all under his thick, gray,
grizzled wool, fast as thought could
compass.
No. 1 headed for Acton, and her pace
was a hustle every mile of the way;
three cars of coal blocking down on her
—how fast he. dared not think; and
through it all he was asking himself
what. day it was. Thursday? Up! Tes,
Georgie, his boy. was on the Flyer No.
1. It was his day up. If they met on a
curve —
"Uncouple her!" roared Dad Sinclair,
in a giant tone.
"What are you going to do?" - :
. "Burns," thundered Dad to his • fire
man, "give her steam, and quick, boy!
Dump In grease, waste, oil, everything!
Are you clear there?" he cried/opening
the throttle as he looked back.
The old engine, pulling clear of her
coaches, quivered as she gathered her
self under steam. She leaped ahead
with a swish. The drivers churned In
the sand, bit Into It with gritting tires,
and forged ahead with a suck and a
hiss and a roar. Before Reynolds had
fairly gathered his wits, Sinclair, leav
ing his train on the main track in front
of the depot, was clattering over the
switch after the runaways. The wind
was a terror, and they had too good
a start. But the way Soda- Water Sal
took the gait when she once felt her
feet under her made the wrinkled en
gineer at her throttle set his mouth
with the grimness of a gamester.'. It
meant the runaways— and catch them— ¦
or the ditch for Soda-Water Sal; "and
the throbbing old machine seemed to
know it. for her nose hung to the steel
like the snout of a pointer. • "
He was a man of a hundred even
then— Burns; but nobody knew it, then.
We hadn't thought much about Burns
DURING the weeks which have
passed since Mr. Carnegie'3 es
; tablishment of his hero fund in
stances have coma to light here
and there throughout the country of
persons deserving portions of the In
terest on the J5.000.000 which he has set
aside to reward the heroes of peace
rather than war. DouLUess as the
be a permanent guest under his roof.
Tet I have known men who have borna
even this trial with serenity, couraga
and trust in an all-wise, overruling
Providence.
What about the small army of per
sons who give up cherished plans and
strong ambitions for a home of their
own in order to take care of Infirm par
ents or other relatives who need not
only physical assistance, but cheerful
companionship day by day, who want
to be read to, talked to, amused, di
verted, who want some one else to be to
them sunshine or even life Itself. Wa
all know daughters who thus stand loy
ally by aging and sometimes aggravat
ing mothers, sons and younger brothers
who cheerfully take up a cross of this
sort. Their unpublished heroism de
serves as high praise as that of a man
who risks his, life to carry another per
son from a burning building. -
' Another group of unpublished hero
isms comprises those sacrifices mada
in order to give advantages to childGen
or to brothers and sisters. I know more
than one successful business man
whose mental poverty and social dis
abilities are due to the fact that ha
began in his early days to maks- his
own living, and before, ha was 20 to
take care of his younger brothers and
sisters. He went into the factory or
the warehouse that they might go to
college. He scrimped that they might
have money for tuition and books.- Ho
saw them growing In brain power,
while his crowded days left him no
opportunity to look within the covers
of a book. He is now past middle life.
Tet he S would not do differently were
he to live his life over again. He
knows the greatest of all joys, that of
pouring himself Into the life of an
other. No one speaks of him as a hero,
but he has been just that all thesa
years.
Tt" m Is something heroic, too, about
the man who retrieves his fortunes,
after having met with some great re
verses. It is easy to begin at the bot
tom of the hill when one Is young, but
when one has reached the time of life
of Mr. McKlnley when he suffered
financial disaster, Jx. takes a brava
heart to start all over agin. Tet men
all over this land are doing this thing
every day. They refuse to be dis
appointed and discouraged. They will
risk another venture, and whether they
win out or. not the mere fact that they
are ready to try with all their might
entitles them to a place amon* the
unbrevetted, unadorned heroes of the
race.
" Don't, In your search of heroes, look
exclusively at the ranks of policemen,
firemen, nurses, llfesavers. Many
among them' will In due time come In
for a share of Mr. Carnegie's benefi
cence. But open your eyes to the un
recorded heroisms of daily Ufa about
you, and If you want to be a hero"
yourself, do not wait in the hope of
seeing a runaway horse pome tearing:
down the street with a child In the car
riage, but begin to-day and meet your
responsibilities and bear your burdens
like a hero. Then you will not prov«
wanting wh.en some great test arise*
SOME UNPUBLISHED
HEROISMS
BY THE PARSON
IL
WHEN the great engine which
\tc called the Sky-Scraper
came out of the Zanesville
shops she was rebuilt from
pilot to tender.
Our master mechanic. Neighbor, had
in idea, after her terrific collision, that
the could not stand the heavy xnaln-
Jne jiassenger runs, so he put her ( on
Ihe Acton cut-off. It was what rail-
road men call a jerkwater run, what
ever that may be; a little jaunt of ten
3iiles across the divide connecting the
northern division with the Denver
item. It was just about like running a
trolley and the run was given to Dad
Sinclair, for after that lift at Oxford
bis back was never strong enough to
shovel coal, and he had to take an
tngir.e or Quit railroading.
Thus It happened that after many
years he took the throttle once more
and ran over, twice a day, as he does
>et, from Acton to Willow Creek.
His boy, Georgie Sinclair, tlje kid
Engineer, took the run on the Flyer
apposite Foley, just as soon as he got
Georfrie. who never was happy un
less he had eight or ten Pullmans be
hind him and the right of, wayi over
•verythir.g between Omaha and Den
ver, made great sport of his father's
littie s-moking-car and day-coach be
hhul the fcijr engine.
Foley made Fport of the remodeled
?nc;ij:t. He- used to stand by while
:hc old vncineer was oiling and asked
Trim whether he thought 6he could
catch a. jack rabbit. "I mean," Foley
tvouM say, "if the rabbit was feeling
t\e!l."
Dad Sinclair took it all grimly and
quietly; he had railroaded too long to
»are for anybody's chaff. But, on«
day. after the Sky-Scraper had gotten
her f.ues pretty well chalked up with
Rllcali, Foley insisted that she must be
renamed.
"1 have the only genuine sky-scraper
on the West End now myself," declared
Foley. He did have a new class H
engine, and she was awe-inspiring, in
truth. "I don't propose," he continued,
"to have her confused with your old
tub any longer, Dad."
Dad, oiling his old tub affectionately,
erswered never a word.
"She's full of soda, isn't she, father?"
asked Georgie. standing by.
"Reckon the is, my son."
"Full of water, I suppose?"
"Try to keep her that way, eon.**
"Sal-soda, isn't it. Dad?"
"N'ow, I can't say. As to that — I
can't say."
"We'll call her Sal Soda, Georgie,"
suggested Foley.
"No," interposed Georgie; "stop a
bit. I have it. Not Sal Soda at all
make It Soda-Water Sal."
Then they laughed uproariously; and
In the teeth of Dad Sinclair's protests
—for he objected at once and vigor
ously — the queer name stuck to the
engine and sticks yet.
To have seen the great hulking ma
rhlne you would never have suspected
there could be another story left In
her. Tet one there was; a story of the
Rind. As she stood, too, when old
man Sinclair took her on the Acton
run, the was the best Illustration I
have ever seen of the adage that one
ran never tell from the looks of a frog
bow far he will Jump.
Have you ever felt the wind? Not,
( think, unless you have lived on the
%fzs or the plains. People everywhere
think that the wind blows, but it really
blows only on the ocean and the
prairies.
The summer that Dad took the Acton
run It blew for a month steadily. All
of one August— hot. dry, merciless; the
jcppalr of the farmer and the terror
af trainmen.
It was an August evening, with the
gale still sweeping up from the south
west, that Dad came lumlerlng Into
Acton with his little trolley train. He
had barely pulled up at the platform
to unload his passengers when the sta
ti>m agent, Morris Reynolds, coatlese
and hatless, rushed up to the engine
ahead of the hostler and sprang into
the cab. Reynolds "¦was one of the
quietest fellows in the service. To see
him without a coat or hat didn't count
for much in such weather, but to see
him sallow with fright and almost
Epeechless was enough to stir even old
Dad Sinclair.
It was not Dad's habit to ask ques
tions, but he looked at the man in .
questioning amazement.* Reynolds
cheked and caught his breath, as he
seized the engineer's arm and pointed
down the line.
"Dad," he gasped, "three cars of
coal standing there on the second spur
blew loose a few minutes ago."
"Where are they?"
"Where are they? Blown through
the switch and down the line, forty,
miles an hour."
The old man grasped the frightened
man by the shoulder. "What do you
mean? How long ago? When «s it due?
Talk quick, man! What a the matter
•with you?*'
"Not five minutes ago. No..l is due
here-ia less than thirty minutes; they'll
east— that they caught them.
:A shout from Dad brought the drip
ping fireman up standing, and, look
ing ahead, he saw jn the blaze of
their own headlight the string of coal
ers standing still ahead of them. So
it "_ seemed to him, their own speed
was bo great,. and the runaways were
almost equallng.it, "They were
ing forty miles , an hour when- they
dashed past the paralyzed freight
crew.
Without "Raiting for .:' orders— what
orders dfd such a man need?— without
a.word.'Burns crawled "out of his win
dow with a ""pin- and ra8 forward on
the. footboard, clinging the- v best he
could, as the engine dipped and;lurch
ed, climbed- down on , the " cow-catcher
and lifted "the' pilot 'bar to couple. It
was a cfazy thing to attempt. He was
much likelier; to get; under the" pilot
than to succeed; yet he tried it.
- Then -it was that the fine hind of
Dad\Slnclalr came into play. To tem
per the : speed enough — and- just
enough; to push her nose enough and
far enough for Burns to make the ¦
draw-bar of. the runaway— that was
the nicety of the big, seamed hands on
maybe— the son and father, -and th»
father and son.
For brave men do get scared; don't
believe anything else. But between
the fright of a coward and the fright
of a brave man there is this difference:
the "» ward's scare is apparent before
the danger, that of the brave man after
it has passed; and Burns laughed with
a tremendous mirth "at th' two o* thim
a-jawln'," as he expressed it.
No man on the West End could turn
on his pins quicker than Georgia Sin
clair though, if his hastiness misled
him. When it all came clear ha climb
ed into the ild cab — the cab he him
self had once gone against death In—
and with stumbling words tried to
thank the tall Irishman, who still
laughed in the excitement of havins
won.
And when Neighbor, next day^
thoughtful and taciturn, heard It all.
he very carefully looked Soda-Water
Sal all over again.
"Dad." said he, when the boys got
through telling it for the last time,
"she's a better machine than I thought
she was." y i ¦„
"There isn't a better pulling your
coaches," maintained Dad Sinclair,
stoutly. ¦/->"•¦
"I'll put her on the main line, Dad,
and give you the 16S for the cut-off.
Eh?"
"The 168 will suit me. Neighbor; any
old tub — eh. Foley'" said Dad. turning
to the cheeky engineer, who had com*
up in time to hear most of the talk.
The old fellow had not forgotten Fo
ley's sneer at Soda -Water Sal when ha
rechristened her. But Foley. too, had
changed his mind and was ready to
give In.
"That's quite right. Dad." he ac
knowledged. "You can get more out
of any old tub on the division than
the rest of us fellows can get out of a
Baldwin consolidated. I mean it, too.
It's the best thing I ever heard of.
What are you going to do for Burns,
Neighbor?" asked Foley, with his us
ual assurance.
"I was* thinking I would give him
Soda- Water Sal, and put him on the
right side of the cab for a freight run.
I reckon he earned it last night."
In a few minutes Foley started off
to hunt up Burns.
"See here, Irish," said he. In his off
hand way, "next time you catch a
string of runaways just remember to
climb up the ladder and set your
brakes before you couple; it will save
a good deal of wear and tear on th»
pilot-bar— see? I hear you're going to
get a run: don't fall out the window
when you get over on the right."
And that's how Burns was mads an
engineer, and how Soda-Water Sal
was rescued from the disgrace of run
ning on the trolley.
With the Johnson bar over and the
drivers dancing a gallop backward;
with the sand striking fire and the rails
burning under it;, with the oldSky-
Scraper shivering again in a terrific
struggle and Burns twisting the heads
off the brake-rods; with every trick
of old Sinclair's cunning, and his boy
duplicating every one of them in the
cab of No. 1— still they came together.
It was too fearful a momentum, to
overcome, when minutes mean miles
and tons are reckoned by thousands.
They came together; but instead of
an appalling wreck— destruction and
death— it was only a bump. No. 1 had
the speed when thev met, and it was
a car of coal dumped a bit . sudden
and a nose on Georgie's engine like a
full-back's after a center rush. The
pilot doubled back into the ponies and
the headlight was scoured with nut,
pea and slack, but the stack was hard
ly bruised. ,
The minute they struck. Georgia Sin
clair, making fast, and, leaping from
his cab, ran forv.-ard In the dark, pant
ing with rase and excitement. Burns,
.torch in hand, was himself just Jump
ing «| down to set forward. His face
wore Us usual grin, even when Georgie
assailed him with a torrent of abuse.
"What do you mean, you red-headed
lubber?" he shouted, with much the
lungs of his father. "What are you
doinp: switching coal here on the main
line?" • "
. In fact. Georgie called the astonished
fireman everything he could think oi,
until his father, who was- blundering
forward on his side of the engine, hear
ing the voles/ turned and -ran -around
behind the tender to take a hand him
self.
"Mean?" he roared above the blow
of his safety. "Mean?" he bellowed
in the teeth of the wind. "Mean? Why,
you impudent, empty-headed, ungrate
ful rapscallion, what do you mean
;oming around, here to abuse a man
?hat's saved you and your train from
the scrap?"
-And !big Dick .Burns, standing by
with his torch, bur*st into an Irish
laugh, fairly doubled up before the
nonplused boy., and listened with
great Relish to the excited father and
son. It" was not hard to understand
Georgie's amazement and anger at
finding Soda- Water Sal behind three
cars of coal half way between stations
on the main line and on his time — and
that the fastest time on the division.
But what amused Burns most was to
see the Imperturbable old Dad pitching
into his ¦ boy - with as much spirit as
the young man himself showed.
It was because both men were scared
out of, their wits; scared over their
narrow escape from a frightful wreck;
from having each killed the other,
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALT1
the coal to the fire, the fire to the wa
ter, the water to the gauge, the gauge
to the ' stack, and back again to the
coal— that was Burns. Neither eyes nor
ears nor muscles for anything but
steam. > . ,'," . v u
Such a firing as the West End never
saw till that night; such a firing as the
old engine never felt In her choking
Hues till that night; such a firing*. as
Dad Sinclair! king of all West and
East End firemen, lifted/his hat to—
that was Burns' firing that^lght on
Soda Water Sal the night she chased
the , Acton runaway down \ the' line to
save Georgie Sinclair and No. l.\ .
3
SODA-WATER SAL"It ain't so preen, do," persisted the
tousled one. "Dere's mighty few
tings so green as grass. Do there is
some," he added, reflectively.
Middleton took this last remark as
a rejection on his own knowledge of
farming. So he indignantly ordered
the tousled boy to leave the barn. The
boy rlouched sulkily away, black
wrath in his heart.
But the bor's remark had suggested
an idea to Middleton.
Copyright 1904. by Edwin J. Webster
fy=?_. .'Z=H JDDLETON 1« * RreiU
I L^^KjriSP'^u believer in the influ
'''in'lv'^''' er.ee <if mlnJ over
!*S^7^1'l matter. But he is
1 HCin^ttr I doUDtful now far nis
1 %>lQtW»)H«| theor ' c s may be ap
| I^S-eSxSsSS ; P lied t0 farming. At
'¦¦caff-" ¦ ~ ~ts=ai leapt, where cows
are concerned.
When the familr moved to the sub
urbs Middleton determined to keep
a cov.-. Everything went well until
winter set in. when the cow, after the
manner of her kind, did not eive the
accustomed supply of milk. This con
duct of the cow's j:irred upon Middle
ton's business instincts. He consid
ered it yiure laziness. The tousled
headed boy whom he had hired to
look after the cow explained that it
wasn't bad-heartedness on the part of
the cow, but a lack of gross that was
responsible for the decrease in the
Middleton milk supply.
"But Fhe has plenty of hay," Mid
dleton objected. "And hay is just as
nourishing- as crass."
as grass. If she supposed she was
eating grass she would give as much
milk as before, even if her food sup
ply happened really to be hay."
"She may be a credulous cow," re
plied Mr?. Middleton in doubtful tones.
"But how even your flow of persuasive
words can make her believe hay is
gross is more than I can se?."
But Mrs. Middleton's incredulity did
not decrease her husband's ardor in
his plan for revolutionizing dairy
farming. The next morning Middle
ton went to an optician and left an
order for an unusually large pair of
plain, green glass spectacles. In the
afternoon, gloatinc over his scheme
for an increased milk supply, i he
marched triumphantly out to the barn.
Th° cow didn't seem to understand
why she should wear spectacles, as she
had never made. any complaint of fail
ing eyesight. But after a little .she
became somewhat recon
ciled to them. Middloton
kicked around some hay, <itiw$L,
so that it would look like
grass thrown on the floor /gggilff
of the barn. Then he
went back to the house
to explain more fully to -g||
Mrs. Middleton the benefits '™^
which- would accrue froni
his idea.
About an hour later the tousled
headed boy entered the barn. The
cow was eating the hay, but she cer
tainly was a much puzzled animal.
Her eyesight showed that it was
green and it looked like grass.
But it was dry and didn't
in the Jeast taste like grass.
By Martha. McC. Williams
HAND OF PROVIDENCE,
He took the spectacles from the
cow's nose, pushed out the . green
glasses and Inserted the red ones. He
replaced the red-glassed spectacles.
Then he hastily climbed Into the hay
mow and awaited developments.
When the crimson spectacles were
adjusted the cow's peace of mind In
stantly vanished. To the right, left,
and in front was to be seen only the
hated color— red. Her wrath was
stirred. She made a charge at the
crimson haymow. The only was
that she was thrown back, bruised and
baffled. She glanced around in
anxiety and terror, onlyjo find that all
the objects in the once familiar barn
were the same odious color. Then
she began a mad rush about the barn,
mooing with all the force of her lungs.
The tumult aroused Mlddleton, who
ran from the house and threw open
the barn door. But when the cow saw
a crimson man standing In the door
way, her terror changed to wrath.
Plainly, here was the cause of all her
troubles. She made a mad charg* at
Mlddleton. He side-stepped with an
agility which would have surprised his
business acquaintances. The cow was
unable to stop- and thundered through
the doorway. Then she turned and
prepared for a second charge. Just as
Mlddleton was planning precipitate
flight an unusuallly angry and vehe
ment shake of the cow's, head shook
off the glasses. Things once more re
sumed their natural color.
The cow stood for a moment, be
wildered at the sudden change in her
field of vision, then began to walk
slowly back to the barn, Mlddleton
saw that her rage was over, but was
puzzled to account for It at all.
"Green is the cojor of a good part
of the earth in summer time," he
mused. "I don't see why green spec
tacles should affect a cow with sud
den Insanity."
Then he saw the spectacles lying on
the ground. He picked them up. As
he did so he noticed the red glasses.
He understood what had happened.
"That young rascal must have
changed the glasses. If I catch him
I'll give him a lesson on the evils of
interfering with experiments in scien
tific farming that he'll remember the
rest of his life."
The tousled-headed boy. hidden in
the haymow, wisely gave no Indication
of his whereabouts. Mlddleton ad-
Justed the green glasses and tried to
replace them on the cow. But that
particular cow had had all she cared
for of spectacles of any sort, whether
provided with red or green glasses.
She shook her head In such, a threat
ening manner that Mlddleton finally
abandoned the attempt.
"A scientific experiment that might
have made a revolution In dairy farm
ing spoiled by the malice of & red
headed boy." he sighed as he trudged
back to the house.
"Cows ain't so fierce as bulls,"
thought the tousled one. "But dey
don't like red a bit better."
Now the tousled-headed boy still cher
ished feelings of wrath. When he saw
the spectacles on the cow he. gasped
with amazement.
"Blamed If dat guy ain't put glasses
on dat cow to make her think she 13
eating grass." he murmured.
Just then he happened -to slip nia
hand into one of hi* trousers pockets.
Among the usual treasures stowed
away. In a boy's • pocket his fingers
touched two pieces of glass. He drew
them out. They were red and rOCT
and with a little trouble might be
fitted Into the «rims of the spectacles
the cow was wearing. And into the
mind of the tousled one crept a sug
gestion of how he might have revenge
on Mlddleton and a little fun on his
own account. '•
>> t TELL yo', gal— I tell yo' I'd
I rather see yo' dead_ twice over
J[ than- Jlned to Abe Taylor.
Befo' I would see it cum about,
. I'd kill one or t'other of yo'
with my own hand. Whar's yo'r pride?
Whar's yo'r shame? Whar's the re
spect yo' owe yo'r dead mother? If yo'
was Jlned up to Abe Taylor d'ye reckon
me an' yo'r brother Bill could hang
around yere agin what folks would
say? D'ye think we could look our
nayburs In the face arter that?
High up on the side of the grim old
mountain, father and daughter sat on
the steps of an humble log cabin .on a
summer's afternoon. He was a man of
fifty, loose-jointed and a typical moun
taineer; she was a girl of nineteen.
"An' why?" she finally asked.
"An'- why?" he fiercely repeated as
his eyes flashed.- "If yo' don't know
why then yo' ar' no gal' o' mine!
Heven't I b}n tellin'. yo* why ever since
yo' was able to understand .things?
Wasn't yo' ten y'ars old when I brung
home the dead, body of yo'r brother
Jim? Wasn't yo'fo'teen when I cum
crawlin' home with two bullets In my
body? Wasn't yo* sixteen, an' slttin*
right . yere on this spot when a bullet
flred from the thicket over' thar*
knocked my cap Into yo'r face? Yo* re
member all these things, Mary— yo'
heven't forgot— an' then yo' ask me
why yo 1 an' Abe Taylor can't Jlne up.
Lawd,. gal, but I wouldn't be mo' aston
ished if yo' struck me a blow in the
face!"
"See yere, pop," said the girl, as she
straightened up, clasped her hands
over her knee and looked away Into
the laurels, "Twenty years ago, befo'
I was bo'n, yo' got up a fuss with the
Taylors." ¦ ,'
"They dun got up a fuss with me,
gal."
"Well, there was a fuss. It was
about a mewl or a hawg or suntbin*.
The Taylors an' the Renfrews went to
killin'. Yo', dun for the old man."
"Yes, by , I did!"
"An* then one. of his boys dun. for
our Jim?' .„. ¦
"Shot our Jim down like a dawg an'
never gin him no show!" ..
"An* then our Bill dun for one o'
them." . •-.' •
"He did, an' I'm mighty proud o*
him."
"It would give me mooch thangks,"
said Cherries. Then Into her cheeks
came a flush such as Sewall had seen
when he gave her the name.
So that is how Arthur Sewall. writer
of . fiction, came to win his Japanese
bride. '
The next day Sewall gave the tea
at the hotel. His mother had arrived,
and Cherries and the sisters and the
Consul and his wife and a lot of other
Americans were there.
Sewall presented Cherries to the
mother. The "great woman" raised
her lorgnette and regarded the little
girl critically.
"Beautiful!" she exclaimed. "Why
don't you marry her, my boy, and take
her to New York?" She spoke play
fully in English.
"But what was It, that the Honor
able Great Woman was pleased to
say?" asked Cherries.
"She asked why X didn't marry you
— you be my wife, you know." said
Sewall. "Will you?" And his voice
was earnest.
"I am very glad to see you again."
said Sewall. gently. Though in his
heart he wanted to say, "I have want
ed to see you all these weeks."
"Yaes?" said Cherries.
"Yes," said Bewail, as he sat down
on the ground beside her.
And then he told her how his moth
er was coming out from America, and
how she was a very great woman.
"Blgger'n thaet?" said Cherries,
stretching her arms out as far as they
would go. '„:. ,V,
"WeH. no." replied SewalL Hardly
that big, but I mean that she is a great
woman because she is president of a
lot of societies, and she writes books
and reads papers at clu>>3— and all that
sort of thing."
TCe-us," aaid Cherries— and that was
as near as she ever came to saying
"yes."
"And now," continued Bewail, "I
want you to meet my mother. She will
be here to-morrow, and I am to give
a little tea for her at the hotel. Will
you and the sisters come?
"It gives me mooch thangks. Most
Honorable Yellow Hair," said Cherries
as she bowed low and showed the most
marvejously beautiful neck, and the
unusual little curls that clustered at
the back. JEWS
/ -^ The girl ,was 'silent' for. a moment,
rocking to -and fro. Then, In the
same culet, even voice, she said: .
"A quarrel lastin' twenty y'ars an'
three or fo' killin's bekase yo' an* the
old man Taylor fell out like two boys!
Yo*ve carried murder in yo'r heart all
these y'ars, an* it's thar' ylt. It' might
hev bin so with" the Taylors once, but
yo' know ; they've wanted peace for
five y'ars past." .
"Bekase they ar* cowards, gall"
"Bekase they've got sense, pop.
They can't see. that the game Is wuth
the candle. . a y'ar ago I met Abe
Taylor over at Bridge Cove. I knowed
him on sight, and he knowed me. We
knowed that, we orter hate each other
like pizun, . bekase of the quarrels an'
killlns' but sumhow 'twas Jest the
other way. We see each other agin
an' agin, . an* we liked each other bet
ter an' better every time. Abe has
bin for makln* friends, an* so hev I.
We 'uns didn't «tart the quarrel. W«
•uns can't feel that these shootin's and
killin's ,; Is ' right. Bimeby. me an* Abe
falls in love an' would git married, but
yo' an' ( ; Bill stand in the road. Yo'
ar' my pep an* Bill is my brother, but
rnrtellln' yo' straight that Abe Tay
lor-is as squar" and white as either
one of : yo', an' he's got a' heap less
murder ; in his heart. ¦ '• ' I'm lo vin* him,
pop— lovln' him well r 'nuff to be his
wife an' do all a wife kin do, but when
he wanted me to run | away with him
—wanted It bekase yo 1 stood ready for
mcr' killlns— I • wouldn't agree. I said
I'd; come an* tell yo' all about it an'
hear what yo'. had to ; say. I've. told
yo', an' what answer hev I got?" ;
"You've got my . answer that : I'll
shoot Abe .Taytor. on sight!"- shouted
the father in fierce tone's. "Yes, gal,
if yo' was his wlf e . ten times over I'd
shoot him down. I wasn't 'spectin'
this treachery from yo', Mary. I've
"That's -it, gal. One o* them var
mints ambushed me an', put two bul
lets into my body, an', the lead's thar'
ylt. J I've been waltin' a hull y'ar to
ambush a Taylor In return, but the
durned cowards ar' as cunnin' as
foxes. .The chance will cum, though
—it will shorely cum. Mo'n Bill will
never rest easy as long as thar's a
Taylor left livin', an', thank God,
thar's only two of 'em dodgln". avoun'
on top of alrth." :: .'
"An* then you git almost dun for."
By Hartley Willard
CHERRIES
By John Bridges
And so that was the meeting of Se
wall and the little woman whom he
called Cherries.
Sewall was a writer of fiction. Ela
friends said he wrote the "fietlonest**
kind of fiction— the kind that doesn't
sell— but somehow he bad managed to
get a book published and the sales had
given him a royalty which he re
ligiously saved In order that he might
go to Japan.
From that day Sewall seemed to
see her everywhere. In the celebra
tions in the garden and In the tea
places where he went for refreshment
there was always the vision of the
little girl be had seen in the day when
the cherries blossomed in the groves.
But it was not in her physical being
that he saw her, for after that first
day he could find her nowhere. He
simply dreamed of her— and, "Cher
ries" came to be a word that stood
out on every page of the white paper
upon which he tried to. write his Im
pressions of Japan.
Who she was, he did not know. The
American Consul had presented him
to her, and the American Consul had
gone away to Kobe on a mission, so
Sewall could not ask him the name of
the girl who had x charmed him out of
his day's work.
But one day, after two weeks
which had seemed as many years to
Sewall, he found her in the gardens
with her sisters, playing with the
paints and the brushes, painting cher
ry blossoms oh a dainty screen. He
approached and she recognized him
instantly.
"Most August Yellow Hair," she
said, -"it is of pleasantness that my
miserable vision Is . greeted with thy
sight." i
THE day he landed in Japan he
found her In the groves at Ya
mato, when there was celebration
for the coming: of the blossom
which Is worshiped in th« April
weather— the blossom of the cherry.
Sewall thought there was only one
name for her and though his vocabu
lary was indistinct and incomplete, ha
managed to make her understand that
he would call her "Cherries."
"Honorable Yellow Hair," she said,
falling Into his mood, "it thangks me,
yaes."
(Copyright, 1904. by H. P. Taker.)
bin father and mother to yo' these
many years, an' I'd never believed that
yo' would throw yo'r own pop <oyer
an* side agin him. Yo' couldn't git
Eill to do' it— no, not if yo' would offer
him all the land 'twixt yere and the
river." J • i
."I can never make yo' understand,
sighed the girl.' "I love yo' as my
pop, and I'm grateful for all yo'r kind
nesses, but don't yo' see that I can't
pick up this old quarrel an' hate as yo'
do an 1 * feel yo'r feelina for revenge?
It's the same with Abe. He wants
peace and friendliness. Together we
want a weddin' an* cabin home. I
said Abe Taylor is a squar*. man^ If
he wasn't would he dun agree to cum
over yere this evenin' an' hold out his
hand to yo' an' ask yo' to bury, the
past?"
"Abe Taylor comin' over yere?"
asked the father In a voice hardly
above a whisper.
"I'm lookln' for him every mlnlL"
The father rose and entered the
house and took down his loaded rifle,
and when he sat down on the steps
again the weapon lay across his knees.
"Is It for Abe?" asked the girl.
' "For, shore. I'll shoot him dead In
his tracks!" '
"Then yo' ar* a coward, an* I'm no
kin to yo'!" •
For a minute they looked Into each
other's eyes— his showing the darkest
passions — hers revealing contempt —
and then they turned their heads.
Thus they sat for ten minutes without
further speech and the westering sun
sunk to the treetops and blazed full
in their faces and half blinded them.
A sudden step caught their ears and
both turned their heads to the right.
"Abe!" gasped the girl.
"I'll kill him!" growled the man.
Some one turned the corner of. the
house and stood in the full blaze of
the sunset The old, man lifted his
rifle and fired over the girl's. shoulder
before she could raise a hand to pre
vent. For a minute a smoke cloud
hung, low and obscured the body on
the* ground. Then the girl said quietly:
r'.'Pop, you've killed a. man,. but it's
yo'r own son Bill!"
The \ old . man- staggered over and
knelt beside the body, and as he knelt,
his face drawn and haggard and his
breathing whistling in his throat, a
young man turned in from the road
and halted close beside the glrL
"Pop .though^ it was you'!" whis
pered the girl.
Abe nodded his head.
. "Walt .till I bundle my things and
we'll go."
SHADOWS
Mr. Byram had come there exploring
— he felt the need of a wife rather
than the want of one. Bess, who was
tall and twenty, and the very moral of
gracious statellness when she chose
to be, had captivated him out of hand.
Ending- in a feint of flinging Jemmy
upon the open fire. Amelia Improved
tht opportunity to pull her brother's
hair until he howled. They were
twins, and pretty badly spoiled, as
was but natural, since they had grown
up motherless In their grandfather's
house.
•TO swing rou by your legs, Prudy,
when I'm a man; you see If I don't."
Jemmy said, trying to scowl, but grin
ning in spite of himself. Tom Rod
man picked the boy up and flung him
across his shoulder, sayi-7 gravely:
"I hate to do it, bat there's nothing
else tor It. Jemmy, I've been tellin'
you this ever so long I'd carry you
to the gypsies If you did not behave
better. Stop wriggling. You can't
get away. But I'll let you kiss 'Mella
and t"he others good-by. Be quick!
You won't ever see them again."
"Kiss 'em all yourself. That's what
you're after." Jemmy the astute piped
huskily, as Tom carried him close to
Aunty Bess. His arms 'were free;
Impishly be laid hold of the two heads
and yanked them together, locking his
hands behind the two necks and hold-
Ing them tight, laughing uproariously
all the while. Tom was a gallant fel
low; he could' do no less than kiss
Bess. If all his heart did belong to
Eweet Miss Prue. And just as he kiss
ed her, who should come in but Mr.
Byram, the rich distant cousin, who
had been for three weeks a guest at
Fairlaw.
" 'Benjamin the Blatant/ Tom Rod
man calls him, ' Bess began, Btill plain
tive. Jemmy came charging at her
with Amelia hot upon his heels, and
shouting: "You hush. Aunty Bess!
You wanter lose me my pony! Mister
Byram Bays he'll give me a Shetland if
I don't let nobody say a word against
him in this house."
"I b'leeve he wants Jem to flcht with
Mister Tom Rodman," Amelia inter
rupted sagely, her head the least bit
aside, "And I ain't goin' to help him
there," ehe added pointedly. " 'Cause
Mister Tom eays I'm his sweetheart
he's goin' to wait for me to grow up.
He thinks I'm a heap prettier*n Aunty
Bess right now." :/>«
"How about me?" Prue asked. eIk
tlir.g more than ever. Amelia looked
reflectively, but Jemmy stuck his hands
in his pockets, set his feet far apart,
and said, sticking out his chin after the
manner of his model, Benjamin Byram:
"Why, Prudy, you know nobody will
ever look at you, so long as Aunty Bess
and 'Mella are around,"
"Won't they. Indeed?" Prue queried.
drawing down the corners of her mouth
meekly, although her eyes twinkled.
Jemmy swung on his heel, saying
magisterially: "Course not. Why
you're all freckled same as a turkey
•rc. and haven't hardly got meat
enough to wrap up your long bones."
•*TJpon my soul! Bay, Miss Prue,
shall I take him out and drown him?"
Tom Rodman asked, coming through
the door as he cpoke. But Jemmy
only grinned at him— Jemmy was nine
and Prue eighteen. They were the
beit of comrades, despite his brutal
frankness. Prue made a dash at him,
•tood him upon his head, then swung
blm by an arm and a leg, chanting:
Tier* b» ccei! Flartn tafl toes!
Vp tfct cblmwy when th» wind blom.
> EMMY was explaining to Amelia:
I 'This is the way you make a hor
\ tus siccus — you get a big book
q) with no printin* in it. and then
paste it full of weeds and flowers
and prass and little bits of bushes but
you have to dry, dry, dry 'em — siccus is
Latin for just as dry as a bone.\
"I wonder, could we put in Benjamin
Byram. esquire?" Bess speculated
plaintively. "Heaven knows he's dry
enough just as he 'stands. Then think
of the relief, if he was once where you
could chut him up and off at will."
Prue giggled outright "He does talk
thirteen to the dozen." 6he said. "But
who wouldn't, with all his chance? T
Nature made him a fool of the first
water, and Fate chipped in by Kivins
him a fortune, and a doting family." .
'.'Ladies and gentlemen, . good-by,"
Mr. Byram began In his most ceremo
nious voice. He got no further. Jem
my went at him like a catapult, bowled
him down and out of the door, only
stopping when his enemy lay pros
trate upon the hall threshold. There
the grown-ups came to the rescue, and
so managed it that Mr. Byram went off
an hour later, somewhat bruised in his
person and self-esteem, but as to his
outer man, whole and speckless. When
the carriage rolled , -away with him,
Tom Rodman drew a long, breath, and
said, as he. tossed a foreign letter to
Bees: "Your sweetheart Is comin'
home by the next steamer; had a cable
this mornlnV You sec, I have - been
writing him things. He trill agree with
me and the late Byram that in all this
there is unmistakably the hand of
Providence." . , ,
"Indeed!" Mr. Byram exploded.
"With my coining, I suppose, for a text.
Well, young ladies; I see in all this the
hand of Providence. A 'Just and ever
watchful God would .notiPermit me to
fall victim to your, mercenary' designs.
No doubt you were -> tetnpted by my
wealth and position, although you are
so wholly Incapable or appreciating a
man of my character—','
"Kindly come outside with me be
fore you say any more," Tom Rodman
Interrupted, setting Jemmy down with
a thump and putting himself in front
of Bess, who had grown very white
and had eyes of scorching flame. Prue,
contrariwise, had flushed so scarlet It
hid all her freckles. Tom reached a
hand to her and drew- her toward him,
while be went on steadily: "Your
talk needs a man to hear and answer
It. I'm that man. Bess and Prue' have
no brother, and Mr. Fairlie is past
flghtin' age. But Prue belongs to me,
and that gives me the right to stand
up for 'em. So you come along! We'll
settle this the minute we strike the
turnpike and neutral ground."
"Hush, Tom! Remember he's our
guest!" Bess pleaded. Prue gave her
sweetheart a roguish and heavenly
smile. Amelia looked fit to cry over
the toppling of her aircastle, but
Jemmy turned a handspring by way of
showing his Joy In the "melley." As
he came up standing, be stepped In
front of Byram, swelled out his chest
and said, stoutly:
"Don't you try no crawfish games!
You know you wanted to marry Aunty
Bess! You told me bo, and said I
must court her for you. I ain't very
big, but If you try to go back on her
I'll let you know I can shoot my little
gun— and that's more than you can do.
We won't have a regular duel, like
grandpa tells about. Let's try a buttin'
match instead, and if I butt you over,
like David did Goliath, you'll propose
to Aunty Bess same as ever and gimme
that Shetland you been talkta' so much
about." ••¦¦:. . 'L --¦'¦
He would have proposed to her the
second day of his visit, never doubting
what answer she would make, but that
his sense of propriety forbade. Be
sides, it would not do to dazzle her
too suddenly — he must let the great
prospects break gently u?on her, as
dawn broke over the 'world. So he
had been nobly impartial in his de
voirs—so much so he had twinges of
conscience whenever he thought of
Prue. She was hardly more than a
schoolgirl, to be sure, but quite mature
enough to break her heart over loss of
him, if she once let herself seriously
believe she had a chance of being Mrs.
Byram.
Of Tom Rodman he had taken no
/nore account than to set him down
as an Impertinent puppy with a knack
of coming in at all hours— especially
when Mr. Byram least expected or
wanted him. To discover him kissing
Bess in -the face of everybody made
Benjamin the Blatant simply furious.
All the more furious that Jemmy cried
out gleefully: "Mr. Byram! Mister
Byram! Come help me hold 'em. They
tried to skeer me, but I'm beatin' 'em
at their own game."
"Let loose, you little varmint! Shut
up!" Tom commanded. Prue made a
dash at the tangle and deftly un
twined Jemmy's fingers, letting Bess
escape. Mr. Byram stood speechless in
wrath and amazement, until Amelia,
sidling up to him, slid her hand within
his and said, with the least toss of the
head: "They ain't behavin' ugly —
Mister Tom will be Aunty Bess'
nephew when he marries me— and the
Fairies always Was their kinfolk, if
they ain't too far off and. great big
stuffs into the bargain — Prue and
Aunty Bess said so the first night you
came."
THE SAN/ FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL'.
••It's ail imagination on th-e part <5f
that cow to think hay is not as good
THE CRIMSON VISIONEDwaa the reason. Rob, with his eyes in
his plate and a general Ur of dreams,
smiled, end waited prudently for the
Btorm to gather or blow over. But
lightning struck him when he was least
prepared for it. Mldmeal his father
turned square upon him, growling out:
"Whereabouts in your travels ma you
leave your manners and your senses?
I think you had better go back and try
to find them."
"What's the row, governor?" Rob
demanded innocently. The major ex
ploded: . .
"That's what I'd like to know.
There must be a row between you and
Jean Bascom— last night you hardly
were civil to her, but went tagging
around after that Clayton creature."
"There's the Bascom temper — I'm
afraid it's , hereditary— besides. Elsie
Clayton says she would permit the
minister to leave obey in. the marriage
service," 'Rob began. -
His father cut him short. "If mat
ters have gone as far as that," he said,
"Just you listen -to .this. Unless you
marry to. «uit me you'll find that my
will ties up things as tight as that old
simpleton, Jimmy Jackson, tried to tie
up all he left " - •, ¦-,..
"Why, I thought you disbelieved in
the will," Rob interrupted.
His 'father, turned redder than ever,
but went on, pounding the table hard
between words. "Yes, sir, .your/ wife
must please me; or you'll * have ' hard
sledding. Elsie Clayton, indeed! Look
at • your ; mother, sir, and be properly
ashamed of your taste." ¦ .
"I have nothing against Jean Bas
com," Rob began Judicially. "But she
is taken up with Ben Lloyd. Then, too,
she evidently takes her father's side-
Just as I have taken yours— —"
"You'll have an excellent ¦ chance to
do it — if you say sweet things to Elsie
Clayton," Jean said. "But it's differ
ent with me— I don't know a soul I
would dare to propose to — "¦
"I know several who are simply dy
ing for a chance to propose to you
though," Rob said gallantly, . playing
pigs-went-to-market with her fingers.
Aunt Mary tried to look scandalized,
but ended by laughing heartily. Jean
drew down the, corners of her mouth,
and pretended to sigh, asking: "Where
shall I find them, RobDy, dear? I am
simply pining to say 'Yes!' and
"Thanky* to somebody." >
"There's no time like the present—
and you have never accepted me out
right," Rob retorted. "But at ¦ the
party you are to smile your sweetest
on Ben Lloyd— and Ben only. I know
lt'B pretty tough on him— but he has
promised not to mind.- Seeing he
can't have you himself, he's ready to
do a man's part to help you get me."
Then the three fell • talking all at'
once. It was late afternoon when
Rob went home, humming a love tune,
and smiling as he rode along.
The Hymes party turnec 1 out to be
far and away the grandest Hopewell
neighborhood had ever seen. . Notwith
standing, Major Hymes. got up the
morning after with a 'sense of aching
loss. He sighed all through dressing,
and at breakfast swore because there
were no waffles, only biscuit,' muffins
and battercakes. At least he said that
father thinks my main reason for be
ing 1b to give him a chance of calling
you daughter. To bring them to their
senses, we must' pretend not only to
have taken up their quarrel, but that
we are going to marry somebody
else." ,
marry aomehew— they have no money
to apeak of, and can't well do any
thing else." •
"I wish you couldn't do anything
else — may be then you wouldn't hold
your head bo high you never Bee me,"
somebody said through the open win
dow. It waa Rob Hymes, who had
been eavesdropping these last three
minutes. He went straight to Aunt
Mary, kissed her handsomely, and
patted her hand, then turned reproach
ful eyes on Jean.
"If you think mother and I mean
to be drawn into this absurd quarrel,
you clearly don't know the sort of folk
we are. The case is Just this — unless
you say you'll come, there won't be
any party " -
"Why, Rob, I'd love to — but how
can I, with our fathers glaring and
breathing out threatenlngs whenever
they think of - each > other ?" Jean
wailed. '
Rob snapped his fingers. "That for
all their rows," he said. "I hate to
seem wanting Jn respect to my elders
and betters, neighborhood . dignitaries,
too— but Squire John Bascom -.and
Henry. Hymes are a pair of spoiled
children in spite of gray hairs, and
need to be disciplined accordingly."
"Who's going to-do itr*
Rob dropped his eyes and answered
meekly: "I propose to be a humble
instrument in the hands of Divine
Providence — and the Claytons."
Rob filliped them delicately, then'
went on: "We all know those old gen
tlemen have agreed ever since we two
were born that , we were torn on pur
pose for each other. Indeed, my
(Copyright. 1M«, by Martha McCul
loca-Williams.)
a a Y THINK there ought to be a
I law against making wills," Jean
J[ Bald half tearfully.
"So do I — almost," Aunt
Mary answered with a lLttle sigh.
Thereat Jean began to laugh, a
whimsical, bubbling peal, good to
hear.
"If it was any other time I
ehouldn't mind — not so very much,"
unt Mary protested. "I'm bound to
say It for your father, my brother
John, he's as peaceable as can be un
til he's crowded real hard. I know
he wouldn't ever have gone out of his
way to quarrel with Major Hymes —
but knowing poor, old Uncle Jimmy
Jackson as he did, he was bound to
stand up for that -will— It only said
what the old man had told him over
and over and over——"
"1 know," Jean interrupted, then
with a laugh: "I know, too, Aunty
darling, you're distressed, because I
shall be left out of the Hymes party.
I do want to go— dreadfully. Not so
much on account of Rob Hymes him
self, as to see who— all else is there —
end what the Claytons will do to get
a beau apiece "
"H-m! I betieve you'd like to have
a few beaux yourself, miss," Aunt
Mary retorted. Jean smiled and
nodded.
"But I wouldn't go gunning for
them, Clayton fashion — not If I grew
to the ivalL But they are bound to
"Then you're a tool for your pains,
air," the Major fairly shouted. "Of
course, she takes her father's side
that's the natural, the right thing for
a woman. But you — if you were half
a man, you would have shown her
that you two had nothing to do with
the case. You must be bewitched
with the Clayton fried-egj eyes."
"Not particularly," Rob Bald, maak
lng a laugh with a fit ' of coughing.
"But I did make up to Jean — far
enough to find out Bhe would have
nothing to say to me — not unless you
apologized 4 to the Squire, which I
knew was out of ' the question."
"Indeed! You' had better not know
so much." Major Hymes said wlth
erlngly. "But If that's the hitch, why
it's mighty . easy . straightened. Come
along with' me, sir! By George, it
makes me think more than ever ot
Jean. If she sticks up this way for
her father, what won't Bhe do for a
husband or a son?"
Five minutes afterward they were
galloping, together toward the Bascom
place. As luck would have It, Squire
Bascom met them Just inside the gate.
Major Hymes did not wait for a word
of welcome— twenty yards off> he
roared out:; ''Say, John Bascom! I've
come to beg your pardon, and ask you
for your daughter.- Give 'em to me — ¦
quick, else I'll be making a fool will
for other; folks to quarrel over."
"I reckon I've -'a right to ask your
pardon, Major,"-. Squire Bascom said,
smiling and. holding out his hand.
"But the daughter— there you've got
me where the wool's short — I can't
Bpeak for her."
"Oh! All - we -want Is a.' chance to
have her speak for herself," the Major
answered. f . .. • ¦ ••
. Rob smiled to hear him. Down in
his heart he knew what Jean .would
say.
By Martha McC. Williams
A WILL AND A WAY
"Ha!" In a moment he was there be
fore them, smiling and bowing, a span-
quick-action grooms spread out a bril
iiant carpet star; and two others, red
faced and with straining arms and
shoulders doubled over, brought on the
plaything of the giant.
When the day came for the final test
It waa the man who was unnerved and
pale. The girl to whom that day would
bring the glorious boon of sight or th,e
doom to hopeless darkness seemed en
dowed with a high, calm -courage, that
would have won the respect of a sol
dier.
When the eyes were free Bhe neither
moved nor spoke, \ noV gave a : sign of
any consciousness of . change. With
Jaws set close and hard, lest he betray
the awful • fear that made him weak
and faint, Thornton adjusted the test
ing Instrument— a quick second of sick
ening suspense— then he laid it aside,
and for. a while neither spoke.
"I have failed. Miss Langdon," he
said at last— "failed."
His voice was quite calm, but it was
the calmness of despair. .
Still Thalia did not speak.
(Copyright, 1904, by Otho B. Senga.)
DR. THORNTON, a successful
specialist in serious ocular dis
eases, was puzzling over a most
unusual case in which he felt
baffled and dismayed. He wrote to the
celebrated oculist, Dr. Forrest, describ
ing the case, and asking for advice.
The learned doctor approved the
younger \ physician's diagnosis and
made many valuable suggestions, urg
ing a month's preliminary treatment to
prepare the nervous system for the
shock that would Inevitably follow.
His letter closed: "But my dear
Thornton, don't delude yourself or your
patient. After infancy there isn't one
chance in a million. Still, the fluid ap
plication, though painful, cannot harm
—and there may be a miracle. Success
would be a miracle, and you must pre
pare yourself and the patient for fail
ure." '
Thornton felt bound to read this to
Miss Langdon. She was ?3 or 24, and
had been blind since early childhood.
Her face paled, but she spoke brave
ly. "Even the millionth chance is
worth trying. Failure brings nothing
that I do not already know." < '. .
Miss Langdon and her young brother
Philip lived alone, except for the ser
vants, in the great, gloomy mansion on
the ancient Langdon estate, and dur
ing the month of "probation, as Tha
lia laughingly termed it, Thornton waa
a frequent caller.
From their first meeting Thornton
had felt the charm of Thalia's pres
ence. She had none of the pathetic
pensiveness that Is so often the accom
paniment of blindness. She was win-
Bomely bright and cheery, and her wit
was like flashing steel. •
After the necessary explanations
were made the approaching experiment
was not mentioned until the day came
for the first trial. The application of
the fluid used In the eyes was like
pouring hot oil Into an open wound,
but Thalia made no sound nor uttered
a word of protest.
As he bandaged the eyes Dr. Thorn
ton said pityingly, "This must be borne
twice more. Miss Langdon. Will your
courage hold out?"
"It will be as nothing if I can only
see," she whispered.
She was trembling violently, and
Thornton waa conscious of a sudden
tumult of emotions such aa he never
before had experienced. *
Before this he had. thought aolaly of
the fame he would win by success In a
case bo unusual. Now the thought of
what the girl must endure waa torture
to him, and worse than that waa the
wretched uncertainty of the result. She
was no longer a "case." She waa the
"one woman." He knew ltl
"When this la over." he resolved, "1
will tell her— if I succeed—"
When the bandages were removed a
week later and the eyes submitted to
the required test his heart sank, for he
saw there was no apparent change.
Thalia did not speak, but the unuttered
question of her eager face and tense
listening attitude struck a sharp pang
through his heart.
"You know," he said gently, "that I
can give you no assurance until I re
move the bandage after the third ap
plication."
fit is only two weeks more, she
sighed. "I can wait."
"Do not grieve bo," the sweet role©
said gently, "I do not mind so very
much. And no one need know that
you have failed— no one need know
that you tried — "
"Don't, Thalia," ha cried hoarsely,
"you make me despise myself."
Then, at the sight of the pathetlo
figure, and the thought of the brave
spirit that strove to forget Its own
hurt and to comfort him, the- love he
had meant to offer with success rose
above the barrier of failure, and ho
came quickly to her side.
"Thalia." he whispered, "will you
let me take care of you— always?
Will you be my wife, Thalia?"
Her Blight form trembled under the
tender touch of hla hand, but she did
not speak. Instead, she put her deli
cate, sensitive fingers up to his face,
and touched him gently on the eyes
and chin and mouth. Thornton knew
that she was readlne his face with her
fingers, as her eyes might have read
it had sight been given her, and he-,
held himself in firm control, fearing
he might frighten her with his agony
of love and longing.
The sweet flush faded from her face.
she pushed him gently from her, and.
turned away, saying coldly, "Tou ask
impossibilities. Doctor Thornton."
She called softly for Philip, and la
obedience to her Impassioned gsstxxre
her brother led bar from th» room.
"It is all over, dear Philip," she said
In response to his anxious questioning.
"1 shall never see. Oh. don't. Philip— I
don't mind. There are worse things
than blindness!" ¦¦'/.:*
She sank wearily noon a couch. say-
Ing to herself bitterly, "I would rather
my eyes were blind than to be so blind
in the heart. Did he think a woman
would be content with pity?"
Philip turned Impetuously to the In
ner room. -He could not believe that
success had been withheld, that all
hope was gone. How could Dr. Thorn-,
ton— but the hot reproaches of his
heart died upon his lips at the sight of
the doctor, sitting with bowed should
ers, his face buried in his hands. Great,
noiseless sobs shook his frame, but he
raised his head and tried to smile aa
he said. "Don't mind me, Philip; and
go away, plraae. You cannot under
stand."
But Philip did understand.
"You've killed him, Thalia," he cried
tragically, rushing to his sister's side.
"You might have known he couldn't
help loving you!"
"No. Philip," said Thalia, sadly, "he
only pities me because I am blind and
because he cannot help me."
"Go In there now, Thalia," pleaded
Philip, passionately, "and you will
know. He seems like a man who has
been stabbed, and to his death!"
His words and voice carried, convic
tion. Thalia rose.
"Will you take me back to him,
Philip?"
Thornton felt a gentle touch on his
shoulder, and ThaMa stood beside him.
her beautiful face transfigured with
love and gladness. The eyes of the soul
had been opened, even though physical
vision were still denied.
¦ "I thought It was because you pitied
me," she said softly.- "and I did not
want pity, I wanted—" She stopped
and whispered a word in his ear. and
John Thornton took her In his arms,
with a heart too full for aught save si
lence.
He sank Into a chair, and taxed de
spairingly upon the exquisite face.
Was It fancy, a trick of his over
wrought nerves— thla clear light of love
and tenderness that shone in the beau
tiful eyes and touched the tremulous
lips with gladness?
"Thalia," he cried, springing t» his
feet, "you can see! You see me now.
Tell me that you do! I cannot be
lieve that you do not see my face as
your eyes meet mine!" • .
The brave lips quivered, as she an
swered slowly and sadly, "No, Doctor
Thornton, I cannot see. It Is all Just
as it was before— night, black night!"
Thornton groaned aloud.
"There is no hope then, now or
ever! I have failed— I have failed!"
The utter hopelessness of his despair-
Ing cry bore to Thalia's heart a bitter
ness deeper than her own sorrow. She
rose from her seat as if she would go
to him.
By Otho B. Senga
DOCTOR THORNTON'S
FAILURE
But now it was number eight on tha
programme, and all eyes were focused
on the performers' entrance.
"Hercules, Hercules!" The excited
whisper gathered force and chased
along and up and down the tiers. Jaun
tily the manager advanced and made a
brief announcement. -Two blue-coated,
understand, I understand, Ma'amselle.
To-night you must answer 'Oul,' or he
will drop the dead-weight from his
teeth when you hang below!"
"Pierrot, Pierrot!" she cried, "I can
not, I will not perform to-night! See
see—I tremble; I could not stand; I
could not ride Comanche Bill. I must
beg off. I am sick. I— I will tell the
manager!"
"Ma'amselle! No, no, Ma'amselle,
one moment, one moment!" cautioned
Pierrot, detaining her, and pressing his
hand against the crimson diamond on
his forehead.
"But Pierrot. Pierrot," she Insisted,
"I must, I must. I—!"
"Non, non, Ma'amselle, you must
not!" he whispered. "I have it, Pier
rot has it!" And again he glanced In
tently at the programme. "Blen, blen,
I have It! In number seven you ride
Comanche Bill. Hide him, Ma'am
sell. Pirouette! Jump.! Jump through
the drum; I hold it, Ma'amselle. Look,
number seven, 'Mirabeau on Coman
che.' Bah. beg off? Non, non. trust
Pierrot. Have no fear. You will not
swing from Hercules' weight!".
"But. Pierrot, how? How? You must
tell me!" n
Ting-ting— ting-ting-tlng!
"Second bell, Ma'amselle," he In
terrupted, "second bell!" and grasping
the curtains he peeped through the
faded fringe. "Ah, the tiers, thev are
black with people, black, Ma'amselle!
There is no time, no time to tell..
Trust Pierrot, trust, trust!" And In a
moment he was gone.
Fifteen minutes later, with an angry
scowl Hercules, the dead-weight lifter,
raised the flap of the manager's tent
and entered.' "Sir," he announced,
"my weight— m-my weight! It is "
stolen. Some prowlers, curse them!
T — the last moment, too!"
"Stolen, stolen!" repeated the man
ager In his highest key. "By heavens^
man, and we have 3000 unbelievers in
that tent all waiting to see your act.
"We've posted 1000 bills: we've adver
tised it for a month. We've — we've —
Hercules, what is to be done?" ¦
"Well, sir," growled the champion,
darkly, "It ain't my fault, no, sir! But
there's one way out of it; one way, I
think."
"What way?" snapped the manager.
"It's — It's the papier mache " weight,
sir; li^ht as a feather. I— I used to
practice with it," 6tammered Hercules.
"But they— they wouldn't know It from
the real thing, sir; not on your life!
! Git two of the grooms, Dan'l and Pete,
sir; I know 'em well enough. They'll
perspire an* purtend a bit -when they
bring It on. Savez the idee, hey? I
reckon you do, sir; ha, ha!"
"Ha, ha! Ha, ha, ha!" laughed the
manager, heartily. "Splendid, Hercules,
splendid. I'll write to Barkalow. You
get a bonus for this — he, ha! And we
can stave off challenges for one night,
eh? To-morrow we'll invite inspection.
Very good, sir, v-very good, indeed!"
And bo it was arranged.
Came at 8 o'clock dinging and dying
amid railway siding sounds; and six
Items, like snow in a tropical sun, had
melted from Barkalow'a big wonder
list. Comanche Bill, pink-nosed and
piebald, with Mirabeau, was prancing
around the mammoth ring. "Whoop,
whoop, whoop, whoop-lah!-"' Crack!
Through ribbon ring after ribbon ring
the ma'amselle Jumped, landing always
fair, and dancing on her plush platform
saddle. Suddenly, "Whoop, whoop."
Swish! A tissue drum went into shreds
and Pierrot stepped down from his
pedestal and • looked proudly at the
lady. "Hurrah, hurrah!" The audience
cheered and clapped their hands. "Well
done, well done!" and ma'amselie
bowed and*-dlmpled through her mask
of rouge.
Copyright. 1904, by Alec Bruce.)
tt*7L W ARIE! You are In
I \/\ trouble, Ma'amselle? Mon
\^ ¥ I Dieu, your face. It Is so
JL white!" whispered Pierrot,
stepping noiselessly toward her on the
little sawdust circle before the per
formers' entrance.
On her downcast lashes he had
noticed a tear-diamond sparkling
bright as the rpangles on her short,
filmy skirt; and on her bosom, for a
moment, he watched the twisted sap
phire necklace glittering blue as it rose
and. fell in the blaze of light.
"Marie," he whispered again, "you
are In trouble, grave trouble, Ma'am-
Belle?"
"Oul, oui! I — I — am In trouble —
grave trouble. Pierrot," she an
swered, brokenly.
"Ah, Ma'amselle. and you know not
what io do; that is It?" he questioned
quickly, and Inviting confidence with
his earnest, searching little eyes.
"But, Marie— Ma'amselle," he muttered,
stepping closer to her, so close that she
felt the warmth of his breath on her
cheek, "maybe— maybe Pierrot might
know— If— if you would tell him, hey?"
"Ah, Pierrot, non!" she faltered,
covering her face with her hands,
"you— you could not, non, you— you— !"
No ether words would come. Her lips
Quivered; her eyes filled.
-Marie, Marie!" he urred, "maybe,
X— I ah, you think not, hey?" and his
broad breast swelled with a smothered
jove— a love that had known no utter
ance; for he was "Pierrot, the fool," a
STOom! And she? She was "Ma'amselle
Mirabeau, premiere Equestrienne," In
Barkalow's big circus ring.
Suddenly, ting-ting, tlng-tlng-ting!
"Ma'amselle, Ma'amselle," he whis
pered warmlngly, "the first bell! Tou
hear? Thirty minutes, and you go on.
Just thirty. Marie!"
But still she did not answer.
"Ah. I am only Pierrot, Pierrot, the
fool," he murmured, "and you— you
will not tell a fool. Ma'amselle. No,
no; why should you?"
"Pierrot!" From her tear-dimmed
eyes she dropped two email, pink star
fish hands and faced him. "Plarrot, 'a
fool? 1 You said a fool!" she quavered.
"Ah. to Ma'amselle you must not say
bo once again. I know you. A fool?
Non, non! Tou say I will not tell
you, I will not trust you, mon ami.
Mon Dieu. leesten, leesten! That
Hercules, the dead-weight lifter, bah!"
and she shuddered violently. "Again,
to-dav. he say. 'Ma'amseller you will
marry me. oui?' Already, .six times
he haf said so. Oh. lala, how per
sistent! Ah. Pierrot, you do not
know. And for answer I say, 'M'sieur.
no— no. No— no — no'.' Six times I
say so. and of heem I think r.o more.
But to-day— to-day. It is different. I
am afraid. He look so black, bo ter
rible when he say. 'Ma'amselle. you
will marry me. No? Ah, no more
trifling, I say, none at alL Glf me
your answer. Tou haf till 7 o'clock
to-night; that Is all!' And Pierrot,
number eight on the programme, oul,
number eight, to-night's! Look at it,
and — and you will understand!"
"Number eight, Ma'amselle, number
eight on the programme, to-night's? I
have one ¦omewhere," he mumbled,
searching doubtfully among the frilled
yards of rod, white and blue at his
pockets. "Ah," at last with trembling
fingers he unfolded the crushed, crim
eon sheet. "Hercules, Hercules. Hercu
les! The dead- weight lifter! To-night,
to-night, to-night!" It read. "Head
downward from a swinging trapeze
twenty feet aaove the circus ring this
world-wide champion will dangle In his
teeth 100 pounds of solid BteeL Is that
all? No! we tell you, no! But see for
yourselves the most marvelous sight
ever seen. From a ring beneath the
suspended weight he will hold fast the
added burden of our premiere equestri
enne; and backwards and forwards In
mid air she will swing and hang until
at length she drops, dancing and pirou
etting on her galloping steed below."
"Mon Dieu, Mon Dieu!" muttered
Pierrot, when he had read the bill, "I
But the boy was first. In his tiny
hand he grasped the weight, and
hoisting it to his slender shoulder
sped with it like a startled hare across
the ring and out through the quiver
ing curtains.
"Ah, ha! Ha, ha, ha!" It was one
brief trickle of laughter accentuating
the Intense silence that followed; for.
In the thrill of a flute it all happened
and no one had attempted to stop him.
Hat. tat-tat!
"Now, all together!" commanded the
leader of the orchestra, coming gal
lantly to the rescue, and a bunch of
mandolins and violins ripped the air.
But music had no charms for the out
raged audience, and at last the storm
broke. Loud, long and deep-voiced It
raged; ribald laughter, shrill jeers,
dark threats and hisses like the angry
exhaust of steam.
"Gentlemen, gentlemen!"
In vain did the manager attempt to
¦tern the avalanche, but like a sick
man's whisper against a battery can
nonade his explanations and apologies
melted on soundless lips.
"Gentlemen, gentlemen, one minute
and I will explain, I 1"
"You can't do It, you can't do It!"
pip«d a thin, querulous voice.
"TrlokstersI Swindlers! Money back!
Money back! Boo for Barkalowl" cho
rused the galleries.
"Gentlemen, gentlemen, I must tell
yeu. I must tell you 1"
"Tell nuthln*. nuthln' at all!" vol
leyed the leaders. "Square the deal at
number eight an* screw out yer
lights!"
"Gentlemen, order, order !"
' "Hiss, hiss, hlss-s-s! Square the
deal at number eight!"
"Gentlemen, gentlemen 1**
"Hiss, hiss, hiss-s 1"
And In the ticket office a few min
utes later, though he knew It not, the
manager was paying back the fabu
lous price of a threat.
gled vision in scarlet and' gold, a mira
cle of physical strength and bigness.
He stretched out his long, right arm;
his left, too, and the muscles of them
rose up like plaited whipcords. Then
he breathed, and every man breathed
with him. He broke a poker across his
thigh and the cheers rang wild and
deafening. He looked at the weight, at
the trapeze above, at Ma'amselle with
critical eye, and again the audience
cheered. If before they had doubted
the claims In number eight, it was evi
dent, now, that they believed.
Mirabeau? White as chalk beneath,
her mask, she held her breath and
glared from her steed at Pierrot. And
Pierrot? Eyes bulging outward he
transfixed the little trapdoor In tha
belting below the orchestra stand.
Suddenly the giant stepped before the
weight and faced the high-priced seat*.
Above his head he raised his hands.
"Once, twice, thrice!" On the third call
he would swing and grasp and Juggle
with the dead weight as with a toy.
§ Click! Click!
Pierrot, and only Pierrot heard It.
The violins and the flutes were mur
dering sound, and the clown's heart
thumped . his chest Ilka a drumstick
beating the time.
Click! Click! «
Up went the : trapdoor and a boy, a
, very little boy, hatless, but with a «un
crisped thatch of curly hair, struggled
through the ring.* For a moment he
hesitated, blinking his big blue eyes
In the glare of light. Then, quick as a
flash he was over on the big carpet
, star.
"Pierrot, Pierrot," breathed Ma'am-'
celle, squeezing the cold fingers rest
«lng on her saddle.
"Once, twice — once, twice — whoop
lah!" shouted Hercules, bending
swiftly and throwing his mighty arms
between his legs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALU
5
THE PRINCE OF A THREAT' "Where the Tide Conies In," a .love
story of Virginia by Lucy Meacham
Thurston, is all that a love story should
be. : The author seeks to unravel the
mental processes which lead Page Not
toway to the selection of the man of
her choice— processes, by the way,
which do not have all their mainspring
in sentimentality, for Page plays bas
ket-ball at college, and that enlivening
game does not conduce greatly to much
NATURE'S COMEDIAN — W. E.
Norris; D. Appleton & Co., New York.
. HEART OF MY HEART— Ellis Mer
edith; McClure. Phillips & Co., New
York; price Jl 50.
THE BRIGHT FACE OF DANGER
— R. N. Stephens; L. C. Page & Co.,
Boston; Illustrated; price $150.
, DORRIS FARRAND'S VOCATION—
/"Pansy" (Mrs. G. R. Alden); Lothrop
Publishing Company," Boston; illus
trated; price. $1 50.
EVELYN BYRD— George Cary Eg
gleston; Lothrop Publishing Company,
Boston; Illustrated; price $1 50.
PAINTERS SINCE LEONARDO—
James William Pattison; Herbert S.
Stone & Co., Chicago; Illustrated.
THE WIDOW'S MITE— Dr. J. K.
Funk: Funk & Wagnalla Company,
New York; price $2.
THE HELMET OF MAMBRINO—
Clarence King Memoirs: published by
King Memorial Committee of Century
Association; G. P. Putnam's Sons, New
York.
THE HAYFIELD MOWER (Vol. I)
—Published by The Hayfield Mower;
Boston: price $1 25.
-MODERN ELECTRICITY — Jamea '
Henry and Karel J. Hora; Laird &
Lee, Chicago; illustrated; price %l W.
BOOKS RECEIVED
THOSE who take exception to Kip
ling's stories of life and love as
played under the deodars at
Simla will not countenance the post
humous novel of the late Guy Wet
more Carryl, "The .Transgression of
AndrewVane" by title. For the same
atmosphere of free thought " and free
action that is the life of. Mrs. Hawks
bye's salon 'of 'world-weary.': spirits In
the Indian garrison town is likewise
the ruling spirit in the American col
ony in Paris that Carryl portrays. If
one cares to be blind to the very ma
terialistic, very callouslif e that owns
no law of morals save that of. laisses
aller, 1 then he must eschew Carryl's
last novel as ' he interdicted the Simla
stories of Kipling;. Carryl r s ; American
colony, is very, French. Its standard of
ethics is, we hope, very un-American.
To read "The Transgression of ' An
jdrew , Vane"/, is to read a^ story that
Idealizes ' nothing, that 'glosses -over
nothing.*.. A 'very bald, bold story . of
life in Paris Is this .book of, Carryrs. ;
.;;As a shortrstory writer young; Carryl
had ~ already ' begun to -make a : strong;
mark • for, himself when his > first long;
tal*. "Zut," * Indicated = that < success i in
the novel would probably "be his. ' To
this - promise "The Transgression \ of
Andrew. Vane" adds' Just enough con-
LIFE IS LIFE
In Carry l f s Last Tale.
"Kindly Light." by Florence M.
Klngsley, Is a little story about a heart
disappointed, which Is somewhat on
the tearful order, but yet subdued
enough to contain no more of th*
trembling lip and dimmed eye than
one cares to read Into it. It la pub
lished in neat form by the Henry
Altemus Company of Philadelphia,
price 50 cents.
Neith Boyc*. th* Xos *"g*lf
woman whose stories are **mniar to
readers of Smart Sat, has coll*ct*d
nine of her tales Into a .book,
which b«ars th* tlil* of th* best and
longest of th«m» "X Provident
Woman." All of tb« short stories
have tha true haHznaric of genuine
ness In this, th* most difficult of lit
erary arts; all of them ar* highly pol
ished, flashing with elevarmsa and out
to the neatness of ke«n *pisram.
Good reading for sumxnar aftern*ona
when anything heavy is a bora to th*
spirit
(Fox. Duffleld & C*.. N%w Yorfcz
Illustrated; price $1.)
fighting; around Santiago. Is giving; a
fine example of his nerve by writing
stories full of dash and ftra of adven
ture — a life sadly Interdicted to him
by his heroic fulfillment of dangerous
duty. "The Middle Wall." his last
story, has all the strong; spirit of wild
daring and the quickly moving pano
rama of events which the standards of
a tale ¦ .of adventure demand. South
Africa. London, the mld-Atlantio and
Cape Cod are successively th* theaters
of action; a bag; of uncut diamonds,
the cause of all the trouble; an escape
from the police in a London fog;; a fir*
at sea and a thrilling; rescue, soxn* of
the indents. For pur» excitement.
but with no eye to Utsrary nlcatlea,
read "Tha Middle Wall."
(G. W. Dllllngham &. Co* Nnr.
York; Illustrated; price $1 80.)
One of the Eastern critical magazines
has incorporated in its pages "The Edi
tor's'Clearlng-house," a department de-
I rt ed to the rapid consideration of
"specimens warious" from the literary
workshop. In these halcyon days of
the great gushing forth of spring and
summer fiction, much of It as evanes
cent and filmy as *a passing spring
cloud, the* distraught reviewer of books
i3 hard put to it to keep his head above
the flooa which pours In upon him.
May he not. then, establish, tempo
rarily at least, a reviewer's clearing
house, wherein much of the lighter and
less pretentious works of fiction that
come to his table may be tagged and
/referred to the readers of these columns
with a note to assist in their further
consideration? Frank Norris says in
one of his essays that the average
newspaper reviewer of books does away
with a pile of novels two feet high In
two hours. Of course Norris knew; he
did book reviews, when he was on the
San Francisco Wave of hallowed me
mory. But let the clerk of this present
clearing-house assure his clients that
at least he will not be guilty of the
classic error of that library cataloguer
who wrote on his cards:
"Lead— Kindly Light— sea Cardinal
Nf.wman.
"Lead— white— see metallurgy." .
"Susannah and One Other," by EL
Maria Albanesi, certainly was not in-^
tended by the author to be aught but a
serious . and solemn nAVel of life —
the close study of an Epgllsh
girl's life; "but 1 she has 'made
the grievous mistake- of \ keeping
her eyes so close to the plot that a
grave condition of astigmatic aberra
tion has visited itself upon her, and
unless the reader wears very powerful
lenses in his spectacles he cannot bring
himself to view ¦ E. Maria Albanesl's
novel with half the grave deportment
of mind that the author would demand.
Susannah is typically English— the de
mure young lady who Is shut up and
hedged about by conventions, made the
victim' of her own imaginings - and of
other people's misconceptions, and cast
Into sloughs of despair by her" own res
olute resolve to read Into every action
of, those about her something of dis
trust and suspicion. Surely the sister
of Susannah is not the most lovable
creature, In the world and Mama gam
bles, but even under the harrowing In
flutnees of these twain Susannah need
hardly ask the reader to use a handker
chief for a book mark.
(McClure. Phillips &". Co., New
York; price $1 50.)
name Vane only that her memory may
be untarnished. Then that the dis
crepancy between the ages of Andrew
and the man who is his father may not
be too great to mur the vratelmilitude
of the story, jme author has to lift the
curtain of his main plot upon Andrew
when he is yet In the tender adoles
cence of 20 years. .The hero is caught
in the gay whirl of Paris at this un
ripe age and brings surprise after sur
prise to the reader by his perfect
poise, his worldly wisdom passing un
derstanding. Herein does the weakness
of Carry l's plot become manifest. Even
two y»ars at Harvard do not seem
sufficient to account for the remarkable
self-possession and cool savoir faire of
this American stripling. The author
lends him the presence of a seasoned
clubman, endows him with all the
prescience of the most blase man of
the world. Andrew ¦ at ¦ 2§,. with his
frock coat and tile, setting all the
American colony of Paris abuzz over
him, *8, hardly a normal youth, even a
normal Harvard youthi
Another Incongruity in the plot Is
there at which the . credulity of ! the
[reader must balk. The author.Intro
duces Margery Palffy into his story, a
winsome, pure-hearted girl whose
years of study and healthy life In
America havfe brought to her utter
repugnance of all the callousness and
the . bald . license . of Parisian , life and
manners. : Throughout the greater
part of the story, Carryl insists upon
the nobility of character of Margery,
her loftiness of mind and soundness
of heart. Very, rightly she repels An
drew Vane when she believes his love
for her to be tainted; this is perfectly
in line with what she seems to be. Yet
before . the story finishes and after
Margery ; hears from Andrew's, own
lips that his transgression is greater
than she had '. *ver " thought, ' she ' de
clares wildly. ' "I know more than you
'think— and I forgive It' all. I lov*
you. ' , That's V all— I , love you." .-. Tha
/author,; heads the chapter : in which
• this ; startling declaration 'occurs "Re
| demptldh" ; ; but it; falls to ; be manifest
'wherein lies any redemption; capitula
tion, and very unpleasant capitulation
at that, seems to be the spirit/ of this
episode. *..-.:.. .
. (Henry Holt : & Co., New York ;
price II 50.)
a. ¦¦
In order to account for some entan
gling relationships in the body of his
story. Carryl Is forced to preface his
main plot by a , prologue," distinctly of
a dun coloring. The mother of An
drew dies at his birth," carrying with
her the secret that he bears the sur-
flrmation to make it certain that, had
his life been spared, Carryl would have
been a novelist of no" mean worth,
though hardly of the first order. This
last story shows real cleverness in
dialogue, bright ' and snappy as the
characteristic epigram of Henry Seton
Merriman's stories; "its reflection'of the
essence of Parisian life and the Paris
ian spirit is happily done; the charac
ter'work In the case of Mrs. Carnby
and of Mr." Thomas Radwalader Is
thoroughly convincing, even distinct
ive. Weakness shows itself in some of
.the premises of plot construction.
CLEARING HOUSE
For Stock of Fiction.
.Upon being asked to whom the coin
should be' returned -the spirit- replied
that he could not give the name, but
that \ it was a friend of Mr. Beecher,
that he was'shown*U picture of a col
lege from which he Inferred that the
man was connected with a. large school
—it was a ladies' school, on the Heights
In Brooklyn.
In his investigation. of the facts as
verifiable from the mortal .side of the
boundary Dr. Funk tells us that the
coin in question was a very rare one
valued at $2500, a part of a very val
uable collection belonging to Professor
-West, who, was a close friend of
Beecher and • had been principal of
a ladies' high school on the Brooklyn
Heights. Funk had borrowed the coin
nine years before,to be used for a cut
in the 3tandard Dictionary? He had
ordered < the • coin returned and sup
posed it was, but; his instructions had
been neglected and the matter had
been forgotten by himself and by all
his subordinates In the office.- It had
also been forgotten by Professor, West
and ? his son, who assisted ' him in his"
business affairs. .. v
When asked where the coin was, the
spirit control replied that ha was
simply Impressed that it was in'a large
safe; that It had been lost : sight : of ; { it
was In this safe, in a drawer, under a
lot *f papers. Now, In Funk's { office
there were two ' safes In charge of the
cashier and his assistant, a large safe
and a smaller • one. In the large an*
the: lost coin was found. In a drawer,
under a lot of papers.
The deepening mystery deepens still
further. thus: The coin was in an en
velope with another also nominally
a ¦ Widow's < Mite. On* j coin was j dark
colored, the - other lighter. > The dic
tionary makers had decided the light
er coin, was"; the .genuine and .used it
for the .' cut in illustration. * At : a' sub-
MOMnt seance Funk asked the spirit
ryHE promise made a year ago by
X Dr. I. K. Funk, the editor of the
Standard Dictionary, to give the
world a book as resultant of fuller in
vestigation of the puzzling psychic In
cident known as "The Widow's Mite."
has been fulfilled; and he has added
thereto many other authentically re
corded psychic phenomena which act as
sidelights on the main subject of his
new publication. \
The author's avowed purpose Is only
to attempt -to state clearly a problem
and to urge others/better qualified, to
the discovery. of its solution/ There are
many reasons given why the book
should have a claim upon our atten
tion, ami most of these might be con
densed into that sentence from Glad
stone," who, speaking of efforts in
psychical research, said: "It. is the
most important work -which Is being
done in the world— by far the most im
portant." In regard to the moral atti
tude of the attention which we give
Dr. Funk would have «-s .remember
the teaching of Huxley, who # safd that
we should sit down before the fact as
a little child, and be prepared to follow
humbly wherever nature leads, "or you
shall learn nothing."
The Rjory of "The Widow's Mite" in
brief Is this: Dr. Funk, while prose-'
cuting in. a general way his Inquiries
into psychic phenomena, attended a
seance at the house of a medium In
whose honesty he felt perfect, confi
dence. The seances held at the house
of this medium were never for money,
but were family reunions of "the liv
ing and dead." Here the spirit control,
causing th» woman medium's voice to
speak in the strongly, masculine tones
of the spirit 'who was using her, as she
lay in trance, for the mechanism by
which to put his thought in "matter
molded forms of speech,"- asked; Dr.
Funk to. have returned, to its proper
place an ancient coin called the
Widow's Mite, sayinc it was the re
quest of the spirit of • Henry Ward
Beecher. Funk reolied that the coin
had been returned — - he then sup
posed it was. The answer from the
spirit world was that the coin had not
been returned, us. Dr. Funk supposed,
and that Mr. Beecher said he wished
the matter attended to. <
PSYCHIC PUZZLE
For Science to Solve.
The founding of . Punch and Its sub
sequent Influence under the clever mas
tery of ¦ Leech and Tenniel seems to
prove a subject rather beyond the pow
ers of the authors; they give only- a
superficial review of Punch's cartoons
In the Crimean and Franco-Prussian
war and pass on to a consideration of
the growth of caricature in our own
country— a field , exploited far more
happily. - From an outline of the found
ing of Puck. and Judge the authors
trace the power of the American car
toon through political campaigns, wars
and international episodes until we are
quite convinced that we could do with
out it no easier than we ¦¦ could«sacri
fice street cars, sign boards, porcelain
tubs, or any of the other modern" con
veniences.
(Dodd, Mead & Co., New York; illus
trated; price $2 50.)
ed. He went straight forward in the
face of all kinds of defamation, crush
ing his enemies with a. tongue and pen
of extraordinary sharpness and wit—
and he has won. In the matter of in
fluence upon the art of all countries
In the latter half of the past century,
scarcely the like is found in any per
iod. Velasquez himself , has had no
greater Influence, nor' Van Dyck, nor
the Barbizon School." .
As a final word let^U be said that,
far from depreciating the worth of Mr.
Pattison's Judgment on art matters or
his manifestly profound knowledge of
all the painters since Leonardo f/ it must
be maintained that he has here written
a book which can have little appeal to
one not himsslf more than a neophyte
In the high mysteries of art. Had he
restrained himself to a survey of the
last decade or the last century of art
he would doubtless have written some
thing open to a wider field of appre
ciation. .
(Herbert X Stone & Co., Chicago.)
The old aphorism that "ridicule is
the test of truth" must have been in
the minds of Arthur Bartlett Maurice
and Frederick Taber Cooper when they
determined to throw upon the' record
of a hundred harried years of politics
the light of their "History of the Nine
teenth' Century in Caricature." For
if ridicule does indeed force truth to
put on the whole armor of light and
come forth to the fray no form of it
can be Quite so quick a spur er so
galling an incentive to vindication as
the sneer that lies in the twisted line
and exaggerated emphasis of this buf
"foon of x art, the cartoon. A review of
the caricature of the last hundred years
is, then, the record of a century of
stinging smarts, , suffered both by na
tions and Individuals at the hands of
this agent, sometimes a test of truth,
Indeed, often a sadly perverted, bitter
ly malignant instrument of evil. Even
a book on the influence of caricature
with less original material in its pages
than that of Maurice and Cooper
would be profitable reading. '.
The authors, recognizing Hogarth as
the father of English caricature and
the precursor of all the stalwart breed
of men whose pencils were to be couch
ed as lances, find the significance of
his satires upon life and manners with
out the province. of their work and
give to James Gillray,/ his successor
and imitator, the largest measure of
their attention, since it was Gillray who
first made the cartoon an element, of
strong political significance. Despite
the horrid conceits of this brutish fel-'
low, the reflection of his depravity and
insane Imaginings In his drawings, the
authors show that his flaming car;
toons,' directed against the . power . of
the Napoleonic regime, did much to fan
into white heat the wrath and antag
onism of England against' Bonaparte.
Strangely unlike the caricature of the
present day, which stings by wit, not
invective, Gillray's work summoned to
its aid every element of foulness and
loathsomeness that might make its
scurrility more enhanced.'
None the less gentle, but' endowed
with a more delicate finesse of dis
courtesy, were the Frenchmen who
made King Louis Philippe's life a bur
den for him— Phillpon Grand ville and
Daumier. * We read that because one
of the keen-eyed satirists saw In the
face of the ¦ "citizen King" a resem
blance to the humble pear, from that
day forward the distracted Bourbon
could see nothing but "Le Polr" star
ing from the pages of every "petit
Journal." Nor did . Napoleon, "the
Little," fare better than his predeces
sor in office when once his power be
gan to slip in the dark days of the war
with Prussia.-
Edward Marshall, the war corre
spondent, who was rendered helpless
for life by a Spanish bullet la the
/AMES WILLIAM PATTISON'S
work, "Painters Since Leon
ardo," can hardly be designed
for sale by subscription in the rural
districts: it is too technical for that —
not eaousrh of the gauds and tinsel of
the typical book agent's no-home-com
plete-wjthout-one specimen of "refined
art work" is manifest between its cov
ers. But upon opening this compen
dium of notes aad criticism upon a
thousand acd more painters and their
treasures one cannot but feel that the
author has eet for himself a scope very
ak!n to that of the "History of the
World" or the "Heroes of All Ages,"
usually found occupying the plush tab
aret in Uncle Si's parlor up Woon
sockct wav.. Perhaps it is not for the
layman to decide whether or not Mr.
Pattlson has allowed vaulting ambi
tion to carry him away in the prepara
tion of this work; perhaps the layman
Is calculated to be a better judge than
the artist upon the pure question of
the taste exhibited by the author in
his endeavor to crowd the criticism of
several eras of artistic • endeavor Into
the limits of a single volume. .
Accepting the simple preliminary
declaration of Pattison that "Here
will be found the artists since the time
cf Leonardo da Vinci, each set over
against the date when he was bom, so
that the picture of art as it is and has
been can be seen," we must look upon
his work, then, as a catalosue with
running criticism somewhat after the
order of marginal notes enlivening the
deadly dullness of name, date and
opera perfecta. This is no doubt of
value to the art student for ready ref
erence, just as the "Lives of the Poets"
or "American Bibliography" Is a quick
and ready friend of the student of lit
erature. But let no one conceive the
erroneous opinion that in this book
lies anything very illuminating on the
general subject of art tendencies, the
growth of schools or the effects of
changes of thought and of environment
upon the productions of successive
artists. That. Indeed, would be asking
too much of a history of painting from
the Renaissance to the present day in
one volume.
The author has elected fo follow the
painters according to strict chronolog
ical order. Irrespective of their Imme
diate associates, their school or the
country In •which they did or are do-
Ing their work. This effectually fixes
each painter In exactly the period of
yean which were Illumined by his
presence, but it gives rise to a fine con
fusion on the part of one who would
read the book from beginning to end.
At first off we are given a fcrlef re
sume of the contributions of Leonardo
to newly awakened art and then with
a transmontane Jump of no little se
verity we are next brought to the con
templation of the German Durer of
the Gothic school. Durer seems to
hold an especial significance for the
author; four pages are devoted to him
and but a scant two to Raphael. In
deed, Mr. Pattison finds himself forced
to mention only the obvious In the
case of all of the great masters, whose
works have been treated at length by
master critics of the past, in order that
he may devote the major portion of
his work to the expression of opinion
on subjects less harrowed over by
. other writers.
It Is then with the art of the later
eighteenth century that Pattison com
mences a fuller criticism and Indulges
in a more extensive survey of the tech
nique and style from tnat time to the
present day. Narrow-mindedness was
Hogarth's birthright, as the author
views the work of that father of cari
cature. Reynolds was admittedly a
painter of refined flesh tones, of pret
ty fancies, of superb color, but his
drawing was bad, and his touch was
purposeless and amateurish. Goya,
the Spanish colorist, who has been al
ternately lauded as a master and
damned as a depraved bungler, comes
' In for strong commendation at Patti
scn's hands. "The fascination of his
work is irresistible." (,
For leaders of the contemporaneous
schools, the author has some very out
spoken criticism. Jean Leon Gerome,
for years the famous master of. art
of the Paris ateliers, leads Pattison to
wonder if he was not "only a man of
superior talent who made 'articles de
Paris?* " Dante Gabrielle Rossetti ap
peals to the author chiefly as the In
ventor of along neck, "which mayor
may not be beautiful." His work was
"imitation pure and simple, scarcely
a spark of originality in It" Whistler,
the lately departed eccentric and ge
nius, is made the subject of quite the
most comprehensive study in the
book.
"Whistler Is another unaccountable
individual," says Pattison. "In a
measureless degree- a charlatan and
poseur, his stupendous ability disarms
criticism which would crush a smaller
man. Some events can be accounted
for. some almost* accounted for —
Whistler is a mystery."
. "This can be asserted of him," adds
the critic, "that he never has swerved
from his purpose to paint In the way
that seemed to him right, no matter
how much the art world frowned or
the little-comprehending publ^o scoff-
PussibTM— m— nfiminniiiwiai *¦ i * -nm mmi t\ >ir* wiii^Biwmfl
TWO REVIEWS
Art and Caricature.
The good old Sunday-school stories,
"Chaplet of Pearls." "A Daughter of
the King," "No Cross, No Crown," and
all the rest of those eminently whole
some books for young members of the
kingdom, are brought to mind by the
reading of "The Wood Carver of 'Lyni
pus," by Mary K. Waller. Christian
resignation, suffering as the true fining
power of the spirit and the reward that
comes to the doer of good works — all
these excellent fundamentals to Chris
tian living are manifested in the life
of this unfortunate woodchopper of
Miss Waller's. But why was it that
we used always to seek Oliver Optic's
tales in the Sunday-school library?
7as it not that spirited action cloaked
the moral precepts and made them
more palatable to our budding literary
tastes? If the author had only Intro
duced a Captain Boombsby Into "The
Wood Carver of 'Lympu3" and with
him some spirited doing, her tale could
be recommended as a worthy addition
to the Library for the Dispensation of
Christian Truths Among the Natives
of New Hebrides. - *'**
(Little, Brown & Co., Boston; price
Si 50.)
sighing and the picking of petals off
marguerite blossoms by lovers' rote.
Page Is a very lovable, very admirable
American girl, whose college course has
consisted of more than teas and junior
"proms"; when she feels the gentle stir
rings of the nobler passion she sets
about to accomplish the fulfillment of
her destlny'very sanely, very practical
ly, though the temptation to yield to
the romantic besets her strongly on oc
casions. As to the title of the story —
well, one is reminded of that wise saw
of a Pacific Coast litterateur: "A pre
position Is a bad word to end a sen
tence WITH."
I (kittle. Brown & Co., Eoston; illus
trated; price $1 50.)
THE SANv FRANCISCO SUNDAY I CALt.
6
control which of these coins -was the
right one. Without an Instant's hes
itation the reply • came, "The black
one." Whereupon Funk wrote to the'
Philadelphia mint ' f for confirmation,
and that authority* replied that -the
black one was the genuirfe. . ; ¦
In short, every statement purporting
to come' from the spirit world anent
the .Widow's '.Mite proved to be cor
rect, and after the most complete in
vestigation | possible no clue could be»
found to the execution, of this feat by
merely mortal ' means; nor could any
reasonable foundation for the suspi
cion of fraud be located. JoDr. Funk
and also to niost of the learned men,
who have ; assisted him in^pondering
over the problem, the affair- seems
cither supernatural of else extraordi
narily supernormal. ;,':,.
'Among.those ..who say subconscious
faculties are IT. J. Hudson; authoiv of
that very, much v read ¦; book, "The Law
of Psychic Phenomena';'; William James,
professor of "psychology at Harvard
University, and * various professors ¦ of
psychology and philosophy in other
large universities. The many who say
fraud are noticeably - professors .' of '
physics— with all its- profundity, hu
morously enough, a study within a
study. For those" who wish 'to stay
conventionally sane and prefer a
strictly rational explanation" the com
mendation mav be emphatically given
to read the letter from Edward' I*
Nichols, professor of physics, Cornell
University. ,
.For interested"' readers who, while
wishing to be sane, vet long for evi
dences of whatsover of noble uses for
world-work and the beautv of a sav
ing sentiment from materialism, all too
coldly doubting, that may be half-hid
den, and half-revealed in these psychic
experiences, there is much in the book
to make its study fascinating. To be
lieve,, though, that they would have to
work on tha hypothesis that the spirit
forces which speak are under Immense
Inhibitions and that the messages,
which come through from "the other
.room" can be heard^only by the most
sensitive clairaudience. They might
also Increase the power of the phan
tasy by believing that In addition to
the many, who have stated the more
beautiful of these psychic experiences
there may be some who stay silent as
the Master was before Pilate. Why
should they say anything If they be
lieve that the best of these things are
special, love-made, elusive to the less
loving and to those who listen for the
¦ voices only with, velleity. If they
spoke would not the incredulous, think
that while not absolutely insane yet
were these undoubters merely fantasy
fooled mystics, wandering toward
madness— waybllled to Bedlam?
(Funk & Wagnalls- Company, New
York; price J2.) t
WITH THE
FIRST
SUMMER
BOOKSTheir first stroke of luck occurred
when the hairdresser showing them
the "dropped three" fell down and tem
porarily stunned himself. It was not
kind of them, but they were desperate.
They fled for tha bank Just anyhow,
and scrambling over the grass gained
the restaurant. The officer overtaking
them at the door, led them to the table
that had been reserved for them, then
back to hunt for tha chaperon. The>
girls thought their trouble was over.
Had they glanced behind them their
Joy would have been shorter lived than
even was the case. The hairdresser
had recovered consciousness in time to
Bee them waddling over the grass. Ha
thought they were running to fetch
him brandy. When the officer returned
with the chaperon he found the hair
dresser sitting opposite to them explain
ing that ha reallv was not hurt and
suggested that, as they were there,
perhaps they would like something to
eat and drink. The girls made, ona
last frantic appeal to the man of buck
ram and. clay pipe, but the etiquette of
the Saxon army was inexorable. It
transpired that he might kill the hair
dresser, but nothing else; he must not
speak to him— not even explain to the
poor devil why It was that he was be
ing killed. It did not seem quite .worth
It. They had some sandwiches and cof
fee at the hairdresser's expense and
went home In a cab, while the chap
eron had breakfast with the officer of
noble family. The American girl haa
succeeded in freeinjr European social
Intercourse from many of Its hide
bound conventions. There is stm much
work for her to do. But I have faith
in her. JEROME K. JEROME.
Had ha been a commonplace German
hairdresser he 'would h&va understood
English and all might have been easy.
But to the classy German hairdresser
English Is not so necessary, and the
American ¦ ladies had reached as re
gards their German only the "Improv
ing" stage. In her excitement sha eon
fused the subjunctive and tha Impera
tive and told him that ha "might" go.
But he had no wish to go. Ha assured
them, so they gathered, that his lntan
tlon was to devote the morning to their
service. Ha must have been a stupid
man. but- it Is a type occasionally en
countered. Two pretty women had
greeted bis advances with apparent de
light. They Were Americans, and tha
American girl was notoriously uncon
ventional. He knew himself to be a
good-looking young fellow. It did not
occur to him that in expressing willing
ness to dispense with his attendance
they could be in earnest. There was
nothing for It, so It seemed to the girls,
but to request the assistance of the of
ficer, who continued to skate round and
round them at a distance of about ten
yards.
So again the elder young lady, seiz
ing her opportunity, made appeal.- "I
cannot," explained the officer, who.
having been looking forward to a
morning with two of the prettiest girls
In Dresden, was also feeling mad; "I
dare not be seen speaking to a hair
dresser. You must get rid of him."
"But we can't." said the girL "We do
not know enough German, and ha can't
or he won't understand us. For good
ness sake come and help us. We'll be
spending the whole morning with him
if you don't" The German officer said
he was desolate. Steps would be taken
— later on m the week — the result of
which would probably be to render that
young hairdresser prematurely bald.
But meanwhile, beyond skating round
and round them, for which they did not
even feel they wanted to thank him,
the German officer could do nothing for
them. They tried being ruda to tha
hairdresser; he mistook it for Ameri
can chic. They tried Joining hands and
running away from him. but they were
not good skaters and he thought they
were trying to show him ths cakewalk.
They both fell down and hurt them
selves and It Is difficult to be angry
with a man, even a hairdresser, when
he is doing his best to pick you up and
comfort you. The chaperon was worse
than useless. She was very cold. She
had been promised her breakfast, but
saw no signs of It. She could not
speak German and remembered some
what late In the day that two young
ladles had no business to accept break
fast at the hands of German officers;
and ft they did, at least they might sea
that 'they got ft. She appeared to b«
willing to talk about decadence of
modern manners to almost any extent.
but the' subject of the hairdresser and
how to get rid of him only bored her.
cant exactly fix him for the moment.'"
"You have met him possibly at Wles
man's In the Pragerstrasse: ha Is cna
of the attendants there." said the of
ficer. The American girl Is republican
In her Ideas, but she draws tha line at
hairdressers. In theory It Is absurd;
the hairdresser is a man and a brother;
but we are none of us logical all the
way. It made her mad the thought
that she bad been seen by all Dresden
society skating with a hairdresser.
"Well," she said. ."I do call that impu
dence. Why they wouldn't do that even
in Chicago." And she returned to where
the hairdresser was illustrating to her
friend tha Dutch Roll, determined to
explain to him, as politely as possible,
that although the free and enlightened
Westerner has abolished social distinc
tions he has not. yet abolished them
to that extent.
Even the American girl cannot, on
all occasions, sweep from her path the
cobwebs of old world etiquette. Two
American ladies told me a sad tale of
things that had happened to them not
long agx> In Dresden. An officer of rank
ar.d standing invited them to break
fast with him on the ice. Dames and
nobles of the plus haut ton would be
there. It is a social function that oc
curs ev<iry Sunday morning in Dres
den during the ekating season. The
treat lake in the Grosser Garten is
covered with all sorts and conditions
of people. Prince and commoner circle
ar.d recircle round one another. But
they do not mix. The girls were pleased.
They secured the servlc#s of an elderly
lady, the widow of an analytical chem
ist: unfortunately she could not skate.
They wrapped her up and put her in a
Elefige. "While they were in the garde
robe putting on their skates a German
gentleman came up and bowed to
them. He was a nice young man of
prepossessing appearance and amiable
manners. They could not call to mind
his name, but remembered having met
him — somewhere and on more than one
occasion. The American girl is always
sociable: they bowed and smiled and
saJd it was a fine day. He replied with
volubility, and helped them down on
the ice. He was really most attentive.
They eaw their friend, the officer of
noble family, and with the assistance
cf the German gentleman skated to
ward him. He plided past them. They
thought maybe he did not know enough
to stop, so they turned and skated
after him. They chased him three times
round the pond and then, feeling tired,
eased up and took counsel together.
"I am sure he must have seen us,"
paid the younger girl. "What does he
mean by it?" "Well, I have not come
down here to play forfeits," said the
other, "added to which I want my
breakfast. You wait here a minute,
I'll go and have It out with him." He
¦was standing only a dozen yards away.
Alone, though not a good performer
on the lee. she contrived to cover half
the distance dividing them. The of
ficer, perceiving her, with a pleasant
smile came to her assistance and
greeted her with effusion. "Oh," said
the ladv. who was feeling Indignant,
"I thought maybe you had left your
c ti x ow does sne d0 ltr * That ta
' • I \ what the European girl
1 I wants to know. The Ameri-
J can girl! She comes over
here, and. as a British ma
tron, reduced to slang by force of In
dignation, once exclaimed to me,
"You'd think the whole blessed show
belonged to her."
The European girl is hampered by her
relatives; she has to account for her
father; to explain away. If possible,
her grandfather. The American girl
sweeps them aside: "Dont you worry
about them," she says to the Lord
Chamberlain. "It's awfully good of
you. but don't you fuss yourself. I'm
looking after my old people. That's vay
department. What I want you to do
Is lust to listen to what I am saying
and then hustle around. I can fill up
your time all right myself." Her father
may be a soap-boiler, her grandmother
may have gone out charring. "That's
all right." sh* says to her Embuttdor,
*1h«y"re not coming. You Just take my
card and tell the King that when he's
got a few minutes to spare I'll be
pleased to see him." And the extra
•rdlnary thing Is that a flay or two
afterward the Invitation arrives. A
coders writer has said that "I'm Mnr
lk»a" !¦ tha civls romar.us sum of .th»
present day woman's world. The late
King of Saxony did. I believe, on ona
oooaslon make a feeble protest at be
ing asked to receive the daughter of a
retail bootmaker. The young lady,
nonplused for the moment, telegraph
ed to her father In Detroit. The an
swer came back next morning: "Can't
can It selling, practically giving them
away, see advertisement." The lady
was presented as the daughter of an
eminent philanthropist. It is due to
her to admit that, taking her es a class,
tha American girl is a distinct gain
to European society. Her lnfuier.ee Is
against convention and In favor of
simplicity. One of her greatest charms
In the eyes of the European man is
that she listens to him. I cannot say
whether it does her any good. Maybe
she does cot remember It all. But
while you are talking she does give
you her attention.
The English woman does not al
ways. She greets you pleasantly
enough. "I've so often wanted to
meet you." she says; "must you really
go?" It strikes you as sudden; you
had no intention of going for hours.
But the hint is too plain to be Ig
nored. You are preparing to agree
that you must when, looking around,
you gather the last remark was not
addressed to you, but to another gen
tleman who is shaking hands with
her. "Now, perhaps we shall be able
to talk for five minutes," she says.
•I've so often wanted to say that I
Fhall never forgive you. You have
been simply horrid." Again you are
confused, until you Jump to the con
clusion that the latter speech Is proba
bly intended for quite another party
with whom at the moment, her back
toward you, 6he Is engaged in a whis
pered conversation-
(Copyright. 1904. by Central News and
Press Exchange.)
THE SAN FRANOSCO SUNDAY: CAIH w
Continued from Page One.
covcr the expenses of the outing, while
last Thursday night a large body of
distinguished men of the West further
testified California's .appreciation of
the benefits, past, present and future,
conferred by Mr. McLaren's skill and
labor during the past seventeen years,
in a big banquet at the Palace HoteL
Among those honoring him were
representatives of the Chamber of
Commerce, the Board of Trade, the
Merchants' Association, the Merchants'
Exchange, the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association, the California
Promotion Committee, the California
State Board of Trade, the Board of
Park Commissioners and city officials.
Mr. McLaren will not only visit all
the principal parks of Europe and
America, for new Ideas in landscape
gardening, but he will bring back with
him puch seeds and plants as may
be suited to the conditions of the soil
and the climate here, thus adding, if
possible, to the already remarkable
varieties that have made Golden .Gate
Park one of the most famous pleasure
spots in the whole world.
For. since Mr. McLaren took charge
of the park seventeen years ago. It has
been brought to such a high state of
cultivation that it is now more a ques
tion of selection in the quality rather
than In the quantity of the vegetation,
and In thf laying out of that portion of
the park beyond Strawberry Hill the
Commissioners desire to be guided by
•what is new or novel or unique In
other quarters of the world. .
For instance, alter visiting Paris and
the march of progress, when a little
later <the Midwinter Fair began to
absorb the attention of the entire
West. :
. It was no small task to select this
site and to prepare it for the great Pa
cific exposition, -but now the park had
began ¦ to' grow . at an amazing " rate,
for with the building of the exposition
there was realized also the construc
tion of Stow Lake and Strawberry
HI11, V with the. observatory at Its crest,
and Huntingdon Falls, splashing down
from the very entrance to tha observa
tory itself. - >\ ¦
.The Midwinter Fair was perhaps the
biggest step .ever made in the matter
of : extending the park oceanward, for
after the exposition had closed and all
the buildings, with the exception of
the Japanese- garden and the museum,
had been i torn ' down and carted away,
the superintendent and the Park Com
missioners .were left with a .Vast ! tract
to bring ' from chaos into orderliness
and systematio beautificatlon.
The big. parade ground to the south
of ; the "; fair > proper • lent Itself , so well
to the .sports, of; the Hour that Mr. Mc-
Laren recommended that It be. pre-/
served * as " 'the '¦'-, present recreation
grounds.- with its baseball lawn and its
handball courts, • which was done;; and
following . this ; the " grand court * of; the
fair itself, with "its /great oval basin,
surrounded - by broad driveways * and
footpaths and Its classic statuary, so
inevitably suggested itself as the best
place to establish a new music stand.
In place of the second, -which in turn
had outgrown its usefulness, that there
were no dissenting opinions.
But the work of selecting and pre-
paring the site of the Midwinter Fair
was as nothing to the task of reclaim
: ing it after the exposition had been
dismantled. The superintendent found
himself In the midst of the task of su
pervising: the construction -of thcavi
ary, the. building of the new $100,000
music stand donated by Claus Spreck
els on the site of the Administration
building' of the fair at the southwest
end of the grand court, the construe-'
tion of the big stone bridge on, the main
driveway i. to form ' a' tunnel "from ¦ the
new music . site to - the cars of j the Mc-
Allister, the Geary and the Jackson
street / lines, at* almost one arid t the
same time while cultivating. the ground
left barren by the removal of the Fair
buildings, covering a wide area. But
all this was 'successfully; and expedl
tiously accomplished, .until now -this
spot ia one of the moat beautiful as
well as ; one of the most popular in the
entire park. > r
And ' in their •' turn there followed In
rapid succession . such improvements
and : additions ; as the • deer glen, since
converted into the picturesque fern dell
leading from the tennis courts to the
bear pit; the buffalo paddock, the new
deer glen, the chain of lakes, the bi
cycle path to - the - beach, the ocean
boulevard, the picturesque ; and' power
ful . Dutch : windmill • near the ocean it
self, the" boathouse- on' Stow Lake,
.with 'Its myriad fleet of rowboats sail
ing In the shadow of the Starr Kins;
Cross; the new Spreckels Lake for min
iature yacht races, the elaboration and
extension - of. the . grounds around the
Japanese tea garden, and now the re
clamation of all that territory between
Strawberry Hill and the ocean beneath
an- even two : feet of fertilizer to keep
quickly grew to Its .present popularity
and Importance, though Its: first hobby
horses were very wobbly In comparison
to the* gayly caparisoned steeds that
now pursue each other in a never-end
ing circle, while In place of the two
little donkeys and the Jaunting cart
that now drag the wee little tots along
the asphaltum driveway encircling the
island of patent wooden • swings, bi
cycles were for hire to ride around the
same saucer-shaped track, but they
were never very popular even' when the
cycling craze was at its height.
And immediately after the comple
tion of the handsome stone building
and cafe at the grounds the little goat
teams and donkey rides around the
shrub-hidden lane were installed and'
have remained to this day one of the
most popular sports In tha whole park
among the - children. .
Simultaneously. there had been* built
the second music stand, the pearly
shell-shaped structure in the hollow
facing the Francis' Scott Key monu
ment, .which temple of muslo has but
recently, In turn, given place to tha
tennis courts, which will; no doubt, be
one I of the most lasting monuments to
Mr. McLaren's regime.
And while this second music stand
was * In the height : of V its glory the
rough hill to the northwest, which is
now connected with the tennis courts
by an Iron suspension bridge that
crosses the roadway connecting the
north and south driveways to., the
beach, was encircled with a little tor
tuous canal, down which boats -ware
floated every Sunday to the great de
light of the big crowds, old and young.
But that In turn had to give way to
One of the first things to be inaugu
rated was the children's playground,
which from a very modest beginning
At that time Golden Gate Park con
sisted of nothing more than the Pan
handle and a mere patch of lawn lying
between Stanyan street and the old mu
sic stand to the right of the present
main drive to the beach near the con
servatory and the conservatory itself.
All beyond that point-was little better
than a tangled waste of shrubbery, and
drifting sand. There was no children's
playground, no recreation grounds,
no aviary. In short, none of the splen
did features that have now made these
acres fronting on the Pacific one of the
greatest parks in the whole world. In
those seventeen - years, however, every,
foot of the ground comprised within the
Government grant has been gone over,
not once but many times, and even to
many constant residents in this city,
during all that time many of the. im
provements are still unknown or un
vlslted. In fact to give them mere cat
egorlal mention is to pile up a long list,
many of which were unthought of when
Mr. McLaren took charge.
Berlin and several of the other large
Continental cities, Mr. McLaren will go
to see the famous Florentine. Gardens,
which are among the most beautiful
in Europe and which. It Is thought, will
lend many good suggestions for the im
provement of the vast acres now being
reclaimed out near the beach, whfch
work In Itself calls attention to what
has been accomplished since the Com
missioners brought the Scotch gardener
from the old Howard place in San
Mateo in 1887 to undertake the task of
thoroughly reconstructing the park.
It is after leaving tha home of his
youth in Bannockburn that Mr. Mc-
Laren will turn his attention particu
larly to the plans for the cultivation of
this new territory, which is to be made
the most important in all the several
miles * of park -. ttiat ' lies .between the
new McKlnley . monument now being
erected at 'the entrance to the pan
handle and the new speed way, so- that
it can be readily^ appreciated how Im
portant and far-reaching 1j Mr. Mo-
Laren's present vacation trip abroad,
the first In ten years. : ¦ -;•;
Bines he took charge. of tha manage
ment of tha Park In 1837 the force of
workmen and gardeners at his com
mand has grown from twenty to 330,
while under the new charter Mr. Mc-
Laren .• not only • has the supervision
of Golden Gate Park but of all the
smaller' parks and plats surrounding
public buildings of every sort as well,
so It can be seen what a big task now
devolves upon him..
.But already the smaller. parks and tha
grounds surrounding the public build
ings, particularly the City Hall and the
City and County Hospital, as, well as
Union Square, give pleasing evidence
of his. masterful care and •skill. .
Indeed It is In the finer art of garden
ing that -Mr. McLaren. has shown his
superiority. In all the improvements in
Golden Gate Park. he has tried to copy
nature herself. ' There Is nothing set
or stiff or stilted' In his arrangement
the sand in place, and tha prospective
construction of tha proposed new speed
track. These are only the . big things.
In innumerable other ways has tha
park been beautified and extended un
der Mr. McLaren's personal supervision
In the last decade.
of frfHase, plant or ihrubb«r7, B*
straight lines of awkward lortfcfng
trees, no unbroken av-enuas of palms
or hedge, so stereotyped arrangement
of flower beds, lawns or pathways.
From ona end of the park to the other
and from one side to tha other It la
a constant procession of variety, but
always harmonious, restful, pictur
esque, beautiful.
In tha science of posies and tha cul
tivation of varied and marvelous effects
In plant life Mr. McLaren has shown his
skill in no better way than along that
strip of sloping la— n that lies Just in
front of the conservatory and facing
the main driveway near Cyclers' Rest
so' corosplciously.
Hera at various times upon notabla
occasions he has planted emblems that
h&va made California's possibilities as
the . land - of sunshine and flowers
the talk of the world. When Presi
dents McKlnley and Roosavelt were
visiting San Francisco and during
many national conventions of various
orders he has decorated this patch of
ground with beautiful and appropriate
designs, such as the national colors
and ensigns, etc
Just before leaving on his world tour,
for instance,. he has had this favorite
flower bed laid 'out in the emblems
and insignia cf the. Masonic order in
honor of the conclave of the Knights
Templar- who will be visiting Cali
fornia • at Just about the time ha. Is
scheduled to return from abroad. Al
ready it is one of the most striking dis
plays ever shown in the park and re
flects great credit upon Mr McLaren's
skill. What he will accomplish after
his return remains to be leen.
John McLaren, Who Goes to Europe for New Ideas for Beautifying
7
the sledge. The. chaperon was not
showy, but, what is better, . she was
good. And anyhow it was the best the
girls had been able to do. So far as
they' were concerned they had no use
for a chaperon.
The Idea had been a thoughtful con
cession-, to European prejudice. "The
person - in • the knickerbockers." ex
claimed " the officer. "Oh, that," ex-"
claimed the lady, relieved;, "he Just
came up and made himself agreeable
while we were -putting on our skates.
We have met him somewhere; but I
glasses at home," "I am sorry," said
the officer, "but It is Impossible."
" What" s impossible?" demanded the.
lady. "That I can be seen speaking: to
you,** declared the officer, "while you
are In company with that — that per-
son." "What . person?" She thought
maybe he was alluding: to the lady In
THE AMERICAN GIRL'S ETIQUETTEno_textno_textTHE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALLl
upon a gown of sheer stuff are en
chanting, and they set off a ' gown of
any. light material In a most marvel
ous manner. . ¦ : .
Those who can recall the ruffled
belles of 1860. and of the years fol
lowing will assure you that the woman
of those days was all that grace and
beauty could make her; and they will
tell you that her ' gowns, Instead of
being built to severely hug* her fig
ure, were of the . floating , variety, the
airy fairy Lillian type, the type which
enchanted, even though it did - not
convince. . •... ;. . ¦;;¦. ¦ ¦._ ¦¦-.
Of course there is no need trying to
tell you that this airy floating creature
of 1904, this war time girl, is the most
admirable girl of recent years, for she
, is nothing of the sort. Her . gowns
are far too long and . far \ too "thin ' to
be adrrlrabie, and she is not 'hygienic
in her style of .dress. She wears too
many floating ribbons. She / is too
much betrlmmed with garlands, she is
far too deeply flounced, and laced to
be strictly admirable. But, oh, she is
bo pretty I -.>¦/.- -r- ..-' > „•..¦./-:-./:¦.%¦,;
- The • healthiest and strongest .and
most sensible girl of all was the tailor
made girl of 1890. But she was too
severe. Nobody liked her. The'. world
could not stand her. ; And so she died
•' ¦•¦:* '."-;: - '¦¦ ¦¦¦.¦¦•¦¦ .-v-.- 1 ' ¦¦¦-.-
out. And now have "come. the reaction
days. 7 The ? tailored gowns - have ¦'•' lost :
every, lota of their simplicity.- • . -
The war. time girl: of 1904, if she
does ¦ net • trim her ekirt with ruffles.
la trimming them - with lace. - She is
placing , flat bands ¦ of very fine old
xashJened lace upon her skirt, and is
bordering them" top and bottom with
narrow, bands of black velvet. ;: .
This, by the way, Is a very popular
trimming. The band of lace ' running
around the skirt and tne band of black
velvet bordering it top and bottom is
very.chlc. '.Every old-fashioned dress
maker will tell 5 you how .it Is" done.
You sew the lace flat to the skirt, run
ning in -a band all the ¦ way around.
Then you take & roll of narrow black
velvet and : apply/ it by ¦, hand -to the
lace, first to the upper side, then to
the lower. --.You put It on.witha blind
stitch and every particle must be done
•by hand/ " j. ¦'.-¦_ '¦'_•'¦¦' ¦¦'-;- .';-:\
;' If/you; prefer, and If your gown will
allow, you edge- the lace Insertion -with
claret \ colored velvet " no \ morei than a
quarter of \ an ¦ inch • wide ; • and. In that
.case, j you will want a little of this same
.narrow . velvet upon your • wide sleeves
and ¦ upon your .waist. ¦ Tour ¦ sleeves
never in the 1860 days was there as
much spent upon gowns as now.
The revival of the wartime girl
brings In at once the fun skirt. This
Ekirt can be cut in one of three or four
ways. It can be a straight gored af
fair, made by cutting so. many lengths
off a piece of goods and sewing them
together, or it can be a skirt some
what sloped toward the belt line, or It
can be a skirt that is laid in Bide plaits
all the way around the hips.
In any case, it is shirred or tucked,
gathered or, in one way or another,
brought In to serve the purpose of
making the hips trim. .
The women of 1860 dla not think it
In good taste to outline the hips so
sharply and the gowns were gathered
upon the belt. II they were made of
thin wash goods, the .gathers were
"scratched" ¦ to make them lie evenly
in place.
But the modern wartime girl will not
consent to lose her most desirable
point, namely, her hip line, so she has
her skirt laid in side plaits, or tucked,
or gathered, and, while doing this, Ehe
surreptitiously throws a little of the
fullness toward -the back. It is more
becoming so.» The skirt Is a full skirt,
but there Is Just a little more fullness
In the back than in tne rront— though
not much. \
In only one thing is the wartime girl
of 1904 absolutely true to the wartime
girl of 1860, and this is in the matter of
length of skirt. The I860 girl .would
as soon have cut off her own daintily
Bhod feet as go out witn a short skirt.
And so It Is with the wartime girl of
1904. Her skirt must be long, or, if not
long, it must be what is known as a
round length. . ¦' - ¦ '
The round length, as generally ac
cepted. Is the skirt which just touches
the floor. Maybe it a little more than
touches. It is precisely the same length
front and back and all the way around.
The round length usually lies upon the
floor an Inch when one . is standing
BtilL But in walking, It escapes pret
tily, though it requires holding up in
the street.
There Is. of course, the pedestrian
skirt and the walking skirt, the trot
ting skirt, the Instep length and j the
skirt which escapes and discloses .the
feet. But this «klrt Is of a different
brand and Is bred of a different fashion.
It has nothing to do with , the war time
Etyles of 1904. "It is in every ward
robe, but it is not the keynote to the
fashions by any means. The day has
gone by when the trotting skirt ruled
the fashions. » .
The trimming of the 1860 skirt Is
not always the < same. The skirts of
forty years ago were ruffled with two
deep ruffles, with a piping or shirring
or a band of lace above c the ruffles.
But in these revival days a greater
variety is allowed. There is a strong
resemblance to these 1860 trimmings,
yet there is a difference. Ruffles are
not actually obligatory, though It is
a wise woman who wears; them if she
can.: -SffiWE .-*'.. -'•. ¦'
Ruffles are by far the most attract
ive 'and the most effective trimming of
the summer. They are light and float-
Ing and they give the gown an air of
grace which it can get in no other
way. " Ruffles of the same material,
can be tied with It and your waist can
have a few rows of it, laid in between
the rows of shirring, or laid along the
rows of tucks.
Narrow velvet is one of the revival
trimmings. It is used a great deal
and usually in connection with lace,
though there are gowns that are
trimmed- with row after row of the
velvet, all put on by hand and sewed
along the upper edge. The lower edge
Is left free, as it is found that the
Velvet sets better when it is not sewed
tightly along both edges.
There is a trimming which is much in
favor. with the 1SG0 girl and this, too,
is a revival trimming. -. Everybody re
members the days ! when ribbon was
box plaited ' and stitched along the
middle. This trimming was used to
trim skirts and waists and even to
trim silk coats. Well, it Is this same
box plaited ribbon which Is In style
again and it is used Just as it used to
be. above a band of lace or above a
ruffle.
Very many of the new skirts have
a wide box plaiting around the foot,
perhaps eight inches wide. Then
comes a band of lace and then a nar
row box plaiting stitched through the
middle.
In the materials there is a great deal
to be said, for they, too, are to a great
extent the materials which were worn
forty years ago. Many of them mas
querade under new and fancy names,
yet in them will be recognized all the
old favorrtes.
Grenadine is to be a great deal worn
as a summer material and It will be
prettily figured and trimmed with
bands of taffeta or with bands of vel
vet and of lace. Or there will be ruf
fles of grenadine set around the foot
of the gown and these will be light,
fluffy ruffles calculated to bestow a
witching grace upon the young woman
who wears them.
Poplin is lovelier than ever this year
and, whether one chooses poplin, 81
cilienne or mohair. It is all the same
as far as the gloss Is concerned. And
even so with brilllantine, which now
comes of exquisite luster even in the
cheaper grades.
The discovery of the process of mer
cerizing goods has added greatly to
the number of lustrous fabrics and It
Is possible now to obtain a very bril
liant material . for only a fraction of
what such a gown cost forty ¦ years
ago. In those days poplin was poplin
and it was % never cheap.
Satin, too-, Is In style, and there are
satins in the old .ashes-of-roses . shade
and In the curious shade called London
smoke. There was a time when ashes
of-roses, London smoke, elephant's
breath and Irish poplin gray were the
shades of the season. And they come
mighty near ' being the . shades of ¦ the
present year. You would be amazed
to • note bow . many fashionable recep
tion and calling gowns and nice gowns
for church and other occasions are con
structed , of >material In these colors.
So In the new -.materials one finds
the old stuffs and' she who has pre
served a cow n of the Ions ago can
bring it out and run a good chance of
finding It In vogue,. not only In general
characteristics," but in color and ma
terial as well. They even combine
THE 1S30 girl Is a bit out of date.
And, to take her place, the girl
of 18C0 has stepped to the fore.
They call her the wartime girl.
this elrl of 1860. And they study her
wardrobe to see how closely she has
adhered to the styles of the' Lincoln
days, the lovely fashions before the
war. • .
Those who have studied the fashions
of the past century will tell you that
there was a time when the styles were
exquisite. This was during the ten
years which exactly preceded the Civil
War. From 1850 to 1860 American
womanhood had a wonderful fashion
era and the styles which were created
then were too beautiful ever to go en
tirely out of memory.
Get out your old photograph albums
and turn the leaves to" where mother
or grandmother stood forth In her best
gown to be "taken." There were no
Instantaneous photographs in those
days, and the result was that each
picture was posed with exceeding care.
The gown was smoothed until it had
not wrinkle nor fold, and the fair sitter
obtained a portrait which was a correct
likeness, not only of herself, but of her
gewn as well. ;
And these are -the fashions which are
the vogue to-day.. These are the styles
which are being worn and will continue
to be worn the following summer. On
the board walk you will eee the 1EU0
girl and you will find her in the draw
ing-room and in the ballroom.
All the best modistes are studying
the 1S60 girl, and all the best designers
of London and Paris are ' paving the
way for her to come and make a long
etay.
' This girl, who deserves the. name of
the wartime girl, has a style that Is
quite her own. It is distinct and in
many respects creative. It is different
from any other style and It Is a style
¦which belongs to her exclusively from
the crown of her head to the tip of her
toe. You cannot mix her up with the
1830 girl. She is' too prettily feminine,
too trim. tt>o perfect.
The 1830 girl, it must be remarked, is
all right. She Is dainty and pretty,
but ehe Is a bit extreme. She came in
a year ago and flounced her queerly
cut gown before you. But she. could
not make herself quite popular. She
was not distinctive. You were never
sure whether Ehe was an 1830 girl or of
the Josephine era. The styles of 1830
were too mixed. They were composed
of the styles of all the other fashion
epochs, grouped and bunched. And the
effect was not good enough to be last-
Ing. -
And this is what paved the way for
the wartime girl, the girl of I860.'
Over In Paris this girl has quite
taken the Paris world by storm. Pa
quln has studied her and Is delighted.
"I am adopting the Btyles of the Con
federacy," he says, "and I am every
day finding In them more and more
that Is beautiful." . :- V;
The Southern women of the 1860 days
¦were wonderfullv well gowned^ -They
were famous then, and were quoted In
Paris, and they were also renowned In
their own land. No great social-func
tion was complete unless a Southern
belle could be coaxed from Old Vir
ginia to grace the occasion.
And now It is the revival of the
Southern girl,- a revival of the gowns
of the Confederacy, a revival "of the
dresses that were worn In the 1860
days.
This period also brings In the Eu
genie gowns, for; the ex-Empress was
very much alive and I very > dressy in
that period. " But the Empress Eugenie
was Just the least trifle extreme, -her
gowns were too extravagant and ' hen
fashions, a little too marvelous to be
come popular. ¦ Women v c6uld riot af
ford them. And those who could -afford
them were not always willing- to dress
a la mode. ' " ' • --
But with the gowns ' of ¦ the Confed
eracy It was different. They .were ut
terly charming. And they were not so
very extravagant, either. Though the
Southern women * of those days were
wealthy, they were economical ' and
tints. , Just as they once did, and you
se« pink and gray and blue and gray
and red and blue and pink and blue
and all the old time combinations en*
Joying: as great a popularity as they
ever had In the Ion? ago.
But particularly In the necks of
gowns does one note the revival re
semblances. The new necks are cut
to a point and are either filled In with
a chemisette or left open and slightly
tapering down to a point. Both ways
are good.
For day wear the woman of the
present day does not go In for the low
neck. And so, during the day. she ad-
Justs a high-neck bertha In her gowns.
Or she puts on a chemisette with a
high stock. Or she may wear one of
those arrangements which have a high
neck and long, full puffed sleeves, but
which are nqt finished off around the
belt line. There are many ways of
filling In a low neck. Or, If her neck
be very pretty, she will have her gown
made with a slightly pointed effect and
will wear It that way.
But for evening the woman of the
times likes to have her neck pointed
and rather low. Ehe likes to cut the
neck of her gown down to a V In the
middle of the front and a V in the
back. And then she finishes It In a
new way. She takes deep lace ana
gathers It and sews It around the neck
of her gown.
The girl who does not understand the
art of shirring a piece of lace In her
neck should get busy at once. She must
learn how to take It and turn over the
edge and how to run a stout shirr
string In the doubled-over edge. This
makes a full heading for the lace.
The prettiest lace necks are trimmed
with lace which comes down In points,
a long point and a short one, with a
string running through the heading.
This lace Is then sewed around tha
neck, which takes a very pretty shape.
Right In the middle of the front the
points of lace should be arranged to
hang down to the belt line.
And there Is the very old-fashioned
way of running a piece of lace with
ribbons and setting it around the neck
of the gown. There can be three or
four rows of the ribbon, and the ends
are then tied In pretty little bows right
In the middle of the front.
It will be noted from a study of the
fashions that they are extremely fem
inine. There is nothing severe about
them, and the woman who needs little
softening touches— and most women
do — can easily find them In the gowns
of the summer.
Now, in mentioning the fashionable
features, one must not neglect to say
that there will be a revival of the poi
onaise. Indeed, it is already pretty
well revived, for one sees many a gown
trimmed so that one cannot tell
whether there Is a tunic or not.
whether there Is a semi-skirt or only
one skirt, nor whether there !s a pol
onaise or merely a simulated over
dress. When such Is the case, then It
Is not out of the way to. predict that
the overskirt and the polonaise are not
far off. . '¦'• '• • "fi«
But in one way the wartime girl of
1904 rebels from the Ideas of her pre
decessor, the wartime girl of 1860. And
this Is In the hoop-skirt: for the war
time girl of to-day absolutely refuses
to don such an article. "I take that
which 13 comfortable and practical,"
she says. "But I discard that which
is disfiguring and that which Is un
comfortable." . , , .
The girl of to-day stiffens her skirts
with silk linings and. under the dress
skirt, she wears petticoats of silk with
many ruffles upon them. She also
wears a drop silk lining, for many of
the Bklrts are both lined and furnished
with a silk drop skirt. -
But it is upon her marvelous siik pet
ticoat that the girl of the period relies.
This is long and Is trimmed with a ruf
fle which will make any dress stand
out and which answers all the pur
poses of a hoop skirt, without its ag
gressiveness. The silk skirt gives the
comfortable rustle and is prettier far
than the old hoop of bones and steeL
There Is no sign that the bustle will
return, but this was a feature of later
days— not of I860. The bustle was
much more fashionable In 1S70 than in
1860, while in 1830 there was no gowa
worn without Its bustle.
10
THE WAR TIME GIRL OF 1904ABOUT TIGHT CLOTHING (Mrs.
T. N. J.)— The woman who is healthy
and happy,' and the terms are synony
mous, does not wear her clothing un
comfortably tight. She has grown
wiser. Women's clothing is cumber
some enough at best, but when vanity
and a mistaken sense of style prompt
the wearing of tight shoes which dis
tort the feet, high collars which be
get throat troubles and cause the face
to flush and darken and tight corsets
and bands which force ugly lines about
the hips and bust, then the woman of
civilization Is but a step removed from
the women of China who hobble on
maimed feet. Many women have an
idea that comfort and untidy loose
ness of attire, coupled with lack of
style, go hand in hand and are vic
tims of "nerves" in consequence. How
this wrong idea still obtains I can
not Imagine, in view of the fict that
perfect cut and fit has made the loose
outer garment and shirt waist artistic
and a pronounced success for years
past. If all women would apply this
knowledge in the selection or making
of other garments all might be as com
fortable as men who scorn a garment
if it pinches. I do not advocate any
of in? monstrosities of dress which
have masqueraded under the name of
health garments, but I do Insist that if
the corset is properly fitted and loose
enough for perfect comfort, and shoes,
belts, etc., fitted on the same principle,
woman's health would be much better
than it is. So long as women wear
compressing clothing just so long will
suffering from numerous mental and
physical ills result. An hour a day
spent In exercise will not undo the
work of ten or twelve hours of im
proper living, hence the absurdity of
women's trying to obtain better health
by exercise and gymnastics when they
go from such exercise directly Into th»
vices of ti^ht fitjed clothes.
STAINS FROM GASOLINE (A. B.
C.) — I fear you cannot entirely eradi
cate the stain left around the spot
cleaned with gasoline. However. If the
ppot is very prominent It may be ren
dered less conspicuous by the following
method, unless the gasoline has caused
the color of the fabric to smirch, as is
sometimes the case when the color is
not absolutely fast. To one pint of
tepid water add fifteen drops of best
household ammonia. Stretch the
stained portion firmly into a large em
broidery hoop, have plenty of clean
white cloths handy, and with a small
wad of the fabric like the garment
moistened, but not too wet. go over th»
stain rapidly and then rub dry with a
clean, dry white cloth, changing this
cloth as soon as it is slightly soiled. A
new- tooth brush with soft bristles,
moistened with the ammoniated water,
is very helpful in reaching into the
warp of the stained fabric and is to bo
preferred to a wad of the goods. Use
the brush lightly to prevent "fuzzing"
the fabric. By holding a sheet of clean
white blotting paper under the stain
the moisture i3 rapidly absorbed and a
further stain guarded against. If you
prefer, you may rub French chalk free
ly over the stain and allow It to remain
on for several hours; then brush off.
Grease Is readily absorbed by this sub
stance and it may not be necessary to
moisten the fabric. •
in. As a preliminary for the absorp
tion of the skin food bathe the breasts
with warm water and dry gently with
a soft towel, then anoint with a lib
eral coating of the skin food. The
massage is most essential, hencs
should not be done In a careless or
hasty manner. Place ths finger tips
under the arm and bring forward to
the center of tise bust, then above.
bringing the fingers downward, from
underneath upward and always to tha
center of the bust, until the entire sur
face is gone over several times. Then
begin in a rotary movement around
the left breast, bringing the movement
gradually to the center; continue the
manipulation for ten or fifteen min
utes, then treat the right breast in a
like manner.' Throughout the move
ment use plenty of the skin food, for
it will hasten the filling out of the
shrunken tissues and the exercise will
send the blood bounding briskly
through the veins, which alone means
new life and vigor. In the morning;
bathe the bust with cold water to give
tone 'and firmness to the muscles; dry
thoroughly, keeping up a rotary move
ment. A decided improvement should
be noticed at the end of a month if
you are faithful in the treatment as
directed.
SHIRT WAIST FASTENINGS (B.
T. L.).— There Is such a variety of fash
ionable fastenings for the shirt waist
this season that a woman is whimsical
Indeed who cannot find something to
her liking. Of course there Is the ever
popular pearl button varying from tTie
tiniest ball to the flat' coin shape as
large as a silver half dollar. Ths me
dium, dime size. Is most practical, al
though the larger sizes are extremely
smart on waists of heavy linen. Then
there are the pearl • and metal sets,
which' are attached to the waist, by
means of a pin at the back, and need
only be detached v.hen the waist is
cleaned, and then their removal is a
decided advantage. enabling the
laundress to Iron the center boxplait
and cuffs more perfectly than can be
done when buttons are permanently
attached. The small, slightly oblong
bar pin, about an Inch in length, which
was quite the rage several seasons ago.
has been revived and Is shown in both
gold and silver. The most dainty ones
have a plain frosted " surf ace set with
a single pearl, colored gem or the love
liest bit of colored enamel. The fancy
for hand-painted porcelain buttons of
immense size is a fad among well
dressed and. fortunate is the
; woman Vbo_can paint them herself,
for the prices asked for them In the
shops is so high as to preclude them
from becoming common. A novelty of
the season' Is the set of. studs, oval or
round; a half inch in diameter, with
belt.Mickle to match, which Is made of
gun metal or silver set with a rather
large opalescent center; these buckles
are from one and one-half to two Inches
in diameter^ Waists of every class of
materialare^made up with the Dutch
or blind closing, gtillefess of any visible
fastenings, ' for. those who prefer less
display ' than provided by the orna
mental; fastenings mentioned-
be more popular than ever for veranda,
pick-up work. The possibilities of the
material are. better understood, designs
have gained in dignity of form and
purpose' until now really beautiful re
sults are obtainable, suitable for al
most any room and particularly har
monious among summer furnishings.
¦ CARE OF TENDER GUMS (Ma
rie).- — Your trouble is probably due
to a . harsh . toothbrush and dentifrice
and you have also rather overdone
the cleaning. Three vigorous brush
ings daily is too much, especially
when a very, stiff brush is Used. The
gums are kept in a constant state of
irritation by this method and instead
of preventing dentist's bills it will
Increase them, as the loose fillings
and tender gums indicate. To relieve
the •sore gums obtain "one ounce of
tincture of capsicum and apply to all
the tender spots with a soft camel's
hair . brush. Be very particular . to go
around the edges of the gums which
show a tendency to -recede from "the
teeth. For a few days, until the sore
ness is relieved, clean the teeth by
washing with a bit of absorbent cot
ton wound on the end of an orange
wood stick, first dipping it into warm
water and then into plain precipitated
chalk. Rinse the mouth, then use
dental floss to remove all particles
from between the teeth and rinse
thoroughly again. Discard your stiff
toothbrush and substitute one with
soft, fine bristles. Have the fotlow
ing reliable tooth powder prepared by
your druggist: One-half ounce of or
ris root, one-fourth ounce of powder
ed white castlle soap, one ounce of
precipitated chalk" and one-fourth
ounce of cassia powder. Use this
twice a clay, at morning and at night,
before retiring. .
ing of coarse lace • to match the color
of the burlap, is givena unique touch
by - small • embroidered ¦ figures worked
in gold . threads 4 at Intervals- of three
or'four inches. Another-excellent-de
sign is .composed .; of oranges and
grapes on a frosty, green ground. Since
raffla work 'was first . introduced ¦ clever
designers have ¦ been .constantly, work
ing out' new ideas until it promises to
TO MASSAGE THK BUST (V. T.
ll)— When treating j the | bust for . any
reason always bear in mind that the
manipulations and remedies must be
gentle, and-; the pressure rather light
to avoid bruising ' the delicate tissues,
the result of which might cause dan
gerous developments. Massage and a
pure skin food 'are invaluable for bust
development I If J their use is persisted
BLEACH— Fair Hair. Bleaching Is
always .a failure where one is an ab
ject slave, \ and . even j then it is most
difficult to keep the world from know
ing it. Peroxide in itself is not Inju
rious, but the ¦ ammonia that is used
with it makes the hair brittle and grad
ually kills the roots. Soda is about ua
harmful and you will find that after
you have ysed-lta" few months your
hair will come out at an alarming rate.
However, there i is a remedy that you
may try- and it is a ¦, very simple one
as . well. Squeeze the juice . of three
lemons in the rinsing water and wash
the head thoroughly. 'Be careful, how
ever, that. the ends of the hair do not
get' into- this water, for the contrast
would then-be quite as. decided as be
fore, even though the hair as a whole
would in all probability seem six or
seven shades lighter.
ANNIE— Pleurisy. Any disease of
this kind is difficult to cure absolutely
as you have discovered. It is useless
to tell you to keep out of the. wind and
to wear warm, clothing, for you only
court sickness in that way. Chloro
form liniments are good in a way,- but
they merely soothe and after a. time
lose their effect. Paint the' Bpot with
tincture of iodine two or. three nights
in succession until \ the spot ¦ becomes
tender. Then. omit it a few nights. If
you will keep this up ¦ for five months
it will certainly heal the spot and you
will never be troubled again. It Is a
long treatment and you will not be
cured 1 if you keep it up two or three
weeks and then forget about it. But
really ; it is not much ' trouble and • the
result is far reaching. . • •
, MRS. H. 'M.— Pictures. Prints- v of
good " photographs neatly framed are
far better .than poor ., oils or; .water
colors. -* Any art store in' town carries
dozens of fine prints in browns," greens
and black and ' white, - arid ' If j you axe
JESSE A.— Vines. Any flower that
will grow quickly and that spreads
would do nicely for your back porch.
Morning glories are pretty and make
a serviceable screen, but if you are
tired of them- try what is called a
moon flower. It grows quickly and is
hardy. In a month It will be creeping
Into every nook and cranny, and its
only fault Is that it will keep vou in
dustriously clipping. • Get the seeds at
any good florist's # shop and try thenu
. MRS. H.— Dainty Dishes. A particu
larly nice dish, tempting and refresh
ing, is grape fruit. Doubtless you have
served^it with sherry, but' there Is a
far nicer way to prepare It If you want
a show course. Squeeze the Juice of
half a dozen oranges, the juice of the
grape fruit Itself, and add as much
juice of a pineapple as you like.
Sweeten the whole with sugar to "suit
taste. Freeze until it is about the con
sistency of sherbet and place in the
halves. As a finishing touch cut a ba
nana into bits and decorate each 'half
with pieces, with now and again: a
piece of pineapple. It really is a deli
cious dish and is a very pretty one to
set before a guest. '
Answers to
Correspondents
Her boots, and she has good cause for
fervent thanks, are no longer patent
leather, but a dull kid, with a high
Cuban heeL The patent leather ones
were pretty and showy, but they were
left hand under her left foot raises her
lightly to the level of the saddle, where,
¦with a dextrous turn to the left, ehe
takes her seat This method, with a
few slight variations, Is the one uni
versally used In this country, but in
Europe the equestrian places her left
foot Into the folded hands of her groom
and rests her hand on his shoulder. As
h« straightens up, she is raised Into
position, but unless she is careful she
xnay be raised just a bit too high and
go completely over the saddle.
The California girl rides to please
herself and if she finds the cross-saddto
more comfortable and convenient she
does not hesitate to adopt it exclusive
ly. Then .esa in. she rides to a. canter or
a tret as she prefers and makes herself
just as comfortable as she possibly can.
In rifling to a trot much depends upon
the adjustment of the stirrup, and the
rules that the experienced horsewoman
follows is to. use a stirrup long enough
t • permit her to almost completely
straighten her limb in the rise.
Once she has mastered all these little
tricks that mean so much, particularly
if the horse is a strange one with an
unknown gait, she turns her attention
to her attire. And this she knows full
well depends entirely upon th© time
and the place. For park wear ehe
choses a cheviot or a kersey, and nine
times out of ten selects black, although
occasionally a Carle brown or a navy
blue finds its way into the recesses of
her c'.osct. ::verythlng that che, wears
is of the simplest and is strictly tail
ored. A standing linen collar with a
black necktie is her prime favorite,
though when she expects to ride miles
she frequently wears a soft white
stock or any of the severely cut collars
that are turned out by tne hundreds
these days.
THE girl who spends much of her
time in the saddle pays the
strictest attention to the small
est details, for she realizes that
the entire effect may be ruined by an
item that her next-door neighbor would
not think worth considering.
When her horse is brought to the
door saddled and bridled and ready for
mounting, she trips down the steps and
stands on the left side of the horse,
facing his head, with her right hand
upon the pommel of the saddle.^ Her
crop is carried in her right hand and
point* downward to the right-
In this position she is ready to mount
easily and gracefully and that in itself
Is in accomplishment. The assistant
stands close to the horse and with his
FADS — Brass. You are mistaken •
about brass lamps. To be sure you
can \ pay fancy . prices for them, but
they are to be had for reasonable
ones a3 well. Tell a bras3 dealer you
will pay $5 -for "a lamp and see how
many he will discover in the depth3
of a closet he didn't know he had.
OIL BATH FOR CONVALESCENTS
(Dorothy).- — After a severe illness,
when the body responds slowly tSo
nourishment, oil baths are invaluable
in supplying "the needful fat to the
skin and underlying tissues. If the
baths can be given by a professional,
so much the better," for the thorough
massage which always accompanies
such applications will stimulate, .the
entire system. If the professional is
not available one can take an oil bath
one's self and it will prove very benefi
cial. Too many make. the mistake of
overworking the stomach when the
nourishment baths should assist in the
work of restoration. The best grade
of olive oil may be used for. the bath,
although professionals generally use
cocoa butter. Three oil rubs may be
taken each week, provided the oil or
butter is well rubbed in. The body
should I be perfectly dry and almost
free from the oil when the rubbing, is
completed. ! Before the application use
a cleansing bath of warm water and
soap, followed by a tonic bath of tepid
salt water, then the cleansed pores will
greedily drink in the oil. -Just before
retiring is the best time for such treat
ment, for the fatigue which the exer
tion brings is quickly forgotten in re
freshing, sleep. While the oil should
be applied to the entire body, the
trunk should receive the most thor
ough manipulation and the largest
quantity of oil. I cannot give the
exact quantity of oil to be used each
time, because of • the difference in in
dividual 'needs, but the general rule
is to use all. the skin will absorb. "
NEW •: IDEAS IN CENTERPIECES
(Elsie).— The best ideas in raffia work,
aside from basket making, are the new
embroideries. - The : very stiff .conven
tional designs have been improved and
added to •¦ ? by : semi-natural forms.
Among the, very newest examples are
the . dlningr-table centerpieces. . which
possess not .only the ".merit of
'being rich'and artistlo in appearance,
but .thoroughly practical, points the
housekeeper will appreciate. | The fam
iliar fruit designs hitherto embroidered
;in. silks on tan linen have been simpli
fied. A beautiful example shows dark
red cherries; and an overturned basket
' as,. the' decorative feature, embroidered
entirely . in colored 1 raffia • on < a ' ground
of fine twine colored .burlap. Th,e ed«-
BIOGRAPHY — Burned Leather.
When you purchase a burning outfit
you are treading on dangerous ground,
although. you may not be aware of the
fact Too much burnbd work is a
perfect abomination and makes a
really nice piece appear cheap and
tawdry. If the work fascinates you,
give it away as fast us you finish it,
reserving a fancy pillow, a pipcrack,
or a dainty bookshelf for your own
use. Then it ..will look its very best.
undecided about framing them, let the
house use its -own judgment. Any
house always looks bare without pic
tures, but it Is far better to look at?
vacant walls than to gaze at so-called
pictures that offend your eye. Tell
your family that you want them to
give you pictures for Christmas and
your Mrthday and you will be sur
prised at the way your collection will
grow. . '
f>{ O many and so varied are
\O\ the little perplexities that
V J enter into almost every
£*^ woman's life without find
ing satisfactory solution,
and so many and so unusual arc
the letters that are constantly
being; received from women
who cannot find an answer to
their questions in any other
way, that The Sunday Call has
established this page devoted
entirely and exclusively to
"Wliat Women Want to Know,"
edited by Madjje Moore.
Here every trial or tribula
tion of the mind and heart can
be |K>urcd out in the full con
sciousness that it will receive se
rious consideration — every
qitotion of fact or fiction, of
the home and all its manifold
lies «nil tasks, of the inner sanc
tuary of a woman's life, finds
ready solution. Ladies, this page
is all your very own. What
would you?
Please address all comma
ideations to Madge Moore, editor
Hvhat Women Want to Know,"
Sunday Call. Son Francisco.
So, girls. If you're thinking of. riding
this summer, try the double. bow first,
for it is warranted to ', prove more Im
pertinent, more alluring and mpre cap
tivating. .
There is but one other fashion that
horseback riders thoroughly approve of
and that Is the double Dutch braid.
The hair Is rolled on the sides or rip
ples softly back just as she pleases, but
all is fastened in a snug braid that is
fashioned -lengthwise of the head. .If
the elastic is used,. It will stay-4n placa
splendidly, but it has a most disagree
able fashion of slipping, down unless
held firmly in Its place.
Occasionally a black satin ribbon is
substituted for the rubber and it is not
only useful but is pretty as well, for
the fluffy bow takes away some of that
stiff look that seems to be a part of
the mannish Derby. . If, for any .untold
reason, she wishes to look particularly
captivating, she fastens ' another' bow
a few inches above the bottom of her
braid, and the ribbon entirely, tikes
the place of ' hairpins and sidecombs
and has a decidedly pleasing effect at
the same time. 7.1'*'* ??,->'
likewise warm, and another considera
tion that was a good 6lzed item to the
average horsewoman , was their price
and the rate at which they cracked and
were relegated to the old clothes pile.
In selecting her hat Miladi has- a
choice between two— the Derby and the
sailor— but really they are as differen'
as day is from night and should be
worn when the season is apropos. ¦¦
For country wear the corduroy suits
are what has taken her eye, for they
do not show the dust and wear until
the fourth or fifth generation. In fact;
if she hunted for a month of Sundays
she could not find anything more ser
viceable or more nifty looking. With
this suit she pulls a rough rider over
her eyes, digs her russet-colored boots
Into her horse's sides and races along
enjoying life to the. utmost. .
But whatever her costume or wher
ever her destination, the style of dress
ing her hair varies but little, j For in
stance, the horsewoman considers it
bad form to pile her hair on top of
her head and run hatpins through t a
smart looking Derby. First, last and
always, she must wear her hair dressed
low. And this she does in the simplest,
easiest fashion.
If she chances to be the fortunate
possessor of quantities of hair she fre
quently parts it in the middle, rolls
either side back prettily and softly
over her cars and then catches it into
the braid. Round and round she twists
It. holding the coils firmly with one
hand, and putting long bone hairpins
where they will do, the best work, for
riding against the wind with an elastic
tugging and pulling every minute of the
way sheds pins at a fast and 'furious
rate and is decidedly uncomfortable
and untidy appearing in the bargain.
The "bun" : is another style of low
dressing that J3 popular and/ fetching.-
The hair is tied half way to the crown
of the head, then brought over the bit
of string that holds it and is coiled
about and fastened firmly in place.
And, by the way. Miss Equestrienne
has a brand new wrinkle and one that
delights her very soul. Pieces of string
or tape are % a decided nusance and are
always difficult to cover neatly. When
she brought it into position to tie it
snugly she never failed to catch a stray
hair or two. and if she refused to
stand their pulling all during her ride,
she was obliged to take it down and
do it all over again. But now she
has one the best of Mr. Hair. A small
elastic, heavy and strong, answers in
stead of the string, and when she brings
her hair to the desired point, she twists
the elastic quickly about, fastens the
two ends firmly together with a wire
hairpin and there she is as snug as a
bug in a rug.
This trick has another advantage, too.
Tapes and strongs are always difficult
to remove. It is hard to unfasten them
and when they are slipped off they pull
out a dozen or more hairs and create a
decided disturbance. " But" with the
elastic a single, turn of the wrist ac
complishes all. When the hairpin is
removed the two ends fall apart and
the hair falls down the back without
more ado. .
THE '. S^N.^FRANGISGO^" SUNDAY uCALi:
Photos, by
Itfi Stanford Studio
WHAT WOMEN WANT TO KNOW
THE EQUESTRIAN
GIRL AND HER
HAIR
ASVZBTISEHEXTTSh
A BEAUTIFUL
WOMAN
•Dm three requisites of facial beaat7 **+
evao&td features, absence of wrmUesasd ti
Rat eonplezion, and she ti a wise womaaui
blessed with taea* farors. who wtn atrtret
by every means to preset-re, or. If lost, re-*
atore them.
Dr. dtarlee* Tloeh Pood, the creates* *t,
bcaotiflers to-day. la the revolt of years efl
atody and experience by Dr. Charles, aj
)hjnlo1an of hish stardJn* ia h!s profe«s)oa.i
aad his preparation Is the only one m thei
world rceocnlsed and Indorsed br the modi-
eel fraternity. It !« posttiwly the only
preparation auowii to science whleh wttb*
•vt the ma* of medicines and tonic* wfll
reond oat the hollowed, thin eheek on
eerawny seek with firm, healthy flesh. Tor
rensovhil* wrinkles from the faco. neck ao4
bands it acts like magrle— one apptloatioa
often sfeowinr a decided Improvement, caw
pcclaJIy when the furrow la deep.
' . Ter dereloptaz the boat or to make Cb*»
preast firm, large and beauttfni. aoth±se}
can eqesi 1L To prevent the breast troai
ifcrinJrin*. mothers sheaM always m» Drj
Cbcrles Flesh Food after weanrcg baby. 18
Win also restore a bosom to Us natural eoiM
tour and. bean ty !oat through this cause.
We earaeettj warn ladles to avotd wV|
Btttutas of D*. Cfcaztes Fleah'Tood. Be*
that the came and portrait of Dr. Chart©*
U oa the box before payabaatag. We alaoi
warn ladles net to us* aay ettter cream on,
lbs face, aa Dr. Charles* Tlcsn Food la roar*
anteed net to promote the«jcrowta of bate!
: Oa aale at an the prtaetpal DepasCMBf
ft tores aad Drnyyists.
SPECIAL OFFER-Sr^EB
BfDrChariM Flesh Food U H-OO a boa, beJ
to ratroduoe it into thousand* of biw banae
Its proprietors have decided to send two CQ
boxes to an who answer this adrert!*eme*4
and eend them $1.00. An packages are sen!
In plain wrapper, postage prepaid*
pppp a samp!* box—Just caevs* ta
mCC convince 700 of tb« «rt*i
aaierit of Dr. Charles Tleaa Food-win tC
bent free for 19 cents, which para tar ooei
c{ mtfitnc We will also send 7*0 enn
Uluetrated book. "Art of MassasV wfttafe
pontafae all the proper inoTamenta tm mae-
WglB* the face, neck and anna, end. fax
kUncttoas for dereloplne; tf but J4dtrMiBENDING OF THE TWIG
stable and get .the cob and take me for
a drive."
"Look here," said Hicks, "I'll do my
very best, and I'll try to get my les
sons thoroughly. I'll bring some candy
along, too."
"Not yet," she said. "That will corns
in the advanced lessons." . ¦
She watched him walk briskly down
the walk, and a bewildering smile
brougflt out all her, dimples. .
"I wouldn't have gone with Wil
liams if I'd been Nan," she said .point
edly as she went into the house to
array herself for the drive.
• ¦¦'•;• • • • •
The next two weeks were busy. ones
for Hicks. He was devotion Itself to
the younger Miss Rodman. He took
her to the Casino, dances and sent her
endless supplies of candy and flow
ers. ' They drove together through
the surrounding country; they poked
about the river in a punt, and dis
covered all %orts of Jolly retreats and
quaint little lovers' nooks." ...;.: ¦
The elder : Miss ' Rodman looked on
with condescending approval. She be-
gan to treat Hicks with sisterly frank
ness. Two weeks earlier, this , would
have made him extremely uneasy.
Now he did not care. .
Hicks and his instructor were punt-
Ing on the river one afternoon. The
girl looked up suddenly.
"You're coming on all right," sh«
said encouragingly. "I . didn't know
you. could say such nice things as you
have this afternoon."
"Neither did I," he said with a
frankness that set them both laughing.
"I think," said she, , "you've : got
about all . you can out of this course.
Therefore. I'll. give you your diploma,
and you'd 'better' begin, on Nan.",
"Just a little longer," Hicks object
ed." . "I need more confidence yet."
. He looked at the girl quizzically, and
their eyes met— only for a moment, for
hers* suddenly fell. * .
"If you , like, then," she said, and
laughed rather artificially, j
Two evenings - later they sat In a
aulet corner of the Casino veranda.
wasn't because he didn't make suffi
cient endeavors In that direction. For
a young man he had a large and well
assorted knowledge of mixed drinks
and could give the ordinary dispenser
of liquid refreshments points on the
proper manner of compounding liquid
concoctions that were warranted to
keep out the cold and multiply the
number of objects visible to the naked
eye. It must not be understood from
this that Bill was a common drunkard;
as a matter of fact he was a most un
common drunkard. The only thing that
saved him from the reproach of fall-
Ing off the water wagon was the fact
that, he never got on it.
But * decreasing the world's visible
supply of splrltus frumentl was not
Bill's only activity. He labored under
the impression that he knew a good
horse when he saw It, an Impression
that has been productive of more un
availing grief than history has anv
unnecessarily Ion?. In due course Bill
entered Into matrimonial relations with
the young lady, and Incidentally with
a fair share of her father's filthy hut
eminently desirable lucre and settled his
neck into the collar like an old plough
horse. At last accounts he was one of
the deacons and had a box at the
grand opera for the full season. If
any one were to ask him how long it
wou)d take a man to walk from Madi
son Square to Forty-second street after
midnight he would probably put hia
hand on his watch and call a police
man. It may be that he has reformed
and it may be that he has simply
blown off his superfluous steam. At
any rate. It is wise before we express
any opinion as to the effect of prema
ture bending of the twig on the future
Inclination of the tree to discover
whether, the twig is naturally warped
or. is only being slightly deflected from
its proper course by a temporary
breeze.
— Copyrisht. 1903. by Albert Brit*.
* * VT "\ HAT you need," said the
\ A J younger Miss Rodman to
Y ¥ the big young man who
lounged on the rail, "Is a
thorough course of sprouts. You can't
expect to win Nan's heart with five
pound boxes of candy and expensive
flowers alone."
"I imagine I am a trifle — er — raw
in these things," said Hicks, smiling at
the earnest face before them.
It was an attractive face, full of
pretty dimples and prone to flash
upon you some surprising expression
you had never dreamed could be so
entrancing.
"I am a rather faint-hearted cour
tier, I'll admit," he added with an easy
laugh.
"You are, that's true," said Miss
Rodman. "Girls— especially girls like
Nan — admire aggressiveness in men.
You are altogether too passive. It
fairly made my. blood boll the way
you let that presumptuous young Wil
liams take Nan from you for a drive
Just now. What made you let her
go?" she asked suddenly.
"My dear Miss Rodman," said He,
"I am not Nan's keeper. What right
had I to say whether she should go
or stay?"
. "Act as 'if you had the tight, any
way," she advised.
Hicks laughed.
"I'm fearful of the consequences If
I did," said he. "You nee all those
years when I dwelt at the mines with
only the society of half-breeds and
Greasers have done their full work.
In the society of such women as your
sister I'm as bashful as a school
boy."
She looked at him and a frank
smile curved the corners of her mouth.
"I'll help you," she said. "If you
were like the .other men here I'd never
¦offer my services; but you're so big and
good-natured and so helpless. I'll take
pity on you."
"Thanks," he said. "I need help bad
ly. What do you Intend to do?"
"Educate you," she said, "or educate
the fear of women Jut of you. I,be
lieve I'm the only girl here you're. not
afraid of."
"May I ask for some hints, as to your
methods," he said. . <
"I'll serve as dummy and instructor
in one," she explained. "You must de
vote two weeks to me. Begin as if you
had Just met me; take me driving and
to the dances and all that sort of thing.
In short, make love to me and finally
propose. I'll watch you carefully and
give -you points. When you've taken
your diploma In this course strike out
for Nan."
Hicks straightened himself on the
veranda rail. f ¦
"I'm awfully grateful to you." he
said with conviction. "It's no end kind
of you to take this Interest and trou
ble. When do we begin?"
"No time like the present," she
laughed. . "You may go down to the
By Harry Preston
HIS TRAINING
according to the master of the castle,
of "sixteenth century work." There Is a
big armchair fashioned from the stonea
with a stuffed 'leather back set in. This
is called the queen's chair, and point
ing to a circular aperture in the stone
wall near by the host wiy tell you to
look at the most beautiful . picture of
the queen in the distance. Of course,
you go up to take a look. The opening
is set with a mirror, and your own
features grin at you from the wall.
Not far off is the Jail, a small build
ing,'also made from cobblestones. Back
through the grated doorway a picture
is arranged in such a way as to give
the effect of a criminal sitting In his
cell. Above the doorway is a lifelike
face, much resembling ex-President
Cleveland, and with a cement nose.
There are many other curious things
which must be seen to be appreciated.
Colonel Dye says that he has done all
this from. time to time to make himself
and wife a unique home and for his
own pleasure. He owns the lot back of
his home grounds, at 1550 v Tenth street,
and It is his .intention to build a flat on
this lot, so that people can enter from
Ninth street into the Wonder Tree, and
so on out to Tenth street again .without
touching the Ground if they. bo desire.
Dr. C. W. Emerson of Boston, the lec
turer and scholar, said of the oddest
house: "I have been over the world as
much as any man, and I have never
seen nor heard of anything the coun
terpart of what you have on this
place." The oddest house in California
is worth many a day's journey to 6ee.
ALFRED DEZENDORF.
In order to give the proper weight to
this sober study of applied sociology It
will be necessary to cite a few lurid In
stances from the* career of our friend,
William Henry Blnks. When Blnks
was considerably younger than he Is
now, and before the flight of time had
rubbed the once luxuriant herbage
from the corners of his forehead and
marked that same forehead with vari
ous and sundry longitudinal dimples,
he had been considerable of a rounder.
It Bill's thirst wasn't quenched It
THE old saying has It that the
child is father to the man. but to
that sage remark, as we shall at
tempt to illustrate In our poor,
weak way, should be added the other
proverb that it Is a wise child that is
able to recognize its own father. Those
-who are aware of. the extremely small
percentage of wisdom at large among
the human race will realize the pitiful
condition of ignorance to which most of
us are reduced. If the average man at
the age of 50 years could see himself at
the age of 20 he would probably swear
out a' warrant for his own arrest on the
ground of being a suspicious character
or a vagrant without visible means of
support.
record of. The only horse that a man
can really bet on with safety is a saw
horse and Eill didn't hanker to learn
anything about that particular varie
ty.
Bill's father had early tried to Im
press upon that modern edition of the
prodigal eon the importance of ac
quiring large bunches of knowledge
so that he should start square with
the boys who bad had the advantage of
being born on Indiana farms and pull-
Ing sassafras roots for a living In their
indigent youth. But Bill didn't seem
to b« particularly impressed with the
desirability of starting early. Any
thing that was to be pulled off early
aroused his displeasure unless he
could stay up all night to see It. Even
the early bird story was wasted on
him for the reason that ha believed
that the bird who stayed out all night
could gather us a pocketful of worms
on the way home and score a point
on the poor bird who had to shave
and dress and run for his train be
fore he could get to where the worms
hung out.
When the proposition was put up to
Bill that a college diploma would b«
a good thing to hang on the wall of
his office he docked and countered with
the argument that If he lingered In the
classic halls of learning the amount of
time required to land the sheepskin,
the offices would all be rented. Be
sides, he Inquired, who was going to re
imburse him for the good times that h*
hadn't had while he waa adding to tha
Incomes of the stockholders In th» Mid
night Oil Company. So hs sidestepped
and let the college course go by. The
next Idea that waa handed out to him
by the parental hand was that hs
should go Into business. That wasn't
quite so bad. because business doesn't
entirely Interfere with the Important
pursuits of life, but Bill had his doubts
about the propriety of tying a young
and high spirited colt down to hard
labor when he was Just off the grass.
The only thing that seemed left for
Bill was the House of Correction, when
he accidentally crossed the trail of a
fair, young, gentle thing with a male
parent who had so much money that
he spent most of his time going around
looking for places to lose it Bill de
cided at once that he knew an alley
where the old man could drop a bas
ketful of it any dark night. When he
made the proposition to the young
lady she admitted that there seemed
to be something In it, inasmuch as Bill
was not without certain qualities that
are supposed to appeal to the fem
inine heart. He could wear his clothes
as though they had not been worn by
more than one person before he came
Into them and he could walk Into a
room Inhabited principally by beings
of the opposite sex without falling
over a chair or getting mixed up with
the rug. These are qualities so rare
among .the common or garden Ameri
can male that Bill was a marked man
for that reason.
It Is useless to make a short story
Through the open windows came the
dreamy notes of a waltz. Hicks leaned
toward the girl and took one of her
hands In his. In the moonlight he saw
the tell-tale color creep Into her cheeks.
"You haven't any idea what your in
struction has come to mean to me."
he said. "But now that I have learned
what it means, I can't live without it.
You must instruct me through life. I
shan't say will you marry me, but you
must marry me. Betty."
She started, then :«ug/hed softly.
"Oh, yes, of course, the proposal,"
she said lightly. "I've n6 criticism to
make; It's very well done. Only you
must remember at the really critical
time that my sister's name Is Nan.
not Betty." v
"This is the critical time." said he
gravely, "and you know I'm not re
hearsing. I've not given Nan a
thought since that first ride of ours.
I've been in earnest, terribly in earn
est, all the time. Don't say you
haven't been, too."
She was silent.
"Weren't you In earnest?" he asked
In pleading tones.
'Her eyes were looking pensively, far
away, but her hand tightened about
hia.
"Did you ever suppose I was a kin
dergarten for Nan's suitors?" she
asked.
Every one is ready to leave the cupola
after this and the next thing is to
descend to the balcony of the third
story again, going the other way this
time and making another fifty feet of
distance without touching the ground.
It leads to another bridge which is at
tached to the side of the house by a
•ort of pivot and which stretches out,
aay thirty fett.'and tervrilnntes In a
On the wall is the sign that brings
forth one of the oddest things in the
house. It reads. *'Please do not spit
on the floor without permission. Spit
toon under the sofa/' If the owner
of the house is with the visitor who
reads the *ism. h« will emlle. for he
alone knows what will happen.
The visitor who reaches for the cus
pidor under the sofa gets a surprise.
He gets th * cuspidor out Just beyond
the edge of the sofa, but Just let him
re!ax his hold on the thing a bit and It
flies under th* sofa in the twinkling
of an eye. If the visitor cares to get
down on his hands and knees he may
see a queer looking spiral spring at
tached to it. No one who visits the
house and is taken in by the oddest
thing In It — the Magic Cuspidor— ever
tells any one else the secret of the sell,
10 everv one gets the full benefit of
the take-In.
The oddities are in evidence in ihe
eky parlor as well as everywhere
else. Between the windowB and above
them is a little, wall balcony, from
¦which points the index finger of a
emiling girl doll,, dressed in pink. Be
low her runs the legend, "Please reg
ister here," and on the table is the
puest register of the oddest house.
Its pages are covered with the signa
tures of people from all over the wide
earth. Famous autographs are among
them, and sometimes they are writ
ten in the Kky parlor at the rate of
more than thirty a day.
From the heart of the Wonder Tree
a narrow bridge in midair stretcher
for fifty feet and connects with the
third story of the oddest house. This
bridge is continued twice around the
house in the form of a balcony. That
completes eighty feet more of the
journey that the visitor is making in
midair. Finally the balcony makes a
eharp little twist and runs steeply up
to the cupola crowning the third story,
seventy- five feet above the ground.
From the little glass inclosed eky
parlor with its cushioned seats the
eye takes in a view that is matchless
In loveliness. Beyond the city lie
stretched the turquoise blue waters of
the bay. Beyond them rises the
great caravansary at Coronado, and
out into the clear waters creeps tem
ple-crowned Point Loma, mysterious
and 6ilent- The eye lingers on Silver
Strand and Ocean Islands, then ranges
on toward a broader panorama, tak
ing in National City, Chula Vista, the
hazy mountains and distant Mexico.
Silence is the tribute most often paid
to this picture seen from the oddest
house in California.
This trip is started on from the heart
of the Wonder Tree, which must be
thirty feet or so above the ground, and
Is reached by a flight of steps. At a
casual glance one would call the tree a
weeping willow, but the fact that it is
not is one of the queer things about it
that gives it the odd name, the Wonder
Tree. The tree in reality- is a eucalyp
tus twelve years old. Six years ago
the master of the oddest house began
the course of training on this tree which
resulted in making it truly the Wonder
Tree. Ke sawed the tree off squarely
ncroEs its trunk, many feet above the
ground. By and by the green sprouts
began to corr.e, shooting straight up
toward the sky, after the manner of
all eucalyptus kind. As fast as they
came they were each one tied by a cord
down below and trained to grow over
in a graceful spray, like the weeping
willow.
Right in the heart of this sheaf of
green streamers was built three years
later a platform, with rustic seats suf
ficient to accommodate eight people,
and wired in and out to keep the tree
branches in place as supports for the
aerial bower. Now it is as though
the seats were set in a foundation of
living green and from below the re
treat is completely hidden. Strange
ly enough, two of the green whip
like branches that were trained to
grow downward have refused to wear
any foliage, but run in and out among
the green of the Wonder Tree, in
length perhaps twenty feet or more,
and resembling dull, grayish thongs,
terminating in a few green leaves.
These two oddities have been wonder
ed at by horticulturists and scientists
alike.
s~y AN DIEGO is the proud possess-
V^X eor ot the oddest house In Cali
w*J fornia. Even its owner has a
L,_ ir y touch of quaintness, and no
X. wonder, for it is he who thought
out and planned the unheard of sur
prises and bizarre effects which greet
the visitor on even* side so long as he
remains on the premises. Who ever
heard of even- an enchanted castle with
a bouquet to perform the office of a
gate opener?
Watch what happens when to enter
the grounds of the oddest house in
California you pull a cord just above
the gateway. You have tried the gate
in every other way and the only thing
to do is to pull that cord. Swish!
From out of nowhere, apparently, like
Cinderella's coach in the transforma
tion scene, a huge bo-uquet of scarlet
geraniums end vari-colored foliage
dips down on a level with the visitors
nose. Lo! the gateway to the en
chanted castle is open and the flowers
remain invitingly suspended in mid
air. This is the beginning of the leger
demain practiced on the guileless
stranger by the owner of the place,
Coionel J. R. Dye.
He came to San Diego nine year* ago
from Nebraska, sick nigh unto death.
He was popularly expected to die
¦without further orders, but concluded
to live and put his ideas into Dye Villa,
which has evoluted year by year, as
tt were, into its present superlative
oddity. "All the work of my own
hands," proudly says the quaint man
nered owner, "and I have never had
to take back a single thing I started.
Always stuck to my original idea."
And one can quite believe this before
returning from a tour of the place.
The oddest house seems to have
everything that the fairy books of
one's childhood called for. In lieu of
the Flying Carpet of the Arabian
Nights, one may take a trip out
through space in tlie Swinging Tree.
The Enchanted Mirror, the Magic
Walk, a Fairy Fish Pond with linings
cf pearl, they" are all there. Moreover,
one has only to wish for It and a trip
may be made over the whole place and
everything be seen, inside and out of
the house, without once touching foot
to the ground.
Under an arbor is what Colonel Dye
calls the cobblestone parlor, for every
part of it, floor and all. is made from
cobblestones hauled there by his own
hands. The cobblestones are treated
with cement in fashioning the settees,
etc., and tinted a peculiar shade of
brown, that gives it the appearance,
Descending to eart>. once more, the
grounds are found to be as odd as the
bouse. One. of the oddest things is a
suspended cage filled with canaries.
From the cage to the bridge connecting
with the Wonder Tree is a sort of cir
cular tubing of wire netting about
twenty feet long, at the other end of
which there are suspended crystal
basins, into which water is constantly
dripping from above; The birds are
not well trained, for Colonel Dye usu
ally gets out the broom and by dint of
knocking on the outside of the cage
they are made to promenade through
the wire netting pathway to bathe or
drink at the farther end.
seat capable of holding a couple com
fortably, in the heart of the branches
of the Swinging Tree.
The 'branches that hold the scat
seem slender and grasping them the
tree will swing back and forth with Its
occupants a distance of three feet
either way. The sensation is not un
like that c-f being tossed on the water
and is not conducive to a feeling of
security on the part of a nervous per
son. The nivot by which the bridge
is attached to the house lets the bridge.
with its slight floor, swing eithei way
with the body of the tree. These
bridges all seem very slight in con
struction when one is walking over
them, and yet they are perfectly
strong.
THE SAN FKXNCrsCO StfNBA 1 * CXm*
Fable for tHe FoolisK
12
THE ODDEST HOUSE
IN CALIFORNIAMore fixed and stately In design Is
the Milan straw fedora, which la a
shape much affected by the young and
middle-aged alike.
However, In the matter of hats of
a finer quality, there are some others
of imported Italian braid and fancy
straw that are distinct novelties, and
which promise to become almost as
popular as either the Panama or the
Mexican palm as soon as they become
better known.
One of these Is the Italian braid
Pantourist fedora, which, though it 13
a long name, la a very expressive title
for a very picturesque hat, almost as
picturesque though a little less pliable
than the Panama itself. It la particu
larly becoming «to young men. and
when made Into the Optimo shape Is
very genteel indeed for middle-aged
men. Many of the younger set, how
ever, have appropriated . the optimo
as their own exclusive style.
The Milan straw optimo and the
Milan straw are both of similar shape,
both designed particularly for middle
aged men, but the straw Itself as well
as the weave is of a vastly different
quality from any of those mentioned
above.
weave. Any of these tnree Hats will.
however, stand any amount of rough
handling and still retain their shape.
ama. The latter, indeed, which Is not
much crushed and never creased, is.
with its wide rolling brim and pointed
peak, one of the most popular, because
the most becoming of all the new hats
of' the summer season. The negligee,
except that the brim Is more bowl
shaped and rolling, is almost an exact
copy In straw of the tan colored felt
campaign hats worn by Uncle Sam's
boys during the late war. This hat is
much affected by the younger set. pos
sibly btcause it' gives its wearer a
rakish look, a devil-may-care and
swagger air. Possibly the fact that it
Is designed peculiarly for long wear
and. hard usage may have something to
do with its popularity.
The split straw with the narrow
brim and high crown, which has been
spoken of before, and the Sennit yacht
with the fancy braid as well as the
Sennit yacht with the wide brim,
sound very much alike, while as a
matter of fact they are as different as
a woman's hats for morning and even
ing wear. The first Is of very fine,
closely woven straw, while the next
la a Little finer, bothjn weave and in
the roughness of the material, while
the last named is a hat of very striking
appearance, both as to the shape of
the hat Itself and the cut and weave
of the straw, which ils very rough and
open.
As model hats for dress-up occa
sions any of these three would not
only be appropriate, but exceptionally
becoming to clean-cut features. In
deed, the wearer of one of these hats
becomes at once the Ideal summer
man. '
As an extreme contrast to any of
the above mentioned hats are the new
creations of Mexican palm rope,
which, while they have the finish of
the Sennit yacht hats, combine th«»
fineness of weave and the pliancy of
the Panama. As before mentioned the
Mexican palm telescope is one of the
most fashionable hats of the year,
while for the man of any age, though
more particularly for the man of mid
dle age, there are the Mexican palm
optimo and the Mexican palm rope
optimo, which latter is much the
same In shape and design as the for
mer, only that it is of a little coarser
The Mexican Palm Rope
Mats That Are Rivaling' ¦
tike New Panamas
from the very soles of her low shoes.
But she went away — an -obedient lag
gard. Hale saw her descending and
stood up.
"Never, mind, Lena!" he said gently.
"Leave the flowers on the hall table
—she may., change her mind. And
here's something to buy a pair of
gloves for your trouble."
"Thank you, sir. I hope bo, sir.
Young folks do make mlstak.es some
times!" ...,:.. . •
He walked down the path and off up
the : avenue. The . maid went back to
her work. And Ruth, the package with
*p* RESPLENDENT mid - March
f I morning! Overhead a turquoise
\~~ sky. acroes which shallops of
JL pearl raced In radiant rivalry.
The trees that bordered the broad ave
nues of the residence district were
njurmurously Important, each having
harbored secrets of tha coming summer
to confide. j ,
Bertram Hale approached a charm
ing residence set back from the street.
It was a new house, all gables and gar
goyles and jutting windows and varl
hued shingles. The windows' glittered
golfienly In the morning sunshine.
"Mr. Hale!"
A shadow crossed the broad, kltrdly
face of the Swedish maid who opened
the door to him.
"I— I am sorry, but—"
She faltered. It was eagy enough to
utter the falsehood sanctioned by con
vention to any other caller. But to
him who had always been so gay, so
courteous, so truly the kind of a lover
that all the world perforce must love,
the found it impossible to speak the
sentence with which he was to be
greeted.
"That's all right, Lena," he eald,
quite as cordially as though she had
held the door wide for him in the old
fashion, instead of standing stolidly on
the threshold. "I know Miss Ruth
wished you to say she was not at home
to me. But — she Is at home, if not to
roe. I want 'you to take her this box,
Lena." He extended a square parcel
D£ he epoke. "There^are pansles in it.
Pansies, you know, stand for kind
thoughts."
"I will try," Lena assured him. with
friendly willingness. "Come into the
hall— the parlor."
"No, I'll wait here." young Hale de
cided, and sat down on the ledge of
the porch.
"Mr. Hale," she -fd coaxlngly,
"he says will you come down to . see
him Just one little minute."
Ruth Seldon was- not a beauty, al
though Bertram Hale would have dis
puted this assertion. But she was a
mighty attractive looking girl. The
kimona of silvery silk which she
wore, with its shell-pink lining, and
loosely-knotted, gold-fringed girdle,
was Just the thing to bring out tha
fresh tints of her skin and the clear
luster of her blue, black-lashed eyes.
"Take it back, Lena!" she com
manded. "Say to Mr. Hale that I
cannot receive him. Tell him that he
will be handed a — a package from me
this afternoon."
Lena knew well what that package
would contain. For on the desk were
letters— nyiny letters. On the shelf
over the desk a photograph frame
still stood, but the handsome face that
used to smile forth from it so sun
nily was 'there no longer. A tiny
leather box topped the letters., Lena
could not be positive what the box
contained, but she did notice that no
ring with 1 one white, flaming stone
sparkled -as formerly on the hand of
her young mistress.
"He does look that sad, Miss!"
Lena remarked, lingering. "I — I think
maybe he is sick." she Insinuated.
Ruth flushed and her lips parted
irresolutely. The next instant she
turned back to her desk.
"Take him back the flowers— I sup
pose they are flowers — and the mes
sage at once!"
Lena's sigh seemed to be drawn
Ruth Seldon looked up from her
desk.
"Come!" she called.
Lena, her flat, muscular figure
gowned In trim blue and white, her
girth of body encircled by the strings
of a snowy apron and a bit of a cap
adjusted stiffly on her sandy hair, ad
vanced, parcel In hand. IT
rctorrrlitA. IK*, br Kate M. Omit.)
all her love letters and little love
tokens tied neatly up and ready to re
turn, sat looking with a feeling of
strange desolation at the frame which
had held the picture of Bertram Hale.
She wondered as the glorious spring
day wore away how It would seem to
go on and on without him through all
the days to come. She was right to
break with him. He had been wrong to
show Mabel Harvey s- much attention,
even if she was his cousin, and here on
a visit. He had almost forgotten one
of the dances she had promised him,
because he had been showing: Mabel tha
family portrait But — how strange It
would seem not to look forward to his
approval whenever she donned a new
dress, or* learned a new song, or
chanced on some beautiful thought or
story. *
Tes. It would be all very strange —
and sad, but doubtless she would be
come used to the separation. Only—
A quick shriek startled her. It came
from below stairs. It was such a choked
cry of horror as she fancied might be
uttered by one suddenly assailed—
stabbed! 1: ; :-
She sprang up, ran to the door and
down the stairs.
The front door stood ajar. Ruth could
see the gray-clad form of the postman
crossing the street from their house.
Lena, ghastly white, an open letter in
her rough hand, was leaning against
the banister. She had received some
terrible shock.
"Lena!" cried the girl. "Tell me what
is wrong!"
Mutely the'peasant woman held out
the letter.
"I cannot read It," Ruth cried. "It
is in your language. Tell me! You
have had bad news?"
. "De worst news— -de worst!" she
panted. Her stricken, face was up
lifted. Its pathetic hopelessness— Its
bitter abandonment, went straight to
the heart of the girl beside her.
"It is my lover. Miss Ruth! He
vas to be my man — but I did get angry
and sail avay with mine own people,
and say no, I vould not marry him.
But he did write to me, and I vaa
sorry, and I did answer and say to
him to come. But now he Is dead
he is dea'd!" Her voice rose Into a
pitiful wall. "He Is dead and he can
nefer come any more at all — not efer
any more!"
Then there was no sound save her
broken, desolate sobbing-. Ruth Sel
don put both arms around the broad
shoulders. She kissed the wet cheeks
and smoothed the coarse, yellow hair.
"Poor Lena!' she whispered. "Poor
Lena! Come and lie down. No, never
mind the work! Come!"
She shut the door and drew the
maid away, up -to her own room.
"I said I did not lofe him — but I
did! I vaa angry, and I say vot vaa
not true. Now he vill nefer know
that I did lofe him alvays — that I vill
never have no other man In all my
life — for he vaa the only vun for me!"
When she had Quieted the suffering
creature, Ruth left her and went back
to her desk. She looked at the pack
age, at the frame from which the pic
ture was absent. It seemed as though
this news that had been sent from over
the sea had come directly to her. What
if the message had been of Bertram?
Would she be angry now, resentful?
Bit by bit she went over their little
dissensions. Wa3 it worth a heart
ache, when all was said? Could she
ever love any other as she loved him?
Her heart gave prompt reply.
Meehanfcally. she untied the pack
age, and replaced the picture in the
frame— the letters in the draper, tha
other treasures each in Its accustomed
place. Then she opened the tiny box
and took out a ring that sparkled like
a star of promise, and slipped It on her
linger.
"For he vas de only vun for me!"
"Poor Lena!" said the girl who. with
shining eyes and rose-red cheeks, went
downstairs to the telephone. On the
way she paused to open the little box
on the hall table, and to fasten the
panslea over her heart.
OVER THE SEA
KATE CLEAR
"The Panama," said Hatter Tom Dil
lon the other day, "will always be
popular, because it wears bo well, will
stand any amour.! of crushing and
soiling, can be readily cleaned and
molded anew Into any desired shape,
but the fact remains that it is not
nearly as faehlonab'.e this year as one
or two other creations, the split straw
of very fine, close weave, with narrow
brim and high crown, for instance, or
the Mexican palm telescope hat, which
is even more becoming than the Pan
ama and not so expensive. Though in
the matter of cost, as well as in the
variety of style and shape and the dlf
farent materials used there never was
a more remarkable season than the
present summer, everybody is wear
ing straws of tome sort, and for tha
most part th*y are all of the new,
fashionable chapes."
One of the distinct novelties Is in the
most approved style of the Sennit
yacht hat with wide brim and mode
rately high crown, which is nothing
znera or lees than a crush hat like tha
f**hlona.ble opera hats for evening
•w*x. Indea4, It Is made precisely like
the crash opera hats, except In sim
ilarity of shape, and may be crushed as
Cat aa the proverbial pancake, for only
the brim and the crown are of straw.
the wide basd "being: of silk, wherein'
the folding springs are concealed. Ai-
according to one of our leading hatters,
the Panama is not the eole harbinger
of the season, nor the only correct
model for genteel wear by any manner
o? means.
mental. AH the newest crea
tions in fancy straw and similar fab
rics are not being designed for the
fair sex alone, as a glance in a Ehop
window devoted exclusively to mascu
line attire will amply demonstrate.
Whether it is due to the growing*
vanity of the hitherto indifferent
6terner sex or to the keener competi
tion among the manufacturers to pro
duce greater novelties and wider varie
ty In summer hats is a question that
perhaps does not matter very much.
The main fact is that there nevtr were
bo many different styles of fashionable
hats to choose from for hot weather.
There are straw hats for the young
man. etraw hats for the middle-aged
man. straw hats for the old man and
straw hats for the boy. Each age has
its own particular and exclusive style
more pronouncedly this year than ever
before, and whit Is more surprising.
THIS is the season when, in the
matter of headgear at least, the
women do not have a monopoly
on the fashions costly and orna-
ready one or two of these trick hats
have made their appearance on the
street during hot days or at the the
ater of a particularly warm evening,
and have created much amusement
when suddenly squashed flat, and no
end of a sensation when sprung Into
perfect shape again. And they are
among the jauntiest of the new mod
els.
Even the Panama has undergone
much revision in shape and style, and.
It is now to be seen in much greater
variety. For instance, there is still the
Fedora of former, years, tout the crown
is a little higher and the brim is not
so wide. Next there is the Panama
optimo, to give it its professional
name, which means a hat with a flat
top, with or without the ridge along
the top like the modish crease .down
a new pair of fashionable trousers.
This is designed more partlcularly^for
middle, aged men, though it is much
worn by the younger set, ror.it Is very
becoming to a strong, rugged face.
In contrast to both of tnese are the
negligee Panama and the Dolnted*Pan-
THE SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY CAIH
The New Styles That Are
Designed for Young, Old
and Middle- Aged Men
13
FASHIONABLE SUMMER HATS FOR MEN
"THE FUGITIVE "
Specially Illustrated by Australia's Foremost Jewish Artist—Bert Levy
Ezra S. Brudno's Great Novel of the Jews in Russia and Americaj*»yt hs rsns the grave danger of .be
ing, as -badly deceived as the man at
•the bat, I with possible injury | to him
self;. -. ..,:,. ; , ¦ ¦.:.-;'-¦ ;.:
It is for this reason that each .team
has a set of signals perfectly under
stood" between pitcher and catcher.
and In tlw science of the sport, : when
the game is at its most exciting period,
both make the most : careful use of
$hem. It is* then that the pitcher and
catcher really control the game be
tween them. It is then that the issue
of the game devolves upon them, al
most solely. The figures in the field
may be said to be there only for emer
gency. In the papers the next .day
the pitcher get* th« credit for winning
ger than any other player on the
team. Until the man at the bat has
had ! two strikes or unless there are
men . on bases ; he . can stand far back
from~the; home plate and let the balls
pass. him at will, but before the third
strike he must- move up so close to the
plate' that the whizzing- bat scarcely
misses his nose and not only stop the
ball, buit hold It.
It . is In thl3 contingency that the
catcher makes * free use of his secret
signals, f of. as well as the pitcher ho
has learned to know the peculiarities
; of each and. every batter and knows
-best how to act, while at the same time
if the bases arc full* of runners, the
•necessity for skillful, concerted play-
And thus ,wlth an appreciation of
the velocity of the pitcher's delivery
and the importance of the secret sig
nals it can be very "readily seen how*
dangerous - to the catcher Is the
"cross" ball, which means that the
pitcher has totally disregarded, the
signal and deceived the catcher as well
as the batter.
. For instance, if the catcher signals
Xone finger on the glove)* for a fast
ball, which means a straight ball
thrown directly across the home plate,
and the pitcher sends a curved ball
Instead, not only the batter but the
catcher is liable to be. deceived and
the catcher in particular Is apt tor be
hurt. Likewise when he signals for a
If you could be behind. the bat for &
very few minutes and receive i one or
?wo, If not more, of a- skilled pitcher's
"hot'.' ones, you would not be at all
surprised. Or perhaps you would.be.
It Is the experience of a lifetime in
any event.
No matter how spectacular the
work of the man In the pitcher's box
may appear to the crowd on the
bleachers or in the grandstand, or
even to the man at the bat himself,
it is only the catcher who knows the
real velocity of. each ball. He Is there
to stop it,' and many a swift flying
-baseball has a nasty little habit of
playing tricks not 'intended by the
pitcher or anticipated by. either Ui3
batter t th% catoheiw. ."*- .
The observance of this rule devolves
particularly on the catcher, for unless
he "sets" himself properly at all times,
whether- catching the batter out or th«
runner at the home plate or In throw
ing to bases, he Is likely to strain him
self or be injured In some such mix-up
u I have described.
But the danger from the batter and
pitcher are not the only difficulties a
catcher ha3 to contend with. In a re
cent game on Pugft Sound one of the
runners while sliding to base struck
h!s head aralsst the leg of the base
man. Concussion of the brain -was th«
result, while the man at the bag was
scarcely less badly bruised. These, of
course, may be said to be the excep
tional Injuiie3. but nevertheless they
are risks which the catcher has to
take in even a greater degree than any
other player on the team.
This accident could have been avoid
ed had the baseman not been so "set"*
as the phrase goes in baseball parlance.
v.h!ch means that he should not hav»
stood so rigidly at the bag. but have
allowed his body that freedom of move
ment and laxity that would hav« In
sured him giving ground in such a
heavy Impact, and so saved both th»
runner and himself.
slow ball and a straight fast ball is
sent, ho reaches for the ball in th«
place he expects it to be delivered and
finds that it lands somewhere else
entirely, and usually upon his own
anatomy.
Add to this the complication that 13
likely to ensue when the batter cre
ates a foul tip and the wonder is that
the catcher suffers nothing: more than
a broken or twisted finger, a dislocated
Joint or a sprained knuckle, where ha
might have hia arm broken or- b«
killed outright, as was the case in a
bis Eastern same several years ago
when a foul ball struck the catcher full
on the point of the chin and ended his
life instantly.
• - . , ...--- ...- . ¦ • . ¦ . 1. . - ¦ . . ».
UTHE SAN FRANCISOD' SUNDAY CALD.
PRAKK NEWHOUSE,
who wrote "How to De
velop a Star Pitcher" for
The Sunday Call two
weeks ago. and who now fol
lows it with the article on this
page entitled "Dangers of the
Hero Behind the Bat." is him
self an athlete as well as a
trainer of note. Besides having
boxed in the ring himself, he
has trained such notable fight
ers as "Young Corbctt." "Kid"
Parker, Benny Yanger, Joe
Bernstein, Mike Schreck,
"Rube" Smith, etc.. while dur
ing the past few years he has
been the official trainer and in
structor for several of the big
national ball leagues; Denver
in rooo. Colorado in loor, Los
Angeles in 1902, Portland Na
tionals in 1903, and the San
Francisco team at the present
time. Between the ball seasons
he trained the Denver Wheel
Club Football Team in 1001-02
and the University of Southern
California Football Team in
ioo.r Thus he has acquired an
enviable reputation in his art,
and therefore knows whereof
he writes.
Even when well protected by a
strong mask, a stoutly compressed
protector and a heavy, glove, there is
more danger in a "foul, tip" or a
"cross" ball than the spectator real
izes, though of the two the- "cross" Is
perhaps the most dangerous, seeing
that it involves the deception of the
catcher himself.
All the art and skill of the pitcher
has been developed to deceive the bat
ter. That Is the reason for the curve,
the slow ball, the drop ball and the
straight ball; but unless the catcher
has been notified by a prearranged
signal just what sort of a ball to ex-
the game by his baffling delivery, but
It Is the man behind the bat, about
whom nothing is said, who really
should have as much, if not more, .of
the glory that belongs to the victors.
Of course. In the early stages of th<*
game the catcher is in no more dan-
For all positions on a team It is the
Tr.cn behind the bat who continually
runs the greatest risk. He Is in dan
ger from the pitcher and In danger
obliged to retire from the game
for weeks at a time either by the
pitcher "crossing" them or a wild ball,
which splits or breaks their fingers.
Not very long ago Tommy Leahy,
catcher for the Friscos, while playing
at Fresno had his finger split by a
ground ball, which resulted in his
being retired from the game for-sev
cra.1 weeks. Veteran Pete Lohman
has beer, having trouble of -much the
tsarne cort, but the wonder is not that
catchers are hurt behind th« bat, but
that more are not hurt.
IN the past five years many young
catchers have suffered such seri
ous injury that they have been
You will often observe if you are a
devotee of the game that all ballplay
ers have one or more broken or
twisted fingers, but the most crippled
of the lot are tho hands of the catcher.
Just notice the throwing hand of any
of them and you will see how all the
knuckles are enlarged and distorted.
In the science of the sport, all things
being equal, the game lies altogether
with the pitcher and his catcher. The
best catching in the league will be of
little avaif if the pitching is wild and
unreliable, while it would be worse
than useless to be a past master of
curves, drop balls and swift straights
If the catcher was unable to receive
and hold the delivery. Each depends
absolutely upon the other, each must
play up to the other and so it is a
much mooted question as to which is
the most Important to a team — the
catcher or the pitcher. But, as I want
to repeat again, it la the man behind
the bat who is the real hero of the
game.
from the batsman, while he is just as
likely to suffer injury In a scrimmage
when a runner is making a wild dash
for the home plate. But even in the
best ordered game 'his hands have to
undergo a terrible bruising.
Ing between both tfitnglTWier aafl CD*
catcher Is all •&• greater. *
Thu 8 if the pitcher has been throw*
Ing a swift ball for two strfkt» and
the catcher think he can b« most
readily fooled . by a . change of deliv
ery, he gives a secret signal for a slow
ball, which with some teams is shown
by, putting the tips of all four fingers
on the palm of the catching glove. Th«
signal for a curve ball is two fingers
on the palm of the glove with the rest
of the hand closed, while for a fast
baH'only the index flnger'of the right,
hand !s used. Likewise when the
catcher, wants a ball sent directly over
the plate he holds his hands • straight
before him in the catching attitude
Just before "the pitcher is ready to
make his delivery.
However,^ with the exception of this
last all -of the signals, must - be given
bo that none of the men of the oppos
ing: team on the side lines can see
them, and so communicate. them to th«*
man at the " bat," which ' is frequently
done, notwithstanding that there is a
rule" of the - game against- it.
- We- must • not forget that the \ great
object of training Is not merely to make
children obedient. It" is not .to make
them behave. , It is not to keep them
quiet, v. It is not to make them admired
by : others." It is not to please our own
selfish vanity In any one of many ways.
The great purpose of " training is to
make out of, each what- the Almighty
evidently intended him to be.
We are all very apt to treat with too
little consideration the child ¦ of quick
temper./ Many employers prefer, clerks
who have violent temper.' They under
stand that it is a form of energy, and
if the temoer is controlled the indi
viduals can accomplish a great deal
more than those without temper. If a
child , shows temper much Of the time
this requires different treatment. Such
a ¦ child should be . kept • busy, as much
as; possible," with some manual play or
work. The parent must be careful- not
to show temper when the child, does.
It Is probable that the child gets his
temper honestly, but' if the parent. Is
not careful scars of more. than one kind
may; be - left, and remain for many
years— scars ) which .even future kind
ness can never "efface.
Other .things being equal, the indi
vidual who can control himself is likely
to be most happy. Whether or not a
person is liable to control himself will
largely' depend upon his training In
early life. At times it may require only
loving kindness upon the part of 'the
parent; or it may require much firm
ness also. Almost all children can be
taught self-control when -young. That
is the time to help them. Life with,
them Is a constant warfare.* We must'
stand ready to help them battle against
self, as well as against- outside influ
ence. i.Don't bribe your child to control
himself in any way. This is a great
mistake, and evil results will have to
be borne later by /both parents and
child. '
There is no place for scolding or
nagging in the ; training of children.
Yet how many of us are apt to do so.
Some say they do this so that they
need not whip -their children. But
this will have a worse effect on a
child's . character • than a reasonable
amount of whipping, Inflicted at a
proper time and In a proper manner.
If a child has done wrong he should
be spoken to in a kindly and, if nec
essary, in a very firm tone. How
ever, It should be done in the natural
tone of voice at, all times. '-
We are apt to magnify the faults of
children. Let us remember that many
of the so-called faults are not faults,
but are natural actions, which they
should and will outgrow.
When you hesitate as to whether I or
not you •, should .refuse some : request
made, do, not consider whether the re
quest would have 'been a- foolish one
for. you, -but rather " whether '¦> it is a
proper one for' the child. The child who
finds he is treated' in' this way will not
hesitate to ask for things which other
wise he would get by stealth;
"don't" to our- children too often?
One is reminded of the boy, who,
when asked his name, said his right
name was "Willie Smith." but it
seemed to be generally "Willie Don't."
Many children are completely ruin
ed by the threats which parents make
and fail to carry out. How often we
promise to do something "next time."
What a mistake! We should do some
thing now. or say nothing. A little
punishment or rewarding in the pres
ent is more powerful than ten times
the amount, promised for delivery at .
some future time. As "a barking dog
never bites," so It Is almost certain
that a parent who threatens . much
seldom . fulfills . the . promises made.
How soon the ' child discovers this!
Strive never to make threats which^
cannot or should not be carried. out.
Then )"make good."
It will thus be apparent that It Is
r.ot necessary to eo to great expense —
not necessary to have costly parties In
order that the day may be properly
celebrated. The spirit Is the Im
portant reQUleite. Given that, all else
may be omitted; without that, every
thing will be wanting.
Nine out of ten children are subject
ed to too much restraint. Children
should be permitted to do what they
wish unless there Is good reason for
their not doing so. When a child raises
The remembrance may be no more
than a kits or a bunch of flowers or
Eome ether similar expression of love.
In one family a boy on his birthday
received a pencil from one brother, a
knife from another, a box of writing
paper from his sister, some newly
baked gingercake from his mother and
25 cents from bis father. Even this was
more expensive than need be to prove
that the day was not forgotten by
those who loved him and were crlad
that he was one of the family. To
those who are absent even a brief note
•will be more highly prfzedthan would
many^presents be under other circum
stances.
If you remember a child's birthday
he will discover that you are really
glad that he 13 here. It wJU never be
.forgotten. You will find that he will
Hake sreat pleasure In remembering
yours during the years which are to
come.
THIS observations of these anniver
saries arc a source of far greater
rood than most parents think.
The remembrance and celebration
of them bring the different members of
the family closer together and small
differences are forgotten. The loving
thoughts connected with the prepara
tion of something for" the occasion will
Increase and multiply with the passing
years. - c/<
By WILLIAM J. SITEARER.
It Is very important that we parents
should appreciate the necessity of leav
ing children to themselves, that they
may do about as they wish. While the
child roust be trained, it is not neces
sary that he should be under supervi
sion all the time. If he is, he Is likely
to become so antagonistic that he can
not be trained as he should. ¦
One great mistake, which most of
us parents make, is that we uejoo
willing to take issue with • our chil
dren ; upon every occasion. • No pa
rent should hesitate to do so when It
is necessary. Such as do will suffer
later. However, Issues can be avoid
ed by exercising a small amount of
tact and common sense. It Is espe
cially necessary wjth children of cer
tain temperaments at times. • It is ab
solutely necessary that the parents
should strive to avoid direct Issues.
Is It not true that all of us say
There is a great tendency to over
training on the part of ministers and
others who are intensely interested in
the proper management of their chil
dren. The failure of such in the train
ing of their children has almost become
proverbial. It is certainly not because
of lack of love or Interest; but, realiz
ing the importance of proper training
there Is apt to be too much training.
Then, too, it must be remembered that
the failings of these children are likely
to be unduly magnified by both parents
and others.
an objection In a proper spirit, it is
sometimes proper, to give reasons. For
example, suppose a boy is told not to
take the shortest way. He may be told
the reason then; or, later, it may be
well to tell him you knew there was a
cross dog at the corner, and that you
feared that he might be bitten. Care
should also be taken to express pleas*
ure that the question was asked in the
way that it should have been asked,
and that there was no hesitation about
obedience.
SUGGESTIONS FROM PARENTS' QUESTIONS
14
DANGERS OF THE HERO BEHIND THE BAT.face of the old lady by the bridge com
panion Is a violent contrast In emotion.
Her face, Rembrandtesquo In its In
tensity of light and shade, tells (he
story of many sorrows. She Is going
to the States to see a son who Is 'in
trouble," we gather (you know how
this sort of news leaks out) and every
body aboard feels sorry and wants to
show it. Somebody proffers her a rug:,
another a book, which she accepts with,
a smile. (What a feeble smile it Is!)
She makes a pretense at reading, but
presently she puts the book aside with
a sigh and sits thinking, thinking, al
ways thinking.
Petty beside this appear -the Imagi
nary troubles of a dear little American
girl who has been spending a couple of
years in New Zealand.
- "Say," she mournfully complains in
broad "American accent, "everybody Is
saying that I don't talk a bit like an
American. I do hope that isn't true. I
want everybody to know I'm an Ameri
can and that I'm going home."
She sits on th* bridge companion
steps, her blue eyes looking wistfully
homeward. "I do wish this old boat
would Ju3t hurry." she keeps saying.
One morning our cyclist-hating Eng
lishman nearly worked himself into an
apoplectic fit. He had come upon a
book 'of essays on a vacant deck chair
and settled' himself to read. Presently
the crack cyclist happened along and
claimed the book as his.
"By gad, sir," said the Johnny, sub
sequently describing the incident to his
clique . in the smoking-room, "the
boundafc actually reads Ruskln. Ten
nyson and all our othah top-notchers."
There are a few nervous people on
board who. in anticipation of their
visit to the United States, have "read
up" works on America. Foster Fraser's
"America at "Work." Kipling's "From,
Sea to Sea," and "A Frenchman's Im
pressions of America" are much in evi
dence — as a consequence a few people
are asking each other for Information
about "bunko-steerers" and such like
dangerous things. For the special
benefit of the nervous ones the funny
man on board told the following yarn:
"The Amalgamated Bunkc-Steerers*
Society of San Francisco, which boasts
a membership, list 15,000 strong, has
what they call its Intelligence depart
ment; that is. It keeps paid members
of the society on all boats and trains
to put chalk marks upon the backs of
passengers worth exploiting. The
chalk marks denote to the operating
members on shore the extent of the
bearer's belongings. Passengers leav
ing the steamer at Frisco with chalk
marked coats advise the bunko-steerers
on wharf duty th© exact extent of
their valuables and where they are
going to put up."
"I'll tell you something m confi
dence," whispered the low-comedy
man, and his listeners expectantly
drew closer. "There are seven mem
bers of the Amalgamated Bunko-
Steerers* Society's intelligence staff on
this ship now."
And the low-comedy man left a group
of nervous men obligingly looking for
chalk-marks on each other's backs.
It was the privilege of the writer tat
accompany the commander and his of
ficers on his daily tour of "inspec
tion." The progress of the official par
ty throughout the huge vessel la
marked by the severest discipline. The
care and attention bestowed upon tha
most minute details is simply as
tounding. Now and again during tho
tour the captain would stop to speak a
few kindly words to a poor foreigner
In the steerage, or, while his eagle eye
took in the sanitary condition of a
sick man's cabin, a cheery story from
7\ JTR. BERT LEVY, who ar
l \/\ rived in San Francisco two
y,/ J weeks ago on the Sonoma
JL from Australia, is one of the
best-known artists in the Antipodes.
For over ten years he was connected
with the Sydney Bulletin, one of the
largest papers in the colonies, where
he made himself famous ,for his pic
tures depicting the Jewish character,
while for the last four years he has
been on the staff of The Age, pub
lished by the multi-millionaire, David
Symes, in Melbourne, where he gained
even greater prominence for his
sketches of the Jewish type in par
ticular, and his cartoons of famous
men in general, as well as for the
able articles from his pen which ac
companied all his drawings. At the
same time he is known professionally
as one of the best fcenic artists that
has ever painted for the big theaters
in Australia.
Mr. Levy is himself a Jew, who was
born in Australia, and his present
visit, which, by the way, is his first
trip across the Pacific, is made ex
pressly for the purpose of closing ne
gotiations with one of the big East
ern publishing houses for the repro
duction of a series of his Jewish pic
tures, among which is the "Tephillan,"
which is a marvelous study of an aged
Jew in the midst of the orthodox
prayer, and the '"Kaddish," which de
picts a Jewish father and his two sons
with tear-stained faces turned toward
the east while they repeat a prayer
for the departed wife and mother. It
is the strength and pathos as well as
the absolute fidelity to the Jewish
characteristics that have won. Ench
widespread praise and admiration for
these works.
It is perhaps a remarkable coinci
dence that simultaneous with Mr.
Levy's arrival the Sunday Call should
be preparing for the publication of
"The Fugitive," a new novel, fresh
from the hands of the author. Ezra S.
Brudno, less than three months ago,
b'Jt which has already become one of
the most talked of books in both
Europe and America because of the
masterful way it depicts the life of
the Jews both in Russia and New
York, and which Mr. Sorners, the head
of the book department at the Em
porium, declares will be one of the
biggest selling books of the year.
Beginning next Sunday, June 12, it
will be published comolete in five in
stallments, and in order ta make its
appearance all the more notable, Mr.
Levy has been specially commissioned
to remain in San Francisco and il
lustrate it lavishly from beginning to
end in his best style, exclusively for
the Sunday CalL
Thus under the Sunday Call's
liberal and progressive literary policy
of giving its readers the very latest
high class literature by the best writ
ers of the day, there has been secured
DAINTT guide books scattered
throughout the big ocean liners
describe the beauties of the Isl
and paradise on the route from
the Antipodes to California, but no
mention Is made of the chief beauty of
travel— the beauty of human compan
ionship that is fully matured on board
ship. Amusing, indeed, it Is to watch
the gradual thawing of the icy man
ners adopted by some people at the
etart of the voyage. The sour-faced,
sarcastic man who found fault with
the nuts and cheese two hours out from
Evfiney proves by the time we reach
faces were characteristic of the pick
tortured surfaces of the alluvial* fields
of old Ballarat and Bendigo, (heir na
tive towns, were in earnest conversa
tion with morose types of British globe
trotters, and, 'like the high light on a
pleasing picture, was the animated but
friendly discussion between an Arch
bishop and a German Jew. "Where else
but amid the friendly environments en
gendered by a long ocean voyage could
such Ideal conditions prevail 7
There Is a lady on board who would
prove a veritable gold mine of copy
to a writer of farce. She appears at
breakfast in black satin and diamonds
and does not keep the story of her daily
life a secret. ...¦¦-
"Every morning of my life," she tells
her neighbors at the. table in a con
fidential whisper that can be heard
above the roar of steam and storm,
"my maid brings a cup of tea to my
bedside," and then almost In the. same
breath she summons a passing stew
ard: "Hey, mister, fetch us a bit more
toast."'
Th- passengers at -a certain saloon
table rejoiced, in the -possession of an
Irish-Australian mining magnate, and
the unconsciously humorous ¦ remarks
that he let fall were as rich and plenti
ful aa gold speaks In the. wash-dirt of
the renowned ' district from which he
hailed. - • •
"Good mornlnV he said, seating him
self at breakfast. "We'll pass the Ven
toora this mornln', I belalve."
.One of . his, table mates ventured the
opinion that we had passed -our sister
ship in th« night. - . •
"Oh, no," end the Irishman, "I was
talkin' to wan of the .officers while he
was cleaning the floor ¦ in ¦ the smoking
room an' he ' said we'd pass It ' this
mornin'." .. . . ~
¦ .To leave the crowd of good-natured,
happy fellows holding a "Calcutta" on
the ship's run and to look at the sad
not only a brand new novel, by a
writer who is said to have laid bare
the inner secrets of his own life in
"The Fugitive," but the superb and
authentic art work of a man equally
famous from another far distant
quarter of the trlobe both brought to
gether for the first time in one edition
to picture the sorrows and sufferings,
the ideals and the history of their
own race, as well as to reveal the se
cret of the cause and the effect of
their ceaseless persecution through
the ages.
In the following article Mr. Levy
has written of the humors and de
lights of s trip across the Pacific on
a big Oceanic liner and illustrated it
with some characteristic drawings
which speak for themselves. They
are however, mere rapid sketches,
giving no idea of the real skill and
power shown in his finished work.
the captain would gratify the occu
pant
Of course, the beauties of the Island
scenery en route have been described
again and again. Americans are fa
miliar with the grand in nature, for at
their own" door nature haa laid many
treasures. * But like unto an oasis In
the desert is Honolulu to an Australian
who has painted all his life among the
gum trees of his own dear country and
leaves it for the first time to gaze upon
the Island.
The writer stood spellbound for aa
hour beside the celebrated Pall - and
felt for the first time that to try to
Imitate, nature with brush aad paint
is, after all, only a little mockery. All
the adjectives that one eaa apply to
Honolulu have been applied b«£ars
scores of times, and one who really
feels it deep down can only sign and
say nothing.
And now the rattle of wtne gla»3es
and the Bound of "For fce*» ajoCy good
fellow." "We are a day off Frisco. In
the bright* warm saloon tn« Archbish
op has Just proposed the health, of the
President of . the United States of
America.
Well, It's the sort of voyaga that
Americans are taking more and more
— this trip across the- Paclflo in an
Oceanic liner. But It Is not given to
everybody to be a young Australian
and to . feel the blood tingling at the
recollection of. many happy. Jolly days
and "nights" out on the Pacific with
real . "white" American boys. You
crowd of bright American bovs and
girls who came aboard at Honolulu,
those little snatches of .Hawaiian na
tive airs you hummed have sunk right
down into my soul with the • beautiful
color of the Pali, the Punchbowl and
all those other things that make up
my dream of the Paradise of the Pa
cific ¦ ; *•-.'-/• - - ' . , ¦¦
the Johnny. r ." : } ¦; ' - »» . ;
But presently, the little group of
. On the fifth day out rrom Sydney a
returning American crack cyclist who
had "scooped" big money "out there"
was the center of the multifarious
group that goes to make up a typical
ship's .smoking-room crowd. .English
Johnnies returning home by the "short,
quick route? 'and Incidentally taking
in the "ah— St. Louis— ah— Exposition—
ah"; robust ' Australians going to
have >a look at the States;
smart", young" -Americans who had
made a '"¦. bit "out there" and
are off home to look for novelties for
the colonies; big, fine New Zealanders,
picked up at' Auckland; gentle-man
nered Hawaiian* who had come aboard
flower-bedecked at lovely Honolulu,
all wect to. make up that Jolly; after
dinner smoking room atmosphere which
la one of the most charming character
istics of a trip on a big ocean liner.
The big erellst had "bad a corking
time \ out , there" ,' and • wouldn't ' hear a
word against Australians or the Aus
tralian "boys." , - 1. .' :
"Bay," he repeated. " 'Muriea may be
Ood's country, .but -when Ood wants a
good time I guess, he goes . out thur." ;
,The cydlstytras a, bluff and hearty
Calif ornian boy, who had made himself
extremely, popular .with the passengers,
but had evidently got Upon ¦ the . nerves
of | a , rather . elongated, loud-checked,
haw-hawing English 1 Johnny. ; ¦
'nevah,^ nevah \ traveled ! wltn
Americans befoah.; I : ; think* they are
extremely ' olevah. -very; clevah; but I
object | to 1 their awful twang— ah," said
Amerlcans in the corner got even with
"the Englishman. He had been "spout-
Ing" about his English home, his motor
cars and pack of hounds, his shooting
box, etc., but his statement that It was
"quite seventeen— ah— miles, don't yer
•know, from our hall door to- the gate
keeper's lodge" inspired , a subdued
.chorus (to the concluding bars of "Auld
Lang Syne"), led by the cyclist, which
* was more expressive than elegant.
Again' and again from the American
stronghold rang out that tender and
beautiful ¦; air and shattered' the
Johnny's . highly-colored jj pictures of
his. stately English home.. The
-enormous value he . put upon
his ' mother's family Jewels was
punctured by the "chorus, rendered
fortissimo, and when the good-natured
raillery finally drove him away in a
blustering rage the atmosphere became
\ delightfully social— everybody "lighted
up," chairs ' were drawn closer, and
•looking upon 'the : scene through the
haze of tobacco smoke one could
scarcely realise that we were thousands
of miles 'from anywhere, in the midst
of the Pacific. Here were men gathered
from the four Quarters of the globe, op
posing forces, as "it were, artistically
blended by the companionship of a long
'voyage into "one harmonious composi
tion. Bearded and bronzed - men who
.'; had made '. their, money . from the soil
far out— back in the "never-never" land
,of 'Australia— men who had gamely
I lived '.: down . many ; a v heart-breaking
drought," were "swapping yarns" with
delicate looking . Oxford scholars and
sons ' of wealthy English / merchants.
Sturdy; miners, whose deeply furrowed
Auckland %o be at heart ("as my young
American table-mate puts it) "a reg-lar
crackajack of a fellow and real
•white/" The little cliques that stood
(separated like the Islands on the map
of the Pacific) on the promenade- deck
as we left Sydney became as close as
the United States two days out. The
high-toned lady, who considers so-and
so "no class" (and does not keep her
opinion to. herself) at the. start of the
journey i Is I seen nursing the no-class
one's baby before the -vessel has regis
tered one day's run across the Pacific
Table grumblers, as a rule, are beau
tifully silent after about ten hours
have elapsed.- There .are some people
who live on bread and Jam all the year
round, and when they are invited to a
wedding adversely criticize the cham
pagne. This class of table grumbler Is
irrespressible, but gets a bad time from
healthy passengers! And no voyage
could bring forth more humor than a
trip across the Pacific on one of these
big liners. . : . . y
"They say dat Pritannia rules .dt
waves," said a sick Jew the first day
out, leaning over the ship's rail. and
mournfully anticipating an Internal dis
turbance.- "Veil, I vtsh she'd V ruled
'em straight." .
The sight of some bright American
boys placing an empty whisky bottle
and a glass by the deck chair of the
sleeping Archbishop is calculated to
bring a smile to the most melancholy
face, and when the "Johnny" who has
been minutely describing his "twenty-
eight voyages across the Pacific, don't
yer know," and his absolute proof
against seasickness, turns pale and sud-
dcnly dives below for bis cigar case (as
he puts it), the crowd fairly shakes
with laughter. v
It Is astonishing: how quickly people
ret to know one • another aboard ship.
Lifelong friendships are bought by the
loan of three antl-bllious pills and the
giving away of a little bit of corn
plaster to f one's cabin mate has not only
extracted your friend's corn but the
pathetically told story, of his unhappy
married life as well. On land you can
run up against the ' average man for
yean and only exchange a formal
word of greeting now and again, but
should you meet that man aboard ship
and In a weak moment | offer him an
apple he almost Immediately tells you
the story of the love affair that is
slowly but surely breaking his heart,
and by. the. evening of .the earn* day
you've had several ¦ drinks together and
Its oddn-on he has shown you "her"
photo and letters, and all he wants In
return ls-^rouradrlc©. • ,: :
'"I felt drawn toward you from the
first, old man. Tours is a face to In
spire confldence (here he tells you the
amount of his letter of credit or shows
you his bankdraft). VOf oours.e. ' 1
wouldn't talk like this to a stranger,"
he adds. . (You have known him exact
ly one day.)V
The delights of sightseeing ' are > as
naught, compared to the wealth of en
joyment to be extracted in u studying
our : ever- varying fellow . creatures, and
where else can they be studied to such
advantage as . aboard / ship, and espe
cially on such a delightful voyage as
crossing ' the Pacific affords ?
THE SAN, FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL:
15
ACROSS THE PACIFIC ON A "LINER"Fof ; Those, w-bo su^ss .^These ptizfy* \ :f c-D a y- ¦
EASY PUZZLES THIS WEEK
«^|. II, children, this week yon Avill, all jvla' prizes -without" a doubt, for the puzzles are very easy. For '.
/I < instance, you all kmnv,' about the great men of the nation, who are America's 'most prominent Sen
••C|, otoi-s, and you all know tlic^dyrt'rcnt. kinds of "¦'trees. You read about the former in the newspapers
• -¦>•: JL and you arc"taught "about the latter In your school, books. Truly/ you!- must 'not protest - that - you '
ha\e not, because the Puzzle Editor will not accept 'any^ such excuse. <' Everybody^ i' not you wee, small
children, then your parents or your frlcnd3,^^lias'^^ heard, or Senators Tilhnan' and. 'Beycrldge and Cannon
and Quay and Kayncr and. Lodge and Gorman and, oh, ever so niany niorc/ so'it slioiild not be* difficult for
you to decide what pictures ;1, 2, 3 and '4 represent. ' : ¦ *' - V . " ".•> :""''¦' : ? "• *
IJkcivbexou know something^of the difference between a, peach* and a poplar, A n cedar and a chestnut, ,
a briarwood and/a-becch,*ja r sapUni:^and;a aycamoi'e,^ a .'pear ''and* a' pining . a*flr, ; a , jrqd'lvood, an apple,?an 2
orange, a lemon antKall'tiic other -kinds '-of trees,} many, '.indeed,', most, of wlilch' liiny be seen right here In '
the West, so you.sJnouldvted^pictura v y . >. • >;
But, cliildren,^ pay/ strict attention -now. 7 -, Here is something, the Puzzle Editor wants to speak. : ot par- »
ticularly. You must not- only' give your name and the town- and .State wherein, you live, but th© street or ¦'
postoffico number. This is important because many books are beins; returned because' of incorrect . ad
drebses. And don't forgetj'th* gallery of honor. ' "> " ' ' : :- s "¦''': ' J - x . v
PLKASE DONT SEND IN A\Y TINTYPE PICTURES, OR PROOFS THAT ARE CNTONEJi-lwhJoh '
means that they. will fade as. soon as they are exposed to the 'sun, 'and 'don't forjtet to 'write your name and
address on. the back of each and every photograph. Aiid by'-aU'nieans be, «mro that' >ou are » prlzo win*
ncr before you send in any picture at all. ' .• ,' • \. y/ * ' '.. . .*'
And remember this: You w|U all have « chance not only; ta <win one of. those 150,prtze5, bat get .
your picture published -as well. The Puzzle Editor, wants . all-tho, prize, winners to send in their, pictures *
—the whole 150 erery week U possible. Begin right . now.., t Don't ..wait, j The more. the. merrier. : . liter*
ean't be too many. But remember, only the prize winners can hare, their pictures published. -* „
TIIK11E AIt£ ONE HUNDRED AJN'D- FIFTY PRIZES, and this is what you must do to whi on* of
(hem:. . . ¦"- ¦'** •;'•¦' >''¦ "¦¦" .".-,'¦'¦¦' ¦^¦¦''i •> '¦'¦-.
~ .Find the names of four Senators as. shown In plctures r l, 2, 3 and 4, and ; Fpnr Different Kinds of "
Trees as shown in pictures 5, 6, 1 and 8 on this/page arid 'write them ; out" In ' the wpace 'opposite the' proper 0
corresponding: numbers provided for the purpose in the 'coupon 1'ori this page,; as per 'directions; :'• fill' in "the ">
coupon with your name and" address and the prize youdesire^-if you win-^— and send the coupon' to the ED
rrOR OP THE NAJIE PUZZLE PAGE, Sunday Call; San Francisco, Cai: 1 ' - ' -' : • '' • '- "- ¦ »
REMEMBER— To, the FIRST -Q'XE 1 HUNDRED AND FIFTY BOYS AXP- GIRLS who solve the eight :
tfrnme Puzzles correctly, ono of these ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY BEAUTTFUI/ PRIZES will be awarded.
And don't forget 1 tills next • point,* because it is Tery Important: ALL " ' ANS WE11S : " MTCST REACH "
THIS , OFFICE BY. FIUDAY - NOON.. This C I ves • all * those us » the - country -an equal chance r to compete. «
Read eTerything on this paj;c. to be sure that you overlook nothing that will hislp you' to win a brixe.- 1 "
; .< ,., TUE NAMES OF THE LUCKY WINN1CUS ' WILL BG: PUBllISHKD IN THE kVSDAX- CALL TWO v
„• WEEKS, FRO3I TO-DAY, Jane 19. f^--if '. : \ r ' ¦<'¦¦-.¦'^' "-¦ ¦¦ ' . ".".- .•*•;¦-•..?. s t .t:,;;.^- /- :/... ;- ,
._, vJ ..These, are Mm TWUSTX BEAUTU^UL BOOKS from which you may^choose IT you solve all the-nua. *
i ties v.^.oi' •' •.*''/.¦**•-'':'.'• ' "; " •'.-•¦ : .• : : . - •?...*:
•nd. Hero. Worship, by r Cariyle; Kidnaped, by SteTenson; Knickerbocker's History of. New York, by Irrtakt *
? T y%^' H^ n^ by Brown; Rip Van Wbilde, by; Irving; SamanUia at Saratoga, by Hoi.
Itj; Tantlewood Tales, by Hawthorne; Tom Brown's School ; Days, ; by, Hughes; Trensure Island, by Steven
•on; Twice Told Tales, by Hawthorne; Uncle Tom's Cabin, by Stowe; A' Wonder Book; by Hawthorne; Plu
tarclis Lives. . ,-.-¦; ¦•.•• ' \ ¦¦"¦,¦ .-¦-•-. K -.¦-,_ . v .. . ., , Jf ; . . ._ ._-,.„-,, ., -
Smith. S3 Steuart street,' San Fnn
:Cisco; Milton, Smith, 1039 Howard
street, San. Francisco; May Trade. 1793
Fifteenth, street. San Francisco; F..T.
,Coburn, ,' Alameda; George Foster,
; Dixon; Eliza' Lash, Suisun; Elaine
.Moore, Duncans Mill; Hazel Moore.
Duncans Mill; Cell Greanle. Glbbs;
-Antoinette Meagher, 326 Vallejo street.
San - Francisco; Janet Hughes, 34 8
• Arlington street, San Francisco; Rita
Miranda, Gibbs; Marguerite Bell, 2010
¦SutUr street,' San Francisco; Laura
Traeger. 2010 Sutler street, San Fran
cisco; Emma Lottman, 221% Tehama
street. San Francisco; Stella Hessel
wo6d, East Oakland; Herman Temple
ton, Sacramento; Grade *" Marley,
Suisun; -Vivian MacDonald. Paicines;
Jennie Thohias, Sausalito; VIolette
Jones. 'Merced; Frank Meagher, 2314
-Webster street, San Francisco; • Gladys
"Pi'erey;- Mare' Island; D. P. Falls, 250
Clay street, San Francisco; Lloyd
'•Richards,' 1113 Castro street, San
Francisco; Nellie ; Schebe, 1537 Ninth
street, San Francisco; Ruthella Bol
land. Vallejo; Ethel Adams, 1531
• Twelfth" street/ San Francisco; Tessle
Wentworth. 1419 Vallejo street, San
Francisco";" Walter » Farnlacher, "2701
Sutter street, San •Francisco; Ramona
Hanby, 872 Willow /street. Oakland;
Marguerite" Koehler, 3739 Seventeenth
street. San " Francisco ; r ' Ella- Wlnfleld.
1632 Noe' street, San Francisco; Alice
Munz, Nord, Cal.; Ruth Gee. VaUeJo;
Agnes Scholten. 1522 Santa Clara ave
nue, Alameda; Joseph Schmidt, 323
Grant avenue, San Francisco; Olga
Jensen, 2220 O street, Sacramento.
Dorothy, Ho we, jsan.. DJe^b; Carl Cal
breath, 112 ' Jones street, San Fr^in-.
Cisco; Charles Martin, 735-LaureI ave- ¦
nue, San . Francisco ; • Irving Davis, ' 1 4 7 <
Fourteenth ' street,- [• Sari ,' Francisco ; . .
Amy WlleyJ; 73/T Myrjl<» 'street,* 6ak r ;
land; Helen Travis,. 526 jka'nj'is.pnstreet.v
San Francisco; Annte KJirwJOOd,*'i25« .
Church street, - San - Francisco;" 'OHve
White.- ,222s Sutter.'street, San Fran
cisco; Mildred Nidever," Santa Crux;/.
Mabel'Dolan, 946 Grace avenue, Oak
land; Gertrude Hemphill. 945 . Grace
avenue, - Oakland; Florence Plummer. -
2C31 Linden avenue. Oakland; Minnie.
S8 Cumberland . street, San Francisco;
James Levi son, SS Cumberland street.
San Francisco; Chester Levison; 88
Cumberland street,. San •. Francisco;
Walter Madison,. 2326 Mission. Street,
San Francisco; ; Ruth Chusitnan, Clem
ents; Will . Roberts, , 526 Harrison
street, San • Francisco; Gertrude Dris
coll, Vallejo; - 'Elizabeth ' - Mathesan,
121 Eleventh avenue, Oakland;- Leota
Grove, Sacramento; Edith ; jFrazier,
Sacramento; ,- Veronica Lisruori, :'¦ Ag
news; Jack ., Ligijori, Agnews; -Flor
ence Wood. - San Rafael; - Leon
ard Coombs, *¦ * "Agnews; • . Francis
Curtis. 3171 Twe'nty-n^th • street, '. San
Francisco; Flo -Robinson, Gridley;
Tom Hughes,.;Santa:Cras; J.. Smith,'
Glbbs; Jimmie ; Clark,". 231S Bryant
streetr San Francisco; * R.< Calbreath,
112 Jones-street; San' Francisco ;:Flpr-j
ence Wissjng,,. 2,40 ,Fourteenth".street,
San Francisco; "Irene: Wisslng, • 240
Fourteenth street, San .-Francisco ;,.
Gladys Schulte,' 916 Dolores street,
San Francisco; *F.~ Tamaya, Fresno;
Now, all of this is most discouraging,
end the puzzle editor does not want
¦uch a sad state of affairs to occur
again. Those prizes, the whole 150 "of
them, arc meant particularly to be won
by a complete list of 1D0 boys and girls
every week, so you must do better."
The following are the lucky 111 prize
winners: •'• '*
A. Ccrcpran.. Gibbs; Kathryn Slevin,
1036 Treat avenue, San Francisco-
Nick KeUy. -Vailejo; Frank Kelly -Val
lejo; L. J. Smith.. 264 Bore street.; San*
Francisco; Leslie Dayton. Duncans
MitJi-TlUie French. San Rafael; Elinor
Brown, San Rafael; O. Crown. San Ra
fael: Walter. King. Alameda; Mildred'
Tade. Berkeley; Beatrice Miner, -Ala
meda: Mildred. fimlthr 522 Turk street'
San Frencisco; -Lilian Ssymorc, Santa
Rosa; Ed Me Adams. 217 Tenth street
Oakland; Pearl Xewbjr.. Dixon;' Leslie
KcrdelU . Alameda; Ruth Dewey, .1525
Scott street, fcan. Francisco; Hubert
Fraser. 4A Hancock street, San 1 Fran
cisco; P.obb 'Drown, S75 Church street '
Kan Francisco.' Rrf] P h ' Brown, 875
Church strcft, ,San. Francisco- *W
Katfccs.' 862 .Castro . street. Oakland"
Ben Osborn. Watsonville; Lorene Mell
Ion. 379 Alcatraz -street; Oakland; Er
nestine Fraazen. ; 1505 Flllmore street,
San Francisco; Harry kolb, Palo Alto
Frances Murphy. 2528 McAllister street^
Ean Francisco; Ruth'Brandon, Watsoa
ville; Frank Sturla, ; Colrna; May Ter<.
ry. 34 Madison avenue, San Francisco;
George Brown; Walnut Creek; Mazle
Dunn, Bakersfield^ James Dunn,
Eakemfleld; Tresa Hannon. 824 Harri
son street. Ban Francisco; Paul Dunck
hcrsl, Sacramento:, .Rufsejl .Pettinglli,
Eureka: Frank Kitson, 77 Cumberland
street, San Fraaciaco; Charlie Lcvlson,
For picture No. S there were all sorts
of answers— bracelets, belt buckle, spec
tacles. Jewel, ruby,. diamond, etc, while
on the other hand you were all very
much agreed that picture No. 6 was a
locket and picture No. 7 a watch,
though there was again a great differ
ence of opinion over picture No. 8,
many holding that It was a ring, but
many, many others claiming that It
was something widely different.
f~y HILDREN. once again the puzzle
I / editor hea the painful duty of
VO calling your attention to the fact
V that there are far less than the
fu]l 150 prize winners. Why? Sure
ly those puzzles of May 22 were easy.
Tou all knovr about the different kinds
of boat* and the different things seen
In a Jewelrr store, and yet there were
only 111 who guessed them correctly.
This is simply astonishing when It is
considered that there were thousands
of answers. Some of the children
ruessed jewelrr for the whole eight
pictures, while other* again gave the
names of boats to all of the puzzles.
Again, there were hundreds upon hun
dreds who guessed the first three boat
puzzles correctly, only to stumble over
the fourth picture, . many calling it &
merchantman, a barge, a cutter, a
launch, a brig and even, an Ironclad.
That was the wildest sort of gueasinj
for a. very easy puzzle.
But even more haphazard were the
guesses over tae next four puzzles— the
things seen in a J«wclry store. These
ruzzles, which v.cre thought to be by
far the easiest, you really made the
most blunders over, possibly because
there are so many things seen In a
Jewelry store.
Children,
Why Are
There Only
One
Hundred
and Eleven
Prize-
Winners
This v WeeK?
>THE SAN-FRANCISCO: SUNDAY CALC
16
NAME PUZZLES
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Out the Coupon
and Send ' It to
the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S.F.
i ¦ ¦ »
To Puzxla Editor, SrcnAay CUL
Baa Frmndsco:
Below In their proper saa»*
htm please find my solution ef
Four Different Kinds of Tree*
represented ha this week's "»"»
puzlesx
I ,„.,,
1 W.W
* •••-•••?•»*»•»•»•••••??••?»•»
¦ ?«Mnm»»«KMr.»«m»iiB
9
• •-• •-• • • . • -•-— — rTiTm ¦ » ¦¦
4% Ame • • • ¦• ••.•••••»#^..^e »-& g »
Street or -'. O. M .. M «
City ?«..........-* ?••>.
State ..•••••• »«a*-* •• • • •»••••»
If I wua I choose for prize
¦ - ' - • . ¦ • -v*. ¦¦
fS« list of IMxeaJMillions of Cigarettes Smoked.
LONDON, June 4.— It was pointed
out by a. deputation from the retail
tobacconists of the United Kingdom,
which waited upon the' Chancellor/ of
the Exchequer, that there were 100,*
000,000 cigarettes sold weekly in penny
packets, and that the' increased to
bacco duty would averaee 6d per 1000.
Egypt Will Unlock Funds.
CAIRO,, June 4.-7A.S a consequence of
the release of ythe "funds hitherto'; locked
up in the Egyptian caisse of the. public
debt', one j of -i- the fruits or the^ Anglo-:
French treaty,; it. Is believed that £3,
000,000 will £ be granted to the railway
administration, for extension and,de
velopment.' ,\ The scheme - . will ' extend
ov«r five years. . .^
Calve Founds ¦ a Girls' Home.
PARIS, June 4.— Emma-Calve recent
ly founded a sanitarium at Carbieres,
near her residence in Avervon, where
sixty young ; girls in .need bf pure air
and medical-attendance/will be ; re
ceived every summer, all expenses be
ing borne by, the erect. singer.
BUCHAREST, June 4.— King Carol.
Queen Carmen Sylva and the Crown
Prince and Princess of Roumanla on
their, yacht. Oriental are cruising In the
lower Danube with William Waldorf
Astor and Miss Pauline Astor. who will
return to Bucharest as guests of the
Crown Prince and Princess. Queen Car
men Sylva probably will writa aa ac
count of the cruise* .,
Astors CruLsc With Royalty.
BERLIN, June 4.— The Kaiser has
surprised! the Empress -with .a
statue of herself in marble. Two years
ago his Majesty, commissioned the well
known sculptor,' Professor Begas, ' with
ttieSvork, ordering him to keep, the se
cret carefully ; from the Empress. ;
Kaiser Surprises His Wife.
New Cure for Rheumatism.
BERLIN, June 4. — Charles Balla
bene announced in a public lecture,
that fhe had discovered a cure for
rheumatism and gout.
The new remedy consists of hypo
dermic Injections of a liquid called an
ti^ilgoniclt, with which, the doctor
says, out of 350 patients 280 were per
fectly cured, while fifty more improv
ed considerably. Only about twenty
of his patients remained refractory to
his cure.
Mr. Balfour's personality had greatly
impressed • Mr. Wanamaker, but the
feature of English political life which
impressed him most is the number of
young Englishmen of position, money,
influence and brains who are devoting
themselves to their country's service in
the political field. "
LONDON, June 4.— John Wanamaker
left London for Carlsbad recently.' The
former Postmaster General has been a
frequent visitor at the house of Par
liament and was entertained at dinner
there. He was present at the moment
ous debate when the fate of the Bal
four government seemed to hang in the
balance. . ' . ¦
the Way Young Britons En
ter Politics. -•¦¦•''¦': ¦'."' ,:
For/ner Cabinet Officer.. Is Pleased at
YOUNG ENGLISHMEN
IMPRESS WANAMAKER
It is thought 1 that the Emperor ; will
interfere, as the Duke is "closely related
to' him,, and' any ; affront toa member
of. his family will ; not , be countenanced
by his Majesty. ;' ','.'¦'•
VIENNA, June 4.— The general com
manding the garrison here has forbids
den the officers -of the army! to visit
the house of -the. former Duke of Par
ma in order > to avoid meeting Count
Lcdoehowsky, who was expelled from
the army, and who is at present in the
service of the Duke. . ,
The/Count is u'nephew of the late
Prefect of Propaganda ana was a cap
tain in the general staff. "¦•
He was cashiered because he refused
to fight a: duel on the ground of his re
ligious, principles.
The ex-Duke of Parma gave him em
ployment In* his 'household and; not
withstanding' the practical boycott
aimed 'at ' his house by the officers of
the Austrian army, js going to stand 'by
him. ;. : :' ' • -.
Austrian Count Is Ostracized When
He ; Refn§es to Accept a
Challenge.
BOYCOTTED BECAUSE
¦): -j ' HE WOULD NOT . FIGHT
with him. In anticipation of enter
taining on a magnificent scale he had
given instruction for a scheme of in
ternal decoration that would be more
In keeping with modern American
ideas. . Structural alterations were sug
gested to him by architects, but he
declined to approve of any change that
would alter the general appearance
of the Abbey. "It is a historic place,"
he said, "and while 1 am master it
must remain as it is." .
BARRYMORES TO ENTERTAIN.
Lord Barrymore and . his. American
wife are making their headquarters at
the Shelbourne Hotel, Dublin, for a
portion of the season. Their house in>
County Cork . Is not sufficiently
large or Imposing to enable them to
entertain there on any extensive
scale, .but tliey are making 'elaborate
preparations in Dublin to receive a
number of American frtends-during the
King's r visit in May. , They have se
cured the finest suite of 'rooms in the
hotel and it is understood that they
will have fifty or sixty smart Ameri
cans staying there. . The majority of
the party will attend the two fashlon,
able race meetings which . will be in
progress >n the neighborhood of Dub
lin during the royal visit. Lord and
Lady Barrymore will be at the Mar
quis of Ormonde's place in Kilkenny
during the King's visit. there, but it is
doubtful If they will be invited to Lis
more Castle by the Duke a'nd Duchess
of Devonshire. Lord Barrymore has
never been much in favor by either the
Duke or. the, Duchess, although the
latter has a great admiration for many
of the American women who are con
nected .with - the : English '• peerage, and
ently trustworthy and Indisputable
evidence of the ravages of time. But
there Is stilh needed the color which
long ago alone Is supposed to give.
That Is where the X-rays come in to
complete the fraudulent process. After
a fierce application of them the whole
fiber of the wood assumes the desired
hue, and the worms, whose presence
might betray their recent nefarious em
ployment, are destroyed. Then the ar
ticle sells for two, five, or ten times
what It is worth, according to the
purse of the buyer and the capacity
of the seller to lie eloquently and per
suasively. But the blissfully ignorant
purchaser being rendered Just as happy
as if he had obtained a genuine antique,
it is perhaps the poor worms that after
all are most deserving of sympathy.
Perhaps because she lacks her moth
er's early familiarity with domestic
matters on a comparatively humble
Bcafe, Lady Curzon is averse to troub
ling herself about household details, re
garding immunity from, all such wor
ries as one of the privileges of wealth.
A free and easy ' spirit characterizes
her domestic rule whenever she exer
cises it, wherefore she Is popular with
the servants. For a different reason
so also la her father, Mr. . Lelter. He
carries v.ith him, wherever 'he goes, be
it in workman's shanty or ducal man
sion, the democratic spirit' of nodal
equality. He has never tried to ac
quire that air of aloofness which Is
considered the correct thing in Eng
land in dealing with menials and in
feriors. When Mr. Leiter lived with
the family at Reigate he used to talk
and Joke freely with the servants. In
the course of his rambles about the
country he was In the habit of drop
ping into the wayside taverns, smok
ing a cigar in the taproom. and chat
ting with its occupants without any
regard to the big social gulf which Is
supposed to separate the millionaire
from the plowman. He is fond ' of
studying human nature in. the rough.
Mrs. Leiter Is credited with being as
great a stickler for discipline ln^ run
ning a household as is her son-in-law
In bossing a big Government depart
ment. She knows Just how everything
should be done about a house and in
sists on its being done in that way.
Possessing the American woman's
adaptability to novel conditions and
strange environments she Is not to be
overawed by solemn visaged liveried
flunkeys with powdered hair and
stuffed calves, and will tolerate no
slackness below stairs.
prospect of 'Lord and Lady Curzon's
permanent residence in England, for it
is very partial to the pretty, graceful
and vivacious American wife and to the
lavish entertainments which the Amer
ican wife's dollars provide. At pres
ent, however, Lady Curzon is in poor
health,, and it is presimed. that when
Lord Curzon returns from India his
mother-in-law, who Is, of course, Mrs.
Levi Letter and who is now staying
with her daughter in Carlton House
Terrace, will undertake the responsibil
ities involved in acting as hostess at
the social functions with which Lord
Curzon will inaugurate his residence
at Walmer Castle in July.
TRAITS OF THE LETTERS.
Instead of the direct appeal from
one man of common sense to another,
always one of the most effective weap
ons in his debating armory, there was
a tone of supor-exaltation, an air of
abstraction as of a man speaking
from the clouds to more benighted hu
man beings. His refusal to permit his
policy to be debated In Parliament was
after all nothing short of a confession
of failure, and it is so felt by all his
followers. -
f The- animosities aroused by Mr.
Chamberain's protectionist propaganda
in the > ministerial parly are just as
fierce as those created by Gladstone in
his party over home rule. The bitter
est part of # it is that the split is likely
to prove needless, as Mr. Chamberlain's
campaign evidently' is ended, -
Once a Towering Figure in Parlia
ment Debates He Is Now
Commonplace.
LONDON, June 4.— "It has come to
be a case of dreary megolomania,"
was the disappointed comment of one
of Joseph Chamberlain's warmest sup
porters in the lobby of the House of
Commons after hearing the ex-Secre
tary's speech Wednesday night.
The vigor, incislveness, lightning
like rapidity of retort, lucidity of ex
pression and skillful presentation of a
bad case, the gifts which made him
the most potent, of living Parliament
figures, had vanished.
There remained instead a certain
cleverness such as an accomplished
artist still retains in his decay, a
marked physical feebleness of utter
ance and absence of grip, a note of
weariness almost pathetic, and a sub
conscious acknowledgment of defeat
which took all the heart out of his
supporters. They had come, to cheer,
but they remained to reflect. Most
strange of ajl, the keen, hard-cut face,
with Its suggestion of steely determi
nation was overspread all the' time by
a self complacent smile.
CILAMBERLAIN'S DECLINE
OBVIOUS TO FRIENDS
Presenting a striking contrast to the
f umptuousness erf some of the other
apartments the simplicity cf this room
eppe&ls strongly to the imagination,
k«-r«ufe it is so eminently character-
Built In the reign of Henry VIII as a
fortr^FP, but largely added to as years
v.ent on. Walmer Castle has had many
distinguished lord wardens, among
them William Pitt, the great Duke of
Wellington, the Earl of Granville and
the late Lord Salisbury, who, by the
¦way. is said to have taken the office
in order that he might be entitled to
a salute of guns — an honor which pos
session of the Premiership did not
' e rry with it.
The Duke of Wellington was Lord
Warden of the Cinque Ports from 1829
until his death in 1852, and spent the
autumn of each year at Walmer. For
visitors to the castle the chief object
of interest Is the Duke's bedroom,
where he died. Lord wardens may
come and go, make what additions
ih«-y please to the castle, set up their
own furniture and fixings and house
hold goods, but that bedroom it has
been decreed must, remain as long as
the destroying tooth of time will per
mit in the same condition as when
England's greatest soldier occupied it.
course, 2"ue5ts of the Viceroy at the
Durbar in India, and it is said that
v hen assembling for dinner or any
function. Lady Curzon frequently kept
her guests waiting for her, including
— and that is where court etiquette was
violated— the Duchess of Connaujrht.
Also, which was worse, that when she
arrived she would take the Duke of
Connaught's arm and head the pro
cession to the banquet hall or the ball
room, or whatever apartment was to
be the scene of the festivities. Now,
say those who are versed in the high
and mighty mysteries of etiquette as
appertaining to royalty, this was tan
tamount to assuming that she was the
first lady In, the land, whereas her of
ficial position as wife of the Viceroy
was merely that of his first subject,
and the Duchess of Connaught as the
representative of the reigning Emper
or should have been accorded preced
ence over her. Wherefore, it is
d<?cl8rpd. those who beheld Lady Cur
zon's conduct were shocked and hor
rified at the presumption of the Chi
cago girl. Tidings of it reached Kins
Edward and ruffled the serenity of his
temper, for though ordinarily easy
going enough, his Majesty Is a great
stickler for the observance of all forms
t that sustain the dignity of royalty.
"¦which in these days has so little real
authority left It. However, the fact
that the King Is to stand sponsor to
the latest Curzon baby Is regarded by
j-oelcty as proof that the affront to
royalty has been forgiven. Perhaps
Lady Ourzon promised to keep her-
Felf better posted In future on the
mysteries of court etiquette, particu
larly that most Important department
of It — the order of precedence.
MAW NOTABLE OCCUPANTS.
The Duke and Duchess were, of
Under thesp changed conditions ap
pointment to it ame to be regarded
as a special mark of royal favor and
eppreciation of services rendered the
s;«at*>. It is this which makes the be
stowal of the office on Lord Curzon a
flattering one, and to some extent also
it may be regarded as further proof of
the King's" well known partiality for
American women and American wives.
But it is no secret In court circles
that for a while, not long ago, Lady
Ourzon was "persona non grata" with
his Majesty. This was due to the fact
that as Vicereine of India, Lady Cur
zon counted too much on the dignity
which her husband's rank conferred
upon her and oven went to the length
of claiming and taking precedence of
feminine royalty in the person of the
Duchess of Connaught. the King's sis
ter-in-law.
POSIT1OX OF HONOR.
The Lord Warden of the Cinque
Forts CFlve Ports) has what In Amer
ica would be called a "soft snap." He
fcas nothing- to do and Walmer Castle,
•with Its massive battlements facing
eeaward and its base washed by the
channel spray, is a delightful place in
which to take life easily during the
summer months. It is situated on the
Kentish coast, some miles north of
T>over, one of the original Cinque
Ports, 'he other four being Sandwich,
Hyth<*. Romney and Hastings. In the
old turbulent days of English history
¦before England had an established
r.avy these seaport* had to provide
chips? with which to repel a possible
invasion. Then and for some centuries
later the post of Lord Warden was one
of great importance and power. But
¦when England had learned to rely on
the puns cf her navy, instead of im
provised fleets and coast defenses, to
keep foreign foes at bay, the office was
gradually shorn of its authority and
has long been a merely ornamental
one.
LONDON. June 4.— Lord Curzon's ap
pointment as Lord Warden of the
Claque Ports is generally regarded as
evidence that he will not agafn return
to India as Viceroy despite semi-offi
cial denials. Although the functions of
the once high and mighty office of
Lord Warden have long been merely
nominal, one of its requirements Is that
Its recipient should reside for a speci
fied period of each year at the official
residence, Walmer Castle. That obli
gation would seem to debar Lord Cur
con from retaining at the same time
the position of Viceroy of India, as the
Job of governing that empire Is too- big
a ore to be undertaken by an absen
tee.
"I have more pupils than I can find
time to instruct," said the fair pro
fessoress of this new art, "although my
terms are pretty high. English women
have been too much addicted to stolid
ity in the past. Properly practiced,
gesticulation will enhance the charms
of the prettiest woman and add vastly
to the delights of conversation, en
abling those who are not cast for
speaking parts at social functions still
to participate in a measure in the dis
course. . That of stupid In
difference which characterizes many
English society women when they
listen to a conversation in which they
are not directly participating Is no
longer to be regarded as a mark of
high breeding."
Michael P. Grace on his return
from New York to Battle Abbey,
his i historic English Nme, seemed
to be • greatly affec-ua by the
death of his brother, ex-Mayor Grace.
He told his friends that the United
States would not see much of him in
future as now one" of his strongest
ties with It had been .severed. -The
people : about the Abbey are pleased
with this decision, for since the Graces
took ; over the" old' Abbey things have
flourished in the neighborhood; local
shopkeepers and tradesmen have been
more prosperous and the poor have
benefited.. A brilliant social season
was expected, but now this is off. Mr.
Grace means, however, to have many
of his New York friends down to stay
LONDON, June *.— The fascinating,
all-conquering American girl is re
sponsible for a new feminine pro
fession here— the teaching of the
art of gesticulation. In seeking
some explanation of the popularity of
trans- Atlantic maidens, English women
imagine, that they have discovered it in
the animation of their countenances
when conversing and the free use they
make of gestures. Many of those "in
the swim" have resolved to go and do
.-likewise, and some one has arisen to
show them how. And so it comes
about that that immobility of feature,
the calm inscrutability of expression
and the air of serene and lofty com
posure, which are supposed to be the
most cherished hall marks of the inner
circles of British fashion, are to be
abandoned. The talking is no more to
be done by the. lips alone; eyes and
eyebrows, facial muscles and fingers,
are to play their parts in the exchange
of ideas "a la belle Americalne." Vac
uity is to be tabooed.
TEACHING GESTICULATION.
istic of the "Iron Duke." There stands
the old-fashioned easy chair t with
straight back and projecting shoulders,
In which he wat accustomed to sit and
read at night, candle in hand. In this
position, as the infirmities of age be
gan to tell upon him, he would fre
quently fall into a doze, his faithful
friend. Mr. Arbuthnot, often remov
ingAhe candlestick Just in time to avert
a catastrophe. It r was in this chair
that he passed peacefully away on Sep
tember 14. 1S52.
Perhaps even of greater interest is
the famous camp bedstead of brass,
eix feet six inches by two feet nine
Inches, used by the Duke in all his
campaigns. Bed and chair retain the
same bedding and covers, in use when
he died. The old yellow moreen cur
tains hang at the window. writing
desk, inkstand and blotter retain their
old places. The Duke did not use an
ordinary washstand. but in a cupboard
¦were kept his basin and Jug, of com
mon blue v.-are; on another shelf were
two bronze hot- water shaving Jurs.
These, with the Duke's dispatches, are
shown in a glass case.
CASTLE TO BE REFURNISHED.
Lady Curzon and her mother have
already been all over Walmer Castle
and have given orders for its general
refurbishing. Tapestry of an expensive
and elaborate character will be intro
duced, and especial attention will Nj
paid to fixing up the bedrooms in mod
ern style.
I am told, by the way, that, when
Mrs. Lelter first popped her head into
the chamber consecrated to mementoes
of the Iron Duke and saw its contents
she expressed her intention of making
a clean sweep of "that old rubbish."
But when she learned that the "old
rubbish" was one of the most prized
heirlooms of the nation she consoled
herself with the reflection that there
were plenty of other rooms on which
her American housewifely energies
could be freely expended.
Society accept* as glad tidings the
.The latest recruits to the ranks of
London society women who are in
trade are Lady Monckton and Mis3
Frith, who keep a bric-a-brac shop in
the Fulham road. Lady Monckton is
the widow of Sir John Monckton. who
was for many years City Clerk, which
represents one of the very highest and
most desired appointments in the city
of London. Her son, Lionel Monck
ton, is the well known composer,
whose music always figures in the
leading comic opera in London and
who married Gertie Millar, the Gaiety
actress. Miss Frith is the daughter
of the well known artist, William
Powell Frith, whose paintings of "Der
by Day." "The Railway Station" and
others are in the National Gallery.
The craze for antique furniture con
tinues unabated and the supply more
than keeps pace with the demand.
Manufacturers of these goods are now
turning to account thai most marvel
ous discovery of modern science.
X-rays. By their use it «3 declared
they can in a day or two convert a
'table or sideboard fresh from the
cabinet-maker's hands into furniture
of the Elizabethan or some highly
prized period, so perfectly counterfeit
ing the genuine that the most experi
enced experts are puzzled to detect the
fraud. This is how it is done: Some
potatoes are reduced to pulp, treated
with glycerine and rubbed into the
new furniture which is to undergo the
process of 'transformation. Then a
horde of hungry wood-eating worms,
obtained by cultivation, are let loose
upon it. Reveling In the potato mix
ture they speedily drill their way into
the woodwork, doing in a very brief
period what it took their honest, easy
going, ancestral progenitors centuries
to accomplish. The result is appar-
One of King Edward's greatest
functions is, of course, that of arbiter
of masculine fashions. Being of port
ly figure he does not appear to ad
vantage in tight fitting garments and
hence his predilection for loose fitting
overcoats, which are more than ever
worn this season, although with men
of slender build their effect is much
ifke that of a sack hung on a beanpole.
Particularly fashionable are those
most affected by the King, which are
made of gray or brown tweeds and
-worn with a derby hat. Those who
follow the royal example in such mat
ters will be interested to learn, how
ever, that the King's frock coat3 and
lounge suits show no variation from
last year, the roll collars, it is of the
highest Importance to note, being
brought no lower than the third waist
coat button. For country wear soft
mixed linen and silk shirts are the
very latest thing, his Majesty having
shown his approval of them by order
ing a large number. They are worn
with double collars and small, neat
ties, the cuffs accompanying them be
ing of the variety called "double turn
overs."
it is understood that she is on prettj
familiar terms with Lady Barryraore.
Her ladyship has never been particu
larly struck with the glamour of Eng
lish society, and has no taste for push
ing herself forward.
Llspenard Stewart of New York Is
doing London at present. He was tha
guest of W. Waldorf Astor at the Carl
ton Club recently. He has been spend
ing a few days at Mr. Astor's place at
Cliveden and the two have been much
together about town.
Mrs. Lewis de Zerega is staying
with her daughter. Mrs. Charles Pel
ham Clinton, at the house which she
and her husband recently acquired in
Northamptonshire. Mrs. Zerega means
to return to London, where she will
spend a great portion of the season.
The family will stay at one of the
big . hotels, as the Pelham Clinton*
have given up their town house.
KING SETS THE FASHION.
Famous Old Walmer Castle Will
Be Rejuvenated by Its
New Hostess.
"Gesticulation" Is* the New Fad
and the American Girl
I Is Teacher.
LORD CURZON, AS WARDEN OF THE CINQUE PORTS, WILL HAVE ONE
OF THE MOST SELECT SINECURES IN THE ENGLISH GOVERNMENT
Pages 1 7 to 20
Pages 17 to 20
SAN FRANCISCO, JUNE "5, 1904.
NEW HOME OF THE CURZONS, ITS HOSTESS AND 'A FAMOUS BEDROOM.
gffiK gjiBSKJ 3SSlI£8»llSS^P%i ||flBB3E| "' _ in.' " v J3i " ' ' '"' ' '' ' ' ' ' -.*¦"'¦-••*'¦ ¦Yosemite Parlor of the Native Daugh
ters of the Golden West had a donation
party on -the last Monday in May, in
Mission Opera Hall, in aid of the Native
Daughters' Home. There were many
present, and each one presented an
offering in the nature of something
acceptable for the home. There was a
pleasant programme of dances.
The members of Keith Parlor, a few
Native Daughters.
Forget-Me-Not Lodge, Degree of
Honor, at its meeting on the third Sat
urday in May, admitted one candidate
by card arid received four applications.
The, following named i compose .the
general officers of the committee that
is arranging, the A. O. U. W. picnic to
be given at El Campo July 16: R.. H.
McPherson, president; ,C. ' E. Sheffer,
vice president; H. B. Morrison, second
vice president; Frank J. McGulre, sec
retary, and M. J. Blackman, treasurer.
The members of the working sub-com
mittees are E. E. Baird, M. L. Stern;
A. F. Roberts, W. P. Feeney; L. C.
Cull, R. F." McKenzie, J. H. Danton, J.
F. 'Walthour, Mrs. H. Simpson, Mrs.
Dora H. Wilkins, vMrs. L. G. Malloy,
George M. Ryerson, Fred Tr'owbridge,
The San Francisco Extension Com
mittee has organized with Deputy
Grand Master D. S. Hirshberg as pres
ident. The committee outlined the
work for June and will . make an* ag
gressive campaigns
Ancient Order Workmen.
The following is the complete list of
the officers of the Grand Temple of
tho Rathbone Sisters who were re
cently elected: Maude B. Sheehan.
Sacramento, past grand chief; Betty C.
Nlckell. Los Angeles, grand chief;
Clara S. Martin. Stockton. grand
senior; Mary Downing, Pomona, grand
junior; Josie Morse, BakersTteld, grand
manager; Louise Holmes, Oakland,
grand M. of R. and C; May Steigelman,
Salinas, grand M. of F.; Belle Bruce.
Oakland, grand protector; Emma
O'Connor,- Fortuna, grand outer guard.
Golden Gate Temple, at Its meeting
on the fourth Monday In May, had work
in the initiatory degree in the presence
of an unusually large number of mem
bers and visitors from San Francisco
Temple. The work was given in a very
creditable manner. Mrs. Elizabeth Arm
strong, representative to the Grand
Temple, which held its session in
Bakersfield, read a very interesting re r
port cf the session of the grand body.
At the close of the business of the even-
Ing Mrs. Armstrong was tendered a
reception, which was a very enjoyable
affair.
Rathbone Sisters.
During the floral parade in Healds
burg last week the Improved Red Men
took an active part and made a good
showing. Sitting Bull Tribe had a
very elegant float in line, which was
preceded by a number of .mounted
mtembers of YulOpa Tribe of Santa
Rosa. Grace Burmelster of Wanonah
Council of Santa Rosa and C. N. Grant,
sachem of Yulupa Tribe, were also in
line on "horseback. Great Chief - of
Records Bliss and George Harrison oc
cupied seats in a carriage as special
guests of Sitting Bull Tribe.
' Great Sachem Samuels paid an offi
cial visit to Red Cloud and Cosumnes
tribes in joint council last week in the
wigwam of the first named in Sacra
mento.
Past Great Sachem^Brandon, acting
for. the great sachem, will pay visits to
Yokayo Tribe fn Ukiah and to Santana
Tribe In* Fort Bragg during the cur
rent month.
'The great sachem Is arranging a
series of visits to the southern nart
of the State during, the "fatter part of
the current month. Before returning
tothis city he wilMnstltute a tribe at
San' Diego.
The select social dance that was
given in Franklin Hall- on the last Sat
urday In May by Kaweah - Council,
Degree of Pocahontas, was a very
pleasing function that was attended by
the many friends of the members of
this progressive There
was a first-class programme of dances.
Improved Red Men.
Those who attended the banquet
tendered in the Lick House by Paci
fic Parlor of the Native Sons of the
Golden West to Daniel A. Ryan, one
of its past presidents, who was elect
ed a grand trustee, and T.. P. Martin,
F. H. Dam and George. G. Fraser, its
delegates to the Grand, Parlor at It3
recent session in Vallejo, "were:
George D. Clark, Dr.ErT. Mervy, J.
J. Myer, P. B. Kyne, R. Collopy, James
O'Gara, T. S. Gilbert, G. W. Lillie, J.
C. Allen, W. F. Dahl, E. J. Lynch. C.
Guilfuss, F. Grass, John- F. Cannon, J.
W. RIley, George B. Stangenbergrer, H.
Auger. E. J. Clark. M. J. Melvin, J.
F. Comyns, S. W. Dixon, L. R. Dudley,
H. Dahl, W..V. Walsh, W. H. Hazell,
George A. Marshall, C. L. Quast,
George S. Gould, Dr. Frank I. Gon
zales, R. Dahl, D. McGarron, A. Ma
son, D. L. Fitzgerald, M. G. Hurmel,
L. Jennings, R.-.M. Roche, J. H. Cun
ningham, Stephen V. Costello, Albert
Latham, George H. Wendell, Joseph
Green, Judge George H. Cabaniss, Dr.
Hi. S. Stern, Frank J. Klinn, Fred W.
Meussdorffer, George Oscar, E. Grass,
Dr. T. H. J Morris, C. Orr, Alex McCul
lough,"Charles E. Sinlay, ,T. L. Lewis,
Fred Heissner, James A. Black, George
H. Bahrs, Leonard Stone,.Superintend
ent of Schools W. H. Langdon, H. C.
Kleversahl, R. F. Quarg, E.; H. Hllde
brand, C. J. ¦ Auger, Dr. T. W. B. Le
land, R.: E. Filcher, J. J. Kyne, E. My
ron Wolf, R. J. , Sanaa and John T.
Harmes. District Deputy Grand Presi
dent W. P. Johnson, Grand Trustee J.
Emmett Hayden, Grand Trustee
James A.vDevott>, Past Grand President
Lewis P. Byington, H. S. Milzner, J. J.
Greeley, Grand First Vice President
James. L. Gallagher and Grand Secre
tary. Charles H. Turner. The speakers
On the second Friday in May Cali
fornia Council of the Order of Americus
met in the parlors of the residence of
Mrs. E. Harmon, one of Its members, at
1120 Gough street, where there was a
social, after a short business meeting.
Three strangers were obligated and six
applications presented. This council,
which in the past met but twice a
month, has decided to meet hereafter
weekly in the Pioneer building.
The Native Sons,
Order of Americus.
Arrangements are being made for the
reception in this city of Head Consul
Talbot, the highest officer of the largest
fraternal beneficial association in the
United States, the Modern Woodmen of
America numbering 750,000 members on
July 7.
This evening the Rev. Walter M.
White will address the members of this
order - on "Woodcraft" in Westside
Church, at Bush and Devisadero
streets.
At the meeting of Goodfellowship
Camp in the Pythian Castle last week
five applications were received and re
ferred to appropriate, committees*- The
special committee on memorial service
reported that all had been arranged
for the decoration of the graves of de
ceased neighbors by that camp. Occi
dental Camp and the. camp, of Royal
Neighbors to-day, and th.at to-mprrow
evening there will be a joint meet
ing of the three camps in the
hall of Goodfellowship Camp, ; where
services appropriate to memorial day
will be held. There will be. vocal selec
tions, a eulogy, an oration and an ad
dress. The' services will . be open to
the members of the three camps and
their friends. % .
General Organizer J..C. Davis of the
Modern Woodmen of America, who was
absent from the city for several weeks
on account of Illness, has returned to
this city and is "once more doing busi
ness at the old stand."
Modern Woodmen.
Frcm the monthly report of the su
preme secretary just issued It appears
that the receipts during May were
%',".'¦',.'.'''> 64, which, with a balance of
3446.S1S 23 on band March 31, 1904, made
the total for the month of April of
51,100,774 13. From this sum the Su
preme Council paid on 326 orders the
turn of $S51,r>0S 41. leaving a balance on
April 20 of $249,265 72. This, with bal
ance due on assessment No. 331 and the
whole of assessment No. 332, due on
May lj, snd estimated at $653,200, made
tht total resources on the same date
$302,405 72, not counting the amount in
the emergency fund, which, on April
27, 1&C4, amounted to $2,032,487 67 addi
tional, and making the immediate
available resources of the order almost
$3,000,000. The statement also shows
n total payment to beneficiaries of $S5.
4U«,236 35, which amount is the second
largest paid by any American fraternal
beneficiary organization. There was on
April 30 also a balance in the general
fund of $73,034 27. which, it may be ob
served, is probably the largest balance
ever on hand in the general fund at
the close of the Supreme Council year.
The growth of the order as shown by
the exhibit of membership issued by
the supreme secretary, goes on satis
factoritly. During the month of April
the additions received to the -order
amounted to 4506, and making the total
membership on April 30, 295,182, the
largest gains being in the Jurisdictions
of Illinois. New York. Pennsylvania
and Massachusetts. New York Etill
holds fir^t place in membership, having
TK.149. and Pennsylvania second with
33,256 members. Illinois ranks filrd
having on its rolls 23,123. Massachu
setts still maintains Its place as the
A general committee has been ap
pointed tt> consider the advisability of
organizing n building association that
shall secure some suitable place and
build thereon a hall Vor the use of the
several councils of the order, to be
known as Arcanum Hall.
The joint committee of the local
councils of the Royal Arcanum has de
cided to abandon the usual mode of
celebrating Arcanum day this year and
instead of having musical and literary
exercises it has been determined to
have a theater party at the Alcazar,
on which occasion there will be pre
sented "Lovers' Lane," and several
numbers having particular reference to
the order. The order has purchased the
whole house for that occasion and the
arrangements will be attented to by
W. V. N. Bay and George W. Schin
tlele. . -¦
Royal Arcanum.
Major General Carnahan, com
manding: the Uniform Rank of the K.
of P., was recently appointed one 6f
the board of visitors to West Point.
He has the distingulshd honor of be
ing the only one not of the regular
army on the board of visitors to the
United States Military Academy.
While the Knights of Pythias were
in San Francisco attending the con
vention of the Supreme Lodge the de
sign for the wonderful electric lighting
of streets was furnished by O. F.
Schiller, a member of McKlnley Com
pany No. 3. In recognition of his
good service on that occasion he has
been added to the staff of Major Gen
eral Carnahan and commissioned a
colonel. This company, has secured
Captain J. K. Ritter, one of the very
best drillmasters of fraternal organ
izations, to drill it for the biennial en
campment at Louisville next August.
This company expects to come back
to San Francisco with the first prize.
Captain Ritter has drilled many com
panies and not one that he ever drill
ed lost. The company will have an
outing in the Santa Cruz Mountains
June 8. On the way to the rendez
vous under the pines and laurels the
company will be joined by Liberty
Company No. 11 of Oakland and
Company No. 69 of San Leandro. The
following named have been appoint
ed as the committee of arrangements
by Captain Ritter: W. T. Shlpperly,
E. B. Kimball, First Lieutenant C. T.
Gromme, C. Danziger and Sergeant M.
A. Cummings.
The thirty-fifth anniversary ball
given by Golden Gate Lodge No. 3,
K. of P., in Steinway Hall on the last
Friday in May was what is termed in
society "a swell function." The at
tendance was just large enough to fill
the hall without crowding, the Ia3ies
who attended wore charmingly gown
ed and the Knights v and gen
tleman friends were in full
dress, while the members of the Uni
form Rank of the order added to the
effect of the briljiant scene by appear
ing in uniform. Captain M. A. Sam
uels was the floor manager and he was
assisted by Liey tenant A. B. Budze
lini, M. A. Cummings. D. V. Fergu
son, B. SchlfT, George D. Milne and
J. Voele. Captain Joe H. Rosenberg
was the chairman of the reception
committee.
Knights of Pythias.
Mission Court is reported as doing
well, having applications for member
ship at almost every meeting.
Mizpah Court, No. 1, at itsMast meet
ing admitted two strangers by initia
tion. If is expected that at Its sec
ond meeting In June the degree team
will receive the robes that have been
ordered, when the work will be put on in
the amplified form and bring out all
the beautiful features of the very dra
matic ritual. This tribe will, at Its
open meeting on the^flrst meeting in
June, have a very interesting pro
gramme of entertainment, on ' which
occasion two young ladies well known
as vocalists will render the principal
vocal music of the evening.
Tribe of Ben Hur.
On the night of the third Saturday
in June the Past Presidents' Associa
tion will have a grand reception
and entertainment in honor of those
members of the organization who at
the recent session of the Grand Par
lor were given high honors.
During the latter part of May Mis
sion Parlor had a high jinks and a
very enjoyable time in its hall in the
Native Sons' building."
Placervllle Parlor on May 25 initiated
twenty-five strangers and followed the
ceremony with an o!d-time high Jinks.
The membership of Mount Tamalpals
Parlor, of which J. Emmett Hayden, re
cently elected a trrand trustee, is a
member, during the latter part of May
tendered him a recption in clebration
of his election. . '
on that occasion were: James L. Galla
gher, George H. Bahrs, L. F.Bylngton,
W. H. Langdon, R. E. Filcher, Roland
M. Roche. S. V. Costello, George D.
Clarke, Leonard Stone, H. S. Milzner,
J. A. Devoto and Judge G. H. Cabaniss.
The menu was decorated with photos of
the guests of honor.
Grand Organizer Andrew Mocker,
who spent some time In Lake, County
urging the several parlors to renewed
activity, has succeeded in having each
of the parlors arrange for a class Ini
tiation as follows: Lower Lake. June
11; Upper Lake, June 22: Kelseyvllle,
June 23; Lakeyort, June 24, and MW
dletown, June-25. The grand officers
are wondering "where Andy got them
all."
PERSONS WELL KNOWN
IN* SAN FRANCISCO
FRATERNITIES.
Supreme Grand Secretary Miss Fal
coner was tendered a reception last
week by Washington Circle, of which
she is a member, and it proved a very
pleasant affair.
Supreme Grand Clltef Companion
Mrs. George J. Berger was tendered
a reception by her circle, Artemi3, last
week, and during the evening she was
presented a beautiful floral tribute.
The supreme grand secretary was also
presented a basket of choice roses.
The head of the order delivered a
pleasing address and at its close the
juvenile band of Foresters, stationed
in tlie ante-room, played "Hall to the
Chief."
One of the rising young men in the
Ancient Order of Foresters is George F.
Brown of this city, who at the recent
session of the High Court was ad
vanced from senior beadle to junior
woodward of the legislative body of
the State. Mr. Brown proved himself a
successful officer in the subordinate
body, being an enthusiastic and zealous
Forester, and for that reason was
urged as an officer of the high court.
He was elected to the lowest office in
that body, and session after session
has been advanced, and his friends ex
pect to see him In time promoted to
the highest position in the order. Mr.
Brown is a member of the San Fran
cisco Fire Department.
The picnic given by the local
courts and circles at San Rafael Park
on the last Monday in May was at
tended by about five hundred persons,
who enjoyed a splendid outing.
Court Star of California will give
an entertainment to-morrow evening.
A number of members of courts of
this city, will attend, and also the
juvenile band.
The juvenile court of this city at
its last meeting received six applica
tions for membership.
Court Pacific and Court San Joa
quin of Stockton had a joint meeting
last week, on which occasion there
was the initiation of a number of
strangers. This was followed by a
supper, at which there- were present
F. W. Matterson. H. C. S. B., C. V.
Sulix. H. C. D., A. U. Field. J. A. Long
and L. H. Lang, who were called upon
for responses to toasts.
Ancient Order Foresters.
The N Past Dictators' Association of
th© Knights c-f Honor has completed
all its arrangements for tne public en-,
tertainment to be given June 8 in the
Laurel Hall of the Shiels building. A
very entertaining programme has been
prepared. .
Grand ; Reporter Johnstone has sent,
to all the local lodges a stirring circu
lar letter^calling attention to the work
of Organizer H. H. Barnes and asking
the members to render him all the as
sistance* In their power to enable him
to show good results.
r J?he picnic given by Liberty Lodge
of the Knights of rfonor on the last
Monday in May at Camp Taylor was a
great success, more ; than eight hun
dred persons attending. There was a
good programme of games and races
and a number of the features that
make an outing of this kind a suc
cess. The affair, was well managed
and thefe was not a regret by any of
those who attended. During the after
noon a large number of valuable prizes
were distributed.
Knights of Honor.
W. O. Zahn, George A. Smith. Joseph
H. Cataraniand August Reininger.
The Ladies' "Auxiliary to California
Commandery of the Knights Templar,
at its meeting in Utopia Hall on the
third Wednesday in May, elected Mrs.
>E. F. Joy to membership, and after the
routine of business the new officers en
tertained the members with a tooth
some lunch and delightful instrumental
and vocal music, the most charming
vocal numbers being rendered by. Miss
Elsie Young. Those who attended this
session were: Mrs. William Roderick
Jones, president; Mrs. Val Schmidt,
first vice* president; rs. Timothy J.
Crowley, second vice president; rs.
Hiram D. Nichols, secretary; Mrs. R.
L. Radke, assistant secretary; Mrs. S.
A. McDonell, treasurer; Mrs. J. P.- Jaeg
llng, conductress; Mesdames George
Wittmann, P. F." Ferguson and E. J,
Moreer. znainbars of t the conclave com-
At a recent session of San Francisco
Assembly there was at the close of
the business, in addition to a pro
gramme of instrumental and vocal
music and recitations, a series of il
lustrated songs, the participants ap
pearing in character. These included
"The ¦ Mansion of Aching Hearts,"
-What Are the Wild Waves Saying?"
"The Chastisement," "Little Eva in
the Clouds," "In the Nursery," and
"The Bowery Girl." It was a novelty
in lodgeroom entertainment and was
well received.
J. H. Shivley, deputy insurance
commissioner of the State of Wash
ington, visited the office of the Lincoln
Annuity Senate last week, made an
examination of the affairs of ths as
sociation, 'expressed himself satisfied
with the business methods and wished
the institution success.
* . . - • -
Ladies' Auxiliary.
Lincoln Assembly of Oakland initi
ated three strangers at its last held
meeting, and under good for the order
had a game of progressive whist.
Stanford Assembly of San Jose re
ports the initiation of two. candidates
at its last held meeting and the re
ceipt of ten applications.
San Frapcisco Assembly initiated
several candidates at its last held
meeting and at the close of the meet
ing had a pleasant social hour, in
cluding cards and luncheon.
Deputy J, R., v Cro83 reports the for
mation of a new assembly in Eastern
Washington.
Charters for new assemblies have
been asked for by citizens of Redwood
City. Palo Alto, Sacramento and
Stockton.
Sunset Assembly of the Lincoln
Annuity Union, recently instituted in
Aberdeen, Wash., reports a member
ship of one hundred. Julia Coxey of
the same place instituted another as
sembly in that place May 26.
Lincoln Annuity- Union.
Hesperian Circle of the Druidesses
has arranged for a trolley ride on the
night of Saturday, June 11. This circle
will join with Norma Grove for a
family outing and picnic at Fernbrook
Park August 7. The committee in
charge will give to the grove making
the largest showing of members at
that place a richly embroidered re
galia for district deputy and to the
circle making the best showing a fine
regalia, the first described to cost $10
and the last $5. The first gate prize
will be a $10 piece. The committee
has also planned a number of games
and races and will do all it can to
make the affair a success.
Grand Trustee Dr. G. W. Sichel. a
member of Yosemite Grove, accom
panied by Past Arch W. H. Kent, Vice
Arch Peter Treich and Treasurer J. D.
Aubert of the same grove, paid a
visit last week to Reno, Nev.. and
while there met a number of the welfc
known Druids of the State, including
District Deputy L. M. Lagomarsino,
Past Arch W. L. Semenza, Secretary
A. Tartarolla, Noble Arch R. Semenza
of Roma Grove No. 1: Dr. C. Mooser,
past arch, and Dr. Quinn, noble arch,
of Reno Grove No. 3. All spoke en
couragingly of Druidism in that State.
Roma has a membershrrTof 105, while
Reno has fifty, with several applica
tions on the desk. It is probable that
in the near future Dayton Grove No. 2
will consolidate with Roma. While in
the sagebrush State the visitors were
delightfully entertained.
The Association of Past Arches of
the U. A. O. D. paid a fraternal visit
on the last Tuesday in May to Hes
perian Grove and received a very
cordial reception. During the evening
there were a number of addresses for
the good of the order by President L.
M. Fabry, Secretary Joe M. Wolff,
Grand Secretary James F. Martinoni,
and a number of the past arches.
Previous to the good for the order,
there was the initiation of a candidate,
and after the close of the work of
the evening there was a supper in
honor of the visitor.".
Druidism.
Starr King Chapter will, at its meet
ing on the first Tuesday in June, have
a number of candidates to receive the
degree of the order. -
Golden Gate Chapter celebrated its
thirty-fifth Mnniversary last week by
a banquet and a dance in Golden Gate
Hall. Between dances there were
musical numbers for the entertain
ment of those who were present to do
honor to the mother chapter of the
order. A feature of the musical part
of the entertainment was the singing
of ballads by Mrs. Blaisdell. The
guests were cordially welcomed by
Dr. Amy Florence Temple, the worthy
matron of the chaster.
Beulah Chapter at its meeting on
the fourth Monday in June will have
t-everal candidates to initiate.
Worthy Grand Matron Mrs. Rout
zahn paid an official visit to San Jose
Chapter last week, and it was one of
the most pleasant meetings that has
ever been known in a chapter* outside
of San Francisco and Oakland. The
official business being brought to a
close, there was an adjournment to
the banquet hall, which was beauti
fully decorwted. There were five ta
bles each, one in one of the colors of
the star of the order, red, white, vio
let, green and yellow. The color
scheme was carried out on each table,
producing an effect that never before
had been seen at an Eastern Star ban
quet. During the evening there w;js
the presentation of a valuable silver,
pold lined, punch ladle to the grand
matron. This lady, who is a most
agreeable speaker, delivered a very
interesting address.
During the week she also visited
Miramonte Chapter at Mountain View,
California Chapter in this city. Gold
en Wave at San Leandro, San Rafael
Chapter in the city of that name and
Unity Chapter, Oakland. At each
place she was warmly welcomed and
at San Leandro a banquet in her hon
or was served in a hall that was a
bower of the choicest flowers of Ala
meda County. The banquet was a
pern and all had a pleasant time.
There the members gave the visitor a
most cordial reception. The chapter
at San Rafael presented her with a
beautiful crystal vase, with mirror
tray.
There was a large turnout of the
Maccabees in Pioneer Hall on- the
fourth Wednesday in May to receive
and listen to Edward Young, great
record keeper of the Great Camp of
Ohio, and Rev. E. T. Hegerman. spe
cial Maccabeean lecturer for that
State. They were cordially received by
Great Commander S. W. Hall of the
Great Camp of California, after which
there was a pleasing programme of
entertainment. The distinguished vis
itors gave instructive addresses on be
half of Maccabeeism. The first battal
ion of the Thirteenth Regiment of the
Uniform Rank was on hand In its at
tractive uniforms.
Golden. West Tent at its revie%v last
week initiated a class of six strangers.
On the evening of June 9 the uniform
division of this tent will visit Richmond
Tent to confer the degrees on a num
ber of candidates for that subordinate.
The Thirteenth Regiment of the Uni
form Rank will go into camp at Glen
Cove on July 2 and will remain there
until the evening of the 4th. This will
be a military camp in the strict sense,
and the men will sleep in tents and live
on army rations. All the details for this
affair are being arranged.
Pacific Tent, Knigh\ts of 'the Macca
bees, will have a bay excursion on
Sunday, June 5, and after riding on
the bay will stop at Glen Cove for
three "hours, returning At naif past six
o'clock. The tent will provide a din
ner at Glen Cove for each member
who will- attend and also for the lady
friends of members.
The Maccabees.
After the business at the June meet
ing luncheon will be served at 1:30 and
there will be cards — five hundred.
mittee; Mesdames H. F. Barbier,
George Bennett. H. H. Brann. G. W.
Brown. J. B. Bocarde, A. M. Cox, W.
F. Cordes. Samuel A. \ Clark, J. B.
Charleston. C. T. Cleve, G. E. Dorn,
E. F. Easton, D. E. F. Easton, J. F.
Fraser, I. Grant, H. Graves, George
Haas, T. L. Henderson, A. Hromada,
A. Huber, E. Heald, Martin Jones, M.
Johnson, Frank Johnson, J. F. Logan,
Julius Lowe, John Fraser Mclntosh,
Hugh McJunkin, C. C. Moorehouse, R.
W. Neil, George H. Newman, J. L.
Prior, James Packer Jr., T. P. Ross, M.
Reiss, F. S. Snell, Walter N. Stocker.
C. W. Taber and James Young; Misses
R. E. Miller, Elizabeth Murray and
Eva Powell.
Calumet Tribe is drilling a team of
young men to confer the adoption de
gree and it is doing excellently well
under the instructions imparted to it
by A. C. Nathan of Altahmos Tribe.
Manitou Tribe will have a . class of
seven to adopt at it3 meeting on Mon
day, June 6.
Altahmos Tribe has organized a
new team for the purpose of confer
ring the chiefs' or culmination and
most dramatic degree of the order,
and as those selected for the work
are "all old timers at the business."
it is expected that they will render
the work with a degree t>t perfectness
that will make some of the. crack
teams look to their laurels. The mem
bers of the team are: J. H. Fitzger
ald, sachem; W. J. Blaisdell, senior;
H. F. Ofdenkamp, junior; W. T. Ly
ons, prophet; F. Hardy, first sannap;
O. Kuhlman. second sannap; A. C. Na
than, first brave; Joseph Luttrell. sec
ond brave; J. H. Steiman, third brave;
Thomas Scott, fourth brave; W. B.
Welch, first warrior; F. Detrick, sec
ond warrior; P. Burke, third warrior;
F. Healy, fourth warrior; J. McCauly,
first scout; W. de Witt, second scout;
M. Alexander, guard of wigwam; M.
Blankenstein, musician.
On the evening of June 10 the elec
tive chiefs of the Degree of Pocahontas
will entertain the wife of the great in
cohor.ee and the wife of the great chief
of records of the United States Great
Council at the Columbia Theater and
then at a supper In a fashionable res
taurant.
music that charmed the dancers and
any number of handsome ladles.
On the last Thursday In May Oneida
Council celebrated the fourth anniver
sary of its institution by an at home
in its council chamber. There was pro
vided for the entertainment of those
who attended instrumental and vocal
selections and the_serving of a colla
tion, after which there was dancing
for two hours. The affair was success
fully managed by Mrs. T. Brihkman,
Mrs. Alice Goodall, Miss Lillie Unger,
Miss Annie Weiman, Miss Jennie Kum
merlander, J. S. Burkhart and Charles
West.
Hettie Burke, one of the bright mem
bers of Orinda Parlor, is spending her
vacation at the "World's Fair at St.
Louis.
La Estrella Parlor, on the last Tues
day in May. had a most delightful
dancing party in Golden Gate Hall.
There was a good attendance and there
was a dance programme of- ten num
bers with two extras which kept the
most congenial company that ever
gathered in that hall together until
midnight. The credit for this very en
joyable affair was due to Phoebe Field,
floor manager; Benjamin Orenga, as
sistant floor manager, and the follow
ing named members of the floor com
mittee: Mrs. Georpe J. Berger, Miss
Orenga* Lizzie Dunn, Alice Boldermann,
Mrs. A. Nieols. M. Brown and M. Jo
hansen. The decorations of the hall,
a la Schelicher, were the most delicate
and 'tractive that have ever been
placed in that Hall.
The grand president and the grand
treasurer paid a visit last week to the
parlor in Pinole.
The Grand Parlor will meet In Pa
cific Grove this year, commencing June
14. y
evenings since, paid a fraternal visit
to Monte' Robles Parlor in San Mateo.
Among those invited were Past Grand
President Keith and Grand Secretary
Frakes. The visitors were well re
ceived and entertained by the San
Mateoltes. The members of the local
parlor of Native Sons were present and
assisted in making the affair a great
social function. Keith Parlor formed
a theater party and enjoyed the per
formance at the Alcazar last week.
fourth ranking jurisdiction, with 23,
561 members.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL?, . SUNDAY;^ JUNE 5, 1901
18
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOMCost of Government Cablins.
Secretary Taft of the War Depart
ment cabled the President's neutrality
proclamation governing the attitude of
the Philippine government In the
present war. crisis at an expense of
$800. Washington officials endeavored,
to boil It down for transmission, but
couldn't do it. The Pre33 could have
sent a "blue-pencil fiend" to do the
job. and he would have saved the
Government $400. Uncle Sam wastes
thousands of dollars annually In cable
tolls. Business men wonder why.
Coding commercially has developed to
an extraordinary degree of perfection,
but the departments of state, war and
navy are slow to "catch on," u the
phrase goes.
• When one's work Is done ; In Nikko
there 13 left the mild excitement of
walking tup the great canal In that
Japanese city. All that is doing In
Nikko may then and there be seen. On
the veranda of a house madame is hav
ing her bath, her head sticking up
above the steaming water, says Charles
Hovey Pepper, in the April number of
The World To-day. The youngsters In
their original suits are hailing you,
"Sinko san, ohlyo!" ("Mr. Stranger,
good-day.") An array of great gilt lo
tus flowers and leaves on long stems
shows that a member of the family
within is dead. In the front room, un
protected from the Btreet, one sees the
square kago-llke box in which', with
knees against the breast, the last Jour
ney Is taken.
A bevy of gaily dressed geisha girls,
with attendants carrying kotos and
samlsens, is bound for some dinner or
entertainment, their* hair black and
shiny and filled with bright ornaments,
their faces and necks white with rice
powder and their lower lips bright with
scarlet paste. They are chattering in
Oil the Streets In Japan.
The Theater Magazine for June is an
admirable midsummer number and
filled with Interesting , reading matter
and attractive pictures. One of the
leading features is an article entitled
"The Actress in Her Automobile,"
which shows' how popular the new,
self-moving vehicle has become with
the people of the stage. It is illustrated
with pictures taken especially for the
magazine, showing Julia Marlowe,
Maxine Elliott, Virginia Harned, Marie
Cahill, Hattie'. Williams and other Btage
favorites driving their own machines.
The interview of The. month is with
Arnold Daly, once an office boy In
Charles Frohman's employ, and now an
established and successful theatrical
star. A veteran manager contributes
Interesting reminiscences of Lola Mon
tez, that remarkable actress and ad
venturess who for a time ruled over "a
kingdom, and there. Is a full "account
with pictures of Otis Skinner's new
play, "The Harvester." The prominent
children of the stage are pictured in
a page of beautiful portraits, and Alex
ander Hume Ford gives characteristic
anecdotes at each little player. Wells
"Hawks continues his instructive papers
on "How Theaters Are Managed," this
month's installment . being devoted to
the "bill poster. ; There Is also an Inter
esting ! account, by F. P. Delgado, of
the famous . open-air theaters of
France. W.W. Whitelock discusses
recent noteworthy German plays, and
Cecil Cavendish dedicates a poem to
••The f Man, Behind the Play. 1 ' In this
Issue also Julia Wemple reaches Vthe
third chapter of . her Interesting "Con
fessions of a Stage Struck Girl." The
pictures include, In addition to a su
perb "portrait of. Ida Conquest In "A
Midsummer; 1 Night's Dream," on the
¦ cover ,\ a full-page portrait of the new
"matinee idol,' Dustln Farnum, and full-
With .'the dashing Adele Block as
"Cigarette"; the" Alcazar ' will 1 ; this
A new, play is also promised ;by the
clever Moroscos at .the, California, who
are winning all sorts of encomiums for
good work. The play is "The Cava
lier." in which Julia Marlowe has re
cently achieved success, and Miss
Amelia ..Gardner, -already a popular
local Idol, will make her reappear
ance therein.
An important attraction will be
the Tivoli's this week in the new
•military comic opera, "Sergeant Kit
ty." 'Among other new singers Miss
Lillian SeftonT.the new brima. donna'
soprano,' will ' make her appearance.
The management promises a splen
did production.
Mrs. Leslie Carter will begin'"-' her
season in "Du Barry" Monday nlglft,
June 13. Seats will be on sale at
the box office next Thursday morn'ng.
This, the last week of Melbourne
Macpowell's engagement at the Grand
Opera-house, will be given over to
tho production of a new romantic
play, "A Captain of Navarre." The
scene of the play is laid in Paris at
the period when Charles IX and
Henry of Navarre were at bitter feud
with each other. Mr. MacDowell will
play the title role nnd Ethel Fuller
will be seen as the Duchesse d'Arme
nonville.
¦¦/•¦.- - . ?•-¦;•• '.-¦¦¦¦¦ --¦¦ : --\ ¦=
Charming Maude Adams and her
clever company in "The Little Minis
ter" are the Columbia's this
week. The engagement has proved
one of the most enlivening and de
lightful of the season. Miss Adams'
art Is all her own,'' most winsome and
engaging, and her company Is an ex
ceptionally adequate one.
CHAT ABOUT PL/AYS
AND MOVEMENTS ON
AND OFF THE STAGE
A tin mining advancer, with a ke
pala of a mining kongsi two and a
half miles on the Cheroot path, were
set upon- by three Macaos on the 24th
instant, who spoke both Keh and Mos
cow, armed with parangs, who relieved
them of about $80 In cash. The kepala
had often seen these robbers In Go
peng and can Identify them. The rob
bery was reported at the Gopeng police
station at 5:30 p. m. oh the 24th and a
sergeant, a lance corporal and a Chi
nese detective, accompanied by the ke
pala, proceeded to the scene of the
robbery and"" on arriving there at 6:30
p. m.. saw three men hiding 1n the
Jungle, who, seeing the search party,
scooted. The lance corporal save
chase and succeeded in capturing one
of the robbers. The other two men
managed to make off and hide in the
jungle, as darkness had set In, and
they could not be seen. The robber
who had been arrested gave the names
of the two other robbera as Lim San
and Lo Qui, and he stated that he
worked In a mining kongsi quarter of
a mile from the scene of the robbery.
The search party proceeded to the
kongsi and arrested one of the pris
oners. The other prisoner was foun£
early the next morning, hiding in some
lalang, and was soon captured. This
was very smart work on the part of
the police.— Penans Straits Echo.
Malayan English.
STAR ATTRACTIONS
WJLLlJE SEEN' IX TIIE
THEATERS THIS WEEK
beBlde me I "saw the deep light of an
ascendant faith.
I noted then, small, pregnant thing,
hla scarf pin, an interwoven cross and
crown. » '
"I believe," he said, and it Is verily
a Berthold credo," "that art is religion."
- The drama that to teach virtue
pictures vice, the singer said, had the
"right aim, the" wrong means. Ono
goes home to shudder and forget. But
given a Lohengrin, and how it up
lifts. One wants at. once: to be some
thing finer, something higher... . .We
know evil is always* there— but let us
get away from it when we can. Good
is the magnet that ultimately attracts
humanity."— \
And then somehow,, we fell fathoms
deep into the philosophies. Schopen
hauer with his irritant pessimism— the
truest optimism, Mr. Berthold declares,
holds chief est shrine' ' in the singer's
temple. Time and space, Kant, and the
fourth . dimension -happened along.
Then came up the religion of Him of
Nazareth, and on the face of the man
"I don't think the school musically
very elevating," the singer answered.
"It is morbid, sensational, spasmodic,
exciting. As to realism, the plots are
too remote from dally life to have a
moral effect by their depiction of mur
der or lust.- One. is In no danger <jf
becoming a Pcarpla — "
"But should morality be integral or
incidental to art?"
"Perhaps," he allowed.- "It is cer
tainly the work of an exhausted .in
tellect. How different from the ex
traordinary 'Otello' and of
Verdi, ¦ wrl£jen in his eighties. There
is an operatic composer now!"
/"Do you like the modern Italians?"
season.
"It had to come," he put it, "and
why not now "as well as later? There
were too many words oVer the affair.
They fell Into a trap in Germany and
by their protests advertised the pro
duction most admirably."
"Schumann-Heink said, it seemed to
me wisely, that not being the best of
Wagner's work It needed the Bayreuth
surroundings," I said:
The singjer then to my questioning
said that lie saw no difference between
the production of "Parsifal" this last
season and "Parsifal" in some future
"Let them roar," said Mr. Berthold.
"In a contest between brass and hu
man muscles the brass Is bound to
win."
BERTHOLD, TENOR, WHO ESSAYS COMEDY ROLES.]
Mrs. Patrick Campbell is to make
another tour of this country under the
management of Charles Frohman in
Sardou's latest play, "The Sorceress."
She will probably follow "The Girl
From Kays" at the Herald Square
Theater, New York, in October. Before
sailing for the United States Mrs.
Campbell is to play a brief engagement
in Paris with Madame Bernhardt in
"F,elias and Melisande."
Nance O'Neil was tendered a testimo
nial at the Colonial Theater, Boston,
last Saturday night and was greeted
by an overflowing house. '
• * •
De Wolf Hopper is to Join the vaude
ville ranks at the conclusion of the
run of "Wang."
Millie Blanchard, the young English
tragedienne, known as the "English
Bernhardt," has recovered from her re
cent Illness and will be'seen in New
York next season in "Cleopatra," "The
odora, Leah, the Forsaken" and the
new play, "Trllla." «
During his fall tour Ralph Stuart Is
to produce "Kit Carson," which has
been rewritten by Franklin Fyles.
• • .
Nat Goodwin is to have a new play
next season, to be furnished by I. N.
Morris, the /author of "Jim Bludsoe."
It is to be a four-act comedy and will
be completed by the time Mr. Goodwin
returns from Europe.
page plates giving scenes from "Tit
for Tat," "A Venetian Romance" and
"The Prince of Pilsen." There are also
large and excellent halftones of Arnold
Daly, William Courtenay, Virginia
Harned as Camille. Katherine Grey,
David Montgomery, Charles Blgelow,
Carlotta NiUson. Edna Phillips, Co
rinne. Parker, Marion Fairfax and
others.
The new burlesque at Fischer's, "U.
S.," going to the tune of a large suc
cess, will have an additional feature
of much Interest to-night In the ap
pearance of "The Eight Radium Girls,"
a beautiful and costly specialty that
has attracted much attention in the
East.
Richard Walsh and Adele Ligon. in
"The Twentieth Century Burglar and
the French Soubrette." are the stars
of the current Chutes contingent.
Tom Waters, with a "unique piano
act," and Truly Shattuck are head
lined at the Orpheum this week.
"The Peddler," a character drama
something on the order of "The Auc
tioneer," will be the Central's bill
this week. Herschel Mayall will no
doubt make his customary record in
the name role. /
week present Ouida's popular drama,
"Under Two Flags." White Whittle
sey is scheduled to appear at this the
ater next month.
The merchant steps out from his shop
to tell you he has some new Kakemona
or carving to show, antiques from 300
years^old to those so recent that the
lacquer is hardly dry. "Step in, sir,"
cries a young man, waving his hand in
the air as he paints' with an imaginary
brush an imaginary picture, "and see
how Japanese artist using his brush."
He hands you his card and you are
pleased to read the motto of his bouse
is "Earliest is the best policy."
"I was waiting for you," says a pret
ty girl, smiling; "will you please come
in my shop? I have black racker and
red racker trays. Yes, very pretty."
She spends all her time In front of her
shop between the two bridges. If she
sees one cross either bridge she is al
ready waiting when he has crossed. No
one escapes.
the shrill, penetrating voices which are
peculiar to them.
desired, to control their own bookings.
The agency succeeded In effecting ar
rangements with many theaters
throughout the United States and a
few months ago the probabilities were
that the independent ranks would be
largely augmented. At that time more
than thfrty first-class attractions were
preparing to join us.
"The unexpected union of the Stair
and Havlln circuit with the syndicate
defeated these plans, which were based
chiefly upon' Mr. Stair's assurances
that his theaters would remain open to
independent first-class attractions . for
a period of years. Moreover, the bad
season and many disasters to expen-
society, and every little German vil
lage of 30.000 has its symphony," I
grumbled. "How is it?"
Mr. Berthold thought a moment.
He has a habit of thinking before he
speaks. Then he decided: "I think
it, is. because In Germany they will not
do without music. They never think
of going without it any more than of
going without dinner. It is part of
their meat. It never stops. If it is
not grand opera it is comic opera all
the year round. And then there will
be even in small places ten or twelve
symphony concerts every season.
Then there are the fine military bands
and they never play trash. They play
in the parks, and if it severely rains
they play in laKge music halls, where
one may drink and smoke. Music is
not there a luxury; it is a neces
"But where do you get your sym
phony orchestra in a small town?" I
appealed.
"From the theaters,** Berthold replied.
"On the concert night they give plays
in which they will need no orchestra,
so as not to interfere."
Simplicity itself!
"And the pecuniary support?"
"Everybody subscribes, of course,"
the singer settled it. Of course!
"Then." he volunteered further, "the
symphony concerts are not society af
fairs."
As the singer leaned forward to em
phasize his point, elbow on the seat in
front, his chin on his hand, I got my
first good view of that Anton Seidl-like
head. There is the same broad.clear
brow; clean-cut, classic lips; gray eyes,
now with a glint of fun in them, and
clear as truth Itself. And there's a
good, big, practical nose to balance
much of mysticism one finds in the
face.
Later, inevitably, we got to the Ger
man transcendentalists. Nietzsche and
his" "overman" came up in the connec
tion.
"Shall I guide my life by Nietszehe?—
he died mad,"' the singer cried. Then,
with the archaic earnestness that dis
tinguishes him, the accent somehow
cloistral that invests Mr. Berthold's
lightest word, the tenor said: "By their
fruits ya shall know them. Madness is
not the lot of the truly wise."
Whatever he has lived by— and I take
it to be a mixture of Buddhism by way
of Schopenhauer, Swedenborgianism
probably, Christianity certainly— it has
written a fine sanity, kindness, wisdom,
deeply into the Berthold face.
But he was finding mild amusement
in our society patronage of the sym
phony concerts. I offered wisely: "But
you owe your musical development in
Germany originally to aristocratic
patronage!"
"A long time ago," he demurred,
smilingly, "and it is an insecure foun
dation. An art becomes vital only in
so far as it js the very life of the
people. The highest development of
German music is, of course, instru
mental, and." the singer added, "it is
the highest form. What can be finer?
I can't imagine anything more beauti
ful than a great symphony, played by a
splendid orchestra."
"Then you do not think the" German
excels in the vocal art?" I asked.
"No, not as to pure vocalism. That
the Italians have given us once for
all," the singer generously conceded.
He put up then a qualifying hand.
"Perhaps In Germany we sing more
musically. Few people know that
Wagner says precisely that he de
sires the retention of the Italian
method and its application to the mu
sic-drrfma needs."
I ventured: "Bayreuth says differ
ently."
"That is Mme. Wagner," Mr. Berthold
explained. "Every, artist who goes
there has to exaggerate. It is
Mme. Wagner's desire. And most
of them come away with a rough stylo
and a declamatory screech. But that
was not at all Wagner's intention.
Always he insisted on the beautiful
tone. He did not regard the voice as
the supreme, dominant interest anil
orchestra as purely accompaniment.
The voice has its place In the music
drama as one of the instruments, most
important, perhaps, but not—"
He hesitated.
/ 'The whole show," I found for him.
He made a wry face at the Irrever
ence, but accepted the fact and went
on: 1 "And. look you, if—" his uplifted
brows accented a very large "If"
"if the score were regarded— pianos
and planiKsimos abound, the singer
would have no difficulty in taking Just
the place Wagner meant for him. But
•/rchestras so often have to stick to the
notes 'only. They don't see the man
up there"— Mr. Berthold fell into a first
fiddle with his nose in the score, and
then into a frantic conductor with a
hissing "pianissimo!" between his
teeth. "They don't know the operas,
in fact, and roar along unceasingly."
"What to do then?"
Mozart, so the ta!e goes, deaf to
praise of his music, would swapper at
a compliment to his dancing. "Hs even
bo with the best of us. Cleveland pre
fer* to hanc three small fish over his
shoulder before The envious eyes of
<mc small boy. ralher than to be Pres
ident of the United State?. Joaquin
Miller 1 have se*n yawn at praise of
hi* poem K . but strut gorgeously at a
word for his salads. W. H. Crane
prefers fame as the Napoleon of
>>'\en-up" rather than as the David
Harum of history. And so it goes.
So it was, I suppose, that Barren
RertboUL tenor, that the
Viyoll has bfen so fortunate to securo
for an in-between season, brouerht me
pome Taceblatt and other criticisms
<<t his= Fra Diavolo to look at the
.<;hn day. Now. Mr. Berthold has
t-jng all of the •"Ring" chief tenor roles
In ope we^k, with perhaps a Tristan
Thrown in. H'.s Don Jose in 'Car
inen" has von him in Germany thf
title of the 'singing tragedian"; his
Faust is equally famous. Few there
h? here. too. who do not remember his
at ble Jew in "La Julve." in the Tiv
oli'ii earlier day? of grand opera. But
<!<< you think that it was of the?*
things Mr. Berthold elected to talk the
other day? No. Fir! as Edna Aug
s-ays. It was of his recent success as
Fia Diavoio and of his pleasure in
ringing "Robin Hood," in which the
Tivoli is shortly to present him.
Mayhap, artist always. Mr. Berthold
may blossom into a comedian before
<ur very eyes. The Tageblatt. with
visible astonishment, pays he did so
blossom in Bremen last season. And
I should be so happy to picture Mr.
Pr-rthold as a "born comedian." He
was so naively desirous of being taken
for one the other day when I had the
privilege of a chat with this rare
singer. But alas! I am compelled to
betray him. Everything else admirable
I found Mr. Berthold, but alack no
comedian. I could as well fancy Lo
hengrin in cap and bWls — and there you
have Barron Berthold, a modern Lo
hengrin.
Being a modern Lohengrin has its
advantages. Mr. Berthold did not
have to depend on a rickety swanship
lo carry him to the Tivoli where we
met. and his carefully worn gray suit
was undoubtedly more comfortable
than the Silver Knight's glad rags.
We wandered first up to the airy top
pallery of the theater, in search of
lipht for a photograph, the tenor ex
pressing much admiration on the way
for the fine opera-house.
Seriously, carefully. Mr. Berthold
"stood" then, using up as much con-
Fcience on a pose as some actors do
on a role. And then we went down
stairs, to the semi-gloom of the large
auditorium, sole audience of the big
clouds and drums of "The Toy
makers" 'set" on the stage.
We took fifty-cent sea-ts at the back,
and Mr. BerthoM began the business
of the interview by pulling out the
aforesaid Tageblatt notices.
/ "I should like, if you please, if you
would look at these articles," he be
*ran. holding them out with naive
pride.
"After you, my dear Mr. Berthold."
I rejoined, and the singer then trans
lated for me the Tageblatt's astonieh
men* at his excellent comedy, with its
incidental references to his admirable
.-.ccomplishments as a Wagnerian
Finger.
One could read a surprise equal to
the Tageblatt in the singer's tone.
Mr. Berthold has evidently made only
a recent and deligrhted acquaintance
with himself as a comedian. It was a
satisfaction so quaint, a pride bo in
nocent, that It was utterly without
offense.
"You see," the singer said gTavely,
ier»ockcting the cuttinga, "you have
known me here only In serious roles,
I thought I should like you to know
that I have done well in comedy. The
Taseblatt critic is a very fine one.
too — 'his lovable intelligence makes it
self felt as well in the almost trivial
role of the gallant bandit as In his
famous Tannhauser." " he requoted,
etill amiably conceited.
"It is not unusual," 1 Bald, "for
Kingrers in Germany to take both
comic and tragic parts."
"No." he agreed, "much more Is
expected in that way there than in
America. Still, hardly to the extent
of the difference between Fra Di
avolo an<i Tannhauser."
"You have suns Tannhauser' a
great deal. I understand?" I
prompted.
"One hundred and ten times now, last,
in Dresden and Cologne."
"J should think the Jew in 'La
Juivc" is also h favorite part with
you. I rcrr.omSer your performance
r.t the Tivoli."
"I do like it." Mr. Berthold heart
ily confirmed. "It is a part that af
fords much opportunity for character- „
ization. and that is what I enjoy."
"They call you over there 'the
singing tragedian.' don't they?"
"Thcj' did," the "singing trage
dian" replied — "that was the Tage
b'att man, who praised my Fra Di
avolo."
"I*n'» our Tivoli here something^
like the German opera-houses?" I
asked then. "We rather pride our
calves on it. you know."
"It U all more on the German or- :
<\»r here .than anywhere in America.'.' :
th*» 'singer said, "opera all the year !
round, and the reaily radical love of t
music there appears to be." 1
"Yet we can't support a symphony
/So many Inaccurate statements have
from time to time appeared in print^
regarding my attitude toward the so
called Theatrical Syndicate that in jus
tice to myself I am compelled to re
quest the publication of the following
facts that- my position may be fully
understood and that my Integrity as
a man may not be impeached:
"Successful results alone count. It Is
of very little interest to know why u
fight is lost, but rather how it is won.
However, for the benefit of thosesfew
.among the public and my own pro
fession who are interested I am will
ing to make the follawing statement
regarding my own position and the
prospective dissolution of the Inde
pendent Booking Agency. The bad
theatrical season w«.8 the principal
cause of the coalition between the syn
dicate and Messrs. Stair and Havlin,
thereby closing to us the houses con
trolled by the latter firm. Following
this coalition came the failure of the
attractions sent out by Weber &
Fields, which very materially weaken
us| because without attractions it Is
almost impossible to induce managers
to keep their theaters open.
"Following this ,Weber & Fields
disposed of their theaters — the West
End in Harlem, the Globe in Boston
and the Broadway in Williamsburg— "
to Messrs. Stair & Havlln, although
they had a five-year contract with the
"Owing to the withdrawal of Messrs.
Weber & Fields and Campbell from the
Independent Agency there remained
only fir. Hackett and myself. Mr.
Hackett having decided, for the rea
sons he has stated, to appear in
theaters booked by the syndicate next
season, it was decided to discontinue
the Independent Booking Agency.
"The discontinuance of the agency
will make no change^whatever in the
independent course pursued by Mrs.
Fiske and, myself, which we adopted in
1S96 and which we hav» steadfastly
and consistently followeu ever since.
We "believe that a monopolistic con
trol is opposed to the best interests
of the American theater and our be
lief has been . confirmed amply by the
developments that have grown out of
that control, the disastrous effects of
which are now plainly visible to every
thoughtful student of the theatrical
situation in this country.
"Mrs. Fiske will continue to play only
in independent theaters. The Manhat
tan Theater in New York will continue
to be an independent theater. Mrs.
Fiske will begin her next season in
September, at the Manhattan, where
she will fulfill a long engagement and
make several productions."
Mr. Hackett's, statement follows: •
The following statements of Harrison
Grey Fiske and James K. Hackett as to
the dissolution, of the .Independent
Booking Agency speak for themselves.
Their, fight has been a good one, and in
their defeat they have proved them
selves not less worthy. >4Ir. Fiske has
this to say: *
¦ "The' agency was organized in 1902.
James K. Hackett and myself believing
it would be advantageous to establish
a rallying point for the independent
movement and to concentrate the ener
gies of managers of attractions who
sive productions made by the syndicate
caused its members^to assume an at
titude of cauticm with respect to risk
ing new productions next season and
Accordingly they offered unusually fav
orable bookings to outside managers
who had had a hard time previously to
secure. suitable opportunities to pre
sent their attractions auspiciously.
This temporary change of policy on the
part of the syndicate removed sources
of discontent and prevented a number
of leading managers from carrying out
their original intention to Join the
ranks of the independents.
"It must not be supposed that the In
dependent Booking Agency has labored
in vain. It has had, in many instances,
a decided remedial effect; but I am
j»orr>rN to say that I have discovered
that the very men who would have
benefited most >by the success o/ the
independent cause and who would
naturally have been supposed to ally
themselves with it after the pioneer
work had been done, have utilized it
for- selfish ends, while giving it no
substantial encouragement. In other
words, they have benefited by it
without helping It or even appre
ciating its alms. This is a very
varnished tale regarding the condi
tions with which Mr. Fiske and
I have had to contend. Courtesy and
sympathy forbid the publication of the
absolutely plain facts, which would
not reflect credit upon many men who
have been more or less intimately as
sociated with us. We have nothing to
be ashamed of and nothing to regret,
except the lack of co-operation and
•good faith -on the part of the men
from whom we had not only reason
but right to expect loyalty and honest>.
1 sincerely hope that the few people
who have been kind enough to interest
themselves in me professionally and
In my personal career will appreciate
the reasons why I am compelled to ac
cept the Inevitable and give me the
same respect that any man would re
ceive who has struggled honestly and
v-ho has be«n defeated through no
fault of his own."
Independent Booking Agency for the
West End and a verbal agreement re
garding the other houses. Following
close upon the heels of this. Mr. Camp
bell, because he had become affiliated
with Mr. Belasco signified his desire
to sever his connection with the Inde
pendent Booking Agency. I then en
deavored to form an alliance with Mr.
Belasco, but for reasons j which,
I dare Fay, were quite cogent to him
self, he declined to* enter Into any coali
tion. Without a coalition of the Inde
pendent forces the fight seemed to me
to be absolutely hopeless. This left
Mr. Fiske and myself. I realized that
I myself could be of very little weight
1n helping Mr. Fiske to open theaters
that were not already independent, as
two attractions in such a case are
really no better than one; and after
many consultations, with Mr. Fiske,
for whom I have the warmest and
strongest personal regard, we agreed
that the Independent Booking Agency
had outlived Ita usefulness and there
fore the time was ripe for its disso
lution, which will take place shortly.
"I have devoted over two years, and
two of tho best years of my life, to
the Independent cause; have spent
much time and much money and an
enormous amount of energy. I re
signed frcm the syndicate ranks of my
own volition, and I shall return and
play syndicate houses next season. I
do not believe any more to-day than
I did a few years ago that a syndi
cate control of theatrical affairs Is bene
ficial to the artistic growth and de
velopment of the " drama in any
country, but I must say that the syn
dicate's attitude toward a defeated
foe, In my case, at least, has been gen
erous and fair.
THE SAN FRANCISCO- GALL, 'SUNDAY. JUNE 5, 1904.
19
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLKLONDON, June 4. — Living pictures of
beautiful women are to De seen at the
Imperial Theater on June 6. the ex
hibition being in aid of the East End
settlement. Lady Henry Somerset,
who is deeply concerned as to the suc
cess of the undertaking, is arranging:
two pictures in which many pretty
children will take part.
Pretty Women in Living Pictures.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis A. Monteagle, Col
onel and Mrs. John P. Irish,' Mrs. A.
D. Wilder, Alvln D. Wilder, Mr. and
Mrs. J. G. Allen, Mr. and Mrs. F. E.
Brigham, Mr. and .Mrs. R. M. Fitz
gerald, Captain, and Mrs. ' Charles
Minor Goodall; -Mrs. . H. P. Gregory,
Miss. Elise Gregory, . Mr. and Mrs.
Charles S. Houghton, Mr. and. Mrs. R.
G. Brown, Miss Florine Brown, Mrs.
Lillian >B! Evarts, Mr. and Mrs. A. H.
Babcock, Mr. and, Mrs. P." E. .Bowles,
Mr.i and Mrs. J. Athearn .Folger,. Mr.
and.'Mrs. ¦ Frederick Hathaway, ',; Mrs.
Jennie Cook, Mr. and . Mrs: T. ' :"C.
Coogan, : Mr. and 'Mrs. G.fW.jCope,
Miss Gebrgie ,'Cope, Miss Jennie, Craig,
Paul Perinoyer, Mr.', and; Mrs. J.{ O.
Cadman, Mr. arid Mrs. E. *R.. Folger,
Mrs. ¦ J. A: Fplger. \ Mr. , and \ M rs. . S. *R.
Knight, Mr., and Mrs. '. W, S.Kenny, Mr.
and Mrs.iW. B. Hamilton] Mr.; and Mrs.
sister, Miss Cassie. .
Mr. Butler is the son of P. F. Bugler,
a retired merchant.
The wedding, reception will be held
at the Occidental, where the Hay
wards girls have ... lived' since their
mother's death some years ago.
'..-•.. • • '.. <
What a merry time Alice Roosevelt
is giving the St. Louisans. She enter
tains even the policemen in that burg
by scorching in her auto— rather in the
Catlln auto— which, by the way, will
be- sanctified • forevermore.*
On" Tuesday the bbafd of lady man
agers i tendered the ' impetuous little
lady, a' luncheon In the Woman's build
ing, which, doubtless, -was very much
of a' bore to her. Instead of 100 invi
tations being, issued. 150 .were sent out,
the superfluous .fifty bringing to bear
enough influence- to force the issue.
A BRIDE, A BRIDE-TO-BE 'AND A CLEVER MATROtf.
Among the, guests were: Captain H.
B. Rogers, . Lieutenant . R.' O.* Crisp,
Lieutenant H. H. Wolf,' Lieutenant
Eben Parker, j Lieutenant' H.v O.'.Slay-
Mrs. Frederick Stratton gave a
charming, entertainment Tuesday on
board the cutter McCullocli,' lying :. at
Sausalito. .In honor of the visitors the
gallant Captain Rogers caused the ship
to be dressed, and, right smartly did
she look as her pennants were flung to
the breezes.
Miss Hazel King has gone: to" the
mountains to, spend a couple, of weeks
before going to Europe to join her sis
ter, Miss. Genevieve King. , They, will
pass the summer months in seeing. dif
ferent parts of the Continent, return
ing here for the winter. .
The wedding of Mrs. Christine Luhrs-
Cutting and Walter Byron Webster at
the home of the'bride's mother was a
notable affair. Mrs. Cutting being a
woman of much charm and personality,
not more popular, however, than Mr.
Webster, who is Identified with the
many clubs in the city and 1b consid
ered a clever fellow. .
The Palace was the scene of two.at
tractive weddings on Wednesday night,
when the Morris-LIchtenstein and the
Arendt-Marx nuptials were celebrated.
will welcome the return of the Mitch
ells to the coast.
. Apropos of brides, naval or military,
the return of Mrs. Alexander Neely
Mitchell to her home in this city is
looked for next week, when the lieu
tenant will proceed to Mare Island for
duty. Since leaving San Diego Mr. and
Mrs. Mitchell have traveled much in
the East, spending a month with the
father of the groom. Judge J. H. Mitch
ell of New Philadelphia, Ohio, who r by
the way. is a busy candidate.for.Con
gress from his district. Mrs. Mitchell is
a sister of Mrs. George Perkins, who
The Erwin-Taylor wedding at the
little Berkeley church on Wednesday
was a pretty affair, as are all military
weddings. Lieutenant Taylor and his
bride will make their home on Alca
traz Island after returning from their
post-nuptial trip.
• • •
Among the receiving party were: Mrs.
E. C. Morrison, Mrs. Churchill Taylor,
Mrs. Stuart Smith, Miss Elizabeth
Scuphaxn, Miss Pauline Collins, Miss
Lillian Moller, Miss Eva Powell. Miss
Helen Powell, Miss Aphla Vance, Miss
Cordelia Bishop, Mrs. Melvin C. Chap
man, Mrs. Harry P. Carlton, Mrs. C.
R. Brown, Mrs. W. S. Noyes, Mrs. *R.
H. Chamberlain, Mrs. Giles Gray, Mrs.
George H. Collins, Mrs. Joseph Chans
lor, Mrs/E. C. Tlmerman. Miss Alice
Heller, Miss Shreve. Miss Mary Bar
ker, Miss Grace Barnard and Miss
Annie Flint
LONDON, June 4.— Th» bridg»
craze, which is— worse than ever in
London society, Is causing no end of
money troubles, especially among the
women.
It Interferes with the operas, with
the theaters, with motoring, in fact,
with all other pastimes and recrea
tions.
It is played by women all the after
noon and evening In private houses
and now. not satisfied with the facil
ities for gambling, a new and very se
lect club called the New Almacks has
been opened at Willis' rooms, where
they can play all day and night if so
disposed.
Craze Has Extended So Far That a
Select Club. Has Been
Established.
LONDON WOMKN MAY NOW
PLAY BRIDGE ALL. NIGHT
Suffering; from Gnats.
LONDON. June 4.— From many parts
of the country come reports of the ap
pearance of swarms of midges, gnats
and so-called '"mosquitoes." which are
merely gnats under another name. In
some of the northern suburbs of Lon
don outdoor life is a penalty owing to
these Insects. This plague Is a direct
consequence - of the incessant wet
weather of last year.
The Fr ed Beavers of San Francisco
are spending a few weeks In San Ra
fael. They will occupy the W. J. Casey
place during the absence of the Caseys
in the East. Mrs. Casey and Mr3.
Beaver are sisters, a third sister beimr
The L. I* Bakers are summering at
the Hotel Rafael — -horses, ponies,
carts* and all.
*';¦¦'<* •
Early June will see the Sonntags at
the Hotel Rafael, where, as is their
custom, they will spend the summer.
Miss Edith Sonntag, who, by the way,
has developed marvelously In the last
year, has been attending school in the
East.
Mrs. William Babcock has returned
to San Rafael after a ( short visit to
the Del Monte.
" Mrs. Wellington . and the George
Bootes are in Ross for the summer.
Young Mrs. Boole, who was Miss
Hamlet, daughter of Captain Hamlet
of the United States navy, is a charm
ing young matron. As winsome Miss
Hamlet she had swains galore at her
feet until Mr. Boole was fortunate
enough to carry off the prize last
spring.
Invitations -are out for the wedding
of Miss Ersilla, the lovely daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. T. Sartorl of San Ra
tael, and Alfred Enrico Sbarboro. The
ceremony will be celebrated in St.
Raphael's Church on Saturday, June
11, at 8 p. m., a reception to follow at
the home of the bride. Both young
people are widely known in society on
both sides of the bay, where their
families are Identified, with the up
building of the community.
John E. Dunning of Portland, Or.,
has arrived in London and is staying
at the Cecil Hotol.
Among other San Francisco visitors
Btayinjc at the Carlton Hotel. London,
are W. H. Lowden and his son and
J. B. Levison.
Miss E. M. Warren of San Francisco
and Miss Dolbeer of the same city
have arrived in London and are stay-
Ing at the Carlton Hotel. After re
maining for some little time in the
metropolis these friends have planned
to proceed to Paris and to other cities
on the Continent.
• * *
Mr. and Mrs. John P. Toung, also
of San Francisco, have arrived in Lon
don and are staying at the same hotel.
Mr. and Mrs. Young will probably re
main in London for the rest of the
season.
Godfrey Eacret of San Francisco is
in London and is being entertained at
the Cecil Hotel.
- Miss Mildred Kearney of San Fran
cisco has arrived in London and Is
staying . at the Savoy Hotel. Miss
Kearney has a number of friends in
London whom she is visiting during
her, sojourn in the metropolis.
does anything In the entertaining line
so interesting as the luncheon he gave
to forty boon companions . last week.
The guests of honor were the Count
and Countess Geyza de Parhacs, who,
with their babes and. valet and maid,
will soon become householders on land
adjoining the Heights.
Quite the most elaborate affair of
the week — outside the wedding func
tions — was the reception of Mrs. C. B.
Parcells (formerly Miss Shreve) of
Alameda. A wilderness of blossoms,
scores of pretty women and an atmos
phere of bonhomie made the function
a feature of the ante-summer season.
Miss Sawyer consented to become his
life companion. Mrs. Bishop, as well
as the groom, comes of^ a legal fam
ily, her father being an* attorney , of
note and her uncle, Judge Sawyer, a
man of high attainments.
A charming little bride young
Blshoo took unto himself, when bonnv
The wedding dates of this quartet of
young people have not been determined
upon.
All hail the bride! The groom? O,
he's merely an adjunct — that is, at the
wedding ceremony. But Just wait un
til after the honeymoon. His inning
¦will come then, when the shoe will be
on the other foot, and the groom will
be the star performer. For never lived
there a bride— lest she be a widow,
with knowledge that leadeth to the
contrary — but prows ecstatic over serv
ing her new lord, her new companion,
in a thowsand little ways, if only to
hear the Loved One whisper adoringly.
•What a beast I am to let you do this
for me." Ah! That is attar of roses
to the your.g bride— she who dwelleth
yet at the ape when sacrifice is ador
able. But as the roseate days grlide
by «nd the little love-services become
corr.monplare. there often comes a
long, long time between compliments
from' the Loved One. And when here
m this Garden of Eden, where love
de«»ds had formerly brought acknowl
edgment, weeds of doubt begin to grow,
]*t the Loved One watch out — for then
there's trouble.
Weeds are troublous things In garden
patches, but they are infinitely more
troublous in the garden of human
hearts than in the pulseless soil. So
grooms, beware! Let not the tender
solicitude of your bride for your hap
piness and comfort go by unnoticed,
for the habit will grow upon you, and
the result will fail far from what you
now would wish It. There is nothing
truer than that, if love should survive
matrimony, it must be nurtured, even
as a sensitive plant doth need the
tun and water.
And — now, dear men-folk, don't get
cross at the statement of an obvious
truth— it is a fact that the bulk of
commonplaceism in matrimony is at
tributable to you, and, for reasons that
are more or less mitigating, such as
business cares, fatigue, etc. For be it
known that women, be they young
or old, pretty or poetic or common
place, regardless of station, mentality
or development, all are creatures of
sentiment, and amenable to caresses,
kind words and little acts of thought
fulness from him from whom they
have a right to expect it. Now, men
folk, the dearest follows among you
have been guilty of lapses— if you
didn't you wouldn't be men— now and
then, but no choking of the Edenic
garden ensues in a day. The weeds
are tiny, and easily plucked — although
they often tear the hands and inflict
pain in the process.
So, here's to the June husbands! May
they be ever mindful of the joys — as
well as the sorrows— that their bonny
brides have brought them, and bear
well in mind that the sorrows— as well
as the joys— are felt equally by the lit
tle women who have promised "to love,
honor and respect" your lordship
< "obey" having become obsolete with
the development of women's clubs) un
til death doth part you. Now, the
truth to tell, don't you think it really
worth while to keep alive the hearth
stone fires with the fuel of love, if for
nothing but to stop the tumult of the
ministers about our diversified divorce
laws? Happy grooms, the affair lies in
your hands — that Is. mostly.
j _ t : -> '-•-'"• •
The past week has distinguished it
self from among its fellows as prima
rily a week of weddings. And, of
course, there was bridge. What a
dreary place heaven would be without
bridge!
Herewith is a list of affairs of the
Monday.
Mrs. George McNear, hostess at her
country home, "The Shady."
Mrs. R. A. Ross, hostess at a theater
party at the Columbia.
Tuesday.
Harry Stetson, host at a theater par
ty at the Columbia.
Mrs. Frederick S. Stratton, hostess of
boating party.
Wednesday.
Wedding of MIfs Marjorie Erwin and
Lieutenant James Gibson, U. S, A.
Wedding of Miss Clara Sawyer and
Edward F. Bishop.
Marriage <>f Mrs. Christine Luhrs-
Cutting and Walter Byron Webster.
Wedding of Miss Amy E. Marx and
Alfred E. Arendt.
Wedding of Mrs. Cora V. Stinson and
Dr. Harold Johnson.
Wedding of Miss Violette Natalie
Morris and Marc Lichtenstein.
Wedding of Miss Elizabeth Shankland
end Jefferson Chandler in Lob Angeles.
Mrs. Charles R. Parcells of Alameda,
hostess at a large reception.
Friday.
Hop at. the Presidio, the officers of
the Tenth Infantry the hosts.
Final meeting of the Albert Sydney
Johnson Chapter of Daughters of the
Confederacy at the home of Mrs. Alfred
Hunter Voorhies on California street.
Saturday.
Wild West Pony Show at San Rafael.
Dedication of the Bohemian Club
house on Russian River.
Among the interesting " bits of news
given out through the week were the
betrothals of two couples well known
to society— the engagement of Miss
Malvina Marks of New York and Ed
gar D. Peixotto, and of Mias Florence
Hellman and Sidney M. Ehrman.
Miss Marks was a visitor to San
Francisco two years ago, evidently
making a deep impression upon the
brilliant young barrister. During his
ricent visit to the East he pressed his
suit with the happy result of a be-,
trothal.
Miss Helhnan. the second fair fiancee,
is the younger daughter of I. W. Hell
ii.an. president of the Nevada National ¦
P-ank and other financial institutions.
iir. Ehrman is a clever chap, a grad
uate of the University of California
' ard of Hastings Law College, good
looking and possessed of many social
acquirements.
ton, Captain and' Mrs.* J.'C. 'Can twell,
Lieutenant Wheeler, Mr. and-, Mrs. F.
S. Stratton, Mrs. Walter C. Good, Mr.
and Mrs. ,Thomas Prather, Mr. and
Mrs.- Edspn Adams, Mr., and. Mrs. G.
W. . McNear, : Miss McNear, Mr. and
Mrs.' Joseph S. Spear Jr., Mr. and Mrs.
V. H. Metcalf, Professor and Mrs. Ber
nard Moses, Colonel'and Mrs. George
C. Edwards, President and Mrs. Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler, Mr. and Mrs. Harry
East Miller, Mr. and Mrs. A. Moore,
Miss Ethel Moore', Mr. and Mrs. War
ren Olney Jr., Mr.' and Mrs. Bernard
P. Miller, .Miss' Prather, Mr. and Mrs.
George E. . Perkins, Mr. and Mrs. • Eg
bert Stone, Miss Cornelia Stratton, Mr.
and Mrs. Louis Tasheira, Mr. and Mrs.
Harry H. Smith, Mr. and Mrs. D. Hen
shaw Ward, Mr. and Mrs. F. C. Tur
ner, Mr. and Mrs. Wlllard Batchelder,
Newton ] Koser, Mr/;*and "Mrs. H. J.
Knowles, Mr. and Mrs. J. B. McChes
ney, Miss. Clara- McClesney, Mrs. Emil
Barrangan, Mr. and . Mrs. George D.
Greenwood,' Sterling .A* Campbell, Pro
fessor and Mrs. G. M. Stratton, Mr. and
Mrs. . Richard -Derby, Mr. and • Mrs.
Clem G. Perkins and Miss Alice Mc-
Chesriey. -
Among the weddings . announced for
next week— and there's quite an ag
gregation of them— is ' that of Miss
Edna Haywards and Frank Butler,
which will be celebrated at 8:30 next
Wednesday evening at St. Mary's
Cathedral. .
Miss Haywards is the daughter of
Captain H. M. Haywards of the
Oceanic- Steamship Company, a girl of
fine .personality and much cultivation,
having traveled extensively with her
That's a pretty story going the
rounds of the dainty Miss Alice and
M. La Grave, the handsome commis
sioner from France. The good-looking
Gaul had the honor to conduct Miss
Roosevelt through the French section
of the Manufacturers' building, where,
by the way, she was received by the
dignitaries with the deference those
charming courtiers understand so welL
During the inspection a miniature
watch, exquisitely Jeweled, arrested her
attention, whereupon the gallant La
Grave begged her to accept the little
bauble as a gift. Lucky Miss Roose
velt!
• • a
Of course everybody knows that Joa
quin Miller does things that are not set
down in decalogues of young ladies'
seminaries. But it isn't often that he
Was ever a time like this for •wotxnd
ed hearts, whose lacerations are laid
bare to a gaping world? In almost
every city of consequence in the na
tion some society man is wrapped in the
toils of a breach of promise suit. Ir»
most cases the man is old — old enough
to know better, and the maid is youns
— seemingly too young to be skilled in
the fine art of blackmail. But herein
is a phase of the women who sue —
they who find balm in gold. They are
commonly of one type — that of the
adventuress. If, as no doubt some
times happens, a maidenly maid is
forsaken, she is nnt to be found at the
bar of justice, seeking to even scores
with her recreant lover. Far be it
from her to proclaim to the world the
evidences of her lost love. That is
her affair 1 — and the world never hears
of it from her.
Time was when a discussion of ill
ness in society was considered a vul
garism — not to say a bit of boorish
ness. Who of us care a straw wheth
er the stomach or liver, or— well, I
might go further, if I cared to quote
from conversations of some appar
ently well-bred people — do or do not
fulfill their allotment of duty? It's
distinctly vulgar, stupid, and depress
ing. Then let us try to frown it down.
Besides, It encourages the hypochon
driac to live on— just to talk over his
woes. That pleasure denied him, he
would die outright — and the world
would be well rid of him, as of all
croakers.
• • *
The Downey Harveys have returned
from their Continental trip, and after
a few days will go down to their Menlo
he me.
The Misses Genevieve and Anita
have had a delightful year In Paris,
imbibing much of the atmosphere of
the boulevard and atelier. It is a safe
prediction that the girls will be
triumphant in their debutante year —
next year, I believe.
Mrs. Thomas Menzies and family are
among the June departures from San
Rafael. They have taken a place in
Bollnas for the summer. The Menzies*
beautiful San Rafael home will be oc
cupied through the summer months by
the Livingston Jenks of San Francisco.
The W. B. Bradfords of San Rafael
have gone for the summer. They ex
pect to visit St. Louis.
Among those who enjoy San Rafael
most thoroughly every summer are the
Ortmans of San Francisco and their
daughter, Mrs. Sullivan. This season
they are In the attractive, roomy Du
bois place, on Fifth avenue, where they
summered two years ago.
Mrs. George D. Boyd hajt recovered
from an injury to her foot and is about
San Rafael once more. Mrs. Boyd is
one of the women who is much missed
when she 13 obliged to withdraw from
her friends. And the same simple
charm of manner which characterizes
Dr. Scott's daughters and grand
daughters Is hers to a marked degree.
Santa Barbara seems to b« vying
with time-honored Monterey in popu
larity. Among the throng of visitors
to the beautiful old southern mission
town are the Charles Harleys, who
have been spending a short time there
before taking possession of their sum
mer quarters in San RafaeL
• * •
Mrs. "Walter Hobart Is spending a
few quiet weeks at her grandmother's
charming old place in San Rafael. Her*
sister, Mrs. Lilly, who has been in San
Rafael since early spring, expects to
leave soon for a visit to Santa Bar
bara. Undoubtedly Mrs. Lilly is one
of the best dressed women in San Ra
fael, as well as one of the most at
tractive.
• • •
Mrs. F. M. Angellottl and her daugh
ter, Miss Marian, will leave about tha
middle of June for an extended Euro
pean trip. .
• • •
Speculation, which was rife, has now
become a certainty.. The date of the
Maclntosh-Menzies wedding has been
set for the early part of July. It was
thought that it would take place In the
autumn, after the return of the- Mac
intosh family from their Eastern visit.
But the longing to be married In the
old home prevailed, and the wedding
will take place on the 7th of July at the
summer home in -the Adirondack*.
where the Macintoshes have spent so
many summers. They left several
weeks ago for the East, to be joined
soon by Mr. Menzles. The Angellottl
place In San Rafael has been leased
for the young couple. And an Ideal
place it Is for a honeymoon, nestled
away In the midst of Its vines and
roses.
Mrs. Frank Madison, who has recently
taken up her residence in San RafaeL
THE SAN FRANCISCO* CALL, SUNDAY; : JUNE ; : 5, 1904.
20
DING DONG DELL
GOES THE MARRIAGE BELL!FORTY-EIGHT PAGES- SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY,; JUNE 5, 1904— PAGES 21 TO 34.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
NEW YORK, June 4.— While his wife
waited for him on the American line
pier to-day with tickets ready for their
voyage on the Germanic to Europe,
Frank T. Young, known as "Caesar"
Young, the well-known turfman, for
merly a resident of San Francisco, was
shot and killed in a cab. He died with
out having spoken a word that would
clear the mystery surrounding the trag
edy. ¦ .
"Nan" Patterson, Wrecker of the Book*
maker's Home, Will 'Be Charged
KAS LLi L JLJL LO JJJL ULi sJLtZI • --
"CAESAR" YOUNG, THE CALIFORNIA TURFMAN,
SLAIN WHILE RIDING IN CAB WITH ACTRESS
Continued ¦ on Page 23, Column 3.
War, News Continued on Page 33. •
PARIS, June 4.— A dispatch from
St. 1 Petersburg to the Havas Agency
says an unconfirmed rumor Is circu
lating there that General Kurold has
been captured by the Russians.
Paris Hears Wild Rumor.
NEW YORK, June 4.— -George
Richmond, engineer, author - and
translator of technical books of inter
national reputation, was found dead
in his private office in this city to-day,
aged 45 "years. He had ¦ committed
suicide.
AUTHOR OF INTERNATIONAL
REPUTATION KILLS HIMSELF
A junk has reported that the Rus
sians have landed field pieces at Sha
River, near Hamheuns. north of Gen
san, at "which place Cossack reinforce
ments are expected.
SEOUL, Korea,. June 4.— The Com
i-qissloner of Customs of Gensan, Korea,
wires that a Russian jittack on that
place is deemed imminent. He is mak
ing preparations to send the women
and children to a mountain monastery,
twenty miles distant.
Women and Children Will Seek Safety
in Mountain Monastery.
GENSAN -iXPECTS ATTACK.
SIMLA, British India, June 4. — The
British expedition | into Tibet has cap
tured two 4-pounders from the enemy
and a Lassa general is reported to
have ;been killed. ,, : . .
The Tibetans have refused to for
ward to Iiassa- the letter from Colonel
Ypunghusband, the political agent
with the expedition, fixing the latest
date on .which the 'British are pre
pared to meet and negotiate with the
Amban and Tibetan, delegates at
Gyangtse before advancing on Lassa.
Tibetans Refuse to Forward Letter
Announcing Latest Date on Which
Negotiations Can Be Made.
BRITISH EXPEDITION
,¦ CAPTURES TWO GUNS
The tornado appeared to jump from
place to place, leaving intervening
spots untouched. It was especially se
vere around Waller. Mrs. Thomas
Payne's house was struck and demol
ished and she was killed. Mrs. J. W.
Gill was injured internally in the
wrecking of her home. S. G. Brown's
house was also demolished and all six
members of the family injured more
or less seriously.
In a'nd around Waller fully twenty
houses were demolished or badly dam
aged.- Ten miles southwest of. Lawton
nf teen hpuses were wrecked and sev
eraV farms, with their complete crops
of -cotton and corn and with all the
farm property, were wiped out.
OKLAHOMA CITY. O. T., June 4.—
Reports coming in from over Oklahoma
and Indian Territory indicate that a
great amount of damage has resulted
from wind, hail and rain storms during
the past two days. In Comanche Coun
ty a severe wind caused much loss. At
Walter Mrs. Thomas Payne was killed
and a number of others injured. The
property loss in the town and county
will reach $150,000. Other inland towns
are reported to have suffered heavily,
and hundreds of acres of growing crops
were destroyed!
The .wires are down In Southwestern
Oklahoma and.no trains are running.
Railroad schedules have been aban
doned. No trains arrived here over the
St. Louis and San Francisco, the Okla
homa and Southwestern or , the Mis
souri,. Kansas and Texas to-day. The
Rock Island is suffering from washouts
and the Santa Fe Is running late and
only as far. north as Wichita.
Flood conditions exist over both Ter
ritories, and much bottom' land is In
undated. The North Canadian at this
point' left its banks to-day,. and a fur
ther rise is reported ¦ from up-river
points. .'..'.¦'
A terrific . rainstorm prevailed first,
five Inches of water falling, washing
out crops and- ruining -many farms.
This was followed by an unusually
heavy hailstorm, hall stones as big as
a man's hand beating down everything
green and breaking thousands of win
dow panes.
L.AWTON, O. T., June 4.— A tornado
in the Kiowa and Comanche nations
has demolished a great number of resi
dences and business houses at numer
ous small towns and laid waste dozens
of farms. One person is known to have
been killed and about a dozen are be
lieved to have been injured, one fatally.
It is reported that the towns of Chat
tanooga and Faxons, small places, have
been entirely destroyed. They are
known to have been in the track of the
storm. Wires are down and details are
lacking. The town of Hulen also is re
ported to have been completely de
stroyed.
An area several miles wide and ex
tending from Frederick, In the south
western part of Comanchv. County, to
the Indian Territory line, was devas
tated. In this belt it Is estimated
that fully 200 houses were Wrecked and"
the crops almost totally ruined.
Oklahoma Cities Suffer Heavy Damage
and Large Areas of Growing Grain
Are Destroyed.
Another trainloa* of wounded Rus
sians has arrived here and has been
visited by General Kuropatkin. wh>
talked to the men and was assured
that they were doing well.
CHEFU, June 5, H a. m.— The Rus
sian Consul here is receiving messages
from Port Arthur by means of carrier
pigeons. The messages are being for
warded to St. Petersburg.
L.IAOTANG, June 4. — Merchants
from the south complain that the Jap
anese are not paying for the supplies
taken by them as they did In the ear
lier stages of the war, and assert that
they are even 111 treated and Insulted
when they ask for money.
Two Chinese bandits were executed
here yesterday.
Junks arriving here report that Cos
sack, scouts have appeared in many
villages north and east. Their object
is not apparent. The natives are the
only sufferers and a large Japanese
force, if landed farther up the coast,
could easily cut off and annihilate the
raiders, whose small numbers would
preclude the possibility of their pre
venting the Japanese army landing.
• TWO BANDITS EXECUTED.
GENSAN, Korea, via Seoul, June 4.—
A small party of Japanese has been
captured by Russians eight miles north
of Gensan.__It had been previously sup
posed there were no Japanese in this
district and the captured party pos
sibly consisted of civilians — possibly
scouts landed in North Korea for ser
vice In the intelligence department.
Two hundred and fifty Russians
quartered at Hamheung are fortifying
the hill immediately south of the town.
The native Governor and his staff, who
left Hamheung on the approach of the
Russians, arrived here yesterday.
The village ; of Mancure, ten miles
ncrth of Gensan, is now burning. thQ.
Russians having fired it^ during the
night. The flames can be seen from
here.
SLAV OPERATIONS IN KOREA.
"The leading military authorities here
expect the early fall of Port Arthur,
and view this as a moat serious If not
an irreparable blow to Russia, the con
dition of Port Arthur being compared
with that of Metz and Sedan during the
Franco-Prussian war. It is pointed out
that General Kuropatkin is making the
same fatal mistake in regard to Port
Arthur's ability to resist that the
French made in connection with Metz.
The military critics without exception
disapprove of Kuropatkin's policy of
non-resistance.
This Is a notable change in French
sentiment since the war began. The
official view for the first time la strong
ly pessimistic concerning Russia's
ability to retrieve the series of reverses
culminating with the expected fall of
Port Arthur.
PARIS. June 5.— The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Matin says he
learns from a trustworthy source that
the advance guard of 14,000 men under
General Stakelberg. sent by General
Kuropatkin to the relief of Port Arthur,
has already reached the entrance to the
Liaotung: Peninsula, and that the bulk
of the'army Is following.
The correspondent of the Matin at
Newchwang confirms this, stating that
important movements of Russian
troops are proceeding to the southward
of Tachichao, toward Kaiping.
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork Her
ald. Copyright. 1904. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
Chattanooga and Faxons
Reported to Haye Been En
tirely Destroyed.
Russan Raiders Capture Japiness
Near Gensan and Destroy
Korean Villagj.
Kuropatkin's Forces Hurry
ing to Attack Besiegers
ol Port Artlrnr.
Man Territory Is
Swept by 'a
Tornado. '
Vanguard Enters tlie
Liaotung Penin
sula.
GALE RAZES
TWO TOWNS
ON PRAIRIE
MAIN SLAV
ARMY FAST
ADVANCING
nora for Ransom Arc
Released.
SIEXICAN SOLDIERS
DEFEAT THE YAQUIS
persons Held by the Indians in so-
GUAYMAS, Mexico, May 4. — Army
officials here have been advised that
Uiree companies of Federal soldiers,
xvhlch went out In pursuit of the band
of YaQuis which has been raiding
ranches, defeated the Indians near San
Jose da Guaymas, taking many prison
ers and recovering the hostages taken
by the Yaquls where the ranches were
jtillaged and burned.
DUTCH TROOPS CAPTURE
FORTRESS AT TAJIPERING
One Hundred and Seventy-Six Chinese
Are Killed Before the Strong
hold Is Taken.
I3ATAVIA, Java. June 4. — The
Netherlands troops have captured a
native fortress at Tampering, in the
Gajoe country, island - of . Sumatra.
The Dutch losses were thirty-three
killed or wounded. One hundred and
seventy-fiix Chinese were killed.
CHICAGO. June 4. — James Gaylen
a prominent turfman, was ar
rested to-day at Harlem race track,
charged with embezzling $25,000 from
his father's estate.
Prominent Turfnian Arrested,
PARIS, June^4.— Although. no official
intimation- on the'' subject 'has been
given, it is understood that France
adopted a view favoring -^the' with
drawal of some of -the American wcr
ships now at Tanglers.^ The presence
of the American ships * there • has j had
the effect of attracting shipsof other
nationalities, Including Italian and
British. • // ' • •' - • •;
According to' the I French view, : if a
local agitation "occurred American,
Italian and f British ships - might -¦¦ land
forces to preserve order, v and it is
pointed out that this, would involve.se
rious responsibilities .upon the United (
States and would ;aJso' have* the effect
of discrediting. France's paramount In
fluence in Morocco. •• The - American ' of
ficials say that the United States,war
ships will be promptly- withdrawn If
France undertakes the «ntfre' burden of ¦
securing the release of Perdlcaris. Thus
far, however,' France, while offering, to.
do everything possible, has ho desire^o
assume the burden; of. settling the Inci
dent. The French officials say' they
gladly would relieve the, United- States
Government of - the embarrassment of.
the Moroccan, affair, but they did not
wish to do so by,; plaqing themselves in'
a similar embarrassment.- , -
Princess Mary of B» Jen. Passes Away.
GMUNDEN, Austria, June, 4.—Prin
cess Mary of Baden, eldest daughter
of the Dulce'pfjCumberland'tand!wife
of Prince • Maximilian 'of • Baden. ." died
here' to-day/ aged : 34 'years. • - ¦ * . .
Government Said to Favor
Withdrawal of Some of Our
Vessels Now at 'Tangier
OUR WARSHIPS
DISTURB FRANCE
. TOPEKA, Kans.. June 4. — No far
* ther rains have fallen In Kansas dur
ing the past eighteen hours. A rapid
improvement in the flood situation is
expected. An enormous amoutft of
damage has been done. Crops have
been badly injured, thousands of
head of live stock drowned and build
ings damaged. Three lives were lost,
as nearly as can be ascertained. -•'; ¦
Southern Kansas is bearing the
brunt of the flood to-night. The Neo
eho. Walnut and Arknasas rivers are
rising in some places. The Kaw is al
eo rising.
The Arkansas and Walnut rivers
ere rapidly rising at Winfield and
Arkansas City. The Kaw and Blue
rivers are rising at Manhattan. Many
washouts on railroads are reported.
JIhiiv Washouts on the Railroads Arc
Reported and Crops Have Suf
fered Great Damage.
niVERS STILL RISING
IX SOUTHERN KANSAS
"We walked through. Fifty-ninth
street, Mr. Young having asked me to
ride with him to the, pier. Before /we
reached the cab we* passed a saloon
and I waited outside 'while Mr. Young
went In and got a drink. .He said that
he needed a 'bracer.' : . .'.: ;• . .
"During bur ride .'down Fifth avenue
we talked : about the trip'^and' his fu
ture plans. .We stopped at\Twenty
thlrd street and Mr. Younff- purchased
a new hat in-one"of the. stores in the
Fifth Avenue Hotel.* 'Then . we • drove
on and the only other stop that was
made was when • we -were neariris the
pier and' Mr. ; Young- Idecided- to have
another drink. jj| I \ waited in ..the . cab."
Being, again seated -In the. "cab, r Mr.'
Young said : ; '.We may, jiever. .see each
other again.' ; I .started', to, remon
strate, when ; there . was the report, of a
revolver.. ,.._>.,.._..,.,.,
"I was. terribly frightened. . The re-;
port was muffled. I. though tMri Young
had shot himself or had j attempted to
shoot me, keeping" the;revplver. in his
pocket^ After, the report;he' sank for
ward and 'his head dropped v'into my
lapl. 1, reached -for .the revolver and
finally found* it in his jpocket-^rln :his
right-hand /pocket, I \ believe. 1 I, took
it out and ..thrust.:. It I back ? into -¦. th«
pocket. ,If fhe 'did not > shoot,... as;I
thought, ; he ;. must; have\ put-, the. re-,
volver. back into; his. rrpbcketV after
wounding; himself. v^Itlse'eths /strange'
that he , could .dojthat,* but- the j entire^
thing is terribly, strange and 'Ir do 'not
know, what , /"¦¦•,= . . >, S.
UNDER THE : WOMAN'S SPELLv [
-Other statements were made by, Mrs.
Patterson before the day was over, and,
though, she: added ' to';'whatj she*! told
Caj)tain Sweeney,' going* back' over her
life with"; Young, : she never.- changed' in
any other, particular the story she told
immediately . after her /arrest.. *¦ 7
¦ District Attorney Jerome's offle'e was
communicated with : by Captain 'Swee
ney a'nd'by* 1 . Coroner'Brown."* \Assis£ant
District Attorney •Cans wasidetail'ed on
the case and'lmmedlately an'lnvestlga-
; story told by "Nan" Patterson to
'¦ Ice Captain Sweeney:
•Mr. Young and I have been friends
for more than, two years. v I loved him
in spite of the fact that he was mar
ried. I believe he loved me more^than
any one else and we hoped that sojne
time fate "might be goad to us. I met
him to-day upon response to a tele
phone message. He was in the best
of health and spirits, though he com
plained bitterly because he had to go
to Europe and leave; me. He said he
would be gone several months," but
promised to be back. before the end of
summer.
PRINCIPALS IN NEW YORK
TRAGEDY AND THE BEAUTIFUL.
.WIFE OF THE. VICTIM., , •.
Little is '..known' of the movements of
the pair > after that, except the follow-
Young. left home early this morning-,
telling his wife he wished to buy a hat
and settle a -few small bills and prom
ising'to meet her on the^ pier". Of his
later ¦¦ movements , nothing is ; known
save that told by "Nan". Patterson. She
has' been; stopping with Tier sister and
brother-in-law, Mr; and Mrs. . J. Mor
gan; Smith, at the St. Paul Hotel. Her
sister early this morning told her that
Ypung had 'telephoned to her to meet
him. on .the Fifty-ninth street platform
of the. Sixth avenue elevated.
¦ She dressed herself hurriedly and met
Young. Together, they went to Eighth
avenue and Fifty-ninth street r - and
there took, a cab.
< ,"NAN" . PATTERSON'S STORY.
; "Nan" Patterson, an actress with
whom Young. was infatuated, but to es
cape whose. society it is alleged he was
about to go abroad, was in the cab
with him when, he was shot. She says
the wound which caused Young's death
was Inflicted by himself, but the police
and the District Attorney are not con
vinced that she has told the truth. She
is now in the Tombs, Coroner Brown
having held her without bail pending
an examination, which will begin at
noon on Monday. In all probability
she will be charged with the murder of
Young. ;
Mrs. Young, .who Is a beautiful and
talented woman and who has been
credited by _ her husband with having
lifted "him from a position of poverty
to one of affluence, is at the home of
one of her" sisters in Harlem, heart
broken and in a state of complete phy
sical collapse. Physicians say her rea
son Is In no danger of being shattered,
but that there Is extreme danger of her
death from nerVous and physical ex
haustion. She knew of her husband's
infatuation for the woman who was
with him when he was shot, and it was
to destroy tihs infatuation that she had
persuaded him to go with' her to Eu
rope. She refuses to believe that Young
committed sulcide^and continues to call
for Justice upon his slayer.
THEORIES ARE CONFLICTING.
Those, who have known "Caesar"
Young in the East are inclined to be
lieve that he. shot himself when suf
fering from a fit of temporary insan
ity. But- his relatives and' his most
intimate friends scout the suicide
theory and insist that the Patterson
woman be charged with hjs murder.
John D.Millin, the life long friend and
business partner of Young, met "Nan"
Patterson at the- office of Coroner
Brown, this afternoon and denounced
her as a murderess. Millin could not
restrain -his anger, remembering the at
tempts he had made to Keep Young
from the woman, and had he not been
restrained he would have struck her
down where she stood quailing under
the bitterness of his words. She cried
for protection and later, when sent to
the Tombs, 1 though she' shuddered, she
appeared to be relieved at being cer
tain of at least temporary escape from
Millin's fury.
Everything was in readiness to-day
for the departure of Mr. and Mrs.
Young for Europe. The tickets had
been purchased and most of their bag
gage was . already aboard the Ger
manic. * Young spoke to his friends
about the trip," saying he expected to
enjoy ¦', himself : and adding that "he
would be glad to get away from the
Patterson woman. ;, .vl$.%.: \
V ACthe police, station „ Mrs. Patterson
weptvtiystericallyj-and kissed a postal
card -she said Young ; had j given her in
the-cab,' telling .where to address . let
ters, to him in Europe. , On the reverse
side was her sister's New York address.
j . After I Mrsi j Patterson had been cbm
mltted;to the Tombs; without bail- her
attorney told a' different story.' He said
the; card was by 'Young before
?' Upon examination at *; police head
quarters no, stains or powder marks
were « found on -"Nan'/ Patterson's
hands: Stains -were ¦ found on Young's
hands, ; believed to have been made by
powder. \ A' microscopic test will .'• be
made. ' . ". .'-.'
¦Captain Langham of the Detective
Bureau, who; has. -taken charge of the
investigation,', has been told of a num
ber of i threatening j letters received j by
iYoung>ahd; believed to have been sent
by,' a woman. In "those letters. Young
.was -told» that ' If , tie attempted to leave
New York he would be shot.
: Entering his left . breast the bullet
which i killed him passed between the
first i and second ' ribs, ranged back
ward and slightly downward, cut
through "his left luhgr and finally
lodged In his ;back, after . severing the
fourth spinal vertebrae. His friends,
the police and Assistant District Attor
ney Gans, say. It would have been dif
ficult, though not Impossible, for a
wound such" as this to have been In
flicted upon : , himself "' by Mr. Young.
They also point td the* fact that Mrs.
Patterson says' the revolver was fired
from Young's pocket. . That was not
done. Powder marks on the coat show
where-the. bullet cut through the gar
ment, but there are no powder marks
oh the. coat pocket; It would seem to
have I been impossible for Young to
place, the revolver, where Mrs. Patter
son says - she found •. it. The shock of
the' woundV.was paralyzing. Had he
held the revolver when it .was fired it
must have dropped fromhis hand. At
leasts that is 'the, supposition of Cap
tain Sweeney.'
All who have been on terms of inti
macy with "Caesar" Young assert he
was never, known to carry a revolver
and they ask why he*should have arm
ed himself when about to begin a for
eign trip. Mrs. Young said -she got
ready her husband's clothing this
morning and is certain he had no re
volver. • If he had intended to shoot
himself, friends say, he. would not have
stopped to purchase a hat. When his
clothing" was searched in the Hudson
Street\Hospital a roll of bills contain
ing $1820-was found. It is argued that
had he ' been intent upon self destruc
tion hel- would have given the money
to his wife or to < Mrs. Patterson.
'. COURSE OF TIIE BULLET. *
-.That'. Young was infa.tuated with
"Nan" Patterson . there can be. no
doubt. He seemed, to be unable to
.withstand her. blandishments. He was
more, .than generous in his dealings
with her. ' At times his infatuation
became eo intense. that he was crazed.
Twice he • jvas taken . care, of by his
friends until his. wife could reach him.
Mrs._ Young seemed to have an influ
enceup'on him when she was with him
that was even greater than that ex
erted by "Nan" Patterson. So It may
be that he. shot himself while tempo
rarily insane, as a few of his friends
believe.
tian was begun to determine whether
"Caesar:'.. Young was the victim of a
murder. ¦ •
The gaugerB, fifteen of whom were
working at the warehouse, had com
pleted their work and gone * away.
There were three storekeepers in the
building, but it is. reported all of them
got out safely.
The injured: Adam Werner, Edward
Werner, Elmer Hogan, . J. B. Marshall,
James M. Miller and Allie Feinberg.
The warehouse, containing in the
neighborhood of 20,000 barrels of whis
ky, was instantly a seething caldron,
and It was known that no one Inside
the big structure could live a moment..
The whisky from the bursting barrels
flooded everything in that section, and
in a short time there was a foot of
whisky in. the street. It was burning
furiously, and the cries of 3200 steers
chained fast in the stockyards -were
pitiable Co hear. Their distress lasted
but a few" moments, however, for they
were soon dead, either roasted, or suf
focated by the fumes.
Frederick Knoll and Wiliiam Fiuiey.
who had charge of the men employed
in this department, had Just left . the
building when the explosion and . col
lapse came. Knoll was crushed to the
earth, and almost instantly the place
where he had gone down was enveloped
in flames. . .
PEORIA, HI., June 4.— An explosion
which occurred in the eleven-story
warehouse of the Corning \ Distilling
Company this , afternoon completely
wrecked the building. The ruins took
fire and communicated to three adjoin
ing buildings and they were burned to
the ground. Ten men were buried be
neath the ruins and burned to death.
Six others were injured. The loss on
the buildings and whisky and spirits
stored will approximate $1,000,000. The
missing:
FREDERICK KNOLL. .
LOUIS BEHREND. .
JOE ZIMMERMAN.
JOHN HOBECKER.
LOUIS SAX. ' .
WILLIAM FINLET JR.
E. BROWN.
M. CROWL.
JOHN LEPPIN.
WILLIAM FIELD.
Flames Spread to an Adjoining Stock
yard and More Than Three Thou
sand Head of Cattle Perish'. "
Mrs. Ross alleges in her petition that
In March, 1501, she gave $2000 to her
eon, who was then employed by the
Cud&by Packing Company, to be de
posited with that company for safe
keeping. Instead of depositing the
money the young man lost it in play
ing poker at the rooms of the Jack
sonian Club. In addition to the full
amount of the principal, she asks that
the defendants be made to pay back to
her JSO interest.
Last November the club purchased
for young Ross a ticket to San Fran
cisco, to get him out of the way. Rela
tives, however, induced him to return
¦ nd fight for the recovery of the money.
Negotiations have been progressing for
eorr.e days looking to a settlement out
of court.
A number of leading Democrats with
whom Ross declares he gambled are
rarned as individual defendants. These
include National Committeema'n James
C Dahlman, Robert E. Lee Herdman,
former clerk of the Supreme Court;
James E. Eoyd, former Governor; Ed
par Howard, Walter Moise, Harry
Hayward, John Murphy and John
Cavers.
The officers of the club also are
named as codefendants, although there
is no charge that Ross gambled with
them. They are Assistant Attorney W.
H. Herdman, Ed P. Smith, John O'Con
nor, Fred H. Cosgrove. John Cook and
Robert Atchteon.
The petition sets forth that the club
maintained a regular gambling adjunct,
the proceeds of which, during the first
year, went into the coffers of the club,
and that later the privileges were
It ased to two profession!*! gamblers for
$*-'<»0 a month.
OMAHA. June 4.— Mrs. Eliza Ross
of Ohio has started a suit in the Fed
eral court against the Jacksonian Club,
the original Bryan Club and the lead
ing organization of Democrats in Ne
braska, for the recovery of $2000 al
leged to have been lost by her son,
Robert G. Ross, in pok«-r games at the
club during 1902 and 1903.
Special Dispatch to The Call
and Workmen Are
Burned to Death.
Fire Breaks Out in Ruins
Officers and Members of the Original
Biran Club in Omaha Are
Defendants.
Alleges Tnat Her Son Was
"Trimmed" by Nebraska
Democrats.
Warehouse of a Dis
tilling Gompany
Destroyed.
FILES SUIT
TO RECOVER
POKER LOSS
TEN LIVES
LOST IN AN
EXPLOSION
Woman Causes a
Stir Among Poli
ticians.
THIS THEATES3.
Alcazar — "Toll Gate Inn."
California — "The Cavalier."
Central — "A Celebrated Case."
Matinee To-Day.
Cnntea — Vaudeville .
Fischer's — "U. 8." Matinee To-
Day.
Grand — "A Captain of Havarre."
Matinee To-Day.
Onheum — "Vaudeville. Matinee
To-Day.
Tlvoli — "The Toy Maker. 1 -*
VOLUME XCVI— XO. 5.
THE WEATKEB.
Forecast made at Saa Fran
cisco for thirty bcurs enfiragr
tn.iCr.Utht, June 5:
Saa Francisco and vicinity—
Fair Sunday; cooler at ni*rM;
liffht north winds, changing to
brisk westerly* -
j A. G. KCADIB,
District Forecaster.
The San Francisco Call.GRASS VALLET, June 4. — Com
pany. I, National Guard, In this city,
may be mustered out. It passed the
annual inspection successfully, but
lack of Interest on the part of mem
bers and non-attendance at drills have
discouraged Captain Tyrrell to such
an extent that he states he will recom
mend that the company be mustered
out unless a decided improvement is
shown immediately.
men Notes Lack of Interest
Among the Sf en.
Commander of Grass Valley Guards-
COMPANY OF 3IILITIA .
; ..V \ MAY BE MUSTERED OUT
Duesseldorf newspapers " announce
the death of an armless painter named
Siepen, who became quite, noted for
his genre pictures. He painted with
his left foot. Many of his pictures are
In England. . - -^_
"'I should say not!" replied the
salesman, handling the piece of goods
caressingly. "Why. madame. look .at
it again. It's more than half high
grade cotton!" — Chicago Tribune.
"It seems an awfully high price to
ask for it." said the customer. "Is it
all wool?" •¦'._': •*
In the First District a bitter cam
paign has been carried on between J.' T.
Veitch of Eugene, the Democratic can
didate, and Hermann, "in which the
whole press of the State has taken sides
irrespective of district boundaries. • As
a result of this fight, while it is prac
tically conceded that Hermann will be
returned, it is probable that his major
ity will be under that of his prede
cessor, the late Representative Thomas
Tongue, whose majority two years ago
was T732.
At the last election Williams carried
the Second District by 7799 j majority.
There is practically no opposition to
his re-election. Under the new "initia
tive by petition" law, the local option
liquor law and a direct primary law
will be voted on.
PORTLAND, Or., June 4.— A full ex-|
ecutive, judicial and county ticket will
be elected in Oregon on Monday, be
sides two Representatives to Congress.
The incumbents, Binger Hermann of
Roseburg, Representative of the First
District, and J. N. Williamson of Prlne
vllle, of the Second District, are candi
dates for re-election on the Republican
ticket. Oregon Is normally Republican:
Executive, Judicial and
County Ticket to Be Elect
ed in Oregon To-Morrow
WARM CAMPAIGN
NEARS A CLOSE
GRASS VALLEY, June 4. — The
Rev. B. F. Cargay arrived from Kan
eas to-day to look for the grave of his
brother, who was killed in the Man
zanita hydraulic diggings in 1868. On
April S of that year three men were
killed by the caving of ground. The
grave of Cargay seems to be un
known, but the brother will make
every effort to locate It.
Kansas Clergyman Arrives at Grass
Valley lo Search for Forgotten
Burial Place.
SEEKS BROTHER'S GRAVE
IX A 3IIXIXG REGION
TOKIO, June 4. — The commander of
the Japanese forces south of the Talu
River telegraphed from Seoul to-day
news of a series of fights north of Pu
lantlen, about forty miles north of Port
Adams, Liaotung Peninsula, on Mon
day, received from Japanese cavalry
scouts in the vicinity of Changchia
tung. It was learned that Cossacks had
been located at Telissu, and the Japa
nese thereupon dispatched infantry and
cavalry, which defeated and pursued
them. The Russian force consisted of
three squadrons.
At Changchaitung this force was
joined by two additional squadrons,
and the Japanese again attacked and
defeated the Russians.
Five companies of infantry and a bat
tery of horse artillery joined the Rus
sians at Lungwangmiao, where the
Japanese attacked for the third , time.
of Cassacks.
Japanese Thrice Defeat a Detachment
SERIES OF ENGAGEMENTS.
Swift made a special study of the
Latin satirists and imitated their style
and language.
MAN MUST ANSWER;
WOMAN IS RELEASED
Slayer of a Mexican at Tehachapl
to Go Before the Superior
Court.
BAKERSFIELD, June 4. — Leon
Clarinero, the self-confessed murderer
of Santiago Aruju, a Mexican, at Te
hachapi, has been bound over to the
Superior Court by Justice Taylor of
Tehachapf. .Mrs. Aruju, who was
charged with being an accessory to
the crime, . was A released, the court
holding that .the evidence was Insuf
ficient to hold her.
JAPANESE ARE CLOSING IN.
Dispatch Boat Fawan Hears Heavy
Firing nt Port Arthur. . " •
CHICAGO, June 4.— The Daily News
correspondent at Chefu to-day sent the
following cable:
"Leaving this port on Wednesday,
the dispatch boft Fawan steamed to
within safe distance of Port Arthur,
but unfortunately ran Into a fog which
lasted all night. As it was impossible
to proceed, the dispatch boat ran in
among the Miaotao Islands, where it
anchored.
"On Thursday night Port Arthur was
on the 'alert. Searchlights projected
their broad shafts across the mouth of
the Inner harbor and scanned the wat
ers in every direction. Occasional shots
were- heard and it became manifest
that Japanese boats were making a
reconnoissance of some kind. If not
another attempt to close the harbor
entrance completely. .
"Heavy firing was heard at Port Ar
thur on Friday morning at 11 o'clock.
The Fawan ran out and lay off {he
fortress until the afternoon, but neither
saw nor heard any further signs I of
activity. At 9 o'clock in the evening
a heavy* explosion of mine was heard,
but owing to the blockade maintained
by the Japanese, the frequent fogs, the
floating mines and the torpedo, boats
of both belligerents; it was decided that
It would not be expedient to approach
the fortress , too closely. It is, there
fore, -impossible to give an accurate
account' of what is taking place. I The
Japanese, however, are undoubtedly
closing rapidly in on the fortress and
Its fall cannot be very far off."
VISALIA GIVES GREETING
TO MYSTIC SHRINERS
Members of the Order From Four
Cities Gather for Initiation
¦ ' - and Banquet.
VISALIA, June 4. — Two hundred
and twenty-five Mystic Shrlners from
Islam! Temple, San Francisco, Stock
ton, Fresno and' Hanford arrived in
Visalia on special train at 6 o'clock to
night. Thirty-seven candidates were
initiated. An elaborate banquet will
be given at 11 o'clock to-morrow
morning. The -guests will be shdwn
points of interest in Tulare County.
Heine seldom read anything:" but
poetry, but he read that with the most
scrupulous attention.
RUSSIANS ARE SKEPTICAL.
Doubt That Japan Has "Made" Over
\ turesjto. Peking Government.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 4.— The
Russian authorities have not been ad
vised by'Lessar, the Russian Minister
to China, of the proposition alleged to
have been made to China by Japan to
hand over the towns captured by. the
Japanese in Manchuria to the Chinese
civil administration, or even of the
refusal of the Peking Government to
assign the administration to a neutral
power. '
The Foreign Office cannot believe
that such a proposition was submitted,
pointing out that while the war is in
progress the fact that certain territory
i3 occupied by the Japanese does not
necessarily mean that It will remain in
their hands. As a belligerent, Russia
would, of course, refuse to recognize
an agreement, which might, hamper
her military operations, and she does
not believe that the powers would
consider even for a moment a proposi
tion of this character. At the con
clusion of the war, if Japan is victori
ous, it is considered that, as. she her
self is under the pledge not to under
take even temporarily the civil ad
ministration of Manchuria, she would
not, be free to "take 'this course.
If Japan has actually opened ne
gotiations with' China on* this subject
it will be regarded here as an attempt
to raise international complications in
the hope > of forcing the : powers fo
interfere .while "the balance of war is
on her side. **• ' ' *
BRIGANDS GROW BOLDER.
Those Threatening ' Newchwang , Re
: ceive'Nevv* Supply of Rifles. '
NEWCHWANG, June 4.— The bri
gands in ' this * vicinity are" becoming
bolder after receiving 1000 Mannllcher
rifles. Their renewed activity is caus
ing a discussion among the foreign res
idents of the necessity for gunboats as
a protection for thelr ; lives and prop
erty during ,the\ interval which must
elapse between- the departure .of the
Russians and the entrance of the Japa
nese troops into Newchwang.
Floating Mines Imperil Vessels.
TIENTSIN, June 4.— It is generally
believed that there are floating mines
In this locality. Local steamships have
been ordered to avoid the. mine zone
off the Shantung Promontory.
SAN FRANCISCANS INVEST
>i IN A SHASTA COUNTY MINE
John Fillius and Fred G. King Pur
chase a Third Interest in the
Famous Mammoth Property. .
REDDING, June 4.— The one-third in
terest in the famous Mammoth mine,
located near Kennett, Shasta County,
owned by Mrs. Desda Wallace of San
Francisco was sold yesterday to John
Pillius and 'Fred G. King, both of San
Francisco. ' The other, two-thirds inter
est in the mine is owned by R. M.
Saeltzer, Joseph Kahny and Tony Jae
gel of Redding. Fillius and King. have
a*, bond on the entire property and are
doing much development work. «•;..'
The '¦¦ Guggenheims of : New. York are
negotiating ! for the purchase '% of the
Mammoth, and John Hays Hammond
has Inspected ! the big copper mine'and
reported favorably . upon it. If they,suc
ceed in "obtaining ' the property, the
fourth big copper smelter." Will be in
stalled in Shasta County.
.A year of matrimony often gives poor
little Cupid a bad caee of painter's colic.
But 'even poor matrimony may not be
fts bad aa it is painted, '
SEOUL, Korea, June 4.— A skirmish
took place between twenty ; Cossacks
and an unknown force of Japanese
scouts at a point twelve miles north of
Gensan on the. morning of the 3d in
stant. The Cossacks evidently . were'
ambushed by the Japanese, who were
concealed In the brush on a hillside.
The Russians retreated toward Ham
heung, leaving six dead upon the field.
The Japanese casaulties are not stated.
Lcnve Six- Dead on the Field After a
: Brush With Japanese Scouts.
COSSACKS ARE AMBUSHED.
Nevertheless Kuropatkin does not
consider himself strong' enough to risk
the possibility of a defeat which
might be irretrievable and result in
disaster, or at least years of cam
paigning. His friends praise ¦ his
steady conservatism, caution and re
fusal to listen to the counsel of the
hotspurs.
J Kuropatkin's position' is becoming
.very formidable, both in number and
the character of the troops at his dis
posal. Large reinforcements of field
artillery, in which the Russian army
was especially weak, have ndw arrived.
The War Office's Information does
not indicate that the Japanese have
concentrated for an attack upon Kuro
patkin, and It Is said that they are
not yet ready to assume the offensive.
Nevertheless it is known that differ
ences of opinion exist at the Russian
headquarters as to the advisability of
taking the aggressive, and it is be
lieved that this matter was the. sub
ject of the conference between the
commander in chief and the Viceroy at
Mukden on Tuesday.
The general public at the Russian
capital is imbued with the belief that
important military developments " are
impending at Liaoyang and that a gen
eral engagement between General
Kuropatkln's and General Kuroki's
armies is imminent. Although the au
thorities are doing nothing to discour
age the' idea, the best Informed circles
at the War Office do not expect a de
cisive battlo immediately, ,' unless
brought on' more or less unexpectedly
by an accidental collision between
fetrong columns, as often occurs in war
fare. - •-
ST. PETP:RSBUIIG, June 4.— The
Wai- Office has received news of a
t-harp. ilsht - twenty miles ' north " of
Saimatsza, north of Feng\vangcheng,
on June l\ in .which six Cossacks were
killed and 'twenty- two wounded. The
Japanese losse^ are not known. Elve
companies of -General Rennenkampft's
Cossacks discovered Japanese detach
ments at Fenechoulingr Pass, half way
between Saimatsza and AJiudJan. The
Cossacks^ dismounted and attacked' on
foot, but owing" to the difficult nature
of the ground, the strong defensive po
sition held by the enemy and the lat
ter's stubborn 'resistance the attack
was i not pressed and the Cossacka
drew off.\ .
Ko particular importance is attached
at the War Office to the appearance of
this attachment of the enemy, it being
believed that General Kuroki is keep-
Ing his flank well protected in order to
rid himself of the spying eyes of the
Coesacks. .
The War Office has received no fresh
news : from Liaotung. Since the receipt
of General Stoesgel's report the general
staff is convinced that the Japanese
losses in the fighting about Kinchou
were greater than officially admitted.
It is known that only the very serious
ly wounded were included in that cate
gory. There are indications that both
of the commanders are pursuing this
plarf, as the wounds made by the small
caliber, high velocity bullets used in
modern warfare, unless they reach a
vital spot, heal quickly, and in a
few weeks most of the wounded men
are again ready for active service.
and the. Russian cavalry continued in
contact on; Monday night.
General Haraguchl, in command of
the Japanese rorces south of theYalu
River, ( telegraphs . from , Seoul that an
infantry - reconnaissance < dispatched
from Gensan struck, a patrol of Cos
sacks at Munchhyan yesterday and
killed five of them. -.
Rennenkampff's Troop Dis mount nnd Deliver an Onslaught,
but Find life Brown Men's Position Too Well De
fended and D:aw Off After a Stubborn Engagement
JAPANESE REPEL COSSACK
ATTACK NEAR SAIMATSZA
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY. JUNE 5, 1904.
22
ADVEBTISEMENTa.
The Itch Fiend
That Is Salt Rheum or Eczema — one ot
the outward manifestations of scrofula.
It comes In itching, burning, oozing;
dryijig and scaling patches, on the face,
head, hands, legs or body.
It cannot be cured by Outward appli-
cations — the blood must be rid of the
Impurity to which it is due.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Has cured the most persistent and diffi-
cult cases. Accept no substitute for
Hood's; no substitute acts like it. '
IPDASIFILMSI
I Ik DEVELOPED g
3 B» 15^ P cr < Joxe '^ S
Epift up to and including S
5 £* UL 4rX5 5
§ ROLL TllMSjarrf KODAKS S
2 Out In Price to £5
25 3VX3SPCZ.54^3SX4XJ«.63* 23
K tx5Dci8lV Buy/rovs. 5,
!« &UJVSET BAZAAR I
rs^.^2 THIRD ST. &an Franctsco- >CS
15,000 Vital Rings
r.*oni l<y men *ho ore more than delighted
viih nttrltt They onviuc» healthy circula-
•Ara, tu.-lnr: Cncunic W'ealtnes*. Umliis, Vari-
».»¦• >• etc.. rnlorcrr and tiuts organs In nor-
mal natural vnnditlon. $2.50 postpaid. J'hy.sl-
n*'ix lectrr.rofend ihrm. Vll. liVllH Al'JJ, HO
GtDuy %t.. tjan jt'itscisto.
SB. PIEBCE'S BEMEDIE3. .
When a woman gives up it la becanse
she has gone to the utmost limit of
Btreugth and endurance. It is a marvel
how women will 6tagger on under the
daily household burdens when the whole
body is racked with pain.
For the nervous,' run-down^ condition
which so many women experience, as a
result of* overstrain in household cares,
there is no medicine can equal Dr.
Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery. It
strengthens - the weak stomach by .cur-
ing diseases of the organs of digestion
and nutrition. It purifies the blood of
poisons which cause rheumatism ind .
other painful diseases. It nourishes the
nerves, and builds up the body with
sound, healthy flesh.
¦ There is no alcohol in "Golden Med-
ical Discovery." and it is entirely free
from, opium, cocaine and all other nar-
cotics. , ¦ , ., ;,' (
Accept, bo substitute for the "Discov-
ery." There is nothing " just as good "
for weakness, nervousness and debility. '
"I want the whole world to know 'what Dr.
Pierce's medicines have done for me." writes
Mrs. Helen Hardgrove, of Bangs, Rnox Co., O.,
"I had many of the ills of > woman's - life. My
tangs and throat troubled me besides, and I had
rheumatism. About a year ago I had to give
np work I was so bad. - I had heard so much
about your medicine I thought I would try it.
X took four bottles of your 'Golden Medical Dis-
covery ' and 'Pellets,' and by tbe time I had taken
half of the first bottle I began to gain, and kept
on gcttimr better. And now 1 have no more of,
my old ailments and am entirely cured of rheu- .
tnatism, I feel like a new woman." • , '
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser is sentyrw on. receipt of stamps
to pay expense of mailing only, f. Send
21 one -cent stamps for the • book in
Eaper covers, or xi stamps" for cloth
. inding. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buf-
falo, K.Y. «_ _-.¦•-• >¦•¦•;¦•:•-
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
C. There isn't any "have-to" about
eating "FQRCE" cold — though it's
mighty good that way.
C. Lots of my friends toast it in the
oven afev/ minutes and think it a great
improvement to eat it hot.
If your digestion troubles you, try cutting out the toughest
combinations — those you know an ostrich would have trouble
with — and eat "FORCE" way day; Just as if it cost as much
as the things your machinery can't take care ot
You wont be denying; yourscl£
ADVE&TXSEJttENTi.
I -"-¦¦ —
B. KATSCHINSKI I
"Shoe Co. I
10 THIRD STREET, SIN FRANCISCO ij
. . Adjoining Call SuUdlnar. [j
SWELL TAN OXFORDS 9
ARE ALL THE RAGE I
The popularity of Tan Shoes and Ij
Oxfords Is on the increase and Is |
more pronounced this season than |
for several years. They are In ||
big demand, and. really, what is N
more suitable for summer wear? ||
Attractive In appearance, easy and Hi
cool on the feet, they are certain- l|
ly ideal foot wear. WE HAVE ||
THEM. Ladles* Tan Viet Kid Ox- ||
ford Ties, with neat toes and tips. M "i
hand-turned soles and military f
heels, and AT THIS POPTTLA* ||
FXXCE, Sl.HO THIS FAZX. Sizes I
2*6 to 8. Widths B to E. U
FRENCH HEEL BLUCHERS I
This , season's style, extra neat Ij
and attractive and worn by the Ij
swell dressers. Ladies' Finest II
Vlcl Kid Blucher Oxfords, with Ij M
the latest plain toes, hand-turned If
soles and extra high French heels. Ij
OTJK PSXCE OITX.T $1.8O A f
PAIB. Sizes 2 »/i to 1M. Widths ||
B to E. H
WITH RUBBER HEELS
MATE0NS' COMPOSTS, built K
for ease and will not Jar the body ji
when walking, as they have rnb- ffl
ber heels. Made of vici kid and 9 y
the seams so arranged that they H/^
will not touch the bunions. Coin M'.
toes and tips and durable turned l|
soles. THE FBICE SESVCES TO ||
S1.7O. Sizes 2ft to 9. Widths Eg
r Tfln 1
10- I Uu
KID LACE OR BUTTON I
Very cheap in price considering: Ij
the- extra quality of material. Kj
Children's and Misses' Kid Lace ||
or Button Shoes, with coin toes |;
and patent tips, durable soles and i!j^
spring heels: tj*
Child's sizes. 6 to 8 7Oc a !
Child's sizes, 84 to 11...8.">C H
Misses' sizes, lift to 2.$l.OO N
S£2n> POB H.Z.USTSATEB tl
*"../ CATALOGUE. U
B. KATSCHINSKI
10 THIBD ST., Baa PrwcUco. it
DR. HALL'S RKINVIGOKATOil
•top* all losses and unnaturml du-
cbartes In 24 hours. You (••! »¦» j
improvement from tJ»« first doa«.
We have so much confidence In our
treatment that we offer Five Hun- ¦
dred reward (or any case we can- :
not cur*. This secret remedy cure*
lost Bower. nUhtly emissions, wasted owns,
varlcccele, elect, strictures, kidneys, falling
memory, drains in the. urine, gonorrhoea, dis-
ease of the. prostate glands and all other terri-
ble effects of self-*buse or excesses, which lead
on to correumiitlon and death. Posttlrely cures •
the worst cases In old or young of that mortt-^
lying condition, quickness of the discharge. an^JB
wanting to do. and you can't. Sent sealed. Jap
per bottle, three bottles. $3. Guaranteed to .
cur*» tiny c&bq
Call or address orders HALL'S MEDICAti
INSTITUTE. 853 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.;
; Also for sale at 1073ft Market St.. S. T. Seni;
f ot free book. * ¦ | j* *
' jgp||JiYery Woman (
i^C5^\w\Vtt«V U interested and rtould know
iWlcaivV JO\i\ about the wonderful
&ftl^\TOWn MARYIL Whirling Spray
If he run not (apply tbe Nt /GSa7 :^tJ'^i& .
HARVKL. aecept no C
other, but send stump for < 5«w I "*%K#V'
lllnstnited book- wmi»4. ItflTes YV / "*if
full p»rticnlsrs»nd directions In- Cv/ m
Talnsble to ladies M.*»VKI.C€>.» v\r>,:.;, HB Jg
41 rark R»w. Sew \ttu ~T*4idBP
152 New Montgomery. San Krancisco. Cal.
SVIHIam Hatteroth (Ladles' Dept.). 224 Sutter.
Union Drug Co.. 400 Sutter and 100 Stockton. ¦
Osgood Brothers... 7th and Broadway. Oakland ,
Baldwin Pharmacy »¦> E1U«*
nnTTOT7CC rOR BARBERS. BA-
RRllSHCiO kers - bootblacks, bath.
JJllUullL(»-» houses. bUllard tables,;
brewers, bookbinders, eandy makers, canners. .
dyers, flour mills, foundries. lau » d , r1 "- f*^
hangers, printers painters, shoe J**™*^. -
stablemen, tar- roofers, tanners, tailor*, etc -«.
BTJCKAHAK BX0S, * rr -
Bnub mmal acturars. >09 Sscr«m«mto BX
a. ¦nyTr-RTTR-RTMT»7irT& ' •
Ban Francisco. Sunday 5 June, 1001.
wULLlLJJL o JL dUtoiry
Another exceptional carpet value from the
1 handsomest as well as the largest carpet floor in
San Francisco.
The genuine "Smith's F. Quality" Tapestry
Brussels Carpets from the famous mills of Alexander
Smith & Sous— 59 cents the yard, sewed, lined and
laid on your floor.,.
Since first announcing this surprising quotation
several days ago, many people have said that in
spite of our quotation in the newspapers, they did
not believe we would actually SELL such a well-
known carpet at such a ridiculously low figure.
To these and others we will simply say, "Come
and see."
. We repeat — we will positively. SELL any quan-
tity of this carpet to any one (excepting dealers)
at 59 cents the yard, sewed, lined and laid on your
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
261 to 281 Geary St., at Union Square
i : ,"*7'T '.-::;¦ ,^T- '
5O lb.
igJI^L to ever^ lady aw*
We're giving a >0 Ib. sack of flour to every lady
who brings us a man for a suit, of clothes. It's
delivered to your door, too. Select any brand on
the market. We're doing this ¦ to get acquainted
vvith you. We want to; introduce our Clothing
Department and show you that .it .pays to buy your
clothes nt Kearny and Sacramento streets. There's'
more value for less money inour clothes and we
keep them in repair for a year without extra
charge. Our clothes hold a durable combination
of real comfort and graceful tajloring.
Specials this week
that will interest you
MEN'S SUITS— A genuine all wool Irish home-
spun suit in the new Wood brown <nj5 A^
shade offered to you this week at h>O.*+O
and a sack of flour free
CHILDREN'S WASH SUITS — White pique
sailor suits, ages 3 to 10 years, our 75c oQp
suits, this week at . . Ov7o
All our 81.00 wash suits for this week . ctr p
. *. ............
BOYS' BIB OVERALLS, heavy brown <-)CZ n
denim
.MEXICAN SOMBREROS, hand made;- ncz n
for men, women and children ... .
BUSTER BROWN BOWS — Pure i Qn
silk ..... iy C
CORDUROY KNEE PANTS— Sizes 3 QCr>
to 14 OOU
Those famous Reliance Mills black mirv
Thibet suits for men, here at ... . . vplvJ
;7:'THAT GREAT BIG STORE
CORNER KEARNY AND SACRAMENTO STREETSWASHINGTON, June 4.— "William A. An«
wln of California has been appointed An aa
¦litant surgeon In the nary. -
"Caesar" Young was well known a3
an owner of race horses, a plunger and
a bookmaker and was one of the most
familiar figures on the California, turf.
He at times followed the coast circuit,
although he was entitled to make
books at the metropolitan tracks in the
East. As a layer of odds Young was
known as one of the nerviest' men In
the business and In his turf operations
accumulated a fortune estimated at
more than a half million dollars. He
Is credited with having cleaned up $50,-
O00 when his horse Eonic won the
Burns handicap in 1903.
Princess Tltanla; and tne sprinter E.
M. Brattain ran; in his colors and this
season he had a string at the New
York tracks, including Cunard and
Watercure.
' Young had the reputation of being
a goodfellow about town- and a free
spender of his easily acquired coin.
One day his booking t»ox at Oak
land was deserted ana tne disappear
ance of the penciler was for a" time a
mystery to hi? associates and family.
It was .rumored that ne had eloped
with "Nan" Patterson ana later when
he appeared >' Los Ange'.es the woman
was th re, too. Mrs. Young followed
the ¦ juple and succeeded in persuading
Young to go East with Her. "Nan"
Patterson continued to follow him." -
"Nan", atterson, known" on the stage
as '/Nan" Randolph," lived here for two
years, having come here first as a
member of the original "Florodora"
sextet. Her beauty created - a furor
among the men folk. It Is said that her
father was at one time assistant super
vising architect for the, Government at
Washington. While in her teens "Nan"
married a man named Martin, who
was connected with the Pennsylvania
Railroad at Washington. They were
divorced and she came West with the
"Florodora" ' company.
v The beginning of her affair with
Young is not a matter of public knowl
edge and did not develop Its seriousness
until the time of. the flight to Los An-,
geles in January. ¦.-, ,
Young Is Credited With a Half-Million
Won in Turf Ventures. .
KNOWN AS A "PLUNGER."
Want Mayor to Deliver Oration.
Mayor Schmitz yesterday received a
telegram from Maybr George H. Wil
liams of Portland. Or., inviting him to
deliver the oration on July 4. The
invitation was by request of the Fed
erated Trades and fraternal orders of
Portland. The Mayor has not signified
his acceptance of the invitation.
The Supreme Court decided yester
day that William A. Trafton was
properly elected Mayor of WatsonvJlla
at the municipal election held last
year. Richard P. Qulnn, a rival can
didate, who was declared elected by
the City Trustees and by the Superior
Court, has been occupying the Mayor's
office while Trafton contested. The
Supreme Court holds that certain bal
lots counted by the Superior Court la
favor of Quinn should have been re
jected.
Wins Fight for Mayoralty.
UARAillE, Vl'yo.. Jurw? 4. — The tr?al of
TVUJlain Lk Keyes. Harry Kryen, Wesley
Johcsoc end Frar.k Carroll, charged with
killing- 300 rhrcp and tMTBlBg the ehe»>p
wag-or» of Maxwell and Stevens «t Tie
fH&ing on the nlrfct cf Ajrll 25 last, has
ndn! in a verdict of net cullty.
BOOKMAKER AND BREEDER.
Young a Pan Owner 'of Rancho del
Rio Near Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO. June 4.— In partner
ship with B. W r . Cavanaugh, "Caesar"
Young owned the old Winters ' place
known as the Itancho del Rio, located
down the river, about five miles below
Sacramento. A number of blooded
horses owned in copartnership by Cav
anaugh and Young, and several owned
exclusively by Young, are now stabled
on the ranch. These include St. Avon
lcus. • by St. Simon, brought to this
coast by Charles L. Fair at a cost of
$15,000; Good Hope, Mamie G, Ella
Smith, Eonic' and a number of brood
mares. Young was in Sacramento a
month ago and told Cavanaugh he
would return in September. He was a
familiar figure on the streets of Sacra
mento, and had many friends here.
These aijpear unanimous in the belief
that he was 'murdered.
Cavanaugh said to-night he was con-
LOS ANGELES ESCAPADES.
Amazing Influence Wielded Over
Young by Nan Patterson.
LOS ANGELES, June 4.— In^Los An
geles Caesar Young met the woman 1
who ls» suspected of being responsible
for his death. Both are well known
here, and the sporting fraternity has
abundant reason to remember the wom
an's escapades. She appeared here
about a year ago and gave it out that
she had been one of the members of the
original "Florodora" chorus, but had
tired of the stage. She was accompa
nied by a man whose name has been
forgotten, for she dropped him as soon
The portrait of the Chinese Empress
was transferred from the liner Siberia
yesterday to the freight car in which It
will be carried to St. Louis. The door
way of the car was Just large enough
to admit the huge package, and it was
with great difficulty that the bulky
work of art was placed Inside. The
transfer was made under the personal
direction of Captain T. D. E. Wilson,
and fearful and wonderful was the net
work of tackle used in the operation.
The picture package weighs five tons,
and of equal weight and similarly awk
ward proportion is the pedestal upon
which the picture will stand. Picture
and pedestal occupy nearly half the
space in the car.
Picture Placed on Car.
Young was known to carry a $10,000
Hfe Insurance policy and to have con
siderable prpperty In New York. The
woman referred to in the New York
dispatches as Nan Randolph was often
seen in Young's company at the race
track and on the streets here, and it is
declared that it was to free himself of
her Influence that he went Bast.
Young was regarded here as a great
athlete, and' it was commonly stated
that he had once won a championship
trophy as a foot racer. The ranch
which he owned in partnership with
Cavanaugh was formerly the property
of Burns & Waterhouse, and is very
valuable.
fident that Young did not die by his
own hand.
"I never knew a man more familiar
with the racing business in every de
tail," added Cavant_gh. "He could
train a horse as well as he could make
a book. He was liked by all his men,
and was always generous in his treat
ment of them."
MERCED. June 4. — J. S. Swan,
Sheriff of thia county, sustained a
Berioua wound to-day by the discharge
of his revolver in his own home. Be
.^ore sitting: down to dinner he put the
P. x-olver and his coat on a chair.
When he took up the coat the weapon
fell to the floor and was discharged.
The bullet Etruck him in the left leg
half way between the ankle and knee.
The large bone was fractured for sev
eral inches, a number of pieces of bone
having to be removed. The small
bone was also fractured.
Sheriff of SIcroed County Accident
ally Shot Jnst After Completing
Ills Dinner.
DROPS IIIS REVOLVER
AND IS BADLY WOUNDED
Fully 500 people from different
cities have already arrived to attend
the festival, which Trill last until next
Tuesday evening. Among these are
¦representatives of the turn vereins of
San Francisco, Oakland, San Jose,
Stockton and Marysville.
SACRAMENTO. June 4. — Thcdele
g-ates to the biennial reunion of the
Pacific Turn Bezirk arrived in this city
this evening and were g^ven a hearty
welcome. They were met at the depot
by the local societies of Turners. A
procession was led by Captain Frank
Ruhstaller, president of the Sacra
mento Turn Verein, as grand marshal.
The line was heartily cheered by the
thousands of people who crowded the
streets and sidewalks ¦ to witness the
spectacle. The local companies of the
militia and Troop B, Cavalry, were in
line.
Festival and Thousands Cheer
the Marchers.
Procession at Night Inaugurates the
TURN* VEREIX DELEGATES
GATHER IN SACRAMENTO
MILLIX RUSHES AT WOMAN.
Shortly after Millin made this state
ment Mrs. Patterson was brought in
to be taken to the Coroner's office.
Millln was leaning against the rail
when he gaw her. He started at her
with a rush. She shrank back against
a detective. Millin again rushed at her.
but two or three detectives grabbed
him and held him until the woman
was ought of sight. Millin shouted
at her as she left the station-house.
The woman was taken to Coroner
Brown's private office and closeled
with him. . While there Millin ap
peared. He tried to break into the
room and get at the woman again,
but was prevented. He called the
woman names and shouted he would
kill her if he had a weapon.
Young was an Englishman by birth.
He was brought to this country in 1S90
by the old Manhattan Club as a repre
sentative amateur athlete of England.
Young several years ago purchased
race horses, 'one of them being Eonic,
which won the Burns handicap, one
of the big stake faces in California.
Mrs. Young, then a bride, trained the
horse and nearly $50,000 was won by
the couple on the race. Young brought
a string of horses East with him when
he came here about a month ago.
The most noted of them are Cunard
and Watercure.
The dead man was known on the
race tracks as Caesar Young, but his
correct name was Frank Thomas
Young.
Not until she had reached the home
of her sister did Mrs. Young know she
had been widowed. Her grief was piti
able. •
It was announced to-night that Mrs.
Young's condition is critical and that
only the greatest care can possibly save
her life. Her cry is for her husband
to return to her. This is varied occa
sionally by hysterical denunciation of
the Patterson woman.
The scene in the Coroner's office
when John Millin denounced "Nan"
Patterson as a murderess was highly
sensational. Millin said Young never
carried a revolver and that he did not
belief the death was due to a self
inflicted wound. He said that Young,
who came here from England ten or
fifteen years affo a poor man, was^
worth more than a half million dol
lars.
The news of the husband's death had
been told the -wife as gently as possi
ble. She had waited anxiously at the
pier and seemed to have a premonition
of trouble. She told her friends she
hoped the ' Patterson woman had not
again been able to reaoh Young.
Finally the Germanic sailed., Mrs.
Young was hysterical. Her sisters,
though deeply shocked upon being pri
vately told of Young's death, kept the
news from Mrs. Young, telling her th,at
her husband was detained as the result
of legal troubles. •
entering the cab. He argued that this
card was proof that Young contem
plated eulclde and the murder of Mrs.
Patterson, and the card was a mere
Identification of the pair.
WIDOW'S PITIABLE GRIEF.
When Youns went north the woman
went als.o, and he established her in
San Francisco, while he went to his
home In Emeryville. During the recent
race meeting at Ascot Park the woman
appeared here In advance of Young,
and soon after he came here he dropped
out of sight. The woman also disap
peared, and It was reported that he
had left for the Cast with her. He
subsequently reappeared, as did Miss
"Randolph." for throughout the time
that she has known him she has kept
as closely to him as possible. Their re
lations here were notorious and Young
was warned repeatedly by friends to
be careful, but* he resented all such ad
vice, replying that he was old enough
to look out f(?r himself, and it was no
body's business what he did. The
couple participated In numerous wild
larks, but It was invariably noticed
that the woman kept her head and was
able at all times to seemingly dominate
Young. Fearing his displeasure, his
friends refrained from offering him
advice, and Miss "Randolph" did about
as she pleased with him. To those In
Los Angeles who knew of their es
capades here the news of the tragedy in
New' York did not come as a surprise.
John Millin knows more about their
relations than any other living person,
because he was the one man who stood
boldly out against the woman and tried
to induce Young to sever his relations
with her.
as she saw richer financial pickings
among'! the horsemen then here at the
race meeting at Agricultural Park. She
was known here as Nan Randolph, but
names did not worry her, and to vari
ous admirers she gave various names.
John Mlllln and Caesar Young were
making books at the Agricultural Park
meeting, and Mlllin met the woman and
is said to have Immediately displaced
In her "affections" the man who had
brought her to this city. She soon
learned that Young was the moneyed
man of -the Millin-Young combination,
and she grew frigid toward Millln and
sought an Introduction to Young. That
having been accomplished, she was
with Young whenever an opportunity
offered. She • appeared to wield an
amaz&g influence over Young. He paid
for her apartments and all her other
expenses, and showered expensive gifts
upon her. The pace they set was a fast
one, and Young soon began to neglect
his business for the woman. He drank
to excess, and with certain hackmen he
left standing orders that when he had
to be cared for he was to be taken to
the woman's apartments.
Those of the sporting set in Los An
geles who knew both Young and the
woman blame.her for Young's down
fall and declared that she had been
heard to say, "Young is so easy it's a
shame to take the money." but she
continued to take it. and nobody will
ever know how much Young lavished
upon her. . «.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 5, 1904.
23
"CAESAR" YOUNG IS SLAIN
WHILE RIDING TO THE PIER
TO BOARD ATLANTIC LINER
Continued From Pace 21, Column 5.
Is there anything better than
trade between friends?
Schilling's Best makes
friends and trade.
Your grocer's ; moneyback.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' ¦ ¦
- r:r -' ~ ' Eight-fifty is certainly a very low price to pay for a suit. You
'ipi-^^^^fe^ don't care if the price is low, if the suit is good for your purpose.
Say you want this suit for every day wear in an office, on the
' street, behind the counter, or whereveV your occupation demands.
W^ ¦ XH^ : jf* ' Possibly you wish to economize. You want a stylishly cut suit of a
j3p0-; : H :^XS00SA desirable pattern, in all wool fabric that will hold its shape.
& "". ¦•" : - fp §1|IK^ If you want such a suit — if your price is under $10, this suit at
$8.50 is just what you require. .->
"^^^^^^M^B . The making has been done by us— that's why the price is $8.50
zM-W&m ?§MS-- ; i instead or ,MZ)U.
$-fSil iiifiSf The style is correct; the fabric all wool; the workmanship hand
WlSr iKpS tailored; the patterns light for summer wear.
HI fli lllpB But the qualities of these suits can't be set up in type. You will
®I!if fliPi If after purchase you would rather have your money than the
fm$M suit, we will exchange and do it willingly. ¦ 7
||||&^V Orders filled by mail. In ordering give chest, waist and length measurements.
;. ' 740 Market Street
ADVEBTisprwrrrTTa. '
BORAXOLOGY
Be kind to your skin. It's the only
one youTl ever have here. The skin needs
proper cleansing* You cannot cleanse the
skin of the face or body in hard, city water*
If you want clear, white skin, put a little
Borax in the basin and bath water* Borax
makes the water soft, that's the reason*
Look out for adulterations! Ask for
20-MULE-TEAM BRAND Borax*
It's pure* Sold by druggists and grocers
in l A f Vi and i-lb. packages*
The famocs "AMERICAN GIRL" PICTURES FREE to ptaefcuea of
20-Mafc-Team Borax. At stores or scat for LB. BOX TOP and 4c ia stamps.
Padllc Coast Borax Co* New York, Chicago, SaaFranefeco.
eVMBlt-Teaie— Our Tr*?e Mark.
SEE PAGES
42 to 47/
ft BUSINESS CHANCES. MONEY TO LOAN. ROOMS
A TO LET FURNISHED AND UNFURNISHED.
HOUSEKEEPING APARTMENTS TO LET. SITUA-
J\ I TIONS WANTED, HELP WANTED. AND A THOU-
fk^ SAND OTHER WANTS FULLY DISCUSSED—
p ' PAGES 41 TO 47 INCLUSIVE, TO-DAY'S CALL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. .. '.':.' ADVERTISEMENTS. ..'.'V'^rj .,__'.!
HOW TWO BEAUTIFUL WOMEN ESCAPED
DREAD CATARRH BY USE OF PE-RU-WA,
Catarrh Robs Women of Health and Beauty. Pe-ru-n'a
Makes Women Healthy and Beautiful.
U\K?||5~^ „¦'¦ ~ - HHI ~" '-' - .n~.w - - , »'~vT^ "~ ""*~^S^k Mlss Ellen Crawley, 241 8. Madison Avenua, La ] \
;ate-S'-- ' .\\ j\ Grange, 111., writes: ¦ (
(^gV,.. » .#S|#^^ : ; " For y ears X have been a "fferer catarrh ;
• Tff 17 vfj^B^^f^Y^^lml^^l l\# of the throat and larynx. I got hoarse on the
5$i? v\W*& ¦¦' 4^^^SSBSS^^M^^^^^^M^ ' sl fehtest provocation and my voice became weak
. K^I^^^^^^^^Ei^^iiwpj ' and tired very easily. I could not talk for any '
! ! length of time, and it was very annoying. I was ;
M-*^^m^^S^^S^ $ ISPm " very, much discouraged, as j nothing seemed :o
'"'^^^^^^^^^w^^l 9^ i •"* }< '||j ' help me until a * riend persuaded me to give Pe- |
1 - ' - $ill«Pi^'' Cr X n " rana a I" 3 !- I did not have much confidence in -
\i&"' '$*wjjlm$ & V '// ' it, as everything else had failed me, but I tried it
' || f ( ' $T^*£\ JS£^'^Mf^'*'^' << ''' ' // Just to please my friend. My delight, therefore, !!
I >' •// '' may e * ma P ne d when I began to improve at ;
t -.'?">', } ' , ¦¦- f] " once, and I have kept on improving until my !
Ifc., . t ; " voice is strong, and I am never hoarse now.
WY$%^i^wf *J3B^X 4 J^'**'«T ' Peruna hi3 done a great deal for me."— Miss":
Dr. Hartman has probably done more '^L/V^' ' """^ "^ .^^r
than any other physician toward popu-
larizing: a means of escape from the
facial deformities, such as watery eyes, na ran never be known. ventlve and not wait until catarrh has
twisted nose, offensive breath, dry Many a girl, has regained her faded fastened Itself In some part of the sy»-
cracked lips, due to the ravaging effects beauty; many a matron has lengthened tem.
of catarrh, s .. the days of her comely appearance by Peruna acts quickly and beneficially on
He has made chronic catarrh a life- "sins Peruna. the Inflamed mucou» membranes lining
long study. His remedy, popularly Peruna produces clean mucous mem- the different organs of the body. Thus
known as Peruna. is the most famous branes. the basis of facial symmetry it will cure catarrh wherever located,
remedy for catarrh in existence. and a perfect complexion. If you do not receive prompt and satls-
Probably there Is not a man or woman. The women have not been slow to dis- factory results from the use of Peruna.
boy or girl, within the bounds of the cover that a course of Peruna will do write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a
United States that has not heard of Pe- more toward restoring youthful beauty full statement of your case, and he will
runa. By far the largest majority have than all the devices known to science. be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
used Peruna. . . » While It is true that Peruna cures ca- vice gratis.
The multitude of people that have been tarrh wherever located, yet it is advisa- Address Dr. Hartman, President of The
cured of chronic catarrh by using Peru- ble for every one to use Peruna as a pre- Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. O.
\\ BLATZ method is generally commented 11
-B n as most remarkable and unique, for |J
the reason that in most every par- j|
{fM!?p ticular it is original from a brewer's H
Aj^re point of view. 1|
y Xh* The very choicest of every com- 0
vV V^ ponent part of the Blatz brews is t|
\A >#(. tne invariable rule. Only the best Rj
A Yvl of Mother Earth's crop is ever con- rj
sidered. The result is a beer of II
>Sj? honest quality with a goodness all B
\ V^^x '* s own * [I
I V£-<^ Always the Same Good Old "Blatz." l\
k^^b^^ BLATZ MALT- VI VINE- (Noo-Iatoxlcaat) I
*!*%S2Z^^i^^^0^ XKA3&T TO9TXO *-*i
1^''l| For Convalescents and Run-Down Systems. £l
tt VAL. BLATZ BREWING CO., Milwaukee 9
£b» SAM BIBO <§> CO., §
WX0X.ZSAXJ3 BXLA&SBS, 212 BATTSBT 8TZZXT, H
Ban Praacljco. Tel. MsJa 5SJ*. ¦'¦Attorney to Enforce the Law.
WILL PREVENT BULL FIGHT.
Governor Dockery Orders Prosecuting
Rudolph Earth, watchmaker and J«rw«l«r. 1M
Batter st. «ttp«taJrs>. Watch and Jewelry repair
ing a ipeclaltr. Careful attention paid to r*
pairlBf Franch clocks. Phona Red \Tt\, *
CHICAGO, June 4.— Receivership pro
ceedings figure in the separata main
tenance suit of Nellie C Barnett
agrainst Robert M. Barnatt, begun in
the Circuit Court. Mrs. Barnett says
her husband deserted her two years
ago and has planned to deprive her of
her rights In his $23,000 estate. She
has asked Judge Tuthill to name a re
ceiver for Barnett's property.
The woman asserts she does not
know where her husband Is, except
that he recently visited several- citijA
In Ohio, Indiana and West Virginia.
Her of Her Share of the
Property.
Alleges That He Is Tryinjr to Deprive
WIFE WANTS RECEIVER
FOR HUSBAND'S ESTATE
Department Officials nt Washington
Announce That He Will Get $100
: v ;a"Year More for His Services.
WASHINGTON, June 4.— The First
Assistant Postmaster General announ
ces in the annual readjustment of sala-
POSTMASTER AT OAKLAND
TO RECEIVE MORE SAIiARY
Terms of Court Commissioners Expire.
HONOLULU, June '4.— The commis
sions of the Supreme Justices of Ha
waii have expired and their, successors
have not been appointed.- Judges Frear
and Perry are candidates . -'. for reap^
pointment. The third member of the
court, Judge Clinton A. Galbrelth, sail
ed on the United States transport Lo
gan to-day for San Francisco, en route
WASHINGTON, June 4.— Although
not -officially announced, it is under
stood that the order of merit of the
battleships in the recent record target
practice, so far, completed, is as fol
lows:. Oregon first and probably win
ner of the penant; Wisconsin second
and Iowa third.*- The battleship Illinois*
is now engaged in target practice in
Martha's Vineyard.
It Is Unofficially Announced That She
Made the Best Record in the
Recent Target Practice. .
BATTLESHIP OREGON SAID
TO HAVE WON THE PENANT
From Los Angeles— C. I* . Bagley and
wife, at the Spaldlng; Mrs. A. Burg
wild, at the Union Square; W. Fricks,
at the Victoria., and A. H. Heber, at
the Holland.
From San Francisco — R. C. Harford,
at the Imperial; J. C. Jones and wife,
at the Bartholdi; C. H. Laepge and
wife, at the Union Square; E. Boland,
at the Vendome; Mrs. K. B. Davis and
Mrs. A. P. Hotallng, at the Imperial;
C. C. Cox, at the Continental; Miss J.
Holden, at the Park Avenue; F. T.
Knewlng, at the Victoria; J. P. Massie,
at the Gregorian; Mrs. O. H? Pellage;
at the Murray Hill; A. B. Swlnnerton,
at the Netherlands; H. C. Thaxton, at
the Astor. '
From San Jose — A. D. Sawyer, at the
Astor. .
NEW YORK, June 4.— The , following
Califof nians are in New York:
Cnlifornians in New York.
HONOLULU, June 4. — The United
States transports Buford and Logan
arrived here to-day ..om Manila.
The flagship New York, the cruiser
Marblehead, the gunboats Bennington
and Concord and the collier Nero of
the Pacific squadron, under command
of Rear Admiral Glass, sailed to-day
on a cruise .to the Aleutian Islands.
The cruiser Albany will sail Tuesday'
for the Bremerton, Wash., navy yard.
The auxiliary cruiser Buffalo, which
convoyed the torpedo-boat flotilla to
the Philippines, sailed from here for
Panama to-day, f
Auxiliary Crnlser Buffalo Which Con
'voyed the Torpedo-Boat Flotilla
to Philippines Sails for Panama.
ARRIVE AT HONOLULU
Greatest Features of Yosemlte.
Everything worth tweina; Is taken In by tbe
Southern Pacific route. The traveler reaches
the largest and finest of the Bl«r Trees, enters
the valley at Inspiration Point and can leave
via Glacier Point. A full awing, taking; In
every great and impressive feature. You reach
•verythlng the most direct way with the least
trouble and expense.
Big Tree and Yosemlte books and folders at
613 Market street, San Francisco. Drop In and
ask about "the Raymond-Wawona route."
Full information cheerfully given. •
STATE AND PROVINCIAL
HEALTH BOARD IX SESSION"
Application of San Francisco for the
Meeting Next Year Is Filed and
Is Likely to Be Accepted.
WASHINGTON, June 4.— The annual
meeting of the State and Provincial
Board of Health elected John S. Fulton
of Baltimore president and M. K. Fos
ter of San Francisco vice president. The
application of San . Francisco for the
meeting next year was filed and-prob
ably will be accepted by the executive
committee. •
WOULD REKEW MORTGAGE— The West
minster PreKbyterJan. Society of San Fran
cisco yesterday petitioned the Superior Court
for leave to renew the morteaKe on its prop
erty at the corner of Page and Webster street*,
occupied by the San Francisco Theological
Seminary, There Is $5500 due on the original
mortgage. .
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, June 4.— C. L. Bag
ley and wife of Los Angeles are regis
tered at the Hotel Barton.
Why not have a home in the suburbs.
Amid lovely flowers of alt colors ana
In sight of the beautiful ocean .with
steamer .-, •
And ship sailing over its waters so blue?
Thistleton, 272 Sadowa st.. Ocean View.*
> Order to naval officer — Ensign W. W.
Galbraith Is/sent for treatment to the
naval hospital at Mare Island.
WASHINGTON, June 4.— Postmasters
commissioned: California — C. A. Shel
don, Spanish Ranch; Harold M. Power,
Bullion, Placer County; G. W. Caldwell,
DolgevlHe. Los Angeles County; J. A.
Blgelow, Herman, Los Angeles County.
Oregon— Franklin 'C. Varney, Marx,
Tillamook County.
War Department orders — Electrician
Sergeant V. J. L. Jorgensen, artillery
corps, now in this city, is relieved from
duty at Fort Mason, California, and
upon the expiration of a delay of seven
days granted him from the office of the
military secretary, he will be sent to
Fort Hamilton, New York. Cook Pat
rick McGloin, Company D. Second In
fantry, Fort Logan, Colorado, is trans
ferred to Company B, Third Infantry,
as a private. He will be sent to the
Presidio to report to the commanding
officer. Private F. M. Woerner, Com
pany C, Tenth Infantry, Presidio (in
fantry cantonment), is transferred to
the signal corps. He will be sest to
Benicla .Barracks. Sergeant George A.
Fqgarty, hospital corps, now in this
city, Is relieved from further duty at
Fort Baker, California, and upon the
expiration of a delay of four days
granted him from the office. of the mili
tary secretary will be sent to Fort Jay,
New York. Private Alfred Carder,
Company E, Tenth Infantry, Presidio
(Infantry cantonment), is transferred
to the signal corps. He will be sent to
Benicla Barracks.
Several Changes Made in the . Postal
¦ . Service . and Orders Issued - to
-Naval and Army Officers. .
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
:*H J %>:-.OF THE PACIFIC COAST
ries of postmasters that the salary of
the Postmaster at Oakland is raised
from $3400 to $3500; at Salinas from
12100 to (2200; Santa Barbara from
$2700 to $2800; Pasadena $3000 to $3100,'
and San Rafel $2200 to $2<00. >;';. -'
The general postoffice at Los Angeles
will be located at the corner of. Seventh
street and. Grand avenue at a rent of
$10,000 a year, exclusive of heat, light
and janitor service. The postoffice will
vacate the Armory and Garland build-
Ing not later than December 31.
NEW YORK, June 4.— By the find
ing of his drowned body; it has de
veloped that Elmer S. Lewis of Cleve
land, Ohio, a sailor on. the battleship
Kentucky, lying at the New York navy
yard, who escaped from that vessel
May 26 and Jumped overboard, had
lost his life In the attempt to get
away.
Lewis had been imprisoned under
orders from Washington, which said
that he was wanted in Manila on a
civil charge, but of what offense he
was accused was not stated.
Sailor on the Battleship Kentucky
Jumps Overboard to Escape Im
prisonment and Is Drowned.
LOSES HIS LIFE WHILE ? '¦; -,<'¦;>V
TRYING TO GET AWAY
to his former home In Oklahoma Ter
ritory.
SHNDALZ SUES FOR DAMAGES.— Samuel
Sendalz, who claims that through the rareles*
ness of the motorman of a Bryant-street car
he w«« thrown from the car and badly In
jured, med the United Railroad* yesterday for
SM50 damages. The accident occurred Novem
ber IS. 1SKI3.
Latest London and New York styles in
bats. Tom Dillon & Co.. opp.Palace Hotel.*
Kahauiki Military Site Is Purchased
HONOLULU, June 4. — The purchase
by the United States Government of
the Kahauiki military site, near Hono
lulu, has been completed, the Federal
Government paying the lease holders
$13,000. The tract includes 1500 acres.
Forts, barracks and camps will be
erected upon it.
C P. Elliott was at one time one
of the leading and most successful
theatrical managers In the West, hav
ing been the owner and manager of
several of Chicago's vaudeville houses.
. Elliott, whose divorced wife is May
Hosmer, a well-known actress, ac
quired fame in the theatrical field
when, In 1889, he Introduced the first
popuiar theater prices. Elliott was
successful for a time, but suddenly he
retired from the business and was not
heard of again until he was called to
Duluth. Minn., to enter the employ of
L. Scott, a well-known theatrical
manager. V- 1 *
ST. PAUL, Minn., June 4. — Former
State Auditor Robert Dunn, now can
didate for the nomination for Gov
ernor on the Republican ticket, be
came involved in an umbrella duel
with C. B.. Cheney, a political writer
for a Minneapolis paper, on one of the
principal streets here to-day.
Dunn belabored Cheney on the head
with his umbrella and received like
treatment from his antagonist until
others interfered. The quarrel was
the result of a bitter campaign. No
blood was shed, but hats were badly
smashed.
Former State Auditor Dunn of Minne
sota and a Political Writer En
gage in a Lively Battle.
FIGHT ON THE STREET
WITH THEIR UMBRELLAS
NEW YORK. June 4. — After five
days of silence out of fear of the kid
napers, Mrs. Felipo Basso, an Italian
woman living in First avenue, near
One Hundred and Twenty-sixth street,
has reported to the police that her
daughter, a pretty child of 13 years,
was stolen last Sunday. It is said to
be the fifth case of the kind within
a fortnight. Two men snatched the
grirl from her playmates in the street,
threw her into a closed carriage and
drove away.
New York Woman Walts Five Days
Before Reporting Loss of Her
Child to the Police.
FEAR OF THE KIDNAPERS
KEEPS A 31 OTHER SILENT
C. P. Elliott, One of the Most Suc
cessful Managers in the AVcst, Kills
Himself at St. Cloud.
ST. CLOUD, Minn., June 4. — C. P.
Elliott, formerly a theatrical man
ager in Chicago, killed himself here
in the dressing-room of a theater.
Elliott's busines partner declares
that the reason for the suicide was
that Elliot £ had an unfortunate love
affair, over which he brooded until he
became despondent.
DESPONDENT TILEATRICAL
MAX COMMITS SUICIDE
After leaving the witness stand Mead
said that Armour & Co. has the exclu
sive ownership and management of re
frigerator cars on railroad lines
throughout the country, and that the
car lines committee of the National
League of Commission Merchants .wHl
petition the commission to make the
inquiry cover all lines, instead of the
two companies named as defendants.
Attorney A. R. Urion, who represents
the Armour company before the com
mission, explained that Wolcott was a
"very subordinate" employe of the
company, and that if he had made the
statement alleged It was not upon the
advice of superiors.
George F. Mead of Boston, vice pres
ident of the National League of Com
mission Merchants, testified that since
the contract was made by which the
Armour company has the exclusive
right to furnish refrigeration to cars on
the railroad lines the Michigan belt
fruit trade has decreased almost one
half in Boston.
CHICAGO. June 4.— That a repre
sentative of the Armour. Car Company
threatened to "make It hot" for com
mission merchants if they testified In
regard to the effect of an alleged mo
nopoly contract between the Armour
company and the. railroads in the Mich
igan fruit belt, was" a charge made in
testimony before the Interstate Com
merce Commission to-day.
J. C. Maynard, a commission mer
chant at Grand Rapids, Mich., testified
that F. E. Wolcott had said: "You fel
lows should have not come down here
to testify. We will see that you get the
hot end of the stick."
Attorney for Corporation
Says Employe Did Not Act
Upon Advice of Superiors
MATTER IS REPORTED
Representative, of Armour
Car Company Accused of
Trying to Coerce Witness
MAKES THREATS
TO A MERCHANT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, - SUNDAY, JUNE 5, 1904.
ST. LOUIS. June 4.— As a result of
protests filed with him by the Con
gregational State Association of Mis
souri and other religious bodies. Gov
ernor Dockery to-day ordered Prosecut
ing Attorney Johnson of St. Louis
County to enforce the law against the
projectors of the proposed Spanish bull
fight advertised for to-morrow near the
World's Fair grounds and to arrest all
violators of the law.
24
ADVEBTIBEMENTS.
Made Strong
Contracted
(f r^ii Ailments
DR. HOLSMAN
The Master Specialist.
More Than 17 Tears' Suocesi.
Consultation Free at Office
or by Mall. ,
I MAKE- NO MISLEADING STATE-
merits or deceptive propositions to the
afflicted, neither do I promise to cure them
IN A FEW DATS In order to secure their
patronage; but I guarantee a COMPLETE,
SAFE AND LASTING ¦•¦CTJIIE In the
QUICKEST POSSIBLE TIME without
leaving Injurious after effects In the eys-
tem, and at tbp lowest cost possible for
HONEST, • SKILLFUL and SUCCESSFUL
TREATMENT. I cure
NEBYOT7S DEBILITY
BLOOPPOISON
YAKICOCELE
STEICTUEE
RECTAL, KIDNEY Disease
and/ all reflex complications and
associate . diseases and affections.
If you cannot call, write for ques-
tion list and free took describing my
specialty. Correspondence confidential.
C. K. HOLSMAN, iVU D.
729 MARKET ST. (Top Floor).
Houn~9_ to r 8 daily; 9-, to 12 ,. Sundays.
Ti fiVe T<T>F^"\ AH T> A1\C1 "™ flr!t hIt wa " "Hiawatha" by JN£ H
Vft\ J\ftZ/X^^ pAUJ 1mct - ldlowcd hy "Peacrrul Henry.' * «««: '
If A %J \J,£.KjJr%a*S & imSXj p,,, t( j by K H- KeUy. who afterward wrote
"Southern Smiles." J. W. . Jenkins' Sons, tne
publishers cf "Southern Smiles," r " cen ' l '_£l"
T«0 LAST CKE IS "A WHISPERED to«d a =*«vVa« of f sooo for &£}&»£,
thoiout" A F\<triM* \tXC. titUm. made V the Detroit firm ?*" 1 *;^-''
TnOl/ijiaT, IK F-ANUINAI.iVb -HUivatlia." Although the sal? of ••Southern
Kv/V^LIY BY A FAMOUS Smiles" has bc-n enoraou. plnoe ««*
mVPKFR "on. the rale of "A T7htsi>ered Thought
COV"*.l>tK. prcportionitcly fpeaklnfc. has * c ' 1^
• fin* record.- As these three am^^%°.
lu thl« dsy of muslcmJ hit? It Is appropriate bt-cn conr.ectod in o business w a >- ¦* , mor . K
ThouKit," tx Charles L. Johnson. Although thiir friends u to WHlch on- w T l " "I 1 ' 1 ?* ' t he
bat rioentl,- puhlieh.d "A -Rhisr^rM Tbou E ht" score the srent^t success. Mr. *22g*££Z
/fv'^-~— ~'r*nr^^-rns^ j 1 •' ', J . . T n ', — m^gC I »' ' n — *". ' ' 1 i'J f '¦
fe?.--"- r^ r^ *=§=& '¦¦' * »''-*- Z^ 5^ -^^#
-^ > -f=r-*= 3^"~^~-'Z=r-*-T JlZ^——^
b!<iii fair to h«-om* a positive rwr«. U l» ; Ust to score a decided success but from ln-
dl«lnctl> orlfiinal. embracing all the .stentUl ! J.otlons It will be « s r f. r ~ t h °*5™uV. beln
rhar«ptrr-f<f« ict makln- It a .leeided favor- ! the ot:.«r«. "A Whispered Thought nan Deen
He It !. a ct^urfact-that K,n,as City I, j puWUb^d but %™£££^W&Sfi£m\
the ho-n^ of the three composers who hav* evrr>wheie; while Hlawatna was puuiiHnca
l?nttV^ the btB^« iw'rWn'Tal hits the last ! ov*r a y-ar befcre It became kno^n ouUlde of
lew yaer* • Kungas City.
/ \ Jr I I want to see tbe forrin citirs all alone tbe track,
f t ( 7 I I irant to jo tbrourb l'»ri» to Jerjtalrm and back,
I I \ Zr \ I'd like to »ee the hull of it— I think I'd jc«t ai sooa
f \f* I Take the submarine to Hades and the airship to the moon.
/ j ff I I I don't care how 1 get there, friend, but when I mike a strike
/ jSr, J . \ It's me fer old St. Louis jeit to lire alor.« the Pike.
I Jr j / \ — **A Baiiadoftbe Pike," by Wallace lrwin. Copyrighted by
J >A 0 I 1 Collier's Weekly. PubltsLed by permission.
W\i\ I Y To St. Louis and fletyrn
Vfla \ . I Mar", ll,i?, Jonei.i,ic,i6.i*,lt. July l,x.7,*,»?,*4*
1''^^ I I Acpist 8,^jo,i8,I9, September5,6,7,8, October}, 4,J,6.
1 <^"***^^P Return limit, ninety days.
j\ jl Take the Rock Island System and you go
/ \ ]\ " t^ lro ' vy i thout change. Scenic or Southern
j . ? \ Line, as preferred. Standard and tourist
~ I \ _^y sleeping cars; dining cars. Trains stop at
|Lg~i| gpps^LZy Main Entrance World's Fair.
tr 2 *^ v£*^J lr -- orrn2^ c " 1 on request. . -m „^ j^^^j39S§jatgBf
*•
'phe greatest shoe comfort in summer
consists in cool s weatless feet
J||||k No leather ever tanned is
/^ sweat-dispelling as " Valvic
vM /tygF&St^ Ventilating Calfskin," used
m- --: r ~wBL% oniy in R^ shoes -
K^H^'^ ' y^Xm^T lf our business were tan-
.K't?1|i| \ ning leather instead of mak-
\ JiP n^ e &^ Shoes we should
iSSSk e a^le to sell all we could
Vfe^ :..;^^^^ ed yalvic Calfskin
1 Vipl^ '- ''~-V%k at such a price that
There arc : : f'-^J^k y ou would never
other newest costin & vou less
custom styles t^ ian s * x dollars —
in Regal Ox- and ' m few
ds ' costing less than
But we tan Valvic Calfskin for Regal Shoes only— and
your Valvic Calfskin Regals cost you just $3.50, as always,
—just one more evidence of the economy of the Regal
"Tannery to Wearer" direct way of selling six-dollar
shoes at the wholesale price.
Send for Style Book-Mall Orders promptly filled.
There are 72 Regal Stores. 25 of them in Greater New York, where the styles
originate. The now stylos arc on sale at our San Francisco Store at the same
time as In the New York Stores.
Women's Regal Shoes cmbo dy all the latest custom designs of
leading bootmakers . of New York, London and Paris. 90 new
styles — one price.
SAN FRANCISCO MEN'S STORE. ..;.;. -...Cor. Geary & Stockton Sts.
WOMEN'S STORE : V. .~ . . .Cor. Geary & Stockton Sts.
__^_ AD VEBTISEMENTa,
|| PREVENT ALL SUIfUHER BOWEL TROUBLES j
fm Undigested food In the human body will ferment a hundred times as I J
ffiN quickly in summer as in winter. Consequence— stomach, liver, bowel3 R, J
HI poisoned, thrown out of order; sour stomach, gases, colic, diarrhcea, R9
dysentery, cholera, appendicitis, and in some regions yellow fever and |%]
ga the plague. Little children suffer terribly everywhere. The proper f j
; E2j tnin g is to send all impure and unnecessary matter out of the body K|j
|S§ ev er y day— not give it a chance to sour in the stomach and bowels. CSl
jtel You will stop hot, feverish conditions and keep your insides cool and r J
In healthy. To do it, use a medicine that is pleasant to the taste and not |l j
ia harsh and violent in its action. The only safe system-cleaner to take t 1
&i.j n snmmer, because it will not cause diarrhcea or griping, is Cascarets. |r 1
g| All druggists. 10c, 25c, SOc. Never sold in bulk. The genuine tablet f j
Kfl stampedC.C.C. Guaranteed to cure or your money back. Sample and ti
free. Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New York. C3S Jft
1 - APVEBTISEMENTS. *j ¦ -ULVJ . /irn
3nr f^r ~ MGi mBsXS ) SSZWvvsCEufiESS^DEjvB^jf vEy^T M*w&xvt >*£^^8b&mc*33Gik& Son \ / ( / f t i i \ I f \ W \ a2w ¦*
ERESfcoflr j& - . * JHRfyBf wMDl ¦WM / ¦ ' 1 1 f n\flj * it lit llfc£$^^ t f *ih B3C j4&\ J f / / 1 It I \\^\&\. v ¦cs^ 'Sfc. «£&
IrVn/ Mm JUR^w a BBM Mm^UrlBU /I ill WwS S fi/JI IWtmC* % Axa«>v.'K \P\\ v*>-^^ti V l n m - irBW ' jftttA^T^. n\T^ * I / 1 / / 1 ' \^A \ \W t-% ». JH*. \ i **X 'i
I Read this offer. If you are going to housekeeping within the next three months it is your greatest opportunity. This |
I week we are offering 20 per cent off on all dining-room furniture; and this offer includes Buffets and China Closets as' well ||
Has all the other more staple pieces of the dining-room. Do your choosing whMle these prices prevail. We will hold the goods for Jj
H you and deliver them at your order. , ." 'fi
I ___ — 1^. _^^ WOVEN WIRE FABRIC COUCH on re- C| OE 0 Q $1.35 solid oak |
i "^^^^fe^?.. movable legs— just the thing for camping v'«OJ ifej^^^g ] golden finished din- J
W JSL- «S P 'Q' ¦ strongly made frame and^l ylff IF^ /^*^ \ chairs and scores [j
m tftl heavy wire li{yl»'-t > <J tL 1 VJ^~ ==S „* j- m I]
I a $f J^na, 8 ond ? a k . g9 ,d en YOU CAN BORROW ON THE FUTURE £ Ht\ TZrJzil
H finished six-foot extension dining , ** — rcaucca uns wcck fi
|gs ./: k ?.-^:..:: h :!..$6.75 THIS WEEK. L Il». »«»»«• -J
CT ~""™ """ ™* "" """""""'"^"l If you intend furnish- . P~ ¦"" "~" mmmm """" "^"" """"""^ — h
ffij A reclining Canvas '* ¦'•'¦¦ .• * 0^. . m ' n K soon, ; you xan j^^> $15 solid oak, gold- [\
§ Chair, guaranteed to JSii# choose your goods now j^^^s * en nishe d Dresser Ij
I give absolute comfort /// W SrkS "SfctioS^nd ' ' xMilJlV^f T' h ser P entine fro «. 1
I and ease. The canvas f/j ffl gJS only a nominal de- Wffjfffl'M U?« tnm f nB p "2 1
B Back fits'- your ,form so £ /// M[ posit we will hold them W LW! 1 J'S'wh Sa?! t -rurf^i 1
l-gss' : I "^^^sL #w^%c 4^Sil w§m S
H $9.50 solid oak JU^^ ' /Jf *£~~^--=^--^!^^-^Z^ ? ?k rocker - with I
I Morris Chair with = * ! *# $9.50 Ice Box, Cff QQ TB^^^fe f^^^^^T wood Lat, P ° S addTe |
§ upholstered seat this week. .. V^'^v , •', cut and wide panel 1
H and back; this . reingerators y .511 I -~~gg^-^^g^ :;¦ back; this week. ||
i weck ' Visit our bi & sixth-Fioor # p:*;'*D^^ rfrto \ S4.50 ti
1 $5.25 Display of Summer Comfort liaSKaiigCS j^^^^^^| $x S solid golden J
I T :,.-.¦_;•.-¦; Furniture. Beautiful Ve- $25.00 QUICKMEAL Gas (, I^g|lpg||plg3^ '5 oak " rocker with Jfl
I $,«sb r .oKd:oak . randa Reed Chairs, Country \^^^^S^^" t^Ux^TstZ i
I Moms Chair with Home Rattan Rockers and week connected 'ttIO \ broad ar^s. h"h g
¦ elegant veiour , in your home. \Jlim 1 j ¦( back and heavilv H
¦ Vushionsithisweek Folding Camp Cots, Chairs J20 Ga8 .^ Y thrM B W We; thia wSk7
M '^"T Of and Stools. • - • ~ burners, large oven. Con- . <DO ETA H
II . y- A/,Ji) . . .. . nected In your home... $12 r,*i~j t\
M $20.00 solid oak Morris Chair , T\\C\''w^^"^ 4- 0 C\ * 3 ° chair * soIId Kolden oak « ?!
D with highly polished golden finish; ' M«L m \(\CV heavy panel back with Gordon [
J the easy chair of the <Mg cQ %%^6 Af J^\XAW\\\XW ISuVMO* jaws and claw feet; C|7cf| M
|| home; this week... * v.t/v <<TfIE CDEDrr HO USE, M 233, 235, 237 POST STBEET. this wcck iy ' ;ju fWedding in the "City of Roses."
SANTA ROSA, June 4. — Miss Maude
There were 6000 duels , In ,'- Germany
last vear, with » mortality of twenty
two, as shown by official reports.
Chicago ' Newspaper .Man Badly Hurt.
June .4.— Stanley Water
loo, widely 'known as a newspaper
best service to ; Yosemlte Valley. To
holders ¦ of round-trip • Eastern : tickets
over any line," and to their friends, ac
companying, they make a rate to Yosem
ite and. return Of J25 90.
':** A. trip through the giant sequoias, the
biggest trees in the world, . is Included
without extra charge. , -...¦.:-.•
Passengers are taken into the Valley
one way. and out another, over, the "Dou
ble Loop," without extra charge. ¦ .
.j The scenery on the Santa Fe is far be
yond" that on any other road to Yosem
lte. J ¦••¦¦¦•'¦•¦ .. ;••¦:.• ¦ '¦ ¦ : .' . .- ¦- -
Ask' for ¦ folder at Santa Fe office, 641
Market street. . •
¦ $25.00 There and Back.
The , Santa Fe has the lowest rate and
CHEAP RATES TO YOSEMITE.
If the Nation should call for arms and
men and suddeply find that the militia
has been emasculated to a: great extent
by a movement to utterly destroy it and
its efficiency the Nation would' be much
surprised. The News Letter, of .this
week has an editorial on the subject^and
it. makes ' Interesting reading, for every
body and especially for,thft officers 'and
men of the State organization. There la
a cartoon In the News Letter this week
entitled 'The Fable of the Guileless Asa
and the Parting of the Ways." This is
designed to excite the risibilities of tho
Democratic party and it probably
achieves its end. Get the News Letter,
at all news stands. " ¦• •
High Treason.
, HOT SPRINGS, Ark.. June 4.— The
superintendent of the Government
reservation here gives out an interview
to -the effect that radium actively ex-
THE BUFORD AXD LOGAN
ists in the hot waters here, and that
the Interior Department will' vigor
ously commence researches to ascer
tain .what the mysterious curative
qualities of the famous waters are
and if radium really exists ln the
waters." ; , ¦*. '"-;
Superintendent of . Government Res
ervation at Hot Springs Makes
Important Announcement.
SAYS .RADIUM EXISTS
IN THE CURATIVE WATERS
Among the people of native stock in
Massachusetts there are each year 12,
000 more deaths than births.
PITTSBURG, Pa., June 4.—Law
rence C. Phipps, the PIttsburg million
aire, who caused his two young daugh
ters to be secretly taken from the
rooms of their mother in the Holland
House, New York, is now en route to
his home In Denver. It was learned
to-day that Phipps passed through
Pittsburg last evening on his way to
Chicago with the two children and
he Was joined at the East End sta
tion here,. It is said, by five servants
from his * Pittsburgh mansion, one of
whomyis the old nurse of the children.
At the Pittsburff home it was ad-
Millionaire Who Secretly Took His
Children From Their Mother Is on
His Way to Denver. .
PHIPPS STARTS FOR HOME
WITH HIS * TWO DAUGHTERS
writer, was knocked down by a mail
wagon to-day. He is believed to have
sustained a fracture of the skull. His
recovery is said to be doubtful.
mitted that the servants had joined
Phipps here/, expecting to go to Den
ver.
DES MOINES, Iowa, June 4.—
Chiles W. Graves, the "accused wife
murderer, who is' alleged to have'sat
urated his-' victim', with kerosene after
the murder, had been committed and
then deliberately applied the*.' torch,
was permitted to plead guilty to" man
slaughter to-day. The limit is eight
years, which he is expected to receive.
Graves was tried once before, the. Jury
failing to agree.* v : . .
Court Accepts Ills Offer , as He Had
Been Tried Once and the Jury • •
Fai led to Agree,
WIFE MURDERER PLEADS
GUILTY TO MANSLAUGHTER
Harris of this city was wedded to-day
at noon to Charles O. Berber of Oak
land. Both are members of promi
nent families. The wedding was at
tended only by their relatives. Tha
Rev. Father J. M. Cassln, rector of St.
Rose's Catholic Church, performed tha
ceremony.
At ten than one-h&ll price. Th« entire
clock of a bankrupt manufacturer. Just the
rlebt kind at the right time.. Etamlne. serge.
cbevlot &r.d covert cloth, all sizes from 2 to
14 yi-iir.<. at less than cost of maldns. at 75
cents, 83 cents. ?1 25. SI 45. Jl 6S and $S 45.
Infants' embroidered carhmere cloaks from Uj
<*r.t« up at the jrreat eale of the Golden Gate
Cloak and Suit Houre. 1230-1234 Market et. •
Children's Coats
The bond market has been narrow
and du'.l. I'nited States 2s registered
have advanced j r, the 2s coupon and
the old 4s l A, the new 4s registered %
and the new 4s coupon %. while the 2s
have declined M per cent on call dur
ing th* week.
XEW YORK. June 4.— It would be
difficult to find a stock ln the active
list which Bhows a change of as much
as a point from the last price of Fri
day of last week, when dealings were
euspended for the three days' holiday
which followed. Gains and losses are
ir.ixpd. Prices have not been very far
from the level of a week ago at any
time, but the light selling of the early
part of the week was followed by
equally light covering of ehorts j'ester
cay and to-day, thus practically oblit
erating the week's changes. The mar
ket is entirely unaffected by news. The
bank statement did not reflect .all of
the expected gain in cash, and the loan
contraction was not as large as ex
pected. But Wall street has been draw-
Ing unfavorable Inferences rather than
otherwise from the accumulation of
idle bank reserves, so that the motive
for the days* stagnation can hardly be
attributed to this cause. The closing
was virtually stagnant. Total sales of
bonds, par value. $343,000.
The average level of the stock mar
ket hr.s been practically immovable
this week, the thr^e days' holiday in
terval developing nothing to lift it out
of the rut into which it has fallen.
There were some exceptions among a
nurnKer of low-grade, non-dividend
jayins stocks, and, at the other ex
treme, fome of the high-grade invest
ment stocks. The usually active stocks.
of which the floating supply in the
:narket is large and whose movements
.isually reilect the' current of specu
lative sentiment, have lain almost dor
mant. The drop in low-grade stocks
was regarded as an adjustment of
Jong-standing discrepancies brought
about by former manipulative tactics
by pools in these stocks and maintain
ed with comparative ease owing to the
Mna'.l outstanding supply of these is-
Mies. The abandonment of support -of
these stocks or the fear of Its abandon
ment led to ?ome selling by suspicious
followers of the former movement in
them and their prompt yielding to the
lovrer price level. The vulnerability of
the high-grade Investment stocks to
light liquidation is evidence of the
deaith of investment demand in the
market tn take up such offerings. Any
ihin; like forced liquidations makes
quick inroads on values in any part of
the list. Owing to the extreme ease
<:f the money market, however, there
Is very little of such liquidation.
Gold has continued to go out in mod
erate amount from Xew York, but re
ceipts of Japanese gold at San Fran
cisco have also continued. Money re
"mains extremely easy in New York,
with reserves piling up further in the
banks, and no obstacle is offered to
the ?old outgo by an advance in inter
est rates.
KEW YORK, June 4. — The Finan
cier says: The most notable features
of the official statement of the Xew
York Aesoc'ated Banks for the five
days of the week, Monday being a hol
iday, were the further liquidation in
loans, the moderate net -Increase in
cash, notwithstanding the estimated
large gain as ehown by the traceable
movements of money, the quite small
decrease in general deposits and a
further Increase in surplus reserve.
The loans were reduced $3,918,200,
making a liquidation ln this item of
$42,263,400 in the three weeks since
May 14. The greater part of this re
duptlon in- loans which was effected
during the fortnight ending, the pre
vious week, was due, as has been
heretofore stated, to the cancellation
of loans of public deposits which were
surrendered to the treasury. The
further liquidation last week seems
to have been caused by the
indisposition of borrowers to make
new engagements even at the low
rates for time money ruling in the
market. The cash gain for the week
was only J2, 029.900 net, whereas the
estimates almost unmistakably showed
an Increase of J 8,780.700. As the dis
crepancy is otherwise inexplainable it
may be regarded as due to the average
system. The general deposits' de
creased only $164,600, or $1,723,700
below the sum of the reduction ln
loans, lees the net gain ln cash, and
therefore the statement failed to make
a good balance. •
Surplus Reserve.
eral Deposits and an Increase in
Statement Shows a Decrease in Gen-
BAN'KS REPORT FURTHER
LIQUIDATION' IN LOANS
Money Remains Easy in Xew
York and Bank Reserves
Are riling- Up Steadily
S3IAliL CALL FOR BONDS
But Few Shares on the List
-Show Any Change, and the
Closing Is Decidedly Dull
STOCK MARKET
STILL INACTIVE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, >. SUNDAY, JUNE 5, 1904.
25
Frank II. Spearman's Magnifi-
cent Indian Character Shown
in One of Ills Most Thrill-
' ing and > Pathetic slail-
road Stories.
SAXKETS DOUBLE HE.XDER
THE FUGITIVE.
Strting. Powerful Human Inter-
est Novel of To-day, Just .
I-Inftdied By Ezra S.
Brundo, ' the Great "
.low Mi Novelist.
Illustrated bj' Kcrt Levy, the
Famous Jewish Sketch Ar-
(1-t of Australia.
Iiog^ns in
S1ZXT SsUXDAVS CALL.
I THE EMPORIUM I THE EMPOBIUM. 1 THE EMPORIUM. I* THE EMPORIUM.* I THE EMPOBIUM. f I ' THE EMPORIUM.
j j? k *' .,',.'. '"..'. ',' '""-""^ ".. v ". .... ..'.', ..'." ",, ,".. '.'... '. '. ,." . .' "' ' .'.'".' ..- ¦ ,..,.. -
jjt Our Fireworks Catalogue is [ready-prepare 'for 'the-' 'Glcricm u /Fcvrih.GH in your orders early. * Sale Brilliant Cut GiBSS
| £ Also write for. the new Camera and Baby \ Vehicle), Catalogues. Mailed to any address on application. ..«;'__. : '-' v Suitable for June Wedding Gifts
'{ modern Merchandising Means Much More S^B|-.-fe5Jr
ii .-\" Than Buying sand Selling Goods . tim ™^ mD^ iM ,^ _,„„ ,«,.„,
j £ Among the many problems that the up-to-date merchant has to and the Ladies' Dressing Room, with matron always v.\ attendance. '(iSByVv r ' ch «»»"g. rt "* ul "'y * 3 -5° f -* r ''.'''''' St. 65
I J solve besides the" buying and selling of goods is how best to provide On the main floor we have a Free Parcel Checking Bureau, where 2Se J £"55* £*£
* for the Comfort, Convenience, Happiness and Safety of patrons and V° u "^ ' e . a X e m^'Vv fh " "? W *V* ° ' W/ Av^ilf | 4 . oo each $2.99
t employes while inthe store . can leave their hand-baggage if they do not wish to go to a hotel. |w/if \ / '4k!i Monday only-Cot OUss Tamblm-a* pict ure j, tunbunt
* But very few people outside of those connected with the man- .- Other features are the Information Bureau, Telephone and WV/ 1 P%V cu " ins> big " lue aC $^ 5 ° per djz ™' ul * pnce " * 2 ' 55
X asement of immense stores, such as The Emporium and a few of the Telegraph Offices, Barber Shop, Women's Hairdressing and }h\ -LA \\ Ml Ths Famous Libby Cut Gias«-i» the ««
;S largest stores in the great Eastern cities are, realize how many de- A'anicuring Parlors, first-class Restaurant, numerous retiring ™ llil^V i^ " thc g - Ia " %vor:d " st " :ing S ' IV " is aiaons
fc; p:irtments are conducted for the convenience of the public and em- rooms, safe, commodious Elevators, and, by no means least- $l^$? r -1 '? "^ A t *' T"
it ployes from which not one penny of revenue is derived. ? Our very Comprehensive Free Delivery Service, tfhich not V'/Hf
X In the matter of conveniences The Emporium is one of. the best only cover? this city. Oakland, Alarneda and Berkeley, but which, HjO^ T^^VS^^r^ with tbeprk M of«ciu»iT e j e w e i«-n.
•|t equipped plants in America. There is The Emergency Hospital, under certain conditions, extends to all the near-by cities, towns and Spoon TriJ , _ . $4.00 8-5nch Bowl . . .56.50 Sugar and Cramer, pr. S5.OO
\x with its trained nurse in case of sudden illness in the store- Con- summer camps. o:ivejar«. ... . 56 OO Water Bottle .. . S6.75 12-inch Round p !a» . $ 13. 75
¦ f nected with it is the Children's Playroom, where mothers may leave Credit Oiven to responsible parties- Apply at our Gredit Cologne Bo»i«. .*5.U0 cciery Tray . . *8'fO Tan Tankard Pitchy $2U.OO
| »: their little ones while shopping. Adjoining are the Ladies 1 Parlor, Bureau, mezzanine floor, Jessie street side. , *%lSittJboUiWL- ° d B °" lM ' " ' • <55 ' 75 / . ' ' 9MU ' UO '^y ;';,
ij with free ; writing materials, the daily papers and current periodicals; , v ' i .. • .• ; - *- . And many, many other pieces at equally loiv prices.
|| $t. 2 5 Evening Costume Grenadines 49c \ _cho,ceotAnyoeour\ Nt J^f ln^^Z^f^L^,
;| Sales of Shantung anU Black Pongees z^Sm® iPJTf s T^tSr*=«l*w«V IiK$ " we5ha "
j X Large as the quantities are of these handsome and much-wanted summer silks we are afraid ««<a f li*» no. 2 Bull's Eye Kodak— Makes picture &$xi%. resru-
<x that many customers will be disappointed if they do not come early during this sale which begins to- (BjjP^jr Including a few charming l "l y J*£°*2 m K „' "j \," i ' ' \ $6.85
\i. morrow. Remember these- are not " sale " silks, but regular choice, up-to-date fabrics at sale 'models from famous makers, l%^f^0r^M^^^^fSWM
\i m prices. » a^ m^ r ked to close this No. 4 •?Special" Bull's Eye Kodak— Regularly $'o.oo,
ijr BlacK Silk Grenadines— 38, 40 and 44. inch Awidthj, 20-lnch Shantung Pongee- The «rvi«ab' e stylUh file, that i. 10 ' J$l&y\ -'Week— those that Were: sale pric j S16.5O
:J' J T TT much worn thiimmmer -exceptional Taluet at ths.egu'ar prices, th: d^^T^x < No. 0 Poldlng Pocket Kodak— Makes pictHre , lf^X2>»,
j X in very pretty stripes, including hair!in:s and broken best of b-rgains at .. y^^S^VVv tO $10 . . . . . $4m65 regul uly $6-oo, tor $5mOO
|| cffcc-choic. doubic width .:i-.ilk grenadine, „« ™ 1-g }~ !« % £ ¦; ; ¦; ¦• ; f|» M,^ " "' ?1S <¦ ¦ ¦¦ $6.15 f^^^^^^j^ij^
|J. tbeie, silks that wi.l make btautifut street and evening j i.oo quil.ty (17 inch) yd. . . . . . BtiO " " $25.... .&3m35 No. 3 roldlni Pocket Kodak- Makes picture i%xi\L.
\X , n ,, nmM r^onl.rlv R -o < i no * n A - ' 26-inch Black Pongee Siks -An extra and very desirable quality fo r „ " . . . . . .' .. . _ . . _. regularly $17. 50, lor . $15.4O
costames-regularly 8 ? c, $100 «d wa ,t, .nd costume., regularly |,.oo , yard, beginning Remember this t$ a choice of the Entire Em- no. 3 A Folding Pocket Kodak-Makes pictur^xjK-
J*. $1.25 the yard— for this special sale omy -T**** M nday . . '. . . . . . . . . .. . . { • . . .. wO'O pprium Stock at the above prices. regularly $20.00, for $17,50
\ lm Z?™M h B%oZToT££ s I' tMfr Clearance Sale Costumes] S £J'%!IJ£*
$ Our offer of a third under regular pr.ces for 2500 highest grade Solid I^W^^ * Unprecedented PHCO Reductions "*\
\\ Back Hair Brushes (Low Sons & Howard's Perfection -firand) was ac- .JSgi?.-. : ' TOlCIOSQ TheSO Out TMs Week *[ *** F *o 00
! £ ccp-.ed.'and beginning Monday, you wiil have a rare opportunity to obtain a *&1 . t » * * * ' * * * * * • v^|J»o
!| vStfcS^&gjg'jgg ' Choice of every Gown that was regularly tf7^H|| |2^^fj^
• X We have assorted these brushes into seven lots and marked them : // ?3^§\ - #1UU tO #1CO tt ( ... _^ c n , _ * .
j X ¦• a /J5^\\ : 5ZJ5 Bed Spreads — vjood Marseille?
$ 75c Values 48c $1.85 Values. . $1.15 $2.50 Values- $1.63 j\ ' l#fJN^<9 •- ' Crepe de Chine Gowns, regularly Up tO &*&T £%ft for large beds, each . .$1.88
I*! $1.00 Values... 63c $2.00 Values ... 1.35 $3.00 Values •• 1.85 iA JMl) \_ «85 for $4 9 50 "$32 50 %P^ M m%J%M $1.50 Bed Spreads— Best crochet. tuU
it $135 Values 78c JfeMSW' r '\ ' ' ' '-" " " " W^t i siz:. each .$1.18
iX -\L-i22 ~~ , . ~ t? 11 ¦ u l - v j- v u- A *i lJ^SM^ Ji The above assortments include about 100 handsome xreations, which have c--» ni--v.»- T n f.n^ w «,..,- 1
1 X 2000 Whisk Brooms — Full size, heavy stock, notwithstanding the big / '(^F^SfvP^ ' ' fara y HIanJlcti — ln tant T weave* for
I advance in pnce of oroom corn, which makes them worth 15c each, f*^ /M/iPP^HA V -- '1\ '"^ PUrP °' C " sh ° W P 1 "" du " D S OUr °P cnin g s and delays. It is a wrappers, couch covers, etc.. pair
\X odsi'c beginning Monday, and during week, whi'e quantity lasts, each J?€r x '* iF'ljc^r"- uni^ ue c ! earan « sa ' c » inasmuch that to our knowledge there was never 10 large a $1,35
JV * It Ir'-VV 1 r num t>cr of beautifu!, new, finest grade costumes offered at such low prices in this Brown Blankets — Fine wool, ; lbs.
i x , Woven Colored Wash materials ' . ?i -f. II 'P|j J <fy; ' welgnt - *s.ooT.!ne. P ak $3,95
! i instead Of 25C Yard"11C > W/ I ' y% Ori g inal P ric " wcrc 33^ prr cent 1«, th» others would ask for their equal,. t f h^^ B^^ 0T l 1^ ] '
! $ This is 'a lot of several thousands of yards of rich Ml I 1 r nd tT WC T tlke -*! 7T ° f """*?" SeC fM Camping BbnkcL-He'.^ grad'c 5
\X j ., j j . -\. Jffil|\ I' 1 i\l\. I T beauufdl productions in our window* and display cases and convince yourself of iu. _,.;_l. m^ i* # L —
• x mercerized zephyr madras weaves, in desirable new #«A\\\ illi'l uruui? •• , - , , . ,, ... 1DS - WCI g hc - P arr • • .$1.75
\X - . - r J . . ' ' . *¦ -iwliultt \ illll I the fact that the Emporium is making the lowest prices on record for gowns which «._• MaM V/ ,.v. M ... c . f R .
{ X COIOringS ana exquisite Summer btVieS. An assortment . #H|j | 1\\ will interest the best dressers in California.. .. almost made—
i| that ¦ we closed out from the mill-man direct. „ They . -M Ml W\ ' - -. .. 54x90 inches, each . .450
|J were a25c : line and a particularly good one at that; tyjt ' >^'rtwl V W| S&IG SStnpSO SiiitSj *fM**m3O . 7^9° '^hes, ach .. eOo
ij our fortunate purchase enables us to offer these V* ml \ \lv w % IA &Ort #1#1 4r* BZn lf~*Sam**** 81x90 inches, each . . e5o
I 1 choice wash fabrics, beginning to-morrow, yard'w IL % \ W ' V^UmUU U& &&£.&& VUMUGS Pillow Cases- Good grad«. not the
1* ° ° J nil ¦ f\>\ IK \\ - \ft\ ... , ¦ • 'common Kind —
it Fancy Oxlords- Heavy wa-sting Washable White Chilfons— 44 Oil % \ \ ] W The Season's Most Sensational Bargains — We re bought at an immense dis- 45 x 3 6 plain hemmed, each 12*Ao
*: weaves, in dainty striped co'or- inchei wide, a.most as fine as |I 1/ if : \ M' /I count "a maker's entire samp.e line or jaunty walking and ---* 45136 in., hemstitched, each ISo
X ing« very special, yard ' f8c ° rgandy ' but bctt " f ° F W " ring J Hi \ '<> M^ESt drcn' iuim «t » diieounf of 50 per cent. These will go m SffS 1 i '
mgs, very specia., yara . . j OO purposc ,. yard . . . . . 25o /Ii H; j^} 'V ' iBSS^' on sale, begmmng- Monday, at the uniform price of . . . V ' "** ** ** Safes COUCh COVCrS
I India Ltnon-Int cleverly made. White Cambric — Full ' '^Mli ] \ W^ To make this sale doubly interesting, we have taken 100 pretty tuit. from our Tahlt* finvAM *
V fine even threaded weave, for yard uiae, finished iike the Lons- W5W-"%'.fk . own stock and included them with the sample line to complete the size assortment B~J*-Z 1
j dainty waist. and dresses, dale-!es. than present mill price, The above garment, are Eton blouse, and coat suit, in mixtures, canva. cloth,] fOrtlCrCS
S y • ' 15 ° 7 7 ° "^^^^\ mistral., cheviots. Alterations extra. A manufacturer's closed-out lots
X - ¦ - ..-.¦. , o f striped and fancy couch and
I TrU T'fT °^^^^mm Standard Books &. Below Wholesalo Cost mm^^^k
I A Sai& 9^^fc^^3 And Othe >- tomarkablB Book Values This Week Z D T'^^t°ZX s
v Rat Top TrunKs— As pictured, i| All book lovers will be greatly interested in to-day's announcement— especially those who were P rices:
% covered with brown waterproof disappointed in not securing the sets they wanted during our last great sale in March. We 'have secured $2 - 50 TabIe Cov«rs— Aitoned color, and de-
jj" aucfc; lour nardwood cieats on top, v^rf^^^iL j*~^'^^—* ar '-^-^? ii *7ff : r :J * _ — — .. . • ¦ — • '¦¦-¦• . signs, for . . £i m Q8
I two around body, three on bottom; another immense lot of those handsomely bound, Standard Books in Sets at onc-lhird below manulactvrers' $L65 ind . $L75 C ouch Covtrs-A,,ort S d
%¦ heavy japanned iron b : nding and $ffi\fii>0Zx _J P!" ices ' ' n otner words at about the actual cost of paper, printing and binding, and we shall sell them be- colon and dtsigns, at $1.25
i *l iron bottom; strong comer bumpers; w^^^0& W0-, vMeS&SSg. ****^" ginning Monday at the same ratio of the retail prices. We shall probably be able to fill all early mail Portltrej— Tapestry, Armurr, Ottoman r :?
x full covered Saratoga tray, with |fpfli|p Jiff W^wmSST^^* orders (exgress charges extra). We mention a lew ol thc titles, the regular retail prices being given in in «"*• red and brown eff;c «—
x compartment for hat, Jlso compart. parenthesis: . jfi.*s Taluet, pair St. 18
£ ment in lid; good bolts and lock*; W$Wa0J wM« Th « Prench KeTOlution, Carlyle— 2 vols.. 15 Illustrations. Hlsrtory of Oar Own Tlme», Justin McCarthy— Copyright T, if 2 ". 5 ° I ', '*" * •" * * * *£!"2£
X % . ' B °°" ... ' . f > '" n " . doth, gilt top ($2.00) 95o edition. 2 vols.. cloth, gilt top. 32 illustrations (J2.00)..95o **- 00 ' *+'5° Talue *» P atr • • • • S2.B5
fc two sizes only at these extraordinary low special saic prices: Sea Tilt; Cooper— 6 vols., cloth, gilt top ($5.00). ... .$2.25 WilUam H. Pro«cotf« Conquers of Mexico— 2 vols.. 35 il- *5-°«>» *$-S° »»'«»» P«' .... $3.95
X 28 in. «:•/.-, rceuiarly <6.5o, special .$4.85 ' *«*ther Stocktor ¦ Tales, Cooper— 5 vols., . cloth, gilt top lustrations ($2.00) 9So S6.oo, *3.oo ralues, pait ;. . . . $4^5
X --,,., v * VVL ($5.00) $2.25 Pre«oott'« History of tb« Conquert of Peru— 2 vols.. 35 il- "
X 30 m. «i7.e, regu.arly 57.00, special . . . 5 1O Count of Monte Cristo, Dumas— 2 vols.. cloth, gilt top. 16 lustrations ($2.00) 950 /*»•*»*• amw § S*>4
i Round Ton TmnV rn W ,,H wlrh *,„ " -8 In • • OS Rft "lustrations ($2.00) 950 Presootfs History of the Reijm of Perdtoand and ZsabeUa > t»#"WI?erjf MmiSW
x JSTlg^ZZ&Zt™ Si- '• '. '.'••• : '• 'r '• tyiA^ clothl * nt a iSSS^SSS^^^^^S^tL Monday and Tuesday
! . japanned maQeable iron cleat and corner 32 in 7.5x3 Three Musketeers. Dumas-2 vols., cloth, gilt top. 8 illus- ; gtS." %?* v^Ue^uskln-'Jvo 5^ 0^" illastra'tlon. 'ir,"K ««ni-Ber. Eastern «, 5 « cured, lb . f3%O
IS "^.•"-•'P^y^twoccrnpar^ent,, 34 m 8.ilO trations ($2.00) .... ...........950 "3.00V? ! . . .f " .^.SSSI Lucca Oll-Croue & K.ckwell^ «tt. 6/O
\% and toll lid over tray, 36 m 8.5O Twenty Tears After, Dumas-2 vols.. cloth, gilt top. 8 il- Schiller's Complete Works— 8 vols.. \48 illustrations ($8.00) p"!"' cZaTZJZr 1OC Hn, -SL.
I » o _, . , . . . &•% nn *S in O OO lustrations ($2.00) . - 95c — S3 7S ' **'* uyt— 5 OO *» rcs>"ar >oc ens, Aion^
it" Thp W'lV !l"wh Tl ' ' ' "von * . /- "¦• o \n ','' - , \ " • VicomtedeBrayel<mne, Dumas— 3 vols.,' ghV top".' iJ'iYlus- The* WaVerley novels," Scott— 12 ' vols.'.' 128* ifull-pkge illus- day and whUe supply lasts, 4 /or .. C
ft The f 5.75, 30-mch size ... 3.80 Sale Club Bags— Genuine leather, made trations ($3.00)... ...... ...\ ... fi.45 trations ($12.00)... T.....$5J0 Washint Soda— Best i' lbs 9«n
V Round Tod TrunV — Co» e r f d wth in imitation of. walrui. tliding lock, linen Oeonfe allof* Works— 8 vols. complete. 66 illustrations William M. Thackeray's Complete Works— 10 vols.. 260 il- r .. f mr A ' rK L 1**" * .' n!
h Kouna- lop I runx — Covered wth • J> » ($8.00) 53.73 lustrations by the author and others ($10.00) $4.50 Ohirardelll Ground Chocolate— 1 lb.
X brown pamted duck, with - full Saratoga limng, with pocket inside, choice of two sizes, Complete Works of J.W. von Ooethe— 10 vols.. gilt top. 61 Charles Dickens' Complete Works— 15 vols.. 148 illustra- tins .• 25c
h tray and compartment in lid, double hasp x* and 13 inch, regularly *l.6o anl $1.85 Illustrations ($10.00) .... $4.50 tions ($15.00) $8.60 «*«,k,,'. C..J <«,„ ,cl«r, «/»«
it* sprinn lock very stou'lv made- *<* • '• • • .$1.29 life of Oeorre Washington, . Irving— 4 vols., 32 IllGstra- Shakespeare's Complete Works— 8 vols.. with numerous Stryker j Sand 5oap - x 5 ban . . . 5O©
X « \f«* ¦ ** an' ' . • tions ($4.00) $1^5 full-page illustrations (S6.00) $a.3O Ripe Olives— Best California, qt ... £3o
* *6.oo, >6 n, s.ze *5"«H Sa!e Fibtr Telescopes— 17 in. long, History of Ensrlana, Macaulay— 5 vols., 25 half-tone illus- The Wandering Jew, by Eugene Sue— 2 vols., illustrations Deviled Ham or Ton«ue-6 tint QRt*
7. >6.7 5 , 30 m. aze 5.3O 10 in. wide (see pxture), a leather straps trations ($5.00)..... .......... .$2JI5 . ($2.00) .95o ««vilefl nam or I ongue 0 tint . - ZSC
ft Cl T ¦ - r, , and handles treat for vour oicnic lunch saie Esuays and Poem* of Thomas B. Macanley— 3 vols., 15 il- z.es Miserables, by Victor Hugo— 2 vols.. illustrations Corned Beef — 1 lb. tins, * for .... 25C
f Steamer Trunks-Canvas covered, water- « M»«u«m. great for your p.cn.c lunch ,a,e lu8tratlons (|S .00) :............... 31.45 ($2.00) 9 5o Sauterne or RelsHn S -Extra S . r »r.old
j^ proof painted, full linen lined, Excelsior pnce only . .ISO wine* worth J 1 co eal 6S0
$ feck «m«gc bolt.: -- ApBlBton'8 International Scientific Ll» 5,000 Cloth Bound Books — Including all * 0 !d McBr.yer Whiskey* (9 year,)l
X 7 ¦ brary- Ba'ance of our entire-stock cf about 750 volumes, the kinds of literature — travel, history, biography, friction, Gallon $3.OO. bottle .-... . 7J O
** /^\ T/l n\r&*\*\ Qrtt4g\«%/\ PiAdWn'f^ ff W ° rkl °' * Uch authori " Darw i n » ±.;J*+ humor, children', booki, Rudeshelmer or Braunneburjer- Finest
i i® FAnCM&WUAttuflVCllOmR I?\ <t S? r « m«cy l^, Tyn- 17Z? Jf r f ° - - P oetry_m O stof them orig- im ? orted Rhinc win^ .-
X II /tltlVllOl/lIVII|UU.l VVlXttl O / V dall, Bildwm and miny others; JTfcf <? JMT>&<§S faSb£ t g t &£*' inallv 1 cc cor ,„«! ¦ , fP case ...._. $9.75
X VLs Beginning Monday we offer these well- L.A I S o, marked, to^do^ut 5tS^" iT*^-2222«^ each .11 marked • for the Hire,' Rooi Beer-Carbonated, 3 bott!e^5o
X I >fe/ l* J -i , feM%Jr durl " g th " * C O P #B#lj* CALIFORNIA S l^^^ee£k^i^ lWtl " !C bfi g lnnIn g «A A Gin-B,:st Old Tom, bottle 82c
I AHSf known and popular Sc Cigars" I* 25c. ™m volume -|i. 00, 80c . W»«^O ' -»E^s3S» 5B ai^A-S GRAND£ST STORE Monday... .IUC Fruit Syrups-All kinds half-gal.bort!,. 75c
||| Furniture 15 to 25 Per Cent Less Than Same Qualities Cost ?n Exclusive Furniture Stores
u * Saie $30.00 Rugs $22.OO—$3.5O Rugs $2.85— $2. OO Plugs $1.25— Beginning Monday
X The new mezzanine annex to the furniture department it completed.* It covers an" area of 5400 'square'' feet - The Rugs to be sold for $22.00 this week are 9x12 fett f Smyrnas, in brilliant coioriegs and artistic
J and cnab'es us to disp'ay several hundred more^smp'e pieces. Do not buy any.furniture that you require until you coIor effecti; the $3.50 Rugs to be sold this week at $2.85 »re also Smyrnts, the 36-inch size; the $2.00 Rugs for
X have examined Ths Emporium's great stcck. Investipationwjll prove that our every-day prces on furniture mean asaving cf 15 to as per cent. |j Jl.25.are 26-inch Velvets. We will also sell the 9x12 feet, $l6.OO Moravian Rugs, this week for $ 1 1.50.
X .-.¦.'.•«•.-' . ; ' •"•' v, ¦ . • - ¦ - '--' V ¦ . . ¦ , „-.--"•' • . - - - - - -,-^ v^-^ v^ wv :
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.Liberty Bell Arrives nt St. Louis.
TOLEDO, O., June 4.— Ten thousand
people welcomed the old Liberty
Bell, which arrived at 9:15 to-night.
The train departed at 10:55 for Chi
cago.
Pretty San Franciscan Is Married to
Lieutenant Pope of the Battle
. ship Wisconsin in Rome.
ROME. June 4. — Miss Nellie Crum
of San Francisco was married to-day
to Lieutenant Ralph I. Pope of the
United States battleship Wisconsin.
MISS NELLIE CRU3I WEDS
AN OFFICER OF THE NAVY
PERSONAL.
"Attorney J. W, McKinley of Los An
geles is at the Palace.
. John D. Spreckels will leave this
morning for San Diego, where he will
spend a week.
J. C. Hayes, the well-known news
paper proprietor of San Jose, is regis
tered at the Palace. ' \'.~'V,
Morris Bien, who is attached to the
Agricultural Department in Washing
ton, is at the Palace.
H. N. Anderson, a wealthy mill
owner of Aberdeen, Wash., who was
recently married In the north, arrived
at the Palace yesterday with his bride.
Charles S. Fee, passenger traffic
manager of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, leaves to-day for St. Paul. wher«
he will join his family and bring it
back to this city.
James V. Coleman, the well-known
capitalist, accompanied by Thomas
Mulqueen.' departed yesterday on hla
yacht Aggie for Santa Cruz. From
there he will go' to Catalina Island
and thence to Honolulu. The pleasure
trip is expected to extend over a
period of four months.
Echvanl II. Hart Will Deliver Oration.
Songs, Races and Games on
the list. .
Progress is being made in the prep
aration of the programme for the cele
bration of the 129th anniversary of
the battle of Bunker Hill at. Los Gatos
June 17. Under the auspices of the
fojir leading societies of California
the event promises to be a memorable
one. |
The oration at Los Gatos will be de
livered by Edward H. Hart, junior
grand warden of the Grand Lodge,
F. arid A. M., of California. Arthur
Cunningham, the barytone, will sing
"My Own United States" and "The
Meaning of U. S. A." and Alfred
Wiikie. the tenor, will sing "The
Sword of Bunker Hill." 'V-^
A fine list of races and games, in
charge of Archie de Mamiel. the mile
runner of the Lowell High School, wilf*
follow the literary programme. The
committee on decorations and flags
will. see to it that flags fly from every
pole and from ships and public build
ings on the day.
Da Vinci read Pindar and thought
him the noblest poet who ever wrote
In any language.
ARRANGING PROGRAMME .
FOR BUNKER HILL DAY
Vill erect a. -one-story and basement
brick powerhouse " on the northeast
corner of Folsom and Spear streets,
to cost $28,000. ; . .
s . Flats will be erected on the west
line of Pierce street, north of Waller
street, at a cost of $21,000, by Mager
The Mutual Electric Light Company
Three auction sales are announced
by Easton, Eldridge & Co. The first
will take place at 638 Market street at
noon, next Tuesday. The second will
occur on the 14th. when miscellaneous
city properties will be offered, and the
third will take place at Fruitvale,
June 25. when 100 Fruitvale residence
lots will be offered. Next Tuesday's
catalogue includes the following offer
ings: Lot on the north line of Hayes
street, 106:3 west of iLaguna, street,
25x120 feet, extending to Ivy avenue,
with two flats fronting on each of the
streets; lot, 25x137:6, and nine-room
house on the south line of Sacramento
street, 107 feet west of Baker; lot,
25x125 feet, and dwelling on the north
side of Mission street. 115 feet west of
Ninth street; residence and lot,
27:8*4x112:6, on the west line of Brod
erick street, 100 feet south of Jackson
street: lot, 25x90 feet, and three flats
on the south line of Clara street, west
of Third; \ lot 25x80 feet, and
frame building on,. the north side of
Clementina street, 150 feet west of
First street; lot. 23x60 feet, with three
flats and a rear house, on the south
side of Valparaiso street, 68:3
east of Taylor street; southeast cor
ner of Twenty-fourth and Capp streets,
59x65 feet, ~ with, improvements; lot
27:6x137:6, on the south line of Sutter
street! 110 feet east of St^iner; lot
27:6x100 feet, on the northwest corner
of Twelfth avenue and M street: lot,
25x114 feet, on the north line of Twen
tieth street. 225 feet west of Church
street; -lot, 25x100. feet, on the. west
side of Wlllard street,' 100 feet south
of Turk street; lot, 26x100 feet, on the
east line ."of Ninth avenue, 175 feet
north of O street; lot, 25x114 feet, on
the south line of Twentieth street, 130
feet west of Church street.
Shalnwald, Buekbee & Co. will sell
at , auction, next ¦ Thursday, at their
salesroom, the properties of the Jose
Guardiola estate. These \ include the
northeast corner of California and
Sansome streets; properties at 34 to
52 Ellis street; property at 117 and*
119 Pine street; property at 318 and
320 O'Farrell street; property at 9 and
11 Bagley place, and the Heredia tract
of 1522 acres in Placer County. Ten
per cent of the purchase price will be
paid upon the acceptance of the bid
and the remainder upon confirmation
,by the court. The seller provides ab
stracts of the titles to the properties.
Taxes for the year «nding June 30,
1904, have been paid. . ../r : .
Oscar Heyman reports that he has
made • a large number of sales near
the Oceanside House, the prices rang
ing from $100 to $200 a lot
: Nelson, Johnson & Co. report a live
ly demand for lots and numerous sales
in ' Shipley,' Rausch, ' Russ, Folsom and
Harrison streets.
& Marsh Cc. the property on the west
line of Mason; street,* 137:6 feet north
of Eddy, has been leased for five
year's to Louis Cooper. The rental for
the entire term amounts, to $42,000.
Lyon & Hoag have issued a very at
tractive pamphlet entitled "By the
Sacramento's Waters," which describes
Colusa and the Sacramento Valley at
large.
OFFERINGS AT AUCTION.
. Camllle Lahanlere has' been ap
pointed by Burnham-Marsh Company
to take charge- of their leasing and
renting department.
A real estate partnership has been
formed by H. J. Stetson and O. C.
Baldwin, under "the firm name of
Baldwin & Stetson. Both are of long
experience. They are prepared to take
full charge of property, to do a brok
erage business, to collect rents and to
place insurance.
Hoag & Landsdale have succeeded
to all branches of the business of Mc-
Afee Brothers, who have retired. The
new firm consists of Walter R.-Hoag
and Philip M. Lansdale. The former
has been associated with McAfee
Brothers ten years. Mr. Lansdale has
been engaged in an Investment busi
ness in the. Hawaiian Islands. C. C.
Bell will have charge of the country
department of the new firm.
The Pacific Hardware and ' Steel
Company will remove from Fremont
and Mission streets to the southwest
corner of Seventh and' Townsend
streets, occupying eight 50-vara lots.
The investment in land is estimated
to amount ' to $170,000. An office
building and a warehouse' will be
erected. '
Brothers.
A store and twelve flats will be
built on the northwest corner of Lom
bard and Mason streets for E. Lesari.
Minor sales have been made by G.
H. Umbsen & Co. as follows: For L.
Friedman. 25x112:6. .and improve
ments, on the east Hne of Webster
street, 112:6 north of Post, for S13,
500; for Henrietta L. Likens, 25x115
feet, and improvements, on the north
side of Sixteenth street, 175 feet east
of Castro, for $5750; for Bertha
Hagenkamp, 25x90 feet, and improve
ments, on the southeast side of Folsom
street. 75 feet southwest of Eighth, for
$5600; for B. Xaughton, 25x85 feet,
and improvements, at 517 and 519
Fell street, for $5100; for Mrs. S. J.
Miller. 25x120 feet on the east line of
R. D. Cranston & t Sons report the
following sales of lots: For David
Lewis to Margaret E. Mullln, lot on
the southeast corner of Page and
Ashbury streets, 25x90 feet, as the site
of a handsome residence; for Thomas
Vodden to Matthew I. Sullivan, 25x
126 feet on the east side of Ashbury
street, 126 feet south of Waller, and
for Dr. A. E. Edwards to the same
party, lot on the east line of Ashbury
street, 100 feet south of Haight; lot
on the west Bide of Ashbury street,
82:6 feet north of Haight, 25x100
feet, for Charles Patton to T. B.
Draper; for Joseph Wurdach to J. G.
Taylor, 25x100 feet on the south side
of McAllister street, 76 feet east of
Lyon; lot 28x106 feet on the west side
of Ashbury street, 496 feet south of
Frederick, to Dr. Dorothea Watson,
who proposes to begin within a short
time the construction of modern flats
thereon; Mrs. Anna L. K. Sawdon
to Mrs. Frances Zoberbier, lot on the
west side of Ashbury street, 128:9 feet
south of Waller, 30x106; for J. W.
Keyston to W. E. Shepman and W. G.
Hind. 25x93:3 feet on the southwest
corner of Central avenue and Hayes
street; to Mrs. Carter. 27x100 feet on
the west line of Sanchez street, 55 feet
north of Fourteenth, for Augustus J.«
Ranken; to Louis Bartlett, 24x85 feet
on the west line of Dore street, 205
feet north of Bryant, with two flat
buildings, which Mr. Bartlett is at
present improving. The seller was.D.
M. Duffey, executor for the estate of
Colton.
RESIDENCE PROPERTIES.
Recent sales by Boardman Broa. &
Co. Include the lot on the north* line
of Jackson street, to feet east of
Maple. 60x165 feet, sold for F. M.
Greenwood, for $8750; lot on
southwest line of Brannan place, 200
feet southeast of Brannan street, lot
75x60 feet, sold for F. Fuller, for
about $2000; lot on the north line of
McAllister street, 82 feet west of
Stelner, 27:6x87 feet, to J. H. thorn
Wohrden, for $4260; for account of
A. E. Engstedt. 60x114 feet and cot
tage on the north line of Twenty-flfth
street, 190 feet "east of Douglass,
to P. J. Shaughnessy, for $1600; lot
on the north line of McAllister street,
119:6 feet west of Steiner, 27:6x187,
to Julius Heilfronn, for $4760;. for
George de Urloste, the northeast cor
ner of Folsom and Moss streets, lot
25x80 feet and Improvements, consist
ing of three-story building, occupied
by store and flats, and two small flats
In rear, to G. A. Hoertkorn, for
$12,000; lot on the east line of Sixth
avenue, 169 feet north of D street,
26x120 feet, to a client, for $1500.
25x137:6 feet and flats on Oak street, be
tween Clayton and Cole, for Clara
Schranz, for $7000; lot 27:6x137:6 feet on
the north side of Golden Gate avenue,
between Broderick and Baker streets,
for T. H. O'Connor, for $2500.
Through Madison & Burke, J. V.
Campbell has sold the northeast corner
of Green and Pierce streets, with six
flats, lot 27:6x103 feet, for 515,250. The
same brokers have sold the lot, 30x82:6
feet with flats, on the east line of De
vlsadero street, between Bush and Pine,
for J. B. R. Crocker, for $19,725; £5x80
feet and flats on the south line of Clara
street, between Fifth and Sixth, for H.
Tanner, for $3800; lot 36xS7 feet and im
provements on the south side of Jessie
street, southwest of First, for James
Wilson, for $10,000; lot 25:6x80 feet and
cottage on the west side of Buchanan
street, between Washington and Jack
son, for H. D. Monahan, for $5000; lot
Thome & Kllpatrick report the fol
lowing recent sales: Southwest corner
of Point Lobos and Fourth avenues,
120x100 feet, Eldridge to Moeller. for
SfOOO; west line of Buena Vista avenue,
£2 feet south of Central avenue, 31x200
fpet. Whelan to Froment, for $3000; east
line of South Broderick street, 146 feet
south from Thirteenth, 27x100 feet, with
improvements. Fett to Butler, for $10,
000; north line of A street. 57:6 feet
east of Twelfth avenue, 25x100 feet,
Melsted to Currier, for $700; northeast
corner of Eddy and Bourbon streets,
28x100 feet, with improvements, Patek
to Jury, for $S00O; north line of Mc-
Allister street, 30 feet west of Gougli,
51x100 feet, with improvements, Miller
to Heskins, for $1S,000.
William Wolf has sold to Jean Car
ri-ul the northwest corner of O'Farrell
and Gough streets, with the Earl Cliff
apartment-house, lot 25:9%xll2:6 feet,
for $24,000.
Through the agency of Q. H. Umbsen
& Co., Thomas Lundy has sold the
northeast corner of Post and Jones
street! for about $70,000. The improve
ments consist of a frame building, in
which there are four stores and rooms
above.
"Tn« usual summer dullness In real
estate will be noticeable for the vaca
tion months, accentuated possibly by
the fact that this year we will have the
Presidential election, but after election
we look for a reaction and a return to
normal conditions. Building operations
oontlane on the high level of the past
few months. San Francisco was rated
last month as sixth In the comparative
table of the large cities of the Union
io the matter of the Increase In build
ing operations."
DEALS JUST EFFECTED.
The sales of San Francisco real estate
In May amounted to $3,210,4S3, and in
cluded CS5 transactions. The deals by
sections were as follows: Fifty vara,
47; one hundred vara, 26; Potrero and
South San Francisco, 53; Mission. 173;
Western Addition. 201; outside lands
and homesteads, 195. In May mort
gages and deeds to the number of 574
were recorded against San Francisco
real estate, representing a total of
II, 856,059. There were 302 releases and
reconveyances during May. amounting
in total to $1,865,793. The releases there
fore exceeded the mortgages, which has
not occurred before in two years. Of
the Immediate outlook for business
Thomas Magee & Sons say In their
Heal Estate Circular:
"The sales In various section* have
been up to the high average of recent
months, with the exception of those for
the 100-vara section, where the figures
are somewhat lower than they have
been for gome time. This month will
long be remembered as the date of the
purchase by a local syndicate of the
Lick House and many other properties
from Mrs. Oelrichs for J3.600.000. This
Is the largest single real estate sale
ever consummated in San Francisco.
Belief In the present end confidence for
the future of San Francisco has been
shown by these buyers In a marked de
gree.
B. Getz reports sales of real estate
In the month of May as follows:
Lot, 25x120, on the east line of Nine
teenth' avenue boulevard, 125 feet south
of P street, to Frank McGulre; 50x100,
south line of K street, 32:6 feet west of
Twenty-second avenue, to Benjamin
Curtaz; 25x120, west line of Twenty
second avenue, 100 feet south of, L
street, to John Gustavson; 50x120, east
line of Twenty-third street, 125 feet
south of K, to Matilda McQueen;
25x120, west line of Eleventh avenue,
275 feet south of K street, to Charles
P. Nelson; 25x100, north line of A
street, 82:6 feet east of Ninth avenue,
to Mark Levy; lot 6, block B.^Getz
addition to Lakeview, to George D.
Rodgers; 25x120, west line of Twenty
second avenue, 125 feet north of L
street, to Frederick Gustavson; 75x125,
south line of Minerva street, 180 feet
west of Capitol avenue, to Charles
Ward; 25x120, east line of Forty-eighth
avenue, 200 feet south of K street, to
Frank Short; 25x120, east line of Forty
eighth avenue, 225 feet south of K
street, to Archer B. Cochrane; 25x100,
northeast corner of London street and
Brazil avenue, to Julia Halllman; 75x
125, north lin? of Montana street, 325
feet east of Capitol avenue, to Terrence
Neenan; 25x125. north line of Montana
street, 300 feet east of Capitol avenue,
to Margaret M. Amsler; 50x100, west
line of Capitol avenue, 50 feet south of
Minerva street, to Dietrich Cordes;
25x100, northwest line of Athens street,
126 feet northeast of Persia avenue, to
T.' R. Tillman; 25x100, northwest line
of Edinburgh street, 175 feet northeast
of Persia avenue, to W. It. Reyburn;.
25x100, northwest line of Paris street,
175 feet southwest of China avenue, to
Edgar W. B. Vaughan; 25x120, west
line of Twenty-second avenue, 150 feet
north of L street, to Fredrich W. Dalh
bom; 95x100, northwest corner of O
street and Forty-fourth avenue, to
Charles R. Kirchner; 25x120, /east line
of t Ninth avenue, 250- feet north of K
street, Mary D. Morrison to Albert W.
Wolter; 50x120, east line of Forty
eighth avenue, 175 feet north of L
street, to Ulrich Remensperger; lOOx
110, east line of Thirty-sixth avenue,
200 feet south of J street, to Charles
W. Perkins.
Sol Getz & Son 1 report the following
sales: .
Lot 57:6x100, northwest . corner 'of i
Forty-sixth avenue and I street,* to F.
Ruhstaller; .25x100. . south line of W \
street, 107:6 feet east of Fortieth ave- !
nue,,to Z. H. Garfleld; 25x100, south-,!
west corner of Moscow street and Per- '
sia avenue, to G. W. Ryan for $400;'
25xl20,'« with improvements, on east line
of Tenth avenue, 100 feet north of L
street, to Emma L. O'Brien;' 50x120, j
west line of Forty-eighth avenue, 112:6 j
feet north of L street, to M. R. Henry; i
25x120, west line of Eleventh avenue, ]
250 feet south of I street, to E. Gen- j
ster. • !
Through the agency of Burnham i
Boyce street, 375 feet north of Ge:»y,
for j 500. {¦; , : ;;'.<;
Bids at auction were received by
Madison & Burke as follows: Lot
47:6x47:6 at the intersection of Broad
way and Dupont street and Montgom
ery avenue, with four-story and. base
ment building, 163,000; lot 75x180 feet
on the southeast line of Stevenson
street, 155 feet northwest of Tenth
street, $18,500; lot and, two, flats on
the east line of Devlsadero street,
1810, 1812 and 1814, with store, 818.
750; adjoining lot 'on Devlsadero
street, $6200; lot, with store an* tene
ment, on the west corner of Montgom
ery avenue and Lombard' street,
$4660; lot and three flats at 2303 Tay
lor street, $4600; lot and buildings at
the southwest corner of Fifteenth- and
Mission streets, $5050; lot 82x100 feet
and house at 413 Valencia street,
$6000. .
NEAR TO THE OCEAN.
Brisk Business Is Re
ported by San Fran
cisco Brokers.
THREE AND A QUARTER MILLIONS
THE VALUE OF REALTY SOLD IN MAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE : .5,; 1901.
26
_ Lf^ n _ rvri _ ; L _. - : ADVERTISEMENTS.
• • 1 I I Bmmmm 1 . V^' * *.; *— N 1 \ • •
IN BEAUTIFUL SANTA BflRBARfl.
;flmcrican plap— From May I, 1904, to January I, 1905:
One person occuping roon). wltbout bath. $2.50 to $3.50; with bath, $3.50 to $5.00
ADVERTISEMENTS. >
i^^^ Mitters i
I BSfiS^ RESTORES THE APPETITE 1
i m^ l^W^ ¦————¦ I
til j!||P^ Fooc * ' eaten w 'thout appetite always causes if
§i |j|| distress. It lies in the stomach undigested and 3
j§ |fl soon ferments > causing Severe Pains, Heart- |j
p burn ' B1 v oatin & and Belching. A dose of Hos- %
% 1§l jW^^^^W tetters Stomach Bitters before meals will strengthen 3
g gt |^^^^^' the stomach and stimulate the flow of gastric juices,
g M, W^^^^^ which are so essential to perfect digestion. Then %
*=*Bf \W^£M?tt ese aiIments W ' IJ quickly vanish and in their place 3
W\ you find a healthy desire for food, which will be per- %
|= >Uffl^ tectly digested, resulting" in the building up of firm 3
£ solid flesh. It also cures =3
| INDIGESTION, DYSPEPSIA, CONSTIPATION, INSOMNIA, I
g MALARIA, FEVER AND AGUE. 3
E Try a Bottle and see for yourself., Here's voluntary praise: 3
fc | Washington, D. C. | «:|; ; Emmet, Texas. $ 3
} "Your Bitters is a most extraordi- I | "I have used your Bitters for Dys- |i-
? nary remedy for restoring the appetite, j; ;¦!; pepsia and indigestion and it did me iijk'3
S? I I place it above any other medicine on j: ]:]j: more good than any other medicine. All $
5 the market and cheerfully indorse it." : » sufferers should try it." "»-3
S£ I C. W. KEHOE. t ¦ \i - ; : . W. J.HELTON. i| 3
2 . . 4^ 21 - . -.•',. .. . % 4 y t ZL^X
g WOMEN WILL ALSO FIND THE" BITTERS UNEQUALEO AS {a; TONIC AND REGULATOR. 3
ibiuiuiumju jii^
AND BETTER THE FUTURE.
Choice offers for your con-
sideration In to-day's Realty
Columns.
BUY A HOME NOW
ADVERTISEMENTS. • — :
ftff suggestion of Its good looks, but pictures can't show polish and Il.;^l f jl «R5>^^ > *—^*^^^--^-tS
_ - ~~ . -~~~.~ ~ _• tne r^ cl1 grain of the wood or good cabinet work. All these good %"Z:?S. F3&1 wi^j — 3 — ~-~^*~^' »r*^,r
$4.00 MORRIS CHAIR, qunlitics are embodied in this suit. The oak is richly grained. ||*ln KhI ftS?"' lS «t E23
Made of r-nMon r,nk mr.UA «nH «imn» «;»,.« the carving is artistic, drawers work smoothly. It is a sutt ac- ISSj ESI §£l3ri E Vv \\ VK
a^ta'cta^ShSft./S'fn^S^&oSV 1 tually worth $45.00. but the price the Sterling price, for cash or Iff f=S| flW I RL_-^=isfc-J l\
They ore ntud with a patent ratchet, so that credit is 835.OO N3 mail or telephone orders accepted. Eg ft a g^ Ka^fe/ r -iVl-i Wli
This l-i:s!n Round Extension Table. -$45f •£fiE^ftffi£ Enameled Bed S3.45 fi*H'- Japanese Linen Warp Matting.
Top Is 44 inches across, legs are 4 You can have either a Rocker »-IIHIIIWW L»t/U, pMy^P?? A less price than is quot-
inch^a In diameter. Golden oak finish. °ran Arm Chair, and your And it really- Is a Bed. A Bed that is HS3j&!Btf\ f. d °" in £^ «fr,r^
A massive, handsome Table that would choice of woods — oak or ma- strong enough to be fully guaranteed. ( fJ2§ft£fX3$2t tine in most stores
graoo anv dining-room hnganized birch. Genuine leath- If anything breaks we'll make good — ¦ ESS K« EJ*» Sold in rolls of -0 yards
The finish is not as perfect as we «, hair filled. cheerfully, gladly. Double and three- 'Htt&ri or 40 yards.
would like, hence the remarkably low No mail or telephone orders quarter sizes. "° mai or tele P" ona orders
price. Nq mail or telef. hone orders accepted. ( - accepted. No mail or telephone order* accepted. sr^7j<» accepted.
BO3O MARKET , CTREEfffy Opposite McAllister. ASick Man Slashes Ills Throat.
The death of John Selligo, a cook.
53 years old,, residing at ,5%; Grant
avenue, was \ reported to < {he Coroner
yesterday by the: attending physician.
Dr. A. A. Poehner. Selligo found him
self on last Tuesday , suffering from"
atangulated hernia and 'the. doctor, was
Denies Charge of Kase.
Elizabeth ;M. Bloom, administratrix
of. the estate of M. G. Winter, yester-'
day filed an answer to the petition of
Thomas W. Kase for a citation direct
ing her, to appear before Judge Coffey
and show cause why she had failed to
file an account. She denies Kase's
charges that she is mismanaging the
estate~and" also' denies that he has any
interest in the estate under an assign^
nient made to him by Josephine Win
ter of her interest in the' estate.' '.'.Mrs:
Bldom; ( also says that she is ready, ta
file an account, but prefers td await
the determination of several suits in
which she and Kase are interested and
which affect the estate. i
beat, else : he might have known that
As for using vulgar language of'
threatening -to see that the complain
ant is deprived of his star, as he has
alleged, I was not such a fool as to
help his case by doing anything of
that kind. The worst I" said was to
request him to remember that I was
not a dog and would not submit to
being treated as one. I said that after
he had slammed me around."
It was an earnest and eloquent plea.
Judge Fritz took the case under ad
visement till next ¦ Saturday, as he
desires to ascertain whether the ferry
depot is under the police jurisdiction
of the municipality or of the State.
BOY SAVAGELY ATTACKED
BY A UJS'IOX STABLEMAN
Elmore Contonwine Followed From an
Employment Office to Stables nnd
Knocked Senseless.
A cowardly attack was made upon
Elmore Contonwine, 18 years of age,
by a union stableman on Friday after
noon and yesterday Contonwine se
cured a warrant from Police Judge
Cabaniss for the^ arrest of his assail
ant on a charge of battery. His name
is not known, but the police have an
accurate description of him from peo
ple that witnessed the cowardly as
sault.
; Contonwine secured employment,
through the agency of a Clay-street
employment office, in the St. Lawrence
stables on Post street. When he left
the employment office he was followed
by one of a number of . union stable
men that hang around that locality.
Contonwine started t or the St. George
stables on Bush street and just as he
reached there .the. jnan that had fol
lowed him rugjied up to him and sav
agely attacked him, knocking him
senseless. The burly assailant , then
rah away. ... :
The annual Government expenditures
for the promotion of agriculture are:
$4,500,000 spent by the States and $6,250.
000 by the National Secretary of Agri
culture.
"I had;a perfect right. to sell papers
In the depot,'', the defendant Informed
Judge Fritz, "as for six • months or
longer" I have" held* a' special permit
from the Harbor Commissioners to do
so. This policeman is new. on the
Joe Bernardi, "King of the News
boys," ably conducted his own de
fense against the charge of disturbing
the peace which had been filed against
him by Policeman O'Keefe. He was
arrested at the ferry depot for pur
suing his vocation of selling news
papers, and O'Keefe and two other
policemen testified that he had used
vulgar language before and after he
was taken into custody. Several news
boys, however, said O'Keefe had start
ed the trouble by calling "TheJKing"
a "big loafer". and roughly ejecting
him from. the denot, "
Louis Hasslagen, a nineteen-year
old incorrigible, will be put aboard a
whaling ship to-morrow and dispatch
ed to the Arctic. He was arrested on
complaint of his mother, who said that
no reformation of character whatever
had been effected by the three month's'
imprisonment to which Judge Mogan
had sentenced him for vagrancy. In
deed, his incarceration with seasoned
criminals had made him more vicious
than ever.
"What this youth needs is com
pulsory labor and severe disciplining,"
said his Honor to Mrs. Hasslagen,
"and he will get both aboard a whal
ing ship. For your sake I hope to
hear of his return from sea with
chastened spirit."
alternative of paying $40 or spending
forty days in prison.
Boy Falls Two Stories.
Leland McGlenon, 14 years of _.ge»
living at 1SS4 Howard street and em
ployed as an errand boy at the Cali
fornia Wire Cloth Works, Fifteenth
and Harrison streets, met with a seri
ous accident at the works about 1
o'clock yesterday . morning. He "was
For Sale — Stock in Metropolitan Laun
dry Co. — $5000. 49 shares of preferred
stock and 23 shares of common stock.
Joseph F. Clark. 48 Market st. City. •
Harry Melville, an ex-Soldier, Ar
rested for Depleting the Stock of -
R. D. Davis & Co.
Harry Melville, formerly a member
of the Sixty-fourth Coast Artil
lery, was arrested yesterday afternoon
by Detectives Bunner and Freel 'and
locked up in "the tanks" pending fur
ther Investigation. He has been em
ployed for six weeks by R. D. Davis &
Co., Geary street and Grant avenue.
The firm complained to the police
that it had missed many articles and
Detectives Bunner and Freel were de
tailed on the case. They went to the
store yesterday afternoon and caught
Melville sending out a package which
contained a number of toilet articles
and a pair of corsets. He acknowl
edged that he had stolen the articles,
but denied having stolen anything else.
Bunner and Freel started an inves
tigation and were not long in recover
ing $300 worth of dresses, skirts,
cloaks and toilet articles, which Mel
ville had either sold to different peo
ple or presented to them. They are
still continuing their investigation.
Prefers Charges Against Policeman
Felix F. Dougherty for Drinking
in Saloon While on Duty.
Police Commissioner H. W. Hutton,
Special Chief of Police for 1129 Du
pont street, has also constituted him
self a special detectLve to watch over
the actions of the force while on duty.
As a result he preferred charges
against Policeman Felix F. Dougherty
yesterday of entering, loitering in and
drinking in the saloon of Thomas H.
Ferguson, 534 California street.
It is alleged by the Commissioner
that he saw Dougherty enter the sa
loon at 12:15 o'clock yesterday morn
ing and leave at 12:30 o'clock, and
that while Dougherty was in the
saloon he paid for and swallowed a
decoction resembling liquor. Dough
erty was in uniform at the time, being
temporarily assigned to that beat. He
has been six years on the force and
has been fined twice.
A few days ago the Commissioner
saw a white man enter a Chinese
liquor store at 636 Jackson street and
purchase 5 cents' worth of whisky. He
complained to the board and the pro
prietor's license: was revokedffor vio
lating the rule not to sell liquor to a
white man.
SPECIAL CHIEF IIUTTOX
IX ROLE OF DETECTIVE
ACCUSED OF STEALING
FROM HIS EMPLOYERS
walking along a temporary floor on
the roof of the factory, when he over
balanced and fell through a hatchway
to the main floor. He was taken to
the St. Thomas Hospital at Page and
Laguna streets, where it was found
that his elbow and wrist were dislo
cated and his arm broken.
called in. On Tuesday, while the pa
tient's wife was absent, Selligo cut his
throat with a dull penknife, barely
penetrating the skin. He died last
Friday night of hernia and the phy
sician reported the matter to the
Coroner. As death occurred from
hernia there will be no inquest,
"If it's all the same to you,** said Po
lice Judge Mogan to SIgnor Carmelo de
Cenarruzabeltla, 19-year-old candidate
for matrimony, 'Til call you Mr. C.
And you. madame." to Senora Josefa
Magunaurrecoechea, mother ¦ of the
5»uth, "I wtll save time by addressing
as Mrs. M."
No objection was m&de to the nornen
datural curtailment, but Mrs. M, .did
object most strenuously to her son be
coming the husband of 18-year-old
E'.olsa. Amenta, despite the fact that
he was bound by every consideration
of honor to do that very thing, and was
eager to do It.
"Ah, heaven.** said the Senor& M.,
"what's to become of me if he the wife
must rapport 7**
Mr. C. fleclared ' ability *«d wtiling
cess to provide bread tor both wife and
mother, but the matron remained obdu
rate.
"If you withhold consent from this
union proposed by your ¦on, who seems
to be a very manly " fellow," said the
Judge, "we must have a guardian ap
pointed for him and thus release him
from your control. Justice to this girl
demands that ehe be made your daugb
tcrvln-law, and that right speedily, and
I intend to see that Justice Is done."
"Ah, then, heaven, why bother me
for consent?" said Mrs. M-, waving her
hands as If relieving them of a mater
nal burden.
Tha Spanish Interpreter took the
young couple under his protecting wing
and promised to have the guardianship
arranged, the marriage license procured
and other essential preliminaries dis
posed of before high noon to-morrow.
Sencrfta Annenta looked rather disap
pointed over the unavoidable postpone
ment cf the wefldlng, but a reassuring
emile from the groom-to-be Instantly
cleared her pretty face of care lines.
In the court of Judge Fritz twelve
good men and true retired to decide
whether Robert Jackson (colored)
should be punished for having stabbed
and killed a dog belonging to Mrs.
Bernard Terry, and Colonel Kowalsky
for the defense, ¦with able counsel for
the prosecution, endeavored to keep
cool while awaiting the verdict. The
door of the Jury-room was opened from
within and one of the dozen good and
true emerged therefrom and was evi
dently about to depart from the tri
bunal when he was sharply ordered to
go back by the lynx-eyed prosecuting
attorney. He obeyed the command, and
that closed incident No. 1.
• Soon afterward, the twelve good and
true signaled that they desired release,
and in solemn .procession they filed
out and resumed their seats in the box.
Then two \-erdict«, one of guilty and
the. other suggesting acquittal, were
handed to the clerk, but neither slip of
paper was signed. So the twelve good
and- true were ordered to return to col
lective seclusion and try it over again.
This they did,, thus closing Incident
No. 2.
Again came the. signal of readiness to
report, and again the twelve were es
corted to their box. Their verdict wu
"guilty" and unanimous. Colonel Ko
walsky then announced his Intention to
demand a rstrial on obvious grounds,
and the Judge set Tuesday aa the date
for hearing arguments • on the motion.
Thus closed incident No. 3.
For doing unto Joseph Lioynd as Jos
eph Loynd had done unto him, . John
O'Connor received a blow upon his jaw
from Joseph Loynd's fist. Then, In
stead of continuing bis retaliation in
kind, John O'Connor had Joseph Loynd
arrested for "battery.
Mr. O'Connor was mating breakfast
and reading the latest -wirings from the
disturbed Orient when the newspaper
was rudely snatched from before his
eyes by Mr. Loynd, who took It to an
adjoining table' and perused lfaa he
ate. He was deeply immersed In the
tidings from the Talu when the Jour
nal was plucked away from his vision
by Mr. O'Connor, and then he arose
and administered the blow upon the
Jaw.
Judge Mogan fined Mr. Loynd $5.
• • •
William Burns, an ex-fireman, turned
in a false alarm from the box at Eddy
and Taylor streets and he could not
explain to Judge Cabaniss Just what
prompted him to do such a silly thing.
He will be sentenced Tuesday for ma
licious mischief.
Mrs. Anna Speakman. charged with
attempting to murder Mrs. Clara Le
fevre by slashing her head and face
with a carving knife about three weeks
ago, was ready for trial yesterday In
Judge Mogan's court, but the prosecu
tion obtained a continuance for a week,
by which time Mrs. Lefevre's physician
may allow her to appear in court.
Mrs. F. W. Hobson was riding on the
rear platform of a, Powell street car
when she saw John Doe Coughlin
whipping a small horse that with two
larger animals was attached to a
wagon laden heavily with furniture.
Mrs. E. Fletcher was sitting In her
apartment at Powell and Pine streets
when she was attracted to the window
by the cracking of a whip- and the
stumbling of .horses on the street, and
she also saw Cpughlfn>e"atlng the little
horse. Both ladles telepnoned to Sec
retary Holbrobk of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals and
he had Coughlin'arrested.
Mrs. Hobson and Mrs. Fletcher ap
peared In Judge Fritz's fcourt and tes
tified in detail' that Coughlin had most
cruelly lashed the horse, a compara
tively unbroken animal, because It
balked at hauling the heavy load down
a steep hilL Blood was trickling from
a., cut over one of its eyes and one of
Its ears also bled. The .two Jadles had
never met each other and each notified
Secretary Holbrook without knowing
that the other had done or was going
to do so. Mrs. Hobson's eyes were
moist as she described the affair. Sev
eral witnesses testified for the defense
and the case was continued to enable
the attorney to subpena others.
Noah "^Tarwick, an artilleryman, tall
and stalwart, was before Judge Cab
aniss on the charge of cutting the neck
of George Woodward, another warrior,
with a pocketknife early yesterday
morning on the Barbary Coast. Wood
ward and a comrade met Warwick on
the 500 block of Pacific street and
Woodwar# addressed an opprobrious
epithet to Warwick, who, thereupon,,
stabbed him. Inflicting a slight wound.
The charge is assault to murder and it
•will be heard more fully next Tues
day.
Albert Flick and James Rodel, mes
senger boys, were simply playing "tlc
tac-toc," when they v happened to break
a glass panel in the door of a Sutter
street fruit store last -Wednesday night
and were subsequently arrested and
charged with burglary. In the posses
sion of one of the lads was j jund a
"tic-tac-toc" implement, consisting of
a piece of string with a bit of leather
attached to the end of It and It was
proved that they had spent about
twenty minutes playing the gamp be
fore the glass was broken.
"And I'll venture the assertion,"
said Judge Mogan to the defendants,
"that while you played 'tic-tac-toc' a
'rush* message was in your pocket.
However, you are not formally charg
ed with loitering, but with burglary,
and that charge is dismissed."
i. Ralph Sloan had a bundle of lottery
tickets in brie of his pockets when he
was arrested on . Market . street and
searched. Judge Mogan gave him the
Spanish Matron With Name of Many Syllables Objects to Her
Minor Son's Marriage Because It Would Deprive Her of
His Income,but Judge Mogan Decides the Boy Shall Wed
GROOM-TO- BE'S MATERNAL
RELATIVE BALKS WEDDING
THE SAN FRANCISCO OALt, SUNDAY, JUNE 5, 1904.
27
• ADVEBTISEJIENTa.
.. Bohin : :^% ;
Bf*i>siol Co. §
jp-:'Our entire display of . .-S^x£§)P
f SILVERWARE /
p has an air of good lOjfr "jJO
|v w taste and originality '/jeaj*-*,
\z especially desirable in \ J!** *'
\ Wedding Gifts \vfreefr
ADVEBTISEMENTa.
WOMAN'S BREAST
ANY LUMP 13 WOMAN'S BREAST
IS A GANGER!
Any tumor, lamp, or sore en the Up, f&oo
,cr anywhere six months Is nearly
always Cancer. They never palo
cntll almost past cure!
Two Physicians Offer $1060 if They
Fail to Care Any Single Cancer
Without KNIFE OR PAIN at HALF PRICE
for 30 dars.
Not a dollar need be paid until cared.
An Island shrub or plant cakes the cures
the most wonderful discovery on earth to-day.
Best book on cancers ever printed sent free with
testfc-ocials of thousands cured vrfconi you can
j-y, _. Bfe. A small lump
|T a ijP^v P f '*•">"• plauas In thf
¦ liavr cured iuorr
I I l'jViC~| iX J uLJ-jJ^1 1 <"*" rf ' rf - l-«u> *"y
y^^ swindle-
OR. & MRS. DR. CHAHLEY & CO.
"STRICTLY RELIABLE."
Office 25 3d Street, San Francisco, Cal.
V^Q Perfect Fitting (/|Y
\y Eyeglasses cM
\j At Moderate Cost (\
Schools and Colleges.
I^EADIN'G BUSINTP- COLLEGE OF THE
¦ WEST.
24 Pott rt.. San Franeirea. Cal.
Estab. 40 r«am. Op»n «itlr» year. <Jay anil nlrtt.
TTrtte for 60- pare catalogue (free).
New Qaar'ers— ISore Space
rrs-rxt rtooass.
Jaat move«l Into our new roonrn; new fire-
proof buiMIne. 3 «levalor«. electric lights,
•tteam fceat. Do more for Ftudent- than ever
r <•¦? ore. This la ' the college that secure* so
many positions. •
San Francisco Business College,
735 Mission St.. Ne*r Third.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
XJo-r2!nr and day school for j-ounjr ladies and
little rirU. _1_« California street. Will reopen
A.iruf t 1. 1904. Accredited to the universities.
HEV. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M. Principal.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
IR^^NGTON. CALIFORNIA.
Holds pre-eminently the confidence of 1U pa-
trons and the loyalty of lt_ pupils.
WILLIAM WALKER ANDERSON. Principal.
___________ Bcbeol for boys; 14th year
HftlTTf 0 b# '* rln " Aur - Otb: I&r ST and
Mill A etronirer faculty than • ever;
II U I I I W perfect sanitation; Illus-
trated cataloc-e. W. J.
lIEREDITH. Vice Principal, ilenlo Park. Cal.
Hitchcock Military Academy
SAN RAFAEL. CAL.
VrrUL REOPEN *oa Aueurt 1«.
Afply to the Principal./ j
'¦••- '"-:'-•.::" ' .- '- ¦ ¦¦ '••'.' ¦• '¦¦ ' •*".¦':' ADVI-RHSEMENTS. ' : '. ... .
- _ •
. j^^&^ : Th^- -great Parisian designers have created beautiful
. \ Autumn* Models which have been sent to St. Louis and
• are now being exhibited in the Liberal Arts Building. We
j^Pm have secured the duplicates and have used them to copy
S^^^Sv " Having served their purpose as models, they are of g|$ f!0
wf^Wwl no urt^ er use t0 us ' anc * so vve pl ace them on sale to-morrow jig t£&v
at a small fractional cost. Some of these are $50 Models and j^\a 111
r^r^^feiMs^^^ some of them are worth $60. While they last they all go at &B^
¦¦ ' at Tjtese Beautiful Garments Are....
' SlWS^ WiTO. Advanced Autumn styles in rich woolens— Sumatra Brown, a shade that we
flwlr iRWc are b rm gi n § out — Allies a color which Paris is going wild over — these are the prevail-
lulml^ H'K^lbv * n £ snac * es - They are masterpieces of Paquin, Raudnitz, Redfern and Doucet. They
ffi4fi If !5^1l!_k ar ' e r ' c h*y t r ' mme d in gorgeous braids and lades and they will not be shown in America
W?fef -r ul^^l^k unt^ *he f* irst Autumn rains begin to fall.
/^^^M^^^^^^^^cK I w»r, . «. 71 The long and graceful lines masterly handled in rich
B^iiSS^^^i®^^ v VYnat* iJOUCet curV es, the exquisite style tone of this famous designer, are
#||^|||P^^^^^^ I iS NOted tOr. | we ll defined in these beautiful- suits.
m{^^M^^^^m^^^^^^r^T~' — "I —^T^ — *ra~ -. a 1 The dainty way that Redfern embellishes
.. j3^\-^S;i&feS^^I^^__p^ ¥\* • ¦ i ¦ n J* llus " rx1 * 5 a garment, so plain and yet so rich, is exem-
s~^^^^®«- ' p I Distinctly Redfern.,/ | piined in the handiwork he displays in the
charming work he has contributed to this showing.
: LADIES..... :¦ I _- c * ~* ~ * -Tru * I Paquin is noted for his profuse orna-
j^r^^^^^^^^^ The Myle Treatment mat mentation . He has distinguished himself
: I Individualizes PaqUin.,, - 1 by incorporating the dressiness of an
. advantage '---- .-.-^vw.-w.-.-.l' evening gown into -a street costume without marring its appropriateness.
Restrictions... ''¦¦ : ' :^iF*& n *^ r wo a y s###
makers, and no mail or- _ S^™v* AYL.^^-^^ so as to avoid any possible
ders will be filled. " ¦ '• &ssS , disappointment.
ASVEBTISE2-_ENTSL
Beautifully upholstered, tapestry covering, choice
of colors, mahogany finish. A thoroughly up-to-date
set, that has no equal for the money. We have an
immense* store filled with everything needed in the
finest to. humblest of homes; and the fact of our having
no rent to pay enables us to sell 20 per cent lower than
anywhere else in this city. We are offering bargains
in every department each day. Call and let us show
you our stock. Our prices will sell our goods. \
S£ J. Noonan Furniture Co.
1017-1023 Mission St., Above Sixth. j"Bllliger," exclaimed Mrs v McSwat,
"you are not going away without
mending your broken lock on the front
door, are vou? Anybody could open it
and come right in!"
"O, Lobelia, Lobelia!
Nobody'll come to steal "'e!"
he hummed, and out he went, whistling
the latest popular air.
Under the auepict« of the executive
committee of the Foresters of America
and under the direction of George C.
Lary the fair and carnival at the cor-
Amid Cheers, Music and Fire
works, Queen Marguerite
Beceives Crown and Key
HIGH CARNIVAL
BY FORESTERS
crowds. To-day promises to be a big
day.
.The executive committee haying the
affair in charge is composed as follows:
Joseph Gallagher, chairman; D. Teare,
H. R. Simon, E. R. Zion, J. Gorflnkel,
C. Heyden, R. Steinman, Max Baruth,
Thomas J. Emery, J. Label, F.,Pink
ham, William McDowell. D. P. Casey,
R. E. Hancock and T. F. Gibbons.
In the wake of the queen's retinue
came the floats arid heralds, the chil
dren of the court and the members of
the order. The queen arrived at the
grounds about 9 o'clock. The corona
tion ceremopy was then performed.
Following that came speeches by Grand
Chief Ranger John H. Foley, Past
Grand Chief Ranger Senator E.I. Wolfe
and Master of Ceremonies Daniel
Teare. 'Mayor Schmitz was expected
but failed to appear. After the
speeches Lackenbach's band played
while acrobats performed gyrations be
fore the throne chair.
. The crowd which packed the in
cloEure surged forward and back, visit
ing the various shows and booths of
refreshment and games of chance. All
seemed, to be enjoying themselves and
the voices of the sideshow barkers, the
ner of Eleventh and Market streets
was Inaugurated last night. The dem
onstration began with a parade that
started from the Palace Hotel a little
after 8 o'clock, when Queen Marguerite
Alexander, chosen from the James G.
Blaine Circle, accompanied "by her
court, followed the- escort of maids of
honor.
hum of the crowd and the reports of
fireworks fcave the scene an added life.
Among .the shows the one deserving
special mention was the stadium, where
Fraviolo loopg the loop inclosed within
a small bail, and Mangels makes a 110
foot dive. The living art studies were
also good and liberally patronized.
Among the others were the ghost show,
electric theater,- old plantation, glass
blowers, Jay circus, Lilliputian Opera
Company, Cave of the- Winds, Russian
theater, Adalla the wild man, Great
Lami, Dora, evening In Hawaii, human
magnet and vaudeville. All received a
good share of the patronage.
Annexed to the main part of the fair
was tho midway, where popcorn, pea
nuts and circus lemonade was being
rapidly disposed of and where for a few
pennies one might win anything from
a horse and buggy to a phonograph.
There was little disorder, and the po
lice promptly suppressed any exhibition
of hoodlumism. The committee expects
a large attendance throughout the
eight days of the fair. The programme
will be different each afternoon and
night, and special features, . : such as
daylight fireworks, wiir attract large
The San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company sent a communication yes
terday to the Mayor and the Board of
Supervisors, in which it agrees to light
the streets and public buildings during
the next fiscal year for the $320,000
appropriated in the budget, notwith
standing that, its bids filed with the
board last Monday amount to $360,
000. The communication says:
"Last year under drastic competition
you received bids as low as 37% cents
per thousand feet for gas and .0499
teas Company Agrees to Fur
nish Illumination for the
Amount of Appropriation
LIGHTING BIDS
ARE REDUCED
"First, to supply all the gas and elec
tricity needed for every night lighting
and other municipal purposes, as un
der our present contract with the city,
but not to Include the lighting of pub
lic libraries nor. the furnishlnc of
motor power: second, to install fifty
additional arc lights and one hundred
additional Welsbach lamps, making a
total of E235 Welsbach lamps and
1062 are lights.
"The above to be furnished for the
year commencing July 1. 1904. and
ending June 30, 1905. The Installation
of the new gas lamps is to begin with
in ten days after we shall have been
furnished with a list of the locations,
and to be made at the rate of at least
fifteen per week. All gas lamps are
to be installed where we now have
mains, and reasonable discretion is to
be exercised in the location of the
additional arc lamps.
"The installation of the proposed 150
extra lights will cost this company
approximately $20,000. which, .al
though a capital expenditure, is on?
that necessarily carries a large annual
replacement and depreciation charge,
which may reasonably be put at $4003
p«r year."
per 'KWH' far electric current. Even
with these unprofitable rates the city
requirements would have amounted to
over $315,000. In the hope of in
ducing larger future appropriations,
and to assist the various committees
in proving the value of every night
lighting to the city, a blanket contract
was made for the sum of $300,000.
That contract was not and should not
be considered a basic rate' for future
contracts. -V"
"In the budget recently presented
$320,000 has been allotted for lighting,
which is approximately $30,000 less
than the proposed service to the city
would cost at low rates. In the de
sire, however, to preserve the good
relations which have hitherto existed
and which we hope to maintain, with
the hope that our corporation will be
come a* beneficial factor in the life of
the city, and with the belief that
future appropriations will afford more
adequate compensation for the ser
vices rendered, I am authorized by my
directors: to agree for the above-men
tioned sum of $320,000. payable in
monthly installments of $28,666 66
THE SAN ; FRANGISGO. CALL', SUNDAY; JUNE 5/ : 1904.
28
Tlic breath of life that in-
duces refreshing sleep can be
had In the cool outside rooms
adrertlAcd to-day.
Read the ROOMS TO I/ET
columns — then Investigate.
SEE THE PHOTOGRAPHS.
First Esquimaux School in the
Arctic. Zone.
NEXT, SUNDAY CALL.
1 ' ' ' ~~ .. " PKAGERS •
PRAGKRS I PRAQERS I PRAGERS ' m^:^^....:. J^^^fS^ ' ~~ ¦ ™
r^# l?j£i ¦ %A eHdS T-* 4T\ —Well -known makes of the R. & G. corsets. — Sv &sZS&3Bt&i!$§W About 10,000 yards of fine cambric and rnuslin A A /\£/*^k if
KJT yX'itfj&T fcfyJtttJ'w jr^nch coutille and are made after the latest French ' if i I mtSr tions are from i to 2 inches wide and 'the edgings 2 JLJLV/ jh , l]
tl^v ; ~ ; \yy7i models. All sizes from 18 to 30 in white, black and j I to 10 inches wide. There is a big variety ot bcautitul a yard. I h '" \ ||| .
$V\ •¦¦ JS-* I drab - These corsets have been sold regularly at $2.00. designs. They are regular 20c values. | I «' ij
?M?W ¦ Daintiest, and Fluffiest Underwear for ?5gfe Most, Attractive House Furnishings <Jj|ni§
A"F,^ Women Just, Unpacked for This fcii^i^^^^ of Every Description at, Greatest,
> t# Great, White Sale 1 &£z£&£^.*^X~&Z& . Reductions Ever Offered J11&
S CiffiJL XIEVER has there been such an array of garments as we will of .' he T^M f^thT t^U-e^m^k^ on^tiZt T 1 HESE items td! a money-saving story. There is not
r ,^§§fek N * how - Mo " da - V - The storc ™" bc a P"' cct P icture in white - ™od°s U is one of ?h Teat fea ures of our Exp'n- I an articlc for tlle llOnle ttot Ca " n °, t be - f ° Und '" S*"" >V C
\ J&^m S r ia ' ""r^Y? C ° mplC , te ° UtfitS ?! Hn ? erie haVC beC " SS^al.^HoTbe^ 'con^cted Z7ryl™lt^ . Vi"S this great white sale. Special pnees prevai. throughout
\ jmm can wVMENV° M usi^N^r A s r event - f °""" 1 — forth.ssaieo,, ly . sheets y^MXi
# Afl^^i^W' SKIRTS || i 30c each— Full double bed size sheets; worth 55c. , //5n)H8\ V
I ft<^J$i 3Sc_Short skirts made of muslin and finished with 6-inch ruffling of f SOTtiQ Fine NeW TOWeh. f* S«° CaC t~| U i! \^a *™ % \^'' ™ OxX l If; IcLA\ I V P
I / <: Yny\ «,nir Worth cor U^. ¦ jT\ . ,. L U^ f% C9c each— Full double bed size sheets; worth 85c /^5Lf\uil \ Lr
I / 1\\\ 48c"short^SSS mnilin; bottom finished with embroidery. Regular 6 S c fjf* . Good serviceable honeycomb towels, JJ G5c each-Hemstitched sheets, 72 by 50, made of fine undressed cotton MgjKffll ; K
V / / ) V value. . " Vrf? %• size 18 by 36. . %*?%*? | and nicely finished. Regular 85c values. • f^J^C?^- ' $L
C^,\ / / ( j I OSc — Long skirts made of muslin with 15-inch flounce that has two rows ' PILLOW CASES. . i8*^^\^ ' '
i \ I • \ of torchon insertion" finished at bottom with edging of same. Worth _a CJ.— ! a — k-T UK/l*?*** C^«11^«h ahJ Oc each — Good heavy pillow cases, 45 by 36; regular price I2j4c. uhm *tw
ly/V / ;' . $125. • ':-¦ \J»rCaU'OGlie Ol WniieoliKS allQ 12^ c each— Good heavy pillow cases, 45 by 36; regular price 15c \\ ']%¦[, \ fi
\.i j H j ?1.I*S — Long skirts made of cambric with 12-inch flounce of cambric em- n 15c each — Good heavy pillow cases, 50 by 36; regular price 20c. ft |l j #
V / l\l broidery, heading of three rows of tucking. Worth $2.00. . f\ WAe V O/*if^#|e 12 J4c each— Hemstitched pillow cases, 45 by 36; regular price I7j^c. H 'J|J ;|!a
, § I si 9*»^» — Short skirts of cambric with 12-inch flounce of lawn with lace m s WlCd3 VvUu) BED SPREADS n I «r^
t ¥ i- « T h ' d at b f ott T- ith th :"; nch h c ' un> ( t his I . zzzrT^nz? M <* 7a^ T izv° mh bedspr - d - h ' mm «- " ready for ""¦¦ SoM eIse - Ysih n>
Y M$*^ %S , 5 -inch n «k of „„„ 2.,e a y ard-Whi t e and SSSfiinfa, silk; p Or = si ,k. »1^2d M.'i & hemmed or cd S .d with fringe. Worth jMW\^
|%i, jT^ edged ,vi:h 6-inch ruffl. of embroidery headed w.th htmstitched tucks. BOc a yard-White and cream taffeta; fully guaranteed. A«k ra^%S.BO and ?4.95-Extra fine Marseilles spreads; worth $3.50. /f%J7 I W
l\ i *^./ Keguiar * xor tr ragerjs jiurcKa. . , -» *3 >T" yt fr ,^
hi?£ s -£/'j9V&, • DRAWERS. 2Sc, 33c and 4Oc a yard— 20 and 27 inch white Japanese ?4-5o and $6.50. WMTTT? m ANTf T7T«5 ' F f i\ f /A
Ji'A&xs 32c— Made of muslin, full width bottoms finished with «5-tnch hemstitched silk for waists, underwear and children's wear. . . , ,Vi ki,«i^.. .«»» ,'«^ Mr m t • V ¦ •/ j X I \'[ EU
with two rows ot tuckine. wortn .-\Oc. outing wear ¦ • «•> wn • kt u t • nrth */« _^^Si^ oy'KJL IXv''
el^^) !^^^^^^^^^§ 400^ yard-36 d inch bi n,e,ro S e. a washable materia. of woo,. « $5 . 5 O and $ 6. 5 o; ffif^g^k
I It v^frTXv\ > O8c— Made of soft cambric with fine tucks finished at bottoms with .vinch 75c a yard— 45-inch Egyptian crepe, a soft, crepey goods TABLE LINENS. MriV'r 1 f ?/ V y AT
I LV^ (\ 1 NiViS ruffle of guipure embroidery edging. Worth $1.00. which clings to the figure. 25c a yard— Snow white bleached table damask in the choicest designs, 'WffliM'l f/ik
I 7 /( \ XVv ijs «»c— Made of a good crade of cambric with four rows of tucks: bottoms 43c a yart i_36-inch Albatross, which' is more popular than including dots, ferns, fleur de lis, rosebuds. W : M\h WJ
Ct // \ VVV l s\ finished with Cluny insertion and edged with Cluny lace. Reeular ever . 45c a yard— Heavy shrunk table damask, full bleached, 64 inches wide. '¦^mJJj) W AW
1 S><y ' \ \|\V^ ro ° rawers - , . ,/.... . '' One of the best wearing linens money can buy. . . , t j '// Ji f
'VnVl "^^^ilSP^ii §* at ° m ' Everything White in Women's' Irish dima!k> 2 yards wide; """ " EOOd " %
r ***. l\ I GOWNS. ' ¦¦ ii r 1 1 ¦ 11,, I. -m 'i 75c a yard — Pure Scotch table linen, 2 yards wide. It cannot be bought 'SOJl^ \
Y-JUJ 4Sc — Made of muslin with yokes of tucking and lace or embroidery. »• g» \KT *-«-— A __^1 elsewhere for less than $1.00 a yard. ««^^t.)!«> V
J £33*21 Worth 65c. - PlCWoliniinSr W CGrinS/Tki>wflr61 »7« a yard— Full 2-yard wide table linen; sold everywhere at $1.25 and «*~n=i.-= -I
V 2Si^C% 73c— Made of good rnuslin: yokes of clusters of tucking alternating with *^ * * $1.35 a yard. ' TvTVT^r ' L^\
_ 4U? y embroidery insertion. The neck and sleeves are finished with narrow — __» ur , , ,, . NAPKINS , l-tflrlP'
€*P hemraed ruffles - A rceular $I0 ° gown - T P u 1C f S n / ark u d ? n theSC u SU1 u mer arm . en 25c]H dozen-Odds and ends of white napkins; pnly % dozen in set. . Pfip J
Jk ' J^^^li S3c_Made of cambric with deep yokes of hemstitched tucks and embroid- | are absolutely the lowest they have ever been Others at 48c,. up to $1.00 half-dozen. All are worth • double the /* a *\<jsW^L I
(*** 6^*j^^» cry insertion and finished with hemstitched ruffling around the neck and ¦*• SO 1(J a t. Every one is a perfect creation. price. • y^^>^WV i
I frz^^Sr down the front, also sleeves. Worth $1.10. wwttp" nT?TT^<?F«? 08c a dozen— Good, full bleached dinner napkins, that will wash and J p'.\V»*^v'CV > d
*%T T^f^ S8c — Made of splendid qualitv of muslin. Front yoke of double tucking a «,^ _ n '_ vvnuauRMOM. . we ar well €? fv
%,^ - alternating with torchon insertion Worth $1.25. . ". * frcV^M am 'exdtrive M us^bf scaf'to a^p ? ?l-«" dozen-Heavy soft finish full-size dinner napkins; worth $,.00 fr^B8|^fel
* 98c— Made of cambric with orettv vokes 01 torchon insertion arid* em- a F c bcautilul and exclusive. Must be seen to bc appre- . J . * V^^^^^SXvSS
/ broidery beading run with wash ribbons of different corors. The neck aoS^S-Beautfful wWtTVrench" voile dresses most elabo- ** - 0!5 » dozen-Extra large heavy Scotch napkins; worth $2.50. * ? S»^J
/ <M*Fi and sleeves are finished with torchon lace. Worth $1.50. *-..*.«»— Bcautitul white lrcneli \01le droscs. most elaDo- dozen— \\\ of our $1 00 and S^o naokins
wiT V^*-P\ (1 m m-,^^ r,t rrnnH nnnUtv of ramhrir with msnv Ktvios nf vnkps in cm rately trimmed with taffeta silk bands and ornamented £;* •**" a aozc "~-j'' ° L ou . r . *-'-oo ana 0 o napKins. , . -^--
«fj s* W \ 3Si.i.>— Made ot good qualitv ot campnc \Nitn man> bt>ics onokes m em- j mpr1-illir.n« Wnrth t^R-n rpmihrlv up to ip4.5O — Napkins worth Irom $4.50 to $7.00 a dozen. - t^-ei^i&ir/a&l
V*S- rv \ broiderv, lace and fine tuckinpr. also with beadinpr run with ribbon. -The .with silk, medallion?. Worth 52b o 0 regularly. i v . -+ 3 •?/ \^^~T9Ck^* J
H&f^^it^ \ ™ ck an " d cuffs are finished with lawn ruffling. Worth $1.75. SHIRT WAIST SUITS. ' ' LINEN SETS. •
l \«^il? r f V \ $1«28— Made of fine qualitv of cambric with yokes of guipure insertion $3.05 up to ?C75 — A^ new line o£ pretty white shirt waist ?3.50 — 1 dozen hemstitched linen napkins and one hemstitched table s S ?/////- j*'^&$
Kpjn*/ %/ / ) and briar stitching. Neck and cuffs are finished with narrow embroid- suits, handsomely tnrrfmed and inserted. There are many cloth, 8 by 10. • f (rff'i'Lr*& f
kj'v'/ tJLy^^y^ cry. A regular $2.00 value. styles to select from and all are worth double the price 96.00 — Hemstitched set complete, 8 by 10, with open work designs; f 8* y2^^-\W
\*&4&r/C;' CORSET COVERS. asked. worth $10.00. • \rzl A^V**^ *r
V^ ww\ • * l2c —^ Iade of rnuslin with vokes of fine tucks alternating with embroidery MISSES' WHITE DRESSES. 97.95 up to $15.00 — Elegant linen sets complete; regular $12.50 values j^y 'vt"^?*^^
*^' N v MvJ insertion. The neck is finished with narrow embroidery. Worth 50c. $2.25 and upward— A complete line of misses' dresses of and worth up to $20.00. • £—jf f^^^Oi
l\ fr 'Wifi 35c — Made of cambric with yokes of tucking, lace or embroidery; square, pretty white materials; assorted styles. Sizes 8 to 14 TOWELS. \^^^P
C\ \ P-ilil round or V neck. Worth soc. years. c eacn — Good, serviceable honeycomb towels, size 18 by 36.
4Sw ¥¦ fun *^^ c — M a^ e ?' so^ carnbric wjth yokes of Valenciennes insertion, finished SKIRTS l-3c each — Hemmed huck towels; size 16 by 32. Worth $1.20 a dozen. Q»C/~^L m
'/{/lM with edging of same: round and square neck. Regular 6.qc value. R1.45— Piaue skirts nicelv made with embroidery inserting 10c each— Huck towels, 18x36; worth $1.50 a dozen. J<l^'-K^
/ /TX\C VlilX 42c— Made of a good quality of cambric with yokes of Cluny insertion and ' xj iere are about 1 ?o in the lot They would be Rood 12l /* c each— Huck towels, 19 by 36; worth $2.00 a dozen. <&&*£&&
¦ /// Jl W // j'A Irish point embroidery finished with narrow hemstitched rufflinjr of values at $2 -»- lOc each — Fine soft finish German huckaback towels in plain white or /&Sg2^g&S&c ' v?iV
"l/nl I A {¦ ll\\ lawn and ribbon bows. Worth 75c. ¦_£! with red and blue borders. Sold everywhere at 25c. . /^E3^?v\. \ \ \\^
¦ ''!' I W / ftl-«\ 4^ C —^^ a^c of pink, blue, black and white lawn, with long sleeves, high neck n , ... 25c each— Extra large hemstitched linen towels with pretty damask de- /^/\Y \ \ V\\V
I / \\. rJ ||j| VV an<^ pearl buttons down the front.. Fast colors. Worth 75c. • A>^"% Women's New Shirt. Waists. /r\*r\ signs woven through, size 22 by 90. Usually sell at $4.00 a dozen. / M'^A V \\ \Vv
\y^ *~Jr$ '¦'• \\ **^° — Made of soft nainsook with vokes of hemstitched tucking edced all Cz^c./'* Thousands of shirt waists, in- 6Jr£j-^ 15c each — Large size fringed damask towels, soft finish, fine bleached. / )X^V M" '" I E 1 1!
YsJ~~ "• ftT>J^\. i : \ arnt;nd with Valenciennes lace. Regular 75c values. H^IimC eluding all the popular brands f^f^f " F rm & e > s A l A inches deep and knotted. Worth $J.5o a dozen. / /V-J I i j"
Wm: '.jljVvX YVy^lji X **^ c — Made of fine nainsook with clusters of tucks down the front and \J\J^f and choicest styles ever shown \J\J^t ' /<^5j I lit
¦ ¦/iil<^j'\^ v/tfit yoke of Cluny lace. The neck and armholes are finished with the same in the city. /Aft&1x*MfesJL* Pin/
tf^M\ i la "' Wor!h? ''°°' ' __= . ' > .. . . Mm . ' New Wash Goods Imported for . AwSSkS
fe^S Immense Assortment of Infants' and White Specials m Mdlmery , This Great White Sale W^^l
l^^l^r Children's Wear Clearance Sale , * . FANCY WH i T e goods. . •
L '""^ \*m.m.\m.\m.m. wii »j t t vui i . g ._, c _ yard— Satin finish white goods in pretty checks, Stripes, etc., / '** ''&tffcWiiq™
> /3^% SLIPS HT ? ER 5-i St J U re i namS a VCry A a r r& £ aSSOrtpiC " t ° made 7 expressly for dresses, waists, aprons. Regular iV 2 c grade. / » m^M,
} $mEbz i ''Oe-Infant.' slips made of cambric with neck and cuffs finished with I beautiflil hats for women We have put a deal SUITINGS. . . M^I\P^1
\t&fc}^&*% narrow hemstitched ruffling. Worth 75c. of energy m this great sale to insure its success. 14 C a yard— A fine assortment ot pretty suitingl, in all white. 32 S S#A fC^^B,
\\^A^- ds 85c— Made of soft nainsook with yoke of dainty all-over embroidery The prices'are right. inches wide. They come in satin stripe and basket weave effects. . £;-5 JP^^^jB
I WptJlr finished with beadin K and ed K cd with dainty narrow lace. Regular *5.00_Haodsome white lace hats, the leading shapes of the This « a "f? yachtm8f and ° Utmg SUltS ' shirt waists ' *^f/ L^SS
PWkl $1.25 values. cAps • jeason. Reduced from $10.00 and $12.50. etc - ReSl ° Q WAISTINGS. ¦ ! \ M V^3"^
dIS^^? 38c_Infants« lawn caps with clusters of tucks and embroidering with laiosZ^eamifSta^s 0^^ of w\iU? r no«e°b"raid Regular 30c a yard-All our fancy white waitings including Oxfords, bro- Mf\
ytP^^h-, I ruching "of Valenciennes lace as of tucks and hemstitching with ruch- $600 values Ke^uiar cade d satin, piques, etc., have been reduced from 60c and 75c f^&S *{'" (£
?.. und V W T h 75C > p -i -,h v 1 • • ;• . ."OSc—White chips and white duck hats. Good for outings. . * . T ORGANDIES.. >^^ r '/W%&
fdy/L^, G9c— French cap of Persian lawn with Valenciennes insertion alternat- $1.50— White braid hats, hand-made. Worth $VSO. 25c up to 75c a yard— Imported white French organdies, 2 yards '*'•&?/
i^\y^ r 'Wi)^ r k^- ing with hemstitching edged with dainty Valenciennes lace. Worth lOc— White Tuscans for children. Just the thing for coun- wide. Fine, sheer and washable grade. They arc worth from 40c /-"^^ V-4 , — ~>^l
it^JwV*^ $1.00. . _ r y wear ¦ to $1.00 a yard. ¦ . C t **'"'*•% ¦','
* Ju) j; c — Infants' cap made of fine Swiss all-over embroidery in Teneriffe , .,'.., , , '. > ' . ' ' ¦""¦•¦ '"' ' ' Ok % \ rsJiii
"^ /'W^^ patterns; very full niching made of narrow lace all around, finished GS&^-'TdS'kw - ~~~ ; ~| $F$-J^k*£/C\v?'
r i\n£^* l^S vrith pretty bows of wash ribbon. Worth $1.50. l$i PtIs tf^ • % ' \V'&' ]> |\ - :
W trK^VLMV CHILDREN'S DRAWERS. Hi LJfcf *) 1 lCT*4t* Hf%Pf*lAl 'V^P'^^'tA^
(U&2Z <x&**}\ 23c_Fine white gauze cotton flounce drawers with waistband of mus- MfmL |§|i X>»^*«tt \jrg*WW**a* [fw^ $ ' r^'
\ V>(^rr? ! with lace bcadinjr and run with narrow ribbon. White only. YkHt^^ **5^ v&^\& JtiQ&r^ w fl O 4+\ m Vi \ ff
L-^vS^ _J!!ll!!l_==^^ i\|y -^y c°*r- Jackson Square Cigars | (
C $$ — i — Ji At^V'AY'S RELIABLE. Bands Qod for f[z^ \ \\
J ' JSktik 0» nff^ff"IA0Ani^ A Catalogue is now ready. Send us Jr 1 * 1238* 1250 IVTAUKPT ST £7 ' / VV X A
T $$M CyJ tIOLliliiyil\ your namc and addrcss and we win I UQO JL^Q^I^IAICJVJII OI.jqmes « £ . « \A i % n
L;Pm£&^tf*\ rSilL If Ulil\u ma V;? u °T Cou T y orders flilcd All the Shopping Inducements That Have | fOa • • Zjfi i %>^
* iItfcl 1W carefully and promptly. . • »*•-•« *PK5« C#^ n 1 A- C*ni U • *W» G& «W %S . .f^C
Ot l^Corv^S^^^ — Made Tnis Store Popular Are Still Here. | . . ,GENERAL GEORGE STONE* CHAIR
MAN OF THE REPUBLICAN
STATE CENTRAL COMMITTEE.
Baxter read only the Bible and best
enjoyed the prophecies of Isaiah and
the Psalms ¦ ;.
"Dat so?"
"Yes; lost his razor whilst dey wus
a-baptizin' of him, en couldn't go ter de
strewberry party."— Atlanta Constitu
tion. . ' -
"Dey tells me B'rer Johnson is suin'
de preacher ln Jestice court." . .. -
The United, States Civil Service Com
mission announces an examination on
June 29 at San Francisco for medical
interne in the Government Hospital
for the Insane at Washington, D. C.
The salary Is $600 per annum and the
minimum age limit 20 years. Appli
cation should be made to the United
States Civil Service Commission,
Washington, D. C, or to the secretary
of the local board, 301 Jackson street,
this city. V-
Medical Internes Wanted.
The foUowInr 1b th« programme for the
concert at Oolden Gate Park to-day. Paul
Btetndortf, conductor:
PAKT I.
"Star Spanxled Banner"
....77. National anthem U. 8. A.
/The' audience la requewted to arise and remain
Ftandlng during the rendition of thl» num
1 "American Citizen"..^ E. SchmlU
2 Overture, "Calif of Bagdad".. J... .Bolldleu
t Walt*. ¦•Monrentlatur".. .Btrauaa
4 Solo for cupftonlum. orolocue from
"Pa*llaccr Leoncavallo
Walter Colvcrd.
6. Grand fantasfe. "La Travlata" Verdi
PART II.
C. Overture. "William Tell" .Rosiilnl
7. "Album Leaf * ..Warner
8. Fak*!tane No. 1 Myerbefir
8 (n) "Danse de« Sultans" I^. nlel "
<b) Intermezzo, "The Gondolier" Powell
10. Selection. ••Itobln Hood" De Kovtn
Mtt£lc in the Park To-Dny.
In the best practice match of the
day Frank Mitchell and Herbert Long
won from Charles G. Kuehn and Carl
Gardner in two straight sets. ."While
the tennis was not particularly high
class, both sets were extremely close
and each team had a chance until the
last point had been won.
The scores follow: F. Mitchell and
H. Long beat C. G. Kuehn and C.
Gardner, 6-4,- 12-10; M. Long beat Dr.
Lovegrove, 6-1, 6-1; H. Haight beat
R. B. Cornell, 6-1, 6-3; J. D. Mac-
Gavin beat C. Gardner, 6-4, 6^-3;
Pritchard beat O'Hara, 6-2, 6-0/6-1:
Pritchard and Spring • beat O'Hara
and Green, 6-2, 7-5, 6-4.
One tournament match was played
during the day. In it Melville Long
easily defeated Dr. Lovegrove in two
straight sets. This match was to de
termine who should meet G. M. Guerln
In the final of the fourth class tourna
ment, which was started on the courts
ln Golden Gate Park three weeks ago.
Long and Guerin are both credited
with two wins of the handsome three
time cup, consequently one of them
will gain it permanently by to-day's
match.
It seems likely the match for the
tennis championship of San Francisco,
which Is scheduled for to-day, will.be
postponed. Percy Murdock, who is to
meet Champion MacGavin in the chal
lenge match, has been ill for two days
past and unless there is marked im
provement ln his condition it will be
necessary to postpone the match.
The courts of the California Club
were deserted yesterday, owing. to the
hot weather. A few of the more en
thusiastic were on hand, however, and
managed to play through two or three
sets, which, as a rule, were slow.
Alnrdock Is Taken 111 and In
dications Arc That He Cannot
Play To-Dny.
CHAMPIONSHIP TENNIS
GAME MAY BE POSTPONED
New German Corporations.
During the past year the number o.f
new corporations formed In Germany
has again decreased, showing a de
crease since the year 1899, when 364
corporations were formed. In 1900 there
were 261, In 1301 158, in 1902 87 and in
1903 but 84.— New York Commercial.
Controlling Herself. — She — I want you
to select the ring, dear.
He— But I thought you wanted to.
"I did. .But I'm afraid we can't af
ford it."— Life.
Mrs. Knowltt. — No; only wearing
black for him. — Cincinnati Times-Star.
Mrs. Suburban. — There goes Mrs
Toughmnn. Is she ln mourning for her
late husband?
WASHINGTON, June 4. — The Navy
Department has received the follow
ing cablegram from Rear Admiral
SIgsbee, dated Porto Plata, Santo Do
mingo, to-day:
"Representatives met aboard the
Detroit to-day, according to arrange
ments made with the commanding
Representatives Meet on the
Detroit and Agree to a
Cessation of Hostilities
The body of Frank Kearney, one of
the rescue party, who was overcome by
gas and fell to the bottom of the shaft
Thursday afternoon, was also recov
ered. The fall of 200 feet had evidently
killed him Instantly. All three of the
victims were burled at McCabe to-day.
PRESCOTT, Ariz., June 4.— After for
ty hours of desperate effort, the party
of rescuers at work at the Hackberry
mine, in the Bigbug district, came to
the bodies of the two imprisoned min
ers, Mason King and Perry Hawkins,
late last night. The men were impris
oned by the fire which broke out at the
mouth of the mine last Thursday. Both
were dead when found, evidently hav
ing been suffocated in an effort to reach
the surface after the fire broke out.
Two Men Imprisoned in
the llackberry Property
in Arizona Are Dead
Company B, Fifth Infantry, has
been practicing at a 200-yard ransa
near San Jose. The men found it dif
ficult "to get the hang" of the new
rifles at that distance and made poor
scores, but will keep trying until they
become perfect.
Company I, Fifth "* Regiment, cf
Livermore is doing well with the new
rifles at three distances, and Company
D of the same regiment is setting a
200-yard range in condition.
Colonel J. F. Burgin, adjutant of
the Second Brigade, has been awarded
a gold medal for twenty years' ser
vice In the guard.
SANTO DOMINGO
TO HATE PEACE
RESCUERS FIND
LIFELESS MINERS
H. *H. Frost, a prominent attorney
of Xew York, is at the St. Francis.
C. Perry Lindsley of Spokane, a
pioneer cedar timber man of the
Northwest and a director of the Coeur
d'Alene and Spokane Railway, is at
the Palace.
Andrea Cerri of Rome, a member
of the King's household, has been
staying at the St. Francis for several
days, during which he has received
considerable attention from the promi
nent members of the Italian colony.
Yesterday, as the guest of Dr. de 1
Yecchi, he visited AstI to Inspect the
Italian-Swiss colony's vineyards.
PERSONAL.
officer of the Detroit. Peace has been
agreed on in Santo Domingo and the
cessation of hostilities to-morrow and
the next two days to obtain the con
sent of the-* recognized government.
The Newark arrived opportunely, as
the conference made better arrange
ments. The Newark remains several
days and then goes to San Juan.
"SIGSBEE."
The campaign committee met last
night immediately after the adjourn
ment of the executive committee and
elected Charles H. Spear chairman and
R. T. Devlin vice chairman.
The California delegation to the
Republican National Convention will
meet at committee headquarters, Pal
ace Hotel. Tuesday, June 14.
The "entire State Central Committee
will meet at the Maple Room, Palace
Hotel, Saturday, June 18, at 2 p. m.
A call for a State convention to nomi
nate Presidential electors will then be
Issued. The executive committee will
meet Friday evening, June 17, to frame
the call.
The chairman was authorized to
appoint an advisory committee of
twenty-one members. Republicans
other than members of the gen
eral or executive committees will
be eligible to appointments on
this advisory board. This Is a new
departure. It Is the Impression that
the advisors will not be named until
after adjournment of the next State
convention.
NEW DEPARTURE.
vote of thanks was tendered to William
M. Cutter of Yuba, the retiring chair
man, and to Charles E. Snook of Ala
meda, the retiring secretary. Chair
man Stone announced the following
pub- committee appointments:
Campaign committee — C. : H. Spear, chair
mar. :• J. O. Hayes. W. B. Coffey, Thomas
Flint Jr.. J. W. McKlnley. F. A. Schmttx,
R. T. Devlin. P. S. Teller. A. II. Ashley.
Alien Anderson. T. H. Selvage.
Flnanc<> — J. V. Spreckels. chairman r J. K.
WU*on. C. H. Spear. I. W. Hellman Jr., H.
TV. L.j-nrh. J. S. Slausson. J. O. Hayes, w. B.
Coffey -E. F. Woodward. P. S. Teller, F. A.
Schmiti.
Registration— R. T. D«vlin, T. H. Selvage,
Alden Anderson. W. . S. Wood. E. F. Wood
ward. L. A. Wright. A. H. Ashley, J. A.
Britton. H. W. Lynch.
Literature — J. O. Hayes, chairman; J. r).
Fprock^ls J. A. Hrltton, Alden Anderson. J. 8.
Blaunson, Thomas Flint Jr., E. F. Wood-
Auditing — I. W. Hellman, chairman; W. B.
C °lleral— W.' E. Wood. R. T. IWlln. A. H.
Artier. L- A. Wright. J. W. McKinley. T. H.
Selvage. • ....
On motion of J. O. Hayes the chair
men was authorized to appoint a cam
paign committee of eleven, a finance
committee of eleven, registration com
mittee of nine, literature committee of
feven, legal committee of six and au
diting committee of three.
On motion of Charles H- Spear a
The newly appointed executive com
mittee cf the Republican State Central
Committee of California met at the
Palace Hotel last night and organized
by the election of General George
Stone of San Francisco as chairman;
E. F. Woodward of Sonoma County,
secretary, and Jacob Steppacher, as-
Fistant secretary. The committeemen
attending were: R. T. Devlin, Sacra
mento; E. F. Woodward, Sonoma;
Charles II. Fpear, John A. Britton and
P. S. Teller. Alameda; Alden Anderson,
Sulsun; J. K. Wilson, George Stone, W.
S. Wood. Frank Schmitz and Dr. W.
B. Coffey, San Francisco; J. O. Hayes,
Santa Clara; Thomas Flint Jr., San
Ecnito; A. H. Ashley, San Joaquin; J.
W. McKlnley. Los Angeles; H. W.
Lynch. Ran Luis Obispo, and L. A.
Wright. Ban Diego.
Senator Woodward presented the
proxy of T. H. Selvage of Humboldt
and J. W. McKinley the proxy of J. S.
Slausson of Los Angeles.
The meeting was called to order by J.
O. Have?, vice chairman of the old
committee. Charles E. Snook, the re
tirir.c secretary, read the official letter
of Judge A. G. Burnett announcing the
appointment of the new committee.
Charles H. Fpear nominated GeorRe
Store for chairman. On motion of
Thomas Flint Jr. the secretary was di
rected to cast the ballot for General
Stone. The newly chosen chairman
thanked hi? associates for the honor
conferred and promised to devote his
time ami energies to promote Repub
lican success. R. T. Devlin nominated
John A- Britton for first vice chair
man, J. W. McKinley nominated. J. O.
Hayes for secend vice chairman, Alden
Ar.dtrs'jn nominated E. F. Woodward
for secretary, Thomas Flint nominated
Jam?s K. Wilson for treasurer. All
were elected. On motion of W. S.
Wo«d. J. Steppacher was elected as
sistant secretary by a rising vote.
STANDING. COMMITTEES.
George Stone Chosen
to Manage the
Campaign.
REPUBLICAN
COMMITTEES
ORGANIZES
THE SAN FRANCISCO ; CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 5, 190J.
29
ADVEHTISEMEKTS.
¦ - ; — _ -
£ The body requires ten glasses of
|| rtuid per day. Most people drink too little to M
i$f flush the body of its waste. The result is bad y,
... V blood, nervousness, disease. ~ /[
|j Then the doctor says "Drink More;" and he ( I
IS- knows this advice to be worth . more than "
pf| That's one reason why pure beer is good for you. f^\
Y?> It leads you to drink more. And the beer is *S
|Ua also a food and a tonic. But the beer must be pure. rxU
|P| Schlitz beer is brewed in absolute cleanliness and jj|j
V cooled in filtered air. It is aged for months \Y
|\ so it will not cause biliousness. /.( I
I) That's why doctors say Ask for the (!})
lc-4 JBrcwcrv Bottlin2[. • £-*
tLos Aniees- SHERWOOD &. SHERWOOD-San Francisco- Se=±
"The Beer That 4 Made Milwaukee famous: S
GRAFE-inrrs.
MAC'S LUCK
TIjp Vounjr Woman Reporter's Story.
The following food tale written by a
clever young newspaper woman Is a
true story that came under her per-
*onal observation:
"I have been with the (a paper in
a California town) for nine years and
Mac has been with us all that time and
I do not knew how much longer. Mac's
full name is MacCleHan. Before the lin-
otypes came in he was a good printer,
and was one of the first to learn the
machine, and is now, at about the ape
of 42, one of our very fastest operators.
"Last winter and the winter before
Mac. probably from constant night
work and improper food, got badly run
down, could not feat much, what little
he did t-at did not do him much good
and he always complained he could not
keep warm.
"I mifised him for a while until yester-
day I overtook him on the street going
toward the office, and hardly knew the
jnan: had It not beeji for the familiar
v-ulk I should eurely have passed with-
out recognizing him. He was stout, his
face w as round and ruddy and his eyeg
b: ipht as I had never Been them before.
"I rrJd, 'Mac, I' hardly knew you;
what on earth have you been doing
;¦• t ',-ct so fat?' He replied, 'Orape-
JCuts. nothing else. I started in on
Grape -Nuts food three months ago
when I •neighed 128 and was feeling
miserable, but now I weigh 160 and feel
better than I ever felt ln my life. I
quit my old diet and went on Grape-
Nuts and that's the whole story.' "
Name given by Poitum Co., Battle
Creek, Mich.
Exercise Is necessary, but there's no
nourishment in It and proper food
alone can supply that. Grape-Nuts for
ten days Is a pleasant trial end proves
big things.
There's a reason.
Look In each pkg. for the famous lit-
tle book, "The Road to Wcllvllle."
If you wish to buy or trade
horses or wagons our advertis-
ers will meet your wants.
Bargains in to-day's HORSE
AXD WAGON* COLUMN.
JOB EOSENBERO'S. I JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S." | JO" ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S.
...,-¦ - .• .... ;•'•"'.¦ - : •'•**.' ;i. ' • • ¦ ¦ • ¦•' ¦' - : - : -;. ; ;'- •':¦'¦•.¦ ¦' ' ¦¦.•'*¦' '.""''I — ' - '/_'' " '.'i / — *-''•''' "'"'* ' '' ji'.l ' ''*'J-«v-' .^/ ' '— j^^».ai »'l,'L.'. .J_' - •' FfnHflTn?**i WnTTlfllV
**•'*.*' *' - .V ¦*. ¦ C*>\? * - ilf!'vS.V'>'s ¦¦'-'••'' ' "'¦' ' ' ' mmmm »& Mp« m u. camm ¦¦¦ m» i»"» tt*" »"¦ 'w n e^. i jm*» *•"- A It's the Quality and low price. Width
'•'''SurSrS? <8/^y7 • 8 »H Cp HZ IT flU K BJnJ^J CS? ! Pink, yellow and white stripes, for
'./'•¦.'^¦'¦S > N. £r*-"'i^iiY ; Aik.' '^m ,*».«-»«»»r"»lki A bl V/^\l I a- *\. %.a§ ¦ U f/M^ f f\ I ¦% B- »'I P* ln the new Dolly Varden flower effect!
¦•5£ ? £^*l ##Of OFTEN CAN YOU GET 50 MUCH FOR SO LITTLE • . .
. 'i-j'Jw^^vWi VvV^ff^^wvliwl i f? '*yV*i*%-f^7 • . • '¦ , tLoHION RIBBONS — Fully four
¦•y^^^^^^^/^^X^M \ feS^§T/7 if you care Monday we will put on sale a drummer's sample line of petticoats—three hundred in all— ihaded Pat g e r"cn^ ra red! ls wue dS and
"^^^^^^^^ "^^yl/ M^^^'^V'*'^ t0 s * ve> DoaIt no two alike. 65c on a dollar is what we paid for them. You know what that means. You'll get yellow - Prlce -»c
BB«BfifiHllr^^I^^^S^J' /MSSSSbL^^' SMp * Wora< the benefit. Made of English and French sateens, mercerized cloth and French moreen— some Jf You Want Solid Comfort
W * Don ' t hemstitched, some ruffled, others trimmed with double flounces. •; * Duriajr the smmer Month., a.
m^^^MW^^M/J^mmSS^^^ ?rISuums. Real worth $12 a dozen; sample price. . .65c | Real worth $18 a dozen; sample price. .$1.15 D?**%J Tt * s C ott&j£££ fU
K^J|^^^^^^^^^P^^^^^^1 %l? ou>t ' Real worth $15 a dozen; sample price. . .95c | Real worth $24 a dozen; sample price. $1.50 «««? Uw M
W^^^^^^^^r^^^^^*^^^^^^ You'^now N. B. — Patrons, be prompt if you are in need of one, as they won't last long at the low prices neck! no° sleeves, knee^iens'tx VM^
• ayT we are selUng thcm for - . i^a^tlrF^ $$
.S^^^^^^^v^^^l^^fe. IT ' s --^ ! Just Received. For the New Summer Corset Coyer • Wise Mothers ab '- • -• d - • un - • h --°— • -•• • • • - v 50c
'^^^^^^'llM^^^^ 2s£T£ » 8 s u MKQK'*™* t &%&$8% ,. hla tL. m tT. x— X K7«5? r w{!S c 5.5 0 gS Vests.
-_^^^^^"^&'U^^<^^?^\V V -'- Z*,*' r PUU FORM-FITTING CORSET-Here-s one {fa _f^!_- ZJ /C _A thrir CHILDREN'S US- -ga LADIES' VEST-Low
€S^ : 7/^>^: : : ?^ e i°«-« f ° r . , a m , edlu I n ¦*«» , fi f ure - 1" a ¦¦_rt_. *"-o'« 1*« to «*« u^- . . M /^WW DEARWEAR at the (^f K neck. with shleld-.haped
" • '. • •'*V<W2O>. Your Money model design for the fashionable up- jT^M. Here s some 18 inches . «W f \ p r i ce Cutters. VVvA' sleeves. Just the garment for
a^g^^V' . . . » -.^g=r?S^ • • T ¦ f • • • \}lff!£X2k Or Your to-date woman. Made of imported &&£%> ?' lde: \ n the al Sr cl , enne K^MMSI CHILD'S VEST— Made ?&&/ summer wear. Made of Ital-
• _m m iMqm| V """fy^* 1 ¦ ] •» Money Baok. lightweight twilled sateen, in the satin fJu/ni lace patterns. The kind you V*-^/*^ o{ lightweight cotton: VgE^ Ian silk, swlss ribbed, fln-
r^^ ClW 1 25 V «^. at "« t^? » ribbon effect, boned throughout with !yzr\' ru " ribbons through. Only j^» > y h , gn « neck> i ong g i ee ves, )M ished with crocheted beading.
_ 1 __J/ • ITice Outter'i aluminoid boning. Pink and white, J/JL^\ t0 De nad at tne PrIce c " 1 * jersey knit. raia with silk ribbon run through.
Al ODfVl? f TITlnTP D pollcy - blue and white solid black and white. r..7J>- ter s 4Sc PANTS to match— French band, an- * P«lce 5Oc
r\l Iritl Jr K1^*X£ V^U 1"I JUJV'O What Otbttt Jo y0U * V i e n «,? im,?5 r,«? blt l of p^ y A nK HEBE'S ANOTHER. kle length ...*. Apiece 25c LADIES' VEST— Low neck. no
) ing ™ iS*S^fei^^^#i *— ¦^-¦» &£&£&*&&
. „¦„> i -^ — • ££¦ On s » le OTarrell-Street Entrance. ALL-OVER EMBROIDERY, fully 15 pref tr«nc« to wool. Why jg^ Price 1 Vc
1 B ' ; v n Ut«A r«*c** Pa W .« ! nch u S , Wl^ e> ° P irwLn ?S»S r «f 'h«n U rf" not discard th»m now wh« you .fia LADIES' VEST— Sleeveless and low
Yon Had Better Prepare Kow for the You Can Save Money on Ladies' Are J^L^LS^.™* S '- « l ! " ?lbbon thr 'I" =¦«&.*"¦ at " low a^ E* So^KS^.'t£
Summer Months Muslin Underwear *&%,"££*"%£: KSS Prlce 4Oe pu^^ e f a s ' m rSSr££ia2i Wt blue and white - ~ )C
b iQ^r You, : BH.K QI.OVES. as xf you com . he r. Monday, "gh neck « w >J LaCeS. £l«V«?^wl"r rtbllU! Tlihtf W W O rih ItS Wd'llt W GO'd
SS^^ViSKa i: S? l .iSffii5.*S WL.^ott n Md St! BU !Si Lace or Cape Collars. &^£S^%&°*&££'r pink.biueandbiack.A garment »i.oo b^wj****. sgn** w
IK^SP'cKa'T^gS^ftgi: ll^S^rlS th^Tfo^re pofn? 0 dT^is Have Yon Seen Onr Hew SnmmerYeils? n. fg^s^X^L-i.
black and white; kid In fit and kid in f|i||l\'l collar, yoke '"and h beauty of h y?ur JHzzZ^? N^mandy from 3 to Chic and up to dato. eS w^ en be^,f «^&*^K,
™.™^.!™r^..'3i broidery tSrC^alSrp ?= S^ B^£t^^ iSSjfl^; '^^T
There Is Nothing More Comfortable n .^. it .Z^ n .^-:^ «# & -^^ W&^ $?££^F€ W®$? »?^H"S la^^ tJLt:^ «JL
Than a Kimona for Summer Wear. M ™}'» £™ e ™ n L liM $M$M T~r le *d A Short Prir/hn Ti 7 w Pa 7 WW S^SI l^^^^^Z
_ Here's one of quality. yoU^trimmed^withTwo '£2? otrSt m®*&®& g*""- .g<^ worth A SftOFt PTiC8 Dflt E LOng WeUT. ™ o VEXI.1^ or small. For ladies and gents. Only
/Wj^L. made of Imported lawn, in ebon lace insertion; beading, ribbon nrice *J«>U. Mondajs That's what you-U find in our cliU- \K ATTTO VE1LISO3 oOC
/•«lw3a flowers and dotted effects. an d lace trimmed; sleeves and neck "" fl»—»J.* dren'a ho»e. Are oa everybody's e«,»n i*«mt.
f"in¥^ Mlkad0 sleeves; front col- neatly trimmed with ribbon and lace. Hfl T For St TiOIlK T iAzi. >a th e Pony brand; j» , ««t for a faca protector or millinery Small ltefflS.
fl/i-BTH lar «n^ sleeves deep band Instead of $1.25. special 85c " * £3u$V made of ironclad thread. Q\ Sl\ purposes. rmat.1. PI11CES PBOM THE SMAIA
/da-VaU trimmed; in pink, blue, Linen Ulster or Basflan for HS#f«K stainless black, high 7& -^ Mt\ Here's some made on extra heavy baiAil „_„„"
rtWfjSijl black nnd white and laven- Pptfirnat? travelinR 1 . Ws££ty> » Hpllced heel and toes /ffTi silk chiffon, silk embroidered; in floral ST °T?.' O
iJpWa^p der and white. You will ' rGU.UU0.lD. Made of pure linen, strict- '??/»ji' anJ re-enforced knees; &dj /l.,\m and ring designs: in black, white, navy HOOKS AND EYE.S—
"^ appreciate them, especially jiot many of a kind, but ly man-tailored; fitted back; Wyf? no fear of the children's T3j /y f and green. At the Price Cutter's for Black or silver. Three o_2rijfc
at this low price ,.4f)o that kind right for summer V7 two full circular enpes, new (£/ l« feet hurting them in ffR iF^Jfen ii: » e dozen for V* ¦*£***&
_, . , ' , wear. f.j^ puff sleeves, l:irp<> pocket. "7r \\ these, as they are soft iv*«fj«3j On Sale OTarrell-Street Entrance. HAIRPINS — Four pack- AfX&riH 9
CnlnOnS Arfi 111 GrPfilPF DfimflHd Made of Scotch gingham; KA\ Made very liberally. You / / / ft\ and velvet finished and *•** r 'ZDr • ages ln a cabinet — invisible ¦ ||
vuiuuw bib ill uicaici VGiuauu. trimmed with a deep flounce. Jp« will flnd the price very small // I'lliw a perfect flt; light, med- IIjivp Ynn TllPTn ? and heav >'. «tral«ht and Q If S^
Than EVfir f°«r tailor-stitched bands; \ for a garment like this. I R l\\\ ium and heavy weight; all slses. uai ° 1UU ooou lucm • crinkled.. ..A cabinet 2Hc \\Bfcf If
v«* M«. m <«» «*...!. m nn nm r m * finished with a ruffle, also W\ \ Price S3.OS MLUV \ i A pair l»5c Tou cant help but appre- ~*\ SAFETY PIN#-Nickel- **&£?
Tot trimming- dresses, jnlllinery pur- duBt ruffle; warranted fast nu v \ • o n n i * On Sale OTarrell-Street Entrance. elate them. XV ladles' Draw- fk A) plated and black; large and lB^ HB *
poses and neckwear. colors; in gray, white, rose Bjtf YalUBS in Small Print ¦ «"=" o«eo* x^«r»o C «. jMi# of kamed fabrlCt V V small sizes. One dozen 3c
The imported kind, fully 40 inches and tan. Price 81. OO ° „._.,_ . 1a + nf 1''. Cl Tt Dfth't PflV Ynn tft Makfi Yflflr Slim- French Hsle. Swiss ribbed, um- j I' TOOTH BRUSHES— Made of extra
wide. In pink, light blue, black, navy ,„ £& thS onr w« .f 0 ' 1 , 617 U ' „,", tt brella 8hape an * trlmmed wltn O-^ fine sanitary hard bristles; shaped so
prfce cr^uer' B In8tead of 40c< at os h^ Totally Different Yon 11 Find Onr flf £&. J a low mer Skirts at Home. ; fS? 0 !^^ a " to flt 8nUKly to the outh ' Pr i e -c
OnS^OTarreU-S^t^an:^ HeCkWeUT ES tO PriC6. W En^^SSf^Si^Sj ([} wiVVouVe^wTow^ SnS'. '!!? ''^ * * 'J^^^t^^rS^
6000 Shirt Waists in One' Lot. n^Wior%To'R§^^°^ nl A E S^%iS!MSa L ¦•&&?' one made ot neede^ Prlce 5Oc S^^SS-.SSSSS
jm That', what you will 8tralght ~ Perfectly finished. Price Jgft heavy Englirh duck in YOtt POll't Tak8 Anj ClanCCS ' 'toV new up^to-datV FOUNDATION
/££* SIrto y SpSth« K Y°o n u LAD^KS-cOLZrRS-VviuVih^new LADIES^OS^-In the'nVw opS AJ^ -St? Sushrt^tan^ta When Vou Buy Tour COMETS «^SS^t^"Ld«^tSS
LSSCWl win »OTMdatt Si low Squaretine tab; made of dotted Brus- work lace effect, made of French gauze <Lf£\& solid color around hips /&» Here; That Is, Tor a Good Tit. with strong material anu exira is
and the B-ood aualitv sels net and finished with two rows Hsle; some are allover lace, others '-¦n**" and down the fronti new J fp That Is What We Excel In. RrTTOvW—^The'trood^eivy
«*^ k3« • stout wom.,., . 'inrRn^ENRtDc. the ssssss^s^s^s s
ported colored "Madras, also clie- fa. Here's Some HOSIERY Made M EaK-j Bl S Bnl M El NhS Bl.fi H DDIPC OMTT"O pink. blue, white and black. No ; •••¦•••• ' ''l.'/J V ;," ''',''* AiaVv
viot and lawns: new puff sleeves, A*» Expressly for You. j fl |P B I U &¦ 11 LI Bn i ft O rrllUL-uU CO Premiums, but values. Price. .. .,1Oc PIN ' ?°°t^ S ~ i.nJ nntnt
detachable collar with double tabs. W&'/ Made of best American cot- « i W U J »*^'*rmm*wimriaamw' LADIES' CORSET— Made of extra and white Pins, netdle point, i^ic
pearl button trimmed; they come 1 '. ton. stainless black, double fc| - a M * O| strong English netting. Princess hip. * "••; ** " ".!'" ',',:
in black and white, green, blue, pray V$U. heel and tots, full length nnd ML BUST Sfem olb (VlarkCt StrCCC. II 0 FarrCl! Stfeet double side steels, lace trimmed. What HAIR BRISHEo— Made with so id
and rose. The regular $2.00. $1.75 and _^?*}> extra wide. Instead of 40c. WBP "" . . would you rather have, a premium or wood backs, with clear wnlta hog t>ri3-
J1.60 quality will be sold for. .gl'.OO * IR M>? : special ..25c , . MAIL OBDEBS SOLICITED. a prize? Or a dollar Corset for. .50c ties. Price -.oCProperty-owners In the 2 5 0 0 block
of McAllister streat have petitioned
the Board. of Supervisors . to Increase
the number of hydrants In the sur
rounding district and for a stronger
pressure of 1 water than they are now
receiving from the Spring Valley Com
pany.^BJttflgBnttHj
Want More Hydrants.
The Rev. Benjamin Fay. Mills, who
has been addressing great audiences
in Los Angeles. Denver and other
cities, will speak three times to-day in
Golden Gate Hall. At 11 a. m. his
subject will be "How Can a 'Man Be
come Acquainted With ' God ?" At 3
p. m. he will speak on "Three Ways
to Love," and at 7:45 p. m. on "The
Divinity of Christ." At, the afternoon
meeting the famous Columbia' Park
Boys' Club chorus will give a sacred
concert. All seats will be free.
Addresses by. Rev. Mr. Mills.
He was sure that "Old Gilt Edge" whiskey
was good for him .because he had "Inside" In
formation. 'Wichman, Lutgen & Co.. S. F. •
In order to handle the crowds ex
pected at the St. Louis fair, the Wa
bash railroad will run a train of ten
coaches from the station to the grounds
every two minutes. With thirty trains
an hour, 36,000 passengers can be
moved." -<' ¦¦-•:":*
the reception committee. A room will
be set apart in the ferry building,
equipped with telephone and telegraph
system, for the use of both commit
tees. The reception committee will
meet incoming trains along the road
and Inform the escort committee of
the coming of commanderies and dele
gations,' the exact time of their arrival
and thus avoid needless waiting and
insure each a proper reception with all
due honors.
For the ladles, children and those
that do not wish to march through
the streets, special cars, carriages,
buses and automobiles will be pro
vided. , . v*\: v , ;
Congratulatory Speeches on the Great
Success of Last Monday's Games —
Presentation to Tevendale.
The Caledonian Club held an en
thusiastic meeting In Scottish Hall
Friday night and discussed the great
success, financially and otherwise, of
the annual gathering and games at
Shell Mound Park last Monday. Chief
A. U. Macpherson announced that the
attendance had been much larger than
for many years back, resulting in a
financial gain to the club more than
double that of th"e previous year. Con
gratulatory speeches were delivered
by the officers of the club and others.
A pleasing ceremony was performed
by Chief MacPherson in the presenta
tion of a gold-headed cane and valu
able pipe to Piper I. S. R. Tevendale
on behalf on his fellow pipers. Teven
dale leaves this evening for a visit to
Scotland. At the request**of John D.
McGilvray, donor of the gold medal,
valued at $250, for the best player
of the bagpipes at the annual games,
Tevendale was authorized to take the
medal with him, as he has now won
It two years in succession. - '
Get a Taste of Genuine Sum
mer Weather.
People of San Francisco and Vicinity
It was a good thing for the eoda
fountains, the steam beer emporiums
and the laundrjmen to have the kind
of weather that Professor McAdie
handed to San Francisco yesterdaj*,
but the rest of us would respectfully
request him to be a little more lenient
In the future. The mercury went up
to 90 degrees at 2 o'clock in the after
noon and McAdle's thermometer Is a
cool one at that.
The hot wave was peculiar from a
meteorological standpoint, in that it
moved from south to north. It was
caused by the existence of an area of
high pressure to the northeast of San
Francisco. The weather to-day Is
likely to be cooler.
The thermometer registered 96 de
grees on June 6 of last year. The hot
test June day in the history of the lo
cal Weather Bureau was the next to
the last day of the month in 1891,
when the temperature was 100 degrees
above zero.
Yesterday was the hottest day so far
this year. ' ¦•• "
Metropolitan Business College, See ed
ucational col. R. II. Webster. President.*
The production of rice in Louisiana
and Texas has bo increased that it is
new believed that the home crop of
this year will fully equal the home de
mand. .-•¦; '.•.'
Woman Leaves Large Estate.
An application for letters af admin
istration upon the estate of Alice Me-
Gary was filed yesterday by Clara
White, wife of W. H. White, a relative
of the deceased. The estate is worth
$85,000 and consists of stock in the
Edward McGary Estate Company.
The reception of. the commanderles
that are to visit this city during con
clave-week of the Knights Templar
September next will be a feature of the
early part of the week. The escort
committee is quite an important one
and will be conspicuous during the
first days of the conclave. Colonel Wil
liam Edwards, commandant of the
Golden Gate Commandery Drill Corps,
Is chairman of the escort committee,
and Sir Harry R. Browne, recorder of
Oakland • Commandery, is vice chair
man.
Beginning September 3, during three
consecutive days, while visiting com
manderles and delegations arrive, day
and night, there will be three . well
drilled companies in full Templar uni
form on duty to receive visitors and
escort them to their hotels or head
quarters. California Commandery No.
1, Oakland Cornmandery No. 11 and
Golden Gate Commandery No. 16 will
each furnish one company for escort
duty. There will be one mounted and
two unmounted companies, each with
a complete bras band. Every com
mandery and delegation arriving
either at the ferry depot, at the Third
and Townsend streets depot, by coast
wise or ocean steamer, will be received
in fitting style and with music and
flying banners escorted to Its quar
ters.
; The escort committee will work with
Arrangements Made for Reception of
Knights Templar Who Will Arrive
Here In September.
A meeting for men only will be held
this afternoon at 3 o'clock In the
building of the Young Men's Christian
Association, corner of Mason "and
Ellis streets. Dr. J. N. E. Bowen, one
of the greatest colored orators of the
South, will deliver the address. This
is the only Sunday that Dr. Bowen
will be in the city and so a large num
ber of men is expected to be present.
The usual inspiring music, lead by the
Robson Orchestra, • will be rendered.
All men are invited. . . ; \ -~
• Rev. J. N. E. Bowen of Atlanta will
preach in the Grace Methodist Epis
copal Church, corner Twenty-first and
Capp streets, this evening. - Dr. Bowen
is a negro, both eloquent and scholar
ly. He ranks with the most eminent
men of his race. . >'V v
Simpson Memorial Methodist Epis
copal — Morning, "Bread on the Wa
ters"; evening, "The All Sufficient Rule
of the Christian Life and Its Bearing
on the Amusement Question." Pastor,
Rev. John Stephens. '.: • > . ''"¦ v;'^
Richmond Methodist Episcopal —
Morning, preaching by the pastor;
evening, "The First * Heresy Trial."
Pastor, Rev. E. D. Raley.
First English Lutheran — Morning,
"The Parable of Dives and Lazarus";
evening, "The Loneliness of the Hu
man Soul." Pastor, Rev. E. Nelander.
The feast of Corpus Chrlstl will be
celebrated to-day In St. Ignatius
Church. There will be solmen high
mass at 10:30 o'clock. The sermon
will be by Rev. Richard A. Gleason.
In the evening, after solemn vespers,
the procession of the blessed sacra
ment will take place.
There will '. be confirmation at St.
Anthony's Church to-morrow at 4
o'clock. At 8 o'clock a solemn high
mass will be celebrated, when all
those to be confirmed will renew their
baptismal vows. After mass there will
be a procession of the blessed sacra
ment.
Epworth Methodist Episcopal —
Morning, "The Godly Man and the
Progression of Righteousness"; even-
Ing, "The Ungodly Man and the Pro
gression of Wickedness." Pastor, Rev.
F. A. Kcast.
Services at the churches to-day will
be as follows: . .
Programme of Services In the Dif
ferent Houses of Worship Are
Varied and Imposing.
31ERCTRY CLRffiS NEARLY
TO ROOF OF ITS PRISON
PREPARING TO HONOR
» VISITING COMMANDERIES
PASTORS PREPARE FITTING
SERMONS FOR THE SABBATH
CALEDONIAN'S HOLD AN
ENTHUSIASTIC MEETING
THE SAN FRANCISCO -. CALL, = SUNDAY, JUNE 5, 1904.
30
BMnBBBHaBBaKBBBBBSBBBHBBBBBBHBBHMHBBHHBHflM
j BARON'S j
I GREAT $30,000 CLOAK j
I AND SUIT SALE j
g Everybody talks about Baron's great §
¦ sale in Cloaks and Suits. If the sale |
g continues as it has been last week it g
| will not take long to sell out the entire 5
¦ stock of $30,000. a
£ . BS
H This week all the $6.00 TAILOR SKIRTS will sell at $2.OO • S3
¦ This week all the $12.50 TAILOR SUITS will sell at:..;.^..$7.85 ¦
g This week all the $10.00 TAILOR JACKETS will sell at 94.73 g
B This week all the $50.00 TAILOR SUITS will sell at $32.50 53
g This week all the $25.00 TAILOR SUITS will sell at. ..... ?lO.0O ¦¦
q The entire stock must be sold at once. No one should mjss the g
O genuine bargains at \ 8
[BARON'S CLOAK AND SUIT- HOUSE -|
g 762 Market Street I
B * ¦ ¦
BBBflBBBfiBBBBBBBBBBBflBBBBBBEBBBBBBBflBBBflflaBBBB
ADVEBTUSiiJVLEWTS.
K Bathing Suits iS^y
jlJIII For Men, For Women,
Vrav from 75 c up. from $1.50 up.
¦< \'m For Boys, For Girls,
irl 1 from 50c up. from $1.25 up.
: "WS^^ Bathing Slippers, 25c* Caps, 15c, 25c, 50c, etc
JERSEYS for Men, plain colors or in stripes. . .$2.50 and $3 00
JERSEYS for Boys .-. . ............ . .$150, $1.75 and $2.03
SWEATERS for Men, from $1.50 to $6.00
SWEATERS for Boys. ........ H • • • .50c to $3.00
GOLF CAPS, new styles and patterns. . ...... ...... . . 50c
CANVAS LEGGINGS, tan or brown. ........;.......... . .50c
BELTS, leather • • • .\ ..... 25c, 35c, 50c, 75c
YACHTI NG GOODS— Caps, Shoes, Blouses. Pants, Belts, etc.
TENNIS SUPPLIES -Rackets, Balls, Pants, Belts, Hats, Caps, Shoes, etc
LADIES' Florodora Jackets, & A
from.. $4.00 to $8.00 B W^ij^J** 1-ffiL A
LADIES' Outing: Hat^from |j A kj XlyAffZ^U
SEE OUR SPECIALS FOR KNI'MTING CO.
Men, Women^nd Boys 60 Gcary St., San Francisco
THIS WEEK ._ — | v Open SatnrJ«y»;Tffl 10 P. M. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS. ]
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
INDEMNITY FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW TORK. IN THE STATE OP MBW
York, on the 31st day of December. A. £>.
1903, and for the year ending oa that day.
n» made to the Insurance Commissioner 'of
the State of California, pursuant to th« pro-
visions of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed aa per blank furnished by
the Commissioner.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid op
In Cash $2001 M0 00
ASSETS. V j % ..
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. . .$3S3,M8 00
Cash In Company's Office 23 CO
Cash !n Banks *. 53,132 83
Interest du» and accrued on all
Stocks and Loana 2.373 0O
Premiums in due Courso of Collso-
tlon 22>7S1 43
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid. 190 37
Commission on Unpaid Return
Premiums and Reinsurance Prem-
iums 481 74
Total Asset* '..$430,181 S3
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid ... $15,135 C9
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 61040 D3
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 1.123 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nlnar one year or less. $211,732 09;
reinsurance 50 per cent 100.57*03
Groas premiums on Fire Bisks run-
ning more than on« year. $106.-
747 43; reinsurance pro rata .... «0,«J T»
Due ani accrued for Salaries, Rents,
etc M37S0
Due and to become due far Com- , .
mlsdtons and Brokerage toy 90
Return Premiums and Reinsurance
Premiums 3.283 23
Total Liabilities .$1961291 33.
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $273,824 23
R«-celved for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 12.864 W
Total Income $258,191 03
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount Paid for Fire Losses
(including $22,107 55. losses of
previous y<»ars) $149,413 OS
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 56.732 83
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other .
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 22.113 87
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 8.133 B3
All other payments and expendi-
tures 18.113 K5
Total Expenditures .$253,532 33
¦ Fire.
Lrsses incurred during the year. ..$147,517 «l
Risks . and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $29,473,783 $403,623 3«
Net amount of Risks
. expired during the
year 23.73S.8TO 321.336 91
Net amount In force
December 31. 1903. . 23.02S.332 320. 489 52
A. F. LOSEE. Vice President
i H. BURGER. Secretary.
Scb*cribed and sworn to before me. this
3d day of February. llVH.
EDWIN F. COHET.
Commissioner for California In New Tork.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT-
314 California St
W. H. LOWDEN, Manager.
J. L. FULLER. Assistant Manager.
JOBS D. RICHARDS, Kgr., Clt) Dipt.
6AN FRANCISCO. CAL. _
: ,i: ADVEBTISEMENTS. v; . 7
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
NORWICH UNION FIRE
INSURANCE SOCIETY
OP NORWICH. ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1903. and for the
year endlnjr on that day. as made to th« In-
sumnre Ccnunlsaioner of the "State of California,
pursuant to the provisions of sections 810 and
«11 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner:
CAPITA!*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash ; 1660,00000
ASSET9.
Real Estate owned by Company... (371.S37 10
Loans on Bonds and Mortjra»res 40,000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company... 8,051,037 25
Cash In Company's Office 600 00
Cash in Banks .\ 1.278,449 &J
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans » 60.853 08
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages ISO 00
Premiums in due Course of Col- \
lectlcn 849.98035
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
tor Fire and Marine Klsks 33.083 S3
Total Assets $7.d&4.S0tt !O
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid V
Losses In process of Adjust-
ment or In Suspense Jl 80, 341 53
Los»es resisted, including; ex-
penses
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less.
$ : reinsurance 50 per
cent 3,123,55662
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year.
¦ $ •—; reinsurance pro rata. J
Cash dividend to Stockholders re-
maining unpaid 1,94050
Due and accrued for Salaries,
Rents, etc.. 15.000 00
All other Liabilities r-j.yyj 7T
Total Liabilities .J3.672.S3S 37
INCOME. > v
Net cash actually received :or Fire
premium* $5,948.10713
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgage* :. 1.935 00
Received for Interest and dividends
' on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, .and
from all other sources.. 173.13C 37
Received for Bents 12,573 87
Received from all other aourcss... 3.857 50
Total Income .J6. 130.309 02
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid ¦ for Fire Losses
(including $ — ¦ 1 losses of
previous ye-Irs)....... *3.05«.197 41
Dividends to Stockholders../. ...... 275,340 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Urokerage ......-.• ':••:• 1.16S.O7iO8
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
¦ charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 469,005 19
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes f\ • •. ' 90.SC0 35
All other payments and expendi-
tures 270.043 30
Total Expenditures $5,333.460 33
SwQB39 ~~ r PTn.
Losses Incurred during the year... $3,243, 181 07
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
•written during the
year $1,611,379,110 $7,533,323 33
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year '•••• 1.503.045,500 5.294.175 91
Net amount In force
December 31. 1903. l,S13,55fi,350 6,187,550 77
, FRANK A. CCBITT/ President. ,
C. A. BATHURST BIGNOLD,, Secretary.
Subscribed And sworn to before me. this 5th
day of April. 1004. "*
I. B. T. HALES. Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
314 California St.
W. H. LOWDEN, Manager.
J. :.L FULLER, Assistant Manager.
JOHN D. RICHARDS, Mgr. Cltf Dept.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL,
Sketch Artist.
Begins In V<
NEXT SUNDAY'S OALIa.
Illnstrated by Bert "berry, the
Famous Australian Jewish
The Groat Story of the Jews In
Russia and New York. ;'- .'
BY *EZRA S. BRUDXO.
TILE FUGITIVE.
" ~" ~~ ' ~~ . ' 1 . . ADVERTISEMENTS. - , • , T___
C to P ricc qUOtC * CWS P eca m ¦ -«_/'¦ _^ «n«*t <f3BK WJfc?&^ Lowell Axuifnstcrs, Body Brussels, Tapes-
P ?,i. a , n r^ct^ WpiirV.^. 11 :... 1 . 11 ...:?: 3 : W.W fiua ii tyf Quantity, Variety, Taste, Service, Price-These are the elements that hav^made this great Store £"";• " . q{ each ¦ disp ia yed . We'
wrawTAmunur x *8>lF?? M g£z $6 OH San Francisco's furniture center. Every day adds strength and popularity to the Store on the Square, as an °" * fo _ , rnn Ujicf^tion at our alwavs
p£S^ffl %?% W-W economical, trustwonhy supply center. Each person who enters our door is impressed with the quality of guarantee you satisfaction at our always
to^Sft^Srtt^ Corncr8 "* win £ pleased the merchandise, the immense assortment and variety and the al Ways lowest prices. You are always welcome. | lowest prices. ,
¦ f I fcL^i h bCU i^ifc^ / iZ- 0^ ' ' jw . "» \j »..-..;¦ • , M oak, golden finish. UlLi /?J»^5Oo^exv^\,
S llli^iil c, 3 J&^ Q SSerea CK SK: THREE-PIECE BEDROOM SUIT- cSS^™^^ IoT'b^'Z?^ O F r A T
ii^LMI^^W^ :Se%i a €£i r r° C €! J^SS^SS"^^. Golden finish, well made.. Prettily carved <E£ £ - phc. ,- RtbAL.
£!^§i§^llli|ll^ g. Mrt r££ tat £S^SS"2£ SS? Sn. s iS n .?a < 2 and highly polished. Dresser has large bevel %E? S^ZZJ^t ''¦-''•'' > * >f ' UJ
(C^f^vSzS^Zk china and line,,. fS^ p'^lsh- To"^' P Iate "? irrO^ A Suit that will give dlW^A byttjjl . pjg
''.. $0 fjF%JiA __ p d. J5.23 years of hard wear. Price p> ri » e » • * ; JZV./D .^^_^ .
pensive M ade of malleable iron, sheet jL. p^'Xr^Ed^^Xe^/c^
Steel. It IS absolutely indestructible. STOOIi — Golden oak. weathered Kffif£jtBJtl!umS&^lRmiarTT\uT, ¦^¦??JR J 7fl Jmty^^lJBg^— *-Tf^^k Bffv^L BlimrO TABLE — 6-foot draw. fuel. Our confluence in this range la
XV /> o-israntpp it in rvprv noint ind orik or mahogany linlsh. Bliaped . WBX&lBB&KIGSfflB&SxsSBfiaJ!^^ ' — — *^^ / golden finish, box top. 5 turned such that we offpr it for 81.00 down
v\ e guarantee it in C\er> poini ana top Turned lega rigidly braced. M&BsMBjSBB&SB&B&SSS&i W^g^MMBB»»SPi^BfW^^^--^r^r^ -ZT^V and flut " d le Jf s - Rl&idly braced and SI. 00 a week.
W'll 'Hve S^OOO SDOt cash for any Suitable for any room In «n &l^^TOfe^^BSg^ Er^ "TSPi&Sr'P iis»?@M&«-^^ BS KwHIC? B^&B/S%j^9 /n wlth deconited- panel, tfn-7 Kitchen LVpartment supplied with
5 u a r- 4. Vf ' f. the house. Price /Sp >JHOTfi^^iSffmftWrifHtiiaBa^^ EB ETBJJuSa SfiS— *^jf VW^$& klJ Highly polished. Price. . \7 75 every modern convenience for the kltch-
second-nana Oreat Alajestic: ". • . . •• .^^^¦¦•¦^ f i**^ e n.TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THE SUMMER,
CAI. I, subscribers ccnteraplatiaar *
chaatre of residence durinar the summer
months can have their paper forwarded
by mall to their new address by notify*
bur THE CALL Buslnoss Office. This
caper will also bo on sale at all summer
resorts and. is represented by a local
ajreat in all towns on tBe coast.
Contracts Will Be Signed.
The contracts for supplies awarded
by the Board of Education •will be
ready Monday for the signatures of the
successful bidders. The checks de
posited by the unsuccessful bidders
will be returned.
Alaska Excursion" Season' 1904.
Land of the Midnight Sun. Glaciers
and a thousand islands en route. Inside
passage. Seasickness unknown. The
palatial excursion steamer Spokane will
leave Seattle. 9 a. m.. June 7. 2-1. July 6,
19, Aug. 2. 16. For Information, apply
to Pacific CoaBt S. S. Co.'s Ticket Offices,
4 New Montgomery st. (Palace Hotel)
and 10 Market 8t. C. D. Dunann, Gen.
Pass. Agrt., San Francisco. •
KANSAS CITY. June 4.— By the
head-on collision of two Missouri Pa
cific passenger trains near Mastin, 22
miles south of Kansas CUy. one per-^
son was killed and nineteen Injured,
most of the latter passengers. The
trains were No. 5, the Colorado flyer,
west bound, and "No. 36, a Holstington,
Kans... accommodation train, east
bound.
The dead:
AUGUST BLOOM. Clear Lake. S. D..
stealing a ride on blind baggage.
The injured: C. A. Slocum, engineer
of the flyer, Kansas City, leg broken;
E. W. Whaley, fireman on the flyer,
Kansas City, head cut, badly bruised;
E. W. Ford, porter, head bruised; C.
Conklin, Kansas City, fireman, on train
36, knee mashed; Mrs. John G. Robin
son, 1917 St. Paul street, Baltimore,
right le** wrenched; James Purncas,
conductor on train 36, badly bruised;
D. A. Elwell, Osawatomie, Kans.. engi
neer on train 36, condition serious,
probably injured internally; M. J.
Blaebalg, Kansas City, head cut, badly
bruised; W. J. Forne, Orawatomle,
Kans.. head severely cut; L. J. Slick,
Kansas City, leg sprained; Henry Cas
selbuna. New York City, nose broken;
Dala Lucas, mail clerk on the flyer,
body bruised; Frank Lunk, Kansas
City, shoulder bruised; Irene Palmer,
Los Angeles, head cut, Dody bruised;
Louise Palmer. Kansas City, head
bruised; TV. J. McAulifCe, Pueblo, Col
orado, head bruised, knee hurt; Wil
liam Nichols. Fort Douglass, Utah,
right side hurt; Mrs. Mary Kltler,
Portland. Oregon, knee bruised; Miss
Posten, Boston, left knee bruised.
Both trains were behind their sched
ule, and were trying to make up time.
No. 36 had orders to take a siding at
Mastin. but had not reached that sta
tion'and was met on a culvert a mile
beyond Mastin by the flyer. Both en
gines were demolished. The day coach
on the accommodation train was tele
scoped as was the mall car cm the
flyer. All the. cars of both trains w5re
thrown from the track and the track
and roadbed torn up.
A relief train was sent from Kansas
City with a dozen physicians. Some of
the Injured were made comfortable at
Mastin and others were brought to
Kansas City. injured -are suffer
ing from bruises and fractures received
in the shock of the collision and the
overthrowing of the coaches.
Day Coach Is Telescoped
and Passengers Biding in
It Receive Severe Injuries
WEECK OF THE ENGINES
Jlissouri Pacific Disaster
Due to Efforts of Engineers
to Make Up Lost Time
ONE MAN DIES
IN COLLISION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, JUNE 5, 1901.
31
Especial attention is invited to
the
DOMESTIC HELP
and
SITUATION WANTED
advertisements.
Readers will also profit by care-
fully scrutinizing the
REAL ESTATE and BUSINESS
CHANCES
advertisements in THE CALL, i
See pages 42 to 47.
CAZADERO
The Gem of All TXoxtharn Retreats.
Grove, Forest. Glad* aad Sell.
Crest, Canyon, Hill aad Sale.
KncU, Knob, Peak aad Mouatata.
• The home of the trout and the haunt of th<»
deer. Reached over the North Shore Ry.. via
Sausallto Ferry.
A year ago I leased this resort for a num-
ber of years. To-day I have the pleasure to
tell you that, twins to last reason's big and
unprecedented partonage. I have purchased thU
magnificent domain of over 12CO acres. A thor-
ough renovation has been made of all the prop-
erties, insuring the best of service and ac-
commodation. In the matter of recreation
a n«w bulletins containing a bowling alley has
been added, also a new tennis court, and boat-
lng and bathing on the river, all free to guests.
Free camping grounds in the Cazadero giant
redwoods from May until October, but sani-
tary rules must be compiled with.
Lots, one-quarter acre, for aale. fronv$lC0
up. ar.d cottages built to suit at city figures.
Take Sauisallto Ferry via North Shors Rail-
road. Round trip good for' six months. %3 T3.
Round trip. Friday till Monday. $3; no stag-
Ing; depot on the ground. Fare at hotel or cot-
tages. $2 per day: $10 to $14 per week; special
rate by the month.
For particulars other than herein given wrlt»
J. J. THIRION. ower and manager. Hotel del
Cazadero. Sonoma Co.. Cal.. or North Shore.
R. R. office. 628 Market St.. San Francisco.
VACATION 1904
IS ROW READY FOR DISTRIBUTION.
"VACATION" is issued an-
nually by the
California Northwestern R'y
THE PIiTUBZSQTH BOCTE 07 CiXlTOSNIl,
and is the standard publication
on the Pacific Coast for Informa-
tion regarding
MINERAL SPRING RESORTS
COUNTRY liCMCS AND FARMS
WHERE SUMMER BOARDERS
ARE TAKEN, AND SELECT CAMP-
ING SPOTS! ' '
This year's edition. "Vacation .
1904," contains over 150 pages,
beautifully illustrated, and is
y complete in its detailed Informa-
tion as to location, accommoda-
tions, attractions, etc.. with
terms from $7.00 per week up.
To be had at Ticket Offices. C30 Market
Street tChrcnide Building), and Tlburon Ferry.
foot of Market Street; General Office. Mutual
| Life Building, corner of Sansome and California
Streets, San Francisco; tn Oakland at 973
Broadway.
Applications b7 Mall Will Beceiva Im-
mediate Response.
JAS L. FRAZIER. Gen'l Manager.
R. X. RYAN. Gen'l Passr Agent.
CAarPBXX.1. HOT SPSIHGS,
In Sierra Nevada Mountains. Sierra County.
*<v*. feet elevation. Are beautifully located
at the head of the great Sierra Valley. 30
miles long by 5 miles wide, surrounding which
Is the great primeval fcrest of pine and fir. A
specialty Is made of the table. The hot spring*
are unequaled for the cure of rheumatism,
gout, liver and kidney complaints and all blool
and akin diseases. Rates for room and board.
$12 to $14 per week. Round trip from San
Pmncisco to spHngs via Boca. $14 50. Staea
dai!y except Sunday, connecting wlta 6 p. m.
train from San Francisco.
TAEOE TATBSa — Situated on the
shores of Lake Taho-. the largest and moat
beautiful body of water In the world at th!»
elevation, is now open for the accommodation
of guests. The tavern will be conducted this
season by Mr. V. U". Richardson, manager of
California's famous mission hotel. The Glen-
wood. Rtverslde. which Is sufficient guarantea
that It will be strictly first class. The table
will be supplied with all delicacies of the sea-
son, while fishermen will be constantly em-
ployed to furnish lake trout. For rates address
t F. W. RICHARDSON.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINC3
STAGK LINE— Hooland to Bartlett Springs.
via Lakeport, carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with
trains at HODland. Leave Hopland at 12:30;
arrive at Lakeoort at 3:30: arrive at Bartlett
Springs at 7:."5O. New 6- horse I4-pa*senger
tourist wagons, with all the most modern im-
provements. Passengers for Lakepor; cr T'art-
Ktt Spring.', call for tickets by L'artlett Fpr n? 3
Stage Line. Tickets ccn .be purchased at offlca
of California N. Vf. Ry.. t3O Market St.. or
at Tlburcn ferry.
MILLER & HOWARD. Props.
WHITE STJUHUB SPRINGS, Vallejo,
Cal. Moat accessible springs to San JmUB&aw;
round triu $1. no stage fare; only 2fe hours'
ride; 5 miles from Vall?J.K hot. cola ana
plunge sulphur batfcs: wor.G-.rful cures) of rheu-
matism, nturalsia, eciema. kidney. Ilver ana
stomach diseases. Beautilul grounds and Uk-*
for boatlnjs and bathing. I>anclns pavilion.
New bowling alley and shuffle board. Rate*,
$10 a weok. Including baths. Address MAN-
UEL MADRID. Vallejo. Cal.
KTJBICOar PAEX — A delightful resort
oi »hore« of Lake Tahoe. Best sandy l^ac i
for bathing on the lake. Fine fly fishing ana
hunting in seascn. Beats, fishing tackle ant
horses at moderate hire. Rates $2 a day arj
from $10 to ?IG per week. P. O. and telephone.
A. L. FROST. Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe, Cal.
v/uithet house,
Truckee. Cal. The i-.uiln* hoiei. Headquar-
ters for'tourlsts and commercial men. Summrr
and wtuter resort. Meal station for pa;s n-
gers- Stage for Lakes Independence and V.Vr<-
ber. Campbell Hot Springs and SierravUle.
STEWART McKAY. proprietor.
LAKE TAHOE. -
LAKESIDE PARK. Open May 1. Hotel,
cottages and tents. Popular "family resort. De-
Hchtful campins grounds near •teamer tinj-
Ing. Furnished tents to rent. Booklets. Trav-
elers' Bureau. 30 Montgomery it., or of E. B.
Smith Sc Co., Statellne P. O.. CaL
"T2SE GEO7E."
Lake Tahoe half a mile east of Tallae. on
lak* shore: rates $2.00 a "day; $10.00 a week:
meals 50c. Good saddle horses and the b*st
of livery. Boats free to all guests. J. E.
PARMETER. proprietor. Tallae, Cat
LIHDHEK'S PASZ, Oaemrrllle.
A resort for your family. Partly furn!sae4
cottage* $12 per month and up. Tents an<4
platforms. Near Russian Ulver. Board and
room at $7 50 per week. Se» PECIT3. 11
Montgomery «t- ¦ "
OCCTDEKTAI. HOTEL, HATWABD8,
First-class resort; tennis, croquet, bowline,
amusement hall, etc Special rates to families.
Terms reasonable. A. GAUDARD. Prop., pboa*
Black 141. ' : -
EIVEKSIDE HOTEI. and COTTAQB3
Mtar beach; 30 acres beautiful grounds; *p»-
etal rates to families; write for booklet. V.
BARSON. Proprietor. Santa Crua- i^
BE1LEVTJE HOTEL El ?•raao. So-
noma Co. Cal Term*. $1 day and up; not
mineral springs near by. Long distance tels-
phoneT daily mall. JOHN SERRES. ProprUtor.
CAMP PXSTOLXSI, Marin County;
housekeeping cottages $12 per month; hotel
rate. $a per week. ' _^
I.AKE SHORE HOUSE — Glenbrook.
Nev Cottages to rent $5 up. Is* -class board, mini
and crsam. fresh vegetables. D. COUILLARD.
DE LA ROZA resort. Banta Crux Mountain* ;
cottages and tents for light bouseksvping or
campins- A. J. GIBBS. iUr.. Glbba. CaL
Bartlett
Springs
Ask those who have been to BART-
LETT why so many go there year
after year? And they will tell you
that the great magnet that draws the
i people to the Springs is the wonder-
i ful BARTLETT WATER,
i Those suffering with Ilver, kidney,
', bladder, stomach, malarial, rheu-
| matlc. etc., troubles will be helped by
! coming to Bartlett and drinking the
! mineral waters and bathing in the
| soda-magnesia water.
' Resident physician,* manager- of
I amusements, masseurs and a fine ta-
i ble at Bartlett.
Rates — Hotel. $12.00 to $17.50' per
week. Housekeeping cottages, $3.00
to {15.00 a week.
Write J. K. McMAHAN, Bartlett
Springs, Cal., or call at 2 Sutter St.,
San Francisco.
j'
i GRAND OPENING
i i '¦ ¦ '
and Dedication of the Exten-
sive Beach Improvements at
"New"
! Saturday Ev'ng, June 1 1
Grand Fireworks Display by ' California
Fireworks Co. Brilliant Electrical Illu-
minations of Pacific Ave. and Esplanade.
NeptuXe Casino. Plunge Baths and Pleas-
ure Pier. Third Artillery Band, U. S. A..
Concert and Ball.
Special Excursions via S. P. Ry
Santa Gatalina Island
, SH Hours From Los Angeles. Season 1904.
Our Famous Marine Band.
Hunting mountain goat, sailing, bathing,
golf, tennis and the finest fishing on the
coast. . .....
Camp Life a Special Feature.
Hundreds of furnished tenta at reason-
able rates.
Hotel Metrojole. . . •
Modern !n all particulars.
For further Information address
PECK'S INFORMATION BUREAU. 11
Montgomery st.. or BANNING CO., 222 S.
Spring st., Los Angeles.
(\i*m f\r*r\ hot springs, sonoma
OKMUUO COUNTY: on 'y 4% 'hours
from San Francisco and
mmm ~~* mmmmmmm but 9 miles staging; wa-
ter* noted for medicinal virtues; best natural
hot mineral water bath in State', boating and
swimming In Warm Spring Creek; good trout
stream*; telephone, telegraph, daily mail, ex-
press and San Francisco morning and evening
papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE
SERVICE; both morning and afternoon stages,
round trip from San Francisco only $5 &0. Take
T'.huron ferry dally at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p. ro.
| Rates $2 a day or $12 a week. References, any
guett of the past nine years. Patronage of
1903 unprecedented. Information at Tourirt In-
formation Bureau. 11 Montgomery St.. or of
J. F. MULGREW. Skaggs, Cal.
• »•¦ •••••••» »»•»«¦« »»»¦»»
j CAMP CURRY :
i , Get circulars at all railroad offices. ,
'ii Advertised by 4000 guests. • i
| YOSEMITE
• I
• •«••• ••••••• ««»»•««» » » « »
Ideal summer resort; hunting, boating, fish-
ing. Music every evening. Bend for pamphlet.
O. WEISMAN. Midlake P. O., Lake Co., Cal..
or call on Dr. Happersbcrger, 1101 Market, S. F.
HOTEL ROWARDENNAN
"IN THE MOUNTAINS BY THE SEA."
BEN LOMOND— Santa Crux County.
REGULAR SEASON.
Opened May 15 under entirely new man-
agement. Round trip trlckets from San Fran-
cisco $3. For booklet apply Peck's Bureau,
11 Montgomery Bt., S. F.. or to WILLIAM G.
DODGE, Leseee^
|% 1 / f\ f\ II Hot Springs; on line South-
I I V 11 I I HI ern Pacific; 2% hours from
II I Kills San Francisco, 3 trains
SI I 111 dallv ; luxurious mineral
U I I I VI 1 1 «nd mud baths: hotel
unique in cuisine service
end appointments. Information at S. p. Co.
! Bureau, 613 Market st.. Peck's Bureau. 11
Montgomery »t.. or H. R. WARNER, Byron
Hot Springs. Cal
Harbin Springs
Most desirable In Lake Co.; contains sulphur,
iron, magnesia and arsenic; wonderful cures of
rhcumatlcm, catarrh, kidney, liver and stomach
troubles;' new gymnasium, bowling alley, hand-
ball court and bllllard-J-oom. Acetylene gas
plant, livery, homedahy, fine vegetable garden
Rcund trip tickets, S. P. office. $7. J. a!
i HAYS, Proprietor.
LAKE TAHOE RAILWAY AND
TRANSPORTATION CO.
Connects at Truckee with train leaving 8. F.
at 8:03 p. m. Returning, connects at Truckee
1 with train reaching S. F. at 7:60 a. m.
TUXiDO HOTEL.
Extensively IniproTed : since !aaf season.
, Op«ned April 1. THOS. L. BELL, Mgr., Felton,
Cal. Buy •• tickets to Tuxedo, narrow-gauge,
foot of Market street. Round trip. $3.00.
M. 8.R. B. TOCflLOMA Maria 0*.
Bertrand Hotel: first-class accommodations;
- special rates for families and parties: fishing,
hunting, boating, bathing; beautiful drives to'
Bear Valley; telephone. . JOSEPH F. BER-
TRAND, or Bulletin Office, every Thursday, 2
In 4 n. " in. - . ..;.-¦' • • . - ' 7 . "< '¦.,„.¦
Jgilrqy|
[tot springs
For health and pleasure. Reno- :
vated and improved. Water j
unsurpassed for rheumatism, •
kidney, liver and stomach trou- !
ble. Trained masseur. Long i
distance phone. Trains from ;
Third and Townsend at 9 1
a. m. and 3 p. m. Write for [
pamphlets. J
¦ R. ROBERTSON. !
If you enjoy tennis or cro-
quet you will find the
grounds perfect at
AETNA SPRINGS.
After a game there is the
big pool for an invigorat-
ing plunge. Just send for
booklet. Aetna Springs
Co., Napa County, Cal.
HOT SPRINGS
Why Is It so Immensely popular? Because
of Its many wonderful facilities for health and
pleasure. Our famous hot steam and plunge
baths and stomach waters are a positive cure
for Rheumatism. Malaria, Bladder; Liver,
Kidney and all Stomach Arsenic
Beauty Baths'. Swimming Pond, Orchestra, ;
Palry. Beautiful Walks and Drives. Livery. '
Fare redurtd $9.00 round trip. Electric Lights,
Hard Finished Rooms. Rates $10 to $12 per
week. Baths and amusemenU free. Booklet
Pecks 1 *. 11 Montgomery and 3. P. Co., C13
Market st., or
Ii. H. McGOWAN. Selgler. Lake Co.
THE NEW HOTEL AT
ADAMS
IS FINISHED.
Every one known that Adams water cures
stomach, ilver and kidney diseases.
WHY EXPERIMENT?
For further particulars write to W. R. PRA-
THER.
LAKE COUNTY
New. comfortable carriage* direct to the
most picturesque portion of California. Best
equipped stage line in the State. Leav*3 Calls-
toga dally (Sundays excepted) at 11:30 a. m..
direct to Harbin. Selgler, Adams. Howard. An-
derson, Hobergs. Spiers, Astorgs and Glen-
brook; half hour for lunch at Callstoga: also to
MIddletown. Lower Lake.* Kelseyvllle and
Lakeport. Livery In connection.
WM. SPIEH8, Proprietor.
Hotel EL CARMELO
Pacific Grove, California. "The Little Del
Monte." At the seaside with home comforts.
The nlace to spend your vacation with your
family. Surf bathing and fishing. Rates
with beard $2 50 a day upward, cheaper than
staying home. Send for illustrated pamphlet.
Address OEO. H. CORDY, Manager.
CAMP VACATION.
Hotel under canvas on the Russian River
t.elcw Guernevllle In a grove a mile and a half
lotm. skirting the river; tennis courts; 40 new
boats; wl'.l build a clam in the river; 4 miles
of smooth water for boating and bathing.
Adults $2 per day, $10 per week; children
under 10 half rates. Special rates for fam-
ilies. Opens May 1. Address MRS. L. C. CNO-
1'IUS. CamD Vacation. ""Vacation" P. O,. So-
noma County. Cal.
LYTTON SPRINGS
New management; no staging; depot on
grounds: phone; fare $2 40; Tlburon ferry;
rates $10 tn $15 week: table first class: our
own dairy: hot mineral baths: swimming tank;
Mvery; billiards; croquet. Booklet Peck's Bu-
reau, 11 Montgomery st., or BARKER St
ROSS, Lytton Springs. Sonoma County, Cal.
THE TALLAC ™,
Now open. The Summer Resort or America.
European plan only. Cafe first class. Prices rea-
sonable Resident physician. No consumptives.
Pamphlets at S. P. office, 613 Market street.
Address M. LAWRENCE & CO.. Tallae. Cal.
HOTEL BEN LOMOND,
Santa Cruz Mountains.
Now open. For booklet apply to Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery, or S. P. Cc. C13 Market. B.
DICKINSON. Prop.. Ben Lomond. Cal.
Napa Soda Springs.
The famous mountain health and pltasare
resort U now open for the patronage of the
public. Address 'JOHN JACOBS.
B R O O K W/VY
Lake Tahoe.
OFEKS JUNE 1st.
Write FRANK B. ALVERSON, Mgr..
Brockway, Cal.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
Open June 1. new hotel: large dining-room.
telephone, hunting, fishing, swimming, bowl-
ing, dancing. Get booklet Information Bureau,
SO Montgomery st. DR. W. A. McCORNACK.
proprietor^ -
Menlo Park, one hour from
1 1 fl ITT J O city. Nln« trains dally. Pcr-
Hlill l\ fect Climate; beautiful place;
1 1 U I I I w comfort and quiet; excellent
table.
Address W.J.MEREDITH. Mgr., Holtt'* School.
nEFB PAOlf INN and «* u ««*5 6 mil** from
UtcK fAKA inn Lake Taboe; open June 1;
elevation 6507 feet; mineral springs. BooUet
Travelers'/ Of flee. 30 Montgomery st. .
J. B. SCOTT. Peer Park. Cal.
CALXTORWIA REDWOOD FABK (Ble
Basin) — Union Mill Camp and Tavern; 8 mile,
ficm Boulder Creek R. R. station. Dally stage.
Family table. Furnished cabins; camping
grounds; $8 and $10 per week. Under the giant
redwoods; perfect climate; grand scenery.
•SEPP" GRAHAMER. Boulder Creek. Cat
THE GEYSERS
The Most Famous Health and Pleasure
Resort In California.
THE CLIMATE AND SCENERY are unsur-
•asEed and th« waters are acknowledged the
best on the market. • Natural mineral, uteam
and Hammam b?th«. Swimming lake or tepid
mineral water. Hoatlnj?. hunting, fishing,
danclnsr. shuffle-beard, billiards and crmuot
THE HOTEL AND COTTAGES have been
renovated throughout, and new cottages and a
fine pavilion built this year.
There will be a fully equipped dairy and liv-
ery stable In connection with the hotel. The
hotel, cottages, bath houses and grounds aro
lighted by electricity.
The hot?l will be supplied with the best the
market affords. Rates. $10. '$12. $14 and Sl«
per week. For further particulars and booklet
write R. H. CURRY. Prop. The Geysers,
Sonoma County, California.
AgiiaCaliente
Springs
We have added many NEW attractions to
this beautiful and romantic spot: open all the
year round; the nearest Hot Sulphur Springs to
San Francisco, temperature 115 degrees; no
ataxin^: fare $1 10: sure cure for rheumatism,
asthma and all kindred ailments. We have five
different Hot Sulphur Springs; tub and plunge
baths and the largest mineral water swimming
tank In the State. Table and rooms are first
class. Rates $2 per day. $12 to $14 per week.
SpTlai rales to families and half rates to chil-
dren. Inquire at Peck's; 11 Montgomery St.,
or address THEO. RICHARDS. Agua Callenta
Springs. Sonoma County. Calirornla.
Wf have erected a stone building, modern
dining-room; can seat 400 guests.
FREE EXCURSION
- TO—
SPRINGS
MAY IO. 19O4
For the next sixty days the Tuscan Minera 1 .
Springs Corporation will furnish railroad trans-
portation to and from Tuscan Springs and any
points within 300 mile?, free to visitors who
spend thirty days, and free fare one way to
those spending twenty days at the springs. *
Send 50c in stamps for bottle of stomach and
catarrh salt. Booklet free.
. Rates $12, per week; and up.
MINERAL; SPRING CORP.,
WHY NOT SPEND YOUR
SUMMER AT HOTEL DEL
MONTE? NEW MANAGE-
MENT-GOLF, GLASS-
BOTTOMED BOATS, SURF
AND POOL BATHING,
OILED ROADS. SPECIAL
TERMS TO FAMILIES.
GEO. P.SNELL, MANAGER.
MARK WEST
H<E: £o;. EB springs
MRS. J. D. DROST and MRS. H. KOEXER
will manage the sprinrs; many Improvements;
new cement bathhouse and gas all over place;
$2 day; $10 and $12 week. Office. s:s:i Larkin
Bt.. cor. Geary, or Mark West Springs, Santa
Rosa. Rural No. 6.
SODA BAY SPRINGS
Situated on Clear Lake. Hunting, fishing,
boating, launch, horses, tennis, croquet, dark-
room, warm soda ceyrer in bathhouse, club-
house, etc.. increased accommodations, modern
conveniences. Scenery unsurpassed Table a
specialty. Rates per week. $10 to $15. Photos
and Information at Chatfield & Vlnzent'a 22S
Montgomery St.. or LEE D. CRAIG Manager,
Soda Hay, Kelseyvllle P. P.. Lake Co.. Cal.
LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland of America. The only lake
resort that has Its own mineral springs. Float
Ing swimming fishing and hunting. EDGAR
DURNAN. sole proprietor. Laurel Dell V. O..
Lake County. Cal.
1 Ktlwl\Li: COUNTRY CliTTB.
SUMMER RESORT. SPORTSMEN'S LODGE.
Fourth season. Sierra attractions. California's
largest rainbow hatchery. Finest fishing. . G.
H. FOULKS, Verdi. Nev.. or Nevada block,
San Francisco.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM.
Not a hospital; best equipped. on Coast: mod-
ern ¦ Improvements; large treatment rooms:
Ideal location; OH acres; one block from street
cars: write for literature. .San Jose, Cal.
VICH/ SPRINCS
Three miles from Uklah, Mendoclno County.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths.
Lovely grounds: fishing and hunting; crystal
spring; accommodations and table first class.
J. A, REDEMETER. Proprietor.
DUNCANSPRINGS
OPEN May 15. Two miles from Hoplnnd.
Fine medicinal waters.- Hani finished hotel:
Excellent table. Rates $10 to $12 per week.
PARK HOUSE, Ben Lomond, CaL
Under new management. Up to date. Beau-
tiful grounds. Running stream. and pond with'
cood fishing. Playgrounds for children. Free
carriage meets all trains. J..D. CELLA. Mgr.
Own Summer Home £ sifs; Camp Meeker
Pure water, equable climate, lots selling $10
up: cottages built by Meeker, $50 up; depot;
stores; restaurant; hotel; post and express;
teiephone; sawmill; 000 lots sold; oOO cottages
built. Sausallto ferry. N. S. R. R. m. . C.
MEEKER, Camp Meeker, Sonoma County.,
REDftCHFIM Delightfully situated In the
DfcKUMlEIiU Banta Cruz Redwoods. Rates
$7 and $8 per week. For particulars address Q
F. BIEDENWEO. R. D. 121. Santa Crux. Call
Bathing Suits
20 Post Street
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Electro-Chemisfry
Quickly,
Permanently,
Cheaply.
CACTIO5. — Tliere
1* only on* Electro-
•rv ns^fflb Chexalc Institate In
sr^^Jlrv«¥* Callionxla. Owtnsr
f^X . t0 * tne marvelous
\*2^Br**' success of Electro-
irt^ y»*fUV« Chemistry there are
/ M ftl\ ill Quite » nn Tii ber of
\ 4£n*iA fn physicians who axe
ll^SifiWij tryinc to imitate
rypjj? IW^V* this •wonderful »ew
(np**' txeAtincnt anol pa-
tients are "warned
MTtSast t&es* deceptions. Zt is no more
expesilTe lor stay sufferer to ret the
crixtas.1 and successful Electro-Chemlc
' treatment, and those who are tired of
i srwalloirlnjr strong- and poisonous drujra
j wtlch do not cure them, and those who .
have used Indifferent electrical treat-
' meats without results, can be quickly, '
permanently and cheaply cured by the
treatment, which can only be had at the
SUctro-Chemlo Institute, 118 Grant Ave.,
cor. Pest Bt* San Francisco
A VOSO TO OUTSIDE PATIENTS.
; Emrtes the heated term In the interior,
¦which Is often very trying upon sick peo-
ple, those who can arrange to do bo will
j ftad tliat a few weeks spent In San Fran-
cieoo. where the climate Is always de- ,
llxfctxnl during the summer months, '
¦would be erreatly benefited by the change.
; \'err often this change alone, with a lit-
tle special treatment, will work wonders,
and each persons are cordially invited to
call upon us for free consultation, exam-
inatlca aad advice.
HOME TREATMENT.
The E2«ctro-Chemic home treatment Is !
Just aa successful as fhe office treat-
ment. It Is always advisable to come to
,the Institute for a personal examination
¦when It Is possible to do bo. In the ma-
jority of instances the patient may re-
turn home the same day, taking the nec-
essary treatment along. When a per-
eonaJ visit cannot be arranged, a full
description of the principal symptoms
ehould be sent *n by letter and full di-
rections regarding home examination and
treatment will be promptly forwarded.
An expensive Electro-Chemlc outfit is
loaned to patients taking the home treat-
ment, free of charge.
£LE CTEO-CQESfIC SPECIALTIES.
The followics diseases are treated by Electro-
Chemistry and in every one the curative re-
cults beyln from the very start of the treat-
ment. Tie tatieut js not compelled to wait
for weeks and months for aigns of improve-
ment, but from the start the goni result* are
noticeable. ar.d the cure* are thorough and
permanent and are accomplished very Quickly.
One Electro-Chemlc treatment will very often
produce better results than weeks of drugging.
Any one euilerine from any of the following 1
£if>easeg are advised to caJl upon us at once-
for free examination. An honest opinion i*
always given to «-ach sufferer, and the patient
Is tcM exactly what can be cone in each case
submitted. Incurable cares are not accepted
extort wfce-n the lit* cf the patient can be
prolonged or the fufffrlngs lessened:
Cancers. Tumors, Old Ulcers, Eczema.
Rheumatism. Neuralgia. Loeomotor
Ataxia. Paralysis. Deafness, Kead ZTolses,
Insomnia, Ocltre, Brlffht's Disease, Dia-
betes, Dyruepsla, Piles, All Diseases cf
the Stomach, Liver, Kidneys, Bladder
and Bowels, all 2lervou.s Diseases and
aU Special Diseases of BKen and Women.
w-. w-^ w-* -—< CONSULTATION.
|-< |w* l-« |-« EXAMINATION
1 *VMM and TREATMENT
ELECTRO-CHEMIC INSTITUTE
113 Grant At;., Cor. Post St.,
BAN FRANCISCO.
Office hour* — ft a. tn. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 8
p. tn. dally; Sur.Ja.ye. 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.
S*l>arate apartments for la<3ie» and gentlemen.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE j
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
ALLIANCE
ASSURANCE COMPANY
Limited. -
OF LONDON ENGLAND, ON THE 31 ST
day of December. A. D. K»03. and for the
year ending on that day. a* made to the In- :
surance Commirslcner of the St*te of Call- ;
fomls pursuant to the provision* of Sections
€10 and ell of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $173,170 87
' ~-r. Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company... 575,750 00
Cash in Banks «1.*C3 2*
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Lpans 1.750 00
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 85.865 03
Ei'.is receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fir« and Marine Ulisks 100 00
Rents due and accrued «¦¦• BOO 00
Total Assets IS3S.601 14
LIABILITIES.
Loese* adjusted and unpaid *l."02 47
LoEsts in process of Adjustment or _ __
In SuFpense it.Wl <<
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning; one year or least. $25*8,713 10;
reinsurance SO per cent 1W.350 M
Groee premiums en Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $157.-
OIS 1C; reinsurance pro rata 85,033 03
Due and to become "due for Salaries.
Rents, etc <,<J7» 41
Due and to t>er«m» due for Com-
missions ar.J Brokerate 4.861 62
ItMura premiums and reinsurance
premiums 12,163 23
Total Liabilities $275.818 1?
INCOME. ~~~~~~
Net cash actually received fcr Fire
premium. $3S2.703 53
Received tor Infrert and dividends ,
on Donds, £tockt. Loans anil from
all other sources 20.C73.S0
Received fcr Rents 16.276 60
Received from Home Office 5.800 30
Total Income * $421,314 23
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $25,758 59, looses of
previous years) $171,097 41
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 97.717 «4
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 15.C73 84
Paid (or State, National and Local
taxes 6,293 78
All other payments and expendi-
ture* 123.033 M
Tout Expenditures $415,476 57
Losses Incurred during the year. ..$131499 49
Risks and Premiums.! Fire Risks, j Premiums.
Net amount of Rlskt
written during the
yeax / $39,001,450 $500.CS3 74
Net ammnfof Rt«ks
expired during the
yeir 28.630.022 887,471 94
Net amount In force
D«e«mber SI. IS03..I 85.355,076 455.731 26
~ ~ELIJAH R. KKNNEDT. President.
Of and for Weed St Kennedy, Mkts.
Subscribed and s«'orn to before me. this
21st day of January. 1904.
F. FISHBECK. Notary Public
C. F. MULLINS. Pacific Coast Manager,
416-418 California St.,
- SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 per Year.
WHY NOT TRY
Highland
IF YOU ARE GOING TO THc
Spr-ipgs-
W! OFFER YOU THE BEST OF MINERAL I
waters, accommodations and service.
T*ble unsurpassed. Rooms hard finished, light-
ed by electricity. Buildings newly painted.
All <th« popular sports and amusements. Liv-
ery, telephone and nostoffice.
Shortest route and cheapest ¦ fare to Lake ,
County.' Most centrally situated. Delightful
excursions on Clear Lake and to other resorts.
Make your reservations now.
" TERMS— $10 to $17 50 per week. For Boolc-
; let. etc.. call on our agent. H. R. DUFFIN,
C33 Market street, or Address
CRAIG & KERR,
Hlshland Springs. Cai.
I Spend Your Vacation
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
op rings . cai.
. The most Ideal resort for pleasure and
health on the Pacific Coast. Buy round
trip ticket from San Francisco to §an
Luis Hot Sulphur Springs. San Luis
Obispo. Cal., and return, including stage
to and from springs and one week's
board for $20.00 to $Ri2.O0, according
to location of rooms, or board and accom-
modations St>.OO to S12.OO per week.
Scenic surroundings. free bathing,
boating and fishing J on grounds. Fine
shady walks, tennis and croquet ground.*,
dance pavilion . for guests. Fine sea
beach one piile from Hot Sulphur Springs.
Cottages and furniture are all new. Gas
throughout buildings and grounds. Our
table Is well supplied with the best the
market affords. Our stage meets trains
arriving at San Lu!« Obispo at 3:15 p. m.
ev«ry day (except Sunday). -
This Is no hospital Cr sanatorium.
¦ I Situated in Vendome Park of 12 n
IS : acres, a charroine summer resort: H
IN both city and country advantages; 0
IH automobile garage on the grounds H
§9 - free to guests. Bathing pavilion, H
vj bowling alleys, tennis, etc. New R-»
T| auto road map ot the »«csH"'
B county mailed on ap-
M J. t* mt'ooKS, C«52j&lr7/*R--&
PARAISO SPRIGS
Monterey County, Cal.
The most popular sanitary and health
resort in California. Completely renovated
and improved. No wlrids or fogs, and sur-
passingly grand mountain and valley scen-
ery. Hot soda and sulphur baths, large
swimming tank and excellent table. Write
for booklet and particulars to " F. W.
SCHROEDER, Manager, or PECK'S IN-
FORMATION BUREAU. 11 Montgomery st.
' LA HONDA AND P5 CAD5R0
Buy your railroad ticket to Redwood City; 9
a. m train. 3d and Townsend. and 0:20 a. m.
train from San Joae connect with stage." direct.
Address WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City.
Cal. . .
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
Beswtck, Slukiyou County. Calirornla.
' " Write to F.DSON BROS, for Booklet.
Saratoga Springs.
15 different mineral springs. Information at
Peck's Bureau, 11 Montgomery st.. or at J.
MARTENS. Bachelor P. O., Lake Co.. Cal.
INDEPEND5NCE LAKE
Fishing; boats: excellent table; climate per-
fect: 10 miles from Truckee. In an unbroken
forest. For Information Inquire at Traveler
office. 30 Montgomery «t.. Peck's Information
Bureau, or Mrs. H. M. Clemons, Truckee, Cal.
SOLID COMFORT HOME
Extensively improved: 1D00 feet altitude; no
fog; climate delightful; large orchard; vegetable
garden; hot. cold bath*; spring water; cement
swimming tank, 40xK0. lutes $8 week up; stage
meets train. Schuler & Scheben, Napa, .Cal.
E;?J«FV»iK35fcSr r 't ITT r^.1 T* <!""*.
SPfS^L*. A^sKfflH Awning's, Hammocks,
fiftrfw^jSSSfefrrpf W. A. PLUMHIE.
Tel. Main bid. Ill Clay st.
JOHMNNISOERG.
New hotel; modern conveniences; large, airy
dining-room: hunting, fishing, swimming, boat-
Ing; $10 and $12 per week. THEO. BLANCK-
ENBURO JR.. Prop.. Oakvllle. Napa Co.. or
INFORMATION BUREAU. 30 Montgomery st.
/MOUNTAIN VIEW RANCH HOTEI.
* "uni rottages. In the mountains, near Santa
Cruz.; First-class table and accom.. gas, baths,
phene daily mall, bowling, croquet. . amuse-
nents"; terms, $9 up. Campers to Glenwood, inc.
carriage. $3 VB round trip. FREDERICKS EN
& SIJTTON, suc'u to F. R. DUNN. Santa Crua.
&AT7BEIi GROVE PABK— Children's
resort during summer vacation; best of home
care; beautiful grounds: climate perfect: fresh
milk and" eggs; open June 1; terms $3 per
week. MRS. G..W. NICHOLS. Dimond P. O..
Frultvale.' . • . :
BED WOOD VrdltA RESORT.
Excellent 'beard, home cooking; tent ground.
If Jeslred.' with board, $.">. Room and board $8
to $10. Best- hunting and fishing. MRS. A. L.
ACKERMAN. La Honda, San Ma tco County.
WALL SFRINCJS — On Guernevllle
branch Cal. N. W. It. R., Sonoma Co.; phone;
pavilion; bus meets morning train: hot sulphur
baths: circulars.- MRS. C. N. MEREDITH.
Prop., Healdnburg, R. D. 1.
SCHAEFEZt'S OROVE— ROSS VALLEY.
Private boarding; terms reasonable. T«»ni
mwti Sunday ¦ morning trains. Address UK&
MATT LINDSAY. Ross 8tatlon.
ILLOW RANCH, delightfully located In
redwoods 5 miles from Banta Cruz, i Spring
water.- frult.Vnilk, excellent table: daily mail;
free conveyance.; $7 week; phone Suburban 87.
MRS. W. CRANDELL. Santa Crua. Cal.
ye mm
White Sulphur Springs
«. *aita Ro*4, Cal. .
A quiet and refined family it sort In a s>?cluded
spot two and a halt milt* from the City of
Ito«es; b-autlful rrounds; mountain climbing
and driving: all kinds of amusemenU: water
and bath unexcelled as tonic and restorative;
2H hourn" ride from Han Francisco via Tlburon'
terry; bus meets trains: $8 per week and up;
send for booklet; telephone White Sulphur,
P. O. box 155.
H. A. D. FLEMING. Proprietor.
i :
FOIMPC PFCT^orde'* Kent, heart of SanU
lUlllICO AC31 crux Mta.. S. P. C R. R.,
round trip $3; enlarged; surrounded by two ro-
mantic troot streams; fishing, hunting, bathing;
a picturesque place. Adults $6 60 per week,"
children half price. W. C. FORDE. Eccles,
Cal. - . ,
¦WEttEBliET PABK, Redwood City
— Fine sunny rooms, with or without board;
privilege of housekeeping; ,no children. J. C 1
PARIfER. . ,
MONTE RIO — Cottage of 3 rooms, near depot,
completely furnished for housekeeping for
rent Apply O. SIMONSON, Monte Rio. Bo-
noma County. " •
FOB KEJTT— AT CAMF MEEXEB-A
cottage furnished complete for housekeeping.
Box vm. Call office, -THE WOMAN WITH THE HOE.
CASINO— J. G. J...Citv. The rule of
casino is that: "Should a .player build
up a card to a certain denomination
and his opponent decline to build It
up higher, he. the first player, may
not alter his build, but must take it
with a card of the same denomination;
he is. however, at- liberty to make an
other 'build* either of the same or of
any other denomination, or he may
pair or combine any other cards be
fore taking up his first 'build/ but ha
must comply with ons of the above
conditions before playing a card that
will not do either.
This week gen. eyeglasses. 15<<50c. 73|
4th St.. front Key's Cel. Oyster House. •
Townsend's California Glaes fruits Is)
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market St.*
Special Information supplied dally t«
business ' houses and public man by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 C*A*
IXoraia street. Telephone Mais 1042, *
WAVE POWER— E. D.. Watsonville.
Cal. Several attempts h'aVe been made
In the vicinity of the Cliff House. San
Francisco, to utilize wave power for
the purpose of working machinery or
furnishing power, but none havs
proved a success. If such power could
be used it certainly would be of value.
Ancient Millionaires.
A writer in a Jewish magazine has
been looking into the Agadic history of
the Talmud, and believes that there
were richer men before the Christian
era than there are now. We know that
Croesus was rich, and that there were
huge Roman fortunes in the times of
the empire. The Talmud stories go
back further still. The great corner
in corn that Joseph •manage^was fabu
lously profitable. Tradition says that
Joseph, acting for Pharaoh, got his
hands on pretty much all the ready
money there was in his day, and buried
three enorgmous treasures, one of
which was found by Korah, whose for
tune, estimated according to the mod
ern standards of value, is rated by the
magazine at three billion dollars. Solo
mon's stable, with its horses, chariots
and horsemen, is said to have repre
sented a sum the modern equivalent of
which would be three or four, hundred
millions, and he spent two hundred and
fifty millions on his temple. Herod's
temple cost more -'still. In Jerusalem
in Roman times there were three Jews,
who between them, felt- able to face
an expenditure of a hundred millions a
year for twenty-one years. They
offered to feed the million inhabitants
of - Jerusalem for that length of time
rather' than surrender the city. . Oa* of
INDIANA'S VOTE— Subscriber, City.
At the Presidential election in Indiana
In 1904 the total vote was 664.094, of
"which McKinley received 336,063 and
Bryan 309,584. At-ttre» election In 1S93
the total vote was 637.305. Then Mc-
Kinley 323,754 votes and Bryan 305,573.
'Ansz-ers to Queries.
THE POUND— A. C. R.. Alameda,
CaL The public pound in San" Fran-*-
Cisco Is at H64 San Bruno avenue.
IN THE NAVY— W. F., City. Chief
gunners and boatswain's mates are not
line officers In the navy. They are war
rant officers. No officer in the navy
holding a rank lower than that ¦ of en
sign is commissioned..
Snmvballs and Roses.
Although California is the land of
flowers to which snowballing, except in
the mountains, generally is forbidden,
exceptions to the rule may be com
pelled. Such an exception, during the
past winter, or rainy season, was wit
nessed in San Jose. One of the stage
drivers to and from Mount Hamilton
brought from there a barrel carefully
packed with snow, and presented It to
the pupils of the C— ;nt school in^the
Garden City. Then the fun began.
Most of the children had not seen
snow before except on the distant
mountain summits. They wanted to
snowball, but they didn't know how,
and they approached the problem ten
tatively. And— here is the crowning
absurdity of the situation — some of
their teachers didn't know how to
teach them; although they were adults,
never before had they come In con
tact with snow. Some of the little
chaps, after cautious Investigation, de
clared that the strange white stuff
burned their fingers, it was so- hot, and
others, who had read or been told
about it, feared that their hands
would be frozen by the first contact
with it. The experimental stage soon
was past, however, and then the fun
was fast and - furious. It was such
ecstasy as Eastern children know, with
the zest of novelty added to It. For a
brief time school traditions . and the
proprieties maintained between i teach
ers and pupils were thrown to the
winds, and there was none so highor
so low that a snowball might not batter
him when least expected. The White
missiles whizzed through bushes laden
with roses or" clipped the stately calla
lilies from their stems as a knife might
have done. It was a touch of winter
Introduced into a garden of bloom and
beauty, and, ah, but the boys, big and
little, enjoyed It For all of which
some sort of reverence might be done
to the Mount Hamilton stagedrlver—
he has 1 not : forgotten - that . he once was
a boy.— Sunset Magazine for June.
IN a recent report to the Department of Commerce
and Labor at Washington, A. M. Thackara, United
States Consul at Havre, France, sounds a note of warn
ing for our California prune exporters. He declares that
the recent greatly increased sale of prunes abroad has re
sulted in fraudulent methods of trade on the_ part of
unscrupulous fruit packers, which have served to under
mine the confidence of French importers of pur prunes
and to bring the price of the best products down to the
level of the, spurious qualities 5 that are shipped abroad
under false labels and iiv unfair weights. ; V
"A serious abuse which has crept into the trade," says
Consul Thackara, "is the. selling and branding as Santa
Clara prunes fruit which is grown in other districts.
This fruit is of inferior quality and can be purchased
for considerably less than the genuine Santa Clara
product. The difficulty of detecting the fraud has facili
tated this dishonest trade, but the result will undoubtedly
be that Santa Clara district will not only lose its repu
tation but also the premium which its prunes , have
hitherto commanded." •
This warning of our Consul should demand the imme
diate attention of all our prune growers who desire to
hold to the very successful market which they have
established for their product in France. Not only has
the Santa Clara prune already forced itself into strong
competition, with the French fruit in our markets,' but
in the land of the French prune itself the California
product is becoming a t dangerous rival. During the year
1903, 524,413 boxes of California prunes were imported
into Havre; up to March 20, the date of Consul Thack
afa's report," 285,009 boxes mark the trade of the first
few months' of this year at that port. Such favorable
aspects of trade should v not be allowed to be'blighted
b/the methods of unscrupulous packers here.
As was the expedient of the New York cheese makers
whose brands were being used on inferior products
of tH"e> Middle Weit, Santa Clara prune packers should
appeal for a careful system of inspection and proper
labeling of all dried prunes shipped out. of California,
in order that their fruits may not be cheapened by
inferior imitations flooding the foreign ; market. . ¦ S*hould
the Santa; Clara producers : be able { to detect ;the parties
responsible for the fraud speedy legal proceedings should
be employed by them in , order that their label may con
tinue to be the guarantee^ of high value in the markets
of France. Thc^ continued success- of their trade with
foreign* markets depends upon speedy and efficient reme
dial measures. ; . :
Other Side o' Jordan.
O, the other side o' Jordan may be bright
as bright kin be. I
But I ain't a-faultin' this old world;
She's bright enough for me!
You've got /to be a swimmer when you
strike that Jasper sea.
Yonder, on the other side o* Jordan?
I make no doubt the country is a coun
try out o' sight,
With all them fields o' livin' green an'
rivers o' delight;
But I jest ain't in no hurry, fer to rise
an' take my flight v
Yonder, on the other side o' Jordan!
I know, the time they're havin' in the
sweet old by-an\by,
Must set the stars to dancin* In the
blue bend o* the sky;
But I'm jest no good at flyin* — an* a
angel's got to fly
Yonder, on the other side o' Jordan!
O, no matter what the trouble — an' no
matter where I roam,"
This world to me is tweeter than its
sweetest honeycomb,
Kri I never saall resign it till they
holler, "Come on home!" —
Yonder, on the other side o* Jordan!
— Atlanta Constitution.
OUR PRUNE EXPORTS.
A face track gambler made oath in court the other day
that he was a persistent patron of the hazardous game
and had ended the season without losing money. This
testimony borders on the marvelous. How anybody
with foolhardy temerity enough to measure intelligence
with the bookmakers can escape without disaster is one
of those inexplicable affairs of modern life that leaves
us wondering and incredulous. r
Social Amenities:
One of the favorite charges against
New Yorkers is that they are inhos
pitable; that having received courtesy
in some smaller city, they are apt t>
forget it when their late hosts visit. tha
metropolis. There is undoubtedly «'is
tice in the charge, and yet how aro
ladies who are never In their «wn
hc-u.^s during the daylight hours to
entertain their acquaintances ithcro?
Or how can they, engaged six weeks
ahead, find an evening for people who
are to be perhaps two weeks- in town?
The answer that they could find time
if they wanted to is true enough, but
what ' a fabulous amount of wanting
would be implied! Ladies who see their
children passing through the halls, bnd
their husbands in the carriage goins
out to dinner, and their mothers on'y
when the old lady is brisk enough to
drop in before 11. can scarcely be ex
pected to put the stars in a passion
in order to get a glimpse of a casual
stranger, who once asked them to Jina
in another city. - They might, you say.
give up one of their engagements; but
consider what you are asking then*
to give up; a musical to hear ,:ha
world's great artists, or a dinner with
a semi-royalty— always something too
good to sacrifice, something which it
would be a lifelong regret to hav»
mlssed.—From "The Social Side of New:
York," In the June Ainslee's.
Clemens in Italy.
At the Villa di Quarto Mr. Clemens'
daughters take long rides under the
shade of the great old trees that over
hang the broad and easyjroads. They
are both accomplished v and ardent
horsewomen. Miss Jean has recently
bought a superb white horse. Her sis
ter. Miss Clara, has a beautiful v'oice,
and sings 'with exquisite grace. On
the 8th of April she took part in a con
cert given by the Philharmonic Society
of Florence, and made a deep impres
sion on the audience. The possession
of two such daughters Is a great com
fort to Mr. Clemens. They go every
where with him, surround him with
affectionate attentions and take a gentle
and tender care of him. Miss Jean,
for Instance, helps her father not a
little with his daily work. When he
does not dictate, he leaves little sheets
of manuscript scattered everywhere; it
is Miss Jean's task to collect and ar
range them and then to copy them on
the typewriter. Mark Twain's cor
respondence is naturally very large. A
man is employed to go into Florence
twice a day to bring the mail, and
always returns loaded down with let
ters, papers and books.
It Is uncertain how long the famous
humorist will remain in Italy. His
lease of the Villa di Quarto is only for
a year, but Eignora Marsili, the owner,
thinks that he will renew it when it
expires, since he Is so well and com
fortable In Florence, ana since his
wife's health has already shown a
marked improvement. i--l/',
Mrs.. Clemens, his faithful companion
for twenty-five years, unlike her hus
band, is an enthusiastic student of the
masterpieces of art 'and of historical
associations. Mark Twain has his own
ideas about art, which are a subject of
frequent controversy with his wife.
— Raffaele SImboli, in the June. Critic, i
How a Spider Thinks.
If you anchor a pole In a body of
water, leaving the pole Above the sur
face, and put a spider upon it, he will
exhibit a marvelous intelligence by hla
plans to escape. At first he will t-pin
a web several inches long and har.3
to one end while he allows the other
to float off in the wind. In the hope
that it will strike some object. Of
course, this plan proves a failure. Ho
waits until the wind shifts, perhaps,
and then sends another silken brMss
floating off in another direction. An
other failure is followed by several
other similar attempts, until all tha
points of the compass have been tried.
But neither the resources nor the rea
soning powers of the spider are ex
hausted. He climbs to the top of the
pole and energetically goes to work to
construct a silken balloon. He has no
hot air with which to inflate it, but ha
has the power of making it buoyant.
When he gets his balloon finished ha
does not go off upon the mere suppo
sition that it will carry him, as men
often do. but he fastens it to a, euy
rope, the other end of which he at
taches to the island po!e upon which
he is a prisoner. He then gets Into his
aerial vehicle, while it is made fast,
and tests it to see whether its dimen
sionse are capable of bearing him
away. He sometimes finds that he has
made it too small, in which case ha
hauls it down, takes It all apart, and
constructs It on a larger and better
plan. A spider has been seen to maka
three different balloons before he be
came satisfied with his experiment.
Then he will get in, snap his guy-rope,
and sail away to land as gracefully and
as supremely independent of his sur
roundings as could well be imagined. —
Frank H. Sweet, In June Lippincott'a
Magazine. , ' .
THE plans for Portland's. Lewis and Clark Centen
nial Exposition are developing into tangible shape
and are already in such condition as to justify the
statement that the fair will not only be creditable, but
with the exception of '.he great Qhicago and St. Louis
fairs, will be one of the largest and finest ever held in
this country. It will open in just about a year, that is,
on June I, 1905. Like our own Midwinter Fair, follow
ing as it did the Chicago exhibition, the Portland fair
will have the advantage of following the St. Louis Ex
position, and will thus profit by obtaining many of the
exhibits that will h-ive been shown, there.
The Lewis and Clark Exposition will represent an
outlay of about $5,000,000, which amount will cover the
expense of laying out the grounds, construction of build
ings and installing exhibits. The United States Govern
ment has appropriated $475,000 and will have an exhibit
valued at over $300,000 more. Oregon alone has appro
priated $450,000, which is at the fate of. about $1 per
capita for each of her inhabitants.
California, Montana, Utah and Idaho h'ave already ap
propriated money, and Nevada, Colorado and Arizona
have exhibits ready, and only await legislative % appro
priation for transportation and maintenance, ' Missouri,
Minnesota and North Dakota have set aside a fund to
send their St. Louis exhibits to Portland, while Kansas,
Nebraska and South Dakota arc awaiting action by their
Legislatures to enable them to do' likewise. New York
and Massachusetts havetalso made appropriations.
Every one living on this coast should take pride in
seeing Portland's effort a success. .There is and should
be a fealty existing between California and the adjacent
States which it is well to foster. We have, with them,
many interests in common and the building up of one
locality tends fo the prosperity of those near at hand.
San Francisco in particular should take an active inter
est in the matter. Professional tourists, strangers gen
erally, and the inhabitants of other States, will be at
tracted to this coast jsidio would not "otherwise come,
and they, will not be likely to leave without paying a
visit to the metropolis. Aside from that fact, . however,
we_ owe to Portland the moral and material support
which should prevail between good neighbors. We
should aid her in presenting the best side to visitors at
her reception, and to that end should send of our fruits,
flowers and many other good things. In" short we must
recognize the fact that so far as the East is concerned
the exposition will be known as a Pacific Coast enter
prise, and the whole Pacific Coast will profit by the credit
of it.
LEWIS AND CLARK EXPOSITION.
London Literary Notes.
• • •
6p«cUl CorrespoE<Jeno» of Th* CalL
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL.
B HENRIETTA STREET, COVENT
GARDENS. LONDON, May 26.—Jac
cues Le Lorrain, whose tragedy. "Don
Quichotte," was produced successfully
in Paris a few nights ago, has had
rather a picturesque career. A year or
two ago, Mr. Le Lorrain, who previous
ly had attracted some attention by his
literary efforts, distinguished himself
by starting in business as a cobbler, or
ehoemaker. Le Lorrain's father had
been a cobbler, but his son tried his
hand at this trade only because, though
his writings had brought him some
fame, they had not produced bread
and-butter with the regularity that
would have been desirable. The ex-
Trriter*s cobbling ehop was in the Rue
du Sommerard, and he advertised It
widely In verses of his own composi
tion. Le Lorrain also wrote letters to
the Paris newspapers, in which he com
pared himself with Spinoza, who made
epectacles for a v living, while he laid
the foundations of his great philosoph
ical works. But the trouble was that
the amateur cobbler was only an indif
ferent workman in that line, and the
things he did to their shoes speedily
drove away such customers as his
verses attracted. So Le Lorrain de
cided not to "stick to his last." He
closed his cobbler's snop and became
a schoolmaster, and it was while fol
lowing that calling that he wrote the
drama which has just been put on the
stage.
George Newr.es & Co., who publish
Tit-Bits, as well as the Strand Maga
zine, got back at W. L. Courtney, the
distinguished critic and editor of the
Fortnightly Review, rather neatly the
Other day. Speaking on the subject qf
literature at the Institute of Painters
recently, Mr. Courtney said: "Could
any of our'children read those leisurely
romances of Scott? Would they not
return 'Peveril of the Peak* with a de-
Eire to read something published by —
I speak with all respect of a famous
firm— Messrs. George Xewnes?" Un
doubtedly Mr. Courtney referred to Tit-
Bits, or a certain class of cheap novels
of which Messrs, Newnes make a spe
cialty. It happens, however, that these
publishers also issue a thin paper edi
tion of Milton, Shakespeare, Words
worth and other classics, and — affecting
to misunderstand the critic's meaning
— on the day after Mr. Courtney's
speech the publishers quoted his re
mark in all their advertisements, with
the list of these works underneath it.
They believe in honoring their great
men on the Continent. It was not so
long ago that the town of Nuremberg
bought, in order to preserve it, the
birthplace of Albert Durer, the artist,
and now the municipality hopes to ac
quire the old home of Hans Sachs,
poet, roelstersinger and shoemaker.
The house, which for many years was
ft butcher's shop, was put up at auc
tion 6cme time ago, and blfi in, as it
happened, by a butcher. Now it Is
coming into the market again and this
time will almost certainly become the
property of the town.
Probably few of the folk at home
whom "Trilby" delighted have entire
ly lost their enthusiasm over the novel,
and those who have not will be in
terested in what Val Princep, the
Royal Academician, has to say this
montli in the Magazine of Art. Prln
c*«p studied art in Paris in 1859. com
mencing at the Atelier Gleyre. Speak
ing of that famous school, he says:
"Du Maurler was a pupil of Gleyre's,
and studied there ¦with Poynter. Whist
ler and Lamont. They left just as I
joined, but many of the stories in Tril
by* come from the Atelier Gleyre.
Whistler was tied to the ladder, and
perhaps the president of the Royal
Academy (Sir Edward Poynter) will
forgive me mentioning that it was he
who sung the celebrated song about
*Zese elaaves, zese glaaves — zey nevere
belong to me.'
"The three friends In Trilby' were,
I believe, purely imaginary— unless, in
deed. The Laird* was drawn from La
mont, who was a Scotchman and a
fellow studen^ of Du Mauriers. Taffy
was evidently the realization of Du
Maurter's ideal man. He always pro
digiously admired the physical Bide of
man's nature. Man or woman could
not be too tall or strong ror his ideal;
and so greatly did he carry his admira
tion of physical perfection that I have
heard him declare that to hear ; a per
fect human voice was to him the high
est pleasure, even though tne possessor
of that organ was not by any means
a great artist. Yet Du Maurler himself
eang charmingly and delighted in
xnuslc"
• • •
Rudyard Kipling, who, accompanied
by Mrs. Kipling, arrived at Southamp
ton from the Cape recently, brought his
motor-car with him. Kipling has done
a lot of motoring of late, or at least
as much as the atrocious condition of
the roads In Cape Colony make it pos
sible for one to do and remain sane.
This is a sore point with the author of
"Soldier* Three," who told the Automo
bile Clob of South Africa" at a dinner
recently that it might be fittingly, said
that motoring on their roads was pro
gressing "by leaps and oounds." Kip
ling added that he would like to take
members of the Government responsi
ble tax the roads out for six hours a
these Jews, Nlkodemon. gave his
daughter a dowry of $425,000,000. Thers
were other Jews of whose enormous
wealth the Agadic history makes rec
ord. — Harper's Weekly.
Dalny is in the victorious hand3 of the Japanese, and
even now the conquering' hosts of the Mikado are within
range of the threatening guns of Port Arthur. Perhaps
the Russians are trying to give us an illustration of
something new in warfare and intend to present to an
admiring* and wondering world the most gigantic series
of splendid failures in history.
Chemists to Visit America.
Special Correspondence of The Call,
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL,
6 HENRIETTA STREET, COVENT
GARDEN, LONDON, May 25.— For the
first time in ita long history, the British
Society of Chemical Industry, which is
the parent of similar societies the world
over, will hold Its annual meeting out
side Europe this year. Arrangements
are now in progress by which "at least
200 members of the society will, under
the presidency of Sir William Ramsay,
K. C. B,, of radium fame, proceed to
America early in September next They
will reach New York on September 6
and on the 7th they will be received
by the Chemists' Club of that city.
The society's annual meeting will be
held on the Sth at Columbia University,
and in the .evening the annual dinner
will take place at the Waldorf-Astoria.
The members will/remain in New York
and vicinity for four days visiting all
the works of Importance in connection
with their particular branch of indus
try. They will afterward proceed to
Philadelphia, Washington and Pitts
burg. They expect to reach St. Louis
on September 18, where they will re
main a week attending the Inter
national Chemical Congress in the
meantime. They will afterward visit
Chicago, Detroit, Niagara Falls and
Buffalo, returning by way of Boston—
where they will spend two days — to
Xew York. A number of ladles inter
ested In chemical science will accom
pany the members and they will be es
pecially provided for by Mrs. Charles
E. Pellew, under whose direction a
committee will be formed in New York.
Some of the most eminent men in
chemical science in the country, in
cluding Dr. Ludwig Mond, Charles G.
Cresswell, the general secretary of the
society; Dr. Joseph W. Swan, F. R. S.,
and Max Muspratt are going out to the
meeting.
A Judicial Jokester.
Off the bench Superior Judge Frank
Murasky is not the staid and quiet in
dividual his demeanor on the bench
would indicate. He is quite a joker at
times, as is evidenced by the following:
A few nights ago Attorney Frank
Kierce happened to be out quite' late.
As he was "waiting for' the last car
a weli-known insurance man, home
ward bound also, asked him into a
near-by resort to have a ••night-cap."
Well, they had the "night-cap" and
missed the* last car, and as a result,
remained in the place for quite a little
while talking over various topics. Now,
the Insurance man is well' known for
his habit at certain times of fingering
the watch chain of the person to whom
he is talking, so during the entire con
versation Kierce made no objection
when his friend accentuated hia re
marks with numerous vigorous tugs at
his watch fob. /
Judge Murasky' heard of the late ses
sion the next day, and being well ac
quainted with the lawyer and the in
surance man, saw a chance to have a
little fun. He went to a telephone and
called up the insurance man. When
the latter answered, the Judge said:
"Hello. 'This is Kierce. «itow about
my watch?"
"Your watch?" came in a surprised
tone of voice from the insurance man.
"I know nothing about your watch."
"That's strange," said the pseudo
Kierce. "You took it out or my pocket
last night while we were talking and
I forsot to ask you for it when we
parted because I thought you would
send it to me the next morning. It's
not a very valuable timepiece, but I
regard it highly because it is an heir
loom. Just take a look through your
clothes when you go home."
Well, to make a long story short the
insurance man looked through every
pocket in every suit of clothes he had
at home. He searched his house from
top to bottom, but could not find the
watch, and he so told Judge Murasky,
still posing as Kierce, when he called
up the next day, and the next.
The affair worried the insurance, man
considerably, and he began to wonder
what he could do to placate the evi
dently very angry Kierce. A thought
struck him, and he immediately called
up the lawyer.
"Hello, Kierce," he said over the
phone, "this Is Blank. I wish you
would come right down to my office.
I have a big suit here I want you to
handle." And then -as he hung up the
phone, he remarked sotto voce, "that
ought to square matters."
Kierce appeared at the office in a
very few- minutes, greatly pleased, for
the suit promised a laVge fee.
Very, nervously .the insurance man
greeted him., and' he lost no time In
giving the attorney all the facts con
nected .with the suit. The attorney
made copious notes during the conver
sation, leaving his friend biting his
nails and squirming about in his chair,
hoping almost gainst hope that the
subject of the watch would not be
brought up. It w-as not and Blank
breathed a sigh of relief when Kierce
rose from his chair and reached for
his hat.
Then he almost fainted as Kierce
asked him what time it was, saying, as
he did so, "I am dug 1 at the City Hall at
4 and my watch
"It's a quarter of 4," almost yelled
Blank, taking the time from a large
clock on the wall."
"I have . ample time," said Kierce,
unbuttoning his coat and taking a
watch from his vest pocket. "My
watch is a little bit slow."
"Your watch," gasped the insurance
man, "when did you get it?" :
• Explanations, of course, followed and
the pair started out on a still hunt for
the man who did the phoning. The
first person they met was Judge SIu
rasky and the*guilty grin on the latter's
face ended the search. ,'•>;. r.^
day on a steam lorry at a pace of
eighteen, miles an hour.
Eden Phlllpots, who scored recently
with "The American Prisoner," is
working on a new novel of English
country life which is named, "The
Farm of the Dagger." and W. Pett
Ridge tells me his new volume of short
stories will be called "Next-Door
Neighbors."
HAYDEN CHURCH.
. t-v UBLIC POLICY, the ablest of American publica-
I—*' tions devoted to the discussion of economics, re
•*¦ produces The Call's recent editorial on the report
of Mr. Priestly, the superintendent of East Indian rail
ways, on Anierican roads, and also an editorial on the
same subject from the Wall-street Journal. -
The Journal concedes the justice of all that Mr. Priest
ly says about the enterprise and genius of American
railway management, which'has succeeded in giving the
best and cheapest service, while paying the highest
wages in the world. But the Journal says: "As regards
the relations of the railroads to the rights of the public
a notable lack of, wisdom and frankness has been dis
played. Speaking broadly, they have fought every inch
of the way in an effort to prevent publicity and reason
able governmental supervision of the railroads. They
have generally failed to appreciate the difference between
stupid and partisan anti-railroad agitation and an in
telligent insistence upon public rights. ;The railroad
managers have seemed to include both the political agi
tators and the economic critics of the railroads in the
same clas6. and to have presented a constant -antagon
ism to both."
By way of proof and specification the Journal says
that: "A retired railroad official, who some years ago
was at the head of one of the great American" systems,
his name known from' the Atlantic to the Pacific, but
who is now peacefully engaged in the pursuit of farm
ing, spoke of the change in the .point of view which his
retirement from the railroad business had brought about.
He is now in the position of a shipper of freight, not a
transporter, not a maker of rates. He spoke of some of
the annoyances to which he -has been subjected by the
railroads over which he has to ship his goods, of the
difficulty of bringing his complaints to the high officials
of the company and of obtaining redress for such wrongs
and losses as he had suciained." _^
This reminds us of a reported experience of the late
Senator Stanford when he was president of the Central
and Southern Pacific roads. In the operation of his
large private estate at Vina in Tehama .County, it be
came necessary to ship to that point on his railroad a
large quantity of freight. He had to go to the freight
department for cars, classification and rates, and en
countered so many difficulties that he finally revolted
and ordered flatboats built to carry his freight up the
river in tow of a tugboat. The sequel to the story is that
thereafter no buliness man appealed to him in vain for
redress in any issue caused by the policy of his roads.
As to the other branch of -the Journal's article, resist
ance to economic and partisan agitation alike, we must,
in fairness, partly excuse it. The economic critics of
the American roads admit that if all the partisan propo
sitions for legislation against the roads became the law
it would be impossible to operate the roads at all. Very
naturally the railway managers /treat every proposition
to legislate as the entering wedge for measures that so
impair their control of their property that first it will
cease to be profitable to its owners' and finally will *be
crippled as a public convenience and necessity. When
the latter happens the agitators who have brought it
about stand ready to charge it not to the ignorant "and
defective legislation they have' secured, but to the con
tumacy of the railroads. Then they will demand more
legislation of the same kind and increase a difficulty for
which they and not the railroads are responsible.
From our point of view it is desirable as much as pos
sible to avoid political action by legislation. The econo
mic critics of railway management should be encouraged
to address themselves tc that management only. If the
reforms they propose are valid, if they bring the roads
and the public interest more at one, if they facilitate
rather than impair. the operation of the roads as a quasi
public agency, then they should be adopted by the roads
without waiting for or requiring legislation. In this way
the agitator and economist will be differentiated. It
goes without saying that the greatest cause of public
complaint will be removed by the roads furnishing a
prompt access to some place of authority to patiently
hear and justly decide the grievances of shippers. The
experience of the retired railroad official is' very sugges
tive on that point. He undoubtedly knows that railroad
business cannot be exempt from the incidental disagree
ments that are found in all business. They require set
tlement before they degenerate into a grudge. When
they reach the grudge state then those who suffer them
naturally gravitate to the side of the partisan, demagogue
anti-railroad agitator.
In this State we have pioneered in the matter of get
ting the people and the railroad together. After wasting
many years upon all sorts of fantastic legislative propo
sitions, it has become the practice of the departmental
managers of our railroads and the producers and ship
pers to get together and without heat or recrimination
discuss the issues that arise between them. Examples
of this are seen in the meetings between the citrus fruit
men and the railroads to discuss their mutual interests.
The citrus men do not always /get all they want, but
they feel that they have, been heard. -They have had
that "day in court" which is the highly prized right of
Americans. .When compelled to there statt their case,"
as a business proposition, it often looks less attractive
to them tha'n it did, while it was cherished as a grievance.
On their side the railroad managers find that in such
contact they also must give reasons for their policy, and
it frequently suffers when a reason must be given.
As far as publicity is concerned, this California method
seems to us to secure the most desirable publicity, far
more beneficial than that which crudely considered
statutes seek. to compel. Upon the.whole there is little
to encourage pessimism in the American railroad situ
ation. The service being the cheapest and the best in
the world by reason of voluntary action of the roads
andnpt. by the compulsion of legislation, there should
l>e reason to hope that other causes of. complaint will
disappear in the amicable friction of reasonable discus
sion. - . * '
lowedthe soil. Let it be known that that is the kind of
women 'we have- in California. With a hoe, or rake, or
rolling-pin, they can knock out and put to flight the
boldest burglar in the business, gun and all.
The record of the last year will show that California
women, of the widow Perkins kind, have captured or
routed more burglars than all the men in the State, in
cluding the police. In our hours of ease, uncertain, coy
and hard to please, these ladies, hbe iff hand, are minis
tering angels of vengeance upon the hard heads of law
less men. Mrs. Perkins deserves some public recogni
tion of her ability to hoe her own row, rgainst all the
porch-climbers in the southern citrus belt.
AMERICAN RAILWAYS.
THE ¦ ,'S-A-N; ERA:NGISeQ- g ALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . .-..;.. .¦'.¦;.'. Address All Commtmications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office .. ..:. ...i ............ : . .Third and Market Streets. S. F.
SUNDAY./.............. ¦'•• v .... v . .......... , . JUNE 5. I9°4
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY^ ijUNE 5, 1904:
THE widow Perkins was hoeing in her garden in the
rich soil of Los Angeles when she heard a burglar
•ransacking her house. With her hoe for a weapon
she defied his gun and knocked him down and out, split
ting his scalp and playing a hoe down on his criminal
countenance. .
We offer this woman with the hoe to the poets. -She
is no kin to the ox and no heredity let down her jaw.
She let down the burglar's jaw.and saved hcf hairpins
and purse. When the battle was over she did not scream
nor. faint,' but went back to her garden and her cabbages
with her bloody hoe, and reduced the weeds and mel-
32
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESOil Men Incorporate.
THe Toyali Oil Company, of which
John A. Bunting, I. W. Ross, W. I* B.
Mills, g; A. Scott and J. P. Davies are
dlVectors, was Incorporated yesterday
with a 1 capitall stock of $400,000, all
of which Is subscribed by the directors.
Bunting and, Ross have .each sub
scribed, $125,000 and the others
$50,000.each.
• Fire' gutted the laundry of Sing Lee,
at 306 Jessie street, early last evening.
The Fire Department did remarkable
work in confining the flames to the
building. For a .time the Soto lodg
ing-house, a three-story structure at 32
Fourth street, seemed doomed to de
struction. The total loss caused by
the blaze was over $2000. Nearly half
of this is In clothes destroyed, and, as
the Chinese who conducts the estab
lishment is penniless, his patrons will
have to. suffer. While the building was
burning Lieutenant Nicholson of en
gine 17 fell through a roof. He was
badly scratched and was rescued by
Operator Collins, ; Captain Dougherty
and Lineman Jack Kenny.
Laundry Is Food for Flames.
Because the officers of the British 1
bark Auldgirth disobeyed his orders.
Dr. Cumming,-in charge of the federal
quarantine, will probably detain the
vessel under the ban of the yellow flag
for several days. The Auldgirth ar- ;
rived Thursday night, sixty days from •
Caleta Buena. Fumigation is consid- :
ered a necessity in the case of vessels
coming from the nitrate ports, and on!
Friday morning. the quarantine author-;
itles started sulphur smudges In, the'
Auldglrth's cabins and ordered that' the '
places being smoked be kept closed un- '
til further orders. When Dr. Cumming
boarded the vessel yesterday. Intending
to release her, he found : that those .
aboard had managed the fumlg'atlpn to ]
suit themselves. They had opened the'
doors and released the germ-destroying
fumes. No official administering fed
eral laws at this port is more cour
teous than J£j< Cumming. but when the
occasion demands he knows how to put
down a number six shoe • so that it
sounds like a plledriver. He ordered
the Auldgirth' Into quarantine, and In-'
stead of the mild, almost formal, fumi
gation at first prescribed the bark will
be given the third degree, with smoke )
of double strength.
Disobeyed the Doctor.
G. J. Bradley, president of the club,
assisted by Carleton C. Crane and the
members of the house committee, T.
H. Goodman, F. M.- Jennifer, E. Black
Ryan, J. D. Mansfield and C. D. Tay
lor, received the guests of the even
ing.
The programme was a varied one in
which the Alcazar Quartet and a num
ber of members of the organization
contributed toward the entertainment
of the evening. The club will occupy
Its present quarters until the rooms
now used by the Union League Club
are vacated and refurnished.
The recently organized Transporta
tion Club of San Francisco, composed
of the coast representatives of all the
Important railroad lines in this coun-
Hry, formally opened its temporary
rooms ir the Palace Hotel Friday even
ing with a Jinks. The affair was attend
ed by several hundred railroad men,
who fully taxed the capacity of the
clubroom<$, which are located on the
j half floor of the hotel.
TRANSPORTATION' CLUB
HAS A HOUSEWARMING
Sixty-four applicants took the ex
amination yesterday for engineer In
the Fire Department. The examina
tion was held at the Girls' High
School buildings. The results will b«
announced in thirty days.
Take Engineers' Examination.
The, will of Pierre G. Somps. th«
sodawater manufacturer, was filed for
probate yesterday. It disposes of an
estate worth $230,000. The widow ia
named as executrix and to her is left
the entire estate, with the exception
of the following bequests: To the Loge
Maconie la Parfaite Union No. 17.
$2500; to O. Bozlo and his son, $1000
each; to A. F. Benard, $1000; to rela
tives of the deceased residing in New
York and France, $12,500; to Jules
Somps of Oakland, $500. and to Pierre
Somps of this city. $500.
Somps' Will Is Filed.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Alameda, Captain Dowdell, sailed
yesterday for Honolulu with a full car
go and passengers, among whom were
the following: W. W. 'Alward, Mrs. Al
ward, Miss Winifred A. Beal, A. W.
Bottoraley, A. A. Brltton, J. T. Camp
bell, Mrs. Campbell, Mrs. A. Du Bols,
Mrs. G. L. Fisher and two children, A.
A. Greenland, R. S. Greenland. Mrs. E.
C. Hagar, Miss Louise Hagar. T. A.
Hayes, Mrs. Hayes, E. Hildebrand,
Mrs. Hildebrand. F. L. Hoogs, L.
Honlgsberger, Master F. Hughes, Mas
ter J. Hughes, Miss Edna Krouse. Miss
M. Llchtenberg. Mrs. M. Matthews. Miss
Nettle Meek, D. L. Meyer. Miss R. E.
Meyer, Miss C. M. Mills. A. Moore, Mrs.
Moore, A. H. Moffitt, Mrs. W. C. Pea
cock, Miss Peacock. D. P. Robinson, P.
S. Rossiter, S. S. Toplltz, John Trant,
Mrs. Trant and child and E. S. Work
man.
Alamedn SaiLs for Honolulu.
Anna I. King, In an answer to the
suit for divorce brought againsti her
by: James E. King, owner of a litho
graphic establishment, denies that she
is addicted to the use of intoxicants,
as he alleges in his complaint. She
asks that the decree of divorce be
awarded to her and that she also be
given $30 a month alimony.
Lillian Davis is seeking a divorce
from W. H. Davis, to whom she was
married at Los Angeles In December,
1888, on the ground of neglect." She
alleges that he has not provided for
ner since June 1, 1895, on which date,
she says, he deserted her.
John B. Wetmore filed a suit for
divorce yesterday against Erna E.
Wetmore, who became his wife at Lodi
on- April 7, 1902. He claims that she
left him the day she became his wife
and has. since refused, to return to
him. He says she is now residing In
Stockton.
Charles A. Telles asks for a divorce
from Lillie B. Telles on the ground of
cruelty. He also asks the custody of
their daughter.
Dr. W. F. H. Osmun, who Is being
sued for divorce by Dorothy A. Osmun,
in his answer to the suit filed yesterday
denies that he ever deserted his wife.
He denies also that he enjoys a large
income from his practice, and asks the
court to refuse her prayer for a divorce
and $100 a month alimony.
DENIES THAT SHE DRINKS.
Lottie Belle Johnson, who was mar
ried to Eugene Johnson at Oakland in
May, 1891, wants a divorce from him
on the ground of desertion. She says
that in May of last year he abandoned
her and their two children.- • i
OSMUX ANSWERS SUIT.
alleging that he has not provided for
her since June, 1903. She asks $10 a
month alimony and $100 counsel fees.
They were married in December ,1901.
Friction has arisen in the National
Guard because a man has recently
been assigned to duty in the office of
the division commander who has de
clined to forward to headquarters re
ports and papers not prepared in cor
rect military manner. He has re
turned them to the officers who certi
fied to them as correct with Instruc
tions to make out the papers as they
should be. A number of officers of
high rank object to such supervision
and threaten to resign from the guard.
The National Guard encampment
will be held during the latter half of
August at a site yet to be selected.
An election will be held in Com
pany F, First Infantry, for captain,
vice Eggert, whose term has expired.
Major Curzon will preside at an
election for captain and first lieuten
ant in Company A, Fifth Infantry, vice
Hunt and Peterson, terms expired.
An election will be held in Troop A,
cavalry, for first lieutenant, vice Wells,
term expired. *:'" 1 ,
Resignations Are Threatened Because
of Stricter Requirements — Three-
Commands Hold Elections.
There should be a law to prohibit peo
ple from impersonating actors on the
stage.
GUARD OFFICERS DISLIKE
AX EXTRA SUPERVISION*
Mrs. Selby secured her divorce on the
ground of neglect, proving to the satis
faction of Judge Hebbard that her hus
band, though a jack of all trades, was
master of none, and was therefore a
poor provider. She showed that she
had to keep a lodging-house in order to
support herself and two children. Her
suit for divorce was brought after Sel
by had sued Donald McRae, the furni
ture man, who owns the lodging-house
kept by Mrs. Selby, for $50,000 damages
for alienating the affections of Mrs.
Selby.
Aunle Steck, who secured a divorce
from Paul Steck in February, 1900, filed
notice to her former husband and his
attorneys yesterday that she demands
that he pay her the alimony awarded In
her decree. She says he owes her $1050,
never having paid anything since the
divorce was granted.
John R". McDonald, an employe of the
United States Government, is the de
fendant in a suit for divorcs brought by
Ella McDonald. She charges neglect.
SUES MeRAE.
Accompanying Selby's notice that he
will" move to set aside the decree of di
vorce is a long statement in his own
handwriting of the facts that led up. to
the difference between himself and his
wife. It contains many reflections on
American courts and laws, and* sets
fcrtn that the petitioner does not think
it a crime to be poor. He says Robert
Louis Stevenson was once poverty
stricken, and that therefore it could
not be considered that he (Selby) dis
graced himself when he became poor.
He claims also that his wife should not
be allowed to plead his poverty as a
ground for divorce, and says that, in
his opinion, when poverty, overtakes a
husband it is the wife's duty to help
him until such time as he again be
comes self-supporting.. r ;f
Isaac Selby, the Australian minister,
lecturer, debater, author, solicitor,
teacher and insurance agent, from
whom Theresa Beatrice Selby obtained
a decree of divorce in Judge Hebbard's
court last January, is dissatisfied with
the judgment of the court He filed a
notice yesterday that he would on Fri
day next appear before Judge Hebbard
and ask that the decree be declared
null and void on the ground that it was
obtain£d because he, as his own attor
ney, did' not have sufficient knowledge
of the law to present his case or to pro
duce evidence in refutation of that of
his wife. ;
These twelve men will sit in judg
ment upon Jacob Eppinger, the erst
while grain king, who is charged by
the International Banking Company
with obtaining money under false pre
tenses. The trial on a criminal charge
is the outgrowth of the failure of the
firm of Eppinger & Co. about one year
ago. The failure "looked bad" to the
men on the street and an investigation
and the indictment of Jacob Eppinger
followed. « I'
The work of selecting the jury has
proceeded very slowly, occupying the
court for three days. Attorneys Ach,
Shortridge and Dunne for the defense
fought hard to have the entire panel
dismissed on technical grounds, but
the court overruled their objections
and the work of selecting talesmen
was begun. Each prospective juror
was put through a most rigid exami
nation by the defense, while the prose
cution passed the majority with but
few interrogations.
The defense was particularly care
ful to keep men out of the jury box
who were connected in any manner
with the banking Institutions of the
city and might thus be prejudiced
against the defendant. The question
was repeatedly asked: "If you knew
the banks of this city had combined
to prosecute this defendant, would it
influence you In any manner?" Aside
from the reference to a combination
of bankers no intimation has as yet
been given as to what lines the defense
will follow. ¦
The taking of testimony will begin
at 10 o'clock to-morrow rooming.
Goldwin McAvoy, retail shoe mer
chant, 1516% Vallejo street; William
Pllger, pleater, 24 16 Van Ness avenue;
John Manning:, retired policeman, 1329
Union street; John F. Plumbe, real
estate dealer, 1402 Valencia street;
John E. Sills, pumping machinery
dealer, 1824 Page street; John G,
Hasshagen, retired grocer, 2200 Grove
street; Henry Muus, grocer, Powell
and Clay streets; John Blake, -car
penter and builder, 131 Page street;
Peter Shannon, retired npn-commls
sioned army officer, 1228 Union street;
James Gibney,- insurance agent, 1339
Laguna street; Julian It. Fairweather,
carpenter, 407 Steiner street; Bernard
Gallagher, 1 retired ship chandler, 1179
Ellis street.
Talesmen Rigidly Questioned
Regarding Possible Con
nections With Local Banks
Files Notice That He Will
• Ask Judge Hebbard to Re
. verse Decision in Case
HINTS AT COMBINATION*
SLUES AMERICAN LAWS
Jury Is Secured After Long
Delay and Taking of Testi
mony Will Begin Monday
Australian Minister Claims
Divorce Obtained by His
Wife Should Be Set Aside
READY TO TRY
EPPINGER CASE
SELBY MAKES
NEW APPEAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO;-. CALL,- SUNDAY, JUNE 5, 1904.
33
' AJVEBTISTSM-PNTS.
G0e30Q000©C00©000G0©0©00©000©0000 000»«000
29c ONTHE DOLLAR
Our entire stock and the stock of a large New York
manufacturer Will Be and Must Be sold out at 29c
on the dollar and in many instances at less.
The Greatest Slaughter of Prices Ever Known
Tailor Suits at $2.95. $3.95, $4.95 and $7.45
Silk Shirt Waist Suits at $6.95. $7.95 and $8.45
Walking Skirts at 75c, 95c, $1.45 and $1.95
Dress Skirts at $1.45, $1.75, $2.45, $3.95
Silk Waists at 95c, $1.95 and $2.45
Jackets at 95c, $1.45, $1.95 and $2.45
Children's Coats at 75c, 95c, $1.25 and $1.95
Long Coats at $4.95, $6.45 and $7.95
Sale Continues Monday at 9 a.m.
M^^^ Wholesale Manufacturers 5}
1 1 42- 1 1 46 Market St.
MOWS THE TIME TO
We're Getting Ready for Summer, Everything in the Way of
j # Used and Slightly Shopworn Pianos to Be Closed Out.
It is indeed surprising how many used Pianos of other makes come to ua al-
¦ most daily in part payment for our fine new Hazelton, and Decker, and Lester,
' and Kimball Upright and Grand Pianos.
Most of them are really excellent instruments, though possibly a trifle out of
j date when compared •with modern catalogue styles.
Times are very prosperous! New homes are building everywhere, and when
i they are occupied a fine new Piano is esaential in the new environments. The old
piano is discarded.
That is how most of the instruments enumerated in the list came to the
Pommer-Eilers establishment.
Then there are also a number of very fine, new Pianos that may have been
consigned or placed on sale with country dealers, who could not find ready sale
for such expensive instruments, and returned them at a discount, v
i Again, there are also some really new instruments which have suffered slight
! mars or bruises in an overcrowded warehouse. These have also been thrown into
' this sale to make it one of general and extensive interest.
j The prices named are on a strictly cash basis. Any instrument in the sale
I may.be obtained on time payments, however, by paying simple interest on <5e-
! ferred payments at eight per cent per annum.
I Payments as low as $5 a month, or at other stated periods agreeable to the
purchaser, may be arranged for.
Instruments ordered by telegram will be reserved only until letter can arrive,
and will be shipped anywhere subject to examination and trial.
Every instrument has been placed in the best possible condition, and we
guarantee each one to represent a positive saving of nearly one-third to the re-
i tall buyer. Remember our agreement. "Money back if not satisfactory," goes
with every instrument in this sale. . :
Call or write at once. Pommer-Eilers Music Company, 653 Market street i3
the address. Here is a partial list:
KIMBALI PIANOS. Weber Concert Grand, was $1500
(The Artist's Favorite.) now 8323
2 Kimball Upright Pianos, were $350 Kimball Parlor Grand.iwas $1000
each now S—!»5 now sXr''?
1 Kimball Upright Piano, ebony case. <!»•»<•»
was $450 now 8UN."> MISCELLANEOUS USED 0PEIOHX
1 Klmball Upright Piano, walnut case. PIANOS
was $500 — — ¦•• - no - «203 £ B Chage %5g
SEC&iiA- , ¦ now now < R* > K"»
,'rv , (The Old Reliable) Mathushek, was $400. ...... .now Sl»()
1 Decker, largest size, elegant mahogany Ludw ,g f mah ogany case, good as n w
case, was $550 .now $4<!."» wn «T $300 .7. .now «1 «ri
1 %2wr?r. M -| KSgH» pEf ill! :::::::::SS^ m
HAZELTON. . . 3 Smith & Barnes, oak cases, were $300
(America's Aristocratic Art Product.) each ....'...:.... now $1<;7
1 Hazelton, walnut case, large size, was Hobart M.. Cable, was $350.. now JRIO,'
$660 ....now 84125 Antlcell. was $300 now $1OO
I.ESTEB. Emerson. wns = $325 .... .now tfJJl S
(Philadelphia's Finest) FatEv^n^isfs' * •••••••••¦ -"°w ga«5
1 Lester Upright, was $500.. now «375 Wine'&^on was' $275 "'no» StKS
The instruments' that follow have been C rowii ' was" $400 " ' " " TnTu «of £
on rental or returned from interior deal- £ffi ™ 8 aH |4 ,S$b • '. ' . \ . '. \ '. \ '.now 8l4B
HiNZE pianos. ? 0 eas 0 e v . er war$ fl Jo 50 ::-::::::::n n oT gi&S
1 Hinze, walnut case, was $250....... Chickering. was $500 .now S^OO
• now 8175 Hartman. was $250 now Sn.-J
2 Hinze. mahogany case, were $2o0 B ord & Co.. was $250 now SuiK
• • • • • • • • • now «l rr, RonlscH, was $250'. now 875
1 Hinze, oak. was $285 now 8175 * 7 °
POMULB-nUISS. - f „ c SQTJABE FIAKOS.
3 walnuts, were $300. . .now. each 81OO f?*£!; T <£?™Z*-™%£l 00 ' ' I ' - now *i*
2 mahogany, were $300..now. each »1 J)() K?»»t* q ? ZL'nZ t!« s^nn ' ' ' - nOw *«5
1 oak. was $300..... ...now »1» O ™ *.™° ' ' ' VoZ 2^
..¦¦:, ¦;•'-..' . BBINKEBHOFP. Decker, was $600 .'now 85O
2 Brinkerhoff Pianos, mahogany case. Steinway, was $550. ......... .now 87O
. were $285 each. ...... now 8180 Young, was $300 now jH"t."»
1 Brinkerhoflt. walnut case, was $285..-. Zeck, waa $300 now 8T»
now 818O Hallet & Davis, was $400 now 83S
1 Brinkerhoff. oak, was $285. now 8180 V8XiJi PIANO platEBS.
-;- " THATEB. i Cecellan, oak case 1 , was $250 .. '. .
3 Thayer Pianos, mahogany, were $250 . ....; now 5*1 ill
each ......now 8107 1 Angelus, was $250. ...... ..now 820O
1 Thayer, walnut, was $250. .now 8167 1 Pianola, was $250. . . . . . . . .now §13O
DRAPER. , 9 were $275 each ..; ....
1 Draper, mahogany, was $265........ .......'. .....'. now 81 .•»."»
.....now 81O5 1 Regal, was $250. ...now $l<>5
1 Draper, oak. was $265. ... now 8165 xrsED SELP-PI.AYINO ELECTBIO
BAILEY, i - . PZANOS
2 **"!*'. ™^?f f" y . . Ca9 . e : .Tf ""now^i^fi i "Peerless." "Milton.': was . $600 .... . . .
¦ ¦ 1 ••Peeriess."'was*$656:::::.Jlow 8525
1 MUton. mahogany, was $350 ....;.. i "Peerless," was $700 now 8550
• ;••• ;iii* now Cj^ 1^ * "Peerless," "Pommer-Eilers," was $550
1 Milton, walnut, was $350.. now 8187 ...... now «4'£t
The Instruments that follow have been 4 *
used and taken in exchange for other In- . XTSEB OEOAKS.
struments sold by us: ¦--'.; In used Organs we have every known
..... USED GRAND PZANOS. make. l including Klmball, Estey. Mason
Bteinway Concert Grand, was $1500.:.. & Hamlin, ranging in price from 85 to
;............ now 8395 835- fH^; j
Chickering Concert Grand, was $1200... vlf you are Interested in one of these
now*835O send for list and prices. . ' • ". ,
POMMER-EILERS MUSIC CO., 653 Market Street
San Francisco's Busiest and Best Piano Dealers.
AJDVEET1SE1LENT3.
Used and Recommended by the Crowned
Heads and the Elite of the World.
"" " " • ~— ~w|
{•¦' ¦'¦ ifijfukPSIiJR^&^&y^^ :.'¦:' '¦'¦'¦']'¦' : ; : ;'' : :
¦¦ '¦"¦¦ - : ¦¦-•¦¦- ¦-¦'¦.•.*:¦''*.'*;¦ ¦;-:¦¦; .-.'''^bBiIb^BSw^'* 1 **'' v ** "5flR^3?S^a5KMf^^ ¦"¦ ' ¦:-:->:-y''-Xv'':'''y ; '' 1 -'*
. : ¦ vi^^mnH^^^'-'i' "*" J^^^^S^^^3HBb^B^: ; : : :-: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : >:v':J
¦ ¦. . '¦' *^^SKra^^^BBSKSjiitr^jS* '*"¦ "¦ ' ' ''"" '"' ¦"'jBBfliBI^HB^BlS^^HBS^SS[*^cf^ "'¦"¦"" """"¦¦"""' " - *¦"'-"*'¦ °5
ED. PINAUD'S
(PRONOUNCED PEE-NO)
EAU DE QUININE
HAIR TONIC
The Greatest Hair and Scalp Tonic in the World.
Mado by Parfumerie ED. PiNAUD, 18 Place Vendoms, Pans.
MO other hair tonic has such a world-wide reputation.
*:§ ONCE TRIED ALWAYS USED. It makes 'the hair
beautiful, prevents dandruff, stops falling hair, restores the
scalp to a healthy condition, and, if used regularw, pre-
serves the hsir to a ripe old age. FOR SALE B> ALL
FIRST-CLASS DEALERS EVERYWHERE. FREE SAM-
PLE will bi sent to anyone I We are the largest manutao
sending 6 cents mlStamps to turers in the world of high
pay postage to New York grade perfumes. Our name is
office, Ed. PiniUd's head- a guarantee of highest quality,
quarters, Ed. P naud's Build- - Part " m9^ c E i P , ia * ud ' '*
ing. New York City. \ PUce Vendome, Paris.
ADVEBTISEMENTaL _^_*
The L,ast of a Great Edition!
frMI(b4ftlfa^fcW^& < I For severaI months the AMERICAN NEWSPAPER ASSOCIA-
TION has been supplying complete sets of the famous ENCYCLO-
|^^|M^MJ^|L|^M< PAEDIA BRITANNICA— Twentieth Century Edition— direct to iti
fi ' readers upon special terms. The plan of sale has resulted in a saving of
(^4§fflt^^feit^l^[^^ more than TWO MILLIONS OF DOLLARS to subscribers. Tens of
r ~ = thousands of homes have been supplied, and whole trainload3 of book3
ikkiil^^ilusS^iliH have been shipped to all parts of the country in this GREATEST
W^W^mWinJWSi BOOK DISTRIBUTION OF MODERN TIMES.
|p: || # : = »ffiS«=- But the cnd oi a mammotn coition is in sight, and if you would take
Jltfff Wn r^§7f f "^Fl^f^S^' advantage of the present terms you must
Get a Britannica NOW!
o^mfllwlT'yW^I ou w '" Probably never again be offered such terms. . The price
E^^mg|^gfeOByS^ has been placed at LESS THAN ONE-HALF what the publishers
W^^s^^n^Viliif^^^l asked. And while this printing lasts, the entire set of 31 splendid vol-
= t : I ;|gf|£ j||g f^g = fe umes will be sent to any address upon payment of the first dollar.
77/ I )ift^fl^f h lfiiw]0=5>l Thereafter the balance may be soon paid at the rate of only
Ten' Cents a Day!
Think of it! A three million dollar library— acknowledged king of
J-^S Islra # : =3HJFtlft^- [ a^ reference works — is thus placed within reach of every home in the
#^v^<hT^|Snpf uTrfijpl^-^gg^ land. It is no wonder that the demand has been record-breaking!
I t : *%Vi''kr ~$fr tsl : iw g§jts==* ' You cannot afford to let this great offer pass by. It is likely that
W ff^ W ll-'fl^nnnt^^^ • you w '^ get SRITANNICA some time, for this work has come to be
- £$H t-f $ (ife (^ kr^L~^\ almost as much a necessity in the home as the Bible. Then why not
ofifff^^^^yi get 5t now?
The 'Price Must Advance!
lljfffi&llpSi T M4€sife^L^p^^^^ The increased cost of material and labor makes .it necessary to ad-
• nt±IiE^l^MSili^iI-Jui-i^^^'' > vance the price. We have previously given warning of this fact.
ffiuM^lrfilf UiFi^^x nOt put °^ oinz a srood thing. Cut off the coupon below
(J^|f^((^i(g/ NOW while you are reading these lines and before you lay aside this
WuWulf^Uufmf^^Ji paper, and obtain, FREE OF CHARGE, sample pages and full partic-
«^iiM^^ -^ifeyy^^l UlafS in reRard to stvles of and our offer of less than half-
rai^^B^O ™ at is sAn> ° f ™-
\M^yP^^^&^^t^l\vMi&^ "It Is without a peer in the whole noble army of encyclopaedia*." —
"The Encyclopaedia Britannica is king of Its tribe." — PROF. DAVID
Jp§a Ij^^^^yC^to^ W$t<' \ "II al l other books were destroyed, the Bible excepted, the world
fflTj ffifpfflStel^^^^^S^' -^ I would lose but littie of its information." — SPURGEON.
I BOOKCASE FREE!
A limited number of bookcases will be given free of charge to The
Call readers who respond promptly. The CouDon below will be
jp3^aU^«^ i lp^y|^^^~'7H known as the Bookcase Coupon, and should be mailed at once. '
31 massive v/oiumes. j^^Cut Out and Mail This Coupon To-Day
lA/e- eht Over 200 Pounds Fop Porticu!aps o? Oup Great Ofger to Call Readers.
P 6-5-04
Ti.. ¦ V ..-_ T -.':*¦ ¦--¦ -. _ ...
The American Newspaper Association.
Farrott Buildiajr, Saa Francisco, CaL
.MM. .^|. w»» w.« |^| ™1 SLy r c"p«dia"ltr S (Bo P iicc P a a ,ryu n p <I on) in '""
D Ton can nay the balance lown ................ .County. ............. State....«««« # , #^
M. at the rate of only 10c
a day for a .hort.time. SAN FRANCISCO CALL BUREAU
For Breakfast
V/ON SERKFY PAQ
'£ ENGINE CO.
A^yV^JJrf The latwt perfect
\| i *5^|'j* ?mar»ntf*d en jtne en
WSli'«*5r th» market.
ft ! V" ¦ r*Jf% Engines kept la
fa | If -. " r : #7* repair for one year at
IB ; H : ..;¦ I^^^_ n ° cost to purchaser
¦ 4 ! iLLJLt\l P!3k and money refunded
il?4feB~^»«J •iT3\ fn fu!1 " cd *««>«
H CJP • -*Jn ¦''*! t*k e n back If not
' K i^X» "~"' r ~'"nl $M satisfactory.
U > f} j'J. Igl Sr,M on in*ta!l-
f-j-ff ¦* - ; ' 3f Correspondence ln-
j_^-JX 219-221 Main St.
All Style*. Guaranteed.
Ton know! Wher« th» dolls swing in
the window.
1051 Market St.
{j visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
Museum of mnvm\
V Q) lC31UXXIT£X.kt8:U7a,«.rc»l Q
\ Xf The Lvrctl Anuoaical MmcuB in tfec \
W ¦«¦« World Wmt.ain or ii.y f ommtrrf A
L fcl £** <«!«»»* P»»»«l»»-»r r.,.4 l, r ,ht olCMI T
• /SSI *peo»lino«il»eCottt Eit^^tut O
6 h&£*l CS. JORDAN-DISEASES CF MEN 6
i P€*»£H C«MollatHm frei and ttrictijr prirtte. \
d I 1/V.U Ii""" crt P"»«l r « b r irtltr. A A
\ I ¥ H +—**— ««"«»«»«»7cai«iuiden»lten. f
/If lift Wnttfor rtook. rnil.OnnrBY^ A
" B P> itniiut, mmixb rut. Uf
\ Q fa. valuable back tor ere) \
V OB. JAUDiX A CO.. 1061 Mar^t Kt.. S. P. Y
;H. S. BRIDGE .&. CO.
: MERCHANT TAILORS. ||
:'.- : 622 Market Street. !:
; Up Suirs. Opp. Palace Hotel. '.',
: SAN FRANCISCO. iB.F.Stoll. dentist; :Halsht & Masonic ay>
*¦ When^a' man! doesn't.' dare .look any
body in the face; in a' street car.it is a
sign* he, is. wearing *a' necktie his 'wife
picked out* for him. *"•'¦ ¦ ',' v '.-¦'- - : ??:-~
• Som* very swell wedding Invitations coma
from Edward a." Knowles; 24 Bwond' street :-' • •
Michael :. Angelo > was" fondest of • the
books ' of Moses and the Psalms* of Da
vid/ ¦ -¦'' -A. /;••;.-, ¦•¦¦¦"'•¦ ¦¦ . -¦¦-.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Dmsrlsts. 60c fiask. / Richard *.Co.. 406 Clay.*
8T,~: LOUIS, June 4.— T»>« followinr Call
forniaas have 'visited £bt LoulsUsa Purchase
Exposition: _", ' " .'
.From Emu' Fr»nci»e»— W. O. Obeaoaer. A.
Z. Hlrach. Mrs. M. K. Fetter. A. C. Bane
and family. T. HX W«bb. E. D. BuUard. D«1I»
Bullard. Louella Grlawold, ¦ E. K. Duulevy.
Henry Marx. ; Un.' U. r VT7 Griawold. Mn. T.
Nevin." W. 6. Booth. T. V. O'Brien. O. H.
Mackroth, Leiter N. Sacks, Dora Wlnn, J. A.
Ivey, Mr. "and- Mr«." C.- Jacob*. "Mr». O. C.
Boardman. Charles Hlrsch. K. A. Halcombe,
W. A. Savin "A. B. Kbner, Mn. T. E. Haydea.
J. Hanotll .and, wife. • J. McEvan and wife.
Frank McSherry.- D. S. St*ele. Mr. and Mra.
McTCensle. W. B.-Davli. U. H-- Wilea. Mabel
Wattson. John Cooper. . .
From Los. Angeles— John Cooper and family,
S. M. Slnsabauich.- Mrs. A: B. Kelsey, C. A.
Cole, Francis Cole. E. C. Howe. W. P. Turner,
Mra. M^L.. Delcourt. Abble O. Trent. W., 8.
Hook Jr., A.' H. l*rren,.Mrs. M. A. Dealson,
Alice D. Moffitt. A. Frankmberr. Mr. and
Mrs J. -A. Edward. W. H. Welsh. W. 8.
Tupper, K.' I* Parrott. ,Mr»." W. S. Hook.
Thomas L«CDln, Mrs. W. J. Oliver. Florence
W. Cole. Mm. Charles Forrester. C. W. Mor
•From Oakland— W. MY 6teohena, D. S.
Roeck;n and wife. J. A. Warner.
From Stanford University— F. " C. Bailey, C
8 -Bucher. J. D. W'alllnrtord. ¦ '
. F>om Santa Rpsa— A. G. WelKht. . ' -^-
'• .Krom Fre«no^-Mr«. T. E. Twin tus: and son.
• ' From Eureka — H. G««rlng:. . . ->
From , 8lsi>cn — V. ,-E. , Warren. . •
TFrom Placerrllle^ — Jessie Simon, Mrs. D. Si- 1
mon: Florence Simon. " * • v- .
? From National City— Frank A.- KlmbalL
From Stocktcn— Guy Flfield. . -.--.
I ' From ' Berkeley— 3: M. ' Stert.
j From Pasadena — Mrs. V.- K. 'CondlL
iFrom San Jose—^-Florence Buchanan. s
'From Ban'MattOT-J. D. -Mouser and wtf».
- From r Oceanilde— J. ; C. llorkln*on. -
; From Alameda-^J. ¦ H. Coder and wife.
'_,Froin 'Pasadena— Robert and Mrs. Burdette.
H. L.- Randall: / : ," . . . . . .
.'FromsHanfoya— Mrs. .11. A. Harlow.
E From Tuolumne-^-Mr. 'and Mrn. J. H. Jones.
.From 'Santa Barbara— Casper Elllnser. -
.From San Joaquln— "-C. V. Newton.
. From Stent — L_ P.' Black and family.
¦ ¦ From . Turlock— -3. '¦ l N. ' Sundquit. ' -
' Fromt Lo ji> — P.'^urts." -. • : • **4«apH|S
;<1 From Central .House— C. »M. McWhlte. Mra.
C. - M.- McWhltt. • » . . '
.-. From '• I^-mopre— Mra. j L.- L.; Docker.
.'From Bully Hill— M. B.'c.' Fletcher.^
VISITORS AT EXPOSITION*.
National Automobile Association, Bank
Clerks' Institute, Bar Association of
'America, Chiefs - of Police, Creamery
and Buttermakers of America, Trans-
Mississippi Commercial Congress, Dairy
and Food Commissioners' Congress, Or
der of Eastern Star, Florist Society of
America. National Hay Association, Li
brary Association, military surgeons,
nut growers, osteopathlc and obstetri
cians, Pomological Society, Poultry
Association, retail druggists and Seed
Trade Association. .
¦ In assigning the different chances to
the States it was . understood that no
other locality would make a bid for the
convention. It is expected that such an
agreement will result in, great good to
the entire Pacific; Coast. Each State
will name the place to which the con
vention is. to go in- the event of the or
ganization accepting, the invitation.
This _ will be- the. first time that such
concerted action- 'has been attempted,
andaccording to the men that have the
matter In hand will greatly simplify the
matter of selecting convention cities.
AH questions were discussed by Mor
ris Brooke* of. Sacramento, Tom Rich
ardson of, Portland, I. B. McMahill of
San Jose, Rufus P. Jennings of San
Francisco, A. "Frank Neate of -Fresno
and James Horsburg of the Southern
Pacific Company. .
* Telegrams were sent, to the Holstein
convention, now in session at -Syra
cuse, N. Y., requesting the organization
to meet in Stockton in 1905. A tele
graphic message .. was sent . to Chief
Wittman.ln St. Louis and to the con
vention of chiefs' of police asking that
the next gathering be held in San
Francisco. The jCredlt Men's Associa
tion is in session in St. Louis, and a
wire was sent to the California delega
tion-requesting them to stand by Port
land for the meeting in 1905. . .
F. r p. Wright, a shoe /merchant of
San Francisco and- Los Angeles, is
among the visitors to the fair.
' Charles, B. Smith, a wealthy rancher
of Stockton! is visiting the fair. Smith
took an Alton, 111., girl -as. his bride a
few. days ago arid this, is his .honey
moon trip. .*'.•-». • . . . '
J. E. Crump, the? Acampo, San Joa
quin County, olive oil producer, is
here with his .wife. ' ': * ¦ ' ¦-_
' Fred Esola, • formerly a • police cap
tain .in San Francisco, '. is -prominent
among. the World's Fair concessioners.
He is- a heavy- stockholder. "in the
Chinese Village on the Pike' and is
keeping an eye on "its construction. It
will be one . of. the . prettiest features
of the midjvay. There is a Chinese
theater attached, some of the talent
of which will come from San Fran
cisco. . ¦ * • • . . H • . .'-,- \ V -. •". '
One of five brothers who conduct
an extensive fruit exchange in the
principal cities of Australia Is visiting,
the fair. In conversation with Dr. H.
C. Dimock, representing Santa Bar
bara County in the Horticultural
building, h^' said actual analysis show
ed that the California lemon contained
fourteen per cent more acid and sixteen
per cent more juice than the Clcily pro
duct. His firm secures all lts.lemons
from Fresno and Tulare counties. ' He
said exporters should i be careful to
properly "cure" their lemons for ship
ment, as losses injured the trade. ,
Osniun Johnson, a wealthy Stanis
laus County farmer, whose wealth has
been greatly augmented by the, new
Irrigation systems there, is here with
his family, after a tour of Europe.
Johnson j is sorry hl« county made no
special exhibit at the fair, and says
it is destined to become one of the
greatest in the State.
Thomas Magee - Jr. N and George
Whittell of San Francisco are among
the Exposition visitors. ,¦: , • :
The Benguiat family has in ''the
Smithsonian Institution at Washington
a collection 'of Jewish religious relics
that has formed the' subject -of maga
zine articles. It is very valuable. The
Boston Museum also contains ¦, many
curios collected by Hadji Benguiat.
"There is nothing in the collection
for sale," said Mordecal Benguiat. "My
father takes great pride in it and will
make the exhibit to educate the pub
lic. Every one can be taught to know
at once the difference between a: rare
and an inferior article, and all can
become connossieurs if they, will only
observe." " . - .
There is in the collection one rug
bought by Vitall Benguiat at the cele
brated" Marquant sale ,, in New York
cjty for *J3S,0O0..It was a present from
one ruler to another, and in it is woven
a message of greeting. It was thus in'
the days before wireless telegraphy
and the American district.: tortoise
came into general. use' that the Em
perors communicated with each other.
The housewife who wanted two loaves
of bread at the baker's simply stitched
in her order .on a remnant' from the
bargain counter and sent it down by
the hired man.
shown. The mosaic fountain, bearing
date of 600 years ago, will be exhibit
ed just as it stood in the mysterious
city.
The collection . illustrates different
periods and consists, of specimens, of
continental and oriental costumes and
ecclesiastical, objects, ' "tapestries,
shawls, porcelains, silverware, Jewelry,
Chinese and Japanese, relics and rich
cathedra!"' relics obtained, during the
Spanish-American war. There „" is a
ring of the thirteenth 'century, .taken
from the Alhambra and jj the^ largest
Persian Royal silk carpet .: in . the
world; a Byzantine carved .wood
church altar front of the fifth century,
a silver canopy made In" Spain" Iri the
seventeenth _ century, weighing: over
1000 ounces and said to be the largest
silver ornament In the world. 1 '- :
The original Interiors of three'of .the
rooms of the Damascus Palace will be
"Is there?" counter-queried Weilbye.
"You Just bring along your own and
your neighbor's children and all the
rest of the youngsters in your State,
and I'll guarantee every one of them a
Job picking fruit."
The stranger was incredulous for a
time, but was convinced when told that
many seasons fruit actually rotted be
cause of lack of labor to gather it. .
The Easterners form some misconcep
tions, like those that grew when Cali
fornia was only a golden El Dx>rado
and it was thought one could take a
buckskin bag and gather enough nug
gets anywhere before breakfast to ob
viate the necessity of working for a
year. Now an impression is gaining
ground that city life in California is
rendered uncomfortable in^ winter be
cause the December rains knock the
ripening fruit from the apricot and
peach trees that line the streets, caus
ing the chokins of surface drains and
an overflow of the thoroughfares.
California canned fruit has one ele
ment of unpopularity, in that the can
nera are unable to put enough in one
can. When a two-pound can of Cali
fornia 'peaches is opened and only
three peaches are found in it the East
erner is prone to think he has gone
against a confidence game, though he
has to acknowledge that the scales
show proper weight.
From San Francisco is coming one of
the most notable displays the Louisiana
Purchase Exposition will contain.* The
wonderful Benquist . collection \ is t^ be
brought here and shown In a structure
that will have a place of honor in. front
of the Administration building. There
are many people in San Francisco who
do not know . of this rare . congress i of
relics, valued at $1,000,000, that now. re
poses in the Benqulst home, at 920 Ful
ton street. It is the result of yearsof
expert collection by Hadji Ephraim
Benquist, who moved to San Francisco
in 1894 from Boston, where '. ; he was
known as the "beggar for museums.'.'
and Vitall Benquist, his brother, who Is
a connossieur will known .throughout
Europe. • Mordecal . Benquist, son of
Hadji, is here to attend the details. '.
A man of moderate means who said
he wanted to buy a small fruit orchard
and spend the rest of his days on it
was impressed by Alameda County's
exhibit and catechized Commissioner
Weilbye.
"Is there anything there- the children
can work at during vacation ?'\ was his
final query.
The way they take to it, however, fore
tells the eclipse of the gr6en article in
time. Commissioner Merritt of Santa
Barbara has' been distributing' ripe
olives to visitors, and nearly every
Easterner who samples them says he
had never tasted any before and is sur
prised that he has remained in ignor
ance of their excellence so long. Many
have taken the addresses of firms from
whom they can procure the j ripe olive
in California. Similar interest has. been
shown in other products. Including
wines,* and many a California firm will
receive orders a's a direct result or the
fair. r . .
1 The Oriental Warehouse Company
%vas incorporated yesterday with a
capital stock of $500,000, of which
13500 is subscribed by the following
71. P. Schwerin, W. F. Herrin. Will
liam Sproule, C. H. Markham. Louis
nosenfeld. J. E. Foulds and D. D.
Stubbs. The first five named are dil
rectors of the corporation.
Will Build Warehouses.
Stare* run dally between Boulder Creole and
TUg Ba'bln Park, connecting with the Southern
pacific Coast I*ine. Leave Boulder Creek 1:16
1>. m., arriving at the park 3:15 p. m. ; leave
the perk 9 a, m.. arriving: at Boulder Creek 11
ul. m. .-tat» fare, round trip, J2; free bae
«ate allowed. 4t> pounds. Round trip tickets
Jrom San Franclw» to the park *old for $.". In
£an Francisco, Oakland and Alamrda. •
Stage Service to Big Basin.
One thing that rather surprises the I
Californians is the lack of knowledge !
the Easterner shows of the ripe olive.
custodian of a booth
. CALL. BUREAU, WORLD'S FAIR,
ST. LOUIS, June 4.— They're all going
to California. ' That's what the county
commissioners think from the ques
tions asked them and the intense con
cern shown by visitors in the exhibit of]
the Golden State. Never has the land j
of fruits . made such a. fetching show. I
The pretty booths and pavilions on the
aisles within the green .facade, with
their varied adornments, have become j
famous on the fair grounds. At other
expositions visitors have taken great
delight in California's display, but
never before : have so many earnest
questions been asked nor have so many
people declared their Intention of Jour
neying to the State, either on a visit or
to settle- there. The only thing that
puzzles them is What part of California
to visit, every section shewing such
wonders in the way of products. *
"There it is!" Is a common expression
coming from some member of a sight
seeing party. in the Palace of Agricul
ture as the name "California" in
oranges comes in range of their vision.
They are all looking for it— this splen
did display of the counties. Many
view it and then personally lead up all
their friends for a look. The county
commissioners are kept busy even now,
when the crowds are slim as World's j
Fair crowds go, and are wondering ,
whether they will have to employ phon- j
ographs when the throngs come in all
their immensity. Every one must be
courteously answered, and the nian. be
hind the Jars must keep his temper |
when some incredulous visitor declares j
a bunch of grapes is spliced, and must |
maintain a straight face when some j
one who gives California greater, credit i
than is really due her points to a bunch }
of green plums and asks if all the olives j
grown there are that size. Tact and
patier.ee develop enormously in the
BY PAUIi EDWARDS.
Staff Correspondent of- The Call at the World'!
S In that particular the. balance, of .the
representatives were willing to concede
to him, and. Oregon .will/have a' clear
field to get the apple growers, Agricul
tural : Press ; League, apple .shippers.
Builders'' Association, Collegiate Alum
nae/Association, Christian MiSSttma^s
Society America, Christian Women's
Board of ! Missions,- Civil. Engineers'^ So
ciety ' of America, ; cement . workers,
Canadian Press Association, California
Press ; Association, dental 'congress,'
electrical contractors and electricar,en
gineers, .Electric 'Light . Association,
International ' Congress • of Engineers,
electrotypers, good/ roads. ..meeting,
Horseshoers' National Association, In
terparliamentary. Union . fdr Interna
tional Arbitration, League of American
Municipalities, National Music Teach
ers, Malsters' Association. Millers' Na
tional Federation, operative millers, pri
vate school managers, Sons^ of the
American Revolution, United Commer
cial Travelers' Association, Unlted^Ty
pothetae of America and the World's
Press Parliament.
California will try to get the balance
of the. large gatherings, which will in
clude th$ Ancient and Accepted Scot
tish-Rite Masons, mother council of the
world; Angora Breeders' Association,
. The object , of the, meeting yesterday
was to bring about united action on the
part of \ the Pacific Coast commercral
bodies ' In "order that better results
might be ¦ obtained and all matters of
Jealousy; smothered. .'• Tom V Richardson,
manager of the Commercial' Club of
Portland, represented . the northern
States,^* and r was ..emphatic as to the
privilege < of . having the best go j to
Portland during the Lewis and* Clark
Fair. .;-;« ' »¦;-• '; : . ' ' . " . .
Representatives of California, Oregon,
"Washington, Colorado, Utah and Idaho
met in the California Promotion Com
mittee's rooms yesterday afternoon and
discussed- "the advisability of trying -to
secure \' conventions for .the • Pacific
Coast during this and next year. " The
conclusion .was .reached ."'that: efforU
should be made to bring people j from
the East, and as'a result of that under
standing 106 conventions are to be gone
after. Of • that • number California ts \ to
try for -fifty-three, • Oregon- thirty- three
on account^of the Lewis and Clark Fair,
Washington; fifteen, Colorado two and
Idaho two.. Texas has already secured
one convention. - •" • . i, ¦ r -
3Iany Eastern Residents Ex
press Their Intention of
Making Their Homes Here
Telegrams Sent to Gather
ings in the 'East Extend
ing Hearty Invitations
WILL PROVE A BENEFIT
NO FUETHER JEALOUSY
Visitors to the Exposition
Are Loud in Their Praise
of Golden State's Display
Kepr^sentatives of Commer
cial; Bodies Agree Upon
(i Apportionment of Meetings
LAUD EXHIBIT
OF CALIFORNIA
STATES DIVIDE
UP CONVENTIONS
THE SAN SUNDAY,* JUNE 75,
34
ADVERTISEMENTS. -
FofliB Tortured
Dabies and Rest
forledHofe
In Warm Baths with
'-' ;'¦-''-¦'¦ ' ' ¦¦ - •'¦- ¦/' ' '''¦:ii "v .
And gentle anointings
with CUTIGURA
Ointment, the great Skiii
Gurc; and pu re s t ahd^
sweetest - of emollients. }
It means instant^relief and
I refreshing sleep; for. tor-j
tured, disfigured, f itching,,
and burning babies, and<
rest for tired, fretted:
mothers, when ¦ else ;
;' ¦Ci\ : .'.\l'.':'.' : :::''~v
9 ' Bold throughoat tht wort*. I Cnttcnr* SMT.3Selj.Otet- ¦
lB«nt,«0c M KculTtnt, «0e,(h» »»"»» •' CkwdUfCwU* •
PUlt, lie. per tUI o»60). Depoln I^ndoo, V CkuUf,
Aoun B%. ; Fsru, » Ru» <U la Palx ; Boiton, 137. ColumbM I
.-Are. j Pottf r Drnj fc Chera. Corp., Sole Proprietor*^ i,^.
«T-S«»dlor "H«» to CowBabj Humor*." ;' •,,
f Now comes the
/£*>{- i Great Saving
sQ^ EVENT of the year.
JUNE SALE of
muslin: .
UNDERWEAR
I 1 9^ rf/4 : :^Vv^'— >U— ''^T First you must
UJ'LSJft^^^V know that the qual-
i Jfi ity is not ordinary.
We have no room
for cheap underwear. We are not offering you an ac-
cumulation of odd sizes and unsaleable styles from old stocks,
but the best of underwear, fresh from clean, well ventilated
factories. There is quality in every thread of every garment
in this great collection of muslin garments. They are garnished
daintily with tucking, hemstitching, insertions and edgings of
lace and embroidery and ribbons. You'll enjoy looking at the
window display. The sale begins Monday morning — we can't
promise that it will last the day out. Come early.
GOWNS worth 75c, $1.00, $1.25 and $1.75
Go at 48C, 69C, 75C and $1.25-
DRAWERS
Worth $1.25, $1.50, $1.75 and Worth . and
CORSET COVERS CHEMISES
• Worth 25c, 35c, 50c and 75c Worth $1.75 and $2.25
Go at 1 \c, 19C, 28C and 48C . Go at $1.25 and $175
June Sale of June Sale of
Embroideries White Goods
ioc and I2j^c Em- Op A contribution of three items
I broideries .....UU from the White Goods Sec-
15c and 18c Em- Q n tion, all at 1 1c. An astonish-
broideries Uu In 8" P ri "ce when you consider
, _ what is offered:
20c and 25c Em- JO-
broideries IZb Piain White India Lawns
30c and 40c Em- |n p 4O inches wide; very sheer:
broideries IUU wor th from 15c to 25c yard.
50c, 75c and $1.00 Oyift TifLix mr i - - :^
Embroideries Z4C " White Madras
That is the brief way of tell- ft finis . h ' fine quality;
ing it. The prices are cut fancy satin stripes ; new
about half. The quality is up st y Ies ; worth 2OC a y ard -
to our us*ual high standard— p ancv Wfltt^ \*CP T awnc
the patterns new. Not an ordi- ranC y "*"*. *-*CC-LawnS ,
nary, cheap piece in, the lot, Open designs; new effects;
and there are 11,000 yards — also sheer white linons in
plenty if you come to-morrow corded effects ; worth 15c
morning, when the sale begins. and 20c a yard.
Don't confuse this with ordi-" For thia Bale the price on
nary embroidery events. It is *" of th€Se fabrl <* wiii.be
worthy of more than ordinary m_ _ \#- m j
attention. llC 3 Yard
St. &. 2)avis&Qo.
Srant Jive, and Scary «JV.
ADVERTISEMENTS* _ ;_
" CL A I P
We will place ml SPECIAL SALE this week
275 DiecBS..flne aualitu OXFQRD CHEV-
IOTS. . These goods are in white grounds
with pink, blue and gresn stripes. Also
nayui green and linen color grounds with,
white stripes.
F : v Price J 2{4w
Former price 20c. •
¦-¦:¦"¦- • .*- -- '¦¦' f '•
We will also have on sale 150 pieces fins
aualitiivPRINTED DIMITIES in white,
naY^and linen color grounds, with hlack
i and colored figures and small and ms-
dium dots. :.• ~ . r
SliiW® Price 1 2VS
Regular value 20c. « «r/^ya
; ;.4SEE[ WINDOW DISPLAY.^1!:
'. " - ' •- ' m m ii l^
¦• r ' ¦' :''¦¦'¦ K : "- ¦ ¦'"
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STEEET.
-
SUITS, WAISTS, SKIRTS, BTTC. \
Read this list of reduced prices on ( new spring . goods, i Reductions ' absolutely
bona-fide. One of the strongest lists we have ever published.
SUITS AMD SKIRTS. SHIRT WAISTS.
$20.00 TAILOR MADE SUIT for 85c LAVN WAISTS • 50c — ! Vhite
$(2.50— Fancy mixed material; silk lawn, tucked front and back; pouch
braid trimmed; one of the most beauti- sleeves. Come early for these. £/)£>
fully fitting garments we have ever While they last ...:... ...'.- -*^.f^Srl
carried. Sale price. . . . frfO, Cft $*«0° WAISTS for 59c-Fancy figured
....:. Htl^»O\J material with white ground and small
$22.00 SILK SHIRT WAIST SUITS black figures and dott Good style and
$15.00— Fancy taffeta in all colorings; guarantied to fit perfectly. CQg-.
just the thing for vacation wear. A Sale price, each ...... ! **<*'
great value. Sile price / C-'/l/l $ K5 ° LAWN WAISTS $ 1.15
J>IO. UU —Lace and embroidery trimmed yoke;
$12.50 ALPACA SHIRT WAIST tucked front and back and sleeves.'
SUITS $9.50 - Black, navy or white; You will appreciate these waists as
absolutely dust proof. Fine for sum- soon as you see them. An exception-
mer wear at just absut cost t>f\ cf\ strong value. Sale <P1 1 C
ofmaterial. Sale price. . •P^'UU price *pl>iO
$5.50 WASH OUTING SUITS $3.95 . —
- Mottled duck piped in white and • , U/C CflT A QlRftilM IM
trimmed with bandiof the same ma- > WE BUT A BARfaAiri IN
1S^Si€g5 Silks arid Dress Goods
$4.50— Tucked front and sides; tailor Bought a choice portion at a. manu-
stitched at bottom; black or navy. Just facturer's sale at about half the usual
the skirt to wear for summer C*/4 Cfi price. If you want something really
tramping. While they last *P^»OU good, here is your chance this week.'
dress goods. A GREAT SALE OF SILK.
BLACK NOVELTY ETAMINE- H °' ILHI Ul UILI\.
The dollar kind; 39 inch.-s; 6 styles; 75C 2nd 85C SILK ON •
guaranteed. Sa.e price, yard 5 p c $%$# A YARD.
ELACK FRENCH BROADCLOTH - L
The $ J.50 kind; twilled back; needs no Thl? will be one of the greatest weeks
lining; all wool, 52 inches comes in rur-«ilk department has ever known,
rich, fast black and also in all tbe latest ,^« bought 10.000 yards of jsilk at ; a;
colorings. Sale price, per flf^ tremendous sacrifice and are now giving
yard " • - JrdC our customers, the benefit of our good.'
BL ' MIRROR ' ALPACA -The fortune. It is a miscellaneous lot, ?om-:
doUar kind for bathing costumes and prising silk ! taffeta ; checks and stripes,
shirt waist suits. Iron frame weave, loui^ne stripes, pin dot taffeta and a
bright silky finish; 51 inchfs ! and whole lot of other silks right now very
guaranteed fast black. Aiso in navy, much -in demand for shirt wai«t suits,
new blue, onion brown and en- etc; « is a remarkable offer and is well
in gun metal gray. Yard OUC worth • a special trip downtown to in-
EX1RA SPECIAL SCOTCH MIXED vestlgate.\ Sale wiU be conducted' all
TWEEDS-A thousand yards of the week, so come early if you can. Your
65c and 75c kind to be sacrificed to- P ick "om the entire lot, a yard
morrow. In mixtures, stripes, checks ". \ /¦¦'».
and colored silk knob ef fectf; absolutely . ' ' ~T^ *
all wool; the proper weight for outing .
suits and separate skirts; in gray s, tans, , WHITE JAPANESE SILK— 27 inches \
mode, browns, blues, etc. Ay r and the 50c , kind. • During 'p
wr nderf ul value a t , p : r yard . Tt7C : the silk sale," per yard .... .... «V y .
j DO YOU WANT ANY RIBBONS? I
30c Fancy Ribbons for 19c a ,Yard.
A lucky buy brought to us a miscellaneous assortment of this season's very new- '
. . est fancy ribbons. 3}i to 5 inches wide and in too gr<at an assortment of
colorings to enumerate When you attend the silk sale'bs sure and step
over to the ribbon counter ani sie this value. Plenty for everybody fQ^,
at, a yard .- 1"C
" * ' - ' " ¦-—¦<;¦
Bring your...
Sunburnt Face
To Be Soothed by
Mrs. Nettie Harrison's
ffe L0LA
IJP^NTEZ
''?$*-* unhmE
It is socrthing and cooling, has
marvelous power to remove wrin-
kles, whitens, cleans and purifies
the skin. Is neither Rjeasv nor
sticky. It never causes a growth
of hair on the face as cheap
creams do which contain animal
fats. Used before powdering will
prevent sunburn.
Free Massage
Treatment will be given every lady
calling who wishes to test the
creme. Sample box of Lola Mon-
tez Creme and my face powder
sent free.
SUPERFLUOUS
tt i TT\ That greatest of all dis-
|~l A I fr fij-urcments of a woman's
* iX * xxv face, permanently re-
moved in the only successful way — with
the ELECTRIC NEEDLE, as operated
by Mrs. Harrison.
Visit me and see what may be
done for you
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON,
DERMATOLOGIST,
78-80 Geary St., San Francisco
I jLMoreGoodTea JI |
| More Good Coffee |
I More Good Spices |
I More Coupons |
1 More Pretty Premiums |
I « Watch Our #-|
I flf Prices Talk.*p §
1 I It Pays to Trade I U
1 Great American Importing Tea Co's 1
a JlOreS 206 Third R
H 861 Market 210 Grant are. 1419 Polk H
M 140 Sixth 1819 Devisadero 706 Larkin H
B 475 Haight 8006 Sixteenth 3S5 Hayes M
a S2S5 Mission 521 Montsr'y »re. 62 Market E3
a 20C8 PiUmora 251S Mission 146 Ninth H
H 366 Third 469 Fourth 2732 *4th fj
TVo have the beat as well a» the fl
largest dental patronase in San Fran- |
Cisco, solely . because we do the best I
work. It la miaranteed for ten rears. 1
too. Ten tried and proved specialists — 1
. - post rraduat's — are employed. After J
¦ free examination we trU you what 1
treatment your teeth should hare. N
Our prices are for: Q
Painless Stiver Fl!11nirs....$ 23 up f|
Pminless Cement r'iltnn.- SSup |1
Palnlesa Ooltt FlUlnt^.... 7% up H
Painless Gold Crown. 225c.. S.JO up |{
Painless Porcelain Crowns. 3.30 up »j
Painless Brldice Work S.SO up H
Pull set of Teeth 2.00 up U
Samples of the splendid work wo do Q
are to bo seen at the entrance. H
hALE DENTAL CO. 1
70S MaxJtrt Street, Cor. K«am y. B
Hours, 9 to 9; Sundays, 19 to "y. _ 9
|ASTHMANOLA|
"- Za the only ear* tox V errous sad
Bronchial ASTHMA.
- Tour Drusslst or at 80» HAIGHT 3T^
. . San Francisco. Cal.
¦^ EXPE5T OPTICIAN.
" HYoti Want Perfect Vision
TOU SHOULD WEAR O2OKGE MATEK1£*S
N GLASSES.
For weak or sore eyes ude George Mayerfe s
Eyewater. 5Oc: by mall, 6-c. - ,^
• To clean your gtasaes use Ceonre Mayerle-a
ANTISKPT1C Eyeslass Wipers. 2 for 23c
' Send P. O. order or Wells- Farfo. ,
George Mayerle
Oermaa Expert Optician. 1071 Market St-Ts. T.
ETTWO DOOSS 7B0H TTM. 8TSZXT.
ETES EXAMINED FREE. ' mtt
Op«a •Tenlnjs nntU 9. P*on» SouU 313.San Francisco Veterinary College.
<• Next -neBslon- wilt' begin ~June 6. Catalogues
h.v ujuulvlnir to Dr. E. J. Creely. 510 G. Q, jlv*.*
The regular 'meeting- % of. . tho
Academy ; of , Sciences" will be \ held \ to
morrow evening.* f. The 'speaker; of the
evening ;'.*will ' be Charles f Keeler,
who has chosen 'as his subject»"Nature
Study - and Its - Relation" to : Lif e < and
Art.'*;/ :;...;: , ; >V.."v l-'^\,- ;.'.r.v" ¦¦ V
To Talk on Nature* StflH y.
Another Claimant Appears.
Still another relative of Palagia
Marie Kryzyzanowski's, the wealthy
Polish woman, who died recently, has
appeared. She made her appearance
yesterday among the others that have
laid claim to the aged woman's prop
erty, and, like the others, filed a con
test of Mr. Kryzyzanowski's will. She
\s Antonina Borkowska Ogonowska.
She claims to be a niece of the de
ceased. Se resides in New York and
is represented by Attorney X>. F. 13*-
Wade of Oakland,
Joseph Murphy, alias Frank Carroll,
who pleaded ; guilty ; in;' Judge Dunne's
court to a 'of robbery, j was sen
tenced yesterday to serve, ten years in
Folsom penitentiary.- He! and' George
Garron were arrested for. holding -up
Joseph Joyce on the night of February
25, and robbing, him .of :?20. .Garron
has yet to.be tried. * Frank, Drew, con t
yicted "ot .burglary, was sentenced "to
serve four years Jn" San ..Quentin: He
rifled the room of -Walter ; G. liorlng at
219A Mason" street ? on ; the morning'of
January, 6.-. ..;¦' . >
Prisoners . Sentenced.
John Bermingham, superintendent of
the California Powder Works, gave out
an authorized^ statement^covering , all
the details of the explosion, including
also a hazard as to its cause. 'He > at
tributes' it to the probability * that in
lowering the mixer " paddles into the
mixer the workmen allowed it to drop
upon the rubber buffers too violently
and the elasticity of the rubber allowed
the mixer to strike the' bottom with
such force as to ignite the- explosive.
McCullough. together with Veale,; was
engaged in preparing; a hoist for the
mixer, which had been sent" to the ma
chine shop only yesterday. J ¦ Veale -'told
the officers of _the.plant r afterward that
when he saw McCullough , lower the
shaft into the machine : he • became
frightened | and ran ; out 6t r the^ house". '•-
. It is estimated that there; were -'some
300 pounds of . nitro'-glycerin .' In
mixer at the time 'it : exploded. "- No
which shows that he, too, sought safety
from tbe impending disaster. He might
have escaped had he hidden himself
behind the bulkheads, but -he -went in
another direction," where . there was no
protection at all. . '
CAUSE OP EXPLOSION.
SAN JOSE, June 4. — Charles S.
Kenyon, the well-known man and
former member of the City Board of
Education, Is the defendant in an ac
tion for maintenance which was com
menced this morning in the Superior
Court by his wife, Mm. Rose G. Ken
yon. Mrs. Kenyon states they were
married in 1883 and that in 1902 her
husband abandoned her and he re
fuses to provide for or support her,
despite the fact that she is without
means and is in delicate health and
unable to earn a livelihood for herself.
She alleges that he has a salary of
$225 a month. She asks for per
manent alimony in the sum of $100
a month)
Mrs. Rose Kenyon of San Jase Says
She Was Deserted and Wonts
Alimony.
WELIi-KXOWN" MILL MAX
SUED BY HIS WEFTS
: Chairman Tarpey was empowered . to
appoint a committee of eight on recep
tion and - a - like committee • on enter
tainment. His artistic-judgment was
also "relied upon in. the matter of selec
tion i of badges and - banner, .which he
Will have prepared immediately,
lington to St. Louis. %
At Reno the Nevada delegation will
be gathered to the fold, and at Ogden
Utah's delegation will. join. At Grang
er, Wyo., the members from Alaska,
Washington, Oregon, Idaho and* Mon
tana will hitch; their cars to the train,
while the -Wyoming- delegation will be
gathered it$ at Cheyenne. At Denver
the Colorado contingent will be coupled
to the train, and at La Junta Arizona
and ¦ New Mexico will ', become j a part of
the • advancing : force. At Menton the
Oklahoma and Indian Territory delega
tions will be welcomed aboard, and at
Kansas City the growth 1 of the train
will cease when Kansas and South Da
kota are met' and -greeted. Then will
the proselyting "begin.
After, the question of the route had
been definitely : settled the delegation
went ..Into executive session to. discuss
a "question that for many years has
been one of extreme tenderness to the
Democrats^ — the, question of > finances.
However, no loud talking floated from
the meeting chamber, and it waa
agreed without ruction that an assess
ment of $150 be levied on each delegate
at large, $75 on each alternate delegate
at large', $75 on .each district delegate
and $50 on each alternate district dele
gate. The*" sum thus raised will- be used
to defray the expenses of the delega
tion outside of railroaid transportation,
which has been -fixed at $67 50 for the
round trip. " v » '
-¦-i The calling of • the ;roll developed that
thero were present Delegates at Large
D. M. Delmas, M.F.-Tarpey and D.-.W.
Carmichael; "District Delegates Jasper
McDonald,""; W. M. Cannon, W. J. Mc-
Gee, J.-; B. Sanford, A. I." McSorley, P.
C.Cohn,' J.'J." McDonald • and T. C.
Butler and Alternates M. F." Coch
rane,'Louis H. Mooser, Edward I. Cof
fey and'A'. B.'Tarpey/ Al McCabe filled
the office, of secretary, reinforced by
George" J.'Cieary, (who i will carry the
title of assistant secretary to St. Louis.
After. M/F.Tarpey had been elected
chairman and D.-W. Carmichael treas
urer, the-Questlon of the proper route
to take fronfSan Francisco to the con
vention city in ' order: to further the
plan of conversion as . outlined ' above
was ; taken up. 'After some discussion
it was decided that the 'California dele
gation, accompanied by that of Hawaii,
should 'leave the city: on June <2S at
10 : 30 .* a. > m. - Delegates were requested
to gather at the?; ferry i at 10 o'clock
and • for half : an hour accustom ; them
selves, to the blare of i the band that
will accompany them on .the trip across
the bay. T. , . j*
' At 11 o'clock the special train, com
posed ' bf ,four; sleepers, an observation
car," a.composlte^diner and smoker. arid
two 'baggage cars— the last two filled
to 'capacity -with/ fruits and wines— will
start" across the 'continent. The train
will; proceed *over- the: Southern Pacific
tracks itoOgden;: Union Pacific to'Den
ver. Santa" Fe to Kansas City, arid Bur-
It is a ; good scheme, and so admir
ably does it work in theory that it was
some time* after' its announcement be
fore the assembled California delegates
could ?get ' down to 1 the business of the
meeting, yesterday- and call the roll.
The brilliancy of their plan staggered
them! - • " r . * /-¦ ¦¦'¦ . ' " •
A . majority of California's pledged
delegation to the Democratic National
Convention, which wilFbe called to or
der in St. Louis on July 6, met at the
Hearst headquarters, Grand Hotel,
yesterday afternoon and evolved a
scheme in the Interest of their- patron
candidate that is sublime in Its potent
simplicity.
Their scheme is nothing less than to
convert every national delegate" ihat
dwells west of the Missouri line to the
views of Hearst. To do this Califor
nia's delegation will gather these wide
ly . scattered .missionaries to St. Louis
on /one special train, and while the
measured click of rolling car wheels
soothes' their combative instincts the
Tarpeyan . eloquence will work their
conversion. , •'.... -.
STOCKTON, June 4.— The warehouse
men and mtllmen have demanded that
the Mayor furnish protection for the
non-union men who have replaced the
striking and locked-out longshoremen.
The police have thus far confined their
efforts merely to preventing so far as
possible, any overt act. Crowds of strik
ers and' their sympathizers have been
permitted to gather and annoy the
workmen as they have gone to and
from work. This keeps the neighbor
hood in an unsettled condition and 13
causing the police to work overtime.
Mayor Williams to-day told the un
ion leaders that if they would keep
their rr.PTt. away from the front he
would try and bring about a settlement.
For this reason the disturbed section
was more quiet this evening. It is un
derstood that, regardless of the result
of tha conferences, the crowds will not
be allowed to again congregate to an
noy the non-unionists.
The "warehousemen and millmen as
sert that they have plenty of men and
that business is moving with usual dis
patch, and that the only trouble expe
rienced Is In the annoyance to their
employes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Plans to Convert
Hosts of Many
States.
ASK A MAYOR
FOR PROTECTION
MEN • THAT "WILL REPRESENT
CALIFORNIA IN THE NATIONAL.
DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION.
Mrs. Hansen, the bride of three days,
had nothing to, add to the story that
appeared in The Call of yesterday
morning. The bride, who was Lena
Peterson,, married Hansen In her
parents' house in Petaluma three days
before the tragedy and the wuple
came to this city to prepare for their
trip to Seattle and the Northwest.
When they retired on Friday night
to their apartments in the Grand Ho
tel Hansen was In cheerful spirits. At
about -half- past 2 o'clock in the morn
ing he arose and went into an adjoin
ing apartment. In response to his wife's
question he said that he would return
shortly. A minute later she was hor
rified to hear the report of a pistol pro-'
ceeding from the room her husband
had* entered, and she ran in scream
ing. She saw his dead body seated in
a chair, his head resting on' a t table
and covered with ¦ blood. Then she
shrieked In agony and fell unconscious
beside Ills body. • :
Hansen was a bricklayer and worked
about the city for* some yeafs' past.
He . is said to have Inherited some
money, from his father's estate in Ger
many, also the share of a brother who
died In the Philippines, j Mrs. Hansen's
father came to this city early yester
day morning after learning of the
tragedy and took his daughter back to
his^ home In Petaluma.
Mystery envelops the cause of the
suicide of Peter Hansen at the Grand
Hotel. early yesterday morning,, and the
authorities are at a loss to account for
his act. "
Further., inquiry last evening \ at. 817
Post street developed' the fact. that. C.
Shepherd, the brother 'of Mrs.- Wilson J
came to -San /Francisco /six
months ago.'" He was ; extremely', reti
cent about his affairs,, but seemed a
highly educated / and-, widely traveled
Englishman. /.The sister, came" here a
few weeks;:: ago *.' f rora • * the' north - f or
treatment; but' the 'landlady could "not
say whether she ; came from Oregon or
British Columbia. 'Shepherd,* it was
said, keenly felt", the publication of -his
sister's predicament, and' declined to
discuss it. ' ." .- ; "' '•' -
Dr. Preston said she had been under
his care as a patient for mental trouble
but a short time/ having recently come
here from Portland, Oregon, and that
while there -she. had been under delu
sions caused by. excitement over Chris
tian science. The landlady at 817 Post
street, however, said that Christian
science had nothing to do with the
trouble, but .was . simply mentioned to
Mrs. Wilson a day , or: so^ago as a rem-i
edy for her condition and that she has
been talking about that treatment until
to-day, when she became violent. 1 .Dr.
Preston \ thinks the trouble is but ', tem
porary and that with proper treatment
Mrs. 'Wilson will; recover., • . '- ; =
Mrs. George, E. Wilson, a well'edu
cated English woman, said to t be a
widow, became violently Insane at noon
yesterday in ,a restaurant at 219 Ellis
street. She 'was accompanied' by" her
nurse, a Mrs. Dennett,, who had been
directed by Dr. Wilton Prest,on to bring
her charge to him this morning for
treatment. On. reaching the restaurant
Mrs. Wilson became unmanageable and
persisted in entering the place, where
she created such a scene that. the pro
prietor sent in a call tor the ambu
lance and had her removed to the
Emergency Hospital. There Urs. Wil
son was placed In a padced cell, but
was afterward released In charge of
her nurse and C.- Shepherd, her broth
er, upon order of Dr. Wadsworth of
the hospital staff. She was taken to
her rooms at 817 Post street. It 'was*
reported from several sources that Mrs.
Wilson is the wife 'cf an Englishman,
whose father is jamong the nobility of
England, but those in possession of the
facts tried to suppress the story of her
antecedents. She shows every indi
cation of refinement.;
Coroner Curry has taken charge ¦ of
trie remains of the victims of the ac
cident and will probably hold an in
quest on " Monday next. The funerals
of the white men. will be held on Mon
day, too. ; Both of them" were members
of the Masonic order and McCullough
was a Knight of Pythias besides. Mc-
Cullough: leaves a wife and two chil
dren to ; mourn his loss. • He was ; 30
years .'old : and a native of Cayf ornla.
Smith's : only, relatives are a mother
and; sisters, living at North, Beach in
San Francisco.; He was 27 years old
and was born in California. •' •
Miss Harry was an orphan
possessed of $400,000. Gopcevic was
a gripman; with a narrative that he
was a descendant of the royal family
of Servia. The gripman would raise
his cap to the heiress, when she got
on his car arid the heiress would smile
at the gripman. The outcome of this
interchange of courtesies was a mar
riage . which startled the various
grades of -society.
A few, months later the bride sud
denly died. In her will she devised'
one-half of. her estate to her husband
and the other half to *ny child. that
might' be .born' to them. \ As she died
childless,' the entire estate, under, the
law .belongs ;ito Gopcevic.
The young woman's mother had given
the. estate . to " the daugnter with the
proviso that the property should re
vert to Mary Floyd McAdoo, Rosalie
F. Humes and Isabella L. Matthews in
case the girl should . die childless or
intestate* These are the three-, con
testants .that hope to . break tis -rill of
Airs. Gopcevic. .;
Judge Maguire represents U.-e tbjt-ee
relatives - of the deceased. ft.
larger amount Is allowed to be mixed
in) the house at one tlmt on account
of the danger: involved in' Its making.
Fortunately -the finished powder in the
giant powder building that was burned
had just been removed to the magazine
and all that remained in it was some
mixed stuff that did not explode.: .
The court issued a temporary re
straining order yesterday, 'returnable
July 5, and directed that Judge Sayre
be present at that time to show why
the prohibition should j not be made
permanent. ¦
He induced Superior Judge M. S.
Sayre of Lake County to issue an or
der declaring that the estate would be
distributed to Gopcevic next Mon
day. The other heirs attempted to per
suade the Judge to postpone action for
awhile, but he refused. The question
was presented to the Supreme Court
with the request that Judge Sayre be
restrained from distributing the es
tate.
Mllos Mlltrov Gopcevic, the Sacra
mento street car gripman, who came
into public notic^- by marrying Harry
Augustus Floyd, suffered a reverse in
his attempt to secure possession of. his
wife's estate at the hands of the Su
preme Court yesterday. Other rela
tives of the young heiress want a share
of the property and the ,ex-gripman
is endeavoring to thwart them.
'Figel was tried. on the charge of mur
der before a jury In „ Judge Murphy's
court and was acquitted on March
1898. Seven charges of felony •embez
zlement and ..two charges of. forgery
against him were dismissed on Decem
ber 3, 1898, on motion of, the . District
Attorney.
It is also alleged by Miles that Figel
had passed several fictitious checks on
the Bank of California and other banks,
but he supposes that they had been
made good by Figel's father, who has
a tailor shop in the Flood building, ' as
no action has been taken against him.
Miles further says that his bank will
not compromise the matter, but will
push it to a finish.
Figel acquired considerable notoriety
through his arrest on June 30, 1897, for
the mujder of hls*employer, Isaac Hoff
man of Hoffman, Rothchild & Co.,
wholesale merchants, Battery and.Mar
ket streets, on June 1. Figel was.em
ployed as cashier for the firm, and on
the evening of June 1 Hoffman's body
was discovered in the office. There was
every Indication of a desperate strug
gle. Figel claimed that he left Hoff
man in the office just in time to catch
the Tiburon boat. rJX :' -
Miles says that Flgel called at the
bank last Saturday and said he want
ed to open an account in the name of
Sam Klein, one of his friends. He de
posited a* check in favor of Klein on
the New Western Bank, and on the
strength of that deposit the check for
$9G5 90 presented by Figel on Tuesday
morning was cashed. It was' later found
that the check on the New Western
Bank was worthless." • • ' '
A warrant was issuedby.Police Judge
Fritz yesterday for the arrest of Theo
dore A. Figel on a felony charge - of ut
tering and passing a fictitious' check for
$963 90 on May 31 on the Wells-Fargo
Bank. The complaining witness is John
E. Miles, assistant cashier of the bank.
The check was drawn in favor of Fred
Bacon and purported to be signed by
Sam Klein. It is alleged that both these
persons are figments of Figel's imag
ination.
Supreme Court Blocks Plan
of -to Secure
Estate of Wife 1
Officials at a Loss to Ac
emmt for Strange Deed
of- Bricklayer Hansen
Scene Created by Cultured
Englisli Widow Kesults in
Her IJemoTal to Hospital
5011 of Well Known Tailor
Accused of Uttering and
Passing Fictitious Check
DISTRIBUTION
IS PREVENTED
FIND NO CAUSE
FOR A SUICIDE
INSANE WOMAN
IN RESTAURANT
ALLEGES FIGEL
SWINDLED BANK
The fact of the union making a de
mand upon the company is strictly
In keeping with the rules of the union.
After the union decided to go out on
strike the individuals hid nothing fur
ther to say.
The question of an advance of wages
was presented to the company one
month ago and the union set the date
for the reply last night. As no reply
was forthcoming the union took the
silence as a sign of refusal and went
into counsel.
What the results will be it is for the
future to determine. The company is
firm and so are the men. Both sides
are after results and they both say
they will jret them. The union de
clares it has the* right of wage3 and
the company : .says It has the right to
say what ft will pay. ~
When the men quit last night their
work was practically done and no
trains were' delayed by the action of
the, union. Whether there will be
any further trouble is a matter which
is up'to the company and the union.
Southern Pacific freight handlers at
station "B" of Third and Townsend
streets went out on strike at 11 o'clock
last night. They want 23 cents per
hour and Insist upon their demands.
In order to determine what steps
should be taken a meeting of the union
was held after the ultimate hour had
expired last night and the vote of the
union was to strike. Being Saturday
night, there was little work for the
freight handlers to da. and as a conse
quence the railroad company was not
placed in an embarrassing position, nor
was the union taking undue advantage
of conditions.
'
r The body of a Chinese; thought to be
that of Ah Hung, was found some dis
tance from the .scene of ; the . ruin.
the youth, but he escaped altogether
to destruction a little ' while before
there remained hardly enough of their
> fleeh for identification. The skulls, or
pieces of the skulls, of McCullough and
Eraith were found but mat was all.
There wai nothing to help reveal the
identity of two of the Chinese.
"One person only escaped out of the
six who were regularly employed in
the gelatine house. He is Howard
Veale, 18 years old, son of Sheriff Veale
of Contra Costa County. Veale'6 es
cape was nothing short or miraculous
snd he owes his life to a premonition
that there would be an accident to
day. Just before the explosion Veale
was suddenly seized with the convic
tion that the plant would be blown up^
Then he Eiiitl to McCullough, who was
foreman of the plant:
"It don't look good to me. She's go-
Ins; to blow ujj/V i '.
With these '.vords Veale left the place
snd 'ran behind "the bulkheads fifty
feet away. He had not any more than
got behind them and thrown hhnself
?n the ground when the explosion
came. Timbers landed on'all sides of
BERKELEY, June 4.— Three hundred
pounds of nitro-glycerine exploded at
the California Powder Works this
morning at Pinole and crushed out the
lives of five men. two of them white
end three Chinese. In an endeavor to
save the entire plant from destruction
by the fire that followed the explosion
two other white men were injured, one
of them so seriously that he may die.
The dead are:
ALEXANDER McCULLOUGH, 30
years old. married. y
JOHN EVANS SMITH, 30 years old,
tingle.
AH HUNG.
HONG SOY.
LOE BOW.
The wounded are:
S. S. McKinley, skull probably frac
tured.
George C. Cooper, foot injured.
Besides the loss of life there was
a great destruction of property. The
powder company estimates its loss at
$30,000. This was due to "the complete
viping out of the gelatine mixing
plant, the giant mixing plant and the
ice works. • All around the inclosure at
the works are evidences of the great
force of the concussion. Of the two
mixing plants there is nothing standing
above the ground but a few broken
timbers. Only the gelatine plant suf
fered from the explosion, the other two
buildings having burned to the ground
after being- set afire by the flying de
bris. -
FIRE FOLLOWS EXPLOSION.
The explosion must have occurred at
fc*:40 o'clock, for all the clocks in Pinole
vere stopped at that hour. There was
a sudden detonation, that Jarred upon
the ears of all within a mile of the
plant. > Every man about the works,
knew at once what had happened at
the gelatine works. There was no time
to co there to investigate, for fire had
broken out immediately in a dozen
places. Burning timbers landed upon
the roofs of buildings full of explo
cives, and the dry grass was being de
voured by the flames in a dozen direc
tions.
In defiance of all rules of safety and
eelf-preservation, the employes of the
plant at once hurried out to do what
they could to blot out the flames. The
fire department called every man td
his station, and for an hour they all
vorked with desi>eration. It took all
that time to master the flames, so that
eome idea of the danger involved In
this undertaking may be had. The lighf
cost S. 6. McKinley, shipping clerk at
the plant, a broken head, and George
C. Cooper, a carrwnter, a badly lac
erated foot. These men were caught by
tailing timbers while fighting at the
? «'-e plant and buried beneath them.
The bravery of these workmen turned
firemen saved an Immense amount, of
property and probably many lives.
Tons and tons of high explosives were
time and again In danger of being
fired by the falling embers. It was
mainly a fight to keep the flames away
from the big storage houses, and out
cf the struggle came victory.
After the plant had been saved from
destruction there was time to investi
gate the ruins of the gelatine plant,
•where it was certain there was nothing
left cf the five human beings to tell
the tale. Where formerly there stood a
etout building for the manufacture of
gelatine there only remained then a
few blackened ruins. Even the great
bulkheads surrounding the works to
modify the effects of Just such an ac
cident as occurred to-day were toppled
over on tttelr sides.
VICTIMS ANNIHILATED.
Of the human beings who had gone I
Employes' Union Takes Ac
tion to Compel Compliance
With Schedule for Twen
ty-Five Cents Per Hour
Howard Yeale Receives Mys
terious Warning-Men Bat
tle With Flames Unmind
ful of the Terrible Danger
DEMAND FOK HIGHER
WAGES NOT GRANTED
Men Employed at the South
ern Pacific Railroad Com
•pany's Yards Decide to
Quit Places in a Body
PREMOXITIOX SAVES
YOUTH FKO3I DEATH
Two Whites, One With Fam
ily, and Five Chinese In
stantly Killed by Deto
nation of Xitro-Glycerine
HANDLERS
OF FREIGHT
ON STRIKE
EXPLOSION
SNUFFS OUT
FIVE LIVES
SAN FRANCISCO, ; SUNDAY, .JUNE 5, 1904.
CALIFORNIA'S PLEDGED DEMOCRATIC DELEGATION
EVOLVES A SCHEME TO AID PATRON CANDIDATE
Pages 35 to 48
Pages 35 to 48SAN RAFAEL, June 4. — In the final
round of the council's cup of the San
Rafael Golf Club, played this after
noon at Happy Valley links. E. J.
Hooper won from R. J. Davis, 1 up.
This is the third consecutive time
Hooper has carried off the same
honors, thus entitling him to posses
sion of the cup. ;
Hooper Wins Council's Cup.
(National League.) I (American League.)
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
Chlcaco 26 11 .701 Boston 27 12 .60.5
New York...2« 12 .OS." Cleveland ...2t 16 .5.S-1
Cincinnati ..27 1.1 .075 New York... 22 16 .570
Ht. Louis IK IS .500 Philadelphia. 21 1« .56$
Fittsburg ...17 20 ,459ChicaEo 22 IS .6r>0
Brooklyn ...16 21 .400!St- Louis 10 19 .457
Boston 14 23 .SJ'J. Detroit 13 24 .3.'il
Philadelphia. 0 29 .ltllWashlngton.. 7 28 .200
• NATIONAL LEAGUE.
NEW YOBK. June 4.— Cincinnati and New
Tork broke even in the series with a tie game
to-day, which was witnessed by probably the
largest number of spectators In the. history of .
baseball. The official count of the attendance :
waa 37,223. Score: ,
R. H. E.
N>w York 2 3 4
Clnt-innatl 2 10/ I
Batteries — MrGInnity and Warner; Harper
and Peitz. Umpire — O'Day.
BOSTON. June 4. — Beckley's two-base hit
and Delehanty's wild throw to first won the
frame for St. Louis in the twelfth Inning to-
Jay. Willis out-pitched Nichols, but at criti
cal times both pitchers were effective At
tendance. COCO. Score:
;.:. R. H. E.
St. Louis 3 8 1
Boston 2 » 1
Batteries— Nichols nnd Beyers; Willis and
Needham. Umpire — Zlmmer.
BROOKLYN. , June 4.— Pittsburgh batters
knocked Jones' curves in all directions in the
last three inning* In the game here to-day and I
won easily over the home club. Lfever was •
ba'ted hard In the early part of the game.
Attendance. 25C0. Score:
R. H. E.
PlttFburg 11 i« o
Brooklyn 4 9- 2
Batteries— Leever and Phelps; Jones and
Bergen. Umpire — Johnctone. •
PHILADELPHIA. June 4— Chicago hit Mc-
Pberson hard and often and won without' ef
fort. Chance waa Injured sliding to second
and Corridon took his place at first. Attend
ance. 3500. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago ....:..... 8 - 1(J 2
Philadelphia 4 11 .3
Batteries— Brown' and x CNeil; • MePherson
and Dooln. Umplre^Brown.
AMERICAN •LEAGUB.^^^^'M
ST. LOUIS.'" June 4.— After'- two postpone
ments th* St. Louis and Philadelphia Ameri
can League teams got together to-day for the
final game of the' series; the visitors winning
by a score of fi to 2.. Attendance; 22,500.
Score: : • . -¦ . ¦ ...."-.•¦ . .
. , ' . R. H. E.
St. Louis ......2 < SO
Phlldelphia ........5 10 0
Batteries— Glade and Kahoe;- Plank, and
Powers ' . . :
CLEVELAND, Jure 4. — Boston bunched
hits and a base on balls with Bemls' two wild
thrsws in the sixth scored three runt, winning
the game. Attendance. ¦ 12,200. Score:
~. . * R - H - E -
Cleveland 2 8 3
Boston 3 ; o 1
Batteries — Moore and Bemls; Tannehlll and
Farrell.
CHICAGO. June 4. — The locals were shut oui
to-day by Inability to hit Towneend with men
on bases. A pair of singles, a cacrince and
a lone By ucor^d Washington's first run Walsh
More Than 37,000 Spectators Look on
Willie Giants and Reds Play
a Great Tie Game.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS. , '
BIG ARMY OF PANS THRON'GS
NEW YORK BASEBALL FIELD
Miss Roosevelt presented the medals
to the winners as they were called for
ward by Director of Physical Culture
James Sullivan. She* also presented
the handsome silk and embroidered
banner to the winning Association and
; was given three hearty cheers by the
club members and spectators. The
summaries for both Junior and senior
events follow:
_SSO yards run— Won by H. V. Valentine. N.
d Time. 2 minutes 4-5 s«c
100 yards' run— Won by L. Robertson. G. N.
X" b % A J! New o Ywl1 ' Tlme . 10 2-5 seconds.
0. F. Snedlsar. P. A. A.. San Francisco, sec
ond.
yards, hurdle— Won by ,F. Castleman.
G. N. Y. 1. A. A.. New York. Time. IB 1-5
seconds.
.^Putting the sixteen-pound shot — Won by
M. J. Sheridan. G. N. A. C, New York :
distance. 40 f«et OH inches. Albert Plaw,
P. A. • C, Oakland, second; distance, 39 s feet
4H Inches.
220-yard hurdle — Won by Joseph S. Hill,
M. A. C.,, Baltimore. Time. 25 1-5 seconds
Running high Jump — Won by S. S. Jones.
N. Y.-A. c.. New York: height, 5 feet !>
Jnches. W. C. Lowe. O. N. Y. I. A. A.. New
York, second; height. . 5 feet 8^4 inches.
Channlng Hall, kP. a. A., Oakland, third;
height, fi feet 1 Inch.
220- yard run — J Won by William Hogenson,
C."' A." C.,- Chicago. Time. 22 4-5 seconds.
Pole vault— Won by H. L. Gardiner, N. Y.
A. C, New York. Height; 10 feet 5% Inches.
¦ £80-yard run — Won by George A. Shipley,
C. A. C. Chicago. Time, 2:06 1-5.
¦ 100-yard run — Won by William Hodenson,
C. A: C. Chicago. Ttme, 10 1-5 seconds. .
120-yard hurdle — Won by Castleman, 1*. Y.
A: C. -TUne, 17 1-5 seconds.
Throwing sixteen-pound hammer — Won by
C. Vaa Dayne. G. N. Y. I. A. A., New York.
Distance, 139 feet 2 Inches.
¦ 220-yard run — Won by W. Knakal, ; O. N. Y.
1. A. -A.; New York. Tlme,'22 3-5 teconds.
... Two-mile run — Won - by ¦ C. " E. Naisnuth. O.
N. Y. I. A. A.. New York. • Time. 10:17 4-6.
220-yard hurdlen — Won by J.' F. Hill, M. A.
C, Baltimore. Time. 27 2-5 second*, f, " t '
v One-mile run — Won by H. J. Buchler. G. Y.
M-* C. A. Time. 4:39 2-5. »-:.'«
440-yard run — Won by B. H. Myers. Seventy
fourth Regiment, Buffalo. Ttme, 51 seconds.
. itunninc broad Jump— Won by L. Smith. W.
ST. LOUIS, June j. — The junior and
senior Amateur Athletic Union cham
pionship games were held at the
World's Fair Stadium to-day under
the most adverse circumstances. A
heavy downpour of rain left deep pools
of water on the field and track and
kept all spectators away . from the
junior i events, which, were held first.
Fires were built on the' field to dry
places for the discus, shotput and
hammer-throwing contests, while * a
brigade of men with sponges and
buckets sopped the pools from the
tracks. Despite these drawbacks some
good records were made, many of the
previous junior Amateur Athletic
Union, records being broken. The sun
came out hot for the senior events and
several hundred spectators braved the
mud and secured seats in advantage
ous positions to get a view of Miss
Alice Roosevelt, who occupied the
President's box, and presented the
medals to the winners at the end of
the games.
The meet was won by the New York
Irish Athletic Association of New
York, the representatives of which"
scored 61 points. The New York Ath
letic Club came next, with 45 points;
Pacific Athletic Association of San
Francisco, 13 points; Chicago Athletic
Club, S points; Seventy-fourth Regi
ment Athletic Association of Buffalo
and Mary Athletic Club, tied with 6
points each; Cambrldgeport (Mass.)
Athletic Club, 1 point; Washington
University, St. Louis, 1 point; Xavler
Athletic Club, 1 point; Star Athletic
Club, New York, 1 point. Plaw of
California added twenty feet to the
hammer-throw "record.
Beats the Crnek Hninmcr-Throwcr of
America in Championships.
XEW RECORD FOR PLAW.
William "Watson and G. C Patter
son were in splendid form and dis
posed of M. L. Crowe and Dr. Gunn
by the close score of 21 to 20. An
other good match was the one in
which John T. Dare and Robert Park
won from H. L. Tickner and' Y. C-
Lawson.
The scores follow: J. T. Dare and
Robert Park beat H. L. Tickner and
Y. C. Lawson. 21 to 19; William Wat
son and G. C. Patterson beat 1L L.
Crowe and Dr. Gunn, 21 to 20; G. C.
Medau beat H. L. Tickner, 21 to 6;
J. C. Moffat and E. C. Medau beat J.
\ T. Dare and H. L. Tickner, 21 to \K:
M. L. Crowe and Dr. Gunn beat T*
McNaught and J. M. Earsman, 21 to
J 15; W. A. Cook and A. A. JlcVlcar
beat A. Craig and Dr. Hamilton, 21 to
12; Samuel Irving and Joseph Gray
beat J. S. "Webster and J. W. Elder,
21 to 17; William Watson and J. Stott
beat J. M. Duncan and J. W. Elder,
21 to 12; J. M. Duncan and J. W. Elder
beat D. O'Brien and J. Stott, 21 to 19.
Despite the extreme heat yesterday,
many of the members of the San
Francisco Scottish Bowling Club
turned out on the green. ' in Golden
Gate Park. "While no tournament
matches were held, a number of good
practice games were played.
SCOTTISH BOWLERS ENJOY
SPORT, DESPITE THE HEAT
CHICAGO, June 4.— Harlem Park
accommodations were , taxed to their
utmost to-day at the opening of the
spring -meeting, of which the Harlem
National handicap was the attraction.
By* the time the field was called to the
post in the first race it was estimated
15,000 spectators were Jammed int/> the
grand stand, betting ring,- paddock and
on. the lawns. Forty books cut In In
the big' ring, the largest number ever
known at any track of late years, ex
cept at "Washington Park. A light
rain began to fall before the first race
was run, which continued during - the
greater part of the afternoon. Owing
to the slow condition of the track there
were many scratches In all t the events,
seven being withdrawn from the fea
ture event.
James Arthur's Bondage, at 5 to 1,
ridden by J. Mclntyre, won the rich
Harlem National handicap, with Fon
pcluca second and Gregor K third.
The race waa won easily, with the sec
ond driving:. Bondage, always well up,
ran over his field when called upon,
and came home In a canter. Fonsoluca
had to go the limit at the end, com
ing with a rush and barely getting up
in time to beat out Gresror K. which
set most of the pace. Horatlus was
just outside the money, closing a big
gap in the stretch run. Felipe Lugo
was fast for a mile, while Bragg show
ed a flash of speed. '
One favorite and two second choices
won, the other races going to outsiders.
Summary: /
FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; four-year
olds and up; purse.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 5— Stroller, 105 (Larsen)... 6 2 3 1 \%
18 to 5 — B. Ormojide.110 (Lwrnc) 3 1 '< L' l'i
15 to 1— Sioux Chief.103 tBooker) 2 4 .. :« nk
Time, 1 :34 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. W. T. Brink worth's br. &. (4>, by
Ornament-Promenade. Bummer II 100, Gav
iota 107, finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olda and up: purse.
Bettlr.g. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
18 to 1— Elfin King.lOS (Lwrnce) 2 44 12
5 to 1— Shawana. 96 (Nlcol) 5 3 4 2 4
75 to 1— Sing. Master. 01 (Feleht) 0 12 3 3
Time, 1:18 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, P. Dunne's b. c. (4) by King Wil
llm-Clrce. Skilful 112. Nannie Hodge OU.
Magic Flute 88, finished as named.
THIRD RACE — One and three-sixteenth
miles: three-year-olds and up; Harlem Na
tional handicap
Bettlngr. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
5 to 1— Bondase. 90 (Mclntyre). 2 43 14
15 to 1— Fonsoluca, 100 (Nlcol).. 9 3h 2h'
9 to 1— Gregor K, 101 (McBrlde) 3 2 2 3 3
Time. 2:W5 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, J. Arthur's b. c. <4) by Halma-MIss
Laneford. Horatlus 07. Felipe Lugo 90. Fly
inir Torpedo 103, Brag? 102. Judge Hlmes 107,
Potheen 09. Flo Bob 100. Flying Ship 107, El
liott 100. Deutschland 95, finished as named.
Lord Badge 08, left.
FOURTH RACE— Mile: three-year-olds;
purse.
Bcttimc. Kor?e. Weight. Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
5 to 1— Soufriere, 90 XFeitch) 4 1^15
10 to 1— Foneasta. 98 (Knapp) 1 2 3 2 4
8 to 1— Lord Wadsworth, 03(Wlsn)2 4^31
Time. 1 :47 2-5. Start rood. Won easily.
Winner, A. F. Dnyton &. Co's. ch. f. by In
spector B-Landship. Proceeds 102, also ran.
FIFTH RACE — Four and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse.
Bettlny. Horse, Weight. Jockey* St. % Fin.
3 to 1 — The Mist. 101 (Lawrence). .5 2 2 11
7 to 1 — Useful Lady,101(Aubuchon)S 11 2h
7 to 1— Plnkerton. 101 (Mountain). 9 7 2 3 3
Time. :57. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, W. H. Hammond's ch. f. by Magnet-
T.nebrae. Belle of Ashland OS, "Gold Enamel
101. Modredlaw 108, Msgrlc 104. La Londe 115.
Herllda 98. Gretchen Hope 95, Hawtrey OS.
finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— Mile and 70 yards; three
year-olds and un; selling.
6 to 1— Sweet Ton», 85 (Knapp)...5 13 1^
8 to 1— Mamselle, !>6 (Johnson) 1 3 .1 2 h
7 to 5— Glorloea. 103 fOllphant) 6 2 h 3 5
Time, 1 :C1 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. Harry Stephens' br. f. (3) by First
Tenor-Sweet Favordale. Tancred "109. Rough
and Tumble I0Q. Thane 109, Censor 106. fin
ished as named.
Rope for Belting.
Manila rope is steadily superseding
leather belting for the transmission of
power in our mills and factories. _It
is almost universally used .for that
purpose in English factories, and has
been for a long time. The change has
been stimulated here, no doubt, by the
acquisition of the Philippines, where
the Manila hemp flourishes. The fiber
of this hemp varies in length. from six
to twelve feet and occasionally reaches
a length of eighteen feet. It Is said
that It has a tensile strength of 50,000
pounds per square inch, greater than
that of any known fiber. Transmission
ropes have the advantage of noiseless
ness, owing to their flexibility and to
an air passage in the groo\'es between
the rope and the sheave.—-Philadel
phia Record. --
HARBIN SPRINGS, June 4.— It Is a
well-known fact Champion Jim
Jeffries cares no more for a hundred
dollars than Hetty Green or Russell
Sage do for a postage stamp. Not that
he tries to corner the wine market or
shoot up the establishments where
liquid goods are dispensed, but he sim
ply does not give the collection of
money a thought. Jeff. is a long, long
way from being broke at that, and had
he been constituted of a more grasping
nature could almost have been a mil
lionaire at the present time with the
opportunities he has had.
His brother Jack tells a good story
illustrating the carelessness of Jeff
where financial questions are Involved.
Jack is a young man of irreproachable
reputation, wears medals earned for
truthfulness and veracity, does not be
long to the Social Setters Up, an or
ganization here at the springs for the
propounding of "dopey" Ideas and ad
vancement ' of ethereal thoughts, and
no salt, lime juice or tabasco sauce is
required .to make It digestible. Just
after he had' beaten Fitzsimmohs the
big fellow was rummaging through his
trunk when he stumbled across a bank
book on an Oakland savings institu
tion. On the first page was written
512,000 to the credit of James J. Jeffries.
There was no question about the name
being all right, so\Jeff hunted up his
old friend, John Marcovlch, tha Oak
land restaurant man* and together the
pair paid, a visit to the bank. .Without
hesitation the cashier said there was
$12,000, on deposit^ to the credit of Mr.
Jeffries. The boilermaker had forgotten
all about this little plant.
A terrific nor'wester, the strongest
in years, traveled through here to-day,
and to-night is still holding Its own,
scattering leaves and boughs In regular
showers.
Manager Billy Delaney was due this
afternoon, and soon after breakfast
Jen! was stripped and hard at work In
the gymnasium. For almost two solid
hours he labored industriously, at the
conclusion of which he remarked, while
seated on the rowing machine for a
breathing spell, "I'll be stronger for
this fight, than when I tnet-'Corbett."
This should be cheerful news for Mun
roe, but then, perhaps, under the hyp
notizing treatments of Tim McGrath
the miner will be abfe to stand a longer
shlft.'too. • • •' ' ¦;
Jen* began with the pulley weights
for a warming-up exercise. Then for
twenty solid minutes he hammered the
bag viciously until the perspiration
actually oozed from his great frame.
With only a short breathing spell, he
skipped the rope 800 times. Next the
big fellow shoved and tugged with the
Immense swinging sandbag, work about
ad light and easy as the ordinary man
would find it pushing a bank 'safe up
Telegraph Hill: Shadow boxing with
the light bells followed. Jeff Intended
to hustle his sparring partners around
in the afternoon, but changed his mind
and went for a run on the road instead.
After dinner he participated in a game
of ball, occupying the pitcher's box.
His drop ball, combined with the errors
of Captain Kennedy, proved too much
for the opposing team.
The champion is apparently fit and
ready for a short fight, and when the
night of the big contest arrives will be
on edge to go any route.
Billy Delaney states that all the
minor details of the big match were ar
ranged with Manager Coffroth, and
dnly an accident wilf prevent the two
big ' fellows from putting up their
hands. F. E. MULHOLLAND.
Qunint Combinations.
In the Western Union code book you
will find many queer, .quaint combina
tions cooked up to form addresses. For
instance — "Lawful," "Rainbow,"
"Seedcod," "Poor," "Clderhouse,"
"Dogpalace," "Mague," "Waterpaint,"
"Pighair." "Prettlmaid," "Goldenrule."
"Geodefbart," "Ithagunco," "Acaudas
sur," "Alewotpol," "Takenfurn," "Lyx
glavio," "Gopraytutl." Some people of
a superstitious turn of mind are in
clined to be cranky about their cable
addresses. They insist on having
words of their own selection registered,
to the great distress of the clerk, who is
obliged to refuse . them.— Washington
Star. . •
contributed the other with a wild pitch. At
tendance, 3200, Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 0 10 0
Washington 2 8 2
naUerlcs— Walsh and ' Sullivan; Townsend
and Drill.
DETROIT. June 4. — New York wan
late to start to bnt. but hit Mullen to the end
of the lot when they bruan, Ch^ebro was ef
fective. Attendance, .'{000. . Score:
J , - . R. H. E.
Detroit l 0" i
New York ...'..' ..5 12 2
Batteries — Mullen and Buelow; Chesbro and
McGutre. ¦; _.
Brother Jack Eelates Tale
of a $12,000 Deppsit, Which
SlijVped Big Fellow's Mind
Rector, who figures to win the stake\
had a short course and appears to be
In fine form. Reckless Acrobat is In
his old condition and his trial with
Rector in the fourth round will be
one of the best of the day, the talent
figuring the final flag will go to the
winner. The day's results, with Judga
Thomas Tierney's official scores, fol
low:
Snapper Garrison beat Oulda. 4-3: Colored
Lady beat Eagle Bird, 3-0; Lady Newark beat
General Fremont, t-3; Apple Blossom beat
Toronto, 20-0; Royal Friend beat Recrul:.
24-1; Queen of Isle beat Gold Lily. 15-5; Dart
away beat Em la Bey, 13-11; Jesshe Dear beat
Krixhna. 15-10; Sofala beat Lord Oranard.
24-1; Idaho Boy a bye, My Bonnie Kir.<
withdrawn: Tom Hurllck beat Mabel S. 10-4;
.Silver Cloud beat Thelma, 6-3; Little Lucy
beat Jerry Wright. 12-4; Uly Wright beat
Our Myra. 11-6; Rector beat Intruder. 5-2:
Little Plunger beat Algie McDonald. O-l; Pro
metheus beat Northern Alarm. .'-«»; May Con
nelly beat Hurry On, 4-2; Reckless Acrobat
beet Hermit. 7-4; May Tunnison beat Evil
Eye. 14-10; Dear Gaston beat Yellow Tall.
4-2; Wedgewood a bye. Gold Chain with
drawn: Lulu Girl beat Commercial Traveler.
11-8; Helen Hayes beat Agitator. 0-5; Rollins
Boer a bye, Remlsso Animo withdrawn; Hit*
Brummel beat Pasha King. 9-2: Meddlesome
beat Nellie M. 20-1; Octavlus beat Shotgun.
18-4; Real Duchess beat Glaucus, 27-6; Ragged
Actor beat Sweet Locust. 8-2; Aurella beat
Sir WInton, 9-5; The Sheriff beat Magic Stuff.
4-1; Little Mercy beat Golden Links, 6-5; Bel
fast b«at Fr'.sco Lad. 4-1; False Alarm beat
Adonis. 4-3: Equator beat Mirage. 1S-6; L»o
rcen beat Mellenwood, 10-6; Foxhunter beat
Haughty Helen. 21-8; Prompto beat Prairfa
Maid. 15-2: Don Pedro beat Articulate. 10-5;
Conroy beat Imperious, 6-2; Bob R beat Tari
kee Boy. 7-5; Firm Fellow beat Mornin?
Glory. 5-4; Beauty Gold" beat. Orsina. 5-.'J;-
Frisky Boy beat Topsy Turvy. 14-1; Mark
Twain beat Glitter, 2S-2; Lucky ShamrocJc
beat Haddington. 8-1; Star Sylvanus beat
Texas Mlsmon. 19-S.
In the run-down of the nlnety-six
dog open stake at Ingleside Coursing
Park yesterday the hares proved In
splendid fettle. The trials were so se
vere a half dozen hounds had to be
withdrawn.
EXPERTS COl/xT OX RECTOR
TO WIX INGLESIDE STAKE
SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
three- year-olds and up; selllnc:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 5— Stuyve. 115 (Hildebrand). 0 11 12^
K to .%— Sheriff Bell. 11« (Shaw). 8 8 1 2 ns
40 to 1— Silver Days. 101 (Cochrn) 4 4 1 3 3
Time, 1:51. Start fair. Wen handily.
Wluner. F. R. Lauterman's b. g. by Stuyve
sant-Katie A. NlKrette, Ella Snyder. Monad
nock, Paeet, Bardolph. Tomcod. The Rival.
Dark Planet. Carrol D. finished as named.
Time. 1:(M. Start fair. Won handily. Win
ner. A. L. Aete'it br. g. by St. Andrew-Ver
nette. Jerry C. (Jraylad, Torchello, Tyrolian.
Suzann* Rocamera, Vassar Girl, Laura, Cblp
pl* Thorpe. Miss Bryant, Sylvanlte. C T.
Nolan. Brufhton. Del Coronado. The Chantl
leer. Handallce. finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-year
o'.ds: selling: ,
Btttirg. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1— Handy Andy 95 (Lee)... 5 2 2 1 2
13 to 5— Brush Up, 104 (Hlld?bnd) 1 13 2 5
C to 1— Fireball. 10U (Burns) 3 40 8 2
FOURTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
thtee-year-olds; the Broadway stakes:
Betting. Hor*e. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 5— Bryn Mawr. 114 (Lyne).. 2 3116
11 to 5— Highball. 126 (Hiiaebrnd) 5 2^26
lltofi— Dol. Ppanker.lll (O'Nell) 1 4 1 3 ns
Time. 1 :49 4-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. Gcughacres Stable's br. c. by Athel
ine-Margle Weir. Montreson. Orthodox, fln
lEhed as named.
THIRD RACD— Five furlongs, the Great
American Stakes, two-year-olds.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 20— Sng& Wine. 122. (O'Nei) 2 13 1 ns
2 to 1— Britisher, 115 (Hicks)... 6 3 3 2 2*4
10 to 1— T Claimant, 115 (Shaw) 3 2 % 3 5
Time, 1 :02 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, 1 N. Bennlngton's ch. c. by Goldfinch-
WMcw Cllquot. Amberjack. Jake Sandere.
Tcngorder, Bella Slgnora, Jackstaff, finished
a« named.
SECOND RACE— About two and a half
miles, the Greater New York Steeplechase
Handicap four-year-olds and upward.
Betting. Hor*e. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
16 to 5 — Ragd Cavalr. 150 (Ray) 4 2 6 17
5 to 2 — J Phillips. I5tc (JO 1 urn) :: :« :* 2 25
7 to 5 — Fly Vlrg'n. 144 (Veltch) 5 16 3 10
Time, 5:05. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, Mr. Major'* b. g. by Tournament-Inster
cale. The Virginian, Lee Ridley, Kumshaw,
finished as named.
GRAVEsfeND, June 4.— Without
doubt the most Interesting race of the
afternoon was the Broadway stakes,
for three-year-oldsT In which "Highball,"
admitted to be last year's best two
year-old, was for the first time this
season required to meet only colts of his
own age, instead of being pitted against
the best horses in training.
' At the start there was a cry of dis
may when Highball was apparently
not ready, yet he could not have lost
much ground, for Hildebrand at once
drove him up to the others, and with
Montresson setting the pace and Bryn
Mavrr third, a pretty contest was going
on. Dolly Spanker was being ridden a
waiting race. The pace was apparently
good, though not fast, yet at all times
Bryn Mawr was cloEe enough up to
win. He generally drops far behind. On
this occasion he was. slightly pocketed,
and on the far turn both Highball and
Montresson outran him. As they turned
Into the -stretch Highball j cut across
behind Montresson and took the rail,
v.-hile Bryn Mawr came up in the cen
ter of the track. Apparently he was
winning easily, but Hildebrand, began
to ride Highball hard and Inch by Inch
he closed. It was not until fifty yards
from the finish' that Lyne on Bryn
Mawr realized that he was in danger
of defeat. Then he worked hard for a
few strides, and with Highball closing
rapidly the two pasesd the Judges a
short head apart, Bryn Mawr in front.
Summary:
FIRST RACE— About six furlongs, handi
cap, mares, three -year-olds and up.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— GId Money. 106 (Hlldeb) 8 6 1 1 n
11 to 10— Mam Worth, 126 (Burn) 5 3 4 2 tf
20 to 1— LadAmella. 112 (HPhll) 3 12 3 1%
Time. 1:11 3-5. Start bad. Won driving.
Winner, W. B. JenninsV ch. r. by.Uold Cres»-
Money Spinner. Lux Casta, Sweet Alice, Ar
nvnta At~(-!5na, Little Em, Woodnhade, nn
lehed as named.
WORKS WITH A WILL
- Six new intercollegiate conference
records were made and two of the old
marks were equaled. In the weight
events "Giant" Rose, the Californlan,
now of Michigan, broke the conference
record in the 'shot put, establishing a
new mark at 47 feet % inch, and beat-
Ing the old figure, held by Klrby of No
tre Dame, by nearly six feet. In the
discus throw also Rose set a new mark,
hurling the weight a distance of 125
feet Z\L inches, which is almost seven
feet better than the record made by
Swift of Iowa. One of the surprises of
the meet came with the announcement
that Thomas of Purdue had outdone
Rose in the hammer throw and Inci
dentally had created a new record.
Twenty feet was added to the former
record held by Pell of Drake College,
the new mark being 1B7 feet 1 Inch.
| The Leland Stanford Jr. University
team, which came from the Pacific
Coast to enter the contest, failed to
show up as well as expected, landing
only one first. Dole of that institution
carrying away the honors in the pole
vault. He crossed the bar at 11 feet 6%
inches. Although credited with a prac
tice record of more than 12 feet. Dole
was unable to-day to beat the inter
collegiate record of 11 feet 9 Inches,
held by Dvorak of Michigan. The
principal scores follow: Michigan 32,
Chicago 29. Wisconsin 25, Purdue 13,
Stanford 9, Illinois 6. Summary:
100-yard dash— Won by Rice, Chicago. Time
10 1-5 seconds. I
120-ysrd hurdle— Won by Catlln, Chicago.
Time/ 16 4-5.
220-yard' hurdle, first heat— Won by Lana
gan. Stanford. Time. :2« 1-B. Second heat-
Won" by Poa*e. Wisconsin. Time. :2U 2-5.
410-yard dash — Won by Poage, Wisconsin.
Time :30 4-5.
Half-mile run— Won by Breikrouti, Wlscon
son. Time, 1:58 4-5.
220-yard dash, final heat— Won by Rice,
Chicaso. Time. :22 3-5.
220-yard hurdle handicap — Won by Poage,
Wisconsin; Chicago, second. Time, :25. '
One mile relay race^ — Won by Michigan,
Iowa second. / Chicago third.
On<j mile run— Won by Vernor, Purdue. Time,
Two-mile run— Won by Kellogg. Michigan.
Time, 10:20 2-5. ...
Broad Jump was wen by Friend. Chieago.
Distance, 22 feet 8V t Inches.
High Jump— Won by Fuhrer, Wisconsin.
Dole (Stanford). Feshlag (Purdue), Bellows
(Oberlln). Keeler (Michigan), tied for second
place. . «»
Pole vault— Won by Dole. Stanford; Sams*.
Indiana, and Durland, Illinois, tied for second.
Height, 11 feet «»{, inches.
Shot put— Won by Rose, Michigan: Hyde,
Stanford, second. Distance. 47 feet H Inch.
This breaks the Intercollegiate Conference
Athletic Association record of 41 feet 8t»
Inches, formerly held by Klrby of Notre Dame.
Hammer throw — Won by Thomas. Purdue;
Rc*e, Michigan, second. Distance, 157- f»Pt 1
Inch.
Discus throw — Won by Rose, Michigan.
Distance. 125 feet 3U inches.
CHICAGO, June 4.— The University
of Michigan wyn the Intercollegiate
Conference Athletic Association meet,
held on Marshall Field to-day, securing
32 points. Chicago waa second with 29
points and Wisconsin third with a total
of 25. . .
The grandstand at Ingleside race
: course never held aofalr a gathering
of spectators as looked out with eager
eyes on the picturesque track yester
day, at the inaugural field day^ of the
Public School Athletic League.
Such a riot- of color, stfch a wealth of
beauty could be seen omy at Just such
a gathering of the boys and the girls of
California. Their love of the out-of
door life is seen in the sparkling eyes
and the delicately tinted cneeks which
indicate health and all the Joys which
follow in ts train.
The scene was an animated one
throughout the afternoon, the boy
athletes being spurred on to mighty
deeds on the path by the wild outbursts
of applause of their scnooimates. As
an additional incentive the thirteen
athletes who won the fifteen events on
the'eard will t« sent to the St. Louis
exposition by W. R. Hearst to com
pete* against boys of their own age
from all parts of America.
William Greer Harrison was referee
and Phil Wand starter. Among the
other well known sportsmen who acted
as officials were W. B. Hinchman.
George James. F. W. Koch, Frank
Thompson, John A. Hammersmith,
Max Rosenfeld, Kenneth Melrose and
H. V. Ramsdell. The programme was
disposed of with facility a* once re
markable and commendable. The con
testants came out promptly and there
were no delays. Some years hence,
when these boys are ths star athletes
of the colleges, they will have acquired
other ideas as to their Importance and
will move with greater deliberation
when energetic officials try to get them
on the track.
Toni, of Lincoln School, won the 100
yard dash for grammar school boys
and a.lso the broad Jump. Bonner, of
Lowell, won the high Jump' and the
broad jump for, high school boys. They
were the only competitors to score
double victories.
The successful competitors with the
time or distance they n ade In their
events follow:
SO yards— Shalef (Franklin Grammar),
:0C 2-5.
50 yards— Wiley (Lowell High). :O8 4-5.
100 yards — Tonl (Lincoln Grammar), :11 3-5.
100 yards— Slegel (Mission High), :10 4-5.
220 yards— Caldwell (Hamilton Grammar),
:28.
220 yards — Garcia (Commercial High). :28.
440 yards— Abbott (Lowell High), :5« 4-5.
860 yards— Peeler (Cowell Hlgb). 2:14 2-5.
One mile — Smith (Polytechnic High). 5:11.
High Jump — Bressi (Crocker Grammar), 4
feet t) inches. - -
High Jump — Bcnner (Lowell High), 5 feet.
Broad Jump — Toni (Lincoln Urammer.. 15
feet 4 Inches.
Broad -jump — Bonner (Lowell High). 19 feet
5}» Inches. ' •• ' -• . •->
12-povnd shot ! — Logamarsino (Bergerot
Grammar). 32 "feet 10 Inches.
12-pound shot— Cerf (Lowell High). 39 feet
7 inches.
Mayor Schmitz-. and other dignified
city officials and educators were, for
the moment, boys again and took the
keenest interest in the stirring con
tests. The results in detail follow:
Fifty-yard dash, grammar schools — First heat
won by McHenry (Horace Mann). Robinson
(Everett) second; time, ti 3-5. Seccnd heat
won by Lngomarslno (Bergerot). Calvert (Su
tro) second; time. 6 4-5. Third heat won by
Matthews (Hearst). Church (Adams) second;
time. 6 4-5. Fourth heat won by Lowrle
(Hearst, Carroll (Clement) second; time, 6 4-5.
Fifth heat won by Shalef (Franklin). Otto
man (Crocker) second: time, 6 4-5. Final heat
won by Shalef (Franklin). McHehry (Horace
Mann) second; time. 0 2-5.
Fifty-yard Sash, high school* — First heat
won by Wiley (Lowell). Jones (Lowell) sec
end: time. 6 4-!V Second heat won by Coul
ter (Commercial). Wood (Lowell) second; time.
G. Final heat won by Wiley (Lowell), Jones
(Lowell) second: time. 6 4-S.
Hundred yards, grammar schools — First heat
won by Tonl (Lincoln). Armuth (Hamilton)
second; tlm«. 11 3-5. Second heat won by
Caldwell (Hamilton). Carroll (Clement) sec
ond, time. 11 4-5. Third heat won by Shalef
(Franklin). Hood (Hearst) second; time. 11 3-5.
Fourth heat won by Van Acker (Pacific). A.
Nelson (Richmond) second: time. 11 4-5. Fifth
heat wen by McHenry (Horace Mann), Per
kins (Pacific) second: time, 11 4-5. Float heat
won by Ton! (Lincoln), Shalef (Franklin) sec
ond; time. 11 3-6.
Hundred yards, high school* — First heat won
by Wiley (Lowell). Coulter (Commercial) sec
ond; time. 10 4-5. Second heat won by Slegel
(Mission). Wood (Lowell) second: time, 10 4-5.
Final heat won by Sleacel (Mission), Wiley
(Lowell) second; time. 10 4-5.
Two hundred and twenty yard dash, gram
mar schools^ — First heat won by Olwell (Su
tro), Matthews (Hearst) second: time, :27.
Second heat won by Caldwell (Hamilton). Van
Acker (Pacific Heights) second: time. :28 3-5.
Third heat won by Bromley (Clement), time.
:2rt 1-5. Fourth heat won by Armuth (Ham
ilton), Tonl (Lincoln) second; time. :2fl. Fifth
heat won by A. Nelson (Richmond). Butler
(Fn-mont) second; tlme.:26. Final heat won by
Caldwell (Hamilton). Bromley (Clement) sec
ond: time, :26.
220-yard dash, hlch schools — First heat won
by Garcia (Commercial). Abbott (Lowell) sec
ond; time, :25 1-5. Sfcond heat won by Jones
(Lowell), Reeler (Lowell) second; time. :25.
Final heat won by Garcia (Commejclal), Ab
bott (I-owell) second: time. :20.
Quarter mile hlith schools — Won by Abbott
(Lowell). Ashley (Polytechnic) second. Ttme.
:5«4-5.
Half mile— "Won by Peeler (Lowell). My«r
(Lowell) second. Time. 2:t4 2-5.
One mlle^ — Won by Smith (Polytechnic). Lang
(Lowell) second. Garrln (Lowell) third; time.
5:11.
High Jump, grammar schools — Won by Bressl
(Crocker), McKay (Crocker) second: height.
4 tfd 0 Inches.
High Jurr>r» hleh schools — Won by Banner
(Lowell), Bressl (Crocker) second; height, A
feet v*' '
Broad Jump, grammar schools — Won by Toni
(Ltncoln) Bressl (Crocker) second, Cereghtno
(Horace Mann) third; \ distance, 15 feet 4
inches.
Broad Jump, hlsh schools^ — Won by Bonner
(Lowell), Fisher (Mission), second; distance.
19 feet 6*4 Inches.
12-pound shot, grammar schools — Won' by
Logomarslno (Bergerot). Bromley (Clement)
second. Ordway (Lick) third; distance 32 feet,
10 Inches.
12-pound shot. hUh schools — won byi Cert
(Lowell) Fisher (Mission) second ;' distance 39
feet 7 Inches. ¦- _ ¦ ,:¦-_
iUaiVJLNlH RACE— Seven furlongs, puree,
three-year-olds anJ upward. .
Btttinc- Horse. Weight. Jockt-y. St. »i Fin.
15 to 1— Dollnda. >7 (Perkin?)... 13 2 12
9 to 5— MartluE. 9S (H Andersn) 4 5 3 2 H
6 to 1— Orpheum. lC>0 (Wallace). 6 6 H 3 H
Time. 1:41. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner. J. C. Cahns ch. g. (3) by Donald A-Linda.
Clear the Arena ho, Dawson 100, Conundrum
1<JO. Buccleuth 105, Velasquez 105, finished as
named.
Time. 2:24. Start good. Wen galloping.
Winner, R. W. Marks & Co.'s ch. g. <5) by
Service-Miss Baker. Ktrader 105, also ran.
SIXTH RACE — One and a quarter miles,
purse, three-year-olds and upward.
U:ttir.g. llorfp. Weight. Jockty. St. =4 Fin.
0 to 5 — Broodier. 102 (McMulln) 118 16
Even— (Jaslighter. 100 (Wallac) 3 3 20 2 2
4 to 1— Lynch, 102 (Perkins)... 2 2 4 3 50
FIFTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs,
purse, tour-year-olds and upward.
B-tting. Hor*e. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
13 to 1 — Sid Silver. 112 (Howell). 5 3 2 13
2 to 1 — Sting, 107 (Plunket) 0 6 2 4
25 to 1 — Caelana, 105 (H.Anders) 1 1 h 3 >«
Time, l:30>*. Start good. Won easily.
¦Winner. J. J. Ogle's b. g. (4) by Siddarthe-SU
verDiir.£:e. Echodale 117, General Prig 110,
£uave 110, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE — One mile and seventy
yards. June Handicap, three-year-olds and up
ward; f.'j:ni to w:nntr.
BHUns. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Jordan, 1C1 ID. Austin). 3 4 2 1 H
6 to 1— Jk Young. 100 (WallceJ 7 2 2 2 »,
12 to 1— Nevr Such. SMJ (Perkins) 2 5 H 3 V»
Time, 1 :5SH. Start poor. Won driving.
TVinner. T. P. Hayes' br. h. (5) by Lamp
llghtfr-Emmi III. Forehand 96, Dan McKen
na 1U9, Lucian 100, Bugler 95, finished as
named. -(Young left Bideways.)
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; purse; three
yenr-olde:
B'ttinp. Horee. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
7 to 10 — Radium. 9s (Perkins).. S 3 6 1 «
SO to 1— King Fox II, 103 <Wlce) 7 1 h 2 5,
12 to 1— Tom Kiley. 1CS (Neeley) « 5 2 3 5
Time. 1:27 »«. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. V. J. tsullfvan'k c. f. (3) by Rus»ell-Sil
vtretone. Dan McOue 10S. Ljla Noel 1C.J, Bush
Smith 103. Matt Wadleirh 1(». Major Car
penter 105, finished as named.
Ttaf. l:32ij. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. O. A. CrandaM's t>r. g. by Kins Gailoji-
UrooklPt. Little Oiant 112. Rena P 110,
Domini* 114. Uranium 1K>, Nan Dora 107,
Frank Jonc-s 1V&.- finished as named.
SECOND RAC1>-Six acd a half furlongs;
; -:n ; Jour-year-olds and up:
Bettlr.c. Horse. Weight. Jockey. 6t. % Fin.
lu to 1— branch II. Ill (Dale)... 2 1 H 1 3
fc to 1— Moroni. 112 (McMuilen). 3 4 a 2 14
2 to 1— Dr. Kiur, 115 (Wallace). 5 3 2 3 2
ST. LOUIS, June 4.— Despite the ter
rible track conditions, the June handi
cap run here at Delmar track- to-day
resulted In a blanket finish, with Jor
dan winning. Jack Young, after being
left at the post, was messed about all
over the track or he would eurely have
finished first Dan McKenna and Fore
hand could not get up. Platoon, at 1
to 2. was beaten by Franco in the open
ing event of the card. Franco was
heavily played. A big crowd saw the
races run and the books got most of
the money. Judge Murphy leaves to
r.ight to preside at Kenilworth. Ed
v ard ilaginn will probably succeed
him. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Flv» furlonse; rurse; two
v«ar-ol<ls:
Iiettinx. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
1 to 1 — Franco, 1W (H. Andrsn) 3 2 3 11
10 to 1— Joe Kelly. 107 (Wallace) 1 1 2 2 7
2 to 1— PJi'.oon, 107 iFOy) 4 45 3 H
Time. 1:11. Start eood. VI" on driving. Win
ner. Bennett 4c Co.'s b. c. (2) by Prlg-
HerniCTlu. Howard Vance 103 and Dameron ,
104 finished ac named.
Ryan. St. D. A. C, New York. Distance. ZS
feet 2 Inches.
Hildebrand and Lyne
Ride Their Hardest
at the Finish.
Dole of Stanford Wins the
Pole Vault in Sharp Com
petition at Chicago.
Ingleside Track Presents a
Brilliant Appearance at
Athletic Meet.
Champion Gains Muscle and
Brawn by Constant Hard
Labor in the Gymnasium
Jordan Takes June Handicap
at Delihar, With Jack
Young Second.
Bich Harlem National Hand
icap Won by Pondage
in a Canter.
JEFF'S STRENGTH
IS INCREASING
BRYN MAWR BEATS HIGHBALL A HEAD
FOR BROADWAY STAKES AT GRAVESEND
PLAW, ROSE AND DOLE VICTORIOUS
OVER GREATEST EASTERN ATHLETES
Plaw Adds Twenty Feet to
the American Record for
Hammer Throw.
CALIFORNIA ATHLETES ARE VICTORIOUS ON EASTERN FIELDS
U., St. Louis. Distance. 20 feet 1*4 inches.
Running high jump — Won by Channlnr Hall
P. A. C. San Francisco. Heiarht. 5 feet OH
Inches. **a%$m$
Two-mile run — Won by A. Grant N T A
C. New .York. Time, l6:16 2-5. " "
Throwinjr l«-pound hammer — Won by A D
Plaw, P. A.' C, Oakland. Distance 1C2 feet-
John Flanagan. G. N. Y. I. A. A.. New York
second, 15.; feet four Inches: C. Van Dayne"
G. N. Y.I. A.' A.. New York, third. 152 feet
3Vi Inches. Th«> previous American champion
was J. S. Mitchell. New York City; whose
record was 140 feet 1- Inch.
• Mile run — Won by«J. H. Mumon, N. Y. A
C. New York. Time. 4:11 2-C.
440-yard run — Won by D. H. Meyers. Sev
enty-fourth ReKlmf nt A. A., Buffalo. - Time.
51 1-5 seconds.
Five-mile run — Won by J. Joyce. G. N. T. I.
A. A.. New York. Time, 28:25 1-5.
Throwing the discus — Won by M.'J. Sher
idan. G. N. Y. I. A. A.,' New York. Distance.
lift feet 1V4 inches. ,
sixteen-pound shot put— Won by John J.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY; (JUNE 5, 1904.
36
I L^j . ADVEB.TISEJHEUT3.
Centuries .Old ||Py
! The disease which has Drought more suffering-, degra- ilpl^jQol
dation and disgrace upon the human race is the same pfNawlii)
to-day that it was centuries ago. It is called Contagious -s^^^S^
Blood Poison, "The Bad_ Disease," and is given other
names, but among all nations is regarded as the blackest "x[S&jfoL?id$$8t*' !
and vilest of all human diseases. It goes from bad to
worse ; the little sores that first appear are soon followed ™fi *** ''
by others; the glands of the j — olBon and the -^
groins swell and inflame, a doctors did mono jrood, though I took ; their treat-
red eruption breaks out on the raent faithfully. In fact. I seemed. to arrow worse
, , . -V,« n^A +i,-,^f all the while. I was disheartened, for it seemed
body, the mouth and throat that i would never be cured. At the advice of a
become ulcerated, the hair and friend I then took S. S. S., and be^an to improve.
».i7» tirnme Hmn rmr tnA iio-itr I , contlnuod the medicine, and it cured me com-
eye-brows drop out, ana ugly pletely, building- up my health and increasing; my
yell6W blotches make their appetite. Although this was ten years a&o, I have
annearance and if the disease nov6r had a * lgn of tho dise a8 ° to return, -r
g'SSecUd^S^sSge! B«285,Savannah,Oa. W. B. NEWMAN,
every bone, muscle, tissue and nerve in the, body oecomes infected .with.- the
poison, and from the roots of the hair to the soles of the feet there is not a
•-^^'•"-i-'-'^l^-'ul; sound spot anywhere. To cure this awful contagion
1^^ |C^ tCS th* blood must first be purified, and nothing .; will do
3 so < '^ u * c^^y- an< i surdy as S.''S.'S.;, which has been
K^J K^^J KOi .known for years as ah antidote for the poisonous
L . m^ virus of Contagious Blood Poison. . Mercury and pot-
ash may check it for a time, but it comes back in a still 1 more aggravated"
'form. S.S.S.'is guaranteed purely vegetable, and $i, 006 is offered for proof
that it contains a mineral ingredient. ; Write for our home-treatment book, ¦
and learn all about Contagious Blood Poison and how to treat it. No charge
for medical advice. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, CAm
ADVZBTISEltZNTi .
DR. 0. C. JOSLEN
The Leading Specialist
The serious results. thtt may fol-
i low noglect of contracted diseases
could fccsrcely be exaggerated.
| ftaffty demands en absolute thor-
i uugfc cure In the least possible
! time. 1 have treated more cases'
* of contracted disorders than any
other i'hyriclan on th» Pacific
i : Coast. My cures are thorough and
are accomplished In lest, time than
other fornm of treatment required
iu producinr evtn doubtful result*.
I <-n?plcy rfmedles of my own d<>-
visir.z. find my treatment it equal-
ly effective In both recent and
chronic case*.
"WEAKNESS"
My cures of- this disorder are
rrraiinent and lasting. No tonics
that cumulate temporarily, but ¦
thoroughly *cienti!ic treatment for
the removal of conditions respons-
ible for th- functional derange-
ment. "Weaknpfs" in merely a
symptom of inflammation or con-
g'-etion of the pruetate gland, and
under my own original local treat-
ment this *plan<1 is promptly re-
duced to It* normal state and com-
pltte functional activity Is the last-
Ing result.
c- o
Contracted Disorders
I cure Spermatorrhea,
Varicoccle. Stricture, Piles,
Specific Blood Poison, Seflez
Aliment*, etc. Consultation
and aCvlce free. Send' for
my copyrighted pamphlet,
"Live AU Tour Tears a
aiaa" — an instructive treat-
ise oa men's ailments. No
afflicted man, should be
without it.
o : 6
o o
iMy fees are fair; my I
cures are permanent, and I
yon can pay wnen satisfied
that you are well. J
DR. 0. C. JOSLEN
Corner Market and Kearny Sts.'
> Private Entrance, 1C2 Market st.
Office 'Hours — 0 a. m. to 4:30
p. m. and V:30 to 8:30 p. m. Sun-
days. 10 to 1 only.
AI> I 7EBi'ISEMENT3.
Ill suspensory Wjk
?S§B| tor two weeks— the original t'sSa
fv<iji£j| investment does not amount BhSSJ*
JrSyftH to much — and satisfy yourself S3mr£|
£J£fg9 *» to the good it will do. #
TSSst 1' 't does not make you Jv 1 *) '¦¦!
wrefft f* ( l better — docs not in- VmSSk
jr-nj^H crease your capacity for jNSXB
lgMB& work — your energy-» /*Mfc2f ".a
Wffjsgl your vitality — take it £&&£& "*l
in o r c - jSf&£&&r
93S3 good Investment from "^SfiSk
ftfffla every standpoint. Vjjttflk
ftqigfl // will, by reliering one ffifVA
JSj-Ka 'train which tvery man ex- BaT*
fn9 . periences. Au unconscious T. ' --J
KXfci strain, although little is big ! , j
teaffli when multiplied by the nura- I .- ~"A
Tf^f^SJ ber of seconds in a day. JBhBO
J|u3e1 O-P-C suspensories are M»
IJSrsMa sold by aearly all drag- jgiflUf
Sgj&a >f|sts. No doubt your drug- jtfSffiF
j^^^lr you it w »»l be to
M&SnF T° ur interest to insist **^
j&S&gif «poa the O-P-C If yoor
£l5Si^»' < * e "' eT w *» 1 not supply you. send to
us. No. 3 O-P-C, lUle, Ji.oo; No. 3
'WM "The Mark ol ths Muter." an inter*
•3$g>$l esting boolclet, giving reasons why
<«kM every'man should wear an O-P-C fu»-
< *23£ft pensory, sent free upon request.
lUllL Bauer & Black
TffiagjjSt aSj TwentyflUh St. J$J
> , .>¦•.'.-.
THS OVZiT BSCOOJf 1X11O- ¦¦
Panama and Felt Hatters
L. WIGGINS & CO.
20 Tears' Experience. Positively no Acldi.
Used. The Best Equipped Shop tn 9*n Fr^M
Cisco. All Work Guaranteed First Class. .i£*
Orders Called For and D«llvered Tt*m ol
Chanca. „ I* WIGGINS A CO..
I 1222 HOWARD STREET, bet. Stb and 9tiSUNDAY. JUNE B.
Pun rises 4:47
Sun eets .7:23
Moon rise (third quarter) 0:00 a. m.
O Time Time Time Time
• Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
»HW LW HW LW
0 4:05 8.S 10:28 1.2 B:48 4.0 11:50 2-»
C 5:12 3.5 11:18 l.B 6:2S 5.1.
L W H W L -W H-W
7 0:46 2.4 6:27 3.4 12:10 1.7 7:07 B.I
8 1:32 1.8 7:37 3.6 1:00 2.0 7:43 5.2
0 2:14 1.2 8:44 3.8 1:42 2.2 8:16 6.4
10 2:68 0.0 9:41 4.0 2:30 2.4 8:60 6.6
11 3:87 0.0 10:33 4.2 3:14 2.6 0:24 6.8
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the. early morning (Ides are given In , the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the' last tide of! the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by I
the charts. The plane of reference U the meaa i
of the lower, low waters, I
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort ' Point, entrance to San Francisco
. - Bay. Published by official authority of tha
Superintendent. .-
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city; front (Mission-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at ¦ Fort Point: tha height
of tide Is the same at both places."
Sun, Moon mid Tide.
Out of the ninety-two candy samples
examined by the Massachusetts 'Board
of Health, eighteen were colored with
deadly lead chromate.
PARIS, June 4. — The flower I carnival was
Inaugurated in the Dols d» Boulogne this after
noon. This opons the "grand week" during
which there will be ¦ a series of - brilliant
functions In many fashionable hotses.
The export of sole leather from the
United States averages about 1500,000
a month.
LONDON, June 4. — The official ac
ceptance of the challenge sent by the
Oxford University Athletic Club on
behalf of Oxford and Cambridge uni
versities to Harvard and Tale for an
athletic meeting in London this sum
mer has been received by cable.
International Meet Arranged.
Africander May Start at St. Louis.
NEW YORK. June 4. — There is a
strong probability, according to
Charles Dwyer, one of his owners, that
Africander will be a starter In
the $50,000 "World's Fair handicap at
St. Louis. "It all depends on how
the colt comes out of the Suburban,"
said he. "If he pulls up in good shape
and runs up to expectations we will
ship him to St. Louis." With McChes
ney and Africander as contestants in
the rich stake and a possibility that
Hermis may be sent also. Eastern in
terest in the St. Louis race is Increas
ing.
To Colombia— 1SS bb!s ftour, 10,000 lbs su
gar. SO3 gals wine, lt>00 lbs rice. 200 lbs rai
sins, 24 cs ralmon, SO cs powder, 40 bdls lum
ber. 8 cs boots asd choes.
To Ecuador — 350 bbls flour. 600 gals wine.
€0 cs canned salmon. 20 bdls brocma. S30 colls
rope.
To Peru — 18,460 lbs dried shrimps, 89 cs
assorted canned coods, 180 cs canned salmon.
&S0 lbs taesis, 3 cs beney. 0 cs liquors. 1773
lbs tried fruit, 29.623 lbs malt. 21 cs baking
To Central America. — 443 bbls flour. 1S8 gais
wine. 2ti cs salmon. 45 cs assorted caaned
goods. !OT, <bs cpices. 203 lbs sago. 288 lbs tea.
10 kegs liquor, 12 cs whisky. 63 cs coal oil.
SO roils paper. 12.40C railroad ties, -6A pes
railroad to&trrtat. ."• pkgs car material. 6 pkgs
machinery. 2U3S ft lumber. <J3M lbs tallow.
20,000 lbs cement. S pkgs paints, 10 reels
barbed wir«. IS bars eteel.
;.::.!¦-'. 27 pee pipe, 10 kegs paint. 1 bale
rubber gooda, 2& kegs nails, 97 per 34 bdls
iron, 74 eks coke, 14 per 2 bdls steel,' 4 casks
chain. 14 Iron beams, :50 gals 1 cs wine, 8
cs canned goods.
The German bteamer Serapls of the Kosnoos
line sailed yesterday for Hamburg and way
ports with a general merchandise cargo con
i,rc: frincIpaJiy to ports elong the west
coast of Central and South America, valued at
H'j.W!,. to b* distributed a* Joilows: ' For
Mexico, $14.1>40; Central America, iM'»0: Co
lombia. ?^2%; Ecuador. *53</7; Peru, *9795;
t:tl>. $3u: France, $40; G*rmary. $:>:'.r>. The
¦¦ iiKg txiwrts were as follows:
".u Mexico — 300 flasks quicksilver, 10.000 ft
Exports by the Ivosmos Liner.
Stolen base — Anderson. Errors — Wheeler 2.
HUdebrand.' Two-base hit*— Meany. Gorton,
Waldron, Massey. First base on errors — San
Francisco 2. Left on bases — Los Angeles 0,
San Francisco 1. Bases on balls — Off Whalen
1 oft Baum 2. Struck out — By Whalen 5, by
Baum 1. Wild pitch — Whalen. Hit by pitched
t, a il — Anderson. Time of garoe^ — 1 hour and
20 minutes. Umpire — McDonald.
Los Angeles ....0 1130020 x — 7
Base hits 0 2 2 4 0 0 3 0 x— 11
San Francisco. ..0 0 0 00 0 1 0 0 — 1
Base hits 0 1 01 0 2 2 0 1—7
SUMMARY.
Good, Steady Game.
LOS ANGELES, June 4. — The cham
pions batted Jimmy Whalen hard
throughout to-day's game and won
with ease by a score of 7 to 1. Baum
was in fine form and kept the seven
hits made off him scattered through-
Out the nine innings. He was backed
up by star fielding, notwithstanding
the patched-up condition of the team.
Los Anireles— 1 San Francisco —
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Wheter.s 4 0 0 1 l,IIlldbd,3b 4 0 0 11
'Flood 2b. 4 1 2 4 3 Wldrn.cf. IS 0 1 5 0
9mlth.3b. 4 110 2 Meany.rf 4 0 10 1
Brnrd.cf 4 13 4 0, Leahy. c. 4 0 15 0
Ross.lf .110 2 0,Andrsn.s 3 0 0 10
Eagar If. 3 0 0 S 0 Relt*,2b.. 4 0 2 0 2
Chase, lb.« 4 13 8 OMasey.lb 4 0 1 10 0
Sples.c... 4 114 1 Gorton,lf 3 1 1 .2 0
Baum.p 4 0 0 0 2 Whalen, p 4 0 0 0 1
Boman,rf_4_l_l_l^ _ _ _ _ _
Totals. 36 7 11 27 9
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Angels' Patehed-Up Team Play9 a
WHALEX RECEIVES HIS BUMPS.
Blatters of Interest to Mariners and
>hi;>;iiii2 Merchant**.
The barker.tine* Coronado and S. G. Wilder
return to Honolulu and the bark Roderick
Dfcu to Hilo with general cargo.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Steamer. From. Due.
SanMateo... Tacoma ..June 5
Mackinaw... Tacoma June 5
Arctic Humboldt June 5
Valencia Puget Sound Ports June Q
Bon'ta Newport & Way Ports. June 5
Eureka Humboldt , June 5
G. Llndauer. . Grays Harbor June •
Sequoia Willapa Harbor June 6
Centralla Grays Harbor June 5
Montara Seattle June 5
Alliance Portland & Way Ports June S
Arjco Eel Kiver Ports June 8
S.Barbara... Seattle & Olympia June 6
Ventura Sydney A Way Ports. June 6
State of Cal.. Fan Diego & Way Pts. June 6
Arcata. Coox Bay & Pt. Orford. June 6
Titania Nanalmo June 6
Chico Portland & Astoria June 7
Coptic China & Japan June 7
Aurelia Portland & Astoria June 7
Elizabeth.... Coqullle River June 7
forao Point Arena & Albion. June 7
Pomona Humboldt June 7
G. \V. Elder.. Portland & Astoria June 8 !
Point Arena.. Mendoclno &. Pt. Arena. June 9
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. June 9
Coos Bay San Tedro & Way Pts. June 9
Newburg Grays Harbor June 9
Cheballs San Pedro June 9
City Para New York via Panama. June 10
Algoa China &. Japan June 10
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports.... June 10
Corona Humboldt jjune 10
Nebraskan... New York June 12
North Fork. . Humboldt June 12
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma June 1.1
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria June IS
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports June 15 I
San Jose New York via Panama. June 10
t TO BAIlI
Bteamer. Destination. . Sails. PlerT
Jtmsj B.v
S.Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier S
Centralla... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
B. Rosa. . . . Ban Diego & Way. 8 am Pier 11
June 6. ,
North Fork. Humboldt ......... 5 pm Pier 20
S.Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 6 pm Pl«r 2
Columbia... Astoria * Portland 11 am Pier 24
Corona Humboldt l:30pPler t
Joa* 7.
SanPedro.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Curacao.^.. Mexican. Ports .... 10 tm Pier 11
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos Bay 5 pm|Pler 16
June 8. • |
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Bonlta Newport & Way... 9 am Pier II
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 6 pm Pier 20
Sequoia Willapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 'JO
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Breakwater Coos Bay 9 am Pier 8
Valencia!... Nome via Seattle.. 11 am Pier 9
Rainier. . . . Seattle & Bellnghm 4 pm Pier 10
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
. June 9. |
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor pi er
Elizabeth.. Coqullle River..... 8 pm Pier 20
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier tl
C Nelson.. Nome.& Teller.... 4 pm Pier 20
Pomona.... Hurnboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
June 11.
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Siberia China k Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Newport N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena ....... 4 pm Pier 2
Jane 12.
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Coos Bay.:. 8an Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier" 11
June 13. . . ¦-¦
O. Dollar. . * Grays Harbor. ..... 4 pm Pier 10
June 14.
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier •
June 18.
Ventura.... Sydney A Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma. 6 pm Pier 20
" ~~FROM 8EATTLE. ~~
Steamer. For. Sails.
City 8eattle.. Bkagway A Way Ports. June S
Farallon Skagway A Way Ports. June 8
J. Dollar Valdes A Seward June 8
Humboldt.... Bkagway A Way Ports. June 10
Bertha Valde* * Way Ports.. June 10
Tamplco Nome A St. Michael... June 12
Cottage City. Ekagway A Way Ports. June 12
Valencia Nome June 14
Santa Ana... Cooks Inlet * Way Pts. June H
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
The rate of reinsurance on the Brit
ish chip Leyland Bros, was advanced
yesterday to 40 per cert. No change
waa made in any other rates on the
reinsurance board.
IUite on Leyland Bros. Advances.
Saturday. J Un e 4.
U S stmr Bear. Myrick, from eea on ac
count of being in collision with schr Epokane.
Stmr F. A. Kilburn. Jahnaen, 7 hours from
Port Rodders. •
Stmr Scotia. Johnson. 10 hours from Bow
ens Landing. i , -
Stmr Gualala, Panzer,. 11 hours from Bend
ers Landing.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen, 14 hours from Cas
par.
Stmr Rainier, Hansen. 87 hours from Belllng
ham. .
Stmr Centennial, Strand. 7S hours from Se
attle
Stmr Santa Crur. Alberts 104 hours from
San Pedro, etc.
sStmr Cella, Nordberg. 19 hours from Albion.
Ftn-ir Aberdeen, Hansen, CO hours from As
toria. *
Mmr Noyo, Johnson. C2 hours from Redondo.
Stm. Corona, Glelow, 20 hours from Eureka.
Stnir City of Peking. Roberta, 30 days from
Panama. 11 days from Acapulco.
£tmr Iaqua. Jorgenson 42 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Charles Nelson. Gunderson, 22 hours
from Eureka.
Stmr James S. Higgins. Hlggins. 47 hours
from Port Los Angeles.
Stmr Sacta Monica. Olsen, G7 hours from
San Pedro.
Schr Advance. Jorgensen, 6 days from Co
quille River.
• Bender Bros.. Wetrell.*7 days from
i Siuslaw River.
£chr Salvator. Oberg. 10 days from Everett.
Schr Bella. Jamieson. 6 days from Slueiaw.
Schr Mtlanctbon. Stark. 7 days from Coos
Bay.
Schr C. A. Klose. Mercler, 11 flays from Mu-
Irllteo. <
Schr Newark. Relnertsen, 10 hours from
Stewarts Point.
' Schr Viking, Eatvold, 8 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Spokane*. Jamieson, 7 days from Port
Gamble, via Port Townsend SVi days.
Saturday, Jun* 4.
Stmr Alameda. Dowdell. Honolulu; J. D.
Spreckels & Bros. Co.
Ger stmr Serapls, Kichert. Hamburg and way
ports; J. D. Epreckels & Bros." Co.
Btmr Umatilla, Nopander; Victoria, etc.; P
C S S Co.
fctr-.r Columbia. Do ran, Astoria; O R & N Co.
Stmr City of Sydney, McLean, Panama and
way ports; P M S S Co.
Bark Annie Johnson. Nelson. Honolulu ; J.
D. Spreckels & liroc Co. -
SAILED. •
Saturday. June 4.
Etmr City of Sydney, McLean. Panama, ato.
Stmr Coos Bay. Johnson. San Pedro.
Stmr Umatllla, Nopander, Victoria, etc.
Stmr Asuncion. Bridgett, Ventura.
Stmr Iaqua, Jorgenson. Eureka.
Stmr Weatport. Smith, Westport. ' . • '
Stmr George - Loomls, Badger. Astoria.
Ftmr Phoenix. Odland. Eureka.
Ktnr Point Arena, Miller, Mendoclno.
Stmr Greenwood, Swansen, Mendoclno.
Schr Sophie Chrlstenson, Lunvaldt. Grays
Harbor.
: Bark Coloma, Johnson. Port Hadlock.
Uktn Amelia, Wilier/ Eureka.
Schr Abble, Larsen. Fort Ross.
Schr Alice Oooke, Penhallow. Port Gamble.
Schr Falcon, Anderson, Astoria.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 4, 10 p. m. — Wsather
hazy; wind NW; velocity of 24 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
UMPQUA— Sailed June 2— Stmr Ban Ga
briel, for Eureka and San Pedro; schr Lily,
for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed June 4— Schr Wllbert
L. Smith, for Port Townsend.
PORT TOWNSEND— Paeeed In June 4 — Schr
Argun, from Ran Pedro, for Port Blakeley.
Arrived June 4 — Schr Blakeley, hence. May
2<f; schr Charles E. Falk, hence May 20.
Arrived June 4 — Br ship Cleomene from San
Pedro, ship Emily Reed, hence May 21.
TATOOSH — Passed June 4 — Ship J. B.
Thomas, from Ladysmlth, for Nome: schr
Meteor, from Port Blakeley. for Ban Pedro.
Passed In June 4 — Schr Balboa, from Ban
Pedro, for Port Blakeley.
Passed In June 4 — Stmr James Dollar from
VcWez. for Seattle.
ASTORIA— ArrtveB Jnue 4 — Stmr Despatch,
from Eureka.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived June S — 8chr
Jessie Minor, hence May 19; schr J. F. Miller,
hence May 21. - .
Arrived June 4 — Bear W. ¦ F. Jewett, from
Rr5ordo; schr Marion, hence May 22.
Balled June 4 — Schr Redfleld, for Ban Fran
cisco.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed June i— fitmr Co*
ARRIVED.
Shipping Intelligence.
First race, six furlong — Battery
won, D. L. Moore second, Haidee third.
Time, 1:14^.
Second race, five furlongs^ — The
Thrall won. San Jose second. Hadrian
third. Time. 1:01^4.
Third race. Brewers' stakes, six fur
longs — Silk Maid won. Colonial sec
ond, Copperfield third. Time, 1:13%.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Mabel
Winne won. Icicle second,. Lulu Maria
third. Time. 1:14%.
Sixth race, five furlongs — Green
Gown won, Muldoon second, Scortella
third. Time, 1:02.
CINCINNATI, June 4. — Latonia
summary:
Jjatonia Race Results.
Smith. DelehantV. Mohler. Struck out— By
Galeskl 4. by WIHIatim 7. £Ba»e» on baHf—
Oft Keefe 4. off Galeski 2. off AV llllains 1. Hit
by pitcher— By Keefe 2. by William!. 3. Pasje d
balls— Blanken«hip 2. Wild pitch— Keefe.
Stolen bases— Sheehan. Graham. McLaushlln,
Delehamy Clar.kcnshlp (2). Two-base hits—
McLftUchlln. Brashenr (2). Hlankenshlp, Hall.
Three-base hits— Mohler. Delehanty. Home run
— Smith. Double playe — Thomas to Eagan.
Hogan to Graham to Hocan. Mohler to Hall
to Brashear. Left on bases — Tacoma 12. Se
attle 7. Hits— Off Keefe 4, off Galexkl 10.
Time of game — 2 hours and 10^ minutes. ' Um
pire OXonnell.
The steamship Umatilla, Captain No
pander, railed yesterday for Puget
Sound with a large number of passen
gers.
The Pacific Mail Company's liner City
*-f Sydney sailed yesterday for Panama
df-d way ports. Her cargo Included
2*CS barrels of wine and 600 tons of
flour.
J. D. Spreckels &. Bros. Company's
steamer Breakwater "will have a trial
trip on the bay this morning. She will
leave Pacific-5treet wharf at 9 o'clock.
The American ship Kennebec, Cap
tain Lane, passed Cape Henry on
June 2.
Water Front Rates.
To New ! York— 11H.214 srals wine. 25 flasks
quicksilver, lati.SSH lbs -wool. 109.130 lbs as
phaltum. io.joti lbs dry hides. 60 bales Junk.
400,36<J lbs lead. 2125 lbs dross. 100 hardwood
lops. 1C0 tks cattle horns, 4 bdls eklns.
To Colombia— 25 bbls flour.
To Ecuador — 125 bbls flour.
To Jamaica — «5 cs canned aalmen.
To Mexico — 3s6 (tais wine. 46 pkrs gro
ceries and provisions. 217 lbs ham and bacon,
10 cs canned roods. 1012 lbs apices. 17 cs min
eral water. 04S lbs dried fruit, 4CO lbs raisins.
11 pkgs railroad material, e pkffs mining cars,
13 cs arms tnd ammunition. 10 pkgs pasle L
2^5 sheetB Iron 6 cs machinery. 3 cs drugs,
HUC2 lbs tallow. 15 boiler tubes. 200 bdls
shooks. 17 cs paints and oils. 4 coils rope, 15
kers> nail?, 2C50 ft lumber. 93S0 lbs asphaltum.
To Central America — 2G.31 bbls flour. 1715
gal* 30 cs wine. 17.447 lbs ric*. 62 pkgs table
preparaticr.s. 5'.»6 lb« beans. 2143 lbs spices,
ldii lbs lard. C3 crts potatoes. 75y lbs 2 c«
che«*e. 047 lbs 2 cs ham and bafson, 30.150 lbs
salt. 41 pkss groceries and provisions. 36 cs
canned goods, 19 cs salmon, > cs tin, 72 cs
whisky. 5.10 lbs ralMns. 1C33 lbs dried fruit.
926 :ls t> cs bread, 14 pkzs paste, 4V2 lbs tea,
42.163 lbe taJlow, 2540 Ibt rusin. 5 pkes acid,
ll»O bales cotton. 7 bales leather. C2 pkffs oils,
41 pkgs dry goods, t>7 ska coal. 325 cs coal oil.
*j cs electrical supplies. 12 pkKs machinery,
6 cs drues. 10 colls wire, 214 pkgs paints, 69
cs turpentine. 23 drums coal tar, 50 kegs pow
der. 3<> ski ccke.
To Panama — *50 bbls flour, 2S20 lbs sugar,
12^f> cals wine. 25 cs whisky. 2. r > pkes cro
c^ries and provisions. 3 ce liquors, 1000 bxs
eoap, SJZ>" ft lumber.
The steamer City of Sydney sailed yester
day for Panama and way ports with a gen
eral merchandise carco valued at $143,297. to
be distributed as fellows: For Mexico. $7620;
Central America, $36,122; Panama, $4S07; New
York. $03.e»4: Colombia. 194; Ecuador, $ee2;
Germany, $200; Jamaica. $l»S. The following
were the principal exi>orts:
Cargo By the Panama Steamer.
SfitrAtr, 20 ctU oats. 27.000 ft Iumb«r. 6767
railroad Um. 300 bdls shooks. 4 bdls brooms.
243 coils rope. 4 cs leather. IS pes machinery.
To France— 4 cs liquor*.
To Germany — 200 hardwood logs. 4S5 cs
honey, 372.160 lbs asphaltum, 6 cs canned
coods, 3 bis dried fruit. 275 gals wine.
qullle River, for San Francisco
SANTA BARHARA-Salled June 4— Stmr
Bonlta, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 4— Stmr Spokane,
hence Jur-e 1. June 3 — Stmr Farallon, from
EKagwajr.
COOS BAY-Arrived June 4-Stmr Arcata,
Hence June 1.
a S ° UT H n E*D-Arr]ved June 4-Schr James
A. Garfleld. from San Pedro.
EUREKA— Arrived June 4— Stmr Eureka,
hence June 2; stmr Pomona, hence June 3.
Sailed June 4— Stmrs Arctic and Alliance and
schr John A. for San Francisco.
Sailed June 4— Stmr Eureka for San Fran
cisco.
EVERETT— Sailed June 4— Stmr Robert Dol
lar, fcr San Francisco.
REDON DO— Sailed June 4-^Stmr Acme, for
San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived .June 4— Stmr Rival.
from Bowem.
Sailed June 4— Stmr Prentiss, for San Fran
cisco.
BANDON — Arrived June 4 — Stmr Elizabeth,
hence June 1.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed June 3 — Chll bark Royal
Sovereign, fcr Port Tcwnsend.
Arrived June 4 — U S etmrs Logan and Bu
ford, from Manila; Br stmr Jllowera, from
Victoria, for Sydney; schr Inca, from New
castle. Aus.
Sailed June 4 — Br stmr Mlowera, for Sydney.
HILO — Arrived June 2— Bktn Newsboy, from
Astoria.
EASTERN PORTS.
CAPE HENRY— Passed June 2— Ship Ken
nebec. from Montfvideo. for Philadelphia
FOREIGN PORTS.
VALPARAISO — Sailed May 17-^Ger stmr
Memphis, for Hamburg.
PUNTA ARENAS— Sailed May 17 — Ger stmr
Numantia. for Hambunr.
SWANSEA— Sailed June 1— Fr bark La
Rochejaquelin, for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE— Arrived June 3 — Bark Reap
er, from East London <30 days).
YOKOHAMA — Arrived prior June 4 — Stmr
Tremont, from Tacoma.
SWANSEA — Sailed June 2 — Fr bark General
Faidherbe. for San Francisco.
SHANGHAI— Arrived prior June 3 — Br stmr
Indramayo, from New York.
SINGAPORE— Arrived prior June 4— Br «tmr
Lowther Castle, from New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived June 4 — Sunn St.
Louis and Bremen, from New York.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived June 4 — Btmr Ar
abic, from New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 4— Stmr Island,
from L'hristiansar.d.
BRITISH BARK AULDGIRTH. WHICH "WOULD HAVE BEEN RELEASED FROM
QUARANTINE YESTERDAY HAD THE INSTRUCTIONS OF FEDERAL DOC
TOR BEEN FOLLOWED.
Errors — Graham (2), Brashear (2). Mankm
thlp (2), Lynch. Sheehan. Doyle, Galeski (2),
Taeoma ........ 1 0 1 2 010 2 0— 7
Baa? hits 2 0 12 0 1 13 0—10
Seattle 8 0 8 2 4 0 1 0 1—10
Base hit 1 0 3 3 3 0 2 0 2-14
SUMMARY.
TACOMA. Wash... June 4. — Seattle
took revenge on the Tacomas to-day.
The Tigers went to pieces in the
third and played loosely throughout.
The team was somewhat crippled, ac
counting in a small measure for the
defeat. Seattle also put up a poor
fielding game. Score:
Tacoma — I Seattle —
AB. R. H. P. A. j AB. R. H. P. A.
Doyle.rf . 8 2 8 2 0 Mchlr.2b 0 1114
Shehn,3b 5 12 2 -aiV'Htn.cf 3 8 0 2 0
McLgn.lf 6 12 0 Olpihty.Sb 6 2 2 0 2
Eagan.s. 4 0 0 2 3!Frlsk,lf. 4 2 0 10
Lynch. 2b 4 0 1 2 3 Smlth.rf.. 8 3 110
Orm.c-lb 5 117 llfhclds.rf 10 0 10
Hgn.c-lb 4 2 0 10 llBrchr.lb 6 3 8 7 2
Thmas,rf 4 0 12 l'Hall.s... 6 3 4 0 4
Keefe.p.. 10 0 0 0 Blkshp.o 6 12 6 0
Galeski.p 3 0 0 0 1 Wlams.p 4 113 2
•Fltzgrld 1.0.000
Totals. 45 19 U 27 14
Totals.42 7 10 27 12
•Batted for Galeski In the ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. #
Tacoma Coes to Pieces and Nineteen
Huns Are Piled Up.
SEATTLE HAS ITS REVENGE.
Buck Francks' single through Beck,
which let Byrnes and Buchanan in,
won the battle right there. It might
hare been more, but Bobby Ganley be
came a dead one on trying to make
third on the hit. He kicked good and
strong at the ruling, but it went all the
same.
Francks made two plays in the sixth
that were splendid. Drennan listed a
high one to short center, and it looked
safer than money in the Mint, but
Francks stuck out one mitt and grabbed
it with his back turned. The applause
had hardly died away ere Nadeau lined
a screecher over second. Buck was
there once more with one hand and
threw the runner out at first by many
feet.
After the third inning Portland got
but one man to first base. Buchanan
had everything on the list, Including
curves, speed, slow balls and a change
of pace that was bewildering. The
score:
Oakland — - 1 Portland —
AB.R. H. P.A.i AB.R. H. P.A.
Canley.rf 4 0 2 0 0Drnan,cf. 4 0 0 3 0
Franks,s 4 0 12 4 McCde.rf 2 0 12 1
Krugr.cf 3 0 0 2 ONartau.lf 4 0 0 10
Schfly,2b. 4 0 0 3 2 Beck.Sb.. 4 0 113
J.Strib.lb 3 0 1 12 0 Krncls.3b 3 0 0 2 1
l>evrx.3b 2 0 0 0 1 Bchmer.s. 3 0 0 2 4
Mskm.lf. 3 0 2 2 0|te)mn.lb3 0 0 8 0
Byrnes.c. 2 116 1 Shea.c... 3 115 1
¦Buchan.p 2 10 0 1 Butler.p. 2 0 0 0 1
Totals. 27 3 7 27 9 Totals. 28 1 3 24 11
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0—1
Base hits 0 1 2 0 4 0 0 0 0—3
Oakland 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 x— 2
Base hits 0 0 3 11 1 1 0 x— 7
SUMMARY.'
Errors — Deverenux, Beck. Two-base hit— ,
Beck. Sacrifice hits' — Butler. Buchanan. Kru
ger. Byrnes. First base on errors — Oakland 1.
First base on called balls — Off Buchanan 1, off i
Butler 1. Left on bases— Oakland 4, Portland
3. Struck out — By Buchanan 5. by Butler 4.
Hit by pitcher — McCreedle. Time of game — 1
hcur and 20 minute*. Umpire — Huston.
Shea bit off a saucy single) to right,
and Butler was there with the bunt
that advanced him. McCreedie toraj a
torrid one through second, and Shea
meandered toward third. Kruger
grabbed the ball and lined it to Deve
reaux. The old red boy could not
squeeze it, and on the error Shea came
in with Portland's solitary run.
Oakland started without losing any
time. Jimmy Byrnes unloaded one on
Francis that started foul and then
rolled fair. Buchanan laid down a
bunt and Beck fumbled it. Bobby Gan
ley did likewise, and Butler posed for a
minute while thinking where to throw
the ball and, of course, Ganley beat it
to first.
The best Portland could do with the
twisters of Buchanan was three hits.
He pitched shutout ball, and would
a no-run victory to his credit had
j Mr. Devereaux tightened his flippers
I on the ball when Kruger lined it in to
I him from deep center field In the third
round.
Portland got a run over the pan at
Recreation Park in the third round yes
terday; Oakland grot two over during
the first half of the mixup. After that
it was peace and quietness for the re
mainder of the game. Perhaps the Com
muters could have piled up a few more,
but what was the use of overexertlon
on a hot day when one run 1? enough
with which to win a ball game?
Real gingery stuff it was in every
round. The entire game was reeled off
in an hour and twenty minutes— the
fastest time made on the diamond this
season. Into this short space of time
was crowded some grand pitching and
fielding of the brightest kind.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific Coast League.)
W. L. Pet. I W. L. Pet.
Oakland ....30 27 .501 Los Angeles. 37 31 .544
Tacoma ....37 29 .OOliSan Fran.. ..30 36 .455
Seattle 35 20 .647; Portland 18 44 .290
Buck Francks Sets the Fans
Howling by Making Two
Brilliant One-Hand Stops
BUCHANAN UNSOLYABLE
Portland Scores One Run in
the Third and Oakland Is
There With Two of Them
Sailing vessels, under all circum
stances, have the light of way over
vessels propelled by steam power, and
although, under the conditions of wind
and weather prevailing at the time of
the collision, the Spokane was prob
ably more under control than the Bear,
the responsibility for the accident will
rest upon the cutter ar.d many yards
of t5T>ewritten explanations will soon
be heading for Washington.
The revenue cutter's port watch was
below when the err.ash came and nar
rowly escaped death. The forecastle
doors. Jammed by the twisting of the-
Bear's hull, had to be burst open to
release the sailors. Boatswain Thur
ber, who had his ankle sprained, was*
the only man Injured.
The Bear was headed back_for the
Golden Gate and arrived yesterday af
ternoon, poing directly to her anchor
age off Sausallto. where she will re
main until the contract for repairing
her has been let. Her northern cruise
has been indefinitely postponed.
The Spokane Is owned by Pope &
Talbot of this city. She Is a four
masted schooner of 570 tons register.
That she did not cut completely'
through the Bear is a rare tribute to
the revenue cutter'B strength of tim
ber.
Th* Unttcd States revenue cutter
Bear. Captain Myrlclc, ana the schoon
er Epckare. Captain Jamison, were In
coUlaloa at 1:SS a. m.. June 4. about
thirty miles west-northwest of Point
Hexes. The Government vessel was
tflitin acted and otherwise seriously
damaged, while the men on the port
"watch narrowly escaped being crushed
to death In their bunks. The schooner
had bowsprit, Jibboom, stem and cat
head carried away and fore rigging
damaged. Both vessels came Into port
yesterday.
The Bear left here June 2 for Seattle,
from which port she was to have
started on her regular cruise to Alaska.
Northerly winds made her progress
•low, but she was getting along falTly
well when the Spokane appeared on the
scene. TVhlle the Bear was struggling
against head winds and a high sea, the
Epokane, six days out from Port,
Gamble and heavily laden with lum
ber, was booming along with a whole
some northwester roaring behind her.
Third Lieutenant Harwood was on
the Bear's bridge when the collision
occurred. Th« night was dark and
.hazy, he says, and the first Intimation
he had of trouble was when the Spo
kane suddenly burst through the cur
tain of mist.
The schooner struck the Bear on the
aide, at the foremast, carrying
«way that spar, with rigging, yards
and all the other attachments; ripping
out thirty feet of bulwarks, smashing
rails and stanchions and cutting the
Government beat to the water's edge.
The rail of the Bear's upper deck and
the ms.ln topmast were also carried
away.
COMMUTERS WIN
IN USUAL WAY
REVENUE CUTTER AND LUMBER VESSEL
CRASH TOGETHER OFF POINT REYES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE, 5, 1904.
37
VIGOR of YOUTH
rBEE TO
FOR s'*~~~ m *>^ 2SElf
mtsf 2«r f — >*r*c\ To P"»ve the
*HJf IT Cfe*Y P" «I 1 «-nratlv.
tAvL£S\ lA'.krl ¦*> • 3 powers of our
.-lllT^.i JW^ Ztf+ril * B<mt remark-
/Xv^\\ cTCEr«*J ' Jf * tle home!
l»»wj |\cj • tre * taswit » T °u <
5 tri-l and sp-
X SOLOery ili&Zr proval. It will
P J(Bk!*^\ qu I c k 1 y re-
H JSA & \~ \ i rtore lost
s- ,2s fcvs IT F atS \ lt ren*tl> and
cDo| - ; If t&$Z^hr/Z&ci youth.
»O^? '• f^^^^^Lr P herlc P r e s-
*^2r*f 4* iESSB£tt%t-aC *ure It ex-
<<« Itcac/^*^^^^ pands tb*
Q>Q €Sg^ClsJjTgW^ <i 5W*' organs and Is
the only
• "own scientific means which wtll positively
"•Ma«e iSd fully develop them. Used with our
¦!£»7Al£orbJng Stimulating Tmle. Germicidal.
M> '^'yy^^^^^^^^J»T^yS^^^^_g^J^ll^^21^M!^SSSS^is»J£^BsC5sy
ileailcc. Medicated Urethra! Crayons always
qtUcJdT cures where all else fails. Gleet all
UrSai Losses. Varlcocele Stricture. Prema-
tnrcsess Enlargement of Prostate Gland, etc
turene«s. "J* Jt « home eot^ XEVER FAILS.
Vt Llewellyn on* of our staff of physicians.
tvis tooowed a marvelous remedy which will
give action and produce results In 8 minutes.
Ajmlled locally only. Works like magic. Don't
jail to esJl on us for demonstration «r writ*
ror new Illustrated book. No «. sent •*cu«ly
— «Je4, fre*. H«mr», » to »; Buadsjr«. It tot
EEALTfl APPLIANCE CO, i OTarreUSt I
FOR NOME
low Fanensrer and Preicat RatM.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Co.'s Steamship
VALENCIA
Trom Saa Francisco, Jnae 8,11a.m. .
Prom Seattle, Ton* 14, 9 p. a.
For rates and full Information apply
TICKET OFFICES,
4 New Montgomery st. and 10 Market st.
FREIGHT OFFICE. 10 MARKET ST.
J. H. COOPER. General Freight Agent.
C. D. DUNANN. Gen. Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. /?• «£ N. CO.
COLUMBIA sails Jun» «, IS and 28. July «.
18 28. GIX). W. ELDER, sails June 1 11 and!
21. July 1. 11. 21. Only steamship llae t.»
PORTLAND. OR., and short rail Use from
.Portland to all points East. Through tickets to
all points. Steamer tickets Include berth an-t
meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at IV
a, m. S. F. BOOTH. Oen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. I
Montgomery st.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agent
Freight Dept.. 8 Montgomery st.
0CMWCS.S.C©.=3£
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thurs.. June 13, 2 9. m.
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. June 23. 11 am.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti, July 2. 11 a. m.
LD.SFBECKELS i BEOS. Ca^ti.TlCl!! 03EC3 513 til-
tsL. rretziit (Mic83oiiQrc[3L. Piirr.Pini; ;:.
tO»AQ}OX QXSX&JLLa TEAMSATI.A.tTIQtri
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, jt^bv*.
Sailing every Thursday Instead ofwRferffc
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 43,*«flMC^
North River, toot of Morton st. -
' First class to Harre, (70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND)
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson buUdtng).
New Tork. J. F. FUGAZI * CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
To 17. 8. Kavy Yard and Tallejo.
STMRS. GEN. FRISBIE. MONTICELLO and
ARROW— 9:45 A. M.. 12:30 noon. 3:16 P. M.
6:CO P. M.. 8:30 P. M. (ex. Sunday). Sunday* ]
8 45 A. M.. 8:30 P. M. Leave Vallejo r:Ot»
aL M.. 9:00 A. M.. W:30 NOON. 8:15 P. u.,
• ¦00 P. M. (ex. Sunday). Sundays 7:00 A. ji..
4:15 P. M. Far* one way. 60c Landing » n 4
| office Pier 2. foot Mlssioa it Phoo* lUta
1 180& HATCH BROS
yfc\C cSiv Steamers leave Broadway
/B^^tV wharves, piers » and 11.
f^%Z_ \tf\ s * n Francisco.
/*/ TO^,^» Y*\ For Ketchikan. Wrange!.
I I liKVfl I I un *au. Haines. Skaguay.
\ \ \f«»«a/ / etc - Alaska— 1J a. m. Jun*
\*\ \\ YCtJ *• 9 » 14 ' 19 - 2 *. J»l* »•
Wsjj Change to Company's ateanv-
N^/tityUvV/ era at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.
Eelllnrham— 11 a. m.. June 4. 9. 14. 19. 24.
July 5. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to
C. P. Ry.
For Kureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
P m.. June 3. ». 13, 21. 27. July 3. Corona.
1:30 p m.. June «. 12. IS. 24. 30. July ft.
For Los Angeles (via Port Ixm Angeles ani
I Redondo). San Dteso and Santa Barbara—*
> Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
.State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Argeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mont-
erey. San Simeon. Cayueos, Port Harford (Saa
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta. » a. m., June 8. 10. 24. July X
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Jun* 4. 12. 20. 23. July 0.
For Knsenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose det
Cabo. Matatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
I ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 19O4— Th« \
; palatial excursion steamship Spokane wtll
leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria. June 7.
•21. July 5. 19. Aug. 2. 13.
Fcr further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TXCXET O7TXCXS — « New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st.and Broad-
way wharves, freight Office, 10 Market st.
C. D. DTJNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
sEEKnHaiannBanDBnnaiac35E3aiiEr2RansnEaaBncs»i3aE3S2!^EaaHHHHiaBBii»iHHDnHBHHn>
g Give me a man broken down from excesses, dissipation, boyish folly, hard work or worry, from any
g cause which has sapped his vitality. Let him follow my advice for three months, and I will make him as
H vigorous in every respect as any man of his age.
B I will not promise to make a Hercules of a man who was never intended by nature to T>e strong
g and sturdy. Even that man I can make better than he is; but the man who has been strong and has lost
S 'his strength I can make as cood as he ever was.
21 I can give back to any man what he has lost by abuse of the laws of nature, I can stop all drains
g] upon the vital power in ten days.
¦ A man who is nervous, whose brain and body are weak, who sleeps badly, awakes more tired than
H when he went to bed, who is easily discouraged, inclined to brood over imaginary troubles, who has lost
j| ambition and energy to tackle hard problems, lacks the animal electricity which the Dr. McLaughlin Elec-
¦« trie Belt supplies.
E The whole force of vitality in your body is dependent upon your animal electricity. When you lose
g that by draining the system in any manner my Belt will replace it and cure you.
53 Mr. Harry U. Jackson. Valleton. Cal.. writes: "Although you are a stranger to me. my heart warms toward you as a great bene-
« factor and friend, and I am more than grateful to you. Already I can feel the vigor of new life In my body: no ach»s and no Dalna I
S wish you every success in your work." v~""- »
U Letters like that tell a story* whiqh rrleans a great deal to a sufferer. They are a beacon light to the
B man who has become discouraged from useless doctoring. I get such. letters every day.
i*3 - My Belt has a wonderful influence upon tired, weak nerves. It braces and invigorates them and stirs
H up a great force of energy in a man.
H I make the best electrical body appliance in the world, having devoted twenty years to perfect-
g ing it. I know my trade. My cures after everything else has failed are my best arguments.
B8 Mr. Roy Burks. McKlttrick. Cal.. writes: "From the first night I wore the belt I felt new life In every part of my body The
D" 1 dra n stopped Immediately and I am now able to do heavy work without tiring. I am glad I thought of the belt, for tano wher waV
could the money bring me .so much pleasure." " ™ olner wa *
g Give me a man with pains in his back, a dull ache in his muscles or joints, come-and-go pains in
H his shoulders, chest and side, Sciatica in his hip, Lumbago, Rheumatism or any ache or pain, and my Belt
H will pour the oil of life into his aching body and drive out every sign of pain. No pain can exist where mv
Q Belt is worn. J
Mr. J. L. Balrd of Orland. Cal.. writes: "My back is entirely well, and I would not take 1100 for m-r belt If T <ot,t* „„. _•?
E3 another. It is the best thing on earth for a lame back." * mr Mlt " X «»«««, not get
H They come every day from everywhere. There is not a town or hamlet in the country which has
¦* not cures by Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt. •
H Now what coes this mean to you, dear reader? If you are not what you ought to be, can you ask
H any better proof to make you try it? Is there a remedy which is as simple, as easy to use, as sure to cure and
H as cheap as Dr. McLaughlin s Electric Belt? I have not seen one. You must try it. In justice to vourself
D and to those who look to you for their future happiness, try it now. Act this minute. Such a matter onzht
tl not to be delayed. . *"*•
H It is as good for women as for men. Worn while you sleep, it causes no trouble You feel the
g gentle, glowing heat from it constantly, but no sting, no burning, as in old-style belts ?
| Send for my beautiful book full of things a man likes to read if he wants to' be a stronz man I
y 'will send it, sealed, free. Cut out this ad. s " ia "« *
| Dr. 7V\. C. McLaughlin, °S£ JS'£S~ t J Bt -
| ¦ Seattle Office, 105 Columbia St.; Los Angeles, 129 South Spring St. ' P *° * C °*
HSBBaBsaHgsaBanagaaaaagHgHiiEgBagHngaaaaMBEgiinaBaaHfflaagnHaHHBgHHigwwg
ADVEBTISEMEUT^ -_-,_-,_-_- -_-.-,_¦,_¦_-.-.-
"Tftiotf Gas Engines
in use in ~ cs"h. p.~3-CTLZHT»'Eii "tthioh" hahine ehoiite.
this port than those. of all other makes, combined. They are fitted to
run on gasoline, benzine, naphtha. or distillate Special- fittings for
kerosene and crude -oil. 'Send for. our catalogues, stating requirements.
UraonOas^pe^jnpanysA«nM 7 s^&The regular monthly meeting of
Corral No. 3, the military order of the
Carabao, will take place at the Occi
dental Hotel on Tuesday evening, June
7, at 8 o'clock. It is expected that a
number of officers will be Initiated.
An efficient Bombinero will conduct
the herd to the river. General Charles
A. Coolldge will act as Paramount
Carabao.
Military Order Will Meet.
The Church of. the Nativity, the
pride of the Slav Roman Catholics of
San Francisco will be dedicated at 10
o'clock this morning. The event
will be memorable In the history
of the Slavic people on the Pacific
Coast, as this is the only church this
side of the Rockies where they can
worship In their own tongue.
The Right Rev. John N. Starlha,
Bishop of Lead, 6. D., will officiate.
Bishop Stariha is a native of Carniolia,
Austria., Archbishop Montgomery will
preach in English. Bishop Stariha
and Rev. H. Bontempo, S. J., will
preach in Slavonian.
Slav Catholics to Dedicate.
Maine Association's Picnic
The twenty-sixth anniversary of the
State of Maine Association of Califor
nia was celebrated by & plcnlo at Shell
Mound Park yesterday. A larg« throng
of -merry-makers assembled at the
grounds and the day was spent in
exercises," games, races and dancin»;_J
A dinner, consisting of baked bean^l
brown bread and coffee, was served
by the sons and daughters of the Pine
Tree State. The literary exercises be
gan at 1:30 p.m. An hour later games
and races were in order and the draw
ins 'or fifty-six handsome prizes was
held at 4:30.
William B. Kennedy, alias Richard
Jackson, alias "Yellow," expected to re
gain his liberty at 4 o'clock yesterday
afternoon, but at that hour, when he
was released from the County Jail. De
tectives Taylor and Coleman stepped
up to him and placed him under arrest
on a warrant sworn to by Taylor before
Police Judge Fritz yesterday. Thi3
charged him with the murder of Police
man Eugene C. Robinson at Sixteenth
and Valencia streets on the morning of
January 21, 1902. He was taken to the
City Prison and booked on the charge.
Kennedy had been previously con
victed on the same charge, but the Su
preme Court granted him a new trial
on the ground that he could not be con
victed on the uncorroborated testimony
of an accomplice. He was discharged
by Judge Cook, and since then he has.
been arrested on different charges and
released on writs of habeas corpus. On
Thursday afternoon Judge Cook re
manded him into the custody of the
Sheriff for forty-eight hours. If at the
end of that time the Sheriff of San
United States Local Inspectors Bolles
and Bulger handed down the following
decision yesterday in tne matter of the
steamer Santa Cruz, which struck the
reef near Point San Luis, California,
in a thick fog on May 3:
From testimony taken in our investi
gation of this case, we find that the
Santa Cruz, C. Alberts, master, was on
her voyage from San Pedro, Cal., to
San Francisco, Cal., via Port Harford.
Point Arguello was passed about 1%
miles distant by four point bearings.
At about 11 p. m.. May 7, it shut In
thick fog, with light northwest wind,
and small to moderate swell and con
tinued so until the vessel struck. The
whistle on Point San Luis was heard
at 1:55 a. m., May 8, bearing about 2V_
to 3 points off the port bow. The Bteam
er was running at full speed and no
soundings were taken. Captain Al
berts heard the surf and Immediately
ordered the engines backed full speed,
but before the headway of the vessel
was stopped she struck the reef. She
then backed clear and proceeded to the
dock at Port Harford, where tempor
ary repairs were made by a diver and
the steamer continued on her voyage
to San Francisco.
After a careful consideration of the
evidence in this case we find that Cap
tain C. Alberts was unskilled in run
ning the Santa Crua at full speed in
a thick fog, especially when so near
the land; and that he was also negli
gent in not taking soundings on May
8, 1904. For r«a_scn of such negligence
and unsklllfulness, we "nave this day
suspended his license as master and
pilot for sixty'days. Damage to steam
er about $1000.
License Suspended.
Is Discharged From County
Jail by Order of Court
and Promptly Rearrested
Mateo County did not call for him oft
the charge of attempted burglary at
Cypress Lawn Cemetery he was to be
discharged. The Sheriff did not call for
him.
The arrest for murder has been made
on the instructions of the District At
torney, who says he believes he now
has sufficient testimony to convict Ken.
nedy. If he had been in court on Thurs
day he would have so informed Judge
Cook.
It was for rearrestinjf Kennedy on
Thursday that Detectives Dinan and
Wren were adjudged guilty of con
tempt of court the next day by Judge
Cook and fined $1 each. Attorney New
berg says he will apply for a writ of
habeas corpus before the Supreme
Court for Kennedy's release.
KENNEDY STILL
IN THE TOILS
The Supervisors were also asked to
amend ordinance 2944 so that one. per
mit shall be required for each place
of general sale or storage of milk. Such
permits shall not be granted for more
than three months and may be renewed
upon proper application to the Health
Department, provided, however, that
no such permit shall be renewed if
there have been violations of any of
the rules relating to dairies.
The Civil Service Commission was
asked for an experienced clerk for the
Health office at $50 per month.
ance establishing bacteriological tests
of milk.
The following named were Installed
last Friday night as the officers of
California • Commandery No. 1,
Knights Templar: Chas.
2>I. Plum; generalissimo. Otto F. West
phal; captain general, R. P. Hurlbut;
senior warden, Ralph L. Hathorn;
Junior warden, J. G. Leibold; prelate,
P. F. Ferguson; recorder, Thomas L.
Henderson; treasurer, Thomas Mor
ton; warder, S. A'. Clark; standard
bearer, George H. Plppy; sword bear
er, William E. Cumback; guards, Wil
liam Conrad, William M. Abbott, Har
>y Maundrell; sentinel, George W.
Perkins; organist, A. A. Batkin.
Grand Commander W. Frank Pierce
was the installing officer. Thomas Hr
Browne, the retiring commander, was
presented a handsome Jewel of his
rank. T. L. Henderson, the recorder,
and George W. Perkins, the sentinel,
were each presented a life member
ship certificate. A banquet followed
the Installation.
Knights Install Officers.
W. H. Chickering, the attorney, who,
in a suit to quiet title filed against him
by Cecile Dolon, a masseuse at the Lur
llne baths, was accused of taking ad
vantage of her in a real estate deal,
answered the woman's suit yesterday
with a general and specific denial of
her charges. He says In defense of his
action that while he agreed to allow
the woman to occupy jthe premises at
127 Olive avenue, it was never under
stood that she was to have a life In
terest in that piece of realty or any of
the realty transferred to him by her,
and that her claim that such is the
case is not founded upon any Incident
or fact connected with the transfer of
the property.
Chickering claims the woman has
known all along that she occupied the
premises solely through his consider
ation for her and that It was only dur
ing the last two months, after She had
been notified that the premises she oc
cupied were to be sold, that she ever
made a claim to a life interest in the
property. Chickering says the prop
erty cost him *S500. though the deed
shows that the consideration was but
$1500. He explains this by stating that
when the transfer of the property was
first talked of the woman was In
debted to him for 51500. He agreed to
release her, pay her $1000 in cash and
assume a mortgage of J5000 on the
property, provided she would deed it
over to him.
This was done and since then, Chick
ering says, he has paid all the taxes on
the property, kept it in repair and has
allowed the woman to occupy and col
lect small rents from the premises.
Recently he found a purchaser for
the realty and when he notified the
woman that she must move, he says
he was very much surprised to learn
that she still claimed an Interest.
Health Officer Ragan reported that
out of thirty-seven dairies inspected in
Marln County one Was found very
good, -one good a*nd thirty-five bad. Of
thirteen. Inspected In San Mateo Coun
ty not one was in.good.«onditlon, three
being very bad. 'Three 'in this city are
bad.
In view of the urgency of regulating
the sanitation of the dairies and the
care and handling of milk by the
Health Board the Supervisors were re
quested to consider a proposed ordln-
CONDITIONS IN MARIN.
It was resolved by the board that all
the dairies of this city be characterized
as unsanitary and as such the milk is
to be regarded as a constant source
of danger to the public health.
'Five days after service of notice the
owners of dairies must begin work on
improving conditions in the dairies and
thirty days will be allowed them to
complete the same.
Bacteriologist Canney filed a report
that makes the startling^tatement that
examinations of some of the worst
dairies in this city show more germs
present than in average sewage. Can
ney requested an assistant, but there
are no funds available for the purpose
at present.
The sum of 5400 was ordered to be
expended In the Bacteriological De
partment for making tests of milk.
The Health Board yesterday sus
pended two dairy Inspectors, E. C.
Smith a'nd E. B. O'Connor, for having
reported dairies In good condition that
were subsequently found to be unsani
tary. The board decided to file charges
with the Civil Service Commission.
The resolutions adopted by the board
say:
"The Inspection of the dairies by the
Health Board has shown the condition
of dairies not to have been a question
of weeks or months, but years of neg
lect and collection of filth."
The Civil 1 ", Service Commission was
requested to certify two dairy Inspec
tors from the eligible list to serve tem
porarily in the Interim until the trial
of the suspended dairy Inspectors has
taken place. Dr. Ward, president of
the board, remarked that the neglect
of the dairy Inspectors was nothing less
than criminal and merited severe
measures.
The Health Board adopted the re
port of the committee on dairy con
ditions as filed by Drs. Harney. Po
helm and Hughes and their recom ;
inundations of rules governing dairies
and dairy depots were approved. The
rules apply to the proper construction,
ventilation and sanitation of the milk
ing sheds or barns, and milk houses,
the cleaning: of stables, precautions in
the handling and delivery of milk, the
proper care of dairy appurtenances and
to milkers and their employes.
ALL DAIRIES UNSANITARY.
Says Transaction Involving
Bealty Was Entirely De
* void of Any Dishonesty
Bacteriologist Declares That
Milk Contains More Germs
Than the Average Sewage
ANSWERS WOMAN'S SUIT
RULES MUST BE OBEYED
W. H. Chickering Says He
Has Not .Defrauded Mrs.
Cecile Dolon, Masseuse
Health Board to File Seri
ous Charges Agalhst Der
elict Dairy Inspectors
LAWTER PLEADS
HIS INNOCENCE
TWO OFFICIALS
ARE SUSPENDED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 0,1004.
38
A p'p-HTRTTg'P.-M-P M T^
• " '^^S GREW THlS HAlR
l^^E^^P And wo can PROVE IT. ¦ Y
"° \\ift$fy$ fill*! u T ° a w "* y ° ur batr * r ° w tsick &nd L053
¦8 DANDER1NE
«o KnM^Sk *lfflUwSl «~ '• ta ° r9m cdy you will be obllarad to use.
55 WjWW^I \*WM oder to wager $l,0oo tbat it Is toacclj
>. HI WM HAIR TONIC
"S U&W'tM Et§*jl °° th0 «»*rkat tOMlaj that wUl postUTBly ttop and cnr*«
w ffinSCuKV S^lH>S!i Falling U&lr ana mats
"** Wwmti Tltfmtk mon^h" 88 trowth 7}i to> P** month for lirect y cocserattr*
/ Ir^Jsiy- vOS^ral « By permission we herewith reprodnre photoirraph of M!s«
I WWal Ba »; ah MacComb, a lady who has I1tc4 la Chicago aU Rf r Ilia
I t&VwfiM i ffflBm ?? d l% wen >^own In the city, especially on tbo Souta S! Jo.
Si m& j$mil ¦'• WrawirS 1Icr halr before she commenced tho uso of Danderlao woi:14
/ieS?t<a£*j5l *K?Ok'fo not reach below her wal«t, whHo now It touches taa doer
ItisS&mtmlt llmtiSftfl '"hen trio stand* erect. Tbls rem3ri*blo tcrowth U tho result
xMm^xU'^ «MMB0^L OI 1 Danderlne< tri ° Kraadejt ot all hair aad icalp tonics,
tSUM J *" * It'oave Her Hair New L1f«
. ! . »nd will do the same for yoa If yoa rite It a fair trial. Daa-
Misa barah MiefiOMn dcrJne puts daw life and Tlgor In botb the nalr and scalp. It
soaaFor^Mtvtiuav. cw^l ' ... ">**«&• halt fluffy, illkyrand taer. aeeot to bo no limit to
6030 ForrettvilUAvcChlcago, ill. the crowth It will produce. There U no other that can b«
; r,V. ¦¦",'. , ' compared, to It, as It is founded on new Ideas altogether.
SHE IS WILLING TO SWEAR TO IT.
KNow I .To??>A^^ B ol cS? t cS,sssr fc w * " p "* m * th * f8 » ow!o8 uturi
w»KS»
?rft»lhV?# rSS^-iVSi?. 11 To ? **J 1 ** lr ? »•*«»««« Daodarwe lor twenty consocnu»» months anrt too a»«»ra««
toorTtha. -Kii «VJ r. iTiSJl? •? <1 0«»»-/Ottrttt Inches p«r montb. making a tout ot tw»niy-fl»e. incftea la iw«nt»
•¦.' NOW *t all druggists lo three tUea, 25 cents. 60 cents and $1 .00 per bottle.
8719CC ToshnwhowqnlcWyD»ni!«Tln«Bctiiw«wi:iii»ndal«c» inmrln frse by r«ttnrn mil
oSS^5iS£ D BT REDiNQTON & CO., Wholesale Agejc^
And all other facial blemlshaa arc removed by
Mrs. Dr. A. W. TRAVERSE, pee LOia GRAY.
Donohoe building. 1170 Market St.. cor. Taylor,
roams '2S-29, with the electric needle; perm-
anency guaranteed: hours 1 taip. m.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AXD AFFAIRS.
OF THE
Northwestern Mutual
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MILWAUKEE. IN THE STATE OF
Wisconsin, or. the 31st day of December.
A. D.. 19C3. and for the year ending on that
day; tnade to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the re-
quirements of Section 613 cf the Political
Code of said Etate.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up
in Caah
ASSETS. " ~~~~
Net value cf Real Estate Owned
by tht Company $3,611,897 42
Amount cf Loar.s secured by
Bond and Mortgage en Ueal
Estate 85.718,617 07
Premium note* and loans tn any
form taken in payment of
premiums «.n policies now in
force 312.31154
Cash market value of all Stock*
and Bonds owned by tbe
Coc-.par.y 67,468,352 43
Amount of Ca«h on hand in
Company's Office 208.436 75
Amount cf Cash deposited In
Banks 2,258.383 09
Interest due the Company and
unpaid 91.2OT S3
Interest accrued but not due 2,4&>,4C9 40
Net amount of premiums in pro-
cess of collection, and of de-
ferred premiums 2,252,755 52
looses read* to policy holders as-
signed as collateral 13.731.253 00
Recta due ar.d accrued 31 .036 59
Total Assets $17S.200,e23 20
U ABILITIES. ~™
Claim* for death losses and ma-
tured endowments, due and
unpaid J107.0S3 12
Claims for death los^s and ma-
tured endowment* In process
of adjustment, or adjusted
but not due 608,142 5S
Claims resisted by the Company - 40,900 00
N«t present value of all the out-
ctan£in< policies, computed
according to the Combined
Experience Tables cf Mortal-
ity, with four per cent in-
ter** 145.035.854 00
Amount of all unpaid dividends
to policy holders 2,502.823 09
Toctlce Surplus payable to policy
holders 23,679,360 78
All other Liabilities 711.697 73
Total Liabilities $172,5S5,S61 30
INCOME. ~"
Caah received for premiums oo
new policies during: the
year $3,626,934 C9
Caah received (or renewal ot
premiums durins; the year.. 22.528.714 91
Cash received for interest 7,010.017 44
Cash received for rents 434.731 48
Cash received from all otber
sources 234.875 14
Total Income $3-1.835.273 66
EXPENDITURES. ~ " '
Cash paid for losses and tna-
turtd endowments $3.1^3.547 29
Ca«h paid to annuitants 45,885 30
Cash paid for surrendered
policies 2.4C0.634 C5
Cash paid for dividends to policy
holders 4.456.172 04
ComznlSLlocs it.i to acents ... 2.927,742 CO
Salaries and other compensation
of officers and employes, ex-
cept agents and medical ex-
aminers 4S1.882 42
Eaiarles and traveling expenses
of menacers of ag-encles 11,101 fil
Xe£lcal examiners' fees and sal-
aries I7O.R22 51
Caah paid for taxes 670.507 19
Cash paid for rents 41.585 00
Cash r»'<l for commuting; com-
missions 430 74
All ether cs.*h payments <nprci-
fyinri Repairs on Real
Eftat*. Lc-gai Expenses. Ad-
vertlfrtng. Printing. etc.,
$778,449 "3; Premium notes
voided by lapse. $9,979 81;
all ether payments, $1,247.-
715 26 1,636,143 90
Total Expenditures during
the r**r «21.036.545 15
PREMIUM-NOTE ACCOUNT.
Premium notes and other prem-
ium obligations at beginning
of the year $292.223 25
Premium notes and other prem-
ium obligation* received dur-
ing tbe year 144.691 80
Total $430,915 05
Deductions daring the year, as follows:
Amount of notes and other prem-
ium obligations used in pay- ' -
ir.4 i.i of tosses, and claims.. . 415,246 71
Amount of notes and otber prem-
ium obligations uvd In pur-
chase of surrendered policies 8,855 85
Amount of notes and other prem-
ium obligations uced in pay-
ment of dividends to policy
holders S5.20S 51
Airiour.t </f notf* end other pr»- •
mlura obligations voided by
lapse of pnllciMi 9,979 SI
Amount of note* and other pr»m-
Ivtn oblieatlons rtdet-mtd by
maker in cash 55.313 10
Total reduction of Pr«n-
, lum.Note Account $124,603 51
Balance, note assets at end of
the year $312,311 54
WILLARD MERRILL. President
J. \V. EKINNER. Secretary.
Eubsenbed- and sworn to before me, this
pfth day of January. 1904.
P. R. £ AN BORN. Notary Public.
clarenceT. smith,
Ceneral Agent for California,
114 Phelan Building,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
OTTABAITTEED CtTHE FOB MEW.
JULBKLESS XZrJXCTXOH. Cures ordinary
canes tn a few days. Warranted to euro
worst cases. STO OTEtB TREATMENT
EEQUIBED. Prevents and Cures Struc-
tures. PEEVEKTS COZTTAOZOV. Harm-
less. S2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
F. S. KELLY'S FEABUACT, 102 Eddy.
I TOOTH I
I HINTS I
j 3 I cannot afford tp give you some- •
j* thing for nothing. I will examine •
• your teeth free, and tell you the •
I • cost of having your mouth put in 9
• 0 first-class condition. My prices 0
; O *re .reasonable, my work the best Q
! O M >' method for doing work with- a
1 q out pain is no fake. A call will e
S q convnlce you. S
g OR. A. L SIMPSON, Dentist, ©
0 1206 MASZET BTKEET. 5
•000O00009000000000000
PREEMPTORY ASSIGNEES' SALE
______ /
S*_l«5 bids received MONDAY. June 0. 1904.
¦t 2 d. m.. lor the choice stock of FANCY
GOODS. SHIRT WAISTS. FIXTURES. ETC..
to be void at a, whole and contained in Ber-
nardo Wcyrs, 72 GEARY ST., which ha«
b**n assigned to tbe undersigned (or the bene-
fit of credltora. Inventory now ready and
open for inspection at the above premises. All
bids must be accompanied with check (or 10
per cent of rum bid and flled at the law efflre
of Me«sr*. VoKelsanc & Brown, room 2$, eer-
enth floor. Mills building. The right Is here-
by reserved to reject any and all bids. Terms
strictly cash. United States eold "coin. D.
HAMBURGER. R. J. COHEN. aas!*n»e«.
STATEMENT
OF THE
COXDITIOX AXD AFFAIRS
or the
COMMERCIAL UNION
ASSURANCE COMPANY
(Limited)
OF LONDON*. ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1903. and for th«
year endlnr on that day. aa made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, Dursuant to the provisions of sections
eiO and fill of tbe Political Code, condensed
as per blank fumlihed by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL^
Amount of Caoital Stock paid up
in Cash
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $S89.148 TO
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... 112,000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company 2,218.603 75
Cash In Company's Of flee 10.496 74
Cash In Danka 442.027 72
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1,954 16
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 1,627 W»
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection 588.D02 68
Bills Receivable, not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marine Risks 6.262 45
Rents due and accrued 8,654 23
Due from other Companies (or Re-
insurance oh losses already paid 6,353 70
Total Assets S4.2IU.751 91
LIABILITIES. ~ ' ~~
Losiea adjusted and unpaid $106,228 38
LoFses in sroccas of Adjustment
or in SuFpense 210,202 44
Losses resisted, including expenses 36,435 00
GroM premiums on Fire RlBtcs
running one year or lets, $2,270,-
367 M; reinsurance 60 per cent.. 1,133,133 97
Gross premiums on Firs Risks
running more than one year, $2-
lSl.irO S4; reinsurance pro rata. 1.124,465 56
Cross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Rlska, $(».•
049 CO; reinsurance 100 per cent. 63,949 60
Groos nremlurr.a on Marirre Time
Risks. $37,610 til; reinsurance &0
per cf nt 18.905 30
Amount reclaimable by the In-
sured on P*TOfctual Fire Poll-
ciw 105.538 14
Due for Commission and Broker-
are 63.017 14
Return Premiums anl Reinsurance • .
Premiums 46.C25 85
Total Liabilities $2,910,551 33
INCOME. --===
Net cash actually received for
Fire Premiums $2,864,701 53
Net caah actually received (or
Marine premium* 1 83, 036 78
Received for interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 7.697 73
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources 63, 454 78
Received for Kent* 56,979 69
Total Income $3,180,870 51
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount oald for Fire Losses
including ?:m.M.M 87 losses of
previous yeara) $1,499,673 60
Net amount paid for Marine Losses 136,979 47
Palo or . allowed for Commission
cr Brokerage 592,498 70
Paid lot PatariM. Fees and other
charges for ofrtcers, clerks, etc. I44.3S7 47
Paid for State. National and Lo. •
cal taxes 88.115 C6
All otber payments and expendi-
tures . .' 196.S5S 16
Total Expenditure* ..$2,658,513 OS
~ Fir..
Lome* incurred during the year.. $1,662,921 S3
Risks and Premiums. |Flre Risks.) Premiums.
Net amount of Risks I
written durtnr thel *
year $336,037,561 $4,081,730 15
Net amount of Risks
expired during th«
year 343.806,684 3,975.963 40
Net amount in force • j
December 81. 1903.. 397.124,665] 4.451.658 78
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks.'] Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the i
year $98,454/640 $255,800 60
Net amount of Rtaks •-'.--'
expired during the
year 99.071,651 250.415 21
Net amount tn force • i
*>cemb^r :i. 190a..| V5BJ.3*!! tvW.lSl ?8
A. H. WRAV, Manag.r
Subscribed *a«» »*rom )». h*fw« tt>*. thu
2Cth day of January, I'.iO-..
H. R. HAY. Nota»y Public
C. F. MULLINS. Pacific Coast Manager,
416-418 California St.;
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
¦ ' ¦ : ¦•_. NEWMAN & LEViySON.
Mall Orders, T\ f^-* : [ We Aim To
Small or Large, s*\ \\ AC ry^w nt r\e\ /^*x HA\vf fV\K/iW% " Makc
Receive Wj %!^JwJUy\\) cuxw B j2Mm&y\\> Bu y in^ b y Lctter
Particular \^ .- • _. &i Entirely
Attention • Kearny ana sutter Sis. satisfactory
Storm Opens 8.30 A. M., Closes S.3O P. M. ,
For Monday and Tuesday We Announce
A Sale of White Waists for Ladies
(Third Floor Kearny St.)
— j
The very newest styles in Summer Waists are in this offering. Preparations have been uader
way for some time to make this week the greatest in our history. Visitors will find assortments
and values beyond comparison. Many other specials will be offered in addition to these advertised:
Waists of White Lawn, trimmed with Waists of White Lawn, with entire Waists of Sheer White Lawn, front
val. lace insertion and em- *' ( ,~- yoke tucked in squares and a 1 7 £ trimmed with fine va!. lace --.
broidery medallions; special •pl«-t5 edged with embroidery; at «pl.<O and tucks; special value at «P-£.3U
Waists of White Lawn, trimmed with Waists of White Lawn, with yoke of Waists of White Organdie, yoke and
duny lace insertion and * ( **% lace and fine Inserting; front *^ c deep cape trimmed with lace a-» 7C
dusterof tucks; fine value *pl«3U and sleeves neatly trimmed «P-5.-i j and inserting; special at $->• 1 3
Ladies', Gents', Girls' and Boysi :
Bathing Suits At Special Prices
(Third Floor Kearny St.)
Ladles' Bathing Suits of Serge, in Ladies' Alpaca Bathing -Suits, black Boys' two-piece cotton Bathing Suits,
black or navy blue, trimmed >, 1 - rt and navy, white sailor col- c in black, navy blue or red, <t ftA
with white braid, per suit «>1.OU lar, suit trimmed with braid »»j«<3 with neat stripes, per suit 9I.UU
Ladles' Bathing Suits of Alpaca, in Misses' Bathing Suits of Jersey Cloth; Gents'two-piece cotton Bathing Suits,
black, navy blue or red, *~ - A collar, belt and skirttrimmed*. CA in black or navy blue; good * 1 nA
with white sailor collar, at «P-S.OVJ with braid; sizes 6 to i6yrs. »pl.3w fitting and durable; per suit »?1.UU
Sale of Cushion Covers Wash Goods Remnants
(Second Floor Kearny St.) * f 1 CT*
Hundreds of Cushion Covers are in this offering— all __j-t '/A. V-/11.
beautifully tinted, ready for etching; subjects are : Smok- / *
er. Red Poppv, Iris, Cornflower, Wild Rose, Basket of , , , (Second Floor sutter st)
Cherries, Autumn Leaf, Acorn, etc.— Cushion Tops with Impossible to do a big business without accumulating
backs, that sell regularly at 25c, 35c and 50c each, Ofln [ emnants - To-morrow we offer a large lot, ranging in
on sale at -''-'-' ZUC lengths from 3 to 8 yards, comprising this summers new-
materials, and to effect a quick clearance, we
We of fer for to-morrow several ne<w tdeas tn Stamped w ill deduct one>quarter off tht already reduced
Linen Squares; sizes 7 to 36 inches, at very lotu prices, remnant prices.
An Exceptional Reduction Sale of
Handsomely Embroidered Chiffons
(First Floor Kearny St.)
•These beautiful Chiffon Draperies are specially desirable for Evening Gowns and Graduating
Dresses. They are richly embroidered in floral, scroll, dot and conventional designs; colors are
white, cream, black, pink, blue, green and lavender; also some are in exquisite Persian designs —
all 45 inches wide and offered to-morrow at these reduced prices :
$1.00 TO $1.75 QUALITIES, REDUCED TO 75c A YARD
$2.50 TO $3.25 QUALITIES, REDUCED TO $1.5 O A YARD
$3.50 TO $4.50 QUALITIES, REDUCED TO $2.5 6 A YARD
Ladies' Fine Imported Underwear
AT EXTREMELY LOW PRICES
(Maiu Aisle Kearny St.)
Ladles' fine Cotton VESTS, Swiss ribbed, sleeveless, Ladies' fine ribbed Equestrienne TIGHTS, Ii?ht weight,
with hand crocheted yokes, in white only; _ ft In black or white, knee or ankle length, all «_
exceptionally fine value at *>U^ sizes, worth $1.00 pair, special at /DC
Ladles' White Spun Silk VESTS, Swiss ribbed, sleeve- Ladies' Plated Silk TIGHTS, Swiss ribbed, in white,
less with yokes beautifully crocheted by ei i. A black, pink or blue, knee or ankle length; C| __
hand; real value $1.25, special at . . • $I.UU ' excellent value, per pair £>!._:£>
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Continuation of the CJreat Sate
Monday Morning I
at 9 o'clock. . i
Come early and avoid the afternoon crush. This i
will be the banner week for BIG SELLING.
Every department in the house has beengone '
over and still further reductions have been
made. The time is short and the goods must
be disposed of.
C, Curtify
911 and 913 Market St.
- * *' _¦¦___' J^J^^l
j^L. . PALACE OP AOWCUiTUEE. ,1^0,
£|P f T • C* Jit W
w I Jnion* 3 Southern
Through Pullman and Tourist Cars to ST. LOUIS.
JUNE 15 (TEACHERS' EXCURSION), IB, 22, 23.
JULY I, 2, 7, 8, 13, 14.
ROUND TRIP <gS__ r^*7' RH
' QpKJ I mZJPKJ'
Wall Maps and Handy Pocket Maps to |
World's Fair Grounds, and Handsome II- ¦"
&_,•• lustrated Guide FREE. . ,,g|
S. P. BOOTS, Oencral Ag-ent, V. P. R. B., •
.. : ¦ . 1 Montgomery street.
Or Southern Paoiflo A_rent«.
¦I" DIRECT LINE, •""
|^^T 1 >cx?den-_ union * PAcrr/c , 'omaha _.
$£HS^-^^ \ CKEyCNNa >T---^_CH1CAQO
L : , KANeA^ -^>^__
J_io3 ANGELE& DENVER; vCATY 3T.LOUI37 J
ADVXBTISEMENTS. ' __!___^
tp' Second Week of the <^^^^^^^^ i
j 20% DISCOUNT SALE ll|p g|S
I Jackets SKirtsvK^^ng-
J Extra Special jfl^M W
j $35.00 Cloth Dress for | |^W| W
This season's newest design in sev- AwT^w/i/l \\\ i ltfi\
eral styles, latest mixtures and solid \mWsk •/» vlr/II!
colors; all guaranteed to be regular \\'Uw // i_ 1 '( mlaT
$35.00 values; special *£?? \\" / 1 \HwIl
Great Undermuslin Jnf l] \ y
I The greatest value ever advertised. <^i//fi' I '^?i_r4ai^wk _JH
Any $1.30 Skirt, Gown, Corset W l \M .
Cover, Drawers, Shirt Waist in our f % AliStvf-$£vS\.
undermuslin department spe- QC~ j^5?t=_£ * — < :^5* iti W NU£i*i
cial this week 7 JCTo the uninitiated it may be ex
plained that a traveler, whether he be
!n London or Bombay, in Natal or the
hot lake district of New Zealand, de
sirous of communicating with the
Times, has only to address his mes
sage "Preps, New York," "Press" being
lhe registered cable address of the
Press Publishing Company. It will be
s?<n that from far , distant points
where cable tolls are $1 or more a
-.vord the saving by this method is
considerable, and wlien live, up-to-date
codes are used for the transmission of
the message In cipher this saving can
easily run up to big amounts in dol
lars and cents.— Washington Star.
A Ills Savins.
AH the people of the United States
could be evenly distributed over Man
hattan Island without making It as
densely populated as Its southeastern
quarter now is. .*.; •<?
"Our visual range is confined to near
objects frr the greater part of the
day." said he, "and this keeps the eyes
turned in. An object twenty feet away
will make the eyeballs parallel.
"Anything less will turn them In,
and people who spend their hour* In
offices and crowded flats necessarily
have a short range of vision, which
overworks and weakens their interior
muscles close to the nasal cavity.
The exterior muscles, not being
eo strained, are strong, and hence
cause the eyes to turn out. Let a per
eon who is thus affected spend a week
or two In the country and his eyes
become normal again, because he gets
preater rang** of vision. Savages are
generally, far-sighted." — New Tork
Commercial.
"The race is growing near-sighted
owing to the city life and the condi
tions of our civilization," said Fred
erick P. Simmons, examining eye spe
cialist, while addressing the members
of the ICew England Association of
Opticians' the other day.
City Folk Xear-Slghted.
The Japanese believe In themselves.
They have gone Into war with 'Russia
expecting to win. Self-reliance marks
the Japanese In all relations of life. It
is a quality which makes tof their suc
cess. "They can, because they think
they can." Aggression and insult the
Japanese have always bee,n quick to re
sent. China time out of mind has been
treated like a." conquered province. —
World's Work.
Japanese Confldenco.
fifty-miles and serving alike all rail
roads within the radius, regardless of
their corporate identity. The neces
sary community of interest was to be
obtained through a central board of
railroad managers, organized on line's
similar to the railroad clearing-house,
which has worked so successfully and
harmoniously for a number of years.
Mr. Bennett made the rather ambi
tious estimate of £150,000,000 as the
cost of electrification and figured that
another £160,000,000 would be re
quired for Increased facilities to pro
vide for the greatly enlarged traffic
which was to result. He calculated
the cost of working, after making the
changes, at 61.6 per cent of gross re
ceipts instead of 64 per cent, as in the
1901 railroad returns on which his es
timates were based. It is to be feared
that there is a chance of error in cal
culations Involving £300,000,000 and
that conservative British managers
may be a little cautious in following
out Mr. Bennett's plan. — Railway Ga
zette.
The English Institution of Electrical
Engineers devoted a recent meeting
to a discussion of a general electrifica
tion of the railroads of England. A
paper was read by F. F. Bennett esti
mating the cost of equpping the entire
railroad system with electricity by
means of power houses located every
Electrifying: Railroads in England.
In a talk before the Onelda His
torian Society at Utlca. State HW»
torian Hugh Hastings recalled that at
the outbreak of the war for the Union
Ulysses Grant was a tanner; McClel
lan a railroad president,- Sherman a
banker in Xew Orleans, Rosecrans,
Hooker, Slocum, Halleck and Burn
sides were also out of- the service;
Thomas was a major in the Second
Cavalry; Meade a captain of engi
neers; Sheridan had Just been pro
moted first lieutenant in Grant's old
regiment, the Fourth Infantry; Han
sock was a captain in the quarter
master's department; Schoneld was a
first lieutenant of artillery; Granger
was a first lieutenant. Most of the of
ficers who afterward became distin
guished in the Confederate service had
continued in the army from the time
they were graduated from "West Point
to the breaking out of the. war. Lee
was colonel of the First Cavalry; Al
bert Sidney Johnson colonel of the
Second Cavalry; J. E. B. Stuart a cap
tain of cavalry; Hood first lieutenant
of cavalry; Jo® Johnson quartermaster
general of the United States army;
Beauregard captain of . engineers;
Longstreet a major in the Pay Corps;
Stephen D. Lee first lieutenant of ar
tillery; Bragg had resigned in J856,
and Stonewall Jackson was an instruc
tor In the Washington and Lee Uni
versity at Lexington, Va. While Grant
was unquestionably the greatest fighter
the war produced, Mr. Hastings added,
to McClellan belongs the glory of
standing as the most briliant organ
izer. — Washington Star.
Our Generals.
M. Leplne, Prefect of Police, has now
a new sort of diving dog, or chlen plon
geur.'for service along the banks of
the river. The original dogs used by
the waterside police did not quite come
up to the expectations raised as to their
capacities, and only a very few of them
were able to assist in rescue work.
Accordingly,,, M. Leplne made an ex
periment in canine breeding, and he
has now a diving dog, which is a cross
between the Newfoundland and the
Esquimau species. The new chlen
plongeur is called the Terreneuve Es
quimau, and has the black ha.tr and
heavy paws of the Newfoundland sire
with the slender snout of the Esquimau
mother. M. Leplne will be undoubtedly
famous for his Invention and his ener
getic efforts to improve the working of
his Important department. He has,
notably, to his credit the "plunging
policemen" or "agents plongeurs," the
diving dogs, and the small flotilla of
steamboats which scour the Seine at
night, and, with the aid of powerful
electric illumination, discover river
poachers or other marauders and crimi
nals, while they also rescue persons
who have been flung over the bridges,
or who have thrown themselves Into
the river in order to put an end to their
real or. Imagined miseries. A good
many strange things happen on the
Seine between the Pont Neuf and the
Pont d'Austerlltz, and M.
riverside policemen, boats and dogs are
often the means of preventing murders,
suicides and robberies, and of bringing
to light periodically many of the mys
teries of the river. — Parts correspend
ance of London Daily Telegraph.
Diving Doss of Paris.
Even the wise man who thinks he
knows it all doesn't know why the
strenuous old hen lays an egg instead
of standing it on end. " _,
PARIS, June 4. — A report was re
ceived here to-day of a battle on. the
coast of French Guinea between a
column and 4000 natives,
i The natives were armed with flint
guns and made a terrific onslaught.
They were beaten back, losing their
principal chief and 300 men killed.
A French lieutenant was killed and
twenty soldiers wounded. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
One Lieutenant Slain and
Twenty Soldiers Wounded
in Repelling an Attack
"WASHINGTON, June 4.— Much com:
ment has been caused here by the
photograph taken of ' Miss Roosevelt
at the exposition .standing very near
one of the exhibition savages In his na
tive dress, or rather undress. To the
general public this may seem strange,
but to her friends the matter Is prob
ably easily explained by Miss Roose
velt Ever since her father came to
the "White House Miss Roosevelt has
been the victim of the camera fiend,
both professional and amateur. At first
she shunned them, but later, finding
It was of little avail, she very gracious
ly allowed many to take her plctura
when requested. It Is believed the
photograph taken at St. Louis was
probably done when Miss Roosevelt
was unconscious of it.
NEW TORK. June 4.— Faults In
composition have been found in the
jrroup of photographs representing
Miss Alice Roosevelt and other distin
guished visitors recently taken at the
World's Fair in St. Louis. It seems to
have been the intention of the officials
that the pictures should be dignified
and conventional. Yet the presence of
a Filipino in the foreground tends to
defeat that object. '
Those who study the amenities of
life are wonderine what the fair man
agers were thinking of when they per
mitted this child of the tropics to re
main within range of the camera. His
attire consisted of one very slight gar
ment, evidently cut In accordance with
the summer fashion of the natives of
the islands. Friends of Miss Roosevelt
think he should have been eliminated
in the dark room or banished In the re
touching of the negative and they aro
highly indignant that the picture
should have been given circulation. If
It were intended that the Philippines
should have representation In the
group, these friends believe the object
could have been attained in a much
less objectionable manner than it was.
ST. LOUIS, June 4.— The group pho
tographs of Miss Alice Roosevelt and
party In the Igorrote village at the
"World's Fair, the scene represented be
ing the Introduction of Miss Roose
velt to . the Jgorrote chief, Antonio,
which was published . in a St. Louis
paper, is causing comment by persona
who hold that Antonio was woefully
lacking in r&irnent. (..
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Scant Raiment of Islander
From the Philippines Is
Considered as Undignified
FEIEXDS AliE INCENSED
CHIEF 'AMONG THE DEAD
Picture Shewing Miss Koose
yelt at the St. Louis
Fair Occasions Comment
Three Hundred Natives Are
Killed in an Engagement
Fought on Coast of Guinea
FILIPINO MARS
A PHOTOGRAPH
FRENCH BATTLE
WITH AFRICANS
THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 5, -1904.
39
Oni IIMDI A San Francisco's Beg. MONDAY iipt wrri/
U U LU M D I A Leadn; Theater second and LAM WfcfcK
't OiARLES FROHMAN presents for the last Six Nights and Saturday Matinee
HHagH . fis V& |B * EB - aB JM^ £¦ ft v9 el \ik ws IK^h && \tjtv
U Bga PJ EX pft Si h| mm S Kf Ef fd rim E 1 . Bf la Wm fe$\a bl
":r THE LITTLE MINISTER
"A rreat artistic success." — Chronicle." "Possesses - divine flre." — Examiner.
- "Simply bewitched the audience." — Call.
"Proves Irresistible." — Post. "Refreshing as a dewdrop." — Bulletin.
-- ¦.'¦ *\- \ ' - -* " •¦'
3 ATTRACTION-Beginnlng MONDAY, JUNE 13, at 8 o'clock slurp
; E. H. SOTHERN
Management Daniel Frohman. in the Miracle Play,
THE PROUD PRINCE
* ,< By Justin Huntly McCarthy, author of "IF I WERE KIMO."
Entire Production Intact as Presented at New Lyceum Theater,' New York.
ADWNCE SU.E OF BOXES AND SEATS BEGINS NEXT THURSDAY
(MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS. MISCELLANEOUS AMU5EME2TTS.
¦ttA'SFRALL SAN FRANCISCO «)• . ,
BHJLDiU.L BY AUTOMOBILE
AT RECREATION PARK. C \\ \ &3*£&&$&h
Eighth and Harrison streets. /¦ vALL \ili&'- : *-r^J&£y
OATTT AND v<? PORTLAND l mobhoj cabbiaoe co.
UAJVLlAWl/ V&. rUniLATIU GOLDEN GATE AVE. and, COUGH ST.
mA «*•» «.•»« »' w Phone Private Exchange 770.
TO-DAY, 3.30 r. SO.. Downtown offlcej — Court Palace Hotel: Lobby
¦ Advance sala of seats at 5 Stockton street. 6t. Fraacia Hotel; Lcbby of Occidental Hotel.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
| New Trunks
j Our line of Trunks. Traveling
| Bags and Dress Suit Cases is now
complete. We carry everything
i that's new and up-to-date. If you
j are. in need of anything in our line
! call and see us. You will be sure
1 to find what you want. •
A. B. SMITH CO.
128 Ellis Street, Above Powell.
AMUSEMENTS.
UNION
COURSING
PARK
T. J. XEXI.I.T. JadO
JAS. T. GRACE Slipper
TO-DAY, /SUNDAY, JUNE 5.
Seventy-Two
Famous Coursers
— IK—
Open and
Puppy Stakes
.-GREAT SPORT. AND-
"A CHANCE TO SPECULATE EVERT
THR*EE MINUTES."
'' TRAIN SERVICE BOTH WAT8.
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 10:15
and 1 d. m. ; Twenty-fifth and Valencia su>.
five minutes later. Returning; at 4:45 p. m.
and after the last course. San Matea electric
cars every four minutes durlne the day. '
INGLESIDE'
GOURSING^ PARK.
9 6 -Dog Open Stake
SaturuayaDdSuDuay
June 4 and 5*
Ocurslns; will begin at 11:30 o'clock sharp
and continue until the last 'winning- flag goes
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $2000
All Mission street cars transfer to Guerrero
cars, which go direct to the park.
THOMAS TIERNET. Judfe.
EDWARD SHORTSTAQ. Slipper.
High-Class Specialties Every Afternoon and
Evening In the Theater.
WALSH AND LIGON : JONES. SYLVESTER
AND PRINGLE; GUS KIRALFO; ALFONS;
MR. AND MRS. 2 BEN HUNN; MILDRED
MANNING AND NEW MOVING PICT-
URES. ';•. ' ___„ ¦-
Take a Ride on the MINIATURE ELECTRIC
: AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
..Admission. 10c; Children, 6c. .
¦ ""When Phoning- Ask for "Thtt Chute*."
-'...•¦ -.-¦!-¦ . . . » . ' •- I '¦
«•••• ** ICEo/
My work is popular all over the
Coaat because it la all rlpht In all re-
spects, because It saves the amateur's
time and money. Here are a few
ft euros:
SE-vxx.OFixro:
Roll of 6 10c i Roll of 12 15c
TBXSTISQ'.
So'io f.nlsh. . .3c-5c j Velox flnieh..3c-€o
SrXTB TS A TKIAX. OBOES 2TOW.
Cameras of all kinds repaired at
moderate rates.
DAYLIGHT LOADING FZX.KS of all
popular sizes at popular prices.
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAIM PITTS
w F. W. PITTS, the Stationer.
1005* Market Street, above Powell.
San Francisco.
HOTELS AND ItESOKTS.
(New)HOTEL BUTLER
SEATTLE.
:.i:XO;'ELED AND REBUILT at expenre of
t J 1 ' '"" '' — New Ma.na«eme&t — ENTIRELY FIRE-
pnoor.
LOCATION — Very accecslbla to street car
j;r.»-t,. thf«tcre. etc. EUROPEAN PLAN.
223 HOOSIS with LUXURIOUS BATHS—
Several private rooma In antique decoratlona,
Turk.rti Bath» la Hotel.
UNSURPASSED RESTAURANT. D« Stat-
grr, Ckef. (jrtnerly of "Waldorf-Astoria and
Ch«f to Prince of 'Wales.
HOTEL ORCHESTRA: Telephone Conneo-
txr.s in every room; lout* distance cosa«cUooa
soade with any part of the Coast.
Wire for reservations, at our expense
HOTEL BUTLER. Seattle. Wa»h.
Pfltarp D0NT FAIL T0
IdlaUV Bee the beautiful
j COURT Lou&sing
51 ft H room, the EM PI RE
uiiu parlor, the
r A PALM ROOM, the
lir^nQ LOUIS XV PAR-
ui uuu LOR^ the LA
U i.^1« DIE S* WRITING
Hotels rqom -
•i i-
If joti need help to make that
summer waist or outlnc suit
answer our EMPLOYMENT
WANTED ads.
lteliable seamstresses at reas-
onable rates.
Dry Goods Company
SEMI-ANNUAL
SUITS, SKIRTS, COATS,
TT A aft TTT^msT 11 '
JACKETS
jj Commencing Monday at 9 a. m.
we will m^ke strenuous reduc- !
tions in all this season's importa- j
tions of ready-to-wear outer gar- j
ments at prices low enough to j
clear them out immediately. . .
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
Ge&rr end Stockton Streets, Union Square.
6reit RedactloD Site of Colored and Black Dress Goods Commences on Monday
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j j Week Commencing THIS AFTES-
I : NOON t Jnne 5. \
6BigNewAcfs-G
|j TRULY SHATTUCK
America's rarorlt* Comic Op«r*-»i
Scsrano.
i AVON COMEDY FOUR i
I In- Their I*ngh!n» Saec^n. "THE
{ NEW TEACHER." ',
LEAH RUSSELL
Th« TldOlab Soubratta. i
BRANDOW and WILEY
Colored Etsfert tnl Grotes-ius
| Dancer*.
j | Ret*la«d by R*qu«st'.
BURKE, LA RUE and the
I|KY BOYS i
la & Br»ad New Act.
i GASTON and STONE l -
Til* Jolly Jacklaa. " .
I POWERS BROTHERS \
Tb« Orlflnal "Alphonss aad Outnn
Awheel."
| The Brooklyn Handicap :
j Bbowa la Orphatua Motloa Picture*.
New Picture*! Local Statuary 1 .
MARCEL'S LIVING ART |
! i! STUDIES \
I Twiatjr-flY» Celebrated Ptrta!ta '
; / Modela. ;
j ' Rerular MaUnee» every Wednesday. !
i , Thursday. Saturday and Sunday. |
.;; .^PRICKS— 10c. 23o and 80c. ]
CALIFORNIA
TO-moHT. CSSEIX5V
mT FIRST TIME HERE. T»
H The SUrrlnc War Play of the South El
I "THE CAVALIER" I
M Presented by |i
I The Oliver Moress) Company I
|l Th» Greatest Stock Compaoy In Ex- Ij
P BARGAIN MATINEE THURSDAY. II
ij 25c and 30e. ti
¦ Next — SECRET SERVICE. 17
— ¦' ¦ M
Beainnln^ MATINEE TO-DAY*
LAST WEEK J
MELBOURNE
MacDOWELL
Flnt Production In this City of tha Romantts
Drama.
A CAPTAIN
OF
NA\//\RRE
Monday. June 13— MRS. LESLIE CARTER In
DU BARRY
SALE OF SEATS BEGINS THURSDAY.
TIVOUSSS^
REGUL.\R MATINEE SATURDAT.
Last Night of THE TOY MAKER
*" *
Beginning To-Morrow Night
FIRST PRODUCTION IN THIS CITY
Of the Military Comic Opera Triumph.
| SERGEANT |
\ K I T T Y f^
SPLENDID CAST.
First Appearance Hera of
LILLIAN SEFTON. Prlma Donna Soprano.
USUAL TIVOLI PRICES— 23c. 50c. 75c
ALCAZAR"™"?
Generai Manas**.
LAST TIME— TO-NIGHT.
TOLL GATE INN
The Dellshtful Colonial Drama.
\ Evc.,25c to 75c. Mats. Thurs. * Sat.. 2jc to 50b,
MONDAY NIGHT— ONE WEEK. )
SUMPTUOUS PRODUCTION.
I UNDER TWO FLAGS |
OulJa's Ever Popular Romance.
CIGARETTE'S SENSATIONAL RIDE FOR
LIFE. »
' THE MARVELOUS SANDSTORM SCENB.
June 13 — The Comedy of Comedies. '¦
CHARLETB AUNT. t
In Preparation — LOVERS' LiANE.
Coming— WHITE WHITTLESEY.
Market street, near Elchth. Phone South S3X
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT LAST TIMB
Of the Famous Standard Drama,
| A CELEBRATED CASE (
TO-MORROW NIGHT — ALL NEXT WEEK.
Hal Reid's Phenomenal Eastern 8uccess.
| THE F»EOPLER |
A Fascinating Heart Interest Drama With »
"Wealth of Comedy and the Greatest of all
Hebrew Characters.
DDfrEC Evening '....10e to 50o
iKlWCj Matinees 10c. 15c. 254
. , ¦
HAVE YOU HEARD THE NEW3T ',
The One DUttnct Hit.
A Burl^squ* With a Plot and a Thousand
' Laughs.
Tremendous Success of the New Company.
Caroline Hull. Edna An*. Garrlty Slsttrs.
York" and Adams. Al Fields. Edwin Clark.
Ben Dillon end Roy Alton. "Star-" Chorus
sU^kllns music. Brilliant Marches. Beauti-
ful Dances. Kxqutslte Costumes. Topical Sonca.
E TbTs^S I u\i<Uy S n < i" I ht-F.rst time L.on.1 Law-
rence's Great Novelty
"EIGHT RADIUM GIRLS."
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Same Popular Prices.
SPECIAL-— To-morrow. Monday Night, first
appTaTSce of NORA BAYK3. '
WeeHy Call $1.00 prYear
.„_•..';••. ADVEBTISiagENTS.
i - ' • ' |
I j Great SemirAnnval |
I J Clearance Sale) t
i ; ;
1 • The lowest prices in years— $125,000 stock j
of Tailor Suits, Jackets, Long Coats, Child's ;
: Coats,Skirtsofall descriptions, I nfants'Cloaks,etc. ¦;
! MUST BE SOLD OUT
: Goods sold as advertised. No misrepresentation, i
No 'matter how ridiculously low prices may seem, j
! SUITS I JACKETS I StS J
$12.50 and $1500 AND LONG COATS All-Wool
; Suits at.... $4.95 covert Jack- Walkin^ Skirts i :
•I $17.50 Suits at.... ets at ....$1.95 75 ° •::
! ...... ..: : ....»* H^ipil
I $20.00 Suits at. ... I $I2 so Covert Jack . $t. 75 : :
[ft I ets at $6.95 ¦ . • ;
1 >J c -x i.^ «t-, rt rtrt r « r c * r $5-00 Skirts at.... <
i $ $22.50 Suits at $20.00 uorset^J .
i| ..$g. 9 5 % Coats at... $9.95 . $2.45 ;
(» * ' c •. . $8.50 Cheviot Tack- !
, ft $25.00 Suits at.-. . . * e ° ts at _ , / $3#45 $7.50 Skirts at. ... ) :
! | ......... $ii-45 $12.50 Long Coats •* .-.$3-45 |
\l\ $27.50 Suits at at $4.95 . C1 . )
• ' ..$12.95 $15.00 Long Coats Etamine Skirts }4 |
[1 $30.00 Suits at.... q .ft---f95 P"" .......... j
.%, *taac Sllk Coats at *-" $4-95, $5-95. $7-45 :
;|" ••••••'.;', $6.45. $7-95. $8-45 Silk Skirts Y>\
\ $37-50 Suits at. ... p on gee -Coats at. . - §(?£ \ ;
• • • • -$19-95 $ii.45 and $14.45 £"" %&&& . \
\ $45.00 Suits at '• *3-95» 55-95. 5o-45 J j
I ..$22.45 CHILD'S GOATS Xrepe de Chene
I a $50.00 Suits at Butcher. Coats, Skirts Y* price. ; ,
\\ i.. $28.45 with' Peter „ ,.. _,. i[\
1 Infants' Cashmere Thomson Em- "Pure Linen Skirts |
!| and Silk Cloaks blem ' sizes f 2 to $I ' 45 and $I ' 9S !
at y A their val- HJ^l^ White L i n"e n
I ue at 95c, $1.45, Regular price Skirts, with in-
| $2.95, $3-45- $2.50 to $5.00. sertion at $3.45 :
1230-1232-1234 MARKET.STREET.
. • AMUSEMENTS.
0 oe«oooooceocoe«edOoooooooo»OQ099099oooeoooco
I GRAND OPERA-HOUSE!
I LIMITED ENGAGEMENT, COMMENCING MONDAY, JUNE 13th I
• J * , •
0 KEOTTLAK MATITTEB SATXTBDAT. SPECIAL MATHTEE WEDWESDAT. O
f DA VI II BELASCO I
• PRESENTS 7V\RS. ? •!
O \^ j — ___ nBsjssi «¦«. • ¦
• - O
% In His rVe»\jv Piety O
§ SALE Or SEATS COMMENCES Entire Orliria*l Company. Produc- q
O THURSDAY MORNING tion Identic^ WitoJKr.. Carter'. O
O 1 Fiaoni New Tork Ensraffement of O
9 PRICES $2. $1.50, $1,750,500 384 Ferfonnancei. •
9 I — 1 •
• ;__: ¦ ¦ ¦ : ; : ____^ •
§ % Out-of-town mail orders will be promptly attended to in the 0
q ¦ order received when accompanied by remittance. Those wishing o
0 tickets mailed must inclose a self-addressed envelope; of reply. 0
• Address all communications to H. H. Campbell, Treasurer, Grand 0
• , Opera-House. • ,
© ¦ 1 •
t99990099090009e9e9999 •»»OCOOCO»»»»»»»»»00000
".»'• 'ADVEBTISETJEENTS. ' k. - •
Ifpfj REFRIGERATORS
I H mZ^^^M Wlfl keOp Provlsion8 lonsrer and
j I f tPjLXLJJ \fji ! irlTy > ? a vlV KuKB I T d C I 1**?^? I /"• 1""*
y |^^~jBEltffi' HI Than any other Refrigerator ©n
I The Larg:est steck afld latest
I • I i^i^ilil ill VarietJ 0D thePacific Co2s{ -
I W. W. Mont ape & Go.OAKLAND, June 4.— The following
divorces were granted to-day: An In
terlocutory decree to Carrie Tansey
from E. T. Tansey for willful neglect;
a final decree to Elizabeth Ellmer on
an interlocutory decree granted^ year
ago. . " , *
Crosby, Elected Trustee.
HAYWARDS, June 4. — Peter J.
Crosby, a prominent attorney of \Hay
wards, has been ejected School Trus
tee, defeating John A. Obermuller, by
a vote of 234 to 140. .
There are instances >in which no
printer can follow copy without break
ing his neck.
The "Bus" Against the "Tubes."
A showing the growth of the omni
bus traffic In London and how little
the opposition of the "tubes" was felt
after the novelty had worn off, J. H.
Moore, who presided at the half year
ly meeting: of the London Road Car
Company the other day, mentioned
that In Oxford street, below which the
Central London Railway ran, the num
ber of omnibus Journeys run by the
various companies prior to the open
ing of that railway in 1899 was 2292
a da-- * -. to-day the number was
2416 — an Increase of 124 journeys.
Mr. Moore said he had great faith in
motor cars and believed when a suit
able vehicle was found it would beat
the .tramways. — London Engineer.
Persons In search of a mission and
desirous of uplifting society might do
worse than to circulate in the form of
a tract the Post-Standard's 'account of
what happened on an' East Side car
night before-last. The ; hero of this
tale, although more or less drunk, - was
exceedingly. gallant The car was filled
with women standing up and men sit
ting down, a state of things which
grieved and pained him, so much so
that he to cause any one
of. the monsters who were occupying
the seats to vacate if any lady would
signify what seat she wanted. •Perhaps
the ; best.' that ' can be said for this
knight-errant is that he -meant well:
but for the credit of this community
the men who ride in street cars ought
to take heed : to the lesson which this
man was trying to teach. Otherwise our
sheet car. manners will soon be about
as bad as the street car manners of the
New Yorkers, which are absolutely the
.worst things of .the kind now on exhi
bition in : this country.— Syracuse Post-
Standard. ,
Streetcar Manners.
OAKLAND, June 4. — The Neill Com
pany will appear at Ye Liberty
Theater for the last time to-morrow
evening and on Monday evening the
new company, 'which will be known
as Ye Liberty Stock Company, will
make its first appearance In. George
Broadhurst's comedy, ; "What Hap
pened to Jones.**, Frank Bacon of the
Alcazar Theater will assume the title
role. Miss Louise Brownell, a San
Francisco girl, will appear as the lead-
Ing lady. : . ; '
New Company Will Appear.
OAKLAND, June 4.— An electric
car on the East Oakland division col
lided with one of the E. B. & A*. _L.
Stone dirt trains last night at the cor
ner of East Twenty-first street and
Sixteenth avenue. The front of the
car was torn out. No passengers were
on the car and the motorman and con
ductor escaped injury. ,
Dirt Train Collides With Car.
The oldtlme almanac,' with Its pre
dictions of snow in December, cold in
February, rains in April and heat in
July, was taken half seriously in back
woods districts in America half a cen
tury ago. To-day such an almanac is
too trite a subject even for Jest. ¦ Yet
Mme. de Thibes of Paris hag issued
an almanac, whose pretensions to pro
phecy make the humble attempts of
the American weather prognosticator
of half a century ago Eeem insignificant,
indeed- For March she predicts ex
travagant and exciting stock exchange
deals, for April, unexpected and ridicu
lous marriages and divorces; for May,
a crisis in France and the death of the
German Emperor, while Austria will be
menaced in June. It is scarcely neces
sary to go through the year with Mme.
de Thibes* list of calamities and the
"many tragic signs" she professes to
Bee for America, including "some phy
sical catastrophe which will bring
much mourning." Prophecy is an easy
business till the inventory as to re
sults and fulfillment is made out. — New
York Tribune.
Tragic Siffns from Almanac
OAKLAND. June 4. — Four of the
Oakland Co-operative Meat Com
pany's marke.ts were opened this
morning, and did a good business dur
ing the day. The wholesale depart
ment Is located at the Produce Ex
change. The three branch markets
are at 457 Seventh street, 617 East
Twelfth street and 877 San Pablo
avenue. This evening the Butchers'
Union held a parade In celebration of
the opening. Representatives of vari
ous other unions were in line.
Co-Operative Company's Markets
After Riley had been discharged he
was rearrested on a charge of ( battery,
to which he pleaded gruilty. He will
be sentenced on June 11. Riley is now
serving a sentence of fifty days for
drunkenness.
OAKLAND, June 4.— Edward J.
Riley, the former. San Francisco po
liceman, who tried, to burn his- wife
to death In their home about a month
ago, escaped prosecution on a charge
of attempt to commit murder; in the
PoHce Court this morning, his wife
refusing to prosecute. The charge
was dismissed on ' motion of the
Prosecuting Attorney.
E. J. Rllcy Escapes Charge of At
tempt to Commit Murder — Pleads
Guilty to Battery.
WIFE OP EX-POLICEJIAX
REFUSES TO PROSECUTE
ALAMEDA. June 4. — Monday night
the new Park Theater will be opened
to the public for the first time. It has
Just been completed and is one of the
more pretentious of the smaller play
houses of Alameda County. Messrs.
Lerner and Krlnsky -will manage the
theater and promise an excellent
varied vaudeville programme for the
opening night.
Alanicda's New Theater.
The red men of the West are good
spenders. As customers,, the store
keepers out In the border lands pre
fer them to the whites. They know
what they want and will pay almost
any old price for it. Mrs. J. I. White
lives in Porter, I. T. f where her hus
band runs a store. Porter is a brand
new town and is ' now in the boom
state. There are a great many In
dians about Parker and they are the
store's best customers.
When White went to the Territory
his wife says he supposed the In
dians would demand as low-priced
goods as it is possible to sell, but
found out that the redskins were riot
just as he sized them up. The In
dians want the sportiest things on the
market. They turn up their noses at
cheap clothes and want loud colors
and costly garbs. When Christmas
came It was natural to suppose that
the Indians would also want costly
sweets as well as costly clothes and
White was surprised, to find that the
Indians pased .- up the high-priced
candies and bought the cheapest kind
possible. The most they could get for
the money was the kind they wanted.
The Indians argued that they ate the
candy and no one saw it, but. with the
clothing it was. different^ as every one
saw the clothes they 'wore. .The red
man la much more particular, about
what he puts on his. back than what
he puts in his stomach. — New York
Commercial.
Redskins Good Customers.
The Lucky Golfer.
A remarkable accident, with a touch
of that humor which is showing itself
ever in this wonderful game, took place
in this country.. Two well-known play
ers were engaged in a close contest.
One of these, at an advanced hole of
the match, was a little down. Both had
made equally good drives, but a poor
second shot had put the player who
was behind with a high board fence be
tween him and the hole. The other
man played and placed his ball neatly
on the green. He walked onward with
all the confidence which comes from ly
ing almost dead, while one's opponent
is playing one more in a less advan
tageous position. Suddenly he saw the
other ball roll across the grass and
come to Test within a foot of the flag.
To play over the fence was almost im
possible to do with any accuracy, but
his opponent had played and made a
poor shot. His ball, however, instead
of striking the fence, had passed neatly
through a knot hole, and come to rest
In a position which enabled him to put
out, winning the hole. — Outing.
How to Act at Theater Fires.
United States Consul C. N. Daniels
of Sheffield, England, under date of
January 15, 1904, Incloses a suggestion
received by the chief of the fire de
partment In that . city in regard to
theater fires, as follows: • "It is the
custom in nearly every theater, at least
in England, to lower and raise the fire
proof curtain at least once during every
performance. This curtain is not or
namental — it Is not Intended to- be — and
it only remains down for a short time.
Now, why should It not be Inscribed
There Is to be no contest over the
will" of the late Ellen B. Musser. A
stipulation signed by all the parties
to the action was filed to-day and the
case dropped from the calendar. Mrs.
Laura H. L. Dodge and Catherine Col
burn of Denver, sisters of the deceased,
who objected to the protoatlng of the
will, have received a sufficient sum to
soothe their feelings.
The trouble arose over the fact that
out of an estate valued at $26,563.25
they were left but $10 each.. while Dr.
Henry Wells Horn, who was no rela
tive, was to receive a fourth of the
estate. . T^ie sisters alleged that Horn
"ingratiated himself into the good
graces of their sister by fondling and
caressing the old lady until he gained
posseslon of her affections." She was
67 years of age and he is 30.
The will of the late Henry Hyland
was filed for probate to-day. " It dis
poses of property valued at about $18,
000. The property is left in small be
quests to twenty-six different relatives
and friends. He was an old time resi
dent of East Oakland and was 85 years
of age when he died.
The final order distributing the estate
of the late Edward Remillard to his
widow, Virginia Remillard,- was made
by Judge Greene to-day. The estate Is
valued at about $100,000 and consists
chiefly of 300 shares of the Remillard
Brick Company.
Judge Greene has held the will of
the late Thomas Carberry to be valid
and the' contest waged over.' it has
failed. The estate is valued at , $5000
and goes to Mrs. Peter Mulligan, while
Timothy Carberry, a brother, la left
without a cent. .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, June 4.
Contest Over the Will of
the Late Ellen B. Musser
Has Been Compromised
OAKLAND, June 4. — The following
marriage licensed were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Albert D. Evans,
over 21, and Anna E. Helms, over 18,
both of Berkeley; William G. Egleston,
over 21, Berkeley, and Abbie Blanch
ard, over 18, Oakland; John R. Chap
man, over 21, San Francisco, and Alice
Brownlow, over 18, Berkeley; Finis
K. llarr, 28, and Rose E. Lee, 20, both
of San Francisco; John O. Nelson, 23,
and Lydia Rasmussen, 26, both of Ala
meda; Frank George, over 21, and
Annie Roderick, over 18, both of Al
varado.
Marriage Licenses.
ESTATES WILL
BE DIVIDED
OAKLAND. June 4. — Andrew Jack
eon Cord, age 73 years, was found
dead in bed this' morning, having died
suddenly during the night. The de
ceased had apparently been in good
health yesterday, and had been work
ing In his garden. It Is thought that
death was due to natural causes. Cord
resided at 1019 Fifty-third street.
Aged Man Dies Suddenly.
teachers burn paper money and joss
sticks and bow their heads three times
to the floor. The teacher then tells
Confucius the day, the month and the
year and . begs for his favor. — Every
body's Magazine.
"Was Heaviest Man In England.
The death was announced at Dorer
lately of Thomas Longley, whose chief
title to fame was that he was the fat
test man in this country. He even se
cured the recognition of royalty, and in
the Jubilee year received a message
from Queen Victoria "congratulating
her heaviest subject upon his good
health." He weighed about forty-six
stone (553 pounds) and was over six
feet in height and measured seventy
one Inches around the chest, eighty
three : inches around the waist and
twenty-three inches around the calf.
He was 58 years old. Longley was the
proprietor of the Starr Inn at Dover,
and up to the time of his death took an
active interest in the affairs of the
town. Until the last year or two he
was a frequent visitor to London. On
these occasions he traveled in a special
railway carriage, and in going about
town he rode in a furniture van, no or
dinary vehicle being adequate to ac
commodate his enormous weight.. His
death was due to cancer.— London Ex
press.
in letters large enough for all to read,
with directions for each part of the
house to observe in case vt flre? They
would necessarily be short and to the
point, and the public in the gallery
would only have to mark, learn and
digest their portion, so that they could
be made easily intelligible. As time
goes on and the authority responsible
for insisting upon the means to be
taken for the safety of the people in
places of entertainment becomes more
severe in its requirements. I presume
it will, as far as practicable, stand
ardize the regulations, and it would
therefore follow that- the directions
would in time be standardized, too. and
would so become as well known to
every person as the means of escape
or how to act in case of Ore are now
unknown."— New York Commercial.
OAKLAND, June 4. — The follow
ing teachers' certificates were granted
by the County Board of Education
to-day: Grammar gTade — Lizzie Mont
gomery, Amelia Hartman; permanent
grammar grade — Nellie E. Crowley;
grammar grade renewals — Blanche P.
Hall, Blanche H. Frost, F. Brustgruen,
G. M. Hostetter; high school renewals
— Emma Bruk, A- J. Swasey; primary
renewal — Catherine O. Allen; kinder
garten primary certificates — Miss Bar
nard. Mary L. Williams; recommenda
tion to State board for grammar
school life diploma — WY L. Bolsled",
Mrs. Mary T. Wilson. 'V
Grants Certificates.
ALAMEDA. June 4. — George L.
Price, the young jnan who was taken
into custody without warrant of law
by Howard K. James, a bill collector,
and detained In the latter's private
penitentiary for three days for debt,
will appear before City Justice R. B.
Tappan Monday to answer to a charge
of petty larceny. When James became
aware that it was known he had Price
in durance he turned his prisoner over
to Constable George E. Clarke. Price
was then taken to the County Jail and
is now out on $150 cash bail. He will
be represented in court by Attorney
D. C. Mitchell.
Price Released on Bail.
Superitendent of Schools F. T.
Moore was given an Increase of $25
In his salary and will hereafter re
ceive $200 a month. The salary of
grammar school principals was raised
from $125 to $135 a month and of
assistant high school teachers from
$85 to $90 a month.' .
ALAMEDA, -June 4. Several
changes were made in the list of the
principals and teachers of the School
Department at the annual election
held last night by the Board of Edu
cation. The salaries of the more im
portant instructors were Increased.
George C. Thompson was chosen to
succeed Dr. A. W. Scott, resigned, as
principal of the High School. Horatio
Cogswell, teacher of Latin in the High
School, was granted a leave of absence
and Miss Elolse Shaw of Santa Cruz
was appoitned to the temporary va
cancy. George Mansfield of Ventura
was elected to the position of teacher
of hisf^y ln tne High School made
vacant by the retirement of Arthur M.
Ellis. William W. Kemp, principal of
the Longfellow School, gets a leave of
absence for one year and Carl J. Phll
lppi of Rocklln was elected to the
place.
Teachers Is Held and Salaries
- Are Increased. . , ',
Annual Election of, Principals, and
CHANGES IN ALAMEDA
SCHOOL DEPARTMENT
OAKLAND. June 4. — Stanley H.
Rich, the young drug clerk, who is
accused by W. A. Wishart of breaking
into the latter's store at 1008 Wash
ington etreet and stealing Jl4 85 from
tl-.-i cash register, was held to answer
before the Superior Court in bonds of
J5OO by Police Judge Smith.
The defendant's attorney did not
put in any defense and did not ex
amine any of the witnesses. On ac
count of the defendant's youth an ef
fort will be made by his relatives to
have the case tried in the Juvenile
Court, instead of the Superior Court.
Rich is but 19 years of age.
the Case Tried In the Juve
nile Court.
Relatives Will Make Effort to Ilave
STANLEY RICH HELD
TO ANSWER FOR BURGLARY
BERKELEY. June 4.— A. Corcor
an, a plumber In the employ of E. H-
Driggs, was held up and robbed of
$18 75 last Wednesday evening near
the corner of Shattuck avenue on
Berkeley way. Corcoran asserts that
he was attacked by two masked high
wayman as he was returning- home late
in the evening. One covered him with
a revolver while the other rifled his
pockets. He hurried home, secured a
revolver and started on a hunt for the
robbers, but could ' get no trace of
them. .
The town peace officers are investi
gating the matter.
A. Corcoran Has a Battle .With
a Highwayman on the Streets '
of Berkeley.
PLUMBER IS ROBBED J
IX UNIVERSITY TOWN
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2MS Center Street. June 4.
Mrs. Bertha Calhoun reached Berke
ley this afternoon, and with five min
utes' good, live talking effectually de
molished the fine-spun yarn of murder,
suicide and arson which were advanced
by her neighbor? to account for her
supposed disappearance and the fire
which totally destroyed her home early
yesterday morning at 251S Telegraph
avenue. ¦ ¦
Mrs. Calhoun says that she has not
b*>en near her house since Monday last,
and as a consequence all those sorrow-
Ing: friends of hers who have been pok
ing: about through the charred timbers
of her home shed their tears for
naught.
'On Monday," said Mrs. Calhoun, "I
came over from San Francisco, where
I was stopping at the Lick House, and
ordered the water shut off, as my house
was vacant and I wished to spend a
brief time at the White Sulphur
Springs. On Tuesday I left for Vallejo,
and on Thursday I went to the springs.
I was not satisfied there, however, and
on Thursday I came down to the home
of my friend, Mrs. Anthony Bray of
112S East Fourteenth street, Oakland.
Friday morning I went to Haywards,
and from there look a train for San
Jose, intending to visit the springs at
Gilroy. This morning as I was about
to step aboard the train at San Jose for
Gilroy I purchased a Call and read the
account of the burning of my home.
That was the very firrt 1 knew of it.
"Instead of going on to Gilroy, I took
the very first train to San Francisco
and came right over to Berkeley to set
tle these stories about my disappear
ance."
County Tax Collector Barber has
placed all the teal property of the Con
tra Costa Water Company on the de
linquent tax. roll, and will sell it to the
State !f the taxes are not paid. After
County Assessor Dalton had assessed
the water in the reservoirs of the com
pany for 51,000,000, the company re
fused to pay the taxes thereon, and
allowed them to become delinquent.
advice of t Attorney General
U. S. Webb, Barber placed the property
of the company upon the delinquent
list and will sell it to the State. This
will force the company to redeem or
bring suit to test the legality of the
assessment.
Mayor Olney Is of the opinion that
this case will settle the question of how
far the City Council can go in fixing
values and rates of Interest to be al
lowed the company. The Council will
stand by its valuation of $4,700,000 and
will claim that the 6 per cent allowed
the company upon this valuation is
ample.
Mayor Olney, City Attorney McEl
roy and the special attorneys for the
city, William R. Davis and R. M. Fitz
gerald, spent the whole of to-day pre-"
paring for the hearing of the injunction
proceedings that will come up before
Judge Gilbert in the Circuit Court on
Tuesday. They have taken th.c affi
davits of all members of the City
Council and of several other members
of the city government to show that
due and proper consideration ' was
given to the fixing of the valuation of
the plant of the Contra Costa Water
Company, and the fixing of the water
rates that the company does not want
put in force. These affidavits will be
the principal evidence upon which the
city of Oakland will go before Judge
Gilbert in its opposition to the demand
for an 'injunction. This work of the
attorneys continued without interrup
tion all day ai^tl far into the nigrht.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
101G Broadway, June 4.
" Young Blake, who is 19 years of age,
has made his home in this city for six
teen years, His father, who was a car
penter, took his own life several years
ago.
Harry M. Gardinier. grandfather of
the lad. and Harry Gardinier, an uncle,
are endeavoring to raise the money to
secure the youth's release. Thus far
the prisoner has retained no attorney
to defend him, and refuses to divulge
any further details of the assaults
which he is accused of perpetrating.
Miss Kate Cronin said to-day that
when she was attacked on the 20th of
last February and her assailant was
stopped ten minutes later by a Mr. Ped
dlvr he admitted that his name was
Blake and asserted that he lived on
Oak street, but denied that he had at
tacked Miss Cronin. Peddler thereupon
allowed Blake to go. the young lady
affirms, and she did not think to tell
the police when the affair was reported
of the name that had been given by
the individual Peddler held up and
questioned.
ALAMEDA, June 4.— ln lieu of $650
bail Milton Blake, who Is charged with
battery by Miss Annie Seebeck and
Miss Kate Cronin and who is said by
the police to be the "Jack the Swatter"
that has terrorized and savagely at
tacked six women and children here
within the last four months, reposes in
the City Prison.
Harper was considerably under the
influence of. liquor and little credence
Is given to his story.
"I never saw this man before. He
came up to me while I w-as counting
some money I had collected arid asked
me for 10 cents. The money was not
mine" arid I- told him I would give him
nothing . ajid went^qn ( counting the
money, when I saw him swing at me.
I dodged, but did not get far enough
away." . •
Harper said: "I am a brakeman and
have been, working for the Mexican
Central. I have only been in town a
short tin.o and live at 762 Cameron
street. I asked this man for 10 cents
and he asaul^ed me."
In a short time both Harper and
Walker were at the Receiving Hospi
tal having their wounds attended to.
Drs. F. S. Stratton and A. S. Kelly im
mediately made an examination of the
injuries. Walker's cut was found to be
only superficial and a few stitches put
it on a fair way to recovery. Harper's
wound was more serious. The bullet
had entered the fle.shy part of the
thigh, passing under the pelvic arch.
It is expected that he will "recover.
Both are young men. Harper being
but 19 years of age and Walker 22. In
giving versions of the affair. - Walker
said:
The act was seen by a number of
men and Harper started to rundown
Eighth street toward Franklin with
the bloody knife blade still in his hand.
Policeman H. H. Caldwell happened to
be fn a barber shop near by, when he
was told of the affair. With his "face
lathered, coatless and hatless, he ran
after Harper and commanded him to
stc-p. No heed was given to the com
mand, however. Drawing his pistol,
Caldwell fired at Harper when imme
diately in front of the Tribune office,
where the newsboys , were waiting for
the afternoon papers. Harper was
seen to stagger and fell just as Cald
well reached his side.
A stabbing and shooting affair, in
which one man was cut in the neck
and a second brought down by a po
liceman's bullet, took place in the^ heart
of the city at 4 o'clock this afternoon
In sight of several hundred people.
William Walker, driver of a milk
wagon, while counting some money he
had collected on Eighth street between
Broadway and Washington streets was
accosted by Harley Harper, a young
railway brakeman out q£ employment,
who asked Walker for 10 cents. His
request was refused. Suddenly Harper
made a swing at Walker with a knife,
the blad^ taking effect under Walker's
chin. ¦•¦¦-.. •
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 4. '
Says She Was Traveling for
Health and Had Not Visit
ed Home Since 3londay
31iss Kale Crouiii Asserts
That Her Assailant Gave
Same Name as Prisoner
Contra Costa Water Com
pany Will Not Pay on Sev
eral of Its Assessments
TAXES. ABE DELINQUENT
CLEARS AWAY MYSTERY
ll.' IL Caldwell Brings Down
the Fleeing' Man With a
Bui Jet on Crowded Street
POLICEMAN TAKES HAND
LANGUISHES IN PBISON
William Walker Is Cut and
Harley Harper Shot "While
He Is; Making His Escape
Returns to Berkeley and
Dismisses Friends Who
Look for Charred Corpse
Alleged "Jack the Swatter'
Experiences Difficulty in
Securing Any Cash Bail
Preparing to Go Before
Judge Gilbert in Oppo
sition to the In junction
MRS. CALHOUN
IS MUCH ALIVE
YOUNG BLAKE
SEEKS RELEASE
COUNCIL MAKES
ITS AFFIDAVITS
SHOOTING IN
HEART OF CITY
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO'CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE- 5, 1904.
Each Chinese schoolboy must fur
nish his own stool and table for school
work and the "four precious articles,"
which are the Ink slab, a cake of India
Ink, a brush for, wrltting and" paper.
With these he bepins his weary task of
learning to write and read the thou
sands • of | Chinese characters. These
are to open the ¦ way. to the Chinese
classics and a knowledge pi this an;
c!ent literature, .c-d . wisdom _. means
education to the Chinese^ At the open
ing of a Chinese school a paper on
which is .written the name of Con
fucius Is pasted on the wall. . Before
this honored name the pupils and
Routine of a Chinese School.
The Government of Holland has In
troduced a bill to reduce drunkenness.
Persons under 18 are prohibited from
entering a public house unless accom
panied by an»adult. '"\ " :
Boy<rr "Most Stand Trial.
OAKLAND, June 4. — Judge Smith,
overruled the demurrer of Attorney
J. H. Boyer this morning, and the
defendant must stand trial on the
charge of criminal libel, preferred by
Constable Bert Hempstead. The case
was set for trial June 22.
Wives Given Divorces.
40
1; -f;,J. /*:.-. V . ADVEBTISEMENTS. •
._ _ * , is her nature to love
~.— tl •'*• i ,-¦ • • beautiful and
pure. The critical ordeal through which the expectant mother nm.t
'S^'a^^Vu •°. f^ v 5 ht wit^ dread » P a >°. suffering and danger,
that.the very thought of it fills her with apprehension and horror!
Jr^nL Sn ° neC^u tyfort , here P roduction of life to be «ther painfu!
S/SS roUfc 6 u USC ?f? f Othcr>a Frlcnd » prepares the system for
gLT^CdLfi? J? ls safely passed withouj^ My dang "- Thb
of women through '•¦' r
crisis without sufferini?. BT wmm O .. g§
npnceles* value to all exp*ct*nt mothers. j|i mS §&*•"* mSf BK KB at
Tl» Bradfleld Regulator C»., Atlanta, 6a. m m W
Be^-ins. :
NEXT SUNDAY CAlili.
IH ust rated by Bert Levy, the
Famous Jewish Sketch Ar-,'
tlst of Australia. > : .'
Jfew Novel by an Author Who
~ Has l Aihl His Own Life
- ' Secrets l Bare.
EZRA ' S. BBUDXO.
THE FUGITIVE.
"PLAYMATES"
THE NEXT FREE ART SUPPLEMENT WITH
THE SUNDAY CALL.
- ¦ ' ¦
"PLAYMATES."
E. Louyot's "Playmates" is a scene of home life which will appeal to all lov-
ers of children and pets. It illustrates the sympathy which exists between children
and their animal playmates, and suggests the charm which the ingenuous play of the
little ones may bring into home life. It shows also that imitation of what they have
observed in the lives of their parents influences in a remarkable degree their own
actions. In putting the puppy to bed in her doll's cradle the little girl is following the
example of her mother's care for her little brother, which she has daily observed.
Although her offspring seems to be an unwilling partner to the play, the canine mother
does not seem greatly concerned, for she has doubtless been often associated with the
children in their games, and knows that they mean no harm.
The picture is one which bespeaks the artist's cheerful temperament. Into a com-
monplace scene, he has infused something of the sympathy which he must have for the
homely joys of domestic life. His color also indicates a genial fondness for what is
pleasing and cheerful. It is varied and brilliant, simple and unaffected and not devoid
of refinement. There is even a certain subtlety in the placing of the blue-green and
yellow-green notes of the cupboard and the cradle together in the picture and balanc-
ing them with a mass of the blue apron on the opposite side of the picture. Effects of
studied arrangement are also to be found in the judicious placing of the various notes
of red, brown and yellow.
The works of this promising young artist are not yet familiar in this country, as
there is so great a demand that they are generally sold to collectors and dealers as soon
as they are completed, and he has -frequently so many advance orders for his pictures
that his customers have to wait many months before they can have the . satisfaction of
possessing one of his interesting productions.
His models are taken from his own household— even the animals, which he Is
fond of introducing into his compositions. His familiarity with them is unquestion-
¦'¦¦¦¦ ably the secret of his remarkable success in painting them.
FREE WITH tffcXT SUNDAY'S CALL
•¦¦¦
All News Agents, Train Newsboys, Etc., Etc., Sell the Great Sunday Call.Continued on 'Puge 4T.
Nezv York Money Market.
NEW TOnK. June- 4. — Money, on call was
ru-mrnal- ro lr<ac«. Time loans .were ea*y.
wJUi sixty and ninety day Mils at l*i(l2V t
TH-r cent and six months at 3R3Vi'per tent.
Pr'.me mercantile paper. 31i«r4% per rent.
Sterling exchange was firm, with actual, busi
ness In banker*' bills ' *t $4.8760 for demand
*nd at $4^563 for ; sixty-day bills. Posted
r»vea. $4 oO^i S6% aad J4 fcS. Commercial
The demand for new Potatoes , was less
urgent" than- on 'the preceding day, as most
shipping orders had been filled, but- as re
ceipts were moderate prices were maintained
and the market was * pretty well cleaned up
at. the close. Strictly fancy lots of old Oregon
Burbanks ,were in . good request and readily
commanded- the' top quotation, while , poor and
off lots continued to drag at .unsteady rates.
Bed Onions were plentiful, but steady. New,
Potatoes, Onions *and Vegetables.
EASTERN MARKETS.
i HIDES- AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %©lo under quotations. Heavy. Salted
Steers 9%c: medium. S%c; light.' Sc; Cow
Hides 8c for heavy and 8c for light; Stags,
flc- Salted KI5. 9c: Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf He; dry Hides. 16c: dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 23@30c each;
short Wool. 40@C5c each: medium, 70090c: long
Wool $1@1 SO; Horse Hides, salt, $2 75 lor
large" and $2®2 CO for medium, $1 25@l 75 for
small and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry,
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $1@1 23
for small and 50e for Colts. Buejc Skins— Dry
Mexican 30c: dry Salted Mexican, 23c; dry
Central 'American. ' 30@32%c. Goat Skins-
Prime Angoras. 1 75c; large , and smooth. 60c;
medium, 85c; small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. WSiftc per lb;
No 2. SH^e^grease. 2%®3c.
WOOL— Spring" Clip— San Joaquln and South,
ern 12 months'- 9@llc; do 7 months', : 8ai0o
per' lb; Middle Counties. 12@16o for .free and
11014c for defective: Northern. 15@17c for free
and 13©15c for defective; Nevada. 12@15c, ac
cording to condition. '- ¦¦-.;•;
HOPS— Jobbing at 27%«30c per la forCall-
Hides, Tallow, Wool and -Hops.
The output of the Ophlr mine last week
amounted to 328 mining cars of first-class ore.
assaying $S3 44 per ton. and 5S cars of second
class ore, assaying $16 81. The yield for the
previous week was 354 can of first-class ore,
assaying $61 94. and 44 cars of second-class
ore assaying $21 15.
The California Standard Oil Company stock
holders are being notified that the associated
stock held by the company is ready for dis
tribution among them. The total amount of
such holdings Is $350,000. The Standard has
been disincorporated and will go out of ex
istence.
California- street Cable will pay a 75c divi
dend to-morrow and Alaska Packers* Associa
tion one of $1 on the 13th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. June 4—12 tn.
• ¦UNITED STATES BONDS.
Btd. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 107 107% 4s qr cp new.l32Hl^J%
4s qr reg.. .108 106% 3s qr coup... — 108
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 68.101 — lOak T Co 6s.ll9%
Bay CPC 6s. — 103 Do 5s — 113%
Cal C O 58.190 103 I Do con 5s. — 103
Cal G & E x - iCceanlo S 5s. 85 — .
Everything In the stock line was dull yes
terday and quotations showed little variation.
Sales on the California Exchange last week
were 17,577 shares, valued at $10,057. the lead
ing rales being as follows: Independence,
2010 shares; Junction, 2500; Monte Crlsto. 5700;
Oil City Petroleum, 3500; Senator, 2000; Sov
ereign. 12C0.
The Stock and Bond Exchange has listed tha
authorized Issue or $28,C0O.0CO ¦ Spring Valley
Water Company new general mortgage 4 per
cent gold bonds, of which there are $3,000,000
now outstanding.
The gross earnings of the United Railroads
of San Francisco for April were $569.eO9. an
increase of $51,142. or 9.8B per cent, as com
pared with April. 1903. The groas earnings for
the four months ending April 30 were $2,112.
966, an Increase of $178,565. or 9.23 per cent,
as compared with the corresponding period last
year.
Nezv Water Bond Issue Now
Listed 011 the Board.
The week closed dull and unchanged. The
Chicago letter of Mitchell, Mulcahy & Co. said :
"It was a rather quiet market and the
heaviness in grain discouraged further outside
buying and there waa some selling by local
traders who bought yesterday. Receipts of
hogs are about the same as a year ago and
shipments Of products not much different. It
was a dull market on the whole and with no
great Improvement In Its general tone or In
the class of speculative buying."
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 9%c per lb for
heavy. 10c for light medium. 12c for light.
KiUc for extra light and 15®16c for sugar
cured: Eastern eugar-cured Hams. 13c; Cali
fornia Hams, 12@12%c; Mess Beef,: | 10O
10 50 per bbl: extra Mess. $1101160: Family..
S12@12 60; prime Mess Pork, $14; extra clear.
$23- Mess, $17 50; Dry Salted Pork, 9Vic; Pig-
Pork. $26; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 14o
Pe LARD^-T!erces quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound and 8%c for pure; half -barrels, pure.
l%c; 10-lb tins. OVic; 6-ll> Una. 9%c; S-lb tins)
9 V»C
One h»lf barrel. 8%c; three
half barrels 8%c: one tierce, 8%c; two tierces.
8c* five tierces,. 7%c per Ib.
Provisions.
STOCK MAEKET.
Fltchburg pfd 133 |Dal" West 23%
Mex Central 6%|Dom Coal 59
N Y. N H & H..187 iFranklln 7
Union Pacific 82% Grancy 3U
Miscellaneous — i s i e Royale 7%
Anur Arse Chem. 14 Ma» Mining .... 3%
E>o pfd 74 Michigan ......... 3*
Amer Pneu Tube. 4 H Mohawk ....J 39
Amer Sugar 125% Mont Coal & Coke 3%
Do pfd 124% Old Dominion ... 12
An-er Tel & Tel. 125 O»ce.o!a 86%
Amer Woolen ... 10 Parrot 23%
Do pfd 74 Qulncy 80
Dom Iron AS... 9 Shannon 6%
Ed Elect Ilium... 234 ITamarack 80
Gen Electric 154%|Trinlty 3%
Mass Electric... 18 IU S Mining .... 10%
Do pfd 68%|U S OH 9%
Mass Gas 39%j Utah 34
United Fruit 109%|VIctoria 2U
Un Shoe Mach... 4S%|Wlnona 5%
Do pfd 29 I Wolverine 70
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money.. »0% N Y Central 117%
Do for acct 90S Nor A Western... 65%
Anaconda 3% Do pfd ...:.... $9
Atchison 70% Ont &. Western... 23%
Do pfd 05 Pennsylvania 88 M>
Bal A Ohle." Sn% Rand Mlhes 10%
Can Pacific 120*i Reading 22%
Ches A Ohio 30% Do ¦ let pfd.. ... S9Vi
Chi Great West.. 14% Do 2d pfd 89'
Chi. Mil A St P.143>4 So Railway 20%
Do Beers 19% Do» pfd 85
Den A Rio G. ... 20 So Pacific 46%
Do pfd 69 Union Paciflo .... 85%
Erie 24 Do pfd 93%
Do 1st pfd 68% U S Steel 9%
Do 2d pfd 85 Do pfd 65%
HI Central 183 Wabasb 16
Louis A Nash. ..100% Do pfd 34U
M. K A Texas... 16% •
Bar stiver" — Quiet. ; 25 5-16d per ounce
Money— I%ff2 per cent
The rate of discount In the open market for 1
short bills Is 2 11-18 per cent and for three
months' bills 2 11-16 per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
/
NEW TORK, June 4. — FLOUR— Receipts,
13.000 barrels; exports, 10,800 barrels. Steady,
but Inactive. Minnesota Patents. $3 10@5 35;
Minnesota bakers', $4Q4 20; winter patents,
$5 1*25 40; winter straights, $4 90@5; winter
extras. $3 35@4; winter low grades, $3 15®
8 80.
WHEAT — Receipts, 6000 bushels: exports.
18.400 bushels. Spot, barely steady: 2
red, nominal, elevator: No. 2 red. $1 14%,
nominal, f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Du
luth. $1 06% f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Manitoba, nominal, f. o. b. afloat. Options
opened stronger on the c-rop and weather
situation, but the market reacted and for the i
rest of the session reflected profit taking- sales. 1
Th<» close was %<g>%c under the previous night.
July. 93^©tH%c. . cloned l»3»ic; September.
S3*«(?Sfl ll-16c, closed 85%c; December.
S5V, 5J88c, closed 83%c.
HOPS — Dull; State, common to choice 11)03
crop, 26S?35c; 1902 crop. 23®2Gc; olds. 9<ffl4c;
Pacific Coast. l»03 crop, 24B>30c; 1902 crop,
23lT26c.
HIDES — Steady; Galveston. 20 to 25 pounds,
ISc; California. 21 to 25 pounds, 19c; Texas
dry. 24 to 30 pounds, 14c.
WOOL — Steady; domestic fleece 2S@32c.
PETROLEUM— Steady; refined New York.
8S?10c: Philadelphia and Baltimore, Sig'lOc.
, COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7. 6%c; mild,
steady; Cordova, 994612c. The coffee futures
market closed steady, net unchanged: to 5 points
lower. Total sales 16.750 bags, Including:
July. 5.55c; September, 5.G0@ft.65c; December,
6.f.0c; March. 6.35c: May, 6.55c.
SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair reflninj, 3 7-lCc;
centrifugal, 90 test, 3 15-lCc; molasses sugar.
3 3-16c; refined, steady. No. 6, 4.55c; No. 7,
4.50c;No. 8, 4.45c;No. 9, 4.40c; No. 10. 4.P.5c;
No. 11. 4.30c; No. 12. 4.25c; No. 18, 4.20c:
No. 14, 4.15c; confectioners' A, 4.30c; mold
A. 5.30c; cut loaf. 5.65c; crushed, 5.65c;
powdered, 6.05c; granulated. 4.03c; cubes, 5.20c.
DRIED FRUIT8.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market re
mains unchanged, with common quoted at 4@>
B%c; prime. 5%@5%c; choice, 6@C%c, and
fancy. 7c.
PRUNES — Remain quiet, with prices rang
ing from +\c to 6%c. according to grade.
APRICOTS — Attract only a moderate de
mand, but stocks are pretty well cleaned up
and holders eeem confident. Choice are quoted
at 9%gl0c; extra choice. 10%@ll%c; fancy,
naiac.
PEACHES — Are not plentiful and. while de
mand Is light, prices show a firm undertone.
Choice are quoted at 7®754c; extra choice, ,
7%®Sc; fancy, 9%@10c
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. June 4. — To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances In the general
rued, exclusive of the $150,000,000 cold re
serve in the division of redemption, shows
available cash balance. $164,001,305; gold, $71,
118.719.
Movement of Specie.
NEW YORK, June 4. — Imports of specie at
New York during the week (five days) were
$19,992 gold and $28,647 silver.
NEW YORK, June 4. — Exports of specie
from New York for the week (five days) were
$781,640 silver and $641,685 gold.
Netv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. June 4. — Cotton futures opened
weAk, with a decline of 7@22 points and
closed steady at a net decline of 2C'«M5 points.
Neiv York Dry Goods.
NEW YORK, June 4. — Total Imports of dry
roods and general merchandise at this port for
the week (five days) ending to-day were valued
kt (9,907,436.
Nezu York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, June 4. — The limited move
ment In metals to-day developed no new fea
tures. Copper Is quiet and ejisy; lake, $12 87%;
electrolytic. $12 62%; casting. $12 37%@12 50.
Tin, dull; spot. $27 12%<?27 37%.
Spelter, easy; spot, $1 87%@5.
Lead. $4 3504 40.
Iron, unchanged; warrants, $9 12%.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, June 4. — Influenced by heavy
realizing sales, grain markets were weak
here to-day. Initial sales in July wheat were
%c to %c up at 89Vic to 89%c. The causes of
the opening firmness were higher cables and
continued rains West and Southwest. After
the first five minutes of trading, however, the
market broke sharply, July selling down to
88%c. For some time the market held steady
around this figure. Later in the day prices
declined still further, July dropping to t>8%c,
where it closed at a net loss of lc.
Fear for the future corn crop so far as the
effect <m the corn of heavy rains Is concerned
seemed to have largely abated to-day and
there was no lack of offerings at the opening.
The close showed a rally to 49%®49%c, 1W4P
l%c under yesterday's final figure.
In oats, as in wheat and corn, profit* taking
was the dominant disposition. The close
showed a loss in July of %c at 33% / h30%c, a
ehade above the bottom.
Trading In provisions was only moderate
and the feeling was easier. Free offerings and
a limited demand neutralized the effect of an
Improved hog situation and the market fol
lowed the tendency of groins.. September
pork closed 12%c lower, lard showed a loss of
7%c and ribs were down 5c..
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2—
July, old 80T4 90% 89H 89%
July, new 89% 83% 83% R8%
September, old. 8»H 84% 83% 83%
September, now. 83% , 83% 82% 82H
Corn, No. 2 —
June 48%
July 61% 6U4 49% 49%
September 49% 49% 48% 48%
Oats. No. 2 —
June 42
July <0% 40% 89% 39%
September 31% 81% 31% 31&
Mess pork, per bbl —
July ., 11 65 11 60 11 47% 11 62U
September 1185 1185 11 70 1175
Lard, per 100 lbe—
July 6 47% 6 47% 6 40 8 42M?
September 6 62% 6 65 6 55% 6 57%
Short ribs, per 100 lbs—
July 6 70 6 75 6 65 f 6 67%
September 6 87% 6 92% 0 85 ' 6 87%
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, June 4. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour firm; winter patents
$4 7004 80; straights, $4 40Q4 60; spring
patents. $4 30@4 70: straights. $3 i>0@4 30;
bakers. $2 6563 30; No. 2 spring wheat, 94®
97c; NO.-3. 90(£t92%c; No. 2 red, $1 0i@l 06-
No. 2 corn, 40%c: No. 2 yellow, 60Vic; No 3
white oats. 42®43%e; No. 2 rye, 75c; good
feeding- barley. S8@42c; fatr to choice • malt-
Ing 48®5uc: No. 1 flaxseed. $1; No. 1 North
west $1 06%; prime timothy seed, $3; mess
pork' per bbl, $11 45€ | U 50; lard, per 100 lbs,
$t! 35#0 37%; short' ribs sides (looee), $6 50©
6 75- short clear sides (boxed), -$0 50@C 75; *
whifky. basis of hUh wines, $1 28; clover,
contract srade. $10 78. ' . . ,
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 8,700 -.-18.500 1
Wheat, bu ...16,300 19,300.
Corn, bu ................ 653,600 442,100
FOR SATURDAY. JUNE 4.
Flour, qr sks .. 12.445 Feed, ska 326
Wheat, ctls .... 444 Shorts, sks ... 100
Barley, ctls .... 8,507 Rye. ctls 635
Corn ctls 4S Hides. No 686
beans sks 2.447 Pelts, No ISO
Potatoes, sks .. 4,178 Leather rolls .. Ill
Onions sks ... 403! Lime, bbls .... "JO
Bran sks 5451 Wine, gal Vfif>
Middllnn». eks.. euGITallow. ctla ...
Hay tons .... 3921 Powder, cs .... • 80
Wool balea ... 398 1 Quicksilver, flks. 67
OREGON, v
Potatoes, sks .. 304| / _
WASHINGTON. - .
Bran, sks 1.74i|
Receipts of Produce.
FRUITS — Apricots. ?©10e for Royals and
9Q12c for Moorpark*: Evaporated Apples. 4Vi©
6c; sun-dried. 3®4%c: Peaches, 7@8c;
Pears 8%®12c; Figs, white, 2%@3o In boxes;
black. 4%c: Plums, pitted. 5<»i»*e per lb.
PRUNES — 1903 crop, 2'<j2«4o for the four
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices Fresno for 1901
crop (subject to change without notice) are aa
follows: 60-lb boxes-^Loose Muscatel. 4-crown,
4c per lb: 3-crown. 4%c: 2-crown. 4c; Malaga,
loose 3-crown. 4c; 2-crown. 39ic: Thompson's
seedless 4c; seedless Sultanas. 3%o: Seedless
Muscatels. 3%c; do floated, 3%c; Seeded Rais
ins 16-oz cartons, fancy. 6%c: choice. 5V4c:
12-o» cartons, fancy. 4%c: choice. 4Hc; in
bulk, fancy. 6Vio; choice. 6c; Imperial clus
ters $3- Dehesa. $2 60; fancy, :$2; London
Layers, 3-crown. $1 35; 2-crown. $1 25.
NUTS^ — Walnuts. No. 1 eoftshell. 13%@14c;
No 2 ll%@12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13@l3%c;
No' 2, ll@ll%c; Almonds. ll%c for Nonpa
reil's ll'.^c for I X L, lie for Ne -Plus Ultra
and'9»4c for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6@7c .for
Eastern; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts,- $4 B0«3.
HONEY — Comb. llU012%c for white and
10<fflllc for amber; water'whlte extracted, 6Q
6c; light amber extracted, 4%®5c; dark,
3%*ff4c
BEESWAX— 27®29c per Ib.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisinf,Honey.
m A ct Ss. 81% 83% Om Cable 6*. — 123^1
Caj-st C U. — 113 Pac O Im 4s. 92 —
C C Wat As. — 101 V B Ry 6s.lO4%lC5K
EdLiP 6sl23%123 P * C II fls.105 —
F & C H es.114% — P * O R 6s.ll9 —
Geary-st 5s.. — 63 Powcll-st 6s. — 114.
H CA3 5%s.lOO — Sao EGAR59. 96% 99
DoSs 99 S7% SF & SJV5S.11S —
Hon R T es.105 — Sierra R 6a.. — 112\|
L A Etec 5s. — 103 3 P of A 6s
L A Ry os.111% — (1909) 10S —
L A L Co Cs — — (1910) 1O» —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s I
Do gtd 5s.lC2% — (19C5)Sr A. 102 — |
LAP lem 68.101 — h9C3)Sr B.103 —
Mkt-st C 6s. — 119% h906) 104% —
Do lem Cs.lUH — (1912) — 113*
MVfc MtT5s.l01% — SPC 1 eg Ss.llO —
NRR of C6s.lO«% — Do stmpd..lO8 —
Do 8s 116H117 8 P B R 8s. 1.11% —
N P C R Us. — 103% S W Vat Os.lOt 109
N C Ry 5s.H0 — Do 4a 2dm. 98 SOtf
N C P C 5s. 9fl — Do 49 3dm. — 99
N S R R Us. 9.1*4100 Do gn mg4s 97% 98^4
O G L&H 5s.lO7 — Stkn GAEHs. — 101
O Wgtd 5s. — — U O & E 3s. — — .
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 83 40 IVort Costa... — — I
Marln Co... — 60 IS V Wat Co. 87H — !
OA3 AND ELECTRIC. !
Cent L & P. 3*i 4 S F Q fc D. 80% — i
Mutual B L. 12H 12T4 Stkn O A B. 3 — :
Pao L Co... B6% — V O A E Co. — — |
INSURANCE. >
Ftrem's Fcd.SOO 340 | - '
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nil Dk~123 150 L P A A... .130 160
Anglo-Cal .. 83% 8«% Mer Trust.... — 220
Bank of Cal. — 435 Merch Ex.... 80 —
Cal Safe Dp.143 147% S F Nation!. — —
First Nation! — — ;
SAVINGS BANKS.
Oer S A L. 22.90 2330 3av A L Bo. — ICO
Hum SAL. — ' — Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav.lOO — Union T Co.. — —
S F Bar U.625 — |
STREET RAILROADS. ;
California ..190 — tPrestdlo 33M> — i
Geary — 60 |
POWDER.
Giant 60»; ClHlVigorlt *\ —
SUGAR. -
Hana. P Co. — 30c IKilaaea S C. — 4
Hawaiian C. 49% 50 IMakawell C. 21 1; 23
Honokaa S C 12 — jOnomea S C. 2-4 27 '¦¦%
Hutch SPC 8% 9 IPaauhau S C. 13'~i 14
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.137 140 Oceanic S Co. — 4%,
; Cal F C A. — 10O Pac Aux FA. 5 «
Cal Win* A. — 90 Pac C Borx.153 161U
MVA MtTm.100 —
Morning Session.
Board —
SOB F Gas A Electric 60 50
10 Spring Valley Water Co 87 73
$8,000 Cal O A E Gen M A C T 5s.. 83 00
Street —
CO Giant Powder Con 61 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. 68H 09%|8 P C R 4s.. — 100
B L Wat 63.115 — IS P Co 4%s. 98% —
Cal NW 5s.. — 112 |Sun Tel 6s. .113 —
M C Wat 5s.lOO — ( Do 6» — 1C3
RIs I WksSs — 107%|Suttr-et R3s.lO5~ 113
8F Drdk 3s — 113% UR of SF 4s. 78% — '
SF & NP-Sa. — Ul%i
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala 8 Co... — 80 |Mat Nav Co. 03
Cal Cot Mils 80 87 Nev Nat Bk. — 20O
Cal GAECor. — 47% N S R R Co. 9U —
Cal Powder.. — 150 N Cal P Co. 10U H \ I
Cal Ship Co. 21 27 Oak Bk 8av.ll2U — '
Cal T I A T.115 — Oak T Con.. 75 •
Cen Bk. Oai — «3 IOOF Hall A 6 —
Chutes Co .. — 7% Orpheum Co. — lgta
City A C Bk. — 112 iPacC Cas Co.120 —^
Cyp L Imp.. 6% — I Pac S TeK.lOO
East Drum.. — 250 Paraf Paint.. 38
DpntPw<| pfd — 90 S F Drydock 60
Do com .. — 60 SFASJ Coal. 25 32^
FN Bk. Oak.120 — IS J Wat Co. — 103^
Fischer Thtr 40o — SO A MTgbt.125 — ,
Frnch-A Bk.106 — | Swiss- A Bk.113 —
Gaa Con A.. — 22 Truck Elect.. — 13 1
Hono P Co.. 14 — CR InC pfd. 44% ¦
LonA SF Bk — 60 | Do com ... » — ;
Morning Session.
Board —
S"O,CCO United R R of S V 4 per cent. . 73 62^|
California Stock and OilExchange.
Oil- Stocks— Bid. AskeA.
Apello 4«
Associated Trust Cert IS 19
Aztec .... 3a
California Standard 12
Caribou 4 o0
Central Point Con 63
Chicago Crude ..4 .». 19 20
Claremont .... <s.',
'Four 63 7O
Fulton 2 30
Giant 15 ....
Hanford 190 00 195 00
Horns 152%
Imperial 17 50
Independence 28 29
Junction 1:1
Kern 4 75 ....
Kern River 10 25 ....
Lion . ., OS
Monarch of Arizona 40
Monte Crlsto 63
Occidental of W Va 12
Oil City Petroleum 61 65
Peerless 11 < <>
Pittsburg 13
Reed Crude 1 30
S F A McKlttrick 3 23
Senator fi - t&
Sovereign 3l»
Sterling 2 CO
Superior CJ
Thirty-thrse 8 23
Twenty-eight ".'.'.'.'.'. '.'.'.'....'.'. « 00 873
West Shore 2 30
Associated Bonds 79 0©
Wabash , Si
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land A Improvement 1 M
California Jockey Club W> Ort
Chutes Company 8 00
Cyprers Lawn Imp 8 Cut, ....
FIjcIw's Theater W ....
Northern Cal Power 10 73 ...;
Morning Session.
1000 F-nator • •*
10CO Oil City Petroleum 63
SAN FRANCISCO 3T0CK EXCHANGE.
Following were the salea on the San Fran-
Washington Crop Bulletin.
The report cf O. N. Salisbury, section di
rector of Use Catted States Weather Bureau,
for the Washington Crop Bulletin, week ended
May 31. Is as follows: . . __
The week waa one of moderately warm days
and cool nights tr.d was entirely without ram
In all district*. Frosts ocrunrd In many parts
cf the State on the 24th *r,d 25th particularly
in the eastern division of the State. » hlch
were taoet severe In Siv.ks».e aod locallOe. of
¦Whitman. Walla Walla and Columbia rounJw.
Strawberries were badly injured and tender
vegetables were cut to the ground. In a few
fields wheat wta slightly injured.
On the whole Uvs week was favorable for
rrowth. although th-ri is a g^eral w* I of
rain Mo»t crops made good progress, "tt inter
wheat continue In excellent conf^lon^ and
errfnr wheat and oats have grown, although
ilowir Rain Is needed for the germination
rf late-sown wheat and vwtable*. Pastures
and i=e«<Jows en uplands show need of rain.
but tie premise of a hay crop Is good. Hope
ere doing nicely, but were badly beaten iV
e^Tsam winds. The prun* crop in Clarke county
•t believed to be a failure.
Bank Clearings.
L*ca! Bar.k Clearings for the week Just ended
wrre $2« 351 7S4, agalnet $29,5(55,793 during th«*
estne w*ek last y»*r. shewing a decrease of
$3 214. 0C5 The clearings for the corresponaiEg
week in 19C2 were 823,251.486.
Weather Report.
(T20th Meridian— Parfflo Time.) ,
SAN FRANCISCO. June 4. 3 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the preceding day
from Eastern cities:
Boston C4-54j<ew Orleans 86-76
Cincinnati S8-72 "hilaoelphla 72-64
Jacksonv.i!l» 90-74 CVaehington »8-nZ
Ftr-cj City 72-C4 Vew York 74-64
THE COAST RECORD.
— g K D 05 -fl
3 =3=| 3=± »o S
STATION* | HP g3 r |
.— — * c
; c c .; ; p
*-¦¦"¦•'.•¦;* 1 '. *
Baker SO. 06 70 43 NW dear .00
Carson 29.92 72 48 E Clfar .00
Kxireka 29. 9« «2 4S NW Clear -CO
Freeno 29.74 ?S €0 W Clear .00
EE Farallon..2».S5 58 S3 NW Clear .00
FlagstafT ».82 til 40 W Cioudy .00
P-x-atello 30.08 63 44 NW Pt.Cldy Tr.
Independence 29.82 -62 52 NW Oar .00
Los AngW»"8..2S>.h2 SO CO W Clear .00
Mt Tamalpais.23.83 83 64 NW Clear .00
North Head... 30. 12 6G 50 NW Clear .00
Phoenix 29. «S 94 68 NW Clear .00
Point Rryes..2».bO 74 50 NW Clear .00
r>ortliind so rv» SO 62 NW Clear .OJ
Red Bluff 2S».82 »2 70 N Clear .00
P.cseburg SO. 00 82 46 N Clear .00
Facramcnto ..29.80 SS 68 NW Clear .00
Fait Lake 30.00 66 46 NW Clear .01
San Francisco.29.e2 90 «4 W Clear .CO
8 L. Obispo. .29.80 80 62 N Clear .00
Fan Diego 29.82 6S CO SW Cloudy .00
battle 30.12 74 48 NW Clear .04
F-«5kane SO. 08 76 48 W Pt.Cldy .04
Tatno«h 00.14 60 M> SW Cloudy .00
Walla. Walla.. 80.O2 80 56 E Clear .00
tvmxienjucca -30.00 72 40 NE Clear .00
Tunia 23.68 98 66 NW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Warm weather prevails ovtr California north
cf the Tehachapl. In the «rreat valley after
noon temperatures range from 90 to 100 de
grees and In the San Francisco Bay district
about »0 degrees.
The pressure U falling slowly over the north
em half of the Pacific Coast.
No rain has fallen weet of the Rocky M»un
tt!r.s
A thunderstorm Is reported at Flagstaff.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours enfilng midnight. Jena 5:
Northern California^ — Fair Sunday: continued
warm weather; freeh northerly wind.
Southern California— Fair Sunday: cloudy
sUorg tBe coast In the morning; light soutn
west wind.
Veva^a — Fair Sunday; continued warm.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Sunday;
cooler at night; light north winds, changing to
brisk westerly.
Jl. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
J? S 2 g mt
£9 ?2 i • * ¦
= 3 53 § & |f
ETATTOXS. ||l| o | g
j : s : •¦
Colusa 91 CS .... Clear .00
Eureka 62 48 NW Clear .00
Frerno i.... 98 «0 NW Clear .00
Jlanford 99 79 .... Clear .00
HolUBter 98 4» W Clear .00
5 ndep»-n<lence K2 52 NW Clear .00
King City 101 45 N Ofear .00
Uvi-rraore 33 C8 N <fear .00
Los Angelas 80 00 W Clear .00
Napa 100 vs, N Clear .00
Newman 102 CH N Clear .00
Palermo W 59 ..... Clear .00
Porterville 9" «4 W Clear .00
Red BluS. 92 70 N Oar .00
Riverside S7 r.5 Clear .00
Sacramento SS «l NW Clear .00
San Diego ?» CO PW Cloudy .00
Ban Francisco »0 64 W Clear .00
San Jose 68 WI .... Clear .00
San Luis Obispo 80 f»2 N Clear . .00
Kacta Roea 96 62 N Clear .00
Stockton »0 72 .... Clear .00
Ventura 80 05 .... Foguy .00
Willows 92 72 N Clear .00
. WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
HolHster — Cherries ripening fast; Ilrht crop;
¦rood quality.
Hanford — I^ante berry crop: good prospects
for irrain and fruits.
Ventura — Bean crop Injured by heavy winds
of past few day*.
Hlvcrelde— Crops making good growth on ac
count of warmer nights.
Colusa — Barley yield seems light; peaches
¦n<5 apricots will be very email crop.
Ftockton — Lerre shipment of -potatoes ar
riving In locaS market; pricee rtlll firm.
Newman — Conditions unfavorable.
Pan Jose— Aerararus about all in; crop fair.
PaJe.rrco — Early cherries about all gone. .
Napa — Grapes looking fine; promise "- rood
yield. -
Santa Ren — Crop conditions unchanged ;
north wind etepped blnwinjr: outlook rood-
Lilverroor* — Hot north wind damaging- grain.'
especially barley.
Willowe — Harvesting barley.
A. G. McADIE. Section Director.
WHEAT — In spite of the sensational news j
from Kansas and other Southwestern sections
regarding crop damage by floods, Chicago sold
i off under profit- taking. Wires from Kansas
said that the damage to crops by water in
¦ the Neosho Valley was enormous and that
farmers were compelled to leave their homes
in boats.
The Chicago letter of Mitchell, Mulcahy &
Co. eald: "Cables did not respond to the
advance here yt<u»rday and although there
were further hravy rains west, southwest and
northwest, and the market opened up rather
sharply, the general tone was disappointing
and the close was rather heavy. Of course,
being Saturday, and the shorts having covered
freely yesterday, there was more or less scat
tered liquidation of long stuff. While further
showers, are predicted and generally unsettled
conditions seem to prevail, holders are rather
nervous in view of the possibility of better
weather. Some reports about rainfall in
the southwest are sensational. Any material
damage does not necessarily follow. Kansan
had worse 'floods laat year and- still harvested
a large crop. - Conditions elsewhere are gen
erally favorable. Broomhall estimates the
world's shipments at 9,600,000 bushels and says
that further rains are needed In Southeastern
Europe. The weather will likely be the Im
portant factor. for the immediate future."
In this market the cash grain was firmly
held and futurca were higher, owing to the
hot drying north wind.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 2501 32%; California
White Australian. $lfi2%«157%: Northern
Club. $1 3081 40; Noohern Bluestem, $1 50
@1 65 per ctl.
FUTURES. '
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 32% $132% $182% $1 32% i
BARLEY — Futures were higher owing to the !
firmness In Wheat and the hot, " drying north
Wind, but the cash grain was slow and un
changed, as usual on Saturday.
. CASH BARLEY. m
Feed. $1 02%©l 03; Brewing. $1 OT%®1 10;
Chevalier. $1 10&1 15 for fair to choice.
FUTURES. .
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open.* High. Low. Close.
December ... 97% ! 97% 97% t 97%
OATS — Closed the week dull and unchanged.
The Government opened bids for some 6400 tons :
yesterday, but it is expected that the north
will get the order.
White, $1 42%<?1 47%; Black. $1 22%©
1 27%: Red. $1 27%@1 33; Gray, nominal.
CORN — There were no receipts from the
West yesterday,' and the market closed the
week quietly at unchanged quotations.
Western sacked, $1 60Q1 55 for Yellow.
SI 47%@1 52% for White and $1 43@1 50 for
Mixed; California large Yellow, $1 65®1 60;
small round do, $1 5501 60; White. $1 B5®
1 uo per ctl; Egyptian, $1 40®l 60 for White
and $1 27%ei 30 for Brown.
RYE— $1 30®l 32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75»2 per ctl.
Flour and MiUstuffs.
1 i . .
The millers continue to report a very dull
and unsatisfactory market at unchanged quo
tations.
FLOUR — California Family Extraa, $4 60®
4 90. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 6O®4 80;
Oregon and' Washington, jobbing at $3 8504 25
per bbl. '
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 60 per 100 lbs:
Rye Flour. 58 60- Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour.
$7- Corn Meal, $3 00; extra cream do, $4 25; i
Oat Oroots, $4 50; Hominy, $4@4 25; Buck
wheat Flour, $4 60@4 75; Cracked Wheat, $4;
Farina. $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour, $3 75;
Rolled Oats, bblt, $7 25®8 60; In sacks. $6 75©
8 10; Pearl Barley, $C; Split Peas, boxes. $7; I
Green Peas. $5 CO per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The Government opened bids yesterday for
some 4000 tons of Hay. and It Is supposed
that this market will secure the order, though
the accepted bids will not be announced for
some days. A car of new volunteer Wild
Oat. eomewbat grassy, sold at $7. and two
cars of new Wheat, green and bright, but foul,'
came In to private parties and did not go on
th*> market. The feeling continues weak.
The millers continue to quote a firm mar
ket for Bran and Middlings.'
BRAN— $21©22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27 60®29 50 per ton,
SHORTS— $21622 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled . Barley, $23®23 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $29 50@31;
jobbing, $32; Cocoanut Cake, 822®23; Corn
Meal, $32033: Cracked Corn, $32 60®33 60;
Mixed Feed, $22@2.'i; Horse Beans, $30@40 per
ton: Broom Corn Feed. 90o per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $10015; Wheat and Oat. $11©
13 50; Oat, $»«12; Wild Oat. $7®10; Bar-
Icy and Oat, $7<ail; Stock. $7®8; Alfalfa, $7®
STRAW— 60®SOc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
1 The Bean market shows no change whatever
and continues very quiet.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 26©2 50; Pea, $2 90®3;
Butters, $3; small White. $2 85®3 10; large
White. $2 25©2 65: Pink. $3 45@3 60; Red,
$4 25; Lima. $3 25®3 30; Red Kidneys, $4 70®
5; Blarkeye. SI 9002 15 per ctl; Horse Beans.
- SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $4 25@4 50; Yellow
Mustard. $2 6Oi5?3: Flax $1 80®l 90; Canary,
6%«5%c for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14%@lCc: Rape,
I%fi2c; Timothy. 6@«%o; Hemp, 3%@4c. per
lb: Millet. 3@3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20@21
per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye, $3 per ctl; Nlles,
$3 25; Green Peas. $3@3 23.
Wheat and Other Grains.
GOOSEBERRIES — 2@2%o per Ib for com
mon, 3@'3%c for the Oregon improved and To
for English
CURRANTS — $2 50®3 50 per chest.
CHERRIES — Black, 40®50o per drawer and
8fl5c per lb In bulk; White. 25@36c per drawer
and 2%<8'3%c per lb In bulk; Royal Anne. 50@
65c per drawer and 4%O«c per lb in bulk.
APRICOTS — 75c«5$l 25 per box or crate and
90c@$l per basket.
APPLES — $1 60@2 25 per box for old crop
and 25®50c for new green.
CANTALOUPES — $2 60 for small and $3 60
for large crates. '
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $2 B0®3
for fancy, $1 60<g2 50 for choice and $1@1 50
for standard: Seedyngs. $125; Valenclas, $2®
•» 75* Mediterranean Sweets, SI 60©l 75; Tan
rerlnss $1 25: Lemons, $2 60@2 75 for fancy,
$1 60ei 75 for choice and $1®1 25 for stand
ard* Grape Fruit, $1 60® 2 for seedless and S10
1 60 for ordinary: Mextcan Limes. $5®5 50 per
case' Bananas $263 per bunch for Central
American and $1©2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples.
$263 per dozen.
The market was still badly congested with
lcose black Cherries, as fresh receipts were
heavy and the carry over from the preceding
day was large. Prices were barely steady and
the top quotation was obtained only for ex
ceptionally fine lots. The market closed weak,
with large lines still unsold. The canners paid
3c per pound for black, 4(g5o for Royal Anne
and secured the bulk of the receipts of com.
mon white at the quotations. A box of small
Grren Pears came In from Tancred, in the
Capay Valley, and was offered at $1 25, but
was not sold, aa the fruit was too small and
green. Apricots arrived freely from several
sections and were easier. Citrus fruits were
active owing tb the warm, nunny weather, and
desirable sizes of Navel Oranges were closely
cleaned up.
STRAWBERRIES— $6012 per chest for
Longworths and $2 50@4 60 for the larger va
rieties.
LOGANBERRIES— $3 60@5 per cheat
BLACKBERRIES— $4®« per chest for or
dinary and $S<&9 for fancy.
RASPBERRIES — $1@1 25 per erat* .or
drawer.
Strawberries continued t» show the effects
of the hot weather In th« growing districts, a
large portion of the receipts, which were 970
chests, being sunburnt or soft. The demand
was brisk, despite the poor condition of the
berries, as retailers were purchasing freely for
the Sunday trade, and prices had a sharp ad
vance. Some very poor lots of Longworths
Hold below the minimum quotation and occa
sional salea of fancy large berries were report
ed at a small i premium. The canners were
still in the market for large kinds and were
paying $2 per cheat, but were unable to secure
many. The other berries were reported steady
at about previous prices. Currants were very
dull and carrled-over lots sold below the quo
tations.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Heavy offerings of Domestic Exchange caused
a decjtne In rates.
Sterling Exchange, sixty -days.... — $4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight — 02%
New York Exchange, telegraphlo. — 06 .
Silver per ounce — 55
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45 @ —
Exchange and Bullion.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL. '
Wheat— July. Bept
Opening 6 4% C •*"<,
Closing 6 4% 8 4%
PARIS.
Wheat— . June. Sept. -Deo.
Opening - 20 20 20 15
Cloning 20 18 -20 15
Flour —
Opening 27 80 27 25
Closing > 27 SO 27 25
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, June *4.— Wool firm; lljrht, fine.
l.*>S18<i; heavy, fine, 12916c; tub washed, 21
©32c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. June 4. — WHEULT— -Wall*
Walla. 72c; bluestem. 81e; valley, 82o,
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, June 4.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
bluestem. 82o; club, 72o.
Northern Business.
BEATTLE, June 4.— Clearings, $744,143;
balances. $133,374.
TACOMA. June 4. — Clearings, $280.444 ;
balances, f 58, 680.
PORTLAND, June 4.— Clearings. $480,236;
balances. $69,152.
SPOKANK, June 4.— Clearings, $418,001;
bnlances, f29,699.
bills. $4 84K04 85U. Bar ¦tlrer C3c Mex
ican dollars, 44V4C Bonds— Governments,
steady; railroads. Irregular.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 600 00H 09 09 Vi
Atehleon pfd 92
Baltimore & Ohio. COO 78 ] 4 "S 1 * 7S>;
Bait & Ohio pfd 90H
Canadian Pacific. 100 117U 117Vi 117%
Cent of Naw Jersey 155
Chesapeake & Ohio .... 2»U
Chicago & Alton.. 200 86H 3« 33^
Chi & Alton pfd , 80H
Chi & Gt Western. 900 14% 14% 14Vi
Chi & N W .... .... 166&
Chi Mil & St Paul 1.600 l«0% 139% 139»*
Chi M & St P pfd .... 175%
Chi Term A Trans 6
Chi T & T pfd 100 14 14 ft
C C C & Et Louis ¦ «8
Colorado Southern. 100 14*, 14*4 14%
Colo South 1st pfd 200 49 49 4SV
Colo South 2d pfd. 100 19 19 1SU
D*la & Hudson.... 100 153% 153t, 153
D»la Lack & West 269
Denver & Rio Gr 1»H
Denver & R G pfd g*
Erie 1.R00 23S 23% 2^6
Erie 1st pfd 1.000 671* 57 67
Erie 24 pfd 100 34% 84% 34H
Hocking Valley «1
Hocking Valley pfd 79
Illinois Central.... 100 129H 129H 129
Iowa Central 100 14 14 14
Iowa Central pfd * 2
Kansas City South 19
Kan City South pfd 3«
Louis & Nash JOJH
Manhattan L 1**
Metropol Securities 76
Metropol St Ry.... 200 110 110 110
Mexican Central .. 1.000 7 6H 6«' t
Mlrn & St Louis ".- 40
M S P & Sault S M 100 62 62 61%
M S P & S S M pfd US
MlFsouri Pacific... 300 89% ,83% 89J4
Mo Kan &. Tex • 1$%
Mo Kan & Ttx pfd S3
r/c^, 6 . 1 .^ -266 iiiv; niv; A
Norfolk & W^tern 100 54 64 54
SSSSSe; M sS M I*
52S& C **. s r.: 1-Liio ¦«* 44T, St.
Reeding 1st pfd... 100 79 79 .8
R-aiUiK 2d pfd.... 200 63 63 63
LkUlandCo.... 700 20% 20* 20V t
Rock Island Co pfd ..... .... •••• «jg
St L & S F 2d pfd. 100 43 45 42%
St L S W... 100 10 10 10
iouVhfm W pacfflc:::''l.S06"* 45K'' «H" 45%
Southern Railway. . 200 19»i 19% 19%
South Railway pfd. ..... ••¦- •••• '-J»
T-xas & Pacific... 200 20% 20* 20£
Tel St L & West 2j-H
SS££££^ V.600 83% 83- |t{
Union Pacific pJd "i *
Wo.bash "
Wabash pfd «•>
•Wheel & Lake Erie }*
Wisconsin Central ™t*
Wlscon Cent pfd *»°
Express Companies —
Adams *=»
American *«»
United States 1°°
W"lls-Fargo 20 °
aS^.. 800 49* JO* 49U
Am Car & Fdy JJJ*
Am Car & Fdy pfd • <»%
Am Cotton Oil 27
Am Cotton OH pfd ••- *"jjf
American Ice 100 6% 6'i 6%
Am Ice pfd 300 28 26 25
Am Linseed Oil <»%
Am Lin Oil pfd J3
Am Locomotive 1£J*
Am Locomo pfd.;. ••-• **>™
Am Smelt Sc Rf«r. - 600 82% 62% 52
Am Pm & Rfg pfd. (m 97% «. J« «7tf
Am Su CT r Rfg 300 125Vi 125U 125
Anacon Mining Co. -•• >\
Brook Jlap Trans.. 900 *7% 47 46J,
Colo Fuel &Iron ••¦• 28?*
Consolidated Gas.. 70* 2<ttJ4 2m VO,
Corn Product* .... V*> lf>U l<Hi 1°%
Corn Products pfd. 200 65 6j 64
Dirtll Securities 'im
General Electric ' I" 5
Internatl Pnper .. 100 10% 10% l<Hi
Int Papr pfd 55%
Intematl Pump ... 200 33% 33% 3.1%
Int Pump pfd • <-
National L-ad .... 2.100 20 19% 1»%
North American £2
People'" Gas *••• "5
Prised Rteel Car.. 700 28 25% £•%
Piwsed St Car pfd *"
Pullman Pal Car 21 ft
Republic Sleol «J* ,
Republic Steel pfd 37%
Rubber Goods 1">
Rubber Goods pfd 7«
Tenn Coal & Iron 33%
t: S Leather 6%
TT S Leather pfd 80
T7 R Realty 100 «% 6% 0%
TT S Realty pfd.... 7f*> M>% B»% T.9U,
XT S Rubber 400 1«'A 1«% 15%
TT S Rubber pfd... 100 6«K efi',4 6T.%
T T s Ft«!l l.!V>0 9V t 9 ft
TT 8 Fteel pfd S.200 53?i 53% BSH
Westlnichoup* Elec •• ... ir«S%
Western Union > 86
Total i>ale« 51.500 eharefl. .
TJNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. June 4.— Bond transactions
to-day. 200 at $78 50.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid $4, asked $4 12%; preferred,
bid $36 50. asked $37.
NEW TORK BONDS.
V S ref 2s reg..l04% L t N unified 4s.l01%
Do coupon 105 Man con gold *4s. 103%
Do 3s reg 105% Mex Cent 4s 63V«
Do coupon 106 Do 1st Inc 12%
Do new 4s reg.132% Minn & St L 4s. 90
Do coupon 132% M. K & Tex 4s.. 98%
Do old 4s reg. 106% Do 2ds 77
Do coupon 107 NR of Mex con 4s. 74%
Atch gen 4s 101% N T C gen 3%s.. &0*.
Do adj 4s 61% N J C gen 6s. ...130%
AtlantlcC L 4a. 95% Nor Pac 4s 104%
Bal & O bio 4s.. .101% Do 3s ; 72%
Ho su t 65% Nor & W con 4s. 99
Central of Ga 6s.lO7 OSL 4s k. partlc. 95%
Do 1st Inc 54 Pa cony 3%s.... 95%
Cleb & Ohio 4%«.104% Reading gen 4b... 99%
Ch'. & Alton 8%s. 79 S 1. ft I M con 5s.ll4%
C B & Q new 4«. 94% 8 I, 4 8 F ff 4s. 82
CM & SP gn 4s. 100 St Louis SW lsts. 92
C & NW con 7s.l28 Seaboard A L 4s. 70%
C R I & Pac 4s. 68 So Pacific 4s 00%
Do col 6s 79% 8o Railway 5s... 115.%
CCC & SLgn 4s. 99 Tex Sc. Pac lsts.. 115%
Chi' Term 4s .... 74 T. St L & W 4s.. 70
Cons Tobacco 4s.. CO Union Pacific 4s.. 103
Colo tc So 4s.... 82% Do conv 4s 97
C F & I con. 6s. 69% V 8 Steel 2d 5s.. 73%
Dm A- Rio G 4s. 89 Wabash lsts .....115%
Erie prior Hen 4a. 98% Do deb B 57%
Do gen 4s 85 W & L Erie 4s.. 89%
F W & D C lsts. 104% Wis Central 4a... 90
Hock Val 4%s...lO7%|
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS. .
Adams -Con .."... 23! Little Chief..... 05
Alice 40 Ontario 3 75
Dreece 10 Ophlr 4 SO
Bruns Con ...'... 14 Phoenix 12
Com Tunnel .... W» Potosl 14
Con Cal &. Va... 1 35 Savage 22
Hern Silver ...... 1 35 Sierra Nev........ 30
| Iron Silver 1 76 Small Hopes .... 15
> Lcatfville Con ... 02 Standard 2 00
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money — , U S Steel.. •
CiM loans 2%03% Do pfd 83%
Tln-.f loans ...3%@4% WesTIng Common. 76
• ¦ Bonds — . Mining — ¦ '
A*.thi»on4 100% Adventure ....... IU
v Do adj 4a 00% Allcuez '...•....;.. 6%
M« Central 4s... 69 |Amal Copper ....49%
Railroads — : • ' JAmer Zinc ...::. 9%
Atchison 68 T4 Atlantic 7%
Do pfd 92% Blngham .:.. 20%
Boston &. Albany.240% Calumet & Hecla,45O
Boston & Maine.. 164 • Centennial - 19 .
Boston Elev ..;..111%| Copper Range.... 41
The week closed on a well srrpplled *n* easy
Butter market, but quotation* showed no
change. The present hot spell will probably
result in the receipt of a good deal of soft
and out of shape Butter during the oomlng
weak.
Cheese remains the same. Los Angela* Is
taking some for storage at 8%o cased, or So
net. but as that market wants nothing but
the finest new goods for storing the move
ment is not large. Still. It helps. - The local
trade say that the only condition that can
reduce stocks Is the holding back of shipments
front the factories to this market.
Eggs closed the week very firm as to fine
ranch, with some houses quoting a cent over
the top quotation below, and it Is possible that
prices may advance again during the coming
week. . Store Eggs are getting poorer as the
summer advances, and dealers are complain
ing of the large percentage of rotten ones
now being received. Eastern Eggs are com
ing In freely and are actively competing with
store Eggs.
Receipts were'96,200 lbs Butter, 1422 cases
Eggs and 8200 lbs Cheese.
JHUTTKK — Creamery at first hands, 18%01Oc
for extras and 17%31Sc for firsts; dairy, left
17 He; store Butter, 13@15c; cold storage, nom
inal.
CHEESE — 8@€%c for good to choice new
and UO7c for lower grades; Young Americas,
9<SDV:c: Eastern." 12H014C; Western, ll©12c
per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 18@20c for' fair to choice;
store, lC-g'lSc; Eastern. 16MO18c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
"To-day's first-hand stock consists of 1989
begs- Costa Rica. S95 Nicaragua. 201479 Sal
vador. 23,725 Guatemala. 1270 Mexican and
397S various; In all. 63.836 bags.
"Deliveries from first hands since the 5th
ult. include: 1420 bass Costa Rica. SZ1 Nica
ragua, ltt Honduras, 6178 Salvador. 4243 Guate
mala, 24.1 Mexican and 3381 various; In all.
16.313 bags."
Market closes quiet.
Costa Rica— 14@13%o for strictly prim* to
fancy washed; 12H@13Uc for prims washed:
HV4@12V*c for good washed: llH^13o for good
to prime washed peaberry; 104711c for good to
prime peaberry: lli@12Vic for good to prime:
9<910tic for fair; 7%®8Hc for common to or
dtnury.
• Salvador— 145J14%e for fancy washed- 12%©
13}»c for strictly prime washed: 10V4@12c for
good to prime. washed; 9#10c for fair washed;
10"912^c for fair to prime washed peab*mr;
9Va@10%c for good to prime semi-washed; 9S»
OUc for superior unwashed: 8^i©8?4c for good
creen unwashed; 9^©10c for good to superior
unwashed peaberry; 7@8c for inferior to or
jflca'ragna— Nominal; ll%©13He for prime
to fancy washed: 9«10Ho for fair to strictly
pood washed: sli«S»;c for good to superior
unwashed: »ii®10c for good to prime un
wayhed peaberry. ..**.. . * ~
Guatemala and Mexican — 14®15o for fancy
washed; 12sfrl3i4c for prime to strictly prime
washed; ll@ll%c for strictly good washed:
10%c for gocd washed: 9H<glOVie for fair
wanhfd: 8V469C for medium; 7©7%c for In
ferior to ordinary: 10H©12Hc t (or good to
prime washed peaberry; 9%®10c for good to
prime unwashed peaberry; 8H®9u° for good
to superior unwashed.
"Markets in Brazil have recently turned
rather easier. The speculative position remains
unchanged and for the time being attracts no
active attention.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotas as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crashed. 3.95c:
Powdered. 5.80c; Candy Granulated. 3.80c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.70c; Dry Granulated, coarse
5.70c; Fruit Granulated, 5.70c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). 5.60c; Confectioners'
A, 5.70c; Magnolia A. 3.20c; Extra C. 5.20a;
Golden C. 5.10c; "D," 5c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels, 6.20c: boxes. 6.45c; H. <fc E. Crystal
Dominos. 8.70c per lb. No orders taken fcr
less than seventy- five barrels or Its equivalent.
COFFEE — C. E. Blckford's circular gives
the receipts at this port during the first five
montho of the year at 120,22t> bags, against
177,761 bags during the same time last year.
The sales from -first hands were 90.859 bags.
against 109.775. The stock in first hands
June 1 was 49.305 bags, against 93.043. The
circular says:
"Receipts from Central America continue
unusually light, the deficit to-day as com
pared with the same date of last year being
52.305 bags. Nearly half— 23.831 bags— is to be
attributed to the short crop in Costa Rica,
while other sources also show important re
ductions — in round figures, Nicaragua 2200.
Salvador 7000, Guatemala 15,300 and Mexico
4300. While the crops are not entirely out. the
movement hits sufficiently progressed to form
a fair Idea of the total season's receipts hare.
At this writing it is believed the present dis
crepancy will be practically maintained, or
possibly somewhat ' Increased. In certain sec
tions of Guatemala, however, open transporta
tion was retarded at a critical period through
labor troubles and other causes and there may
be a considerable quantity of Coffee there to
be sent out in all directions if it can be done
before the rainy season sets tn.
"Business has been very quiet and quota
tions are not altered In any particular. De
liveries from first hands during the month
wer? 12.432 Central American. SSSl other
kinds: in all. 16,313 bags, against 30.429 same
time last year. Total deliveries for first five
months this year were 90.S59. against 109,775
last year.
"Stocks In hands are estimated small to
moderate. Compared wfth June 1. 1903, prices
for Central Americans here are 1^1 Vic higher
and Brazils in New York lVi&lftc higher.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead 7U«
7%e per lb; White Lead. 7H©7%c according
to quantity.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, Ja balk,
14c; Pearl Oil. in cases, 204c; Astral, 20%o;
Star. 20Hc; Extra Star. 24Uc: Elaine. 26ftc;
Eocene, 23Hc; Deodorized Stove Gasoline in
bulk. 10c; In cases. 224c; Benzine, in bulk.
13c: In cases. 19%c; 80- degree Gasoline, la
bulk. 25c; in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon In cases and
75o in drums and iron oarrels.
BAGS — Gram Bags. 5%e spot and 3%o June-
July; San Quentln. S3 40; Wool Bags. 32©33c;
Fleece Twine, 73Sc
COAL — Wellington. 18 per ton; New Welling
ton. $8; Seattle. *ti 60; Bryant. 18 60 : Beaver
Hill. $3 50; Stanford. 97; Roslyn. $7: Coos
Bay. $5 50; Greta *7: WalUend. $7; Richmond.
$7 SO; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and $14 29 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Walsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 fiOOti
per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $11 45 per 20CO lbs and $12 SO
per long ton. according to brand.
OILS— Quotation* are for barrels; for ease*
•dd 6o; Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases, No. 1. 70o;
Bakers' AA, $1 10® 1 12; Lucol 43c for boiled
and 43o for raw; China Nut. 6O07Oe per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil In barrels. BSo for Ceylon and 53a
for Australian; extra bleached winter 8 perm
Oil, C8o; natural winter Sperm Oil, 63c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. B7o; natural Whale
Oil. 62o; extra winter strained Lard Oil. 7Bo;
No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c; pure Neatsfoot Oil 73c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil 63c; light Herring Oil.
42c: dark Herring Oil. 40c: Salmon Oil S4c:
boiled Fish Oil, 87c; raw Fish Oil. 33o; boiled
Paint Oil, 33c; raw Paint Oil. 31o.
General Merchandise.
POULTRT — Live - Turkeys, 15@18c per lb:
Geese, per pair, $1 6001 75; Goslings. SI 750
2; Ducks, $4@5 per dozen for old and
|54i0 for young: Hens. |0@7 for large and
$4 6025 for small; young Roosters, *7 60Stt:
old Roosters. |4 5005; Fryers. $5 6O2# 60;
Broilers. $3@4 for large and $2®2 60 for
¦moil; Pigeons, $1 2501 CO per dozen for old
and II 6OS2 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, SI 50 per dozen; Rabbits, $1 75
©2 for Cottontails and $1 per dosen for brush.
Poultry closed the week with the market
quiet for ordinary stock, particularly small
old Hens, which were In free supply, and
quite a few coops had to be carried over.
Everything else was well cleaned up and
steady. One or two cars of Western will be
marketed to-morrow.
Poultry and Game.
Miscellaneous Markets.
Wall-street Stocks quiet. Cott on still declining.
Continued inactivity on the local stock exchanges.
Local Bank Clearings show a decrease from last year.
Kczv York ExcJiange lower under large offerings.
Coffee quiet and easier at primary points.
Wheat and Barley Futures higher under drying weather.
Oats, Corn and Rye steady at previous prices.
Government opens bids for a large line of Hay.
Bran, Middlings and other Feedstuff s firm.
Flour and MiUstuffs still quoted dull.
No further variation in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes and Onions fairly steady. Vegetables active.
Poultry and Game show no new features.
Hot weather affecting the quality of some fruits.
Butter steady, Clieese weak and Eggs generally firm.
Provision market still zveak and dragging. ¦
Cattle and Sheep being ruslied into market. Hogs weak.
SUMMARY. OF THE MARKETS.
Oats.*, bu ... :."..... . .153.700 4 802.800
Rye. bu 3,000 . 4,000
Barley, bu 15,900 11,800
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, June 4.— On the Produce. Ex
change to-day the butter market was firm;
creameries. 13%@17%o: dairies. 12®16c. Eggs
steady, at mark, cases j included. 14%ST15Hc.
Cheese easy. 809c. { -\
Livestock Market.
' CHICAGO.
CHICAGO* June 4. — CATTLE— Receipts.
300; nominal: good to prime steers. }5 60®
0 25; poor to medium. S4 50^5 60; stockers
ar-d feeders $3 25@4 75; cows, $1 75® 4 50;
heifers. (2 25@4 75; eanners, $1 7B@2 75; bulls,
f 2 25®4 50; calves. $2 SOg-5 00.
HOGS— Receipts . to-day. 12,000; Monday,
45,000; steady to strong; mixed and butchers.
$1 60rf4 82 »4; good ¦ to choice heavy, $4 75® 1
4 82%: rough heavy, *4 «O@* 75; light, S4 55®
4 75- bulk of sales. $4 05® 4 73.
SHEEP — Receipts, 3000; sheep and lambs
steady; good to choice wethers, $5 25®5 60;
fair to choice mixed, $8 75@5; Western sheep,
$4 r»0ij5 50: native lambs, $5@6 50; Western
lambs, $5 50&G €3. <
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Franciaco, less 60
per cent for shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 7%©SHtf; Cows and Heif
ers 6Vsft"c; thin Cows, 4#5c per lb.
CALVES — l@4^c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3V*S3tac; Bwm, 2%«3o
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — $2 2562 SO per bead.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. So:
200 to 250 lbs. 4Hc; over 230 lbs, *^a; soft
Hogs, nominal; Sows, 20 per oent off; Boars.
DO per cent off, and Stags. 40 per eeat oft from
above quotations.
DRESSED. MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: •
BEEF— 6'/i(3"c for Steers and B®6o per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, B37e; small, 7% ©3c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. 6 & ©7c; 'Ewes. 6H®0c
per lb.
LAMB — 7®Sc per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 6H©9He per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Packers and butchers are reporting very de
pressed markets for Cattle. Sheep and Hogs,
with still lower prices expected. All sorts of
stock is being rushed Into the market, which
is unable to absorb it.
Meat Market.
fornla. 1903. Tor crop of 1904 the nominal
quotation la 20c
B!lver*klns from the river were offering at
$1 60®2 per cental.
Trade In miscellaneous vegetables was active.
8-i usual on Saturday, and most kinds ware
quoted higher.' The quotations for String and
Wax Beans represent > the prices obtained only
for good stock. Poor and old lota from the
south were ottering below the minimum quota
tion, but found few buyers. The canners were
still cleaning up surplus lots of Asparagus at
495c per pound. • • .•*.-
POTATOES— New, In boxes. $1 25@1 75 per
ctl for white and $1 15@1 80 for Early Rose:
tn sacks, 51® 1 75 per ctl; old Oregon Bui-banks,
$1@1 25 per ctl;' old river Burbanks, 85cQ$l
per ctl.
ONIONS— Australian Tellow. $3 per cU; new
Red, SOffiOOo per sack. - -'
VEGETABLES — Green Corn." 85c per dozen;
Asparagus. 4@7c per lb; Rhubarb. 50<ff75c per
box; Green Peas SI® I CO per sack; Garden
Peas, 2%@3c per' lb; String and Wax Beans,
0@8c per lb; Tomatoea, $1 50@l 75 per
box or crate for Los Angeles and $1 50@Z for
Mexican (repacked): Summer Squash ~7>cQ
$1 25 per box; Cabbage, $1 per ctl; Carrots,
$1 25 per sack; Cucumbers, BOO 75c per dozen;
Co. Marysvllle. $1 75@2 per box; Garlic, new,
6@6o per lb; Egg Plant. 10c per Ib; Dried
Peppers. SSlOc for sun-dried and 12H@13c per
lb for evaporated: Dried Okra, 12V»&15c per
lb; Green Peppers. 10®12Mic per lb for Los
Angeles and 12%®15c for Mexican: Marrowfat
Squash. Jobbing, at l%@2c per lb.
W THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 5, 1904.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
41
Chicago Board of Trade.
LOCAL MAEKETS.
ADTTE&TISE2IEI7T3.
SAFTivESTfiNT
PROFITABLUNYESTMENT
WE ASS NOW EEItUJIO at
par. J10 per share, treasury stock
In new manufacturing company
that will pay over 20 per cent divi-
dends and t/111 advance rapidly In
value. This is sure, as you can
learn from some of the best busi-
ness men in this city, who aro
stockholders. Stock is selling
rapidly to careful, conservative In-
vestors. Call or write at once.
FACrriC COAST TXT7ST CO,
70S Market St. rooms S04-5.
AUCTION SALES
&* . £a •£»
40 AUCTION SALE! 49
TTIIRTT HEAD OP DRAFT AND WORK
HORSES, welshing from 1230 to 1330 pounds,
broken. In good order and ready for work.
Most of th«»c horses will weigh H0O and
upward. Consigned by the Hall rftock Farm.
Tuba County, Cal.
Also ten head cf HIGH CLASS DRIVERS.
Sale tak?9 place
TUESDAY, Jane 7, 1934, at 8 P. 31.
1732 MARKET ST.. near Van Ness ave.. S. P.
Horses at yard Juno 5. Send for cata-
logue.
FRED II. CHASS & CO.
' Live Stock Auctioneers.
AUCTION SALE!
ife* fe 2*
On MONDAY, Jane t, at II o'clock, ,
.,.:.: At J. B. HQRAN'E SALETARDS.
Cor. ICth and Bryant Sts.
By ordtr of ifr. John Patterson of Reno, N«r..
I will sell 133 head of choice young horses.
: Included In this sale I have about 80 head of
choice young mares with colts by their side*.
These horses will arrrre at the yards Sunday
and will positively be sold to the highest
bidder.
-.. 8. WATKIN9.. Auctioneer
#1_ GRAND AUCTION SALE. TTTESDAT.
>?* June 7, 11 a, ex. at 1140 Folsozn St., oi
a lot of Shetland, ponies. 1 fast pacer. 40 good
cheap horses and express, camp, peddling
wagons, surreys, buggies, carts and 40 set*
of slng)« and double harness.
WM. CLOUOH. Auctioneer.THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, SUNDAY, - JUNE -5; 1904.
42
MEAL ESTATE— CIT1'- -FOR »ALB-
LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
Send tor our printed list of property for saie
in all sections of the city. „_,,
GOING FAST! 1 . GOING FAST'.!
Thirteen sold within a short time; only ai
few left; beautiful lots in block bounded py
Point Lobos. Clement. 34th and 35th aves. ;
level and. ready to build ou; fine views o.
Golden, Gate Park. Golden Gate and ?«£"£•
Ocean; well sheltered from winds: price *£''
to $J500: *5O cash, balance $10 monthly; Sutro
earn pass property. __
F.I G BARGAIN SOUTH. OF MARKET.
$6500— Rents $816; 6 flats of 3 rooms ana
bath each: on Harrison st.. near Filth: gooa
modern plumbing; everything in good shape, a
good, permanent investment.
BIGGEST BARGAIN IN CITY.
BEAUTIFUL NEW HOME.
$7500— Maybe less; a flne new residence, moa-
ern in every detail; contains 10 large rooms 4
expensive mantels; interior handsomely nntsnea
in curly redwood, etc.; key lot. affording light
and sun; accepted street; if desired terms o.
$2000 cash can be arranged. This Is unquestion-
at over $400; this is a fine renting section.
COTTAGE A BARGAIN.
Price reduced to »2W0ta effect qu tck ssJe:
cottage of 5 rooms and stable, etc.. lot
25X120; on ATE . N^ R C1 *^£
I Tay %^lG fi A n i e N m !N n T e To\VN
I bu^inT-ful'! Vp'th !Slf .^aSf AW
I VeEtm TLAT4 t VEAV°VuIo^E k PARK j
*" HOMES ON EASY TERM*
$2975— $5C0 cash, balance monthly, hana- ,
some n^- 2-story 'house; 6 rooms and boUu I
every modern improvement; Ellxabetn st, neai-
Castro; 24th-st. cars. „._,„ -^.^v-
NEW HOME NEAR PARK.
$5000-Another up-to-date house close to
Golden Gate Park; contains b •P»«° d '! ily fl £ r 0
clX d bXn m e S: m^nth?y: 9l a COn cha n^ing . home.
artUtle &y.|n^g» dt u6 Mpnt.orneryjt^
TAKE a delightful trip to-day- J to Mill
Valley; see the lots right ai the station we
are selling so fast.
¦ PRICES »350 TO $950 EACH.
! Terms 10 per cent cash; balance $10 monthly.
! All the lots are large; grand home sites
amid pleasant surroundings: beautiful views
of mountains and bay; the climate unequaled; ;
I splendid opportunity fo- an Investment; lana .
i values bound to tncrea-.'. as Mill Valley is i
< rapidly coming to the front; the new electric !
i road has shortened the time to 40 minutes from I
I the city; Mtll Valley has all the conveniences :
! oi a city; fine supply of pure mountain water.
' good sewerage and drainage, electric lights )
stores, churches and schools, and. In fact, all
conveniences; lots beautifully wooded; send for
our new Illustrated book descriptive of Mill
. Valley. Agents on ground Sunday. We have j
an office open Sundays and holidays.
j LYON Sc HOAG. 118 Montgomery st. |
MADISOX Sl BURKE. ___.»__ !
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 1S58.
30 Montgomery st Opposite Lick House, j
$12,000— Post St.: two large well constructed
houses; very large lot. i
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$9,0CO— 6 flats and store below: near Sixth ¦
and Brannan sts.; rent $86 per month; .
new building.
$3,000— Ashbury st.. near Frederick;" a flne ,
large 10- room house; near the Park;
billiard-room, finished attic and all |
modern conveniences. [
$10,750 — Page st. : 2 up-to-date flats. 6 and 7
rooms and bath: annual rent $900.
$3 250 — Beaver st.. near No«; beautiful cot-
tage. Just the thing for a small family;
flne garden.
$5,000 — 6th ave., near Lake St.; 7 rooms and
bath 1 . 25x120.
$4,000— Tenth st., near Harrison; lot 23x100;
rent $32. .,
$4,750— Two new flats; Vermont St.. near
22d; rents $43 per month; must be sold.
$9.000--Stelner St., bet. Geary and O'Farrell; j
car lines; 2 lots, 55x137:6 feet.
$1,600— 14th ave. and A st.. cor.. 120 feet on !
the new Park Panhandle. .
$1,900— Harrison st., near 2Sth: flne cottage,
5 rooms and bath; lot 25x110; cheap. I
$4,500— Chattanooga st., near Twenty- third;
large lot. 65x117:6 to rear street.
Lots 27:6x137:6. on Sutter st, between Stelner
and Pierce.
Buildini lot. NE. corner Golden Gate ave.
and Baker st.: in sixes to eult; prices
from $2000 upward.
Three lots, each 27:6x137:6. on south line of
Geary St., near Fillmore.
MADISON & BURKE.
30 Montgomery St.. opp. Lick House.
LOT on S. side Elizabeth St.. bet. Diamond and
Douglas: cheap. Owner, box 192, Berkeley.
FOR sale — 2 houses; each 8 rooms and bath;
lot 28x84. Apply 976 Pine st. .
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH 4b MAYER. Plumbers, 836 Howard st.
REAL ESTATE— Connirr— For Sal*.
$30,000— ONE of California's finest farms; 267
acres, all beautiful valley land, close to large
town In Alameda County; always producing
magnificent crops of grain, also the choicest
hay grown in the State, which is shipped
East in large quantities from this point; Im-
provements all first class; a fine residence
of 8 rooms and bath, large barns, etc; wa-
ter In great abundance from an 18-foot well,
and perpetual stream through the property; >
over $6000 In personal property. Including 14 j
head of splendid mares and colts ¦ (draft \
stock); also 22 head of high-grade Holstein
cattle, together with farming machinery, ve-
hicles, etc.; all as good as new; this /arm
produced $5800' last season (statement on file
at this office); owner Is old and desires to
retire and go to Europe, the property being
too valuable to lease during his absence: get
full particulars of this magnificent and mon-
ey-making farm. H. H. CRANE, 608 Cali-
fornia Bt.
$4000— A LOVELY home in Alameda County:
11 % acres beautifully wooded land, large
trees, running water, grand scenery: modern
residence. 9 rooms: but few minutes* walk to
R. R. depot; no better climate in the State,
and where malaria and mosquitoes do not ex-
ist; this property Is worth double price of-
fered, at, but must be sold (see photos at
this office). H. H. CRANE. 608 California.
BARGAlN-^160 acres In Alameda County for
$3250; seven miles from a large town; over
level county road; splendid ranch for stock.
hoes and poultry: never failure of crops-
produces finest hay In the market; 130 acres
cultlvatable; no brush or waste land; re-
mirrkable supply of -spring water; comfort-
able houee; alto barn and poultry 'houses-
school ltt miles; this Is a bargain that rec-
ommends Itself; see photos at this office H
H. CRANE. 508 California st.
SUBURBAN PROPERTIES. T
Go to-day and examine thOM choice one and
two acre tracts in that beautiful subdivision;
3 minutes' drive from Ross station; 1 minute
from Han Anselmo; unsurpassed view and
beautiful knolls for but Wins sites; this Is one I
of the most central and best-located pieces
of property ever subdivided tn Marin County
and the prices are within reach of all; for
maps and full Information call or write
CHATFIELD 4: VINZENT.
* 228 Montgomery st.. S. F.
BEAUTIFUL COUNTRY RESIDENCE.
50 minutes from San Francisco: fine house,
20 room*. 3 baths and toilets, furnace, stables,
etc.; 2>4 acres; 1 acre In orchard; property in
perfect condition and repairs; cost $21,000; 3
minutes from station: price $15,000.
CHATFIELD St VINZENT,
22S Montgomery st., S. IT.
SMALL INVESTMENTS. ' '
Sacramento County Propositions.
" $200—5 acres of choice berry and fruit land;
also an ideal place for chickens.
' $1CO— 2>4 acres choice berry land; good loca-
tion: near school/
$400 — ".. down; time to suit on balance -'10
acres of choice citrus fruit, table or wine
grape land. . .
For particulars address box 15. Oalt. Cal.
FOR sale — Alfalfa ranch, 1 50 acres; splendid
stand of "alfalfa; fenced and cross-fenced -
good new house; one mile from Crow's Land-
Ing; price $9500; term* easy. Address box
88. Crow'g Landing. Cal.
ALFALFA, vineyard, fruit lands in the famous
Mcdesto-Turlock districts all under irrira
. tion; we are now subdividing bur large wheat
ranches in tracts to suit and put water on
each 40. Send for free booklet.
A. B. SHOEMAKE Co.. Modesto. Cal.
FOR the best list of country property, farms
fruit and poultry ranches, stock ranches all
faifa and timber lands, call or send for 'cat-
alogue. ROTHERMEL St CO.. 607 Callfor-
nla st. .
$1750—0 89-100 ACRES prune' orchard- sell
or exchange; in full bearing; located' near
Paso gobies and Templtton. San Luis Oblspo
County. W. A. FRAZIER. 2307 Pine at.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards.
vineyards: Inspected bargains: monthlycata-
, _5 U K»' e ? t '™- a M ' BOOSTER CO.r«48
1 " i^f^JfJ" "California's Choicest
Acres.' WILLIAM P. WRIGHT. MounUln
View. Santa Clara County. CaJ. " auni * xn
RJBAI. E ST ATK— CITY>— FOlt S ALH.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE~&~CoT
. C38 MARKET STREET.
AUCTION, " • V
¦ 'AUCTION, '
Tuesday ; A .Y™?^. . . . . . June 7.1904.
At our salesroom at 12 o'clock noon.
HAYES. ST. INVESTMENT.
Nos. 026-628 Hayes st and C09-611 Ivy ave.,
west of Laguna st.; lot- 25x120 feet, running
through to rear street; Improvements consist
of two very beautiful flats fronting on Hayes
st.. containing U rooms and bath each, and two
first-class flats fronting on rear st.. Ivy ave.;
rent $88 50 per month; mortgage $1800.
CLARA-ST. INVESTMENT.
•Nos. 17-10 Clara St., west of Third;. lot 25x90
feet; Improvement 3 flats of 6-0-6 rooms and
bath each; new modern plumbing; renting for
$32 per month; mortgage "of $1000 In German
Bank. . . . ' '.
CLEMENTINA-ST. INVESTMENT
No. 20 Clementina St.. west of First.; lot 25x
k i,^ t: lm P rov ements consist of a 2-etory frame
building of 10 rooms and bath; also rear house
of 4 rooms and basement; rent $40 per month.
VALPARAISO-ST. INVESTMENT^
, N SS- 8 2-84-86 Valparaiso St.. east of Taylor,
lot 23x60 feet; Improvements consist of 3 flats
containing 3-S-6 rooms; also rear house with 0
rooms and basement of 2 rooms and cellar;
also 3 unfinished rooms in basement of front
riat; mortgage of $1000 can remain.
SACRAMENTO-ST. RESIDENCE.
No. 3109 Sacramento St.. west of Baker: lot
25xl37:« feet; elegant 2-story residence of 9
rooms and bath; renting for $50 per month.
12TH-AVE. BUILDING CORNER.
, n JW. cor. of 12th ave and M St.; lot 67:6x
1C0 feet. ' .
Building lot on E Un"e S °f 9th ave.. 175 feet
north of O st.; lot 25x100 feet.
__ MISSION CORNER. „ „_ „ .
SE. cor. of 24th and Capp sts.; lot 50x65 ft.:
Improvements consist of a 2-story building,
containing store and flat above of 5 rooms;
only small portion of the lot now built upon;
mortgage of $3400 can remain; rent $34 per
month.
BRODERICK-ST. RESIDENCE.
No. 2211 Broderick st.. south of Jackson; lot
2i:8V£xll2:6 feet; improvements consist of a
2-story residence of 8 rooms and porcelain
bath, open plumbing, etc.: rent $55.
SUTTER-ST. BUILDING LOT.
South line of Sutter st. 110 feet east of
Stelner: lot 27:0x137:6 feet."
NORTH OF PARK BUILDrNG LOT;
Westerly line of Willard St.. 100 feet south
of Turk; 25x100 feet; sewered, etc.
MISSION. ST. INVESTMENT.
No. — Mission st.. west of 3th; lot 25x125
feet; improvements consist of a 9-room dwell-
ing; good foundation; house in first-class order;
rent $40 per month
TWENT1ETH-ST. BUILDING LOT.
North line of 20th st. 255 feet west of
Church; lot 25x114 feet.
ALSO
Southerly line of- 20th St., 130 feet west of
Church; lot 25x114.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
¦'.;,'¦; 638 Market st.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
C38 Market Street.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
TUESDAY ;.... v June 14, 1904
At our salesroom at 12 o'clock noon.
' MISSION FLATS.
Not." 1068 Capp St., north of 26th; lot 65x115
feet* improvements consist of 3 separate build-
lngd, containing 9 flats in all with 6 rooms and
porcelain bath in each; lot has two frontages;
total rents $217 50 per month.
STEINER-STREET RESIDENCE.
No. 003 Stelner St.. north of Fell; lot 27:6x
110 feet; improvements consist of a 2-story resi-
dence, containing « rooms, bath and laundry.
' MISSION COTTAGE.
No. 3986 Twenty-third st., east of Noe; lot
25x114 feet; improvements consist of a cottage \
of 7 sunny rooms and bath on main floor; also
partly finished attic containing 5 rooms. This
place Is in excellent condition, almost new,
modern and always rented for $50 per month;
$2200 mortgage can remain.
GEARY-STREET INVESTMENT.
No. 93U Geary st., east of Polk; extremely
large lot, 68:9x120 feet, through to a rear
street; present Improvements ¦ consist of a 2-
story frame dwelling containing 7 rooms and
bath. This is an excellent site for an apart-
ment house.
TENTH-ST. BUSINESS INVESTMENT.
Noa. 317-17 H Tenth st., south of Folsom: lot
25x100 feet: improvements consist of a store
and 3 rooms in rear and a flat of 6 rooms and
bath above; rent very low at $40 per month.
PINE-STREET INVESTMENT.
No. 2200 Pine St.. west of Webster; lot 25x
100 feet; Improvements consist of a 6-room cot-
tage.
MISSION-STREET BUILDING LOTS.
S.E. corner of Mission st. and Russia ave.;
11 lots to be sold as per diagram.
MCALLISTER ST. BUILDING LOTS.
S.E. eor. of McAllister et. and Masonic ave.;
3 lots to be sold as per diagram.
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
S.W. cor. of 20th st. and Potrero ave.: lot
26x100 feet; improvements consist of a store
with 4 living rooms In rear; fine flat containing
6 rooms and bath, range in kitchen, large high [
basement floored and contains one room, brick
foundation; also stable and loft for 4 horses.
WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
No. 2907 Washington st., west of Devlsadero;
lot 25x125. feet; improvements consist of a 2-
story frame dwelling substantially built, new
plumbing and recently renovated for 2 separate
families; 3 rooms downstairs and 4 rooms and '
bath upstairs; mortgage of $3000 can remain;
rent $45 per month. . # -
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
. . 633 Market street.
¦ -—-—______.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market Street.
$3C,000— Large lot on O'Farrell St., r,»ar
Taylor; nominal lnArovements; renting for
$100 per month.
$17,500 — S strictly modern and new flats, con-
taining 5 rooms and bath each; lot 50x125 feet;
a monthly rental of $165; mortgage of $S000
can remain.
$16,000— Howard St.. close to Third, 4-story
building, containing store below and 3 floors
above; rented for $125 per month: could easily
be Increased fully 20 per cent; a positive bar-
gain for thin money; never before on the mar-
ket at Sis price; mortgage $9000.
$12,250 — Reduced from $14,000; 3 magnificent
new flats, situated on key lot; every room
sunny; modern Improvements throughout; Ash-
bury st., near' Park Panhandle.
$8250— Folsom st.. near. 8th; 2 flats of 8-9
rooms and bath and laundry; rents low at $65
per month.
$8000—3 new flats In the warm belt of the
Mlnsion, containing 6 rocms and porcelain
bath each; rent $72 50 per month; very low at
this figure. i
$7250 — 6 very flne flats, containing 4 rooms
and bath each; separate entrances, brick foun-
dation; lot 32:6 feet frontage; located In the
Mission warm Lett; newly painted: flats In ex-
cellent condition; mortgage $3000; rent ex-
ceedingly low at $71' 00 per month.
$70(X> — Lcavenworth st., near Clay, 2 very
flne flats, containing 6 rooms each; rented for
$62 50 per month.
$6500 — Key lot on Devisadero St.; 27:6 front-
age; cottage of 6 rooms and bath; modern im-
provements: unfinished basement.
$6000—2 flats on 22d st.. near Valencia; 5-6
rooms and bath; rent extremely low at $42 60
per month.
$0000 — Buchanan St.. near Jackson; Improve-
ments consist of a cottage.
$5750 — Plerce-Kt. residence, 2-»tory, contain-
ing 9 rooms and baths, 3 toilets; this is a
snap; mortgage $3000; readily rented for $50
per mont£.
$5000— Oak-st. cottage, 5 rooms on main
floor, one In basement and one in attic; attic
nnlfched.
$4500— Union st.. near Mason; lot 37:6 foot
frontage; improvements consist of 2 cottages.;
nominal Improvements.
$4500— Stockton-st. building lot between Call-
forma and Sacramento sts.; 30x60 feet through
to Brooklyn alley; owner has plans costing
$16,000 and which will rent lor $200 per month.
- $4400 — 2 beautiful sunny flats of B-ft rooms
and bath; finest flats in the Mission district; i
rents for $40 per month: should bring more:
|140O mortgage; can secure considerably more.
$3700— 23d «t.; west of Vlcksburg; 37:9 foot
frontage; 2-mory house of 8 rooms; also stable
in rear; rent (30 per month; place in elegant
condition. ¦ i
$3600 — Cottage on 22d St., 5 rooms and bath; i
almost new; modem In every respect; rent $25
per month. ¦ ¦
$2900 — Florida st.. near 21st; modern cottage I
¦of 5» rcomn and bath; high basement; would ',
rent any day for $25; $1100 mortgage in Hi- ;
bernla Bank. . |
$2700— Cottage on Day St.. near Noe; new, i
modern and complete throughout; 5 rooms and
bath; can be sold on terms to suit purchaser.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market street.
HEADQUARTER8 FOR PARK LOTS.
Our new office at.Oceanslde attracts attention.
But nothing like our new lots. . ,
Everybody wants them; select one quick.
$500 to $1200— easy terms.
On car line and fronting park; unobstructed
view of ocean; all graded, ready to build on.
"Oceanslde" Branch Office cor. 47th ave.'
and H st. . Open Sundays and holidays.
$75 to $250 — Near park and ocean; $5 monthly.
$250 to $1000 — Choicest Richmond ; lots; In-
stallments.
$150 to $450— Level Excelsior Homestead lots.
$950 to $5000— Modern cottages': In Sunset,
Richmond. Octanslda and Excelsior Home-
stead; easy terms.
Sunset Branch Office on Ninth ave., near H st.
SOL GETZ & SON, Owners and Dealers,
Room 54. Fourth F)oor, Chronicle Building.
$1100-^-COTTAGE, Y 4 rooms, driveway, barn;
lot 25x100; chicken-house; Arlington street.
_MISSION , REALTY ; CO., 2 Twenty-ninth st; ,
$8000— FOR sale on account leaving city" S-
> room; house- on Webster st., near Pacific
ave.; lot 25x90. Box 628, Call office. ;
FOR sale — 7-room cottage; all modern improve-
ments; cheap.' lltb ave.. Sunset, bet. J ft K.
WEAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR jALB.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO., j .,
1 218 and 220 Montgomery St.,
Mills building.
$2,9,00(1 — Bush-sC flats, northwest
corner of Pierce; 3 new flats
on corner and residence on
Pierce st.; 7 and 8 rooms in
flats; 8 rooms and bath in
residence; rents about $200
-- per month; lot 30x100; al-
ways rented.
$40,000— Post St.; 2 frontages; 40-
'-'.¦:' fo °t lot; grand site for mod-
ern building; near Taylor Bt.
$7,000— Broadway, nr. Devisadero;
nne sfte for -residence; lot
38:6 feet f ront ;' grand ma-
,' ¦ rlne view; a bargain.
$7,600— Broadway near Fillmore;
fine lot, 80x137:6 feet; unob-
structed marine view; price
reduced from $8500.
$30,000— O'Farrell near Jones; in-
vestment of 3 frame dwell-
iJW rents $120; lot 45xl0x .
w:» feet; a great' bargain.
$6,000— Devisadero, near Haight;
residence. 8 rooms and bath; -
lot 25x125. ¦
$8,000— Hqward-st. fiats, 2 blocks
from new postofflce: rents
$64 00 per month.
$7,250— Baker -at., near Jackson; 2
elegant flats; rents $57 50 per
month; lot 25x100 feet.
$7,500^ — Unlon-st. corner, near De-
visadero; elegant marine -
view; lot 52:6x110 feet;
must be sold.
$11,000— Jackson-st. residence of 11
• rooms and bath; modern In \
every way; lot 25x127:814
feet.
$21,250— Jackson-st. corner, pre- V
sldlo Heights; elegant mod-
ern residence of 11 rooms,. 2
baths; first- floor library,
• double parlors, dining room,
beamed celling, paneled oak,
hardwood floors, etc.; four
bedrooms and 2 bedrooms in
attic; lot 37:6xl27:8i4 feet;
• grand marine view.
$3,250 each: Filbert near ScoK;
magnificent marine view; lots
27:6x137:6 each and corner
65x137:6 feet.
i $17.000 — 2d-st. corner, nr. Harrison.
70x93 ft.; flne site for fac-
tory or warehouse purposes.
Get a copy of our printed
list of properties for eale.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE
CO.
; 218 and 220 Montgomery st.,
I Mills bldg.
HOA(S & LANSDALE, — — — ~
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
NEAR THE PARK.
Three swell new modern flats. 1 block from
Golden Gate Park; finely finished throughout;
6, 6 And 7 rooms; lower flat; leased two years
at $32 50; middle and upper will bring $35
and $.'17 50; extra large sunny lot; a splendid
; Investment; only $11,000.
MARINE VIEW LOT.
On riorth side of Jackson st., hear Locust,
overlooking Presidio grounds' and the Golden
Gate: old Improvements renting for $12 50 per
month; minor owner must sell at once, asking
$4000; submit offer; cheapest lot In the dis-
trict.
CLAY-ST. FLATS.
Near Baker: sunny side of street; 6 and 7
rooms; 2 years old; rented to good tenants for
$75; price $8500.
DOWNTOWN.
California, east of Kearny: 4-story brick
; building; low rents bring $130; should be
raised; no leases; price $40,000.
NEW TRACT. X->-
A choice residence tract. Watch for our ad
; next Sunday.
_______
Send for our list of cheap lots in all parts
of the city. We have for sale several flne.
desirable residences in the Western Addition.
HOAG & LANSDALE,
; . 108 Montgomery st., S. F.
BALDWIN & STETSON,
Real Estate Agents, Rent Collectors,
Fire Insurance. Telephone Grant 137.
Twenty years' experience In San Francisco.
317 Montgomery etreet.
See Chronicle— different list.
$21,500— Rent $2616; elegant new flats and
large lot; sunny corner.
J19.50O— Rent ?1020; corner, on Post St., SOx
87:6; 3 flne new sunny modern flats.
?ir.,000 — Good holding to Improve; California
St.. inside of Van Ness ave.
$12,000 — Rent $1080; 3 houses and lot, 50x80;
Guerrero st. •
$11,000— Facing Market St.; rent $1050: 3
elegant sunny flats; 25x100.
$6,000 — Business property; Folsom st.; old im-
provements.
$5,250 — Near Duboce Park; cozy home; nice
lawn and garden.
$5,000 — Rent $480; near 18th and Castro sts.;
2 flats and lot, 25x114.
$3,150 — Bargain to close estate; midst of
mansions; marine view; lot 30x137:6.
$2,750— Western Addition lot, 80x100: good
bargain; to close estate; choice location.
$750 — Mission St.; on line of electric cars;
25x83:6; easy terms.
Call at office and get particulars.
BALDWIN Sc STETSON, 317 Montgomery st.
HOUSE FOR 8ALE,
Are you looking for a home? If so, go and
see that beautiful 7-room sunny house. No. 688
Castro St., near Nlnet««nth; Just completed;
small payment down, balance in easy install-
ments—same as rent; owner on premises.
GREAT bargain — $3100 — Comfortable 6-room
sunny house; large lot. 30x112; large stable \
and loft; new plumbing; $500 cash, easy In-
stallments; forced sale. .410 Maple st., near
Sacramento. .
WE have some special bargains in city prop-
erty; also homes on easy terms in Berkeley
and Alameda: call or send for what you want.
ROTHERMEL &. CO.. 507 California st.
FOR sale cheap — Neat cottage, 4 rooms and
bath; large .basement; terms same as rent.
Apply owner. lumber yard, SE. corner Ala-
bama and Montcalm sts.
$0000 — 4-STORY apartment-house, 106 rooms;
light; supny; elegantly furnished. HEDE-
MARK & JACK CO.. 11 Montgomery st.
BLOCK Of colonial flats, including 2 corners;
nearly finished; lots 34x05; Installments; near
i park, on B St., bet. 3d and 4th aves.
FOR sale — Paying piece of property; 3 flats, 6
and 7 rooms; owner leaving city; no agents.
Address box 2027. Call. I
CHINATOWN income property, cheap; never '
Idle; pay* big; flne investment. Box 523, 1
Call office. ' .
$2800— RENT $30; 3 flats on Vallejo st.. near
Leavenworth. Inquire - 1128 Vallejo st:
TWO flats, 7 rooms and'bath each; only $5000;
bevt buy. In town. 436 Parrott bldg.
A MODEP.N 19-room home on Ashbury St.,
above ,1'anhandle, cheap. Box 2022, Call.
$1 23 PER week: no Interest: lots in the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract; all level; no grad-
inc to do: ready to build your little home
on; close to electric cars and school.
w. j. \wn in,.
26 Montgomery at., room a.
FOR eale— $12,000. cash $2000. 3 swell marine
view , flats not yet oompleted; rents $1320
per annum; north line Green st., Nos. 1801-
66-68, east of Laguna; every room Is and will j
be sunny? every possible latest improvement-
lot 25x137:6. Apply at the premises, 11 to 3.
> '- ¦ ' ' ' : — —
FOR sale— Artistic home, near park: 6 rooms,
bath, servants' room, conservatory; stable,
chicken-house, yard for cow; large lot; three
minutes from four car lines; all aj» good as
new; owner leaving city; open Sunday. 650
Ninth ave., between B and C streets:
$500— WE have been authorized to sell a few
lots. 25x100, only 1 block Mission st.. near
33d St.; street graded, sewered ; $50 cash,
balance $3 month, 8 per rent Interest MIS-
SION REALTY COMPANY. 2 29th st.
FREE homestead presented by. Uncle Sam un-
der new Government canal in Nevada. See
J. E. GORDON. 628 Crossley bldg.. 2:30 to S
. p. . m. dally. ' ,
SNAP — Cosy sunny cottage, 5 rooms, bath and
laundry; latest Improvements; north aide
O'Farrell st.;. $4000 only. Inquire 1303 De-
vlaadero, between ¦ 10 and 12 a. m. .
$7500 EACH— 3 new 8-rooms and bath dwell-
lngs; elegantly furnished; on Fell st., 25
feet west of Fillmore.
MONEY at 8 per cent for the full ooet of
buildings and nnrt lot. Manhattan Savings
Bank. 107-8-i-ll Crocker building.
real J^*^J^rr^^T^S^~^J^>
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 Post St.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers — Rents
Collected — Loans Negotiated.
City Agents for Fireman's Fund Insurance Co.
Publishers of the "Buyer and Seller," a
monthly paper devoted to the Interest of
real estate owners and those Intending to In-
vest. Contains a full list of property for
eale. Free on application.
$8,600— Reduced from $0300 for Immediate
sale; large lot, 27:0x120 to rear street;
2 flats on Hayes st. of 0 and 7 rooms
and bath each, and cottage on Linden
ave.; monthly Income $0S 50.
$3,000 — An offer wanted; large NW. corner.
80x114: Sanchez and Duncan sts.; sult-
¦ able for a builder; will subdivide into 4
large lots.
(12,000 — Frederick St., near Ashbury: new
{ building of 3 flats of 6 rooms aud bath
each; rents $112 60 per month; lot 25x
103.
$ 6,000— Polk st; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms and
bath each; rents $47 60 per month.
$4,200 — Callfornla-st. building lot; sunny side;
splendid frontage; 27:6x132:6; side
sewer to curb line; cheapest lot on the
street.
$1',100 — Sunset District; 3 cottages of S and 4
rooms each; convenient to the cars;
short distance from the Park; price
$1100 each; lots 25x120.
_________ •
$4,500 — House of 6 rooms on Willard St.: rear
entrance for team or automobile; un-
surpaseed view of city, bay, Park and
ocean.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS MARINE VIEW
RESIDENCE SITES.
Selling fast! Prices most reasonable.
Terms to suit.
Property and streets on official grades;
sewer work done: see the buildings now go-
ing on in block.
Bounded by Vallejo, Green, Broderick and
Baker sts. Select your building site. For
further information apply at office.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 Post St.
DOLAN CO.. .open real estate shop, 24 Mont-
gomery st., beg to announce to the public
that we are prepared to offer for sale over
100 pieces of property owned by us In all
parts of the city, ranging in price from $500
to $25,000, as follows: Western Addition flats,
residences and cottages; Mission flats, cot-
tages and flne building lots; Richmond cor-
ners and Sunset lots; we offer all our prop-
erty In open market, always giving through
our advertisement exact location of each
piece, together with street and numbers; un-
der no circumstance* will 'we enter Into any
combine or trust, but always sell for the
lowest possible price, either on very easy
installments or for spot cash. DOLAN CO.,
Open Real Estate Shop, 24 Montgomery st.
WHY, if you want a home in the Mission,
don't you see those lots. 25x125, west line
Noe St., 200 feet south of 19th st.? We fur-
nish you the lot and money to build. You
pay us back same as rent; lots only $1000;
graded, ready to lay foundations; actually
cheap for $1500. DOLAN CO.. owners.
$1500— OFFER wanted; northeast cor. Califor-
nia st. and 18th ave.; 28x100; quarter, cash.
Apply DOLAN CO.. owners. 24 Montgomery.
$1750 — ALMOST new cottage. • 6 large rooms,
bath; brick foundation; high basement; level
lot; Folsom St.. nr. Cortland ave.; $250 to
$500 cash, $15 month. Dolan Co., 24 Montg'y.
$2500— $500 CASH. $20 monthly; 2 flats, 4 and
5 rooms; lot 50x100; 149 Laldley st., nr. 29th
and Sanchez. DOLAN CO., .owners.
$3750— A 0-ROOM residence; porcelain plumb-
ing; modern mantels, tiling; lot 25x120, with
rear L; west line; 120 2d ave., 180 ft. south
Lake or Sacramento St.; $500 cash, $30 mo.;
same as rent; to examine property please get
permit at office. Dolan Co., owners, 24 Mont.
$7000 — I ALMOST new flato. 4, 5 rooms each;
rent'$t55; latest Improvements; 00 ft. front;
K lot. 'JO feet east of Mission St.; 2, 4, 6 and
8 West a— «.. or 32d it; bank mortgage $5000
can be secured at 6 per cent; see property,
then get permit to examine. Dolan Co., owns.
$1500— AN offer wanted; 36x73; Angelica St., at
Youths' Directory, near corner of 19th and
Valencia; street work accepted by the city; If
improved with cheap flats will guarantee 1V_
per cent per month on investment: quarter
cash. DOLAN CO., owners, 24 Montgomery.
F. B. SURRYHNE,
REAL ESTATE AGENT,
138 Montgomery St.
$12,500 — Rents $1200 per annum; an offer
will be entertained: close to Haight and Steln-
er: 3 handsome modern flats, 0 rooms and bath
each.
S'l.'OO — Fell fit., near Laguna: substantial
house. 9 rocms and bath; lot 25x120.
$3750^ — Harrison St., near Fifth; good 2-
story house, 7 rooms and bath: lot 21xS0.
$3000 — Harrison St.. near 2T>th; good house, 6
room* and bath and stable; lot 25x100.
$4250 — Folsom rt.. near 25th; good substan-
tial house, 8 rooms and bath and stable; lot
25x115 to an alley.
$6100— First st.; 2 flats end cottage: rents
$4C: lot 45x08- good prospective property.
i $8000 — Corner on Eleventh St.; clone to Mar-
; ket; store and flat above; lot 25x75; flne
prospective piece.
$S500 — Rents $1>00 per annum; close to Mis-
sion and 13th: 3 modern substantial flats; 6
rooms and bath each.
i $18,500— Ellis St.; 3 substantial flats; rents
$140 pi-r month.
$16,500— Franklin st.; substantial and mod-
em: * flats: rents $150 per month; lot 27:6x00.
$3500 — Gough St., near Broadway; stylish
modern house, 8 rooms and bath.
$G0O<> — Close to Union and Octavia; rents $71.
jnvr.O — Must be sold; near McAllister and
Devlsadero Rts. ; 2 substantial modern flats, 7
and 10 rooms; rents $S0; lot 25x137:6.
$3600 — Rents $42 per month; 4 tenements
south of Market.
I $4500— Rents $47 50; 4 tenements south or
i Market.
$4BO0 — Want an offer; Howard st.; store ani
flat Hbove: rents $.17 50 per month. .
$6S5O — Rents $720 per annum: Clement St..
near 4th ave. ; store and flat above; new im-
provement*: lot 25x100.
June catalogue now ready.
If you contemplate buying a choice building
lot do not fail to look at the property which
I am offering for irale fronting on Devisadero
and Waller ft* and Buena vista ave.; all
etreet work done and stone sidewalk laid: somi
homes now being built on the tract are the
I flnr*t in the city; prices mine from $2000 to
I $4500; terms arranged to suit purchaser.
HAWKS & 6KELT0N,
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property. .
$13,500 — Fine house; Leavenworth, near Clay;
0 rooms and bath; laundry in basement:
building in first-class condition; view of
Golden Gate. from rear.
$12,500— 3 ' new flats, near Halght and Ash-
bury; modern every way; 6, 7, 7 rooms;
mortgage of $6000 can remain, 6 per ct.
$7,350 — Marine view lot: Hyde St., near
Chestnut: 36:8x110; very flne view as-
eurod; .new bulldinfr each side of it; on
Hyde-st. car line.
$10,000 — NW. cor. Larkln and Francisco; 137x
137; has commanding view of the bay
and when Francisco st. Is graded will be
. worth double this price.
$7,CO0 — Octavia st., near Broadway: good
house of 7 rooms and bath; flne view of
bay from front and rear; bare lot is
worth the price: 25x137; make offer.
' HAWKS Sc SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
$2300— NEW cottage; 5 rooms, bath.
Sl.'iOO— 18th St., near Castro; lot 25x85. •
$1250---17th St.. near Hattle; lot 25x100. . £r-
?B500-^-A8hbury st.; handsome residence; 9
room»; 2 baths; automobile room; lot 50x
100.
$12000 — Washington st., near Scott; 3 elegant
¦ flats.
$600— Corner lot: ready to build; 33x112.
Scott, cor. O'Farrell; 8 rooms; lot 25x00.
Snap for builders; Waller, nr. Stanyan: lot
SGxSS: will exchange for Improved prop-
erty.
PATTERSON. Examiner bide, room 202.
A RARE OPPORTUNITY.
For sale by the Mechanics' Home Building
. Company. 2 elegant flats of 5 and 6 rooms;
. In course of construction; must be seen to
be appreciated.
> On the east line of Third ave., bet. A and
B its.; 1 block south, of Point Lobos ave.;
agent on ground.
NELSON. JOHNSON & ~c6" ~ ~~ r ~
203 Montgomery st., opp. Mills bldg.
BARGAINS IT? TIEAL ESTATE.
Foreclosure, Probate and Forced Sales of All
Kinds will be Found in Our
UP-TO-DATE BUYERS' GUIDE.
An illustrated monthly catalogue, containing
a carefully selected list of cheapest properties
offered on the market in every location. Send
us your address and we will mall you ' one.
•NELSON. JOHNSON & CO.. ,
.203 Montgomery St., opp. Mill's bldg.
$3 PER MONTH ~~~ : ~~~ '
Investigate the city of Richmond, where the
Standard. Oil Company. Santa Fe R, R.Co
Southern Pacific R. *R; Co. and numerous
manufacturing plants are at work; lots sure
to Increase In value; all level; maps free. '
• RICHMOND . LAND COMPANY,
. Crocker Building, San Francisco.'
$1850 — MODERN sunny 4-room • cottage ¦ and
bath In Mission. 117 Prospect ave. • «
THB^G^LL
JOHN D. SPKECKKLS Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHN* McX AUGHT , MAgggg
¦\V. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TEX DOIiLAUS REWARD.
Notify The Call Office U Yon Mis*
Your PaiKT.
If for any cause THE CAI* to not ds-
ZlTcred rejriilarly to subscribers please
call up "CAU. EXCKAKQE" and notily
Subscription Cleric In charge. Tour com-
plaint will receive pro-apt attention.
A standing- reward of Ten Hollars
(S10.00) is offered for tne arrest and
conviction of any one caua-.it steallns;
THE CALX.. *
TELEPHONE.
Atk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third, 8. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies S Cts.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage iCash With
Order) : .
DAILT CALL <inc!ud. Sunday). 1 year $8-00
DAILT CALL (lnclud. Sunday), 6 mos... 4^00
DAILY CALL— By Single Month "Be
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2 -^
WEEKLY CALL, 1 Year 1<X>
,' Daily... $8.80 Per Year Extra
FOREIGN J unc iay. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. \ w*«kly. 1.U0 Per * rar Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Caiarle Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested. .
Mall subscribers In ordering change <*»<>:
«re«s should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDKES3 In order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with tueir re-
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2148 Center 6treet Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
CAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 81
Union Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-ave-
nue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS 6TANDS!
8he— nan House; P. O. News Co.; Oreat
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATTvTEs
C GEORGE KROGNESS..Ma— tuette Building
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2C19-")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
BTEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C CARLTON Herald Bquar*
BCFINE6S OFFICE of the 8aa Franeisoo
Call, corner Market and Third streets; opea
feetil 12 o'clock *very nlrht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
XOOe Market street. cppo_te Fifth; opea until
11 p. m.
K27 Montgomery street, comer Clay, opea
Until 0:30 p. m.
BOO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
£39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. ra.
SMI MiM.on street; open until 10 p. m.
tifl Market street, comer Sixteenth; opea
UCttl !(. D.
J?6 Eleventh street; open until l»a
JCP6 >«'ei;e!a etreet: open until 9 p. ra.
rtcrtbeact corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until t p. m.
Ncrthwe«t corner of Twenty-seeond and Ken-
*JJ ck 2 • tr * et *: open ontll 9 p. m. . * • - .
1200 FlUmore street; open until 9 P. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVTXG TOWN'
FOR THE SUMMER.
CALL subscribers contemplating a
ehaxre of residence darter the sun i— ier j
mentas can nave their vaper forwarded :
by mall to their new address by notify- i
Iar THE CALL Business 02.ee. This |
paper wlU also be on sale at all summer
rescrts and Is represented by a local
agent tn all towns on tne coast.
KKAX.T'E«TATK CITY KOrt SM.K..
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 64S MARKirFsT.
$75,000— 5-etory brick apartment house; rents !
for $<<u(n» iK>r annum und«-r a net guar- :
antefd ieaee; 9 years to run; lot 40x120; j
on Post — .. near Hyde: the itnpro\-ements !
art only 1 year old and the best of their
das*.
Reduced to force sale. $52.500— Nine new mod- i
ern fiats, well built; rented low. $5175 per |
tcnurn; on Washington St., near Van
Ness ave.; lot 77:6x127:6^. . i
$13,500 — New modern 3-etory brick stable; 75 i
stalls; large carriage room; hay loft, etc.; i
rents $175 r*r month; lot 50xl20; near !
Oold*n Gate Park. .
$45.000— 4-«cry and basement hotel on Taylor ]
et_, close to Post: rests under a guaran- ;
teed leaee of 9 years at $27uO pe» anaum. !
$S.«X>— 2 beautiful modern flats, «-7 rooms !
and bath on the very best part of Fred- ¦
erick Ft.; rents $S70; lot 25xl2S; this is
exceptional value.
$7750— Three modern flats on Eddy Bt., near
Eteiner; rests $810; lot 25x87:6.
$5250— Two new modern flats. 6-5 rooms and
bath on Masonic ave., near Frederick; :
lot 25x100; rents $540. .
$2600— Handsome house of 7 roomn and bath; I
h*rn for 6 horses; gtreet bltumlnlted.
etc.; on Alabama *t., near 26th; lot 2Sx
UK); rents $264; improvements should be '
remodeled into flats. :
J»AYS OVER 1 PER CENT PER MONTH !
NET. .
$3.10(V— 2 flats of 4 rooms and bath each; i
aim-ayt rented to the best of tenants; by !
aeeuming the mortgage of $$00 this prop- '
eit? P»>« as above, after Insurance, i
taxes, water bill and interest are de- ,
ducted from Income; near Lcavenworth
and Vallejo st»,
HOWARD-HTREET PROPERTY
$12,600— North line of Howard et.. bet. Flrrt
. • and Second ets.; 2 flats; Improvements'
old; iuture prospects flrst-clase; 25x85 ft. j
$13,500 — An elegant southwest corner: business
property; 32x100: store and 3 fiats of 5-
S-S tionF; modern; renting extremely
low for $1500 per annum; $S5CK> cash re- !
quired.
MIPSION BARGAIN.
17,000 — Four fau of 4 rooms and bath each;
a gilt-edge investment with a double
tront&tre; 3^:«xll5; iwver idle, and tne
present Income of $S40 per annum of 1
per cent per month has been paid for
the last 3 years; on Capp street.
PACIFIC- A VENUE RESIDENCE.
I!-.'.T.(«> — 2-story residence of 11 rooms; sunny
Mde of Pacific ave.. near Van Ness;
lot :sOxl37:«.
$3,750— First s>ve., near 10th; 75x100.
|10,0(xt— Grand northeast corner on Central
ave.; lot 106:3x100.
We are wl'.ing Pa!o Alto lots for $275; thickly
wooded; beautifully situated and espe-
cially desirable: &0xl50 feet. Apply for
particulars.
*to-day'f Bulletin we publish a full page
of specially selected bargain* in Ban
Francisco real estate; these properties
are all desirable and we have taken
pains to pic«c out only the best of each
cla*». If you are looking for barrains
in San Francisco realty you cannot afford
to mis* looking over this list. Free
copies of the ad on application at our
office.
C. M. WOOSTER CO., 64S Market etreet.
B. GLTZ. Room 22.. Chronicle Bldg.
OWNER AND DEALER.
NEW BLOCK on the OCEAN BEACH.
STREETS GRADED.
Lots Level en the Grade to Build Upon.
Superb View of the Ocean
Eaejr Monthly Installments— Perfect Bargains.
$00 to t«00 — Ocean Heights and boulevard lots.
$350 to $W» — 18th-ave. boulevard lots; graded.
$250 to $1200— Eunset and Richmond lots; on
block facing £preckles Lake ¦ and new Park
epeed track; eaey payments.
$150 up— Excelelor Home-stead lots; level on
grade; city water; Mlssioa-et. cars.
$76 to S10O— Oceen View level lots; streets
graded; city water; name your own payments, j
$1000 to $5000 — Modern houses and cottages in
all districts on very easy Installments. !
Call at My Office. Room 22. Second Floor.
Chronicle Building.
CHOICE CORNER FOR BALE.
Thre* new Sats on cor. of 18th and Diamond
st».; finished to the queea's taste; open for
In— >ectlon. D. CONDON, builder, on prem-
ises.
REAL ESTATE — CITY—FOR- SALE.
O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery St.,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
$42.500— Choice lot on Polk St.. close in; 3
frontages; splendid site for apartment
boubc or hotel; mortgage of $20,000 can
remain. .
$33,500— Rents $2340 per annum: splendid cor-
ner on Laguna St.; Improvements con-
sist of store*, flats and houses; 3l:Jx
120. with L 50x48 on rear street.
$15.000 — A splendid piece of south of Market
st. property: clone to railroad depot;
rents $1122 per annum; double cottage
of 7 rooms each: store and 2 flats: corf
ner with 3 frontages; brick foundation,
etc.; 35xlC0.
$12,000—3 elegant new flats on Masonic ave..
renMng for $1350 per annum; 0-0-. rooms
and bath each; mortgage can wim«i.
$12,C00— 3 very nice new bay-window flats of 6
rooms and bath each; In the Panhandle
district; renting for $110 per month;
mortgage of $3000 can remain; 25x125
$10,000— R*nt $9eo p*r annum: 2 new flats of 5
rooms and bath each and store leased
for 6 years: 14th-«t, corner.
$8,250— Rents $810 per annum; jailer St..
flats of 6-9 rooms; new and in splen-
did condition: lot 137:0 deep.
$8,650— Kents ?(K» per annum; 3 new flats.
Mission warm belt: t>-0 rooms and bath
each: mortgage of f325O can remain; lot
24 *Hxl**5
$8 (KxC-Nice* bay-window residence of 8 rooms
and bath; Scott St.; a bargain.
$5.600— Rent $600 per annum; Fulton St..
flats of 4-4 rooms each and cottage of 5
rooms; large mortgage can remain; 27:Cx
120 to rear street. .-—_-,
$3 760— Kent $30 per month: mortgage $2.00
can remain; Richmond residence of I
rooms and bath; new and modern; 26x
$3.750— lients $450 per annum; near 8th and
Harrison ets.; 4 flats of 3 rooms each;
3OxS0; mortgage can remain.
$3 250— -New modern Richmond Cats of 0-0
rooms and bath each; renting for $570
per annum: only $1250 cash required;
farce lot. 28x106:6.
$2.800 — Rents $45« per annum: unusual bar- ¦
gain: 8 choice flats; good location in
Mloclon: 4-5-4 rooms and lot, 25x122:0.
$2.250— Elegant building lot on Cart St.;
rplendld neighborhood: 25x137:6; street
bltuminiied and accepted by the city.
For further particulars of the above and for
the •'Real Estate Record." containing a list of
properties for sale in all pans of the city. In-
quire at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN St CO..
20 Montgomery St.,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
PARK LOTS.
Grand view of the ocean.
They are selling fast; $100 and upward: lots
with a fine future); buy one; you can pay for
it $2 50 monthly.
RICHMOND LOTS.
20th ave. and Luke st.
Grand view of the bay and the Golden Gate;
only $800 each; sure to double In value; look
at them to-day.
23d ave., one block from Fulton-street car
line; youi choice of four loU at $500 each;
SUNSET HEIGHTS.
Only $650; last two lots left at that figure
orj 14th ave., two blocks from cars.
PARNASSUS HEIGHTS. •
Three fine building lots can be bought separ-
ately on 3d ave.; street work bltumlnlzed. ; v .
CLARENDON HEIGHTS.
$350 each: two lots with a grand view; street
macadamized; at entrance to Sutro Park, near
Stanyau st.; $5 monthly.
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD.
$150 to $200 each; only a few left of these
cheap lots; close to Mission St.; $5 monthly.
LOTS IN THE MISSION.
$75 upward to $1500; close to all car lines;
send for diagrams.
SOUTH S. F.. NEAR KENTUCKY ST.
Lots from $75 to $300; close to Kentucky-
street cars and adjoining flne homes; all on
eaey payments.
BOULEVARD LOTS.
Grand health resort; 47th ave. and D St..
one block from the electrlo cars and facing
Golden Gate Park; thece lots can be built on;
nothing finer In that locality; easy terms.
COTTAGES.
RENT MONET TERMS.
52950— New modern 5-room and bath cottage;
electric lights and every convenience; near 24th-
street electric cars.
$30<» — Folsom St., near 26th, 0-room and bath
! cottage; 2 mantels; a flne home.
! $2100 — 2 new 4-room and bath cottages, on !
' lot 50x120 each, halt a block from San Bruno ;
i electric cars. *
$1600 — t-room cottage, corner, on San Jose j
av»-.. fronting Mission-street car line; large lot.
$1450 — 4-room cottage on Richmond ave.,
clow to Mission st. .
$1200— 4-roDm cottage, stable, ttc. on Silver
avt. end San Bruno road; very cheap.
OSCAR HEYMAN,
14 Post et..
Also office of the Jacob Heyman Company.
i VON KHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
_________
" LEAVENWORTH-ST HOME.
$6000 — 2S:llxS0 to rear street: Leavenworth
I el., near California; improvements consist of
j house of 6 rooms and bath.
FREDEKICX-ST. BUILDINI _OT.
I $1850—25x100; south line of Frederick, near
; Williard; adapted for home.
VAN NESS-AVE. CORNER.
i 66x125: a cortier in the most desirable por-
! Uon of Van Ne6s ave.; in one or two lots.
i 'JONES-ST. BAY-WINDOW FLATS.
$ll.uui> — 40x137:6; Jones St.. near Greenwich;
' 4 modem flats, renting for SS7 50.
I PROMINENT MISSION CORNER. !
i $15.000— MxSO; NE. cor. 24th and Shotwell;
' improvements consist of store, flats and house;
; renting for $112 per month.
F0L6OM-ST. INVESTMENT.
$13,000—25x100 to Shipley St., between 6th
and Cth: improvements, stores and flats, rent-
i ing for $88 50 per month.
' CORNER POLK AND WASHINGTON STS.
100x102 :S 1 4: one of the best business locali-
i ties on Polk it. ;. will be sold cheap.
! SEVENTH-ST. BUSINESS LOT.
1 $3600— 2SxS5: 7th St.. near Bryant; In a rap-
' Idly growing business locality.
| CORNER FRANKLIN AND LOMBARD STS. '
I $2250—27:6x100; SE. cor.i Lombard and
; Franklin sts.
TURK-BT. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
: $42,500—27:6x137:6; Turk, near Taylor; old
Improvements renting for $100 per month.
i WASHINGTON-ST. FLATS.
i $15,000—25x100; north line of Washington,
J near Lyon; Improvements consist of 3 flats of
I 7 rooms and bath each; renting for $1500 per
I year. ;
j ;
CALIFORNIA
I TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COM-
; PANY. 410 MONTGOMERY ST.,
I MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
i • COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN HAY-
WARD BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
FALSE IMPERSONATION, Invalid* powers
of Attorney, Insane granters and forged deeds
make the insurance policy of the California
, Title Insurance and Trust Company a univer-
I sal necessity.
THE CAL. TITLE INS. AND TRUST CO.
IN ITS TRUST DEPARTMENT accepts trusts
by deed or by will when the trust funds are
' to be invested In real estate and other securi-
ties for the purpoce of endowing colleges.
I churches, hospitals and educational, religious
\ and charitable institutions. Wills drawn and
cared for by the company free of charge.
. THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant or copy of the real estate rec-
ords, constructed especially for Insuring real
estate titles like modern plants of New York
Gorton. Chicago and Eastern cities; reason-
| able ratee; regular trust company business
transacted under State charter; all matters
1 controlled and managed by the following
i DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD,
President Bank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP,
Vice Pres. Bank of California.
! ROBERT BRUCE. *
Of Balfour. Gutbrle &. Co.
. HENRY L. DAVIS.
President California Optical Co. !
i P. N. LILIENTHAL.
Manager Anglo-Califorinan Bank.
WARREN OLNEY.
Olney & Olney, Atty's and Counselors.
CHARLES PAGE.
Page, McCutchen 4b Knight, Att'ys
A. T. SPOTTS. Manager.
R. D. CRANSTON & SONS.
114— Montgomery et.— 114 ,
Call or send for our June catalogue.
$10.000— Rents $1«*5; six elegantly furnished
flats of 4 rooms and baths on runny key
lot. 29x100; in Western Addition; theso
flats are a good permanent Investment.
$13.000 — Pays $1470 per annum: 2 fine fiats of
. 5 and 6 rooms and baths; prettily fin-
ished and colored; also on a key lot;
no dark rooms; near Baker and Hayes.
A bargain for a builder.
$9,000— 90-foot corner on Ellis, near Fill-
more; Just the lot for' the small flats
which rare In demand now.
Attention.
What Is not mentioned in our advertisement
l-i listed in our office. Call for catalogue and
let -us get just what you. want.
JOSEPH BTRAUB. 630 Market SC . »
$1300— Good cottage of 4 rooms; large lot
$1600— CotUge of 4 rooms and basement; near
Dolores and Clipper; cheap.
$5250— NE. cor. 23d st. and Bryant ave.; a
cottages; stable; plenty room for flats; 50x00.
! - $2000 — fine bay-window cottage. 4 rooms;
hl*h basement: cement foundation; large lot.
' $1500— Elegant cottage. S rooms, bath: with
small expense could make flats; Dear Marl-et,
H EAL ESTATE— Conntry —-.For s»l».
WHITE & BAYr-EY.
Successors to
W. J WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$12,500 — Splendid stock ranch an<l general
farm 2C0O acres; 4 miles from courthouse.
Mendccino County: 200 acres tillable; 2 com-
plete sets of farm buildings; well supplied with
water and an abundance of live oak timber,
there are several patches suitable for alfalfa.
$£000 — Only 3», miles of GeyserTllle, the Gem
of Sonoma County: H mile good school: rural
mall delivery; 50 acres; ::0 acres rich bottom
land: 2 acres orchard; 15 acrrs vineyard, all
bearing; 5 acres alfalfa: well fenced and cro»»
fenced; 5- room house 2 goo<l barns, nice
spring; have other bargains In this superb sec-
tion.
$2500—13 acres level land. 7 miles of San
Jose; all in vineyard; house.
$2,000 — 40-acre dairy and poultry ranch. 1
mile of town: hill land; 2 houses; barn; corral;
poultry houses; 2 Incubators; 5J brooders; farm-
ing tools; fenced: 4 cows; 2 horses; 223 chick-
ens: fine market.
$800—4 acres in Frultvale: lease 4 years; $17
per month: nice 5-room cottage; 23 poultry
houses: yards fenced 6-ft. wire netting; brood-
ers; incubators; 5UO chickens; mostly bearing
orchard
$32tXK-In city limits of Petaluma: 2M acres;
neat cottage; barn; 5 poultry bouses: 2 brood-
ers- 1 Incubator: 2 wagons; harness; hors<-;
Jersey cow; 450 chickens: all in bearing fruit;
see photos of select Petaluma homes at thU
office.
$3000—3 miles of Santa Hosa: 200 acres; 20
acres tillable soil; BOO cords of wood; house:
barn; running water; 10 head of cattle; 25 heart
of hogs; other bargains In thU superb section.
$600— Only 1 mile of town: 80 acres: house,
trees vlrifs berries; 13 acres bottom land;
; placer and quarts gold; 2 garden patches, out-
' side range tools, furniture; farced sale.
. $40u0— Near Merced City, on main road: «0
acres rich land; 5 acres bearing olives, lo
acres alfalfa 5}» acres bearing orchard; 2
' well*; all under ditch; flne cottage; ft roomi;
j steel windmill and tank: gogd barn: toolhou»e:
• granary; poultry houses; Incubator house*: nice
Income; cash or trade bay counties property.
ALFALFA LANDS.
Rich black land, near Stockton, subdivided In
small tracts at $65 per acre; one-third of crop
with place
Adjnining the town of Lodl. both bearing
vineyard land and unimproved under ditch;
$125 to $165 per acre.
$50 per acre; 10 acres up; under ditch; 4 ! '_.
miles from Lodi. on main county road: also
land on the Stanislaus ditch as low as $15 an
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
1 have several partlea with good Income prop-
erty to trade for cheap country homes; also
j lodging-houses; many cash buyers; list your
! property.
! $2500— eo acres; 5 miles from Santa Crua; 29
i acres under cultivation, balance rolling and
! some steep; small orchard and vineyard, bear-
i ing; good 7-room house, barn, outbuildings;
! bank foreclosure: $300 down and balance
' monthly payments If desired.
I $SO0O — Beat ranch In Southern Oregon; 320
! acres; 2 sets good Improvements; well fenced;
! orchard; 5 horses; farming tools; otslde range.
f $4300 — 30 acres close to Morgan Hill. Santa
| Clara County; 20 acres bearing orchard and
vineyard. 10 acres hill pasture; nice hard
finished cottage of 5 rooms; outbuildings: fine
Income; would trade for income city property
I $1100— Only 6 miles from courthouse: SO
I acres; orchard, vineyard, house, outbuildings;
| part cash; near Red Bluff.
• $17.000 — Finest ranch In San Joaquln County.
! between Stockton and Lodi; water near sur-
i face; good house, outbuildings, barn, corrals;
, 450 acres rich land. 1 mile of Calaveras River.
on main read: mortgage $3400; would trade for
; first-class property near city
I $4500 — Near Newcastle: 2i acres; oranges.
' cherries, peaches. lemons plum* and apples;
small but nl<-» house; only $ir^X> down; hav-
bargains tn tnls vicinity from $10f>0 up.
$2250—10 acres, all In apricots just com-
I mvnclng to bear; 6 miles from San Jose; lovely
, home: half cash.
$1700 — In Sonoma City: 3% acres: all level;
good house, barn, windmill, tanknouxe: 13 poul-
> try houses and yards: some alfalfa; spring
wagon; 50O chickens; feedhouse.
$3500^ — 136 acres east of San Jose; 123 acres
in hay; good soil.
Seed stamp for printed list.
WHITE & BAYLEY.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St., Room 8.
- Property Exchanges a Specialty.
8TOCK RANCHES A SPECIALTY.
California. Nevada. Arizona- Mexico stock
ranches for their value for grazing — vaat tracts
j suitable for subdivision and colonization. Val-
! aabie not alone for grazing, but for timber, ag-
| riculture, oil. minerals or town sites. We bava
I many tracts where frost never occurs Wo
j have many valuable pasture lands wh-re j;;a"<s
I cattle are fat in April, when beef commands
j the highest price.
' ¦ ¦:¦*¦ -. •
We have business irr inerty that will ray 8
per cent net on cost for five or ten yearV loise.
We have residences up to date, in the land of
the lemon, orange, sunshine, fruit and flowers.
We have many beautiful orchard homes In
the famed Santa Clara Valley, near the Garden
City of California, Good dairy and alfalfa
ranches.
We can offer a Mexican grant that will sup-
port 10,000 head of cattle for only $50.00-.>.
CHARLES W. COE A CO..
Real Estate, Cattle and Leans,
73-79 Auzerais b!4g.. San Jose. Cat.
A HOME. Indeed — 110 acres In the famons or-
chard section of the Western Slope. Pajaro
Valley, within 3 miles of ti.P.R.R. ; 23 acres
In apples. 10 in apricots, 15 m French prunes.
2 In Bartlett pears. 1 In cherries. 11 acres
full-bearing vines; good house: winery; barn:
fruit house; stock sheds; water piped to all
buildings from a living spring.
OAFFEY & MA HON.
505 California st.
CHICKEN AND PIGEON RANCH — On San
Bruno road, near Stx-mile House, on line.
Kentucky-st. cars. Vlsltaelon Valley; Iarg«
lot. well Improved: good house and barn:
windmill and tank; pigeon loft 7H feet long:
first-class chicken-bouse: good Income. For
sale by OAFFEY * MAHON.
50S California st.
$1COO SFECIAL— MUST BE SOLD.
Santa Cruz Mountain ranch home; 57 acre*.
14 acres clear; 40O fruit trees loaded; bal-
ance Umber (10CO cords), pnys for place;
house, barn, chicken houses, corn bin. 3
springs, unfailing stream; good trout fishing;
hunting and wild berries: small outlay will
make model home or summer resort; climat*
ideal; see photos. Full particulars, terms,
etc.
;-£ ALBERT W. BELL.
211 Montgomery st., S. F. Phon* Jaha 16SM
or address Palo Alto.
$1200 — CONTRA COSTA County. 8 ac~ -; good
house, barn; plenty water; all bearing al-
monds and family orchard; 1 mile from, Santa
Fe: soil sandy loam; easy terms.
$35C0— Contra Costa County; 22 acrea; fan-
bearing orchard; good bouse, barn and out-
buildings: plenty water; 1 mile from railroad;
3 miles from steamer landing; a bargain.
HEDEMARK Sc JACK CO.. 11 Montgomery st.
FRUIT lands In Contra Costa County. 10 ac— m
up. $50 per acre; and some bargains In AJa-
meda County. HEDEMARK A JACK CO..
11 Montgomery st.
STOCK ranches. BOO to 60,000 acres. $7 to $20
per acre; Mendocint. Shasta. San Luis
Oblapo and Contra Costa counties; call at
office for list. HEDEMARK A JACK CO..
11 Montgomery st.
A SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAIN HOME.
120 acres, with a $4500 crop; books to show;
an established summer resort; sprinkled
road: rural delivery; over 23 per cent net
Income; good reasons for selling; price $10.-
000. B. H. NOBLE, Los Gatos. OU.
CHARCOAL burners — We have 200 acres
heavy oak. manzanita and madrone timber
to turn into charcoal; will sell for royalty
or percentage; three mi!e« from R. R. ; down
hill: easy to reach. Hermosa Ranch Co.,
Cloverdale, Cal.
COLMA residence property — For sale, large
lots, cheap; good car service; new 4-rootn
cottage; desirable spot; lot 10O feet square:
good well water; $1200. Inquire R. S.
THORNTON. Hearst building, room 418.
37 ACRES — 2fr clear; young vines, fruit trees;
2 dwellings; barn, stable; 16. stalls; out-
"houjes; good for summer 'resort; bargain;
must sell; departure. J. STRAUB. 630 Mar-
ket «t.. S. F.
SMALL ranch. 27*4 acres. 0 miles from Wat*
sonvllle: about 100O young apple treea, bal-
ance grain land. JOY & MAYER, Watson-
vllle.- Cal.
SOUTHERN Oregon Irrigated lands, dairy
farms, stock ranches, alfalfa land, timber
land, mines. 3. C. TRAYNER. 604 Kearny.
160 ACRES, southeastern part Monterey Court
ty. KOEHLER. 3739 Seventeenth st.
POIMT lUCimo.VD REAL ESTATE.
POINT RICHMOND
IS GROWING FASTER
THAN ANY OTHER TOWN
IN THE STATE.
Fortunes *1H be made m Real Estate.
THE SANTA FE TRACT
Offers the Best Opportunities.
LoU all level.
Ready to build on.
Streets graded.
Bitumen sidewalks.
$5 monthly.
McEWEN BROS.
* 119 Montgomery st.
ALTA PUNT A TRACT at Stege. on Santa Fi
and electric roads; land $300 per acre; lot*
60x200 at $150; orchard of 15 acres and
buildings $40O per acre; monthly payments;
send for maps, etc. Haight. 401 Cal. st. B. F.
FOUR choice lots cheap for eaia, Apply 321
Bush »u\ third, floor, room 4,THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE o, 1904:
43
OAKLAND ADV'T'SM'NTS.
OFFICE, 1010 -BROADWAY.
I OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE.
¦ LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460-402 Eighth St.. Oakland.
! INVESTMENTS
$90,000 — Banking center: flne 3-story business
block;' pays 6 net.
, $40,000 — Corner 100x100; close to center; flne
building; pays 7 net; flne future.
$9500— Splendid buy In flat*; 55 feet front:
within 600 feet business center; good
future.
RESIDENCES
$12,500— SPECIAL SALE — Fine 12-room
i house; furnace: lot 07x150; barn; Lake-
side district; 3 blocks to banking cen-
ter; new bank mortgage of $3000; ex-
! tra choice offering; opposite new Ebell
Club site; purchase this week. A pick up.
$6500 — Magnificent residence, Shakespearean
style of architecture > 8 rooms and bath;
commanding view; terraced lot, 50x125;
one of the choicest homes and locations
I on Oakland Heights.
$4650 — Select Telegraph home; 8 rooms; close
in; $3000 mortgage can remain.
$4000 — Modern two- story house, 10 rooms; 50
xlOO; convenient to locals and Broad-
way; house cost $6000. Bargain.
$3850— SUBURBAN SNAP— Nearly 4 acres;
San Leandro road; modern building:
Ktore and 6-room flat above; insured
$2500; flat mortgage $2100. This side of
Elmhurst.
$3500 — Modern 7-room house, near High
School; free library; convert into flats.
Cheap.
1 $3500— Modern house. 9 rooms and bath; good
rental; convenient to both locals. High
School and city center: Market street.
Close in.
$3500 — Two stores; 2 flats; 2 cottages; near
prominent local station; rapidly advanc-
ing: rents steadily $.1800: 40x100.
1 TWO GOOD INVESTMENTS—
! $3350— Pair modern flats, 6 and 6 rooms each;
lot 40x120; choice location; rents $33.
$3450 — Fine house, modern 11 rooms and
bath; lot 50x150; cost over $6000; elevat-
ed; nice location.
EXTRA FINE^
$3100 — Extra flne modern house. 7 rooms and
bath; 2 mantels; 2 toilets; basement and
cement walks; 30- foot frontage; $2000
mortgage at 8 per cent; near Piedmont
Baths.
$3000— Choice modern ' house, 7 rooms and
bath and alcove; rents $27 60; Al condi-
tion; near 18th and West. A flne buy.
$3000 — New modern house, 7 rooms; 45x140;
corner; flne location: easy terms.
$2650 — Modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath;
50x140; near. Thirtieth and Grove sts.
$3000 — Modern cottage, 6 rooms and bath;
46x118; street work complete; near Tel-
egraph ave. and Key Route.
$2350 — Pretty cottage, 5 rooms and bath;
35x140; nice location; driveway; 35th st.
$2350 — Modern cottage, 6 rooms and bath; 6
minutes' walk to City Hall.
$2300 — Modern house. 6 rooms; 75x200; street
work complete; flne elevation; specula-
tive future: near Piedmont Hatha.
NEAR PIEDMONT SPRINGS
$2250 — Modern cottage, 7 rooms, bath; lot 40x
157; street work complete; rent $25.
BARGAIN
$2250 — Modern 8-room house: lot 40x100; fine
view; near park. Buy now before owner
changes his mind.
$1400— OFFER WANTED— 7-room house;
modern plumbing; above Seventh street;
near railroad shops.
$1650 — Modern cottage. 4 rooms, bath and
basement; near Fortieth and Grove sts.;
Key Route; easy terms.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460-462 Eighth Street,
Oakland.
A PALATIAL HOME SACRIFICED .
1 ?13.500, recent cost $22,000— Perfect New
England or Eastern architecturally designed
home, modern and replete with every artistic
feature; 2-story; 10 rooms; flne attic; flne
grounds; 110x200; superb location: Influential
neighbors; flne homes; most perfect warm.
belt climate In Oakland; quick and conven-
ient car service to San Francisco; a perfect
home.
Must be sold
' ....Let us show you
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO
4U0 and 462 8th st
Oakland
1 $1500— EASY payments; new 4-room and bath
house; lot 30x100; 0 minutes' walk to S. P.
local, 10 minutes' walk to Key route, 26
minutes to foot of Market St., 8. F.
$350— Fine lot near local; 26 minutes to Mar-
ket st., S. F.
$18.10 — 32d St., sear Key route; S rooms and
bath.
'$300 — Lots; 6 minutes' walk to local. -. ;
$2000 — New 5-room bungalow house; 3 minutes'
walk to local; terms to suit.
$2760— Few blocks to local; new 6-room I}£-
story tmngalow; terms to suit. v
Beautiful Piedmont residence; lot 76x150; best
neighborhood.
$1800— Linda Vista lot; 60x120; best neighbor-
hood.
WM. P. TODD.
1070 Broadway, Oakland.
MANUFACTURERS AND EVERYBODY. ;
SEE THIS FINE BUILDING SACRIFICED.
I have for sale a large building at Elmhurst.
CaL a suburb of Oakland, built for a hotel,
but too large for the place, and I have a lata
order to sell it for the best price I can get.
The building is 50x100 feet and contains 4U
large rooms; a gas plant in good* order in a
building in the 'rear, and gas and water fix-
tures all over the house. The lot is on the
principal street with street railroad in front;
and is 115x136:7 feet ort Jones ave.: a cement
sidewalk 15 feet wide on two sides. It Is
well adapted for any kind of manufacturing,
with electric power plant near by; or a hun-
dred other purposes to be suggested. The
owner Is a very old man and is closing up his
affairs and says SELL for WHAT IT WILL
BRING. See the building and make me an offer.
1209 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$500 CASH, $12 monthly— Cottage of 5 rooms
and bath, cellar and basement; good barn,
stable chicken houses, chicken runs. 30 as-
sorted' fruit trees, all in flne beartngt « Bel-
gian hares, 20 fine laying hens, nice garden
and lots of flowers; some furniture goes with
place; 125 feet fronting on main road, by
good depth; sandy loam soil; near electric
cars, church and school; an Ideal locality;
adjoining East Oakland; away from fogs and
winds- price In all $1425. Call or send for
circular 455 7th st;, opposite Pi-oadway sta-
tion. Oakland. Carriage free. H. 2. JONES.
Land Owner.
F. F. PORTER.
$2750—1330 LINDEN St.; lot 40x100; T rooms:
thoroughly modernised.
$13 60 per foot for M block in West Oakland;
can be Improved to net 15 per cent on in-
vestment: owner leaving for Nome and
sacrificing.
1X000— A neat cottage near Lake Merrltt: 300-
foot mineral well; directly in line of im-
provements.
F. F. PORTER, 468 Eighth St.
r— " : _
ALDEN REALTY CO..
61S4 Telegraph ave. Phone Black 6481
$373 — 50x162, In Rose Lawn Tract.
$475—50x120. near "Key" route.
$1100—103x170; select location for country
home and close to "Key" route.
$17(K) — 5-room house and bath; new; near
"Key" route ferry and Berkeley.
$5500— Elegant country home; large house;
flne grounds; one acre; select neighborhood.
HUGH M. CAMERON.
13200—4 cottages of 5 rooms each; lot lOOx
100- near Telegraph ave. and Key rou"te; rent
$32 per month; bank mortgage $2200 can stand.
S3450 2 new modern flats of 6 rooms each;
corner lot 30x«0; Will rent for $38 per month.
S1700 Cottage of 6 rooms and bath;. lot 25x
90- all street work done; rent $17 per month.
HUGH M. CAMERON,
1058 Broadway.
IF you want a flne location for a home on
Monte Vista ave. or Piedmont ave.. one
block from the Key route, one fare to San
Francisco 20 minutes' walk to the main
• postofflce. free delivery of mall at your
home • good schools, pure water, terms to
suit 'see the owner of Rose Park. P.' J.
KELLER, on the premises, or at his office,
464 Ninth . st.. Oakland. -
t HAVE $3000 and wJsh to buy a home be-
tween West st. and Telegraph ave.. north
of Twentieth st. Having no time except
Sunday I would like to have some addresses
sent me of horr.es in this district. Please
• state all particulars and address MRS. B.,
box 1202 Call office. Oakland.
•4000 FINE modern house, with stable; 4
blocks from Key Route and Santa Fe depot;
9 rooms and bath; lot. 60x160; well improved;
north side; elevated; suitable for one or two
families. Address Owner. 820 36th st.. Oak-
• l*°d.- ¦ ' --."* V -¦ ¦ - .'••¦•'
A BARGAIN.
$2760— Only, for 'a 2-story / 8-room house; lot
60x132; Kood well of water: 1423 Linden st.
For information see P. C. LASSDN, 468
¦• Tenth St., Oakland. • • . '. - |
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'3rNTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A BARGAIN.
$2100^-$200 cash, balance $20 per month, in-
cluding interest; 5 large rooms; flne
mantel, stationary tubs, high basement;
2 blocks to both trains; sunny side of
street; strtet work all done; cement walks.
$2300 — Nearly new 4-rcom cottage; alt fur-
nished; pew piano; lot 50x135; fruit trees
and beautiful flower garden, chicken-
house, plgeon-houEe; % block to train;
owner East.
?25i>0 — Fine corner store with one 4-room flat
and one 5-room flat; lot 64x100; 1 block
from station; snap.
$3300 — New 0-room house on corner lot. 50x100:
double parlors; large dining-room; side-
board: fine mantel; porcelain bath; open
plumbing; toilet up and downstairs; large
v.aihioom; fine neighborhood; 3 blocks
to both trains: electric cars, stores, etc. ;
$500 cash, balance $25 per month.
$4500— This piece Is cheap at $10,000; flno
corner, 284x100: all business property,
including bakcoven end bakehouse that
cost 5700; store and stock which will
net $100 per month; two-etory building
consli<ting of stores, etc.; living rooms;
must be sold at once; present owner re-
tiring on account of old age, belnff 82
years old "and in poor health; a flne
chance for wood and coal yard.
$2250— New 5-room cottage; large lot; street
work all done; 3 blocks to both trains;
$500 cash. bal. $20 per month; l»Face will
rent for this.
$2200— Good as new; 5-room cottage; double
parlorr; flne mantel: bath; high basement;
brick foundation; 3 blocks to train: 1013
Fifty-seventh st.. Golden Gate station.
$21C0— 7-room cottage; on 80-root Ft.; \<a block
to cars; fruit tree*, all bearing; good
well; lot 50x140; a snap; street work all
1 done. Including cement walks.
$3CC0 — $SCO cash, balance $30 per month; this
place sold for $4000; S beautiful rooms,
rnncing from 1« to 1!> ft. square; lot
C0xlH5; fin* street: fine fruit trees; 3
blocks to both trains; must be sold: see It.
$1COO— S2C0 cash, balance $20 per month; 6
large rooms; lot 45x100; fine well and mill;
fruit trees; only 3 blocks to both car
lines; flne neighborhood.
W. C. MORAN, South Berkeley.
CHENEY A BERRY.
$2500 — New 5-room hovse; back porch In-
closed in glass windows; ice chest, cool-
ini; closet built in; tinted rooms; cement
walks; street work done; one block from
street car line; 2*4 blocks from Dwlght-
way station.
|3250 — New 8-room house; large rooms: flne
view of bay; street work complete; ce-
ment sidewalks; all fenced; near Key
Route station.
$3750 — Two new 8-room houses (now building);
plans at office on Dana st., near Dwlght
way; convenient to U. C. and McKinley
School; 4 blocks of Dwlght-way station.
S320O — 6-room house: Oxford St., between Vine
and Hose: two blocks from R. R. sta-
tion; lot 40x135; $500 down, balance $25
per month. .
J2SO0 — New 5-room cottage; 2 blocks from
Berryman station; cement sidewalk;
street work done.
J600— For lot, 40x130. within 160 feet of
Telegraph ave.; this is a snap.
$2750 — For property on Arch; street work
done: this has one of the finest views of
S. F. Bay; within two blocks of street
car line: 5 blocks of R. R.
55000 — Fine home in Dally Scenic Park; lot
50x125; one desiring a home can do no
better. Why not buy a few acres In the
heights now. hold it flve years and
double your money several times? It
overlooks the bay and Joins the univer-
sity grounds.
WE HAVE A LARGE LIST OF FUR-
NISHED HOUSES TO RENT FOR THE
SUMMER AT NOMINAL RENT: ALSO A
LIST OF HOUSES UNFURNISHED FOR
RENT.
WE HAVE LISTED WITH US FOR SALE
PROPERTY IMPROVED AND UNIM-
PROVED IN ALL PARTS OF BERKELEY.
PEND FOR ONE OF OUR HAPS AND
CIRCULARS.
CHENEY & BERRY.
POSTOFFICE BLOCK. BERKELEY.
BERKELEY business property as an Invest-
ment is equal to anything on the Coast.
There Is money to be made in buying that
clans of property.
Five local trains run every hour from
Berkeley to San Francisco: Berkeley Is a vil-
lage no more; It Is the center of California.
It Is California.
Some good buys —
A thoroughly well-built 2-story brick build-
ing on a northwest corner: 6 stores below,
apartments above: always rented; paying
well.
A flne corner on Shattuck ave.; very prom-
inently located; vacant; there's money In It.
A ston» and brick warehouse: fitted with
compartments, elevator, etc.; In a business
center; leased for 5 years.
A business block on Telegraph ave.; 2
stores and flats above, with vacant corner
adjoining: a choice Dropositlon.
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate,
SE. cor. Center st. and Shattuck ave.
$2800. •
A new six-room house. Just being com-
pleted: lot 50x135: close to car line and con-
venient to both trains; east of the track; Just
the ?Iace for a nice family.
JUSTER & BAIRD, 2137 Shattuck ave.,
Berkeley.
(3750 — NEW 7-room house; flne view; lot 60x
125: all street work done; near station and
car line: good value.
$2250 — New 5-room cottage; high basement;
street work done: near station and car lines.
LITTLE A WOOLSEY,
' 2110 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
$3000— MODERN 6-room cottage; gas. electric-
ity: poreelalm tub: high-grade mantel and all
latest Improvements; fruit trees and shrub-
bery: not "built to sell"; 1635 Todd St., one
block from Adeline station; 2 blocks to Key
Route station.
M. P. W. ALBEE. REAL ESTATE— Large list
homes, residence lots and business property:
also choice investment property, paying 6 to
10 per cent net; lowest prices and eatiEfac-
' tlon guaranteed. 2139 Center st.
$2500 — NICE cottages now constructing; flve
rooms each; near station and cars; very
easy terms.
FRANCIS FERRIER. Real Estate.
2121 Shattuck ave.. opp. BERKELEY station
LARGE list of houses, bargains In vacant lots,
etc.; open Sundays. MURDOCK A CO.,
South Berkeley (Lorln). (
BESKELEY FURNISHED HOUSES.
BERKELEY— 2141 Ward st.; furnished cottage
of 5 rooms, bath, gas, etc.; near Dwight way
or Ashby station; 3 months; $25 a month.
BERKELEY FURNISHED BOOMS.
TO lea?e — 150G Euclid ave., Berkeley, between
Cedar and Vine sts. ; magnificent view; new
house: all modern Improvements: newly fur-
nished; 7 rooms: stable: rent reasonable to
desirable party. Apply MADISON A
BURKE. 30 Montgomery st.
FRUITVALE Advertisements.
KniTITVALB REAL ESTATE.
HENRY BARKMEYER. 120C Frultvale ave.,
Frultvale, Cal.
$400— House of 2 rooms; lot 60x150; 3 blocks
from car line; terms $100 cash, balance $5 per
month.
. $850— Cottage of 3 rooms; high basement;
corner lot 05x122; fruit trees in bearing;
chicken-house; 3 blocks from Frultvale station.
$1350 — Modern bay-window cottage of 4
rooms and bath; sanitary plumbing, folding
doors, high basement; lot 37:6x122 to an alley
In rear; 4 blocks from local train; terms $100
cash, balance $15 per month; will make re-
duction for. cash Bale.
$1800— $300 cash, balance $13 per month;
almost new cottage of 4 rooms and bath:
high basement; lot 87:6x200x50, fronting on 2
streets; small barn; 2 blocks from Frultvale
station: a rare chance.
$1700— Fine cottage of 8 rooms; bathroom,
closets, etc.; basement and attic all floored;
lot 49x135; within walking distance to local
train and block from Frultvale ave.
$2400— New and attractive cottage of 5
rooms and bath; reception . hall ; all strictly
modern; lot 52:6x125; choice location; within
walking distance of local train.
$2400— New cottage of 5 rooms; porcelain
bath; all the latest Improvements; flne mantel
and china closet; gas and electric lights, com-
bination fixtures, etc.; on Frultvale ave.; lot
40x150.
8PECIAL BARGAINS.
$1800— Two-etory building of 6 rooms and
bath upstairs, large store' downstairs; good
well, windmill and tank; lot 33x125; street-
work all done; In Upper Frultvale; flne busi-
ness location : will make reduction 1 for cash I
$1500— Two-story building of 6 rooms and
batb upstairs, store. and one room downstairs;
on Frultvale ave., % block from Frultvale
station; easy terms If desired; an opportunity
worth Investigating; for particulars apply to
H. BARKMEYER, 1206 Frultvale ave., Fniit-
vale. Cal. _______^
" ~~ SPECIAL
FOR THIRTY DAYS.
LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK.
The terminus of 6>cent fare. Hay wards cars;
streets graded and graveled; stone sidewalks;
depot on tract; lots from $50 to $200; $20 cash
and balance $10 per month: IS blocks to local
train; best located property on San Leandro
road; graded school on tract. Apply 'to S. 3.
AUSTIN, 1101 Twenty- third ave.. Oakland.
ALAJIEDA ADVKRTISWIKNTS
ALAMEDA SEAL ESTATE.
HALLY & CO.,
231 .1 Santa Clara ave. / Open to-day.
$22t)ii buys a flne modern two-story house. C ¦
rooms, porcelain bath, gas. etc.: sunny J
y'.c'.e of strrrt; lawn. tree*, flowers and
j Lcrry bushes. This is a beautiful home 1
I ar.d Is selling for less than cost of house i
alone; convenient to local station and
• street cars. Hcfore buying a home see t
I this. A cenuir.i? bargain. j
$170(1 — 5-room cottetje: good location: gas, etc.; j
lot SSxlCO; halt block from station. !
Do you want to build? Select your lot
from our list. We have them in all parts of
town at the lowest fleure
HALLY &CO..
231* Santa Clara ave. Open to-day.
HOMES IN ALAMEDA.
$o~50 — New modern 8-room house. .
$350i>— New modern 8-room hous?.
ELMER E. JOHNSON, 1501 Park st.
: $.100 — LOT 30x155; terms; $2550: good house
' of 7 rocms: lot 50x100. J. H. YOUNG, 1243
1 Park rt.. Alameda.
¦ t ELEGANT new cottage: large yard; flne base-
I ment. Apply to owner. 215'J Clinton ave.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'ATNTS
BEBKELEV REAL ESTATK.
LOTS with v/ona>rful view, $1450; flne sight-
ly lot in the Wheeler Tract, fronting on two
streets, &.'!xlu2, must been seen to be ap-
preciated.
W. J. MORTIMER & CO.,
BERKELEY STATION.
$500— YOU must see that flne sightly lot In
the highlands; view sublime; one half cash.
. W. J. MORTIMER & CO.,
BERKELEY STATION.
$850 — SPLENDID corner in North Berkeley:
streets macadapiized both sides; lots of fruit
trees in bearing; a snap for a fjulck buyer.
XV. J. MORTIMER & CO.,
BERKELEY STATION.
: f"2M» — FOR 2 new houses of 7 rooms each; ;
streets fully improved; each lot 45x133; '
property now rented for $G2 50 a month net.
W. J. MORTIMER A CO..
I . 2123 CENTER ST.. BERKELEY, CAL.
I J«500 — SEE those new houses In the Plum-
m*r tract, east of Telegraph ave.; we have
! a large list of houses.
W. J. MORTIMER & CO..
Main entrance to University.
2123 CENTER ST., BERKELEY, CAL.
A BEAUTIFUL HOME.
Take the rest cure; here is a real home-
like home on the Berkeley hill slopes; 3w> feet j
above sea level; 2 blocks above College ave. j
and new car line; nearly an acre of land, cov-
1 ered with palms, elrr.s, walnuts and other
magnificent ornamental and shade trees; [
house of H fine rooms, baaement and attic;
! cood stable; flne well water with windmill
I supply; worlds of roses and choice shrubbery:
j view unsurpassed; location very choice; land
will double in value in a few years; house
splendidly constructed and in first-class condi-
tion.
No typhus conditions in Berkeley climate!
No saloons'.
Write to us for further information about
this property: owner has urgent reasons for
selling: our carriages are at your disposal;
write us for our new map of Berkeley, showing
location of above and other desirable Berkeley
properties at close prices.
W. R. ELLIS & CO..
2150 Shattuck ave.
Phone North 92. Berkeley station.
BKRKELEY BUSINESS PROPERTY as an ,
investment is equal to anything on the ;
coast. There is money to be made by buy-
Ing that class of property — flve local trains
every hour from Berkeley station to San
Francisco.
Berkeley Is a village no more — it is the
center of California for many things.
BERKELEY IS CALIFORNIA.
SOME 6OOD BUYS.
; A thoroughly well-built two-story brick build-
ing, a NW corner. 0 stores below and flats
abcte, paying well.
A fine corner on Shattuck ave., very promi-
nently located; vacant; there's money in It.
A rtone and brick warehouse, fitted with com-
partments, elevator etc.. In a business center;
leased for flve years.
A business block on Telegraph ave., 2 stores
and flats above with vacant corner adjoin-
ing for fiats; a choice proposition.
JOS. J. MASON.
Cor. Center and Shattuck. Berkeley.
$2T50 — SEE this elegant new pottage, 6 flne
rooms; bath; hall; pantry; tiled sink: tinted
wall*; combination fixtures: high basement;
brick foundation: lot 50x135; street work
done; above Shattuck; convenient to Ashby
station.
H. D. IRWIN. Lorin Station, Berkeley.
Carriage In attendance; open Sundays.
$2250 — NEW up to date cottage. 5 rooms;
bath; hall; pantry; high basement; brick
foundation ; nice location; close In; all street
work done: easy terms.
H. D. IRWIN, Lorln Station, Berkeley.
Open Sundays.
AHEAD of anything for the money. $1750 —
Modern cottage. 5 rooms; bath; hall; pantry;
high basement: floored throughout: brick
foundation: nice garden: lot 37:6x135; one I
block from station; terms to suit. i
H. D. IRWIN, Lorin Station, Berkeley.
Open Sunday*.
NEW 5-room shingled cottage; combination j
fixtures, tinted walls, cement walks about
house; nice lot; centrally located; a nice
home ready to occupy in one week: price
$2350- terms, $150 cash, balance $20 per j
month. Open Sundays. O. A. RUDOLPH. "
Lorln station. South Berkeley. '
NEW 7-room house: on corner; both streets
Improved ; elegant fixtures; house complete In
every detail; 2 blocks to both routes: price
$4250; terms. $750 cash, balance $35 per
month; dealings with owner direct. Oper»
Sundays. O. A. RUDOLPH. Lorin station.
South Berkeley.
COZY new 5-room high-basement cottage: fln-
lched in natural wood; up-to-date In all re-
epects: 3 blocks to Key route, also stores, I
schools, etc.; price $2250; terms. $300 down,
balance $20 per month. Open Sundays. O.
A. RUDOLPH. Lorln sta.. South Berkeley.
THERE IS MUCH GREATER ACTIVITY IN
HOME BUILDING IN BERKELEY THAN
EVER BEFORE. THE DEMAND FOR
HOUSES AND FOR LOTS IS UNPRECE-
DENTED. OUR BUSINESS FOR MAY
WAS THE LARGEST IN OUR EXPERI-
ENCE.
Our stock of deelrable houses from $2000 to
(S500 is much depleted, but we have a few j
and have several real good things in houses,
new or nearly new. at $4000 to $5000 and
$0000. and also some running from $S000 to
$10,000.
But if we cannot suit you in a houYe ready
built we can show you lots and build you a
house to your tacte os most any reasonable
terms.
LYMAN ALLEN. 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
GOOD investments near new Santa Fe.
ALL ON EASY PAYMENTS.
End of block; 271 ft. frontage on track: two
blocks from Berkeley station $2300 '
Lot 25x100; 1 block from railroad $200
Lot 40x135; mac.; within H block J45O
Half block adjoining R. R. property $2600
Buy where values are increasing.
Several hundred other lots and a number of
cheaxt houses.
CHAS. A. BAILEY. 1056 University ave..
Near San Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
FOR sale — New end nearly new houses from !
$1SOO to $20,000; lots from $250 to $7000;we
can sell you a desirable lot 3 blocks fror.i
Dwlght-way station, siie 40x130, for $7Oo;
will build you a house to suit on a payment
of $500 down, balance monthly: before buy- ;
insr rive us a call and let us shTw you cur .
extensive list. F. H. LAWTON A CO.. 2J47
Center st • -_ '_ I
. i
•1400— PRETTY littl* B-room cottage: herd
finished; flne well; garden; lot 60x150; :
street complete; close to cars; very easy j
$5000— Elegant business property: 2 stores and
6-room flat, barn and -stable: adjacent to I
Key Route and S. P. station; now leased;
rent $618 per annum.
C. C. EMSLIE, Ashby statlon.phone Stuart 709
A BARGAIN IN INCOME PROPERTY.
House of 12 rooms; lot 60x123; $5500; one-
half block from ? nI p er^Ji /E
15U Shattuck ave'.. " 2315 Shattuck ave..
North Berkeley. Dwlght *wy.
Phone Mason 722. Phone Derby 1022. |
' i
WILL build you a nice four or five-room cot- j
tage on any plan you like, at first station
from S. F, on the monthly payment plan, f
Look this up at once. GEORGK .W. AUS-
TIN, 1002 Broadway, Oakland. CaL
$3250 — NEW, modern house, 8 rooms, bath;
$1100— Fulton St.; 60x125; choice lot.
$700 — Fulton St.; 45x125; a bargain.
$1500— Walnut St.: 50x120; flne view.
Buy a home in Berkeley: terms same as rent;
onWJsV' minutes from 8. F. ; HO-mlnute service.
H0VMARK & JACK CO., 11 Montgomery st.
FOR EsJe — In the best residence section of
Berkeley: a flne modern home of 9 large
sunny roomv: all modern improvements: on !
the .VK cor. of Benvenue ave. and Derby St.;
lot COxlCO: price $fi000; take Telegrapb-ave.
cars; xet off at Derby st. and walk east 3
blOCkS. . ;..; ;
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKI.AMJ RKU ESTATK.
REALTY. BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (lao.)
1172 Broadway, cor. 14th st.
HENRY A. BUTTERS, President.
JOHN A. BRITTON, Vice President.
ANSON S. BLAKE. Second Vice President. /
REAL ESTATE.
INSURANCE.
$2tJ50.
Fine little cottage on stre-t In Linda Vlst»
terraco district; it contains 5 rooms and batb
and has fine high basement: it is on the sunny
side of the street and only % block to the car
$2600.
Fine new and modern 5-room cottage near Key
route ferry; fine lot. 30x115; the house is mod-
ern and convenient in every way; rood tlxas
to buy in this vicinity; terms can be made.
$3000.
Fine cottase on Linden street, close to ear
lines; high basement, with all mGdern con-
veniences; It contains tt rooms and bath aad
is in excellent condition; terms can be made.
$3000.
I Fine Thirty-fourth-street home, near th«
' Key route; contains 5 rooms and bath and has
I flne furnace in the basement; the lot Is 33Vfcx
j ICO and on the north side of the street; ta«
: house Is well built in every way; terms.
$3250.
Fine home on Howe street. 1 block to cars;
lot large and sunny, with fruit, flowers, etc;
The house contains 7 rooms and bath and Is ia
excellent condition; terms can be arranged.
REAL ESTATE.
INSURANCE.
REALTY". BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (Inc.)
1172 Broadway, cor. 14th st.
'
A. J. SNYDER, . '
REAL ESTATE BROKER AND DEALER.
46? NINTH STREET.
OAKLAND, CAL.
$1750 '. «1750 JI™
, Cottage of 8 rooms and bath; not new. but
In good order: situated on 37th St.. within »
blocks of the Key Route ferry depot; lot 50X
¦ 100; this property is bound to have a futurev
< as U is closs In to Emeryville, and will on*
I day be a business property. I can sell this on
j very easy terms — $30tf down and the balance
j same ss rent. 1 : . _ I'*
$1300 . $1300 * l30 °
Chestnut St., near 32nd; cottage of 4 room*
and bath; lot 50x132; this must be sold at once.
OFFER WANTED. OFFER WANTED.
OFFER WANTED. OFFER WANTED.
House of 8 rooms and bath; lot 40x100; nlc«
shrubbery: house is not new. but in *ood or-
der; Darty very anxious to sell; expects ta
move away and does not wish to rent tn»
premises. .^^
$3000 $3CC0 *3000
Cottage of 8 rooms and bath; new; lot 27x
ICO; can be purchased on terms; Slst st., near
Grove at.
$3800 $3800 $3800
North side of 30th st.. nsar Grove St.; new
hous«: H rooms and bath: new and modern; lot
37:6x140. .
jtSOOU $6000 $6000
TELEGRAPH-AVE. HOME. -
Lot £0x1-5; unlnt?rruDted view; house faces
Telegraph ave.. opposite 31st St.; 8 rooms and
bath; excavated basement: we-11 bricked up;
modern heating appliances; this is an archi-
tectural beauty; the above price Includes the
street work that is now being done on Tele,
praph ave.
$«XX> $C000 _$TOC0
Home of 9 rooms and bath and attic, fin-
ished In oak. curly redwood. Flemish oak and
hardwood pine; paneled ceilings; lot 50x100;
this place whe» completed will b» one of
the prettiest homes in Oakland; no expens*
has been soared in making it an ideal home;
It can b* purchased on terms or for cash.
LOTS. LOTS. LOTS.
LOTS. LOTS. LOTS.
Lots from $450 upward; convenient to th«
Key Route Ferry; Snyder and Montgomery's
subdivision of Temescal Park Tract; $50 to $100
down; $10 and upward a month.
Lots for $1140 upward in A. J. Sayder's r«-
subdivlslon of the Rowland Tract.
HERE IS A SNAP.
A. J. SNYDER.
Real Estate Broker and Dealer.
467 NINTH ST.. OAKLAND, CAI*
__
HOLCOMB. BREED A BANCROFT (Inc.),
1CXJ0 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
FORECLOSURE SALES.
$2100— New lH-story cottage. 5 rooms and
bath; modern; lot 80x125; sunny; fine \o-
¦ cation; close to schools, cars and Key
Rout: trains to San Francisco; very easy
terms.
$2600 — New colonial house; 7 large rooms; One
dtnlnr-room; modern In every detail;
sunny side; lot 35x106; close to schools,
cars and Key Route trains; fine view of
Berkeley hills and Golden Gate; small
payment down, balance on easy monthly
payments.
$2600— New colonial house. 7 rooms, bath, etc.:
on a good corner on Telegraph ave.: lot
85x104; flne location and surroundings;
close to schools, cars, santa Fe and Key
Route trains to San Francisco; small cash
payment, balance same as rent.
' Z3100 — New colonial house, 8 rooms; modern
¦ in every particular; gas and electria
lightlnz: lot 42x115; close to Telegraph.
ave. and crosstown Key Route trains;
first-class surroundings; everything new;
small cash payment, balance easy month-
ly payment*.
These properties must be sold and pries* are
reduced for quick sale and terms will b«
made to suit: call early and get keys to
Inspect premises.
ITOIMFROVEIX
$37S — 40x120; elevated lot: street work com-
plete; close to schools, cars. etc.
$700— Fine lot. 33:4x110: on Vernon st. ad-
Jnir.ini Adams Point property; this Is a
decided snap.
$750—* "SNAP.** $750.
Fine corner on the Key Routa system:
close to 2Uh and Market sts.; 37:0x100;
. street work complete.
HOLCOMB. BREED A BANCROFT (Inc.),
1C60 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$HfiOO — MODERN residence. 9 roods; gond for
rtnttng rooms: only S blocks east of Broad-
way and near all trains and electric lines.
THE ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway.
$5250 — FINE residence and grounds; 9 rooms,
etc.; Alice St.: best bargain east of Bro«d«
way. THE ALPCN CO.. 1118 Broadway. :
$4000— MODERN flats, rented $40 month: %
bargain: central location and never idle. .
THE ALPEX CO.. 1118 Broadway.
COTTAGE HOMES FOR SALE.
801 27th st. near San Pablo ave.; S rooms
and bath: $2250.
830 32d st.. near San Pablo ave.; 5 rooms
and bath: $1750.
919 SStb st.. near San Pablo ave.: 5 room*
and bath: tot 30x140. and nice barn: $23001 ,3
856 34th st.. near Saa Pablo ave.: 5 rooms,
brand new; $2750.
82« 84tb st. near West.: « rooms; branif
new; $3500.
Apply W. F. HOR3WILIJ, Oakland CsJ. 1
$COCO — A FINE house in Lakeside district;
thoroughly modern and up to date in
every particular: 9 rooms and bath; 3
blccks from the business center: 4 blocks
from the new postofflce: price reduced
from $3000 to $6720; must be sold. -5,
$4300— Large new, modern 9- room house . en
Telegraph ave.; lot is 43x100; this prlc*.
', has been reduced from $6000; is certainly
a great bargain.
C. K..' MARSHALL. 1070 Broadway. Oakland.
A FINE home in Contra Cost* County; M
acres- 9-room house; orchard, vineyard;
chickens and cow; Implements, etc., for sat«
orlea™. P. C. LASSEN A CO., 4SS T> nt j
«t.. Oakland. CaL !
For Additional Classified Advertise*
znents Sec Pace Forty-Foot ; -
SAJI JCA.TEO BEAI. ESTATE.
*
SAN MATEO '¦ '- SAN MATEO
.
THE riNEST BCCCBBAN RF-SIDKNCE PIP-
TttlCT NEAR PAN FttAKClSCO.
%\> have a choice list of excellent residence
j. rot Arties. vi . la s , tes an<1 , cr . age . Don't fall
t < fee us ljerore huring. Invostipnte San
:.:.Tt«>.i park. The IJ^al property of them a!!.
I.-ts <rf Rbout one acre each. Easy terms.
Bound to b#> rruft valuable. rVe our local
rrt-ttt. rr^r.k F. tirummon. Ran Mateo office
< ; >-r. Beadaya.
liALDWlN & HOWELL. 2Ti Post rt.
SAITTA CBTJZ SEAL ESTATE.
ADAMS & PARRT.
V.ICAL KSTATE BKOKF.RS.
nrsiNEPP CHANCER.
CJCniFPnVED PLACES.
RESIDENCES AND HOMES.
RANCHES.
•
ITT TACIFIC AVTCNT'E.
SANTA CRUZ.
MI:M.ii l'AUK REAL ESTATE.
AT Menlo Park — For sale on easy terms, a
ia-room houa> with all modern Improve-
ment?; two blocks from station. Address
the owner at P. O. box D. Menlo Park. Cal.
KUAL KSTATi: TO tSXCHANGK.
J32SO— Lot 50x1.10: 7 rooms and bath; high
basement: fruit trees, apples. fii;s, quinces,
pear*, iiearher. cherries, etc.; flowers; two
large barns: near school: right in the line of
Improvements; -'Key" Route depot to be
located within three blocks of this property:
northwest Cfrner of Miranda st. and Clare-
mnnt ave. i; will exchange for projvrty In
Alsjneda County. Apply WALTER E. LO-
GAN & CO.. 1O0S Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
1»O-ACRE fully equtfjwd and ¦ paying ranch:
Santa Cruz Co.; 50 acres vineyard; 15 acres
orchard: houses furr.irhed: barns, winery,
beautiful rrounds. implements, blacksmith
shop, ttongvttk, «tc. ; want city property;
with rrcp $15,000: any difference adjusted.
Particulars J170 Merket *t.. room 106.
INCOME Oakland property to exchange for
rood country property. P. C. LASSEN. 4C6
Tenth *t.. Oakland. CaL
Hi: VI. ESTATE WASTED.
WANTED — 5-rm. crttare costing not over $2000
cafh. Address H. Brutt. 178 Douglass et,
PROPERTY WASTED.
1 WILL, buy 2 ne\r, nice flats in Richmond
dinnct r.r near th» park. JULIEN SMITH.
r«*l estate art-tit. 420 Montgomery et.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
EOSIE BIG BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE.
GET ONE.
$1500 buy* 5-TOom cottage; lot 50x150.
$10<iO buys r.-rorra cottage; lot 35x100.
«2f<0» buys 5-room cottar* ; lot 25xl<»0.
K2630 buy* 5-room cottage: lot 50x150; new.
J275" buys G-room cottage: lot 40x150; enap.
$r;000 buys an elegant 5-room cottage and re-
<*>!>tlon hall
§3*80 bun 7-niora colonial home; fine location.
$T7r<> buys eltgant fl-rocm cottage; San An-
tonio ave.
$4250 buy* new S-room house; all latest Im-
provements.
$4CO0 boys >>-room home; g^-eat bargain; must
be trld.
$5000 buys beautiful modern 8-room house;
corner lot.
OTHER BAP.GAINS TO SELECT FROM.
EASY TERMS — PRICES THE LOWEST.
ELEGANT LOCATION — CHARMINGLY BIT-
UATED.
HOMES BUILT, RENTED and EXCHANGED.
BPIXIAL. SPECIAL. SPECIAL.
$00 — To rent; a fine 12-room house, with car-
pet*: lot TSxl £7; finest corner in Alameda;
: ¦¦•¦ Grand and Morton sts. station.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park st.
) : : # Alameda *:<¦>. Alameda.
HERE IS A CHANCE FOR EVERYBODY.
GREAT BARGAINS.
TWO NICE WATER FRONT COTTAGES
ON CENTRAL AVE.. NEAR STATION; BAR-
GAINS; I-ARGE LIST OF REALTY.
BUSINESS LOT ON PARK ST.. 60x100; A
SACRIFICE.
TWO BARGAINS.
6-rocm cottasre; lot &0xl25; $1300.
6-room cottape; lot 25x150; $1300.
FOR EALE ON EASY TERMS.
*50 DOWN. BALANCE TO SUIT.
22 LOTP.
53:4x125 TO 35x176.
PART OF SO-CALLED FROMM TRACT.
TWO BLOCKS FROM SIXTH-ST. STATION.
THIRTY MINUTES FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
HALF BLOCK FROM LONGFELLOW
SCHOOL.
FOR EXCHANGE FOR SAN 7RANCISCO
REAL ESTATK — A MODERN 7-ROOM
HOUSE IN BEST LOCALITY.
APPLY TO A. a DENKE,
*400 WEBSTER ST. ALAMEDA.
or
Ca!I on the
ISLAND REAL ESTATE CO..
1304 Railroad av*.. Bay station.
HAMMOND A HAMMOND.
fl 600— Bwell 4- room eottajre. near station
and school; nrurt be «wi to b« appreciated.
$2eO0 — Here is a fine buy for the money;
coJonial 6-room modern cottage; 50-foot front-
«c> . house coct $2250 to build.
$4000^ — Fin* modern up-to-date 8-room house
on Endnai ave.; lot £Oxl50; rood buy; Investi-
gate.
1(200 — Elegant 8-rocm bouse on Clinton ave.
n«tr Walnut; close to the bay; her* is a snap;
**» it to-day.
f T.'.r«f» — Fine 12-room residence in the finest
location in Alameda.
BUILDING LOTS A SPECIALTY.
HEADQUARTERS FOR FURNISHED
HOUSES.
HAMMOND A HAMMOND,
THE LEADING AND RELIABLE REAL ES-
TATE AUENTS.
1«22 PARK BT.. ALAMEDA.
OFFICE OPEN TO-DAY FROM 8:30 A. M.
$1700— COTTAGE. 8 rooms and bath; near
Grand rt. station and school; in ct>od con-
dition: lot 27x125.
$r^00 — Cottars. n«w and up-to-date hlrh
tMn-mtnt; In trood location; lot 30x150- street
lmj-rovjm^nts all done: must be sold.
$^<;rjfl — In courw! of construction; 6 rooms
and bsth: hlrh basement: near Chestnut st
giatioo; lot 60x140; street work all done- a
bargain.
We build on the Installment to suit; fur-
nirh plans and rive esttmstes free.
wm. DtrrouR A co..
S2?e Santa Clara ave..
Near Park st.
Alameda. Cal.
FOR ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE
K)N"T FAIL TO CALL ON CHAS. ADAMS
i. CO.. THB MOST RELIABLE AGENTS.
WHO HAVE HOUSES. COTTAGES AND
LOTS FOR BALK IN THE VERT BEST LO-
CATIONS IN ALAMEDA: TAKE BROAD
GAUGE AND GET OFF AT BAY STATION;
OFFICE OPEN SUNDAY FROM 8 A. M. TO
3 P. M.; PHONE ALAMEDA 6&52.
A BEAUTIFUL HOME "
On Morton St.. nouth of Central: modern »-
room house; splendidly built; sanitary plumb-
ir.tr. bath high basement, attic, tankhouse.
«¦«-!! or city watpr; lot 20x185; cost owner
$SOOC- will sell for 115230.
J. S. HANLEY, 1310 Park st. -.
TO CLOSE ESTATE.
Two-story h"uf»: 11 rooms and bsth; all mod.
»>m com-eniences: in flne order; north side
Esnta Clara »ve., near Grand: If sold at once
$4000. J. S. HANLET. 1310 P*rk st.
OAKLAND ABVEB11SEMENTS
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
GEORGE. W. AUSTIN.
Real Estate Agent and Dealer,
Member of the Oakland Real Estate Associa-
tion.
1002 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
A rare chance — $2475: new modern colonial
house; 6 rooms: porcelain bath; tiled sink:
hardwood cherry mantel; double Darlors: gas
and electricity; 3 bedrooms; closets; plate glass
door; finely frescoed: close to Grove st. and
flve minutes' walk to train: electric cars one
block each way; must be seen to be appre-
ciated.
Here is a chance for builders; there is a big
demand for small cottages at Golden Gate,
the first station off the S. P. special; we offer
30x100. rieht at the station, for $3G0: Install-
ment plan of payments or time allowed for you
to' build: look Into this at once; larger or
smaller lots If desired.
$3200 — Elegant northwest corner: 6 blocks
from City Hall; fine location for four flats.
$2650 — 10 rooms: bath: modern plumbing;
walking distance to Broadway and both trains;
cement basement; back and front staircase:
double parlors; elegant mantels; gas; fine
condition.
*150O — Modern cottase; four rooms; 3 blocks
from Seventh street; terms if desired.
$2000 — 2-story 7-room house and bath: three
lots: windmill and tank; stable; garden; near
Key Route and local trains.
$1350 — Look this up; elegant house; six large 1
rooms; torcelain bath; gas; large closets; j
in flne location; clcse to Telegraph ave.; on •
lot 60x120; fruit trees and open lawn.
Will build you a nice four or flve room I
cottage on any plan you like at the first sta- i
tlon from San Francisco on the monthly plan;
look this up at once. *
$2500 each — 2 new houses: elegant location;
adjoin each other; 6 rooms; electricity and
gas; on terms; $500 down, $25 per month.
$7500—07 feet front; Telegrach-ave. prop-
erty; only corner left in this vicinity; 3 ele-
gant residences to be erected on opposite cor-
ners.
$3000-^$500 down. $25 per month, including
new carpets: new house; 6 rooms; porcelain
bath; tiled sink; paneled dining-room; gaa and
electricity; close to Grove st.
$S00O — Elegant bouse; 0 rooms; thoroughly
modern: one block from Lake Merrltt. on Alice
St.; hall, staircase and <iinln<r-roorn In solid
oak: furnace: concrete basement; surrounded
by beautiful homes.
GEORGE. W. AUSTIN.
Real Estate Agent and Dealer,
Member of the Oakland Real Estate Associa-
tion.
10O2 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
I
TAYLOR BROS. A CO.
Real Estate, Insurance and Financial Agents.
Tel. Cedar 351. 1236 Broadway, Oakland. I
$2,45/) — Brand new modern house of 6 rooms, ;
colonial style; one-half block west of 1
Grove St.; 30 feet front; come and see
this. 14SS
INVESTMENT PROPERTIES. |
$6,250— Elegant corner on Grove st., between !
Tenth and Fourteenth; 75x100 feet;
present Income about $250 per year; '
must be sold to close an estate; magnl- !
flcent location for flats; east front; make \
offer. 1250 i
$13,000— Fine N.W. corner on Clay St., lOOx
150, with 6 dwellings, always rented; <
income $1320 per annum; this is practl- j
cally business property. 567
$18,000— Fifty feet frontage on Clay st.. above
Twelfth; large 3-story building; leased 1
.. ~^ 1 KOod rental; a good Investment. 1087 '
$30.000^ — Who wants vacant business property? I
Magnlfloent lot, 60 feet frontage on
' . Telegraph ave., same on Broadway, I
running clear- through; below Nineteenth
* St.; elegant location for a large apart- ;
ment house or. In fact, for any Income
producing building..
TUXEDO PARK ADDITION.
HAVE YOU SEEN THE BEAUTIFUL LOTS !
IN THIS TRACT? WE HAVE SOLD 13
IN THE PAST WEEK AND IN A SHORT
TIME EXPECT THEM TO BE SOLD OUT
ENTIRELY. LOCATED EAST OF THIR- ;
. TEENTH AVE., THIS SIDE OF BEULAH '¦
PARK. ON THE HEIGHTS. PRICES FROM
$150 TO $300 PER LOT, ACCORDING TO
LOCATION; TERMS 10 PER CENT CASH, i
BALANCE MONTHLY PAYMENTS. PRO-
POSED TWENTY-THIRD AVE. EXTEN-
SION CROSSES PROPERTY.
IF YOU WISH TO BUY. SELL OR RENT
PROPERTIES GIVE US A CALL. LOANS
NEGOTIATED AT LOWEST RATES OF
INTEREST. FIRE AND PLATE GLASS
INSURANCE AND BONDS WRITTEN.
TAYLOR BROS. A CO.
123« BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
E. J. STEWART A CO..
1008 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$2350 — Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath; on
35th-st. driveway; close to Key route;
lot 35x140.
$200 down and $25 per month will buy a
modern 7-room house; near Key route;
lot 35x100 feet; price $3000.
$2S50 — Beautiful home on 31st St.. nr. Grove;
' 6 large rooms and bath; lot 32:6x140 feet;
small payment down; balance on easy
terms.
$3000 — Elegant 2-story house of 8 rooms on
Walsworth ave.; double parlors; dining-
room; bay windows; porcelain bath; large
lot; on sunny side of the street; this price
is less than cost of the housa; must he
sold at once; can be bought on easy
terms.
B. J. 8TEWART A CO..
1008 BROADWAT. OAKLAND.
HOLCOMB. BREED A BANCROFT. Inc.
1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND. CAL.
SANTA FE TRACT. SANTA FE TRACT.
AN IDEAL SPOT FOR HOMES; LARGE
LOTS- LOW PRICES: AN UNINTERRUPTED
VIEW OF THE OOLDEN GATE. BERKELEY
HILLS. MT. TAMALPAI8. ETC.; STREET
WORK. SIDEWALKS SEWERS. GAS AND
ELECTRIC LIGHTING: PALM TREES.
FRUIT IN ALL VARIETIES: 200 LOTS AL-
READY SOLD: JUST 28 MINUTES TO S. F.
ON KEY ROUTE; TRAIN8 EVERY TWEN-
TY MINUTES; REPRESENTATIVE ON
TRACT SUNDAY FROM 2 TO 5 P. M.
HOLCOMB. BREED A BANCROFT. Inc..
1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
ALEXANDER MACKIE. SAN FRANCISCO
ACSEVCTT
821 MARKET ST./ SAN FRANCISCO.
BELDEN'S BARGAINS.
$135O-=-Reduced from $6000 to effect quick
sale for Eastern client: lovely home on Oak '
st., near Madison Square; 0 rooms and bath. .
and flne stable. /
$850— Reduced to close' out; elegant, elevated :
site for a home; choice lot. 40x115, in beauti-
ful College Heights, 34th and Webster sts.
$3100— Pretty 6-room cottage on Adeline St.,
near 12th; lot 40x100.
$3100— Flue flats, with 50-foot lot; well lo-
cated; rents $30 and Insured for $2600; a spe- '
clal snap; will take good lot in part payment. :
$6250 — Very central corner: 100x75: opposite
a city square; splendid site for flats or apart- I
ment house. . ¦
$2500 each— Beat bargains ever offered; only
2 more left of those Jones estate cottages on .
Jones st., pet. Grove and Telegraph; 6 rooms 1
and 'oath. '
BELDEN, REAL ESTATE. '
1112 Broadway, Oakland.
NORTH OAKLAND, 120x100. hue Just come in.
fand Is on a corner; only one block east of
San Pablo ave. and only three minutes from
Golden Gate station of the Berkeley local.
This corner. If taken this week, can be had
for $1250; this Is a good lot to build on and
can be used to good advantage by a builder
to put up cottages on; can be divided Into'
four or three good lots. See this. - j
Vacant and Improved places in all parts of
Oakland. '
JAS. 8. NAISMITH.
634 Thirteenth street.
FOR 8ALE— New 2-story house of 7 rooms
and bath; laundry room: high basement; 2
toilets; open nickel plumbing; gas and elec-
tric fixtures; every modern convenience; well
built and nicely finished throughout; choice i
lot 60x125; sidewalks, sewers, cement curb. |
gas, water and lawn; everything complete, in '
choice location on 6th ave.. Oakland, close to
8 car lines; convenient to station: 10 minutes'
ride to Broadway; flne view of lake and hills;
reasonable price and terms.
B. H. WELCH A CO..
. Fifth avenue and Eighteenth st.. Oakland.
$3500 — NEW house; 6 rooms, bath, etc.; near
Key route station- $500 down, balance flat.
MRS. J T. JENNINGS, owner, room 10.
2115 Allaton way, Berkeley. 2 to * p. m.
FRUITVALE AD V'KT'S'M' NTS
/KIITVALK Ul'.\t. KSTATE. '
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station, Cal.
$025 — Very good cottage of 4 rooms In a fine
location; about 2 blocks from Frultvale
ave.; fine garden; fruit trees, choice flow-
ers; lot 50x100; small sum down, balance
about $12 per month. ; i
$1650 — New modern cottage of 4 rooms, hall
and bath; porcelain bath tub; high basc-
1 ment; lot 38x125; all fenced; 4 blocks from
S. P. local station; easy terms If desired.
$1750 — Modern cottage of 4 large rooms, hall
and bath; nicely finished; fruit trees;
choice plants etc.; lot 37:GxJ30; only H
blocks from Fruttvale station; about $200
or $300 cash down; balance on your own
terms.
$2250 — Extra good 5-room cottage; Just half
block east of Frultvale avenue; good or-
chard.' etc. ; lot 72:6x174. This is a grand
place in a choice neighborhood.
$1C5O— Large lot; 70x110,. with 10 fruit trees
and cottage of 2 fine rooms; city water,
sswer, etc; H block from East 14th st.,
close in. ¦"
1 51C00 — Colonial cottage of 4 rooms; interior all
newly tinted; large attic for 2 rooms; lot
COxlUO; 2 blocks from Frultvale local sta-
tion: $100 cash down, balance on- easy
monthly payments.
$1575— Good substantial and newly painted cot-
tage of 6 rooms, bath, hall, mantel, etc.;
barn, chicken house; lot 50x120; one block
from electric car. line and High St.; can
ba bought on very reasonable terms.
$1650 — New, modern cottage of 4 large rooms,
hall, bath and high basement; lot 33x104;
street work complete; cement walks, etc.;
fronting on car line and In choice neigh-
borhood; $100 ca?h down, balance on easy
payments.
$1SOO — Extra good house of 4 rooms, hall,
batb and 2 finished rooms In basement;
also new carpets in double parlors, iras,
etc.; on a fine street; 4 blocks from Frult-
vale station; lot 37:Bxl35; with fruit trees,
choice plants, berries; a grand place for
! the money: you must see It.
1 $1850^ — Modern house of 6 rooms and bath, ball,
mantel: all in good condition; lot 37x115;
fruit trees and fine garden; one block from
Twenty-third ave. car line.
$1875 — Very neat cottage of 4 large rooms,
hall, bath, attic, all-floored basement, etc.;
lot 50x270; one block north of East Four- j
teunth st., and walking distance to S. P.
local station.
$2100— New, modern cottage of 4 extra lar<je
rooms, high basement, all floored; lot 75x
200 to rear street; location handy to cara
and schcol and desirable for raising chick-
ens, etc.
H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale Station, Cal.
CHAS. F. LEE, Phone Vale 296.
Office — % block from Frultvale station.
$575 — Shingled cabin: chicken houses; beau-
tiful shade trees, berry vines and flowers:
away from the cold winds and fogs; beautiful
view; high ground; close to streetcars and
school: 4 large lots, 60x245; $200 bash, bal-
ance $5 monthly.
. $000 — Nice cottage of 3 rooms; chicken house
and yard; close to station; can be bought on
easy terms.
$400 cash — New cottage of 4 rooms, bath,
pantry, high banement, sanitary wash tubs;
chicken yard and house; fenced and cross-
fenced; berry vines and flowers; near local
train and school; lot 38x125; price all told,
$1600.
$ieOO— Fine new cottage of 4 large rooms,
bath, pantry high basement, reception hall;
near local train and school; lot 38x125.
$M)0 cash — Beautiful up-to-date bungalow
cottage of 5 rooms, reception hall, bath, pan-
try, electric lights; stationary washtubs; finest
of 'plumbing; near local train and school; lot
3Sxl25; price all told. $1750.
$400 cash — This is a gem: handsome cottage
of 4 large rooms, bath, pantry: patent toilet;
reception hall; large rooms; high basement: all
floored; sanitary washtubs; cement walks;
fruit trees In full bearing; abundance of rasp-
berries blackberries, loganberries, vegetable
garden'; abundance of beautiful flowers: 2
chicken houses and yard; gas fixtures through-
out house; a prettier place is hard to find;
total coBt, $1800; easy monthly payments.
$000 cash — Fine cottage of 5 rooms, bath,
pantry sanitary tubs; high basement; fin-
ished for summer kitchen and dining-room:
nice reception hall; large chicken yard and
house;, abundance of fruit trees and flowers;
close to streetcars and school; lot 75x200; two
frontages; all for $2200; easy monthly pay-
ments.
$4500 — One of the handsomest homes on
Fruttvale ave.; corner lot, 75x150, with an L
lot 50x150: chicken yard: chicken house; fenced
and cross-fenced, high board and wire; house
of 8 rooms- lovely fruit trees: abundance of
flowers and elegant lot: fine shade trees; 2 car
lines pass the property: easy terms if desired;
offered at a sacrifice.
$75 lots In the beautiful Rosa Lee tract; fine
soil; grand view; new homes rapidly going
up; no cold winds or wet fogs, and lots only
$75 each; $5 down balance $2 60 per month.
CHAS. F. LEE. 1222 Fruitvale ave.
_ .^___ — ______—————
W. E. RUDELL. REAL ESTATE.
Cor. Frultvale ave. and Washington St.. '
FRUITVALE. CAL.
Office hours— 8 a. m. to 5 p. m., Sundays in-
cluded.
HERE IS SOMETHING. GOOD. .
For rent— Chicken ranch with 000 chickens,
400 pigeons, 1 horse and wagon; chicken
houses will carry 2500 chickens; pigeon
houses will carry 2000 pigeons; brooder
house will carry 2000 chickens; 4 incubators,
good barn, 2 acres of land or more; will
rent complete for $25 per month; If stock
Is bought will rent for $15 per month. Read
this over again..
$1700— A beautiful cottage, 4 large rooms, hall,
hath and pantry. »ras. high basement, ce-
ment walk*, lawn, flowers, berry bushes and
fruit trees, chicken houses, etc. ; lot ! 37
ftet 6 inches by 135; terms $300 cash, bal-
ance eame as rent; 4 blocks from station; %
block from car line.
$J65(V— New. modern cottage, 4 rooms and por-
celain bath: high basement: lot 38x125; 1
block from car line; $250 cash, balance same
as rent.
{850 — House of 5 rooms; lot 60x80; near school;
tfrms to suit.
$2500—4 acres of fruit trees.
$1300—1 acre on Seminary »ve.
$1050 House of 2 rooms; lot 70x110; 16 bear-
ing: fruit trees: good sewer; city water;
seven minutes' walk from Frultvale station;
$100 cash, balance same as rent.
W. E. RUDELL,
Cor Frultvale' ave. and Washington rt..
Office open Sundays. Frultvale, Cal.
ELROD A HULL.
$550; chicken ranch: 30O chickens; J horse
and wagon; 1 cow; all necessary tools; 4-room
house on 6 acres of land for rent for $10 per
$350; 350 chlckenn; 1 Incubator: brooders;
some chicken-houses; all kinds of tools; a
house of 4 rooms on 2 acres of land for rent;
$12 per month.
$450: a small house of 3 rooms; lot 37:6x118;
located 4 blocks from car line and 15 minutes'
walk from Frultvale local mation.
$850: a house of 2 large rooms; hard finish:
large pantry; lot 100xl50i 3 blocks from car
line; city water: nice place for raising chick-
ens.
$1230; a 4-room house; new; lot 100x176; lo-
cated in Upper Frultvale: 6 blocks from car
line and school.
$2250; a new 5-room house: just completed;
bath, pantry, stationary wash tubs; high base-
ment: 1 acre of ground: fine for vegetables; 3
blocks from car line and graded school.
$3000; a 4-room house; 3 acres of land: all in
full beating fruit trees; fine horse and wagon;
Incubator; brooder; 100 thoroughbred chickens;
plenty of chicken-houses and yards; alt ex-
cepting household furniture goes for $3000:
come soon If Interested in such a place, for It
will not stand long at this low price.
$2500; a house of 8 large rooms: lot 65x116.
on corner of two deelrable streets; 3 blocks
from local station.
$1750; a nice house of 6 rooms: lovelr gar-
den; this house has gas, city water, sewer
connections, etc. : is located 4 blocks from local
station; $350 will buy this desirable home,
with balance at same rate as rent.
ELROD A HULL. 1310 Frultvale ave.. 1%
blocks from station: Dhone Brook 1661.
FOR sale — Beautiful bungalow cottage now
nearlng completion; corner lot, 4Sxll3; more
land if desired at reasonable figures; front
porch. 30 ft. long, with broad, easy steps;
llvlDtr room 24x14. with 6-foot mantel: cozy
den: dining-room. 18x13, with elegant side-
board built In wall; kitchen. 12x12, with roll-
top porcelain sink and tiled back; large bed-
rooms (2), with spacious clothes closets ad-
joining and bath between; porcelain tub,
oval marble washstand: patent low down
toilet open nickel plumbing; convenient pan-
try with drawers, bins and enclosed shelves:
numerous cozy seats, pretty windows, elec-
tric lights etc: fine location; macadamized
street: beautiful view of the bay; not built
for sale Bee this if you want an elegant
suburbsn home; price $3500; terms. Address
box 481, Frultvale, Cal.
FOR sale — New cottage 8 rooms, bath, pantry,
stationary wash basin and tubs, . electric
lights, 7-foot basement: street and sewer
work done; lot 35x125; price $2160; $500 cash,
balance in payments to suit purchaser. See
owner, corner Bray avenue and county road,
Frultvale. "
FOR sale— $2750; it cost $3750; renti for $20
per month: 2 cottages on lot. 40x160. Apply
to S. 8. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave..
East Oaklsnd.
rBUITVAIiK rmXZBWED HOUSES
TO rent— Furnished; $35 with piano, $30 with-
out: 6-room house and bath, corner Twtnty-
slxth ave. and Twenty-fourth St.. Frultvale;
' car passes door; Vt hour from Oakland; fine
view; 'take through car at Eighth and Wash-
ington , sts., Oakland, to Twenty-sixth ave.
- and East Twenty-fourth «t.. Frultvals. ' • 1THE SAN FRANCISCO "CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 5, 1904.
44
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OAhl.(M) KH>I. K»TATB.
Tins is it.
\
GOLD IN EVEUY ONE
AT THE PRICE.
TOT OWE IT TO rOCBSELF TO INVES-
TIGATE TIIEFE BEFORE YOU BUY.
CF2 Sfith Ft., between Grove and ™>«: ''"*
£7xlb<> feot <note the size): new colonial house;
open nickel plumbing; strictly up to date;
terms $7iM canh: balance mortgage; this place
Ik a beauty a;id must be seen to be appre-
ciated.
4S0 CdwariF f=t.. east of Telegraph ave.; lot
;-¦•> :;."¦; frontace south; new colonial 7-room
house; never occupied.
291 20th rt.. between Broadway and Frank-
lin- near business center and narrow gauge [
E'.atl'-n; 7-room house: 43 feet frontage: strict- ,
lj- up to date and will rent for $42 30 per ;
month.
2139 Chestnut St.. betwsrn f.2d and 34th:
only four blocks to the Key Route station;
lot ."7x127; driveway; C rooms; high basement;
o'jtr.hlr.ation gs» fixtures: open plumbing; two j
rrxntels: <Tily $r.00 cash, balance mortgage; key
next door.
LAST BUT NOT L7IASED.
The Rustic Bungalow, so odd and complete
th«t It is the talk of the city: NW. corner of
l.tth ave. and East 2Sth St.; 8 rooms and two j
baths; exterior finished In redwood logs and ¦
clinker bricks; large lot; beautiful marine ;
view; Fyace too expensive to extoll its many ;
different cuaMtiee: seeing Is believing: cpen ,
for ins-pectiori <JnJly; terms only $1000 cash, j
balance mcrtgage.
J S. MYERS. 10C2 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. j
1
~ I
• j
,
P.EMOVAL— REMOVAL.
Geo. H Vose. Real Estate Broker and
house rerter. hap removed from 1118 Broad- ¦
Wfcy to 072 Broadway, corner I»th st. I
(Mhl.OK H HMTIKU *l^LJ!U^i^ !
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. ScheKhnas.llth rt..cor.more.OakUnd.
OalOAVD 1TKX1SHED IIOISES.
1
. . :
$.15 — NirELY furnlshfd C-rocm story and a J
haif F«i?s colonial hcrr.e; owner going away
ti:i Beotezaber; su.r.r.y side cf utreet: no small
chi'dren.
B. M. tOPOE & BON.
J10O BP.OAD.WAY. OAKLAND.
OAKLAXD FLATS TO LET.
$17 — FO!l rent unftirr.ished; modern lower 6-
100m flat, bath, separate yard, store room j
r.nd all conveniences: choice location on East i
Heventeenth »t.. near Fifth ave.. East Oe.k- j
land; close to 3 car line* and convenient to
station. P.. H. WELCH ft CO..
gUth ave. and ISth ft.. Oakland.
OAKLAND BOUSBS TO LET.
FOK rent — Hcute. 4 room* and basement:
tuts; hot Jind <"old water. 7W Grant «t.. be-
twetn 13th end 14th nves.. East Oakland.
EL5JHl'h'ST~~nEAi7~KSTATI5.
hi ; i
MOSS TRACT LOTS.
fT50 EACH. ?250 EACH. •
ONLY ONE BL/HTK FROM OAKLAND
AND HAYWARDS ELECTRIC CARS.
1JOUR LOTS, 40xl^J EACH. ON MOSS AVE.
TWO LOTS. 40s32S EACH. ON SARATOGA
AVE.
ADDRESS ALEXANDER, BOX 1203. CALL
OFFICE. OAKLAND.
A T-ACRE home in Elmhurft: S-room house;
newly jiapered and painted; has a good barn
and outhcuse?; choice fruit and berries; love-
ly flower garden; 7 minutes' walk from elec-
tric cars, this is a beautiful home; price
>-i '<". will exchange for Oakland or £an
Franclooo property. MITCHEXER & BAR-
TON. 9'<~. Hmadw.ty. tel. Main 117.
San Francisco Advertisenits.
. 1^ . ,
CHL'ItCB SERVICES.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, Van Ness ave.
and Sacramento rt. — Rev. William Kirk
Outhrle, pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and
7:45 p. m. The pastor will preach at both
«=*"rvlce£. Eabbath-echool. 9:40 a. m. Chris-
tian Endcavcr, 0:30 p. m. and 6:30 p. m.
Wednesday, 8 p. m., midweek sen-Ice. Fri-
day, 8 p. m.. monthly meeting Men's Club.
Election of officers and such other matters
as may cone before the meeting. All are
cordially Invited.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Jack- '
eon and Flllmore sts. — Rev. John Hexnphill.
D.D.. pantor. Morning service at 11 o'clock.
Topic. "The Vleion of the Heart." Even- '
Ing sen-ice at 7:45 o'clock. Topic, -"The
Way to the Throne." Rev. William -l'.ad»r
will preach at both sen-Ices. Sabbath school
at 9:30 a. m.. orchestral music. Christian
Endeavor meeting at €:30 p. m. Prayer
meeting Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. All
are cordially invited.
TRINITY Presbyterian Church, corner Twenty-
third and Capp sts. — Rev. Edward K. Strong.
pastor. At 11 a. m. the Lord's supper will
be administered. Bible school at noon. En-
deavor Society at 6:45 p. m. Evening wor-
ship at 7*.45 o'clock, when the pastor will
preach on "Heroes of the Cros« — David
Brainerd." Strangers welcome at all serv-
ici-s,
WESTMINSTER Presbyterian Church, corner
Webster and Page sts.. Rev. Herbert 12.
Hays, pastor — Morning sermon at 11 o'clock
topic. "Christ, the Eread of Life." and at
7:45 p. m.. topic, "Burning of the Trash."
Sunday echcr.i at 9:43 a. m. Christian En-
deavor at t>:4.5. Prayer meeting every Wed-
nesday evening.
VNITARIAN Church (First). BTV. corner of
• Geary and Franklin ets. — Rev. Bradford
Leavltt minister. Junior church and Sun-
riay school are suspended during vacation.
Usual Sunday service will be held at 11
o'clock. There Is no evening eervice. Mu-
elc by quartet, tinder direction of H. Breth-
ertck. organist. All are cordially Invited.
VNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Twen-
tieth and Capp rts. (Take Mission or Va-
lencia street car) — The Rev. Jay William
Hudson, minister: residence. 600 Capp st.
The SunSay school meet* at 9:45 o'clock;
Mr. W. C. Maxwell, euperfntendent. At the
morning sen-ice at 11 o'clock the Rev. Jay
William Hudson will preach. Subject. "The
Modern Idea of Goodness." Musio by or-
chestra and choir, under the direction of
Mr. Jablsh Clement. All cordially Invited.
Ko evening service.
BIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Churcli, corner Hayes and Buchanan sts.—
Rev. John Stephens, pastor, will preach at
11 a. m. on "Bread on the Waters," and at
7:45 p. m. on "The All-Sufflclent Law of
Life." Sunday school at 12:30 p. m., C
B. Perkins, superintendent. Epworth League
at 6:43 p. m.
CALIFORNIA-STREET Methodists Episcopal-
Church— Rev. George W. White. D. D.. will
prtach the annual sermon to the graduating
class of the National Training School at 11
a. m. The subject of the pastor, Clarence
Reed, at 7:45 n. m., will be "The Opportu-
nlty of the Church of To-Day."
GRACE Methodist Episcopal Church, ' cor
.Twenty-first and Capp «ts.. Rev. F. M. Lar-
kln. Ph..D.. pestor: residence 8168 Twenty-
flrst et. — Bervices at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p m.
¦ Sunday School at 12:43 p. m. 11 a. m.
sacramental services. 7:45 p. m.. sermon by
Rev. J. W. E. Bowen. Ph. D.. an eloquent
and scholarly leader of the negro race in
the United States. Take Mission cr Val-
encia st. cars.
CENTRAL M. E. Church. Mission st.. between
Sixth and Seventh — At the morning service
to-day Dr. S. D. HntslnplUer of Minneapo-
lis, a former pastor of Central, will preach
AU the evening service the present pastor'
Rev. George \V White, will preach. Run-
day-school at 12:45. Young People's meet-
ings at <S:1S. Splendid music. Seats fn-o
Everybody welcome.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Po«t end
Mason »t*. — Rev. Geonre C. Adams, D. D
pastor, will Breach at both service*! At 11
a. rn . tonic, "TT»e Father of a Wandering
Race." At 7:45 p. m.. topic, "Something
Better Than Power." All are cordially in-
vited. «
TRINITY Church. Bosh and Gongh sts. Rev
Frederick W. Clampett, D. D., rector — Holy
communion. 7:30 and 11 a. m. ; Sunday
school, 9:20 a. ro.; morning sen-Ice and holy
communion. 11 a. ra. ; evening service, 8 p.
tn. The Rev. James Hulme, assistant min-
ister In eharre, will preach at both services.
You are heartily Invited.
REVIVAL pet-vices in the Jerry McAuley Mis-
sion, 824 Howard rt. C H. Bright, mission-
ary from I'eru. will preach at 7:45 this ev<n-
lng. Rev. C. C. Herriott. the well-known
t-vangeliit, will rreac-h e\-ery night- except
Saturday. Good singing and the old blestfd
fraepel of salvation as a free gift. Bad sin-
ners 1 and rood sinners. Inferior sinner* and
superior einnera and all crudes < of, sinners
are Invited. Salvation for all. Comet
BUSINESS CHAJTCKS— Contlnned. -
A— CAMERON & CO. -Phone South 1060.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
BEAUTIFULLY located summer resort: flne
groves; 30-room hotel: all furnished and
equipped for business; 20 acres land goes
with lease: raise own hay, vegetable*: all
kinds of fruit; rent $500 per year; equity In
this $2600; death In family cause of - sale.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR tale — Well-furnished 6-room ark, moored
one. hour's ride from city; flne chance for
summer outing; also for winter shooting and
flshing; all modern conveniences: new, one
, year, Drice $2200 complete. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Well-located bazaar and furnishing
goods business; cheap rent; 6% years' lease;
one of the best transfer comers In city; do-
Ing flne business; other Interests cause sale;
price $5000. See CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
FOR sale or trade; — Quartz mine; flne prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hse. or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale, or will trade — 6 acrea Inside city
limits: one of best Interior cities In Callfor-
. nia; house, barn, other outbulldngs; plenty
all knds fruit; beautiful home; will trade for
rooming-house; price $4000. CAMERON &
CO., 3 Eddy st. . .. '
FOR rale— Electrical and locksmith business 1 ;
central location: established 9 years: rent
$30; clears $90 to $100 per month; price $500;
must sell on account of other business. CAM.
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st. ' ,
FOR sale— Carriage and wagon factory and
general jobblnsr: established .27 years; well
located and equipoed with modern tools,
etc.; full Investigation and trial riven; re-
tiring from business. CAMERON & CO., '8
Eddy «t. • •.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR SALE — Hotel Jeffries, a summer resort
l'/4 miles from Wright station on a watered
road; 8% acres of ground in choice varie-
ties of fruit; has two groves of redwood
trees; the main building consists of one
large kitchen with range, dining room that
nrsiNRss ~ cHAynfes-^-cowttnweJ./.
PACIFIC REAL ESTATE CO..
1015 Market "st. Tel. Folsom 141.
?C00.- restaurant: a sure winner.
$250: restaurant: seats 30; clears $90 mo.
$500; country hotel and bar; Investigate.
$475; corner saloon: do good business 1 .
$225; lodging-housa. near Market st.
FINE country hotel and bar In Sonoma Coun-
ty; doing good business; 40 rooms and large
grounds; good list of cigar stores, candy and
delicatessen businesses; Investments of all
kinds receive DromDt attention. EITEL, &
CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
STODDARD'S celebrated specialty drug etore
to be sold at a bargain on account of death
In family; fine living rooms for a doctor;
two side entrances: rent $65. 108 Turk st.
FINE newspaper route for sale. Inquire at
this offlce.
tOl)(ilAU-MQL8t;ii VOK SALS.
A. CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1050.
- 3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
82 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything In
flrst-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; charing now $200 pei- month; If run
transient can clear $300 to $350 per month,
here Is best proposition In city; price $3200.
63 rooms; best downtown transient house In
eslty; will trade for ranch; compeUed to leave
the city.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance:
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $500
per momh; to be sold at a bargain on account
of departure.
17 rooms; rent only $70; flne little apart-
ment-house; sickness; must sell; snap; $600.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; flrst-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished: cheap rent; 10 yews' least; close In:
i dears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
I per cent per annum; departure.
\ 24 moms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
1 trr,m\ l«na»
• P1RITCAL1SH. '
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, ~~~~
Clairvoyant trance, business medium and life
reader. 1208 Market st.. Gait House.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-
night. 8 o'clock, $1; Tuesday night, BOc.
1084 Bush st.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing
seance, Friday. Sunday eves. 328 Ellis; SOc.
MRS ELSIE REYNOLDS^materiaUzlnVseance
Sunday at 8 p. m.. SOc. 328 EUls st. :• -
MME. FRANCIS, a truly glftea medium; also
card reader. 110 Sixth st.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
. slate-writer. 1112 Eddy St.: phone Scott 837.
CLAlit\ OVA.V1». ~
THE FUTURE REVEALED, THE PAST
DISCLOSED.
The Present Analyzed by Livingstone.
PROF. LIVINGSTONE'S readings are like
a living page of Flammarlon's treatise that la
bo electrifying the world to-day. He Is no
Imitator. His work Is upon original lines,
pure thought, clear vision. -He tells you what
you desire to know and works In the open
light.
I He la as conspicuous for his wonderful oc-
cult analysis as he Is for his original ex-
pression and vivid truthfulness.
A test reading Is not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
give you a full life reading for $1. A test Is of
little value; when the mind Is troubled you
need morn substantial aid and advice. This
Is Just what PROF. LIVINGSTONE gives
you when you call on him for a flrst-class
clairvoyant reading.
He asks you no questions, but tells you
what you wish to know.
He does not mention all the Ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts In your case. Let PROF.
LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you, find the cause of trouble and
suggest the remedy.
Permanently located 428 Eddy st.: S sepa-
rate reception parlors. Lady attendant.
Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. *
ASSURED success for you.
CaU at once and save $4.
His famous $5 readings this week for
II $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
No charge — No charge
Unless you obtain the Information for
which you consult him.
Paul destine.
CUBES BUVYUaS. *. . "
HUNTER'S Positive Rupture Holder. $10; no
dlzcomfcrt. 120C Market St.: send for circular.
~ EDUCATIONAL.
AT borne tn our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business?
study In the entire West. New. complete,
extensive departments. Thorough, inspiring
Instruction 73- page catalogue on requent.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. Ml-
923 Golden Gate ave.
METROPOLITAN Business College, removed.
Van Nesa and Golden Gate aves; prepare*
for high school, business, etc. ; assist* to
positions; heme typewriters free: send for
circular. It. II. WEUSTEK, ex-SuDt. City
Schools, President.
A BIGGER school than ever. On Jun« 1 we
moved to new fireproof building, 73S Mission
st., -between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light: finest in the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST. 3-
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing.
; - languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
1 and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
i A— CHICAGOrBUSINESS^OLLEGEri433MaJ^
ket. guarantees positions to graduates: Plt-
! man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; tS mot.
\ LADIES to learn photo negative retouofclng;
! taught by expert In one month: poeitlons
; guaranteed at $10 per week up. 331 Page st.
, AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
; ket St.; established 18 years; special discount
during month of June; catalogue free.
HEALD'S School of MlnesAElectrictty.24 Poet
st., 8. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue tree.
YOUNG man or young lady can earn business)
or shorthand course by working; a few hour*
I dally. B. F. Bus. College. 73S Mission st,
! DANCING — Adult*. Mon. and Fri. tvgs; tave-
nlles. Sat. 2 to S: priv. lessons dally. Ftnd-
lay*s Hall. 17th. bet. Valencia and Gmrrera,
BOOKKEEPING. English, math., etc.. day cr
eve. ;lndlvldual lnstr. Rm. 2. 30S Larkln. Prof.
T. A. Robicson, formerly of Pac Bus. Col.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. •«¦-'
vey, assay cyanide; day ev. ; esc 1864. Van
der Nalllan School. 113 Fulton, -nr. City Hall.
ATTEND Gallagher- Marsh Busla-js College o«
advice of oflcial court reporters' and be com.
petent stenographers. 1382 Market; catalog.
win seat 42. 2 bedrooms and parlor 20x21; the j
upstairs contains 6 bedrooms and porches
surround house; one cottage of 3 rooms, one '
cottage of 2 rooms, two single cottages, one ,
large and one small, four tents, cellar and j
washrooms In main building, five rustic sum- !
mer houses, croquet grounds; plenty of room :
to put up cottages. This place is completely |
furnished and Includes stock and- tools and |
a large cistern for rain water; so well estab- (
llphed Is the reputation of the place that It 1
fills each year without necessity of any ad- |
vertlslng. Price $5500; clears over $2000 1
each season. For Immediate sale see W. E.
BARNARD, 476 Tenth St.. Oakland.
AGENTS wanted — State and county rights for
sale. YNCA REMEDIES CO. Scalp and
Skin Remedies. Apply to FRANK P. ME-
DINA, Patent Attorney, room 0, Hobart
buildup, 532 Market St.. San Franc)3co.
$350 SECURES % Interest In fine-paying com-
mission business clearing $150 monthly to
each; references exchanged: experience un-
nectssary, but must be sober and reliable.
Particulars, 1007% Market st.i room 1.
$5000 — Candy store; best In town; fine location;
a perfect palace: monthly receipts, $3000;
monthly expense, $350; a money-maker; only
reason for selling la pressure of other busi-
ness. D. L. JUNGCK, 2111 Shattuck ave.,
Berkeley.
A SMALL general merchandise store In a town
of 700 population; sales average about $1300
per month; will cell reasonable, as It is
necessary for the owner to leave. Address
for particulars, box 625, Call office.
PARTNER wanted In a well-established .whole-
sale business; only small capital required, as
we buy for canh and sell for cash and carry
very little stock on hand;* profits are very
large. Address box 737, Call offlce.
FOR SALE — Coffee, tea and spice route over
18 years' standing; selling on account of re-
tiring from business. For particulars In-
quire at 110 Front St.. between 11 a. m.
and 1 p. m.
STOCK OR BOND ISSUE
of reputable corporation, mining or indus-
trial, wanted for selling on commission; give
particulars. P. O. box 1463, New York City.
WANTED — A young man; must be honest and
trustworthy and have $2500 to $3000; perma-
nent position and good salary by established
company. Address box 2037, Call . offlce.
FOR sale — Grocery store and branch bakery;
full value In sight; price $400; owner has
other business. Call 622 Telegraph ave.,
' Oakland. ¦ uj ..
$200 INVE8TED now, with part services in
responsible corporation, will bring quick re-
turns. Lock Box 1021. ' Peorla. 111. ¦
RESTAURANT, delicatessen store, 2831 Mis-
sion st.7 for sale or exchange for real estate;
clears above expenses $160 monthly.
HALF Interest In established crude milling
and paint manufacturing plant Is for sale;
$4000. Box S92. Call offlce.
BUSINESS man will Invest $1000 or more
and services In established business; no
agents. Box 626. Call offlce.
THREE cows, horse, cart and milk route for
sale; place to let. Brewster St., near Ea-
meralda ave.
A WELL- PAYING poultry ranch for sale;
cheap rent. Apply 6493 Telegraph ave.,
Oakland.
RESTAURANT, Market St., fine fixtures;
money maker; cheap; owner sick. Box 2001,
Call offlce.
GROCERY and bar for sale In splendid loca-
tion south of Market st. Address box 668,
Call offlce.
$275— CANDY. I stationery and school supplies;
two good living rooms; opposite large school;
good neighborhood. Box 543 Call offlce.
CANDY business; valuable downtown location;
good business; flne fixtures; $4000; other In-
terests. Address box 677, Call offlce.
FOR -sale — Sandwich stand; everything . com-
plete; owner going away; open after 4 p.
ro. 95S'/4 Mission St.. near Sixth.
PARTY to Join mt In organizing land and
cattle company; good proposition to right
party; small capital.' Address box 250t), Call.
PHYSICIAN, licensed, can learn of flne sub-
urban location from Dr. Thrasher, Donohoe «
bldg.
A— $250; PARTNER wanted In light business.
. Particulars at 47 Geary st.. room S.
$150 — HALF Interest In good established, pay-
ing business' on Market st. Box 630. Call.
DRUG store; suburb; $900; lease" 4% years;
rent $16; new building. Box 20<l, Call.
5450^-STORE; value In stock; living rooms;
leaving city. Apply 202 Noe st.
YOUNG man with $400 wants legitimate busl-
ness proposition. Box 2025, Call offlce.
A FURNISHED hotel to lease In a thriving
town In Marln County. Box CSS. Call offlce.
STATIONERY store wanted; cheap rent; north
of Market. Address box 693, Call offlce.
WE start you In business; make $5 day.
Western Mfg. Agency. 016 Market st.
WANTED — To buy a good paying delicatessen
store. Address box 684, Call offlce.
CANDY and Ice cream store; must sell; come,
maWe offer. 1427 Market st.
FOR sale — The best paying shoe shop In the
city. 2140 Fillmore st. - - .
CHOPHOUSE near waterfront; must leave; one-
thlrd cost; $75. 17 Washington st.
GOOD position for -live business man with
$1000; wholesale; Inc. Box 2053. Call.
DELICATESSEN and dining room north of [
¦Market; good business; cheap. Call 414 Jones 1
JBBO — Paying cigar and notion store; 4 rooms;
good ' s tock fixtures. Brookbank, 917 Market.
CORNER saloon; wholesale district;, lease;
snap. Anchor Brewery.
HAIRDRESSERS — Call and see my place;
must sell; make offer. 1133 Market st.
WANTED — A good salesman to represent us
In San Francisco and - surrounding territory;
.. liberal pay to right party; must be a mem-
ber of lodges. Address Qulncy Regalia. Co.,
Qulncy. III. nj
A— $330; branch bakery and delicatessen
store with 4 rooms; rent $25: flne location:
¦good business. Bee R. G. W1LKIE, 26 V4
Kearny st. ' ,
100 LOTS free; applicants sending stamp will
. receive deed of lot. -size 25x100 feet; suburb
N.. Y. . Twentieth Century Realty Co., 0
Wall St.. New York. -
WANTED — Experienced • newspaper 'route - men
to • handle circulation on Fresno . Evening
Democrat; chance to build up good business. -
Write for particulars.
WE start you In mall order business; particu-
lars and samples free. American Special
Agency. Milwaukee, Wls. , - ':¦'-•¦
FOR sale — Bakery with large stock; good loca- i,
- tlon and reasonable rent. 715 McAllister st.
GOOD . candy . store, for sale, cheap; .'leaving
, city. Address box 443, Call offlce. _
WANTED — Active partner in downtown day
saloon; prioe $2000. Box 427; Call office. -
108 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnlsned, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run in conjunction If desired;
rare chance for right parties; part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of the house; other busi-
ness interests demand immediate departure.
8 rooms' fine upper flat; rent only $30; can
be had by paying $160 down, balance time; $450.
21 rooms; corner; rent only $55: oak fur.;
good carpets; housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
$1COO. ¦.
180 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped;
cheap rent; fine lease; paying $900 to $600 per
month; close In; full nice people; bargain If
taken at onoe; dissolution of partnership.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights: long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys in the city.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished;
little apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
23 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business: .will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
14 rooms: rent only $57; oak furniture; good
carpete; part cash, balance time; price $900.
106 rooms; cheap rent; first-class up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business, for exchange or trade, always on
hand. A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
MARION GRIFFIN,
406 Hearst bldg.. over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts.; tel. Black 3607.
Rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
HIGH-CLASS rooming-house of 19 rooms,
clearing $10S monthly; fine, new furnishings;
sunny side; beautiful lawn; must be sold;
don't wait, but make some offer to/
MARION GRIFFIN.
CORNERS are In demand; 30 rooms; north of
Market; extra fine; long lease; clears- $176;
high-class roomers. MARION GRIFFIN.
FAMILY boarding-house 'of 40 rooms; very
quiet and refined; nice; sunny corner in fash-
ionable section of city; owing to 111 health
the owner will take $2500; half cash; clears
$180 per month and all help hired. '
MARION GRIFFIN.
LOOK AHEAD 6 months, when this 80-room
house will, be worth $8000; the rent Is only
$3 per room; clear proflt $246 monthly; owner
has chance to buy a saloon clearing $500
month, hence will sacrifice the house for
$40C0 this week. MARION GRIFFIN.
SUTTER at. Is Al for select roomers; $1600
takes a nice, quiet, respectable house of 23
rooms; all outside, light, sunny rooms; clears
$93 per month. MARION GRIFFIN.
OR would you prefer a 17-room house. 2 blocks
north of Market? Just the permanent room-
ers pay $05 per month over expenses; you
only need $800 In cash. MARION GRIFFIN.
NINE] rooms for $250? Yes, 6 blocks north of
Market; rent $85; needs more furniture.
ALSO
7 rooms, near Emporium, $250; clears $20.
10 rooms, O'FarreU st., $300; rent $40; In-
come $70. MARION GRIFFIN.
SPLENDID 40-room house on Sutter St.. In
the best possible condition. Plentifully fur-
nished with the best of everything. Full of
the most desirable people- Proflt $150 month.
Reasonable rent. Long lease. Fair price.
MARION GRIFFIN.
JUST the place; 14 beautifully furnished rooms
on a sunny corner 'near St. Francis Hotel;
hlghclass, respectable roomers; low price;
part cash, balance as you earn It from the
house. This Is an Ideal home and money-
maker^ MARION GRIFFIN.
H. C. DECKER. 906 MARKET ST..
THE LEADING LODGING-HOUSH
AND HOTEL BROKER IN
BAN FRANCISCO FOR 29 YEARS.
SEE MY 1000 BARGAINS.
100 ROOMS: sunny corner; rent $123.... $4500
10O rooms; clears $350; low rent $6500
SO rooms; furniture nearly new $3S00
40 rooms; fine location, north of Market. $1000
46 rooms; in Oakland; new; rent $60. ...$2500
12 rooms; half cash; cheap rent $600
Money to loan on furniture. EITEL &
CARRO"LL. 212 Kearny st.
/
A FIRST-CLASS apartment house, downtown
location, for sale at a sacrifice for cash or
will make terms to suit if sold before July
1 : account of etckaess. A, B. SMITH CO.,
123 Ellis st.
$0500^ — AN extra well paying lodging-house,
with lease; will accept bay property In part
. payment. F. F. PORTER. 466 Eighth st,
Oakland.
$100— FURNISHED flat: 3 rooms; also 5-room '
flat. $150; furnished house, 11 rooms. $350. :
BERG-ARMSTRONG CO., 318 Kearny st. I
K, ROOMS; corner: near R. R. depot; rooms '
all full; clears $125 per month; rent $3 per
room; owner sick; must sell; $2350. 453, Call. ;
V r 'TnTY-FIVE-ROOM Market-street house: .'
busy corner; Al transient; I will sell at low :
figure or exchange. Box 34S6, Call offlce.
15-llOOM lodging-house; rent 60; cheap; terms
or exchange. Room 106,' 1170 Market st.
FOR" sale — Lodging-house of 6(S rooms for sale
cheap. Apply box 2501, Call offlce. !
10 ROOMS, well furnished, large, sunny. $230
cash, bal. mo.; clears 5 60; sick. 120 O'Farrell.
10-ROOM lodging-house; all full; rent $43;
water free: price $600. 720 Polk st. I
LODGIXC-HOtlSES WANTED.
WANTED — Good transient rooming-house of
about 20 rooms; must be cheap.' 411 Post st.
O&OTHraO BJEWOYATIlf Q.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 EUls st., room 14;
¦ phone. Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free-.
coL^OTpy orriOBS.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or • country. : Pacific Collection Co.. 415
' Montgomery. ¦ rooms 9-10: tel. Main SSSO.'
COTTAGES TO LET.
CENTRAL . ave., ¦ 721 — 8 . rooms; bath; base-
ment; yard; $25. Owner, 48 Halght st.
SUNNY- cottage; 6 rooms; basement; yard. 137
Dolores St., near Fifteenth. -
FOURTEENTH, 877— Cottage of 6 sunny rooms
¦and bath; modern; rent $30.
$17-^-6-ROOM cottage on Cottage row, near
Webster. 'bet. Sutter and Bush, Inquire 7,
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever In San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to be full JuJge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fail to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you call«d for: I tell you If
husband, wife or lover Is true or false; who and
when you will marry; how to gain the love of
the one you desire; "In fact." I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself; his advice Is reliable; his
powers are wonderful and Indisputable: he Im-
proves your character ko that you will reach I
the highest possible development In mental
vigor, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; the controlling power Implanted In your
nature, so you can control any one secretly;
cures disease and lost vitality; gives advice on
mining and burled treasures; gives you success
In life; be guarantees you success or charges
nothing for his services.
10 a. m. to 8 p. m. — Closed Sunday.
328 O'Farrell st.— 326
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOU8
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
¦ nently located at 17 Third St.. nexi Examiner
bldg. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
piesent happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; If yon are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic. love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice In
all affairs cf life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 4569.
ATTENTION— MISS M. WILLE, 330 EUls St.,
the well-known medium, crystal seer, may
be consulted In all affairs of life; every hid-
den mystery revealed; she will show you
how to overcome your enemies an<l unite the
separated: tell your entire life, pa.<*. present
and future: If you are unhappy; love or
family affairs; business transactions; no mat-
ter what trouble you ir.ay have consult this
¦wonderful medium and you will be told how
to overcome them; satisfaction or no charge;
readings $1; hours, 10-3 p. m. ; Sundays,
10-2 p. m.
MRS. GENTRY, famous divine healer, clair-
voyant, palmist, business medium; fortunes
told correctly-; dreams Interpreted; flow of
blood stopped Instantly; cures fits, rheuraa- ,
tlsm, St. Vitua dance, dropsy and almost any
ailments and -afflictions; will give names of
people she has cured In the Mission; consul-
tation free; consult this endowed woman and |
be made well and happy; treatments and j
readings by mail;- at home every day and ¦
evenlne. 2725 Mission st.. between 23d and!
21th, S. F.. Cal. Phone Church 762. 1
ELLSMERE, , Egyptian seer, clairvoyant:
marvelous reading*; advice love, business,
mining; locates, cures disease; whom, when
you marry: call If In trouble or doubt; re-
moves spells, evil Influence; by mall $2.
1007% Market st.; low fee.
MME. PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant medium, |
card reader, born with & double veil and sec- !
ond sight, tells past, present and future; 1.
SOc, g. by cards $1: palmistry and clairvoyant
sit.. $1 SO. 290 O'Farrell St., near Mason.
A— Miss M. Wllle, 330 EUls. clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion: names given; special. $1: hours 10 to S.
mTsS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr. ft palm.;
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestto
troubles, bus. and financial success; names;
1.. 60c: g.. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. O. G. ave.
Mrs.A.H.Krocenberg.palmlst. clairvoyant, card
reader: when others fall try me;good readings
23c. 721 Franklln.nr.O.G.ave.Tel.Larkln 4207.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, clairvoyant trance busi-
ness medium and life reader; advice on min-
ing Jt invest.; devel. cir. Thurs.. 8. 723 Polk.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given; 25c up. 833 Howard^et-4th&5th.
MME. ODELL returned; clalrroyant,card read-
er; tea leaves; 23c up. Lower flat. 220 Eddy.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la, 25c;
gents SOc. 951 Mission St., nr. Oth; open Sun.
MISS SEYMOUR celebrated card reader, and
palmist. 763 Market st.. second floor.
MME HERNANDEZ, wonderful palmist and
card reader. 421 Hyde st.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
26^4 Kearny. room 20; ladies, 25c; gents.SOc.
MISS WARD clairvoyant, gives names, date
and facts; readings dally. 917 Market at.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 23 Vi 6th; 1. 25c. g. SOc.
ISMAR. the celebrated Egyptian seeress. -will
return from her vacation July 1.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 EUls st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader, sit-
tings daily. 44S% Jessie at., bet. Bth and Cth.
CARPET BEATI.VO AND CLEAJUNoT
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on
floor without removal: carpets and rugs are
alto cleaned by compressed air at shop;
prices moderate. B. ' F. Compressed Air
Cleaning Co.. 30S Market St.; phones Main
152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with yonr woric
send for SPAULDING' S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 335-33I" Tehama st Tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st.. clean-
- Ing & laying done reasonably. TeL Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 223.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works,
S33 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 12&
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 218.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co..402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 304. OEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet- beatlns works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. : tel. Mission 263.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown, $3 50; flUlngs, 5Oc;
plates, $S; full set; all work painless and
,. warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Marketer. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting SOc; gas given.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.14 1st
floor, Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'FarreU.
Paris Dental Pariors. 2^8 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns.$2Hip; fllllng»,23c.
FREE examination with chart at the new
York Dentists. OtfO Mission st., BE. cor. 6th.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, 33c; crowns $*>• no
p*ln: open Sundays. Dc.O.B.Hewltt.204 Suttr.
L'_| t *^;* r '-*n X --Y > : t '?_.V^ ii SKA>1>iit « : - aa ' : *^
McDowell dressmaking ~
and millinery schoou.
Best system of dreescutting taught
Best course In mllllntry.
Best pattern rooms; evening class
¦ 1019 Market st.. above Sixth.
ACCORDION, sunburst and knlfe-tJtatfins:
Stewart's button and buttonhole factJBl 110
Taylor at.; tel. Folsom 2121. *•"*»» **»
ASTOR, famous New York astrologer; consul-
corne" Sixth"" °' *«""*• " T "»"?."-.
M SP°. WELi> Prewmaklng A Millinery School—
patterns cut to measure; «Te. class. 1019 Mkt.
SPANISH — Quick and thorough mstrnetlons la
class or private. PROF.- MAYA. 427 Hotter.
KENT I*w School: thirteenth year: send for
partlculara. 636 Parrott bolldms;.
PIANO lessons thoroughly taught; 23o per
hour. Box 2034. Call office.
PRIVATE lessons English, shorthand #ts.. $4
mo. Western Business College. 1107 Market.
GUITAR mandolin and piano $3 per mo. a
mandolin dub. $1 per mo. 823 Halght st.
PIANO lessons. 23c half hoar. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
BMPLOTMOT OFFICES.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Offloe— Japanes*-
Chlnese help. 420 Powell St.; tel Main 8753.
GRAND— Japanese and Chinese employment
offlce. 415 Stockton st.; tel. Grant 163.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main SISS.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 year*.
TeL Main 1997. BRADLEY A CO.. MO Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FKJULB.
AT MIS3 PLUNKETTS Employment Bureau.
425 Sutter St., near Powell; tel. Mala 647»—
A number of young and reliable cooks,
housemaids, parlormaids and waitresses,
laundresses. Infants' nurses, hotel help and
housework girls are now registered for
work. Write, call or telephone; offlce hours.
8:30 a. m. to 5:S0 o. m.
EXPERIENCED mother and nurse will as-
sume care of children. 1 year upward, dur-
ing vacation or exposition: terms reasonable;
references. MRS. JAQUES. 1708 Francisco
St., Berkeley; phone Dana 68L
AA— BOOKKEEPER; cashier; young lady; ex-
pert accountant; all modern methods; highest
references; last position 5 years. Box 2508.
Call office^ ,
AN experienced nur3« wishes engagements;
surgical or confinements; references; reason-
able: economical. Call or address MRS.
MERRITT, 127 Seventh st.
A REFINED, well educated, domestic ycunj
lady, agj 17, wishes a position as compan-
ion to a lady; highest references. Address
box 2049. Cail offlca.
A YOUNG German married woman wlBtoes a
position to take charge cf a rooming-house,
cr take charge of cleaning offices or halls or
stairs. Box 2033. Call offlce.
REFINED. North German, middle-aged nurse,
like to take care of two children (from S to
8 years); plain sewing: city or country short
distance: references. Box 209d. Call.
COMPETENT nurse wishes engagements; con-
finements. Invalids, massage; painstaking:
moderate terms; references. MRS. KINO.
917 Geary st.
DRESSMAKER, experienced, would like a few>
more engagements by the day; good cutter
and fitter; reasonable. Box 567. Call.
COMPETENT woman wants work by the day.
washing or house-cleaning; references; terms
reasonable. Box 102. 1008 Market st.
SITUATION wanted by cultured young lady
as companion to lady. Box 2331. Call branch,
2200 Fillmore st. ________^_
TRUSTWORTHY woman wishes housekeeper" •
position In the country; references given.
Box 500. Call. .» \
WOMAN wants work by th» day, washing.
Ironing or house-cleaning; $1 50 a day. Box
551. Call offlce.
WANTED — A position to assist la general
housework: best of references. Box 2024,
Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by a middle-aged Ger-
man woman as nurse or companion during
trip to Europe. Box B78. Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted aa companion or private
secretary for lady, or governess for children;
$25 per month. Box 629. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work at home:
work neatly done; guaranteed: at reasonable
prices. MRS. YAGER, 23% Moss- st.
AN elderry woman wishes situation t» d»
light housework; no objection to country;
references. Addreea box 594. Call offloe.
YOUNG lady desires clerical position; experi-
enced stenographer and typewriter; thorough-
ly understands offlce work. Box 2006. CaJl.
FIRST-CLASS French and American eooll
wishes situation; best of references; out at
city preferred. Box 2013. Call offlce.
DRESSMAKING la families by an experienced
dress-maker; $1 40 per day; references. Box
2043. Call offlce. |
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes a position as
housekeeper. Please call 339 Minna St..
basement floor. '
A NEAT young girl deatres situation; family;
good cook: city or country; $30. Box 204d»
Call offlce.
A YOUNG woman with references wants house
cleaning by the day; $1 SO and carfare. 769
McAllister, basement.
WOMAN wants work by the day: houseclean-
lng: $1 50 and car fare. Call or address
MRS. OSGOOD. 115 Hayes at.
REFINED German maid, flrst-elaaa waitress
and seamstress, wishes situation; $30; city
or country. 878 McAllister st.
A WOMAX wishes to go out by the day or
half day; washing, sleeping, dusting; Mon-
day and Saturday. 157 Ninth st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants washing. Iron-
Ing or housecleanlng; $1 SO day; good work
done; stranger. Box 2031. Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants position, house-
keeper for two or to take care of Invalid.
Address 632 Jessie st.
AMERICAN woman; has child: good cook;
wants work; country. *324 Maaon St., phone
Black 2300.
A FIRST- CI.AS3 laundress wants position;
hotel; resort. 324 Mason at., phone Blac'x
2396.
YOl'NO lady wishes position at shorthand and
typewriting. Addresa MJB8 J. K.. box 237,
Call offlce.
YOUNG lady wishes position as clerk la office;
good typewriter and penman. Address box
12O4. Call offlce, Oakland.
LADY stenographer wishes position In whole-
sale house. Address box 2G74, Call branch.
22CO Flllmore st.
WANTED by good seamstress, position with
dressmaker as helper; $1 25 per day. Box
2C60. Call offlce.
GERMAN woman wants situation In bakery.
dellcatesMn or confectionery store; best ot
references. Address 1220 Folsom st.
GERMAN woman wishes a situation; house-
work; good cook; references; small wages.
Box 250it. Call offlce.
POSITION desired by young lady to act as
substitute In office work; references. Box
1501. IOCS Market st. .
YOUNG woman wlshe3 sttuatloa as chamber*
maid In city or country. Box 43fl, Call.
WANTED — A situation as waitress or cham-
bermaid; f£patry hotel. Box 453, Call.
CHUBCH SERVICES — Continued.
FIRST UaptlEt Church. 320 Eddy st.. Rev. L.
P. Russell preaching— Sermon, 11 a. ra.. top-
ic. "The Pattern Life." Bible school, 12:30
p. m. Christian Endeavor. U:30 p. m. Ser-
mon 7:30 p. m.. topic. "Antagonizing
Christ." Prayer meeting Wednesday, « :4u
P. m. All welcome. Seats free.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
blwk. '-"23 Butter St.. bet. Kearny and Grant
me. — Christian Science service at 11 a, m. ;
subject of lesson-sermon, "God the Pre-
server of Man." Sunday-school for children
at the same hour; Wednesday evening meet-
injr at 8 o'clock: fre.? reading room. -00
Koarny Ft.. rcoirj3 5n9-olO; all are welcome. -
THE People's Church meets Sunday evenings
In Elks' Hall. 223 gutter st. Subject this
evening, "Personal Effort." Paetor, Mrs.
Anna L. Gillesple. Social Monday evening.
Sunflower Hall. S03 Larkln^st^
CHURCH of the N*w Thought— Service* In
Remembrance Hall. O^d Fellows bldg.,
every Funday nlcht. This evening Kev.
Henry Victor Morgan will rpeak. Subject,
"The" Therapeutics of Laughter"— second lec-
ture on perfect health— how to get It and
keep it. All Invited. Come early In order
to get a seat.
BENJAMIN FAY MILLS will speak to-day .
only in Gclrten Gate Hall. 025 Sutter et.. 11 :
a m., on "How Can a Man Become Ac- ,
qualnted With Gel?" S p. m. on "Three ;
Wayn to Love," with sacred concert by Mr.
Sidney Pelxotto's Columbia Park Boys'
Chorus; and at 7:45 p. m. on "The Divinity
cf Christ." by special request. All seats free.
THE Theosophlcal Society— Colonel H. S. Ol-
cott president-founder. Headquarters. Acad- |
emy of Sciences building. 819 Market tt.
Public lecture at P p. m. by Mrs. Mary A. i
- ATTOR.tEY8-AT.LAW. "
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for small fee.
Eee me and cave money; no Day in advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs.; rms. I, 2. 3, 4 & 3,1st fL,
1122 Market st'.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free sll matters. Detectives employed.
R. W. KING Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg.,
Cth floor; entrance room 011; established 20
years; all cases, general court and office prac-
tice; no fee in advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment.. Tel. Red 3601^
PENSIoTratty7^li7"ilARRIs7 40 EUls St.. 20
yrs. practice; refs. from many thousands of
soldiers, sailors, widows and orphans on Pa-
clflc Coast for whom I have secured pensions.
DIVORCE — Costs, $12: quick, quiet; advice
free; all law business: no charge unless suo-
ceesful; open evenings. »27 Market, room 301.
ADVICE free: divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs In advance: all law business: offlce
open Saturday eyenlngs. S19 Market St., r.33.
DIVORCE law a specialty; no publicity: advice
free; costs $12. A*. B.A.S.. P.O. box 2199. 3.F.
L. S. CLARK~S>27 ~Market St.: consultation
fr«e: nn feci. In ndvance: open evenings-
AUTOMOBILES.
AUTOMOBILES— Livery, garage and sales,
room*: automobiles of every description
bought and sold; will buy or sell second-
hand machines. See us before you do any-
thing with your machine. Phone South 702.
Pacific States Automobile Co., 217 Ellis st.
WANTED — To buy an automobile In flrst-class
order; not over $500. Address, giving de-
scrlptlon of machine, box 671. Call offlce.
WANTED — Second-hand automobile; must be
very cheap. Address box 45. Martinez, Cal.
Hasty. Subject. "Theosophy and Religion.'
Study clasa Thursday, 2:30 p. m.
MERTIMaff — •«P\D*V.
ALL skeptics invited to witness Mme. Young's
spirit messages to-nffcht. 10c; Mrs. Seal,
lecture. 619 McAllister; readings dally.
MRS~STODDARD'S seances, 10c: spirits re-
turn with messages to .their friends; Sun-
day. Tuesday; sittings. 278 Ninth st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY.
Cialn-oyant, trance, business medium and life
reader. 1206 Market St.. Gait House.
SPIRITUAL evening meeting. Scottish Hall.
117 Larkln. Lecture and tests. Professor
Perkins" subject, "Hamlet."
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister «t.— Mrs. C.
J. Myer; Fit. daily; tests to all every ev., 10c.
MKS. HARLAND'S circle- evenings; to-night
prophetic tests. 10c. 148 Sixth; read., 50c. $L
W. G. KEEGAN ho'.ds test seances every night
exesrt Sat.; 10c; sit. 10 to 5. 14S Slith St.
TEST. 909Mark*t. 2-8. Wilson. Herbert; 8.
Dr. Cowan. Mr. Hargrave: • 10c.
EARLE'S grand test seance to-night. 1C52
Ellis Bt. •
Sl'SDAY LECTURES.
BENJAMIN FAY MILLS will speak to-day
only In Golden Gate Hall. C25 Sutter St.. 11
a. m. on "How Can a Man Become Ac-
quainted With God?" * p. ro. on "Three
Ways to Love." with sacred concert by Mr.
Sidney Pelxotto's famous Columbia Park
B*yj"6' Chorus, and at 7:45 p. m. on "The
Divinity of Christ." by special request. All
Beats free.
DR. J. E. COLLINGE'.S lecture on "New
Jerusalem or Heaven on Earth, and How to
Get There." I. O. O. F. building. Covenant
Hall. S p. m.
ARTHUR MORROW LEWIS, lecture; answer
to the Pope's encyclical on labor unionism
and socialism; Turk st. Temple; Thursday,
S p. ra.; free.
CARMEN'S Hall. 310 O'Farrell st, to-night at
S. J.' B. Benham. president of Labor Council,
on the moral influence of unions; free.
MBBT1KG .NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge Nor. i # f. and m
A. M. — Th» offlcei* and members of *V'\f'
the abeve named lodge are hereby /V\
notified "to attend the funeral of cur
late brother. JOHN JAY COOK. In King
Solomon's Hall. Masonic Temple, THIS
DAY (Sunday), June S. at 1 :3O p. in. !iaa-
ter Masons and friends of the deceased are
invited. By order of the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
HALL of Fidelity Lodge No. 120. F\ m
and A. M. — Funeral Notice — Officers VV
and members are requested to be pres-
ent at Masonic Temple at 9 a. m.
SUNDAY, the 5th inst,. for the purpose of
conducting the funeral ceremonies of our late
brother. HENRY SIMON, thence to Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY, Secretary.
ALTA Lodge No. 205. I. O. O. F.
Election of officer^ i<T the «>n-
EU'.njT frm MONDAY EVEN-
ING, June 6. *'3tfm^
C. H. EDWARD. N. G.
H. P. PETERSEN. Recording Secretary-
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222. I. O. O.
F.— Elo-ctlon c£ offi.-^rF MONDAY -^jSiflftiJ^
EVENING, June 5. 10IM. : fc*!s3'j£»*5
n. f\ macphee, m. g. "^zSKnss 3 "
H. A. BAILY, R. 8.
CALIFORNIA Ledge No. 1. I. O.
O. F. — Initiation MONDAY .fafiEHMfo
EVENING. June 6. Visiting ' J £5S&J3li
brothers will be welcomed. *&mfl*<> r
. D. M. BIRRELL. N. G.
EXCURSION to Sunset Park, Santa •£**
Cruz Mountains, WEDNESDAY, *vjapjr/
June 8, given by McKlnley Camp T^W
No. 3. U. R-, K. of P. Starting JP&&C
8 a. m.. ferry building. Market st.
Returning at 6 p. ra. Trains Ftop at San
Jose. Round trip $1; children 60 cents.
OFFICERS and members of the -•_
ServIan-MontT.egrin L. and li. JfiMO
Society: You are all requested jJ^aC—
to assemble at our hall. 909 siKV''v-j\
Market ft.. SUNDAY. June 5, at tffi.ttflr»Vr
8 o'clock a, m. sharp, to par- Bt*lf*3'!Ki
tldpate in the march to the ferry t«VCJu{\U
depot of our 24th annual picnic, \-\H$\itJ
which will be held at Buena X£!jJ>^
Vista Park. Sausalito. The
society will leave on the 9:16 a. m. boat.
Purchase yonr boat tickets at the Sausalito
ferry depot. Admission to the park 25c.
3. E. KUKAVIZA, President.
M. J. STANISICH. Rec. Sec.
"DINNA YE HEAR THE ELO- v « v,
GAN?"— Shell Mound Park MON-^H-W
DAY, July 4; Twenty-third Grand
Annual Gathering and Games of ''fc^?*
the San Francisco Scottish Thistle Club.
The Greatest and Grandest Event of the
Season ; monster programme ot attractions;
don't fail to attend; grand ball and fire-
works at night.'
GEO. W. PATERSON, Royal Chief.
A. B. CARLISLE, Recorder.
MODERN Woodmen of America. Coodfellow-
shlp Camp 9333, M. W. of A., meets every
MONDAY NIGHT at Fraternity Hall. Mtt
Market St.. San, Francisco.
W. H. EDWARDS, V. C.
W. J. ELLIOTT. Clerk. Offlce room 627,
Emma Epreckels building.
THE California Debris Commission having
received appllcaticn to mine by hydraulic;
process from George E. Waggoner and David
Upton In Telegraph mine, at Indian Dig-
gings. El Dorado County, Cal., draining into
Indian Diggings Creek, which reaches Co-
nurones River, gives notice that meeting will
be held at room 96. Flood building. San
Francisco, Cal., June 20, 1904. at 1:30 p. m.
AGENTS WANTED.
DO you want work? Ladles or gentlemen; no
canvassing or soliciting; no time from regu-
lar occupation: no one need know you are
xny representative; no money, outfit or ex-
perience needed; easy, permanent, honorable,
profitable work" can be done home; for In-
formation, address J. W. KIDD, &02S Baltos
block. Fort Wayne, Ind.
AGENTS wanted; can make $4 to $6 per day.
The flea defeated at last. Dr. Lents, the
German chemist, has discovered a harmless
ana odorless vegetable compound that does
banish the flea. By mall only 60c. Address
DR. LENTZ. San Diego, Cal.
TWO experienced acents wanted for the best
selling book ever published; sells to' business
men and farmers; active man can make $5
per day and expenses. Apply to-day from
1:30 to 6 p. m. at room 21. The Graystone,
66 Geary tt. ¦'
$5 to $10 DAILY — Wanted bright women agents
to travel and appoint local agents; salary
* and com.; something wanted by all women.
KorecUv. €26, 85 Randolph St., Chicago.
AGENTS are making $3 to $8 dally selling our
patented "New Idea"' shears, cutlery and
kitchen specialties; goods guaranteed. U. S.
. CUTLERY CO., Fremont, Ohio.
BRAND new Idea; no capital required; $15.
)2O week; no fake agency scheme; red stamp
brings particulars. The Peristyle Co.. 630
Goldei- Gate ave., San • Francisco.
WE want a number of live canvassers at once;
liberal contracts with men who can do busi-
ness. Apply at lull Fillmore st. and 300
Post st. White Sewing Machine Co.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that is
a decided improvement on building and loan
Is worth having. Great Western ' Improve-
ment Company. Parrott building.
WE want 2 experienced canvassers at once;
city and country; new goods :• liberal terms.
The Oatlne Co., 121 Geary st.. room 721.
12 AGENTS for Foresters' Carnival- big money
for bustlers. Call 1812 Market St., room 23,
from 3 to 3 p. m.
LADIES who have spare. time and desire to
employ came profitably address box 2044, Call
THOMAS Automobile for sale, $930; statin*
capacity 6 people. Box 728. Call offlce.
SNAP— Locomobile runabout $150; investigate.
Call C75 Thirty-sixth St.. Oakland.
: DOS-A-DO8 In good running order for sale.
j Address box 654, Oil offlce.
WHITE Stanhcpe Automobile for sale. Box
180. Call office.
FOR sale— Automobile (steam). Box 633, Call
offlce. -
ASTgMA JEMCTT.
I A > Dl Nola's Asthma Remedy relieves lnstant-
| ly: 10c. 23c. 60c. 1602 Market. St. Nicholas.
BOARD1KG FOR CHILDREN.
TO board a child; good references; mother's
care; good location. Call 310 Fifth ave.,
Richmond.
CO17FLE would like to board child; good care;
; reasonable. Address Call branch, 1941 Mls-
I slon ct.
i GOOD home for child or infant; best refer-
I ences given. Mrs. M. Pohley, Sonoma, Cal.
; WANTED — By an experienced woman, an ln-
i fant to board. Inquire at 212 Seventh st.
! CHILDREN roomed and boarded. 690 Stanyan
j street.
! FRENCH boarding for children. MRS.
GUNTY. 663 Pine st.
BL'SIMJSS CHAXCES.
i A— $G0O; YOUNG and active man wanted to
- run grill room In* one of the finest barrooms
in this city; no rent to pay; references want-
ed. See R. O. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A $1100 CORNER grocery and bar on choicest
location of Devlsadero st. must be sold at
once, on account of death In family; lease:
rent $37 50; a splendid and rare chance. See
R. G. WILKE. 2tt& Kearny st.
A — $2250; CORNER caloon on Montgomery St.;
estab. many years; rent $»5; lease; a good-
paying place and weil advertised. Call R.
G. WILKE. 2«Hfr Kearny Bt.
A— $2200; ROADHOUSE! Roadhouse! Road-
house! With 13 furn. rooms; rent $40; lease;
a flrst-class paying resort. See R. G. WILKE,
26H Kearny st.
A— $S00; CORNER saloon; rent $20; a splendid
location In the Mission; place doing a busi-
ness of about $15 per day. R. G. WILKE,
20 Kearny st. • '
j A— $500; SALOON, vicinity Third and Bran-
nan sts.; established years; rent $40. Call
; R. G. WILKE. U6V6 1 Kearny St.
A— $1500; SALOON in wholesale district; vi-
cinity of Hatuoroe st. ; ' place established 20
years; doing a good business; rent $50. See
R. G. WILKE. 20% Keearny st.
A— $3500; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery St., vicinity of
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
¦ count of ill health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
! A— $450; BARBER shop; 3 chairs; best location
; In the Mission; rent $15. See It. G. WILKE,
1 26 U Kearny st.
i ¦
I A $3000 HOTEL In San Rafael; 21 rooms bar
j parlor and dining room; a well established
place; good furniture and a bargain. Call
R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny St.
A — $700; RESTAURANT opposite Golden Gate
Park; rent $25; good business; clearing about
$150 pt month. See R. G. WILKE, 28ft
Kearnr st.
| A— $2500; SALOON; choicest location on Mar-
ket st.; low rent; good lease; elegant fix-
tures and a first-class paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny tt.
A— $230; BOTTLE beer route; well established.
Bee R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $2700; CORNER saloon on Market st.. In-
cluding 7 rooms; rent $100; return rents $80;
lease; a flrst-class location and well estab-
plished place. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kear-
ny st.
A— $600— CHOPHOUBE and coffee saloon, opp.
cable house; place estab. years, with steady
" and transient customers; owner clears about
$175 per month. See R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A— DRUGSTORE — drugstore — drugstore; price
$4500: established 27 years; lease 6 years;
rent $00; tine of the best paying stored in this
city; own.r to retire. Call R. <J. WILKE,
26% Kearny rt. i
A— $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 3*
rooms, kitchen and dining-room. 87 beds.
gocd furniture, lease, place paying well. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2500; DAIRY depot and route; dally sales
60 cans: 8 horses. 4 wagons, etc.; most pri-
vate customers; business kept by owner 19
years; a good-peylng Investment. Call K. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny St.
A— $2P00; SALOON, vicinity Market, Ellis and
Stockton sts.; rent $150; lease; place estab-
lished years: flrst-class business. Call K. U.
WILKE. 2(5% Kearny st.
BERG. ARMSTRONG & CO.. phone red 4S45.—
Headquarters fcr saloons, hotels, lodging-
houses, furnished flats, bakeries, barber
shops, delicatessen. 318 Kearny st.
$1100 — FINE saloon; no more, no less; 3 years'
lease; rent $50; can sublet for $53; 10 rooms;
lnVentcries more than price. BERG ARM-
STRONG CO.. 318 Kearny st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED cash business; will stand
Investigation; receipts over $1000 per month;
net profits over $250; only $3000 required.
Exclusively Berg, Armstrong Co., 318 Kearny.
SPLENDID BUSINESS OPENING.
CHANCE TO BE YOUR OWN BOSS. *
LEARN THE REAL ESTATE BUSINESS.
Start In for yourself; only $27 capital re-
quired. We teach you the business, appoint
you our special representative, furnish large
list of salable property, co-operate with and as-
nlet you to earn from $3000 to $5000 annually.
Write for particulars. HARRY W. CROSS &
CO., 204 Tacoma bldg., Chicago.
A NEAT little coffee parlor near Market and
4th sts.; owner has other business; will sell
this on easy payments to a responsible
party; If you are looking for a good honest
¦ Investment don't, fall to answer this, great
chance for man and wife; place clearing $200
per month; trial given If you mean business;
no agents. Box 2602, Coll offlce.
BUTCHEP. shop* clearing $100 per month must
be sold at a sacrifice; owner going East. H.
G. MEHRTENS. Railroad ave. and Webster
St., Alameda. ' ,
RESTAURANT worth $280 will be sold for
$100. H. 8. MEHRTENS. Railroad ave. and
Webster at.. Alameda.
MANUFACTURING house In Los Angeles
wants thoroughly competent man to manage
Ban Francisco branch; salary $100; Invest-
ment of $3000 required. - Address F. H.
CLEMKNCE. 1939 East First St.. Los An-
geles. Cal.
HOTEL. 62 rooms and bar; modern; lease;
rent $150; new house and good business. Box
636. Call offlce.
$2S00 — A BIG sacrifice; the best paying restau-
rant In Sacramepto; receipts $100 a day; long
lease. P. O. box 158, Sacramento, Cal.
CIGAR stand to rent. Apply 43Fourth st'.
FOR sale — Dairy and delicacy store, with liv-
ing rooms; must sell. Apply 379 Hayes st.
$800 WILL buy half Interest In good paying
• bakery; receipts $50 day. Box 639, "Call offlce.
$400— NEWSPAPER and Job plant; priced to
go quick; $150 required. 3232 Mission st.
MILLINERY business for sale; a bargain. Call
or addresa 2213 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
SALOON license wanted. 101% O'Farrell st.
FOR sale— The Union Hotel; manufacturing
town. . Benlcla. Calif. . •
FRENCH liquor store for sale. 021 Valencia
street.THE SAN FRANCISCO' CALL,: SUNDAY, JUNE 5, 1904.
45
i:'ll'l,nV\iE\T WAXTK1) KKM A I.B.
A COMPETENT woman, experienced laun-
dress end housecloanrr. wants work at $1
by the day; references. Box 2505. Call office.
COMPKTKNT. willing woman wants work by
the day. wa^hinc irvnlng, cleaning; $1 50 j»er
Cay. <1 Eleventh 6t.
AN experienced and comjietent correspondent
desires lotltion. Kcx 434. CaU.
AN experienced and competent bookkeeper de-
s'.re» r>erra*n"nt p^Jtlon. Box 4'.»2, Call.
OIRL, 17. warts position as copyholder. Box
404. OaU nfflce.
YOl'NG lady desires position as nurse; ref-
ereaprs. A. J.. M4 Goiden Gate are.
WOMAN wculd Uk* work by the day. Apply
at -2-J1 st
A WOMAN wants work by the day. washing.
Ironing and hcus»-cleanlng; $1 25 a day and
rsr tare. Box UZt. Call.
GITIL. 17. wants position as copyholder. Box
ICO, 10t,S Market St.
WOMAN wants «>w:ns by the day; $2 and
carfare. Box 50ti. Call.
GIRL, wifhep position to do oecond work; best
of references. Box 5C9. Call.
WANTED — Plain sewing to do at home. 2031
Tclk *t.
V'ANTKD— Position as window-cleaner. Box
540. CaU offlce.
VOfNG girl wishes position to learn millinery
trade. 114 Alta ft.
A COLORED woman wants half-day's work;
$4 « week. Call 1137 Paolflc st.
A YOUNG colored girl wants light housework;
call Monday. 112$ Pacific st.
AN ofd lady wants position to mind children.
Bos* 517. Call.
A TOl*NO lady wishes position as housekeeper.
Box SIC. Call.
A YOl'NG woman wants house-cleaning, also
_ »iridows; $1 50 day. Box 515. Call.
MENDING «o do at home. Box 49S. Call.
CTRL wants ixwiticn in Ftore. Hex 202. luoS
Market st.
GOOD upstairs *rlrl wishes poritlon. Box 100.
-, IOCS Market St.
LADY wants washing by the <lay. Box 49,
IOCS Market st
COOD ranch or>ok wants cookinr for nun in
country. 321 Mason St.; j.hone Black 2.'atO.
FTRONG woman wishes day work, house aud
window ckar.mg. Box S75 Oa!l offlce.
"WANTED— Sewing by the day. Bcx 525, Call
office.
GERMAN woman will take washing home.
1126 Elm ave.
A LITTLE girl wishes a place to take care of
baby. 413 Gr^eh et.
WANTED — A situation as cook and laundress.
Box 2V16. Call offii-e.
FOURTH, is.4 — Comj>etent woman wishes posi-
tion as .::..:.:» curse.
WANTKD — Position as chambermaid. Address
box 2'1KJ. Call office.
REFXKED woman wants work as lunch wait-
r«w. Cox tOO, Call offlce.
VOfNG »rirl wishes a eltuattcn. Box 2020,
Call office.
WANTED— L'TfSFmaklng or Dlaln sewine at
home or by the day. Phone 1324 Scott.
YOUNG irlrl wants position as child's nurse.
Box LSI. Call offlce.
A YOl'NG woman wants work by the day.
Phone Ecott IS24.
TOCKG girl would like to do light housework.
VJC^g Fourth et.
WANTED— Po«:tion in country store. Box
582. ftn.
WANTED — Positicn as housekeeper. Box 582
Call of nee.
WANTED— Position ae cook. Box £82. Call
of fie*-.
WANTED— Situation ss clerk with responsi-
ble house. Box 20oO, Call offlce.
MAN and wife desire situations in dining-room
at Crrt-class summer resort. Box 2061, Call.
EMPLO VMEXT WAXTED — MALE. j
MAN- experienced In massage and bath treat- j
ments desires a position with doctor or lnsti- 1
tutlon. Box 502, Call offlce. - j
BARBKR, first class, wants steady position: '
n» objection to leaving city. Address box ,
r>05. Call offlce. I
TO work tvcnlr.gs: stenography, typewriting,
editing and revlelng manuscript; university
man. Box 488. Call office.
POSITION wanted by middle-aged man as
night watchman; wholesale house; reference.
Address B. HESS, 2504 Fulton st._ j
FIRST-CLASS chef desires position as chef or
manager; hotel or restaurant; city. Box
T><^. Call offlce.
ELECTRICIAN dei-ires position; experienced; !
hotel or office building; good repairman. Box '
495. Call offlce. |
GOOD cook and first-class baker, on a ranch !
or small hotel; wages $30 to $35. Address
H. LEVY- 718 Greenwich st.
STENOGRAPHER, first-class, experienced of- j
flee man. wants position: Al references. Ad-
dreyg box 583. Call office. ; j
YOUNG couple, thoroughly reliable, references, I
would like house to care for during owner's 1
absence. Box 2010, Call offlce. j
A FIRST-CLASS meat and pastry cook wishes
position In private boarding house. Box 1
2014. Call offlce. j
GARDENER (Dane) wants situation; best of
references. Address FRED THOMSEN. San
Mateo, Cal.
¦WANTED — Position as onranlst: have had 3
yt-ars" exi>erlencr ; thoroughly competent;^ no
country' engaeement desired. Box 2042. Call.
BOOKKEEPER wants position; good refer- j
ences; will begin at $50, with chance to ;
work up. Box 2095, Call offlce. J
BRIGHT boy of 17 wishes to work in whole-
sale house or learn the shirt cutting trade;
can furnish best of ref. Box 202S, Call.
POSITION wanted as teamster; two horse rig;
city or couatry: understands care and driv-
ing of horses. Box 2030, Call offlce.
YOl'NG man wants a situation on a ranch;
willing to work for reasonable wages.' Box
a.K'2 Call offlce.
ACTIVE man. middle-age, sober, trustworthy,
wants work: Is all-round handy man; wages
$20. Box 2322, Call.
A POSITION wanted by a young man of 28 as
porter In wholesale house; best of references.
Box 25?1. Call.
SITUATION wanted as Janitor; thoroughly ex-
perienced: understands all kinds of heating;
at present employed. Box 2520, Call.
A GOOD all-round painter and decorator will j
work reasonable; tools furnished. Box 2059, I
Call offlce.
YOUNG German (2 years In this State) wants
employment during evening hours; knows J
bookkt-cplng and typewriting. Box 251S, Call. .
WANTED — Position as coachman, private j
family; city preferred. Address G. H., 1321 ;
Pierce st.
BARBER, steady young man. wants position j
in first-class shop; city or country Box I
7462, Call.
BARBER, flrst-class masseur, wants Job at
summer resort; can tend bar. Box 30, 106
Eleventh st.
CAPABLE, experienced man as Janitor or sup-
erintendent; references and bonds. Address
Call Branch offlce, 10<5 Eleventh st.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind; good
plover. Box* 120. 1008 Market st.
POSITION wanted as collector by ycung man;
references and experience. 1272 Seventh St.,
Oakland.
MAN wants work by the day. Address 42 I
Shotweil st.
WANTED — Situation as man about place. Box ;
2C97. Call.
YOUNG man wants situation as day Janitor. I
Addrees box 2064. Call. a
YOUNG man wants a job to drive expreesj
V wagon; union. Address box 2063, Call.
YOUNG man wishes situation in store. 125
Taylor ft.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — MAI.B. j
MIDDLE-AGED man, -handy with horses and
tools, wants light work: no milking; $10 per'
month If good home. H. W.. 241 Natoma st.
BOY. 14 years.- wishes steady Job. Address
313C Pierce street.
YOUNG man wishes position as painter. Box
2019. Call offlce. |
, 1 1
PORTER, hotel or cafe; sober man; references; .
city. Box 20C8. Call office.
WANTED— A position . In a store as clerk.
Address box 2011, Call office.
CELLARMAN, competent, sober man, best
references, wants situation. Box 505. Call.
YOUNG Japanese wants a position to do house-
work. 027 Dupont st.
ALL-AROUND bookbinder wishes steady posl-
tlcn for $12 a week. Box 2015. Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED, all around cook In hotel,
camp or Institution. Box 2004. Call offlce.
AN experienced Japanese gardener wants a 1
. position. D. S.. 319 Devlsadcro nt. |
POSITION as night watchman! Box 573, Call i
offlce.
MAN wants work on a farm. Box 2045, Call '
offlce.
ELEVATOR operator wants employment. G.
HOLMES. 7C3 Valencia st.
WANTED — Position ».s stockkeeper; best of
references. Box 2047. Call office.
BOY wishes work in machine shop. Box 2051,
_CalL.
WANTED — Position In the country by steady,
sober man. Box 2048, Call.
WANT position as butler. Box 2000, Call.
ROUGH carpenter (union) wishes situation.
FRANK BERG. 31 Oak St.. city.
BRIGHT young man desires work at dent Wry.
Address box 2088, Call office.
PAINTER and paperhanger with, tools wants
work. 36 Mary st.
CARPENTER, non-union, can plan building,
wants work. Box 2052, Call offlce.
CARPENTER wants work, city or country;
finishing or rough. Box 2029 Call offlce.
ELECTRICAL machinist wants position. Box
724, Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted as waiter or omnibus In
dining-room. Box 3032, Call offlce.
AN upholsterer wants work. 345 Elm ave. '
ERRRaND boy wishes a situation. 226 Bart-
lett st.
SITUATION wanted as bookkeeper. Address
H. X., Alameda. Cal. »
»
CLERK wants work. Box 2517. Call.
AN experienced upholsterer wants work. Box
2516. Call.
PRESSER wants a position. Box 2515. Call
offlce. ¦_
BOY wants position In offlce. Box 2514. Call
offlce.
FIRST-CLASS carpenter wants inside finish-
ing. Address 469 Minna St.
MACHINIST and engineer, middle age, well
posted In building, repairing and running of
up-to-date woodworking machinery, wishes
employment with large factory or sawmill.
Box 478. Call.
A SITUATION wanted In private place by a
first-class horseman and driver (aged 27),
city or suburbs; attend gardens, etc.; thor-
oughly competent In- every respect; excellent
references. Box 507, Call offlce. ¦ I
YOUNG man wishes a position as painter.
E. C, 810 Turk st.
ENGINEER wants position In city or country;
married and best of references. Box 463. Call.
A TEMPERANCE coachman, gardener, can
milk, desires work, private family; good ref-
erences If required; state wages. 120A Eddy
St.. room 7.
DRAFTSMAN, young: Norwegian, with good
education, 6 years' experience, would like to
show his references to interested parties with
a view to getting a position. Box 531, Call.
SINGLE middle-aged American, cook and gen-
eral helo. small famllv: Alameda or subur-
A FINMi-H girl wishes position to do general
houi^work. Call Monday. 327 Vi Third st.
YOL'NG weman wants work by the day. 1517 H
Leavenworth «t.
PLAIN sji sMm by the day. MRS. NEALING.
Vox 2u5e>. Call office.
¦WOMAN takes washing home; open air dry.
Phone Fell IO41.
KIRST-cIatE laundress wishes laundering to do
at home. Box 2*^57. Call offlce.
WOMAN war.ts work by the day; housework,
cooking, cleaning, etc. 577>4 Natoma st.
GERMAN girl wants general housework. 627
Stevenson *t. •
BHIGHT. active saleswoman wishes position.
Bcx 2053. Call offlce.
V.OMAN wants work by the day. Call 72
Ninth st.
WANTED — Washing by the day. 105 Eleventh
street.
VLAIN washing; towels. C29 Howard st., city.
LAUNDRESS with references wishes situation
in boarding-house. 1718 LAguna st.
MILLINERY to order cheap. 407 Van Ness
ave.
YOUNG nonua wants situation; care of chlid;
references; city preferred. A. S., 1505 Polk st.
WANTED — A position as advertising solicitor.
Address 217 Lfavenwerth st., room 26.
A COLORED woman wishes work by the day.
Call or write MRS. DENNIS. 1022 Jackson st.
LADY wants to do housework. Address 1295
Folscm *t.
COMPETENT woman, cood cook, would like
housework; city or country. Apply 1411
Baker st.
YGUNG lady would like position for 2 weeks
or permanently; would prefer to act as second
asclstar.t: $7 per week. Box 51S, Call.
AN elderly lady would like position to do plain
housework. 76 Tilden St., corner Fifteenth.
GIRL wants a position to do second work.
4322 Mission St.; phone Capp 218. .
BEWING by the day: K<*A fitter; shirt waist
suits made in a day; t'i a day. 36A Eighth.
JAPANESE schoolgirl wishes position In small
family. Address M-. S53 Geary st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church «t».
WANT ads az>4 subscriptions taken for Th*
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st
EMPLOVMEXT WASTED— HALU.
A YOUNG man who knows where there Is
good hunting and fishing grounds, cool and
;.'i"r.t a good r'.ace for solitude; on a
nice lake, with plenty of flsh and same, 10
—ui's from the railroad would like to act as 1
guide. Address box 20C2, Call offlce.
ENERGETIC, quick, reliable man desires po-
sition as stTKxrrspher and typewriter; ex-
t>.T:enced correspondence clerk; can also as- ;
slst in office work; small salary to start I
with. Address bcx 120C. Call, Oakland.
YOL'NG man wants position as store porter,
yardman, etc.; anxious to get into an tm-
1-lovment m-hf-re there is room Xor better- !
raent; scber, reliable, references. Intelligent !
and quick. Box 2100. Call office. ;
FHYSIC1AN and eurgeon, German, stranger
here. 20 years hospital and practical ex-
perience, desires engagements for lodges and
societies, or any honorable employment. Box
¦ 2C86. Call. 1
MECHANICAL draughtsman, rood designer
and detailer. 16 years experience mining,
stationary, marine, wants position or work
tt home Box 2CS4. Call.
A YOUNG colored man would like a place In
private family as coachman or would like a
place as Janitor; can give the beet of refer-
ences. Bcx 2007, Call offlce.
DRAUGHTSMAN, mechanical! first class. 7 .
years' «xp*rlenee. b«rt detaller.' competent
checker, wants position In any line In en- I
gineering. Box 556, Call. :
A- TOCICG m*n would like position as assist- :
ant clerk In a wholesale house; can make
himself cencraUy useful. Address A. B. C !
box 545. Call office. t
TOUNG man <2C). has served two years at ma-
chinist trade, desires work at anything with
fhancrs of advancement. Address V. B.. 1
.":'-» U Seventh »t. . 1
I
AN en*rret!c and capable clerk. salr«man. Al I
' bookkeeper, thoroughly experienced, steady !
habitt desires permanent employment. Box
£7*. Call offlce. 1
VAN and wife want to take charge of an j
• apartment- house or hotel; city or country;
pood references as to reliability. Box 5ti5, '
. Cat! office. I ¦ j
ETEADY man wants position In wholesale ;
house. :00 Eleventh St. j
, i . — j
WANTED— EtaUe work. 808 Dujxmt rt. 1
GOOD camp cook wants work. GEO. FARGO,
167 Tehama st.
' POSITION as bartender, by 1 reliable young
. man. GEO. McDONALD, 100 Eleventh st.
YOUNG man. 18 year* old. wants any kind of
position. 1519 Mission st.
STEAMFITTER wants steady work. Apply
I 1309 Larkln St. ,
SALOON porter wants work. JAMES HAR-
RIS. 744 Howard tt. * '
POSITION wanted by flmt-class bartender in
summer resort. Box 08. 100S Market st.
BARTENDER wishes position in city or coun-
try. Box 99. 1008 Market st.
( POSITION as hotel porter. Address box 101.
100S Market st.
! FIRST-CLASS bookbinder "wants - position.
Bookbinder, box 100, IOCS Market et.
1 YOUNG man wishes position as porter In hotel.
Box 508. Call office.
' WANTED — Work as watchman. Box 479, Call
' efflce.
WANTED — Position as clerk. Box 481, Call
offlce.
WILLING man wants position as gardener.
Box 483, Call office.
MAN wants position as porter. Box 482, Call
offlce.
BOY wants position In offlce. Box 474, Call
office.
AN experienced ttoc-k boy wants a position.
Box 476, Call offlce.
WANTED — Light employment of any kind.
Apply ROBERT CHRISTIE. 30 Post St.
ENGINEER want* position; steam or gas and
.gasoline engines. Box 724, Call offlce.
WANTED — Position as window-cleaner. Ad-
, dregs box 3743. Call offlce.
POSITION as barber. Box 456. Call office.
ENGINEER: stationary, refrigerating and all-
nnind. wants Hltuatlon. Box 460, Call offlce.
YOUNG man wishes position as piano player.
H. L.. 810 Turk «t.
HANDY man wants work. JAMES HARRIS*.
744 Howard et.
A BOY wants position In an office or store.
Inquire at 132G Eddy st.
WANTED — Position as coachman. Box 188
1008 Market at. ~^
SITUATION wanted by strong boy. Box 199*
1008 Market st ¦
MUSICIAN wants position during Knight
Templar conclave. Box 189. 100S Market st.
WANTKD — Position as scissors grinder. Box
728, IOCS Market st.
WANTED — Barkeeper wants situation. 13%
Dp Lone ave.
WANTED— Position as clerk. Apply ROBERT
CHRISTIE. 30 Post st.
JOB as hostler. Address A., box 561, Call.
CLOTHING man wants position. Box 511, Call
office. *
MAN wants work by the day. 630 Silver st
WANTED — A position as porter. Apply to B.
FORD, 332 Twelfth st
A BOY wants a position as errand boy. Box
513. Call offlce.
CASH boy wants position. .Address FRED
MORRISON, box 496. Call.
BOY. 10 years of age, reliable, wants position
as 'office boy. Address A. H.. box 520, Call.
ERRAND boy wants a position. Box 533. Call.
A BOY axed 16 would like to learn the plumb-
Ing trade Box 4H7.' Call. ", •
A FIRST-CLASS tool and die maker wants a
steady position. Address O. P.. box S24, CaU.
WANTED — Light employment of; any kind.
HARRY MULLER, 529 Bush St.
WANTED— A position as floorwalker. Box 547.
Call offlce. .. '
MECHANICAL drawings and tracings flnlshed
at home. Address box 537, Call Offlce.
MAN wants a Job in wholesale house. Box
514. Call office. ¦ '¦¦
WANTED— A position as barkeeper. 8. WOLF,
3ft Fourth st. . ¦
A YOUNG man wishes to take care of waist
stock. Box 632. Call offlce. •>
DR'JG relief clerk has few evenings open;
Address box 541. Call office.' •¦ '
CLERK wants a position! Box 2038. Call
office.
WANTED— Work as porter. JAMES HARRIS*
744 Howard st.
POSITNON as porter, either hotel or lodging
house. T. VV. DAY. 500 Bush st.
PORTER In cafe; sober man; city; $25 and
board. Box 2036, Call office. - •
RELIABLE yard and tally man (married)
wants work at once. Address box 2023, Call,
ban; no horses. Address box 538, Call.
A YOUNG man having a few idle hours in the
day would like light work of some kind.
44SH Natoma st. middle flat
STRONG boy, 18. .wishes position to drtve a
team. Box 519. Call office.
RELIABLE general caretaker and gardener
(German) wants position; private place; best
of references. Box -465. Call. , "
POSITION wanted by experienced man as foot-
man; thoroughly understand* care of horses;
.private tamlly. Box 4C8. CaU.
RUSTLER desires situation as outside sales-
man or collector; salary or commission. Bo*
500. Call offlce.
JAPANESE, flrst-class waiter and housework,
wants position in family; ha« good experi-
ence. H. Y.. 10 Chelsea place, off Bush st.
JAPANESE boy . wants a position as school
boy. 1TO, 1544 Polk st
JAPANESE competent cook wants position as
schoolboy in small family. Box 2062, Call.
Painter, paper-hanger, signwrtter. wants work;
tools furn. 1272 Folsom st. ; phon* Mint 131.
FINANCIAL.
MINING, oll-industrlal stocks for sale— 10,000
San Callentano M. & S. tic. 500O Princess
Maude 4c. 50 Booklovers' Library $8 25. 5000
Elk Horn OH 8c. and hundreds of other sim-
ilar bargains. Write or wire COWPER-
THWAITE. Investment Broker, Stockton. ¦
IF you wish to invest in Oakland Crematory
stock, paying over 10 per cent dividends or
Realty Syndicate interest-bearing certifi-
cates that will pay you over 7 per cent, ap-
ply to W. E. BARNARD. 476 Tenth St.,
Oakland.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed In our free renting department; over 1000
In number; a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fall: service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO.,
! 1030 MARKET ST..
' OPPOSITE MCALLISTER, i
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordea Furniture Co., 245-259
Geary at, on the square.
VAN NESS ave., 631— Most elegant corner
flat in city to lease; private family only;
rent $85; open 11 a. m. to 4 p. m. Apply
on premises or to BALDWIN & HOWELL.
MASONIC ave.. 1317. near Waller — Cheapest,
sunnleet, up to date flat 7 large rooms and
bath: must be seen to be appreciated; reas-
onable to good tenant; open from 11 to 4.
24 NEW, sunny, artistically flnlshed flats of
4 and 6 rooms on Pacific, bet Taylor and
Jones sts.; rentu ranging from $18 to $26.
Von Rheln Real Estate Co., 513 California st.
CLAY, 8311, near Central ave — Lower sunny
flat of 5 rooms and bath; rent $27 60. VON
RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO.. 513 California.
SUITER. 2510. near Broderlck— Sunny upper
flat of 6 rooms and bath; rent $27 50. VON
RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO., 513 California.
VALENCIA, 1419, near Kith — Upper flat of 6
rooms and bath: rent $25. VON RHEIN
REAL ESTATE CO.. 513 California st
CENTRAL ave., «7, nr. Waller— Rent reduced;
sunny, upper up-to-date flat; 6 large rooms,
bath; must be teen to be appreciated. $30.
ELEGANT new sunny upper 9 rooms and bil-
liard hall; magnificent view of city; with or
without private stable. 930 Pierce st
BRODERICK, 1433 nr. Post— $30; 6-rpom flat
with 4 nice chambers iff attic; new porcelain
open plumbing; sun every rm. Tel. Scott 434.
NEW sunny 6-room flat; Union st, near Brod-
erlck; flne marine view; will decorate to suit
tenant. Apply 3153 Sutner st.
NINETEENTH and Castro sts., NW. cor.— Sun
.all day; upper flat; 7 rooms and bath;
• modern; $30. • •
NEW 6 and 7 room flats; sun all day; 1 block
north of Market st 1C7 to 165 Noe st near
Henry. ¦ '
NOE, 1054, car. Elisabeth— 5 sunny rooms;
new; yard, basement; convenient to Twenty-
fourth and Castro cars; reasonable.
A— PRETTILY furnished flat. Inquire 1805
. Eteiner st - . .
CLIPPER. 512%— Upper flat, 7 rooms and
bath; modern. Apply 512 Clipper st.
FELL, . 518— Upper 5 clean, sunny rooms and
basement; no bath, or gas; rent $18.
FIFTEENTH st. 2282Tbet. Noe and Castro—
Middle flat * rooms; $18. Apply on premises.
FIRST. 314— Flat 6 sunny rooms; rent $20.
GEARY. 2226 — Upper flat. 0 pleasant sunny
rooms. - * - ¦ ¦¦ - -
HAIOHT, 503— Sunny corner flat, 5 rooms and
bath; grand view; water free; $27 SO.
FLATS TO ' LBT— Continued. |
HARRISON, -2820,' near* 24th— 5 'sunny rooms,
bath, yard, cellar, stable, with rear entrance.
LAKE, 740-742— New flats, 0 rooms each; rent
$25-$30; flne view. '
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let Call
on LYON & HOAG. 110 Montgomery st
LAUREL ave.. 747, oft Buchanan, near Turk —
. Lower flat ¦* rooms; large yard; rent $11.
LOWER flat, 110 and 114, and upper flat lis
Peary st., near Third; water and ashes fref.
LOWER flat of 3 rooms, 1310V& Larkln. In-
quire 1320 Larkln st.
MCALLISTER, 1941— To let, 5 rooms and bath,
- partly furnished, or will sell; rent cheap.
OAK, 332. nr. Laguna— Lower nat, 5 rooms,
bath and , basement
SAN JOSE are., 227 — Modern flat 6 rooms,
bath; swellest location Mission warm belt.
SEVENTEENTH. 3091 • (Castro car) — Sun-
ny flat facing Market st; 6 rooms and bath.
STEINER. 1325. corner Ellis— Flat C rooms,
etc.; partially furnished; rent only $25. '•
UPPER flat of 7 rooms and bath to let; sun-
ny.and modern; rent $45. 136 Belvedere st.
UPPEP. flat, 3 connecting rooms, hall and
bath; low rent. 543C Frederick st
VALLEJO, 1C0S— 7 rooms: second story upper
flat: marine view; $35.
WALLER. 1311— House of 9 rooms; bllliard-
room; bath; heater; modern: $50. »
$35 — MODERN flat of 9 rooms. 1303V4 Waller
Et. near Masonic ave.
FLATS TO I.KT — KUKMSIIED.
$25 to $35 — The Lorenzo, 41 Octavla St.; re-
duced rites; well fumlehed; best lighted;
most conveniences; walking- distance, but 3
car lines If wanted; 3 and 4 room suites.
I WILL rent my furnished flat few months;
Western Addition; 7 rooms; sun every room
all oay: lime and price satisfactory. JULIEN
SMITH. 420 Montgomery st.
CAPP, 614 — Furnished 5-room flat; piano;
gas and coal stova. Call bet. 11 and 4.
ELLIS. 1116 — Furnished flat, 7 rooms and at-
tic; rent low; refs. Phone Stelner 242.
FOR rent—Furnished flat C rooms; near Pan-
handle; $35 per month. Box 534, Call offlce.
OAK. 118-1, panhandle — Flat. 4 rooms, or house
of 7 rooms, bath, phone, garden; $25 to $40.
NICELY furnished corner flat of 0 rooms and
bath; all sunny; rent $37 60. 735 Turk et.
SUNNY 5-room lower flat, $18. 4230A Twen-
tieth st.. near Castro.
NEW flat: 6 rooms; desirable location. Call at
727 Hyde st., near Post. 3 to 5 p. m.
BEAUTIFUL 4-roora flat completely fur. hse.-
kpng.; piano; no children; $25. 332 Hayes.
FLATS I'll II SALE— Klilt.MSHUU,
SEVEN-ROOM flat; new furniture; rent $40;
water free; sunlight all rooms; will sell this
week for $450; a sacrifice; w*rth $800. 1124
Fillmore st. ¦
FOR sale — 4-rm. fur. apartment; $150. Call bet.
1 and 5. room 507 Alnsworth, cor. Post&Polk
fXKAlltKK -Full SALH.
ANDERSON Auction House at 19 Turk St., nr.
Market, for furniture and everything for th»
house at lowest prices.
FOR rale — A fine large davenport, about new;
cost $85; will sell for one-half. Box 501, a Call.
FURNITUP.K for sale; $75 worth for $7 60
down and $1 50 per week. BRILLIANTS.
840 Post st near Powell.
FOR BALE — Reasonable, furniture of 8-room
flat: everything new- and clean; no dealers.
Box 643, Call offlce.
FURNITURE of 7 rooms for sale cheap; rent
$35. 1B7 Ninth st.
AN ' elegantly furnished flat of 5 rooms for
sale. Box 555. Call.
FOR SALE — Furniture for flve rooms In stor-
age at present. .Box 572. Call offlce.
FOR SALE — Furniture of a elx-room flat.
Box 184, Call offlce.
FURNITURE, stoves, bought, sold, exchanged.
Barger. 439 Valencia, nr.ieth.Tel.Church 3S79
FURNITURE of 6 rooms for sale. Box 540,
Call offlce. *
FURNITURE of 4 rooms for sal* cheap. 22
Fourteenth *t. • " m
FOR sale^ — 2 oak bedsteads; excellent springs;
bed lounge, etc; almost new. 408 Larkln.
CHEAPEST place in city for second-hand fur-
niture. 086 Geary st Tel. Polk 1477.
KCK.MTl.KK WAM'KU.
ABE LEVY!
Salesroom, 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furntture, carpets, offlce fur-
niture, etc., until you get his estimate.
CHAS. LEVY & CO. pay highest price for fur-
nlture.carpcts, etc. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 413.
HELf WANTED- FEMALE.
A COOK and second girl, same family, in coun-
try, $35 and $25; 10 waitresses for summer
resorts and country hotels, $25 each, fare
paid; a cook for summer resort, $35; a
woman (no objection to one child) for house-
work on a ranch, $15; four good necond girls,
$25 each; 20 housework girls for city and
country $3*>, $25 and $20. MISS PLUNKETT.
425 Sutter »t.. near Powell. -
"WANTED — Waitresses, cooks, second girls,
nurses, housemaids and many others too
numerous to advertise; best of wages, $20,
$25, $30 and' $35, for Monday morning. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st
ANDRE'S,- 317 Stockson st
3 waltrest.es for country hotel. $25, fare ad-
' vanced; 4 waitresses for flrst-class springs,
$25; chambermaid for hot springs, $25. etc.
WOMEN nnd girls to register for season's
work beginning middle June, lasting July,
August. September; preparing and canning
fruit. Apply offlce CALIFORNIA CANNER-
IES COMPANY, 125 California st, city,.
or factory, Brannan st, between Third and
Fourth.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn hairdresslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
•West 233 Geary St., room 13.
LADIES wanted everywhere copying letters at
home spare time, and return them to us; no
mailing or canvassing; good pay no mate-
rials to buy. Send reply envelope for particu-
lars and wages we pay. Guarantee Com-
pany. Dept S 4, Philadelphia, Pa.
A— Girl to learn millinery now for spring sea-
, ccn; both seasons taught from start to finish
* in 1 month for $13; positions as trimmers.
salesladles.etc., guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
nay and evening class. 143 Stockton st, r. 13.
A— LADIES, learn all branches hatrdressing
trade, manicuring, massage, etc.; positions
secured at highest wages; day and eve. class-
es; thor. system. Removed to 133 Powell st.
LADIES make mopey at home; $2 per day
easily; send 25c silver If you mean- business;
remittance refunded on first day's work.
SHELLEY CO., 315 West Second st, Los
Angeles, Cal.
HOUSEKEEPER and manager wanted In pri-
vate house: French or German only; must
be a cood ¦ sewer and mender and have ex.
¦ cellent reference; $40. Box 558, Call offlce.
WANTED — Hustlers of good address; big in-
ducements for right parties. Success Gen-
eral Agency, 37 Dorland st. bet 17th A 18th.
LADIES — To do piecework at their homes; we
furnish all materials and pay from $7 to $12
' weekly. Send stamped envelope to ROYAL
' CO.. 34 E. Monroe St., Chicago.
A— GIRL to take care of stock in manu-
facturinj; department of I. MAGNIN & CO.,
650 Mission St.. third floor.
YGUNG lady as housekeeper In small private
family; member of Methodist society and
musician preferred. Box 2013. Call offlce.
WHOLESALE house desires services of ma-
ture woman,, intelligent and with business
. experience; no offlce work. Box 20S9, Call.
WANTED-^Experlenced girl for candy store;
no other need apply; wages $10 to $10. MA-
SON'S Candy Store._Berkeley. >,
WANTED— Experienced salesladies In veiling
and ribbon department - Call at STRAUSS
* FROHMAN. 107 Post st
WANTED— Experienced - manicurist and' hair-
dreiiser. Apply superintendent's offlce, the
-Emporium. 1 ,,' - . ', -,
YOUNG lady for office; must write good hand;
no . previous experience " necessary. Apply
superintendent's offlce, .the Emporium.
WANTED — Apprentices to learn halrdresslng
and manicuring; paid while learning. : Apply
between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS'.
WANTED-=-Wholesome, Intelligent lady, over
25, of character, to train for high grade po-
sltlon. Box 2093. Call. -
COMPETENT ' young woman for . infant at
- night and assist during day; references. Call
inorT.lnts. 3370 Clay at .,,
HKIP UMVTKI1 — VW M.V.— Con. J
A-^OPERATORS on ladles' Waists; good pay.
' 056 Mission St.. third floor. .
A — OPERATORS on ladies' underwear. 656
. Mission st.. third floor.
WANTED — A good saleswoman. Apply Tues-
day. 9 to 12. 242 Post st.
WANTED — Girl for second work; three In
family; call Monday. 1192 O'Farrell st
YOUNG lady compositor with experience. Ap-
ply . 320 Sansome st. room 60. ,
FIRST-class operators, also finishers on vests;
: wages no object 230Vi 9th st, op. Clementina
A NEAT young girl to assist In housework; 3
in family. Apply 217 Third ave., Richmond.
LADY solicitors; no expert. > neces. ; profitable,
pleasant employment. Room 409 'Grant bid.
PANTS finishers; steady work. 245 Seventh
street. . • ,'
HELPER on ' dressmaking, well paid; also ap-
prentice. 135 Geary st. room 120.
TEN good cooks and general housework girls;
.w-ages $30. CATTELLS. 525 8th St.. Oakland.
YOUNG girl to assist; good home; small wages.
3015 Laguna Et.
WANTED — Young lady to attend offlce: state
age, and experience If any. Box 2504, Call.
WANTED— Girl for general housework. 1000
Mission st.
WOMAN for general housework; good salary
to right person. 9C8 Ellis st.
EXPERIENCED salesladies' In laces and em-
broideries. JOE ROSENBERG. 816 Market.
WANTED — Young lady experienced In bock-
* keeping. NATHAN-DOHRMANN COM-
. PA NY. 124 Sutter st.
WANTED — Girl to assist housework; plain
cooking; 4 in family; good home; wages $13.
Call forenoons, 251 Scott st
WANTED — Experienced saleswomen. Apply
between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS'.
RELIABLE person to care for home during
owner's absence; references. Box 522, Call.
WANTED — Girl for second work and waiting;
wages $25. Apply 4U9 Ellis st.
TWO lady canvassers at once; new goods; lib-
eral terms; city and country. The Oatlne
; Co., 121 Geary st., room 721.
FIRST-CLASS hairdressers and manicurers
wanted. Apply at COSGROVE'S. 110 Geary.
A PROFITABLE outing; pick hops In August.
Write E. Clemens Horat. 122 Battery st.S.F.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has beea
opened at 100S Marktt st.' opposite Fifth.
Otw. until 11 p. m. ¦
HELP WANTED HALO.
At THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
14 Third st, near Call bldg.; phone Bush 405
State of Nevada, cheap fare; refunded.
United States Government work.
25 teamsters, $67 50 a month.
15 laborers. $60 a month.
50 drillers, rockmen, hammersmen, $75 mo.
SAWMILL CREW.
Gang edgerman. $3 75 day.
Screw turner, $55 month and board.
Board puller, $45 a month and board. .
2 tall edgermen, $40 a month and board.
2 second trlmmermen. $40 and board.
1 offbearer. $40 and board.
6 section men, sawmill; $35 and board.
10 lumber pliers, $35 and board.
1<> woodsmen, $35 -to $60 and board.
2 wheel teamsters, $05 a month.
8 men for rock quarry, $2 25 day.
10 Italian quarrymen, $2 25 a day.
8 woodchoppers. pine, '$125 cord.
10 laborers. 8 hours, near city, $60.
4 haymakers, $1 50 a day and board.
¦i single hand miners, $3 a day.
'S muckers. $2 60 a day.
\ CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 14 3d st
" AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY.
95 THIRD ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 5521.
ARIZONA. ARIZONA. ARIZONA.
Fare $4 65: railroad work.
Teamsters. $1': lone job.
Driver for milk wagon, city, $75.
Driver for bottled beer wagon.
Man to run road grader, $2 50.
Cook, city. $60 and found.
Muckers, tunnel $2, free fare.
Milkers. $30 and found.
Tunnelmen, Cal.. $2 50 to $2 75: free fare.
Woodsmen, north. $40 and found. " • .
Laborers, $2 to $2 25, air over State. ».,
Ranch hands, $1,25 and found., .•
Sticker hand. $4. near city.
Teamsters, all over State. $2 to $2 25.
HORD A SMITH.
TIMBER feller, $60 and board; tallyman and,
lumber sorter. $50 and board; logway man.
$35 and board; machine men for. sash and
door factory, $3 to $3 50 day; woodturner,
$3 50 day: band sawyer and shaper hand;
brick burner. $2 50 day; laborers for Bash
and door factory: 3 blacksmiths $2 50 day
and board and $3 day; milkers, $30. $.15 and
$40 and board; farmers. $30 and $1 50 day;
farmer and wife, |50 and board; young man
to drive milk wagon, country, $35 and board;
cooks waiters, elevator boys and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 623 Sacramento st.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
Phone Main 1191. 638 Commercial st.
F. W. OUNN. Near Kearny.
10 muckers, south. $60, Al mine.
Santa Fe Company's own work; ship dally.
Free Fare in California.
20 men. electric R. R. work, free fare.
25 laborers, 8 hours' work, near city, $60.
Carpenter for mine. $90, south, steady place.
Bee our ads In Monday's papers. Jobs for all.
Office open to-day, 10 to 12 noon. "
CONTRACTORS' EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
G35 Washington st. Phone James 3301.
Laborers and teamsters. Nevada, U. S. Gov-
ernment work, 8 hours' work.. $2 to $2 50 day;
20 teamsters, new R. R. work, $2. free fare;
laborers near city, $2 day, cheap fare; milkers,
$35 and found; edgerman, $70 month, cheap
fare; 4- marble polishers, city, $2 50 day; six
boys, factory work, $1 25- to $1 00 day; brick-
layer, near city. $6 day; plumber, $0 day,
free fare. I* H. CUTTING CO.
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
C02 Clay st. . Phone James 2476.
Nevada — Government Work — Nevada..
Teamsters, Laborers. Tunnelmen.
Woodworker, country , $3 50 day
Sash and door men $3 day
Milker, country $35 month and found
Laborers, steam shovel $2 25 day
Open to-day (Sunday). 0 to 12.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
C42 Commercial st., near Kearny.
Open to-day, Sunday, from 10 a. m. to 12 m.
0 laborers, handy men. handle pipe, new
Job. $2 25 day; 5 carpenters, longr Job, north;
5 laborers and teamsters, free fare. Call
to-day. Sunday.
ANDRE'S offlce. 317 Stockton st— Butler. $40;
gardener, country, $35; choreman, private
place, $25; German waiter, country boarding-
house, $35; waiter for- springs, $25; dish-
washer, hotel, $30; dishwasher, Santa Cruz,
$25; night janitor. $40; laundryman, hospital.
$30; waiter. $10 50 week; waiter, institution
$25; cWBreboy. $15.
GOVERNMENT positions— More than 15.000
appointments last year; examinations soon In
San Francisco. Write for circular J — 1. giv-
ing list of positions, salaries, examinations,
sample questions, etc.. to National Corns.
spondence Institute. Pacific Coast Offlce. 927
Market st, San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED — In wholesale grocery business,
bright', active young man who can' figure
* accurately and writes rapid, legible hand;
give references; state experience, age and
salary expected. Address P. W., box 8B4. Call.
GOVERNMENT positions — Examinations for
Custom-house positions will . be held In
July; call for free catalogue, giving par-
ticulars. Pacific Correspondence Institute,
Grant building, 1005 Market st., cor. Seventh.
WANTED — Manufacturer • wants .able ¦ youns;
I man to fill position as stenographer and gen-
I er.il clerk In offlce; when applying give cua.
< tomary particulars. Address W. H.. box
563, Call offlce.
WANTED — Everywhere, hustlers to tack
signs, distribute circulars, samples, eta; no
canvassing: rood pay. Sun • Advertising Bu-
reau. Chicago. . - .' ¦'
AN old established ' corner barber shop, fully
furnished, for rent. Inquire 1302 Webster at
MAN and wife to cook for 20 boarders, $50.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st. j
WANTED— Canvassers for good . selling ar-
ticlec. Monday morning, 265 O'Farrell, r. 15.
WANTED — At once. 2 first-class carriage wood
workers, at SPINNEY'S, 1040 Mission st
BARBER shop for sale on account of other
business. 1885 Mission st.
SOLICITORS to seU'our guaranteed merchan-
dise contracts; salary and better commission
than ever offered producers of business. Gold
Bond Mercantile Co. , 408 Crossley building.
UNCLE SAM wants help; 14,000 appointments
1903; free exam, paper & catalogue giving
¦ , positions and salaries.Dept.C.WesternCorresp.
' University, 023 Golden Gate ave., San Fran.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. P. PERSON.
477 and 478. Parrott building. , ¦-¦¦
WANTED— Competent bookkeeper, from 80. to
33 years of age; state experience and salary
expected. , Box 544. Call.
WANTED — Chief engineer for cold storage
plant : state wages and references. Box
- 548. Call office.
MEN and women wanted to learn the barber
trade, free of charge. Glllett College of
Barbers, 647 Commerclah it ~
HELI* WAVrrcn— MAI.-: rnntlnnr<1.
OPEN TO-DAY.
SUNDAY.
A— MURRAY & READY, Phone Main 5848.
634 and 63U Clay st.; 5S4S PHONE MAIN.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1003 We Gave 19O4 We Hope to
CO.COO Men Work. Increase eo.000.
WE SPEAK
SPANISH. GERMAN. FRENCH,
ITALIAN. SWISS. GREEK.
NEW— NEW— NEW
ARIZONA ARIZONA ARIZONA
$11 04 1104 MILES $11 04
8950 MEN WANTED.
HUNDREDS GOING DAILY— ARE YOU?
Teamsters, laborers, hammermen, drillers,
$2. $2 50. $3 and $3 50 day.
Florence, center of great mines — ARIZONA.
FREE FARE— 8 HOURS DAY.
To State Of NEVADA. NEVADA. NEVADA.
UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT WORK.
3335 drillers, teamsters, laborers, rockmen,
concrete mixers, tunnelmen, $2. $2 50. $3,
$3 50—8 hours — overtime paid— cost $1 fee —
that's all — 2 years' work.
NORTH— FREE FARE— EAST. SOUTH.
186 laborers, no experience required; you'll
suit.
FREE TO-DAY— YOU GO FREE.
GREAT LUMBER TRUST.
198 laborers, lumber companies, $35 to $C0
and found.
TO THE MINES AND QUARRIES.
36 laborers, foremen for mines, $40 and $30
and found.
. 18 drillers, no fare to pay, $67 50.
LABORERS— TEAMSTERS.
03 scraper and sand wagon teamsters. $2 25
day.
104 laborer*, all over California, some In
San Francisco. $2 and $2 25 day.
36 laborers, 8 hours' work daily, that's all,
$2 day.
HAY AND HARVEST HANDS.
01 haymakers, all over State. $1 50 day fd.
38 harvest hands, sack sewers, pitchers, etc
$2 day and found,
18 teamsters, extra good jobs. $1 50 and {2
day and found.
DAIRYMEN. STABLEMEN.
64 milkers, extra good Jobs,, come see, $35
and $40 and. found.
6 buttermakers. 2 cheesemakers, $40 and $50
and found.
19 stablemen, city and country Jobs, $75,
$60 and $35 and found.
GARDENERS— CHOREMEN.
5 gardeners, private Jobs, boss h*re, $35 and
$30 and found.
48 choremen and boys, different Jobs, $35,
$30. $25 and found.
15 bay balers. 25c ton. -
FRUIT PICKERS. ETC.
55 orchard and, vineyard hands, permanent
Jobs, $26, $30. $35 and found.
16 fruit pickers, fare- $1, extra good Job,
f26 and found.
DRIVERS DRIVERS. DRIVERS.
65 hack drivers for San Francisco. $C0.
MARRIED.
6 men and wives for farms, orchards, vine-
yards, dairies, mines', etc.. $40, $50, $60.
$70 and found.
Lather, fare $1. $2 50 M.
4 apprentice boys, city.
Cro*3cutter, legs, L. Co., $45 and found.
Tinner, $3 day.
Carpenter and blacksmith, ranch, fare 20c.
$45 and found.
5 crosscut sawyers. Car- fully read these;
TRADESMEN.
2 lathers, city, $2 50 per M.
6 cash and door hands, lumber company, $3
: to $3 50 day.
18 blacksmiths, different places. $3, $3 50 day.
Foreman molder. Iron worker. $4 to $5 day.
2 painters, paperhangers. city. $3 a day.
Tinsmith, factory, fare 10c. $3 a day.
6 carriage painters, $12 to $15 week.'
¦Weavers on blankets.
Machinist roller, grinder, fare 60c.
2 brick loaders country. 25c M.
8crew turners, edgerman. hook tenders.
Logger, understands rigging, L. Co.. $60 fd.
12 shingle- packers cut-off sawyer.
Molder and sticker hand
Carriage painter and sticker hand. $4 day.
Wheelwright. 50c fare, steady Job $50 found.
Wheelwright, wheel machine, fare. $1. $3.
12 coopers, slack work, call very early.
Bench hands, planing mill, fare $1, $3 day.
WOOD CHOPPERS.
196 choppers, everywhere In the State.
Logger. Dolbeer logging donkey. $75 found.
HOTEL LAUNDRY.
• BUTCHERS — OTHER DEPT.
18 cooks, springs, resorts, hotels, camps,
mines, ranches, saloons, etc. $70, $60, $50,
$40. $30. $25 and found.
it second cooks, $35. $40 and found.
14 waiters, hotels, cafes, etc.. $40 $35, $30.
$25 and found.
26 dishwashers, see us. $35, $30. $20 found.
18 porters, bell and elevator hoys, $30, $25,
$20. $15 and found.
LOOK.
4 boys, city factories. $4 week: omnibus boys.
Butcher and bookkeeper, manage country
shop, good wages. '
Laborer, do butcher's work. mine. $35 fd.
LAUNDRYMEN.
Laundryman, institution, $30 and found.
Washer, rprlngs hotel, extra easy good Job,
$25 and found.
15 laundrymen all over California.
3 vegetable gardeners. $30 and found.
BAKERS.
-First second, third, fourth hands, bakers.
' MURRAY &. READY. C34-636 Clay st.
TALLYMAN and yard clerk, lumber co.. $75
LOOK.
2 apprentice boys for bakery, 15c fare, $3
week.
Young man, kill and pick chickens, 10c fare
$2 to $2 50 day.
6-horse teamster, haul freight to mine. $35
and found.
LOOK.
10 laborers, lumber co., southeast, $42 found.
25 laborers, lumber co., fare $2 50. $35 fd.
Blacksmith, wagon work. $2 75 day.
Milker and buttermaker, private, 12 cows,
$30 and found.
FREE FARD TO-DAY.
26 laborers, "no experience wanted." $60.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A CLERK for our offlce.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
BAKER'S helper, city, good Job, $11 week fd.
Elevator boy, city, flrst-class hotel. $20 fd.
- Laundryman, good on ironing, country, $75.
FOREMEN.
Foreman, fruit ranch, wages to start, $50 fd.
Circular sawyer, file own saws, L. Co.,
$4 50 day.
20 laborers, lumber company. $35 found.
SPECIAL.
Farmer and wife. Monterey Co., easy job,
$50 and found.
SPECIAL.
Light wagon teamster. $10 week.
Milk wagon driver, city, $50 and found.
Man to drive milk wagon. 50c fare. $25 fd.
Carriage painter, brush hand $2 day.
Machinist, country, fare $1 25, $3 to $3 25
day.
Blacksmith, no shoeing. $50 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st
WANTED — At once, twenty-five flrst-class so-
licitors. Apply to Pacific Traders' Associa-
tion, rooms 43-44, 850 Market st. corner
Stockton.
YOUNG man in drug store: must live with
parents: with some experience; recommenda-
tions. NE. corner Kills and Mason sts.
WANTED— Retail salesman familiar with the
grocery or crockery business. State refer-
ences and wages expected. Box 2085, Call.
WANTED — An all round pressman on platen
presses; must be flrst-class. Apply SAN-
BORN. VAIL & CO., 741 Market st.
LOCAL company wants executive man; busi-
ness beats Insurance; $1000 required. Box
640. Call offlce.
YOUNG men everywhere, copy letters home
-vtts.; $•) 50 week. Send addressed env. for
particulars, Mgr. Dept. S 4. box 1411. Phlla.
APPRENTICE over 18 In mining and civil en-
gineering; no salary first year. Address
. box 2012. Call offlce.
DETECTIVES— Every locality; good salary;
experience unnecessary. Plnkerton's U. S.
Detective Agency. Milwaukee. Wla.
WANTED — Young man In tailoring business as
trimmer; must be experienced. Apply CHAS.
LYONS. London Tailor. 721 Market st.
YOUNG man, 18, law offlce: Instruction, small
wages, light services. 1213 Call bldg., 0:30
a. m^
A STEADY sober night watchman for restau-
rant, old man preferred, to clean up, etc. 80S
- Mission st.
BOY 16 to learn piano making. Pierce's Piano
Factory, Market Fourteenth and Church sts.
WANTED — Cigar clerk. Hoffman Cafe.
WANTED — Good man for wholesale liquor
store. Box 97. IOCS Market at.
CUTTER wanted. Apply CHAS. LYONS, 721
Market st.
BRIGHT boy to drtve delivery wagon. Apply
to-day, 149 Powell st, 8 to 10 a. m.
WANTED— Bright boy about 16 years old.
1103 Market st.
WANTED — A busheiman for tailoring; must
be good presser. 569 Hayes st.
EXPERIENCED bedmaker; must be neat and
reliable. 25 Third st.
STENOGRAPHERS, get my speed record; SOc:
' Increase your salary. Box 253. Dallas. Tex.
1ST-CLASS furnishing goods salesman and win-
dow dresser; must have ref. Box 2017. Call.
BARBERS— $150 buys my shop with a money-
making business. 235 Eighth st. -
WANTED — Messenger boy for office, abo>U 14.
Apply room 4, 320 California st.
AN educated rustling manv position under
salary and promotion. Box 2039. Call.
WANTED — Strong man. take car« of Invalid.
.134 Twenty - seventh st ••
BOY wanted to help around dairy. 1434 How-
ard at.
BARBER shoo: 4 chairs; swell place; north of
Market; must sell: cheap rent; bargain; $$50.
MUTUAL INVEST. CO.. 467 Paxrott bid*.
HELP WAimsi) — MALE— Cow.
AT C..R. HANSEN «i CO.'S Emp. Offlce>
429 Bush st &42 Clay st.
Offlce open to-day, Sunday. 10 to 12.
FOR ARIZONA.
FOR NEVADA.
FOR SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.
Fare to above points $0.
Teamsters $2 day
FOR HUMEOLDT.
Tunnelmen. drillers, new work. .$2 50-$2 75
State of Nevada. Government work, S hours.
Teamsters, laborers *'-'- v- 25
Fare $7 50.
Tunnelmen, headermen. muckers $2-$2 75
Burleigh drill tool sharpener *.:
Free fare.
Carpenter, hotel Union wages
Hostler, country institution $30 found
20 farmers, haymakers, milkers .$:;i »-$..".
Night tallyman, lumber camp $43 found,
10 Scandinavian swampers for the wood..
--• $.^5 found
Fry cook, country hotel, free fare $70
2 waiters, flrst-class hotel. Humboldt CV .
free fare $::3
Janitor and run elevator $42 rocnx
Storeroom man. hotel $4'>
Assistant barkeeper $40 board,
Vegetableman $Jt» : window-cleaner, $4O bd.
C. R. HAN.SEN & CO Employment Of flea
420 Bush st «42 Clay «t.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 13—
Bus boy; resort; $25.
WANTED— Four men to solicit from our
wagons. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 313 Mason st.
STENOGRAPHER with executive and literary
ability, some financial backing. Box 202d.
JOB compositor: youns: state age. wages and
experience. Box 2034, Call.
FOR sale — 1-chalr barber shop; cheap. 3903
Eirhteenth st.
BARBER shop for sale; clears $25 per week;
rent $a. 3147 Twenty-fourth st.
FIRST-CLASS sticker hand. Berkeley Planing
Mill. Berkeley. Cal.
~ ALL '
Men to learn the BARBER TRADE: only
eight weeks required; positions secured: con-
stant practice and expert Instruction; special
offer and catalogue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Ctay st
WANTED^ — Three flrst-class carriag* black-
smiths and three first-class body makers;
good wages and steady employment to right
parties Apply A. MEISTER ft SONS CO..
Sacramento, Cal.
SALESMEN wanted to sell nursery stock:
cas(i advanced weekly; write Immediately for
territory before it Is all assigned. CHICO
NURSERY CO.. Chlco. Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, ha.*
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third st; 230 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mail charges. 11 3d St.. Exam. bij.
A profitable outing; pick hops In August. Writ*
E. CLEMENS HORST CO.. 122 Battery st..S.F.
WANTED— Sailors and ordinary seamen for all
parts of Europe. LANE'S. 504 Davis st
YOUNG man to learn barber trade; wages
while learning. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. S17 Jackson st.
Pension Atty.. E. A. Bullls. r.40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. neaY~Mar-
ket — 70O rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
CaU branch ofnce.cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH efflce cf The Call for the reception,
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st., opposite FUta.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 503 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 3d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 23o
to 50c. 5S3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HELP WANTED — SALESMEN.
SALESMEN make r.i;0 per cent commission
selling "novelty sign cards"; merchants buy
10 to 100 on sight: 80O v&neties; catalogue,
free. Sullivan Co.. 1139 Maplewood av., Chgo.
WANTED — By old-estab. house, experienced
trav. salesman for Cal. : gocd pay : perm.
position to right man. Drawer S. Chicago.
BOUSES AND WAGO.1S.
FOR sate — Gentleman's driving team; bay;
15% hands high: have won numerous first
prizes In the East: are perfectly matched and
not afraid of cars or automobiles.
Also chestnut carriage team: 16 hands high;
weight about 1200 lbs. each; these may b*
seen at the stables of Dr. I. B. Dalzlel, 6C5
Golden Gate ave.
IF you want horses at your 'own price be sure,
and attend the big auction sale at Horn's
Stock Yards, corner Tenth and Bryant sts..
Monday, June 6. at 11 o'clock. S. WAT-
KINS. Auctioneer.
WANTED — A small livery and boarding stable,
either In city or country; a live country
town preferred. Call on or address HORD ds
SMITH. »5 Third st.. San FrancUco.
FOR sale — Pacing mare. S175; 7 years old. very
fast; gentle In every respect; safe for wo-
man to drtve: will go double. For particu-
lars address box 960. Call.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horses, wag-
ons surreys, buggies, carts and harness; at
1140 Folsom st
SAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College— Next
session begins June 6. Catalogs by applying to
DR. E- J. CREELEY. 510 Golden Gate ave.,
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round: near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenscn. S. T.
FOR sale — Bay horse. 5 years old. 1100 lbs.
15*4 hands; good buggy horse; also broken
to saddle: perfectly gentle. Box 655, Call.
FOR sale — Strong one-horse wagon. 1080
Sixty-seventh St., near San Pablo ave., Oak-
land.
1 CAMPING wagon for sale or for hire; also
j horse and wagon for sale. Apply 329 Noa
st, near Stxteenth.
I WANTED — Large sound horse: 1200 pounds;
state price. Box 2507. Call office.
SOUND mare for buggy; good traveler: gentle;
for sale cheaz>; want of use. 1919 Howard.
CAMP wagon for hire. Apply 142 Buchanan
street
SECOND-HAND camping wagon. 843 Howard
street.
[ ONE double and one single set of buggy har-
ness for sale. Box r.C3, Call offlce.
FOR sale — Light running" rubber tired buggy.
Box 5S3. Call offlce.
SORREL home for sale, 7 years old; true and
gentle. Box 729, Call offlce.
TWO horses. 4 years old; well broke; cheap.
S££S Eighteenth st
ONE span horses, harness and one mill wagon;
reasonable. Inquire at 726 Bryant st
FOR .sale — Two second-hand platform spring
wagons and one truck. 233 Beale st
NEW and second-hand wagons, all kinds, at
¦ 1615 Market St., opp. Franklin.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness, work and driving .horses. 15th- Valencia.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let: send for ctr.
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN tt CO.. 20 Montgomery.
A NEW house,' 6 rooms and bath. 1417 Ninth
avenue, near J St.. Sunset.
A FINE home on Washington St., Presidio
Heights, for rent: unfurnished. Box 521. Call.
HOTJSES— nntlTISirEP— Corta at^dera.
LOVELY summer home; large grounds, elec-
tric lights, modern conveniences: can be seen
Sundays. C. H. BAKER. 615 Sansome st
HOUSES FCHMSHKD — FOH SALE.
$550— SUTTER. 1009; elegantly furnished T-
room house: low rent; all new; clears $50.
FURNISHED house, 7 rms. for sale: bargain.
Call 1015 Polk st.. 2 to 4 p. m.; no agent*.
FOR sale — Well furnished 6-room house; very
cheap. 1109 Mission St.. near Seventh.
TEN large rooms, sold cheap: Income $30.
Apply fc23 Howard st.. after 12 m.
NICELY furnished house of 7 rooms, close la;
will sell reasonable. Tel. Polk 3841^.
15 ROOMS— $57 50 rent; all nicely furnished.
421 Hyde st. ¦
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
Mi pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
For Additional Classified Advertise*
mcots S«c Page Forty-Six, ____,THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 5, 1904.
46
MJ ?OKB TO. HOffgBB TO &ST.
"TOR rent— ti-room cottase in San Jose; fur-
nished comoletely; beautiful gsr_en; ail
kinds of fruit and berries; near cfr tine.
Age-ram 647 South Eleventh St.. San Jose.
HOL'SES TO LET— SUBURBAN.
WELLESLEY Park. San Mateo Co., 8-room ,
fur, modern house, stable. Meek. »0» Mission. |
HOL'SES WANTED.
"WANTED— Furnished cottage (July and Aug-
•ift) near Russian River. Box 650. Call office.
INVESTMENTS.
6TOCKS for sale— 40C0 Princess Maude, 4c;
10,000 San Calletano M. & 8.. 6c; 4000 Pay-
r_?_teT, 7;~e; 2000 Potomac OIL 6>4c; 2500 j
N. Y. -Grass Valley. 14c; 1C0 Zubiate pref..
J! 15; 60 Marconi. $3 75; and hundreds of
other similar Larcains in ev«ry class of se-
curity. Send your wants or offerings to
COWPER-THWAITE. Investment Broker,
Stockton, Cal.
GOOD investment — A limited n_r_-er of shares
at 25c i>er fhare: this stock will be worth
one dollar ($1) per share witntn a year; call
or write Osceola Mining and Development
Company. 414 Crossley building. 8. F.
JEWELRY, WATCHES, ETC
WANTED — Old gold and silver for manufac-
turing r^iTCsek. MILTON iEWELRY CO.,
257 Sixth st.
iap-tcexs roa xn-tn.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Cay
»t.; for pleasure and business; tel Bash 534. j
3. Michaelis Launch Co.. Union -it. wharf; boat- i
Ing & excursions, t Steuart ft. ; tel. John 2CS8.
LOST ANJJ - OUXU.
LOST — Brs.nr.aii or Third st. cars; ladies' hand :
bag containing money diamond ring, pearl ,
brooch, gold chain and receipt from Sacred I
Heart Ccllere; liberal reward. Return Oc- •
e;_er.__ Hotel office. j
LOST — Cocker spaniel dog. In the neighborhood
of Pacific ave. and Stelrer st. ; liberal rewsrd.
Return to 1517 Washington it.
1X>ST — Silver- top cane with came, at Cliff j
station: reward given. Leav* at Bertellng '¦
Optical Co.. 16 Kearny ct. :
LOST— A rclfl N. E. G. W. badge on May 23.
Finder return to 735 Tchaaia et. ; reward. :
BTOLEN — Large fcxterrier: tag 1555; reward; j
no Questions. 1C2 Powell Et.
LOST — Silver rrar Scotch terrier. Return to j
1164 E_<2y -t.; reward. ,|
X/3ST — Canary bird. Reward If returned to 24 '
Sixth st., room 16.
6ATURDAY heart locket acd chain: initials ;
A. 6. Return 1ZC9 Pine st.; reward.
I/3ST— Collie dog; sable. Tvlth half white neck ;
and white chest. Reward if returned to F. i
HESS, 621 California st.; rhone James 1501. j
— II i
T«T **~ynvrnTTT fr,,
YOUNG lady cf IS, high education, has a ,
goo. home with parents but poor, would ;
like a home of her own and wishes to cor- I
respond with ycuuz man; must be honorable
and gentlemanly; object matrimony. Box '¦
ti6. Call office. ,
%CIDOW of 43. light blue eyes, hair rather '¦
gray, a rood ho isekeeper. of a loving and .
kind dispof .tlcn. would like the acquaintance '
cf an honorable and scber man; object mat- j
rimor.y. Box 720. Call office.
fROFESSIOXAL gentleman with some money i
and s.n income, sobtr and honest, would like
tbe acquaintance c f a young lady; attrae- ;
tive and amiable; object matrimony. Box :
€24. Call office.
AMERICAN H<3v. S4 (widow), no -lncum- j
brancer , a good housekeeper, would like a •
srood home an4 wants to correspond with a j
rer.:lem_n; object matrimony. Box 677, •
Call office. .. - • '.
A YOUNG •widower, ctylish. good appearance, [
childless, has lar_e Income and beautiful •
home, would marry respectable lady of re- !
flnemer.t; no triaers. Box _U55. Call office, j
MIDDLE-AGED gentleman, good habits, s6tn_ j
means and a home, affectionate disposition, ;
would like the acquaintance of a lady; cb- !
Ject matrimony. Box 552. Call office.
WIDOWER U6 and unlncumbe^-ed). a good '
businesc and means, a lover ot a good home, j
-.¦r-uld like to correspond with a lady; object i
matrimony. Box 570, Call office.
TOI'NG laboring tr.tn with some money would ¦
lik? acquaintance with a young lady; saving '
_r,d pood housekeeper; object matrimony. I
Address box 581. Call office. j
GENTLEMAN. 34. with a good position with a t
firm here, would like to meet a kind lady; i
cbj'cct matrimony. Box 17S, Call office. |
MECHANIC. SO. desires acquaintance of j
-crkinp girl cr widow; object matrimony. '
Box 20?*4. Call office.
MK-tlCAL.
A— DR. BTLVESTEB, 219 Kearcy st.
SPECIALIST FOR WOMEN.
1« years' experience without a failure.
Ladies suffering from Irregularities or any 1
ailment peculiar to women gave time and !
money by consulting me first. My method of I
rreauront is OKLY CERTAIN and HARM- !
LEHS cure KNOWN to mtulcal science, and '
1 POSITIVELY GUARANTEE IMMEDIATD I
RELIEF from irregularities from whatever
CMUe <jt MAKE NO CHARGE. If others fail I
to cure you corr.e to me at once. ONE VISIT 1
WILL HE SUFFICIENT and I will help you
Advice free. Interviews strictly private. All |
letter*; _n?wf-red truthfully. CUT THIS OUT. I
Hour* 'j a. «n. to 'J r>. BL Open Sundays. ¦
La: 'i:>" irregularities cured; 18 years' ex.;!
private. DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny st.
Z-%.DIES o>slrir.g' aafe. sure end quick relief I
from irregularities consult me: my methods •
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex- i
crbitent f«--s. CONSULTATION AND AD- i
VICE FP.F.E; 17 years' experience In al! it- i
B-.ale disorder*; call or write. DR. WHITE i
702 Market et.. rooms 7 and f^ " ¦
MRS- DR. WYETH. epecialif>t for all female I
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief !
raaranteed ; SO years' experience. 826 Post st. j
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe- j
male trouble* and irregularities ; Sn.nant re- !
l^ef guaranteed. IOCS'- Market et.. opp. 5th. I
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
cold; price $_ 50 by express. Pasteur's
syrir.ee and tablet*: price $5. By expre-j j
or.Jy on receipt <:f irrice. OSGOOD BROTH-
ER?, wholesale druggists. Seventh and '
P.roadway, Oakland. ,- - ;
m. G. W. O'DONNELL— AH who are sick or I
in trouble ccnxult this specialist on female i
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu- !
rate helped; the most difficult cases treated- !
-dvic; free. Office. 1018 Market St. [
WOMEN — Irregularities cured In three days;
instant relief to j>a:n: $1 per bottle, SI 25 by
express: lady re:>-TOentatlve calls on requert.
CENTURY REMEDY CO., 403 Montgomery
*t.; telephone Gr^en 18.
SPECIALIST fcr women; DR. R. H. WES-
TON. office PX6 Kearny St.; hours, 10-4 7-8;
consult a graduate physician: it pays; Irregu-
larities relieved: rare, sure ar.d confidential.
X>rs. Goodwin. 73.1 Turk, above Van Ness— Ex -
pert In obstetrics, female complaints: lnst.
relief; treatment J10; hours 10 to 5; 25 yrs.ex.
MRF. D. ALLEN. 1118 MarkeT-^ReTrable" ladies'
•peel-list; a private borne before and during
•confinement; bert medical care; low fees.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having sec_re<r"lease of
premises is permanently located at 611A
Leaven»orth st.. bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES — Kumround: safe. eure. n»ver fails:
K. Gl'-fon-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny _.- Clay.
DR. liOS-EN reMdei 2930 Folsom «.. corner
-6th; ladies, relief or no fee: 110. j
CR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
MI»CKLLAXEOCy--irOK «*!__.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machlneryTllcINl I
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 1.S-1W Fremont tt. j
STANDARD oil rig, Jully equipped, and 1600 !
feet of rasing. 11% In. to 7H in.; also 1500 !
leet of 6 a_d 6 Inch drive pipe. Apply for {
particulars GAFFEY _ MAHON. -05 CaU- 1
fornla at.
DOES YOCR ROOF LEAKT ~~
Repair it with elatertte: In rolls easy to lay-
needs no painting or coating; good over old '¦
Iron, tla or shingles: best for new roofs. I
EE.ATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st. '
2D-HAND ro-cbinery. engines, boilers, pumps j
pulleys, shafting, etc... etc.. bought, soldi j
rested and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. L30-10*2 Eeale st
A HANDSOME/lsrougham. with new rubber
tiree; cewiy fepainted; just out of the shop.
. 1011 Suttcr st. !
INVENTION model*, punches, dies, carving I
¦ and trpc-clal tools, small articles, manufac- j
tured at Novelty Machine Works, 278 Jessie '
st..» near Fourth. ; ¦ j
A— FINE suits. $7 60; drees paints. r2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 22S Kearny rt..
Dear Bush; ope* to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — HTJYS. sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, thaftlng pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 2S3-255 Spear Ft.
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
•t-lU to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton sL £V
DIAMONDS, waU-rt «xt<l Jewelry for male on ,
rmall weekly payments. United Loan and ¦
Trust Co., 21 Stockton ct.
MISCRLLANEOCS FOR SALE— <7om. (
PAINT your old - and new metal and shingle j
roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to stop all leaks in the one and preserve the
new. 205 Front St.; f 1 Main 1428. j
OIL stove tops put on, 25c; high tops; intense
heat; no smoke; all kinds tin work made, re-
paired. D. S. WEAVER. 303 Oough st.
ALL kinds of talking machines, records and
supplies; factory prices; catalogues sent. 41-
Kearny st. '•*¦":
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st..
upstaire. .. i
FOR SALE— Good second-hand wharf plank.
$6 60 per M. LEROY BRUNDAGE. 2021
Seventeenth at.
FOR eale— Small printing office complete; type
nearly new; two Platen presses; good in-
vestment. Box 2008. Call office.
FOR sale — 1 silk covered parlor set. 1 Do- #
meetic sewing machine. 1 extension table;
good order. Apply 329 Noe, near Sixteenth.
ALTERATION eale— Best $2 50 hats. $1 60.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine; open to 9 p. m.; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express
charges. 11 Sd st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
SECOND-HAND sealskins, old gold and dia-
monds bou_ht: send postal; will call. New
. Municipal Loan Office, 617 Washington st.
DESK eale this week only. 20 per cent off
regular prices. RICHARDSON BROS.. 1816
Market St. j
X — $40 Columbia graphophone with 62 diso
records; sell for $18. Box 2518, Call office.
FOR aale at 230 Van Ness ave. — Enameling
oven for 8 bicycle frames at a bargain.
PICTURE machine and stereoptlcon outfit
cheap. Address box 1206, Call, Oakland.
INCUBATOR chicks and ducklings for sale.
6495 Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
CHEAP refrigerator, with ail fixtures,' for
butcher shop. Fruit Stand. 1810 Polk st.
ENGLISH hunting dog for sale. 418 Mont-
gomery ft,
ELASTIC stockings. $2. Factory. 40 Ellis st.
FOR sale — Elegant OO-light electric bath cabi-
net reasonable. Electric Works, 227 Ellis st. I
SINGER, drop head, eewlng machine, used
short uxr.e. for sale. 2244 Mission, nr. *Oth.
BUTCHERS' refrigerator, chop fixtures, horses,
cart end harress fcr sale cheap. 269 Pa. ge et.
ECLIPSE gas water heater, Al order.
ROSSITER. 27 Jessie St.
SMITH PREMIER typewriter, almost new; sell
cheap. Box 109, Fruitvale.
FOR sale — Thoroughbred black male cocker
spaniel; 7 months. 204 Castro st. «
DIAMOND ring, earstuds. sunburst: bargain.
Ring landlady. 376 Geary St., 1 to 6 p. m.
LAUNCH, for sale; hunting cabin; 6 H.P.;
new engine; snap. 1S2S Bay St., Alameda.
AWNINGS tents. new.eecond hand. SUN TENT
& AWNING CO..42 Spear Et. ; tel. John 6486.
TENTS for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT & AWNING CO.,35 Mkt.Tel.Bush 658.
PIGEONS — All the leading varieties; stamp for
catalogue. C. WILSON, office 229 Stevenson.
BRITANNICA Encyclopedia, latest edition, 31
vols. KING'S, 61 McAllister St.. nr. Market.
EDISON Phonopraph Agency. Peter Bacig-lupl.
moved to 7SC Mission st.
ROUND can-iplng tents for sale; cheap: some
new; 16x16. 319 Third St.; tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER *; CO.. 110 Montg'y.
BARGAINS in fine diamonds and watches;
rasy payments. GARIN. 803 Hayward bldg.
SAFES and rash registers, new and second-
han.l. I. FHKKMAX. IS-P Market st.
SOME good second-i'ind gasoline engines. 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN PAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
b-.ryatns. Hullard k Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st. '
CAROLINE »iiirine-. auto—'Mles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. POAIC. 46 Frcmor.t st.
miscki.t.am;ous wants.
BIG prices paid fcr old gold, sealskins, ' dia-
monds, gents' full dress suits etc.; send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN' BROS.. 23
Ftocktor st. '
GOOD second-hand bicycle, coaster brake. 20-
lnch wm'; ttate rr<r'» and where !t> be
seen, li^x 627. Call iffice
WANTED — 6ound gentle horse fcr lady to
drive. Address W. L. PRICE. Tribune office,
Oakland.
WANTED— Buyers for the "Veil of Isis";
price one dime. HEMETIC BOOK CON-
CERN, 509 Van Nets ave.
SECOND-HAND wall tent; good condition; !
state size, particulars and price. FOSTER, j
ir&6 Market st !
WANTED — Fox or Scotch terrier; must be I
good ratter. 22.>2 Ean Jose ave., Alameda.
GOVERNMENT saddle, rawhide reins, male
red cocker spaniel. Bex 5S0, Call.
WAXTED^Oil drums and small tanks. Ad-
drere JOS. W. SILVA. box 75. Alameda, Cal.
MORRIS irives -highest prices for ladles' and
irer.ts' castoff clothing; postal. 043 Folsom.
HIGHEST price paM for castoff clothing. TeL
Davis "-."• ; < .'0 Sacramento st.
TILTON wants coed recond-hand clothing ar.d
theatrical roods. 154 flth St.: tel. Jessie 2851. .
DESKS bought, rold aod exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 782 Mission: phone Bush 467.
CHOES wanted: misfit — : castolT; highest prcs.;
new tt ?d-h«n«1 rhn*n tor «ale. 74» Mission.
MOSEV TO LOAN.
A A A— HERMAN MURPHY.
' 001-C02-6U3 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save exi>enses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trust,
etc.: legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
INTEREST 5V- AND « PER CENT.
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount advanced on CITY, OAKLAND,
TOWN AND COUNTRY real estate.
Seccnd mortgage*. estaUs in probate, undi-
vided interests In real estate, property In
trust; loan- closed promptly.
MANHATTAN LOAN* COMPANY,
1U7-S-9-11 CROCKER BUILDING.
POST AND MARKET STREETS.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
lit, _d or 3rd
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
or ccuntry.
Low rate of interest.
Give full- particulars i
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 4 l'O. Call office.
LOWEST BANK RATE. ~
Any amount; first and second mortgages,
eztates In probate, undivided interest In
estates. afslRr.mcnti cf rents, etc.. at lowest '
rate cf Interest
RIVERS BROS.. 205 Montgomery st.
SALARY LOANS^I '
j Money ioaned salr.rled people without secur-
ity or Indorsement. knowledKe of employer or
anyone; confidential and courteous treatment-
call acd get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg. I
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.:
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. CS Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market St.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cert Interest. Baldwin -Jewelry Store
846 Market: tel. Main 1044. Branch, 10 Third.
MONEY loaned on dlamonaw, jewelry tealsklns
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protect-
ed from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE, 25 Stockton: phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, te_msters, boarding-bouses, without
security; *a*y payments; , large business in
46 prnctpal cities. Tolman. 653 Parrott bids.
THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
ct. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. .Phone Rush 484. ,_¦
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity: $2- up: quick,
quiet, confidential. 2C Montgomery st.. rni. 7.
MONEY to lean on low Interest: gold, silver, j
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought j
at W. J. HESTnAL'S. It) Sixth st.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos: strict
privacy: no commission; installments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. . Conservatory building.
ETAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 211, Mutual Bav. Bk.
bid.; Oakland office. 1103H Brdwy.. suite 1-2. j
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOAN8 FROM SI TO $10.000*
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
zbo. & F. Collateral Loan Bank. 638 Kearny.
MOyEY TO LOAJI— Contln -«*.
TO salaried people without security; on farol- I
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. B. '
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton at. ,
MONET to loan for building purposes: low
rate; private party. 234-235 Parrot bldg.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1008 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 708 Market st.
1% Per cent on furniture and p'lanos; no com.
charged. ELFVING, 616 Hearst bid., Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORELL. 609 Examiner building.
MONEY WASTED.
A RESPONSIBLE party wishes to borrow from
$700 to $10,000 for terms ranging from 1 to 8
years; will give desirable real estate in an
excellent renting locality as security; will
pay from 7 to 7*4 per cent interest per an-
num; principals only. Box 1207, Call office,
Oakland.
. Ml'-ICAL INSTRUMENT*.
ALL UPRIGHTS:
Neubert, new $250. now $60.
Fischer, new $325, now $85.
Herts, new $300, now $67.
Russell new ?HS.\ now $130.
Colby, hew $4^5. now $180. .
2 Chickerlngs, new $4150, now $100, $135.
2 Stelnways, new $575. $750; now $183. $323.
Heine, new $675 now $333,
and 60 otherf. Several squares at bargain
prices. Call and axsmlne them. Rents $2 up.
Installments $4 up. Old pianos or organs taken
In exchange. Tuning $2, finest workmanship.
HEINE PIANO CO..
235-237 Geary st. Oakland, 1258 Broadway.
A NICE small upright: good order •'••H?
One a little better, for practice .$60
One Kranlch & Bach, condition fine $100
One Belmont; mahogany case; a snap... $147 j
One Little Jewel; used three months $150 ;
One Sterling; walnut case; good order.. $155 .
One Mathuahek; fine order; rosewood. .$165
AUo one Chlckerlng, 2 Vose. 2 Etelnways, 2
Stecks. 1 Knabe; all In first-class condition; ¦
easy pay's. Benj. Curtai & Son. 10 O'FarrelL
A SENSATIONAL fire — Storage pianos and
furniture will be removed to North Beach
and ourned if not sold In a few days; thli
means storage planes and furniture almost
cheaper than fire wood, and must be re-
moved. Whltehead's Storage. 1636 Market..
PIANOS for rent; $3 per month; the largest
and best stock In San Francisco to select I
.from; pianos from $30 upward ; our line the I
best, our prices the lowest. SCOTT CURTAZ j
PIANO CO.. 560-64 Hayes St. ¦
SLIGHTLY used Oak upright piano, latest Im-
provements: regular price $325, now $167;
Installments. SECKLER. 1919 Mission st. |
ATTENTION — See our window display for. all j
sizes of pianos; various prices. BYRON I
MAUZY. 308 Poat st. j
SPECIAL bargains this week; square pianos. 1
£25: uprights, $100 up; organs, $23. BYRON I
MAUZY. 308 Post St.
WILL sell for storage, fine Hazelton and Vose
pianos. STATHAM'S. 110 McAllister st.
f \
EOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos, Ceclllan piano j
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-812 Post st.
A BEAUTIFUL Stelnway upright grand, as
good as new; cheap. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
$165 — STEINWAY upright: private party; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st. -
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay- I
ments. SCHMITZ A CO.. 16 McAllister st. j
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chlckering baby grand;
Shonlnger, little used. Keefte's, 285 O'Farrell.
MUSICAL INSTRUCTION.
PIANIST and experienced teacher harmony. W.
H. UPSCOMBE. 320 Van Ness, cor. Fulton.
OFFICES AND STOKE, TO LBT|
STORE to let; fine large store with u/ing-
room and concrete cellar; 03- Lorkm st. ;
store and basement $10: store without base-
ment $30. Apply to BENJ. M. fcUNN &
CO.. 813 Montgomery St. ¥ ; • • '•
OFFICES — 2S9 Pest st., cor. Stockton; all light
and en street; fixed to suit tenant.
PERSONALS.
A. B. BARNES. MEDICAL DIRECTOR.
L. I. MATHER, Secretary.
WILLOW BARK SANITARIUM
(Incorporated).
Treat all liquor and drug addictions
by the best known methods.
We do not agree to effect a cure In three I
days. By giving a systematic treatment we
build up the system, while effecting the cure,
by which we naturally obtain the best results.
We do not claim to perform miracles.
BUT DO CLAIM TO CURE.
We have a beautiful and well-furnished home
for all private patients. Call *,r write for
booklet. Address for particulars—
812 Shotwell st., near Twenty-second.
Tel White 3C91. Ean Francisco, Cal.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR j
i Permanently removed by the use of "Sten- |
sle." the most wonderful and effective der- ¦
matolfK-ic.il preparation ever placed before j
the public; will positively remove by the
roots any growth that can be presented; will
not Injure most delicate skin. Sold and ap-
plied by Mrs. E. G. Henderson, 32CA Ellis.
REFINED young married couple, no children,
wishes to rent permanently from private fam- j
lly 3 furnished or unfurnished. . preferably
with view of ferries and S. F. bay; rent to '
be about $15; best of references given. Ad-
drera A. E. D., 1517 Taylor st.
A LONG STORY MADE SHORT— A wrinkled
face positively restored to Us former contour;
rimpie, harmless, scientific method shown on
the living face: permanency guaranteed. Call
or write for book. "Hints on Beauty." free.
M. ELLA HARRIS. 781 O'Farrell st. |
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for !
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia, '
sore throat, etc. i?old by ail druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN, 32 Turk St.. 8. F.
A NEW METHOD — Your bust positively devel-
oped and enlarged by my method; magnetic
mai-Eage by appointed graduate, old school;
strictly confidential. MRS. HOLSHOUSE.H.
C37 Bush st.. apt. 309; phone Front 87.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Us grawtb. stops falllng.cures dandruff
ar.d Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists'. hairdressers' ; ac- I
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 133* Polk |
CHYLO — Positive cure for Indigestion, dys- j
pepsla and preventive of appendicitis; by j
mail 10c, 25c, 6Oc per box. 'The Chylo Co.,
121 Geary ft., room 721.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
fkln. mouth, bones, etc.). speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
"VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation,
curing oiganic weakness drains, varlcocele,
etc.; easily worn; $2 50 postpaid: physicians
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co.. 140 Geary.S.F.
ADVERTISING WORLD, Colurabufc Ohio, a
monthly journal of Information, plans, sug-
gestions and Ideas for advertising. Send to-
day for free sample, or 10c for 4 months' trta'.
OLD carpets of all kinds woven Into beautiful !
and durable rugs; any size desired. Phone I
Red 7122. The Oakland Fluff Rug Factory,
862 Market St., Oakland. Cal.
RAG rarocts wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portleren; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. "09 Fifth st.. Oakland.
WIDOW, 36. refined, wishes to form acquaint-
ance of widower. Box 1208, Call office, Oak-
land.
J. McKINNY (cook), address for Information
of value. ELLA M. CUSACK, General De-
livery. Washington and Battery sts.. city.
PARISIAN* DE RMATOLOGY PARLOR is
transferred to 327 Geary St., opp St. Fran-
cis Hotel.
NOTICE Is hereby given that I have sold my
grocery store at 1601 Turk st. LOUI8 KOE-
NIG. ¦ -
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR ~
On the worst bald head. Call or writ*. DR.
G. S. MOORE, 332 O'Farrell st.
A FINE suit to order on easy Installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Market St..
between Seventh and Eighth.
AT less than coat; uncalled for suits, overcoats
snd trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
A. A. A. — Have been true to you; will wait.
¦Write. A. C.
MR. CARTER, formerly soldier at the Presidio.
please give personal address. Box 493. Call.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Travers. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE cult $7 50; dress pants $2 f0.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Actlna restores lost eyesight; cures deafness and
.catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric, needle specialist. 869 Sut-
. ter. r. 609. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs;
ccuntry orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1. at all druggists'.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
'•all. Kt paces, sent to any address In the
T'n'teii ytafp or Canada one year 'or $1.
BUSINESS FERSOMAT-S.
COMBS' Lotion will cure". poison oak; 'try It.
624 Thirty-first St., Oakland, or drug stores.
PAJ-M1STHT.
A— MMK. LTMAN. scientific palmist, recently
from East. 460 Geary st. ; phone Green 89.
MADAME! DEVAS, palmist and astrologer.
Llebes bldg., 189 Post st. ; hours 10 to 6.
MME. NEJERGARD, located at 242 Post; hours
1 to D dally. ! Phone James 1.* Classes.
HAVE fortune told; AURINE'S gypsy camp;
palmistry, clairvoyants; located at 211 Ath st.
H, JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 518
. Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Black 661.
PATE-TT8.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st.
j PHYSICIANS AMP -P-tGgOK»."
DR^ cT^T^^DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021 Vi Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; partlcu-
- lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073*4 Market st. '
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats all dlse&ses of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 607 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. Li Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and ttas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dls-
easeg cured by Chlnea* herbs. 746-S Clay st.
BOOMS KOK llOUSGKR-l'IMi.
A SNAP— 3~pTrtlT^urn7Tio*u'sekeepln#; rooms;
|15 mo.; sunny. The Virginia. 1005 Powell at.
BUSH, 2018— Elegantly furnished or unfur-
nished sunny rooms; In suites of 2. 3, * or «;
lovely location: all modern; prl. baths, elec.
BUSH, 2333 — 2 sunny furnished rooms, with
' email kitchen, ¦
CALIFORNIA. 1264— Nicely furnished house-
keeplng rooms; also single. ¦ "~
CALIFORNIA. 1522 — 8 completely furnished
housekeeping rms. ; bath, yard, tel. ; private.
DOLORES, 1500 — Two furnished rooms; house-
keeping; bath and gas; $12.
EIGHTH, 10% — Housekeeping room; furnished;
bedroom and kitchen adjoining.
ELLIS, 595— Large sunny and nfcely fur-
nlshed housekeeping room; $12. ¦•
ELLIS. 605 — Two parlors; housekeeping; run-
ning water and gas range; and basement.
ELLIS. 6S5— Nicely furnished room; fitted for
"Iffht housekeeping; gas stove, running water
and sunny. - .
FILBERT, 832, near Mason — 4 well-furnished
housekeeping rooms; sunny side; beautiful
bay view; rent reasonable.
FRANKLIN. 721— Furnished rooms. '
FULTON, 322— Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
GEARY, 046 — Light housekeeping rooms, $5 to
¦ $8 per -month; also single rooms.
GEARY, 1015— Entire floor, parlor, bedroom,
kitchen, toilet, bath (gas range); furniture
new; $30. • . . ' 'W-*V*
GOLDEN GATE ave., 433— Furnished rooms
for housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave,, 1012 — 3 furnished rooms.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1529, near Scott — Floor
of 4 rooms, furnished complete for house-
keeping; rent reasonable. -
HOUSEKEEPING rooms. Box 477, Call of-
flca. .
HYDE. 913 — Elegant unfurnished parlor suite;
ruhning water; kitchen; reas.; other rooms.
JACKSON. 2311 — Housekeeping rooms; com-
pletely furnished or unfurnished; gas range;
phone; bath. • ;¦ • ¦ ~~
JESSIE, S33 — Sunny room, furnished house-
keeping; gas range, sink, closet; 12 75.
JESSIE*. 433, near Fifth — 3 housekeeping
rooms; connecting; complete; $.1>per week.
JONES. 607. June. O'Farrell — For light house-
keeping, 2 ijretty sunny rooms; al»o single.
KEARNY, 803 — Nicely furnished rooms and
bath; also light housekeeping rooms. '¦•¦
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pins—
Sunny, furnished S-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rate $30 up.
LAGUNA, 1507, cor. Geary— Newly furnished
sunny .rooms, all connecting; bath, phone,
- modern; private family; reasonable.
LARKIN. 326, cor. O. G. ave. — Furnished sun-
ny; central; bath; phone; run. water; reas.
LARKIN, 1007. corner Post, The Cragburn—
Sunny furnished rooms, single or en suite;
housekeeping apartments a specialty: baths;
reduced rates for summer: Larkln and Sut-
te.r-st. cars pass house.
MCALLISTER, 1247— 1 or 2 front rooms, with
use of kitchen.
MISSION, 944 — Housekeeping and single rooms;
reaeonable; central.
MISSION. 25C2 — Furnished room with or with-
out board.
MISSION, 2S44 — Sunny furnished room; rent
reasonable to two gentlemen.
NATOMA, 25 — Two furnished' rooms; private;
rent reasonable.
OAK, 10—2 rooms, complete for housekeeping;
use of piano.
OAK. 117. and 538 McAllister— Suites and sin-
gle, $.'. to $12; gas range; hot bath; laundry;
adults.
O'FARRELL. 320—2 sunny furnished house-
keeping; yard; cheap; call after 11 a. m.
O'FARRELL. 1.195 — Nicely furnished sunny
front housekeeping suite; '$16.
PEARL, 3. corner Market — 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms; no children; $14.
PINE, 2721, near Devlsadero— Parlors; also 1
room fur. or unfur. for hkpg. ? reasonably.
POLK. fll2— $14; bedroom, kitchen, gas stove,
bath; large front suite, housekeeping; reas.
POLK, <i,!4, cor. Eddy — Housekeeping rooms
and others: *>se ot kitchen If desired; reas.
POLK. 1402— Sunny housekeeping rooms; gas
and bath free; reasonable.
POST, 217. near Grant ave. — Elegant suite
light housekeeping; bath: gas; $6.
SHOTWELL. 811—2 large newly furnished
sunnv front rooms; complete for housekeep-
ing; KHis. bath and laundry.
SIXTEENTH. 3432— Two nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms; bath and phone; mod-
ern flat.
STEINER, 1325, cor. Ellis— Two front fur-
nished housekeeping rooms. '
SUTTER, 717 — Elegant housekeeping rooms;
also offices: fine location.
SUTTER, 2170 — 3 housekeeping rooms; fur-
nished or unfurnished; range; sink; phone;
bath; reasonable. -
TEH AM A. 478, near Sixth— 3 sunny furnished
rooms, complete for housekeeping; $12; no
¦ children.
THREE unfurnished rooms for housekeeping.
Box 574, Call office.
TURK. 803— Nicely furnished suite and
kitchen; running water, gas, bath, phona.
TURK, 81G — Private home; parlor* floor "of 4
rooms for housekeeping; also fine single
. rooms for zentlemen.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3367— Sunny housekeeping
rooms In Mission warm belt. ~ :.
VALENCIA. 009— Nicely furnished, sunny, al-
cove suite and large kitchen; gas range;
running water; large cloeete; no children.
VAN NESS, 616— Housekeeping suites, single
rooms; table bqard; reasonable. j
VAN NESS ave., \706 — 2 rear basement rooms,
complete for housekeeping; $11.
ADVERTISEMENTS, «ubscrlptlons received ac
Call branch office, cor. Duncan tt Church *ts.
APAaT_ir»T Kousrs.
A— E/j DRISCO APARTMENTS.
COR. PACIFIC AVE. AND BRODERICK ST.;
3. 4 AND 6 ROOMS. FURNISHED OR UN-
FURNISHED; COMMANDS AN UNSUR-
PASSED VIEW OF THE ENTIRE CITY.
OCEAN AND BAY: YOUR INSPECTION
SOLICITED; BEST OF REFERENCES RE-
QUIRED. MRS. N. FOSTER. LESSEE.
A— CORDOVA ¦APARTMENTS. ¦'•/•
1084 SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms and
¦ bath each; all unfurnished: $27 60 to $10.
.Make reservations now.'.
ST.CECILE. 115 Fell.above Van Ness ave.— The
acme of perfection In modern, elegantly fur-
¦ Dished 3-rootn apartments, with private baths,
rteam heat, electric llsht. elevator, gas ranges;
$30. $35, $37. $40. $45, $47 60. $50. $55.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-3
rooms; furn. or unfurn.; refs. Tel. East 1350.
APARTMEHTS WAITTED,
APARTMENT, of 3 . rooms wanted, furnished
, complete, for houcekeeplng. Box 653, Call.
4-ROOM apartment wanted ! with all modern
conveniences; aUte rates. Box 170, Call. ;
WANTED— An aphrtment of 3 furnished rooms
Xor housekeeping. Box 158, ; CaU office.
ROOMS TOLET — tfurm. mmA Vmtmwm.
U2 TURK ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
PHONE PRI V. EX: 660.
NEW FIRE-PROOF .BUILDING,
158 ROOMS; ELEGANTLY FUR-
NISHED SUNNY SUITS. WITH
PRIVATE BATH; ALSO SINGLE
, . ROOMS; THOROUGHLY MOD-
ERN AND UP TO DATE: TELE-
PHONES IN ALL ROOMS; ELEC-
TRIC LIGHTS: STEAM HEAT.
ELEVATOR SERVICE DAY AND NIGHT.
SPECIAL RATES- TO TOURISTS .--W.-'
AND TRAVELING SALESMEN.
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
. 115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN -AND UP-TO-DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN: 150 ROOMS; 35 SUITES (
WITH PRIVATE BATH; ELECTRIC
LIGHTS; STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT; TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM;
SUITES WITH BATH. $1 50 TO $2 60 PER
DAY: SINGLE ROOMS, 75c to $1; HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041.
ASHWORTH HOTEL,
320 Mason at., bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
Rooms with or without private bath.
New addition just completed; entire house
newly renovated; sun In rooms all day.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week aad
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. ,
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms. 25c. 60c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 60 to $10 week: house open all night.
ALDINE, 404 Turk — Sunny . front rooms; run-
ning water; $10 and $12 month.
A VERY. 29, off Geary st.. near Flllmore —
Sunny parlor In new flat.- $8. .
BAKER. 1411— Room to let.
BRYANT, 518 — A furnished room in private
family; breakfast If desired; rent $6.
BURNETT, 1426 Market <old No. 1364)— Fur-
Dished rooms, suite, single: also unfurniihsd.
BUSH, 1006. corner Jone-— Nicely furnished
sunny room.
BUSH. 1011 — Exceptionally large sunny room;
large clothes closet, bath, phone ;deslrab., cent.
CALIFORNIA, .1304— Sunny front bay-window
room & kitchen, connecting; rcaa. ;no chlld'n.
CALIFORNIA, 1454. cor, Larkln— Furnished
and unfurnUhed sunny rooms.
CARL, 136 — Two or three sunny rooms: near
Golden Gate Park; rent reasonable.
CLIFFORD. _0i Kills, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices, reasonable.
DKVISADERO. 1317— Sunny furnished room.
DIAMOND. 819 — 3 sunny furnished rooms:
hot and cold water; $16. - i
i |
EDDY. 210 — Elegant furnished i double room j
for man and wife, or 2 gentlemen.
EDDY, 478— Suite of 2 or 3 nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms with piano; also single
rooms for gentlemen. , j
EDDY, 518 — Sunny front room for rent.
ELEVENTH, 21 — Elegant rooms, single or en '
suite; furnished or unfurnished; references, j
FELL, 804, cor. Flllmore — 2 furnished rooms;
marine view; sunny; everything new; rea-
sonable.
FILBERT. 1210, half block Hyde-st. cars— 2
unfurnished rooms, first floor: garden; refs.
FILLMORE, 1722— To let, sunny furnished
room. - ,
FILLMORE, 2210— $10; 3 sunny unfurnished
rooms; yard.
FOLSOM, 813 — Furnished front room; slnglaft
FOURTH. 225 — Nice front room, suitable fori
two.
FULTON. 7, opposite City Hall— Two double
rooms; $11 and $14; to men only.
GEARY. 046— Nicely furnished room. $12; also
small room, $S; phone.
GOUGH. 730 — Sunny front room.
GRAND Southern, "th and. Mission — Rooms 33a
to $1 25 eight; $1 60 to $6 wk. : reading-room.
HAIOHT. 224 — Three nicely furnished room-
suitable for two or three adults. - .
HAMPTON place, 3, oft Folsom St., near Third
— Bay-window flat of v 3 rooms; rent $12.
HART Apartments, 750-760 Ellis St.— 3, and. 4
room apartments: modern: first class; will-
¦ rent to people .visiting city during summer
months; one room, ground floor, suitable for
business purposes.
HARRISON. 1114— Nicely furnished room,
suitable for two; gas, bath.
HAYES, 331 — Nice sunny front and back rooms !
with bath,- suitable for 1 or 2 In -private
family.
HAYES, 1747 — One furnished and one unfur-
nished room to let; bath; gas; sunny.
HOTEL DUFFERIN. 749 Ellis— Elegantly fur-
nished suites and single rooms.
HOWARD. 821— Nicely furnished room.
HOWARD, 1071 — Large light room; newly fur-
nished; private family; rent' reasonable.
HUMBOLDT. 2321— Sunny furnished room.
JESSIE, 3C3. near Emporium — Furnished room,
$5; large room, 2 beds,' $8.
JONES. 207 (Van Winkle)— Furnished sunny
rms.; suite or single: gents preferred: $2 up.
JONES,' 413, The Saphlre^ — Furnished rooms
en suite- or single.
LAGUNA, 1021 — 2 unfurnished rooms.
— — *¦ ' /
LARKIN, 70C — Ore back room.
LARKIN, 804— Large sunny room' for 2 gents;
1 $7 per month.
LARKIN, 1042 — Sunny front room, $7; use of
bath; no objections to housekeeping.
MARKET, 1654— Furnished rooms to let. /
MARKET. 1802— Furnished ¦ room.
MINNA. 420, between Fifth and Sixth— Fur-
nished rooms; good location.
MINNA. 172 — Neatly furnished rooms for
gentlemen.
MCALLISTER, SO— Sunny front room, well fur-
nished; gas, water; other rooms; central.
MCALLISTER, 757 — Sunny front room- In pri-
vate family.
MISSION. 1013. near 6th— Small front room;
gentlemen only; $5 month; gas; no sign.
MISSION, 1145"4 (The Estella)— Furnished
rooms.
MISSION, 2245— Two nice rooms; use of bath
and phone. - .
MISSION, 2562— Furnished room In private
family. /
NATOMA, 44SH— A nicely furnished front
room; suitable for one or two; gas;-$S & $io.
NATOMA. 615*4— Light housekeeping rooms.
NICE! . furnished room to let In desirable lo-
cality. Address box 462, Call. '
NINTH. 157— Nice sunny front room.
NORFOLK, 34, near Twelfth— Three nice
rooms; $7. ;¦ 4 . -.-
O'FARRELL, 1324"4— To let. sunny furnished
room.
PAGE, 278— 3 sunny rooms, bath adjoining-
$23. - -. . ' .
PINE, 1076— Very large room; stationary stand
bath, phone; One location; central. "
POLK. -611— Nicely furnished sunny rooms for
couple; $15 month; modern. '
POST. 889, near Hyde — Large furnished front
room: bath: gas; for 1 or 2 gents.
POWELL. SOfl— Single rooms for" gentlemen.
POWELL, ¦ 506— Sunny room far gentlemen.
•¦-'¦' ¦" ' - ¦ - . _ . •
POWELL, 506— Rooms for gentlemen.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $-
to $8; month. $8 to C30; elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SCOTT. 1810-^-Large furnished sunny front
room; bath, gas; $10. ¦
SECOND. 161. near Howard— Two nice sunny
front rooms; gas. , Please call Sunday or
Monday forenoon. . x .- .
SHOTWELL. 221/ bet. ' Sixteenth and -Seven-
:. tf* nth its.— A Sunny ; : furnished room to let.
SIXTH. 136— Furnished rooms; location cen-
tral; charges reasonable; cars pass ' door.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Vnforn.
SIXTH. 322— Nice sunny single furnished front j
room; $5 month; private family of one. |
SIXTH, B50— To let. sunny front room, > fur- .
nlshed. In private family. ' j
SIXTH. 142S — Rooms to let. .*";.' I
SIXTEENTH. 2905. near Howard — Newly fur-' i
nlshfd sunny rooms; reasonable. '
SIXTEENTH, 3C".V- New apartment; 8 single
rooms; cents only."
STEINER, 007 near Alamo rrjuare — Sunny fur- j
nisht-il room; private family; no sign. „ .
STEVENSON, Cjo — Sunny furnished room for i
two gentlemen. • . ;
TAYLOR, 513B — Large sunny parlor; piano;
$15: suitable for two; private family.
TAYLOR. 570 — Newly furnished eunny bay-
' window rooms: also hall bedroom for gent.
TAYLOR, 624. corner Sutler — Front bay-win-
dow room, $10; single front room. $3.
THE ST. KATHRYN, NE. cor. Leavenworth
and Ellis sts. — New; sunniest rooms In city; !
furnished fresh & clean.steam heat through- I
cut: every mod, convenience; $3 per week up. j
THE FALMOUTH. 1O49A Market St.— Sunny \
rooms; hot and cold water; elevator: $2 to $7. j
TURK. 520D— Sunny .flat. 4 rooms, bath, gas; ,
large basement; rent $16; no children.
TWELTH, 145 — Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping. >.'*•'-"-
TWELFTH, 232— Nicely furnished single front
room; $6 per month.
TWO nice sunny parlor rooms, furnished, with
piano. Box 2099, Call office. ..
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
' room*, S5c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elee-
' trie lights (no gas), running water In every
room: elcvator.read. -room; free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS ave., 407 — 2 sunny rooms; suitable
for gentlemen.
VAN. NESS. 417—2 pleaaant rooms la -aae-
ment. $1 and $1 25 per week.
VAN NESS. 715— To let, sunny furnished room.
VAN NESS ave., 928— Nicely furnished single
room; use of parlor; piano; phone; $7.
VAN NESS, 1008— Fine suite for doctor's office.
WALLER, 41S— Sunny front rbom to let.
WEBSTER. 711,- near Fulton— Newly furnished
room, with kitchen; rent 815.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
SSc to $1 50 night: $2 to JS week: elevator:
elec. lights; reading-room: free bus; baggage.
WOLF House, 202 Sixth st.— Rooms from 15c
to $1 per night and from POc to $5 per week.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch oftlce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
or advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened— aVJOOS Market st_ opposite Fifth.
Open until Til p. m. (
HOini.t AMI IIOAHD.
FURNISHED room and first-class board for
respectable young man with German family.
666 Hermann st.. bet. Flllmore and Stelner.
MODERN fiat sunny rooms with breakfast and
dinner, $20 per 'month. 1254 Eddy st., near
Jefferson square.
GEARY, 501— Hotel L'Alclon; family rooms
and board: entirely renovated; reasonable
prices.
GEARY, 1003 — Neatly furnished rooms, with
board; reasonable; home cooking; phone
Suttcr 1626.
LARGE front parlor, private family; newly
furnished, with good home cooking. Box
2087. Call. i
SCOTT. 132 — Lady can secure furnished room,
with breakfast and supper if desired. In pri-
vate family; all home comforts.
AITDUBON House. 1105 Hyde. cor. CallfornIZ
Now vacant, suite with board; reasonable.
A WELL furnished front room, or suite; ma-
rine view; excellent board. Box 312, Call.
AN elegant home for an old I&dy; terms reason-
able. Please call In forenoon, 38 Harriet st.
MISSION, 1030— Furnished room with board.
BUNNY rooms and board In Jewish family.
Box 2061, Call office.
CAPP, 816 — Nicely furnished front rooms; with
or without board. ' • ¦
NICE room and board In Jewish family. 1145
Turk st.
ROOM and board with Spanish family. 1105
Pay tt.
HOWARD. S^IA— First-class board and room,
single or double. $5-$6 wk. : American family.
IIOOMS A.VU BOARD. WASTED. -
WANTED — Rooms and board for 3 adults In
. central location, north of Market st. Box
667. CaU office.
ELDERLY Jewish lady wishes room and board
In Jewish family. 873 Mission st.
SINGLE room and board wanted In a first-
class hotel or boarding-house. Box 1SS. Call.
ROOMS fe BOARD WANTED — Country.
ROOM and board wanted in country In quiet' j
family for nurse and nervous patient. A. J.
M.. 1911 Vi Devlsadero st. I
ROOMS WANTED.
MAN wants empty room, not small. $3. In a
4-room flat and small family; ground floor
or next and rear. Box 2006. Call office.
WANTED— By man and wife, 2 or 3 unfur-
¦ nlshed rooms. June 10; state location and
price. Box 579. CaU.
WANTED — To rent suite of rooms, modern and
all conveniences. Box 566. Call office.
FURNISHED room wanted; must be reason-
able. Box 186. CaU office.
ST. -.POTS BOA-tDI-rO AND ROOMS.
STOP with a Callfornian 'while In St. Louis
and be treated like home folks; beet accom-
modations; write ahead. G. B., 7G0 Aubcrt
St.. St. Louis.
RESTAUIIAXTS. ;
WANTED — To buy a restaurant close In; no
agents. Box 722. IOCS Market et.
¦TORAGK AND WAllUIKllSKI.
A^ci^^RT^STOLL^tor-ge Co!; storage^
packing, shipping warehouse. O. O. and Vaa
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel. South 750.
A — EMPORIUM Storage * Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored, moved, 723-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third: phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage * Moving Co.. of.
flee Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prtv. Ex. 57 L
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 128.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 840
Mission at.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 291.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
. St.; tel. Main 184a Shipping at cut rates.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 panes In wrapper, for -la'llnr. $t per vear I
¦¦„ '— '
SPECIAL NOTICES.
..», l ¦- >¦¦ ~ ¦ «~- «¦¦ ' '..
Ladles! Chlchester's English Pennyrora! Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
In letter by return mall. Ask your -1rue< st.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia, Pa.
ftKWIKG >IACU»g» AXP 1 ! 1 * 1 - 118 '*-
W1LLCOX & GIBBS
"AUTOMATIC"
SEWINO MACHINE.
334 POST ST..
PHONE BUSH 9.
The highest grade article^ of mechanism
ever Invented or manufactured for the pur-
pose of sewing. SOLD EXCLUSIVELY bjc
the WILLCOX & GIBBS S. M. CO., who have'
made the word "Automatic" (as applied to
their sewin* machines) famous. BUSINESS
ESTABLISHED 1850.
BUY THE BEST— RENT THE BEST— "The
White Is King" of all sewing machines. We
are closing out a lot of new machines that
are slightly shop worn at H and 1-3 regular
prices. San Francisco offices. 300 Post St.;
1841 Fillmore st. and 708 Valencia st.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best I
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic offlce/_1021iIarket»t^nearSlxtB.
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed m_-
, chines; slightly used; $10. $15. $20; second-
' hand. $3. $3. $S; *lt styles; guaranteed. Nf-r
Home Sewing Machine, Co.. 1051 Market st.
"SALE" of Domestic sewing machines: latest
style (20); no reasonable offer refused. 1571
Market at.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent . to any address In tha
United -tates or Canada one year for $L i
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISZS to BAB*
positively cured; new methods: 1 weers treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlng-am. 204 Sottcr st. .
T v 1>K *v» 1TERS -V? p SPF _ 1 ! LJ *_ E :||;_
A^r^xMpUonally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier, $25: other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. Tn«
Typewriting. Exchange. 636 California st.
A~FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars cfU&M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
uiviukau floxicici
BAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Ilomi Build-
ing Society, 5th floor. Mutual Savings Ban*
building 70S Market St., opposite Third—
For the" half yea- eedlns; 31st of December.
1903 a dividend has been declared at UM
rate' /per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificates.
tree of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY January X 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD' Manager. HUOH CRAIO. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con.: A' dividend. No. 66. of fifty
cents (50c) per share on the issued capital
stock of the company has b*en declared, pay-
able at the office of the company, rooms 202.
204 end 208. Hayward building. San Fran-
cisco on June 10. 1DO4. Transfer books clos«
June 3. 1904. at noon. C. C. QUINN. Sectary.
LEGAL ADV-KTlaKJlKXTi.
No'UCfc: — Office of Insurance Commissioner.
Ean Prandsco. Cal.. May 11. liXM — Having
ascertained that the capital stock of Us*
Union Surety and Guaranty Company has
become Impaired, and that said company has
become Insolvent within the true Intent aad
meaning of the Insurance laws of the State-
of California. I have this day revoked Its
certificate of authority, previously granted,
as provided In section COO of the Political
Code, and notice Is hereby given that said
company Is no longer authorized to transact
the business of Insurance within this State.
K. MYRON WOLF. Insurance Commissioner.
NOTICE! — 1 hereby notify all creditors to pre-
sent their bills within three days of June 3.
J. DOUOHARTY. 1330 Minna at.
BO-TP3 7OB 5AT-E.
7 PER CENT
We have a limited number of bonds, secured
by a first mortgage on the property of a
large substantial manufacturing concern that
we offer In denominations of $10,000 or any
multiple thereof. The total bond Issue Is
about 33 per cent of the value of the security.
Parties having funds to Invest In bonds bear-
ing Interest at the rate of 7 per cent per
annum and payable aeml-annually should ln-
ve-tlgate this. Box 1S24. Selma. Cal.
BTOCX rOB BALI. •
BERING Eea Salraon Packing Co. will s«!l *
limited number of shares of preferred stock
and guarantee 16 per cent; safe investment.
4C2 Front st, San Francisco. CaL; phona
James 6671.
PROPOSAL-.
PROPOSALS — State Prison Supplies — Sealed
proposals will be received at the office of
the Clerk at the State Prison. San Quentln.
until 10:30 a. m.. SATURDAY, the 18th day
of June. 1904. and at the office of the Cleric
of the State Prison tit Folsom until 9:30 a.
m.. SATURDAY, the 25th day of June.
1904. at which times and places they will
be opened in the presence of bidders, for
furnishing and delivering supplies for said
prisons, consisting of subsistence stores,
forage, fuel fuel oil. furnishing power to
run the Jute mill and electrical appliances
for jute mill at San Quenttn, clothing, med-
icines, lime, cement and other staple sup-
plies, from July 1, 1904, to June 30. 1908. In-
clusive, on conditions as per printed sched-
ules which will be furnished upon applica-
tion at either of the above offices. No bid
will be considered unless made uson said
schedules, nor unless, accompanied by th«
certified check therein required, nor from
any other parties than bona fide dealers In
the classes of articles to be furnished. Each
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check upon some well known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent cf the amount of his bid. payable to
the President of the Board, conditioned that
the bidder will enter Into a contract upon
notice of acceptance, as required by law.
Bids for either prison must be marked sep-
arately. AH payments made on contract win
be paid in cash or Controller's warrants.
Bidders will carefully follow the conditions
of the schedules. The Board reserves tha
right to reject any or all bids, as the publlo
Interest may require, and to order _ny quan-
tity over or under the amount specified.
R. M. FITZGERALD. President. J. M.
OLJVER.-Clerk.
NOTICE to bidden — Sealed proposals win b*
received until June 21. 1904. at 7:30 o'clock
p. m.. by the Council of the City ot Eureka
tor $50uo 4 4 per cent Forest Park Improve-
ment bonds; $100, COO 4><j per cent City Hail
bonds: $15.0CK> 4Vj per cent fire apparatu-
purcbase bonds, and $35.0CO 4Vj per cent
kewer completion bonds, nsued by tha city
of Eureka under the act of the Legislature
of t-e State cf California of February 25.
1901 (Statutea 1001, page 27). They will be In
denomination as follows: Forest Park Im-
provement bonds. )125; City Hall bonds.
$500; fire apparatus purchase bonds, $375.
and sewer completion bonds. $375; said bonds
will be dated en or after July 1. 1004. Prin-
cipal and Interest payable at the office of
the City Treasurer of the city of Enreka.
Interest payable seml-annually. en»-fortlet!i
of principal payable annually, all In United
States gold coin. All bids must be accompa-
nied by a certified check for 0 per cent of
the bid payable to the Mayor of the city of
Eureka. State of California. The city of
Eureka contains a population of 11.0OO. as-
tessed valuation $5.800.(HX>. with present
bonded indebtedness of J101>._ 50, Incurred la
1902. J. P. WUNDERLICH. City Clerk.
Office of C. Q. M., Vancouver Barrack*.
Wash.. May 10, 1904. Sealed proposals, la
triplicate, will be received here until 11 a, m..
June 9. 1904. and then opened, for construct-
ing Electric Lighting System at this post.
For full Information apply at this office, op
to the Chief Quartermaster. Pullman Build-
ing. Chicago, cr Depot Quartermaster Army
Building, New York. U. S. reserves the right
to reject any or all bids or accept any part
thereof. Envelopes containing proposals should!
be marked: "Proposals for Electric Lighting
at Vancouver Barracks, Wash.," and addressed
to underslirned. F. G. HODGSON. C. Q. M.
m'PTEKISfl JJID ITAM-EHKli.
AT Melbourne Institute. Van Ness * Market.
la taught celebrated Melbourne system: only
Melbourne In U. S.; private: established 3
years In S. F. Tel. 'Mint 2tCft from 1 to 8 p.m.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Otto Palmberg. 27, 176"-i Shipley street, and
Lizzie Ingeman, 23, 176*^ Shipley street.
Benny Lachman. 30. 1-1 Rusa street, and)
Millie Friedman. 24, 121 Russ street.
Herbert D. Kernan. 21. 1510 Broadway, anl
Alice L. Raffestln, 16, 252 Chenery street.
Ralph T. Stone. 21. San Luis Obispo. and]
Laura L. Sprague. 21. S36 Shrader street.
JameS H. Oliver, 44. Iron Mountain, and]
Lena. F. Blumb. 40, Shasta.
Ranko Petkovlts. CO. Seattle, and Mary
Doyle, 25. 132 Oermanla. avenue.
Charles Zumbach. 21. 613 Stockton street.
and Josephine Larralllet. 20, 3121 Sacramento.
Warren W. Bates, 24. Mountain View, and
Beatrice Rocca. 20, Santa Clara.
Arthur D. Layne, 29. 250 Clement street, and
Alice M. Cuneo. 20, 004 Clement street.
John T. Murphy, 27 Vallejo, aad Lillian L.
Greenwell. 25, Vallejo.
Frank Delrosa, 49. 2SS Montgomery avs.. and
Francesca Glambra. 33, 23S Montgomery ave,
Joseph Roetbel. 27. city, and Ann* C. Koch.
22. city.
Clarence C. McMulIen, 23. 713 Point Lobe*
avenue, and Ethel Scrivener, IS, Sl» Point
Lobos avenv e.
John J. Davis. 43. 1192 Mission street, and
Marion Mueller. 40. 1192 Mission street.
WllKam H. Yeaw. 70. Mountain View, and
Emily Jcrden, 60. 1344 Hyde street.
Vicente F. de Cmleya. 22, 1S23 CTay street,
and Romilda . Tonint. 19. 1312 Lemvenworth, • _
BIRTHS— MARRUGES— DEATHSL ¦
Birth, marriage and death notice* sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and b«
Indorsed with the. nam« and residence of per-
sons authortxed to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published one* In this columa
free of chare*.
ARNOLD— In this city. May 24. 1904. to th*
wife of Albert II. Arnold, a daughter.
BURKETT— In this city. June 3. 1804. to th_
wife of David S. Burkett. a son.
CONNELLY— In this city. May 31. 1904. t»
the wife of 'Thomas J. Connelly, a son.
DEALEY— In thl» city. June 2 190*. to th«
wife of C. AUen Dealer, a .aughter.
KEI1-— In thla/city. May 21, 1904. to the wlfa
of Edw. A. Keil, a son.
LAMEY— In this city. May 26. 190*. to tha
.wife of Thomas J. Lamey. a daughter.
McDONELL— In this city. May 31. 1901. to th»
wife of M. L. McDonell. a son.
MURRAY— In this city. May 27. 1904. to th»
wife ot Peter A. Murray, a son. "
O'NEILL— In Oakland Cal.. May 31. 1904. to
the wife of J. F. O'Neill, a son.
SUORUE— In this city. June 1. 1904. to the.
wife of D. J. Sugrue ot Point Richmond, a
• daughter.
VAN TRIGUT— In this city, Juna 1. 1904. to
tho wife of F. Van Trlght. a son. ;
MARRIED.
BRTCE— SUMNEP.— In this cltj, Jum 4, 1904,"I don't dare to tell madame how finer
she looks in that gown," said the
modiste, standing off to admire it. "It
would turn her head."
"But I want to make it turn otheri
women's heads," protested the stately J
dame, frowning at herself .in the mir
ror.—Baltimore American.
There, is a big boom in potatoes Lin
colnshire way, and the hearts* of the
raisers rejoice. A Sheffield- gentleman
has just invested In a quantity of "Sut
ton's new discovery" at 7s 6d (J4 20) a
pound. That seems a fairly good price
for potatoes of any sort, but even that
long figure is easily beaten. In Peters
borough market the other day one
pound of Eldorado potatoes fetched
£100 (J487). The owner who sold the
Sheffield gentleman bis little lot writes
him that there has been on his premises
a raiser who declined £30 ($146) for a
singe potato of that variety. Even
this price was eclipsed at the Smith
field show the other day, when a firm
of Tork potato merchants sold four
pounds of Eldorados at tjie rate of £150
($728) a pound. This is reckoned to
work out at £336.000 ($1,635,144) a ton,
or about tbrlce their weight in gold.
The raiser, it might be added, declined
an otter of £70 ($341) for a single speci
men of the Eldorado.— Sheffield (Eng
land) Telegraph.
Valuable Rind of Potatoes.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Passed Nantucket lightship at
7:40 p m, June 4, stmr Umbrla, from Queens
town.
Arrived June 4— Stmr Mongolian, from Glas
gow; ttmr La Lorraine, from Havre; stmr St.
Paul, from Southampton. . . ¦
Sailed June 4 — Stmr ! Germanic, for Cher
bourg and Southampton; stmr Victoria, for
Plymouth, Cherbourg and Hamburg; ptmr Lu
canla, for Liverpool; stmr Mlnnetonka, for
London: etmr Vaderland. for Antwerp; atmr
Ethiopia, for Glasgow.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived June 8 — Stmr Ces
trlan. for Boston.
Sailed June 4 — Stmr Campania, for New
York. . .
¦ GLASGOW — Arrived June S — Stmr Cecllian,
from Montreal and Quebec.
HAVRE— Sailed June' 4— Stmr La Gaacogne.
for New York. \
ANTtt'EUP- Sailed June 4 — Stmr Zeeland,
for New York.
CHERBOURG— Arrived June 8 — Stmr
Bluecher. from New York, via Plymouth for
Hamburg, and proceeded.
Sailed June 3— Stmr Hamburg, for South
ampton and New York. June 4 — Stmr Phila
delphia from Southampton, for New York.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed June 4— Etmr Rotter
dam, fftr New York.
NAPLES— Sailed June 4 — Stmr Sardeffna, for
Nice. • . :
YOKOHAMA — Arrived prior June 4 — Stmr
America Maru. from' San Francisco, via Hono
lulu, for Hongkong; stmr Tremont, from Ta
coma for Manila. • • . .
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived June 4— Stmr St.
Louje. from New York. yJa Plymouth and
Cherbourg, and passed ' Hurst Castle at 6:50
p. m.
LONDON— Sailed June 4— Stmr Minneapo
lis, for New York.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
"In return for this service the im
perial Government bound itself to pay
a yearly subvention of 4,400,000 marks
($1,047,200), payable in monthly in
stallments.
"To-day .the German East Africa
line is sending a steamer from Ham
burg every four weeks around the Afri
can continent. Once a month the
steamers make the circuit sailing to
the westward and once a month sail
in? through the Suez canal.
"In December, 1901, the Imperial
chancellor for the Postoffice Bureau
entered into an agreement with the Ja
luit Company of '- Hamburg, under
which, the said company, the owner of
large plantations In Australasia, bound
Itself, for a period of three years, to
make at least three round trips annu
ally between Sydney, and the German
colonies, New Guinea and the Caroline,
Mariana and Marshall Islands. In con
sideration for this service the company
was to receive the sum of 120,000 marks
($23,560) per annum. Formerly the
North German Lloyd maintained this
service, securing the .sum of 90,000
marks ($21,420) per annum, as Indemni
ty from the Imperial Postoffice Bureau.
The Diet has I made appropriation for
this service. The funds are taken from
the : postal ;- receipts and charged^ to a
so-called indemnity account. In like
manner a contract has been made with
the JWoermarin line of Hamburg, ac
cording to which the said line, in con
sideration : of j 10,500 marks ($2499) per
annum, agrees to maintain a four
weeks' steamer service between Cape
Town ! and ! Swakopmund, each trip of
whicJvis not to take longer than seven
days in" either direction."— Washington
Star. .
minimum speed of thirteen knots an
hour on the main lines and twelve
knots an hour on the branch lines. Ar
rangements were also made for the
transportation of troops, marines, sail
ors, officers ,and civil officials, as well
as ammunition,, at special rates. Cer
tain wares — articles of export — were
also to be allowed favorable rates.
A Yearly Subvention.
There is just one little, tiny, infini
tesimal error in the assumption that
our primordial ancestors lived entirely
upon uncooked fruits and nuts, a trif
ling miscalculation which vitiates the
conclusion that what met our wants
when we dangled head downward
from a tree limb will meet our wants
now that we have been turned t'other
end up. No animal lives exclusively
on vegetable or animal food. What's
a chicken, carnivorous or graminivor
ous? Graminivorous, of course. It
lives upon corn and oats and wheat,
the seeds of plants, grass blades, the
lettuce that you expected to eat, and
all such. Yes, well./ Tou keep them
on that diet and see how many eggs
you get. And then you give them beef
scraps with their grain and notice the
difference — Everybody's Magazine.
Fruit and Xut Fiends.
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Ask.| Bld.Ask.
Colehan — 07|Ray & OBrlen 06 07
Esperanza ... — 02( Rescue 05 07
Gold Anchor. 21 29 Ton Belmont.. 67 «9
Gold M Con. 01 02|Ton Cash Boy — 25
Jim Butler... 30 —Ton Exten.... 95 1 05
Lucky Tom.. — 03|Ton Gold M.. 11 14
MacNamara . 18 20 Ton Midway. . 36 37
Mlzpah Ex .. 10 — Ton of Nev. 7 75 8 12%
Mont Ton..l 90 1 02% Ton N Star.. 27 28
Paymaster ..06 071
SATURDAY, June 4—12 m.
Bld.Ask.] Bld.Ask.
Alpha 10 12| Justice 13 14
Alta 07 C9iKentuck . 02 04
Andes 15 lclKeyes Graea.. — 1 <o
Belcher 26 2S|Lady Wash .. — 08
Best & Helen. 1 25 1 30 Mexican 1 25 1 30
Bullion 12 14!Occldemal .... 79 81
Caledonia ... 78 79JOphir 4 7ft 4 ",
Challenge Con 18 20| Overman 29 30
Chollar 18 19| Potosl is 19
Confidence ... 90 95| Scorpion 10 18
Con C II Va.l 40 1 45lSavage 27 28
Con Imperial. 01 02|Seg Belcher .. 09 11
Con NY 03 CO! Sierra Ncv .. 34 :<5
Crown Point. 16 171 Stiver Hill .. 4(1 4'»
Eaet Sierra N 06 — iSv Louis .... 09 10
Eureka Con.. — 50!Syndtcat« 03 04
Exchequer .. 40 42! Union Con ..48 49
Gould & Cur. 24 2.11 Utah 15 16
Hale & Norc. 75 801 Yellow Jacket. • 17 10
Julia 07 09|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonop»h Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning; Session.
600 Brunswick .. 1511250 Rescue 06
17.600 MacNamara 20| 200 Ton Be'mont.. «J8
5000 MacNamara . 10J 000 Ton Belmont.. 07
800 Mon: Ton..l 02 >4 1 1750 Ton Midway.. :iti
100 Mont Ton ...I 051 400 Ton N Star.. 23
700 Mont Ton ...1 00|
PACIFIQ STOCK EXCHANGE,
Following were the sales on' the Paclflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Alpha ....... .10! 200 Mexican ......1 30
700 Belcher ...... 27[ 300 Ophir 4.75
200 Bullion 12| 150 Ophlr 4 70
200 Con C A Va.l 45; BOO Overman ..... 30
100 Crown Point. 171 200 Scorpion ; 17
100 Exchequer . . 30| 700 Sierra Nev . . 34
100 Exchequer . . 40i 10U Silver Hill . . 47
500 Hale & Nora 731 4*0 Silver Hill .. 48
100 Justice 121 400 Union Con .. 4i»
200 Mexican ...1 32 Hi
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Bullion 121 300 Ophlr 4 75
200 Chollar .. 18! 100 Overman 30
200 Con C &. Va.l 43 200 Potosl IT
100 Crown Point. 17| 400 Potosl IS
SCO Gould & Cur. 24: 200 Savage 26
200 Gould & Cur. 231 SCO Seg Uelcher . . 10
300 Julia CSi 100 Sierra Nev .. 35
200 Mexican 1 25| 400 Union Con .. 4s)
200 Ophir 4 70| 100 Yellow Jacket. 18
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page 41.
Even vulcanized rubber, which, owing
to the sulphuric process to which it was
subjected, was formerly valueless, i3
now subjected to a process which re
juvenates it and makes it fit to be
worked up again for the purposes of the
manufacturer. Immense quantities of
this product, which formerly was as
signed to a rubbish heap, are now
treated and admixed with a certain
percentage of new gum, enough to
cheapen the price of moat rubber goods
turned out by the manufcturers to-day.
Old rubber, however, can be used by
itself without any addition of fresh
gum, the process of treatment being a
simple one.
Worn-out rubber, like worn-out sil
ver, is something that does not exist
in these days. Ever since the advent of
bicycles and motor cars, both of which
drew heavily on the world's rubber
supply, and ever since the hundred
and one uses to which rubber is put
in connection with electricity, the ma
terial has become more and more scarce
and valuable, so that even the old rub
ber shoe and the worn-out rubber boot
may throw out their chests in pride at
being worth really something. Noth
ing containing rubber is discarded
nowadays. The old rubber coat over
which the spring tires of a motor car
may run on a country road to-day may
some day find a nesting place in the
soft tresses of a woman's hair, after
having been transformed Into a hand
some comb.
Xo Worn-Out Rnbber.
SANTA CRUZ, June 4. — The funeral
of Dr. George L. Fitch, who died at
Belmont, was held this afternoon from
the residence of his parents. He was
58 years of age and a native of Delhi,
N. Y. He came to California in 1866.
For five years he resided at Honolulu
and was Government physician to the
Queen. He was for a time in charge
of the leper settlement at Molokai.
Funeral of Dr. Fitch.
"My boys, tell me, now. why did
you jump off and on those cars? You
knew that you might have a leg or
an arm cut off. didn't you? You
might have been killed. Now. you
haven't any more arms and legs than
you need, have, you? Don't you see
that It's very foolish of you to put
yourself in danger in that manner?"
Sitting in the little waiting room
of the court half an hour later, both
boys were silent. They had' evidently
been pondering over the words of the
Judge. Not so much reverence as
might have been expected was heard
in the voice of the smaller boy as he
suggested to the other:
"Huh! Bet that's how the Judge
lost his own ' arm." — -Indianapolis
News. . .
Two small boys stood before Judge
Stubbs of the juvenile court. They
gazed tearfully into his earnest, yet
kindly face, and, not too badly fright
ened to understand, grasped the im
port of the lecture.
Effect of Moral Teaching on Youth.
Mrs. Sophie S. Zelle. wife of Fred
erick W. Zelle, president of the Mer
cantile Trust Company, passed away
at the family home, 2023 California
street. Mrs. Zeile was well known
throughout ,the city by her lovable
traits and fine character. She was
born in San Francisco about forty
years as:o, was reared here and spent
the greater part of her life In the city.
She was a sister of Mrs. James Free
born 1 Mrs. E. W. Hopkins, Henry
Smith and the late Mrs. E. J. de
Sta. Marina. The bereaved husband
and two children .survive her. The
funeral will be held at 11:30 o'clock
to-morrow morning at Trinity Epis
copal Church, 1626 Bush street.
Mrs. F. W. Zeilc Dead.
"Only-4ince the last foundation of the
German empire in 1871 has it been pos
sible to even think of 'shipping politics,'
or. an Imperial maritime policy. Dur
ing the flrsj fifteen years of this new
empire the protection afforded to Ger
man shipping Interests was more of
the nature of a' passive than a positive
one. In v 1881, ten years after the Ger
man confederacy had .. been founded.
Prince Bismarck, then Chancellor of
the empire, presented a memorandum
to the Reichstag that provision be made
for the payment of an annual sum
to steamship companies. Such a. bill,
having "first been introduced in the year
1884, was finally passed on the 6th of
April, 1885. It provided that the Im
perial chancellor be authorized to make
an agreement with steamship compa
nies to establish, for a period of fifteen
years, a steamship service between Ger
many, China, Japan and Australia.
Shortly afterward the imperial chan
cellor "(Bismarck) made a contract
with the North German Lloyd and the
Hamburg-American line for a fort
nightly steamship service, three-fourths
of which were to ply from Bremen, un
der the .Lloyd, and one-fourth from
Hamburg, under the Hamburg- Ameri
can, to China and Japan; a monthly
service between Bremen and Australian
ports,, as well. as two branch lines— one
maintaining', regular ; monthly sailings
from Hongkong, China, to German and
Dutch ports in Australasian waters and
the other a bi-weekly, service from
Trieste to Alexandria vla^Brlndlsl. The
ships for these lines were required' to
be built in German shipyards, of steel,
and to have at least 6000 r*;tric tons
register They were to maintain a
"On' the other hand, however, the de
velopment of the United States, the
emancipation of the Spanish colonies,
the recognition of property rights on
the high seas by the taking of extreme
measures to prevent piracy, and the
Paris declaration of 1856, forbidding
privateering, were important factors In
fostering the growth of the merchant
marine of the German states. The
great progress which has been made in
the means in communication has also
furthered it, there being more or less
of a reciprocal action between the
growing industries and the means of
transportation. The Increase in the
former, creating a demand for tech
nical improvements In the latter, has
necessarily led to the establishment of
new maritime enterprises. In addition
to the above there are two other fac
tors which have had a far-reaching ef
fect upon Germany's merchant marine,
namely, the economical and political
confederations Into which the German
states formed themselves. The forma
tion of the 'Zollvereln* (German cus
toms union) in 1828, of which all the
German states have finally become
members, making it possible for com
mercial treaties to be made with for
eign powers— a thing which was for
merly Impossible — Is that referred to as
economical confederation. The political
consolidation consisted in the German
states being formed into an empire,
which enabled the imperial government
to further the common Interests of the
states by encouraging foreign trade,
by granting export premiums and
granting direct or Indirect subventions,
to establish ocean steamship lines."
Shipping: Politics.
"Not only was the Napoleonic epoch
disastrous to European industries, but
commercial interests were seriously
crippled thereby. The continental sys
tem (November 21, 1806), as well as the
compulsory military service system, In
troduced by the French Emperor, was
extremely detrimental to the shipping
trade. With the downfall of Napoleon
(1815), (he first Impetus was given to
the numerous German states toward
maritime navigation. The growth
thereof was at first slow. Tin English
navigation act, which was finally re
pealed In 1819, and the unfavorable
maritime laws of the Netherlands and
Spain occasioned this slow develop
ment. Again, all ships, many of which
were German, had to pay. Denmark
'sound dues' for the use of the Baltic
Sea up to the year 1857, when they were
abolished, only, however, after Den
mark had been handsomely compen
sated for the loss of her ' monopoly.
Hamburg Vas additionally handicap
ped until lS61by the levying of a toll
by the kingdom of Hanover upon all
boats on the Elbe; as was Bremen, in
the same manner, until 1821, the. Grand
Duchy of Oldenburg collecting toll from
all craft plying upon the Weser."
Regarding the growth of the Indus
try under the German methods of pro
moting its usefulness, he says:
Growth of Merchant 3Iarlnc.
Napoleonic Epoch Disastrous.
"Germany, of all world powers, with
the exception of Russia and Austria, is
the one with the poorest natural
means of communicating by sea with
the outside world. ; However, in spite
of this (act she holds to-day an envia
ble position In the world's carrying
trade. She Is advancing in the science
of traffic upon the high seas, under
difficulties of no small proportions,
faster and more effectively than any
other power. The Germans consider
that the paramount factor In develop
ing a country's foreign trade is, per
haps, the merchant marine, and that it
is just as neceesary to foster foreign
trade as to encourage home Industries.
An extensive report has been received
by the Department of Commerce and
Labor from United States Consul
Brainard H. Warner Jr. at Lelpsig.
Germany, dealing with the German
merchant marine. The report gives a
history of the methods in operation in
that country in assisting the merchant
marine of the empire to maintain a
high standard of development. . It deals
with every phase of the system, both
on inland waters and in intercontinen
tal traffic, gives a careful review of the
shipbuilding operations of the country
and shows the financial conditions of
all the companies operating from Ger
man seaports. Consul Warner begins
by saying:
A call was sent for a neighboring fire
company, and a ladder was raised
against the side of the building where
Saeger clung to the sign. Marshal Sey
ferllch mounted the ladder and at
tempted to loosen Saeger's hold, but
Saeger clung to the board. With the
aid of an ax handle the firemen finally
broke Saeger's grip.
Saeger threw his body against the
ladder and the fireman barely saved
himself from falling. Saeger was then
drawn into the hotel and taken to the
police station. He fought violently all
the way.
CHICAGO. June 4.— Otto Saeger at
tempted to Jump from a third-story
window of the Northland Hotel. 26
North Clark street, early to-day, but
he was grasped by the legs and saved
from death by two men. Saeger's
weight drew the men down to the win
dow sill and their holds were strained,
but they clung to his feet almost fif
teen minutes, unable to draw him back
into the window. When Saeger's down
ward flight was checked he seized a
signboard that "was within his reach
and held to it with a tenacious grip.
He not only checked the efforts of his
would-be rescuers, but made their task
doubly difficult by Jerking and kicking.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Numerous correspondents have asked
for information as to the pronunciation
of the names which figure in the' war
news. It ; would be impossible in any
brief compass to give satisfactory rules
for ths pronunciation of Russian
names. Generally speaking the vowels
are sounded as follows: "A" as in
"far"; "e" as in "met";."i" as In "ma
chine"; "o" as in "tone"; "u" as in
"rude." Initial "o" often has the sound
of "a"; thus "Orion"' is sounded as
though spelled "Arloff." An "e" in a
final syllable often has the sound ot
"yo" in "yoke," so that "pravezh" is
spoken as though spelled "pravyozh."
The consonants have much the same
force as in English— "ch" as in
"church"; "sh" as in "wish": "kh" as
"ch" in the German "lch"; "ff" as "v";
final "z" as "ss." So far as Japanese,
Chinese and Korean names are con
cerned similar rules prevail. In the
original the names are not spelled at
all, but are expressed with word signs.
In English, therefore, they have been
expressed phonetically. They are thus
to be pronounced as they are spelled.
Many of them havrf alternative spelling
but these need caus"e no uncertainty as«
to the pronunciation, since the various
spellings all express the same sounds.
Thus Che-Foo Is also spelled Chl-Fu.
But we need only to remember that the
"i" in the latter form has the con
tinental sound of long "e" to perceive
that both forms are sounded the same,
as though spelled Chee-Foo. So Kin-
Chow Is also spelled Kln-Chau. But
the latter Is a German form and in
German "au" Is sounded like "ow" in
English.— New York Tribune.
Russian Pronunciation.
Interesting Report From
American Consul Showing
How Business Is Heiped
Would-Be Suicide Fights
Desperately to Break the
Grip of His Two Kescuers
MANY CAUSES ASSIGNED
CAUGHT BY THE LEGS
Chicago Hotel Guest Tries
to Jump to Sidewalk From
a Third - Story Window
How Her Merchant Marine
Has Increased Within the
Last Hundred Years
Marsh, when very young, enlisted in
the war between the United States and
Mexico. Besides being a Mexican vet
eran he was a pioneer of the State. He
came to California in 1$52, and imme
diately engaged' in mining and was
successful in his enterprise. Leaving
the mines, he settled in Saratoga in
1854, and there had ever since resided,
except for a short period In the latter
fifties, when he engaged in the fur
industry In the Northwest Territory.
While so engaged he located the now
valuable island which bears his name.
SAN JOSE, June 4.— Thomas E.
Marsh, a pioneer of Santa Clara Coun
ty, died fast night at his home in Sara
toga. His death was unexpected. He
complained some during the past week,
but the doctor in attendance . did not
consider his illness serious. He was 77
years old, but was hearty to within a
few days of big death. He leaves a
wife and three children, Mrs. J. ' R-
Welch, Thomas W. Marsh, a son, re
siding in Colusa County, and Camelia
Marsh.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GERMAN GROWTH
IN SEA TRADE
COURTS DEATH
WHILE CRAZED
DEATH CALLS
VETERAN OF
MEXICAN WAR
BURGLAR. SURRENDERS I
AT SIGHT OF A GUN |
Resident In San v Jose Suburbs Dis
covers a Criminal Ransacking
His Home. '•.
SAN JOSE, June 4.— Ferdinand j
Tlbbett, residing in the western su- j
burbs of this city, discovered a burg-!
lar In his home shortly after 7 o'clock ;
this He went to the ,resi- •
dence ' of Percy George' near by, bor- j
rowed shotgun and,
returning; stole upon the burglar, .who
was ransacking the house for valu
ables. Tibbett surprised the intruder
by thrusting the muzzle of the gun
in his face and commanding him to
throw ud , his hands. The burglar
quickly obeyed and a' policeman was
called to arrest him.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 5, 190*.
47
First Esqulmu ux School In the
. Arctic Zone.
NEXT SUNDAY CAJLL.
RAILWAY TRAVEL
||caufo'"nia |1
ffl LIMITED TO CHICACO I
i LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS 11
|3 at »:30 *. m., thxonrH in 3 <*a.y«, M
»| with diner aad all trapplny. g
Other Saata re Trains:
T :30 a.m.] for Stockton. Freeno. Bakenfleld.
'loop", ntj Merced. Hanford and Ylamila.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET orriCES — 641 Market St. aad
Terry Depot, 8. 7. AI»o Ilia Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 27 South Plrit SU
Baa Jo«e. ,
CALlfORNU N0RTHWESTE2N BY. CO.
LESSEE
UH FRANCiSCu l.NU NORTH PACIFIC
SAILWAT COMPAVT. , ;
Tlonroa Terry. Poot of Market Street.
SAN 7SAVOZSCO TO SAW UATAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. S:00. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.;
12:35. 2:30, 3:40. 5:10, 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30, 8:00. »:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAW RAFAEL TO SAW yBAWCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:05. e:50. 7:35. 7:50. 9:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. t2:00. 3:40. 6:00. 5:20.
6:25 p. tn. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45
SUNDAYS— «:50. 7:35, 9:20.' 11:15 a. m.. 1:45.
3:40. 4:50; 5:00. 5:20. 6:25. 7:50 p. m. \Ex-
cept Saturdays. -
Leave. J In Effect J Arrive
San Fran. | May 1. 1804. f San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week'
Days. I daya. | Uon. | daya. | Daye.
7730a 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30 a 8:00 a 8:40a 8:40a
8:00 a 9:30 a Ifsado. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
8:45 p
7:30 a 7:30a ; 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00a 8:00a Novato, 10:20a 10:20a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5. :1< L? Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
7:30 a 7l30a , 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:45 p 7:25 p
Windsor,
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburg. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle. 7:25 p 7:25 p
Cloverdale. !
~7:30a| 7:30a| HopUnd ~]i6:2Oa|l6:2O a
2:30p|2:30p| and Uklah. |7:25p|7:25p
I I Wllllta, I I
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Sherwood. ( 7:25 p[ 7:25 p j
8:00 al 8:00 al Gurneville and 110:20 a|10:20"a
2 :30 p| 2:30 p| Camp Vacation. | 8:45 p| 6:20 p
"o:00"at 8:00 a 8:40a 8:40 a
6:10 pj 0:30 a Sonoma. 6:00 p 6:20 pi
1 I 5:10 pf Glen Ellen. 8:45 p ; [
7:30 al 7:30 al '¦ |10:20a]10:20 a i
2:30 p| 2:30 pi Sebastopol. (7:2Sp| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Roea'ftnr White i
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Burke # s Sanitarium; at Lytton for;
Lytton Springs; at Oeyservllle for Skarr* ;
Springs: at Clorerdale for the Geysere, Boone-
vllle and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan i
Springs Highland Springs, Kelaeyvllle, Car!*- i
had Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett i
Springs; at»Uklah for Vichy Kprlng-s, Saratoga !
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Llerley*a. Buckneirs, I
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr"a Hot
Springs, Halfway House. Comptche, Camp
Stevens. 'Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragr ;
Westport. Usal: at Wllllts for Fcrt Bragg' !
Westport. Sherwood, Cahto, Covelo. Layton-
?ille. Cummins. Belts Springs. Harris. Ol- >
sens. Dyer. Garbervllle. Pepperwood. ScoUa !
and Eureka. . ¦ • I
- Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. . .
On Sunday* — Round-trip ticket* to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
'Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pus Agt. '
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
y£«TH^v Trslas loavrw aad are ««•
tag||gZj 8AN FRANCISCO.
yo\*gL/ty T *° M Jvit * *• 190C
N^o | T*wrr Ditot
— "^ (Toot ot Market Street.)
«•"«-« - MAIN LINE. -»»w'
7 COa V»c»Tlllt.. Winter*. Bum»ey_ 7-50»>
7 00a Bealda. Sultan. Elmlra aad 8»er»-
oncnto 7.20*
7 -JOa Valleja, Xapa. Callstoca, SanU
Koaa. Martinet. Baa R*moa t-tltP
7 30a Ntles. Llvermore, Traey. L»tarofc
Stockroa 7J0m
8-OOa sb»«i* Express— (Via Durii).
Wimuni (for Bartlett 8prlngU.
Willow*, trratet lied BUS.
PortUnd. TKomi. H*»tt!e 7-50*
1.00a D»tI». WoodUnd. RalcoU Landlag.
MarytTlHe, OrOTllle iM*
1.30a Pert Costa. Martinet. Anttoea,
Byron. Tracy. Btocktoa. 5*w*
man. Loe Baaos. Mendot*.
Armona. llsaford. Vlsslta,
PorterTlIle 4.215» >
B.30A fan Costa. Lathrop. Modeito.
Merced. Fresno. Go«Bea Junc-
tion. Uaaford. Vlsalia. Bakers-
Held 4.5C»»
t-itM Riles. Saa Joie, I.lrr rmore. Stock-
ton. (?Milton), Inae. Sacramento,
Placflrrtlle. Marysrille. Coloo,
Red Bluff 4.2O
8.30a Otkdale. Chinese, Jwif utown. So-
nor*. Tnolumne snd Angola • ?2*
• 00a Atlantic Kxprea»—O|rdeB tad Baa*. 11.20a
9-30a Richmond. Maxtlaes aad Way .
Stations i-50*
lOOCATbe Orerlaad Limited — Ojdoa. m mt .
Denver. Oinahs, Chlcico. 5 25*
1000a Valiejo_ 1£2Q»
1Q.00a Loe Anr eles Passenger — Pert
Costa, Marttnet. Byron. Traey.
Lftthrop. S took ion. klereed.
Raymond. Fre*tx>, Goohen Jono-
Uoa. Hanford, Lemoore, TlseUa. ._
Bakenfleld. ijo* Angela* 7- ztJe»
12.00m Hayward. Riles nod T?ty Stations. 3-20»
• 11-QOP Bsxrirgesto River Steamer*- tii.OOP
S -SOP Benlci*. Winters. Saerameat*,
Woodland. K Bights Laadlng.
MaryivMe. OrotUle aa4 way
station* 1?-R*
jJOPHsyward.NIlei snd Way Buttons.. /SO
J.Jflprort Costa, < Marline*. Byron.
. ¦ • «¦ Trscy, Lslarop. II«<eil»
Mercvd, Bereada. Frenw aad
Way SUtlona keyoad Port Cost* 12.Z8P
I-JOp Tetemlte TaUey. rla Bereada aa4
Wawona .HS*
I-JCp Mantaea. Traey. Stockton. Lodt... 1020a
4.CQP M»rtlnei.S«uU»mon.TslIe]o.H«fHs
C«ll)tor», flsflUBosa... ¦•*¥*
4 0»P Wnes. Traey. Stockton. Lodl ...... 4|« B>
4iC»> BaywarA. Kllea. Irttnjtoa. Baal tj |0a
¦-- Joae. Uvernore J 111. S0a
S-C0*>Ths Owl Limited— Newmaa. Los
Baaoa. Mendota. Fresao. Talare, ' -
mtum Bakertfl*M.LtMAagele«. .f"f2*
•«0p Port Costa, Traey. 3t-ck wn 11. J0»
tS JOp Hsywant. Klles aad Saa Jese ..... 7-SOA
IOSp Hayward, KOe* and baa Joee. 850*
•XOPKasura Ixpre»s— Oadea. Dearer.
Oniim St. Lonls. Chicago sa4
Kui, Tla Port Coela, Soliua,
Slmtra, D»tIs, Sacrsmento, C«»-
fax. Ken« i-ZJ*
I.OCp Vsllelo. dally, except Sunday.... I 7 %a»
700p TaHeJo, Banday ouly f *-"««^
7-80P Ktchmond. Saa Pablo, Port Corta,
Martlaet tad Way SUUons 11. 20*
7 COp Oregon * California Kxpreis— Sa«-
rsmeoto. XarysTlile. Bedding.
Portland. Paget Soond and East. S.M*
I-OBp Beno Passenger— Port CosU, Snl-
taB. Kimtra, Omris. Sacramento,
Trnekee. Lake Taaoe, aad Way
Stations »«jond Bacrameato.... 7 50*
•.IOp Hay ward, Nlles sad Baa Jose (Sob-
day enly) 11.80*,
COAST LINE ; l«.rr.» top).
(Pool of Market Street.)
7^»A SanU CnuKieorslon(8onday only) 8-1S*
(via* Kewark. Oenterrllle. Baa Jose,
Peltoa. Don 1<S or Creek. BlgBasia,
Banu Cm »n4 Way Stations. .. li&m
t3 15a alTsrado. Kewark. Baa Jose, Lee
eatoa,6lenwood. Felton. Bonlder
Creek. Bis Basin. 8aata Cnt.... 1-1 Q»>
t8-16p Newark. CentenrUle, Baa Jose,
Kew Almadeo.Los a»to*. Feltoa,
Bonlder Cr«ek, Sanu Croi sad
rrlacliml Way Sutloos 1046*
4.1b> Newark. Saa Jose, Lea Satoe aad
way stalloaa fS-&&*
4.1 5 p Wrldtt. relton. Boulder Creek aad
Santa Cmx, Saturday snd Sunday
only M-BBa
"OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rron SAN t KAMJ1SCO. fovt «t Market 8k («!!»«>
-tr.a f:uo ukioa.ii. 140 3 00 S.ISr.a.
rrem OAKLAND, root of Broadway — t«:OB k:t»
i t3:sa 10:00 a.m. 12 CO 200 4J0r.au
COAST LINE (Bread UaageJ.
EV (Third and Townsead 3 tracts.)
'6.10a Saa Jo*eand Way Stations 6-33a»
t7 00a tea Jeae aad Way SlaUons. I.40P
7.1Ba Monterey sad Santa Crni Excur-
¦loa (Saaday ealy) 10-3Oi>
8-IjOa New Almaden (Tuen.. Trld., oaly). 4.10P
t COa The Coaster 1 — Stops oaly Saa Joae.
Otlroy (connection (or Hoi lis-
ter). Pajaro, CaatroTllla (con-
nection to aad from Monterey
and Pacific OrOTe), Sallaas. Baa
Ardo, Taae Boblaa. Saata Mar-
garita. San Lais Oblapo. principal
stations thence Surf (eoaaeetloa
for Lompoc), principal sUUoae
tfeeoeeSaataBart>ara."«aBaeBa» ;?,
Ten tara. Mootal-ro, O> a ird, Bur-
baak. Los Angelea .'.... ttL48*»
• .00a 8*n Joae. Trea Finos, Capltola,
SantaCrax.PacIflcOroTe.Sallaaa,
Eaa Lois Oblsso aad Principal
Way BuUons 4-IOw
10-3CA Saa Je#e «n4 Way Stations. 1.20">
IUCaSsbu Clara, Saa Jose. Los Getoe
and Way Station* 7.30*
140p Kan Joee aad Way Buttons ... „.. 1JU
tS-OOp Del Monte Kxpress— Saata Clara,
- Saa Jose, Del Mont*. Monterey.
Pacific Grave (ooaneets at Saata
Clara, except Sunday, for Saata
Cras. Boalder Creek sad Narrow
Gaage Points) „ 12-15»
¦ 5-S0p Paclttc GroT e Way PaseeBger. Bnr-
: llagame, Saa Jose and way Sta-
tions, connect* at Cllroy for Hot-
lister, Tres Pino*, al Pajaro for
Capltola. Santa Cras at Castr*-
Tllle for Salinas. 10 45*
4 KJp "aa Joae aad Way Buttons „ t3.00*
tS COp 8*ni* Clara. San Jose, Lea Gatoe,
Wrlgat aad principal Way Sta-
tions (flxeept Sunday) tS-00*
tS-SOpkaaJeaeaBdPrtaMlpalWayStatiaa* W 40>
6 45p Basset Kzpresa.-Uedwood. Saa
Jose. G llroy.Saltaaa.Paso BoMae,
Saa Luis ObUbo, 8aat* Barbara,*
Loa Angeles. Uemtag. Kl Paso.
Hew Orlsans. New Tork. Con-
nect* at Pajaro for Saata Croa
and st CastroTl',1* for Pacific
GroTe and Way Stations 7.1S*
ttiSP £aaMst««,Beresford.BelmeacSea
Carlos, Bedwood, Fair Oaks,
ilsnlo Park. Palo Alw HM««
• SQp Saa Joee aad Way SMUoas. 4.38a
I-OOp Palo Alto aad Way Sutloaa 10.15a
11. Mo South Saarraaclseo. MlUbrae. Bar-
liagame, Saa Mat*o, Belmoat,
Baa Carlo*. Botfweod. T air Oak*.
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto...... MS*
•11 JOp Mayfleld, Mountain View, Snany-
Tale, Lawrence. Saata Clara aad
8aa Joee «.48e>
A for Morning. P for Afuraooa.
lbnada* eiciptsO. t Saadar ealy
« Satarday oaly. • Monday oaly.
i Steps at all smUom ea Saaday.
t*~Oniy tralas stopping at Valencia Bv •ocuaaoansl
srek:U» a.b^ ~,:00a. ».. 7: 23 *. *„ 11:88 a. M- 1:JO» M
|:» r. u. aa« 1:00 r. at
H TO SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
BULL VALLEY,
CAZADERO. Etc.
Tla Santallto Tarry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Desart from Saa Francisco, week days, at
• ¦80 7:10. 7:43. 8:33. »:13. 10:00. 11:00 a, m.
(11:40 a- m. Sauaallto only). 12:20. 1:43. *:W.
i 00. 4:35. 5:13 6:00. 6:25. 7:13. 9:00. 10:2O.
11 -S3 D. m. Sundays and te«al holidays, depart
at"7:10. 7:45. 8.3O. 9:15. 10:00. 11:00. ll:4O
a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 3:15. 4:00. 4:35.
6:13, 6:50. «:23. 7:13 8:13. 9:00. 10:20. 11:35
at San Francisco, week days, 6:17.
7:0O. 7:35. 8:15, 8:46. 9:35. 10:20. 11:05 a. m.,
12:05, 1:25. 2:50. 8:35. 4:20. 5:05. 3:40. 6:i5.
6:55. 7:55. 10:06. 11:23 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 13:45.
2:05. 8:50 p. m.
For Fairfax, week daya. depart at 7:45 a. m.,
3:15 p. m.. 5:15 p. m. <ex. Bat.). On Sunday*
and legal holidays, at 7:45, 8:30. 9:15. 10:00.
11:00. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:43. 8:30. T:15
and 8:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way station*.
9:15 a. m.. Suadays only — For Point Reyes,
etc.
3:15 p. tn., dally except Sunday— For Caoa-
dera, etc.
5:15 p. m.. dally except Saturday aad Sun-
day — For Point Reyes, etc
7:15 p. m., Sundays only — For Point Reyes.
etc.
8:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Casadero. etc
TICKET OFFICE — 628 Market st.
FERRT— Union Depot, foot of Market eC
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Eeari! fia lUinUU ftrrjl ArrlTa
»an Krautlsco K»*t af fattrt ». I San Franefaes)
"WSelE — §in^ SuT: Week
D»r»- -lays. ififfibk. _4±y±_) D*?^
.... 8:30a E&4&M&S 12-Air^nik.
1000 a W^CTSfflf 2:04 r*» 1:05 *
10:00a 11:00 a V^V^ 3 - 3 5 r f:35 !•
t:15r 1:43 r yz&Jr 6:13 r IO.0* ?
.' 4:35 r 8:50 r
» Via CriTttr Car. J» Ta»al>«l» U «m Tafler.
Tickct 4625 Makkkt 8t. (Noita Shore Railroad}
Omcu land Fxkbt. Foot Market St
WEE^LCALL
16 Pages. 81 pcpYcaP
fcy the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, pastor
Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church, /a™"
Bryc« ar.d Mabel F. Sumner, both of ban .
F"rincUco. „--!-. _ , i
KJMBLE— WILLIAMS— In this city. 3unt 1. ;
l«04. by the Rev. Dr. Jchn A. B- W . ll»on. ;
pastor Trinity Methodist EP'scopal Church. .
Charles William Klmble and Adella Ruby ,
Williams both of Ban Francisco.
KINNEY— STEWART— In this city. June 4. .
1M04 by the Rev. Dr. John A. B VU"*** •
n..Ft^r Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church- <
Maynard M. Klnney and Beatrice Stewart. .
¦ ¦••;;. ui San Francisco.
LAVIULLIARD— BLOSSFELDT— In this city.
May 28. 1804. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B.
Wilson, pwtor Trinity Methodist Episcopal
Church. Arthur B. LaurlUlard and Florence
Blotafeldt. both of Ban Francleeo.
REED— COLLINS— In this city, June 1 WJ.
by the Rer. Father Colllne. Thomaa H. Reea j
an* ilarle A. Collins, both of this city. i
8TONE— RICXETSON— In this city. May 15.
1904. by the Rev. O. C. Adams. Harry F.
Etone to Lotta M. Rleketsoa. both of this
city.
THORNHILL— MAHOXET— In this city. June
3, JiK»4. by the Rev. William N. Meserve.
Nicholas J. ThernhlU and Maybelle E. Ma-
honey, both of this city.
WALKER — COLLINS — In this city. June 1.
VX4. by the Rev Father Collins. Daniel
Walker and Barbara M. Collins, both of
this cltj-.
TVING— SHOAF— In this city. May 28, 1004,
by the Rev. George W. White, pastor Cen-
tral Church, George Wing of Eureka. Cal.,
and Elizabeth K. Shoaf of Columbus, Ohio.
DIED.
Albertl. George W. , Leveronl. G. B.
Alldach, Anna Lord, Andrew J.
Hatchelier. \Vebet«r Marlln, Henry
Cheney. Sallle A. O'Ntii, Michael
Co: fin Emily J. Peterson, Nels P.
Ovbn. ' Bertha Redlick. Sol. B.
Col! In. Henry A. Scanlan. Rev. Patrick
C«k. J. J. Pchofleld. Robert
Crostello. Phoeby Selllgo, John
Dayton. John E. Simon. Henry
L* Turpin. Petra Smith, Mre. Rose
l>ickersun.Saruh A.C. Spute. Gus
Cray. Walter Elmer « Swords. Henry
Oreen. Erastue H. Thlebaut. Charlee
1Ui.t-.r-.. Peter Werner, Percy C.
Henderson. JJrs.T.D. Whitney, Wm. B.
Hubbaid. Henry F. Wn Iioniv. Lene
Johnson. George W. Zelle, Scphle S.
AXJ3ERTI— In this city. June 3, 1904. George
Weiherhfli Albertl, beloved husband of Sue
Albertl. and father ot Frank J.. Lawrence
B-. George F. and Ida Albertl. Vns. G. O.
Nlchcil* and the late Mr*. Sue V. Kenny.
ALLDACH— In tfctt city. June 4. li*4. Anna,
beloved »U# of the late Henry Alldach. |
mother of Herbert Alldach. and eister of
l>t«r Eckhoff. Mrs. M. Doscher and Mrs. C. j
Schfper. a native of Germany, aged 2S» years |
3 r. ¦¦r-.i.t and W days.
C7Frifna» and acquaintances and mem-
bers ol the Ncrth German and San Fran-
Cisco Ladies' Jvjciety are re(?i*ctfully Invited
to attend the funeral services to-morrow ¦
4 Monday), at 1 o'clock, at the parlors of tht i
Western Addition Funeral Directors. 1724
£*vlsad«-ro sireei. between Sutler and Bush.
Interrr.er.t Mc-unt O'.lvet Cemetery, by elec-
tric tunera' car from Eighteenth and Guer-
rero streets, at 2:30 o'clock.
BATC'HELLER— In this city. June 2, 1904.
Webster Bairhcller, a native of Massacjiu-
k ¦ ¦!¦ -.{• i • u years t> mouths and 11 days. :
CyThe funeral servlre« will be held to-
day ( Sunday), at 3:30 o'clock, at the
parlors of Porter & White. 4U3 Golden Gate
avenue. Ir.termect Giens Falls. New York.
CHENEY — In 6acramento. Cal.. June 3. 1&04.
SalSle A., belovtd wife of Ansel B. Cheney.
moUier of Bertram \V. and Ansel C. Cheney
and Mrs. William B. Belding Jr.. a native
of California, &ged 51 years 6 months and
6 days.
C>"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to sttend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 2 o'clock. In the
Crematcry Char*; at Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery, San Francisco.
COFFIN— In this city. June 4. 1904, Emily J..
dearly b*4ov«4 mother of Arthur Coffin. Mrs.
Matt'.t B. Tyrrell and Mre. C. J. Lufiwlgeon
of Honolulu, u. native of Massachusetts.
CTTriends an3 acquaintances are re*j>ect-
fu.:\ invited to attend the funeral cervices
to-morrow (Monday), at 1 o'clock, at the
parlcrs of Halsted & Co.. :t4G MlFslnn street, i
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car-
riage.
COKN — In, this city. June 4, Z9M. Bertha Cohn,
dearly beioved mother of Nathan and Lesser
Cohn, Mr£. James Schwartz, and Mrs. 1. H.
Herold of Oakland, a native of Strasburg.
Germany, att-d .5 years 1 month and Zi
daye.
E7Fnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday) at 0:45 o'clock, from the residence
cf her daughter. Mrs. J. Schwartz. 401 Ash-
bur}' street, corner of Oak. Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery, ty 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
COLLIN — Entered into rest, in this city, June
2. 1&O«. «t his residence, "ia>'7 Pacific street.
Henry A . dearly beloved father of Henry
F.. Frances J. and Lecn E. Collin. Mrs. M.
Norton. Mre. E. Sharp and Mrs. M. E. Gor-
don, a native cf London. England, aged 84 '
yen r» and H days.
CTFnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White. 423 Golden Gate
avenue.
COOK— In this city, June 2. 1904. J. J. Cook,
beloved husband cf Rer.le Conk, father of
Mrs. J. L. Wright. Mrs. J. C. Baxter. J. B.
Cock and H. C. Cook, and grandfather of
Lcya. Net*. RoUnd and Gladys Wright and
Mrs. XV. C. Fitch, a native of Dutches*
County. N. Y.. aged 67 yeare.
CTFuneral services will tx> held at Ma-
ecnic Temple, corner Post and Montgomery
etreets. *t 1 :30 o'clock. Sunday. June S. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
COSTIXLO— At her late residence, near Nlles
Alan-.eda County. Cal., June 4. 1904, PhoebyJ
beloved wife of Thomas Costello, and sister
of Mrs. Kate Linehan. | a native of County '
IJerryi Ireland. a£ed Cj years.
DAYTON— ;n this city. June 3. 1»C4. John E.
Dayt'-n. a native of Maine, aged 64 years.
VK TURPIN— In this city, June 4, 1004. Petra
de Tur^in, btlvved wife of the late Louis Tur-
pin end dearly beloved mother of Louisa
and Vlctorina Turpin. a native of Mexico.
a^r-d f.<5 years 7 month* and 16 days.
C7Frien4s and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
¦ -V : '.* ¦ i. at 6:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. l!K.i4 Mason street." thence to the !
BpaulBh Church, where services will be held,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Csmetery-
DICKERSON— In W<tt Berkeley. Cal., June 3.
l»0*. .-¦.-•rah A. Crew* Dickenson, wife of Or-
rin R. DidcersoB. mother of Olive and Mae
rnckeratn. and Charles P. Flcrence I.. Tii-
lle B.. Harold E. and Violet A. Crewe. and
daughter of Henry and Anna Windrom, a
native of Manchester, England, Aged 41
years 4 month* ansl 3 days. A member of
Degree of Honor. Ladie« of the Woodcraft
amd Daughters of St. George.
X^TFrU-ai* and acquaintances are reepeot- \
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day '
(Sunday) at 2 o'clock, at the Church of the
Uoot. Hbej.herd. corner of Ninth and Bristol
street*. West Berkeley. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery 4
Order Daughters of St. George — The officers
, and mcrr.berB of Oolden Gate Lodge No. 78
are requM-ted to meet at the gate of Moun-
tain View Cemetery. Oakland, to attend the
funeral of th<ir deoeaeed sleter, Mrs. Sarah
A. C. Dicker»on. on Sunday, June 3, at 2:15
o'clock. By order of the W. Pres...
CLAJIA E. WRIGHT.
CRAY— In this city. Jur.e 3.vl!«04. Walter El-
mer. Infant i«on of WlUiara asd Lillian Gray,
«<n<l crandscn o.* Mr. and Mrs. John Crum-
irey. a native of Ean Francisco, ared 3
months and 10 days.
C^The funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 1 :3O o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parent?, 3174 Sixteenth street.
Interment private. %
CREEN— In this ctty. June 2. 1904. Erastus
H. Green, btloved husband of Elizabeth A
Green, a native of Wilton. Conn. (Sacra- ',
r. ¦::.-¦ Cal.. papers i '.<¦;,.-.• copy.)
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend ih« funeral Monday,
Jur.e C. at 2 o'clork. from the funeral par-
lcr» of Porter & White. 42.1 Golden Gate ave-
nue. Interment Cypre** Lawn Cemetery.
HANSEN— In this city. June 4. 1904. Peter
beloved hurriand of Elene Harden, and
brother of Edward P. Edsen of Seattle,
VV«f h. ; Carl. II. ' Edscn of Sjn FranciFco'
Mrs. H. F. Nornmensen of Seattle Wash..'
and Mr*. Carsone cf Schloecwig, Germany
a «*'U-e of Germany. ac«d 34 years. '
C7Frie.nds and acquaintance* are resr>ect-
fci:>- invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Mt.r.day). at» 2:30 o'clock, from 4e2 F
•tre<t. Pf-taluma. Cal. Remains at the mor-
tuary chapel cf the Golden Gate Undertak- i
3 ¦ ' ¦¦Q i
AX.£r FLORISTS CLOSE AT 1 I ,
T. M. STTXTSAY TO GIVE TEEIB I
rMPLOYES A SALF HOLIDAY. I
b o
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
tSuccecsnrs to Flannaran 4c Gallagher.
DANIEL P- DONOVAN. Mn.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth vt.. opposite Lincoln School. * i
JL . Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors asd Embalmers
yormerlr In Metropolitan Temple,
NOW at SOC MISSION. Tel. South 187.
Ii«twefn Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Fine*t Equipments at Moderate rates.
ElameiTMcG Inn. Henry Hansenl ""
JAMES McGINN & CO.,
Formerly TVith McGinn Bros..
-Funeral Directors and Embalmers
mm 21 4 Edc>_ St. :_Tel._South _ 578. .
F. J. Mnnahan. Manager. Tel. Mission 3L
MONAHAN, O'HARA & 00.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
2SKt--ZM Uisclon st.. near Nineteenth.
San Franclsco.
Ing Company until 7:30 o'clock, Sunday, •,.
June 8. i ' ' "' '¦"!
HENDERSON— At the residence of her son,
2142 Clinton avenue. Alameda, June 4. 1904. '
Mr». Thomas Drumxnond Henderson, beloved
mother of Mrs Edythe Henderson Norton
and Lucian Cyril Henderson, a native of
Scotland.
tETNotlee of funeral hereafter.
HUBBARD— In this city. June 4. 1904, at hie
late residence, 459 Geary street. Henry
Francis, dearly beloved husband of Martha
Fells Hubbard, and brother of Mrs. J. Bron-
son. a native of Bloomfleld, Conn., aged 08
years and 12 days. A member of Lincoln
Poet No. 1. Q. A. R.
JOHNSON— In this city June 4, 1904, George (
W., beloved father of Mamie, Walter, George.M
Willie Edna and Ada Johnson, a native o. ]
New York City, aged 40 years 8 months and j
i 20 days. ** '.
l ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully Invited to attend the funeTal to-morrow :
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from th*. parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
LEVEROM— In thla city. June 3, 1904. O. B.
Leveronl beloved husband of Maria Lev-
eronl, and father of Louis and Joseph Lev-
eronl. airs. Rob1« Baffego. Mrs. Fllomena
Arata. Mrs. Mamie M. Hart. Mrs. Emilia
Cuneo and the late Frank Leveronl. a native
of Italy, aged 74 yeare.
ICTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day i
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from hiolate resl- ]
dence 9 Gaven place, thence to 8ts. Peter j
and Paul's Church for services. Interment .
Holy Cross Cemetery. i
LORD— In this city. June 4. 1904. Andrew |
Jackson, beloved husband of Nancy Lord a j
native of Maine, aged 73 years 4 months and
12 days.
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday, at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1019 Fifty-third street. Oakland. In-
cineration Oakland Crematory.
MARLIX-In this city. June 4, 1904. Henry
Marlla. A member of Painters' Union. Lo-
cal VJ.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully inviud to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock from the parlors of
IVrter & White, 423 Golden Gate avenue.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
O'NEIL — In the City and County Hospital.
June 4. 1901. Michael CTNell. a native of
Ireland, acrd about tX> years.
| PETERSON— In Berkeley Cal., June 4, 1904.
at his late residence. 1314 Addieon street,
Nels P. beloved husband of Johanna Peter-
son, tnd father of Jennie, Pauline, Adolph,
Otto. Leander and Nels P. Jr. and Anna
, Peterson, a native of Sweden, aged 60 years
1 end 11 months. .
! REULICK— In Los Angeles. Cat, June 1. lOOt
Sol. B. dearly beloved son of Ludwlg and
I Bi-rtha Redltck. and beloved brother of
Henry, Joseph, Abe. Louise. Charlotte and
Fannie Redlick and Mrs. P. E. Newman.
! uk. a 40 years 9 months and 19 days. A
member cf Bakersneld Lodge No. 268, B.
1*. O. Elke, and Fort Wayne Lodge No. lltt.
; Knights ui Pythias. <
CFriends and acquaintances are re«pect-
: fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday) at 10:30 o'clock, from the- resi-
dence of hla parents, 12e4 Page street, thence
by electric funeral car to New Salem Ceme-
tery, leaving Eighteenth and Guerrero streets
at 11:30 o'clock.
SCANLAN— In New York. May 31. 1904. Rev.
Patrick Scanlan. a native of County Kerry,
Ireland, sged CS years. •*"
' CTThe funeral will' take place Tuesday.
! June 7. from St. Josephs Church, where a
: ]>ontlflcal eolemn requiem high mass will
; be celebrated for the ropose of his soul, at
10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
I SCHOFIELD— In this city. June 2. 1904. Rob-
trrt. eon of the late Jacob and Annie acho-
flrtd. and brother of George Schoneld. a na- i
tive of San Francisco, aged 21 years 5 months
: and 24 daye. A member of the Journeymen
Horseahoers' Union, Local No. 25.
1 ICTTriends and acquaintances Are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday) at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where ser-
vices will be held at 1 o'clock. • Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery-
Members of Journeymen Horscshoers' Lo-
cal Union No. 25 are requested to attend
the funeral of our deceased brother. Robert
Schoneld. to-day (Sunday). at 12:15
o'clock, from the funeral parlors of McFad-
den. McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth.
T. SULLIVAN, President.
I JAMES McBREARTY. Secretary.
i SELLIGO— In this city, June 3. 1004, John,
beloved husband of Susanna Sellleo. and
tather of Louise. Willie' Henry and the late
Josephine Stliigo, a native of Italy; aged 52
years 11 months ar.d 10 days. A member of
Fortuna Lodee No. 13. A. O. U. W., of
Napa.'Cal. (Napa papers please copy.)
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
BIMON— In thla city. June 2. 1904. Henry, be-
loved husband of Mathilda Simon, and father
of Eugene, Fred, May. Frieda. Josephine and
Cora Simon, a native of Germany, aged <S7
years 2 months and 6 days.
E3*Fr'.endB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 9;30 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temyle. corner of Pont and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of Fidelity Lodge
No. 120. F- and A. M. Friend* are kindly
requested to omit flowers. Cremation I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. June 3, 1904, Rose, wife
of the late Patrick Smith, a native of County
Cavan Ireland, aged 74 years.
CT'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1873 Union street, thence to St.
Brigid'a Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, at 8
o'clock. Interment private.
I SPUTE— In the City and County Hospital,
; June 4. 1904, Gus Spute, a native of Russia,
ared 50 years.
SWORDS— In Crescent City, Cal., June 4, 1004,
Henry, beloved husband of Rose Swords, and
father of Henry J. Swords and Edward J.
and Peter W. McGlade, a native of Dtblln,
Ireland.
THIEBAUT— In this city. June 4. 1904, Charles
Thlebaut, beloved husband of Alice Thle-
baut. loving father of Louis Thlebaut, Mrs.
Poullne Bergee. Jules, Edmond, Lucle.
¦ Charles and George Thlebaut, and Btepfather
of Mr*. Kmmlie Burns and Mrs. .Blanche
Chaplain, a native of Pari«, France, aged
CG years C months and 21 days.
C^FrienJs and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, June 7. at 12 o'clock, from his late
residence 29 Arlington street, off French
¦treet, thence to Gauloise Hall, No. 21 Poet
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
WERNER— In Oakland. Cal.. June 4, 1904, i
Percy C. beloved son of John and Ray "Wer-
ner, brother of Harold and Selma Werner
and grandson of Mrs. S. Mlah and Charles
Werner of New York City, aged 21 years
and 14 days. (New York papers please
copy.)
ICTInterment Hills of Eternity Cemetery,
by electric funeral car leaving the Oakland
; ferry at 2:40 o'clock to-day (Sunday). The !
; servcle* will be held at the Mortuary Chapel
of the cemetery. i
WHITNEY— In Fruitvale, Cal. June 4, 1904, |
William B., beloved husband of Mary Whit- |
ney, a native of Germany, aged S2 years ;
S months and 21 daye.
VON RONN— In this city, June 3. 1904. Lene
von Ronn, beloved wife of William von'Ronn.
mother of William von Ronn Jr. and of the
late Mr*. PhilUpp Gebhardt - and Miss '
• Amanda von Konn. and sister of Mrs. H.
Dolling and .Mrs. C. Soltau. a native of Ger-
many, aged CO years 1 month and 22 days.
ETFrlfrnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 :30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1134 Filbert street, where the
nervices will be held. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery. Please omit flowers. .
ZEILE— In this city, June 4. 1004, at her
] residence 2023 California street, Sophie S. ¦
Zelle. wife of Frederick W. Zelle. and eister
of Mr« James Freeborn. Mrs. E. W. Hop-
kins. Henry Smith and the late Mrs. E. J.
de Sta. Marina.
E2r Funeral services will be held at Trin-
ity Episcopal Church, 1626 Bush street, at
11:30 o'clock to-morrow (Monday). Inter-
ment iirlvate.
,- „ CARD OF THANKS.
The family of the late Catherine Cronln de.
sire to thank their friends for the sympathy
and kind offerings during their bereavement.
THE FAMILY.
SEE THE .PHOTOGRAPHS.SANTA ' ROSA. . Jun« 4. — William T.
Spridgen, for more , than twenty years in the
employ of the California Northwestern Rall-
road, and a man who has Ailed many Import
ant positions with the comuatfy. has resigned
to accept a position with the Bank of Sonoma
County in Petaluma.
• Persons ..lri> Michigan bitten ; by • rabid
dogs .'are no\y Ji sent, to the, Pasteur In
stitute at Arin'Arbor'at, the expense of
the township in which they .reside." ¦
"That pneumonia : is contagious, .and
that crowded • street " cars ; are . the chief
sources of. contagion; is maintained: by
Dr. : Martin, ! health officer of > Philadel
phia, ~- ¦:-¦¦--. ~-,..-. , .- -.-..«..;,*.
* VANCOUVER, B. C, June 4.-^Charles
Carbonneau . and Jerome Chute, both!
of Dawson, and Alfred /Wills of /To-:
ronto are plaintiffs in a. big" suit"; eni
tered at Toronto to-day against ; the
Canadian Bank of Commerce over
properties of the Gold Run /Mining
Company of Yukon and London.. v The
bank is operating the mines.' The'suit
Mining Men Sue Canadian Bank.
Two, Thousnnd /People - Entertained
. by Novel and -Varied .Programme r
• :?/;'/.. l at San Rafael.*;*'.
- SAN • RAFAEL, 'I June ;4 .— The -Wild
West pony show and tea : given under
the : auspices of the .San ;*- Rafael Im
provement Club, to-day for the benefit
of the \ fund . for the : extermination ¦> of
mosquitoes' in -, this ¦ city was . in < every
way a, great [success. - • ..!„
- - The ¦ Bates - grounds, , at . which « place
the : affair; was: held, ¦ contained nearly
2000; people, -"'guests 'of • the 4 club, .all
WILD WEST PONY SHOW
PROVES A BIGzSUCCESS
is for an accounting. -A quarter of a
millon dollars is involved. ~;
, SAN BERNARDINO, June 4.
Jcmes Walsh, an employe of the con
tractor who is building the big dam
for the Arrowhead Reservoir Com
pany in the Little Bear Valley, com
zaitted suicide to-day by hanging him
self to a tree in the mountains. Welsh
hud been on a spree.
Laborer Ends Life by Hanging.
STOCKTON, June 4.— A peat land
fire last ..-evening consumed eighty
acres of potatoes on the Jones tract be
tween Middle river and Holt Station.
A high wind* fanned the flames and
made ,the work, of extinguishing . the
fire extremely difficult. When^the ;wind
dropped the flames were brought;un
der control. It is reported that: the
fire is still smoldering, but there' is
no danger of it spreading. The. land
Is owned by the Middle River Farming
Company.'
Disastrous Blaze Sweeps Over the Im
mense ,, Jones Tract ; Near
Middle River.: '/.:¦ *,¦ }-.
ACRES OF POTATOES '
•<^V DESTROYED BY FIRE
intent- upon seeing 1 ' the various events
programmed. All arrangements had
been thoroughly completed and . every
portion- of .the , entertainment pro
gressed from start to finish without
hitch or accident to . any of thel06
equestrians. The programme was
started, at 2 o"clock. From that" time
until. 6 -o'clock ¦-the -i large crowd- was
greatly Interested. .The weather, was
intensely warm, but the spectators
were seated under | the spreading oaks
and did not-mind-the-heat.' — ••' .-". \]
$ The juvenile band from St. "Vincent's
Orphanage rendered selections .during
the afternoon. .A' parade of gayly? be
decked equipages was the flrsf event.
,Th'e •} pony. : cart ' of Westfleld '. ¦ Baker,
decorated ;with sweet .'peas,' received
first, prize, i Trick riding, ' jumping arid
other intricate, maneuvers, seen only
in professional shows. were features.' ',
LOS ANGELES, June 4. — The
Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers
to-day elected R. Bottrell. of Ottawa,
Canada, first grand assistant engineer
after several ballots. J. C. Currie of
Cleveland, Ohio, was re-elected second
grand assistant engineer by. acclama
tion. D. Everett, third grand assistant
engineer, holds over for another term.
For the office of grand guide two can
didates were balloted for, resulting in
the election of F. H. Tucker of Brook
lyn, N. Y., over Benjamin Evans, .the
iucumbent. George R. Dority of
Cleveland was re-elected grand chap
lain. -:¦ .-
The next convention will be held at
Memphis, Tenn. The contest nar
rowed down to Cleveland and
phis, the latter finally winning the
prize. The convention is expected to
finish its labors Tuesday and take
final adjournment on that day.
Bottrell of Ottawa Is Chosen First
Grand Assistant Engineer After
Several Ballots.
LOCOMOTIVE' ENGINEERS
ELECT MORE OFFICERS
The schooner Pride, Captain Kock,
sighted the derelict, passing within
half a mile of it. The mass was
drifting south with the current and
the tides of to-day will probably bring
it back to about the same spot where
the Pride first sighted it- Captain
Kock considers the derelict extremely
dangerous to shipping.
SANTA BARBARA. June 4.— The
section of the Gaviota wharf, which
was eet adrift in the recent heavy
etorm, has been located in the Santa
Earbara channel within a 'few miles
of Anacapa Island.
Derelict* Reported Xenr Anacapa
Island and Drifting Southward in
Track of Vessels.
6KIPPER SEES WHARF
AFLOAT Df CHANNEL
STOCKTON. June 4.— Western Pa
tAtlc surveyors are running a line on
XIazelton avenue, from Ophlr street
*rest. Members of the party say they
have been running a line to this city
from Walnut Grove and that at the
same time they started out another
party left Walnut Grove, headed for
Cacramento. A third party is In the
field farther north.
The Western Pacific has a franchise
en Ophlr street, from North street to
Earelton avenue, and down the avenue
to the coal road, but up to the present
time has not applied for a franchise
¦Jong the line where the surveyors
•were at work yesterday west of Center
•treet-
ftun a Line on Ilazelton Avenue, but
the Company lias N'ot as Yet Ap
plied for a Franchise.
PURVEYORS' FOR WESTERN'
PACIFIC VISIT STOCKTON*
During the week besinninp June 2T>
the branch of the Supreme Court sit
ting at J-'arntogji -will hear testimony
j>rofTered by Charles A- Kavanaugh,
the wealthy Waterford, X. Y., manu
facturer, who invested in about $75,
©00 of the securities of the ill-fated
'shipyard* combination, to ths effect
that he was deceived and misled by
jirospectuses circulated by the pro
moters and financiers. There were
two of these prospectuses, one dated
[April 19, lf'02, the other dated June
3 4 of the same year. The names of
those influential financiers Interested
in the formation of a combination of
the leading American shipbuilding
concerns differ in these two circulars.
The terms of the proposition are dif
ror.t, too, and the second plan was
much more comprehensive than the
original one.
Kavanaugh sues the Mercantile
Trust Company of this city: Colonel
John J. McCook of the firm of Alexan
der & Green, le^al advisers of the
United States Shipbuilding Company;
Alvin W. Krech. then president of the
Mercantile Trust Company, of which
Alexander & Green are counsel, and
feveral other individuals, alleging mis
representations.
Those interested in the shipyards
combination are preparing & vigorous
defence. Kavanaugh has as nis coun
sel Edgar -T. Brackett of Saratoga
County, who is known as a relentless
foe. It was he who last spring wished
to have a legislative investigation not
merely of the shipbuilding company,
but of all similar concerns that stirred
the financial community during the
boom times of 1902-03. with a view to
recommending restraining legislation.
As laie as last week there were per-
Fistent rumors that a settlement had
been effected with Kavanaugh and it Is
known that Senator Brackett had been
In this city almost continuously dur
ing the last month, but he has insisted
that it is a public duty to have this
matter probed to the bottom. With
that end in view Samuel Untermeyer
fcas been retained to conduct the cross
examination in the Kavanaugh suit.
James B. Dill has joined hands with
Untermeyer and Senator Brackett In
pushing the Kavanaugh suit.
SCBW YORK, June 4.— Succeeding
th<? recent calm in the multifarious liti
petion srov.ing: out of. the collapse of
the United States Shipbuilding Compa
*ry. a storm is about to break. The
formal lepal rroeeedlngrs»-looklns to the
reorganisation of the concern alons the
lines of the compromise have been go
ing along placidly enough. The routine
necessary to the foreclosure sale of all
property from Maine to California
jirlor to the acquisition of the plants by
the new interests concerned has been
almost completed, but one disturbing
element is still active.
Special Dispatch to Th« C«M
Samuel Untermeyer Is En
gaged to Cross-Question
Witnesses and a Search
in? Inquiry Is Promised
SUIT TO BE HEARD
BY SUPREME COURT
Kavanaugli's Accusations of
Deception and Fraud Will
Once More Place Promoters
of Combine on the Back
SHIPYARDS
CASE TO BE
REOPENED
THE SAN -FRANCISCO : "CAIIi,v -SUNDAY;- -JUNE ; 5; 1904. ¦{.
48
HALES. "— . \ HALE'S.;'" - '¦'¦,,.'. | ' ''¦¦.'. - .HALE'S. ¦,:'! >> .'."iv".'.| .'•' '] ' - '':'-.'. HALE'S..' i'. : ,. V.'y'.: \ \ '. ¦'•'¦ :'-'¦:-'¦ HALE'S. I - - • T T UiE f 3.
1^AV\ Tke & rea * : opportunity of the year to get- what you need, get it as good and as dainty as it' s to be had and to save money on
} f^MI^!^. J\ J^ff^^^y^i'^ \f s" ¦¦- <¦¦ ¦¦' :> In many, cases save more, money and get-better garments than you thought you could. That's why we want-you to first look
\' W^^^^^^4^:/f%^W^f^0^P^ **^ Y at tllese tucked and hemstitched drawers at 18c (not a coarse muslin, but a fine,. soft one; and these 48c gowns, or those lace-tnmmed
? ,.^llffiS^TPi^M %%W**$J$F& S corset covers at 14c. The force of the values lies in the garments themselves. Every one bears the Good Goods mark. If it
! \"^'ifepS^la^^ % -ft didn't we'd be losing just where we are trying to gain. We are willing to make the prices lower at these times, but the garments
|^^?S^»/ r f % *i \il'~ %^&^^'~\f95y must be even better than common, as to make you -want to come back again. r r,,, '¦¦'¦ '•¦,.
*» Vv ti-^^jSsr) ra WJ?^^'^'^-^* J? ¦ * TIie choicest muslins and cambrics have been used. The embroideries and laces are from the best looms in Europe. They are not just
BT~^^1 !¦ m Wi /% S "tacked", on, but carefully sewni Tastiness and thought characterize every garment, which wouldn't be the case if they were made m some earret
H 1 I H^^^^V^ ffi- V^^^W^W'^/li / or loft bj> poorly paid people, whose only aim is to see how many pieces they can turn out a day. Yes, cheap garments are thick. As women find out
r- S i^l^P4'flK^7 / that our garments are not cheap, our, business goes ahead.- ¦ .
V vfa '^['l>$0&&&$t&-^ / More of them shall find it now than ever. Complete stocks of everything ire included in this sale. If it s an ec corset cover or a Pans model
A *8 '$*?ij£' f walking skirt or a wedding trousseau, we are more than. ready. Read the list.
U '' ~^^^'**^'&-^^ / The Drawers The Gowns Corset Covers White Petticoats
S Never such values before. This is the first time we have B^^ ugVt'dtu^eT^ifnntll^ie^ti b^t- Offers we never made be-
i 23c-Three Btyies. K ooj soft finished mnsiin. had such styles, such qualities, JSS!ilS' B f * JT*?! Jhii^Lmt *"' t0 -^ ore and we never thought we
bp:chal Announcement tf5S^^te l ttS5SS^pK - MSEL te £K St'SEbS.^Kt atii-. could now.
of tke Coming Sale of rum, «„, «ne ™a.i tucu.. . . P g° • SSf S : Sg^SSSTtSffi^i-S Hale merchandising isn't to
_ '_ , , * „ ~ , — : ¦•,•'¦'•?¦¦ 29c— Three sityln of good soft finished mu«lln, 48c— Four »tyle«; Kood heivy muslin. h!«h pearl buttons. t Koffl«»fl hv nh«;tarlrs
SzVeetSCI' PenibrOOk & CO. S Goods. umbrella, rutno of.laee »1th four row* of ne< ; k wlth yoke of hemstitched tucks; other 28c— Full fronts with row* of.lmca insertion; uc udulcu "J '-'wa'-* 1 '- 45 -^.
hpm stltchlii«;. Btylei with rows of embroidery Insertion nec J t * nd ann hole- wlth lac * : otnerB wltn 89o — Good heavy muclla. two ityles. with
This bis New York Jobbing house has quit. Theirstocks were ssc-rm. S o<t muU n. u m br e iia ruffle of lawn. .nd cluster, of tucks. Vt^SSS^^^^^^aJ^Sr *^Z3&^«*S£^*£l
auctioned off last week. No Other buyers from San FranCtSCO were On- *Uh Valencienne* lact and Insertion. BTc— Two styles cambric or muslin, hlth neck «5e— A French style with front of three lnser- dennea lace aad hemstitched tucks,
the Dry Goods Economist's list except Hale Bros. , _ ' «c— Trimmed with umbrella ruffle of deep yoke with four insertions of embroidery. 13 and"arm7 a wUh'v^L a^n n M n 1a« C^ : o^ C ™ Mo-FIve- beautiful styles, some with wid.
Some ROOds are reported tO have so!d at 5 OC On the dollar; wash !^ rold t r 7- ab °\? Wh L C \^ e "?rU U tr?m,£d hemstitched tucks; the other a low V neck/ tuh VmtrolderV trimmJS T fronS. neck an™ ro^'o^'heStchln^ oVe« w^th
good. Stocks averaged 65c on the dollar. *** n^'V.VeS.e^er'S.d^tScVo^Uc^ [**' four ln "rt» on » k Valencienne. lac. with embroidery too. r ™ c \ oa ot J^^SUSS^ viSScl-SS
We expect some big bargains. I with rows of insertion and fine tucks above. and 18 hemstitched tucks; . lace ruffl* on 89c— Full fronts; four Insertions of torchon lace and thrw and four lace- Insertion*
This preliminary hint is due you, as we kno W you'll want tO make extra wide with umbrella ruf- : "^ S ' lorchonTce^'allo 0^.^ yoWrUc'e. "two 1 . iSSf'SSSr^tt^i?
your plans to share them when they come. a^^\^m^tillha M y^JS^» 87c-Four styles. . flne cambric high or low. row. of ribbon beading neck and arm. wfdi in^ o? Ucl^o
J l lace and Insertion ¦¦ i T <v or square necks, yoke, collar and cuffs, trimmed to match. • . . rakteh inseruona oi iac» w.
¦— — "¦"¦"^^^¦^^^"™"^^"" . wltTi lace or embroidery. 45c— French style fine- cambrio; embroidery ., „_ _ ' _^l. _ • w . w „
Silk \ T eit'S Extraordinary • 80c— Fine cambric, cut extra- wide, trimmed ' " ¦ • " "\. ' '''," trimming in front; neck with embroidery * 1 ' 47 :^ Four ,,^ y i'"- nne cambric umbrella
OllK l\til* J^AiJUuruinury. rich embroidery and Insertion, above 07c— Four styles .fine Nainsook, high or. low and ribbon beadlnr. ruf He. with five Insertions of Normandy
__ __. y^-t "^« »Vv which are nine hemstitched tucks. V necks, all ¦ with fancy yokes of em- _ _ ... \alenclennes lac* and deep ruffla to
f*+ms^~%.r* A /T\ «n C Il/T ¦ v broidery insertion. - flne tucki: collar- and P. S. All OUr.COrset covers are match.
/ OC vFCPC O.C dL O VfW I " ' cuftB rtchly trlmm « <1 wlth embroidery. shaped with absolute correctness. $1.5&-F1n» cambric with umbrella flounce
.-. _ -- .* jf\ oe n j c • V P c '/ ""~~. '' r- '_ AM 4- $1.18-Four styles, flne Naimook and cambric. Th'ey are not hurriedly and cheaply
60c Taffetas 40c; 85c Peau de Soies 65c; Extra Size Garments necks. u^r^^M^or made for simply a sale. Ma which «• «,w, or hemsmch-
85c Fancy Silks 55c. ':.: v For stout Women. ¦ -^"^-SS-syMSSSr sow -"' etther — %1^^^^i c r%^tr^^:^
The crepe de chines will excite the most interest, for there other h.n^me ,ow M at $1.50. .$lw. 12.00 Children's Drawers oTh^Vy^th^cT JS. "SEME
isn't a better quality, not a silk more popular at the present time 0 r w^ d m c a u "c 8: elZM 1S and . W: the taWit ' ' " At about w'hat it cost to make "^ZzTSn^Sfc vSieS ™F%?
(one you'd least expect to find underpneed), and' eleven choice 43c _ Kxtra 8 , 2edrawer ,. .rood quality sett mr- - . the ra- ' ne. 2-m. wide insertions to match,
shades as well as black from which to select— a bargain without a ished musiin. with four-inch hem and four Children's Gowns, 23c What mother won't iumo at the $2 -^7^^}^° wTth v'ertSTSt' ™ "-
•shadow znc a vard to-morrow instead of 7?c • " e . • cut w u " _ . >'.> . . . ,. ... chance to buy now? \ eertion to match; other style with
SnaOOW. 0 OC a )aru LU UWIIUW iii&icau ui /0 K.. T5c-Extra »ize corset covers; heavy, soft Good soft finished muslin, with square i2c-Good mnslln. finished with deep henvand flounce of rich wjde embroidery.
This warnillR: onlv a limited supply. . . cambric; tight flUing, embroidfry Insertion yoke, ruffle trimminfir around the three small tucks; sixes 2 to l^years. $2.85— Fine cambric, wide Swis» flounce.
.•/¦«,- Rl->^1- t,ff«i5c nr<» r>ur#» "cilL- ->i tnr-Vipc -w-ir?»» (nnt tn\ a «r*»icrrir around the yoke, neck and arm* with em-' J ... ' . -..., .-¦¦•_ _. - . 16c — Soft cambric, with hemstitched lawn handsomely trimmed with fin* wid«
4OC— Black tattctas are pure Silk, 21 inches \\lde (.not IO;, a weight broidery; *lze« .46 and 48. collar and cuffs. Sizes 2 to IO years. ruffle; three pin tucks; slzea 2 to 14 years. Swiss embroidery.
and width usually sold at ooc. A heavier one worth 05c at 45c. 1
65c — Black pea;* de soies, 24 inches wide, a nice, fine, bright stuff as >^"?N«— tC* • t T%ft *lf • ¥
worthy, dressy and desirable as any to be had at regular price. /^^"^W/ mW^ iV1 1 I I 1 tl fifV I tl TfirfiQT
55c— Fancy silks. To-morrow will be the first time they have been , jH^t^ 0**^-}fif aK$^A UJ/VVlttl HlllllllVl J 111L-W1 W^l
sTougt t) z$MM ™ W&& and in the shad " iha " y °" v "" dd pay for M ones reiuced - No wonder we are
¦4^^^^^^^iJ^^^^^ef^^K <^ l^Kyh so busy. Here are- some pretty, stylish all-white ones, fresh
3000ydS. DimitieS, BatiSteS and inviting, as only white can be. $475.
rr+ -mir * r\ */K )hi « », (y$ Also a new lot of all-black hats — hats that look like $10.00.
3 C\— l\\f\Vf{XX\T 1 k\n **ii • Jri "¦ ¦ ¦ . So Good and Yet So Cheap \%y _,_ , , . , ** -.t- ,,.
1 V/~"lTltJl 1 \J W 1 \J\* , •' • rr^^ We". .have marked them $4.75. .we want to keep our milliners
The same goods we have been selling all season at i2^c and 15c. /jj\ . There's always need for these little necessi- tf|T7 . ,
Six different lines, each pattern in quite a variety of colors. 'Of . (C }/ \ - ties in the Slimmer— and especially on the summer Jy\ UU *J'
course each line has begun to show a hitch some place. Now that we y^/y trip. Here's a chance tO'Stockup for so little/^ATT^ ' Then we have about 100 prettv dress hats to sell at $2 1 5
haye put them all together and marked them at this new low price there /«r A money that • you wouldn't, mind if you lost the\YR^ f u, f . "ill r rt^, A 1 <t-
unt a drawback to the bargain. Some are corded, some are plain; some /•'£„ /)i t, , • t u^t^ ~.. u 1 \&^ that Were lOrmerly 9-3.00.
are in linen colored effects, any number of-black and white* ideas. A <<$&// handkerchiefs before you got back. . , X^ n . '
splendid choosing; one you can't near appreciate till you see it. Iflyou J*f 3 1 Cents* . • fflPf • '
expect to see it, it's well to come before too many other, come. ' ioc. J^ 3 V Wide PltTI OlitinO* Wf\t<S> 1*C
n . , nfi . R , fJ3 cheap : at. 5 c- to 5 c if they, were, perfect. Some have ' \g$f S U.1UC R.1H1 V^ULHI^ llctL2> OOC
& % -^ & 9-x ' % 3t\ 1 Ulierinp; Oea . \J/ - tight- threads or corners' that need trimming; some _W Light, strong and stylish. They need but little trimming. A
JmS^m^ SheetS .&f , . d^nSedHf S^eiS^Ka^hli^ most appropriate summer hat. You would think to look at it it would
dffl7*$&0yK$W^\. WfifJ^ A11 lower prices for as good corners and borders; some with lace edges, others s^Mf" be 75c, but our New York buyer picked these up at a snap. 35c.
Ws)3^J^§i^WCt\ Sheets as it's possible to". find. r^C '•?f ith nc y. c "}broidered borders and corners. Buy, "^T ' _^ -•>
' mcm -^"*«^*^i jm»£r-^\ , , ¦ J%^^^ j tiicm Dy tnc dozens* , \\ \ •
r< • a n 52c Double Sheets LIT cr»«t c .; ' 5^.^ '*%'$'¦£*& vw •* m.T «>•
ig^steS»iiiS^SiS^B^ Th SaIe Wooden Novelties
'villneed ' lar 9-4 sheeting, with no seams m the % \M scalloped arid embroidered; some .with lace edges ; JM That are stamped in pretty designs ready for pyrographic work.
T , .. l I, , C u i ' T7 r-1- %W 'some with rows, of dainty, revere stitching; others '^[ Here are bigger, prettier boxes and for less money than we
Look it over carefully. There Hale s Economy Sheets. W just.plamhcmstitchmg. What a choosing. and what 7^ ever had before, and heaps of them. Something for about every-
may be some suggestions of Those with reinforced centers, /Jv a price. 5 c O thing you can think of. Look over. the list,
something overlooked. Half the the kmd that won't wear thin and , fllV 9 Cents: . . . . t^Sf) a-'. .
pleasure of a trip is jroine ore- ! ear bef ° re the sides are worn out; JW\ Fine lawn styles in ever so many dainty patterns, in V^V At 10c— Two /pretty . styles in At 7Gc— Military brushes, two
ar j fc» & f better sheets than common. Here y, hemstitched, borders with" fancy embroidered ideas ffifr napknv rings; two pretty styles of tobacco jars.
V ' , arc lower prices than common: fcr^i in the corners and borders, as well as lace effects JfrK styles in paper cutters. Plate racks $1.25, stein racks $1 65
O 25c P an<f50c. P3> SeS> 5°° — 54X9O 55C— 63x9*1 I /f . I with insertion the borders and corners. They <f \ ¦$ .At 15c— 6; and 10 inch plaques, zinc-lined cigar boxes $1.75
— Telescope leather toilet set. In COC —^72x90 65c— 81x90 ' Ujfe^y, are worth I2^c to 20c. .^*<^y - picture frames, (with lock and- key), carved
which there is a brush, a comb, 7or— nnron . MW /Y^i te^^^^ P' n tra y s » bowls, etc. plaques $I.IO, Dutch stools
hand? for r ?he#r n io- n s a i00 11 « : r»-n A^ o fr*MsJ4wlt& - &\—<X Jl&MfcliPl? , r SA#^^ST\V At '20c— All kinds of photo $3-25, tabourettes $2.50 and
—Flasks with nickel tops, ali 1 111OW leases OC. /k2Usi>^/O^^ '-'>. frames, match safes, $3-50.
leather bound. 75c and $1.50. That'^ a bargain— and a , bigger j^^^W^C^^^^^^^ 3^^^ F7 '^S^'Uf bowls. . - f! , ;,.,;, Shirt waist or shirt boxes at $3.00,
"^SSTpSVYnd'enSropfi"^. bargain when you see the case it- ' W^^^^^V^^^^^ A^^^k-J^ : At 25c-C a lendar S , folding ¦ book . 53-5O and $4.00 each.
*>nt safety Ink well. 75c, 51.00, self; see what a good quality of SSil Ml ivWl^^^yzJ^A^^^^^y^^^^^^ racks, broom holders, 12- 24-mch tankards $2.35.
t>*£ 2 ?- , v . , .. muslin it's made of; bleached; regu- y^Sk^&^^^^^^^-^T^^^Ty^ii V ' incn panels, pretty jewel I ' Candlesticks at 55c and 85c.
<2£ ' .Tlv^rnSTunSd' $1.2* lar ?'"' A^ 6 ' 2 ?°° of thcm for ' (LZ^^^^^^^=^^^^S^^ L - '^^^^^^^ boxcs ' P^ture frames, 10 Pipe racks 45c.
—Medicine case, leather, folding special selling beginning to-morrow. ¦^ i^~~^5^ s^^ mm^^S^mi "TV"* s*^_jiTrr;n'rTa_,i«» mn— - --~~ xio inches; card cases, 454 Bowls 90c.
ones with srlass vials and meas- »-i .* r»»ii To-day s message. from the hairdressing and manicuring parlors. xi2; glove boxes, • 8x8 Waste baskets -55c and Sr H
tire, all with nickel screw tops. rCSlllCr v lllOWS C\^ • inches- handkerchief hnx-- r» * "U r^ ' . .
-riSS.Ut,,,,..,. And the Kind of f«Z That ' Shampooing . "^"-"u^ Pyropaphit Sundries
—Fitted suit cases of real sole . . - Come and see how well we do~ it. . %?j£ ' At! 3Oc_Double card cases, fMOte the- prices :
-Handy vest pocket toilet compan- lxr L V^'- How we dry the hair by electric hot-air dryer.. .. v ;^X>^-- • >.;.'¦; book shape, horseshoe Gloss,2oc.
Ion: Mirror, brush, comb, nail We have emptied maybe the feath- How we go even further, than just shampooing— examine your scalp, if,it , picture ¦frames. "v« f .-. Stain, ooc set of 6 bottles,
file and tweezers, to fold up and ers from a dozen pillows into - that isn't rear healthy, and advise you in ; regard to your particular ¦ case. . At 3t>c— Fancy 6x8-inch box Straight cork handles, 20c.
know 'or'anVSiSSdier toH^t ir?!' showca sc in the doorway, where you ¦, (Without Charge.) baby hair brushes, steins. Swivel end handles. 30c
cle. 51.76. ma y see how clean they are. There Thiswindy, dusty climate, dries all the natural oil from the hair,, causing double photo frames. 7x12 Large bulbs with tubing, $1.00.
"" — Handy pocket knives, two and is considerable guesswork in the buy- serious scalp diseases. So have one of our celebrated shampoos. No inch bowls. . Platinum points, that we have
three blades j only 26c. ing of pillows, especially in the one could give them more attention than we do. . At BOc — Novelty handkerchief tested, are about half what you
black" or whitehandhsa r'fill™' cheaper grades. We want to show We have every facility for doing the' best work. 50c.' * r . .and glove boxes, steins would pay ordinarily; 6 sizes:
— Raxor strops. 25c. 60c. 75c. ' ' you there need be no doubt about ' '_¦; ,-—»¦» _jg JJQJ - with, covers, sliding book No. 1 — 75c.
— Folding pocket uclssors. 50o. what you get of us; that every nil- fsiMr /iEW/ ¦' ' racks, hat brushes, mir- 'No. 2 — $1.00.
~^fr7^%Tc6^o^yM. rr^ Jow^ve sell upholds our Good Goods' S^j^M^Mff f^^> jW At 5«c!°Clock° stands 18x24 No 4-fl"s
box. 51.75. Even our 85c pillows are all feath- r££$m&/* fMf/^&i /amf~iizZ _^^^l^Sl ncn P ane ls, 22-inch pan- No. 5 — $1.35.
~ Bl^ y ri nk .r !I '' lfath " covertl1 ' ers 't ftni ? ful1 three P° u n ds to Ms37 fJRSrf amUFSfmm <&&&? vmigj^ els, bowls, thermometers. No. 6— $1.50.
25c. &0c, <6c. ¦ each pillow. lEfBFf "T 1 J^aJSiSg'SS^ .
— Witch hazrl, large bottles, pure . $1.00 ones are 3 lbs., also measure /«§V fJ»Ufi ,r**-n^^, ' ' ¦ y"
dlstlllr-d. 26c. 21x27 In., covered with tan /Jsxfif ~" ) k _ I. 'JL'^^,-^^2 \^T rrrn r ~j mr c-tt rr> r-r\T>CT?T ±1 '-<¦ *r ''
—box talcum powder, ioc. Btripcd ticking cgsU J _ rPff tT__ WK&&£% dMM^HA^^^ ' HER LADYSHIP CORSET — the queen of corsets. Let
—Hair brushes, real bristles, with $1.25 ones have 3 lbs. of excellent *~ 1jf%Pmr****5^~ x , , , ' tl//ot ' 0 - cl
solid wood backs. 50c. . feathers ln thorn, covered with * ™ "¦"^¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦i""*"^^^ her rCl°1l. She ZVlll Drill? \'OU COrSCt freedom. Models for CZ'CTV
— Violet toilet water, extra ttne, a good grade of blue and white ; . • : ; .„. . ft _, . . • ' .
Bradiej-'s. 35c ticking. Market Street, near Sixth, San Francisco. ; •? '':¦ '¦¦'¦ ¦'¦'¦' figure. Prices for every purse.
Van Page of Interesting Pic-
tnrcs in the
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
si:e the photographs.
CHILD MODELS . OF THE
STUDIOS.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦raBHHHl»BEEBg
¦ ¦¦;¦¦ ¦ .^^^ ¦ ¦¦ ¦ m ' • _^^^ - B
¦';-..; ,'Why wear a torturous truss this hot S
g -weather? We can forever relieve you of it. g
S;We r ;have cured hundreds. Gall and get their 3
g: names and ;see them about it. We can do the g
¦ .'samerfpivybu. NO PAY TILL CURED. ¦
] FibELITY RUPTURE CURE |
m' - l344Markct St., San Francisco §
BHUflBBflBaflflBflBBMHUUHBBBBflBBBaflHHMB*
Some opportunities that may
suit your capital advertised to-
day—Investigate.
Have yon ever considered the
investment I propositions ln the
BUSINESS CHANCE COL-
UMNS?- . • .-..