The lack of public interest in the
convention was evidenced by the. large
number of spectators' seats vacant.
Seats at 'former Republican conven
tions have usually brought a prem
ium. To-day speculator* offered them,
but there were. few takers and as the
hour approached for the convention
to assemble they sold them for a song.
X wilderness of vacant seats was in
Another picture was presented by the
opening day, so different from the cus
tcrnary convention ecene as to attract
marked attention. " It was the fail
ure of the delegates and the spectators
to warm to the spirit of the occasion.
The mention of President Roosevelt
was responded to with hearty, though
not prolonged, applause. The lack of
contest eliminated the necessity for en
thusiasm and. the mild cheering and
rather listless handclapping which was
tho greeting given impartially to na
tional figures of the party was prob
ably all that could be expected under
the circumstances.
CHICAGO. June 21.— Without a dis
turbing clement to impede smooth
operation, the first day's programme of
the Republican National Convention
was curried out like clockwork. Not a
Jarring sound was heard, not a false
etep taken. It was an assembly of
non-combatant delegates which carried
into effect, without the thunderous
demonstration usually attendant upon
political conventions, a purpose that
had been clearly defined.
An organization was perfected pre
paratory to the adoption of a plat
form and the making of nominations
in the succeeding days of the conven
tion. From the quiet, yet unmistak
able, enthusiasm provoked by senator
Fairbanks' arrival at the Coliseum, his
nomination for Vice President is but
little less assured than the nomination
of Theodore Roosevelt for President.
The keynote to the campaign of 1904
was eounded by Elihu Root . in his
speech as temporary chairman. His
address was a review of the accom
plishments *of the present administra
tion and a defense of Republican pol
icies in general. When that had been
delivered and the various working com
mittees dispatched to their labors the
business of to-day's session was com
pleted.
CROWD NOT A NOISY ONE.
State pride figured strongly in the
convention. Each State had its friends
in the galleries, who showered plau
dits upon their delegation as they en
tered the Coliseum. The floor filled
with delegates so rapidly that many
prominent figures slipped . in unno
ticed. Among these was Senator Lodge,
who is accredited with having a more
intimate knowledge of what the con
vention Is doing than any other man.
Before the gathering was called to or
der by Postmaster General Payne,
chairman of the Republican National
Committee, Senator Lodge moved
about among the delegations and his
ear was sought continually by embry
onic platform makers. The Massa
chusetts Senator never stopped long
enough, however, to grow intimate.
The first epeech of the convention
The picture was one of good order,
where sergeants at arms and police
men were not needed.
• The Fairbanks boom for the Vice
Presidency flourished unrestricted
during the convention proceedings. It3
impetus was gained when the Indiana
delegation .entered the Coliseum and.
led by the two Senators, Fairbanks
and Beverldge,* proceeded ! down - the
aisle to their seats near the stage. The
ovation given Senator Fairbanks was
greater ] than was ! received "by any of
his distinguished colleagues. •
, To-day's proceedings afforded no
opportunity for the advancement of
other candidates. No mention was
made of the names of favorite sons
whose ambitions are not taken seri
ously beyond the boundaries of their
own States. The applause for Sena
tor Fairbanks appeared to be general.
The placidity of political opponents
as they sat in the. hall, welded into a
substantial party citizenship unani
mously agreeing on principles and dif
fering only on non-essentials, was one
of the features of the convention. The
New York delegation, which occupied
a position of honor directly in front of
the platform, supplied a good example
of the -prevailing harmony. On the
opposite side of the center aisle, in
equal command of the platform, was
the Illinois delegation, which had a
bitter ficht within its ranks as late
as yesterday. To-day, if any soreness
remained, to all outward appearances
It had been healed.
LODGE SLIPS IN UNNOTICED.
the gallery and on " the mezzanine
floor, where not # more than two-thirds
of- the chairs " were occupied. The
first floor was well filled.
With Their Purposes Weir Defined,
Leaders of the Party Are in
Full Accord.
REPUBLICAN CONVENTION ORGANIZES
AND CLEARS WAY FOR NOMINATIONS
'CHICAGO, June 21.— The Indiana
delegation . made a ; tour of the dif
ferent State 'delegations to-night and
created considerable interest, although
no. direct attempt was made to boom
the nomination of Senator Fairbanks
for Vice; President. There is a prac
tically' unanimous -belief that the In
diana Senator j is chosen. There has
been some communication with Rep
resentative Hitt and he has been in
formed 'of thesituation.' It Is expected
he; will authorize the withdrawal of
his name, in which Vcase the other
names will ; be : withdrawn and the
nomination ; of ; Senator Fairbanks will
be unopposed.
Nomination of Fairbanks for Vice
' President Will Be Unopposed. :
inTT LIKELY TO WITHDRAW.
'It is pointed out. that much of the
opposition that- existed . to .. Cortelyou's
select ion v as national chairman was
based on the. statement, made inva'i
rlous I forms,' that" he was at one time
a Democrat, and that he is at heart -a
free trader. A -high official of, the Gov
ernment, who has known Cortelyou for
many years, - to-night authorized a
WASHINGTON, June 21.— Secretary
Cortelyou of the Department of Com
merce and Labor -left here this after
noon for Chicago to attend the Repub
lican National Convention. Advices
received by President v Roosevelt and
others here from- the convention lead
era indicate that doubt of. Secretary
Cortelyou's selection as national chair
man has been removed entirely. Such
opposition as existed to Cortelyou has
been dissipated, and the belief in au
thoritative quarters here Is. that he will
be elected unanimously by: the -new
national committee at its meeting sub
sequent to the adjournment of the con
vention.: : / ¦ ¦'¦¦ '
Always an Enthusiastic Exponent of
Republican Principles.
CORTELYOU'S RECORD CLEAR.
To-day's programme of" the conven
tion was not of a nature to attract
more than ordinary interest. The mat
ter of greatest importance was the pre
senting to the convention of the propo
sition to admit the delegations from
the Philippine Islands and Porto Rico.
Root asked for a ruling on the ques
tion of calling names of the new pos
sessions in the roll for the naming of
members of the various .'committees.
The convention ordered the seating and
recognition of six delegates from the
Philippines, with two votes, and two
delegates from Porto Rico.
In the convention hall to-day there
was one woman delegate, who had the
same right to vote that was held by
each accredited male delecate. She was
was by Senator Scott, who informally
presented to Chairman Payne a beauti
ful gavel. It was the gift of the Chi
cago Citizens' Committee, which co
operating with the national committee
man from Illinois, on behalf of the
Chicago committee, presented a similar
gavel to Temporary Chairman Root.
It was left to Governor Van Sant of
Minnesota first to place the President's
name before the convention. He found
the occasion in presenting to the con
vention a table which had been built
by the Manual Training School con
nected with the South Minneapolis
High School. The applause was gen
eraJ, but not long continued, and in
that respect set a precedent which was
followed In succeeding demonstra
tions.
COLONIES REPRESENTED.
Mrs. Charles AV Eldredge of Colorado
Springs, an alternate delegate whose
principal was absent. Other women
alternates present were Mrs. Owen E.
Le Fevre of Colorado, Mrs. Susan West
of Idaho and Mrs. Jennie :E. Nelson of
Utah, these States, having woman suff
rage. .
statement concerning his political rec
ord. . ; ' , . • ¦ . •*
"Secretary George B. Cortelyou's
father, and grandfather were Repub
licans of the stanchest kind," said he.
"All, the teachings of Cortelyou's ear
lier years were in that political fai|h,
and when he took up the study of pub
lic questions on his own account he be
came a firm believer in Republican
doctrines. His 'first vote was cast for
a- Republican candidate, and from that
date to this he has voted the Republi
can ticket. Cortelyou was one of the
founders of the Young Men's Republi
can Club of Hempstead, N. Y."
Delegates and Spectators Greet the Mention of President
Roosevelt's Name With Applause.
"Secretary Shaw defended the prac
tice of American manufacturers who
sell abroad cheaper than at home.
Some of the articles thus sold are pro
tected in this country by patents, he
said, and are not protected in the for
eign countries. Further, the manu
facturer is allowed a rebate en Im
ported raw material when he exports
the finished article and this permits
a reduction of price.
Address an Immense Mass-Meeting to
the Auditorium. ¦
CHICAGO. June 21. — Secretary of
the Treasury Shaw and Rej>resentatl»«
J. Adam Bede of Minnesota to-ntgat
addressed an immense mass-meeting
in the Auditorium. Frank O. Lowden
presided.
Bede began by paying a tribute to
McKinley and Hanna and said their
lives should be an Inspiration for men
to go on with the work they had be
gun. . Applause greeted hi3 assertion
that the people of the United States
sympathized with Japan in her strug
gle, because Japan stood for liberty
and a higher civilization. _ _
SHAW AND BEDE SPEAK.
The La Follette men declined to
make any statement as they left the
committee-room, but marched straight
across the anteroom, down, the stair
way and left the building.
Aroused by the charges contained In
the statement of the La Follette fac
tion, the credentials committee readily
granted a request of the Spooner men
that they be given a hearing for the
purpose of clearing themselves of the
charges made by their opponents. The
conimittee decided to make the Wis
consin matter a special order of busi
ness and called on the "stalwarts."
After listening to the arguments by
counsel for the "stalwarts" for an
hour and a half the chairman, by di
rection of the committee, appointed
this sub-committee to make a thor
ough examination of all the papers in
the case forthwith and report to the
full committee as soon as practicable:
Governor Durbin of Indiana, chair
man; E. C. Benton of Massachusetts
and J. J. Gardner of New Jersey. The
sub-cemmittee promptly withdrew
and began its investigation.
of Roe. Some members of the com
mittee scowled at him and others
smiled sarcastically, but not one word
was said in reply. Roe advanced to
the clerk's desk, handed up his pa
per and then.^ in company with Con
nor and Cochems, left the committee
room.
The La Follette faction was repre
sented by W. G. Connor of Marshfield.
Wis.. Gilbert E. Roe of New York and
Henry F. Coehems of Milwaukee. The
burden of prnof was on the contestants
and they opened and closed their case
with a single statement by Roe, who
said:
"We do not consider this an un
prejudiced committee. We under
stand that several members of this
committee have been approached and
we therefore decline to present our
case, preferring to submit if to the
people of Wisconsin at the election
next November. " I will file with the
committee this paper, containing the
statement I have just made."
A dead silence followed the speech
The "Black and Tans" decided to
carry the contest to the floor of the
convention.
LA FOLLETT/E >fEN WITHDRAW.
The La Follette faction of the Wis
consin Republicans declined to make a
contest before the credentials commit
tee this afternoon, declaring that it re
fused to do \so on the ground that the
committee on credentials was not an
unprejudiced body and making the flat
statement that it understood that some
members of the committee had been
"approached." What the nature of the
"approach" might be, , . or by whom
made, the La Follette men declined to
state. They entered into no particu
lars, simply making the broad and
general charge of an "approach," and
withdrew.
CHICAGO, June 21.— The credentials
committee organized for work at 4
o'clock, with Senator JlcComas of
Maryland in the chair. By unanimous
vote the committee upheld the action of
the National" Committee and declared
the J. Edward Addicks delegation from
Delaware entitled to seats in the con
vention.
The anti-Addicks faction, through its
attorney, charged that Addicks had at
different times used $390,000 to obtain
the election of his lieutenants and In
the effort to elect himself United States
Senator.
Addicks arose to a question of per
sonal privilege and emphatically de
nied the charge. He was not permitted
to make a speech, however, but replied
to questions from the committee.
The, fight between the contesting del
egates at larsre from Louisiana -was
long and vigorous and was terminated
by the decision, of the committee to
seat all four delegates at large from
the "Lily Whites" and an equal num
ber from the "Black and Tans," each
delegate to have one-half of a vote.
CHICAGO. June 21. — The incident of the day, which is destined to live long in the mem
ory of convention spectators occurred during Elihu Root's tribute to -President .McKin
ley. The temporary chairman spoke of the late President's administration. of progress, his gen
tleness of character and those qualities so beloved by the nation, and_ i n that connection 'said
feelingly : . . ¦
"And. with McKinley, we remember Hanna."
A' hush almost oppressive sprend over the 7000 or more persons present. The speaket
had paused expectantly. As he started to resume the full forccof- the tie stretched between
the two greatest of recent political heroes went home to the delegates. The applause started
and in a great wave was carried to every, part of the immense halL The demonstration was un
like any that had preceded it or that came after. An indefinable dignity was attached to the out
burst, which seemed foreign to a political gathering.
La Follette's Wisconsin Faction Re
fuses to Abide by Credentials
Committee's Decision.
CONVENTIONS TRIBUTE TO THE DEAD.
SCENE IX THE. GREAT AUDITORIUM AT CHICAGO WHEN* THE REPUBLICAN* NATIONAL CONVENTION WAS CALLED TO ORDER BY CHAIRMAN PAYXE.
THE TTTEATXJUS. ,
Alcsiar — "layers' louis."
Calif oral*—" A Prince of ZJars."
— "Iilsrhts o' London."
Colombia — "Tie Frond Prince."
Grates — Vaudeville.
rischer's — "Tne Mormons."
Grand — "Ss Barry." Matinee
f To-Day.
Orpheum — Vaudeville. * Matinee
To-Day.
Tivoli— "Bobln Hood."
The San Francisco Call
THE WEATSEB.
Torecast toad* at S*n Pran
eltco for thirty boon cadlmr
mlflslrht, June 23:
Eaa Prandtco and rlclaitr—
r«lr WadsetOay; wurnn; liffht
•oatherly winds, changing to
fresh westerly.
Dlrtxict 7or*oactcr.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCVL- NO. 22.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JUNE, 22, 1904.Japan says it will, unless Russia,re
cedes from its claims.— New York Com;
merclaL . .. ___
and Russia begin?
It began in 1895, when,, by war,
Japan had forced China , to recognize
Korea's independence and to grant
Japan the southern end of Manchuria.
Russia forced Japan to give up. Man
churia, seized the surrendered terri
tory, and secured a timber-cutting con
cession in the Yalu Valley In Korea,
v What brought on the present crisis?
Last year Russia advanced the claim
that the timber concession extends to
the ; valleys of all rivers tributary to
the Yalu, and that it gives the Rus
sians the right to build railways and
to monopolize the Port of Yongampho
at the Yalu'a mouth.
Did Russia announce its intention to
annex Korea? V "A'?.
It did not. But Japan took the
ground that its procedure meant "vir
tual annexation/and so issued a pro
test.
. Is this likely to lead to war?
Fashion in Crime.
It would appear from the report for
last year of the Prison Commissioners
for Scotland that drunkenness in that
country is yielding before the superior
attractions of burglary. From 1902 to
1903 the commitments for trifling delin
quencies fell from 55,120 to 48,956,
whereas those for serious offenses
rose from 10,601 to 11,120. Certain pre
sumptuous persons have hazarded the
theory that the high proportion of of
fenders, which, in the northern king
dom, declined to avail itself of the "op
tion" had relation to natural charac
teristics, if it was not, indeed, due to
the fact that the Scotchman, much as
he disliked going to prison, disliked
parting with his money more. The
commissioners now point out that in
Ireland more than half the fines im
posed are less than 6 shillings, which
probably accounts for 81 per cent of
them being paid. In Scotland, on the
other hand, where only 45 per cent were
paid, more than half are of 10 shillings
and upward.— Lojjdon. Telegraph.
The Dead Sea.
There are no fishes in the Dead
Sea — no life of any kind. The per
centage of solids in the water is
enormous — about 26 per cent. The
principal solid ingredients are of the
chlorides of sodium, magnesium and
calcium. The deepest part of the
Dead Sea's bed lies 2600 feet below
the level of the Mediterranean; its
depth there is 1310 feet. Oddly
enough, it has a cloud system of its
own, for one may frequently see* cloud
banks lying over the Dead Sea which
are 600 or 700 feet below the level
of the ocean. — Chicago News.
DESCRIBES PORT ARTHUR.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., June 21.— The
News to-day received from Hector Ful
ler, its special war correspondent, who
effected an entrance into Port Arthur,
where he was imprisoned five days and
How hard it Is to make a Jiving sell-
Ing books. And how easy it is to make
a living selling whisky.
cial cable in which he gave his obser
vations while in the besieged fort, as
follows:
"Port Arthur was full of life and
then ordered from the fortress, a spe-
For. two reasons. First, Russian
vessels must make a long detour
around Korea to pass from Vladivos
tok, Siberia, to Port Arthur, the Rus
sian harbor in Manchuria. In tViis
Journey they must traverse a narrow
strait between Korea and a Japanese
island, comparable to Gibraltar. To
insure free passage Russia seeks to
control the end of the Korean penin
sula. Second, when Russia begins its
anticipated absorption of China it
would be inconvenienced if a hostile
power should have a "military base on
the northeastern coast of Asia. There
fore it desires to annex Koreal
¦ Why does^ Japan object to the Rus
sian annexation of Kor"ea? •
Because Japan is overcrowded with
a population twelve times as dense as
that of the United States and it seeks
an outlet for its immigrants on the
mainland. The island empire has
hoped, too, to make Korea the base of
an attempt to extend Japanese influ
ence throughout China. Furthermore,
it now conducts nine-tenths of Ko
rea's commerce and owns, Korea's two
railways. Its trade and railways
would both be threatened and proba
bly deprived of value. in the event of
Russia's success. And, finally, i Japan
holds : that its own independence
would be menaced were Russia to gain
the harbor at the end of the Korean
peninsula almost within cannon range
of the Japanese island fortress of
Tsushima. " —<
Does Japan want to annex Korea?-
No. It is satisfied to maintain
Korea's sovereignty, with the expecta
tion that its natural advantage of situ
ation will give it the lion's share of
Korea's trade.
, When did the trouble between Jajjao
Not especially. It is a purely agri
cultural land, and the methods of cul
tivation are primitive. A few gold
mines are operated and there are
supposed to be deposits -of copper,
iron and coal.
1 Why, then, does Russia want
Korea?
Chiefly because of Its position.
Korea is an extension of Manchuria,
which, practically belongs to Russia.
In the natural development of con-,
tiguous territory Russian merchants
have crossed the boundary into Korea
and Russian interests accumulating
there under the weak native govern
ment naturally look to the Czar for
protection.
Why is Korea of, strategic value to
Russia?
In order to give its readers a means
of understanding exactly what the
Russia-Japan "casus belli" is the
Kansas City Star thus presents the
"A. B. C." of the situation:
What is the trouble in the Far
East?
Japan is trying to keep Russia out
of Korea.
What is Korea and where is it sit
uated?
Korea is an autocracy under Japan
ese influence, about as large as Kan
sas, with a population estimated at
between eight and sixteen millions.
The empire occupies a peninsula just
south of Siberia, jutting into the Pa
cific Ocean between the Yellow Sea
and the Sea of Japan, and reaching
within less than one hundred miles of
the southern end of Japan.
Is Korea a rich country?
The Reason Why Japan and
Kussia Are Now Engaged
in the Game of War
HONOLULU, June 15.— Bishop Res
tarlck of the Anglican church believes
there is less harm in Mormon polyg
amy than arises through the divorce
laws of the. States. In a paper read
before the Social Science Club here,
after instancing the case of a man who
has secured three divorces within a
v^ry few years and had been married
a fourth time, the Bishop said:
"This man, and there are thousands
like him. was enabled under law to
wreck life after life because he could
be freed from the bond of marriage
more easily than he could be freed
from the most trivial business con
tract, and he is permitted to marry
as often as he pleases and so to be
what may be called a -consecutive
polygamist.'
"There is a great cry now being
made against a Senator, because he be
longs to a sect which believes in
polygamy, as there was a short time
ago about preventing a. polygamous
Congressman from taking his seat. I
deliberately believe that Mormon
polygamy is less debasing to the in
dividual and less harmful to Boclety
than. the kind of polygamy practiced
by. thousands in many vt our States.
The polygamist husband supports his
wives and children, the consecutive
polygamist divorces wife after. wife as
the fancy takes him, and leaves the
deserted ones to support themselves
and their children, or leaves them to
become a charge upon the public, his
children often becoming inmates of
cl/ldren's homes."
So States Anglican Bishop
of Honolulu at Meeting
of Social Science Club
Frances Jane Crosby, the writer of
hymns, has just found in a Presby
terian church in New Jersey the organ
she played on fifty years ago, when
t-he was in the New York City Insti
tution for the Blind. She was led to the
organ loft sind played beautifully and
strongly She had played on that organ
for raa-ny distinguished visitors to that
institution, such as Henry Clay, Mar
thai .Bertrand (Napoleon's marshal).
General Scott and Martin Farquhar
Tuppcr. The hymnist's proper'designa
tion, by the way, is Mrs. Van Alstyne,
for she was married in 1S58; but she is
always referred to as "Fannie Crosby,"
and generally with "Miss" prefixed.
She is now 84 years old. Her hymn,
"Safe in the Arms of Jesus," was writ
ten iu twenty minutes on an "emer
gency call,'" so to epeak. She has writ
ten over E000 hymns. But she has also
¦written other songs, and favorites, too,
such as "There's Music in the Air" and
the- old-fashioned "Rosalie, the Prairie
Flower." both of these set to muEic by
G. F. Root.— Boston Advertiser.
Voluminous Hymn Writer.
The statement complains of the cen
sorship of telegTams at Seoul and at
Nagasaki which the headcuarters cen
sor had already approved.
It also complains of the strict en
forcement of the rules framed by the
general staff at Tokio, which prevents
correspondents in the field from send
ing details of what Tokio correspond
ents are often permitted to describe.
The statement further requests that
some freedom be granted correspond
ents ir. the matter of moving about and
observing the army and its operations.
Lieutenant Albert S. Fuger, an
American artillery officer, who was
traveling on leave, attempted to visit
the headquarters of the Japanese army
for the purpose of observation. Not
having his credentials with him, he
was escorted back to Antung from a
half-way station.
GENERAL, KUROKI'S HEAD
QUARTERS IN THE FIELD, June 21,
8 p. m.— There has been much dissatis
faction among newspaper correspond
ents over their status with the Japan
ese army, resulting in several protests
to the staff. Finally a written state
ment of their grievances was presented
by the entire body of correspondents
here.
Newspaper Men Complain of Japanese
Censorship of Dispatches.
CORRESPONDENTS PROTEST.
DIVORCE WORSE
THAN POLY GAMY
WHAT TROUBLE
IS ALL ABOUT
SEOUL, Korea, June 21. — A telegram
from Gensan states that a Russian de
tachment passed through Chongin to
day scouting in the direction of Ping
yang.
Russians Scouting in Chongln.
Reliable gas ranges $16 50. regular
price $20. this week only at S. F. Gaa
& Electric Co., 415 Post' st. : -- • ,--.,
The Tramp Stenographer.
In her failure to get steady work the
girl who comes to New York is apt to
become a lonely, homeless thing of "no
continuing city," known and disre
spected by business men under the
title of "a floater." A "floater" is a
girl tramp stenographer, who lives
from hand to mouth and town to town,
who gets started rolling around and
does not want any moss, will not stay
in any position long, Bimply making
enough in each place to get on to the
next. It is an ugly form of wander
lust. The floaters are held unreliable
and firms have become wary of engag
ing them. The number of floaters is
sadly on the Increase. Last month the
agency of a New York company in Los
Angeles reported sixty in that city and
throughout the South came word of
continued Increase in the number of
these restless, nestless birds, patheti
cally following the summer. — Era
azine. •,
PROMINENT PRIESTS GO
TO SANTA CLARA RETREAT
Sixty Members of the Catholic Clercry
Assemble at Biennial
Function.
SAN JOSE, June 21.— The secular
pastors of the Catholic churches of the
Archdiocese of San Francisco began
their biennial retreat at Santa Clara
College yesterday evening. About sixty
priests are present, and they represent
the counties of San Francisco, Ala
meda. San >Iateo. and Santa Clara. The
retreat will be given by Rev. Henry
Woods of St. Ignatius College In San
Francisco. It will conclude on Saturday
morning. Among- the prominent priests
in attendance are his grace Archbishop
Montgomery and Rev. Peter C. York.
Red Pepper for Ants.
A small boy who lived with his aunt
and grandma noticed that the regular
black pepper shaker was filled with
red pepper. This startled him and,
turning to Kis aunt, who sat next at
the table he said: "You'd better not
eat any of that red pepper, Aunt Har
riet; grandma says that red pepper
kills ants." — Christian Intelligencer.
If a bd£ has five or six sisters he is
lucky if he escapes being a sissy boy.
An amateur never begins to hear the
real facts about the show until a month
after it is over.
VLADIVOSTOK, June 21. — A large
Japanese schooner laden with provi
sions has been brought into port.
Russian torpedo-boats have destroy
ed a number of other Japanese sailing
craft laden with food, along the coast
of Japan.
visions Taken by Russians.
Japanese Schooner Laden With Pro-
FOOD VESSEL CAPTURED.
Bandit Will Atxept $20,000 In Cash
and Balanee in Bills of
Exchange.
LONDON, June 22. — The Mail's
Tangier correspondent telegraphs:
"Two conferences were held to-day
between the American and British
Ministers which were attended by the
American admiral and the captain of
the British battleship Prince of Wales.
"All the shiDS in the harbor have
landed parties to be ready day and
night.
"Quiet now prevails* in the town, but
reports from all parts of the country
are to the effect that the tribes are
growing more restless."
The Express this morning prints a
dispatch from its correspondent at
Tangier which says that Ralssoull has
agreed to accept $20,000 for the ran
som of Perdicari^ and Varley in cash
and the remainder In bills of ex.
change.
RAISSOLXI MARES TERMS
FOR RELEASE OF MEN*
ly and her messages were recorded on
board the Russian cruisers and were
translated by some of the Japanese
prisoners. One message read:
"The Russians are in the straits.
Run for safety." ¦
The Russians vainly tried to catch
the Japanese cruiser.
The prize court Is certain to con
demn the British collier Allanton. cap
tured by the Russian squadron during
the raid. She came out at the begin
ning of the war and went around the
Cape of Good Hope so as to avoid the
squadron of Vice Admiral WireniU3
and then engaged In carrying Japanese
coal from Muraron to Sasebo, Japan.
The cargo was" nominally consigned in
each case to British agents at Hong
kong or Singapore.
GALVESTON, Texas. June 21.— On a
farm near Sonora, in Little County,
Frank Ambrose shot and killed his
father, in a quarrel over the young
wife of the father, James Ambrose, and
the S'.»n's Ftermothor.
Ambrose, who is nearly 60 years of
ape. married a young woman of 23
about eight months ago. He brought
his new wife home and was not long
In discovering that his son, whd~is 26
years of age, became very attentive to
her. For a time the young wife ap
peared to accept the attentions, but
the aped father stormed with her and
his son and it is claimed that the
couple, in a fit of temper, confessed
their love for each other.
In this unhappy state they lived for
teveral months until last Saturday the
couple left home in the ni&M and
started for Sonora, intending' to Lake
u train for Colorado. The father with
a party of friends pursued the elop
ers and overtook thorn, the old man
attempting to kill the son, who es
caped. The truant wife was returned
liome and placed under watch. This
morning the son returned to the home
In the absence of the father and was
jilannir.g another elopment when the
old man returned, and the tragedy was
enacted. Both men drew gruns and
both fired. The son escaped unhurt
and the father was shot in the abdyo
men and died in three hours.
Young Wife of Aged Fumier Attracts
Attention of Stepson and Slioot
ins l\>llo\vs.
SON SHOOTS FATHER AFTER
FIGHT OVKH STEPMOTHER
"After several shots had been fired,
warning the Hitashi to stop, without
effect, our guns opened fire and she
stopped.
"Those on board; however, paid no
attention to the signal to abandon the
ship and after, more Bhots had been
fired they commenced' to. lower boats.
The transport settled down very slow
ly and consequently the Gromoboi was
ordered to expedite the sinking of her,
which was soon accomplished.
"After the sinking of the. transport
two more. Bteamers were sighted by
the Gromoboi 'and' they were chased.
They proved to, be the transports Sado
and Hitashi, each of 6000 tons. On the
former, In addition to military stores,
were men of the telegraph corps j and
twelve officers and' some pontoons. On
the Hitashi were 1000 troops, besides
military stores.
"The Rossiay was ordered to capture
the Sado and the v " Grc/moboi the Hit
ashi, which tried to escape.
"Among the 105 taken on. board the
Gromoboi were 'seventeen officers.
-;ST. PETERSBURG, -June/ ; 21.-i-Em
peror Nicholas has". received the follow
ing dispatch frbm'iyice Admiral Skryd
loff, dated, June 21:- " ?
.''On June 12 our. squadron, consisting
of the 1 crulser~Il6ssiaz, flying the" flag of
Vice • Admiral Bezobrasoff, 1 and;- the
cruisers GYomotibi -and Rurik, . left to
assume the offensive against the mari
time communications of the Japanese
army. The squadron returned to port
ort June 20. • •— ¦— '-— '-'--¦- '-
• '--•"Its., commander* reports that on the_
'morning of June-.-15 the squadron"- ad
vanced from the 'north toward the
Strait of Shimonoseki. When within
twenty miles . of; the __ strait our ships
perceived on, the horizon two, steamers
which they chased,. but' could not over
haul, owing to the "great distance. At
the same time a third 'ship was'seen by
the cruisers, which the Gromoboi was
ordered to capture.' The ship proved to
be the transport Idzumi. In .spite of
repeated orders to; stop she refused to
do so until she had been struck by sev
eral shells. She thenstopped T and men
began to jump overboard. The Grom
oboi then signaled} for those on board
the Bhlp to quit the- ship, which was
done, the crew leaving in two boats.
These, together with those who had
jumped overboard and who were picked
up by boats from the cruisers, were re
ceived on board the ¦Gromoboi.
"The Idzumi, which was of 3000 tons,
was then sunk bv our guns.
CAPTURE OFFICERS. .
LONDON, June 22. — The Tokio
correspondent of the Daily Telegraph
says that thirty-one guns, three tor
pedoes and a large quantity of am
munition have been recovered from
the Russian cruiser Varlag, which was
sunk by the Japanese at Chemulpo at
the beginning of hostilities.
Guns, Torpedoes and Ammunition Re
covered From Russian Cruiser.
ORDXAN'CE IS SAVED.!
"On the night of June 13 the Japan
ese made another attack on Port Ar
thur, both by land and by .sea, I. saw
distinctly the firing from my cell win
dow. When the affair was over the
Russian officers returned laughing to
their quarters, reporting that the en
emy had been easily repulsed."
"In the same prison with me were
confined 100 Japanese who had been
captured from the blockading expedi
tion. Several of these had become In
sane. . . .¦¦¦'. - .
gayety, quite out of comparison with
the stories of distress that had reached
Chefu through Japanese sources. There
seemed to be an abundance of supplies
and fresh supplies were coming In from
Chinese sources. The' Japanese block
ade has not been effective. The harbor
entrance has been freed of obstruc
tions, the battleships have been re
paired and the fortifications are con
stantly being made str&nger. 'The gar
rison is larger than outside Informa
tion had' led me to suppose. The" troops
are in excellent condltion.and the gen
eral health Conditions of the. city are
good- There seemed to be no appre
liension that the city- was likely soon to
fall.
Chinese arriving in Junks from Port
Arthur report that conditions are un
changed there.
• LIAOYANG, June 21.— Detailing the
fighting of June 13 and 16, a corre
spondent who was present at the bat
tle of Vafangow eays that the work
of the Red Cross in attending to the
wounded under ' fire was beyond all
praise. One Red Cross assistant was
killed and another was wounded.
The Tobolsk Regiment saved the last
hospital train from Vafangow by gal
lantly throwing itself between the train
and a superior force of Japanese and
by holding off the enemy while the
train was under a heavy fire.
Shell fire burned the Red Cross sta
tion at Vafangow, destroying almost all
the supplies belonging to the sisters
of mercy and much hospital material.
MUKDEN. June 21.— The Port Arthur
squadron is again intact and the har
bor channel Js clear. On June IS the
battleships Retvizan and Pobieda
steamed out from the . harbor _ and
cruised about for several hours.
NEWCHWANG, June 20, midnight.—
According to an American missionary
who claims to have received informa
tion from a native source, a force of
Japanese cavalry attacked the Russian
outposts at Lloayang last Saturday .•
. According to the same authority, the
fighting continued on Sunday. Faint
firing was heard here for several hours
this afternoon in the direction pf Hai
cheng. .'..¦¦¦
A strong wind has been blowing" in
that direction to-night, and frequent
flashes believed to have been from ar
tillery fire were seen. ¦ • - .
NEW YORK,. Jun« 21.— The World
has the following from St.- Petersburg:
"The Gazette announces that there has
been a sanguinary battle at Haicheng.
The Russians retreated with heavy
losses."
ST. PETERSBURG. June 21.— The
reports of heavy fighting at Haicheng
are denied by the general staff. The
Japanese are continuing to advance
from Siuyen and there are continuous
skirmishes between outposts, but no
further advance of General Oku's army
has been reported. ; ¦''- . '%.
The Russian losses at the battle, of
Vafangow are turning out to be heav
ier a* the reports of the various regi
ments come in. They are now placed
by a conservative estimate at 4000, but
a usually well-informed authority ex
pects the total to be no less than 6500.
CHEFU, June 21, 10 p. m.— Officers of
the United States collier Brutus, while
passing eighty miles north of Shanghai,
state that they saw four Japanese tor
pedo-boats and one cruiser firing, on
Saturday night. In the morning the
Japanese vessels were still visible, but
there was no sign of the enemy.
The Russians, " having done every
thing possible to save, the lives of
those on board, discharged two tor
pedoes against the vessel. A heavy
squall broke at that time and hid the
sinking transport from view. A three*
masted Japanese cruiser witnessed the
whole affair. The Russians caught her
wireless messages. The apparatus of
the enemy's cruiser worked incessant-
RUSSIANS GET MESSAGES.
. The Japanese transport Sado, which
was sunk by the squadron, carried
1360 coolies, for railroad work in
Korea, 1200 tons of coal, 1000 tons
of rice, railroad and telegraph equip
ment,, 100 horses and a large amount
of specie. The specie was thrown
overboard by" the purser. Besides
ten boats, the Sado carried twelve
rafts, each capable of carrying
100 men. - As soon as the crew was
ordered to leave the ship the coolies
rushed on deck, filled the boats and
headed them for the coast. Admiral
Bezobrazoff sent boats to the Sado to
take oft* the captain and officers. Cap
tain Oguro, twelve military officers
and three Englishmen in the Japanese
service came, the others refusing to
leave the ship. -"
Vladivostok, June 21.— Lying in
the harbor are the three Russian
cruisers which have just returned from
their successful raid in the Japan Sea
and Straits of Korea. Vice Admiral
Bezobrazoff took the squadron out
June 12. The first day the warships
were fogbound. They reached the
Korean Straits June 15 and were
sighted and watched by a fast three
masted Japanese cruiser. Off Tau
Island the Russians pursued a vessel
resembling a yacht, which escaped in
shore. . ' .
"On board the Allanton was found a
Japanese subject of the educated class.
Ha was apparently one of the crew."
WATCHED BY A CRUISER.
On the following day in the Tsugaru
strait our squadron stopped the British
steamer Allanton.' Her captain de
clared to the efflcers not to examine
her, that he was proceeding from Mu
roran to" Singapore with 6500' tons of
coal. An examination of the crew and
inspection of the ship's papers and cer
tain irregularities in ': the log, coupled
with the fact that the steamer had pre
viously conveyed contrabands to Japan,
led us to doubt the neutrality of her
cargo and she was sent to Vladivostok
under guard. There her case will be
examined by a prize court.
."No other ships were seen during the
cruise.
- Our squadron then,, considering the
matter ended and in view also of the
growing darkness, proceeded on its
cruise, a Japanese cruiser watching all
the time. ¦
j--- T Aie.. J Burik..M:as -ordered- to pick-up
the officers, soldiers and crew, but it
was .only .possible', to capture four for
eigners engaged on the transport and
twenty-five officers. The other troops
did not leave the transport and the
«unk was then ordered to torpedo and
• * n *w"i r - Th e. transport: not sinking
at the first torpedo, a second was fired
which sank her. - •
"The Sado stopped after several shots
had. been fired across herbtWand in
accordance 'with our signals, Tier boats,
which* were -numerous, .were lowered.
Some of the boats were - precipitately
lowered and several capsized. iThe other
boats,/ crowded with men, headed
toward Tsu and Iki islands, which were
visible in the distance.;.- The weather
was calm and the sea perfectly quiet.
* torpedoes' used. ' . ;.'
Skrydloff Describes in Letter to Czar Victory
of His Squadron Near the Straits
of Shimonoseki.
Russian General Staff Denies Report That
There Is Continued Heavy Fight—
ing at Haicheng.
PORT ARTHUR HARBOR CHANNEL IS NOW UNOBSTRUCTED
AND REPAIRED SLAV BATTLESHIPS CRUISE OUT TO SEA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 22, 1904.
2
HOW TO FIND OUT.
There is comfort in the knowledge 80
often expressed that Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Hoot, the great kidney remedy.
Jultills. every wish In curing riieumatisni.
. j>aln in the back, kidm-ys. liver, bladder
end every part of the urinary passage.
It corrwts inability to hold water and
residing pain In passing it, or J>ad effects
following' use of liquor, wine. «>r beer, and
overcomes that unpleasant n«cessity of
being: compelled to go often during the
day, and to get up many times during
the night Th» mild and the extraordina-
ry effect of Swamp-Uoot is soon realized.
3t stan.ls the hiphoFt for its wonderful
cures of the most distressing cases. If
you need a medicine you should have the
best. Sold by druggists in fifty cent and
one dollar sizes. •
You may have a 6ample bottle of
Swamp-Root, the great kidney remedy,
fend a hook that tells all about it. both
«ent absolutely free by mail. ¦ Address,
J)r. Kilmer & Co.. Binghamton. N. Y.
M'hen writing bo sure to mention that
vou read this penerous offer in The San
iYnh'-'isco Daily CalL Don't make any-
mistake. but remember the name.
Swamp-Root. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root,
and the address. Binghamton, N. Y.. on
every bottle.
What to Do.
Fill a bottle or common glass with
your watpr and lot it Btajlid twenty-four
h^uris; a sediment or settling. Indicates
mi unhealthy condition of the* kidneys:
if It stains the linen it Is evidence of
Sidney trouble; too frequent desire to
pass it. or psin in th«* back is also con-
vincing proof that the kidneys and blad-
der are out of order.
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
; ADVEBTISEMENTS. -7
.... .... - ' ' . -'"*¦'' * " ". i
Floor Coverings. Hundreds of exclusive designs in
Wiltons, Axminsters, Body Brussels, Tapestry, Ingrains,
Fiber Carpet, Matting and Linoleum. No department
in the West more perfectly appointed — no carpet stock
as complete. The prices speak for themselves.
Wool Velvets Z^ii^t i°£ Linoleum Z% «£ fi& 35 c
choice patterns. S| § |3/ — —^— — — patterns. Per square yard w _ w
Ready to walk on, per yard \p«.Hx^
i 11 n-^ i d a r» il Cottage Carpet fSSSS&T&ffit
Lowell Bigelow Body Brussels , ttem ri — *— "^ " fi " mi " 2 5C
Oriental and floral designs. This good old rffc 0 f% F&
.weave is too well known to require further dc- jffc U T-nT\9iT»OC/> TV^r^-f-f T*^/t Carpet pattern. Good
scri P tion.Nocarpetmadea S lurable.Peryd. V i-ABCF japalieSe lYAaUIng fresh fi- 4) t*
'¦¦:¦ ';'<•'. "- x - - ' ber.Ckar S Tma*
Bigelow Axmmsters gftiM: colo "° p - Revmi "* PetY " i
r* ¦ ing*. Oriental r'tlTTiTl TSA<T%4iirkti Our own Importations. Good
and floral designs. Each pattern is a chef- *Vg M £» UlliHa i*iaiUUg fresh fiber. Ar- f f* |
d'oeuvre of the carpet designer's art. Per "~ " — — — _ tistic colors. Per |^2U
jRbshl isSSr M Mm *± \3sA v AM F^JLr /fi^%»^ ¦ ¦ Mjjj) tiAflTlCTTi
WZ^SS&L. -Jl • Ja3 CV w JS3 B*^ *<Sa 'Tf im I >' > • +~ Cj r*V"Tv'. 1
¦BH I ¦ b.M xm JB _ %s9 Aw m L - ? EmL ™ M *m WaJri V &•&
HvotHK * fl^XXf^ JPm fl^ . V^tak wO KSBm VOL *m Jw B*% ¦¦ * « AfT^Cf
B£!^MH«jH*»^^m'ij ¦iiffTiFTiiTCT^ > wpirMrrJBTT*~rCT^oiMjiriirnMiria^«'wim-rBfVi iffVfci tm>A O
" PAINE'S CSUSRY COMPOUND.
And not able to follow rny occupation as '^^^Hwl^^^^^^^^^^^^^k^*
stenographer. I begun takinsr * ] to&!$| *
PAINE' S CELERY iiflHBI^ ;9fp
Well and Strong : \ •
— Mn. xSniQft Petty, 920 Soros S'U. Xn- ?• . $83§S58ciMM§S§8§^'*'&v» >¦'':¦:'¦: *
"I am now well and strong." Thou- ?*: : i^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^:: : : *
sands of women whose brierht eyes, clear 4 t^^^^^^^^^^P^'^^^^^^^W^^^
complexions, buoyant spirits and unfail- n
inp health are the envy of others, owe ' »
their pure, strong blood and fine vitality ' W^^^^^M^^^^^fW^^^^-"
solely to the little morning doses ot ,, I
Paine's Celery Compound, the celebrated * *
Nerve VUalizer and Tonic W^<-^>S^S^!^SSiS^fSsS^»X^y^i^S>^}*
All- doctors know the celebrated for- |[ BY MBS. EMMA PETTT. I
mula of Palne's Celery Compound. It is ,,»,,,,,,., ,,,, ....,»»..«
neither a secret nor "patent" medicine.
Its merits aro approved by every school Qq t o VOUr Druggist TO-DAY
of medicine.* — , , . f*5L . , _
It gives your system nature's nerve — «« One DOUle Ot Fame S Celery
food— Celery— and through the Inner Compound See how DIFFER-
nerves gives instant power and vigor to _ M _f .
every organ and function of the body. E*v* *¦ *t Will maiCC you feeL
l\ BLATZ method is generally commented \ I
-fion as most remarkable and unique, for I
sp^N* the reason that in most every par- §
%j£&y ticularit is original from a brewer's H
JgpK point of view. fl
If \*s The very choicest of every com- H
Yl Vg ponent part of the Blatz brews is fl
M \Ml tne invariable rule. Only the best 11
/\ 3u\ °* M°t ner Earth's crop is ever con- [1
/ s ' dered * T ne result is a beer of B
I \K honest quality with a goodness all ||
X V^^X its own * * If
II Y£-<^ the Same Good Old "Blatz ?\
tfc^rSb^*^ BLATZ MALT- VI VINE -(Non-Intoxicant) fl
*-rr-T| -* ' A KAXT TO2TXC Pi
I* r ' For Convalescents and Run -Down Systems. fcl
W VAL, BLATZ BREWING CO., Milwaukee I
. &• SAM BffiO ®» CO., 1
V**^ WHOLESALE DEALERS, 212 BATTEBT STREET, ]¦
.. Saa rraaclico. XeL lUla 5353. 1S»Tho ability to win a 100-yard dash
doesn't always run in families.
EXAMINATIONS >T>R COOK-.— Civil *er
\1ce <»vamln_ticn for position as cook at the
Ht. Geors* Beef life station win be held by
th^ «»ju»nilner_ on .Tuly _O. Th* position eax
ri«s a nalary of $375 |/*r y*_r and onlv single
men. between the ages of 18 and 50. are ac
ceptable.
CHARGED WITH GRAND LARCENY.— Pe
t« Ols*n. a. sailor, was arrested last nl&ht and
charged with grand larceny. Olsen Is accuwd
of picking the pocket of one James Flaherty
of $6 30 In a saloon on Kast street.
Negotiations are in progress for fit
ting a certain number of light vessels
round th<? coast of the British islands
with wireless telegraphy.
YOUNG SOCIETY MAN
IS SUED FOR DIVORCE
Cruelty Is the Charge Alleged by
the Wife of a Well-Knovm San
Jose Sinjrer.
SAN JOSE, Juno 21.— Wallace O.
Avery, a young society man and a
well-known singer, was to-day sued
for divorce by Myrtle C. Avery. The
charge of cruelty is made. The parties
were married four years ago. Both
had had a matrimonial experience be
fore. Mrs. Avery was the widow of
Fred Merithew and before her first
marriage, as Miss Myrtle Coykendall.
was one of the belles of the city.
Avery was divorced from his first wife.
He is connected with a dried fruit
house as buyer. Few couple*? are bet
ter known in society in this city than
Mr. and Mrs. Avery. The divorce does
not come as a surprise." as it has been
known for some time that the couple
did not agree.
Washington Departments Issue Post
ofiiee and Army Orders and
Grant Patents.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON, June 21. — John W.
Shuferd has been commissioned post
master at Dedrick, Cal. Post Quarter
master Sergeant Robert 'Walters is re
lieved from further duty at Fort Mi
ley, Cal., and will be sent to Peking,
China, reporting on arrival to the
commandlnc officer of the 'United
States legation guard for duty. Pay
master's Clerk O. F. Cato has been
appointed for duty on board the Phil
adelphia at the navy j'ard, Puget
Sound.
Howard L. Winkler and Eugene B
Zumwalt of Visalia have been ap
pointed forest rangers.
Patents Issued: California— H. M. Barn
rrovea, San Jose, chain bucket elevator-
Frank H. Bates. San Francisco, oil cas e-en
erator; Elwood Bablock and N. F. Anderson.
I.o* Angeles, holding; device for insulator on
other holts; Clarence Bishop Brown and V
Hayes, KImont, stamp tappet and securing
means therefor; -Kenton Cooper. East High
lands, holder for fruit wrapping papers-
James I_ inirran, Rocklln. feed valve; John
T. Davis. San Francisco, manufacture of ar
tificial fuel by distillation; Fergus Ferguson
Hanta Rosa, tannont supporter: John p'
Gardner. San Francisco. horse detacher'-
George JKe'.lar and K. Thomason. Cwina. valve
for Irrigation standplpe; George W. -Itoberts
lymoore. cultivator; Charles H. Thompson'
Los Ansreles. minincr and excavating appara
tus; Lester F. Washbam. San Francisco, feed
mechanism for explosive engines: Edgar x
White, Oakland, crude oil burner; George III
Wilton, Lo» Anjeles. pavement making ma
chine. -
Washington— Fred Schaefer. Seattle, appara
tus, for recording and reproducing sounds and
optical lmpresElons; ¦ John W. Swanson Bal
lard. rotary engine: James W. H. Graham and
E. if. Potts. Seattle, airbrake.
Oregon — Nicholas Blanchet, Pendleton, cant
hcok. ; . .-.-;. » x-
"NAN" PATTERSON ENTERS
A PLEA OF NOT GUILTY
Counsel for Woman Urges Court to
Set an Early Date for
•'^ the Trial.
•NEW YORK. June 21.— A formal
plea of not guilty was made by Mrs.
Nan Patterson to-day when she was
arraigned in the Court of General Ses
sions, charged with the murder of
"Caesar" Young, the bookmaker. At
the same time counsel for Mrs. Pat
terson served notice on the District
Attorney that a motion would be made
for the court to direct an early trial
for the defendant. He said that the
physical condition of Mrs. Patterson
was such that it was a hardship to
keep her in prison and said he would
like to have the trial held in July.
Judge Newburger said he was not go
ing to sit next month and that it
would hardly be fair to ask another
Judge to hear the case. He suggested
the counsel confer and arrange tor an
early trial. *
SAN PEDRO, June 21. — Mrs.
George M. Hancock of Denver, Colo.,
a passenger on the steamer James S.
Higgins, which arrived to-day, disap
peared from the vessel early Monday
morning when the steamer was about
twenty-five miles southeast of Point
Stir. The body was not recovered.
WOMAN IS DROWNED
OFF COAST STEAMER
San Franciscan Dies in Boston.
BOSTON, June 21. — George Wal
lace, widely known in San Francisco,
New York and other large, cities,
where he formerly worked on the
staffs of the leading papers, died here
to-day of pneumonia after two days'
illness. He was at the time on the
Boston Post staff." He was a versatile
writer and during the Boer war acted
as correspondent for several American
papers, meeting with many thrilling
adventures.
The desperate men ' had taken into
their confidence several trusties, by
whose aid it was exDected pistols
would be smuggled inside the walls.
During the confusion following the
outbreak of fire the guards were to be
overpowered and a seizure made of
the arsenal. It was a bold scheme,
but ICwyuld have been attempted had
not the plans miscarried. The prison
officials will continue their investiga
tions until; all the guilty convicts are
rounded up.
SAN RAFAEL, June 21. — The
prison officials have been quietly in
vestigating the recent attempts to
burn the San Quentin penitentiary- The
ringleaders of the plot have been fer
reted out and will be punished. Rich
ard Jessup has already spent a term
in the straitjacket and others 'will
be penalized as they deserve. All the
prisoners suspected stoutly/ assert
their innocence, but the evidence of
the plot is conclusive. /
Prison Ofticinls Are Probing: Into the
Plot and Leaders Will Be
Punished.
INVESTIGATING" ATTEMPT
TO BURN SAX QUEXTIX
Woman Appointed to School Board.
SAN JOSE, June 21.— Miss Mary
Koerber, a well-known, teacher of this
city, -has been appointed a member of
the County- Board of Education by the
Supervisors. This makes two ladies
on the School Board. E. E. Browne 11
was also re-elected for a term of two
years. .
How ' often the people applaud when
you do not approve!
1 Ventura Board of Trustees Adopts
Rigorous Ordinance Concerning;
Sale of Liquor.
VENTURA, June 21. — Dr. E. 8.
Chapman, a strenuous advocate of
! prohibition, vehemently denounced
the liquor traffic in an address en
titled "Go Forward" at the Presbyte
rian church Sunday night and. as an
answer to his plea for recognition to
ward the abolishing of saloons, the
Town Board Monday night passed or
dinance No. 131. raisins the license
from $400 to. $600 and prohibiting all
! gambling. '% '.-. .
INCREASES THE LICENSE
.¦V AND BARS GA3IBLING
NEW YORK, June 22. — An auxil
iary sloop is reported to have blown
up early to-day wliile coming up the
bay. The police believe at leas! two
persons lost their lives. The name of
the boat has not been learned.
The explosion occurred a half mile
off .shore, opposite Thirty-fourth
street. South Brooklyn. Police from
the Fort Hamilton station rowed to
the scene. They found parts of a gas
oline tank, an empty dory and two
side pieces of an auxiliary sloop, ap
parently about forty-five feet long,
but nothing to indicate the boat's
identity. One shoe and a brown hat
were picked up also.
Hans Johnson, sailor on a small
yacht anchored near shore, was blown
overboard by the force of* the explo
sion. He was rescued by the police.
WASHINGTON, June 21. — Secre
tary Taft Is authority for the state
ment that Major General Wade, now
commanding the Philippine division,
probably will relieve Major General
Corbin of the command of the Atlantic
division in October next, when General
Corbin will go to the Philippines, pro
viding Major General ¦ MacArthur/
commanding the Pacific division at
San Francisco, and Major General
Bates, commanding the Northern di
vision at St. Louis, desire to retain
their present commands in preference
to assuming command of the Atlantic
division.
It is further stated at the War De
partment that the assignment of Gen
eral Corbln to command the Philip
pine division will involve no change In
the present status and duties of Major
General Wood, commanding the De
partment of Mindanao, or of Brigadier
General W. H. Carter, commanding
the Department of the VIsayas, or of
Brigadier General Randall, command
in the Department of Luzon.
Unless MacArthur and Bates
Want Change Major Gen
eral Will Take Command
Unknown Craft Meets Sud
den Disaster by Explosion
When Off South Brooklyn
GOVERNMENT WILL ACT.
Federal Commissioner Is Chosen to
Investigate Slocum Disaster.
WASHINGTON. June 21.— A com
mittee consisting of Lawrence O.
Murray, Assistant Secretary of Com
merce and Labor; Major General John
M. Wilson, U. S. A., retired: Com
mander Cameron McR. Winslow,
U. S. N.; Herbert Knox Smith, Deputy
Commissioner of Corporations in the
Department of Commerce and Labor,
and George Uhler, supervising in
spector general of the steamboat in
spection service, has been appointed
to investigate the disaster to the Gen
eral Slocum near Hell Gate, in East
River, wherein more than 70,0 lives
were lost. The commission will re
port at once to Secretary Cortelyou.
Reliable gas ranges $16 CO. regular
price $20. this week only at S. F. Gas
& Electric Co.. 415 Post St. . •
SLOOP BLOWN
INTO PIECES
WADE MAY TAKE
CORBIN'S PLACE
KAILROADIXG INTERESTS
SOX OF GEORGE GOULD
Young Man to Prepare Himself for
Important Position — Will Study
Mechanical Engineering.
NEW YORK. June 21. — In order to
prepare himself for a responsible posi
tion in the railroad world, Kingdon.
eldest son of George J. Gould, has ap
peared before the college entrance ex
rmination board at Columbia Univer
sity to try for admission to the school
of mines next September. He will take
the course in mechanical engineering.
Jay, the second son of the railroad
magnate, ¦will study law.
WASHINGTON, June 21.— Assistant
Secretary of State Loomis has been
notified by the officials of the steam
ship company that his brother, Kent
Loomis, who was e:i route to Europe,
has disappeared from the Kaiser Wil
lselm II.
Loomis. however, is confident that
his brother has r.ot come to harm. His
reason for this belief is the fact that
when the boat touched at Plymouth,
which was during the night, his
brother landed, as was sho'.vn by the
dispatch by him of a cablegram which
was recei\fd in Washington. Loomis
thinks his brother was accidentally left
in Plymouth when the boat departed
for Cherbourg. He is expecting to hear
from him a.t any moment.
Loomis has received several dis
patches from persons who were aboard
the Kaiser Wilhelm II, saying they
eaw his brother get off the ship when
she touched at Plymouth at 2 o'clock
Monday morning. These dispatches
came from passengers who landed at
Cherbourg and subsequently went to
Paris. The information they, contain
confirms Mr. Loomis in his opinion that
his brother simply took advantage of
an opportunity to nuke a stop for a
time in England. He declares that
there is absolutely no occasion for
alarm about his brother.
Brother of Assistant Secre
tary of State Disappears
From an Atlantic Liner
NEW YORK, June 21.— Evidence of
a startling nature, which doubtless
will have a mosl important bearing on
the ultimate result of the Coroner's in
quiry into the General Slocum disaster,
was forthcoming at the inquest to-day.
Perhaps . the most unexpected inci
dent was the* continued refusal Jto
answer questions of Henry Lund
berp, a United States steamboat
inspector, who was supposed to
have inspected the life preservers and
the hull of the Slocum. His refusal
was based on the ground that an an
swer might tend to incriminate him
and he acted on the advice of his coun
sel.
The 'Coroner committed Lundberg to
the House of Detention, but later ac
cepted/$500 bail for his appearance at
the hearing to-morrow, which was sat
isfactory to the Assistant District At
torney. V
Second Pilot Weaver of the Slocum
testified that he had purchased the fire
hose for that boat and Garvan. intro
duced evidence to show that the price
paid was 40 cents a foot, less 60 per
cent, or 16 cents per fopt net.
"Don't you know that you can't buy
good fire hose for less than a dollar or
a dollar and a half a foot?"
'-"I don't know anything about the
price of hose." responded Weaver.
Weaver also declared that there had
been no fire drill -en the Slocum this
year.
Daniel O'Neill, who, according to his
sworn statement, had never worked on
a boat until he was hired on the Slo
cum a short time ago, admitted that
he had jumped into a rowboat filled
with people from the Slocum, capsizing
it. Asked if he saved any one, he said
there « were others doing that and he
was not an expert swimmer. He swam
ashore himself, however. O'Neill de
clared he never saw a fire drill on the
boat. ¦: '¦_ ''¦'¦¦
Referring to the efforts to throw wa
ter on the lire when It was first discov
ered. O'Neill told of the bursting of
the hose. He ran and got the rubber
washing hose, but the coupling would
not fit the sandpipe. This was some of
the sensational testimony brought out.
By the use of dynamite and heavy
guns fired by men from the Second
Battery scores of bodies were* brought
up from the bottom around the shores
near North Brother Island to-day.
From sunrise to sunset the searcliera
along the beach and in the boats gath
ered in 112 bodies, bringing up the
number of the recovered to date to the
appalling total of 845. Of these, 700
have 'been identified, and the missing
still are approximated at something
more than 300. Many of the bodies last
found never will be identified because
of the changes that have taken place
during the week they have been under
the water.
CHIEF OFFICER OF THE GENERAL. SLOCUJf. A VIEW OF THE STEAMER AS
SHE WAS BURNING AND THE PASTOR WHOSE PARISH WAS DECIM
ATED BY THE DISASTER IN NEW YORK HARBOR.
LOOMIS DROPS
OUT OF SIGHT
Inspector Refuses to Testify and Such Evi
dence as Is Given Reflects
on Crew.
UNHAPPY GIRL VAINLY
TRIES TO DROWN HERSELF
Daughter of Coliisa Farmer, Tired of
Wanderings In Male Attire,
Seeks Death in, Waves.
UKIAH. June 21. — The residents of
Point Arena were thrown into excite
ment yesterday by the discovery of
what was supposed to be the body of
a boy lying ort the beach. After re
storatives had been administered the
supposed boy proved to be a
girl dressed In male attire. She stated
that her name was Nina Baker and
that her father lived at Williams. Co
lusa County. She had run away from
home and wandered aimlessly through
the county. Becoming despondent,
she tried to drown herself in the
ocean, but said she could not sink and
had given it up as a bad Job. She is
about 20 years of age and very pretty.
When offered suitable raiment by
Justice Gillmore she refused to don
dresses, saying she preferred male at
tire. Her father was communicated
with.
Special DlBj^atch to The Call
LOS AJCGEL.ES. June 21.— With
every possible effort to keep the matter
a secret and without beir.g accompan
ied by any of their friends. Mrs. Addie
Montrose Treadwell. widow of James
Treadwell. was married this' afternoon
to Dr. Walter C HaH of Petaluma.
Th?, ceremony was performed at the
residence of Rev. liobert Mclntyre. D.
1>.. paster of the First Methodist
< hurch. The ceremony was witnessed
by people living in "he neighborhood of
th(* minister's home.
Dr. Hal! and Mrs. Tread we!! arrived
in lxis Angeles last night and register
ed at the Hollenbeck. They did not
indicate that they knew each other; in
fact, the doctor stated to certain ac
quaintances here that he had no
mends here frum a distance. Shortly
before noon to-day they entered a
hack, went to the County Clerk's of
fice and secured a license. They then
repaired to the residence of Dr. Mcln
tyre, displayed their license and asked
to be married.
The reverend gentleman suggested
that witnesses were necessary and the
< ouple stated that they had nobody
•who could act in that capacity and
«*ked him to send for neighbors. He
did so and the ceremony was duly per
formed. He was paid $25 for his ser
vices.
Mrs. Treadwell was a central figure
in a tragedy which occurred about a
>ear ago in Rubio Canyon, north of
Pasadena. She snd James P. Tread
¦v ell. her husband, went to the canyon
I'-r a day's outing and while there he
shot her, inflicting a serious wound.
_nd then committed suicide. In the
settlement of his estate, a portion ,of
which was an interest in the famous
Treadwell mine, she received a for
tune sufficient to keep her from want
for life.
There is said to be a romantic story
". Phind to-day's marriage. It is said
that Mrs. Treadwell, before her mar
riaee to the millionaire, was engaged
to Dr. Hail.
Ceremony Is W tnessed by lebh-crs
of Minister UM Upon by the
Couple to Ti3 \te Kiel
Special Dispatch to The Cal!
HANFORD. June 21.— As the result
of a family feud that has been brewing
for the past year or two. Thomas Jack
son Alrorn, a well-to-do farmer resld-
Ing seven miles north of this city, lies
dead, and Amos Burton Brooks, a
neighbor, is confined in the county Jail.
Tee two men met in front of Alcorn's
residence shortly before 4 o'clock to
day, ard a moment later Alcorn lay
dead near by. According to Brooks'
story. Alcorn attacked him with a large
knife and monkey-wrench and he shot
him in self-defense, while, on the other
hand. Alcorn's relatives, although ndtie
cf them saw the shooting affray, state
that evidently Brooks simply pulled
out his gun and commenced shooting
when he saw Alcorn.
Ernest Lee was the only oye-wltneaa
to the shooting, and It has been im
possible to find him to secure his ac
count of the killing. The only evidence
at hand is circumstantial. This seems
to be slightly in favor of Brooks, as
the knife s and wrench were found in
the road where the shooting: took p!ate.
Tbe offerers also found a whip, which
Is said to belong to P.rooks. lying near
the plow Vith which Alcorn was work
ins' just before Brooks can:e along the
road. .-":•'¦ .
The death of Alcorn is the culmina
ticn-of a feud In which family affairs
are a chief feature. The men were
raided together, and were always
friends until a year or more ago. when
brooks* •wife left him and took up her
residence with Mr. and Mrs. Alcorn.
the latter having been a chum of hers
for many years. Thi3 caused trouble,
and later a divorce suit was filed by
Mrs. Brooks, but a decree was denied
her.
Vo charge has yet been placed
against Brook*, and he refuses to maks
any statemen* other than that he shot
in self-defense.
Slayer Avers He Took Life
of Rancher Only After He
Had Been Attacked by Him
FORGETS
SORROW IN
SHORT TIME
James TreadwelTs
Widow Is Bride
Once More,
Is Secretly Married to Pet
alama Ptiysiciari in
tile Scum.
SELF-DEFENSE CLAIMED
Wealthy Farmer Near Han
ford Is Shot and Instant
ly Killed by His Neighbor
TRUTH WROUGHT FROM WITNESSES IN SLOCUM INQUIRY
AN APPALLING TALE OF COWARDICE AND CARELESSNESS
FAMILY FEUD
ENDS IN DEATH
THE SAN FRANCISCO" GALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 22, 1904.
3
TEX BEAUTIFUI/LY
ILLUMINATED
ART SUPPLEMENTS
Beginning: with the issue of
July 3, \
THE SUNDAY" CALL
¦Will issue a series of the hand-
somest Art Supplements ever
issued by a paper in the
United States. v :'¦¦¦¦
Look at this attractive, i_gt:
1. "A Grass Widow," by Bry.
son.
2. "Footllght Favorites," by
Bryson.
3. "Temptation," by Bryson.
4. "The Girl in Yellow," by
Brj-son. .
- 5. "Innocence," by Bryson.
6. '"Constance," by «ichter.
7. "Rosamond," by Richter.
8. "Mother ' and Child," by
Richter.
. 9. "Head Over Heels," by
Brown .(ft. A.).
10. "A Serious Case," by Rose-
land.
Be 6ure to collect this scries.
EVERY ONE A WINNER.
THEY ARE HUMMERS.
ADVE&TISE____S_S.
•«§¦»
Wlf____,
CL Certain foods are rich
in the Phosphates and
Nitrogen that energize
Brain and Nerve, while
others build nothing but
Fat.
C. " FORCE " food bounti-
fully supplies to the system
the Phosphates and Nitro-
gen of Whole Wheat and
Barley, malted together
so that they convert freely
. into Brain and Brawn.
Most people who eat a treat dca.1 of
aeat would tx better cS with less. Per-
caps >ou are one.
Find out if your meat habit if (imply a
" habit."
If von are cot in perfect condition, try
" FORCE" a while and see what it does
tor yoo.
_¦___— —i _¦—¦__¦¦ —¦¦—¦¦¦—¦—I —¦—¦¦i _¦_¦_¦_¦ ¦¦ ¦_
___________________________________
Money goes further in
Schilling's Best, a great deal
further ; besides the comfort of
Reeling safe ; you know you
are safe.
AJ5V_BTISJ___ENTS.
UNPACKING
Exclusive Styles
"Roos Made"
JUST RECEIVED a few " swell Suits-the
J latest fad fob fall wear— the "Ntlt Brown."
Always showing the newest ahead of others.
Such as onlv the best tailor can build. Made
_f .S
of the best fabrics^ — best trimmings — best work-
manship. Have snap — not that "ready-made"
C See our display, if interested.
AUTOMOBILE GOODS
The - .Cossack Coat, Dusters, Hoods for ladies;
the best English Gauntlet for steering ; a dozen
different styles of Caps for Men and Women*
RQOS BROS.
K E A R N Y AT POSTSenator Foraker moved that the ac
tion of the National Committee be ap
proved and the motion carried, but one
voice being heard In the negative.
CONFUSION DROWNS VOICES.
Tho call of the roll for the announce
ment) of members of the committees
commenced and immediately, such con
fusion arose that the names as called
could not be heard.
Speaker Cannon asked unanimous
consent, that as soon as a State was
called its list of committeemen be sent 1
to the clerk's desk without being read
in the convention. -The motion of Mr.
Cannon was adopted and almost in
stantly the assemblage lost all resem
blance to a convention. The galleries
began to empty, the delegates mingled
on the floor and Mr. Root was sur
rounded by a group of. chatting friends,
while messengers forced their way
through 'the crowd to collect the com
mittee lists. . k
Several; -Impromptu receptions oc
curred -in :. various parts of the hall.
Speaker Cannon, in the Illinois delega
tion, was the center of one group and
Chauncey. M. Depew was fairly routed
out of his seat by the number of dele
gates who pressed around him. The
galleries, not full: a't any time during
the session, were three-fourths empty
by the time the list of committeemen
had been prsented.
Delegate Thomas of Illinois, after
introducing a resolution which he
wished to so to the committee on res
olutions without being read, made a
motion that the convention adjourn.
Nobody paid any attention to his mo
tion and he withdrew it a few moments
later.
' A few raps from the chairman s gavel
brought order In the convention and
the clerk proceeded to tabulate the
names of the committeemen and the
chairman announced the places of
meeting.
Ex-Senator Mason of Illinois present
ed a petition, which was referred to
the committee on resolutions without
debate.
Mr. Root announced the time and
place of meeting of the various commit
tees. The secretary was then instruct
ed to announce the committees, which
were read to the convention.
Senator Depew presented to the con
vention an invitation from the Louis
iana Purchase Exposition for the con
vention and the members of the press
to attend the exposition at the cfose
of the convention at the expense of the
exposition.
Senator ,Depew was made to go to
the platform and read the invitation.
• Upon resolution of Senator Depew
the chairman was requested' to ap
point a committee to arrange and re
port upon" the invitation.
Senator Depew made a brief address,
hoping the convention would accept.
The resolution was adopted and the
committee appointed as follows:
Senator Depew, New York; Carter.
Montana; Van Sant, Minnesota, and
Parker of Missouri.
. The convention adjourned at 2:12
p. m. until noon to-morrow.
PERSONAI
E. K. Gifford. a banker of Napa, ia
at the California.
Dr. and Mrs. R. S. Veit of New York
are at the St. Francis.
Vergus Conn, a merchant of Ore
gon, is at the Palace.
E. McLaughlin, a banker of San
Jose, is at the Occidental.
Dr. G. C. Simmons and wife of Sac
ramento are at the Palace.
Rev. Jerome J. Enright of Watson
ville is registered at the Lick. .
Frank H. Buck, a well known fru,Lt
man of Vacaville, Is at the Palace.
W. H. Bray, a prominent young
mining man of Nevada City, is at the 4
Palace.
T. Harrington, a wealthy rancher of
Colusa, and hi3 wife are staying at the
Palace,
Edgar T. Wallace, a prominent
young mining man of Yreka, is stay
ing at the St. Francis.
W. H. Hansen and wife of Redwood
City are spending a few days in this
city and staying at the Palace.
Among yesterday's arrivals at the
Palace were Mrs. Thomas Flint ami
Senator and Mrs. Thomas Flint Jr.
of San Juan.
Captain T. B. S. Menzies. who has
large interests in Merced, is at tha
Palace, having Just returned from a
visit to Santa Cruz.
Lansing Kellogg and Mr. and Mr3.
William S. Tevis departed yesterday
for Lake Tahoe, where they will re
main for a week before starting on a
trip to Europe. Their destination is
Baden Baden.
Captain S. A. Cloman, U. S. A., an
officer who has gained commendation
fcr gallant service on the frontier and
in the Philippines, arrived in the city
last evening from Washington, D. C.
He expects to remain here several
months.
State Senator W, B. Lardner of Pla
cer County is in the city. He was
elected a member of the Assembly in
1898 and served his constituents in the
memorable contest which culminated
in the election of Thomas R. Bard to
the United States Senate. In recog
nition of his excellent service in the
lower House, Mr. Lardner was elected
to the State Senate in 1900.
Calif oralans in Xew York.
NEW YORK, June 21. — The fol
lowing Californlana are registered at
the New York hotels: From San
Francisco — W. D. Dowen, at the Neth
erlands; Mrs. E. A. Cochrane, at the-
Rossmore; R. Coulter and wife, at the
Park Avenue; C. W. Hawkins, at the
Grand Union; C. D. Hyland. at the St.
Denis; D. R. King, at the Grand
Union; S. E. May, at the Lincoln; P.
C. Mills, at the Albert: H. S. Nathan,
at the Gregorian; L. W. Noo and wife,
at the New Amsterdam; J. C. Shep*p
and wife, at the Imperial: J. J. Dwyer.
at the Holland; T. R. Edwards, at th*
Astor.
From Los Angelas — W. Conklln,
Mrs. E. A. Tuttle and the Misses Tut*'
tie. at the Grand Union.
A long paragraph was adopted in re
lation to reciprocity after a very excit
ing and protracted contest by a bare
majority. Several votes were taken on
this subject and it was reconsidered
two or three times before being finally
agreed to. It is a declaration for "com
mercial reciprocity, which is possible
only under a protective tariff and
RECIPROCITY PARAGRAPH.
The plank declares "for the cardinal
principles of protection," and, further,
that the "rate of duty should be the
difference between the cost of produc
tion in the United States and abroad.
The rates of duty should be readjusted
only when conditions have so changed
that the public interests demand it. All
such changes should be made by the
Republican party."
The tariff plank was finally agreed
upon, after an especially strong reit
eration of -the Republican policy of
protection, announcing a willingness to
change the schedules "wherever busi
ness conditions demand the change,"
but the opinion Us expressed that all
changes should be along protection
lines.
CHICAGO, June 22.— The sub-com
mittee on resolutions adjourned at 12:50
o'clock this morning. Chairman Lodge
announced that the committee had con
cluded the platform and was ready to
report to the full committee at 10
o'clock this morning. The document
was agreed to unanimously by the sub
committee. • .
There were planks dealing with the
Panama canal and the policy of the
When the sub-committee met. Sena
tor Lodge for the first time presented
his draft of a platform, saying that It
was intended largely as a basis for ac
tion by the committee. His draft in
cluded a plank strongly commending
the established Republican policy on
the tariff and presenting in terse lan
guage the necessity for maintaining the
protective policy in the interest of
American labor and American indus
tries. There was a mild declaration on
the subject of reciprocity and a pro
nouncement against trusts, but with
a reservation In the interest of "estab
lished, legitimate Industries." In this
connection it congratulated the party
upon legislation on the trust question
which had been enacted since Roose
velt became President.
Another calls upon Congress to inves
tigate whether the right of franchise Is
being violated, and if so demands that
States violating section 14 shall be lim
ited in their Congressional and Elec
toral College representation.
LODGE PRESENTS HIS DRAFT.
A plank was adopted urging the ac
ceptance by all foreign countries of
passports issued to, Jewish citizens of
the United States.
whenever reciprocity arrangements can
be perfected without injury to any in
dustry." ' '
The opposition to the reciprocity
plank was led by Blythe of Iowa, Rep
resentative Dal?ell and Senator Hans
brough, while Senator Lodge and Sen
ator Foraker persisted in an effort to
secure the declaration.
Lodge's draft did not contain any
declaration on the subject of the ar
bitration of the Canadian boundary
question, but other members of the
committee suggested a plank cover-
Ing that point, the remark being made
that the fact that Senator Lodge had
been a member of that commission
should not stand In the way of a
proper presentation of it, in view of
its -importance.
John M. Switzer, a delegate to the.
convention from Cebu, P. I., and a
member of the committee on • cre
dentials, submitted to the committee
a draft of a plank favoring reduction
and ultimate free trade between the
United States and the Philippine
Islands. The sub-committee's decision
was adverse to the proposition as a
part of the platform.
The original draft of the platform
contained no reference to the question
of polygamy and at a late hour the
question had not been taken up by
the committee. Senator Smoot says
that there will be no utterance what
ever concerning It.
The supporters of the proposition
to admit the Territories of Oklahoma
and Indian Territory as one State and
those of New Mexico and Arizona as
another received what they consider
ap'a satisfactory assurance that a
plank supporting that policy would
be Inserted in the platform.
United States toward Cuba, upon
which the Republican party is felici
tated.
The draft contained a declaration in
favor of encouraging American ship
ping. .
Plank Asserts That Any Changes in the Schedules
Should Be Made Along Protection Lines.
f STATESMEN SELECTED TO DRAFT THE NATIONAL PLATFORM OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY.
As soon as the meeting adjourned
Ruef hurried to the headquarters of the
Ruef then stepped forward and an
nounced that he was unalterably op
posed to any action on the part of the
delegation looking toward its an
nouncement in favor of any candidate
until it could be ascertained beyond
doubt that it was not committing itself
to a policy that developments might
prove unwise. He said he had ascer
tained that the delegates had been led
astray by the newspapers of the East,
and announced that he favored the ex
ercise cf Individual intelligence in this
mfcst important question! He asked
that the motion be withdrawn until ar
fuller Investigation could be made.
Governor Pardee insisted that his mo
tion be put. but Ruef's logic had had
Jt& effect. Eleven of the delegates voted
against the measure and It was de
feated.
Roofs reference, earlier In his speech,
to the checking, through the extension
of forest reserves, of further denuda
tion of forest areas, which produced
alternate floods and dryness In our
river valleys, also struck home to Cali
fornia. It won frem her delegates a
tribute to the distinguished speaker in
the acknowledgment that his address
contained the best outline of national
progress yet uttered by a statesman.
These were the only subjects that
came before the convention to-day that
were of greater importance to Califor
nia than to her sister States, but her
delegation looks for more to-morrow.
Fairbanks of Indiana was indorsed to
day for Vice President by the Califor
nia delegation, but not until after a
contest had been waged that gave to
Ruef of San Francisco a victory. His
judgment in this important matter
prevailed over that of the acknowl
edged leaders of the California delega
tion and has given him a lift as a factor
in the national game.
When the California delegation met
this morning at 10:30 o'clock Chairman
McKinley announced that in his opin
ion it was advisable that the delega
tion announce its position as to its
choice for Vice President. He said he
believed the delegation should declare
in favor of Fairbanks of Indiana, and
that he would entertain a motion to
that effect. Governor Pardee rose and
after paying a* tribute to Indiana s
leading Republican moved that the del
egation declare in his favor.
George A. Knight seconded the Gov
ernor's motion and took advantage of
the opportunity to place himself on
record" as an admirer, not only of Mr.
Fairbanks' official career, but of his
private life and character.
RUEF SCORES ONE.
FOREST RESERVES.
tions of the convention. *
It was nc-t a cheer, it was a thun
derous roar of approval.
"The earth has been searched for
'weapons with which to fight the
enemies that destroy the growing
crops," said Root. "An Insect brought
from near the great wall of China has
checked the San Jose scale, which was
destroying our orchards. A parasitic
fly brought from South Africa is ex
terminating the black scale in the
lemon and orange groves of Califor
nia." * .. .
"Three cheers for California," shout
ed a delegate. Mitchell Phillips of San
Jose sprang up and waved his hat.
California's cheer rang 'out. It carried
inspiration. -
Enthusiasm gained control. Another
cheer from California was seconded by
the delegates of the nation when Root.
In his unanswerable defense of the pol
icy that will give America a canal from
the western to the eastern sea, said:
"And now the greatest of the con
structive nations stands ready and
competent to begin and to accomplish
the great enterprise which shall realize
the dreams of past ages, bind together
our Atlantic and Pacific coasts and
open a new highv.ay for that commerce
of the Orient whose course has con
trolled the ris*e and fall of civiliza
tions."
Root's tribute to the horticultural
wealth of the domain on the nation's
western rim awakened every atom of
hdtent patriotism In the breasts of the
Californians. .
With a shout they rose to acknowl
edge they had heard his words. The
enthusiasm was caught by the multi
tude and California's name was greet
ed by one of the greatest demonstra-
HEADQUARTERS CALIFORNIA
DELEGATION, CHICAGO, June "21.—
No shout of commendation struck
harder against the giant arches of the
Coliseum to-day than that of Califor
nia's delegation when Elihu Root, in
his masterful speech at the opening of
the Republican National Convention,
referred to the victory of science over
the pests that once threatened to lay
waste the rich orchards of the Golden
State.
Supervisor James P. Booth of San
Francisco arrived here to-day from St.
Louis.
An affair that, promises to eclipse the
Governor's theater party is scheduled
for to-morrow evening. The Boiler
makers' Union of Chicago has prepared
a banquet in honor of Delegates Porter
and Ruef. Porter is also a delegate to>
the Boilermakers' National Convention.
which meets soon.
Judge McKinley, seated in the par
quet, started the applause, and in a
minute the audience took in the situa
tion. A howl of delight again brought
Miss Faust before the footlights. She
drew closer to the Governor and sans
again. He finally wilted and retreated
from view. The California delegation
Is "tickled to death" that he finally had
to give in and for once acknowledge
that he was fairly routed.
A eood story was told on Governor
Pardee at headquarters to-day. Last
night, accompanied by Mrs. Pardee.
the Misses Pardee, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Spear. Miss Spear, Dr. Lea
Green. Captain F. E. Webb and Miss
Lauretta Kirk, the Governor witnessed
the production of "The "Wizard of Oz."
The Governor and his party were
placed in the gayly bespangled "Sam
my" box. The play had not proceeded
far when Lotta Faust, who had been
Informed of the identity of the occu
pants of the "Sammy" box, approached
it, and, climbing upon a bench, gazed
into the Governor's eyes and sang:
"Sammy. Oh, Oh, Oh, Sammy, for you
I'm pining when we're apart." ad lib.
Her smile was impotent; her words
were vain. Governor Pardee gave her
the. Oakland political stare. She pout
ed and retired.
Upon the adjournment of the con
vention to-day the California dele
gates returned to headquarters, and
then began a reception which the old
est statesmen in the party say was
never equaled at a national gather
ing.
California has profited more by this
convention than any other State in
the nation. The flavor of her fruits is
no-w known to the most distinguished
men of the 'country, as is the richness
of her winea and the bouquet of her
brandies. The next chairman of Cali
fornia's commission to a world's fair
should be Fulton G. Berry of Fresno.
While the delegates were doing poli
tics. Berry was doing wonders. He
was piloting America's biggest men to
the headquarters, and as they tasted
of the fruits and sipped the wines, he
told in eloquent diction of the re
sources of the Golden State. Visitors
that have arrived here from the world's
fair say this feature of the national
convention will do as much good for
California as her great exhibit at the
exposition grounds.
Senator Fairbanks. Speaker Cannon.
Congressman Littlefield, Chauncey M.
Deprw and Governor Odell were among
the distinguished visitors at the Cali
fornia headquarters to-day.
JOKE ON" THE GOVERNOR.
CALIFORNIA'S FAME SPREADS.
New York delegation and was soon in
consultation with Governor Odell and
other leaders of the party. Governor
Odell Informed Ruef that the New York
delegation had abandoned its opposition
to Fairbanks, and that if California
declared in his favor It would be with
the majority of the convention.
When the California delegation re
assembled at 11 o'clock to march to the
convention hall Ruef made known the
result of his investigations. He then,
made a motion that the delegation de
clare in favor of Fairbanks. The mo
tion was put and unanimously carried.
Chauncey M. Depew was the recipient
of a heartv welcome as he came
through the main entrance on the west
side of the building. The Senator
walked down toward the platform en
tirely obliviouB of a doorkeeper, who
did not know him and was entering to
learn if be was properly entitled to the
privileges of the hall. Half-way up to
the seats of the New York delegation,
just in the left center of the left plat
form, the Senator was overtaken and
made to deliver.
Close behind the New York Senator
came the senior Senator of Illinois,
Shelby M. Cullom. The men from Illi
nois who were in the balcony did not
see their Senator, and he was given
only a slight handdapping from those
on the main floor who knew him. Sen
ator Cullom sought the seats of the Illi
nois delegation without greeting.
Following closely upon Senators Cul
lom and Depew came "Uncle Joe" Can
non, a black felt hat jammed down on
his head. He was walking back and
forth in the crowd in front of the plat
form without attracting attention save
for a few handshakes from Washington
friends. When he removed his hat the
recognition by the galleries was simul
taneous, and the Speaker was warmly
greeted by the galleries and delegates.
By 11:45 o'clock each entrance to the
main floor of the great hall was pour
ing In a stream of delegates. They
came quietly, few delegates arriving In
a body. Mingling with the strains of
the band was a great hum of conversa
tion, but there was no disorder. The
hall filled rapidly, but the galleries were
slower, and ten minutes before the
hour set for the presiding officer's
gavel to fall there was. a wilderness of
vacant chairs in the great balconies.
A few minutes before 12 o'clock the
Coliseum resounded with a burst of ap
plause. It was the greeting to Henry
C. Payee, the chairman, and Elihu
Senator Allison acknowledged the re
epption with a smile and bow, but the
junior Senator apparently did not real
ize that he was being honored, for he
turned his back upon his friends in
the gallery while they were still ap
plauding him, and walked slowly back
to the seats In the crowd. Throughout
the time that elapsed between the
opening of the doors and that set for
the formal opening of the convention
an orchestra in a bandstand raised
high above the gallery at the south end
of the hall rendered patriotic music,
alternated with popular airs of the
day.
WELCOME FOR DEPEW.
Few delegates and alternates and
practically none of the men prominent
in the control of the Republican party
had put in an appearance at the hall
si 11 o'clock. An array of doorkeepers
was on guard at the various entrances,
and numerous bodies of sergeants-at
arms were stationed at the commence
ment, middle and ends of the aisles to
guide the delegates to their seats.
The last touches to the hall had been
made in the night and early morning.
Palms and potted plants were placed
around the sides of the hall in the
first floor and arches and boughs, which
were fastened to the girders Just above
the upper balcony, relieved in a pleas
ant manner the long stretch of saffron
colored roofing. It had been announced
tbat the only picture which would be
seen in the convention hall would be
the portrait of the late Senator Hanna,
which hung Just above the Speaker's
platform, but yesterday large engrav
ings of President Roosevelt were
placed, one at every alternate catch
in the draped bunting that stretched
around the ceiling. Below each picture
of the President and beneath those
fo'.ds in the draped streamers of red.
¦white and blue where the picture was
not hung were swinging baskets pf
ferns, while the under side of the great
trusses from the bunting to the back*
of the seats was covered with taste
fully arranged palms.
The first applause to the incoming
delegates was a ripple of handclaps
from the gallery given to Senator Al
lison of Iowa. Senator Do'.liver of Iowa
came strolling down the center aisle
closely after Senator Allison had taken
his seat, and the men in the gallery
from Iowa broke out into applause a
eecond time.
For hours before and during the ses-
Fion of the conver.tic-n the hotels. were
vacant. The large rooms occupied by
State headquarters, decorated with tri
colored cloth and the pictures of dis
tinguished sons, both living and dead,
were quite empty since the early m>>rn
ing conference.
FEW EARLY ARRIVALS.
CHICAGO, June 21.— The Republican
National Convention, the thirteenth in
the party's history, met In the Coli
tcum at noon to-day and organized.
The grand climax, the nominations.
will not be reached until the third day.
Senator Depew calls to-day the cur
tain raiser for the more serious drama
of to-morrow and Thursday. The cur
tain raiser was in itself a,n absorbing
production. Weather predictions were
disturbing. There was a suggestion of
rain in the air ar.d the sun had a
struggle all the" morning with clouds
banked up over the lake. Fresh breezes
from the northwest cooled the tem
perature, but indoors, out of reach^ of
the breeze, the day was hot. Five
acres of seats under the arches of the
Coliseum began to fill by half past ten
o'clock. Black dots appeared in the
emptiness, the videttes of that huge
assemblage which presently shaped
into the convention. The interest that
hafl for two days eddied gently around
OCtJT State or Territorial headquarters
concentrated upon these five steel cov
ered acres, or ratht-r upon that frag
ment of an acre of delegates' chairs,
painted green, in front of a crimson
carpeted rostrum set with Flemish oak
furniture. The table was a solid piece
lit to stand the blows to be beat upon
It. As thin lines of delegates and other
ticket holders entered from many en
trances, the watrhers outside grew into
a multitude and some hearts burned
over fruitless plannlngs for admission.
But most of those outside were satis
fied with the miid thrill of being in
the neighborhood of where large things
vere to be done, for the first sessiyn of
the national convention was an impos
ing fact, even if its general results
were certainties beforehand.
Under the rostrum and stretching
the whole lenpth of the basement was
one of the most curious eights of the
convention— the paraphernalia and the
workers who communicated to the mil
lions what the thousands saw. Into
this space was let hundreds of wires,
more than 500. that connected the hall
with the principal newspapers ef the
country and with the agencies that
transmit news over seas. More than
100 telephones were working and up
ward of 400 telegraph instruments. A
thousand reporters, operators and mes-
Fenpers manned this intelligence ma
chine. •
BY FREDERIC W. BISHOP.
Staff Correspondent of The Call.
It was made by the members of the
South Minneapolis High School, and,
he said, had been used at Republican
conventions in Minneapolis, St. , Louis
and Philadelphia. He asked the chair
man to use it for this convention, which
would nominate that fearless, invinci
ble leader, Theodore Roosevelt. It was
the first mention of the President's
Chairman Payne recognized Gov
ernor Van Sant of Minnesota to pre
sent the gavel used by -the presiding
officer.
When he reached the signature of
the call, "M. A. Hanna," the conven
tion broke into spontaneous applause
and cheers.
All nations are thy children. Guide and
keep them by thy gracious providence and
hasten the coming of the day when love shall
have conquered hate and war* ehall have
ceased and all people shall dwell together in
unity. For thine is the kingdom and the power
and the glory forever. Amen.
GAVEL. FOR CHAIRMAN" PAY'XE.
SenatoiKScott, on behalf of the Chi
cago eftlzens' committee, which co
operated with the national committee
of arrangements for the convention,
then presented National Chairman
Henry C. Payne with a handsome
gavel. It was large and made for busi
ness*. A heavy gold band was Inscribed:
"Mr. Henry C. Payne, Chairman Re
publican National Committee, 1904."
Mr. Payne expressed his appreciation
of the sift, and at once announced that
Secretary Elmer X>over of the national
committee would read the call of the
convention. Mr. Dover delegated
Mr. Mallory of Ohio, one of the read-
Ing clerks, to do the reading. As he
read a band played on the outside, to
some extent drowning the voice of the
clerk-
Rless thy servant, the chief magistrate of
our nation. May he and all others clothfd
with authority by the sovereign people be pro
tecu.d by the power of thy kingdom and con
tribute to its ultimate triumph and consum
mation in all the earth.
V*> pray thee to overrule the deliberations,
conclusions and Issues of this convention for
the good of the American people and the wel
fare of mankind.
Save our nation, we beseech thee, from all
the evil things which defile the home, impair
civil liberty, corrupt politics or undermine the
integrity of commercial life. Bring to naught
the schemes of men who would debauch or
OFprr^s human life for the gratification of lust
or for perronal enrichment or power. May
exaltation come only to men who despise th«
fcaln of oppressions and vhake the hands from
holding of bribes. May all section* and races,
all creeds and sentiments, all occupations and
interests become united through the spirit of
the hirhest into a citienzshlp with a passion
for righteousness, wherein each individual
»hal| lock up to God an the' father of all and
on every man as a brother.
Almighty God, our h«>lp in ages past our
hoi* for years to come, w* thank the* for
thy goodness to the people of this land. Our
Kins have b^n man}-, but thy mercies have
been treat. Thou ha«t poured out thy gifts
without measure. The opening years of a new
crntury have been freighted with wealth for
hand and mind and heart. Best of all thou
art giving thyself in a perpetual offering: of
thy life for the life of man. We do not forget
that In the hour of deep sorrow when the
heart of the- nation was darkened by the
murder of the nation's chief there was no
break fn the march of thy purpose, the or
derly administration of our Government or the
faith of the people in their God. Under the
guidance of thy holy spirit we have been
brought by our national woes nearer to thee.
Purely thou wilt never forsake this people.
May no dominance of greed, no riot of pas-
Fion. no weakening of religious conviction or
enthronement of matter over spirit cause th«
people to forsake thee. May the heritage of.
honor coming to us from the fathers in mem
ories of ncble sacrifices and valiant deeds be
at once nur glad :>o«session and our sacred
trust. While we are grateful for the past,
may we remember that to-day is better than
yesUrday. and fo act that the morrow shall
be greater than to-day. V.'herever our coun
try's flag floats as the symbol of government,
ew-n unto the isles of the sea, may we cleave
unto the righteousness that sealeth a nation
and cast out the tin that is a reproach to any
people.
With three severe raps of the gavel
Chairman Payne called the convention
to order at 12:16. He then introduced
Rev. Timothy Frost, pastor of tho
First Methodist Church of Evanston.
III., who pronounced the opening
prayer. He said:
The place behind the platform was
reserved for distinguished guests and
among those who occupied these seats
were Senators Alger, Charles Emory
Smith, General Grosvenor. Murat Hal
sted, Mrs. John A. Logan. William
Alden Smith. Jesse Overstreet, Secre
tary Shaw, Minister to Panama Bar
rett, James A. Tawney, Senator Diet
rich, D. M. Ransdell. James A. Wat
son, George Edmund Foss, James A.
Hemenway, Senator Burrows, Assist
ant Secretary Armstrong, Charles B.
Landis, Henry A. Cooper, Warner Mil
ler. Elmer E. Burkett, Mrs. Cullom
and Mrs. Alger.
OPENED WITH PRAYER.
There was a small crowd outside
the hall. The arrangements were
such that delegates and spectators
were rapidly admitted and in an or
derly manner. A few bands that had
led the marching clubs played outside
the entrance, but no especial demon
stration was made by the small crowd
of spectators who were In the street.
Some difficulty was exp>rienced in
seating the delegations and the con
vention noon hour found Chairman
Payne, gavel in hand, waiting pa
tiently for the delegations to find their
places before calling the convention
to order. Shortly after noon special
messengers were sent through the
large hall in the effort to'get the dele
gates seated.
Loud applause greeted Senator Pen
rose of Pennsylvania as he marched
in, followed by the Pennsylvania dele
gation, which was one of the last to
arrive.
Another prominent arrival at this
moment- was ex-Governor Black of
New York. The Alaskan delegation,
carrying totem poles mounted with
American eagles, attracted attention
and were greeted with applause.
When the hands of the big clock
over the main entrance marked 12
o'clock the floor was filled, but the
galleries held not more than half their
capacity.
The first accident to any of the
delegations resulted in a serious in
jury to William Hodson, an alternate
from Hastings, Minn., as he was about
to enter the convention hall. Just as
he alighted from a streetcar t on the
VVabash avenue side of the building a
cab approached. The horse struck
Hodson, who was knocked down, and
the wheels of the cab passed over his
left leg just above the ankle, produc
ing a compound fracture. He was
hurried at once to the Emergency
Hospital in the annex of the Coliseum,
where his leg was set, and he was then
removed to St. Luke's Hospital. His
condition is not serious.
Root of New York, the temporary
chairman. They proceeded at once to
the platform.
As Senator Fairbanks at the head of
the Indiana delegation entered the first
ovation was tendered. A smile lit up
the face of the Senator as, amid round
after round of applause and the first
cheers to be heard, he worked his way
to the seats of the Indiana delegation,
near the platform.
DELEGATE IS INJURED.
Chauncey M. Depew. Tenders Invitation for
Delegates to Attend the World's Fair
at Exposition's Expense. %
California Delegation Indorses Fairbanks for
Vice President and Incidentally Ruef
Gains a Victory.
SENATOR FAIRBANKS GIVEN
FIRST BIG DEMONSTRATION
OF NATIONAL CONVENTION
CHEERS GREET REFERENCE
BY ROOT TO THE VICTORY
OVER AGRICULTURAL PESTS
THE S'AN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 22. 1904.
STRONG DECLARATION AS TO TARIFF
IS THE FEATURE OF THE PLATFORM
GALLERY CHEERS MARK ARRIVAL AT CONVENTION OF THE GREAT POLITICAL LEADERS
name in the convention, and the dele
gates rose at the sound as one man.
Cheers rang through the hall, and
many men sprang upon their chairs
and waved hats, banners and hand
kerchiefs.
After the applause had subsided
Chairman Payne, in a few words, ex
pressed thanks for the gavel. He then
said:
"Gentlemen of the convention: The
national committee has selected for
your temporary chairman the Hon.
Elihu Root of New York."
There was another shout from the
convention, which was prolonged when
Governor Odell of New York rose to
move that the action of the national
committee be approved.
ROOT'S WARM RECEPTION.
Applause greeted Governor Odell,
and it was some momenta before he
could put his motion. It was at onc<:
adopted by the convention. Mr.- Root
was greeted with renewed cheers as he
advanced to the speakers' stand. •
"Mr. Chairman," he said, "I am
deeply — " Another burst of cheering
cut him off.
•'I am deeply," resumed. Mr. Root,
when quiet was restored, and this time
he was permitted to proceed.
Simultaneously with ex-Secretary
Root's appearance at the speakers*
table an Immense oil painting of Presi
dent ¦ Roosevelt -was unveiled' at his
right. .
The tableau brought forth a burst
of enthusiasm. As Mr. Root began to
speak the picture was removed and
the sole attention of the. immense
gathering was devoted to the New
York statesman. He had hardly struck
his stride when cries of "louder" were
heard from far recesses of the hall.
His voice soon gained power, however,
and his well-enunciated words rang
.through the still hall. :
Mr. Root concluded his address with
the words, "Theodore Roosevelt," and
these were magic to . the delegates.
The most marked demonstration of the
Tally clerks— Fred B. Whitney, Illi
nois;" George W. Dlxon, Nebraska;
Lucien Swift Jr., Minnesota.
Messenger to the secretary — Henry
F; Daniels, Wisconsin.
Messenger to the chairman — Guer
ley Brewer, Indiana.
General secretary — Charles W. John
son, Minnesota/
Among the assistant secretaries is
Walter S. Mellick of California.
Sergeant at arms — -William F. Stone,
Maryland. • .
First assistant' sergeant at . arms —
David C. Owen, Wisconsin.
Chief of doorkeepers— Charles S.
Montell, Maryland.
Chaplalns--First day, Rev. Timothy
Frost; Rev. Thomas E. Cox, second
day; Rev. Thaddeus Snively, third day.
All of Illinois. \ .
Senator Carter of Montana presented
the following resolution:
VResolved, That until, a permanent
organization is effected this conven
tion be governed by the rules of the
last National -Republican Convention."
'¦¦'. This was adopted.
Senator. L. H. McComas of Mary
land then offered the following reso
lution:
"Resolved, That the roll of States
The roll of the temporary officers
of the convention was then read by the
clerk and approved by the convention.
They are as follows:
- Clerk at president's desk — Asher C.
Hinds, Maine.
Official reporter — Milton W. Blum
enburg, District of Columbia.
session ensued. The delegates climbed
on the chairs and tossed hats . and
handkerchiefs into the air.
A white-haired irrepressible in the
Connecticut delegation led off with his
silk flag,, which he waved' frantically.
A number of the national committee
men crowded around Mr. Root and
shook his hand in congratulation,
while the orchestra rendered a med
ley of the national airs.
TEMPORARY OFFICERS. "
and Territories be now called and that
the chairman of each delegation an
nounce the names of the persons
selected to serve on the several com
mittees, as follows: \
"Permanent .organization, rules and
order of business, credentials, resolu
tions, and further, .that the chairman
of each delegation send to the secre
tary's desk in writing the names of the
persons selected from his delegation
to serve on the aforesaid committees."
.The chairman stated that the Nation
al Committee had placed upon the roll
thf names of two delegates from Porto
Rico and six from the Philippines, with
two votes, and asked the pleasure of
the convention upon the action of the
committee on the ordering of a roll
call.
4Continued on rase 7, Column &, . j
On the 1st of March, 1S»7. when the first
administration of McKinley began we. had In
the country Including bullion in the Treasury,
$1,806,272,076. This was $23.14 per capita for
our population, and of. this :;vsr»:$ per cent was
gold. On the. 1st of March. 1001, when the
second administration of McKinley began, the
money in the country was $2,4G7.295,228. This
was $28.34 per capita, and of this 45.273 per
cent was goli. On the 1st of May last the
money in the country was $2,814,985,446, which
was $31.62 per capita, and of It 48.028 per cent
was geld. This great Increase of currency has
been arranged In such a way that the large
government notes In circulation are gold cer
tificates, whlie the silver certificate, and green
backs are of small denominations. A. the
large gold certificates repre.ent gold actuati
on deposit, their presentation -at -the Treasury
in exchange for gold can never infringe upon
the gold reserve. As the email silver certi
ficates and greenbacks are always In active
circulation no large 1 amount of them can be
accumulated for the purpose of drawing on
the gold reserve: and thus, while every man
can get a gold dollar for every dollar of the
Government's currency, the endless chain which
we were once taught to fear so much has been
effectively put out of business. The Secretary
of the Treasury has 6hown himself mindful of
the needs of business and has so managed our
finances as himself to expand and contract our
currency aa occasion has required. When In the
fall of 1902 tbe demand for funds to move the
crops caused extraordinary money stringency
the Secretary exercised his lawful right to ac
cept State and municipal bonds as security
for public deposits, thus . liberating United
States bonds which were used for additional
circulation. When the crops were moved and
the stringency was over he called for a with
drawal of the Hate and municipal securities,
and thus contracted tbe currency. Again, in
1903, under similar conditions, he produced
similar results. Tbe payment of the $50,000,000
for the Panama canal made last month, with
out causing the slightest disturbance in finance,
showed rood Judgment and a careful considera
tion of the Interests of business upon which
our people may confidently rely.
REGULATION OF TRUSTS.
Four years ago the regulation by. law of the
great corporate combinations called "trusts"
stood substantially where it ' was when ! the
Sherman anti-trust act of 1S90 was passed.
President Cleveland, In his last message ¦ of
December, 1896. had Bald: ¦ " • ¦ . *
- ."Tbovrb Congress has attempted to deal with
INCREASE OF WEALTH
Between the 30th of June, 1900. and the 1st
of June. 1904. our Treasury Department col
lected in revenues the enormous sum of $2,203,
000,000 and expended $2 02S.000.000, leaving us
with a surplus of over $170,000,000 after paying
the $50,000,000 for the Panama canal and loan
ing St.OOo.ix.O to the St. Louis Exposition.
Excluding those two extraordinary payments,
which are investments from past surplus and
not expenditures of current income, the sur
plus for this year will be the reasonable
amount of about $12,000,000.
The vast and complicated transactions of the
Treasury, which for the last fiscal year show
actua.1 cash receipts of $4,250,290,262 and dis
bursements of $4,113,199,414, have been' con
ducted with perfect accuracy and fidelity and
without the loss of a dollar. Under wise
management the financial act of March 14,
1900. which embodied the sound financial prin
ciples of the Republican party and provided for
the maintenance of our currency on the stable
basis of the gold standard, has wrought out
beneficial results. On the 1st of November.
1893. the Interest-bearing debt of the United
States was $l.W6.O49.020. On the 1st of May
last the amount of that debt was $893,157,440,
a reduction of $150,891,580. By refunding the
annual Interest has been still more rapidly re
duced from $40,347,884 on the 1st of November,
1S39, to $24,176,745 on the 1st of June," 1904.
an annual saving of over $1C,COO COO. When
the financial act was paused the thinly settled
portions of our country were, suffering for lack
of banking facilities because the banks were
In the* large towns, and none could be organized
with capital of 1»-sb than $50,000. Under the
provisions of that act there were organized
down to the 1st of May last 1296 small banks of
$25,000 capital, furnishing, under all the safe
guards of the national banking system, facili
ties to the small communities of the W r est and
South. The facilities made possible by that
act have increased the circulation of national
banks from $254,402,730 on the 14th of March
1900. to $445,988,565 on the 1st of June, 19Ot!
The money of the country in circulation has
not only Increased In amount with our growth
In business, but it has steadily gained in the
ktablllty of the basis on which it rests.
Four vears ago the business of the country
was loaded with burdensome Internal taxes.
Imposed during the war with Spain. By the
acts of March 2, 1901. and April 12. 1902, the
country has been wholly relieved of that an
nual burden of over one hundred million dol
lars; and tbe further accumulation of a sur
pius which was constantly withdrawing the
money of the country from circulation ha. been
prevented by the reductlonj^f taxation.
BUSINESS FOUR YEARS AGO.
been scrupulously observed? 'When has any
American administration ever dealt more con
siderately and wisely with questions which
might have been the cause of conflict with
foreign powers? When have more Just settle
ments been reached by peaceful means? When
has any administration wielded a more power
ful Influence for peace and when have we
rested more secure In friendship with all man
kind?
! The systematic collection and -publication of
information regarding the magnitude and ; con
ditions .of ; our crops, is mitigating . the injury
done by, speculation to the farmer's market.
. To Increase the profit of the farmer's toll, to
¦¦ v- ¦¦* > -.* ¦ '¦ f 1 *.
THE FARMER'S MARKET.
THE POSTAL SERVICE.
The postal service has been extended and Im
proved. Its revenues have Increased from $76 -
000,000 in 1805 to $95,000,000 In 1899, and $144.-
C0O.00O In 1004. In dealing with these vast
sums a few cases of peculation, trifling in
amount and by subordinate officers, have oc
curred there as they occur In every business.
Neither fear nor favor, nor political for per
sonal Influence has availed to protect the wrong,
doers. Their acts have been detected* Investi
gated, laid bare; they have been dismissed
from their places, prosecuted criminally -In
dicted, many of them tried, and many of them
convicted. The abuses In the carriage of
second-class mail matter have been remedied.
The rural Ire* delivery "has been wMely ex
tended. It is wholly the creation of Republi
can administration. The last Democratic Post
master General declared It Impracticable. ¦ The
first administration of McKinley proved the
contrary. • At the beginning of the fiscal year
1H99 there. were about 200 routes in operation.
There are now more than 25,000 routes, bring
ing a daily mall service to more than 12,000 000
of our people In. rural- communities, enlarging
the circulation of the newspaper and the mag
azine, increasing communication, and relieving
the isolation of life on the farm.. . -
. The Department of- Agriculture has been
brought to a point of efficiency and practical
benefit never before known. The oleomargarine
act of May 9, 1002, now sustained In the Su
preme-Court,-.and the act of July 1, 1902, to
prevent the false branding of .food and dairy
product, protect farmers against fraudulent
Imitations. The act of February 2 1903. ena
bles the Secretary of Agriculture to'prevent the
spread of contagious and Infectious diseases of
live stock. Rigid inspection' has protected our
cattle against infection from abroad; .and has
established the highest credit for our meat pro
ducts in the markets of the world. The earth
has been searched for weapons with which to
flght the enemies that destroy the • growing
crops. An insect brought from near the Great
Wall of China has checked the San Jose scale
which .was destroying our orchards: a parasitic
fly brought from South Africa is exterminating
the black scale In tho lemon and orange groves
of California; and an ant from Guatemala Is
about offering battle to the boll weevil. Broad
science has been brought to the aid of limited
experience. Study of the relations between
plant life and climate and soil has been fol
lowed by the introduction of special crops
milted to -our varied conditions. The Intro
duction of Just the right kind of seed -has en
abled the Gulf States-to Increase our rice. crop
from 115,000,000 pounds, in 189S to 400.000 000
pounds in 1903, and to supply the entire Amert
can«demand, with .a, surplus for export. The
right kind of sugar beet has increased our an
nual production . of . beet sugar, by . over 200, 000
tons. Seed brought I from countries of 1 little
rainfall' Is producing- millions of bushels of
grain ' on lands which a few years • ago j were
deemed a hopeless part of the arid belt. •
We have at last reached a point where the
public wealth of farm land which has seemed
so inexhaustible is nearly gone, and the prob
lem of utilizing the remainder for the building
of new homes has become of vital importance.
The present administration has dealt with
this problem vigorously and effectively. Great
areas had been unlawfully fenced in by men of
large means, and the bome-bullder had been
excluded. Many of these unlawful aggressors
have been compelled to relinquish their booty,
and more than 2.000,000 acres of land have
been restored to the public. Extensive frauds
In procuring grants of land, not for home
steads but for speculation, have been Investi
gated and stopped, and the perpetrators have
been Indicted and are being actively prosecuted.
A competent commission has been constituted
to examine Into the defective working of the
existing laws and to suggest practical legisla
tion to prevent further abuse. That commis
sion has reported, and bills adequate to accom
plish the purpose have been framed and are be
fore Congress. The further denudation of for
est areas, producing alternate floods and dry
ness in our river valleys, has been checked by
the extension of forest reserves, which have
been brought to aggregate more than 63.000.000
acres of land. The reclamation by irrigation
of tho vast arid regions forming the chief part
of our remaining public domain has been pro
vided for by the national reclamation law of
June 17, 1903. The execution of this law,
without taxation and by the application of the
proceeds of public land sales alone, through the
construction of storage reservoirs for water,
will make many millions of acres of fertile
lands available for settlement. Over $20,000,
000 from these sources have been already re
ceived to the credit of the reclamation fund.
Over 33,000.000 acres of public lands in four
teen States and Territories have been embraced
in the sixty-seven projects which have been de
vised and are under examination, and on eight
of these the work of actual construction has
begun. . ' - •
business has been Jeopardized, no fair and
honest enterprise, has been Injured; but it is
certain that wherever the constitutional, power
of the National Government reaches trusts are
being practically regulated and curbed within
lawful bounds as they never have before, and
the men of small capital are finding in the
efficiency and skill of the national department
of Justice a protection they never had before
against the crushing effect of unlawful com
binations. . - . .
The right of the Interstate Commerce Cdm
,mission to compel. tbe production of book's and
papers r has been established by. the Judgment
of the' Supreme Court in a suit against the
coal carrying roads.'. Other.. suits have, been
brought and •¦ other ¦' indictments - have '.' been
found and other | trusts have been \ driven back
within legal bounds. No investment in lawful
UNLAWFUL COMBINATIONS.
After long conelderatlon Congress passed
three practical statutes: On the 11th of Febu
ary 19O.'5, an act to expedite hearings In oults
In enforcement of anti-trust act; on the 14th
of February, 1903, the act creating a new De
partment of Commerce and Labor with a.Bu
reau of Corporations, having authority to se
cure systematic Information regarding • the
organization and operation of corporations en
gaged In Interstate commerce; and on -the 19th
of February. 1903, an 'act enlarging the powers
of the Interstate Commerce Commission and of
the courts, to deal with secret rebates In trans
portation charges, which are the ' chief means
by which the' trusts crush out their smaller
competitors.
The AttomeyrGeneral has gone on in the
same practical way, not to talk about the
trusts but to proceed against the trusts by law
for their' regulation. In- separate -suits four
teen of the great railroads of the. country have
been restrained by injunction from .giving ille
gal rebates to the favored shipper.,' who by
means- of them, were driving out the smaller
shippers and monopolizing the grain and meat
business of the country. The beef trust was
put under injunction. The officers of the-rail
roads engaged In. the cotton' carrying pool, af
fecting all thatgreal Industry of the South,
were Indicted and hsrve abandoned their com
biratlon. The Northern • Securities Company,
which undertook by combining, ip one owner
ship the capital stocks of the Northern Pacific
and Great Northern - railroads to end traffic
competition In the Northwest, - has been I de
stroyed by a vigorous prosecution expedited
and brought to a speedy and .effective. conclu
sion in the. Supreme Court 'under.. the act of
February 11. 1903. The Attorney-General say»:
"Here, then, are four phases of the attack
on the combinations, in. restraint of trade and
commerce — the railroad : Injunction • suits, the
cotton pool cases, the beef . trust cases and the
Northern Securities case. . The first relates to
the monopoly produced by secret and prefer
ential rates for railroad - transportation; the
second to railroad traffic pooling; the.third^to
a combination - of independent' corporations . to
fix and maintain extortionate prices for meats.
and .the fourth to a corporation organized to
merge into Itself the control of parallel and
competing lines of railroad and to eliminate
competition in their rates of transportations." '
"I believe that monopolies, unjust discrimi
nations, which" prevent or cripple competition,
fraudulent over-capitalization, and other 'evils
In trust organizations and practices which in
juriously affect interstate trade can be pre
vented under the power of the Congress to
'regulate commerce with foreign nations and
among the several States' through regulations
and requirements operating directly upon such
commerce, the Instrumentalities thereof, and
those engaged therein.*'
CREATES NEW DEPARTMENT.
'"We can do nothing of good In the way of
regulating and supervising these corporations
until we fix clearly In our minds that we are
iiot attacking the corporations, but endeavoring
to do away with any evil In them. We are not
hostile to them; we are merely determined that
they shall be so handled as to subserve th*
public good. We. draw the line against mis
conduct, not against wealth. • • •
"In curbing and regulating the combinations
of capital which are or may become Injurious
to the public we must be careful not to stop the
great enterprises which have legitimately re
duced the cost of production, not to abandon
the place which our country has won in the
leadership of the International Industrial world,
not to strike down wealth with the result of
closing factories and ' mines, of turning th?
wage-worker Idle in the streets and leaving
the farmer without a market for what he
grows. • • •
"A fundamental base of civilization I. the
inviolability of property; but this Is In no wise
inconsistent with tbe right of society to regu
late the exerctte of the artificial powers which
It confers upon the owners of property, under
the name of corporate franchises, in such a
way as to prevent the misuse of these pow
ers. • • •
At every election the regulation "of trusts had
been the football of campaign oratory and the
subject of many insincere declarations. •
Our Republican administration has taken up
the subject In a practical, sensible way as a
business rather than a political question, saying
what it really meant, and doing what lay at
Its hand to be done to accomplish effective
regulation. The principles upon which the
Government proceeded were stated by the
President in his message of December, 1902.
He .aid: - ¦
this Blatter by legislation the laws passed for
that purpose thus far hare proved ineffective,
not because of any- lack of disposition 'or at
tempt to enforce them, but simply because the
laws themselves as Interpreted by the courts
<Jo not reach the difficulty. If the Insufficien
cies of existing laws can be remedied by further
legislation it should be done. The fact must be
recognized, however, that all Federal legislation
on this subject may fall short \ of It. purpose
because of inherent obstacles and also because
of the complex character of our governmental
system, which, while making Federal authority
supreme within its sphere, has carefully limited
that sphere by metes and bound, that cannot be
transgressed."
RETIRING HEAD OF NATIONAL COMMITTEE AND TEMPORARY CHAIRMAN OF CONVENTION.
The last vestige of insurrection has been
swept away. With their work accomplished
over SS.000 American troops have been
brought back across tht» Pacific. Civil govern
ment ' has been established throughout the
archipelago. Peace and order and Justice pre
vail. The. Philippine Commission, guided at
first by executive order and then by the wise
leglslationjof Congress^In the Philippine Gov
ernment act or July 1. 1902. has established
and conducted a government which has been a
credit to its country and a blessing to the
people of the islands. The body of laws
which they have enacted upon careful and in
telligent study of the needs of the country
challenges comparison with the statutes of any
country, j The personnel of civil government
has been brought together under an advanced
and comprehensive civil service law, which has
been rigidly enforced. A complete census has
been taken, designed to be there as It was In
Cuba tho basis for representative government:
and the people of the islands will soon proceed
under provisions already made by Congress to
the election of a representative assembly. In
which for the first time in their history they
may have a voice In the making of their own
laws. In the meantime the local and pro
vincial governments are in the hands of officers
elected by the Filipinos; and in the great cen
tral offices, in the commission, on the bench,
in the executive departments, the most distin
guished men of the Filipino race are taking
their part in the government of their people.
A free school uystem has been established and
hundreds of thousands of children are learn
ing lessons which will help fit them tor self
government. The seeds of religious strife ex-
Istins In the bitter controversy between the
people and the rellglotia orders have been de
prived of _ potency for harm by the purchase
of the 'friars', lands, and their practical with
drawal. By the act of Congress of March
2 1903 a gold standard has been established
to take the place of the fluctuating silver cur
rency. The unit of value is made exactly one
half I the ¦ value i of the American gold dollar,
so. that American money is practically part of
their currency system. To enable the Philip
pine Government to issue this, new currency
$« 000,000 was borrowed by them In 1903 In
the city of. New York, and it was borrowed at
a net' interest charge of 1% per cent per an
num. The trade of the islands has Increased
notwithstanding. 'adverse conditions. During"
the last five years of peace under Spanish rule
the average total trade of the Islands was less
than $o6.000.000. During the fiscal year ending
June SO, 1903, the trade of the islands waa over
$66,000,000. - There is but one point of dla-
When the last national convention met the
Philippines also were under military rule. The
insurrectos from the mountains spread terror
among the peaceful people by midnight foray
and secret assassination. Aguinaldo bided his
time in a secret retreat. Over 70.000 American
soldiers . from more than 50O stations held a
still vigorous enemy in check. The Philip
pine Commission had not yet begun Its work.
NO MORE INSURRECTION.
"HAVANA, May, 20, 1902— Theodore Roose
velt, President, Washington: The government
of the Island having been Just transferred I.
as chief magistrate of the republic, faithfully
interpreting the sentiment of the whole people
of Cuba, have the honor to send you and the
American people testimony of our profound
gratitude and the assurance of an enduring
friendship, with wishes, and prayers to the
Almighty for the welfare and prosperity of the
United. States. T. ESTRADA PALMA."
REPUBLIC OF CUBA
The new Republic began its existence with
an administration of Cubans completely organ
ized in all its branches and trained to effective
service by American officers. The administra
tion of President Palma ha« been wise and effi
cient. Peace and order have prevailed. The
people of Cuba are prosperous and happy.
Her finances have been honestly administered,
and her credit is high. The naval stations have
been located and bounded at Guantanarao and
Bahla Honda, and are in the possession of our
navy. The >Platt amendment Is the sheet an
chor of Cuban Independence and of Cuban
credit. No such revolutions as have afflicted
Central and South America are possible there,
because it Is known to all men that an at
tempt to .overturn the foundations of that
Government will be confronted by the over-
Whelming power of the Unit«-d States. The
treaty of reciprocity and the act of Congress of
December 6, 190:1, which confirmed it, com
pleted the expression of our policy toward Cuba;
which with a far view to the future alms to
bind to us by ties of benefit and protection, of
mutual Interest and genuine friendship, that
Island which guards the Caribbean and the
highway to the isthmus, and must always be
if hostile, an outpost of attack, and. If friend
ly, an outpost of defense for the United States.
Rich as we are. the American people have no
more valuable possession than the sentiment
expressed In the dispatch which I will now
read:
On the 20th of May. 1002, under a constitu
tion which embodied these stipulations, the
government and control of Cuba were sur
rendered to the President and Congress electea
by her people, a.nd the American army sailed
away.
protect the farmer's product and extend his
market. an<l to Improve the conditions of the
farmer's life; to advance the time when
America shall raise within her own limits
every product of the soil consumed by her
people, as she makes within her own limits
every necessary product of manufacture — these
have been cardinal objects of Republican ad
ministration; and we show a record of practi
cal things done toward the accomplishment of
these objects never before approached.
Four years ago we held the Island of Cuba
by military occupation. The opposition charged
and the people of Cuba believed that we did not
Intend to keep the pledge of April 20, 1898, that
when the pacification of Cuba was accom
plished we should leave the government and
control of the Island to Its people. The new
policy toward Cuba which should follow the
fulfillment of that pledge was unformed. Dur
ing the four years It has been worked out In
detail and has received effect. It was com
municated by executive order to the Military
Governor. It was embodied in the act of Con
gress known as the Platt amendment. It was
accepted by the Cuban Constitutional Conven
tion on the 12th of October, 1901. It secured to
Cuba her liberty and her Independence, but it
required her to maintain them. It forbade her
ever to use the freedom we had earned for her.
by so stoat a sacrifice of blood and treasure,
lo give the Island to any other power; It re
quired her to maintain a Government adequate
for the protection of life and property and
liberty, and should she fail, it gave us the right
to Intervene for the maintenance of Mich a
government. And It gave us the right to naval
stations upon her coast for the protection and
defense alike of Cuba and the United States.
TREATY WITH CHINA.
Under the ' Influence of this effective friend
ship a new. commercial, treaty with China,
proclaimed on the 8th of October last, has
enlarged our - opportunities for trade, opened
new ports to our commerce, and abolished in
ternal duties on goods in transit within the em
pire. There were indeed other nations which
agreed with this policy of American diplo
macy, but no other nation was free from sus
picion of selfish alms. None other had won
confidence in the sincerity of Its purpose, and
none other but America could render the serv
ice which we have rendered to humanity In
China during the pant four years. High evi
dence of that enviable position of our country
is furnished by the fact that when all Europe
was in apprehension leat the field of war be
tween Russia and Japan should ao spread as
to involve China's ruin and a universal con
flict. It was to the American Government that
the able and farslehted German Emperor ap
pealed to take the lead again In bringing
about an agreement 'for the limitation of the
field of action, and the preservation of tho
administrative entity of China outside of Man
churia; and that was accomplished.
Upon our own continent a dispute with Can
ada over the boundary of Alaska had been
growing more acute for thirty years. A multi
tude of m'ners swift to defend their own
rights py force were locating mining claims
under the laws of both countries In the dis
puted territory- At any moment a fatal affray
between - Canadian and American miners waa
liable to begin a conflict in which all British
Columbia would be arrayed on one side and
all our Northwest upon the other. Agreement
was Impossible. But the Alaskan boundary
treaty of January 24. 1903. provided a tribunal
for the decision of the controversy; and upon
legal proofs and reasoned argument an appeal
has boen had from prejudice and passion to
Judicial judgment: and under the lead of a
great Chief Justice of England, who held the
sacred obllzations of his Judicial office above
all other considerations, the dispute has been
settled forever and substantially In accordance
with the American contention.
In 1900 the first administration of McKlnJs/
The express adherence of the powers of
Europe to this declaration was secured. The
open recognition of the rule of right conduct
imposed Its limitations upon the conduct of the
powers In tho Orient. It wu made the test
of defensible action. Carefully guarded by the
wise statesman who had secured its accept
ance. It brought a \ moral force of recognized
value to protect peaceful and helpless China
from dismemberment and spoliation, and to
preserve the open door In the Orient for the
commerce of the world. .
"To seek a solution which may bring about
permanent safety and peace to China, preserve
China's territorial and administrative entity,
protect all rights guaranteed to friendly pow
ers by treaty and international law, and safe
guard for the world the principle of equal
and impartial trade with all parts of th*
Chinese empire."
IN JUSTICE AND HONOR.
The action of the United States at every
step has been in accordance with the law of
nations, consistent with the principles of jus
tice and honor. In discharge of the trust to
build the canal we long since assumed, by de
nying the right of every other power to build
It, dictated by a high and unselfish purpose,
for the common benefit of all mankind. That
action was wise, considerate, prompt, vigor
ous and effective: and now the greatest of
constructive nations stands ready and compe
tent to begin and to accomplish the great en
terprise which shall realize the dreams of past
ages, bind together our Atlantic and Pacific
coasts, and open a new highway for that
commerce of the Orient whose course has con
trolled the rise and fall of civilizations. Suc
cess in that enterprise greatly concerns the
credit and honor of the American people, and
it is for them to say whether the building of
the canal shall be In charge of the men who
made its building possible, or of the weak
lings whose incredulous objections would have
postponed it for another generation.
i Throughout the world the diplomacy of tbe
present administration has made for peace and
Justice among nations. Clear- sighted to per
ceive and prompt \ to maintain American inter
ests. It has been sagacious and simple and di
rect in its methods, and considerate of the
rights and of the feelings of others.
Within the month after the last , national
convention met. Secretary Hay's circular note
of July 3. 19C0. to the great powers of Eu
rope had declared the policy of the United
States— •
turbance, and that I. In the country of the
Mohammedan Moros. where there Is an occa
sional fitful savage outbreak against the en
forcement of the law recently made to provide
for adequate supervision and control to put
an end to the practice of human slavery.
FREE AND PEACEFUL PEOPLE.
When Governor Taft sailed from Manila In
December last to fill the higher office where
he will still guard the destinies of the people
for whom he has done &uch great and noble
service, he was followed to tSe shore by a
mighty throng, not of repressed and sullen
subjects, but of free and peaceful people,
whose tears and prayers of affectionate fare
well showed that they had already begun to
learn that "our flag has not lost Its gift of
benediction m its world-wide journey to their
shores."
None can foretell the future: but there
aeems no reasonable cause to doubt, that under
the policy already effectively Inaugurated, the
Institutions already Implanted, and the pro
cesses already begun, in the Philippine Isl
ands. If these be not repressed and Interrupted,
the Philippine people will follow In the foot
steps of the people of Cuba; that more slowly
Indeed, because they are not as advanced,
yet as surely, they will grow In capacity for
eelf-government. and receiving power aa they
grow in capacity, will come to bear substan
tially such relations to the people of the
United States as do now the people of Cuba,
differing- in details aa conditions and needs dif
fer, but the same In principle and the same
in beneficent results.
In 10CO the project of an Isthmian canal
stood where it was left by the Clayton- Bulwer
treaty of 1850. For half a century It had
halted, with Great Britain resting upon a joint
right of control, and the great undertaking of
De Lessens struggling against the doom of
failure imposed by extravagance and corrup
tion. On the ISth of November, 1901, the
Hay-Pauncefote treaty with Great Britain re
lieved the enterprise of the right of British
control and left that right exclusively In the
United States. Then followed swiftly the ne
gotiations and protocols with Nicaragua; the
isthmian canal act of June 23. 11*02; the Just
agreement with the French Canal Company
to pay them the value of the work they had
done: the negotiation and ratification of the
treaty with Colombia; the rejection of that
treaty by Colombia in violation of our rights
and the world's right to the passage of the
Isthmus; the seizure by Panama of the op
portunity, to renew her oft-repeated effort to
throw off the hateful and oppressive yoke of
Colombia and re.-ume the independence which
once had been hers, and of which she had
been deprived by fraud and force; the success
of the revolution; our recognition of the new
republic followed by recognition from substan
tially all the civilized powers of the world;
the treaty with Panama recognizing and con
firming our right to construct the canal; the
ratification of the treaty by the Senate; con
firmatory legislation by Congress; the payment
of the $3O,00O.0CO to the French company and
to Panama; the appointment of the Canal Com
mission In accordance with law; and its or
ganization to begin the work.
Have we not had a safe and conservative
Government? Jlan not property been protected?
Are not the fruits of enterprise and industry
#txure? What safeguard of the constitution for
vetted rifctt cr Individual freedom baa not
Have not the American people r«ason for
fritti*faction and pride In the conduct of their
<;ovemment since the election of 1900, when
they rendered their judgment of approval upon
the fir>t administration of President McKinley?
Have v.-e not had an honest government ? Have
not the m^n selected for office been men of
sood reputation who by their past lives had
Klvrn evidence that they were honest and com
petent? Otn any private business be pointed
j-.ul In which lapses from honesty have been so
few and t>o trifling- proportionately as In the
public service of tbe United States? And when
they have occurred, have not the offenders
been relentlessly prosecuted and sternly pun
ished without regard to political or personal
relations?
Have we not had an effective Government?
H*ve not the law. been enforced? Has not the
blow process of legislative discussion upon many
s-rious questions been brought to practical
conclusions embodied in beneficial Matutes?
And has not the executive proceeded without
xacKlation or- weakness to give these effect?
Are not the laws of the United States obeyed
at home and does not our Go\ T erntnent com
ta*nd respect '<nd honor throughout the world?
We shall ask the continued confidence of the
people »<ecause the candidates whom we present
are cf proved competency and patriotism, fitted
to fill the offices for which they are nominated,
to tbe credit and honor of our country.
We shall a*k it because the present policies
of our Government are beneficial and ought no*
to be net urMc; and the people's bu.lnesa Is
f ":r-c well done, and ought not to be inter
fered with.
We shall a.k It because the character of th.
party gives assurance of good government. A
great political organization, competent to rov
ern. Is rot a chance collection of Individuals
brought together for tbe moment aa the shift
ing sands are piled up by wind and sea, to be
ewept away, to be formed and re-formed again.
It is a growth. Traditions and sentiments reach
ing down through struggles of years gone, and
the stress and heat of eld conflicts, and the ln-
Tuence of leaders passed away, and the ln
rralned habit cf applying fixed rules of Inter
pretation axd of thought, all give to a politi
cal party known and inalienable qualities from
which must follow, in its deliberate judgment
and ultimate action, like results for good or
bad government. We do not deny that other
parties have In their membership men of mo
rality and patriotism: but we assert with con
fidence that above all others, by the Influences
»hich gave It birth and have maintained Its
life, by the cause, for which It has striven, the
Ideal, which It ha. f ollowcd. the Republican
party as a party ha. acquired a character
which makes Its ascendancy the best guarantee
of a government loyal to principle and effective
in execution. Through It more than any other
political organization the moral sentiment of
America finds expression. It cannot depart
frcm the direction of its tendency. From what
it has been may be known certainly what It
must be. Not all of us rife to its standard;
not all of us are worthy of Its glorious history;
but as a whole this great political organiza
tion — the party of Lincoln and McKinley can
not fail to work In the spirit of Its past and
in loyalty to great Ideals.
ASK CONTINUED CONFIDENCE.
W« shall aolc it because the unbroken record
of the Republican party in the past Is an as
eurance cf the sincerity of our declarations and
the fidelity with which we shall give them
effect. Because we have been constant In princi
ple, loyal to our beliefs and faithful to our
promises, we are entitled to be believed and
trusted now.
We ehall ask It because the principles to
which we declare our adherence are right, and
the best interests of our country require that
Ibey ehould be followed in Its government.
With the platform and the candidates cf this
convention we are about to a»k a renewed ex
pression of popular confidence In the Republi
can party.
CHICAGO, June 21.— In his speech de
livered when he took the platform
to-day as temporary chairman Elihu
Hoot presented in masterly manner the
Issues before the American people, and
confronting in particular their repre
sentatives, the delegates gathered
around him in convention. From his
coign of vantage in the Cabinet, from
•which he so recently resigned. Koot has
ha.d rare opportunities for seeing: things ]
as they are, and that his perception is ;
kern and his judgment sound he dem
onstrated in a logical and convincing
speech, which was received with :
warm and intelligent appreciation. He
said:
The responsibility of government rests upon
tl>«' Republican party. The complicated ma
chiner> tbrottsfc which the M).000.o00 people of
the I'rslteu fctaus jrovcrn themselves answer*
to no »;iik!p will. The composite government
<5ev; t ed by the framere of the Constitution to
imet the conditions of national life more than
a c<r.tury ago require, the willing co-opera
tion of many minds, the combination of many
inde;x>ndent factors, in every forward step for
th^ fcii^ra: welfare.
Thr President at Washington with h!s Cabi
net, the W> Senator* representing 45 sovereign
States, the 3£<» Representatives in Congress.
are required to reach concurrent action upon a
multitude of questions involving varied and
conflicting interests and requiring investiga
tion, information, discussion and reconciliation
cf views. From all our vast territory with Ha
varieties of climate and industry, from all our
treat population active In production and com
merce «.. . social progress and intellectual and
CK»ral life to a degree never before attained by
any people. 'difficult problems press upon th»
Ivational Government.
Within the past five years more than sixty
mlx thousand bills have been introduced in Con
(rres!<. Some method of selection must be
folowed. There must be some preliminary pro
oese to ascertain the general tenor of public
Judgment upon the principles to be applied in
sovornmont. and some organization and recog
nition of leadership which shall bring a legis
lative majority and the executive into accord
in the practical application of these princi
ple*, or effective government become Impas
sible.
The practical governing instinct of our people
rias adapted the machinery devised in the
«-;ghteenth to the conditions of the twentieth
century by the organization of national politi
cal parties. In them men join for the promo
tion of a few cardinal principles upon which
they agree. For the sake of those principles
they lay aside their differences upon less im
portant questions. To represent these princi
ples and to carry on the government la accord
ance with them, they present to th* people
candidates »!jote competency and loyalty they
approve. Tlie people by their choice of candi
dates indicate the principles and methods which
they wtoh followed in the conduct at their gov
ernment. They do not merely choose between
men; they choose betwetn parties — between
th»* principles they profess, the mothods they
follow, the trustworthiness of their professions.
th* inferences to be drawn from the records of
their pa^t, the general weight of character of
the body cf men who will be brought into par
ticipation in government by their ascendancy.
FIRST HALF CENTURY.
¦When the course of the next administration Is
tut half done the Republican party will have
completed the first half century of its national
life. Of the eleven administrations since the
first election of Abraham Lincoln, nine — cover-
Ing a peric>d of thirty-six years — have been un
der Republican Presidents. For the greater
part of that time the majority in each House
of Congress ha. been Republican. History af
fords no parallel in any age or country for the
erowth in national greatness and power and
honor, the wide diffusion of the comforts of
life, the uplifting of the great mass of the
people above the bard conditions of poverty, the
common opportunity for education and Indi
vidual advancement, the universal possession of
civil and religious liberty, the protection of
property and security for the rewards of In
dustry and enterprise, the cultivation of na
tional morality, respect for religion, sympathy
with humanity and love of liberty and Justice,
* hich have marked the life of the American
people during this long period of Republican
control.
Four years ago we were living under aa
obsolete militia law more than & century old.
which Washington and Jefferson and Madison
and almost every President since their tlm»
had declared to be worthless. We presented
the curious spectacle of a people depending
upon a citizen soldiery for protection against
aggression, and making" practically no provision
whatever for training- Us citizens In the us* of
warlike weapons »r In the elementary dutlen
of the soldier. The mandate of tho constitution
which required Congress to provide for organ
izing, arming and disciplining the militia had
been left unexecuted. In default of national
provisions bodies of State troops, created for
local purposes and supported at local expense,
had grown up throughout the Union. Their
feelings toward the- regular army were rather
of distrust and dislike than of comradeship.
Their arms, equipment, discipline, organization
and methods of obtaining and accounting for
supplies were varied and Inconsistent. They
were unsulted to become a part of any homo
genuous force, and their relations to the army
of the United States were undefined and con
jectural. By the militia act of January »V
1903. Congress performed Its duty tindery th»
constitution. leaving these bodies still to
perform their duties to the States it mad*
them the organized militia of the Unltett
States It provided for their conformity in
armament. e-Vganlzatlon and discipline to the
army of the United States: It provided th»
ways In which, either strictly as militia or as
volSnteerT they should become an active part
of the army when called upon; It provided
for their training Instruction and exercise con
jointly with the regular army: it Imposed upon
the regular «nny the duty of promoting their
efficiency In many ways. In recognition of th*j
service to the nation which these cttlien sol
diers would be competent to render th» nation
THE MILITIA LAW
In the meantime, mindful that moral power*
unsupported by physical strength do not al
ways avail against selfishness and aggression
we have been augmenting the forces which
command resDect.
We have brought our navy to a high state
of efficiency and have exercised both army and
navy in the methods of seacoast defense. The
Joint Army and Navy Board has been bringing
the two services together In good understanding
and the common study of the strategy, the
preparation and the co-operation which will
make them effective in time of need. Our
ships have been exercised in fleet and squad
ron movements, have been improved in marks
man.-hip and mobility, and have been con
stantly tested by use. Since the last national
convention met we have completed and added
to our navy 5 battleships. 4 cruisers. 4, moni
tors, 34 torpedo destroyers and torpedo boats;
while we have put under construction l.» bat
tleships and 13 cruisers.
Four years ago our army numbered ovar
100. 00O men— regulars and volunteers. 73 per
cent of them in the Philippines and China.
Under the operation of statutes limiting th*
period of service, it was about to lapse back
Into its old and insufficient number of 2..0OO.
and Its old and insufficient organization linger
the practical control of permanent staff de
partments at Washington, with the same divi
sions of counsel and lack, of co-ordinating and
directing power at the head that led to con
fusion and scandal in the war with Spain.
During the past four years the lessons taught
by that war have received practical effect.
The teachings of Sherman and of Upton have
been recalled and respected. Congress has
fixed a maximum of the army at luO.OOO.
and a minimum at 60,000. so that maintaining
only the minimum In peace, as we now do.
when war threatens the President may begin
preparation by filling the ranks to the maxi
mum without waiting until after war has
begun, as he had to wait in 1S0S. Perma
nent staff appointments have been changed tr>
details from the line, with compulsory returns
at fixed Intervals to service with troops, wo
that the requirements of the field and the
camp rather than the requirements of the office
desk shall control the departments of adminis
tration and supply. A corps organization has
been provided for our artillery, with a chief
of artillery at the head, so that there may
be intelligent use of our costly seacoast de
fenses Under the act of February 14. 1003.
a general staff has been established, organized
to suit American conditions and requirements
and adequate for the performance of the long
neglected but all-Important duties of directing
military education and training, and applying
the most advanced principles of military srteno
to that necessary preparation for war which is
the surest safeguard of peace. The command
of the army now rests where It Is placed by
the constitution — In the President. His power
is exercised through a military chief of staff
pledged by tie conditions and tenure of his
office to. confidence and loyalty to IMS c«w»
mander. Thus civilian control of the military
army upon wltCh we must always Insist, la
reconciled with that military efficiency which
can be obtained only under the direction of
the trained military expert.
THE ARMY AND NAVY.
VENEZUELA INCIDENT.
When In 1903 the failure of Venesuel* to
pay her Just debts led England Germany and
Italy to warlike measures for the collection of
their claims, an appeal by Venezuela to our
Government resulted in agreements upon arbi
tration in place of the war, and In a request
that our President should act as arbitrator.
Again he promoted the authority and prestige
of The Hague tribunal, and was able to lead
all the powers to submit the crucial questions
in controversy to the determination of that
ceurt. It is due greatly to support by the
American Government that this agency lor
peace has disappointed the expectations of its
detractors and by demonstrations of practical
usefulness has begun a career fraught wtth
possibilities of Incalculable benefit to mankind.
On the 11th of April. 1003. waa proclaimed
another convention between all the great pow
ers agreeing upon more humane rules for the
conduct of war; and these in substance Incor
porated and gave the sanction of the civilized
world to the rules drarted by Francis Lieber
and approved by Abraham Lincoln for the con
duct of the armies of the United States in th»
field.
All Americans who desire saf«» and conser
vative administration which shall avoid caiute
of quarrel all who abhor war. all who long
for the perfect sway of the principles o« that
religion which we all profess, should rejoice
that under thl3 Republican administration their
country has attained a potent leadership among
the nations in the cause of peace and Interna
tional Justice. ,
The respect and moral power thus gained
has been exercised in the Interests of human
ity, where the rules of diplomatic intercourse
have made formal Intervention impossible.
When the Roumanian outrages and when tha
appalling massacre at Klshlneff shocked civ
ilization and filled thousands of our own peo
ple with mourning, the protest of America was
heard through the voice of its Government,
with full observance of diplomatic rules, but
with moral power and effect.
We have advanced the authority of the
Monroe doctrine. Our adherence to the con
vention which established The Hague tribunal
was accepted by the other powers, with a
formal declaration that nothing » he « la co »
tained ehould be construed to imply the relin
qulshment by the United States of Its tradi
tional attitude toward purely American ques
tions Th. armed demonstration by the Eu
ropean powers against Venezuela was made
the occasion for disclaimers to the Lnite*i
States of any Intention to seize the territory
of Venezuela, recognizing In the most unmis
takable way the rights of the United States
expressed in the declaration of that traditional
policy.
had played a great part In establishing Th*
Hague Tribunal for International Arbitration.
The prevailing- opinion of Europe was Incred
ulous as to the practical utility of the pro
vision, and anticipated a paper tribunal un
sought by litigants. It was the example of
the United States which sot at naught this
opinion. The first International case taken to
The Hague tribunal was under our protocol
with Mexico of May 22. 1902. submitting our
contention for the rights of the Roman Cath
olic church in California to a share of the
church moneys held by the Mexican Govern
ment before the cession, and known as the
Pious fund; and the tirat decision of the
tribunal was an award In our favor upon that
question.
McKinley and
Hanna Are
I I ClIOCUi
Regulation of
Big Corpor
ations.
Wisdom of the
Late Presi
dent.
To Increase
the Farmers'
Profit.
Increase of the
Wealth of the
Country.
Grand Record
of the Party
in Power.
' ¦ : ' ¦-•¦¦•¦-.¦ ¦ - * ' ¦¦ ¦ ¦¦¦ " - ' . ; ¦
fHE SAN FRANCISGO CALL, ; WEDNESDAY, JUNE 22, 1904.
TEMPORARY CHAIRMAN ROOT SOUNDS KEYNOTE OF CAMPAIGN IN MASTERLY SPEECH
5Soeder Case Continued.
Judge Cook did not hold court yes
terday to^hear the arguments on the
motion for a new trial for Leon
Soeder, convicted of the murder of his
brother-in-law, Joseph Blaise. A tele
phone message was received from him
yesterday morning that he had been
notified of the illness of Attorney Salo
mon, counsel for Soeder, and asking
Judge Lawlor to continue the case till
Monday. This was done. At that time
the Judge will also deliver his decision
on the motion for a' new trial on be
half of Mrs. Cordelia Botkln, con
victed of the murder of Mrs. John P.
Dunning. . .
OAKLAND, June 21.— The police
have been asked by Mrs. J. W. Mur
phy, wife of a blacksmith, to help her
find her husband.. They moved re
cently from San Leandro to Emery
ville. Last Saturday morning he dis
appeared and has not been heard
from. Mrs. Murphy and two small
children are in great distress.
Husband Disappears.
OAKLAND. June 21. — The Grand
Jury met in session to-day and is pre
paring its final report County Audi
tor G. W. Bacon and County Expert
Sabin were called as witnesses to tes
tify as to the condition of the county
funds. The Jury \vill meet again next
Thursday, when it is expected the re
port will be submitted.
Ready to Report.
William O'Brien, who was arrested
June 16 for attempting to pass a
raised $1 bill on C. Hansen of the De
fender saloon on East street, was for
mally arrested by the Government of
ficials yesterday and held in J3000 bail
by Commissioner Manley for hearing
June 28. . . -
Before O'Brien entered the De
fender saloon Hansen had been
warned by the secret service men to
be on the lookout for bills raised from
$1 to $10. When O'Brien offered a bill
of thut character in payment for a
flask of whisky Hansen refused to ac
cept it and endeavored to capture
O'Brien. The lattet broke away, but
ran into the arms of Officer Maloney.
Before doing so he put the fictitious
bill in his mouth and swallowed . ft.
There was no evidence found on
O'Brien, but'he was locked up in the
City Prison pending an investigation
by the Government officers.
Mnn Who Swallowed Fictitious Note
Is Formally Arrested by Govern
ment Oflicers.
WILLIAM O'BRIEN HELD ON
CHARGE OF RAISING BILL
BOSTON, June 21. — Among the
students who graduate from the New
England Conservatory of Music
next week is Miss Marion Howard
Fitton of Oakland. Cal.. who com
pletes a course in the piano forte with
high rank. Miss Fitton Is one of the
most talented and promising pupils to
be graduated this. year.
Honors for Oakland Girl.
A petition for a writ of error tn
favor of Lee Look, the Chinese mur
derer, was filed with the Supreme
Court yesterday. If the petition is de
nied the contest will be carried to the
United States Supreme Court. Lee
Look shot a fellow countryman in San
Jose four years ajfo during the course
of a highbinder war. The authorities
have labored zealously to send the de
fendant after his victim, but b^ an
unfortunate train of circumstances
Lee Look has been able thus far to es
cape the noose. He has recently been
sentenced to death for the third time.
Le© Look Is Still Fishtin*.
OAKLAND. June 21. — Rev. Father
J. B. Fraught of Sacred Heart Church
was presented with a well filled purse
by the ladies of the parish yesterday,
prior to his departure on a visit to his
boyhood home in Prince Edward Isl
and. The recipient of the token feel
ingly expressed his appreciation of the
gift, which was to him a great sur
prise. Father Praught expects to be
absent from Oakland- for three
months.
Present Purse' to a l*rl«st.
Marriact" Licenses.
OAKLAND, June 21. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day:
Everett O. Kelley. 20, and Adah A.
Rowe. 17, both of Oakland; Harry A.
Crandell, over 21, and Anna Engwick,
over 18, both of Oakland: Arnold E.
Needham, over 21, and Edith L. Lar
key. over 18, both of Oakland; John
P. Sullivan, 55, Mariposa, and Marie
Turner, 39. San Francisco; Sam Kirsh
enbaum, 34, and Sarah Reich. 29,
both of San Francisco: John W. G.
Morris. 27, and Minnie Reid. 29, both
of Brantford, Canada; William F.
Barnett, 42. and Caroline B. Silver, 40,
both of Oakland.
Boycott Is Renewed.
OAKLAND, June 21. — The boycott
against the Sparta oyster house, which
was temporarily suspended three days
ago, was renewed last night by the
Cooks' and Waiters' Union. The fight
will be kept up until the proprietor
signs the agreement with the union.
The proprietor's claim that all the
men employed in the rpjrtaurant were
partners in the busineS^ was not sub
stantiated to the satisfaction of the
union and as the Sparta is the only
restaurant in town which is not bound
by th« agreement the union threatens
to bring the proprietor to terms.
James G. Hamilton. Foreman Risdon
Iron Works, Arrested on Charge
of Cruelty to Animals.
James G. Hamilton is employed as
a foreman at the Risdon Iron Works
and lives on Arkansas street. His
neighbor say - that he strongly dis
likes cats and dogs and avails himself
ot every opportunity to rid the neigh
borhood of their existence.
Mrs. Hattie Nelson swore to a war
rant before Police Judge Fritz yester
day for Hamilton's arrest on a charge
of cruelty to animals. Mrs. Nelson al
leges that last Saturday morning about
6 o'clock she saw Hamilton throw a
rock at Mrs. Louise Lewis' favorite
cat. The rock struck the cat on the
head and stunned it. Hamilton, think
ing it was dead, piled a lot of rocks
on top of it and walked away.
After Hamilton had gone Mrs. Nel
son and her husband disinterred the
cat, which was still breathing,* but
Nelson killed it to end its sufferings.
Mrs. Nelson says she heard the report
of a shot first and thinks Hamilton
fired at the cat.
Hamilton was arrested by Police
man Hooper and released on $10 cash
bail. He said he had a right to kill
the cat, as it had been killing his pet
chickens. He denied that he had
killed any other domestic animals.
Democratic Lawyers Appointed.
Chairman Spellacy of the Demo
cratic State Central Committee has
appointed the following members of
the committee to constitute the law
committee of the new Democratic
State Central Committee: R. M. Fitz
gerald, Alameda, chairman: Arthur
Seymour, Sacramento; F. H. Weihe,
Sierra: Curtis Hillyer, San Francisco;
J. H. Bardln, Monterey.
BERKELEY. June 21. — Columbia University
honored Professor Hugo de Vries. the greatest
living botanist, who is coming to give instruc
tion at the summer school, by conferring upon
hlra the degree of doctor of science at the
commencement exercises held at the university
on June 0. Six other honorary degrees were
conferred by President Nicholas Murray But
ler, who presided. Professor de Vries is head
of the botany department at the University of
Amsterdam.
Dr. Hermann Ostwald, the son of Professor
Wllhelm Ostwald. the great German chemist,
who delivered the dedicatory address at the
dedication of the Loeb Physiological Labora
tory last year, is on his way to the university
In company with Professor Avante Arrhenlus
of Stockholm, the famous physicist. The
young man Is a scientist ¦ himself and comes
to put himself under the tutelage of Profes
sor Jacques Loeb. with whom be will be as
sociated for a rear. . .
Professor Frederick Jackson Turner of the
University of Wisconsin, before beginning his
course of lectures In history at the summer
school, will deliver the commencement ad
dress at the Marysvllle Illgh School
In honor of Professor George H. Howison
the first publication In the new series on phil
osophy that is to come from the university
nress will be a memorial volume. It will con
tain a series of philosophical articles by former
pupils of Professor Howlson. There will also
be contributions frorn Professor C. Bake
well of California. Professor Metzes of the
University of Texas and Professor McGilvary
of Cornell. -•' r -'-
BERKELEY, June 21. — Dari!el
Healy, a plumber, touched a lighted
match to a leaking gas pipe in the
new block. La Paloma, this morning
and instantly there was an explosion
that wrecked things. The outburst
tore a big hole In the plaster of one
of the rooms and started a fire that
threatened to bum down the whole
building. Fortunately there was a
fire hose at hand and the flames were
quickly extinguished. Healy escaped
with some Ringed hair and a few
scratches.
Exploding: Gas Damages House.
ACCUSED OF BURYING
NEIGHBOR'S CAT ALIVE
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Frank Bacon appears in the role of
Augustus Keen Shaver, the barber,
who causes all the trouble and pro
vokes much of the mirth. Donald
Bowles and George Bloomquest are
the two chums responsible for most
of Shaver's trials. Others in the cast
are W. L. Gleason. Bennett Southard,
Joe Carroll, Robert Lawler, Miss Anna
Robert*. Miss Louise Brownell. Miss
Marie Baker,' Miss Frances Slosson
and Miss Grace Goodall.
OAKLAND. June 21. — "My Friend
From India," the bill at Ye Liberty
Playhouse for this week, was present
ed last night before a large audience
that enjoyed the famous comedy and
gave unstinted applause to the play
ers.
Famous Comedy Delight* Large
Crowds and Players Receive Well
Merited Applauxe.
"MY FRIEND FROM INDIA"
AT YE LIBERTY THEATER
OAKLAND, June 21. — Tired of a
life she believes has been misspent,
Mrs. Dot Bernard attempted to end
her existence this morning. She took
gas at her apartment in the Weber
House on Twelfth and Franklin
streets. Lodgers detected the escap
ing gas and breaking into the room
found the woman in an unconscious
condition. She was conveyed to the
Receiving Hospital and resuscitated.
Mrs. Bernard is but 23 years of age
and is the wife of a baker living at 12
Telegraph avenue. Three years ago
she was kidnaped by a gang of roughs
and confined in a cabin in Emeryville
for several days, finally obtaining her
freedom by Jumping through a win
dow.
With Gas, but Is Rescued Before
Death. Comes. ¦
Mrs. Dot Bernard Attempts Suicide
DESPAIRS BECAUSE
OF A MISSPENT LIFE
If the agreement of April 23 Is modified or
amended to conform with the . above regula
tions of the board the petitions for permits
will bo granted. Otherwise the board will h'.ld
that said agreement Is opposed In letter and
spirit to the Woodward act and the p*ltlons
of Wolf &»Sons,' the American Produce Com
pany and L. Scatena ie Co. for permits will
be denied. '• '
Cach permit holder has agreed with this
board in wrltlnu that he will not, during the
life of guch permltr be a party to any con
spiracy, agreement or understanding whereby
he shall refuse to sell to any solvent purchaser
or buy from any person whatever.
In clause 6 of the agreement of April 23
there is unquestionably an agreement among
the signers thereof that they will not sell to
or buy from each other potatoes and onions
in quantities lers than fifty and twenty-five
boxes respectively.
This is admittedly done for the purpose of
fixing a wholesale price on such product. . In
other words, there Is a combination among
the signers of this agreement whereby they
say what shall be considered wholesale quanti
ties. Rule 44IJ prescribes that dealers In such
products shall sell theri In lots as small aa
ten boxes of potatoes anil five boxes of onions.
This Is a rule or regulation fixed in pursuance
of the power given the board by the Woodward
act. . . . ¦ . • .¦
In the judgment of the board, acting upon
the opinion of Its counsel, the Woodward law
contemplates that all persons holding permits
to sell perishable products on the wharves
must 8#U such products impartially. In such
quantities as the purchasers may desire at
the same prices, but for the purpose of trade
the unit upon which to base a wholesale price
has b^en fixed at ten boxes or sacks of po
tatoes and five sacks of onions, and that In
so far as the agreement of April 23. 190*.
between the wholesalers attempts to fix fifty
boxes ot. potatoes and twenty-five boxes of
onions as the unit or basis upon which to
fix the wholesale price of potatoes and onions,
with a sliding Increase In price for smaller
quantities of such product, it violates the
terms of said iaw and the regulation of this
board. . . '
JUDGMENT OF BOARD,
The board has prescribed the ten and five
rule for potatoes and onions respectively and
deems it a reasonable one and will enforce it.
The inconvenience which may be felt by the
jobber will possibly be a benefit to the con
sumer of such produce.
In plain language the Woodward law seems
to have been enacted for the protection of both
tbe grower or producer and the consumer, and
to be intended to prevent a condition under
which the grower might receive a very small
compensation for his produce while the con
sumer could only obtain it at a very high
or perhaps a prohibitive price.
This would seem to be best obtained, by an
arrangement that would allow the small re
taller to buy from the wholesaler on the
wharves, thus bringing the agent of the
grower (the wholesale dealer) and the agent
of the consumer (the small retailer) Into di
rect communication, and for the better ac
complishment of this purpose the holder of
a permit to sell perishable products on the
wharves Is given a free license or right to
use State property for his personal business
and Profit. In return for this license or right
the State demands some return or considera
tion, and that Is that the permit holder shall
sell importially to all for cash and shall enter
Into no agreement not to sell or buy from any
person whatever— all under such general regu
lations as this board may prescribe.
This board has among its rules one, to
wlt. No. 44%, which says that a price must
be established on potatoes in lots as small
as ten boxes or sacks and on onions on Iota
as small as five sacks, thereby meetlns the
requirements of the small retailer and also
complying more nearly with the custom of the
markets of the world, where the unit of meas
urement upon which prices are based Is usually
a small one. - such as bushels, pounds, yards,
etc, with, as a matter of negotiation, a de
crease in price for a large lot and not, as In
this case, a Urge unit, fifty and twenty-five
sacks, with an increase in price for a smaller
lot. I
The Harbor Commissioners an
nounced yesterday that unless the
wholesale produce dealers in this city
modify their agreement regarding the
minimum lots of potatoes and onions
to be sold by them on the State's prop
erty in this city wharf permits' will
be -withheld. If, however, " it* shall be
shown to the Commissioners -at their
regular meeting to be held one week
from to-day that the objectionable part
in their agreement fixing a high mini
mum has been abandoned, the new per
mits to L. Scatena & Co., the American
Produce Company and Wolf & Son will
be issued. The arguments having been
made at a previous meeting of the
Commissioners, the proceedings of yes
terday were brief. Commissioner Kirk
patrick read aloud the decision of the
board, which is as follows:
TEXT OF DECISION.
llarDor Commissioners Will
Withhold Permits Until
Dealers Come to Terms
MUST MODIFY
THEIR COMPACT
OAKLAND, June 21. — Julia F.
Hulme obtained a divorce to-day from
Edwin P. Hulme, a wool broker, on
the ground of desertion. In granting
the decree Judge Ogden said: "The
court will now aid the machinations
of the defendant by granting the plain
tiff a decree of divorce. The case
looks as if it had been agreed upon."
By stipulation the husband had
agreed to pay $80 a month for the
s-upport of the children.
Annie H. Curtis obtained a divorce
from Waldo W. Curtis to-day on the
ground of neglect.
Maudena S. Ritches secured a de
cree of divorce from Earl A. Riches
to-day on the ground of cruelty.
Suits for divorce were begun to-day
by Delena A. Clifford against John E.
Clifford and Henry Brunner against
Mamie Brunner for desertion, deser
tion being the ground alleged In each
action.
Julia F- Hulnic Obtains a Divorce,
Although Judge Ogden Says It
Has Queer Look.
WEARY OF LIFE WITH
INCOMPATIBLE SPOUSES
It was agreed that a committee
from the dairymen meet with the
Board of Health \o-morrow night at
8:30 to arrive at some understanding,
a report of the conclusions to be filed
with the Hospital Committee on Fri
day morning.
A number of dairy owners and milk
dealers appeared yesterday before the
Hospital and Health Committee of the
Board of Supervisors to protest
against the incorporation in a pro
posed ordinance of the rules and reg
ulations adopted by the Health Board
for the sanitary conduct of dairies.
The dairymen were represented by
George H. Pippy, who argued that the
regulations were too drastic and if
made mandatory would cause great
hardship to the milk industry.
Pippy said the dairymen were will
ing to meet with the Board of Health
to agree on sanitary requirements, but
were not willing to go to any elaborate
expense.
Dr. Ward, president of the Board of
Health, said it was not intended to
work a hardship on the dairymen, but
the board would insist on having pure
milk supplied to consumers, as bad
milk worked a hardship on the pub
lic. Messrs. Daly, Brewer, Pohlman
and Stone were heard and they pro
tested against certain specific rules.
Pohlman said that most dairymen
rented their premises and- that the
conditions are too onerous and prac
tically ' impossible of compliance.
Stone said that trouble would result
with union milkers if the rules were
enforced.
Declare Proposed Rules of Health
Board Will Work Hardship on
Milk Industry.
DAIRYMEN OBJECT TO
SANITARY REGULATIONS
Paymaster Rlchworth Nicholson was the
guest of honor at a jolly al fresco luncheon
riven by his sister, Miss Viva Nicholson, re
cently at Lake Chabot. The other guests
were Miss Gertrude Gould. Miss Lillian Isaacs,
Miss Isabelle Kendall, Miss Ethel Valentine.
William Robson, Charles Hutchlnson, Philip
Paschal, Walter Ross. Lloyd Lacey.
The bride, it la hardly necessary to nay, was
a dream. Her snowy gown of crepe de chine
and lace was guiltless of ornament save tbe
pearl wreath, which was her fiance's gift. A
long veil covered her dark hair and she car
ried a shower bouquet of Bride roses. Mrs.
Ora Aiken was matron of honor and the six
little ribbon bearers— Dorothy Trcsloan. Edna
Aiken Sanford, Jefferson, Huth and Hale Lar
key — formed an aisle through which the bridal
party passed.' Constance and Suraner Meering
were also to have assisted with tbe ribbons, but
were unable to be present on account of the
illness of their father, who is Mr. Needham's
brother-in-law. . , A1 _
The groom was attended by his brother,
Guy Needham. ¦
The happy couple have gone direct to their
cottase In Mill Valley, .where they have to
extend their honeymoon over six months.
Mr. Needham is a special inspector in the
treasury department of the United States cus
toms service. He and his bride are both well
known here, whera they have almost grown
up. Mrs. Needham for theiast year has been
connected with the Oakland School Depart
ment and at all times has been prominent in
charitable and church affairs, as well as in
social circles. She is the daughter of Mrs.
M. E. Larkey and a sister of Dr. A. S. Larkey
of this city.
OAKLAND. June 21. — At the marriage of
Miss Edith Larkey and Arnold Needham this
evening the nuptial blessing wu pronounced
by the groom's father. Rev. A. T. Needham.
Although relatives and a few dear friends only
were present at the eimpre little ceremony,
and no elaborate preparations had been made,
it was one of the prettiest of the many June
weddings.
The bride and all of her attendants were In
white, the needed touch of color showing In
the decorations which had been arranged with
exquisite taste under the direction of Miss Ida,
Larkey. /Palms overarched the hall and stair
way and the dining-room was a delightful
study in red and green. The tiny drawing
room, however, where the ceremony took place
was of course the center of attraction. Across
the round, shallow window a coarse white net.
Interwoven with pink blossoms, was draped
and overhead a canopy of white tulle and as
paragus fern supported a bell of white sweet
peas. Elsewhere in the room sprays of feath
ery wild parsley were gracefully disposed,
while lilies and pink carnations shed their
fragrance over an unusually pretty scene.
JUNE BRIDES
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, June 21.
Some change in the Bchedule of fees
charged by City Engineer C. L. Hug
grins is contemplated by the Board of
Trustees and an investigation is now
on to determine just where and how
the pruning ought to be done. It is
estimated that Engineer Huggins will
receive from fees this year about
$12,000. He says that last year his
gross income was $10,000. This is due
to thf unprecedented number of Im
provements going on in Berkeley just
now.
Thomas RIckard, president of the
Board of Trustees, says that some
thing will be done in regard to the
ordinance regulating the fees charged
by the City Engineer. Either the
rates will be reduced or arrangements
made to divert some portion of them
to the city.
"In many cases the charges are too
high," said President Rickard to-day.
"They ought to be equalized, and I
think part of the income should go to
increase the salaries of some of our
underpaid officials."
"My gross Income last year was
$10,000," said Mr. Huggins, when in
formed of this impending change.
"Out of that amount I had to pay for
assistance that cost $4000, so it is not
all profit. This year it may amount
to something more. The office has not
always paid like that, however, and
only these last two or three years have
been so profitable to me."
REJECTS ALL BIDS FOR
HAY. GRAIX AND COAL
SERIOUS ACCIDENTS
BEFALL OAKLAXDERS
Drs. John Fearn and .7. M. Shan
non Arc Run Into and Sus
tain Injuries.
OAKLAND, June 21. — Three reports
of serious accidents were received at
police headquarters this morning. Dr.
John Fearn, one of Oakland's well
known physicians, was run down by a
car at Eighth and West streets while
riding his bicycle. Two of his ribs
were broken and he sustained several
severe lacerations.
At almost the same time this acci
dent happened in one part of the city,
Dr. J. M. Shannon was thrown from
his buggy in another. He was driving
down Telegraph avenue when his
buggy was overtaken by a runaway
horse drawing a butcher's cart. The
animal had become frightened at a
Fourth of July pistol. The wheels of
the cart crashed into the doctor's
buggy and upset it. Dr. Shannon was
thrown out. His nose was broken and
his knees were badly cut.
While returning home from a bar
becue at Lake Chabot last night Carl
Steffen, a butcher, fell from the rear
end of a buggy in which he was rid
ing and his spine was seriously in
jured. He was removed to the County
Infirmary this morning. It is believed
that he will have to be operated on.
While Beach Soule and a friend
were driving Out Broadway this morn
ing their spirited horse ran away with
them. Out on Telegraph avenue the
animal ran between two piles of
bitumen, where he became wedged,
and was caught. The men were badly
shaken up but otherwise unharmed.
Supervisors' Committee Invites New
Proposals, Owine to Wide Differ
ence In Prices.
The Joint committee on Hospitals,
Police and Public Buildings -yesterday
decided to reject all bids filed for hay
and grain for various city institutions
and to invite new bids. Action was
taken because of the varied prices
submitted. They ranged from $13 to
$16 per ton. The bids are to cover
the supply for all institutions instead
of being segregated as heretofore. The
bids for coal were also rejected be
cause of the great difference in the
prices. New bids were ordered to be
invited under general specifications.
Cannot Collect His Bill.
C. S. Brown swore to a complaint
yesterday charging C. W. Keys with
violating a recent ordinance making
It a misdemeanor to evade payment of
a bill for an automobile ride. Brown
alleges that on the night of June 17
Keys, who said he was connected with
the British Consulate, hired an auto
mobile to take some frineds for a ride.
Several hours were occupied in the
pleasures of the ride and when Brown,
who was the chauffeur, asked Keys
for payment of 540 he was blandly
told to send the account to the office
of the British Consul for collection.
Brown did so, but although he has
haunted the Consulate office he has
been unable to find Keys or get any
satisfaction.
The Crandall-Silva wing of the Un
ion Labor County Central Committee
received recognition from the Board of
Supervisors to-day in preference to the
Hyde-Atherton faction, which claims to
be the real committee. The question
of -which Fide had the better title to be
considered the real head of the Union
Labor party In Alameda County was
argued by Attorneys Hugh Aldrlch and
W. S. O'Brien before the board this
morning. On motion cf Supervisor H.
D. Rowe the petition of Crandall and
hi* followers to have the party name
go upon the ballots at the coming pri
mary election was then accepted as
coming from the legally constituted
head of the party.
The decision is deemwl of some im
portance, as it is claimed that it gives
the side recognized the power to ap
pomt all outside delegates. Within the
corporate limits of Alameda, Berkeley
and Oakland elections for delegates
must be held, but in the outlying dis
tricts these are appointed. It is claimed
that Crandall's Bide can go into the
convention with fifty-one appointed
delegates out of a total of 260. The only
county officers to be elected this fall in
whom the party Is interested are tbe
Supervisors. The reorganization of the
County Central Committee also takes
place, "however, and there is possibility
of a change in the entire machinery
of the party.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 21.
The leng lost man expressed joy at
hearing from his relatives, whom he
had thought dead, too. It seems that
after the war he wandered about the
country for a long time before settling
down to regular habits again, and thus
failed to hear of his family. Then he
went to Taltal, Chile, and became in
terested in mines, which have made him
a rich man. He married and now has
a family of his own.
"It Is just like having somebody risen
from the dead," said Mrs. Boettiger to
day. "It is a stranger story than I
ever read. We are all thankful to have
him restored to us, and may have a
family reunion some day."
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2148 Center Street, June 21.
Like a voice from the dead that of
Frank Thamm has come back to his
mother and his sister, who, for twenty
five years, believed he was dead. He
has not actually reappeared before
them in the flesh, but they know he
is still living, for a letter haa come
from him in far-off Chile. It has been
reserved for Mrs. William Thamm, the
mother of .this modern Lazarus, and
Mrs. Herman C. Boettiger, his sister, of
1701 Walnut street, to know this experi
ence of having kin restored to them
after such a lapse of years.
Altogether it is a strange story.
Frank Thamm was an adventurous
spirit and young twenty-five years ago
when ha lived with his family in Chile.
His love of adventure attracted him
to the army when the war between
Chile and Peru broke out, and he
foueht all through it.
But the soldier did not come back
after the war v and a year or two after
ward, his family having heard that he
had fallen in battle, came to California.
It occurred to the mother and sister
often that he might not be dead, but
they did not make any positive at
tempt to find him.
About six months ago, however, Mrs.
Boettiger's husband wrote to Chile In
the hope of settling all doubt about
Thamm's fate. A letter came in reply
to this communication yesteraay and
the family fully expected that it would
tell a tale of death. But great was
their surprise when they opened it
and found that Thamm himself had
written it.
Timothy'O'Leary, father of the youth,
attempted to quiet him, and a fierce
struggle ensued, that only ended when
neighbors came to the assistance of the
elder man and aided him in binding hl3
son hand and foot with a clothes line.
Young O'Leary was then conveyed to
the Receiving Hospital and placed un
der the influence of opiates. It is
thought by the physicians who exam
ined him that the youth's mind Is but
temporarily deranged.
Grief over the death of his mother.
Mrs. Mary O'Leary. which occurred
this morning, caused 19-year-old Paul
O'Leary to • become mentally unbal
anced, so that his removal to the de
tention ward in the Receiving Hospital
became necessary. Shortly after Mrs.
O'Leary breathed her last the eon be
gan to act in & frenzied manner and
wreck the Interior of his home at 659
Albion street.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 21.
The county authorities have taken
action toward finding out who is the
real owner of a bill for $344 claimed by
both the Enquirer Publishing Com.
pany and Mrs. Kate T. Putnam. An
action was begun to-day by the District
Attorney against both parties, asking
for an Injunction restraining them from
bringing actions against the county for
the payment of the claim until it had
been decided which of tfiem is entitled
to the money.
The claim is of long standing and has
been the cause of much trouble. The
publishing company • did printing for
Assessor Henry P. Dalton to the
amount named, and Its representative
assigned the account of Mrs. Putnam
in order to get the money without de
lay. The cash was passed through sev
eral hands and was stolen. Just who
got it has never been determined, but
both the Enquirer andfMrs. Putnam
are still claimants before the Board of
Supervisors for the money. When the
publishing company failed to get the
cash advanced by Mrs. Putnam it put
in a bill for the work, notwithstanding
that its claim had been assigned. The
company and Mrs. Putnam have kept
up a fight before the Supervisors until
finally the District Attorney was in
structed to bring the present action.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, June 21.
Choice Gives Authority to
Appoint One Fifth of the
Delegates to Convention
Would Enjoin the Enquirer
and Mrs. Kate T. Putnam
From Pressing Claims
Bates May Be Reduced and
Tart of ; Receipts Given
to t lie Underpaid Officers
Allca C. and Charles A. Bailey (husband,
by Raymond II. ISailoy. attorney) to Henrui*
and Selma S. Joutyrn. lot on K line of Fcurtji
street, 101 S of Bancroft way. S 23 by K !-•">.
t»?ln* portion of lot 1'.'.. block ttt, corrected
map Kaymontl Tract, Berkeley; $10.,-
Judson M. and I-ouis-e S. Oavls to Oti» w.
Enjrs (single), lots 1. 2. 7 to 11. Z3 to 27. blw*
P; lots 7, » IS to 'J.:. 23 JS and 2». block N:
lots 6 to it, 21 to 2ti and T.K block <>. map
blocks M N O and P. Harmon Tract. Berkeley;
Flora M. Thomas (widow) to Llndicren-Hleks
Company (corporation*, until vl Jed one-third •>*
N* U*> fen of E :« feet, of lot 5> and N l'*>
feet of lots 10 to IX block I*. Blake Tract,
map No. 1. Berkeley; $10.
Jouei'h and Ueitha Goldman, and I. W . and
Carrie Goldman, to Edward F. Kownthal. lot
on N line of Haskell str«-<-t. 2W.SM1 \V of Mn
ble, W 105. N 114.(Ci. E ltS.CS, S 111; TO. to
b*jtlnnir.ff. lou IS tn i.'. except E 20 fc«t of
lot 12, map of resubdivisu-n of portion of block i
I> and E. farrisnn Tract (recorded June J»\
l«W>. Berkeley; «10.
Grace M. Irwin (sinsle) to Henry B. Wil
liams, lot en S line of f ixt>-nrst (M;Ki- »
street, lm> \V of Calais (Ootdtnlal), W ...:H
by S IS5. portion of lot «. block P. Para.li*«
Park. Oakland- $10.
Frank E. and Miry Armwtron* tf> Plus \% et
zell. lot on » line of Fair>lew 3treet. 211.09
E of Telegraph avenue S 110 by E -X\ lot 11
and portion of lot 13. 'Moiler Tiact. Oakland;
$10. ' m -
Delia A. V. and Lewis W. Howes to Fred
Omo. lot on NE line of East Seventeenth
street 30:« ?E of Ninth avenue. 0E ¦»!:« by
NE 1»X>, blnclf 0.~>. Clinton. Kaot Oakland: $1".
A. I. and Etta B Goodfrlend to W. U. Sett.
lot 8 block E. map of Tuohys Second Addrtlon
to Berkeley, Oakland Township: $H>-
Maybolle L. Hutohlnsm to A. Hardy, lot
en N line of Union avenu»\ »22:4 L i W of San
Pablo avenue W no ly N 123. lot «. map »f
property of Villa Homestead Association. Oak
land Township; $10.
Annie Skinner (widow) to Ella B. Nash, Int
on E line of I'nlon street. 40 N of Itancro.t
way N 80 by K 110-..5. portion of lot 7, block;
2. Villa lots joinins University «lte on S,
etc., Berkeley; $10.
Belle and Fred Muscott to Lyman AU»n. lot
on W line of Henry street. 2t:<> S of Vine. S
45 by W l.J4.«4, lot 1. subdivision plan of
and Swain property of block 7, Graves
and Tsylor Tract. Berkeley; $1°.
Sarah J. and I.yman Allen to Belle Muscott^
lot on S line of Kose street. 00 W of Arch, w
41:7 by S >>2 p-jrtion Iot3 21 to 2:;, block 1. re
subdlvision portion plan T. M. Antisell'a map
Villa Lota. Berkeley: $lf».
Hannah R. Spangle (widow) to Inah Sinclair.
lot on S line of Delaware street. 11ZS7 W of
Shattuck avenue. \V 120 by S 13»."1. lots 9 to
11. block 5. Sea View Park, Berkeley; $10.
Patrick Shea to Hannah R. Spangle, same;
$10.
Thomas F. I>yer fsinxle) and Lor* Dyer
Merrill to Guy Hyde Chick, lots 2 and U. block
2. Daley's Scecic Park. Berkeley; 110.
Rosa A. and Julius H. Flrehammer to How
ard S. Holmes, lot en S line of Pacific avenu*.
116 \V of Paru. AV 50 by S 150, Alameda: $1<K
Mary Gorton (widow) to Rachel A. Erlcssoa
and Caroline J. Shirley (daughter tlrst parly),
lot 13. block XJ, Stratton'a survey orislnal
Town of Alarrleda. Alameda: grift.
J. C. arri Kitti* Itullotk to Nils E. ami
Josephine J Benjtston, lot on SW corner of
Kirkham and Twelfth streets. S 34 by W 1O4.
portion lota 27 and 2.S Center- street IIom»
Lots. Oakland; $10.
Blanche and R. Whlteh»ad to Otto Nieml
(Ti<J*ried). lot on N lin« of Forty-first street.
ICO W of Grove, W ."!2:B by N 137:0. purtion
lot 105. map 2. Montgomery Tract, Oakland;
$10
John Scannell to Mary Whltfleld (ScannelK.
lot on \V line of Hollis street. 425 N of H. N
125 by TV 13J. beins subdlvlgions A and B of
lot 7 and subdivisions B. C and D of lot 8.
block 800. map No. 2. Watts Tract, first party
reserves life estate. Oakland: gift.
Annls Scannell (Maloney) tr> Llllie Maloney.
undivided ona-flfth of lot <m W line of Canp
bsll street. 110 S of Thirteenth. S 2"> by W
115, lot 8. block 1, Plat Tract S83, Oakland;
fio.
J. E. or J«hn E. Byler to Emma M. Byler.
lot on W line of Chestnut street. 20O N of
West Tenth, W 80 by N 25. portion of lot «.
record map of the Adeline Homestead No. 1,
Oakland; $10.
A 1 ill a A. and Charles T. Remington to Harry
Brand, lot on N line of Knox avenue (or
Twenty-seventh street). 173.13 E of Orov»
street, E 40.68, N 101. 3S. W 40.10. S 87.8H.
•"tlon of lots 30 and 51, Knox Park. Oakland;
|10.
Julia Roach (widow) to Joseph J. Mora, lot
on E line of Hannah street. 116:SS N of Its
Intrruectton with NW lin#« of Pernlta, N 3\
E 133. S 16:3U. SW 12:9. W 123:7*i to ban
ning, beincr portion of lot 1. block N. land* »>f
Peralta Homactead Association. Oakland: *S5(>.
Harry and Alice D. Brand to Alida A. Rem
ington lot on N line of Ruby street. 45 FJ
from \V boundary of lot 1. E 40 by JJ 10ft.
belnic lot 3. E 5 feet of lot 2 and W 10 feet
of lot 4. American Investment Union Tract
No 1. Oakland: $10.
Emll R. Kins (by D. W. Lortnsr and C. T.
Rilllet trustees) to Continental Butldln? undl
Loan Association, 790 D. 212. lot at Intersection
of E line of Crescent street with l!n» dividing
lots 11 and 12. SE 232:7. NE M.3«3. NW 234.
S 53.30. being SW portion of lot It. block T.
revised map Oakland Heights. Oakland, trus
tees' deed; $3070.
' Bertha, Frederick and Henry Roehnert f*tl
single) and Hugo Roehnert (married) to Bertha
Roehnert (widow), lots 8 to 1O block T. Bay
View Homestead. Oakland: $10.
J F and Mildred J. S. Bakeman (Scott>
to Tillle C. Usson. lot 44. block A. man
Teachers' Tract. Berkeley; $5.
William M. Butters Jr (sin*!*) to F. t>.
Cornell, lots S3 and 34. William M. Butters
Tract map No. 2. Emeryville. Oakland Tow*.
ship; '$10.
Sarah A. Austin (s;nKle» to I'aolo l*ava*etto»
lot on N lino of Third street. IS&ltt « '" r
CypT***, W 'ZTi by N 123 lot IT, block \~>'i, map
double block 47'.\ Oaklan.l: |1».
S*me to Franz Klier. lot on N" line of Ttllni
street. l«;»»r 1 •-, W of Cypress. W -5 by N li'.
lot "». blm-k 412. !«ame map. Oakland; $10.
Ol.l Proplf'n Home <ii>rpor»tion> to Frank
H. Ovrlcn. all lruer«-<t in lot on K line of Mag
nolia street, srl N of Fifth N 25 by V. V2*:->.
lot l.\ block 48*. map No. 2 BnKR* Trait.
¦Oakland; SMH).
V Kll«n Alice Prin«!e to Anni* L.. Elmrr S.
an,! Marion E. ItoWMBvr. lot on HE line of
Howe street. :;<> S\V of ll<»anl. SW .".<» by !-l3
12.".. lot 5..Uo. k r. map Thermal H'll (formerly
Howe Tract). Oaklonrl: grift.
Alamcda County
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Neighbors Assist in the
Struggle and the Young
Man Is Bound With Ropes
When arrested Sternheim was well
dressed. He has not the appearance of
a criminal. When searched at the Liv
ermore Jail several pawn tickets for
jewelry were found in his possession,
but he says these are for articles of his
own that he has been forced to pledge.
Sternheim was brought to the County
Jail in Oakland this evening.
He says he has apartments at 105 El
lis street, San Francisco, where he has
resided for some time and "where he has
a rare collection of Indian curios be
queathed to him by his father.
Julius Sternheim saya he is a son of
one of the Rajahs of India, but he was
arrested af Llvermore for burglary
committed at Ravenswood ranch, Chris
Buckley's summer home, and was held
to answer before the Superior Court to
day by Judge Taylor of Livermore.
It is alleged that Sternheim was seen
in the act of robbing the ranch, but
the defendant denies this and pleads
mistaken identity.
The suspect told a strange story on
the witness stand to-day. He says he
is not a negro, but an East Indian from
one of the interior provinces, of which
he declares his father was Rajah. He
says his father was banished from his
native land for inciting mutiny against
the British Government, and after.wan
dering about the world located in the
United States. Sternheim says this hap
pened when he was a small boy, and he
says he has lived in America ever since
that time.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. June 21.
Julius Sternheim Declares
Parent Was Banished for
Inciting a Bad Mutiny
TELLS STRANGE STORY
BATTLES WITH FATHER
COUNTY MINGS ACTION
NETS §6000 IN A YEAR
WEAK END EKTBEXCHED
Give Recognition, to the
Crandall-Silva Wing of
Union Labor Organization
3fan Arrested at Liver
more /for Burglary Says
He Is Son of Indian Iiajali
Fights for Chile in War
With Peru and Survives
to Fight Other Battles
ALL BELIEVE HIM DEAD
Frank Thainm Writes to
His Kinsfolk After Being
Mourned for Many Years
Board of Trustees Finds
That Town Official. Gets
a Large Annual Income
P. O'Leary Becomes Insane
After Demise of Parent
and Is Taken to Hospital
Supervisors Want Courts
to Decide Quarrel Over
,I)altoirs Printing Bill
FIND A LONG
LOST RELATIVE
MAY CUT DOWN
ENGINEER FEES
CLAIMS FATHER
WAS A PRINCE
MOTHER'S DEATH
AFFECTS MIND
OLD SCANDAL
TO BE PROBED
SUPERVISORS
DECIDE FIGHT
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THK SAN hRANCISCO CALL, -¦ WEDNESDA-i , JUNE; 11, J1KJ4.
•MRS. COOK APPOINTBD.— Judge Coffey
yesterday ' appointed Lizzto C. Cook admin
istratrix of the estate of John Jay Cook, with
bonds at *30,000.
WILL. HOLD INQUEST TO-DAY.— The
Coroner's Inquest to inquire Into the death of
J. Federlefa. the young man who was found
dead In bed Jun« 11 witrr-«as escaping In his
roorn. will be held this morning at 10 o'clock.
Ou Inspector Tupper will testify ¦¦ to the
conditions of the plumbing in the bouse where
the death occurred
WILL OF BERTHA COUN.— James
Schwartz -yesterday petitioned the Superior
Court to admit to probate the will of Bertha
Conn, who died June 4 leaving an estate at
Salinas valued at $7040.-
Mr*. I. X. Chapman Ttcappointed.
ALAMEDA, June 21.— Mrs. I.: N.
Chapman, president , of the Adelphlan
Club, has been reappointed a member
of the 1 " board of free library trustees.
Her present term expires with this
month.
6
ADVERTISEMENT S.
Skin Diseases
•I the most stubborn and chronic kind
¦re promptly relieved and eventually
cured by the nee of
Hydrozone
This powerful germicide b ab-
solutely harmless. It has cured
cases pronounced incurable and
will cure you. By killing the
germs that cause shin diseases, it
allows Nature to restore a healthy
skin. Used and endorsed by leaa-
ing physicians everywhere for the
last 12 years. Booklet on request.
field by leading drngjrists or trial
bottle sent prepaid en receipt of 25 cents.
61 O Prince St., New York.
( ADVERTISEMENTS.
is her nature to love
beautiful and
pure. The critical ordeal through which the expectant mother mtwt
pass, however, is so fraught with dread, pain, suffering and danger,
that the very thought of it fills her with apprehension and horror!
There is no necessity for the reproduction of life to fc»- either painful
or dangerous. The use of Mother's Friend so prepares the system for
the coming event that it is; safely passed without any danger. This
great and wonderful
of women through
the trying crisis without suffering, /jjf* 13 * g^-. & .-. 1^
8end for free book containing Information JyS7 jhr»*/!l /COS /5^3 /SNIl
•t priceless Talus to all e xpectan t mothers. Mg B B CTTa MM B JW
Tk» Bradfleld ftonulfttar C#, Atlanta. 6a. m m m **^M * m&
OAKLAND.
10 f? Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 11.
ALAMKDA.
1433 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda oo9.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE" CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
TEN BEATTTIFUTXY
ILLUMINATED
ART SUPPLEMEXTS
Beginning with the Issue of
July 3,
THE SUNDAY CALL
Will issue a series of the hand-,
sonicst .Art : Supplements ever
issued by a paper in the
United States.
.j . S. ;r-
Look at tills attractive ILst:
1. "A Grass Widow," by Bry-
son.
2. "Footlight Favorites," by
Bryson.
3." "Temptation," by Bryson.
4. "The Girl in Yellow." by
Bryson.
5. "Innocence," by Bryson.
6. "Constance," by RIchter.
7. "Rosamond," by lUchter.
8. "Mother/ and Child," by
Klchterl
©."Head Over Heels," by
Brown (H. A.).
10. "A Serious Case," by Rose-
land.
/ ¦ ' " •. j
Be sure to collect this series.
EVERY ONE A WINNER!
THEY ARE HU3IMERS."Of this number 3763 were granted to
citizens of foreign countries.
"The business of the office has in
creased about 30 per cent in the last
five years, while the employes have
only been Increased S per cent, a dis
proportionate increase.
vided for the patent office is inade
quate and it is very desirable that
some plan looking to an extension of
working room for the patent office
shall be adopted without delay, since
the present space will be insupportably
crowded at the present rate of increase
before any new building could be built
to contain this office. Our necessities
are growing, while there seems to be
as yet no plan for our relief in this
regard. , The matter is of the utmost
concern to all friends of the patent
system, and nothing but/tction in the
direction of larger accommodation will
save the work of this office from diffi
culties plainly apparent and not far
ahead in point of time. This subject is
of " such transcendent importance to
this bureau that I respectfully urge
your earnest attention to It.
cash receipts, $1,642,201 81.
"Expenditures, $1,448,645 81.
"Surplus. 5193.656.
"This surplus is the largest since
1897.
"Number of applications flled, 50,213.
"Number of patents Issued, 31,699.
In Mexico a group of lads from seven
to twelve will meet and each boy will
decorously lift his hat and salutations
of extreme courtesy will be exchanged,
and then comes the boyish clatter, tho
run and the laughter, the same as any
where. Boys here treat their elder*
with respect. An old man or woman is
not the butt of the youth of Mexico,
rather for the old people are reserved
the shadiest seats unaer the trees in
the park. A Mexican boy or girl on
entering a room walks around among
the company, shaking hands with all,
and on leaving the room does the same.
Urbanity is taught In the public
schools as arithmetic is at home. There
is no one Jostled on the street; the best
seat in the horse car la promptly given
up to ladies, who never fail gracefully
to acknowledge the favor. I have never
seen a Mexican gentleman fail to give
his seat to a woman, whether she was
richly or poorly dressed.-— Rural Home.
Politeness of Mexican Children.
No dividing line can b« drawn athwart the
course of this successful administration. The
fatal 14th of September, 1901, marked no
change of policy, no lower level of achievement.
The bullet of the assassin robbed us of the
friend we loved; It took away from the people
the President of their choice; It deprived civi
lization of a potent force making always for
righteousness and for humanity. But tho fabric
of free institutions .remained unshaken. The
government of the people, went on. The great
party that William McKinley led wrought
still in the spirit of his example. - His true
and loyal » successor has been equal to the
burden cast upon him. Widely different in
temperament and methods, he has approved
himself of , the tame elemental virtues— the
same fundamental beliefs. With faithful and
revering memory, he has executed the ¦ pur
poses and continued unbroken . the policy ot
President McKinley for the peace, prosperity
and honor of our beloved country. And he
has met all new occanlons with strength and
resolution and farslghted wisdom. .
As we gather: in this convention, our hearts
go back >. to . the friend — the never-to-be-for
gotten friend, whom when last we met we
acclaimed s with on* accord as our universal
choice to bear a second time the highest honor
in the nation's gift — and back still, memory
goes through many a year of leadership and
loyalty.
How wise and how skillful lie was! How
modest and self-effacing! How deep his insight
NO CHANGE OF POLICY.
McIUNXEY'S ADMINISTRATION.
The^nrst administration of McKinley fought
and won the war with Spain, put down the
insurrection in the Philippines, annexed Hawaii,
rescued the legations in Peking, brought Porto
Rico Into our commercial system, enacted a
protective tariff and established our national
currency on the firm foundations of the gold
standard by the financial legislation of the
Fifty-sixth Congress.
The present administration has reduced taxa
tion, reduced the public debt, reduced the
annual interest charge, made effective progress
In the regulation of trusts, fostered business,
promoted agriculture, built up the navy, re
organized the army, resurrected the militia
system, inaugurated a new policy for the
preservation and reclamation of public lands,
given cIvM government to the Philippines,
established, the republic of Cuba, bound it to
us by ties of gratitude, of commercial interest
and of common defense, swung open the closed
gateway of the isthmus, strengthened the
Monroe doctrine, ended the Alaskan boundary
dispute, protected the integrity of China,
opened wider its doors of trade, advanced the
principle of „ arbitration and promoted peacs
among the nations.
We challenge Judgment upon this record of
effective performance In legislation, in exe
cution and In administration.
The work is not fully done; policies are non
completely wrought out; domestic questions
still press continually for solution; other trusts
must be regulated; the tariff may presently
receive revision, and If so, should receive It
at the hands of the friends and not the
enemies of the- protective system : the new
Philippine Government has only begun to de
velop Its plans for the benefit of that long
neglected country; our flag floats on the
isthmus, but the canal is yet to b« bnllt;
peace does not yet reign on earth, and con
siderate firmness backed by strength are etlll
needful in diplomacy.
The American people have now to say
whether policies shall be reversed or committed
to unfriendly guardians; whether performance,
which now proves Itself for the benefit and
honor of our country, shall be transferred to
unknown and perchance to feeble hands.
assumed its share of the burden of their arma
ment, their supply and their training. The
workings of this system have already demon
strated, not only that we can have citizens
outside of the regular army trained for duty
la,, war, but that we can have a body of
volunteer officers ready for service, between
whom and the officers of the regular army
have been created by intimate association and
mutual helpfulness those relations of con
fidence and esteem without which no army can
be effective.
and specious pretenses, for our President haa
told the people with frankness what he believed
and what he intended. He has meant every
word he oaid, and the people have believed
every word he said, and with him this con
vention agTees because every word has been
sound Republican doctrine. No people can
maintain free government who do not in their
hearts value the qualities which have mala
the present President of the United States con-*
spicuoua among the men of his time as a type
of noble manhood. Come what may here —
come what may in November — God grant that
those qualities of brave true manhood shall
have honor throughout America, shall be held
for an example in every borne, and that the
youth of generations to come may grow up
to feel that it is better than wealth, or office,
or power, to have the honesty the purity an4
the courage of Theodore Roosevelt.
But we turn as they would have us turn,
to the duties of the hour, the hopes of the
future: we turn as they would have us turn,
to prepare ourselves for struggle under the
same standard borne in other hands by right
of true Inheritance. Honor, truth, courage,
purity of life, domestic virtue, love of country,
loyalty to high Ideals — all these combined with
active intelligence, with learning, with experi
ence in affairs, with the conclusive proof of
competency afforded by wise and conservative
administration, by great things already done
and great results already achieved — all these
we bring to the people with another candidate.
Shall not these have honor In our land?
Truth, sincerity, courage! These underlie the
fabric of our institutions. Upon hypocrisy and
sham, upon cunning and false pretense, upon
weakness and cowardice, upon the arts of the
demagogue and the devices of the mere politi
cian, no government can stand. No svstern of
popular government can endure in which the
people do not believe and trust. Our Presi
dent has taken the whole people into his con
fidence. Incapable of deception, he has put
aside concealment. Frankly and Without re
serve, hs has told them what their government
was doing and the reasons. It Is no campaign
of appearances upon which we enter, for the
people know the good and the bad. the success
and failure, to be credited and charged to our
account. It Is no campaign of sounding words
THE DUTIES OF THE HOUR.
Yet we may rejoice, that while ha lived he
was crowned with honor; that the rancor of
party strife had ceased: that success in his
great tasks, the restoration of peace, the ap
proval of his countrymen, the affection of his
friends, gave the last quiet months In his home
at Canton repose and contentment.
And with McKlnley -we remember, Hanna
with affection and sorrow — his great lieutenant.
They are together again.
Into the human heart! How swift th« Intui
tions cf his sympathy! How compelllnK the
charm of his gracious presence! He was eo
unselfish, so thoughtful of the happiness cf
others, so genuine a lover of his country and
his kind. And he was the kindest and tender
est friend who ever grasped another's hand.
Alas, that his virtues did plead in vain against
cruel fate!
ft*
$
CHICAGO. June 21.— There was quite
a flutter in the commitj/te on rules and
order ot business, which met after the
convention adjourned, when objection
was made by some of the Middle West
and l'astern States to the proposed in
cre?.te of representation of Alaska in
the next national convention.
The committee selected Henry H.
Bin£ham of Pennsylvania for chair-
Man. J. F. Manning of Vermont secre
tary and Reno S. Harp of Maryland
and J. M. Stevens of Idaho assistant
secretaries. The rules of the last con
vention, as amended bv the national
committee, had been read, when C.
Fred Nixon of New York objected to
the amendment of the first rule, which
gives as future representation for
Alaska six vot«^ Instead of four, as at
present. He was supported in his ob
jection by the delegates from Dela
ware, Connecticut. Pennsylvania and
Tlhode Island. Nixon urged that the
continued increase in votes given to
Territories was simply throwing into
their hands the control of the conven
tion in the event of a close contest.
The Alaska member of the commit
tee, W. D. Grant, speaking for the
mnendment. said that his Territory,
with Its great growth and shorn of
much honor, asked for extra represen
tation to be on a footing of equality
with the other Territories.
Nixon protested that his objections
were not raided particularly against
Alaska, but to the whole system, which,
if adopted, would erive about forty-two
votes in the convention to the Terri
tories — enough to control on any close
proposition.
The vote an the motion to allow
Alaska increased representation was 21
nyes to It noes, the Southern and West
ern States voting solidly for It.
The committee then adopted the rules
of the last convention and the fifty
fourth Congress as the rules of the con
vention, with these amendments:
Rule 1 to read: The convention shall consist
of a number ot delegates from each State
• qual to double the number ot Senators and
tUfji >tPt*V»*< in Ccnereae: six delegates each
from the Territories of Arizona. Indian Terrt-
MILES TO BE IX THE RACE.
Prohibitionists Will Choose Warrior
as Their Leader.
CHICAGO. June 21. — "There has
been a wonderful change in sentiment
in our party ranks in the last ten
days concerning the Presidential
nomination," said Alonzo E. Wilson,
chairman of the Illinois Prohibition
executive committee, to-day. "Most
all of our prominent men have de
clared for General Nelson A. Miles,
«nd I predict his nomination, prob
ably on the nr.st ballot, at Indianapolis
next week. Sam P. Jones of Georgia
or George W. Carroll of Beaumont,
Texas, will be given the second place."
Delegates Unlnstructcd.
FARGO. N. D., June 21. — The State
Democratic convention to-day voted
down a resolution to indorse the Kan
pas City platform and elected unin-
delegates to the St. Louis
convention.
A Grateful Editor.
"Saturday night, while we were
pondering over the elim prospects of
something for dinner Sunday," says
the ingenuous editor of the Liberty
t Mo.) Advance, "and had no hopes for
anything but pawpaw bark and cis
tern water, 'Jim' Reed and Canby Wil
mott drove up and presented us with
a neat package, tied with silk ribbon,
with address attached. On opening
It afterward, lo and behold, it was a
home grown hog jowl of 'Jim's' own
vintage, sweet as a nut and a strong
rival of old country ham. To say that
we were thankful but mildly expresses
it- Family prayers were held over the
present and directed mainly in 'Jim's*
behalf. May the gaunt wolf of hun
ger never howl around his domicile."
— New York Tribune.
What Causes Fires.
The annual losses by Ore in the
United States, which have averaged as
high as $100,000,000 a year at certain
periods, were attributed during a single
year to the following causes, the num
ber of fires from each cause being
riven: Incendiarism, 1927; defective
flues, 1309; sparks (not from locomo
tives), 715; matches, 636; explosions (of
lamps, etc.), 420; stoves, 429; lightning.
S63; spontaneous combustion, 326;
prairie and forest fires, 280; lamp and
lantern accidents (other than explo
sions), 228; locomotive sparks, 211; cigar
stubs and pipes, 203; friction, 179; gaa
Jets, 176; engines and boilers. 150; fur
naces,. 135, and from firecrackers, 105
Harper's Weekly.
After children come, a mother doesn't
gro to bed to sleep, but to be near them
when they cry In the night.
CHICAGO. June 21. — The commit
tee on resolutions is made up as fol
lows:
Alabama— Andrew N. Johnson.
Arkansas — Charles F. Duke.
California — Frank H. Short, j
Colorado — C. (.'.. Dawson.
Connecticut — Edwin W. Higgins.
Delaware — Caleb R Layton.
Florida— W. II. Northrup.
Georgia— W. H. Johnson.
Idaho— Weldon B. Heyburn.
Illinois*— Albert J. Hopkins.
Indiana— Albert J. Beverldge.
Iowa— J. W. Blythe.
Kansas — Fre.1 D. Smith.
Kentucky — George W. Long. .
Louisiana— J. Madison Vance.
Maine — E. P. Spofford.
Maryland— Fillet L.. Goldsboroueli-
Massachusetts — H. Cabot Lodge.
Michigan — Ralph Loveland.
Minnesota — Knute Nelson.
Mississippi — W. E. Mollison.
Missouri — Boyd Dudley. 9
Montana — Thomas H. Carter.
Nebraska— Frank D. Williams.
Nevada — E. F. Farrlngton.
New Hampshire — J. N. Galllnger.
New Jersey — John F. Dryden.
New York — Edward Lauterbach.
North Carolina — V. 5. Lusk.
North Dakota — II. C. Hanebrough.
Ohio— J. B. Foraker.
Oregon — J. U. Campbell.
Pennsylvania — John Dalzcli.
Rhode Isiand— William L. Hodgman.
South Carolina — J. E. Dlckerson.
South Dakota— N. L. Finch.
Tennessee — Dana Harmon.
Texas — A. J. Rosenthal.
Utah— George C. Sutherland.
Vermont— William P. Dilllngham.
Virginia — D. L. Groner.
Washington — J. P. McMillan.
West Virginia — George W. Atkinson.
"Wisconsin— John C. Spooner.
Wyoming— C. D. Clark.
Alaska— J. W. Ivey.
Arizona— II. B. Tenney.
District of Columbia— Robert Reyburn.
Indian Territory— W. H. Darrough.
New Mexico— H. O. Burson.
Oklahoma— B. A. Lowry.
Philippines — • „
Porto Rico — Robert H. Todd.
Hawaii— J. K. Kalananoale.
Delegates Who Hare Charge of the
Bulldlns of a Platform.
COMMITTEE ON* RESOLUTIONS.
Oklahoma— C. M. Cad*.
Philippines — ¦ .
Porto Rico— Robert H. Todd.
Hawaii— Alexander O. M. Robertson.
CHICAGO. June 21. — The following
is the new representation on the na
tional committee, quite a number of
changes having: been made:
Alabama— Charles U. Scott.
Arkansas — Powell Clayton.
California — George A. Knight.
Colorado — A. Ptevenaon.
Connecticut — Charles Y. Brockfr.
Delaware — J. IMward Addicks.
Florida— J. N. Coombs.
Georgia — Judson W. Lyons.
Idaho — Weldon B. Heyburn.
Illinois — Frank O. Lowdcn.
Indiana — Harry S. New.
Iowa — KrnoEt E. Hart.
Kansas — David W. Mulvane.
Kentucky — John W. Verkes.
Louisiana — Walter I* Cohn.
Maine— John F. Hill.
Maryland — Louis E. McComas.
Massachusetts — W. Murray Crane.
Michigan — John W. Blodgett.
Min-.ieeota — Frank B. Kellogrg.
Misetssippi — U. B. Mozley.
Missouri — Thomas J. Aklns.
Montana — John B. Walte.
Nebraska— Charles H. MorrllL
Nevada — P. T. Flanlean.
New Hampshire — Frank T. Streeter.
New Jersey — Franklin Murphy.
New York — William U. Ward.
North Carolina— E. C. Duncan.
North Dakota — Alexander McKenzle.
Ohio — Myron T. Herrick.
Oregon — Charles IL Carey.
Pennsjrlvania — Boles Penrose.
Rhode Island — .
South Carolina — John G. Caper?.
South Dakota — J. M. Greene.
Tennessee — W. P. Brownlow.
Texas — Cecil A. Lyons.
I.'tah— C. E. Loose.
Vermont — .
Virginia. George E. Bowden.
Washington — Levl Ankeny.
West Virginia— N. B. Scott.
Wisconsin — Henry C. Payne.
. Wyoming — George K. Sexton.
Alaska— John S. Held.
Arizona — W. S. Sturgls.
District of Columbia — Robert Rerburn.
Indian Territory — P. L. Soper.
New Mexico — Solomon Luna.
3Ien Who Will Manage the Campaign
in the Various States.
XATIOXAIi COMMllTEEMEX.
tcry, Kew Mexico. Alaska and Oklahoma: six
from Porto Rico, with two votes; six from
the Philippines, with two votes; elx from Ha
waii and two from the District of Columbia.
R'Jl* 8, relative to votnp. and rujes 10 and
12 are amended to fit the above changes.
South and West Vote Down East's Protest Against
Granting Alaska Six Delegates and Amendments
Embodying This Change Are Adopted.
RULES COMMITTEE OF REPUBLICAN
CONVENTION FAVORS INCREASED
REPRESENTATION OF TERRITORIES
A statement of the business of the
Patent Office for the year ended De
cember SI, 1903, of more than unusual
interest was transmitted to Congress
recently by the Commissioner of Pat
ents through the Secretary of the In
terior. The law requires the Commis
sioner of Patents to present a. report
of the business of his office for each
calendar year. The present Commis
sioner, Frederick I. Allen, has departed
from the usual custom in each of his
reports so far, and the document sent
out by him to-day has a number of in
teresting features. He states. In part:
"The business transacted by the Pat
ent Office during the calendar year 1903
has again exceeded all previous rec
ords, as appears in the foregoing ta
bles. The preceding statement show
ing the number of patents and certifi
cates of registration Issued from year
to year shows that uniform growth
which Indicates that the business of
this office is an accurate Index x>f gen
eral conditions of prosperity in the in
dustrial arts of this country, and the
comparison hereinbefore made between
the chief financial and work elements
of this office for the years 1899 and 1903
permits the rate of this increase to be
accurately stated. From this statement
It appears that in four years the aver
age Increase of business, as shown by
the receipts, expenditures, applications
filed, issues and copies of patents and
records furnished, is 23j?er cent, and
this work has been accomplished with
an increase of 8.8 per cent in the num
ber of employes. The work has been
Present Space Is Utterly
Inadequate — More Eoom
and Larger Force Needed
3fOST SURPLUS SINCE 1897
Commissioner Shows Great
Increase' in Work Done
and Receipts of Money
PATENT OFFICE
ANNUAL REPORT
"It was to me a matter of great in
terest last summer to be shown at Ber
lin the plans of the German govern
ment for an extension of their patent
office, which has been the first in Eu
rope • to follow the procedure of this
country In the matter of granting
patents by the establishment of a sys
tem of preliminary 'examinations.
Lands have been purchased by the
German government and plans for
buildings are now in hand which are to
provide accommodations for two thou
sand employes, and It was stated to
me that such accommodation It was
thought would suffice for their neces
sities until the year 1920. It is interest
ing to notice that the annual issue of
patents by the German government is
about six thousand, and that our is
sue for the year 1903 was 31,690. It is to
be hoped that Americans will not be
obliged to look to Germany at any time
in the next decade to see the best em
bodiment in practice of the system of
issuance of patents upon preliminary
examinations. If they have concluded
that this system, originated by us, lies
so close to the national welfare that
they have decided to make great ex
penditures to possess themselves of its
benefits,' funds should not be wanting
in this country to keep our system up
to its present position of pre-eminence.
The stimulus given to the industrial
arts by the hope of reward which the
patent system presents to the inventor
is conceded by the thinking men of
most civilized countries to-day, and the
rapid progress of Japan has been ac
companied by the adoption of a patent
system In which they. were largely.in
fluenced by impressions derived from
an examination of the patent system of
the United States.
"At the present time the space pro-
Germany Follows Our Example.
"There is no reason to expect that
the increase shown in the foregoing
tables may not be found in the ensu
ing year, and it is evident that the
force of employes will not be able to
meet the requirements of an indefinite
further increase of the work unless
their number shall be correspondingly
increased. Already there are delays in
the transaction of our work and haste
in the execution of other portions of
the work, which point to the impera
1 tive necessity for more employes.
"The increase in work has made it
necessary to organize a new division,
known as the manuscript and photo
lithograph division, and there should
be added to the present force a new
chief of division and assistant chief
for the purposes of this new division.
I have also asked for ten additional
clerks of class one at $1200 per annum,
to meet our most urgent necessities.
"The increase of the appropriation
for the scientific library of this office
from $2000 to $2500, made by the ap
propriation bill of last year, was a
step in the right direction, and if this
sum can be further increased so as to
furnish $4000 per annum for the pur
poses of this library and for the trans
portation of publications of patents to
foreign governments I think the lib
rary can be maintained in a condition,
of efficiency.
"One cannot look at the progress of
the Patent Office since its present sys
tem of work was Inaugurated by the
act of July 4, 1836, without selng that
it has followed closely the develop
ment of the Industrial arts in this
country during all of this period, and
it should require no extended argu
ment beyond these figures to show that
the system which has/ accomplished
these results without expense to the
Government, but which has, on the
contrary, furnished a net balance of
$5,682,540 61, should be furnished with
all necessary facilities In the way of
room and employes bo as to permit its
future progress in the same measure
as the expected growth of the arts in
this country.
transacted as well as could be expected
in view of the force employed and the
volume of the work, and has been with
out particular incident.
Increase Will Continue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 22, 1904.
Continued From Page 5, Column 7.
ROOT' SOUNDS KEYNOTE,
Some time. back we asked the own
er of . our ground if we might play
lawn tennis on Sunday. He said, "No,
because people in the neighborhood
would object" Yet he plays golf near
ly every Sunday, and most of the
"people in the neighborhood" amuse
themselves, too. They are simply
afraid of one another. They don't
really mind placing games on Sun
day, but they won't admit It openly.
English people are such humbugs that
they even humbug themselves.-r-Golf
lng.;:. *¦;.-'
Sunday Sports and Morality.
"The total balance to the credit of
the patent office In the treasury of the
United States on January 1, 1904, is
$5,682,540 €L"— Washington Star.
7
ADVEETISEJCEUTS.
3 S PECIAL •
To-day we offer the following as-
sortment of Carpets — sewed, lined
and laid:
Wool Velvets, formerly $1.35, now ...... $1.15
Bigelow Brussel, formerly $1.65, now.. $1.25
Bigelow Axminster, formerly $2.00, now $1.45
Savonneries, formerly $2.00, now $1.45
W&J.SLOANE&CO.
-FURNITURE • CARPETS - RUGS - DRAPERIES-
114-122 POST STREET
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on August
30, 1904, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fall ¦ to place their order im-
mcdlatel/. "
This "splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of 50
cents per copy. Out of town
orders 25 cents additional to
cover prepayment of transporta-
tion charges.
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE AUGUST
30, 1904.
IU:BI> . I THE EMPOBITJM. j THE EMPORIUM. | - THE EMPORIUM
J»«*l«t ******». WMWWtlWWWmwt *KKIWft»l KK***M***.*K*.K*r»**>. ******* ********* ******************* ***********
$ ; ¦ — : ; : — ¦ .
H Reliable advertising is honest advertising. If we advertise an article we have it. When we quote a value, we quote an
J honest value. • The Emporium deals.only in honest advertising and protects its patrons with this money-back guarantee.
* We believe that the only permanently successful advertising is the honest kind, and so the Emporium deals only in honest
J. advertising and protects its patrons with this money-back guarantee.
x . «
JJ We will refund money or anything purchased of us (with the exception of a few articles forsanitary jeasons) if the goods are
j. returned to us within a reasonable time in the same condition they were in when we sold them.
| Special Sale Embroidered Wash Fabrics
J We have lecured another Urge lot of those dainty, iheer wa»h. fabrics known as "Lcno." It is Special Sale Of Sheetings— Tiro differ.
U a fancy embroidered stripe, very thin material, suitable for these hot days, and this assortment cnt widths; one, 45 inches wide, is a heavy bleach-
includes all the latest colorings. The cheapest we have known it to be sold regu- ff% jn cd » hce « n g, without dressing, ma'de for hard wear,
Jf larly is 17c the yard; Emporium sale price for to-day B%Jr*jr the width for single-bcd sheets, pillow-cases, and can
i Japanese Wash Crepes— In a large variety of popular color. Panne 'Silk Mixtures— An entire- be P ut to na °>«°™ other pnrposes; regu- *<§-*
g ings and stripes (also p'ain colors), suitable for house \y new weave in fine novelty ]arlv 'S c y ud i to-day only S M tr
$ i^S^nS^S ° Uting drtMM ' " C - J * F ° PUlar Cl ° th 2OC t" h mat f U1; ha \* VC - ry Mother Sheettefl » 8 1 inches wide, a popular make.
ff Poplinette-Something nVw in wash fabric,! and very pretty. k *°™ V/^h^ ¥' HpS^
too; also a beautiful iine of Novelty Damask Waistmss and «J,^ £2X cZ^nt """* " d t *"•"!• f" M *™S h < »> *< «*»!« "*Y
.& knck«bock e r effccM, in the leading .ummer coloring,, £- ««» metal; many different *_ would cost you 28c the yard; on special A -
I A width 27 inches; price . ............... dS&G fancy weave.; per yard . . T5G sale to-day only .••,•.— • r
•f Lawn Ties, 17g Sale of Skirts, Handkerchiefs The Most Popular
,5 These Are 25c and 35c ¦ Shirt Waist Dresses, & for Men Copyright Books
J, styles for To-day Only Wafsts This Week a f Half Price SOc Each
jj Women's, hemstitched all around Linen Wash Dresses Deduced— Only • Very oseful Handkerchief values are „ . . _
. £ , white lawn- ties with embroidered a few now remain of one of our these for Wednesday ( er 2 > 000 > 000 copies of these
\n and drawn work ends are offered season's best styles, that have never Men ., F!ne i plsh t, * Han dk. r hhiel$ bwi k^f ta 'oe been sold at $1.50 each.
I ftT .- J-.. ~- r.tri t_ l utt- > ncn5 rmc iron Linen nana&eriiaiCU We ha»e teemed .ereral hundred of each
j *. to-day, some of them for less than been sold less than $10.75, made „, HaJ1 Price— These are the large, title in .pedal cloth-bound editions, which
\% half price. These neat summer of pure white linen, with dainty full size, whh four different widths we have placed on sa!e, each . . . SOc
.# ties are 53 inches long and 4^ dashes of green; on special sale to- o f hems, from \& to I inch, and The Right of Way, bv Parker.
J wide and a decided bargain a: day and while quantity last. . . . re rcguIar 5OC va ? ue , ; to-day only. SSifbT^u^^"'
J the sale price, each .... /7q • • * ' $8.50 "ch £5C Eternal City, by H.11 Calne".
»: . The Foulard Shirt Waist Dresses That Men's Union Linen Hemstitched Handkc r- Pe tsr O'Neal, by Lewis.
$ Sale Knives, Were S12.50 and $14^0— Made of chiefs— 15c valuer .pedal to-day only, each By. mail 10c extra.
jf Forks and Spoons choice fi ? urcd ioQl « d . in both d «* ' ' * 7o nun*~**~9** w~~u
it Housekeeoers cannot fail tn hp and medium shades, are reduced to . . o , *V SO . .. r ... %*niioren S wr3Sn
m nuuiChci.yci»Ldiinoi iail TO De , ' . Large tize Bandanas, just the thing for pillow. nmm*+-*-m*m-m ern^
£ pleased with to-day's offering of icll this week, while quantity lasts. tnd kimonas, in blue and red effect.; a .core K_ OreSSCS, S3C
ft tableware. If yOU need knives, CaC^ • • %B1Om3O of very pre:ty patterns to Klect from We have an immense line of children*! wtih
a- forks and spoons for everyday Any Pontfee Suit in our stock, regularly 1O ° each or 3 for 25c «Jre«e» in percale, gingham, chambr.y.
»,* t - « • 1 t »i ¦""¦"¦""¦¦"¦^"^¦^^^"¦¦"^"¦¦¦¦¦~ cheviot and fjney cottcn material, made im
£ USe, Or for your COUntry home *». 5 ° to $25, on •¦»« "OW-ad Summer TOllet m the prettiest stjte, French efr=cn,Iong
fc during the Summer, time, read while quantity lasts .$1^.30 ••••m. * «"•«?« and short waisted effect*. M Uor suits, Buster
K this : . DatntV New Wash Waists SI 65 — ArtlClCS HCUUCCd Browns, etc. There arc also pretty little
JWallace Bros.' celebrated make, oily ao dozen in the Tiot- pretty 15c bone handle Tooth Brushes, pure Ru»«an blouse effects, in 2 5 , + an d s
J triple - plated teaspoons, fancy madra, and lawn' waist." white brutle stock;' to-day . . 7o S^fflSTS*^ 53C
X handles, set ot 6, to-day only . . j n bi ue> ox blood, tan, gray and 2 5 C imported Hand Brushes, to-day Dainty littls chambray Mother Hubbarxi
S m 48C cream colors, striped with black. • • • I4c *£»" for c duUna, 1 and * years, at
g Wallace Bros.' tablespoons and forks; These wt j il8 w adjustab i e , tocks 40c and 50c Hair Brushes, small size SSc- Sa «^r .tyta for b,g **, from
Jf regularly 51.20 the set; special , nd fulI 8 , ccves a J arc a d but extra good bristle,; to. day only " ?
j to-day only, set of 6. . . 96c $2 . 50 value; Emporium price. . . . 21o ————————
k . The Columbia triple - plated table ; -; # g s 25c ,ize Dr. Lyon's Tooth Powder Groceries— Liquors
I ttda C y sTof 6 7 "'"WSS "™ tadja SI1K WaWs *™- A ••* VV-f •, V * '£° ' The Wednesday and
J to q»7> set ot o . . . . fl.Ui, charming creation o t white India » 5« size Violet Toilet Ammonia. /Oo Thursday's Special Values
$ m s+s* tm.- » lk " d insertion; has high stock 75c size Queen Louise Face Cream . Lucca Oil-Crosse & Blaekwcll's, ,u.,bct-
V - f *^ Things co n ar o f 8 ilk and insertion and is 50c /'•••• ¦ • • • • • • - - 61o
1 Needed NOW neatly tucked; has very full sleeve,, *S* tube VVoodbury's Facial Cream . c ; Iehr " ed *™fo
5 Sale Pearl Buttons -Fine Salt Water Pearl, a good $3.50 value; Emporium *.*••*• * 200 Carmel,' Fig Prune, Old Gri*t MM and Cafe
* pirfect in every particular, 16, 18, ao and price, only ... . $9 "7 K 2 S C m C Eastman S Bath Powder 15c blend health coffees, for the two rav»
J< . --'- «"". to-^y «rd of two do«n . Wo The Tlffela S ilk Shirt Waist Dresses That $* 8izc Coke '» Dandruff Cure..£0 C package. . 19o
% Sale Dress Shields-Waterproof .tockmet Were $22.50. $23.50 and $25.00-Made 75c size. 47 1 1 Toilet Water; violet, Ghirardelli Ground Chocolate-i-lb-tin.. .
J and odorless, small sue, pair . . . . So of choice qualities of .ilk, in novelty, figured Tune rose lilac • /ff/»« 2^C
** r u 1 K ",?» V!I ' J ' * 7C c a« d 8tri P ed effect . fu » « kirt ™* Wl shirt „ P J ' J? V v* * * 'J*"° Beans-Small white or pea, best ,ualitv. ,5
g Crush Leather Belts-Good w.de ones of wai|t fr P ont and th; , week fc& ™* tlZe Murrt ? & Lanraan Florlda P™"* • • • • SOo
h fine leather, color, red, brown, tan, white qu , nt ity last., each .... ,_' Water 4ff O P. & W. Boned Chicken and Turkey. 2So
* and black each SOo \ . / $17 .50 z 5c size Dr. Lambert's Antiseptic Skin Kentucky River Whisky-Hand-m«de sour
2 Sale Hose Supporters— Frilled elastic, pin .._, .. , . J c , r J^l mash, rallon St9 fin
I top, patent button fasteners, black and AfttratlOnS OH above extra. Soap, 3 cakes . . . ... 40 O Extra Clltt-5 vears old, gallon. &Oc
" color., pair t8o J | Above ia s-gallon'lots $2.25
J. India Tapes— Assorted width, in each bunlle, rj' j t , I|Q Tt^nVe Tipo Chianti The Italan-Swiss Colony*.
K » dose at 3O r " C jf/} ~ JlS f J* irHMS pride, either white or red, pints, bottle ..
j : : : : : IS works p Dd >™ '*'* S^iS^
£¦ Climax Pin Contains plain pins and £ £ &*^~S M M+7*S V t^ / &WMMjL =m , uSLgS Club7 bottle . 89o
|£ assorted sizes safety pins, each . . . 8O Zfl CALIFORNIA'S URcrsT. M M^ — ' fA Cognac— Imported, bottle . 65c
*• Belt Buckles -Large as.ortmsnt of beautiful >, ..^~gg S gBgKgB&^^*^^ iU Orange Cider— A choice summer drink, i
J. designs, to close . . . 2SO to $tmOO FlOOr "—^ AMERICAS GRANDEST STORS FfOOf bottles. .......... . 25c
"Carmen," a Prettu Black and White, Free With Next Sunday's Call
The Ironing of Shirt
Waists Made Easy 1115w/
This is a new and substantial Ironing Boardg
tf for quickly and perfectly ironing sleeves, |!
I shirt waists, baby clothes and other small articles. <
II The full length of sleeve may. be ironed without j]
It may be quickly fastened to the table and swung up on} «f the way. I]
if desired, for quick use of table for other purposes. r]
Prif*£> Ifli* !i
• •••I I luv vIUOmi* ll
The "Ober" Sleeve Iron, like illustration, ftflf* f
1 Natbn-Bohrmarf I
I V 122-132 SUTTER 5T. v - |Perils of the Grand Banks.
The Basque and Breton fishermen
ore being ferried across the ocean to
begin their annual trawling campaign
against the codfish on the Grand
Car.ks and to endure six months of
misery and \rretchedness. .- France's
little colony of SL Plerre-Miquelon, to
the eouth of this island, is the seat of
farr Grand Banks fishery industry,
which occupies 400 vessels and 10,000
THE ministers composing the Presbyterian Union in
this city have discussed the business man and
reached very uncomplimentary conclusions about
him. He does not go to church because business and
religion are incompatible. He finds it necessary to do
things that he ought to leave undone and to leave un
done those things that he ought to do. When reminded
of his shortcomings in the sermon he feels uncomforta
ble and therefore he stays out of earshot and the ser
mons do not reach him. One minister said: "I would
like to think of him as honest, true and upright, not
trying to do up his fellow men."
This is a quite serious matter. The charges are made
in order to account for the lack of business men in the
Sunday congregations. But does it'account for it? It is
the money of business men that builds the churches and
pays the salaries of the preachers. The same money
works mercy in the construction and equipment of hos
pitals and orphan asylums and homes for old people.
Hundreds of millions of the money of business men go
into these mercies and charities. Let us believe that it
THE BUSINESS MAN.
The Board of Health has sounded a warning against
the flying dust raised by careless and thoughtless street
sweepers on the public thoroughfares, and a threat of ar
rest is made with sufficient emphasis to indicate that it
is sincere. The warning is timely and should be heeded.
Violations of the very necessary injunction should be
promptly and severely punished. The dust of a great
city contains germs of deadly and easily contracted dis
ease, and no precaution may reasonably be considered
unnecessary./^
vrife, Mrs. Alfred Lyttelton. who is
showing herself to be one of the most
gifted and capable women of London's
smart set. Mrs. Lyttelton has, too. the
distinction of being married to a clever
man. her husband having been appoint
ed to rucceed Chamberlain, not through
influence, but because he was regarded
es the man best fitted for the billet in
the ranks of the Conservative party.
A* her portrait shows, nature has en
dowed Mrs. Lyttelton liberally with
Eood looks as well as brains. Society is
awaiting with much interest the pro
duction in London next week of the
play «?h« has written, the leading role
of nhich will be filled by Mrs. Patrick
Campbell. It is entitled "Warp and
"Woof." and has fcr its theme the fail
ings of society in its relations with the
vorking classes. As regards society, at
least. Mrs. Lyttelton has no need to
seek second-hand Information, for ehe
ha* lone been ree&rded as one of it*
most brilliant members and as a con
versationalist is cne cf the few women
to whom the King delights to listen.
And she can .make epeeches as well as
the can talk. Her talents in that direc
tion, however. 6he did not discover un
til, after his Appointment to a Cabinet
position, her husband, as required by
English law. had to stand again for
election to Parliament. In the midst of
the election fight at Leamington, much
to the consternation of his friends, he
was taken ill. It was then Mrs. Lyt
telton pluckily Jumped Into the breach
and stumped the constituency. Her ad
dresses to workingznen proved especial
ly effective, and so excellent a substi
tute did ehe make for her husband that
it was conceded that he gained more
votes than he lost by his absence. Like
her husband. Mrs. Lyttelton is an ar
dent Imperialist, and as president of
the Ladles' Empire Club in fashionable
Grosvenor street has done much to
make that a center of feminine political
activity, which counts for much in Eng
land despite the fact that women have
no votes. Mr. Lyttellon is only 47 years
old, and it is predicted that he will go
far in politics. If the prophecy is veri
fied undoubtedly he will owe much of
his success to his brilliant and charm-
France .are kept there all the winter,
the crews being brought out for them
every spring and taken back at the
end of the season.
The fishermen are made auxiliaries
for the warships. At 16 they are li
able for service, putting in two years
as beach boys at St. Pierre, to handle
the fish in the drying processes, and
then three years with the trawling
fieet on the banks. From this they
are drafted to the navy, if physically
fit; if rejected they continue at the
fishery.
Every year, about the middle of
March, these marine, conscripts as
semble at St. Malo and after being
enrolled and inspected are herded like
so much livestock aboard the trans
ports, which convey them out to St.
Pierre to be dispersed among the fish
ing vessels in which they work for
the summer. ,
During this period their lot Is hard.
They observe no Sabbath and enjoy
no relaxation. From daylight till
dark and oftentimes for hours afte>
they toll without ceasing, subject to
the caprice or brutality of drunken
or heavy-handed skippers, and living
amid the most squalid surroundings.
They sleep in foul smelling, ill light
ed Quarters, without sanitation or
cleanliness, sheaves of straw their
beds end salt bars their coverlets.
Their fare is the coarsest, their rai
ment the scantiest, their recompense
the smallest. ' ..•/">¦
Human life is cheap on these French
bankers. The death roll of the fleet
runs Into hundred annually, and it Is
asserted by the American, Canadian
and Newfoundland bankers that the
French skippers, in many instances,
will not trouble to search for drift
away dorymen, manifesting absolute
indifference to their fate.
Certain it is that the most unsea
worthy craft is used In the fishery by
them, for when vessels are condemned
by other nationalities they can be sold
at St. Pierre and are outfitted for the
banks from that port. The conse
quence Is. that when the region is be
set by storms the losses to the French
through these crazy craft and their
rotten gear Is great.
Thus, when the hurricane which de
vastated Galveston in the autumn of
1900 swept up the Atlantic seaboard
and spent its last rage on the Grand
Banks the Gloucester fleet escaped
with the loss of one vessel — the Cora
S. McKay — and 23 men; the Nova
Scotian fleet with three vessels and
41 men, and the Newfoundland fleet
with two vessels and 22 men, while
the French fleet lost 24 vessels and 289
men— blotted out of existence in one
nirht. — New York Sun,
MRS. ALFRED LYTTELTON. WIFE OF THE BRITISH COLONIAL. SECRETARY.
WHO DEVOTES HER ENERGIES TO POLITICS. EVEN TO THE EXTENT
OF STUMPING FOR HEK HUSBAND.
Politics Her Fad
E^tcl*! Corr.-yponJenr*
HEADQUARTERS of THE CALI-
I HENRIETTA STREET. COVENT
CAIIDN*. LONDON, June 9.— Here is a
charming photograph which has ju5t
t«*en taken of the Colonial Secretary's
men and is regarded by her as the
mainstay of her navy. To this end
Ehe subdivides It with bounties equal
to 70 per cent of th? value of the
fish" Itself and by her conscription
forces into it the youths of the prov
inces fronting on her Atlantic sea
board.
On the Grand Banks also gatner j
every summer the fishing fleets of I
Massachusetts. Nova Scotia and New
foundland, but of all the thousands
Of trzwlmen who frequent these ocean j
ledjres the lot of the French Is unques
tionably the most miserable. The \
business at best is arduous and ven- j
turesome. but the crews of other na- j
tionalities have this in their f.avor that
they are free agents, the arbiters of
their own destinies, free either to Join
».hip or to stay ashore, whereas the
French are the slaves of the o«nscrip
tion and powerless to obtain even or- :
dinary comforts for themselves, not to •
speak of more substantial right?.
St. Pierre, the sole harbor of the
M'quelcn group. France maintains as
an outfitting base for the fishing fleet.
The ships, except a few owned in
NEW YORK has protested against Judge Parker.
The protest was made by a delegated meeting in
Cooper Union and Mr. Bryan did it. He was
ovated on his appearance and it must be said that from
his standpoint he made a strong presentation, but the
facts he made use of are of common knowledge. *
It is plain to every political observer that Judge Par
ker is the candidate of the disgruntled trusts which seek
to avenge themselves upon President Roosevelt for en
forcing the law. David B. Hill is playing the game
which The Call predicted. He winks one eye at the
Socialists and the other at the capitalists and expects
them to join ballots in electing him to be the actual
President with Parker as an automaton. Mr. Hearst
sees this game and is trying to play it himself. Recently
he has taken up the fight of speculative Wall street and
lias announced editorially the sad plight of the specula
tive brokers who complain that no pickings are left in
the street for them because of the subsidence of specula
tion. But for all that Mr. Bryan evidently inclines
toward Hearst as an alternative to Judge Parker.
Mr. Bryan gave the country one surprise in his
speech. He said that while he felt deeply he always
restrained himself in the expression of his feelings. All
the world wonders what he would do if he let himself
out if his past course has been the result of restraintl
The platform adopted by the meeting denounces the ex
pansion policy of the Republican party, though Mr.
Bryan is responsible for the ratification of the treaty of
Paris which is the foundation of the policy complained
of.
The amazing and confusing divisions of the party ap
pear in the indorsement by one wing- of Judge Gray of
Delaware, who helped make the Paris treaty as commis
sioner and voted for it as Senator, and the favor in
which Olney is held in New England, though his remark
able letter advising that the United States go forward as
a world power was the strongest expansion document
that has been printed. No doubt the national platform
will condemn expansion, though Mr. Hearst will be
second in the number of instructed delegates and his
1898 shriek of "Nail the- flag to the Philippines" is yet
among the noise made by the Spanish war. In all of
our political history there is not another case of such
hypocrisy or foljy as this attempt to impeach the Re
publican party for a policy that had its radix in a Demo
cratic demand.
Mr. Bryan got* down to cases when he charged Judge
Parker's backers with buying delegations and cited the
purchase of the Cincinnati convention in proof. This
direct charge of corruption is the most serious thing in
his speech. The country does not want a candidate for
whom State delegations have been bought. Mr. Bryan
holds a conspicuous position. He has been twice the
candidate of his party for the Presidency and has been
it? unquestioned leader since 1896. The candidate of a
great party for the Presidency is invested with a certain
dignity and responsibilty although he has been defeated.
The country will be loth to believe that Mr. Bryan is a
deliberate liar and prefers to think that he tells the truth
when he charges the managers of Judge Parker with
trying to secure his nomination by corruption and
bribery.
This charge, then, must stand until it is disproved. It
leaves, the leading candidate in a very bad position and
puts him outside the sympathy and support of citizens
who will not permit degradation in the scramble for the
first office of the republic. On the other hand are the
charges of the same kind of corruption against Mr.
Hearst, who is at this time the second choice of the
party if the number of instructed delegates measure the
party's preference. This charge is not made on as high
authority as .Mr. Bryan, but it is in the air in every State
in which Hearst's managers have made a showing. In
California as good authority as General Green advised
every delegate to the State convention who voted to in
struct for Hearst to get a price equal to the value of his
reputation. In Milwaukee a man has brought a personal
suit against Hearst for a sum of money promised him
for his influence, and. if it be tried soon there will be
added an interesting chapter to the history of Demo
cratic demoralization.
These incidents measure the fall of a great party. The
decline of the party began in 1806 and has been progres
sive until its two leading candidates for the Presidency
stand accused of trying to buy the nomination. Under
tuch circumstances the platform declarations of policy
and denunciations of the Republican party will have an
empty sound. The record raises an issue of morals that
is of more importance than contentions over finance and
tariff. The party stands self-accused of corrupting it
self. How" idle then is the claim that a party which
moves on a nomination with a hand full of bribes can
purify public administration 1
No American rejoices that this record is made, but
every self-respecting American will be moved to vindi
cate the purity and decency of politics by smiting into
deserved obscurity a party that accuses itself of these
sins against the body politic.
THE TROUBLED DEMOCRACY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
— ~ L ~
OHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor * * * * Address Commmications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office J • • Third and Market Streets, S. F.
WEDNESDAY ! t .JUNE 22, 1904
What is known as the gliding boat
U the recent invention of Comte de
The Gliding Boat.
Towns«?nd*s California Glace fruits ta
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market St.*
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by ths
Press Clipping Bureau < Allen's). 23& Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1*U, •/
Good specs, eyeglasses. 15c-30c 79 4th
St.. front of Kpy's Cc»l. Oystor House. •
The Board of Regents of the University of California
have decided that the next secretary of the institution
must receive a salary commensurate with the import
ance of his position. While it is absurd to believe that
any one may be bought to be honest, it is of the essence
of reason to conclude that a man is strengthened in the
path of duty by an environment which is worthy of his
efforts and won by_ them.
With nothing present of prospective worth fighting
for the Democrats of the State have raised a merry row
for the possession of their "organization," and antagon
isms, which years of conciliation will not soothe, have
been created. If our Democratic friends will quarrel like
this for nothing the imagination shrinks from the con
templation of what they would do if they had even a
remote chance for the loaves and fishes of political war
fare.
FILIPINOS— M. H.. Tlburon. Cal. Un
der the law as it now exists the natives
of the Philippines are not citizens of
the United States. The treaty of peace
with Spain, signed in Paris December
10. 1S3S. provides that the status of the
inhabitants of the Philippines shall be
left to enactment by the Congress of
the United States. Congress has pro
vided that "all inhabitants of the Phil
ippine Islands continuing to reside
therein who were Spanish subjects on
the 11th day of April, 1S99, and thea
resided in said islands, and their chil
dren born subsequent thereto, shall be
deemed and held to be citizens of the
Philippine Islands, and as such entitled
to the protection of the United States,
except such" as shall have elected to
preserve their allegiance to the crown
of Spain, in accordance with the pro
visions of the treaty of peace between
the United States and Spain."
The importance and dignity of the hen in the domestic
economy of Alameda County was'demonstrated with
fearsome illustration the other day when an Oakland
Judge sentenced a .chicken thief to twelve years' im
prisonment in Folsdm penitentiary. . The light-fingered
gentry operating among the homes of California's states
men and scholars better return to the hot stove as a
vehicle for ill-gotten gain and leave the hens to the
tranquillity of their roosts.
TREES — H. F.. Rohnerville.Cal.If A
and B own land adjoining and A
plants on his land very close to tha
division line a pine tree hedge, he is
permitted to let that grow as M~»» as
the tree will grow. If overhanging:
branches stretch over B's land and be
come a nuisance. B Is at liberty to cut
off such branches up to the line of his
property.
General Porter, the United States Embassador to
France, has been offered the Grand Cross of the Legion
of Honor, a courtesy without parallel in the history'of
the great French society. So distinguished an evidence
of the good will of France to us and to our representa
tive should be accepted in the generous spirit in which
it is made, and Congress can offer no violence to our tra
ditions or our principles in authorizing General Porter
to accept the grateful distinction.
ENLISTING— A. a &. City. la ths
matter of first enlistment in tha United
States army the act of 1S94 provides
that **ln time of peace- no person (ex
cept an Indian) who Is not a citizen ef
the United States or who has not mad*
a legal declaration cf his Intention to
become a citizen of the United State*.
or who cannot speak, read asd writs
the English language, or who Is over S3
years of age. shall be enlisted for tha
first enlistment in the army."
Time to Quit.
Patriotism is a noble emotion which
lends Itself easily to the ridiculous.
A Boston woman has carried the fad
for ancestry societies to its legitimate
conclusion by heading a movement to
consolidate the grandchildren of the
war veterans of 1861-5. Her society
should have at least the merit of vol
uminous enrollment. It has already
led to suggestions for aunts of the he
roes of San Juan Hill, brothers-in
law of conscripts of the sixties and
first cousins once removed of Filipino
exterminators. Anything which Is
snobbery masquerading as historic in
terest of patriotism deserves bur
lesque. Patriotism, according to Dr.
Johnson. Is the last refuge of a scoun
drel. Socially it is rather the last ref
uge of a fool. Perhaps we can get
beyond the wars and organize all the
relatives of Carnegie heroes. A heroic
race needs no hero fund. A race of
patriots needs no patriotic gossip par
ties. Historical societies should be
composed of historians. Snobbishness,
pedantry and their kindred vices con
sist in putting an over-emphasis on
some one possession or distinction,
and the smaller the trait celebrated
the pettier the vice. Pedantry, which
is. the vanity of knowledge, is there
fore a step or two above snobbishness,
which is the vanity of class. The sin
gular fertility shown by the gene
alogy societies in devices for making
themselves ridiculous is to be explain
ed by the absurdity of the motives
on which they are founded. Lavlnia
I, queen of the Holland Dames, and
her theatrical career were a natural
outcome of the pseudo-patriotic move
ment. In organizations rlimsily found
ed, flimsy people get to the top. The
Boston woman and her new burlesque
will be well employed if they hasten
the end of queens, daughters and
dames. Our librarians are kept busy
furnishing books to ladles who wish
to dig up remote ancestry for social
glamor. — Collier's Weekly.
'Answers to Queries.
FIVE HUNDRED— Sub^ Alazseda,
Cal. This department has cot thm
space to print the roles of 500. th« new
society game. Such can be •btalned
from stationers for a very «^«H ¦"»,
let me tell you that the brig had been
stove on a monster pinnacle of ice.
And I was the only one left alive of
the crew of ten men. forraxd and aft.
What does I do? I Just gets myself to
gether enough stuff for a cabin, and I
built a comfortable hut on the iceberg.
I found plenty of provisions and the
galley stove was in good order. For
four months through the winter I lived
in solitude on the berg. Warm weather
came along and with the drifting south
in the warm Gulf Stream the bers
slowly melted. One day I felt the big
ice cake trembling. Then I got me
one' of the ship's boats, stocked it with
grub and water, and off I started. A
week later I was picked up. The berg
disappeared with all that was left of
the Jane."
"WHEN I CAME TO MT SENSES I
LOOKED ABOUT FOR BEAR
IN*S."
Progress of Printing.
Recent statistics show that printing
has recently made larg» gains in tha
numbers of those engaged is It, capi
tal invested and In value of product.
As an industry it is now estimated to
rank as fifth. Not only has this in
crease bees marked in books and peri
odicals, the making of which Is prin
cipally confined to larga cities, but thft
industry is developing in all large man
ufacturing centers. This Is because
circulars, catalogues, and other forms
of advertising have become tha mod
ern business medium. It is estimated
that there are now la the United States
thirty-five thousand establishments de
voted to engraving, printer asd allied
industries. Furthermore, printing has
become of personal interest to manu
facturers and retailers wa* hart ta
make increased use of It fa th* con
duct of business.
NEWS comes from the East that the Congressional
Shipping Committee, appointed at the last session
to make investigations and report upon plans for
the upbuilding of the American merchant marine, is to
conclude its labors by i visit to our own city. Arriving
in San Francisco about July 15 this committee of legisla
tors from both houses of Congress purposes to devote
a week to the study of existing phases of commerce as
exemplified by the present status of ocean trade with
Hawaii, the Philippines and the Far East that is made
manifest by the shipping records of our harbor.
The coming of the Shipping Committee means much
to San Francisco; it means much to the advocates of an
enlarged merchant marine throughout the country.
Since the impetus given Pacific Coast trade by the ac
quisition of the Philippines and the opening up of China
this is the first direct recognition of our growing impor
tance as the gateway to the Orient given us by the na
tional legislative body. By their coming to this port for
statistics and advice upon the conditions of the Pacific
merchant marine the Congressional committee, acknowl
edges that its deliberations would be incomplete without
a thorough investigation into conditions extant in this
the chief base for a coming era of commercial activity.
This is San Francisco's opportunity to make a direct
bid for the prosperity of the future.
All should be in readiness for expediting the labors of
the committee's members. We have commercial bodies
whose statistics are direct evidence of the growing ac
tivity of the Pacific trade. Our Board of Trade, the
Harbor Commissioners, the Merchants' Exchange and
the Chamber of Commerce have it incumbent upon all of
them to bring before the eyes of the Congressional vis
itors the present condition and future prospects of the
tide of commerce that sweeps through the Golden Gate
out to the West. Certainly no proof of the needs of San
Francisco for a merchant marine flying the stars and
stripes is lacking; we have only* to display them con
vincingly.
Of course the Shipping Committee does not come
forearmed with instructions to determine the practica
bility or otherwise of the ship subsidy bill. That
measure is still pending in Congress under all manner of
obstructions and the creation of the present committee is
in the nature of a compromise to the strife now being
waged anent the subject. But the Congressional Com
mittee will arrive in San Francisco after the Republican
National Convention has incorporated in its platform a
strong expression in favor of the re-creation of our mer
chant marine. The Foraker bill providing for such by
the adoption of the ship subsidy policy must gain great
strength from the fiat of the Republican party platform.
We of San Francisco must urge it upon our visiting Con
gressmen that not until the Government shall have
adopted the measures which are now making Germany a
close rival of England on. the seas can we hope for an
American merchant marine that can compete with its
rivals on even terms.
COMING OF THE SHIPPING COMMITTEE.
Like Another Babel.
The tallest Inhabited bulldlns in tha
world is the Park Row building in
New York. It covers about 15.009
square feet of ground and Is thirty
stories high. The distance from the
curbing to the cornice is 334 feet,
to the top of the towers 390 feet, to
the top of the flagstaff 447; the depth
of the foundations below curbing is 75
feet, making a total distance from the
foundations to the top of the flagstaff
552 feet. Some 9000 tons of steel was
used in the frame, the weight of the
structure is about 20.000. tons and with
the live load it Is estimated to be about
firm that a plumb line fails to show the
firm that a plumbine fails to show the
slightest tremor, even during the high
est gales.
The number of offices in the build
ing i3 950. windows 2180. doors 1770,
electric lights 7500, tenants 3500. By
actual count the ten elevator cars
travel sixteen miles an hour and carry
in ten hours S140 passengers. It Is
said that one of the car starters knows
each tenant and clerk and the floor
and room In which each is located. Ths
cost of the building was about $3,500.
000 and the rentals each year are
$318,000.' The expenses, including in
terest, are $281,235 and the surplus is
$36,765.
Superior Judge Dunne *has expressed the emphatic
opinion that he wants to try no more cases in which
the testimony of Chinese is involved, the evidence of
coolies having been demonstrated to be of the most un
reliable character. It is unfortunate that the great imi
tative faculty of the Chinese and their acquaintance with
courts have made them such adepts in imitation of Occi
dental methods.
Lambert. It is also called the hydro
plane and represent* an entirely tew
innovation In marine tranaportati'Mi.
By a series of plane*. against *rbi<3»
the water impinges a» th« rowfc!"
proceeds, the boat U grvivnUy Mutt
out of the water until only tb* •crew
is submerged. It ha# liuia v*ry little
resistance to overcome. »o4 ciflca»
along the surface at a very tilth *9**4-
It is raised on precisely the eaxo* prin
ciple as a kite rl**» *hm Inttvl
against the wind by 1U «trlac t£e
method being that which b*» been
adopted In many attempted Cyls* ci*
chlnes. Owing to the tssall resistance,
a 14-horse power produce* a epeed
which. In an ordinary motor boat,
would require an engine of 29-borw
power.
A Salt Sea Yarn.
Never yet was sailor man who could
not outdo Munchausen and here is a
reeking tale of the sea that proves
the assertion. Said the old beach
comber:
"We were off the coast of Labrador
in the brig Jane the winter of *6S when
'twas cold enough to freeze the smoke
from the* galley pipe. 'Long about
seven bells in the morning watch I
was pacing the narrow runway abreast
the foc's'le when all of a sudden there
was a terrible crash and the brig seem
ed to drop out from under me.
"For a few minutes the smashing of
timbers and the rain of top hamper
that fell around me made me think it
was all off with me. Then I found
myself tossed like a cnlp and thrown
into the air like a bullet from a gun.
"When I came to my senses I looked
about. It was just daybreak. I could
make out a great white mass all strewn
with wreckage. I saw a piece cf the
galley nestling into a crevice in the
iceberg, for that was what I was on.
Well, to shorten sail a bit on this yarn.
goes there not to purchase insurance from eternal tor
ments in another lite, but is devoted to such uses from a
genuine and Christian care for those who need.
Do the clergy find no need of introspection, of self
examination? There is a growing belief that the congre
gations would be larger if the preaching were better.
No man is so concerned about his soul that he will de
vote his Sunday to listening to an uninteresting, badly
delivered and prosy sermon. We are of the opinion that
if a Beecher, or Collier, or Elias Hicks, or Chapin, or
Talmadge had a pulpit in San Francisco he would not
complain of a small Sunday congregation. While
preachers of the established church in London read the
service to but a few hearers Spurgeon filled his taber
nacle at every service, and he was noted for not sparing
the feelings or glossing over the sins of business men or
anybody else.
In ancient Jewry the prophets had audiences and their
great voices sound sonorously over centuries of time.
They were not preaching doctrines but conduct, and it
is evident that in their day business men had as many
faults as they have now. But the messages that reached
them from the preacher were invested with a power that
was irresistible. The clergy are no doubt faithful and
devoted. If men are running away from their ministra
tions, per automobile or regular train, it is their business
not to complain of it but to bring them back,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. JUNE 22, 1904.
8
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESReliable gas ranges 116 50, regular
price ¦ $20, this week only at S. F. Gaa
& Electric Co., 4 15 Post st. •
TANGIER, June 21.— There are no
further developments regarding the
steps taken to bring about the release
of Perdlcarls and Varley. . The lega
tions are waiting for ; the answer to
the letter of Mohammed El Torres,
the representative of the Sultan of
Morocco, to Raissouli, of June 20. The
American authorities appear anything
but hopeful. .
The ransom money is ready. to be
forwarded at a moment's notice.
Legations Anxiously Awaiting Reply
From Ransom Seeker to Letter
¦ of El Torres.
RAISSOUIil'S SILENCE
WORRIES AUTHORITIES
Loses Suit Against Union.
The Supreme Court decided yester
day that the Brotherhood of Railroad
Trainmen need not pay A. Pool the
$1200 which he demanded on a benefit
certificate. Pool was permanently dis
abled in the line of duty, and though
his injuries were not of the character
specified in his certificate, he main
tained that he should receive the
benefit on general principles. The
brotherhood and the courts have taken
a different view.
CHICAGO, June 21. — John D. Lonff,
ex-Secretary of the Navy, has been the
guest of honor and the principal
speaker at the Bunker Hill day ban
quet of the New England Society.
Long paid a glowing tribute to Pres
ident McKlnley, giving him the credit
for the inauguration of the adminis
tration's colonial po'icy, and dwelt on
his serious vlewo regarding the re
sponsibility of* the head of the Gov
ernment to all the people, irrespective
of class or affiliations.
Ex- Secretary of Navy Dwells on Scr
. vices of Martyr President at
Bunkt-r 11111 Banquet,
liOXG PAYS TRIBUTE
TO McKINLEY'S MEMORY
NEW YORK, June 21. — A decision
of much Interest to importers of'flsh
has been handed down by the board of
United States general appraisers. It
is in favor of the importers.
About six months ago the general
appraisers said that the brine sur
rounding packed fish must be included
in tWe dutiable weight. The board now
explains that its former decision must
be interpreted to mean that only the
brine adhering to the flsh after they
have been drained shall be included
in the dutiable weight
Board Holds Brine in Which Fish
Are Packed Is Not
-Dutiable.
DECISION OF APPRAISERS
FAVORS THE IMPORTERS
Report That a Ledge Assaying $30,000
to the Ton Has Been
Found.
RENO, June 21. — Another rush to
Goldfleld is on as the result of reports
just received that ore assaying $30,000
per ton has been uncovered in the
Jumbo mine. The rock is free milling
and literally alive with gold. The first
mill is now in or>eration at the camp
and ore is being treated there.
AXOTHKU BIG STRIKE
REPORTED AT GOLDFIELD
Special Dispatch to The Call
CHICAGO, June 21.— E. H. Harriman,
president of the Southern Pacific sys
tem, who is here attending the Repub
lican National. Convention, said to-day:
"The plans under way for the South
ern Pacific will make it second not even
to the Pennsylvania system. The pro
posed issue of Southern Pacific stock
is apparently misunderstood. ? The pres
ent stock will sell at an advance be
fore a great while and as a matter of
fact the proposed stock issue is really
a dividend of 3 per cent on the present
stock.
"The general situation, it seems to
me, is excellent. There seems now to
b<» little question of a plentiful crop
and railroad earnings everywhere are
showing better. Money is more plen
tiful and these conditions are usually
a prelude to a season of general pros
perity. Altogether I believe the coun
try is in magnificent hape."
Old Resident Passes Away.
OAKLAND, June 21. — Michael
O'Rielly, for thirty-five years a resi
dent of this city, passed away this
morning at his home. 727 Adeline
street. His wife preceded him to the
grave three months ago. Deceased
was 63 years of age and was a mem
ber of Central Lodge No. 250, A.' O.
U. W. He leaves a daughter, Miss
Minnie O'Rielly. ' : ';
WASHINGTON, June 21. — Presi
dent Roosevelt to-day received Cardi
nal Satolli, the special representative
of the Pope in this country, at the
White House. The Cardinal was pre
sented by the Rev. D. J. Spafford,
rector of St. Patrick's Church, this
city. It was a call merely to afford
Cardinal Satolli an opportunity to pay
his resperts to the President.
Cardinal Satolli presented to the
President a felicitous address, in
which he referred in a most kindly
way to the United States and Its peo
ple.;, .vj :
In responding to the address the
President said:
"Cardinal Satolli — It is a pleasure
to me to welcome so distinguished a
visitor. I thank you most heartily foi
your kind words about the United
States and in return I greet you in
my capacity as chief executive of a
Government which has as its root
principle the doctrine of treating with
impartial justice all men without re
gard to. creed or birthplace. It gives
me pleasure to welcome you."
Cardinal Satolli later in the day
left for Philadelphia. C
Harriman Declares Southern.
Pacific Will Equal Any
System in the Country
Special Representative of
the Pope Makes Call Upon
Roosevelt at White House
A sham battle will take place be
tween Company C of Petaluma and
Company A of Oakland, National
Guard of California, Wednesday morn
ing.
PETALUMA, June 21.— Yesterday
was Calistoga. St. Helena and Napa
day at Camp Pardee.
The chief feature of the day was the
annual meeting of the Northern Cali
fornia Association of Veterans, which
was held at the pavilion this morning.
President J. L. Winans of this city
called the meeting to order. The fol
lowing officers were then elected: E. D.
Sweetser of Santa Rosa, president;
Newton Connor of Calistoga, first vice
president; John Favour of Healdsburg,
second vice president; C. L. Kimball
of Healdsburg, treasurer. John Miller
of Santa Rosa, A. J. Buckles of Fair-
F.eld, Solano County, and J. L. Winans
of Petaluma comprise the executive
committee.
Gathering of Old Soldiers Feature of
Calistoga, St. Helena and yapa
Day at Camp Pardce.
VETERANS HOLD MEETING
AND ELECT NEW OFFICERS
MAGNATE TALKS
OF PROSPECTS
SATOLLI GUEST
OF PRESIDENT
OAKLAND TAILOR WHO KILLED HIMSELF ON POWELL STREET YESTER
DAY MORNING AND THE YOUNG WOMAN WHOSE REFUSAL TO ELOPE
WITH HIM WAS THE DIRECT CAUSE OF HIS TRAGIC ACT.
SANTA CRUZ, June 21.— The Grand
Grove of Druids was called to order to
day by Noble Grand Arch Beck. Four
hundred delegates were present.
The report of the grand secretary,
James F. Martinonl. was read. The fol
lowing are extracts:
Gain during the year, by Initiation. 1770;
by card, 116; reinstated, 32; total, 1927; loss,
1232; net gain, «*5; number of groves Insti
tuted. 7; total membership. 10,008.
Amount paid as sick benefits and relief.
$52,745; widowed families, $1710 20; burying
the dead, $G54B 20; total. $at,008 30, an In
crease of $10,403 47 over previous years.
Revenues paid In were $134,697 4ii, an increase
of $14,975 17. Assets. $230,334 61; Increase,
520.028 8».
Noble Grand Arch Beck reported that
he had instituted new groves at Willits,
Firebaugh, Oakland, Pacific Grove, San
Pedro, Jfosemite Grove, San Francisco
and King City. Two groves in San Jose
and two-in San Francisco were consoli
dated. He recommends that the incom
ing grand arch be empowered to .ap
point a committee of five to revise the
constitution of the order, and that sec
retaries and treasurers who have served
five years have conferred on them the
honors of past arch: that the contin
gent fund annually allowed the grand
arch be increased from $700 to $1000. and
that the office of grand sentinuel be
elective instead of appointive.
A big fight centers about the supreme
representatives who are to be selected
to go to the Supreme Grove, to be held
in September at Richmond, Va. Past
Noble Grand Arch C. A. Gugllelmoni of
San Francisco seems to be in the lead.
The other candidates are Edward Goetz
of San Francisco, Henry Lang of St.
Helena; the present noble grand arch,
George Beck of I^lvermore; Edward
Wagner of San Francisco and Past
Supreme Arch Schord of San Fran
cisco. i'J'Xi)
A motion to Increase the number of
trustees from five to seven was rejected
to-day.
In the parade this afternoon the
Grand Grove made a great showing. It
was under the charge of Grand Mar
shal W. G. Antonovlch and his aids.
Mayor Clark, Councilman Waltl, the
grand officers of the Druldg and of the
Lady Druids were in carriages. They
were followed by the members of the
three local groves. Mayor Clark deliv
ered an address of welcome, and the
response was by Noble Grand Arch
George Beck.
The grand ball this evening at the
Casino was a brilliant affair.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Black was a member of the Scottish
Society of Oakland, and will be buried
by that organization. Besides his
widow, two children survive him. Their
ages are 4 and 6 years.
Mrs. Turner, the. landlady of the
house where MIkb Hunt resides, said
that the girl had been living there for
a month and that no man had visited
her during that period.
Mrs. James Black, when seen at her
home in Oakland, said that ehe did not
know what Impelled her husband to
take his life unless It was the knowl
edge that he had ruined his business
through spending all his money on
Miss Hunt. She told the following
story:
I was married to Black ten years ago. About
three years ago he opened a women's tailor
ing establishment at 630 Fourteenth Ktrcet and
employed Miss Hunt to assist him. From that
time he began to neglect the children and
myself and to spend all his money on her.
Although she knew I was aware of her eon
duct, she 6eemed to have no shams and would
wait until my hueband was ready to dose th«
shop and then the two would go away to
gether.
My husband's Infatuation for this woman
continued until he was so deeply In debt that
he had to sell out his business last March.
Two weeks ago he W-ft home to go to San
Francisco aa he said, to go to work. Before
he left I begged him to break with Miss Hunt
and he told me that be had seen her for the
last time.
MRS. BLACK'S STATEMENT.
Yesterday morning whtn I came down town
he Joined me and tried to drag me down the
etreet. lie said: "You have got to go with
me. or either you or I or both of us have got
to die." Finally we walked down Sutter street
to Powell, and he pulled out a pistol and
threatened to shoot me. but he said that if I
would meet him again last night he would let
me go. I promised to do bo. as I was afraid
of my life. He then shoved the pistol into my
face and said. "Will you kill me?" I took the
pistol and threw it into the street and screamed
for help. In the meantime two men who had
been walking near us tried to get the pistol,
but Black was too quick for them and got It
first and put it back into his hip pocket. Offi
cer Smith Carr rushed up at this time. Black
was standing in the middle of the street, and.
putting the gun to his ear. shouted out, "Don't
come rear me or I will kill myself." Carr
made a jump for Black, but the latter made a
darh down Sutter street and rushed up Powell
rtreet hill toward Bush street. I heard two
shots and then I became partially unconscious,
but was supported by passersby.
In regard to the statements made by Mrs.
Black in reference to me. I declare emphati
cally that fche never spoke to me upon the sub
ject of her husband. I did not go out with
Black. My life has been a burden since I
knew him. I am cow almost a nervous wreck
from his attentions and from the constant
fear that at any moment he would take my
life. After I refused time and again to go
with him he said he would get a divorce from
his wife. I told him divorce or no divorce, I
did not want anything to do with htm. Many
times I thought that I would appeal to the
police and hav« him arrested. I knew this act.
however, would only bring notoriety upon him,
his family and myself. That is all that pre
vented me from making a complaint.
Mr. Black has been bothering me for more
than six months, and during this whole time
1 have been in a state of terror from his threats
to kill both himself and me. I never encour
aged hi* attentions, nor did I want anything at
all to do with him. On Monday night as 1 was
enterinf my home, and at the very instant my
landlady was opening the door. Black rushed
up the steps. " grabbed me by the arm, pulled
me down the stairs and dragged me up to Van
Ness avenue. He begged me to come with him
and I again told him that I never would have
anything to do with, him. I had told him this
a hundred times before, lie became to violent
in 1 is language that he nearly scared me to
death. A policeman happened to be passing
and I rushed to him for assistance. Me es
corted me to my house, and all the while Black
was wildly gesticulating at me. As I ran up
t^» etairs he said: "You may escape to-night,
Itt I will kill you to-morrow."
AXXOYED HER FOR MONTHS.
Determined, however, that he should
not be baffled. Black was waiting for
the girl yesterday morning when she
left her home at 1212 Sutter street to
ro to her work. Once more he made
his plea and once more was repulsed.
Their controversy on the sidewalk at
Powell and Sutter streets lasted long
and became heated. A crowd collect
ed, drawn by the sight of a frenzied
man waving a revolver and threaten
ing to shoot himself. Several police
men were seen approaching.
Brought thus to bay and desperate
because his suit was rejected. Black
turned from Miss Hunt and ran up
Powell street with his revolver in his
hand. Policeman Harry Hook followed
him and fired his revolver in the air.
Instantly Black stopped, put his pistol
to his temple and fired. He fell on the
sidewalk, but life was not at once ex
tinguished and an ambulance was sum
moned. On the way to the hospital he
expired. His remains were removed to
the Morgue.
Miss Hunt is an attractive blonde
about 20 years of age. As she sat yes
terday in the workshop where she is
employed she told the following story
of her connection with the tragic af
fair:
On Monday evening, preceding the
tragedy, Miss Hunt and her persist
ent wooer had a scene on the street.
His oft-repeated demands were again
renewed and again the young woman
repulsed him. Finally she refused
flatly to have anything further to do
with him.
.WATTED FOR HER.
- James Black, In a fit of desperation
because Miss Ethel Hunt would not
live with him, blew out his brains yes
terday morning on Powell street, just
above Sutter. Black was a married
man, a tailor by occupation and re
sided at 1456 Filbert street, Oakland.
Miss Hunt Is a seamstress In the em
ploy of the Quillinan women's tailor
ing shop at 715 Sutter street.
The suicide followed an exciting in
terview that took place yesterday
morning- between Black and Miss Hunt
on Sutter street and which lasted for
over an hour. The meeting*, of the
couple was witnessed by a number of
people residing on that street, between
Taylor and the place of shoot-
Ing. The Immediate events that led
up to the shooting were sensational.
The heated altercation between the
two principals attracted the attention
of everybody in that vicinity.
As to the suicide, there are conflict
ing statements. Miss Hunt alleges
that she has been persecuted by Black
for six months because she would not
live with him and that he has often
threatened to kill her and himself if
she would not accede to hi3 wishes.
On the other hand, Mrs. Black, the
widow of the suicide, states that Miss
Hunt lured her husband away from
his home and after she had got all
the money she could get out of him
she wanted to cast him off.
Post of Supreme Eepresen
tative Is Being Anxiously
Sought For by Members
James Black Commits
Suicide on the
Street.
BELIEF GIVEN TO MANY
Excited Tailor Puts an
End to His Ex
istence.
Grand Secretary's Figures
Show That the Fraternity
Is in a Fine Condition
DRUIDS' ORDER
IS PROSPEROUS
PREFERS DEATH RATHER THAN LIVE
WITHOUT THE LOVE OF ETHEL HUNT
THE SAN FRANCISCO .GALL, WEDNESDAY, -JUNE 22, 1904.
9
POSTtTM CEREAL.
io days. Try it:.
Get the little book, "The Road to
Wellville" in each pkg.
World's Fair exhibit. Space 103, Agricultural
Building.
POSTUM
to make ,the trial before nervous
or organic collapse comes.
Delicious
YOU OWE IT
TO YOURSELF
Are You on?
When any one gets on to the
fact that he or she is on the
coffee rack there's a chance, but
most coffee drinkers "never sus-
pect" coffee as the cause of all
their ills until the drugs in the
coffee have slugged them into or-
ganic disease of some sort.
Whether you suspect coffee or
not a io days' trial of Postum
Food Coffee (leaving off the cof-
fee) is an easy experiment that
may return big results in the way
of health and
The
. Coffee
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ba*. Charles
Flesh Food
STlic Great Beantlfler
and Skin Tonic
Used by leading actresses,
tlngerg and women of the
elite Boclety of two conti-
nents (or more than a quar-
ter of a century.
It Is the only preparation
having- the unqualified
r Indorsements of phyal-
t clans and recommended
'i by them to INCREASE
I FIRM. HEALTHY
1 FLESH on thin,, hol-
lowed cheeks and neck
without the use of liquid
medicines and -. tonics.
REMOVES . WRINKLES from the face and
hands, no matter how deep the furrow.
DEVELOP8 THE IMMATURE BUST and
will restore a breast to Its natural beauty and
contour, lost throush sickness or nursing.
On Sale Department Stores and
Druggists. .
CVCn A f flEFFft The regular pr | ce of Dr.
if ttl A L Urr CM. Charles Flesh Food Is
$1.00 a box, but to Introduce It Into thousands
of new homes we have decided to send two (2)
boxes »to all who answer this advertisement and
send us $1.00. All packages are sent In plain
wrapper, postage prepaid.
CDI'P A sample box — just enough to convince
rnEC you of the great merit of Dr. Charles
Flesh Food — will be sent free for 10 cents,
which -pays for cost of mailing. We will also
serd you our Illustrated book, "Art of Mas-
rage," which contains all the proper movements
for massaging the face, nerk and arms, and full
directions for developing the bust. Address
DR. cmiES CO., 108 Fiilloa SI., in Tort
Prescriptions 34,408 and 7.
GtTABANTEED CUBS FOB MEW.
HARMLESS INJECTION. Cures ordinary
cases In a few days. Warranted to cure
worst cases. NO OTHER TKEATMENT
REQUIRED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. PREVENTS CONTAGION. Harm-
less. $2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
T. S. KELLY'S PHARMACY. 102 Eddy.
|ASTH/ViANOLA|
Is the only care for Nervous and
Bronchial ASTHMA.
, Tour Druggist or at bus HAIQHT ST..
. San Francisco. Cat.
A2HXJSEMEITT3.
AT PA7AD Belasco A Maytr.
"^^S . ¦,;-.- General Manager.
TO WIGHT— MATS. THTTR. ft SAT.
Clyde Fitch's Famous Pastoral Comedy.
j OVERS' 1 AIME
"A decided success."— Chronicle.
Oeorgeous Production — Great Cast.
Last Week of Stock Company Season.
Evg.. 23c to 75c. Mat3. Thurs. & Sat, 23c to 30o
"¦¦*''¦ Next Monday — The Romantic Actor.
WHITE WHITTLESEY
Opens Summer Engagement la.-
SOLDIERS OX* rOKTXJWE.
BEATS HOW SELLING. >
Market Street. Near Eighth. Phone South 833.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATUS'EES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Magnificent Spectacular Production of Georg*
R. Sim's Famous Masterpiece.
"LIGHTS O' LONDON"
Stupendous Scenic Effects. London Bridge by
Night.
Full Strength Central Stock Company.
TESTIMONIAL CENEFIT WEEK.
For the Distinguished Veteran Actor
L. R. STOCK WELL, .
Who Appears In the Celebrated Role of Jarvls.
the Thespian.
DDirrC Evenings 10c to 50c
rKiWLJ Matinees 10c. 13c. 23c
Week June 27— POWER OF THE CROSS.
ANOTHER BIgTnEW SHOW!
HELEN BERTRAM
Poster and roster; a owe and Scott; Zar-
row Trio; Gracey and Burnett; Asronst.
West on and Company ; Eddie Heron and
Company; Bomani Trio; "Mike," ros-
ter's Doff, and Orphtnm Motion Pic-
tures, Showinr Beview of the S. T.
TIRE DEPARTMENT.
Regular matine* Every Wednesday, Thurs- *
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c, £5a
and 50c. '
Pii.qrA D °N' T FAI1 - TO!
raiawc 8ee the bcautifuJ |
j COURT Lounging
/lflfl room, the EMPIRE
Uliu parlor, tha
f> j PALM ROOM, the
linifiQ LOUIS XV PAR-
\ii aim LOR fmd the LA
njj,, DIES* WRITING
Hotels room -
DR.PIERCE'S
GOLDEN
MEDICAL ..
[mscovERY
1 FOR THE
I rfLOOP.l.lVER.LUMGS;
Ak n R Fl IF* Outfits. Guns. Ammual-
1 SA W flj I tlon - FlshSn* and Outlna
Hid I If] SJ Ooods. Tent* and Gun* io
IgBJltSlB K rrt - CATALOG FREE.
Vjf ll\? 1 1 6HREVK * BARBER CO..
H ¦ ¦ H ¦ ¦ 73J) Market , c
621 Kearny it.. 8. V.
\A/. T. HESS,
. Notary Public and Attorn ey-at-I*w.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus SpnckcU bids.
Telephone Main 933.
* . Residence. 1S02 McAllister st.
Residence Telephone Page C94 *: .
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
FBXSa Ain> SALT MEATS.
lie DAVCC Jt Trt Shipping Butchers. Ida
JAS. BGlbd & Lu* Clay. Tel. Main 1234.
7~r~ oils. '
LUBRICATINO OILS: LEONARD A MA
413 Front st. S. K. Phone Main 171*.
F3UJB 'SIS Q V-JJ—-J,
E. Ct BUGHESi HI Bansome St.. S. >.
AMUSEMENTS.
THIS WEEK
Every Eve. : Matinees Sat. and Sun.
The Hilariously Funny Burlesque,
| The Mormons |
SO — Specialties and Novelties — 50
New and Beautiful Scenery and Costumes.
Our "All Star" Burlesque Cast — Edna Aug.
Freda Gallick, Garrlty Sisters, York? and
Adams. Al Fields, Edwin Clark, Ben 'Dillon,
Roy Alton.
Lionel Lawrence's "Elsht Radium Girls."
Splendid Chorus of 40 Voices.
Special Matinee July 4.
Same Popular Prices.
CALIFORNIA
S — OP THE —
g OLIVER MOBOSCO COMPANY. ||
fij Presenting the Funniest Fare* i j
H Ever Written, w
§ I A PRINCE OF LIARS j I
8 LAST BARGAIN MATINEE fj
Rj TO-MOEEOW. «
a NOTE. — After next Saturday n
n nlsrht the California will close for \ 1
H the summer, reopeninsr for the H
[% re<rnlar season on August 7. Dux- Q ;
m injr this time the Theater can be ei !
R. rented for Concerts, etc. B
Last Four Nights
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Management Daniel Frohman,
In Justin Huntly McCarthy's Miracle Play,
THE PROUD PRINCE.
Last time In California next Saturday Night.
This Theater will be closed during the weeks
of June 27 and July 4.
S5W: ETHEL BARRYHORE
In Her Greatest Success, "COUSIN KATE."
ITIV0L.3&&
Fft f\ Wf ¦ Ek H Performance
m #"* C* CT /I TT
iiUtjy TRIUMPH
' MAGNIFICENT PRODUCTION. -
BEAUTIFUL SCENERY.
r SUPERB COSTUMES.
AND THE GREAT CAST.
Beats always selling— 25c. 50c. 75c.
Usual Tlvoll Prlces^ — Only Matinee Satnr.
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-DAY ot 2
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
TO- -NIGHT tot 8 Sharp.
DAVID BELASCO
i PRESENTS MR3.
LESLIE CARTER
In His New Play.
DU BARKY
SEAT3 FOB THIRD ASTD LAST WEEK
READY TO-MORROW.
. PRICES— *2.00, J1.5O. J1.0O, 73c and 60c
BRANDOW~AND WILEY,
And a Splendid Show Every Aftemooon
azrd Evening- In the Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
HUnATUBE ELECTEIO RAXLEOAD.
EsraercMa and Her BABY MONKEY ia the
Zoo.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
Hear the PNEUMATIC SYMPHONT OR-
CHESTRION.
AMATEUR WIGHT THTXBSDAT.
Admission. 10c: Children, 6c.
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PEB YEAB,
--'-¦-.. ~w^^^ '
smiths of America, have made a gold model 1 1
| Life-size in 24«Karat Gold [J
| Thejvvork.has been done in a manner H
| worthy joi the material and the subject, and I j
1 can be^seenxall r summer at the Victor ex- F
JL A JL LJ X L. t.L L. i^ L,« \~j\J VJL lot \ *• % - 1
as gold. 1 It is a musical instrument of the ||J
m T T E'^* |f "^ % % A T #"* W A jC* r^'i
SoIG 3P0.Cifl,C CO&Jf v <AflT63IltS» c. *
¦ KEASNT AND SUTTEXt STS. SAXT 7SA27CXSCO i*-M
PATTOSIEN'S.
PATTOSIEN'S
HANDSOME NEW STORE.
One of the best known business en-
terprises of California is Pattosicn's
big furniture store at Sixteenth and
Mission streets. In the furniture
buyers' eyes this business center has
many charms, firstly because of the
low prices there prevailing, secondly
because of the quality and immensity
of goods on display and lastly be-
cause of *he courteous and honorable
treatment afforded all customers.
During the illness of W. J. Patto-
sien, which seemed to be a long
drawn out affliction, a gigantic sale
was conducted, a sale which has never
been equaled in this State.
Renewed health and the old longing
for aggressive business have encour-
aged Mr. Pattosien to purchase the in-
fterests of his colleagues. Large
orders were placed with the factories
in the East, upon the arrival of which
Mr. Pattosien reopened the old store
in splendid style with newer and bet-
ter goods. The public of San £ran-
cisco is respectfully invited to renew
old acquainfances at the Pattosien
headquarters in the Mission.
Tou can't ret a b«tter value
for the mor.ey anywhere. All my
Cutlery is hiph grade. This
, knife is thoroughly dependable;
Wad<» Is of finest tempered steel;
handle comes in several mate-
rials, including pearl.
Buy a good Razor for SI. OO.
I have a special Razor that I am
Belling st this figure. Other
places would charge more. I'm
making a . reputation on this
value.
SclPFors and other kinds of
Cutlery at my usual low prices.
Razor Strops els low as 25c
Two bar? Williams' 10c Shav-
ir.p Soap, 15c.
Mall orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS, !
F. W. PITTS, The Stationer. j
1003 MABKET ST., Above Powell.
SAN FRANCISCO.
and
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE !
WEST.
Over 24 Port ft.. Stn Francisco. Cal.
Tnab. 40 years. Open entire jvar.day & nlsht. '
Write for circular* <free).
VONMEYERIMK tS lo Ri?Z? v ?T C
PAN FRANCISCO. Established lW
Pre-eminently the largest and bent
oq-jipp^d school on the Pacific Coast — offer-
ing a!i the adrantafe* of Eastern and
European ecnwrvatoiies for a th-rouph
BTjslcal education. Prospectus utxjn ap-
p'.I'-aUcn. Visitors to the World's Fal' St
I»u!«, are Invited to examine the exhibit
Of the fchoo!. Educational Building Call- i
foraU School Exhibit.
M "~— "— "*~""*~— ¦ — — ¦¦— ¦ — ¦ i
— — — j
New Quarters — More Spaced
riHEB IIOOKS.
Just moved Jcto cur new rooms: new flre- |
r™of building, 3 elevators, electric light* ¦
»t«>am heat. Do more for students than ever
before. Thl* it the college that secures so .
rrany positions. :
San Francisco Business College, j
723 Mission St.. Xear Third.
laraitaHallM
PALO ALTO, CAL. ££%£; j
H<*f i lO r f\ I Oy 430 etuden^tenJ
J^M\ I rVgyC. succese:new bnll-l- '
I 0 1 1 C <VO wholesome co!leg« ,
— ~ ,A""' llfe: Catalosue. ,
C2S Goliien Gate ave.. B. F. |
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day •ebool for younpr ladies and
little Klrls. 2126 California street. Will reopen '
August i_ i»04. Accredited to the universities. I
KEY. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M. Principal.
OPTICIANS EARN $10 A OAT.
Individual Instructions; also
J&BS22S^k m *" course. Call or write for
¦^V>Sa?a procpectuj*. CX.ISE OPTICAL.
vJjWSa^" INSTITUTE. 1055 Mnrket St..
-"y^yj^ 6. F. Eye* examined free. ;
Mount Tamalpais Military Academy
SAN RAFAEI^. CAL.
Junior school separate. Fall term begins Aur
17. ARTHUR CliOSBT, U.D., Head Master!
m Market St^ S. P.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
IKVXXGTON. CALIFORNIA.
Holds pre-*nunent!r the confidence of its Da.
trons and the loyalty of its pupils
WILLIAM WALKCK ANDERSON. Principal.
..-,.—.«.. *t Fchroi for boy«; 14th rear
UlilTT'O KlM Au(? >Jtb ' Iwfc-er and
If 1 1 I I I • 1 * lroc « er '*«Jlty than ever;
• •VIII W perfect sanitation: Illus-
trated catalogue- W. J
MEREDITH. Vice Principal. Menlo Par*. Cal.
Hitchcock Military Academy
EAN RAFAEL. CAL.
WILL REOPEN on Aurtist 16.
Apply to Ui« Principal.
COLLEGE OF HOTEL DAME.
FAN JOSE. CAL. Exclusively for boardlnr
•tudentt. Fifty -third year. Courses: Clastical,
Literary, Scientific, Conservatory. College
preparatory accredited. Intermediate and Pri-
mary Classes. Studies resumed Tuesday. Auc-
Oft 2. 11M.
AXO AX.TO ACASIMT, one mile from
Stanford Uslvenlty — Hoyi and young- men
prepared for Stanford. Berkeley or Eastern
colleges. Exceptional Advantages in Modern
Zjanruam and IHtrher Mathematics. Fall term
begins Auiru'i 22. For catalogue address
HAVNAI'.li KHIPLET. FsJo Alto. Cai.Notice 1* riven by the lighthouse inspector
that the single-pile beacon, black, Xo. 7
marking the westerly side of the channel . lead -
Ing into Honolulu harbor,, has disappeared. It
will be replaced m soon aa practicable.
Earned runs— Portland 1. Lot Angele* 3. Stolen
burr* — Smith, Chase. Bases on balls — OS But
ler 1. off Baozn 2; Struck out — By Butler 4,
by Baum &. Two-base hit* — Cravath. ¦ Mc-
Creedie, Beck Spies, Baum. Three-base- hit —
Baum. Double plays — Flood to Chase; Ross to
Spies. Left on bases — Portland 7. Los Angeles
S. Hit by pitched ball— By Butler 1. -First
ba#e on errors — Portland ¦ 3. Los - Angeles 2.
Tim* of game— On* hour as d 60 minutes. Urn.-
Fancy diving— F. S. Geddes. U S. C; S.
Pygeorge. U S. C. ; W. C. Poznin. I* S. C. ;
F. Bacon, O. A. C.
Officials — Referee. D. D. Ollphant; starter.
George James; - timers. J. A. Hammersmith.
Kenneth Melrose and A. P. Rothkopf; Judges
J. Geddes. F. M. Buck! in. T. 1. Fit zpa trick:
Inspectors. Paul Turk. E. J. Lynch and M. J.
Calnan; clerk, • J. A. Jackson; announcer,
George Thompson.
. 100 yards (American record 1:01 2-5. Harry
Lemoyne; coast 1:02. -F. Galley) — G.; Norman,
L. S. C; S. Bacigalupi, S. I. G.: O. Schultx.
U S. C; F. Galley, O. A. C; E. Mealle. S.
I. G.: J. S. Leary. O. A. ; C; S. Koyn. S. I.
G. : • J. Conway, R. V?. . '
&<0 yards (American and 1 coast records
12:30 1-5 H. F. Brewer)— H. Heinz, L. S. C;
E. A. Boilo. O. A. C: H. Seebach. .L. S. C.;
S. Waters. S. I. G. : F. Galley. O. A: C. .
. 220 yards < American and coast records
2:51 H. F.: Brewer) — S. Baldwin. I* S. , C. ;
P. Sundbergr," O. A. C; A. Heinz. !•. S, C; F.
Galley. O. A. C; O. Shultz, L. 8. C; E.
Mealle. S. I. G.
The annual swimming champion
ships of the Pacific Athletic Associa
tion will be held to-morrow night at
Lurline Baths. The men entered in
clude the fastest swimmers on the
coast. The entries* follow: •
50 yards (American and coast records :27 2-3.
bv Wldeinann. U S. C.) — E. Dawson, L. S. C;
\V. B. Clark. L. S C; J. Pygeorge. L. S. C;
E R Davis. L..S. C. : J. Koyn, S. I. G.; S.
Bacigalupi, S. I. G.; F. Galley. O. A.- C; F.
Bacon. O. A. C; J. S. Leary. O. A.; J. Con
way. R. W.
440 yards (American and coast records
0:104. H. F. Brewer)— E. Dawson. L. S. C:
W. Youne. O. A. C. ; S. Water, 3. I. G.; F.
Galley O. A. C.;G. Dawson. U S. C; J.
Conway R. W.; H. Heinz, L. S. C; O.
Schultx. T* S. C.
Many Clever Performers Entered for
the Contests To-Morrow Nisht
at Lurline Baths.
CRACK SWIMMERS TO MEET
IN ANNUAL CHAMPIONSHIPS
Boxer Dave Barry Returns.
Dave Barry and "Cyclone" Kelly,
the boxers, were among the arrivals
yesterday from Honolulu. Barry had
eight fights in the islands and won
them all. He is anxious to meet
Twin" Sullivan and the match has
been offered to the Tosemite Club for
this month.
Two runs credited to Portland were
a present from Judge Smith. Mc-
Creedie rapped out a double and when
Smith attempted a quick return of
Thielman's warm one he threw the
ball into the bleachers. McCreedle
and Thlelman both scored while the
search for the lost ball was under way.
Ross made a pretty double play in
pulling down Francis* high one and
catching McCreedie at the plate by
a strong throxr.
Pitcher Baum must have subsidized
Butler to hand them to him without
kinks, for he lined one out in the third
that was good for three bags and,
connected in the seventh for a double
and in the eighth for a single. The
score:
F« rV.CT.t — Los Anreles
AB.R. n. T.K.\ AB.R. H. P.A.
Nd^au.lf. .". 0 n 2 OlTtwnan.B. S 1 1 0 3
MeCrd.rb 3 111 J Flood.Zb 4 0 2 5 4
Thlmn.cf 4 10 2 0 Smlth.Sb 6 110 1
Beck.lb. 4 1 3 10 2lBmard.ef4 0 2 2 0
Kmde.Sb 3 0 0 1 2 fCrvth.rf. 5 12 10
Ca*tro.«. 4O1B 4 Chase, lb. 40181
Rhea.rf.. 3 0 10 0 Ross.lf.. 3 113 1
Ppencr.rf 1 O 1 0 0 Fples.c... 4 12 7 2
Fte*lmn.c 4 0 10 4 Baura.p. 4 13 11
Eutler.p. 3 0 10 5 ¦ —
¦ Totalt.SS « IB 27 U
Totals 34 S I 27 18
PUXB A3TV HITS BT INNINGS.
Portland .".2 00-1 00000—3
Bu« hltt 1 10211111—9
Xjrm Antreles 0 020001 1 2— «
Base hlta.. 2 13 0 113 2 2— IS
SUMMJLRT. ,.
(Ucrlfie* fcJU— Fraxcit. Flood. Cfc**e. Errors.
—?*•&. at, tptacxr, Flood, Btdtb. CtareU. (
PORTLAND. June 21.—Two-bag
«rer» by Spies and Baum of Morley's
Loo Loos off Butler's delivery when
the came looked good for the locals
clouded the sun for the big pitcher.
Flood then batted safely and the score
was tied. It was too much for "Bad
Innln«: Dee" and the visitors found
him easy In the eighth and ninth and
won. Eleven singles, two doubles and
a triple were to the credit of Los An
ecles when the ruction ended. Baum's
delivery \ras touched up, but the hits
were not bunched, save twins in the
fourth.
Bartenders' League No. 41 contributed
the sum of $10 to the stablemen's strike
fund, and a similar amount was - do
nated to a sick member. KiiS^
G. W.' Brown, whose livery stable Is
at 1S7 Stevenson street, received a
couple of visitors Monday night in the
form of two basalt blocks that came
through his windows. He boards his
men in the stable, and as
they were sitting down to supper the
rocks made their way into the place.
The stable owners of this city in their
troubles with the Stablemen's Union
intend to follow the lead of E. G/ Pierce
of the Nevada Stables and sue for In
junctions restraining the union from
picketing and boycotting their places of
business. The unions have withdrawn
their men from the sidewalks - before
the tabooed stables, and .probably no
more pickets will be seen between now
and the hearing of the temporary in
junctlyn case before Judge Hunt on
July 1. .
A committee from the union met the
representatives of the Citizens' Alliance
yesterday. In their discussion, the two
parties disagreed principally -on the
"open shop" question, and the matter
will stand unchanged until after the
injunction hearing. •
All Is quiet at the Southern Pacific
freight sheds. • •; •
The Felt and Composition Roofers'
Union elected the following officers for
the ensuing term: - President. B. E.
Powers; vice president, George W. Fish
er; recording secretary, : C. P. St. John;
financial secretary, Robert Clark;
treasurer, James Mahoney; .trustee, N.
Stevens; warden, E.Gillesple; conduct
or, T. F. Kenny; delegates to the Build
ing Trades Council. B. E. Powers, C. P.
St. John and E. C. Travis; alternate,
Robert Clark. - -
Rocks Are Hurled Through Windows.
Stablemen's Union and Citizens'
Alliance Fail to Agree.
BUTLER IS EASY FOR ANGELS.
TWO BASALT VISITORS
TO A TABOOED STABLE
The Justices of the Peace are much
worried over a complaint made that
they had refused to try cases assigned
to Justice of the Peace Dunn while
he was ill. Judge Van Nostrand says
in answer to the complaint that he
has tried thirty or forty cases set for
trial before Dunn, and Judge Lawson
points to the fact that he has nine
cases belonging to Dunn set for trial
to-day. Dunn has gone on his vaca
tion and all his cases will be heard
by the other Justices during his ab
sence. J&E9W
Justices of the Peace Worried.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY SELECTIONS.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race — Kiamesha, Salt and
Pepper, Antimony.
Second race— Grenade. Martinmas,
Lady Amelia.
Third race — Councilman, Blandy,
Niblick.
Fourth - race — Beldame, Audience,
Graceful.
Fifth race — Mercury, Garnish,
Akcla.
Sixth race — Brooldynite, Hyland,
Nic Longworth.
Alex Greggains has arranged a won
dprful card of the so-cnlJed amat»t:r
boxers for the San Francisco Athletic
Club on Friday night in Woodwards
Pavilion. The principal bout will be
between welter-weights. Ted Wolffa
and Joe Thomas, who have never met.
Both are hard punchers and have a
lot of ring experience. This la only
one of the promising bouts, of which,
there are eight In all. As usual Greg
gains will referee and will make tha
boxers set a lively pace.
Boxln? Card of Unusual Excellence
Announced for Friday Ni;ht at
Woodward's Pavilion.
GREGGA1NS' PET AMATEURS
TO MEET IN FAST BOUTS
Orders from the War Department
to this effect reached 'General Mac-
Arthur yesterday. This settles the
question that has agitated these troops
for the last ten daj-s.
- The regiment has been here since
September. Colonel C. H. Noble and
his entire corps of officers are highly
esteemed by their comrades at the
post and their civilian friends In town.
Two battalions of, the Tenth Infan
try will start for their several posts
in the Department of the Columbia on
July 1. The headquarters band and
First Battalion will go to Fort Law
ton and the Second Battalion to Fort
Wright. The Third Battalion will re
main at the Presidio until October 15
and then go to Fort Walla Walla.
Colonel Noble and Two Battalions Will
Leave for Department of Colum
bia on July 1.
MOVEMENTS OF TENTH
INFANTRY ARE SETTLED
First Kaco— Wakeful. • Sonya, Alge
tha.
Second Jlace — Lady Contrary, Stins,
Suave.
Third Race — Pretension, Kins Fox
II. Joe Goss.
Fourth Race — Judge Himes, Flying
Torpedo, Old Stonr.
Fifth Race — Milton Youns, Wootl-
Iiun!-. Chicago I.ad.
Sixth Race — Frank Collins, Mor
delia, Velasquez.
ST. LOUIS SELECTION'.
Runs a Mile and a "Quarter, Clearing
Five Obstacles, in 2:16, Winning
Handily. :
SEATTLE, "Wash.. June. 21. — Four
thousand persons were treated-' to a
world's record performance . at The
Meadows to-day when Rid Shannon,
with Otis up, went a mile and a quar
ter, clearing five hurdles, in 2:16, fin
ishing on the bit. ' This performance
equals that of Burt Cockfan at
Brighton Beach in November, 1882,
with 127 pounds up. Rio Shannon
carried 130 pounds. Summary:^
First race, seven furlongs, selling — Inaugu
rator won. Jud?e Voorhles second Miss Vera
third. Time. l:28?i.
Second race, three and a hslf furlongs, sell
ing — Billy Mahon won, Titus second. Rattler
third. Time. :41. r
Third race, seven furlongs, selling — Ultruda
won, Algaretta second, Pruewood third.
Time, 1:28. ' #.
Fourth race, one and a quarter miles, hurdle,
hardicap — Uio Shannon won. MUas second,
Jim Bozeman third. Time, 2:16.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling — Lady Usk
woo. Colonel Van second, Dollle H third.
Time. 1:14.
Sixth race, one mile, selling— Montana Peer
ess won. Kitty Kelly second. Leash third.
Time. 1:41>4.
"Would you have me close my doors
to a policeman whose tongue was hang
ing out with thirst?" asked the tender
hearted purveyor of mixed and plain
beverages.
Thereupon Mr. Howell caustically re
marked that Ferguson was too sym
pathetic. The motion was made and
carried that the licenses of all saloon
keepers who give or sell drinks to offi
cers in uniform shall be revoked.
Edward Hoffman, who conducts a
"paint shop" at 623 Sacramento street,
was asked to explain why he tapped
upon the cranium of J. DambrosWy
with a hammer. Hoffman replied that
he did not do so to sound the solidity
of Dambro«ky's skull.
"I was going to tap a wine keg, 1 *' he
said. *'I tapped Mr. Dambrosky by
mistake.".
The Commissioners looked with In
terest upon the man whose head was
mistaken for a wine cask. They agreed
that the error was venial.
The charges against the Fawn Saloon
conducted by A. H. Becker were dis
missed. J. Baxter complained that he
had been robbed there two weeks ago.
Policeman A. C. Marsh was fined J5
for missing a target practice. Thomas
H. Dowd was appointed a patrolman.
It was an artlesa remark made by
Thomas Ferguson, proprietor of a sa
loon at 534 California street, thajt caused
Commissioner Howell to introduce the
resolution. - V :
Xo saloon-keeper shall play the Good
Samaritan to policemen in uniform, so
the Police Commissioners unanimously
decided last night. If a wearer of the
blue appear on the threshold of a sa
loon tortured by cramps, toothache, ap
pendicitis, paresis, paralysis or any of
the other ills the force is heir to, fhe
saloon man who furnishes liquid relief
f$r the sufferers must say farewell to
his license.
Saloons That Serve Drinks
to Men in Uniform Will
- Forfeit Their Licenses
(National League.) I (American League.)
W. L. Pet. I W. L. Pet.
Kew York.... 26 16 .C93 Boston 34 17 .067
Cincinnati ...34 19 .W2 New York... 29 21 .&M>
Chicago 31 19 .C20 Chicago 30 23 .506
Plttsburg ...2S 23 .629' Cleveland ...26 22 .542
St. Louis 25 26 .45K>,Phllade]phla..27 2.1 .540
Boston 21 22 .396 St. Louis 23 25 .479
Brooklyn . . .21 34 .382 Detroit 21 28 .429
Philadelphia.. 12 37 .245 Washington.. 9 40 .184
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS, Jane 21.— Mike Lynch. Pitt?
burg's Brown University recruit, was given
his first try-out in major league company this
afternoon and defeated St. Louis. Attendance,
2S0O. Score:
R. H. E.
Ft. Lculs 6 4 4
Pittsburg 8 12 4
Batteri*** — Corbett. Sanders. McLean and
Grady; Lynch, Phelps and Fmlth. Umpire —
O" Day.
CINCINNATI. June 21. — The Chlcagos were
unable to score to-day. Timely hitting was
responsHjle for the runs scored by Cincinnati.
Attendance. 3300. Score:
' R. H. E.
Cincinnati 3 8 2
Chicago 0 6 2
Batteries — Walker and PelU: Welmer and
KUngr. Umpire — Moran.
BROOKLYN. June 21. — A great catch by
Lush of McCormlck's drive robbed Brooklyn
of to-day's game. Hanlon's men could do
nothing with Mitchell's curves until the final
lpnlng when they made a splendid, finish.
Attendance. 1C00. Ecor» :
R. H. E.
Brooklyn 3 9 2
Philadelphia * 10 1
Batteries — Cronin and Bergen; Mitchell and
Dooln. Umpire — Johnstone.
BOSTON, June 21. — New York won from
Boston to-day on a wet and slippery field,
which made ground covering difficult. Five
doubles - were accomplished, but a number of
ordinarily easy chances went as hits. . At
tendance. 1»00. Score:
R. H. E.
New York « 12 1
Boston 2 12 3
Batteries — McGlnnlty and Warner: Willis
and Motan. Umpires — Zimtrer and EmsUe.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CHICAGO, June 21. — To-day's game was a
pitchers' battle. In ¦rt'hlch the locals won In
the ' ninth Inning, a base on balls followed by
two singles scoring the winning run. • Attend
ance 7000. Score:
Chicago 2 4 1
Cleveland 1 7 1
Bat fries — Owen and Sullivan; Donahue and
Abbott.- - .
ST. LOUIS, Jane 21. — The Detroit American
League team defeated Ft. Louis here to-day.
Mullin pitched aa effective game, allowing
only six hits. . He was well supported In tTie
field. Attendance 800. Score:
R. H. E.
6t. Louis O 6 3
Detroit .........%.......... S » 0
Batteries — Slerers and Eugden; Mullin. and
ITllllluT
WASHINGTON. June 21— Cbesbro'a mas
terly pitching enabled New York * to . defeat
Washington to-4ay. He held the Washington
team down to four hits, three betns of the
scratch order. Moran'i two errors let in all
of New York'* runs. Attendance 2000. Score:
QSMSGBHSSBBBBn n, H. e.
Washington ..0 4 3
New York .3. 8. 0
Batteries — Patten and Drill; Chesbro and
McGulre.
At ¦ Philadelphia — Boston-Philadelphia gun*
postponed; rain.
Mike Lynch Defeats the St. Louis
Nationals Upon His First Appear
ance in the Box.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
COLLEGE TWIRLER A SUCCESS
IX BIG LEAGUE CO3IPANY
HURDLE RECORD EQUALED
BY* RIO SIIAXXOX AT SEATTLE
NEW YORK, June 21. — The entries
for the Sheepshead Bay races to-mor
row are heavy and of marked class.
The complete entry follows:
First rac«. five furlongs of Eclipse course,
maiden two-year-olds — Revel 105, Nightmare
105. Danseuse 10S, Be!Ie IHxon 105. Norallght
IC.-> Calmness 105. Sparkling 105, Linda Rosa
105. Kiamesha 1C5, Novena 10S. Candida 105,
Fountain 105. Salt and Pepper 1C5. Vassar Girl
105, Baroque 105. Black Cat 1C5 Antimony
105. Ismaillan 105, Blessings Last 105, Katie
Caffrey 105.
Second race, six and a half furlong* on main
track, handicap— Mizzen 120, Douro 122 Whor
ler 120, Dalesman 118, Honlton 115, Lux Caata
112, Rosetlnt 111. Lady Amelia 110. Hortensla
108. Montr*, f-on 100. Lady Uncas 104 Martin
mas 90. Monte Carlo 92. Grenade 82, Illyxia
S6. (Whorler and Hortensla, Duryea entry.)
Third race. live and a half furlongs on main
track two-year-olds — Niblick 115. Amberjack
115.^ Buttllnjr 115 Blandy 115. Invader 115.
Red Friar 115, Councilman 115, Virgo 112,
Golden Green 112.
Fourth race, one mile and one furlong, the
Mermaid stakes — Beldame 126, Audience 121,
Graceful 116 Dimple 116. Bridlepath 111, Lit
tle Em 111, Possession 111.
Fifth race, one mile, three-year-olds and up —
Homestead 128, Dalesman 126. Phaon 126,
Akela 123. Buttons 123, Sabot 121. Garnish 111.
Mercury 1CS, Ancestor 106.
Sixth race, one and a quarter miles on turf,
selling— Tantalus Cup 10", The Rhymer 103.
Sir Roche 103, Hyland 103 Phaon 101. Gold
Van 101. Flura 100, Patasonian 100. Briar
thorpe 07, Nic Longworth 06. Mary Worth 03.
Lord Melbourne 93, Tom Lawson 03. Sabot OJ,
Nlsrrette 03, St. Gallen 92, Coppella 87, Brook-
Weather clear. Track fast.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY ENTRIES.
SEATTLE, June 21.— San Francisco
made a whirlwind finish, but could
not quite catch Seattle in to-day's
game. Charlie Hall, the Ventura lad,
pitched a lucky game up to the sev
enth inning. That San Francisco had
a long row of poose egg? was due to
the sensational fielding of the men be
hind Hall at critical points rather
than to his magnificent pitching. In
the seventh, with two men on bases.
Miller hit the ball to third. Dele
hanty touched the bag and threw to
first ahead of the runner. Umpire
Brown would not allow the double,
claiming the ball went foul. Seattle
was so far in the lead that she did
not make a serious kick. San Fran
cisco immediately set the ball rolling
and with a couple of hits and errors
by Brashear and R. Hall got five runs.
In the ninth Meany and Irwin got hits
•which gave one run. after one was
out. Anderson reached first on R.
Hall's error, but Townsend struck out
end Wilson caught Anderson at sec
ond, saving the game for Seattle. The
¦core:
Eeattfe— I Ban Frandfeo—
- -~_ *?-?" H ' P "\; AB.R. H. P.A.
Vrmrrycf S 2 1 1 O Miller.Cb. 4 o o 4 l>
liolcr.2b. 2 1 0 3 S HUdbd.If 4 113 0
Dlhty.Sb 6 12 4 2 Wldrn.cf 5 12 2 0
lYiakAf.. 2 2 2 0 0 Meany.rf 5 2 2 10
Btnltturl. 4 12 1 ©;irw1n,3b. 5 0 2 0 0
Rrmier.Jb 4 0 0 10 0 Andrsn.s 4 0 0 2 2
n.H*U.t. 4 0 2 3* Tirr.sd.lb 50051
<miaon.e. 2 0 0 6 2 Gorton, c. 4 10 6 1
C&alLp. 4 0 0 0 l|Kcell.p.. 3 10 13
TctaJ».*0 7 0 27 14! Totala.39 « 7 24 9
RUNS ANT> HITS BT INXITCGS.
E-Mtle 20500000 x— 7
B*M hits 10411101 z— 9
•aa Francisco ...00000050 1 6
Ba*« hlta 2010902V 2—7
SUMMARY.
Aims Brashear 4. R. Hall 4. SI-ar.y 2, Ir
»1n. KaeU. Two-base hit — Irwin. Stolen base
— FVtBk. Sacrifice hit* — Mohler 2 Wilson
Double Play* — Delehanty to Mohler to Brash
ear; Wuion to R. Hall. Bases on called balls
— OS C Hall 1. off Knell 4. Bases on hit by
pitched bail— By C. Hall «. by Knell L Struck
oat— By C. Hall 8. by Knell 3. Left on bases
Seattt* t. £aa Francisco 10. Time cf fame
1 fcour asfl 47 minutes. Umpire — Tom Brown.
FAST FINISH OF UNCLE'S 3IEN.
ST. LOUIS, June 21. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at the Fair
Grounds follow:
First race, nlne-alxteenths of a ml>, mai
dens, gelling— Red Leaf 108, Wakeful IC3. Vlo.a
Faith 103. Lady Lou 103, Algetna 10S. Sonyrv
1C3 Pique va. Aspatia 98. Boundins Ship
9S ' Pharmacy 98.
• Seoord race. »ix furlcc**. eelltnc— Suara I0T.
Stlr.g 1C7, Goody Two Shoes 103, Lady Con
trary 102, Dottie Shute ICO. Crimo 100. Suiia
Letcher 07 Fercnia 95. Maghoni 93.
Third ra'c» — Thirteenth-sixteenths of a mile,
selling— Jerry Hunt 107. Alflo 103. Job Gosa 102.
Kins Fox II 04. Pretension Sfci.
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles. handi
cap—Flying Torp«-do 1C8, J'JdM Hlme» K'7.
Jcrdan loO. Old Stone 07, Hymettus 02, Falk
land Si.
Fifth race, five furlnnps— Trourers VX. Brad.
*rar!ln 1C«. Chicago Lad ICC. Blmek Art 106.
Milton Touns 106. Wocdlanis 101.
Sixth race, thirteen-sixteenth* of a mi!-,
soiling — Velasquez 107, Orient 98. Frank Col
lins S5. Trarsetter 9*. Mordella 91. Our
LIHie 89. ? ¦ -
Weather cloudy. Track muddy.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
The spectators who attend the annual
baseball game between the firemen and
police at Recreation Park on Sunday
will receive more than their money's
worth. In the first place they will be
aiding two worthy charitable Institu
tions, as thevreceipts will be divided
between the funds of the two depart
ments devcted to the widows and or
phans.
They will also aid in honoring a hero,
August Engelke, an humble employe
of the Fire Department, who, In the
discharge of his duty recently, saved
the life of a little child. His heroic
act is to he suitably rewarded. He will
These are not to be Engrelke's only
rewards, as the Fire Commissioners
have granted him a- two months' leave
of absence and a trip to the St. Louis
Exposition. ¦>
The baseball game, will be worth go
ing: a long distance ; to see. The bat
teries will be Fitzgerald and Lindeberg
for the firemen and Birdsall and Esola
for the police.
receive the Scannell medal for bravery,
a bronze medal from the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children and
a gold watch from Colonel Andrews.
The presentation speech will be made
by Fire Commissioner Parry and the
thousands of spectators can add their
mite in the form of cheers.
STARS OF THE FIRE DEPARTMENT TEAM— PITCHER TOM FITZPATRICK IS
SHOWN IN ACTION. WHILE CAPTAIN T. MURPHY IS SEEN* GUARDING
FIRST BASE AND J. WALSH IS SLIDING TO THE BAG.
TACOMA, June 21. — "With Pitcher
Kecfe invincible the Tigers could have
defeated the Boston Americans to
day. Not an error occurred until the
ninth, when Doyle, who was playing
for Egan, made a fumble, but it was
not costly. Egan was on the bench
with a sore wrist. The Oaklanders
< ould not hit Keefe, who struck out
eleven men. Schlafley was the only
runner to reach second on his hit, a
j^acrifice. Sheehan, Nordyke and Ca
jsey played in championship form.
Tacoma scored Lynch In the fifth,
after he had been hit by a pitched
ball, took second on Casey's hit and
vas brought home on bunts by Gra
ham and Hogan. In the sixth Doyle
doubled, Sheehan sacrificed, Xordyke
went out at first. McLaughlin scored
Doyle on a hit and Schlafiey's costly
error saved Lynch. Casey's two-base
hit brought McLaughlin and Lynch
home. This is the first same Buchan
an has lost since St. Vrain shut out
The Commuters here on April 30.
Score:
Ttsoa^— I Oeklasd—
XB.R. H. P. A. AB.n. H. P.A.
rx^-le^.. $ 1 3 1 l'Gwily.rf. 3 0 0 10
Ffcchn.Sb 2 0 0 2 2 Francki.s 4 0 0 12
KnJ>k.lfc 4 O 1 12 0 Dnlvy.cf. 4 0 0 2 0
McJJuUf 3 110 0 Schfly.2b 3 0 10 2
Lynch.cf. 8 2 O O O. Krugr.lf. 2 0 12 0
Ca«ey.2b. 4 0 2 2 l\ Devrx.Sb 2 0 0 1 o
Griiac. 2 0 0 10 SStrelb.lb 3 0 1 11 0
Hor«a.rf. 2 0 0 0 0 Byrne,c. 3 0 0 6 2
K*ef«.p.. 3 0 0 0 4 Buchn.p. 3 0 0 0 4
ToUlt 2« 4 T 27 11: Totals 27 0 8 24 13
BUICS AXD HITS BT INXINGS.
Taeetna 0 0 0 0 1 8 0 0 x— 4
Bas« h!tc 0 0 0 113 11 x— 7
CKiri o o o • o o o o o—o
B*s« bitt 0 10 0 10*1 0—3
ETJIMART.
Drro™— Der>. Shlafley. Struck oat— Br
K"«tfe 31. by Buchanan 5. Base* on balls — By
Xe^fe -. by Buchanan 1. Hit by pitcher — By
Buchanan 2. Two- base hlt» — Doyle. Casey.
First base ca errors — Tacoma 1. Oakland i.
named runs— Tacoma 1. Sacrifice blu — Shee
han. McLattgblln. Graham. Megan. Kruger.
Doable plays — Graham to Sh»-han; Caney to
Nordyke. Left on bases — Tacoma 4. Oakland
S. Time eT game — One hour and 35 minutes.
Umpires — McDonald and McCarthy.
STAIttJKCa OF THE CLUBS.
(Psclflo Coaat Xieafu*.)
W. I*. Pct.j % W. I*. Pet.
Tumna. 47 SB .fi73 Seatti* 43 ST .B3S
I-o# Ant-ale*. 46 ?.6 .561 S. Francisco. 35 4ft .438
Oakland ....45 £8 .656 Portland 25 S2 .323
POLICE THIRST
GOES UNSLAKED
In Jeffries' party were the champion's
wife, Mr. and Mrs. William Delaney
and Kid Eagan. After leaving the train
the party. went to the Gas Kitchen, of
which the champion's friend, John
Marcovich. is proprietor, for dinner.
Upon completing the repast Jeffries
proceeded to the Hotel Metropole. where
Eugene Van Court and a few intimate
acquaintances of the boxer visited him
in his apartments. •
Kid Kagran, who was with Jeffries
during his stay of two months at Har
bin Springs, said last night that the
big fellow was glad to get back to Oak-
Innd. where he could receive additional
medical attendance, as he was growing
somewhat impatient with the incon
venience caused him by his injured
knee. On the train Jeffries occupied
two seats in order to stretch and rest
his injured limb. Delaney and Easran
asserted that outside of seeing that Jef
fries' knee is restored to its normal
condition as soon as possible no other
plans have been mapped out for the
future. When Jeffries is again well and
strong, Earan stated, the party would
go back to Harbin Springs, if the
match with Munroe is a certainty, and
will commence the routine work of
training all over again.
Jack Jeffries and Joe Kennedy, who
acted as the champion's sparring mates
at Harbin Springs, came down from
there on Monday. Jack Jeffries left
immediately for his parents' home near
Los Angeles, while Kennedy came to
this city.
Champion James' J. Jeffrie's and party
arrived in. Oakland last evening from
Harbin Springs. After dining at the
Gas Kitchen the big pugilist limped to
the Hotel Metropole and went to bed,
where, according: to Dr. W. S. Porter,
who was called to treat the giant box
er's injured knee, Jeffries will probably
remain for some days. Three visits
were paid by the physician to the
.champion's apartments last night and
the lame leg was carefully examined
and bandaged. In speaking of Jeffries'
game limb Dr. Porter said:
"My examination disclosed consider
able swelling about the knee, due to
water gathered there. This causes the
stiffness of which the patient com
plains. Jeffries will have to give the leg
sufficient rest, or else the swelling may
increase and thus cripple him iqr some
time: As he is now, he would be like
a man going into a ring on crutches. It
may he that the injury will require Jef
fries to stay in bed ten days or two
weeks. We can tell better in a few
days what the outcome of the injury
will be. 'iC. ¦': :¦ >.\
Intends to Go Back to His
Mountain Retreat When
He Is- Pronounced Strong
Buchanan, the Commuter's
Twirler, Loses His First
Game in Past Seven Weeks
ONE BEACHES SECOND
WILL EETURNTOHAEBIN
Time. 1:53 1-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, P. Ryan's b. h. by Ben d'Or-Sierra
Madra. Stllicho, Colonsay. Ascetic, finished as
named.
SIXTH RACE— One and an eighth miles;
handicap: for three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »; Fin.
2 to 1— Ben McDhui. 97 (Hldbd) 2 12 1 2>J
Even— Grey Friar, 110 (O'Neill) 1 2 2 25
15 to 1— Mabon. 92 (Jones) 5 5 10 3m
FIFTH RACE— About two miles; the Intro
ductory steeplechase handicap; for four-year
olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, .Jockey. St. % Fin.
C to 5 — Lavator. 160 (Mara) 5 11 1 1>4
5 to 1— Fly. Buttress, 140 (Flngan) 9 * 1 25
4 to 1— Fulminate, 150 ((Ray)... 8 3 2 3 12
Time, 4:07. Start good. Won easily. Winner,
J. W. Colt's ch. g. by Salvator-Hotjprings.
Connover. Paulaker. Silver Twist, Candling,
Bermuda King. Big Gun. Walter Cleary, Dart
man, Buck Lodge, finished as named.
Time, 1:26 3-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, E. R. Thomas' ch. c. by Meddler-
Melba. Ormonde's Right, Dolly Spanker,
Witchcraft, Gold Saint, Magistrate, Gold
Dcme, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; the Swift
stakes; for three-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »; Fin.
10 to 1— Stalwart, 111 (Phillips). 3 4 1 1 h
4 to 1 — Bryn Mawr, 130 (Sp°ncr) 5 6 h 2 2Vi
0 to 5«-Broomst!ck. 126 (Burnsj. 6 5 1 3 3^
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 5 — Mimosa. 95 (Hildebrand). 3 3 2 1 Vj
12 to 1— Old England. 110 (Fuller) 5 2 % 2 5
li> to 1 — Cobourg. liw »J. Martin) 2 I '1 X •»
Time, 1 :l.'i. Start poor. Won v driving. Win
ner. J. C. reager's. b. f. by Hamburg -Castaila.
Ascension. Julia M, Letola. Astarita. Ingold,
Unmasked. Toupee, Jack Ratlin, Timpalgne,
St. Daniel, Pemlttal. Rossignal and Happy
Hollow finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs,
The Surf; two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
Kven— Sparkling Star. 114 (Shaw) 0 1 h 1 2
8 to 1— Gilpin. 118 (O'Neill) 3 3h 2n
5 to 2 — Tonjrorder. 118 <L.yne) 6 5 h 3 }i
Time, 1:08. Start fair. Won handily. Win
ner, R. T,. Wilson Jr.'s b..c. by Esher-Sparkle.
KniRht of Pearl. Monamour, Pasadena and Sir
Brillar finished as named.
Richard T. Wilson Jr.'s gold and
green jacket was in front at the close
of the rate for the Surf stakes, worth
$4350 to the winner, Sparkling Star,
which was second to Song and Wine
in the double event on opening day.
Sparkling Star was in receipt of eight
pounds, maiden allowance/and specu
lators could not figure out any com
petitors which had a change to defeat
him, so they took the short price of
fered against him. He won easily.
The contest was for second place.
Togorden gradually closed On Gilpin,
but the latter lasted long enough to
save second money by half a length.
The time was 1:08. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlonga;
two-year-olds; selling:
Betting. . Horse, Weight. Jockey St. »i Fin.
20 to 1— Highborn. 1(M (Crimmins) 11115
7 to 1— Ike S, 112 (Fuller) 3 2h 2 1
7 to 1— Consuelo II, 100 (Desouza) 2 3h 3>i
Time, 1:08. Start poor. Won easily. Wln
.ner, D. Gideon's b. f. by His Highness-Inver
may. Winchester. Carrie Jones, Virgo. Limer*-
Ick. Annie Russell, Sailor Boy^Jack McKeon,
Golden ¦ Buck. The Chanticleer. Torchelle. St.
Ann, Harpoon, Sachem and J. H. O'Brien fin*
lshed aa named.
SHEEPSHEAD BAT, June 21. —
Beaten, but not disgraced, was th©
verdict of all who saw Bryn Mawr's
efforts in the Swift stakes to-day at
the Coney Island Jockey Club course.
He failed to get, up in time to avert
defeat. The winner was E. R. Thomas'
Stalwart, whioh had In one race at
Gravesend (that won by Dekaber) ex
hibited a rare turn of speed, although
beaten. .-/-.;
Time. 1:13 3-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner E. Corrlgans ch. c. (3> by Handsome-
Illisee. A. D. Gibson lie. Charlie Miller 98,
finished as' named.
FIFTH P.ACE— Six furlongs; purse; three
year-olds and up.
Betting. Horse. Weisrht. Jockey. St. »« Fin.
— Clif. Forge. 104 (Sheehan) 4 2 4 12
—Sylvia Talbot. 107 (Otis). 112 2 7
— Komombo. 97 (Robbins).. B 3 n 3 ."!
Time 1:41.' Start poor. 'Won driving. Win
ner, E L. Krlpp's ch. h. (6) by Ormonde-Miss
Brummel. Talpa 102. Havlland 99. Huzzah
105 Port Royal 110, finished as named.
CHICAGO. June * 21.— There will be
no more horse racing at Washington
Park this year and a report was in
circulation to-night that the track will
be abandoned. The stand taken by the
city authorities prohibiting betting In
any form at the track is responsible
for the curtailment of the present
meeting. With the elimination of the
bookmakers racegoers refused to pat
ronize the track. During the last two
days not enough money was taken in
at the gates to pay the employes of
the track, to say nothing of the purses
for the racing, which amounted to an
average of $4000 a day. After the races
had been run off to-day the directors
of the club held a meeting to consider
the advisability of continuing the
meeting for the full twenty-five days,
despite the large sums of money that
would be lost. The decision was reachr
ed to close the gates for the present
meeting at least. The announcement
was made by Secretary Howard that
all stakes left to be decided had been
declared off. Among the stakes left
undecided are the Hyde Park stakes,
the Sheridan handicap, the Young han
dicap and the Wheeler handicap. A
proposition was made to Secretary
Howard to run some of these stakes
at the other tracks, but It was refused,
Howard declaring that If they could
not be decided at Washington Park
they would not be run at all.
It is probable a special meeting of
the Western Jockey Club will be called
at once and the remaining dates of the
South Side course will be apportioned
to the other three race tracks, which
are just outside the city limits.
The Lakeside stakes, worth $2900 to
the winner, was taken by The Mist in
the feature event on the five-race card
to-day. La Londe was second and Re
gale third. Beau Ormonde and Phil
Finch furnished the most sensational
finish of the meeting in the- fourth
race. They raced head and head all
through the final eighth, the farmer
getting up in time to win by a head.
Summaries:
FIRST RACE: — One mile and seventy yards;
selling; three-year-olds and up.
Betting. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. »; Fin.
—Apple. 00 <Oregar) 7 2 4 In
— Telephone., SS (Greenfield) 5 1 1^2 3!5
— L. Crawford. OS (Aubchn) 9 3 h 3 1
' Time. 1:42. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, J. Rodegap's b. c. (3) by Applegate-Hattie
Trowbrldge. Christine 101. Valeat 99. Marl in
IKS, Solon 105, Gloriosa. 69. General Steward 86.
Durbar 84. Frank Me 100, Kankin 99. Pledrich
105, finished as named.
SECOND RACE — Five furlongs; purse; two
year-olds.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
— Olsean. 118 (Munro) 4 In 1 2»4
—Florentine 113 (Hoffer)..S 3 Vi 2 1
— J. SmulskI, 118 (Kenry). 5 2h 32
Time. 1:01 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. G Gre»ner & Co.'s ch. c. by Or
nus-Kittie Gunn. Ivan the Terrible 113. Wal
ter Arnold 113. finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; Lakeside
stakes; two-year-old fillies.
Betting. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
—The Mist. 115 (W. Dugan) S 8 3 1 Ij
—La Londe 120 (Prior)... 4 12 23
—Regale. 115 (Robblns) 7 7 6 .1 h
Time, 1:01 2-5. Start Rood. Won driving.
TVinn«r. W. H. Hammond's ch. t. by Magnet-
Tenebrae. Peggy O'Neal 115, Miss Inez 120.
Intense US. Mum 115. Voltrice 115. finished as
named. -
FOURTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds
and up; handicap.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
— Beau Ormond«».10S rKnpp) 3 2 2^1 h
...\. — Phil Finch. 85 (Aubuchn) 4 1 HiJ J4
— Bragg. 109 (Henry) 1 4 2Vi3 »i
SIXTH RACE— Purse: thre*-year-o!d» aril
up; one mile and seventy yards:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jock?y. St. «i Fin.
7 to 2— Wolfram. 0l» tritoval) 6 1 10 1 i
Z, to 1 — Gpo Goo. 97 (Hennessey) 8 2n 27
8 to I— Echo Dale. 106 (Bybee).. 1 34 3 1
Time, 1 :5o>. Start socd. Won gallopir:?.
Winner, T. Klley's b. g. <?) by Wasmr-Kari
cy. Eleven r.fl'.s 101. Easter Walters 87. Wai!
108. Barca 107, Memphlan 107. finished as
named.
•' FIFTH RACE — Purse; three-year-olds and
up; six furlongs:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %, Fin.
7 to Jerry Hunt. 109 (Austin) 1 14 l^
7 to 1— Shortcake. 95 (Davis).... 3 22 21
8 to 1 — Sol Smith, 82 (Hennessy). 7 S 1(> 3 n
Time. l:21'i. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. B. 6chreiber"8 b. s. <?) by Servitor-
Innocence. Riat\ Ruben 100. Stemptown 10S.
Mohave 106, Ciales ICO. Dr. Kier 110, finished
as named.
FOUF.TII RACE— Three-year-olds and up;
six (urlonzs :
Bettlntf. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1 — Clr. the Arena. Oo (Davis) 5 Sh 1 H
13 to 5— Elastic. 121 (Dale) 2 14 2 i a
5 to 1 — Warte Nicht.KW (Andsn) 7 6 3 a 1.'
Time. l:20U- Start good. Won driving.
Winner, Mrs. T. J. Kettleman's br. f. <3) by
Prince of Monaco-Sue II. Alic« Turner 90,
Mainspring 100. Autumn Leaves 97. Ma::. >
II 10<5, finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; two-year
olds:
li.-ttir.fr. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
7 to 10— Dishabille. 10* (Crawfrd) 1 1 10 1 13
2 to 1 — Princess Orna.10-1 <Astn) 2 2« -i
15 to 1— Miss Powell. lOi (Neely) 3 U 5 3 S
Time. l:U5',i. Start good. Won pulled uo.
Winner. C. C Bennett A Co.'s b. f. (2) b/
King's Counsel-Nifhtgown. Monaco Maid VH,
also ran.
SECOND RACE: — Six furlongs; thre«-year
olds and up; purse: *:¦_ ., „
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ¦* Tin.
6 to 2.— Tom Klley. 8tt (Austin)... 10 4 2 1
8 to 1— Lacache. 107 (Howell) 8 2: 21'J
6 to 1— Bride. 89 (Perkins) -i 6 ft 3 n
Time. 1:21%. Start good. Won driving.
Y.'inner. T. Kiley & Co.'s ch. g. (.1) by St.
I'ancras-Yolande II. Burrows 91. Minnie John
son 84 Erbane SB. Pocassat SO, Faronia lw,
Daddy Bender »7. Gayoso tit. Ula Noel 107.
Charlie Grainser 104. finished as named.
ST. LOUIS. June 21. — Elastic finally
had his measure taken In to-day's fea
ture at six furlongs. Clear the Arena,
with light weight up, caught the tir
ing Lemp horse on the post. Warte
Nicht would have beaten both in a
few Jumps.
The going: was heavy. A biff crowd
dallied with the thirty bookmakers.
Hermls arrived this afternoon from
the East to run In the $50,000 handi
cap on Saturday. AlcChesney and Art
ful will arrive from Chicago Thurs
day. Summary:
FIfcST RACE — Four and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse:
Bettlngr. Hor»e, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to V-Loyal Street. Ill (Bridwel) 2 2 .1 1 .7
7to2— Pillar. 10O (Anderson) « 5h 2S
3 to 1 — Preventative. 1WJ (Undsy) 1 3 a 3 t>
Time, 1:00. Start fa!r. Won easily. Win
ner F. Cook'a b. g. <2> by LonRstreet-Loyal
Marie. Russ 1OJ. Uipper 1CS, Wellwood 1CS.
W. l. Pool ICa. The Drugzlst 100. finished -.*
named. ¦*¦'•".
The Champion Arrives in
. Oakland and Places Him
self Under Physician!s Care
Eleven of Oakland's Batsmen
Swing Wildly at His Of
1 ferings on Tacoma Field
E. E. Thomas' Stalwart Fin
ishes First in Swift Stakes
at Sheepshead Bay.
The Mist Captures the Last
Stake Race on Historic
Course.
Elastic Fails to Win in
the Stretch at St.
Louis.
KEEFE PITCHES
IN GRAND FORM
REST ORDERED
FOR JEFFRIES
WASHINGTON PARK GATES ARE CLOSED
OWING TO OFFICIAL BAN ON BETTING
JEFFRIES ARRIVES IN OAKLAND AND IS ORDERED TO BED FOR TEN DAYS
THEvSAN.FRAKCISCO- CALL, 4 WEDNESDAY, JUNE '22, 1904.
Spectators at Sunday's Match Will Witness
an Exciting Contest and Will Also 'See
the Rewarding of August Engelke, a Hero
FIRE LADDIES AND PATROLMEN
PRACTICING FOR BASEBALL GAME
10
TEN BEALTIFUL.LY
ILLUMINATED
ART SUPPLEMENTS
Beginning with the issne or
July .3,
THE SUNDAY CALL .
Will Issue a- series of the hand-
somest Art Supplements ever
issued by a, paper in the
United States.
Look at this attractive list:
1. "A Grass Widow," by Bry-
son. I /
2. "Footlight Favorites," by
- Bryson.
3. "Temptation," by Bryson.
4. "The Girl In Yellow." by
Bryson.
5. "Innocence,"' by Bryson.
6. "Constance,"- by Rlchtcr.
7. "Rosamond," by Rlchtcr.
8. "Mother and Child," by
Rlchter.
9. "Head Over Heels," by
Brown (II. A.).
10. "A Serious Case," by Rose-
land.
Be sure to collect this series.
" EVERY ONE A WINNER.
THEY ARE HUMMERS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Budweiser
Strictly a
Family Beverage,
~^5^: <^S ¦¦¦ 100,402,500
Bottles Sold in 19O3
lig]Mi|g|F and of this three-fifths was
yjtfiggsff used in homes. A significant
\%r showing, proving the waning:
(SKaipl *Vrv popularity of the sideboard
W ' decanter and promoting: the
f n y\ q t* r\f
True Temperance
Too will 1 not hare seen St. Louis' Greatest Attraction If you faU to visit
the Anhenser-Busch Brewery while attending the World'. Fair!
>¦ ¦ Order* Promptly Filled by . J
EH9N0S
TILLMANN & BENDEL, Distributors, San Francisco, CalitThe committee of arrangements,
having the entertainment In charge,
was headed by Captain Benjamin T.
Crawford, Regimental Bugler Sergeant
W. Buckley and Sergeant- J. Kane,
regimental drummer instructor. The
dance following the entertainment was
conducted by Sergeants BertPolinelli
and James McNamara.
The friends of the Eeague of the
Cross Cadets' witnessed a clever benefit
performance last night at Native Sons'
Hall. The entertainment was ren
dered by pupils q£ the Caldwell School
of Acting and was for the benefit of
the field music of the First Regiment.
A rural comedy drama in four acts,
entitled "In Missouri," was the bill
and a good cast of amateurs pleased
the large audience. The women were
all good; Miss Edna McClure^ as Kata,
and Miss Clare Hampton, asVLisbeth,
winning great applause, while Miss
Irene Billings, as Mrs. Vernon, and
Miss Burnella Langdon, as Emily Rad
bourne, deserve mention. Of the men.
Victor Smith, as Jim Radbourne, and
Fred Clute, as Joe Vernon, were the
best. Barring a tendency to speak
rather low, the play passed without a
hitch.
Play by Clever Amateurs Followed by
Dancing for the Benefit of
Field Music.
LEAGUE OF CROSS CADETS
GIVE AN ENTERTAINMENT
FIRE IX THE PALACE HOTEL.— The fear
tender ia the arrillroom at tha Palac* Hotel
smelled snioke coming frora tile basement
shortly before 4 o'clock on Mcn<iay m'jratns.
He notified John Connor, tfce night watcfemaa.
who discovered a fire under toe grillroom. An
alarm was turned in from box 2>'- r > and the
fire wu speedily extinguished. The damage
was estimated at $5.
Rabbi Isadore Myers left for New
York City yesterday, the object of his
trip being the, publication of several
literary works which he has recently
completed. He will also negotiate
with a prominent cantor to assist him,
with the aid of a male choir, in con
ducting services at Franklin Hall, Fill
more street, this city, during the forth
coming high holldaj-3.
Rabbi Myers Goes East.
California and PacISc Coast visitors
to the St. Louts World's Fair who siay
vrizh. to journey eastward caa reach
principal cities and towns without chanjf
:r.c car* by gQteg over the Van&alia-
PesiiEylvaaia lines, the shortest route
Croa St- Louis to the East, a regular
<laily service of seven through fast ex
r r«-sa trains from St. Louis to Pittsburj
ard the Eaxt enable* passengers to leave
the World's Fair c:ty at convenient
boars throughout the day. Purchasers
cf 2rst-clas« tickets to Philadelphia or
Sfw York over Vandal ia -Pennsylvania
Tines may have them routed via Wash
ington for the asking, permitting a visit
of ten <ta.ys at the national capital and
Baltimore. For further information
coexnur-icate with E. M. Pomeroy, 621
Market street. San Francisco. CaL •
Trip* East From the World's Fair.
The San Francisco Drug Clerks' Asso
ciation will hold its fourth annual out
ing on the evenings of June 24 and 59.
The outings will take the form of a
trolley rida from the city to San
Mateo, leaving Fifth and Market
streets at T:45 o'clock. There will be
dancing and music in the pavilion at
San Mateo.
Drug Clerks* Jloonlisht Ride.
Piijijf transferred to aad from all traisa.
rteamrrs, etc.. at low rates. Oae trunk (single
trip) 35 ceata; rouad trip 50 cents. Uortca
Sp«c!al Delivery. 2CS Taylor St.. «3O Market St..
Oakland Ferry depot. Phone Exchnage isi- •
Notice to Passengers.
In an address A. L. Coombs, the
president of the club, told of forth
coming big event 1 ! and in doing so
spoke of the California Camera Club
as having the largest membership of
any similar club in the United States.
Dr. Thomas Fletcher and Charles
Goe, however, are of the opinion with
others who should-' know, that San
Francisco's organization is the largest
In the world with the exception, prob
ably, of the new London Camera Club.
The next lecture at the club wjll be
delivered on July S' by Professor O. V.
Lange of Berkeley.
Although numerous members of the
California Camera Club left last week
in a body for a visit to the St. Loui.3
Fair and trip through several States.
there was a surprisingly large attend
ance last night at the club's head
quarters, 'Academy of Sciences build
ing. J. M. Gamble, the well-known
painter, lectured on the subject of
composition and criticized lantern
slides which were shown on the
screen.
An Important Statement Is Made at
a Bis Meeting of Members
Last Night.
CALIFORNIA CAMERA CLUB
MAY BE LARGEST IN WORLD
Reliable gas ranges J16 50, regular
price $20, this week only, at S. F. Gas
& Electric Co., 415 Post st. •
I. Povelsen, who conducts an op
tical establishment at 1333 Market
street, was the defendant in the ac
tion. The warrant was sworn out be
fore Judge Conlan and according to
the members of the examining board
in optometry was made largely as a
test case. It 13 thought that in the
event of a conviction the case will be
appealed to the State Supreme Court
to determine the constitutionality of
the legislative creation of the board of
examiners.
The first arrest under the new law
passed by the last Legislature ap
pointing a board of optometry and
empowering it to examine opticians to
determine their atnes3 was made yes
terday afternoon. The .law provides
that all optometrists doing business in
the State must pass an examination
before the board of examiners, which
consists of F. C. Chinn and Heary J.
Cahn of this city and W. H. Hare of
Monterey. -v
Board of KxamliKTS Swnres a War
rant for Arrest of Opticfctq
In This City.
Exceptional Arrau^cnwnts Have Bten
Made in Anticipation of a
RiZ Party.
St. Patrick's parish picnic, which
n:ll be held at sunset Park. Santa
«Jr-jz Mountain?, to-morrow, promises
to siirpass all previous outings of the
piirish..
At a meeting last nlyht the report*
of the different committees showed
that a gr«at many will take advantage
<¦' the enjoympnt promii-ed by a par
t:c-ul*r!y invitingr programme.
Mcsic -will be rendered by a splendid
band and an Irish piper and fiddler
will discourse the bright music for
those who delight in the jiff.
Extraordinary preparations are be
xr-jg made" to accommodate the pic
mclcers and the Rev. Father Barry.
¦a-ho has been elected master of cere
monies. Is working' hard in conjunction
with the various committees to assure
tn% complete raccess of the outinr.
ACTION IS BEGUN TO TEST
> THE NEW OPTOMETRY LVW
I'IU:PA RATIONS COMPLETE
FOlt ST. PATIUCK'S PICMC
Mcs. Clara Reavey sued the United
Railroads yesterday for $30,000 for
the death of her husband. Andrew J.
Reavey. He was run into by a car on
Bryant street and died from his in
juries. The complaint alleges tfut the
accident was due to the unusual speed
at which the car was running and the
fact that no warning bell told Reavey
of its approach.
Philip N. Kelly has sued the United
Railroads for 510,100 damages for per
sonal Injuries alleged to have been sus
tained on May 15 by his being thrown
from a car on Mission road. He says
that the car was running at a high.
Mrs. Reavey Asks for $5?.U00 and
Philip N. Kelly Wants SI 0.000
From United Railroads.
WIDOW DEMANDS DAMAGES
FOR DEATH OF HUSBAND
San Francisco — A. Kccbet, Mlas Fanr.le
Fris-drnan. Mi»a Sallle Friedman. Mrs. W w
Hoa_. C. E. Hide. Fred H. BUckman, PaaJ
K. Yo«t. D. Wtcslow, William Winslow,
Archie A- Tisdatl. Mrs. A. A. TUdall, A E.
Bailey, M. D. Bailey. P.ichard Schmidt. Ernest
Hueter. Miss Web*r, Mr. and Mrs. Gostav
Outseh. Mhx Schmidt. Mrs". Kdwurr! «alr M
II. Sili. Edwar.l Sals. M. H. Sals Jr., Frederick
I L<ong. Paul Kahiiemana. WlUUm A. BauviUe
E. C»s well. H. B. Amidon.
Lo» Anseles — Jason Rose, H. C. Oakley and
wife, iCr». Zenana II. Curtis, F. L. Mellne and
wife. Mrs. P. Mlnton. Al C. Baesmiller, O.
W. Corson and wife, ty. D. Stepnlno. R. fcl.
CinsraoQl, Lucille R. Clamler, Hazel Houston.
Mr». Houston. Mrs. C. C. Gibbons, Charles
Hadley, Mrs. E. C- Bower. Fred Karen. Miss
Pauline. Pm.nl Wlnton. Mr. and Mrs. D. r*.
Gibba. Mrs. G. Williamson. F. B. Willits. W
W. wants. Mrs. F_ B. Willits. C C. Gibbons,
R. L Harden, F. A. Miller.
Oakl&nd — L. M. Morgan, Thomas F. Feener,
ST. LOUI3, June 21.— The follow
ing Californians are registered at the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition:
Fair Records Show Pre«*«Tiee of Large
Niftnber of Native Sons and
Daughters.
CALIFORNIA SENDS MANY
VISITORS TO EXPOSITION*
Santa Clara County is giving two |
! cooked prunes each to 2000 people a]
i day now at Its prune palace, and this
'flood cf customers will become vastly
! greater as the days go on. The giving
I away of thl* delicious fruit is drawing
hundreds to the Palace of Agriculture,
and thousands are learning the excel
lence of California prunes. A box of
uncooked prunes lies open for all who
wish to taste them In that form. The
samplers are mostly ladies, and all ex
press the highest appreciation of the
size and flavor of thi3 California pro
duct- Merchants from various cities
have watched the demonstration and
congratulated the San Jose people on
their socce«s. "The only way," they
say. "to pet an article properly before
"Bring me that tank of spray,"
shouted Commissioner Hyde of Santa
Clara, who is never lost in an emer
gency.
Some cne brought the exhibit of Quid
used to extinguish the San Jose scale,
and Hyde pumped the young waybacks
full of it. They sat up, and the emer
gency ambulajice was sent for. The
Wayback family wound up its day's
celebration at the hospital.
All this time Childs had been busily
at work on -an arithmetical problem.
He arose and addressed Hyde. I
"It'll take seven unfon !abor men
working nine hours a day four days
and eight hours," he said, "to replace
those prunes; and, worse than that. I'm
all out of aclda for the. preserving
fluid."
AMBtXA2>»*CE IS CALLED.
"Oh, yes. madam," replied Childa
briskly. "We pipe it all the way from
San Jose."
Mrs. Wayback's exclamation of as
tonishment was drowned by four
groans of agony from around the cor
ner of the palace, followed by a pot
pourri of shrieks. Everybody rushed
around there and found the four lit
tle Waybacks writhing on the floor
with their hands on their stomachs.
Two square feet of prunes were rnlas
ins from the wall, tacks and all.
The old couple ate prunes with a j
relish and then took a long drink of !
the clarified Mississippi broth that |
runs from the faucet at the Santa .
Clara demonstrating «tand.
'That's California water, too, 1 1
guess." said Mrs. Wayback.
BY PAUL EDWARDS.
CALL BUREAU, WORLDS FAIR.
ST. LOUIS. June 21. — Uncle Jasper ;
"vTayback of Last Chance. Ark., stood j
with his wife and the four Juvenile j
Waybacks in front of Santa Clara
County's goregous "palace of prunes"
in the California exhibit- They had |
been told of it over in Last Chance [
and it was their first quest after they j
had got by the gold brick and wiener
wurst men at the portals and stood
amidst the dazzling wonders of the i
exposition. [
"I wonder, Jasper, could them be {
real prunes?" asked Mrs. "Way back, j
dizzied by the prodigal use of fruit for |
building purposes.
"Must be, liaria," said Jasper,
equally astonished. "I guess there
ain't nuthin* to beat this in the hull
fair. Why, there must be $400 wuth
of prunes there. That 'd buy a farm."
"Mister, are them real prunes
there?" demanded Mrs. Wayback of
Lloyd Childs. custodian of the ex
hibit.
"Yes, indeed, madam," replied
Childs. «
"Good to eat?"
"Finest in the world; come in and
try some."
Jasper Wayback and his wife
passed into the prune palace. The
Juvenile Waybacks took their finger3
from their mouths. Enlightenment
had burst upon them.
E. Thelen, the National City banker,
and his brothers, Conrad Thelen of Ne
braska and Gus Thelen of Germany,
are holding a pleasant reunion at the
fair. They had not met before In many
years.
R. C. Baird of the Bank of Califor
nia is visiting the exposition.
G. TV". Marsh of San Francisco is her*
to install the exhibit to be made by
his firm in the San Francisco building.
Janney went home, satisfied with his
wcrk. A few days ago C. A. Black of
San Miguel, who is the commissioner
for the two counties, came tere with
his wife. They had convulsions when
they ?aw the "birds* nest." Black at
once had rlans drawn for an ornate
mission structure. It will have three
pillars in front, and on top will be two
pyramids for preserved fruit. It will
be finished in white, with decorations
of poppies and natural long moss un
der the direction of Mrs. Black. The
structure will be finished in a few
days.
About 100 pounds of prunes are being ;
given away each day now. Fourteen j
tons have been gent on by growers, and ¦
more will be forwarded when needed, j
There is no limit to the supply for dis- .
tribution purposes, as this is to be the j
feature of Santa Clara's work at the\
fair. Half a million pamphlets with j
recipes for cooking prunes and other j
dried fruits properly are to be given ;
away. The Prune Palace perhaps bear3 j
more dried apricots and peaches on its j
walls than it does prunes, but the lat- I
ter fruit shows more prominently be-j
cause of its color, and gives the struc
ture Its name.
REBUILDING TIIEIR BOOTH. f
San Luis Obispo and 'Monterey coun
ties are rebuilding their booth in the
California exhibit. They have decided i
that the first structure erected Is utter- I
ly unworthy of their importance and I
progress. They have torn It down and
have nearly completed a booth that
will be as fair to look upon as any.
R. L. Janney of Paso Robles, who
came here first as representative of!
these two counties, had artistic ideas [
of his own. He erected what he called j
a "grape arbor." but which looked like |
an Indian shack on the plains of New
Mexico. Under this were displayed the j
jars of fine fruit and other exhibits sent
on by San Luis Obispo and Monterey.
The other county commissioners looked
askance at the structure and referred I
to it as the "birds' nest." Its roof waa
a cereal thatch.
the public. The sale of Santa Clara j
rruns should increase." Frenchmen :
from the French section in the build- i
ing have sampled and confessed that ¦
their country produces no better j
prunes.
GENERAL VIEW OF THE PRUNE PALACE IN THE SANTA iXARA CDWTt
EXHIBIT. ONE OF THE MOST ATTRACTIVE DISPLAYS IN THE AGRI
CULTURE BLILJJING AT THE LOUISIANA PURCHASE EXPOSITION.
Hollywood— F. M. Bravender.
Hanta PauUt — Mn. C W. MeCray.
Ferndale — Mrs. A. Loveland, Mrs. J. G. H.
Frost^. Howard Frcst.
Edwin Letta Oliver. William Oliver, A. L
Oliver. E. L. Moore, Robert Stewart, P^ul
Stewart. Mrs. Metvin W. B>wrd?ley.
Berkeley— N. H. Reveal. W. C. Reveal. I.
Rev»a!. L. Reveal. Arthur S. Eakle, Char!e3
A. EUU.ri. David E. Eckhard.
i=aRt4 Barbara — t'herir.an H. Stow. Mary J
WIUUmaoB. S B. Schau*r. wif* and children.
Riverside — Mr». J. J. Tibbet. J. F. Tibb<£.
San Rafael— Max A. Schmidt, Arthur W.
fester Jr.. Robert J». Foster.
San Plesro — Ethel Reed. V. Reed.
Fresno — Mrs O. Turner lira. C. R. Bonsel.
Mr. an<*~3**g- G. A. Smith.
Pasaieaa— Jainea Paiey. C. V,'. Smith and
family.
Long Beach— F. B. Harris. Mrs. W. XI. Judd
Redlands — Mrs. J. E. Brookings, Gecfgre B.
Osurood.
AUme-ia— Mrs. G. B. Osg-ood. Mrs. L. A. Oa
cood.
Eureka— P. McGaraghln.
Lemcore— Mr. an-5 Mrs. A. B. Buckner.
Arcata— Mrs. E. J. Brown.
Watsonville — Mrs. E. M. Fulmer, L. R. Ful
mer.
Vlaalia— Mr. and Mrs. M. E. Wishoa.
Maxysville — J.ihn Roth.
Ventura — Mrs E. Juno.
Cotnptcn — N. E. Dinsinoor.
Markleeville — Mrs. C. T. Chaw.
I-etnpoc — A. McLean.
Ventura — D. Roy;-.
Rinta Pa*o — Ed Wilson.
Partrte Grove — Dr. K. H Smith. Mrs. E. Zt.
Smith. H. Smith. H. F. Sax* Arthur C. Sair.
Hxrt Brajrj?— Mrs. D. K. Ward.
Haywards — J, D. Armstruaj, Mrs. Arm
strong.
Auburn — M. T. Attinb»rry and wife.
Martin?*— Mrs. James Stewart, Lizzie Stew
art.
Monter-y— Mrs. F. A. Schaufele. Mrs. R.
Cfcambre.
The "toy pistol committee" is
armed with alarming statistics culled
from the Journal of the American
Medical Association, showing the ex
tent of the injuries sustained through
the use of explosives last year.
Mrs. Johnson, speaking for the com
mittee, says that there i3 a city ordi
nance here against the sale of toy
pistols and explosives- to minors un
der 17, but it is violated ont only fcy
the merchant but also by the ! fond
mother, who. having no heart to re
fuse her offspring anything in the
world, heeds his pleading and places
the danger in his hand, blind to the
possible fatal result.
A movement is on foot, instigated
by the "toy pistol committee" of the
California Club and of which Mrs. T.
J. Johnson is chairman, to educate
citizens to the danger of the toy pistol
and ail explosives in the hands of
minors. In view of the near approach
of the Fourth of July celebration
every effort is being bent toward
reaching not only parent3, but those
who sell explosives, in the hope that
caution and advice may have good
effect in the matter.
California Club Committee Would Pro
hibit Jlinors Usinr Explosives
on Fourth of July.
The demands on the school fund for
labor, miscellaneous supplies, repairs,
»-tc., were approved, allowed and or
dered paid.
Director Lawrence F. "Walsh was
ci*ctM president pro tern, of the
Board of Education during theabsen.ee
of Director Alfred Roncovieri from
the State.
Misses Elizabeth Vincent, Daisy
Starr ar.d May E. Kelly, Ed Gould.
Misses Susan Vincent, Pauline Ryder
and Mabel Blum, Edgar Muller. Misses
Florence Nippert, Mabel Keller, Mabel
Stuart, Grace Sullivan, Mabel H.
Miller. Sadie M. Kilpatrick, May
Keares, Lillian Clarkson, Margaret
Johnston, Ly<2a Wilson. Blanche Mac
cuaig. Lsabelle Evans, Siona Bonne
vilie, Dora A. Savage. Jessie McClel
lan. Eloise Nolan and Marie Dor.ohue.
M. Doyle, supervisor of manual
training, reported that the attendance
of pupils taking the course has in
< rea^d from 1728 liLSt year to 1900.
His request for the establishment" of
an additional laboratory and the ap
roir.tment. of one more instructor waa
taken under advisement.
The Board of Education met yes
terday and appointed the following
teachers on the substitute list in the
order of their standing la the recent
competitive examinations:
Board of Edncation Selects Hizhest
Contestants in Competitive Exami
nation for i:\ira Duty.
APPOINTS TWENTY- FIVE
SUBSTITUTE TEACHERS
MOVEMENT AGAINST
.. DEADLY TOY PISTOL
Information on all these features Is
found hi "Vacation 1304." which contains
over 150 pages, and which is richly il
lustrated. The cost of maintenance at
each place is also given from $7.00 per
week upward.
"Vacation 1304" may be had at the of
fices of the California Northwestern
Railway, or by mail, in response to a re
quest addressed to the General Passen
ger Agent. San Franci3co.
Of course, you are going to have a pe
riod of rest this year, but do not decide
as to where you will pass thi3 season
nntll after you have read "Vacation
1304."' This is a book issued annually by
the California Northwestern Railway
Company, which gives information re
garding the many rest and pleasure re
sorts to be found on that road. These
resorts are numerous enough and varied
enough to Bupply thousands of people
with whatever may be needed In tho way
of relaxation ar.d recreation, and at
prices which may suit every one's pocket.
To begin with, there is no prettier part
of California than that through which
winds the California Northwestern, Rail
way. This is. in itself, a pleasure, and
this !s enhanced by the splendid equip
ment of the road and the ceaseless
watchfulness, care and unfailing cour
tesy of the employes.
Aside from the attractive features of
the road, the country traversed by it is
richly endowed with mineral springs,
which restore health and vigor to the
ailing: woods and copses in which same
abounds, running water and lakes in
which swimmihg and boating may be in
dulged, and streams from which the
trout may be drawn In all its beauty.
While enjoying thesa. people may live in
tents, farm houses or hotels, just as in
clination suggests.
by the California Northwestern
Railway.
Hints Given In Free Book T*ublished.
WHERE TO SPELVD VACATION*.
The managers of the asylum are re
quired to show causa before Jud?e Sea
well on Tuesday next why a permanent
injunction should not be granted
against their making a contract with
Wheaton, Pond & Harold. Plaintiff's
Attorney Titus states that th*? ca3e will
be pushed unrelentingly. Already he
has secured permission from the At
torney General'of the State to proceed
against the board of managers in the
name of the A. L.. Lundy Company and
assistance may be given the complain
ant from the legal department of the
State.
The complaint alleges that the A.
L. Landy Company submitted a bid for
furnishing butter, cheese and eK?s to
the asylum previous to June 15. on
which date the advertisement said the
bids would be op3ned. Subsequent to
that date an award was made to
Wheaton, Pond & Harold. As a conse
quence, it is claimed the State will
Io?e more than $2000. - .
The complaint is a lengthy one and
in effect alleges that awards for the
supplies for the use of the institution
were granted to Wheaton. Pond & Har
old, although this firm's bid was cotr
siderably higher thin that ma.de by
the A. L. Lundy Company for the
same products.
The board of managers of the Xapa
State .Asylum for the Insane has been
temporarily restrained from granting
to Wheaton. Pond <& Harold a contract
for supplying butter," cheese and eg,g3
to the asylum -for the- ensuing year.
The restraining order was issued yes
terday by Superior Judge Seawell. upon
the application of Louis Titus, who is
acting as attorney for the A. L. Lundy
Company, dealers in produce and pro
visions at 121 Davis street.;
The tig freight steamer Algca wu
more seriously damaged by striking on
the sunken rocks oil Point Bonita than
tne first opinion of experts foreshad
owed. She was floated into Hunters
Point drydock tarly yesterday morn
ing, where she now lies as helpless as
a wounded sea monster.
When the great pumps en the dock
tterted to draw the water from under
the freighter the enormous mass of
eteel groaned and complained like a
living thing- As though protesting
against bein^ left stranded out of its
?•leraer.t. the vessel suddenly lurched
to the starboard. Hurriedly Thomas
P. H. YThitela'A-, who h2s charge of the
operation, cave the order to flood the
docks, letting the Algoa rest easily
once more on the massive operating
table for damaged ships.
Again, but more gently, the water
-*as withdrawn from beneath the hull
to » depth of twelve feet. At that
point the freighter once more displayed
u desire to turn turtle. Divers were
sect for. They came late in the after
noon and discov.-ren the cause of the
Aisc&'s strange action. They reported
;hat the bilge keel on the port side had
L>wn partly wrenched from the vessel
a.nd bent downward, preventing her
rettiiac comfortably. Two holes bitten
by the hidden teeth of Point Bonita
were l«x-ated on the same side.
Wrecker White'aw believes he can
by to-morrou- clear away the tangled
ir..is$ that causes the list, that
•- d or.e the great ship will be left high
and dry until the holes are patched and
a new biisre keel is provided.
The Area's injuries were sustained
by bumping against the rocks off Point
Honita on the morning of June 7, while
trying to avoid a collision with the
schocner Compeer, outward bound.
Will Be Necessary to Clear
Away Tangled Wreckage
Before PumpingOut Water
Its contents, he says, saturated his
hat and dress suit and penetrated to
his under garments. Then the lamp
started a tire on the floor of the
car, endangering the lives of the
passengers, including the plaintiff,
but he heroically extinguished the blaze
to the ererlasting ruin of hi3 dress
gloves.
In spite of the accident Mr. and Mrs.
Aten proceeded to the theater and oc
cupied the «eats they had reserved, but
the comments of his neighboring play
poers concerning the redolence of re
fined oil were too much for his sensi
bilities and he left his seat and wife
to stand In the rear during the re
mainder of the performance. For the
damaged clothes he asks judgment in
the sum. of J30O ar.d for the discomfort
and humiliation $250 will do. ¦
Dentist Aten recites, pointedly, that
on March 25 he and his wife started
ff:r_th<* Colombia "Theater "on a Va
lencia-street car. In the course of their
trip townwards a lamp dropped from
ita moorings and struck Mr. Aten upon
the head. ' ¦ . '
These facts, including the values of a
dress suit and wounded pride, "are set
forth in a complaint for damages filed
yesterday in the Superior Court by W.
O. Aten. a dentist, against the United
Railroads. .
A man's outfit, frerar hat to nether
garment?, donned for theater array, is
worth $300. and such an autSt saturated
with Standard oil has an added value
of J£50— the price that must be paid
for the discomfort and humiliation suf
fered because of an offensive odor. Its
a far cry from kerosene to attar of
roses, and while the blue book doesn't
specify what perfume a man shall use
when he goes to the play; It's a safe
guess that the odor of coal oil U not at
all In fashion.
Accusation 3Iade That They j
Rejected Lowest Bid for
Supplies for Institution
Trouble Caused by Falling
Lamp in Street Car Owned
by the United Eailroads
CITED TO SHOW CAUSE
DIVERS FIND THE CAUSE
WANTS $550 DA3I AGES
Lavish Display at St. Louis of the California Product Is
Improving the World's Acquaintance With the Fruits
That Grow in Rich Profusion in the Golden State
Big Freighter's Bilge Keel
Wrenched Off andShe Tries
to Turn Turtle in the Dock
Bestraining Order Against
Xapa Insane Asylum 3Ian
agers Issued by Seawell
Odorous Deluge Also Spoils
Dentist AteiTs Evening at
the Theater, He Alleges
ALGOA'S HULL
RENT AND TORN
SANTA CLARA COUNTY'S BIG PRUNE
PALACE ATTRACTS CROWDS AT FAIR
UNDUE PRICES
ARE ALLEGED
KEROSENE RUINS
HIS DRESS SUIT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", WEDNESDAY, JUNE 22. 1904.
11
TEX BE-\CTIFUIXY
ILXU3UNATED
AirT SUPPLE3IEVTS
Beginning with the issue of
<^ July 3,
THE SUSp&X CALL
Will i"iic a srries of the hand-
Munest Art Sapplemcnts ever
bisucd by a paper in the
United State*.
Look at this attractive list:
-J. -A Grass Widow." by Bry-
J son.
2. "Footli^ht Favorite*," by
Brjson.
3. *^Temptation." by Brywrn.
4. -The Girl in Yellow." by
Drjbon.
5. -Innocence." by Bryson.
6. -Constance."' by Richter.
7. -Rosamond." by Richter.
8. -3fother and Child," by
Richter.
t. -Head Owr Heels," by
Brovm (II. A.).
10. -A Serious Case," by Rose.
land-
Be sure to collect this series.
EVERY O.VE A WIXXERj
THEY ARE HOLMERS.
Eastern
Excursions
DATES— Jane 22. 23, 2&
• July x, 2. 7, 8, 13, 14-
August S, 9, 10, iS. 10,
September 5, 6, 7. 8.
October 3, 4, 5, 6.
LIMITS — Good goinz on day
of sale, with stopover cast
of California; transit limit
10 days. VGood 90 day* for
return; stopover anywhere.
SEE GRAND CANYON
ROUTES— Santa Fe and con-
nections going. Different
route returning if desired.
RATES— ~'^>
St. Louis and return $67.50
Chicago 5" $7-2- 50
New York - $10850
Boston STj $109.50
Philadelphia " $107.50
Jiaa ether Eaatera Potats.
Ti«ae ratea for direct Ilaea.
TRAINS— Tickets are good
on all Santa Fe trains,
including the California
Limited semi-weekly.
ASK US.
SAjfTA jte omc3^-e^2 st»ri«t st.
OAIL.13D — 1113 Brcaiw»7.
BSSIE1ET — Saata T« Dep««.
SANTA FE IS THE WAY.
DEAFNESS
Of Years* Stand- ijtas^
Ing is Quickly -/f*^=a^^
Cured by Ot^^jgfry.
Electro- / \tgjm
Chemistry mvfr*\
EXARIINATION and UTJUU
TREATMENT rivJL.IL
All who are deaf, all who have hea.l
and ear noises, and those who hav*
painful and discharging? ears, all suffer-
ers from Cca«us;ticni. CatarrX AJtazx*.
Bronchitis. Siennatis^. Sasralsria, I""-
ccaotcr Atxxi*, a!! Blood acd Stla Dis-
eases. Stoxnadl, Ut;i *2id Kliaer Dis-
easss and Special Slseases oi Men ant!
Wcmc are at liberty to cone tr» us f^r
an Electro-Cheniic X-Ray Eraaxlnatt^a
and Treatment. Free.
Write for Home Treatm?nt If Yon
Live at a Distance
ELEGTRO-GHEMIG INSTITUTE
113 Graat At*., Cct. Post St.. S. 7.
Office Hours — !> a. in. to 5 p. ta. and 7
to 9 p. m. dally.>. Sundays — lt> a. in. to
1 I>. in.
0 visit DR. JORDAN'S crcat()
OF fliifiTOHYo
A CS iaaianssLi*tu»,i*«^
T\s Lor^*st An*: catcai Mosccm at tb« v
£ n Werl Weiir.e-.ifi «r *a» c n:r* •- • ?J
$ W^^k C!? ' W* x *-' J'SSASES C? Hi* (i
A3f \\f\ Wmthr »-•*. FB!L««O^»trf A
V* I •}¦ SAJUUbf, HA1U3 VBXB. i A. V
* jl M »i'j*^ t bea* tar -w^n , . »
V DS. JUBD1S 4b CO.. 1231 M»r%»: M t .9. F. ('
*AEB^>a MENANDWOHill.
<^J*J^tCBZs^'«J C«B s .*CfcrssB*torml
EH? (utswi W irr:^tija« or aicsr»t:or;»
f/~4utjf iot it.fcir.ir*. of Qacaii B*aibfM?fc
57T|-«£TlJSJ<I»<t£^L3. g«=: or tcucaiut
>»*». us. l. ji*&> ot i*s5 ia pliia wr^jpwr,
*%t?iSs^ t T «7rw«. pr-piti. Jcl
vC£^gZf@^nn ti ool or 3 bottiw j;.:j
ocea:; tbavix.
5>. Steasiers :hvs Broailiray
/W^-^iV wharv-g. pier* 9 and 11.
fi?f Sin Franctac^:
JfT "T1 t ¦ For KetcSikaa. Wran?»t.
/ f V^T* 1^ i 1 J'Jaeau. Hi.'ms. SJtag-way.
1 I \vSVt / / etc., Alaska— 11 « m. .'-:.-<
\#\ V " T rf / 10. 24. July 5. Cbao«* ta
Company'* iteassers at S«?*
> <Z5n>^ F-r Victoria. Vaacourer.
Port T&wnwnd. Seattle. Tacoas*. ETeret"..
BeiaaRtam— 11 a. m.. June Vi. 2*. July *-
Cliaass at Seattle to this mmjacy's «teatn«?r»
for Alaska. a-aAiG. N. Ry. : at Seartl* or Ta.
corr La to N. P. Rv : at Vianmer ta C. P. R»-
For' E3r»ln «Hajabol<Jt Bay>— Potncn*. t:-O
p. cs Jcae 21. Z7 Jafy 3. Coroca. 1:30 p ra..
Jace 1*. 24. *> Jal? «- • " ,
" Fcr Los Ans?»-^ <v1a Port Lc» AsselM aal
P.edocdO. San Dieso and Santa Barfcara^
Sanra P.osa. S-uTKiays. » a. ia.
State of Caltfomla. Tfeur*la7». » a. m.
Fcr ZjC* Awc»!e« »v1a Saa Pedro aad Fa-I
' San Pe<lro> Santa Barbara. Santa Crez. S1-t"J-
te-ty Saa Sisaeon. Cayucoy. Port Karford (Saa
Lois bbispO. Ventura a=d Huenecie. .
Borlta 9 a. K-. June 1«. 2*. 5uly 2.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Jan» 2O. 2J*. July «.
For En*-nafU. Ma*c!*leca U*v. San Jose A'l
Cafco Xtaiatiaa. Altata. La Pas 3i=e* R-5-
»a"a." Guaymas fMex.>. 1<> a. m.. Tth •»<:!» M.
\LASKA EXCUKSICN3. Se&sco 19C4— TS>*
calatlal wcurston rtearn«htp Spokane will
leave Tacoina. Seattle aa-l. Victoria Joce 3;.
Jaly 5. V>. AW. 2. IS.
For further infcrmaMors obtain folier. Pi*rt
j. -^,,r^ ¦»•! to ehSTT» >r»asi>r' «f saHins dat»*.
TXCXXT OPTXCZS — I Se-w Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hctei>. 1» Market *t-. and BraaJ-
way wtarve*. Freijii? OSce, 10 M-»rx't •-.
C. D. DUN'AXN*. Genera! Pass«n«»r A*»3".
10 Market St.. Saa Francisco.
O. /?•• & N* CO.
COLtTTBtA satis Jcne 13. 2tt. Jafy- «. IS arj
l«. CEO. W.ELDER sails June 21. Jnly I.
IL 21 and 31- Only steairship line to PORT-
LAND OR and stort rail line from Part!arr-|
to "all" point* Eaat. Tferouisri tickeU to a'l
nclrts- ?t«aa:er ttcltetj Include berti* aa4
n-»a!s Sl»«rri«r »«!!» foot cf Sp«ir st- at It
am S. F BOOTH. G-n Am. Pa?». D«pt.. t
¦ Men«cm«TT »t.: C. CLIFFORD. OOL^ioal
: Frclgbt PfTit-. 3 Mont^^aery st.
occanics.5.co.E«3£!
S S ALAMEDA fcr Honalata. Jur.e 23. 11 ant.
S." S MAKIPO3A. fcr Taatt!. Jcly 2. 11 «. bi.
3 S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. S*2«?a. Aoek*
land .icd Sydner Thursday. July T. 2 p. ~_
1D.SP3H3ELS *B0i CaL.i2a.K^t G3t2 50 lu-
D1HECT LLVE TO H.VVRE-PAR13. j-*...
palling every Ttursday lrut»a<J of
Saturday, at 10 a. a., from Pier «i *«<s«i-
Nort& Klver. toct cf Morton st.
First cl&aa to Hawn*. $70 aaj up»arf- 9*tpB I
clasa ta Havre. $13 an<l ujwarl. GEN-
EK.\L AGEXCT FOR CX1TFTD STATES A.MO
Ci\ABA 32 Smifivir «Hu<tsoa bu!I«lin«>.
N»w fork. J. r. FTGAZ1 * CO.. Pacific Coast
A<<rats. 5 Meatsem*ry avsntie. San Fraacisco.
Tlc>?ta scld by a!l Railrra-l Tir'^M Afta.
To V. S. JSKTT Taiil ajxa TaH*io
STiTRS. GSZt. FRISBIE. MONTtCELLO an^l
ARROW — 9:45 A. it.. 13:^O neon. 3:15 P.
M. e:CO P. M-. S:3U P. SI. {ex. Suaday»:
Sccdaya »:*i A II.. 3:3» P. M. L«av« V«t-
lejo 7:CO A. M-. »:0O A- il.. 12:3i> NOON.
3:15 P. XL. «:0O P. M- («- S'xzdaji; Sart-
«aya T:CO A. IL. 4:13 P. IL Lanilta* an»i
offlce. Pier Z. foot Mlaaion «t. Phc=« JUta
130a. HATCH BRO&. .
To U. S. Xary Yard and VaHeJo.
Stair H. J. Corcoran— L«aT»» S. F.. foot oi
C,» ,t north end o< ferry bWs. — Week <!ay».
»5> a7*M. 3 and «5 P. M-: 3nn*iys. 9..-J1
A_ M 8 PM. L*ave Villejo — V."i»k days.
«-3O A* M-. '12-2O and 5:30 P. iL: Sundaj*. i
p" M Farev 23c each way. Eiccrsicn raua.
SarjlaT3 to Vall«rJo. G'ea Cot- and Martinez.
: Sfv: rcrnd trip. PrPER. ADEN GOODAU,
CO. pneae Main <41. *Satarday cxeepfd. "
WEEKLY CALX, $1.00 PE& TEAB.
AsvESTisrocEjnra.
ifSale iTen . MUlioi^ox^ aYe^/H
l"- v "3 <m» |_ _ n CC "I" U t\ m W \AJ IT A T Urn <¦ mifttkl? * VFlLJ
£*2 ¦ "*» K1&9 1 tlUl ITLA 1 riC.fi M&UiUinl. j£ Era
II CANDY rATHABTir *X$&^ W\
M PREVENT ALL SUHMER BOWEL TROUBLES [J
Ka Undigested food in the human body will ferment a hundred times as L j
|'a| quickly in summer as in winter. Consequence — stomach, liver, bowels 1.3
aS poisoned, thrown out of order; sour stomach, gases, colic, diarrhoea, |.rf
ral dysentery, cholera, appendicitis, and in some regions yellow fever and I ,'a
I&J the plague. Little children suffer terribly everywhere. The proper Kd
pfj ' thing is to send all impure and unnecessary matter out of the body pi
bj|t every day— not give it a chance to sour in the stomach and bowels. K|
- You will stop hot, feverish conditions and keep your insides cool and p J
|pl healthy. To do it, use a medicine that is pleasant to the taste and not ' I; j
pi^ harsh and violent in its action. The only safe system -cleaner to take- 1 j
pa in summer, because it will not cause diarrhcea or" griping, is Cascarets. fcvj
R9 , All druggists. 10c. 25c, 50c. Never sold in bulk/ The genuine tablet | ;i
f*M stamped C.C.C. Guaranteed to cure or your money back. Sample and yd
m^ booklet free. Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or Nsw York. gas JkhTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; WEDNESDAY, JUNE 22, 1904.
12
BUSINESS CHANCES — Conttnwed.
A — CAMERON * CO. Phone South 1Q8O.
8 Eddy st, corner Market and Powell.
Hsadquarters for all kinds of buslnaee chancas.
FOR sale— Well-furnished B-room ark, moored
one hour's ride from city; flne chance for
summer outing; also for winter shooting and
fishing; all modern conveniences; new. one
year; price $2200 complete. CAMERON &
CO., 3 Eddy st
FOR sale— Well-located baiaar and furnishing
goods business; cheap rent; 6% years' lease;
I one of the best transfer corners in city; <io-
> 'ing fine business; other interests cause sale;
price $5000. See CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hse. or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Electrical and locksmith business;
central location; established 9 years; rent
$30; clears $1)0 to $100 per month; prlcj $500;
must tell on account of other business.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St.
TOR sale — Carriage and wagon factory and
general jobbing; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc.;
full Investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON A CO, 8 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of read estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 8 Eddy st
OLD-ESTABLISHED coal yard for sale; well
located; near St. Francis Hotel; rent $25;
lease; good stock on hand; .one horse and
-wagon; Price $S00. Box 1008, Call.
ONE of the best groceries In the Mission for
fale. an a whole or in part; good family
liquor trade. Address box 1096, Call office.
$500 BUYS flne paying restaurant north of
Market; will stand thorough Investigation;
bargain. California Invest. Co.. 777% Mrket.
RESTAURANT for sale on the Central Pa-
cific Railroad at a good point for meals.
Box SS5. Call.
SALOON for sale at Youhtvllle, Napa County;
reasonable. Inquire of DEAN HOWARD,
Calistoga, Cal.. box 11.
WORKINGMEN'B hotel; nicely located:' good
trade; 45 rooms; full all the time and bar.
Box 2697, Call.
RESTAURANT aad bar and 10 furnished
rooms for sale; very cheap. 8 Union et,
near Front
WANTED — To buy or lease a good hotel in
country town. Address with particulars box
1038. Call office.
FOR sale — Saloon In manufacturing district
Western Rubber Stamp Works, 521 Mission.
GOOD express stand; new wagon; licensed;
must sell. Particulars, 414 McAllister st.
GENTLEMAN wishing to make good living;
$175; cigar store. Call at my factory, 229 5th.
FOR sale — Al coffee route, clearing $75 per
month; a bargain. Address box 1116, Call.
WANTED — Restaurant in good location. Ad-
dress, with particulars, box 860. Call.
; A COUNTRY grocery and general merchandise
store for tale; price $1400. Box 1041. Call.
FOR sale — Shelving and fixtures at a bargain.
Brownstone Wine Co., 320 Market st.
FOR sale — Small laundry route; horse, wagon,
etc.; bargain. Box 1106. Call office.
FOR sale — Cheap, branch bakery. Apply 76S
Church et corner 20th.
RESTAURANT for sale In good location; near
California st Full particulars box 3547, Call.
FOR sale — Coal, wood and feed business in
Oakland very low. Box 2577. Call.
WANTED — Grocery, with bar attached; price
not to exceed $1750. Box 899, Call.
DELICATESSEN store for sale; nicely located
in the Mission; flne trade. Box 844, Call.
GROCERY and delicacies for sale In North
Beach. Box 1079, Call.
WANTED— Cigar stand. Box 1038, Call office.
CIGAR stand and billiard hall. 155 Seventh
st. ; cheap.
CALL route for sale: a flne large Call route
in the city of Alameda. Box 2179, Call.
FINE newspaper route for sale. Inquire at
this office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st, opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy at. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquaiters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
7-room modern flat, close In, well furnished,
cost $000, at bargain if sold at once; $300.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house
In city: clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land. Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city.
17 rooms; rent only $70; flne little apait-
meut-houEe; sickness; must sell; snap; $700.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease: flrst-class.
up-to-dat« downtown house; well furnished:
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close In;
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure. .
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; flne proposition;
good lease.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance;
every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $500
per month; to be sold at a bargain oa account
of departure.
8 rooms; flne upper flat; rent only $30; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$4TO.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location: 2 entrances; everything In
first-class condition; good furniture and car-'
pets; clearing now $200 per month; if run
transient can clear $30O to $350 per month;
here la beet proposition In city; price $3200.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sIcknesE; price $350.
108 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has flne
bar; can be run In conjunction If desired;
rare chance for right parties; part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of the house: other busi-
ness interests demand immediate departure.
14 rooms: rent only $57; oak furniture: good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $900.
105 rooms; cheap rent; first-class up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month: call for particulars.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished;
little apartment-houM; reduced to $1500.
28 roomu: elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartnient-house and pay cash difference.
21 rooms; corner; rent only $85; oak fur.;
good carpets; housekeeping;, all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
$1600.
180 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished nnd equipped; cheap
rent: flne lease; paying $300 to $600 per .month;
close In; full nice people; bargain If taken at
once; dissolution of partnerrhlp.
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys in the city. I
Lair* list of real estate, rooming-houses
and bu&lnesp, for exchange or trade, always on
hand. . A. CAMERON A CO.. 3 Eddy st.
THIRTY rooms, ftlcely furnished, lease... $2500
26 reap*, all men roomers, low rent.... 1000
116 rBonis, low rent, country transient.. 6000
31 rooms, rent only $55 1600
40 rooms, rent $70, transient .1500
SI rooms, rent $3 per room 3400
Money to loan on furniture at low rates.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st
MITCHELL & CO.. 1200 Market st.
If you want to buy a house or flat on easy
terms, largo list to select from, try , -
MITCHELL & CO.
I HAVE a flne downtown transient house of 34
rooms that clears $200; will take $3700. Ad-
drees box 1512, 1008 Market et. ,
FOR sale — Boarding and lodging house of 20
rooms. MRS. WILSON, Belvedere. Marln Co.
$300 — 10-ROOM lodging-house; always full; In-
come $30. Inquire 823 Howard st.. after 12 m.
0 AND 22 roomed house for sale cheap; snap;
no agents. 237 Stevenson . st. , .
FOR sale— Lodging-house; 231 Third st: 20;
¦ room*: owner sick; price $050; rent $75. <
MEETING NOTICES — Continued.
CELEBRATION of 8t John's day un- II
der the auspices of the Fast Mas- . f\
ters' Association of California. F. /9f_.
&. A. M.. by a grand reunion and «^»*
basket picnic at El Campo, SATURDAY.
June 23. 1004. The steamer H. J. Corcoran
.will leave Washington street wharf at 8:3O
a. m. and return at « r. m. Tickets, adults
60 cents, children 25 cents, can be had at
the wharf on the mornlrur of the picnic.
ANDREW CHRISTENSEN.
Chairman of Committee.
JAMES A. WILSON. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS — "New York's Steamboat Horror."
told by survtvorn and eye witnesses: 11OO
.lead: 100 illustrations from P h^°« r _-,^ s i
about 600 pages. 7^x10; price $160; •*"_"«
like "wild fire"; best terms; credit given,
frelslit paid; send 10 cents in stamps for
outfit and instructions. KUHLMAN COM-
PANY. Dept. 4. Chicago.
EASY money for agents. Room 619. 121
Geary «t.
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW.
G. W. HOWE. 1122 MARKET 6T. ~"
Tel. Jepsie 4711. Established 22 years. Advice
free on all legal matters; divorces a special-
ty, private, quick; no pay in advanc*i mining
companies organised; patents obtained: wills,
deeds, collections; detectives employed.
R, W. KINO. Attorn«y-at-Law. Exam. bldg..
6th floor; entrance room 611; established 16
years; all case*, general court and office prac-
tice; no fee in advance or for co&juUaUon;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 360L
PENSION atty.— M. HARRIS, 40 Ellis St. 15
yrs. practice: refs. from many thousands of
scldlers. sailors, widows and orphans on Pa-
cific Coast for whom I have secured pensions.
AA— DIVORCE — Costs $12; quick: quiet; advlcs
free; no charge unless sueceesful.
7S9 Market st. room 4., bet 8d and 4th.
DIVORCE — Costa, $12; quick, quiet; advlcs
free; all law business; no charg* unless suc-
cessful; open evenings. 927 Market room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce coats $12; no fees or
costs in advance: all law business; offlcs
oren Saturday evenings. 819 Market st, r. 33.
DIVORCE law a specialty: no publicity: advlca
free; costs $12. Ad. B.A.S.. P.O. box 2199. S.F.
L. 8. CLARK, 927 Market st; consultation
free; no fees In advance; open evenings.
AUT0M0BH.ES.
AUTOMOBILES— Livery, garage and sales-
rooms; automobiles of every description
bought and sold; will buy or ?ell recond-
hand machines. Eee us before vou do any-
thing with your machine. Phone South 702.
Pacific States Automobile Co., 217 Ellis st. 1
6TEAM rinabout for sale, cheap. EAMES.
2018 Market st.
¦WILL sell my white steam Stanhope automo-
bUe for $625. Box 1015. Call office.
WANTED — To buy a steam automobile for
cash. Box 83 L Call office.
WANTED — Gasoline automobile; name price
and ccnd'.tlon of machine. Box 3349. Call.
WANTED — To buy an automobile: stats kind.
etc. Box 2535. Call office.
RAMBLER automobile for sale. Particulars
Box 2596. Call office.
ASTHMA REMEDY.
A Dl Nola's Asthma Remedy relieves instant-
ly: 10c. 25c. SOc 1602 Market St Nicholas.
~~ BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $1500; SALOON In wholesale district; rent
$50; estab. 23 years; a good-paying saloon
and flne fixtures; value In Eight Call R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny -t
A— $35uO; CORNER ealoon: close to Sutter st. ;
place estab. years; doing an excellent busi-
ness- lease- rent $115; net rent $48; elegant
fixture;. See R. G. WILKE. 2ti^a Kearny.
A — $15,000; BARROOM; owner never clears
lets than $1000 per month; location and busi-
ness can't be beat. See It G. WILKE, 2t>&
Kearny Et.
A— $800; PARTNER wanted in office of manu-
facturer's, agent; a first-class offer for good
man: $500 to be invested in business; office
clears about $2oO per month. See R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Keamy st
A— $700; BAKERY across the bay; established
years and doing a flrst-class paying store
trade: value in sight. All particulars R.
G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny st.
A — $600; YOUNG and active man wanted to
run grill room in one of the finest barrooms
in this city; no rent to pay; references want-
ed. See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st
A— $2250; CORNER ealoon on Montgomery st:
established many years; rent $S5; lease; a
good-paying place and well advertised. Call
K. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny gt.
A— $2200; ROADHOUSE! Roadhouse! Road-
house! With 13 furnished rooms; rent $40;
leate: a first-class paying resort See It. G.
WILKE. 2CH Kearny st
A— $S00; CORNER saloon; rent $20; a splendid
location In the Mission; place doing a busi-
ness of about $15 per day. R. G. WILKE,
20% Kearny et
A — $3500; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery st, vicinity of
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
count of 111 health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE, 26^ Kearny st. *
A — $450: BARBER shop; 3 chairs; best location
in the Mission ; rent $15. See R. G. WILKE,
26 Vj Kearny st
A— $2500 ; SALOON; choicest location on Mar-
ket St.; low rent: good lease; elegant fix-
ture* and a first-class paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st
A— $C00; CHOPHOUSE and coffee saloon, opp.
cable house; place estab. years, with steady
and transient customers; owner clears about
$175 per month. See R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st
A— $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
rooms, kitchen and dinlng-rocm, 37 beds,
good furniture; lease; place paying well. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $2000; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton Eta.; rent $160; lease; place estab-
lishe-J years: first-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny et
A— $.;50; BRANCH bakery and delicatessen
storo with 4 rooms; rent $25; fine location;
good business. See R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st
A— $375 cigar stand, transfer corner; rent $23;
good paying place. R. G. Wllke. 26% Keamy
DON'T work for others: be your own boos;
t learn the real estate business and start in
for yourself; we make you our special rep-
resentative and teach you the business by
mail; we furniih large list of salable property
an<l assist you to earn from *2000 to $5000
annually: write for free booklet and particu-
lars. H. W. CROSS &' CO., 2<M Tacoma
building, Chicago.
I $550 — HOME bakery and delicatessen store; 4
rooms; larpe bteel rangi; 2 teas stoves: flrst-
'¦last* Fh«-lving- and counters; a bargain.
Merchants' Agency, l<Xl$H Market st.
$2700— NEW hotel; electric light*; all modern
anil up-to-date; newly furnished; doing a big
transient trade; m«r city; full of boarders;
rent $»•">. Merchant*' Agency, 1008% Market.
$S50— Grocery & bar; pood district; bargain.
$1200 — Roadhoure. with 5 years' lease.
$iiM) — Restaurant; heart of the city; bargain.
BERG, ARMSTRONG 4 CO., 318 Kearny st.
$1200 — LODGING-HOUSE ; finest" high-price
transient location; a money-maker; can have
long lease. ExcIuFlvely BERG, ARM-
STRONG & CO.. 318 Kearny st" ¦
PACIFIC Real Estate Co., 1015 Market St.
$:w — Cigar store, at corner saloon.
$2000 — Roadhouse, bar; thoroughly modern.
$1201* and $550— Swell flats. Van Ness ave.
$I10o — Grocery and bar on Folsom st.
$.;00 — Grocery Rnd liquor store; 3 living rmj.
$350 WII.L secure a lifelong position and in-
come of $90 guaranteed: experience unneces-
sary, but party must furnish references;
present Income can easily be doubled with
rloee attention to duty. Particulars 1007%
Market St., room 1.
$500 — SPLENDID chance for right party; good
paying hotel in neighboring prosperous coun-
try town; rent $20; present owners must
leave; sickness. For particulars apply to L.
LARSEN, 11 Dc Boom st, opp. South Park.
FOR sale — A good restaurant, nicely located on
Bush St.; fine trade and clearing a good
profit over expenses; will give reasons for
selling to legitimate buyer; no triflers. Box
2529. Call office.
FOR sale — Coffee, tea and spice route over
IS years' standing; selling on account of re-
tiring from business. For particulars In-
quire at 113 Frpnt st. between 11 a. m.
and 1 p. m.
$325 — PARTNER wanted: manufacturing arti-
cle of daily use; sure profit of $90 a month
to each; owner well known practical man.
DONNELLY CO., 632 Market et
A GOOD established bakery for sale In Sacra-
mento; has fine family and store trade; es-
tablished 25 years. For particulars . H.
SCHMIDT, box &02, Sacramento. Cal.
FOR sals — Grocerios and general merchandise
store In town not far from San Francisco;
stock will invoice about $1400; good business
I 1 lor man ana wl!e. Particulars box 835, Call.
LODGINB HOUSES FOR SALE— Con.
. MARION GRIFFIN.
408 Hearst bldg., over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
-Rooming-houses and - hotels for sale.
BONA FIDE . OPENING to June Til 200
rooms; some elegant furniture; building
NEW and- MODERN; long- lease; low rent:
price $15,000; cut to • $7000: H .cash.
.¦¦¦-.. MARION GRIFFIN.
BUMPTUOUSLY-FURNISHED 50-room house:
.highly' respectable and now clearing $214
monthly: openedln May, 1003; 6-year lease;
everything strictly first class.
MARIO^ GRIFFIN.
SNAP THIS— 26 rooms for $1000; north of
Market; 2-year lease; low rent; sunny side;
not gorgeously furnished, but doing a good
business. MARION GRIFFIN.
SEVERE SICKNESS causes sale of 24 room
house for $1100; certainly worth $1600; cen-
trally • located: terms' \i, cash; profit $76,
should be $1000 monthly.
¦ MARION GRIFFIN.
NEW AND MODERN corner house of «
rooms; beautifully furnished in mahogany,
blrdseye maple; velvet carpets; 4 blocks
north of Market; long lease if desired.
MARION GRIFFIN.
FIRST-CLASS furniture; new carpets; 20 large
rooms; rent $85; strictly respectable; profit
exactly $72 monthly; price $1500; near Geary
st. ; sunny side. MARION GRIFFIN.
N. B. — 14 LARGE rooms and big porches In
fine neighborhood: respectable, steady ten-
ants; 2 floors; very easy to care for: worth
$1200; cut to $700; cleam $40.
' . MARION GRIFFIN.
AND a $1000 house going for $500;
It's a nice, newly painted 10-room house In
the geographical center of the city; rent $40
and income $74 monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN.
NEARLY $300O profit yearly; flne biff house,
well furnished; nice class of men roomers;
cash price $0000, or ij cash nnd >$ In other
property; It's a flne proposition.
MARION GRIFFIN.
SELECT FAMILY HOTEL; 40 rooms; clearing
$195 monthly; price $2500.
MARION GRIFFIN.
, CASH $100, balance $10 monthly: 8-room cor-
: ner flat; newly calclmlned; piano.
MARION GRIFFIN.
LODGING HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — To buy lodging house of about 30
to 85 rooms. Box 823, Call. office.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY.
Clairvoyant, trance, business medium and Uf*
reader. 1206 Market st. Gait House.
C. V. MILLER, materializing seance, Wednes-
day, 8 p.m., 60c. 1084 Bush st.
ELSIE REYNOLDS, licensed medium; benefit
seance; full forms Wed. eve. 32S Bills; 50c.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
slate-writer. 1112 Eddy st. : phone Scott 837.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ASSURED Success for You.
Call at once and save $4.
His famous $5 readings this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 n 11
No charge — No charge
Unless you obtain the information for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever In San Francisco.
' Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to be full Judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fall to tell your name,
occupation and what you calUd for; I tell
you if husband, wife or lover Is true or false,
whom and when you will marry, how to gain
the love of the one you desire; in fact, I will
tell you every hope, fear or ambition better
than you can tell yourself; his advice is re-
liable, his powers are wonderful and indis-
putable; he Improves your character so that
you will reach the highest possible develop-
ment in mental and bodily vigor, health,
happiness and capacity to earn wealth: the
controlling power Implanted In your nature,
so you can control any one secretly; gives
advice on mining and burled treasure; gives
you success In life: he guarantees you suc-
cess or charges nothing for his services. 10
a. m. to 8 p. m. : closed Sunday.
326 O'Farrell street — 326.
MYSTERIOUS POWER.
$1. SI. $1. $1. SL SL
ELLSMERE, Egyptian seer, clairvoyant.
.Educated by adepts of India.
Never before have you consulted one
Bo fully endowed with psychic power.
Call, be convinced. Trouble and doubt leave you.
The Greatest Clairvoyant
"Tells your full name and occupation;" whom
and when you will many; mining claims, lost
veins located; advises Investments, business;
law, love, divorce, partners, changes, Journeys,
without asking questions.
Removes spells, evil influence, hastens mar-
riage.
Controlling power Implanted In your nature.
Teaches personal magnetism, develops medi-
ums, clairvoyants, etc. 1007H Market st.
Mall. $2; office, $1. Also open Sundays, 10-8.
Write for Govinda Suttay Hindoo Belt Par-
ticulars free. Oriental Talisman. Adepts wear
them. All letters answered, confidential.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO
WITNESS THE WONDERFUL DEMON-
STRATION
OF THE NOTKD LIVINGSTONE.
READINGS $1.
He has met every expectation, every adver-
tised promise.
He is acknowledged by all who consult him
as a true exponent of the occult science; for<
overcoming trouble, bad luck, ill health, busi-
ness, love, family and financial worries, would
it not be a relief to know how you will suc-
ceed? to be relieved of the matters that are
troubling you and of the schemes of your ene-
mies, that you may meet with better success?
Then don't hesitate until too late.
Go at once to LIVINGSTONE.
Who Is permanently located at
428 Eddy gt.: lady attendant.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st, next Examiner
' bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of th« past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; If you are in trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will ho told
how to overcome them; valuable advice In
all affairs of life; 25c up: satisfaction guar-
anteed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 4589.
MME.PORTER.celebrated clairvoyant i^-'Iura.
card reader, born with a double veil ana sec-
ond sight, tells past, present and future; I.
60c, k. by cards SI: palmistry and clairvoyant
sit. $1 60. 290 O'Farrell St.. near Mason.
A— Miss M. Wille. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you .exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; special. . $1; hours 10 to 8.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg.pkliTtlst, j clairvoyant. card
reader:wh*n others fall tryfme;good readings
25c. 721 Franklin. nr.G.O.ave.TeI.Larkln4207.
A— Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given :25c. up. 835 Howard.bet.4th&5th.
MME. ODELL returned; clairvoyant, card read-
er;^tea leaves; 25c up. Lower flat, 220 Eddy.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates
and facts: readings daily. 017 Market st.
MRS. BROWNT clairvoyant, card reader. 23^
Sixth st; ladles 28c; gents 60c. '
ISMAR. the celebrated Egyptian seeress. will
return from her vacation July 1.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. SHAFEIl clairvoyant card reader, slt-
ttnga. dally. 44«H Jessie st.. bet. 6th and t.th.
CAItr_E_T _ BEATING AND _ CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
.universally used for. cleaning carpets on floor
without removal; carpets and rugs are also
cleaned by - compressed air. st shop; prices
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co.. SOS Market st.; phones Main 152 and
Bush 479. ,. ; ¦ ¦
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 355-357 Tebama »t. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth st— First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rlson St.; Al cleaning; 3c Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works,
.333 Golden Gate avs. Telephone East_12<J.__.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard; tel. South 218.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 4oYsutter st. :
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison at. ; tel. Mission 263.
c£qTamro~MBWOYATiwd.~~~*T
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon March*. 40 Ellis St., room 14;
. phone Dm mm 44. .Call .for and deliver free.
BAP tenants ejected "for $4; collections made;
. city or' country; Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. Mala 05S0. '
EMPLOYMENT WA5TEP— MALE-
EXPERIENCED young German J^"*^!
wants position; best references; modest sai
ory. Box 1033. Call office.
GARDENER wants situation; competent to
grow a mixed collection of orchids; best of
references. Box 1030, Call. ____
SITUATION wanted by a middle-aged man as
SI va1et in flrst-class private f amily : would
travel; references given. Box 1002. Call.
A STRONG young man (23) wirhes a PO»l»°j_
to work around country store: «n«rli* a
team: references. Address 1115 Ste.ner st.
COACHMAN, thoroughly u " dcrsUn , ds rn^ e |ln^
horses; *ood gardener; wife good cook and
laundress; referenceg___S__D- *>»fc» J*" 19 * u
SOBER energetic young married man - . 8 °° d
education, wants position: «P««J^ed In
clubs and grocery business. Box 1003. Call.
WANTED— Position by Japanese couple; man
is good cook and wife for general house-
work. F. FUJII. C38 Stevenson st.
$100 COUNTRY lot given for •««* dy ,^*^_»*
telllgent old restdant B. F. Box 1036. Call.
I. C. SCHOOL student in »«nd°" 1 d /^ 9l^5 n a *"
sires position as assistant. Box 1035. Call.
DRUGS— Wanted position In Nevada; compe-
tent. Box 1034, Call office. j
GROCERY clerk wishes position In retail gro-
cery house; best references. Box 1013. Call.
Painter, paper-hanger, slgnwrlter. "ants w °rk:
tools furn. 1272 Folsom st. ; phone Mint 131.
aTjaPANESE, gentle and honest wants a po-
sition as a echoolboy In a family. Box 1109.
Call office.
JAPANESE honest boy wants position as bed-
maker in hotel or lodging-house. 869 Geary
st; telephone. Hyde 2084.
JAPANESE couple want places; man as plain
cook, wife to do housework and wait at
table; wages $35 up month. 451 Jessie st.
JAPANESE boy wants position as butler; has
rood recommendation; city or country. 13O4
Post St.. Japanese Mission: phone Polk 2157.
JAPANESE boy. gentle and honest, wishes po-
eition housework, half day or all day; speaks
English. K1TA, 258A OTarrell st.
JAPANESE nice boy wants a position as wait-
er and houseworker in good family. HE.V-
RY. 121 Halght St.. Japanese Y. M. C. A.
JAPANESE boy wants to cara for garden and
horse in country. 725 Geary st.
JAPANESE bookkeeper desires suitable work.
291 N Second st.. San Jose.
JAPANESE Housecleanlng Co., 620 Larkin st;
tel. 1758. S. G. HENRRY.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats are Hat-
ed In our free renting department: over 1000
in number; a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; \we never fail: service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1039 MARKET ST.
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 243-259
Geary st., on the square.
VAN NESS ave., C29— Lower corner flat: sep-
erate marble entrance: elegant wood finish;
billiard-room etc.; rent $75, on lease only.
Apply on premises. 11 a. m. to 4 p. m., or
to BALDWIN & . HOWELL.
NOE. 1050— Beautiful new flat; sunny corner;
5 rooms and bath; all modern improvements;
low rent; convenient to Castro and Twenty-
fourth st. cars.
A FLAT. 3 large rooms; double parlor; owner
en premises Wednesday. 819 Jessie st.. or
JOSEPHINE WILSON. San Mateo, Cal.
BRODER1CK. 1433. nr. Post— $30: 6-room flat,
with 4 nice chambers In attic; new porcelain,
open plumbing; sun every rm. Tel. Scott 4341.
VERY light, sunny, modern 7-room upper flat;
rent reduced. 2S4 Frederick st, nr. park
pa nhandle: Masonic ave. car to door.
ELEGANT bay-window, 6 rooms, bath. 733
Minna st., near Ninth.
CLAYTON. 619^. near Halght— Lower flat;
3 sunny rooms; $13.
FILLMORE, 1124 — 7-room flat; modern; rooms
all light; rent reasonable.
GOI'GH. 445 — Fine flat: 6 rooms and bath;
rent »35.
HAYES. 692. cor. Buchanan — Nice sunny flat;
6 rooms and bath: modern Improvements.
LAKE. 740-742 — New flats. 6 rooms each; rent
$22 50/ and $27 50: flne view.
LARGEST list of houses snd flats to let. Call
on I. YON A HOAG. 116 Montgomery stK
FLATS TO LET — Fin.MSHEU.
HAIGHT. 12J/S. Buena Vista, cor. Central ave.
— Elegantly furnished flats; also unfurnished:
house has all conveniences and Is situated in
select neighborhood.
COMPLETE furnishings 7-room flat for sale,
including piano. $400. 246 Chattanooga st
FLATS FOR SALE — FURMSHED.
FURNISHED flat of 4 rooms and bath, com-
plete. Call between 6 and 7 p. m., 333 Hick-
ory ave.
FCRXITL'RE FOR SALE. "
FURNITURE of 4 rooms complete for house-
keeping: fine parlor set; must be sold at once.
200 Missouri st, corner ISth. Potrero.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 30
down and $1 50 per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co.. 340 Post st.. near Powell.
FOR sale — Furniture of a K-room flat complete
from parlor to kitchen. Box 2536, Call office.
Andersen Auction House, 19 Turk. nr. Market.
furnishes everything for the house; low prices
FURNITURE, stoves, bought. soH, exchanged.
Bargtr. 43S» Valencia, nr.l6th.Tel.Church 3379
CHEAPEST place In city for second-hand fur-
nlture. OSS Geary st. Tel. Polk 1477.
FURNITURE AVAXTEP.
ABE LEVY.
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
rlture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
WANTED — To buy furniture of a 6 or 7-room
flat. Box 3550, Call office.
WANTED — A chiffonier; state price. Box
1021. Call office.
WANTED — To buy carpets and rugs In good
condition. Box 836. Call office.
CHAS. LLVY & CO. pay highest price for fur-
nlture.c:irpel».«?tc. 7S2 Mission: tel. Bush 413.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED — Protestant cook, no wash. $35;
cook $-10, and second girl. $25. same house,
near* San Rafael; cook, $30, and second girl,
$25, for Sausallto; laundress hotel, country,
$2S; chambermaid for sanitarium. $23; cham-
bermaid and waitress, country hotel. $25; 5
waitresses, resorts, • $25 and $30; 12 girls,
housework. Berkeley, Oakland and other
towns, $25 and $30; Scandinavian second girl,
. $30; nurses $20 and $25; cook for 12 men.
$35; cook, plali* work. $30, and 15 girl«» for
housework. $20 and $25. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 334 Sutter st
IN GOD WE TRUST. \
Golden Gate Employment Office. 1211 Ninth
ave., off H st. alongside of Golden Gate
Park and next door to Public Library; free
reading-room for ladies; best help provided
for all purposes, for city and country
throughout the- States; smallest office
- charges; employers please pay half the office
fee; money orders payable to T. SPEAK-
MAN. Station G. San Francisco.
A— SPECIAL— 20 waitresses, to start at once.
sprines, resorts, commercial hotels $23
C. n. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush st
WANTED — Two young ladies for temporary po-
sitions In office; call between 10 and i"
o'clock Wednesday. S. N. WOOD & CO
740 Market st. ¦ . -
WANTED— First-class Swedish cook; best of
reference* required. Call at 2200 Pacific ate
,, from 10 a. m. to 12 m.
WANTED— Experienced girl for bakery. 336
Third st.
GIRLS to work on folding paper boxes 6*O
¦Market st.
TAILORESS on coats: good pay; steady. 816
Market st.. room 00. Columbian building.
WANTED— A girl for general housework; $15
a month. 1645 Geary st.
A GIRL for light housework: small family
..$15. 2108 Cs»den Gate ave.
"WANTED— Experienced waitresses. «3 Ellis
street. 1
CTTBE8 BUFTU&B.
HUNTER'S Positive Rupture Holder. $10; no
discomfort. 1206 Market st.; send for circular.
DENTISTS.
A^EWplate^TnT wliaTebone^Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, $3 50; fillings, 50c:
plates $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting BOc; gas given.
DR. KNOX. dentist, now located at the
Grant building, 1095 Market, 2d floor; all
first-class dentistry at low prices. -
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. EUrgeon-dentist,r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'FarrelL
Paris Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up: crowns.$2 up; fllllngs.25c
FRFE examination with chart at the New
York Dentists. DCO Mission st.. SE. cor. 6th.
'GOLD flllinRs. T.'.c; silver S5c: crowns, $2; no
pain: open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewitt.204 Suttr.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve, clasa. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting. Btew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. IIP Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL.
E. R. AYRES, founder and manager of Ayres
Business College for 14 years, has returned
to take active management; bookkeeping,
rhorthand, typewriting; $5 a month; life
scholarship $50; day and evening. Bancroft
building. V2X Market et. j
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 wo
moved to new fireproof building. 738 Mission
*t., between Third and Fourth: more space;
finer rooms; better light: finest In the West;
come and nee. .S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A— THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special summer^course. 414 Mason.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and 'light sessions; lllustgated catalogue tree.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1435 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates; Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping: $S mo.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrlcity.24 Post
Ft.. S. F.: a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING — Adults. Mon. and Frl. evgs ; Juve-
niles. Sat. 2 to 5: prlv. lessons dally. Flnd-
lay's Hall. 17th. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. anln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev. ; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ARITHMETIC, algebra, bookkeepinpjshorthand;
day, eve. Western Bus. College, 1107 Market
CALIFORNIA Business College. 925 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F.; 75-page catalog on request
PIANO lessons. 23c half hour. MRS. PECK.
•xperlenced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell st: tel. Main 5752.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Office, 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamagaki. mgr. ; tel. Bush 859.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 3188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1D97. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
EXPERIENCED trained nurse desires position
caring for sick person or invalid; best refer-
ences given. Address 123 Eddy st. Phone
South 339. '
DRESS, coat and . suit maker; ladles' tailor
street suits: only first-class work done: few
more engagements, day or week; city or
country. Miss Barss, Sherman House, 2$ 8th.
RESPECTABLE lady with good references
wishes to do general housework, washing and
ironing. 914 Howard »t.
MIDDLE-AGED, competent woman wants po-
sition for general housework: reliable; refer-
ences; city or country. 133 Third st, rm. 25.
A RESPECTABLE, well educated lady~S7
years old, wishes a position as housekeeper,
city or country. Box 1113, Call office.
DRESSMAKER wishes engagements, per day
$1 ."<>; Is experienced and artistic. Box
1118. Call office.
YOUNG woman wishes work by the day. wash-
* ing, ironing or house-cleaning, $1 50 day.
Cain Mission court, near Fifteenth st.
WASHING and housecleanlng. Call 1541 Bry-
ant ave., in grocery store; no postals.
SWEDISH girl wants housework. 007 % Buch-
anan st; no postals.
A GERMAN lady to go out working by the
day or week. Address 12 August alley.
A FIRST-CLASS young cook wants position In
family. $30. 824 Mason St.; phone Black 2309.
WOMAN wants situation In small family to
take care of children or housework; city or
country. Address 636 Third st MRS. CLU-
NESS.
A WOMAN cook wishes a situation as cook In
a hotel or small boarding-house; no dish-
washing; city or country. 061 Mission st.
A YOUNG girl wishes to do light housework
and plain cooking in a small family; wages
$15 a month. Call ll»i Bruce place.
GIRL wishes to assist In small family; prefer
adults: references: no postals. Parties will
please call In person. 1022 Larkin st.
YOUNG lady, experienced stenographer, with
knowledge of bookkeeping, desires a position
as office assistant. Box 1032, Call office.
A GERMAN girl, first-class cook, wages $40-
$15, wishes a position in country. Call,
after 9 o'clock, at 653^ Hyde st.
WIDOW with two children, ages 2 and 3
years, wishes housekeeper's position in aged
party's or couple's home. Box 3587, Call.
WOMAN wants work by the day; washing or
fcoucecleanlng; $1 CO and carfare. Call or
address MRS. OSGOOD, 115 Hayes st
EASTT;RN girl wishes position as nurseglrl.
271! Harrison st.
A NEAT young German lady wl?hes situation
as housekeeper. 20 Devlsadero st.
FIRKT-clasg dressmaker will go out by the
day; $2 a day. 407 Van Ness ave.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar.' «33 McAllister st
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALM.
MAN and wife wish positions; man coachman,
thoroughly understands care of fine horses,
general man about place; wife good cook and
laundress; references. S. D., 414 1 / j Jessie st.
A GOOD, all around man wants position in
private place; understands the care of horses,
garden; good driver: Can milk; good refer-
ences. Box 1111, Call office.
STEADY, sober young man (age 20) wants anj
kind of work: wages no object. Address box
1115. Call office.
STEADY ycung man wants position with a
chance of advancement; references. Box
1110, Call office.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind; house-
work or general work around place. Box
1117, Call of nee.
CARPENTER, cabinetmaker, thoroughly ex-
perienced, good workman, understands his
business, also good draughtsman for cabinet
work, wants work; $3 day. Box 1040, Call.
BARKEEPER, German, married, reliable, true,
sober, 11 years in ons~ place, .Fresno County,
wants place In city. Address TRUE, care
Hartmann, 516 Second st.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes a
situation in a grocery store and barroom; ;
flrst-clasR city references. W. BOHLING.
' 417 Kearny st. . ¦ 1
MARRIED man wishes situation aa foreman
or manager of dairy or ranch; long experi- ,
ence and best of references given. Box 1050. '
Call office. !
MECHANICAL draughtsman, good designer
and detailer, 18 years' experience mining,
stationary, marine, wants position or work
at home. Box 3593. Call.
ENGINEER wishes steady position running
boilers and dynamoes; all-round work; good
mechanic; best references. Address 316
Laneton st. ctty. . ;
NURSE (male) requires position; graduate
training school; six years' experience mental
cases; flrst-class references. P. R., 1235 Mar-
ket «t- . ¦ ¦ - . ,
MECHANICAL engineer wants situation:
young man with Eastern education and ex-
perience. Addrcas box 1104.- Call office. ,
EASTERN young man wants situation:, expe-
rienced at responsible positions. Address
box 1171. Call office.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind; under-
1 stands care of horses, cows, garden, etc., or
bouse work. Box 1102, Call office.
HELP WANTED — FBWAtE — Com.
A WOMAN for cooking and light wash tor
Mare Island. $30; 2 hotel waitresses for
plain hotel at a camp: dishwasher for a hos-
pital. $20. MISS PLUNKETT. 423 Sutter
St.. near Powell. *
A WOMAN to put up fruit and mak« som»
salads; very «asy hours; $30 a month and
board. MISS PLUNKETTS, 425 Sutter st..
near Powell.
A WANTED — Girls to learn halrdreasiag.
• manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
tn 2 wetks: $3 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school ta
West. 233 Geanr at., room 13.
A — GIRL to learn millinery now for fall sea-
son: both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $13; position as trimmers,
salesladies, etc. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening class. 143 'Stockton st., r. 13.
Hairdresslng, manicuring, massage, scalp treat-
ment, hair work, removal superfluous hair; $3 2
wks: day, *ve. class; positions tecured, highest
wages. Removed from 1236 Mkt. to 133 Powell.
LADIES wanted everywhere copying letters at
home, evenings or spare time and return to
uc: no mailing or canvassing; $3 weekly
earned; materials free; inclose self -addressed
envelope for particulars. Guarantee Co. N».
W4. Ninth St., Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED— A flrst-class waitress; wages $I» a
week. 304 Mason st.
"WANTED — An experienced saleslady lac* ds-
partment. Call STRAUSS A FROHSIAX
107 Post St. '
IRONERS wanted. Apply United States
Laundry. Sixteenth and Valencia ats.
GIRL and ironers. National Laundry, 411
Sanchea st.
GERMAN girt for upstairs work at Altsnhalm.
Frultvale; wagee $25. 4C8 Front st. S. F.
YOUNO girl to assist with housework aad
children. $15. 1821 Point Lobos ave.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes. 6 p. rn.. Wednesday; salary no object.
A PROFITABLE outing; pick bops In August.
Write E. Clemens Horat. 122 Battery st .3 f.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st. opposiu Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
HELP WANTED— -MALE.
AT the California Employment Agency.
14 Third St., nr. Call bldg. ; phone Bush 404.
United States Government work.
CO teamsters and laborers, $2 to $2 23 day.
$10 05 fare. Florence, Ariz. Faro, $10 03.
SAWMILL CREW.
Gang edgerman, see boss here, $6O found.
5 laborers, pile lumber. $40 found.
Shingle jointer, see boss here. $45 and feund.
Board puller. $45 a month and board.
2 tall edgermen, $40 a month and board.
2 second trimmermen. $40 month and board.
1 oSbearer, $40 a month and board.
10 lumber pliers, $35 to $40 and board.
10 Slavonian laborers, sawmill. $35 found.
2 carpenters. Government Job, $3 day.
Baker's helper, city. $40 -found.
Boy to drive bakery wagon, city, $20 fd. u>
Cook, hotel, near city. $50 found.
4 laborers, board home, city, $2 23 day.
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 14 3d st
BUTLER. $15 and found: night clerk. $20 and
found; 2 hotel cooks, country. $6O and found;
fry cook. $14 week; cook and baker, country.
$t!0 to $75 and found; cook, few men. $23;
baker, country shop, $12 week and found;
hotel waitress. $30 and found; elevator boy.
$30. and others. J. F. CROSETT A CO.. 623
Sacramento st.
20 WOODSMEN, $40 to $63 and board: poultry-
man and wife $50 and found; poultryroan.
$30 and found; farmer and wife, $40 and
found; married farmer for Southern Califor-
nia, $70; coachman and gardener. $30 and
found; choreman, $25 and found; farmers and
milkers; blacksmiths. $2 50 day and board
and $3 day; carpenter, 51 day: machine men.
$3 50 day; teamsters, laborers, carriage-set-
ter. $65 and board: porter and warehouse-
man. $5O. and othecs. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 628 Sacramento st
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGEXCT.
Phone Main 1191. 623 Commercial st
Nevada, 8 hours' work, teamsters, laborers
and rockmen, $2 to $2 50 day; ship to-night.
Arizona, special shipment to-night to Flor-
ence. $10 50 fare.
To the sawmills, north. 10 lumber pliers. $2
to $2 50 day; one lathman and bolter, $2 23
day.
Free fare, 8 hours, fine long Job, $60; tak»
this.
Woodchoppers, 4-foot wood. $1 80 cord. Men-
doclno, San Luis Oblspo and Tuolumne; tools
and provisions furnished.
Band sawyer and mill hands, $3 SO to $4
day; see boss here.
A — Contractors' Emp. Agency. ; tel. James 3001.
Special cheap refunded fare to Nevada; team-
sters, $2 23 day.
4 woodchoppers. stove wood. $1 73 cord.
Blacksmith helper, must drive and set shoes.
ranch, $40 and found.
Man. milk, attend separation milk, $30 fd.
Sheep herder. $30 and found.
5 lumber pliers. $2 day; cheap fare.
Milker, HO cows, $40 found; milker. 23 cows.
$:Jl> fd.. nr. city. L. H. CUTTINO & CO.
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY.
95 Third st. Telephone Main 6321.
Laborers, free fare, $2.
Arizona laborers. $2. fare $1.0 30.
Southern California teamsters, $2. fare $4 62.
Middle-aged waiter, suburban hotel. $23.
Laborers. $2. near city, big Job.
Milker for San Jose. $33 and found.
HORD & SMITH.
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCT.
602 Clay st. Phone James 2473.
Nevada. Government work. Nevada.
Teamsters, drillers and laborers wanted; full
fare refunded in ten days.
20 Italian laborers, $2 day.
10 Greek laborers, $2 day.
2i> pipe line men, $2 23 day.
Sawmill and planing mill men wanted.
IN GOD WE TRUST.
Golden Gate Employment Office, 1213 Ninth
ave.. off H St.. alongside of Golden Gate Park
and next door to public library — Best mala
help provided for all purposes, city and coun-
try, throughout the States; smallest office
charges: employers please pay half the of flea
fee. Money orders payable to T. SPEAK-
MAN. station G. San Francisco.
ANDRE'S office, 317 Stockton st — Walter.
$10 50 a week; waiter. $1 50 a day for »
hours, steady; dishwasher, machine. $30;
second cook, hospital, $43; butler, $13;
gardener. $40. etc.
A — CATHOLIC man as Janitor for a church
short distance out of city; $23. board and
room; references necessary. MISS PLUN-
KETT, 425 Sutter st. near Powell.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 23 Montgomery, r. 12.
Dishwasher. $30; hotel cashier. $75.
SALESMAN wanted In men's furnishing de-
partment: must be experienced man of pleas-
ing address. Apply superintendent's office,
the Emporium.
TOUNG men everywhere, copy letters, home
evenings. $3 50 week; send addressed en-
velope for particulars. Manager Dept. W 4,
box 1411. Philadelphia, Pa.
GOVERNMENT posltions^ — Call at 923 Golden
Gate ave.. room 7. for free information as
to positions, salaries, age limits, eta.; day
or evenings. 1
A BARBER for one of largest hotels; board,
room and rent free: $50 for stock and good
' will. Address box 1108. Call office.
WANTED— Transitman familiar with railroad
and general surveying. Write, stating fully
experience and salary expected. Pacific Port-
land Cement Co.. Cement. Cat.
STEADY, honest boy, 18 or 13. to assist in baK.
ery and drive wagon. 3 hours morning. 131?
Powell st.
BARBER ship; oldest on water front; owner
made enough money to retire from business:
$500. STOLTZ. 723 Market St.
BARBER shop in city; very desirable location;
running 3 chairs steady and 1 extra: can t>9
bought at bargain. STOLTZ. 723 Market st.
WANTED— Two plaster casters. F. J. RILEY
6 CO.. 643 Hampshire st. _
TO tailors — Pants and vest makers wanted.
Apply at 111 Turk st. _
COACHMAN, careful driver: refereflfces re-
paired: wages $30. 3701 Washington st. city.
BOY to carry bread and help on cakes. Fto-
. neer Bakery. Clay and Mason sts.
WANTED— Barber, Wednesday evening. Satur-
day and Sunday. 1025 Howard st.
STRONG boy to learn blacksmithing; one who
can handle horse; references. 828 Harrison.
RFLIABLE man for city or country: steady;
good wages. 1113 Market st. room 1.
GOOD country hotel barber shop: near city;
low rent; cheap. BERNARD. 104 Seventh st.
BARBER shop for sal« cheap. Inquire H.
BEARNAP. 104 Seventh st. _
BARBER shop; 2 chairs; in Vallejo: must sell
at sacrifice. STOLTZ, 723 Market st.
TWO-CHArR barber shop for sale, cheap. Ap-
ply Call office^ - _____
BARBERS — 3-chalr shop: sickness cause »f sale;
no reasonable offer refused. 100O Valencia »t-
EAirBEK thop for sale; |50, 1391 ULuloa t'-
JOUX D. SPilECKELS. . . .Proprietor
Address Communications to
x6iur> vtXAVGBx::'^:i r.:r:M«n»ger
W. J. MARTIN* Business Manager
TEX DOLLAKS REWAltD.
Notify The Call Office If You Miss
Your Paper.
If for any cause THE CALL la not de-
livered resmlarly to «ub»crlber« plea**
call up "CAM EXCHANGE" and notify
Subscription Clerk in charge. Your com-
plaint will receive proinst attention.
A •taadiaff reward of Tea Dollars
(S1O.OO) i» ofTered for the arrert and
ccavlcUoa of any oae caurbt atealiasr
-rax call.
TELEPHONE.
Afk for THE CALL. The Operator
nect Tou With the Department You >>Mm.
Publication Of nee Market and Third, 8. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson »t
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per w «* k . 7S
CU. Per ttoath. Single Copies 5 C»a
Tens* by Mall. Including Postage (Cash Wltn
Order} : .„ „-
r>AXLT CALL (includ. Sunday). 1 year...?s .w
EAH.T CALL unclud. Sunday). « roos... *_w
DAILY CALL— By E'.ncle Month «J=
FUNDAT CALL. 1 Year J-J™
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Tear •• i-iir*
FOREIGN I g_£k:*t5 ?fr Year lx£
POSTAGE. j weekly 1 00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTE^SARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Bample Copies will be rorwarded when r»-
<iuejted. .
MaU subscriber* in orderlr-g change of ad-
<rets should be -^articular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADI KESS in order t| J 05 "™ a
prompt and correct compliance wltt tneir re-
quest
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway., Telephone Mala 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
SltS Center Etreet Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON? CORRESPONDENT:
6AMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
WaJdorf-Astorla Hotel: A. Brentano. 31
Union t-quare: Murray Hill F.otel; Flfth-ave-
cut Hotel and HoCir.an House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eherman House P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hctel; Paimer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KEOGNE;S..Marquette Building
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
CTEPHEN B S11ITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE cf the San FranoUco
CaJl. corner Market and Third streets; open
i:nll 12 o'clock evrry night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1 K* Market ttreet, opposite Firth; open until
U V- m.
t27 Montgomery street corner Clay; opea
until 9:30 ts. m.
SCO Hayes Etreet; open uctil 9:30 p. m.
C3a McAllister street; open until 8:!>0 p. m.
CIS Larkin street; cl>en until 9:30 p. m.
IM41 Mirtion btreet; opta until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
until :• p. • m.
IM Eleventh etreet: open urtil 9 p. m.
lO&ti Valencia street; cren until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
cpen until 9 p. m.
Ncrthwctt corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ttrtets; cpen until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore etreet; open until 9 p. m.
TO SUBSCIIIB.ERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THE SUMMER.
CALL Subscribers contemplating a
change cf residence during: the summer
siontha can have their paper forwarded
by mail to their new address fcy notify-
ts.g THE CALL Business Oflce. This
paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local
a?snt in all towns on the coast.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodjre of Perfection No «
10. A. and A. fv R., 629 Sutler St.— W
<"al!pj tneenng THIS (WEDXESDiY) /VN
EVENING, at b o'clock. Ninth degree.
\ iEiting brethren cordially invited
CHAP. JELLJNEK. Secretary.
MOUNT MORIAH~Lodee No. 4J. F. and a
A. M. — Cailed meeting THIS "vS^
(WEDNESDAY) EVEKDCO at 7:30 /S/\
o'clock. Third depiee. '
THEO_jFROLICH. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No J39. F. "and ~aT~Z
M.— Third deprfe THIS (WEDXES- «A-C
1»AT) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. By XX
order of the W. M '»'
R. H. McPHERSON. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodse No. 166. F. and A « '
M.— Second drgree THIS mTDXES-VV
DAT) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /^A
H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. lfir». F and K M — »
«~a!;.d matins THIS < WEDNESDAY) "vSr*
EVVXVSG at 7:3" o'clock. Second /V\
degree. R. E. ALLAN, Sec.
KING SOLOMON" S~Lodge~No!~260rF. ®
end A. M... lg.-» Fillmore st. — Second VV
decree THIS 'WEDNESDAY) EVEN-
ING at 7:00 o'r'.ork.
' HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
MORSE Lodge No 257. I. O O. F. Iir-*I7~
—Double initiation THIS EVEN'- jfiHWBflftfc..
ING. .Tur.t 22. A fill attf ndanc r-^* %^}9_!?*3
requested. Good time. Visitor* ¦%&¦..'&&'
cordially Invited. E. F. SCOTT N G.
C. BRIND. Rec. Sec.
F.OUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY, office of
Secretary. New York. June 15. 1904. Notice
to stockholders.
To the Stockholders of Southern Pacific
O-.rnpany:
Notice is hereby riven that the board of
directors cf the Southern Pacific Company
at a meeting this day held, called a special
meeting of the rtockhol^ers of eaid company
to convene at the office of the company in
Keerhmor.t. JcSerscn County. Kentucky, on
Wednesday, the twentieth flay of July, lfiot,
tt 11 o'clock a. m.. standard time to consider
and act upon rerolutions to be brought before
them at eaid meeting In substantially the
form and to the -«?f7ect following, viz:
"Resolved CU. that th«! capital sto<-k of the
Fouthern Pacific '"ompany be Increased one
hundred million dollar* by Issuing one million
additional shsrff of the par value cf one hun-
dred dollars ea^h." 1
"Resolved C). that the said .Increased stock
Fha?l be preferred *tock; that the holders of
>uch preferred rtook *hal! be entitled to divi-
dends la each fi«cal year at Fuch rate, not ex-
ceeding eeven per cei:t per annum, payable
een-ii-annually out cf the net profits, as shall
J« de-lared by the board of directors, berore
*ny dividend dial] be declared on the common
M'-'-k: that such dividends thall be non-cumu-
:-tive; that the holders of euch preferred stock
Khali not liy virtue thereof be entitled to any
r^ner cr further rharc of the profits of the
company; that, uion the dissolution of the
company, voluntarily or otherwise, the holders
of preferred rtock riiall be entitled to have
ihelr chares redeemed at par before any dis-
tribution cf any part of the aFFet* of the com-
pary shall be made to the holders of the com-
mon rtock; that salJ preferred rtock rhall be
irsued and sold from time to time to nuch
•mounts and In surh manner as the board of
directors may authorize and determine, but
at not less than th* par value of the shares -
hat it shall be convertible into common stock
Cbars for rhare. at the option of the holders!
et cny time; and Khali be redeemable at the
option cf the company on or at any time after
he first day of July. 1905. and before the first
<i?y of July. 1910, at one hundred and fifteen
dollars per fchare."
"Resolved r3). that the board of directors
rtiaJ! be and they are hereby authorized to es-
-; !;s!i. from time to time, end enforce all '
inch roles and regulations respecting the is-
roe. sale, redemption and conversion of euch
rtork. not inconsistent herewith,, as In the
adgment of the board may be necessary or
xpedient."
Kor the purpose of Each special meeting the
Flock transfer books of the company will be
closed July 1*. 1001. at 3 o'clock p. tn. and
rtopened Thursday. July 21. 100*. at 10 o'clock
ALEX. MILLAIt. Secretary and Clerk.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
crlved applications to mine by hydraulic pro-
< ' t* from Amador and Sacramento Irrigation
and Mining <>>., (n Dunderhead Mine, at
Michigan Bar. Facramento County, Cal.,
draining into Cosumne* River; from W. E.
Duncan 8r.. In York Ranch Placer Mine,
near Spanish Ranch, Flumas County, drain-
ing into East Branch of North Fork of
Feather River; from E. V. Tiffany and Seth
Je>jker*on. in Treasure Point Mine, near
Fair Play, E! Dorado County. Cal.. drain-
ing into Cedar Creek, which reaches South
Fork of Conumnee River Rives notice that
meeting will be held at Room »<J. Flood
Building, tian Francisco, C&L, July 5, ViOi,
*t 1:20 p. m. .- — -s_ <
YOU DON'T NEED A FORTUNE TO PLACE AN AD IN THE•THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, JUNE. 22, 1901.
13
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. ami I'nfnra. i
' O'FARRELL, 1164— Elegant, newly furnished I
rcoms; front, side, rear; sunny; running
water; references exchanged.
O'FAKRELLs 1520, nr. Buchanan — Large well-
fiirnished room; suitable for. two; $3.
POST, SSO. near Hyde — Large furnished front
room; bath; gas; for 1 or 2 gents.
POST. 1416 — Nice suite furnished rooms; sunny,
bath. gas. modern; nice neighborhood.
POWELL. 1000 (The Virginia)— A snap; ele-
gant front 9Uite; partly furnished; marine
view; running water.
ROYAL House. 128 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 SO; week, $2
to $8; menth. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SUTTER. S01 (Larchmont) — Nice furnished
rms; central, convenient, modern, reasonable.
SUTTER, 614 (Westminster)— Handsomely fur-
nished sunny bay-window suites of rooms. _
TAYLOR. 624, cor. Sutter — Sunny bay-window*
front room; suitable for two; $12.
TirE~l3T. KATHRTN. ¦
N. E. COR. LEAVENWORTH AND
ELLIS— SUNNIEST AND CLEANEST
ROOMS IN THE CITY; BATHS: HOT
AND COLD WATER IN EVERY
ROOM; ELEVATOR SERVICE: MOD-
ERN CONVENIENCES; FROM $3
PFR WEEK.
THE FALMOUTII, 1049A Market st.— Sunny
rooms; hot and cold water; elevator; $2 to $7.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — W0
vooma, 'J5c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read.-room; free bus: baggage.
! WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St.. near Market —
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $3 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Blxtft st.— Rooms from 15c
to $1 per night and from 00c to $5 per week.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan * Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Op~n until 11 p. m.
BOOMS A~P BOAKP/
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
THIS SELECT FAMILY »H0TEL, BEAUTI-
FULLY SITUATED ON THE FINEST COR-
NER OF VAN NES3 AVE.. NOW THOR-
OUGHLY RENOVATED AND EQt)IPPED
WITH ALL THE LATEST IMPROVEMENTS.
IS READY TO RECEIVE GUESTS.
1015 VAN* NESS. COR. GEART.
APPLY TO MRS. E. WINDELE, MANAGER.
HOTEL HATTON. 077 Pine — New modern
suites and single; special inducements to
tourists and country visitors; convenient to
th-aters and trade center; reasonable.
BRADBURY HOTEL, 1604 California st.
TABLE UNEXCELLED: REASONABLE.
SPECIAL RATES FOR THE SUMMER.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1031, nr. Jefferson Park
—Newly furnished rooms: bath: private fam-
ily; good board: $20 and $23; two. $.T2 and $35.
VAN NESS 2511 — Nicely furnished rooms;
running water, bath and phone; breakfast
and Unner If desired. I
GOUGH. 1120. near O'Farrell — Beautiful sunny
rms. excellent home cooking. $20;2 meals $1S.
BUSH. 700 — Nicely furnished rooms with table
board; prices reasonable^
EDDY, 112?. opp. Jefferson Fk.— Nicely fur.
sunny rooms; table board: reas.; new mang't.
GEARY. 501. Hotel L' Aiglon— Family rooms
and board; entirely renovated; reas. prices.
HOTEL STEWART. 1101 Pine— Large sunny
single rooms; also small suite.
JOHNSTON (The). €05 O" Farrell St.— Sunny
r.wm.«, with board; beautiful grounds; refs.
LEAVENWORTH, 1023 — Large sunny room
with board: bath; phone; 2. 3 or 4 gentlemen.
THE CROCKER. Pine and Leavenworth sts.—
"large sunny suite; also single room.
TURK. S22 — Sunny rooms and good board;
reasonable.
ROOMS AND BOARD WASTED.
BOARD and room wanted In private family by
young man: state terms. Box 1103, Call.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
THE San Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum
Society gives notice that, owing to the prev-
alence of scarlatina throughout the city, the
««ylum will be closed to visitors on Friends'
day. June 24. 1904. SUSAN RUSSELL
SPOTTM. Secretary.
X VU W UXTEBS_ AND B (Jir-XjXES.
AN except'onally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier. $25: other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. The
Typewriting Exchange, 53C California st.
A FEW Rood typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st
2D HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 608 Market.
. VIAYI.
MOTHERS' and daughters' home treatment;
booklet mailed free; correspondence invited.
VIA VI CO.. 23C4 Van Ness ave.
mvii)c\n notices.
DIVIDEND Notice: Humboldt Savings Bank.
IS GeAry st. — For the half year ending June
30 a dividend on deposits has been declared
at the rate of ;t',» per cent per annum, free
of taxes, payable on and after July 1. W04.
W. E. PALMER, Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice — Savings and Loan Society,
101 Montgomery St.. corner Sutter. has de-
clared a dividend for the term ending June
30, 1004, at the rate of three and one-quarter
(:tVi ) per cent per annum on all deposits, free
of taxes and payable on and after July 1,
10C4. CYRUS W. CARMANY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— San Francisco and Sub-
urban Home Building Society, fifth floor.
Mutual Savings Bank building. 708 Market
at., opposite Third— For the half year end-
Ins June 30, 19C4, a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate per annum of ten (10) per
cent on capital stock and participating cer-
tificates, free from taxes, payable on and
after Friday. July 1. 1904.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD. Manager.
HUGH CIIAIG. Secretary and Cashier. ,
DIVIDEND Notice: California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company, corner California and
Montgomery sts.-^For the six months ending
June 30. 1004. dividends have been declared
on deposits in the savings department of thla
company as follows: On term deposits, at
the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per annum, and on
ordinary deposits at the rate of 3 per cent
per annum, free of taxes and payable on and
after Friday. July 1. 1J04.
J. DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
THE Continental Building and Loan Asiwcla-
tlon, corner of California and Battery streets,
Ean Francisco, has declared a dividend of
8 per cent per annum on Class "A" and
"F" stock, 6 per cent on term deposits and
5 per cent on ordinary deposits, for the six
months ending June 30, 1004. i
WASHINGTON DODGE. President. '
WILLIAM CORBIN. Sec. & Gen. Mgr.
DIVIDEND Notice: San Francisco Savins*
Union. 532 California at., corner Webb. —
For the half year ending with the 30th of
June, 1904, a dividend has been declared at
the rate per annum of three and one-halt
dVi) per cent on term deposits and three (3)
per cent on ordinary deposits, free of taxes,
payable on and after July 1. 1004.
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice: The German Savings and
Loan Society. ft2G California St.— For the half
year ending June 30. 1D04. a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and one-
quarter Cl'i) per cent per annum on all de-
posits * free of taxes, payable on and after
, Friday, July 1, 1004.
GEORGE TOURNEY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice: Mechanics' Savings Bank,
southwest corner Bush and Montgomery sts.
— For the half year ending with June 30.
1904 a dividend has been declared at the
rate of three and one-quarter (3fc> per cent
per annum on all deposits, free of taxes, pay-
able on and after Friday. July 1. 1904.
FREDERICK H. CLARK, Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE: Mutual Savings Bank
of San Francisco, 710 Market st. — For the
half year ending June 30. l»O4. a dividend
has been declared at the rate of three and
one-quarter (3 H) P«r cent per annum on all
deposits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Friday. July 1. 1904.
, OEO. A. STORY. Cashier.
CLAREMONT Oil Company on July 1, 1304
will pay a dividend (No. 1) of 1 cent per
share on its issued capital stock at its of-
fice, room 31. seventh floor. Mills building:
transfer books close on Saturday. June 23
. 1904. at 1 p. — . GEOROE J. REMINGTON.
-Secretary. '
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
TO Whom It May 'Concern: I am ~ o longer
interested in the bakery at 1527 Mission st.
D. J. MOHONEY.
RKAI. ESTATE CITY — FOR SALIC.
EXECUTOR'S
AT AUCTION . •
THURSDAY. JUNE 23. liMH,
¦^ AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON
AT OUR SALESROOM. £5 POST ST.
BY ORDER OF JOHN GARBER.
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF
CORNELIA B. STANLEY, Deceased.
GRAND CORNER
OPPOSITE CALIFORNIA HOTEL.
.1 FRONTAGES.
BUSH ST.— MARY LANE — MARTIN ST.
(Bet. Kearny st. and Grant ave.)
LOT 40x120 FEET.
PRESENT RENTS $3000 PER ANNUM, KET
WE HAVE A TENANT WHO WILL TAKE
A TEN- YEAR LEASE ON A NEW
7-KTORY BUILDING IF ERECTED ON THIS
LOT. AND WILL PAY A RENTAL NET-
TING 6 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
TERMS CASH SUBJECT TO AP-
PROVAL OF SUPEP.IOR COURT.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
AUCTIONEERS.
25 POST STREET.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Our new office at Oceanside attracts attention.
But nothing like our new lots. '
Everybody wonts them; celect one quick.
$500 to $1200— easy terms.
On car line and fronting park; unobstructed
view of ocean: all graded, ready to build on.
"Oceanside" Branch Office cor. 47th ave.
and II st. Open Sundays and holidays.
$75 to $250 — Near park and ocean: $5 monthly.
$250 to $1000 — Choicest Richmond lots; In-
* $150 to $150— Level Excelsior Homestead lots.
$050 to $5000 — Modern cottages In Sunset,
Richmond. Occanside and Excelsior Home-
1 stead: easy terms.
Sunset Branch Office on Ninth ave., near H st
SOL GETZ A SON, Owners and Dealers.
Room 64, Fourth Floor, Chronicle Building.
$1 25 PER week: no interest; lots in the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract; all level; no grad-
ing to do; ready to build your little home
en; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st., room 5.
JOSEPH STRAUB, 630 MARKET ST.
$2ijOO — Good 5-room and bath cottage; lot
32:<J ft. front: near Valencia and 23d.
jtjToii — o flats of 4 rooms each: good condi-
tion: rents $71 &0; $3700 cash; cheap.
$1300 — Good cottage of 4 rooms: large lot.
$8500^ — Modern residence; opposite Alamo
square: line view; key lot: bargain.
THE residence. 2t>lS_Paciflc ave., to be sold at
auction at the salesrooms of A. J. Rich &
Co., 112 Montgomery st.. on Thursday, at 12
o'clock m., June, 30. Said building to bi
torn down or removed from the premises 10
days thereafter.
FREE homnsttad presented by Uncle Sam un-
der new Government canal In Nevada. Sen
J. E. GORDON. 623 Crossley bldg., 2:30 to 5
p. m. daily.
FIVE-ROOM cottage; porcelain plumbing,
modern Improvements, laundry, yard: rent
$25; north side of O'Farrell st.; $3600 only.
Inquire 1301 Devrsadero st.
MONEY at C per cent for the full cost of build-
ings and part lot. Manhattan Savings Bank.
107-S Crocker building.
$0."><t>— Howard St.. north line. bet. 7th and Rth,
25x00; lmprov. DONNELLY CO.. 6:J2 Market.
ALL work . guaranteed -. first class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. 838 Howard st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cants — The Weekly Call.
1C paces, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
I'OINT RtCHMOM) HEAL ESTATE.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT, at Stege. on Santa Fe
and electric roads; land $300 per acre; lots
.'OK'JMi a t $150; orchard of 15 acres and
buildings, $400 per acre; monthly payments;
¦end for maps, etc. HAIGHT. 401 Cal.st..S.F.
KEAL ESTATE— Conn try — For Sale.
~~~ -WHITE & BA YLEY, "™™~~™""
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$12,500— Splendid stock ranch and general
farm 'JfJOO acre?; 4 miles from Courthouse,
Mendoclno County; 200 acres tillable; 2 com-
plete sets of farm buildings; well supplied with
w.tter and an abundance of live oak timber;
there are several patches suitable for alfalfa.
fHOOO — Only 3 is miles of Geyservllle. the Gem
of Sonoma County; \i mile good school; rural
mail delivery; 60 acres; .'50 acres rich bottom
land: 2 acrt-s orchard; 15 acres vineyard, all
bearing; S acres alfalfa; well lenced and crot»
fenced; 5-room house, 2 good barny, nice
spring; have other bargains in this superb sec-
tion.
t25CO— 13 acres level land. 7 miles of San
Jose: all In vineyard: house.
$2000 — JO-acre dairy and |K>ultry ranch, 1
mile of town: hill land: 2 houses: barn: corral;
poultry housed,. 2 incubators; 2 brooders; farm-
Ing tools; fenced; 4 cows; 2 horses; 225 chick-
en." ; tine market.
$i;C0 — One minute's walk of church and
school. 4 mile* of town; 1V4 acres; nice 4-room
house; large barn; poultry houses: rich garden
land with easterly slupe; on main sprinkled
road; rural delivery; ideal poultry farm.
$;i20O— Ir. city limits of l'vtalutna: i'H acres;
neat cottage; barn; 5 poultry houses; 2 brood-
er*; 1 incubator; 2 wagons; harnrts: horse;
Jers?y cow; 4ZO chickens; all In bezrlng fruit:
see photos of select Petaluma homes at thU
o'flcc.
J30CO — 3 miles of Santa Rosa; 200 acres; ZO
acres tillable soil; 500 cords of wood; house;
barn; running water: 10 hend of cattle: 25 h?nd
of hog*: other bargains In this superb section.
$CCO — Only 1 mil" of town; SO arres; houa».
trees, vines, berries; 15 acre3 bottom land;
plater and u.uarw. gold; 2 garden patches, out-
side range, tools, furniture; forced sale.
$4000 — Near Merced City, on main road; 10
acres rich land; 5 acres bearing olives, 10
act*-s alfalfa: 5"4 acres bearing orchard; 2
¦ucIIb; all under ditch; fine cottage. 5 rooms;
steel windmill ajsd tank; Kocd barn; toolhouse;
granary; poultry houses; Incubator houses; nice
Income; cash or trade bay counties property.
ALFALFA LANDS.
Rich black land, near Stockton, subdivided In
small tracts at $C5 per acre; one-third of crop
with place.
Adjoining the town of Lrtli, both bearing
vineyard I.iini and unimproved under ditch:
$125 to $IW> per acre.
$50 per acre: 10 acres up; under ditch; 4>4
miles lrcm Lodl. on main county road; also
Ian-; on the Stanislaus ditch as low as $45 an
aCre * GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
We have several parties with good Income
property to trade for cheap country homes; also
lodging-houses: many cash buyers: list your
property.
$2500— GO acres; C miles from Santa Crus; 20
acres under cultivation, balance rolling anJ
I so:ne steep; small orchard and vineyard, bear-
ing; cood 7-room house, barn, outbuildings:
bank forf-closure; $."W0 down and balance
monthly payments If desired.
$5000 — Best ranch in Southern Oregon; :!20
acres; 2 sets' good improvements; well fenced:
orchard; 5 horses: farming tools; outside range.
145OU— 30 acres close to Morgan Hill, Santa
Clara County; : 20 acres bearing orchard and
vineyaid. 10 acres hill pasture; nice hard
finished cottage of 5 rooms; outbuildings; fine
lnoomi ; • would trade for income city property.
$ji50 — Only C ' miles from Courthouse: SO
acres- orchard, vineyard, bouse, outbuildings;
paxt «.n»h; near Red Bluff. ,
$17,000— Finest ranch In San Joaquln County.'
between Stockton and Lodi; water near sur-
face; good house, outbuildings, barn, corrals;
450 acres rich land, 1 mile of Calaveras Rlvtr,
on main road: mortgage ?!>000; would trade for
flrat-class property near city.
Country hotel, live town; Alameda County!
lot S0x200; fine trade; 14 .large rooms; house
for help; large stable; outbuildings; opposite
ntw xtatlon; $3500.
$2230— 10 acres, all In apricots Just com-
mencing to bear; d miles from San Jose; lovely
home: iialf cash.
$1700— In Sonoma City; 3% acres; all level;
good house, barn, .windmill, tankhouse; 13 poul-
try house*' and yards; some ulfalfa; spring
wagon, BOO chickens: feedhouse.
$3500— 130 acres east of San Jose; 128 acres
in hay; good Boll. ¦ '
Send stamp for printed list.
WHITE A BAYLET.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE. , »
• '26 Montgomery St.,>Room 8.
Property Exchanges a Specialty.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
viney-inls; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. ; C, M. WOOSTER CO., 848
Market. sU,'\ ¦ .-.. '.• . . ._';¦
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to . any address in the
,• United States or Canada one year for 1L .
SEWING MACHINES AND H'f FLIE^'
THE WHITE 18 KINO.
Best automatic furniture.
Best ball-bearing stand.
Best vibrator and rotary shuttle.
Best lock and chain stitcb.
Best sewing machine on earth.
Best machines at $3.00 per month.
Best machines to rent at $2.00 per month.
WHITE SEWING MACHINE CO..
Retail offices. 30tt Pest ST..
1*4 1 Flllmore st. anil 703 Valencia st.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tlc office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
NEW HOME— See our new triple-feed ma-
chines: slightly used; $10. $15. $20: second-
hand. $3 $3. $*: all styles; guaranteed. New
Hcme Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market et.
STUTTEIU.NG AND STAMMEIIINO.
AT Melbourne Institute, Van Ness it Market.
is taught celebrated Molboume system: only
Melbourne in U. S. : private; established :l
years in 8. F. Tel. Mint 262G from t to 5 p.m.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Charles E. Gordon. 23. 40 McAllister street,
and Margaret Lansdell. S3. 55 Franklin street.
Andrew Sargenti. 32 :ll!> Proadway, and
Vittorlna GilardI, 26. 31!> Broadway.
Wallace Wllkle. 2». «3» Steiner street, and
Florence A. Kelly. 23. 47.'» Eddy street.
William A. Sherman. 21. Astoria. Or., and
I Mary F. Lussey 21, Si.S Hush street.
Emll C Bros*." 2.;, 27J» Crescent avenue, and
Emma Brunnenkant. 23. Sxxrt MI»s4r>n street.
Emil M. Stein. 22 71 A Woodward avenue.
: and I>rtha Wood. 22. 13.1S Fourteenth street.
Ifarrey La Rue. 31. R«W Capp street, and
Lulu Conner. 25 Lodl. New Jersey.
William D. Heryford. 31. lCfS Geary street.
and Mary C. Sexton. 23, Sacramento.
Robert W. McKnlght, 21, Napa, and Bessl*
Barnes, 21. Napa.
James D. Sullivan. 2*5. 276 Ninth street, and
Ellen McCarthy. 24. city.
Paul F. Fratessa. 21. R9S Berlin street, and
JulU M. Glennon. IS. 31 Cumberland street.
Paul EL Burr 37. 711 Harr'son street, and
Cornelia Broderick. 3H. 711 Harrison street.
BffiTHS— MBfflABES— DEATHil
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
rcail will net be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices an.i b»
Indorsed with the name and residence of pei-
sona authorised to have the same published.
Notice* restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of chare-e.
BORN.
BURKH— In this city. Jut. ft 20. 1304, t» th«
wife of Hush W. Burke, a son. v
HART — In this city June 17. WQ4. to the
wife of Mark I. Hart, a daughter.
HILTON— In this city. June 17. 1D<H. to th»
wife of Joseph II. Hilton, a daughter.
RIDEOUT— In th!» city, June 17. 1D04. to th» v
wife of Captain Walter R. Rldeout. a daugh-
ter.
ROSENBERG — In Melrose. Ma«s.. June 19.
lfWH. to the wife of Leonard U. Rosenbei*.
a -laughter. .
MARRIED..
ANNIXTER— MARTIN— In this- city. Mar 15.
1!KH by the Re*. Dr. M. S. Levy, Ben An-
nlxter and MIs» Henrietta Martin.
BECKER— MEINEKE — In Berkeley. AI»-
mMa County. Cal., June 13 U*v$. b» th«
Rev. F. W. F.sch«r. pastor rf Ernanuel Evan,
gellcal Church Philio Packer of San Fran-
cisco and Frieda Melneke of Berkeley, Cal.
GOODSTEIN — CARO — In this city. June If>.
1904. by the Rev. Dr. M. 3. Levy. Maurice L.
Goodsteln of San Jacinto, Cal., and lUi-l
Belle Carn.
HARRIS— MAY— In thU city. May 1. 1004. by
the Rev. Dr. M. S. Levy. Isador Harris and
Ida May.
LEOPOLD— NEWMAN— In this city. May 3.
1904. by the Rev. Dr. M. S. Levy. Ed. Leo-
pold and Adeline Newman.
LIEERMAN— MEYER— In this city. June 13.
l»O4. by the Rev. Dr. M. S. . Levy. Joseph
J. Llberman and Els* Meyer.
WOLFF— SIMON— In this city. May 13. 1901.
by the Rev. Dr. M. S. Levy, Isaac Wolff and
Hat t;« Simon. «
DIED.
Allen. O. S. King. Tlugh
Birchall Grace M. McDonald. Julia A.
Blunt, Thomas F. Mitchell, James F.
Clancy. James O'Leary. Mary ,A,
Demartlni. Rcsa O'Nell. Thomas
Graf. Erik O'Reilly. Michael
Johnson. Harriet Peachy, Frank A.
Jackson. Martin Seyden. Helena D.
Kallstrom, Rosanna Williams, Lilly M.
ALLEN— The funeral of the late G. S. Allea
will be held to-day (Wednesday) from Metz-
ler's undertaking parlors, *S6 Washington
street, at 10 o'clock. Friends invited.
Funeral by train.
BLUNT— In Alameda. June 19. 1004. Thomas
F * beloved son of Thomas and Margaret
Blunt and brother of Mrs. Nellie Spanger-
berg. Mrs. Joseph E. Pierce and Charles
Blunt, a native of Salem. Mas*
C3TFri«nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his lat.»
residence. 213.1 Encinal avenue, thence to>
St. Joseph's Church Alameda, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for th»
repose of his soul. Interment St. Mary'*
Cemetery.
BIRCHALL— In this city. June 19. 1904, Gracs
M.. beloved wife of EJw. W. Birchall, daugh-
ter of Mrs. Mary Walt, and sister of Wil-
liam Walt and Mrs. S. B. Korn. a natlve>
of Santa Rosa. Cal.. aged 2:! years 10 month.*
and 11 days. (Santa Rosa papers p!eas«
copy).
C7"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of Mrs. S. B. Korn. No. 1111 Devlsa-
dero street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cem-
etery, by 3:30 o'clock train leaving Third
and Townsend streets.
CLANCY — In this city, June 20, 1004. James,
dearly beloved son of George and Clar*
Clancy, and grandson of Mrs. B. Clancy and
Mr. M. Cuneo, a native of San Francisco.
aged ft months and U days.
tjTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the re«i-
dence of his parents. 936 Filbert street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DEMAKTINI— In this city, June 20. 1004,
Rosa beloved wife of the late Paul Demar-
tlni, 'and loving mother of Victor. Emello.
Charles and Lena Demartinl and Mrs. Louis
C. Grandona. a native of Italy, aged StJ
years.
C~Fr!end!i and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her lat»
residence. .'.15 Union street, thence to Sts.
Peter and Paul's Italian Church, where -*
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the>
repose of her soul, commencing at 11 o'clock.
Interment Italian Cemetery.
GRAF — In thla city. June 20. 1904. Erik, be-
loved Infant child of Edmond and Henrietta
Graf, a native of Germany, aged C months
and "-« days.
JACKSON— In this city. June 21. 1904. Martin,
beloved husband of Sarah L. Jackson, and
father of Laurets Jackson, a native o£
Varda. Denmark, aged 64 years and S
months. A member of Harbor Lodg* No.
253 Odd Fellows.
CTRemalns at the parlors of the United
Undertakers. 8»;« Mission street, between
Fourth and Fifth.
JOnNSON— In thla city. June 21. 1904. Har-
riet Jonnson. beloved wife of Edward John-
son loving- mother of Orace Johnson, and
sister of Mr». William Johneon. and the la: »
William Bonnere, a native of Folsom, Cal.,
aged 38 years S months and S days.
KALLSTROM— In this city. June 21. 1!KM.
at her residence. 1715 Jones street. Ro-
sanna, dearly beloved mother of Captain
Chariea K. Kallstrom of Seattle, Herman K .
George W., E. Ben Frank F. and Hattl*
Kallstrom Mrs. Louise Eckhardt aad Mrs.
Llllie Meyers, and sister of Kate English ,
of Stockton, and the late Mary Olson an I
the late Margaret CConnell. a native of
Dundalk. County Leuth. Ireland, aged 64
years.
C~ Not Ice of funeral hereafter.
KING — In Lorln. Berkeley. Cal.. June 2O. 1904.
Hugh, beloved son of the late Michael an.i
Miry KID*, a native of California, aged 41
yea re.
1 ETFrlends and acquaintance* are respect-
j fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
I (Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 1612 Felton street. Berkeley, thanes
to St. Columba's Church. San Pablo ana
Alcatrax avenues, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repos* ot his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. IntermenJ St.
Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
McDONALD— In this city. June 20. 1904. JulU
. .> Continued on Page Fourteen.
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannanan A Gallagher.
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. M«T .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
SO Fifth »t.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Em batmen -
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.
NOW at SOB MISSION. TeL Sooth 1W.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth «, :
Finest Equipments at Moderate rates. J
IIOnSHS AXD WAGONS — Continued.
FINE river bottom par'.urase;'gretn feed year
r.-Hind; near Black Diamond, Contra Cotta
County. Nucleus Stables, 1S*O Stevenson. S.F\
5_GOOD horses for sale cheap. 327 Sixth it.
WANTED— Horf-e (sound) for delivery wagon.
iioi Kit, CtM. ofii>.
WANTED — To buy a bBSKTI must be in good
reimir. Pox SJ2. Call office.
WANTED — Sir.sle eet buggy harness. Box
354S. Call ofnee.
NEW and wcond-hand wagrn!>, all kinds, at
1C1S Market »t., opp. Franklin.
WAGONETTE?, currrys. btiRgies. w 3 pons. har-
ness. T.-crk and driving horses. ISth-Volenrla.
HORSES A.jrD_BUGGIE3_POB SALE.
5-SEATED leather-t<n> surrey. Al condition,
eriifclally cnmp!n£. accommodate •"» i>"rsons;
R'J*'. KLEIN, 'sm Minion St., near Nine-
teenth.
HOCSKS TO LET.
A^niLNVElnH£it"~oOi-jU:-cs to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. I'MBSCN & Co.. 20 Montgomery.
HARR1Et7~135— Nice house. 7 rooms, bath,
gas, basement and yard; in fine condition.
IN VESTMKXTS.
GOOD investment — A limited numser of shares
at 25c per share; this stock will be worth
j cne dcllar (Jl) per rhare wnwn a year: call
cr write Osceola Mining and Development
Company. 414 Crossley hullding. S. F.
LOST AM) FOU.M).
LOST — Monday. Jure 20. tan wrist bag con-
taining money, jewelry and keys. Return
to 204 Clara st. and receive reward.
LOST — Pearl opera-glass handle. Suitable re-
s ward if returned to 1M2 Geary St.
LOST — A brown purse with a sum of money.
Return and receive a good reward. 119
Fourth st.
' LOST — Lady's gold specimen p!n; valued as
keepsake; reward. L. B. WELLER. 3:t5 od.
LAPHCHIS rOB ~~E.
C. A. McNEILL LAt'NcJTcO., toot oV Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tei. Bush S!H.
3. Michaelis Launch Co..Ucion-st. Wharf; boat-
Ing A excursions. 5 Steuart st. ; tel. John 2f>S6.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sur; and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
ere painlces and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE- 17 >ears" experience in all f»-
rr.ale disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE.
7C2 Market et., rooms 7 and_£ :
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities: instant relief
guaranteed: SO years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles *nd Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 10CSU Market St.. opp. 6th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— Ah who are sick or
In trouble consult this epecialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
Drs. Qoodwla. 7X1 Turk, above Van Ness — Ex-
pert in obstetrics, female complaints: ins-t.
relief: treatment $10; hours 10 to 5: 25 yrs. ex.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original .nethod of treatment. 112C> Market.
LADIES' Irregularities cured; 18 years' ex.;
private. DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Keamy «t.
LADIES — Kumround: safe. sure, never fails;
$2. Gleafcon-RucsU's Drug Co..lCearny & Clay.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having secured lease of
premise*, u permanently located at 511A
Leavenworth St.. bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
DR. ROSEN resides 2095 Folsom St.. corner
2fith: U4iee. relief or no fee: $10.
' MUSICAL IVSTRniEXTS.
AAAAA— FINE assortment of second-hand up-
rights frcm $40 up. including such makes as
Cfcickerlng. Vose. Steinway. Steck. Knab*.
Mathushek. Sterling. Curtax. Erard and
many others on easy payments. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON. 1C O'Farrtll et.
PIANOS for rent; $3 per month: the largest
and best stock in San Francisco to select
from; pianos from $30 upward; our line the
best, our prices the lowest. SCOTT CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 5rtO-ft4 Hayes st.
A FISCHER upright, piano for sale; good as
new; $135. 237 Geary st.
AT firewood prices; unredeemed storage pianos
aad furniture. Whltehead's storage, 1630 Mkt.
$C0 FOZt a fine upright. If you want a bargain
call at HORNUNGS. 216 McAllister.
GOOD standard upright piano for sale; $85.
STATHAM. 110 McAllister st.
EOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post St.
$1C5 — STEINWAY upright; private party; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. ECHMITZ & CO., 1C McAllister at.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chickering baby grand;
Fhonir.ger, little used. Keeffe's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOIt SALE.
liOlLI'RS. engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPM.AN. 195-197 Fremont »t.
DOES TOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roof*.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought sold,
rentt-d and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
reefs with Asbestos Roof Paint: guaranteed
to step all '<-ak« In the one and preserve the
new. 205 Front »t. ; tel Main 1428.
A— FINE suits. $7 50: dress pants. $2 .'.0. Ortg- i
Inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 2SS Kearny at.,
near Buth; open to 9 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, eo-
gines. boilers, water pipe, Fhaftlng pulley*,
etc. WIHTELAW. 2T,3-_C5 Spear st.
! CENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
i suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 23
£tocktcn st.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
email weekly payments. United Lean and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.
FOR sale — A copy of the Ulster County Ga-
zette of Jan.. 1800; valuable curiosity; party
needs money; make offer. Box 3586, Call.
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton St.,
«jpEtarrs.
ALTERATION sal-— Best $2 50 hats. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny St., near
Pine: open to 9 p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at tl and $1 50 pair:
foot-fcrm shoes at $2 50; we psy express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
SECOND-HAND sealskins, old gold and dla-
monds bought; send postal; will call. New
Municipal Loan Office. C17 'Washington st.
' FOR sale — 12-ton schooner yacht Flyaway; 45
J feet long. Address C. C. MORTON, steamer
• Arabs. Fulton Iron Works."
FINE old vlclln and 'fine case, cost $150; for
sale cheap at 511 Taylcr ?t.
EVERLASTING s'.zr.f. letters, numbers; only
makers In State. BAKER'S. 21 Spear st.
SAFES and <le>ks: new and second-hand; pries
right at Richardson Bros'., 181G Market st.
ONE solitaire blue-white diamond ring, about
1% karat*. $1S5. 10 Sixth st.
BKST white lead 7c per pound: to painters
Uss. BUTCHER. 741 Mission st. - ¦ .
AWNINGS. tents,new.swond-hand. SUN TENT
fc AWNING CO..42 Spear St.; tel. John C480.
TENTS for rent or sale. ROSS MeMAHON
' TENT A. AWNING Co.,35 Mkt.Tel.Bush 858.
PIGEONS— All the leading varieties; stamp for
catalogue. C WILSON, office 229 Stevenson.
BRITANNICA Encyclopedia, latest edttlon. 31
vols. KINO'S. Cl McAllister St.. nr. Market
I EDISON Phonograph Agency. -Peter Badgalupl,
moved to 7S« Mission St.
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap: some
new; lOxlg. 319 Third st. ; tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
SAFES and cash registers, new and secood-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
13 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck * Co.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES—^few and second-hand. THE HE~
MANN SAFE CO.'. S07 Battery st
MOVINO pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard it Breck. 131 Post st. '
SAFES— New and second-hand. B. B. BECK
it CO.. 122 Market st.
'iivcKi,(,»\r:nc« for s«i,f — **«»
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches-
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 4i; Fremont st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ¦
BIG prices paiil for old gold, seaUkins, dia-
mond? gents' fu!l dress suits, etc.; send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton tL
X— MORRIS elves highest price*! for ladles' &
pents' castoff clothini;: postal. 1)13 Folsom.
HIGHEST price paid for casteff clothing. Tel.
Davis fe23; CSO Sacramento »t.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st. : tel. Jessie 2851.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 7K2 Mission: phone Bush 467.
MOXEY TO LOAN.
AAA^HERMAN MURPHY.
CCl-GC2-tW;5 Examiner building.
Quirk settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly. j
Kstates. second mortgages, undivided Inter- j
ests ; assignments of rents; property In trust,
etc.*; legacies, life- estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased. . -
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILoTToAN
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgagee, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Lo w rate of Interest.
Give full particulars . a
of property or chattels, \J
Location, etc.
Box 400. Call office.
A~ EASY PAYMENT LOANS.
We will make strictly confidential loan on
your piano, furniture or security of any kind;
this Is a trust company; our system gives
you cheaper rate, longer time and, more
money than any one else in city; liberal ad-
vances marie to salaried people on their notes;
don't fail to see us. ILLINOIS TRUST CO.,
rm. 1«, Phflan bldg.. Market and O'Farrell.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453, Parrott bldg.
AAA — Interest C per cent (read Sunday papers).
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK
...City Oakland. Town. Country Property...
MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (city agents).
107-S Crocker building— Post- Market sts.
HIGHLY respectable private plare to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
846 Market; tel. Main_1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protected
from hurjrlaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE, 25 Stockton; phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; large business in 4H*
principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrctt bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
»t. (upstair?), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
1 PSR cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission: no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 20 Montgomery et., rm. 7.
MONEY to loan at low Interest: gold, silver,
diamonds pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav. Bk.
bid.; Oakland office. 1103>i Urdwy.. B ulte 1-2.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton St.
ALL loans on diamonds ami Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM Jl TO $10,000.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency, 143 Pheian bldg.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 708 Market st.
1^4 PER cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFVING. G10 Hearst bid., Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried peopU on notes without
Indf'rser. MORELL. 6W Exnmlner building.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
HOWARD. 1CC0 — Store, with rooms; fine place
for business; rent $30.
PERSOrVALS.
A PUIT or oVercoat, including one extra pants
free, made to ordtr for $15; why buy on in-
stallments or ready made if you can get bar-
eairs like this? Agent wanted. LEON
LEMOS. 1127 Market st. bet. 7th and Sth.
DR. ItOWF.LL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism. paralyplJ, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWKLL & BROWN. 32 Turk ft.. S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, lm-
e>rovc!> iti> growth, stops falling.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no Ftaln or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists'. hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star RemedyC'o.,l£iS Polk.
IF this meets the eyes of ELLF.N MURPHY or
any cne knowing her, who landed here in 18C0,
will confer a favor on J. MURPHY by ad-
dressing 1244 Howard 6t., San Francisco.
Cancerous tamps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
,«kin. mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
skilled ?pec1all!>t from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmucy. .'K!>» Grant ave. Worst esses cured.
"VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness, drains, varlcocc'.e,
etc.; easily worn; $2 50 postpaid; physicians
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co.. 140 Geary, K.F.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor, 721 Market st.
YOU* can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 SO per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post et.. near Powell.
GO to "The Launston," 110 E3dy St., for nice,
quiet rooms and low prices.
ALLmy friends are welcome at my new sa-
loon. C40 Commercial st. J. I. AZEVEDO.
SUPERFLUOUS lialr & moles removed by elec- i
trie needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Travers.ll70 Market.
TAILOR-MADE euit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
MIsMt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
Actlna restores lf>et eyesight; cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 10th, nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 36!) Sut-
ter. r. 600. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 33.
ccstumes. play books. wIrs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO..733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna rentorca gray
hair to Its natural color; $1 at all drug-gists.
PALMISTIIY.
A— MME. LYMAN . scientific palmist, recently
from Eayt. 510 Eddy St.; phone Polk 4011.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 513
Taylcr St., near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. V P. MEDINA at-
torn<y-at-law. tt Hobart bldg.. 532 Market St.
PHYSICIANS AXD SL'HGKONS.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL^^flcT^nTTcsidemie*
1021% Market St.. bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar aUentlon paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1C73% Market St.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor;
treats all diseases of the human' body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at C6*i Geary st., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CUT, successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal, berb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— Al! dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 74C-8 Clay st.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
- 731 Howard st., nr. Third; phone Grant Hil.
A— GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storace
packing, shipping warehouse, G. G. and Van
Ne6s; office 1170 Market, r, 43; tel. South 750.
P1ERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co. of-
fice Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Pri. Ex. '571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan- j
dlsJ. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 120. I
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 840
Mission «t.: tel. Howard 041. F.W.Zehfuse.
PACIFIC Storage *nd Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
tt., tel. Main 18-10. Shipping at cut rates,
SPECIALISTS. 7~
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. CcUlngham, 204 Sutter st. .
HRU. ESTATE— -CtTY--FOn SAL~.
W. J. GUNN~ """ " "" '
630 CALIFORNIA ST.
' (Savings Union Building.)
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
• JUST OFFERED FOR THE FIRST TIME:
ALL READY FOR BUILDING: STREET
WORK ALL DONE; WELL LOCATED: ELE-
VATED AND SITELY; MARINE VIEW;
VERY CHEAP; NORTH OF THE PARK:
CLOSE TO 3 LINES CARS. 6OME OF THESE
IX>TS CAN BE PURCHASED AS LOW A3
$!)85 TO $11O<>. SOUTH OF THE PARK, OX
THE SAME AVENUE, LOTS SCLL READILY
AT S1C0O.
$2S0O— New cottage residence, just built; north
side A st.; 25x100; 4 rooms, bathroom.
basement; well built for owner's own use;
a bargain; cheaper to own this than pay
rent; easy payment:/; a step from 'J lines
cars.
$3400 — Two-story pretty residence; Seventh
ave.. north of the park; ready this week; i
fl rooms! bathroom; 25x120; easiest kind
of terms -la Installments; 3 Hnes of cars.
$4250— 12th ave. and Clement; a grand NE.
cor. to Improve with store and 9 flats;
120x50; make offer.
$3750 — 10th ave. and Clement; a splendid NB.
business corner; 32:6x100; fine location for
store and flats.
W. J. GUNN.
530 California st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'MENTS
ALAMIDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA business property for sale; corner
lot, 2 stores, dwellings above; a bargain. Ap-
ply owner. 1231 Park st. ¦
FRUITVALE Advertisements.
FltUITVAI.E REAL ESTATE^^
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE}. ' v
CHARLES F. LEE. Phone Vale 206.
$1R per month and own your own home, com-
pletely furnlsned; lovely 5 rooms, bath, pantry,
high basement, brick foundation cottage, hand-
somely decorated Interior, steei enameled bath;
handsome palm tr«es. full bearing fruit trees
and flowers in abundance; 3 blocks from car
line, Rradel school near by; lot 70x113; only
$500 rash required; price all told, J1S50.
CHARLES F. LEE. 1222 Frultvale ave.
FRUITVALE FURNISHED ROOMS.
THREE housekeeping- rooms: pantry: closet;
use of bath and laundry; large grounds; $25.
1417 Fremont ava., Frultvale.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND l'lltMSHKl) UOL'SES.
WALSWORTH ave.. 410— Modern; piano; $33;
rare chance. Apply on premises.
OAKLAM* KLItMTtltK KUK SALB.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnl-
tuie. H.Schellhaa6.11th st..cor.store.Oakland.
Sail Francisco Adyertisemts.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.^
CALIFORNIA. 1304— Sunny front bay-window
room i kitchen, connecting; reas. ;no child" n.
CALIFORNIA, 1304— Sunny front bay-window
room and kitchen; reasonable. j
CENTRAL ave.. 67. nr. Halght— 2 or 3 sunny
unfurnished rooms for housekeeping; phone;
bath; laundry; references.
EDDY and Folk (Gladstone)— Elegant sunny
housekeeping ap9rtm'ts; 3 rms;modern conve-
niences, bath: first class; phone Larkln 1931.
FOLSOM S30— Furnished housekeeping room,
#1 75 week; also single. $1 week.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1210— Two lovely sunny
parlors for housekeeping. i
JACKSON. IC09. cor. Polk — Finely
sunny corner housekeeping rooms; marine
view; reasonable.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine-
Sunny furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
rd, electric lighted; free baths; rate $30 up.
JACKSON. 1510 — Sunny housekeeping rooms;
rcw flat: references. Phone Polk 1875.
LAOUNA 1507 — A floor of S sunny rooms com-
pletely 'furnished; modern; private family;
reasonable. ,
LARKIN.1C07. cor.Post— The Cragburn. H. Bur-
Ilngame.prop.: rms.. single & hkpg.apartments.
OAK, JO— 2 rooms complete for housekeeping;
use of piano.
OAK. 117, and 53S McAlll«t«r— Rooms, com-
llete housekeeping; $5 to $12; gas range, hot
bath, laundry: adult*.
O'FARRELL. 703 — Nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms, hath; $1S.
PEARL, 3, cor. Market— 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms: ?14-$15: no' children; phone.
POLK, C12 nr. Eddy — $20: two large sunny
housekeeping, bath, gas, phone, adults.
POLK. Ifc43, cor. Clay— 2 large nicely furnished
mnny front housekeeping rooms; rent $18.
POST. 141ti — Two nic«ly furnished housekeep-
ing 'rooir.j; choice location: $15. ¦
SCOTT. .100, northeast corner Page, near
Halght-st. car: two newly furnished, sunny,
connecting rooms; bath, gas range, dishes;
everything complete. •
SL'TTER. 0CS-U7O — Unfur. sunny alcove, din-
ing-room, kitchen: also furn. suites or single;
choice location; summer rates; tourists.
TAYLOR r>04 — I fine furnished rooms, complete
for housekeeping: also housekeeping rooms.
THE HERP.ERT. 1530 Polk St.— Sunny, newly
furn. apartments: pleasant; tel. Hyde 2181.
VALENCIA, S22 — 2 or 4 gunny cor. fur. house-
kpg. rms; electric light?, gas and coal ranges.
VAN NESS. 017 — Fine suite housekeeping rms.;
sunny cor.; also single rooms; water and gas.
VAN NESS, HUS — For housekeeping, sunny al-
cf'Vf and bay-wlnrtow rooms, comp. kitchen
with gas r^.nse; every room reduced: $9 up.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch of fice.cor. Duncan an>1 Church sts.
.'.FABTMEHT HOUSES.
A— THE MACKEN. 01 CENTRAL AVE.
NEW HOUSE: BEAUTIFULLY FINISHED;
3 AXD 4 ROOMS; GAS STOVES FUR-
NISHED; JANITOR SERVICE.
ST. CECILE, 115 Fell, above Van Ne?s ave. —
The icme of perfection in modern elegantly
furnished 3-room apartments, with private
baths, steam heat, elec. light, elev,, gas rgr.
A— AUGUSTINE ~M5 POST; APARTMENTS;
FURNISHED AND UP TO DATE: PHONE3
IN ALL ROOMS. PHONE PR. EX. 745.
OCTAVIA, 1423 — Most select apartment-house
In city; 3-1 rooms; elegantly furnished.
ST. LOUIS, 1575 Juekson st. — Modern 3-4-5
rooms: furn. or unfurn.: refs. Tel. East 1350
ROOMS TO I,KT— Kurn. iiml In furn
A^mtU^S^vl^K^I^sZ^^Slxtn^ir^^oms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth ft.) — Rooms, 25c. 50c, $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
ABHOTSFORD (The), cor. Broadway and Polk
— Quiet, homelike; charges reaa.; cars direct.
BURNETT. 1420 Market (old Na. 136 »)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 1105 — Sunny bay window alcove: run-
ning water; gas; bath, etc.
CLIFFORD, 201 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELEVENTH. 21— Elegant rooms, single cr en
nulte; furnished or unfurnished; references.
ELLIS 928 — Elegantly furnished rooms; sun,
electric lights, baths, steam heat, phone. I
new; flat 4. elevator.
i FOLSOM. COS. cor. Second — Aurora — Nicely fur-
| nlshcd, tunny rooms; reasonable.
QOLDEN GATE ave., 1329— Large sunny fur-
" nished room for two; $8. ¦ .
GRAND Southern.' 7th and Mission — Rooms 35o
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 \vk. ; reading- rm.
HOTELDUFFERIN. 749 Ellis— Elegantly fur^
-.nished suites. and single rooms.
HYDE, 727 — Elegantly furnished rooms, suit-
able for gentlemen, in private family. ¦
JONES. 207 (Van Winkle) — Furnished sunny
rms. ;" suite or single; gents preferred; $2 up.
LARKIN. 804 — Single room, nice and sunny,
for a gentleman, $4. .
MINNA. 328— Pleasant furnished rooms; also
: 3 rooms for light housekeeping.
MISSION, 2022—2 sunny furnished single front
rooms; fas and bath. ¦
NINTH, 147— Large sunny room, iuitable for
one'or. two persons. : . .. \
O'FARRELL. 332— Nicely * furnished ' parlors:
' sunny single or suite: light . housekeeping If
desired; 1 small single room for gentleman.
*|r?.T» w»\Ti:n — m \ i.r — r«i.ti—»<i.
iiURRAY 4 READY, phone MaTii 5S4S.
I- -¦ and u;C Clay t-t. ; tisiS ;!.:».- Main.
Leading Employment and Labur Agents.
Bpaaista — Cernv an — Vrrnch.
ItailaJQ — BwiM — Greek.
Nevada fcjtate — b hours.
Covcnuntot work— Free lare.
2GS teamsters, £2 to t2 . r *) day.
Drillers. hun;ji:nfn;tii, etc.. *.5 to &09.
•" , Fhirmcnt <•: 1 tuiss.^nper car to-day.
Arizona — Flo~ttea — Arizona.
lUiO ;i2:i«f--?lu X<O.
2 !¦,«¦> .»,. |'.a»«en&crs uaiiy over Santa Fe.
»Vw men wanted.
DrUlen, loti-sjen, teamsters, laborers, etc.,
5J-. 12 :•(>. !?o ti f3 i-0 <lc.v.
tv.utb— 4u0 Miles— :>4 00— South.
Sai I _¦¦:•:. you'li .-:::!. (GU.
To the Lumber.
»«» laborers, n> cxi>^rit-n<~en wanted. 530;
teamiUT, .v.-- founJ: head donkeyman, $56
and fooad; 2 carriage s*:ters. 10 Scandinavian
laborer*. tavrjulU to., JCu; screw turr.irs,
book tenders, ivlErerruen, logger who und»r-
HiiA. rigKiuj:. $iv.« and round: thingle pa-.-k-
<rs . out'-:* e;»ycre. molder. eticker hand,
« i.i :: sawyer run boring muchlne, t-
Carpenters— Carpenter*.
3 carpenters, plain work, fare 30e. $3 50 day.
••arjtcntins. C. C. Co., fare 51, |2 uay found.
laijA-iiter, ranch job. fare $1. $40 found.
Other TradeKmrn.
Ularksrr.Ith. mining town. |73 and found.
IK hor»#»hoere. all round Uackrcr.lths and
h"ll- r>. ,-:u- and country jobs. *4. S3 50, $3,
;.' 90 day.
4 wheelwrights, different jobs. $3 to J4 day.
b~tlc_r hand. 54.
I* coopers, slack work, north and south.
a tJifh and door har.d5, $3 to J3 W day.
? plumbers. J4 day.
195 Woodchoppers. Tiemakers. '
To the Mines and Quarries.
M lnhorers. for mines, $40 lind $">0 found.
IS drillers, no fare to pay. $«7 T>0.
Laborers, Teamsters.
0"5 scrapr and vason teamsters. 52 S3 d?y. ,
164 labort-re, an over <"alitornla. some in ,
f^an Krancisf-o, f2 snd fJ :¦*• -v day.
Hay and Harvest Hands.
91 haymakers, all over t?tate. fl 50 day fd. 1
38 har\e*t hands, sack sewere, pitchers, •
etc., $2 a day and found.
!S tp«m*tei-s, extra K<x>d jobs, fl M> and 12
a day and found.
5 farm hands. Mendoclno Co.. *3O and found.
IJntnmen. ftaMemen.
i'A mi!ke~ . extra good Jot*, come see. $35,
*4« and found.
«5 butter-makers. 2 cheesemakers, *40. $50 fd.
I!* tiii!lfii!-'n, city and country jobs, |75.
SiV>. f.'r. and found.
48 tlioremen and boys, different Jobs, $3$
«n<l *ni>.
ftirRBAT & READY. CZt and C36 Oay st.
MAKKItin.
<•••, k ami wife, l."» men. mine, fare $3. $40 fJ.
r<v k end wife, lumber camp, $50 found.
Milkrr and wile. Northern Cal.. $50 found.
4 rar:r.ere and wives. $50. $«O. $"« found.
SIIRKAY & READY. 004 and 63«J Clay St.
lTf~Ti:iTT>epartrnenT
Tamule maker, J40 and found.
12 cooks, different places. $30 to $6Ti found.
•• waiters, different places, $.'U> to $40 found.
Z~ dishwashers. $25. $3O. $:K and found.
Porter*, bell and elevator boys, pantrymen.
Ml'RKAY & READY, 634 and 63tt Clay St.
LAUNDRY. '
Marker, countrj' laundry. $15 week.
Ironer. fare $1, >12 meek.
Mangle hand, fare *1. $10 week.
Look.
Plasterer, country job. M day.
IWrrh hand, planing mill. $3 day.
MIRUAY & READY. 634 and <W6 Clay et.
LATE Specials.
Sawmills.
£*• laborers for t=awmill. no experience reed-
ed, fare (2 25, $35 and found.
Plasterer, Mar:n County, $4 day.
Hutcher. small country shop. $nr> found.
4 c«ry>*nters. rourh work, Nevada. *'5t> fd.
MURRAY *: READY CM an.i «.',« Clay St.
LATE ORDERS.
LOOK?
\f> machine minr-rsw gold mine, $f»0.
Kr.pir.eer. run cold striraee plant. $2 day & fd.
Plurtber. city lob. $2 Ta) day.
2 :.*: > rr.en to help bri.ige carpenter, saw-
mill company, $40 and found.
Brickmaker. by contract.
Boss Troodnran. north, see dops here. $30 fd.
niackpmKh helper, city Job. $2 found.
Marker, laur.dryrr.an. Tuolumne.
Man and wife, cook, small mine. Fee boos
here.
4 tiUUllCJs country s»hopi«. $" to $40 and fd.
PLANING MILL AND BOX FACTORY.
d your.jt men or b'lyp. $2 day: bolter, lath-
rr.Ii'l. t'i .:¦ and found: lathman. $2 23 day;
2 tail off boys, $2 day; lath chuter. $2 day:
lo — riFta bouts. $2 day.
MURRAY & READY, di and CM Clay Ft.
2 OFFBKAP.nRS brickyard, south. $67 50.
«; Ii;:..l*r pliers.' fare- $4. $IW.
i?acks*-wer, harvest field. $2 day found.
LOOK!
3 lurr.ber graders, northern mill. $3 day.
Carpenter, stalrbuilder. $4 5f» day.
3 carpenters, ranch, fare, $4O found.
Boss Here.
3 men to make *hakep and split staves, red-
wood. laTe firm, bass here, $I»0 and found.
Cook." railroad eatir.B house, fare free. $50 fd.
<*hlcf cook, carr.p. $fit» found.
Kaker and night cook. camp. $50 found.
Pastry baker hotel, fare $1 »i, $50 found.
MURRAY & READY. «34 and C3tt Clay St.
WANTED for U. S. army, able-bodied un-
married men, between ages of 21 and 35:
citizens of the United States, of good char-
acter and temperate habits, who can speak,
read and write English-. For information
apply to Recruiting Officer. Rlalto fjuiidlr.tr.
New Montgomery st.. Ean Francisco, or 1029
Second st., Sacramento. CaL
' ALL ~~ ~~~~~
Men to learn tLe BARBER TRADE; only
e^gfct weeks required; positions secured: con-
stsnt practice and expert Instruction; special
effer and catalojni" mailed free.
MOHLER BTSTgM COLLEGE. €35 Clay st.
WANTED — Educated teatleman who has good
knowledge of cyclopedias; $1200 per year;
reference* rc-culred.
UNIVERSITY SOCIETY, box 2100. CalL
BARBERS-^*5ood'thop In best country town in
the State for «ale: 3 chairs and baths; good
fid» business. DECKELMAN BROS.. 10«
Ellis «t.
WANTED — 250 men to know that 'The Best"
:¦ Ic.rc nous* is the cleanest and mest com-
fortable jn the city; ell new; 10c to 25c
C07 California rt., near Kearny.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare fcr
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue riving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
»nce Institute. Grant bldg.. 10S5 Market st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added "100 new rooms to the Denver Hcuse,
217 Thirl St.; 250 rocmt; 25 to -0; per Bight.
SOBER, handy, elderly Gei— an or Frenchman:
mir^house; some e-XDtrieno- tendine bar;
must fctate city references. Box I0S3, Call.
BARBERS — Good chance to buy a first-class
2-ctair shop cheap; owner leaving city. Box
S572. Call.
WANTED — Dentirt — Good extractor; good rap-
id crown and bridge workman, gchiffman
Dental Co.. Los A^c-eles, Cal.
HAIGHT Uaches you the barlier trade and
jiays y— waces while learning. Call at
Halghfs Barber College. C47 Commercial st.
TRY our raec's shoes, union made, at $1 and
i: CO r»ir; foot-fc— j shoes at $2 SO; we pay
express or rr.a'.l charges. 11 3d St.. Exam. bid.
WANTED — A few good solicitors; steady em-
ployment. Apply rooms 43-44. 850 Market.
HUFTLING man of good address. Apply 121 !
Gtary st. room C29.
— — — — — — _ — _ . _ _— ______^__ l
A profitable outing; pick hop* In August. Write '
E.CLHMENS HORgT CO..122Battery st-.S.F.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., Z2S Montgy. r. 415.
TOUNO man to learn barber trade; wages
while learnlrg 741A Howard ft.
SAILORS .and young men fgreen hands) for
ships. IIALLltERT. 01? Jackson et.
fc-AILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts cf
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 8teuart St.
PENSION Atty.,E. A. Bullln. r.40, Pheian b'.dg.
Part com. Geo. II. Thomas Post. O. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
fcet — 700 room*; 35s night: reading-rooms;
free 'bus an 3 baggage to and from terry. l
ADVERTISEMENTS, cubcciiptions received at
Cali branch office, cor. Duacaa 4r Cbnrcb sts.
A BRANCH office cf The Call for the reception
rf :• '¦¦ «-rt -<riif Mj. and subscription* has been
opened at IOCS Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Cpra umii 11 p. to.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. SCi Mission St.. bet.- lrt and -M sis.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to SOc. £63 Mission St.. bet. let and 2d fts.
HORSES AM) WAGOXS.
FOR — le — Pacing mare. $175; 7 years old, very
fast: gentle in every respect; safe for wo-
man to drive; will go double. For particu-
jars aflJrts* box »C0. Call office.
HANDSOME bay ' carriage team. 164 hands
hirh: absolutely sound; accustomed to city.
Inquire r. 30 Crocker bid.. ~. E. DENNIS.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horses, wag-
ons, «urreys. buggies, carts aad harness; at
1140 Fclsom at.
ANT COLUMN OF THE! CALL, BUT YOU HAY GAIN ONECity urd County of San Francisco to P. E.
Bowles, lot on S line of Eddy street, 123-6
W of Polk, W 65:0 by S 137 :C; $ .
L. II. and lizzie Sly to same, same; $10.
Joseph B. Kennedy to name, came: $10.
P. E. and Mary A. Bowles to Ueron-Hol
comb Company, came; $10.
H<>!< ninb Land Company (Heron-Holcotnb
Company) to C F. Humphrey, same; $10.
Pi-raard and Sarah Naughten to Mary Uar
rinctun (guardian of James Harrington, in
competent). Jot on S line of Fell street. 60 W
of Lfiguna. W 25 by S Ki; $10. •
i Martin J. and Zucheus J. Malier to Cather
ine Maher. lot on S lino of Eddy street, 137-6
TV of Lacuna. W 37:0 by S 137:6; also lot on
8E comer of McAllister and Scott streets E
aT:« by S 100; B lft.
• George W. and Hattle C. Turner to Guy T
I v.'ayman. lot en S line of Washington street
110 W of Ecott. W 27:6 by R 127:8H: $10.
Henry M. Whltely to Ue<jrgy L. Whitely, lot
on S Una of Hroadway. 150 XV of Broderlck
street. W 68:9 by S 127:8'4; gift.
James Schwartx to Annie Schwartz, lot on
SW corner of Oak and Ashbury streets, W Sl:3
by S 100: Rift.
M. U. and Kate I. de Younc to Matthew
TUEEDAT. JUNE 21
RliAL ESTATi: TKAXSACTIOXS.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Tlmo and Helghfbf High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front « Mission- street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tid» is the tame at both places.
WEDNESDAY. JUNE 22.
Sun rises 4:4S
Sun seta 7:35
Moon sets 1:08 a. m.
O iTimel iTimel ITlmel jTimel
» I f Ft. I 1 Ft. { Ft. I 1 Ft.
* |L W| |H W| (L W| |H W|
22 O:5R 1.31 7:201 4.n'12:3« 2.01 7:14 5.8
2.-. 1:CS 0.6| 3:3.-.! 4.0l It33 2..1 8:0R 5 1»
24 .2:r> 0.01 9:40 4.-J 2:".-J 2.«| 8:49 tkO
25 :'.:»•_'— O.4liO:4O| 4.51 3:10 2.!>| 9:ffi «.«)
2« 4:28— 0.7111:30! 4.61 3:5fi 2.!)jlO:ltt 5.1)
27 5:11 — O..s!l2:iM 4.6! 4:42 2.9|t0:57 5.S
28 5:32—0.81 l:00| 4.7| 5:22 5.l|ll:3C 5.5
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tldos
the early mornlns tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time oolumn gives the last tide of the
day, except when there lire but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are' In
addition to the soundings of the United State*
Coast Survey Charts except when a minus ( — >
f Ign precedes the height, and then the number
given In nubtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane cf reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Tuesday, June 21.
Stmr Maggie. Corning, tialf moon Bay.
Stmr F. A. KUburn, Jahnsen, Port Rodgers.
Stmr Costa Rica, Randall. Astoria.
Stmr Pomona Swanson Eureka.'
Stmr Mandalay. Smith. Eureka.
Stmr Alcatraz. [ Andresen, San Pedro.
Ktmr Asuncion, Brldgett, Redondo.
Htmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz and - way
ports.
Stmr Brooklyn, Johansson, Mendoclno.
Stmr Breakwater, Seuman Coon Bay.
Rtmr National City, Hammar. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Robert Dollar. Johnson Grays Harbor.
Btmr Brunuwlck. Ellefiwn. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Giialala. Panzer. Westport.
Schr Ida A, Campbell ; Point Reyes. '
Schr Bessie K, Stark, San Vicente Landing.
Sc-hr Antelope, Christensen, Eiuslaw River.
SAILED.
Tuesday, Juna 21.
Stmr Pomona. Bwanson, Eureka; P C S 3 Co.
Br ship Merioneth. Rowlands, Queenstown;
Balfour, Guthrlc & Co.
/ Tuesday, June 21.
Stmr Alameda, Dowdell, 6 days 5 hours
from Honolulu.
Stmr F. A. KUburn. ¦ Jahnsen, 7 hours from
Port Rod-frs.
Ktmr Aberdeen, Hanson. 60 hours from As
toria.
Stmr Pomo, Jacobs, 12 hours from Albion
River.
Stmr Alcatraz, .Andrpscn, 16 hours from
Greenwood, bound for San Pedro, put in to
land disabled enzlneer.
Stmr Alllai-ce, Hard'wlrk, 5 dayi 20 hours
from Portland, via Coos Bay 3 days and Ku
roka 22 hour««.
Stmr Maggie. Corning, 3 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Stmr Aurella, Erickson, 72 hours from Port
land.
Stmr Rainier. Hanson. 70 hours from Bel
llnsham.
Sclir Endeavor. McAlIep, 5 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Roy Eomers. Solland, 6 days from
Grays Harbor.
CLEAHED.
ARRIVED.
Th<" Brit'.sh *hlp Merioneth was cleared yes
terday for Queenstown, for orders, with 411,726
ctls of wheat, vnluecl nt S.Vi.r.74 ->~,i l<;,000
ft lumber as dunnage, valued at $349.
Shipping- Intelligence.
"Wheat for Europe.
The British *hlp Kinross Is chartered for
lumber from Puget Sound tr> West Coast of
South America at ."..".s lid: If to a direct port
within the Plxaqua range. 2b 6d Ices.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Bank of Cal.425 — |Merch Ex.... 60 —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 (S F Natlonl. — —
First Natlonl — — |
SAVINGS BANKS. .
Gcr 6 & L.22S0 2350 Sav & L 80. — 100
Hum S & L. — — Sec Bav Bk. — 450
1 Mutual Sav.100 — Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.640 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..190 195 | Presidio 41 —
: Geary — 60 |
POWDER.
Giant 60 Cl I Vigorit — •
SUGAR.
Har.a P Co. — 15c | Kilauea S C. — «
Hawaiian C. 50 — IMakaweli C. 21H 22
Honokaa S C 11 \i 12 lOnomea S C. 24 —
! Hutch S P C 8 8ti|Paauhau S C. 12% 13U
I MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PA.— USV4I Oceanic S Co. *M 4H
Cal F C A. 99 100 ll'ac Aux FA. 5 6
Cal Wine A. JS9',i SWU 1'ac C Borx.l5tf 159
MV& MtTm.100 — I
Morning Session.
Street —
i»0 Spring Valley Water Co 37 50
$5,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent..l(J5 00
»1.000 S P of Arirona <190») 108 30
*1.000 S P of Arizona (1910) 10U :J7&
*5,UU) Spring Valley 4s (3d mtge) 68 60
Afternoon Session.
Board — .
25 Hutchinson S P Co S 00
$5,000 Cal G & El G M & C T OS 85 00
$20.000 3 P of Arizona (1809) 108 60
Street—
I $23,000 S P of C 6s (1905, Series A).. 102 76
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. — m IS P C R 4s. — 100
Cal NW 6s.. — 112%! S P Co 4%s. 69 —
M C Wat 5*. 100 — I Sun Tel 6s.. 113 —
R!s I Wk«6s — 107%| Do 6s — 109
BT Drdk 6s. — 113m Suttr-st R5S.105 113
, 6F A NP 6s. — 11194 1 UR of SF 4s. 78tf —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala 8 Co... — 30 jM« Nav Co. — M
Amer Bis Co — 00 |Ner Nat Bk.lSO 200 -
Cal Cot Mils 60 87 IN S R R Co. 9)4 —
Cal G&ECor. 45 — |N Cal P Co. — 11
Cal Powder. — 146 I Oak Bk Sav.ll2»4 —
Cal Ship Co. 21 27 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I & T.115 — IOOF Hall A 6 —
Cen Bk. Oak — 65 orpheum Co. — 16
Chutes Co .- — 714 PacC Cas Co.125 —
City & C Bk — 112 |Pac S Tel. .100 —
Cyp L Imp.. — 7V»|Pac Sur Co.. 9U&120
East Dynrn.. — 250 IParaf Paint.. 88 —
DpntPwd pfd 75 S3 | S F Drydock. 60 —
Do com .. — 00 ISF&SJ Coal. 15 25
FN BV. Oak. 120 — |S J Wat Co. — 106
Fischer Thtr — 1 ISO & MTgbt.125 — ,
Frnch-A Bk.lOS — ISwisa-A Bk.115 — !
Gas Con A.. — 22 I Truck Elect.. 11 IS
Hono P Co. 11% 14 UH InC pfd. 47 50
Ix>nt EF Bk — 60 | Do com ... 9 —
Morning Session.
Street—
$10,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. 79 00
Afternoon Session.
Street — '
$10,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. 79 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock — Bid. Asked.
Apollo 43 j
AMeo 61 I
Caribou 8 00 1
Chicago Crude 20
Claremont 65 70
Four (a
Fulton 2 50
Giant 16 ....
Hanford 180 00 185 00
Home : 1 40 150 '
Imperial 18 00 j
Independence 25 28
Krrn (old) 4 75
Kern Riv*r 10 00
Monarch (of Arizona) 40
Monte Cristo 70
Occidental of W Va W
Oil City Pttroleum ........ 68 61
Peerless 13 50
Reed Crude 1 60
Hoverelgn SS ....
Sterling 2 60
Superior 04
Thirty-three 8 25
Toltec 21
Twenty-eight 8 "5 ....
Associated Bonds 78 25
K»rn (new) 60 ....
Miscellaneous —
California Jockey Club 125 00 I
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 7 00
Fischer's Theater 65 . ',
Northern Cal Power 10 75
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 75 1 60
SALES.
Morning Session.
r.0 Twenty-eight Oil BOO
1000 Independence 25
25 Peerless, b 90 13 75 i
Afternoon Session. '
2000 Independence 25
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 24 1 500 Exchequer ... 37 '¦
100 Bullion 17l 100 Silver Hill .. 63
400 Chollar 12| 200 Utah 15
Afternoon Session.
300 Bullion 161 60 Ophlr 3 75
100 Caledonia ... 7l| L'5 Ophir ..j 3 85
200 Exchequer .. 36! 100 Savage 19
2uO Exchequer .. 371 :)00 Sierra Nev .. 38
WOO Justice 16i 200 Sliver Hill .. 65
»X» Mexican 1 20| 200 Yellow Jacket. 24
450 Ophir 3 S0|
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Paclfio
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Mornlr.g Session.
100 Andes 131 200 Justice 15
200 Bullion 171 41 10 Mexican 120
700 Challenge Con 14 100 Savage 1:0
100 Challenge Con I5| 300 Sierra Nev .. .T8
200 Crown Point. 15| SOU Union Con .. 43
100 Gould & Cur. 221
Afternoon Session.
109 Caledonia .... 7l| 100 Overman 24
200 Justice 16i 500 Sierra Nev.... 38:
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran- |
cleco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday: j
Morning Scysion.
£00 Brunswick .. 18 3750 Rescue 10
82S4 Esptrar.za ... 04 UG<K> Rescue 12
200 Esperanza ... 05' 100 Ton Belmont.. 7«
2<iO Gold Anchor. 301 100 Ton Belmont.. 77
&tX> Gold Anchor. 29| 600 Ton Belmont.. 78
S0OO Gold M Con. 02i COO Ton & Cal... 15
210O MacNamara . 501 60 Ton Gold M. 20
K'OO MacNamara . 401200ft Ton Midway 60
. 400 Mont Ton. .2 47HI1OO0 Ton Midway.. 50
1000 Paymaster .. 06| 800 Ton Midway.. B7 .
Afternoon Session. 1
8500 Esperanza ... O4I17OO Ton BelmonL. 79'
100 MacNamara . 50] 500 Ton Belmont . 78
600 MacNamara . 49| 500 Ton Midway.. 57
2C0 Mont Ton ...2 4512000 Ton Midway.. M
100 Mont Ton.. 2 42^!S000 Ton Midway.. 60
100 Mont Ton ...2 40 3'«> Ton N Star .*!<$
20<»0 Paymaster .. 05 '2500 Ton N Star.. 35;
2400 Paymaster . . 06|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. June 21—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask.| . Bid. Asked. '
Alpha 10 12|justlce 15 17!
Alia or. <W Kentuck "02 04
Andes 13 I4lKeye» Graes.. — 1 20
Belcher 24 251 Lady Wash ... — otf
Be«t & Belch.l 25 1 30 Mexican 1 15 1 20
Bullion 16 17!occldcntal ... 79 Si
Caledonia ... 71 72iOphir 3 75 3 so
Challenge Con 14 15: Overman 23 25
Chollar II 13IPotosl 10 12
Confidence ... 90 1 05! Scorpion 15 17
Con C & Va.l 20 1 .".0; Savage 18 11)1
Con Imperial . 01 C2|3eg Belcher .. OS 0!) :
Con N Y .... 02 Ort Sierra Nev ..37 89 1
Crown Point. J4 IClSilver Hill... C5 66
East Sierra N 06 — fSt Louts .... 09 10
Eureka Con.. — .WSyndlcate 0?. O4 •
Exchequer . . S6 nsl Union Con . . 43 45 •
Gould & Cur. 21 23 Utah 15 m ;
IUI- & Norc. 71 75! Yellow Jacket. 23 25
Julia 07 08!
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Ask J Bld.Ask.
Colehan — C5i Rescue 07 — .
Esperanza ... 04 05! Ton Belmont.. 7!» 80
Gold Anchor. 30 — ITon *: Cal... J5
Gold M Con. — 021 Ton Ex 90 1 03
Hannapah M. 25 — (Ton & G W. — or,
Jim Butler... 77 — iTon Gold M. 17 19
Little Ton ... 40 50Ton Midway.. 65 18
Lucky Tom... — 03iTon of Nev7 87U 8 12H
MacNamara . 4S 491 Ton N Star.. 35 -_
Mont Ton. .2 40 2 42>-i|Ton * Salt L — 80
; Paymaster .. — «V5| Ton Union.... 10
Raj- Exten — — 10' United Ton ..10 14
Hay & O'Brien 10 111 West End ... 20
Ray Ton ... 15 — |
TUESDAY. Jon* 21—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Aric.1 Bid Ask
4* «r coup..107Vil»7*; 4s, qr cp new.l22%iS3ii
4a qr reg. ..lOCttlOOfcbn qr coup... 106 10C=!
MJSCELLANEOU3 BONDS.
Ala A W jk.101 — I oak T Co 6».U9U _
nay CPC Rs.101 102 | Do 5« ...mum
C«l C Q 68.102^104 I Do con Cs. — ioi
Cal G & E c ' lOceanic S fie. — 75
m & «t .Is. £4?i — Om Cable tis. — 1"5
< al-si C 5». — 117?ilPac G Im 4a. 31 Ti L_
«• c Wat .*«. — 101 ip e r.r r*.iO4?itc5U
KdL ft P Cs.124 — |rtCH 6..105 * — ¦"
r & C II 0S.114H — iP & O R Cs — US
«;rary-et 6s.. — 65 IPowell-st 6s. — 114
li C&K I'is.ino — iPac EGARSs — 9714
Do** . 07'i — JSP & SJV5..116* —
lion n. T O.K'O — ifclerra R O ii«
I, A Elec I*. — 103 Is P of A (ii
V a ny a«.iii»i — 1 (iwui iors
j. a L Co ej — — I nniG) 109 no
Oo cfi ««- — - IS P of C «i
Oo Btd r«.102',i — I O9f!5)Sr A.102« —
LAP lem ftK.lfil — I ri9CTi)Sr B.103'1 —
9fkt-«t c ««.ii5>; — (laofi) 105 _
Do Irm 5s.ll4 116 j O812) — »«
1!V£ MtTSs.lOHi — lEPC 1 eg 5«.1IO —
Kirn of C&<.107 — I Do rtmpd..lO«
Do Bs 1I«i,M7 IS P B It 6«.132 —
?¦¦ v c n ris.ios 10s is v Wat «s.if» _
N C Ry 5s. — 112 I Do 4s 2dm. 69 JJ9U
N' C P C Ss. 99 101 j Do 4s Mm. — 09
N fi U U Ss. — lOO'i' Do S tntMs 97*4 —
<• GL4-H 5«.1O7 — iPtfcn G&W*. — 101 1;
O W £rtd 5». — 1P0 !!' G & E 5«. — 103
WATER STOCKS.
tontra Costa — "40 I Port Costa... — —
Marln Co... — fio 1 S V Wat Co. S7',3 37»i
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L * V. 3»i 4 I S F G A E. 61 —
Mutual r. z,. 12U 13 1 PUtn G & K. 8«i —
Pac L Co. . . 57 — I T O & E Co. — —
INSUBANCE.
Firrtn'. Tnd.310 3 JO I
HANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl lJk-.127S — ( I, P & A....1M l«i0
AngloCal .. B3'., SUJilMer Trust.... 305 —
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Futineec continues flat on the local ex
char.ReF. rxcept in the Tonopah stocks which
continue to ne!l heavily. These Tonopahs have
latriy afforded a \ery rood opportunity for
active speculation.
The Ftaie Savings Bank of Oakland wfll pay
a, drpositore' d!vio>r.<5 of 4 per cent on all de
posits, and the Oakland Bank of Ravings one
of 3 per tent on all deposits. July 1.
Th* Stock and Bond Exchange yesterday
vot«d to adjourn from the cloee of business
en Friday, Jul; 1. until Tuesday. July 5
Th» Ga« Consumer*' Association paid a. reg
ular monthly dividend cf 10 cents per chare
amo-jntlng to fZCfifi yesterday.
The Pacific Coast Borax Compacy will pay
* regular monthly dividend of $1 per share
June 29.
Tonopah Stocks Alone Redeem
the Market From Stagnation^
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.,
Lakme Sarf* Pedro June 22
S.Monica San Pedro June 22
laquH.. San Pedro June 22
Corona ... llumboldt June 22
Tellus Oyster Harbor |June 22
Cliieo • Portland & Astoria June 23
Ncwburg Grays Harbor [June 2:1
North Fork. . . I Humboldt i-Iune S3
Point Arena., j MrndoHno & Pt. Arenaj.Fune 'SI
Sitnlii KosH..., San Diego & Way Pts.|June ~:i
Novailnn Honolulu & Kahului. . June —J
Columbia Portland & Astoria. ... June 2T>
Ontralla Grays Harbor June Si
Mackinaw.... Tacoma ' r June 23
M. Dollar Kobe -Tune 2t
Argu E«l River Ports June 24
Arcata Coos Hay & Pt. Orford. June 24
City Panama. Ntw York via Panama.|June £5
Coo» Bay Kan Pedro & Way Pts.lJune 25
City Puebla.. j J'ujjet Sound Ports June 25
Eureka j Huroboldt June 25
Pomona ! Humboldt June 25
San Pedro.... I Humboldt June 23
CluhallK 1 San Pedro June 25
Coronado Grays Harbor June 20
Marlposa j Tahiti JJune 2B
Sierra. Sydney & Way Port*. Jjune 27
St. Paul I Xomc & St. Michael. . I June 27
State of Cal.. San Dlcgo fz Way Pts.|June 27
Curncao Mexican Porti (June 2S
Cotfta Rica... Portland & Astoria IJune 28
Pomo. I I*olnt Arena & Albion. Uune 1'S
Acapulco New York via Panama. June 21)
jeanle Seattle & Tacoma ....IJune 2J)
Momta Newport * Way Ports. June 20
Korea t China & Japar June o0
Uinatllla | I'uget Sound Ports June 3D
Gatlic China & Japan |July 2
STOCK MARKET.
The steamer Arrow, recently bought on Pu
get Sound by Hatch Bros, of this city and now
on her way here from Seattle, put into Kurcka
yesterday to replenish her supply of fuel. >
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
steamer Spokane, Captain Thomas, sailed yes
terday from Seattle on her second excursion
trtp/to Alaska. .
The British ship Merioneth, which has been
laid up at this port since July 31, 1902, cleared
yesterday for Queenstown. - v
Water Front Notes.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner Si
erra, homeward bound, arrived yesterday at
Honolulu.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
The steam schooner Alcatraz, sixteen hours
from Greenwood and bound for San Pedro, put
In here yesterday to land a disabled engineer.
Tamils Disabled Engineer.
Movements of Steamers.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I. e., at noon of the 120th meridian or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In charge.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
. Tuesday, June 21.
Time Rail.
FOR TUESDAY. JUNE 21.
riour. qr sks .. 4.41OI Feed. «ks 220
Wheat, ctls 6.20»!Corameal West-
Iiarlpy. ctls 1.13SI rrn. ctiis BOO
o»t* rtl* 648!Tallow ctls .... 87
<:om. Wot, ctle 1.1351 Hide*. No 604
H*-ant. cks ..... 623' Pelts. No 2.0C5
Potatoes, sks . . C.932! Leather, rolls . . 87
Onions, sks ... *S3! Quicksilver. Cks. 35
Bran. fUs :-~0| Wine *rals 50.000
M!<3<3ltngs. cks.. 2S3!Malt. eks 475
Hay. tons UCO! lUifins. bxs ... £8
Ftraw, tons 10] Paper, reams ... 6S3
Wool, bales ... 4i|Mme. bbls .... 044
Receipts of Produce.
Ljso Alvarez, a boy who lives at 1 Troy avenue,
got his foot caught yesterday in the roller of a
printing presss at 463 Mission street. His Inju
ries, which were painful, were treated at the
Harbor Hospital.
Hurt In Printing Press.
The ship Elwell. which left Puget Sound
during the storm in which the British ship La
morna la thought to have perished, arrived yes
terday at Sydney. The Elwell passed Tatoosh
March 2. the Lamorna passed on March 1.
The Elwell was quoted for reinsurance at 15
per cent and there was considerable speculation
on her. most of the money being played "to
arrive."
Weathered the Storm.
The Norwegian bark Parknook, out 126 day's
from Chlttagong for Trinidad, was quoted for
reinsurance yesterday at 10 per cent. The
Laura, now out 143 days from Newcastle. Aus
tralia, for Tocapllla. is still on the board at
00 per cent. The Wynford is quoted at 15 per
cent and the Juteopolis, Queen Elizabeth, La
Rochefoucald, Largo Law and Willy Rtckmers
at 7 per cent.
Quoted for Reinsurance.
Alice M. PlFtotesI and Mary J. Murta (own
ers) with John E. Beck (contractor and archi
tect) — All work except street sewer, ' gas ' and
water connections for a two-story and base
ment frame building on lot on W line of York
street. 143 N of Twenty-first, N 23 by W 100:
f44OO.
Jesse W. Lillenthal (owner) with nobert
Grant & Son (contractors), architects Dodge &
Dolllver — All work for a two-story basement
and attic frame building on lot commencing at
point 145:3 W from RW corner of Spruce and
Jackson streets. W 25 by S 127:81*: $7303.
Builders' Contracts.
Stephen Byrne to Ann Byrne, lot on W line
of Harrison street. 125 S of Preclta. S 25 by
W 110: also lot on W line of Harrison street.
ir.0 S of Preclta, S 25 by W 110: also lot on
W line of Harrison street. 200 S of Precit<».
8 23 by W 110, Preclta Valley IB I and 153:
also lot on W line of Alabama street. 250 K
'of Precita S 25 by W 110; also lot on SW
line of Thirty-fifth avenue. 75 NW of L street.
NW 75 by SW 100, lot 2. block 47, Paul Tract;
gift. . *
Mary L. Mason to Edward H. Mason. lot
on NE line of Tenth nvrnw. 120 NW of I.
street. NW W> by NE 100, block 1S5, Central
Park Homestead ; jrlft.
Mary A. Br<»en and Theresa F. I»enox to
David and Isabella Hughes, lnt on S line of
Sagamore ttr*et. 236:8 E of Capitol. E 33:4
by S 125, block B. Railroad Homestead As
sociation: ?10.
Katie Capurro (wtf» of G. n.) to Edward
D. Swift, lot on NW line of Delaware avenue.
31R:« NE of Ocean House road. NE SO, NW
207:0. SW £0:6. SE 218; $10.
Edward V. Swift to Pauline Tlabeux. lot
on "NW line of Delaware street. 318 :fl N'E of
Of«an IIomm road. NE 2fl. TO* 115:S?4. NW
120. SE 115:8%. -lot 6, block 83. West End
map 1 : $10. .
' Syndicate Investment Company to Thomas
J. Rowland. lot 2110. gift map 4: $10.
Estate of Richard J. Walnh«« (by William
II. Ward, executor) to Daniel E. Cmiins, lots
1 12 to 14 t block ft, Flint Tract; $3405.
Emma C. Diefcndorf to Jeesie W. Dwell,
lot on E line of Forty-fourth avenue. 100 N of
M street. N 23 by E 120: $10.
A. D. Cushlng (executor estate of Margaret
E. Walrath) to N. E. Malson, lot on E line
of Forty-eighth avenue. 176 S of P street, S
25 by E 120; $100. .
Thomas (Jarrett to Gustave Busat, lot on
NE corner of Seventeenth avenue and W
street. E 32 :C by N 100; $10.
Harriet V. Brownell (wife of W. W.) to
Lleuella TIsdale, lot on W line of Sixteenth
avenue, 100 S cf K street, W 120 by S 75; $10.
John II. and Natalie II. Hammond to In
vestor (a corporation), lot on S line of Twenty
fourth street, 25 W of De Haro. W 76 by S 100;
$600.
San Francisco Land Company lo O. M. Bren
nan, lot on NW corner of Sixteenth avenuo
and California street. W 103:2. NW 20S:10. N
450:B. E 240 S COO; also all interest in outside
lot block 87; $10.
Caroline. Arthur M.. Solomon A. and Eva
L. Sharp to Mary C Schwarze fwlfe of Freder
ick J.). lot on E line of Larkln stre«t, 110 S
of Broadwas*. S 27:6 by 12 87:6; $10.
Mowji or M. and Sarah U. Samuel to Mat
thew Nunan lot on NW line of Market street.
22.1 SW of City Hall avenue, SW 25 by NW
300. City Hall lot K7: $10.
J;rae« F. Brown to Mary Brown, lot on SW
Iln<* of Gilbert street, 125 SE of Bryant, SE 25
by SW 7B; $10.
Charles O. and Mary A. King to Charles G.
Stuhr lot on NW comer of Duncan and San
chez streets. W 80 by.N 114: $10.
Estate of Nora Iiarron (Incompetent) (by
Cornelius J. Barren, guardian) to Fred B.
Wetherbee. lot on W line of Stockton street,"
75 N of Francisco. N f.O by W 68:6: $150.
Orlando G. and Louise M. Sage to James M.
and Mary J. Parker, lot on N line of Twen
tieth street. 255 W of Church, W 25 by N 114;
$10.
Charles G. and Rose E. Stuhr to Sarah John
eon, lot on E line of Castro street, 124 N cf
Nineteenth. N 23 by E 125; $10.
J. B. Needham to Lulu Schwartz, lot an
S line of Twenty- fourth street. 50 E of Ala
bama. E 23 by S HH. qultclnlrn deed: $10.
Henry and France* Groschel to Alexander
Bond lot on SW line of Eleventh street 230
SE of Folsom, SE 25, SW 68:10, NW 25, NE
70:6: $10.
Joseph Sullivan to Hortense Brlprnardello, lot
en S line of Fifteenth street, 100 E of Church,
E 25 by S 100; $10.
O. G. and Louise M. Sage to Ephralm H.
Musln. lot on S line of Twentieth street. 130
W of Church. W 25 by S 114; $10.
Jane McMahon to Michael Mostile, lot on
W line of Collins street. 150 S of Point Lobos
avenue, P 2T> by W 120, block C, Junlpero
Homestead: ?1<V
Belle H. Plummer to Carl G. and Cora M.
Jepsen, lot on S line of Jackson street. 75:3 W
of Cherry. W 34:11, SE 128:11%. E 33:0, NE
129, quitclaim deed; $10.
Carl G. and Cora M. Jepsen to Louise C.
Chevassus, lot on S line of Jackson street,
110:2 W of Cherry. SE 12S:ll>i, W to E Una
of land described In 2042 D. 64, NE 128:ll»s,
quitclaim deed; $10.
Loulxe C. Chevassus to Mary A. Rourke, lot
on S line of Jackson street, 142:8 W of Cherry,
SE12S:ll>-i. W to E line described In 2042 D.
C2, NE 128:ll»i. quitclaim deed.: $10.
Mary a. rtourke to California Title Insurance
and Trust Company, lot on S line of Jackson
street. 175:2 W of Cherry. SE 128:lltj. W to
W line of land described in 2C42 D. 62, NE
12S.11U. quitclaim deed: $10.
McGowan, lot on X line of Hayes street, 110
W of Cole, W 30 by N 137:6: $10.
Th» Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's liner Coptic, Captain Armstrong,
will sail at 1 o'clock to-day for the Orient.
She will carry a full cargo and more than
seventy cabin passengers, two score of whom
are Government employes returning to the
Philippines from vacations spent In the moth
erland. Among the passengers for Japan will
be Jules Brett, appointed Mexican Consul at
Toklo.
Coptic Sails To-Day.
42r; d«rk Herrinr Oil 40e: Salmon Oil, 34c:
t>oilrd Fish Oil. 37c; raw Fieh Oil, S5c; boiled
1'aint Oil. C3c; raw Paint Oil. 31c.
COAL, OII^— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
i;^c; Pearl Oil. In cases, 20c; Astral. 20c;
Ktsr. 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 26c:
i:o.-cne. 23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
lulk. Kx:; in cases. 22Hc; Benzine, in bulk.
Ue; In cases. :& : -r; £G-degree Gasoline, in
bu!k, 25o; in caee*. 31c.
TURPENTINE — felc T>er rallon in cases and
Tf>o in drums and iron barrels.
TIED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, 7i«0
7»«c per lb; White Lead, 7Vi©7?ic. according
to quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $43644 for local use and
ttl 25042 per Cask for export.
SALT — Price* to jobbers: Bales, 80e for
common and <1 10 for granulated; Dairy. $C@7
per ton; Granulated, 57@7 60; Half Ground.
ICO-lb bars, (3 25; do. &0-lb bags. S3 75; Rock
Salt. £2 65 in 100 and S3 25 in &0 lb bags:
Genuine Liverpool, $14. flS and (16 per ton
in packages of 224 100 and SO lbs respectively.
SL'GAIi— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, in 100-ib bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.80c;
Powdered, 5.80c; Candy Granulated. 6.80c; Dry
Granulated fine. 5.70c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
t.7Oe; Fruit Granulated. 5.70c; Beet Granu
lated O00-lb bags only), 5.00c Confectioners'
A. 5.70c: Magnolia A. 5.30c; Extra C. 5.2Cc;
Golden C. S.H>e; "D." 5c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels 20c more; boxes, 50c more; 5O-lb
baca. I0c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half
harrels, 6.20c; boxes. 6.45c; H. Ic E. Cryetal
Dominos. S.70c per lb. No orders taken for
less than eeventy-flve barrels or its equivalent.
LUMBER— Pine, ordinary sizes. $16013; ex
tra rlzes lilghrr; Redwood $19^23; Lath, 4
'e»t. *3 73<§4: Pickets. 817^25; Khlnglee. $2 for
No. 1 and $1 60 for No. 2: Shakes. $14 for
>; :.t and $15 for sawn; Ruetic, $33@39.
TO 8AIU
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Fler.
Jane 22.
R. Monies... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 2
Elizabeth... Coqullle River .... 10 am Pier 20
Iaqua Hurabolcft 10 am Pier 2
Eureka Humboiat D am Pier l:t
Arctic Humboldt 0 am | Pier 2
Coptic China & Japan 1 pmJPler 40
June 23. (
Pomo • rt. Arena & Albion 6 pmlPier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor 4 pmjPler :»
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor 4 pm:Pler —
Centralia. .. I^os Angeles Ports. 10 am! Pier 10
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos B. 5 pmlPier 16
June 24. |
Corona Humbotdt l:GOpjPler 9
Bonlta Newport & Way... 9 amIPIer 1!
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am 'Pier 9
Centennial.. Seattle &¦ Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Redondo.... Astoria & Portland 6 pmiPUr 2
June 25. I
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pmlPier 2
Alameda Honolulu ill am! Pier 7
San Jose...- N. Y. via Panama. 12 mlPler 40
Rainier Seattle & Bllngham 4 pmlPier 10
Newburg... Grays Harbor .... 4 pmlPier 10
Aurella Astoria & Portland 4 pmlPier 2
Chehalls Grays Harbor 3 pmjPter 2
San Pedro.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am! Pier 2
June 26. I |
North Fork. Humboldt I 5 pmlPier 20
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 amlPier 24
Argo Eel River Ports...! 4 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd. 12 m'Pier 1::
S Rosa.... San Diego & Way.] 9 am Pier 11
June 27. | |
Pomona.... Humboidt |l:3OpPier 9
June 28. i
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. I 9 am Pier 11
June 29. |
Nevadan... Honolulu & Kahului; 3 pmlPier 25
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. Ill am|Picr 9
June 30. I I
Coronado... Gray* Harbor ..V.I 4 pmiPIer 10
July 1. t | !
Costa Rica. Astoria & Portlandlll am|Ptcr 2t i
July 2. I
Marlposa... I Tahiti direct Ill am. Pier 7|
City Pananri N. Y. via Panafna.|12 m|Pler «0
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. Sails. I Sails.
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. I June 23
Al-Kl Sbagway & Way Ports.lJune 24 (
Santa Clara.. Valdez & Seward June 21
Oregon Nome & St. Michael.. June 23
Victoria Nome & Way Ports... June 25
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. June 25
Cottage City . Skagway & Way Ports. June 27
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. June 23
Continued From Page 15.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Under the existing law the veteran is
entitled to receive his pension, and does
receive it. but the new law, taking ef
fect July 1, requires the payment in a
lump sum to the treasurer of all pen
sions due to members of the home. The
directors are authorized to give to each
pensioner such amount as in their judg
ment he ought to receive, and the re
mainder is placed to his credit, to be
paid to him in full if he elects to take
his discharge from the home. It is ex
pected that quite a number of veterans
will leave the Yountville home next
month^
Profits that have hitherto accrued
from the canteen have been used main
ly to provide books, bands, amusements
and betterments for the members of the
home. Quite a large sum was expend
ed at Tountville to Increase the water
supply and provide equipment for the
new hospital. In order that the Gov
ernor and members of the State Legis
lature may be informed as to the dis
bursements in detail, the directors have
requested the experts of the State Board
of Examiners to examine the books and
accounts of the institution.
The directors governing the national
homes are convinced, however, that the
canteen does not promote intemper
ance, but, on the other hand, Is con
ducive to good order and discipline.
The fact exists, however, that the
Bell amendment prohibits the allow
ance of Federal money to any State
that permits a canteen to be main
tained, and as the Government allow
ance is 5100 per annum for every vet
eran-maintained at the home the di
rectors of the State institution at
Yountville have advised the national
board of management through Gov
ernor Pardee that the canteen will be
abolished. The State of California will
therefore continue to receive the usual
allowance of $100 per year for every
veteran cared for by the State.
FUND WAS NEEDED.
The law passed by Congress to abol
ish the canteen at State soldiers' homes
will take effect on July 1. At that time
the canteen at the California Home,
Tountville, will be closed, and there
after no wine, beer or alcoholic bev
erages of any kind will be sold on the
reservation.
Congressman Bell of the Second Dis
trict passed the law In the House. In
the Senate committee the bill was
amended so that the law would not ap
ply to national homes. Leading men
in the national Prohibition party high
ly commend Bell for his zeal in behalf
of the cause of temperance, and It
would not be surprising if he were in
dorsed for Vice President on the Prohi
bition ticket.
DIRECTORS FOR CANTEEN.
General Government Will
Continue to Pay for the
Maintenance of \Jeterans
FEDERAL ALLOWANCE
W. G. Ashley Jr., Miss B. Ashley, Mrs.
Ashley and four children. H. Z. Austin and
wife, T. H. Benton. Dave Barry, Mrs. H. Ber
j;er. Mrs. W. H. Bristol, A. A- Britton. Miss
Chung, Miss Cross, Mrs. H. A. Campbell,
Miss Craig. Captain J. C. Campbell and wife,
J. C. Cohen and wife. F. D. Creedon, J. Dyer,
wife and 2 children, S. R. Dowdle. Miss Deas,
Miss May Frasher, Mrs.—J. D. Frettas, Mrs.
A. J. Glgnouz, Miss M. Grace. George B.
Grelg. wife and child. Misses Greig:, J. H.
Harrison. W. i M. Harris, Mrs. A. D. Hill,
Miss E. Horner. Mrs. H. Holmes, H. R. Hud
son, R. C. Ingrlm. J. T. Irvine. J. H. Jones.
Miss A. F. Johnson, Miss James, Mr. Kelly,
Miss A. King. Mrs. L. B. Kerr and daughter,
H. M. Lull. W. Love. Ernest May. wife and
child, J. D. Marques and wife, Mlsa Melim,
W. J. McNeil and wife. Mini Macpherson,
Mrs. McCracken, C. A. McDonald. W. Morris,
Miss McClanahan, Mrs. E. C. Macfarlane,
Mrs. F. G. Noyes, Mrs. A. E. O'Connor, H. T.
Pope, Miss Putnam. Mrs. O. F. Renton and
son. C. L. Rhodes and wife. Miss Rochefood,
R. D. Rockwltz. Miss Spllvalo. Mrs. Sam
Wong and infant. Miss E. Stansbury. Mrs. H.
II. Scoville, J. S. Spltzer. Mr. Torbert. Miss
J. Tanner. Miss B. Taylor, J. J. Thompson,
M. Vlerra and wife. Miss Vandeerlln. Mr.
Von Graevenmeyer and wife. Mrs. O. H.
Walker. J. H. Wood, W. L. Whitney and wife.
Miss Wolf*. E. O. White, Mrs. R. R. Weir.
Miss B. Weight, Miss Whlteman.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Alameda, Captain Dowdell, ar
rived yesterday from Honolulu with
256 passengers and 1300 tons of cargo.
Head winds were encountered for two
days but otherwise fine weather was
enjoyed throughout the passage.
Three Chinese women, teachers in
American schools in the Hawaiian Is
lands, were among the Alameda's pas
sengers. They are Miss Chung, Miss
See Long and # Mrs. Sam Wong. They
have come to the mainland to spend
their summer vacation. George B.
Greig, well known as the King of Fan
ning Island, and a frequent visitor to
San Francisco, was one of the Ala
meda's passengers. Mrs. Grelg and a
¦child accompanied him.
Charles L. Rhodes, a newspaper man
once well known in this city and now
city editor of .the Hawaiian Star, came
up on the liner, accompanied by his
wife. Rhodes Is an alternate delegate
from Honolulu to the Democratic con
vention at St. Louis and a delegate
from the diocese of Honolulu to the
General Convention of the Protestant
Episcopal church to be held next Oc
tober in Boston.
The Alameda. brought up the ashes
of Frank Smith, late manager of the
Hawaiian Hotel. He died June 9 of
typhoid fever. The remains of S. A.
D. Jones, the insurance man, who died
at Honolulu on June 14, were also
brought home on the Alameda. ~
The Alameda's passengers Included
the following:
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. June 21. 10 p. m.— Weather
foggy; wind SW; velocity 14 miles per hour.
SPOKEN. '
No date— In lat 14 north, long 29 west, ship
Krsklne M. Phelps. from Philadelphia, for Hon-
June 1— In lat 10 north, long 25 west, Br
ship Scottish Moors, from Swansea, for San
Francisco.
June 3 — In lat 25 north, long 20 west. Br
ship British Isles, from Antwerp, for San Fran
cisco.
June 15—75 miles SW of Scilly. Br ship Gran
ada, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
8EATTLE— Sailed June 20— Stmr Humooldt.
for Skagway.
Sailed June 21— Stmr Spokane, for Skagway.
Arrived June 21 — Stmr Santa Clara, from
Valdez.
Sailed June 19— Schr Volante. for Berins
86ft.
Arrived June 21— Stmr Jeaat», hence June
16; Jap stmr Kanagawa Maru, from Victoria,
REDONDO— Sailed June 21— Schr Sehome.
for Grays Harbor.
ASTORIA— Sailed June 21— Stmr Columbia,
fcASan Francisco.
Walled June 21— Schr Mabel Gale, for Ean
Pedro.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June 21— Stmr J. 8.
Hlgglns, hence June 19; stmr Acme, from
South Bend.
Sailed June 21 — Schr A. F. Coat*, for Grays
Harbor: stmrs Iaqua, Santa Monica and Celia.
for San Francisco. Passed up June 21 — Stmr
Despatch, from Redondo, for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed out June 21— Bktn J. L.
Eviston, for San Pedro.
Passed in June 21 — Stmr Oregon from Nome,
for Seattle. Passed out — Stmr Columbia, from
Astoria, for San Francisco.
ABERDEEN— Sailed June 2t— Stmr Cen
tralia. for San Pedro.
Arrived June 21 — Stmr Grace Dollar, hence
June 16: schr Falcon, hence June 4.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived June 21— Schr
Wilbert L. Smith, from San Diego; echr Com
peer, hence June 7. for Anacortes.
Arrived June 21— Bark Coloma, hence June 4.
EUREKA— Arrived June 21— Stmr Arrow,
from Seattle, for San Francisco.
Sailed June 21 — Stmr Corona, for San Fran
cisco.
UMPQUA— Balled June 20— Schr Caroline,
for San Pedro.
PORTLAND— Arrived-- June 21— Stmr Ne
braska n, hence June 17.
BALLARD— Sailed June 21— Schr Ruth E.
Godfrey, for San Pedro.
Arrived June 21 — Bktn Katie Fllckinger,
from San Pedro.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived June . 21— Bark
Coloma, hence June 4.
* GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed June 20— Stmr
Newburg. for San Francisco; etmr Centralist,
for Ean Pedro.
Arrived June 20— Stmr Coronado, hence- June
16; schr Defiance, hence June 7. June 21 —
Stmr Grace Dollar, hence June IS.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived June 21— Schr Ad
vent. henc> June 9.
TACOMA— Sailed June 21— Schr Carrier
Dove, for San Pedro. *.
ABERDEEN— Arrived June 21— Schr Mary
E. Russ, from San Pedro.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU — Arrived June 21 — Stmr 81erra.
from Sydney, for San Francisco.
Arrived June 21 — Bktn Inngard. hence Juna
8th.
Sailed June 21 — Btmr Sierra, for San Fran
cisco; bark Santiago, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON — Arrived June IS — Stmr Advance,
from New York.
HAMBURG— Arrived June 17— Fr bark Eu
genie Fautrel. from Tacoma.
GIBP.ALTAR— Passed June 19— Br stmr New
Orleans, from New York, for Manila.
PORT SAID— Arrived June 9— Br itmr Oanfa,
from London, for Seattle.
SYDNEY— Arrived June 20— Ship Elwell,
from Port Hadlock. Arrived prior June 21 —
Stmr Sonoma, hence May 20; Br stmr Mlowera.
from Victoria.
VICTORIA. B. C. — Arrived June 21 — Br stmr
Empress of China, from Hongkong and Yoko-
HOBART— Arrived prior June 21— Schr AI
pena, from Port Townsend.
VALPARAISO— Sailed June 21— Ger itmr
Hathor. for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived June 21— Stmr Graf
Waldersee. from New York.
GLASGOW — Arrived June 21— Stmr Asto
rian from New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 21— Stmr Ryn
dam. from Rotterdam; stmr Finland, from Ant
werp. June 21 — Stmr Kronprlnz Wllhelm, from
Bremen.
Arrived June 21 — Stmr Mesaba, from Lon
don; stmr Bremen, from Bremen and South
ampton.
Sailed June 21 — Stmr Rotterdam, from Rot
terdam, via Boulogne; stmr Kaiser Wilhelm
der Grosse; for Bremen.via Plymouth and Cher
bourg; stmr Pannonla, for Trieste. Flume and
Palermo; stmr Sardinia, for Naples and Genoa.
CHKISTIANIA— Sailed June 17 — Stmr
United States,, for New York.
HAMBURG— Sailed June 19— Stmr Oxonian,
for Boston. •
GIBRALTAR— Arrived June 20— Stmr Prin
zess Irene, from New York, for Naples and
Genoa.
CHERBOURG— Arrived June 21— Stmr Graf
Waldersee, from New York, via Plymouth, for
Hamburg, and proceeded.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed June 21— Stmr Ivernla,
for Boston via Queenstown.
PONTA DEL OADA— Sailed June 21— Stmr
Canopic, from Naples, for Boston.
Bell's Amendment Will Take
Effect at Soldiers' Home,
YountYille, July 1, 1904
Oceanic Steamship Company s Liner Comes
From the Island Capital With Her Cabins
Crowded and Carrying a Full Cargo
CANTEEN MUST
BE ABOLISHED
ALAMEDA BRINGS URGE NUMBER
OF PASSENGERS FROM HONOLULU
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 22 ; 1904
14
j RA1IAX^J^:^S^:
/JvJrrr^N. to*rrtr«»»t
f°f^^^Q8AN FRANCISCO.
\^>.^^^v/ Feiit Dkpot
(Foot of Market Street >
t,..t« - MAIN LINE. _^i_i5'" T '
700a Vacarlllc!. Winter*. Umnwr 7 6fls>
7.00* Bcatcia. glmlraand 3»rr«mrnt.->.. 7.20s»
7J0a Tallejo. Napa, I ai:stoc«. Sacta
Kosa. Vartinn:. San IUmoa 6 20:*
73Ca Sllea. Tracy. Lathroi>. 7 20i»
f.OCA &h»'t» Eipr«»»— (Tla P»»!«>.
Williams (for TarMett SprlnsrO.
: Willow*. tKrniu.' Ued UluX
Portland, Tteoma. Se»:t!e 7.50>
f.00* Da»to.Woo--i:»nd. !Cnlcht» Umltiic.
MarysvKIe. Ch eo. urovlll* 7.5D»>
P. 30a Por» Co««». Mortlnen. Antl"cU.
Efron. Tracr. Stockton- Sew-
mu. Loa Itaao*. Mn»<lot«.
Armona. naofonl. VI sal I a.
Poru-rrille ••• 4.20»»
JJOAPort Osta. Modeito. Merced.
Frewo. «iMstt»i Ju notion, Il»a-
ford. Vl«al!a. l!a!ter»ileld 4.5fl«»
830a Nile*. San Jos«. LlTermore. 9tne>t-
ton.ftMllton). loae. SacmmanW.
M«rys»tll«'. Chi co. i:<~1 Bloft 4-20*>
S.3CAOak:Ui«-. Chlnn»*. Jamentuvn. So-
¦or». Tui'lmnne and Ang-i»l« 4Z0P
9 F0a Atlantic Express— Ogclen »nj E»»i. 520f»
I 9.30a KiehmofKi. Martfnes aad Way
Stations •50i»
1000a Tbfl O»erland Limited — O«dea.
Denver. Omaha. Ch. .:«:•. 9 20*
IOJJOa Valleja 1220»»
10.09a Los An«»l«« Paanen«;er — Port
Cosla. Martloes. Uyroa. Tracy.
Ijtthrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Ftcstxj. Goaheu Junc-
tion, llaaford, Lemoore, Visalla.
Bakersfletd. Los An;r\*» '-f?*
U.0f>* Bayward. Ktles and Way Statloat. 1-20*
t14)0** Baeniiaento Rlrer Steamer* t11.00P>
J M»" Bentcia. Winters. Baer*menr&
'Woodland, Wi:io»». Ka!«ltts
Lasdrar. Marys ml a, Ororllle
134 wtT «tiUom 123?.*
3-30* Harvard. Klles sad Way Stations.. 7-60»
3.50P fort Costa, MartlaeC Bjroa,
Tracy. Latarop. Modesto,
Merc?'!, Bereada. Fresno aod
Way SUtioas b*T»»d Pert Costa 12-20*
f-ZOm Tosemtte Tallej. Tla Bereoda aad ¦ _,
Wawona »-22 A
3Z0f Uartiaes. Tracy. Stocktoa. Lodl... 10.20a
4 CO Martlaex.SuBlUtnoa.ValleJo.Napa,
. ___ CallKtcsa. 6«nta Rosa t 2DA
« OOf NJlea. Tracy. 8to«ktoa. L«dl 4.20»»
4 ZOp Bay ward. Files. lr»!ngton. Saa I 13.50a
Jose. LI? ennore ) til. 60a
EXOPThe Owl Limited— Ne»ra«n, Lot
Itanoa. MnaUoia. Fresao. Talara.
j BakersOeld. Loa Anxslea. $-60*
I *8 -30P Hayward. "Kflas and Saa Jo**..... 720*
6.0CP Baywarrt. Nitesaod San Jose 9 50a
600p k.atcrn Eipr»s.«— Ofd'-n. Dearer.
Oraana. 8:. LoqJi. Cnteago aad
Fast. Tla Haritnez. Stocktoa.
Bacrameato, Co'fai. Iteno 12.5S"
I.OOp Tallejo. dally, except daaday I 7 Rfla
7X0PValleJo. Soadar only f tou^
7X0*» r.Irhmond. Saa Pablo. Port Costa.
• Martlaes and Way SUtioaa 1120a
7-Wp Keao Passenxer— Port Co»W, Snl-
lun. Elsiiri. I>»t1j. flajrraoieato,
Truekee, Laite Taboe. Reno,
Tonopah. Sparks 7-IOa
• Cbp Orecoa ft California Bijr«u- ?ac-
ram<!cto, MarytTllle, Reddlnc.
Portland. Taget Sound and East. 8.59a
8.1 Bm Harvard. Nile* aad Saa Jots (Sun-
day only) 11.80a
COAST LI N E (J«ra« «.a U? «).
(toot »f Market 8tre«t.)
745a SaaUCraxKienrtloaiSurMlayoaly) 8.10*
•-16a Newark. Centerrtllp. Sao Jos*.
Felton. BocMerCraek. lilt Ba«ta.
Saata Crux and Way titailoas... S 5S p
tl-ISA Alrarado. Newark, San Jose. Los
Oatoa,Glenirood. Felton. Boulder
Creek, B!j Basla. Santa Cni S.10»>
t2.1Sa> JTewark. CenU-rTllle. »aa Joaa,
New Almaden. Lo» G*:o». Feltoa.
Boaldrr Creek. Sanu Crux and
Principal VTay Stations 19-SSa
4.16p Kewark. Saa Joae. Loa Unto* tS-SSA
4-ISp Wrieht, Boalder Creek and Santa
Crui. Satnrtta* and Sunday only. 6S 53*
COAST LINE <«r.»ail ««aaci>).
ttf ( I nirii ami T»wn»end Streets.)
B.ICa San Jose and Wa7 S:aiion» 6*3^p
1700a Saa Jo*e nnd W»r Stations 5 4Cf»
7.15a Konterey and Sinta Crnz Exear- '
stou (Sandaj oaly) 10 30e»
8 1.0* New Almaden (Toes., FrlU.. on.'r). 4-13"
5 00a The Coaatrr— San Joae. Saltaaa.
3*n Ardo. Piw UoMra. 8<nta
M»r<j.-l;«. Ban Lais obispo.Snnca
Barbara. San Cncn^veDtura.
M<>nt*lTo, Oxnud, Burbank. Los
Antroles I043P
800a G::r,.y. Holllstcr. Castrortlle. Del
j: »ot<», P»cl2c OroTe, Surf. Lota-
poc 1045"
S.OCA Saa Jose. Trea Pines. CapUola.
EaataCrax.PaclflcGrore.Stnaas,
f-»n Ln!s oblspo ami Prtoclpai
War Station* 4.10»
IS -3flA San Jose and Way Stations I.SQp
11-30A8auts. Clara. Baa Jose, Los Oatoa
and Wa/ Stations 7.30a
UOp San Joneanil TV»y Stations S 38a
tj OOP Del Monte Kxprvaa — 6anra Clara,
Eaa Jose. Del Monte. Monterey.
PaciflcGrove IZ.ISa)
5 JOPBnrllnframe. San Jos«. Rtlroy. Hoi-
lister. Ires Plnoa, Psjan>, Capl-
tola. Santa Cruz, CaatroTilIe,
Salinas. I'atlflc Grovr 1045a
430p Pan Joae aad Way Statinns td CO*
16 OOP Santa Clara. **u Jum, Los Uatos,
* Wright and principal Way sta-
Uun«(eioep: Sundsr) tO-OOA
>630o San Jo§e»a<l I'rlnc1p»l V.'»y Station* S3 43a
6 45pBan*rt Exprr.*s.— Knlwnod. Saa
Jose, Or ;. ror.Sa: !u*«. !'»•> ::o!>!»5.
Ean Lb!a Kulspo. Santa C*rl-ar». /
Loi AniirV.. l*mlnc. Ki Pano.
New «>rle*n*. Xrw TorS .... T 1ft«
I.45P P»J»ro. Cspttola, Santa Crcz. Ca»-
troTllle.Del Monte.PacirirGroTe. 1345a>
| t£ 15p eai«*Mle',.l!err»forJ.l!r;i.>oat.j>.ia
Carlos. Odwcod. Fair Uaka,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto 18.4Sa
6 30d Salt Jc*« and Way Station*. 8-3Sa
8-COp Palo Alto and War diarlona: 10. 1i*
11 -30p aoutaSanFraodscn. Mi!ll>ra<>. Rur-
Itngamn. San Mateu, Belrauut,
6aa Carlos. Bedwood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park, and Paio Alu> 9 45*
j 111 J0r» MayfleJd. Mountain Vie-*. Saaay-
Tale. Lawrence. Santa Clara aad
S»n Jose « 45*
A for Mornlne. P for Arisraooa.
'bunda.T excepted. t Sunday oolr
' « Saturday oaly. • Monday oaly.
| 1 8 to w at all atatioasoajSapdax.
CALIFORNIA N0RTRWESTE2N RY. CO.
LESSEE
UM f FANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFi:
RAILWAY COMPAJTT.
' Tiburoa Ferry, root of Market Str«6*.
SAN FBANCISCO TO BAH SA7AEL.
I WEEK DAYS— 7:^0. S:00, »:0U. 11:00 a, m. ;
111P\ 2:30. 5:40. 5:10, 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
P. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00 0:30. lt:CO a. m.; UO,
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6::U>. 11:30 p. ra.
' SA2T RAFAEL TO SAW FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:0j. 6:30. 1:35, 7;5O. I»:3O.
11:15 a. m.; 12:W). t2:0O. 3:10. 5:00. 8:20.
tf:25 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:13
p. m.
SUNDAYS — 6:50. 7:03. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45.
3:10. 4:£0. 5:00, 5:20. 6:25. 7:50 p. m. t Ex-
cept Saturdays. '
Leave I In Effect I Arrtve
San Fran. ( May 1. 1904. I San Fran.
' Week I Sun- I Destina- I 8un- I Wetk
i Days. I daysKj tlon. JjJays. ( Days.
VT^Oa 7:43a 7:45*
7:50 a $:00a S:40a 8:40 at
8:00 a 9:30 a lxnacio. 10:20 a 10:20 m
I 2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:2O 9
! 5:10p 5:10p «:2Op 7:23 »
I 7:25 p
I 8:45 p
' 7:30 al 7:30 a 7:45 at 7:43 •>
; «:00i 8:00i Xovato. 10:20 a|l0:20 •
2:3" p, :>:¦"'» a Petaluma, 6:20 p! 8:20 p
[ 5:10 p| 2:30 p ! and 7:25p|7;23»
I I 5:10 p[ Santa Kosa. 8:43 p|
' 7:-TOa 7:3Oa 10:20 a 10:20*
S:0Oa S:0Oa Fulton. • 7:25 p «:20 at
j 2::tOp 2:30 p 8:43 p 7:25 9
\ Windsor, I
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsbur;. 10:20 a!10:20 a
Lytton. I
2:30p 2:S0p Geyservllle, 7:23 p! 7:23 •
( Cloverdale. (
. 7:30 a! 7:30 al Hcplanl |lf>:2O a|1020 a
2:30 p) 2:3Op| and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:23 9
I I Wltlits! j j
_ 7 . : ?°J l L 7 .:*' 0 J 1 ' Sherwood. ) 7:23 p[ 7:23 p
8:C«ia| S:00a| Guernevtlle and llO-JSTairo'io a
_2 :30 p| jr^^p Camp Vacation. 1 S:43 pi 6:20 p
I "f :^ •! 5 : S2 a I ~sT7oa~»740 •
I 5:10 pi !>::^)a Sonomn. | K:iX> p «-2Op
I I 3:10 p Glen Ellen. |S:KVp
7:30 a I 7:.:0a| IH>:2O a 110:20 a
I _ S: "° P ' - :3 °P1 Sebastopol. l7:2Gp| «:20 p
I STAGES connect at Santa, Ttosa for Whlt«
I Pul;ihur Sprinss and Mark Wjest Sprin^n; at
Fulton tor Burke's UanltArtUDf; at Uyttun for
l.ytton Sprlr.m: «t Oeyaervllln for Sl(a<,-,
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Oeysers) Boon«-
villo and Greenwoort; at llopland for Duncan
j SprlnKs. Hlchland Springs. Kelacyvllle, Ca:ls-
bad, Springs. Soda Bay. Lakcport and Bartlett
• iiprlngs; at L'klah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
{ Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Vall«y
, John Day'a. Riverside. USrley's. Buckncll'**
! Kanhertrin lleishts. Hullv'.lle. Orr's Uot
I ifprlaes Halfway House. Coirptche. Camp
I Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Drags
; Wotport. Vital; at Wi:iits for Kort Urufi..
Westport. Sherwtod. Canto, Covelo. Laytun-
1 vllle. Cummins. Cell's Springs. Harris, UImmis.
j Dyer. Carbervllte, i'eppcrwood. Scotia and Eu-
r»Ua.
i Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r»-
I duccd rates.
I un Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
1 beyond San rtafaet at half rate:*.
( Ticket Office WO Market tttrat. Chronicle
i bolJdins.
i JAS. L. FRAZIEH. R. X. HY.W.
Gen. >!anyger. Cen. r.ass. A<t.
WeeHy Can $1.00. bbt Year
ifcALIFO^NIA if
I LIMITED TO CHICAC [
i LEAVES MOHDAYS and THURSDAYS |
3 at J»:."tf) a. m.. thronffh In 3 days, |i
H wltl1 (Uner "^^ * u trappings b!
Other Santa Fa Trains:
7:30 a. m.1 fcr Stocktcn. Fresno, Bakersfleld,
8:00 p.' m.} Merced. Uanford, and Visalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. rn. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET O7X1CS3 — 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot, S. F. Also 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. 27 South Flrit St.,
San Jose.
?^pK33||ijj| TOSANRAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY.
MILL VALLEY,
*IIfllB0^ CAZADERO, Etc.
i^S^^aSSBr^??' Via Saucallto r«rry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, week days, at
6:30. 7:10. 7:45. 8:30. 6:15 10:C0. ll:i>0 a- m.
(11:40 a. m. Sausallto only), 12:20. 1:45. 3:15.
4:00. 4:33. 5:15. 5:50. 6:25. 7:15. 9:00. 10:20.
11:35 p. m. Sundays and legal holidays, depart
at 7:10. 7:45. 8:30, 9:15. 10:00. 11:00. 11:40
a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 3:15, 4:00. 4:33.
5:15. 5:50. 6:25. 7:15. 8:15. 9:00. 10:20. 11:33
P. IB
Arrive at San Franciaco week days, 6:17.
7:00. 7:35 8:15. 8:45, 9:35. 10:20. 11:05 a. m.,
12:05. 1:25. 2:60. 3:35. 4:20. 5:05, 6:40. 6:15.
6:55, 7:55. 10:05. 11:25 p. rn. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45.
2:u5. 8:50 p. rn.
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:45 a. m.
3-15 p m., 5:15 p. tn. (ex. Sat.). On Sundays
and legal holidays at 7:45. 8:30. 9:15. 10:00.
11:00. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 7:13
and 8:13 p. to.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
9:15 a. m.. Sundays only — For Keyes.
etc
3:13 p. m. dally except Sunday — For Caza-
dero. etc.
5:15 p. m.. dally except Saturday and Sun-
day — For Point Reyes, etc.
7:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Point Reyea.
etc. ¦
8:15 p. m., Sundays only — For Cazadero etc
TICKET OFFICE — 621 Market st.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
LeaTA fa haitlita ferry Arrive
San Francisco K»st sf larfctt S! San Fran cisro
Week Sun- suu- Week
Days, days. >4?r$«trS&i da ?*- _PiZ s -
*30a fe*«Ss»J^ 12:45 r* 8:45 a
....10:00a \J?5i>5iS^J 2:05p*H:05a
10:00 a 11:00 a «fo^fif 3:35 r 3:35 r
1:45 P 12:20 p 6:40r 6:15 I
6:16 p 1:45 p \&ipjr 6:15 p 10:05 I
4:36 r B-.60r
* Tla CrtTitt Car. ' Tamlpaii U fill Til'ty.
Ticiet J62S Makkkt St. (North Hhorc Railroad)
Offices land Sacsalito Fehky. Foot Market St.
DEATH NOTICES.
Continued From Page Thirteen.
A «3car:r t#lo%ed daurhter of Mary and the
lute Antiiony McDonald, a native of San
rT fTTr£' funeral will t.ke place to-dsr i
• Wednesday*, nt »t:30 o" clock, from her lato
refldcnce 1&U Killing ftrect. off Eleventh
between Hor.-ard ar.d Folsoro etre^t». thence
t-» ft. Joscririi «~hurolu where a requiem high
m>u •vS »* celebrated for the reposj : of
her eoul. nt 10 o" clock. Interment Hoi}
Croea Cemetery.
MITCHELL— In Tucson. Ari:.. June IS, 19C4.
James F. beloved (,ot; of Thomas and the
:ate Man Mitchell, a native of San Fran-
service* will be held at St.
llary's Cathedral, comer Van Ness avenue
p.nd OFarr»n street, at 9:M o'clock to-
day (Wednesday). Interment Holy Cross
• tmetery.
OLEARY— la Oakland Cal.. June 21. 1904,
Mary Aimen beloved wife of T. O'Leary. a
nstive of New York, aged 41 5***r« 3 month!
end 4 days.
CXKrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Tliursday). at «:30 o'clock, from her late
loddeaea. No f-Ttf Albion street, thence to
Ft. Francis de Sales Church, where a re-
iiulTn high mass will be celebrgted for tlio
repose t-f her foul, commencing at 10
cclock. Interment St. Mary's Cemeterj'.
Oakland.
O'NEIL— In this city June 21. 190*., Thomas
O'Nell. loving father or Mrs. J. H. Couelns,
Mrs. W. K. Hcgati. and Pater and Thomas
O'Nell and brother of Edward O'Nell, a
native' cf Ireland, a«ed 75 years.
OREILLT— In Oakland. Cal.. June 21. 1904.
Michael, beloved husband of the late Rose
O'Reilly, and father of Minnie O'Hellly. a
native of Newport. County Mayo. Ireland,
jp-G 63 veers. (New York Scranton. Pa..
end Cleveland. Ohio, papers please copy.)
CTFrlenda and acquaintances are reapect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. No. 727 Adeline street, thence to
6t. Patrick's Church, where a requiem high
trass will be celebrated for the repose of his
¦ «oul. commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Et.
Mary'e Cemetery, Oakland.
PEACHY— In this city. June 20. 1904. Frank
A., beloved son of Mrs. Georfia Peachy, and
brother of Minnie T. and Julia H. Peachy.
nnd Mrs. R. H. Peachy, a native of Callfor- '
-is. aged 25 years 9 months and 4 dayu.
CJTFrlends and acquaintances are rtepect-
;jl!y invited to attend the funeral to-day
« Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
<;f Cral*. Cochran & Co. 429 Golden Gate ,
» venue.* between Poik end Lurkin streets. :
Interment Cyprets Lawn Cemetery, by elec- ]
trie car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. .
St YUEN— In this city, at her late resi-
dence, Ivy avenue. June 1». 1904. Helena
l>or*lhca Scydfn. beloved wife of J. H. J.
and mother cf Mrs. J. P. Caraon.
ilrs. J. H. Gallagher and George H.. Heory
C. Arnold 11.. J. Fred. Julius. Alfred,
Gustav and Arthur Seyden, a native of Ant
lK>rum, Hanover. Germany, atred 65 years
1 ruvnth and 7 days. (New York, Dorum
tn<1 Hanover capers please copy.)
C7-Fr(Tids and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from St. Markus j
«:fcureh. OFarrell street, between Gough and
rrar.klin. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
WILLIAMS— In thi» city. June 21. 1904. Lilly
May Williams, beloved daughter of Henry
L. and Katie Williams, and beloved sister of
• •eor«7». Warren and Dean Williams, and
Mr?. I>>n Moore and Mrs. Walt Eddy of Lu-
„¦:.'. Ore., a native of California, aged 18
\rar» 4 months and IS days.
CTNotloe of funeral hereafter. Remains |
at the parlor* of Gantner Bros.. 12C9 Mission
circel, between Eighth and Ninth.
Officer* and members of Pacific Parlor No. !
J<\ N. S. G. W., are requested to assemble
ft the chapel of N. Gray & Co., S53 Edtter
Ktreet. to-day (Wednesday), at 1 p. m.. fcr ;
the purpose cf attendinr the funeral of our i
late brother, S. A. D. Jones.
E. J. LYNCH, President.
.1. C. MILLER. Recording Secretary.
X ADVERTISEMENTS.
; TD^iopTGas Engines
in' use in 65 k, p. 3-crsxnn>EB "trwiOH" mabikzt Eworsrc.
this port than those of all other' makes combined. They are fitted to
run on gasoline, benzine, naphtha or distillate. Special fittings for
kerosene and crude oil. Send for our catalogues, stating requirementsContinued on Pase 14.
CHICAGO, June 21 — CATTLE— Receipts,
6000; steady:, good to prime steers, $6 75©
0 «5- poor to medium. $4 50t?5 60: stockers
and feeders. $2 75©4 60; cows. $1 75@4 75;
heifers. $2$»5 40:' canners, $1 75®2 25; bulls,
S2<34 SO; calves, $2 50®5 50; Texas fed steers,
$5<!?5 65. • ¦ ¦;•.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 12.000: to-morrow,
35.000: market 5®10c higher; mixed and butch
ers, $5 10fl5 30; good to choice heavy, $5 30®
5 40; rough heavy, $5$25 25; light, $5 05@5 30;
bulk of sales, 15 2065 30. . .._...* ,
SHEEP-^Recelpls. 12,000; sheep, and lamps,
steady: eood to choice wethers,. $4 75@5 25;
Chicago.
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
CHICAGO, ' Junfi 21.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady;
creamery. 13%617%c: dairies, U%61Cc: eggs,
steady at mark, cases Included. 14%c; chee«e,
easy. 7Vi«8c. ¦ . '
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Mixed Feed, $22®23; Horse Beans. |3O®40 per
ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $10614 50; Wheat and Oat.
$11012 60; Oat. $9£»2: Wild Oat. $7«10: Bar
ley and Oat. $7@11; Stock. $768; Alfalfa. $7ff»
10 per ton; new Volunteer Wild Oat, $7®8 50
per ton; new Wheat. S\)<Q12 50; new Wheat
and Oat, $9<$12; New Oat, $9; new Alfalfa,
$7 per ton. •
STRAW— 60<g«0e per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The market for Beans shows little change
frcrn day to day, being quiet, though there Is
something doing right along. ***Llmas. Pink*
and <Bayos rule firm, while large and small
White are weak and dull. There Is nothing
new In Seeds.
BEANS— Bayou. $2 40#2 55; Pea. $2 &0#.1;
Butters, $3; small Whit*. $2 R.VS3 10; large
White. $2 3362 t»: Pink. $3 40<83 60; Red,
*4 2MM &0: Lima, $3 :fi»flf-'J 40; Red Kidneys.
$4 75^5: Blackeye, $2@2 10 per ctl; Hor?e
Beans. f2®'2 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 25£4 60; Yellow
Mustard. $2 50@3; Flax $1 75©2; Canary.
5%t?3}ic for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14%^16c; Rape.
2Q2Vje; Timothy 6<&«%c; Hemp, 3%Q4c per
lb; Millet. 3@3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20621 i
per ton. • -
DRIED PEAS-^-Blackeye. $3 per ctl; NUes,
$3 25; Green Peas. $3@3 25.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Top quality lots of new white and Early |
Ro»e Potatoes continued to meet with a brisk
demand at steady figures, but low-grade of
ferings were inclined to easiness, as receipts
were heavy and the carry-over from the pre
ceding day was rather large. Fancy Early
Rose were quoted higher and a few lots of
whites, which were competed for by rival Job
bers, continued to command the usual pre
mium. Red Onions were In free supply and
weak at a wider range of prices, while Silver
sklna were firmer.
Most kinds of miscellaneous vegetables were
In free supply and prices showed considerable
revision. Green Corn in crates from Ala
nioiia was offering freely and sold off well at
good figures. Sacked stock, too. met with *
fair Inquiry, but as supplies were plentiful
prices had a wider range. Southern Tomatoes
were firmer under light receipts and Summer
Squash In small boxes did better. Peas and
Brans continued to strengthen and fine Garden
Beans sold In e small way at 8e per pound.
New Green Peppers from Sacramento were ,
offering again and met with prompt sale. Chile
selling at 12%^ 13c and Bell at 20c per pound.
POTATOES — New White. $1 25^1 75 per ctl;
Early Rope. $1 4('.'^1 00 per ctl; Garnet Chile*.
*l SOiftl (50 per ctl; old Oregcn Burbanks. $1«
1 33 per ctl, old river Burbanks, J<Oc*i*l per ctl.
ONIONS— Australian Yellow. $4 25®4 30 per
ctl; new Red. C5'583c per sack; new Silver
skin.-", $1 2. r .#l M> per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. $1 75«2 25 per
sack and ?2 75ii.3 per crate: Asparagus, 5@Sc
per lb; Rhubarb, 75ci3$l 25 per box: Green
Peas. $2S2 50 jvt sack: Garden Peas, 4#5c per
Ib; Strlre and Wax Beans. 4@3c per lb; Toma
toes. 7">c<g$l per box or crate for Los Angeles
and $1 10 for Mississippi : Summer Squash. $1©
1 25 for omall and $1 7~>(S2 for large boxes:
Cabbage, ?1 per ctl; Carrots. *1 per sack:
Cucumbers. 75cf!$l per box for Marysvllle and
$1 75@2 for bay; Garlic. 4#5c per lb: Egg
Plant. 5®10c per lb: Dried Peppers, 8©10c for
sun-dried and \2\(i'Sl3c per lb for evaporated;
Dried Okra. 12 l 4'gl5c per lb; Green Peppers
from Los Anccles, 6910c per lb; Marrowfat
Squash, Jobbing, at l%@2c per lb. )
Poultry and Game.
No more Western Poultry was received, but
receipts of domestic stock were ample and the
market was rather eacy for everything except
the fanciest young stock, such as young Roos
ters and Fryers. California Hens were weak
at lower rates, as retailers were well supplied
with the recent heavy arrivals of Western.
POULTRY— Live. Turkeys. 14@15c per lb;
Gccse. per pair $1 2.V« I 50: Goslings. $1 50'i-:
Ducks. $4f/4 50 per dozen for old and
$4 50tfJ5 for young ; Hens. $5#W for
large and $ 1 n I 50 for small: young Rooster.-i.
f" *>O}?0: old Roosters. $4*?5; Fryers. $t:*t
f. nO; Broilers. $:;it t for large and $2 25^2 60
for •mall: Pigeons. $1 50 per dozen for old and
$1 5&ttl 75 for Squabs.
GAME — Hare. $1 50 per dozen; Rabbits.
$1 "l^i- for Cottontails and $1 per dczen for
brush.
Butler, Cheese and Eggs.
! The Butter market seems to be digesting the
recent heavy receipts without difficulty, as all ,
dealers quote the situation unchanged. The
retailers are complaining cf dullness owing to
thfi absence cf so many people from the city
during the numir.er vacation. Reports from
Lcs Angeles say that stocks of fresh and cold
storage Butter thert: are enormous, that there
' are also lanr<" lines of Eastern there or on the
way, whilr the San Joaquin Valley creameries
are sending In liberal quantities. Under these
circumstances this market need not expect to
ship any Hutter to I> ¦< Angeles at present.
In f.olte of the Increased receipts of Cheese
from Oregon choice mild new grades are com- j
mandln? a small advance, as they are not plen
tiful. The lower grades continue weak.
Th<? situation In Ei?f!» «hows no change wor
thy of note. The feeling In fine ranch Is steady,
as this is the time of the year when the mar
1 ket generally takes its regular upward turn.
I Store Eggs, en the contrary. ar« weak, as the
hot summer weather in the Interior renders
them poorer than during the spring. Besides,
they have to compete with Eastern, which
have bven ccmiriff in very llbsrally of late. • •
• Receipts wore C3.3C0 lbs Butter, 1102 cases
] Er*** iid KOO lbs Cfceey.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands. 18%B19e
for extras and 17%«*lSc for firsts; dairy. 16^
17Hc; store Butter, 13@15c; cold storage, nom
inal. "
CHEESE— SUtffftc for choice new and 7^7%c
for lower grades; Young Americas, 069%c;
Ea-tern. 12iWfifl4e: Western. H1?l2c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 20*i22% for fair to choice:
stort. 1 f;i?i !9e: Eastern. lyVj-JOc for firsts and
1U%(@1Sc for seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
i Trade In the fruit market was restricted al
! most entirely to buying for immediate local
Wants and with supplies of most kinds of de
i clduouft fruits far In excess of the demand the
general market had an easy tone and prices a
downward tendency. Cherries were the ex
ception and the light receipts cleaned up well
' at the recently advanced quotations. White
Astrachan Apples continued to meet with a
steady demand at the top quotation, but the
market was dull for common offerings, which
were In liberal supply. Peaches. Aprlcotr,
' Plums and Pears In small packages were weak
and large lines of all descriptions could be
had In the afternoon at or near the minimum
quotations. Apricots In bulk were firmly held
and small sales- were reported for canning ac
count at $.'I0i&40 i'<"" ton. One small lot of
' poor fruit was taken by a canner at S22 50
per ton. Grapes were dull at $1O1 50 per
crate and Cantaloupes and Watermelons were,
easier owing to the cool, cloudy w?ather. An
other car of Watermelons arrived and the price
was reduced to 2c per pound.
There are very few Seedling Oranges coming
In now and the quotations are omitted. Prices
of the other Citrus fruits are without quotable
, change.
STRAWBERRIES — J4Q6 per chest for Long
worths and $2 .".' i;4 for the larger varieties.
LOGANBERRIES — $293 per chest for red
and black. — ¦ • .-
BLACKBCRRIES— $3 60<86 per chest; crates.
50c.
RASPBERRIES— $5<88 per chest; crates from
Newcastle. 5C«t"5c; from Fresno. $1 50.
i GOOSEBERRIES — 3®4c per lb for small and
7c for English.
CURRANTS— $3 50®5 per chest.
CHERRIES — In small packages. 7*>«JflOc: In
bulk. C@8c per lb for Black and 6@7% for
Royal Anne.
APRICOTS — Small boxes and crates. 40©
85c: baskets. 40®5«c; In bulk.. 293c per lb.
APPLES— Old. $1 50-32 25 per box; new
Green. 25^50c for small boxes and baskets and
75c<B*l 25 for large boxes.
PEARS — 23(?35c per box or basket.
PEACHES — C0O75c per box or basket.
PLUMS — 33075c per package.
FIGS — 10tfj75e for single-layer and $l@l 23
for double layer boxes.
CANTALOUPES— $1 for small and $2 50-f
3 50 for large.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, $1®3 per
box as to size and quality; Valencias. $1 W\$
2 60- Mediterranean Sweets. $1 75: Tangerines,
$1 75Sx2: Lemons, $2 50fT2 73 for fancy. $1 50""?
1 75 for choice and $1©1 25 for standard:
Grape Fruit $1 50<32 for seedless and $1©1 50
for ordinary: Mexican Llmea. $4@5 per case:
Bananas $2©3 per bunch for Central American
and $1@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $2&3 per
dozen. * ,* ? :¦:*"•<. •'.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
With the exception of Apples— and they are I
In very 1!rM supply— old Fruits are about ex- ;
hausted and the quotatldna are accordingly
dropped There are still plenty of Prunes and
Ralstna "on hand and both are quiet. Nun are
dull and unchanged. Honey continues firmly \
heH on account of the poor crop outlook, as
already mentioned.
There is not much RCttvity In new Fruit ex
cept Peaches, which have lately been active,
especially around Fresno. It Is now generally
admitted that the output this year will be
light, and buyers are accordingly In the field
for supplies.
FRUITS — New crop futures — Apricots. 7©8c;
Peaches, 5%e«c per lb. Old crop— Evaporated
Anplei. 4Vi l B«*'<e; sun-dried. 3©4%c
PRUNES— 1003 crop, .2S2V4C for the four
RAISINS — F. o. b. prtcee Fresno for 1903
crop (subjert to change without notice) are as
fellows: 50-lb boxes — loose Muscatels, 4-crown. '
4e per lb: 3-crown. 4V*c: 2-crown, 4c; Malaga,
loose, 3-crown. 4c; 2-crown, 3*£c; Thompson's
seedless -4c; seediest- Sultanas, 3%c; seedless
Muscatels 3%c; itlo floated, 3%c; Seeded Rais
ins 16-oz cartorte, fancy. 5%e; choice, 5Hc:
12-bx. cartons, fancy. 4%c: choice, 4%c; in
bulk, fancy. 5Uc; choice, 5c: Imperial dus
ters $3; Dehesa, $2 50; fancy, - $2; London
Layers 3-crown. 81 33; 2-crown. $1 25.
- NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 13%fli4c:
No 2 Il%ei2c; No. 1 hardshell, 13&13%c;
No 2, ll@ll%c; Almonds. 11 %c for Nonpa
rlel's ll%c for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 'Otfc for Languedoe; Peanuts. 6©7c for
Eastern: Pecans. ll«B13c: Cocoanuts. *4 60<B5.
. HONEY — Comb. ll%#12%c for white and
CHICAGO. June 21. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour. quiet and easy;
No. 2 spring wheat, D3©n6c;. No. 3. 85®f)3c:
No. 2 red, 07«T08c: No. 2 Corn, 47%©4S%c:
No. 2 yellow. 40*$«I51e: No. 2 oats, 41c: No. 3
white. ,10(R43%c: No. 2 Rye. «5c; good feeding
barley. 3<V&40c: fair to choice malting, 42®
64e: No. 1 flaXpeed. $1 01: No. 1 Northwestern,'
$1 07; prime timothy seed. $2 02%: mess pork,
per hbl, $13#13 03: lard, per 100 lbs. $7©
7 02%; short ribs sides (loose). $7 2507 50;
short clear sides (boxed). *7 25ffl7 50; whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 28; clover, contract
crade. ?10 75. .
Articles Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ............. 17,000 lft,300
Wheat, bushels 29,000 42.200
Corn, bushels 550.300 30O.50O
Oats, bUFhels ...lftt.WO 11H.«O(>
Rye. bushels 2.OOO- • 2.000
Barley, bushels 18.800 1,000
Cash Grain and Provisions.
. NEW YORK STOCK LIST. .
Storks — ' ". ""Kale«. High. Low. Close.
Atchison Ai. 20.300 72% J 72 "72%"
Atchlscn pf «.'...:.. 4,700*1)5% ti5 - ' H5*.i
Baltimore & Ohio. . ; .1,400 i $0«4 : 6tBi ' 80%
Bait A Ohio pfd... .... 00%
Canadian r*e!flc... 8,400 •122%' 121%' 122%
Cen of New Jersey; Van l«l 161 tiw ,
Chesapeake * Ohio. 200 . 31 30% 30%
Chicago A Alton... i.... .... 87%
Chi * Alton pfd... ..... - -.-. '78%
Chi Great Western L600 , 14% 13% 13%
Chicago A N W... 600 170# .170 170
Chi. Mil & 8t P... 9,400 143*4 142%- 143U
C, M & St P pfd.. 600 177 177 ; 176%
Chi Term & Tran-. ...... 6V*
Chi TAT pfd... .... 14*4
C, C, C t St Louis. 69
NEW YORK. June 21. — There wan little more
than a drift of prices of stocks to-day Inter
spersed with periods of Idleness not inappropri
ate to the solstice and the tradition of summer
dullness In the stock market. If any effect was
produced on sentiment by the beginning of the
convention reason of the great political parties,
dullness was the enly evidence of it In the
market. The subject was not discussed. The
undertone continued firm and there were spots
of special strength which helped the general
tone.- The Canadian group was a conspicuous
example. Canadian Pacific and Its subsidiary
companies making notable advances on buying
attributed to Canadian account and accompa
nied by reports of large profits- from land sales
and popslble chances of a dividend, calculated
without mentlcn of any official authority. Lon
don prices came higher this morning, but were
without much effect on the opening here. Lon
don also turned seller here promptly, espe
cially of Southern Pacific. The immobility of
that Ktock and of Union Pacific were features
of the market after their recent activity and
feverlfch fluctuation*. * The quietude was rather
reassuring than otherwise, as the disposition
to sell Southern Pacific since the announcement
of the preferred stock Issue has had 'an 'un
settling Influence on the whole market. The
event of the day In which most* interest was
sht.wn wss the publication of the weekly bul
letin of the Weather Bureau of. the country'*
crnps. The very favorable reports of both the
winter and spring wheat crops caused a break
In the wheat market and Induced mme buying
of the grange! stocks. A rise of *4 in Atchl
eon measured the extreme -of the movements.
Bonds were fins, hut . rather dull. Total
eales, par value, $2,375,000. * '.
I United States t» registered ¦ were ' unchanged
on call. ¦ t +'" "¦ -¦- ' ¦¦-.'¦>;-•
A r ra- York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, June 21. — Money on call easy,
ltflK per cent; closing bid. 1%. offered 1*4
per cent. Time loasz, easy and dull, sixty and
ninety days, 2®2% per cent; six months, 1@
3',i per cent. Prime mercantile paper, .Vjii
4', per cent. Sterling exchange steady, with
actual business In bankers' bills at $4.R725@>
4.*730 for demand and at 1 4.8335a 4.»54O for
sixty-day bills. Posted rates, fi .sti-fi 4 88.
Commercial bills. $4>525@4.ST.3O. Bar sliver.
6T>»ic. Mexican dollars. 45%c. Go\-ernment
bonds, steady; railroad bonds, firm.
New York Money Market
j EASTERN 3IAEKETS. 1
The Eastern Wool market rules firm, though
the demand is not sharp, and this market is
firm In sympathy, with a very good movement
reported. - * . '
' HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about Vjfilo under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers »Vjc; medium. 8%c; light. 8c; Cow
Hides. 8c fcr heavy and Sc for light; Stags.
6c; Salted Kip. Oe; Ba-ltad V«al. 10c: Salted
Calf, lie; dry Hides. 16c; dry Kip, 13c; dry
Calf. 18c Sheepskins, shearlings. iT.rrr.Or each;
short Wool. 4C#65c each; medium, 70>gO0c: long
Wool, $1^1 50; Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 foe
large and J21I-2 50 for medium. $1 25<81 75 for
small and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. Slftl 23
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins^ — Dry
Mexican. 30e: dry Salted Mexican. 2".<v dry
Central American, 30@32%c. Goat Skins-
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth, 60c:
medium. 33c; -small, 20c. . .
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4!iS4%c per lb;
No. 2. 3%«f4c: grease. 2%©3c-
WOOL— Spring Clip— Humboldt and Mendo
clno 17919c: San Joaquln and Southern. 13
months' 10®12c; do 7 months'. O^llc per lb;
Middle Counties. 13«17c for free and 12@15c
for defective; Northern, 16018c for free and
14@lt5c for defective; Nevada. 13®16c. accord
ing to condition.
HOPS— Jobbing at 27%g30o per lb for Cali
fornia. 1903. Contracts for 1304 crop at
17%tJ2Cc are reported.
Meat Market'.
Quotations showed no farther change of Im
portance yesterday. Mutton, Lamb and Veal
rul"d firm at the advance, with supplies light.
Beef continued steady and the Hog market was
featureless. There are not tnany Hogs coming
In" at the moment, but there are enough, as
the demand Is vtry lle-ht.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from alaughterera to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— <S<&7c for Steers and 6®«c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7%©8%c; small. 83«%o per
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%«Sc; Ewe». 6%(J-7o
per lb.
LAMB— «®9c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 6%<J8%c per M»-
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
? CATTLE — Steers. 7%®8^c; Cows and Heif
ers 6%<S7c; thin Cows. 4<&5c per lb.
CALVES — !©4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 8%63%c; Ewes, 2>i l g3o
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— *2 25«j2 60 pe# head.
' HOGS— Lixe Hogs. 140 to 200 lha. 4«4«5c:
£00 to 23O lbs 4»-jC; over 250 lbs, 4>4c: soft
Hogs, nominal; Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars.
50 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent off from
above quotations. . >
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags. »%c: San Quentin.
$5 40; Wcol Bags; 32333c; Fleece Twine.
7(2^
CANNED FRUIT— The California Fruit*
Cannera' Association quotes the following price*
for the 1U04 pack:
? 4 * I
. 5 •* ¦:• j
Apples $1 55 $1 30 $1 '20111 10
Apricots 1 60 1 25 I 13 1 w5
Do peeled ltO 16S
Do, sliced 190 113
Blackberries 1 60 1 35 1 25 1 IS
Cherries. Royal Anne.. 2 io| I 80 1 65 1 33
Do. white 2(101165 150 130
Do, black 1 80 1 63 1 BOt.l 39
Grapes. Muscat 1 35 1 10 1 00 90
Nectarines 1 50 1 25 1 15 1 . 5
Peaches. Yellow 1 79 1 83 1 23 1 15
Do, Lemon Cling 2 00 1 25 1 00 1 33
no, L. C. sliced 20O173 16O133
Do. White Heath 185 160 143 130
Do. W. H.. sliced 1 Jt5 1 60 1 43 1 SO
Pears. Bartlett 1»O 160 140 123
Plums. Green Gage 1 35 I 10 1 00 B0
Po, Eg? 1 S3 1 10 1 00 VO
Do, Golden Drop 1 33 1 10 1 00 90
Po. Damson 1 40 1 15 1 05 1 00
Raspberries 250 2 23 200 100
Strawberries . ¦" 2 00| 1 75 1 80 1 40
_ CANNED VEGETABLES — Tomatoes, 2%-lb
standards. 75c; gallon standards, $2 19; 3-lb
solid pack |1. Green Peas— Baby petit pels.
$1 60: petit pots. $1 33: extra sifted, SI 13;
standard dfted. $1; standards, 85c; Marrow.
fat».~.v2Uc: gallon sifted. $4 25: gallon stand
ard. $3 7*5 f. o. b. San Francisco.
. COAL— Wellington. *8 per ton: New Welling
ton *«: Seattle. SB 50; Bryant. $S 50: Beaver
Hill $5 60; Stanford, $7; Roslyn. $7; Coo»
Bay. $5 30; Greta, $7: Wallsend. $7; Richmond,
$7 50; Cumberland. $13 tn bulk and $14 23 r»
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14|
Welsh Anthracite Egg. »13; Welsh Lump,
fll 50; Cannel. J8 50 per tort; Coke. $11 5iCi l;i
per ton In bulk and $13 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $11 45 per 2bCO lba and $12 50
per leng ton. according to brand.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb, 4%c:'
caaes regular, 5%c; cases, extra large. 6%c:
Eastern style 6V«c; boneless. CUc: "Norway."
6Vic- •¦Narrow Gauge." 6%c: '•Slhrer King."
7%c: blocks "Oriental." «"»«; blocks. "3e»
bright." «*4c: tablets, 7c: middles. 799V*c;
fancy boneless. 8V»i3S*ic: pickled Cod, bbls. IS:
pickled Cod. half bbls. $4 75; Pirate Core- Cod
Liver Oil per dozen pints. $8; per gallon. $3 23.
less 10 per cent. /
CORDAGE— Sisal and Duplex are \»c lower.
The local company quotes as follows, 60 days
or % per cent discount for cash, no sales under
10 COO lbs; Manila, 14%c: Sisal. 10Uc: Duplex.
»»'ic- Bale Rope. HVall V- P*r lb.
'COFFEE — Costa Rica — 14@13%c for strictly
: prime to fancy washed: 12%©13%c for prime
washed- 11%®12%c for good washed: ll%<9i:ic
for good to prime washed peaberry: lOQUa
for good to prime peaberry ; ll£12%c fbr good
to urlme: fi«10%c for fair; 7%©S"-ic for com
mon to ordinary.
Salvador — 14@14%c for fancy washed: 12%9
ISHc for strictly prime washed: lOHOUe for
good to prime washed: 0<$10c for fair washed:
10Sl2%c for fair to prime washed peaberry:
8%S10%c for good to prime semi-washed; 0<f|
9Uc for superior unwashed: 8%#8*io for good
green unwashed; 9%©10c for good to tuptrlor
unwashed peaberry: 7&Sc for inferior to or-
Nlcaragua— Nominal: ll%O13c for prime
to fancy washed; 9'910%c for fair to strictly
good washed: SH6S*-4c for good to superior
unwashed; 8%'SlOc for good to prime un
washed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— 14015c for fancy
washed; 12313%o for prime to strictly prime
washed- 113H%c for strictly good waahed:
10*4c for good washed: O^glOUc for fair
washed- 8K«9c for medium; 707*io for In
ferior to ordinary; 10%{?12Uc for good to
prime washed peaberry; 9%4?10c for good to
prime unwashed peaberry; S4'<jO' 4 c for good
to auperlor unwashed. /
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 29Q31e: extra
heavy. 31033c per lb; medium. 2S&
29c: light. 22®27c: Rough Leather, 2462t)c:
Harness Leather, heavy. 33^S9c for No. 1 and .
30@33c for No. 2: medium. 30©37c; light. 25)^
35c; Skirting. No. 1. 40942c: No. 2. 38«3Se;
Collar Leather, 15©16c per foot: Trace Leather,
40644c- Kip. unfinished, 40#50c per lb; Veal,
finished. 50«C0c per lb; Calf, finished. 63cB$l
per tb- Wax Sides. l««17c per foot: Belt Knife
SdIHs 14618c: Roush Splits 8#10c per lb.
TANB ARK— Ground. per ton; stick.
$16 ".0613 per cord. ¦
OILS— Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5c; Linseed, 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; CaW Oil. In cases. No. 1. 7ftc:
BakerV U. cases. $1 10^1 12; Lucol 43o
for boiled and 43c for raw; China
Nut. cases. «2%<J*O per talloo; Ct>
coanut Oil In barrels. 3*c for Ceylon and 0*c
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
011 esc: natural winter Sperm Oil, 63c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 57c: natural Whale /
Oil 32c: extra winter strained Lard Oil. 75c:
Kn 1 Lard Oil. CV; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 7-V;
x2: 1 NeVtsfoot O»: 63c; Ught Herrin« Oil.
; Exchange and Bullion.
New York Exchange and Silver are higher.
' International Exchance !s lower. v
i LOCAL.
• Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $4 sr.«4
¦ Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87*4
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 83*4
1 New York Kxch-uis-. sight — «>7vj
Now York Exchange, tel-graphlc. — 10
Silver,- per ounce " — 55*4
! Mexican Dollars •. 45% @ 40*-*
i INTERNATIONAL.
i New York on Mexico .' ....215
: Berlin on London 2tf.-"U>VS
j Paris on Ix>ndon 25.lt)
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— FREIGHTS— As already mentlon
: ed. the new ship-owners' combine at a m#et
: Ing In England has fixed rates at 22s
¦ 0d for Wheat and 23s Od for Barley and
' Flour, to go Into effect July 15. Whether
1 shipper!" will pay the rates remains to be seen.
; They will have to buy grain much cheaper than
1 they can at present to do It. The result will
i>b? awaited with Interest. The chartered
i Wheat fleet in port has a registered tonnage
I of *»¦ is. against 34S1 tons on the same date
; last year: disengaged. Sl.SStl tons, against
' 85.872: on the way to this port. 258,333, against
' 40».r»75.~ -•
WHEAT — The forelcn markets continue
I qui»t and unchanged, with plenty of Wheat on
; hand.' and the American markets are equally
1 featureless, with excellent crop prospects as a
] rule. Minneapolis wired yesterday that the
• crop In the three Northwestern States could
hardly look better and that the conditions point
I to a yield of 200,000.000 bushels.
In this market futures wero lower, but the
' cash grain was unchanged, though the feeling
' was weak.
CASH WHEAT.
I California Club. $1 27H61 -"2W.- California
i White Australian, $1 62%«?1 57%: Northern
i Club. $1 30S1 35; Northern Bluestem* Jl 50
@1 S5 per ctl. ¦
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :S0 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December lf.il SttfS *1 «»X ** -« ** 20**
2 p. m. Session.
December — $1 2B%.
PARLEY — The situation shows no further
change and trading In the cash grain is quiet.-
Futures contlnuef tn decline.
CASH BARLEY.
' Feed $1 OHiSTl t»0*-; for oM and Jliftl 02%
I for new; Brewing, SI or.* 1 10; Chevalier,
$1 02%®l 10 tor fair to choice. ';
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
¦ Open. High. Low. Cloee.
December ... »4% "4!i »3% m
2 p. m. Session.
December — 94c bid.
OATS — Aside, from the necessary transac
tions to fill the current Installments on the
Government orders for Manila, so frequently
mentioned of late, there Is very little going on
at the moment. Receipts of the new crop are
thus far insignificant and confined to the Red
White. »1 40#l 45; Black. $1 20»
1 25; Red. $1 20(81 30; Gray, nominal. New
crop — Red. $1 lOi&l 20 per ctl.
' CORN — The market continues to show weak
ness, as receipts from the Western States are
bo liberal that receivers are offering them at
conces-lons. . There Is no particular depression,
however.
Western sacked. $1 42%@1 45 for Yellow,
$1 42%6'1 45 for White and $1 4&Q1 42% for
Mixed; California large Yellow. $1 42%©l 45;
small round 1 do. |1 50©l 53; White. *1 42%®
1 45 per ctl: Egyptian. II 32%@1 42% for
White and II 25®1 30 for Brown.
RYE — Offerings are limited, but the market
is flow and tame at $1 30»l 32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at |1 75®2 per ctl.
-Flour and Millstuifs.
_ ____
' The mtHern report a quiet market for Mill
stuffs with quotations weak In rympathy with
the raw grain, though prices show no change.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. {4 60?>
4 90 usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 5O4?4 .««>;
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $3 S5<34 25
per bbl.
M1LLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour,' |3 50 per 100 lba;
Rye Flour $3 60; Rye Meal, |3 25; Rice Flour.
17: Corn Meal. $3 60: extra cream do, {4 25:
Oat Groat*. *4 60; Hominy. $4@4 25; Buck
wheat Flour, *4 50«M 75: Cracked Wheat. $4;
Farina, J4 50: Whole Wheat Flour, $3 75;
Rolled Oats, bbls, $7 25@8 CO; In sacks, |tf 7.V»
8 10; Pearl Barley. $B; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Peas, $5 60 per 100 lbs.
. Hay and Feed stuffs.
There Is some movement In Hay. Incidental
to the filling of the Installments of the Govern
ment Manila orders, as several transports will
sail within the next thirty days. ; Otherwise
• there Is not much going on and quotations re
main about as before.
Bran is steady and the market is at present
digesting the recent heavy receipts from Wash
ington. Middlings arc firm. Prices for all
:FeedstuffB remain unchanged.
BRAN— $22^23 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24<320 per ton. .
SHORTS— $22<g23 per ton. ,
. FEEDSTUFKS— Rolled Barley. $22 50^23
per" ton; Oilcake- Meal at Uie mill, $30 604/31 50;
lobbing. $32;- Cocoanut- Cake. S22923; Corn
Meal, i32®33; Cracked Corn, $32 50@33 50;
j CHICAGO, June 21.— A big decrease to-day
1 In the visible supply ot wheat overcame al
; most completely a severe break In prices, the
.result of bearish crou - advices. . At-the. close
September wbeat was down only h shade.
September corn is up Oats gained Sc
.and provisions 7%{jlOc. \
Firm cables nod additional rain In the
Southwest - had u bearish effect on the wheat
market at the opening. As a result initial
I sales were at a slight advance over yesterday's
' close, July being up a shade to Uit'luc at
' *4*ic to b5c. September was up a shade to
%4y»ic at W)c to SOMiC. Pit traders, however.
were inclined to the selling side, and on the
slight advance sold' freely. A number of
• bearish factors soon came Into prominence
I with the result that the market became ex
• trcimely weak. One of the main Influences in
this respect was the weekly bureau report,
which pronounced all conditions favorable.
Another element was the report \f the Kansas
Secretary of. Agriculture, making^an estimate
of 83,400,000 bushels as the season's produc
tion, compared with bT.OCO.000 bushels last
year. Bctore the veiling pressure abated July
declined to 83*ic and September to 799»c.
Durln? the latter part of the session there
was active covering by (horts on a decrease
of over 2,000,lHKt bushels in visible supply.
Late in the day offerings becama quite scarce
and in consequence prices were easily forced
*up to the opening level. Sentiment was firm
at the close. Final quotations on July were up
a shade at 84%c. September closed 79%c
j Early in the session sentiment In the corn
: pit was decidedly weak, but the market closed
strong and near the high point. September
opened unchanged at 4S%c, sold between 4Sc
and 49c and closed at 4SV«i4S%e« July closed
at an advance of %c at 48a»©48t4c
Oats closed firm, July %c higher at 89H,c
S'-ptember opened unchanged to Me lower at
3l*<,c to 32c, sold between 31%tf31?ic and
32MiC and closed at the top.
Provisions were firm on small receipts of
; hogs and hleher prices at the yards. At the
! clone September pork was up 7«/4c. September
1 lard cloeed 10c higher. -Ribs were up 7%{flOc,
i The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Clo-e.
Wheat. No. 2 —
Ji-ly. old • S5*8 8B-& 84 V. :83«
July, new . R"> 83 83&J 84*4
September, new. 80W, SOW 7»H "!>%
September, old. Bl-T-i &1"4 81 81^
Corn No.' 2 —
July 47*i 48% 47 Vi 4SVi
September 48% 40 48 48T,
De^emb^r 0 '.. 2^. S2V4 32% 81% 32%
June 40$;
July 37% 89»i 3SH» 39M,
September ....:' 32H 32Vb 31% 32>,&
: Mess Pork, per bbl —
July 13 00 13 07% 12 t»7% 13 02%
Septcmbsr .....13 2f> 13 25 13 20 13 30
Lard, per 100 lbs —
July .. .7 02% 7 07% 7 02% 7 07%
September ....: 7 22% 7 23 7 15% 7 23
¦ Short Ribs. per.lOO Ib.^ ? >i.w
September ','.... 7 70 7 75 7 67% 7 75
Future Grain and Proz'isions.
Point Reyes ..29.87 56 49 SW Cloudy .00
Portland 30. 04 M 56 NW Pt.Cldy T.
Red Uluff ....29.6S 1K> 62 SE Clear ¦ .00
Iloteburg 30. 02 «5t> 52 N Clear .00
Sacramento ..29.76 70 66 S Clear .00
Salt Lake ...2U.U8 84 fi2 6E Cloudy .02
Sau Franclsco.23.00 «0 64 SW Pt.Cldy .00
S L Obispo..2a.00 CS 60 E Clear .00
Kan Diego £».S6 6« 60 W Clear .00
Seattle 30.08 60 4S W Pt.Cldy .00
Spokane .' 2U.7S 74 54 SW Clear .00
Tatoo»h 30.10 34 46 W Clear .00
Walla Walla. .20. SU 78 60 SW Clear .00
Winnemucca ..29.<tt SS M NW Clear -00
Yuma 20. C4 06 62 W Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A marked depression overlies the inter
xr.ountaln country. A thunder storm is re
ported at Salt Lake City. Conditions are favor
able for showers Wednesday afternoon In the
Sierras.
Much cooler weather prevails In Oregon and
Washington. Warmer weather -Is reported
along the southern coast of California.
Fc*aca»t made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, June 22:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday,
warmer; light southerly winds, changing to
freth northerly.
Southern California— Cloudy Wednesday,
fresh southwest winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Wednesday, warmer.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednes
day warmer; light southerly wind*, changing
to fresh westerly. A. G. McADIE,
.. • District Forecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
For the twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m.,
12oth meridian time, Pan Francisco, June 21:
K'-.Ki-O " *3
iiii § ° |!
STATIONS. 5 3 o 3; c =
» " "• -» a
c = < H ; s-a
2 2 * v 3 "
? •' 1 3 I?
• • 9" : • r "
Cloverdale M ¦¦¦¦ Clear .00
<'o!us» S2 5S Clear • .00
Fretno 02 <J2 NW Clear .00
Hanford 07 50 Clear .00
Holllster 7D -KJ W Clear .00
Independence &O «« E Cloudy .00
King City Nl 4S N, Clear .00
Ul-eraon 78 52 Clear .1*0
Los Angeles CS TS W Clear .Oi»
Merced 94 48 Clear .CO;
Napa 74 52 SW Clear .00,
Newcastle f>2 50 S Clear .00 j
Newman 1« 55 Clear .00.
Palermo M *M Clear .00
Porter\-r.le 81 60 N Clear .00
Bad muff W C2 SE Clear .00
liiv.rride 7'J 69 Oear .U0
Kacr»meato 76 61J S Clear .v0
Fan Dl'so CtJ CO W Clear ,f0
San Franclrco «» S4S SW Pt.Cldy .00
Pan Jose 78 M Clear .Oft
San Lu!s Oblspo 68 50 E Clear .CO
Fanta Maria 7«i f>:« Clear" .00
Banta Kosa 70 S3 *"!ear .0U
«!<--:kton 50 Cleur .CO
Willows »7 59 S Clear .00
1 "weather and crop conditions.
Hanford — Grain looking excellent. Fruit and
grap<s prospect pood.
Colusa — Crcp conditions unchanged.
Hollister— Barley ripening fast: good crops.
Riverside — Honey crop very light.
Napa — Morning high fog; no change In crop
conditions.
Cloverdale — Apricot crop almost a complete
failure.
Santa Maria — Cool weather continues retard
ing fruit ripening, but favorable for other
crops.
Han Jose — Watsonvllle apple crop short.
Willows — Wheat harvest In full blast.
Stockton — Harvesting 1 progressing satisfac
torily: good crop.
Livermore — Grape crop promises to be good
as last year. • •¦
Palermo— White Adriatic figs setting forth
; and promising a large crop.
Santa Rosa — Crop conditions unchanged.
Newman — Harvest nrarlng completion.
A G. McADIE. Section Director.
LOCAL MARKETS.
TtJ* United States Branch Mint in this city
has been closed down for the annual el'an-up
' *L=d settlement. The coinage for this month
consisted of 1,470,000 Philippine silver pesos,
against 1,494.000 Philippine s'-lver pesos and
600,00» United States standard dollars in June,
19C3. The total output of United Sta.tes coins
during the fiscal year, commencing July 1,
::•>-;. was as follows:
Double eacles $84,693,500
Ingles 6,3&0,000
liulf eagles 1.140.000
dollars 3.045.000
Half dollars KS.000
•quarter dollars 25l».0>«>
lnnjts 84,330
Total $34,€S»,S30
The coinage of l.'nived States moneys for the
CecaJ year cf ll>02-O3 was »^9,227,*>i>4. During
tli*- la*t thrte months of that year there were
•4.704.OO0 Philippine silver pesos coined. The
coinage cf Philippine eil\-er coins for the cur
rent fiscal year was of several denominations
arid equivalent to S.IKPJ.OKS if*dfc. The coin
age for the first six months ot Htis ytar was
»73.&iy5.*>co in United States coin, besides
«.liS,0o0 pesos in Pbillri'ine silver coins.
The Weather and Crops.
The weekly rt-port of A. G. McAdlo. action
director of the climate and crop service of the
Weither Bureau, is as follows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The weather was cooler than doling the pre
<f(lSng -¦¦- • * and condition* wre more favor
tbl> for crops than for several weeks. The
uinis were mostly frvm the south and west,
p'oe* were frequent In the coast districts. !
Uraln made eorwiderabh; Improvement under
the favorable condition*, but :he long- period
vt dry north wmdc materially letuwW the
crop «n most etrctionc. Harvey is In progress
rn barlt-y &nd •.*:>¦, and whtat harvest has
commenced in «ome pUcep. The grain 3.- gen
erally of fair quality, but the yield is much
t«lom- early ex jactations. Haying continues
«nd baUaS i« «n prcgre»>s: the yield is un-
IMTiatlj hnj in «<-a# m-.-U'T.:, i..e ijja.»iy
is very good. Hops in the overflowed >2istrictii
• • -.- .-^. •-.:.-:: mill be a failure, hut in
Sonoraa County the crop is reported In good
t-ocditittn. with prot>pccti> ot a large yield. The
Edward* break which occturcd ca February 2'J
was eland June l(i. and pvme of i!jv over
r-w.li latid v.i.1 : ..;¦•..:. ir.i to beans and ;•¦:.*
toes, lleans and tOSMX beets are <io;r.s well,
• ;¦..-.... on irrigated lands. Pi^turatre is
tcarce.
Oraj)es in some -*¦ 1. :.• mere slightly dam
aged by heat during the preced!rj wetk, but
tlite i'Ullo< k • sul: go<<d lor a iarbe clop In M.I
parts of the Stair. Aprk-ut picking and can
cing are ia pnnrr^se; the yield i« light, but
the fruit is of good quality. . Other deciduous
fruits are rapidly maturing •¦'¦'¦ ate quite
;•?:>.:-: in the markets, but the yield of
mo«t varieties will be light. Citrus orchards
are in good condition and are belcg liberally
Irrigated in the south.
i-ACRAMENTO VALLEY— Cod weather and
fcoulherly w,r.d» pievailiO nn-rt or th.- »t>r».
greatly bentfiUng train and fruit. The Ed
wards brrak ha* been closed and sotr.e of the
— overflo-»*<i land will be planted to tx-ans and
potatoes; h- ; .- and fru.t in that locality will
be a failure. Hay cutting and baling are
Iirorren-ir.g rapidly, and tfce crop li generalry
heavy and of good quality. Grain harvest is
in progress: the yield is light and the quality
fair. Barley will yield about half the average
crop in some eectio&a. llcitt In the Wheaxlaud
district .are doing well, but the yield will
probably b« let* than average. Pears and
prunes are in excellent condition and will yield
a full crop. Aprlceu. apples and peaches -will
be ilrht. The second crop of strawberries is
light. Vineyards are thrifty and the grape
c-rcp will be heavy in most places. Citrua
fruits «re In good condition.
COAST AND CAY SECTIONS — The weather
»-a* cooler than during tta^ preceding week and
fjC* were frequent. Haying is nearly com
pleted in the southern di*tricl» and proirreiis
!rx rapidly else* here; the yield is unusually
heavy in rcme sections and the quality very
good. Grain harvm is in progress; barley
and oat» axe yielding fair crops. Report* on
the wheat crop are very meager, tout Indicate
that •¦.'..•¦ yield W.U be lighter than anticipated
• «r;> in the season. Hops are in good condi
tion and in pontocs cf Sonoma County will
yield * large crop. Graphs in some sections
have been slightly damaged by heat, .but the
prospect for a Urge crop is etlll good. Decidu
ous fruit* are maturing and harvest Is in
progress; the crop it not equal to expectation.
KAN JOAQUIN VALLEY. — Clear and
reasonable weather prevailed during ' th •:
past we«-ic. Grain harvent continues . in
all eectione: the barley is a fair yield, but In
torn* districts the wheat Is reported pinched.
Uayl&C continues and most of the second crop
of alfalfa hat been harvested and baling Is in
progress. The fruit crop is ripening rapidly.
Apricots, peacbes and nectarines are being
chipped la large Quantities and canneries and
<Jryer» *re in full operation. Firs and apples
are ripening In some sections and snail -ship
ments have been made. Grapes are making
good procrees and promise a large crop. Prunes
have «et well. Feed is getting scarce in tome
localities, but rtocic are in good condition and
healthy. Irrigation water is plentiful.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA— The weather
was warm and clear during the week, with
occasional fogs at night along the <<.s>-t.
Lemon and orange groves In eome sections are
beginning to ehow the effect of drought and
liberal Irrigation Is necessary. Heavy ship
ments of lemons are being made from Ban
Diego and Santa. Paula. Berries are plentiful
and of excellent quality, apricots are ripen-
Ing-; the fruit Is of rood «!-*. but the yield
«111 be lixht. Otber deciduous fruits are in
fair condition. Vineyards are thrifty and give
promUe of a heavy yield, lleanr and berts are
making rood progtet-e. Barley and oats in
Santa. Barbara County are yielding fair crops.
EUREKA SUMMARY— Haying Is progress
ing 1 ; -the yield - is one-third greater than last
y«ax. Oata fine; a large crop assured. Vege
tables are doing well. Email fruit Is abun
dant. Apples less promising, but a good yield. <
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY— Weather favor
able for all seasonable crops. Water getting
•scarce In some place*. Walnuts reported heavy ,
crop. AT>ric6ts light. Orange* and lenseni
*et full crop and orchards In good condition.
Weather Report.
(I2Ota Meridian— Pacific Time.) . *
6AN FRANCISCO, June 21—5 p. in.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the prevloui day
from Casters cities:
Boston M)-«Kenr Orleans 90-74
Cincinnati M-6H Philadelphia, S4-70
Jacfctonville JHV74 Washington 86-e8
fct. Louis 62-66 New York 84-68
THE COAST~RECORP.
S? 2 K 2 2^
I 32=3 j:^ 8* g
STATIONS. 5 * § 5§ 3 3 f"V «
H-z ? ? : : :
Baker 29-RO 76 48 N Clear Too
<ar»«on ».«8 M M W Clear .00
Kreeno 29.74 92 C2 KW Clear .00
S E. Farallo-j.2a.sw 54 61 BW Cloudy .00
liap«:aff 29.70 74 3* KW Clear .00
Pof*tello 29. «2 RS 46 SW Oear .00
Ir.tfependence .29.«6 »0 iX R Cloudy .00
Los Angeles ..».« «« tX W mear .00
Bit. TamsJpais.lrS.aO «T1 45 W Clear .00
North Head ..30.14 54 80 NW Clear T.
Phoenix 23.64 S! tS W Clear .00
Coinage Statistics.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — July. Sept.
Opening 6 2% 6 3>4
Closing 6 2% 6 3..
. . PARIS.
Wheat June. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 20 00 20 05'
Closing 19 SO 19 90
Flour —
Opening 27 30
Closing 27 10
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, June 21. — There Is a steady market
for domestic wool. The sentiment prevails
that the new wooU must bring high prices In
order that the buyers may clear a profit on th«
new clip. Some choice lota have recently been
disposed of at record values. Receipts of new
grades are heavy dally and Increasing.
Territory wools are quiet and* foreign grades
are also Inactive, though firm. Quotations:
Territory: ' Idaho — Fine. 17918c; heavy fine.
14{il3c; fine medium, 17@ : lSc; low medium, 18
©10c.
Wyoming— Fine, 15fflfi%c; heavy fine. 14®
15c; fine medium. 17@21%c; medium, 19f?20c;
low medium, 20$*flc.
Utah and Nevada— Fine, 1 15®10%c; heavy
fine 12©14c; fine medium. 17® 18c; medium,
19>C620c: low medium. 19@20c. .
Montana— Fine choice, 18® 10c; fine, 17®18c;
fine medium choice, 1S@1S)c; staple, lOJfJOc;
medium choice. 19tf20c. .
St. Loft is Wool Market.
• ST. LOUIS, June 21. — Wool, firm and ac
tive:, medium grades, combing and clothing,
lN924ttc; light fine, 16gi0c; heavy fine, 12®
15c; tub washed. 20@23c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. June 21.— WHEAT — Walla
Walla, tOc; Bluestem. 75c; Valley, "Sc.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. June 21.— WHEAT— Nominal.
Bluestem, *0c; Club, 70c.- ' *
0 Northern Business.
SEATTLE, June 21.— Clearings, 6Rft,035;
balances, $101,006.
TACOMV June 21 - — Clearings. $401,125;
balances. ?R1.618.
PORTLAND, June 21.— Clearings, $573,245;
balances, S1O4.4OS.
SPOKANE. June 21.— Clearings. $390,566;
balances. $284,554.
The Hep market Is reporttd quiet, both he*»
and in the East, but the treltng is steady
enough to maintain prices. Neither sellers nor
bv.yt.-r* seem to concern themselves much about
quotations at present and transactions aJ a. rule
are merely to All Immediate wants.
Hides remain as for some weeks, being
steady, with demand enough to keep stocks
from accumulating. ,
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Miscellaneous Markets.
Wall-street Stocks fractionally higher. Cotton Imver.
Local Stocks and Bonds dull. Tonopahs continue lively.
Neza York Exchange higher. International rates lower.
Fractional fluctuations in Silver and Mexican Dollars.
iMrgc quantity of idle Grain Tonnage in port.
J I' heat and Barley quiet, with lower futures.
Oats steady. Corn wak and Rye quiet.
Hay and Fccdstuifs moving well at previous prices.
Millstuifs quiet and weak, but no lower.
Conditions in Beans and Seeds as before stated.
Butter and Eggs steady. Cheese a fraction higher.
Old Dried Fruits about gone. New in fair demand.
Nuts quiet. Honey still firmly held.
Provisions in good supply here and in the West.
Hops, Hides and Wool as before quoted.
Mutton, I^amb and Veal firm. Beef steady and Hogs cas.
Sisal and Duplex Cordage Jower.
Good Potatoes firm, but loiver grades weak.
Poultry market well sttpplied as a rule.
Fresh Fruits in large supply and generally weak.
The situation shows no change worthy of
note. Chicago waa 5c to 7%c higher, with re
ceipt.* of Hogs' still brlow those of l.«st y«*r
and th« packers on both sides of the market.
The San Francisco market is Inactive and
featureless, with ample supplies of everything.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 0%c per lb for
heavy, 10b for light medium. 12c for light.
13%o for extra light and 15916c for sugar
cured; Eastern nugar-cured Hams. 13c; Cali
fornia Hams, 12S12%c; Mm Beef. $t<X9
10 SO per bbl; extra Mesa. $11911 50; Family.
$12912 50; prime Mesa Pork. $14: extra elear.
$22; Mesa. $17 60; Dry Salted Pork. »V4c; Pt£
Pork. - $20; Pigs' Feet, $5; Smoked Beef. 14c
per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb torn
compound and 8%c for pure: half-barrels. pur».
8%c; 10-lb tins. »i«c; 5-lb tins, 9%c; 3-lb tins.
8%c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, 8%c; three
half barrels. 8%c: one tierce. 8%c; two tlexcea,
Sc; five tierces,- 7"ic per lb.
Provisions.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
10-iyllc for amber; water white extracted. 59
6c: light amber extracted, 4%0Sci dark.
3%64c.
BEESWAX— 27«29e per lb. .. .
Colorado Southern .' 15U
Colo South let pfd 4S
Colo South 2d pfd 10 <
Dela & Hudson... 2,300 155% 154% lMUu
Del. Lack & West .... 270
Denver & RioG... 100 20% 20 »i 20 !
Den & Rio O pfd.. 70%
Erie 2.200 28*4 23<* 23*4.
Erie 1st pfd. 700 68% 57?; ' 67*4
Erio 2d pfd ..;* 31H
Hocking Valley 100 67 67 / 67
Hocking Valley pfd 400 83 ..82% 82%
Illinois Central 400 130% 13014 130%
Iowa Central -. ... is
Iowa Central pfd 33
K C Southern " 100, 20% 20% 20%
K C Southern pfd.. 600 41 4OV4 40%
LOuls &. Nash 600 109% 109% lw*«
Manhattan L.....: 5,800 149 148 116%
Metropolitan Sees.. 800 77 70% 76%
Metropolitan St Ry 4,000 111 1W»% 110%
Minn & St Louis... 100 44 44 42
M, StP&SSM.. 2.800 64% 62% 64 I
M.StP & SS M pfd. 1,200 122 ; 120 121
Missouri Pacific 3,600 02% 82 »2 '
Mo. Kan & Texas 16K
M. K & T pfd 200 37 37 S«%
Ntl R R Mex fifd Zl f*
New York Central. COO 116% 116 116 i
Norfolk & Western. 100 RtJ . 60 65%
Nor & West pfd 62 .
Ontario & Western. 6,700 26 25% 26 ' ¦'
Pennsylvania 2,100 115% 115% 115%
P. C. C & St Louis. - .... 58 • i
Reading 8,200 47% 46% 47% •
Heading let pfd si j
: Heading 2d pfd -. .. HT. :
Rock Island Co 2,500 21 ' 20*4 20*4
Rock Island Co pfd COO 64 64' 03% I
PtL & SF 2d pfd 44%
St Louis S W Jl*i
.Rt Louis 8 W pfd.. 400 29 28% 29
Southern Pacific... 18,800 46% 45% 46
Southern Railway. 1,500 21% 21 21%
Southern Ry pfd... 100 85 85 84%
Texas & Pacific 21%
T. St L & W 200 24% 24% 23%
T. St L & W pfd.. 100 37% 37% 37
Union Pacific 10,600 87% 87% 87 %
Union Pacific pfd.. 100 82% 02% 92
Wabash ' ." 16^4
Wabash pfd 1,200 S5% 35% 35%
Wheeling & L E. . 200 15% 15% 15V,
Wisconsin Central 16%.
Wisconsin Cen pfd 37
Mexican Central 7
Express Companies —
Adams ' 225
American .... 182
United States 104
Wtlls-FarRo 200
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper.. 19,600 50% 50 60
Am Car A. Found 17%;
! Am Car & F pfd.. 7
¦Am Cotton* Oil 24%:
I Am Cotton Oil pfd. 8S !
Am Ice 400 6% 6% 0% 1
Am Ice pfd 200 26% 20% 2(5%
Am Linseed Oil 7
Am Lin Oil ofd 24
Am Locomotive .. 100 19V4 liHi 10
Am Locomo pfd 83
Am Smelt& Ref . . «00 5.1% RJ% 63%]
Am Smtlt & R pfd 700 OS'i »S% 08%
Am Sugar Ref ... 700 126% 12«ii 126%,
Anaconda Min Co 73
Brooklyn Rap Tran 10,600 49Vi 4>>% 4S%
Cr.lo Fuel & Iron.. 100 30 30 27
Consolloated Gag .. 3.700 105% 104 194%
Corn Products 100 10% 10% 10%
Ccrn Products pfd 66%
Distillers Securlt .. 2(K) 21% 21 V4 21
General Electric .. 100 151% 151% 151
Internat Paper 11
Interr.at Paper pfd 6(5
Internat Pump 2S
Internat Pump p'd .... .... ¦ 72 !
National Lead 000 20% 20% 20UM
North American .. 100 S5 85 83%
Pacific Mall 25
People's Gas n« »«% oc.% »rt%
Ptt»*eil Steel Car.. 300 27 27 2o%
Prefsed S Car pfd 70
Pullman Pal Car.. 200 213 212 212
Republic Steel 100 .«% tt\i «% <
Herublle Steel pfd. 100 41% 41% 41
Rubber Goods 15 •
Rubber Good3 rf d 76
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 100 35 35 34%
U S Leather : . . . 6% i
U S Leather pfd... 100 79% 79% 70% ,
V S Realty 100 6% . »\i 6%
U S Realty pfd 59 !
U S Rubber 16'C, ;
IT S Rubber pfd 65U
U S Pteei 2.600 9% 0V4 9%
U S Steel pfd 2,:tOO 55% - M 53%
Weptlnghpe Electric 100 168% 13Ctt 130%
Wettern Union ... 700 86% 86% 80%
Total »ales ...lf»0,9<irt
\ UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, June 21. — No bond transactions
to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common — Hid, $4 ; asked, $4 25. Preferred —
Bid, $.47 7.*; asked. $38 75.
NEW YOilK BONDS.
U S ref 2s r..*,..10»*i'. 1. &. N unified 4s. 101%
Do coupon l'li'V ->ian con gold 4s. 101%
Do 3s ng MJ5ihiM«x Central 4s... iU |
Do coupon 106 1 Do 1st Inc.... 12%
Do new 4s reg.l^V4|Minn & St L 4s. f Jf> 4 ,
Do coupon i:C-Vii. K. & Tex 4s.. 0S%
Do old 4s reg.lOu%| Do iMa 78
Do coupon 107 XK of Mex con 4« 74 .
Atch gen 4s 102% | .V Y C gen a Vis. .1UMS,
Do adj 4s VZtilS J C gen 5s 1^2%
Atlantic C L 4?. »5%|Nor Pac 4s 104%
Jial & Ohio 4s...l(TJV«l Do as 73%
L>6 3%s 95 vfc I Nor & W con 4a.l0l)
Central of Ga 5s.Hrj%jOSL 4s & partic. »0%
Do 1st inc 74 I Fa conv >%¦.".:. 07
Ches A. Ohio 44».104%l iLeadlng gen 4s...lOJ%
Chi & Alton :;v...s. 79 IS L & I M con 5s.ll3%
C. B & Q new 4s. 9ti%|S L & S F fg Is. 82%
CM it SP gn 4s.lf9 |St Louis S\V lsts. 1*4%
C t NW con 7f.l2*'» I Seaboard A L 4s. 60
C. R I & Pac 4s. 09 j So Paclflc 4s a;»i
Do col 5« 7»%|S,> Railway Os 117 Vk
C.C.C & SLgn 4». UOVxiTex & Pac lRts..ll8
Chi Term 4s 75'«iT. St L & W 4a. 70%
Cons Tobacco 4s. 62 j L'nlon Pacific 4s..U5,n
Colo ic So 4s.... s;:"i: Do conv 4s ji'Mii
C F &¦ I con 6s. 69 ; I" H Steel 2d 5x.. 73 '.i
Den A. Rio G 4s. 100*4! Wabash lsts 117
Erie prior Urn 4s. »»%| Do deb B 5914
Do gen 4s fcti \V & L Erie 4s... 5)0%
F W & D C lsts. 104 Uls Central 4s... 01%
Hock Val 4%s...lO9%
' NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con- 2<>; Ontario 3 r.O
Alice ...: 1'OiOphlr 3 40
Breece , lOIPhoenlx li
Com Tunnel OOllotosi Oft
Con Cal & Va,... 1 16" Savage - 13
Horn Silver 1 3U| Sierra Nev 34
Iron Silver 1 651 Small Hopes .... 15
Leadvllle Con ... 0-'i Standard 2 00
Little Chief 05|
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— IU S Steel fl%
Call loans 2fi3%l Da pfd 65%
Time loans 8®4 Westing Common. 78
Bonds— / Mining—
AtchUon 4s 101 Adventure 1«
Do adj 4s 91% Allouez 6%
J*'- Central 4s... 61 Amal Copper .... 80
Railroads— |Amer Zinc »%
Atchison 72%| Atlantic 8
Do pfd 4)5 IBingham 31%
Boston &. Albany. 240 Iralumet * Hccla.435
Booton & Maine.. l«3%|Centennlal 19"*
Bo-ton Elev 160 Copper Range ... 43%
Fitchburg pfd 135 Daly West Jiai,*
Mex Central 7*4 Dom Ccal 52
N Y. N H & H..18G Franklin 7
Pete Marquette... 74 Grancy 3
Union Pacific ... 85% Isle Royale 7%
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining .... 4
Amer Arge Chem. lmiMlchlgan 3<;
Do pfd 73 v I Mohawk 41%
Amer Pneu Tube. 4 | Mont Coal & Coke 4
Amer Sugar . .. .12C%|oid Dominion ... 13 .
Do pfd 127 |O*ceola "*!
Amer Tel & Tel. 130 m Parrot 25%
Amer Woolen ... H>%IQulncy 81
Do pfd 70 (Shannon ..» 5%
i Dom Iron & S... 7%|Tamarack BO
VA Elect Ilium.. .234 ITrlnlty 3%
Gen Electric 160%! U 8 Mining 20%
M»«s Electric 18 V B Oil... 10
Do pfd 70% Utah 38%
Mans Gas 39% Victoria 2 .
United Fruit 104%IWinona 5%
Un Shoe Macb... 49 Wolverine 72
Do pfd 20%!
Londpn Closing Stocks.
' !
Cons money.... 00 3-1C N Y Central '.110 '
Do acct ....00 6-16 Nor & Western... 57>4
Anaconda •"% Do pfd 80
Atchleon 74 Ont & Western... 20%
Do pfd 97% Pennsylvania .... 60V,
Bal & Ohio 82% Rand Mines 10%
Can Pacific 123>4 Reading 24>£
Ches A Ohio 31% Do 1st pfd 41
Chi Great West.. 14 Do 2d pfd 33 1
CM Mil &'8t P. 147 So Railway ..... 21%
De Beers 10% Do pfd ;....».. 8T
Den & Rio G.... 20% Bo Pacific 47%
Do pfd 72 Union Pacific .... 8!)% ;
Erie 24*4 Do pfd 04%
Do l«t pfd »9 US Steel fl%
Do 2d pfd 3* . Do pfd 57
111 Central ..!...112% Wabash 17
Louis & Nash.. ..112% Do pfd 36%
M. K A, Texas... 17 (Spanish 4s S7 1
I3ar ellvor— Firmer, 25 11-lCd per ounce, "
• Money— l%«ijl% per cent.
. The rato of discount In the open market for !
oh.irt bills Is 2% per cent and for three months'
bills 2 1-1602% per" cent.
•;X Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, June 21.— To-day's state!'
ment of the treasury balance shows available
cash balance. $163.004.847; gold, $63,854,649. j
{ New York Cotton Market.'
NEW TORK, • June 21.— Futures opened
w«ak. July, 10.45c; August, 10.15c; Septem
ber, 0.52c; October, 6.30c; December, 0.80c;
January, 0.39c.
Cotton futures closed barely steady. July, ¦
I0.37c; August. "10.27c; September, 0.57c; Qc- !
tober, 9.44o; November-December, 0.41c; Jan
uary, 0.46c.
Spot cotton closed quiet, 15 points lower.
Middling uplands, 11.10c; middling 'Gulf,
ll.S5c. Sales, 453. bales. ' •'-.-.•*: !
NEW YORK, June 21. — The cotton market
closed barely steady; 11623 points net lower
on the old crop, while the ¦ new crop was 11
point? lower to 3 points higher, the gains be
ing on the later positions.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. .June 21.— FLOUR— Receipts,
21.000 barrels; exports. 7800 barrels. Market
etody. with light business.
WHEAT— Exports. 10,000 bushels. Spot
market' steady. ' No. 2 red. nominal elevator
and $1 07 V> f- o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Du
luth, f 1 01H t. o. b. afloat. Options opened
higher and for a brief time were firm on bet
ter cables and a little foreign buying. Then
they weakened under bearish crop news, clos
ing %e net low»r. July, 8S%c to 89%c. closed
at 89 0-ltic; September. 83?i<g-S4',ic closed at
84%c; December, 84684V4C. closed at 84%c.
HOPS— Steady.
COFFEE — The market for coffee futures
opened steady at a decline of 10 points under
very moderate liquidation and in sympathy
with disappointing European cables. Later im
proved somewhat in tone on demand from
Wall . street and Europe, based ¦ on continued |
moderate primary receipts and bullish crop
advices. The/e - seemed to be comparatively
little coffee offering at the market and as
buyers were slow to advance their bills prices
nhowed but small movements and the market
was finally quiet at a. net decline of 5@I0
points. Sales were reported of 23,000 bags, In
cluding: October, 6.20c: December, o.35#tf.45c;
March, 6.70c; May, «.85@fl.00c.
BUTTER — Firm. Creamery, common to ex
tra. 13fil8c; State dairy, common to extra, 13
©17c. T
CHEESE — Steady.
EGGS — Western extras, 17%@>18c; firsts, 16%
¦@17c.
WOOL— Steady.
SUGAR — Raw firm; refined, sjeady.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market shows
no change. Sales are reported of prime for
October. November and December delivery at
about $5 20 per 100 pounds, but spot supplies
ehow little movement, with prices steady.
Common. 4£f".'/ 1 c; prime, 5%@5"ic; choice, K0
«%c; fancy, 7c. .
PIUINES — Steady, quotations ranging from
2*4 c to r>y t c. aiVorJlng to grade. ' ¦•-•
APRK'OTS — Show no change, remaining
firm, with choice iCjiglOc; extra choice, lO^i®
10**6; fancy, 'llSl.'ic.
PEACHES— Quiet, but firm. Choice, 7S7V»c;
extra choice. 7%trSe; fancy, 0%@10c.
Nczv York Metal Market. #
NEW YORK, June 21. — London cabled an
other moderate decline in the price of tin. with
spot closing at £110 12s Ud and futures at
£112 2s 6d. Locally tin was easy, closing at
$2T. 87% #20 50.
Copper — Lower In London at £56 5s lOd for
s?ot and at £54 7s Od for futures. Locally
the market is holding steady, with a fair de
mand reported for export. Lake is quoted at
$12 K2%#12 75: electrolytic, $12 56®12 62 %,
and casting at $12 12%«12 25.
Lead was quiet at $4 2O©4 30 in the local
market, while In London it gained somewhat,
closing at £11 10s.
Spalter is unchanged at $4 75@4 87% In New
York and at £-'1, 11s in London.
Iron eloped at Sin 3d In Glasgow and at 42s
7%d in Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron is quiet:
No. 1 foundry Northern, $14 50® 15; No. ¦ 2
foundry Northern; $14 25; No. • 1 foundry
Southern and No. 1 foundry Southern soft,
$1.1 75.
Pig iron warrants, weak at $9.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, June 21.— The visible supply,
of grain Saturday, June 18. as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange, Is as follows:
Wheat, l«,343.riOO bushels, decrease 2.132.00O
bushels: corn, $5,123,000 bushels, increase 485,
000 bushels: oats, 4,!»:<7.ihxi bushels: decrease
441,000 bushels; rye, S79.00O bushels; decrease
0000 bushels; barley, 1.12U.000 bushels, de
crease 327,000 bushels. .
Special cable and telegraphic communications
received by Bradstreet's show the following
changes in available* supplies, as compared
with last account:
Wheat — United Mates and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease. ' 2.207 ,tKX> bushels; afloat
for and in Europe, decrease, 800. OCO bushel*;
total supply, decrease. 3.0»7.000 bushels.
Corn — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, Increase, 408,000 bushels.
Oats — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease. 154,000 bushels. ;
KANSAS CITY, Mo., June 21.— CATTLE —
Receipts, 8000; steady; native steers. $4 "ofl
6 40; cows and heifers, $2585 40; stockers and
feeders, $3«T4 70; bulls. »2 30@4 25; Western
steers, .$4 25®6; Western cows,, 1234 25.
HOGS — Receipts". 10,000; 5©10c higher: bulk.
*5@5 15: heavy. $5 15®5 20; packers, $5@5 15;
pigs and light, $4 25fr.*. 05.
SHEEP— Receipts, rtOOO; steady; muttons,
$4 ftflff?5 05: lambs, S.VSG 80; range wethers,
K4 25® 5: ewes, $3 5O<7?4 50.
Kansas City.
SHEEP — Receipts. SOOO; slow, . 10c lower:
Western yearlings. $4 65*85 15; wethers, $4 60
@5 15; ewes, $4g4 85; common and stockers,
|3@5; Iambs, $3 50^6 85. ¦ >
OMAHA. Nebr., June 21. — CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 4700; strong. 10c lower; native steers,
$4 50®8 20; cows and heifers. $3 25?r4 75:
canners, $1 7593; stackers and feeders, $2 50®
4 15; calves, $2 6O@5 25; bulls. $2 50@46O.
HOGS — Receipts. 12,000; market 6c higher;
heavy. »5 lo©3 15: mixed. $5©5 10; light.
$1 n.V<i|T> 10; pigs, $43 4 75; bulk. of sales. $.V<i
5 10.
Omaha.
fair to choice mixed, $4@4 75; Western iheep,
$4 50&H; native lambs, clipped, $5@« 70;
Western lambs, $607; spring lambs, $5<&7 75.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY/ JUNE- 22, 1904:
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
Chicago Board of Trade.
AUCTION SALES
• JttA* /rrl
AUCTION sale at ARCADE HORSE MAR-
KET 327 SIXTH ST.. WEDNESDAY. June
22. at 11 a. m. I will sell a lot of good
horses and harness. JOHN J. DOYLE, Auc-
tioneer^ ¦ ._¦Reliable gas ranges $16 GO. regular
price $20, .this week only at S. F. Gas
A Electric ¦ Co M .415 Po3t st, .•••?_
J. Callaghy and Harry M. Breen.
worWIng on the United States cruiser
Dakota lying at the Union Iron Works,
fell from a scaffolding twenty feet
into the ship's hold, sustaining slight
injuries, which were treated * by Dr
Buell at the Potrero Hospital.
Burnett's Extract of Vanilla Impart.
a «uperior delicacy, or flavor, try. it. usa lu •
Injured on the- Dakota.
Percy R. Harrison, a school teacher,
who lives in Sausalito, secured a war
rant " from Police Judge Mogan yes
terday for the arrest of Charles H.
Scanlan.on a charge of misdemeanor
embezzlement. Harrison says he met
Scanlan some days ago, Scanlan rep
resenting himself as a real estate
agent. They became quite friendly
and Harrison loaned Scanlan his gold
watch, valued at $50, so that Scanlan
might impress some : of his friends
with his standing in the community.
When Harrison asked for the return
of his timepiece Scanlan professed to
have it In the safe of a "friend and as
far as Harrison knows it is still there.
Wants His Timepiece Back.
F. HUdebrandt, grocer, 500 Fell
street, secured a warrant yesterday for
the arrest of W. Bailey on a charge of
forgery. Bailey had been frequent
ing Hildebrandt's grocery for a few
nights and on Monday night he asked
the grocer to cash a check for him
for $14 65 on the Crocker- Woolworth
Bank purporting to be signed by J.
Rowlins and indorsed by Bailey. The
check was cashed and when presented
at the bank was marked as worth
less, r
Accused of Forgery.
Mary Handles, a Mexican woman,
tried to hang herself with a clothes
line yesterday afternoon in her home
at 1359 Filbert street. The attempt
was frustrated by the timely arrival
of the woman's husband, who sur
prised her in the act just as she had
placed the rope around her neck, the
other end being fastened to a hook in
the wall. She was removed to the De
tentibn Hospital at the City Hall,
where she was placed " under the
watchful eye of Matron Miss Nellie
Wynn. She will be examined to-day
by Dr. McGettlgan touching her
sanity.
Tried to Hang Herself.
Having failed to agree when mar
ried, it is not startling that Tahoe D.
Wright and Chester F. Wright, who
were divorced March 25, cannot agree
now. It is because of their non-agree
ment as to a division of community
property that she yesterday sued in
the Superior Court to get her share.
Divorces were granted yesterday by
Judge Murasky to Etta Gray from
Henry H. Gray, on the ground of deser
tion; by Judge ; Sloss to Leona F.
Schulz from George F. Schulz, cruelty;
by Judge Graham to Carrie Keyser
from Klias Keyser, willful desertion;
by Judge Kerrigan to Octavie Perro
chetfrom Charles Perrochet, desertion
and neglect; to Edna F. Llnde from
Harry B. Linde, desertion and failure
to provide.
Complaints for divorce were filed by
Edward Walton against Wilhelmina
Walton, desertion: Samuel R. Leon
against Sofie Leon, desertion; Leonie
Weber against Albert Weber, cruelty
(she says he threatened to kill her);
Nellie J. Davidson against William W.
Davidson, failure to provide: Ger
trude M. Sargent against Arthur T.
Sargent, ' desertion. In the Nellie
Davidson case she says they were
married at Petaluma in 1879 and that
he has an Income of from $100 to $300
a month.
Fourth of July. 1903, was a red let
ter day in the life of Merna M. Nathan
in that it marked the climax of the
various acts of brutality committed by
her husband, according to the allega
tions in a complaint for divorce filed
yesterday. She recites that he as
saulted her in divers ways and upon
various occasions, but upon the
Fourth of July he "jumped upon her
with his booted feet." They were
married at Oakland in December,
1897. She asks the court to restore
her maiden name. Merna M. Whitte
more.
Mrs. Merna Nathan, in Suit for Di
vorce, Details Husband's Fourth >
of July Cruelty.
SAYS HUSBA>T> JC3IPED tTPOX
HER WITH HIS BOOTED FEET
Killed by a Passenger Engine.
Martin Jackson, who lived at 873
Mission street, was killed at the cross
ing of Seventh and Townsend streets.
yesterday forenoon. He waa walk
ing on the track when the*
engine, which waa in charge of
Clark D. Gillispie, was backing down*
to connect with a switch. The flagman
notified the man of his danger, but
instead of getting clear he became
dazed, was knocked down and pushed
along the track for some distance.
When freed from the engine he was
sent to the Emergency Hospital,
¦where he died on the operating table.
Most of the bones of his body were
crushed out of place by the contact.
1 "Upon subjecting the several beers to
a careful analysis I nnd that the 'Bud
¦weiser Beer.' submitted by the Anheu
ser-Busch Brewing Ass'n. St..Louis, U. S.
A., is very similar, in all its character
istics, to the finest and best Pllsener
beers. It is effervescent, clear and
sparkling, has a beautiful creamy foam
and is possessed of a pure, wholesome
taste and an exquisite hop flavor. Its
keeping qualities by far exceed those of
the Pilsener beers, resulting from the
use of the very best materials in brew
ing, and the thorough maturity of the
product. The analysis further shows
that no. acids or other preservatives have
been used in its production, and as a re
sult of my examination I pronounce
'Budweiser* a well -matured bottled beer
of the highest quality."
This acknowledgment, coming as it
does from the recognized headquarters
of the brewing 1 industry of the old world,
must be a great source of gratification
and in a measure a compensation to the
Anheuser-Busch people for their unceas
ing efforts to produce the finest beer that
can be made. • •
Prof. Dr.. Lintner, Director of the "Sci
entific Station for the Brewing Industry
of Bavaria at Munich," upon analyzing
"Pilsner Urquell," the beers of the
"Buer&erliches Brauhaus" of Pilsen, Bo
hemia, ! and "Anheuser-Busch's Budwei
ser," under date of May 17, 1004, makes
the following statement sworn to before
Dr. Pundter, Royal Notary, and verified
by Hon. James H. Worman, U. S. Consul
General at Munich, Bavaria:
Scores Another Great Victory In Ger
many.
AX AMERICAN PRODUCT
BANKRUPT L1VERTMAN.-9. A. "Wood
ruff, a liveryman of Stockton, filed a petition
In the United States court yesterday asking
that he be declared a bankrupt. Ills liabilities
amount to $2159 64. with no assets.
Lizzie Flammera, a young Italian
woman, stood upon~the porch-balcony
of 210% Washington street and scream
ed for aid while Guinardo Transachi,
swart and sturdy, tore her shirt waist
to ribbons in efforts to pull her into
the house. Patrolman Van Kuren heard
Lizzie's cries and arrested bath her
and Guinardo for disturbing the peace.
Lizzie wore a blue silken veil as she
testified before Judge Mogan and when
she removed this, at his Honor's re
quest, a swollen and blackened right
eye was disclosed. The bruise was in
flicted by the fist of Guinardo, she
said, the only provocation fur the blow
being her refusal to comply with his
demand that she leave her face un
powdered when she started to walk
abroad. She had never applied much
facial decoration, she averred, and
would have used none at all if her nose
were not particularly susceptible to
sunburn, which made it red and shiny.
Guinardo told a different tale. Be
fore going- out of the house, he de
clared, Lizzie powdered her entire vis
age until it looked as if she had taken
a header into a barrel of flour, and
when he protested she scoffed at him.
In his endeavor to restrain her from
venturing abroad with such a com
plexion he might have blackened her
eye, but the damage was not inflicted
maliciously.
The Judge had fairly started to de
liver a homily upon the beauties of
conjugal felicity, when Guinardo
startled the attorneys' table and shock
ed Bailiff Hickey by remarking that
Lizzie was not a wife.
"If that is the case," said his Honor,
"you must either marry the woman or
go to Jail for assaulting her. I'll give
you till to-morrow to think it over and
would strongly suggest that you accept
the hymeneal alternative."
Guinardo promised right there and
then to lead Lizzie to the altar as soon
as the necessary legal preliminaries
could be arranged and the Judge as
sured him that the Mogan matrimonial
bureau would be open for business at
high noon to-day.
• • •
Judge Fritz heard some teslmony in
the case of Dr. E. Schmoll, accused of
practicing medicine without a license,
and will hear more of it to-day. The
defendant said his failure to procure
a license was due to the fact that since
his arrival in California the State
Board of Medical Examiners has not
foregathered to do business. He also
hinted that Dr. Dudley Tait, president
of the board, had said something to him
which he had interpreted to mean that
by paying 520 he could obtain immun
ity from prosecution. Dr. Tait ac
knowledged that the sum of 520 had
been mentioned by him In a conversa
tion with the defendant, but he had
alluded to It as bail, not as bribery.
Dr. Cheney and Dr. Gibbon declared
Dr. Schmoll eminently fitted by educa
tion and experience to practice medi
cine in California or anywhere else,
and added that they regarded him as
the world's most reliable authority on
gout. Deputy Health Officer Louis
Levy, Nurse Carrie Newman of the
City and County Hospital and Drs.
Zumwalt and Thorn agreed that aa
the defendant was without a license to
practice in California he was legally
incompetent to practice in California,
despite his professional reputation and
ability
David Keating was in Judge Con
lan's court on the charge of battery,
and as Bailiff Laws was removing him
from the cage to the dock he suddenly
grasped that sturdy officer around the
body, pinning his arms to his sides, and
attempted to throw him over the rail.
It is doubtful that he could have ac
complished the task even If several
policemen had not instantly rushed to
Laws' rescue. The man was so ap
parently demented that the Judge or
dered his removal and examination by
the lunacy commissioners.
"Dr." Samuel Walts, the colored! chir
opodist, who was charged with obtain
ing $10 by false pretense from Letizla
Belzier, a French governess, was found
guilty by Judge Mogan and ordered to
appear to-day for sentence.
The defendant did not deny obtain
ing the money by representing to the
woman that ho had a "cinch" on a
horse race, but he did deny having will
fully defrauded her. " 'Twuz a race at
Petaluma, yo* honnah." the "doctor"
explained, "an* William Beef, a coi
lahed gemman, tole me dat his hoss,
Crescela, a long shot in de bettin",
would win it nan' runnin'. Dat's wot I
tole dat yah gal, an' dat's how she kim
ter gimme de money ter Invest.
'T'wahnt my fault dat Crescela didn't
win, or eben show."
"What about the -statement of Mrs.
Cook of San Rafael, who also accuses
you of having obtained money by false
ly representing that you had a 'dead
sure thing?' " inquired the Judge.
"De lady am mistaken— dat wuz a
case ob chiropody," was the answer.
B. Vanhuzen lost his Job as teamster
for a lumber firm and was fined $50 by
Judge Conlan as. the result of his cruel
treatment of a horse. Humane Officer
Hooper, who made the arrest, testified
that while riding on a Twenty-second
street car he saw Vanhuzen flrBt kick
the horse brutally and then belabor It
with a thick scantling, while the animal
was vainly trying to move a heavy
load.
* • •
Judge Mogan haa the case of Teresa
Devencenzl, a middle-aged matron,
charged with having assaulted 16-year
old Pearl Vlsker last Sunday at Val
lejo and Pearl streets. Pearl and a
young daughter of the defendant had a
fight, in which the latter got the worst
of the exchange, and then the mother
struck Pearl on the face, knocking her
down, and kicked her and hammered
"her head against a lampost. The case
has gone over for a week, as the com
plainant's injuries prevent her appear
ance in court.
A charge of drunkenness against R.
M. Speakman, a poolroom attadhe. was
dismissed after he had called Judge Mo
gan's attention to the bruised condition
of one of his eyes and told how the
damage was inflicted. He is the hus
band of "Anne Speakman, who is under
$500 bail to answer for assault with a
deadly weapon upon Mrs. Clara L#e
fevre about a month ago in the home of
Mrs. Speakman's father. Adolph Beth.
The women fought a duel, Mrs. Speak
man's weapon being a carving knife,
Mrs. Lefevre's a pair of scissors. The
cause of the quarrel was Mrs. Speak
man's objection to her father marrying
Mrs. Lefevre, who was h!s housekeeper.
Speakman told Judge Mogan yesterday
that his eye was blackened by Beth,
who was angry because the Speakmans
would not consent to a settlement of
the case out of court. Mrs. Speakman's
case will be called to-morrow morning.
"Remember That Once You Ixrved
Her and Do Not Turn Her Adrift" was
a song that reached the hearts of every
one in the crowded Broadway vaude
ville theater with the exception of Gene
Nicolini and Joe Bacigalupi from whom
it wrung only cat-cries and other ex
pressions of derision. Untouched by
the sentiment, heedless of the artistic
Insurance Company Loses.
The jury in Judge Kerrigan's court,
which has been listening for several
days to the evidence and arguments
in the case of John Miller against the
Royal Exchange Assurance Company;
yesterday returned a verdict for the
plaintiff for $1500 and 7 per cent in
terest, the full amount sued for. Mil
ler sued to recover $1500 on a fire
policy for property burned. The com
pany resisted payment on the ground
that the policy provided that he
should take not more than $1500 con
current insurance in another com
pany, whereas he took $2000. Miller
contended that he notified the com
pany of what he had done and that its
rights were waived.
Book Agent Dies.
D. J. Dingman, aged 67. residing at
'417 Mason street and employed as a
book agent by the * Tandy- Wheeler
Publishing Company, started on the
Piedmont yesterday afternoon for
Oakland, but just as the steamer left
the slip Dingman was atacked with a
severe hemorrhage. Realizing that
the man was in a serious condition,
Captain Leale had the engines re
versed and the dying man hurried to
the Harbor Hospital, but he was dead
before the hospital was reached.
Dingman was a member of the Ma
sonic order and is said to have a son
somewhere in the city. The Masonic
Relief Society was notified and will
take charge of the remains.
While a jury was being impaneled
in Judge Dunne's court yesterday to
try the case of E. "W. Hesse, charged
with passing a fictitious check, Hesse
said he would plead guilty to both
charges. He will be sentenced on
June 29. He passed a worthless check
for $35 on a saloon-keeper at 530 Mer
chant street on November 21 and an
other for $27 on a saloon-keeper at
343 East street on December 1. Hesse
was at one time a prominent member
of an opera company.
Hesse Pleads Guilty.
TIERNEY FALLS FROM ROOF.— John
Tlerney. a shlnrler. yesterday fell from the
roof of a house at Eighteenth avenue and Ful
ton 6treet. He fractured both bones of nig
lelt leg. He wag treated at the Park Hospital
AT»M"» Excursions Season 1904.
Ler.d of the Midnight Bun, Glaciers
tr3 a thousand islands en route. Inside
passage. Seasickness unknown. 1 The
palatial excursion steamer Spokane will
leave Seattle 9 a. in. June 21. July 6, 19.
\Axig. 2, 16. For information apply to
Pacific Coast S. S. Co.'s Ticket Offices. 4
New Montgomery st. (Palace Hotel) and
10 Market 6t C. D. Dunann, Gen. Pas
eenger Agent. Ban Francisco. •
BONT5 IS EXCESSIVE.— Cl*ra McG. White
3>eaten!ay petitioned the Superior Court to re
duee the bond of $155,000 required of her as
B&alsistratrix of the estate of Alice McGary.
6he complains that the bond is excessive and
nays the estate consirtg of 760 shares in the
JMward McGary Estate Company, rained at
#7S,000.
Just before adjournment Herman Ep
pinger was placed on the stand, but
taking the cue from the attorneys for
his brother he declined to answer any
questions. He would not admit, that he
was president of the Pacific Coast
Warehouse Company, nor would he tell
whether or no he knew of the present
location of the books of that concern.
The case goes on to-day.
The witness further testified that he
had been offered the $100 check, but was
never Informed what work would be
required of him to earn the $100 a
month. He also said he had been
threatened with Arrest for conspiracy
and told he had better give up the
book.
While the witness could give no defi
nite figures regarding conditions in the
warehouse without referring to the
book, which he lost in his own house,
he was certain that at the time of the
failure there was not as much grain
there as the papers called for.
"By Sheriff Veale of Contra Costa
County in the office' of Attorney Camp
bell," the witness replied, "I was of
fered $100 for the book and a salary of
$100 a month while the case was going
on."
Attorney Ach, cross-examining the
witness, asked: "Have you ever been
offered any money for that book, by
¦whom, how much and In whose pres
ence?"
ALLEGED OFFER OF CASn.
Attorney Campbell then pointedly
asked the witness: "Did you not, in my
office, tell me that you had a book in
your pocket which would show what
grain was in the warehouse?"
" The question was objected to, the ob
jection sustained and the defense then
took its turn. '
The witness next told of the nature
of the books kept at the Crockett ware
house and of their disposition. He
swore that with Edwin Freund he had
prepared the books for shipment from
the warehouse.
"Under whose direction was this
done?"
"That of Eppinger & Co."
"Who of the firm gave you the direc
tion?"
"I am not sure; I think it was
Josua Eppinger."
"Was the failure of the flrrn spoken
of to you at that time?"
"I was told that the firm was going
out of business and that the books
should be shipped to. San Francisco."
At this point the memory of the wit
ness seemed to fail him. He knew that
a number of books had been packed,
but could not tell Just what books were
shipped and what were left at the
warehouse. According to hl3 statement
the books were taken up indiscrim
inately, although by some freak of
chance the verv ones wanted by the
prosecution were among those shipped.
His instructions regarding the destina
tion of the books were equally indefi
nite, he testified, saying:
"I was told to ship the books to San
Francisco, but received no address, so I
sent them to my father's house. Later
I met Josua Eppinger on the street
and told him where. the books were. On
the Monday or Tuesday following the
failure they were taken away by a
teamster, accompanied by Josua Ep
pinger."
Regarding the manner in which the
packages were shipped, the witness
said they had simply been addressed,
"E. & Co.. S. F.," and the marking
had been done by the bookkeeper.
The next question was the beginning
of a series, the answers to which
showed that the witness has either a
very poor or a very convenient mem
ory. Interrogated regarding the rec
ords kept of grain going In and out
of the warehouse, he said that as su
perintendent he had kept a memoran
dum book showing the amounts on
hand at various times. This book he
loft in his house, but had forgotten
where he put it.
"Who told you to forget?" asked Dis
trict Attorney Byington.
The question was objected to as im
proper and ruled out.
ORDER OP SHIPMENT.
The sensation of the day occurred j
when, on cross-examination, the wit- !
ness declared that he had been offered
money in Attorney Campbell's office
for the book containing the records of
the receipts and shipments of grain in
the warehouse. \
The greater portion of' the morning
session was taken up in arguments re
garding the admissibility of secondary I
evidence. The former bookkeepers at !
the Crockett warehouse and in the local I
office were placed on the stand and
questioned regarding the methods of
handling grain. After this Deming was
called as a'witness for the prosecution.
In answer to an interrogation as to
who had employed him Deming said he j
did not know, and the reading of an j
affidavit by Attorney Campbell, In
which Deming had stated that Jacob
Eppinger had employed him, did not
serve to refresh the memory of the wit
ness.
"Who paid your salary?" was asked.
"Eppinger & Co.," was the response. I
James Deming, formerly superintend
ent for the Pacific Coast Warehouse
Company, gave some sensational testi
mony in the Eppinger case yesterday
afternoon. On cross-examination he
practically, asserted that an attempt
had been made to win him over to the
side of the prosecution by the offer of
$100 in cash and a salary of $100 a
month until the trial was concluded.
In his direct- testimony Deming swore
that for about nine years he had been
superintendent of the Pacific Coast
Warehouse at Crockett, but did not
know who had employed him. He was
satisfied that it was through the firm
ofEppinger & Co., but could not make
any positive statement.* He did know
on June 5 that the firm was about to
suspend, and helped to conceal the
books.
Declares He Was Instructed
to Ship Books When Firm
Was About to Suspend
HIS MEM0KY IS P00K
Henry Bonn, an old soldier, was ar
rested on complaint of his wife and
daughter, who alleged threats to kill.
When the case was called in Judge Mo
gan's court there was no appearance
in person for the prosecution, but the
wife sent word that she would like to
have the defendant sent to jail for thir
ty days. His Honor declined to comply
with the long-distance suggestion, and
ordered the two women brought to
court to-day.
Charles Jackson insisted on closing
the door of an Ellis street car regard
less of the comfort of his fellow pas
sengers, and when. Conductor W. H.
Moore protested he was struck upon the
face by Jackson. The case will be
heard to-day by Judge Mogan.
• • •
vocal . execution and regardless of ths
pictorial accompaniment of each pa
thetic passage, the two scoffers kept
up their unseemly behavior until the
special officer of the establishment was
obliged further to disturb t;he stage
performance by attempting to arrest
them. He managed to bag Nicolini,
but Bacigalupi escaped. Judge Mogan
is holding Nicolini until Bacigalupi is
captured.
James Deming Hints That
Prosecution in Eppinger
Case Tried to Bribe Him
SAYS COIN WAS
OFFERED HIM
OBJECTS TO WOMAN POWDERING
FACE AND WEDDING MAY RESULT
Guinardo Transachi and L'zzie Flammers
May Be United by Mogan's Matrimonial
Bureau as an Outcome of Their Arrest
THE SAN FRANGISGO -CALt:, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 22, 1904
16
ADVEB.TISEMEMTS.
San Francisco. Wednesday. 22 JuneT 1004. I
Velvets from three
\ famous mills, $1.15
(The week which ended last Saturday concluded
the greatest six days' business in the history of
our Carpet Store.
j It did not surprise us. Prices such as we are
now making on the best— the STANDARD— car-
petings of the world, cannot fail to bring us THE
business of San Francisco.
These three price straws show the way the wind
blows:
Sanford, Smith and Stinson velvet carpets, $1.15 *
the yard, sewed, lined and laid.
Smith's F quality Tapestry Brussels carpeting,
59 cents the yard, sewed, lined and laid.
Smith's best grade Axminster rugs, 9 by 12
feet, $17.90-
The most competent salesmen, cutters and layers
that can possibly be secured, and our well-known
"money back if not satisfied" guarantee behind
every sale we make.
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
261 to 281 Geary St., at Union Square
»
1 . AD VEBTISE2CENTS.
We are offering a number of standard make Pianos
returned from rent — at these conspicuously low
prices they are remarkable values.
$4O- 00
C|/ jPV/andup
STEINWAY —Rosewood case, full size; ex-
.,-_ cellcnt condition.
VOSE —Walnut case, beautiful bronze
CURTAZ —Mahogany case; "used one
year.
PEASE —Beautiful walnut case, me-
_- dium size; a real bargain.
KROEQER —Medium size, exquisite fig-
|k ured mahosrany case.
HAINES —The old original, elegant ma-
hogany case.
MARSHALL & WENDELL |ga»g^^g »|
NEWA1AN —Good condition; well worth
the money;
DEWING BROS. ~~diti6n zlnutc * sc: p " fcct con "
ERARD ~tic" cat 1UtIc upright for pr * c "
There are m^ny others SOME AS LOW AS $15.00.
none higher than $250.00. ¦ . ?
Be * CURTAZ * 8 » '
CHICKERINC ACENCY
16 O'FARRELL STREET = Open Saturday Nights
• Pianos, Musical Instruments. Sheet Music
ASVERTZSEHENTSb
FOUR EXTRAORDINARY VALUES.
A /FANCY REDFERN TWEEDS, 54 Inches
6 wile, silk and wool, m Mix?! Grays,
C fij< Browns and Blues, medium light
jrj weight, suitable for summer wear,
y V were manufacture! to sell Top Si. 50 ud.
/LONDON TWINE CLOTH, 50 Inches wide.
_ These are in solid colors am check
St. A (]() s effects, are In shades of Roual Brown,
*y 1 • vv/ Nairn, Garnet and Tan, rormerlg sold
¦ yard V fop$i.5Ouard.
At /46-INCH MiSTRAL ETAMINES, In check
<|J A (\(\ I effects, all solid colors. We have th?m
$1 •Ul/| in three shales Navu and Seal; hay?
X yard v alwaus heen sold for $1.50 uard.
At f37-INCH PLAIN ETAMINE, all pure wool,
Qt^pl m Navus, New Blus, Tans, Garnel
/4j^\j I and Golden Brown, regular price 50c
KJ KJ yd. V uard.
WRITE FOR SAMPLES OF ABOVE GOODS.
Chalys. Remnants.
Our entire stock of 350 Skirt Lengths and
PRINT E V D FRENCH Dress Patterns of COLORED
CHALYS, Yeru hest aualltu AND BLACK DRESS GOODS,
and all this season's impop- marked at ahout ONE-
tatlon. Reduced to 50c yd. HALF FORMER PRICES.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STEEET.
MARKS BROS.
DOUBLE
VALUE DAY
\M^' 4 VVA AS 7"
Here'a a strikingly SMART SHIRT
WAIST In figured and CHECKED DE-
SIGNS— Broad BHOUI^DEn EFFECT—
FULL. GRACEFUL POUCH — BLACK
PIPING rtihance* the STYL.B and BEAU-
TY of thlslehlc WAIST— SEVERAL GOOD
BECOMING STYLES to SELECT FROM.
I | *////£#
'I ! ! CtfASH '
SKIRT aa PICTURED is HAIJDSOirB:-
LT STYLED. Trimmed with STITCHED
BANDS of LINEN. CORRECT HANO-
INO and PERFECT FLARING.
Aim '*!%* A*
: Nfc* **• *****][* v\
Hsre's an attractive LAWN KIMONO
In RICH.' DAINTY" FIGURES. STRIPES
and FLORAL -EFFECTS. WIDE BOR-
DER OF LAWN, GRACEFUL KIMONO
SLEEVES.
20c Children's Hose 10c
CHILDREN'S BICYCLE Ribbed VACA-
TION HOSE, with double HEEL. TOE3
and KNEE. The kind that wears like
IRON.
wARKs&nm
"The Home of Honest Values,"
1220-1222-1224 Market. St.
AP V.tUtX I » r, nTKNTa.
A $9 Trunk for $6
It's one of our special offers
for exposition and vacation
travel. If you need a trunk,
bag or dress suit case, see our
line before you make your
purchase..
A. B. SMITH CO.
128 Ellis Street, AboyePowell.
If Painless Fillings 25c il
|a Painless Crowns $3 50 H
H Pull Set of Teeth $400 |j
I "VANVROOM" i'l
p! Sixth and Market i
CASTOR! A
fox Infanta and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bonglii
Bears the /^ x/O .JT"
Signature of C^ca^^7i&224^
DDTTOIIPC von barbers, ra-
BRUSHES stf^ffifrJg
br«wer», bookbtnder*. candy makers. «»f*2-
Jyem. flour mllla. foundries. laundries. P*P"
hanitepm. printer., painter*. »hoe fi^
•UbluMn. tar-roofera. tanners, tallora. ««-
BxrcacAirAsr bbos* .
Bruji XaauXactnrexi. 309 Sacra»etf« ¦*