~: • The Legion ¦ came : out - t next morning
and pitched, camp in a woodland of oak
arid sugar "trees," where was to be voiced
a patriotic welcome by a "-greats editor,
a great orator, and young i. Crittenden.
.Before noon. . company - streets i.were
laid out arid lined with tents and, when
the first ' buggies ; and- rockaways began
to. roll In from the country, every boy-
: '-"Thinkyit over very carefully,- then
please—for. my sake." Her voice trexn
.bled, and, with a /pang. Crittenden
thought of the suffering she had known
from one, war. ,. Basil's way was. clear,
and he could never ask the. boy. to give
up to him because he was the elder.
Was it fair' to brave mother for him to
gq, too^-was it right?
"Yes, v mother;" he said, soberly.
suade him-lf he thinks -It Is his duty,"
she added, so solemnly that silence fell
upon the three, and with a smothered
"good Lawd,'-' at the door, Ben hurried
again into v the kitchen.
-. "Both them boys was a-goln' off, to
gt killed! an', ole Miss. Rachel not sayln'
one wjid to keep 'em back— not a wud."
After breakfast .the boy hurried. out
and, as Crlttanden rose, the mother,
w-ho pretended to" be arranging silver
at the old sideboard, spoke with her
back to him.' V
> \ "Think it over. son. / 1 can't see that
'you should -go, but if you : think you
ought,' I- shall have nothing to say.
Have you made up your mind?"
: Crittenden 'hesitated.
; "Not qujte." '• I •
In 'the center of the woodland was' a
big" auditorium, where the- speaking
was to take" place. After the orators
were done, there was to be a* regimental
review in the bluesrass pasture in front
of historic Ashland. It was .it the col
onel's tent, where Crittenden went to
pay his respects, that he found Judith
Page, and 'he stopped for a moment
under an oak. taking in the gay party
of women and officers who sat' and
stood about the entrance. In the center
of the group stood a lleutenan: in the'
blue of a regular and with the crossed
sabers of a cavalryman on his neck
band, and-the number "of his regiment.
-The girl was. talking to the gallant old
colonel with her back to Crittenden, but
he would: rave known -her had he seen
but an arm*; a shoulder, the poise of her
head, a' single pgesture-^a little, fuller,
perhaps, *!ut graceful, round and slen
der, as was the throat. The hair was a
trifle darker/ he thought, but brown
still, and as rich With gold as autumn
sunlight, r The • rkoflle was in outline
now— It was rhore*cleanly cut than ever.
The face was a little older, but still're
markably girlish' in spite of its maturer
strength; and as she turned "to answer
his look, he kept on unconsciously re
affirming to his memory the broad brow
and : deep! clear, eyes,.- even, while his
hand was reaching for the brim of his
hat. She showed only gracious surprise
soldier was brushed and burnished to
defy .the stare of inspection and to quite
dazzle* the eye of masculine envy"or
feminine admiration. . ".*-', '¦"
The train slackened speed and
stopped. There was his . horse—Rain
crow—and his buggy .waiting, for him
when he stepped from the platform;
and, as he went forward with his fish
ing tackle, a livery-stable boy sprang
out of the buggy .and went to • the
horse's head.
"Bob lef* yo* hoss In town las' night,
Mustuh Crittenden," he said. "Miss
Rachel said yestiddy she jes kntiwed
you was comin' home this mornlnY' :
Crittenden smiled — it w.as one of his
mother's premonitions; she seemed al
ways to know when he was corning
borne.
Now, it was daybreak ori the' edge_ of
the bluegrass r and. ljke a dark truth"
frora a white light, the ; tall letters
leaprd from the'. paper in his hand
war! There was a token in the very
dawn, a sword-like .fl-am'e"" flashing up
ward. The man In the tvhite House
had called for willing hands by the
thousands to wield it. and the Ken
tucky Legion, that hdd fought in Mex
ico, had Fpllt In twain to fight for. the
North" and for the South, and had come
shoulder to shoulder 'when, the breach
was closed— the legion of hls'own loved
State — waa the first body of volunteers
to reach for the hilt. Regulars were
gathering from the four winds to. an
old Southern battlefield. Already the
legion was on Its way to camp in the
Bluegrrass. His town was making ready
to welcome It, and among the names of
the ej>eakcrs who were to voice the
welcome he saw his own— Clay Crltten-
;. He had -been .in the-: baqitwoods' tot
more than f .a. montiiV pE't'ons.'ibiy. to ¦ fisii
and look at- coai". lands. :bju"t. .really, io
ret 'away. . for 'a. while, : :as]h{s custom
¦*&*, from liis V/Orse" se.lt, ito.'the/bettfer
self that, he -was when, he was ' in : ttifc
.motthtalns^aiohe.V ' As ! ..usual; • he' -had
.in" with bitterness .and, .as .-usua't
he ;..ha'i; set 'jriis face "homeward .^vith but
h»!lf :a heart for' the-' o|d^flight a^airjst
fate ihd hjinsi?jr.thit.t seehiejl. destined
klwas^'to' end- \n defeat:. '"; At 'dusk.', fie
heard tjie : wprd.'6f the outer; wjgrrid froth'
the . Hrs .of an old raQuritiineer! at the
foot Qf the'Cum'VeTJ'and— the fir^t hear : d,
*xteq% fro.m.-iivis "ijrdther.for ftill thirty
da>'?-r-and' . the . woind . I yak-^-wozv lie
irai.led;^nc'redjii;biisi^ al th^ old- -feilpw;'
.but;- Unconseiously! he pushie'ej his horise"
on/ a Uttle. .fasier- : : uj>. ; trie; inountaln.
pushed ' hfrnV -as :th<? :m<?ori. rose. '. aslant
fbe- btekBt. 0/ a' mlgbtr .hllji and. .wind
ing, at -a siajldp- about tSe: last 'down
ward 'tum. br (he snafty paihl ;went "at
full ;speed.,a;l6-h^sl<3e -the b'ig .gray; wall.
tfiat. above him': rose sheer a lho\isaha.
fe^tVana. straight ahead., broke wildly
aJid cru,mbi«'d ihtb.Kist^ric JGumberlarid
Gap.- ..From a. 1}UI6 kjioll hfe .saw. the
tin Way- • Ptattoii- ;in the Bhadpw of ;the.
wall,'; aiid,". bn one . ptohg ' of," .a :switch,
hia trajh'pantirif: laWiyj and,%w.lth X
l^Ufrh.v he - pulled his. Jipfee down to'. ; a'
walk an<}; then to . a' dead j stop^-his face
iraye.ag-.aln; arid .;.ujf>Iif!te'a.| ' Wheze his
eyes, rested and" piain" In the'; moonlight
vas.a rocky nat'h'wind'i'hg ".upward— the
.¦oid:.Wtlderriess~Tra.4I thatihe; Kentufekjr
pioneers fcad worh ¦ wi.th rjioccastneif.
feet'morfe than "a -centijiry; before, -tie
.had seen- If a '.hundred times ' before — '¦
mov.ea always; : "but it thrilled hfm nbv*
•4nd-"he rode orf slowly.- looking; up at
it.. •¦Ills' forefathers- had helped, blize.
that ireil..' Onj-one side! of that wall
they had fought savage and Briton for'
a :hPme .tthd- a ' country,, iand on .tjie
other' side' they had dome .if again*.'
¦Later, they had -fought .the- Mexican
and in time' t.hey:'.caroe to '<-. fight e*ach
other, for and against' ihe; nation .they,
had done .so much" to. :unbufld. . It wa*
even true that a : Crittenden. .had al
.ready given his' life for: the very cause;
that was so" tardily- thrilling' the nation
now! Thus it had always beeh .with his
people straight dow.n ' the: bloody" na
tional highway 'fronvYorfctown to Ap
pomattox,' and . if .there" tvas wari- . he
.thought proudly, as he cWung from his.
horse— thus it- wo'uld sow l>e' with' him." .
: . If there* was- war? . He had lain
awake in 'his berth a ; lopg. while, look
ing, out the window and pondering'. He.
had been . born .among the bleeding
memories of one war. • The. tales- of -his
nursery had been tales of "war. . j^rrd
though " there had been, t^lk of. war
through Xhe'land for' weeks b£fqre = he
left. home, it had no mo"re : eeemed pos-
Bible that in his lifetime ' could. • ctfrae
'another war than that !he should live
to see any other .myth of his childhood
come- true. . " -*"•.."•
.Day; Jbreakinf : on/ the edge, of ' the
BliitgTUB .and' bird* slilrin^ the daWn
la- 1 Ten. minutes swiftly; a.long the. sun
rise" and th* worja."^ is ; char?ge.d;'- ¦ f roto
Btrroui exaltation of .aimesj}her>s tb sai
mir of balm and peace ; : frpm.crim" h.ills
io. the* roliinr Bweep v of 6TJf'*n ;SloKes;
"flrom- a . hlrh mist of - : thin .; verdure- to
low wind-shalceri. • banner^ ; - of r young
!•»?••; - f rora • giant poplar .to tvhite\ aah
and , sugar- tre*r ; . : 'frcni f log:" "cabin . .to
iomesteiuls of • brick : arid* frbpi
woodthnu'h to meadow larkVrhododefi
dron to bluegrass; from niouritain to
lowland. Crittenden. was passing ' home.
Oprnrfct. :190*, >r Ch«:riee:'SciiJ>n?r'B' Bon's.
fall suddenly; until they were clasped
for '.an instant across her breast.:. But
she gave no sign that she had heard
at breakfast ari hour later, even when
the boy cleared his throat, and, after
many "futile efforts to bring the matter
up signaled across the : table to^ his
brother for help. ¦ ' ; • j '•« •
"Mother,' Basil there wants to go to
war. He says If he had a son who be
longed to a military . organization- In
time of peace and refused to go _with
it in time of war, that he'd rather ' see
him dead."- : " '
The mother's 1 lip quivered- when- she
answered, - but so- imperceptibly -that
only the older ; son' saw It. ' • • ,' '
"That' is "what his : father would ; have
said," she 6ald, quietly, and: Crittenden
knew she ; had ] already fought outHH'e
battle with . herself— alone. . .For : a ' mo
ment I the \. boy was stunned with - his
good : fortuhe^-"lt- was too I easy"— and
with- a, whoop he sprang from his place
and caught", his mother , around r..- the
neck, while Uncle Ben,, the" black but
ler, " shook ;¦ his ' head' and ¦ hurried Ijito
the kitchen for; cornbread and .to : tell
the j news. . /. ¦ : '. •¦:,-..¦-'. ;¦ : /.
"Qh, I tell -you It's great fun. tohaye
to l go . to ,war ! ... Mo th'er.'V. added j the boy,
with quick .mischief, "Clay .wants to
go too." .' -v' . ¦¦'¦.¦,•'/-.;,.', • : ': . ,,"".; : r . : ; ..:'.
Crittenden braced himself .and -looked
up with one quick .glance si dewise. at
his "mother's face.. It had not* changed
a llne.V':;-. -;.-•::¦.:: ¦' v.v.-?;,? .. ~ : j: "rjj;;^; .,;
i,."I heard all you said in the. hallway.
If a son of. mine; thinks. It. his -duty,' to
go, I shall never say one word toNlis-
Again the other walked to the! door
and- back again. Then he took the
scabbard and drew the. blade, to its
point as easily as though it ¦ had been
piled, thrust It back and hung it with
the. cap in its" place on the wall. ¦
"Perhaps neither of us will: need it,"
he sacid. "We'll both be. privates— that
Is, if I ; go— and I tell you what we'll
do. -We'll let the better, man win the
sword.'.and. the better man shall 4 have
it after the, war. What do you say?" -
"Sajr?" cried: the boy. and .he, gave
the other a hug and both . started . for
t^.e norch. As -they passed the'dobr, of
hia; mother's room the lad put? one fin
ger on his. lips: but the -mother had
heard, -and Inside a .woman-^ In black,
who had been standing before a mirror
with -her hands to her throat, let them
; "Oh. I, know— I know. I seed it when
•3*ou.. was drivln' up to de . stiles, an* '
. Ifirime teH you, Ole Cap'n." The horse
started fdr the barn, suddenly and Bob
¦ took- a' -'wide - circuit in order to catch
, thtt eye of a brown, milkmaid.- in .the
- coAvpehs, who sniffed" the air scornfully,
to show that she .did not see him, and.
burfed; the waves qf hef.. black hair
into the silken sides of a young' Jersey.
."Yes.v'he- paid, shakinghls head and .
making threats to himself; "an' Bob's
." gwine. wid- htm." ¦• . . "
As Crittenden climbed the stiles, old
Kezlah' filled the kitchen door..
.! "time -you gittiri 1 back, suh," she^
•cried Vvilh— mock . severity: "I been.'
studyln' . 'bout • you._ Little ;mb* an' I'd
< .'a^been .cemln' fer you myself. ¦ Yes^—
suh." _•';. : . ; "-.'¦'" ' ,
. -Ajld she.gave.a loud laugh that rang
'.through: the yard arid ended In a 6pft,
gueer littie whoop that was musical.
\Crlttepden smiled, but,, instead of an
, ; swering,.' raised his hand warhlngly,
.arid, as .he. -approached the-portico, he
. stepped from the gravef walk to the
'thick t!urf and b&gan jto tiptoe.; At the; .
fopt of thelow flight of stone .steps he
-. Btqppedr-smiling. . ' . • : .:¦{
¦ The- big .donbI*eV front door was'' ye%Qpfc
-open", -and. strajght'.'through' the .'mfff; /
wide* hallway .a'r.d at . the ¦ entrance < pf •.
. the dining-room.-a .swoBd-— a;long;oav-"~
:a!rr. Eat*er'-hung w(th a Jaunty gray
cap on the with Updpr them- Etbo'3 : a'
"boy w-lUj.his hands clasped behind hlrn"
and" his chin upraised.' The lad . coiild
see .the bullet" hole through.the tdp.-.anc! "
he knew that oil the- vfsor was a' faded
:stalifi. of hjs father's- blood. ,. As i : bl child .
he" haxl.heen.t9ld never- to touch th».
cap oV sword and, until tbis moment,
he had hot wanted" to take them down .
. .slnce'he-was a child; ana even now'Jhe
habit' bC obedience. held him back for a<"
whife, as he stood Tjooklng up .at them. '
. Outside a light wind .rustled the leaves,
¦of. the' rose; bush at his mpther's win- '.
dow, swept through the open door, and
made .the ¦ curtain at his: elbow swell
gently. As the heavy fold fell back to .
its place an J .swung" ;o\it again," it
caught the hilt of the sword and made
¦'.the 'metal. point of .the scabbard dark
softly against the .wall. . The bjy
.breathed sharply, remembered that he
wais grown and reyerently^eached up
ward. There was the stain where the
. blood had run down from the furrov/od *
wound that had caused his . father's
death! long after the war arid Just be
. fprje the boy was born. The hilt wa3
tarnished, and when he caught it and '
.pulled the blade came out a little way
and stuck fast. Some one stepped, on
the porch outslde.&nd he turned qulck
ly, as he might have turned "had some
¦on$- caught ' him ' unsheathing tha
weapon when a child.
"Hold 6n there, little brother."
. Grittenden stppped In the doorway,
smiling, affectionately, and the ;boy
thrust the blade back to the hilt.
"Why, Clay," he cried, end as he rani
forward, "Are- you going?" he asked,
eagerly! ' . . »:
"I'n\ the first born, you know," added
Crittenden, still smiling, and the lad
stretched the saber out to him, repeat
ing eagerly, "Are you going?-"
The older. brother did not answer; but
turned, without taking the weapon, and
. walked to the door and back again. • ,[ '. .
'•Are "you ?V*
"Me? Oh, I. have to go." said the
boy solemnly and with great dignity,
as though the matter were • quite be
yond, the pale of discussion. "
"You, do?" . . *
v "Yes; the. Legion is going."
"Only the members who volunteer;
nobody, has to go." •
"Don't.they?" said the lad, indlgnant-
I ly. "Well, If I had a son who belonged
to a military organization in time of
• peace"— the. lad spoke glibly— "and re
fused to go with i\ to war— well, I'd
rather, see him dead first." • '
'.'Who said .that?" asked the other.^
and. the lad colored. ' "¦'
, "Why, Judge rage Baid it; that's
who. And you Just ought to hear Miss
Judith!"
"Howdy, Ole.Cap'n." Crittenden had
beeri "Ole Captain" with the servants—
since the death of "Ole. ' Master," his
father— to distinguish him from "Young
Captain," who was his brother, Basil.
Master and servant shook hands and
Bob ? s (eeth flashed. • •
. . VWhaf« the matter, Bob?"
Bob climbed inta th-e buggy.
"You gwlneto de wah."
Criuendeh laugiied. ¦ . ...
.. "How do you know, Bob?" • ¦'•• x
.- . On the! top of -.a low ; hill,; a", wind
:from:the dawn struck, him, and 'the
paper" in .the bottom of the buggy be
;gan to snap ag'&iiist the dashboard.
He reached down to : Keep it from be
ing . whisked into • the* road, and -. he
saw again- that •' Judith. Page fead
come. hom«?i "When -he sat up again,
hts face vvas quite changjed. \ His head
'fell-' a little forward,, his shoulders
•drooped slightly.atid, fora Tnoment,
. his buoyancy" was gorie. The corners,
.of the mouth showed a settled melan
choly where before was sunny humor.
.The eyes, which "were dreamy, kindly,
gray. ; looked .backward in. a morbid
glow of c6ncentr.at|on : : And pver 'the
rather reckless -cast of his 'features
lay at once the' shadow of suffering
and the light of a great tenderness.
Slowly, a- little, hardness came into his
eyes and a littles bitterness, about his
mouth; His upper lip curved in upon
.his teeth with' self-scorn — for he had
had little cause.to.be pleased with
himself, while Judith' was gone,
arid :his . i eyes showed now how
proud was the scorn — and he
.shook ' himself sharply : and "sat
upright. ' He had ; forgotten: again.
That part of his life belonged to the
past and, [ like the past, was gone and
was not to cpme: back again. The pres
ent had li/e and hope' now, and the pur
pose born" that day from five . blank
years like the sudden' birth of a flower
In- a desert. •'*• • ; -
The sun-had burst from .the horizon
.now" and was shining through the tops
of the treesjn the lovely woodland into
which Crittenden turned, and through
which a road of brown creeksand ran
to thepasture beyona and through .that
to the long avenue of locusts, up which
the noble portico of his 'old homestead,
Canewood, . -was visible among cedars
and firs arid, old, forest trees. His mother
was not up , yet-r-the shutters of., her
window were still closed— but -the ser
vants were astir and busy. He could
see men and plow horses on their
way to the fields; and", that far away,
•he could hear the sound of old-Eph
raim's; ax at the woodpile, the noises
around the barn and cowpens, and old
.Aunt Kezlah singing a hymn in the
kitchen, the old wailing cry. of; the
•mother slave. ¦^:.>
"Oh I wonder whur my baby's ; done
gone, O Latfd! .
An' I git on my knees an* pray."
The song stopped, a negro boy sprang
out the kitchen door and ran for the
stiles— a tall, strong and very black
boy with a dancing eye, white teeth
and a look of welcome that was little
'short of dumb idolatry. '.
'"Howdy, Bob.'^;-
! "Come get! tReie: things," he .said,
and went pq ;with his paper. ". . -.
. • ¦"Yessiih!". {; '' " .. • '. :
.Things had, gone. swif-tl.y while he' was
In the htlls.. -.Old eakCottfedierates werV
answering the- call';' from the Capitol,
phe of hts father's- old eorftrades— little
jerry'. Carter — was to be . made ' '¦#¦
major- general:; . AmoTig 'the regulars
mobilising- .it" Chickamauga was the
regimen*, to..; "Avhich River?, : a; 'friend
of his bqyhpod.. ••.belonged^' There,
three days -later, hts -.State was going
tb dedicate -I.wol monuments to Jier sons
who. tad WHen on;. ti*e fild .'battle-field-,
wheYe: this father, \ fighting with . one
wlngojf the Legion for the Lost Cause,
and his. £athe'r?s- young "brother; ' flght
iriV - with ' tjie' /other, agr ainat it. , had
fought face- to;, face; whfcre his uncle
met death ;oh..'fhe -fie.14. and big father
5Pt the wound, that brought death to
'him years aft***- the fcar. ;And then he
'saw: -SOTnelhing' thji.t- for ,; a. moment.
quiW ¦brlpttpd the war; from .his brain
'ajrtd made 1 Mm close the- paper quickly..
Judith' ha.dAco^e..home^-Judah'was =to
uhveirthosje.- statues— Judlt.lj- Page.. :. '
, .The' toxvii" was . asleep,^e*cept : for the
ratti.e-6f irTjlk-carts,; the bangmg. .of
Eh-uttPTs- and the hum lot a' street' car;
and CritterHjefi -moved; througH empty
'tftreet s to. -the broad; Smooth; .turnpike
on--- the. hopth.- where- Ralpcrow shook
his head. iBCtVled;.. his •'.J>a«nches and:
broke into tW Winging tret peculiar .to
Hls,.bfepd— ifpr honiW - .. /.. ' V " •
" S.prinBl!r}it.he Bfuegrags^ .The earth
s"i>iritual' ds K . never r is .except . under
nefrTraiietV.' B^»Wj-fift - -the ; j j first shy
..greejv : The leaves, a; flbatlng. misi of ;
green. -W-Cliuoywt that, \- it . loosed,^
•the.y. fnusti. .it have floated up
•R-ard.^.rwveir --/to -tpe • blight Qf
frost o.r -thJ& : droor> .of'-ag?. T*i«a1r.,
rich with: the' smeWot n*wearth and
sprouting; grass; the;. long, 'l6w?kje3
iae&ly washed and. •through
distances, iclouds -tight' As-rthteUedown
aria .wjfjitd. ei snow'.. : : Afid;' the birds!.
•Wrens in: tfte^edgesV-sparroVs by the
wayside arid ! 'on fene^'raHs; istdrUntgS.
•poised over meadpwa . .bt-'Hliant.". with,
giis'tenirig -dew. larks! j-nftn'^ pastures;—
h11. singingi : as! they : ' s.apg "at thA-' first
d'at\t>i' an 4 -the mo'od jot tl^at
pcrtert Winding of eaf.tb, : and-: heaven
that i* r her.'.chl-ldreri but -rarely
tq[ krip.Ti', lt'\vas ' good to be -allve.;4if
the '..breajcjrig; of- -such- a dai'- 4 — good . to
be yo.ungr .a'lid./ strpng,.-ana eiiger- and
unafraid; 'Wjrtn. t.he\n'4tibh called for
Us young iriiten .arid red ¦ jfe»r's was ; the
"maming.staTv.The- blood cf dead fight
ers .began. tj>- leap agatiri' • In: his" veins.
•Hts' nostrils idilatedl and."his Chin.was
raised. : proudly. -f-\o, -racial chord
touched • • wfthih"' j Jiinv; that Had'
been' dumb .u long Vvhile. Apd -that
T%-as.;all it^Vas^—the-biobd of his fath
.-ers: 'for it 1 was \ honqr.'and r>ot love
that bound-binT.to his ton flagF- " He
was "his iriothe.-'s spn,. and" the tin
;spQken : bttterness- th'at hirked 'n her
..heart Jurk.edY likewise,' on her accountj
in his. ' :• .-: . .: * . ; •:
fTT« IIIS is the first installment
• I \9 f ; 'Crittenden" by John-;
•1.. Fo* Jr. It 'is a novel full
oftlirifls, and best of fill, af su*\
perior .literary, merit.:, r In fact/
it is- the'. best creation jihajt has;
ever . come from the; pen <>f this ;
talented author* and it j-ou tried:
t&bny it elsewhere in- any form :
jtib.tf ould cost you niQreihan' ten
times wiiat.you. Mil get it f or in ;¦
the. pajjes of The SunUay .Call '
Ka^azine. ... .-;. ).) ¦;. ¦'"¦¦'.. '¦ :
% Just 'think • that ;orer for a
moment. *"./ .-'•'¦. ;.. • •:... 1:1" . ;: . •¦ ;'v::
"No matter who was right, and who
was wrong In the Civil War, the mat
ter, is settled now by the sword. The
constitution left the question open, but
.it Is. written there now In letters of
blood. We' have given' our -word that
they shall stand; and remember it is
the word of gentlemen and binding on
their sons. There have been those In
the North who have doubted that word;
there have been those" .in the South
who have given cause ror doubt; and
this may be true for a long time. But
if ever the time comes to. test that
word, do you be the first to prove It.
You will fight for your nag— mine now
as well* as yours — just as sincerely as
I fought against it." And these words,
said Crittenden, in a trembling voice,
the brave gentleman' spoke again on his
deathbed; and . now, as x fce looked
around on the fearless 1 young faces
about. him, lie, had no need to fear that
they were spoken in vain. *
And so the time was come for the
South toprove its loyalty— not to itself,
nor to the North, but to the world.
Under, him he saw his mother's eyes
fill with tears, for these words of her
When he rose, he sa*w his mother &U'
most under him and; not far behind
her, Judith with her father. Judge
Page. The lieutenant of regulars was
standing on the edge of the crow'd, and
to his right was Grafton, also'standing,
with hjs hat under hts arm— idly curi
ous. But it was to his mother that he
spoke and, steadfastly, he saw her
strong, gentle face even when he was
looking far over her head, and he knew
that she knew that he" was arguing- the
point then and there between them.
It was. he said, ihe ffrst war of Its
kind in history. It marked, ah epoch
in the growth of national character
since the world began. As an American,
he believed that no finger of-medieval
ism should so much as touch this hem
isphere. Tke Cubans had earned their
freedom long since, and the cries of
starving women arid children for thft
bread which fathers and brothers asked
but the right to earn must cease. To
put out' of mind the Americans blown
to death at Havana— If such a thing
were possible— he. yet believed with all
his heart in the ; war. He did not think
there would be much of a fight — but if
everybody acted on that presumption,
there would be no answer to the call
for volunteers. He was proud to think
that the Legion of his own State, that
in itself stood for the reunion of the
North and the South, had been the first
to spring to arms. And he was proud
to think that not even they were the
first Kentuckians to fight for Cuban
liberty. He was proud that, before the
Civil War even, a Kentuckian of
his own name and blood had !ed a band
of one hundred and fifty brave men of
his own State against Spanish tyranny,
in Cuba, and a Crittenden. viifh fifty
of his followers, were captured and
shot in platoons of six.
"A Kentuckian kneels only to woman
and his God," this Crittenden had said
proudly when ordered, to kneel blind
folded and with his face to the wall,
"and always dies facing his enemy."
And so those Kentuckians • had died
nearly half a century before, and he
knew that the young Kentuckians be
fore him would as bravely dl», if need
be, in the same cause now: .a nd- when
they came face to face with the Span
iard they would remember the shat
tered battleship In tha Havana harbor
and something more— they v would- re-
member Crittenden. And -then the
speaker closed with the worda of a cer
tain proud old Confederate soldier to
¦his son: .
"My little brother Is going to the
war." he repeated, looking at her.
Judith smiled and went on bravely:
"And- you?" . • • . • • •
Crittenden, too, smiled. * •
"I may consider it my duty to stay
at home/'.
The girl looked rather surprised—in
stead of showing the subdued, sarcasm
that he was looking for — and,, in truth,
she was. His. evasive and careless an
swer showed an indifference, to her
wish and opinion in the matter* that
would once have • been very I unusual.
Straightway there was a tug at her
heartstrings that also was unusual. '
The people were gathering' in the
open-air auditorium now and, from all
over the camp, the crowd "began to.
move that way. All kne-r the word' of
the^orator's mouth and the word of
the editor— they had heard the one and
had seen th.e other on, his printed pase
many times: and It was for this reason,
perhaps, that Crittenden's fresh fire
thrilled and swayed the crowd as it
did. -~ r ?
at seeing and. to his wonder, he
was as calm^iiHl cooj^as though he were
Welcoming back hj*ne any good friend
Trno^had beejt.aw'ay a long time. He
could now see that the lieutenant be
longed to the Tenth United States Cav
alry; he knew that the Tenth was a col
ored regiment; he understood a cer
tain stiffness that he felt rather than
saw jn ; the • courtesy ' that was care
fully shown him by the Southern vol
unteers who were about him; and he
turned away to avoids meeting him.
Por the same reason, -he 'fancied. Ju
dith turned, too. . The -mere idea of
negro soldiers was not only repugnant
to him. but he did not believe in. negro
regiments.' *These' would be the men
who could and would organize and
'drill. the blacks in the Sou tn; who. in
other words,* would make . possible,
hasten, -and prolong the race war that
sometimes struck him as inevitable.
'As he" turned, he saw a tall, fine-look
ing negro, fifty yards away. In the
uniforn\of a sergeant of cavalry and
'¦urrounded by a'crowd'of gaping dar
kies, whom he was haranguing earn
estly*, t Lieutenant and Tsergeant were
"evidently on -an enlisting tour.
* 'Just then; a radiant little creature
.looked up. into.Crittenden's face, call
'lrig him by name and holding xmt both
hands — Phyllis. Basfl's~ little sweet-
"With her ' was a tall, keen-
" featured fellow.* whom she introduced
"as" a war correspondent and" a North
erner. *.'."""
'"A sort of war correspondent,** cor
rected Graf ton. with a swiff look of
' Interest at • Crittenden; but turning his
'eyes at once'back to Phyllis. She was
a new and diverting type to the North-.
era man and her name .waa fitting
' and pleased him. A company passed
Just then, and a smothered exclama
tion from Phyllis turned attention to
It On the end of 'the line, with his
chin up, his shoulders squared, .his eyejs
'straight forward, was Crit'tenden's
warrlor-broth/r, Basil: Only his face
colored. to^ show that he knew, where
he was Arid who was looking at him.
but not bo much .'a*. glance- of his -eye
" did he send toward the" tent. ¦ Judith
turned to Crittenden quickly:'
"Tour little brother is going to the
war?" The question was thoughtless
- and significant, t dr it betrayed to him
what was' going on In her mind, and
she knew It and colored, as he paled
a little. . . •
CRITTENDEN
A KENTUCKY STORY
OF LOVE AND WARdid not go to church as he should; and
by the thoughtful, that he was making
a shameful waste of the talents that
the Almighty had showered so freely
down upon him. And so without suf
fering greatly in public estimation, in
spite of the fact that the ideals of
Southern life were changing fast, he
passed into the old-young period that
Is the critical tfme in the lives of men
like him — -when he thought he had
drunk his cup to the dregs; had run
the gamut of human experience; that
nothing was left to his future but the
dull repetition of his past. Only those
who knew him best had not given up
hope for him,; nor had he really given
up hope for himself as fully as he
thought, i The truth was, he never fell
far, -nor for long, and he always roEe
with the old~purpose the same, even
If it stirred him each time with less
and less enthusiasm—and always with
the beacon ; light^of one star shining
from his past, even though each time
it shone a little more dimly. For usual
ly," of course, there is the hand of a
woman on the lever that prizes such
a man's life upward, and when Judith
Page's , clasD loosened on Crittenden
the castle that the lightest touch of
her finger raised in his imagination —
that * he doubtless | would . have . reared
for her and for him, in fact^-f ell in
quite- hopeless ruins, and no similar
shape was ever framed for him above
Its 'ashes. . ; :
'/¦ It was x the . simplest and oldest of
stories between ; the, two— a story that
began doubtless with the beginning.
;and' will-never end as long as two men
and one woman, or two women and
one man, are 4eft on : earth— the story
jjt : the love }, of one ¦ who loves another.
¦Only to the sufferers the tragedy i3 al
ways as fresh as a knife cut and for
ever new.- ;.-• • -- : ,-.:¦¦: . ¦¦:..;••.;. '.'.¦:
'Judith "cared for nobody. Crittenden
laughed and -pleaded,^ stormed, sulked
same way. There was a day when
he was near it; when he turned the
same fresh, frank face ' fearlessly to
the^ world, when his nature wa3 as
unspoiled and as clean, his hopes as
high, and his faith as child-like; and
once when he ran across a passage in
Stevenson in which that gentle stu
dent spoke of his earlier and better
self as his "little brother"" whom he
loved and longed for and sought per
sistently, but who dropped farther and
farther behind at times, until. In mo
ments of darkness, he' sometimes
feared that he might lose him for
ever—-Crittenden had clung to the
phrase, and he had let his fancy lead
him to regard this boy as his early
and better self— better far than he
had ever been — his little brother, in
a double sense, who drew from him,
besides the love of brother for brother
and father for son, a tenderness that
was almost maternal. • •
| The pike-gate slammed now and the
swiftrush of wheels over the blue
grass turf followed; the barn-gate
cracked "sharply on the night air and
Crittenden heard him singing, in the
boyish, untrained tenor that is so
common in the South, one, of the old
fashioned love-songs that are 'still
sung with -perfect sincerity, and with
out shame by his people:
"Tou'll never find another love like nine, -
Tou'll never find a heart that's half so true."
And then. the voice was muffled sud
denly.' A little while later he entered
the- yard-gate • and stopped in the'
moonlight and, ; from his window,
'Crittenden looked . down and
watched; him. r '.The 'boy was go
ing through the manual of ¦ arms
with his buggy- whip, at the command
of'x an. imaginary officer,' "whom,
erect -.and martial, -he^was < apparently
looking straight In the eye. Plainly he
was a private how. ' Suddenly he sprauig
forward and saluted;. he was Volunteer
ing for some dangerous duty; and then
had carried Its name canewood down
from pioneer days; that had never been
owned by a white man who was not a
Crittenden; that was Isolated, and had
its slaves ' and the children of those
slaves Btill as servants; that still clung
rigidly to old traditions— social, agri
cultural and patriarchal— out there
Crittenden found himself one day alone.
His. friends — even the boy, his brother
—had caught the modern trend of
things quicker than he, and most of
them had gone to work— some to law,
some as clerks, railroad men, mer
chants, civil engineers; some to mining
and speculating in the State's own rich
mountains. Of course he had studied
law— his type of • Southerner always
studies law — and he tried the practice
of it. He had too much self-confidence,
perhaps, based on his own brilliant rec
ord as a college orator, and he never
got over the humiliation of losing his
first case, being handled like putty ; by
a small, black-eyed youth of his own
age, who had come from nowhere and
had passed up through a philanthrop
ical old judge's office to the dignity,
by and. by, of a license of his own.
Losing the suit, through some j absurd
little technical mistake, Crittenden not
only declined a fee, but paid -the Judg
ment against j his client out of his own
pocket and went home with a wound
to his foolish, sensitive pride for which
there was no quick cure. A little later,
he went to the mountains, when those
wonderful hills first began to give up
their wealth to the world; but the pace
was too swift, competition was too un
dignified ami greedy, ana business was
won on too low a plane. After a year
or two of rough life, which heJped him
more than - he knew, until long after
ward. , he went home./ Politics .he had
not yet j tried, and /politics hs was • now
persuaded to try. He made a brilliant
the squeak of a pig that was pushed out
of. his warm place by a stronger broth
er. The night noises were strong and
clear— the cricket- in the grass, thi
croaking • frogs from the pool, the
whir of a night hawk's wings
along the edge of the yard, the
persistent wail of a whip-poor-will
sitting lengthwise of # a willow limb
over the meadow-branch, the occa
sional sleepy caw of crows from their
roost in the woods beyond, the bark of
a house-dog at a neighbor's home
across the fields, and, farther still,
the fine high yell of a fox-hunter and
the faint answering yelp of a' hound.
And inside, in the mother's room, the
curtain was rising on a tragedy that
was tearing open the wounds of that
other war — the tragedy upon which a
bloody curtain had fallen more than
thirty years before. The mother lis
tened quietly, as had her mother be
fore her, while the son spoke quietly,
for time and again he had gone over
the ground to himself, ending ever
with the same unalterable resolve.
There had been a Crittenden in every
war of the nation— down to the two
Crittendens who slept side by side in
the old graveyard below the garden.
And the Crittenden— of whom he
had spoken that morning — the gallant
Crittenden who led his Kentuckians to
death in Cuba in 1851, was his father's
elder brother. And again he* repeated
the dying old Confederate's deathless
words with which he had Cirilled the
Legion that morning— words; heard by
her own ears as well as his own. What
else was left him to do—^henhe knew
what those three ; brothers, if. . they
were alive, would hsrve him do?
And there were other untold reasons
hid in the core of his own heart; faced
only when he was alone, and faced
again, that, night, after he had left his
mother and was in his own room and
looking out at the moonlight and the
some of them of those old enemies, but
ready to ' fight together now, and as
near shoulder to shoulder as the mod
ern line of battle will allow.
Rivers, bronzed, quick-tempered, and
of superb physique, met him at the
Station. «
"You'll come right out to camp with
me." ;-..f
The town was thronged. There were
gra,y slouch hats everywhere with little
brass crosses pinned to them — tiny
rifles, sabers, cannon — crosses that
were not symbols of religion, unless this
was a time when the Master's coming
meant the sword. Under them were sol
diers with big pistols and belts of big,
gleaming cartridges — soldiers, white
and black, • everywhere — swaggering,
ogling, and loud of voice, but all good
natured, orderly.
Inside the hotel the lobby was full
of officers in uniform, scanning the yel
low bulletin-boards, writing letters,
chatting in groups; gray veterans of
horse, foot, apd artillery; company
officers in from Western service —
quiet young men with bronzed faces
and keen eyes, like Rivers' — renewing
old friendships and swapping experi
ences on tthe plains; subalterns down
to the last graduating class from "West
Point, with slim waists, fresh faces,
and nothing to swap yet but memories
of the old school on the 'Hudson. In
there he saw Grafton again and Lieu
tenant Sharpe, of the Tenth Colored
Cavalry, whom he had seen in the
bluegrass, and Rivers introduced him.
He was surprised that Rivers, though
a Southerner, had so little feeling on
the question of negro soldiers; that
many, officers in the negro regiments
were Southern; that Southerners were
; preferred, because they understood
.the | black man, and, for that reason,
could better handle him. Sharpe pre
sented both to his father. Colonel
Sharpe, of. the infantry, who was tak
ing credit to himself that, for the
first time- in his life, he allowed his
band to play "Dixie" in camp after
the. Southerners in Congress had risen
up and voted millions for. the. national
'defense. Colonel Sharpe spoke with
some bitterness and Crittenden won
dered. He never dreamed; that there
was any bitterness on the other side
why? How could a" victor feel bitter
ness for a fallen foe? It was the one
word ' he was " to \ hear about, the . old
war from" Federal or ex-Confederate.
She waa looking; it him with "a cu
rious wlstfulness that was' quite be-,
yond him to interpret— a wistfulness"
that was In' the sudden- smile of weir
come when she saw him start toward
her and In the startled' flush of- sur^
prise when fce stopped; then." with the
tail of his eye; he saw the quick palef
. ness that followed' as the girl's ¦ eensir
; tive no«trils c quivered once end her splr*
ltedface settlfcd quickly Into a proud
calm. And theii he saw. her smUe-ra
strange' little .Kiiile' that may have been
at hersett or at' him— and he wondered
about it all and .was tempted to go
back, but kept on doggedly, wondering
at her and *t himself with a .miserable
grim, satisfaction' that he was at last
ever and above 5 It alL 6h» had told
him to <oncuer his boyish love -for her
and. as her will' had always' been jaw
to .h<m/ he^'hao 1 ;made it at. last a law
In this. The ; touch -of the loadstone
that never ln : h.is- life -had bailed had
failed <now; and : now, for once :in his
life, desire, and' duty -were one...' .. : ¦¦
¦ . He found his mtjther. at her seat by
her open -window.', .the -unopened buds
of her favorite roses hanging motion-.
less in the 'still aif outside, but giving
their fresh ;gre'eri faint fragTance to the
whole room within; and fee- remembered'
•the quiet sunset scene -every night- for
niany- nights- to come.-. Every line in
' her patrient f ace'- had been traced there •
by a sorrow of the old war, and his
• voice trembled: '
"Mother."\he sajd, as he bent down
arid kissed her,- 'Tiri going.*'
• Her .head dropped . quickly to the
Work.tn "her lap. but 'she saj[d nothing,
and be -went quickly out again.
: • , • tr, " •
• 'it was growing dusk outslfle. Chlok r .
?ns were goiu? to roost with ..a- great
chattering' in some" locust-trees fn one
corner" of "the yard. An aged darky
was 'swinging an ax at the woodpile
and t-^'o little! pickaninnies were--gath
ering-, a basket of- chilis.. Already tie
air wasvfiried with the twilight sounds.;
of" the farm— "the lowing of .cattle, the;
bloating of calves: at the cowpecs. the:
bleat of sheep. from" the woods,, and the ; .
nicker of! horses in. the barn. Through/
Hall. Qrittenden could' hear the nervou?
tfi'ud.c'f Raincrow^s hoofs announci-ng
•ram^-for that .was the . way! the hocse
pot his. name, -bcjng: as .black, as -a crow
and, as Bob eteirrted, always knowing
when falling weather was at iiajid and
'f peaking his prophecy by stamping in
.his stall. -He. could hear Basil ' noisily,
making his 'way to the barn. . As he
walked j-brougn the garden.toward the
family graveyard,.- he could still hear
the boy, and a. prescient' tithe of th?
T*d n, * that he ' felt ; would . strike him in
rull-sbxpe day. smote him so sharplii
now tha-t be stopped a moment .to list
en;, with 'one. hand -quickly raised to -his
forehead. Basil vfas whistling—whist
lfn.5 joyously. Foreboding touched the
-boy like the brush -of a. bird's wing, and
death and. sorrow; were "as remote as
.infinity to "him.* At the' barn-door the
, laid called sharply:
. -Bob!" '¦"•¦;;>¦•-,' "".;'*' j -i- - :
.'•"Suh!" answered a muffled voice, and
Bob gray -rrith oatdust.
. "I want my '.buggy to-night.". Bob'
grinned. : ' ¦ .
""Sidebar?." ' " "*
. "\ys." . " ; , .;- ..• .; "
'^ew whip-^new. harness — little bug
gy mare — reckon?", ;"." ' .•...*¦
"I want ''em all." ••
Bob laughed loudly.' "Oh,' I know.
•You gwin n to see Miss Phyllis dls night,
-.sho— yes, vLawd!" Bob dodged :a kick
from -the tce.cf the boy's boot— a play-,
f ul- kick that was not meant to land
end went" into the barn and. came out
again. . :.*j'- ; " \ • : .
".Yes, an. v I know somewhur else you
rw'ine— you- gwine to the war. Oh, I
know"; yes. suh. Dere's a white man In
.town tryih' to git niggers to 'list wld
him., an'- he's, got a nigger sojer
what say # he's a officer hisself; yes,
mon. a' corpril. ' An', dis nigger's Jes a
gwine through town drawln* niggers
right .an' left. He talk to me, but I Jes'
laugh at him' an' say I gwine wid ole
'cap'n ur • young ca-p'n, I don't keer
which. An* lemme tell you, young
cap'n, «f you ; ur ole-cap'n doan lemme
go' wid you. Fse gwine wid dat nigger
corprll an\ dat white man what 'long
to a nigger .regiment, an* I know you
don't .want me to bring no seen dis
trrace- on de fambly dat way — no, euh.
He .axe whut you de cap'n of," Bob
w£rit on. aiming at two birds with one
•Blone, "an* I say you de cap'n of ev
e'r'body an* ever' ting dat come 'long—
dat's what I -say— an* he be cap'n of
you wid all yo' unyform and sich. I say.
If you Jes come out to de fahm — yes,
mon,- dat he will sho."
The boy laughed and Bob reiterated:
"Oh.. I'se gwine — I'se gwine wid
you—" Then he stopped short. The
turbaned figure of Aunt Keziah loomed
from' behind <he woodpile.
-."What dat I heah 'bout you gwine to
de wah. nigger, what dat I heah?"
Bob laughed— but it was a laugh of
propitiation.
"Law, mammy. I was Jes projeckln*
wld young cap'n."
"Fool nipger, doan know what wah
is— doan lemme heah you talk no more
*bout gwine to de wah ur I gwine to
.wa'r you out wid a hickory— dat's whut
•I'll do— now you min'." She turned
on Basil then; but Basil had retreated,
and his laugh rang from the darkening
. yard. She cried after him:
"An* doan lemme beah you puttin' dis
fool nigger up to gittin* hisself killed by
•dem Cubbns neither; no sun'!" She
was deadly serious now. "I done
epank^d you heap. o* times, an' 'tain't
eo long ago, '.an' you ain' too big yit;
no, sub." The old woman's wrath was
rising higher., and Bob darted into the
barn before she could turn back again
to him, and a moment later darted his
head. like. a woodpecker, out again to
see If the were gone, and grinned si
lently' after her as she rolled angrily
toward the house, scolding both Bob
and Basil to herself loudly.
A ec ng rose from the cowpens Just
he walked on toward the house. Again
he stopped. Apparently he . had been
promoted; now for gallant conduct, for
he waved his Whip and called out "writh
low, sharp stern ess :
"Steady, now! Ready; fire t" And
then swinging his hat over his head: ,
• "Double-quick— charge!" After- the
charge, he B&t down for a moment on
the stiles, looking up at the moon, and
then came on toward the house, singing
again:
. "Tou'n n«r«r tod a man in all thU worid
Who'll lore y«a half so w«U as I 1ot« you.
And inside, the mother, too. was list
ening; and she heard j the elder brother
call the boy' into hisroom'and the door
close, and'she as well .knew the theme
of their talk as though she could hear
all they said." Her. sons-^even the elder
one — did not realize what war was; the
boy looked upon, it as a frolic. That
¦was. the -way herVwo brothers had re
garded '. the old- war. They went with
the South, of course, as, did her father
and her sweetheart. And her sweet
heart .was the only one who came back,
and him she married the third month
after the surrender/, when he was so
sick and wounded that he could hardly
stand. Now she must give up all that
was left for the North, that had taken
nearly all she had. \
Was it all to come again— the same
long days of sorrow," loneliness, the
anxious, waiting, waiting, waiting to
hear that this one was dead, and that
this one was wounded or sick to death
— would either come back unharmed?
She knew now what her "own mother
must have suffered 1 , and what it must
ha"ve cost her to tell her sons what she
had told hers that night. Ah, God, was
it all to come .again?
—
Some days later a bugle blast started
Crittenden from a soldier's cot. when
the flaps of his tent were yellow with
the rising sun. Peeping between them,
he saw that only one tent was open.
Rivers, as acting quartermaster, had
been up long ago and gone. That blast
was meant for the private at the foot
of the hill, and Crittenden went back
to his. cot and slept on.
The day before he had swept out of
the hills again — out through a blossom
ing storm of dogwood— but this time
southward bound. Incidentally, he
would see unveiled these statutes that
Kentucky was going, to dedicate to her
Federal and ; Confederate dead. He
would find his father's old comrade —
little Jerry Carter— and secure a com
mission, If possible. Meanwhile, he
would drill with Rivers' regiment, as a
f soldier of the line.
At sunset he swept Into the glory of
a Southern spring and the hallowed
haze of an old battlefield where certain
gallant Americans once fought certain
other gallant Americans fiercely for
ward and back over some 6000 acres of .
creek bottom and wooded hills, and
where Uncle Sam was pitching tents
tor his war-children— children, too —
big, weeping willow that drooped over
the one white tomb under which 'the
two brothers, 'who had been enemies
in the battle, slept ' Bide • by 6ide * thus
in peace. Bo far he had' followed In
their footsteps, since the one part that
he was fitted to play was the role they
and their ancestors had played beyond
the time when [• the first American
among them, falling, to rescue his king
from Carisbrooke Castle, set sail for
Virginia on the very day Charles lost
his royal head. But for the Civil War
Crittenden would -' have ' played that
role worthily and without question to
the end. With the dose of the war.
however, his birthright was gone —
even before he was born— and yet, as
he grew to manhood, he had gone
on in the serene and lofty way of
his father— there ; was, nothing else he
could do-^layirig the gentleman still,
though with each year \ the .. audience
grew more restless and the other and
lesser actors In the drama of Southern
reconstruction more and more resented
the particular claims of the sta'r. At
last, came with a shock the realization
that with the passing of the war. his
occupation had forever gone. And all
at once, out on his ancestral farm that
son were the dying words of her lion
hearted husband. And Judith had sat
motionless, watching him with peculiar
intensity and flushing a little, perhaps
at the memory of her Jesting taant,
while Grafton had stood, Btill— his eyes
fixed, his face earnest—^nisslng not a
word.- He was waiting tot Crittenden,
and he held his hand out when th« lat
ter emerged from the crowd, with the
curious embarrassment that assails the
newspaper man. when he finds himsnlf
betrayed into unusual feeling.
"1 say," .lie said, "that was swd,
COO d ! *' - I „" "J • ; / , • : ;.
The officer who, too, had stood still
as a statue, seemed to b* moving to
ward him, and again Crittenden turned
ai» ay— to look for his mother. She had
gone borne at tmcer-ebe jcoiild not face
him now' in. that crowd — and- as he was
turning to' his own buggy he saw Ju
dith, and from habit 'started toward
her, but. changing, his mind, he raised
his hat "and kept on his way,, while ths
memory of the girl's face kept pac«
with him. ¦ '. . : - : • "
and upbraided, and was devoted and
Indifferent for years — like the willful."
passionate, youngster that he. was—un
til Judith dlfl iqvt another-rwhat other,
Crittenden* never knew.. And then he'
really believed that he must, as she
had told ¦ him 5 ..so often, J eon
; quer^ his ). love for.- her. And he "- did.
at a fearful . cost to I tne ;best that was
in him— foolishly,' but. consciously, "de
liberately. When the reaction came, he
tried to re-establish his relations to . a
world that held no ' Judith Page. Her
absence gave him help, and he had done
very well. In spite of an occasional re
lapse. It was a relapse that had sent
him to the' mountains," six weeks before,
and. he. had emerged '.with a clear eye,
a clear head, "steady nerves, and with
the fone thing that' he-had always lack
ed, Raiting for hlm-r-a purpose. It was
little wonder, then,; that the first ruddy
'flash across a sky\that; had been sunny
with peace for thirty years^ and more,
thrilled him like an electric' charge
from the very clouds'. -tv The] next \ best
thing to a noble life was; ft* death' that
was noble, and that was possible to any
man in war. One war had -taken away
-Another might 'give back again; and
his chance was come at last.
It was midnight now and far across
the "fields came the swift faint beats
of a horse's hoof3 on the turnpike. A
moment later he could hear the hum
of wheels — it was his little brother
coming home; nobody had "a horse
that could go like that, and nobody
else would drive that way if he had.
Since the death of their father, thir
teen years after the war. he had been
father to the. boy, and, time and again
he had wondered now why could he
not have been like that youngster.
Life was an open book to the boy —
to be read as he ran. He took It as
he took his daily bread, without
thought, without question. If left
alone, he and the little girl whom he
had gone that night to see would mar
ry, settle down, and go hand inihand
into old age without questioning love,
life, or happiness. And that was as
It should be; and would to , Heaven
he had been born to tread the self-
canvass, but another element than
oratory-^ had crept in as a new
factor In. political success. His oppo
nent, Wharton, the wretched little law
yer who had bested him once be
fore,*; bested him .now, and the weight
of the last ? straw 1 fell crushingly. '•', It
was no use. i The ; little touch of magic
that makes \ success I Seemed to have
'been 'denied "him' at birth, and, there
fore, deterioration began to set In — the
deterioration that comes from idleness,
from energy that gets the wrong vent,
from strong passions that a definite
purpose would have kept under con
trol—and the worse elements of a na
ture that, "at the bottom, was true and
fine, slowly began to take possession of
him as weeds will take possession of
an, abandoned field.
-But even then nobody took him as
seriously as he took himself. So that
while , he fell Just short, in his own
eyes, : of _ everything that /was worth
while; of doing sometningand being
something worth 'while;, believing
something that made the .next world
worth. while;. or gaining^ttiie Jove of a
woman that would have, made this life
worth while— in . the . eyes of j his own
people he was merely sowing his wild
oats after the fashion of his race, and
would settle down, after|,;the same
fashion, by and by — that was the in
dulgent summary of his career thus
fax. He had been a brilliant student
In the. old. university.' and," in a desul
tory way, he was yet He had worried
his professor of metaphysics by puz
zling questions and keen argument un
til that philosopher was glad to mark
him highest In his class and let him
CO. He surprised the old lawyers when
it came to a discussion of the pure
theory of law, and, on the one occa
sion when his mother's pastor came to
see him, he disturbed that good man
no little, and closed his lips against
further censure of him In pulpit or in
private. So'- that all that was said
against him by the pious was that he
then. Full, dear, and quivering. It
seemed suddenly to still everything else
into, silence. In ;a : flash, Bob's grin
settled. Into a look of sullen; dejection,
and, with his ear: cocked and drink
ing In the song, and with his eye on the
•corner of the barn' he waited. From
the cowpens- was. coming a sturdy ne
gro girl with a bucket of foaming milk
In each* hand and a third balanced on
her head, ringing with all the strength
of her lungs. In a moment she passed,
the corner; '. "_
"Molly— eay, Molly." ¦ ' .
The song stopped short.
"Say,-, honey, wait a minute — Jes' a.
minute, won't ye?" The milkmaid kept
straight ahead, and Bob's honeyed
: words soured suddenly.^; -'\ ~\
"Go on, gal, think yo'self mighty
fine, don't ye? Nem min'l" 4- ; >.' - .
• Molly's nostrils swelled to their full
width; and, at the top of her voice, she
began again. . .
"Go on, nigger, but you Jes' wait."
Molly Bang on: .-_.:¦
"Take By yo" erota, ca. '• •lanet-man." '
Before he knew it. Bob gave the re
epor.se with great unction: ' .
*' . ."Tea. Lawdl"
¦ Then he stopped short.
"I reckon I got to break dat gal's
head .some' day. Yessuh; she knows
whut "my .cross is," and then he started
eltfwly after her, shaking- his. head and,
as. his wont was, talking to himself.
He. was stjll talking to himself when
Basil came cut to the stiles after sup
per to get Into his buggy. ,
- "Young Cap'n, dat gal Molly mighty
:nlgh pesteria" de life out o" me. I dons
UA' her I*se gwine to de Waa."
"What did she say? 1 ? '. , ;
"Dp fool dggeiv-she Jes* ' laughed— :
she jes' laughed." ¦' ,
The boy, too;. laughed as he gathered
the reins and the mare -sprang forward.
¦ ''We'll seer-we'U see." .
And Bob .with a triumphant snort
turned toward Molly's" cabin.
j The locust trees were- quiet now and
the barn was c till except for the ooca
sional'stcm^ of a horse In his stall ox
Indeed, he mistook a short, stout.
careless appointee. Major Billings,
with his negro -servant, his Southern
mustache and goatee and his pompous
"ways, for a genuine- Southerner, and
the major, though from Vermont,
seemed pleased.
But it was to the soldier outside
that Crittenden's heart had been
drawn, for it was his first stirring
sight of the regular of his own land,
and the soldier in him answered at
once with a thrill. Waiting for Ri
vers, he stood in the *:?t of the note!
watching the strong men pass, and by
and- by he saw three coming down the
street, arm in arm. On the edge of
the light, the middle one, a low. thick-,
set, black-browed fellow, 1 . pushed his
comrades away, fen drunkenly. and
slipped loosely to the- street, while the
two stood above him in disgust. • One
of them was a mere b.oy and the other
was a giant, with a lean face, so like •
Lincoln's that Crittenden started when
the boy called impatiently:
"Pick him up. Abe." 'f \
The tall soldier stooped, and with •
one hand lifted the drunken man as.
lightly as though he had been a sack
of wool, and the two caught him un
der the arms again. As they came on,
both suddenly let go; the middle ona
straightened sharply, j and all three :
saluted. Crittenden heard Rivers"
voice at his ear:
"Report for this, Reynolds.**
And the drunken soldier turned an*
rather sullenly saluted again. : .;
"You'll come right out to camp with.
me," repeated Rivers. . . ' :,. - •
And now out at the camp, naxt
morning, a dozen trump*ets were ring
ing out an emphatic complaint Xnt«
Crittenden's sleeping ears: *. . •>'.-
I can't *lt '«-a up. ll&B ¦.'*« .
I can't git 'tin up. . . HHj
I can't fit 'era op la t&» morssr, • t .„
I can't git '«m up, .' Tr: ?l*8l "
I can't rlt 'em up. . -_ ' • *M
I can't, clt 'em uj> at all. ' _
The corporal's worse than th'» •erreaat," . .
The sergeant's worse than the UeutwnTit.* '
And the captain U worst of ill.
This is as high up. apparently, as
the private dares to go, unless he con-'.
siders the somnolent Iniquity of th«,
colonel quite beyond the range of-tb»
bugle. But the pathetic appeal waa
too much for Crittenden, and he got ¦
up, stepping into a fragrant foot bath,
of cold dew and out to a dapple-gray
wash basin that sat on- three wooden
stakes Just outside. Sousing hia head,
he sniffed in the chill air "and. looking
below him. took in, with pure mathe
matical delight, the- working unit of
the army as it came to life. The very"
camp was the symbol of order and
system; a low hill, rising from : a tiny,
stream below him in a series of natu-"
ral terraces to the fringe of low pines
behind him," and on these terraces
cers and men sitting. a«cording to
rank; the white tepees of the privates. 1
and their tethered horses — camped .in .
column of troops — stretching up the
hill toward him; op the first terrace,
above and flanking the columns, the
old-fashioned .army tents of the com- ¦
pany officers and subaltern and the'
guidons in line — each captain with; his-,
lieutenants at the head of each com-
pany street; behind them and on the
next terrace, the majors three — each,
facing the- center' of his sqtfadron; i
And highest on top. of the hill, and
facing the center of ths regiment, the
slate-colored tent of the colonel, com
manding every foot of the camp. : '
"Yes," said a voice behind- him.
"and you'll find it Just that, way
throughout the army."
Crittenden turned in surprise, and
the ubiquitous Grafton . went on • as
though the little trick of thought
reading were too unimportant for-no
tice. * . '; '_¦¦' ¦¦'.'
"Let's- go down and take a look at
things. This is my lost day." Gnafton
went on, "and I'm out early. I. go to
Tampa to-morrow."
All- the day before, as he traveled,
Crittenden had seen the stations ;
thronged with eage,r countrymen—
that must have been the way It was in '•
the old war, he . thought — and
swarmed the thicker the- farther ha •
went south. And, now, as the two:
started down the bill, he could see In '
the dusty road that ran through the
old battle field ~-»uthern interest and
sympathy taking visible shape. For a
hundred miles around, ' the human. *
swarm had risen from the earth ] and .
was moving toward him on wagon,
bicycle, horseback, foot; In omnibus,
carriage, cart; in barges on wheels, *
with projecting a - lltions,. and other
land craft beyond- classification or
description. And the people— the
American Southerners; rich whites,
whites well to do, poor white trash;
good count— folks, valley farmers;
mouritaineers— darkies, and the 'mot
ley feminine horde that the soldier
draws the world over— all mqvtni *
along the road as far as he could see. "
and interspersed here and there in
the long; low cloud of dust with a
clanking troop of horse or a red rum
bling battery — all coming to Bee the
soldiers — the soldiers!
And the darkies! How they flocked
and stared at their soldler-brethern
with, pathetic worship, dumb admira
tion, and, here and there, with a look!
of contemptuous resentment that was *
most curious. And. how those dusky*
sons of Mars were drinking deep Into •
their broad nostrils the incens* wafted •
to them from hedge and highway.
For a moment Grafton stopped still,
looking.
"Great!"
Below the majors'" terrace stood an
old sergeant, with a gray mustache
and a kind, blue eye. Each horse had*
his nose in a mouth bag -nd was con-,
tentedly munching corn, while a*
trooper affectionately curried him
from tip of ear to tip of taiL.
"Horse ever first and man ever
afterward is the trooper's law," said
Grafton.
"I suppose you'ye got the best colo
nel in the army," he added to the, sol
dier and with a wink at Crittenden.
"Yes, sir," said the guileless old ser
geant, quickly, and with perfect sert-'
ousness. "We have, sir, and I*m not*
savin' a wor-rd against the rest; sir."
The sergeant's voice was as kind as
his face, and Grafton soon learned
that he was called "the Governor"
throughout the regiment — that he was
a Kentuckian and a sharpshooter.
He had seen twenty-seven years of
service, and his ambition had been to
become a sergeant of ordnance. He
passed his examination finally, but he
was then a little too old. That almost"
broke the sergeant's heart, but the.
hope of a fight, now, was "fast healing*
it-.
"I'm from Kentucky, too," aald
Crittenden. The old soldier turned
. " "I knew you were, sir."
This was too much for, Grafton.
"Now, how on earth- — " and then he
checked himself— it was not hia busi
ness. ]Mte
••'You're a Crittenden.'? V <
•That's right," laughed the Ken-
THE SAN FRANCISCO I SUNDAY CALL.
2(Continued Next Sunday.)
fell swiftly, and the pines began their
nightly dirge for the many dead who
died 1 under them five and thirty years
ago. They had a new .andominous*
chant now to Crittendeh— a chant of
premonition for the strong men about
him who were soon to follow them.
Campfires began to glow out of . the
darkness far and near over the old.
battle field.
Around a little fire on the top of the
hill, .and in front of the colonel's tent,
sat the colonel, with kind. Irish face,
Irish eye, and Irish wit of tongue.
Near him the old Indian fighter, Chaf
fee, with strong brow, deep eyes, long
jaw, firm mouth, strong chin— the
long, lean face of a thirteenth century
monk- who was quick to doff cowl for
helmet. While they told war stories'-
Crittenden sat in silence with the
majors three, and WHIlngs, the sur
geon (whom he knew better in Cuba),
and listened. Every now and then a
horse would loom, from the darkness
and a visiting officer would swing Into
light and everybody would say:
"How!" .
There is no humor in that monosyl
lable of good cheer throughout the '
United States army, and with Indiari
like solemnity they said It, tin cup In
Once It was Lawton, tall, bronzed,
commanding. taciturn— but. fluent
when he did speak — or Kent, v or Sum
ner, or little Jerry Carter himself. And
once, a soldier stepped into the circle
of firelight his heels clicking sharply
together; and Crittenden thought an
uneasy movement ran around the
group, and that the younger men
looked furtively up as though to take
their cue from the colonel. It was the
soldier who had been an officer once.
The colonel showed not a hint of con
sciousness, nor did the impassive sol
dier to anybody but. Crittenden, and
with him it may have been imagina
tion that made him think that, once,
when the soldier let. his eye flash,
quite around the group, he flushed
slightly when he- met Crittenden's
gaze. Rivers shrugged'his shoulders
when Crittenden asked about him
later.
. "Black' sheep — well educated, brave,
well born most likely, came up-from
the ranks— won a commission- as ser
geant fighting Indians, but always in
trouble — gambling, fighting, and so
forth. Somebody in Washington got
him a lieutenancy, and while the com
- mission was on its way to him out
West he got into a bar room brawl.
He resigned then, and left the army. He
was gentleman enough to do that.
Now he's back. The type is common
in the army, and they often come
back. I expect he has ' ¦ decency
enough to want to get killed. If he
has, maybe he'll come out a captain '
yet." " ..: .->*.,
By and by came "tattqp/Vand final
ly far'awaya trumnet sounded'"taps;"
then another and another and another
still. At last . "when $ all were,;
through, "taps" rose once more out of
the darkness-- to the*-*lefc \This last |
trumpeter had waited'— he ."'knew .'us v
I theme.and^ knew- hls t^oweT. :^,The. rest,
had simply given the ' command^- *" .
"Lights out!'" W: : .;:
Lights out of the soldiers' .camp.:
they said. Lights out of. the/soldier's ,
life, said this one, sadly; and 'out., of v
Crittenden's life Just now something
that once was dearer than life Itself.
"Love, good night."
Such the trumpet meant, to one
poet, and such it meant to many an
other than Crittenden, doubtless, when
he stretched himself on his cot—
thinking of Judith there that after
noon, and seeing her hand lift to pull
away- the vet; from the. statues again.'
So it had always* been with him. One
touch of her hand and the veil that
hid his better self parted, and that
self stepped forth victorious. It had
been thickening, fold on fold, a. long
while* now; and how, he thought
sternly, the rending must be' done, .
and should be done with his own '
hands. And then he would go back
to thinking of her as he saw. her.last
In the bluegrass. And he. wondered
what that last look and smile of hers
could mean. Later, he moved I in. his
sleep — dreaming of that brave column
marching for Tampa— with hla mind's
eye on the flag at the head of the regi
/ment, and a thrill about his heart that
waked him. "And he remembered that
it was the first time he had ever had
any . sensation about the : flag of his
own land. But it had come to him—
awake and asleep— and it wasgenu-
J ine.
VI.
It was mid May now, and the leaves
were full and their points were droop
ing toward the ' earth. The woods
were musical w'th the cries of black
birds as Crittenden drove toward the
pike gate, and the meadow was sweet
with the love calls of larks. The sun
was fast nearing the zenith, and air
and earth were lusty with life. Al
ready the lane, lined with locust trees,
brambles, wild rose bushes and
young elders, was fragrant with the
promise of unborn flowers, and the
turnpike, when he neared town, was
soft with the dust of many a hoof
j and wheel that had passed over it to
ward the haze of smoke which rose
over the first recruiting camp In the
State for the Spanish war. There was
. a big crowd in the lovely woodland
over ¦ which hung the haze, and the
muslo . of horn and drum j came forth
to Crittenden's ears even that far
away, and Raincrow raised head and
tall and quickened his pace proudly. '
For a week he had drilled at Chick
amauga. He had done the work of a
plain soldier, and he . liked . it— liked
his temporary comrades, who were
frankly men to men with him, in
spite of 'his friendship with- their su
periors on top of the hill. To the big
soldier, Abe Long, the wag of the
regiment he had been' drawn with
genuine^ affection. He liked Abe's
bunkle, the boy; Sanders, who waa
from Maine, while Abe was a West
erner—the lineal descendant In frame,
cast of '¦', mind, and character of ' the
"Don't you Join any regiment yet,"
he said to Crittenden; "you may get
hung up here all summer till the war
is over. If you want to get Into the
fun for sure — wait Go to Tampa and
wait. You might come here, or go
there, and drill and watch for your
chance." "Which was the conclusion
Crittenden had already reached for
hlnself.
The sun sank rapidly now. Dusk
Along the brow of the hill, and but
faintly seen through the smoky haze,
came tha pendulum-like swing of
rank after rank of sturdy legs, with
guidons fluttering along the columns
and big, ghostly army wagons rum
bling behind. Up started the band at
the foot of the hill with a rousing
march, and up started every band
along the line, and through madly
cheering soldiers swung the. regiment
on its way to Tampa — magic word,
hope of every chafing soldier left bet
hind — Tampa, the point of embarka
tion for the little Island where waited
death or glory. Vi'l-.-r VS
. Rivers was deeply dejected.
"Yes, sir," said Crittenden.
"I knew it. Bless me. I was think
ing of him just that moment — natu
rally enough — and you startled me.
Thought it was Tom himself." He
grasped the Kentuckian's hand warm
ly.
"Yes," he said, studying his face.
"You look just as he did when we
courted and camped and fought to
gether." The tone of his voice fioved
Crittenden deeply. "And you are
going to the war — good — good! Your
father would be with me right now if
he were alive. Come to see me right
away. I may go to Tampa any day."
And, as he rode away, he stopped
again, "--^ti
"Of course you have a commission
In the Legion." *-".
"No, sir. I didn't ask for one. I
was afraid the Legion might not get to
Cuba." The general smiled.
"Well, come to see me," he smiled
again. "We'll see — we'll see!" and
he rode on with his hands still folded
on the pommel of his saddle and his
eyes still lifted, dreamily, upward.
It was guard mount and sunset
when Crittenden, with a leaping heart,'
reached Rivers' camp. The band was
just marching out ' with a corps of
trumpeters, when a crash of martial
music came across the hollow from
the camp on the next low hill/fol
lowed by cheers, which ran along the
road and were swollen into a mighty
shouting when taken up by the camp
at the foot of the hill. Through the
smoke and faint haze of . the early
evening, moved a column of infantry
into sight headed by a band.
\ "Tramp, tramp, tramp,
Th« boy« arc marching!"
its power. Behind him that nat'on
was patching up its one great quarrel,
and now a gray phantom stalked out
of the past to the music of drum and
fife, and Crittenden turned sharply to '
see a little body of men, in queer uni
forms, marching through a camp of
regulars toward him. They were old
boys, and they .went rather slowly, but
they stepped Jauntily and, in their
natty old-fashioned caps and old gray
jackets pointed -into a V-shape be
hind, they looked -jaunty in spite of
their years. Not a soldier but paused
to look at these men In gray, who
marched thus proudly through such a
stronghold of blue, and were not
ashamed. Not -a' man Joked or
laughed or smiled, for all knew that
they "were old Confederates in butter
nut, and once fighting men indeed.
All knew that these men had fought
battles that made scouts and Indian
skirmishes and city riots and, per
haps, any battles in store for them
with Spain but play by contrast for the
tin soldier, upon whom the regular
smiles with such mild contempt; that
this thin column had seen twice the
full, muster of the seven thousand
strong encamped there melt away up
on that very battle field In a single
day. And so the little remnant of
gray marched through an atmosphere
of profound respect, and on through
a mist of memories to the rocky little
point where the Federal 'Virginian
Thomas — "The Rock of Chickamau
ga" — stood against seventeen fierce
assaults of hill-swarming demons in
butternut, whose desperate valor has
hardly a parallel on earth, unless it
then and there found its counterpart
In the desDerate courage of the broth
ers in name and race whose lives they
sought that day. They were bound to
a patriotic love feast with their old
enemies in blue — these men In gray —
to hold it on the hill around the four
bronze statues that Crittenden's State
was putting up for her sons who fought
on one or the other side on that one
battle field,* aod Crittenden felt a
clutch at his heart and his eyes filled
when the tattered old flag of the stars
and bars trembled toward him. Un
der its folds rode the spirit of gallant
fraternity — a little, o'* man with a
grizzled beard and with stars on his
shoulders, his hands folded on the
pommel of his saddle, his eyes lifted
dreamily upward — they called him the
"bee hunter," from that habit of ! his
in the old war — : his father's old com
rade, little Jerry Carter. That was
the man Critte'nden had come South to
see. Behind came a carriage, -in
which sat a -woman in widow's weeds
and a tall girl in gray, i He did not
heed to look again to see that it was
Judith, and, motionless, he stood
where he was throughout the cere
mony, until he saw the girl lift her
hand, and the veil fall away from the
bronze symbols of the soldier that was
in her fathers and in his — stood reso
lutely still, until the gray figure dis
appeared. and • the veterans, blue and
gray intermingled, marched away.
The little general was the last to
leave, and he rode slowly, as if over
come . with memories. , Crittenden'
took off his hat and, while he
tated, hardly knowing whether to
make himself known or not, the little
man caught sight of him and stopped
short
"Why — why, bless my soul, arn't
you Tom Crittenden's son?"
"He was flipping at one shaft with
the cracker of his whip and not look
ing at her, and Judith kept silent; but
she was watching his face. .
"It's time," he went on, with slow
humor. "So far, I've missed being
what I should have been; doing what
T should have done— -by a hair's
breadth. I did pretty well in college,
but thereafter, things begin to count!
Law? I never got over the humiliation
of my first ridiculous failure. Busi
ness? I made a fortune in six weeks,
lost it in a month, and was lucky to
get out without having to mortgage a
farm. Politics? ¦ Wharton .won by a
dozen votes. I just missed being what
my brother is now- — I missed winning
you— everything! Think of it! I am
five feet eleven and three-quarters,
when I should have been full six feet"
I am the first Crittenden to fall under
the line In a century. I. have been
told" — he smiled — "that I have missed
being handsome. There again I be
lieve I overthrow Tamlly tradition. My
youth is going — to no purpose, so far
— and it looks as though I were going
to miss life hereafter as well as .here,
since, along with everything else, I
have just about mirred faith." •
He was quite sincere and unsparing,
H but had Judith been ten years older,,
she would have laughed outright- Aa
it was, she grew sober and sympa
thetic and. like a woman, began to
wonder, for the millionth time, per
haps, how far she had been to blame.
"The comfort I have is that I have
been, and still am, honest with my
self. I haven't done what I ought not
and then tried to persuade myself that
it was right. I always knew it was
wrong, and I did It anyhow. And the
hope I have Is that, like the man in
Browning's poem, I believe I always
try to get up again, no matter-, how
often I stumble. I shan't give up hope
until I am willing to He still. And I
guess, % after all — " he lifted his head
suddenly — "I haven't missed being a
man."
"And a gentleman," added Judith
gently.
"According to the -old standard; —
no." Crittenden paused.
The sound of buggy wheels «nd a
fast-trotting horse rose behind them.
Raincrow lifted his head and quick
ened his pace, but Crittenden pulled
him In as Basil and Phyllis swept by.*
The two youngsters were in high.
spirits, and the boy shook his whip
back and the girl her handkerchief —
both crying something which neither
Judith nor Crittenden could under
stand. Far behind was the sound of
another horse's hoofs, and Crittenden.
glancing back, saw his political enemy
— Wharton — a girl by his side, and
coming at full speed. At once he in
stinctively gave half the road, and
Raincrow, knowing what that meant,
shot out his feet and Crittenden tight
ened the reins, net to check, but to
steady him. The head of the horse
behind he could Just see, but he went
on talking quietly.
"I love that boy," pointing with his
whfp ahead. "Do you remember that'
passage 1 once read you In Stevenson
about hi? little brother"?"
Judith nodded.
The horse behind was creeping up
now, and his nostrils were visible past
the light hair blowing about Judith's
neck. Crittenden spoke one quiet
word to his own horse, and Judith saw
the leaders of his wrist begin to stand
out as Raincrow settled into the long
reach that had sent his sire a winner
under many a string.
"Well, I know what he meant — that
boy never will. And that is as a man
should be. The hope of the race isn't
in this buggy— it has gone on before
with Phyllis and Basil."
Once the buggy wheels ran within
an inch of a rather steep bank, and
straight- ahead was a short line of
broken limestone so common on blue
grass" turnpikes, but Judith had the
Southern girl's trust and courage, and
seemed to notice the reckless drive as
little as did Crittenden, who made the
wheels straddle the stones, when the
variation of an inch or two would
have lamed his horse and overturned
them.
"Oh, it was nothing, or everything,
just as you look at It. I made a dis
covery soon after you went .away. I
found that when I fell short of the
standard you" — Crittenden spoke
slowly — "had set for me, I gqt'at least
mental relief. I couldn't think of you
until — until I had recovered myself
again." . v;*^'
"I used the discovery."* i
"That was weak."
"It was deliberate." . *
"Then it was criminal."
"Both, if you wish; but credit, me
with at least the strength to- confess
and the grace to be ashamed.. Bat I'm
beginning all over again now — by my
self." v .-;-.
.-"I. was. ' Other men may have found
the fires of my conscience smoldering
sometimes, but they were always
ablaze whenever you came near. I
liked you better than the rest — better
than all — "
Crittend^n's heart gave a faint throb
and he finished the sentence for her.
"But one."
"But one."
And that one had been unworthy,
and Judith has sent him adrift She
had always been frank with Critten
den. That much he knew and no
more — not even. the man's name; but
how he had wondered who and where
and what manner of man he was! And
how he had longed to see him!
They were passing over a little
bridge in a hollow where, a cool cur
rent of air struck them and the fresh
ened odor/Of moistening green things
iw the creek bed — the first breath of
the night that was still below . the
cloudy horizon.
"Deterioration." said Judith, almost
sharply. "What did you mean by
that?" • %.;>.
Crittenden hesitated, and he added!
"Go on; 1 we are no longer children.""
The girl gave a low laugh. How
often" he had played this harmless lit
tle part. But there was a cool.self
possession about him that she had
never seen before. She had come
home, prepared to be nice to' him, and
she was finding it easy.
"And you never answered," said
Crittenden. ¦'¦¦ V. '¦¦'..';;
"No; and I don't know why."
The birds were coming from shade
and thicket — for midday had been
warm — into the fields arid along the
hedges, and were fluttering from one
fence rail to another ahead of them
and piping from the bushes by the
'wayside and the top of young weeds.
"You wrote that you were — 'getting
'over it' 'in the usual way?"
Crittenden glanced covertly at Ju
dith's fare. A mood In her like this
always made him uneasy.
"Not In the usual way; I don't
think it's unusual. I hope not." ¦
"How then?"
"Oh, pride, absence — deterioration
and other things."
"Why, then?"
Judith's head was leaning back
ward, her eyes were closed, but her
face seemed perfectly serious.
"You. told me to get over it"
"Did I?"
Crittenden did not deign to answer
this, and' Judith was silent a long
while. Then her eyes opened; but
they ;were looking backward again,
and she might have been talking to
herself.
? ; '<"Tm wondering," she said, "wheth
er any woman ever really meant that
when she ] said it to a man whom she
— " Crittenden turned quickly —
"whom she liked," added Judith, as
though she had not seen his move
ment. .''She may think It her duty to
: say it; she may say It because It is her
duty; but in her heart, I suppose, she
wants him to keep on loving her Just
the. same — if she likes him — " Judith
paused — "even more, than a very lit
tle. That's very selfish, but I'm afraid
It's true."
And Judith sighed helplessly. .
: - "I* think you made it little enough
that time," laughed Crittenden. "Are
you still afraid of giving me too much
hope?"
"I- am afraid of nothing— now."
"Thank you. You. were ever too
much concerned about me."
Judith smiled dreamily and her
eyes were' looking backward — very far
backward. Suddenly they were shot
with mischief.
"Why, you really don't seem to — "
she hesitated — "to like me any more^"
"I really don't — " Crittenden, too,
hesitated — "don't like you any more
—not as I did."
"You wrote me that."
"The smile at her mouth twitched
her lips faintly, and still Crittenden
did not see; he was too serious, and
he kepV silent
Bi The clock-like stroke of the horse's
high lifted feet came sharply out on
the hard road, j The cushioned springs
under; .them creaked 'softly now and
then;' and the hum of the slender^
glittering spokes was .noiseless and
drowsy.
".You haven't changed much," said
Judith, "except fdr the betten*><
"You, haven't changed at all. You
couldn't — for better or worse."
"Seven years ago," corrected Crit
tenden, grimly. "I was more self-in
dulgent seven years ago' than I am
now." .
"And the temptation was greater
then."- •¦
"For which y.ou have Mrs. Stanton
to thank. You /would have got it for
yourself five— dear me; is it possi
bje — five years ago."
happy. And now other mothers won
dered, how it was all done! In truth,
her method — If she had a conscious
method — was as mysterious and as
sure as is the way of nature; and one
could no more catch her nursing a
budding passion here and there than
one" could catch nature making the
bluegrass grow. Everybody saw the
result; nobody saw just how it was
done. Judith wanted to go home, and
Mrs. Stanton, who had brought her to
camp, wanted to go to town. Phyllis,
too, . wanted to go home, and her
wicked little brother, Walter, who had
brought; her, climbed Into Basil's
brake before her eyes, and, making a
face at her, disappeared in a cloud of
dust. Of course, neither of the brothers
nor the two girls knew what was go-
Ing on. but. a few minutes later, there
was Basil pleading with Mrs. Stanton
to let him take Phyllis home, and
there was Crittenden politely asking
the privilege of taking Judith into his
buggy. The girl looked embarrassed,
but* when Mrs. Stanton made a gra
cious feint of giving up her trip to
town. Judith even more graciously de
clined to allow her, and, with a smile
to Crittenden. as though he were a
conscious partner in her effort to save
Mrs. Stanton trouble, gave him her
hand and was helped into the smart
trap, ; with Its top pressed flat. Its nar
row seat and. a high headed, high
reined, half thoroughbred restive be
tween the slender shafts; and a mo
ment later, smiled a good by to the
placid, lady, who, with a sigh that was
half ' an envious memory, half the
throb of a big heart, turned to her
own carriage, assuring herself that it
really was imperative for her to drive
to town, if for no other reason than to
Bee that her mischievous boy got out
of town with the younger Crittenden's
brake.
Judith and Crittenden were out of
the push of cart, carriage, wagon and
street car now, and out of the smoke
and dust of the .town v and "Crittenden
pulled his horse down to a slow trot
The air was clear and fragrant and
restful. So far, the two had spoken
scarcely . a dozen words. Crittenden
was embarressed — he hardly knew
why—and Judith saw it, and there
was a suppressed smile at the corners
of her mouth which Crittenden did
not see."
"It's too bad." . ¦
Crittenden-turned suddenly.
"It's a great pleasure."
It was plain that the old ex-Confed
erate was the father of the regiment,
and was beloved as such; and Critten
den was again struck with the con
trast It all was to what he had Just
seen, knowing well, however, that the
chief difference was in; the spirit in
which regular .and volunteer" ap
proached the matter In hand. With
one, It was a business pure and sim
ple, to which he was trained.,,; With
the other, it was a lark at first, but
business it soon would be. and a dash
ing business at that. There -was the
same crowd before % the tent—Judith,
who greeted him wlih gracious frank
ness, but with,, a- humorous light fin
her eye that set him "wondering; and
Phyllis and Phyllis' mother, Mrs.
Stanton, who -no" sooner saw; Critten
den than she furtively looked at
Judith with a solicitude that was ma
ternal and significant
There can be no better hotbed of
sentiment than the mood of man and
woman 'when the man is going to war;
and if Mrs. Stanton had ; not shaken
that nugget of wisdom from her mem
ories of the old war, she would have
known it anyhow, for she was blessed
with a: perennial sympathy for the
heart troubles 5 f ; the young, and she
was as quick to apply a remedy to the
children of other, people as she was to
her own, whom, by the- way, she
cured, one! by one, af they grew old
enough to love and suffer, and -learn
through suffering what it was to be
"You are, indeed," 1 tie and
Phyllis turned • to i give BUsll a par tinf?
smile.
Crittenden' followed them to the
colonel's, tent, which had a raised
floor and the good cheer of cigar
.boxes, and of something. under his cot
that looked like a champagne basket ;
and he smiled to think of Chaff ee's
Spartan-llke outfit at Chickamauga.
Every* now a»d then • a soldier would
come up with a complaint, .and the
colonel would attend to him person
ally:" ?^.::^'>-v->: ¦ ¦ . *.".:
. And", she walked up to the helpless
sentinel with- her hand outstretched,
while the equally. helpless lieutenant
got Very red Indeed, and Basil shifted
his gun to a very unmilitary position
and held out His hand.
"Let me see your gun, Basil," sh«».
added,. and the boy obediently handed
it over to her, 'while the little lieuten
ant turned redder still.
.'"You go to the guardhouse for
that, .Crittenden," he said; quiett.y.
"Don't you know" you oughtn't to give
up your gun to anybody except y Mir
commanding officer?"
"Does he, indeed?": sa'd v thfi\girl,
Just as quietly. "Well, I'll see the col
onel." And Basil saluted soberly,
knowing | there was no guardhouse for
him that night • .
V~~ "Anyhow,"'/ she padded, "I'm the
commanding; officer;! here.".' And then
the gallant lieutenant; saluted .too. C
'.'Now, don't 'yo"u go putting on afc?,
just because you happen to have been
in the Legion a. little longer than some
people^-i-Of "'•'• eourse,\ I'm"' going " to
speak; to ; my' friends. I don't care
;where they, are or^ what they. happen
,tbbe at the*.time, or who happens, to
think himself, over them." ".
border backwoodsman of the Revolu
tion.- Reynolds was a bully, and Crit
tenden all but had trouble with him;
for he bullied the boy Sanders when
Abe was not around, and bullied the
"rookies." Abe seemed to have little
use for him. but as;he had, saved the
big soldier's life once in an Indian
fight, Abe; stuck to him, In conse
quence," loyally. But Blackford, the
man who had been an officer once,
had Interested him most; perhaps, be
cause Blackford showed peculiar
friendliness 'tor^ him at once. From
Washington^iBrittehden had heard not
a word ; nor from General Carter, -who
had left 'Chlckamauga' before he could
see him- again. If, within two days
more no word came Crittenden had
made up his mind to go to Tampa,
where the little general was, and
where Rivers' regiment had been or
dered, and drill again and, as Rivers
advised, await his chance.
The camp was like some great pic-'
nic or political barbecue, with the
smoking trenches, the burgoo, and
the central feast of beef and mutton
left, out. Everywhere country folks
were gathering up fragments of lunch'
on the thick grass, or strolling past
the tents of the soldiers, or stopping
before; the colonel's pavilion to look
upon the martial . young gentlemen
who composed his staff, their beauti
ful, horses, and the colonel's beautiful
guests from the river city— the big
town of the State. Everywhere were
young soldiers in 'twos "and threes
keeping step, to, be sure, 'but^vith eyes
anywhere but to the front; groups"
lying on the ground, chewing blades
of -Jt>luegrass, watching pretty girls
pass," and lounging lazily; groups to
one side, but. by no means-out of sight,
throwing dice or'playing "craps" — the
game dear to the darky's heart. On
the outskirts were guards to gently
challenge the visitors, but not very
stern sentinels were they. As Critten
den drove in .he saw one' pacing, a
shady beat with a girl on his arm.
And, later, as he stood by his buggy,
looking around -Jiyfth an amused sense
of the playful contrast it all was to -
what he had seen at Chlckamauga, he
saw another sentinel brought to. a sud
den halt by a surprised exclamation
from a girl, who was being shown
through the camp by a strutting lieu
tenant. The^sentinel was : .Basil and
Phyllis was the girl. :
"Why, Isn't that Basil?" she asked,
in an amazed tone— amazed because
Basil did not speak to her, but
grinned silently,
"Why, it is Basil; why — why," and
she turned -hejplessly from private to
officer and back again. "Can't you
speak to me, Basil ?" .
Basil grinned again sheepishly.
"Yes," he said, answering her, but
looking straight at his supeVior, "I
can If the lieutenant will let me."
Phyllis was, indignant. '•_.
'"Let you!" she- said, witherlngly;
and she turned on the hapless, tyrant
at her side. . - . . s *V
tuckian. The sergeant turned: A sol
dier came up and asked some trifling
question, with a searching look, Graf
ton observed, at Crittenden. Every
one- looked at that man twice, thought
Graf ton. __ and he looked again himself.
It was his manner, his • bearing, the
way his head was set on hrs shoulders,
the plastic force of his striking face.
But Crlttendon saw only that the ser
geant answered the soldier as'though
he were talking to a supe'rior. He had
been watching: the men closely — they
rrtight be his comrades some day —
and, already, had noticed, wrth in
creasing surprise, the character of the
men whom he. saw as common sol
diers — young, quiet and above the
average countryman in address and
Intelligence — and this man's face sur
prised him still more, as did his bear-
Ing. His face was dark, his eye was
dark and penetrating and passionate;
his mouth was reckless and weak, his
build was graceful, and his voice was
low and even — the voice of a gentle
rnari; he was the refined type of the
Western gentleman desperado, as Crit
tenden had imagined it from fiction
end. hearsay. As the soldier turned
away, the old sergeant saved him the
question he was about to ask.
. "He used to be an officer."
"Who — hoWs that?" asked Grafton,
scenting "a story."
The old sergeant checked himself at
<jnce. and added cautiously:
•. "He was a lieutenant in this regi
ment'and he resigned. He Just got
back to-day, and he has enlisted as a
private rather than risk not getting to
Cuba at all. But, of course", he'll get
his commission back again." The ser
geant's manner-fooled neither Grafton
nor Crittenden; both respected the old
sergeant's unwillingness to gossip
about a man who had been his supe
rior, and Grafton asked- no more ques
tions.
There was no Idleness In that camp.
JSach man was busy within and with
out the conical-walled tents in which
the troopers lie like the spokes of a
ti heel, -.vith heads, out like a covey of
partridges. Before one tent sat the
tall soldier — Abe — and the boy. his
comrade, whom Crittenden had seen
the night before.
"Where's* Reynolds?' ' asked Crit
tenden, smiling.
• "Guardhouse,", said the sergeant,
shaking his head.
Not- a scrap of waste matter was to
be seen anywhere — not a piece of
paper — not the faintest odor was per
ceptible; the camp was as clean as a
Dutch kitchen.
"And this is a camp of cavalry, mind
you." said Grafton. "Ten minutes af
ter they have broken camp, you won't
be able to tell that there had been a
man or horse on the ground, except
for the fact that It will* be packed
• down hard in places. And I bet you
that in a month they won't have three
men In the hospital." The old ser
geant nearly blushed with pleasure.
"An* I've got the best captain, too,
sir," he said, as they turned away, and
Grafton laughed. ,
"That's the way you'll find it all
through the army. Each colonel and
each captain is always the best to the
soldiers, and, by the ¦way," he went
on. "do you happen to know about
this little United States regular
army?".
"Not much."
"I thought so. Germany knows a
good deal — England. France, Prussia.
Russia- — everybody knows but the
American and the Spaniard. Just
look at these men. They're young,
strong. Intelligent — bully, good Ameri
cans. It's an army of picked men —
picked for heart, body and brain. Al
most each man Is an athlete. It is
tho finest body of men on God Al
mighty's earth, to-day, and everybody
on earth but the American and the
Spaniard knows It. And how this na
tion has treated them. Think of that
miserable Congress" — Grafton waved
his hands in impotent rag« and ceased
— Rivers was calling them from the
top of the hill.
So all morning: Crittenden watched
the regimental unit at work. He took
a saber lesson from the old sergeant.
He visited camps of Infantry and ar
tillery and, late that afternoon, he sat
on a little wooded hill, where stood
four draped, ghost-like statues —
watching these units paint pictures on
a bigger canvas below him* of the
army at work as a whole.
Every green Interspace below was
thickly dotted with tents and rising
.spirals of faint smoke; every little
plain was filled with soldiers, at drill.
Behind him wheeled cannon and cais
son and men and horses, splashed
; wlth prophetic drops of red. wheeling
at a gallop, halting, unllmbeiing,
loading, and firing Imaginary sheila at
Imaginary Spaniards — limbering and
off with a flash of metal, wheelspoke
and crimson trappings at a gallop
¦ again; I-n tha plain below were regi
ments of Infantry, deploying In skirm
ish line, advancing by rushes; beyond
them sharpshooters were at' target
practice, and Uttle bands of recruits
and awkwacd squads were every
where. In front, rose cloud after
cloud of dust, and, under them, surged
cloud after cloud of troopers at
mounted drill, all making ready for
the soldier's work — to kill with mercy
and die without complaint. What a
picture — what a picture! And what a
rich earnest of the sleerlng might of
the nation behind It all. Just under
him was going an "escort of the stan
dard," which he could plainly see.
Across the long drill ground the regi
ment — lit waa Rivers* regiment — stood,
a solid mass of silent, Hvrn8T statues,
and It was a brave sight that cams
now — that flash of sabers along the
long length of the drill field, like ona
leaping horizontal flame. It was a
regimental acknowledgment of the
honor of — esentatlon to the standard,
and Crittenden raised his hat gravely
In recognition of the same honor,
little dreaming that he was soon to
follow that standard up a certain Cu
ban hill. tf&MM
What a picture!
There the nation was concentrating
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL).
3(Continued on Pace Fire.)
I was next to broke. Why didn't I hold
my hand? Oh, why? Why? Why?"
And Fortune La Pearle would roll
upon the floor, vainly interrogating the
scheme of things. At such outbreaks
Uri said no word, rave no sign, save
that his gray eyes seemed to turn dull
and muddy, as though from lack of
Interest. There was nr thing In common
between these two men, and this fact
Fortune grasped sufficiently to wonder
sometimes why Uri stood by him.
But the time of waiting came to an
end. Even a community's blood lust
cannot stand before Its gold lust. The
murder of John Randolph had already
passed into the annals of the camp,
and there it rested. Had the murderer
appeared the men* of Nome would cer
tainly have stopped stampeding long
enough to see Justice done, whereas the
whereabouts of Fortune La Pearle was
no longer an Insistent problem. There
'Was gold- In the creek beds and ruby
beaches and, when the sea opened, the
men, with healthy sacks, would sail
away to where the rood things of life
were sold absurdly cheap.
So one night Fortune helped Urt
Bram harness the dogs and lash the
sled, and the train took the winter trail
south on the ice. But It waa not all
south; for they left the sea. east from
St. Michael, crossed the divide, and
I struck the Yukon at Anvik, many
hundreds of miles from It» mouth.
Then on, into the northeast, past Koy
okuk, Tanana and Mlnook, till they
rounded the Great Curve at Fort
Yukon, crossed and recrossed the
Arctic Circle, and headed south
through the Flats. It was a weary Jour
ney, and Fortune would have wondered
why the man went with him had
not Uri told him that he owned claims
and had men working at Eagle. Eagle
lay on the edre of the line; a few miles
further on the British flag waved over
the barracks at Fort Cudahy. Then
came Dawson, Pelly, the Five Fingers,
might know. He was narrow but deep;
and Fortune, his own humanity broad
and shallow, could make nothing of
him. Did Uri sing when merry and sigh
when sad he could have understood;
but as it was the oryptlo features were
undecipherable; he could not measure
the soul they concealed.
"Lend a hand, Mister Man," Uri or
dered, when the cups had been emptied.
"We've got to fix up for visitors."
• Fortune purred his, name for the
other's benefit and assisted under-,
standingly. The bunk was built
against a side, and end of the cabin.
It was a rude affair, the bottom being
composed of driftwood logs overlaid
with moss. At' the foot the rough
ends of these timbers projected In an
uneven row. From the side next the
wall' Uri ripped back the moss and
removed three of the logs. The Jag
ged ends he sawed off and • replaced,
so that the projecting row remained
unbroken. \ Fortune carried in sacks
of flour from the cache and piled them
on the floor ; beneath the aperture.
On these Uri laid a pair of sea bags,
and over all spread several thtek
nesies of moss and blankets. Upon
this Fortune could lie, with the sleep-
Ing furs stretched over him from one
side of the bunk to the other, and all
men could look upon it and declare
it empty.
In ( the weeks which followed several
domiciliary visits were paid, not a
shack or .tent in Nome escaping, but
Fortune lay In his cranny undisturbed.
'In fact, little attention was given; to
Uri Bram'a cabin, for It was the last
place under the sun "to expect to find
the murderer of John Randolph. Except
during^ such interruptions, Fortune
lolled about .the cabin, playing long
"games of solitaire and smoking endless
cigarettes. Though I his volatile nature ¦
loved reniality/ the play of words and
laughter, he '"quickly accommodated
himself to Uxi's taciturnity.' Beyond the
• actions and plans of rhls pursuers, - the
state of the trails and the price of dogs
they* never' talked; and. these ; things
were ' only ; discussed ' at rare intervals
and briefly. But Fortune fell to working
out a system, and hour after hour and
day after day he shuffled and dealt,
shuffled and dealt, noted the combina
tions of the cards In Ions columns, and
shuffled and dealt again. Toward the
end even this absorption failed him,
and, head : bowed upon the table, he
visioned the lively all night houses of
Nome, where the ramekeepers, and
lookouts worked in shifts and the clat
tering roulette ball never slept. At such
times his loneliness and bankruptcy
stunned him till he sat for hours In the
same unblinking, unchanging position.
At other times his long pent bitterness
found voice in passionate outbursts; for
he had rubbed the world the wrong way
*nd did not like the feel of it.
"life's a skin rame.**. he was fond of
repeating, and on this one note he rang
the changes. "I never had half a
chance," he complained. "I was faked
in my birth and fllmfiammed with- my
mother's milk. The dice were loaded
when she tossed the box, and I was
born to prove the loss. But that was no
reason she should blame me for it and
look, on me as a cold deck; but she did
—aye, she did. Why didn't she give me
* show? Why, didn't the world? Why
did I go broke in Seattle? Why did I
take the steerage and live like a hog to
Nome? Why did I go to El Dorado? . I
was heading for Big Pete's and only
went for matches. Why didn't 'I have
matches?. Why did I want to smoke?
Don't you see? All worked. out, every
'bit of It, all parts fitting snug. Before
I was born,, like, as not. TU put the
sack I never hope to get on it, before I
was born. !Th»fs whyl -That's why
I John Randol: JK passed , the word and
his checks in Xc the same time. Damn
him! It served him well right! .Why
didn't he keep his tongue between his
teeth and give me a chance? He knew
heels, looking high and low, what dc
I want with your shack? I want to
get out of here — away, away, away!
Cursed swine! I've half a mind to go
back and run muck and settle for a
few of. them*, the pigs! One gorgeous,
glorious fight and end the. whole damn
business. It's a skin gam?, that's what
-life -is, and I'm sick of it!"
He " stopped, appalled, crushfxi by
his great ' desolation, and Uri Bram
seized the moment. He was not g-iven
to speech, thi3 man, and that which
followed was the longest in his life,
save one long afterward in another
place. •
"That's why \ told you about my
shack. I can stow you there so they'll
never find you. and I've got grub in
plenty. Else wise you can't get away.
Xo dogs, no nothing, the sea closed.
St. Michael the nearest post, runners
to carry the news before you, the
same over the portage to Anvil; — not
a chance in the world for you. Now
wait till It blows over. They'll for
get all about you in a month or less.
what of stampeding to York and what
not, and you can hit the trail under
their noses and they won't bother.
I've got my own Ideas of justice. When
I ran after you out of El Dorado and
along the beach it wasn't to catch you
or rive you up. My ideas are my
own and that's. not one of them."
He ceased as the murderer drew a
prayer book from his pocket With the
aurora borealis glimmering yellow In
the northwest, heads bared to the frost
and naked hands grasping the sacred
book. Fortune La Pearle swore him to
the words he had spoken — an oath
which Uri Bram never intended break-
Ing and never broke.
At the door of the shack the gambler
hesitated for an instant, marveling at
the strangeness of this man, who had
befriended him, and doubting. But by
the candlelight he found the cabl '
comfortable and without occupants,
and he was quickly rolling a cigarette
while the other man made coffee. His
muscles relaxed In the warmth and he
lay back with half -assumed indolence,
Intently studying Urt's face through
the curling wisps of smoke. It was
a powerful face, but its strength
was of that peculiar sort which
stands girt In and unrelated. The
seams were deep-graven, more like
scars, while the stern features were
In no way softened by hints of
sympathy or humor. Under prominent
bushy brows the eyes shone cold and
gray. The cheekbones, high and for
bidding, were undermined by deep hol
, lows. The chin and. Jaw displayed a
steadiness of purpose which the narrow
. forehead advertised as single, and, if
, needs be, pitiless. Everything was
' harsh, the nose, the lips, the voice, the
lines about the mouth. It was the face
1 of one who communed much with him
. self, unused to seeking counsel from the
! world; the fnce of one who wrestled oft
of night with angels, and rose to face
s the day with shut lips that no man
Windy Arm, Cartbu Crossing, Under- ••
nun, the Chilcoot and Dyea,
On the mornlntT after passing Earl*
they rose early. This was their last
camp, and they were now to part. Far- .
tuna's heart was light. There was a .
promise of spring In the land, and the
flays were rrowinr longer. The way
was passing Into Canadian territory' ¦
Liberty was at hand, the sun was re
turning, and each day saw him nearer
to the Great Outside. The world was
biff, and he could once again paint his' ¦
fortune In royal red. He wbistle'd abo'ut
the breakfast and hummed snatches .of
llrht sonr while Uri put the dogs In j
harness and packed up. But when all
was ready. Fortune's feet Itching? to be
off, Uri pulled an unused backlog .to
the fL-e and sat down. .'>-*..
"Ever hear of. the Dead Horse
Trail?"
He rlanced up meditatively and For- -
tune shook his head, Inwardly chafing
at the.delay..- : .
"Sometimes there are meetings under
circumstances which make men re
member," Uri continued, speaking in a
low voice and very slowly,. '.'and I met
a man under such circumstances on the
Dead Horse TraiL Freighting an out
fit over the tVhlte Pass In '97 broke
many a man's heart, for there waa a*
world of reason when they rave that
trail its name. The horses died, like
mosquitoes in the first frost, and from
Bkagway to Bennett they- rotted in
heaps. They died at the Rocks, they
were poisoned at the summit and they
starved at the Lakes: they fell off the.
trail, what. there was of It, or they
went through it: in the river they .
drowned under their loads, or -were ,
smashed to pieces against the boulders;
they snapped their legs in the crevices
and broke their backs falling backward
with their packs: In the slourhs they
sank from sight or smothered in the -
slime, and they were disemboweled, in
the bogs- where the corduroy log*
turned end up in the mud; men shot
them, worked them to death, and whan
they were gone went back to the beach
and bought more. Some did not bother ¦
to shoot them, stripping the saddles off
and the shoe* and leaving them where
they fell. Their hearts turned to atone
—those which did not break— and they
became beasts, the men of Dead Horse
Trail. ,'/./.-¦
"It was there I met a man with the
heart of a Christ and the patience. And* •
he was honest. When he rested at mid
day be took the packs from the horses
so that they, too, might rest.' He paid -
$50 a hundredweight for their (odder,
and more. He used his own bed to
blanket their backs when they rubbed
raw. Other men let the saddles eat
holes the six* of water buckets. Other
men, when the shoes rave out, let
them wear their hoofs' down to tne
bleeding stumps. He spent his last dol
lar for horseshoe nails. I know this,
because we slept in the one bed and
ate from the one*' pot, and became blood
brothers where men lost their grip of
trilnrs and died blaspheming God. He
was never too tired to ease a strap or
tighten a cinch, and often there was
tears In his eyes when he looked on all
that waste of misery. At a passage In
the rocks, where the brutes upreared
bindlerred and- stretched their forelegs
upward like cats to clear the wall, the
way was piled with carcasses where
they had toppled back. And here he
stood, in the stench of hell, with a
cheery word and a hand on the rump
at the right time, till the string passed
by. And when one bogged he blocked
the trail till It was clear again; nor did
the man live who crowded him at such
time. ,'
"At the end of the trail a man who
had killed fifty horses wanted to buy,
but we looked at him and at our own—
' mountain- cayuses .from Eastern Ore
! gon. Five thousand he offered, and we
¦ were broke, but we remembered the
i poison grass of the summit and the
• passage In the rocks, and the man who '
1 was my brother spoke no word, bufdi
1 vlded the eayuses into two bunches*—
.. "I am Uri Bram," the other said sim
ply, "and my snack is over there on the
edge of camp. • I don't know who you
are, but you've thrust the soul from a
"Ilvlnir* man's, body— there's the blood
red on your sleeve, .and, like a second
Cain, the hand of all mankind Is against
you, and "there is. no place you may lay
your head. Now, I have a shack—"
"For the fove of your mother, hold
your say, man." Interrupted Fortune La
Pearle, "or I'll make you a second Abel
for the joy of It. So help me. I will!
With a thousand men to lay me by the
Url Bram shrugged his shoulders. "It
don't matter much, anyhow. I want you
to co*me with me."
"Where?" . .*¦
• "To my Eback. over on the edre of the
camp."- ;r,"
But Fortune La. Pearle drove the heel
of his moccasin into the snow and at
tested* by^ his various deities to the
madness 6*f Uri Bram. "Who are you?"
he perorated, "and what am I, that' I
should put my neck into the rope at
your bidding?"
- The tfhaiow had' assumed tangible
chape, and at the spund of Its human
voice a trepidation affected Fortune
La. Fearte'a. knees, and his stomach
was stricken with the qualms of sud
.den relief. * ; '
Perhaps things fell out differentlr
because, Uri Bram had no run that
night when he sat on the hard benches
of the El Dorado and saw murder done.
To that fact also might be attributed
the trip on the Long Trail which h«
look .subsequently with a most unlikely
comrade. But be it as it may, he re
"peated a second time: "Don't shoot.
Can't you' see" I haven't a run?"
. "Then- what, the flaming hell did you
take after me ; for?" demanded the gam-
Ibler. lowering his revolver.
A .swift intuition flashed upon him.
leaving in its" trail] the' cold chill of
superstition. The. persistence . of the
Ghadaw he* Invested with his gam
bler's, eyirfbolism. Silent, inexorable,
not to*' be shaken off, he .took it as the
fate which- awaited" at the last turn
when" chips were cashed in and gains
and losses counted up: Fortune La
Pearle t>eliftve£ in those. rare, Illumin
ating- moments, when the intelligence
flung-. frftm it time and space, to rise
naked through eternity and read the
facts -of life from ihe open -book of
rfiance. That this was such a moment
he lia.d no doubt; and when he turned
Inland an/I sped .across the Bnow-cov
«>red tundra "he was not startled be
cause the shadow took upon it greater
deflniteness and drew in closer. Op-
Rressed'with his own impotence, he
.halted in the mld«t of the white waste
and .whirled about. His right hand
sUpped from Its mitten; and a revolver
at , level glistened In the pal* Jlght of
the -stars. '-•
¦ "Don't shoot. I haven't & run."
"TCepyrtfht by McClure. rnimps * Co.)
FORTUNE LA PEAHLE crushed
his way through the snow, sob
¦ bing, stFaining, cursing his luck,
Alaska, Nome," the cards and the
man who 'had felt his knife. The hot
blood was freezing on his hands, and
the scene yet bright in his eyes— the
man clutching the', table and sinking
elowly to the floor; the rolling counters
end the scattered deck; the swift shiv
er throughput the room, and the pause;
the gamekeepers no longer calling, and
the clatter of the chips dying away;
the startled faces; the infinite silence
of the instant.. ?ind then the great
blood-roar and the' tide of vengeance
¦which lapped h's heels, and turned the
town^mad behind him.
"All hell's .broke .loose," he sneered,
turning aside in thedarkness and head-
Ing: for the beach. - Lights were flash
ing from open doors, and tent, cabin
end .dance hall let slip their denizens
upon the chase. The cla-mor of men and
howling: of dogs Emete his ears and
quickened his feet. He ran on and on.
The oounfls grew dim and the pursuit
dissipated itself .in .vain rage ar.d aim
. leefi groping. But- a flitting shadow
clung to him. Head thrust over shoul
der, he caught glimpses of It, now t tak
ing vague shape on an open expanse of
enow, now merging into the deeper
fhcdoTVG of Borne darkened cabin or
beach-listed '. craft.
. Fortune La Pearle swore like a wom
fin— weakly, -with; the hint of tears that
come of -exhaustion— and. plunged deep
er into the maze, of heaped ice, tents
end prospect polos. ¦ He stumbled over
taut hawsers and piles o£ old dunnage,
tripped on crazy guy ropes and-insane
ly planted pegs, and fell again and
again upon, jrozeh dumps end mounds
of hoarded driftwood. At times, when
he deemed he had drawn clear, his
head, dizzy with the painful pounding
of his heart and Ihe 'suffocating intake
of his breath,, "he slaclrened down, and
ever the shadow- leaped out of the
Kloom and \ forced him '. on yi heart
breaking flight." . -'
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALIl
WHICH MAKE MEN REMEMBER
4Concerning Conservatism.
Ills In the one hand and mine'
in the other— and "he look
ed at -me and we under
stood each other. So he
drove mine -to the <Jne
-Bide and I drove his
to the other, and we
took with us our
rifles and shot
' them to the last,
one. while the man"
who had killed flrty
horses cursed us.
till' his throat
.cracked. But that
man, with* whom I
welded* -blood
brothership !on the
D e-a d orae
Trull- 1 -" \
"Why, that man
was John Ran-.'
dolph." ' "Fortune,
sneering the while,
completed the climax
for him.
TJri nodded and said:
"I am glad you under
stand." .
"I am ready," For
tune, answered,, the old,
weary bitterness strong in"
his face again. "Go ahead,
but hurry.'*
Uri Bram rose to hte feet.
•1 have had faith in God all the days
of my We. I believe he loves justice.
1 believe he is looking down upon me
now. choosing between- us. I believe he
waits to work' his will through my own
right arm. And such is my belief, that
we will take equal chance and let him
ipeak his own Judgment." .
Fortune's heart leaped at the words. #
He did not know" much concerning
XJri's God, <but he believed In chance,
and chance had been coming his way
ever since the night he ran down the
beach and across the snow. "But
there is only one gun," he objected.
> "We will flre turn about," Uri re
plied, at the same time throwing out
the cylinder of the other man's Colt
arid examining it.
2 "And the cards to decide 1^ One hand
of seven up!" ¦ : '¦"•'..
Fortune's blood was warming to tha
game and he drew the deck from his
pocket as . Uri nodded. Surely chance
— -mild not desert -him now! He thought
of the returning sun as he cut
(or deal, and he thrilled
when he "found the
deal was his. He
shuffled and
dealt; and Uri
cut him the
jack of spades.
«
(Continued From Pace Four.)
OTnCH MAKES
MEN EEMEMBER
ilight and strangely familiar. "I can
not let » you go without thanking you
for your timely rescue, ¦ for my very
life itself," she was beginning, when
he turned and the light fell full upon
his face. He heard her catch her
breath, like a stifled sob, "Jack! Jack
Gerald!" and there, before the eyes
of the old driver and the Mexicans/she
fell to crying in his outstretched arms
for very gladness, while he, with the
dead men at their feet and the wound
ed moaning In the shadow . of the
trees, bowed ills head and thanked
the God of his childhood that had Bent
him to the rescue of the Anguilla stage.
They la ld dpwn their hands. Ori's
was bare of trumps, while he held
ace deuce. The outside seemed very
near to him as they stepped off the
fifty paces. 0
"If God withholds his hand and you
drop me. the dogs and outfit are yours.
You'll find a bill of sale already made
out In my pocket," Urt explained,
facing the path of the bullet, straight
and- broad-breasted.
Fortune shook a vision of the sun
shining on the ocean from his eyes and
took aim. He was very careful. Twice
he lowered as the spring breeze shook
the. pines. .But .the third time he
dropped on one- knee, gripped the re
volver steadily, in both hands and flred.
Uri whirled half about, threw up his
arms, swayed wildly for" a moment,
and sank into the. snow. But Fortune
knew' he had fired too. far to one side,
else tne man would riot have whirled.
When Uri, mastering the flesh and
struggling to hl3 feet, beckoned for the
weapon, Fortune was minded " to fire
again. But he' thrust the - Idea" from
lilm. Chance had been very good to
him already, he felt.' and If he tricked •
now he would have to pay for it after-:'
ward." No, he would play fair. Besides
XJri was hard hit and could not possibly
hold- the heavy Colt long enough, to'
draw a bead- \ • • ' . . . >: . ' •" ".
"And where. is your God now?" he
taunted, as he. gave the wounded man
the revolver. * *.V. .'
And Uri answered : -"God has not yet
"spoken. Prepare that he miy. speak." •
Fortune faced him. but twisted his
chest sideways in order to present-less
surface. 'Uri tottered about drunkenly, 1
but waited, too, for the moment's calm ,
between the catspaws. [ The revolver
was veryiheavy, and .he -doubted; like'
Fortune, because of its weight.-. ¦ But
he 'held It, arm extended, above his.
head, and then let it slowly drop 'for*
ward and down. . At the Instant For
tune's l.eft breast arid the sight flashed
into line with his eye he pulled' .the.
trigger^ Fortune did not whirl, but gay
San Francesco dimmed and faded, and •
a.s the sunbrfght snow turned black
and blacker he breathed his last male
"dlctlqa on the chance he had misplayed.
By Billy Burgundy.
MAN WHO GOT WELL,
ANYHOW.
PEOPLE WHO BLOCK THE WAY
yOU are hurrying along a narrow
street, Intent on some errand,
when suddenly a form looms up
big, bulky, unyielding. Right in
your path, it at once arrests your
progress. The man acts as if the
street belonged to him alone.- You
have to back and tack and' if finally,
after a long detour, you succeed in
getting around him you are delayed
quite a bit in your Journey and the
"blocker" gazes at you resentfully, as
he resumes his wonted position in the
middle of the way.
The big, obstinate man in the mid
dle of the narrow street is the type
of the individuals who make a point
of interposing objections and obsta
cles to every progressive step. Now
the radical needs the conservative
perhaps and the conservative needs
the radical. One acts as a wholesome
check upon th* other arid the world
gets on because of the action and In
teraction of these two great forces.
We must have a certain number of
careful watchdogs over against every
State or national treasury. But when
a man conceives of his position in the
church or the community to be sim
ply that! of a brakeman, to bring
things to a halt as often and as quick
ly as possible, he is something more
than a conservative. He becomes a
reactionary and he would better get
up in a. cab and ride with the engin
eer a while. ¦ -.
Think of the way s.cial and industrial
progress \ la handicapped by ultra-con
servatism. In almost every place a lit
tle j knot of earnest, patriotic, disinter
ested men and women are working, for
a finer, public spirit and a better social
order. , m They would see more comfort
able and safer, dwellings for the poor,
more education^ 1 opportunities for, the
unprivileged, 'a ; wiser expenditure of
the —bile, moneys, a more beautiful
city from the point of yiewi of both es
thetics arid of morals. But how often
they , are * hampered by people not all
equally disinterested, whV block the
way. Sometimes, too, corporate Inter
ests erect themselves is an Impassable
wall -tainst which the reformer pushes
in vain. . ¦ K •
. To com* a little nearer the region of
personal life, one cannot help thinking
of the people, who make It harder for
other people to be, good. A wife nags
her husband, or, a husband nags his
wife simply because one or the other is
trying to be his or her best self. . A
high minded promising youth becomes
Interested in religion, and straightway
he is the target for the jokes and ridi
cule of nearly all his associates in the
shop or factory. There are people who
delight to bow the seeds of scepticism
and infldeli.ty in youthful minds, to
point. out trivial mistakes in the Bible,
to argue plausibly in favor of the non
existence of anything more substantial
and enduring than the things which our
eyes behold and our hands handle.
' ; It is . poor business , this .blocking the
way for somebody else, into the king
dom of righteousness and truth.
THE PARSON.
the toast.
¦¦¦BasK^gESPj NCE upon a time
&$£y?^5|85j5?< 1 there lived In the
I'iilG'Q^yJii* whicn ls situated in
flraS^^KV Chillfield County,
S'^<Nyi»^rP<^ I midway between Mi
p^—^ IZ7 — I] asmaburg and Ty
phustown, a geezer
of the name of Ailman Shivers.
¦ Ailman worked for the local drag
fist That is, the pillsmlth got all that
Ailman made by shipping frog legs to
the Eastern market, far he had the
goshdlngmythrofiritis of the lnfernal
fibustofrangiphasteum — if there is
such a thing to be had in this country.
Ailman I was put wise to the fact
that he was in bad health by a circu
lar which came to him by mall from a
patent medicine factory. The circu
lar stated that nine out of every ten
persons had something the matter
with them which could be cured by
taking from one to six bottles of Com
pound Extract of Do-Fine.
On the back of the circular there
was a symptom blank which made It
very easy for a person to find out
whether he needed the remedy or not.
The questions, In part, were as fol
lows:
Q. Does eating affect your appe
tite? A. —
Q. Does hard work make you feel
tired? A. — /
Q. Do you feel the heat In summer?
A. —
Q. Does the loss of money make you
low-spirited? A. —
Q. Does spinning around make you
diszy? A. —
- Q. Do you yawn when you are
sleepy? A.— . •
Q. Do you feel that you are growing
old? A. —
If the answers were "Yes" the medi
cine should be taken . at once. If the
answers were "No" it should » be taken
anyhow.
While It was not absolutely neces
sary to fill out the blank and send It In
to the main office, it was advisable to
do so for the reason that Compound
Extract of Do-Fine always works 'bet
ter when the patient puts his troubles
down in writing. v
Wrapped around each bottle of the
Copyright, 1903, by Steve Floyd, N. Y.
• Finally a traveling* doctor with lonr
hair struck Agueviile. Ailman consult
ed him $10 worth. The doctor told him
that he had swallowed a lizard while
drinking spring water and prescribed
for him some powders which amelled
like an antiquated tss- The. doctor's
departure Is said to have saved All
man's life.
The invalid next stacked tip against
a remedy recommended by a friend
who claimed that It had cured several
persons who had been given up by doc
tors. But there was nothing doing in
the way of an Improvement in All
man's condition. No matter how hard
he tried to get on edge, he continued
to go to the bad.
Well, in time Ailman went broke,
and could not even raise the price of &
trial bottle of medicine. Then he lost
his eyeglasses and could read no more
circulars. Then he became deaf and
could not hear advice, so he promptly
became hale, fat and sassy.
Moral— The smaller the dose, the
shorter the spell.
remedy there was a little booklet which
explained everything. Ailman read
each one. Then he was convinced that
he was 111 and would have to be care
ful. 'S',:\; *':.V .*%£.'-;
When- he had consumed the six bot
tles he felt no better and began to
worry and losa flesh. He switched and
went up agaisst another advertised
sure-cure to the extent of a dozen bot
tles. Still be did not round-to.
In time It became noised around
Agueviile that Ailman was la a bail
way. When Widow ilullenleaf got
wind of It sbe sent him a pint of herb
tea which had been used by her family
for more than forty years. Ailman
started In on It, but before he had
taken one-half Deacon Sudraiser heard
of his sad plight and persuaded him to
try a prescription which his grand
father, who was a cracking good doc
tor, had used with wonderful results.
After trying it without success. All
man's friend, Erasmus Mudfudder, in
duced him to throw the concoction out
of the window and get well by using
his stand-by, which was an infusion
made of a root he 'had bought from an
old eauaw who kept the place of Its
growth a secret. It did him no good.
" 'I don't object to cards,' the old boy
went on, 'though I never play myself,
bein' a Presbyterian and a deacon, and
I've often lent my stone for a quiet
game of whist or casino-^but further
than that I don't go.'
"A cold breeze whispered through the
weeping willows around, and the poor
old gentleman shivered so he became a
mere blur.
" 'I wish I was a hunter, I do,' he
said when he had rectified his outlines,
'but I've no friends nor relatives living
and no home in consequence.' He sort
of choked here, and his ton. was so sor
rowful that even I could hardly keep
from weeping. It seemed a sad and
lenely thing.
"I hated to bother him in bis sorrow,
but I really wanted to know, so I asked
him if he was compelled to haunt only
relatives.
" 'Unless you have an hereditary
ghostshlp for a term of years,' he re
plied. 'We used to have some condi
tional limitation ghosts, but they've
dropped off. Ghostships limited to end
on the happening of some condition —
such as finding burled money, or burial
of one's bones in consecrated ground,
or the !
"Just then way off somewhere a
cock began to crow,- and as true
as I am sitting here on this ver-
" 'And who belongs to the club?' I
asked.
" 'They call themselves choice spir
its, but I don't like such choiceness.
They raise the devil in there some
nights, I've heard 'em say, and gamble
their souls away. Don't you hear the
rattle of the bones?'
"I listened and thought I heard a fa
miliar sound. • •„. • ¦
: ' • ' l " hoyse . from a storm,
had felt the pree -«»• cf horrible, black
draped figures movin abo- him, and
had- seen: during a lifbtnlng flash the
face of a- -woman hideously distorted
pressed egainst- the window. .Wilson
eajd.he Knew this to be txue, because
tbe .map iwaa a chum of his and had
gon« insane from 'fright. There was
BUence after the tale, broken only by
the clink- pf ice In the long glasses, and
the sound of liquid passing. down many
throats. : ' •'
'"It's, curious to' know." commentea
Jerry Holden. "that ghosts are always
eo beastly dreadful. • They ore- never
•amiable and chatty : and familiar ex
cept in books." •' . ; ;•
Said Dapperly as he cocked his
legs on the railing; "That's all you
.know. You ridicule, ghosts generally,
'because you only hear the highly col
.cred stories of people : who run away
before they really get acquainted with
the epecters. They axe not such, fools
as they look, and I know what .1 am
' talking about. I met one last March,
anfl ha was as pleasant and sensible
.as. you ¦ please. You. remember when
Raetmrn "was married last spring? Of
cputse I. had a bid to his good-by
dinner. I was living In Jersey then—
Batblngharst-in-the-Plnes, nee Jones-
Vine. It was after 12 when I caught
the owl train from 'town, and .consid
erably later when I walked up the
main street. ' * . ' ;:
¦ ''There is a Tnort cut to my house
past an old church, and a praveyard.
I -didn't particularly care for irave
yards late at night — not afraid, you
know, but they are sort of ghoulish and
creepy, and I wouldn't have taken this
cut only I was in a. hurry to get home.
However,- the place seemed quiet and
peaceful enough. The gravestones
¦etanding out white In the moonlight
were the nearest to spectral forms
that I saw" until I reached the en
trance gate. Near that is an old-fash
ioned table stone— «lab- on four legs,
you know— and I tell. you, boys, the
chills played tag up and dow*h my
back when I saw sitting on It the fig
ure of anr old gentleman clad In a by-»
gone fashion and having a sort of white
cloak gathered around his shoulders.
"The flgure was translucent, with a
shimmery whiteness caused by the re
flected light from the stone beneath.
Curiously enough, I could read the in
scription on the stone right through it:
'Silas Stubbs, departed this life Decem
ber 2, 18<5/
"He was rather short, was Stubbs.
His legs were curled up and his arms
folded about him as though he were
chilly. Waves of cold were rippling
over him Just like wind over a wheat
field."
|T ¦'¦¦"I'W'.rJKXJ HEY had been telling
H ~,f\f rfcSYh**^ ghost .stories on the
r K5 r^JJi veranda cf the club
li 3? 5*^ house,, an I Wilson
I! f*5£r had just " ended one
I fft" ffiS wherein a. man, tak
. WM.vJr.-li' fCSM i ng refug© in an old
" 'Oh, very well,' answered he.' 'I'll
say no. more about it. I'm a bit testy,
perhaps.'
" 'It's right chilly, and that's a fact,'
he said, drawing his legs up closer and
hugging himself the tighter, 'and I wish
the directors of this City of Peace
would be a little more careful about
the drainage. Last Friday the rain
leaked in on me so that when mid
night came I was positively glad to
climb up. out of the wet and sit on this
stone of mine. If- people only knew
what a convenient form of monument
this was there would be more of them
put up, I can tell you. You can sit on
it or under it, and the only improve
ment I can suggest is a cushion. When
the only seat a man can call his is the
sharp edre of a stone, why he wants
all the trimmings. Then, too, it's often
chilly," he added, coughing violently.
"H© seemed such a chatty old party
that I felt quite easy with him by this
time, and suggested that it was rather
imprudent in him to be out without an
overcoat. 'I shouldn't think,' I added,
'that you ought to be out in the night
air any way, at your age/
" 'I can't help it,' said he. 'You ought
to know well enough that at 12 precise
ly "churchyards yawn and graves give
up s their dead." Shakespeare called it
a witching hour, but I'll wager he don't
think bo now— unless he's got hold of
something good In the haunting line.
It's the biggest piece of foolishness I
know of,' he burst out impatiently.
•Just take my case. Sixty years ago I
was a decent, respectable merchant,
brought up to rise early and go to bed
early. After I had my supper I read
the paper and then locked up, put pn
my nightcap and slept. And yet here
am I, by gravy, obliged to get out of
a comfortable grave at the dead of
night and sit around until an infernal
rooster crows In the dairy around the
corner. I'm growing sick and tired of
it, I can tell you. I might get a doze
here once in a while if It were not for
that blamed club yonder.' He pointed
to a large family vault as he spoke.
" 'Is that a club?' I asked. 'I thought
it belonged to the Grogginses.' ¦
" 'It used to be, but the present Grog
ginses thought the place unfashionable
and moved the old ones off to Cedar
H11U and there were no takers for the
old vault.'
"Certainly not," returned, Dapperly,
"but afterward I recalled how he look
ed. ' At the time I was too paralyzed
with fright to take any conscious in
ventory of these details, but Just stood
holding onto the gatepost and staring.
The old man didn't like this a bit. and
bristled up like a turkey cock.
".'Well, sir,' he said, 'may I ask what
you see strange Jn my appearance that
you stare like that? In my day, young
man, it was not considered polite.'
"I wasn't good for much, but I was
able to nr-'.ter something about no of
fense being intended.
"Oh, come now," interrupted Hurley;
"you don't mean to tell us you noticed
all that as you stood there."
"Th^e next I
Policeman Wa »,
v rn e^
the aboulder.
f lt ' Ound myself
s «lng On that
¦^ .««! it waa
broad V daylig hti
A nd that's why'i
treat a gnO g t
r Jght it t wfli treat
yo " right. Of
course, r m not
saying that all
ghosts are pleas
ant . company.
They are probab
ly Irritated by be
ing sneered at or
run away -from.
And now I sug
gest , we drink,"
ended Dapperly,
"to the memory
of the ghost of,
Silas Stubbs. It's
on me."
And the club as
one man drank
anda that old boy
grew mistier and
mistier, and
fainter and faint
er, until there
wasn't anything
there it all— he
Just evaporated.
DAPPERLY'S GHOST
BY T. B. 'WRIGHT
Seemingly the -road was clear.
Gerald almost doubted if Juana
had told the truth. But suddenly
the shadows were alive with men,
that sprang at the bridles of the
leaders, cutting the traces} from
all sides the hooting, yelling:,
drink-crazed Mexicans swarm
ed like wasps. There were
more of them than Juana
had said, and as Gerald
plunged into the thick
of It he made straight
for Caracas Johnny*. It
was too close work for
the rifles — a hand-to
hand duel with the
terrible knives. Short,
swift, indescribably
brutal, a bare five
minutes and 't was
over; but one of Ger-;
aid's best men would
ride no more, and
Gerald himself was
b le e d i n g profusely
from an ugly cut be
tween the ribs, where
the bowie of Caracas
Johnny had searched
for his heart. Thanks
to the mescal Johnny's
Rim was bad, and John
ny would spend many daya
days at Santa Fe in conse
quence thereof.
Comanche Jake lay be
neath his pony a lifeless heap
from which Juana had nothing
to fear. But the guards were all
but hacked to death where they
had fought to protect . their treasure
bass. Gerald leaned against the black
pony, faint from loss of blood, but
fighting it off, while he saw that those
of the Mexicans that did not get away
were safely bound.
"With the last knot tied, the dead
and- wounded were to be disposed of.
It was gTay dawn when at last the
etajre was ready to go on to An-
CUilla.
Gerald had fancied that a smoth
ered scream came from tha stagra
when the fighting began. Since then -,:>
Jt had.been quiet inside, but^as he« r :
tried to mount the pony he was
not surprised to hear a woman's
voice. She came toward him
throuKh the gray light — tall.
let whistled
by his head
''Don't flre;
there's trouble
ahead of you,"
and the driver pull
ed up sharply. A few
words explained the
situation. One of the
•guards went to the
door and talked with'
Home • one lnBlde; then
the word was given to
move on. Gerald and his men
rode lust behind, their Win
chesters ready.
. CorrrighV 1903, by T. C. McClure )
Tfe?-y. ¦ -^T^tj HE cattle we r e quiet
i* w^ 1^ 5^ [ ! 1 pipped to the
. V^W.&lVp; ; ground at a safe di3
\r^L Mfe?sS. tance and eased -the
' K^V^r^ cinches .to give tbo
¦'^^VJsil^S 1 black pony a brcath-
V=a_i s^^*'StB3ffll Ing siJacc A lira of
• • '.-. ; silver grew and wi(*.-
Vned -along ; the. East, "and as Gerald
tra'tcheVl the moon swung up the sky
and ihe south wind came rushing cool
and "sweet against- his hot brow. How
lllfce to that night three years ago, when
.they had stood together • 'neath the
.pains: at St.' Augustine. : "In place of
.i'.he loneliness of plain . and sky — the
. Drea-m City, Jewel crowned, the gray
c-ld fort.- the shimmering moon- silvered
sea^^-and Margaret. .One night in a
man's life fhe had answered "yes" to
the fitory. lie told, out .there on the
¦•crumb-Hag walls at San. Marco. He re
membered how. they had watched the
\ little " blue-^lad, figure as it toiled up
• wUh the faiefulmessage-T-the message
: that . 'dashed the- .sweetness from the"
' orahge-6.cented night, hushed the music
f of "the sea; ; leaving him alive to only
•jtije -sense df ruin-rnitter ruin.
•. " Throe .hours later he was on the way
to New .York, leaving only, a bvief note.
cannct hold you 'to your promise; I
am a beggar." He knew now the wrong
"that he had offered her womanh'pod ;
: 7but then.'.-ttith the old man who had
..-bee& more rcomrade than, father lying
with a buEet hole- throuirii his brain,
there seemed no other way. It had all
been, a -maze, commencing with the pit
iful funeral, with himself as. sole*
moufrier^then the long days when ev
erfr hour .disclosed .the wrong that had
been; apne:j.o. women and help'less chilr
¦dren." A very madness of speculation
• had ". :possessed his father, and the
worthless. Taper seeroed .to grow into"
mountains of guilt and shame. Settle
ments. Ju<3gmeKts, foreclosures, and
there' cjame. a day wiien he stood with
¦JSaxeiy enough left to take him "West
;out Cf sight of' his kin. . "
-.lifrFlve long . years. They were filled
: with lift' and movement and aflasli with
'barbaric colcir wrought in strange' pat
tern -of border- .warfare, night raids
when Comanche and Apache were
"£ut." -.But the Blue Star ranch had
.¦rrpsrierefi:- The cattle had thriven and
¦: grown. 'from scattered bunches into a
'¦¦: great', herd; of which Ge.rald was half
. ; o\rj2sr. Tto-rniorrow they would start
;.<>?} .'the long -trail- to the market places.
¦ Th* black pony 'sniffed the air sus
piciously at a rustle in the dried sage
'grass, -A" -form came out from
;. among, the shadows and stood upright,
and as. the blanket slipped from her
'."shoulders : Gerald Baw .- that -it' was
• : Jua.na, the. Mexican wife of Comanche
¦: Jake'.. I-e' knew.' the " woman. Only a
¦¦..•week before he had come to. her rescue
, just 'in time. to save her from ComacHe
'-.Takers- bpwie knife, jj'nd now spoke to
.her.kindly; "You, Juana? What is the
¦•'m.atter Dpw? Is .Jake after you again?"
• J.uana er^pt still closer. "Senor! Se
;no'r.!:foT the leye of Our Lady, call out
.\<"-yr men : and. ride to Antelope's Run.
¦ They"— with a twist of her hand toward
-.the -distant ter>ee in the mesqulte—
"Senor, if you let Jake come back, he
will know I told you; then God- and
Our Lady have mercy," and the squat
figure slipped away into the night.
He did not question the truth of the
woman's statement. The*re was work
for the Blue.- Star outfit at Antelope's
Run. It worried him, that this should
have come Just as they needed all their
best men for the big drive; but where
a woman's honor was at stalce, there
could be no question of cattle.
Ten minutes of hurried galloping to
and fro and Gerald led off his cattle
force, leaving a half dozen,' out the
gate. As they shot up the Santa Fe
trail his watch showed 11 o'clock by the
moon's rays.
The swift ponies laid down to their
:%vork, and the earth rolled back be
neath their hoofs, as they rode in the
quick, cavalry trot over miles of sage
grass and white sand, past prairie dog
towns, where the alert tenants whisk
ed out of sight like so many small
ghosts, past t-he dry arroyos like white
scars on the face of the plain. On and
on. Here a bunch of mesquite, gnome
like in the spectral light, clumps of
prickly pear and weird contortions of
the slant cactus — ten miles, fifteen,
and they began the ascent where the
plain rolls ur> toward the foothills.
They- could see the highway, where it
wound like a snake, seeking its lair
Jp the shadow of the trees that begin
at Antelope's Run.
Gerald pulled out his watch. The
stape was due at 3 o'clock, and they
had a little less than an hour to wait.
He turned to the men. "Boys, we
will ride on and meet them; then there
will be no chance of their getting us
mixed with the attacking force."
There was as yet no sign of Co
manche Jake and his men; but, as
Juana had said, "ley would be likely
to stay, with the mescal until the last
minute. Gerald and his men rode
slowly up the trail to a point about
three • miles beyond the run. Then
t-hey drew rein and waited until they
heard the roll of wheels and the thud
of horses' feet, as the stage clattered
down 'the trail. There were two guards
on the outside with their rifles cock
ed across their l6iees. Gerald rode
out, and as he raised hi3 hand a bul-
"they are over there— half a dozen like
Jake, all mad with the mescal— and
they go to rob the Anguilla stage when
it passes Antelope's Run. Senor, they
will kill — they'll kill me when they find
I've told; but Caracas Johnny came in
at nightfall from up above, and told
how he got a message, while at An
guilla, in cipher from a pal of his in
Santa Fe, and It said there was Gov
ernment gold a comin' through, and
that there was a woman, too, who was
rich and had money along with her.
They've got it all planned how to do
for the driver and the guards, and Ca
racas Johnny is to have the woman.
Penor. for the love of the mother that
bore you get out your men and save
"her, or kill her. Don't let that devil
get her. . It's twenty miles to Ante
lope's Run, but Jake and the boys
won't start till midnight, and they'll be
drunk with the mescal." •*¦"
"And how about you?" asked Gerald.
Juana gathered her blanket closer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALU
• It Is good to be -not over-quick to
enthuse oveh the future prospects .of.
large projects;. but It seems to us bet
ter, not to be blind to- evident prom
ises. Conservatism' is not merely the
reverse of go-ahead-activeness. Nour-,
adays it has become a cloakword for
those who, through ignorance or mo
tive, cry down" all that is; new;, if is.
in fact; a business with some 11 — it takes
time to prove them wrong; mean
while they are building reputations
for cautiousness. . ;
• Is there to-da"y any conspicuous
railroad, mine or. other enterprise
that, at the outset, did not meet with
the discouragement of influenced" or
Incompetent expert opinion, .• to say.
nothing of natural and fostered ad
verse public opinion.? Is there a going
business of any sort that has not had
its share 'of more or less genuine in
itial disfavor? And the fact that to
day there .are thousands of going busi
nesses shows how much sounder*, and.
therefore, more admirable, was the
faith of their founders. ? •; -\;<
Conservatism is a good Quality, but
ulterior purposes' of irresponsibility,
masking as ."conservatism," deserve
all the discredit that can be given.
Conservatism on the part of investors
is good— If it is of the right sort, and
not a miscalled timidity, lack of faith
or suspicious distrust. Nothing can
more seriously injure a country's in
terests than • conservatism— of tha
wrong sort. — Cent, per Cent, : . • v
THE HOLD-UP AT ANTELOPES RUN.
5and another selection, another reading
aloud of the fortunate names. Many
ajman gets no further, than "The Pur
gatorio," and must, when hunger of
time presses, return to the. outer, world
through "The Inflerno." But we will
follow the twice chosen and - selected
into a' large room, where - the Presi
dent's military staff are sauntering
about.- Then if you are lucky you go
into his presence. Mexico ", calls the
place "Heaven," and it- is hung with
red damask, interwoven and embossed
with Mexican eagles, over ' which • can
Btlll be seen the • imperial crown ' that
poor Carlotta placed there in the-hey
day of her dream of empire, before the
grave closed over Maximilian | and the
doors of the madhouse upon her own
distraught mind. Throughout the busi
ness hours Dias sits there,- wtth his
face always in the shadow and yours
always in the light.
He looks you over.? the shrewd old
man, and you can read the one thought
that for, the moment is 'uppermost' in
his mind. What can thlsmaii teach
me? What does he know that it would
be well for me to learn?; If on inspec
tion the, dutlo'ok' does , not promise
profit" in knowledge . toj the 'shrewd old
Oaxaca Indian who, has .made himself
more * powerful than' many "' kings he
upon Diaz's active' mind. Many rea
sons axe given for his announced abdi
cation. The one that appeals to me is
the explanation that he Is bored and
perhaps consumed by his "curiosity to
know what will happen In. the' land
that he has reconstructed after his an
nounced eelf-effacement is accom
plished.' Some, of the, practical
aspects. of the political situation in our
next door neighbor's house, where we
-have eighty thousand fellow-citizens
and perhaps a thousand, million dollars
out on investment to look after, will
well repay, attention, and it would be
like picking money up in the street to
know .withpuf the peradventure of a
doubt w.ho Is going to take up the suc
cession, .whether the course is to be
the same or a new one,* which in Mex
ico, is. the old, leading to civil war and
bankruptcy. Two names alone are
mentioned, that of Llmantour, the able,
up-to-date financier', and Bernardo
Reyes, a general of somewhat anti
quated, if not positively reactionary,
ideas. .But for the present 1 would
have' you take a look at Diaz. It may
be. one of parting. ->V."
If you would see Diaz to best advan
tage I would say go to his office, the
little room in which all political wires
by means' of which he rules the coun
try converge. It Is in the somewhat
ungainly, not to say ugly, building that
is known as the National Palace, and
stands in the great' open square of
Mexico City above the ruins of an'Az
tec shrine. You must be very careful
what kind of a cab you take when
you drive to the palace. Pedestrians
stand no chance of. admission; and a
blue-colored cab. is distlngulsed, a red
one is only, respectable, while a yellow
one,* lowest in the category. i« liable to
land you In the smallpox hospital and
not in the -presence of the despot. There
will let you go with a hand shake that
passes for "English" on the French
stage. But if you inspire Interest the
interview may prove very long; one
hour, two hours, and even three they
have been known to last, while the
other clients hungered and thirsted In
"The Inflerno." ' You may teach the
President many things or merely
prove to him that you are a chatter
box; but one thing is quite certain, he
will not talk himself except about the
sleeping cars in the United States. Less
than any other man I have ever met is
he given to making confidences. V"
It is hardly necessary to say any
thing about Jose I vea Llmantour, be
cause he is personally so well known
in New York. If he - becomes Presi
dent the ruler of our neighbors across
the Rio Grande will be a : habitue of
our best clubs and in close personal
touch with our leading.. «men. He
speaks English without an accent and
knows the United States like the palm
of his hand. You regard him' as more
than : half American until ' you meet
him in Paris,- when you would swear
that he had never left France in his
life. This adaptability, or. rather this
ability (which is given. to few Mex
icans) to pass for an American in New
York. and a Frenchman on the boule
vards, is a heavy political handicap to
the' suffrages • of • the Mexicans which
Llmantour could not hope to contend
against without the very decide* sup
port .of Diaz. -.
How long Limantour could maintain
himself in power is a question upon
.which those ¦ expert . in Mexican oondl
, tions never can agree, and perhaps it
; ls wisest to await the course of events.
- He can never < become. President with
out the sanction of Diaz. Yet, doubt
less, . as long as aa he lives Dlas can
.keep his man or his ; puppet on the
throne. , Yet he must die some time;
even the Oaxaca Indians,. though famed
for ¦ their longevity, in . the end • go , the
.way. of all flesh. . The benevolent despot
is now at least 76 years old,' probably
older, and the question whether X4»
antour could stand alone is one that
may at any day become urgent.
It is, of course, perfectly possible
that he may develop qualities suited .to
the new conditions and prove as suo
cessful in politics as he has in finance.
A few year3 ago when he came to New
¦York everybody in Mexico as well as in
"Wall street said it would do him, good
—that is, his health— but as for the
avowed purpose of his visit, the nego
tiation of a loan, he might as well
spare himself the pains of trying. Wall
street, it was asserted, had never yet
made a loan to a foreign government,
and was not likely to begin with Mex
ico. However, Llmantour secured the
loan, and he may be able to conjure
the want of confidence which the great
majority of Mexicans entertain toward
him in the same way that he succeed
ed in dispelling the suspicions of our
banking magnates. ' '
Even his friends admit that the ab
sence of Indian blood tells heavily
against Diaz's candidate in the scale
of popularity. He not "only wears a
coat with apparent comfort, but he
wears it like a foreigner, and It is hard
for the Mexicans of the lower class to
forgive him this. Of course, every for
eigner, whether resident or merely an
Investor, is interested in his taking up
the Diaz succession, an interest which
I have often thought is not helpful to
his ' chances. 1 ' It can be said that all
the' Americans and English, who are
conducting the great railway and min
ing enterprises; the Germans and
French, with their small trade which
at the end of the year bulks to large,
and the thrifty emigrants from North
Spain, the Catalans and the Basques
are for Llmantour to a man. And, of
course, there are a certain number of
enlightened Mexicans who recognize
that the prosperity of the country dur
ing the last few years is due In a large
measure to the commercial and in
dustrial invasion of foreigners, and
is a long stairway, of honor, with a
number of sentries, who will present
arms If they like the cut of your back
coat; then a long gallery, musical with
crystal chandeliers and stuffy with
heavy hangings. The place has no in
dividual note; It Is cosmopolitan. You
might be In the anteohamber of a Chi
nese mandarin or a Wail-street mag
nate, or merely strolling around the
corridor of. a somewhat flashy summer
hotel. This place Is called In ' Mexico
"The Inflerno," which I will not trans
late, because the word is not admitted,
In our composing room. ¦ hy % ':
"The Inflerno" is crowded, • always
crowded, and cosmopolitan. Americans,
Mexicans, Indians and Chinese crowd
there, for the President is an amiable
man and gives more audiences in a
day than he can possibly receive In a
month. All the clients stand around
and hobnob and gesticulate. "The Pres
ident has Just sent for me," says one
in his particular lingo. And ¦ another
takes up the cry: "He sent for me last
year, but I've never seen him yet. I'm
caughf in the Inflerno."
• Suddenly the conversation dies away
and you almost hear the palpitations
of many anxious hearts. A uniformed
officer Btriped and barred like an oriole
has.' appeared in the doorway. He
reads with a somewhat supercilious
smile the list of the chosen. Those who
are summoned pass with him beyond
the curtain, one step nearer the repub
lican throne. The disappointed; and
the disgusted remain behind in "The
Inflerno" until the rattle of the Presi
dent's carriage a.nd the clanking har
ness of his mounted guards tell them
that business is over L for. the day and
that the benevolent despot of : Mexico
has gone to take his ease at Chapul
tepec '\
However, Instead of finding them
selves in the presence of the President,
those who ; passed v the curtain, merely
enter a second " gallery, " locally" . "The
Purgatorio." Here there is another wait
It is not hard to understand why he
cares no longer to linger on the scene
from which one by one his contempora
ries have vanished, for Diaz la not of
our generation, but belongs to the class
of Titans who have gone, leaving be
hind them such spacious vacancies. He
began to make history about' the same
time that Bismarck did and Gladstone
"and Garibaldi. Grant and Pope Leo
were of his class. He came into* power
born of civil strife and foreign inva
sion. He has known what it was to
starve in New Orleans,' apparently a
discredited revolutionist, and to be
hunted like a lone wolf through the
lonely sierra by- the powers- that were.
He has been saved a score of times by
the mettle of his horse and by* the
strength of his swimming and by the
ascendency of his star, in which his
countrymen are not without reason for
believing, for in this way he escaped
from a filibustering vessel off Vera
Cruz, which' 6hortly afterward foun
dered and went down with all on board.
Since 1ES4, however, the life of the
"amiable despot" has been singularly
calm and unexciting, though not un
eventful. But the path of unalloyed
prosperity may have begun to pall
•* The close observers of current events,
those who read the shadows which they
cast before them, say that an answer
will be given tq these speculations
within" three months, . when Diaz con
cludes.his sixth Presidential term and
places the reins of power, "which he has
held so-gtrongly'ever since the centen-
Blal year of -1S7G, in the hands of an - :
other. •; : r - r :
.. Y -F it be' true, as rumor, of <ulte\sub
1 staritial sterli-ng ring has it, that-
J^- Porfirio Diaz; "the . benevolent, des
• ' * r .pot" of oiir Mexican neighbors, is at
last; to step dovwi-and. out, td end. his
active life and Beek' sechislon or • a
change of scene in foreign travel, lfwIU
"be distinctly e pijy from the point- of
View of the picturesque and some "oth>.
•ex's./ One would regret ft the more ; dia.
, not . the political consequences of the
'step promise .to be so .interesting. At
last then it appears we are to have "an
answer to the question which- has puz T
zledsomar.y political critics during the
•last decade. Are the peace and prog
ress "of the Bister republic due to the
fear which .Diaz's despotic sway has in
• spired, .or are the Mexicans really.- In-.
¦¦ creasing in political wisdom end -stat
• ure? • . . • : :
that If these latter have accumulated
much wealth they have also developed
immensely-tbe resources of the country.
But It would.be Idle to deny that a
large — a very large — majority of the
people take..a very different view of
the situation. They regard the Increas
ing wealth and the growing number of
the foreigners with Jealous eyes: And
while he haa been careful not to- Iden
tify himself openly with their platform
It la quite apparent that General Reyta
Is the candidate of all those who tollers
In a policy of practical exclusion—that
Is, Mexico for the Mexicans.
*. Two years ago, when Reyes was ap
parently In high- favor, he was sud
denly dismissed from the Ministry of-
War and practically exiled to the re
mote State of Nuevo Leon. The Gov
ernorship of this place, which wu as
signed him. could not well hare been
more unimportant., and It was loon
noticed that even here whatever pow
er there was fell to tha subordinate
chiefs who nominally worked under
him. He waa a prisoner on parole
rather than a Governor. There can
be no doubt that much popular sym
pathy followed Reyes aa ha went to
his unimportant and Isolated place.
It was generally believed, and he cer
tainly did nothing to discredit the be
lief, that he had- fallen because he
opposed the further extension of for
eign Influence In the country. There
was another story to this affect: Dlajj
had offered him the succession pro
vided he would agree at the end of
one term In office to step aside In fa
vor of Porflrlo Dlas Jr., who' by this
time would have reached tha eligible
age. Reyes Is supposed to have an
swered - that the elections, tha ballots
of his fellow countrymen, must de-;
cide. Upon this followed his disgrace
and the elevation of Llmantour to the
position of heir apparent. •'•.
Slnoa that time Limantour. only
Minister of Finance In name, has not
confined his activity to fiscal matters.
More' and more he has been taken
Into the confidence of his chief, and
one by one the benevolent despot has
unloaded his burdens upon younger
shoulders. To-day, at the Instance of
Diaz himself, an amendment to the'
constitution is being railroaded
through the docile Legislature pro
viding for a Vice President, who Is
further permitted to hold another of
fice. It does not require tha sight
which penetrates millstones to recog
nize what Diaz has in view, though
whether he will carry It out is quits
a different matter.
At present his purpose Is apparently
to appoint Llmantour Vice President
and yet allow him to retain the Treas
ury portfolio. He Is to be, in fact, tf •
not in name, the Regent while Diaz is
away In Europe, this temporary ar
rangement to become permanent In
case It works well, or when tha tireless
brain of the. great Mexican politician
Is stilled in death. ;}\
The chances are. I think, in favor of
peace and an adjustment of political
rivalries and Presidential ambitions
within the law, especially should Dlas
long survive his withdrawal from pub
lic affairs. During the last twenty-'
five years in no country of the world
has the material prosperity of the peo
' pie Increased at sueh a rapid rate as In
Mexico, and In a large measure this
change is due to the fostering care and
the tireless activity of the Dictator. He
found them a people dependent upon
donkeys and mules for transportation
and confined as to their wants and
their activities to their respectiTe
pueblos. Under his direction and prin
cipally owing to his encouragement tea
thousand miles of extremely difficult
railways have been built, and to-day
the Mexican can and does buy large
ly In the markets of the world. This
In a sentence, is the story of Dlas?s
long term in the Presidential chair
from 1878 down to the present day. 'A*
new generation is growing up; the
young men of to-day are of the same
blood as were the tireless banditti gen
erals of the last generation. v Tha rav
ages of the revolutionary period*
though now remote, were so terrible
that it is. hard to believe that they
have been forgotten. To-day undoubt
edly the great, the very great, majori
ty of Mexicans want only peace, at
home and abroad. It remains to be
seen, however, whether, once the oun
nlng hand and the cool head that has
guided them, bo long Is removed, they
will be able to cope as successfully as
he has done with an unruly, lawless
minority.
Even Diaz's enlightened rule did not
reach the height which the mustering
out of the army would Indicate. But he
has done the next best thing to that,
and counterbalanced in a measure the
danger of/one army by having two. I
refer to the rurales, the mounted con
stabulary, who patrol Mexico from end
to end, who swear by Diaz and have
no love for the army proper, because
they frequently come in conflict with
its prerogatives. These men. If only
from enlightened self-interest, are apt
to oppose the narrow, exclusive policy
with which Reyes Is generally credited,
and to combat resolutely the Indian
supremacy of tha army. One thing,
however, is certain, should, aa some
prophesy, neither Reyes nor Llmantour
follow upon Diaz, but anarchy and con
fusion, owing to the presence of our
people In Mexico to the number of 75,
000 and owing to our Investments there,
which have been estimated as high as
11,000,000,000, we shall not be able to
stand aside as disinterestedly as we
surveyed the revolution of the *70*s, out
of which Diaz, the man of destiny,
emerged. Mexico has become not only
geographically, but In a deeper sense
of the word, our next door neighbor. No
radical change In the course of affairs
down there can leave us Indifferent.
Sonora and Chihuahua are practically
American to-day. Perhaps they, too,
are destined to follow the example of
Texas and New* Mexico and come un
der the flag. STEPHEN BONSAI*
THE SAN ,. FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL'.
WHO SHALL FOLLOW DIAZ?
LIMANTOUR OR REYES?
6Spearman has found a vast fund for
good s'tories in railroading. Even the
layman can see where all sorts of situ
ations can be evolved from blockades
ln.the snow, mistakes "of train dispatch
ers and the like. With his intimate
knowledge of the workings of a great
railroad system, the author has util
ized these dramatic possibilities to
great advantage, and the climax in his
-latest story Is as powerful as anything
.Frank H. Spearmaii, the writer of
railroad stories, has produced a tale
which is strong In parts In "The Daugh
ter of a Magnate." He should have di
vided the novel into three or four short
fitorles. for it Js too easy to see where
the main incidents of the book are
bridged over by -somewhat laborious
commonplaces in order that a sem
blance of continuity may be preserved.
~'f\ VERY important contribution to
fJ thought is "the
1:1 publication of "Zionism and
¦ ' Anti-Semitism," two* essays by
Max Nordau and Gustav Gotthell, the
eminent Jewish ; philosophical writers.
This little volume Is the latest word up
on the supremely Interesting movement
t now in progress looking to a rehabilita
tion of the ancient Jewish etate in Pal
estine, and the position which- the
"Hebraic race now holds in the countries
of Europe. It comes from men who are
acknowledged as being two of the most
profound thinkers of their raceV The
growing, atrocities in the realms of the
Crar^which are making the position of
the J Jew in all Europe * more and more
untenable, lend to these two essays an
added interest, of timeliness.
' Nordau ; .opens ,his ' monograph on
Zionism with a characterization of the
various .:" attitudes | of the J modem Jew
- toward the ' religion of , ancient ' Israel;
Though he- pleads at the outset that his
writing" la to be dispassionate,! Nordau
waxes exceedingly ' wroth '{ with; the
tenets' of Reformed Judaism "arid with
* the "unbelieving Jew.'. The: Metfsianlc be
liever .whose mystic conception of arf{
; stored Jerusalem can; have no part" in
the eminently • practical ¦ scheme ,' for ': a
Jewish state, Nordau dismisses : with
v a^wbrd;-:-' :;^ ¦: . '¦
: .¦."Zionism," says Nordau, "Is the ef
fect'of two impulses which came from
'without— first, the principle of * nation
ality; "I which for ¦ half : a ¦¦_ century ruled
thought and feeling in Europe and gov
j emed the politics of the world; second-
Zionist Order
and Its Plans
JfewBooks Received
ONE very cheering thought can be
adduced from the' holiday book
trade, and that is that standard
works upon the fine arts have had
a more ready acceptance than ever be
fore. Should this prove to be not a
passing fancy, but the beginnings of a
sincere regard for art. outside of the
charmed circle of the ultra esthetic and
an indication that in the "land of dol
lars" there Is to be a BOlld appreciation
of that which lifts the thoughts of men
to higher pianes, 6urely we have Just
cause for self-congratulation. As hap
py earnest of this seeming advance in
the esthetic appreciation of Americans
witness the wide popularity of "Ameri
can Sculpture,", by the eminent Ameri
can sculptor, Lorado Taft, and Lord
Balcarres' "Donatello." The-one a criU
iclsm of the great master of the Re
naissance and the other a history of
the upbuilding of a distinctly American'
cchool of plastic art, the two works may
be considered as handbooks upon two
widely different but equally distinctive
art epochs. ""''
Lorado Taft undertakes to trace from
its beginning the advance of the sculp
tor's art in this country, showing: the
various influences tending, to ; mold 1 its
course and the personal stamp left upon
it by those whose work. has been con
sidered representative. Though unstint
ing In hlB criticism of some 'of 'the slip
shod productions of earlier and even
more recent sculptors, Mr. Taft sounds
a very hopeful note of prophecy for the
future of American sculpture. He is
certain that we 1 now possess, an;- art
which attains to the dignity of a, mo
tional expression and which can take its
place along with the Italian and French
as a distinct school.
Reviewing in detail the works of Hoii
don, Cerrachl and WJlllam Rush, the
first native born American sculptor;
Taft passes on to give Hiram Powers
of the "Greek Slave" fame a careful
study. This man, who, of all the for
mer'American sculptors, dared, brave
the wrath of the blue stockings arid
produce a nude figure, holds the place
of father of true "plastic art in America,
according to Taft. ' - •< - •
The Centennial • the author marks as
being the one great impetus which was
given to American sculpture." ~61nco
"TWO CENTURIES OF COSTUM3B
IN AMERICA," Alice Morse Earlar
The Macmillan Company, New York,
illustrated; price, 15.
"THE COURTSHIP OP MTT.TCB
STANDISH," Illustrated by Howard
Chandler Christy; Bobbs-Merrill Com*
pany. Indianapolis; price. 13.
"PETRONILLA HEROVENi" N. Ii
Silberrad; Doubleday, Page & Co., Nen?
York; price. $1 60.
"THE WEB," Frederick Trevor Hill:
Doubleday, Page & Co., New York; il
lustrated; price. SI W.
"THE DAUGHTER OF A* MAO
NATE," Frank H. Spearman; Charles
Scrt brier's Sons/New York; illustrated?
price n 60.
"POCCALJTO," Eugenia Kellog;
The Unknown Publisher, -San Fran
cisco.
"THE SPIRIT OF JAPAN," Eraast
Adolpbus Sturge; published by Pres
byterian Japanese Missions of tha
Coast: Illustrated.
•THE ODES OF ANACREONV*
translated by Moore, with design^ by
Gerodet de Roussy; G. P. Putnaia'i
Sons, New York.
"FANCIES," Henry A. Wise Wood;
W. J. Ritchie, New York; price, $1 2S.
"LIBERTY AND LABOR." William
Rader; The New Book Store, San Fran
• ¦
Cisco. . -,
"NATURAL NUMBER PRIMER."
David Gibbs; American Book Company,
New York. .
"FIELD AND LABORATORY EX
ERCISES IN PHYSICAL GEOGRA
PHY. James F. Chamberlain; Ameri
can Book Company, New York.
"KING LEAR," edited by W. J.
Rolfe: American Book Company, New
York. ggS§
"COLOMBA," edited by H. P. Will
iamson; American Book Company,
New York.
•\A GREEK PRIMER." Clarence
W. Gleason; American Book Company,
New York.
"BUNTE GESCHICHTEN." Erna M.
Stoltze; American Book Company. New
York.
"EL NINO DE LA BOLA." Rudolph
Schwlll; American Book Company,
New York.
"DONA PERFECTA GALDOS,-- Ed
win Seelye Lewis: American Boo'<
Company, New York. ' .
workings of the political machine, and
that they, used that until it was hard
worked.
«.D." Applcton & Co.. New York; price
A very good example of the political
novel is "The. Chasm," by Reginald
Wright Kauffmann ; and Edward
ChCds Carpenter. Though the" marks
of collaboration 'are often too evident —
the one making up* the situations and
th« other doing the dialogue — the' Joint
efforts of the two authors have resulted
In a -very remarkable book.
The tale deals with the great love
of a man for tils eon and the- curdling
of .this hove Into gall by the action of
the son In allying himself with the
party which -Is. opposing his father In
politics. The father- is Larry O'Brien,
a' somewhat idealized political boss
whose kind -could hardly be encounter
ed outsi-de of book covers. ' For he re
fuses to . stuff a ballot-box when the
time for EtufSng seems fully ripe,, and
he Is the soul ofhanor-ln dealing even
with the • machinations of the party
organized to oust him from, power.
Somewhat improbable as the charac
ter of Larry O'Brien aeems to be, the
Join.t authors have 'made him the cen
ter of a lively tale of love and ballots.
In fact, the love element is too strong;
it dominates the political thread to*
such an extent that the reader is really
more anxious over "the outcome of
O'Brien's affairs with Miss Van Drell
than that 0/ the State .election" The
impression • one gains from "The
Chasm" fs that the authors had only
a cursory knowledge of the Inside
American Jlrt
- and Donatetlo
mHE recent reported attempt upon
I I the life of President Porflrlo Diaz
I "of Mexico- and the persistent ru
• .<s mors of that sagacious ruler's
resignation frorii the place which he
haa so ably filled have adduced specu
lation upon what political turn will
take place In our sister republic when
the present strong hand has been re
moved from the helm, and much Inter
est has attached itself of late to affairs
beyond the Rio Grande as a conse
quence. Particularly timely, therefore,
are the two "books upon Mexican na
tional life by Arthur Howard Noll. "A
Short History of Mexico" and "From
•Empire to Republic." The flrat of these
two will be recognized as a revision of
a former work by the same author,
made up to date and more suitable for
present-day reading; the latter is a
companion book, dealing more in detail
with the crucial periods of Mexico's
•struggle for good government.
Though much the same conditions of
birth and growth- surrounded the rise
of the Mexican state as those associated
.with the turbulent lives of some of the
minor states of Central and 1 South
America, the progress of Mexico toward
a firmly based nationality has not been
marked by so much of the opera bouffe
politics and black-legged tours de force
"which have made the names fof some
of ¦ the' mosquito republics a byword
among the family- of nations. In deal
ing with .the life story of the cactus
republic Mr. Noll has had opportunity
te trace the history of cause and effect
among a people- whose every instinct
has been one of striving for the ideal
In things political. That our neighbors
on the south achieved a good govern
ment only after long struggle and many
vicissitudes Is aptly shown > by the au
thor to be the results of long years of
domineering SparHsh rule.
In Tils first somewhat sketchy review
of the whole history of Mexico Noll
finds much of the romantic to narrate.
The story of the invasion of Mexico by
the Aztecs, the building of their curi
ous cities on the shores of Lake Tez
cuco, their conflicts and final subjuga
tion at the cruel hands of the Spaniards
makes good reading from the pen of the
author! Of the grinding times of the
Viceroys, the. overthrow of the Spanish
power, the revolt of Texas and ensuing
war with the United States and the
short-lived empire of Maximilian Noll
details- the leading events. ' His smaller
work on Mexican history is in brief an
excellent work for the! casual Informa
tion of a busy man..
The success of the earlier history by
Noll Recounts \
Story of Mexico
I - ARPER'S promises for the new
L4 year a variety and quality of con-0
I 1 tributions and /contributors which
V it will be hard to outdo. First of
the serials of the year to come is "Sir.
Mortimer," by Miss Mary Johnston,
begun in the November . num
ber.'"Those to follow are. new novels
by Mrs. Humphry Ward and Sir Gil
bert Parker. At least eight short stories
dre promised for each number. Mark
Twain, W: D. Howells, Robert • W.
Chambers and, Thomas A.' Janvier will
write exclusively for Harper's, and
"sqme of* the contributors of. fiction are
Maurice Hewlett, Edith Wharton,
Booth Tarkington, Octave Thanet,
Mary E. Wilkins Freeman, Margaret
Deland. Wiillam N. Harben. Mary R.
Shipman; Andrews, Elizabeth S. P.
Ward, Snra Jeanette Duncan. Alice
Brown, Stewart E. White. John K.
Hangs' and Ruth McEnery Stuart.
.The Century says much when it
promises Its readers, for 1904 a wealth
of reading and pictures that surpass
its own record of the year Just finish
ing." A somewhat daring excursion in
literature, and that conceived in a se
rious spirit, will be "Dr. S. Weir Mitch
ell's "The Youth of Washington," In
which Dr. Mitchell represents Wash
ington, in' his old age at Mount Vernon.
as . writing an autobiography ' for his
own eye alone. Other serial fiction will
include Jack London's new novel, "The
Sea Wolf," and "Four Roads to Para
dise," by r Mrs. Maiid W. Goodwin,
while among the writers of shorter
stories will be David Gray, Gouver
neuir Morris, Albert B. Paine,' J. J.
Bell (author of "Wee MacOreegor),- E.
L. Sabln a.nd Roy Rolfe \ Qllsoh. Edltti
Wharton will contribute *a series of
articles on ' "Italian Villas and' Their
Gardens," which will be . illustrated .
largely ' in color by . Maxfleld . Parrish,
and ' Ernest 'Thompson Seton will | write
about # "Fable; and Woodmyth" and IK
lustra te the article himself. '.
; Scrlbner's Magazine never allows Its
fiction; to crowd 'out moire serious mat*'
terv. and ; at the head of : its list of con
tributions ' for \ 1904 stands "The War. of
1812,". In which -Captain A; T. Mahan
adds much of value to the history of
that struggle. The articles are Illus
trated by Henry Reuterdahl and Carl
ton^T:'Chapman.\Frank A; Van'derllp,
once Assistant Secretary of the Treas
ury,' "< writes ! of ''. "European 1 • Political
Problems of Interest to America,"- and
Prof essor • Walter VWyckbfl 'j about "The
Paris Workingman," Upon the strength
of knowledge • acquired * by living . with
his subject. In .the way of letters
throwing '< light • upon past j times " and
people ? there • will ¦¦ be * those of ;' Mrs.
George ' Bancroft,' wife of ' the American '
historian, written at the time when her
The Magazines
of Coming Year
("American" Sculpture," The Mac
mlllan Company, New .York". Illus
trated ; price, $6. "Donatello." import
ed by Charles. Scrlbner's Sons, New
York; illustrated; price, $2.)
Lord Balcarres' appreciation of the
sculpture of Donatello, the great Flor
entine, Is more of an artist'B book than
a work for general reading. Himself
an expert critic and art antiquarian,
the author has devoted his work to a
complete survey of all the compositions
credited to Donatello, corroborating or
taking exception to established opinion
on these mooted points and furnishing
minute criticism upon all of the classic
pieces of statuary. So Intertwined are
the histories of all the great truth
painters and truth carvers of the Ren
aissance that Lord -Balcarres has, per
force, dwelt upon the work and Influ
ence of Michael Angelo and Leonardo
da Vlncl: 'ever Interesting reading to
those with an eye to the beautiful and
an appreciation of transcending genius.
Donatello's limitations in comparison
to Michael Angelo the author very free
ly [admits'. He says:
"Donatello was pledged to no system
nnd his only canon, If such existed, was
the canon of observation matured, by
technical' ability. We have no reason
to suppose that Donatello claimed to.be
a deep thinker. He did not spend his
time.. like Michael Angelo, In devising
theories to explain *the realms of art.
He was -without analytical pedantry,
and, like his character, his work was
nalve^ and. direct."
that time, through the earnest strivings
of such as Saint Gaudens, French, Mac-
Monnics and that vigorous pioneer into
new fields, Barnard, much has \ been
achieved. - So aptly, has Taft com
bined the elements of criticism and
narrative in his work that the artistic
proportions remain" :in "nice balance.
Over a hundred excellent half-tones il
lustrate the text in a very adequate
manner.
Another very readable book of mod
ern" life is "The Web," by Frederick
Trevor Hill. There are" few novels writ
ten around the law which have the
power to catch and hold Interest, but
"The Web" is assuredly one of these.
It presents in graphic style the fierce
strain of- competition existing in the
profession, and it has the further at
.tractlon of revealing to : the layman
some of . the methods which serve to
spin the web about the unfortunate
litigant who has had the temerity to
approach the bar -of Justice for redress.
Mr. Hill's story deals with the mach
inations of a powerful corporation in
its efforts to defraud a young woman
of her stock in the concern. A battle
of lawyers, the maligning of a woman's
fa4r name and a near approach to trag
edy are some of the features of this
forceful portrayal of the drama of mod
ern day life.
. (Doubleday, Page & Co., New York;
illustrated; price $1 50.)
Mr. Noll inducea him to' attempt a
more scholarly review of the struggle
for a constitutional government on the
part of the people whose history he has
selected as his field. This volume seeks
to follow the growth of the Mexican
idea of nationality from the time of the
lifting of the Spanish yoke down to the
present so-called republican form of
government, which has its fountain
head in Porfirio Diaz.
Few -nations have experienced more
political calamities before attaining
unto a knowledge of principles of gov
ernment by the people than Mexico.
The oppressive rule of Spain and the
exactions of the inquisition so crushed
the energies of the Mexicans that
when they were free to govern them
selves the spirit of nationality • was
twisted into a hundred various chan
nels playing at cross-purposes with
one another. Yet, too prolific and enter
prising to be destroyed by its own war
ring factions, ¦ Mexico , succeeded in
learning through abuse the privileges
of self-government, and she is now in
the heyday of her political salvation.
The author devotes considerable at
tention to the kaleidoscopic changes of
government during the formative pe
riod of the Mexican state in order to
trace the underlying spirit of good gov
ernment and note the oross-currents of
charlatanism which found their brief
support from parties yet new to things
political. Considerable space is devoted
to the" present position of the orthodox
Catholic church In the southern state
and the antagonistic spirit existing be
tween church and state.
(A Short History of Mexico, A. C. Mc-
Clurg & Co., Chicago; price 75 cents.)
(From Empire to Republic, by the
same publisher; price $1 40.)
ly, Anti-Semitism, from which the Jews
of all countries have more or less to
suffer." v .... -,. : ;&5-
These then are the two Impelling
forces which are working toward a re
united Judea. That the spirit of hard
common sense instead of religious mys
ticism moves the Zionists in their
labors Nordau shows to be true
by detailing the progress of the
Zionist Congresses,- vrhlch have teen
held in Europe from time tq time slncj
1897. Nordau admits that the ZioniBts
have a work before them which has
scarcely had an equal in the history of
the world, but he. is sanguine of ulti
mate success." .
In his essay on "Anti-Semitism." Dr.
Gotthell has endeavored to give dispas
sionately the causes for the persecution
of his race In Europe. He explains the
Innate characteristics, of the Hebrew,
which make him clannish and hence
despised by his Gentile neighbors. He
frankly, confesses to some of the Jewish
weaknesses which tend to bring perse
cution upon hisown head. But the es
sayist concludes his argument by a re
view of the Jews' sterling traits, which
enable them to bear the burden which
has been theirs since . the shadow foil
over Calvary Hill, j
(Scott-Thaw Company, New York.)
husband was Minister ', to England
(ISO-GO) : "A Young Girl's View of
Court" Life," being letters of the two
daughters of Edward Everett, Minister
to England from 1841 to 1845, and
'/Family Letters of. Thomas Jefferson,"
from originals now in the possession of
Dr. Francis E. Shine, Mr. Jefferson's
great-great-grandson. The letters deal
with Mr. Jefferson's views on education
and are. annotated by Wilson Miles
Cary of Baltimore. ' _.-;•• "f
Without neglecting the lighter fea
tures, McClure's Magazine haa set Itself
to furnish needed Information on burn
ing questions of the hour, or, more ex
actly speaking, on what Is back of and
underlies these questions. So Miss Ida
M. Tarbell will proceed with Part 2 of
the "History of the Standard Oil Com
pany," and cap her contributions to the
epic of oil with a character sketch of
John D. Rockefeller as protagonist.
Lincoln Steffens will write on "The
Misgovernment of States" and on "The
EnemleV of the Republic"; Ray S.
Baker' will be a frequent contributor on
the labor question and ita ramifications,
involving and 'complicating; as they do
all other questions, and Thomaa N.
Page will deal with the negro question.
Jacob A. Rlis will write about Miss
Jane Addama and settlement work. For
the new year the publishers promise
serials by Henry Harland, Booth Tark
lngton, George B. McCutcheon, Irving
Bachsller and Stewart E. White.
The 'Atlantic Monthly presents for
1504 a programme of a variety and ex
cellence of which its name is the suf
ficient guarantee. Among the most in
teresting of the features announced Is
a^series of contributions drawn from
"hitherto unpublished private Journals
of Ralph Waldo Emerson, edited by his
son," and a posthumous paper on Em
erson, by Henry James Sr. Another
Important group of articles will con
sist of "trenchant inquiries" into the
right and wrong ''of present business
ivt tbcus, the first 'rom the pen of John
Graham Brooks, entitled "Is Commer
cialism in Disgrace?" Phases of mod
ern advertising will be discussed by ex
perts, two of the papers being "The
Psychology of Advertising," by Profes
sor W. D. Scott, and "Abuses of Public
Advertising," by Charles Mulford Rob
inson. ; Historical studies from scholars
who have had access- to fresh sources
ef information will 'include two papers
by Andrew D. White on Fra Paolo
Sarpi, the controversialist, and two by
F'.edeiick J. Turner on "Diplomatic In
trigues for the Mississippi Valiey." ,
.The Cr'tic fc-r 1904 promises in addi
tion to the review features the con
tinuation of "The Jessica Letters," be
gun'in October,- and entangling much
truth with some' fiction. The names of
the Joint authors are withheld. Lionel
Strachy will contribute three papers on
the; "Social History of England as Il
lustrated by Punch." and Mrs. Rich
mond Ritchie will write at frequent In
tervals ."Blackstick Papers," reminis
cences of the friends of her father,
William Makepeace Thackeray. F. B.
Sanborn will write of his recollections
of men and events, and Charles H. Cof
fin, will furnish a series of profusely
illustrated papers on American paint
ers. Another feature of the 1904 Critic
will be a series dealing with "American
Cities in Fiction," the papers already
arranged for covering Chicago, New
Orleans and Washington, with articles
of a slightly different ' character on
"Literary Philadelphia" and "Literary,
Louisville." With the January number
will be added % a new department mod
eled somewhat on the "Contributors'
Club" of The Atlantic. All articles will
be signed.
¦ Outing, once designed purely as a
magazine for sportsmen, has now
adopted as Its province what Its editors
name "the human side of outdoor life.?
Its~ programme for the new year Is
planned with this Idea as guide. Begun
in' the November Issue and continued in
1904 is. "The Silent Places; or the Trail
of Jlngoss." by Stewart E. White. With
the January number- comes the first
of a series of articles on "The Human
Side of Exploration," by Robert Dunn,
who has Just returned from an expedi
tion to Mount McKlnley. In early
numbers of , the new year' also Edwin
Sandys will write of adventures in the
wilds of Athabasca, Assinlboia and Al
berta, and Herbert K: Job about "The
Swamp Rookeries of Florida." Accom
panying Mr. Job's articles will be re
productions of remarkable photographs
of storks, ibises, great '- white herons
and the like* strange <tfowl. Yet other
articles upon exploration In Labrador
may be ! expected if - Leonldaa Hubbard
Jr. return* from the explorations which
he is conducting In that region. Outing,
besides these features, will continue to
publish Its. stories of child and family
life, its outdoor fiction -and its depart
ments for the' devotees of rod. and gun."
The Outlook places at the head of Its
offerings to the public for, the , year to
come the series of articles on "Theodore
Roosevelt, the .Citizen," by Jacob A.
Rlis, begun In the November Issue of
1903. Stewart E.' White will write a
. similar series, ''The Mountain." "An
[ Irishman's Story** will be chapters from
the autobiography of Justin McCarthy.
which has been written this year. To
gratify the capricious whim of a rail
road president's daughter Spearman
makes : his hero, a constructing en
gineer, order out a special to carry the
lady some sixty odd miles through a
Colorado .blizzard. How the power of
the storm forced them to discard the
lady's car and carry her over a ticklish
piece of track In the cab of the engine
ts told with true dramatic force by. the
author.
But there are some very painful drags
in the story, which detract greatly
fr.om its interest. The author allows
himself to dilate to such an extent on
a single subsidiary- Incident that the
thread of the story is resumed only
after an unbridged break in the narra
tive.
In his technical phraseology Spear
man falls into the same error which
Is so generally complained of by read
ers of Kipling. He takes It for granted
that his reader knows all about the
working parts of an engine, the stays
of a railroad bridge or the intricacies
of telegraphy, and rattles off his tech
nical terms so glibly that the unini
tiated ' are handicapped in their race
with the author— if they be conscien
tious—by the weight of a Webster's
unabridged. :
(Charles Scrlbner's Sons, New Tork;
illustrated; price U 50.) .
In the "West seems to bo In very
good condition. Judging from the
reports of many publishers. A. S.
Barnes & Co. report that Samuel Mer
wln's "His Little World" is among the
best sellers In Chicago, and that larg*
orders have come from the; West for
Stoddard's "Recollections."
"In Merry Measure," the book of so
ciety and humorous Verse by Thomas
L. Masson. will shortly be put out by
Life Publishing Company In a de luxe
edition similar to its companion vol
umes, "Taken From Life" and
"Rhymes and Roundelays."
There Is no more unique- figure In
modern literature than Marie Corelll.
but of her personality the world knows
little. The task of portraying the wo
man as she is, of giving one a glimpse
behind the scenes of her life, has been
undertaken In a work recently pub
lished by George W. Jacobs & Co. of
Philadelphia, entitled "Marie Corelll.
the Writer and the. Woman," composed
by T. F. G. Coates and R. S. Warren.
BelL Miss Corelli, It appears, seta
"Ardath" above everything elsa she haa
written, and her biographers catalogue
it as "one of the author's finest effort*
to further the course of true religion."
Lord Tennyson, they say. road It and
wrote her a letter of commendation,
and the great Gladstone, after perusing
it, called upon her, and afterward
claimed her as a friend.
/'Richard Dallas."- whose detective
story, "A Master Hand," has been win
ning not a little ipralse, now stands re
vealed as Henry Wlnslow "Williams, a
prominent Baltimore lawyer. This ac
counts for the fact that the legal points
made In the book have an accuracy
that Is lacking In most fiction. The
Jaw is traditionally uncongenial to lit
erature, but fiction turns so frequently
on legal matters that a novelist might
do much worse than to get a working
knowledge of the law simply as a
preparation for his own profession,
while the recent examples of Mr. Wil
liams and Frederick Trevor Hill, au
thor of "The Minority" and "Th«
Web," show that a busy lawyer can
turn his 'dally experience to good ac
count. Judge Robert Grant la another
example of the lawyer-novelist, but- he
has been Inclined to keep his law and
his literature separate.
Many novels that have a really suc
cessful sale the first year after pub-*
llcatlon are out of print and generally
forgotten In the secend year. And on
the other hand there are, too, success
ful novels for which the demand for
copies Increases from year to year, as
the publishers, Doubleday, Page & Cow.
say is the case with the late Frank
Norris' story of the struggle ef tha
wheat-growers and the railroads, "Tha
Octopus," which preceded the publica
tion of "The Pit." '<=•; v*
. - /HATEVER effect the WalJ
ill street depression may have had
\XJ in New Tork tha bcok business
Stray Bits Jt bout
Jfuthors' Doings
"^Certainly. .Mr. Howells*' persistent
plea for literature of life as It is. and.
rot as ."it used .to be three " hundred
years ago, is finding its answer in the
trend of the modern ¦ novel. We . are
reading' stories about ourselves .now—
stories of business, of sociological con
ditions, of modern society. "The PiU"
"The ' .Relentless • City,'.' "Brewster's
Millions," "Letters of "a S.elf-made
Merchant to Hl» Son" — these have tak
en the palm from the romantic stories
of two or three "years back, The few
tales of romance "which have found
.market ihls; year have 'been more or
.less failures. Despite the announce
ment of one of the- old line magazines
that they' would not have any "timely"
.articles for 1904. timeliness of.- spirit
•eems to be the feature of the leading
books of the day.
•That'the sea3on has been productive
of one. distinctive feature at least Is
.?h(twn by .the unquafified success which
has attended the fcubrcntloo of the
popularly styled politLcal novels. For
aver a year past several of the month
lies, nc-tably ' McClure's' with its work
by' Lincoln Ste ffens/ have' been arous
fpg.'-public interest In jthings pol.itlcal
to a " remarkable pitch. Following
.Closely upon this new* Idea came "The
Hops" by. Alfred Henry Lewis, and
.'The Mills of Men" by Philip Payne.,
These two novels, both written by
pejvspaper men who knew the game
from the ground up, have had an im
mense popularity and served -to point
the way. to- imitators of lesser lights.
The political novel will evidently have
a vogue. • ¦*.-..•-
¦ Be it not understood, however, that
any' disparagement is intended to be
cast at the sum total- of the year's
fiction. There have been" some excel
lent books written by stro. 3 authors;
there h*v*e also appeared to view some
npw •writers whose maiden efforts give
promise for. the • future. New veins
have been developed and old' ones
¦touched in new manner. The season's
results have been distinctive but hard
ly epoch making.
As to what have been 'the *>est books,
that Is a question which admits of as
many, different answer's as there are
readers. '.The only approximation which
can be arrived at upon this -point IS
that : " suggested by ihe respective sales
of seme of the leading works 'of fictio'n.
John fox's "Little Shepherd of King
dom Come'* has .been among the lead
ers, sharing honors with Marion Craw
ford's "Heart' of Rome." Jack London's
remarkable story, "The 'Call of the
Wild." has received . a most flattering
¦weleome.and throughout East and West
has. been one of the best sellers of the
year. Qulller-Couch's "Hetty Wesley,"
Jatne? Lane Allen's "Mettle of the Pas
ture," Stanley Weyman'a "The Long
Night", afid Richard '-Whiting's "Yellow
Van". have, also been well .up in the lead
¦of the most popujar.. -fiction.
If se&ms to .have berti the character
istic of'*he book year that no' one work
.of fiction. has .stood forth prominently
as. the book of the year.'- It cannot be
sajd 'as In the past that Kipling's So
antf So of. . siicTh and subh- a novel by
William Dean Howells has been "the
book par -excellence. On' the contrary
ther.e have been many good things
written in the last twelvemonth, but
nothing great.. Of all the product? of
'the thousand and one scriveners It can
be .Justly .doubted whether ten will be
read " ten years hence'.
.'¦-•" an Inventory of what has been
giv>iT i*> them by the- writers for the
yearpast. T-he question is immediately
askt-d: What h*as"'been worth reading
and what are tne best books of the
season?
• /*°- W that th? riovel season is
?\ I Tver* and the floodgates of fiction
I \{ have been- closed for a brief
"| ." .period the reading world has a
t ' chance to -draw' breath and take
Jl Brief Review
•:•:;.. of Late Fiction
Ernest H. Abbott win write a series at
articles on "The American Negro," with
Industrial, educational and religious as
pects of the race problem. Dr. Edward
E. Hale will contribute illustrated pa
pers of reminiscence entitled "Persons
and ' Places." * Elizabeth McCracken.
after special study undertaken with
.this work In view, will write on "The
women of America," and Joseph R.
Buchanan, "the man who has led more
strikes than any other man in the coun
try." will present three articles under
the caption. "The Story of a Labor Agt
tator." Further, William D. Hulbert
writes of "The Life of a Lumber Jack."
Hamilton Wright Mable of "The Coun
try of Chateaux"— Touraine. and the
Very Rev. Charles W. Stubbs. dean of
Ely. "The Life of a Cathedral." Articles
on music wlll.be written by Daniel
Gregory Mason and on the "Art of
Landscape Gardening" by Samuel Par
tons Jr. "!
THE SAN; FRANCISCO SUNDAY^ CALI1
WHAT THE AUTHORS ARE DOING
7don't .know what concern that ; is of
yours," he said. ' „-, •¦. .,¦ ••.*rr %r,^;fyr: ¦ ¦/
. ''Although you know - absolutely^ that
she has picked your pocket?" ;>. V ' '
/ '/AHhough I . knpw<; ; absolutely that
she v has picked my* pocket^ i I; repeat, I
don't knowj.what /joncernjt^is^ofi^ours.
The, pocket was' not j your packet;-. The
lady happens; to ¦ be'« a friends of ! mine; .
she Is at '¦¦. liberty. , to pick* /my -. pocket
whenever she likes;- indeed, she i'has ex
ercised/that privilege!' from the- first
time she, met me!" ¦'- : . i . -•.> "x; , .*
soon make it some, concern'; of,
mine!" said, the virtuous Parlby. . "De T '
tectlve,} I . call on you to /arrest th'at.
woman, as a. thief, and the man* as a
witness, or worse,- leaving the State."; If
you ' don't,' Til do it, myself,; and I'll
make it .'damned hot for" you." ¦."¦'. " .
• Fate, which .makes history, and^is
much concerned to / make it worth read-,
Ing, : ordained that ten years^ a'f ter r *Ed
win Parlby|srexhibltion of ; public ? spirit
the: three} actors in the_ little-, scenes in
the railway^ carriage' should v find , them/
selves settled in t the same-municipali
ty. The place y&s in ; the Fac West/
and need not b$ designated otherwise
than 'as -the city of Blank... /, ; . ". •,
;• The ¦ three . had prospered _, greatly^ - in
the^ lntf rvaL * Edwin f Parlby ', had/ re-,
cently got the, leading, bank of. the. city
of Blank where he could squeeze it and
had squeezed. . . Lisle Prankerd was one
of the ; directors ; it had | been: In the city
of Blank that he had found his fortune.
He resigned from .the board and,part
ed with his Interests in the bank when
Parlby was ' elected. ¦. P.eggie .Niven ..was
I want to know on the level what aU
this shindy means between you and
Parlby. The town's a good town, an*
I believe in it. I want to buy some
lots." '£vl : i ,V^- /'- ;
"And you come to me for advice? I
advise you to hold off. \ The boom's
coming all right; but it won't come till.
Parlby wants it - to. Parlby's got me
treed."
"You mean it's just a case of freeze-
Prankerd laughed.* • -^ '¦
"You speak as. if a case of freeze-out
were easy. Yes. it's just a case of
if reeze-out."
i "Damn Parlby," said Peggie. •
"Just my.\ sentiments, only much
more elegantly, expressed," said Prank
erd.
' "All, right; I guess I know alii want
to," /.said. Peggie. / . k .
. "So do I,", said Prankerd.
•"Yes, 1 1 guess you <"jo; but I rive you
a pointer. I don't know, whether I'm
going to take a hand in this same or
not. I don't mostly, tell what I'm going
to do beforehand: it mightn't be con
venient. . But Just you . don't casn ,- in
your chips before you have .to."
' And with this oracular metaphor, she
started to . take her leave. She paused
at,the'door. •- ;. .' , : -
•„ "I . owe .. that \ Parlby )' one ; from way
backl It's about time his luck took a
tumble." — .> ' •: ¦-.. — . : , •
. Immediately after Peggie's Interview
with Prankerd there , was a second fund
In the, market to oppose Parlby. Peggie
had strained her credit,. whlqh was con
siderable, to' the-utriiost,- and .became a
reckless bu"yer. of options.
.A few. days later, a. rumor .ran , like
mad through , the .town, in especial
through' the • -Under /World/ that the
Bank of : the Occident was not '. safe,
and depositors In a passion of haste
to withdraw their accounts .fought on
the bank floor ror priority. ' The .story
ran that /the "V bank .had* -been robbed
in open day; the story .was scoffed v at
In the streets and lnjthe'clubs; the de
liberate'6plnibn"_was J ' that Parlby "had
overreached himself,'-, and that .the rob
bery 'was -a "fake" ; , and "the ¦ deliberate
opinion . was , confirmed ", when It' came
peareo* In the Tax Collector's books In
the; city, of Blank as : that ,of the owner
of< certain, temples where, men sacri
ficed • to fortune and . to . .other heathen
deities whose .worship is not extinct.
H If. a 4 gambler , 'jwei^t broke" he betook
himself to Peggie, for a fresh "stake" ;
and If a friend goti "pinched" Peggie
was the one to bail him out. It is even
reported .; that- the Upper World, levied
upon .her. for: contributions' to charity
and got^them.v. It- is hot reported, "how-,
ever, , th at she was v ever aeen! in " an.Up
per- World {dra'wiqg-room. In the words
of Jthe Under; World song, she "wouldn't
be a' lady If shecould.".
iT/At'thel time when the dlrectors.of . the
Bank "of ',, the ] Occident discovered "that
they, had long wanted Edwin Parlby for
president ithe ..citizens of the municipal
ity,' of ' Blank wefe ' universally" occupied
in a ' : game : . of beggar-my-nelghbor,
which. cannot have been gambling, be
cause . there was ', and is ' an ordinance
against', gambllng-iri ; public places duly
passed and made n' part of the effective
i law of 'the "al ty. It xiake3.'all the" differ
ence ;that town lots are. Played . f or ln-
Bteadof chips/arid 'that jjth'e, expanse of
heaven itself serves "as .walls^arid "celling
of the'gainWlng hell." Every one had.be-
. gun to assure every one' else that "good
was ; "goin'. to ch"uck; it." iOnVher/re
turn to ; the >WestiShe -"took :; ;^. •fresh
deal in : the ; game,','^ and : her name, ap- f
? It chagrined 'her, very much '.to' be told
in'Colurnbusby^th'e Judge .befprfe whom
Stockholder Par^lb'y . succeeded , in* bring
ing her, '.that " It ;^wa*s Ithe'-, will of the^
commonwealthj that v she settle, In \lts*
pjenite'ntiary '•']! or* . five ¦years. ¥¦ i'lt's; myj
IaBt ; trip .East,".: was*; her J resolution .on
receiving iithe^sehterice,"*, was
shortened \by /a ; good to " three"
years and :*nine months^-time^ enough,'
however,; for hert to come to; some con
clusions, :t the •. most 'I Important, of »whlch
was J'graftin', doesn't pay" arid. that she
th% local queen In the city of -Blank of i
the' under nvorldi ?5he "was 22 ypatrB old
when ¦'""she first .' Introduced- herself -to
Prankerd. -r.. She* had shifted ficom: New.
York to -the. Wes.t _out' of 'motives "of
personal ¦¦;.; shyness ;jii the/ .metropolis
wished to show' her courtesies .which
she .\^ould have;, found embarrassing.
The : police' had made her acquaintance,'
had". demanded^'arid , secured . a phot.o-^
graph . of [ her none too " attractive cpun
tenance, had given : her- a", number,; in
their,, gallery of celebrities, r and ".were
eager upon' the .first 'opportunity'/ to
show* her still other marks" of th"eir es
teem^v-^ -*/'.. : "-'^ '.,. ' '"''¦':, " .'. ''":'.!-'-
"That's what I had in Omaha; don't
you remember, Omaha?" . ,
"Yes. I remember Omaha, but,' what's
that got to do .with pal?" . , ' ,
"Don't you remember the two nights
you were held up out there? I'm sure
you're the bloke. Ain't, rorgdtten. have
you, how. the fellow that held you up
divvied with you? He had on a brown
coat;' don't you recollect, an* talked
with- you. 'bout dinin*? -You wouldn't
seufl $l .-fellow like that over the road,,
would you?" •_ ' v ,
'"Well, I'll be d— d! 1 .'. was all Prankerd
could say.. . ! ' •••' > r fc Vij
We're pals. Shake," said the
woman, not meanlng'to assent to Pran* :
kerd's expressed' opinion, but to his
unexpressed recognition.''- ?*¦ : .; . -.
f" "Seems to me you've channed since
Omaha days," said Prankerd,' 'accepting
the' invitation and laughing, '•
f Prankerd; meditated; he .liked Peggie.'
"Rlvvy ..and^divvyj- turn about's' fair
Hand out" the roll ia.n«l ¦ I'll split
it wi|h you; 'I'll' give you half."
produced, the roll^from her
stocking and handed [it to Prankerd.'
He counted it and ¦ handed.* her back I
half.- '. ~'..'\ ; v ' ; : ¦ ¦ .. '"
, "You'se a man," she" said. ( r * ',
"So are you-^pmetimesr/.t^.. .. .
•The detective /viewed the/exchange
with- greedy 'eyes, :• but said, nothing;
there was nothing for. him- to^say.' jBy.
rights/ as "rights go^Iri' such*- circum
stances,' there was ' nothing for ¦ any ; one
to say, but one Edwln'-Panby, alSo a
passenger^ 'thought^other^'lse. - E^win
' Parlby hadr # a Calvinisffsoinewnere
.-among his forbears; he did not khow
, Just; where, bu£ no matter, f or. that ;• he
spelled. government and " Justice^: in
«¦ yT&Tg'e ' caps" ". and ;. had " Ideas , of '' public .'
spirit. -He stepped . forward and' ac£
dressed Prankerd. .' v .;*,'?
- . "1 beg* your pardon; -do, I "understand
that you mean to allow this woman to
go free?" .V ';, 'I..;'".".""
¦ „ Prankerd ' looked at the* speaker with
. exasperating good • humor. . **rm sure ; I.
.i'iVYOlI arei.dne." the robber ex
* /• 1 claimed.. still coveringPrarik
' /; li *rd with th< revolver. "I al
: 'f_ 1 ' most f.eel sorry for you. Come
.•' • nearer. J.he larrip. an' lemme
get a. coed squint a't' you. Say, ain't
you the same mug • I touched last
night?" . • . . ¦
• Prankerd lauglifd. . "Yes. I'm up
against It. -all. right.. Suppose you let
me piit my hands do\vn." * .'
"JvTot on your life; -you're more com
fortable with ''cm where they are!
Say. on the' level-.. are you really bust
ed?" • : • • . \ • . . •
"If I '.hadn't had an invite to-night I
ttWldn't \a\dined." * -.,?'. _¦ z '..
E g "Is that straight?"' • •
"Straight as I'can",make }t."
.The robber- lowered' the revolver and .
drew a five-dollar bifl from an inside
coat pocket. "Dine oh me to-morrow,
pard." .he remarked, -handing Prankerd '
Che bank note. "The •v.atch I took from
you last night-I needed ih.my business,
but I ain't goin' to have you runnln*
around hungry on my account. When
you're In luck, p'raps I'll touch you up
again. Take care o* -yourself."
"Same to you," said Prankerd, and
the two separated again.
A year later Lisle "Prankerd consult
ed with his wisddm and dined accord
ingly — he 1 had found' hts fortune; he..
was at", least at" the moment hard in
pursuit of it as'fast as the Ne-tf York
arid Chicago express could bear. him.
It was a momentary check to his sat
isfaction that he found as the train
was drawing toward Columbus that he .
had lost his puree. Columbu3 is no
place* for ja man who has -found his for
tune and lost his purse, and Prankerd
knew- it, and-he told "the condpetor that
he knew it. He. told him also that he
knew ihe general' superintendent, and
that this gentleman- would not be
pleased to hear ..that passengers on" his
train were -deprived of their parses.
Fortunately for the conductor the de
tective of the division was on the train
and he was immc-flia.tely advised of the
theft. ; • . .
"How much .dough' was In that
purse?" he asked Prankerd. -
"What has that to do with you*"
Pranlicrd eoUnter-questioned. "Al; you
need to. know is that I. have been
'touched,' and that i. want my purse
(back." .' ' • •• v:>;
•"Think you'd know lyoiir leather
again if * yop - sa"w it?" Izod queried
with Justifiable sarcasm. -. .
• "Find it' and see," said Prankerd."
.The first thing that a "wise. copper"
on a train does "on learning that a pas
senger has been "touched 1 ' is to go
through the train <md see whether he.
recognizes among the. passengers any
known thieves. • Izod began in the
smoking car .and went through th? .
train to the last Pullman. In the last
seat of the .'last Pullman he sa-w and
recognized his old acquaintance, Peggie
Xiven. He bowed, -•• shook han*H, and.
¦at down beside her; not at her invita
tion. "Wise." detectives get on without
invitations.
• "Suppose you've thrown the leather
out of the window, haven't«you. Peg?".
""What leather?" demanded Peg. ; . • j
"That leather 't y/m pulled up in the
next car." . ;: ._
"Sir,!' r^he «sajd,' "if you do not leave
tne Insjantly^ L'll call the conductor.
I'll call^ him" anv^oTv. Conductor!" sh'e,
called. "¦lie*' came. : "This man is'lnsult
ing rpe t "and.Jt...wJ«H you would'order*
bim away.", '¦ J .- ¦ V. ~ ; v
It was a poor "f rent," but the- wonf
an was^tbliy and .she had to take'lalg*
chances. The conductor was soon ad
\"iBed by Izod how matters stood, and
was told to ask "the gent, that had'been
touched" to come and "size up the slick'
MolL" * • V ; * i
"Dfl you see this woman in' your
car?" asked Izod* of- Prankerd. c ' '
Prankerd admitted that he had : . "She"
eat. for a while In the seat behind me,
and later she asked me to rise from my
¦eat -while she looked for her gloves."
• *'Novr£"""Peg," continued Izod, "you*
better 3J9jugh up an* have no rows, 1
.'causirTT^ i got you dead to rights. You
•Just-dife'joSwn in that stockin* o f yours
an'.hatri/out the roll. If I can, I'll*fix
it up an* let you m«och."
Peggie** 1 knew of nothing better than'
to keept up her bluff, and she kept it up
.with" vlgoir and force. 1 " ££§&§!]
- "Wi&iWfo pinch your. •¦'-•.
"Oh,. iilnchryour old clapper-tongue,'
will you. and .shut up." -.•i<.\'\
. "All-rifchtJ then." said 'Izod, "put up
your-" dukes' white I put the cuffs on
'em." %£' * -', ¦' • .
Peggie! had? no* more than seen the
handcuffs when. she, changed her bluff ; r '
flje t 8creamed and wept like a woman!
Jn a flflCbf ' hyietricsTi Prahkerd pushed
his .way- through- the patherfne and he"*
and the* woman looked each other full
In the face. Suddenly the woman again
changed front. -r .- '.-'-•¦
"Aw! git away, it's my pal." she said,'
laughing, and grabbed: Prankerd's
hand. ' '
"You've got me, roy good woman." t
times" were coming, when every one
would say in chorus that he believes
thfe price of real estate is going up, and ,
by' a flat of lies would Increase Its value
and make something out of nothing.;
.Lisle i Prankerd was one of those
whom the last , division of saving had
made happy. When he said that "good
times" * we're coming his words -were
bandied- from mouth to ~ mouth, and
every one who heard. them, instead of
being rationally sorry and ; tightening
his purse strings, was irrationally glad.
This cheerful unreason in a community
is called a spirit of business enterprise.
When it was known that h\ had bet
"good times" were coming and had
staked almost all he had realized on
his Interest In the Bank of the Occident
— that he had quietly bought options
on bits of town and. suburban property
for which there had hitherto been no
market — the , cheerful unreason became
more, cheerful and there. , was an In
stant disposition to 'back his bet.
WJiat checked their cheerfulness for
a moment at least was not that they
perceived ¦ its unwisdom arid that back
ing .Prankerd's bet was precisely the
Vay to make him" win it and win It
from themselves, It was that Parlby
had made abet on the other side. He
had for a long time bought in what
'ever realty was offered at forced sale
in and about the city and had become
the largest holder "In the county. When
the "spirit of " business enterprise"
stood erect because of Prankerd's ln
' vestments Parlby reduced it at a stroke
to a state of limp dubiety and surmise;
he. began to offer his holdings for sale
at any. price, at whatever he could get.
Prankerd was admitted to be shrewd,
but it was Just possible he was "losing
his grip"; it was "quite certain Parlby
had "done" htm in! the matter of the
Bank of the. Occident.
Lisle Prankerd r did not want the
property which Parlby offered;, that
was why he bid it In. It was also why
Parlby offered more ' and yet more for
sale, and why Prankerd continued to
bid it in: until it became plain that if
the "good times" really did not come,
and that suddenly, the last man that
any one need. wish to become would be
Lisle. Prankerd.
When matters were in tjils posture a
card was brought one morning to
Prankerd at his office.
"Yes, It's me," said Peggie, entering;
"always on hand when I'm wanted,
and sometimes when I'm not. I've
come to 'talk business and you can send
away that ' young man If , you don't
want him yourself as a protection or a
witness; I want to place some 'dough';
to be understood that after a haaty
meeting of the directors Parlby was
held .to have overdrawn his personal
balance, and was in the trinlon of his
associates discredited. Parlby, the de
liberate opinion was, had been sacri
ficed. Justly enough because of his pri
vate, ventures, to 'save the bank. After
a* day -or 'two a definite account was
made public, but the account was too
"sensational" to obtain Immediate be
lief. What had happened In the Occi
dent was this:
On the morning of the day when the
panic had occurred a low. thick-set
man with shaggy whiskers and a hand
bag entered the Occident as if It be
longed to him and demanded to see the
president. The president's sanctum In
those days was a space apart, walled
off by slabs of plate glass a quarter of
an Inch thick and screened from vulgar
gaze by silk curtains in baby blue. The
visitor announced that he had business
of importance to both of them, and re-,
quested Mr. Parlby as they entered the
sanctum to give orders that they might
be uninterrupted. When this order had
been given and the door of the sane-*
turn was closed the visitor dropped his
handbag in front of his chair and with
one hand covered ParLby with a re
volver in excellent condition and with
the other produced a pint flask.
"I guess I've got the drop oa you.
pard. all right; don't move, 'causa I'm
kind o' nervous in m' fingers, and this
here gun's got a blamed, easy pull Be
sides, this flask's full o' nitro-glycerl-t
ine an' I might drop It, an' you an' me
an' the bank 'ud all make our bow In
hell -together. Sit down, careful like,
bo's not to set off no electric buttons,
nor alarms; there's no knowln' how
little "ud make me lose my hold on the
bottle. There, now, that's real homt
. like and comfortable — remind* me o*
mother. Suppose we talk."- ;\ V.
Parlby was not a coward; he said so
afterward, but he remembered, that he
was president of the bank and a citizen
of value in the community, to say noth
ing of his being engaged at the moment
to marry Miss Ansted of the San'Fran
cisco Ansteds. It was ; Parlby's steady
practice In life to say nothing of pri
vate motives when public motives could
honestly, be put "forward; and tht man
certainly did look as if he meant busi
ness, and nitro-glycerl-i-ine Is not to
be despised.
"It's up to you to do the talking,"
said Parlby, putting up a creditable
front. "As far as I see, you've' made
an ass of yourself, whoever you are. All
I've got to do is Just to sit quiet; you
can't get out of the bank; you couldn't
win clear In the street if you did get
out of the bank; you'll go to the pen
for this morning's Joke.. If there's any
thing to be said, it's you can say it."
"Sure! I'll say It fast enough. But
you can come oft your perch Just the
same. If I was leary of. the pen I
shouldn't be here, an' you know It. I'll
talk business with you, if that's what
you -want. I'm on my uppers— see?
Either I get the dough I want or I
croak, 1 an' if you don't give me what I
want we croak together. You're my
last card, an' I'll play you, by God!
"What you say o* Just sittin' still 's
tommyrot. You make out a check pay
able to yourself for the sum I .name an'
have the- stuff brought In here an*
stowed away in that bag. /Or you've
seen your luck an' we'll both of u»
know what's what." ¦
Parlby's visitor had been speaking
with a fierce lntentness that was con
vincing. Parly thought him mad. Per
hape that was why he attempted to
reason with him.
"Even if I - got you the stuff and
stowed it away In that bag you
couldn't get away with It. You'd bet
ter talk sense. If you've got any. I'm
not to be bullied In my own office, with
forty clerks In call, armed as well as
you. That's the last word I have to
say, and be damned- to you."
"Mr. Parlby, you will take up. that
pen and write what I tell you. I take
my chances of getting away, .once the
stuff is in my hands. You won't give
an alarm till I've sot clear of the bank.
I can throw a flask on the floor outside
as well as here, an' you're much too
careful qf your skin to take any risks.
; You put up a bluff that I'm • bug
house. Well. I'm not so bughouse but
I can see you're so scared of me you
can't sit in that chair without holdln*
on. You take up that pen an* write
what I tell you, an* be quick about it.
I'm kind o 1 nervous, as I said, an* this
gun's got a blamed easy pull an" the
outside o* this flask's kind o* slippery."
Parlby shrugged- his ; shoulders,
dropped his eyes— and searched for a
pen. • ' *¦
• • ' • •
It is said that the special officer of
the bank and half a dozen. clerks start
ed in pursuit before the man with the
handbag:, had fairly reached the pave
ment. There must have been two men
with handbags; such coincidences hap
pen. , Possibly the coincidence wu not
accidental. At all events they assailed
a man with a handbag and so quickly
did the police patrol respond to the
private alarm from Parlby's office that
the man was not yet overpowered
when the wagon arrived. "When he was
taken into custody he proved to be the
wrong man, and the handbag proved
to' be the wrong handbag. It • la possi
ble that this mistake might not have
been made if Parlby had personally
superintended the chase, bu$ he re
mained in his office; he was accurately
acquainted with the properties of nltro
glycerf-i-ine, which* Is quite as effec
tive in a paved street as in a marble
floored building, and though he may
have. had no regard for his own life -he
had other things than himself to think
of. lie thought of them.
The next day there wasfound In an
alleyway at the rear of the bank a suit
of clothes, a revolver and*a. flask, all
Identified by Parlby as belonging to the
robber. The flask was* found to con
tain sweet ell. "In the minds of some of
Parity's fellow citizens this discovery
confirmed the notion' that he had him
self contrived the robbery; In the
minds of others it served simply . to
make him ildlculous; in the minds of
all it still further discredited him. The
directors began to suspect they had
been mistaken in. their idea that Parlby
was Just the man they had long wanted
for president. Certainly, as it" after
ward turned out, he^had made a great
blunder in parting; with his real 'estate.
"'Peggie was. never again heard to* say
that she* would get even with' Parlby.
In' the" city of Blank there was little
of anything that she was again heard
to say; she soon closed out her inter
ests'there at a great ' profit , and : teft
the place, disappearing: Into the' be
yond,'where she still ' remains! f ..' '.
.It is Just possible that she feels she
has got even with Parlby, though It Is
Questionable whether she 'would hold
her hand if the chance should offer it
self, to get even with him again. All
things considered.. it is doubtful wheth
er Peggie's ruling trait Is gentleness.
THE- .-SAM -'FRANCISCO- SUNDAY CALL-
PEGGY NIVEN
8The Sunday Call Magazinefells and ribbons. A number of full
length ones are meant for dainty gowns,
while shorter, deeper ones say as plain
ly as poFsible, waists. Even the small-'
est detail has not been forgotten, for
one well of drawers boasts of V lock
and key and when it is opened reveals
a royal lining of purple velvet that was
meant exclusively for jewels. 1
If its contents are valuable there Is
not that annoyance of locking each and
every drawer, but the doors may be
swung gently into place and one lock
ing suffices for all.
The high four-post bedstead is an
other treasure that has been unearthed
from its weight of cobwebs the
bed 'with the rolling top ' and bottom,
match. You may cover your walls with
nosegays and colonial' stripes and use
the same pattern for curtains' and bed-
spreads, for they are prettily and eas
ily-furnished with -white; cotton fringe
In little tassels or' balls. 7 *:
both as low as the posts arc high. Is
quite as much in demand. Both sug
gest, billows of feathers and , the old
fashioned* chintz of critonne hanging
that are so pretty. And nowadays wall
paper c«mti with cotton hangings to
Then if you would ha%« your room
complete you must have the low bench
with the shoe. box beneath It. In order
to make it quite comfortable it should
be fitted up with a small mattress and
a valance of the same cri^nne conceals
the boots ' and at the same ,i time car
ries out, the gay-flowered color sdheme.
This same idea! has been carried, out in
what is called the "brass; slipper-seat"
that was made as a pretty adjunct to
the brass bed, but It Is not nearly as
effective , and , certainly does not add
to a colonial room." * • ", , • ' "
Of chairs the t antique crank has al
most . an : endless variety, . but the One
that really looks as though it had come
out of the ark is rightly termed the
"grandfather chair." It is plenty large
enough to easily hold two people, and
looks , as thouarh it had been made • for
wintry i nights, , when cheerful fires and*
piles of I magazines extend the"; most j in
viting and alluring invitation to spend
a ': cozy evening. The arms are broad
and of a goodly, height, but instead of
ending as , nearly, all of them do, they
seem cut in; half, and the half that con
nects ; , with \the , back • extends \ to the
very a tip top of the chair. Not only does
it give the chair a novel appearance,
but* It -looks most, too cozy "for words,
and If one were guilty of the dreadful
crime "of falling asleep over a book
there would not be the slightest danger
of 'falling out, or even getting into an
uncomfortable position, for that matter,
for the extension of the * arms 'serge's
as an admirabl e headrest.
"..The dainty -parlor "chair is more on
Jhe Chippendale' order. An^ jLrmchair,
I prettily, but hot elaborately carved,' and
: what : we would call rather ¦ simple ,ln
'design, yet ¦ not much . more"; could be
added ¦ without ¦ taking : away ¦-' Its real
Furniture From
W. & J/Sloane & Co.
.seat and giving the chair a good solid
look are three . curved pieces of ma
hogany that fit one into the other. Not
rounds, mind you, that look as though
their only excuse for being was to add
strength, but flat bits that add not a
little to the beauty of the chair.
The diningr-room in a colonial home
was one of its most attractive features,
and the housewife of to-day thaf can
boast of a sideboard and table fash
ioned years ago has something that Is
truly worth while. •
(Everything was built on a generous
scale, and the board that did- not
measure twenty-four Inches In depth
by seventy-two In length was not a
very good one. Hie top was plain, ab
solutely eo, and did not boast a mirror.
Of drawers there were three of goodly
size, two small ones and a large one in
the center, and the remainder of the
space I was taken up in compartments
built to correspond with the size of the
drawers. The dividing line between the
compartments was fashioned in post
style, which were slightly, carved; but,
with the exception of a fanciful scroll
on the top- of the board and a sugges
tion on the claw feet, the piece. stood
severe and simple, Its chief charm
being its great simplicity. \
The tables of long ago were every
bit as fetching. To be sure, there was
none of that dainty, cozy apartment
look about them, but they stood firmly
on four great legs that looked as
though they might be braced together
to hold up the load of good things that
the good old housewives used to take
such pleasure in preparing. Oftentimes
a. great square post, say a foot square,
formed the main brace, and the four
legs that joined on to the solid slab' of
wood were fanciful In shape, in order
to break up a too solid appearance, for
the underpart, or footrest, was nearly
always made/ of a . heavy piece of the
wood, which added to its weight. '
Probably the one relic of bygone days
that Is at all common is the great hall
clock, that has 'solemnly, proclaimed tb
its little A world that ';. the ¦ hours were
swiftly 'passing away.' And how proud
ly they, stand and tlck^bn and on, as
though they were everlasting.
Heirlooms are. Indeed, a blessing, al
though sometimes In disguise; but
there are comparatively, few people who
, can [ tell the j difference - between , a chair
that dates 'to '' the eighteenth '"century
and is a genuine Hlppelwhlte from the
modern Imitation that is turned out
from our factories.
mixed up in a dqzen rourh and ready
pillow fights a day.
The most charming and perhaps the
most useful of all the heirlooms is
what was and still Is called the "high
boy." In plainer words it is nothing
more or less than a chest of drawers,
originally intended for linen, and it de
rived its name from the fact that the
drawers were built as high as one could
conveniently reach.
That may be one thing that the mod
ern manufacturer has improve*! upon,
but the fact remains, nevertheless, that
he borrows his ideas from the time of
Waship^ton. The modern "high boy"
is tall but not as broad as one might
expect. Instead of opening drawer
fashion, it has double doors that lock
in the center and that give it a look
somewhat like the wardrobe. Inside
there are rows of drawers of various
sizes and shapes. There is a spacious
box that will easily hold two hats and
right next to it are small drawers that
are built Into compartments for gloves.
•X y OW is the time to delve head
/\ I first into the attic and store
\ y.rbom and bring forth In trl-
V. ."umph all. the relics of our
'grandparents' good old days. For you
all love them,- you know. Instead, of
leaving the. quaint old pieces as they
were, originally intended, they, were
spilt forth in great glee to maJke room
for the spindle-legged, uncomfortable
gilt affairs that are scarcely one thing
nor yet another, yet withal cost a prica
that flattened- th» family wallet not a
little.
Cut, in turn, they are back to the
attic. Some v.ise old soul said If one
only k-ept things long enough they
would be the height of fashion, and so
it seems with furniture. One generation
you see it and the next you don't, but
it's in the house iust the same.
'And when one thinks of it, does it
not seem the height of folly to relegate
the. quant little rocking-chair that is
digr.ified with the name of Mayflower
to -the darkest corner that can be found
because, forsooth, Dame Fashion sol
emnly, swears and declares that
.svea'thered oaks or walnuts are to be
quite the proper caper?
Yet these little old rockers are perfect
treasures in themselves. In the first
place they are what hosts of our new
chairs are trot — comfortable. Generally
ih*y are low and broad, with a gener
ously curved back that is a decided joy
to weary he.a.ds. It only requires one
look "at them to picture a sweet-faced
woman in all the glory of hoops and
stlCiy starched beruffled skirts, rock
ing and industriously plying her busy
needle;.
And the -most graceful little table
?rer.erc.Hy finds Us way to the chair.
In fact, ore- fcarcely seems complete
yVithout the other. When dignified with
its own ram"e it is called the "candle"
table." as it bo often sat In the hall
covered with brass candlesticks ready
to b^ "lighted at dusk. In fact, just
at pre?ertf one may hear "at early can
dle lishtinjr," and the old time custom
of ' lishttnp: and handing a lady her
bedroom candle Is now one of the latest
pallantries of the day. This same little
tabJf fs .to be found freighted down
with a wealth jo-i candlesticks and it Is
a pretty- old fashion revived to go
twinkttns; uu the stairs like a small
torchlight procession.
As often as not the slender, fragile
lo.oking tab'.e sat by the rocker and
loaned its merry twinkle to its occu
pant ar.d. served as a work table and
*, general catch-all at the same time.
• In the first place. It Is light in weight
tndso can be moved "about easily. And
it's small. Ridiculously eo. nine-tenths
of the women who work one day and
pla'y the next three would say, but
for. the one who never sits down and
idly folds her hands it is plenty large
enough. There is ample room for nap
kins that are to .be hemmed in odd mo
ments: for. the bit of embroidery that
Is to grace the table; for the trim little
collars thaf proclaim her the "soul of
neatness. And there's plenty of room
for a book or two a-nd. her work basket
never seems to be crowded out.
In short these two pieces of furniture
are a -ioy forever, tucked away in a
r'ory corner of the living room. And
that is Just where they belong, for
Vnen the family are sitting and chat
ting the little Mayflower rocks and
creaks sociably and the candle flickers
and announces to all within sight that
the 'corner is not inhabited by drones.
Of course it Is ever so much nicer If all
the furnishings of the room blend and
match to a nicety, for the color scheme
makes -or mars a room. But. unfortun
ately, tbe majority of us are not per-,
inltted to throw out what we don't like
and sally forth and invest in new if
the attic has not generously responded
.to the call for help.
But thanks be, this Is not the chief
-Importance, as good color effects may
be had at comparatively small expense
and we at least have one thing to be
grateful for. Artistic results, do not re
quire a lavish outlay of money and the
articles that cost a few pennies may
be spod shar>es and designs.
; Harmonious color effects depend al
most entirely on good taste and judg
ment, combined, to be sure, with some
email knowledge of the fundamental
••principles of color schemes. And theor
ies. And that is one thing that a bar
rel of^ sold neyer could buy, for it is
not a matter of income but of refine
ment and education. The gold is not
to be despised by any manner of means,'
but charming and effective results may
be had on what most people would
call a mere bagratelle.
The good old davenports of yore are
vrorth a" dozen carved and fancifully
upholstered ones of to-day. They are
eo spacious and roomy and Inviting.
Generally they are almost severely
plain with gracefully curved arms to
relieve their unbending look, but they
are solid and substantial and will stand
any amount of .thrilling runaways and
not be the worse for wear if they get
bean ty. The backs, as a rule, are
quaintly interwrought, but are slender
looking, as, in fact, -Is the entire chair.
The : brocaded "covering may be Just
what one fancies the .most, but it
should be something dainty, for above
all things else this chair looks as
though its one idea was to grace a
drawing or a reception room.
What our grandfather used as his
own chair at the head of the table has
been brought down, rubbed- up and
given a hew seat and, lo and beholt*. it
puts some of the parlor chairs to
shame. . Mahogany Is always mahog
any, and in this day of its craze there
ft scarcely a stick of furniture that is
not fit to grace our best rooms. These
dining chairs are simple, without even
a hint of carving, and the back, which
Is rather broad, is a shining panel of
exquisitely polished wood. Under the
ip— iwi ¦¦inn inn 1 HE morning .sun lay
] sss rcn & warm an( * clear a *" .
ip? R?L|1 ter the rain oi tn8 .
Jvff Sfryfi night before, and
'iS? trtfffla >* oun^ Atherley. as
v5?jl jft\ 1 ni3 horse loped eas
dsiiin ¦ iimuaS ily along the , wids
range, sang ° aloud
for very Joy of Iight-heartedr.ess. Out
here, away from cities and crowds, how
good life was. . -^.C:
The train was in, and Atherley hur
ried around the corner, then halted sud
denly, dazzled by the vision which con
fronted him. On the lower steps of
a car near the middle of the train-stood
a girl, her fair hair blowing in the wind,
her hands full of pink roses, her eyes
gazing straight into his. For a second'
neither moved. Then, as a voice from
within called "Marion." the girl, with,
a quick flush, turned up the steps, and
Atherley, stricken with the conscious
ness of his dusty "chaps," huge spurs
and sombrero, slipped back. He had
quite forgotten his letter. The engine*
gave a preliminary snort, the conduc
tor yelled "All aboard!" but Atherley
still stood motionless, his eyes fixed
on the car wherein she had disappeared:
As the slow length of train began te
move the girl slipped back to the plat
form for a moment, and on the ground,
almost at Atherley's feet, fell a pink
rose. To spring forward, seize ' the
flower, then swing aboard the last car
as It passed »was to Atherley but the
work of another moment. Before, he
had fairly realized it be was on the
train and speeding: eastward as fast as
steam could carry him.
Practical thoughts forced a way, and
his first act. was to take account of
stock-
"Jlm will take the horse back." he.
reasoned. "It's all risrht. Luckily I
have Just about enough for my ticket
to New York." Somehow he had .de
cided that she lived in New York. "And
as for meals. "Well, who knows what
ma> turn-up?" with cheerful optimism.
At the next stop he sneaked forward
to the smokins car and sat down to
think things over. She was certainly
a mighty pretty girl! Atherley. feel
ing for the rose hidden in his breast
pocket, concluded that he would prob
ably, not regret his action.
••But I've got to get busy on the food
question."
There were three or four other men
in the car, the younger ones chatting
together, and another, rather older,
reading in a corner. All eyed him
curiously, and Atherley had an Inspi
ration. If he wocked th*m j right,
amused them, told them queer experi
ences, they might supply him with
food and drink, and as .for cigars, well*
he must husband those he had . care
fully. In pursuance of this idea, he
moved nearer, and soon neld , the group,
enthralled with bis breezy frankness:
'.'So you really Just Jumped on the"
train and came," asked an older man at
length, when Billy had grown aweary
of his task and moved away, "and for
no other reason than that you^wanted
to see the world?" Atherton laughed
rather shamefacedly. -- 1 .-
•That's what I told those fallows.
But I don't mind telling you the truth.
It was— it was on account of a girl,'!
he said haltingly. The older man's
lips twitched.
"A girl! How so?" -'^y'
"I saw- her on the car stepr,** con
fessed Atherley. "And— and I liked
her," he ended lamely, not- even tb
himself did he care to mention tKe
rose. "I wonder If you have seen
her," he added eagerly. "She had on.
some kind of a blue skirt with a white
waist and carried some roses. •They
called her 'Marion.' "
The older man started.
"Marion," he exclaimed, "why, that's
my daughter," unthinkingly. Then hj»
stopped, rather annoyed. A -yoimg.
ranchman, no matter how charming
and gentlemanly, was hardly a person
to be presented to the carefully guard
ed Marion. But Atherley was too ab
sorbed to notice the hesitation.
"Your daughter," he cried. "Raalrjr.
your daughter, oh, I say, what luck!
That will save me an awful lot of Urns
and trouble. 1 expected the deuc« of
a Job In locating her. Though I knew
that I should do It In the end," ha.
added confidently. "Do you mind tell-,
ing me your, name?"
"My name," divided between Lndlj
natldn and mirth. "I am James Ar
buthnot," he declared rather pompous
ly. But Atherley was clearly, unim
pressed.
"Better and better," he, cried. "I
always was a lucky devil," Joyously.
The elder man leaned back and stared
at him.
"My dear young man," began he In,
hla most formal manner. "I think we
must understand' each other. I cer
tainly fail to see where the luck comes
in." Atherley, staring in his turn, be
came suddenly enlightened.
5'Of course. You mean that you don't
know me." he cried. "Oh, that's all
right," easily. "I've heard dad speak
of you hundreds of times. I'm Billy
Atherley, and I've Just been out look
ing up some properties In the "West."
The older man's brow cleared some
how.
"Not William H. Atherley's son?" •
Atherley nodded. : .
"The same. So now won't you in-*
troduce me to your dausrhter?'* wist
fully. "It would save such a lot of
time." :
Arbuthnot, his gray eyes twinkling:,
looked at the young fellow quizzically.
' "If vou ore much like your father,,
and I think you are, you would be
hardly aot to wait Ions for my ser
vices," be remarked Jocosely. .'."Come
along, then. All I ask of you is please
riot. to get married before we reach
New York/* The tone strove to be
stern, but young Atherley laughed hap
pily.
"I make no promises,", he declared,
with gay defiance. '. "Oh, here.hcJd on
a moment," as a sudden recollection of
his unmailed letter recurred ,to ') him.
Pulling out the envelope, he 'tore it
into fragments, letting the pieces float
out of the open window.
"It was to say that I wasn't coming
home," he explained. "I will telegraph
from Chicago. Now, if you are ready .*•
|g :' Young*
j|4tl*erley's
, Xuclt
By A. M.'D. O^den
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
THE GOOD OLD DAYS OF
MONOGAMY
10HISTORIC SCENES IN THE BRITISH HOUSE OF COMMONS
•Jk yOTHING is more significant of
f\ I the inauguration of good feeling
t N- and mutual understanding be-
V. tweefc Great Britain and Ireland
than the almost universal esteem in
which the present Lord Lieutenant of
Ireland— Earl Dudley— is held. Out of
the great number of . titled nobodies
•who have been sent over from Eng
land and Scotland to govern Ireland
you oouia count on the. fingers of one
hand these Vho made themselves popu
lar with- the Irish masses. Most of
.them did not make a ripple on the sur
face.' They enjoyed for a short time
the honeymoon of high official life in
Dublin, surrounded by pomp and dis
play and military honors. They gave
receptions and -balls and held military
reviews. They -delivered addresses be
fore • agricultural societies, in which
•th«y tried to. show how the country
..wes progressing* while history shows It
was, at the time, on the toboggan slide.
Of a truth they neither knew nor cared
a. brass farthing about tne economic
or. social conditions of the country.
.Their knowledge of the Irish peasant
was the gross caricature of the London
stage, whom Lord Salisbury put in the
eame class with the Hottentot. Vfceroy
"after Viceroy went to Ireland with the
notion that he was the head of an Eng
.Ilsh .garrison in a hostile country. They
etaye<Mn Dublin Castle and never took
a'eurve'y of' the country they were com
missioned to govern. They were" sur
"rounded by old-fashioned, prejudiced
officials" and learned nothing about the
people or the country except what was
brought to. their attention in official
'rtports. They allowed themselves to
be swathed like mummies in red tape
because "too Indolent or indifferent to
go -outside' the old-time soft environ
ments, and then wondered why their
administration w.as a failure. Having
pocketed their $100,000 a year and al
lowances they doffed their vice regal*
robes and disappeared. The British
r'ystem of. government in Ireland af
fords fat [pickings or sinecures for
greedy . offiefcseekers who • are of the
righf brand. 'in politics and- religion.
Nationalists and Papists were under
the ban. Turncoats and politicians
who went back on their pledges to their
constituents were richly rewarded. The
salaries paid to Irish officials would
make a Tammany chiefs mouth water.
•They can afford to live like princes in
a land which was truthfully described
a few. years ago as the "most distress
ful country ever. you have seen." The
old sj-Etem is doomed, however, and the
official vampires must go.
The British statesman, Joe Chamber
lain,, twenty years ago, well described
the condition of affairs then existing in
By j: J.'Tobin
Ireland. "The system," said he, "by
which this free nation attempts to rule
the sister country is as completely cen
tralized and bureaucratic as that with
which Russia governs Poland or as that
which prevailed in Venice under the
Austrian rule. An Irishman at this
moment cannot move a step, he cannot
lift a finger in any parochial, municipal
or educational work without being con
fronted with, interfered with, controlled
by an English official, appointed by a
foreign Government and without a
shade or shadow of representative au
thority. I say the time has come to
reform altogether the absurd and ir
ritating anachronism which is known
as Dublin Castle." Since these words
were spoken the wings of this "an
achronism" have been clipped by the
local government act, which gives the
people the right to elect their county
officers, but the administration of many
Important departments of the Govern
ment is still in the hands of Dublin
Castle. As no great statesman— be he
Tory or Liberal—can now defend the
system, another one more democratic
and up-to-date must soon be found.
Spain sent her governors general and
swarms of minor officials to fatten on
the Cubans and Filipinos and continued
the system until the worms upon which
she trampled turned and stung her. As
John Bright well said, "If Ireland could
shift her moorings 2000 miles to the
westward she would soon be under the
oncWa r\f ?Via Ctn*.*. #•**,! CT+..:_. ,« -r a
tion for the Irish difficulty was home
rule,, and in consequence entered into
some kind of compact with Parnell.re
garding the Government support' of a
bill granting legislative independence
to Ireland. The Cabinet did not sup
port his lordship and the scheme went
by the board. He was succeeded by
Lord Aberdeen, one of Gladstone's most
and Lady Aberdeen visited San Fran
cisco about fifteen years ago they were
presented with an address of welcome
at the Palace Hotel by representatives
of our Irish-American citizens. Subse
quently as Governor General of Canada
he won his way to the hearts of all the
"Canucks" except the* incorrigible
Orangemen, who, like the Bourbons of
Fran<?e, can neither learn nor forget
Lord Aberdeen was a Liberal. The
present Lord Lieutenant of Ireland is
a Torv. With crc-bablv the exception
tice and kindness and willingness to
make amends for the past now soften
and mellow and make palatable the
old-time hateful party, cognomen.
When King Edward and Queen Alex
andra visited Ireland recently the Lord
Lieutenant, Earl Dudley, piloted them
around the country. He is only 36
years of age and comes of a very old
English noble stock, but there Is noth
ing of the cad or snob. about him, al
though he Is a Tory- When the offi
cials of Dublin Castle tried their old
wv.a»f v*. iii& uiaia anu ociipt:>. l-*ora
Mulgrave, who was appointed Lord
Lieutenant in 1835, was deservedly pop
ular. Daniel O'Connell said of him,
"He is filling the office of King's rep
resentative in a manner in which an
Irish Chief Governor never filled it
before."
Lord Carnarvon, "who was appointed
to the same office in 1S85 by Premier
Salisbury, was a statesman of great
ability and world-wide experionce. He
became convinced that the only solu-
.intimate inenas, wno Decame very pop
ular with the masses in consequence
of his avowed sympathy with their
national aspirations and his zealous ef
forts to promote their Industrial inter
ests. The Countess, his wife, heartily
co-operated with him and her labors
bore great fruit in the patronage and
support given to certain line*? cf manu
facture which formerly flourished in
Ireland. Irish poplins, Irish lace, Irish
embroideries, found ready sale among
the ladies of high degree. When Lord
of Lord Carnarvon, the Tory Irish Gov
ernors regarded the masses— the mere
Irish — as not. worthy! of their notice.
As a prominent Irish' member of Par
liament put it, "They hated us and we
hated them in return." Under the new
departure the Tories, to quote a say-
Ins of Disraeli, "found the Liberals in
bathing and stole their ¦- clothes.'.' In
copsequenee the name of Tory no long
er conjures up tales of grinding land
lord oppression, of coercion laws and
ruthless extermination. Acts of jus-
game of shutting him up In their pre
serves he resisted, and said: "I am
going among the people and will find
out things for myself. I am going
through Ireland on my automobile."
"Alone?" cried the officials. "It is mad
ness, my lord; you will be assassi
nated." "No, not alone; Lady Dudley
is going with me." The' automobile
trip was a triumphant success. Often
they would stop at .a peasant's cot
tage, ask for a glass of milk and chat
with the family. They did not go to
the big country houses, the seat of this
or that nobleman, but put up *at coun
try inns and partook of the humblo
fare provided. Lord Dudley would
drink 'an Irish whisky punch at the
parochial residence and chat with ths
priest about the condition of affairs In
the surrounding country. *When he re
turned to Dublin he had/ made hosts
of friends everywhere and there was
hardly a phase of Irish life with which
he was unfamiliar. He la now the own
er of a beautff ul country * home at
Boyle, almost in the heart of Ireland,
and- there dispenses hospitality- of
"cead mille faltha" proportions. It is
not uncommon to see Lord and Lady
Dudley in the streets of Dublin arm
in arm, without police or military es
cort, like ordinary plain people, shop
ping or visiting bazaars and places
where they can do some practical good.
When the Wyndham- land bill was un
der discussion " In Parliament. Lord
Dudley, who manifested great interest
In Its passage, would be frequently ob
served pressing his" views on members
and urging them to support the meas
ure. Now and then it has been re
ported Lord Dudley could be seen in
the dining-room of the House of Com
jnons cllnkins glasses i with John Red
mond, the leader of the Irish party,
and other prominent Nationalists. Lord
Dudley owes- much of his success to
his wife. She is a beautiful woman
and fills also the requirement of Solo
mon, the "beauty of the king's daugh
ter is from within." She is the young
est daughter of Charles Gurney, the
great Quaker banker. Like her pre
decessor in the viceregal residence.
Lady Aberdeen, she believes in cor
dially co-operating with her husband
in, making his administration popular
and successful. "It Is not right," said
Lady Dudley, "that we should draw
large revenues from the poor and never
trouble ourselves about how they live
and how they get tha money which
they pay us." She has spent a great
deal of time and money helping chil
dren's hospitals and orphanages. | She
has given great financial aid to differ
ent lines of Industry inaugurated In
many poor country districts by Sir
Horace Plunkett. The big, four who
are now "doing things" in Ireland — the
men who are piloting the old battered
ship Into calm waters^ — are the Viceroy
Lord Dudley. Chief Secretary George
Wyndham, Under Secretary Sir An
thony JMacDonnell and Sir Horace
Plunkett. There can be no question of
their sincerity and disinterestedness.
Wyndham has twj> great measures to
bring before Parliament when it con
venes, the Irish 1' borers' act and the
Catholic university act. They are des
tined to be the crowning of his efforts
In behalf of Ireland, and the big four
will celebrate the event by Joining in
the popular refrain (amended)^ "Cod
has saved Ireland."
FAT PICKINGS OF DUBLIN CASTLE RULE IN IRELAND
considerable, If the consumption In
Belgium can be relied upon as a guide.
The consumption per head of spirits is
one and nine-tenths gallons and of
wine four gallons. The figures . for
Spain represent spirits and wine only;
the amount of beer is not recorded, but
is probably trifling.
Drink in Colonies.
The consumption per head in the
British colopies, so fat as ascertained,
is as follows:
"¦ Gallons per head per
Spirits. Wine Beer.
New South Wales 7 .7 .9.5
Victoria .. .^. ........ .8 2.1- 12.7
Western Australia.... 2.1 1.1 t25.3
Queensland .9 .5 11.5
Tasmnnia .4 .1 7.2
New Zealand .7 .1 8.2
Natal".... .3 .1 .4
Cape Colony. 1.2 2.0 3.5
Canada.. .7 .1 3.5
It appears that the only colony which
can compare with the European na
tions, in this matter is Western Aus
tralia.. The other colonies seem to be
particularly abstemious.
Alcoholic beverages are regarded by
most governments as a very suitable
objectTfor taxation and a fertile source
of revenue. In Great Britain 36 per
cent of the total revenue is derived
THE NATIONS WHICH DRINK
THE MOST ALCOHOL
The amount of alcohol In these bev
erages is. as is well known, a very va
riable quantity. In brandy it is fro'm
45 to 55 per cent, in gin 50 to 57 per
cent, in whisky 50 to 55 per cent and
in rum 50 to CO per cent. In the above
tables the quantities of spirits are all
reduced to a common standard of 50
per cent of alcohol, and the figures are
strictly comparable. • Wine contains
veVy varying proportions of alcohol,
from 6 to as much as 25 per cent. The
wine which forms the bulk of what Is
consumed . In France, "vin ¦ordinaire."
is cuite at the lower limit; then come
claret, hock, burgundy and champagne
with 7 to 12 per cent, and at the other
extreme sherry and port with 15 to 25
per cent. Wines of this high alcoholic
from alcoholic liquors. No other riation
equals her in thi3 respect, the figures
for other countries being as follows:
United States, 29 per cent; France, 19
per cent; Germany, 18 per cent; Swed
en, 16 per cent; Norway, 13 per cent;
Denmark, IS per cent, and Italy, 1.8 per
cent.
Great Britain does not obtain the first
place either among beer or spirit drink
ing nations, while her consumption of
wine is very far below that of the wine
producing nations of the Continent.
As beer drinkers Britain ranks sec
ond. Belgium being easily first with
forty-four gallons per head. It is,
however, worthy of remark that some
portions of. the German Empire far ex
ceed even this figure— in Bavaria, for in
stance, the consumption of beer has
been in recent years as high as fifty
four gallons per head. Holland Is not
included in the above table, as no rec
ord appears to be published of the con
sumption of beer. This is probably
Gallons per head per
annum.'
Spirits. Wine. Beer.
Ser^kV:::: ]*\ HI ""-I*
Russia 103 -W ••».
Ttaiv 26 20.50 .11
sKinV; .61 .17.50 notkn
Sweden 1.6 .1* S.J
TCnrwav • .48 .68 3.9
Denmark ..-3-3 •" 20.8.
Belgium 2-° -° 6 44.4-
Switzerland • 1-3S 16.6 13.9
United States.. 1-32 .31 If 5
Some few years ago the late Mr. Mul
hall arrived at an estimate of the prob
able average annual income of the In
habitants of certain European .coun
tries. Such an estimate can necessarily
be only approximate, and he only used
It for purposes of comparison. It is in
teresting to compare the consumptlbn
of alcohol per head with this estimate
-of Income, which comparison Is made
in the. same diagram, where the blank
columns represent income. It will be
seen there is a rough correspondence
between the two, the most notable ex
'ceptions being in the cases of Norway
• and Swe'den, 'where the proportion of
alcohol consumed to income Is low In
comparison with the other countries
mentioned. Mr. Jlulhall's figures ara
as follows: . ; ; - . ' • ';'.,;
• Per Per
head. head.
Great Britain.. .33.7 Sweden 22.0
.France 27.8 Norway ...... 20.5
Germany 22.2 Denmark 32.5
Russia .11.5; Belgium 28.0
Italy 12.2| Switzerland ... 13.0
Belgium, Denmark, and France ap
pear to be certainly ahead of us in their
consumption of alcohol. The estimate
as to the strength of English and Ger
man beer.jnay, if correct, put Great
Britain in the third place and Germany
In the fourth, but there is in all proba
bility not a great difference between"
them. The figuTes for the consumption
of alcohol per head are illustrated by
the' black columrfBin the second dia
gram.
In order to estimate the quantity of
pure alcohol consumed by the Inhabi
tants of various nations an attempt
baa been made tc- calculate the amount
contained In the spirits, wine and beer
which thev dijnk. This estimate, of
course, can only be approximately cor
rect, but probably "does not vary sub
stantially from the truth, ft i9 assumed
in the following tabt? and diagram that
spirits contain 30 per cent of alcohol —
this, as has been sta'tcd. Is. exactly cor
rect, wire 6 per cent and beer 5 per
cent. The law limit of wine is chosen
for the reason mentioned above In
speaking about the wine consumed in
France. It Is possible "that this lo'wr
estimate may cause the .consumption
of alcohol in Spain and Italy to be up
derstated. The proportion of 5 per cent
for beer la probably near the mark,
but in the case of Gemany-lt Is per
haps a Htt!e too high, "and in England
a little too low. . . *• ;
Accepting these data, the amount Of
alcohol per head i.<» as fo!!ows; .
. CaJsf GaK
CJreat Britain.. 2.02 Sweden " 87
France .". 2.RR Norway . • «J
Oermnny 2.43[Denmark 3.JI
United Stntes.. 1.3(?!r>cl;rium ...... 2.27
Russia ...."... .57!Switzerland ... 2.30
Italy 1.3t[
strength are, however, only: produced
by the addition of spirits to the pure
article. The proportion of alcohol in
beer and a'e is lower than In wine and
Is less variable. The light Continental
beer (lager beer) cc-ntains about 3% per
cent, Eiisllsh beer from iV 3 to 7 per
cent.
'. This ¦ Is Charles Dooth's summary of
the condition of London as regards
drink,' in the final volume of his great
work.- I have'tested the statement re
ferring to the increase of drinking by
an examination of- the official figures
:for. the la.«t lifteen- years. \VitIi the fol
lo*W result:
Gallons. r^r annum consumed
\ -v .per head. - "':
• . • Spirits. \l*cr. W inc.
JS87— 1S01 ...I .975 28.7 .38
3S<4.;^_l<rrc .-.-. . .:i9T • . CO.O ..>«
1S&7 — MOL . : .> 1.044 31.5 -39
¦ If appears, from these figures that
there Is a Vapid and steady imrease in
the consumption °f bccr an^ spirits,
¦wh.ile .the consumption of wine remains
almost stationary. The increase from
the: first period of five years to the last
is for snirits.7 tier cent an<3 for beer
nearly- 10 per cent. Thus, contrary to
an opinion, which is frequently held,
the consumption of beer is increasing
more rapidly than., the consumption of
spirits. nn<l we are- becoming more than
ever, a beef drinking nation.
Lrss Drunkenness, but More Drinking.
The decrease of drunkenness, which
Mx. Booth remarks is not perhaps so
great 'a benefit to the nation as a dim
inution in the amount of liauor con
sumed would be, for the physical harm
done by alcohol is frequently quite in
dependent "of any visible state of in
toxication. It is the man whe "niDS,"
• but is never drunk, who finally suc
cumbs, to cirrhosis or other forms of
alcoholic poisoning.
. It will be e'vident from these consid
erations that the actual amount of alco
h6l'consumed by a nation is *no guide
to the amount of drunkenness preva
lent, and in fact some nations whose
consumption, of alcohol per head is high
are .distinguished for their sobriety.
Th'e ' following diagram shows the
quantities- of -spirits, beer and wine con
sumed- per head in the chief countries
of Europe and in the United States.
The diagram is based on the figures of
the most recent available year, usually
I90L The. black portion or each column
represents spirits,' the shaded portion
'wine and the white portion beer.
• The eye" is at once impressed by the
fact that where- there is much shading
there is, .as a rule, very little left white,
or in other words, nations very rarely
distribute, their patronage with any
thing, approaching equality between
wine and beer. The only exception to
this" rule c is Switzerland, where prob
ably the two liquids are favored by
different races of Swiss. The presence
ef tourists from many nations will also
have "its offect.
• The figures representing consumption
are as follows:
/ £ CTy HERE is a consensus of opln
• • • I 1 ?', ion: which to my mind carries
•• .. .T ; conviction, that while there
, -A is more drinking there is less
arur.kenncps "than formerly, and that
the increase -in drinking is to be laid
mainly to the account of the female
STRIKING FACTS ABOUT STRIKING THINGS
THE SAN SUNDAY CALIl
gave notice of intention to ask the !
president of the- Board of; Trade
whether certain ships, the names " of
which he read from the sheet of paper'
he held in his hand, "are ov%'ned by — „
- , and whether that gentleman, —
— — is a member of this House."
Amid the uproar Mr. Plimsoll's voice
was heard shrieking, - "I, am deter-'
mined to unmask the villains who sent
these men to : their graves." ! The Pre- : .
mier, showing .disposition to rise and
say a few words, Mr. Plimsoll, still'
standing In the middle of " the floor/
shook his first at the right honorable"
gentleman, and said something that
was drowned in the -uproar. The'
member for Derby was -suspended.'.
But before the session was terminated
the merchant shipping bill was added
< to statute -book, '. and to^day/ the '
load line skims over every ; sea '¦' on
which a British vessel floats.' . A ¦•¦¦' . v
- In' the session of 1 1878; at the - full
tide of what was 'at. the T tinie~ known*
as jingoism, the : : House {of '¦>} Commons <
was one! February night stirred to its'
prof oundest, depths. The Government
had asked for a vote of credit, for six
"millions,? avowedly^ a menace: to Rus
sia, • 'at '; the time at odds , with" Turkey.
Mr. : Foster, on. behalf of : thelfront op
position bench moved' an j amendment
equivalent to refusing the supply. On
1 the 7th of - February the House met
amid rumors that the Russians had
occupied Constantinople. Questioned
by Lord Hartington, nominally leading
the opposition, with Mr. Gladstone
fuming on his flank,- Sir Stafford;
Northcote, leader of the House, . read a
telegram just received from Mr. Lay
ard, British Minister at Constantino
ple,-, statins' that the Russians were
pushing on to Constantinople,
and " had compelled the Turks to
evacuate important 'defenses. The
House recognized in this announce
ment the sound of the war trumpet.
Mr.' Foster recognizing that the aspect
of affairs in the* East .was one of pro
found gravity , asked leave to with
draw his amendment While conver
sation was goir- forward a letter was
passed along the treasury 'bench till it
reached the hands of the Chancellor
of ;• the ' Exchequer. Profound silence
fell' on", the -excited 'House as Sir Staf
,f ord, rose. » In faltering tones he , said
he, had' received. from the Embassador
of Russia official Intimation that there
.was, hot! a' word of truth in the state
ment of -"which Mr. Layard had made
himself i the . communicant.", , The state
of tension relaxed, members fell Into a
state ' of merriment, not wholly free
from suspicion of hysteria. . , .
The first session of -Parliament
elected in 1S80 was marked ' by a
series * of unexpected entrances and
tumultuous exits by Mr. Bradlaugh.
Banquo wasn't in it with' the member
from Northampton. In the course of
a month or so members grew quite
accustomed 'to see him enter, walk
swiftly down the floor, take his seat.
He had, however, come to stay, and
meant to deliver "a carefully prepared
speech. As he stood and shouted the
beginning of sentences, the crowded
house, now in for a lark, persistently
bellowed. This was the . occasion
when, as was written at the time, the
late Cavendish Bentlnck "went out be
hind the Speaker's chair and crowed
thrice." Certainly cock crowing was
added to other more familiar parlia
mentary observations. After the row
THE first time I chanced, to be
present when the ordinarily still
waters of the House of Com
mons were broken up by sudden
etorm, happened about thirty-one
years ago. Mr. Gladstone was In the
course of his first premiership, and
the historic Parliament elected in 186S
was slowly dying. On what should
have been a quiet Tuesday sitting Sir
Charles Dllke rose to move for an In
quiry into the civil list, the extrava
gance of wn'.ch he had a short time
earlier denounced at a public meeting.
Sir Charles, standing at the corner
seat of the front bench below the
gangway, since occupied by him under
varied crcumstances, got along well
enough. He at least managed to
make himself heard. But what he
said got the back up of a loyal ma
jority, and when Mr". Auberon Her-^
bert rose to second the motion he was
greeted with persistent cries of '"vide,
'vide, 'vide." *- " • '
Three years- later, having succeeded
to the Premiership, Mr. Disraeli
found himself confronted with a
scene even more dramatic than that
which distressed Mr. Gladstone in
1872. August was at hand, and the
usual statement of bills thrown over
board was made. Among them was
the merchant shipping bill, in charge
of Mr. Plimsoll. -In those days it was
open to an aggrieved member to dis
lodge ordered business and arbitra
rily occupy the time of the House by
moving the adjournment Mr.-Plim
soll availed himself of this privilege,
beseeching the Premier, in a voice
choked , with emotion, not to consign
some thousands of men to death. The
merchant shipping bill was designed
to check the . practices of a class of
men whom Mr." Plimsoll as
"ship knackers," who bought at a low
price unworthy ships, insured them,
sent them to sea, and when they foun
dered, I as they usually . did, .. pocketed
the spoil. Mr. Plimsoll's excited de
meanor, his scarcely veiled accusation
of a particular member, wrought the
House to a high pitch of excitement.
The Speaker repeatedly calling him to
order, Mr. Pl'msoll darted forward,
waving aloft , a ¦ piece of paper, and
standing In the middle of the floor' he
had continued some ten minutes, a
member jealous of thej reputation of
the House, spied strangers. The gal
leries were cleared, and when they
were reopened it was announced that
Sir Charles Dilke's motion had been
negatived by 276 votes to 2.
to be presently haled forth.
The suspension of thirty-seven Irish
members. "What! all my pretty
chickens and their dam at one, fell
swoop ?"wa3 the climax of obstruc
tion against the earliest peace preser
vation act. Mr. Dillon began it. The
business of the day was the moving of
a new batch of standing orders de
signed to clip the wings of obstruction.
Mr. Gladstone rising to move the first
resolution found himself faced by Mr.
Dillon, who refused to resume his seat
when called upon by the Speaker. He
was forthwith named, and ordered to
withdraw. This he refused to do un
til a posse of messengers under com
mand of the sergeant-at-arma ap
proached. Thereupon he surrendered.
On his withdrawal Mr. Parnell moved
that Mr. Gladstone be not heard. A
scene of indescribable tumult fol
lowed. Mr. Parneir was named, or
dered tb withdraw and, respectfully
refusing, the reserves were again
called out. Four venerable messen
gers, whose united ages probably was
not a day less than 250«years, advanc
ing to the charge, the Irish leader sur-,
rendered at discretion. The farce was
carried out till "the whole. thirty-seven
were expelled, a process which occu
pied an appreciable period of the sit
ting:.
These were the good old days, of
which we see ho more, under the pro
saic operation of the latest batch of
standing orders. •
Copyright In the United States of Amer
ica by D. T. Pierce.
| By iewy W. Lwcy j
"Toby M. P." of Puncli. |
11having been allowed to chaperon any
children through the ways of sorrow
and milk bills before the advent of
Alfred, they didn't know how many
other fond parents had made the mis
take of concluding that the only thing
necessary to set the feet of intelligent
human beings on the right road is to
point it out to him. If this were all of
life it would be so simple a matter that
most of the fun would be eliminated.
The joy of living in this world comes
principally from the opportunities that
are given us to prove to our friendly
advisers that they don't know what
they are talking about. The simple
fact that disagreeable advice turns out
to be correct ninety-nine times out of
a hundred has nothing to do with the
case. The pleasure comes from bet
ting that our case Is going to be the
hundredth.
In order 'that Alfred might not get
mixed on the points of the moral com
pass his parents went into executive
cession at an early stage and voted
unanimously to make a prompt and
regular' attendance at church twice a
day on Sundays a sine qua non, with
a little dose of s Sunday-school and mid
week prayer-meeting for a diversion.
Thus it appears that Alfred was
doomed to an early death or a subse
quent hanging from the beginning of
his life. Statistics show that at 'least
ninety per cenj of the murderers of
this country, including Brooklyn and
Pi ttsburg, were sent to church regu
larly In their early youth.
Another idea that they evolved out
of their subliminal consciousness,
wherever that is, was that the boy who
was always well dressed was Immune
from a great many different kinds of
sin to which the more shabby portions
of the community were subject. The
logical conclusion from this sort of rea
soning would make the dressmaker and
the .tailor more potent forces in the
purifying and uplifting of mankind at
large— and keeping it at large— than
all the preachers from the first Elijah
to the late John Alexander. However,
reason "has very little to do with the
training of one's own children;, men
and women who could do wonders with
the lawless offspring of other people if
they could only get a whack at them
fall down flat when It comes to con
trolling their own Infant industries.
ONCE upon a time there were a
•couple of lineal descendants of
Adam and " Eve who had been
favored with a sample of Jiu
.: inanity of the male persuasion
.to which they had attached the al
luring label- of- Alfred, In order that
he might. -live a respectable life and
.keep his came out of the newspapers.
It Is a well known psychological fact
that 'men named Alfred are' seldom dis
covered .straying outside the narrow
path that leads Ho the realms of the
* happy and generally obscure. Ever
since the original was featured
on the front page of the Paleolithic Ga
zette, as the only trainer of the Great
Dane in' the business .' men who wear
that name .have been compelled to Bit
up 'nights jto live up. to the dignity that
history and their parents baye dumped
on them. This fact Is a rear view of
the proverb aneht the disagreeable ef
fect- of attaching a bad 'name .to an
otherwise guiltless canine.
Tbe .parents . of Alfred were loaded
down to the cuards with theories as
to the proper way of setting the tender
feet 6f their" offspring In the way that
it was desired that he should go. Not
Fable for the
FoolisK
TRAINING A BOY IN
THE WAY HE SHOULD GO
to penetrate that favorite stamping'
ground of the great unwashed Ameri
can democracy, the pride of our states
men, and the subject on which our
orators shout themselves hoarse when
ever they run out of other subjects—
the public school. Alfred could go only
to the most select Institution, patron
ized by the very best people, at so
much per patronize. Measured by the
price, their idea was a good one, but.
alas ! the things that cost the most are
not always the most worth having.
The only exception to the above rule Is
In the case of experience; the more
that costs the more valuable it Is, and
It's about the only valuable that all
men can afford. '.
But we must return to Alfred before
he grows up and leaves us. At 10 years
of age he held the record as all around
model child of the block and was the
Bpedal detestation of all the other kids
for,- a radius of a half a mile around.
He was unable to walk • abroad dur
ing the snowball season without a po
lice escort, and even brickbats were
sometimes drawn to him in a most un
accountable manner. In fact, he could
give the late John Philip Orpheus
points as the great human magnet. He
represented the family at church and
Sunday school regularly and his high,
pale intellectual brow was one of the
principal sights of interest In Dr. Cram
men's select shop for the manicuring of
the youthful mind.
From this time on, however, a change
comes over the fond but foolish dream
of- Alfred's parents. In spite of the
many pious injunctions that he had
received not to associate with any chll-
Captain "Harry** Leonard. has like
wise beheld the front of war. and In. its
sternest aspects. He took active part
before he was twenty-fire years of age
In three war»— In Cuba, In the Philip
pines and In China. . During the Tien
tsin campaign he risked his life by go-
Ing to the rescue of a wounded com
rade, carrying him to safety on his
back across a fire swept field, and list
his left arm as a penalty for his
achievement. If he had been en Eng
lishman the Victoria Cross, prized be
yond all other decorations of the sol
dier, would have been bestowed upon
him.
Tbe other officers as social aids at the
White House are Captain Thomas Jef
ferson Lewis of the Second Cavalry;
Lieutenant Orenvllle Roland .Fortescue,
of the Fourth. Cavalry; Lieutenant
Clarence O. Sherrill, of the Engineers.
and Lieutenant Ernest D. Peek, of the
Engineers. Lieutenant Fortescue. it
might be mentioned, is a cousin of the
President, and much liked - by the
Roosevelt family-
There was a time when one or two
military aids at the White House were
all that were required. But nowadays
it Is different. The social business of
the President has grown' enormously,
and more people are needed to transact
It. At public receptions somebody must
Introduce the people to Mr. Roosevelt,
and that duty, absorbs the attention of
Colonel Symons, but the efforts of a
number of subordinate officers are suit
ably and usefully employed In keeping
In order the line of oncoming and im
patient guests. However, a very Im
portant part of their work Is to lend,
with their gold-laced uniforms, decora
tive effect to what would be called on
the stage the mis-en-scene.
But, as a matter of course, the White
House aids are supposed to be avail
able for any kind of social duty. As an
almost invariable rule they are bach
elors, and .In that capacity are useful
as sauires of dames. Whenever young
men are wanted as dinner partners for
young lady guests they are always at
hand. It is Impossible for them to get
away. As a matter of military disci
pline they must be ready to • break
bread gracefully, utter agreeable flat
teries, and even dance like the prover
bial moonbeam on a frogpond. If there
be demand for such terpsichorean ex
ercise.
Two officers of the Marine Corps hav*
been selected as aids at the executive
mansion for the social season— Major
Charles McCawley and Captain Henry
M. Leonard. Both are Washington men.
The former has been conspicuous In
the society of the capital for more than
a dozen years, and during the Bantiago
campaign In Cuba proved himself a
brave and capable soldier. He Is hand
some and accomplished, very popular
and an athlete. If It be added that he
Is one of the best dressed men In .Wash-,
ington his description will b« fairly
complete.
The social aids for the winter at the
White House are greatly prized, the
work Involved being nothing more than
to helo the President in the- business
of entertaining the publlo.
The origin of the custom of assign
ing officers to duty of this kind at the
White House Is somewhat obscure, but
nothing, obviously, could be more prop
er than that th« President, as com
mander In chief of the national forces,
should be helped at the* publlo recep
tions and on other Important occasions
by military aids. •
Brass Buttons
\ at the
WHite House
Therefore, the proud parents who were
responsible for Alfred's presence in the
world were not bothered with logical
conclusions in the handling of their
particular entry and decked him out in
r a Lord Fauntleroy suit that was cal
culated to embitter permanently the
heart of any right-minded child.
' Another theory to which they clung
with a pertinacity worthy of a better
cause— or boy — was' that no Belf-re
specting parents can be too careful of
the children with whom their contribu
tion to the sum total of human suffer
ing associates. No vulgar street gam
ins for their Alfred; he might fore
gather only with the representatives of
families of culture and Incomes similar
to their own. Nor must he be allowed
dren whose fathers did not have In
comes of at least five figures and cul
ture on draft in proportion, drtad ru
mors began to come to their ears from
people who had heard other people say
that thev had seen the little Alfred,
he of the glassy fashion and the moldy
form, playing In the street with vulgar
children whose Immediate ancestors
were probably in trade or JaJJ.or some
thing equally lacking in gentility. He
began to rebel also at the Lord Fauntle-'
roy outfit in which tney persisted In
confining him: a pair oU>lue overalls
and a calico shirt were more In keep
ing with his frame of mind. It was
even rumored that he had played
hookey from school to go In swimming
off the dock and when he came home
from Sunday school with his lace collar
looking as though he had bought it at
a bargain counter their hearts were
more or less filled with woe. _
At last. In desperation, they sent him
to a boarding-school for boys, where
he would be spared any contact with,
the hol polloi or anything that looked
like it. This was the finish of Alfred.
The first vacation that found him again
In the home of his fathers, likewise his
'mothers, demonstrated to his loving
parents that they had put their money
'on the wrong horse, or else the race
was being pulled in a most distressing
¦manner. His fingers were stained to a
beautiful brown with difficult experi
ments in the chemical laboratory, he.
| Informed his parents; and what he
'didn't know about the wickedness of
jthls world wasn't taught at the school
that he attended. However, they held
>on yet a little longer in the hope that
• there might be a reversion of form.
They even sent him to college that hs
might be separated from some o{ his
rnost painful habits, but all In vain.
.The last that was heard of the sainted
'Alfred was .on the occasion of his being
united In the holy bonds of matrimony
to an accomplished young lady who
presided over the cashier's desk in a
lunch room next door to the institution
of polite learning where Alfred was
sojourning for the time being. It Is
rumored that he Is now the general
'manager of the Information bureau at
;tho railroad station In the same place —
[a position for which his peculiar train
ring and left-footed education fit -him
admirably. \
! There Is a general consensus of. opin
ion among the observers of Alfred's ca
.reer that those who desire to start a
•boy In the way be should go .will do
'-well to ' conceal their intentions from
•the boy; also that It is not always wise
to pick the smoothest roads. ,
(Copyright, 1903, by Albert Britt)
takes good care that no one. around
her shall escape the overweening hap
piness she finds in misery.
Of course, the man blessed with
such a blessing thinks it his inalien
able right to manage her, but I re
peat that a man who undertakes to
manage a woman who does not want
to be managed is about as reckless as
the fellow who sits on a keg of dyna
mite and smokes a pipe. Maybe he
thinks there will be no explosion, but
the chances are that he will be blown
Into such smithereens that there will
not be enough of him left to do duty
as a respectable corpse.
THE woman wno Has t>een wooect
and won baa been to the man In
the case a" dead easy proposition,
but if he thinks he can manage
her later on he will find himself
up aeaiirst a snarl that will perforce
teach him that he is still at the foot
of the kindergarten class' of human
nature. ¦ .
. • If a^ly man ever succeeded in manag
ing a woman who did not want to be
.managed he must have served a long
apprenticeship in taming- all sorts of
wild samples of the. feline variety in
the Zoo; because the minute a woman
scents the fact that a descent is being
made en her- personal and private rights
and- privileges, and that the husband
tbjijks he should 1 ' control a certain cor
ner, of the "back fence, that minute the
lady.of the story' begins, like the felines
of the Zoo, to show her various claws
and sharp little teeth and -does a lot
of spitting: and snarling: on her own ac
count, whereon -somebody gets hurt,
and it is not" the. lady.
Now, a -woman wants to be tbe one
•cpler possessor of the exclusive rights
to the time, place, occupation and af
fection of the man! whom she' calls
husband', and if. she really loves him
she will not- stand for any filibustering
on the. Dart or outsiders.
.' But the -.man who ¦. attempts to do
the. managing must be a colossus of
strength, tact and in-geniousness' that
will teach him to sidestep quickly when
•he finds himself trespassing on dan
fenjus pfround..
• Tbe woman* wh,o may not care a rap
about woman's rights as far as suf
frage and other- meddieserrne propen
sities or exhibitions of- herself are con
cerned will be : an- awlul stickler for
matrini6nial and homestead rights, the
maintaining' ,of which she .will insist
upoo even," .If 'she has to- accent the
proposition with a club, a cowhide or
an q!d fashioned broom handle. .
New. the. -mas who enters' the mat
rimonial holies of holies .should do so
with- a proper appreciation as well as
reverential jiwefiue the situation. He
Ehould be *s wise and slick and silent
as 'a Eerpent, wilh something of the
dogCke fidelity, the hcrrselike sagacity
and .the catlike porrins: affection, if he
woujd wisely .rule. The 'minute • he as-
Eumfes the .bear or the boar role he
will find- h.ixriselt opposed by . catlike
agility and cunning that will more than
offset acy .straggle recklessly entered
upon. " ¦
Of course, a- man always thinks him
self the superior, and the tactful woman
never awakens him from the pipe
dream, but wiiile we know the man Is
right, yet ?or the Bake of domestic
peace . 'tis better to let the wife think
that hie mental pendulum swings way
beyond the offside when compared with
her.
•Always tell her that she looks well.
There is where a man-should be sure
to lie in self-defense. The man who
Bays. "My dear, you 'look like a full
blown chrysanthemum." or, "My love,
you look charming and are the hand
eomest woman in the bunch,", or, "My
dear, 1 do not know any woman who
can compare with you," insures a per
ennial house warming and lays up a
cinch when he wants to go duck
shooting with the boys. While the
man who brutally contemplates his
¦wife's fading charms and sneers, "You
get uglier* every day . you live," or,
"You wrinkled old" crpw, do you think
I am ceing to be your escort?" kindles
a few bonfires of wrath which; if they
do not scorch : hlm a bit, will emit
euch "it beastly . unpleasant lot of
6moke a» he "will be In no small hurry
to escape. - " . - ' •
There are women who grow more
beautiful in maturity, other* become
so cgly thit they would make good
old fashioned cornfield scarecrows,
but a man contemplating the awful
ness and the; dire uncertainties of mat
rimony should make op his mind to
a martyf-llke patience and await
time's' development of his spouse.
, The' man who loves, beauty, in a
woman 'should take an inventory of
the /family showing of the previous
generation. The girl whose mother
still retains her good looks is apt to
inherit the like charm, while the girl
whose mother has transformed into
an ugly oid parchment product is sure
to follow in the same wake.
In these days when old ladles are
decidedly out of reckoning, when
dames of 60 wear picture hats and
refuse to grow old, the man who
wants his wife to be up-to-date should
carefully select such a woman as,
Judging from her mother, will stand
the wear and tear of matrimony with
the insidious little tricks of time scat
tered along the road.
So tell a woman that she is pretty
and sweet' even if you do not mean it;
It may have the pleasing tendency of
making her so. Anyhow, it will be
less brutal than the truth and she will
be more docile under the treatment.
If she wants to do anything, if you do
not incline the earns way, convince her
gently and diplomatically that she re
ally does not want anything of the
kind. It may take some little lying
and astute generalship to accomplish,
but a husband who is not a strategist
is a dead, rank, blank failure.
' Never deny her anything. Put her
off persuasively if you must, tell her
you forgot it, or that the dearest wish
of your heart is to go "broke," bank
rupt or anything on the calamity sched
ule. In gratifying her whims.
. Never say that you cannot afford It—
a woman hates pauperism— but just
tell her 6he will have to wait a little
while. Of course she will wait and
keep on waiting, but as long as she
really believes you she will be more
amiable.
Always be pleasant, and if you want
to Bwear, why swear at the other fel
low — it will afford you Just as much
relief and she will not feel so sore. Of
course a gentleman never swears at
his wife, but men who think themselves
gentlemen forget once in a while.
When you come home at night full —
of (balloon juice, or) worry or any
other old thing, or if your corns have
a'Jumplng toothache, don't mind a lit
tle thing like that, but smile (or take
a smile) serenely and tell her what a
bore it Is to have to meet the fellows
at the club and absent yourself from
home and her. If you say it with the
proper emphasis she will really believe
you.
Always do everything she asks of
you. even if it be to saw wood, and
the man who won't saw wood for his
wife does not deserve her.
Be sure to tell her that her hats are
prettier and more tasteful .than .any
woman's you know. The man who
praises another woman to his wife is
ripe for lunatlco- inqulrendo proceed
incs. or is a perfect brute.
Always concur in whatever she may
say or do. It lubricates the wheels of
the domestic machinery.
The really successful husband, If he
has not cultivated tact and a few other
virtues, should take a course of instruc
tions.
The most successful husband in the
world is the really amiat>le liar. \ He
does not start out to lie, but he finds
that it pleases a wife to have her own
way always, consequently he gets into
the habit of saying nice things rather
than ruffle her temper, or hurt her feel
ings, .and there he stays. . •• . '-'
Now, every one knows there
are many women whom no man on
earth. could please; women, who, if
they nad the whole earth, would cry
for half a dozen moons for toy bal
loons, and would even envy Miss Sat
urn of her belts. They were cut on
the bias in the beginning, and all the
pulling and fixing in creation would
never jerk them out on a straight,
even line.
A man must study such a woman.
I don't envy him his job, yet if he will
get married he. must bear it like a
little man.
Some women are about as com
fortable to live with as would We walk
ing on broken bottles. They are dis
pensations of Providence that no one
can figure out why they were dispen
sated, unless it be to either make us
ripe for heaven, or overripe for the
other place. If a man finds himself
entangled in that kind of dragnet he
should not be blamed if he escapes, if
he can, but unfortunately . such a
woman is generally endowed with a
glutinous sort of grim determination
that hangs on, no matter how strenu
ously a man may kick.
jjj It is your spiteful, jealous, disagree
able woman who will not get rid of a
man either to please him or to please
herself. She enjoys the misery with
such a sense of satisfaction that she
tTKK SXN FRANCISCO 5UNDAY CATC.
HOW TO MANAGE A WOMAN
12Fourteenth Talk
By W; J. Shearer
no other person in the world. In after
years, long after parents "have passed
aw-iy, the child will remember the
•happy times. 'What parent would ex
change, for money, the remembrance
of the minutes spent in his parents'
bed Jri the morning? "Who can ever
forget 1 *lie few minutes of romp with
parents fcefore being sent to bed for
the night? .
Every child should have. a playroom
¦oi some. kind. It may be only a corner
In; the sewtaB-room for the baby; a
corner in the garret'for the older child;
a room th the barn or basement for the
boy; but there should be some place
which the child can call his own. Many
parents, will spend much time and
money to provide a suitable place for a
.h&rse, a. dog or even the birds of the
ajr, yet never consider that their own
dear children have no place in which
. they, can be perfectly free. The re
membrance of such a place will In fu
ture years be one of the most pleasant
of an early experiences. If several
rooms are fitted up with interesting
books, .suitable furniture and pleasing
device s, they will probably be no more
appreciated by the children of the rich
than. would be a corner in. a garret,
with a ' few colored pictures, broken
that it is of vital importance that those
with whom he plays are such as will
aid him in developing influences and
feelings along right lines, rather than
in the opposite direction.
Because of the great Influence of
playmates, parents should be guided by
this consideration in the selection of a
residence. They should also consider
carefully the \ selection of a place for
the child's education and the selection
of the school. This important matter
should also be considered in the selec
tion of servants. In very many cases
the parent can have but little to say
concerning these matters. However,
this is no reason why attention should
nqt be called to the importance of the
subject. Where the parent can possibly
do so he should take great Interest in
seeing that the school which this child
attends is taught by a teacher whose
influence is what it should be. Next to
the parents there Is no one person who
will ' probably exert such a, lasting In
fluence, upon most developing charac
ters as do the teachers and compan
ions.
It is the duty of every parent not
only to know who are his child's com
panions, but to study each companion
that be may know what Influence each
* And Do You
Know Why You
Should Choose
All Its
Playmates?
And What Sort
of a Playroom
You tSHould
• Provide >
for Its Games?
If is. 'of- great- Importance that- the
child. "ghould feel' that the- parent really
takes some interest in Iks play: If pps-
Bifelc. -the parent should, sometimes,
take part' in his games-, and'-otherw'lse
minifesi ..that- lively interest which is
a .proof, of the parents' sympathy. It
Is- -needless to say that a child "will en-
Joy .»• frolic with the parent, as with
. X^y E^LDSbob Is the time f.or.play.
/ / 'Evefjr ' <2hH<i should haye plenty
\jjl .°* recreation. : wille 8«t.hls play
' A^-.the young child .ehould . be left
'quite [free, though. b« may have- some
aSslBtanee • in; the.-' selection- of. 'his
airiusen>»ntij, .to. prevejnl 'hi? selecting
such- as may j>e injurious' to him men'-,
tally; morally- bx physically;;'^otherwise
h* sh&uld*. ..h'aye; the training' of doing
«-bat be wishe^ If;' aq a chili " grows
joidef, Jte learns to Beiefcl the: right" kind
oS 'amusement*' for hinJEclf, he Is more'
i:.Uely to use jnistasntjn the", selecting
•of his. - necseatibhs when he has- become'
« satin. " •That = 3very .adult tho,uld do
this.^'of fjfeiii : importance/ • Most' Qf
¦thapse: wh'o'- go-.j3bwn tff destruction are
•started by. their gfettfns Into the. habit
•<jf) -selecting .debasing anVusenjents: '. ".
.'Different kinds- of amusements, have,
entirely; diiterent.inflne-rwes .ini shoTrtng.
.-a'cHild 'jifera. objects, aecTin fitting him
for life's duties.'- Soflie 'kind? will, exert
ij ris'st bene'flcial influence^ Others' wfll
rc§nlt' most injuriously.' Each' parent;
jshouM cohEidei 1 , not sb.'mu.ch the^effect
of aiiy a.inusejncqt at the present time
as ftsjirofita We' effect In. thfi- future, j
'^hey should be such that their In
fluence will impress the fundamental
truths of right living. If they are such
as to give the Impression that luck is
more apt to determine success than
careful playing, or that dishonest play
is the best way to secure the desired
end, a false idea is likely to be im
pressed and stick to them the rest of
their lives. By such' games endless
numbers of bright young men have
early been trained for dishonest lives.
Nearly every child will have some
playmates, either good or bad. Which
It shall be will be determined by
chance, partly by the wish of the child,
chairs and discarded - toys by others.
No parent Is too poor to provide such
as would be greatly appreciated by his
own children. Is it not worth think
ing about?
Every boy and girl should find more
amusement at home In the evening
than in any other place. The home
games for. the young- and the old should
be more interesting than those which
can be found elsewhere. Many a girl
and many more boys would have
been saved from lives of shame had
some effort been made by the parents
to provide suitable home amusement.
Parents should remember that chil
dren are sure to have amusements; if
not those selected by the parents, then
those selected by themselves or by
their companions, whose Judgment it is
frequently not safe to trust. The ques
tion to decide is, whether it is better
to help them select amusements which
are beneficial, or. leave . them entirely
free to select their own , amusements,
which are likely to be injurious. To
ask the Question- is to answer it..
As before indicated, the character of
a child's amusements is very import-'
ant What they shall be is for 'each'
parent to help decide In the light j of
what he thinks best. • However, It may
be well to" call attention to a few, of the
characteristics which It is well for'
them to possess. ? . •
They should be Interesting. If they
are not It will be impossible for the
children to find much- pleasure in" them.'
They should be as instructive as it is
possible for the chlldrenof the particu
lar age to enjoy. A great many aocial
games may be selected for the . reason
that they Involve a large amount of In
formation and intellectual training.
and, it is hopedi largely by the parent
Not excepting the influence of the par
ent and teacher, none Is more powerful
for the development of the child than
the influence of his' companions.
Though the parent' and teacher do all
they can to help, in developing high
and noble characters, nearly all they
have accomplished i may be undone by
jone or two companions whose Influence
'has a v blighting effect upon tho develop
ing character of the child.
.Though this Is the case, it is not good
for children "'to be alone/ Such -as are
cannot develop as they should. Neither
Is It well for thern^ to be much with
nurses or those much older than them
selves. This results in unnatural and
injurious precocity. If there are a^
There are many things which a child
can learn much better from children of
about the same age than from adults.
There are Influences -and, impulses
which he feels and develops" only when
In company with those of the same age.
Therefor* , l»t , it ever be remembered
number of children In the family they
should learn to play together: In the
proper spirit. This ia not always easy
as it may seem, but it is important for
many reasons.
The utter folly of depriving a child
of playmates should be apparent , to
most parents. The child Js being pre
pared for life; for companionship with
others. Childhood Is the time for him
to learn to bear and forbear; to sympa
thize with the afflicted: to develop that
loving kindness which will make , him
beloved in after years; to avoid the
wrong and select the right; to develop
habits of self-control and self-denial;
to discover that he Is only one of the
many, and not the only one to be con
sidered. In short, to learn all those
things which will prepare him for
true living. ,
Since this Is so, none but the foolish
parent will strive to keep children
away • from others, j There are many
forms of evil which they should know
nothing of. Yet there are many evils
which all must. know. The important
lesson to be learned is to avoid the
wrong, because it is wrong, and to do
right, because It is right. The child
who learns well thl3 lesson will surely)
develop a noble character. v There Is lit
tle hope for the- one who falls to learn
it. No- wonder that the child \ most
closely guarded quickly succumbs to
all forms of evil temptation when the
time comes for him to leave the secure
home fortress. -. ; ....
Some parents insist that they* should
leave the selection of a boy's or girl's
companions to the boy or girl. When it
is too late they will probably discover
their mistake. Surely, those who fail
to appreciate the importance of doing
all they can In the selection of proper
companions, neglect one of the most
powerful agencies In the training of
their precious children. It Is very much
to be doubted if the Influence resulting:
from such neglect can be counteracted
by anything else the parent may do on
behalf of the child.
Parents, then, shoulc! ever be mindful
of the fact that, next to themselves, the
companions of their children will most
largely mold them. God has given chil
dren such sensitive natures that, uncon
sciously, they are Influenced by all
those with whom they come in contact
They will imitate their playmates' lan
guage, their walk arid their actions.
They will acquire the same tastes; their
minds will run in the same grooves.
They will laugh or cry with them. They
will feel noble, kind, earnest or h3ve
the oposlte feeling with them. We must
not forget that as a mirror they will
reflect the peculiarities, both good and
bad, of those with whom they associate.
one is exerting upon his child. Only In
this' way can any parent properly per
form the duty which devolves upon him
in the training of his child. This can^
not be done, unless the house is open to
these compsnlons. and, unless there Is
a "sympathetic ear for all the child may
have to say consuming those with whom
he la prone to, play. Knowing the char
acteristics of each companion, the par
ent may easily encourage "play with
some and Insist upon the avoidance of
others.
DO YOU EVER TEACH YOUR CHILD HOW TO PLAY?
.•¦.ESMli Tear j>eopl* frortr to appre
cZfitA tapre. ftilly. the value. of fruit and
It is charged that' laziness and self-
Emily J.— A very good and simple
Etta, Emma M. and Jessie.— For an
eruption, steam the face once a week,
by holding it over a basin of steam
ing water, and covering the head and
face with a cloth. Then apply:
Flour of sulphur 2 drs.
Tannin f. % dr.
Vaseline 2 ozs.
This emollient may be used every
night. Rub it well into the flesh.
Lucy, Idaho and Mrs. H.— The b<;3t
way to wave the lialr is to divide it in
strands as though about to braid it.
But only take two strands, and for the
third, substitute a bit of rather wide,
stout ribbon, which is fastened to the
head by moans of a hairpin. Make
several of these pigtails, using a gen
erous allowance of hair. Pin them to
the head so that they may not be
troublesome. In the morning you will
have wavy locks, nice rippling waves.
Of course, the hair must be moistened
Answers to Correspondents.
. Agnes — A good liniment for a rheu
matic Joint Is olive oil and spirits of
camphor— about one tablespoonful
camphor to one ounce olive clL Lime
water, mixed with sweet or Unseed oil
to a creamy consistency. Is the best
remedy for a scald or burn.
A bottle of lime water Is a house
hold necessity. To prepare it j put a
lump of quicklime, as big as the flat,
in a clean earthen pitcher, cover it with
cold water, stir with a wooden spoon
and let it stand six hours. Pour off
the dear liquid and bottle.
By and by a dyspeptic condition Is
induced, and the woman wonders what
she has eaten that has brought on Uys-
indulgence are the greatest causes of
dyspepsia in women; in reality the
trouble is caused by too much shop
ping, too many receptions, too many
clubs. Women are reckless in the ex
penditure of their strength. Suddenly
they find themselves utterly worn out.
When this exhaustion occurs, instead
of lying down for an hour's complete
rest before eating anything, they sit
down to a meal more or less hearty,
in order to rest themselves, as they
think. The tired-out stomach is too
weak to care for the load of food that
is thrust upon it.
Mrs. B. J.— If troubled with itching
eyes the best treatment Is to use a
cool, weak salt water wash every few
hours.
Gladys— Glycerin and lemon Juice,
half and half, on a bit of absorbent
cotton. Is the best thing to moisten the
lips and tongue of a fevef-parched pa
tient. A teaspoonful of lemon Juice in
a small cup of black coffee relieves a
bilious headache. A slice of lemon,
rubbed on the temple* and back of the
neck, is also good for headache.
Eat little while you work.
Eat enough once a day, and do no
work for two hours afterward and
don't sleep within two hours of hearty
eating.
Eat slowly. Nothing can exceed that
in Importance.
Eat simple things and change your
diet frequently-
Eat regularly — always at the same
hours— and chew carefully.
Careful eating, simple food, slow
eating/ long mastication, are good
things for bad complexion.
pepsia. But It Isn't what she eats. It
is the condition under which she eats
that is making a dyspeptic of her.
Learn not to eat when tired, and the
stomach will take care of its food and
itself.. • . -A--" : '^;-
If .tftoottrt- with.- ercptloii ef the
faej» djj3*t.ea$ nuts, oheese, tmnirnw.
t't'.*t*Tj.- T e*J or salt fish.
'On* mtthm .best agents for clearing
tbiir ajwUiU" aad- riving : s> fair skin is
th«- «U?n. ;E'at It. as a beauty diet
aad 1st It rid" yon <rf biliousness. There
Ui, tndsed, no.. batUr complexion re
'Iftnsji •'- '•.."•• ¦ ¦ '..
'. ¦ The e5S»ot-oa th* breath is a power
ful, "tseaanzt. against Its on. How
fv«r* .If • iitCe strong, clear coffee is
takea 'and ChaVxhooth rinsed, with lis
terlae the ©dor la destroyed. . ¦ Or a bit
cf 'plotter, 'garO-en save or -fresh, green
grt~.t csfry. >• eetea. \. ¦ ' .'
'-DatrseaL if. eates daily, la apt to
teat the ' blood acd produce angry
spots 'and plsoples:. Hot bread, rich
eafcoes; - pastry - and sweetmeats .also
h a. ve °£h« easie' effect. Hot soups flush
.ihM : licb,'**?6sl£lly--lt the ekin Is deli
cate : • •!'•¦- •
Gu£af,* which -we have heard abused
from fbe- time sr*. bought oar first pep
permint stick. -on our *way to school,
is an -excellent f6od,.;provided It Is pure.
I*, is 'easily digested' and absorbed, and
ufid«r -'circumstance*, may be
converted tntai&i. . Taken* directly after
rr.etb.la eu'g&r tt cardy cannot hurt any
oae.' •-. . • '•' - : '• * .
Marion Hawkshurst— For an oily
complexion wash your face night and
morning with warm, water and use no
soap. Twice a week, after washing
the face at night in warm water, in
which half a teaspoonf ul powdered
borax is dissolved in 1 quart of water,
use this lotion: Rosewater, 1 ounce;
benzoin, 1 dram; apply with a sponge
or linen pad.
Q. L. L— To keep the Joints of the
hands from getting stiff, after holding
the hands In water as hot as can be
borne, massage them, both backs and
palms as well as fingers, with sweet
oil. Rub It thoroughly. Then dip the
hands In hot water again, using soap.
Rinse with clear water and rub on a
lotion of 1 ouhce glycerin, 1 dram
acetic acid and 3 ounces rosewater. Do
this at night and wear gloves.
Kate Reckless. — To color a cold
cream a dainty green, use lettuce
leaves. Put them in a bowl, or por
celaln-llned saucepan, pour boiling
water over them, and turn it off in
stantly. Squeeze all the Juice out of
the lettuce with strong pressure, and ¦
stir It at once Into the melted sper
maceti, almond oil and white wax, of
which cold cream Is made: The mix
ture must be stirred over the fire until
the lettuce Juice unites with the other
Ingredients. A lemon cold cream
whitens tanned hands. "In place of *
lettuce Juice, stir in as much lemon
Juice as the preparation will take, or
use a tablespoonful to 4 ounces of al
mond oil and % ounce each of white
wax and. spermaceti. Let tho mixture
stand in cold water to cool.
Florine. — Wipe the • face upward,
from the chin to .the forehead, and out
ward, toward the ear. Never wipe
any part of the face downward.
H. O. J.— If your face is shiny don't
use soap of tener than once a week and
occasionally wipe off the face with a
cloth dipped in equal parts of water
and alcohol. The lock of hair you send
Is light brown in color. It la not
blonde or auburn. A thorough sham
*poo once in three weeks Is often
enough,»that is If you frequently mas
sage the scalp with your" fingers dipped
in cold water.
Ruth. — Glycerine and mutton tallow
are excellent %6 use for massaging. Use
enough glyceijn to soften the mutton
tallow, or sweet oil will do Quite as
well. An excellent hair tonic to use
once a week >is:
Bay rum ?••• 2 ozs.
Olive oil ...* % os-
Qulnine 6 grs.
A little rubbed on the eyebrows may
make a heavier growth.
Hortense. — Lemon .Juice *ln water
may be used as a mouth wash, to
sweeten the breath.
with water before braiding.
remedy for hiccoughs Is a lump of
sugar saturated with, vinegar.
Nuts, which are "one-celled fruits,"
are not only useful as foods, but are
of importance medlcinaily. For ex
ample, there is no better brain and
nerve food than walnuts and blanched
almonds. They are also useful as
muscle-makers. Almonds give no heat
or waste: walnuts give heat.
Peanuts are a nerve food. As a
panacea for insomnia, they deserve an
honored place among the nuts. They
are rich in albumen, or which they
contain BO per cent, with 20 .per cent
of fat and nitrogenous matters. Doc
tors recommend them as valuable in
the form cf soups and purees. In
tropical countries, the fresh seeds of
the peanut, which taste something like
almonds, are eaten. When roasted,
they are used as a. substitute for
apple Juice contains a remarsaDiy ao«
tive digestive principle similar to pep
sin. The activity of this peculiar di
gestive agent is destroyed in the cooked
pineapple. •
Patti has an insatiable appetite for
stewed prunes, which she eats for her
complexion. They afford the highest
nerve or brain food and supply heat
and waste, but are not muscle feeding.
Green figs are excellent and dried
figs contain nerve and muscle food.
.The skin of raw fruit should never
be eaten, and before eating grape3, or
any small fruit, care should be taken
to remove all Impurities by washing.
Stale arid unripe fruits should never
be eaten. ' •
An apple is the best medicine for a
complexion which causes Its owner
Eome uneasiness. Of course, there are
apples and apples, and the lightest,
crispest eating Is the best
Acid fruits must be used sparingly
at all times, especially by persons In
clined to rheumatle troubles. The
continued use of an orange or shad
dock before breakfast will diminish
the power of stomach digestion. They
should be served with cereals or such
foods as require only intestinal diges
tion.
Many remarkable things have been
claimed for oranges taken as food,
such as making the complexion clear
and beautiful, end curing various dis
eases. The Judicious use of oranges
Is a good thing, but a few precautions
must be taken.
Be careful to peel the fruit thorough
ly, for the white pith Just beneath the
yellow rind is one of the most indi
gestible substances In the vegetable
world.
Do not eat too many oranges. One
taken with the breakfast three or four
times & week helps to regulate the sys
tem and keep the blood In good condi
tion. Don't take an orange at night.
This is the fruit which la gold in the
morning, silver at noon and lead at
night All fruit, as a rule. Is more
beneficial If taken In the morning.
Strawberries contain a large percent
acre of iron and enrich the blood. Many
persons cannot eat them without caus
ing an' eruption on face and neck.
* Grapes usually agree with delicate
stomachs, for they* are easily digested.
The partaking of 'a slice of pineapple
after -a meal is in accordance with phy
siological indications, since fresh pine-
-eat It not as a luxury, but as a staple
article of food.
Fruits are nourishing, refreshing,
appetizing and purifying, and conse
quently benefit the health and beauti
fy the complexion.
¦-"If girts ./would take Jess meat and
*nprc fruit .their.. skins would grow vel
vety and resemble the ;rose-leaf ' com-,
plexlon that every One «f them would
¦po dearly like": to possess. ; " .
" Besifle* ' niore , fruit, more water Is
ajjso" needed. '-Water la "an mValuable
eld to beauty.": It fchquld be taken be
fore-retiring, as "well as In the -morning
— and between meals, in generous quan
tltifcs-^a full gciblet.'at least, each time.
Many : £>erso2S lapse Into a state of
chronic,. poisoning because they- do not
take enough water to. wash" impurities
through th* system.' • * ' -
If ; yo^..u-aht: a. face -that looks like
leather -'becbnsii \ a .confirmed, tea and
co'sr.ee. drinker, j Coffee takeii In : mod
eration wl^l- hurt no on«, and the mod
erate .siseof tea; siiktalnsthe .body un
der .'severe' . muscular strain without
causing, subsequent exhaustion.' .It is
on?y excea.siv« Use of either tfhlch Is to
•be ,e voided.' ' •• •..
'." Eft-tliB* vegetable* and 'fruits: which
are. blood .purifiers, [and Improve- your
health and . complexion in" a: way that
,1s; estire.!y. harmless. r /. '. .
Take a dally" allowance of exercise.
:Let ij.be 'house w/ork. a.- long walk, a
Came ; of golf, or light gymnastics ' in
your be'drooxn. \ .. - ..V "
CT^ HAT ; .it ' Is necessary : to take *
• 'I ; l*ttle^medicine In the spring is a
..I./ theory lytilch has given place tp
. JL r - the hew pne of take more exercise
ana 1 .. less' food. ¦ ¦ \ :
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAIIi
BEAUTY A MATTER OF EATING
13Copyright, 1D03, by Thomas Fitch.
.Of>what value to the community, Ur. a
carping infidel seeking ever to • belittle
and deride the religions of the world ?
Possibly Bulwermay have been right
From his Holiness at Rome, whose
spiritual sway, extends from tbe Alps
unto the 'Andes,: from the Arctic unto
the Orient, down or up to "the hum
blest soldier of the Salvation Army,
who beseeches his fallen fellow man to
"America," said a satirical French
man, "is a country with seventeen re
ligions and only one gravy." He might
have added that each religion Is a force
for good government, for order, for
sobriety, for integrity, for unselfishness
and for truth. Indeed there was never
a religion since the beginning of the
world that was not better for the world
As humanity has left behind the cave
dweller, the fisherman in his dugout
canoe ana the warrior who made a
drinking cup of his enemy's skull; as
It has come to the use of wheeled ve
hicles and ceiled houses; as it has har
nessed the elements to do its bidding
and has called into being slaves with
fingers of steel and lungs of steam; as
It has climbed out of the swamps'up
ward and upward into the radiant sun
shine of the upland, there has stepped
out of the wayside shadows a gloomy
presence which has croaked to human
ity: "There" is no God. There is no
future. Testerday you were not, to
day you are; .eat, drink and be merry,
for to-morrow you die."
I know that the time will come when
not the voice that speaks, not the arms
that gesture, not the brain which Is
only the poor loom on which unseen
finger3 weave fabrics of Imperfect
thought, but the life which shall sur
vive them all will go out Into broader
fields of effort, into grander cycles of
time. Into worlds before which* this
world shall pale as a star pales In tho
presence of the morning. MB
I decline to believe that I am an in
telligence unfit to survive the death of
my body. Tou may accuse me of be
ing merely a bundle of molecules de
veloped out o'f a protoplasm and pro
gressing Into a gas, but all the same I
know with an intuition that is higher
than reason— I know with a conscious
ness that scorns your scalpel and defies
your microscope and defies the calcula
tions of your pencil— that while* you
may bury or cremate my body you can
not thus disi>ose of me, for I am —
The wearer, not the «ar*;
The Inmate not the room; the plume
Ot tbe falcon, not the bar*
That keep him from tha splendid •tar*.
If you make ; the Christian believe
that, the faith of the fatljerg ls.but a
delusive 1 dream* 'of ; ' a Savior, who died
in vain, that-the • story " of the"; Virgin ,
Mother: is but a sweet, unsubstantial
fancy, that ' the " pennants . which float
from the masts of 'ships that carry the
grain / of charity '; to lift ' the ' pulsing
crimson once more to the white lips ;of
famine flutter no Bignals |to - watching
angels .to." tell that : benevolence still
dwells in the breast of man; if you tell
the Christian all this, and prove" It ,ta
him 1 by the logic of some professor who
has examined a bug under a microscope
and with the . result • assumes to over*
What 'would be thought "of him who
should visit a hot springs resort and
make it his business ' to knock the
crutches^ from under, every rheumatic
cripple, who was limping, his way to the
healing waters? If you make a Jew
believe that ; the Pentateuch is a collec
tion of fables, that Mosfes was.an In
efficient guide", that^ thfc'ten messages
of .the thunder were never voiced from
Sinai and that'^e teachings of Levit
icus ought not- to control the rate" of
Interest— will he prove a better citizen
for his non-belief ? ..' - ;
And what shall be said of the up
lifting and advancing and -beneficent
Influence of the religion of progress,
the religion of humanity, the religion
of Jesus Christ? The answer may be
read in the laws and literature and
methods and morals and manners of
the civilized world. Where the iron
barges of commerce smite the abject
seas with their conquering feet; where
the "million chorded lyre of thought"
makes music over the land and under
the eea; where hospitals and houses of
shelter for the sick and needy link their
shadows across continents; where
academies and libraries swing open
wide their doors at the touch of the
seeker for learning; where cataracts
are harnessed to mighty wheels whose
Iron arms relieve mankind from ' toll*
¦where order and law reign; where free
dom abides: where, man marches on
ward to a place among the immortals—
there th» triumphs of Christianity are
sung. v
That the growing intelligence of man
kind is banishing from orthodoxy these
allegories and fables of .the Bible do
not affect the central truths preached
by the Savior any more than the vari-.
atfons of the needle caused by mounds
of iron affect the eternal verity of the
magnetic compass. *ne world of
thought moves forward from the dark
ness of Ignorance int ffthe light of prog
ress, as surely as the world of matter
rushes onward through space under the
lash "of the centripetal force. Science
has cleared away much. of the rubbish
that ignorance and fanaticism piled
around the altars of Christianity, and
the altars are none the worse for the
cleansing. Of what consequence is It
¦whether the passage of the Red Sea
was the sesult of a miracle or of a low
tide? Of what consequence is it
whether or not tho world ceased to
wh\!rl at the Ipse dlxlt of Joshua? The
story of the five loaves and the two
fishes may have been a miracle, or It
may have been hypnotism, or it may
have been a parable — does that detract
from the pose and beauty it the ser
mon on the mount?
Accept the doctrine that man Is a
machine and there is an end of con
science, there Is an end of Inspiration,
there is an end of moral accountability
and there ought to be an end of ac
countability to law, for man ought
to be held responsible for the structure
of his brain or the . operation of food
upon It. and if he can evade human
consequences^ why may he not burglar
ize a bank; murder his mother-in-law,
hate his neighbor and love his neigh
bor's wife as he may be impelled by
the operations of his dinner?
For myself I do not, I cannot. I win
not believe that this life ends all. Th*
body of the unborn babe was death un
til life pricked, the inoculating germ of
Immortality Into the pulseless, colorless
mass hurrying on In obedience to undo
vi^tlng law into the voiceless, reachless
eternities. The body of the man must
be death again before life's work be
gins anew. "We know that the body will
pass on Into the foliage of forests and
the plash of streams, and who shall say
that the life, freed from its earthly
body, may not Journey on In Immortal
youth "unhurt amid the wreck of mat
ter and the crash of worlds"?
In its time than no religion at all. From
Thor*s altars amid the oaks the vir
tues of truth and chastity were ex
tolled. On the cromlechs of the Druids
was inscribed the maxim that no liar
may enter" heaven. - - Confucius an
nounced the golden rule. Buddha
preached charity and honesty and love.
The priests of If is and Osiris besought
their followers 'to be merciful as well
as Just. " The Greek, who worshiped
Vulcan and Minerva, was a better
blacksmith and a closer student for his
belief. The Roman, who poured upon
the earth his libation to Mars. ' was. a
braver soldier because of his faith. The
Indian declares that the' Great Spirit
hates a crooked tongue. Hia religion
keeps the Hindoo clean and the Turk
eober, and makes of the Parsec an early
riser. . i
follow the drumbeats out of the slums
Into a betterriife, every honest follower
of the religion of Jesus is a better man,
and makes the world a better world
because of his belief, for he Is a force
for truth", a force for honesty, a force
for good. i f,-'
¦ The Protestant preacher constantly
Impresses upon the members of his
congregation the duties of honesty,
truthfulness, sobriety and obedience to
law. The Catholic priest never ceases
to enjoin upon his flock the necessity
of righteousness of. lire. He says to
the clerk/"Keep your? fingers out of
the employer's till." He says to hus
bands, "Keep your feet out of the dead
fall." He says to the youth, "Keep
your presence out of the bagnio."
Every clergyman of whatever denom
ination is, I repeat, a persistent, Indus
trious, potential influence for right liv
ing and right thinking. He saves the
merchant from loss through the dishon
esty of clerks. He closes the door' of
the home in the. face of the desecrat
ing libertine. He reduces the cost of
the taxpayer of prisons and hospitals.
His life, his example, his. precepts are
as much an element of material ad
vantage to the community in which he
lives as a new water supply or a, new
trolley line.
affection. This may not be the ap
proved modern method of love making.
It is many years since I had occasion
to make love to anybody except my
wife and fashions change with times.
Maybe the proper course to pursue
-would be to say: "Will . ths darling
compacted molecules which constitute
your consciousness consider the advan
tage of permanent affiliation with the
development and developed protoplasm
which now places itself at your dis
posal?"
Materialistic philosophers may sneer
at the errors and conflicts of theology,
but their creed of eternal death Is a
creed that makes criminals. Belief In
God and belief in an after life consti
tute a great reserved vigilant, though
unseen, armed guard, which ever lays
arresting hands upon the selfish and
savage impulses of man. and which
ever aids to keep society in order. No
thief ever comes away from the con-,
fessional unimportuned to make resti
tution, 1 and there the scarlet woman Is
warned to sin no more and the sorrow-
Ing are comforted.
When I have seen In -frontier camps
a Catholic priest riding forth into the
storm and night to smooth the passage
of a dying soul; when I have seen m-jn
and women wearing the Salvation
Army uniform, feeding the hungry,
succoring the distressed. I, wlu> believe
not implicitly, in any creed, and who yet
believe In the' truth which underlies all
creeds, take off my hat In homage to
every soldier of Christ-^;
ject of a Panama canal. *
" The lover will say to 'his adored one:
"Matilda Ann, I love thee. If thou will
consent to be' my bride life-shall be
one'ilong dream - of . happiness." . She
will recognize in, the. tender"' avowal the
food force of [ the ' veal ; whlch : furnished
the staple of ¦ Alf red'sVdlnner,' ; and I the
Impulse generated 'by her* own evening
meal of spring chicken' will . cause her
to reply in dulcet accents of undying
The next step will probably.be the
development of a , science of dietetic
thought. -The actor will * eat raw beef
when ' f he is to play ' Richard < m, and
waffles before attempting Claude Mel
notte, and the statesman , will eat ice
cream before voting on harbor appro
priations, beet ; sugar before discussion
of : , reciprocity with Cuba and stuffed
peppers before he approaches the sub-
According to materialism, there Is no
•such thing as Inspiration and thought
is only a secretion of the brain, even
as bile Is a secretion of the liver. Ac
cording to materialism, man's brain . Is
only a thought producing machine and
food Is the fuel that generates the mo
tive power. You place food in the
mechanism of a Shakespeare and pro
duce a great dramatist: you place It
in: a Webster. .and produce a great
statesman; you place it in a Grant and
produce a great general; you place it
in a Captain Kid and produce a great
pirate. .We are , ; Mrs. Jarley's wax
works, all of us. and a mutton chop is
the crank that winds us up.
turn the literature and the traditions
of 1900 years, will you have made of
him a better citizen, a better neighbor
or a better man?
Those 'who preach the creed of eter
nal death are engaged In a harmful
task. Remove from man the stays of
belief in an after life and accounta
bility there for deeds done in the body
and you have deprived him of the
props without which he is not strong
enough to walk erect and the selfish
and savage Instincts • of the primeval
human will assert themselves. Destroy
religion and put its priests and preach
ers out of commission and the invisible
police will 'be disbanded and chaos will
come again.
In saying that "all religions are equally
incredible to the philosopher and equal
ly useful to the statesman," but with
it should have been coupled another
saying, to the effect that rt all material
istic philosophers are equally incredible
to the scholar and' equally dangerous to
society.'"' Anaxagoras said "the- first
thing is to seem honest, and the next
is to be so." Tet unless there Is value
in "being" honest there can be'no value
in "seeming" so. The pseudo scientists
who assert that faith in divine justice
and divine mercy is a folly, that belief
In an after life is a delusion, that there
is no God, and who denounce religion
and propose to elevate "a tawdry and
bedizened Goddess of Reason upon her
desecrated: altars, are engaged in o.JiHa
chievous work. Every advocate of this
false philosophy is a moral lunatic
standing upon the brink of a whirl
pool and occupied in a malign effort to
drive the property, the homes, the free
dom and the happiness of a people Into
tha vortex of anarchy.
the Interior' of a .whale. Men are now
esteemed as geod citizens who distrust
the statement that Samson wielded the
jawbone of an ass as powerfully as
some of his. critics, and ostracism no
longer attends upon those doubting'
souls who decline to concede that thou
sands of Israelites followed Moses
around and around for forty years, like
blind mules in "a. bark mill, trying to
escape from a desert bo small that a
boy on a. bicycle could have crossed it
.in one day. ".
, One reason why polemical discussion
is usually profitless 13 because it Is th»
spiritual sense of man that perceives
his spiritual life. It is related of Tyn
dall that with a- companion he ones
passed a night on *he summit of the
Alps In order to obtain a 'View there of
sunrise. When the rays of the morn
ing sun lit crystal domes and plnnarets
with prismatic rays. Tyndall's com
panion said to him: "Now, Professor,
don't you feel that there is a God?"
Tea," replied the great materialist, "If
you don't try to prove it- to me."
> Happily the greater part of mankind
are born with the spiritual sense. Oc
casionally there Is a moral malforma
tion who comes into the world without
it. Tou cannot reach such, ' You may
Instruct in many things one who Is bora
blind. Ton may instruct him In math
ematics. In odors, in form,' In taata and
In music, but you cannot, with any
system of raised letters, causa him to
comprehend the difference between pink
and blue. The truth of the after life ii
borne in upon each of us by the testi
mony of his own soul and thought Is a
witness never subpenaed.
Discussion between the orthodox and
the unorthodox Is usually profitless, for
on such a subject men will reason in a
circle, and I am not sure that such idle
discussion may not best be terminated
as it was once ended by an old Baptist
divine. There wa3 a conference meet
in? and an Infidel farmer from an ad
joining county rode over to argue with
end discomfit the* preacher. Placing
himself In front of the man of God, ho
poured forth the arguments he had
cribbed from Voltaire. The preacher
listened scornfully, but patiently, and
when the infidel paused he replied:
"Well, my friend, I won't discuss the
matter with yc-- Tour infidelity 13
grounded in you. Tou can keep your
belief and I will keep mine. You live
your life and I will live mine, and by
and by, when we leave thi3 worlJ, I
•will go to heaven and you can go to
hell."
a j Ay HEADLESS" • Christians pay
1 / »o. -tithing to orthodoxy,, they
" Vli/ -.y$ei«i "allegiance to no denomi
: ; • . national creed, they attend
race; courses and theaters and balls,
and' they redd novels and newspapers
and cfther works of fiction- Neverthe
less, they, feel that -it is; not all of
life %o live Jiera» of death to die," and
Ithey respect; even- if they da not alto
gether believe in, ' that, splendid system
-of ethics .'and philosophy ' which " for
.nearly nineteen hundred years has held
aloft -a flambeau to light the onward
steps of civtlizatio'rr.
•- Christianity is - a beautiful ship, plow
ing . thro.uirh the deeps of the universe
end" freighted with the hopes of a
yrorid. 1-n her journey through the cen
. tunes' barnaclee have fastened themr
¦elves* upon .her keel and. sides and im
peded her progress. But as she has.
.sailed out of the salt seas iof the past
into *hc- fresh living Amazons of the
•present these offsprings of remote and
•murky waters have dropped away. The
racks -of Torguemaija are rusted beyond
Yepair. The f agot-lires with which Cal
vin roasted Servetus have been unkin
. died for ?00 years. The old women of
Calem. no longer tremble when the Pur
itan witch hunter, appears at the door
anjj the pfllories in which the Quakers
were locked have crumbled to decay.
Society ho longer closes its doors In
'the face of .him who- refuses to befieve
.that Jonah sojourned for three days in
THE S AN FRANCISCO : SUNDAY -\ CAIX.
RECOLLECTIONS AND REFLECTIONS
OF THOMAS FITCH.
14THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CA1I1
15Meredith Duncan, Ukiah; Herbert Still,
Santa Cruz; Ethel Learn. Li vermore;
Elsie Jensen. 121 Ettie street, Oakland;
Rose.Lewin. S66 Castro street, Oakland;
"Winnie Wledenbeck,* Bakersfleld; Pau
line Ruth, 3491B Nineteenth 'street, San
Francisco; Ralph .Spencer, 709 Fourth
street, Santa Rosa; Mabel Hotem, 231
Flood avenue, San Francisco; Loomls
Steiny. 329 East Magnolia street. Stock
ton; Herbert Morehouse, San Leandro;
Alma Jorgsen, 702 Washington, street,
San Francisco; D. Aronson, 1720 Sacra
mento street, San -Francisco*.. Marie
Padkin. 514 Shrader street. Ban Fran
cisco; Lena Rocco, 2030- Folsom street,
San Francisco." Nellie. Martin, Calls
toga; Earl Schad, 645 Washington
street, San Francisco; Charles Bates,
Richmond; Clara Gill,' Concord; Teresa
Hawerly. Men street. Santa Rosa; Elfle
Squire. 1281 Waller street, San Fran
cisco ; Edgar Gerhart,- 20 Langton street,
San Francisco; Elizabeth Hawes, 1045 S
street, Fresno; Willie Felch, 152 B
street, Oakland; Clara Lo ranger, 710 G
street, Sacramento; Bert McNeil, Ar
royo Grande; -Vesta Russell, Broderick;
Rudolph Cole. Wadsworth, Nev.; Carlln
Braese. 2622 Folsom street. San Fran
cisco; Lloyd Schad. 2125 Essex street,
Eerkeley; F. . C. Pendergast, 230 York
street, Vallejo; Maurice Trade, :Red
ding; C. Martin, 1247 Park avenue, Ala
meda; Mae Roper, 'Ashland; Beth Hor
ton, Weaverville; Elsie Jessen. Irving
ton; Ada Myers. 234 North Fourth
street, San Jose; J. E. Rhodes, 929 K
street, Sacramento: Ray Jeffers, 2303
Folsom street, San Francisco; Charlotte
Curry, Tomales; Mildred Curtis, 91S El
lis street, San Francisco; Eda Luhrs.
1134 Buchanan street, San Francisco;
Hal Curtis, 91S Ellis, street, San Fran
cisco; May Taylor. 858 Castro street,
Oakland; Lenora Moore. Ill 4 A Filbert
street, San Francisco; Marcella Leon
ard, 1183 Valencia street. San Francis
co; Russell Seaman. 3147 Twenty-third
street, San Francisco; Lucy Marshall,
312 Montcalm street. San Francisco ;
Lillian Jacobs. 14 Allen . street, San
Francisco; Gene McAullffe, Redwood;
W. Macdonald, 758 Eleventh street,
Oakland; Loris Walker. 1020 East Six
teenth • street, East Oakland: Royce
Pulafer, 4220 Montgomery street, Oak
land; Edward Tates. 260 South First
street. San Jose; Earle Wohler, 3376
Twenty- third street, San Francisco:
Harry Boyle, 706 Railroad avenue, San
Francisco; Zlllah Barnes, S36*^ Valen
cia street, San Francisco; G. McMan.
1611 Aicatras avenue, Berkeley: Frank
Murphy. 3521 Twenty-second street. Ban
Francisco; Genevieve Boardman, Ne
vada City; Helen Shaffa, 739 Shrader
street, Ban Francisco; M. Sollnsky, 451
Linden avenue, San Francisco; Eusebla
Llngenf elser. 122 Ert« street, San Fran
cisco; Milton Schmidt. 1174 Green
street. San Francisco; Junior Davis,
Oakland, box 44; Birdie Cohen, 813 Post
street, San Francisco; Jessie Craft, 242
Dore street, San Francisco; Albert
Klein, 1706 Twelfth street, San Fran
cisco; Arthur Bernstein, 114 Oak street.
San Francisco; Bessie- . Wolfgram.. 413
Ivy avenue, San Francisco; Jo» Mur
phy, 3521 Twenty-second 'Street, San
Francisco; Bulah Landsburg, 1439
Grove street, San Francisco; 'Emma
Tubbs. 1224 York street. San Francisco;
Harold Hawkins, 2209 Bancroft way,
Berkeley; E. Maentn, CSS Qrovw street.
Ban Francisco; Wallace MeBain. 14S3
Castro street, Oakland; Graci* Bavago,
415 Devlsadero street. San Frmndsco;
Beatrice •Wyckoff. C92 Waller street.
San Francisco; Charles Musfadln. 664
Nineteenth. - street. Oakland; Victor
Mesplou, 1061 Clay street, Oakland;
Abigail Cosbie, 2024 Folsom street, San
Francisco; Anna Kellogg, 833 Harrison
street. San Francisco; Rufus Baker,
3622 Twentieth street, San Francisco;
Reglna By arson, 2133 Union' street, San
Francisco; Ray Wadley. 1429 Mission
street, San Francisco; Mabel. Johnson.
Watsonville; Jennie Washer, • 1113
Octavla street. San Francisco; Rudolph
Rapsey, 42 Cumberland street, San
Francisco; Jeanne Block, 1243 Franklin
street, San Francisco; Ada Batteraby,
Fairfleld; Esther Lackey, Gold Hill,
Nevada ;¦ Janet HITes, 181 Perry strett,
San Francisco; Walter Byre.. Auburn;
Gertrude Lansing. 2143 Blake strem,
Berkeley; Louise Barrett, 239 Aiabama
Street,. Vallejo; Lauren . Wilkinson.
Acampo; Martin Nelander, 631 First
street, San Francisco; Lester Cooley.
829 Homer avenue. Palo Alto; Cecil -
Cairns. Nevada ' City; Willie . Irwln.
Marysvllle; Eva Cody, Cordelia; Jack
Sweeney, 320 K atreet.' Sacramento; F.
Ii Lafferty, 701 Spencer avenue, Santa
Rosa; Joseph Maglll, Stockton; Josla
Brown, Winters; Louis Shade, Banlcia;
Watson. Dozler, Redding; x Lindsay
Nudd. Dixon; Carrie Noyes, Tuba City;.
Ernestine Franzen, 1505 Fillmore street,
San Francisco; Agnes Fosen', 920
Twenty-eighth street, Oakland; Mar
guerite Ridsdale, 85S Jackson street,*
Oakland; Blanche Shea, Los Angeles;
Ivy Carpenter, Fairfleld; Eva. Brandon,
"Watsonville; Ella Ward, Port Oosta;
Alleen Treat, 1S12 Van Ness ittoos,
San Francisco; Jack Matthews, Kins
City; Abbie Carleton, Elmira; Marlon
Richarde, 981 Butter street. Baa Fran
cisco: Jennie Andrews, B64 Valssoia
street, San Francisco; C Allendarf, 227
Hartford street, San Frandsco;
Ursula Dubois, 2261 Market street. Ban
Francisco; Nina Hoots, 123 Trtrnont
avenue, San Francisco; Noma Boaer,
1357 McAllister street. Ban Francisco;
Renle Kellle, 206 Hoffman avenu*. San
Francisco; Lucy Kelly. 44S TlUmore
street, San Francisco *- Gertrude John
son, Woodland: Mildred Butherland,
Virginia City, Nevada: Nellie McKee",
2316 Fulton street. Berkeley; Lacy Par
rott. 666 Tenth street. Oakland; Mary
O*Neil, Tomales; Alton, Johnson, Santa.*
Cruz; Archie Seyraor*. 738 Washington
street, San Francisco; Charlie Perley.
Modesto; Minnie Bradley, 17 J Julian
avenue, San Francisco; F. Grimmel
man. 1626 Todd street. South Berkeley;
Ethel Clenecson. Folsom; Afton-Rag
land, 922 O'Farrell street, San Fran
cisco.
remembers—to the first one hundred and "fbptt boys and girls who solve the num
Name Puzzles ; correctly," one of these ;ONE : HUNDRED -ANJ> FIFTY BEAUTIFUL PRIZES will- bo
awarded. _ '.-'.' !_'_.'.', ' U '-V-', : ' , , - -..¦*';." .."'..'' \. '.,,.; .J\ ••¦:¦•
And don't forget this next point, because it Is very Important: ALL 'ANSWERS BIUST REACH
THK:OFFICE BY^FRTOAY NOON.. This gives all those in -the country an equal chance to compete.
Read everything oh this page, to be sure that you overlook. Nothing that will help you to win a prize.
. , THE;NAMES 1 OF:THE LUCKY WINNERS WILL BE PUBLISHED IN THE SUNDAY CALL TWO
WEEKS • FROM TO-DAY, :' January - 1 7. .; . I" -.. , . ,^
. .Thesciare' the" TWENTY BEAUTIFUL BOOKS from which you may select if you solve all the puzzles
correctly: A Dog of Fhinders,;by ,Oulda; Tlie Chimes,' by. Dickens: Black Beauty, by Scwcll: In His Steps,
by Sheldon ; Tom Brown's ! School D ays, v .by Hughes \. Rab ; and *Hls Friend s, by , B rown : Knickerbocker's* His
tory of New Yor£ by Irving; The BUtheriale Romance, by." Hawthorne; Paul and Virginia, by Saint Pierre;
The Prince of the House of David, by Ingraham: A Christmas \C«rol.' by DickeM: J. Cole, by' Gellcbrand;
Alice's] Adventures : hi "Wonderland, by ¦ Carroll; Old Christmas. , by Irvl ng:^A Child's Garden of Verses, by
Stevenson ; Jessica's First Prayer,, b I • Stretton ; ; Chrtstie^s I Old .Organic by Walton : The Pilgrim's Progress, by
Banyan; The Cricket on the Hearth, by Dickens? Laddie and Miss Toosey's Mission.
OR A BOX OF SUPERFINE FRENCH FAINTS. ,
Find the names of Nine Different parts of a ship represented by the Small Puzzle Pictures on this
page and write them out in full hi the space opposite the proper corresponding number provided for the pur
pose in the coupon on this page, as per directions; fill In the coupon with your name and address and the
prize you desire^-if you wire— and send -the picture, with the coupon attached, ,to the EDITOR OP THE
NAME PUZZLE PAGE, Sunday C all, San Francisco, Cal. *' * . t . : .
*7"T II, children, how about those holiday books ? ; Isn't it simply - splendia now that Christmas and TSe*
f \ I Year's is over to sit down co mfortabry and quietly and" if ad a g ood story? That I a ,what " makes
PTI these long evenings pass so quickly and so delightfully. And Just think what treasure trove you can
' constantly add to your library by simply winning one of the prizes offered 'on this page. And Just
¦_ 'think that there are one hundred and. fifty -of them and every one of them will make some child
happy. Are you to be one of the lucky ones? It all rests .with you whether you are or not. So, chil
dren, all you have to do Is to work- — and work— -and 'work. -.'. ¦' '_ ' .. ,"
Alid here is another thing that the Puzzle Editor wants to speak of. Please don't send In any tin
type pictures or proofs that arountoned— which hicans that they will fade as soon as they arc exposed
to the sun. And by all means be sure that you are a prize winner . before yon send in any picture at all.
- Now remember tills: You will all have a chance not only , to win one of those ISO prizes, but set your
.picture; published as well. .The Puzzle Editor" ¦ want* all -the prixe winners from now on to send In then?
pictures-— the whole 150 every week if possible. Begin right now. Do n't wait. The more the merrier.
There can't he too* many. But rem ember only ' the prize winners can ha ve their pictures published. •
" J, Each of the Nine Pictures in this, the JFoiirth' contest of the Sixth Series, represents a different
part of a ship. Can you guess? Ah! There-is a rich, reward for. you if you can. ; . .
. And' now .listen: carefully: THERE ARE ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY PRIZES, and this is what
you must do to win one of them: * / "'" ...
THESE are the names of the 150
lucky children who won prizes
in the puzzle eonUwt — the
Names of Planet*— published
i la The Sunday Call or December 20:
A'ethea Benjamin, 2904 P street. Sac
ramento; Henry Rogers, box 444, Vaca
vUle: Charles Earber. 721 Fifth street,
Oakland; Annie Eerthola, Martinez;
Carrie Green, 521 Florida street, Vallejo;
Ethel Lawrence, box 76, Haywards;
Ray Eicher, Pacheco; Joseph Waithman
box 82,' Haywards; Pearl Antrim, Flem
ing avenue, San Jose; Richard Power,
Colu#a; Rax Merraw, Point Richmond*}
THESE AHE
THE
150 PRIZE
WINNERS
OF DEC. 20.
THE SAN FRANCI SCO SUNDAY; I CALL.
NAME PUZZLES
16
holve the Puzzles,
J ill Cut the Coupon
. end Send It to
. tfe Fuzzle Editor,
iunday Call, S. F.
To Puzzle Editor. Sunday Call,
San Fradcisco:
B<*I<*kv In tbeir proper nutn-
. bers please find my solution of
flie . names of Nine Different
Parts of a Sliip represented hi
tills week's Name Puzzles.
1 *......
-4. " •
4.
-•¦'••••
'. .-';¦"• January 3, 1904.
NajkIC
Street or P. O
City ,
II I ivin I choose for prize
(See List of Prizes.)LOKDOX Jan. 2. — The Duc^'38 of
feedford is one of the few great ladies
tfho may be said to dwell in splendid
obscurity, and the news that she had
Prince's Skating Rink made
c, nine days' wonder for smart society.
: The Duchess was Miss Mary Tribe,
daughter of the venerable Archdeacon
Tribe of Lahore, and for some years
lived £he life of a much-admired
rounsr lady at Simla, where her father
tpant the hot seasons, and held the
post cf head chaplain to the Viceroy.
Her marriage with the Duke of Bed
ford—then Lord Herbrand Russell —
look place In 1SE8, and has proved the
Beautiful Lady
Minto Is Now
I on a Tour.
Literary Critics
( . Praise Mrs.
Tennant.
ONE OF ENGLAND'S PROUD DUCHESSES WHO LOVES
OBSCURITY RATHER THAN THE GLAMOUR OF SOCIETY
LONDON. -Jan. 2."— There is' a re
vival of interest in Sunday, when Lon
don is not nearly 1 so deserted as for
merly at weeks* ends. Then social
hours have;been advanced, and lastly
• — what is. after all,, of more import
ance—children have become fashion
able again, owing mainly to the in-
Children Again Fashionable.
LONDON. Jan. 2. — Even if trust
worthy authority did not assure us
that the ' betrothal of Princess Alice
of Albany, niece to King Edward, and
Prince Alexander of Teck, brother of
the Princess of Wales, is a genuine
love match, -yet- when one. stops to
consider : the circumstances it is .evi
dent -that no social or financial am
bitions enter into the. engagement/ so
far as the pretty Princess Is concerned.
Since' her debut rumor has engaged
the Princess to almost every eligible
of rank in Europe. Many of these re
ports received no official attention, ;but
a recent statement of: interest ¦• denies
that a union between the 'Princess! and
Alexander of Teck, a Favorite In So
ciety, Is the Fiance of King
Edward's Niece. - -
PRETTY PRINCESS ALICE
WILL WED MAN' SHE LOVES
Five other women were arrested
and confessed that th«»y had bought
poison, to remove their husbands,
from the Coroner, who had ' then
blackmailed them. The Coroner has
confessed his guilU
Owing to suspicion having fallen
upon a widow named Plszczak. the
body of her husband was disinterred,
and he was found to have died from
the effects of poison. According to
Coroner Hanusch's! certificate, the man
died from h?art disease. J|j|jjj8
When arrested, the widow confessed
that- the Coroner, who was her lover,
sold her the poison and advised her
to put it in her husband's wine. She
stated that many other widows had
done the same.
VIENNA, Jan. 2. — A sensational
poisoning case has occurred at Beres
mait. in Hungary-
Woman Administers Potion Because
the Official Was Her
Lover.
CORONER ADVISES
POISONING OF MEN
Just as Lady Antrim is the hand
somest of the ladies in -waiting.' ¦ so
lady Minto is the best-looking of the
wives of -the Colonial Governors, and
her daughter. Lady Eileen, takes after
her.
The Queen will cordially welpome
Lady Minto, who is the daughter of
the friend and attendant of her Maj
esty's early life, the late Mrs. Charles
Grey, and the sister of the friend and
lady In waiting of her Majesty now,
Lady Antrim.
league is small, and has shown no in
dication of accomplishing any more
than its predecessors.
When a government goes , to the
trouble of bringing up its citizens'
children in a. municipal hospital it
seems too bad that any one should be
dissatisfied, but the benevolent prac
tice has brought about a curious state
of affairs in Amsterdam.. Holland.
Several . months ago a father sent his
infant son to the hospital to be reared
by incubator. "When he subsequently
visited the institution to see his child
the authorities produced a female
child,- assuring the citizen it was his
own. The sturdy Dutchman at once
invoked the aid of the law and. in
spite. of-. the hospital's defense thac the
citizen brought them a girl, the court
decided that the authorities had pro
duced the wrong o.ne and ordered the
real son to be surrendered. A pro
longed search failed to find the miss
ing male -infant, and within a short
time the highest court of Holland will
try the irate father's claim for dam
ages sustained by the loss of his son.
terest manifested by their Majesties in
the little children of the Prince and
Princess of Wales. In society there
have been some notable entertain
ments, and fancy dress balls have been
the fashion of the year. Dinners are
now set after 8 o'clock instead of 8:30,
concerts begin at 10, and balls about
half an hour later.
at as the royal, couple from Italy,
whom every one was 'bent on seeing.
For the tired-looking woman was
Mme. La ComtPsse.de Montignoscr.
who,; as , the Princess Louise, of Tus
cany and Crown • Princess of Saxony,
startled the world last December by
deserting her husband and fleeing to
Zurich to meet M. Giron, her lover.
The former Crown .Princess and #her
child were on their way from Paris to
Ryde, in the Isle of Wight, where they
expect, to spend the winter near the
home, of an American, whose wife is
an intimate friend of the former
Princess.'
' Although mole, sable and ermine,
which "have been popular so long in
England, seem in -no. danger of losing
favor entirely this season, garments of
monkey fur are now considered the
smart thing, especially for driving.
The, new fur was introduced a short
time . ago by a French dealer, and the
demand for. coats,- capes and muffs of
the long hair already is great. „ 1
Although • the latest anti-corset
crusade has not yet reached- Uondon,
its; promoters are carrying \he cause
into ; Birmingham, where they hope to
find .champions among; both sexes.
"Andfwhy not among the men?" the
members , inquire. "It is for the capti
vation of man that .women usually
lace, and if the stern sex is known to
frown on the custom the result* ought
to be abolition of the practice." So
far,; however, the membership of the
the Crown Prince of Germany ever
was considered. .It was one of , the
Crown Prince's; younger, brothers who
had leanings j toward the Princess.
Alexander of. Teck.ough,t to be con
sidered among the "luckiest of . men.
Besides getting a cultivated, popular
and most lovable bride, he will marry
a . considerable fortune, which will
not ' com e amiss in . the house of Teck.
It is said: that the bride-elect's ulti
mate fortune will reach $500,000. a
large part; of which is- due to Queen
Victoria's, generous for the
Duchess of Albany and her children.
While the title of Teck does not stand
for quite i so much moneys as many
others. the/Prince, , who has just turned
29, is popular in 'society. -As an officer
in the Seventh. Hussars he made an
excellent South African record and is
a thorough; ; unaffected soldier. V A
story characteristic, of his simplicity
is told of ; the; days w'hen, his" regiment
was stationed at Hampton Court, near
London. For. some reason , the ¦ stable
force suddenly, became reduced and,
rather than see the horses • neglected,
the Prince, took a hand in the groom
ing arid feeding, 'working as hard as
the humblest stable boy. .
Probabjy- ; not : a- half-dozen, of the
multitude, who hurried; past a: nurse
maid carrying ;a youiig child and ac
companied by.ya', tired-looking i woman
realize" that these ¦ passengers | alight
ing, at -Victoriai station ¦-• in -London
might be. as ..well worth having; a look
THREE RICH AND HANDSOME WOMEN OF THE UNITED KINGDOM WHO LIVE QUIETLY AND TRAVEL AND WRITE FOR DIVERSION.
Lady Miuto, wife -of the- Governor
General of Canada, and her daughters
are at present, traveling in* the Far
East. They intend to come on to Eng
land for a short visit before returning
to Canada. Lord Minto's official .duties
pi-evented his accompanying them" on
their interesting tour. - -';ij$ttHH
I*ADY MINTO TRAVELING.
Mrs. Edward Tennant is a good deal
younger than her. brilliant sister-in
law, Mrs. Asquith. but their little chil
dren are contemporaries,- and- When in
town the two ladies are much' together,
Mrs,, Tennant sometimes helping Mrs.
Asquith to do the political honors of
her house.
George Wyndham, to whom fate has
been so kind in many ways, is much
blessed in his three sisters, and he and
Mrs. Tennant — who is married, by the
way, to Kir Charles Tennant's . eldest
son and heir — have many artistic and
literary sympathies in common/
Like her distinguished brother, Mrs.
Tennant Is fond of writing as -well as
of reading, and her unpretentious,
thoughtful little volume, entitled "Vil
lage Notes," was received with great
favor, both by the purely literary
critics . and .- by •' those who saw In the
slender volume an attempt to deal .with
the difficult problem of English village
life. -rrJrsS
Herbrand into "Hatband," and — for
some unknown reason — his friends
often call him "Rousseau."
Much has been written on the sub
ject of the Duchess' fondness for sport
and her remarkable record as a pheas
ant shot, b,ut few are aware of the
depth and extent of her zoological ac
quirements. She has a library of books
on natural history, and is a member of
the Zoological Society. The Duchess is
fond of horses, • rides well and is a
keen fisherwoman. And, -in spite of
her outdoor "life, she has several
sedentary pursuits; she reads a great
deal, photographs and is a • first-rate
typist.
Mrs. Edward Tennant, sister of
George Wyndham, Chief Secretary for
Ireland, is. known to all lovers of art
as having been the prettiest of ' the
three beautiful sisters whose group
portrait by Mr. Sargent was thesensa,
tion not only of a season but of a
decade*, v
. Th<? Duchess of Bedford is never
Happier than when at Wodburn Abbey,
in. the sole society of her husband,
feon and favorite animals. The Duke
of Bedford is a domestic character,
•with much of the' cleverness and some
of the eccentricity of the Bedford
family. The traditions of the Russells
are against school, and the Duke was
educated at home, but afterward
joined the Grenadier Guards. He has
the square face, high forehead * and
blue eyes of his race and rejoices in a
couple of nicknames. -When in India
the- natives converted the name of
ILEIt I JFK AT HOME.
The -Duchess is never seen at the
ffcncy balls of the London season, but
sVrc 'ones 'attended a costume fete at
the skating: rink and assumed the
« huracter .of Queen Eleanor of Eng
land.- On this occasion she entertained
literally and gave a bountiful supper
lp her friends and relations. Dress
docs cot appeal to this lady, but at
•i-ourfand on special occasions she
wears .rich, dignified attire and the
"Bedford jewels are, of course, fa
ttOUS.:
The Duchess of Bedford seems al
most unknown in London. Like her
ducal husband, she cares nothing for
society, rarely entertains, and is sel
dom seen in public, except at her
newly-acquired skating rink, or in the
t3?dford Optra box, which the Duke
owns in his right as ground landlord
cfCpvcnt Garden Theater. Th» box.
*-y the way, has a separate staircase
fthd private entrance to the street, and
at the bac.k it is a well-furnished, com
fortable sitting-room. The Duchess,
v'ho is genuinely fond of music, often
Jjrpears. at Covent Garden, and, when
Turner operas are performed, has her
""iinnr.r served to her in tha dim recess
bfthe Bradford box. The only place
V here she cares to see anything of her
.own ..set is at Prince's rink during the
v.-int^r season.
most fortunate of unions. As often
happens in the case of exceptionally
rich, there has been but one child — a
son. Lord Tavistock, now nearly 15
years old. In appearance the Duchess
of Bedford is of medium height, has
brown hair, gray eyes and a pleasant,
unaffected manner.
SAN FRANCISCO, : SUNDAY, JANUARY 3, 190i.
Pages 17 to 20
Pap>~E7'to 20The following named have been elect
ed ' officers of Court Seal Rock No. 45
of the Foresters of /America for the
ensuing term: Gustave.P. Anderson,
chief ranger; A. C. Biedenbach, sub
chief; E. *J. Coffney, treasurer; Ben F.
Johnson, financial secretary; H. J. Wil
lis, recording secretary; V— B. Swensoe,
senior, woodward (all re-elected) ;' K.
Nelson. Junior woodward; A. G. An
derson, senior beadle; J. Taisen, Junior
AMERICAN FORESTERS.
Mrs. Alice E. Creba. retiring past
president, was presented a handsome
gold and turquoise ring by the mem
bers as a token of sisterly love 'and
approval of her course during the
time she was in office, having held the
office of president for two terms. ' a
social hour and refreshments followed
the work of the evening. This lodge
is progressing beyond expectation and
its record is one of continued pros
perity, socially and flnancialljr.
Empress Victoria Lodge, Daughters
of St. George, had its officers Installed
for the current term of six months,
except the treasurer, chaplain and- the
secretaries, who were installed for one
year. The ceremony was by Mrs. J.
G. Davis. D. D.. assisted by Mrs. E.
Witts, G. C, in a very impressive man
ner. The rulers of the lodge are: W.
P. P.. Mrs.. R. Fisher: W. P., Airs. M
E. Flack; W. V. P., Mrs. J. Putney*
W. F. S.. Mrs. H. Williams; w. T.'.
Mrs. A. E. Creba; W. R. S., Miss An
nie Smith: W. C. Mrs. E. Harrison*
W. F. C Mrs. C. Hopps; W. s. C.'.
Mrs. M. Lopes; W. I. G.. Miss Ruby
Witts; W. O. G.. Mra. M. Je-wrUt.
Trustees — Mesdames S. Atkinson, S.
E. Johnson and P. A. Williams.
VICTORIA LODGE.
On the evening of tha third Monday
In December Mrs. Alma I Jensen, pres
ident of the California Assembly of Re
bekahs, paid her official visit to Loyai
Rebekah Lodge. The officers Initiated
six" candidates '. in a- most creditable
manner and ' they were ¦ rewarded with
words of praise by the visiting official
and others who accompanied 'her,
among the number being Mrs. Mary B.
Donoho, secretary !• of the Assembly:
District Deputy Mrs. Flora Burgmau
and her; staff,' and Inside Guardian of
the Assembly' Mary: Barnes. \ One who
came In for ' the ; greatest amount ' of
praise for proficiency In the -work was
The San Francisco relief committee
a. fraternal visit to Jubilee Re
bekah Lodge, December 29, and on the
following night the committee visited
Cosmopolitan Lodge of the subordi
nates. ¦ . -:':- •'/a
328, possibly the largest of any dodge
In the jurisdiction. The noble grand,
an energetic and earnestworker for the
order, expressed a determination to
have Templar become the banner
lodge as to numbers . and personnel
of the members. It is believed that
she has achieved her aim. At the
meeting of December 19 the lodge ini
tiated a class of nineteen.
Quite an amount of money was con
tributed by Rebekah lodges for the pur
pose, of making purchases of gifts for
the orphans in the home at Gilroy.
Mrs. Mary E. Donoho, secretary of the
assembly, was appointed* purchasing
agent and she secured many nice
things, which were forwarded and dis
tributed to the little ones on Christmas
morn. • ': '.'.-" ¦. iOtV'V'W
OFFICERS OF MASONIC OR
DER: EASTERN STAR, AND
DEGREE OF POCAHONTAS.
At the December meeting of the
Ladies' Auxiliary of the Knights Temp
lar, California Commandery No. 1, there
was a short business session,, during
which there was transacted the, routine
affairs, after which the. auxiliary was
turned over to Mrs. A. Hromada and
Mrs. T. B. de Witt, who were chosen
as the hostesses during the social ses
sion. Mrs. Fred Marsh and Mrs. George
Dyer attended to the entertaining of
the ladles. A feature of tha session
was the game of flowers. Each lady
picked a basket with a beautiful flower
in it and when the lady holding the
basket made a point she received a
sprig of Christmas berries to help fill
her basket. The first prize was won
by Mrs. E. P. Heald and the second by
Mrs.; George Haas. Then each lady
was presented a souvenir of the occas
ion in the form of a hand-painted Idea
with a little calendar- attached by a
dainty ribbon from which depended an
almond containing a token of remem
brance. Each lady in turn opened the
almond and read a verse that was con
tained in it. The tenor of each was
how to be healthy, wealthy and wise.
At the, close of the social hour Mrs.
Hromada presented each lady»a pretty
box. of very fine candies. These who
attended and enjoyed the ¦ December
meeting were Mrs. W. R. Joi;es, presi
dent; Mrs. L. H. McDonnell, vice presi
dent: Mrs. Val Schmidt, second vice
president; Mrs. William Martlnsteln,
secretary; Miss M. J." Bragg, assistant
secretary; Mrs. J. F. Logan, treasurer;
Mrs.; A. Hromada, Mrs. T. B. de Witt,
Mrs. Fred Marsh, Mrs. George Dyer,
Mrs. T. J/ Crowley, Mrs. George Haas,
Mrs, E. P. Heald, Mrs. C. C. Morehouse,
Mrs. A. A.Badkin, Mrs. Delbert* Nich
ols, Mrs. . J. P. Jaegling, Mrs. R. L.
Radke, Mrs. C. F. Humphrey. Mrs.
John S. Mills, Mrs. R.: Miller; Mrs. Isaac
Grant, Mrs. .George Brown, Mrs. James
Young, Mrs. Henry Holmes, Mrs. A. M.
Cox. V Mrs." : Snell, 1 . Mrs. Eastman, Mrs.
J: ' L. ¦ Prior, Mrs. - John F. Mclntosh,
Mrs. .William H. Morgan, Mrs. Marsh,
Mrs. McJunkin, Mrs. H. Maundrell, Mrs.
LADIES' AUXILIARY.
The officers of Pride of, the Forest
Circle of the Companions of the Forest,
A. O. F., will be Installed at the next
meeting and great preparations are be
ing made for the event.
The Christmastide party given by
Loyal Circle of the Companions of the
Forest of the A. O. F. in the A. O. F.
building' recently was a very delightful
affair that was conducted to the satis
faction of all and under the direction
of Lizzie Pritchard and Companions
Greferer, Large and Ebbitts. There
was a Christmas tree for the children.'
with Mr. Karrow as Santa Claus and
then games and dancing.
Court St. Gotardo of Oakland initiat
ed fifty strangers during the past
term.
Court Star of California Initiated ten.
strangers In Sausalito last week.
St. Rosa Juvenile Court of Santa
Rosa will give its first annual enter
tainment on January 7. A number of
the members of the juvenile court of
thi3 city will attend in a body.
A new court of Juvenile Foresters of
the A. O. F. was instituted by the
grand officers in Oakland last week.
The court starts with a good member
ship and gives promise of an active
life. During the ceremony of Institu
tion and installation of officers the
music incidental to the same was fur
nished by the Juvenile Band of San
Francisco.
ANCIENT FORESTERS.
Lillle Carren, the noble grand of the
lodge. -During the evening the visit
ing president was presented a beauti
ful floral horseshoe.
The. following named elected and the
appointed officers of Oakland Lodge
were installed December 29: M. Bar
nett, noble grand; H. J. Samuels, vice
grand; A. M. Drinkwater, recording
secretary, and D. R. Ford, treasurer.
There was a grand "jolly" after the
ceremony. This lodge, during the last
year, was very successful, adding a
number to the membership.
Fountain Lodge on December 28 had
six candidates to confer the second de
gree upon. The following night the
members of the lodge paid a fraternal
visit to Oakland Lodge to witness the
conferring of the third degree..
"Harbor Lodge at its last held regu
lar meeting conferred the second de
gree and the officers who took part
were highly complimented for the work,
several of the speakers being visiting
members of the order from the East.
Mission. Rebekah Lodge installed/its
officers "last night. Those of Jubilee
will be installed on January 5. Oriental
on the 6th, Amity on the 9th, California
on the 16th and Templar on the 23d.
During the Incumbency of Mrs. H.
W. Osthoff as noble grand of Templar
Rebekab Lodge there was made the
greatest gain in membership of any of
the local. lodges. It was forty-six net,
which' brings the membership up to
Yerba Buena Lodge, I. O. O.s^., will
install its officers on the evening of
January 7.
Thirty-eight members of Industrial
Lodge of Sacramento accompanied
Grand Master Baker last .week on a
visit to the lodge in Rio Vista. Dur
ing the evening two candidates were
initiated and the three degrees were
conferred on nine entitled to receive
the same. This was followed^by a gen
eral good time and many spee'ehes.
On the evening of the. last day of
the year Alameda Lodge of San Jose
was consolidated with Observatory
Lodge of the same city.
' The amateur night by the members
of Loyal Rebekah Lodge on the, last
Monday In December was one of j the
most amusing fraternal entertainments
ever arranged by* a lodge of this order.
The programme embraced many num
bers by people who then appeared' be
fore an audience for. the first time and
their efforts kept the audience, which
was a large one, in continuous good
humor.
ODD FELLOWS.
energy at his command to make sev
eral organizations of which he is a
member a success. In Masonry he is
a member of the following bodies be
sides the one in which he was raised:
Yerba Buena Lodge of Perfection, Yer
ba Buena Chapter Rose Croix, Godfrey
de, St. Omar, Council of Kadosh and
San Francisco Consistory of the Scot
tish Rite. He is also a member of t the
Shriners and an active one In the Na
tive Sons of the Golden West.
San Francisco Consistory No. 1, Mas
ters of the Royal Secret, A. and A. S.
R. M. t has elected the following named
as officers for the current term: J. D.
Abrams, M. of the Kadosh: Harry J.
Lask, prior; W. P. Filmer, sub-prior;
F. Van Schack, chancellor; F. Koenlg,
minister of state; William S. Moses,
almoner; Samuel W. Levy, treasurer;
Henry Burner, registrar; George G.
Gauld, trustee. The foregoing with R.
E. Allan, primate; G. Varcoe, master
of ceremonies; George Fllmer, expert;
A. M. Armer, assistant expert; George
Lake, captain of the host; Carlo Scal
manini, standard bearer, and J. d'Arcy,
tyler.
La Parfaite Union Lodge has In
stalled the following named as its offi
cers for the current term: Adolph
Huguenin, master; L. J. Gerhardt, se
nior, and J. Letrodec, junior warden;
Jules Auradcru, treasurer: F. de St. Jul
lien, secretary; M. Myer, chaplain; O.
Bozio, marshal; T. Tryer and H. Mol
let, stewards; A. Lobe, tyler. The in
stallation was followed by a banquet,
during which the King Solomon Quar
tet furnished the music and O..M. Gol
darecena was the toastmaster.
McKinley Grove is making arrange
ments for the reception of Noble Grand
Arch George Beck and other grand offi
cers on the occasion of the official
visit January 14. The members will
have several ' candidates to initiate on
that night.
J. B. Vignau, a well known member
of McKlnley Grove, was the host at a
supper he gave Christmas eve to a
number of .members of the order and
friends/ After the repast had been
disposed of the health of the host was
proposed and then followed responses
to sentiments by a numbey of those
around the festive board.
North End Grove will . give its first
invitation social In the social .nail of
the Alcazar building on the evening of
January 21. The committee promises
an excellent entertainment for that
evening.
Hesperian Grove No. 15, U. A. O. D.,
has appointed the following named a
committee to arrange for a ball in cele
bration of the thirty-fifth anniversary
of the institution of the grove. John
T. Kidd. H. C. Young. W. J. Anderson,
R. Higuera; C. Jose, E. A. Halstrom
and ErR. Harding. The committee
has secured Union Square Hall for
yie ball on the evening of January 16.
The visit of the noble grand arch to
Columbia Grove in the latter part of
December was a very pleasant one, and
the members of the grove did all in
their power to show that the organiza
tion Is a live one. Three strangers were
initiated in the first degree in a most
acceptable manner, and the officers in
troduced some novel features in the
floor work, which were favorably com
mented upon. A number of addresses
for the good of the order followed, the
principal speakers being the noble
grand arch/Past Grand Arches Gug
lielmoni, Godeau and Martinoni, now
supreme deputy grand arch of the
United States and grand secretary of
the Jurisdiction of California; Grand
Treasurer Horn and many of the lesser
lights of the order. During the evening
the grove was addressed by Dr. Con
rad and Thomas Thornton in behalf of
the uniform rank of the chapter branch
of the order.
During December Noble Grand Arch
B«ck visited several of the groves in
an official capacity. Accompanied by
Grand Secretary Martinoni and Grand
Trustee Wedemeyer, he visited the
grove, in San Rafael, where the work
of the order was beautifully exemplified
by the officers in the initiation of two
candidates. The other degrees were also
creditably exemplified.
The noble grand arch, the grand sec
retary. Past Noble Grand Arch Gugliei
moni,' Grand Treasurer Horn, Grand
Trustee Slchel, Grand Representative
Goetz, Past Noble Grand Arch Hoag.
Grand Marshal Antonovich and Grand
Trustee Wedemeyer were with Santa
Rosa and Sempione groves in joint ses
sion in Santa Rosa. There were also
representatives from Templar, Taleslan
and Eureka groves, as well as the de
gree team of Old Friends' Grove, num
bering thirty, under' command of Cap
tain Debruyne. Eleven candidates were
initiated for the two groves, after which
there were addresses by the grand of
ficers and a banquet and more speech
making until 2 a.m.
THE DRUIDS.
mittee on extension of the order,
through W. K. Wheelock, chairman,
presented a reuort which showed that
the increase of the order in this city
during- the year had been 296, 146 of
which was since July last. This shows
an increase of fifty-six over the pre
ceding year. The report also shows that
but four of the six prizes offered by the
cabinet to those members who would
bring in more than a certain number
of candidates during the* last six
months had been won. The winners
are: First prize, Ernest H. Hills of San
Francisco Council, the winner of the
first prize during the previous six
months;, second prize, C. H. Cook of
San Francisco Council; third prize, Jo
seph, A. Wilson .of El Capitan. and,
sixth prize (the fourth and fifth not
having been won). Dr. Horace Laidlaw
of El Dorado Council.
¦ Washington Hall in the Red Men's
building was the scene of much mer
riment on the last Monday in Decem
ber, when Darina Parlor held its an
nual Christmas festival. There was a
large tree, beautifully decorated, and
Ed McAuliffe, who impersonated Santa
Claus, distributed gifts to about 150
children as they marched around the
tree. Each also received a box of
candy. The "Santa" feature being
over, there was a short address ap
propriate to the occasion by Miss
Frances Edwards, the president, and a
programme of music, songs, literary
efforts and fancy dancing, contributed
by Edna Arrington, Anna Meyer and
Elizabeth Weiss, pupils of Miss Jean
Logan's dancing academy; Toby Berg,
Hazel Hollingsworth and Edna Webb.'
Then followed dancing and at the
playing of "Home, Sweet Home," best
wishes for a happy new year. The af
fair was under the direction of Miss
Sweeney, K. McGough, M. Benjamin,
A. Gerichten, F. Edwards, L. Ham
mersmith, Dr. Criswell, E. Dawes, M.
Mooney. L. Heinecke, I. Jentch, E.
McCarthy, E. Tietjen, E. McAuliffe, S.
Patton and E. Marks.
Keith Parlor will receive a visit
from the grand president on Jan
uary 4.
lowed dancing until midnight and all
had a good time. The affair was well
managed by Emma G. Foley, Pauline
Urquhart, Alma Reimers, Jessie Rus
seck and Nora Foley.
The grand Christmas tree party given
by Alta Parlor on the last Tuesday in
December in the banquet hall
of the Native Sons* building to
its members, their children and
friends was a delightful ' affair.
The "tall girl" of the parlor,
Mrs. Lizzie Myers, was the Santa Claus,
and she was kept busy for an hour dis
tributing gifts to the little ones from
the heavily laden tree, and If once in
awhile she gave a female gift to a male
child it was because the demands upon
her by the impatient children were
greater than she could respond to.
After the little ones had been attended
to there was dancing for the adults for
two hours. Those who attended to the
carrying out of the details of this func
tion were Mary Nunan, Mrs. R. Kemp
Van Ee, Lizzie Douglass, Amy Mc-
Dougall, Mrs. Pomeroy and Mrs. Tril
lenland.
The latest report of Supr.^ x+
retary W. Q. Robson of the jyal
Arcanum shows a net gain No
vember of 2406, making a net gain
since January, 1903. of 26.058. On
the 30th of November the total mem
bership was 280.380. The indications
were at thkt time that at the close of
the year the number would be increas
ed to 285.000. The condition of the
funds, according to that report, la:
Emergency fund. $2,006,371 56; total
resources, $1,354,574 97; liabilities up
to that date, $637,250; amount paid to
beneficiaries since the organization of
the order in 1887. $81,735,363 26.
The annual ladies' night recently
given by Alameda Council in Encinal
Hall, Alameda, was attended by more
than 300 persons, who were welcomed
by Regent C. E. Stokes. He took oc
casion, to briefly dwell upon the work
of the order and later in the evening
Rev. F. S. Brush, the council's chap
lain, delivered an entertaining and in
structive talk on the "principles of the
order. This was followed by an ex
cellent programme of music, song and
literary numbers and then dancing.
Golden West Council had a banquet
December 2? In a fashionable rotis
serie for the membership league. It
was a very pleasant affair and dur
ing the evening there was some talk
of the league challenging Buena Vis
ta Council to- get up a membership
league and enter into a contest.
The councils of Los Angeles have
all elected Their officers for the new
term and will install them during the
early part of the current month* The
councils of i that city are arranging a
grand reception for Grand Regent
Gus Gunzendorfer when he visits that
locality on his tour through Southern
California during the current month.
D. W. Maloon, grand secretary, re
ports that the increase in California
during the council year ending last
February was about 20 per cent and
that reports received thus far indi
cate the increase during the year that
will close next February will exceed
that percentage. '
ROYAL ARCANUM.
At the meeting of the San Francisco
Cabinet of the National Union held on
the last Saturday in December the com-
NATIONAL UNION.
MASONIC.
The officers who are to serve Excel
sior Lodge of the F. and A. M. for the
current Masonic year were installed on
the last Saturday in December by Lew
is C. Hunter, with Louis A. Murch as
master of ceremonies. After the instal
lation the lodge presented to retiring
Master Hunter a jewel and a case of
silver tableware for the special benefit
of Mrs. Hunter. The new officers are:
Darrell A. Hare, master; R. C Guyett,
senior warden; Edwin L. Foster, Junior
warden; S. H. Daniels, treasurer; H. J.
Owens, secretary; W. H. Dick, chap
lain; J. W. Cameron, senior deacon; C.
A. Adams, junior deacon; H. F. Gould,
marshal; H. C. Gingg and John W.
Lewis, stewards; George W. Perkins,
tyler; R. F. Tilton, organist. The cere
monies at the temple were followed by
a banquet at the California Hotel.
California Lodge No. 1, the parent
lodge of this State, in accordance with
an old-established custom, installed its
officers, on St. John's day, which this
year fell on Sunday. The new officers
are: R. H. Wilcox, master; William H.
Crocker, senior warden; Henry A. Cline,
junior warden; A. H. Miller, treasurer;
Franklin H. Day, secretary; W. J.
Golcher, senior deacon; H. H. Witham,
Junior deacon; F. V. Keesling, marshal;
H. T. Hennlng and Dr. Daniel E. F.
Easton, stewards; George P. Adams,
tyler; Samuel D. Mayer, organist. The
installing officer was Henry M. Owens,
and his assistant as marshal was
Charles M. Plum, past master. A re
markable feature of the ceremony was
that the jewel of the past master's rank
which was placed on the breast of re
tiring Master Owens was not from the
lodge, . contrary to the usual case, but
was from his wife, who had made a
special request to be permitted to do
nate the jewel. The lodge, however,
presented to the retiring master a hand
some ivory gavel as an expression of its
admiration of the most commendable
manner in which he conducted the
affairs of the lodge during his term. In
addition to this it gave him to present
on behalf of the lodge to Mrs. Owens
a large case of silver tableware. ¦
George William Lake, recently in
stalled as worshipful master of King
Solomon Lodge, F. and A. M., is well
l:nown in fraternal circles in San Fran
cisco and has devoted all the time and
The members of Orinda Parlor, N. D.
G. W. f had a very enjoyable party last
week in the banquet hall of the Native
Sons' building. The members turned
out in good number and by special in
structions brought all their children
and their friends with them. There'waF
a little Santa Claus hidden behind a big
gift-laden -tree, and at the proper time
he appeared and gave each child a toy
and a bag of candy. After the distribu
tions hundreds of cascarones were scat
tered about until every one •was covered
m-ith bits of colored paper. . Then fol-
•Minerva Parlor No. 2 mourns the loss
of a very good friend in the recent
death of Henry P. Wynne, who was
instrumental in a great degree in or
ganizing Minerva and who after that
had a fatherly and fraternal interest
In that organization.
J.un.ipero Parlor No. 141 of the Native
Daughters of the Golden West was in
stituted December 16 in the old cus
tom, house at Monterey with a mem
• bershjp of twenty-three by District
.* -!Der>uty Grand President Miss Alice
Iceland of Monterey, assistfd by Mrs.
• Lucia Noubarth of Buena Viuta Parlor
* as grand marshal. Several members
from Aleli' Parlor of Salinas were pres
errt.. The following named were chosen
, and installed as officers for the initial
•terra: Mrs. R. F. Johnson, president;
Mrs. M. Wolter, first vice . president ;
Mrs. F. M. Hilby, second vice presi
dent; Mrs. W. Kilpatrick. third vice
president; Miss L. C Peckham, record-
Ing secretary; Miss A. Berkschicker,
financial secretary; Mrs. M. Harris,
treasurer; Mrs. J. A. Wolter, marshal;
'Mrs. Loretta Schaufele, insid<? j,»_ntinel;
Mrs. It R. Bickford. outsida sentinel;
Miss' Florence Sehaufele, Miss Dollie
Bteadman, Miss Oajrie Read, tiustees;
.Mrs. J.' L. Moss McGowan, physician;
Miss F. Sehaufele, organist
Calaveras Parlor, N. D. G. W.. has
elected the following named as officers
! for. the current term: Sophie Struss,
president; Alicia Nunan, Alice Vice
and .Lucie Reincke, vice presidents;
Leah Wrede, recording and .Tosie Hart
man, financial secretaries; Tillie Leeh
man, marshal; Martie McFarland,
Agnes McVery and Tillie Si himpf, trus
tees; Mae Spellman, outside, and Mae
Stolz, "inside sentinels; Sophie Grising
her, organist, and Dr. Krootz, surgeon.
.This, the beauty parlor of the city, will
be visited officially by Grand President
>Hss Stella Finkeldey, January 5, and
the following named have be*»n appoint
ed to arrange for the reception of the
! visiting officer: Leah Wrede, Agnes
McVery, Ninu Nelson, Lena Moore,
•Alicia Nunan. Eleanor Ga:ms, Josie
Jia-rtman, Lucille Reincke and Sophie
StruEs.
' A few evenings since Past Grand
President Belle Wingfield Conrad gave
a "petit souper" at her elegant home
on Haieht street to a few friends.
Those who enjoyed the hospitality of
this most charming hostess were Past
Grand President Mrs. Ema Gett, Past
Grand President Eliza D. Keith, Past
Grand President Mary E. Tillman,
Grand Secretary Laura J. Frakes, Mrs.
Fr^nk J. Dunn, Miss May Gibhons and
Miffi Tessie Simons of Sonora, Mrs. J.
II:. Shine, May Sweeney of Orinda Par
lor .arid Mrs. Angus McXay and Mrs.
Miittie Kapp of Oro Fino Parlor and
Miss Rosabel Conrad. It vas an in
foimal affair, but nevertheless most
delightful. .
During the first two weeks in Janu
ary the president will visit a number
of the local parlors and after this she
wili have visited all the parlors except
two, the new one at Monterey and the
.one at Redding.
. -At the visit to Mariposa Parlor the
grand -president discovered a spirit
wnnhy" of emulation by all parlors of
tiie. order The work was presented in
a' most excellent and impressive man
fi*»r and won for the officers an unusual
amount of praise from the visiting offi
cial. At the close of the parlor there
was a programme of entertainment
arid a collation.
.'.In Visalia the parlor also held a spe
cjia! meeting and demonstrated that it
i> not only a strong but an active one.
The parlor showed its ability to render
th? work in a very acceptable manner
and words of praise for the officers
were ppcrken by the visitor, who stated
that thev deserved all the good that
could be said of them.' After the busi
ness of the evening a dainty collation
was served and all were presented with
pretty plates as souvenirs of the grand
president's visit.
At Voritas Parlor, Merced, the grand
president was well received and the
¦vVork was exemplified by, the initiation
of a candidate in a creditable manner.
A banquef and speeches marked the
C'.ose.of the visit.
Tejon Parlor held a special meeting
t-<t receive the grand president and ren
dered the work pf the order in a man
ijer that was highly commended. The
visftor instructed the parlor in many
matters. of interest. The work of the
evening was followed by a sumptuous
banquet. The following day the grand
president was shown the oil wells of
thf vicinity and also the result of the
tret planting inaugurated by the parlor.
'.AVhile in Los Angeles the grand presi
dent was the guest pf the grand mar
thai'and was taken on a tally-ho ride
io View the beauties of the country.
The members of the parlors trjere vied
with each* other to make the visit of
"the grand officer as pleasant as pcrs
efb'te. -
able manner. The members of the par
ley ax Ventura rendered aseistaf ce,
manifesting a true fraternal spirit. Un
der cood, for the order there were re
marks by the grand president and
Grand Marshal Eva T. Bussenlus of Los
'Angeles. The grand president was pre
sented with a souvenir spoon.
• ••At La Esperanza Parlor of Los* An
gers, .of which the grand marshal Is
number, the grand president found
at most harmonious set of members.
The work was watched with a great
,deal of interest and complimented. The
praci president gave the parlor some
excellent advice, after which she was
presented with a beautiful souvenir of
the visit. After the visit the members
.tendered a reception to the grand presl
'debV at the home of Mr. and Mrs. G.
M.. Randall an Toberman street. There
•were present members of Los Angeles
and Ramona- parlors. There were liter
dry numbers and music, including'in
strumental selections by the grand
president. A most delightful evening
was spent.
"Grand President Stella .Finkeldey
during the month of December paid
official visits to a number of the par
lors .of the order. In Santa Paula she
discovered that Los Pimientos Parlor
had lost all its paraphernalia by a fire
which destroyed the meeting hall, but
the' girls were equal to the occasion of
an official visit. They secured another
hall and on the evening fixed for the
visit; transacted business as usual and
presented the work in a most credit-
Julius Lowe, Mrs. J. P. Fraser, Mrs.
M. Johnson. Mrs. T. L. Henderson. Mrs.
George Newman, Mrs. Charles Taber.
Mrs. George Leibe, Miss Eva PowelL
The ladies of the auxiliary had an en
joyable card party in the hall of the
Sorosis Club on the evening of the last
day of 1903, a sort'of watch night meet
ing to bid the old year good-by and
welcome the new one. There were cards
at 8 p. m. and dancing at 9. '
The Companions of the Forest of
America have perfected their plans for
another class initiation in San Fran
cisco and have elected the following
named as the officers of, the general
committee that will have charge of
this matter: Agnes D. Bremer. presi
dent; Mrs. M. A- Duke, vice president;
Mate Cartwrigrht, secretary; Mrs. A. E.
Drendell, treasurer; Mrs. E. J. Stein
¦weg, guardian. An executive commit
tee of seven was appointed to present
a plan of action. Thirteen of the lo
cal circles were represented at th»
Initial meeting.
The three courts in Sacramento are
arranging for a class initiation and
have already secured one hundred and
thirty-five condidates.
beadle (re-elected): Henry Lange. trus
tee; Joseph L. Gallagher, lecturer; Dr.
A. / K. Happersberger, physician (re
elected); Charles M./Trqppmann. drug
gist (re-elected).
The ball that was given by Court
Inter Nos No. IS. F. of A., in Union
Square Hall recently was one of the
greatest social successes ever held un
der*the auspices of this subordinate of
the American Foresters. The attend,
ance was so large • that there was
scarcely room for the dancers; the mu
sic was excellent and the arrangement
of the dances was. as one of the dancers
said, "so evenly balanced that it- could
not have been better." Between dances
little Jennie Harrington presented spe
cialties that were loudly applauded.
Grand Trustee Daniel Teare has been
visiting a number of the local courts
and enthusing the membership in re
gard to the class initiation that will be
held in this city when Supreme Chief
Ranger Kelly arrives here in January.
• Court Mlguelito, which expects a
visit from the supreme chief ranger,
intends to present him a class of one
hundred candidates. . • „ ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, , SUNDAY, JANUARY 3, 1904.
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
18The Chutes . has "high-class spe
cialties every afternoon and evening
in the thoroughly heated theater.
It was good-by to the "Road Show"
at the Orpheum yesterday. This after
noon-the bill is new from one end to
the other. |
The comic picture play will have
yet another exposition this week.
"Happy Hooligan" being to-night's bill
'at the California.
should have an attractive bill this
week. Joe Kelly; whose cocaine fiend
at the Orpheum some time ago was
the best of weird portraiture, is lead
ing man.
If "The Head Waiters" is any kind
of medium, the Grand Opera-house
They are going, to shout "The
world Is mine!" again this week at
the Central, when the favorite old
melodrama "Monte Cristo" is given.
The house -will doubtless overflow in
its usual hap'py fashion. "
The Alcazar offers this week Mrs.
Frances Hodgson Burnett's "A Lady
of Quality." that for the first time will
be given in stock. The romance, with
Its picturesque costuming of a hundred
years ago and pretty story, offers a
pleasant opportunity to the clever com
pany at the Alcrzar.
"When Johnny Comes Marching
Home" Is In active rehearsal at the
Tivoli. There will be opportunity on
Its production to judge the ususually
good company' gathered together there
for this year's light opera. "Ixion" is
going well, as well as possible, though
it isn't the best of possible Christmas
shows. The new theater is. however,
winning praise -on all hands.
"The Girl With the Green Eyes" is
amusing the easily interested at the
Columbia, with its Jealous heroine,
well pfciyed by Miss Conquest, its hero
ditto by Robert Drouet, and its
piquant Bideshows in the Vatican,
with the life-size Apollo Belvedere and
Cook's tourist victims as other at
tractions. The supporting company is
good.
Meantime "I. O. U." is running pros
perously, having proved one j of the
mosf profitable adventures of the
house. . • s
On January 11 Fischer's Theater
will be again to the fore with a local
production, by the promising name of
"The Beauty Shop." The burlesque is
by a . prominent newspaper man,
James C. Crawford, the music by a
local musician, whose name is yet with
held by the management. The story is
founded ui>on the recentjbattle of the
beauty doctors in the local courts, and
promises excellent entertainment.
MANY NEW PLAYS FOll
THE TXIEATEHS AT THE
OPENING OP NEW YEAR
"Do you find things much changed?"
"Oh. well, yes, I do find things dif
ferent." she confessed, without re
gret. "Naturally. I began my work
forty years ago this coming year — I
can hardly believe it myself."
"Then you are English?" I ex
claimed. Yet one should have known.
In spite of her thirty-five years in
America, Mrs. Whiffen has a softness
of voice, a delicate primness of speech,
a quaint ceremoniousness of mariner
that could have . been made only- in
England.
. "I was born in Islington, within
sound of Bow Bells," she replied, "so
I suppose I am English. But I hardly
know. At the very kernel of my heart
I suppose there is England, but I am
tremendously American, too. And I
have a son .who Is the most American
thing you ever saw! And he should be.
He was born here, and makes, his
"And you do not think that the
dramatic schools have contributed to
the overcrowding of the profession."
"Yes, of course. But it is simply a
change of source. Where actors were
formerly schooled in the theater they
now study in the dramatic schools. I
doubt if there are any more actors —
that is, in comparison with the In
creased population, than there used
to be in my early days."
"Oh, I think not." Mrs. Whiffen
said, thoughtfully. "There Is always
talk of the army of unemployed
actors. Yet it is true that there has
been nothing like the hardship among
actors for twenty-five years that there
has been this year. Play after play
b,as failed and nobody seems to under
stand, the reason. There has been no
great financial depression — "
I interrupted: "Joe Hart ascribes it
to the quality of the productions of
the season, and Mr. Hart seems to me
a very sapient sort of person."
"I think he is," Mrs. Whiffen nodded
wisely, "but I hardly think it was the
plays. 'Major Andre,* for example, I'm
sure, though not a great play, would
have gone in any ordinary year. But
there's such evidence as the fate of
the magnificent production of 'A Mid
summer Night's Dream,' with Nat
Goodwin.' They say that that played
one night to $7 in the house in New
York."
day in search of a good cup of tea —
to which I had the honor of piloting
her. "How is it?" I asked then, "that
we hear so little of the other old
ladies of the stage. Practically only
of you, Mrs. Gilbert and Mrs.Walcot?"
She gave it up, with a gentle "I'm
sure I don't know.'Perhaps it is a mat
ter of personality; perhaps It is be
cause youth is more interesting.
Really, I can't say."
"But what a really remarkable pro
fession the stage is for women — "
"There is n,o other like IV the act
ress heartily subscribed. "In what
other could a woman 84 years old
earn not only her livelihood but fame,
as Mrs. Gilbert is doing to-day? But
it seems pretty precarious at times.
You see everything depends on your
health, and there are all kinds of ups
and downs^* Yet there are such rich
compensations, and I should advise
any girl with real talent and the
physical qualifications to adopt the
stage as a profession."
"The dramatic schools seem to be
promisingly crowded," I remarked.
"One rather wonders if their enor
mous output has anything to do with
the present depression in the Eastern
theatrical circles."
MRS. WHIFFEN TALKS OF
HER EXPERIENCE PLAY
ING "OLD WOMAN" PARTS.
pieces. They must have the new ones.
And you'. cannot get them. ' The old
comedies might go occasionally, and
Shakespeare, but you cannot count on
these for more than a. week, and the
work of producing them for that time
is too hard. As Mr. Miller does it,
that is."
>"I have seen Mr. Miller at re
hearsal," I testified.
She laughed and said then: "Why,
even during that season here we -
worked almast every Sunday, until 2
and 3 o'clock in the morning some
times."
"But he got there," I laughed, and
she forg-ave me the slang for the ap
preciation. "Your stock ex-perience has
been a wide one, hasn't It?"
"1 was thirteen years with tlie Ly
ceum Company, six v ye'ars with the
Madison Square Theater Company,"
she Informed mo.
the old lady?"
"Always the old lady. Really, she
is. easier than 'straight* work; she is
generally of the 'character' genre," the
actress testified. "And there i3 a quick,
popular, appreciation of your work
usually."
"Your Lyceum repertoire was a very
extensive one?"
"Yes. we did all the Pinero plays,
'Lady Bountiful.' 'The Amazons,' all of
them as they came out. 'The Charity
Ball.' "The Wife,' 'Prii.oess Butterfly."
"Tree of Knowledge,' a number of
French plays — I forget, there wfcre so
many. Mrs. Gilbert was with Daly
then, playing all of his old woman
roles."
. "Glorious dnys," 1 paid.
"Perhaps they will come again,"
said the dear old lady, as I released
her, "but not in my time.'.'
\ "The difficulty is always with the
Dlays. The people won't have' the old
"Now, I 'wonder why Henry' Miller
can't come out and give us a good,
old-fashioned stock company, like that
he brought out that wonderful season
two years ago.' Then we could keep
you here, Mrs. Whiffen."..
"Ah, yes. Mr. Miller is a wonderful
man. .There you have an artist," Mrs.
Whiffen said heartily. "There is \ not
a mercenary Idea in his whole
makeup. Rather than go without the
things he thought. necessary to a pro
duction he would pay out of his own
pocket for them. He often did:" I al
ways tell the people coming out here
that they must bring their best, as
Henry ', Miller has used you to the
best."
"He seemed half Inclined : to ' the
stock company idea when he was last
here," I contributed.' '
"Mr. Whiffen was a good actor — and
a good man," his wife said, gravely
proud. "I — I can look back on twenty
nine years of happy married life. If
I did not have to iook back- — but I
should be glad to have the memory — „
a soft, small sigh ended the sentence.
"Your son also is an actor?" ,1
hastened to say.
"And doing quite nicely now," his
mother beamed/ -.:..: .--'....;:
"Certainly," Mrs. Whiffen replied,
"but not at the expense of the play.
The mountings now not seldom get
between the audience and the actor.
Just by so much they are a mistake.
Surely, though, it is well to have the
ghost rise without squeaks — I have
seen some funny things of that kind
in my day. It is very pleasant, too,
to see the higher social regard in
which the profession is held."
"Mr. Whiffen was an actor? I have
heard much 'about him," I ventured
then. '
"Well," Mrs. Whiffen said, with a
sober, little head-shake, "not quite. I
think' audiences are too. much given
to confusing the trappings of the play
with the play. I hear things like this
all the time in New York: One aska
'How did you like the play?' the an
swer. 'N.ot at all; there wasn't a decent
sown in it!' or, 'Splendidly; I never
saw such dresses in my life!' Well,"
and the actress daintily threw up her
dainty hands, "I don't like it at all."
"Possibly it is the playwright's
fcult that we prefer millinery to meat
— that's what they give us largely?"
"Yes, the plays Built 'nowadays are
not of the kind that live— in the ma
jority of cases," the actress decided.
"And think of the actors. We used
to play everything in "turn. Now, in
the traveling companies, with one of
these light plays as material, you may
have perhaps five lines to say, for per
haps a three years' engagement.. How
can one Improve under such regime?
You are worse at the end of the tour
than you were at the beginning, be
cause it. is humanly impossible to pre
serve your own interest in a part tor
such a length of time. Imagine if you
had to criticize the same play every
night for three years!" -
"Of course, there is a, mechanical
perfection to be obtained in this
way—"
"And more njoney to be made," Mrs.
Whiffen quietly supplemented. "I think
the stage was hardly so much of a
money-making business in the old
days. They thought less then of the
reward. It is ' difficult to serve two
masters."
... "You approve of the perfecting of
the trappings?" I reverted then.
"With every reason," Mrs. Whiffen
said. "In the standard plays, Shake
speare, and so^on, they could have
corrected your smallest mistake — and
did frequently," she laughingly, added.
"The pit was a power then. They paid
only their shillings and sixpences, but
they knew the plays just as well as
you, and they would be quite happy in
telling you so. It was ah audience of
critics and. lr you passed muster with
it, things were certainly we'll-, with
you."
"You would hardly say that to
day?" * -, . ¦ .' "
'Mrs. -Whiffen thought a moment
and then Bald: "Here is where the
big difference comes in, I think. Now,
if you make a small success in a part,
you are immediately designed for a
Btar. and the first thing you know
there is a piece Written 'round you.
In those days we were suposed to
make a success. If we didn't, we next
went 'way back — " no, she won't, I
wagered, breathlessly, as the slang
seemed imminent. And she didn't.
The sentence ended, "went 'way back
to the bottom of the class. We did
whatever we could get to do, thank
fully, and for well-doing the regard
was certain. When the manager found
you could please the audience — the
audience was our great school then—
with your, 'The carriage waits, my
lord,' you were trusted a little further.
And so on, and on. Nowadays a pupil
will come from a dramatic- school,
schooled thoroughly in one or V two
parts, and, when expected to play
others, having, ho furtner experience
to fall back upon, fails. And wonders
why."
"There is where your unemployed
army is recruited ?" I suggested.
"Surely. And where the superior
value of the old stock company as a
school is so amply demonstrated.".
"You , spoke of the old . audience as
a school a moment ago?"
And I suppose the gentle, refined
face is not pretty, by traditional rule
and line. It is so much better.
"So I thought it over," she con
tinued, quiet amusement tn her heavy
lidded, clear gray eyes, " and became
an old woman. I played Mercy Kirke
in that first production 486 times in
New York, the longest run of my ex
perience, and have been playing old
women ever since. At any rate, I
started off at a run!" — the dear lady's
tiny joke; "may I end at a walk!"
- "We got quite away from your early
stage days," I suggested then, "the
difference between then and now."
"Yes, and it came about curiously.
Dr. Mallory, who was interested in
the Madison Square Theater, that my
husband opened with 'Hazel Kirke,'
believed that a wife should always
bear her husband's name — he was a
clergyman, you know. I didn't care
very much either way — though, of
course, losing my name was losing a
kind of trademark— so I have been
Mrs. Thomas Whiffen ever since. Then
was when I began to play old women
parts, by the way."
; "I've often wondered how it is first
intimated to an actress that she should
put on gray hair," I ventured. '
"I'll tell you how it cams to me."
Mrs. Whiffen promised, smilingly.
"There did not seem to be anything
else open for me at the Madison
Square Theater when we went there.
My husband, of course, wished me to
be in the company and the manage
ment asked what line of work I
wanted. Then my husband came to
me and said: 'My dear, I'm going to
say a funny thing to you. If I were
you I would go in as the old woman.
I know you're not old enough, but— '
then he said nice things about the old
women I had played and how he
wanted me in the company. Well, I
wasn't a pretty woman, never was — "
Mrs. Whlffen's dimples deepened as I
looked a protest. "Look at my nose!
'What a funny little nose Mrs. Whif
fen's got,' a lady once said, and it was
quite true."
"That was before I was Mrs.Thomas
Whiffen on the bills, though my hus
band and I were married a month
before we left London," she ex
plained. "I was Blanche Galton to
the public then."
"Isn't it rather unusual to change
your stage name?"
"Long before you were born, my
dear," she said prettily. "I came here
with the original production of 'Pina
fore', in '69, as Little Buttercup."
"I didn't know you sang?" ¦
living here. But you should hear him
say, after he has been 'to London.
'There's nothing in the worJd like old
New York, mother!' "
"You came to America when?"
Those who attended any of the lec
tures given fest season by Barton
Holmes, the well-known traveler, au
thor and lecturer, will be glad to learn
he is again to visit San Francisco, for
the purpose of delivering at the Lyric
two courses of his famous. illustrated
lectures, the first entitled "From
Broadway to Bering Sea" and the sec
ond course "A New Way Around the
World." During the last summer
months Mr. Holmes traveled over
17,000 miles within the borders of, the
United States, and his resulting all-
American series, which is now being
given with immense success in the
East, consists of "The Yosemite Val
ley," "The Yellowstone Park," "The
Grand Canyon of Arizona," ""Alaska I,
Through the Fiords to Sitka and the
White Pass," and f'Alaska IL Down
the Yukon to the Klondike and Cape
Nome." The other series embraces
"St. Petersburg." "Moscow." "Siberia,"
"Peking." "Seoul, the capital of
Korea'." Both of these courses will be
given at the Lyric Hall during the two
weeks beginning January 11. The sale
of course tickets will begin to-morrow
morning at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
Single seats will be on sale on and
after Thursday. January ?•
Henry W. Savage's English Grand
Opera Company received a stirring
welcome last Monday evening at the
West End Theater, New York, where
a five weeks' season began with the
first English performance of Verdi's
masterpiece, "Otello." in New York.
During the season two operas will be
given every w'eek. each with a com
plete equipment of scenery and cos
tumes. There are thr-ee separate sets
of principals in thi3 organization, to-,
gether with an enormous chorus of
fresh American voices and a large
orchestra that is engaged for the en
tire season. In this way e^ery rendi
tion, no matter where given, is com
plete in all its details.
The United States Circuit Court's
decision that Frank Moulan cannot
act for any other manager than Henry
W. Savage for the next year and a
half has caused consternation among
those actors and actresses who have
no respect for their contracts. Moulan
undertook to "jump" Mr. Savage In
the middle, of his engagement and was
permanently enjoined.
Oza Waldron. the clever little in
genue of the Alcazar Company of last
year, joined the Baker Theater Stock
Company in Oregon last week.
The manager, George L. Baker, Is
very confident of the abijjtiea of his
company, purposing, after its preeont
season, to send the company on a tour
to Los Angeles and this city.
GOSSIP ABOUT PLAYS
ASD THE PLAYERS
WITH US OR ABROAD
In explaining his production of the
play in German, Mr. Conried stated
that had secured it from the trans
lator who turned the play from
French into German. "I do not know
whether he had the rights to sell." Mr.
Conried said to a reporter of the New
York Sun. "but I am confident that my
action Is warranted." Notwithstanding
Mr. Conried's statement, the German
production is made without the sanc
tion or authority of Mr. Maeterlinck,
who Is the author and sole owner of
"Monna Vanna." Through no fault of
Mr. Maeterlinck, the American copy
right of "Monna Vanna" Is invalid. Mr.
Fiske, knowing this fact, instead of
seizing the play, desired not only to
have the authorization to produce
"Monna Vanna" from Its author on
principle, but to secure Mr. Maeter
linck's full sanction to the further end
that the drama might be represented
in this country by Mrs. Fiske in full
accordance with the author's ideas.
Thus Mr. Fiske entered into negotia
tions and completed contracts for
"Monna Vanna," the sole moral rights
to which he holds from Mr. Maeterlinck,
to whom he has agreed to pay liberal
royalties. It is believed in this case,
as It happened In the cases of "Cyrano
de Bergerac" and other noted plays, the
copyright of which was lacking or de
fective, that the public will protect the
rights of the author as they are repre
sented by the manager who has re
spected those rights, pays for them and
purposes to interpret the author's work
faithfully.
The English translation of "Monna
Vanna" is now being made for Mr.
Fiske, and it will be a faithful render-
Ing of the work. Orders for the cos
tume designs have been placed abroad,
while the scenes for the production by
Mr. Fiske will be painted in conform
ity with sketches approved by Mr.
Maeterlinck.
"Paris. Dec. 16, 1903. — Harrison
Grey Fiske has the sole and exclusive
rights for representations of "Monna
Vanna' in the United States.
"MAURICE MAETERLINCK."
A short time ago a production of the
play in German was announced by^
Helnrich Conried at the Invng Place
Theater, in New York, and Miss Alice
Kauser. agent for Mr. Maeterlinck in
thi3 country, communicated with him
respecting the matter to inquire
whether there was any sanction, war
rant or authority for his production.
The following cablegram was received
by her in answer:
role should be played by Mrs. Fiske.
feeling that in her hands the play
would be presented according to his
Ideas, and that It would be properly
produced.
Harrison Grey Flske has secured
the American rights to Maurice
Maeterlinck's widely discussed drama.
"Monna Vanna," from Its author. Mr.
Fiske entered into negotiations with
Mr. Maeterlinck several months ago,
and an understanding between the
parties was reached in October. Under
the contract, which bears date of No
vember 1, 1903. Mr. Maeterlinck
grants to Mr. Fiske in perpetuity "the
sole and exclusive right and authori
zation to produce 'Monna' Vannaj or
to have that play produced in all lan
guages, except the French language,
on the stage within the United States
of America and the Dominion of
Canada."
Mr. Maeterlinck had received many
offers for the American rights of
Monna Vanna" from others in this
country, but he was desirous that the
Miss Cornelia May Little, well
known locally as a contralto singer,
has'been r'scenjOy appearing with con
siderable succes3 in Sydney, Australia.
Miss Little gave a song recital at Cen
tenary Hall under distinguished pat
ronage and was heartily greeted by a
large audien?e. Miss Little is the
daughter of Archie Little, chief engi
neer or the steamer Sonoma, and well
known in shipping circles.
Good hearing it is that the Patti
concerts are now arranged to take
place at the Grand Opera-house in
stead of the Pavilion, in the connec
tion an absurd choice. Madame Patti
will give two concerts, and you may
.pay as the gods and taste dictate any
thing from J2 to $6 for. a. seat thereat.
That It will be paid goes without say
ing, if only for the privilege of acquir
ing the distinction of "having heard
Patti." Musically, it is hardly likely
that the privilege will be worth the
price, save for the value of observing
the finest voice of the last century in
Its ripe old age. All the critics so far
concur in ascribing a still extraordin
ary beauty to the voice, phenomenal.
Indeed, considering the sixty years of
• its possessor. Patti's repertoire, on
the other hand, has been variously
assailed. Her.two songs, in the fol
lowing programme, that will be given
on Thursday evening next at her first
concert are, however, unexceptionable.
It is to be strongly desired that the
diva's encores, with which she is said
to be not ungenerous, will be in equal
ly satisfying key.
The singer has a large corps of
assistants, six in all. As director she
has Sigmor Romualdo Saplo, who has
formerly managed Patti tours. Miss
Vera Margolies, a London pianist, will
preside at the piano; Miss Roza Za
mels Is a fa rorite pupil of Ysaye and a
violinist of distinction according to re
port; Anton Hegner, the 'cellist, is the
most famous member of the support
ing company. There are two vocalists
also — Wilfred Vrigo, a tenor, and
Claude A. Cunningham, a barytone —
both well-known London singers.
Following is the programme, con
taining nothing, it will be observed, of
unusual interest, only the WIdor trio
being new. Seats are on sale to-mor
row morning:
PART I.
Serenade for violin, 'cello and piano
C. M. Widor
Miss Roza Zamels. \ Anton Hegner and
Miss Vera Margolles.
-,*ir — "Lend Me Your Aid" C "Queen of Sh«»ba">
, Gounod
Wilfred Vrlgo.
Violin *olo — Airs Husses Wieniawskl
Miss Ttoza Zamrls.
?lano solo — Rhapsodie Honjjrolse No. 12.. Liszt
Miss Vera Margolies.
Air — "Vol chte sapete" i"Le Xozze <3I
FI3a.r0") ... Mozart
Mme. AdeUna Patti.
PART II.
'Cello solos—
(a) Lento du Concerto Lalo
(b) Gavotte Hegner
<c) Danes ot the Fairies Popper
Anton Hrgner.
Prologue. Leoncavallo
Claude A. Cunningham.
Vloiln eolo — Preislled aus "Die Melster
slnger" Wagner- WllhelmJ
Miss Roza Zamels.
Air des Bijoux ("Faust") Gounod
Mme. Adellna Patti.
Duet for tenor and barytone (Alessandro
Stradellt.) Flotow
Messrs. Vrigo and Cunningham.
• • •
After Patti, tl:i most important
musical event will be the appearance
of Mme. Lillian Blauvelt. who has
been winning high honors on her re
cent tour in England. Mme. Blauvelt
has a lyric soprano voice, \vh03e purity
and flexibility have aroused the moat
favorable comment. The voice is said
to be used with consummate skill.
The singer appeared in New York
with the Oratorio Society in "The
Messiah" this week and on the 15th
of this month will make her fifth con
secutive annual ar. -arance with the ;
Pittsburg Symphony Orchestra in
Pittsburg. She will appear here some
time during the coming month, under
the management to which local con-
cert-goers owe so many good things —
* Will Greenbaum.
time. I had a part in 'Miss Hobbes'
that I also enjoyed, and the maiden
sister in 'Lady Huntworth's Experi
ment"- was. very grateful. Then I en-
Joyed very much my part in 'Cousin
Kate.' I should have been playing
that still but I had to leave for my
engagement in 'Major Andre.' Oh yes,
I assure you we old ladies are just as
ambitious as the younger ones."
"And what of that other famous old
lady, Mrs. Gilbert?"
Mrs. Whiffen, younger yet by a ripe,
marriageable age than Mrs. Gilbert,
became prettily reverential as she
said: "Isn't she wonderful? Eighty
four this year. You know she is to
make her farewell tour this season.
She will surely come here, I imagine."
"I hope so," I said, with a sudden
vision of the fragile and queenly old
lady, whom I first met on her last
visit here, adventuring all 'alone one
. "Oh. I've "had bo many," she
lattgTied. "I had one in 'The Benefit
of ihe. Doubt* that I hl*d quite well.
The lady }s -sweet, too — but not all the
•"Tha-t's just it. It is the character's
'truth that makes it so appalling.' That
awful : funeral scene, too. I wanted to
leave • the theater after it. And I
Should have done so, only that I was
p. gruest on the occasion — it was a pro
fessional matinee. Doubtless it was
because we had recently had sorrow
In our own family that I was bo af
fected! Still there must have been
imjny: ethers so circumstanced in the
audience. But' I was glad to have
«een the. rest of the play."
• "And bo you don't like all old ladies
to play," I remarked.
Yt ' don't; and" — Mrs. Whiffen
pefked her .sober Iittle\. head and
smiled— she reminds quaintly cf Jenny
W-ron,; anyway! Baying "th managers
rather seem to forget that wo old ladles
have our ambitions. One gets tired of
playing just the sweet old Cames all
the time." : .\ ¦(%]¦¦
"What parts do you like?"
MnL Whiffen assented to my com
parative estimates and said then, with
a little shudder of protest: "But I
shouldn't like to have played the
mothex in The Climbers.' Horrid
. "Horridly true." I dub Mr. Fitch's
clever" worldling.
' I remarked then upon the difference,
to- be deplored, between the Fitch of
"The Climbers" and the Fitch of "The
Girl With the Green Eyes."
"You needed no quarter last night,"
I Raid, and I bowed my best. "You
-were amply sufficient to the need of
Mr. FUch and his green-eyed girl," in
cpite of the cold."
fihe : acquiesced: "There is not much
Ur do, is there?"
"But you don't wish them to; you
don't want to be sympathized with,"
the artist instantly Raid. "Your prJ
t-ate affairs are not their concern. Ore
thould do more excuse bud art because
l>f personal troubles than bad soup.
Vou can only rightfully be Judged by
Ihe result of your efforts, not by the
rircumstances under which they are
tnade." And the eame stern righteous
ness pervades the whole of this quiet
lady's- ;gocpe1 of art.
"Tout comprrndre e'est tout par
donner.," I quote. "I've often thought
that if this side of the footlights knew
•11 of your side there wouldn't be any
triticism."
' -I wakened up from my cogitations
to find her saying, with a small, pa
tient sniff: "You know it is very dif
ficult to get rid of a cold while travel
ing. One arrives at the hotels fre
<jue.ntly in the dead of night, generally
ih a cold room, after riding in
draughty cars all day. Tou are afraid
cf the tired feeling getting over the
footlights, too."
, .1 hastened to assure 'her that every
¦one hsd colds just now, and we got
<julte chummy — heavens, what have I
paid? — of course, I mean confidential.
Mr. Printer — on the subject cf reme
dies. Then I wondered just why we
all agree to call this charming gentle
woman "dear old Mrs. Whiffen." Her
hair, under its dainty, motherly bon
net, has only a few gray threads
among its plentiful brown, her face is
etill only gently lined, her trim little
figure what one would call "spry" if
It were not Mrs. Whiff en's. Yet the
name fits. Possibly it is because the
actress has so long been enjoying and
•playing. old women's parts, beginning
wi.th the nurse in "Romeo and Juliet"
before she was 20. Perhaps again it
jnay be by. reason of the irresistible
•motherliness that beams from her
kind face. Again it may be because,
alas! she is really no longer young,
]hpr even of middle age — though
stfrere's a matter of only a year or so
between her and Bernhardt. And
fancy calling the divine Sarah "dear
/Old Mrs. Bernhardt!" Yet, as she sat
there in her quiet, black gown, quietly
cmart from her frankly elderly bonnet
to her trimly shod toes. Mrs. Whiffen
'might have stepped out of any one of
• the comedies she has graced with her
sweet old ladies, to bow becomingly to
"the affectionate "dear old Mrs. Whif
fen." •
We met in the foyer of ihe Colum
bia, Mrs. Whiffen graciously recalling
me — I had met her" with Mary Man
nering last year. She as graciously
acknowledged the introduction of the
artist. We made our way then to the
email, mysterious cavern whence issue
the "ap'ra glasses, two-bits a pair."
and where, if they be friendly, three
'may sit 'round a, tiny green-baize
covered table. Mrs. Whiffen submitted
with gentle cheerfulness to being
placed where the light fell most
Fhrewdly upon her kind face, and we
began on the weather. Not our
breather. Mrs. Whiffen had brought
•with her an unmistakable cold, with
Insinuations ' against other weather
than ours as the exciting cause.
•"This is the third, my dear, since
>-e left New York, five weeks ago.
And I haven't had a cold for years
•before that stayed. I'm afraid," and
the sweet, old face shadowed a little
lipre, "I'm afraid I really must be get
ting old."
. What profession offers a longer
period of well-rewarded usefulness to
TComen than the stage? So it came to
me to wonder last Monday evening.
'when "dear old Mrs. Whiffen" made
h'er pretty bow to the audience that
flapped warm palms to her ¦welcome,
. in Mr. Fitch's latest effort, "The Girl
¦With the Green Eyes." And I won
dered what Mrs. Whiffen would have
to say about it and, being by way of
being able to gratify my wonderings, I
went to see her.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY ,3, 190*.
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
19Miss Gertrude Dutton bade htr friends
to an "egg-nog" reception, and a merry
The Christmas decorations ot green
and red— symbolic of the season — Were
particularly, effective, bank»d against
the* deep red tones of the furnishings.
Miss Gunn was assisted in entertain
ing her guests by Miss Jessie Fillmore.
Miss Gertrude Campbell, Miss Georgie
Spieker, the Misses Taylor. Miss Anita
Meyer, Miss Edith Cutter. Mis? Paula
Wolff,- Miss Mallta Pease. Miss Edna
Middleton, Miss Amy Porter and Miss
Elizabeth Gibson.
PROMINENT SOCIETY WO
MEN WHO HAVE QIVEX
ENTERTAINMENTS. .
• Miss Amy Gunn's tea in honor of Miss
Elsie Dorr was ajvery smart affair;
The Gunn home is especially well
adapted to the purposes of entertaining,
the living room overlooking the bay
being ideal for such functions.
New Year's day was one of jubilation.
There were teas and receptions galore,
among which were those of Mrs. H.
E. Huntington, In honor of her de
butante daughter, Miss Marian; Miss
Amy Gunri's affair, at which Miss Elsie
Dorr was the- honored guest: Mrs.
George Martin's eggnog party, and
Mrs. , Gertrude Dutton's tea.
The function at. the Huntington home
was the most formal of the day, over
700 invitations having been issued, and
it : would seem, . judging from ' the
streams of callers, that at least 1000 re
sponded.
The drawing-rooms, halls and stair
ways were' graced with fragrant firs,
while between the apartments huge
bells wrought in Christmas berries were
suspended by bands of ruby ribbon.
Assisting Mr. and Mrs. Huntington
and their daughter in receiving were
the elder daughter, Miss Elizabeth
Huntington; Miss Helen Bailey, Miss
Ardella Mills, Miss Elizabeth Mills.
Miss Jessie Wright,. Miss Helen Muri
son. Miss Beth Allan, Miss Ruth Allan.
Miss Margery Gibbons. Miss Florence
Gibbons, Miss Margaret Wilson, Miss
HazerKlhg, Mrs. Morton Gibbons, Mrs.
Jack Spreckels, Miss Katherine Herrin,
Miss Elsie Tallant arid Miss Elsie Dorr.
The bud who was presented to the
smart set is ! a charming girl of pleas
ant. personality, and faithfully fulfilled
traditions by : wearing' a simple . white
frock.. Her gown was relieved, how
ever, .by garlands of ; embroidered for
get-Tne-nots, in which she certainly was
very charming.
That Miss Marian will become as
popular as her captivating sister, Miss
Elizabeth, seems assured.
many of our professional toe-tippers
cards and spades. ..
Mrs. Jack Spreckels as stagestruck
maiden was a joy forever. She's a chic
little girl, and full of ginger. Mr. Jones
of Fischer's thinks so, I'll wager, for
he had a merry time of it inducing her
to conform to "stage business." But
the brilliant. success of the playlet is
indicative of an unconditional surrend
er of all hands to his judgment. -
The engagement of Miss Mabel .Cluff
and "Jack" Wilson was an; affair, of
import to clubdom and society." Who
would have thought that the coy. little
maid would have concealed • a*j J secret
she surely knew wben her- sister.V Miss
Maud, became Mrs. Downey,? ,J -Ah!
Who can fathom the depths of maid-;
ens* hearts? #
A rattling' good time have, the Uovers
had since their little affair -has been
given to the world. Many : a 'copious
Girls, beware! There tarries among
you a lad most fascinating. His eyes
portend mischief to the heart; that is
readily seized with emotion.. .JWhp?
Ask Charlie de Young. He has known
him well in the classic shades of Harv
ard. Can he dance? j Can fhe ; sing?
Girls, he can! And what is more, he
plays a rattling good games of foot
ball. What an addition he would be
to our younger male set! - .
Teas and luncheons were 1 as I the
sands of the sea during the 'week.
Mrs. Charles K. Harley was hostess
at one of the largest luncheons of the
season at her home „ on,' • Pa
cific avenue. The affair was in' honor
of Miss Florence Gibbons, one of -the
daintiest of the winter's buds. Red
was the color chosen -for •. the; tables
and carnations and roses of this vivid
hue, combined with the ruby -light
from the candelabra, made a most at
tractive scenp. . ", : .' '' .
The guests who enjoyed Mrs. Har
ley's delightful hospitality were Miss
Florence Gibbons, Miss Ethel Cooper,
Miss Helen Bailey, Miss Belle Harmes,
Miss Mabel Hogg, Mrs. Ferdinand
Stephenson, Mrs. Alexander: -Keyes,
Miss Persis Coleman, Miss Elsie Dorr,
Miss Alice Schussler, Miss Maye:Col
burn, Miss Katherine Powers, Mrs.
William Watt. Miss Gertrude Dutton.
Miss Violet Buckley. ' Mrs. Dahforth
Boardman, Mrs. John Merrill, Miss
Helen Pettigrew, Miss Ethel Lau
meister, Miss Bessie ' Wilson, Miss
Florence Bailey, Mrs. Andrew Welch,
Miss Alice Deming, Miss Foster, Miss
Susie McNab. Mrs. Livingston . Jenks,
Mrs. Harry Macfarlane, Mrs^Henry
Dutton, Miss Sussman, Mrs. Harry
Bates, Mrs. Morton Gibbons, Miss
Ethel Parker, Miss Mabelle Toy. Mrs.
Letter Wells, Mrs. Thomas . Darragh,
Miss Anna Foster, Miss Ida -Gibbons,
Miss Grace Buckley, Mrs. Linda Bry
an, Mrs. Heber Tilden, Mrs. Walter
Willet, Mrs. Clark, Miss Paula Wolff,
Miss Fortman, Miss Eckhardt; Miss
Margery Gibbons and Mrs. Frank
Findley. ..
• • •
us, then, temper our anger.with"Jus
tice. ,
\ : r ¦ '•-¦¦¦ ¦¦ -
Borel.-Miss Sophie' Borel, Miss Lottie
Woods,; Miss Florence Gibbons, .Mrs.
Horace -; Davis, 1 Mrs., Frank P. Wilson,
Miss Mayllta Pease. Miss Katherine
Dillon, Mrfe. Josephine de Greayer,
Mrs. Alexander D. Keyes, Mrs. Adam
Grant, Miss i Amy : Porter,. Mrs. Hilda
MacDonald -Baxter, . Miss Gertrude
Dutton, Miss Maye Colburn, ' Mrs.
Philip King Browri, Mrs. > S. g Parker
Currier, . Mrs.- Warden- Clark, Mrs.
Grayson Dutton, Mrs. George Moore,
Miss "Charlo.tte Lally.Mrs. ' Seward-W.
¦McNear, v - Miss Alys Sullivan."' Mrs.
Leonard ? v Chenery, v Baroness Nugent,
Miss* Mabel Toy and Miss Persis Cole
man. :'.' ' . ' ,
• ' . « . • •
' Mrs. de -Young's vaudeville has come
and" gone. Unhappy mortals, ye who
know, a' gqod- thing 'when /you see it
and missed the show! ¦ That was un
questionably, the cleverest stunt done
by society — or by professionals^ for that
matter— for many' moons. .' Fie on the
business scent of Weber & Field, who
have not, up to date, lured the eminent
city editor .from his desk to -build for
them; some fun makers. They are as
necessary, to /our present civilization as
foot warmers," and that is why I marvel
much 'that the wires have not tempted
him, or rather them. Will Irwlnwas
a close collaborator, 1 and there Is plenty
of for both. ¦« :¦¦¦¦
So, too. ' does'; Miss Duffy deserve her
share of .encomiums.;' And so, too, does
Dr.' Stewart' for the patient and visible
care he has given" the chorus.
Why such star "attractions should be
hidden from the' vulgar gaze is a prob
lem. ''The Colorado Belle"- Is a stunner
and would ' make r good— with a "little
padding and trimming— in # any, play
house; , i . '. * • ,
' Mrs. Mark Gerstle has an illimitable
amount of chic ; and temperament (this
is 'rather ' a " risky term in its modern
acceptance, but it'is meant to be purely
complimentary), * and could put' to the
blush many of the heralded ; coryphees
and warblers ' whom ¦ we pay / : our
dollars 'to see and admire— or swear at.
MrH. Mark Gerstle is an unqualified
success as an exponent of "vaudeville."
' 'And .as; for MIbs Pearl Landers, well,
she^had her part. done to a turn. Here
is. another instance of temperament".
Those Oriental eyes would have play
ed havoc with a less resistant lad than
her "opposite."
, -Miss Ethyl Hager, with Mrs. Jack
Spreckels > made, quite- the hits : (but
there 'were; so' . many) . of the evening.
Miss , Hager . as . a devotee • of the danc
ing Daphne. was a vision never to fori
get. The truth to tell, she could give
The: luncheon .that . Mrs. Gerrit
Livingston Lansing gave at the Uni
versity ( Club was I an affair long to be
remembered. _ Green was the* color
chosen for • the j decorations, j and < won
derfully effective they were. .Graceful
ferns rose from out of a bed of: moss
in' the center of the tableland Hong
trailing vines, ending at the corners of
the table in soft bows of palest green
tulle, made,? a- most unusual and- at
tractive iluncheon ¦ decoration. . Those
who: 'enjoyed r Mrs. Lansing's hospitality
were Mrs. George Pope, .. Mrs. J. c J.
Moore, ; Miss Gertrude Van Wyck, Mrs^
Burns ' MacDohald, Mrs. * Harry V Mac
farlane,\ Mrs. Henry F. '' Dutton, Miss
Mrs.. William J. Dutton and Miss Ger
trude Dutton received , on New,, Year's
day from 4 to 6, and in receiving were
assisted by Mrs. Malcolm Henry, Mrs.
Henry Foster Dutton, Mrs. Harry. Mac
farlane, Miss Jennie Blair, JVIiss Kath
arine May Dillon. Miss Edna Middleton,
MTss Mayllta Pease. ' Mis« 'Florence
Bailey and Miss Bessie, Wilson. ; .
•MIes EIsa'Ehrman . and Louts, W.
Neustadter will be married at the Pal
ace Hotel to-nlshti at 6 o'clock. :The
affair will be exceedingly quiet, only
the families and immediate relatives
being present. The bride, who ," Is a
petite blonde, will wear the conven
tional bridal costume, ivory; silk, 'veil
and orange blossoms. She will be; at
tended by Miss: May Greenbaum and
Miss Helen NeuBtadter. Newton Neus
tadter, cousin of the erroom, will be best
man, and Dr. Voorsanger will' officiate.'
After the wedding, journey the young
people will go to housekeeping on' Jack r
eon street In an ideal' home. . 1 ... ' ..'¦
The bride is a daughter of Mr. \ and
Mrs. . Solomon Ehrman and the groom
is the son of Mr. and Mrs. David Neus
tadter of this city. . , , ..
Mrs. George C. Boardman was host
ess : at one ' of •; the : most brilliant -teas
of the winter. Wednesday in- honor. of
her daughter-in-law- to-be, Miss Bernle
Drown. The Boardman home on Frank
lin street was beautifully decorated for
the occasion, poinsettias, holly , arid
Christmas berries ."adding their -.touch
of brilliant color, to a gay scene. Dur
irig< the, hours of -the tea, from 3 to 6,
several hundred guests called and were
graciously welcomed by M rs. Board
man and the charming guest of honor,
Miss -Drown. • ' • ¦
draught, has been drunk to the eternal
happiness of the cooing coupled Wher
ever they have gone, the wellwisher
has given voice to his sentiments.
"Bless you, my children." ' ; .',*¦ .
Dr. and Mrs. J. Wilson Shlels gave
a charming dinner Sunday evening. De
cember 20, when they entertained Mr.
and Mrs. Georse B. Sperry. Dr. and
Mrs. George F. Shiels. Mr. and Mrs.
Ernest S. Simpson. Miss Elsie Sperry
and John McNaught.
Mrs. Ferdinand W. Stephenson will
entertain at «i large tea in honor off
Miss Newell Drown on January %
That's a stunnlns gown Misa Mabel
Cluff wore at the Columbia on Mon
day night. It's a pale blue crepe cloth
trimmed with inserts of heavy lace of
the same shade. Worn with a lambs
wool stole, ermine faced, and a chic
black picture hat. she was a Stanlaws
maid for true.
One of the prettiest home weddings
of the week was celebrated at the resi
dence of Dr. A. D. Prentice, when he
was united to Miss Florence Long, who
had journeyed from her Eastern home
to become his bride. The affair was
the sudden culmination of a very pretty
romance, brought to Issue by the per
emptory orders that the groom return
to Manila, where he is surgeon for a
large corporation. The bride Is a petite
demi-blonde, and exceptionally clever,
and much regret was expressed that
her visit here should b« *o flitting.
Many entertainments await the young
people when they reach the other side
of the water, where the young physi
cian is immensely popular socially and
professionally.
What a busy little fellow Cupid has
been during the week! There Is Miss
Mabel Cluff and Jack "Wilson, who've
decided that life would be a dreary
waste without one another— and no one
blames the genial Jack. Then there's
Miss Ethel Kent and Lieutenant Gil
bert Allen. U. S. A., and still another
martial love in the case ' Miss Kath
erine Selfridge and Lieutenant Fred
Kellond, U. S. A.
Whew! Such a volley of congratula
tions!
That was a very smart affair of Mrs.
John Charles Adams at the Bohemian
Club on Wednesday In honor of Mrs.
Malcolm Henry. Nothing stupid stalled
the fun there, you may be sure.
The guests were Mrs. Malcolm Henry.
Mrs. William Ashburner. Miss Emma
McMillan, Mrs. John C. Toung, Mrs. J.
M. Martel, Mrs. Hubert, Howe Ban
croft, Mrs. Paul Bancroft, Mrs. Frank
Poore. Mrs. Irwin Ayres. Miss Adams,
Mrs. George Meredith. Mrs. J. M. Mer
rill, Mrs. Charles Cotton, Miss Kather-
Ine Dillon, Mrs. Runyon, Miss Marie
Wells, Mrs. Selden S. Wright, Mrs. Irv
ing Moulton, Mrs. Ritchie Dunn. Mrs.
Edgar Painter, Miss Ruth Anderson,
Mrs. L. A. Stephenson, Mrs. Ames, Mrs.
Maxwell, Mrs. Cook, Mrs. Scupham,
Mrs. Hood, Mrs. E. J. Cotton, Mrs.
Worthington -Burnett, Miss Juanita
Wells, Mrs. Thomas Morffew, Miss Ger
aldine Scupham, Mrs. J. M. Gregory,
Mr3. William Hyde. Mrs. Bergstein.
Miss Lucy Bancroft, Mrs. J. R. Scup
ham, Miss Bothin. Miss Man. Mrs.
Stanley Revett. Miss Shirley Hayes,
Mrs. Gaston Ashe, Miss Etelka Wllllar.
Mrs. Frederick A. Stolp, Miss Gertrude
Burnett, Miss Sesnon, Miss Marie Bull,
Miss Hittell, Mrs. Sbarboro, Miss Laura
Van Wyck, Miss Wilhelmina Hawley.
Mrs. Henry Payot, Mrs. J. Howard
Smith, Miss Nannie Van Wyck, Mrs. J.
Loren Pease, M Radcliffe. Mrs. James
McMillan, Mrs. Clarence W. Mann, Mrs.
Francis R. Musser, Mrs. William Wil
lis. Miss Helen Partridge, Miss Eva
Powell, Mrs. Byron Dick, Mrs. James
Pierce, Miss Blanche Powell, Mrs.
Linda H. Bryan, Mrs. A. H. Voorhles.
Miss Robina Henry, Mrs. "Walter Hen
ry. Mrs. Joseph Masten.
Hermann Oelrichs was Lost at a dln
nei>-and a right genial host he is— to
a coterie of bachelor friends on New
Tear's night. And "where good fellows
get together," with wine, wit and son*.
earth hath no cares nor sorrows.
Mrs. Edward G. Schmiedell received
Informally in honor of her sister-in-law,
Mrs. George Howard, who has but re
cently been touring the continent.
selyn, Mr. and Mrs. Henry McDonald
Spencer, Mlss)Bernie Drown, Samuel
Boardman, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Griffin,
Miss Laura Hamilton and Miss Edna
Hamilton.
That was a fine affair of the Fort
nightly folk. And such stunning
girls! But why not? Are we "not a
composite Italy, France and England,
with their grace, chic and agility?
Small wonder, that those continental
fellows sail to the West. Junos and
female Midases, who wouldn't? Let
What a week of teas, receptions and
functions of all sorts! Jollity is the
"note of the hour and fun is king.. Long
may he reign. Stupidity has all too
long been monarch. But by that is not
meant that we must resort to the
simian performances of our Gotham
prototypes in order to maintain Jollity.
Let us have sincerity. There and there
only is the true Jollity— the real Jubila
tion. Let us try to cultivate it, for
in it lies good fellowship. l
Who, alas, was the traitor to the hu
man heart who tried to make one like
unto another? Why wo.uld'he not as
logically try to cultivate the came hair
and features as individualized his fel
low?
Then, how about our "knocking"?
Of course, it is true that a woman of
temperament — and one is a confirmed
criminal without one nowadays — can
rot like, love, or even endure every
¦woman whom she chances to meet.
But can she not at least show courtesy
to the innocently offending female?
'Cod never meant, in my humble in
terpretation, that we should "love one
another" as we interpret love, wild and
unreasoning. But we can at least de
eist from canvassing her delinquencies.
Kow; let's try.
The next sin of society is the sin of
ostentation. Now, the true basis of
society is character. Character is. It
Is true, a tremendously broad term, but
•we use it now in the sense of mental,
moral and social development. There
"fore, let us solemnly promise— so help
hie, Mammon — that I will no longer
¦worship at the shrine of gold with its
'alluring glitter. That is. I will 'admit,
a rather rash promise, but remember
our brain cells develop along such lines
as we think, and who knows but
before our "passing," we may begin to
think aright. That rightly interpreted
really is. "doing our duty as we un
derstand* it," but alas! for our frailty,
.for we would fain forget our duty when
"opportunity" lures us aloft.
Then, as a culmination of all our
duties, there comes our attitude to
those we love. Love is in this sense
used in its finest, broadest application,
including the dearest ones »ve know —
our husbands, mothers, brothers, sis
ters and our blessed babies. Have we,
as wives, sisters and mothers, fulfilled
the duties and enjoyed the privileges —
(there, there is the "joy of living") — of
our existences? If not let us try.
There, in the secret recesses of our
hearts— and incidentally of our heads
lies the key to our resolution box. If
we ask aright we shall do aright. But
howaboutthe board bill of the lawyer?
Can he live with three per day under
our Utopian. conditions? Well, let us
try. It will at least lessen the per
plexity of the judges who have to dis
eect the alimony question and the vex
ations of the interlocutory decree.
More strength to good resolutions!
•Long may they stand! And falling,
•may they have courage to rise again.
• ** 'Tis better to resolve than never
to. have resolved at all." Tour pardon,
saintly poet, to have thus paraphased
thee. but 'tis true. We grow only
through retrospection, and retrospec
tion Is the proper caper at this par
ticular juncture. It Is the proper
caper socially, ethically, financially
and domestically. Aha! How many
tragedies of the coming year may be
averted by the proper resolutions — if
they be kept. But the point is, kept or
not kept, 'tis better that they be made,
for in the making, the tissues of the
brain grow — then, la— proportion, our
acts improve. There, indeed, lies the
hope of the world. So let's make
resolutions. And since the honored
Gisdpie, St. Paul, tells that "the just
man falls seven times a day," let
those of us who trip up begin again
•with renewed vigor. That is what we
might call "moral culture," as opposed
to physical culture.
There are various phases of moral
culture that all of us who constitute
.'"society" in its broad sense might look
into. First and primarily, is our con
duct at the hearthstone. Do we — and
1 am talking to ihe women especially
— realize the strain and struggle that
brings to our itching palms the
shekels we crave for this gew-gaw or
that? Do we know ¦what shutting off
of the conscience-valves our inordi
nate craving causes? Let us find It
out while yet the year is young. Are
there many among us who would wit
tingly let our men-folk damn their
souls — and incidentally damn their
minds — to satisfy our silly whims?
My women friends, let us think — and
when you think, go "into the silence,"
as the faddists tell us; but, none the
less, it is helpful, even If It be "fad
distic."
Mrs. George Martin was a gracious
hostess at an egg-nog function that
was rather a pleasant novelty. Her
guests included Mr. and Mrs. Latham
McMullln. Mr. and Mrs. Wlllard Drown.
Mr. and Mrs. "Worthington Ames, Mr.
and Mrs. James F0IH3, Miss Mary J°s-
flock of friends called during: the after
noon. The following ladles assisted the
charming: hostess: Miss Katherine Dil
lon. Miss Cosgrove, Miss Jennie Blair.
Miss Mallta Pease, Miss Edna Middle
ton. Mrs. Henry Foster Dutton, Mrs.
Hilda Baxter. Mrs. Macfarlane. Miss
Bessie Wilson, Miss Florence Bailey
and Miss Maye Colburn.
THE • SAN, FRANCISCO- CALL,".; -SUNDAY, JANUARY.' 1 3, 1904.
SOCIETY MAKES PLEDGES TO FUN, LOVE AND DUTY.
20Continued On Pazc 22, Column S.
BERLIN, Jan.. 2.— -Emperor iWil
liam told Admiral von Hollmann atan
audience Thursday, according to a re
port accepted on the -boerse to-day,
that he was confident peace would not
be broken in the Far East.
William Hopeful of Peace.
i^urrka s Population Increases.
•* LLKEKA, Jan. 2. — The census tak
ers placed in the field by the business
nu'n have completed their labors. The
!»opula,tion of Eureka is 11.217. show
ing a grain of 3S90 over the Federal
census of 1900. The result is very
gratijyir.tf to the business men of this
city. .Other valuable information was
obtained :is to the number of new
houses built in 1S01. 1902 and 1903
&nd Uic number of cchool children.
that war Is near, as Japan, before the
opening of hostilities, will certainly
desire to have in the Far East the
two warships she purchased at Genoa
from the Argentine Republic. The
crews of these vessels have arrived
at Genoa.
Japanese Admiral Matsa. who dis
cussed the possibility of the two shlp3
going through the straits of Gibraltar
instead of the Suez canal. In order to
avoid a possible attack from Russian
naval forces, says he believes the two
Chilean warships Llbertad and' Con
stituclon, reported to have been sold
ROME, Jan. 2. — Notwithstanding
th $ pessimistic news from the ' Far
East, " official s circles do not believe
Desires to Have Recently Purchased
Warships Reach Home Waters.
JAPAN MAY DELAY THE BLOW.
MAY YET AVERT A CLASH.
Peace Plan Said to. Have Been Formu
. lated at St. Petersburg. ; ••
PARIS, Jan. . 2.— The .St. Peters
burg, correspondent: of the Paris edi
tion of the New York Herald says that
as a result^of a' consultation -between
the Emperor and his • officials a plan
has been worked out . which ! may yet
avert war. The plan, the correspond
ent says, contemplates a guarantee by
Russia of the Integrity of China, with
the understanding that her protecto
rate over Manchuria be recognized,
and in return Japan will be allowed
to " fulfill her wishes with respect to
Korea.
BOSTOX. Dec. 2. — Dr. J. H. Wright,
director of the pathological laboratory
of the Massachusetts General Hos
pital in this city, has anounced the
discovery that "tropical ulcer," a pe
culiar skin affection common to trop
ical countries, is caused by micro-or
ganisms of the protozoan classifica
tion. This conclusion is the same as
that recently reached by. Dr. Frank
Burr .Mallory of Harvard University
with reference to scarlet fever," and It
is thought that the discoveries of these
physicians will prompt' research' In 'a
practically new field.
Massachusc ; Physician Announces
Discovery of Cause of the Malady
Common In Tropics.
•TROPICAL ULCER" NO
.LOXGEU A MYSTERY
CLEVELAND. Ohio. Jan. 2. — One
of the worst bllzzarda experienced in
years raged to-day throughout* the
greater portion of Ohio.
OMAHA, JanI 3. — Zero weather has
prevailed for nearly twenty-four hours
throughout Nebraska and Western
Iowa, with the mercury still, falling
For to-night much lower temperature
Is predicted. The wave haa been ac
companied by a- stiff north wind, mak
ing outdoor life extremely uncomfort
able.
Mercury Is Still Falling and the Cold
Spell Is Accompanied by
Heavy Wind.
NEBRASKA AND IOWA
HAVE ZERO WEATHER
Successful Litigants Send Out En
• craved Cards, Which Bring
Felicitous Responses.
£p»ei*l O«.b1»irriiTn to The C«ll and New TcrV
IlcraJd. CopyriclU. 19OI. by the New York
lU-ralfi Publishing Company.
PARIF. Jan. 2. — The latest society
f.id in Paris is nothing leas than a di
vorce notification. A friend of mine
received the following notice-engraved
csu d this week:
'Monsieur Paul D — has the honor
to inform you that a divorce was
pronounced in his favor December 12,
Ifi{t2, against Mm<?. Louise D— -."
Sincere felicitations were sent im
mediately in reply.
NOTIFICATION" OF DIVORCE
THE LATEST PARISIAN* FAD
SALT LAKE. Jan. 2.— The State
Board of Pardons to-day commuted to
life Imprisonment the sentence of death
imposed on James Lynch for themuf
der of Colonel Godfrey Prowse in a
raid on a Salt Lake gambling-house.
During the recent prison outbreak here
Lynch was instrumental in saving the
lives of two of the prison guards, and
for his bravery on that occasion his life
was. given him. Lynch was to have
been executed next Friday.
Slayer of Colonel Prowsc In Salt Lake
City Will Not Go to Gallows
on Friday.
SENTENCE OF LYXCH
C03OICTED AS REWARD
. The Saturday : Review adopts a
somewhat ' similar . tone, saying . that
the likelihood of Chinese Intervention
menaces the- commercial interests of
all Kurope and the United States.
Information has been received In a
London diplomatic quarter unfriendly
to. Russia that Bezobragoff. who was
recently raised by the Czar to a Secre-"
taryship of State, is the power .behind
the scenes of the Russo-Japanese ne
gotiations.. Bezobragoff, according to
this source of Information, who is now
the prime .favorite 'of, the Czar, and the
leader" of .the. war -party," is- president
of the* Talu . River Timber. Company,
is largely * Interested in^ commercial
enterprises. in Korea and is the bosom
friend • of '-'-Viceroy .Alexieff. Though
the news -is evidently partial it re
ceives some credit and adds to the
alarmist feeling. l
"If we are, dragged into this war, as
we may be. the country will not be
divided In sympathy, dislike of Russia
being as strong among the masses of
our population "aa it was in 1855."
The paper surmises that Russia may
keep her ships in her harbors, as she
did during the Crimean war. thereby
forcing: land actions or a dangerous
attempt by Japan-to seize Port Arthur
and Vladivostok. .'"v .
Japan' has openly taken.
The weekly ./papers here share in
the general, feelins of alarm current
in Great Britain. The Spectator says
war draws ever nearer and adds:.
RL'SSrAN MILITARY SCENES
AND .EMPEROR NICHOLAS 1
FOREIGN MINISTER.
WASHINGTON,' Jan. 2.— It is learned from an official *
source that Japan, in her last note to the Russian Government, an- j
nounced that the minimum proposition which ' she could accept
from -Russia were rights in Korea equal to those claimed by Rus- '
sia in Manchuria. In return, it is said, Japan agreed to recog
nize the supremacy of Russia in Manchuria. '
To this proposition the Russian Government will not give its
• approval, feeling that Japan should content herself with modifica- ';
tions in the form. of concessions in Korea for her commerce. The I
Russian Government has not abandoned hope of a diplomatic ;
settlement of the question, in view of the powerful pressure which'
Great Britain and France are bringing to bear upon Japan to con
sent to a continuance of the negotiations, but it is emphatically
stated that Russia will never admit the parallel between her posi
, tion in Manchuria and that of Japan in Korea.
Count Cassini, the Russian Embassador, believes the Far
; Eastern situation "gloomy, but not without hope of salvation."
At the Japanese legation to-night it was intimated that if the
Russian reply did not give definite assurance that, in general, the
concessions asked for by Japan in Korea would be granted, the
Tokio Government will be impelled to abandon diplomacy for
force. The Japanese Minister does not believe that, after the :
manner in which he claims his people have acted throughout the
negotiations, they will forfeit any sympathy which they have in
this country by striking first.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 2.— First Lieu
tenant George B. Scharen, Thirtieth
Infantry', was tried at Manila by court
martial, charged with embezzlement
of about $1900 of post exchange bills
and also with neglect of duty. The
court found him not guilty, of the
charge of embezzlement, but guilty of
neglect of duty. He was sentenced
to be reduced twenty-five files in rank
and to be reprimanded: Brigadier
General Randall, commanding the De
partment of 'Luzon, disapproved the
findings.
The President has approved the pro
ceedings, findings and sentence of the
court-martial in the case of Second
Lieutenant Paul B. . McLane, Thir
teenth Cavalry. Lieutenant McLane
was tried at Manila on the charge of
embezzling about $700 of subsistence
funds while serving as a commissary
official. He was convicted and sen
tenced to-be dismissed and to be im
prisoned for a period of one - year
That portion of the sentence providing
for imprisonment probably will be exe
cuted at Bllabld prison, Manila.
Lieutenants Scharen and McLane Are
Court-Martlalcd for. Serious Of
fenses and Are Convicted.
PECULATING ARMY ,
r --V-< OFFICERS PUNISHED
Baron Hayashi eay« he haa received
no news of the intended dispatch of a
Japanese squadron to Masampho. The
last news he heard was that a Russian
cruiser was there. . The Minister
pointed .out that , the dispatch of- -a
squadron. to Masampho would not nec
essarily,be a warlike actipn. t though' It
could scarcely help , being regarded , in
the line of other precautions ¦ which
An imperial decree Just issued grants
Viceroy Alexieff a special^ flag con
sisting of the blue cross of St. Andrew
on a white ground, with a blaCk eagle
in the center. The Viceroy also is ac
corded a salute of twelve guns.
The pre3S is officially informed that
there is absolutely no truth, in there
port from Berlin- that the C?ar yester
day received a dispatch from Viceroy
Alexieff and called his Ministers to a
midnight conference, which' was still
sitting early this morning. .• •¦
WAR PARTY' IX ASCEXDEXCY
LONDON, Jan./ 2.'— The' Japanese
Minister, Baron Hayashi, when shown
the dispatch from St. Petersburg/an
nouncing that it appeared. tolbe true
that Russia had decided riot to accept^
Japan's precise proposals, said he had
not officially heard anything", further
about the negotiations, but he. /ailed to
see how the Japanese demands could
be modified. ."'.•' • . . , .¦- ',•
A dispatch to the Pall Mall Gazette
from Berlin says that, .according to
the highest official information, ahe
Russian reply to Japan hasnot-been
drafted.- It is added that . the / Czar
and Foreign, Minister Lamsdorff de
clared yesterday that | so fair nothing
had occurred necessitating .any . out
break of.Avai*. and. that Russia ¦ would
not' declare, war on r Japan ; as; things
now stood. V ¦ . '.>'.'. . '.- ;
No word has yet been received here
tending to show when the; Russian re
ply to Japan may be expected. . For
eign Secretary. Lansdowne has./in
formed Baron 'Hayashi; the Japanese
Minister," that" he' fears that the;, war
party in Russia is in the ascendency
and that he ;has -faint hopes of Japan
receiving a favorable reply. -
According t to the. quotation received
yesterday-, by; marine 1 underwriters the
London market gives on the Toyo
Kisen Kalsha 2\<* percent. The German
underwriters flatly, refuse to write any
th'ng at all on vessels bound to the Far
ILast. . . ' "• , • . : . ¦ ; . : . " \ : \; : • :
ST. PETERSBURG. Jari: 2!— It ap-|
pears to be-true that -Russia has de
cided not , to accept , Japan's precises
proposals, but the Foreign Office, to
day informed the press that Foreign
Minister Lamsdorff and Japanese Min
ister Kurino 'were still conferring
with the view of arriving at an amic
able settlement. Unofficially the sit
uation is regarded as being most se
rious. . .
PORTLAND. Or.. Jan. 2.— That" war
between Russia and Japan is regarded
aa inevitable by the big marine 'Insur
ance companies is shown by the fact
that they have advanced rates on ves
sels bound to the Orient."" - : - - • ?
The excellent horsemanship of Miss
Tobin won universal praise. Her splen
did mount never faltered once at the
high jumps and she was among the
first at the finish. The only others
who reached , the finish were Carolan
and Maurice Raoul-Duval, together
with Huntsman Jerry Keating and the
two whips.
The accidents*- were caused ¦«* by- the
falling of their mounts in both cases
while attempting high Jumps. The
fences lo-day were from four to five
feet In height. The paddock fences at
the Orossways • farm were utilized for
jumps among' others, and it was at the
first of these that Duval's mishap oc
curred. The horse struck the fence win
his fore feet and fell, throwing the
rider heavily to the ground several feet
away, stunned and bleeding. R. »L To
bin quitted the" chase to care for the
injured man, who was conveyed to the
clubhouse and at last accounts was
resting comfortably.
Lawson's hurt was more serious, he
being a man of powerful frame and
great strength. He had made about
fifteen Jumps when, In vaulting over
the last, of the paddock fences, his
horse struck it in a manner similar to
the other animal. Lawson shot over
the animal's head, but had no sooner
struck the ground 'than he made a
quidk move to rise as though uninjured.
As he did so the struggling horse
struck him on the head with a ¦ hoof
and he fell back unconscious and
bleeding profusely from the wound. He
also was taken to the clubhouse and
cared for. ft was stated this evening
that he had regained consciousness
and no serious results were feared,
though it is not believed he will be
able to play polo to-morrow or for
some time.
The hunt was otherwise full of ex
citement—a helter-skelter chase of ten
miles. In a circuitous course about Bur
lingrame, beginning at the residence of
F. J. Carolan and finishing at D. O.
yills' fence line at the county road.
Those who rode were Francis J. Caro
lan, master of the hounds; Miss Cella
Tobin. Mrs. Walter Martin. R. M. To
bln. C. Raoul-Duval, Cyril Tobin, John
Lawson and Maurice Raoul-Duval. '
SAX MATEO, Jan. 2.— Two serious
accidents occurred during the hunt of
the San Mateo drag hounds this after
noon whereby John Lawson and C.
Raoul-Puval were both carried from
the field in a state of unconsciousness.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Reports axe continually arriving
that the Indians are organizing a svs
lematic warfare directed against the
settlers and .the railroad.
As soon as they had retired from
the scene Lovejoy took his wife and
son down to one of the construction
camps on the railroad, secured the
aid of three men not afraid of In
dians and returned to hold the fort-
The result has not been learned, but
it is expected that he has had another
brush with the redskins.
Mrs. Carrie Savage, wife of a ranch
man not far from the Lovejoy place,
was fired at from a distance while she
was riding along on a pony. She put
spurs to the animal and managed to
get out of range. Her husband and
two of the ranch employes started out
to look for the Indians, but they had
disappeared.
RANCHER SEEKS BATTLE.
an exciting experience. He was
« hased by a small band of Indians
from a field to his home. He was un
armed, but once inside his adobe
house, aided by his wife and 11-year
old boy. he made a spirited defense.
The Indians sought to storm the adobe
stronghold, but they were met with
a volley from the rifles, which finally
drove them off.
The more radical Indians took the
puind that the work of slaughter
should begta at once, according to in
formation from the few friendly In
dians, and they began preparations for
a campaign of killing.
Charles Lovejoy, a ranchman living
mar the Arrow Canyon range, had
DEMAND FOR SLAUGHTER.
there is a considerable force of men
employed on the railroad and where
there is comparative safety.
William Stern arrived here to-day
from the scene of trouble. He says
the entire country is alarmed over the
attitude of the Piutes. A war dance
occurred two days ago in a secluded
spot not far from the Meapa reserva
tion. There was a large attendance of
young braves, who swore everlasting
vengeance on the whites if young Ea
gle Feather, the Indian youth who
killed William Williams, be executed.
CAL1EXTES. Nev.. Jan. 2. — Settlers
and prospectors living north of the
purvey of the new San Pedro, Los An
geles end Halt Lake Raiiroad are be
:nfr driven in by hostile Indians. Small
roving- bends of Psutes a.re wandering"
about the region, threatening prospec
tors and settlers. The murder of two
men reported yesterday has given
warning and a number of ranchers
<:nd settlers are coming down to Las
Veg-as and Kiernan, two places where
:-p<-c:.»l Dispatch to The Call
Read was so taken by surprise by
the attack that it was several minutes
before he thought to reach for his
pistol, -which had fallen from his
pocket as he was thrown to the
ground. While protecting his face
with his arm he managed to get the
barrel of the pistol against one bird
and fired. The other was frightened
away by the report.
The wounded 'eagle set its talons in
the man's right thigh and held on
with a death grip. When he recov
ered from his exhaustion Read found
himself unable to remove the bird, as
the muscles of the eagle's claws had
grown rigid. He dragged himself to
his cabin and was brought to this city,
where the talons -were cut out; The
dead ea^le measured nine feet from
tip to tip.
Read released the spring, but no
sooner had he done eo than the eagle
attacked him. Its mate, which had
been watching: near by, soon" joined in
the fight. With their heavy wings
they beat Read to the ground, all the
while tearing his flesh and clothins
with their talons and beaks.
URIAH, Jan. 2.— Charles Bead, a
prominent ranchman of Redwood Val
ley^is under a doctor's care aa the re
sult of a single-handed fight with two
larjre bald eagles.
For some time Read had been miss
ing- sheep and lambs from his. pasture,
and .concluding a stealthy coyote' wai
making inroads on his flock, he set a
number of traps, baiting with mutton.
Yesterday he discovered a large bald
eagle in one of them. The eagle ap
peared to have worn Itself out by its
struggles and was lying do.wn.
Young Braves Swear Ven
geance and War Dances
Are Held.
Talons of a Wounded Bird
Tear Man's Flesh in
the Combat.
Horses Pall Over Fences
While Attempting High
Jumping.
ProminentRiders Are
Badly Hurt at
SanMateo.
Threatening Piutes
Cause Terror in.
Nevada.
Desperate Battle at a
Trap in Men
docino,
BIG EAGLES
FIGHT WITH
A FARMER
DISASTERS
ATTEND A
DRAG HUNT
REDSKINS
ALARM THE
SETTLERS
PEKING, Jan. 3.-—Information in the possession of the best informed diplomats in Peking con
vinces them that war is inevitable, possibly within a lew
TOKIO, Japan, Jan. 3.--Wmr with Russia s® 'regarded here 'as unavoidable and the press §s urging the imme
diate opening of hostilities. AH of the hanks are withholding funds and it is believed this is the result of official
instructions* The Government has &&ehp$e$esi and p&rfe®t&d arrangements for the transportation of troops
and suewlieSm
JAPAN, REALIZING THE HOPELESSNESS OF NEGOTIATION, PREPARES TO STRIKE;
DIPLOMATS IN PEKING SAY WAR WILL BE PROCLAIMED WITHIN A FEW DAYS
»\ 4 THE .-.TKBATTOS.
'¦A' L_ ) • * ¦¦
Alcazar — "Bin a Jeias." SXatin**
"•'/// ,\
' I Calif oral* — "Happy Xoolisran."
* Central— :"The Dairy;'' Parm."
Matinaa To-Day. /
- Plachnr'a — "I :.O. TJ." Uatlnee
C % To-Day. -
Orasd — "The Scad Waiters."
To-Day.
Orpncnm — VandevlUe. Matiacs
To-Day; - — —
The Onntes— VandrTda.
Tlvoll Opera-Hou«e — "Ixion."
FORTY-FOUR PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, t JANUARY ' 3, 1904 —PAGES 21 TO 32.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 34.
THE WEATHEE.
Tor-cart made at Su Fran
cisco', for thirty hour* endlnr
•a tar Isrht, -. Jaauary ' 3 :
i- and vicinity —
P^r Snaday; Ugrfct north wind,
t!i»njrta? to westerly.
. J# .j— *-~*~~ A. Q. JScADIE.
District Pcrecattcr.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.PORTLAND, Jan. 2. — The indica
tions are that the attendance of
stockmen from all over the country to
attend the annual convention of the
National Livestock Association and
the National "Wool Growers* Associa
tion January 12 to 15 will be very
much larger than at first expected.
The Chicago delegation will travel in
a special train and the Utah delega
tion will fill three special cars. The
local committees have made all neces
sary preparations for the sessions of
the associations.
Attendance at the Session Which Will
Be Held in Portland Promises
to Exceed Expectations.
STOCKMEN'S CONVENTION
TO BE A NOTABIiE AFFAIR
staff, U. S. A., to be chief of engineers,
with the rank of brigadier general.
These nominations probably will be
sent to Congress on Monday.
BAKER CITY, Or., Jan. 2.— Nicholas
Elchmer, a schoolboy, 7 years of age, is
dead as the result of a fracas at a pub
lic school. He was set upon and kicked
by a number of his playmates.
The lad quarreled with some other
boys of his own age about his nationali
ty and when he refused to fight they
beat and kicked him so severely that
he was scarcely able to walk home. On
arrival there he was seized with pains
In his abdomen and was . put to bed.
Next day he was operated on for ap
pendicitis and later again for peritonN
tis.
An inquest and Investigation of his
death will be held.
BOYS' BATTLE
CAUSES DEATH
James F. Sturtevant, a collector in
the employ of the Pacific States Tele
graph and Telephone Company, was re
ported missing by his friends last night.
Sturtevant has not been heard from
since yesterday morning. He started
out on- a .collecting trip for the tele
phone company and last night failed
.to put in an appearance. His folks,
who reside at 1255 California street, are
very anxious as to his whereabouts.
Telephone Collector Missing.
The girl left home two weeks ago
and since then had first secured a job
as driver of a dirt wagon for a grading
contractor, and although she was in
company with scores of men none of
them suspected her sex. That work
was too hard for her and she secured
employment as elevator "boy" in the
Los Angeles Trust building.
There she saw daily persons whom
she had known for years, but none of
them recognized her. Meantime the
police had been looking everywhere
for her and finally came to the con
cluslonvlhat she had left the city.
After her arrest to-night she stated
that she had been asked by a police
man whether she knew Bessie Bar
clay. She declares that she will not
live at home and will not wear dresses.
On this subject the girl's mind seems
to be turned. Several weeks ago she
ran away from home and was found
on a steamer at San Pedro, where she
had secured a position as cabin boy.
Her identity, was discovered only by
the accidental knocking off of her cap,
which let her hair fall over her shoul
ders. The captain delayed sailing un
til an officer could be sent from Los
Angeles to bring her to her home. She
is more than ordinarily handsome.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 2.— Pretty Jes
sie Barclay, Just 16 years of age, the
daughter of respectable parents, but
who, despite all that money can sup
ply in the way of home comforts, has
repeatedly run away from home, was
found by the police to-night in a cheap
rooming-house, where for ten days she
had been living as a boy. She was at
tired in boy's clothing and had all the
appearanees of being a member of the
sterner sex. It was only through a
trivial illness that her sex was revealed
to the landlady, who Informed the po
lice.
GIRL AFFECTS
BOY'S RAIMENT
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., "WASHINGTON, Jan. 2.— President
Roosevelt and Secretary Root have de
cided upon two important army promo
tions, which are sure to be commended
throughout the service. ¦
' Brigadier General George L. Gilles
ple, chief of engineers, U. S. A., will
not only be made major general, but
will be designated assistant to the chief
of staff when Major General Chaffee,
now holding that position, : succeeds
Lieutenant General Young, who will re
tire as chief of staff gn January 9.
The other promotion will be that of
Colonel Alexander Mackenzie, general
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TWO OFFICERS
WILL ADVANCE
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2.— All the sup
ply departments of the army have
made arrangements for the transporta
tion of troops and supplies from New
York to San Francisco and thence to
the isthmus of Panama in case such a
movement is determined upon. Plans
also have been considered for the con
struction of a large storehouse and
temporary barracks on Panama terri
tory, and it Is estimated that 5500,000
may be required for such construction.
COLON, Jan. 2.— The reported sinking
of the Colombian gunboat General Pin
zon by an American warship is still un
confirmed and is discredited here. '
The auxiliary cruiser (Mayflower, with
Admiral Coghlan on :board, which left
Colon yesterday morning;, -returned here
late yesterday evening from Puerto Ca
"bello, where the cruiser Atlantic is pa
trolling, -i -
5 The gunboats Bancroft" and Castine
were last reported off the San Bias
coast. It is believed probable that they
have "gone to Cartagena to demand the
release of the Indian chief Inanaquina,
who is reported to have been captured
by Colombians. .
The cruiser Olympla is coaling -at
Chirlqui. The supply steamship Cul
goa arrived here yesterday.
Reports from Darien announce that
Colombian soldiers are desplaylng great
energy in building trochas and roads.
The Panamans are confident that
some move will be made soon. The dry
season has now begun, making it easier
to march through the mountains. Some
persons express thS belief that the Co
lombians will enter Panama territory
and attempt to obtain a strong position
in the hills, which they will entrench,
in order to prove to treaty opponents
in the United States that Colombia has
not relinquished her claim to and actu
ally holds some ground in Panama,
PANAMA, Jan. 2.— Intense excite
ment prevailed in the streets: of Pan
ama this morning because of the re
port that the Colombian warship Gen
eral Plnzon had been sunk by an
American gunboat off the coast of San
Bias. The only details given were that
the Pinzon was in Panama waters when
she was hailed by the American vessel.
The Pinzon, it is said, fired the first
shot, and was then quickly blown to
pieces. The first rumors did not men
tion the name of the American war
ship, but later stories supplied the
name of the Castine, alleging thlit the
latter was on her way back to Colon,
carrying the survivors of the General
Pinzon.
A thorough investigation failed to re
veal an authentic origin for the strange
gossip. Naval officers, who were the
last to hear the report, gave it no cre
dence. It was assumed that the ru
mor followed in the natural sequence
the news of the taking from San Bias
by the Pinzon of the Indian chief In
anaqulna. The Castine was sent to
investigate the Inanaqulna affair for the
navy.
Special Cablegram to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1903. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
Eeport of the Sinking of Co
lombian Warship by Ameri
can Gunboat Not Confirmed
RUMOR EXCITES
THE ISTHMIANS
SAN JOSE, Jan. 2. — The Farmers* Club,
composed of prominent fruit growers and agri
culturists, held its annual meeting to-day and
elected the following officers: President, F.
H. Bahb: vice president, W. E. Stevens:
uecretary-treasurer, H. J. Ball. Reports
showed the club to be in a' prosperous condi
tion. ¦ v,.-' :,-4[--
NEW YORK, Jan. 2. — An immense
holiday audience which packed the
Thalia Theater on the Bowery at to
day's matinee performance all but re
peated the scenes of wild panic in the
Chicago Iroquols Theater when a
shrill cry of "Fire" rang through the
house. Only the chance circumstances
that several policemen were standing
in the lobby at the moment and met
the emergency with strong measures
checked the wild, unreasoning frenzy
of the audience in its desire to escape
from the building by the . main en
trance. Clubs and fists met the rush
the moment it began, the' police and
the employes of the theater breasting
the crowd and literally lifting the
leaders from their feet and forcing
them into seats.
The attack of the police from the
front was as sudden as had been the
false fire alarm and served in a mo
ment to quiet the crowd and avert
what could not have failed to ; have
been a murderous stampede.
Police Use Clubs to' Check Bush of
Audience for the Exits.
PANIC IX XEW YORK THEATER.
The historic Royal Opera-house is
the only theater. in the city not re
garded as safe. The Chicago disaster
probably will, hasten its reconstruc
tion, which has long been considered.
President of Police von Bories, Fire
Chief Giersberg and several other ex
perts went over the opera-house to
day, examining the electric lighting,
the stage arrangements and the work
ing condition of the asbestos curtain,
w^th the object of reporting to Em
peror William the present condition
of the opera-house and what changes
are essential to place it in the highest
state of safety.
BERLIN, Jan. 2. — A fire caused by
a short circuited electric wire started
last night in the cloakroom of the
new Royal Theater during a perform
ance of "A Midsummer Night's
Dream." A fireman stationed at the
theater discovered the flames and put
them out without the audience being
alarmed.
Fire Is Started by Defective Wire,
but Is Quickly Extinguished.
BERLTV THEATER IX DAXGER.
Attempts Suicide in a Cell.
CORONA, Jan. 2. — Alexander Karls;
alias Fred Cline. who has been ar
rested and charged with .the murder
of Andrew Petersen last Tuesday
night, made an effort to commit sui
cide in his cell at the County Jail in
Riverside to-day. He slashed his
throat several times with a small piece
of tin. The injury is severe, but not
dangerous.
The various theaters in the. city are
equipped with the auxiliarytfire alarm
system and there is no possible chance
for the slightest delay in turning in an
alarm in the event of fire. The man
agers of the theaters will not make
any public statement until the Board
of Public Works flies its report with
Mayor Schmitz. The report of the
Board of Public Works will deal with
the construction of the theaters and
the modes of exit supplied for the au
diences of the places of amusement.
The Commissioners of the Board of
Public Works commenced an investi
gation of the various theaters in the
city yesterday for the purpose of see
ing if the places of amusement are
complying with the laws regarding the
safety of the public. The Commission
ers inspected two theaters and will
continue their work to-morrow morn
ing.
Assistant Chiefs Dougherty, Shaughn
essy. Wells and Conlon of the Fire De
partment made an Inspection of the
theaters yesterday and found that the
taws were fully complied with in refer
ence to fire appliances and the proper
insulation of electric wires.
Construction ( of Buildlncs
and Exits.
Report to Be Made to Mayor as to
BOARD OF PUBIJC WORKS
INSPECTS CITY THEATERS
Breckinridge is said to be much bet
ter mentally and to have recovered
from the injury to his spine, caused by
jumping out of a window while under
the surveillance of doctors.
Mrs. Sharon has received her daugh
ter-in-law and the grandson born last
September has been christened John C.
¦Breckinridget
Young Breckinridge Inherits a for
•tune from his grandmother and his
father. He will be taken back to Cali
fornia as soon as his health admits.
Redding says Mrs. Sharon has acted
very generously in- the premises. .
PARIS. Jan. 2.— Mrs. Fred Sharon
has discontinued all legal proceedings
against her son, John C. Brecklnrldge,
whose custody she wished to wrest
from his young wife, striving at the
same tirne to have him declared Insane
and a custodian appointed. Joseph D.
Redding, a lawyer of San Francisco,
has crossed the ocean several times to
effect this arrangement, and to-day
Henry Peartree of the law firm of
Coudert Brothers, has all the necessary
papers, Including a letter to Dr. Ar
naud from Mrs. Sharon, requesting: him
to follow Mrs. Brecklnridge's wishes In
regard to the future care of the latter's
husband.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GIVES HER SON
TO WIFE'S CARE
Sheriff Denholm of Pierce County and
Sheriff McCarthy of Thurston County
investigated the case to-day and found
that the young men had admitted at
Rainier that they stopped the train as
a joke. Superintendent Albee of the
Northern Pacific say3 the" young men
will be convicted if possible. He will
not permit of any trifling with the
trains, particularly those carrying the
United States mails. The young men
were not in the neighborhood when the
officers arrived and have not yet been
found.
TACOMA, Jan. 2.— Northern Pacific
train No. 4, running from Portland to
Tacoma, was signaled this morning one
mile west of Rainier, in Thurston
County, about thirty- miles from Taco
ma, by three men, who were thought by
the train men to be robbers. Investiga
tion proved that they were young men
of the neighborhood returning from a
dance. They, were, it is said, partially
intoxicated, and signaled the train as a
practical Joke.
The train was running at rapid speed
and rounding a curve, and the engineer
did not bring it to a stop until he had
run 300 yards past the place where the
men were standing. Several of the train
men ran back, and as they neared the
supposed robbers the latter mounted
their horses and rode away.
Supposed Bandits in Washing
ton Prove to Be Intoxicated
Dancers and May Go to Jail
JOKERS STOP
A FAST TRAIN
'} GLASGOW, Jan. 2. — A large num
ber of Clyde marine engineers re
ceived cable orders from the Japanese
Government to-day, to proceed im
mediately to Japan. These engineers
Clyde Men Engaged Months Ago Are
Ordered to Report for Duty.
JAPAN SUMMONS ENGIXEERST
Decoration for Korea's Emperor.
PARIS, Jan. 2. — A dispatch to the
Patrie from Seoul says the French
Minister has delivered to the Emperor
of Korea the decorations of the
Grand Cross of the Legion of Honor.
to England, have been bought by Ja
pan.
THE SAN . FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 3, 1904
Continued From Page 21^ Column 7.
INSURANCE RATES
HIGH ON CARGOES
BIZERTA, Tunis, Jan. 2. — The Rus
sian cruisers for the Far East will
start to-morrow for Alexandria. A
brilliant reception and banquet -were
given . to-day aboard the . battleship
Osstiabyra by Admiral Wlrenlss, in
command of the squadron, who toast
ed the alliance between France and
Russia. General Pinchon, the French
resident general fn Tunis, responded,
expressing on behalf of the French
people in Tunis unalterable affection
for Russia and the Russians.
Russian Cruisers Start To-Day.
were engaged by the Japanese Gov
ernment six months /igo, on the un
derstanding that they would be called
upon if active service were probable.
Full instructions were sent them In
cipher. They will go to the Far East
by way of Canada.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 2. — Governor Pardee
tr.-day r*-arpilnted J. N. Ellis. R. B. Treat and
R.- JJ. McKlroy as notaries public of San
Kranoisco.
John Powell, who In company with
Charles Sullivan shot and killed Spe
cial Policeman Seraple on Folsom street
on the morning of August 11 last, was
faund puilty of manslaughter last night
by a Jury in Judge Lawlor's court. The
jury was out six hours. Sullivan was
found guilty of murder in the second
degree about a week ago.
Guilty of .Manslaughter.
22
PB. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
JUST m TIME.
A xnotorman in Chicago ran his cai
onto the approach of an open bridge bu'
stopped it with the fender actually over
hanging the gulf below. He -wouldn'i
vrant to repeat the experiment because
the chances are that he'd never again
have the same good fortune.
Once in a m.. _ mws
wbile some one
who has travel- «. HP } i'M^V'
stomach dis- fc||| METROPO L! !
ease stops just g^JCT»TOaF—^-.J
in time to save J*T , rT^' :
his health. But. |— t «i5^gge^gggg£J
the majority of r^^^j
people go across
the line, and x£t=.t1
slight symptoms of indigestion grow to
disease of the stomach, involving the
other organs of digestion and nutrition.
Indigestion and other forms of stom-
ach "trouble" are perfectly and per-
manently cured by the use of Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery. It strength-
ens the whole body by enabling the per-
fect digestion and assimilation of food.
$3,000 FORFEIT will be paid by the
World's Dispensary Medical Association,'
Proprietors, Buffalo, N. Y., if they cannot
show the original signature of the indi-
vidual volunteering the testimonial below,
and also of the writers of every testi-
monial among the thousands which they
are constantly publishing, thus proving
their genuineness.
"I have been suffering for about eigbt years,"
writes Mrs. H. Pierce. ofMilUprings. Ky. « Have
bad several doctors to treat me — some for female
weakness and others for stomach trouble, but
received no relief. When I wrote you for advice
I was hardly able to work, and you advised me
what to do. I took nine bottles, five of ' Golden
Medical Discovery, r four of 'Favorite Prescrip-
tion.' also two vials of the ' Pellets.' Dr. Pierce's
medicines will do all that you claim for them.
Believe I would have been in my grave if I had
aot taken them." ' ;
Dr. Pierce's Medical Adviser is sent free
on' receipt of stamps to pay expense o!
mailing only. Send ai one-cent stamps for
the book in paper covers, or 31 stamps for
the cloth-bound volume. Address Dr. R. V.
fierce. BuCalo. N. Y.
DK KILMER'S SWAJSCP-BOOT.
Thousands of Women Have Kidney
Trouble and Never Suspect It.
To Prove What S*vamp-Root, the Great Kidney, Liver
and Bladder Remedy Will do for YOU, Every Reader
of The Call May Have a Sample Bottle Sent FREE
by Mail.
i — 1 WOMEN suffer untold misery be-
CION'T KNOW I HAD KIDNEY TROUBLE cause the nature of their disease is
' not always correctly understood; in
I h«d triod so m anr r^me^- without the.r «»ny cases when . doctoring they are
having txr.eflted me that I was about dis- ledto believe that womb trouble or
rouraped, but m a-f^w flays after taking: your female weakness of some sort^ is re-.
wonderful sw-amp-Roct i bagan to feel bettw. sponsible for their ills, when in fact
1 we* out of health and run down generally; disordered kidneys arc the chief cause
,« of their distressing troubles. Perhaps
(^^*^,' W; ..l*^v s^ you suffer almost continually with
y^^ pain in the back, bearing down feel-
« Sjr^s v'jfe^^^WV ings, headache and utter exhaustion.
nervous, irritable and at times de-
/^ff j-^5^^'-^^^^^pB|^|\\ spondent; but thousands of just such
//^F3^fflP^ : ™"'^^^CT^SliS^\\ suffering or broken down women are
//^^t^HH£^inimav^^BSa^\\ being restored to health and strength
/JllsreKHifi^ :^5^ : --§si3S^|#\\ everv day by the use of that wonder-
' !^^P|E*'^S^|^BI^\ ful discovery, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
¦J v^^^M^^^S^8R'*'d Root ' the sreat- kidney, liver and
• Not^only^does Swamp-Root bring
]^^^^g^Bsjt^mtW^il^»^ new life and activity to the kidneys,
l^^f^^^^/^i'^S^v^^W the. cause of the trouble, but by
t^^^^^^fcl^^^p^C^Y/ treating the kidneys it acts as a gen-
V \^/S^J^^^^M^^^^ Jl era^ ton ' c an d f°°d for the entire con-
VSJ- (^^T^^^i'^^^XM^// The mild and extraordinary effect
#?•• ? ¦i !^-lr^7.r^?~'yv °* tne world-famous kidney and blad-
-<2er remedy, Swamp-Root, is- soon
'"~<h \^^^ realized. It stands the highest for
¦ NN ™ a P>ssL*^^f — /fLf* its wonderful cures of. the. most dis-
>^\ MRS. A L.WALKER. //// tressing cases.. A trial will convince
any one — and you may have a sample
had no appetite, was fiizzy and Buffered with bottle sent free by mail.
wdache most of in* time, i did not know T n taking Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
that my kidneys were the cause of my trouble, R oot vou a ff or d natural hp1n tn Ka
Mi* romehem felt they might be. and I began * OOt , y ° U c attord natural help to JSa-
takln* Swunp-Root. as above stated. There is turc, for Swamp-Root IS the mOSt per-
puch a pleasant ta*te to Bwamp-Root, and it feet healer and gentle aid to the kid-
pops rirht to the spot and driven disease out of neys that has ever been discovered,
the Bystem. it has curM me. and i cheerfully Don't make any mistake, but remem-
¦n-oomm^lwo an^uffcrer*. ber the name# Swamp-Root, Dr. Kil-
mrs. a. b. walker,* mer's Swamp- Root, and the. address,
46 West Linden St.. Atlanta. Ga. Binghamton, N. Y., on every bottle.
To Prove What SWAMP-ROOT, the Great Kidney, Liver and Bladder
Remedy Will do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call May Have a
Sample Bottle FREE by Mail.
EDITORIAL NOTICE— No matter how many doctors you have
tried — no matter how much money you may have spent on other medi-
cines, you really owe it to yourself and " to your family to at least give
Swamp-Root a trial. Its strongest friends to-day are those who had
almost given up hope of ever becoming well again. You may have a
sample bottle of this wonderful discovery, Swamp-Root, sent absolutely
free by mail, also a book telling all about Swamp-Root, and contain-
ing many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters re-
ceived from men and women who owe their good health, in fact their
very lives, to its wonderful curative properties. In writing to Dr. Kilmer
ii: Co., Binghamton, N. Y., be sure to say that you read this generous offer
in the San Francisco Sunday Call. If you are already convinced that
Swamp-Root is what you need, you can purchase the regular fifty-cent and
one dollar size bottles at the drug stores everywhere.
ADVEBTISEHENTS.
I Crime J # I Manhood J
I ¥j H^ «P» 7%^^> _, _ - I 1* Arr^v
I '¦^ AS^ W«» aVA W» %^* f^C^S7%\ T 7\^ ' I JL^^sJ yf'M^'
pWHSSBW lifeBUi Dr.M c KANNA |
laf • • |m
]H ; . Now is the Time to decide whether you are going to experiment with the \\
H most dreadful forms of human misery through the whisky Bottle, or take your place X \
0 among your fellows as a sober, useful, respected man. Swearing off won't quench fl
B your thirst for liquor— resolutions won't heal your drink-disordered system. Thirteen II
-fl Thousand Drinking Men have come to my various Sanitariums and after Three 1 1
E-| ¦:'¦¦'> Days' Treatment have stopped drinking forever. These men knew that they had n
0. inflicted i disease upon themrelves which required a specialist's skilL ¦ They realised M
fit. ¦*¦ ' ¦ ¦ that my method was thsironly salvation, and I will prove 1o every *pan who drinks M
0 that the McKanna treatment is the only remedy for the liquor habit that b safe and h
0 NOW IS THE TIME TO DECIDE— TO-MORROW MAY BE TOO LATE. H
I Dr. J. J. McKanna 1
fi 14 geary st., san francisco; if g
3 The Original and Only.3-Day Cure for the Liquor Habit ffi
0 - . , . / OPEN DAY, NIGHT AND SUNDAYS. W|
0 ' - . Dr. McKanna's Book on Alcoholism sent on request. 11
. ADVERTISEMENTS. .. , , ¦ - ¦
Jyj^gjgjal^ jfy 4%£$%r Bciln thc l<Vcw Year rl * ht - Havs a
Your credit Is good. These few articles will T^*£wllilll^S
i 11 carefully selected stock of ex- We !i g a few items from our new if |J
H \tm elusive patterns. No color scheme SUkollne Comforts. Flowered and plain; m I if
U IIIH We cann °t Carry OUt. No matter size. 72x72; tufted. Price $1.50 each. * B 11 H
1 IIIh how fastidious you may be, we can ai Value. *Lio 3 a pair? uran3 - exce P on | H
9 \Hil ~i A ~t. r\.,~ ~-:~-»o n ~*. rirrUf Grenadine and Madras Striped Curtains. B||f tl
n \WL please you. Our prices are right. Four colors. Price n.65. Wu M
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Makes its presence known
by many signs, — glandular
tumors, bunches in the neck,
cutaneous eruptions, in-
flamed eyelids, sore ears,
catarrh and wasting diseases.
Hood'sSarsaparilla
Effects permanent cures*
I Seed Talk \
H Complete and reliable in- m
I formation and advice on seeds, B
B planting, etc., in our nevt, B
(1 amply and beautifully illustrated B
rj annual catalogue, 1904. y
p Mailed free on request 1
I ALL .SEEDS FOR FARM I
R AND GARDEN. |
II Fruit Trees and Ornamentaj B
j Plants. " j|
I LUA NKrei J CU* §
? 411, 4J3, 415 Siawme Street R
I SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. Jl
/) visit DR. JORDAN'S great^
OF AHATOMY^
0 SP un &i£BT s?. tit &**?.&, s.r.c:i 4
\ OT The LAreett Autcnical Huna in the \
•9 r»V*>-v Wocld - We*k»e»»» or Ma,y enmncted A *,
0 /fcSI bpecsaiiit ob ibe C*«i E*l 3* yean. £
A «328 DR " J 3RDAN-D1SEASES CF MEN J
\ f^y&jS Con«ult«aori free »n<J itrictly prirare. \ '
6 J J^tSLT T'" 1 "*"" p»riorall» or by letter. A A
\ fi / il n ' Wft " CW« In creryc»«« undertake*. W ¦
APn \\tl> Wntc for Book. PUII.OKUI-BV mt A
V « If \yi a»ll«IACi:, MAILEO FKES. ( A. ¥
1 fl /J- valuable book lot ava ) \
V DSL 1OBDAK A CO.. 1051 Market KC.S. F. Q
D D TT C U 17 C f or barbers, ba-
Dil U OflHD ' !t «. bootblacks, bath- :
houses, billiard tables,
brewen, bookbinders, candy makers, canners.
<3y«rs, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printer*, nainter*, ehae factories.
f.i.V.cTnta, tar-rooferB. tanners.- tailor* etc
BUCEAHAK BEOS.,
Brtuh Mannlactnreri. 609 Sacramento St.
'[lad ways'
. Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causes .
perfect digestion. complete absorption and
healthful regularity. -I
Kor the care of all disorders of the Stomach,
Liver, Bowels. Kidneys, Bladder, Female lr-
regrulariUes. Sick Headache. Biliousness, ' Con>
*tl; ation, PUl-s and all deraszements of the
Internal Viscera. 2!Vc a box. At drugg-tats or
by xc*U. KADWAT & CO.. New TorlcWater Company Buys Lands.
- SAN JOSE. Jan. 2.— Deeds from
Mrs. Catherine Dunne. Adolph B.
Spreckels and D. W. Herold to the Bay
Cities Water Company conveying up
ward of 1500 acres of land were filed
to-day. The property sold by Mrs.
Dunne consisted of 957 acres on the
Uvas Creek; the Spreckels property is
505 acres' at Coyote Stations The price
paid is withheld..
Drops Dead While Dressins.
SAN DIEGO,- Jan. 2.— Rupert Rei
singer of Georgetown,' Or., was found
dead to-day in a room he had been
occupying in v a hotel here. Apparent
ly he fell to the floor dead while in the
act of dressing. He -was about 45
years of age. Death probably was
due to heart disease.
GLOBE, Ariz., Jan. 2.— A posse con
sisting of Under Sheriff Pollurd Pear
son and Deputies J. C. Chilson and Ben
Picatt. with Zack and John Booth in
custody, arrived from Pay&on at 6
o'clock this evening, covering the hun
dred miles since yesterday morning.
There was some apprehension that the
relatives "of the prisoners might attempt
a' rescue, but no unusual Incident oc
curred during the journey.
At the Coroner's inquest Zack Booth
admitted killing Wiley Berry and the
Mexican boy, Vigil, and exonerated his
brother. John .Booth. The stcry was
reiterated at the preliminary hearing
before Justice J. p. Hill at Payson, who
bound Zack Booth over 'without bail by
order of District Attorney George R.
Hill. *
The examination of John Booth was
deferred until the bodies of the victims
could be exhumed and careful examina
tion of wounds made to determine if
Berrv and Vigil were shot by bullets
of the same caliber. This r had an im
portant bearing as the Booths carried
guns of different caliber, shooting bul
lets not alike. The conclusion arrived
at after' re-examination .of the bodies
was that they had been shot from one
weapon. Nevertheless John Booth was
present at the killing and accessory to
it and he was also held without bail
for the Grand Jury.
Wiley Berry is the son of W. W.
Berry of St. Johns, a large sheeo owner
and former Sheriff of Apache County.
Youne Berry was shot . twice in the
breast, and the body was left lying In
the camp fire where it had fallen. Vigil,
the Mexican, was shot in the back as
he was running and the assassin then
shot him twice in the body and once
in the neck. '
-The feeling in northern GHa County
is bitter against the. Booths., who are
not cattlemen but: own goats. .Cattle
men especially are incens«"l at the
Booth's,, as statements have been made
alleging that hostility of cattlemen
toward . sheepmen , for invading the
range was back of the killing.- This -is
erroneous, . as cattlemen are peaceful
and" anxious to avoid trouble. The
Booth brothers will be, held in the
County Jail here until the district court
meets next June.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 2.— Warden
Archibald Yell to-day restored to his
position as turnkey at the Folsom pris
on George E. Lamphrey, and thus ends
one of the most interesting episodes
connected with the management of the
penitentiary. By the late Warden
Charles Aull, Lamphrey was regarded
as a valuable officer of the prison. He
retained his place when upon the death
of Aull Warden Thomas Wilkinson as
sumed charge, but it was not long be
fore he earned the. enmity of George
Raymond, a convict. „.};•;'
• Raymond, it Is declared, sent word
to Warden Wilkinson that Lamphrey
had designs on the superintendency of
the.prison. Wilkinson dropped Lamph
rey from the roll of. employes. Great
influence was brought to bear upon him
to restore Lamphrey, but the warden
would not be shaken in his determina
tion.
Wilkinson now has been retired, Ray
mond is a simple convict again and
Lamphrey has been given a position of
even greater Importance than that from
which he was dismissed when Wilkin
son assumed charge.
In order to make a place for Lamph
rey, H. J. Kipp has been dismissed as
lieutenant of the guard and P.J. Coch
rane. turnkey, has been "appointeri in
his place, leaving the latter* s place open
for Lamphrey.
Special Dispatch to The CalU
Shooting in Arizona Causes
"AVrath Because of the Al
legations Miulc by Sheepmen
Changes Are Made at the
Folsom Penitentiary and For
mer Turnkey Is Reinstated
CRIME ANGERS
CATTLE OWNERS
WARDEN NAMES
NEW OFFICERS
Italy's New Commander.
ROME, Jan. 2.— The Council of
Ministers met to-night to discuss the
appointment of a commander for the
international gendarmerie in Mace
donia and selected General Degorgies,
commander of the Italian military
forces In Sardinia, for the position.
ROME, Jan. 2. — The design of the
sculptor, Luchetti, for a monumental
tomb for the late Pope Leo XIII in
side the Church of St. John Lateran
has been approved. It represents Pope
Leo wearing the triple crown, sitting
on a throne supported by the world,
each hand extended in the act of
blessing, the whole symbolizing one
fold and one church. The cost of the
monument 's estimated at $32,000.
Pope's Tomb Design Approved.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 2. — Captain
Thomas Ha nee, for thirty-one years a
member of the San Jose Police De
partment and for twenty-nine years
night captain, died at his home in this
city to-night of paralysis. He was a
native of Tennessee, aged 77 years. A
preliminary paralytic stroke caused
him to retire from office in April of
last year. Two daughters survive
him.
Passing of Veteran Policeman.
Mayor Schmltz yesterday sent the
following telegram of congratulation
to Captain A. R. Mills of the steam
ship Philadelphia, American line,
which is now, at sea on her maiden
voyage:
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., Jan. 2,— To Cap
tain A. R. Mills, S. B. Philadelphia of Ameri
can JAne, at Soa. by Mareont Wireless Tele
(rraph. via Siasconsett Station. Massachusetts:
New Year greetings to you. officers, passen
jrers and ship's crew. May your initial voyage
be auEplcious and a forerunner for the year.
What your rowltlon and weather?
E. E. SCHMITZ; Mayor, of San Francisco
BOSTON, Jan. 2. — The Whil-i Star
line inaugurated a service from Boston
to Marseilles to-day when the steam
ship Republic sailed from this port
Steamship Republic Begins Her
Maiden Trip From Boston to
. Marseilles. :
WHITE STAR LINE
STARTS NEW SERVICE
NEW YORK. Jan. 2.— The "shape
show" ended in a blaze of physical cul
ture glory in Madison Square Garden
to-r.ight On Monday night twenty
one young women, all more or less
good looking, posed for the champion
ship of New York City. The honor
was won by Miss Beatrice Marshall.
On Tuesday evening there arrived,
on various railroads, marvels of beau*
ty from the great beyond. There were
ten or twelve of them. On Friday
night a committee of six "sculptors."
artists, physicians and surgeons picked
out of the lot of candidates four who
seemed to have attained more nearly
to the ancient Greek and modern phy
sical culture ideals of conformation
than the rest The audience had been
voting on the crowd all through the
week. The jury rendered its' verdict
last night
It was decided that, although there
was only one prize offered— that of
$1000 to the winner — the first choice
should take $500. the second choice
$250, the third $150 and the fourth $100.
To-night the committee ended its de
cisions. First came Miss Emma New
kirk of Santa Monica. Cal. The win
ner of the second prize was Miss Jean
ette Baier of Minneapolis. Beatrice
Marshall won third prize and Miss An
nie Oxley, from England, fourth.
yii<is Emma Xewkirk of Santa Monica
Triumphant in a New York
Voting Contest. ,
CALIFORNIA GIRL WINS
PRIZK AS &ODERX VENUS
LINCOLN, Neb., Jan. 2.— In an in
vitation signed by T. D. Worrall, Bryan
Democrats ask all the faithful to a ban
quet January 18. After telling of the
honors conferred on Mr. Bryan abroad,
the call declares: -\»r .
"Loyal Democrats therefore deem it
only fit and proper that this splendid
American citizen and great Democrat
be honored by his fellow Democrats
upon his return home, and to that end
are arranging a 'dollar dinner' to be
held at the Lindell Hotel, Lincoln, on
January 18. 1904. - *.
"It is to be a Democratic banquet in
fact as well as in name, given by Dem
ocrats who not only refuse to apolo
gize for remaining true to the princi
ples of Democracy as enunciated In the
Chicago and Kansas City platforms, but
deny with emphasis that they owe an
apology to Democrats who deserted the
party during those campaigns and lent
their aid and comfort to the enemy.
While standing ready at all times to
welcome the wandering and erring. ones
back to the Democratic fold, upon suffi
cient, evidence that In the future they
purpose supporting the Democratic
ticket, the Democrats who are arrang
ing for this banquet to Democracy's
gallant leader decline to step aside to
make room at the family table for
those who betrayed the household of
the faithful. While it is true that the
departing tribes of Israel marched
forth with the gaudiest banners and
the loudest sounds of timbrel and lyre,
it is equally true that the ark of the
covenant remained with the tribe • of
Judah. The ark of Democratic cove
nant remains in the household of the
faithful and they are "cordially invited
to gather on the evening of January 18,
to again renew their faith in Demo
cratic principles and gain strength for
the forthcoming struggle for control of
this republic's affairs.
"L. D. WORRALL,
"Chairman Banquet Committee."
Acting Commissioner Clements, who
is head of the commission in the ab
sence of Chairman Knapp, who is in
New York, said he did not regard the
situation as startling, and that he did
not believe any wrongful conduct would
be found, but that it was the unani
mous opinion of the commission that
the rumors should be inquired into by
experts to ascertain the exact facts.
WASHINGTON, JW 2.— Treasury
Department experts to-day instituted
an investigation of the accounts of the
Interstate Commerce Commission. The
action is taken at the instance of Act
ing Chairman Clements of the commis
sion, as, a result of persistent rumors
of Irregularities In the drawing of
vouchers, etc. When the expert ac
countants, Nathaniel L. Ambrose and
Richard H. Taylor, and James Lti
Chase, the latter of the office of the
auditor for the State .and other depart
ments, reached the commission to-day,
they sealed the safe and examined Sec
retary Edward A. Mosley, H. S. Mil
stead, the cashier, and other employes.
Milstead has not been suspended.
Acting Commissioner Clements stated
to-day that he did not know that any
thing was wrong, but that the rumors
had become so persistent that they
could no longer be ignored and the
Treasury Department therefore was
asked to take charge of accounts.
Moseley is under $25,000 bonds as dis
bursing officer.
It Is understood that the rumors in
clude allegations of payments made for
service at one place while the payee was
engaged elsewhere, with similar irregu
lar methods. The investigation will be
thorough and every phase of the ac
countins work of the commission will
be overhauled.
The commission handles about $127.
000 annually, the bulk of It being for
salaries, traveling expenses, etc. The
payments are by warrants drawn on
the treasury. H. S. Milstead performs
the duties of cashier, but Edward A.
Moseley, the secretary of the commis
sion, is in charge of all the accounting
work.
Call Issued by Chairman Ex
presses Faith in Old Ten
ets of, Free Silver Campaign
Acting Chairman Requests
the Investigation in Order
to Quiet Persistent Rumors
EXPERTS BEGIN THE WORK
POPULAR PRICE FUNCTION
Friends of the Nebraska States
man "Will Honor Him at a
Banquet on January 18
Accounts , of the Interstate
Commerce Commission Are to
Be Thoroughly Overhauled
BRYAN DINNER
FOR A DOLLAR
CLEMENTS ASKS
FOR AN INQUIRY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 3, 1904.
23
CHOOSING A WIFE BY
HER NOSE
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
SEE THE PICTURES
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
JERUSALEM AT THE
WORLD'S FAIR
SEE THE PICTURES
DR. SHOOP'S • REMEDIES.
Six Books For The Sick
What I Learned After 30 Years '
Whi 'h R°°' t 1 on Dyspepsia,
shall Book 3 on the KidneysNj
, « , Book 5 for Men (scaled).
S:ndr Book U on Rheumatism.
Simply select the book you need.
It is my experience as a specialist of thirty years. In the book I tell how at
last I found a. way to reach difficult, deep-seated diseases. Thirty years of earn-
est, .ardent toil in hospitals and at 'bedsides made it possible for me to write
these books. >;V* :
The books tell how I perfected my prescription^ — Dr. Shoop's Restorative.
How by scientific experiment I traced out the causes that bring on chronic dis-
eases.
I found invariably that where there was a weakness the . inside nerves were
weak. Where there Was a lack of vitality the vital nerves lacked power. Where
weak organs were found. I always found weak nerves. Not the nerves common-
ly thought of, but the vital organs' nerves. The inside — the invisible nerves.
This was a revelation. Then my real success began. ' Then I combined In-
gredients that would strengthen, that would vitalize, these nerves.
That prescription I called 'a restorative. It is known the world over now as
Dr. Shoop's Restorative. After that I did not fall to cure, one case in each hun-
dred. In the extremely difficult cases, my failures for five years were one in
each forty treated. I found cancer incurable. Cancer is for surgery, not medi-
cine. ?
Then how to get this prescription to the sick ones everywhere ~- was my
thought. I must announce it in the public press. But, thought I, will they
realize the real truth of my discovery, the real power of Dr. Shoop's Restora-
tive? Then a way came to me — like an inspiration. "I will offer it to the sick
on trial. Then they will know I am sincere— that my prescription is unusual."
I wrote a reliable druggist In each city and village in America, They agreed to
co-operate with me. Now by any sick one'
Dr. Shoop's Restorative
Can be taken at my risk. For a full month I will let you use it entirely at my
risk. ;•';
Send no money. Just write me for the book you need. When I send It I will
tell you of a druggist near you .who will permit'the month's trlali. Use". the Re-
storative a month. Then decide.- If you say to the druggist. "It did not help
me," that will relieve you of any expense whatever.* He will bill the cost to me.
This is my way of clearing your mind of all doubt as to what Dr. Shoop's Re-
storative can do. • ,
No matter how prejudiced, you cannot dispute this absolute security I offer.
You cannot resist an' offer like this if you are at all sick. If you have a' weak-
ness, write me. If you can't do things like you used to do them.' tell me about It.
Write In confidence. ,As a physician I will tell you a way to help. >
Get my book now — to-day. ¦ ' - .
Address Dr. Shoop, Box 5630, Racine, W"
Mild cases, cot chronic, arc- often cured by one or two bottles. At drugffUts'.
APTE»TI3E«EgTH. '
STATEMENT
OF- THE — .,.
CONDITION AND VALUE
OF THE
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
" OF .
THE HIBERNIA
SAVINGS AND LOAN SOCIETY
<A CORPORATION)
And V/here Said Assets Are Situated, Dated
December 31, 1903.
ASS ETS.
1 — Promissory Xotes and the debts thereby secured, the ac-
tual value of which Is $29,237,007.58
T* 16 condition of said Promissory Notes and debts Is as
follows: They are all existing Contracts, owned by said
corporation, and are payable to it at its Office, which is
situated at the corner of Market, McAllister and Jones '
Streets, in the City and County of San Francisco, State of '
California, and the payment thereof is secured by First
Mortgages on Real Estate within this State ($28,720,007.58) •
and the States of Oregon ($242,000.00) and Wash-
ington ($275,000.00). Said Promissory Xotes are
Kept and held by said Corporation at its said Office,
which is its principal place of business, and said Notes
and debts are there situated.
•«— Promissory Xotes and the debts thereby'secured, the ac-
tual value of which is 1,151,400.00
The condition of said Promissory Notes and debts Is
as follows: . They are all existing Contracts, owned by
Bald Corporation, and are payable to it at its Office,
which is situated as aforesaid, and the payment thereof
is secured by "Northern Railway Company of California
First Mortgage 6 per cent. Bonds." ".Northern California
Railway Company First Mortgage 5 per cent. Bonds,"
"Pasadena and Mount Lowe Railway Company of Los
Angeles, California, 4 per cent. Gold Bonds," "San Fran-
cisco and North Pacific Railway Company First Mortgage
5 per cent. Bonds," "San Francisco and San Joaquin Val-
ley Railway Company 5 per cent. Bonds." "Southern Pay
cine Branch Railway Company of California 6 per cent.
Bonds," "Southern- Pacific Company Ay. per cent. Gold
Bonds." "Southern Pacific Railroad Company of Arizona
First Mortgage 6 per cent. Bonds," "Southern Pacific
Railroad Company of California Series 'A* 6 per cent
Bonds," "Southern Pacific Railroad Company of Califor-
nia Series 'F and G* 6 per cent. Bonds." "Southern Pacific
Railroad Company of California First Consolidated Mort-
gage Series 'A and B' 5 per cent. Bonds." "Sierra Rail-
way Company of California 6 per cent. Bonds," "Cali-
fornia Street Cable Railroad Company 5 per c*»nt- Bonds,"
"Market Street Railway Company First Consolidated
Mortgage 5 per cent Gold Bonds," "Los Angeles Rail-
way Company of California 5 per cent. Bonds," "Los
Angeles Pacific Railroad Company 5 per cent- Bonds,"
"Pacific Electric Railway Company of California 5 per
cent. Bonds." "Park and Cliff House Railway Company
6 per cent. Bonds," "Powell Street Railway Company 6
per cent Bonds," "The Park and Ocean Railroad Com-
pany First Mortgage 6 per cent Bonds." "United Rail-
roads of San Francisco 4 per cent. Bonds." "United
States 3 per cent Bonds." "Contra Costa Water Com-
pany 5 per cent Gold Bonds." "Hawaiian Commercial and
Sugar Company 5 per cent. Gold Bonds," "Oakland Water
Company 5 per cent Gold Bonds," "Pacific Light and
Power Company of Los Angeles. California, 5 per cent
Bonds," "Pacific Gas Improvement Company First Mort-
gage 4 per cent. Bonds." "San Francisco Dry Dock Com-
pany 5 per cent Bonds," "Spring Valley Water Works
First Mortgage 6 per cent Bonds," "Spring Valley Water
Works Second Mortgage 4 per cent. Bonds." "Spring Val- »
ley Water Works Third Mortgage 4 per cent Bonds,"
"United Gas and Electric Company 5 per cent Bonds "
"Forty-two Shares of the Capital Stock of The Bank of
California" and "One hundred and thirty Shares of the
Capital Stock of the California Street Cable Railroad
Company." the- market value of all said Bonds and Stocks
being (51.451.759.50). Said Xotes are kept and held by
said Corporation at its said Office, and said Notes, Bonds
and Stocks are there situated.
$ — Bonds of the United States, the actual value of which is.. 10,176,933.67
The condition of said Bonds is as follows: They be-
long to said Corporation, and are kept and held by it in
Its -own Vaults and are there situated. They are "Reg-
istered 4 per cent, of 1907 ($16,000,000.00) and 4 per
cent of 1925 (J2, 000,000.00) United States Bonds," and
are payable only to the order of said Corporation.
4— Miscellaneous Bonds the actual value of wliich is....... 8,282,700.46
The condition of said Bonds is as fol-
lows: They belong to said Corporation,
and are kept and held by it in its own
Vaults and are there situated. They are:
, "Market Street Cable Railway Company 6
per cent Bonds" $1,121,000.00
"Market Street Railway Company First Con-
solidated Mortgage 5 per cent. Bonds" 340.000.00
"Sutler Street Railway Company 5 per cent
Bonds" 150,000.00
"Powell Street Railway Company 6 per cent
Ronds" 158,000.00
"The Omnibus Cable Company 6 per cent.
P.onds" , 82,000.00
"Presidio and Ferries Railroad Company 6
per cent Bonds" 26,000.00
"Ferries and Cliff House Railway Company
6 per cent Bonds" 6,000.00
"Los Angeles Railway Company of California
5 per cent. Bonds" 145,000.00
. . "Pacific Electric Railway Company 5 per cent
Bonds" 300,000.00
"Northern Railway Company of California 6
per cent. Bonds" 584,000.00
"San Francisco and North Pacillc Railway
Company 5 per cent Bonds" 389,000.00
"Southern Pacific Railroad Company of Cal-
ifornia € per cent Bonds" 1,326,000.00
"San Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Rail-
way Company 5 per cent Bonds" 111,000.00
"West Shore Railroad Company of New
York 4 per cent Bonds" 500,000.00
"Spring Valley Water "Works First Mort-
gage 6 per cent Bonds" 123,000.00
"Spring Valley Water Works Second Mort-
gage 4 per cent Bonds" 462,000.00
"Spring Valley Water Works Third Mort- ' .
gage 4 p^r cent Bonds" 1,020.000.00
"City of San Luis Obispo 5 per cent. Bonds".. 18,000.24
'The Merchants' Exchange 7 per cent Bonds". 400,000.00
"San Francisco Gas and Electric Company 4%
per cent. Bonds" 500,000.00
5 — Interest on Miscellaneous Bonds accrued to January 1,
1904 324,680.77
V— (a) Real Estate situated in the City and County of San
Francisco (?3?1. 420.95), and in the Counties of Santa
Clara ($1S6,?S2.69). Alameda ($159,966.15) and San Ma-
teo ($24,630.23) in this State, the actual value of which is. 763,000 02
(b) The Land and Building in which said Corporation
keeps its said Office, the actual value of which is 517,109 °4
The condition of said Real Estate is that it belongs
- to said Corporation, and part of it is productive.
T — Proportion of Taxes for the Fiscal Year 1903-1904
chargeable to next half year 50 649.92
8 — Cash in United States Gold and Silver Coin, belonging to
said Corporation, and in its possession, and situated at its
said Office, actual value 1.961012.61
Total Assets .$61,466,590.27
LIABILITIES. "
1— Said Corporation owes Deposits amounting to and the ac-
tual value of which is 58,182,675 47
The condition of said Deposits is that they are pay-
able only out of said Assets and are fully secured thereby.
9 — Reserve Fund, Actual Value 3 283 914 80
Tota! Liabilities..... »«M66^ 2 7
THE HIBERNIA SAVINGS AND LOAN SOCIETY.
By JAMES R. KELLY. President
THE HIBERNIA SAVINGS AND LOAN SOCIETY,
By ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
State of California, City and County of San Francisco, ss:
JAMES R. KELLY and ROBERT J. TOBIN. being each separately duly
sworn, each for himself, says: said JAMES R. KELLY is President
and that said ROBERT J. TOBIN is Secretary of THE HIBERNIA SAV-
INGS AND LOAN SOCIETY, the Corporation above mentioned, and that
. . the foregoing statement is true. JAMESR. KELLY, President
ROBERT J. TOBIX, Secretary.
Subscribed and Bworn to before me this 2d day of January, 1904
GEO. T. KNOX, Notary Public,
In and for the City and County of San Francisco, State of California
¦ ' ' , : '• ADVEBTISEJCEafTS.
WOMEN Wk WINTER CATARRH !
Pe-ru-na Cures a Cold ; Before It Develops Into Chronic
Winter Catarrh.
- Coughs, Colds and La Grippe Are All
"*-3| . Winter Catarrh and Will Develop
J/i\\ IMilm^^^^^Bm^ Pe-ru-na Is an Absolute Protection
tin 'I^^^^^T^^' m |tCurcsCatarrhlnAIIPhascsandSta 5 C5 »
B I S p^^^^^^^^^^^^ypK ft\ as Thousands of Thankful
Colds and La Grippe. *u iji|i| |l. \!^ i^JPShi "^Ifjk *\ \f7 j*^ /s^
"I am pleased to say that Peruna cured me in less than * i *"^ N *-*-t, \s^<^/Sb 0^
three months of a most chronic case of catarrh, the result of ORACE
a bad cold which I neglected. I was annoyed by catarrh of LAWSOK* *$>
the head for some time, it then went to my throat,. and then to aCa
my bronchial tubes. .My breath was bad, my appetite poor, and I had con- m e e^ S ia°teiy r relIeve r fhe S con e gested W mem-
tinual headaches, but immediately on taking Peruna I was relieved and in b^ s M <? r "S p ii?w8 d on. ch 3 a i rK smith street.
I //mo it cured me/'-— Miss Emma Loescher. "For n 'seVerai* years* 1 was troubled
with catarrh of the head, having head-
K*en Pe-ru-na In the House to US3 at which give tonicity to these overcrowd- ache almost constantly. The discharge
ivtcp re ru na in me iiou*c 10 us- ui vessels, and enables them to regain from the catarrh which made my breath
the Slightest Symptom - their usual elasticity, and thus prevents very bad kept dropping in my throat. A
„,-,.,.,,, • further derangement. , few bottles of Peruna soon relieved me
Oltaidirn. Chronic catarrh is so undoubtedly and of this terrible disease, and I cannot say
directly the result of an ordinary cold too much in praise of your medicine."—
CiTPwivr - n iH ia rt>niiv the iriitp that it would be quite correct to call Miss Grace Lawson.
ETCHING cold is reauy acute { inai 1 u settled or old C old. At Mrs. H. E. Adams. ex-President Pal-
stapc of catarrh. A sudden chilling of the inhabitants north metto Club of New Orleans. La., writes
of the surface of part of the body Qt the fort j et h degree of latitude are from 110 Garfleld Court. South Bend,
drives the blood to the interior of the body. mor e or less afflicted with catarrh in Ind.. as follows: "I am pleased to en-
and its presence in unusual quantities som e form. To say that this vast multi- dorse Peruna. as I took it about a year
causes temporary congestion of some or- tude «J>%^ m ™\*^ e " S-^-^^SnS^Sc^^&a^
gan. which may continue long enough to give a miifl siaicmem. 01 me gerloua ' The lungg were SQre and , n _
produce the disturbance called "a cold." When to Treat a Cold. flamed, I coughed a couple of hours
' i The mucous mem- f^e treatment of colds ought to begin every night and I felt something must
Patarrh of the Nose branes of the re- with the appearance of the first symp- be done before my lungs became affected.
laiarm OI me nuse, «» m slnc V a cold has the invariable I tried Peruna and found that it was
Throat ui lap « Sggj SgsgS St °J <= " b i5 SSJWfSM^SS,S^ ~,
bssfe:; Sss &« r° m f J § sH^" 1 knxs&:2
JiiSt. I "S'lL'"«™.a within umi.,.1 S ™^an,» of the who^ body and 5 o »ice gjlto. Ha pr
1 ADVERTISEMENTS.
CLEARANCE
SALE.
Discount*
on
Everything.
S. & G. GUMP GO.
113 Geary Street.
\SOffBMIAfi
"King of «D Bottled BW3.-C J
I . sotoevg&vwnEBe: J
I HILBERT MERCANTILE COL. |
ft PsctSe Coast Axvnta^ M
Makers and merchants have
too little faith in good goods.
Schilling's Best is beginning
to show them the way«MUNICH. Bavaria, Jan. .2.— L«on Hardsey
both, a member of the Reichstag, has bean
sentenced to fifteen months' Imprisonment and
the loes of civil rights for live years for forg
ing bills of exchange. ¦
. MOSCOW. . Jan. 2.— United 6tates Consul
Fmith has Issued a statement denying; that he
is co-operating with Klsel Zareranskl (licensed
by the Russian Medical Department to practice
medicine in cases of tuberculcule). in treatSns;
consumptives, and raying that the cases brought
to his: notice have not demonstrated the pos
sibility of curing tuberculosis by the Zager
amkl method^attjffl^g^jSmraBHHiHW
COLOGNE. Jan. 2.— Naviratien of tbe Rhine
has been completely suspended by Ice.
GREAT FALLS. Mont.. Jan. 2.— J. IL
'Tteeves. a prosperous rancher of the
Hlghwood country, twenty-seven miles
east of Great Falls, tvas arrested in
this city this afternoon on a complaint
sworn out before Justice Descombes in
Belt by George Gould, charging assault
In the second degree, and the arrest
brought to light a sensational whlte
capping story which is so much out of
. the usual run of each procedures as to
be unique.
Reeves was married several years ago
to a young lady of this city, and one
year ago bis wife left him, securing a
Arrest of Montana Rancher
Develops Sensational Story
of Assault and Shooting
WHITECAPPERS
ARE SURPRISED
LONDON, Jan. 2.— The fight for ths
possession of the original manuscript
of -Milton's "Paradise Lost" is be
coming quite an international question.
A report that an American Is prepared
to offer S250.000 for it has created
something akin to alarm. Many are
the indignant correspondents who
•write to the * papers in alarm at the
nation allowing the manuscript to go
to America. It is suggested that, fail
ing in everything else, a national sub
scription of sixpences be raised' to re
tain this interesting relic in the old
country and make it the property of
the nation, beyond the reach of for
eign" curio hunters. . •
American Makes an Offer of $250,000
for the Original Manu
script.
BIDS HIGH PRICE
FOR "PARADISE LOST"
was shot in the left arm and three
others received wounds. The first man
shot was taken to Belt Wednesday and
yesterday arrived in this city and is
now being looked for by the police;
the other three men wounded are sup
posed to be in hiding and Sheriff.Ben
ner and a couple of deputies are close
on their trail.
Ball for Reeves has not been fixed
and he will be held in the county Jail
until Monday, when he will be taken
to Belt for a preliminary hearing. The
only remark made by him when ar
rested was to the effect that Gould had
managed to gather in both his wife
and his farm. and he now desired to
make the Job complete. ;
It is alleged that Reeves took excep
tion to the marriage of Gould with his
former wife and that a number of the
neighbors were asked to Join a white
capping party for the purpose of tar
and feathering Gould. Some of those
approached told Gould of the proposed
outrage, Wednesday night last being
fixed as the time. That night Gould
took a Winchester and a box of cart
ridges and stationed himself in a pile
of logs in front of his. home to await
the coming.
Shortly, after 12 o'clock a crowd of
about twenty-five whitecappers ap
peared and approached the house, and
when hailed by Gould ordered him to
come out or be killed. Gould replied
by emptying his gun into the crowd,
tilling it and emptying It again, firing
thirty-two shots in all.
I The uhitecapperB were all masked
and apparently armed, but evidently
did not expect the shooting, as they
fled in all directions without shooting
back. .In tne first shooting one man
divorce in this town a couple of weeks
ago on a cruelty charge. George
Gould. : a prosperous young farmer,
owned the adjoining farm to Reeves,
and when the wife of the latter se
cured a divorce Gould at once secured
a marriage license and ten days ago
the* couple were wed in Benton.
•• A warrant was secured from Police
Judge Cabaniss yesterday for the ar
rest of Patrick Quinn.a saloonkeeper
at Twelfth and Folaom streets, on a
charge of threats to kill. The com
plaining witness is his wife, Ellen
Quinn, who alleges that on 'New
Tear's eve he grabbed her by the
throat and choked her, at the same
time saying he would kill her yet.
Threatens Ills Wife.
PARIS, Jan. 2.— The total value of
exhibits at the automobile show is
estimated at 20,000,000 francs. - This
does, not include the sum represented
in the outlay for decorations, illumina
tions and advertising. Nor is the mat
ter of great account compared with
the money brought to hotels and other
enterprises in Paris by the visitor!.
Of the 20.000.000 francs fully 50 per
cent represents skilled labor, so it may
be said that the articles at the auto
mobile show indicate that 10,000,000
francs has been paid in wages and sal
aries.
Autos Worth Millions.
NEW'YORK. Jan. 2. — The Finan
cier says: The notable features of. the
official, statement of the New York
Associated Banks last week waa, as
was the case in the previous week, an
important increase in .loans. The
gain in this week was $16,307,700,
against $13,522,500 in the week ending
December 26, 1903, making the total
increase for the fortnight $29,830,300.
This expansion was doubtless largely
due to loans upon corporation account
and such operations may be expected
to continue in the near future. Most
likely the increase In loans to some
extent represented temporary lending
by the banks of the funds deposited by
railroad and other concerns prepar
atory to the disbursement of January
interest and dividends. The cash re
serve of the banks was increased $2,
032 300 net. specie being decreased
$475,000. while legal tenders were
augmented $2,608,300. This net gain
in cash was less by $1,334,300 than
that which was estimated from the
traceable movements of money during
the week. The discrepancy can, how
ever, easily be accounted for by. the
fact that the bank statement included
Thursday's movements, which were
-not embraced in the estimate*. The
deposits increased $20,260,200, which
is greater by $1,920,200 than the sum
of the Increase in the loans and of the
net *ain in cash; the statement is
therefore technically oat of proof. The
reserve requirements were $5,065,050,
and deducting therefrom the net grain
in cash, leaves $3,032,750 and the de
crease in surplus reserves to $9,540.
8*5. computed upon the basis of de
posits less those of $36,767,300 pub
lic funds, the surplus is $18.73S.725.
Circulation decreased $379,000 and the
excess of loans over the deooslts was
$22,391,600. against $16,344,100 in the
previous week. The average daily
clearings t or five days was $228,000,
: 000, or $27,000,000 greater than in th«
previous week. >
Expansion Is Largely Due
to the Heavy Outlays on
Corporation Account Lately
BIG INCREASE
IN THE LOANS
CONSTANTINOPLE, Jan. 2— A rich
American has built a large apartment
house on tha Boulevard Ayaa-Pacha.
and the woricmen were Just about to
finish the roof when the proprietor re
ceived an order from the Government
to stop the work. The secret police
had reported to the Sultan that from
the top floor of this building one could
see above the third wall of the Yildiz
Kiosk and that revolutionists could
study the situation in order to make
an attack. The owner was forced to
tear down his house of five stories and
sell the material. ,
Sultan Dislikes Skyscrapers.
Labor Organizations Select by Ballot
Men to Serve as Officers for .
# Present Year.
i Many elections have marked the last
few days in labor circles. The follow
ing delegates were elected to the La
bor Council:
Teamsters' • Union No. 85— James • Hopkins.
Joceph Engelberg. Frank Hunt. Charles Ab
bott, K A. A. Summers, George Duncan. Jol\n
McLaughlin. Michael Casey, Arthur Brophy and
M. A. Lonpshore; Shipwrights' and Calkera'
Union No. ft? — Edvard Case and E. J. Brown;
Cemetery Kmployes' Union No. 10,634 — John
Ryan \V\ Massie, P. J. Kennedy. L. Use. Os
car Lessor, Peter Callan, M. Burke, T. Bowers.
John Fero and John Grlffln; Boxmakers 1 and
Sawyers' Union No. 152— J. A. Wilson, Wil
liam Minham, William Mclntosh and N. C.
Hasklns; Pattern-makers' League— W. D. Nell
son nn-1 H. Ruehman; Machinists' Union No.
CS — P. J Crowley, James. E. Hooper, J. Men
dia, W. R. Hajjerty. K. I. WIMer. TV. P. De
laney and J. A. Kelly; Street Carmen's Union
No. 20n — Richard Cornelius, J. H. Bowllngr w.
R. Bell. A. Briggs, >A. L. Burroughs, W. U.
Burton J. N. Copu», J. O. Jones, W. S. Shatter
and F. R. Whitney; Janitors' Union No. 10.370
— E. Hanlon and P. O'Connor; Fish Cleaners'
Union No. 11,353 — Joseph Catania"; and Peter
Guimani.
The following unions have elected
their officers for the coming year:
Occidental Lodge No. 65, Helpers* Division,
Brotherhood of Boilermakers— President. J. R.
Mattheson; vice president, James Regan; re
cording secretary, J. C. Troester; business
agent. E. P. Desmond; trustees — Piter Dugan,
V. Mahoney and Thomas Regan; delegate to
Iron- Trades Council — E. P. Desmond, George
Colliris and J. Barnes; delegates to I.&br»r Coun.
ell — E. P. Desmond, Thomas J. Kmery and J.
Barnes; Inspector. Joseph Kennedy. Installa
tion of officers will take place at the next
meetlne. January 12. All members are re-
Questeil to be present.
Awning and Tentmakers* Union No. 1 —
President, John F. Beal; vice president. F.
Behnke; treasurer. Thomas Pemberlhy; finan
cial secretary. Miss Mae McCann; recording
secretary. Miss Lizzie Lang; conductor. H. W,
Miller; warden, F. Tully; trustee*— William
Rolfe, John Samuelson and E. A. ?.I. Gilbert;
delfgatcs to the Building Trades Council— John
F. Beale. H. W. Miller and William Rolfe.
- Pie Bakers' Union No. 274 — President, Emil
Meyer; vice president. Fred Doefler: financial
secretary. \V. Wallace; business mtent. F. Llef
ler; delegate to Labor Council. John Bathman;
delegates to both the Allied Provision Trades
Council and joint executive board— John Bath
man and Emi! Meyer.
MANY ELECTIONS ARE HELD
BY UNIONS OP Tins CITY
When the> inquest is resumed Monday
employes of the Montana Ore Purchas
ing *Company will be questioned as to
their. side of the alleged underground
dynamite battle. All the evidence ad
duced at to-day's hearing would seem
to place the blame entirely on the men
employed by the Rarus Company.
H. V. Winchell, head geologist for
the Amalgamated Copper Company, to
day testified that he had discovered
vast amounts of hay in the "raise" just
above the place where the Amalga
mated miners were working, and this,
he declared/was burned, the stifling
smoke being forced in on the Amalga
mated men to prevent them from, car
rying out the orders of the United
States court in making an examina
tion of the Michael Davitt mine to de
termine how much ore hAS-been ille
gally extracted from . the mine. )
At one stage of the proceedings Coun
ty Attorney Peter Breen and L. O.
Evans, attorney for the Helnze inter
ests, engaged in a dispute which threat
ened to develop into a free fight.
According to the testimony of Super
intendent Adams of the Boston and
Montana Company and Foreman Moul
trop of the Pennsylvania mine, on the
day of the explosion the carpenters
built a heavy door to prevent /access to
tne Pennsylvania from the Rarus, and
the two men who were killed were fin
ishing the Job by calking up the cracks
in and. around this door to keep out
the smoke.
Miners who worked with Dievel and
Oleson testified that from the time the
first hole was j blasted into . the old
workings of the Michael Davitt mine
they were continually obstructed by
men from above, .who threw rocks and
other heavy material down the hole,
besides setting off powder and blank
fuses to scare them from their work.
Many times, they testified, they were
compelled to leave their work on ac
count of the smoke sent down from
above, which blinded and choked them.
. BUTTE. Mont., Jan. 2.— After exam
ining fourteen witnesses this afternoon
Coroner Egan continued until Monday
the inquest over the .bodies of Samuel
Oleson and. Fred Dlevel, who, it is al
leged, were last night killed in the
Michael Davitt mine by dynamite in
the hands of unknown persons in the
Rarus mine.
Witnesses Tell How Workmen
Were Annoyed by Stone-
Throwing and Other Practices
RAKUS EMPLOYES BLAMED
Coroner Holds Inquest Into
Death of Two Men Who .Were
Killed in the Davitt Mine
NO ABATEMENT
OF MINERS' WAR
. . ¦ - - , .--.•¦,¦¦¦.'._
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, JANUARY 3, 1901.
24
More Exciting Than Ever
, in the
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
THE LOVE PROBLEM IN
'•'CRITTENDEN" .
ADVERTISEMENT3.
WE aFm'E'N
TF TOC SUFFER WZOH AXT OFTHB WSAK.
X mt»f» or diseases emoted by Igaoraac* dls.
•ipatloa or ecauzfrc IOO ABE XH* YKBZ
PEttdOX ff» WAM TO TALK TO.
Dr A. J. Short.. L o P . cSl,T»E^?.
We CTBK TOO artt as4 taea *>k • BEIIOT.
¦P<ki «ur woed. Ti«o»«n<;» of patj*ot» kan iZ
ton* M. TOW. WK WA.NT TO CUQK TOU
with tt» «stlaet -ja.j-r.t., <lj a - , a . s w . win i«r
deaiad a FEK cntil *» cure rou.- TWs twilSl
to l/JST MANHOOD. Btofctl Ww2m "SK
ic.torrh-t. VirtcwxU. awaits or tUpioitJL
gland. «naatart3 lottes. gttwbes, &J ,{£.
turf. etc. S73B1I1H «ni ALL "Weaka'sse.*-^
Home treatment cares. Write for trmm
.rmptom 11-t it ron c*nn«t •sUI.Cm?
¦ nltatiun In peraon or by letter trmm,
DRS. SHORES & SHORES.
£/ EXPERT SPECIALISTS? t
»33 Market St., San Francisco, C«J. '
|MnBSSSSBfii<'-** -^«_
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
Kaa science aolved thc problem at last and
robbed nature of her secret? . Tbe above Illus-
tration Is that of. an expert '.rytrs to discern
the ' difference ' between the rennlne and that
phenomenal imitation, the- Sappb- Diamond.
The Sapph- Diamond la so. near a lac simile
of tb« real that It cannot be classed with any
former effort of sctence. Demonstrated and
sold side by side with the senalne. Never sold
under electric light*.
. This rcm Is cut same as the genuine, pos-
«:t r'.r.x a hardnecs which Is a iraarantee of the
retention of it* volume of prismatic fir* and
brilliancy.
Genuine - Diamonds at . Eastern prices.
Largest stock :, of Hungarian and Aufttral
opals cn tbe * Pacific Coast. World's greatest
diamond imitator. .
J.C. DAVIDSON,
Only one store on . the Pacific Coast.
124 Kearny Street.
- Send stamp for catalogue.
r '*'!>*'''- A3JVEB.TISEME1ITS. » J ¦'¦'.¦• ¦¦¦¦¦.¦ -
The Greatest Money SavinS Events Year.
eT begins to-morrow, that great Semi-Annual Clearing Event. For this sale we have made price reductions that will astonish you. It's the great
clearing occasion inaugurated for the immediate disposal of vast lines of merchandise involving practically all of our broken lines of high class
ready-to-wear garments — also all the broken assortments and remnants of every description throughout the store. Every offering is noteworthy —
scan the list carefully and come and participate in the most remarkable values ever known. . vXY^
I trlHIS ADVERTISEMENT TELLS OF ONLY A FEW Of THE MANY GREAT BARGAINS OH SALE THROUGHOUT THE STORE '^^l
Flannel Inductions. Table Linen Reductions. Towel Reductions. - C0MF ,^o R Jrb A »^^ ADS -
,_-,._,.,, __ _ „, _ ,, ,, , »«««;.-»•. 20° comforters, pure white cot- QS5/-»
8c and 10c Onting flannels for 75c Qualify Table unen for - $2.00 Linen Towels for ton . p re "y coverings ooc
S00 cloces heavy and fleecy tennis f—^, SO pieces 68 and 70 Inch, tabh /fO/» Extra heavy, warranted pur* fir 1 Gin Kach.
Manuel. In pretty etripes and check*, in Ov/ Unen. warranted to wear well/ In **Ov linen; size 18x34 tJ>i»OVf 53.00 COMTOKTEBS TOE
pink, blue and i-ra.y; clearance price, Tard newest designs; actual value 75c. Yard. #« nn i« T. -I 1 sl * e> nicely stitched, 4£ I APZ.
Be yard. •, „„ „ ,u * ¦• *%W LlIlCD I0W6IS TOT extra heavy; were $2.00...;.... *>I»ttO
fifl* lit Wftfti Fr»nrfc FUnnftl 51-00 Qmllty Para Linan ICr Handsome damask pattern CO Q5 Each -
bUS All-WOCI rrenCB r«nn6! 20 , ece , ,, t TKf designs, hemstitched; size 20x40 0^6»0«> 83.00 C0UPOBTSB8 PO»
75 pieces of all wool French flan- OCT C i riE h table linen, extra heavy, cholc- t OC „»'...., , , Dozen. Sateen comforters for double fi;4> Off
rt So™^cf<^!'&cVrt.VaS. C e.tde 6 l KM ;»al e pHc.. 75c Tard. 20 C Bath TotreUfor beds; regular vaiue. .3.00.... «>£.4O
25c Persian Striped Waistlngs for Regular $1.25 Table Unen for bi«ched 8x a^d •SSbieTSST'.^ 1 . 1 :. 121c $1.00 bct bp»=a»s pob £
«"ece. extra fla. P " ade flanVe/^ lO^ A wU&W m«. TWn* Ubl. ftO- Each. Our r^ruUr $1.00 grrade. honey- JQ Q
JSS^JS^LSSSiS % 8c l^r 11.75 TAI-Hu*, i """^^Z^Z'^ — ? »"^"«I.1O
nel. in the leading shades, used for *Ot 200 doien of our regular $1.75 &1 s4PZ '•"' 0188$ lOWellng lOr Each,
bath robes aad sacques; to close. Tard. linen napkins, warranted pur* %fim1r%} 200 pieces 10c grade 18-inch f»i n 33.00 BXABSimXiXlS BPEEABS POB
SSo yard. linen, neatest designs; sale price. Dozen. checked toweling, in red and blue U|w Marseilles and honeycomb C1 /IK
75c and 85c lonliy French Flannel for Regular $2.50 Table Napkins for *"* "J£ TlJTrZfZ T "* %^-.-^-*":..™*&£
X beauUfal llc<» of our higrh-cl&ss AQr> 10 ° dozen « xtra flne Quality £?| QR '*-"^ DarnSfBj ITUa TOr §2.80 MARSEILLES QXTILTS POB
fancy French flannel. In richest col- " Ow German linen napkins, 22 Inches C ¦ »«7U 100 pieces all Unen crash. 18 Inches Clf* Extra heavy for double beds; <i£ I QQ
orlngs and designs; were T5c aad Tard. square, very pretty designs; ac- I>ozen. wide, the very best 12%c grade; sale Ow choice designs tJ>I»c/O
ESc. for 4Sc yard. tual value. $2.50. price. Do yard Tard. - < ,• Each.
TREMENDOUS CLEARING OF \ f REMARKABLE REDUCTIONS If TREMENDOUS CLEARANCE
Feather Boas, Ruffs and Neckwear. Embroideries, Laces and Yokings. BLANKETS, SHEETS AND GASES.
S9.00 Father Boas to close at $5.9S each 3O qo yards 1Oc Embrolderlea to close.... 6c yard Some of these Blankets become slightly soiled
$11.50 Feather Boas to close at 36.98 each .._- f — - — ~ — — — r — — — : : ; — * from window displays. That s why you can pur-
MT on Feather Boil to close at «io SO each Z °°° rds 20c Embroideries to close ....9c yard chase them now for less than tho^ original mill
¦!1 el * 1 „ , .,,1^ w 4000 yards 35c Embroideries to close ..820 yard prices. For instance:
$22.50 1-oather Boas to clowe at $15.00 each f mln nr «,,, ,„ « c C n uriiiTr „,,„„,,« rnn
our high-class euffs to CLOSE at halp PRioiJ FOUR GREAT LEADERS IN LACES. on.Jabout E e G o U D aL?e 5 fv 0 fu ? H ii T 4 ? LANKETS F0R
S1.K and $1.50 Neck Ruffs to close at... 65c each Antiques. Filets and VcnlSC tr^tt^Jl^s^jifffl-lS&ta
$1.75 and $2.25 Neck Ruffs to close at 95c each wuny. Antiques, rueis ana vcnisc. under |650 . c i earan j e prlce ......:. *PO Ptir
$3.50 and $4.00 Neck Ruffs to close at. -81.98 each Lot 1— Laces worth up to 25c for 9o yard . QUR REGULAR S9 00 ALL-WOOL BLANKETS FOP
ifrCIWEAB V^E^SI Lot 2-Laces worth up to 45c for .-.-....19c yard Kv^^^!iJS£iihJSSJ^i # =
r.'.c and 35c BtocHw to close at 19c each Lot 3 — Laces worth up to $1.00 for . ...48o yard Bl*e; some of them very slightly soiled; were T^fV*
50c and 65c Stocks to close %t 35c each Lot 4— Laces worth up to $1.25 for 69c yard ' 900: to cIos « at • • • • ¦ • ¦ • • ¦ • • • ; • • • • • • • ; • • • • - • • *K V P»ir
*75c and $1.00 Stocks to close at 48c each $2.00 Yokings to close for 85o yard SHEETS AND PILLOW CASES.
$1.75 and $2.50 Stocks to close at gl.48 each $3.50 Yokings to close for -. $1.48 yard J°° 2 Z " Sheets, size 81x90, worth 65c. for.BOo each
T J L . T J |^200 dz. Cases, size 45x36, worth 15c. for.»10o each
MOST PHENOMENAL PRICE REDUCTIONS IN DRESS GOODS AND SILKS.
W5>SB coming- week, beginning to-morrow, will wltneis here the most remarkable price reduction* In the hi»tory of these departments. The savings are some-
/KJ thing to really marvel at. Greater assortments and larger lines than ever before are represented in these greatest of offerings— all this season's prodnc-
jl*y tions— every yard most now be cleared, no matter the loss.
Radical Reductions in 'Dress Goods, Remarkable Silk Values
50c and 7Sc Dress Goods for $2 Black Silk and Wool Goods for 3000 Yards Colored Taffeta Silks for . . or
25C 50C An .unprecedented offering of .1000 yardV Colored TaffetasVmake 29^
e^ 0^°7^\o b To^r 23^-d SEE? i^»-i't 0? SSi? TaVd^ "ice drop linings; in the leading colors, also white, cream, pink U 7 «
me had at BOc and .oc. to close at., -sc >a. a9 mgh M $2 w . f£)r BOc an( j j hfc bl j d
SLOP and SI .50 Dress Goods for . ;
unprecedented values— About 2uoo QQq $1 BlaCK t Pile EtaSlIlie IOF 2500 Yards 75c All Silk Foulards for «pO
fiTn^s i f nd^NovrfW H pK? I from 1 46 Tard 40-inch aii-wooi black Etamine. fttt r Phenomenal silk values, these— 23-inch Foulards; were 7,c and J J*'
to 50 ir.chcs wide; were 51.00 and fl.60: light weight; the regular $1.00 qual- VJ»OW« $i.oo; in th,e best COlorinRS; to close, 3SC yard. " *d
clearing r»rtce &Oc yard ity; to cloee Tard > oj J
$1.50 and $2.00 Bonify Goods for $1.75 Black ZibelineS for 75c Quality Novelty Corduroys, to close rjr\p
t^ 8 >^iWli«° 0l rUta m Sd- f«cy' 88C Black »tln-flnUhed Zlbellnee, 66 QK r This is tl * k ™? S ° mUch " Sed /o r and Suits, in leadinjf col-
Hc Z r Si M tach" wlde^n Tard Inches wide: extra heavy; if a VOC OTS and dainty designs; to dose, 39 c yard. » V ' Yd
»v, Lt cclorinCT- were $150 and 52.00; silky and very lustrous finish; re- Tard
\? c^\^™: *™*™...^r~i »«!-«. value at 95c a yard R | . T Q ff 0 * Q Qnf l flUph n fl J Q J fl
$2 and $2.50 HoTeltf Zibelines and Mixtures $2.25 Black Fanne Venetians DlduK IdllDld dllU DldutV rcdll UG OOIG
All of our import^ Scotch Mix- <J5 v h , £h black Panne q , «p- 65e Black Taffeta for 44c yd. ' 85c Ptau do Sole for «Sc yd.
kiiS rP^ tbi Tiri Venetians; 54 inches wide; a O^OO $1.00 Taffeta. 27-lnch. for C8c yd. $1.50 Peau de Sole, double-faced. for.SOc yd.
I '^ $^ and a vard-r^Jueedforthiii beautiful black London dye; Tard $1.10 Taffeta.' 23-lnch guaranteed... 80c yd. $1.75 Peau de Sole, guaranteed. ..*1.1O yd.
Tale^ to • ¦ " . "''. . ¦ .?. ?ff;.'.!|l.25 a yard was $2.25; clearance price »1.35 yard $1.25 Taffeta. 3C-lnch. for.. OSc yd. $2.00 Peau ; dp Sole.. 36-lnch. -for.;. gl.3S yd.
Sensational Reductions— Ladies' Suits, Coats, Skirts and Sit Waists.]
In thl« Great Clearance Sale we hare rrouped all of thii Beaaon'* test iityiea and hare made the price* «o ¦enwrtionally low that the swlfteit : ¦eilinar ia
«nra to resnlL We can not quote every Item, but reduction* are general throughout thiii aection. All of our imported molel* are included— they serred their
SSpoVe weS tad now extraordinary effort- are employed to clear the «tock« for new eprinr rood, soon to arrive. . T : ,
%m& WM&& P^^rT-r^ J^^J'^V^^ Phenomenal Waist Bargains.
$ToTnd$ B 22.1o Suits io Close $11.85 ea. »*¦«>,»»« »«>•«> pre.. a»d "¦»*«"* 513 M j litary lts for « jq . $5 and $6 Waists to Close at $2.45 each.
Of etyllsh mixtures broken lines, all of Pklrts y^.»n ea. *¦ - t Broken lines of Peau de Sole, chan^e-
this Beason «i« rn «n^ s^ oo D«. M and Walklne T" 666 . a - r ?« B " k J lned> wlth cape9> a bar " able Taffeta and India Silk Waists, that
this Beas o n - $12.r,0 and $15.00 Drew and alkin^ ra , n at $ - 50 each B0 , d fts h , gh |6#0o _ to cloee ..^.45 ea
s « tf «Ji° »Jl5 1 2. t lhXi e £ c ..;;.,:::::^fe^: w f f 2 M f» tots c '» w» •* i n 8 m m* te » 3 .9 5 e*
fecte rare value. ¦ ¦ Ellk-llned Military Coats, with Capes. T * .
?»»n J eoc U n. C™U. (., «10 QR >« Other* at $13 .50, f 17.45 and $24^0 to close . A great assortment of Peau de Cysrne.
$30 2nd $35 liOYeltj SllltS tOr 5l3.0& ea. WO rth double. eon fll1( i R o 7 eft n«, fs r n . i-iC nn M .i. P«-a« de Sole and Crepe de Chine Waists—
Long and short effects in mixtures and - =========== __ === _ ==a=s==a = = ====3j | *M °^ $Z/.OU tOaiS IOF $10.UU eaCD. were $7.00 and $8.00— to close at..$a.5>5 ea.
chevkits — great value. II ruriTrn iiminr> Fitted and box styles Novelty Coats — «n t n c<n et\ chv m,i n t» /.. «e«e u'
$40 and $50 Dress Suits for $29.75 ea. THEATER WRAPS. mi at «ir,.oo each/ $9 to $12.50 Silk Waists for $5.95 each.
Filk lined throushout-Etamlne." Broad- In white. Black and Evening shade.. $2.00 W03l and GhCYlOt WclStS 95C dCh. r*£™ ken ni ,"l** in , hi £ h , c \$ sa , \ Creoe de
ISooo'JS SoSa* hl6U Cla * 8 eUltS ~ Were reduced from 25 to 35 per cent. Broken llne8 of thls ee<l8on . 8 WaJrts _ «? value^to P C TSief e yo5r%toTcS t^f""ff. t
J4O co ana *ju.uu. " " great variety to select from, were $2.00, .- f5.05 ea.
S^JfXJSSSg-** EIDERDOWN ROBESandSAGQUES "'^ gjf^SMS » wo «* *™ «* * l| «i
Petticoat bargains. They are somewhat $1.50 and $1.75 Sacques for OMc ea. ¦ • Our broken lines of French Flannel.
. hrcken In .ine*. but you will be able to J2.C0 and I2.C0 Sacques for »1 .4., ea. All there «»"» of these C\f)C\ If Wool. Crepe and Cheviot Waists, that were
find fllmost every E hade-*re made of the M.r.0 F.lderdown Robes for J2.OS ea. high claes and very choice \ JU, |0 $3. 75.. to cloee at .......fl.48 ea.
. b«=t Taffetas. $5.00 & $6 Eiderdown Robes for.$3.U8 ea. Crepe de Chine dresses tl hat QJ J E M h ... „„„.,, , *'*, nB ¦¦¦
£5£SffiSSfS£ISSS: P.nR'sFTS AT HALF - d -^^> a -" * «• -*-»S- $5 to $7 Waists for $3.65 each.
112 50 I i k ptJSu w SSS 5t 5?*J*O it bUniCIO Ml nHLr. throughout and are beautifully trimmed Our Novelty Waists of fancy Vestjngs
$T.r,r> Mercerized P-ulcoats ....Toe ea. $3.00 and $3.50 Corsets at flJJO ea. with wood fiber lace and French Knots and French Flannel, that were' $5 00 to
J2 . 50 Mercerized Petticoats ....fl.50 ea. $1.50 and $2.00 Corsets at OSc ea. and fine tucking— to close $30.75 ea. $7.00, now ;jjt3.«3 ea
RxhhnnRnrtfnin^ Unli8rwear and Hosieryi Lining Clearance Trimmings and Notions
ixlUuUll Dul guiiio g o » s i 35 C underwear for 1 9c Each. . • MaBV Iots of Trimmings wm be
• wo pieces No. 5 all silk Taf-1 S'l>£ ' Jp " ey Rlbbed shlrts «" n ' %!? 1200 yards Dress ' Lino c=^ "**5 T 7 °\ to ;, morrow morning at
feta Ribbon. 1 inch wide. In ! O3C made, finished seams ano durable garments, j broken lines, worth V OC astounding reductions, as follows:
all the best colorings, were f all Bizet, to close lUc up t0 15c yard; to c i ose . J ya rd 0 r / r C r inA-lQ- QQ« * ft QQa uorJ
Udles' Wool UBderweu-. 5.0c Each. \{ 2 \ Oc, 19c, 33c to 98c yard.
5C <Jf Sh^-^.bbed^oo, a Ve-ts. per- S>C DfeSS MdS fOF 16C P^
"5S %^ %&r™^.{ tt iS.«cS : Kn^h? wc rt uup,o 2 oc;toci« S ej y ar d | Oc and 12^ c Binding Rlbftoii, 5c pc.
Batla end Gro» Grain Rib- |<~|^ UtlleS Ull Oil illltS lOF OUC EaCll, 900 V ardn Sateen andT H!i> Dakd PmW f.r T« I «
2f& "» 20c 7o COc yard. J Yard Kg, „ wide, worth up}. yard - Hump
S VEILING CLEARANCE. | Jf«^ 2 £*5L fc U ?£ p £u «• ~- n25c Ladles' 60c and 85c Belts for 39c ea.
agr g Sg'^ e >a"a?^g5te«-a^::SSS 1 f^^..T?rr..'^.!^r:.~:.fff..T^5?-^g er 1 ! 0 ?oc n8 and a 6oc r r k fo?l y?d Ladles' 25c Supporters. 16c pair.
Immense Clearance of [ country ouders receive projui attention. TWO Remarkable
FANCY SILKS %*jf& & .- \/ mm^^^^ CLOVE BARGAINS.
r n G Thcy are brokcn iines « but thc bc#st
Cr*pf. Louirlr.e an3 Hclrc Sil'its. In ¦! II *f |F*"Hli >um f m* \* vasir WST S^S&V graaes we carry
richest ecler corr.blr.ations. suitable w w Ti d^^ L~..ii , . ¦¦¦n m hi iV'^^ , ' ¦ *.
S5na! a 83b S? B&^Wie be^in- 45 dozen $1.25 Gloves for 6oc pair.
ning Monday 5Oc yard Or . . ." 55 uozen ?I.5O Gloves for q.SC pair.,.
. — ¦ : __,— •
ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦
P. F. NOLAN, PRESIDENT
OF NOLAN BROS. SHOE CO.,
RETIRING FROM BUSINESS.
ENTIRE STOCK
OF HIGH-GRADE SHOES TO
BE CLOSED OUT
REGARDLESS OF COST.
THE STORE WILL BE
CLOSED MONDAYTO MARK
DOWN PRICES.
Sale Begins Tuesday, 10 a.m.
DON'T BE AFRAID OF A
CROWD, AS OUR STORE IS
LARGE AND WELL VENTI- *
I.ATED, WITH ENTRANCES
. ON BOTH MARKET AND
\J r Pi. XV IS. tit Li Li O 1 XVXjXLi 1 O.
20 EXTBA SALESMEN WANTED DURING THIS SALE.
PHELAN BUILDING,
812=814 MARKET ST. 9=11 O'FARRELL ST.
SrrlJ AS 1 HiS WrrK
I ' 'IA n/ TilCrAITMT
'Zl)%»faM8liJlM I
On all Bed Sets bought on or before
/^s I Birdseye Maple, Ha-
1^^^^^^,^. hbgany* Golden and
Our assortment of par- \&^^^^^^^^^j^£^- v .^?-^\
lor goods, cdd pieces, g^^^^^^^^p' ~>?V^m^ v :JU
carpets, draperies, din- QT^. ]&
dally selected. Call and look over stock "»--""
and see how much you can save by baying I ;
your goods from us.
"LITTLE-AT-A-TIME PAYMENTS."
The J, Noonan Furniture Co.
. IOI7-IO23 MISSION STREET. ABOVE SIXTH.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 3, 190*.
25
a* ' -.»>¦.. »»..».>.....,.>,.,
*' We have again secured Dclorme' s world-famous painting, "Thi Blacksmith,** which for a limited time, beginning Monday, will be on frsc cxlii-
»° bit on {during business hours) in our" Art Room on second floor.' It is one of. the most marvelous of modern paintings, and is valued at $50,000.00. ' ; ..
i sho f pt nt sn Lo Jlv a t nd S IS e irs t of series of remarkable sales scheduled to take place, in , The Emporium in January. I chiidpe»'»6hortj
i SS^'jS^ whh Thousands of muslin, cambric and nainsook garments, the product of several Tof the best factories in America
| — high grade materials, expensive trimmings, each garment cut full size and perfect in every respect; on sale, it^Z^^-JlZ
| bS'SSvSSp"^ beginning Monday, at such extraordinary prices as the sample values quoted below are marked: y £ e 3S 6 montlM
j . -Read These Descriptions— Inspect the Goods— Marvel at the Prices value, ..'..'. 72c
X Corset Cover 88c rhi^tii ««X Th! B <5ir*-* qo- fnu , n flSp nrnw^ns RS- Pnln Cnwet Cove s iSc TW«F"ne Great Value Corset Covsr 21c $4.50 Cambric Corset Waist 38c
{ Petticoat $2 38 Chcmiss 98c Ths Sk rt 98c Gown 98c Drawers 88- Pair Corset tovc s 48c Gown 68c Gown $1.28 Drawers 48c Skirt $3.38 Petticoat $1.88
I Petticoat Bargains Corset Cover Bargains Bargains in Gowns Drawers Bargains Chemise Bargains
»: Ladies* Cambric Petticoats — * different styles, Corset Covers — Ladies' fitted cambric corset covers, Ladies' Muslin Gown — Surplice style, with 4 rows Ladles' Umbrella Drawers— Deep cambric flounce. Ladies* Chemise — Of fine muslin, gathered full
£ hemstitched, lace or embroidery trimmed, with with pearl buttons, sale price Qq of" embroidery and fine tucks finished with cambric wide hemstitched hem, sale price, only . . . "§Qq round neck, finished with torchon lace insertion
£ flounce and duit rufflr; sale price. .... QSC Fitted Corset Cover— Round Neck, embroidery ™®e'> «' c P» cc 58C Ladies' Umbrella Drawers— D«P lawn flounce, and edge 4Sc
J! Fine Cambric Skirt— Deep lawn flounce, with trimmed, sale pricc I2C Ladies' Gowns— Fine muslin; 2 styles; V neck, em- cluster fine tucks and lace edge, sale pricc. . .33C Ladies' Chemise— Of fine muslin, with wide cm-
& cluster of tucks, deep embroidery flounce and dust Co rse t Cover — Full front. !o w « ck » lace trimmed, broidery trimmed; square neck, trimmed with fine Ladies' Umbrella Drawers — 1 2 «ylcs hemstitched broidery insertion and edge; a remarkable
J. ruffle; sa'e pricc SI. 18 pearl buttons, sale price 18C torchon insertion, lace edge; sale price . . . S3C lace or embroidery, trimmed, sale price . . . 4SC value at the sa!e P ricc S&G
% Fine Cambric Skirt- -Deep lawn flounce, some Cambric Corset Cover— Full front, round neck, Ladies' Gowns— 20 different styles; fine muilin, Ladies' Umbrella Drawers— Of fine cambric, lawn Ladies' Chemise— Of fine cambric, round neck,
V with wide embroidery ruffle, others with torchon w jd e torchon lace insertion and lace edge, cambric and nainsook; hemstitched, lace and cm. flounce, trimmed with fine embroidery, sale price. . with yoke of. pretty VaL lace iastnioa and beadinj, OQ
\ lace insertion and edge; sale pricc . . . $%.3Q , a ! c price 3&C broidery trimmed; high neck, square neck, Empire . . QQ G e^w.thdainqr ribbon.; sale pr.ee only. . . &&C
$ Fine Cambric Skirts-Full flare flounce of ,awn. Corset Cover-Fine cambric and nainsook, .2 differ- »tyle. and low round neck; wonderful values at the pine Nainsook Drawer s-Umbrella style, UI SS^7^^^^m'Z^' Ool
a' Ucc iasestkw and edge, or with wide all-orer embroidery ruffle, ent styles, V neck, round neck or square neck, all full front, sale price; eacn 98C With dainty lace or embroidery trimming, sale price *>!e price
X »-:d» cust rufle underneath, tale price with Valenciennes, torchon and embroidery trim- Fine Cambric Gowns—Square and high neck, with ; . OQq Ladies' Skirt Chemise— Of nainsook, with pretty
X ,'¦'¦./-¦',','• a' * J! ming, Uie prce . . . *rr«»«* 4 rows of all-pver embroider/ and clusters of fine tif fO ' ',' ' " , n * n 0! r> lace or fine embroidery trimming and neatly fin- -^ — ***»
jj Oiher beautiful skirts at $2.18, $2.38, Other pretty styles, now 68c, 88c, g8c^ tucks, fin shed with ribbon, sak price * lfl ° Other pretty styles 98c, $1.18, $1.38, ished with ribbon, sale price §1.33
x $2. 7«y, ,$2.98 and upwards. $/./8, $1.38. ¦ Other styles at $1.48, Si. 68, $1.98, $2.18. $1.78. Many other styles at $1.68, $1.98 and tip.
* <s£b@> Lamps, Crockery, Bric-a-Brac, The First 1904 Rug Sale ilp^T]
t (fiSSP% 118/ 14 Off, Beginning Monday r k These Remarkable Values Begm Monday MW^
k V' A •?• i\ * /• "-^ rO "V\^ For the tame quality of goods, we b;!i:ve these prices have ncvir been equaled in San Franc sco. Compare tnem with other quotation?, /la vS&
*. \ x [¦ 1 l',^"/ \ S[t t I Choice of any fancy lamp in our itock — more than Choice of any gas reading lamp, regularly J:. 15 to bearing quality in mind, and judge for yourself. /^J1\i]ct M^!'
% £* I -^'*^'^\ V tl '*S^ C * W 150 diffrrent styles to telect frcm — regularly $1.50 to $1 2.40, beginning Monday, one-quarter off. B-st quality all-wco! Smyrna Ru^s— Tne crlebratrd Kashmir Rugs — Suitable for parlors, dining rooms, (
a U I v^P^" * V? — r-JYvl \& !f35^ Ji 7- 50 each, beginning Monday and until further no- Choice of all the Decorated China Vases, Oriental 9x12, regularly for $22*85 bed rooms and libraries, sze 9x12 feet, rrgularly $12.50; an ex- . /%ffioj)SS%~^^^"^
\ <J I *'^i f fe^P^?arG^^i^7^ tice af OnC-quarter* Off* bric-a-brac vases, all the new thapes and styles, regular-' 36-inch, regularly J4. 00, for .... . $2.5* cepticnal bargain at $1Q.O
? L - '^%- ' i~"\ * * «'<«~~^ / Choice of all the meul lamps, regularly $5.25 to ly $ i. 00 to 515.00 each, beginning Monday, at one- 26-inch, regularly $2.00, for S1*25 Remnants and Short Cuts of Carpets j^^— -—^--^^^^^gg^^fBfNffly^^^^^^^Sj'
k - V :^ "<vt Jl^ J \ / 511.50, beginning Monday and until further notice at quarter off. 18-inch, regularly *i. 10, for 7 5O made into rugs; siz:s from 1 "4X3 fe;t to 121 *^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^JI^^^**^~-^
% \-^t ~ ll $&i J ' ! Sr N. jy one- quarter off. • 40 Styles of Decorated Chamber Sets, ranging in Imperal Bigelow Axminster Rugs— »5 f=«; made of carpets worth from 75c ,^^^^^^^y^^^a/^v^S!^A^"-'*--JjJ
* •^jjr Choice of an electric reading lamp, regularly I6.50 to price from $2.40 to $22.50, beginning Monday, one- 36x63 inch, regularly J6.50, for $4m5O to J2.25 the yard; on fale no* at from * "^^^^^^^-"C^^yrg^^r^^
t J^-* 9 525.00, beginning Monday, one-quarter off. quarter off. 36x72 inch, regularly J7. 56, for '. . . .$& 51 one-third to one-half (he regular prices. . . t-tB^^^^" '
&; I • j • ' ¦
\ Giearance SaE& Suits, Cloaks, Furs San Francisco 9 s Greatest Annual Sale of
X An a r -j:r--it;on < f hundrece of this season's most stylish and fcrtt telling garment*, tcgethfr with i choice »t«ortment of reliable fun, ff tf -t, — — ». jj. M-n j-r. ffa-9 H £t**s*-± m+t TTtr* St\f3*\. aflili m m
V r.ozL- reduced f torn a quarter to less tha n half original prices, constitutes th'.s the mosi important ule of its kind in S»n Francisco. fc^SJ^**\^^»SSBt ; \ mmOUSGtMOBiB BmBffB&MM O 4j/BS£iaV£t2SaZjr &S> B HJ~0wi€]>MM^Owf
v But j few items can be told cfin the limited tpacc at our eispeial to-day. • f^f^J >^ sSta^ And wiI1 *P lendidl y demonstrate the unsurpassid resources cf our great main floor department for the sals of all kinds of domestics. Three
\ $3Qe00 SliltS j $17m50m Evening DreSSeS Biff Flit* RedUCtfOnS jCkL/J SgSS\p/ have been sharp advances in the prices cf every sort of linen and cotton fabric during ths past year, and yet you will find that our sale pricei
£ 75 New Jaunty Suits, exactly as snown in Clearance inducements btfore bventory — Our entire stock ot beautiful and thorough- ifSa ,^&P^^ areju.t as low as thos: oif last January, and varietiei here as nowhere else in San Francisco.
£ ..lustration, the demi-*kirt blouse ca ? e stvle, 5<> handsome costume. for afternoon and cren- , Uable Fur , now reduced to j ce , likc >T^^ /tiEy* \\ ' TOWO/S Damask PatCcm CiOthS Crrman make. Regularly $1.75 dozen,
•. . , ,. , ln P wear at very tp:cial prxti. Every piece * ' JA, %ri&K /jfflfS > l\ \ _, . sale price *;# OO
% at a spring of almost half over regular price. ordered is in firu-cla-s condition. Thi. is not a^^^k fW/T*X U \\ Bleached Hemstitched Huck Towels, 22x4* Bleached, handsome patterns, Taned "sortm.nt: $ bleached" Damask 'Napkin, Vofw
k - One of cur best New York manufacturers a sale cf soi'ed or damaged goods, but cf the £9. 00 Black Coney Capes now . .$6m00 li^PsliP% [ I /**^Jr*FVV& inchts, colored borders, regularly $3.50 $15° ili • S>1*t 2 S 500 s.zc . $2.*.8 ir.chts, now, dozen . ' $1m88
£ wished to make a dean sweep of h.s stock, best- the very best. " $13.50 Nearieal Capei now ... *fl.00 //TTSfe^ \I rr#Y)X\ dozcn ' SiIe pri "« " ch ' * ' ' 22 >- <O t''^' 5 !" ' f'%6? .3-25 ! j« • $ 2. 38 $ b: ' Mche j DjmiJ fc ' N 'apkini, 24x24
r :iou,to'be g ,n,gworkon his or- 5 o Wool Seal Capes $ ,7.50 AWf A^f \\ " ' ' $M * .£$£. -^ J* JJ^J
J. ders, ,0 accepted our extreme^ low offer for dc \ igned ij^^ ,„ tlffeta no i «2 7 . S o Electric Seal J.ckeU . . $18. OO J IMF^ W\ N }, \\ now each ........... 9O Table Damask S nowdoxen S2 38
a; t.^ese 75 iu:ts. As the p cture rhows, it it $45. OO $ 60.00 Nearseal Jackets. . . .$40*00 t.H^^^I ffl A il j /) White Linen Huck Towels, heavy quality, 60-inch Bleached Irish Table Damask. Reg- _ ' 4h
£ one of the prettiest cf recent models. It is f 85.00 and $80.00 Crepe de Chine Dresses, «9e 00 Persian Lamb Jackets $62 50 S^^C^\ r! **~ TK^V^ hem Cndl> co '' orcd bordcrs - Regularly u'arly 45c yard, sale price . . . . 38O MJamaSK GlOtilS
% rr.ac, cf handsome mixt.rr. aid medium mix- in ht blue " d whitc . now red ""i, t0 - « *io!co Isabella Fox Bcas . . ." ' $7.00 W~*mik^ II W8$ J1.50 doren, sale price, each . . We 69-inch Bleached Table Damask, _rme sarin $i. 7S hemstitched Damask dothi-aae U
a' . . $68 50 * 5 9**uu S^^^WXl HiW:' JSe9wI'- White Linen Huck Towels, 19x40 inchts, finish. Regularly 90c yd., sale price. 63c "i "Iver bleached, price now, ot..$f a 28
V tu- Z.:be.:nr, :n b.ues, grays Uns, grcrns and Jj, 5 . co whit; Cloth Dre-s, a beautiful ere- * l8 - 00 Sib:c Fox Bo " now • • $12.00 fej^JflllL IjF'^^^A^ v "y h:av y < 5 u * Iit - v ' hemmed end3 - Re S u " 64-inch B!each:d Table Damask. Regularly $32.75 whit: hemstitched Damask Clothi-
k ress, verv artis.icalir trimmed w.th contrasnng ation, only one of thij style, exclusive, new $35. co Sable Fox Boas now . . $23. OO V^^^I^VS^ V**^^\\\ larly $2.25 dozen, sale price, each . .|5o -75 C v JrJ , !aIe P ric = 59c size Sx 12, sale price, each.. . . S2.O8
% :'-''- - . vc ' vrt anl fc . r * ld - Coat is taffeta price tj eff.-ct immediate clearance . * . ... - . _»*»»-.« ft-^.^1 %M jl^^V I ' 1^35^4 V White Linen Huck Towels, with hem ends 72-inch Bieachid Table Damask. Regularly $ 1.25 fringed Damask Cloths, bleached, plain
* .. --•^ «>«ep-la>«« ' k « :« $65. OO WSIStS BMI SMrtS . JK^^^^^^^tl \\ ' and neat r=d bord:rs - Regularly Sl.*75 Si. 00 yard, sale pric- 82c white or with colored borden, now, each
* TOvtttrimm:. ... Manv ether handsome Crepe de Chine ani «, ac Mercerir-d and Flanncletre ' /(fvtMhVffttlMl^^'^^fl R* rk dozen, now each f^C 72-inch Bleach. d Tab'e Damask, heavy satin • Q8C
* Remember omy 75 cf these, beginning to- Fancy Dress Gowns, ranging formerly up * 'J. OjKi / IW\\ 1 V I\1^S» \ \l\ White Huck Towels. 19x42 inches, damask finish. Regularly * M o yard, sile price. . Jr. 50 bleached, fringed Damask Cloths, plain
X morruw and white cuan- „ f nQV/ $115.00 * V ' A T ' *u V * w • <W? /llIHlu\I«Q^^f/ U \\ borden. Regularly $3. 50 dozen, now each , . . 96o \ white or with colored border,. Sale-price,
* J^tV- 1 \r' 7 'rP Gnat RanaiWl 5 o and $3.00 Heavy Cotton Waisu now JJ |TOM V^Q^lf J f \\ ,\\ . ...'. 2 *9O 72-inch Bleach.d Table D.mask, exquisite each 5/.^
J. Eton Walking Suit.— Mixtures and chev- 1*031 UargaiitS $1.35 M\\ \\\\\ WW j»9SW /— v.1 V\ White Huck Towels, 20x39 inches, hemmed «»»« fi«th. Regular va'.u- 51.50 yard. $ 2. 00 white German Damask Cloths, whipped,
a* , lots - - • • * •••.-• • \S14-.O5 512.50 Kersey Coat now . . . .$4*95 ii.eo AH- Wool Walking Skirts, 7-gore flare. *M3Us&^iS4^«^^' / jr * /Iwmrib \&,O ends, some plain white, others colored bor- ' sale price ; . . .$/.O8 fringed with open work borders. Sale price.
V f47-5°Long Coat ZibelJie Suits^now re- 5i 3 -5° to j 18.50 Kersey Coat. . .$8.25 ox f 0 rd, »nd stripe. «, fi o ffZ2lk V^ ders. Worth S3.00 dozen. Worth now LitiCSt Napkins each • • -5/;45
*: , "'"I" S29.5O «21. 50 to J25.00 Kersey Coats. $12.60 t . 'u- Z' ' I ". * f 2mGO lH^^^PS 5^ V >%S>^ each. . . . fGC Bleached Damask Napkint, 20x20 inches. J2.50 wh:t= German Damask Cloths, whip-
» < 9 o and $100 Long Coat Su:a, now reduced $3 3. 50 to $45.00 Kersey Coati. $17.50 *M° Walking Skirts, checks and mixtures, g^Mfm\J^^ X^J^, ftp J; White Turkish Towels, fringed, heavy, 22x Regularly 51.85 dozen, sale price.^f.Jff pee frnge, with open work borden. Sak
IT t0 $57.50 I50.00 and $60 MiTtary Coats . $32.50 7-gore flare, now $3*95 " +a ; n Worth $2.40 doz., noweach../5o Mercerized Napkins, 20x20 inches, heavy price, each . $f.yff
I Thousands of Yards ot I Sale Broken Lines Clothing Big Special Sale Hats— Men's
i tJ^/Ufi!/ BSBC^SS Our he2v y sales " nce the opening of the winter leaton have almost cleaned out some 20 different lines of Men's Clothing, leaving us in no /P^>«»^>^
a° «»___ •«*"*%F "¦»«»^*»«» instance more than 35 suits or overcoats of a kind. To finish seUing these different lines at once we begin to-morrow a sale of these garments . «C8bM*3 DUjJ&
J? TSjl^s52|3?1 jAf LeSS Than Half marked at prices like the following: ' 1 1 .mMlaA^ MVc^n/i
t • I of the Regular Values «P? Men of lir s c proportions »*•// find u to their advantage to attend this sale, as there are a uur annual ciean~up saie ot lvien s ana
i MMm.. I Thi, is an offering of 8 omc of the m 0S : desirable wash 1^ """* la '*' Si= % f *T £°A°^"^Vx'n'h C U *O *n B ° yS ' Stlff a " d S ° f t HatS and CaP$ be " f 1
i iP&Bm IaC " l^ VCni " b^r d8 ' f " S " d mcd »! li0D »' th « VL : Made of high J^^^^lJ^MZ both the rngle g'nS On Monday. MmP^^>
* J^1^V--N$3 were shown this season. i\o: a piece in the collection but ftfw/- and doub!e breasted styles, up-to-date in cut, guaranteed perfect 0% EZtTh st? ==^ Men's Derby Hats— Black and brown, all good ihapes, not all s:zcs jr I^Lj^y£i- aM= ~*S»'
% ffiW^-^n what is now less than half price, and much of it H not more ||f f\ fitting, ths broken line sale price, only *P<E?a%&IUi /%w£$Si\ in each style, but your size in some cf them; the regular 52.50 V*^^**^
\ wfflm *%. ° D: - q " rKr oforigi "' /?'•¦• ' il'JLx $16.50 to $20.00 suns $t3.as - »1 SSf^S^'tr!'.".' 1 .''.":
k" W^Rft'^V'v-'l I Tn: assortment includes Point de Pans, Normandy Val. and imitation Ji;//// W llhiacL \ Double and single breasted Suiti of finest fancy worsteds, Scotch cheviots, tweeds, b'ack A > I ,. , c n h d , t . • , , j. . ,,
» •esAg^iSJ Torchon laces, in different widths, such as are used for trimming under- /»/>,': *V*^W Thibets, black unfinished worsteds and blue serges, all extremely well km . %c^k Men S Soft HaU-B.ack, brown nutr.a and pear], odd sizes, scd
* %' :^ :: V wear and all sorts of wash materials. The Venise bands and medallions M'fjWm^^ made and cut in this season's newest styles, broken line sale price, only SI 3. 85 elsewhere at our regular price # 3 .oo, cleanup safe «&Hgpj2**^ |k
Jl are uiei for trimming dresses and for making those new stocks and cottar* /4'w'iili ™PffF*\ &12.5O and &15.OO Ol/»l«eoa/« £9 SO P " CC 9lmOU W^
5 n °: iOmUChwOrn - • I /9m\cW^\ A.l-woo.?xff%Ta^^ Boy,' Soft yt^Bhek^, brown, pearl and. nutria, either bound of
* Every pattern is pretty and de,!rab!e. We Juve divided them into three fe*|A l lengths. Plenty of the new belted back coats in fancy mixture! that are / %M w »th raw edges, regu.arly 5 1.35, sale pnee 95O /T . \
J! t^-v:i5p^S^ lots, and beginning Monday, will tell them at: MM 10 popu'ar this season. ' The broken line s»le price, only &9*5G( jV^T White Sailor Caps-Slightly soiled, regularly 51.25 to $1.75 each, &? a
t' SO— Worth UD tO 25C a yard. \ l\ -| ¦ «V"n« shoulder,, some with belted backs. The assortment include* the finest and most . 1J L d. S htly tarn.sheJ, therefore we offer these J1.50 and |2. 50 cap, -*«Ci!5^gJ
*i Sales table, main aisle. 1 \ \\ I popular overcoat material and they arc indeed great bargains at ths OtS ' \p v / / "* *
* ' 1 « to\ I broken line «a!e price . . . . '. . . . 9*viOv 1 / A// J ""~"™~*^i^ I «»a^«^~™ 111 ™™™""™™^ *
t Veiling Sate Stirring Offerings \ II ancf £4.00 Trousers $2.65 ii/W MiihnBPV M BSSff^
| 25O, 35C, 50C Olia/lYfes GrOCerM—LlqUOrS. I I • F- fancy wonted, in nch dark colorings, all well made and perfect fitting,^^ ffff If £ e is Than Half M *»*§/ &*"**
i +£+^ \r^ m Best Hams — Eastern Sugar I ft |. Boys' Clothes That Wear, at Real Economy Prices ¦¦¦-W -W . To Close at Once "-m '' *&£**—.
* EmC W *3Jr*£iB Cured, Monday Only, 4 ]J§0% 1^.1 WS Youths' Long Pants Suits— The famous Oregon blue cheviots ot wh.ch we have said so *** f\ trimmed and ready-tO-\Vear £%3 rSj ffffrf|tS
, ,, IK A* TT& Lf VJ many thousands in the past six years and which we positively guarantee are the best made M r*^^. Li.,*- :^ «.,, r^;!!:.,^^ . » **"* *•*'
» Many hundred yards Ot dotted Solp-Krk'i White Ru«sian, o'd and hard, Jr Wh for our regular price. Orher store, ask $6.50 and I 7 ,oo; we uy for age, n "to 19 year,, B HatS HI OW millinery department
•* Tuxedo and black and white «5s cis-where at 5 c ; here Monday and Tuen &* ™ com P lete *"« • • . . ... .... ... . .$5.00 (9 must be disposed of at once. To Beautiful $1.00 Loulsines
•Jf mixed Veilings; also an assort- -9 b'™ 5/.OO; 14 ban SQc. mm „ „ ' ef/ect thls quick clearan cewehave * m^ -.
I Hurt Books at Hatf or Less 39c Yard
Z ' / ' ,i Z I e WOrin regularly and Tuesday, bcttle 700 The Books that were mussed during the holiday 1 u»h. And there are hundreds of them that received more handling than they should ' ,' *.*¦-•* ' <f j
k . 35C and 50C per yard, go Prunes— Extra Sanu Clara, 30 to 40; Monday hlTe hld « These are marked at such absurdly low prices that they will undoubtedly »U be sold within a week. - o nn \n c'n '(iifl'n T- 1 Be2innin2 MOIldaV We
6 On Special Sale in main _ _^ and Tuesday, 3 lbs 26O The *»oitment indades books of travel, essay,, poetry, art, science, standard lets, bibles, chldren'a booki and fiction, all at about one *o.00, $9.50, > 11.00 Trimmed „ o t> "i*u«
t <Me bt-cinnin^ Won- bR&* Kont Colfee-Our Hawaaan blend; Monday half and somt less than half of the regular prices. Hats.now. . . . $4.50 Oner a Very large pUrCnaSe
X dav' -it *V«T and Tuesday, lb • • • . . .... . tBO In «>«&««« &« we hare about iooo of the popular book, that came to us In a slightly damaged condition, that we sill regularly 1"*%^ $12.50, $13-50. $15-00 Trimmed Of the DODUlai* and Stylish
* > » L Best Carolina Rice— 3 lbs 2SO a t J1.08 md 5l. 20 (a few of thi titles of which we give below) and all now marked . . .... ....... VVU u, k nrt ,,, C/? *T/> T „ ;.; - Q^t. »K,» «•» .« «,r,^K «..^
g — Oyster.-NewYorkd.oice;!-., xtin.25O A M«'. Wora.n. by Frank Norri S . Fortune of Oliver Horn, by Smith. Marietta of the AV> 8 t. by Hls«i»on. v J 7 \ ' ' * i , w . • u7 r U1 "° C Sui», that «re to machnsed
- ilPtt IT B K. ' S* — Tfrjni Western «ar Corn Kew pack- tin 1On McTeacue by Frank NorrU. letters From Self-made Merchant to Hit Boo. The- Two Vanrevels. by Tarkinston. YOVr ChOICC 01 any model Hat in this 'or shirt waist SUUS and waists, at a
t ZrnSSBBieS 3SC A.tiCl.miE.mubl.wJi^.on.'.a"? S^ff^iSSSuJ" 1 - SSfK"w "iii^"'^^^.*"- aaS.n.V.'^XPV.'SS.ni. de pa rtmcnt-(There is still a good little m,r= than o:ic-tkird of thrir
It Solo Monday Only 1 "^ U-^ l igX 0 "a &argw -.». h,.^^ g. rt r fe by gJ- TO^ ., h^ ThHotb^ t h if h',
| About 1000 yards only of all-wool fT?^ ."ami N.UtV* .*£. ft^^«» S*" -T^ V *rT/hi5! "^^^:$W'i0'O .»a dark ground,- F «t,r W, L
a* rrencll C^hallieS, 32 inches Wide, Gin— Geneva Red Cross; large bottles . Q5o c.-nJ.rJ A»1a« «f ffy- " R S^ : ¦ ' & :H i \. r^V,;M^=r,»c ~~ t " »;,u> ro .~A. r *«- Stripes.
i- These^soods make verv Sv Oo L d St i Ch.mp. S n,- B ;« ic m t 4'.«», M r * J S- 00 - °° %&ffl i°Jt t/tfL/* JUtLAdAlTl Ea 6 ii.h .peaking Sl.50 and 51.75, now .. 65o inche, ¦ wide. ih« i. r« ? :«rly wid
* ' «! ™ ifi™ . ,. -27 ? 4 ,*«'O ;P""SOo. special sale at 08^^-^ M Mirll/ WrWV'BM l_-_ „„?,„ b y p au | In connection with thi. »le we n» e in- it Jt.oo p:ryard. To-morrow
| ; S&^S2Ki£j${s ""^ 57.50 >.nr^., r. t^ T B . „•„ c^ .gjUl^l^^.t^.Vj, and wU'e ,u.nth 7 Urj. . ,N™BERKELEY, Jan. ,2. — Mrs. Pearl
Wunderlich, a sister-in-law of Mrs.
Fred - F. Connor, wife of the City
Trustee; her 10-year-old child, Helen
Wunderlich, .and her father, Harry
Danner, were among the victims of
the Chicago disaster. Mrs. Connor
received word yesterday from her
brother, Harry Wunderlich, that he
had recovered the bodies of his wife
and child and father-in-law from the
wreck. This was the first information
Mrs. Connor had received of the fate
of her relatives, as their names did
not appear among the list of dead in
her paper*
The Wunderlichs were residents of
Chicago, where Mr. Wunderlich is
connected with a large piano concern,
and Mr. Danner was visiting them
during the holidays, having come from
his home in Burlington. None of
them had ever been hr California, but
intended to visit it next summer-
MOURNING IN BERKELEY.
Taking with them lanterns, the offi
cers went to the building and explained
their mission to Dr. William E. Har
per, secretary of the dental school. Dr.
Harper assured them that he had
searched the entire building to make
sure that no bodies or lost property re
mained, but to satisfy the police he
personally conducted them from attic
to cellar, opening doors to dark and
long passages and making the search
a thorough one. The only bodies found
were those in the dissecting-room,
which the police carefully examined
and decided that they were not those
of victims of the flre.
CHICAGO, Jan. 2.— Assistant Chief of
Police Schuettler received word late
this afternoon that the bodies of sev
eral victims of the Iroquois Theater flre
which had been carried into the North
western University building had been
taken by students and secreted. The
fact that many persons have been re
ported missing whose bodies have not
been found by friends after a most
careful search through the morgues
lends color to the rumor, in Assistant
Chief Schuettler's mind. He at once
detailed Officers Johnston, Burke and
Mulheany to make a thorough search
of the building.
Chicago PoUce Investigating Reports
Implicating Medical Students.
ACCUSED OF STEALING BODIES.
mentioned as a possible cause of the
curtain's failure to reach the stage, was
proved to have been out of the way of
the curtain as It descended.
On either side of the proscenium arch
In the theater was a metallic reflector,
concave In form, twenty feet long and
studded throughout its entire length
with incandescent lamps. Normally
these lights littad into niches in the
masonry, but when In use they were
swung out. In order that the lights
might be thrown upon the performers
on the stage. Their greatest width,
when open, was fourteen Inches. When
both reflectors were in place the fire
curtain had no impediment In Its
course, but with either swung outward
the descending curtain could not get
below the reflector'3 top. Carelessness
of some employe, whose identity it will
be the effort of the police to ascertain
to-morrow, resulted In the combination
of the open reflector and falling curtain
After issuing his sweeping order,
Mayor Harrison said:
"I do not wish to assume responsi
bility for these theaters. The order
was issued to make it certain that no
precaution to insure the safety of au
diences had been neglected.
"It is quite probable that the owners
of the theaters will sustain serious
financial loss; but, in view of the condi
tion of the playhouses, we cannot take*
any risk, and if the law had been fully
complied with in the first place there
would have been no question of clos
ing them now. The Auditorium, which*
is the only theater left open in Chi
cago, has a steel roll curtain, and as
this seems to be the only curtain that
affords absolute protection against fire,
I have determined as far as possible
to see that the other playhouses are
similarly provided."
PROPRIETORS ARE ARRESTED.
Will J. Davis and Harry Powers,
proprietors of the Iroquois Theater,
and Building Commissioner Williams
are under arrest, charged with man
slaughter. They have been released
on J 10,000 bonds and their hearing ia
set for January 12. The warrants for
their arrest were sworn out by Arthur
E. Hull, who lost his wife and three
children in the fire. Hull explained
that his action was not inspired by
any- motive of vengeance, but simply
to make it certain that the owners of
the theater should not escape any
chance of punishment that was right
fully theirs while stage employes and
electricians were compelled to suffer.
It Is a noteworthy fact that Build
ing Commissioner Williams, who is
now charged with manslaughter in
connection with the greatest fire hor
ror the country has ever experienced,
owes his appointment to a tragedy of
a similar nature, but of much less ex
tent, which occurred two years ago.
Williams' predecessor vacated his of
fice after the burning of St. Luke's
Sanitarium at Twentieth street and
Wabash avenue. This was the insti
tution in which a score of men suf
fering from delirium tremens were
burned to death while strapped to
their beds. Williams was selected in
the belief that he was the proper man
to see that no such catastrophe could
again occur.
FINDS CAUSE OF HOLOCAUST.
Fire Inspector Fulkerson to-night
announced that he had finally dis
covered the secret of the flre. The as
bestos curtain, upon which the safety
of the audience depended, was, ac
cording to Fulkerson, blocked in its
descent by a reflector carelessly left
open by a stage employe. While one
end of the curtain got within five feet
of the stage the other was suspended
twenty feet above it and beneath It
swept the flood of Game that carried
death to so many hundreds.
The first step toward a definite con
clusion as to the cause of the flre was
made when William McMullen, opera
tor of the "spot" light, threw the blame
upon another electric light near i by.
The task was. completed when Fulker
son followed up a clew given by John
A. Mazzoni, a stage employe, and dis
covered the deadly reflector, still open,
in the ruins of the theater.
The wire used in th© "aerial ballet,"
MUST OBEY THE LAW.
_ The seventeen places of amusement
which were shut last night were closed
for the one reason that they were not
provided with an asbestos curtain. The
further action taken to-day is in con
sequence of violations of other sections
of the ordinances regulating theaters.
There was a rush of theater managers
to the office of Mayor Harrison in the
effort to obtain the withdrawal, or, at
least, a postponement of the order, but
their reception was of an exceedingly
frosty nature. They were informed by
the irayor that the inspectors had re
ported . in the case of every one of
them which had violated the law and
he determined that It should not be
said hereafter that the city had neg
lected anything which could prevent
a repetition of the horror of last
"Wednesday.
The fact that the asbestos curtain in
the Iroquois Theater was so badly
wrecked by the fire that charred por
tions of it have been carried away by
the various investigating committees
caused thf committee to decide that
asbestos curtains could not be relied
upon to afford the most complete pro
tection. It was announced that every
theater in the city must hereafter
comply with the following provisions
before they will be allowed to open:
Steel roll curtains, wide exits, no com
bustibles of any kind in the house fur-
nishlngs, fireproof ed scenery, no cal
cium or "spot" lights to be used on
the stage; skylights above the stage
provided with automatic lids to permit
the egress of smoke, flre and gas;
separate stairways— each exit having
Its own stairs leading to the Btreet.
The order compelling the theaters to
close was issued this afternoon by
Mayor Harrison after a conference
with Corporation Counsel Tolman, who
assured the Mayor that ample legal
ground existed for his action.
Seventeen theaters and museums
were closed last night and the sweep
ing order of the Mayor to-day shut the
doors of sixteen more. The latter are
the leading theaters in the business sec
tion'of the city, namely:
The Studebaker, Grand Opera-house.
McVicker's, La Salle, Garrick, Illinois,
Powers, Bush Temple, Calumet, Cleve
land, Great Northern, Haymarket. Hop
kins, Peoples 1 Institute, Trocadero
and Columbus. The Illinois and Pow
ers are owned and controlled by Pow
ers and Davis, the managers of the ill
fated Iroquois. The Garrick Theater
closed to-day ls~not to be confounded
with the Garrick closed yesterday, It
being one of the largest playhouses
in the city, while the one concerning
which action was taken yesterday is
a much smaller house in the northwest
ern portion of the city.
MANAGERS BESIEGE MAYOR. .
CHICAGO, Jan. 2.— Every, theater in
the city of Chicago was in darkness to
night, its doors locked. Not one of
them will be open to the. public until
their managers -shall have complied in
the fullest manner with every / section
of the ordinances regulating play
houses.
Cause of Failure to
Lower Certain Is
Discovered.
CHICAGO, Jan. 2.-The
total number of dead
in the Iroquois The
ater flre has been definite
ly .established at 587i.of
which but twelve remain
unidentified. To one man's
carelessness, it was to
day learned, can the enor
mous loss of life be attrib
uted. It was found,
through information sup
plied by a stage employe,
¦that the lowering; of the
asbestos curtain was pre
vented by a projecting re
flector, which caught one
end of the curtain, leav
ing an opening through
which a wave of flame
poured out upon the audi
ence. The man whose
duty it was to swing the
reflector out of the way of
the curtain had failed to
do so, and the holocaust
resulted. Every theater
in Chicago has been closed
by the Mayor's orders
pending the proper observ
ance of the city's regula
tions insuring protection
against flre. Scores of fu
nerals were held in the
stricken city to-day. Be
ginning at the noon
hour every church bell in
Chicago joined in tolling
a dirge of an hour's dura
tion.
Mayor's Order Closes
All Playhouses in
Li lc v^iiy.
CHICAGO'S THEATER HORROR
DUE TO ONE CARELESS MAN
CHICAGO, Jan. 2.— Church bells toll
ing at, noon, business activity checked,
manv celebrations postponed and long
lines of funerals making their way to
the outlying districts, where the ceme
teries are situated— these circumstances
to-day evidenced ; Chicago*s outward
grief for the victims of the Iroquois
Theater disaster. Priests and minis
ters of the gospel went from funeral
to funeral'to-day, as they will to-rhor
row and Monday. The unidentified
dead will be kept as long as possible
at the morgues. If no one then comes
to lay claim to the bodies they will be
burled at the city's expense. By com
mon assent of the clergy/ "Lead, Kindly
Light," the hymn written by Cardinal
Newman, is being sung at all the fu
nerals.
The City Hall, except absolutely nec
essary departments, was closed to-day.
The Board of Trade closed an hour
earlier than usual, and a number of
mercantile and manufacturing estab
lishments also closed early.
« Thirty-four teachers in the public
schools are known to have lost their
lives in the fire, and the schools will
be closed on Monday in .their memory.
The tollinjj of bells at noon for. an
hour was in response to an expressed
wish of* Mayor Harrison. At 12 o'clock
the chimes of a North' Side church
tolled a dirge and the northeast wind
carried it over the city. "" Before the
first notes had died away another chime
farther south sounded a mournful in
.Jonation. . Then a hundred bells broke
forth in a mighty diapason, whose iron
moans seemed to reach the gray clouds
and echoed b?ck again in solemn con
cord. As the tones, of the city's dirge
in the scattered towers spread over the
city more persons paused and listened
in sorrow and awe than on any occa
sion in the, minds of the people. Many
stood with bared heads, as on the day
of the burial of President McKinley.
Among the hundreds of funerals to
day perhaps none had so many dis
tressing features as those wherein were
burled • three out of four generations
of the family of Benjamin • Moore, a
grocer. There had been a familv re
union in the Moore household, and Ben
jamin Moore was surrounded by his
children, his grandchildren and ; 'his
great-grandchildren. Nine members of
the family went to the Iroquois Theater
to see VMr. Bluebeard."/ Seats were
purchased in the last row of the'sec
ond balcony near the aisle farthest
away . from the main entrance. ' When
the fire and smoke came all but one
of the party sat still and were killed.
The eight bodies were among those in
terred to-day. ¦• ....-¦
. From -the large number of complaints
Scores of Funerals . Occur. Simultane
ously in Stricken Clilcago.
BELLS TOLL CITY'S DIRGE.
Continued on Page 27, Column 4.
received of the loss of personal effects
from the bodies of the fire victims, the
Coroner's office clerks estimate that
$100,000 worth of diamonds, watches,
jewelry, furs and other personal prop
erty was lost in the fire. Many of the
victims had money in their possession
which could not be found when the
bodies were examined at the morg^iea.
Much of the property of value un
doubtedly was lost, but a large amount
may have been stolen by ghouls. The*
excitement that reigned at th© scene
of the flre made It impossible to sya-
Names of Many Victims Are Listed in
t Coroner's Office. - - .
CHICAGO, Jan. 2. — The Coroner to
day issued burial permits for the fol
lowing:
A
Mrs. Rarna Anderson.
B . .
Ethel niackman, 13 years; Mrs. Minnie Byer,
Alexander Byer, Nellie Berry, Mrs. Annie
Bergieh, Arthur J. Bergleh, '11 years.
c
Sadie Cook, Florence Corcoran, Susan I.
Clay.
E
Lottie Ellis, William Engels. 7 years.
F
Ella Frandcn, Gertrude FUzpatrick.
G .
Josephine Gehan, Vera Golsby, 16 years.
IE
Mrs. Minnie Holmes, N. R. Hansen, Xancy
Hanson, 10 years; Mary Horrlck. William
Hennessy, 14 years; John S. Hartman.
K
Mrs. Francis Kercher, Lola B. 'Cuebler, .18
years.
L
Mrs. Jessie Lemenager, Wallace Lemenager,
Ella Lawrence, Daisy E. Livingston, Eugenia
.Ludwlg, Harry Ludwlc. ¦> .
M
Ella Mueller, William L. McLaughlin, Ella
Miller, Mrs. Amy Mueller.
0
Dr. Charles S. Owen.
P
Howard M. Palmer. 9 years; Rosamoi^ Par
ish, Mrs. Aueusta M. Pease.
Q
Mrs. Jeannette M. Quetsch. |
R
Ruth Robbins, Clara E. Reid, Mrs. Barbara
L. Reynolds.
s
Mrs. Nellie Sharuta, Mrs. Florence Spring,
Mrs. Ada Simpson, Bruch, Colo.; Joseph Sey
mour, Elolso Swayze, 1« years; Mrs. Mary A.
Strawbridge, Mrs. Florence N. Strong:. Mrs.
Elizabeth Strong:, Dr. W. J. Sheridan. Edwin
A. Spring:. Mrs: Ellen N. Spring, Wlnthrop
N. Sprlnc.
Marl? C. Tomey, Clarence Thompson, Kansas
City; Robert S. Thompson, Grace Tuttle.
V. W
Eric W. Week, Mrs. C. M". Wllcox, Mrs
Etta Wlckofsky. Florence Q. White.
PERMITS FOR BURIALS.
"When I reached the bridge I could
see the sparks drifting under the cur
tain toward the audience. When I
looked again a few seconds later a great
sheet of flame was darting under the
curtain and into the faces of the peo
ple. I stuck to the work c-f trying to
fet the curtain down until embers and
pieces of scenery began falling upon me
and burning me, and then I ran across
the stage and into the alley. I stayed
at the door and helped everybody out
until all had escaped who came that
way."
Inspector Fulkerson, taking witnesses
with him, at once went to the theater,
where he found that, although the
flames had whipped the asbestos cur
tain Into shreds, the reflector which
had blocked its descent was still In the
position stated by Mazzoni. .
"I stood near the switchboard from
which the flre started," said Mazzoni,
"when- 1 saw the flames shooting up
from the drapery near the lamps. The
fire curtain . was coming down as I
looked up and.almost at the same time
I saw that one end was lower than the
other, and as I looked close I could
see that it was caught. I ran up on
the bridge on the ncrth side to try to
get the curtain free. The bridge is
twelve feet high and, although I climb-,
ed upon the rail, I could hardly touch
the bottom of the curtain.
which cost approximately 600 lives.
Mazzoni. who was employed as a
scene shifter, was one of the first of
the stage employes to be placed under
arrest. After his release this afternoon
on bonds of $5000 he disclosed the truth
of the misrjlaced reflector to Fire In
spector Fulkerson.
STORY TOLD BY 7UAZZOXI.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 3, 1904.
26
ADVEBTISEMESTTS.
I • Ife-I' lmni«ii:vS > <e/
f« J$Sm£k Feductioiis
H -0^&&(^Mr^ ' We are in th . e
\\ ¦J^Mi^W^^^ r{ clearance busi-
[3 A^?P^®#^^i<^ ness in earnest.
K Mlgii«»9 The store has
l j P^»^^^^ been crowded all
i week, particular-
§. iraW ly in the Readv-
W^M^^^^^mm <: to- Wear Gar-
1 " fiMS^^^%i ment Depart-
I >K^^^^®1I^ ment, where
I JlW^Plip S UI k> Coats,
H Skirts and"
I Waists
I y^^ff^^^r^l^^K. Arc being offered at less than
P /f-?&'-¥&- : ~~-'- '' ¦ - V thc cost °* manufacture. We
[I '/jPJ^'^A^- ¦.•-?'•'*'•*- ; '' • - a^l have a corps of expert fitters
N f^<^': :^^'^:f^Jiif^^MBl^ii an(i cver y garment is guaran-
1 /^VjJ^^^^^w'#^: ; 3^ tecd t0 fit - The other depart-
1 J^y'^i^^^M^T^M^^^^^ ments are participating and
i f?&$&$$&&^& &^-$'-r^iMMP offering equally good bar-
i ®|lw^££^^^ Snip nf Sirff*
1 >®|ip^ $20.00 Suits reduced to..$1 1.50
H $25.00 Suits reduced to.. $14.50
J $30.00 Suits reduced to . .$1 9.50
I ;. $40.00 Suits reduced to . .$25.00
y $60.00 Suits reduced to . .$40.00
[j Sale of Coats.
tj $1O:OQ'Coats reduced to ..<-.. - $4.95
\\ $15.00 Coats reduced to , i $7.50
[j $20.00 Coats reduced to i $13.75
I $30.00 Coats reduced to $19.75
I $35.00 Velour Coats reduced to $14.75
1 $4O.OOk.VeIour Coats reduced to $1 9.75
I Sale of Skirts.
\\ $5.00* Walking Skirts reduced to $3.85
[j $6.50 Dress Skirts reduced to $4.25
S $8.00 Dress Skirts reduced to $6.00
K $12.00 Dress Skirts reduced to $8.50
F-| $1.50*Sateen Skirts reduced to 95c
§ Sale of Waists.
[] $3.00'Flannel Waists reduced to $1.50
|! $5.00 Silk Waists reduced to $3.45
[] $2.00 Alpaca Waists reduced to $1.45
[] $1.50 Dress Sacque reduced to 95c
1 $1.50 Camel's Hair Zibclmcs 73c a Yard
H A great special from the Dress Goods Department. An assorted
{ ; lot comprising solid colors, two-toned and fancy weaves, 46 to 56
! j inches wide. This is the stylish long hair kind, panne finish. The
:¦} former prices were $1.25 and $1.50 a yard. Clearance Sale > 7'3 r ,
\\ price itiC
1 $1.00 Iron-Frame Alpacas 49c a Yard.
\i They are the genuine English make. Full 52 inches wide.. Very
[ 1 bright silky finish, and all colors to select from, including a deep rich
B* black. This is the extra heavy quality that sells for $1.00 a JQ-,
\\ 33rd. Clearance Sale price *tj*C
I 85c Taffeta Silks 39c a Yard.
j A broken line to be closed out. There are shades of maise, old
U rose, cerise, lavender, purple and amethyst. This is the heavy OQg-,
I 1 quality that always sells for 85c. Clearance Sale price OjJC
j] 50c Linen Center Pieces 25c.
n This lot came too late for holiday selling. They are beautifully
H tinted in cherry designs, and arc very easily worked. We have p
M one embroidered for 3'our inspection. Clearance Sale price. .. j^OC
Any man is liable to make mistakes,
but it is the other fellow who blunders.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• BSj^ Sundaif. 3 January, 1004. jjr
Sideboard
The exhibition of dining*
room furniture occupying
our entire second floor is
nothing less than fascinating.
Judging from the extensive
variety it would seem that no
other line of furniture made
equaled it in importance. To
one who is familiar with the
many different furniture pe-
riods the display is especially,
interesting. The Italian,
Renaissance, Gothic, Colo-
nial, Empire, j Sheraton,
Adams and Mission eras
are all represented.
Th'e sideboard 1 pictured
above is a modern creation in
golden oak. Quite a dainty
.design and nicely finished.
Measures 42 inches wide and
70 inches high. Price, $45.00.
261 to 281 Geary Street
Union Square
ADVERTISEMENTS. :£i \
Such prices as we offer here have never before been heard of is
business ender normal conditions. They are simply an experiment. The
loss of trade in a dull season means a big loss of money yearly. If we
hold the volume of trade by losing the same money on prices* we will be
ahead on the advertising oar store receives. Experience teaches as that
we will do a tremendous business as soon as the public stcs these prices*
Jacket Bargains Tailor Dress Bargains
ALL WOOL KERSEY JACKET, ami-woo* cxoth ihkesses—
«Ik lined throughout; tans and JgS^SrtS^I&e'ad^lJES
blacks; have sold a3 high as and $25.00. While they last saia
$20.00. Sale price ?5.OO price will be $10.00
NEW BOX JACKETS; all wool au-wool bcotck mrexox
Kerseys; satin lined; blacks and COAT deesses — Coats all* Un«d.
tans. Were $12.50. Sale price.. ta * 1 J >r « mad8 Tr? lart f.«^ the flncs *
c— »; ft modeling. "Were $20.00 and $22.60
MILITARY" ' JACKETS ' WITW On for 815.00
J.ATOO 11 5 1 i- J W . 1TH COAT DRESSES — Straight front
CAPES; all satin lined: loose styles, rich all-wool materials!
backs; fine all wool Kersevs: Plain and fancy, silk-lined coats,
«£ C £ O S f V d nr£ nd tan V^ wTof&'JgSb. AS'Sl."^
., .-$20.00. bale price ipiz.dO 8°OOft
Waist and Skirt Bargains
Fine Silk Waists, lined, in lots of Etamine Dress Skirts; lined; black
colors. Were $400. Sale price and blues; trimmed with silk.
82.OO W . cre $12.50 and $15.00. Sale
pnee 97.50 and 91O.OO
All. Wool Rainy Day Skirts; best Fine Cloth Walking Skirts in black
Fur Bargains
Genuine Fur Collarettes; all silk Electric Seal and Genuine 'Astra-
lined; high storm collar. Were kh 5 n f ur . Ca ?" ; ** inc h« deep;
* ¦_ satin lined. Were $20000 S^lV
$7.50 and $10.00. Now. . ?3.5O. price 9I8.00!
fegpara*«Jc^ras»*tL < CTs'L WMt pBgj%. g^f^jp^rfgatt^r^uli^ \\n\ h iiHn'+
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS
THE 2KXCB6BCOPB
Proves That Parasite* Cause Sair Iioss.
Nine-tenths of the diseases of the
scalp and hair are caused by parasitic
germs. The Importance of this discov-
ery by Professor Unna of the Charity
Hospital. Hamburg, Germany, cannot be
overestimated. It explains why ordi-
nary hair preparations/even of the most
expensive character, fail to cure dan-
drufC; because they do not and they can-
not kill the dandruff germ. . The ; only
hair preparation in the world that posi-
tively destroys the , dandruff parasites
that burrow up the scalp into scales
called scurf or dandruff, is Newbro's
Herpicide. In addition to its destroying
the dandruff germ, Herpicide is also a
delightful hair dressing. "Sold by lead-
ing druggists. Send 10c in stamps for
sample to The Herpicide Co., Detroit,
Mich.. . '
W wall ItICII
Made Strong.
/^f&§i»?\ Contracted
DR. HOLSMAN
The Master Specialist
Mor» than 17 Tean* Success. Con-
•ultatlon Free at OSlc*
or by Mall. .¦ . ¦-;
I HAVE CCRED MORES MEN THAN
ar.y other physician on the coast. My
treatments are more rational, more mod-
ern and more effective than any other phy-
Elclan practicing In the Wect. My treat-
ment rive* i-lm, viror, vitality, strength
t ::d ambition to weajc and despondent men,
roang or old, married or single, reranlless
of the cauae of their trouble. I master
wasting weakness, etc.. Quickly and per-
manently.
I ALSO CURE
Special Diseases, Including: Conta-
£-ion» Blood Poison, Stricture. Va>
ricocelo, Hydrocele, Rupture, Piles,
Diseases of the Kidneys, Bladder.
etc i ¦
My home care system is xnarvelously
successful. If you cannot visit San Fran-
cisco write me in confidence and I will
send you sealed, by mall, a booklet which
ccr.tair.s a treatise on all diseases and
weaknesses of men, and a great deal of
other valuable lsformation.
C. K. HOLSMAN, M. D.
729 Market St.. San Francisco.
(Too Floor.) !"" ,
Hours — 8 to 8 daily; 0*to t£ Sundays./
room^ at PoMMfiRt Eilers
Some Facts About the Pommer-Eiiers Music Co.,
the Exclusive Piano and Organ House.
Why They Excel and Undersell.
This Is the age of specialists. To be successful one's energies must bo cen-
tered upon one thing. In the business world the most successful men are those
who select from the great neld of merchandising some one article and devote
their time and energy to it. The Pommer-Eiiers Music Co. sell only
Pianos and Organs. This, of course, includes the piano-players and electrical
playing: attachments. The efforts of the entire concern go toward making the
business a success. They aro continually on the lookout for the btfst instru-
ments and are continually devising means and ways for getting them Into the
hands of the people at lower prices than general music houses must ask.
Taking advantage of new facilities in shipping and handling, keeping an eye
on the rents and storage expenses. It develops that they are able to save a re-
tall buyer a hundred dollars or more on a piano.
They are now disposing of a few odds and ends left over from a very
large fall business, and If you are planning on purchasing a piano this Is
your opportunity to get one at a great saving.
Here Are Some for $133 Less.
A few medium-grade pianos, such as are sold at other stores for $300.
with fancy mahogany, mottled walnut or oak cases to select from. Pianos In
this class sell for $148 and $137. and a few $350 styles are offered at $213 and
$226. The terms on these instruments are $6.00 down and $5.00 or $6.00 a month
on the payments.' -
Baby Grands for $200 Less.
Here is an opportunity for you to select a Baby Grand Piano, made by the
best piano-maker of the world, at a very handsome saving. The regular prices
range from $650 to $1000. Prices now being asked will be found an average
of at least $200 below these figures. The payments call for $50 down and $10
to $15 a month to take up the balance.
this Lot at $170 Less.
You will find in this class high-grade pianos of national reputation, that
usually sell for $450. $500 and $550. Prices prevailing now make it possible to
obtain the $450 styles for $286 and the choicest $550 grade for $345. $327 and
$318. Payments of $25 down and $10 or $12 a month are accepted.
Used Pianos for Less.
The tremendous number of pianos sold by this concern means an accumula-
tion of used pianos. These Instruments are always offered at bargain prices.
Following are a few to show you what this saving is:
Klmball Square $82 Kroeger (elegant case) $145
Checkering Square 878 Sherwood & Son Upright $114
Steinway Square $84 Hartman Upright $88
Raven Bacon Square $47 Basil $64
Vose Square $38 Fancy Upright $26 to $70
Kimball Upright (mahogany case) ... J. P. Hale Upright $36
$215 Colby Upright ,...S215
Hemme & Long Upright $134 Pommer-EUers Upright $183
Chlckerlng Upright $210
Piano Players for Less.
Prices range from $120 to $200. The latter price secures a new one. Pay-
ments $25 down and ?S or $10 a month.
THE P0MMES-EH.ES3 SITJS1O CO, located at 653 Market St..
are conducting this sale. They have other stores at Sacramento, Eureka.
Stockton. Portland, Seattle and Spokane. Wherever they are doing business they
have a reputation for honesty and integrity, and if you are intending to pur-
chase a piano you should see them.Continued From Page 26, Column 7.
THEATER HORROR DUE TO ONE MAN
IOLA, Kans., Jan. 2.— Roswell "W.
Acers, who drilled the first gas well in
Kansas, here, in 1872, died to-day,
aged 96 years. He came to Kansas
from Illinois.
Oldest Gas Well Borer Dead.
NEW YORK, Jan. 2.— Charles Hall
Rockwell, who was well known In San
Francisco and had relatives residing
there, died in Tarry town, N. Y., to-day.
The funeral will be private, the inter
ment,at Norwich, Conn.
Charles Hall Rockwell Dead.
on a. Christmas visit to relatives in
Vallejo.
Mrs. T. W. Lewis died this morning
at her home on East Thirty-second
street at the age of 69 years. She
leaves a husband, T. W. Lewis, and
five children.
Mary T. Neves of Haywards died
this morning at 712 Henry street, this
city. The funeral will take place
Monday. Deceased was 24 years of
age.
David D. Beers died yesterday at
1067/Oak street. Deceased was a na
tive of New York and had resided in
this city about thirteen years.
John Brunner, a former resident of
Ukiah, died last night at the home of
his brother, Henry E. Brunner, of
Haywards, where he has lived for sev
eral years. Deceased was 42 years of
age and his parents and several broth
ers and sisters live at Ukiah.
Mining Man Hurries to Chicago.
• TUCSON, Ariz., Jan. 2. — C. O.'Foltz
of Chicago, who" is interested In mines
Funerals i of Iowa Victims. .
DES MOINES, Jan." 2. — The re
mains of Miss Helen" McCaughan,
OAKLAND, Jan. 2. — The funeral of
Elwell Miller, the Beven-year-old son
of Mrs. R. E. Miller of Fruitvale,' who
died last Thursday at ValleJo,Awaa
held to-day from the family residence,'
320 TCichol avenue. Thedeceased was
stricken with spinal meningitis while
Alameda County Deaths.
tematize the removal of the bodies and
100 or more volunteers assisted the po
lice and firemen. ' Hundreds of bodies
were carried away in ". trucks and ex
press wagons, and • there was no way
of • preventing persons - searching the
victims and taking their valuables. The
largest I amount lot) currency recovered,
$405, < was ¦ found pinned to the garment
of a woman.
Charles O. Perry, president of the
California Home Building Loan Com
pany, with offices in the Claus Spreck
els building, dropped dead in front of
the residence of Dr. William Watt
Kerr, 1200 Van Ness avenue, shortly
after 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon.
Heart trouble was the cause of Mr.
Perry's death.
Mr. Perry had been ailing from heart
trouble for a number of years. He was
about to enter Dr. Kerr^s office when
he was stricken with the fatal malady
yesterday afternoon. He was a promi
nent business man of this city and held
the position of president of the Cali
fornia Home Building Loan Company
for a number of years. He leaves a
large circle of friends in both commer
cial and social circles to mourn his un
timely taking off.
Mr. Perry, resided in Belvedere, where
he owned a beautiful home. He is sur
vived* by a family. The body was re
moved to a local undertaking establish
ment. No arrangements have as i- yet
been made for the funeral services.
Sudden Death of C. O. Perry.
" In the great holocaust which took
place on December 8, 1863, at Santlgo,
in Chile, where 3000 women were
burned to death, one witness of that
awful affair, Colonel Andrews, presides
here in San Francisco.- On that
memorable night he happened to be
passing the church in company with
Harry Melggs. The sacred edifice,
known as the Church of La Compagne,
was crowded to suffocation. It was
the great day of the church, the last
day of the celebration of the festival
known as the Conception of tha Virgin
Mary.
Everybody present was devoutly
kneeling in prayer, when suddenly the
decorations at the back of the altar,
which were illuminated with 20,000
camphorlne lamps, suddenly burst into
flames.
Chaos reigned. The thirty-three
priests who were officiating at the, ser
vice did their utmost to control the*
great throng' of worshipers, but there
was at once a mad rush for. the great
portals of the church. The result was
an awful crush. The doorways were
Jammed by- the seething mass and not
one soul escaped to tell the tale. The
bodies of the unfortunates were buried
on the spot in -which they expired. -For
one year after the catastrophe no pub
lic festivities of any sort were indulged
in by the people of that province.
San Franciscan a Witness to Great
Fire Which Destroyed 3000.
CHILE'S AWFUL DISTASTER.
poleon Princess Mathilde managed his
house and dispensed the honors, retir
ing gracefully to her personal studies
when Louis Napoleon married. During
that epoch she was regarded as one
of the most beautiful women in France,
combining as she did the French type
of beauty with Italian vivacity. Since
the fall of the empire Princess Mathilde
had maintained a salon in Paris which
was frequented by celebrated people of
the art, literary and military worlds
and by diplomatists and foreign
Princes. Until her last illness the
Princess was deeply Interested in pol
itics, and it is said that after Joseph
Reinach's' defense of former Captain
Dreyfus she Bent to Relnach her card
initialed P. P. C. (Pour Prendre Conge),
a punishment she meted out to all who
displeased her.
ln the Oro Blanco district and has
been there for the past week, reached
Tucson last night late, on horseback,
and "left on the Rock Island flyer
early this morning for Chicago, where
his wife and two daughters, Helen and
Ada, were burned to death in the Iro
quois Theater fire.
PARIS. Jan. 2.— Princess Mathllde.
the only daughter of Prince Jerome
Bonaparte, died here at 7 o'clock to
night. Shortly before the Princess ex
pired ex-Empress Eugenie and Princess
Clothile visited the bedside. The death
of Princess Mathilde has caused sorrow
throughout France, not only because
she was one of the last of the Napole
ons, but because' she was always known
as "the good Princess."
Count Felury once told this story of
her: "A little cousin of the Princess
asked her, 'Do you know that through
Queen Catherine you are related to al
most all of -the reigning houses of Eu
rope?' The Princess answered: ' 'Tls
good, 'tis good; but what is that beside
being the niece of Napoleon?' "
Prince Jerome Bonaparte arranged a
marriage between his daughter and
Louis Napoleon, but without success.
While they were in St. Petersburg Em
peror Nicholas conceived a great affec
tion for the Princess and gave her a
decree of divorce when sho was no
longer abla to live with her husband.
During the presidency of Louis Na-
Only Daughter of Prince Jerome
Bonaparte Passes Away in Paris.
PRINCESS MATHILDE DIES.
He commanded the right wing of the
Army of Northern Virginia at the bat
tle of Gettysburg and tried to dissuade
Lee from ordering the disastrous
charge oa the third day. When Lee
retreated to Virginia, Longstreet. with
five brigades, was transferred to the
Army of Tennessee under Brag-.gr. and
at the battle of Chlckamauea held the
left wing of the Confederate army.
He was then detached to capture
Knoxville, but found it too strongly for
tified to be taken by assault. Early in
1S64 he rejoined Lee and was wounded
by the fire of his own troops in the bat
tle of the Wilderness. He commanded
the First Army Corps of the Army of
Northern Virginia, was in all the oper*
ations in 1864 and was Included In the
surrender at Appomattox, April 9, 1865.
He was known in the army as "Old
Pete" and was considered the hardest
fighter in the Confederate service. He
had the unbounded confidence of his
troops, who were devoted to him, and
the whole army felt better when in the
presence of the enemy if it was passed
along the line that "Old Pete was up."
After the war General Longstreet es
tablished his residence in New Orleans,
where he engaged in commercial busi
ness in the firm of Longstreet, Owens
& Co. He was appointed Surveyor of
Customs of the port of New Orleans
by President Grant, supervisor of inter
nal revenue in Louisiana and Post
master at New Orleans, later he was
appointed Minister froia the United
States to Turkey by President Hayes,
and United States Marshal for the dis
trict of Georgia by President Garfleld.
He was commissioned brigadier gen
eral in the Confederate service, and at
the first battle of Bull Run commanded
a brigade on the right of the Confed
erate line, where he kept a large force
of the national army from operating in
support of McDowell's flank attack.
On General Joseph E. Johnston f s re
treat before McClellan at Torktown
Longstreet commanded the rear guard,
having been made a major general.
On May 5, 1862. he made a stand at
\v illiamsbunr. and was at once at
tacked by Heintzelman, Hooker and
Kearny. H e held his ground until hia
opponents were reinforced by Hancock
when he was driven back into his
works. He took part in the seven days 1
battles around Richmond, and at the
second battle of Bull Run. when, in
command of the. First Corps of the
Army of Northern Virginia, came to
the relief of Jackson, when that gen
eral was hard pressed by Pope's army,
and by a determined charge in flank
decided the fortunes of the day. At
Fredericksburg he held the Confeder
ate left. In 1S63 he was detached with
two of his divisions for service south
of the James River. On Hooker's
movement, which led to the battle of
Chancellorsvllle, Longstreet was or
dered to rejoin the army of Lee, but
did not arrive in time to participate in
the battle. ' -
James Lonsrstreet was born in Edge
fleld district, S. C, on January 8, 1821.
He removed with his mother to Ala
bama in 1S31 and was appointed from
that State to the United States Mili
tary Academy, where he graduated in
1S42, and was assigned to the Fourth
Infantry. He served at Jefferson Bar
racks, Mo., in 1842-44; on frontier duty
at Natchitoches, La., in 1844-45; in the
military occupation of Texas in 1845-46,
and in the war with Mexico, being en
gaged in the battles of Palo Alto, Re
saca de la Palma, Monterey, the eiege
of Vera Cruz, Cerro Gordo. San An
tonio, Churubusco and Moleno del Rey.
For gallant and meritorious conduct in
the two latter battles he was brevetted
captain and major, and he had previ
ously been promoted first lieutenant, on
February 23. 1847.
At the storming of Chapultepec, Sep
tember 8, 1847, he fV3.s severely wound
ed in the assault on the fortified con
vent. He served as adjutant. Eighth
Infantry, from June 8, 1847, till "July 1,
1S49, and on frontier and garrison duty,
chiefly in Texas, till 1858, being made
captain December 7. 1852. He became
paymaster July 19, 1S5S, and resigned
June 1, 1S61.
ATLANTA, Ga., Jan. 2.—General
James Longstreet, • soldier, statesman
and diplomat, and the last lieutenant
general of the Confederate army with
the exception of General Gordon, died
in Gainesville, Ga., to-day from an at
tack of acute pneumonia. He has been
ijl two days.
General Longstreet was a sufferer
from cancer of one eye, but his general
health has been good until Wednesday,
when he -was seized with a sudden cold,
developing later Into pneumonia of vio
lent nature. He was 84 years old. He
is survived by his wife, four sons and a
daughter. He will be buried in G/iines
ville, which has been his home since
the Civil War.
DEATH CLOSES
NOTED CAREER
OF LONG STREET
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALE, SUNDAY, JANUARY 3, 190*.
Lewis Reid; a carpenter, residing at
529 Sacramento street, complained to
the police last night that a negro had
knocked him down at tho corner of
Montgomery avenue and Jackson street
about 11 o'clock and robbed him of {23.
Robbed by a
daughter of Attorney George E. Mc-
Caughan of Chicago, reached here to
day. Funerals of John H. Holland
and daughter and Mrs. Lillian Pelton.
also victims of the flre. will be held
Monday. Two diamond rings and a
pair of diamond earrings are missing:
from the body of Mrs. Pelton.
27
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 WILL GIVE $1000
-agB&iw If I fail to cure any
m^^K CANCER
1|| or Tumor I treat
¦Hk jT*,, Gpti before it poison*
J^ v W No Pay Until Cured
"^£^^8b <yin 80 years I hare cured more
**> » /] cancers than any other doctor
_-?y I living. Why experiment with tha
'te»^ -pr 5»^ I ewlndllng X Bay or home trea>
!»wStiI A. merit until pas>cure.
D(YESTie»Il I! ABSOLUTE EUIRIITH.
eV^B^^te^ ANY LUMP IN A
WOMAN'S BREAST IS GANGER
They always poison tho glands in the armpit
and shoulder then cure Is of ten impossible. Any
tumor, lumper sore on the LIP. FACE or any.
where six months is nearly always cancer.
They never pain nntil almost past cure. ¦
5 120 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE.
with symptoms and testimonials of thousands
cored whom you can sea and talk with. , ~ "
Dr. S. R. CHAM LEV <& CO.
*t Strictly Reliable." Two Lady Assistants.
25 Third St., San Francisco, Cal.
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
ADVK&TISEMEKTS.
! Save
Weak Men.
I Have Discovered the Marvelous
Secret of Perpetual Yonth and
Undying Manly Vigor and I
Give It to You Free.
My Mysierlcci Compound Startles the World
With Its Wcsderfal Cores— With This
Mtrveloas Secret No Mia Oaa Grow
Old and it is My Mission oa Earth
Henceforth to Briag All Jaded,
Wcrc-Out Men to This
Fountain of Youth.
Scad No Money— Sjmjly Send Yni Nane and
AddresB and This Marvelous Coapotmd
Will Bs Sent You by Return Mail,
Prepaid and Alsolntely Free.
I have discovered the marvelous se-
cret of perpetual life and vigor la men.
To me it has been piven to bring to the
fallen, weary, worn-out brothers the
knowledge of this priceless boon, and
«ven to the uttermost ends of the earth
I Eend my message of love and peace
and hope and help. Unbelievers may
scoff and co' "fake," but I heed them
not My wcrk has Just begun and I am
saving men.
The Becret of this mighty healins
Power, this vital life epark, this mar-
velous tonic fluid Is known to me alone.
"JXo Knn I« Zioet — T2iere I* a Sure Cure
for Every "Weak IIuu"~Sr. Ferris.
It is mine to give to vrhom I will and
tny works go before me. Doubt not!
I ask no man to believe me, but I give
to every weak man free this priceless
boon and it restores him Instantly to
the strength and powerful vigor of
youth. With this marvelous, mysterious
compound, which I have discovered
only after a lifetime devoted to search
through all the realms of science, and
the archives of the ancients, it Is possi-
ble for every weak man to have for his
own the glorious manly power, the un-
tirirg vigor and the long life of the
patriarchs of Bible times. With this
mysterious cempound no weak man
will ever again be troubled with lmpo-
tency. vital losses, nightly emissions,
spormatcrrhea, varicocele, prematur-
ity, defective power or lack of vital
Send me no money. It is my duty,
puided by an Unseen Hand — It Is my
mission on earth — my life work — to lift
up the fallen, heal the weak and cure
the maimed or undeveloped; and to ev-
?¦ry man who has lost his vital power
or fir.<is it waning, J, send my message
of love and peace and health. I can
fave him and I will save him and re-
Ftore him to many years of happiness
and the impetuous vitality and vigor-
ous manhood of perfect health and
youth.
Remember, It matters not how old
you are: it matters not how you lost
your manhood, or when you lost it. It
matters not what doctors or scoffers
, say. This is no ordinary drug or stim-
ulating method of treatment, but it is
the vital srark of life itself, and it
matters not how many remedies and
doctors have failed, I have repeatedly
end instantly renewed the youth of old
men. My secret compound never fails.
I have often instilled into Jaded men
new vitality, health and strength. For
worn-out men I have oft kindled, in an
instant, and to stay, the sparkling vi-
tality cf youth. Write to me to-day
and tell me in strictest confidence all
about your case. My private address
Is Dr. C. Sargent Ferris, 368 Strawn
building, Cleveland, Ohio,. and I urge
every weak man to come to me, for I
will give him undying strength, the su-
preme joy and happiness of perfect
manliness. Mj- wondrous discovery has
Ftartled the world by its miraculous ef-
fects, yet»I seek not fame nor glory. It
suffices rr.e if I may be the humble in-
strument of Xature's power la
bringing all men Into the enjoyment of
their true manliness and I do it free.
In the time allotted to me here on
earth I chall do all that in my power
lies to give my fellow men the benefit of
this gTeat secret and my reward shall
be in the knowledge that I have done
unto others as I would that others
Ehould do ur.to me.
fKHoliday Gifts if
i«p EYE GLASSES H*\
Lj OPERA CLASSES \?\
fY KODAKS r
j JU / And Other Urrfu! Articles. (I
%&m\M&f\*C MEN
lifT—ST- UK. HALL'S IlEINVIGOr.ATOR
33 BHg Ftope a;: losses and unnatural d:»-
1 I charges in 2* hours, you feel an
V-y J*?y! improvement from the lirst dope.
TW rjfj \v« have so much confidence In our
t ,;i 4*i tr< atment that we offer Five Ilun-
{jg| 39 fired reward for any case we can-
IBausmxSm net cure. This secret remedy cure*
lost potver. nightly emissions, wasted crgani,
. varicocele. gleet, etrictures. kidneys, failing
memory, dr&lns In tlie urine, gonorrhoea, dls
«a.se of the predate elands and all other terrl- I
lal« cHecis ot eelf-abuse or excesses, which lead
en to consumption and death. Positively cures ,
th« worst cases In old or young of that mortl- :
tying condition, quickness cf the discharge, ana
wanting to do, and yf>u can't. Bent sealed, $2
Ij*>r bottle, three bottles, $5. Guaranteed to
cure any case.
Os!l or address orders HALL'S' MEDICAL
INSTITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
Also for eale at 1O73>£ Market Bt-. S. V. Send
tor free book. *
The Weelly Call
$1 per Year*
j ABVUBTISEMITNTS.
A MILLION AMEBIOAN NURSING 1
H^'^ffHp'iH MOTHERS keep themselves and their ba- m
B^i^^4^^»S^!fM bios splendid health with OASOARETS I
«K Candy Oathartia Th© ¦wonderful thingra m
i^M-^^^4^^^^I^CA.BOARET3 do for mamas and their §j
qBalgMHp^^lBat^gg babies have become known through tho I
jEw^f™ . '^^^kind words of those who have tried them, fjj
SBar^ *w J H^Wand so the sale is now over A HELLION K|
v»r 4fc^^ BOXES A MONTH. Mama takes a CAS- m
Ttf*" QF? < iw^y* CARET, baby gets the benefit. The sweet, £
' 'V§^^ palatable tablet, eaten by the nursing Li
1 mother, regulates her system, increases |
Vvjr hor flow of milk, and makes her milk mild- 1]
Hr^"^ ly pnrarative. Baby gets th© effect dl- If
iff . ' • luted and as part of its natural food:— no |{
"*^^*v^ violence — - no danger — perfectly natural H
results. No more sour curds in %
baby's stomach, no more wind colic, I]
£ <N 4 - >^'v / e-y° \ cramps, convulsions, "worms, rest- li
V?lsT dK"^" *"%^ 4 less karats. All druarsrists, 1 Oc, 25c, If
,-*jX [J — *hJM Enc Never sold in bulk. Genuine ft
~ iv<^ s~ -»s. tablet stamped O O O. Sample It
.._,. . t^T^ " \\ and booklet free. Address fl
Zr.T^' TS^L 'Ji STEBLmGREM^YOO, J
'' —^gf^, ChicasroorNewYork. ||
BhW fir 2i \PJ\ I * Kn mSvL E&L ¦ ftPMR I sha r\ fijn I iGn H *
I . Bgl 1 t DH - MJft AS9W ¦rrTM 1 "^*™ - mwLr mrFSBL. I JK9 H '
CATHARTIC
ANNUAL SALE -TEH NilLLIOM BOXES I
Greatest in the World f» J
PRAGERS j PBAQEBS | PBAA3KBS 11 PBAGEBS ¦' T PBAGEBS
«»/ 9 pi •• ¦ 9 -Stamps Given. '))r u Stamps Given. «^- .Jr» I o | x* r' v - -v-^iiji
§§bB| Muslin Underwear, | "First Great white sale," hcid just a year ago. For of Embroideries. B§i»
T^^SW^^hS offerT^r^ L'^^^^J^Wj^ SB
spar'i ISlie Vnei C """For flong watching for manufact- | U e^ r vLi^yc^^e^elig^lnd feg-f
BaSCgflBBal ments ever offered to San Francisco shoppers. urers' bargains ill white goods, and from various places that have been most in demand. 1 here will be gsfcvfSo
EsSBSEgSSS There are bargains that will appeal to. tlie . • t -r- i j ,,¦ . . i no disappointment for values at this great sale. Ka^;
fg^H mos5 conservaffve^buyer. Everything in stock and concerns in the East have secured . this great stock. r , e a vard _ Finc cambric and lawn embr O1 d- y^SfJa
Jllgfepllllj has-been reduced" far below the regular sell- There IS an unlimited variety of domestics, underwear and ery edgings and insertions, also fancy galoon g^Sj|l
(ilj»S2fif| the heart and please the purse of everyone . See the Store in its white carnival dress. sertions, 4 to o inches wide. Regular 20c values. %'lj^;^J
<BBPfjffBfl«j sharing in this great sale. ; ; litc a yard — Cambnfc and nainsook edRines t r KlBBjlf
liiifPiS 'd mt r° idCry wttJf narrow Women's and Children's Handkerchiefs la i6c d a S^rd— Sw°iss. nainsook and cambric p||^||
@p|§g§§ lawn ruffle. Worth 75c . ~r~i HIS is a stock imported direct from a large New ly ??Tsc a yard. This lot consists of the most ||&lf8j
75c— Gown with V neck, trimmed with | Vnrlr rnarmf-irHirino- rnnrprn with the nhirrt of nak- beautiful patterns. fiwggBgll
ggggggjj narrow lace edee: full length and width. Also 1 } ork manufacturing concern Wltn tlie ODJCCt or maK 1{>c a vard _ Handsomest line of fine nain- B^SS^J
1&g§gB§B& another stvle. trimmed with embroidery in- ing this sale ot handkerchiefs one ot the most attrac- sooki Swiss and cambric edgings and insertion '&T*a
||||3ira||j sertion and tucks. Regular $i.oo values. * tive features of our January business. Space does not per- to match. Widths from 4% to 18 inches. r^^'SJif
Iflpllli 80c— Made of cambric; Empire style, trim- nl |t us to include all the great values, and we can only ill-. These embroideries are worth 50c, 75c, up to ,^,i {
1|1b1|||1 V 91.OO— Made of cambric; French style, fin- 25e each— 500 dozen women's fancy handkerchiefs, made of White SliKS and DreSS GOOOS. tT-; : ->/ : /
j&glll&B ished with fine lace. Also another style with very fine sheer linen lawn with lace, lace and insertion and fancy UR dress goo d s department contributes *i?W%Wi
faHB&ffi&M square yoke of fine tucks and lace insertion. embroidered edges. Regular 40c values. .- , I r y B 3 some strong lines to the "white sate" f*^s -V ; :fa '
Slgigfi Regular $1.50 value. , 05c a box— All pure Irish linen handkerchiefs, hemstitched that for cxcc ii en t values cannot be h; f V. :^
KBIn^m - - . ~n yr j e u • m. j and with script initial. Put up in a neat box — 6 to the box. .....ipj I- :--U- Ham
WmSsSSSSSA SkirtS- 50c — Made Of cambric, With deep «„ , * Ar, 7e n fanrv linndkprrhiefs of lawn and cambric c Q ualeQ - . . fBBS; - s fflf
91.OO— Made of cambric with wide lawn inch hems. Good values. ' ' DreSS Goods. 5? 1 - 00 a y ard — Cream eoli- hg ""--"^
|^^^P«f • flounce, trimmed with many rows of lace in- 2 for *5c, or -«">c a dozen— Children's handkerchiefs. Pictured ennc; 44 inches wide. Worth I - 1 Hv>^
vpfrSKrDiS sertion. An extra value. and colored borders. Special. . , $150. _^ [ •¦ '•"'¦ ¦«*
Prompt Action in Taking Advantage of the Enormous Reductions on Domestics, |ira|
Wash Goods, Curtains and Draperies Will Save You Money, 11111
fifl|||||j| p I'^HIS is the largest and widest assorted stock of its kind ever collected under one roof in this city. We have had a number of buyers in the |V-'^..3p
E§||gBB- " I East collecting this stock and the result will be shown to-morrow, the beginning of the Second Annual White Sale. Thousands of new de- t^,>-'c-M
f^ilfiiii signs and ideas arc to be found in this assortment, and at the reduced prices they are wonderful bargains. It doesn't take an experienced k;'- <<
§|§j|ffl&f shopper to see the worth of'every piece of goods we have marked for this sale. The values and selling prices are in such contrast that they are l^L^Jj
|||iraH evident to every one. For days last year we could not wait upon the purchasers in these departments, but this year we have installed i?r:^, J
«raW» an extra corps of experienced clerks, so that there will be every facility for quick and convenient buying. l--*v*^"-'H
fgggggjgH NapKillS. Damask napkins, full bleached, % dinner. All the newest and Bedspreads. Heavy large size double bedspreads, nicely hemmed, ready for i""^^"!
j.^'£3pj^3 — ! choicest designs. " 1 use. ; ,* -' ! i pJ
W&MM j>Sc a dozen— Regular $1.25 value. 92..1O a dozen— Regular S.roo value. siH ' for regular $1.10 spreads 91.75 for regular $2.25 spreads pk&^S
jgBHH 91.20 a dozen— Regular $1.50 value. * .^^.'Tr, a dozen— Regular $!i.so value. 91.10 for regular $i..ts spreads %T'V1 < rc S ular f--^ 0 spreads l?^SpC
91.(55 a dozen— Regular $2.00 value. . S.'t.OO a dozen— Regular $4.00 value. 91.2B for regular $1.6; spreads •>-*:** * or regular S.^oO spreads t'f'^H
91.95 a dozen— Regular $2.50 value. 93.115 a dozen— Regular $.^.00 value. 91.50 for regular $1.83 spreads -S...»l> tor regular $4.00 spreads I l'^®
tSliiil Tahie Linen 20c a yard— Heavy homespun table linen, very serviceable and Comforters. An our comforters are filled with pure white sanitary cotton, with l,£'\M>
WS3B& JQU1C LUICII. ets heav j er after was hi nK . coverings of silkoline. sateen, cambric, silk. etc. Y^tc^gf
MCh01 Other srrades of German and Scotch linen at the following prices: 7 $c for comforters, reduced from $1.00 H.^M 1
j^Sg^f „ , I H ' '11 c'h ri R t 1 1 91-7.1 for comforters, reduced from S2.2> i
M^0 ' K4c— Extra heavy double sheets; worth 65c. 91.^5— 12-4 white and grav blankets. \ <
fSaS& oOc— Extra heavy double bed sheets; worth 70c. Kl*.c;j>_ IO -4 California wool blankets; worth ?375- • fill
||g|af <>4c— Extra heavy double bed sheets; worth 75c. 9,'{.5O— 11-4 California wool blankets: worth S4.50. «§$
India Linon. iAL inc ' snecr quality of India linon. Suitable for waists and 94.05 — 11-4 California wool blankets; worth $6.50. \ I
m§33* dresses. 9'"»'«>^ — 12-4 California wool blankets; worth $7.50. Pfll
I|||| Oc a yard for regular I2j^c value. 15c a yard for regular 20c value. 9*»-5O — 13-4 California wool blankets; worth $9.00. HR
12j^c a yard for regular 15c value. 1<> i2-^c a yard for regular 23c value. And up to Sl^-OO a pair; worth $14.00. w»f"I hear tell dey been lynchin' niggers
out west."
"Oh, yes! 'Pears like we all In da
union now."— Atlanta Constitution.
"Where vere they married?" .
"I ain't Jest sure," answered tha
small boy, " 'cause they left me home,
but I guess it was in the steeple."
"In the steeple?"
•'Well, I heard 'em say It a high
church wedding."— Chicago Post.
thought whatever bestowed on her
frock or face, all eyes being fixed with
embarrassing earnestness on her feet.
The wearer appeared at last in the
person of pretty Miss Rugge-Price, and
a sigh of relief went up when, on the
opening of the carriage door, a little
foot, clad in emerald-green silk, be
came visible.
Reverting to the rhyme, the "some
thing old" was the lovely old English
point on the bride's wedding gown,
which itself carried out the "something
new" by being composed of rich bro
cade velvet, the latest fashionable at
tire for brides.
"Something borrowed" was difficult
to notice, but the "something blue"
might have been seen in the exquisite
nosegay of orchids which she held.
"Something blue." too, was worn by
many of the guests at the church, and
pretty Mrs. Arthur Leslie, Lady Mar
tin, Mrs. Boyle (whose dark blue dress
was enriched with wonderful Russian
sables), and Mrs. Atherton (whose
bright blue velvet gown sported a sin-
Appropriate Title. — "That's a queer
looking man In the black clothes," re
marked the Eastern tourist. "Yea," re
plied the Westerner, "that's Decalogue
Dick; he's a kind of a Gospel sharp."
"I suppose he gets hi3 title because of
his preaching the Ten Commandments,,
eh?" "Well, partly that, I reckon, and
partly because he's broke so frequent
ly."—Catholic Standard and Times.
The old rhyme was carried out to the
letter by Miss Frances Harvey, whose
marriage to Sir Patrick Playfair at* St.
Paul's Knightbridge, recently, will
long be remembered in the annals of
society weddings, as one of the pret
tiest mixtures of old-world superstition
and up-to-date smartness.
"Green stockings for luck," was an
other quaint idea carried out at the
wedding. -According to tradition the
wearer must be one bridesmaid out of
six, and must be older than the bride
herself. It was a small matter to ex
cite so much interest, and yet the
crowd of watchers outside the church
door included many smartly-dressed
women, whose single motive was to
catch a glimpse of the green stockings.
Each pretty, bridesmaid as she stepped
daintily out of her carriage had no
Something; old and something new;
Something borrowed and something: blue.
Luck-Bringing Observances at the
Playfair Wedding In
London.
GREEN STOCKINGS
s . AGAIN' FASHIONABLE
Patience — He's a regular bruiser.
Patrice — He's nothing of the sort.
"He plays football, doesn't he?"
"Yes. every day of the season."
"And football players bruise one an
other, don't they?"
"That's what they do."
"Well, a man who bruises another ia
a bruiser, Isn't he?" — Yonkera States
man.
Easton, Eldrldge & Co. will auction
properties on Tuesday, January 12, and
will offer the 'following:
A lot, 50x105 feet, irregular, and four
new flats, on the south line of West
avenue, 90 feet east of Mission street;
lot 25x125 feet, and a cottage, on the
east line of Cole street, 135 feet north
of Frederick; lot 24:ll%xll9:8 feet, and
a nine-room residence, on the west line
of Second avenue. 181:6 feet south of
Lake street; lot 25x100 feet, and a two
story building, on the west line of Ala
,bama street, 215 feet south of Twenty
fifth; lot 25x100 feet, and two flats, cm
the southwest line of Tenth street, 275
feet southeast of Harrison: lot. 34:5x90
feet, on the northeast corner of Va
lencia-and Twenty-fourth streets; lot
25x82:6 feet, and a cottage, on the north
line of .Twentieth street, 25 feet west
of Hartford; lot 25x101 feet, on the east
line of Lotta street, 100 feet south of
Parnassus avenue; lot 25x80 feet, and
four flats, on the south line of Minna
street, 177:6 feet west of Russ; Iot*68x90
feet, oq the west side of Valencia street,
261:6 feet north of Twenty-sixth street;
lot 22x114 feet, and a two-story house,
on the north line of Twenty-sixth
street, near Castro.
Schilling & Co. will erect a building
in the mission style of architecture on
the property at the southwest corner
of Folsom and Second streets, with col
onnades, a waterfall, a central garden,
etc., in pursuance of the general es
thetic plan for their establishment.
Harvey H. Dana will expend $60,000
to erect an eiffht-story and ¦ basement
office building on the southwest corner
of , Stockton street and Union Square
avenue.
Henry N. Bothin ¦will build a three-
avenue, 150 feet north of O. street, to
P. J. Wilson; 25x100 on the south line
of I street, 82:6 feet west of Forty
seventh avenue, to B. A. McKillop;
25x120 on the west side of Forty-fifth
avenue, 175 feet south of K street, to
J. H. Avery; 50x120 on the west line
of Forty-second avenue, 200 feet south
of N street, to W. H. Murray, and lot
50x120 on the west line of Seventeenth
avenue, 275 feet- north of Clement
street, to Philip Aubry, 25x100 on the
northwest corner of Brazil avenue and
Paris street to D. and J. Atkinson;
50x100 on the northwest line of Mad
rid street, 275 feet southwest of China
avenue, to A. Zettenberg; 25x100 on
the northwest line qf Madrid street,
250 feet southwest of Brazil avenue,
to William Aitken; lot 16 in the Getz
addition to Lakeview to Jerome Ter
ry; 50x125 on the north line of. Thrift
street, 100 feet east of Plymouth, to
Frederic Bolger; 25x100 feet on the
south line of West Park street, 125
feet west of Mission, to George Ve
rina.
Recent sales reported by Sol Getz &
Son are as follows: v
East line of Thirty-seventh avenue,
100 feet north of D street, 100x120 feet,
to J. J. Schwartz, for $800; east side
of Seventeenth avenue. 175 feet north
of I street. 25x120 feet, to T. D. Eearce;
southwest corner of Brazil avenue and
Edinburgh street. 25x100 feet, with im
provements, to D. Daly; west line of
Forty-seventh avenue, 225 feet north of
I street. 25x120 feet, to I. Grant, for
$S00; southeast line of Vienna street,
125* feet northeast of Persia avenue, 25x
100 feet, to T. N. Prudden.
OFFERED AT AUCTION.
gle monster-blue-mauve orchid In
front) were some of those who, by
chance or design, followed out the
bride's wish. — London Express.
story structure on the northwest corner
of Folsom and Eckert streets to cost
$30,000. The building will be used for
an elevator factory.
Contracts have been placed by Isaac
Liebes for the construction of a nine
story and basement building on the
southwest corner of Turk and Jones
streets.
B. Getz reports that during the
month just closed he has sold lots in
Sunset and Ocean Heights^ and Rich
mond districts and also in the Excel
sior Homestead tracts as follows:
Lot 25x120 feet on the west line of
Forty-eighth avenue, 212:6 feet north
of K street, to Dora Kienzle; 25x120
on the east line of Nineteenth avenue,
100 feet south of P street, to Albert
Genster; 25x120 on the east line of
Nineteenth avenue, 125 feet south of
P street, to George Field; 25x120 on
the east line of Ninth avenue, 150
feeet south of H street, to M. Ivanco
vich; 25x120 on the west line of Sev
enth avenue, 125 feet south of J street,
to Frederick Teague; 25x120 on the
east line of Ninth- avenue, 275 feet
south of J street, to Samuel Y. Young;
50x120 on the west line of Eighth
avenue, 200 feet north of N street, to
C. A. Davie; eight lots 200x120 on the
northeast corner of O street and For
ty-fifth avenue to O. J. Hilton; four
lots 100x120 on the east line of For
ty-fifth avenue, 200 feet north of O
street, to S. E. Coiner; three lots 75x
120 on the west line of Forty-fourth
The following sales are reported by
F. B. Surrhyne: Mrs. E. Kcarns to
Mrs. E. Samud, two flats and lot at
228-30 Scott street, near Haight.
$6500; Mrs. A. M. Swett to Mrs. L.
Robitscher, two Hats at 2012-14 Sut
ter street, between Webster and Fill
more, $8500; J. F. Sims to John Die
ling, three flats and lot 25x80 feet at
503-5 Howard street, near Twenty
first, $4 500; C. A. Musto to George
Hummell, lot on the west line of Web
ster street, 110 feet north from Green,
27:6x107:6 feet, $2600; Mrs. I. M.
Peterman to Mrs. C. Hund. four flats
and lot 25x80 feet, 24 3 Tehama street,
between Third and Fourth, $3000;
Mrs. C. M. Sawyer to A. G. Eells,
house and lot, 649 Hyde street, be
tween Geary and Post, lot 20x57 feet,
for $9000; lot on the east line of Park
Hill avenue, 77 feet south from Rue
na Vista avenue, 25x115 feet, for
$1100.
THE OUTSIDE LANDS.
City, five acres to B. C. Byrd of Je
rome, A. T., for $1375; villa sites to E.
J. Gillick and F. L. Fletcher; sixty
acres at Fair Oaks, San Mateo County,
to H. R. Fee of Oakwood Park for
subdivision and sale; for the Sacra
mento Land Company, eighty acres of
the Boggs tract, in Colusa County, to
H. S. Edwards of Iowa, for $5000, "and
ajchoice tract of twenty-nine acres In
the same ranch to Dr. Farrell of Mon
tana for $2500; CM. Wooster to W.
H. Drezen, five acres of young vine
yard in the San Martin rancho, for
$1000, and for the Santa Clara Valley
Land Company at San Martin, Santa
Clara County, twelve and a half acres,
to Guy Lathrop, for $1250; ten acres
to E. W. Heller of Chicago, for $1000;
twelve and a half acres to H. L. Rod
gers of Chicago, for $1250; twelve
and a half acres to H. Krone of Ohio,
for $1250; twenty acres to Dr. C. F.
Snyder of the United States- army, for
$2600, and twenty-three acres to Pat
rick-Judge, for $2300.
The following sales are reported by
Chatfleld & Vanzent: Eighty-three
acres of orchard and vineyard prop
erty, near Calistoga, Napa County,
from R. B. Thompson to Charles .B.
Wills, for $4150; forty-two acres of
choice orchard land, with improve
ments, in Santa Cruz County, from
William F. Church to Arthur Cum
mings of Illinois, for $4200; 784 acres
of srrain and alfalfa land, eighteen
miles from Stockton, from Sylvester
Burns to Alexander Wilson . of Des
Moines, la., for $23,520; eighteen
acres of unimproved .rolling land,
three and a half miles from Redwood
City, from G. J. T. Wright to C. T.
Emerson, for $1800, and 512 acres,
near San Rafael, used for dairy pur
poses, from E. Ford to M. T. Freitas,
for SS500.
Boardman Bros. & Co. report the fol
lowing sales made during the holiday
season: Lot 25x100 feet, with two mod
ern flats, on the west line of Wlllard
street. 100 feet south of Golden Gate
avenue, for J. F. Bent to Mrs. Collins,
for $5350;. for the Bigarel heirs, prop
erty on the south line of Washington
street, 221 feet west of Montgomerj't
20:2^x68:9 feet, with a two-story brick
buildlnir, to a client of the office for
57000; for the Tucker estate, lot on the
west line of Twenty-eighth avenue, 175
feet north from C street, lot 65x120 feet,
for $526; for the Tucker estate, lot on
the northeast corner of. D street and
Forty-second avenue, running north 600.
feet to C street, east 240 feet to. Forty
first avenue, thence southwest to D
street, with a frontage on the latter
thoroughfare of 102:8 feet, sold to Mrs.
Margaret A. SkelTy, the owner of the
balance of the block, for. $7150; for J.
J. Coughlln. the property on the north
line of Howard street, 200 feet west
from iFirst street, 25x85 feet and two
old flats, on private terms, but close to
$11,500.
C. M. Woostcr &. Co. "have sold the
following: properties: .Thirty-nine and
a half acres adjoining the city of
Redwood, for $7500, to E. Haseler; In
the suburban, division of Redwood
Mary Mahoney to Reuben C. Haas,
lot and Improvements on the southeast
line of Stevenson street, southwest from
Fifth, for $10,000;, estate of Lawrence
Felvey to- R,euben C. Haas. 22:6x80 feet
on the west corner of Jessie street and
Mint avenue, for $18,900; for E. A.
Sturge, 2Sx90 feet, and improvements,
at 145 Buchanan street, for $6500; for
Thomas Corbett, 25x75 feet, and im
provements, at 686 and 690 Hayes street,
for $6000: for the William Ede estate,
25xS0 feet, on the west line of Mission
street, 1S5 feet north of Nineteenth, for
$3450; for Mrs. B. McManus, 25x80 feet,
and improvements, at 136 and 133 Clara
street, for $3100; for G. E. Hunt, 25x114
feet, on the north side of Twenty-sec
ond street, west of Church, for $650.
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold for
Horace Davis the three lots on the
southwest corner of Gough and Vallejo
streets, 32:6 feet on the west line of
Gough street by 110 feet in depth along
the south line of Vallejo street. These
three lots were purchased by John
Mallliard for $14,300. He intends to
erect on the lots two first-class homes.
This closes the sale of all the vacant
lots that were owned by Horace Davis
in that block.
IN* CITY ANT> COUNTRY.
From Mrs. Catherine Larson to F. K.
Houstcm. lot 23:6x137:6. and improve
ments, on the east side of First street,
86:6 feet north of Folsom, for $9500;
James Carolln to Herman H. Helbush.
lot 37:6x100, on the southeast corner of
Sacramento and Locust streets, for
$3750: J. P. Trouillet to Edward G. Vail,
lot 28:3x128. and a two-story house, on
the west side of Flllmore. for $6500;
Mrs. Lisette B. Trelchel to Charles E.
Wilson, lot 25x120. and a cottage, on
the east side of Twenty-fourth street,
100 feet south of Lake, for $2000; the
Western Pacific Land Company to
Philip Monroe, five lots in the Crystal
Springs tract in Berkeley, for $2000;
Thomas R. White Jr. to Mrs. Margaret
A. Skelly, outside lands, block 1003,
bounded by P and Q streets and Thir
ty-ninth and Fortieth avenues, for
$3000; Mrs. Carrie L. Atwood to P.
Connell. lot S2:6xl25, on the west side
of Diamond street. 137:6 north of Twen
tieth, for $2700: Mrs. Emily Winters to
Edward F. Franks, lot 25x120, and two
fiats, for $7750; and two flats, on the
south side of Haight street, 100 feet
east of Webster, and Mrs. Clara M.
Frank and Milton S. Eisner to Mrs. L.
L. de la Montanya, lot 37:6x102:8, on
the northwest corner of Sacramento
and Spruce streets, for $5000.
Sales are reported by G. H. Umbsen
& Co. as follows:
O. D. Baldwin & Son have made the
following sales:
SAMPLE DECEMBER SALES.
Emma A. Harrington has sold the
property on the west line of Larkin
street, 27:6 feet south of Turk, to
George G. Burnett for $21,500.
Two transactions of some size were
recorded on Friday last. These were
the sale of the northeast corner of Mc-
Allister and Octavia streets by the es
titte of Isaac Selig to Robert G. Kelson
for $20,000, and the sale by Annie A.
Barton and others to the J. Cuneo
Company of the southwest corner of
Pacific and Stockton streets for $22,600.
Thomas Magee & Sons and Bovee,
Toy & Co. were the brokers who made
the deal by which the southwest cor
ner of Beale and Mission streets, 137 :6x
137:6, was sold for $150,000. The pur
chaser is the W. P. Fuller Company.
If any proof were needed of the solid
ity of Ban Francisco realty as an in
vestment It would be supplied by the
figures of the total transactions In real
ty in this city during the twelve
months that ended December 31, 1903.
The statistics concerning the deals of
the year 1903 were published in The
Call yesterday.
Attention is called to the figures rela
tive to sales and mortgages. The total
sales were $47,710,157. The mortgages
were In total $32,818,821. That shows
that there was an actual investment of
capital by purchasers of at least $15,
000,000 of their own money, and that
the banks and others loaned twice that
amount on the properties that changed
hands. The banks, in other words,
stood back of their belief in the fu.ture
of San Francisco with the readiness to
loan $32,000,000 on it in one year — twice
the sum the buyers invested in cash.
The last week of 1903 closed with few
sales to record. There are deals of
some size that will probably come to a
conclusion during: the present month
and start the new year off handsomely.
The realty brokers are still looking for
ward for a prosperous year in 1504.
Through the agency of G. H. Umbsen
& Co. 45x67:6 feet and improvements
on Bush street, 675 and 677, between
Stockton and Powell streets, has been
sold for $45,000. The lot runs through
to Ankeny plac?. The purchaser is a
client of G. H. Umbsen & Co.
John Roeenfeld's Sons are the pur
chasers of the old Lachman & Jacobi
property, at Second and Bryant streets.
The price paid was approximately $250,
000. The deal went through some time
ago, but the deed has only Just been
recorded.
Loan in Twelve Months on Solid Security the Sum of
$32,000,000, or More Than Double Whole Amount That
Purchasers Had in Cash to Buy Lots and Improvements
BANKS SHOW CONFIDENCE
IN LOCAL REAL ESTATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. JANUARY 3, 190i.
28
More Exciting Than Ever
in the
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
THE LOVE PROBLEM IX
"CRITTEXDEX"
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Makes "Old Men"-
Boys Again
Free receipt that restores^ youthful
vitality to men of all ages can now
be had of the discoverer with-
out cost — Cures nervous de-
bility, prostatic trouble, emis-
sions, etc. and restores
normal nerve - power
almost instantly.
FULL DIRECTIOHSFOR HOME CURE
Now that they have found a new ingredient
that makes cures 50 per cent quicker than for-
merly and practically gives the desired effect
over night the Dr. Knapp Medical Co. of De-
troit, the worlds greatest authorities on the
1 cure of vital weakness, want every weak man
to write them for the free receipt that does this
wonderful good, and full directions now to cure
youmlt privately at home. There Is no man so
old that this receipt will not make .him feel
like a youngster a^ain: and middle-aged men
who think their best days are gone will have a
happy surprise in etore for them. It is a bless-
ing indeed to any man who is not as good as
he used to be. and whether you are in the »i
or in the GO'S the effect will be equally eatis-
; factory and quick.
From what those who have used it say, a
man can expect the change in leas than 24
hours and a permanent cure In a short time.
1 It curea nervous debility, premature discharge,
undeveloped organs, emissions. varlcocele.
stricture. Jack of power. - exhaustion, etc.. and
curea it permanently to stay cured. It acts di-
rectly on the muscular tissue, mucous mem-
braneF, nerves and glands, and the effect is a
comforting one Indeed. . .
If you can make use of a receipt that brings
about euch happy results send your name and
Address to-day to the Dr. Knapp Medical Co..
1S1U Hull Building. Detroit. Mich., and it will
be «*nt you by return mail together with di-
rections for a private home cure and a descrip-
tive booklet on your disease, all In an un-
marked package.
Let there be no delay.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•| Our first Winter Sale, and we intend to make a preat impression on /
I -M '>yEzr you. All Ladies' Coats, Jackets, Dresses and Skirts subject to 25 per cent I
1 \j^"j/* discount. No garment reserved; all must go in order to make way for I I
S^J our new Spring Models. 1
x ' >>^tC"--v.K^ even if the garment has been already reduced 'I
0^^ i W^}?\ THIS DISCOUNT IS ALLOWED. I
r'&tl1ffn/<:-jBB$$tt Children's Flannelette Gowns, age 4 and 6, "were 45c, clear out price.. "r>c
V.i}inillf'>\ : JriSlxS£i Children's Flannelette Gowns, age S and 10, were 50c. clear out price. .i5n«.r
: flHBli Children's Flannelette Gowns, age 12 and 14, were 50c, clear out price. .40c
'Hul ///¦•'^K^vrall Ladies' Flannelette Gowns, were 75c, clear out price ."3c
£fi\ IK 4r7^y Ulllft Ladies' Flannelette Gowns, were $1 and $1.25, clear out price 7.~»e
wi^\U\| TW'Z&r^aB Eiderdown Sacques, were $1.00. clear out price 7."e
: - ¦' '. ul Muslin Gown*, were $1.00 and $1.25, clear out price 93c
' Drawers, embroidered and hemstitched, were $2.50 and S3.50, clear
W$&&£Jllfifit* Ladies' Drawers, were 35c, clear out price ii.">c
I W^B^yJIflt Ladies' Drawers, were 50c. clear out price Tt.ic
I ra^^i^y/li Corset Covers, were 25c, clear out price 10c
I ™V\*Jr^&r Corset Covers, were 35c and soc. clear out price 23c
I Cl^ar Out Sale Millinery
J, . . .;- All of our. trimmed and untrimmed hats must go—here are the reductions- I I
I $5.00 Tailor Hats now ..:... SI. OO J 15.00 Hats now «r rA
I J20.00 Hats now ..$10.00 .$10.00 Hata now SsVftA
I ' $7.50 Hats now 83.75 ' * w
1 \ "f O vCLuAK a FUR CO. 111
s ADVERTISEMENTS. _; •' _ _ _ _ -- ¦ —
P>) The last pieces and last rolls of carpets jig | 'a
Mf whose textures and designs have made l jffl J 'l
W this department famous. Odds and ends J j|j ' |||
affl of a wonderful carpet year, and practi- 2|
v^ 1 1 callyatyourown price. For the room, the m /^ii^^
f "ijjt! hallorthecornerthattheremnantwillfit. C^M^^^^y
I W Dpi ICQFI Q The same Floral. Oriental and Persian two- \fj . \ ll^/y^^/ :^\^^L
Z^^*/^ \ /~^ ' W[ DIVUOOLLO tone designs that have crowded this ccr* !i /^V Mf x vl&A M3
/ / ) |tn floor on many a special day. , This week, per yard, not laid.... DD\j Ufa I WvA^/^Avi/^^^ ¦
V ti^JnL r\ 0§\ TAPFQTRY RRIIQQFI Q Every harmony In carpet /£ r J*j3$0&d^^^
>> ife^ SCI iWi lAlr HOII\I BIYUOOLLO - patterns, and a -7 ff-, Kg f^W&AT'**>\\R£$\
( \xXXX- ?^? fFl wonderful array of them. By the yard, not laid J sj\j i*J Wi3^y^l^W'4W-'l^ K^ ' I
fW=v" |jS K*™ ROnY RRIIQQFI Q_— The $1.85 Brussels that made this CT f* V&^V^WJjV C '"""'I
I^A-A I TV l( jjjl U\JU I UIXVOOLLO department famous; the designs £gj W/(tiW t '''wYA M
¦V^V ' fifll that have kept it famous. All patterns unreserved but <j»| f\f\ /ffj f^^\ tyAwfr*A*y$»A (5 h\ It
jgg=§ysUI fiBj not laid, the yard ..< tpLUU > « / JUJ HKjiS^f^ V 81
TjTTTrr------- p^s Sifl \ YIV/ilMQTFPQ ..Luxurious, deep colored, h'gh pile cover- /^9 { y^^J^Sri JL & I»I
SMI /^AIVBIIIO I LI\O ings, marked to a minimum O I Off CT \ A*$2A?I?J VJ 0 >L P) SI
I T~^ ==^^^^2==Sil W price. This week, the yard, not laid xpl.^v) J^Ol*djul l!^^^»^f
i fejsjs C^T 3Z\Sk: gH DII^C Reversible, 30 by 60 Inch, or 27 by 54 Inch CL€\t\ t&l Ik I?i5
mffl f$M IP § >IS$ l»vUO"" Rugs, solid colors or color designs; this week... OUb SJ P {ifildE^lJl 8 B :
~-- =-2| EiEljrgJf QvIO PB |ft C..:aH Brussels Rugs in many deslgns-for the • J ~ d &3l 13 *
- i^S^\ S3 n !Sf I +?*'*' "vUO parlor, the living room, the (t 1 O T C .> U^Tiv! » *•>
% §&*$% <fi%\. % fi ||" }{ kl dlnin £ room; this week 4>1Z./D *J3 -'?*& $t\A ' PJl ffl IS
— ~~^---~=J. yl Ll Ihrani I Illinfl FBIMQ —^a^ of the best pulverized cork and lln- ffl y^Wlv's B ti$>
I P'^BBRP !SS Llll '^ LLV ' |TI| v seed oil. By the square yard, not OAp 04 A^ m& r&yi™ <* ¦ IP 1 fc
\ "— — ~ ill MS IVI/ITTI\lflQ Neat patterns and designs. Your choice, iff /rtfe"^ l 1f //Sfl L rt fl'
fl fl R & ift 9 tiijjj I'lrtl III\UO"" by the yard, not laid IDC /ft 1 1 ijUjMi m t& H *6 Pl|*
P^l IJ i - DRAPERIES WwitiB&« I'-
I 1 nPE' t\ iSlfSSfi N 650 pairs of Curtains for the Drapery special IT » £ A|j~/ pi r —^Zr R £ B
?=- /*/)n' af L IIiKWX i 1 this week. Every Curtain marked at from ;,' | I \Z* * £ * I I'//. «- CA^ C P"l »
LsT i f- j*5 " fl &3 ¥/ to l A Its regular prlc?. Clunys. Irish Point. \/ mi* f iW D 7ai£-
W[ c/^ n r4h" P Id ImTr *-/\L Arabians, Dentile Arabians. Renaissance, Not- ¦¦/>-% £ A r t % k PRi ™ "^Z- fll (SI S
L_ ° nifP'S'r U HlKS'1 /O tlnghams. striped, colored Madras In bedroom / £ 5l !i nJJ «r * r n »ui< h 5 £
I — £/?'*>¦-* 51 - U? ml effects-all go. special this week; onc-thlrd | | f *_ ff ' f. ,'/g/ E fflW 1 ? II LP==
0i >->V> b m a fc to one-half the old price. ,V «£ t & ITT '^ - _- 1^^^£
__ff BgaiB 1 1|! gi _„ fiT^«^ - " ' BSE I- I Im Bh°S«* 9
P C mB I " The Credk H ° USe ' ' 233-235-237 Post, St. jj 1 fkfl /M^ifP'j^T &
ADVERTISEMENTS.
B. KATSCH1NSKI
. Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
ffif- ; Afljolr^a r Call Building".
WeTlust
Boom Trade,
A Big Cut to Start
The Year Going Right
Trade generally slackens down *
after the holidays, and to keep
business humming we have decid-
ed to make ;i deep cut in the price
of shoes. All our holiday novel-
*tks will be pacriflced regardless
of cost. Watch our ads. for it
will moan money In your pocket,
for we intend to increase our busi-
ness, even if we liavo to sell less
than cost. Here is where prices
talk loud. I-Adlcs' patent leather
three-strap button sandals, orna-
mented with steel cut beads, fash-
ionable plain coin toes, hand
turned soles and Cuban heels. The
price reduced to 81.1 0. Sizes
2>i to 7>i, widths A to K.
/V\V full
Boudoir Slippers Cheap.
The daintiest novelty on the
market, comfort and warmth in
every pair. Indies 1 finest eider-
down floece-lined slippers with
Iamb's wool soles. Our price cut
to 75 ceat«. Sizes 5 to 8.
0 I 0 El BfiBBBBSy
Patent Leather Bluchars,
This season's style and every one
knows how neat a Blucher lace fits.
'This shoe is first class in every
way and the price is cut just to
boom business. Ladies' patent
leather kid Hlueher lace shoes
with dull mat kid tops, stylish
coin toae and tips, medium weight
extension soles and military heels,
will be sola et Sl.t;r, a pair.
Sizes r^i to 8. widths A to K.
Bathroom Slippers.
For the bedroom and bath.
Something unique, handy and
fetching. Ladies" and gents' red
mohair flannel slippers with plush
carpet soles. Just to introduce
them, the price, '2Ti cents. La-
dies' sizes 3 to S. Men's sizes 6
to 11.
Boys' Dressy Kid Shoes.
Neat and dressy in appearance,
but are guaranteed for wear.
youths' and boys' vici kid lace
shoes with dull kid tops, mannish
toes and tips and extension soles,
widths B to EE. The price cut to
Youths'. Fizes 11 to 2 £1.1 ."»
Boys', sizes 2^4 to 5% $1.35
Child's Felt Juliets.
Don't neglect to buy a pair of
warm lined Juliets for the chil-
dren. A big reduction in price.
Infants*, children'* and misses'
fur-trimmed, flannel-lined red or
green felt Juliets. The Infants'
sizes have felt soles nnd the child's
and misses' turned soles and
spring heels, Infants', sizes 2 to
0. for 35c; child's, sizes 5 to 8,
at 50e: children's, sizes 9 to 11,
SOLD rOS 60 CENTS; misses'.
cizesl2to2. SEDUCES TO 70c*
Oa and after this data this
store will aeala dose at 6 p. m.
ob week - days and 10 o'clock oa
Saturday nights.
IB. KATSCH1NSKI
I Philadelphia Shoe Co.
If 10 TBTISP ST.. Sin Francisco.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 per Year*.WELL - KNOWN . LECTURER
WHO WILL BE HEARD
HERE SOON.
Rev. Father Deshon Buried.
NEW YORK, Jan. 2.— Services over
the body of , the Rev. Father George
Deshon, superior general and one of
the founders of the, Missionary So
ciety of v the Paullst Fathers, were held
at the church* of §t. Paul the Apostle
to-day. The Very .Rev. Michael- J.
JLavelle, .vicar general, preached the
sermon and the final absolution waa
pronounced by Archbishop Farley.
Driver Burned to Death.
CHICAGO, ; Jan. 2.- — A man sup
posed to be James Davis, a driver for
the - Todd Teaming , * Company, . ,was
burned to death to-day in a fire which
destroyed the: Western News Com
pany's barns. ' Another body Is be
lieved to be in the ruins. More than
fifty horses were in the structure. All
were taken out in safety. r
DENVER, ; Jan. 2. — John j W.
Springer, president of the National
Live Stock' Association, left this city
to-day for Portland, Ore., going by
way of California, to attend the. as
sociation's annual convention v next
week.
"Reports indicate that more-stock
men are going than were ever at a
previous convention," said Mr. Spring
er. "One,of4he principal topics on
the tongues of all who are going Is,
How tot fight the beef trust We cer
talnly.wlll take~up that subject. Then
there are: big questions of politics, of
railroads and the packing interests,
and all of them will come up for vital
consideration."
STOCKMEX PREPARE TO
FIGHT BEEP TRUST
NEW YORK, Jan. 2.— To-day's vio
lent break in prices of stocks was sud
den and unexpected and the grounds
for the heavy liquidation of the day
are not clear even now, although it is
evident that an acute apprehension
of the effects of the coming outbreak
of war between Russia and Japan was
the Impelling cause. The news of the
day was rather more hopeless of the
possibility of avoiding war. but "Wall
street has accepted war as the as
sured outcome of the situation for
some time and has viewed that out
come with apparent equanimity with
out selling to discount a war scare, as
is the invariab*- custom of specula
tive markets in face of a coming
event. The cumulative force of the
alarmed 6elllng movement to-day
therefore gave rise to fears that some
thing was known in the interior cir
cles of great capitalists of ulterior
complications threatening to Involve
other powers in the coming struggle.
ARJIY MAX'S VIEWS.
The published expressions of opin
ion of a general involvement uttered
by an American military authority
and intimations that an outbreak of
war would involve a delicate situation
for all the great powers, including the
United Stages, were seized upon to
feed the prevalent alarm. The effect
upon the market lost nothing In force
from the fact that the considerable
speculative commitments have been
made in expectation of a January de
mand for securities, which may be
checked by the course of events which
is feared. Other considerations seem
ed to be wholly ignored and the bank
statement offered nothing to counter
act the disposition to get out of stocks.
The first of the year Is expected to in
volve large changes in banking items,
but to-day's $16,000,000 loan expan
sion, following that of over $12,000,
000 last week.* is indicative of other
demands than year-end payments
and causes the fear that last win
ter's enormous corporation borrow
ings after January 1 are to be dupli
cated this year. The market closed
active and weak, in spite of spasmod
ic rallies in spots, and losses on the
day range from 1 to 4 points on the
principal stocks.
The advance of the last few weeks
in prices of stocks showed some hesl-
Governor Appoints a Commissioner.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 2. — Governor
Pardee to-day appointed A. S. Lyon
pf Placerrille commissioner of the
Lake Tahoe road, to fill the unexpired
term of J. s. Baker, who died some
time aeo.
Outlook in the Far East
Has a- Depressing: Effect
on General Stock Market
TALK OF WAR
IS DISTURBING
rowing was beginning earlier than us
ual without waiting for the actual re
lease of funds' after. the January dis
bursements. Last year the loan con
traction continued up to the end of the
year, but from December 25, 1902, to
February 21.-1903, the loans of the New
York banks expanded to the extent of
nearly $76,000,000, bringing the total of
that Item to $950,000,000. the high record.
REACTION NOT ACUTE.
While the tightening ofthe money
market has checked the activity and
the advance in the market, the reac
tion has not become acute and the
profit taking by professional operators
has been well taken. The action of
the market has fostered the impres
sion that powerful support has been
at hand .to conserve the purposes of
the advance. The opinion is general
that an important element of these
purposes lg to Improve the showing in
investments held by great financial
corporations in yearly balance sheets
to stimulate the market for taking
new bond offerings to better advan
tage, and also to some extent to make
a higher level of prices on which to
meet the demand of the general out
side public, which is hoped for with
the January relaxation of the money
markets. The freedom from any pres
sure upon the market in face of the
tation this week and came to a halt
when admonished by the stiffening of
the rate for call loans, which gave
warning of the need impending for the
use of funds recently accumulated In
banking reserves. These funds have
been placed on call pending the demand
for their employment in paying off the
year end obligations for which they
were accumulated. The amount of the
dividends and interest to be paid in
January are variously estimated at
from 5130,000.000 to J150.000.000. By skill
ful management it is possible to ar
range for the transfer of the greatest
part of this by bookkeepinsr accounts
and by not disturbing the aggregate
bank deposits. But the'banks are ac
customed to take account of the pos
sibility of the simultaneous presenta
tion of the checks sent out for this year
end payments and to arrange their re
serves accordingly. The further en
gagements of gold in L—idon for im
port this week have been viewed there
fore with satisfaction and have been
a material factor in moderating the in
fluence of the higher money rate. The
course of the loan item of the banks
in the next few weeks is another factor
to be keenly watched. Large railroad
bond issues are known to be impending
and last week's heavy loan expansion
gave warning that the corporation bor-
advance has been an encouraging fac
tqr in itself and sentiment over the
business outlook has grown less pessi
mistic.
' STEEL OUTLOOK.
This is notably true regarding the
iron and steel outlook. Reports froin
railroad traffic officials of a pressure of
business sufficient to threaten car
shortage in some directions were not
without effect upon sentiment. The
wild speculation in the cotton market
has been a disturbing factor rather
than otherwise, but this has been re
stricted.
Factors in the background which
have not lost heir force are the unset
tling: influences of a national political
campaign, the decision in the North
ern Securities case to come and the
shaping of consumptive demand for
products during 1 the coming year.
The bond market has reflected only
a light investment demand and prices
have moved Irregularly.
United States new fours, registered,
have declined Y<, the threes 1% and
the old fours 2 per' cent on the call
durins the week.
The body was placed in the crpyt of
the church. The cadets at the "West
Point Military Academy, of which
Father Deshon was a graduate and
classmate of General. Grant, sent A
wreath of immortelles.
SAYS MOUMOX CHURCH
IS NOT AGAJXST LABOR
Proidrncy Makes Emphatic Denial
That Influence lias Been Used
Against Unions.
SALT LAKE, Jan. 2. — The first
presidency of the Mormon church to-
Oay sent a telegram to President
Gompers of the American Federation
of Labor denying the charge that the
church had taken a stand ag'ainst or
ganized labor. The message, which is
signed by President Joseph H. Smith
'and his advisers in the first presi
dency. John R. Winder and Anton H.
Lund, is as follows:
' "A report having been circulated
that the Mormon church has used its
influence against organized labor and
has endeavored to fill the places of
•union strikers with non-union men.
•we hereby emphatically deny that the
church over which we preside has
¦taken any such step or issued any in
structions on this matter. The whole
'story originated in a false newspaper
report."
The charges referred to arose from
the reading at the regular tabernacle
services last Sunday of a notice by
President George Q. Cannon of the
Salt Lake Stake that men were want
ed In the Utah coal mines to fill the
places of strikers. President Cannon
Bays the notice was handed him by a
coal company official and read with
other notices, as is the custom. No
Question of church Influence, he says,
was directly or indirectly connected
with the reading of the notice.
Much interest ls being manifested in
the coming: series of lectures by Burton
Holmes, the renowned traveler and
speaker. The sale of reserved seats
will open this morning at the music
store of Sherman, Clay & Co. The first
of the rerics is to be given on Tuesday
rvening. January 12, at Lyric Hall, on
Eddy street.
The Holmes talks have alwavs been
popular with the people of this city
and have always received favorable
criticism, not only here, but all over
the United States. Mr. Holmes has a
fascinating way of addressing an au
dience, and he never fails to hold the
attention of his listeners.
The firsj. lecture will be on the Yo-
Femite Valley. This. beautiful spot of
nature has always been a favorite with
•Mr. Hclmes. During the course of his
Ueture? Mr. Holmes will also speak
on the Klondike, and devote his efforts
to describing places of interest of Eu
rope and the Orient. The lectures vill
be illustrated by hundreds of beautiful
Ftereopticon viewp.
Burton Holmes Will Begin
Series of Discourses at
Lyric Hall.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY. JANUARY 3, 1904.
LECTURES
BY NOTED
TRAVELER
29
ADVERTISEMENTS.
K ak BQqBHmP mmtttm&Br v
BREAKS UP
Prevents Pneumonia.
"Avoid undue exposure to cold. Cold
and damp weather are very prolific
causes of all caiarrhal troubles. ¦
"As Pneumonia is often preceded by
Grip,J>atients' with the latter malady
should treat its first symptoms with the
least' possible delay, and should not ex-
pose themselves to cold of any kind until
all signs of danger are past.- ..-
; "Persons in attendance upon pneu-
monia patients should bear in mind that
the disease -ts sometimes communicable
through the agency of expectoration."
— N. Y. Herald. r . ¦ »
The use of Dr. Humphreys' "Seventy-
seven", cures Grip, prevents Pneumonia,
and.breakB.up Colds that hang on. ~At
Druggists, '25 cents.
par Medical Guide mailed free. -
Humphreys' Med. " Co., Cor. William and
John Streets, New York. •
ADVERTISEMENTS. , T U--v
CH "ff 3 £1 A T% 1 1 ®* tbc Nosc> Throat » Stomach
ft I II I s ! U H ycT . Bo^ek Cured
One of tie best-known sea captain, and master martnera mating tk» Uiit*<4Bf
San Francisco tells of his remarkable oure "by Eltotre-Oaemlrfary. ¦' V
CAPTAIH A. W. HOIiSTSOIX lives at 2373 Tw«Btar-thtf<
tSS^i street. San Francisco. . In speaking: j of his oore Captaak
WS?si Holstrora said: "For a long time I suffered catarrh oi
~/SL th * nos * and throat. Finally my stomach became affected,
C^X^r2* "res^ This distressed me greatly. I could not eat any br— irf i a»,
YtS \rf«iS*t\ If I tri«d to do so I would have to vomit. My fo^J x*M*m,
/ VT IliUV later in the day did not digest well. I felt always bloated
/ 1 Mf^fnaW I an<1 heavy in the stomach. My liver and bowels were tor-
\ffis 'fiU I P id and m y C p n« r 3l health began to fall. Medicine* Old me
Bvto? rr&tN no ood - nn I decided to take a vacation and attend to n»7
*j^7/J'' sickness. I was well enouch acquainted with electricity t*
know that if it was properly applied that it would oure roe,
I also heard of the success of the Electro-Cbemio treatment
and I promptly availed myself of the opportunity to, take a course of Sleotrs*
Chemistry at the Institute. IIS Grant avenue.
"In one month's treatment I feel that I am perfectly cured. I can eat thre*)
meals a day now. My digestion is perfect. My liver and bowels act normally.
I do not have to take laxative medicine. My general health la better. . Mf
strength is rapidly returning. The catarrh of the nose and throat Is rone. I m
not hawk up the sickening: mucus like I did before. The membrane In my cose la
stronger. I do not feel like sneezing all the time, and it seems almost incredible
to me that In one month's time, at such a little expense, that such curative re-
sults are possible. I do not seek cheap newspaper notoriety, but I really xeet
that sufferers should know of the remarkable success of the Electro-Cbemia
treatment in such cases as mine— cases in which medicines rarely co any goo4-
CONSULTATION pnpf ELECTR0-CHEM1C SPECIALTIES :
AKH 1^ ill BH 1*4 ELECTso-czianwaT cures cast-
„. H 1% \j Lrf Oxa « TTTMOKS, OIJ> 8OSS9. X.TH»US.
EXAMINATION bczzha, aoxsxnumox and oa-
*- AAmJLilA11U1 7 TAJKBK of the IitrsfOS. and It ls th*
All sufferers are invited to call at any only treatment known to science that
time for free consultation, examination will cure these diseases,
and advice The Electro-Chemlc treat- Electro-Chemistry cures diseases of
ana advice, me tiectro t,nemic "^m the STOXACZ, ZOTBS, KTDKBTB and
rrient cures many serious diseases which BOWELS. The worst cases are quickly
are absolutely incurable under the older and permanently cured. Bring a small
systems of medical/treatment. It cures bottle of moraine urine for free exam-
many sufferers out of the surgeon s M usually send the sufferer to
hands. This la particularly so in dis- the surgeC n. are cured by Electro-Chem-
eases peculiar to women. , \. igtry painlessly. No cutting, no dosing
We reallie that quick snd permanent with powerful and poisonous medicines,
cures are the best advertising. Every In R^traiATI3M. mrymA^OXA, XjO-
Elcctro-Chemic patient send, inother. f^f^nt^e^ire^y ttSFSS-
Th«s is the reason why. In less than two ( , ned fc* rv es and muscles, talcing away
years, the Electro-Chemlc practice I. the swelling and pain, and It strength-
the largest in San Francisco. .' ens then from the start.
Special diseases of men are quickly and', permanently cured — Weaknesses,
Blood Contagion, Contracted Disorders. ProsUtic Diseases, etc.. etc.. are ourvd at
small expense with ria strong drugs to ram the stomach.
•HOME 1 TREATMENT. |
rCe loan outside patients our -El-etr-j-Chemic epparatus for home treatment
free of charge. We advise all our outsid-5 patients, when it can possibly b«
done, to come to our office for a thorough personal examination. In mosWn*
1 stances the patient can return home the same day. taking the nocessary treat-
ment along. When it is impossible to visit us. writ* a- careful description of
principal symptoms and full Instructions will be promptly forwarded for home
examination and treatment. . *"•**
ELECT.R(KHEM!C INSTITUTE, " 8 N l*I E^? H o. p A s i ST "
Office hours^-9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 8 p. m. daily. Sundays — 10 a. m. to
1 p. m. Separate apartments for ladles and gentlemen.
_^ GBAPE-KUTS.
DOCTOR'S SHIFT
• • Xow Gets Along Without It.
- . A phye'eian pays: "Until last fall I
used to eat meat for my breakfast and
• Buffered with indigestion until the
\ Irieat had passed from the stomach.
. "Last fall I began the use of Grape-
Nutsf for breakfast and very soon
• ftmnd I could do without meat, for my
body grot all the nourishment neces-
• sary. from the Grape-Nuts, and since
t i.hen I have not had any indigestion
'and am feeling better and have in-
; creased in
" c* v Slnce finding the benefit I derived
•.from Grape-Nuts I have prescribed
• the- tood for all of my patients suf-
fjkririj? from indigestion or over-feed-
• !pg and also for those recovering from
"disease where I want a food easy to
take and certain to digest and that
, t v{jjl not overtax' the stomach.
"I always find the results I look for
r ."Vixen I prescribe Grape-Xuts. For
'¦".hioal reasons please omit my name."
'.Xiime given by mail by Postum Co.,
'jiatrte Creek, Mich.
.* 'The reason for the wonderful
. -amount of nutriment and the easy di-
gestion of Grape-Nuts is not hard to
. -find. ••*"":
• In t tie first place, the starchy part
of the wheat nnd barley goes through
¦ various processes of cooking", to per-
; fectly change the starch into Dextrose
...or Post Sugar, in whicTi state it ls
. ready to be easily absorbed by the
blood. The little parts in the wheat
and barley which nature can make
use of for rebuilding brain and nerve
centers are retained In this remark-;
. able food, and thus the human body
is supplied with the powerful strength
producers bo easily noticed after one
has eaten Grape-Nuts each day for a
•week or ten days. "There's a reason."
Get little hook. "The Road to Well-
ville," in the package.
JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOS ROSENBERG'S. | * JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. '
BJZATi -tHESE IF YOU \CAN' U , Ml'.' 11 '
Wfty ifOJ start (he New year right and ' ' '^^^^^^^^^m^ 1 '
trade where your money does double duty?
The End or the First of tho Year All Stores Keep Underwear. The Motor Belt. Belts jjg (gj^ 1 I 1 1 1 1 H H rl^^m^^^^^^^^^^^^^^C
I* when a preat many We carry one kind— the rood kind. Made. of soft > re in greater demand than 11^ IVj &, 1 I I ' LLLJ-*"^^3^^*P*^SSS»^^^***^^ • — n S~~\
/$jW \ firms make changes. That Made expresily for n«. crushed leather, Wj^^a^&w ever. Here are some of the ¦ %fcSre£te»^ *^.W^^'<** r? TI~gag!g*!if5rtfF^ V i 1
Af/H \ !«. retire from busi- Twenty-live years handling: Under- moire lined. and >2SF*Eg235feJ|v new kind at our usual low \VS'ZZ^ : \*'
mffJi \ neE *< Increase their cap- wear has taug-hi; us all the grood qual- patent adjustable *««£s§fe»sj|SSP price of selling. Made of pleat- •** t^SS>S^e^ :^^>^^^^^SSKamWi^^^daaBlil^ri!fii¥*SL Aft " *A,7 "*
rafiSm I ital cr take in partners. itieB that should be in Underwear. buckle in pilt or j*#w3Qr eJ Penu do Sole silk, straight- i?lr*W^3^SWy>5*\ wSSHrePs^a^vVS&ar IflU'i iM'i •'- -i
ttiia / There i« a traveliatr And. that is what you will find la steel. In blue. rod. *%%r^^ front buckle, also slide Our ""*— *=f *f tHfrmrTfrlT w r ' 1 i^^^Tgii^****-— -¦¦^BflEBC'^ T\\ V 1* I V.^ V
\«M J man that ls firivinsr up curs. Hero are a few, and we have gTeen and black. price 50c J>*JwK^^w(ni/ I % K I Yt3&*i***rr&SK^UBBB^^' N^V^**^^ — ~~"^
8ur.orislngly low pricc?^nd i^wiU be Jsb-* SUITS — The Mentor is THERE aaythinjr more comfort- ?^ Lovers kL^ " "
to your advantage when you see KjfW* make. High neck and long able for these chilly mornlnri than an J&y ©L Of true values "^J&^^^ZzjiM vf ' »V
them. They comprise scarfs, shams. y \lf sleeves; drop seat: neece all-wool ehawl? . fPT\t irfc tfBTk here's some all- J ''
Iray cloths and doylies. Made in hand- 1 J V lined, soit as venet. in gra> It is 40 inct-e- sauare ATMr/iV '"fH^K- sllk maline or
bour and Irish point. JAI Made of steam shrunk wool, J^. mixed; in black, red and jgStfffiW W blue, pink, white the First of the fear. \ AT THE T S^^5^ '^'V 231 -
Regular 10c quality r.c ¥^> Swiss Tibbol" med "urn v'oTght &M& whlte = no "ifs" nor *&&$&* *E »nd black. To- And here ls cne of our many offer- SALVE JARS-Made of heavy class.
" 2 = c qua hty 15c and soft as velvet to the roost tender toj "ands," but we challenso • U* y YaVd'To U1 1° .,. . w ! th c _ bony covers ' 8 « rllc S * Uver
Regular 50c quality ; <J skin. Pants to match, same quality (M&y#f you to match these for ' GOTHAM— The new mill- trimmed.
Regular Sl.OO quality ffl^'.'S- as above; French band, ankle length, • these jor. r .,-L; nn nnftftr nnrl r n , (4 . tary hose supporter and ab- Somebody is losing money. We «X«
Regular $2.00 quality %A'£'J In gray or white A garment 50c «¦*««»' > 50c LUSnlon Lords and Tassels dominal reducer; made with i&W not. And you will know you are not 1
Regular Jo.50 quality &_.-«> LADIES' VESTS The Merode - :, . - 19c Instead of 25 e an e>xtTe^ strong pad with a JOiMfk when you see them at this low
And many others ia higher and lower make, which is known for the softness Ladies Lounging Robe. . -„„ ,., "*-.," „' belt attached; made of four price 5c
Prices. and the purity of the wool; high neck Nothlnir fancy but nlaln -. T,Vil i««,, y % ?« i f ?», i ? straps of faricy filled lisle .
40c and 50c CXTSKIOK COVEBS 10c and long sleeve.; steam shrunki jersey .rood^'.nbrtgtiaL BufjSl fit - oniS&t."™*^ - *° **" **** 1 "« e -* *%$? bi^'Ud A For the Cold, Chilly Weather.
„ ± , Pants or tlehts to match- same oual- axinot h bus l rt t^ em J?l. }*" ffA Silk finish, with extra large tassels. black. Instead of 35c our flA We have some ladles', rood
J90thBrS Ity^^S^S*l? I fi Si™ t r Cl wSt^ e Skl6 h T h lfi°marf extra M Price'"" 6111 comblnatlon of colors. price for the newyeario^a f«» Srt*^^ 1 "^ lBw ll * ll « tt * &
Who hare not tad their little one. length f. A garment S.ic heavy all-wool jorsey-knlt 1 * ¦ " 1Oc llmlted number of days 10c » rio *« •*• *•** low.
wear Perris Oocd Sense Waiit, LADIES' COMBINATION SUITS— eiderdown; deep admirai col- fit i v HATS BWSHIS. _ . . -,-.- Ladies' Petticoats. CY
Here is one at a very little price. Made of stea^n shrunk Australian i ar , finished with a crocheted tffl V^ Solid wood backs, with pure white »„«¦ BhlelL^ba«d Made of knitted fabric, deep JU
It is made of imported twilled cou- v .°° 1 } Oneita make, high nock, long edge i n the shell pattern; but- /MVV sanitary hog bristles, firmly wired to „ Dr f°f Shields on hand h m j vertical ribs- blue.
tille; 6 rows of tailor-stitched cords; sleeves and ankle length; Jersey knit, tons with military frogs, full <'-«l*>^ keep them from pulling out. Our For this time of the year, so we hare pfnk. «ay in color; deep F*
double rows of washable tape buttons, winter weight; in gray or white. You skirt and belted at the waist price 35c cut *£*, pric l' that l hey^ w « 1 , 1 , 1 f UT ? t Z French tisbt fltUns wkS •?
Price ... - "5« positively save 60c on these garments line with an extra largo cord and ! - S°- Nainsook covered and filled with price «"«»» T £aZ
that we are selling for Sl.OO tassels. In gray and red. For less S1 00 Instead of S4 and &*> a vegetable substance, which is wash- te <*oo .
i 3. n j s than what others call a cipiLmne* <»b1« 9/.C/U insiBaa or $* ana pa. able and odorless; medium size; the i ~j:-.~» «»- '¦ -----
Just Received Somsthina New in Ladies' Drawers prk" .-.?. .?".ff .. , «2 85 LADIES' COMBINATION POCKET- quantity will not last long at this low Ladies Drawers.
r~j~. Some of the new- "^ '?'"£ "®* ™ ,£ ! \ Urawers. P"c »^.»o B0QK AND . PURSE _ Made of genulne priC e A pair 7c mex „ Made - 0 * 8^ am ;* l V? a 5
WT/tyf^/sy^ est shape, in the _ **-\ S TJ PA 4 T 5^ T / Pat0 "t r. „ _ , p/ *(,;/,„ o alligator seal, monkey and other good i«5j\ Daisy Cannel; flnl»hed
2%<6j7t<lU/} celebrated la ?• L C V H ;,?-/ ~ Is ma ,, d9 ,? f Txf U0 YOU Feel CO/d Or Chilly? S kins. Some sterling silver trimmed, Wanted tFlM with a deep fiounoe. trim-
— T. TIda Corset ia Jersey knitted cloth umbrella P?v Her . n a grarment . that will keep others plain. You cannot but appre- £'¦'£ nanioa gPjfM med with three row* of
the new 1504 model.. shaped and trimmed with an \ you warm , and It Is 1 not expensive date them, when you inspect them at * tho«sand women to read about Ml •&& £ eat J- eir «" tclll ? 8 £. Z?*°
tra lde torchon lace; V either. the low price of Sl.OO tao.s offering, in ribbon.. iliiSliA bands. In pink. blue.
. - Irc-nch band and button on h--,&f THE 1904 JACKET. y .' Width No. 60. three and JRStf&Bek cream. Just the drawers
Laces ) h>i R!de; t ca /> llv 7^ she 5' no i"|\| Made of extra heavy all- w //«*.«'. n I n* nf /?„«,«„ Rn*h T/,,../, n£83a& one-half Inches wide; <*&£&&* £>? thls cold weather.
ft Down, down go the prices. ron or atarch needed. Kegu- WO o, eiderdown; deep seal- Here S a Lot Of Russian Bath Towels fm3&fa made of heavy Imported >--? r ~^ Price 50c
ig fib You will find it a decided ad- Jj!. 1 "-. 8 . 4fec> extra -IP* loped circular collar; extra VjZ That came to us far under oost. sllk taffeta, satin dotted //»///-•' Hn^ne
>7jvJi/ vantajre to buy now and here. slzes " ° Oc wide new sleeves; new clrcu- r?v> Thcv are ful1 slze - 20 inches wide uKV^i^ effect, corded edge, in Z-Z!Z ¦ *T^Z!!iJ'**m
Wl) uoT. 1^. -s!-!? .s. nr »* b. a, t, oft Sis .-sjii ar^fi-K- O aara.ssrffr pi zffi^s^sss& sf^li7^Err/S
w- -EEHHsS'V,c9 = £* r " r " i " "•" Ant0 - wtut &?£? jxrss^rjii M\ • Price Each 9c Wk .^saf^,ss2 o 25£ iSKaa.-ssffias5-rfiS.5as
¦ i'/SL-i IJS ua v marked tS -L%n ***&* ot Levant kid, buttoned with a silk frog. In TW » YOtT 8BB IT IS OUB ADS ° *¦***' width No. 40; full three p .. c/ nnma u» a /?«„„.
'Ui^jf and 60c quality, maritea^ to /^ f\ well sewed, extra strong pink. blue, gray and red. Only ' "* f . YOU WEdi Tian IT Inches wide, high luster and corded bents tlannelette bOWns.
close —o*. ; f > I frame in gilt or steel and to be had at this store at this - IN OTJB STOBB. edge; a limited quantity will be sold Made of striped -flannelette, pocket.
n 7-A M K«J/« V**"/ I long chain to match; in- low price 05c Here are some remnants for. ;;,* * A .J rard ,, lo l £ rollins collar; different colored stripes.
One Thousand Yards -£trm*JL , side pocket and hand mir- of VEILINGS of the good r*^ BLACK VELVET RIBBON— All-silk Price 5Oc
O* torchon lace and insertion; 1 inch . ror; in red, green, blue Whv Not Start the New Year Riahl? s^llinp: kind. Made at *p^> sa " n , , h f ck - ftxt _ ra f ,y*-. nap: ., / n rfif>t' Muslin UnHmrwPtnr
wide; in heart, leaf and diamond de- iW$jf|$k « n <l black. Do not jud^e "'"* ltur * tar l tfla "°™ ' G . ar "'9 nT9 chiffon, tuxedo, spider web, <$*£&<¦) Width No. 7, iy* inches wide, now Ladies MUSIinUnaerwear.
signs; mado of real English thread; W§3&P the quality by the low Ana «ava on your laundry bill by cr iss cross, plain and ch e : $MM& Yard 12% c Some pieces nightly soil.d, otHera
for children's wear and undorgar- *<»4tf.sSiJ*^ price ->Oe wearing one of these Zialles' Petti- n nie dotted nets, mostly all lW5ffi®S Width No. 9. 1^ inches wide. now. . mussed from beiny handled.
ments. Real in looks, but not so in coate. They look like silk, but will black; 27. and 36 inches /Jr^WrS^ •• Yard 13c We have marked them very low la
price. Yard 3c Handkerchiefs. we £ r ?* C \ &***!?• « . u , ,. lon & Not one worth less H..J.I \JV . and others. order to *et rl* of .them— the oost la
v nunu*ou,nioi*. Made of satin finished English than 25c and a great many not considered.
njj J C J THE GOOD XHn>. . sateen in black ground with white as hi?h as 60c and 70c. Price HEBE'S SOME ZTEX7S LADIES' GOWX3 — Made
UaoS ana Unas. xn odds and ends of broken lines, cross stripes; trimmed with a deep * a remnant 15c POR SCOSTOMIOAL WOMEIf of New York mill's muslin. \fix
That is of some of our beat Harked low to dose out. flounce and finished with three ruffles, •-•¦•-- OVFR COI I -VRS and RIBBON square yoke, tucked and hem- jJjT
/hn selling" Corsets, which the LADIES' HANDKER- igx braid trimmed; also dust ruffle, tailor jr Unv Lnunh at tha IVaeoina PROTFCTORS-l-Made in fine Swiss stitched. Now 35c , e £fm\
***] manufacturers hare stopped CHIEFS— Made of puro &k stitched. Hang as they should; made Tou hl ?Y Laugnat tne weeping i KOTtCTOKb— Made in nne bwiss INDIES' GOWNS— Mado ffffffl§\
-S ' making— style 95. Shiftnrock linen. small V& expressly for us. Here's where your . SklOS patterns. _o styles to cnoose rrorn^ of Lonsdale muslin, square Q (liy
/Krii FRENCH TAPE GIR- hand-made initial em- JPiK. money does double duty. Our price. . . if you are under one of these urn- ","% yoke, with lace insertion and F
>' 5gM DLE CORSETS; straight broidered in a wreath, /ff f\ • Sl.OO breUa ,-. T - j he Mabahne -fc»L tU ? k 4 S hT^ C? rt^w^VCS^iri- ¦'«'*' V -
irsf\ front steel; extra strong When you see them you . -, nLlJ , u »reua«. LA D1E g- AND GEN- I tie MaOOUtie ififi» " «*^«v^ir'™i?S^rthf^n ?!••«--
(A V French ribbon tape; in will be surprised at good Ladies and Children's Hose. ,\Vr-^V TLEMEN'S UMBREL- New Collar and Tab— \*2&&2 of W Jvf^ ™. lllmlS ttuA tniv t lr7
•iA & Pink, blue, gray and white. quality and the low price £JLM-fr » T c, ft n-ptrvv c.orir«i if out C^>^ LAS— Some of the han- Mori » nf whit a .„,„„,?.,, BT'jr empire siyle. trimmed with tucks, em-
Price 'ioc Apiece 5c M AIiSO ; QEHTS' SOCKS AT OWE- ]ZJ&J!$£&r*> dl«-is are elaborately Made of white imported ™ broidery insertion; also embroidery.
On Sale OTarreil-Street 'Entrance. Wreath Initial 5c =l/ V»' HAI.P PBICE. O ne of thelareest trimmed with silver, oth- cheviot cloth; finished with J?a£ Price now. . ......... _.. .... .. .55c
CHILDREN'S HANDKERCHIEFS— \^j^/es. ImTOrtinir houles UMBKDLLAj crs horn, while many three fancy tabs, also but- -^*^^ rS fthfS faflV-lI.toif
The Lady Bishop Cohet. Made ol r extra strong lawn narrow. Sed'^out 8"^. ' fe& SK? S^ ton trimmed. Price ..«>5c s^t'blfachl^muS »JSfeirtoS,S
Made of twilled sateen: jfy hemstitched, full size. Now..Apiece 3c **$& 1«| ttsU their entire stock or >C^v twin cloth which if fast , ±n ¦ _, ' ' with hemstitched rufflee. Price now..
double side steel and boned ffl MEN'S HANDKERCHIEFS— Made U fflffl m& showisamples of la-. xj^f- ' black and waterbroof- ' Just Received. 60o
3 m^^^^^:
able; medium or short bust; Xir\V " ouc h' lj ?¦ tji nair-nose. iney com- . ' r oll ...„, s<> ii ii m hr<>iia<i hut none •pnii •>•> (.pi,., twIHo n,,, vT^4-« Made of Lonsdale
Princess hip and long over JBAJ LADIES' HANDXERCHIEFS-Made H M % prise lisle sllk fin- [^ ™.™ • S1.00 .. A piece* 5c (^ cloth; liberal in widih
abdomen; circular cut and of fine sheer lawn, in the newest Swiss r'A is h: English thread w tquai mwe. jui ..i» ',' 9 .'"" \ a piece oc \TC. and length; trimmed
hand gored: in black or gray. k'jll patterns, some slightly imperfect; real . and cashmere; per- A #-#//o«» Pat+tnnn** T i / •#'• Hi with a wide flounce.
Nowhere else could you ex- «*?4/\ worth 20c and 25c. To start the new fectly made, and the ZJ Laoies reiiicoais. / pg Lit ian. IT**V finished with deep
pect to buy a corset like this -"- year with extraordinary offering we good fitting kind: 'V-»VV Made of striped flannel- . ., ,-, SIDE COMB AND VfVui torchon lace. Now...
for 4oC will sell a limited quantity for 15c quality, sample prico ,Sc ('i^iX, ctte, finished with a silk 'ESSSffi^ If AIR RETAINER — /i»iv^-tt 40c
Apiece 10c 20c quality, samplo price 1 2o 'JlJ-M embroidered scallop. In •TinftTTrF^'TTTl I ( P ) Made of highly pol- LADIES' WHITE
Scott's m „ 25c quality, sample price 15c %iSr pink, blue and gray stripes; 1 ||M i |ji !>' is^ p< l Italian shell. SKIRTS — Made of
i.n,n.n,. n fti,., ra n, A re You Prepared for the Rain ? 35c quality, sample price 125c J* medium weight, but light In "'HHilliMJUl- 11 crinkled, the &&2£j%&g0 soft bleached Lons-
*«,?-• *5S?« P " w^, rnB tt ZJr rr, ,.,v \ vi^, ' And others. /J price. Price :j')e kind that will catch *&&*%!&££' dale cambric, with
§to-date Bustle. Have you a jrolf or walklasr skirt? •*** • up an the stray Uwn flounce# trimmed
For stout, medium or slen- There is nothing more m je^ mm e»v /c\ /a* 3n R B BK fi" A &h. xijr locks and will not lose but of your with wide lace and Insertion, also a
der figures. It is form fit- (t3$- healthful nor more comfort- BH3 F 9S fl H 2 a B CAN Hn U h E O ' I f| B" hair; tortoise shell in looks, but not so du.st ruffle. Price 50o
tinp, invisible when worn; Wjjv" able than these. Made of a O 1 ft- ? J Q B U tU K#k VsM Ba BJ» Mr. in price A pair 15c LADIES' SKIRTS— Made of soft
light in weight, ventilating {//l\ all-wool English cheviot B 8 ! y 1 li B B Ei B« BH a KB H » TimiOfc /^RITTITD) PEARL BUTTONS— Made of heavy bleached cambric and trimmed with
and reversible. Insures a , f T<f^- (iot! » and homespun; new I B fl S fi B J SJi fJ3 H_ I H HJB fl_ U H HJ3 V l\H»l_"l»lJ I 1 « S\ clear white shell; medium and small Normandy Val. lace. Sample price...
perfect figure. Made of near- ff\ flounce effect, tailor stitched *& \0 Um OBWuBlVblKvi • s%svra- w a ¦ s_sm sizes A dozen oc C5c
silk, tailor stitched. Tailors Jl fX bands and seams. In brown, ' SKIRT BRAIDS OR BINDINGS — -ton*
and physicians recommend <v6<.4\ black, navy and pray. For a Of O Markot- Cfroof Cl n'FarrpI! The kind you cannot wear out; made 7ift/4
them for form building and %«/£j*A limitod number of days a Ol ° ' v *«rKt,l OireCl. II U I dl I t*ll OtI CCL. of steam shrunk yarn, with extra EaulBoi.e Waists for UdlM and
health preservers. In pink, blue, gray l&S^'P limited quantity will be -watt a-ptitt-rb *nr Tmwvn heavy brush braid. In blue, gray, tan.- misses. A faU line of the rsaulae
and black. Price 50c * sold. For S2.08 MAIL ORUEBS 5«LiICITEP. brown and black. Price Yard 5c Wad.
AD-VTEBTISEMENTS.
Wear Good Clothes
stand their
£%fr^^f^% business. Our
J&y • '^^Ml \ P - a n cn ables
fffi^*$l']ffiw you to ( * ress
f£';jy^g|r well without
i^rW^m' no *- >c * n S &c
Jjfr expenditure.
lm% ff ' ci niT
j l ff m~ a' Week
J \ And v wcar the
$\ suit meanwhile.
A. B. SMITH CO.
Up-to-Date Tailors.- - v -
128:132 Ellis Street. Above Powell,
'-. SAN FRANCISCO. •SOUND— Subscriber. Alameda. Cal.
It has been ascertained- that a full
human voice, speaking In the open air
when there i3 a calm, can be heard
at a distance of! 460 feet; In an observ
able breeze a powerful human voice
with the wind is audible at a distance
of 15.840 feet: the report of a musket
can be heard at a distance of 16,000 feet;
a drum, 10.K60 feet; a strong brass
band. 15,840 feet, and heavy cannonad
ing 575,000 feet, or ninety miles. In the
Arctic region conversation has been
maintained over water a distance of
6696 ieet.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's) 230 Cali
fornia itreet. Telephone Main lOtt. •
Townsend's California Rlace fruits and
candles, 50c a pound, in artistic ftre
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends 715 Market st.. above Call btd£ "
Honor to Yale.
Governor Taf t's departure from the
Philippines, terminating his Governor
ship over those islands, ends a coinci
dence unique in the annals of Yale uni
versity, and very unlikely ever to be
repeated In that or any other American
educational institution.
The coincidence Is that for the last
month or. more Tale, represented by
her sons, has held at one and the same
time the Governorships of the three
so-called colonial territories of the
United States and also that of Alaska.
With the Incumbency of Governor
Taft Yale has governed at Manila; with
that'of Governor Hunt, in Porto Rico;
with that of Governor Garter, in Ha
waii, and with that of Governor Brady,
in Alaska. Governors Taft, Hunt, Car
ter and Brady are all Yale alumni. Al
togethefr; It makes a • page In history
which Yale can point to with pride —
New York Sun." .
When Docs -End Come?
Science has given the human" race,
only a limited span of existence. This
was one of the prospects which dis
tressed Darwin,. and it has weighed on
many other sensitive minds. Some
three millions of years or so Is about
the .-average estimate. The discovery
of radium naturally led to the ques-
SUPPRESSING ECHOES— C. B.,
City. An echo audience rdtom is a sub
ject for a scientific architect. If a
room is without gallery it Is quite like
ly that the addition of such would
greatly improve it as an audience room.
Well padded carpets, cushions, prop
erly hung chandeliers and the like help
to destroy the echoes. A large canopy
a few feet above the head of the place
to be occupied by the speaker. It Is said,
will make a marked change for the bet
ter.
ATTENTION was directed by The Call, some time
since, to the work of improvement in towns and
cities of the Sacramento Valley to which the
women's clubs of Sacramento and other communities
have pledged their support. It is now to be noted that
equally good work is being done by the women of other
localities.
In San Mateo County the tendency in the counsels
of the women is toward civic betterment. There is an
Auxiliary Civic Club at San Mateo and the San Mateo
Times tells of this club's work. It has recently raised
$100 for a library improvement fund, another $100 to as
sist in the purchase of a chemical engine, and also has
contributed toward the promotion of the athletic club
Committees have been appointed by Mrs. A. B. Ford, the
president of the Women's Auxiliary Club, to attend to
the betterment of the library, the providing of greater
protection against fire and to the promotion of the
prosperity of the club. There is no doubt" the commit
tees will zealously attend to the work set before them.
The; Los .Angeles Herald reviews the work of the
women's clubs of Los Angeles during the past year.. It
will be observed that the California women in the south
are active in adding to the welfare of the State. They
have marked the site of old Fort Moore with a flagstaff
to call attention to the historic interest of that place.
Arbor day.: has engaged their attention and work was
planned by the women, to 'promote outdoor art and park
improvement. The establishment of a home of detention
in Connection with the juvenile court work has been
considered. They have waged war against the smoking
of cigarettes by boys and have taken part in the college
settlement work in destitute localities.
Two. thousand women are banded together in clubs in
Los Angeles, and several other: communities, in propor
tion to their population)' r- ' an equally good showing.
In short, there are scorej of clubs organized by Cali
fornia women, that are fulfilling their mission of improve
ment well and worthily and deserve fullcredit for their
work. ' . V " .
WOMEN'S CLUBS' WORK.
WASHINGTON-G. J. R, City.
George Washington was known by
other nicknames than "Father of His
Country." He was called the Ameri
can Fabius in allusion to the fact that
he pursued a cautious policy; the
Atlas of America, the Cincinnatus of
the West (a name given him by
Byron); the Deliverer of America; the
Stepfather of his Country; the Flower
of the Forest (a name given him by
the Indians), and Lovely Georglus (a
name given him by the British soldiers
engaged in war).
That very general longing to make a martyr of any
one who has to suffer for the sake of a newly enunciated
principle has led a part of the Eastern press to rally
to the support of this anarchist from England and attack
the law which has detained him. They say that this law
is a tyrannical infringement of the rights of man; that
it gives into the keeping of an arbitrary committee of
officials the life happiness of any innocent individual;
that it is little better than the famous "lettres de cachet"
of the old regime v in France. How, say they, are the
officials to determine upon the heterodoxy of belief in
a thousand and one unwashed immigrants? Where are
they to draw the line between anarchy and mere lack
THE arrest and pending deportation of John
Turner, a noted English anarchist, under the oper
ation of the Congressional act of March 3, 1903,
decreeing deportation for all immigrants of known
anarchistic beliefs, has brought the legality of the meas
ure before the courts. Turner has appealed to the Fed
eral tribunal in New York and the decision upon his
case is still pending. Should an adverse decision be
rendered by Circuit Judge Lacombc the Supreme Court,
according to the assertions of the prisoner's counsel,
will be called upon to decide whether or not the law of
Congress is contrary to the spirit of the United States
constitution.
The enactment of Congress under which Turner was
arrested provides that no person who disbelieves in or
ganized government or who is affiliated with any group
of individuals or society which holds to the tenets of
radical anarchy shall be permitted an abiding place in
the United States. ' A board of three immigration, offi
cers passes upon the merits of every case, and
their opinion gains finality by the indorsement of the
Secretary of Commerce. This measure is the direct re
sult of the assassination of the late President McKinley,
the many anarchistic disturbances at Paterson, New
Tersey. and the general feeling of disquietude which has
been engendered during two years past by the growing
boldness -of all members of that fanatical sect in this
country.
The High Priest of Odin, clothed in
white, next stepped forth, and while
electric lights formed -a dazzling nim
bus round him' more music was sung.
At the close the High Priest handed
the .godmother a horn, at the sound of
which the kitten was to emerge from
its basket, thus to symbolize it* awak
ening to life. After the invocation of
Odin the High Priest baptized pussy
by the name of Belkis, which means
"pretty girl." Some appropriate lines
by Pierre Loti were then recited; and
the ceremony being at an end the com
pany adjourned to the buffet
Mail advices from the East contain a
description of a curious ceremony re
cently organized by the distinguished
writer Pierre Loti at Constantinople.
The author of "Madame Chrysan
theme" is the commander of the French
guardship Vautour, and in the early
days of December a kitten was born on
the man-of-war.
Pierre Loti decided to celebrate the
auspicious event In solemn fashion, and
a grand festival was organized In honor
of the kitten's baptism. The captain's
private apartments were beautifully
decorated with flowers, and at the hour
fixed for the ceremony numerous boats
put off from the shore with members
of the distinguished party invited for
the occasion. Among thoso present
were the Consul General of France, the
commanders of the British and Rus
sian warships, the Russian Naval At
tache and M. Coauelin, cadet. v. {
The kitten's distinguished godfather
was Vicomte de Salignac-Fenelon, and
the godmother was Mme. Roux, wife
of the commander of the Mouette, the
French dispatch vessel. A procession
was formed, and the company proceed
ed to one of the rooms, where an altar
dedicated to Odin had been erected.
Then Pierre Loti and his fellow-officers
opened the ceremony by a burlesque
symphony executed in admirable style.
'A Kitten's Baptism.
ANARCHY AND THE LAW.
MILITARY - ACADEMY— Subscriber,
Alameda, Cal. The United States Mili
tary Academy at West Point. Naw
York State, the chief oi the Continental
fortifications of the Hudson River Val
ley during the Revolution, was estab
lished in 1802. At first provision was
made for only ten cadets.
The startling fact has been made public that more than
one hundred and thirty thousand tons of hemp are ex
ported , annually from the Philippines. The appalling
records of daily crime in the United States indicate very
clearly that we are not patronizing our island posses
sions for at least one of the commodities of which they
have an abundance and we a need.
After all has been said and done and explanations
have been given every color possible to the imagination,
it looks as if it is up to Japan to fight. The Russian is
irresistible in his fatalistic unconcern. He has given his
answer and the chip, which the little brown men have
balanced so long on their shoulders, is on the ground.
Nor from my torch, the gleam,
But from the stars above;
Not from our hearts, life's crystal
stream.
But from the depths of Love.
— Henry Van Dyke, in the January At
lantic.
Not to the swift, the race;
Not to the strong, the flght;
Not to the righteous, perfect grace;
Not to the wise, the light.
But often faltering feet
Come surest to the goal,
And they who walk in darkness meet
The sunrise of the soul.
A thousand times by night
The Syrian hosts have died;
A thousand times the vanquished right
Has risen glorified*
v
The truth the wise man sought
Was spoken by a child;
The alabaster box was brought
In trembling hands defiled.
Reliance.
ADDRESSES— E. S., City. The lat
est address of Andrew Carnagle, whera>
all letters should be directed. Is 2 East
Ninety-First street. New York City.
The address of Helei. Miller Gould Is
Irvington on the Hudson and 537 Fifth
avenue, New York City.
A SUPERSTITION — Emma, Oak
land, Cal. There was at one time a
superstition that fern seed or the seeds
or spores of ferns possessed supernat
ural virtues, such as rendering persona
invisible.
Anszvcrs to. Queries.
"Used to?" Queried the examining
counsel, "what do you mean by that?"
"Just what I said," retorted the wit
ness. "I used to go there."
"Oh." said the attorney, "you don't
visit him any more? Did you have a
falling out?"
"Well, not exactly, I Just quit going
there."
"Tell the court why," said the attor
ney.
"Well, Judge," said the witness,
screwing himself arouna in the chair
and facing him. "He told me once he
had a brother who could jump forty
feet into the air and remain up for
twenty seconds." '
"Oh, yes, I know the plaintiff very
well," said a witness recently in a dam
age suit. "I used to visit him at his
shop every day and swap lies with
him."
A Good Liar.
BY G. FREDERICK WRIGHT, A. M.. LL. D.
(Author of "The Ice Are of North America,"
"Man and the Glacial Period." etc.)
Copyright, 1003, by Joseph B. Bowles.
Perhaps the most impressive of all
the abandoned channels which drain
ed vast floods southward in the gla
cial period is that of the great outlet
leading from the Red River Valley
of the North into the Minnesota
through Lake Traverse and Big Stone
Lake over the site of Browns Valley.
Here is a continuous channel a mile
or more in width from the northern
drainage basin (whose waters now
flow northward) into the southern,
¦with clearly defined banks and every
indication of its having been occupied
by an enormous current of water.
Upon surveying the country to the
north it was found that the vast wheat
region of the Red River Valley, ex
tending from the headwaters of the
river In Minnesota and far down into
Manitoba is simply the silted-up bot
tom of the temporary glacial lake
which poured its waters through
Browns Valley. Warren Upham has
traced the shore lines of this lake far
down into British America on both
s'des, proving that at one time It cov
ered an area of fully 100,000 square
miles, "which is several times that of
our present great lakes. This great
temporary body of water has been ap
propriately named Lake Agassiz. Mr.
Upham well remarks: "As we stand
upon the bluffs overlooking Browns
Valley and the long, narrow lakes on
either side *\ • ? we have nearly
the picture thai was presented when
the melting ice sheet of British Amer
ica was pouring its floods along this
hollow. Then the entire extent of the
valley from one to one and a half
miles wide was doubtless filled every
summer by a river which covered all
the present areas of flood-plain."
Surely truth is stranger than fiction.
'An 'Ancient Lake Bed.
Herbert Spencer, while by no means
an unlikable man, far less unsocial, had
always about him a great deal of the
theorizing philosopher. Some who
knew him well would even say that he
was a pedant. The direct Influence upon
him of his father's strong character
was very great. The parent was a
teacher in the school of a Mrs. Turner,
In Nottingham, and that lady used to
speak of his talent for teaching in
most enthusiastic terms. While Spen
cer as a young man was working at
engineering his close friend and com
panion was Robert Thomson, who was
engaged In the same profession, and
was a man of striking mental power.
He predicted the fame of Spencer, and
used to give very graphic accounts of
his friend's excessive love for accuracy.
Spencer would* begin a sentence, pro
ceed some way, then interrupt himself
and say: "No; I will express what I
mean better in this way." choosing
then another form of words. An amus
ing instance of Spencer's tendency to
theorize on all occasions dwells in the
memory of one who witnessed It. The
company at the breakfast table had
had their letters brought to them, and
after a time Spencer remarked to the
hostess that he considered the social
custom of not opening letters before
others a senseless one. "Eut, Mr Spen
cer," said the lady, "everybody has
opened their letters but you." — London
Outlook.
Anecdote of Spencer.
BY the validating of the initiative and referendum
amendment to the State constitution Oregon has
practically abolished the Legislature and destroyed
representative government. Even the deliberation here
tofore considered in amending t»he State constitution is
abolished and the fundamental law can be changed or
done away with by processes that require only four
months in their operation. This is the widest departure
from the principles of representative government yet
made by any American community. It constitutes that
method of direct government which students of civics
have said would be a failure even if every citizen were as
wise as Sir Isaac Newton. .
Representative government is conceived in a spirit of
deliberation, of patient examination of measures, bringing
them to the judgment of those qualified to rationalize
them, and to -protect the rights of minorities as well as
of majorities. Mr. Jefferson understood this when he said
that "the rule of the, majority, to be right, must be reas
onable." Representative republican government has been
believed to be reasonable government, while there is a
grave doubt whether non-representative government, or
government by direct action of a majority, will long ob
serve the limitations of reason, or will long respect the
rights of a minority.
If the example of Oregon spread, it is easily conceiv
able that what has been done there, in a. State, may be
done by a majority of the States in respect to the Fed
eral Government itself. Then stability will cease. When
a constitution, the fundamental law, can be changed with
out deliberation, at the polls, without the change having
been considered by a representative body, every change
in popular opinion will be impressed upon the constitu
tion. Heretofore party control of States and of the
Union has very infrequently caused changes in the funda
mental law of either. Such changes, when made, have
recorded the deliberate purpose of the people to impress
that law with some great principle always vital and al
ways necessary. But under direct government such
changes may represent only the passion and partisanship
of the hour.
The Oregon experiment will be watched with keen
interest. That it begins in the midst of lively apprehen
sions of the result is shown in the remark of a citizen
of that State, that "the only safety for the minority "now
rests in the good (sense of the majority, and the excel
lent, facilities for transportation out of the State."
RADICALISM IN OREGON.
She could not have been a day over
20 years of age, and she was zemark
ably good looking. In fact, so regular
were her features, so trim her figure
and so fetching her carriage, that she
she attracted attention even on Market
street on a matinee day. Th* eyes of a
cigar store masher lit upon her as she
tripped daintily by his "stand," and she
looked so good to him that he needs
must wish to become acquainted. Ac
cordingly he adjusted his hat. rubbed
a crease out of his gloves, buttoned his
coat and throwing out his chest, started
in her wake. At the corner of O'Farrell
and Market he passed her. At a con
cenvlent cigar store he stopped, posed,
and as she came opposite' him, smiled
his sweetest smile and winked a stereo
typed wink.
But he got only a haughty look in
return. Nothing daunted, he followed
the trim figure. Again he passed her;
once more he posed at a convenient
point, and repeated the smile and wink.
Then something struck him. When he
came to ten minutes later he was on the
operating table at the Central Emer
gency Hospital having a badly black
ened pair of eyes dressed, his nose set
and a deep gash In his chin sewed up.
"You tried to flirt with one of a team
of society acrobats," the steward told
him. \
'A Masher Mashed.
Once more. the Civil Service Commission is under the
fire of investigation regarding its methods and purposes.
The experience is new neither to the public nor to the
"commission. The Supervisors want to know why the
charter , provision demanding the institution of civil
service in the various departments concerned has not
been obeyed by the commission. Ask the politicians.
tion whether the existence of the metal
In the sun might not indefinitely pro
long that luminary's active life. Much
disappointment was therefore felt at
the results of investigations undertaken
by a Cambridge scientist. After scans
months' exposure of very sensitive so
lutions to the sun he was unable to
discover any of the signs characteristic
of radium rays. The verdict therefor*
was that the discovery of radium af
fords no reason for altering the coa
mical time scale. But Sir "William Ram
say's proof of the transformation of
radium gas into helium revives > the
hope that radium may. after all, be a
constituent of the sun. It Is well
known that the spectroscope reveals
the abundant existence tn the sun ot
helium— this metal, indeed, was discov
ered in the sun before it was known
to be a terrestrial property— and, It
seems possible that all this helium may
be transformed radium gas. So that
once more, It appears premature to limit
the existence of the human race- to any
definite number of million years.—Har
per's "Weekly.
transportation facilities to new enter
prises, and freight rates have been
Throughout the Southern States the
railroads have done as effective work
as th »y have done in the far West The
Southern Railway, the Atlantic Coast
Line, the Louisville and Nashville, the
Seaboard Air Line, and two or three
other Mnos have actually created a new
industrial South. Wherever a fair
chance has offered to establish a fac
tory, a cotton mill, a sugar or fruit
plantation, a mining enterprise or a
tannery, the railroad men have done
tbCTr part without urging. Railroad
money has bought sites for new manu
factories, and It has often guaranteed
the cost of building the factory.
Branch roads and short spurs have
been built in every direction to give
At least a score of American rail
roads have had industrial and immi
grant agencies abroad for several years
past. Often colonization plans are
completed before the colonizers leave
their homes In the old country. The
Bite for the proposed settlement on the
line of a certain railroad is selected,
terms of purchase are agreed upon,
rates' of fare and various incidental
concessions and inducements put in
Tvritingr. The newcomers are received
upon landing here by an agent of the
particular railroad that has indnced
them to come and conveyed to their
prospective township or village with
"neatness and dispatch."
Then begins the task of establishing
a permanent, self-supporting commu
nity. The railroad company has no
thought of leaving Its colonizers to
shift for themselves. Co-operation be
comes the order of the day. It is the
railroad company that forwards build
ing materials, makes cash advances
•when necessary to stimulate the work
of construction and promotes industrial
development by giving remunerative
employment to the carpenters, the ma
chinists and the blacksmith. First the
railroad builds a station and hires local
help, next the railroad helps to build a
town hall, a church and perhaps a
ecnoolhouse. The village store is a
natural evolution, and for quite a while
the railroad company purposely throws
trade in its way. Bulletins are issued
periodically by the industrial bureau of
the railroad, telling of the steady
growth of the new village and detail
ing Its needs and advantages. These
bulletins are circulated systematically
in such a way as to keep Sweden Four
Corners, or whatever the name of the
place may be, in constant commercial
touch with other trade centers.
In recent years the industrial depart
ment has become a very important ad
junct of a great railroad system. Elab
orate industrial and commercial
projects are worked out by railroad
men in order to create business for
their roads, and the aggregate result
of their labors in this direction is an
enormous contribution to the country's
growth by the upbuilding of new com
munities. Almost every railroad in the
West offers special inducements to
farmers and mechanics to locate homes
along their respective routes. Only
recently E. H. Harrlman, the head of
the Union Pacific system, Instructed
his subordinates to follow a liberal as
well as an alert policy in dealing with
settlers. Purchasers of farm lands are
to have the easiest of terms, and such
inducements are to be offered to man
ufacturers, tradesmen and mechanics
as will practically insure them an ad
vantageous start. The Union Pacific
Company still lias several hundred
thousands of acres of its grant lands to
dispose of. and the power and influence
of the railroad are to be exerted to
populate these acres.
The present financial prosperity of
the Great Northern Railway is largely
due to its systematic work in planting
settlements all along its line from St.
Paul to the Pacific Coast. Considera
bly more than half of these settlements
were established entirely through the
efforts of the railroad company. In very
few instances was there any spontane
ous growth. These settlements were
"Induced" by active, watchful and in
genious industrial agents, working not
only in this country, but in England,
Germany, Sweden, Italy and France.
BT EAH1. D. BERRT.
(Former Railroad ESltor New York Times and
New Tortc Sun.)
CopjTirbt, 1904. by Joseph B. Bowles.
More than 200 towns— cities In em
bryo—have been successfully started in
the Northwestern States within the
past eighteen months through the me
dium of the Northern Pacific, the
Great Northern and the Chicago, Bur
lington and Qulncy railroads. More
than 1000 mills and factories of different
kinds have been established in South
ern States within the same period
through the agency of the Southern
Railway Company. More than 1,000,000
acres of unproductive lands in the
"Western States have In a year and a
half been made fertile by irrigation
planned and put into operation by rail
road companies. Some hundreds of
thousands of trees have been planted
by the railroads. East and West, to re
place exhausted forests. The opening
of new highways and the settlement of
farm lands are receiving constant and
energetic attention from railway men,
and the troops of immigrants and other
toilers to the Far West under the guid
ance of railroad men number half a
million persons annually.
Industry of Railroads.
President Roosevelt has bravely shown that the quite
comprehensive laws we have can be .enforced. He was
instrumental in the legislation that provided the New
Department of Commerce and gave it jurisdiction over
trusts and corporations. It is required to make them file
statements such as should Be made public. All have
complied except the Standard Oil Company, which re
fuses. Here is Mr. Hitchcock's chance. Let him go at
once for the' bald eagle of the trusts, John D. Rockefeller,
and make him put in that statement. If he try to hide be
hind, the constitutional provision that persons and pa
pers shall not be subjected, to unreasonable search or
seizure, it will be necessary to show that the demand of
the Government for proper publicity is not unreasonable.
So if Mr. Hitchcock does not find work, it is because he
is hunting for it only at Jackson dinners.
The principal talk seems to have been emitted by Mr.
Hitchcock, member of Congress and Mr. Bryan's former
newspaper associate in the Omaha World-Herald. He
dwelt on the growing necessity for government regula
tion of aggregated wealth. His speech was barren of
any plan for legislation to that end, but it was lurid in its
statement of the case, and the necessity for law that
would not be laggard. He took a back sight and saw the
evil growing for the past forty years. If nothing has
been done in that time, the country is fortunate in having
Mr. Hitchcock in Congress to do something now, right
away. He will be back in his seat in the House on the
4th inst., and surely he will not delay a moment in
flinging his legislative lasso around the horns of aggre
gated wealth.
That aggregation, either physical or financial, implies
the power of organization, is self-evident. That such
power is apt to be misused is confirmed by the history ? of
mankind. All power, .including that of a man over what
is his own, is subject to misuse, and therein is the reason
why we have a. system of laws, representing the consen
sus of the opinion of society, for the regulation and con
firmation and protection of rights, and the limitation of
power.
Mr. Hitchcock is mistaken in his assumption that noth
ing has been done in the last forty years to curb the
power of aggregated wealth. The shape in which such
aggregation first became formidable was in the transition
of transportation from its primitive form to railways and
steam. This required the use of money beyond the
power of one individual, or a few only, to supply, so the
railway corporation appeared, with its issue of commer
cial paper in the form of bonds and stocks. If Mr.
Hitchcock will look into the statistics and decisions,
State* and national, he will discover an immense body of
law grown up in the last forty years, to hedge in that
form of aggregated wealth, until railroads have to main
tain a staff of the ablest lawyers to tell them what they
may do and what omit legally, in the transaction of their
vast business.
Turning to the more modern form of wealth which
scares him, the trusts, he will find a copious addition to
the other statutes and decisions, curbing trusts, and he
will be pleased to discover that in the last three years
these laws have been rigidly enforced, resulting in the
building up of a line of judicial decisions which point the
way to further curative, preventive and protective legis-.
lation. He will find most of the trusts floored by the law
and on their backs yelling for mercy.
Now is the time for him to get in. The legal literature
of the subject has been enriched by the law briefs of the
ablest attorneys in the United States. The field is invit
ing; it is white for the harvest, and if Mr. Hitchcock will
take his sickle out of his mouth and put in his hand and
get at work he has the chance to do something. He is
a very rich man himself, and therefore we advise him not
to load his legislative gun to hit if it's a deer and miss if
it's a calf. If his own investments run into some of these
offensive aggregations, he must not be afraid to shoot
himself in the pocket, if that be necesary, in order to in
flict wholesome discipline.
THE Democratic Jackson Club of Nebraska has met
and fed in advance of Jackson day. Though both
the gold and silver wings flopped together at table,
the speech was silver, as only the orators of that side are
reported. They had little to say, being perhaps deterred
by the presence of their separate brethren.
A young couple had come in from
the, country to the big city with the
Intention of "hitching up," and the
prospective groom went out to procure
a marriage license. Somehow he lost
his bearings, wandered into the Police
Court and applied to the clerk for the
license. The clerk was somewhat of
a practical joker, and he looked grave,
asked the usual questions and proceed
ed to draw up the paper. He put the
document in a large envelope, with the
applicant's name written thereon, and
smilingly refused to accept the fee
which was proffered.
The prospective groom left In a happy
frame of mind, with the document
stowed safely away in his pocket, and
on the following day he and the bride
to-be sought a minister. When the
clergyman was about to perform the
ceremony he asked for the license. The
groom handed him the envelope still
unopened. The reverend gentleman
opened the envelope, and after scruti
nizing the document he turned to the
groom and remarked In a horrified tone,
""Well, this is an Irregular Instrument!"
The envelope contained a warrant for
the arrest of Jane Doe.
There are many amusing stories told
of early days around the Police courts,
some of which seem Incredible. Here
is one told by an- old-timer who was
•acting as clerk of the Police Court In
the sixties:
The Wrong Document.
THE NEBRASKA CLANS FEED.
Since the establishment of industrial
bureaus by the Pennsylvania, the Erie,
the Lacka wanna and ¦ other Eastern
trunk lines there has been a marked
increase in suburban development. A
large amount of new capital has been
interested in the construction of ho
tels and cottages, and in many places
in Pennsylvania and New York farm
lands have been transformed into flour
ishing villas or manufacturing towns.
A common method followed ly the rail
roads in the development of new su
burban resorts is to buy a tract of well
wooded land, build and equip a neat
hotel and then put up cottages for sale
on the Installment plan to suit such de
mand as may be aroused by judicious
and persistent advertising.
One of the most interesting features
of railroad helpfulness in agricultural
communities is the Illinois Central's
school of instruction in roadmaking.
Some years ago an observing and sa
gacious officer of the Illinois Central
ascertained that the bad condition of
the country roads interfered with ship
ments of farm products on the rail
road and minimized passenger traffic.
Expert attention was at once given to
this subject and a stirring campaign
in behalf of good roads was started
throughout the entire southern region
traversed by the Illinois Central Rail
road. An intelligent interest was awak
ened among the farmers, and clubs
were formed to receive instruction in
the art of making good roads. The
railroad company paid the cost of this
instruction and aided the country peo
ple in other ways in improving the con
dition of the public highways. This
work is pushed energetically each year
and already the Illinois Central feels
its good effects in a large increase in
local freight and passenger traffic. The
Illinois Central management is now
giving scientific attention to the subject
of forestry. Chiefly with a view of pro
viding timber for future use in the
making of ties, etc., this company is
planting scores of thousands of trees
on its own lands.
• * •
shaded from time to time so as to en
courage and foster every industry. It
is the custom of some of the Southern
railroads to give annual cash prfzes for
the best showing in different branches
of industry. These premiums mostly
apply to agricultural and horticultuVal
enterprises, and they seemingly stimu
late greater endeavors each succeeding
year.
of any theories about government? What shall consti
tute a dangerous immigrant in their eyes?
It has been admitted that ours is the land of the free
for several- more than an hundred years. The fame of
our open-hearted reception has been heralded into the
innermost recesses of the dens of the Old World until
that growing pack of hair-brained human wolves of the
red flag have come to construe liberty into license and
have made our freedom simply immunity from arrest.
This country has too long been the harbor for assassins
r.nd bomb throwers, whence sallies into the kingdoms of
Europe could be made with deadly success. Not con
tent with their nefarious depredations "abroad the an
archist brood have within the last two years turned upon
the land which gave them refuge with the result* that the
tomb of one, martyred President has been erected and
another executive has to be guarded in the daily ful
fillment of his duties.
When, under these conditions, Congress passes a law
to check the incoming of anarchists, it does so with
the intent of self-preservation. / It will be manifestly lim
possible to search out every obscure disciple of the red
flag. The operation of the law may occasionally work
a hardship on some who are fleeing the agents of Euro
pean governments, but despite the .howl about viola
tion of liberty and personal rights, the statute is founded
upon the primal law of life, that of self-protection.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 3, 1904.
TH E SAN -FR ANGI SGQ CALL
I JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.. .\ . . ,.„. Address AU Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication O^icc <j^^^^^> <. .Third and Market Streets, S. F.
SUNDAY .....................:...... .. .....JANUARY 3, 1904
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
30In New York, at the lowest possible
average, 500,000 people live in rooms
which are dark and without any -win
dow or ventilation.
The night school of the Young Men's
Christian Association for young men
and employed boys wi] commence Its
winter term next Tuesday evening at
the association auditorium. Mason and
Ellis street. Rabbi Voorsanger will
deliver a lecture before the young men
on "A Young Man's Opportunities."
Le Roy Sm'th will commence his
duties as educational director on that
evening.
Y. M. C. A. Nisht School to Open.
Walter Masee Is Arrested.
Walter Magee was arrested last
night and charged with battery. He
became involved in an altercation with
two men at the corner of Sutter and
Polk streets. The men got away and
Magee was taken into custody. He
was released on $10 bail.
Petitions In Insolvency.
> Petitions in insolvency were filed
yesterday in the United States District
Court as follows: Cornelius O'Brian,
laborer, Hollister, liabilities $500, no
assets; John M.' McSwain. miner,
Groveland, Tuolumne County, liabili
ties $833, assets S40.
Frank Shomis, a hostler, employed
at the Park Riding School at 2834 Ful
ton street, lost the end of his nose yes
terday afternoon while engaged in an
argument with a scavenger named
"Jack.'^who drives for a man named
Divencenzy of 132 Blake street.
Shomis , upbraided "Jack" for rubbinff
the paint off one of the buggies in the
stable with his wagon. The carniv
orous "Jack" resented the upbraiding
and the two closed in deadly combat.
When Shomis emerged from the bat
tle he was surprised to find that hi3
opponent had bitten off a chunk of hi3
nose. He hurried to the Park Hos
pital and had the injured member
dressed. The missing piece could not
be found. "Jack" made his escapa
and has not yet been arrested.
Loses Portion of Ills Nose.
Several young hoodlums -were tor
menting a salesman named C. L. "Wll-
Bon last night on Market street. They
pursued him up Market street and pro
ceeded to hit him with sticks and
stones. The infuriated man went into
a nearby drug store and bought some
red pepper. When he came out of the
store Policeman Dolan was repri
manding the boys for attacking the
man. Wilson rushed up and threw a
handful of the red pepper at the
crowd. A quantity of it lodged in the
eyes of a boy named George Dugan,
residing at 671% Clementina street.
He was taken to the Emergency Hos
pital for treatment and Wilson was ar
rested and charged with the commis
sion of a felony.
Throvrs Pepper In Boy's Eyes.
Albert C. James, who, with A. M.
Somerfleld, conducts the Anaonia
Apartment House at 408 Stockton
street, wants to dissolve the partner
ship. In a suit filed by him yesterday
he accuses Somerfleld of deceiving him
and of taking more of the profits of
the business than he is entitled to.
Would Dissolve Partnership.
John Dibbern of 384 Fourth street
had a narrow escape from death New
Year's morning. He retired at an
early hour and left his gas Jet open.
The proprietor of the house detected
the odor of escaping gas and upon in
vestigation found Dibbern lying in bed
unconscious. Dibbern was sent to the
Emergency Hospital and revived.
Has Narrow Escape.
The committee, consisting of C. L. La
Rue, J. L. Beringer, Charles Bundschu,
Percy T. Morgan, Theodore Gier and
TV. E. Rankin, appointed at the con
vention of wine men at St. Helena some
months ago to confer with Congress
man Bell in reference to a national
pure wine bill, met with Mr. Bell at the
Grand Hotel in this city yesterday to
discuss the bill recently introduced by
him in Congress. All members of the
committee were present except Mr.
Morgan and Mr. Gier. Messrs. Sbar
boro and Rossi addressed the meeting.
The bill was unanimously approved
in all features except the provision re
lating to the tax of one-tenth of a cent
a gallon on pure wine. After much dis
cussion it was agreed that Mr. Bell
should consult the solicitor of the rev
enue department at "Washington and
obtain his opinion as to whether the
tax on pure wine could be omitted or
modified without Injury to the remain
der of the bill. A good deal of enthu
siasm ; was manifested by both dealers
and growers, and undoubtedly the bill,
when slightly amended, will give satis
faction throughout California.
Mr. Bell was requested to have the
California delegation in Congress sup
port the proposed appropriation for the
viticultural experimental stations : in
this State.
COMMITTEE OP CITIZENS
CONFERS WITH CONGRESSMAN*
H. Dobson, who owns valuable tin
mines near Teller, Alaska, arrived
from the north yesterday and is regis
tered at the Occidental.
Henry E. Huntington is up from Los
Angeles.
Judge M. S. Sayer of Lake County is
at the Lick.
A. B. Hill, a banker of Petaluma, is
at the Lick.
J. W. Brockman, a capitalist of Be
kersfield. is at the California,
George E. Peoples, a prominent
business man of Fresno, is in the city.
Attorney Frank M. Short and wife
arrived at the Palace yesterday from
Fresno. ->
L. B. Johnson, freight and passenger
agent of the Denver and Rio Grande
system at San Jose, is in this city.
Dr. Lassig, Dr. Grosfillez and Dr.
Louvan, who have been visiting Tahiti,
are at the California on their way, home
to Germany.
James L. Flood, Dr. Beverly MacMon
agle and Major Rathbone leave to-day
on a visit to <he millionaire's southern
country home.
PERSOXAIi.
Timothy J. Lynch, who, in Septem
ber, 1902, was injured in a collision
between an electric car and a train
near Sunnyside, sued the United Rail
roads and the Southern Pacific Com
pany yesterday for $25,000 damages.
He charges the defendants with crimi
nal carelessness.
Wants Damages for Injuries.
Hans Wulff, an aged rancher who is
held for observation as to his sanity at
the Central Emergency Hospital,
claims that an attempt is being made
to railroad him to the Insane asylum.
Attorney Walter Thompson is repre
senting Wulff and his case will be.care
fully watched by the physicians.
Wulff, who is possessed of consider
able jneans,. was stricken with pa
ralysis early last month. He was treat
ed at the German Hospital and finally
discharged as cured. It is claimed that
after returning to his home at 268
Sixth avenue he threatened to kill him
self by either cutting his throat or
jumping from the window.
His son, Henry, swore to a warrant
charging him with insanity and he was
"taken into custody. Yesterday morn
ing he was examined and the physi
cians decided to hold him for observa
tion. Wulff insists that his wife and
four sons, Henry, John, William and
Frank, are conspiring to have him
railroaded to an asylum with the ulti
mate intention of securing control of
his property. The estate consists of a
ranch in Sacramento County and prop
erty in' the Richmond district.
• Attorney Thompson claims his atten
tion was called to the case by mer
chants with whom Wulff had done busi
ness for a number, of years. They were
impressed with Wulff's story, and as
cases of sane men being shipped to In
sane asylums are by no means rare,
desired that the case be carefully in
vestigated.
The members of Wulff's family claim
that their sole desire in causing his ar
rest is to prevent him from ending his
life. They say there is no mercenary
motive back of the complaint, as in
that case they would have applied for
guardianship . papers.
Aged Man Claims Wife and
Children Wish to Railroad
Him to the Insane Asylum
Simpson Memorial Methodist Episco
pal — Morning, preaching by the pastor.
Rev. John Stephens; evening, same.
First English Lutheran— Morning, "A
New Year's Question: How Old Art
Thou?" evening, "Seekers After God."
Pastor Rev. E. Nelander.
A sacred musical service will be held
this evening in St. Stephen's Church.
This morning at St. Ignatius Church
a sermon by one of the fathers will be
preached at the 10:30 o'clock mass.
Vespers and a sermon will conclude the
evening service.
The Sunday social religious hours for
men. at 3 o'clock in the Young Men's
Christian Association, are attracting
large numbers of men. Frank S. F!ord
of the First Christian Church will
speak to-day at 3 o'clock. Subject,
"Dead or Alive." The First Congrega
tional Church choir will sing and the
Robson orchestra will furnish instru
mental music. An - informal reception
will be tendered Mr. Ford in the re
ception hall at 2:30 o'clock. There will
be orchestral music. All men are in
vited. This order of service is a new
arrangement of things at the great in
stitution. Mr. McCoy's life question
Bible class for men follows Mr. Ford's
address. The music to-day will be un
der the direction of Samuel D. Mayer,
organist, and Mrs. L. Snider Johnson
will sing a solo.
Services at the churches to-day are
as follows:
California-street Methodist Episcopal
—Morning, "A Happy New Year"; even
ing, "A Diary of 1903." Pastor Rev.
Clarence Reed.
Pastors Will Preach On Subjects Deal
ins With Good Resolutions
For the New Year.
VARIETY OF TOPICS AT
THE DIFFERENT CHURCHES
WULFF HAKES
GRAVE CHARGE
Social Club Linnea, a Swedish-
American organization of this city,
held its annual banquet and dance in
Pythian Castle last evening. H. Matt
pcrn was toastmaster. Speeches were
delivered and music was rendered dur
ing the repast. At the close of the
banquet dancing was enjoyed. A. Nel
son was floor manager and A. Donnel
son his assistant.
Hold Banquet nnd Dance,
Accident to Streetcar.
Car 1154 of the Kearny and Mission
Ftreet line became derailed last even
ing about 6 o'clock. As the car was
Switching; from Mission into Third
street on its downtown trip the switch
man released the switch before the
rear trucks had passed it. As a result
the forward trucks kept on their jour
oey up Third street, while the rear
ones kopt on their course down Mis
.rion street. The car was brought to a
sadden halt by the rear trucks being
wrested from under the body of tlie
car. The pteps were wrecked and it
y.;;.-- some time before the car was got
i;i proper condition fo that traffic
could be resumed. There were sev- j
eral people on the car at the time, but j
no one was injured.
A. Chamberlain, a bartender, em
ployed at 138 Mason street, was ar
rested yesterday by Officer Hutchins
and charged with assault to murder.
He attempted to kill R. H. Porter be
cause the latter was paying attentions
to a woman Chamberlain admired.
Chamberlain met Porter in a lodg
ing-house at Turk and Taylor streets
and tried to shoot him, but the pistol
missed fire.
Bartender Uses Revolver.
For Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday.
Special — J6.00. $7.00. JS.00 ladies' silk
waists $2.90.
Special — 75e. $1.00. $1.25 and $1.50
ladies' fancy hose 48c.
Special — 50c, 65c, 75c ladies* black and
fancy "hose 33 c.
Special— $2.00. $2.50. $2.75 ladies' golf
vests $1.55.
Special— 25c 4-inch Silk Plaid Ribbon
lCc a yard.
Special — 75c tennis flannel Fkirts 4Sc.
Special — 50c, 75c opera bags, all
silk. 25c.
Special— 20c children's black hose, all
sizes. 12 He
GREEXBERG & GREENBERG, Grant
c venue, corner Geary street. •
GREEXBERG & GREEXBERG
, SPECIALS
The hall committee of the Junior
Order of United American Mechanics
and the Daughters of Liberty will
give a joint social in the large hall of
the Mission Opera-house on the night
of Saturday evening next. It is a
strictly invitational affair, which will
insure a select aggregation of people.
Frederick Patterson is the chairman
of the general committee that will
look after the comfort and pleasure of
the guests.
Juniors and Daughters Dance.
Last evening there was a reunion
of worshipful masters who recently re
tired from nineteen local lodges, of re
cently installed masters and of junior
and senior wardens of these lodges in
one of the leading rotlsseries. There
was discussed an account of the work
that the board has done during the
last year. The report read showed that
there was expended for the relief of
Masons in the jurisdiction of California
$1869, of Masons in other Jurisdictions
in the United States $5672, of foreign
jurisdictions $4703. It was also shown
that the disbursement for charities by
the board since 1856, when it was or
ganized, amounts In the aggregate to
$431,329. During 1903 the board attended
to last rites in the cases of sixteen
members of the fraternity. At the re
union the matter of the proposed hos
pital was discussed, and those present
were interested in the matter with a
view that steps shall soon be taken to
bring about the desired result.
After the supper there was presented
to Edwin W. Tucker a token of appre
ciation of the service he had rendered
the board in the shape of a valuable
clock of the grandfather pattern, after
which a number of those who were as
sociated with him, in appreciation of
the work he had done to advance the
movement for the proposed hospital,
presented him with a large silver lov
ing-cup, on which appears engraved a
fac simile of the signature of the don
ors. These are H. M. Owen of Califor
nia Lodge. A. Hugenfn of La Parfalte
Union, J. A. Snook and C. E. Landis of
Occidental, W. A. T. Agard and A. H.
Phelps of Golden Gate, J. F. Schroth of
Mount Morlah, Theodore Cohn of Fi
delity, F. Gercke of Hermann, George
L. Darling of Pacific, Harry Newhoff
and J. B. Roberts of Crockett, W. R.
L. Campbell of Oriental, L. C. Hunter
and D. Ai Hare of Excelsior, L. G. Kra
mer and E. C. Hare of South San Fran
cisco, A. C. Bauer of Doric, W. P. Fil
mer and G. W. Lake*bf King Solomon,
J. A. Bright of Starr King and J. H.
Boyd of Presidio Lodge. These were all
present at the reunion, and in addition
there were C. Schlessinger," J. A. Wright,
H. J. Gerhardt, D. S. Hirshberg, C. H.
Penwell, J. A. Watson, C. T. Cleve and
R. G. Mantel.
After the various propositions brought
up had been discussed there was an
hour of toasts and speechmaking. '
The attention of the Masonic frater
nity in this city has for some time been
alive to the necessity of greeting a Ma
sonic hospital in this State, to be an
adjunct to the Masonic Home at De
coto. In this movement Edwin W.
Tucker, chairman, and E. C. Hare, sec
retary of the Masonic board of relief,
have been very active. In 'a circular
addressed to every lodge in the State
the officers named say:
At the present time every lodge In this
State is compelled to send Its aged and in
flrm brethren to the different hospitals in their
respective cities, because they are refused ad
mittance to the home, as there are no accom
modations for them, and for which the lodges
would gladly pay the same aa they do at the
hospitals, knowing full well that their breth
ren would receive every care and attention.
We believe that It is absolutely necessary
that this step shQuld be taken, and that each
and every Mason In the State of California
will have a better and higher appreciation of
the beauties of our great fraternity when
this work has been accomplished. This will
entail an expense of about $50,000, and It will
be necessary to devise ways and means to
raise this amount, and it has been suggested
that we give a fair, to be held entirely under
the auspices of the Masonic fraternity, and
to that end we submit this proposition to the
different lodges, asking each and every one to
thoroughly dlacuss the matter and send us
their views.
George W. Emery, desertion, dishon
orable discharge and eighteen months
at Alcatraz; W. E. Shearer, desertion,
dishonorable discharge and eighteen
months at Alcatraz; R. E. Cacey, de
sertion, dishonorable discharge and
eighteen months; Sergeant Charles
Hoover, allowing a prisoner to escape,
reduced to the ranks and fined $10 a
month for six months: Dee Elliott,
conduct to the prejudice of good order
and military discipline, to be confined
at hard labor for four months and fined
$12 a month for the same period; W.
L. Pettit, desertion, dishonorable dis
charge and six months at Alcatraz; J.
G. Wilson, quitting guard, to be con
fined at hard labor for six months and
fined $10 per month for the same pe
riod; R. A. Cain, conduct to the preju
dice of good order and military disci
pline, to forfeit 520 of his pay; J. J.
Milne, conduct to the prejudice of good
order and military discipline (six pre
vious convictions being- considered), to
be dishonorably discharged and con
fined for one year at Alcatraz; Al
phonse Beauchea, desertion, to be dis
honorably discharged and sentenced to
eighteen months at Alcatraz.
The transport Sherman is scheduled
to sail from here for Manila on Febru
ary l.
The holiday vacation for the enlisted
men at the Presidio came to an end
yesterday and the regular routine work
of the post will again be taken up. For
the past ten days, beginning with field
day, as is always the custom at this
post, drills have entirely been done
away with, and only the work neces
sary to post duties has been indulged
in. Baseball and other outdoor sports
have been the order of the day, and
into these all the troops have entered
with great gusto and enthusiasm.
Now they will have a chance to enter
into their regular drills with renewed
force and vigor after their respite from
work.
Drill call for field artillery and caval
ry will be at 8:05 every morning, ex
cept Saturday and Sunday, and coast
artillei'y on the same days at 8:50.
Guard mount every day in the year
will be at 11 a. m. The band will par
ticipate each day and at the conclusion
will play three selections.
The Twenty-eighth Infantry, which
is coming home on the transport Sheri
dan, is due here about the 14th inst.
The Sheridan is expected to arrive at
Honolulu about the 5th.
William Ryan, an employe in the
quartermaster's department at the
Presidio, got mixed up in the New
Year's celebration at Harbor View
Park, and in the general hilarity of
the occasion, managed to get shot in
the arm. Exactly how it happened he
is not able to say. The wound, while
painful, is not serious and he will soon
be as good as new.
General MacArthur has disposed of a
number of the court-martial cases
that had accumulated during his ab
sence in Honolulu. Among those whose
sentences he authorized were:
General MacArthur Disposes
of Cases That Accumulated
While He Was in Honolulu
Board of Relief of the Fra
. tcrnity Active 1 in the Matter
and Expects to Start a Fair
WAY TO RAISE THE COIN
COURT - MARTIAL ORDERS
Proposition to Build an Ad
junct at the Home at Decoto,
Alameda County, Is Broached
After Holiday Vacation Sol
diers Again Take Up Drills
and Begular Koutine Work
ENLISTED MEN
RESUME DUTIES
MASONS WANT
NEW HOSPITAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO . CALL", SUNDAY, JANUARY 3, 1904.
31
The greatest bargain event of the year begins to-morrow. 1
It means we're cutting prices now Just when you most need m
these garments. We cannot quote every item, but reductions I
are general. Every section of our store participates in this d
clearance and every department offers the most unusual values. |
Clearing of Winter Waists Clearing of Walking Skirts Clearing of Corsets §
75c Waists tomorrow 45c $3.00 Skirts to-morrow..$1 .95 50c Corsets to-morrow 35c g
$1.25 Waists to-morrow... 70c $3.75 Skirts to-morrow..$2.45 75c Corsets to-morrow 48c g
$1.50 Waists to-morrow. .95c $4.00 Skirts to-morrow..$2.90 $1.00 Corsets to-morrow... 75c f$
$1.75 Waists to-morrow.$1.20 $4^50 Skirts to-morrow..$3.50 $1.25 Corsets to-morrow. .98c n
$2.25 Waists to-morrow.$1 .45 $5.00 Skirts to-morrow..$3.90 $1.50 Corsets to-morrow.$1 .25 I
$2.75 Waists to-morrow.$1 .75 $6.00 Skirts to-morrow..$4.50 $2 Corsets to-morrow. . . $1 .48 ; j
|~ Big Saving on Children's Goats I Excellent Bargains in Ribbons 1
_ ¦ A1 __ . % ***** 20c Ribbon to-morrow, per rj
$2.75/ Coats to-morrow..$l. 75 $5.00 Coats to-morrow...$3.50 yaK j -|q c m
$3.50 Coats to-morrow..$2.50 $5.50 Coats to-morrow. . $3.95 25c Fjyicy Ribbon, to-morrow, P
$4.00 Coats to-morrow.. $2.95 $6.00 Coats to-morrow i .$4.40 per yard 12y>C U
\ Coats Are Good, Warm and Serviceable [ I * y^..!r^..t I
I Winter Clearance Sale of Muslin Underwear!"™ »™ lm S P E , ETHEYA #1 1
MUSLIN AND NAINSOOK GOWNS MUSLIN DRAWERS " «S «""?!-! I
50c Gowns to-morrow 38c 35c Drawers to-morrow. .19c i0C y zOC, OOC, 4oC, DOC Mp 4
65c Gowns to-morrow.... 45c 50c Drawers to-morrow.. 35c WOMEN'S WHITE PETTICOATS 1
$1.00 Gowns to-morrow.. .75c 65c Drawers to-morrow.. .48c 50c Skirts 75c Skirts SI. 00 Skirts i
$1.25 Gowns to-morrow.. 95c 75c Drawers to-morrow. .. 59c at 39C at 48C 2t 6SC !
...SWEEPING CLEARANCE IN FLANNELETTE GARMENTS,,. 1
WRAPPFR9 ""'^i' ?T" Clearing Women's Flannel Skirts L - . immense 1 j
85" Wrap" to-morro: 650 45c-C.ea ra nce Sale price for Clearing in Flannel GOWfiS |
$1 Wrappers to-morrow.. 75c FLANNEL SKIRTS. 5°c Gowns to-morrow.... 35c |
$1.25 Wrappers to-morrow95c Trimmed with . ruffle of 75 C Gowns to-morrow 69c
$1.50 Wrappers to-morrow Linen Torchon Lace. Reg- $1.00 Gowns to-morrow.., .75c i
•••••• $1.20 ularprice65c. $1.25 Gowns to-morrow.. 95c \
EIDERDOWHDRBSliirSAOQOp HM S£^ Knit Underwear Clearance Prices! j
60c Sacques to-morrow.. 45C WOMEN AND CHILDREN 25c Vests to-morrow 19c j
90c Sacques to-morro-v. . .70c l $ c HoSe . to-morrow 10c 5°c Vests to-morrow 35c j
$ 1 .00 Sacques to-morrow. . 85c 2OC Hose to-morrow ... 1 2>< C 75 C Vests to-morrow 45c !
$1.50 Sacques to-morrow . .95c 25c Hose to-morrow 1 5c Pants to Match.
Green Trading Stamps With ffjj|ffi(S BBOSi 1220-22-24 Market St. f
All PlirchaSSS, . . . • . . Petwpn Tavlnr ;rd fnnPt
I • I HONEST VALUES I ? * Cfl Jongs I |
ADVERTISEMENTS.
eQ05GOOa©0090QC«0000©0«090000030000000000©COi
I Dry Goods '^^^0 C Company, i
ANNUAL !
9 ; i
9 ¦ ¦ ¦ 5-..-". ; - <
© Most Important Offerings Before Stocktaking. <
• I <
| Tailored Suits j
i Walking Suits !
! Silk and Cloth Skirts j
I Lace Dress Skirts j
| Walking Skirts- j
I Coats and Jackets j
• I {
• Sale Commences 9 a. m. Monday, Jan. 4th, 1904. <
§ Second Floor. ]
| CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, j
• / Geary and Stockton Streets, Union Square. i
APVXBTIS EXTENTS. _^__
ccoccGcccoooGcoeseoesaoGoeoeooeooooGOCGOOoee
° 4fe B B
o —
I $80,000 Stock
c
I
I AT ANY OLD PRICE.
o
I GREATEST REDUCTIONS
3 EVER KNOWN IN CALIFORNIA.
I S20.00 ETON JACKET SUITS $8.45
§ S25.00 ENGLISH TWEED SUITS ...$9.95
• $35.00 FANCY TAILORED SUITS $11.45
• S7.50 KERSEY JACKETS $1.95
I $12.00 CLOTH BOX COATS .$3.95
o <3 Rfl WAI I'INR WIRTC fftc
g S/.UU IWbtU olvlnTo..: $2.Zb
I SI5.00 SILK DRESS SKIRTS $5.95
I S7.00 CHILDREN'S SILK-LINED CO ATS...... $3.45
§ $10.00 LONG FUR STOLES $3.95
| $12.00 OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS.. $4.45
1 $15.00 ELECTRIC SEAL CAPES ....$4.95
| NO GOODS EXCHANGED.
| j SEE OUR WINDOWS |
2' Wholesale Manufacturers
g pr 1142-1146 MARKET ST.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
YOU WELL BE ALIi
SMELES AGAIX
Forget Your Stomach and You'll
Have a Santa Clans Face.
HOW TO DO IT.
If there Is one thing more than all
others that will give a man a forlorn
and friendless appearance and make
him morbid and "cranky" and dis-
agreeable that thing is dyspepsia. It
makes one forget his friends and be-
come morose and irritable. He is so
wrapped up in his own misery that
he is inconsiderate of every one .else.
Relieved of this terrible and depressing
ailment, he again becomes a good fel-
low and a man among men.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are be-
yond Question the most effective and
popular remedy ever offered to the suf-
ferers of this terrible disease. The thou-
sands and thousands of cures they have
brought about and the enormous in-
crease of their sales fully attest the
truth of this statement.
They are, above all, a natural rem-
edy. They possess exactly the same
properties that the gastric juices and
other digestive fluids of the stomach
possess and they actually do the diges-
tive wqrk of the stomach and enable
that organ to rest and recuperate and
become sound and well. They act in
a mild, natural manner and cause no
disturbance in the digestive organs.
They prevent any fermentation of the
food, which causes sour stomach. In
fact, under their influence the subject
forgets that he has a stomach and his
resulting cheerfulness presents a great
contrast to his former dejection.
Millions .of boxes of Stuart's Dyspep-
sia Tablets are sold annually and they
are but Jn the dawn of their popularity.
Every mail brings letters of thanksgiv-
ing from grateful ones who have been
cured of this terrible disease. The fol-
lowing is one of hundreds received each
week:
. Rev. J. R. Hoae of Wymore, Neb.,
writes: "For six years I have been
troubled with dyspepsia. Last fall I
became very much alarmed at some
symptoms of heart trouble and came
to believe there was a sympathetic re-
lation between the two diseases, or
rather that the stomach trouble was the
cause of the heart disturbances. I hit
upon Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets for a
remedy and Invested a dollar and a
half for three boxes, wnich lasted me
three months, and I can eat any kind
of food I want and have a good, vig-
orous appetite. Although I am 77 years
old, I now feel perfectly well and, with-
out being requested by any one, I make
this statement as a compliment to th«S
virtues of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets."
.•
\
(Main Floor) MOffilay, JaMMy 4th, 0*™ Floor)
Greatly Reduced Prices
Cor.Post * Kearny 5ts*Reduced rates on household *ood» to & from
the East & South. Bekln's. 11 Mftntyomery st. •
: Chuso Ishikawa, a young Japanese
clerk residing at 409 Sutter street,
committed suicide ' yesterday morning
by swallowing sulphuric acid. His
brother-in-law t Harukichi Kawaguchi,
heard him moaning in the back yard
about 6 o'clock and on going to his
assistance Chuso told him -that- he had
taken the acid. Dr. Lamb, the family
physician, was hurriedly summoned
and worked ur>on the patient for two
hours, at the end of which time d°ath
took place. .Dr.. .Lamb had . been
treating the patient for a long time for
stomach trouble. Chuso was 24
years old. '^^T^JViiTjigaiitiil
Suicide With Sulphuric Acid.
ADAMS' Irish Mo«3 Cojigh Balsam .the. safe,
sure, guaranteed cure. 23c. 30c. Druggists. •
A mortgage was recorded yester
day covering the loan of $350,000 by
the Hibernia Savings and Loan So
ciety to Mrs. Theresa .Fair Oelrichs.
The loan is to run for one year from
December 22, 1903. The security
given is the . Fairmont . Hotel prop
erty, which Mrs. Oelrichs agrees to
keep insured for $250,000. The mort
gage was recorded. at. the. request of
Tobin & Tobin. attorneys for the bank.
Borrows $330,000 From Hibcrnia
Bank and Insures Building for
•:?"•. : Partial Security.
MRS. OKLRICHS MORTGAGES
HOTEI* FAIRMONT PROPERTY
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralsta.
Druggists. *te flask. Richard & Co.. 406 Clay.*
From the effects of an accident on
New Year's day Mrs. Olivia Fanny
Thaler lies dead at her home, 4078
Eighteenth street. The injuries were
received while she and her husband
were skylarking.
On New Year's afternoon Gustave
Thaler, the decedent's husband, was
sprinkling the flower garden with a
hose and playfully scattered a few
drops of water upon her. Mrs. Tha
ler, laughing, ran upon the roof of a
small shed to get a rag to throw at
her husband and she slipped and fell
to the ground, a distance* of sixteen
feet. She alighted on her feet and
fell over upon her side, striking her
abdomen upon the garden railing, re
ceiving injuries from which she died
at 10 o'clock yesterday morning. She
was only 26 years old.
While Skylarking With Her Husband
Mrs. Olivia Thaler Falls From
a Roof Sixteen Feet.
XEW YEAR FROMC ENDS
IN YOUNG MATROX'S DEATH
BEER BOTTLERS' ORGANIZATION.
To Secure the Return of Their Bottles.
•An organization has just been perfect
ed "known as the San Francisco Beer
Bottlers' Association,' its object being to
protect its members in the matter of
securing the return of empty bottles.
Commencing this morning all patrons of
beer bottlers in San Francisco will be
required -to, pay a deposit on each and
every bottle, of , beer delivered to them,
said deposlt'being security for the safe
return to beer bottlers of their patent
stoppers -attached' to their beer bottles,
and said patrons will further be required
to return the empty bottles bearing the
registered trade marks and trade names
of the beer bottler. The organization is
composed of all-the,beer bottlers in San
Francisco. \ without exception, and • in
consequence', it will have sufficient
strength to carry out its objects. It does
not, however, intend to deal with any
thing except the return of empty bot
tles. . K ; v ', i •
Libel for Damages.
Henry Cowell Lime and Cement
Company . filed a libel yesterday in
the United States District Court
against the ship • Bossuet to recover
$1530 damages alleged to have been
sustained -by water leaking into a
cargo of cement.on"the way from Rot
terdam to -.San Francisco. The libel
lanf. declares . that 1 the decks of the
Bossuet were improperly calked and
let In the water.
Gnlllett's New Tear's extra mince pies. Ice
cream and cake. 906 Larkln St.: tel. East 198. •
A train is never missed till . it's
gone. — Confessions of a Commuter.
The Supreme Court yesterday denied
a rehearing to Charles .Wardrjp, who
Is under sentence of death for murder
ing Hugh Duffy two years ago in Sac
ramento while attempting to burglar
ize his victim's house. In the destruc
tion of the criminal's last chance of
escape from the gallows the court de
clares that the law compelling a Judge
to charge the Jury to regard the testi
mony of an accomplice, with distrust is
unconstitutional.
Wardrlp had a boy hb his companion
in the commission of the crime j for
which he must die. The youth was cap
tured on the spot. Wardrip was taken
several weeks later in Salt Lake City.
When he was brought back to Sac
ramento for trial the boy testified
against him. The attorneys for the
defense wished to have the court rule
that the youngster's statements should
be taken with a grain- of salt. , Thus
was the matter • bro.ught to the . atten
tion of the State's highest tribunal. In
settlement of the question the Supreme
Court says:
"In denying a rehearing In this case
it Is proper to add>that upon the ques
tion bs to the constitutionality of : our
statue providing thai j the jury is on
all proper occasions to. be Instructed
that the testimony of an accomplice
ought to be viewed with distrust, and
the evidence of the oral admission of
a party with caution, which question
was fully argued both in the briefs
herein and orally, we are of the opin
ion that so far as the statute requires
such an instruction ever to be given
It is unconstitutional, for the reason
that such an Instruction would be In
violation of the constitutional Injunc
tion against Judges charging as to mat
ters of fact.
"It has frequently been said by this
court that the civlng of such an" In
struction will not be reversible error
where by it the jury is instructed as
to commonplace matters within their
general 'knowledge, "but t\ r e'a\re satis
fled that judgment should never be re
versed for the. refusal on the - Dart of
the court to Instruct upon matters of
fact."
William Rebstock, 18" years old,
died at the French Hospital yesterday
morning from injuries received last
Thursday by falling from the third
story of Tillmann & Bendel's ware
house, corner of Pacific and Battery*
Killed by a Fall.
Prepared for the Crowds.
All arrangements for the first great
clearance sale at Baron's Cloak and Suit
House are completed. An extra force of
salesladies are engaged so that the large
crowd can be walte'd upon. For ' three
days the store was closed to mark prices
down, and marked down they are. : 200
different styles of ladies' $17.60 suits
will go at $7.85. The $50.00 suits. $25.00.
About 500 walking skirts, $5.00 value,
.will sell at $1.90. The famous '$17.60
military coats. $7.85. Only one garment
will be sold to each buyer. Sale com
mences Monday morning.' 10 o'clock, at
Baron's Cloak and Suit House, 762 Mar
ket St. •
Say There Is No Truth in Ctaanre.
\V. T. Kearns and Notary Public A.
K. Daggett. defendants in a suit
brought by Edward Murphy, as ad
ministrator of the estate of his aunt.
Jane Canney, filed an answer yester
day. They deny Murphy's charge that
they took advantage of Mrs. Canney*s
condition and secured from her the
largest part of her estate.
Not only will the men have to work
on each drill night, but the commis
sioned officers will have to study up in
order to be- able to impart the neces
sary knowledge to the men. Many of
those who in the past have held com
misions in order that they might sport
uniforms and shine at social functions
will find under the new order of things
that they will have to become proficient
in the art of war or their commissions
will- be in danger.
The inspections on behalf of the
United States "War Department, in or
der that the authorities may know the
exact standing and condition of the va
rious organizations in this State, will
commence this nymth, and such will be
closer than they have ever been. Upon
the report to be furnished will depend
much of the help that the United States
Government will extend to the National
Guard of this State. If it is found care
less, negligent and Indifferent but little
assistance will be rendered, but if there
is evidence of a desire to make the
State soldiery anything like what it is
thought it ought to be, then material
aid will be given.
The oilicers and men will hava to do
their level best to create a first-class
deputation unless thcr desire to suffer
greatly by comparisons, for thls-yc-ar
the National Guard will go into camp
with the. regulars, for two reasons —
first, that they learn something about
camp life . by observing how the regu
lars conduct a camp, and, second, to
give the inspectors an opportunity to
ete how much or how little they know
of camp duties.
The course that has been mapped out
is along the lines suggested by Colonel
Wilhelm, United States army inspector,
at * various times in the past four
months. This will include thorough in
struction in the- setting-up exercises,
so that the men in uniform will look
like soldiers, and not - like an army of
stoop-shouldered, round-backed men,
whose appearance is not creditable on
parade or at drill; also instruction in
the manual of arms, and to this strict
attention will have to be paid, as the
men . have' been * provided with Krag-
Jorgensens, which must be * handled
with much more care than the old
Springfields. Not only will the men be
instructed in the handling of the, to
them, new arm, but they will be in
structed in the care of the same. Then
there will be instruction in cadence of
step, and it is expected that in time
the men will be taught to walk at the
regulation step and keep distance, so
that in marching there will not be an
interm.'ssion of ten minutes after one
organization has passed before the oth
er appears. This will be embraced in
the preliminary work, to be followed
by complete instruction in squad, com
pany, regimental and brigade move
ments.
Commencing to-morrow there will be,
it is expected, a radical reform in the
National Guard of California, for or
ders have gone forth that there must
be more attention in the rank and file
to military duties than there has been
in the past. These orders have been
issued in the hope that black marks
that have been scored against the ef
ficiency of the guard may be effaced.
Suits for divorce were also filed by
Helen' F. Barry against Michael Barry
for cruelty .and intemperance and C. A.
Atkins against M. F. Atkins for deser
tion. . • s/;/
In a complaint for divorce filed yes
terday by Louisa; R.: Hbeninghaus she
alleges that Sidney Hoeninghaua . de
ceived and deserted her last June at
Vancouver. She asks for a divorce on
the ground of conviction of" felony, al
leging • that her husband is now serv
ing a term in a Seattle prison for for
gery. She asks, for a divorce, alimony
and. permission to resume the name of
her first husband, Muston. The couple
was married at Sydney, Australia, in
November, ;1902. (,
It is said that the defendant in the
action is the. son -of one of New York's
wealthiest ¦ merchants.
Ruth B. Aronsohn is seeking a di
vorce- from Martin Aronsohn on the
ground of. cruelty; She alleges that he
has frequently abused her and that she
suffers continuously because of his pe
nuriousness. She charges that even
whenshe.was sick and delicate he was
so stingy -that- he would not give her
carfare, compelling her to walk great
distances to the great detriment of her
health.. They were married in June,
1895. : ••¦•-. ¦ (;-'• ,
Officers in Danger of Losing
Commissions— Privates Are to
Be Taught to March and Drill
Alleges in Her Complaint
That He Is Now Occupying
a Felon's Cell at Seattle
Charles Wardrip, /Who Killed
Hugh Duffy in" Sacramento,
Loses Last Hope of Escape
MUST BECOME PROFICIENT
SUES HIM FOR- DIVORCE
MUST DIE ON SCAFFOLD
National Guard to Be Placed
on a Strong Footing by the
Government of United States
Louisa E. Hoeninghaus Says
Her Young Husband Left
Her Last June at Vancouver
Snpreme Conrt Declares Law
Cited in Aid of Convicted
Felon Is Unconstitutional
MANY REFORMS
CONTEMPLATED
HER MARRIAGE
NOT BLISSFUL
SAYS STATUTE
IS NOT VALID
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, JANUARY 3, 1901.
S.F.Stoll, destlst; Halcht & Hasoaio aV«*
Ignatian Council No. 25 of the
Young Men's Institute will have its
annual reception and ball in Native
Sons' Hall on the evening of. Friday.
January 15. The social • functions of
this, the largest and one of the most
popular councils of the order, have
always been well attended and there is
every reason to believe from the num
ber of invitations that have been ap
plied for that there will be more pres
ent on that occasion than at any pre
vious function. The committee ar
rangirtg for this affair is F. A. Mc-
Carthy. R. D. Blake, J. B. Queen. J.
P. Duffy. J.' J. "Walsh/ G. M. Power, J.
B. Coffey. J. F. Lenihan, W. A. Ereslln
and J. D. Pwyer. , aMBBflBBMJSBMi
lunatian Council's Party.
32
SPECIAL SALE
• . ' i
On Monday, January 4th, we will place on SPECIAL
SALE about 30,000 yards f INE EMBROIDERIES In
Cambric and Nainsook. These come in all the
different widths of Edgings and Inserting, are
worked on an extra fine quality of cloth and the
prices range from 8J^c to 50c per yard.
Mote the Following:
A Qlvi ) 3 °00 Hards CAMBRIC EMBROIDERY In
jLCi2\j V35 dirrerent patterns from one to two
Yard^ ) Inches wide,
/(Cn ) 4200 uards CAMBRIC EMBROIDERY, full
JL c) \j \ three inches wile In afcout 40 nanl-
Yard ) some patterns. .
9fir> ) 300 ° BaFds CAMBRIC EMBROIDERY In
£j\j\j \ about .25 different patterns; will measure
Yard y full four inches wide.
CA n } 500 DaPdS EMBROIDERED CAMBRIC
UVt J- DEMI FLOUNCmG, 16 inches • in . wldlhj
Yard J Yeru handsome patterns.
HANDKERCHIEFS.
150 dozen LADIES 1 LINEN LAWN and LINEN CAM-
BRIC HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS.
SI .00 Doz
100 dozen GENTS' LINEN CAMBRIC HEMSTITCHED
HANDKERCHIEFS In inch hem
f~\ X P^ Orders by mall receive prompt attention
A V^^ •£ wlJj All orders for samples or joods filled
and shipped same day they are received.
ill, 118, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
yl ffl^yDnderniBslin Sale ||
>» /T^T^f^V vve Pl ace on sa l e many thf«u-
h/i '-• ! - ii '^-S^--s-/ sands of new, choice, well made v ,
fSSt undergarments made of best quality muslins. They are
iX| liberally cut according to all sizes- Never before have 2^ j
CTj we prepared so extensively or placed before the ladies of f
|«5 San Francisco such quantities of muslin underwear at K>
IOg such very low prices- Come to our annex and partici- L 4
Qj pate in this opportunity to supply your undermuslin
ySZ needs. The extraordinary good values offered will repay &VS
iXg you for your visit. Q£|
ffi MUSUN and CAMBWC MUSLIN and CAMBWC UJ
Q3 gowns. skirts. m
Jtj Made of superior quality Made of durable materials, R>|
;«» materials; trimmed with beautifully edged and trim- V\J
fAJ laces, embroideries, satin med with Torchon laces and TVl
|8d • ribbons.- <Just<srs- of tucks. Valenciennes insertions. It's V«J
lX| Elbow and long sleeves, high an actual fact that the skirts P/j
iyf or low neck. Some arc fan- arc being offered in this sale {Mjj
VW cy designs, elaborately trim- * or less than you could have M\J
rvt med with blind embroideries, them made. |^«5
JjVj insertions and medallions. SaJg PriCCS 78c, $1.15, CU
fig Sale Prices 48c, 68c, 75c, *$U5, $U8, J1.45, $1.95, PH
KJ 89c, $L98, $2.15 and $235 $2.95 and $350. gi
«J CAMBRIC and MUSLIN MUSLIN and CAMBRIC m
X& CORSET COVERS. DRAWERS. ftfi
&J wi^TeUw^s o7Tor d With hemstitched ruffles, gj
rn chon or Valenciennes laces trimmed with Torchon laces, JWX
&VS and insertions made to the blind embroideries, flounces Q[j
Qfj waist and hemstitched ruf- and many rows of tucks, in- |5>|
P@ "Zi Jrmi lh !aCC rUfflCS> nCCk cludin & Umbrella Drawers. kU
hi Sale a priccsl9c,23c,39c, Sale Prices 25c, 35c, 65c, Sg
Sj 48c > 69c t 98c^L10and$L15 75cfflc,95c,$1.10 and$1.35 M
m CHEVIOT WAISTS NEWEST VELVET SB
¦M at about HALF PRICE. crriftT^ AISTS - RQ
m Vonr restricted, choice »W Valves at »50. M
JSg of several hundred Women's •}", c . ut . " gh - t 'u mad A e "??' M
M Cheviot Waists in white, and fin^hed right. # A wide \AJ
fcfef colored and striped effects; f- 3 "^ ? f coI °"- th metal- JS*
(JJ made according to the pre- hc designs. Such a chance MjJ
|»f dominatins styles. All sizes. »? thls .K°« by rapidly and ffl
CQ Value a $J.oo discerning women will be LU
fSA present early. All sizes. ppj
JXJ Sale Price $1.15. Sale Price $3.50. SSj
M Cor Scary 3t and SranicXve. Qj
r^i Agents Royal Worcester Corsets. foi
"EXPERT OPTICIAN.
ARE YOUR EYES WEAK?
Or Have You Poor Sight ?
If «o. me Oeora-a Mayerlo's Glasses aal
German Eyewatsr. pi ¦_
Weziected Eyesight Affects Ux* Braia,
The 'Wronr Classes Will Sola tfc*
Strongest Eyes.
BCTAM ' of Injurious Imitations.
THE GEJMUXHJB must be ordered direct
from George Mayerle. German Expert
Optician. 1071 Market St.. nr. Seventh.
German Eyewater. 50c; by Mail, 63a.
EYES EXAMINED TREE.
E7* QUiies by Mall on Trial.
Leap Year Party.
Mizpah Court No. 1, Tribe of Ben
Hur. will give a leap year party, one
of the first of the season, in the Wel-
come Hall of the Odd Fellows' build-
ing on the evening of January 4. The
affair will be in charge of a commit-
tee of ladies of the court, who will
display their ability as match-mak-
ers. It Is expected that this court
will have as many marriages this year
as there are single men and, unmanned
ladles in the court.
ADVERTISE3CE2IT8.
Oriental Goods
At Wholesale Prices ;
We Offer Otur Satire £xtr» rtae CoJ. '
lection of i >
Oriental Rugs
AND CURTAINS
"At 25 Per Gent
Olecoixat Ctvm, regular retail pxSee*.
We are sole agent* tar
1 JOHN CROSSLEY & SON'S
j CELEBRATED ENGLISH CARPETS
iChas.M.Plnm & Co.
t Cor. 9th and Market Sts.
¦ ¦•¦*•— -~- * i
/JVESTISRM P.TiTS. \ / .' .
5th ANNUAL CLEARANCE .Jfe
c? a f r (\ ir ii m f\ rF^uifr a fv \ iM^
£fik££M%«r Commencing to-morrow, January 4th, and continuing during the entire \ jLA
week, we will hold a CLEARANCE SALE of LADIES' UNDERGARMENTS, V /*§?"
i^^^^^^- consisting of imported and our own manufacture. The line embraces the -iw l//i?
'-/•^^£ Jk largest, best and most reliable garments ever placed on sale.' $$pMkM0^k
: f^M^^m GOW NS, CHEMISES, CORSET COVERS, DRAWERS, SKIRTS
j^^^/^^^ Made of muslin, cambric, sheer linen, nainsook and lawn; effectively trimmed SKy M' L
W^>^^^^ w^ n f ine » durable laces and embroideries.
SjSj&JjjSP'N Every garment will be sold at an enormous reduction; in most instances ; i
|:J * # \ the prices are marked down to less than the actual cost of manu- jESIlf?Van Ness ave.. 403. Favorable term*.
See educational col. K. H. Webster, Pre«. •
Metropolitan Business College,
' The.grreat Closing. Out Shoe Sale will
eell ladies', and- men's $3.50 shoes for
51.85. Now, getting this In the news
papers is easy, but selling as advertised
is. another thing. In this particular sale
the public la as'.ied to come and sec for
themselves, buy if. they nee a bargain:
otherwise it would be useless to annoy
people unless they ran get what they
come for. Positively.' r*srulnr $3.50
shoes for men and women will be sold
for $1.85 to-morrow at the Closipg Out
Sale, 915 Market st.,'opp. Mason. •
To-morrow Mornin;
Sergeant Daniel Sylvester filed with
Chief Wittman yesterday his report of
the work done by his squud in China
town for the last month. The total
arrests were 171: of these 69 were
convicted and paid fines. 13 convicted
and confined, 73 dismissed, and 16
pending. The total fines and forefit
ures amounted to $420. Yesterday
Sergeant Chrtrtlnnsen and squad took
charge of the district.
Work Done by Chinatown Squad.
¦ Policeman W. T. Hooper, who has
the cruelty to animals detail, filed his
r«port with Chief Wittman yesterday
of his. work for last month. He inves
tigated 63 cases of working: lame
horses.. 21 galled horses, 12 worn out
horses, 2 beating and whipping and
2 underfeeding. He had killed 5
horses and 2 dogs. He had prose
cuted 10 cases,- 9 being convicted and
1 pending. The fines amounted .to $80.
He had al«so examined 630 grading
and hauling: teams.
Hooper Files' His Report.
He has severed his connections with
the company wl£h the view of engag
ing in private business. ' His successor
has not yet been selected. •!&§§£$
William F. Perkins, who, for fifteen
years, served in a duel capacity of
secretary of the Central Pacific Rail
road Company's land office and private
secretary to .William H. Mills, chief of
that, department, has resigned. Mr.
Perkins' resignation was handed into
Mr.* Mills several days ago and became
effective on the "last day of the year.
Mr. Perkins, through his many
year3* connection with the land de
partment, was regarded as a valuable
assistant to Mr. . Mills, a fact" which
was testified to by the latter 'and other
prominent officials of the road when
they were called upon to acknowledge
the receipt of his letter of resignation.
Private Secretary to W. II. Mills Re
tires After Fifteen Years' Service
With Centra! Pacific
PERKINS RESIGNS FROM
RAILROAD LAND OFFICE
Sentinels Will' Install.
Prosperity Council of the Sentinels
of the Universe has decided to have
an Installation banquet on the 11th
inst. to celebrate the induction of the
following named: Louis Parent, chief
sentinel; Leland: Olsen,; vice sentinel:
R. B." Darby, .'secretary;. .Mrs., Nellie
Stuart, conductress: ; Mrs. Mary Liv
ingston, guard, ' and ' Mrs.' Elizabeth
Montgomery; -sentry. ' ¦
BEXSOX WILL. NOT
OFFER HIS BOXDS YET
Attorneys Anticipate a Surprise and
Will Walt Till Monday to
Secure Release.
NEW YORK, San. 2.— Bonds for J.
A. Benson's release were ready this
morning, but his attorney, J. C. 1 Camp
bell, decided not to present them, hav
ing received information that Govern
ment officials had prepared to spring
another surprise. It is said that "the
prosecution, having ttve or six different
Indictments against Benson, 'are ! pre
pared to rearrest * him immediately
after the execution of each bail bond
that . he furnishes. In order to pre
vent them* from repeating their tactics
of Thursday arid arresting Benson
after banking 'hours, it was decided
by. his attorney to wait, until Monday
morning and then endeavor to^pre
sent a bond that would cover all'of the
indictments,"soas' to' prevent 1 rearrest
of .his- client.'.,: ; -' : ." ¦¦: ,.
Mrs. Benson, wife of the prisoner in
Ludlow-street jail, is with her < sister
at the . Waldorf-Astoria. She feels
very keenly the awkward predicament
in which her husband is placed. She
will accompany, -her. husband and
Campbell to Washington, on Tuesday.
of the Schmitz .Central Club and was
once secretary of the Primary League.
He was deputy under former County
Clerks Ruddick and Davies.
.WASHINGTON. Jan. 2.— The Firet National
Bank of Storm; Lake, ¦' Iowa. • has been" closed
by direction ¦ of \ the - Comptroller of the. Cur
rency, on evidence of Insolvency. National
Bank Examiner. Shaw has been appointed tem
porary receiver... ; ¦ . ... ...
City Attorney Lane advised th*
Board of Supervisors yesterday that
the city has a right of action against
the firm of .Phillips, Smyth Van Or
den. which presented demands for the
printing of transcripts on appeal carry
ing an overcharge of $2844 60, which
demands were approved by former
County Clerk Deane, former Auditor
Wells and ex-Treasurer Brooks. The
demands, however, were not approved
by the Board of ¦ Supervisors. Lane
advises that the city has redresa
against Wells and Brook?, who should
not have paid the demands since they
were not approved by the Supervisors.
Lane, however, is of the opinion that
the County Clerk can only be held
liable in case the demands were so
grossly excessive n.s to necessarily im
ply a breach of duty and carelessne3s
amounting to official misconduct In
approving the same.
Printing of " Overcharges.*'
CROWD THROWS ROCKS
AT POLICEMAN' NYHAX
Prisoner Forcibly Taken From Him
and He Secures Warrants for
Arrest of Four Men.
Policeman J. J. Nyhan obtained
warrants from Police Judffe Cabaniss
yesterday for the arrest of Thomas
Rotre, "John Doe" Lynch, "Richard
Roe" Lynch and "John Doe" O'Brien
on a charge of battery. Nyhan
wanted to make the charge assault
*vith a deadly weapon, but the Judge
thought the minor charge would
meet ihe case.
Nyhan said that several men were
raising a disturbance at Twentieth
and Shotwell streets on Friday night.
•He asked them to keep the peace and
•move away, when Lynch struck him.
He grabbed hold of Lynch and the
ofhers struck him and threw rocks
at him. They forcibly took Lynch
from him and Jeered at him.
Nyhan said he was afraid to use his
club in view of the instructions of the
"Mayor.
Sheriff Withdraws Keepers.
' Sheriff Lackmann yesterday v|i\,h
•drew his deputies from the Cljff House,
•v.hc-re they have been in charge ever
rime the attachments on the James
II. Wilkins Company were served at
-the instance of John Sroufe. Both
Wilkins and his wife have been ad-
Judged to be: bankrupts by the United
States court and the receiver in bank
ruptcy -Kill take charge of the affairs
of the concern. Lackmann is pleased
at the - outcome of the ¦ case,- as ¦ he
feared- complications regarding the
settlement of the difficulty.
of the Board of Election Commission
ers and Registrar of the city and coun
ty of San Francisco, pending further
investigation."
Immediately after suspending
"Walsh the Mayor notified Chief Dep
uty Zemansky and Deputy Registrar
Gordon that he would hold each of
them personally responsible for the
safety of the ballots, which are now
in the Registrar's vault at the City
Hall.
Mayor Schmitz said that arrange
ments should be made to ship the
ballots so that the legal custodian
thereof could be in constant posses
sion of them, and this will be done.
The ballots weigh 1100 pounds and
the Mayor ascertained that when
Walsh arranged to ship them to
Washington on his own responsibility
last Thursday Wells, Fargo & Co. sent
a wagon to take them to the train,
but the wagon was too light and the
company's representative promised to
send a heavier wagon the next day.
The Mayor thought there was no need
for haste, as the Congressional investi
gation will not begin until January 14.
CO3IMISSIOX TAKES ACTION.
The only previous action taken by
the Election Commission was at a
meeting held on December|21, when,
on - motion of Commissioner Deasy,
Chief Deputy Zemansky was directed
to take charge of the department of
elections in the absence of Registrar
Walsh in case he i3 subpenaed to ap
pear in Washington With the- ballots
in the Congressional contest of Kahn
vs. Livernash.
The Election Commission met in the
afternoon and Commissioner Boyle
announced that Walsh had agreed to
accompany in person the ballots to
Washington and Mayor Schmitz had
revoked his order suspending Walsh.
The communication from the Mayor
revoking Walsh's suspension was
read, as follows:
"The Board of Election Commission
ers: Thomas J. Walsh, the Registrar
of Voters and secretary of the Board
of Election Commissioners, who was
this day suspended by me for reasons
stated in my communication to- you of
even date, having now presented to me
satisfactory showing that he is willing"
to and will take to Washington, D. C,
the ballots called for in the subpena of
Election Committee No. 1 of the House
of Representatives, under his actual
and personal control and supervision,
and will not allow said ballots to be
taken by any person or persons unau
thorized to receive the same or to take
possession thereof, and, further, having
applied to me for a leave of absence
from the State in accordance with the
provisions of the charter, and it ap
pearing to me that it is possible to ap
point said "Walsh as a deputy registrar
without compensation from the date of
the expiration of his term until his suc
cessor shall have arrived In Washing
ton under subpena, or until said ballots
shall be returned to this State, and said
Walsh now agreeing to comply in all
respects with the law governing the
custody and charge of said ballots, I
do hereby revoke the order of suspen
sion of said Walsh as Registrar of Vot
ers of the city and county of San Fran
cisco and secretary or the Board of
Election Commissioners, this day here
tofore made. Dated San Francisco, Jan
uary 2, 1904.
"E. E. SCHMITZ, Mayor."
Adams, the newly appointed Regis
trar, is 41 years of age and a native, of
this city. He was assistant secretary
Customs laborers Appointed.
Customs Collector Stratton yester
day apjx>inted Thomas II. Dunleavy
an unclassified laborer, at' $840 per
annum and L. M. Hasmussen an un
clas£i£cd laborer at $720 per annum.
The Call correspondent was given this
information to-night by a member of
the notional committee, who says that
all has been arranged. President
Roosevelt's campaign will be intrusted
to ex-Governor Crane and the active
duties of the secretaryship have al
ready devolved upon Coolidge, not
withstanding the fact that Heath is
nominally as yet the secretary.
It is understc-od. that the selection of
Crane was largely due to Senator
Lodge of ; Massachusetts, an Intimate
friend of the. President. Coolidge. the
secretary, was formerly the Washing
ton correspondent of a Boston paper. .
. It. is beginning to be apparent here
that friends. of Senator Hanna, noting
the widespread popularity c-f.the Ohio
man, are very active In his behalf, not
withstanding the repeated declarations
of the Senator that he would not be
a candidate for > President. It is said
by Hanna's intimate friends that the
Senator Recently declared, somewhat
regretfully, that he had already writ
ten more than 1000 letters positively de
clining to be a candidate and he did
not, see how he could now gracefully
accept a nomination if it were tendered
him. Th's declaration induces friends
of the Senator - to . believe that If the
widespread;popular sentiment In favor
of his nomination crystallized in the
national' convention Hanna could be
prevailed, upon to accept the nomina
tion. V ' •'. . ..'-.;•' ¦•;;•' -\ -•
NEW YORK, Jan. 2.— Ex-Governor
Crane of Massachusetts will succeed
Senator Hanna as chairman of the Na
tional Republican - Committee. L. A.
Coolldge, a former Washington news
paper correspondent. will succeed
Perry Heath as secretary of the com
mittee.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CHICAGO. Jan. 2. — When anonymous
letters alleged, to have been written by
Leo Brennan were, read before United
States Commissioner Foot to-day it de
veloped that intimations were made
that an attempt might be made to kid
nap the grandson of Marshall Field.
"Don't forget the Cudahy case," was
one of the. sentences in one of the let
ters. In another it was stated that un
less $50,000 were left in a bag at a place
designated "the entire family must go,"
and that Marshall Field would be the
last to go, so .that he could see what^ a
few dollars would have saved him.
The reading- of the anonymous letters
in court was the first time the / real
threats were' made public.
Overruling. motions of the prisoner's
attorney that theyoung. letter writer
be discharged, Judge Foote held the de
fendant to answer before the Grand
Jury. •
Ex-Governor of Massachusetts
". Selected to Head the Repub
lican National Committee
Interesting 1 Developments Re
sult in Examination. ¦ ' of
Man on- a Serious Charge
After a long discussion it was agreed
to employ counsel and contribute to>
the defense of the suit brought to re
strain Sacramento County from an al
leged infringement of a patent on the
oiling of roadways. Should the patent
be adjudged valid it would be neces
sary for cities to pay royalty to Um
patentees to treat their roads with olL
A joint meeting of the League of
California Municipalities and various
county Supervisors was held yesterday;
at the City Hall. There were present
O. H. Langdon, chairman of the Los
Angeles Board of Supervisors, who
presided: W. J. Dillman, chairman of
the Sacramento Board of Supervisors;
J. B. Glover, chairman of the San Ber
nardino Supervisors, and Charles
Kirkbride, Fred Baker and N. A. Ma
son .of the league.
Supervisors of Several Counties Meet
to F1«cht Suit to Prevent Oll-
Insr of Roadways.
MIGHT KIDNAP
SON OF FIELD
CRANE TO TAKE
H ANNA'S PLACE
WILL DEFEND ALLEGED
IXFRIXGEME>T OF PATENT
METHODIST PASTOR WHOSE ATTACK ON THE PROPOSED GRAND
BALL OF. THE TUESDAY LITERARY CLUB HAS CAUSED ~A
STORM OF INDIGNATION- IN SOCIETY AT SACRAMENTO. .'
The question of selecting a new pres
ident of the Union Pacific has created
considerable interest, and speculation
has included a large number of names,
J. C. Stubbs being one of those given
mo^t prominence. At Union Pacific
headquarters, however, no opinion was
officially ventured as to who would in
the future control the affairs of the
company. Burt himself will remain
nominally in charge of affairs, but ex
pects to begin at once the preparation
for h!s departure.
Burt's resignation, It is learned, has
l>cen in the hands of the directors for
Borne time, although the fact was not
made public' until to-day. It is be
lieved that the board will accept It, as
Burt has been very explicit in his ex
pression of his desire to retire from the
company's services.
President Burt has nothing to add to
the announcement already made of his
resignation beyond saying that he ex
pected to rr.ake his future and perma
nent home in Omaha. He said that he
had no plans beyond his intention of
traveling lor some tim%.
OMAHA, Jan. 2.— Horace G. Burt,
president of the Union Pacific Railroad,
has handed his resignation to the di
rectors. At Burt's office it was said
that he would take an extended trip
with Mrs. Burt to obtain a needed rest.
His active railroad service has extend
ed over thirty-five years.
President Burt was appointed to his
present position in February, 189S,
shortly after the receivership of the
read was dissolved. y\. large number of
changes and improvements have been
rjirried through by him. one of the
greater of which has been the expendi
ture o* more? than Sl.090,000 in the con
struction of new shops at Omaha-
Previous to his appointment as presi
dent of the Union Pacific system Burt
was oonneced with the Chicago and
Northwestern road for nearly thirty
years. He served in tne capacity of
: hief engineer and general manager of
the Fremont, Elkhorn and Missouri
Valley Railroad, now part of the North
western system, and was later made
vice president of the latter road, in
which capacity he was serving when
he came to the Union Pacific.
Tickets for the benefit have been
placed on sale and hundreds have been
disposed of. They can be secured by
applying to Mr. Stanley, in the Pioneer
building.
Preparations for the coming concert
for the benefit of the McKinnon memo
rial fund, which will take place at tha
Mechanics' Pavilion on the evenings of
January 21, are now well under way.
The committee in charge announces
that the services of the famous "fight
ing band" of the deceased chaplain's
regiment will be heard in conection
with other noted musical organizations.
The "fighting: band" is the band that
was with the First California Regiment
at Manila, and earned its title through
the bravery of its members during the
campaign. Most of its members are
San Francisco boys, and when the war
was over they returned to their homes.
Father McKinnon was very popular
with the band boys, and when the ben
efit for a monument to be erected to
his memory was planned the boys at
once volunteered their services for th»j
good cause. The band consists of thir
ty-two pieces, under the direction of
George W. Hollister, and has taken
several prises at different public con
certs.
Burt of the Union Pa
cific Presents His
Resignation.
Members of "Fighting Band"
to Aid McKinnon iMem
orial Fund.
FRKSIDENT OF TJN1OX PA
CIFIC RAILROAD. WHO
HAS RESIGNED.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 2.— A whirlwind
of indignation is raging about the ears
of the Rev. W. W. Case, pastor of the
Sixth-street Methodist Church, because
of his attack on the Tuesday Literary
Club's grand ball to be given at Turner
Hall next Thursday night.
The Rev. Mr. Case declares he is un
shaken in bis opposition to the dance
on moral and ethical grounds, and that
at his church to-morrow night he will
elaborate his twenty-five reasons, why
the Tuesday Club should abandon the
society dance, which Governor Pardee
and wife have been invited to lead.
The Tuesday Club is the largest and
most influential literary organization
in Northern California. It includes in
its membersmp several hundred of the
representative women of Sacramento,
including al} the leaders of society. It
has undertaken to build for itself a
handsome home, and in furtherance of
this plan has arranged for a series of
social events. The nrst of these, given
a month ago, was a "poster party" at
the home of Mrs. William Beckman,
and it was a brilliant success. The sec
ond event is to be a full dress ball next
Thursday night.
While preparations for the dance
were at their height the Rev. Mr. Case,
pastor of the leading Methodist church
congregation in the city, appealed to
the women to abandon the project,
at the same time calling upon the Gov
ernor to decline to join hands with the
"devotees of the dance, whose upper
stratum includes the splendid Tuesday
Club of Sacramento, but whose lower
stratum is found in all the dives of our
cities."
To The Call correspondent to-night
Mrs. William Beckman, one of the lead
ing members' of the Tuesday Club and
the hostess at the "poster party." said
she had talked with many members of
the Tuesday Club, and they regarded
the Rey. Mr. Case's remarks as un
called for.
"I am sure," said Mrs. Beckman,
"that our dance will be on a much high
er and on a more moral plane than the
average church fair, where nothing is
thought of lotteries and grab-bags, and
sometimes, if I must say it, cheating. I
permitted nothing of the sort at my
'poster party.' There was one admission
fee and that was all. I permitted no
devices whatever to™xtort money. I do
not believe all church fairs can say as
much."
Mrs. Beckman said she had no desire
to enter into any controversy on the
subject, but she felt that the Tuesday
Club had been unjustly criticized.
It has developed that, notwithstand
ing the Indignation expressed against
the Rev. Mr. Case by members- of the
Tuesday Club, there is an undercurrent
of opposition to the dance on,' the pa»t
of not a few members of the- club. Mrs.
A. A. • Goddard, the president of the
club, said she personally had not ad
vised the feature, and she looked upon
the club as a great influence, with far
higher purposes than the giving of
balls, but as the event was proposed in
aid of the building fund she had not
opposed it.
FIRST CALIFORNIA'S BAND
MASTER. WHO WILL AS
SIST AT THE BENEFIT.
John P. Coghlan. as third assistant,
will succeed Hugo K. Asher, who has
held that position for two terms under
Mr. Lane. He has been practicing law
for five years past and in addition act
ing as court reporter for an evening
paper. In hi3 double capacity Mr.
Coghlan has acquired a wide knowledge
of the courts and their procedure, and
an experience that should be invaluable
in his new position.
Luther Eikins will replace Walter's.
Dorn as fourth assistant. He is a grad
uate of Albany College, Oregon, and
has been practicing law since 1895. He
was for one term Assistant District At
torney of Linn County, Oregon. In 1898
he removed to this city, where he has
since been engaged in the practice of
his profession.
John T. Nourse, who will be Judge
Long's fifth assistant, graduated from
Stanford University in the class of 1900.
He afterward did advanced work at the
university and . for some time was
treasurer of the student body. Some
two years ago he came to this city and
became associated with Major C. L. Til
den, with whom he has since been en
gaged ' in the practice of the law.
Though Mr. Nourse's appointment will
take effect at once he will not assume
his office for a few weeks, as Richard
Sims, whom he will succeed, is engaged
in the trial of several cases which
Judge Long wishes him to conclude be
fore giving away to Mr. Nourse.
William H. Smith Jr.. whom Judge
Long has named as clerk, is a young
lawyer of ability. He has been prac
ticing only a few years, but in that
time has been engaged in important
civil and probate > litigation. He will
succeed Harry R. White, who has been
in the office since the beginning of Mr/
Lane's term.
John Williams, who will take P. A.
Joy's place as messenger, is the only
appolnt'ee in the list not a lawyer. He
is new to politics and this is his first
experience in public office.
Percy V. Long, City Attorney-elect,
has named the men who will enter of
fice with him next Friday. They are
John S. Partridge, chief deputy; Wil
liam I. Brobeck, second assistant; John
P. Coghlan, third assistant; Luther El
kins, fourth assistant; John T. Nourse,
fifth assistant; William H. Smith Jr.,
clerk, and John Williams, messenger.
John S. Partridge is a graduate of the
University of California and a lawyer
of something like ten years' practice.
He has had wide experience in his pro
fession, particularly in probate and
municipal law. Among recent cases in
which he has had a prominent part
were the contest over the Cogswell es
tate and the settlement of the Baird
estate. Mr. Partridge was chairman of
the late Republican Municipal Conven
tion and of the Republican Judicial
Convention of last year. The position
which he will hold under Judge Long
is- now filled by George W. Lane, a
brother of Franklin K. Lane.
William I. • Brobeck, who will be re
tained by Judge Long, has been in the
City Attorney's office eleven years.
During that time he has handled some
of ; the most ' Important litigation in
;\fhich the city was interested. At pres
ent he has charge of the national bank
lax cases, pending in the United States
Supreme Court, and of the Bank of
California and the San Mateo railroad
assessment cases, now awaiting a hear
ing in the State Supreme Court.
HAS LARGE EXPERIENCE.
LONG NAMES DEPUTIES.
Golden ia 25 years of age and a grad
uate-of Hastings College of Law. He
was affiliated with the United Republi
can League at the last election. He has
been associated with J..M. Rothschild
in the practice of the law. Gallagher
is also a practicing attorney.
Governor Pardee yesterday appointed
Isidore Golden to be Justice of the
Peace to succeed Percy V.' Long, who
resigned to assume the office of City
Attorney, to which he was elected Ia3i
November. Long filed notice with the
Board of Supervisors and Mayor
Schmitz that he had filed his resigna
tion with the Secretary of State, and
the Mayor at once appointed Walter
Gallagher to the vacancy. His Honor
claims that he has the right of ap
pointment under article 4. chapter 1,
section 4 of the charter. The conflict of
authority in the matter will probably
have to be settled by the courts.\
Gdlden at once took the oath of of
fice before Notary Public Hess and filed
the attested document with the Regis
trar.
"Sir: . You are hereby officially not
ified t»f the foregoing order of suspen
sion, \ind that you have been and are
suspeided from the office of secretary
''Dated January 2, 1904."
the Mayor then issued the follow
ing notice, to Walsh as secretary of
the Board of Election Commissioners
and Registrar of Voters: .
"Whereas, Sjuch delivery to such un
authorized persons is against law and
establishes a precedent dangerous to
the safety and purity of our election
system; and
"Whereas. Said Thomas J. Walsh de
clares that he will at once leave the
State of California without applying to
the Mayor for permission so to do
(contrary to the provisions of the
charter) and that he will cause the
said ballots to be taken out of the
State without the authority or consent
of or consultation with the Board of
Election Commissioners of the city
and county of San Francisco; and
"Whereas, Further, the term of of
flpe of said Thomas J. Walsh as such
Registrar and secretary of the Board
of Election Commissioners will expire
on January 8, 1904. and said ballots,
if in the custody of said Walsh after
said date, will not be in the custody of
a public official, nor in official control,
but will be outside of the State of Cali
fornia, and outside of the jurisdiction
of the city and county of San Fran
cisco and of any of its officials; and.
"Whereas, Ample time would under
the subpena (issued by the Commit
tee on Elections No. 1 of the House
of Representatives and dated Decem
ber 24, 1903,) be allowed the successor
of said Thomas J. Walsh as Registrar
Voters and secretary of the Board of
Election Commissioners (to which
successor the subpena of said commit
tee of t.he House of Representatives is
also directed) to comply with its di
rections and to appear before the said
committee on the day fixed in said su
pena. to-wlt, January 14, 1904.
"Nov.-, Therefore, by virtue of the
power vested in me by the charter of
the city and county of San Francisco,,
and for the causes and reasons above
set forth, I do hereby suspend the said
Thomas J. Walsh from the office of
secretary of the Board of Election
Commissioners and Registrar of Voters
of the city and county of San Fran
tisco pending further investigation
into the- mutters hereinbefore re
ftrred to. E. E. SCHMITZ,
"Mayor of the City and County of San
', Francisco.
"Whereas, The said Thomas J.
Walsh has taken said ballots from the
official vault in which they have been
kept and placed them in trunks or
wooden boxes, and has attempted and
is about to deliver the same to such
unauthorized persons; and
DELIVERY* IS ILLEGAIj.
"I do," replied the Mayor, who there
upon issued the following order sus
pending Walsh: /
"Whereas, Thomas J. Walsh, Regis
trar of Voters of the city and county
of San Francisco and secretary of the
Board of Election Commissioners of
( said city and county, declares his In
tention, and has made preparation to
deliver the ballots cast in the Fourth
Congressional District of the State of
California at the election held Novem
ber 4, 1902, to a person or persons not
officials of the city and county of San
Francisco, and not legally, or at all,
entitled to the custody thereof; and
"Do you"* mean to say that in the
presence of these witnesses?" said
Walsh.
"Well." said Walsh, " "I don't know
about that. In fact, I da not think it
Is necessary, as the box in which they
will be sent will be pealed by me. I will
go on any train I please." "
"Then you propose to leave the State
¦without first obtaining permission from
your superiors in office?" asked the
Mayor.
"Well, I do not think that is neces
sary." replied Walsh.
'Well, I give you notice," said the
Mayor, "that I suspend you from your
office." */?
In answer to the Mayor's question,
Walsh replied that he intended leaving
for Washington on Sunday.
"Have you applied to the Election
Commissioners for a leave of absence
to go beyond the limits of the State?"
asked the Mayor.
"No." said Walsh. "The citation from
Washington is the only order upon
which I. am acting."
"Will you be upon the same train
upon which the ballots are sent?" in
quired the Mayor.
"Mr. Walsh's term of office will ex
pire on January S, and should he go to
Washington to be present at the Con
gressional investigation on January 14
he will no longer be Registrar and the
ballots will be in the possession of one
not legally empowered to be their cus
todian."
The Mayor explained that Walsh had
announced his determination to proceed
to Washington on a citation issued by
the United States Government, saying:
WALSH'S TER3I EXPIRES.
The Mayor had issued a call for 11
o'clock for a conference in his office of
the Election Commissioners and mother
interested parties, with the expressed
intention of arriving at some amicable
adjustment of the difficulty. Attorney
Dibble was also present at the confer
ence to look out for ex-Congressman
Kahn's interests.
Mayor Schmitz yesterday morning
suspended Registrar of Voters Thomas,
J. Walsh as the result of the contro
versy over Walsh's announced intention
to accompany the ballots of the Fourth
Congressional District, which have
been ordered to Washington, D. C., in
the Congressional contest of Kahn ver
sus Livernash. Within four hours after
ward the Mayor revoked his order sus
pending Walsh, who immediately filed
his resignation as Registrar with the
Board of Election Commissioners, to
take effect at 12 o'clock to-morrow.
George P. Adams was at once appoint
ed Registrar of Voters by the Election
Commission to succeed Walsh, who was
then appointed a special deputy regis
trar to serve until he returns from
Washington with the ballots, which
have been entrusted to his care.
Will Accompany Ballots Sent
for in Congressional Contest
of Kahn Versus Livernash
City Attorney-»Elect Announces
Men Who Will Assist Him
in the Discharge of Duties
TWO MEN FOR ONE OFFICE
¦WALSH GOING TO CAPITAL
He Then Revokes Suspension
of Official, Who Resigns, to Be
Succeeded by George Adams
Governor Pardee and Mayor
: Schmitz Each Name Succes
sor to Long as Justice of Peace
Comments of the Rev. W.W. Case on the Proposed Dance of the
Tuesday Literary Club Are yigorously Resented by Prominen
Women at the Capital,: but Maintains He Is Righ
CONFLICT OVER
APPOINTMENT
MAYOR OUSTS
THE REGISTRAR
CLERGYMAN'S CRITICISM STIRS
SOCIETY'S IRE AT SACREMENTO
RAILROAD
PRESIDENT
TO RETIRE
Pages 33 to44
SAN FRANCISCO, -\ SUNDAY, JANUARY . 3, 1904.
WILL BE
HEARD AT
BENEFIT
gMp to 44
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
BY MRS. C..-N. WILLIAMSON.
THE FREAK AMERICAN
GIRL IX ENGLAND
SEE THE PICTURES"Certainly not," responded ¦ the con
trary boarder, buttering another bis
cuit. "What would you think of a fish
that insisted on trying to learn to walk
, "But don't you think," said the
boarder with the sunburnt nose, in as
tonishment,' "everybody ought to learn
to swim?" '
OAKLAND, Jan. 2.— The contest
between Jack Cordell and "Iron Man"
Seiger. who were scheduled to meet
in a flf teen-round bout before the Re
liance Club on January. 19, has been
declared on! and Matchmaker Maho
ney, is now trying to match Cordell
and Louie Long. Should he succeed,
admirers of the boxing game will' see
one. of the best bouts ever pulled off
on this side of the bay.
Cordell-Seiger Match Is Off,
"What's his business?"
...¦•'Well, -as near as I can make out he
is matrimonial agent for his two
daughters." — Chicago Post.
"So you want to become my son-in
law, do you?" queried the stern parent.
"Yes, sir," replied the modest youth.
"That is, if you can afford it."—Chi
cago Daily News. ,
A. Foreman and J. C. Moffatt beat
Dr. Gunn and W.. R. Eaton 21 to 16;
J. P. Taylor and J. T. Dare beat M.
L. Crowe and W. H. Stewart 21 to IS;
J. McLachlan and Joseph Gray beat
Y. C. Lawson and A. McNair 2Lito 20;
T. Millar beat H. L. Tickner 21 to 11;
Dr. Hamilton and J. W. Elder beat
Robert Park and J. M. Earsman 21 to
19; J. M. Duncan and G. C. Patterson
beat H. L. Tickner and D. Datziel 21
to 17; D. Dalziel and D. O'Brien beat
J. ! M. Duncan and G. C. Patterson
17 to 15. ; . .
The bowling green at Golden Gate
Park was too wet to permit of any
tournament play yesterday, but many
players were on hajid and indulged
in some lively practice games. The
bowls were wet and slippery and con
sequently hard to handle."
By far the closest and most excit
ing match was that between J. Mc-
Lachlan and Joseph Gray and Y. C.
Lawson and A. McNair. The former
won, but only by one point, the score
being 21 to 20.
Some of the other matches played
resulted as follows:
Close and Exciting Matches in the
Ancient Scottish Game Witnessed
by Many Spectators.
BOWLERS PLAY WELL
OX THE PARK GREEN
In view of his retirement from active
service at Fort Leavenworth, Squadron
Sergeant Major Thomas O'Keefe,
Fourth Cavalry, was recently the
recipient from the members of his
old troop, G. Fourth Cavalry, of
a gold watch as a token of their re
gard. The presentation was made by
Captain L. M. Ko?hler, Fourth Cav
alry, who commands the troop, in the
presence of the entir,. membership. Ser
geant O'Kt-tfe has had tw«nty-nin»
years or nctual service in the army"
He has been honorably discharged six
different times, and each discharge was
as a sergeant. He served ten years in
the First Cavalry, ten years In the Sec
ond Cavalry and nine years in * the
Fourth, all in G Troop.. He has the
honor of having carried a dispatch in
1878 from Camp Harney, Or., to General
Howard at Baker City. The distance
is seventy-five miles and the ride was
made in twelve hours without change
of mount. The purpose was to save
Camp Harney from an assault by the
Plute Indians and the ride carried out
the object. Sergeant O'Keefe partici
pated in the Modoc campaign in 1873
and also in the war against the Ban
nock Indians in 1878. Upon his retire
ment from service the sergeant will
leave for Spokane, Wash., where he in
tends making his future home. He has
considerable property at that point. The
sergeant is of the old school of soldiers,
and no more faithful man could be
found In the army. — Kansas City Jour
nal. ¦ -ii J\ ;v
One Soldier's Record.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OP THE PACIFIC COAST
Authorities at Washington Make Many
Postal . Chances hi California,
Oregon and Washington.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2. — Postmas
ters commissioned: California — Mary
S. Rutherford, Truckee. Oregon — W.
Weatherspoon, Pleasant Valley.
Fourth-class postmasters appointed:
— California — Mabel L. Miller, Long
ville, Plumas County, vice A. Miller,
dead. Oregon — William Hartile. Mel
ville, Clatsop County, vice Welthea S.
Ingalls, resigned; Edward C. Kenney,
Monument, Grant County, vice James
M. Stubblefleld, removed.
Navy order — Lieutenant H. B. Price,
to Pensacola naval training station,
San Francisco.
Women Highest in Studies.
LOrDOX. Jan. 2. — Xinety-four
names of women and twenty-four of
men make up this year's London Uni
versity B. A. list. Of thirty-four places
in honors nineteen fall to women, and
they also claim thirty- five of forty
seven entries in the first division. Of
eight honor candidates allowed to pass
five were women.
City Lighted From Balloon.
PARIS. Jan. 2. — M. Bartholdi has
an original scheme for lighting Mont
martre. His idea Is to erect his tall
monument in memory of the balloonists
of the siege of Paris either on the
Place Pigalle or the Square St. Pierre
and surmount the column by a large
mica balloon containing electric
lamps.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2.— The President . haa
received a personal cablegram from Russia ex
tending felicitous New Year's greetings. Xt Is
probable that the President's response -will be
made on the Russian New Tear.
Umpire — George Clarke of Stanford Univer
sity: referee, C. M. Fickert of Stanford. There
will be two twenty-five minute halves.
A lively football game is expected this
.afternoon at the Presidio Athletic
Grounds at 2:30 o'clock, when the
Brooklyn Club and the Spanish players
of La Union Club meet. The game is
held under the auspices of the Amateur
Athletic League of San Francisco and
the loser will be dropped from the
league. The teams have met twice, the
first game having been won by .the
Spanish players and the second contest
being a tie. The winner of this match
will meet the Presidios on the 10th, and
on the 17th the winner of this will meet
Company M for the championship of
the league. The winner will receive a
handsome cup. The Brooklyns and La
Unions are evenly matched in weight.
The line-up of the two teams follows:
I^a Union Club. Positions. Brooklyn Club.
Sam Harper.." R.E.I^. Lehman
W. C.Harper R.T.L Beckeart
L. C. Smith R.G.L Herllhy
L. J. Canallzo Center Sam Riga
George Thompson. . L.G.R J. Sullivan
A. C. Veen L.T.U Jeffries
"Chic" O'Connor... L.E.R Hillard
Tom O'Neill Q.B John Regan
Collln Dennis L.H.R Stewart
E. Weber K.H.L Ziska
Swayne Fullback Otto Wallfish
Tie Game Between La Unions "and
Brooklj-ns To Be De
cided To-Day.
Audolxm Handicap for Little Scout.
NETV ORLEANS, Jan. 2. — Results:
First race, selling, one mile — Choice won,
Hottentot second. Bengal third. Time, 1:45 3-5.
Seccrd race, eix furlongs— Clangor won. St.
Merry Legs second, gecond Sight third. Time,
1:16.
Third race five furlongs — Parisienne wen,
Josette second. Our Nugget third. Time,
1:02 3-5.
Fourth race, the Audobon handicap, one and
a. «ixte«jth miles — Little Scout won, Lura
•IlFhtrr second. Witful third. Time. 1 :50 3-5.
Fifth racp. selling, one mile — Oclawaho won,
Calcutta second. Blue Blazes third. Time,
1 :4U 2-5.
Sixth race, selling, one and three-eighths
nlles^ — Larry Wilt »on. Free Admission sec
ond. Henry of Franstamar third. Time,
2:20 2-5.
LONDON. Jan. 2.— The Anglo-Italian arbi
tration treaty, which is on practically the
tame lines as the Anglo-French treaty, is ex
pected to be signed next week.
QCEBEC, Jan. 2. — The destruction by fire
to-day of Mnrin's wholesale drug house and
UcCall, Sbe^hyn & Co.'s vrholesaJe dry goods
bouse caused a loss of $250,000.
Racing will reopen at Oakland to
morrow, continuing through the
month of January.
H. Green, who was suspended in
connection with P. Donaleche over the
Sad Sam-Money Muss case, was rein
stated yesterday.
Jake Holtman revoked the ten-day
suspension existing against Hilde
brand yesterday and the lightweight
will be seen in the saddls to-morrow
The stewards decided yesterday
that the contract held by Dave Cox
on the services of Jockey Bell was
valid. Cox will receive a money con
sideration for his contract and Bell
will sign to ride for the stable of
Burns & Waterhouse to-morrow
Twenty-six books cut in yesterday.
By his victory on Kenilworth Tom
my Burns wins the handsome gold
mounted whip offered as a prize to the
jockey winning the most mounts dur
ing the meeting just finished at In
gleside. by Ed Evatt. Burns
landed fifteen winners, with Hilde
brand and Bell tied for second place
each with fourteen. Had he not been
set down by Starter Holtman, Hilde
brand would have carried off the tro
phy.
XOTES OF THE TRACK.
the running and, in a driving finish,
downed Position a neck. Prestolius was
third.
The mile selling selection was far
from being a true run race. Constel
lator looked like oil from the can and
nearly all the big fellows unloaded at
7 to 10. Tommy Burns hustled the
Keating horse along too much early in
the game, and found his mount shy
of speed the last eighth. Bell rode a
perfect race on Pat Morrissey, winning
well in hand from El Oriente, another
outsider.
Possibly on paper Mountebank looked
best of the eight starters in the seven
furlong event, fifth to be decided, but
under the pood handling Burns gave
him, the gelding finished third. Bell
again rode a splendidly Judged race on
Oro Viva, a 6% to 1 choice, catching
and . beating out the pacemaker, Aunt
Polly, a length.
Position, the mount of Burns In the
concluding mile and a furlong run,
opened up a 7 to 5 favorite. A strong
tip permeated paddock and ring cir
cles on Axmineter, with a result that
the Randall entry closed favorite, and
the price about Position went to 2%.
Jack Martin on Axminster made all
Bob Smith sent a watermelon spe
cial over the wire in the Futurity
course sprint for brand new three
year-olds. Bob sent Creole Jim to the
post for the second time, and from 15
the odds were gradually rubbed to 5
and 6. Those not in on the shucking bee
were divided as to the relative merits
of the favorite Ananias and the second
choice Et Tu Brute. Tommy Burns
lost little time in getting to the frtont
with Ananias,- but the Schorr colt found
115 pounds too bulky to handle and
Et Tu Brute passed him in the stretch.
The latter grew leg weary as the wire
loomed up, and as Larsen drew his
whip, Creole Jim nabbed the leader in
time to receive a nose decision. The
favorite was 1 third.
CONSTELLATOR DISAPPOINTS.
Like a voice from the tomb, old Pat
Morrissey took the third number at
odds of 20 to 1. A pleasant feature was
the riding: of Charley Bell, the new
Burns & Waterhouse stable rider, who.
besides piloting Pat Morrissey, finished
first on two other winners. Bell has
a good pair of hands, uses excellent
judgment and will soon be classed
among the top notchers.
In the first event, a cheap seven
furlong selling run, Billy Randall tried
blinkers on Illilouon, with marked suc
cess. The gelding was held a \\k to 1
chance, and Bell landed him an easy
winner over Pure Dale and Merwan.
Because of having Tommy Burns on
his back. Capable held the honors of
favoritism, but quite evidently belongs
to the false alarm species.
There was another large attendance
at Ingleside track yesterday, although
the crowd looked small when compared
with the vast holiday throng of the
preceding day.
The card was an ordinary one, with
a six-furlong handicap as the feature
event. Harry Stover's pet bird Kenil
worth, with 124 pounds and Tommy
Burns up, went to the post favorite at
5 to 2, after opening an 8 to 5 choice.
The brown horse was in grand fettle
and simply ran big rings around his
field, winning under restraint from
Martinmas in 1:13W.. Dolly Hayman
did not have clear sailing until the last
eighth of a mile, and then disposed of
Misty's Pride for show honors. Arabo
resigned from the service after a short
spell on the firing line.
A review of the racing will illustrate
the fact that the favorites showed to
poor advantage, Kenilworth and Ax
minster being the only coin gatherers.
PAT MORRISSEY REVIVES.
RIVAL FOOTBALL TEAMS
TO MEET AT PRESIDIO
Golden Light beat Gramercy. 13-4; Barefoot
Boy beat Itich Argosy, 8-5; Bob R beat Lona
Mountain. 16-0; Jerry Wright beat Gold Lily,
6-3; Toronto beat Mal«l of Gowrle. 6-4.; Frisky
Barbara beat Flora Belle. »-3; Monbells b«at
Kncore, 13-3; Fannie Hughie beat Yankee
Boy, 5-1; Jimmy Anthony teat Prcgresso. 4-3:
Texas Jim beat Partaway. 7-3: Maid of Mercy
beat Yukon. 13-8: Little Mercy beat Slsktyou.
8-5; Lost Girl beat Marguerite. 0-«; Our Min
nie beat Van Nora. 13-5; Lady Menlo beat
Black Flush. 5-1; Donnybrook beat Irish Lad.
17-5; Oulda beat My Nell, 6-1; Battleship beat
Barater, tl-0; Doris beat Belfast. 12-«; Con
cord Boy beat Idleness. 0-tt; Ploughman beat
Miss Green, 9-5: Idaho Boy beat Firm Fellow.
1M-8: Royal Friend beat Mirage. 28-11; Bonnte
Hughie beat Our Motto, "-0: Glaucus beat
Grace Greenwood, 25-U; Conroy beat Anona.
; Lord Granard beat Hesper. 12-5: Sofala
beat Topsy Turry. tt-o; Queen's Motto beat
Bohe. 24-3; Meddlesome beat . Foxy Qulller.
20-8: Miss Wilson beat Wild Nora, 11-4; Texas
Betty beat Lily York. 3-2; Lulu Girl beat Or
dinance. 13-6; White Stockings beat Rushaway.
17-3: Irvtngton Tralee beat Pathfinder, 7-3; In
truder beat Manni, C-0; Golden Rule Vat
Finoola, 14-7; Van Alba beat Medley. lS>-7;
General Dewet a bye. Balendine withdrawn:
Bella Lloyd beat Lord Granard. 7-2; Doc
Burns beat Lady Plnta. 7-1; Pure Peart beat
r«u>y Chiquita. 22-3; Joe Pasha b«at Real
Duchess, 7-4: Young Fearless beat Royal
Sport, 3-0; Una beat Hurry on, 3-2; Corr.iqua
beat Haughty Helen. 8-5: J. ex H. beat Uttla
Lucy. 10-5; Prometheus beat Frisky Boy, 8-4.
More than half of the trials yesterday
extended over one minute, while a num
ber lasted two minutes. Of the grey
hounds which remain In Glaucua, Con
roy, Sofala, Texas Betty and Doc Burns
look to have the best chance. The re
sults of yesterday's running with Judge
Thomas Tierney's official scores follow:
The fortunes of coursies will have
a strong bearing on the outcome^of
the open stake to-day at Ingleside
Park. It Is a lottery as to whether the
hares will be strong or weak. If a
greyhound has the speed necessary, to
make his trials short he stands a chance
of working his way down to where the
prizes are worth while. If. however,
he starts in pursuit of a filer his
chances for the stake are settled then
and there.
The annual meeting of the San Fran
cisco Golf Club was held yesterday aft-:
ernoon in the clubhouse adjacent to
the United States military reservation.
The reports of the officers showed that
the club is in a satisfactory financial
condition. ' '
The regular ticket as selected by H.
A. Blackman, R. I. Bentley and Dr. J.
R. Clark, the nominating committee,
was elected. The following will form
the council for the coming year: Cap
tain J. S. Oyster, H. M. Hoyt. Dr. J.
R. Clark,, R. J. Woods and F. H. Beav
er. 'At the first meeting of the council
a president and secretary-treasurer will
be chosen and tournament and green
committees appointed. It was decided
to increase the membership vt men
from 125 to 135. Walter E. Dean and
Horace D. Pillsbury were elected hon
orary life members.
The final round of the handicap
match play competition which was be
gun on Christmas day has been reach
ed. In the semi-final round A. S. Lilley
beat Reginald White 3 up 2 to play
and Dr. T. G. McConkey defeated R.
J. Woods 3 up 2 to play. The final
round will be between A. S. Lilley and
Dr. T. G. McConkey and will probably
be played on Tuesday.
First round, upper half — McFarland broth
ers (a bye). Lower half — Finch and Mann
(4-C) v». Burnett and Ixrvesrove (15 4-6).
Preliminary round — Gaynesa and Lytton
(5-B) vs. T. Allen and Miller (15 2-6); Catton
and Heilborn (15 4-6) vs. Burrough and Saul
(30): Brabant and Palmer (3-6) vb. Howell
brothers (15 2-C); Martin and Wollenberg (30)
vs. F. Adams and Brady (15): Ambrose and
Code (4-0) vs. Lonz brothers' (15 1-6): Guerln
and Hall (15) vs. Hotchkiss brothers ¦ (3-8) :
Ryan and Sk&Rgs (15 2-6) vs. Foley and Grif
fin (scratch): McLane and Wolf son (15 4-6)
vs. G. Hall and Price (15 2-6); Allen and Mac-
Gavin (owe 15 Q-V) vb. Bates and Flnnegar.
(5-6); Baker and Baker (owe 2-6) vs. Drol
las and Gabriel (15): Baker and Lewis (15 1-C)
vs. Edwards and Joseph (15 4-0); Dunlap and
Gardner (scratch) vs. Quick and Skinner (30);
Janes and Russell (scratch) vs. Otis and Gott
(15).
After a rest of several weeks the
players of the Golden Gate Tennis Club
will again indulge In tournament play.
There will be a handicap doubles event
on the park courts to-day. The Baker
brothers are the holders of • the cups
and will be the most heavily handi
capped team. Other teams that have
won them are R.Whitney and J. Brady.
W. Allen and G. M. Smith. H. Routh
and C. Dunlap, Clinch and McKay and
the Hotchkiss brothers. .
The drawing resulted as follows:
The finals of the handicap doubles
tennis tournament, commenced on
Christmas day, were played yesterday
afternoon on the California Club
courts. The opposing teams were Will
Allen and Dr. H. P. Hill and Herbert
Schmidt and Harry Rolfe. "With odds
of "owe 3-6" the latter team won a
rather tame and uninteresting match.
Both teams played a defensive game.
Rolfe and Schmidt won the first two
sets handily, and should have taken the
third easily. With a lead of 5— 2 they
let up somewhat and became careless.
Allen and Hill took advantage of the
respite and the score soon read 5 — 5.
After this the youngsters found it dif
ficult to get back to their game and
just pulled out, 10— S.
A victroy for Allen and Hill would
have given them a lead for the cups.
They won the first tournament, the
Smith brothers the second and Rolfe
and Schmidt the third. Hereafter Rolfe
and Schmidt will play on the same
mark as Allen and Hill. The score was
6—3, C— 4, 10— 8.
The New Year's tourney will be com
pleted at the club courts to-day. The
feature will be the finals of the second
class. The contestants will be Herbert
Schmidt and Sidney Salisbury. Schmidt
has been considered a "coming man"
for so many years that many have de
spaired of his ever becoming an expert.
However, the game he put up on Fri
'day and yesterday shows he is of
championship caliber. If he plays up to
form he should beat Salisbury, despite
the fact the latter played a great game
on Friday. It will undoubtedly be a
close and exciting match.
The third class match should prove
equally as good. Alex Beyfuss and
Herbert Long fought it out several
times while at Lowell High School.
Beyfuss always beat his opponent, but
the latter has put in more time prac
ticing and has improved rapidly. Bey
fuss is a strong finisher. This match
will be played at 1 p. m.
The fourth class will be completed in
the morning. In the upper half Doug
lass Grant and Will Volkmann will
meet in the semi-finals. In the lower
half Alden AmeS will play the winner
of the Dr. Lovegrove-Glenn Cogwill
match.
Members of the San Francis
co Club Choose the Regu
lar Ticket by Unanimous Vote
Coursers Need Stamina and
Speed in Order to Overcome
the Little San Joaquin Fliers
Herbert Schmidt and Harry
Rolfe Defeat Will Allen and
Dr. Hill for First Place
FLYING HARES
TEST HOUNDS
GOLFERS HOLD
AN ELECTION
TENNIS FINALS
UNINTERESTING
First rac» Plauson course, selling— Redan.
ii- TuodfVrn) 1 to 2, von: Red Damsel. 101
E S to 1 ' %£on<S: Sir Christopher 102
luuxtcn) 10 to 1. thlnl. Time. 1:1.!. Fla-
BeroNcnaB, Thisbe and Double O also ran.
Second race, one and a quarter miles, hurdle
ha^dirap-Poorlands. 150 (McMahcn) 4 to 1,
££: L»£b*r Jim. 140 (Dowll), 12 to 1. second;
Nitrate. H5 (SctdSKm. o to 1. third. Time,
•'•20 Ceylon. Oharawlnd. Tommy Hill. Martin
Brady and Maior Hooker also ran.
Third race, five furlongs, purse— Dargin. 105
ilifAierr). 4 to 5. won; Fcncasta 100 1 1. Spen
cer) 6 to 1, Fecond; Alma Dufour. 105 <W.
Adam*.. 7 to 2. third. Time. l:«i. Carni
val Strife. Oollecn liawn, Felipe Lugo and
Golden Boy also ran.
Fourth race, one and 2 quarter miles, selling
—Chub. 1(17 «J- Lewis). 7 to 10. won; Discus,
KM iJohnFon). HX» to 1. second: Erne. 100 (\\ .
Knapr<» i to 2. third. Time. 2:10. Henry
Clay Hye and Klo Shannon also ran.
Fifth race or.e mile, handicap — Warte Mcnt,
102 <J. Booker). 4 to 1, won; Princess Tulane.
•!5 (\V Knapp). 3 to 2. second: Ocean Dream.
1(H (Philips). IS to 6. third. Time, 1:41. Or
alna Dr. Shorb ani Callar.t also ran.
Sixth ra<-<\ seven furlongs, selling — Farmer
.lira 107 <Feiclit). j to 2. won; Toto Grz.t!ot,
112 (Carson). S to 1. second: Evander. 112 <P.
Phillips). 'J to 2. third. Time, 1:31. Ira?. Mc-
Ana. Legal Maxim. Egg Nog, Ladaean, Profit
able, Geisha Girl. Scaforth. Lady Rice, Hub
Prather and Flourish also ran.
SUMMARY.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 2.— A hurdle
handicap at a mile and a auarter was
the feature of the card to-day at Ascot
Park. A fair crowd furnished business
for twelve books in the ring. The pub
lic came off second best in the finan
cial transactions, notwithstanding the
success of four favorites. Two of -them
were short priced and the bettors back
ed anything to beat the favorite.
Ed Corrigan's Redan breezed home
in front of a large fteld in the first race,
winning from Red. Damsel by three
lengths, with Sir Christopher third.
The hurdle . handicap furnished an in
teresting race to the spectators, al
though it was easy for Poorlands. Cor
rlgan's big Jumper Charawind was
made favorite at 2 to 1. Ceylcm at 2%
to 1 and Poorlands backed from 6 to 1
to 2 to 1. Charawind was weighted
down with 172 pounds and was never
prominent 1n~the - running. Poorlands
went to the front and led all the way.
Limber Jim was a good second. Nitrate
third.
Schreiber's Dargin had a soft spot in
the third, winning as he pleased from
Foncasta. with Alma Dufour third.
Felipe Lugo and Golden Boy were left
at the post. The former was well back
ed to beat the favorite.
The mile and a quarter race brought
out a field of five. Chub ruling favorite
at 3 to 5. Erne and Henry Clay Rye
were fancied in the order named. Chub
came through in the stretch and won
by several lengths. Discus, a 100 to 1
chance, taking the place from Erne.
Warte Nicht stepped the fastest mile
that has been made on the new track,
winning the fifth race from Princess
Tulane by two lengths in 1:41. Ocean
Dream beat Orsina for the show. Tu
lane was favorite, while Warte Nicht
receded from J to 1 to 4 to 1 in the
books. "' . . ,, „,
The last race brought out a field of
fourteen. Farmer Jim ruling favorite
at *\k to 1 He proved to be the best
of th« lot ard won easily. Toto Gra
tiot second, Lady Rice third. W eather
perfect; track good.
Steps the Distance in 1:41
Over the New Course at
Ascot Park, Winning Easily
SVAHTE MCHT'S FAST MILE
Corrigairs Gharawind, the Fav
orite, Carrying a Heavy Im
post Is Xever Prominent
The Thistles are now at the head of
the table of games for the champion
ship of the California Association Foot
ball League, having played six matches
and won them all, giving a total of 12
points. For second place the Vam
pires and Independents are tied with
11 points each; the Oakland Hornets
ha\'e 5 points and the Albion Rovers
and Pickwicks 3 apiece. The standing
of the clubs is shown in the table:
" ¦~™' Z w 5 c o ITji
¦ TEAMS.' I : f lipf- 1:1
1 ThJstleB 6 0 ij 0 2« 1 12~
Vampires'.... 7 5 .1 1 22 3 11
Independents ...... 7 5 1- 1 22 6 11
Oakland Hornets. C, 2 3,j 1 8 14 6
Albion Rovers.... rt|l|4ll|5 11 I 3
Occidentals 7 | 0 | 4 | 3 | 8 SO | 3
Pickwicks | 7|1|5|1| 0|35| 3
Including the matches jJayed last
Sunday, exactly 100 goals have been
made during the present season.
The first tie, for the California As
sociation Football Union cup will.be
played off to-day between the Thistle
and Pickwick teams on the Presidio
Athletic ground. The referee will be
chosen on the ground and the kick-off
will take place at 11 o'clock in the
morning. The opposing teams will lme
up in the following positions:
Thistles. Positions. Pickwicks.
Lowe Goalkeeper Rushton
Tieraey Left Hack Boutnn
Korreat (capt.) Right Back Todd
McGregor Left Halfback Bowcock
Taylor Center Halfback James
Duncan Right Halfback Furber
R. Disher ....: Outside Left Murdock
F. Disher Inside Left ..*. Sheddon
T. S. Lydon... Center Forward Cowan
A. Disher Inside Right Watters
J. Smith Outside Right Robertson
On the ground at Idora Park, Oak
land, the Albion Rovers will play a
match against, the Oakland Hornets,
the ball being kicked off at 2:30 p. m.
The Albion Rovers will line up in the
following order: Hosford, goalkeeper;
John, left back; Bayne, right back;
Jones, left half back; Mattheson, cen
ter half back; Lancaster, right half
back; Churchill, outside left; Du
quesne, inside left; E. Orton, center
forward; (Jillchrist. inside right; Gou
let, outside right.
The Oakland Hornets will be repre
sented by C. C. Y. Williamson, goal
keeper; Connolly, left back; Burden,
right back; Bird, left half back;
Chambers, center half back; Smith,
righ half back; Alexander, outside
left: Colchester, inside left; Shand,
center forward; McKenzie, inside
right; Ewbank, c-t<=ide right. This
game is expected to be exceedingly
close and interesting, as the teams are
well matched and play keenly.
New players are still being received
into the California Association Football
League. There are now 210 registered
players. During the week ending De
cember 31, 1903, D. W. Alexander. Her
bert E. Burton, John Hamilton and W.
H. N. Deane registered with the Oak
land Hornets; John T: Taylor, "W. Jones
and W. J. Hosford, M. D., with the
Albion Rovers and M. Gracie (trans
ferred from the Pickwicks) with the
Occidentals.
JUMPING RACE
FOR POORLANDS
At Idora Park Albions Will
Tackle the Wearers of the
Black and Orange Jersey
KOVEJRS VERSUS HORNETS
Pickwicks -Will Play Against
Thistles This Morning at
Presidio Athletic Grounds
FOOTBALL MEN
IN TWO GAMES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", SUNDAY, JANUARY 3, 1904.
Four Choices Meet With Reverses the Closing Day at Ingleside.
Bell Riding in Excellent Form, Pilots Three Winners — Still
in the Running Pat Morrissey Finishes First at 20 to I
KENILWORTH IN RARE FORM,
EASILY DEFEATS MARTINMAS
SAN - FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
XZret&ESXBS BACSTBACX — SATURDAY, Jan. 2. — Weather fine. Track fast.
CGOO. FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to-flrst, $325.
Index I Horse and Owner. , WtlSt. Vi . %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. . Cl.
C582 lIHIlouon. 6 <W. D. Randall).. 10-41 7 ... 4 % 3 1 4U12 Bell ..„.. 4 9*2
rr2$ £ ure DaJe - 4 <Thomas & Co.) »4| 2 ... 2 h 2 h 2 % 2 h Larsen .... 6 0
fw4!» Merwan. 4 (J. J. McAlester).. loll 1 ... 3 % 4 n 5^35 J. Martin.. 3 5
CMS Rio Chlco. a (Harris & Co.).. 105 4 ... 12 1 1%1 1 4 n C. Kelly... 20 30
no.i8 Adirondack. 4 (Shannon) ....101 8 ... On 6 % 3 5 McGrath . . 20 25
6508 Boutonnlere. 4 (F. Jones) 101 9 ... 9 6 8 10 8 3 « 2V> Kunz 15 20
554G Wistaria. 3 (Mrs. Schorr) 87 3 ... 7 2^7 Vi 7 % 7 %' Reed 5 7
545H Dona tor. a (C. Mulholland).. 101 6 ... 8n 92 91 8n Haack 12 20
5594 Capable. 4 (Moshler & Co.).. 105 5 ... 6h Bn On 9 2%T Burns... 2 11-5
5^82. Uey Hooker, a (T. J. Smith). 104 10 ... 10 4 10 6 11 1010 3 [W. Dugan.. 100 10O
... Star Nova. 4 (Carlisle & Co.) 107 12 ... 11 5 11 5 10 2 11 2%|Reeder .... "60" CO
SS70 No Friend. 4 (H. Stover) 10111 ... 12 12 12 12 (Lowe 30 60
Time— :24V<. :I9H. 1:16. 1:28. At post 1 minute. Off at 2:05. Illilouon place, 8-5; show.
4-5. Dale, place/ 7-2; show. 8-5. Merwan. show 4-5. Winner ch g. by Tiger-
Gypsrtte. Trained by W. D. Randall. Start bad. Won handily. Second and third
driving. Winner ran Jn blinkers to-day and did not sulk. Pure Dale stretched It out.
Rio Chico is soon due. Wistaria weakly handled. Capable a morning glory.
COOT. SECOND RACE — Futurity course; selling; 3-year-olds? value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. %. %. %. str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
5371 Creole Jim (R. A. Smith) 102 5 ... 3 2 3 1U2 3 1 ns Larsen .... 10 6
6559 Et Tu Brute (J. J. Moran)..104 1 ... 2 1^2 2 1 iy>2 2 J. Martin.. 11-5 3
5478 Ananias (J. F. Schorr) 115 2 ... 1 % 1 V,~3 2y. Burns 2 2
5575 Ebony (Hamilton Stable) 115 3 ... 4 1^44 4 4 6 4 8 " J. Daly .. 3 9-2
B583 Kleinwood (Moshier & Co.).. 107 7 ... 7 7 53 55 Bell 7 10
f.K.fi Kentleh Shrew (Lamasney) . . . 97 4 ... 5n 6 2H6 Iti8 3 Watson ... 12 30
5523 ISelma (Hill & Co>) 102 0 ... 6 % 6 h- 7 ¦ 7 H. Smith... 40 100
Time— :24%, :4P. 1:10*4. At post 1 minute. Off at 2:32. Jim. place 2; show 1. Brute,
place. 1; show. 2-5. Ananias, show. 1-3. Winner 'ch. c by Rapallo- Gertrude. Trained
. by R. A. Smith. Scratched— Planet. Jack Little. Ethel Abbott, Whoa Bill. Start good.
Won firct thre« driving. Et Tu Brute tired some and Larsen on winner drew his
Ebony ran a fair race.
56O8. THIRD RACE— One mlla; selling; 4-year-olds akd up; value to first. $325.
Indcxl . Horse and Owner. . .IWtlSt. %T %. Str . .Fin. Jockey. Op! 517
6598 Pat Morrlasey, a (Wellman). I1O3I 3 3 2 3 2%3 2^1 % 1 IV. Bell 12~~~20
5373 El Oriente. 6 (W. J^ Spiers). 106| 5 6 % 6 % 4 12 1 2 2 C Kelly 6 10
K550 Constellator. a (Keating) 106 4 2 1141 h 1 n 3 2 3 h Burns 7-10 7-10
5573 Lunar, a (W. McLemore) ..103 8 8 8 8 6 n 4 n J. Martin.. -4 6
r£H LI 0 * 0 - 5 <S - Rafour > 081 7 7 2Vi« ««2 4 Vi 5 4 Lareen .... 6 0
5M0 Plan, a (Strobel & Co) M\\ 1 4n 4h 5n 73 6b Kunz ...... 10 15
55S4 Lou Clieveden, a (McDowell). 1041 2 1^22 2 1Vj6 2 7 2*A Haack • 30 50
55S2 iThe Stewardesa. 5 (Winter).. 94| 0 5 2 7 3 7 V, 8 8 Roach .'.'.'. 12 12
Time— :25Vi, :49%i. 1:15%. 1:42. At post 4 minutes. Oft at 3:01. Morrlssey. place. 8;
show. 3. Oriente. place. 3; show. 7-5. 'Constellator, show. 1-6. Winner b ¦; by Lord
Cllfden-Tennie B. Trained by G. Wentworth. Scratched— H. P Cane ' Miss Vera.
Start fair. Won easily. Second and third driving. Pat showed* marked' Improvement
over -hi* race of the preceding day. El Oriente bumped on the first turn. Too much
early use was made of Constellator. With an even break Lunar would have won. Lou
Clieveden -will bear watching. (
OOOO. FOURTH RACi: — Six furlongs; handicap; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. $400.
Index I Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. "%T %^ %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. cT
•JgW.lKt^WWrth. 6 (H.^ Stover).... 1241 1 ... 1 1 1 1%1 3 11% I Burns 8-5 "5-2
(5502) (Martinmas. 4 (Henshall) 109 6 ... G 6 6 2 2 Bell 3 7.0
5574 ID. Hayman. 4 (McLemore)... 104| 5 ... 4 n 5 H£4 h 3 « Lowe"**/" 5 11. •>
559« IMlsty's Pride. 4 (Jones & Co.). 99] 3 ... 2h 314 2 n 4% Larsen 10 15
BT.SG jGlennevls, 4 (W. Durker).... OS 2 ... B % 4 % 5 iy.5 3% Kunz .'.'. '. '. 6 0
SBSg lArabo. 4 (W. B. Jennings). ... lOSJ 4 ... 3^2 % 3 h C J. Martin!' 4 5
Time— :24 :48%. 1:13».«. At post 1^ minutes. Oft at 0:271,4. Kenilworth. place. 1; show.
2-5. Martinmas, place. 1; show. 1-2. Hayman. show. 3-5. Winner, br h by Sir Mo
dred-Queen Bess.- Trained' by H. Stovpr. Start good. Won easily. Second and third
driving. It would have taken a good one to trim the bird's claws to-day. Martinmas
was pocketed In behind the bunch, until well into the stretch. Dollie Hayman did not
Glennevis outclassed.
SO 10. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value, to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. |Wt|St . %. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. | Op. ClT
5570 |0ro Viva. 4 (Ward"& Klng).|104 4 4 2 4 3%2 2 1 n 1 1 (Bell 7!~ 5" 13. •*
55M Aunt Polly. 6 (Graffort & Co. )i 1051 6 In 12 1%23 2 2V, C Kelly 3 4
5572 Mountebank, a (Keating).... Iliori 3 % 2 n 33 3%3h Burns ..... 6-5 8-5
53,.: ,E1 Fonse. 6 (C. P. Fink) 111015 7 3 7 3 6n 5% 4% J. MarUn 6 11-2
(5r,P2)!Nullah. a (G. S. McKenzie). [lOOf 2 2 2 Sh 4 %' 4 n * 8 4 Larsen 10 "0
5573 Dotterel. 4 (F. J. 0"Rourke).l 97 7 5h6%5^73 0 1% Kunz 15 if?
.... Jean Gravier. 4 (Becker)... 104 3 6 l^« Hj7 6 6 2 7 1 Haack 15 in
5572 Rene. 4 (Lamasney Broa.)..| 94 8 8 8 8 8 8 |Watso» ... 20 25
Tlm^~,i 24 ' , :49 - 1 A 4% v 1:27 , ?i « At P 081 2 m'nutes. Off at 3:55. Viva, place 2; show 1
Polly, place. 6-5; show. 1-2. Mountebank, ghow. 1-4. Winner, b. h. by Golden Garter-
Joe Viva. Trained by Thomas Scanlan. Scratched— Kickumbob Lady Kent Prestano
Start good. Won cleverly. Second same. Third driving. Winner perfectly handled Aunt
Polly ran her race. Mountebank was outfooted. El Fonse away all tangled ud " Dot
terel did not run jnueh of_ a _race._ Jean_ Gravier received eome support.
C611. SIXTH RACE— 1% miles; selling; four-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. WtlSL Vi . %. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. CL
G563 Axmlnster. 5 (W. D. Randall) 105 2 11 11 1111 1 n J^ Martin Z
B563 Position, a (C. A. Durree). . . 107 55 3121 2 'A 24 Burns 7 I
55*5 IPrestolus. 4 (Devin & Co.).. 103 4 3h413h3h3ns Bell - «
5r.9!» j Expedient, a (P. E. Smith).. 101 14h5 4h4h43 H Smith" ft it
(5573) I Arthur Ray. 5 (Clayton & Co.) 110 32l2h5 5 5 Haack ..!! 7 9
Time— :25ii. :50%. 1:17, 1:42% 1:55%. At post V. minute. Off at 4:16 Axminster
place. 3-5; show. 1-4. Position^ place. 3-5; show. out. Preetolus. show. '^tWlnner
br. h. by Klngston-Sllverdene. Trained by W. D. RandaJl. Start good Won first thr<Ti
drlrtng hard. Axmirnter probably best. Position fell short a bit atthe. wire p*S,tn{^
ran a good race. Arthur Ray was cut off and fell out of It. *restoius
34
V ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt with
Free Electric Suspensory for
Weak Men, Has Restored
' His Lost Strength.
' .- /&£§&. Th Js is the way they feel, the men
\^""~ """""T^WilfcN^ w^° a<^ &i ven U P h°P e » w^° .bought
\ '-s^^* 8^^. ®r^" — ~* >N v ere was no cure * or them, until they J
\ -*^ p a^m/^^Z - r} came upon Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt, i
\ a *^/T _^r \jj Now they are full of life, overflowing with
X\ 1^ £*?*& i°y° us spirits, and "care to the winds."
ti&^ Pains are gpne, weakness is gone, and
| 1 | f^ * full vigor is in their every action.
I v. \ it I Do you want to feel like that? Then
1. *\^!\jf- \ [\ I fe^ wear s 8 ran( * life-giving appliance for
§ \ '()• '^Jb^ZZ^ two months at ni 2ht- It will charge every
I /z =^^^^^^^^^^^^^^I^L nerve with eIectric Iife » and vou win * eeI
I like a two-year-old. It puts steam into
I y° ur run down body, drives away pain
I ' ** and renews youth.
I Weakness and Nervousness.
Eg DR. McLAUGHLIX— Dear Sir: In regard to the belt I purchased of you. I win say It Is th« only cure I hav« ever found.
a I have gained IS pounds since I began your treatment, and feel like another man. I can work and have the energy to do my work.
H . Yours very truly, ... c , H- DREWRY. Korb«!. Cal.
i If you have pains in your back, if you feel tired and listless, if you are nervous and weak, if you arc
U growing old too soon, if you have lost vigor and courage of youth, if you have Rheumatism, a Weak Stom-
I ach, or any evidence of breaking down, you are wasting time. Get Dr. McLaughlin's Belt with free Electric
B suspensory for men.
I GET SOME LIFE INTO YOU!
B What's the use of dragging your lags about like a wooden man? Feel like a man of spirit. Away with
If the pains and aches; off with this wretched feeling: as if you were seventy years old and had one foot in the
IJ grave. Ginger up! Feel young and full of glee. That's the way a man ought to feel. Come and let me put
9 life into your nerves; let me give you a new supply of youthful energy. Let me make you feel like throwing
H your chest out and your head up and saying to yourself "I'M A MAN." Let me give you back that old feel-
Q ing of youthful fire, vim and courage. I can do it, so that in two months you will wonder that you ever felt
H as slow and poky as you do now. Come and see me and I will explain, and you can see how my system works.
n If you can't call, cut this ad out and send it to me and I'll send you a book, beautifully illustrated, that makes H
I a man feel like being young again. Act to-day. Life is sweet, so enjoy every minute. * * j
Or 7V1 C /V^c^LsaiJcrhlir-i 9O6 market st. I
I *—** • /?*• "• * ? a*^A—^d.U^riliri f Above EMU. fan FrancL.o. 1
I Office Hours— S a. m. to 8 p.m.; Sundays, 10 to I. Ij
ADVERTISEMENTS.
F ¦ ' vi «-"*¥. j 1 5 ¦
I ">* f I . w C fcT
L" '•¦'% sfcrSTf^iCYssijH as ** "**""•
*J * B^S^SBraB^l Q iz w c
IS J « L ° < O
¦i- 3 "¦ ** _ ¦ *¦«¦>
Emm ' JC C*O
«¦ * u u ***•
fvn 2 XI **
Telephone John 371.
==IN. S. HAIND=
Secretary *n4 offl- Expert Haadietppts
clal taaadlcapper for
the -Metropolitan BOOKS 1, 2 and 3,
iffi^tSFK* £ 113 STOCKTON ST.,
¦oclaUaoa of New
York. 'J- . E&n Frudscs, Oil.
Terms (dorlajr California season ooJy). $2
•¦r Cay or |1O per week.
ADVERTISEMENTS. . 'Saaqsffl
By Dx. Zotwrescc'a Tfew Perf ectad
¦Jr Vacuum Developer
I AND INV1QORATOR. It qadcly restores Lest Stranjth or Wasted
Vita! Power and never fails to cur» Varlcocele. 8trictur«. • Drains.
Weakness. Impotence or Proftatlc Troubles. It positively daveloo* and
§ vitalizes Wrak or Debili tattd Organ*, thus restorlnr full youthful vigor.
CCBB GTTAxLlirrSES OS M0K2Y BACX.
To rrove the marrelou and positive merit* of *th« VACUUM
TREATMENT you may take Jt on 10 days' trial and approval ABSO-
LUTELY FREE. We can back up erery claim wo maks.
.Call or write to-day for 64-paxa Ilustrared book No. 6. showing mala gystem ani
¦ eiplalninir this wonderful, convenient and glrnpl* BOMB TREATMENT. Sent nlala.
•ealed, free. *"•"*•
We" are experienced physicians. Our treatment the best and our fees less than
one-half those of other strictly reliable specialists. •.
CONSULTATION FREE and confidential at office or by mall. ¦Zottra, 9 a, xn. ta
S p. m. Sundays. 10 a. m. to 1 p. m. Open evenings. —•»•«»
'. SO MONEY B.-SQTJX2ED UJITUj CUBED.
HEALTH APPLIANCE CO,,
6 OTARRELL ST., Near Market, San Francisco.TO SAIU
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Jelled Etatea Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to Sen Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of th»
Superintendent. E
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
Jie city front (Micslon-etreet wharf) about 1 23
ninutes later than at Fort Point; tbt height
"Why don't you try to be of some nsa
In society?"
"Mister." answer-d Meandering Mike.
"I'm useful. I'm here fur philanthro
pists dat hasn't quite worked up to giv
in' away libraries to practice on." —
"Washington Star.
"Have you anything to say before wa
eat you?" said the King of the Cannibal
Isles to a Boston missionary.
"I have," was the reply. "I want to
talk, to you a while on the advantages
of a vegetable diet."— Pick-JJe-Up.
"This world Is but a fleeting: show,"
remarked the austere citizen.
"I suppose so," answered Mr. Storm*
ington Barnes. VAnd the taxpayer Is
the man who pays his money at the box
office and takes whatever the managers
choose to give him."— Washinarton Star.
Two Cargoes for Hawaii.
The bark Martha Davis sailed on Friday
or Hilo with an assorted merchandise cargo
'alued at $43.10s and Including the following:
483 bbls flour. 0042 ctls barley, 1061 bales
>ay 1S3 ctle corn. S409 lba beans, &36 lbs oil
•ake meal. 14»7 lbs middlings. 18 ctls wheat.
,0.141 lbs sugar. 25 pkgs salmon. 16.000 lbs
alt, 745 lbs mlllstuffs, 25 pkgs pickled salmon.
.¦COO ltw codfish. 9775 pals 10 cs wine. 58 cs
¦anned good*. 250 lbs cheese, 150 lbs butter,
;00« pkgs groceries and provisions, 11 cs spices,
110 pkgs potatoes, 10 cs liquors. 164 pkg» fresh
'rult*, 2*8 gals 5 cs whisky. CRS3 lbs bread. 80
¦ixt- paste, 3750 lbs lard. 21 pkgs onions. 5 cs
lry goods. :!- c» boots and shoes, 398.562 lbs
>rtill«er. 27 pkgs agricultural Implements. 3O
nkgs wagon material. 11 kegs nails. 65 bars 3
5<11» Iron. 350 ca coal oil, 140 pc« sewer pip*.
1015 lbs tobacco. 109 pea 11 bdls pipe, 170 bxs
soap, 109 pkgs furniture, 63 colls rope. 1539 lbs
to4a, 40 tons coal, 30.000 bricks. 360 bbls lime.
I <¦> arms and ammunition. 1 cs hats, 26 pkgs
!>alnts and oils. 36,500 feet redwood etavet,
21 bxs candle*.
Tlie bark Olympic was cleared yesterday for
Honolulu with a general cargo, valued at
Ml .213 and including the following:
1750 bbls flour, 2412 ctls barley, 4095 lbs
bran. 5125 lbs tobacco, 525 cs condensed milk,
12.U73 lbs bread, 1500 lbs hops, 55 cs canned
goods, 100 bxs paste. u00 bales hay, 100 cs
baking powder. 30 pkgs groceries and pro
vUion*. ST. cs table preparations, 77 cs salad
oil. 7SCO lbs salt. 4154 lbs peas, 21.85O lbs
1-ran*. 2252 gals 5O cs wine. 467. ctls wheat.
57.7UO lbs middlings. 1S7 ctls oats, 365 ctls
corn, 3S20 lbs « cs meals. 3254 gals vinegar,
22.429 lbs sugar. 22.1 CO lbs lard, 5 cs syrup,
50.000 lbs tankage. 8 pke» dry roods, 18 cs
hats, 4 pkge machinery. 25 Icegs nails. 100 pea
pipe. 15 bdls brooms. 27 tons coke, 30 cs boots
and shoes, r.n cr 10 bbls oil. 175 coils rope, 183
bxs toap. 35 bales paper bags. 60 cs matches,
175 ca candle*. 1142 lbs starch.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 2, 10 p m— Weather
clear: wind NW. velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Sailed Jan 2— Schr W P Wltze
mann for San Pedro.
REDONDO — Arrived Jan 2— Stmr Pasadena,
from Eureka.; bktn Addenda, from Astoria.
Sailed Jan 2 — Bktn J L Eviston, foe Sara
Pedro; bktn Addenda, for San Pedro; stmr
Santa Barbara, for San Francisco. -¦• •
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Jan 2— Stmr "W H
Kruger. for San Pedro; stmr Whltesboro, for
San Francisco.
POINT REYE8 — Passed Jan 2. 8: 20 a. m. —
Stmr San Gabriel, from Eureka, for San Pedro
SEATTLE — Arrived Jan 1 — Schr Eric, from
Santa Rosalia.
Sailed Jan 1 — Stmr Montara. for San Fran-
EUREKA— Arrived Jan "2— Stmrs Alliance
and Scotia, hence Dec 31; achr Bertha JDol-
TELEGRAPHIC.
8P0KEN.
Dec 13. lat. 9 north. Ion. 27 west — Ger ship
Altalr. from Antwerp, for 8an Francisco.
Stmr Spokane. Johnson. Eureka.
Stmr Arcata. Nelson. Coos Bay.
Stmr Fulton Lee. Westport
Stmr Centralla. Ericsson. Redondo.
Stmt Porno. Wlnkel. Astoria.
Stmr Point Arena. Miller, Mendocino.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen. Caspar.
Stmr Edith. Hall. Tacoma.
Stmr Newsboy. Adler. .
Schr Henry Wilson. Johnson. Portland.
Schr Fannie Adele. Fllscher. Grays Har
bor.
Schr Sausallto. Rasmussen. Grays Harbor.
Saturday. January 2.
Stmr Coo« Bay. Nlcolson. San Pedro; Fa
ciflc Coast Steamship Co.
. Stmr North Fork Nelson. Eureka: The Cnaa
Nelson Co.
Stmr Spokane. Johnson, Eureka; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall. Astoria; Ore
gon Railroad and Nav Co.
Stmr Acapulco. Russell, Panama, etc; Pa
cific Mall Steamship Co.
Nor stmr Titania, Egenes. Nanaimo: West
ern ¦ Fuel Co.
Bark Star of Bengal. Henderson. Mak&weli;
E B Smith.
Bark Olympic, Evans. Honolulu; "Williams,
Dlmond & Co.
SAILED. v .
Saturday.- January 2.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. for Santa Cruz.
Stmr City of Puebla. Jepsen. Victoria, etc.
Stmr Acapulco.' Russell. Panama, etc. ¦
Stmr San Pedro. Peterson. Eureka.
CLEARED,
Shipping Intelligence.
.^ARRIVED.
Saturday, January 2.
Stmr Greenwood. Johnson, 15 hours from
Albion River.
Stmr Coos Bay. Nlcolson. 64 hours from Saa
Pedro.
Stmr Umatilla, Nepander. 60 hours from Vic
toria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Centralla. Erlckson, 71 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr South Bay. Jamleson. 27 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Eureka, Jeesen. 22 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Coronado. Petersen. 42 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Lakme. Gunderson. 29 hours from Eu
reka; bound for San Pedro; put In for pas
sengers.
Bktn Lahalna. Carlson. 10 days from Ta
coma, via Ciallam Bay 15 days.
6chr"lVni Olsen. Roovlk. 18. days from Port
Gamble.
Mxports br the Panama Steamer.
The steamer Acapulco f«lled yesterday for
Panama and way ports with a general cargo
alued at $117^63, to bt distributed as fol
ows: For Mexico. $9822; Central America,
i 11.6(2; Panama, JlOtHJ; New York, $93,497;
:hlle, $288; Germany, $950. The leading ex
wrts were as fo'.lown:
To Mexico — 168 cals wine. 27 pkgs groceries
m'l provisions, '¦'¦- cs codfish. 2tfO lbs dried
ruit. 422 lbs nuts. 30 pkgs freeh fruit. 14O sk»
>otatces. 3S cs canned goods. 30 pkgs beer. 30
,is raisins. 2 cs salmon, 10 cs onions, 3 cs
ewing machines, 10 c« arms and ammunition,
>0 flasks quicksilver. 3t>'j2 lbs spices, 8344 lbs
>!uet>tone, 30 bdls .'is bars iron, 2 cs electrical
;upplles. 13 colls rope. 28 cs tar. 4 pkgu agri
cultural Implements. 460 bdls Ebooks, 20 bales
•akum. 32 pkgs paints and oils. 772 pkgs ma
¦hlnery. 87 bdls 17 pcs> pipe. 9 pkgs nails.
To Central America — 2333 bbls flour, ,fl00 lbs
Irle-d fruit, 2000 lbs spices, 4500 lba codfish,
70 crts potatoes, 1490 lbs ham and bacon, "
Tts onions. 1 bbl beer. 2 pkgs groceries and
>rovlslon*. 102 pals wine. 2 cs salmon, 350 lbs
neals. 487 lbs cheese. SCO lbs ralslne, 6S eks
-oke, 27 sks coal, 7 pkgs leather. 10 pkgs
>afnts and oils. 50 cs coal oil, 2O pig* lead, 11
>kee vacon material. 3 hl.Ix tar.
To Panama — 200 bbls flour, 2116 gals wine,
M7 lbs FUgar, 7 r k K* naval stores.
To New York — 78.577 gals wine. 1000 flaek«
lulckcllver, 736 c* canned fruit. 378 y».ls
irandy. 26.240 lh-» dry hides, 13,577 lbs great *d
vool, *37 bales Junk.
To Chile — 21 pkgs mining machinery.
To Germany — 44.000 lbs dried prunes.
beer, from San Diego.
Sailed Jan 2 — Stmrs Lakme and Pomona, for
San Francisco: stmr Alliance, for Coos Bay.
Launched Jan 2 — New schr Crescent.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived Jan 2 — Schr
John F Miller, from San Pedro; bktn Mary
Wlnkelmann. hence Dec 22; schr A J West,
from Santa Rosalia; schr Fanny Dutard,
hence Dec 22.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Jan 2— Br
ship Thlstlebank. from Antwerp.
Sailed Jan " — Fr bark Marechal de Turenne,
for Oregon.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Jan 2 — Stmr Melvlllo
Dollar, from Redondo; stmr Sequoia, from
Grays Harbor; stmr Chehalls and stmr Homer,
hence Dec 31.
Sailed Jan 2— Schr W F Jewett, for Co
lumbia^ River; Btmr Robert Dollar, for San
Francisco.
CRESCENT CITY— Arrived Jan 1— Stmr Co
quille River, hence Dec 30. Arrived J.an 2 —
Stmr Mandalay. hence Dec 31.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Jan 2 — Stmr Na
tional City, hence Jan 1.
Sailed Jan 2— Stmr Brunswick, for San
Francisco.
SAN DIEGO — Arrived Jan 2— Schr Annie
Larson, from Tacoma.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Jan 2— Schr A J
West from Santa Rosalia.
PORT TOWNS END — Arrived Jan 2 — Br bark
Highlands, from Vancouver, for Philadelphia;
Br snip Clan Robertson, from Antwerp; achr
John G North, from Lahalna.
Arrived Jan 2— Bark S C Allen, hence Dec
24. for Port Blakeley.
SOUTH BEND — Arrived Jan 2 — Schr Louis,
hence Dec 24.
WHATCOM— Sailed Jan 2— Br ship Dundee,
for nitrate port. ' « -. . .
COOS BAY — Sailed Jan 1 — Schr Ivy, for San
Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Jan 1— Schr A. F. Coats,
hence Dec 24; schr Glen<!a!e, hence Dec 21.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Jan 2— Schr
Comet. 11 days from Grays Harbor.
SEATTLE — Sailed Jan 2— Stmr Excelsior,
for Valdez.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Jan 1— Ship John Ena
from Newcastle, Australia; stmr Hawaiian,
from Seattle.
Sailed Jan 1— Ship, Marion Chllcott. for San
Francisco.' . ¦ .
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK — Arrived Jan 1 — Stmr Minne
tonka, hence Oct 7.
FOREIGN PORTS.
BREST— Sailed Dec 20 — Fr bark Belen. tor
San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE. Aus. — Arrived Jan 1— Bktn
Chehalls. from Adelaide.
CALLAO— Arrived Jan 1— Br baric Glamls.
from Port Ludlow. .
JUNIN — Sailed Dec 30— Br bark Largo Law
for Philadelphia.
PUNTA ARENAS — Sailed Dec 10— Ger itmr
Luxor for Hamburg.
HONGKONG— Arrived Jan 1— Jap stmr
Hongkong i Mam, hence Dec 3.
Sailed Jan 2— Br etmr Gaelic, for San Fran-
YOKOHA MA— Sailed Jan 1— Jap stmr Amer
ica Ma.ru. .for San Francisco.
TSINTAU — Sailed Jan 1 — Schr J. . H. Luns
mann. for Japan.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 2— Ger ship
Christine, hence Aug 22. rJ;.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HAVRE— Sailed Jan 2— Stmr La Savole, for
New York.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Jan 2 — Stmr Arme
nian, frvra New York; stmr Lucanla, from
New York.
Sailed Jan 2 — Stmr Cevic. for New York;
stmr Umbrla; for New York. -
NEW r YORK— Sailed Jan 2— Stmr Anchoria,
for Glaasrow; Btmr Island, tor Copenhagen;
«tmr Philadelphia, for Plymouth: stmrMln
nehaha. for London. •
BOSTON — Arrived Jan 2 — Stmr Sylvania,
from Liverpool.
BREMEN — Sailed Jan 2 — Stmr Caaael. for
New York.
it ROTTERDAM— Sailed Jan 3— Stmr Staten
dam., for New York, via Boulogne.
Eteamer. i For. Sails.
Farallon...:. Skat*ay & Way Ports. Jan. 3
Valencia Skarway & Way Ports. Jan. 8
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 9
Bertha Cook« Inlet * Way Pt». Jan. 10
Al-Ki i Skatrway & Way Ports. Jan. 10
Santa Ana... \ Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.jJan. 16
Grand First Vice , President Charles
E. McLaughlln will visit the parlors of
his district, commencing January 18
and closing * February 11. On such
visits he will address the following par
lors and see how well they do their
work: Dolores, Terba Buena, Bay
City, Santa Barbara, Ramona, Los An
geles, Pomona, Corona. Cabrlllo, San-
Sequoia Parlor, N. S. G. W., has
elected the following named as its of
ficers for the ensuing term: . R. P. Dun
phy, past president; A. Gudehus, pres
ident; T. A. Fox, first vice president;
F. A. Denhard, second vice president;
L. McEvoy, third vice president;
Richard D. Barton (re-elected), record
ing secretary; Charles E. Torres (re
elected), financial secretary; L. M.
Bannan, treasurer; C. A. Michelsen,
marshal; F. A. McGeeney, trustee; Dr.
E. F. Donnelly, B. F. Alden. T. L.-Ma
honey, surgeons. These officers will
be installed January 4 by R. P. Troy of
San Francisco Parlor, D. D. G. P.
The smoker given by Pacific Parlor
on the third Tuesday in December was
a great success, under the sireship of
"Brother Sutherland" Roche. Some of
the parlor's best talent was present
and a- very interesting programme was
presented, each performer being re
quired to give an encore. Bert Miner
sang the "Newsboy's Pipe Dream";
Daniel Deasy favored with a piano
solo; Mr. Grennan in his specialties
spoke of the "Oakland Girl" and sang
a song eulogizing Mayor Schmltz's
whiskers: S. A. D. Jones tc-ld of his
seven months', sojourn in the Hawai
ian Islands; President-elect "Judge"
Lynch delivered one of his smooth'
speeches: Vice President-elect W. Dahl
recited "The Drunkard's Child" in a
path'etiQ* manner, to the extent that it
affected several of the members, and
A. F. Williams told dialect stories, his
Italian version of the hatchet and
cherry tree incident being very funny.
The twentieth entertainment under
the auspices of the executive commit
tee of the Native Sons' joint literary
and social committee in Native Sons'
Hall on the fourth Wednesday in De
cember was a great : success, showing
that these entertainments are growing
In favor. There was an excellent
vaudeville •programme, followed by a
farce • and then dancing. Those who
contributed to the evening's entertain
ment .were Frank Monaghan, Anita
Murray, ;Elsa..Tolon, Rhoda Stare,
Bertha Lanswbrth, William Altman,
Corinne Johnson, Richard Robert, Les
ter Alden, Victor Ferran, Frances An
gus, Maud Neil; and Lillian Douglass.
NATIVE, SONS.
The annual- Christmas party given
by Stanford Parlor of the Native Sons
in it3 hall on the last Thursday In
December was one of the most enjoy
able affairs of the kind this parlor has
ever held. There was an immense
tree, profusely decorated, and Walter
H. Marston. a newly Initiated member,
assumed the part of Santa Claus In a
manner that was most acceptable and
showed that he was no novice in the
art of distributing gifts to those who
were entitled to them. There was a
present for each member, all, of
course, of the "Josh" order, but cal
culated to raise a laugh as each re
cipient opened his parcel. The dis
tribution was followed by an excellent
luncheon, songs and stories.
elected officers as follows: Robert P.
Troy, past president; George D. Ash!
president; T. Dinan. E. Demartlni and
Charles Caputro. vice presidents;
Louis P. PoweLson. recording, and
John Nelson, financial secretary; A.
Jorgensen, marshal, and T. F. Flynn,
trustee.
There was a larga attendance of
members and their relatives and chil
dren to enjoy Presidio Parlor's Christ
mas tree in Stempke's Hall on the
fourth Wednesday In December. There
was a pleasing programme for the en
tertainment of the adults and the dis
tribution of pretty presents by Santa
Claus to the little ones.
Olympus Parlor, which is- exceedingly
wide-awake and enterprising, has add
ed many to its membership in the last
twelve months. The secret of the par-]
lor's popularity Is that It is ever on the
alert for something new to entertain
the members and make the meeting \
place one to which all the members
want to. go. Its drum corps, recently
organized, ia reaching a high standard
of excellence. The parlor has inaugu
rated a series of whist and euchre tour
naments and will award valuable prizes
to the winners. The, attendance at the
first of these was very large. The par
lor has a live set of officers, who want
something more than mere routine busi
ness. The officers recently elected will
be Installed in January.
Grand Trustee James! A. Devoto will
pay official visits to parlors in his dis
trict as follows: Bay City Parlor. San
Francisco, January 6; Precita Parlor,
San Francisco, 7th; Dolores Parlor. San
Francisco, 11th; Pacific Parlor, San
Francisco, 13th; El Dorado Parlor, San
Francisco, 14th; Las Posltas Parlor,
Alameda, 18th: Eden Parlor. Alameda,
20th; Piedmont Parlor, Alameda, 21st:
Washington Parlor, Alameda, 26th; AI
catraz.Parlor, San Francisco, 28th, and
Army and Navy Parlor, San Francis
co. 29th. ¦•
Pacific Parlor has chosen the follow
ing named to serve as officers for. the
next term: E. J. Lynch, president;
William Dahl, Jessie C. Alien acd
George TV. . Lillle, -vice .presidents; J.
Miller, recording secretary; A. Latham,
treasurer; F. J.; Gonzales. marshal;
George S. Gould, trustee: H. W. Hun
sacker. T. B. Roche. T. W. B. Leland.
T. A. Rottanzi and W. C. Hopper, sur
geons. At the time of the election the
seating capacity of Sierra Hall in the
N. S. G. W. building was taxed to its
i capacity, probably because the . poli
ticians were out in. full force. ..
' San Francisco Parlor, "Old '49," has
Later the grand organizer started on
a tour of visits to . Oakdale. Stockton.
Elk Grove, Wheatiand and other places
to see what he can do for the good of
the order. '**;•?¦*¦*
Grand Organizer Andrew Mocker has
secured a number of candidates for the
class initiation of Fresno Parlor. He re
ports that Visalia's big initiation was
a success, thirty candidates being Ini
tiated and four reinstated. There are
still more to come in that parlor, which
Is working for another big class, so as
to have three delegates at the next
Grand Parlor.
tiago, Santa Paula, Redlands, San
Diego, Arrowhead and Preclta. The
grand officers and members of the or
der where the parlors are located have
been asked to accompany him on such
visits.
Boast not, and the world knows not
who you are; boast, and It despises you
for what you are. — Life.
FROM SEATTLE.
Church— I see the population of
Wales has doubled In sixty years.
Gotham— I don't suppose the whale
which was populated by Jonah Is in
cluded In this statement. — Yonkers
Statesman.
"Johnny, don't eat with your knife."
"Why not, paw?"
. "Because It's impolite."
"Then what's knives for, paw?"
"To cut your food, of course."
"Then It's all right, paw. I'm eatin'
mashed 'taties." — Cleveland Plain
Dealer.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails, j Pier.
January 3. I (
Corocado.. Grays Harbor j 4 pm'Pier 10
Samoa Los Angeles Ports. ,10 am | Pier 2
Lakae Los Angeles Ports. jlO am | Pier 20
Empire Coo* Bay direct... 112 mjPler U
Arctic Humboldt | t» am;PUr 'Z
North Fork. Humboldt |12 m! Pier 20
G W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Santa Rosa.! San Diego & Way. 9 am|Pler 11
January 4.
R. Dollar. . Seattle & Tacoma. 4 pm Pier 20
Chlco Coquille River »,. .. 4 pmlPler 2
Eureka Humboldt 12 m|Pler 13 I
Coos Bar-- San Pedro & Way.1 9 am|Pler 11
S. Barbara. Seattle £ Olympla.] 4 pm|Fier 2
January 9. I
Pomona Humboldt |l:30pPler »
January 6.
Ht T ,l Wlllapa Harbor .. 4 pm Pier 20
Mariposa... Tahiti direct 11 am Pier I
Umatilla... Pugft 5..ur.il Ports. 11 am Pier a
January 7.
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier %
Cbehalls... Grays Harbor Pier —
State Cal.. San Diego St Way. 9 amIPler 11
1 Mbena I China & Japan 1 pmlPter 40
Curacao Mexican P- ns 10 amIPler 11
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma.| 5 pm|Pler 20
January 8. j j
Corona Humboldt l:3Op|Pler 9
Bonlta Newport & Way.. I 0 am Pier 11
Columbia.. Astoria & Portlandlll am Pier 2*
January 9.
Arcata Coos B-Pt. Orford. 10 am Pier 13
Pt. Arena.. Pt. Arena & Mdcno 4 pm Pier 2
Elizabeth.. Coquille River 11 amiPler 24 !
Peru X. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40 i
Alameda . . . Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
• . . January 11.
Queen...; •• Pupet Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
January 14.
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 20
Alliance... Eureka & Coos B. 5 pm Pier 1(J
Rainier. . . . Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Rrinrs liiz Cars* of Lumber
7Tt» r».-rK*r.T:r.« ix -.a:r.a. wr.:i ~ tti-
No orders bar* arrived yet for the navy
rnltier Saturn, which U still at anchor off
Harrison street wharf, deeply laden Tilth coal
and prepared to start for any part of the
wo»rld a: ar.y mrraent the Navy I Vpartment
give* the word. Ttie Saturn was built for «lee;«
eea tnwir.c and i* equipped wi*h a s«p!endi.J
towing tuackise. which is maintain*"! in good
condition icr any eriergency that tnay arise.
Althcurh new ewsed by the r.avr. she
1» cems^nded and manned by cfBcc-rs anu
men of tne Derchant service. Her present
rotnssisstica is cnly m few months eld and the
vevart t* reauy for protracted servire in a=y
jart of tee world.
Saturn Still Awaitinc Order*.
•¦¦ -.U. 2227 lbs middlings. 100 gals 25 cs wine,
"> lti bops, ¦ 5 pkgs groceries, 39 cs table
¦reparations. 2C3S lba lard, 1000 lbs codfish.
:•'¦> lbs beans. 203 pkgs bicycles and sundries.
'.?,>-> lb* seed, 10 bales overalls. 32 pkgs.
nachinery. 10 cs 1 bbl oil, 204 pkgs metal
¦¦•ll:-h, 124 rolls newspaper, 112 cs boots and
shoes, 35 cs paints, 03 pkgs drugs and sun
iri'S, 300 sks plaster, 20 pkgs hose, • 9 pkgs
Mectrical supplies, 4 pkgs agricultural imple
ments, 3 cs leather. 400 pes lumber. 30 pkgs
«f-\v;:;g rrruhiri' s and Darts. 154 rolls roofing
paper. IS cs corsets. 37 pkgs wagon material,
10 bales oil clothinr, 5 horses.
To Australia — 23C5 bxs citrus fruits. 67.140
lbs codfish. 8U13 lbs hops. 4713 cs canned sal
mon, 155 bbl« COO half-bbls pickled salmon,
14,420 lbs 3 ci dried, fruit, 71 cb canned good*.
1003 lbs mlll/>tuffs, 10 cs syrup, 10,362 lbs
bluestone, 141 pkgs metal polish, 112 pkgs
machinery. 72 cs chewing gum. 26 pkgs elec
trical supplies, 3150 lbs ssed. 13 pkgs la rolls
leather, U9 cs boots and shoes, 8 pkgs do'
soods. 12 baJes overalls, 11 bxs iron chain.
141 pkgs metal polish. 250 doors. 203 rolls
newspaper, 53 pkgs agricultural implements, l<i
bal^s bow, IOCS lbs starch. 14 pkgs h&ts, 105
kegs white lead, 211 cs paints, 20 kegs acid,
{la roll* roofing paper, 07 crts paper, 10 pkgs
automobiles (valued at $10,000), 8 pkgs wagon
material. 58 pkgs bicycles and sundries, 3 cs
" To Fiji Islands— 25 cs bottled beer. 9 pkgs
Tiachlnery. 1 cs dry Roods, 1 cs matches.
To New Caledonia — 5 ca salmon, 14 ct
,-anned goods. 400 lbs codflah, 100 lbs dried
fruit.
The Oceanic Steamship Company'* SieA-a,
which railed on Friday for Sydney, via Hono
lulu, Pa*o Paco and Auckland, carried an
assorted merchandise carco, valued at $272,
644, to b* distributed as follows: For Hono
lulu. J01.CS7: Sanioan Islands. $7780: New Zea
land. (63.35S: Australia. $10W.O40; Fiji Inlands.
$!>42; New Caledonia. $128. The leading ex
ports were as follows:
To Honolulu— 15 bbl» flour. 131S pkfi fresn
fruits, 122 rkgs fresh vegetables, 25.S cs canned
goods. 3cC rkgs groceries and provisions. S520
lbs butter. 114$ lbs nut*. 340 pkgs potatoes.
'.'• cm salzncn. IS cs table preparations. 2123
:•-->- beans. 1(X>5 lbs tea, 110 r««* onlcns. 12t>
bxs p&rtt-. 55t*i It* dried fish. V2t>) lbs codfish,
2764 lbs chee;e. 51 72 lbs meals. 37 cs whisky.
21 cs wine, 35 ; k?s beer. 15 cs gla. 2423 lbs 14
cs dressed poultry. CtSSS lbs fresh meat. 6S4
Its fresh Ssh. «-¦.> lbs rait. 1049 lbs bread. 32
Ca frozen oyrters. 250 lbs peas. 2616 lbs bam
and bacon. ¦>-?'« It* ranr, 76 bxs candles. \7
t:> brooms. 3CZ pkss paper. SO bbls tar. 119
r-ksa building material. 10 pkgs electrical
goods, '-.• bdls wire. 32 pkgs sewing machines.
22 coiis rrpe. 123 rkgs dru?* and sundries. 15
cy'.s ar.-.rr.r.is. lti cs hats. 1S9 pkgs dry goods,
:¦."¦ cs boots and s^oes. 4 bdls leather. 50 cs
m&tche?. 443 pes 3 bdls steel. 27 bbls oil. 7
;-kcs machinery. 1!» bales here. Sti cs arms
and ammunition. 22 cs rubber shoes. "7 bxs
±cap. 7-J.iJ lbs 19 cs i^&nufactured tobacco. 1O
'oales twine. 210 bars 33 bdls Iron. 21 kegs
nalla. 49(3 lbs roe in. SO bd!a railroad tsaterUl.
20 skes i a'.r.tn. 1C3 kegs white lead. 9 pkgs
agricultural Implements. 75 pkgs ship stores.
To .-arr.ca — 43 bbls flour, tol lbs bread. 7$
cs canned goods. 162 cs 9 rkga salmon. 8 pkgfc
;--:at -- « and onionE. 20 pkgs fresh fruits and
vegetables. 3O gals wine. US pkgs groceries
and provisions. 2500 lbs rice, 2 cs eggs. 2540
lbs meals. 303 pkgs naval stores. 19 bdls roof
ing: raper, 5S14 ft 50 pes lumber. 7 pkgs dry
goods. IS cm boots and shces, 45 bills mlllwork.
11 pkes bicycles and sundries, fi pkge wagon
material, 10 es coal oil. 6 cs drugs.
To New Zealand — 1506 bxs citrus fruits. R
bxs iU'i-f. 20.750 lbs raisins. 32.092 lbs dried
fruit. Cl.'t cs 2 bbls- salmon, 571 cs canned
The Sierra's Cargo.
Steamer. From.- I Due.
Portland Seattle |Jan. 3
ilartiara. .. San Pedro IJan. 3
lUval •U'illapa Harbor |Jan. 3
Montara Tacoma [Jan. 3
laqua Grays Harbor |Jan. :i
Wellington... Comox (Jan. 3
Del Norte (Crescent City |Jan. 3
Coptic | China & Japan ]Jan. 3
Pomona I Humboldt IJan. •(
R. Dollar. ... I San Pedro I Jan. 4
G. Llndauer. .| Grays Harbor |Jan. 4
State of Cal. i San Diego & Way Pta 'Jan. 4
Porno Ft. Arena & Albion. ..) Jan. 5
Bonlta I Newport & Way Ports. (Jan. S
Alarreda Honolulu IJan. 6
CclumMa Portland & Astoria Jan. u
Elizabeth.... CoqulIIe River ". Jan. 6
&l>ukane 'Humboldt Jan. 6
Arrata ! Coos Bay & Pt. Orford-iJan. «
M. Dollar San Pedro [Jan. 7
Chehalls San Pedro Jan. 7
Eureka Humboldt [Jan. 7
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts.lJan. 7
Point Arena. Mendocino fc Pt. Arena. (Jan. 7
Queen ru jr-t South! Port*. . . . J.r.. «
tan Juan.... New York via Panama. [Jan. S
Coo* Bay i San Pedro & Way Ports'Jan. 9
North Fork.. Humboldt ,Jar.. V
G. W. Elder. . Portland tc Astoria Jan. 10
Serbia Seattle 'Jan. 10
Centeniatal j Seattle 4r Taconia Ijan. 1O
Sonoma I Sydney & Way Ports...! Jan. 11
Nevadan Honolulu tc Kanului ..jjan. 11
Raider Seattle & W'hatcom ...Jar.. 11
Alliance Portland tc Way Ports.! Jan. 12
Colcn New York via Panama.. I Jan. 13
CityPuebla.. Puget Scund Ports ijan. 13
furnished within and the crown of her ex
terior equipment is a fuilgrown trarFport-sire
f>arch'.!cht. mounted on the forward end of
the pilot-hcuse roof. The Aleatraz will be
turned over to the commander o* the array
Ulard in a lew davs.
The fifty hcrfi-iwwcr gasoline launch Alea
traz. built according to Fjjeciflcatlons prepared
bv Major Devol. to run between Alcatrar Island
and the rsair.land, wa« given a trial trip yes
ter£a.y by the engineers of the quartermaster's
deuartrr.eat. The new boat proved speedy and
seaworthy and is easily the handsromeft of
1-er cla«s in local water*. She is comfortably
Alcntraz Is Speedy Craft.
The German bark Hydra (on Puget Sound)
is chartered for lumber thence to Antofagasta
on owner's account.
The bark Albert returns to Honolulu with
general cargo.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping: Merchants.
Continued on Page Fifteen.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N..~ Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
January 2. 1004. ,
The Time Jiall on the tower of the Fernr
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. ni Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
IJeutenant. U. S. N.. la charge.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
of tide Is the same at both places^
SUNDAY. JANUARY 3. _
Sun rises 7:23
Sun sets f>:0:;
Moon rises (full) 5:40 p. m.
C ITlmel ITlmel ITlme| Tlmel
% Tt. 1 Ft. I Ft. Ft.
? |H W| 1L AVI I" Wl L. TV]
3 0:10 4.8 4:47 2.7il0:4s fi.l 5:47 — 1. # -'
4 0:M 4.0 8:37 2.7|11:3S 6.0 (1:31—1.1
8 1:3S 5.1 6:30 2.7)12:32 8.S 7:17—0.7
« 2:21 "5.1 7:*_'7 2.U| 1:30 5.3 S:04|— 0.3
7 | :i:<*| ¦">.»! K:*'-'! S.4] 2:TJ| 4.M S:. r .o| u.:s
5 I 3:63] 5.4| «J:45| 2.2| 3:42| 4.3i 0:42| 0.0
NOTE: — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are. given in the left
hand column and. the successive tldea of th»
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United Slates
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of th« lower low waters.
The Pacific Hall Company's big liner Siberia
will leave the Huntere Point dxydock this
mornlnc and return to the Pacific Mall wharf,
where a big outward cargo awaits her.
The army transport Crook came off the dry
dock yesterday and docked at Kotsom-street
wharf, where she will be put In condition for
sen-Ice. '
In *.plte of her close proximity to the dustiest
roal bunkerg along the water front the naval
reserve ship Marion Is gradually assuming the
anix-araiice of having a few friends. Handi
capped by an atmosphere laden with black
tllamond dust tlie men enraged In painting
the old ves«el have had a hard struggle, but
at last the paint is more In evidence than the
coal <1u.-t and the Marlon look* less like a
forgotten relic of ancient history than she
has for many months.
The Pacific Mail Company's ste-irnahip Ac-a
pulco. Cuptain RUFsell. sailed yesterday with
freight and passengers for Panama.
The Occidental and OrlentaJ Steamship Cora
pany'B liner Coptic. Vnptaln Bearduell, Is due
to-day from the Orient.
Waler Front N'otos.
The project of transferring the fran
chise of the Sacramento club to Ta-I
coma was then discussed. After hear- j
ing all the plans of Fisher the mag
nates voted to make the change. This!
means the Capital City will have no;
more big league baseball and that Ta- •
coma will become a member of the}
Pacific Coast League, with Mike Fisher !
as owner and manager of the team. j
It has been rumored for »ome time j
that the change would be made and the j
magnates had all but made up their:
minds to see the new deal through be
fore the meeting was called. Fisher
claims he lost money at Sacramento
last season and that he saw a good
opening in Tacoma and decided to
make the change should the other mag
nates be willing. /
There is a lot of business before the
league at the present time and it is :
very probable several other meetings '
will be held before everything has been ¦
formally settled. The advisability of
entering the national agreement will
probably be discussed and the outcome
will be watched with interest all over
the country.
The election of officers was first pro
ceeded with. James F. Moran, the vet
eran baseball representative, who has
acted in that capacity for so many
years, requested that his name be with
drawn, as he felt the duties were too
much for him, and also that a recent
death in his family compelled him to
seek seclusion.
The magnates heard this news with
regret. The name of Eugene F. Bert,
former vice president of the league,
was placed before the meeting and he
was chosen to succeed Moran. The
following officers were also chosen:
Vice president, L. C. Cohen of Seattle;
secretary, James Anderson of San
Francisco; treasurer, Theodore F.
Goodman of San Francisco; directors,
James Moriey of Los Angeles, Henry
Harris of San Francisco, C. F. Sweigert
of Portland, J. Cal Ewlng of Oakland
and L. C. Cohen of Seattle.
Representatives from each city in
the league were on hand. Henry Har
ris and Theodore Goodman looked after
San Francisco's interests at the meet
ing. Mike Fisher represented Sacra
mento and Tacoma. J. Cal Ewing was
there for Oakland. James F. Morley
appeared for Los Angeles. Parke Wil
son and L. C. Cohen represented Seat
tle and Fred Ely and C. F. Sweigert
looked after Portland's interests. Sec
retary James Anderson and Eugene F.
Bert were' also among those on hand.
The first meeting of the baseball
magnates of the Pacific Coast Baseball
League was held last evening in the
offices of Eugene Bert on California
street. After a brief discussion, it was
unanimously agreed that the franchise
of the Sacramento club be transferred
to Tacoma. Officers were chosen for
the ensuing year and the magnates
then adjourned to meet again this aft
ernoon at 1 o'clock.
The Overdue List.
The rate of reinsurance on the Paris is
C^oted at 75 r<r cent and the Loch Dredan
etaii-J* at TO ner cent.
Eugene F. Bert Chosen Presi
dent of League to Succeed
the Veteran James F. Moran
FISHER TO MANAGE TEAM
The Umatilla arrived early yesterday
with a big cargo and nearly 200 pas
sengers.
With the assistance of confederates
a=hore or the he!:» of some civilian f<?l
low ras^enffer. C E. Hobbs, one of
thirty United States marines who left
Seattle for this nort on the steamship
1'matilla. deserted during the vessels
stay At Victoria. The marines had been
on duty at Bremerton. T.'ncle Sam has
plenty of work at present for this arm
of his fijrhling forces, and the utmost
care was taken at Victoria to prevent
any shrinkage at the foreign port of
the Bremerton detachment. Four armed
puards were stationed at the gangplank
and other sentries natroled the deck on
the shore «ide. In* spite of these pre
cautions, however. Hobbs walked
ashore clad in civilian parb, which he
obtained from nobody knows where.
The deserter was formerly In the Cana
dian mounted police. His absence was
discovered the following day, when
Purser Sargent tried to find an owner
for the can and white ploves the run
away marine had left behind him. One
of the guards remembers having seen
a passenger bearing a close resem
blance to Hobbs walk ashore, but on
account of his civilian clothes thought
the likeness only a coincidence until
Hobbs failed to answer to his name at
roll call.
terJay from Tacoma, brought about the blgr-
Eest rareo of lumber ever carried by a ves
sel or tier size. The 1-ihaina was sixteen
days vominjj down and reached port with every
Inch of the l.:n 8.000 reet of lumber with
which the started. •
One of a Detachment of United States Marines Coming Here
on the Umatilla From Bremerton Secures Civilian. Clothes
and Runs Gauntlet of Armed Men to Escape Further Service
Franchise of the Sacramento
Baseball Club Transferred
to the Northwestern City
ADMIT TACOMA
INTO THE FOLD
DESERTS THE COLORS WHILE
STEAMER LIES AT VICTORIA
•
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, ". JANUARY 3, 1904.
35
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
PHOTOGRAPH OP
BEAUTIFUL MISS MOISE
SEE THE FULL PAGE
THE GREAT POINTER "ODDSIDES."
A Sportsman's Feature jj. With The Sunday~CalT
AN IDEAL FIELD PICTURE J JANUARY 10th, 1904
y IN"
g^^EScw^ jjf^£j3»Bsfrs¥^rf^K'S^"^'»'VJvJ^3fcbfc^ ' '' •*--'- **J«> '*' ¦¦¦*.-'¦""¦-¦-¦--•"¦¦¦¦ '" ¦¦'*'* - : 'f ¦' ¦ ' ' ' '' A *¦*' ' ¦ ' ¦^^^9^^^^mf^^n^tm3^T^i^a^^i^^^^~^J^^^''^j^^-m
ffcjg^t ' +£' % J^yj^^Sw^M5WSy^r : y>^^^^- ¦ • :.::..; ¦;...-: : ; ¦¦',/¦¦ . > . >; ¦:- r '>'fi ?-\ "t^f ¦¦¦¦¦¦ * m^^d^^^^^^^Sw^^r'^^^f^r^^L^^^/^
BS^y^ M^^^^KwF^xTiffmm^^imW * ' J I '•.¦¦..* • • ¦ ,, * V- *^( K,y i ' • ' *. : *•* x-^'i^^KJn &9 y J . - y •?., „ .- j^tWgT^^^Y* 1^^.. <r A jr**?+. f^%^'Jhm
B^BBQ^flH^BH^fts^^^^lfiXnMl^a^S^nSTsIr ¦¦> ¦ ¦ A «•>•" ¦¦¦-¦¦ ~ . . ¦¦¦¦ ¦.-¦¦¦¦¦¦<¦¦ ¦¦ ¦. . '> ' . ¦•¦¦¦¦¦- 'S'-^zizst * • ¦ ¦'*''. : ¦ ¦¦ MJrf&.TK^f:- tf}*^J&b^^Z^9tpjit49&£dw£z$&'jBlj£UBfc&tVm\
hJs!2B^§&>5^^38^KHQBB' •f ;; s* \ i ¦'"'*>¦ - •¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦¦••¦¦¦ ¦¦¦¦*¦ ~ '¦¦¦'¦ v A 2f9tmRjl&rSs$ k ** f *< j MXSJxS^^^i^t7f^^jA^^79^f^f^sf3B^
pBgQW^^^3HK^ffijy3&'^^^%^?ft ¦¦*>¦¦'¦'* , :¦¦¦ y ¦¦¦¦'¦¦ : jfcwl "¦'¦' ¦ "**^* ' : ' & m*^&»''j&'*' k ''' ' '"' ' "'''' S^^^^^^^^^/^^^^^^^^^^^^^Sr^ ' *~ ""* 2
S'* Vm?mWXfc^riwL£~^Bm^^^ j ¦ • S ?g*>T^-^^Jr jftj W *.'¦'* MStm^dliiS^^ilf^^id/fh '"' -* '• '* **'** ' . ' ,*^^^**^ 0 '¦•*>• "' ' • ** :•>£
"POINTING."
In pursuance of its policy of furnishing its readers not. only all the
features tnat its contemporaries contain, but something more, The Call,
ever on the alert, has secured a series of art pictures of sporting and hunt-
ing scenes and will reproduce them as supplements of its Sunday Edition.
"Pointing" is from the brush of Osthaus, the justly famed painter
of sporting scenes, and this picture is a. most faithful portrayal of an
ideal pointer.
This subject had for its model the famous "Oddsides," a prize-winner
in over fifty bench shows in England and America.
rf The experts who have seen it, and dog fanciers are indeed critical,
pronounce "POINTING" to be a gem. Senter tersely describes "Oddsides"
. as one of the most strikingly beautiful dogs ever shown in this country, of
orange and white, having a beautifully shaped, strong, rugged, masculine
head, long, clear neck, deep chest and powerful back; loin and quarters
perfect, and legs and feet that were simply models.
The study in oil brings out every detail of a field scene with a good
dog pointing. ,
The open field and the exquisite coloring of the principal object make
this a picture that possesses merit of a high degree.
BE SURE TO GET THE NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
ALL NEWSDEALERS AND TRAIN NEWSBOYS SELL IT.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦ — - >
M YEARS A SPECIALIST 1
I IN THE TREATMENT OF g
I MEN'S I
1 DISEASES I
I] DR. 0. C. JOS L EN' |
1 1 The Leading Specialist H
I J ' There can be no comparison be- H
H tween the ability of the ordinary K
I j physician and that of the trained ci
I and scientific *peciaJlst. The for- pS
j " mtr. in trying to explore and con- Si
I " quer the whole field of medicine M
I 1 and furifr}', becomes proficient In ¥£
l-i no particular branch. The Utter |S
I i conscientiously confines himself to H
jj a single clacs of Ills- and masters B!
|J thf-m. I do not scatter my facui- li
¦U ties, but I concentrate them all on Eg
H diwases and weaknesses peculiar la
j j to the male. Rer^ntly I have f|
{ ( treated score* of Ftubborn ca»<** for Kj
j * i>oine of tho best men of San Kran- W
[ 1 clsco and vicinity, and not a fall- Lj
I 1 ure ncr an unpleasant result has V*
H be»-n reported. What I have done ft
j j for others I can do for you. I*
j I wait for my fee n
|i until you are well. b
I WEAKNESS I
m My tacce?s In curing those de- a
I J ra.r.ir,emenu. commonly termed \i
\ : ••v.eakn«t»i" T.as done more to »x- H
j i tend my reputation as a specialist Ej
I \ Jr. men's dieeafes than any other H
j } thing. I v*f> first to discover the M
II fact that ***¦"— *"*f" is merely a jl
{ ] tymptom resulting from a chruni. EC
I J ca'ly Inflamed protate gland, and f|
|i that to remove this inflammation is tl
H the only method of permanently re- £J
M Etotingr I»*t rfcar. To th!p day my fj
j x system of local treatment Is the f|
I j only successful one In line. In years fcj
I ! I have not failed to effect a com- fj
H p'.ete cure. This Is a statement W
I ; which cannot truthfully apply to t\
[j any other treatment b*lnjc em- H
M ployed In these case*. Of courye. Q
[ | theie Is e-.t occaricnal ease that hae K
f \ pawd into the Incurable etae*. K
Q and ih<sp I do net treat at all. My Vi
I : Iutu! experience enables me to rec- 13j
I 1 «ipnize them and to Btleft only such pi
{ | cases as I can cure permanently. Hi
U /•'/ fees are fair, end satis fac- H
H tor/ terms can be made to suit H
H each patient. M \
p I also cure n
|| Varlcosele, Fydrocele, pi
H Contrac ed Disorders, l|
ri Specific Blood Poison R
H and Reflex Ailments. H
I "Live all Your §
§ Years a Man" |
,1 My pamphlet. "LU-e All Tour Tears Ej
II a Man," will be mailed free upon re- F
1 1 quest. Consultation Is free, either in fc
' B. person or by mail. M
I DR. 0.1T70SLEN I
jl COR. MARKET AND KEARNT BTS. ||
tl PRIVATE ENTRANCE.- " £1
Jj 702 MARKET ST. MKNIGHTS VOF HdNOR.
San Francisco Lodge of the United
Moderns has elected the following
named as officers for the ensuing term:
Chancellor, T. G. Jury; regent, W. H*
Gibson; orator, Dr. "W. C. Bailey* re
corder, T. G. > Hodgkins (re-elected)
financier, J. H. Baker; guide, Mrs. L
Banks; trustees, Harr Wagner, Mrs!
G. M. Marron and E.- W. Jakobs. These
officers were installed January 2," when
Supreme Vice Chancellor E. M. Elliott
and Captain C. H. Robinson- of Denver
were in, this city. This lodge has Just
closed a' very ; t successful < • series of
pleasing entertainments/which have
been the means of adding to the mem
bership." -„!..,,;
UNITED MODERNS.
The recently elected officers of
George H. Thomas Post No. 2, Grand
Army of the Republic, will be installed
in public in Golden Gate Hall next
Tuesday evening by Past Post Com
mander F. F. Stone. The programme
of ceremonies U-ill include an overture
banging in of the colors by the post
guard and the singing of "The Star-
Banner," in which the au
bv n ™H U1 T^ pa , rt; J, i 1 terary "umber
by Nellie Holbrook Blinn and vocal
selections by Miss Helen Colburn
Heath, C. L. Goetting. C. L. Gage C
L. Parent and the California Quartet'
wJnv f l0se . of - the P r °srramme there
will be dancing. In which the audience
will tak« part.
Grand Army Post to Install.
During the latter part of December
Pickwick Lodge of the Sons of St.
George had a very pleasant party in
the banquet hall of the Red Men's
building, at which there were' present
nearly 300 ladies a'nd srentlemen.
Previous to dancing there was a pleas
ing programme of varied numbers
after an interesting address by G. W.
Pppe, chairman of the evening. Those
who contributed to the pleasure of the
audience were G. Pollet, Dr. A. E.
Sykes, Dr. H. D. Johnston, Gilbert W.
Pope, the lodge's singing club; Miss
Flossie Beuford. Mr. Riff er of Burn
aby Lodge, and Thomas Boole. During
the evening refreshments and a colla
tion were served.
Albion Lodge^ of Oakland has just
closed a most prosperous' year under
the direction, of the officers who re
cently retired. The new officers, under
the leadership of President Thomas
Booth, expect to make a record that
will excel that of their predecessors.
SONS OF ST. GEORGE.
ROME, Jan. 2.— An Italian servant
has just discovered in the archives of
Modena the complete Inventory of tha
wardrobe of Lucrecia Borgia. She had
fifty gowns of velvet brocade or satin.
One of her cloaks lined with ermine
was ornamented with flity-four rubles,
twenty-nine diamonds and 115 pearls!
Another cloak was embroidered with
1557 fine pearls, of which five were
large and 412 of medium size.
Borgia's Ricb Wardrobe.
The new lodge in Oakland proper will
be instituted by General Organizer H.
C. Lewis on January 6, with not less
than 100 charter members.
Oakland Lodge of the Fraternal
Brotherhood celebrated the advent of
the new year on the night of January
1 by a grand entertainment In its hall
in Oakland. There was a well-arranged
programme of entertainment and spe
cial music by the lodge's orchestra.
Columbia and Progress lodges each
had an individual Christmas tree party
in Its lodgeroom during the last week.
Each was a decided success and was
enjoyed by a large number of people.
Mission Lodge had a Christmastide
festival for its members and friends
last week, and on New Year's eve had
a watch night party to see the old year
out- and the new one In.
A movement has been started to have
a Joint public installation of the officers
of the six lodges of the Fraternal
Brotherhood of this city, the event to
be followed by either an entertainment
or a ball, or both. The matter will be"
decided during the current week.
THE FRATERNALS.
Mrs. George Gibbs wiy? hostess at a
large tea yesterday ir? honor of her
pastern guests, Mrs. T. S. Kane and
The spirit of the season was abroad
in the air and it was with a merry
welcome that 1904 made its presenta
tion to the gallant sons of the navy.
The following were a few of the cos
tumes worn: Miss Betty Moody, a
poppy girl, in brilliant red; Miss An
drews, daughter of Adjutant General
Andrews, as a peasant girl; Mrs. Har
lee, Dolly Varden; Mrs. B. H. Fuller,
Japanese lady; Mrs. F. A. Drake, co
lonial danie; Mrs. F. Gaines Roberts,
colonial lady; Mrs. R. M. Cutts Jr.,
court lady; Mrs. R. B. Chapman, Lit-^
tie Bo Peep; Mrs. J. T. Mljler, French
maid; Miss Marlon Brooks of San
Francisco, night; Miss Marie English
of Vallejo, schoolgirl; Miss Glennan,
evening dress; Miss Caroline McDou
gal, Italian peasant; Miss Grace Bol
lard, butterfly girl; Mrs. A. A- Mc-
Alister, Miss Williams and Miss
Edeline Tilley. in evening dress;
Mrs. B. F. Tilley, Spanish lady;
Mrs. F. B. Zahm, Carmen; Mrs.
F. A. Holmes, colonial dame; Miss
Coleman of San Francisco, blue
domino; Miss Lucy Coleman, flag of
all nations; Miss Christine Pomeroy,
maid; Mrs. A- F. Dixon, domino; Mrs.
John A. W. Dixon, milkmaid; Mrs.
Bowman of San Francisco, domino;
Miss Louise Menefee, baby; Mrs. C. B.
T. Moore, colonial dame; Mrs. J. E.
Palmer of San Francisco, Filipino
lady.
The men included Captain B. F. Til
ley, Captain F. A. Drake, Commander
A. F. Dixon, Commander C. B. T.
Moore; Major T. C. Prince, U. 8. N.;
Mr. Van Winkle of San Francisco, Dr.
M. K. Elmer of the San Francisco
naval training station, Carl Howard of
San Francisco: Albert Hawke, naval
constructor; F. B. Zahm, Mr. Capen,
John A. W. Dixon, Assistant Naval
Constructor T. G. Roberts, Paymaster
M. R. Goldsborough of the Independ
ence. Paymaster Bloomer of the Inde
pendence; Lieutenant Giles Bishop Jr.
U. S. M. C; Civil Engineer Rousseau,
Ensign W. W. Galbraith of the Inde
pendence: Major B. H. Fuller, U. S. M
C: Dr. J. T. Miller, Dr. R. B. Chap
man. Chaplain A. A. McAlister; Lieu- j
tenant B. B. Woog, U. S. M. C; Lieu- •
tenant Commander William Truxtun of !
the Independence, Medical Director
Waggener, Lieutenant F. C. Lander of
the Independence, Paymaster John Ir
win. Lieutenant Harlee. . Lieutenant
Prltchett, Howard. McCrea of Vallejo,
Carl Moore and Thomas Halnes.
A huge fir tree, breathing sweetly
of the forest, stood in the center of the
hall, its branches bearing little lights
of brilliant colors.
The costumes worn were of varied
character. And the men. they were,
too, en masque; some of them had
\\Tapped their rotund figures in the
secretive folds of dominos, but most
of them were garbed in fantastic dress.
The fancy dress ball given by officers
and ladles at Mare Island on New
Year's eve was one that will linger
long in the memory as a triumph of
naval hospitality.
Famed over the country for its
geniality, the station well sustained its
reputation ' for cleverness and merri
ment.
In the early part of December Nez
Perces Tribe adopted -thirty palefaces
in its wigwam on Polk street, near
Sacramento.
Past Sachem F. V. Bell of Nez Perces
Tribe has been appointed to revise the
laws of the order and submit the same
to the next Great Council of California
The recently chosen chiefs of Dolanio
Tribe of San Mateowill be raised up
January 15, after which there will be a
feast of corn and venison In the lone
hall of the tribe. •
Altahomas Tribe has on foot a prop
osition to have a number of attractive
features in the council room during the
current year that will have for their
purpose to make. the meeting place one
Kit the most pleasant In this section of
the reservation.
There was a grand masked ball in
San Jose on New Tear's eve under the
auspices of Ouray Tribe. On January
16 this tribe will adopt a class of 100
palefaces. The chiefs degree will be
conferred by a team from San Fran-
Cisco. It is expected that a number of
palefaces secured for Manhattan Tribe
of San Jose and Navajo Tribe of Santa
Clara will be adopted at the same time.
Seme. time ago Great Chief of Records
Bliss offered a diploma to such chief 3
of Monadnock Tribe as for a period
of four successive months .would at
tend every council or the tribe. The
winners are: T. W. Robinson, sachem;
E. A. Bernard, senior sagamore; E.
Himes, keeper of wampum; C. Chap
man, first, and J.- P. • McRome, second
sannap; C. Welsh. : M. ' Charts and G.
Myers, warriors, and G. Myers, first
brave.
Great Chief of Records Bliss was in
Chico last week, where he instituted
a new tribe with eighty charter mem
bers. The degrees were conferred by a
team from Sacramento.
The tritw and council of Petaluma
will have a joint raising up 'of chiefs
on January 7.
A letter from Great Representative
Lastreto, dated San Jaclnto, is to the
effect that a four weeks' stay at that
place has been of benefit to him and
that he will return to Los Angeles.
THE RED MEN.
The following toasts were-responded
to: "Normal Training." Louise Lisbon;
"The Rural Schools," Miss Doolan;
"The San Francisco Girls," Mary C.
O'Conqell; "The Bulletins," Eleanor
Sampson; "The New Building," Etta
Tessmer; "The Successful Teacher."
Miss E. McGowan; "The Honorary
Diploma," Martha Smith. Miss Anita
Sullivan was toastmaster.
The room was prettily decorated.
Several of the prominent educators
present made speeches and a school
quartet, composed of Lou Geary, Nina
1 The alumni of the San Francisco
Normal School gave a banquet yester
day in honor of the taking Into. their
fold of the twelve graduates of
the Normal School. The affair was
held in the school building on Powell
street, between Sacramento and Clay.
There was a large crowd present
and a very enjoyable afternoon was
spent. Many prominent educators
were present. Among them were
Judge Denson, G. \V. DInkelspeil, F.
W. Marston of the faculty, President
Woodward and Director Cecil Mark of
the City Board of Education; J. W.
McClymonds, Superintendent of the
Alameda County Public Schools; Su
perintendents Waterman of Berkeley
and- Moore of Alameda, Superintend
ents Davidson of Marin pounty and Van
Liew of the Chico State Normal
School and Miss Coulter of Sonoma.
An interesting programme was ren
dered. Solos were given by Miss Nina
Monaco and Miss Lou Geary. Miss
Geary sang "Noel." Several college
songs' were given by the alumni, under
the direction of Cecil Mark*. Miss
Bertha E. Roberts acted as accom
panist.
San Francisco Normal School Grad
uates Entertain Recent Winners of
Diplomas nnd Educators.
Monaco. E. Harrison and Bertha Rob
erts, sang some pretty songs.
NAVAL AFFAIR
ON NEW YEAR'S
EVE A SUCCESS
Lieutenant Victor C. Lewis, artillery
corps, has sent out Invitations for a'
leap year high tea on January 10, be-'
tween the hours of 5 and 7 o'clock.'
Lieutenant Lewis will be assisted in re
ceiving by a number of the most podu- !
lar young officers at the post. 1
Lieutenant Arthur MacArthtir Jr., \J.
S. N., stationed at Mare Island, Is
spending several days at Fort Mason,
the guest of his father. General Macs
Arthur.
Miss Stella Kane. Several hundred In
vitations had been issued, and Judging
from the unceasing string of callers not
many regrets were sent. Miss Kane ia
a striking girl and has won many
friends here, although her visit has
been of short duration. The following
ladies assisted in receiving: Mrs. Kane,
and Miss Stella Kane, Mrs. Daniel Hlg
bee Kane, Mrs. Andrews, Mra. Law
rence Poole, Mrs. Willard DTOwn, Mrs.
Ferdinand Stephenson. Mrs. Heyne
man, Mrs. T. Danforth* Boardman, Miss
Drown, Miss Newell Drown, Miss Lin
da Cadwalader, Miss Emily Wilson,,
Miss Andrew^ Miss Helen Bailey, the 1
Misses Gibbs, the Misses Rodgera. Miss
Suzanne Blanding, Miss Marie Louise
Parrott and Miss Kathertne Selfridge.
AL.U3IXI BANQUET TI1E >
RECRUITS TO THEIR RANKS
"This will be a gala night by Califor
nia Camp, with talent from all parts of
the world— Indians from Indianville,
cannibals from Cannibalville, oysters
from Oysterville, turkey from Turkey
vine, decorations from Decorationville
dancers from Danceville and souvenirs
from Souvenirville. You will see 1000
Falkenbergs, a profusion of flags and
flowers and a great tableau."
The ladles of California Circle of the
Women of Woodcraft will assist the
camp in making the reception one that
will shine brightly on a page of the an
nals of Woodcraft in this city.
The committee, which has had charge
of several functions which have b*en
conducted in a manner that show that
it is a first-class and liberal entertain
er, has issued special invitations to
Governor Pardee, Mayor Schmitz, the
head camp officers at Denver, Colo.,
and a few other prominent persons,
that, in the language of Captain Cut
tle, "is an hinvitation as is an hlnvita
tion. * These invitations are on heavy
calendered paper, twenty-nine inches
long by twenty-two wide. On the face
is the name of the party invited, en
grossed in script; then a portrait of
"Falky, the grand old man of Wood
craft"; a vignette and side sketch rep
resentative of the State, and under the
words of invitation there is a large
bear and the camp's cry, "Watch Cali
fornia No. 634 Grow." It is not only
unique, but artistic. The programme
that Is to be presented that night will
commence at S o'clock, and It is expect
ed will last until "3 g. m."
Redwood Camp and Haven Circle
have made arrangements to give the
head consul a Joint reception in the
assembly hall of the Pioneer building
on the evening of Thursday. January
7. There is to be a pleasing programme
an address by the guest of the evening
and then dancing. The affair is being
arranged by J. w. Mitchell, J. N. Bar
cell, J. M. Hanlahan. F. A. Miller J D
Ellis and C. H. Stocks. ' ' '
The members of California Camp of
the Woodmen of the World propose to
give Head Consul F. A. Falkenberg, the
supreme head of the organization, a re
ception on the evening of January 6 in
Lyric Hall, on Eddy street, such as he
never before has received in any of the
camps in San Francisco. The commit
tee having the matter in charge, com
posed of Laurance Vincent, "The
Prince": Joseph A. Wilson, Leo de Car
dona. E. B. McManus, G. "W. Baltic,
Charles Goldberg and D. L. Mayers, an
nounces as follows:
California Camp, Woodmen of the
World, Plans to Receive "Grand
Old 3Ian" of Woodcraft.
GALA XIGHT ARRANGED
FOK THE HEAD CONSUL
Police Officer Joseph Feld, who is un
der arrest on a charge of murdering his
father-in-law and who Is being sued
for divorce by Alice- Feld,, will have to
pay her alimony. Judge Sloss has made
an order allowing her $25 a month.
Judge Sloss* also madft'an- order al
lowing T. Maybelle Dum $50 a month
alimony and $50 counsel fees. She Is
suing George Dum for divorce. It is a
contested case.
Charlotte M. Kavanjvgh, who in a
cross-complaint for divorce filed by Po
lice Officer James H. Kavanagh to her
suit for divorce is accused of being a
cruel wife, has petitioned for an order
compelling her husband to supply her
counsel fees. N
The young couple reached Berlin in
proper time and Rosenberg commenced
his musical studies. On the 1st of Sep
tember he received the promised $50
from Mrs. Goldberg, and again on Octo
ber 1 he received a check for a similar
amount from her. That was all he did
receive, he now complains, and he al
leges that because of Mrs. Goldberg's
failure to provide him with means he
was compelled to stoop to all sorts of
work to earn sustenance for himself
and wife and to pay the cost of his
musical- education.
He took his wffe to her parents' home
in Warsaw and left her there, and re
turned to this country. He told his
parents of his marriage, and they im
mediately filed a suit to have it an
nulled on the ground that as at the
time it was performed their son was a
minor and had not obtained their con
sent it was not binding. The suit was
bitterly fought by the young wife, but
the young musician proved his case
and was by Judge Seawell restored to
the status of a single person.
M. Rosenberg, a young musician of
some" local fame and who recently ac
quired notoriety by reason of his suc
cessful appeal to the courts to have his
marriage to Bertha Rotenberg an
nulled, is again to the fore with a suit.
Now he wants damages in the sum of
551,300 from Emily Goldberg, who he
claims is responsible for his unhappy
matrimonial experience and consequent
mental suffering. He filed the suit yes
terday.
In his complaint young Rosenberg
alleges that he never would have
thought of taking unto himself a wife
but for Mrs. Goldberg. He says that
when he was but little more than 19
years of age she promised him that in
the event of his marriage to Miss Ro
tenberg, her niece, she would send him
to Europe to complete his musical edu
cation; would, once he was married,
pay him $50 a month for a period of
seven yt^rs and would make him her
heir. She is a woman of means, says
the plaintiff, and he placed so much
reliance on her word that he agreed to
become a benedict and make Miss Ro
tenberg his wife. The marriage took
place at San Jose. August 21, 1900, and
the next day Rosenberg and his young
wife started for Germany. Mrs. Gold
berg supplied the means to pay their
passage, and also gave him a $100 bill
to defray the cost of incidentals on the
trip.
As was published yesterday, Mrs.
Colt's departure for the East was
secretly arranged. She even took the
precaution to conceal her plans from
her most intimate friends and even
the attaches of the Palace were not
certain yesterday that she had left this
city. Early in. the day a detective
called at Mrs. Colt's apartments, where
a maid had been left in charge, and
was informed by the latter that her
mistress was still too ill to see any one.'
The detective, however, insisted that
he was there to confirm the report
that Mrs. Coit had left the city and
finally the maid admitted that her mis
tress was not in. Later this maid sud
denly departed and then It became
known that Mrs. Coit was awaiting her
at Reno.
In preparing to leave the city Mrs.
Coit was careful to conceal her des
tination by buying a local ticket to
Reno. Her maid was instructed to
purchase through tickets and follow
h,er mistress eastward, which she did
yesterday. ¦ ¦ .
Assistant District Attorney Ferral
objected to so long a continuance, as It
was of the utmost importance that the
case be set for trial as speedily as pos
sible so as to get the witnesses within
the jurisdiction of the court. The Judge
finally continued the case until to-mor
row, when it is expected an attorney
will be appointed by the Judge to rep
resent the defendant during the ar
raignment.
• In speaking of Mrs. Hitchcock-Coit'e
disappearance. District Attorney By
ington said:
"She testified in the Police Court
arid signed the recognizance, thereby
binding herself in $500 bonds to ap
pear as a witness at the trial in the
Superior Court. Of course, that is only
a personal bond. We were led to be
lieve implicitly that she .would be
present at the trial and if she is on
her way to Paris I cannot understand
why she should be guilty of such an
act of deception. We could not, of
course, bring her back unless we could
charge her with some crime. That is
a matter for after consideration. Her
evidence given at the preliminary ex
amination in the Police Court can, of
course, be read at the trial, but we
want her here if possible."
CONCEALS HER PLANS.
CASE IS CONTINUED.
The question that worries the District
Attorney and police is her ultimate des
tination. If she is on her way to Paris
there can be no hope of her appearing
as a witness at the trial of Alexander
K. Gornett, charged with the murder of
Major J. W. McClung in her apartments
at the Talace Hotel. There is a glim
mer of hope entertained by the District
Attorney that as she has some prop
erty interests in the Southern States
she may go there, with the intention
of returning in time for the trial.
Garnett's case was called in Judge
Lawlor's court yesterday for the ar
raignment o'f the defendant. He was
not represented by counsel, and he
asked the Judge to postpone his ar
raignment for one week, as he expected
an attorney from the East to look after
his interests' at the trial.
The disappearance of Mrs. Lillian
Hitchcock-Coit, as told exclusively in
yesterday's Call, caused consternation
in the District Attorney's oftlce and in
l-olict; circles. District Attorney Byingr
tcn consulted with Captain Martin, who
ck-tailcd Detective Rvan to make an in
vestigation. Ryan soon discovered that
Mrs. Coit had left on Friday morning's
overland train for New York.
Accuses Mrs. Goldberg of Break
ings Her promise to Supply
Dowry and Means of Support
HE WEDDED FOR MONEY
31issing Witness Buys Local
Ticket to Reno, Where She
Awaits Arrival of Servant
MAID FOLLOWS MISTRESS
M. Kosenberg, a Young: Musi
cian, Sues Aunt of Former
Spouse for Heavy Damages
31>.V: Cause Her Apprehension
and Bring; Her Back to Tes
tify at the Garnett Trial
WANT FOLLOWS
HIS MARRIAGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. JANUARY 3, 1904.
If you are going to marry for money
the older and : feebler h.e Is the better
—The Lady Who Did.
The officers of. Terba Buena Lodge
will be Installed on the night of Janu
ary 11, after which there will be an in
vitational installation banaue/
The report for December from the
supreme office shows that during: that
month, there were 115 deaths reported,
and that before the close of the month
all but thirteen had been proved and
paid and the others would be ; before
the end of the. first ¦week. in January.
There will remain after the payment
of these a surplus of $222,000, the larg
est in many years, ttr ¦ pay the next
month's obligations.. Seven? of the
deaths occurred in California.
POLICE SEARCH
FOR MRS. COIT
36
SWORN STATEMENT.
THE CO.VDITIOX AICD VALUE ON DECEM-
i;un 31. 1003. OF THE
Assets and Liabilities
SIFM1ISC0
SMIISIIi
¦ A CORPORATION
Dels? Business at
532 California Street
K. E. Corner of Webb Street.
CTTT AND COUNTY OF SAX FRANCISCO.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
ASSETS.
1. Lotr.s on Real Estate—
Serared by first Hen oa
properties ia the State of
California *...-. $12. 850.423. 67
2. Lrctr.s oa Bonds and Stocks... 2,079, 103.34
8. United States Bonds and
Bead* aad Stocks or munici-
pal. Quatl-publlc and Infiue-
trial corporations 17.S12.296. 70
4. Back Premises 350,000.00
5. Other Real Estate In the
-'¦ Etate of California 870,568.42
«. Furniture aad Fixtures 2,000.00
7. Caen (la Vault and la Bask).. 1.8S6. 745.54
Total AsaeU $35,481,227.73
LIABILITIES.
L Capital— Paid cp f 1,000,000.00
2. Reserve and Co&tiscent Funds 893,518.57
3. Due Depositors 33,232,907.77
•4. Dividends Usdisbursc-d ...... 6.0S4.92
S. g Sundry Accounts " In Adjust-
ment 298,492.03
C. Geseral Tax Account. Bal-
ance usiieburted 4S.S44.4l
Total Inabilities *35.4S1,227.73
San Francicco. January 2, 1904.
EAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION.
(Sixaed.) E. B. POXD. President.
(Signed.) IX3VEU, WHITE. Cashier.
¦.
State of California. > '¦¦
City aad County of fiaa Fraaetsco. J
2 B. B. Poad and Lovell White, being each
separately, and duly sworn each for himself,
eays: That eaid E. D. Pond is President, and
said LovcU White is Cashier of the San Fran-
cisco Savlnrs Union, the corporation above
mentioned, and the the forecolax «tatement is
itrne.
(Signed.) E. B. POXD.
(Sissed.) LOVELL WHITE.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 2d
day of January. A. D. lopi.
CEIrned.) JAMES U. ELLIS.
Notary Public. In and for the City and Coun-
ty of San Francisco. State of California.
- . .
WeeHy Gall SLOOjerYear
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IS YOUR FACE UNWOMANLY?
Have you dark shadows on your lips, cheek,
chtn or person? If you have. B. B. B. English
Caramel is Just what you want. " B "
It removes and cures this unfortunate blem-
ish .
¦ After on© application your face will be as
free from hair as the palm of your hand. '
• B .\ B : B * Ed « Us1 » Caramel is Indorsed by the
medical profession, and has had twenty years
or successful practice In . England and on the
Continent. It 1b. in fact, the only satisfactory
eradlcator of superfluous hair known to sclenc/
Kllte Skin Food-Remove, a u blemishes and
roughnc9«: makes the complexion perfect; keeps
the skin clear, soft and smooth "
The Ellto Blackhead Eradlcator— Permanent-
ly rtmoves blackhead* and reduces the pores
Ox tec sKln. - .
Elite Face Powder— Chemically pure; a pre-
ventive of superfluous hair ¦-
.n^r^vl- F ? t c « B'"ch-lFor removing tan
and freckles. It has no equal.
¦ Prompt attention to mall orders with stamps.
Elite Dermatology Institute,
«38 Market St.. San Francisco.
ADVEBTiSE&rEyTs.; _;^^-J: rr^_ rr
Dry Goods Company-
Semiannual Linen
QAMPIP QnU
jLJr&lia<5 IL/JL/ lJIlLI\j
Having been successful in '
¥ /TkiPC* securing the sample tablecloths
a 1 1 I 1 s * 2es up to *^~*^' sample
sJ\j R tJr napkins in sizes 5-8, 24 and 27
inches, of the following well-
known Irish and Scotch linen
i^FJ manufacturers,
Richardson Sons & Owdin
Belfast
LINEN Erskine S: Bevcridge
Dunfermline
CY ATHC Shields & Company
and- a full line of sample cloths
and a few napkins from the cele*
A MFh bra ted house of
Alii/ John S. Brown & Sons
Belfast
\T k IM/UATC wc w^ ace ese c k°* ce goods
1 \ rk a il 1 1 1 S u P° n our counters at
Importation Cost
ACCUMULATIONS
Remnants of Table Linens, Table Cloths and Hem-
stitched Tray Covers, richly embroidered Tray Cloths
and Runners, embroidered Bed Spreads, odd embroidered
Sheets, Pillow Slips and Shams and fine embroidered
Towels at
Less Than Importation Cost
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
Gtirj and Stockton Streets, Union Squara.
CHOOSING. A V WIFE BY
HER. NOSE
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
SEE THE PICTURES
NEWMAN & LEVINSON. ' '
— — ©VMJwWJ^ ==
Kearny and Sutter Sts.
Sale of Ladies' Muslin Underwear
. (Third Floor Kearny Street)
There'll be great enthusiasm to-morrow at the Undermuslin Sale. It's our ninth semi-annual
event. Artistic undergarments of muslin, nainsook and long cloth, daintily trimmed with embroi-
deries and laces are in this offering. It is a sale that will interest thousands, as our previous
Muslin Underwear sales have done — because we offer nothing but the choicest and most perfect
MUSLIN NIGHTGOWNS DAINTY CORSET COVERS
At 45c 60c, 75c, 85c, $1.00, $1.10 and $1.25 At 20c, 25c, 35c, 55c, 65c, 90c and- up to $2.35
FINE NAINSOOK GOWNS SOME PRETTY CHEMISES '
At $1.50, $2.00, $2.35, $2.75, $3.00 and up to $6.00 At 45c, 65c, 85c, $1.00, $1.25 and up to $3.35
BEST" MUSLIN DRAWERS CHOICE MUSLIN SKIRTS
At 25c, 40c, 50c, 65c, 75c, 85c and as high as $2.45 At 90c, $1.00, $1.15, SI. 35, $1.65 an. J as high as 1 3.00
The above goods are now on display in our show windows.
Special Sale of Changeable Taffeta Silks
Regular $1.00 Silks at 65c per Yard (ZSgZO
Imported Glace Changeable Taffetas. A recent fortunate purchase of more than 12000 yards
of these fashionable silks go on sale Monday — comprising 40 different colorings in the most
exquisite shadings. They are entirely new, the kind predicted by Parisian authorities on fashions
to be in vogue next season for Suits, Waists, Petticoats, etc. We have never offered a (JC P
handsomer lot of goods and we urge you to come early, as they are regular $1.00 QQu
Silks for \ • Per Yard
Embroideries, Very Low Priced (V£j?g)
On Special Sale to-morrow. Hundreds of yards of Cambric and Nainsook Embroideries in broken
sets. These are marked at less than half their original prices. Excellent patterns in edgings and
insertings are included in this offer — all choice, seasonable goods and in perfect condition. The
prices will be ;
EMBROIDERIES. SOLD REGULARLY AT 20c per yard, REDUCED TO 5c
EMBROIDERIES, SOLD REGULARLY AT 25c per yard, REDUCED TO 10c
EMBROIDERIES, SOLD REGULARLY AT 30c per yard, REDUCED TO 15c
EMBROIDERIES, SOLD REGULARLY AT 45c per yard, REDUCED TO 20c
EMBROIDERIES, SOLD R # EGULARLY AT 65c per yard, REDUCED TO 25c
, Madras Curtains and Draperies (i^sso
A great Curtain purchase enables us to give our Imported Tapestries, « Inches wide, In the choicest
customers an opportunity hitherto unequaled. Fine , of Oriental and floral designs; also self colors in blue
Madras Curtains in Arabian ground with pretty cross and green — suitable for portieres, lounge covers, cphol-
stripes in blue, green and red— size 45 inches wide and stery purposes, etc. If bought in the regular way these
3 yards long— worth regularly $2.00 per pair; ** - ft handsome Tapestries, could not be sold for less z -
on sale to-morrow at.. $1.DU than 85c a yard; sale price 65C
Unusual Offers in Art Linens esss/so
Tray Cloths of pure linen satin damask, with hem- Scarfs and Squares, made of finest quality sheer
stitched borders, in pretty openwork and figured designs linen, hemstitched borders and two rows of insertion
— size 18x27 inches — worth regularly 409 special with pretty openwork braid effects — scarfs are <*«
price to-morrow, while they last at, each ZoL 18x54 inches, squares 32 inches; price for each $1 .00
Exceptional Values in (g2$S) Exceptional Values in (p5X0
Plain and Fancy Ribbons Belts and Belt Buckles
All SHk Taffeta Ribbons, y$i inches wide, fine qual-. A special purchase of Gilt Belt Buckles, in new shapes
ity, in white, cream, rose, pink, blue, lilac, and effects, several dainty designs— Buckles
maise, nlle, cardinal, turquelse and black; spe- 4 - worth regularly 50c each, on sale to-morrow ,--
cial per yard.... IOC at 25C
Fancy Satin Taffeta and Double Faced Liberty Black Silk Belts, finely tailor made of best quality Loui-
Ribbons, with embroidered dots, .in tho latest sine silk, with black buckles, front and back — z _
shades; real values 65c yard, sale price tOC very stylish and splendid value at.. OUC
Mail Orders Receive Prompt Attention. Samples Sent to Any Address..
| PUCE YOUa 1 OBOEHS EARLY 1 J
p20Jh CENTURY)
I COOK BOOK p
Another shipment will
arrive about January 21 '
1904. :
j In order to satisfy tho
demand for this premium *
we have ordered another ;
carload of these books, j
and all persona sending to :
The Cook Book Depart-
ment of this paper a atx
months' subscription to
Tlie Daily and Sunday \
Call may secure one of the !
Twentieth Century Cook :
Books at the premium i
. rate of 50c. i
IOii-of-jowa subscriber j «hoa!d remit t
20c addiibnal to prspaj transportation I
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
28-29. with the electric needle without pain w
scar; permanency guarante»U;hours 1 to 4 p.m-The truest homes are often in
houses not especially well kept, where
the comfort and happiness of the in
mates, rather than extreme tidiness
and the preservation of the furniture,
are first consulted. The object, of the
home is to be the center, the pivot on
which the family life turns. The first
requisite is to make it so attractive
that none of its members shall care
to linger long outside its limits. All
legitimate means should be employed
to this end and no effort spared that
c«n contribute to this purpose. There
are many houses called homes, kept
with such waxy neatness by pains
taking, anxious women, that are so
oppressive In their nicety as to ex
cludo all home feeling: from their
spotless precincts. The very name of
home is synonymous with personal
freedom and relaxation trom care;
solid comfort.
But neither of these can be felt
where such a mania for external
cleanliness pervades the household as
to render everything subservient
thereto. Many housewives, if they
see a speck on the floor or wall, or a
bit of thread or paper on the floor,
rush at it as 1 if' It were the seed of
pestilence, which must be removed on
the" instant. Their temper depends
upon their maintenance of N perfect
purity and order. If there be any
failure on their part or any combina
tion of circumstances against them
they fall into a pathetic despair and
can hardly be lifted out. They do not
see that cheerfulness is more needed
at home than all the spotlessness that
ever shone. Neatness is one thing and
a state of perpetual housecleaning quite
another.
Out of this grows by degrees the
feeling that certain things and apart
ments are too Erood for daily use.
Hence chairs and sofas are covered
and rooms shut up, save for special
occasions, when they are permitted to
reveal their violated sacredness In a
Mistake of Women \Vlio Are Always
Cleaning 1 and Fight
ing the Dust
THE TRUE OBJECT OF
OXE'S O\VX HOME
Th* foliQuJnc table cive* a eomparmtlv*
«t*t«nent for two years cf the estimated flow
cf certain California rivers In cubic feet per
tecor.d. or eecond feet, one fcecond foot equal
lOC 60 California rnlr,er'« !nche«. or about 40
Colorado miner's Inches. The figures for th«
la«=t year may be revised by later measure
ments The future are by S. G. Bennett,
hydrorrapher. United States Geological Survey:
TXOLUMNK RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
Second Feet.
DATE. —
1902. 1003.
T>«»cerr.Vv r 20 WO 2^0
nectmber 21 4S0 200
D«-c<-inber 22 !W» 200
Dpcember 23 «5O 2i«i
Decembt-r »-4 O."iO 250
December 25 C50 -00
Pocember 20 1 750 300
FACRAMEXTO RIVER AT IRON CANTON.
I Second Fe«t.
DATE.
j 1902. 1003.
December 20 1 11,4:50 I 25,740
l>.<»mber 21 1 11.110 I l«.7'J0
December 22 ! 10.7»'> j 15.9t:0
December '2'.'. 13.110 I 13.S00
December 24 13.110 13,110
December 23 irt.110 | 11.750
Peewnber 20 37.1M) | n.uo
KINGS KIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
Second Feet.
DATE.
1902. 190.J.
D<>r<Trib<>r 20 4*0 2S5
l>eo,rr.l*T 21 480 285
Dectnber 22 440 2M
December 23 4*0 2S3
Dfcfmbcr 24 440 2ST.
Dt-cr-mb*>r 2T> 480 ' 283
l>e<vTr.h>T -Hi 440 285
TtXE RIVER. NEAR PORTERVILLE.
Second Feet.
DATE.
1332. 1903.
i>eceml>er 20 W5 30
1 )«• cember 21 55 SO
December 22 -Ci 30
Dt-c*mber 23 M 30
December 24 51 30
December 25 T»4 20
Uecrmber 20 51 20
FLOW OF CALIFORNIA RIVERS
Home Is not a name, nor a form,
nor a routine. It is a spirit, a pres
ence, a principle. Material and meth
od will not and cannot make it. It
must get its light and sweetness from
those who inhabit it, from flowers and
sunshine, from the sympathetic na
tures which, in their exercise of sym
pathy, can lay aside the tyranny of
the broom and the awful duty of end
less scrubbing.
manner that mars every pretense of
hospitality. Nothing should be
bought which is considered too fine
for the fullest domestic appropria
tion. Far better is the plainest fur
niture, on which the children can
climb, than satin and damask, which
must be viewed with reverence.
When anything is reserved or se
cluded ¦ to disguise the fact is ex
tremely difficult. A chilly air wraps
it round and the repulsion of strange
ness is experienced by the most insen
sible.
Charles Landau, a saloon-keeper on
Pacific street, lost some of his "glad
rags" on the opening night of the new
year. Policeman Joy found Al Des
teral coming from Landau's room with
a sunset shirt, a waistcoat that looked
like an explosion in a paint shop and
a pair of trousers that added another
hue unto the rainbow. Before Judge
John Collins is a man with a wooden
leg-, who makes his condition a means
of getting a livelihood by begging. ' In
addition to the "bum pin" Collins pos
sesses a terrible temper. When he
accosts a passerby and is refused alms
he clings to him like a pup to a bone
and uses expressions that are entirely
barred in clubdom. To-morrow Judge
Mogan will send him to the County
Jail, where they will take his wooden
leg away from him when he attempts
rough work.
Henry Rice, however, was so over
come with the fighting spirit that he
used a tin horn in one hand and a
balloon in the other.. That was where
the fun stopped.^ He walked up to
Policeman Wheltoh on the corner of
Market and Powell streets and forgot
what hand he was dealing out. He
hit the policeman on . the nose with
a tin horn and was promptly dragged
to the gutter, bundled into a patrol
wagon and sent to jail. It was rather
fortunate that he did not make his
mistake with some of the laughing
women on Market street or he might
have decorated an electric light pole.
Judge Mogan, who likes fun but
abhors "strong arm" work, took the
case under advisement. On Monday
he will deliver his opinion as to
whether it was really meant for a
right hand or a left hand blow.
Only one case of battery as a re
sult of the New Year carnival appear
ed in the Police courts. Legally there
must have been about eighteen mil
lion in a small way, because a shoe
firm got out a new device which look
ed formidable, but was really so
harmless that the roisterers on the
street did not hesitate to slap the
face of every pretty woman they met
with it.
Ah I>e is a Chinese' cigar merchant,
and his ways are peculiar but not
vain. He hired two little boys of Ital
ian origin, who were witnesses against
him on the charge of receiving stolen
property. They told Judge Mogan yes
terday that Ah Lee had induced them
to steal a large quantity of twine from
the Van Laak Manufacturing Com
pany, on Mission street. The China
man claims to be a graduate of Yale
and speaks excellent English. Judge
Mogan held him to appear before the
Superior Court in bail of $1000 on the
charge of receiving stolen property.
Thomas Lanigan tried to help a
friend out Saturday night and fell into
the path of trouble. friend had
dined at a restaurant at 1205 Stockton
street. The napkin had a stain on it,
and the friend made a rough house.
Subsequently he found Lanigan and
tcld htm his troubles. Gallant Lanigan
went to the restaurant to make a Rus
sian settlement of the difficulty. He
was met by Ben Widrom, a waiter, and
received certain attentions from him in
the way of being battered on the head
with a disused chair leg.
Widrom, the waiter, was before Judge
Cabaniss yesterday and the case was
fully discussed. It was finally contin
ued until to-morrow, when a dismissal
probably will be ordered.
Every attempt on the part of the de-,
fense was met with a parry, and in the
end Miss Naylor. was held in $1000 bonds
to appear before the Superior Court.
Nels Larsen is one of the most posi
tive witnesses that ever made a turn in
the road. He has been prosecuting
Agnes Naylor in Judge Cabaniss' court
on the charge of attempted robbery.
In addition he charged Frank West
with the.same crime. West proved an
alibi, which Sammy "Weller suggested
as the best means for defense to Mr.
Pickwick.
Three witnesses were ordered into
custody by Judge Mogan yesterday in
connection with the stabbing Friday
night at the Sailor's Home, when
Thomas Turner attempted to cut the
spareribs out of a fellow boarder. The
court received word that . the victim
would probably not survive his in
juries. The witnesses were sailors and
the paths of the seas are wide, so as
a matter of protection to justice the
men who saw the occurrence were
held securely, in order that a murder
charge may' not lack evidence.
Hugo. Schlam was dismissed on the
charge of felony embezzlement by
Judge Mogan yesterday. Originally
he was arrested on the complaint of
School Director Roncovleri. The
School Director claimed that in a mo
ment of melody he had indited cer
tain strenuous measures in the way
of a march, which he entitled "Pro
Patria." The result of his efforts put
Wagner in the 2:36 class.
After he had evolved this last pro
duction he claims he turned the score
over to Schlam for transposition.
Schlam, he said, held out the tuneful
melody and claimed it for his own.
There was ample testimony before the
court that the defendant had aided in
the wonderful' production, which was
valued at 5250. This should bar the
common expression that something
"sold for a songr."
Judge Mogan ordered his bailiff to
make a careful search of the court
room for a piano in order to deter
mine with his trained ear whether the
march was Italian or German, but
they failed to find one. . Bailiff Hick
ey even went so far as to examine the
vest pockets of a "hop fiend" in his
quest for the desired instrument.
There could be no determination
made of the question of ownership in
a police court, so the court wearily
advised the complainant to search for
a remedy in the civil courts. In the
meantime he ordered that the forty
eight sheets of exquisite and stirring
music be held in the possession of the
property clerk until a determination
was made. Property Clerk Bill Din
an may take up the study of music
on the strength of his new posses
sion.
Fritz yesterday Desteral told that he
was formerly a soldier and had passed
almost all of his enlistment as a
prisoner on Alcatraz Island. He was
charged with burglary and given one
week to secure counsel and prepare hi3
defense. .
School Director Asks Judge.Mogan to Force Hugo Schlam
to Disgorge a Bit of Melody Called "Pro. Patria"—Only
One New Year Disturbance Appears in Police Court
RONCOVIERI IS AFTER
HIS LAST PRODUCTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 3, 190*.
37
APVXBnSIMEaTS.
oseooGoeoaeooQoeoeooeo
SThis One!!
® '- O '
• $20.00 |
S RECORDS 50 CENTS to $2,00 EACH S
© Send for catalog. Other §
• disc machines $15.00, $30.00. 0
• Cylinder machines $3.50, $5.00, O
• $7.50, $10.00, $20.00, $30.00. Our g
S goods took the Grand Prize at • \
q Paris in 1900 against the S I
9 World's Exhibitors. Call and © j
• ask for particulars of our easy 0 j
• payment plan. Open Saturday © |
• evenings. . O
g Columbia Phonograph Co,, Gen'ig
• Owners of the fundamental • j
jj patents and creators of the 5
talking machine business. S
% 125 Geary St. 468 13th St. •
g San Francisco Oakland ©
AMTTSEBCTgTS.
EVENINGS AT 8:15.
BURTON
HOLMES
MAGNIFICENTLY ILLUSTRATED LECTURES.
COXTESE A. •
YOSEMITE Tuea., Jan. 12
YELLOWSTONE Thurs., Jan. 14
GRAND CANYON Sat., Jan. 10
ALASKA I, The Fjords Tues., Jan. 19
ALASKA II. The Klondike Thurs.. Jan. 21
COURSE B.
ST. PETERSBURG Wed.. Jan 13
MOSCOW ...Fri., Jan. 15
SIBERIA Mon., Jan. 18
PEKING Wed., Jan. 20
SEOUL, Capital of Korea Fri., Jan. 22
Sale of Course Tickets, $4, $3 aad $2.
; fe: TO-UOSBOW.
AT SHERMAN. CI.AY & OO.'S.
.TIVQU5558.
"OH! BE OAMPTO!""/
And Do Not Miss the
Magnificent Production or. the Holiday Spec-
tacle,
IXION
Or "THE WHEELMAN," •
A Mythological ' Musical Extravaganza In
Three Acts.
See Bothwell Browne's Beautiful Ballets.
-NEXT!— —
When Johnny Comes Marching Home
USUAL. POPULAR PRICES— 25c, 50c and 75c
Proscenium and Mezzanine Box Seats $1 00
"Whence comes this happy. Joyous crowd?"
Asked, the man of bilious hue.
"The answer's easy," said his friend.
"They've just seen
"1-O-U"
The Record-Breaking Musical Comedy.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
MONDAY, JANUARY 11. . ''-;
IpTheBeautyShopj
An Incomparable Production of a Strictly
Local Burlesque,
- Introducing Our New Principals, "
HELEN RUSaELL and JOHN PEACHEY
And Our "All-Star" Cast.
Seats Now on j Sale.
• A3> VZXTliiKJUliJH TB. i .'•'•-'• - : l _ m
Commences to-morrow (Monday), Jan. 4, 1904,
Of Tailor-Made Suits, Long and Short
Silk and Cloth Coats, Silk, Etamine and *
Cloth Skirts, Fur Jackets, Fur and
Cloth Capes, Fur and Feather Boas,
. Children's Coats Will be Offered at
Lowest Prices Ever Known in San Francisco
The Garments are this season's latest
styles of good reliable quality, well made
and finished, and the assortment larger
than ever .before. No misreprcscnta=
tion ; no diappointment. Many gar-
ments will be sold not alone at less than
Wholesale Cost, even less than Cost of
Labor. Our former efforts of Tremen-
dous Price Cutting will be eclipsed
at this sale.
One of the Greatest Sales Ever Held in the City
Tailor Suits Jackets Skirts
$10.00 Suits at - % 4.95 % 7.50 Jackets at % 3.45 $ lOOCIoth Skirts $ .85
12.50 Suits at « 5.95 10.00 Jackets at 4.95 2.50 Cloth Skirts .95
15.00 Salts at- 7.45, 12.50 Jackets at 5.95 3.00 Cloth Skirts 1.25
J^ n ° Suits at » 8.93 15.00 Jackets at 7.45 3.50 Cloth Skirts 1.45
20.00 Suits a - 9.45 17.50 jackets at 8.95 4.00 Cloth Skirts 1,95
km SIS 8 \ v il 2yo Jackets at 9 - 95 5 - 00 Skirts at " 2 - 45
27 50 Suits at - 14.45 25.00 Long Coats 14.95 6.5OSkirts at - 2.95
30 00 Suits at - 1U5 30.00 Long Coats 16.45 7.50 Skirts at - 3.45
35!00Suts at - 18.95 35.00 Long Coats 18.95 8.50 Skirts at • 3.95
37.50 Suits at - 22.50 , 7.50 Cloth Capes 3.95 10.00 Skirts at - 4.95
FURS ! j FUPS ! ! SILK, ETAMINE AND CLOTH SKIRTS
$50.00 Electric Seal JacKcU • $27.50 AT LESS THAN HALF PDICE
Fvr Collarettes less than hall price $ 3 -95, $4.95, $6.95, $8.95, $9.45
$12^0 Electric Seal Capes • . $4.9S and $11.45
$15.00 River Mink Capes . . . $8.95 VELVET SKIRTS WITH SILK EM-
Ostrich Feather Boas • . . : . . . BROIDERED DOTS
. $3.95, $4.95, $6.45, $8.95, $11.45 $12.50, $15.00 value $5.95, $6.95
1230-1232-1234 MarKet Street.
"Week Commenclnr THIS AFTER*-
NOON. Jan. 3.
fl Big, New Show
Direct From Their Australian Tri-
umphs!
FRED MOLLY
HALLEN... AND... FULLER
Presenting Their One-Act Musical
Comedy. "An Election Bet."
DumitrBSCU,
Van Auken and Vannerson
The World" a Greatest TtIdI© Horlsoa-
tal Bar Performers.
Charles and Minnie Sa-Van
In a Comedy Act of Mishaps.
Charlotte Guyer George
The Distinguished Contralto.
Mr. and Mrs. Walter
Deaves' Merry Mannlkins
Belle— The Tobins— Lotta
Refined Musical Experts.
Last Week of the "UNBL.E ACHED
AMERICAN'."
Ernest Hogan Mi wmUf.
And ' Cr>m?s ny .
; Orpheum Motion Pictures
Ehowtntr the Latest Novelties.
Reproduction for Ons "Week Only ot
tfifc "Cycle of Love"
A Chapter of Pictorial and Musical
Surprises.
REGULAR MATINEES every
Wednesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday. Parquet, any seat. 25c; Bal-
cony. 10c; Children, any part exoapt
reserved. 10c. A few front Orchestra
rows, reserved, 50c: front rows of
Balcony, reserved, 25c.
Union GoursingParK
P. J. RElLLTv Judge. JAS. F. GRACE. Clipper.
TO-DAY
SUNDAY, JAN. 3rd, 1904
FLEETEST RACING HOUNDS
i ¦. —^ —
Champion Inaugural and
All-Age Events.
$1000=TOTALPDRSE»$1000
SPECIAL TRAIX 6ERVICB.
Leaves Third and Townsend streets at IMS
a. m.. It a. m.. 12 m. and 1 p. m. Retarnlnc
at 4:45 p. tn. and after tha last course. Ban
Mateo electric cars direct to park entrance
every four minutes during th» day.
ADMISSION. 25 CENTS — LADIES BTRKg.
BEGINN1NO
MATINEE TO-D/W.
ALL THIS WEEK j ?
EXCEPT THURSDAY NIGHT. 8 ff
JOE KELLY
THE PIPE DREAMER.
And a "Well-Known Cast of La.u«h Producer*
\ In the Elf Musical Cut-ut>.
The Head Waiters
25— SINGING AND DANCINO GIRX.3— IS
MATINEE SATURDAT.
DDirCC EVENINGS 15c. 23a. BOes. 75o
rnltCJ MATINEES 13c. 25c. BOo
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE-SPECIAL
' THURSDAY EVENING. January _T. 190*. at
8:15. and MONDAY AFTEBNOON.
January 11. at 2:15.
positively Farewell Tour.
MME. I * /V I I II I I I
ADELINA J-^-£2i- -L. -J L
. (THE BARONESS CEDERSTROM.)
Direction ROBERT GRAT7. Incorporated.
Management MARCUS R. MATER.
SIGNOR ROMUALDO SAPIO. Conductor.
Prices ...*2. *3 6O. *3. M. $3 and »«
Sale of seats will begin at the box offlc* oC
the theater MONDAY MORNING. Janaary i.
OUT OF TOWN MAIL ORDERS, accom-
panied by money order and addressed to II. H.
CAMPBELL Treasurer Grand Opera-house,
will be filed in the order of their receipt and
seats assigned as near tha desired location as
possible. *. • '"
STEIN WAY PIANO USED.
— •
San Francisco «*
Kates le?a than carriages. < «rQ™^
Mobile i arriafte Co. '^S^^^Z. X?W0
Golden Gate and Van Ne«s Arm.
Phones Larkln 3S41— Polk 3089.
Downtown Office. Lobby Palace Hotel.
Phone Bush 859.
You Can Secure These Car» at Any Hotel or
Cafe by Asking for Mobile Carriage Co.
SALES DEPARTMENT— COAST AGENCIES.
Pierce Arrow Touring Car (French) price.f 285O
Pierce Stanhope (French type) 135O
Northern Runabout (leader In New York) 80O
Fine Garage, expert mechanics, (uaraate« <x-
penees.
MOBILE CARRIAGE COMPANY.
Van Ness and Golden Gate Area.
i' I
Racing Isp^^Bacing!
E\"ERT WEEK DAY, BAIN OB SKDOB.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB. .'
INGLBSIDE TRACK
Comxnendss MONDAY. December 1*. ;
j Six or More Races Daily,
Racea start at 2 p. m. aaarp.
Reached by streetcar from any part ot th* city.
B Train leaves Third and Townaand streets at
1:15 p. m. and leave* the track Immediately
after the last race. No smoking: la Ia«t two
cars, whlcb are reserved Xor ladles aad UmIc
_ escorts
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. PnaldmS.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary^
Pafarp don* 1 fAIL T0
! laiaWW Ke the bcaxrdful
3 j COURT Lounztef
/¦ II fl room, the EM PIRE
! -till** PARLOR, the
V- n J PALM ROOM, the
1* lif^HQ LOUIS XV PAR-
-( U~±rA~ DIES> WRITINQ
I Hotels Ro° M -
Weekly Gall, $1 per Year
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
SEE THE PICTURES
JERUSALEM AT THE
WORLD'S FAIR
nssQEBiuEHiiiiiuiueiiiiuiiiniiiiiiiiiii
g A View of the Great St Lonis Exposition From Your Armchair \
m /£^;\ ¦ - J
| |...ST. LOUIS. !7] t J
1 World's Fair Portfolio Series I
¦ i
I IN BEAOTIFUL COLORS i
g 1 |
\ PRESERVE THIS SERIES TO BE BODND IN PORTFOLIO FORM !
a j
B J
H *
g Greater San Francisco's Greatest Daily scores I
B again with an entirely new Sunday feature. "j
R By an exclusive arrangement, secured at an enor- \
E mous cost, THE SUNDAY CALL will be the first to j
~ Issue the WORLD'S FAIR OFFICIAL ART SERIES, i
r^ reproductions in color of the grounds and buildings i
? of the Louisiana Purclmsc Exjwsition. S
B X ¦¦¦ ¦' : ; -—•..-:¦¦ W-? ¦.:¦¦:¦..-, >:-"...¦,•' ¦¦¦.. ¦ ',.¦ J ¦¦ .1 '
B I* - -- ; - ¦ :¦¦*.-;¦
a ;'...-¦¦ ; ¦ ; ;;.- : "":- :. ; ¦ .-.•"¦ v/v. ! K\'- '¦¦:¦-. ¦&?&?£&
g ¦:.--. ¦ • ¦ ¦
i ¦ A % -
g 4- . ¦¦;¦:,¦¦ * 0 ~r* -<-
B '
? MACIHN'Eliy UMAj. I
¦ j
G THE FIRST OF THIS SERIES WILL BE ISSUED j
| SUNDAY, JANUARY 31st | j
B ~" |
n The original of that Sunday's Art Supplement is
£j tlic first artistic reproduction showing the architcc- • >
S turai 1>oauty of the Ivorj- City, and is selected as one \
p of tlie !>e-st of the many views submitted, It being tlie j
¦ object to combine hi a limited series tlie most import- I
¦ ant and interesting features of the St. Louis World's
|3 Fair. - I
? The Palace of Machinery, representing power, j
? force. In reality the pivot on which this immense. ex- I
Q hibition revolves, is tlie inaugural issue of what will j
c doubtless prove the most interesting series that was
b ever siven free by a publication. I
B The main entrance to this build ins; shows a triple I
B arcade, with larsre pavilion in the center. The north j
U front, which is thirteen hundred feet In length, has an
aroade of nine arches as a center feature. . j
rj Following the classical hi architectural effect, I
D there are found several beautiful examples of the Ital- '
ian and Spanish Renaissance styles. Tlie brilliancy of
j3 color, the realistic scene, with the moving crowds of
7^ . sightseers, give variety and animation to the picture. I
? Notliinsr is so universally attractive as power. Men, I
fl animals and nature are most fascinated when, by
— its exercise, they demonstrate possession of extraor-
S dinary i>o\ver. Admiration for might and the desire I
a to see it in evidence, to feel it and sense it, to remem- I
? l>er it and to tell of it, are instinctive factors with I
? men. women anil children. Tills Is the keynote to the I
¦ €x>IIection and arrangement of the exhibits in the Ma- j
E chinery Department — Power. Here are shown the
S methods and means for creating every variety of ma- j
rt cliinery for the generation, transmission and use of \
g power. I
O Forty thousand horses harnessed together and
~~ pulling with one mighty concentrated effort convey j
S the idea of the total power which makes the wheels I
D of this World's Fair go round. The engines, con- !
B densers, pumps, moving machinery and accessories 1
B makinz up the power plant, which is the largest ever I
B shown at an oxfiiJ.it. arc installed on tlie main floor
O of Machinery Iiall and occupy the entire westerly half I
B of tliat building — an area of something over 200,000
D square feet, or about the size of an ordinary city
B block.
Ej There will doubtless lx? an unprecedented demand
n for this SERIES. Nearly every one will want to pre-
? serve them to be bound in PORTFOLIO FORM.
B Make certain of your getting the full set by giving
H an advance order.
B
1 THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
g GREATER SAN FRANCISCO'S GREATEST PAPER
O I —
° AllL TRAIN' XEWSBOYS AXD ALL XEWS
B DEALERS SELL THE CALL.
BHHHEHgBBgBBBBBHEBBBBHHHHlIBHBBBBBBaBBBBBBBBB
« Y *-+ * r-m • TT% Belasco & Mayer,
AT PA /A rC Proprietors.
TO-NIGHT— MATINEE TO-DAT.
BLUE ££ T
JoAlNo bealism '
Evenings. 25c to 75c: Matinees, 13c to 50c.
TO-MORROW NIGHT— First Time in Stock.
The Romantic Drama of a Century Aro by
Frances HodBSon Burn«tt,
A LADY
OF QUALITY.
Julia Arthur' a Greatest Succea3.
Market Street. Near Eighth. Phone South 533.
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT LAST TIME.
THE DAIRY FARM.
TO-MORROW NIGHT— ALL. NEXT WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
Magnificent Revival of " the Kins of Sensa-
tional Drama l,
MONTE CRISTO:
The Unrivaled : ' Masterpiece of , Alexander
Dumas. . •
HERSCHEL MAYALL a« EDMOND DANTES.
EUGENIA THAIS LAWTON as Mercede*.
PDIPRC EVENINGS .......:....... lCc to fiOc
miWC3 MATINEES ..;......... lCc. 15c, 25c
, AMUSEMENTS. j
tf*£fel BiUiSIA aHfHHibSCrs Beginning MONDAY
%9 if iLUiWliSMjPft LEADING THEATRi LMST \A/EEK
CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS
CLYDE PITCH'S COMEDY OF WIT AND SENTIMENT,
THE GIRL WITH
THE GREEN EYES
, PRESENTED BY A EIG- CAST.
" MATINEE SATURDAY.
Mnnriav Jan II. I ffiHI^TBJV Supported by the
mdc ' I Z&rolBil€Y IMPERIAL THEATER CO.
MRS. fl-HUl\JII%H ofLondon.
In "Mrs. Deerlng's Divorce," and Other Plays— Seats Thursday.
One TimeOnly I _ I f\ In IBSEN'S
Sunday Night <J CfllB. BVF 55
ALBERTA GALLATIN* Seats Ready Monday
\ The Fanny MusicaiFarce. L
>%^ ¦«&¦ Vfc. -^ -^
High-Gloss Spiciallijs tor/ Afternoon aid
Evening in \h? Heated Theater.
MASON AND FILBURN; THE PRAMPKINS:
HARRISON BROTHKP.S; GARDNER AND
STODDARD; THE ERITTONS: MABEL
LAMSON and NEW MOVING PICTURES.
SEE THE BAjilES IN THE INFANT INCU-
JtgFJSgg BATORS.
HAMA3BTAS X2T TK2 ZOO!
lets of ran in the Fenny Arcale.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
Admission, luc; Children, 5c.
Wh'sn Phonlnz Ask for •The Chutes."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOOD KODAK
PICTURES •
Are my specialty. I Print and De-
velop them at prices lower than any-
one else. I lead In Kodak Develop-
ing and Printing:. My work Is high-
class in all respects.
Here are some figures:
Developing':
Roll of six , lOo
Roll of twelve .' 15o
Printing;:
Solio finish 3c to 5o
Velox finish 3c to 60
Orders by mail promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS.
1008 MARKET ST.. Above Powell.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Schools and Colleges.
t'\^2iBMBBBBgBl»Va IIMIIIlAlMllffflBhggga
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
WEST, 24 Port «., San Francisco, Cal.,
Established 40 years. Oven entire year.
Writ* for Illustrated cat»i<uni« (free). ,The cars of the Market-street line
were stopped at 12:30 o'clock this
morning: in order that the company
might have time to make some re
pairs on the line. They will start run
ning at 9 o'clock this morning.
3Iarket-Street Cars Stopped.-
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 2. — Sheriff
Frank P. Grace and County Auditor
Charles A. Pool had a brisk contro
versy this rriornins in the Sheriff's of
fice, because Grace refused to furnish
Pool with a, detailed statement of the
various amounts he collected as Tax
Collector for .the special school fund3
from several districts of the county.
The Sheriff had turned in a lump sum
of $ 24,07 Z 42 to the Treasurer and ob
tained an authorization from the Au
i ditor for that amount without furnish
ing the latter with .the statement
showing the exact sums collected
from each district. A truce has been
declared.
Officials At Odds Over. Funds,
Members of the Bohemian. Club filled
the banauet hall last evening and en
joyed their annual Christmas dinner.
The room was beautifully decorated
with holly berries, mistletoe and greens.
During the repast a choral organization
rendered old Christmas carols. There
were speeches and toasting. The serv
ants were dressed In old English cos
tumes, and brought in the boar's head
plum pudding and-other dishes with
ceremony.
Bohemians Dine In State.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Jan. 2. — The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Bryce B. Mc-
Lellan, 51, Stege, and Charlotte E.
Benedict, 48, Alameda; Chris Walsh,
37, and Grace L. Van Alstine, 17, both
of Oakland; William J. Smith. 21, and
Fredericka A. Gilbert, 18, both of San
Lorenzo; William Rissland, 33, and
Marie J.-Frustuck, 30, both of Sari
Francisco; Frederick Cremer, 44, Elm
hurst, and Selma J. Anderson, 29,
Crockett; Ernest Reese, 21, and Elsie
Higginson, 18, both of Berkeley; Axel
H. Nelson, 25, and Theresa Peterson,
27, both of Berkeley; Isadore Mlntz,
23, and Sarah Mendelshon; 19, both of
San Francisco; John F. Floyd, 29, and
Annetta M. Burt, 30. both of San
Francisco; Hugh S. Aldrich, over 21,
and Cana B. Schofleld, over 18, both of
Oakland. . ,
Carpenters Enjoy First Half Holiday
Under New Schedule — Sheet
Metal Workers' Officers.
OAKLAND. Jan. 2. — The seven
tallymen employed in the yards of the
Puget Sound Lumber Company, who
were formerly members of the Long
shoremen's Union, have applied for
membership in the Tallymen's Union.
The Tailors' Union will hold an In
stallation of officers next Monday even
ing. After the ceremonies a banquet
will be served.
The first half holiday was granted
to carpenters throughout the county
to-day as is provided for in the new
schedule.
The milk wagon .drivers will Install
their newly elected officers on Sunday
evening, January 10, at Becker's Hall.
The Sheet Metal Workers' Union
elected the following officers last night:
President. J. A. Doyle; vice president,
C. Morrison; recording secretary,
Harry Costen; financial secretary, H.
A. Wissing; warden, J. Kelly; conduc
tor, A. Ebinger; business agent, I. J.
Allen.
Entertains Employe*.
Last evening the F. Thomas dyeing
establishment was the host, through
Henry R. Newbauer, its manager, to
all its employes, nearly 1200 in num
ber. The guests enjoyed^an entertain
ment, dance and supper.* Mr. New
bauer said that this was one of the
methods adopted by the establishment
to show its appreciation of the good
work of its employes.
UNIONS TRANSACT FIRST
BUSINESS OF NEW YEAR
It should be explained that the
"sics" are all those of the famous au
thor of "The Sorrows of Satan" and
other lurid novels.
(in the entire; lack of pedantry frfuf
conceit which " persuaded Lord Bacon
— that traitor to his country— to men
tion every one of his productions by
name, and even to set down the dif
ferent libraries where he wished. them
lodged. in special bindings— good
lack!) considered more ephemra (sic),
had no financial or legacy value what
ever. No truly great genius has ever
thought his own work precious. That
kind of consequential pride in self is
only manifested by persons like Mis
tress Gallup and the promoters of
'Baconia' (sic). May your few sub
scribers e^'er grow less!
"MARIE CORELLI."
Perhaps the most entertaining re
sult of the society's renewed labors
so far has arisen from an invitation
to the redoubtable Marie Corelli to
subscribe to the society's' organ,
"Baconia." Here is the answer she
has sent to the editor:
"To the Editor of 'Baconia' (sic),
Mason Croft, Stratford-on-Avon: Sir —
I would as soon subscribe to a maga
zine written by lunatics and published
at Colriey Hatch (this is the name of a
famous English lunatic asylum) as to
your 'Baconia (sic), which is produced
evidently merely to gratify the inter
meddling 'pedantry of small modern
scribblers, who, in their utter Inability
to do anything notable themselves,
take up the scandalous business of
robbing the world's greatest genius of
his name and reputation. The people
of this town- — Stratford-on-Avon —
have sufficient records of the living
and grand personality of Shakespeare
(apart from all the written testimony
of his friends and compeers) to enable"
them to smile at the ridiculous at
tempts made by the ignorant and envi
ous to disprove his fame. The donkey
who ¦ brays out that Shakespeare 'left
no mention of his plays in his will'
chooses ; to forget that . there was % no
literary, copyright in the , poet's . time,
and that, therefore, plays, which he
MARIE CORELLI'S ANSWER.
proved facilities for research will re
sult in a jrreat increase of members.
Miss Caroline Dowllng entertained
the students of her Spanish class In
the Lincoln Evening School at her resi
dence at 1S40 Howard street Friday
night. A little farce adapted from tho
Spanish was presented by the pupils.
Entertains Her Spanish Class.
OAKLAND, Jan. 2. — Mrs. H. L.
Whitehead, residing at 1075 Four
teenth street, last night plunged over
a stairway, from which a carpenter
had removed the balustrade, and fell
to the floor below. She sustained a
broken ar.m, a dislocated shoulder and
internal injuries that the doctors say
may prove fatal, owing to her ad
vanced age.
She *was awakened by the doorbell
at 11 o'clock and started down the
stairs in the dark. Forgetting that
the balustrade had been removed, she
reached for the rail to steady her de
scent and in so doing lost her balance
And fell. She is being attended by
Drs. Akins and Herrick.
Mrs. H. L. Whitehead Meets With
an Accident That May
Prove Fatal.
AGED WOMAN FALLS DOWN
STAIRS IN THE DARK
Vratislan Mudroch, violinist, and
Madame Mudroch, mezzo soprano,
made their local first appearance last
night at Stelnway Hall, under tha. aus
pices of the Bohemian-Slavonian so
cieties of San Francisco. Mr. Mud
roch was a fellow pupil of Kocian
and Kubelik. with the famous Hunga
rian teacher. Professor Sevcik. and
shows fair facility In his handling of
the violin. The violinist was well re
ceived by the audience and contrib
uted the "Ballade and Polonaise" of
Vieuxtemps, the Paganlnl concerto in
D, that was heartily encored, and two
Smetana numbers, "Fantasia/* from
the opera "Dalibor," and "Ukoleba,"
from "Hublcka." Mme. Mudroch's
Slavonic songs by Novak were excep
tionally interesting. She sang also
two Smetana songs from the opera
"Kiss," and "Pisen Hany," by Kovar
ovlc. Mme. Mudroch has both tem
perament and voice, but the latter 13
almost wholly untrained.
Well Received In Concert.
This movement is a general one and
a majority of the women who attend
th» various churches in this city have
agreed to comply with the new self
imposed rules. Aged and infirm wo
men will be exemDt from this rule,
hence those who da not remove their
hats, it will be assumed, belong to the
rxempt class.
BAKER CITY. Or.. Jan. 2. — A ma
jority of the church-going ladies of the
city have determined to inaugurate a
reform. They have advised the pas
tors of the several churches to request
all women to remove their hats when
they attend divine services next Sun
day morninET.
City Decide to Remove Bonnets
In Sacred Edifices.
Church-Going Residents of an Oregon
WOMEN 1VILL WORSHIP X
WITHOUT THEIR HATS
"Christmas will be celebrated In Rus
sia on Thursday next, the 25th of De
cember falling in that country on the
7th of January. Russia is thirteen days
behind such countries as America and
England as regards the calendar and
a few centuries behind as regards civil
ization.
"Some years ago Russia introduced a
national institution under the name of
'progron,' a word which implies a de
sire to destroy like a thunder storm.
The obiect of the 'progron' is to ter
rorize the Jews. Dramatically consid
ered, a perfect 'progron' Is a tragedy in
five acts. Anti-Semitic propaganda,
some incidents as a pretext, boys
throwing stones as a feeler, and then
the mob passing from breaking furni
ture to murder and violence. The Eas
ter horrors of the Kishenev programme
in April last have thrilled the civilized
world. The old damnable He that the
Jews had murdered for ritual purposes
furnished the pretext for 'shedding the
blood of war In peace/
''It was chiefly Jewish industry and
intelligence that made Kishenev pros
perous, and now that the Jews have
built up the place Russian justice seeks
to get rid of them. Hampered as they
are by cruel laws, feeling themselves
to be objects of direst hatred for re
ligious and social and economic rea
sons, without a friendly hand to pro
tect'them, with the bitter memory of
'their terrible experience during the last
'progron/ the Jews in Kishenev are
naturally stricken at the approach of
Christmas, notwithstanding that this
season is supposed to bring a message
of 'peace and good will/
"It is possible that the threatening
danger will be averted by the timely
expression of American sentiment
reaching .the conscience of the Czar.
But a solemn duty devolves especially
upon the Anglo-Saxon portion of Chris
tendom to petition the Czar and the
Pope to educate their respective adher
ents not to give credence to the outrag
eous calumny that the Jews require hu
man blood for ritual purposes. They
will thus lessen the chances of vile fa
natics bringing disgrace upon Christ
tlanity by 'shedding the blood of war
In peace/ " ' t
"Christmas in Kishenev" was the
subject of a sermon delivered yester
day in the Bush-street Synagogue by
Rabbi Isidore Myers. The rabbi took
for his text the words of King David,
"And he shed the blood of war in
peace" (I Kings xi:5). In part he said:
Babbi Isidore Myers Calls Upon
America to Ask of Czar
Protection for the Jews'
FEARS TROUBLE
IN KISHENEV
"The upper Kern basin differs from
the other large canyons of the Sierra
Nevada Mountains in its meridian
trend and its remarkably straight
course. This canyon dissects a high
valley which has an area of about 100
square miles, and it is situated at an
average altitude of 2500 feet above the
bottom of the canyon. This high valley
was evolved at a time when the Sierra
Nevadas were much lower than now.
About 2500 feet above this high valley
Is still another high valley, which rep
'resents an earlier stage in the evolution
of the mountains, when the Sierra Ne
vadas were not more than 3000 feet
above sea level at . the highest point.
The remnants of this old mountain sur
face are still found in the summits' of
Mount Whitney and Sheep and Table
mountains, at an altitude of 4000 feet
or more.
DEVELOPMENT OF MOUNTAINS.
"In the recognition of these high val
leys we have a record of the develop
ment of the Sierra Nevada Mountains
by uplift and dissection in very distinct
stages. Since the Sierra Nevadas re
ceived their present general inflgura
tlon they have been glaciated. The
glaciation has very materially modified
the geomorphic characters of the moun
tains, partly in the direction of reduc
ing the crests by the sapping of glacial
cirques. These cirques are great am-
BERKELEY, Jan. 2.— Three Interest
ing papers were read to-day at the sec
ond session of the Cordilleran section
of the Geological Society of America,
meeting annually for the fifth time. The
papers described certain areas of the
earth whose phenomena present mate
rial for absorbing geological study.
That by Professor Andrew C. Lawson
of the University of California on "The
Geomorpnogeny of the Upper Kern
Basin" was, of course, interesting lo
cally, but the papers of Professor W.
G. Tight, president of the University
of New Mexico, on the glaciation in
South America, and R. S. H,olway on
the' cold air currents of the Pacific
Coast were no less engaging.
In describing the upper Kern basin
Professor Lawson used illustrations
and maps to assist the auditors in com
prehending more readily the features
of that wonderful region. In part he
said:
Members From All Over Central
California Will Take Part in
Convention.
The Salvation Army of this city will
hold its midwinter congress here from
January 6 to the 8th. Salvation Army
workers from all over Central Califor
nia will participate. The purposes of
the congress, which is held semi-an
nually. is to get the various workers
together and talk over the plans for
the work for the comine year.
The new Central building on Mission
street is to be dedicated as a "Consul
Booth-Tucker memorial" in honor of
the great work done by the late Mrs.
Booth-Tucker among women. The
building is to be used for the provin
cial headquarters for the entire coast
and also as a Women's Training Col
lege for evangelical work. A boarding
house for the young women of the
army who work in the daytime In
stores and offices will also be connected
with the new building:.
F. ,M. Anderson of the geological de
partment of the Southern Pacific Rail
road was elected president of the so
ciety. ;
Mr. Holway's paper was technically
descriptive of the Pacific air currents,
dealing particularly with those of that
coast of the United States.
The paper of Professor Tight was de
voted to a description of the hitherto
unstudied region of the Bolivian Andes
of- South America. The chief results of
a cursory examination by Dr. Tight
show that three distinct periods of gla
ciation are to be found In these moun
tains. These periods of glaciation are
separated by periods of deglaclation
and erosion. He also recognized an im
mense extinct lake, perhaps the largest
lake anywhere in the world, which was
co-existent with the time of maximum
glaciation. This lake is 500 or 600 miles
long, and its abandoned shore lines are
beautifully marked in terraces on the
banks of the mountain surrounding the
plateau. There have evidently, Dr.
Tight said, been very widespread and
very important climatic changes in that
region in recent time.
"The study of this upper Kern basin
affords us a basis for the subdivision of
quaternary time and also enlarges our
ideas of the length of that division of
the geological time scale. A minor fea
ture of the region Is the existence of
very well preserved volcanoes of recent
date in some of the high valleys de
scribed."
RECENT VOLCANOES.
"The high Sierras in the vicinity of
the upper Kern basin present perhaps
the finest Illustration of this process of
mountain reduction to be found any
where. The peculiarly straight charac
ter of the upper Kern Canyon finds its
explanation in the fact that It follows a
line of rifting In the earth's crust. Such
rift valleys are rare, the best illustra
tions being the valley of the Dead Sea
in Palestine and the prolongation of
that valley through the lake region of
Africa, as described by J. W. Gregory.
phitheaters which have been eaten into
the hearta of the mountains, and where
these amphitheaters encroach upon one
another the intersection of their walls
has the effect of greatly reducing or
obliterating the higher crests of the
mountains.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 2. — Congressman
Victor H. Metcalf has forwarded to
City Clerk James W. Glllogly copies of
the communications that passed be
tween himself. Colonel W. H. Heuer, in
charge of the improvement work on
Oakland harbor 1 , and General G. L.
Gillesple, chief of engineers of the
United States army, with reference. to
the request that Alameda be permitted
to utilize a narrow strip of land on the
south side of the tidal canal as part
of a water park and also with respect
to the petition from private parties
asking f o be allowed to construct a
wharf In the big ditch near Park street.
Mr. Metcalf states that he sees no
prospect at present of any person or
company securing permission to build
a landing in the canal. He is of the
opinion, however, that the Government
will be willing to allow the city to make
use of the strip of land as part of a
park site, but that it will not convey \
the reality to the municipality.
Major Heuer in his report to Gen
eral Gillisple says In part:
"The tidal canal was not construct
ed for navigation or commercial pur
poses, but solely with a view. to carry
ing water from San Leandro Bay to
Oakland harbor for flushing and main
taining depths in the latter. Three
drawbridges were placed across the
canal in order to permit dredges to pass
through in case redredging of the canal
should become necessary. Hence, un
less and until Congress decides that
the tidal canal may be used for navi
gation and commercial purposes and
provides funds for the operation and
maintenance of the same, I believe it
would be injudicious to grant any per
mits for the establishment of any
wharves or landing places within the
canal. If permission be granted to the
City of Alameda to erect even a small
wharf or landing place In said canal
it might be claimed that this was a
recognition on the part of the Gov
ernment that the tidal canal was a pub
lic waterway, and applications for
wharf or landing place in said canal
thereafter be consistently refused. I
see no objection to authorizing the
City of Alameda to plant trees and
shrubs along the very narrow strip of
land adjacent to the canal, provided
the Government does not relinquish Its
control or ownership of said strip. Many
applications are now on file at this of
fice for positions as bridge tenders on
the various bridges across the tidal
canal. If it became necessary to oper
ate and maintain these bridges it is es
timated that the annual expense to the
Government would exceed $20,000, and
this expense would have to be Incurred
If the canal were declared a public nav
l igable waterway.
SALVATION ARMY TO HOLD
A MIDYVIXTER CONGRESS
TWO SCIENTISTS WHO ARE TAKING AN ACTIVE INTEREST IN
THE SESSIONS OF THE CORDILLERAN SECTION OF THE GEO
LOGICAL SOCIETY OF AMERICA AT BERKELEY.
Major W. H. Heuer Asserts Big
Tidal Ditch Was Not Built
for Purposes of Navigation
OPPOSES WHARF
ON THE CANAL
Countess Esterhazy is the daughter
o? William Carroll of Washington, a
cousin of Charles Carroll of Carrollton.
v. ho was one of the signers of the Dec
laration of Independence. The Countess
has boen twice married, her first hus
band having been General Griffin. She
has many friends at the Austrian court,
and is paid to be a favorite of the Em
peror. She has an independent fortune.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2.— Countess
Esterhazy, widow of the late Count
Maximilian Esterhazy, who was at ono
time secretary of the Austrian Embassy
in Washington, is the defendant in a
damage suit for $100,000. brought by
Mrs. Laura de Lang, who charges that
the Countess alienated her husband's
affections. The papers were served on
the Countess here to-night.
Mrs. de Lang says her husband left
their home in Virginia on August 3 and
has since absented himself. She charges
that much of the time has been Bpent
by Dr Lang in the company of Countess
K5terhazy In Washington. Friends of
the Countess said to-night that De Lang
had been received by her as a friend
and that Fhe had no knowledge that
he was married. De Lang is a member
of an old Swiss family and is said to
bo without means. I
Virginia Woman Sues Widow of Late
Count Esterhaxy for 9100,000
Damages.
FAYS COUNTESS STOLE
HER HUSBAND'S LOVE
On yesterday afternoon the girl
told some playmates ahe was tired of
living and went to a drug store on
Erie street and bought carbolic acid,
taking a quantity. Her playmates
saw the look of agony on her face and
cried for help. Her mother respond
ed and the girl told what she had
done.
She was hurriedly sent to the Emer
gency Hospital and Dr. Miller' worked
over her for quite a while before he
relieved her system of the poison.
She will recover.
Mabel Gordan, aged 13 years, Is
lying in a precarious condition at the
Emergency Hospital, due to carbolic
acid poisoning. The young girl was
employed as a servant by a family in
Berkeley and on New Year's day vis
ited her home at S20 Thirteenth
street.
Mabel Gordan Swallows Carbolic Add
and Physician Has Hard Task
Saving Her Life.
YOUNG GIKIi ATTEMPTS
TO CO3DITT SUICIDE
Totals (minor States
omitted) $74,425,340 $30.620.68S
The principal increases and decreases
for the year are shown as follows:
Alaska— Gold, decrease $1,424,000; sil
ver, decrease $32,000. These decreases
are due to the season in which run
ning water was available being about a
month shorter than other recent years.
Colorado— Gold, decrease $6,428,000;
silver, decrease $791,000. These de
creases were due to the miners' strike,
which, greatly -Interfered with produc
tion.
Idaho — Gold, increase $592,000; silver.
Increase $512,000.
Nevada— Gold, increase 3681,000; sil
ver, increase $391,000.
Montana— Gold, decrease $245,000; sil
ver, decrease $1,619,000. •
Utah — Gold, increase $1,470,000; silver,
Increase $2,360,000.
Washington— Gold, increase $162,000j
silver, decrease $164,000.
South Dakota— Gold, decrease $4,076,
000.
Oregon — Gold, decrease $452,000.
A total net decrease is shown in the
gold production of $5,573,000, and net
increase of $1,100,000 in the production
of silver.
A runaway horse dashed Into one of
the carriages of a funeral prucesslon at
Thirteenth and "Washington streets thi3
afternoon, endangering the lives of sev
eral persons and demolishing the buggy
to which it was harnessed. The car
riage was not- damaged and after a
short delay the driver proceeded on his
way to the cemetery.
The funeral was that of James FujoL
and the hearse and carriages had 'Just
left Albert Brown's undertaking par
lors, where the services were held. As
the procession reached the corner of
Thirteenth and Washington streets, the
frightened horse, hitched to a light
buggy, turned the corner of Broadway
and came tearing toward the line of
carriages. All turned safely out of the
runaway's path except the last, the
driver of which was unable to turn
his team In time to escape, and the
front wheel of the buggy struck tho
hub of the rear wheel. The shock over
turned the buggy and the horse freed
himself from the wreck and ran on.
Beyond a few scratches the back was
not damaged.
The runaway Is owned toy Dr. 31. M.
Rowley.
Fujol was an employe of the Oakland
Transit Company. At the funeral to
day the services were conducted by the
Rev. Clifton Macon, rector of Trinity
Episcopal Church. The pallbearers
were J M. Page, warden of the Receiv
ing Hospital; J. B. Ingersoil. R. C.
Kennedy. George Doolan, D. Grierson
and R. Gethln.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. Jan. 2.
On November 17 the Morgan house
was ransacked by burglars while the
family was absent and many valuable
things taken. The excitement attend
ing this episode and the talk of the fam
ily had its effect on the boy's already
weakened mind and a week later he
reported {hat he had encountered a
burglar in the upstairs hallway while
the house was full of people. The next
day the boy repbrted another burglar,
who had, he said, come into the house
while the family was at dinner.
Marshal Kerns investigated the Mor
gan premises, but could find no trace
of a burglar's ingress or egress. The
boy said he saw a burglar climbing
up the front porch at his second visit,
but this was shown to "have been an
impossibility. It was then that the
condition of the boy's mind was no
ticed and physicians summoned to at
tend him.
There was some doubt for awhile
among the physicians as to whether
the boy really died from a brain affec
tion or from ptomaine poison through
eating the leaves of a passion vine three
weeks ago. It was found, however, that
the passion vine leaves had not affect
ed the boy's health. '.'•". '¦¦'-
The Morgan family has been pur
sued by a hard fate during the last
year. About nine months ago Eddie
Morgan, aged 8 years, fell from a local
train upon his head, the injury result
ing: In almost complete loss of eyesight.
The father of the boy. who is now su
ing the Southern Pacific Company for
$20,000 for the injury to the child, is
himself an invalid. These accidents,
coupled with the death of Robert and
the robbery of their home, make a sad
chapter of misfortunes.
The funeral of tha boy will be held
from his late residence at 2 o'clock to
morrow afternoon. r -'\:;:
The boy received the fatal blow on
the head while playing with, some com
panions. For awhile afterwards he act*
ed rationally, but in a month or more
began to show symptoms of failing eye
sight. The physicians who were called
attributed this affection to the blow
the lad had received, the brain being
injured. He complained of pains in
the head often and suffered severe
headaches.
A blow from a baseball bat received
five months ago brought death to-day
to Robert Archibald Morgan, aged It
years, the son of Mr. and Mrs. George
W. Morgan of 2330 College avenue. He
was the boy who, a month ago, twice
encountered a burglar In his home, a
burglar that now. In view of the man
ner of the boy's death, the doctors be
lieve was only the vagary of a diseased
mind.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2«8 Center street.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 2-— A. E. Hurst,
a wealthy citizen of Wtiittler. was the
victim this afternoon of one of the
boldest daylight robberies that has ever
been committed in this section of the
Jltate. In the crowded corridor of the
Security Savings Bank, at Second and
Main streets, he was robbed of $2140
which had jUFt been handed to him by
the paying teller. He did not get out
of the building before a professional
pickpocket had secured the money and
made his escape.
Hurst drew the money in order to
make a final payment on a piece of
property which he had purchased, and
when he presented his check at the
bank there was gome slight delay about
cashing it. and during the short wait a
number of persons, supposedly custom
ers of the bank, crowded around him.
The money was paid over and Hurst
left the window. He had not walked
a dozen feet before two well dressed
men Jostled him in the crowd. They
»t once offered profuse apologies and
left him hurriedly. As soon as Hurst
reached the sidewalk he felt for his
money, but It was gone. He at
<ince returned to the bank and re
ported the robbery, but the two men
who had Jostled against him had
disappeared.
It is supposed that they got his
money. Several persons who were In
the crowd reported having seen one
man quickly pass a roll of bills to
another man and then leave the build
ing.
That there is a gang of profes
sional pickpockets in this city is
now known. Yesterday's tournament
nf roses netted this gang several
thousand dollars In money and dia
monds. To-day seven additional
robberies were reported to the police
by victims of their operations in Pasa
dena and on the crowded cars going
to that city.
! The trouble with the society here
j tofore has been that jnembers spent
years clear: ng up points only to find
the same ground had been covered by
! some one else. It is to do away with
I this waste, of patient enthusiasm that
j the old society has had itself formally
, incorporated, engaged a secretary and
settled down to organized siege on the
possibly immortal William. Owing to
the legal delays incident to incorpora
, tion, the society 'has made . little pro
1 gress yet, and consequently At is not,
! as a body, prepared to make any
{sweeping statements. The secretary is
! in correspondence" with many prom-
J inent Bacc.-n'ans in the United States
'and on the. Continent who have not
i allied them* rives with the society, so,
i far, and It Is expected that the 1m-
Incidentally, the society — or at least
a majority of. its active members —
believes that Pope and Macauley.did
grievous wrong to their hero in cast
ing stones at li«s moral character;
and before they get through with their
work they hope to convince the wait
ing world that James I was all wrong
in disgracing his Lord_Chancellor for
taking tribes. -
The Bacon Society is collecting a
valuable library of Bacon literature,
records of all of Bacon's manuscripts,
dates of publication, charts -showing
the doings of men known to have been
associated with Bacon, and a list of lir
braries, institutions and houses where^
It is possible valuable documents may
be found. One piece of work which
will tako years of patient effort' will
probably be begun in a short while —
an -extended compilation" of coinci
dences in the vocabularies of Bacon
and Shakespeare.
2 SUNDAY FOREIGN 2
A representative of the society said
yesterday: "It is of paramount Im
portance at this juncture that every
statement made in the pamphlets or
lectures be undeniably authenticated.
Nothing will tend Inspire greater
confidence in our work than an un
broken record for truth and modera.
tion in every statement which ema
nates from or is recognized by the so
ciety. If the impression can be estab
lished that the members are a band
of seekers after truth, desirous of
being corrected when in error, but
determined, at all cost, to arrive at
a definite solution of the problem, and
not a coterie of enthusiasts bent on
having a theory accepted, regardless
of the difficulties which surround it,
the suggested propaganda will meet
with a sympathetic hearing."
COLLECTING BACON MATTER.
LONDON. Jan. 2. — Let William
Shakespeare tremble in his grave
before the altar of the beautiful
old church in Stratford-on-Avon! No
more wjll flocking Americans en
rich 1 the town of his birth by their
pilgrimages; and no more will they
travel over to Shottery and make eyes
at the two pretty girls who have in
their veins the same blood as Anne
Hathaway, and who now show visitors
over the picturesque cottage in which
the alleged bard's sweetheart lived!
Or, at any rate, if the actor-manager
who somehow got the credit for writ
ing the mighty Bacon's plays is not
shorn of his borrowed glory instantly,
it will be only because the newly in
corporated Bacon Society of London
has been unexpectedly hampered by
facts or by lack of facts.
I find, from interviews with various
members of this organization, that
plans are now in preparation for a
concerted Anglo-American attack on
Shakespeare that will be of greater
force and effectiveness than anything
conceived by Ignatius Donnelly or
even Mrs. Gallup. Armed with cipher
indications that Bacon wrote Shake
speare; with circumstantial evidence
from the life and acknowledged writ
ings of Bacon, and from what little is
known of the life of Shakespeare, the
society is now raising- capital in' Lon
don to pay for a minute search in
libraries, institutions and private
houses where, it is possible further
documents may ; be found throwing
direct light on Bacon's side of the
case. Lord Verulam of the family of
Grimston and the present holder of
Lord Bacon's baronial title, has at
last consented to allow Gorhambury,
Bacon's seat near St. Albans, to be
searched. The Bacon Society firmly
believes that the data "exists which
will prove finally that Shakespeare's
fame has been one of grand chimera.
GREAT SCHOLAR ENGAGED.
The second scheme is the presenta
tion of the beliefs of the Bacon So
ciety to the world, with the facts on
which these beliefs rest. The plans
for propaganda are enterprising. The
society' has taken permanent" rooms
near the British Museum, and Curator
Emlle Weiderlich. distinguished as a
Bacon scholar, has been* secured to
give all his time to the work. The
society considers that until now the
world has never had an opportunity
of, hearing the Baconian argument
properly presented.
To the end that it may now hear,
a band of lecturers on Shakespeare-
Bacon questions is being obtained. All
lectures are to be submitted to the
Bacon Society before engagements are
made, in order that there be no in
accuracies or repetitions. Each mem
ber of the Bacon f Society has been
written to with a view to enlisting
active personal co-operation. The
names and addresses of sympathizers
with the a«ms of the society are being
secured in order to increase the mem
bership. Until now its ranks have been
composed of the scholarly few whose
personal inclinations have drawn them
together. Steps will be taken to bring
the objects of the society before liter
ary and educational institutions
throughout the world. It 1« probable
that hereafter a series of Bacon So
ciety pamphlets, one each month, will
be published on the authorship of the
Shakespeare plays.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2.— The Director
of the Mint to-day made public his an
nual statements of the approximate
distribution by producing States and
Territories of the products of gold and
silver of the United States for the
calendar years 1902 and 1903. That for
1903 for the principal States follows:
(Commercial
Value.)
State or Territory— G°' d - * Bl il?£
Alaska IG.821.13T ¥16.640
Arizona 4.784.000 I,».!2.115
California 16,535.525 <?I'*i
Colorado 22,000.000 i.iili.811'
Idaho :>.oti7.J8:{ 3,ai5.OtX>
Montana 4.134.3B7 .\400.0oo
Nevada 8*570.227 U.:;<G.O(X>
Now Mexico 372.<>9:t 151.200
Oregon 1,304,341 t.7,500
South Dakota 2. 8S9.1 37 1 70.905
Utah D,O36.."9!l 8.100,000
Washington 434,100 164.700
Robbers Secure the Money in
Front of Cashier's Window
and at Once Hurry Away
This State's Silver Output Has
Total Commercial.* Value of
Less, Than a Half-Million
Diseased Mind Peoples . His
Home With Phantom Burg
lars-Death Climax of Story
People Attending Obsequies of
James Fujol Narrowly Miss
Being Killed or Badly Hurt
The Society Will Not Spare
Expense in Hunt for Mat
ter to Establish Its Claim
OVER $2000 IS STOLEN
HIS IMAGINATION ACTIVE
RECORDS OF THE MINTS
WILL SEABCH FOB DATA
BLINDED WITH TEBBOB
Club Is Organized and Agita
tion Is Begun .to Take
Away Shakespeare's Honors
Bobert A. 3Iorgan Passes Away
After Suffering Five Months
From Injuries to His Brain
California Is Second to Colo
rado in Production . of Gold
for the Last Twelve Months
Bnnaway Collides With a Car
riage, Wrecking Baggy and
Menacing 1 Lives of Mourners
Wliittier Man the Victim of
Some Deft Pickpockets, Who
Jostle Him in the Crowd
Interesting Papers Are Presented at Second Session
of Fifth Annual Meeting of Cordillferan Section of Gee
logical Society of America Held Yesterday at Berkeley
THIEVES WORK
AT BANK DOOR
YEAR'S YIELD
OF THE MINES
BACON LEAGUE
AGAIN ACTIVE
LAD DIES FROM
BLOW ON HEAD
HORSE DASHES
INTO FUNERAL
READ OF MIGHTY FORCES
THAT SHAPE THE EARTH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY* JANUARY 3, 190*.
38
{^LACE YOinToBDEaS EABLy'Y
!T" : 20tll CENTURYl
1 COOK BOOK F
Another shipment win
arrive about Janaary 21. \
1904.
In order to satisfy the
demand for this premium
we have ordered another
carload of these books,
and all persons sending to
The Cook Book Depart-
ment of this paper a six .
months' subscription to
The Daily and Sunday I
. Call may secure one of the
Twentieth Century Cook
Books at the premium
rate of 50c.
I Out-ot-fova sjbscribsrs skiaid rtaii I
¦ 20c tddrinnil to prapaj transportatiii IHIDES AND 8KINS— Culls and brands sell
about HQlc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Hteers. 9c; medium. 8c: light. 7%c: Cow Hides,
7Vic-for heavy and 7%<- for light: Stags. 5c:
Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted Calf.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Jan. 2.— Clearings. $011,055; bal
ances. $223,840.
TACOMA, Jan. 2.— Banks closed.
NEW YORK. Jan. 2.— Exports of specie
from New York for the week were $937.S37 in
silver and S11V.CC0 gold. Imports of specie
were $2,494,803 in cold and $35,354 in silver.
Total imnorts of dry goods and general mer
chandise to New York were '$13,396,747.
Exports and Imports.
Chicago was higher. There was nothing go-
Ing on here, and quotations • remained un
changed.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, ll^c per lb for
heavy, 12c for light medium, 14c for light.
U^c.for extra light, 18c for sugar-cured and
20c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugafr-cured
Hams. 14c: California Hams. 13i4013V>c; Mess
Beef," $11 50 per bbl; extra Mess, $12@12 50-
Family. $13: prime Mess Pork. 117: extra clear.
$24; Mess. $19: Dry Raited Pork. 12c; Pig Pork.
$28: Plrs' Feet. $5 25: Smoked Beef. 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7Uo per lbfor
compound and 9c for pure; half -barrels, pure.
9%c: 10-lb tins. 9%c; 6-tb tlns.,9%c; 3-lb tins.
10c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8%c: three
half barrels, 8%c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces.
S'4c: five tierces. 8%c per lb.
Provisions.
CHICAGO«.Tan. 2.— CATTLE— Receipts, 300;
steady; goodto prime steers. $5@5 75; ,poor to
medium. $3 50S5; stockers and feeders, $2jJ
4 10; cows. $1 75®4 25; heifers. $2@4 75; can
ners, $1 75@2 40; bulls, f2@4 25; calves, $2 50
©6 75. s;
IIOGS^ — Receipts to-day. 23,000; Monday,
BO.OOO: closed strong: mixed and butchers,
$4 6004 S5; good to choice heavy, $4 75@4 85;
rough heavy, $4 40®4 70; light, $4 30@4'70;
bulk of sales, }4 6004 75.
SHEEP— Receipts. 1000; sheep and lambs,
steady; good to choice wethers. $3 75(3:4 25;
fair to choice mixed. $"f<3 75; Western sheep.
$3 45@4 25: native lambs, $4 25@6; Western
lambs, .54.5OSG.
CHICAGO
Eastern Livestock Market.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the But
ter marlset wag steady. Creameries. 16@23%c;
Dairies. lif/'Jlc. Egg*, steady. 25@28c. Clieese
steady. 10@10>£c.
Weekly Bank Clearings.
NEW TORK. Jan. 2. — The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank clear
ings at the principal citica for the week ended
D»c»nib«r 31, with the percentage of Increase
and decrease, as compared with the corre-
Epcndlng week laat year:
PerCt. PerCt.
Inc. dec.
•New York $1,036,776,112 10.1
•Chicago 133,704,293
•Boston 07,014,041 .... 25.9
•Philadelphia .... 9fl.5U5.883 .... 11.6
•St. Louis 42,CC«,S77 7.0 ....
Pittsburg 24,7n8.250 8.8 ....
•San Francisco... 20,173,510 .... 6.2
•Baltimore 22,175,093
Cincinnati 16,840.250 4.5
•Kansas City 17.470.4C3 16.5
Cleveland 11,745.318 .... 2.8
•Minneapolis 12.010,271 15.8 .... !
•New Orleans .... 22.107.657 55.7
Uetroit 7.CCS.322 .... 2.0
•Lcuis\-llle 7.7K5.8-11 2.5
Omaha 7,321,329 20.8 ....
•Milwaukee 5.942,753 .... 6.6
•Providence - . 6,308.300 1.3
•Huffalo 4,74*1,483 .... 7.5
'St. Paul 4,532,243 16.1
Indianapolis 4,391.228 8.3 ....
Los Angeles 4.&10.4G4 14.9
•St. Joseph 3.330.15.V 15.4
Denver 3,G2.t.ftn3 2.9 ....
Richmond 3.1*09.973 4.0
Coiumbus 3,029.000 20.0
Seattle fUS2.76:$ .... 1.5
Washington 2.0*3.7«2 3.5
•Savar.nah 3.W7.190 ' 12.0
Memphis 5.RS1.S07 67.4
Albany 2.815.5I17 .... 14.5
Salt Lake City... 2.6lS,O0* .... 21.3,
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 23,700 37,300
Wheat, bushels 37.200 64 000
Corn, bushels 132,200 235 300
Oats, bufhels 123.000 75,700
Rye bushels 4,fi00 3,900
Barley, bushels 25,900 7,000
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 34,500 €3^ «7Vi 67^4
Atchxson pffl 000 80^4 K) 8't I
liaitlciore & Ohio.. S.oOO 79 77?i 77%
Kalt & Ofc'.o pfd 88 j
Car.adian Pactflc... 2,tKK) 118»4 117 117
Cea of New Jersey. 200 160 leo ICO
CJusapeike & Ohio. 400 33\i S3 33
Chicago & Alton... 1,000 34>4 34 S4
Chi & Alton pfd... 3,300 "0 75 75%
Chi Great Western. 1.000 1C^ 15% J5\
Cfci G \V B pfd... MM) 27^ 27 U 27 '.i
Chicaco & N W... £.00 1CSH 165?» 165'
Chi Term 6c Trans feti
Cbica&o T 4 T pfd 200 18 18 18
C C. C & St Louis 79
Colorado Southern. . 1,530 10 vj 13 15
Colo South 1st pfd. 200 ESft &4% 64
Oolo South 2d pfd. 300 24 23 23
Delaware Sc Hudson 300 163 1W>4 164^
I>1. Lack &¦ Wfrt 2C4
Denver & llio G... 200 20>4 20>i 20
!><-n & Uio G pfd.. 300 70 70 C8»4
i;rie 15,000 29% 28 28
I-rie let pld 1.&00 CSM -C7% C7U
Kne 2d pfJ <J00 &0V4 431a 49%
Great Northern pfd 170
Hotklr-it Vailey 71%
Hocking Val pfd R2>4
Illinois Central 1,400 131>i ISO 12a'i
I c.va Central 2O',4
Iowa Central pfd SH
K C Southern 100 IS 19 lt>?i
K C Southern pfd 3**4
l^ouis & Nash 4,800 109«4 1O6K 10t>?i
Manhattan L 1.&0O H3* t Ulii 141 >4
Metropolitan 6t Ry. 2,700 124 121 121
Minn & fit Louli.. 200 f2>4 V2V* tfiij
Missouri Taciflc 19,400 03% 90% WO^
Me, Kan & Texas.. 200 17»4 17 lO^i
m. k & t prd — 403 ;» sm :»»,
NU R R Mex pK StJiJ
New York Central. 1.000 11»>4 117>4 II7' S
Norfolk & Tre»tcr3 600 58 07 r>7
Nor & Went pfd t>5 I
Ncr Securities .... K> !
Ontario & V/Mtem. 3.C00 22 1 4 21 V> -3%
Pennsylvania 20,SW 118% 117»{*117 I
P. C. C & at Louis. 200 03H C3U C3
HeadiT* 7.400 43'^ 43% *r.%
luadinc 1st r-M .... 7(T*i
Rtailrs id p.'d Si>
EASTERN MARKETS.
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, strons: No. 3 spring wheat. 73@78c;
No. 2 red. 83®87c; No 2 corn. 44c; No. 2 yel
low. 45c; No. 2 oats. 30%c: No. 3 white, 38'4
fi.TSc: No. 2 rye, 52%c; rood feeding barley,
.14«J1"c; fair to choice malting. 43353c; No.
1 flajweed. &7%c; No. 1 Northwestern. 51 (OH;
prime timothy seed. $2 00; mesa pork' per bar
rel. 513 25<g)13 37%: lard, per 100 pounds, fd flO
07: short ribs sides (loose). S<i 5008 C2%;
short clear sides (boxed). $8 37%@0 60; whis
ky, basis of high wines, $1 27; clover, contract
grade. $11 25.
HONET— Comb. 10®ll%e for -whit© and 8U3
fl^4c for amber: water white extracted. IK?
8Vic; light amber extracted, 4iS04%c; dark
3y.#4c.
EEESWAX— 2"S>»o per lb.
FRUIT— Apricots. 7M«t>%c for Royals and 9
«?llc for Moor-parks: Evaporated Apples 4Q
5V*c: sun-dried. 3@4c; Peaches. 40CJ£c- Pears
C@10c; Nectarines. 435V4c; Tig*, white 4ftiv; c
in boxes; black. 4Uc; riums. pitted. 6®t)c ner
pound.
PRUNES— 1003 crop. 2%C2%c for the four
niz.'S. .
RAIBIXS — F. o. b. urices. Freeno. for 1003
crop; 00-lb boxes— Loose Muscatel. 2-crown.
5Vie per lb: 8-crown. B9»c; 4-crown. 6^c- Seedl
less Muscatels. 4Vlc: do. floated, 4Uc- un
bleached Sultanas, 4 '4c: Thompson's Seedless
CVSc. London layers — 2-crown $1 25- 3-crown
$1 R6; 4-crown clusters. $2; 5-crown' De'hesas'
$2 50: 6-crown Imperials. $3; Malaga Loose 2
crown. 0c per lb; do 3-crown. 5%c: Valencia
Cured. 4Uc: Paclfie. do. S^c; Oriental doT
2»ic. Seeded Raisins — 16-oz -packages fancy
8c per lb; choice. 7%c; 12-ox packages, fancy'
«Hc; choice. 09»c; In bulk, farcy. TKe; choice
794o.
' NUTS— WalnuU. No. 1 softshell. 13UC14C-
No. 2. HH«il2c; No. 1 hardshell 13@13%c :
No. 2. ll@llHc: Almonds, lie for Nonpareils
lO^e for I X L. lOUc for Ne Plus Ultra and
P%e for Lanruedoc: Peanuts. BSTc for Eastern-
Pecans. ll©13c; Cocoanuts. (4 60©5; Chest
nuts. SifflOc Der lb. . . -
Several slight chanerea in Apricots Apples
and Peaches will be seen, hut the market is
dull and largely nominal, as usual at thl« time
of the year. Honey continues weak and dull
at the recent decline. -
Dried Fruitsjfuts, Raisins, Honey
The fruit market was devoid of feature and
a holiday feeling prevailed throughout. Thare
was practically no inquiry for anything and
dealers with large lines of Apples were cut
ting prices in order to effect salea. gome
Quinces and Christmas Apples are still on the
market, but as there is no longer any inquiry
for them the quotations are withdrawn
Tbero was nothing doing In Citrus fruits and
jobbers and retailers were holding off awaiting
the auction sale, which will ba held to-mor
row. Seven or eight cars of Navels, said to
be well colored, will be offered, and dealers
are expecting a good demand, as the market
is practically bare of well colored stock
APPLES— Fancy j Spltzenbergs, $1 50«n 75
pci box: other varieties $l@l 35 for/ fancy,
50<ri00c for choice and 25340c for common
PEARS--Winter Nellls from cold storage
$1 50<S2 per box.
PERSIMMONS— 75c<Ji$l per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $2<32 50
per box for fancy. $1 23gi 75 for choice and
75ce*l 25 for standards; Seedlings, 7.">ci&$l-
Tangerines. $1®1 25. for half boxes and 75c(g*l
for quarter boxes; Japanese Mandarins. $1©1 50
for half boxes; Lemons, $lip2 50 per box; Grape
Fruit. $1«2; Mexican Limes. $104 50; Ba
nanas. $1J?2 per bunch for Hawaiian and $23
3 60 for Central American: Pineapples. $2©3
per dczen.
! Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Th« new year opened yesterday with the
«tr scare on in full steam and stock quota
tions falMmr In consequence. New York wire*
to Boltoa. De Ruyter & Co. said that London
lelesTSuns reported & break of per cent
in Russian and Japanese securities as com
pared with Thursday, while consols declined
H point- This caused London to tell heavily
In New York, and this, with the poor bank
ftaten-.es:, broke the latter market several
points. A gooC deal cf etock was thrown over
by peopl* who thought that the United States
would becotr.* involved in th» Eastern com
rllcatlocs. Poois tuniblvd out large lines of
stock without much regard to prices. The
ba.3k statement ehoxred an incr>ea*-e of Sl«.
000,000 In loans, which was considered unfa
vorable. War insurance on Japanese cargoes,
irhlca was **S1 per cent on Thursday, ad
vanced to 2*5 per cent.
The war talk also advanced Wheat at Chi
eeco from S4^c to ST^c. and the San Fran
cisco irtrket for Jia^- Wheat advanced from
II £r. -„ to $1 BM(, closing at $1 33 bid.
$1 t.-- 9 asked.
Government Money Here.
JuMus Jacobs. Assistant Treasurer of the
T*r.::e<; States at Pan Francisco, reports the
cash on hand Ux the Sub-Treasury on Decem
ber SI. 1803. as follows:
United States notes $ 34.1S4 00
Treasury notes of 1S30 2,"»f> 00
National bark notes 1 7.035 00
Gold certificates 11.2«0 00
Ellver certificates M 0S0 00
Cold coin 23.021. r.19 fiC
Ftandard silver dollars U2. 2." 7. 992 W
Subsidiary silver coin 222. S^l 75
Minor coin 3,042 S4
Fractional currency 14 63
Ooepooa 981 S3
Interest checks, funded loans cf
1907. 19^. 13C5. UOS-UU and
consols of 1930 fSIS 90
Hawaiian e!lver coins 23,312.75
Total $55,643,239 73
Shipped in Pecembsr —
Standard si!v«r dollars $124.T><X)
Fractional silver cola 122,350
Total $246,810
Weather, Report.
(\y<*i Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FTtANClSCO. Jan. 2—5 p. m.
The following ere the seasonal rainfalls to
cate Es oacnpknd with those of the earns date
list wnrm. ani the rainfall in the last twen
ty-four hours:
Lai-t Thi? Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.f<0 18.04 22.00
R"i i5!-ff O.OO 12.17 13. M
Pacramento . <>.<»> 4.fiS 6.71
Han Frar.cisco... O.«W «.C«5 6.15
J-'repno 0.00 0.90 3.21
Independence ... 0.00 0.42 0.S3
ft I*. Obispo O.OO 0.62 6.00
Lcs Armeies 0.00 0.4S *" 4.97
Fan Uiegj 0.00 0.40 6.09
COAST RECORD.
5 2 2 5 *?
I « SI Rj f| s
1 ll II <! U I
STATION. ? 5 «3 =§ f I
: c c : ; §
;<•»;• ;
Baker 30.34 S4 14 SW Cloudy T.
Carscn 30.29 40 22 W Clear .00
Eureka. 23.92 50 40 N Clear .00
Farallja 30.21 52 50 NW Clear .00
Fresno 30. 20 60 40 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 30.24 R4 4 W Clear .00
Pocatello 3O.24 30 23 W Snow .02
Independence .30. :0 f>2 30 W Clear .<«>
Los Angeles. ..?r..(»4 70 42 w Clear .^o
Mt Tanalpals.R0.22 40 40 NW Clear .00
Phoenix CO. 00 66 23 W Clear .00
Portland 30. SO 40 ,>0 EC Cloudy .04
Point Reyes.. 30. 17 BS 45 NW Clear .m
Red BluS .SO. 22 56 36 N Clear .00
P.oseburg 50.36 44 SS NW Clear .00
Cacraraer.ta ..30.20 62 42 N Clear .00
Eait Lake 30.18 34 22 W Snow T.
Fan FTaacisco.30.24 54 46 W Clear .00
B. L. Obispo. .50.12 60 48 N Clear .O>>
Pan Dleeo SO. 00 «W 4S NTT Clear .00
Seattle 20. 32 4« 46 SB Cloudy .16
fpokan* 8O.32 3O 2« FB Cloudy .J4
Taioosh 3O.23 46 44 S Rain .S8
WsJla Walla.. .30.34 42 28 KW Clear .24
Wtsnecmcca .S0.10 40 20 EE Pt.Cldy .00
Tuir.a 30.00 CO 38 NE Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has ris«i steadily over the
rcrthem half of the Paciflc Slope. Over
Bcuthern California it fcas remained nearly sta
tionary.
No rain has fallen In California -during th«
past twenty-four hours. Snow is falling in
Northern Utah and Southern Idaho. Rain Is
falling from Portland northward.
The temperature continues slightly above
th« norm&l throughout Call Torn la.
Heavy frosts will probably occur Sunday
rr.omir.g la the Interior of California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hour*, endlag midnight. January 3 :
Northern California — Fair Sunday: fresh
northerly wind£; heavy frosts in the morning.
Southern California — Fair Sunday, becoming
cloudy at night: fresh north wind.
Neva£a» — K&ir Sunday.
Pan Francisco and vicinity — Fair Sunday;
light north wind, changing to westerly.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
The gross earnings of the California and
Northwestern road for November decreased
$e«42, net $3649. For five months to November
30 gross earnings' Increased $34, CO 7 and net
earnings decreased $10,935. the net earnings
being $194,0OS. against $2:i4,ft4-1 in 1602.
• The gross earnings of the North Shore Rail
road Company for the month of November in
creased $li>C2 05. net earnings decreased $11.-
C29 14, and the operations for the month. In
cluding all charges, show a deficit of $10,
897 G&. The surplus for nine months to No
vember 30 amounts to $S9,60S. an Increase of
$3200 over the same period last year.
The following were ex-coupon yesterday:
United States Government 4?, 1007, spml-an
nual. amounting to $1,764,348. 2s, 1930. $5.
421.520; Alameda Artesian. Water Company 5s,
1915, semi-annual, amounting to $15,000; Cali
fornia Street Cable Company 6s. 1015, semi
annual, amounting to $32,000; Contra Costa
Water Company 5s, 1015, semi-annual, amount
ing to $30,000; Los Anjeles Electric Company
5s. 102S, semi-annual, amounting to $12, oft);
L05 Angeles Lighting Company Os 1^05, semi
annual proportion upon $1,000,000; Market
Street Cable Company fls, 1913, semi-annual,
amounting to $90,000; Northern Railway Com.
pany Company of California 0s, 1907, semi
annual, amonntlng to $154,«80; North Paciflc
Coast Railroad Company 5s, 1912, semi-annual,
amounting to $37,450; Oakland Transit Com
pany 6s, -1018, semi-annual, amounting to
$42,000; Oakland Transit Company 5s, 1931.
semi-annual, amounting to $40,000; Oakland
Transit Company Con. Cs. .1932. semi-annual,
amounting to $32,250: Oakland Water Com
pany. . Guaranteed Cs, 1915. . semi-annual.
amounting to $37,500; Oceanic Steamship Com
pany 5s, .1924, aeml-annuar, amounting to
$60,125; Pacific Electric Railway Company 5s.
1942; semi-annual, amounting to $11.">.7"5; Park
and Cliff House Railway Cs. 1913. semi-annual,
amounting to $10,500; Park Ocean Rail
road 6s, 1914, semi-annual, amounting to $7500;
Southern Paciiic Railroad of Arizona fs, 1909.
semi-annual, amounting to $180,000; Southern
Pacific Railroad of Arizona 6s. 1910. semi
annual, amounting to $120,000: United Gas and
Electric Company 5s, 1932, semi-annual,
amounttne to $22,500; Marln County Water
Company 5s, quarterly, amounting to $2000;
Risdon Iron Works 5s, semi-annual, amount
ing to $16,000; San Francisco and North Pa
cific Railway 5s. semi-annual, amounting to
$100,000; South Paciflc Coast Rall«ray 4s, semi,
annual,' amounting to $110,000; Sunset Tele
phone and Telegraph Company Us, semi-annual,
amounting to $22,500.
The Rupso-Chinese Bank of St. Petersburg
has opened a branch in this city, with A.
Greener, formerly of the Yokohama brancn, as
manager and Irving Lundborz cashier.
The California Wine Association has de
clared a regular monthly dividend of 00 cents
per share, payable January 11.
The Alaska Packers' Association will pay a
regular monthly dividend of $1 P?r share on
January 12.
The following banks are now paying divi
dends to stockholders: San Francisco National
Bank, 3 per cent on the capital stock, amount
ing to $15,000; San Francisco and Suburban
Home Building Company, 12 per cent on the
capital stock and participating certificates;
California Title and Trust Company, regular
quarterly, at the rate of 6 per cent: German
Savings and Loan Society, semi-annual rate of
$55 per share, amounting to $33,000: Humboldt
Savings and Loan Society, semi-annual rate of
$30 per share, amounting to *4500; Mutval
Savings Bank, semi-annual rate of OOc. amount
ing to $4300; Savings and Loan, semi-annual
rate of $2, amounting to $10,000; San Francisco
Savings Union, semi-annual rate of $15,
anicunting to $30,000; Security Savings Bank,
semi-annual rate ot $7 50, amounting to $1500;
Union Trust Company, semi-annual rate of $28,
amounting to $10,950. - -
The Orpheum Company has declared an ex
tra dividend of 25 cents per share.
The_ annual meeting of the shareholders of
the United Gas and Electric Company will be
held January 21.
There was no market yesterday, all the ex
changes being closed.
Ex-dividend yesterday: Twenty-Eight OH
Company. 5c per shjre, amounting to $3000;
California Title Insurance and Trust Company,
a regular quarterly dividend at the rate of 6
per cent t*r annum; the United Railroads In
vestment Company of San Francisco, a divi
dend of IVi per cent on the preferrtd stock;
the California Savings and Loan Society, in
liquidation, a dividend of 8 per cent on all
deposits; the San Francisco National Bank, a
reml-annual dividend at the rate, of 6 per cent
p«?r annum; the Nevada County Bank of Ne
vada City and Grass Valley, a semi-annual
dividend at the rate of 3% per cent per an
num on all savings deposits; the Continental
Building and Loan Association, semi-annual
dividend to-day at the rate Of 5 j-er cent per
annum on ordinary deposits, 6 per cent on
term deposits and 8 per ctnt to stockholders,
the San Francisco and Suburban Hume Build
ing Society, a geml-annual dividend at the rate
of 12 per cent per annum on the capital stock
and particlpatins certificates. The following
banks in Oakland paid semi-annual dividends
on savings deposits at the rate of 3.25 per an
num: Union Savings Bank, Farmers" and
Merchants' Savings Bank, Oakland Bank of
Savings and Central Bank of Oakland.
The San Francisco savings banks paid their
regular semi-annual dividends as already pub
lished.
EGGS— Ranch 344j3flc for choice and 30®
; 33c for small and mixed colors; store 27Vi@
30c; cold Btorajte, 2&©27c; Eastern, 2502. u c
I for cold storap-e. .
UUTTER— Creamery, 25®'_>)5c for extras and
22$24c for seconds; dairy. 17623c; store But
ter, nominal; cold storage. is@22c per lb for
ordinary and 22%«24c for extras
CHEESE— 12®12 He for the general market.
13e for select mild new and 10@llc for lower
grades; Young Americas. 13@14c; Eastern 15>4
(fflCtyc; Western. 14015c per lb. '
Receipts were 12,300 lbs Butter. 238 cases
Eggs and 1.S.10O lbs Cheese.
Yesterday, like all Saturdays, was quiet,
and coming- between two -non-buslncss cays,
did not amount to much. Receipts were In
significant, as will be seen. There wes no
chanpe worthy of comment In Butter and
dealers reported the market at a standstill.
Chevje continued dull as usual, with excessive
supplies and a weak fce-ling. Eggs remained
unchanged, with no feature worthy of re
mark.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. 2. — War news was the chief
topic of conversation before the session opened
and when the bell rang for the opening of
business there was a rush of buying orders In
the wheat pit. No sellers were to be found.
howe\>er. As a result, initial sales showed a
range of an even 2c on May wheat, the price
being M»i«^f>6 8 4C which was an advance of
y t c to 2i 4 c over Thursday's close. Shorts were
active buyers and the price rose rapidly. At
87%c there was considerable liquidation and
the price settled back to 87c. The demand con
tinued gocd at all times, however, and the
market rallied on all small recessions. The
feature of trading was a lack of offerings. On
account of mourning for victims of the Iro
quols fire, the board closed an hour earlier
than is U5ual on Saturday. The shortened ses
sion aiMi'il to the activity. May closed at
87 1 ic a gain of 3c over Thursday's close. The
July option also showed good gains, and after
ranfdng between 8Oc and 82>£c, closed with a
gain of 3Q3>^c at 82%682%c.
The corn market was influenced by the
same conditions that governed wheat and
prices showed sharp advances. Shorts covered
freely and there was also a good Investment
demand, while offerings were extremely light.
May opened %c to Y*&%c higher at 45%©4Gc
to 46^c, and after selling up to 47%c closed
at 47»iJ?47!sC
Oats market started slow, but was soon In
fluenced by the strength In wheat and corn
and showed a fair advance. May closed %@
%c up at 3S?ic.
Perk led the provision list in a sensational
advance and at on<» time ¦was 75c higher for
May over the low point of the day. The war
scare and total absence of deliveries on Jan
uary contracts were the Influences that caused
the higher prices. Offerings were light through
out the entire session. Buying by shorts was
the chief factor. May pork closed 57%c high
er, lard was up 12%@15c, and ribs were 15@
17'/ iC hlrber.
The lending futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No 2—
May 86?i 87% «4% S7^
July 81Vi 82% 80 ' S2i£
September 78 S0& 78 SO
Corn No. 2 —
January 42% 4.I14 42>.i 43U
May 40% 47% 45% 47%
July 45% 47% 45% 47%
Oats No. 2—
January S«iVi 36^ 36^i 3C.4
May 3R% 30 38 H 38%
July 35% 30H 35% 3C»»
Mess Pork, per barrel —
January 13 O7V4 13 20 13 O7»4 18 20
May 13 07Vi 13 82% 13 0714 13 CO
Lard, per 100 pounds —
January 0 87^4 7 02H « 87^4 6 92U
May 7 05 7 27% 7.05 7 17^
Short Ribs, per 100 pound* —
January « 47'^ 6 C2% 6 47*J 6 67^
May 0 77% . 7 00 6 77^ 6 90
Chicago Grain Market.
COFFEE— The market for co.iee closed
Heady. 12f/l4 r>cints M£h*rV Sales. W».000
bags. January. tt.SWiic; February. 7.15c;
March. 7.2OS7.30c; April. 7.S0c: Mav. 7.503
7.0W; July. 7.S0S3 7.S3C; September, 8.C3@S.10c;
October, 8.05c; November, S.15c.
NEW YOP.K, Jan. 2.— Holiday in grain and
provision*.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE FOR TWO DAYS.
Flour ,qr sks .. 8.658 Hides. No 78K
Wheat, ctls 1,431 Wool, sks 1
Parley ctls O.CSO Shorts, sks 240
Oats ctls 450 Screenings, sks.. 200
Cornf ctls 275iFeed. sks 3.15
Rye. ctls 500|Hop». bales 530
Sugar, ctls f.00 Ktraw. tons ... 40
Quicksilver, flka. Kill Hay. tons S39
Paper, reams ... «T.5| Middlings, sks.. 403
nramly. gals .. 11.500 Rran. sks 570
Wine, gals .... 25,1)50 Onions, sks ... w.O
Tallow, ctls ... 58 Potatoes, sks... 8,108
Leather, rolls .. 191 Powder, cases... 83
Pelts, bdls 160
Silver, per ounce — 88
Receipts of Produce.
NEW YORK, Jan. 2.— The statement of av
t-raKfcs of the clearing-house banks of this city
for the five days or this' week shows: Loan?,
JlXjH.57O.SOO, increase, $10,307,700; deposits,
$S7o.Ks,000, Increase, ?20.76O.20O; circulation,
$44.l)25.40(>. decrease, 4-37ft,OOo; legal tenders,
$7o.410.tiOO, Increase. ?2,5O8.3CO; specie, $100.
073,800, decrease. $476,000; reserve. $231. OSiS.-
G0O. Increase. $2,032,300: reserve required.
$221,544.7^5, increase, $5,0C5,0o0; surplus, $0.
541.h75, decreaFe, S3. 032.750: «?x-Un!ted States
deposits, $1S>,7C3,723. decrease. $3,053,725.
Associated Banks' Statement.
There w«s nothing of Interest to report In
the Poultry market. As usual on Saturday
the receipts were very light and as trading
was likewise, prices were largely nominal. The
market was bare of local stock at the close,
but there were 2 cars of Western received,
which were held over for to-morrow's mar
ket. Two cases of dressed Turkeys said to
contain less than 100 pounds in all, were
receive^, and werfl easily disposed of.
Game was In good request and the receipts,
which were moderate, cleaned up quickly.
Several descriptions were qucted higher.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. S0O220 per lb;
$2«T2 25; Goslings, $2fc2 25; Ducks. $5 50t?0
per dozen for old and $0g7 for young; Hene.
$5 6etgO fcr large and |1 60@5 for small;
young Roosters. $5i36; old Roosters $5®5 50:'
Fryers $4 6065: broilers. $l@4 50* for large
and $3 60@4 for small; Pigeons. $1©1 25 per
dozen for old and .$"fr.i 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Mallard Ducks. f3®4 per dozen:
Car.vasback. *3<8M: Sprljr. $2j^ 50; Teal. $1 50
01 75; Widgeon. $1 50^:1 75; small Ducks,
$1 25; Gray Geese. $3<F?3 50; White Geese 75c
ff$l 60; Brant $1 for email and $2 for large;
Honkers. $5 for large and $4 for small; Eng
lish Sntre. $3: common Snipe $1 SO; Wild
Doves. $1 23; Rabbits, f'2 for Cottontails and
$1 50 for Brush; Hare. $1 2S@1 50.
Poultry and Game.
The IVcr Scare and Stocks.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6»4#
7c per lb: White T.ead. G^i@7c. according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 10O-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed end Fine Crushed. 5.(~lc:
Powdered, 5.50c; Candy Granulated, 5.50c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 5.40c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.40c; Fruit Granulated. 5.40c: Beet Granu
lated UOO-lb bags only). 6.20c: Confectioners'
A. 5.40c: Maenolia A. 5c: Extra C. 4.H0c:
Golden C. 4.S0c: "D," 4.7D** barrels. 10c more:
half barrels. 25c more; boxes, 00c more: fO-Ih
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels, 6.00c: boxes. O.lf.c; H. & E. Crystal
Domlnos. 8.40c cer lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrel* cr its equivalent.
COAL — Wellington. «8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $S; Seattle $6 50; Bryant. $•$ 50: Bea
ver Hill. $5 5o : Standard. $7: Ro»lyn. $7:
Coos Bay. *5 60; Greta §7: Wallsend. $7: Rich
mend. $7 30: Cumberland. $1» In bulk and
$14 2r> in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Ekk,
S14: Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $8 £0 per ton: Coke. $11 500
13 oer ton In bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 ,«0 per long ton. according to brand.
OIL3— Quotations are for barrels: for cas»s,
add 5c. Linseed. 45c Der gallon for boiled and
43c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers' AA. $1 IOiJJI 12: Lucol 44c for boiled
and 42c for raw; China Nut, 60070c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil. in barrels. OSc for Ceylon and 55e
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil, SOc; natural winter Soerm Oil. 75c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 65c: natural Whale
Oil. «0c: extra winter strained Lard Oil. ».V;
No. 1 Lard Oil. 75c; pure Xeatsfoot OIL 7r>c;
No. 1 NeaUroot Oil. C5c: light Herring Oil. 4r.c:
dark Herring Oll."-43c: Salmon OH. 3$c: boiled
Fish Oil. 4Cc: raw Fish Oil, 3Sc; boiled Paint
Oil. SSc; raw Paint OH. Z3c.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil
In bulk. 15c; I'earl Oil In cases. 2Hac: Astral.
21V,c; Star. 21Hc: Extra Star, 25>,£c; Elaine.
27%c: Eocene. 21Vl-c: dedorized Stove Gasoline,
in bulk, 17c; in cases, 23Vjc; Benzine, in bulk.
13c: in cases. lt(V.c: 86-degree Gasoline. in
bulk. 25c; In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE — SOc per gallon In cases and
74c In drums and Iron barrels.
BAGS— Grain Basrs,- 5®5V4c: San Quentin,
5.C5c; Wool Hags. u~Jg3oc; Fleece Twine, 7HO
Sc.
General Merchandise.
Local Bank Clearings during the week Just
ended were f27.71G.2t.iO. against $29,491,218
during the PS^Tie w^ck lart v«ar showing a de
crease of Il.77t.e5a.
Bank Clearings.
Rock Island Co... 9.000 23?i 2"J=i 22«i
Rock Island Co pfd 1.000 «1>J tiO\i 60
StL & 6F 1st pfd 60
FtL & SF 2d pfd 40
Bt Louts S W 100 14 14 13
St Louis S W pfd 3Ui
St Paul 14,800 143U 142% 142%
Bt Paul pfd 400 178 178 170
Southern Pacific... 2.MO 4914 47 47
Southern Railway.. 1,200 20» 4 20 1»*4
Jjouthern Ry pfd.. 400 78a 4 7S 7~%
Texas & Paclnc... "DO i5» 4 24^j 24>/8
T, St L &. W KK) 25 25 23H
T. StL & W pfd.. 300 Vi 33 37
Union Pacific 24.200 80 7S 16 n
Vnion Paciiic pfd.. 100 80 00 68
\V abash 100 19»4 19% 19 V4
Wabash- pfd 2,900 o7Vi 3tH 4 StiVt
¦Wheel & Lake Erie ltJV*
Wisconsin Central. . 200 \9% 16% 10H
Wisconsin Cen pfd. l!00 38»i oSbi <JS
Express Companies —
AdaniB 221
American 190
United States 100
Wclls-Fargo 210
Miscellaneous—
Anial Copper 64,400 52 42»$ 47%
Am Car 4: Foun... 200 30 20 li#**
Am Car & F pfd.. 2CO Cb4 Cb«4 6S
Am Linseed Oii '.•
Am Linseed Oil pfd 28
Ara Loccmo 1000 18 10% lt:=4
Am Lucomo pfd... 100 75% 75}, 75^
Am S & Kfng 1,400 41»u 48^ 4§>-i
Am S & Rfna pfd.. 100 'JOS 90*3 90^
Am Sugar Rfng 13.5W 128H l-'4 124
Anacorula Mining.. 400 7«Vj "'.;% 7tt
Iirockivn R T 2«0 70 62V* 48%
Col Fuel & Iron 300 30 V4 30 29
Oo'.um & H Coal 14^
Contol Gas 1,400 1034 191 101
Gen Electric ITT
Inte» Paper 100 11 11 11
Inter Paper pfd 2CO 64% 64% C4
Inter Pump 200 31 31 31
Inter I*ump pfd 73
Nat Biscuit 06
Nat Lead 14U
North Amtr 300 83 82 K b'ihl
Pacific Mall 1C0 23^ 23 tt 23
People'* Gbs ttX> S»7»i 06% 0<J»i
Pr<?fSt>d P <"ar 260 .IOVj :tOV* 3<>
Pi>-s* *d S Car pfd . . 200 70 6i* 68
Pullman Pal Car 217
Repub Steel 300 7»i 7H 7
Uepub Steel pfd... 1,000 42 41 41 M.
Rubber Goods 700 18 18 17=4
Rubber Goods pfd 73^
Ten Coal & Iron... 1.100 3« 3<J SStt
i; S Leather SOU 7H 7Vi I*
IT S leather pfd... 200 76V* 70 7.'» l i
U K Rubber 11V«
T* R Rubber pfd 40^
D S Pteel fi.900 12H 11V» H J a
D K Steel pfd 37,700 67*i 55'-, 55
Western Union ... 100 60^ SU 1^ 86^
Total shares 433.500
UNITED RAn^ROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, Jan. 2. — No bond transactions
to-c'.ay.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..lC6 jLouis & N unl 4s.l00^i
Do coup 100 (Manhattan c g 4s.lC2^i
Do 3s rrg lC5!«|Mcx Cent 4s ... 72
Do coup lC0\»i Do l*t lnc .... 14>4
Do new 4s reg.13^ I Minn & St L 4s. 97
Do coup 133UJM K & T 4s... P7
Do old 4s reg.lf>7H Do 2ds 78^
Do coup 1074 N R R of M c 4s 75
Do 5s res 101 >* »f Y Cent c 3«4s. OS
Do coup 101 V« N J Cent g 5s..l28H
Atchison gen 4s. l"9«ji Nor Pacific 4s 102
Do adjt 4s SS Do 3s 71
Atlantic C L 4s. 93 Nor & W con 4s. 9B%
Ealto t O 4s ...101 O S L 4s & Par. 02
Do 3H« ®5l£ Penn conv 3%s... 05U
Cent of Ga. 5s ..104 Reading Gen 4s.. 95*4
Do 1st inc 69 St L A 1 M c 5s.lU3-i
Ches & O 4%s ..102Vi St L & S F fg 4s. 8.1-
Chi & Alton 3«4s. 70 Bt L S W l«ts 93
C B & Q n 4s. 31*4 Feaboard A L 4s. 7OV4
C M & S P g 4s. HOWj Southern Pac 4s.. SS
Chi * N W c 7s. 1.11 »V Southern Ry 5s.. 16%
CRI&PRR48 OSUlTex & Pac lsts..HG
Do col 5s 73% Tol Pt L & W 4s. 71Ti
CCC4BLs<s.M Union Pac 4s ...101
Chi Term 4s ... SO Do conv 4s 90
Con Tobacco 4s.. 5GV4 V S Steel 2d 5s. 70
Colo & So 4s. R7 !Wabaeh lsts 114%
Denver A R G 4s. 8S j Do Deb B «l
Erie prior lien 4s. fiC^ii Wheel & L E 4s. 89
Do gen 4s 81% Wis Cent 4s 01
Ft W A D C lsts.10.1 I Colo F & I c 5s. 03U
Hocking Val 4^6.103?;
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 2r> Little Chief 06
Alice 13 Ontario 6 00
Greece 10 Ophir 2 SO
Brunswick Con .. 04'-i; Phoenix IS
Cometock TunneL OS'iiPotoel 19
Con Cal & Va 1 10 Savare 45
Hern Silver 1 C5 Sierra Nev 53
Iron Silver 1 8.VSmall Hopes 20
Leadville Con 02; Standard 1 50
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money- W«*tin?h Com 82
Call loans .V30 Mining—
Time loans 5@0H Adventure 3
Bonds — Alloues 4*,i
Atchison 4s 9? Amalgamated .... 47T«
Mex Cent 4s 68*4 Daly West 35
Railroads — | Bingham 22
Atrhison C7mcalumct & Hecla.440
Do prefd KS»« Centennial lS^
Boston A Albany.24f> Copper Range ... 41%
Boston & Maine. 1(57 Dominion Coei .. 71
Uostcn L 140 Franklin »
N Y N H & H ..105 Isle Royale fl'4
Fitchburg prefd.. 135 Mohawk 27
Unldn Pacific ... 78 Old Dominion .... 10
Mexican Central.. »V4 Osceola 63
Miscellaneous — Parrot 21
American Sugar.. 124 Quincy 30
Do rrefd 122 Vi Panta Fe Copper. 14
Amer Til t T. ..124ft Tamarack 100
Domln I & S ... 9 Trinity 5
O*n Electric ...175 United States ... 18
Mm Electric ... 19 Utah SO
Do prefd 75% Victoria 2*4
trnited Fruit OS Wlnona. 714
U S Steel 1H4 Wolverine 68
Do prefd 65*1
LONDON* CLOSING STOCKS.
Cooeols. money .. 87% I x Y Central 12314
Do account 87% j Xor & West .... C9»i
Anaconda 3"ii -Do prefd 90
Atchis ti 71 Vi Ontario &. West.. 23
Do prefd 83'.* Penns>lvania .... 61 K
Balto & Ohio 81H Rand Mines 9%
Canadian Pac ...12134 Pleading 23>4
Ches & Ohio 34»i Do 1st prefd... 40Vi
Chicago G XV ... 16V4 Do 2d prefd S0V4
Chi M & St P.. 150% Southern Ry 2Hi-
DeBeen I9H Do prefd 81%
Denver & R G... 21 % Southern Pacific 50%
Do prefd 71 14 Union Pacific .... 23%
Erie 2!) T /« Do prefd 02
Do 1st prefd... 70?§ U 8 Steel 12%
Do 2d prefd.... B214 Do prefd B9H
Illinois Central ..135H Wabash 20%
Ixmis & Nash . .112?; 1 Do prefd 3SU
Mo Kan * Tex.. 18 '
Bar Silver — Firm, 26d per ounce.
Money — 393^ per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills is 3K>$f3>4 per cent and for three
months' bills Is ZM per cent.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 3@Gc per lb;
String Beans. 6@10c per lb; Wax. 6@10c; To
matoes from Los Angeles. 50c@?l per crate;
Summer Squash from Los Angeles, Jl@l 25 per
box; Cabbage. SOc per ctl; Carrots. 50c per
sack; Hothouse Cucumbers $1 8O per dozen;
Garlic, G@7c per lb: Egg Plant. 10c per
lb; Dried Peppers 5@Sc per lb for Stockton
and H@12i4c for southern; Dried Okra, 12^c
per lb; Green Peppers. 3@Gc per lb; Mush
rooms. 25®Wc per lb; Marrowfat and Hubbard
Squash. $10iS12 per ton for round lots and
}»®lc per lb for sacked.
Considering that yesterday was practically
a holiday, trade in Potatoes was fair and
prices of choice Salinas and. Oregon Burbanks
were well sustained. The best river Burbanks
were steady, but common and inferior offerings
dragged at weak prices. Two cars of Sweets
were marketed and were offered at a decline.
Choice Oregon Onions were firmly held at
?1 25@1 30 per ctl. while local lots were of
fering at Slftl 15.
Local trading in' Vegetables was light, as
most mailers 'were amply supplied, but there
was a ffttrimjuiry for shipment and choice lots
of Lo3 Angeles stock continued to bring good
prices. There was quite a heavy accumulation
of poor quality offerings of Peas and Beans,
carried over from Thursday, on the market,
and FUch stock was slow of. sale, although
offered at easy figures. Old and trashy of
ferings of Los Angeles Tomatoes were grad
ually cleaning up and prices of fresh stock
ranged higher.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. 600
SOc per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1 25#1 40 per
ctl! Oregon Burbanks. O0c@?l 10 per ctl: River
Reds, 5O#00c per ctl: Garnet Chiles. $1@1 10
pei' ctl; Sweet Potatoes, $1 CO per ctl
ONIONS— $101 30 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
As the Grain Exchange was not In session
yesterday there are no official quotations for
grain and its products to-day. A few brokers
gathered informally and stimulated by a sen
sational advance at Chicago from b-iViO. to
87% c on war news. 6old May Wheat at
$1 3.SV»@1 3»Vi. against a closing quotation of
$1 35>,i on Thursday. Cash Wheat was firmer,
with sales of No. 1 Club at $1 4114, while No.
2 Club was offered Rt $1 Z%%.
May Barley sold at $1 07. against $1 Ofi'i
on Thursday, and cash Feed sold at (1 11 U<
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — (4 Sl'.i
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 .Sl« 3
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 S5Vj
New York Exchange sight — 07 Vt
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12 &
Silver, per ounce — 66
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 4.3
Exchange and Bullion.
The market for both live and drewed stock
continued of a holiday character, with quota
tions unchanged.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
¦BEEF— CH@7i4c for Steers and 5©«o per lb
,for Cows.
VEAL— Larse. S£0o; small. 9®10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%®8He; Ewes. 708c
per lh.
LAMB— 914010c per lb.
PORK-r-Dressed Hoss. 7©S%c per lb.
* LIVESTOCK^ MARKET.
The following: quotations aro for good, sound
Livestock, delivered lfl San FrandBCO, less 50
per cent shrlnkaee for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. Sfg9c: Cows and Helfere.
7eSc: thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — ISHVic per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3?i@4c: Ewes. 3Vi®3^o
per lb fsross weight).
LAMBS — *H@6c per lb.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to ISO lbs, S\ic; over
ISO lbs. 0c; soft Hops, 4%c; sows. 20 per
cpr.t off; Boars. 50 per cent off, and Stags, 40
per cent off from above quotations.
Meat Market.
Silver a fraction lower and Exchange rates as before.
New York stocks decline on war news and a poor bank statement.
Local grain and stock exchanges closed all day.
Bank clearings lose $1,774,000 compared with 1903.
Wheat rises sharply at Chicago on war rumors.
Local Wheat follows Chicago up, and Barky also rises.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs in liberal supply and dull.
Provisions firmer at Chicago, but dull and unchanged here.
Xo further variation in Cattle, Sheep and Hogs.
Xot much change in Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Poultry dull and largely nominal. Game firm.
Business in Fruits of a holiday character.
SUMMARY OF THE. MARKETS'.
•Portland. Ore 2,685.323
•Toledo 2.^07.914 .,.. 2.1
Fort Worth a,U38,»37 17.1 ....
Pcorla 2,450,802 5.6 ....
Hartford 2.BM.630 35.0
Rochester 1,785,772 7.7
Atlanta 3,117.187 23.1
Des Molne* 1,857.524 21.3 ....
New Haven 1. 684. 133
Nashville 1.833.683
Spokane. Wash... l.S33.58» 11.2
Grand Rapids 1.627,700 10.5 .-••
Sioux City 1,004,403 „»•;}
Springfield. Mass. 1,148.051 •••• »* —
Norfolk 1,012.731 37.4 .'•••
Dayton 1,329,052 .... H.J
Tacoraa 2.4»M.S42 •••
Worcester ftia.SMO .... »•*
Augusta. Ga 1,374,914 ....' -•-
Portland. Me 1.454.3MO -•»
Seranton 1. 781,776 .... J£*i
Topeka : .1.121.635 17.5
Eyracuse 1.0.17,354 • ••• ••••
EvanavMe 1.285.607 36.8 ....
Wilmington. Del. 1,15(1,301 .... 15..J ,
Rlrminghani 1.11S.O42 «| j
Davenport <-", J43 *>•'>
Kail River 1. 174.736 12.1
I-ltle Rock 1.HS.694 22.7 ....
Knoxville 077. «1S 31.8 ....
Macon (J02.000 11.3
Y/illiesbarre 765,686 3.3 ....
Akron 670,000 .... 19-2,
Springfield. Ill .U47.825 '4.7 ....:
Wheeling, W. Va. ¦ S23.2S3 11.7 ....
Wichita fi5s,3t3« 8.2
Youngstown 473, WO 1.4
Helena C00.960 19.4
1-^xiiiRton 447,188 0.4 ....
Chattanooga 021.141 20.3
Lowell :to."J,784 5.0 ....
New Bedford 533.462 1-1
Kalamazoo 603,756 6.3
Fargo. N. D 410, J74 3.4
Canton, O 403.000 49.8
Jacksonville. Fla. BB5.2C7 8S.8
Gre«-nsburp. Pa... 355.2C2 14.4 ....
Rockford, 111 409.813 9.0 ....
Springfield, Ohio.. 372,433 3*. 8 ....
PI nghamton ...... 318.600 1.2 ....
Chester, Pa 371.(55(5 13. S
Blupmingtm, 111.. 20 1,1 40 6.1
Quincy. Ill 2UU.34O .... 19.3
Sioux Falls, S. D. 201.472 17.2
Mansfield. Ohio... ' 233,807 3.0
Jacksonville. 111.. lU2.tr_"0 1«.5
Fremont; Neb:-... 138.659 7.4
Decatur, 111 244,448 2::.O ....
Texas.. 15,2'J5.B91 13.8
Guthrie 700,772
Charleston, S. C. 1)78,024
Total?, V. S $1,722,694,839 7.6
Outside N. Y... CS3.S1S.727 3.6
CANADA.
Montreal S14.H9S.C94 19.9 ....
Toronto 11,721,520 6.4
Winnipeg 4,081,019 -S.4 ....
Halifax 1.475,928 0.8
Ottawa 1.505.847 8.7
Vancouver. B. C 1,741,724 49.4 ....
Quebec 1,223.305 10.9 ....
Hamilton O4O.441 19.9
1st. John, N. B 873,156 22.4
i Victoria, D. C 511..160 44.7
I London »J04.1UO 3.5 ....
Totals. Canada.... |40,3eS,193 7.3
JNot included in totals because containing
other items than clearings. 'Balances paid in
cash.
10%c; dry Hides* 13@lCc; dry Kip, 13c; dry Calf.
1S«; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25@30c each; short
Wool, 40ige0c each; medium. 70300c: long
Wool. J1R1 60; Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large and I2JJ2 DO for medium. $1 23®1 75 for
email and 00c for Colts: -Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for Urge and $1 00 for medium. S1Q1 25
for small and COc for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 31c: dry salted Mexican. 2Sc: dry
Central American. 31c. Ooat 6Wns — Prlnai An
goras. ~5c; large and smooth. 50c; medium; 33c;
small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4#c per lb; No.
t, 4c: mease. 2M»©3c.
• WOOL — Fall clip — Ban Joaquln Lambs'. 93
lie: Middle County, ll©12c; Northern Free.
ll®12e; Northern Defective. 10011c; HumbolJt
and Mendoclno. 12a He: Nevada, 13® 15c: Ore
gon fine. 18©19c; Oregon medium. l"c per lb.
HOPS— 20®C4c per lb for California.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 3, 1904.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Jan. 2.— WHEAT— Blue steam.
78c; club. 75c. .
PORTLAND. Jan. 2. — WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 78c: blue item, 78c; valley, T&c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Jan. 2.— Clearings. v $3lJ0.S78;
balances, 175.538. ¦»
SPOKANE, Jon. 2.— Clearlnn, $4SS.0C2; bal
ances, |T0,13U. -
LOCAL MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
39
AUCTION SALES
fe £* Jfea
CLOSING OUT SALE
65 SHIRE HORSES
Belonging to the estate of J. nBXDERSO?*
(deceased). Riley. Or These fine horses ar»
between 4 and 8 years old, weigh from, 1400 to
1800. and are all broken, slngl* and double.
Sale takes place
WEDNESDAY EVENING. JANUARY C. 1904.
(At 7:30 Sharp.)
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
248 THIRD ST.. NEAR FOLSOM.
Horses at salesyard ' January 4.
Catalogues ready.
WM. G. 1ATSO. Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE.
£* • &* £a
On MONDAY January 4 at 11 o'clock, at
fil 5 and 617 ELLIS ST.. between Hyde and
Larkln. By order of the Hon. E. E. Schmttx
Mayor. w« will sell a lot of condemned Flr«
Department Horsea. We will also sell a lot
of well broken horses and: mares, suitable for
all purposes, consigned to us by L. C. Reese
of Merced.
3. WATKINS ft CO.. Auctioneer*.
BACWAY TSAVXaC;. _ nj^ nnnnMi
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains lear* and are due to arrive at
.SAN FHANCISCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street )
¦inn — From Dic»)I»i» W. U03. — a»»it«~
Vac«Tl!ie. Wlutem. Kuimey 7^65'
7.00 * Beclcla, SuUuu, Eiialra tad Sacra-
meotu ...-. 7-Zir
7JDa Vallejo. Jfspa. Caltstog*. Ssata
Uosa. Martinez. S«aK»mon 6Z3P
7.33a Nliet. Llrermore, Tr»cy. Lstbrop.
Stockton 7.2S*
8.00a Shut* Express— (Via Davis).
WCliam* (for BartleH Springs),
Willows. tFruto. Ued Bluff.
Portland. Tacoms, Seattle 7-53*"
8.00a D»TU.Woodl»nd. Knights Landing.
Marrsvine. Oro»IUe 7-55*
833* Port Costa, Martiaes. Antioca.
Byroa, Tracy. StocXtou, N"«w-
mso. Los Ounos. Mandota,
Armona, Ilanford. V 1 * a I ! a.
rorterrllle 4^5»
8.33* Port Coato. Murtlnes. Tracy, Lath-
rop, Modesto, Uereed. Fresao.
Oos&ea Janctlon. Ban fora.
Vl«alt«. Baienfleld 4.53»
830a 2>lles, 3«n Jose, Llrermore. 3tock-
loii, (tMllton). l«os. Sacramento,
Placervtlle, MsrysTllle, Cilco.
Ited Elnff 42Sf
8.30* Oakdalo. Chinese, Jamestown. So-
nora. Tiiolamna and Angela 4 23*
9 00» AtlnutiuRxpross — OK>ien«adBMC. 11.23a
8J0a Richmond. Uartlnes and Way
SUtlons BSSp
IOCOa Tbe Orerla»d Limited — Ogdea.
Denyer. Ou»>l»i». Chlcajo. 825^
104J0a VMleJo_ 122j»
10.00a Los Acreles Passenger — Port
Costa. Marttnec. Prroa. Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
IUycioud. Fresno. Gosaen Janc-
tton. Hanford, Lemoore. Vtsalla.
Bakersflcld. Los Aogsle 7-25i»
12.00n Hay ward. Riles and Way Stations. 3.25i»
t'.OOi" 8acraraentoHlTer Steamers tll.OOP
iZQ* Dentcls. Winter*. 8acrMoento.
Woodland. Knights Lanaing.
JUry*V.::e. OtstHIo aad way m
ttaUoas « '9??*
5.3(2* nayward.Niles and Way Stations.. 7*5*
3.39 p Port Costa, Martinez. Byron,
Tracy. Latarop, Moletto,
)!erced, Fmsno and Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Costa 1225*
3.30f Marline*. Tracy. Stockton. Lodt... 10-234
4C0r Martlnex,SanRanyMi.ValleJo,Napa,
. Caliatoga. 8ant» lto«a 9 23*
4.00r JTlles, Tracy. Stockton. Lodt 425p
4 30r Ilayward. NUes. lrTlnzton. Saa I «.
Jose. Llrennore ) :11.55a
6 CO? The Owl Limited— Kewman. Los
U«no». Mendota. Fresno. Tulara,
llakertflcld. Los Angeles.
Golden Btate Limited Sleeper.
Oakland to Los Angeles, for CM-
. cago. vta C. R."i- *P 853a
6-OOp Port Costa, Tracy. Stockton 12.25P
t5 3Cr Hayward. Sites *nd Saa Jose 7-2Sa
6. OOp H.iyward, NUes and Saa Jose 9.^5a
6.00r Eastern Express— Opden. Dearer.
umtta, St. Louis. Chicago and
Kast. Port Cotta. Benlela, Bui-
¦ an. KimlrA, I>avU, Saerainenta,
Kocklla. Aabarn. Colfax.
Trucker. Uoca, Reno, Wads-
worth, Wlnnemaeea 5 25'
6.00r Vallejo, dally, exeept Soaday.... I 7 -s-
' 70Qy Tsllejo. Sundsy only t '••»•»'
7.C0f WchraoaiU Ban Pablo. Port Costa,
Martinez and Wsy Stations 11 .23a
8 G6> Oregon ft California Express — Sac-
ramento, MarraTtlle, Beddlag.
Furtland. Pug«t Sound sad East. 833 A
9.1 Or Bay ward. Nile* and San Jose (9un-
dayonly) 11.6S*
COAST LINE (Sarrow Uxagt).
(Koot of Market 8treet.)
8.15a Newark. CeoterTUle. Ban Joae.
Fetton. Bonlaer Creek. fianU
Crux sod Way Stations 5 53*
t2-15r Newark. Ccnterrtlle. San Jose,
Bew Almaden.Lo* Gatoi .7e;ton.
Bonlder Cr«ek, Santa Crus and
Prtnelpal Way SUtlons tlO-554
4.15r Newark. San Joee, Los Gatos aad t • 3.55 a
way tutloos >^10 55*
C9-30F Hnaters Trs'n. Saturday only. Sa»
Joae aa<l Way Stattoos. Retara-
In? from Lo« GtUM Sunday only. ?7 ZSr
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From BANMCAN CISCO, > out or Market St. (Sl!|> »
— t'r.li t:GO U:0OAJi. 1X0 3X0 515f.m
From OAKLAKD. Foot of Broadway —?«:(» J3:0l
t»:05 lo.O) a.m. 12 00 200 4 00 r.tt.
COAST LINE <BroaJ tiangeu
ty~riPlrd an.1 To<rn»«nd Streets.)
610* San Jo»e and Way duclons SSUr
i 7 00a Saa Joae aad War atlttons B 35r
800* New Almaden (Taes., Frld.. only), 4-lOr
8 CO* The Coaitc^— Stops only Sao Jo«e,
Ollroy ('onaeition for Dolils- >
ter). Pajaro. CastroTllle (con-
necttoo to and tram Monterey
and Pacl3e Grove), Sa!toas. Saa
Ardo, Paso Roblea. Santa Mar-
garita. San Lois Obispo. principal
stations thence Surf (coaoectloa
for Lompoc). principal stations
thence S inta Barbara, ran Baenv
Tentnra, Faagus. Los Angeles... 10X45*
8.C0a gin Jose. Tres Plnos, Capttola.
SantuCraz.PaclOc Orort.Sslinna,
Sun Liris Obispo aad Principal
Way Station* 4.1O
10.30a Can Jose and Way SUtlons 1.20r
11 20a Santa Clara. Saa Jose, Los Qstos
and Way Stations /JOr
IZOr San Jose and Way SUtions 8>.S*4
3.C0>* Del Monte Rxpress— Santa Clara.
Saa Juf«, Del Monte. Monterey.
Fsclnc Grove (cuoaecU at Saot»
Clant for Sants Cms. Boulder
irift aad Narrow GaagePoinu>
st Ollroy for Hollister. Tre>
Pino*, at CnatrovlKe for Salinas. 12-15*
3-30p Tres Plnos War Passenger 10 4"5a
4 30p Baa Jose aad Wsy SUtions ?3-00a
tSOQr San Jose, (iU SanU Clara) Los
(iato*. and Principal Way Sta-
tion* (sxcept Saoday> *9 C8*
{630i" SanJoseandPrincipalWayStatlons {9.40a
S.COp Sunset L!mltrd.— U<*wo> «1. 6an
Jo»e.ClIror,Sa!lnas,Paso Kobles.
Eaa Luis Obltpo, Sou Barharv
Los Augeles. Demtag. YA Pa«o.
New Orleans. New York. Con-
nect* at Psjaro for SabU Crm
and at Ca*tronil* for Pacifto
Ororo and Way Stations 7-18a
t3-1Sr £aaM»teo,BeresfoTd,BelmaDt.Saa
Carlos, Kedwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Tark. Palo Alto tS43«
8 ?0r 6»n Jose and Way SUtlons. 6-33*
8X07 Palo AUo and Wsy Buttons 13.15a
11.301- Sooth ban Francisco, Mmbrae,Bur-
llngame. Saa Mateo, Betmont.
Saa\ Carlos. Redwootl, Fair Oaks.
Menlo PaTk. and ralo AUo 8-45*
•11.307 Mayfleld. Mountain View. Svnny-
TSle. Lawrence. Sanu Cltra and
¦ ¦¦'¦. SaaJose t9.45i
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
1 Sunday exceated. / X SnnJJay only.
n Satardny only.
I Stops »: all tutloni on Sunday.
t*~Only trains ttopptng at Valencia St. Roathnoam
an* 6:10 a.m.. T:U0a.m., U:JO a.m-.3:C0p.m.. S:IO r.M. aa.
1:00 F.H.
|8Saa^iSI TOSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
¦ l^^^^^l MILL VALLEY,
! 1^^^^ CAZADERO, Etc
! 8uburban Service Standard Gauge Electric—
' DepaH from 8an Francisco Daily-7:00 J:^.
' S-13 B-13 7"0O S:*5. 10:20. 11:43 p. m.
I FROMSANliAFAEL TO 8 AM FRANCISCO
Diilv 5-23 «:35 T:4O. 3:S3. O:C». 11:C5 aw
ira.7 12 :20;' 1^43 SIM. 3:45. 4:43. 5;43. «:43.
I TO BAN .FRAN-
! rTqrrv—Dally 5:43, 8:03, 7:52. 8:53. J):53.
11 fw\T^ 12^3 T2:00. 3:13. 4:05. 0:03. «;«;
7-oa a - 0O 10:35 p. m. • •
7.03. J.w. l TllR^ van rmxzxB.
R-CO a m dally — Cazadero and way stations.
BOJ p ; ml week days (Saturdays exccpted>—
Tomales and way stations.
3:13 P. m. Saturdays— Casadero aad way sta-
tions
Sundays - only— 10 a. ta.. Point Reyes ta4
1 way stations.
TICKET OFFICE — 62« Market et.
i TERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market St.
; Mt. Tamalpais Railway
" Leave Tia Siualit* ferry Arriv*
SanFrandaco f»t «f lurtu gj San Frandaci
Week Sao- Son- IWee?
Days. d3>-a Day*.
•l:45p 9:OOa WBBWBg l:25r*:SOp
6:13p 1O:OOa 1V&«Sv »:SO- A:5Of
ll:OO A >KtSgF 4:SOr »:IO*
,,, , l:45r 5:5Or , »
,„„,„,, . .tri^f T;nn»
•Csilid Tita lap tu ** My— MB T3i*w Cay
neir J i£& MAaitrT ST.,(N'orJi Shore Railroldj'
UKSB I aad Sausalito Fzuiy, Foot Market 9t»
SEE THE FULL PAGE ¦
PHOTOGRAPH OF
BEAUTIFUL 3USS M0ISE
isEXT SUNDAY" CALL
•!• ' £•
'£jrj^ OCEAN TBAVIX. <
~~- — — ~ ' ' 1
¦ Steamers leav* San Fran- S
/^v^*~^©r\ dsco as follows: -^
«rT \»j\ For Ketchlkan, "Wrangel.
Hi/ vCSS^a \^\ Jun«au, Halnos. Skaguay.
I I VKSSa. I I *tc, Alaska— 11 a. m.. Jan.
\ I \VSS»/ 1 2. 0. 11. 1G. 21. 2t5. 31. Feb.
\*\ \\ 7^°/ °- Change to company" s
V5ivJ__^^v steamers at Seattle.
Xfl/'tSnS^ For Victoria. Vancouver.
-"^ Port Townaend. Seattle. Ta- . .
coma, Er^rett. Wnatcom — 11 a. m., Jan. 2. 8.
11, 16, 2L 26, 31. Feb. 6. Change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and
G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma to N, P. Ry-; j
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. . „ »
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. l:»0 .
p. m.. Jan. 6. 11. 17. 23. 29, Feb. 4; Corona. ;
1:30 p. m.. Jan. 2. 8. 14. 20. 26. Feb. 1. ; '
For Lc» Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and | J
Redondo). San/ Diego and Santa Barbara^ : '
Eanta Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m. • ;
For Lot Angeles (via San Pedro and East , •
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon- , (
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (San 1 j
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Jan. 4. 12. 20. 23. Feb. 8.
Bonlta, 9 a. m.. Jan. 8. 18. 24. Feb. 1. .
For Eneenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jo«e de. j
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro- '
salia. Ouaymaa (Mex.). 10 a. in.. 7th ot each
month.
. For further Information obtain folder.
Right is rissrved to change steamers or sail-
Ing dates.
TICKET OPPICE3 — 4 New Montgom-
; ery etreet (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves.
Freirht office, 10 Market street
C. D. DUNANN. General-Passenger Agent.
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. /?- & N. CO.
"Columbia" tails Jan. 8, IS, 23. Feb. 7.
17, 27 and Marrh 0. "George "W. El-
der" sails Jan. 3. 13, 23, Feb. 2, 12. 22 and
March 4. Only steamship line to PORTLAND,
OR , and ehort rail line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all points, all
rail or steamship and rail, at LOWEST
¦RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth and
meals. Steamer swlla foot of Spear St.. at 11
a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. 1
Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt.
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL. STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steanrers will leave wharf, corner Flr>>t and
Brannan ?tr»?ts, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and Hongkong, calling at Kobe (Hlogo). Naga-
saki and Shanghai, and connecting at Hong-
kong with jteamere for India, etc. No cargo
received on board on day of sailing.
S. S. AMERICA MARU
; Monday, January 23, 1904
S. S. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. February 17. 1904
S. S. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday, March 15. 190*
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
S. S. MARirOSA, for Honolulu^ Jan. 6. 1904.
«? S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Jan. 9. 11 a.m.
s' s' SONOMA, fcr Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday, Jan. 21, 8 p. m.
U. SF.LKElliBS3S.HI., IStl..Mlt0flb,H3 lamia
Wfikt.Cks.UI taiUILnsTb. UuOt ti
C0KPA6HIB GENERALS TBAHSATI.AKT1373.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. J,^^,
Sailing every Thursday inst^nd cf OftJZgi)
' Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. »*•*•***•
; North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
• ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
I CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
! New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
' Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
: Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mare Island and Vallejo 3taamoT«.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO —
9-45 a m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 0:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 am. 12:30 find 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. 50 cents. Tel.
Main 150S. Piar 2. Mlsslon-st.. dock. HATCH
BROS.
gAIIiWAY TEAYEL.
CALIFORNIA I
LIMITED TO CHICAGO |
j LEAVES DAILY |
I at 9:3O a. m.. throngrh in R days. S
I with diner and all trapping's. |?
Other Santa Pe Trains:
7:30 a. m. 1 for Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
S*:30a. m. V Merced, Hanford and Vlsalla.
S:OO p. to. J
4:00 p.m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OrriCE— G41 Market St.. and
Ferry Depot, S. F. Also 1112 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 27 Sonth First
St.. San Jcse.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCbbO ANu NUKTH PACIFIC
2AILWAY COMFAinr.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot 02 Market Street.
SAN FKA2TCZS0O TO SAN EAFAEI..
WEEK DA.YS— 7:30. 9:00 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30 5:10. 0:30 p m. Thursdays — Extra trio
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:0O. 9:30 11:00 a, m.; 1:30.
3:30 5:CO 0:20. 11:30 p. in.
SAW BAFAEL TO SAJT FXAICCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 7:35 7:50. 0:20. 11:13
a. m.; 12:50 3:40. 8:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:CO. 9:40. 11:15 a, m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:66. 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1003. |San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I dars. | tlon. I days. | Days.
7:30a 8:0Oa l 9:10a 3:40a
9:80 a Ignaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 3:30 p 8:05 p 9:20 p
5:10p 5:C0p 7:35 p .
7 -30 a — — — —_—_—_—
8:00 a Novato. 10:10 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30a Petaluraa 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:33 p
5:C0p Eanta Rosa.
7,30 al ~~~~ 10:40a!10:20a
I 8:00 a Fulton. 7:33 pi 6:20 p
8:S0pl 3:S0p | j
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg. 10:40a 10:20 a
Lytton.
S:30p 3:30 p GeyservIUe. 7:33 p 6:20 p|
Cloverdale.
7:.*M>at 8:00 at Hopland. 110:40 allO:20 a '
3 :30 p| 3:30 p| and Uklah I 7:35 p| 6:20 p ,
"7T30TI 8:0Q~a| Willlts. 1 7 :ZS pt 6~2O~p J
7:30 at 8:0Oa| 110:40 aj 10:20 a
3:30p!3:30p| GuernevUle. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p I
7:30 al S:0Oa| Sonoma, I 0:10 at 8740~3 !
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. I 6:06 pj 9:10 p •
7r30a| 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20~a
3:30 p| 3:30 pi Sebaetopol. I 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln: at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey.
servllle for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Boonevllle and Greenwood; at
Hopland for. Duncan Springs, Highland Springs '
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Eoda Bay. Lake. •
port 'and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Spring*. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel |
D«ll Lake. Witter Spring". Upper Lake, Pomo '
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerly'si |
Bucknell'* Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville Orr"s
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche." Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg
Westport, Usal: at Wllllts for Fort Bragg
Westport Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Layton-
vllle Cuznmings, Bell's Springs. Harris. Ol-
sen's. Dyer. Garberville. Pepperwood. Scotia
and 'Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. 'j -
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 630 Market street. Chronic!*
building.
H. C. WHITINO. R. X. RYAN.
Cen. Manager. Cera. Pass. Azt.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 3, 1904.
40
REAL ESTATE CITY— FOR BALE. J
F. B. SURRYHNE. . - I
, Real Estate Arcnt.
133 Montgomery »t. 1
My January number catalogue for the new
year will contain a selected and choice list of
properties for sale in all parts of the city.
Do not fall to secure one.
$0500 — Close to Greenwich and Montgomery ;
front and rear flats in good condition: rents
$55 per month; lot 30x120.
$7600— Flllmore Bt., near Vallejo; very choice
location; modern residence, 8 rooms and bath;
unobstructed marine view; sunny key lot,
37:6x83; large mortgage can remain if desired.
$6000— Pine st., inside of Larkin; house of
7 rooms and bath.
$7250 — Laguna st., best part Pacific Heights;
2 modern flats, ti and 7 rooms; rents $52 60
per month; lot 25x100.
$5900 — Near Van Ness ave. and Vallejo: good
2-story bay-window house, 7 rooms and bath;
large sunny lot, 25x137 :&
$2000— Near Market and Noe; cottage, 8
rooms and bath.
$10.000— Clay st, best part of Western Ad-
dition; three handsome new flats. 7 rooms and
bath each: rents $132 50; lot 25x137:6.
$13,250— Near Clay and Broderick; 3 new
modern flats; rents $105; large sunny key lot.
$4300— Union st., near Flllmore;. nice com-
fortable house, 0 rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6.
$15,000— Will submit any reasonable offer;
Mission st; 4 3-story houses, 0 rooms and
bath each; very substantially built; rented low
at $110: large lot; very anxious to sell.
$2250 — Close to Clement and Fifth ave.:
nice ' cottase, 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x120;
easy monthly payments if desired.
$12,000 — Close to Devlsadero and Pine sts.;
2 handsome modern flats of f and 10 rooms
and bath each; rents $110 per menth; large
sunny key lot; a bargain.
$6500— Close to Larkin and Vallejo; sub-
stantial double house, 7 rooms and bath each;
rents $00 per month: flne large lot, 50 ft. front.
$0500 — Jones st. ; flne house of 10 rooms and
bath and 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms, in crood
condition and sunny; rented low at $70 per
month.
$25.000— Corner in best part of Western Ad-
dition; handsome new improvements; rents
$225 per month; large lot; further particulars
at this office-.
$16,000 — Near Devisadero and McAllister: 3
flne new flats 7 rooms and bath each; rents
$127 50 per nionth; lot 25x112:6,.
$0500— Not far from McAllister and Brod-
erick; 3 substantial flats, 7 rooms and bath
each; rents $90; lot 25x100.
$ll>,000— Close to Sutter and Buchanan; three
very choice fiats, 8 rooms and bath each; rents
$165; lot 27:exl37:C.
$11.500— Near Haight and Pierce; 3 flats. 6
rooms and bath each; rents $S2 50; lot 25x95.
$7250 — Close to Baker and Grove; 2 modern
flats 6 and 7 rooms; rents $60; lot 25x100.
$S00O— Corner on Eddy st; 2 small stores,
with flat above, and 2 flats of 5 rooms each In
rear; total rental $71; large lot; this Is a
bargain.
$4000— Corner on Laguna »t.; 2 nice flats, 4
rooms. each; rents $30. '
$4050 — Close to Haight and Scott: flne 2-
story bay-window house of 7 rooms and bath:
lot 25x100; $2500 can remain on mortgage If
desired; this Is a bargain.
$5000— Close to Devisadero and Oeary: two-
story house, 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6.
$10.000^ — Fine north corner on Sacramento
st; best part of Western Addition; 9 rooms
and bath. ,, „
I hav e a very choice list of residences all
through the Western Addition and Mission.
See me before purchaslns.
$1100— Sacrifice; corner on 19th st, short
distance from car line; 67x105. ;
F B. BURRYHNE. 138 Montgomery st.
Full charge taken of property. Insurance
placed. ¦ __
HENRYSTERN
(Of David Stern & Sons).
THURSDAY, JANUARY 14, 1904,
At 12 o'clock noon.
At Salesroom,
11 MONTGOMERY ST.
COLE STREET.
~~Z 100 25 I 25 | 25 | 25 | 25 I 25 | 25
s s I
?a
g 137:6 137:6 fi
Si u*
r — m
V ; — , OT
gs_ 8g
is * sjj
' 8 if
I? 137:6 | 137:6 «*
to 100
ei
r. ?
Z 8 I
M
£ 10 ° 25 _25_ 25 25 25 25 25
CLAYTON STREET.
" STREET WORK DONE.
FACING GOLDEN GATE PARK.
38 CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
FELL ST.. BOULEVARD AND PANHANDLE.
FELL. HAYES. CLAYTON AND COLE STS.
40 per cent cash, balance at 6 per cent in-
terest.
For further particulars apply to
HENRY STERN. 11 Montgomery «t
n^n \
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST QOMPANY,
410 MONTGOMERY ST..
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN HAY-
WARD BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
SHOULD THE TITLE TO AN OWNER'S
LOT. prove worthless, after his building was
erected and he not be insured by the California
Title Insurance and Trust Company he would
be exposed to the loss of both land and build-
ings, a misfortune much greater In scope than
that arising from flre.
THE ADVANTAGES SECURED BY EM-
PLOYING this company in a trust capacity are
permanency, security, efficiency, accuracy and
economy. Where it is appointed executor no j
charge will be made for drawing a will, which
can be deposited in a sealed envelope under
trust number and kept in the company vault.
AH trust funds kept separate.
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete local-
ity plant or copy of the real estate records,
constructed especially for insuring real estate
titles like modern plants of New York, Boston. !
Chicago and Eastern cities; reasonable rates;
regular trust company business transacted un-
der State charter: all matters controlled and
managed by the following
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD,
President Bank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP.
Vice President Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE,
Of Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS,
President California Optical Co.
P. N. LILIENTHAL,
Manager Anglo-Callfornian Bank.
WARREN OLNEY.
Olney & Olney, Att'ys and Counselors.
CHARLES PAGE.
Page, • McCutchen & Knight, Att'ys.
A. T. SPOTTS.
Mgr. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN B. SPRING.
Capitalist 630 California st
W. J. GUNN. ~~~ ~
B30 CALIFORKIA STREET.
(Savings Union Building.),
$1750— One left: sunny side Union: very cheap
lot: 25x100; near Broderick; grand marine
view; ready for building; residence to go I
up on lot to the west, and two flats on !
adjoining one; just sold; eaey payments; j
only $250 first payment: installments, $40;
location is most desirable for flats, being
on the sunny side and having the marine
view; there are no vacant houses or flats
around here and the demand is great
$3300 — Webeter st. : business corner: 25x110.
$6500 — Two flats: Larkin st.; 7 rooms: bath-
room in each; 41 feet frontage; One ma-
rine view; Income $45 BO monthly.
$1950 for both; 2 lots. 25x140: east side Elev-
enth ave., 150 feet north of Clement, on
the grade, ready for building; elevated
and sightly, as this is the highest part of
Clement St.; street sewered and macad-
amized: electric cars within a few »tepa;
.these lots are very choice, and many buy-
ers like to get lots on the east side.
$3S5 for choice lot. very cheap; 25x120; with- !
in a few steps of the . electric cars that
¦ ' r,i run on Clement street: easy payments; $50
down:' ready for building; lots further
out are selling: at $700; we have a block
i opposite, but cannot selr less than $700
per lot. •
$2300 — Cheap lot; Webster street: 25x110; east
side; all street work done; well located;
a fine buy: a few steps from cars.
• ~* W ' J ' GUNN - C3 ° California St.
> THREE beautiful new flats for sale on 16th st.,
i near . Church. ' bringing big rents. Apply D.
: CONDON*, builder and owner, 1161 Ellis st
REAL ESTATE Country — For 3»Ie.
BUY a cheap home: send stamp for list: e h:c *r
en ranches, alfalfa, stock, fruit and general
farms. W. J. WHITE. 2tt Montgomery st.
SONOMA and Santa Clara farms, orchards, al-
falfa, grape, grain and poultry farms, vu-
__TERJJEN REALTY CO.. 1035 Market st.
ALFALFA our st>ecialty: best alfalfa land at
$20 cer acre: ditch and artesian water. *".
H. JORDAN CO.. llti Montgomery st.
LAND in San Joa.iuin for rent; will soil
cheap. Owner. 454 Thirty-fourth st.. OaHIanu.
BEAUTIFUL Menlo .Villa; 10 acres; snaj,
GORDON, Cruyaley buliding.
SAN MATEO EEAL ESTATS.
SAN MATEO — SAN MATEO
THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDENCE
DISTRICT NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
We have a choice list of excellent residence
properties, villa sites and acreage. Don"t fall
to see us before buying. Investigate Saa
Mateo Park. The ideal property of them all.
Lots of about cne acre »ach. Easy term*.
Bound to be most valuable. See our local
agent Frank S. Grummon. San Mateo office
open Sundays.
•BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post it.
,
"~~~ SAN MATEO— BURLINOAME.
Best suburban homes near San Francisco;
no ferry; electric railroad now running; lota
and residences for sale; we can sell good lot»
; as low as $500 each; we will be glad to show
1 them; we also have some acreage land near by
as low as $100 to $200 per acre.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
; 108 Montgomery St., San Francisco. Kealden*
I agent S. G. COODHUE, Weetern TJnloa Tel.
bldg.. San Mateo. ¦ __
POINT RICHMOXD REAL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargalM: all tracts;
papa, photos, etc BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
4 LOTS cheap for cash. 323 Busa st. roam
4. .third floor. ¦ . __
SAN RAFAEL. REAL ESTATE.
StTNNY home. 8 rooms, bath, electricity^! itabl»,
garden; near atatlon; bargain. Box 2732^Call.
HEAL ESTATE TO EXCHASGB.
100 UNIMPROVED city lots, $230 each. OOR-
DON. Crossley bulldlnjr.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMKDA REAL ESTATE.
A HOME FOR EVERYBODY.
$1000— S-room 1%-story cottage; lot 23x101)
terms.
$1000— 8-rocm 1-story cotUgs; lot 28x100 J
terms.
$1400— 6-room 1-atory cottar*; lot 23x100;
terms.
$1750— C-room 1-story cottage; lot 2«xl23; V
cash.
$2150— 7-room 1-story cottage; lot 64x150;
$500 cash.
$2150— 5-roora 1-story cottage; lot- 40x1 13; $4
cash. i
$2300— 6-room 1-story cottage: lot 80x150; %
cash.
$31C0— 7-room 1-story cottage; lot 60x150; %
rash.
Two nice water front cottage* oa Central
ave.. near station; bargains; large list of realty.
Apply to A. R. DENKE. 1400 Webster st.
LOOK OVER OUR LIST OF BARGAINS.
The best propositions ever offered in, real es-
tate. Positive bargains. Beautiful homes.
Great values.
$2500 buys beautiful 8-room cottage, recep-
tion hall, complete.
$2500— Fine 5-room furnished cottage; lot
60x272. •
$3100 — 8-room, cottage, partly furnished; lot
40x100; a sna?.
$3500 — Elegant 7-room Colonial house; a bar-
gain.
$450O — 8-room modern house: lot 50x150; sta-
ble: near trains and schools.
$5000 — Great bargain; beautiful corner lot
together with elegant modern 8-room house;
all modern conveniences.
Seeing is believing. Investigate and be con-
I vinced.
Want to trade for San Francisco property
j one of the finest homes in Alameda: originally
i cost $22,000: 1O rooms; lot 75x137:8; elegant
j corner lot; will sacrifice to trade; open for on*
j week; here Is a chance to secure a home at a
! bargain.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park at.
' $4,250^ — GRAND investment: 2 modern 5-roora
cottages; always rented; pays 8 pet
cent net.
$2.500— Fine 6-room cottage: lot 50x287; snap.
$7,500 — 2 modern 9-room houses; San Jose ave.
and Chestnut; steam heater; cement
basement: grand and artistic finish;
lawn, fruit trees and shrubbery.
$10,C0O — Modern 10-room house on Santa Clara
ave.-. lot 50x207^2; flne stable, great
lawn, oak trees. •
ALAMEDA IS THE FINEST CITY IM THB
WORLD IN WHICH TO LIVE. CALL AND
HAVE US SHOW YOU AROUND AND YOU
WILL BUY NOWHERE ELSE. FINESt
STREETS; UNEXCELLED' SEWERAGE 8YS.
TEM- EXCELLENT SCHOOLS; RAILROAD
TRANSPORTATION PEERLESS.
THE LEADING AGENTS.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
- 1422 Paxlc St.. AlaTTTdst
"~~^ FOR RENT OR FOR SALS.
8 rooms; Central ave.; $30. >
10 rooms; Central ave.; J33. '&ls 'i
6 rooms; modern cottage; $13. '.»4x'>! '
8 rooms; furnished; $25. ¦
6 rooms: $30: new.
Whatever vou want we hive.
W. 1L CONGER & CO.. 1301 ParH St.
$3200— HOUSE of 7 rooms: lot 50x125; over-
looking the bay; flne location; $1600 cash. J.
j H. YOUNQ. 1243 Park st. Alameda..
BEEKELEY ADVEBT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY BEAL E3TATB.
JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate Agent. 8.B. oor.
Ehattuck ave. and Center it. Berkeley, htm a
large list of. Improved and unimproved proper,
ty In all parts of town. V
Especial attention Is called to the wrr d*.
¦ slfable new house of 8 rooms and bath, fumac*.
i etc . situated on nne of the choicest corner lota
I near the university; up to data In every par-
ticular; price $7000.
Also fine 9-rcom house in tb9 Hniedaf
Tract; lot 62x160; a bargain at $6000.
New 10-room house, on sunny side of street)
near the "Key Route"; only $5000.
Well built house of 9 rooms and bath; lot 70a
135; near the "Key Route" cars; $8000; worUi
more.
A business lot on Telegraph av*., with a cot.
tags of 5 rooms; only $1000; a thorough goc4
Investment.
A beautiful picture of San Francisco Bay,
taken from the Berkeley hills, free. -
BIG bargain; foreclosed property; almost new
8-room house; electric lights; good -location;
street work done; lot 80x135; convenient to
station .and electric cars; ail fenced and
cross- fenced: chicken- house, barn; prlca
$2000; terms $25O cash, balance $20 monthly:
open Sundays. O. A. RUDOLPH. Lorln sta-
tion. -
BARGAIN — Good Investment: 5-room cottage
near- Telegraph. »«. ; lot SOxlOO; lar*e tank-
house; 1 block to electric cars: price $125O;
terms $200 cash, balance $12 50 per month;
this house rents for enough to pay Install-
ments; open Sundays. O. A. RUDOLPH,
Lorln station.
SPECIAL bargains In lots in the Crystal Springs
Tract: this tract joins Grove-* t. car line,
two blocks of Dwight way station and four
blocks of the high school: will sell you lots,
with the street work done or not; prices
from $10 to $15 per front foot; can sell you
1 these lots on easy terms or we will build
you a house In this tract on easy terms;
fi-room houae for sale; large lot; near Col-
lege ave.; cheap: will sell or rent you fac-
tory site In West Berkeley; call and see our
, properties.
; CHENEY & BERRT.
; j Potofflc* block. Berkeley.
I i $1100— HOUSE. « room*, bath, patent toilet;
street work complete; $200 cash. $10 month.
2 elegant, new 5-room cottages: etrtctly up
t to date, including street work; south front and
• J near _ Key route.
i I $S50 to $9C0O— Houses in all parts of Berke-
' ley: also flne business and residence lots- will
• I enhance In value rapidly. MURDOCK & CO .
' • Lorin. Berkeley. All trains stop in front of
our door*.
• j A SPECIAL offer for a few days.
$3250 for a few days only In ordar to make
a quick sale; we offer one of Berkeley's beau-
tiful slopes at a reduced figure: th«- bulldine
site is 120x123: the front fully Improved: sit-
uated In the Daley's Scenic Park, overlooking
the university grounds and Golden Cate: wort'j
! $4000 cash, will «*n for $3250. W J M0RT1-
s MER & CO.. 2123j>nter st. Berkeley.
• BETTER TO BTTY THAN PAY RENT.
HOMES ON EA9T.TERM3.
- S175O — Fine flve-room "cottage; convenient.
, $3200 — New six- room house; being built.
- $55C0 — New seven-room: finest location.
5 • $6750— Twelve-room house; close to onrmalty
i JUSTEP. * DAI RD. 2157 ShattiKk ave.
UK A I, ESTATE-- CITY FOR gALEt I
EASTON. ELDRIDOE & COMPANY. £
038 MARKET ST.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAT, Jan. 12, 1B04 12 O'clock Noon
At Our Salesrooms. 038 Market St.
PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE.
7C0 Cole »t., near Waller. E. side: im-
provements, a handsome cottage, built less
than 2 years ego at a cost of $5000 for build-
ing alone; contains 0 spacious rooms. Vorce-
laln bath. 2 patent flush toilets, laundry, high
basement, brick foundation. $
MISSION FLATS. ¦"¦
S. line of West avi-.. 00 feet E. of Mission
St.. near 31st: lot 50x105 feet; Nos. 2, 4.^ 6. 8 j
Wcet ave.; ImDrovements, 4 brand new flats,
containing 4 and 5 rooms, porcelain bath, gas
grates, wooden mantels, modern In every re-
upect; rented to flret-class tenants for $00 per
month.
SECOND AVENUE RESIDENCE. "
No. 129 Second ave., bet. Lake and Califor-
nia sts.: a handsome 9-room residence; porce-
lain bath, tiled sink, wooden mantels, etc.; al-
moet new; mortgage of $3000 can remain.
BUSINESS INVESTMENT.
No. 1.13B Alabama St.; 215 feet S. of 25th:
lot 25x100 feet: Improvements, etore with 4
living rooms; also upper flat of *> rooms and
bath, with stable in the rear: rents $40 month. J
TENTH-STREET FLATS.
Nos. 432 and 432 1 * Tenth *t., S. of Harrison;
2 very pretty flats of 4 rooms each; large sta-
ble on the premises; rent. $3t> per month.
MISSION COTTAGE.
No. 4156 20th st.. W. of Hartford; Improve-
ments consist of an excellent cottage contain- 3
ing 5 rooms and bath; high basement; con-
crete nidewalk. bituminlzed street; mortgage
of $1CK«>; thlg Is a delightful neighborhood.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS BUILDING LOT.
E. lln« of Lotta St.. 100 feet S. of Parnassus
ave.; 25x101 feet; this property commands a 3
beautiful view and cannot be Burpassed as a
buslnets cite fcr a residence or flat.
MINNA-STREET FLATS.
Nos. 5C3. 563^. 5C1A and 5<53B Minna St., I
177:6 W. of Rubf. bet. Cth and 7th; substan-
tial frame building containing 4 very flne lit-
tle flats of 4 rooms rach; rented to first-class
tenants at $50 per month; concrete sidewalk;
10-foot baserr.ent
VALENCIA-STREET CORNER. '
Lot on NE. corner of Valencia and 24th sts.:
34:5x60 feet; an exceptionally fine location for
the erection of Rtoreti and fiatp.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
N. line of Siith M.. near Cantro, No. 4226;
improvements consist of a residence containing
7 rooms and bath: high basement; renting for
$40 per month; mortgage of $1000.
VALENCIA-STREET BUSINESS SITE.
W. line of Valencia St., 2U1:O feet N. of 20th
Rt. : extremely large piece of ground, 08x00 feet;
a most desirable business site.
For further particulars and catalogue apply
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & COMPANY.
638 MARKET STREET.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & COMPANY.
038 MARKET STREET.
$16,000— Rents $1740 per annum; 5 new flats,
containing 6 large rooms and porcelain
bath each; tiled sink; 11-foot basement; i
separate etore rooms; concrete founda- '
tlon: located on best Btreet in the 'Mis-
sion warm belt.
$14,000— Rents $1500 per annum: busine.-w in-
vestment; 2 stores and 2 flats of 8 rooms
each; modern in every respect; built 1
year: stores leased by flrEt-class dry-
gooda firm; lot 50x100.
$8,500—3 flati.. Haight st.. near Fillmore; all
rented; mortgage $4200 can remain; this
iwtlon of Haight street Is a natural
location for stores. '
JC.500— G«-ary-«t. residence, near Buchanan;
27:6x137:6 lot; (S rooms and bath; rent-
ed very low at $40 per month; could be ,
changed Into 2 flats and store at slight
outlay and be made to pay handsomely. |
$5,S0O— Business investment: south of Market
ftreet; store and 2 flats of 6 and 7
' rooms: brick foundation; rented to good
tenants at ?C12 per annum; remember ,
that the future of this soctlon of the :
city is assured.
$5,250— Minna *t., near Cth: 4 separate flats.
4 rooms each: rented to first-class ten-
ants for $50 per month; rents could
easily be Increased.
$4,500—2 Mlwion flats, 22d st; rented for
$4SO per year; 4 and 5 rooms and bath;
street sewered, graded and macadam-
ized.
$3,600—2 beautiful little flats: Clement et..
near Second ave. ; 4 and 5 rooms and
bath: present rents low at $3S4 per an-
num; easy terms can be had; electric
cars pacs door; this is an exceptional
opportunity.
$3,200—2 flatn on Minna st.; rents $384 per
year; small interest bearing Investments
in this district are exceedingly scarce,
bo call early for description.
$1,600 — 2 flats, E. of Van Ness ave. ; rented
for $102 per annum; mortgage of $SCO
can remain.
$l,C50— Cheap building lot; 13th st. near Fol-
som; this in a positive sacrifice; don't
ml*B It; easily worth $2250.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & COMPANY,
C38 MARKET ST.
G. H. UMBSEN &. CO.. 20 MONTGOMERY ST.
$70.000— Post St.; 4-story building, basement,
stores and lodging-house; rent $310 per
month; 3 frontages.
$27.500^ — Rent $100 per month: a choice corner
on Fulton et. ; splendid improvements,
consist of store and 0 flats all In per-
fect order and steadily rented: 50x75.
$20,000— An elegant home on California st. ; 12
rooms and 2 baths and 2 servants'
rooms, etc.; large lot 3i:4V«xl32:6.
$13,000 — Pacific Heights mansion, 12 rooms and
bath and basement, etc.; grand marine
view.
$5.750 — Near Valencia and 14th sts.: 4 flats
of O-3 rooms and bath each; bay win-
dows, brick foundations; rent $55;
25x70.
$5,250— Price greatly reduced; McAllister st;
cottage of 5 rooms and bath; 43:9x
137:6; if Improved with 6 modern flats
would pay a handsome rate on the in-
vestment.
For further particulars of the above, and
for the Real Estate Record containing list of
property for sale in all parts of the city, in-
quire at our office.
O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
DESIRABLE sunny building lots: close to
Duboce Park; bitumlnized streets; lots level
and ready to build on; a rare chance to ob-
tain a holding admirably situated and close
to the city at a very reasonable figure: dia-
gram, price and all further particulars at I
our office. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Mont-
gomery et.. Real Estate Agents and Auctlon-
eers.
ASHTON & GARDINER. '
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE.
411 MONTGOMERY ST.
- N. W. corner Haight and Fillmore: 137 :Cx
150:6; magnificent site for stores and flats;
make offer.
North cor. Ninth and Bryant sts.; 60xS5;
partly improved; rents J105 per mo.; offer
wanted.
$12.500— S. E. corner Haight and Cole sts.: a
fine bufiness. (orner; I>5x75; would pay hanl-
*omcly if Improved; very cheap.
S. W. corner Union and Dupont sts.; Im-
provements consist of 3-story building, renting
for $12G0 per annum.
flO.fOC — Fifteenth st. near Church; 8 new
flats; S rooms each; renting for $1050 per an-
num.
$3000— Webster et, near Oak; flne buildinr
lot: 25x100.
$I2OO— Lombard st., near Baker; excellent
flat sites; l;ts 25x155.
Washington St.. near East; lot 20xfi0; 3-story
frame building; improvements coming this way
rapidly.
South line of Geary st.. near Van Ness ave.:
lot J0xl20; flne modem building, consisting of
ii^CLS 1 " 8 ' r * atin * tor $1440 per annum; neigh,
borhood steadily Increasing in value.
Large lot. 240x240; two comers; at Colma.
Pan Mateo county; ready to build on; high and
dry.
HAWKS & SKELTON. "
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Prop«rty.
$7,000— Residence, Octavla. near Broadwav 7
IST.?- * nd bath: ha » "¦ v »ew of bay;
J3,DC0 — Residence, Lombard, near Larkin: 8
rooms and bath; Cne view of bay; 25x
137.
$20.000— The finest view of the bay In this
city; convenient for cars and teams-
view a*xur*d forever: 8W. corner Lar-
kin and Francinco: 137x137.
$7.200— Marine view lot: Hyde st., near Chest-
nut: 36:RxllO; very fine view assured:
new building on rach side of It
$3,000— Lot «n SWi corn«r Larkin and Lom-
bard *t».; 22x105; magnificent marine
view from every window.
$4,500— SE. corner Larkin and Greenwich- 50x
62:0; elegant view of Golden Gate and
bay.
$3,000^ — I-ot. Franklin nt., near Filbert- 63x
100: street »?wered; make an offer
$2,000— Lot. Greenwich St.. between Van Ness
ave. and Franklin st.: 33x1.17.
$1,600— Lot on Preclta ave.. near Folsom, fac-
ing on park; on electric car line; ready
to build on: 25x100.
HAWKS A SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st
START THE NEW YEAR " "
SAVING $5 PER MONTH
By buyinr a. lot In the growing city of Rich-
mond, wbere are located the Standard Oil
Company, Santa Fe Railroad terminal, the
I Southern Pacific Railroad belt warehouses and
manufacturing plants; all level; streets graded;
maps free.
RICHMOND LAND COMPANY.
• ' Crocker buildinr. San Francisco.
I NOE-ST. cottage for $3500: between 17th and
'. IMh: lot 25x110: 6 rooms, bath, high base-
, ment: barn: owner must sell: make offer. G.
A. BERTON. 323 Montgomery St.
I CHIMNEY tops set ud. roofs, repaired by
Ahlhach & Mayer, clumbers, S30 Howard it
REAL ESTATE— CITY FOR BALE.
C . M. WOOSTER CO..
048* MARKET STREET
$4000—4 good flats 3 rooms; on Clara it,
near Cth; rents $480; lot 2BxS0.
$4100 — 4 flats.' 3 rooms and 2 rear flats, on
Shipley at., near Cth; rents $500; lot 2ox<5.
$8000— Rents ?1030; 10 good flats near 4th
and Folsom sts.; always rented; In good con-
dition; lot 40x30.
¦
$2500— RenU $330; 4 flats In excellent con-
dition; near 4th and Folsom; let 25x75.
$3000— Rents $3C0; 4 good flats in first-class
condition; near 8th and Bryant; rents could
easily be raised to $480.
$12,000 — 3 new modern flats on Oak st.. near
the Park Panhandle; rents $1308; lot 25x137:8.
$3200—2 flats 4 and fi rooms and bath; on
25th St.. near Sanchez; rents $420; lot 20:7x114.
$2300 — Handsome modern cottage, 5 rooms
and bath; on 21th st. near Noe; lot 25.11x114.
$3500 — Handsome modern residence. 0 rooms
and bath; only 4 years old; on Ashbury
Heights, between Waller and Frederick.
i The land la cheap for $27,500; the Improve-
ments, which rent very low for $3120, will
pay for themselves inside of 3 years: the propo-
sition Is one of the best In the city and as a
moneymaker can't be beaten: on a grand
northwest Western Addition corner, facing a
park.
$10,000—3 modern flats, 6. 7, 8 rooms and
bath: permanently rented to flne tenants for
$1140; near California and Webster «ts.; lot
25x100. . -
$6750 — 3 hnn^ome modern flaw near Duboce.
Park ; rents $750. . . • ,i
$3100— Residence. 8 rooms and bath; rent*
$300; near 17th and Sanchez sts.
$0500 — 2 stores and 4 flats on a corner within
.fi minutes' walk of the City Hall; rent $1110;
property in flrzt-class condition.
$5500—6 well-built flats, very close to Third
et. ; in excellent condition; always rented;
pays $C60.
$11,000— Rents $1200; store and 8 flats on
Sutter st; modern; 2 years old; always rented;
an -exceptional bargain. '
$20,000— Lot 50x80; on Third st
$65.000— Golden Gate ave.; very doee to
Market st; 68:9xl37:C; grand site for an auto-
mobile repository.
$6750 — 2 new modern flats half a block from
Duboce Park; just completed; rents $C80.
$26,000 — 3 new modern flats on O'Farrell st,
close to Larkin; lot 27:0x130, to rear street;
rents $2280. ' .
$6750— Handsome, modern, 2-story bay-win-
dow residence, 7 rooms and bath; on Octavla
St.. near Broadway; lot 25x137:6.
$lS00^ — $300 cash, balance very easy; modern
well-built cottage, 4 rooms bath, etc.; in Al
condition; near 2«th and Sanchez; lot 25x114.
$12,0CO — 2 modern residences on the beet part
of Steiner st.; rents $1200; the lot alone, 66:6x
110. is worth the asking price.
$20,500—0 modern up-to-date flats; artistical-
ly planned and finished; well built; on a Ma-
sonic ave. northwest corner; grand lot. 36x
118:9; only partially Improved; present ex-
tremely low rents pay $2040.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643 Market st
BOARDMAN BROS. & CO..
Real Estate Agents,
138 Montgomery st.
?43,000 — 3d-st corner. Inside of Folsom;
frame building; paying $150; a large
lot.
$16,000 — Howard st, near 2d; two frontages;
will pay $S5 a month.
$20,000— Four new flats In Western Addition;
over 9 i>er cent net; $2040 a year; ma-
rine view; large, sunny, north-side lot.
$21,000 — Brannan-st. corner, Inside of 8th; 125
feet; splendid building site and sure of
a good turn; near Western Pacific Rail-
road; bringing in $1300 annually.
$14,000 — Near Page and Central; three new ele-
gant flats; $1440 per annum.
$13.000 — Western Addition; key lot: two new
flats, very handsome; rent $100.
$12,500 — Fine Mission investment; good street;
6 flats In excellent condition; $1362 per
annum; over 0 per cent net.
$10,000— Broderick St.; three flne 7-room flats
in excellent condition; never vacant;
. $1110 annually; ftVi per cent net
$D,000 — Near Fell and Scott sts.; three modern
flats; $042 a year; in best condition.
$S,0OO — Near Howard and 7th sts.: good loca-
tion: first-class improvements; paying
$82 50 a month.
$3,000 — Western Addition, NE. corner; store
and flats; $870 per annum; 0 per cent
net.
$7,500^ — Close to Golden Gate Park; two mod-
• • - era flats; $62 50 a month; an excellent
investment.
$4,000 — Large corner lot close to 49th-ave.
boulevard, with cottages, rented; a flne
Investment.
$9.000— Fulton st, north line, elegant location.
fine modern house, 10 rooms.
$8.000^ — Close to Panhandle; comfortable,
modern house; 14 rooms.
$7,500 — Presidio Heights; modern 9-room
house in perfect condition: key lot; mag-
nificent marine view; a cheap buy.
$5,000 — Steiner 8t., near Ellis; cozy 6-room
house; enamel bathtub; good plumbing;
brick foundation; a comfortable home.
$4,750 — Near 23d st, comfortable 7-room
house, almost new, and In perfect con-
dition; any one seeking a home should
see this.
$2,C50 — McAllister st., close to Golden Gate
Park, comfortable 5-room cottage and a
stable,
$10,000 — 17th St., close to Market, eeven choice
building lots, Including corner; street
bjtumlnited.
$4,750— Best block on McAllister st., north
line, west of Steiner; no grading; shel-
tered from winds; 27:G-foot lot.
$3,500 — Marine view lots; 27:6x127, in a chotoe
district: this is a rare opportunity to
have an extensive, unobstructed bay
view at a low figure.
$1,000— lst-ave. lots, near D st; lots well lo-
cated. In erowlng district
BOARDMAN BROS. & CO.,
138 Montgomery st
A. J. RICH & CO.. REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
112 MONTGOMERY STREET.
$30 000 — Northeast corner of Sacramento and
Hyde sts.; large lot, 68:0x07; grand
VBlte for an apartment house.
$18,500^ — Three new, elegant, up-to-date flats
of 7 and 8 rooms and bath; rent $165
per month: Bush street, near Webster;
lot 27:6x137:0. .
$17,500- — Harrison otreet corner; 66x100: near
Sixth st.: paying a flne Income on- the
asking price.
$10,000— California st: elegant 12-room resi-
dence; between Octavla and Laguna sts.;
modern Improvements; large lot, 34:4Hx
132 :C.
$16,500 — Clay street; large lot; C0x\27:S^i;
near Laguna street; flne location for
flats.
$12.000 — Devlsadero street: four modern flats:
near Haight; key lot; sun. all day; rents
! $00 uer month.
$11,500— Sutter street, near Laguna; lot 34:4vix
137:6; fully Improved.
$10.500— Northwest corner Jnckson and Baker;
40x128; magnificent lot for building
either a residence or flats.
$10,500 — Three modern improved flats: rents
$S0 50; Frederick street, near Shrader.
$10,000 — Six flats; rent $90 per month; Te-
hama street, near Ninth; lot 60x80.
$0,200 — Two new modern flats; 0 and 7 rooms
and bath; rents $75 per month: Cole
street, between Haight and Waller.
$8,000— California etreet; 2 flats: near Lyon
street: lot 23x90; rent $62 50.
$6,500 — Larkin street; flne modern cottage
house; nr. Washington; large lot. 29x100
$5.500 — Clementina street, near Sixth; flats;
rent $50 per month.
$3,600— Vallejo street; marine view lot; 27:6x
137:6; between Fillmore and Steiner.
$3,500— Scott street; near McAllister; lot 25z
112:0; street work done. , ' J .:f:i
$3.?r>0 — Scott street; flne lot for flats; near
McAllister: 25xS7:0: key lot.
$3.200 — Fell street; lot 25x137:6; near Devlsa-
dero.
A. J. RICH & CO.,
112 MONTGOMERY STREET.
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & CO..
Room 2, 7th Floor, Mill* building.
$10,000 — Six llats on California' st. east of
Laguna st.; large lot 08:9x137:6: 8 and
7 rooms each : these flats have Just
been uut in first-class order, modern
style, sanitary plumbing and combina-
tion fixtures: all ready for renting;
should bring $37SO per year. -
$15,750— Six new flats on Greenwich it; all
rented: rents low. but paying a hand-
pome income; will sell any two flats at
$5250; total rents $1620.
$7,500 — Lovely home on College Heights: new
building: up to date throughout; superb
corner lot: sunshine In abundance on
every side; extensive views.
$6,000 — Willard st.. couth of Parnaasua ave.:
modern residence, T rooms, bath, etc. ;
very convenient; large lot; sunshine In
i every room.
$4,000 each — First ave., between Golden Gate
ave. ¦ and Turk st: two houses; just
finished, up .. to date, not .occupied; 0
.large rooms, toilet, bathroom, etc.
$0,500 each — Two new bulldlnss, two flats
each. 7 and 7 rooms; all rented $30
each ; these are Just finished and up to
. date In . every , respect. , :
$0,500— Two new up to date flats on the cor-
ner 2d ave. and C st. ; one of 10 rooms
and one of 7 rooms: rents $960 per year.
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & CO..
' . Mills Butldlnj.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays the
highest price for buildings and will wr«ck
the - largest building completely within 10
days. Northwest .corner Mission and Tenth
sts., office and yard.
THE CALL ''
JOHN J>. SPBCCKEXiB. Proprietor. '
itfcts ccnnmcaiicig la JOHN KcBADGHT. macr
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager \
TELEPHONE. 1
Aik for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con- '
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market aftd Tnird, S. F. •
]>Slturial Rooms 1'17 to 221 CtevenSJlKCt. ,
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week. 75 ,
CU. Per Month. Single Copies 8 Cents. ,
Terms by Mall. Including Postage (Cash With
Order) :
DAILY CALL (Includ. Sunday). 1 y<-sr...$8.«X> ,
DAILY CALL <lnrlud. Sunday). 6 mos 4.<K> ]
DAELY OALL— By Single Month 75c ,
BCXPAT CALL, 1 Year 2.50
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year l.«0
mnp-tr-M f Dally.-. $S>0 Per Year Extra 1
ET, n -.;.Vi < Sunday.. 4.13 Per Year Extra 1
PO&TAUli. Weekly.. 1.00 Per Year Extra 1
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS. :
Sample Copies will be forwarded when re- I
Quested.
Mail subscribers in ordering change of aJ-
drees should be particular to give both NEW i
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a I
prompt and correct compliance with their re- <
<
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3 I
BERKELEY OFFICE. '
214S C«-nter Sireet Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT: :
MORTON E. CRANE 14C<i G Street. N. W. '
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS: '
Waldorf-AFtorla Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 I
Union Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
nue liottl and Huffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: <
Sherman H«uw«r; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel : Tremont Hou»>e; Auditorium '
Hottl; I'_lmcr llcu*e. ;
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE: :
C. GEORGK KRO«Ni:SS...Marquette Building
<Long Dlfttauce Telephone. "Central 2019.")
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE: :
STEPHEN H. t-MlTH 30 Tribune Building .
Ni:\V YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square ,
'BCSIXESS OFFICE, of the San Francisco ,
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o"«-li>ok f-v.-ry nlrht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
527 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open un-
til '.*:M n. m.
500 Hay<b ttreet: open until 0:30 p. m.
139 MoAllUter *treet; Dpea until 9:30 p. m.
«>15 Luikln street: open until !i::i0 p. m.
1M1 Mlwion Mret-t; o|x>n until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open un-
til a i>. tn.
lotJ Eleventh (street; open until 9 p. m.
lC.tU Valencia *treot: ojx-n until 8 p. m.
NorthcEst corner t"hurrh and Duncan streets;
open until !) p. m.
Norttnvent <\>rn<-r of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky !>tre<-t»; < i r« > n until !» p. m. .
VSM Fillmur*- urefl; open until 9 i». m.
ZtEAL ESTATE CITY — KOIl SALE.
BALDWIN &. HOWELL. Agents,
25 POET ST.
$3,250— Rents $'.<2 .Vt jw-r month; new build-
ing, containing 4 flats of 4 and 6 rooms
and lath e*£h; lot 35kSK>; $WK> mort-
gagi; «t 0 |>or cent can remain; Guer-
rcru at.
$4,000— Rents H2 per month; 4 separate flats
or 4 rooms «ach; close to Third st. and
Southern Paciflc depot; lot has double
frontage.
$C.00i>— Comer 2^x110, vicinity of Golden Gate
ave. and Steiner »t.; front bous« of 8
rooms and Lath and 2 flats adjoining;
all In i#rfecl condition.
$4,300— Downtown building lot. elre 30x00 to
rear street: vicUnlty of California and
rU"ckton rt«.: owner will exchange for
othc-r city pro^rty.
$24,000— I-Arge corner on Third at., a few mln-
utPF' walk from Market Bt. ; present
rents with old Improvements $117 50 p"r
month; splendid buy.
$D MX>— Washington st.. near Kearny: busi-
ness, mmwit/: 2-story brick building,
•tore and room* above; rent* $07 50 per
month.
$12 000- Oak *t.. near entrance to Golden Gate
Park: lot 2Sxffl:<; new building of 3
iwparate flats of 6. 7 and 7 rooms and
bath each; rents $105 i>er month.
$5,500— 2-ptory house of 7 rooms and bath;
Webster «t.. near Washington; excellent
location.
$7,500— Powell ft.; lot 40x70; rants $66 per
month: frame building; separate flats.
$lS.r* l -nent« $108 M> per month; large lot 48
~xi:S7:<;; brick and frame buildings;
rtnres and rooms above; under lease;
vicinity of Kearny and Pacific sts.
$0.1J><>— leaker st.. near California: 2 flats of
5 and 6 rooms ond bath each; rents $000
;-ri annum.
111.750— Rrr.ts 532 per month: lot 25xlfiO to
rear street: l*\>lsom St., near sixth,
bunmss property.
KELSON. JOHNSON & CO..
205 Montgomery ft., opp. Mills bldg.
$28.500— Corner lot, GOxl25; main car line
street «>outh of and close to Market; 3
stores and S flats; handsome Income;
guaranteed future.
$27.r«>" — 5.'ixl2tt. fronting on 2 streets; in the
heart of the downtown apartment-
bouse section.
$26. 25<V— Third Ft., near Market; 2 frontages:
3100 square feet: next lot to the corner;
key to the situation.
520,000— Howard rt.; Oil feet frontage; near 3d
et.: brick Improvements.
f/18,000 — Folsom «. ; 5» feet frontage; 3 stores
and 3 flats; ixrfecl condition; down-
town.
$17,5Ott — Kol»om Bt.: «KI feet frontage; over 10O
in depth: 10-room residence and 6
flats; perfect condition.
$15,000— Folsom st. near 4th; &0 feet front-
age; I ¦tiiij building.
$15,500— Turk Ft., north side, near Van Ness
ave.; 4<» feet frontage; residence, 17
rooms and l>ath.
$13.750 — Rents $l.Yl(>; Powell rt. : C<> feet front-
aite; 3 Ftorrs and lodrtng-house.
$13.50X1 — Rents *i:a»o: l>evl»adero *t.; 3 swell
up-to-date flats of 6, 6 and 7 rooms and
bath; $7o00; mortgage; 27:0 fret front-
as<\
fll.SOO— Itrats $1200; Guerm-o rt.: 2 attrac-
tive bay-window flats and 4 cottages;
perfect condition.
SI l.OOO— Kent* Sl.Vxt; flne large well-built
building: nearly 50 feet rrontage; near
Fourth.
$I0,25<v— NE. mrner on Eddy et.; 30x100; 2
stores and 2 flats.
flO.OOO— Krnts *1IS8; 3(1 feet comer on Mason
street; store and 2 flats.
$10,00(V— Rents $1110; 27:flxlO0; 3 new up-to-
dute flats. 0 rooms and bath; Vallejo st.
$8,50O— Rent* ?5KM5: Post *t; 3 up-to-date
fists; t>eamed ceilings, electric lights.
etc.
$7,70O — Kents rt>12; 4 new up-to-date bay-
window flats. 4 and S roomn and bath;
high bawment; nesr f>th and Folsom.
NELSON. JOUNSON * 4*O..
205 Montgomery ti.. opp. Mills bldg.
B. GETZ. rtooni 22. Chronicle Bldg.
OWNER AND DEALER.
$C0 to $S00— Ocean Heights and Ocean Boule-
vard lots!!!
$300 to $500 — NIneteenth-ave. Boulevard lots 1 !!'
Gradtd and level, ready to build on.
S350 to $1200— Choice Sunset and Richmond
let*!!!
$150 uji — Excelsior Homestead — warm belt of
tho Mission. Level lots, ready to build on-
good car service.
All lots sold on easy monthly payments from
15 up.
}!(«»• to $5000 — New cottagfs and houses on
easy Installments.
NO TROUBLE TO SHOW MY PROPERTIES.
Call at my offlw. room 22. second floor
CHRONICLE BUILDING.
START THE NEW YEAR ~~~
_. ' . SAVING $5 PER MONTH
By buyinr a lot In the growing city of Rich-
mond, wbere arc located the Standard Oil
Ownjmns. S«nu Fe Kallrcad terminal, the
Southern Pacific R. R. belt warehouses and
manufacturing plants. AH level. streets
graded. Map* free.
RICHMOND LAND COMPANY,
Crocker building. San Francisco.
BARGAINS. — -
JJCr.O — Rents $45O0: anxious to sell: 2 flats on
Guerrero »t.. near Twenty-second; a bar-
gain.
$2750 — In Sunset District near Tenth ave.:
sightly situation; nice C-room houre; will
Vw» sold cheap.
HcEWEN HRO3-. US Montgomery.
FOR. kj!o — As a whole cr In subdivisions; 50-
vara lot. Houth line Union St.. 1.17 :•< feet east
o? Pierce: 1«H northeast corner Green and
f'i-rre *t». : lot lO-VSx 137:0 feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C. HEM IS?. Real Estate Broker.
221 San>ome »t.
FOR SALE— Jurt completed; 6-room house; all
motirro. ZZl Alvarado st: oocn Sunday.
HEAL KSTATE— CITV—FOlt ¦ gALB. J
SIIAINWALD. BUCKBEE &. CO.. „ ' __ ,
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST. C
$3,000— Union st, near Hyde; frame building,
store and flat above of 5 rooms ana
bath; if a couple of hundred dollars is
expended on this property It could .easily
be made, to pay 10 per cent and could r
m readily be sold for $4000. j
$5,250— Natoma St., near Ninth; 4 flats: rents ,
$50; thts property is in excellent condl- • £
tlon; all good, prompt-paying tenojU-s; j
no repairs necessary; no danger of va-
cancies; a good, safe buy; lot 25x75 feet, j c
$17,000— Second-st. corner, near Harrison; i0x <;
U5 f«et; flne site for factory or ware-
house purposes.
$11,000 — 50-vara northwest corner Union ana ,¦
Baker sts.. 137:6x137:6 feet.
$7,000— Pierce st.. near Golden Gate ave.: Im-
provements are residence of 8 rooms ana ; c
bath and 2 flne flats 4 and 5 rooms and ¦ c
bath: r«mts $35-$12-$14: total rents $01; ,
' lot 25x110 ft; a gilt edged proposition.
$7,250— Sutter Bt, near Devitsadero; 2 modern , t
flats 0 and 9 rooms and bath; rents $00;
extra large lot. 41:3x114 ft.
$8,500— Post t.t.: 3 new shingle flats; 5-6 r
rooms; rents $2U 50-120 £0-$30; total
rents $83; leased to November, 1904;
flats pay 11% per cent; lot 25x137:6 feet; t
a. great bargain.
$12,500— California st.. near Hyde; frame im-
provements; lot 50x110:6 feet; handsome f
location to Improve. j
$9,750— Frankhn-st. corner, near Golden Gate
.ave.; two-story residence renting for $00
per month; extra lot. 40x70; should be j J
improved; a big 'bargain.
$10,250— Clay st.. near Jones; 3 modern flats, j '
5-C-S rooms and bath; rents $1050 per j J
annum; always rented. I
$9.000— Minna St., near Sixth; 4 flats, renting J
for StiO per month; 3-5 rooms and bath; '
lot 2"ix80 feet; must be sold.
$10,000— Vallejo st.. near Leavenworth; 3 mod-
ern Hats one year old; 0 rooms and bath J
each: lot 27:0x127:0 ft; rents for $87 60 J
monthly.
$10.0C0— Reduced from $12,500; Clay st.. near
liuchanan; beautiful 10-roomed resi-
dence; every modern improvement; half *
block from public square; lot 25x100 ft.;
Is being fold at the above figure to ef-
fect an immediate sale. '
$18,000— New Presidio Heights residence; first
floor contains large reception hall and j
living-room, dining rooms, breakfast- •
room, kitchen and butler's pantry; upper 1
floors contain 6 bedrooms and bath; p.l»=o
billiard-room; basement contains ball-
room, laundry, servants' room, furnace, •
etc.; house Just completed and sold on I
account of owner's departure from city;
lot 40x127 :8V4 feet.
$2,200 — Northwest corner of Castro and Alva- !
rado sts. ; lot 50:0x105 feet; elegant view i
of city.
$8,750 — Income 5900 gross per annum; 2 new
modern Hats on sunny side of Sacra-
mento Ft: win pay 8 per cent net; lots
2«*>xl00 feet. » ;
$7,200 — Presidio Heights residence; Locust st, j
near Jackson: almost new; 2-story, base-
ment arid attic; 7 rooms and bath and
basement; 3 bedrooms and also room for -
(servant ; lot 25x1 12 :U feet.
$35,000 — Mi?("lon-st. corner; 100 ft. front; pays
over 10 per cent net; stores and apart- ,
ment house above; flne Investment. j
$7,000 — Hroadway, this side of Van Ness ave.;
2 modern flats of 0-5 rooms and bath;
rents $5.1; pick-up.
$5,250 — Moss st., between Sixth and Seventh,
near Fol&om ; 2 flats. 5 and ti rooms and
bath; rents $40; lot 21x80 feet.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sale.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.,
Real Estate Agents,
218-220 Montgomery st
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
SUTTER-ST. APARTMENT SITE.
520,000—35x120; Sutter st., near Larkin, run-
ning through to Fern avenue; In the best re-
tall locality of the Western Addition; $100,000
apartment-house in course of construction ad-
joining.
BUSH-ST. NSW FLATS.
$18,500— Lot 27:6x137:6 ft; 3 new flats of 8
rooms and bath each; leased for two years;
rent $1C5 a month.
VALLEJO-ST. FLATS.
$15,000—27:0x137:6; Vallejo St.. near Leav-
enworth; 5 new llats, renting for $140 per mo.
NEW FILLMORE-ST. FLATS.
$9000 — Four new bay-window flats of 4 rooms
and bath each, renting for $S5.
FELL- ST. BUILDING LOTS.
$14,000—100x137:6; Fell et., between Klllmore
and Steiner; in lota to eult.
CORNER POLK AND LOMBARD STS.
$0000 — 00x68:9; old imorpvements; renting
for $30 per month; rapidly growing locality.
UNION-ST. BUILDING LOT.
$5200 — 41:6x125; Union St., near Van Ness
ave.
FILLMORE-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
Three lots. 25x87.:0 ft. each; Flllmore St.,
near O'Farrell; One locality for flats; must be
sold.
COR. OF ASHBURY AND FREDERICK STS.
$10.000— 61 :«xll0; northwest corner Ashbury
and Frederick" sts. ; fine site for r<«ldence or
flats; will subdivide.
GEARY-ST. BUSINESS CORNER,
$5000—25x92:6; cornel- Geary and Broderick;
rents $12 50 per month.
MODERN BAY-WINDOW FLATS.
$4500 — Laguna St., near Union; 2 modern
bay-window flats; rents $34.
MISSION HOME.
$4500 — 30x122:0; Capji st., near Eighteenth:
2-Btory bay-window residence Df 7 rooms and
bath, renting for $35 uer month.
CHEAP ASHBURY HEIGHTS LOTS.
$1050 each — 25x137:6; an unsurpassed line of
lots on either Clayton or Carl sts.; only a few
more left in this block. "•
LYON & HOAG.
116 MONTGOMERY ST.
Send for our printed list of property for
sale in all sections of the city.
$5250 — Bargain; residence, 8 rooms and
bath; good condition; street bitumlnized; ex-
cellent neighborhood; near Page Et.
BIG LOT ON PINE ST.
$30,000— Submit an offer; Pine st. east of
Leavenworth; lot 76x137:6, with substant\al
residence containing 17 rooms, 2 baths; good
location for flats or apartment-house; will sell
I house with lot; 35 feet front.
GOOD BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$13.500 — Near the corner of Gough and Mc-
Allister sts: 3-story building, containing stores
and flats above; large frontage; plenty of sun
and light; rents $120.
O'FAHRELL-ST. RESIDENCE.
$5000— O'Farrell st, near Buchanan; lot 25x
90, with a good 2-story house of 8 rooms and
bath: rent $40: a good investment; land alone
worth nearly the price asked.
$7750 — Near Folsom and Ninth sts. ; 4 brand
new flats of 4 and & rooms and bath; every-
thing modern: large lot, 35x85; rents $76.
$75,000 — New apartment-house; leased for 5
years at $450 per month: tenant pays all re-
pairs; 4500 square feet in lot; 4 blocks from
Market and Powell sts.; make offer.
$2650 — Page St., between Masonic ave. and
Ashbury St.; 2 lots, each 25x137:6; street ac-
cepted.
FINE WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
S16.&OO — Three elegant new flats of 7 rooms
and bath each: substantially built; finely fin-
ished: rent $130; best part of McAllister st,
. near Steiner.
LARGE INTEREST PAYING INVESTMENT.
?2»,000 — Inside of Van Ness ave.; rent $320;
' substantial building containing 30 apartments;
recently remodeled; plumbing and everything
In flrst-elaos shape; 00 feet frontage. _
COTTAGE ON EASY TERMS.
$2500 — A bargain; new cottage on Laguna
' st, near Union, containing 5 rooms and bath;
' lot 20:8 front; $500 cash, balance monthly.
LYON & HOAG, 118 Montgomery at.
: MISSION INVESTMENT.
' $10.000 — 16th st. bet. Mission and Valencia;
• 25x115- old Improvements; rents $420 per an-
num. LYON & HOAQ.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK IOT8.
] $500 TO $1200; VERY EASY TERMS.
Why do so many buy our Oceanaide lota?
: Because no others there compare with them.
' They have unobstructed ocean and park view.
They are on "Official Grade"; ready for
i building.
Every lot Is a bargain. See them to-day.
; Get oS cars cor.' 47th ave. and H st
$60 to $250; near park and ocean; $5 monthly.
! "Oceanside" branch office, cor. 40th ave. and
K st Open Sundays and holidays.
1 |500 to $1000— Unexcelled Suiwet district lots;
graded and eewered; $10 monthly.
Sunset branch of flee on Oth ave.. near H st.
i _____ «
$180 TO $350: DON'T MISS THIS.
" New lots in the Excelsior Homestead.
Perfectly level; choicest location of all.
Near Mlsslon-st cars. $5 monthly.
$1200 to $3500; modern cottages and houses
I In Sunset. Richmond. Oceanside and Excel-
sior Homestead. • -
1 ALL BARGAINS: EASY TERMS.
1 SOL. GETZ & SON. Owners and Dealers.
; Room 1 54, 4th floor. Chronicle bldg.
- $5500 — COR. store, flat cottage, with stock of
1 groceries and bar.
- $0500 — 2 new flats, 5 and 6 r. and b. on Dor-
land st. ; rents $62 50 per month.
P. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission et. !
T FINE Income flats on Fulton st. near City Hall.
: Inquire 142 Fulton st., owner.
REAL. ESTATE CITY— FOR gALB. i I
HOOKER & LENT 14 Post Street ; I
$105.000— Eddy-st. corner; rents $512; lot 125 !
by 120. j -
$50,000— Inside of Powell: a corner; new im- ¦ S
provements; rents $4260. I
$45,000— Corner near Sutter and Stockton; 60
ft. front: old improvements: well rented, j
$43,000— Third-st. corner, near Howard; 4400
square feet; grand site for a hotel and .
stores.
$24.000 — Six fine flats, near Geary and Fill- j
more: rents $218.
$25,000— Polk St.. c^ose to a prominent transfer -
'' "v~ :¦.¦¦¦: •. ¦ point; stores and flats; new buildings; I
rents $175.
$22,000— Business corner- best part of "vVeotern c
Addition; three new buildings, stores t
and flat?; lot 87:6x100; rents $170.
$20,000^ — Fine Paclflc-ave. flats: rents $175: ex-
tra large lot and elegant new building.
$19,000 — Near Bush St. and Van Ness ave.; lot
60x120. with C flats; rents $155. I
$18,500— Fine residence lot. 55x110. and house;
most attractive large garden.
$15,500— Rents $140; 3 new flats; Sacramento
st. near Flllmore; large lot • *
$15.000— RentsN $140; 8 flats: lot 80x137:6;
Western Addition; flne buy.
$12.800— Post 23x137:6; rents $50 I
from old improvements. I •
$11.000 — O"Farrell-st. corner; stores and flats; | -
... ~^ renls * 108 P* T month; Urge lot.
$11,000— Flats east of Leavenworth St.; two, J
buildings of 4 flats; lot 36x137:6; rents *
$80. c
$10,000— Valencia st; 25x170; two frontages;
improvements in flne condition; price
reduced to make sale on account of
owner's departure for the East; pays "
._ „ 8% Per cent net: a bargain.
$7.250— Twenty-first st.. near Valencia; 8 8-.
.„ Mn Toom flata; rented low at $62 50. *
$8,000— A flne business corner near Twenty-
•» A^ Be S. ond and v »l«ncla sts.: rents $47 60. ( !
$6,0CO— Scott-st. residence: facing Duboce ,
Park; 0 rooms and bath; 27 feet front- *
age.
$5.800— Twp flats and stable, near Twenty- :
third and Guerrero ets.; lot 31x117:6 to
rear street.
$5,500 — Two flne, new. modern fiats on Ma- •
sonic ave.; a snap.
$5,000— Clay st.. near Devlsadero: residence. '
,i r^T r>°ms and bath; 27:6x137:6.
!*';££—£ ear E1 *" ht h and Howard; rents $41.
$-,000— -Cottages on Potrero ave.. near Twen- '
"'oo' TOOma and « acn ; iot« 24 ¦
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st :
$47.500 g
Reduced from $52,500.
?„ c Tf ra frontln * °n two etreets and close |
iZ, «'ioV 8t - and Van Ne8s aTe -: rent »t pres-
?« „? £ . P^£ m ?£}P' and can easily be made
to yield $400. Thfs is an opportunity seldom *
offered and now offered for a few daya only. :
**rlce *s reduced to make a quick sale
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st !
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 MONTGOMERY 8T. '
GOOD INVESTMENT.
7 nne new apartment flats; 4 rooms and bath •
J a -?'n/? n P ? W %f OI 2Sf on Plne «•; Mnted for .
$178 60; price $19,000; pays 10 per cent net
SOUTH OF MARKET. (
mo^th? S'&So/ * Cat9: reDtCd f ° r '" ""
,_/-' • DOWNTOWN.
Two flats on small street east of Jones, near
!w?!™ M foot fronta «e; rented for $90; price i
COLONIAL FLATS. i
Now building; 2 flne new flats close to the
park; on main street: 6 and 6 rooms; beamed
ceilings; splendidly finished throughout; gas ;
2™. electric lights, marble eteps, etc.; price
SUNNY MODERN FLATS.
On Clay st, near Baker; 6 and 7 rooms, attic
f1 d « ba SS. in ' nt: r * nt *d for $77 60 per month; i
lot 25x127; price $8750.
MISSION ST.
Between 3d and 4th; 3-story building; rented
very low at $127 per month; price $05,000.
PANHANDLE COTTAGE.
New, modern, up-to-date; 7 rooms and bath-
price $4350; street bitumen. '¦
— — —
PANHANDLE FLATS.
New, modern flats; 6 rooms each; all rented '
for $56 50 monthly; price $5750.
MISSION COTTAGE.
Five rooms and bath: 2 lots. 50x121; near
Eighteenth St.; close to cars; only $2500.
BERNAL HEIGHTS.
Near Mission st.; good corner; B0x70 feet;
only $700; owner very anxious to sell.
Pretty building lot on north side of Lake
st, running back to Mountain Lake Park:
29:C feet front; price only $1500.
A SNAP.
5-roora cottage, with bath: In good condition: I
Holly Park Tract: reduced from $1400 to $1100 i
to make quick sale; must be sold in the next
few days. j
— — • I
LOOKING INTO THE PARK. ¦
On Frederick st, near Stanyan; lots 27:te
137:6; bitumen street work and sewer being
done at expense of owner. These Iote at the
! price are positively the cheapest In the city;
will go to $100 per foot in a few months; now i
offered at $1750; 3 flne modern buildings now
being erected on this property.
BEAUTIFUL LOTS
At' the entrance and looking into the park;
27:6x137:6; finest lots in the city for elegant
flats; price $4250.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
POTRERO AVENUE and 23d Street
Take Bryant-st. car to 23d; walk 1 block to
Potrero ave. You will see a flne new 6-room
and bath cottage which you can buy for your
rent money. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
NO. 365 DAY STREET.
Take yellow Mtsslon-st. car. ride to 29th and
Noe sts.. walk half-block to Day st. We have
Just built there a 5-room and bath cottage.
Start the new year by moving into this home.
It is yours for small monthly payments. OS-
CAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
$5500— BRANNAN. nr. 7th: flne corner.
$2,500—100x70; cottage, 5 rooms.
$5,000— Waller st; elegant res., 8 rnss., bath.
$2.600— 23d st, near Guerrero; 5 nns.. bath.
$lo.coo — Corner etore and 2 fiats.
$3.050 — 2 flats. 14 rooms, bath, carriage
house, barn; lot 45x122.
$200^ — Lot 25x1 5O.
$400— Lot 75x150.
N.E. cor. 19tK and Dolores; lot 120x126; cheap.
Dolores, bet. 23d and 24th; 2 flats; modern.
Lot 2Sxll7. to rear street
Tehama st; lot 23x75; Improved.
Tehama; lot 25x150; through to Clementina,
Chestnut st. to Lewell; lot 4«xt37: Improved. •
PATTERSON. 11 City Hall Square.
GOES to highest bidder; worth S000O; 30x60; on j
Oreeon st., 65 feet from Front; key lot;
might exchange. Box 4G6, Frultvalc.
FOR sale — A newly completed 7-room cottage
on Treat ave., near Twentieth; see owner at
i 3221 Twentieth st :
FOR choice list of city property, house and
lots: also some gocd bargains in Berkeley.
Oakland and Alameda. Call on ROTHER-
MEL & CO., 507 California st.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost improv. and part lot at 6 per cent
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
I LOTS. N or S side of Golden Gate Park, pur-
chased by W.. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
A WEEK'S news for 0 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for matlinr. $1 per y«t'.
' UKAL ESTATE — Conntry — For Sale.
FOR sale — $25 per acre; 2S0 acres of land, 6V&
miles east of the town of Gait, Sacramento
County; 100 acres of this land is crpek bot-
tom land: the land is fine fruit, table and
-wine grape land: all under good fence.
$45 per acre — 140-acre dairy ranch, San
Joaquln County: well improved; half bottom
land: $2000 down time to suit on the balance.
$65 per acre — tO-acre dairy ranch adjoining
the town of Gait; half a mile to creamery; half
bottom land.
WHITAKER & RAY CO.. 723 Market st.
Or address box IS. Gait. Cal.
. 718 ACPES near Mayfleld. 11 miles from San
' Jose; 1U0 acres full bearing prunes; large
vineyard: all good land; water piped every-
where; Immense concrete reservoirs; flne
houses, stables, barns, etc.; fenced in 5 fields;
cost $160,000; price $30,000. THORNE A
' KILPATR1CK. 312 Bush St.. San Francisco.
! _________ — — -^— — — — ——^_
i ¦ INCOME producing ranch of 160 acres in Napa
i ' Co. at a sacrifice: reduced from $10,000 to
; ! $7500; 40 acres fruit. 4 alfalfa, 23 hay land:
; large house; 2 barns; water In abundance: 1 |
! mile from school house; 5 minutes from P. O.;
i must be sold. Address E. H. SAWYER. 538
i Kearny st _^^^
TO close estate — Country place in center of
Montecito Valley, Santa Barbara; nearly 12
acres: well located: good 8-room house, sta- •
ble. 2 good -wells, fruit and shade; furnished '
cr unfurnished: at less than cost. Address I
, box 34, Montecito. CaL
_^ — . — — •—^ _ _ __ . j
! 45 ACRES oi the best vine land in Napa Val- '
w ley, opposite railroad station: good 2-story'
0-room house, 2 large barns and stables, ,
'• windmill, large tank and cooperage, wagons. ;
buggy, horse*, cows, etc; to settle estate.
Box 2S28. Call office.
t $1O A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm. "
> . $200 profit per annum per acre.
r ! Write for booklet. It's free. 603 J st
t WRIGHT & KJMBROUGH. Sacramento. CaL
LARGE list of farms, stock ranches, orchards
t and vineyards, grazing and timber lands; get
: our new catalogue. ROTHERMEL St CO..
607 California tt.
. ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues seat free. C M. WOOSTER CO., $43
Market .t. / . ;; ,THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 3, 1904.
41
ROOMS FOR HOCSEKERPTXO— -Cnn.
FULTON, 316 — FAntshed parlor floor for house-
keeplng; 2 rocraX. and kitchen; ga» range.
FOLSOM. 1C57 — Nice large sunny front room ;
complete housekeeping; no children; $10.
FILLMORE. 003. bet. McAllister and Fulton —
1, 2 or 3 furnished rooms; suitable for house-
keeping; bath. - , >
FOLSOM. S34^ — Bay window, kitchen: gaa,
bath, closet; 2 single rooms; together or sep-
arate. ¦
GUERRERO, 250, near 14th— Nice ronny front
housekeeping rooms; phone and bath; rea-
sonable. ¦
GUERRERO. 323, nr. .ICth — $7; convenient !
furnished housekeeping room; good stove; ;
washroom; yard. '
GUERRERO. 1151 — Rooms for families: fur-
nished and unfurnished; bath; piano; porch;
$10 to $22.
GUERRERO, S2CB — Three or 4 sunny, hand-
somely furnished rooms; gas range; no
' chlldr»n. ¦
GEARY. 4CS— 3 nicely furnished *unny rooms;
references.
GEARY, C57 — 3 or 4 sunny rooms; housekeep-
ing; regular kitchen: gas range; bath: phone.
GEARY 784 — Nicely furnished back parlor;
sunny; email kitchen; reasonable.
GEARY, 1028— Living room, kitchen; gaa
range, laundry, .bath, phone. In modern fiat.
GEARY, 1432, cor. Laguna — Sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; $12 and $lft.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 129— Nicely furnished
sunny bedroom and kitchen: gaa stove.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 825—2 furnished sunny
; housekeeping rooms; gas range; yard. ;
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 260—2 sunny basement
rooms.- housekeeping, or two gentlemen.
GOLDEN OATE ave., 635— Large elegantly
furnished parlor and kitchen; ras range;
runnln; water. |
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 12C2— Suit of house-
keeping rooms; private: no children: phone.
COUGH. 315, near Hayes^ — Bay-windcw suite,
with kitchen complete. $20.
HAIGHT, 133— Handsome sunny front alcove
room, with large kitchen, completely fur-
nlahed. | ' ;
HAIGHT. 234, cor. Buchanan— 4 large. «unny.
furnished housekps. rooms; piano; all middle
floor. "
HAYES. 481 — Newly furnished room, bath and
gas; private family; light housekeeping.
HARTFORD 70. bet. 17th and ISth— 3 sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms In a new flat.
HILL 18, near Valencia — 3 room* up for
housekeeping, furnished or unfurnished; no
children. .
HOWARD. 2319. near 19th— 3 furnished house-
keeplnj rooms.
HOWARD. 2124 — 2 sunny furnished rooms
complete for housekeeping. j
HYDE. 410— Eack parlor suit; gas stove, water j
and grate; lovely yard; $lS;^enned adults. .
HYDE. 2115 — Large, sunny, unfurn. rooms;
marine vie*; separate entrance; private fam-
lly; refs.
HYDE. 137 — Sunny furnished basement; run-
nlng* water; gaa range.
HYDE. 514 — One elegant frcnt parlor and
kitchen; also one large housekeeping room In
basement.
LARKIN. 1410, near California— A very de-
sirable upper front suit, with kitchen, com-
plete; reasonable; also sunny front parlor, i
with kitchen^ I
LAGUNA, C30. near Hayes — Front unfurnished ]
housekeeping rooms; running water. £ i
LEAVENWORTH. 720. nr. Sutter— 2 nicely
furn. sunny frcnt rocms; gas range: running
water. *
LEAVENWORTH, SOS. near Sutter — Fine run-
ny alcove suite, kitchen adjoining; other
rooms. j
LEAVENWORTH. 1037—2 sunny front ccn- j
nectlng unfurnished rooms; closet; rent $15. i
LIBERTY, 37, near Valencia— 2 choice sunny j
front rooms, complete for housekeeping; mod- ,
crn - i
MCALLISTER. CSO— 2 or 3 nicely furnished
sunny housekeeping rooms; modern flat; all
conveniences. '¦
MCALLISTER, CSO — Two newly furnished ]
housekeeping rooms; modern Cat. j
MCALLISTER. 0C8— Sunny front parlor with- j
kitchen: newly furnished; all conveniences.
MCALLISTER, 1041 — Suit large nicely fur- !
nlshed rooms; light housekeeping. j
MCALLISTER. 1951. Panhandle— Handsomely !
furnished housekeeping rooms complete; gas.
bath. / . '.
MISSION. 1219 — Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms, complete; no children.
MISSION. 213C — Two large, sunny rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping; eas range, laundry,
bath, phone. :
MISSION, 2305— Two very sunny connecting j
rooms; bay-window front; gas range; bath;
$10.
MCALLISTER, 140O. corner Pierce — 2 rooms:
ga« and coal range, folding bed; electric
Ijght.
O'FARRELL, 274 — Housekeeping and other
. nicely furnished rooms.
O'FARRELL. 1256— Beautifully furnished
apartments, 2. 3 or 4 rooms; all complete;
reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 834— Desirable sunny front
room, nicely furnished, with complete kitch-
en; reasonable.
OAK. 034 — Sunny front rooms, furnished and
unfurnished; also single; yard, laundry; no |
_slgn : |
O'FARRELL. 1282— Nicely furnished rooms,
first-class location; suitable housekeeping;
reasonable. .,;".
OCTAVIA, 1151— Three nicely furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; coal and gas stores; $35. i
O'FARRELL. 900— Nicely furnished bay-wln-
dow room with kitchen, for housekeeping.
O'FARRELL. 818 — Sunny, handsomely fur-
nished parlor floor, 4 rooms, complete; yard
and laundry-
OAK, 338 — 2 newly furnished housekeeping I
rooms; bath, laundry. '..~ 7 <
OCTAVIA. 1153 — One room, furnished for light
housekeeping.
O'FARRELL. 137 — Urge modern sunny well.
; furnished front housekeeping rooms; reason-
able.
| : ,
PERRY, 107— Housekeeping rooms.
POLK, 1413 — Two nicely furnished rooms,
single or double; running water; German
family.
PACIFIC. 1241 — Four sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; gaa. yard; $14 per month.
PIERCE, 42*— Two large sunny unfurnished
connecting rooms; modern.
PEARL, 21, near Market — 3 nicely furnished
rooms, bath; sunny; yard. ; ,-.
SUTTER, 823D — Elegantly furnished suite of
rooms, suitable for light housekeeping or
gentleman; private.
SACRAMENTO. 1601, near Larkln— 3 unfur-
nished rooms, 2 fronting street ; running
water; closeto: with bath, gas, phone; all
conveniences of borne.
SUTTER. 1C31 — Lovely sunny rooms, en suite
and single.
SUTTER, 17.'»— Elegantly furnlnhed suite;
piano; kitchen; gas range; bath; laundry;
adults: references; $20.
SIXTH, 3CS — Elegant front room and kitchen
for housekeeping; complete. . -
..SUTTER. 833V&. near LeavenworUi — 2 nicely
* furnished front rooms; gas range; running
water.
SEVENTH. 101 — Sunny bay-window rooms for
housekeeping.
SACRAMENTO. 1490— All kinds et sunny
housekeeping rcoms; running water; gas
stoves.
SOUTH PARK, ITS— Parlor floor. 3 sunny,
clean rooms; gas range and grate.
SUTTER^ 031 — Pleasant ¦ frcnt room; nicely
furnished, with kitchen; private family;
reasonable. • >. <;>-;-.
SUTTER. S33 — Nicely .furnished sunny front
, suite; light housekeeping privileges ; running
water, etc.
STEINER, 304 — 2 large sunny, housekeeping
rooms; running water, grate, bath; other
rooms.
SUTTER. 23S5 — 2 or 3 rooms: gas »tove>
bath; adults. Call from 10 to 4. :
SUTTER. 576 — Upper floor: 4 unfurnished Urge
sunny rooms, $35.
TAYLOR, 246. corner Ellis — 3 furnished rooms
for housekeeping. •
TAYLOR. 113C — 2 front sunny furnished house-
' keeping rooms; gas, bath; references. :
i TENTH ave., 1275. Sunset District— 2 cr 5 un-
i furnished sunny housekeeping,; yard, gas,
j bath, laundry.
I VAN NESS. 838— New. elegantly furnished
I suite. . with or without kitchen; al.-o single
i ' rooms. MRS. A. M. KLNYON ; phone Lar-
j kin 3S18.
! TWENTY- FIRST. 3271 — 2 or 4 fufnlshed rooms
| with bath; phene and piano.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS I
BHRKELEY KKAI. ESTATE.
ALL GOOD BUYS.
52S0O— 1 0-ronrn house: gor«l a* new; lot 40x120;
only three bloikt? Ui both trains; etreet
work a!! done; worth *«"00.
C3C8 ¦ K«.» 7-room house: only *200 cct-h, bal.
cnc« $25 per month; only 2 blook* to both
tru;r;f; ;>jree!aiu bath, tiled .ir.k. s-t alien -
ery tubs fine mantel, pas end electric
lights.
S^'IOO — Fine large 7-room house ; alrrost n»w;
all conveniences: swell locat'on; etreet
work corr.plolej cement walks; lot 50x145;
can br bocjrht en terns.
f*1fw VrrT tre:ty substantial 5-room house;
hich lifijsemtnt; street work complete; ce-
rr.ent walks* south front; haudBcmc gar-
den and lawn: :t minutes' walk from
irpm and car?; $50 cash, balance $20 per
m<T.th.
C800 — J-r-wTTi house, chicken yard, fine- well:
••tre^t wni-rrti: large lot; han !;• to car*; !
in ei^d condition.
fj;;>»0 — Nearly new 4-rrom cottage, bath; all
larce rooms: lot 5"xl3i; fruit trees and
l*>aut:ful flevrr carder:: all fumit-hed. tn-
i-iudir.K new piano, carj>et?, curtains. t»?d.
hfiidms. pictures and dish**; or.ly half
l>lf»ck to train; must be soli ot cnee on
Kecuunt cf departure
W. C. MOHAN. Lorin etatlon.
Or C. C. EMSLJE, Ashbv Ftation.
A FEW SNAPS.
M7«iQ — 7-roctii house; 1 year built and a!l <
furniture complete, ranjre. difhc* and all: lot
42x120, and stable; rituated at 1M7 Fairview
bt.; 1 block from cars, 2 tlocks from Lorin
station.
$2S>no — a neat nice 6-room cottare and corner
lot; s'.xe SoxloO; etreet work complete; electric ;
<-arp raw door; only 3>4 blocks from Ashby :
station. Berkeley; situated at 212H Grove st; j
tenns can be fc*<l. •
F?tT» A nice a-t-t.-ry'hou* 1 ? nf 7 rooms and '
stable: lot ;->> jv, street work complete; 1 '
block of electric care and only a short distance i
from station; well worth $300o; c;/l and in- !
epect at once.
L. J. MORAN & CO..
2131 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley etatiom.
ABSOHTTELT THe1?EST BTTTsIn BERKE-
UET LISTED WITH D& EXAMINE AND
FEE FOR YOURSELF. I
$1250— 5-rocai cottage, bamnent. larce tank-
bouar; close to car line; easy terms.
$35O>— Beautiful new ccttare, 5 rocms, bath.
hail, basement, etc.
$3000— Al 2-*tory colonial hcuse, 6 rocms. bath.
hull, basement, etc.; $300 cash
A FIXE LIST OF LARGER HOMES IN
JIANT CHOICE LOCATIONS. LET US
FHOW TOC THEM. 5Oi;TH BERKELEY
LOT?. ABSOLUTELY THE BEST INVEST-
MENT: SURE TO PAY BIG RETURNS.
BUY .VOW. H. D. 1KWIN.
Lorin Station.
$5500 FOR property running; B0 feet wide from
street to street, with 2 rtorr« on cne street
and 4-rocm ccttase on the oth<?r; well and
bern; ftr^et work done; a hanra'.n. Call and
*ee D. L. JUNGCK, 2117 Shstturk ave..
Berkeley.
FXAp — ,Mo3»rn. up-to-date C-rccrn house; large
let. an fercod; close to elation, street car*,
•chocl. church and ftrw; fir.* neighborhood:
price S200f>; terms. $2S0 cash, balance $20
rnorithly; cren Sundays. O. A. KUDOLrH.
Lorlr. ttation.
LAWTO.V & ALBEE. real estate have for sale
Berkeley homee. residences and business lots
at Jo* ert prices: choice Investment property,
paying 6 to 10 per cent net: refer to either
b.«r.k in Berkeley. 2139 Center ?t.. Berkeley.
fVJO — fixe corner lot. lC2xl*« feit; strc»t
work Cone; a sr.ap: fine corner lot on Ade-
line ft., opposite R. R. station: offer war.t-
rd. LITTLE A WOOLSET. 2110 Shattuck
e.ve.. lierkeley. Cal.
rF.'i:E— r.^utifu! Berkeley," an Illustrated
booklet tvlUna uli about the university town.
»-i!| be mailed tree ct charge or delivered at
ofScr of raCXOB & BARRY, SU»X Center
t£.. DerkeJejr, c^i.
HSSfr-3 LOTS on Virginia it.; street work '
' «or.e: ISMS; a snap. W. J. MORTIMER 1
& CO.. 212.; Center et.. Berkeley.
AWEEICB n«-i for 5 rent*— The IVeekly Call, j
,'¦ I'acfs. ir. u-ran>pr. for mailing. >; per year. |
-_jgg? ; P sr ' EY rTTBHTSHED BOOMS.
A NICF fur.ny front furr.lshed rocrr:: prices
r-a-.r:.-:tle. 2t23 Drrr-y ft.. Berkeley.
FK LIT VALE ADV'RT ? S'3FXTS
J-JU ITVALE UEAL ESTATE.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPAXT.
11 rOC WANT TO MAKE MOXEY, BUT
LOTS IX THE SATHKR TRACT FROM
THE SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COM-
Read the followicr testimonial* from recent
purchasers:
"A few month* since I bought a lot fn the
Path^r tract; It it worth double the amount
r.cid."
• I bon?ht four half-acres ia the Sather tract.
I have *:xi>«-nded over $750") in improvements —
K. L. EUctman.
"A friend induced ae to buy a lot 50x200
Tfft in ".he Father tract. I consider that I
have made 5t> per cer.t en rr.y mosey." — M. E.
Taylor.
•I Jnvepted in a half-acre In the Sather
tract. I intend building at once. My prop-
erty has mere than doubled in value." F. H.
lircwn.
•I boozht one-half acre in block 8 of the
Pather tract: only gorry that I did not bur
raore."— A. F. Kir.ne.
'During the past year I bought one-half
acre in the Sather trsct. It has. in my esti-
mation, doubled in value, ar.i is not for sale."
— A. S. Culder.
•'I h»v« purchoied the sauiheast corner of
Waihinrton et. and I^»f» tve, in the Sather
tract, where I have erected a five-room cottage.
I prefer the location to any in which I have
tired in Alan:eda County for the last twenty
y^are." — L. L. M. Salstury.
Messrs. Hutchinscn and Hay have already
built two and have commenced the third, and
f-xrect to build In a!I twelve houses on thia
property. purchEsed frortf the Syndicate In-
vestment Corr.jiany.
Hiill of tfcim valuable tract ha* b?en «old-
Hi.r.y beautiful causes have b^t-n and are
bolng built.
These Irr.rroveraents are a ruarantee for a
e*fe lnve?tmer.t and a eood profit to all who
purchase in the Sather tract at preser.t prices.
We have a larse list of new and modern
cctt2£?s close to Fruitvai'" Ftation for sale on
easy oariner.ts: alto c>pirabl» lots in different
locations In and about Fruitvale.
FIXE RANCH PROPERTY FOR SALE,
If you war.t to make racney in 1304. buy
your real estate from the Syndicate InTest-
ceat Gnspanv. Fruitvale station.
Incorrorated in 1S%7.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY.
Fruitvale Station.
IT. A. FLEITNER, Fruitvale Station.
$000 — N'ew cottage of 3 larg* rooms; closets;
ra-try: city water; lot IWZ,; one block
from electric car*; frary terms If desired.
$1050— Fine cottar. e cf 4 rooms, bath, ba**-
tnect, eewered. and fine carden. chicken-
house, etc.; lot £2x110; $1CO flown, bal-
ance came as rent.
$1230 — Good 0-roora cottage, bath, laundry-
room and lot 50x150; close to »chool and
electric car*: eary terms.
$100<^— Nice 4-rocm cottage: newly painted;
fruit tret*, etc.; lot CC-.CxlGS; handy to
cars.
$1200— Modem 5-rocrn cottage, hall bath
b£*ement. <tc; lot 70x113; in a fine lo-
cation.
J2C00 — Extra fine dwelling of 7 room?, hall,
bath, mantel, cst; modern in every par-
ticular; lot 35x123; in the be«t part of
Eafct Oakland.
$2250— Fine octtsre cf 5 Urge ro^rn!", hall,
bath end all modern convenience*- jot
72:0x174:6; block from Frultvale ave'
g9 — New modern orttare of 5 room? bath
Iarg2 fcall. ma-.tel, *tationapy tubs and
tine bs^rrem; lot "7:CslOW; only 2 blocks
from Fruitvale «ve. ; «asy terms.
H. A. I'LEITNTR, Fruitvale station.
CHAS. F. L.EE. Phone Vale 2D<T
Office, •* block from FruitvaJe nation.
$100 cash, balance $10 month: *;-acre fine
randy loam soli; running creek of nice water-
fruit trees in bearing: fine shade trees: rustic
cottage ct 3 rooms; chicken-.houses lrclote<l In
C-loct wire fence; grounds all 6urround»»(j by a
hlrt C-fuot picket and board fence; clo«e to
etreet cars., schools and depot; an admirable
p!*ce for a chicken rtS;h; price ill tcid only
•830.
$2350— 13 larpe lots, 100x543; an elegant up-
to-<late 5-room cottage, bath, pantry, hot and
•¦old water; high bawment: patent galvanized
•• ¦•¦¦ !:•..:-: windmill and tank cf 3<Xxi gallons -
J»n<} inclosed u-ith 5-foot wire fence; a fine '
Xla^e for a country home or chicken ranch-
situated close to the foothills; 3 blocks to elec-
tric car* an<j fine school; only $500 down, bal-
ance easy monthly payments.
$75 lets ia the beautiful Rosa Lee tract: fine
soil; grand view; new homes rapidly going up-
r.n cold wtndi or wet for*, and only $75 p^j
lut; $5 d.,wn. hpjaace $2 RO per month
CHARLES F. LEE. 1222 Fnsitvale ave.
F<)R >¦»"» room cottage; lot 50x135; fine resl-
dence location, eart front: new; high ba**-
rner.t. cas. tieartclty. lorcelain bath, city
natrr. <tc: ea^ term*. Call or address
1SC7 Bray eve.. Fruit vllle. Cal.
FRUITVALE— For i>ale; etock and pig ranch
Inquire Nelson's 'grocery etore. Plmond.
OAKLAND ADVEBTISE3IEXTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND I tOO 515 AXD HOARD.
TWO large eunny furnifbed rooms, with board;
bay- windows: grate* ; use of telephone and
bath; fine location: couple or gentlemen.
UH* girth ave.. East Oakland.
OAKI.AKD FllUtlTCllB KIIK SALE.
TO-MORROW the <UjT Yor^~bargaixt» is furni-
tare. H. Scaellias*. 11th «t..cor.»tor«.Oaalanit
I OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
• HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT. ISC,
1000 BROADWAY. OAKLAND. CAL.
SOME BARGAINS IN BUILDING LOTS FOR
HOMES.
$375— WOULD BE CHKAP AT $600.
Flee sightly and elevated lots: good sur-
roundlnrs; marine view; street, work
comrlcte: cars run through the prop-
erty; close t-i schools, etc.; one-half
cash, balance easy payments; Just a few
$700— CUT FOR QUICK SALE. * $700.
The best urowrrty ever offered for the
money; 40- foot frontage: on Santa Clara
ave.; just $17 50 per foot; Linda \lsta
district.
| $1,200— ACTUALLY WORTH $1600.
Fine elevnted and siehtly lot on the
Heights, East Oakland; 75xloO; street
work complete: close to schools, cars,
• etc. ; must be *nld.^
$2 500 — In business location, a fine store ana
-flat of 5 rooms: modern: fine order and
. 'condition: income J27 per month: a fine
¦ Investment; HOW cash, balance bank
mortgage.
$2,75O— A BUNGALOW COTTAGE. $2750.
Five rooms: reception hall, connecting
parlor and dlnlns-rooro; cozy window
treats: fine mantel; bookcase and china
.closet; ffas and electric lighting : oi*n
plumbing; oorcelain bath, nickel trim-
mins*: medicine chest, and every up-
to-date feature for comfort: must bo
yeen to appreciate Its good value; close
to Telerraph ave.; lot 37:6x115; see
photo and plans at office.
M. A. B.
$4 000 — Two fine flats of 5 and « rooms each:
modern In every particular; close to
schools, local trains and business center;
lot 37:6x100: rented for $40 per month
to Al tenants.
$4,500— An S-room residence on Webster st ;
modern plumbing; gas and electric light-
ing; lot 45 feet frontage: not a new
house, but If were so would cost $.000
to duplicate: Drcperty worth your im-
mediate attention If you want a home.
i $3,000-REDUCED FROM J0000.
I An elegantly situated home of 14 rooms.
modern; on fine comer; , blocks from
Washington Et.; property can be sub-
divided, giving two additional lots; must
be seen to aDDreclate its value.
''¦^^^new^oVI Sand bath
each- ooen plumbing; the latest Ideas
cf modern construction ; close to Oak-st.
Plaza and local trains.
«~i ooo— $21,000.
I * ' iRght fine new flats: thoroughly up-to-
date In even' feature of construction
and for comfort: on eunny corner; fine
class of tenants; $2258 per annum; terms
can be arranged to suit.
; owinr to owner* removal will fiell at Kreai
facriflce; favorable terms can be anvnsea.
; bargain; coet $3250.
HOLCOMB. BREED & = BANCROFT, INC.,
10W BROADWAY. OAKLAND. LAL.
S M. DODGE & SONS.
11C0 Broadway,
Oakland. Cal.
INVESTMENTS.
! $3 000^ n 1^%^lureT 9 %enter; 6 rooms
jirid bath; basement floored; could be
made into flats.
i $•> 850— Attractive bungalow cottage, 5 rooms.
mod-rn; lot 33:6x100; overlooking Lake
I $1 SCO — Ccttsse, 5 rooroe. bath, high base-
rr.ent and barn: let 45x150: easy terms;
bank will loan $1200 on place.
53COO— Small pavment down, the remainder
same as rent; new house of 8 rooms and
bath: big lot; modern In every respect.
$4 500— Which Is less than the house could be
built for to-day: Urge lot; house 0 rocms
and bath; combination gas and electric
light fixtures; two buft brick mantels:
¦n-ithln walking distance of town; easy
terms; this is a snap.
$4 ,500— New house; contains all modern Im-
provements; 7 rooms and bath;
three splendid bedrooms; front bedroom
occupies whole front of house, second
floor; dining-room is especially attract-
ive, has novel feature of a two-foot
mirror extending all around the four
walls; nothing else like It that we know
cf; lot 40x120; location, ten minutes' ride
from City Hall; terms, one -half cash.
IN RAPIDLY GROWING FORTIETH-ST.
DISTRICT.
f2,Z50 — $250 cash payment: cottage five rocms;
barn; lot 81x111; near Telegraph and
Thirty-ninth St.; good rental Income
now; flee prospective value.
WE ARE ABLE TO OFFER THIS BAR-
GAIN FIVE DAYS LONGER ONLY— INVES-
TIGATE:
$2,700 — 5-room cottage; nine blocks north of
City Hall; nice, attractive building, sit-
uated among other Al homes; between
two car lints.
SNAP AND BARGAIN.
Up-to-date peaked roof, shingled 2-story house;
«3. rooms and bath; three bedrooms on
eecond floor; lot 34x100; barn, driveway,
chicken yard; not far from center of
town; price $2000: $1100 cash down;
would rent for ?2O per month.
$000 per acre— 16 acres la Berkeley; Santa Fe
R. R. close by.
$32 CO per foot: level lot; excellent view; near
university, cars and locals; SO cr 100 feet.
S. M. DODGE & SON.
116O Broadway.
FRANK P. LEE.
011 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
$1750 — Modern cottage. S rooms and bath; base-
ment: sunny side: etreet 60 feet wide:
between Broadway and Telegraph; lot
27:6x120: Etreet, sewer and cement walks
complete; must and will be sold.
$1600 — Modern cottage, 4 rooms, bath and
basement; lot 37:Cxl45; fruit trees; eun
all day: convenient to "Key Route"; be-
tween Telegraph and Broadway; bargain
for cash.
$2750 — Close In; no car fare; good as new;
cottage, & rooms, bath, laundry and
floored basement; extra good plumbing;
lot 3OxI06; owufer breaking up housekeep-
ing and reduced price from $2900 for
quick sale.
J3000 — New colonial 7 rooms; convenient ar-
rangement; everything about it up-to-
date: lot 37:6x100; eunny side of etreet;
close to new "Key Route"; very easy
terms.
$3250 — Attractive new 2-story, 7 rooms, den,
reception hall, etc.; lot 40x150 (note
size); nice location; near new Santa Fe
local.
$2800— Brand new cottage. 5 rooms; modern;
best construction; sunny side of street;
near new "Key Route"; lot 37:6x100;
part cash.
: $2250 — Old-fashioned 2-story, 8 rooms; in good
condition; lam barn: fruit trees, berries,
etc.: lot 50x140; beautifully situated on
eunny side of East Sixteenth st.
$4250— Corner on Fourteenth et.; 60x100; mod-
ern; 9 rooms; substantially built; In good
condition: house cost $5000; opportunity
for railroad man with family; owner
away; needs money, hence sacrifice.
FRANK P. LEE.
911 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
A. J. SNYDER,
Real Estate Broker and Dealer,
4C7 Ninth st., Oakland, Cal.
FOR MONDAY ONLY.
$350 — Here is a cheap lot, 5Oxl00. on north
elde of Sixtieth st-, east of Telegraph.
NEW COTTAGE CICEAP. • .
$2300 — A eplendld new cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; lot 45x132; street work done; north
elde of Fifty-first St., east of Telegraph
ave.; terms.
BERKELEY HEIGHTS LOT.
$900 — Most sightly lot on Panoramic way; 60
feet front on two streets; well worth
$1000; eee It and make an offer.
$2700 — This splendid 5-room cottage on Weat
tt.. near Seventeenth; is close In, conven-
ient, cheap and a certain bargain to the
purchaser.
SAN LEANDRO ROAD.
$5000 — A fine NE. corner on San Leandro rood,
near Fruitvale ave.; 143 feet front; a fine
investment. v
UPPER FRUTTVALE.
$C00— Will buy lot 100x130 on Boston are.,
near the rchoolhouse: splendid climate,
no fogs and exceptional offer.
Let me show you some of the' numerous
new ho^es I can eell you on installments.
A. J. SNYDER. ~~
4C7 NINTH ST..
OAKLAND, CAL.
$0750— A FINE house in Lakeside district;
thoroughly modern and up to date In
every particular: 0 rooms and bath; 5
block* from the business center; 4 blocks
from tho n-.w — -tofflce: price reduced
from $S000 to $6750; mugt be sold.
$5000— Large new modern 9-room house on
Tclerraph ave.: lot la 45x100; this price
has been reduced from $CCOO; is certainly
a great barraln.
C. K. MARSHALL. Ills Broadway. Oakland.
BARGAINS In Piedmont residence lots, includ-
ing all kinds of flowers and Bhrubbery: will
build to suit. Box 654, Call office, Oakland.
. MISCELLANEOUS— -FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. £d-hand machinery. MelN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-1U7 Frerhont St.
TRY ASBESTOo roof paint and be convinced
that It is the only paint that will Etop all
feaks In any roof, either metal or shingle; It
Is also the best preservative paint for all new
metal and shingle roofs, and makes the roof
last over twice as long than painted with
. any other paints: It has no equal. Office. 41U
California St., room 21; telephone James 571(>.
SLOT machines; balance stock your own price;
Deweys, Chlcaeos, Twentieth Centurfcs, one
Electric, two Victor talking machines, one
Regina munlc box. one' saloon bar, etc.
Eureka Novelty Co., 1&0S Seventh St., Oak-
land. /
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterlte; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating: good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERJTE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
FOR sale — One turbine D Laval separator
with 4 H. P., boiler: will separate 1700 lbs.
per hour: In use. only three months. Box
3638. Call offlce : .
A— Fine suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 233 Kearny St.,
near Bush; open to 0 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A — Buys, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-235 Spear st.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost:
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
Bent free. R. E. Revalk & Co.. San Francisco.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free. I
ALTERATION eale — Best $2 50 hats, $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny St., near
Pine; open to 9p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
CHEAP — Choice cocker spaniels; pedigreed
stock. Fainsville Kennels, old county and
Redwood road, Fruitvale.
A — SMALL light business wagon, $25; surrey,
$25; bugsy cheap. 1631 Eddy st.
FOR sale or exchange — A beautiful long-haired
Esquimau dog; very gentle. 1061 Howard st.
5-H. P. MARINE gasoline engine; almost new;
cheap. Address box 86SS. Call.
FOR sale — Grocery counter and barroom fix-
tures. 4732 California st.
FOR sale — Two house palms. 400 Scott st.
SAILING ark for fishing and hunting. 328
' Bush it., third floor, room 4.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
12 H. P. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co., 122 Mkt.
FINE steam automobile; first-class running or-
der. W. V., 620 Lyon st., San Francisco.
SLOT machines cheap; Chlcagoes. Twentieth
Centuries, Pucks. BACIGALUPI, 933 Market.
DESKS and safes; see the complete line at 1816
Market, ab. Van Nessx RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES— New and second -hand. THE HElT
MANN SAFE CO., 307 Battery et.
NEW and second-hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MFG. CO.. 510 Market st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullnrd & Breck, 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS, 109 Vallejo st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
AH bargains ;camp stools and chairs ;hammocks,
metal beds.mattreflses. J.F.Hotter.712Mlsston.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalup*, 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sires. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont et.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg"y.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Motorcycle; two to three actual
horsepower; rive full particulars and close
cash price. E. W. H., box 207, Santa Bar-
bara.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market St. ; phone Jessie 3741, or postal.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-cfl
clothing; send postal. MORRIS, 870 Folsom.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st.; tel Jessie 2S51.
WANTED-^5x7 camera: good lens. Address
1614 Mllvla St.. Berkeley.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA^nHM^lIujRPHYr^ ~~~~
C01-C02-S03 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save excenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided. Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates, and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
Wh^n You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. '
ANY amount «>f money quickly!!!
On your furrtture and piano without removal,
or any other good security; fairest rates;
strictly conn-lentlal; no commission; private
party. Room 63, Donohoe building, 1170
Market st.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business In
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY reenectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846 Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch, 19 Third.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur
nlture, planes, or to salaried people on thtlr
note: proper trtatrmnt guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. 16, Phelan bid., tel. Main 704.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al, no commission, no publlqtty; $25 up; quick.
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
MONEY to loan on low interest: cold, ellver.
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth gt._
NEW easy method — To wage-earners on ilnln-
dorst-d notes' ; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S.49. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture: Indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency, 143 Phelan building.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; otrict
pri viicy jno ooTxtroisnloti ¦ Inst&llxn^xits scepptcd.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy, Conservatory building.
ALL leans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Keamy.
S% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81, 6 Eddy at.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank bldg., 7CS Market Et.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
i salaried employes. R.311, Mutual Saw Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorser. MORELL. 6<O Examiner building.
• MONEY . WANTED.
WANTED— $500 on real estate: interest 9 per
cent. Q. G.. box 2787.« Call office.
A FINE lot of second-hand upright* from $50
up. Including such makes as Chlckerlng Vose,
Kroeger. Curtaz. Kirk ham. Pease Hardman
Marshall & Wendell. Baus and others. BEVJ*
CURTAZ &• 8ON. 1C O'Farrell at. No
branches in Ban Francisco.
DURING the next few days we shall offer un-
usual opportunity for the purchase of good
Instruments at exceedingly low prices; you
can make money by calllnz on us at once.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC COMPANY
7«0 Market at. _^
JUST arrived, 3 carloads new pianos, for rent
$3 per mo.; 11 good second-hand pianos to
be sold at cost. Scott-Curtas Piano Co
6C0 Hayes st.
PIANCg rented $2 up; Installments, $4 up;
largest' wholesale and retail piano house of
the West: write or call for our extensive bar-
galn list. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary.
$40; SQUARE piano in good ord>jr; no ex-
change. 1609 Howard st.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good as'
new; $133. 237 Geary st.
$65 — UPRIGHT piano: Steck mahogany; nearly
new. HORNUNG BROS.. 216 McAllister et.
ALMOST new upright; cheap; cash or Install-
ment. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's,285 O'Farrell.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy planoe. Cecilian Diano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Poat st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new H
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.'
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
NICE fine office to let; also fine front desk
room. Call at 419 California gt.. room 21. --
_.. v - PERSONALS.
THOUSANDS being cured daily by Grammer,
.the divine " healer, Boise, Idaho. • Why not
. you? No pay until cured.
MRS. EATON. . electric needle specialist, has
.moved to 369 Sutter st.. room 600.
MISS EATON, electric needle specialist, has
| moved to £33 Geary sL, room 83
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OAIvLAyP IIEAL_ ESTATE.
LATMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
4C0-4t ! 2 ; Eighth «t Oakland
$18,000 — Modern 3-story business block, close to
banking center; net Income $1500 per an- ;
num; rapidly enhancing in value.
$3,SD0 — Nearly 4 acres en San Leandro road;
modern 2-etory building, with store and
flat of 5 rooms; well and city water;
flat mortgage $2100; reduced for quick
sale.
$2,000— 5-roora house; nearly an acre; 3 front-
ages; family orchard; near car line on
one of the principal avenues In city.
$2, 50ft — Pretty bay-window cottage; 5 rooms
and bath; Franklin St., near new post-
office.
$2.C50— Modern 5-room cottage; lot 50x140;
barn, driveway and lawn; cement side-
waika; bet. Grove and West sts.
$2,€50— Modern cottage; 0 rooms and bath;
33 feet frontage; near Center st. station.
$3,250— Modern colonial; 6 rooms and bath;
lot 38x110; Ptwlmont; easy terras.
* 2>900 n M ° <lern house; 8 rooms and bath; lot
0.3x193; driveway, lawn and cement
walks; near 3bth and Grove sts.; easy
terms; most be sold.
$3,250 — Modernized cottage; 6 rooms and bath;
lot BOxlCO; 3 blocks from Broadway;
land sure to double^
$3,150— Modern, n»w colonial; 8 rooms and
bath; lot 37^x115; street work com-
plete; near 37th and Telegraph; easy
Tprrr\a
$3,250— Splendid cottage; 6 large sunny rooms;
lot 60x150; east frontage; land worth
$40 foot; walking distance to Broadway.
$2,000— New, modern cottage; 5 rooms and
bath: lot 50x100; $500 down, balance
a* rent; near Telegraph ave.
.„« . l-ATMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-4G2 Eighth St.— Oakland
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO . lne
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE,
1172 BROADWAY. COR. 14TH ST.
J28C0.
Here Is a bargain in a 5-room cottage, close
in: it Is modern and has been built about 4
years; the lot Is on the north side of a fln«
residence street.
$3100.
Fine home on Howe st. ; large lot. 60x130, on
sunny side of the etreet; -7-room house, new
and modern; let us rhow this.
$4100.
El Dorado ave. home of 7 rooms; lot 60x120;
house modern and very well built; low price
for Quick sale.
$:ooo.
Nice cottage on West- street; 6 rooms and
bath; lot alone is worth $1800; close to cars.
52400.
Also cottage of 5 rocme and bath, en West
st.; close to cars.
LIST TOUR PROPERTY WITH US FOR
QUICK SALES.
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO., inc.
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE.
1172 Broadway, cor. 14th st.
Tel. Main l».
i * (
J. h. McDonald & co.,
1052 Broadway, cor. Eleventh st.
$1500— Fine sunny lot, suitable for residence or
flats; 50x140: convenient to local trains
and electric cars; Al neighborhood.
$2800 — Elegant new modern house cf 7 room*
and every convenience; exposed plumbing,
-tc; lo» 26x100; terms easy; on Ade-
line st.
$2800^ — New modern house of 7 rooms; latest
plumbing, etc.: near "Key route": lot
27:6x120: price $2800; $2100 may remain
on flat mortrage If desired.
$3000^ — Modern flats, 5 and 6 rooms; on Grove
Bt.; rents $27 60; lot 27x100; reduced to
make quick e&Ie.
$4250 — Modern house of 10 rooms and every
convenience; nearly new; stable; well and
city water: lot 35x123, on Myrtle at.;
house cannot be built to-day for price
csked.
$5300— Fine location for factory; 100x123; near
'railroad; street work done.
$7200 — Choice corner on San Pablo ave.: 65x
111; smaU improvement on part of lot
rents for $15; balance of lot can be ussd
for business.
WE HAVE THE MOST COMPLETE LIST OF
IMPROVED AND UNIMPROVED RESI-
DENCE, BUSINESS AND MANUFACTUR-
IXG SITES OF ANY FIRM IN THIS CITY.
CHEAP LOTS. CHEAP LOTS.
$5 cash, $2 60 monthly; fine. level lots; soil
and location superb; price $75.
$10 cash, $5 monthly: level lots In new set-
tlement; soil and location the best; 50x145;
price ?150.
$25 cash, $7 60 monthly; extra fine lots, lOOx
122:0; 75 homes Just gone up; has a great fu-
ture; eee them; price $300; will build you a
home.
Near two electric lines, school, church, wide
boulevard and adjoining East Oakland; section
building np with good, substantial people. Call
or send for circular. 455 Seventh St., Oakland,
opposite Broadway station; carriage free. H
Z. JONES, owner.
ONLY one left of those fine, new, modern fiats
on the north side of Twenty-fifth st., close to*
Grove; 5 rooms, bath, laundry, separate
yards, etc.: the best and most convenient
flats in Oakland for the money; will rent for
$22 60 per month for the upper; open to-day
Apply to JAMES S. NAISMITH. 634 Thlr-
teenth >t.. or any real estate agent.
$500 CASH buys house: balance can remain
as long as wanted at Interest: furniture and
carpets cheap; this is a snap. Apply S59
Thirty-seventh St.. Oakland.
20 PLEASANT homes; $100 down, balance In-
stallments. Address J. D. BENNETT, 864
Washington st., Oakland; home Sunday
. afternoons.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
MONTANA House. 32f> Eighth St.: sunny
suites and stncrle rooms for housekeeping
ELMHURST REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale — A bargain; well built home of T
rooms and bath, etc., fruit trees in bearing,
cement walks, fine water; good location-
price ?2000. C. J. OBERT. Elmhuret.
MILL VALLEY ADV'RT'S'M'TS
MIL^ VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
SEND for Illustrated booklet of the beat tract:
right at the etatlon; 100 lots sold in elsht
months; flO monthly payments: big lots at
$400 to S75O. LYON & HOAG,
11C Montgomery gt.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE^ — The secretary of the San Francisco
Protestant Orohan Asylum Society herewith
gives notice that the following orphan and
half-orphan girls and boys have been ad- i
inittcd to the aeylum on Halght st. from July
1. 1903. to January 1, 1904: Josephine I.
Johnson, aged 7 yrs.: Meta G. Johnson, 5
yrs.; Florence Wllllston. 5 yrs.: Ruth G.
EBtee. 0 yrs.: Ora M. White. 9 yrs.; Martha
Gossel, 3 yrs.: Fanny Ambler, 11 yrs.; Laura
Amoler, 9 yrs.: Helen Getts, 7 yrs.: Eva
Daniel*. 2 yrs.; Ensulee Mlnlngham, 7 yrs.;
Katie L. Schmidt, 5 yrs.: Elizabeth A. HI1-
berg. * yrs.: William Campbell, 10 yrs.;
Cyril C. Wllllston. 7 yrs.; Edgar J. Magers,
3 yrs. and 8 mos.: Herman Llndener, 4 yrs.
and 0 mod.; Jamea R. I. Davis, 6 yrs.; Wil-
liam L. Estee, 8 yr*.; Willard E. Estee, 3
yrs. : Gustave Deffenbacker, 6 yrs.; William
Reed. 10 yrs. : Frank Reed. S yrs. ; Norman
L. Abbate, 7 yrs. ¦
Ladle*! Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
. are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladies"
In letter by return mail. Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia, Pa.
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile sa!ve.$l per
box; warranted to cure all coses of bleeding,
itching, external, ¦ Internal or protruding'
piles withcut fall, no matter of . how long
standing. 1623 Devlsadera St., near Sutter.
SEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
SEWING machines — Second hand, $3, $5, - $8;.
slightly used. $10. $15. $20; rents at cut rates.
New Home Sewing Machine Co., 1051 Market.
"~~~~ M73NTrCLjClir < APARTMENT3.
Corner Pino and Taylor sts.; beautiful new
modern apartments; all sunny corner suites:
furnished or unfurnished; none superior; ma-
rine view. LYON & HOAG. 1X6 Montgomery.
THE GAELES.
Cor. Clay and Larkln sts. — Modern 3-4-5-roora
up-to-date apartments: furnished or unfur-
nished: all latest conveniences; reservations)
can be made on premises, 1 to 4; terms reos.
TO lease — Beautiful apartment house; Just
completed: 80 rooms, baths, etc.; grand loca-
tion; costly finish: fine business proposition:
rent very low. SHAINWALD. BUCKBJEB
& CO.. 21&-22O Montgomery at.
I A— ~ THE WILLAIID. "
, Turk St.. nr. Gough: 2, 3. 4 rooms, furnished
or unfurnished, with prlvats baths and mod-
ern conveniences; open for Inspection 1 to 4,
also 012 Pino St.; phone Red 5438.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell st.. abov* Van Ness— Tn«
acme of perfection In modern, elegantly fur-
nished 3-room apartments; private bath*.
steam heat, elec. lights, elevator, gas ranges.
ST. LOUIS. 1573 Jackson st.— Modern 3-*-*
rooms, also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now open; references.
AUGUSTINE. »45 Post— 3 and 4 rooms; fur-
ntshed new and ud to date.
HADDON HALL. •
851 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
ROO3I3 TO LET — Porn, and Unfurn.
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
, 115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST 'MODERN AND UP TO DATB HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN: 150 ROOMS: 33 SUITS
WITH PRIVATE BATH: ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT: TELEPHO^TE IN EVERY ROOM:
SUITS WITH BATH. $1 50 to $2 50 PER
DAY: SINGLE ROOMS. 75o to $1: HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts.— Naw>
house. n»w furniture: every room oatstds;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up: this is the only up-to-dat« hou»» la
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth st.— Rooms)
25o to $1 per night. $1 23 to $3 per week and
', light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ABERDEEN. 836 8utter— Just opened; hand-
somely fur.; cor. suites : bath; sun all day;
fine, view; single rm. ; tourists: excl. location,
AT "The. Almonte," 873 Market st. (or N». 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 23c, 50c. ft. $150 night;
$1 50 to $10 week: housa open al' night.
AT the Plerpont. 450 Ellis — Newly furnished
rms.; elevator; hot & cold water; transient.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rooms, suits, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 806— Singla rooms, prlvats family. f«r
gentlemen with best references; no alga.
, BUSH. 1942— Neat, furnished hall bedroom.
! CALIFORNIA. 2304. bet. Webster and FIT1-
¦ more — Good room: grate; bath adjoining; $8.
CAMP. 8, bet. ICth and 17th. below Guerrero—
One furnished room.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DOLORES. 381 — Large sunny room; furnished.
EDDY. 821 — Furnished «lcgle rooms for gen-
tlemen.
ELLIS. 1S54 — Largo sunny furnished room;
new flat; every convenience; $7.
! FILLMORE. 928, near McAllister st. — Nicely
furnished room in a fine locality; car line
passes the door: teasor.able.
I ZZZZ ____.
FILLMORE, 1021— Sunny double suite, newly
furnished; suitable for one or two gentle-
men or couple; also sunny single room.
FOURTH. 475 <flrst floor) — Nicely furnished
room in private family : rent reasonable.
j FRANKLIN, 72l7 near OoWen Gats ave.—
Sunny furnished front room; all conven-
tpnees; suitable for two.
I ZZZZ~~~ '
• FULTON. 1CC5 — Front room; furnished.
' GRAXD Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms BOo
to $1 50 night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
• JONES. 6C8— A small furnfshed room for gen-
j tlemaiK
! LARCHMONT. 361 Sutter^ — Sunny rooms: elec-
tric lights; elevator; central; transient.
¦ LARKIN, 819Vi — Large sunny front room, gas
: and bath; reasonable.
I MCALLISTER. GO— Larse sunny bay-wlndaw
furnished room, vrruer, grate; also one alm-
| liar, without, water.
i MCALLISTER, 1392— Large sunny pleasant
furnished room for irentlercan.
MISSION, 1150— Newly furnished rooms: $1 1J3
p«r week.
pTne, 1076^Nlce!y furnished large room, ittit-
able for one or two; running water.
( POWELL, 317 — Sunny front suite for doctor or
deatlst ; also other furnished rooms.
1 ROYAL House. 126 EIlls^ — Incandescent lights.
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to> $1 BO; week. $2
to $9; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: halha,
BT. JAMES. McAllister and Lasuna— A tunny
furniahed single room: rent $7.
STEVENSON. 522 — Sunny front room for 3;
grate; cheap.
SUTTER 1C22H. near Hyde — Large sunny
: double parlors, with Kltch.. laboratory; reaa.
TEHAMA, 11. near First— Two good-slaed
; rooms, furnished, cheap.
I THE FREMONT. 1SG4 MARKET ST. — Strietly
; first-class elegantly furn. rooming hotel.
! Tel. South 1133. Capt. H. O. CItxrg. Prop.
TURK. 200. corner Jone*— Nicely furnished
sunny room. •
TURK. 1218— Furnished room, with tM ct
i kitchen if desired; also single front room.
UNITED STATES 123 Eddy, near Market — WO
rooms. 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week: elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room: elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggage),
UPPER fiint room for pianist; tafce lessons a 9
j rent; north of Geary, west of Scctt. Box
i 3210. Call office. _
VAN NES3, 519— Handsome sunny farnisaad
suites and single rooms; all conveniences).
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d •*.. near Markst—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rootns;
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $3 week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room; freetma; baggaga.
WOLF House, 2C2 Sixth— Electric light la
every room; room from 13c ta $1 per night.
75c to $5 ner week; open all night.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received ae
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Chare* sts.
ROOMS A5T> BOAHD. _^
A^ 'HOTEL BALTIMORE,
VAN XESS AVE.. NEAR OEART 8T.
AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 70*.
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEX*
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER.
SPECIAL RATES BY THE MONTH.
HUNGER & ZEBERG. PROPRIETORS.
A HOTEL- HATTOy
SE. COR. PINE AND TAYLOR——
This new and rustic constructed hotel Is sit-
uated In the city's sweilest quarter and will
be handsomely furnished throughout with all
the very latest conveniences; Is now open for
occupancy; reservations can now be made on
premises dally.
A THE DRESDEN
] SELECT FAMILY BOARDING-HOUSE. 1*43
I FULTON. BET. BRODCRICK AND BAKER.
CALIFORNIA. 1246 — Most select location la
modern, elegantly furnished private home;
table unsurpassed; marine view.
FURNISHED rooms, with board; modern Im-
provements; for gentlemen only; exceptional
opportunity. 781 McAllister st. - ¦
GUERRERO. 114 — Large*, sunny, bay-window
room; also other rooms; private family; home
cooking.
HOTEL MARTfNET. Geary St. and Van Ness
ave.. has changed hands; hereafter conducted
first-class family hotel; table beard specialty.
A typewriter at any price; agents Fay-Sholes,
$IOU: Sun. $40: Commercial, $35: Postal, $23.
CUNNINGHAM. CURTIM A WELCH.
FURNISHED rooms wlttt board. -74» Ellis st.
THE NIRA. 613 Taylor— Nicely furnished, sun-
ny suites; alro ejngle; excellent table.
NEWPORT.' I0t8 Pine, near Taylor— Large gun-
ny room: also single room; excellent table. .
" Stevenson mansion. XO7 California — Fine rooms;
new chefs; colored service; table specialty.
\ O'FARRELL. HCS — Furnished rooms; home
cooking; German family; SO per week.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WANTED.
A GENTLEMAN desires comfortable room
and board with private family; German pre-
ferred: location rni-st be central and terms
moderate. ¦ Box 2775. Call office.
ROOMS WAS TED!
'2 SUNNY hkpg. nr«.: north of Market: refs.;
¦ permanent; r»nt $15. Box 321.T. Call office.
I Tor Additional Classified Advertiawaeaats
; See Par* -u.
PERSOSAJS— -Contlnne>d.
A — DID you ee« the lady's face
In drugstore windows?
: One side young and beautiful
The other old aad wrinkled.
Examine this real and wonderful
Work now at my office.
M. ELLA HARRIS.
My prices reduced one-half for a few days
longer.
Don't miss this exceptional offer.
Call or send for book. free.
M. ELLA HA*RIUS.
Chemist and Skin Specialist, 781 O'Farrell.
WE would like to put a copy of The Advertis-
ing World Into the hands of every person
who keeps any kind of a store; every ne.vs-
|W£C* man, every advertising writer, every
person interested in business of any kind:
we Eend cample copies free on request, and
the paper usually makes friends for itself at
first sight. It isn't made to be pretty, but
to be helpful— Rnd Its circulation of 23,000
(biggest of Us class In tho world) shows that
it is helpful. May we have your address?
The Advertising World. Columbus. Ohio.
BARON'S CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE.
Young ladles steadily employed can have
Baron's cloaks, suits, furs and tailor-made j
eults to order; on weekly or monthly pay- '
ment plan, at regular marked prices. Con- ¦
vlnce yourself by calling on BARON. 762
Market st.
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage?
Osteopathy, vapor and • electric baths: face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genutne
tubs, hot and cold water; trained ' nurses a*
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris, 40(5 Gsary.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. 1m- !
proves Us growth, slops tailing, cures dandruff •
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness; ;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers'; :
accept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 13GS ;
Polk st. • ¦ - j
A — COME and I«t our doctors give you free j
examination and advice; you pay for the >
medicine only and at the lowest prices. LION
PHARMACY. 1500 Mission Bt., cor. 11th.
A NEW idea In Jewelry and Central American
curies. Indian curtains, draperies, shawls,
etc.; the only store in the city that carries
this. FROWISS A SON. 1239 Polk, nr. Satter
"EPUPHATTIO," famous European (dtug-
less) "Ear-Opener," Is curing multitudes of
(total) deafness. "Guarantees" first treat-
ment shall benefit, or "free." 417% Pine st.
NOT how cheap but how good Is the motto of
. the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine cf to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market St.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter st. ; fee moderate.
RAG carprnts wove to order and for sale; als>
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 709 Fifth st.. Oakland.
BED-WETTING cured, any age; package of
Pen-ine, directions and booklet free. Mis-
souri Remedy Co., Dept. 604, St. Louis, Ma
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drugs dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1839 Polk st.; consultation free; call or write.
LIQUOR habit cured In 2 days or no charges;
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 997 Mar-
ket St.. room 203; phone South 751.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats,
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market st,
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments; 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonla Hall. Howard st.. near
9th; Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
WHITE — Addreps general delivery, postofflce;
write all the news. Yours always, BLACK.
EMILE VAESEUR: Call at your sister's; im-
portant. 5 Frankfort ave.
Bon Marche Pants Co. ; special $5 pants to or-
der. Rooms 14 & 16. 40 Ellis. Tel. Drumm 44.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLPSTEIX & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse, 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 60.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; <1; at all druggists*.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
PALMISTRY.
MME. DEVAS. scientific palmist and astrolo-
glst; palm readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
press, $1 ; open Tuesday eve. also. 139 Post gt.
NEERGAARD palmistry class begins Jan. 5, 8
p. m.. at 242 Post «L; readings dally.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. S15
Taylor at., near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURUEOXS.
DR. C. C. CDONNELL— Office and residence.
1021 V£ Market et_. bet. 6th and 7th; partlcu.
—-lar attention paid to diseases of women.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
Now at SE. corner Geary and 'i'aylor sts.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty
DR. BALL. 1073% Market St.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
pest four years at 115-11? Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary >t.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY, successor to Dr. Li Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases cf human
by use' of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO, the famous herb "doctor— All dls-
' eases cured by Chines* herbs. 746-S Clay st.
STORAGE _AXP rj WAREHOUSES^
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household ¦ goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St.. nr. Thlrd^ phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell ets. ; tel. Prlve. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage—^Furnlture and merchan-
dise. 333 Gclden Gate ave.; phone East 12tf.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made; 840
Mission st. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Corn-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRANNAN. 323 — Bay-window floor: 3 sunny
rooms; complete for housekeeping. Apply
ITS South Park.
FIRST, 22S. near Howard— 4 housekeeping
rooms; central location; rent low.
GEARY, 1002 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
en suite or single; housekeeping privileges;
running water; gas; reasonable.
HOWARD, 613— Nicely furnished housekeeping
room; also single; gas; yard; all conveniences.
HYDE, 414—2 nicely furnished basement
rooms In roar; housekeeping; yard; $15; also
single room. ,
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine «L.
near Hyde — Sunny 3-room furnished suite*;
' steam heat: electric lighted; free baths;
rates $30 up.
MARKET, 1507 — Sunny furnished room, use of
kitchen, (or housekeeping.
'¦ MODEL Home, 1206 Stockton— Newly furnished
rooms. $5-$12; gas. bath, phono.
NINETEENTH,' 3429— 3 sunny well-furnished
rooms for housekeeping; rent $25.
' NINETEENTH. 3430, bet. Mission and Va-
lt-ncia — 3 nicely furnished sunny rooms, front
bay window, parlor, back parlor and large
1 kitchen; well furnished; coal and gas rangef;
- rent cheap to permanent people.
OAK. 38 — * sunny • unfurnished housekeeping
rooms, $15; adults.
POLK. 1C?O. . near Geary — Neatly furnished
front housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
SEVENTH, 191— Nice, sunny, bay window
housekeeping rooms.
SUTTER. 2620 — Furnished bedroom, dinlng-
room. kitchen, yard, bath; use, parlor.
TENTH, 149 — Furnished, lovely, coxy room;
fine folding bed; gas stove; private.
DOLORES. 382, nr. 16th — Four furnished sun-
ny housekeeping rooms; good cook stove; $14.
| ELLIS. 214^ — Furnished room and small kitch-
en; sink and gas stove; $1 25 per week.
ELLIS, 460 — Two sunny housekeeping rooms;
sink; gas stove.
ELLIS. 477 — Double ' parlors, light housekeep-
lns. ..'¦¦•.¦
ELLIS. 599 — Two rooms, connecting, for house-
keeping; sunny and desirable; reasonable.
ELLIS,' 603 — Three outside furnished rooms for
housekeeping. Call from 10 to 5 o'clock.
ELLIS, 909, overlooking Van Ness — Elegantly
furnished parlor suite; other sunny roofqs.
ELLIS,' 1225— Two or three elegantly furnished
rooms for housekeeping, with kitchen.
ELLIS. 1245 — Modern sunny front suite; house-
keeping; hot and cold water; phone; J--5.
EDDY. ' 218 — Sunny housekeeping suit; also
single housekeeping; gas.
EDDY, .739 — Elegant sunny front parlor suite;
sunny back suite, $16 month; complete for
housekeeping. . • - '
EDDY. P07 — Two- elegant large runny rooms;
fine view; first-clans appointments.- '-•
FELL. .447 — Nicely furnished parlor suite and
kitchen; -walking distance; coal grate..'HE, SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 3, 1904,
42
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED—FEMALg.
A RESPECTABLE colored woman wishes sit-
uation In private family. 127 Second St.;
phone Red 47.35.
WANTED — Plain sewing and mending. Bo_
3014. Calf office.
WOMAN want* work by tiie day. washing,
ironing, house cleaning. 2 Welch st.
AT once, position as stenographer anl type-
writer hy young lady; salary $45. Box 27-U,
Call office.
YOUNG woman wishes position: general house-
work and plain cooking. 34 Freel-n St., bet,
Bryant and Brannan.
A FIRST-CLASS dressmaker Just from the
East would like work by the day. Address
IS Verona place, city.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions receive.! at
Call Branch Office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th«
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. «>I McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED- -M.JL-. _
A CARPENTER, elderly man. wants Hsht
work In shop at bench or care for place;
wants to go south: can do almost any kind
if work; small wages; wants good home.
Box 2776. Call.
WELL educated, middle-aged man with beat
of references, speaking German, French.
Spanish, Italian and English fluently, wishes
steady position in city or country. Addres*
box -S007. Call office. _
YOUNG- man 3O years old. having had a re-
sponsible position with a large corporation,
would like to> be connected with a wholesale
wine house. Box 2733. Call office.
A STRONG well-educated Swiss. 2S years old.
attending night school, wants work of any
kind; private place; references. Box 2777,
Call office.
A YOUNG Industrious, sober, married, colored
man wishes a position as porter, janitor or
waiter; can furnish reference. 1575 Chestnut
street. Oakland. ____________________
WAXTED— -By colored man, situation a« Jani-
tor, or stores and offices to clean; situation
as janitor, city; references. Addresa 109 Jes-
sle st.
AN old sober German carpenter wants wort
about a place for rood, home; email w__ti;
city or country. Addresa box 2793. Call.
WIXDOW trimmer desires permanent position;
proficient In card writing and advertising.
Address box 3«92. Call office.
MARRIED man wants situation In country:
understands care of stock, poultry. orc_ar_
and vineyard. Box 3000. Call office.
TO keep books durinsr leisure hours, evenlnss
and Saturday afternoons. Address J. R. II.,
box 27&1. Call office.
YOUNG man. wants situation to car* for In-
valid or old gentleman; experienced. Boot
3010. Call office.
A HUSTLING salesman wishes a line of goods
for the city on commission or salary; beat
of references. L. It. IS., box 3006, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position aa atock. clerk;
experienced; beat of references. Box 2751,
Call ofnee.
PHOTOGRAPHER. all-round steady rood
man. will accept position. T. K. PHTSEJl.
321B Van Ness ave.
MAN as c ho reman and work around placa;
cir» of garden; can milk; handy. Bos
27S0. Call office.
INSTALLMENT collector with bond and refer-
ences d**lrcs position. Box 2783. Call. Oak-
land office.
HIGH-CLASS salesman with small capital
wants agency for Loa Anseles; hustler. Box
3005. Call.
COACHMAN wants situation In private fam-
ily; long experience and best referencea.
Box 279C. Call office.
SITUATION wanted; traveling 1 : salary and ex-
pense account; sober and reliable. Box Z780.
Call office.
EXPERIENCED poultry and dairy man; handy
with tools; temperate, reliable; references.
Box 3732, Call office.
YOUNG man. experienced stenographer, wants
position with large real estate concern, with
some outside work. Box Xili. Call office.
MECHANIC wanta day word; repairing of all
ktnds, furniture, sinks, shelving, etc.; low
prices. 511 Taylor St., near Gea ry.
WANTED— A place for a good boy, 18 years
old: German descent. Please a.Mr -. .->
ADROLS. 42» O'Farrell st.
MAN ami wife wish positions as butler and
cook In private family, city or country; Lest
of rfferencea. J. P.. Ul.">vr Howarl st.
A MIDDLE-AGED German, sober, stead/,
bartender, wishes situation; best of refer-
ence. Box 43. 10C8 Market at.
BOY wishes a place as bellboy or elevator
boy: has run elevator. Address FP.EU
KLEEBAUER. 814 Montgomery st.
SITUATIONS wanted by man and wife on
ranch; man as teamster. D. BRA_DY, 22 il
Mission st.
GERMAN wishes position as bartender. 1«
Franklin st.
WANTED — Position as hotel clerk ln Arizona.
Address box 27S4. Call.
BUSINESS man with $100 wants a position or
i interest. Box 2732, Call.
I ¦ ,-
SITUATION wanted as night watchman. Box
3tt>5. Call.
YOUNG man would like a position In a bask.
Box 3C&4. Call.
BARTENDER wants a position; day. night or
extra work. Box 2738. Call office.
YOUNG man wants position at anythinr. L
SPELLMAN. 62D Clay st. .
AN all-around salesman desires a posttloa.
Address 110S>4 Polrero ave.
WANTED — Situation as cook. 118 Sixth sC
WANTED — Position as coachman. 13 Turk tt.
DREDGERMAN. operating- and construct—* 1 .
Box 27TO. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS non-union bandsaw -. sticker or
• shaver man wishes position. Box 2734. CalL.
GARDENER, or assist gardener, wants sita-
atlon: unmarried; age 34. Bar 2740, OIL
PRACTICAL laundryman wishes position m
foreman. Box 2752. Call office.
DRAUGHTSMAN, mechanical, desires work.
1 KM Mason st.
POSITION as mine foreman: first class refer-
ences given. Box 3212, Call office.
YOUNG man would like position In drug ston
with view of learning trade. Box 275a C_1L
YOUNG man wishes position aa bellboy ln~__w
tel. Address box St>l. Call offlc*. Oakland.
WANTED — Work as porter. K. J. C-RXJET.
1567 Kentucky st.
A HANDY kitchen tnan wanta situation; haa
cooked on ranches. Box 3013, Call office.
SITUATION aa bartender by competent man.
D. BRADY. 2244 Mission St.
WANTED — By a middle-aged man. a situa-
tion as gardener or man about place; under-
stands gasoline engin* and Is abla to take)
charge of a gentleman's place: best of ref-
erences If required. E. C. 207 MontromeiT
avenue.
Al PAINTER, paperhangar and tlnter wanta
work by the day; has necessary tools- vory
reasonable. Address box 2718. Call offlc*.
A DANE, strong and willing, six months la
the, country. 40 years of age. seeks work oC
any kind. Address box 2721. Call office.
A YOUNG man. steady and capable, deairea'
position ln private place: rood irardener;
thoroughly understands horses; rood driver:
can milk. Box 83». Call office. Oakland.
POSITION wanted — A reliable married man;
understands care of horses, carriages and
harness and can milk; wife good cook and]
laundress; references'.* S. D.. 77 Ninth st.
INSIDE watchman, position in city; middle-
aged man: rrferences; bond; strictly sober.
Box 2707. Cull office.
A STUDENT wtshe* to do chores morning and
night In exchange for board and room. P.
JENSEN. 12O Fair Oaks st.
GARDENER of experience wants position; un-
derstands flowers, vegetables, fruits; best
references. Box 800. Call office. Oakland.
GOOD barber seeks steady position. Barber.
11C4 Pare St.. phone Pare 117S.
A YOUNG Japanese desire* country position to
<lo cooking or housework In rood family
AUdrtaa H. KAN A. 1000 Hyde st.
JAPANESE boy wants a place for every Satur-
day; housework or every evening washing-
dl*hea or waiter. F. YAMA. 1910 Stetner st.
YOUNG Japanese wants a position as house-
work. Address ASO, 514 Pine at.
JAPANESE boy wish's a position as dlshwash-
er or housework. G. OKUBA. 518 Jessie st.
JAPANESE boy wants work and attend school
from 8 to 4; speaks English. Box 2722. Call
JAPANESE schoolboy wants a position- $1 a
week, SADA. lrUKSH Castro st. .
FLATS TO LET FCUJIISHEdI
NICELY furnished flat ot 7 rooms and bath- a
rooms nay rent: near City Hall. Box 3C0O
Call office.
FLATS FOR SALE — FUB.X.SHEP.
EIGHT-room fiat for sale; rood location- after,
noons. 580 Geary st
', CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. ' I. O. oHKSJgto-.
i o. F.— Installation or officers -?^2> ; *!rras3,
MONDAY EVENING. January 4; : =^>^^?F
presence of all the members re- y
quired; visiting brothers welcome.
__; E. KAUFMANN. N'. G-
I UNITY "Lodge No. 131. I. O. O. F.
— Installation TUESDAY EVEN-A^ft^g^fe
ING. January 5. Visiting broth- -355S8Pt|gS?
ers cordially Invited. *A*K~*
F. H. HOLCOMB, N. G-
1 E. H. ANDREWS. R. S. .
FIDELITY Lcdce No. 222. I. O. .^SgSu&fe,
O. F.— Installation M< 'XnAY^g^J6_jg_;
EVENING. Jan. 4. Members^-g^nfc^?
are requsted to attend. Visitors *«f™fr
cordially Invited. J. R. CASSIDY, N. «*-
i W. H MITCHELL. Rc-c. Sec.
EXCEI-SIOR Lodge No. 310. I. O.
<). F._ Installation of officers 5&2sB&K£
MONDAY EVENING January 4. "H.i^*?!?* 5 *
Visiting brethren welcome. '"Wsrr 1
H. HANNAY. N. G.
M. HAWKINS. R. S.
THE officers and members -¦ fk
ot Golden Gate Cam;> y[7_~^~~~~Arl_
No. C,i. W. O. W., are
respectfully requested to k5_1*_s5__k_I/
attend funeral of H. S_sgf_»a**il*""'
HERMAN, late member
of above camp and Choppers' Friendship
Club No. 1. at 10 a. m. SUNDAY. Janu-
ary 3. from the undertaking parlors of Ca-
rcw & English. 2!> Van Ness avenue.
WM. CARR. Council Commander.
JOHN T. O' DON NELL. Clerk.
"A MAN'S a man for a" that." — A
grand celebration in honor of the (t 'Sf^B
145th anniversary of the liirth of •.''SS'y:*.
I Scotland's poet. ROBEKT BURNS,
will be held under the auspices of _«M^
Clan Fraser, Order of Scottish —^ 3
Clans, ln Native Sons' Hall, Mason St., near
Geary, on TUESDAY EVENING, Jan. 2tJ.
1!«<>4. Full particulars nlH be announced
next week. Admission 5»C
ALEX Ki'N'G, Secretary.
WILLIAM CORMACK, Chief.
TO the officers and members of the Longshore '
Lumbermen Association. Local 224. I. L.
M. and T. A. — You are requested to' as-
semble and attend the funeral of our late
member. GEORGE R1EDEL. from hl« late
residence. No. 4O> Noe st., bet. Sanchez and
Cartro and Seventeenth and Eighteenth, i
SUNDAY. January 3, at 1:30 p. m. Pall-
bearers — John Tulte. William Shea, Charles i
Merx. James Lawless. M. Weiderman and |
Jerry McAulif. By order.
T. J. MAHONEY. President.
G. A. HANSEN. Recording Socretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re- |
reived application to mine by hydraulic pr6- |
te-s from E. C. Robinson, in Slug Gulch
jihtcer mine, near Falrplay, El Dorado Coun- I
ty. California, draining into Middle Fork
Cosunines River, elves notice that meeting
trill be held at room 'Mi, Flood building, San
Francisco, Cal., January IS. 1004, at 1:30
P. m. j
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic pro-
ceps from Clarence Bradshaw, John Baronl
and Edward Santlrfo, in Elephant Placer
Mine, near Volcano, Amador County, Cal.,
draining into Eutter Creek, which reaches
£sn Joaquin River; from W., F. W. and 1
Geo. Weyman. in Comet Hill Gravel Mine,
n*-ar Granite •Hill, El Dorado Oountv. Cai..
draining Into Bull Ravine, which drains into I
Webber Creek, thence into American River; !
from E. A. Wlltsee and J. E. Doollttle. ln I
French Hill Mine, near Lagrange, Stanislaus
County. Cal.. draining into Snake Ravine,
which drains Into Tuolumne River, and from
E. A Wilts*? and, J. E. Doollttle. in Pat-
rlcksvllle Mining district, draining into Pat-
ricks Basin, near Lagrange. Stanislaus Coun-
ty. Cal., (rives notice that meeting will be
held at room 9G, Flood buildinK, San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. Jan. 11. 1!K)4. at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL MEETING— Notice Is hereby given
tliat the fifteenth annual meeting; of the stock. I
holders of the Pan Francisco and Oakland !
Mutual Loan Association will be held at the
office of the corporation. 51S Montgomery st., j
San Francisco, on Wednesday. January 0.
l!>04. at 3:30 p. m.. for the purpose of elect- |
Inp directors for the ensuing: year, presenta- !
tion of the fifteenth annual report and the I
transaction or soeh other business that may .
••omo before the meeting. Books are now open !
for the (subscription to 1000 shares of Ftocl: |
of the sixteenth series. By crder of the Board
of Directors.
A. SBARBORO. Secretary.
ANNl'AL Meeting — The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Spring Vall'y Water
Company will be held at the office of the
company, JCo. 12*! Stockton ft., at 12 o'clock
noon, en WEDNESDAY, the 13th day of I
January. 1904. for the election of directors !
to serve for the ensuing year, and for the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
PELHAM XV. AMES. -Secretary.
San Francisco. California. December 30.
1003.
AGEXTS WASTED.
WANTED — Firm suitably located to accept
general agency for Peerless patterns, the
hlKhegt grade of paper patterns, which are
about to be introduced to the coast trade:
can be handled ln connection with any line
kindred to department store trade or dry
Itoods trade; excellent opportunity for right I
party: ex|>erienoe in this particular line de- :
Flrable; no attention paid to Irresponsible j
people, hut will communicate promptly with
right partlts with a view of closing negotia-
tions throuph our representative, who will j
visit San Francisco in the early spring. '
Write, statins full particulars, also give ref-
erences. Inde|>endent-Peerless Pattern Com-
liany, 42 East Twentieth St., New York.
$50 WEEKLY and expenses; sample free; j
greatest money-making invention of the age; !
automatic washer; does a washing ln 30 min-
utes without labor or attention; cheaper than
any other; Indestructible; everybody buys;
agents coining money: thousands of testimon-
ials. • AUTOMATIC WASHER CO.. Station
U, Chicngo. ,
WANTED — Atrents to pell splendid article to
housekeepers; all wnnt it; one agent made
$100 In ten days in October; only reliable, j
industrious agents need apply; new article;
ready seller; big commissions. Address JUBI-
LEE IRON CO.. Omaha, Nebr.. 1503.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that is
a decided Improvement on building and loan
is worth havlnp. Great Western Improve- !
ment Company, Parrott building.
AGENTS wanted everywhere to handle marvel- :
Cremo gas lump: outshines 5 Welsbach or 15
electric lights; experience unnecessary. Cremo '
Light Company, New York. j
AGENTS wanted for city: easily demonstrated-
sells on sight. F. JEFTS. suite 20, 28 Sev-
enth st.; hours 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. j
AGENTS make SliO per v.-eek selling Allen's
Fountain Brush. Write for outfit and terms.
Allen Mfg. Co.. Toledo. Ohio. •
$33 A WEEK and expenses to men with rlcs
to sell poultry goods. Orwon Co., Dept. 25, ;
Parsons. Kans. ;
WOMEN and men eolicltors wanted. . Apply to
Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co., 23 California
St.. 1 to 5.
GOOD paylnt: proposition; agents make $5 to
$10 daily. Box 3CS9. Call office. j
WANTED — Agents, street and house work, j
WEISZ. second floor, llfttj Ellis gt. j
ASTROLOGY.
CONSULT Aetor. famous X. Y. astrologer; !
horoecopcn, lessons, advice. Book Store, i
11*03 Market st.
Mrs. J. Francis, astrolojrist. suite 10. Hotel
Langham; hours. 10-5; eve. by appointment. .
ATTOHXEYS-AT-LAW. J
XV. H. BITTNEr! j
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 743.
Scite 322. Emma Spreckels building. |
Divorces quietly and legally obtained for
eight causes; damages secured for injuries to
person or estate: replevins for property un- |
lawfully detained; attachments and garnish- •
tnents for debts; bonds furnished; bankruptcy '
proceedings: wills probated: estates settled;
collections made ln all parts of the U. 8.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
£?e me and save rvoney; no pay In advance.
G. W. HOWE ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs.: rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 6. 1st flyi
1122 Market ct. between Mason and' Taylor. !
Advice free, all matters. Detectives employed I
R. W. KING. At»orn»y-at-Law, Exam. bidg..
fth flocr. entrance room all; established 20
years; all cases; general court and office
practice; no fe»- in advance or for consulta-
tion: evenlnrs by appointment. Tel. Red 3001.
GEO. W. AVERILL; advice Riven In all cases;
divorce, probate, bankruptcy and attachment j
suits a specialty: practice In both State and !
Federal courts. Room 4C5, 4th floor. Parrott '
bldg.. 855 Market St.; phone Howard. 2551. j
ADVICE free — I will advance cost ln merttorl- i
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cates: no fees In advance; open every even-
ing. J. M. THL'I-STOX. 819 Market »t-. r. UJ
ADVICE FREE. ~
Columbian Law and Collection Agency.
Room S8. DIP Market St.: tel. John 6229.
DIVORCE costs $12; open evenings- tenants
ejected. $5. 91C Market. r.C2;ph«»ne P.lack tS5l.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; op«-n cvrnings. H27 Market st., r. 301.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful: all
law business. W. \v. Davidson. 027 Market.
L. S. CLARK. 027 Market St.: consultation
free: nr. fees In advance: open evenings.
niRP^.^DOGs t KJC.^
WARBLING canaries. . talking parrots; all
kinds of song and fancy birds; goldfish, seeds.
raReg, »tc. Give us a trial: we will please
you. 154B Market st.
COLLKCTIOX OFFICES^
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. 5586.
•~5S^^M~££AJVCE^^
HA .y E >' ou anything to sell or money to Invest?
\\rite us for particulars; agents everywhere.
Altaaena Investment Syndicate. 70S Market
gt., tean, Francisco, Cal.
HALF Interest In Weekly Mission Echo for
"'«;. •« t »*>llehpd; no risk; $250 cash. H.
LICK. 3232 Mission st:
WAN ', TED — Partner with $500 to establish new
ouslneasjjnachlnlBt preferred; bx 3687, Call.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
S55. n u op * ne<1 at 1003 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. -
HOARDING FOK CHILDREN.
WANTED— A child to board; best care; large
grounds: will teach piano and sewing free.
Phone Ash BO or Box b88 Call office. Oakland.
GERMAN lady would like to board 1 or 2 chll-
dren. 816 Prospect ave. m
LODOIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1050.
„ 2 Edd >' 8t -. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all' kinds of business chances.
I , _Z__Z
220 rooms; _rand new modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished: swell location;
clearing $4co to |C00 per month; golden op-
portunity. .
15 rooms:' Van Ness; oak and mahogany
furniture; a bargain if taken at once.
S8 rooms; bonton location; elejr*nt build-
ing: luxuriously furnished; all modern con-
veniences; grand entrance and halls; strictly
up-to-date; called East by sickness.
i 12 r( _°. ms: Post : oalc f— S Bru »- carpets;
c !S ars . $50; * 300 cash, bal. on installmsnts;
price |8C0.
50 rooms; new and elegant building: fur-
nished beautifully and up-to-date; hot and
cold water every room; $4000 cash necessary.
30 rooms; rent $05; fine location; all on two
?22S : 3 yettrs# lea «: clear? $100, all full;
5>JwO.
125 rooms; first-class downtown house: 0-
year lease; cheap rent; private baths; doing
fine commercial business; reduced; see this.
47 rooms; rent only $128; good lease: fine
l°™ ' 80me "Partments alwaya full; clears
[ _____
110 rooms; new and elegantly appointed
apartment house; one of the swellest ln city;
clearing $5U0 to $000 per month; splendid
opportunity. ; ;
7-room new modern flat; $450 cash bal-
ance on Installments; Income J45; price $550.
24 rooms; rent $140; newly furnished; fine
neighborhood; close in; always full.
102 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house In San Francisco; beautiful mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing ?4C0 per month; 5-year lease; part cash;
u.'.lonce 8 per cent per year.
19 rooms: cor.: rent $03; oak fur.: rood
carpets, hair mattresses; part cash, balance
on time.
22 rooms; rent $75; never changed hands;
all men: steady roomers the year around:
clears $85 Der month; first-class business
district; price $1800. •
6 rooms; rent $45; oak fur.; moquet car-
pets; furnished 4 months; clears $45; see this.
18 rooms; fine sunny corner; rent only $80;
well furnished; all outside rooms; fine yard;
clears $100.
68 rooms; rent $250; 2 years' lease; well
furnished throughout; close In; flrat-class
boarding house; clearing $250 per month.
B rooms and bath; rent $18; water free;
new modern flat, furnished 1 year; price $300.
50 rooms; Bush; rent only $162: good fur.,
carpets: clearing over $200 per month: only
14 rooms to take care of, balance do own
work; a snpp.
15 rooms: Van Nesa; rent $85; oak. ma-
s hogany furniture; always full; price $1200;
almost new.
8C rooms: cheap rent; furnished last June;
oak fur., Brus. carpets; clears over S250 per
month; half cash, balance 1 per cent; owner
sick in bed.
7 rooms; rent $38; modern house; new fur-
niture; clears $50; only $400 cash, balance
time.
14 rooms; rent $40; new and modern little
• boarding-house; fine furniture; hair mat-
tresses; clearing over $200 per month;, price
8 rooms; fine flat; rent only $37 50; well
furnished; very central; snap at $500.
24 rooms; rent only $125; first -class con-
dition; oak, rnahojr.. I blrdseye maple fur.. J
extra fine carpets; clears $70; price $2000; |
- half cash, bal. 1 V4 per cent.
25 rooms, rent only $100: lease; very cen-
tral; well fur, clearing $120; . must leave
city within 10 days; reduced to $1400; snap.
13 rooms, rent $55; good fur.; carpeU all
full and clean: price only $600.
[Established ' IS years.]
We will sell any house
MARION on the Installment plan.
GRIFFIN. Dullness, — Is — Booming.
ICall, write or phone us
• |for big free list of houses.
ITitle abstract furnished free.J
[Room 40<i, "Examiner" Building.]
Phone Black 3007. Take elevator to 4th floor.
Corner 3d and Market sts., San Francisco.
BARGAIN; 44 rooms, south of Market; 23
rooms newly furnished; electric lights; lease;
rent $06. For sale only by
I MARION GRIFFIN.]
HOW is this? 16-room corner house, north of
Market, clearing $50 month, price $000.
, MARION GRIFFIN.}
SPLENDID 16-room corner in high-toned
neighborhood; new, modern house; all bay-
window rooms; Axmlnster carpets; golden I
oak folding beds with large mirror fronts; I
dressers to match; a home full of permanent
roomers. MARION GRIFFIN.]
EXCLUSIVE — Rare bargain; family hotel; one
ot the best on the coast; handsome corner
building of 100 rooms; private baths; splendid
furniture nnd exceptional, location; 5- year
lease; new and modern In every dt-r.artment;
electric elevator; electric lights; strictly first
! class: heart trouble of owner is only cause
| of sale. MARION GRIFFIN.]
HIGH-CLASS; dewntown; 24 rooms: furnished
4 months ago with best of everything In fur-
niture, carpets and bedding; cleans $175.
MARION GRIFFIN.]
BONANZA— A first-class, strictly , modern
' apartment house of 177 rooms; new building;
elegantly furnished; low rent; long lease;
clearing over $U50 per month above all ex-
penses. MARION GRIFFIN.]
ANOTHER swell apartment hou^e of 100
rooms; magnificently and substantially fur-
nished throughout; . long lease at less than
$0 per room ; full of permanent roomers. See
MARION GRIFFIN.]
FASHIONABLE location; 14 rooms; on sunny
corner: Brussels carpets: blrdseye maple»and.
mahocany furniture; must be sold at once
even if for less than half value; make offer to
.MARION GRIFFIN.]
ULTRA stylish private boarding-house; .12
rooms: on Sutter St.; furnished . In elegant
mahocany and heavy, rich velvet carpets;
5-year lease; clears ?'!91' month. . Sf c
MARION GRIFFIN.]
GREAT reduction; 22 rooms; $1200; clears $95;
rent $1CO; 2-year lease; near- Empc-ium. •
MARION GRIFFIN.]
ONLY $2C0 down and small payments for 8-
room corner flat, well furnished; north of
Market; rent $30. See
MARION GRIFFIN.] .
CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO.,
Phono Black liftOl. 777% Market st.
Bank Reference.
Any house sold on easy terms.
IC rooms: rent $42 50; price $C50
28 rooms: rent $100; price .1,500
25 rooms; rent $t)O: price 800
20 rooms; rent $50; price 950
. 10 rooms; rent $70; prlee H50
10 rooms; rent $27 50; price ;i30
25 rooms; rent $15; price DOO
10 rooms; rent $50; price «50
21 rooms; rent $45; price .» 800
22 rooms: rent $37 50; price U50
14 rooms; rent $50; price 80()
21 rooms; rent $75; price 1,250
18 rooms; rent $50; price 050
5 rooms; rent $10; price 250
I 12 rooms; rent $50; price • 750
| 14 rooms; rent $G5; price 1,000
For bargains see the. old reliable agents.
CAL. INVESTMENT CO.. 777^ Market St.
GREATEST bargains on the market; 45 rooms";
2U rooms newly furnished: chance for 10 of
your furniture:, bargain for $1750; fi years'
lease; rent only $85; 3 blocks of Market:
lease worth double this price; exclusively
with CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO.
34 ROOMS: N. Market: lease: rent $3 50 room;
fine, transient; grand corner location: price
only $2250. - .Full particulars -7T7H Market
st. CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO.
40 ROOMS; nicely furnished; fine transient
house; grand loca.; 2 entrances: clears $250 to
$-U<> mo.; bargain at $.'{000. 77714 Market st.
28 ROOMS; choice location: rent $75: price
?UC0; money-maker; nicely furn. 777% Mrkt.,
$4250— A MONEY-MAKER of 45 rooms; down-
town; this is a sacrifice and I must sell on
account of sickness in the family. Address
box 2774. Call office. , ':-*¦¦>.. •
20 ROOMS; good furniture; rent $50; clears
$75; good reason for selling. 145 \'» Fifth st.
cHrnci^_sERvi£E*:
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Jack-
son and Flllmor-? Us.— Rev. John Hemphill.
V. X).. pastor. Morning service at 11 o'clock;
serm«.n luMc. "A New Year's Call for Re-
turn to the Lost Christian Viewpoint." Even-
;i.k service at 7:30 o'clock; sermon topic.
"Thoughts for the New Year." The psstor
»ill preach ot both services. Sabbath-school
at 9:30 a. m.. orchestral music. Christian
Endeavor tnretlng at «:15 p. m. Prayer
meeting Wednesday evening at S o'clock. By
request the Christmas music will be related
at the evening service. All are cordially in-
vited.
WESTMINSTER Presbyterian Church, corner
Webster and Page Bts. <Haipht. Hayes and
Killmore street car* handy) — Preaching at 11
a. m. by Rev. J. T. Wills; theme. "The
Kingdom of God," and at 7:45 p. m.. thome,
'•Obedience to th- Heavenly Vlslo_.V Chris-
tian Endeavor at 0:45 p. m. P%Vay-school
*t 9:45 a. m. Prayer meeting every Wednes-
day evening. All invited and welcome.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, Van Ness ave.
and Sacramento st. — Kev. William Kirk
Guthrie, pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and
7:30 p. in. The pastor will preach at both
services. Sabbath-school at 12:30 p. m.
<"hristlan Endeavor at 5:15 p. m. anj C:15
I». m. Week ot jirayer, meetings on Monday.
Tuetday. Wednesday and Thursday evenings
at * o'clock. Fr.day. K p. m.. reuular month-
ly meeting of Men'? <:iub. Subject for dis-
•-Ufce'.on. 'Was the Fifteenth Amendment to
the Constitution a Mistake?" All arc cor-
dfally Invited.
FIRST rmiRregational Church, corner of Post
ar.d Ma»-on s=ts. — Rev. George C. Adam£,
li.lX. paM.or, will |irearh at both services.
At 11 a., m., topic. "The Way of Holiness";
reception of memliers and holy communion.
AX 7:45 p. m., topic. "The Bearer of Gcod I
Tidings." A part of the Christmas music
will he repeated at the evening service. All
are cordially invited.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church. Post ?t..
near Webstrr— Kev. I «: Megerve. l>. D..
J«actor. Morning worship at II; Bt-rmon
theme. "Not Weary in \WII-d»~nic" — a re-
view of IJmi.1 and a forecast. Evening wor-
ship at 7:45: subject of address. "How to
Uring Church and People Together," a rally
of wit nnd uifidem for the coming year.
Sunday-school at 'J:30 a. m. C. E. meeting
at 8:48 p. m.
THinL» Oon/trepational Church. Fifteenth st..
near Mtetiun — Kev. William Rader. pastor,
will preach morning and evening; 11 a. m.,
"A Sei-n-.on for the Now Year"; 7:30 p. m.
"A Younr Man's Opportunities for JiKH," a
ejecial service fir young men.
I'NITAKIAN Cliurch <Second>, corner Twenti-
eth and Carp sts (take Mission or Valencia
-*t. ear). — The Rev. .lay William Hudson,
minister, rwldence Z>i«> <"app st. The Sun-
day-school meets at 9:45 o'clock. W. C.
Maxwell, superintendent. At the morning
henice »t 11 o'clock the Rev. Jay William
Hudson will prrarh. Subject. "What the
New Year Offers You." Music by orchestra
and choir, und»r the direction of Jablsh
Element. All the wats are free. No even-
ing service.
BIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
corner Hayes and Buchanan sts. — Rev. John
Stephens, paster. Pul.lic worship at 11 a. m. 1
and 7:.*?« p. m. Sunday-school at 12:3i» p.
m.. C. B. Perkins. su;>erlntendent. Epworth
Leajrue at 6::(0 p. m.. Dr. It. O. Moody,
president. The jiastor ¦will preach at both
services to-day. Subject for the evening,
"How Can We Know the Way?" a New
Year's sermon. Special music. Seats free.
AH welcome.
CENTRA1 M. K. Church, Mission St., be-
tween i-ixt'.i nnd Seventh— The imstor. Rev.
Geo. W. White. I). I)., will s;, ? .ik ; ,t boih
¦¦Tvlee. r»:il *.>!-..• ji i- v -t*5cLU mu-ic ¦•!
last Sund.jy »1M b? repeated, by request, at
•¦ach service. Sunday-school at l-:45; Rolla
V. Watt, sur-erintendent. Youiifc People's
meeting?. -j:i5. Everybody welcome.
TT.INITY Church. Hush and Cough sts.— Holy
communion. 7:Ttu a. m. : morning prayer and
holy communion, 11 o'clock: evening service
at 8 o'clock. Rev. Frederick William (lam-
pett will pr«ach at both service?. All are |
invited. ;
FIRST naptin Church. Eddy st.. near Jones —
Preaching, 11 a. m. and 7:"'» p. m. liy Rev.
Thomas Baldwin, D. D. Hible school, 12 ::ti>
p. m. Christian Kr.deavor meeting. 0:3ti j>.
m. Midweek prayer service Wednesday, 7:45
p. m.. conducted by Dr. Baldwin. All seats
free.
THE People's Church hnlds services every Sun-
day evening at H o'clock in Elks' Hall. 1SEI
Suttcr st. Lecture this evening by Mme.
Florence Montajrue of London. England.
Pastor. Mrs. Anna L. Gellespie. j
FIRST Cl.urch of Christ. Scientist, Central
block. 22.'; Sutter st.. b->t. Keaniy and Grant
ave. — Christian Science service at 11 a. m.:
subject of lesson-sermon. "Ure." Sunday-
s<h<K.l for children at the aame hour:
Wednesday evening meeting at K o'clock- free
reading-rxim. 2<>ti Kearny et., rooms 503-510;
all are ivriccmc.
A GREATER men's meeting at the Y M~C.
A. Auditorium. Mason and Ellis sts. this
Sunday afternoon at :t o'clock. Short. 'prac-
tical talk hy Frank S. Ford: oubject "Dead
or AI!ve." Music by the First Cf>nsre B a-
tional Cliurch choir. Reception to Mr Ford
by the religious work committee at 2:30;
mus ic by the Robson orchestra. Mr. Mc-
Coy" c Life Question Bib* Class will follow
the address of Mr. Ford. A great service.
The mo*t pleasant place In the city for
young men to spend an hour Sunday after-
norm. All men invited.
THE Theosophieal Society — Col. if! S. Olcott.
presider.t-founuer. Headquarters Academy of
Sciences building. Sl» Market Ft.: public lec-
ture at S p. m., in main hall, by E. P. Jones-
subject. 'What Do You Believe?" Lotus cir-
cle. 11:30 a. m. Study class, Thursday.
2:30 p. m.
THE Theo*orhioal Society. Golden Gate Ledge
— Free public lectures every Sunday. K p m
Flood building. m« Market st. Subject to-
night. "The Cycle of To-day." by Miss M.
A. Walsh. Library and reading-room own
daily. 2 to 4 p. m.
WILL C. HAILKY. M D.. Ph. D. on "Grand-
fathet-F." at Hermetic Brotherhood 509 Van
Ness av*.. Thursday nijrht.
MEET1XGS Sl'SDAr.
"NOW" lecture, Henry Harriscn Brown; 5ub-
Ject. "Telepathy"; this lecture deals with
thought force and explains Just how mind I
reading is performed; demonstrated by ex- '
periim-nts; frte with coll<ction; * p m sharp-
music. Memorial Hall. Odd Fellows' bldg. '
W. J. COLVILLE lectures in Flood bldg Mar.
r 1 *A'\ . S ' 5~-- :i p ' m - ln L- 01 " 1 "* Hall. 11th
*t.. Oakland, . :.10 p. m.; subject ("The Out-
L°°£ 1 ? r ,l he N>w Yfa r" Lectures ln samo
hall. 6. F.. Tues.. Thurs.. Fat.. 3 and * p.
m.. in Oakland Mon.. Wed., at 3 p. m. on! y .
MME. SEELET'S teets; lecture bT Halim
nrooks. "Action of Planets on Human Life"- j
healing; 8 p. rn.. Odd Fellows' bldg.; 10c. ' j
MRS. STODDARDS seances. 10c; will convert
the hard-headed skeptics; sittings dally "78
Ninth st.
Friendship Hall. 335 McAllister— Test to all
10c: readings dally. Mrs. Meyer, Prof. Perl
kins.
M S5w EBERHARDT— Test meeting 8 pm"
S250 __d BU bet. Valencia and Mission? 10c.
TEST. 009 Mkt.. 2-S: Mrs. GilllRRham. Mr Wil-
son; sealed ques.; Dr. Cewan. Hargrave; 10c.
DR. Shj.mons. 11 Taylor, trance medium: read-
Ings dally. 1 to 6; dr.. Sun.. Mon.. Wed.. Fri.
MM . l: h. ?._?__? conv 'nclnr test circle to-
r.lgnt. lQc; come skeptics. 018 McAllister st.
MRS. HARLAND— Life readings dally 143 Cth"
Orcles evenings^ex.^Monday; to-night. 10c".
IE . "Et'SSMANWlfTlrele *TM«T eve.
25c: sit, daily. 30QQ Harrison; tel. Mint 9»7!
W. O. KEEGAN Ik Ids te«t seances every night
except feat- 10c; sit. 10 to 5. 148 Sixth st.
MRS CONNOLI,. 148 Sixth sl.Tclrcle every
night; tons to all. 10cj_readln g8 dallv °
g-TVOAV LKCTCKEsI
A FREE double lecture this evening to mm
only; Dr. John A. Kergan will address "h"
young men <>nd Dr. J. Depew Kergan will
talk to the cMer men at Crystal Hall Pvthian
o>^!? y^VS-i "*£* "AesoSns"
!£-_»££-_ *? r * T *. lk to Men -" «"Jahoratelv
S^gS? £3_4£_?S ig_ r 2_^^
eve.; remember que«ion_^ox£ji>eeui^,.r/
SWAMI TniGCNATITA will deliver his first
ecture of a Pertts on "The mm-nYfc-ted
Lnerry or the Spirit" to-night. 8 o'clock 40
Stelner st. ; adr^^or^£5c._Vedanta_Soclety
FREETHOrc.HT lecture. Odd Fellows' I.i.im
_5 to-nlcht at 8; subject. ••_*_«<*"£
iryll on the Reign of Law." Speaker ArtSr
Morrow Lewis. Admission 10c. Arl '-'- lr
PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists to-night Odd
Fellow, buildinc. Seventh and Market sis.;
Mrs. R. S. Lillle. speaker. Free. •'
"WOMAN. Man's Savior." Moses Hnrmon.
chl'-ajco, Pythian Castle, »C9 Market st
2:30 p. in. *
MEETIXG JNQTICKS^
MARINE Engineers' Beneficial Association No
.:.¦>— Members are requested to attend the.
funeral of our deceased brother. F W PAT-
TERSON, from Mlwfnn Masonic Temple
:*62X Mu«lon *t.. Sl^CDAY, January :j at 1
. yVloc:t. JAS. O. RAPHAEL. Prtsle'dnt
EDWARD BARRY. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockhollen of
the Nerada National Bank of San Fran-
«!rco. Cat., will be held at ita banking
fcou»e. Si'i Montgomery street. San Fraa-
cltce. Cal.. en Tuesday. January 12, 1904.
st 3:15 p. m.. tor the election of dtrvtor*
to serve during the ensuing year, ana (or
the transaction of such other business as
Kay come before the meeting.
GEORGE GRjITrr See.
. «•_. rrtneiaco, Dec, 12. 1903.
LODGING HOUSES JFjOR SALE— -Con.
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO ALL!
RING UP MINT 790 the Whole Year.
C. E. HINKLEY. 1020 MARKET St.. opp. 5th
10 rooms; Bush St.; rent $37 50; only.. $450
- 32 rooms; Market st. ; 5 years' lease ....$2.">C0
HI rooms; boarding; effer wanted $!)00
17 rooms; rent $45; clears $00 $750
100 rooms; grand sunny corner $70C0
40 rooms; Van Ness ave.; worth $3000.. $1800
0 rooms; cheerful and homelike '...... $175
IS rooms; C unfurnished; rent $45 $500
35 rooms; transient; lease $1500
20 rooms; lease; electric lights $050
S rooms; Post st. ; rent $32; only $250
SNAP — 9 rooms, nicely furnished; rent $40:
a gift at $175. HINKLEY, 1020 MARKET
St.. opo.- Fifth. ,
GRASP this opportunity — 32 rooms. Market st. ;
owner sick; must sell; offer wanted; your
gain, owner's loss. HINKLEY, 1020 Market
st.. c?n. Fifth.
PROFITABLE — *0 rooms and bar; central
location: It Is a speculation at $21C0; easy
terms. C. E. HINKLEY. 1020 Market St..
opp. Fifth.
FOR SALE— A BOARDING-HOUSE: MEDIUM
SIZE; ELEGANTLY FURNISHED; LOCA-
TION BEST IN THE CITY: LEASE;
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. BOX 2S5C.
CALL OFFICE. _^
$2000— BAY-WINDOW house. 25 rooms; nicely
furnished: all full; sunny corner; north of
Market; downtown. Box 2749, Call.
A— 12-R00M house; newly furnished: clears
$125 per month; price $950. 740 Ellis ct.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION— Prof . Fred P. Evans, the world-
famed psychic, known as the Independent
writer and clairvoyant; indorsed by the lead-
In? spiritual and psychical societies, as well
as Journals of the world; consult ?d en all im-
portant matters, spiritual or material; send
stamp for circular on medlumshlp. Office
1112 Eddy St.. near Octavla.
MRS. DR. E. SANDERS, 41S Post St. — World's
greatest medium; business sittings dally;
mental suggestion and new thought taught;
Sunday by appointment. Telephone Red 3011.
PROF. FrwlP. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
wrltlng and clairvoyance; stamp lor circular.
1112 Eddy St.. nr. Octavla: phone Scott 8S7.
A— MRS. CRINDLE'S materializing seance!
Sunday eve., 50c. 32S Ellis St.: 8 o'clock.
MRS. C. C. KOTTER. circle every night, 10c;
card reading 25c; sittings dally. 43 .Sixth j-t.
MRS. L. HODGSON, circles Wed.. Thur.. Fri"
Sac. Sun, eve.; sittings daily. 148 Oth, r. 16.
DR. COLLINS, clairvoyant, trance medium;
read, dally; dr. Sun.. Mon., S p. m. 1049 Mkt.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-night
at 8 o'clock; $1. lOft-i Bush st.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
9:30 to 4; neanre« Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A — Call at Once and Save $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1 $1 II $1 SI $1 II
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever ln San Francisco.
1 do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charxe If I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I promise to
tell you whether husband, wife of sweetheart Is
true or false; tell you who and when you will
marry. In fact, I will tell you every hope, fear
or ambition) better than you can tell yourself;
he restores lost aflections. reunites the separat-
ed, causes speedy and happy marriage; makes
you successful and* prosperous; cures disease
and lost vitality; 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.; Sun., 2 to to.
320 O'Farrell st 320.
MME. M. BERNARD. . THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., nexlt Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate dercription of the past, reveals the
prest-nt happenings and portrays even's to
occur ln the future: If you are ln trouble, dis-
contented or not oatlsfled with life, or have
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be toM how
to overcome them; valuable advice ln all af-
fairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed: rtadlngs by mail. Tel. Black 4500.
STARTLING disclosures made; come at once
to Roving Bill's Gypsy Camp
And consult Prof. Sardou and Gypsy Madge,
2— expert palmists and life readers — 2.
True and reliable advice on all business af-
fairs, love, troubles and speculations; they
have no equal; satisfaction guaranteed.
Hours. 0 a. m. until 10 at night.
25c — Hand Readings — 25c.
ROVING BILL, 266 .O'Farrell St..
L-I-V-O-R-N-O
L-I-V-O-R-N-O
The "World Renowned Palmist
and Crystal Gazer,
34 Kearny st., over Hammersmith & Fleld'e.
CySee portrait of MME. LIVORNO and orig-
inal testimonials from distinguished people at
entrance; 3 questions by mail $1; send month
and year of birth.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St., cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to S p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 Questions answered, $1;
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; dont send currency; send postofflce.
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
THE ORIGINAL ROMANY GYPSIES
OMEGA. DEBORAH. LELA.
PALMISTS. CLAIRVOYANTS' CARD READ-
ERS, TRANCE READERS.
True Life Readers. No Fairy Tales.
They will Inform you correctly of your des-
tiny, adaptabilities, future conditions; no fairy
tales; truth only. 2S5 Geary St.. nr. PowelL
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERO. palmist, clalr-
voyant, card reader; when others fall try me;
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G..O. are.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. and palm.;
namts; L. 60c, O.,.$l. 714 Franklln.nr.Q.O.av.
A— Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
nemes given; 2Cc up. 6 4th St.. near Market.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader re-
moved from 132 6th to 23 14 6th; la. 25c. g. 50c.
Mrs. Vlrna. trance medium and card reader; 3
questions ana. free. 4C6 Geary st., room 1.
j MME. WALTERS, great card rrader: la. 25c, I
j grnts 50c. 951 Mission st.. nr. Cth; open' Sun. I
MISS WARD, removed to 017 Market, rs. 11-12.
gives names, dates, facts. Hours 11 to 0 p.m! I
OLDEST lady palmist and card readec in city.
. 540% Kearny. room 20; ladies, 25c; gents, 50c.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: slt-
tlngs dally. 44S% Jessie st.. bet. Cth.and 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 0 cents— The Weekly Call.
1<! pages. In wrapper, for mailing >1 per year
C/mjl^' nKATiXK AXD CLEAXISO.
AIR now universally used ln cleaning carpets
on floor, without removal; price moderate.'
S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co.. Call
building. Phone Mstn 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your w.irfc-
send for SPAULDING'S" Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works. 3B5-3S7 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
TRY Hopke Bros.; carpet beating: mattresses
made over. 1432 Howard: tel. South 216.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning: Works. 1S00 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning; 3c: .tel. Mission 225.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works ;pric*s
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.: tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works
333 Golden Gate wve. ; telephone East 12H. *
_ - . OUj.ES RTJPTTJ— E.
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER. 12C0 Market st.
Send for circular. Why will you suffer?
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 8 1902
Mr. A. H-nter —
Dear Sir: For ten years I have been af-
flicted with scrotal rupture. I us»d all kinds
of trut-ses; some recommended tho knife, oth-
ers the needle. Your rupture holder 'gives
perfect, satisfaction. My health i* better than
it has been for years. Your trulv
DIEDRICH BENF.CKE,
2005 Mission st. S. F.
l DR. GRUSS, 504-5-U Callashan""bld"g^Jlarket
and McAlllfter sts., uses the Basford Obtun- j
' der; the only device ever Invented tor grind-!
iiiK. drilling and excavating teeth without i
pain. For demonstration call at 'tflce. -
! DR. LlirLUM HILL. 1442 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge lor extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
umrfcnted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings.' SO.:;
' irlates. $5; full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth nt.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 CO up: crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings, -75c; silver, 35c; crown?; $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.2Ct Sutter.
A. ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon dentist.
room 14 Phelan building. San Francisco.
UHK^MAKKKS AX1) SKA.MSTKKSSKS
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
will opt n Jan. 4; special course ln ladles'
tailoring for dressmakers; pupils fitted for
business; diplomas given; positions furnished;
' patterns cut to order. • , '
)"*. -•'.:¦"•• : 1010 Market St.. above Sixth.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
Mrs . F. Schwanke, fashionable dressmaking:
• from East; prices reasonable. 2035 Howard.
McDOWBLL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1010 Mkt.
I ¦_ m.'SIXISSS CHANCES.
| R. G. WILKE, real estate and business agen-
cy; establiehed 15 years; quick sales. Rooms
! 9 and 10.; 201. Kearny.
A — $lG00 — Rarest chance In the market; cof-
fee saloon and restaurant; choicest location;
dally receipts about $00; net profits above
$:n»0 per month; a fine business: Investigate
I soon; trial given. R. G. WILKE. 2G%
Kearny «t.
A— $1250— DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; close to Market and Stockton sts.:
large stock; clears at least $250 per month;
full value ln sltrlit; a splendid offer. Call
; »R. G. WILKE, SU',4 Kearny st.
A — $750 — SALOON on Commercial st. ; rent
$5U. See R. G. WILKIE, 20M, Kearny St.
• A— $500 — SALOON and boarding-house on
main et.; 12 furnished rooms; established
. ' years. See R. G. WILKE, 20^ Kearny st.
A— ROADHOUSE with 15 newly furnished
rooms; bathroom, barn, 1 cart, 1 electric
piano; lo years* lease; rent $43; price $3tMX);
business very good; that Is all. For partlcu-
lara gee R. G. WILKE, 20^ Kearny st.
A— $1500— BUTCHER shop ln Western Addi-
tion; rent $4o; weekly sale about 4 steers,
25 sheep; 1 horse, 1 wagon; dally receipts
about $40. See R. G. WILKE, 2C& Kearny.
A — $1750 — CORNER grocery and bar on
I Guerrero st.;. lease; a good paying business;
fresh stock; all cash trade. Particulars R.
G. WILKE v 2ti«_ Kearny st.
A— $1400— CORNER grocery and bar on De-
vlsadero st. ; owner has a fine paying busi-
ness, but family affairs compels him to
leave for East. See R. G. WILKE. 26^4
Kearny Et.
A — $550 — CIGAR, candy and notion store on
McAllister st.; rent $25; a nice paying busl-
. ness for man and wife. Call and I will show
you the place. R. G. WILKE, 20>,i Kearny.
A— ?600— DRY goods and notion store with 4
fine furnished rooms on Mission St.; splendid
chance for man and wife. Call R. G.
WILKE, 2t$% Kearny.
FOR country hotels, saloons, cigar, notion
stores, butcher shops or any kind of business,
, see R. G. WILKE, 20^ Kearny st.
I FOR sale — Beautiful and picturesque health
and summer resort. 2 hours' fine from S.
F., 20 minutes' ride from depot; has 20
, acres land, set with all kinds fruits, flow-
ers; beautiful groves; 32-room hotel, with
cottage of 4 rooms, all furnished; necessary
outbuildings, dunce pavilion, bur, bath-
houses, lake for rowing; raises own veg-
! etables, poultry and hay; 2 horses, buprgles. .
bus. Jersey cow and calf, chlcken3, bar flx-
! tures. billiard table, new uprixht piano; 3
I years' lease at S51K> i>er year, can get longer;
| fine mineral sprints; will euro many dls-
easei; money In.tverythlni: on place; round
trip Sundays $1 50 from S. F. ; death cause
of sale; price $2250. CAMERON. ?. Eddy st.
j FOR sile or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect:
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ten; trade
r«r r'm'gr house or business. Cameron, :{ Eddy.
FOR sale — Best little restaurant !n city; rent
$?5; central; receipts $35* to $40 day; must
leave town; price $1200; also several others at
• prices from $350 to J20C0;.all first-cluss prop-
i ositlons and will bear investlsnlion. CAM-
I ERON, 3 Eddy st.
i FOR rent — 3-room fur. flat; central; could get
! 2 more rooms adjoining: reasonable. CAM-
ERON & CO., 3 Eddy et.
6TR ANGERS. ATTENTION!
Are you looking for a safe and profitable bus-
iness opening ln San Francisco 7 If so, we can
offer you any number requiring an Investment
frcm $100 to $50,000; every business oppor-
tunity that parses through our office must
• tand the closest investigation, and we caa
place you in a More, factory, hotel, mill, of-
fice, or. In fact, any business you may prefer;
kindly csll and lnvestlcate.
GERJIANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building.
A— 6 PER CENT MONTHLY,
i On Investments of $100 and upward: no "get-
rlch-qulck" swindle, turf speculation or gam-
1 bllng scheme, but a reputable, established
I business enterprise In San Francisco; cleared
; $07,000 laet year on $100,000 capital; stock
< Increased $20,000 to enlarge the plant; call
or write for particulars.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION.
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or 4a
you desire additional capital? If so. we can
fuvuirh you with an active or silent partner
who will invest from $100 to $50,000; we
bae a large number of desirable applicants
tn our books seeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building.
A KREDO & CO A
765 Market st Established 15 years.
Clear Titles Guaranteed.
$250 — Bakery and notions, 0 rooms.
$800 — Bakery, counter trade $20 dally.
$5T»0 — Grocery, fruits, etc.; horse, wagon; snap.
$1050 — Restaurant; reclpts $50 dally; nr. Mkt.
$10(K>— Hotel and bar, 22 rooms, Tuolumne Co.
J.r.(H«i — Hotel and bar. 31 rooms, Humboldt Co.
S4000 — Roadhouse, 22 acres land. Butte Co.
$7500 — GROCERY business; one of the best
corners in Oakland; full value ln slitht; call
and investigate. THE ALDEN CO., 1118
> Broadway, Oakland.
$4.'00— FIRST-CLASS saloon; one cf the best
for sale in Oakland. THE ALDEN CO.,
1 111S Broadway, Oakland.
CALL and «ee the list of lodging houses from
j 6 to 200 rooms; cheap rents; hotels, romd-
! houses, saloons, restaurants, groceries, livery
; stables bought and sold and exchanged:
money loaned on chattels; millinery store to
exchange. EITEL tt CARROLL. 212 Kearny.
$450 — SALOON: water front; bargain if gold
before January 5. S Mason st. j
$1200— BEST paying transient house north of
j Market; IS rooms. Inquire 8 Mason st.
$C00 — MILK depot, delicatessen, bakery; large
stock; 6ood location; good trade. 8 Mason st.
I — — ,
A STEADY INCOME
Can be realized by taking advantage of our
"Investment plan"; proven by veers of suc-
j ces,s to be absolutely safe and easily realized
upon; investmfnts of 515 and upward ac-
cepted; write for particulars. Box 2741, Call.
IL; =
RESTAURANT MEN, ATTENTION'
I I am just opening a 2C0-room hotel in the
I very heart of Los Angeles and will cater to
a commercial and tourist trade. Cafe Is 3.1_:
i l. r >0 feet to an alley. Has hardwood floors
i and basement. I want a good restaurant man j
I to equip and conduct same and . to such I •
will give a 5 years' lease at very reasonable i
rent. This place will control a heavy tran-
i wient trade besides that of the hotel. Address
box 2770, Call. 1
THE best opportunity In existence for the in-
¦ vf-stment of small and large sums of Idle
money where It will produce a large and J
steady monthly revenue without risk or loss'
; and principal back on demand. For full par-
i tlculars address W. H. LATIMER. 413 Wal-
| nut «t.. Philadelphia. Pa.
' CORPORATION controlling oid established
business desires services of energetic, experi-
enced business man capable of earning $2500
I t'cr annum to manage branch office; unques-
; tlonable references required. Address Audi-
tor. box 53C. Madison, Wisconsin.
WE need a business associate with $1000 to
invest In good opening: write or call. Killen
, Warner Stewart Co., Herman building. Mil-
; waukee, WIs.
WOMAN wishes to Invest from two to four
I thousand dollars in some paying busi-
j ness: must stand investigation. Box 3601.
I Call office.
$1000 — AN active partner In the best legiti-
mate bfnlnfrss ln the city; full investigation.
| 510 Telegraph ave.. Oakland. Cal. ¦
FOR sale— Shce store, stock and fixtures: will
Invoice $1100; will sell for $700: sickness
cause of selling. Box 2731. Call office.
A— $000; SALOON: water front: lecelpts $15
dally; large place; cheap rent: 3 living rooms
,, Eureka Realty Co.; 710 Market st.
; FOR sale — Complete dyeing and cleaning
! works; good location. Box 2S00. Call office.
LADIES «peculatlve!y Inclined will hear tome-
thing to advantage addressing box ;>211, Call.
FOR sale — Gocd paying newspaper route in
Western Addition. Room 1, 413 Bush st.
. FOR pale— Lodging house of 20 furnished rooms
| and barroom. 424 Pacific st.
' SHOE repairing shop for sale, cheap; good
j stand. U42 McAllister st.
' $200— A DELICATESSEN store. 2 blocks from
Market st.; splendid locality; good trade;
can be Increased; exceptionally low rent;
just the place for man and wife. Box
3002. Call officer .
FOR sale — My half Interest -In one of the most
prosperous old established contracting busi-
nesses in California; handling the -very
largest estates here; books can be examined*-
price $25T/0: positively no agents need apply.
Address 32I>4. Call office.
YOUVG. active, sober man wishes to Invest
about $3000 in some paying business: is fa- I
mlllar with the wholesale liquor and win*
business. • Addr.ess E. MEYER. 1706 K st .
Sacramento. Cal. . \
AN old-established wholesale fruit produce
commission business for sale cheap; owner
wishes to retire on account of old rge reason
for selling. Box 3079. Call office.
A— WORKINGMAK'S boarding-house; good lo-
. cation: low rent: steady boarders; no sicentk.
Box f~«03. Call office. --. - . ' -
A RESTAURANT In Palo Alto. In center of
town; good trade; will sell reasonable. Box
2723. Call office. ¦/; >. p ..-
WANTED— Partner In undertaking business.
Box 2705, Call office.
* ' EDUCATIONAL.
ANOTHER Enlargement — California Business
College moves the first of the year to It*
new home. 901-025 Golden Gate avc, occu-
pying 18.000 square feet, the entire top floor
of the new Pioneer Automobile bldg.. oppo-
Me beautiful Jefferson square: every modern
idea for' health, comfort and progress of our
etudenta; departments all reorganized and re-
furnished; occupies larger space than any
other two business colleres on the coast;
write . at once for our 75-page Illustrated
catalogue, giving full Information about our
25 oer cent removal discount. Addres* 3U0
Larkln st.
ALWAYS the best— We are enlarging our
quarters 50 per cent; other schools are mov-
ing farther out to secure cheap rent: our lo-
cation is central, among the business houses,
giving advantages in securing positions. als,o
convenient car service; experienced business
men as teachers: actual business bookkeep-
ing: Gregg shorthand (used In half the
schools In America); typewriter at home
free. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 1230 Market et.
METROPOLITAN Business College, 403 Van
Ness— Ex-Supt. R. H. Wibster; bookkeeping,
actual business, rapid arithmetic, stenog-
raphy, typewriting, penmanship, advanced
composition: expertneF? through drill: type-
writing machines at homes free; positions
secured; favorable terms.
AYRES. the leading business college 723 Mar-
ket st.; established .IS years; life scholar-
ship. $50; bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typ-
• ing. arithmetic, spelling, etc.; positions se-
cured; the college refurnished with new
typewriters and furniture Jan. 1. Catalogue
free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
THE PAUL GERSON School of Acting, th»
foremost institution of the kind In the entire
West: 12 teachers; send for catalogue. Na-
tlve Sons' bldg.. 414 Mason st.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln »t.
"A thorough school" ; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual ln-
structlon. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions.^ Phelan bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy: a thorough school of
dancing.' established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California: both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
HEALD'S School cf Mines &. Electricity. 24 Post
St.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonla Hall, Howard st., near
Oth. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, min.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev. ; est. 1884 Van
der Nalllen ScHool. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY. Peralta Park.
Berkeley, boarding school for boys under 15.
BRO. GENEBERN. Director.
BANJO, mandqlln and guitar thoroughly
taught; orchestra practice free to pupils. J.
HOWARD MANSFIELD. 4B2 Geary st.
FOR sale — Scholarships ln the leading business
colleges of San Francisco at greatly reduced
rates. Address 3216. Call office.
KENT Law School; day and night: conducted
by practical lawyer. 036 Parrott bldg.
PRIVATE lessons: penmanship and English;
day or night. S30 Golden Gate ave-
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night clasa.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping:, grammar, writing
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 10C4 Mission, nr.6th.
GET your help at PINE JAPANESE EMPLOY-
MENT OFFICE and Housecleantng Co., 1333
Pice, nr. Jap. M. E. Church; phone Polk 3660.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post st. • tel. Bush 133 —
Japanese-Chinese employment of nee; fur-
nlshes best help; contracts for farm help. etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton: tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
SWEDISH and German Female Employment
Office, 115 Franklin St.; phone Kolsom 2S56.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main C48S.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY A CO.. ft40 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED FEMALE.
GOVERNESS wishes position; thorough, expe-
rienced teacher and musician; piano, voice
culture. German, English branches, litera-
ture; terms $30; references; country pre-
ferred. Box 3654, Call of nee.
RELIABLE colored woman would like general
' housework with small private -family; no
washing; state wages. Address G. L-, box
2795. Call.
i AN experienced nurse wishes engagements; sur-
gical or confinements; reference; reasonable;
careful; economical. Call or address MRS.
MERRITT, 127 Seventh st.
DRESSMAKER, coat and suit maker, first-
class cutter and fitter: only the best of work
done at home or in private families per day;
latest fashions. ELE BARSS. 64 Webster, j
A STRONG, respectable woman would like |
cashing. Ironing or house cleaning by the I
day for Wednesday or Thursday. Box 2730, I
Call office. J
WANTED — By middle-aged lady, to keep house
in widower's family: Is fond of children;
best of references. Call at 810 California st..
fiat D.
BY a very first class cook and manager, equal
chef; French and German cooking; good
housekeeper; good references. SOMMER,
1111 Sntter st.
HOUSEWORK by neat, experienced rlrl; very
gcod cook; managing and marketing if He-
s!red: small family; wages $25; fare expected.
Box 2794. Call.
RESPECTABLE woman; good cook, good laun-
dress; in private American family; city or
country; good references; from $20 to $25 per
month. 704 Folsom st.
DRESSMAKER, experienced, good cutter and
fitter. Is open for a few more encasements;
city or country; terms reasonable. Box
2747. Call office.
YOUNG lady desires position to assist with
books or general office work; has knowledge
of stenography. Box 27S0 Call.
FIRST-CLASS German second girl, fine sewer
. and waitress, wishes situation In small
American family; $30. SAdd. box 2762. Call.
A DANISH lady wishes a position In a re-
spectable family: only four months from Den-
mark. Box SC93. Call. ;
WANTED by a lady — Position as stenographer
and typewriting: also understands catalog-
ing. Box 3OO.1. Call office.
AMERICAN woman wlshe* situation aa work-
Ing housekeeper; country preferred; wages
$25. Address 2221 Webster St.. S. F.
WOMAN wants work by the day washlnr or
cleaning: wages $1 day. Address box 2753.
.. Call office.
COLORED woman wishes work by the day
cleaning window*, washinr: first-class laun-
dress; references. Bex 3209. Call. '
A RELIABLE woman with city references for
washing or hou!«>cleantng; $1 25 and car
fare. Box 2773, Call oft'.ce.
STRONG, reliable woman as Janltress. or
would do washing and Ironing by the day.
Box 2787. Call office.
MARRIED couple with experience would like
a place; man about place; wife Is good plain
cook and good housekeeper. Bax SCS7. Call.
YOUNG lady wishes a few more engagements
for shampootnc, manicuring and scalp treat-
ment. Phone Capp 3573.
YOUNG lady, experienced, • would like position
in store or office In the Mission. Box 38S5,
Call office.
BY first-class seamstress work by the day,
any kind of work; 75c a day and car fare.
Box 27S1. Call.
GIRL wishes position as nursegtrl for a child
3 years old; wages $25 month. 1258 O'Far-
rell Ft., city.
WANTED — A situation as chambermaid. 214
Fifth st.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 13 Madl-
scn ave.
A YOUNG lady would like some kind of work
at home. Call or addresn 525 Folsom st.
YOUNG lady desire* position to learn cashier-
Ing. Bex 2700. Cal! office.
WOMAN with a child would like place as
housekeeper. Box 2778. Call.
EXPERIENCED stenographer desires posi-
tlon. Box 3G0C. Call.
A MIDDLE-AGED colored woman wishes place
for light housework. Box 3008. Call of floe.
DRESSMAKER, first-class, desires work by
the day. - Box 2740. Call office.
POSITION— Upstairs work and sewing: flrst-
class references. Call 1007 Howard st.
YOUNG girl . wishes position as bookkeeper
Box 2790^811 offlce.___ «~**eeper.
WANTED — Work with dressmaker tailor bv a
'-rood "ttamstress; $1 a day. Box 2737, Call.
MARRIED woman wishes position for general
work around house. Box 2718. Call.
WOMAN wants work by the day. washing or
house cleaning. Call 150 Tehama st.
YO R N . Q S.C 1 wl8h «» Position: light housework;
$15 to «2O a mon^h. 1002 Filbert st."Do you know what precautions the
proprietor of this hotel has taken
against lire?" asked the nervous old
lady, as the Bellboy escorted her to a
room on the fifth floor.
"Sure I. do." replied tl» knowing
youth. "De boss has got de joint in
shoor*d fer two times de worth ur It-
See?"— Chicago
"Sure I do, ma'am. It's de kind o*
cake dat stays by you. I'll bet Til be
carryin' dat cake around fer weeks to
come. It's Just de stuff to trow at one
o* dese yere bull pups -when he comes
at yer open-mouthed. It'll knock his
head oft at twenty yards, yes, ma'am."
—Cleveland Plain Dealer.
"Did you make dls cake all by your
self, ma'am ?"
"Why, yes. Do you Uke It?"
N. L. and Marie A. Free* to F. D. Cnas<",
lot on SE corenr Shattuck avenue '(since wid
ened to W feet) and Hearst avenuo (College
way), E 40:3, S 124:8. W to E line of Shat
tuck avenue, N to beginning; block A, man
of Villa lots, adjacent to university site on W,
Berkeley; $10.
W. F. Helirikaznp to T. F. Holtz. lot on B
line- of Eighth street, 100 N «f Bancroft way
or street. N 101:3 by E 130. lots 19 and 20.
block 113. mao tract B. Berkeley Land an<l
Town Improvement Association. Berkeley; $10.
George W. and Angetlne S. II. Webb to G«o
Quong Woo. lot on NW corner of Virginia anil
Louisa street, W 230.96. N 100, E 230 75, »
100, lots 11 and 12 and portion of lots 13 and
14, block B, Eureka Homestead. Berkeley; $100.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Mrs.
Amy A. Smith, lot In cemetery, Oakland Town
ship; ?40.
Clinton T. and Eliza A. Hull k> George G.
Wickson, lot on SK corner of Garber street and
College avenue. E 1S4:8 by S 102:5. lots 1 to
3, block E, map of property of Berkeley Home
stead Association. Berkeley; $10.
Peter L. Halse to Johanna E. Halse. lot on
N line of Brockhurst street, 117.10 W of Grove
W 34. N 100.48. E 34. etc.. S 10O.4S. block F.
map of remaining property of Central Lanct
Company in blocks F and G. etc.. Oakland;
gift.
Margaret Spencer (wife of L.) to Martha E.
Mulllken (wife of James C. and Grace Mulll
ken), single, all interest in lot on N line- of
Fortieth (or Evoy) avenue. 408 E of Linden
st., E«96 by N 256. lot IS. Mulliken Tract, sub
divided September 30, "73. Oakland Township;
Zltt.
Haiti- A. MacRae to Sarah E. MacRae. lot
on N line of Railroad avenue. 10O E of Walnut
street. E 50 by N 150:2. lot 3. block S3. lands
adjacent to Enctnal, Alameda; gift.
Alice Demorest (widow) to Realty Syndicate
(corporation), beginning at Intersection of NW
line of Peralta street with E line of Harlan.
N €0. E &4.S3. SW 87.45. block 803, Watt*
Tract. Oakland; quitclaim deed: $10.
Calvin A. or C. A. Shaw (single) to William
H. Butter* Jr. and H. H. Buhring. lot on 3
line of Fortv-slxth street. 300 E of Grove. H
100 by S 100, lots 11 and 12, block 2110. Alden
Tract at Temescal. Oakland: $10.
Judson and Catherine C. Wheeler to Earll
H. Webb, lota 1. 4, 0, 12. block 1, lot 11, block
2. lot 24, block 3, lots 1 to 3, 0 to 11 and 16,
block /4, amended map of portion of La Loma
Park and Wheeler Tract, Berkeley: excepting
from said lot 11, block 4. a small strip in NW
corner thereof, formerly deeded to James F.
Peck. Berkeley: $10.
William F. and Johanna Schnlte to Conrad
Roth, lot on N line of Pacific avenue. 20O E of
Willow or Twenty-first street, E 60 by M
130:2, lot 5. block 19. lands adjacent to Kb*
cinal, Alameda: $,10.
John M. Sheaff (trustee under will of Amos
Mecartney) to Golden Gate Syndicate (corpor
ation), all tax and assessment certificates and
all rights acquired thereby and existing there
under and all deeds and rights to property
purchased at tax or assessment salea and a!l
real property In State of California of which
Amos Mecartney died possessed and generally
described in decree of partial distribution S361,
Alameda County; $10.
Allen D. and Amelia E. Wilson to John J.
McDonald /single), lot on E line of San Pablo
avenue, 39:194 S of William street, S SO by E
77:0. lots S and 6. block 2001. Hogan Tract, ex
cepting improvements and buildings, Oakland;
$10.
John J. McDonald (single) to R. D. Hunter,
same. Oakland; $10.
Sarah C. Beam to Frederick G. Balrd, lot
on E line of Franklin street. 345 N of Durant,
E 15O, N 5, thence N on line deflecting 10 de
grees 4 minutes to left 45.7, W 142, S 50, block
273, Witcher's map. Oakland; $10.
Thomas and Teresa Rowan to Edward
Stokes, lot on N line of Forty-fifth street, tKX>
E of Grove. N 100 by E 53, lot "30. and W [i
feet of lot 29, block 2110, Alden Tract at Tem
escal. Oakland; 910.
Alameda County.
Otto Lange (owner) with Carl P. Ahlgren
(contractor). architect August Nordln — All
work except mantels, shades and gas fixtures
for a two-story frame building on E line cf
Shrader street, 1C0 N of Parnassus, E 123 by
N 23; $4256.
Jean M. Boyd. trustee estate of Alexander
Boyd (owner) with John G. Sutton & Co. (con
tractors), architect Nathaniel Blaisdell — Steam,
heating plant for alterations and additions to ¦
three-story brick' building on NW corner of
Battery and Pine streets, N 43:10 by W 1U7:6;
lioea
Same owner with National Electric Com
pany (contractors), architect same— Electrical
work for same on fame; $1100.
C. B. Wilson to Mary R. Dustan and James
W. Richardson, lots 10 and 11. block 34, Paul
Tract Homestead: $10.
George N. Williams to same, eame, quitclaim
deed; Jl.
Builders* Contracts.
Antoine and Grace Borel to Eva Morris, lot
en E line of Paris street. 25 N of Persia, N -5
by E 100, block 19, eame; J10.
Estate of J. M. Carlisle, deceased (by Wil
liam Hale, administrator) to Mrs. M. A. Meier,
lots 7 and 10. block 422. South San Francisco
Homestead and Railroad Association: $730.
M. A. Meier to - Charles D. Lucas, same;
grant.
Solomon ami Dora Getz to Emily Gottfried,
lot on NW corner oi Forty-seventh avenuo and
I street, W 32:6 by N 100; $10. *
Nathan and Sarah Morris to Umbeato Varni.
lot on W line of Eleventh avenue, 200 N ot
K street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
Thomas Orr and John A. Pattern (by T. TV.
McDonald. conunl«sioner> to Jackson L. Shra
der, lot on W line of Korty-ftrtfi avenue, luO
N of Q street. N 50 by W 120; $1C0.
James W. Richardson. Mary R. Dustan and
Dorothy Dustan to Leopold Weinatetn, lot on
NE line of Berlin street, 50 SE of Harkness.
SE 100 by NE 120. lots 10 and 11. block il,
Paul Tract Homestead; $10.
Leopold and Sarah Welnstein to Oscar Hey
man. Eame; $10.
Adolphine M. Moran to James M. Moran. let
on SE corner of Fourteenth and South Brod
erick streets, E 73:9, S 120. W 73:10»«. N
115:1, lots 1 to 3. block D, Park Hill Home
stead Association; gift.
John Cherry to John McCarthy, lots 5J8 and
518. gift map l: gift. _ , _ .
S. Ducaa Company to Arthur W. Potter, lot
on N corner of Woolsey and Glrard streets. NE
100 by NW 30, lots 1 and 2. block 10, Uni
versity Mound: $10.
Ros>a Mandler to John.Tunnicllffe. let on S?:
line of Mission street. 3C0 NE of Virginia, NB
25 by SE 13.'«:6, Precita Valley 3G7; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to John Green, lot
on SW line of Persia street. 50 SE of Athens.
SE 23 by SW 100, block 74. Excetslor Home
stead; $10.
T. J. and Flora V. Spencer to Laura R.
Smith, lot on S line of Clement street. 57:0 U
of Fifth avenue, E 23 by S 10O; $10.
Sidney Clack to Emily M. Clack (and as
trustee George S.. Rosetta V., Theodore A.
and Cecelia Clack), 192i D 271 (wrong refer
ence), lot on De Boom street, near Second; $1.
Edifh Pickles to same, all Interest In prop
erty of Sarah Clack, deceased: $ .
Swedish Evangelical Lutheran Ebenezer
Church of San Francisco to the Salvation
Army, (a corporation), lot on SE lin« of Mis
sion street, 154:8^ NE of Ninth. NE 42:2}i
by SE 160; $10.
George French to same, lot on SE line of
Mission street. 135:4 NE of Ninth, NE tt;Tfc.
SE 80. SW 0:6%. SE Sl>, SW 40, NW 73, NK
0:11, XW 85; $10.
Henrietta N. Hobbs to - J. K. C. Hobbs
Estate Company lot on 3E corner of Turk
and Gough streets. S ISO by E tfS; $10.
Julia C. Kirby to James K. Cosgrave. lot
on W line of Octavla street. 73 S of Green.
S 25 by W 124:7; $10.
James K. Coagrave to Maurice Casey, same;
110.
Elizabeth Blsbee- to Adolf Wlrtner. lot on
N line of Pine street 47 :« E of Pierce. E
22:tt by N 87:B; $10.
E. L. Goldstein Company to Eugene J. Pon
tacq. lot on N line of Clay street, ICO E of
Stelner. E 30 by N 127:SU: *1°. ¦ '-*
Ellen Downing to Valentino Mel. lot on N
line of Grove street. 250 E of DevUadero, E
23:2%. N 107:6. W 0:2Va. N 16:». NW 23:3?*.
S 12S:U4; *10.
John A. Matheson to George W. Wlttman.
lot on N line of drove street. 175 E of Brod
erick. E 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Halvar J. T. Jacobsen to Axel V. Kettei*.
undivided half of lot on W line of Masonic
avenue, 3CV:2 S of Frederick street. S S:79».
fcE 1:8%. S\V 115:2^. N C5:10*i. E 100; $li>.
Lange Investment Company to Otto F.
Lange, lot on E line of Shrader street. UO N
of Parnassus avenue. N 25 by E 125: $10.
Edward J. Smith to Margaret Smith, lot on
S line of Waller street. UJ E of Scott. E 23.
S SO. W 30:5^. NE 89:9%, lot 4, block 4.
Marion Tract (Hospital lot); gift.
Ella W. R. Wilson to Charted Wilson, lot oa
N line of Nineteenth street. 100 W of Hart
ford. W 25 by N 75: gift.
Harvey E. and Fannio L. Harris to Stan
islaus Lnichot lot on E line of Colllngwood
street, 223 S of Eighteenth. 8 « by E 125; $10.
Mary L. and Stephen Born to Emma E.
Lechleiter lot on NW corner of Twenty- fifth
and Diamond streets. N 33 by W SO; $10.
Henry L. Glmmel to Joseph and Roslr.a
Lomettl lot on N line of Telegraph placr,
206:3 E of Dupont street. E 17:2^ 4 by N 4£
quitclaim deed; $10.
Julius C. Glmmel to same, same: $10.
Albert L. (alias Louis A.) Ulmmel to same,
same: *1O.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, -SUNDAY, JANUARY 3, 1904.
43
HELP WANTED — MALE— Continned.
OPEN TO-DAY. - - •
SUNDAY. UNTIL 10 A. M.
MURRAY & READY. 634-036 Clay St.,
Phone Main 5S18.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents. ¦
1902 we gave 100'J we'll give
45,000 men work. 60,000 men work.
Arizona, close to Prescott. $0.
German or' Scandinavian cook, wife, hotel,
$50.
5 cooks. $30. S40, $50, $60 and found.
25 farm bands.
Carriage trimmer, Old Mexico, free fare.
$9— Don't forget— $9.
Arizona to-day — Prescott.
Steady job for 2 years; big wares.
Italians.
40 Italians to chop wood; tools found.
New railroad work.
155 Italians or Portuguese; $60.
155 Greeks or Spaniards; $60.
155 Austrians or Mexicans: $C0.
Sexton young or middle-aged man, $25 Id.
GOOD JOBS. ,
12 two and four horse teamsters, $67 50 and
$75 per month; good jobs.
German brewer. State of Nevada.
MURRAY & READY. C3t-63(i Clay st.
BIG- LUMBER COMPANY —
4 rigging pullers (40 and found.
3 bellboys, $25, $20, $15 and found.
Neat young man, tend bar, help deliver
drinks. $35 and found: near city.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
LOOK!
Ironer, country laundry, $60.
Baker, hotel, $55 and found.
Boy for coal yard, city.
Baker,- Institution, $40 and found.
In Mendocino Countv.
18 German or Scandinavian woodchoppers;
big job; $1 to $1 50 cord.
LOOK.
' 4 miners, fare $4, $75. ' - '
3 carmen, same mine, $67 50.
Boilermaker, free fare; blacksmith, country.
PRUNERS.
3 pruners, boss here to-day, $30 and foond;
sack sewer: night cook, $8 week and found;
night washer, s-tableman, $60.
SPECIAL.
Head waiter, tlrst-class country hotel, $50
to $G0; night offlce clerk, country hotel, $35
to $40 and found.
Boss here, both places.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
PALMER HENDRIKSON, formerly of Seattle,
is earnestly requested to write to his sorrow-
ing mother, or come home. •
AT once, two high-grade canvassers for maga-
zine work. 59 Columbian bldg.; city.
MUSICIANS to join military band. 328 Bush
et., third floor, room 4.
MEN to learn barber trade. San Francisco
Barber College. 741A Howard st.
WANTED — Messenger boy, about 14, M3-- offlce.
Apply room. 4, 320 California Bt.
BARBEBTTituatlon wanted by a first-class man;
country preferred. Box 2725, Call offlce.'
W ANTED — An experienced Janitor: permanent
position for a sober. Industrious man; ap-
plicants must state age and where last em-
ployed. Box 2769. Call offlce.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get It done for 25c, 50c
and 60c while you wait at 563 Mission Bt.,
bet. 1st and 2d stB., or 11 Third st.
REPRESENTATIVE wanted In each county of
California ; new proposition. Address People's
Co-operative Co.. 437 Parrott bldg.. S. F.
"WANTED — Men and women to learn the
barber trade; wages paid while learning.
Call or address Western College of Barbers.
647 Commercial St.. San Francisco.
WANTED— An all around bookbinder; on» who
can do forwarding and finishing on full
bounds. Apply SANBORN. VAIL. St CO.. 741
Market st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor. ha«
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.: 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
! PENSION ATTY., M. HARRIS, 40 Ellii St.; 14
years' practice; references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
I .i
I TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d St., Exam. bid.
EEAMEN for Auetralia and Europe; also green
hands for whaling. HERMAN'S, 22 East st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bul'Is. room 40, Phelaa
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
McDONALD A PERRY have a large stock ot
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 3d at.
.WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has be«o
opened at 1008 Market at., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. 663 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
[ GET your shoes half soled while waiting; Z5o
to 60c. 663 Mission tt.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
$75 — A SPDniTED, gentle riding pony; not
afraid of anything; well gaited. HARRY
W. NASON. 2017 San Antonio ave.," Ala-
meda, Cal. -
PAIR horees; 4 and 5 years old; bays; per-
fectly matched: well broken; gentle. Box
3215, CaU offlce. J
BLACK mare. $25; old mare, $10; milk wagon,
$00; ped. wagon, $40. 79 City Hall ave.
LIGHT horse for sale. 2458 San Bruno road.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and go-cart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
FOR sale — A mare, 9 years; splendid for bug-
gy. Elm Saloon, Melrose, Hlght et.
WANTED — Two pound young draught horses.
S. F. Candle Works, 402 Front st.
FOR sain — Fine glass-front coupe, with har-
ness complete. 1011 Sutter st.
FOR sale — Handsome trap, cheap. Box 3759,
Call offlce.
FOR sale — A 2-horse hay wagon; cheap. 2400
Harrison Bt.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd, sur-
rey.harness.work.drlvlng horses. 15th- Valencia.
..- HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G.H.UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
st., on the equare.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of bouses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
COMPLETELY furnished house of 8 rooms and
bath; Oak st., near Flllmore; rent cheap.
Apply 620 Oak st.
L.OST AND FOUND.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernla. Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco- In
the name of ELIZABETH G. BERRY, No.
2G0-443. The finder will please return to
bank.
LOST— Lady's gold, watch, with Initials "H.
A.," Halcht-st. car, Saturday morning:
keepsake of deceased eister. Return to 265
Laussai. ave., between Flllmore and Stelner.
Reward.
LOST — Fox terrier, female, black and white
markings. Liberal reward If returned to
DICK DOHERTY. Imperial Saloon, Powell
and Eddy us.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loaa Society of San . Francisco In tha
name of LOUIS C. MAYER. No. 269,028.
The finder will please return to bank.
GOLD watch and chain left In some saloon
December 19 by intoxicated man; $10 re-
waid. Box 2783. Call offlce.
LOST— Spectacles, at Call offlce, 8:30 p. m.
Saturday. Finder please leave at 1014 Mis-
sion st. and reoelve reward,
LOST — Foreign letter addressed to W. Zimmer-
man, 1717 Laguna. Return 1745 Laguna.
LOST — In Golden Gate Park, one quarter boot.
Return to Hildebrand's stable. 1019 Powell st.
LOST — New Year's eve. chinchilla collar, on
street or left In carriage; liberal reward.
1524 V, Clay st.
LOST — Gold watch and chain, together with
vest; neighborhood of Sacramento and Gough
sts ; reward. Call box 2726. ,
LOST — 2 black and 1 red cow. Please Inform
JOE KENNEL. Six-mile House. San Bruno
road. .
FOUND — Silver watch, Powell and Market. In-
quire Police Station, pay .charges and receive
' same. ¦ • ' .
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; 30
'years' experience; removed to 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant rs-
Uef guaranteed. 1008 \j Market at., opp. 6th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Offlce, 1018 Market st. ,
BE1/P WAXTE D— F K M A L K~C« n .
A — COOK and eecond girl for the same house,
small family m city. $30 and $25; a cham-
bermaid, also waitress for young ladies'
school in city $20 each ".references; a parlor
maid and waitress for 3 In family. t'SO; four
other waitresses for private families, city,
$30 each; a cook for email restaurant, $30;
a Eecorid cook for an institution, $25; a wait-
ress, for private family, $35; a maid and
•tanmrees $25; forty girls for all kinds of
household 'work $30 $25 and $20. MISS
PLCNKETTS. 423 Sutter St.. near Powell.
A — THE DOMESTIC CLUB.
2.i3 Geary st Room 36. -
Cook. Jewish family • *33
Cook. American family, Oakland ........ S33
Cook. San Mateo $30
Nurse, about K5. ( for 2-year-old child,
leading house In city $30
3 parlor maids, must be experienced
¦waitresses $30
Housework, fine places $25. $30
A GIRL wanted for light housework. Apply at
1521 Webntcr st.
YOUNG girl to assist with light housework.
Apply 2820 Fclsom St. . -
WANTED— Operators on ladles' underwear.
C5tf Mission st.. third floor.
WANTED — Operators on ladies f waists. 658
Mission et., third floor.
IRONERS wanted. 656 Mission St., third
floor.
GIRL for general housework: $15 per month.
ISO Eleventh st.. top floor, left.
COMPETENT crochetrrs on umbrella shawls;
steady employment. Call 1513 Ellie st.
WANTED— A first-class coat finisher; wages
$10 to $12 per week. 120 Kearny st.. room 1.
WANTED— In San Rafael, strong. Intelligent
girl, about 2S years, general housework;
wages $30 month. Address, with references,
H. B.. SOS Fourth et.. San Rafael. Cal.
OPERATORS and tuckers on ladies' waists;
good pay; permanent positions. JUDA
BROS.. 320 Market Bt.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett, instructor, 302 Montgomery.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market si, opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCT,
520 Sacramento St. — 520.
Phone Main 1191—1191 Main, phone.
NOTICE OF REMOVAL.
On account of our business growing so> large
we are forced to move to new and larger quar-
ters. From January 6 on we will be located at
526 MONTGOMERY ST.— 526.
Upstairs. First floor. Corner Clay et.
Coal miners — Oregon. New Mexico. Chico,
Butt* County; half fare; 25 two and four horse
teamsters, ?2 25 and ?2 50 day; 5 laborers,
ch-.ap fare, ?2 25; 10 Swedish or German wood-
choppers, big Job, $1 50 cord: 5 farmers; cook.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
A BUTLER, for small family In city, $40; must
have references from last place. MISS
PLUNTCETT, 425 Sutter St., near Powell.
CASH BOTS
CASH BOYS
CASH BOYS
WANTED MONDAY.
WANTED MONDAY.
WANTED MONDAY.
' Permanent places for good boys. Apply eu-
perintendenfe office, THE EMPORIUM.
MANAGER wanted in every large county for
renting our famous "Skllllard Game" to
public tlaces; strictly lawful everywhere;
replaces forbidden Blot machine*; can be
played with nickels or pennies; electric bell
rines each time it scores; sample game fur-
nished asrents free; the "•Skllllard Game"
never sold, always our property: agente
maice from $75 to $300 weekly: twenty thou-
sand rented first month; secure appointment
quick. Morgan Safe ' Co., Department 87,
Chicago. 111.
WANTED — The advertising business taught In
30 days. No previous experience necessary:
practical working knowledge guaranteed: ad-
vertising men earn from $25 to $100 and up
per week. I made $12,000 In thla .business
last year. I can start you right. Write for
particulars, GETJRGE n. CURRIER, 12 Lake-
clde Bldg., Chicago.
EARN better salary and position; study elec-
tricity, mechanical engineering, telegraphy,
by correspondence; thousands successful. T.
A. Edison indorses institute; book, "Can I
Become an Electrical Engineer?" free. Elec-
trical Engineer Institute. New York.
MAN. assist wholesale agent, article used by
nearly every one; draw $150 monthly; must
have $300 to $500; duties delivering and. tend-
ing ol!^e; experience not es-s ntlal, if willing
to learn. Commercial Exchange, 18 Mont-
gomery et., room 8. , .
FOR sale — $100 — Two-chair barber shop. Sacra-
mento; rent $12 50 month; income $25 per
week; transient trade mostly; 3 blocks from
depot; going to Mexico. W. E. MULLER,
?I J street. Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED — Competent salesmen to handle line
of advertising fans, calendars, novelties for
1304; good pay; reference* required: exclu-
sive territory. Press Novelty Co., Station
E. Buffalo. N. Y. ¦ -^
TRAVELING salesman for California: no tech-
nical knowledge, but active, all-round hus-
tler; established, well-rated house. F. It.
JENNINGS. Sales Mgr.. Detroit, Mich.
WANTED — 10 men In each State to travel,
tack signs, distribute circulars and samples
of our roods; salary $60 per month; $3 per
day expenses. KUHLMAN CO., dept. E 2,
Atlas block, Chicago.
__ _ _ __
Men to learn the barber trade In two months
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
Information mailed free. MOLER System
College, 635 Clay st.
CLOTHING salesman for Interior town: $75
and percentage on sales; carpet and wallpa-
per salesman, $20 a week and percentage on
Bales, for Interior towns. J. F. CROSETT Si
CO.. 62S Sacramento et. '
WANTED — Retail salesman, familiar with
general merchandise or crockery business;
steady position; give reference, experience-
and wages expected. Box 3012, Call offlce.
WE pay $3S a week and expenses to men with
rigs to Introduce poultry compound: year's
contract. Imperial Mfg. Co.. Dept. 54. Par-
sons, Kar.s.
WANTED — Competent bookkeeper, one ac-
quainted with installment business preferred;
must furnish reference and bond. Box 2785,
Call offlce.
WANTED — An experienced bookkeeper for
wholesale commission house: state wages,
age, last employment. Box 2735, Call offlce.
100 YOUNG men of 18 years, with good char-
acter, to orranlse military organization.
Call at 473 Valencia Et.. bet. C and 8 p. m.
WANTED — First-class specialty salesmen • to
handle line on commission. Barton-Parker
Mfg. Co.. Cedar Rapids. Iowa.
WANTED everywhere — Hustlers to tack signs,
distribute circulars, samples, etc.; no can-
vassing; good pay. Sun Adv. Bureau.Chicago.
BOY. 10 or 18, residing with parents, for whole-
sale house: Etate age and experience. Ad-
dress box 3011. Calt offlce.
FIRST-CLASS solicitor: must be of good ad-
dress: character essential; good pay. Address
box 2745. Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED silk and dress goods sales-
men. Apply to-day and Monday morning,
WEINSTOCK, LUBIN & CO., Grant ave.
PLATE printer; permanent position for first
class man. Apply SHREVE &. CO.. 612 Mar-
ket »t.
BOOKKEEPER and stenographer: state age
and references. Box 36S4. Call offlce.
WANTED — 50 reliable young Protestant, white
American men, J 8 to 21 years. Box 20U9, Call.
IMMEDIATELY; shirt polisher; good wages;
steady job. 328 Delmas ave., San Jose, Cal.
BOY to tend door at club: salary $25 per
month. Box 3004, Call office.
DETECTIVES — Everywhere; good salary; no
experience. Int'l. Detec. Agcy, Milwaukee.
WANTED— Good waiter. - 153 Third st.
BRIGHT, neat office boy wanted. ¦ Apply su-
perintendent's! office, the Emporium.
WANTED — Small boy with wheel; neat ap-
pearance. Room 61, Delger building, Oakland.
WANTED — Marker and distributer. Domestic
Laundry, 1445 Broadway, Oakland.
UNCLE SAM wants help; 14.000 appointment*
last year; free examination paper and cata-
log giving positions and salaries. Dept. Q,
Western Correspondence University, San
Francisco.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50, or
orthopedic ehoe.s. $3 f.0; best shoes on earth. 11
Third at , Kxam. bldg., & doors from Market.
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F.. PERSON,
477 and 478 Parrott building.
SALESMEN gents' fur., dry goods, shoe trade;
email ddr line of merit. Jeweletta ¦ Co.,
Atxvood bldg.. Chicago. ' '
3 GOOD canvassers to take orders; big money-
maker; patented article. Call 1 to 4 p. m.,
232 Stockton St., room 17.
FLATS TO LET.
ABOl'T to he completed. 6 elegant new flats,
£ '.* and 10 rooms and bath each; Broad-
way, near Pierce St.: splendid residence loca-
tion: unobstructed marine view; premises
oi>»n from 1-4 i> m. SHAIKWALD. BUCK-
Bgg & CO.. 218-22O Montgomery Bt.
AUTISTIC nrw sunny lower fiats; 2S72 and
2<7> Washington st., near Dovisadcro; 6
rooms and l>ath each; complete in every de-
tail : rent reasonable: e<»* them. SHAIN-
WAUl. BUCKBEE & CO.. 218-220 Mont-
gomery st.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
wrvlce absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
«i . on th« square.
ALL of the most desirable Cats and bouses art
h*ted in cur renting department; let us giv«
you a list and help you find one In the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 1033 Market «t.; services ab»o-
lutel> fr*».
FKAXKLIX. 1041 near Geary — Modern flat of
7 room* and ba;h: rent $45. VON RHEIN
U. I-:, (Xi., 513 California, et.
BACRAMEXTO 3740. near Pierce. Presidio
Heights— BmaU fiat. C rooms and bath, $35.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post et.
"ii i. t — &i7 Zu tw-r month; bc-autiful new up-
to-date flat: 1312 Hayes BC: O rooms and
»<ath. UIVEHS UKUS.. 20.". Montgomery st.
HOWARD. 2001—2 new rnrxiern flats. 6 rooms,
bath and storerooms, ?27 50.
LARGEST list of new flats and houses; call for
rrlntfd llyt. Lyon & Hoag. 116 Montgomery.
MIDDLE flat of 6 rooms. 1357 Stevenson
ft.: $ao month.
MODERN sunny middle flat. 5 rooms and bath.
IT.S Noe St.. near l.Mh st.; rent reasonable.
KEW sunny thingl* flats; 6 room*; tinted. Post
• st.. bet. Eroderick and Baker.
FUNNY flat. 4 rooms; rent $12. 1325 Pierce
¦ st. ; key on premises.
VALLEJO. 1610. West Van Ne«* ave. — Lower
flit, 0 rooms, bath; modern; $30.
1012ij MINNA, near Eleventh— Flat of 5 eun-
r.y rooms and bath; rent $17.
$25— 6-ROOM modern flat; marine view. See-
owner 1336 Union ct.
PACIAI. wt*««age.
A— WRINKLES removed: fine complexion guar-
Anteefl; new method; Kte. M. LUTON. mani-
curlng parlors. 764 Larkln tt.; phone Polk 17.
FEATHER nE.\O\VlTlXC.
OSTRICH feathers and boas remodeled, curled
*nd waterproofed; gives a luster equal to
new; can be worn a eeason without losing
curl. Potter Waterproofing Co.. 50 Geary st.
FINAXCIA.L.
INVESTMENTS.
W* hav* orders for and WILL BUT
Santa Ana Tin.
Zublate.
Jerome Canyon.
Fullertoa OIL
VTB WILL SELL
6000 Weft Lake Oil % .05
2000 Golconda .17
2U00 Potomac Oil 11
297 Zublate 3.50
450 Llghtner 4.25
ltK*t sit. Jefferson M
We advise the purchase of rood securities at
this time; prices are law and the inarket be-
coming more active.
We will buy or sell any active mining or
industrial etock.
WATT A COWPER-THWAITE.
Bankers and Broker*.
Stockton. Cal.
IMPORTANT oi&covery— Large bodies of gold ]
and ciij't*r ore long ago worked by aborlgi- |
use t»j to $200 gold per ton; working costs '
$1 55 to Jl 75; enormous water powers, coast, j
<*oal and excellent roads close by; suitable for ¦
larptf or sr::j>:i capital; good climate. Ad-
l! :->•:-;« 1!., 121 .Sansome st.. San Francisco.
COMPANIES Incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and Fl-
uar.cial Agent. •"*-'- Emma Spreckele bldg.
FIRMTIRE WANTED.
A — Higieat price paid for fur., carpets. etc. Mrs
T. LS. fc*-:by. E<ju:tab!e Fur. Co., bl2 Larkln.
HIGHEST prices for furr.lture and mdse. L. H.
WKD. auctioneer, lblSMkt.; tel. Howard 275«S.
A. WOLLI'ERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 44U2,
buy?, rents, repairs, jjecka furniture, carpets.
HfclLH WAXTED-FEJIALB.
C«K.»K. :: in family, city $t0 00
3 cook*, no was-n., tifrman style $'.i!> 00
Cook small coffee house $03 00
Mar. i»nd wife as cook ar.d butler, no
wjLyMcg. city $60 00
Houvework. 2 family, country, see lady
Office Monday. Io o'clock $40 00
S bi'Uf^work girls for country $30 00
4 f.vnd girls, city and Oakland. .$23 00-30 00
2 ' 1 .rrr.aids $30 00
M . r and daughter, cook anJ nurse,
*«r*- iady office Monday, 11 o'clock..
$25 00-10 00
Nurse girl. San !U?ael $25 00
5 wiiitrvj's*'?, restaurant $S 00 week
4 chair. tx-rmaids and waiting $20 50-22 50
Colored jrirl. housework $30 00
44 general housework girls, city and
country, with and without washing. .
$20 O0- 25 00 SO 00
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
? — STRONG young woman to clran and scrub
a store. J". ir. a day; references and expe-
rience requ:r<»d. Call at MISS PLUNK ETTTS.
*2S Sutter Bt.. ne&r Powell.
> — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdressing.
manicuring, etc.; trad» taught from A to Z
In 2 week*.; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
"sltlOM to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school in
West. 233 Geary St., room 13.
A — Glrl« to learn millinery now for epring aea-
•oa: both reasons taught frcm Ftart to finish
In 1 monti for $10; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per wk uj>;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton et., r. 13.
A— LADIES to learn all branches nairdresslng
trade; manicuring, tna.esa.ge, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket «t.. cor. Jone*. room 5*4; positions secured
at hlgheet wages; day and eve. class; call.
EHWTNG MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETF.RS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO/8
FACTORIES. C2H FREMONT ST. AND 1373
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH.
• INDUSTRIOUS business women capable of
handling mercantile proposition can secure
employment with the Royal Mercantile Co.;
*rente*l work; good compensation. Guite 19,
Columbian building. 916 Market et.
•WANTED — Lady offlce assistant. familiar
with figure*: one accustomed to billing pre-
Jerrfd; moderate salary; Rive reference and
experience and wages expected. Box 2798,
, . Call otflce.
A YOUNG nurse girl, $10-$12. Apply between
10 a m. and 3 p. m. 233 Third ave.. Rich-
mond District. Sutter Street car; carfare
paid.
•LADIKS to make pimple lace work home; un-
mceFsary to jiurchase outfit: good pay; send
for beautiful sample and instructions. Palma
¦ Mfg. Co., 126 Liberty t=t.. New York.
LADIES to do piecework home; we furnieh
materials and ray from $7 to $12 weekly.-
Send stamped envelope to Royal Co., 34 E.
' Monroe St.. Chicago.
I-'IKi?T-CI-ASS woman meat cook for restau-
rant dfins- big business; must be good car-
ver; grxxl wac-ee; no Sunday work. 473
Tenth Ft., Oakland.
LADIES, $S to $15 weekly, plain sewing home;
bo experience; material free. Address Weber
Manufacturing Co., 1135 Broadway, N«w
•_ ' York.
FIRST-CLASS manicurist and hairdresser;
must be experienced. Apply Superintendent's
office. The Emporium.
WANTED— Young girl, light work; references.
Call Sunday at 1C7 Hartford et., bet. 18th and
15>th. near Castro. _^
WANTED — A girl by a family of 2; no chil-
dren- no washing; a good home for the right
person. Apply bet. 9 and 4. 1794 Ellis et.
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced eale«-
ladiP« for waist and eklrt dep't. MARKS
BROS.. 1220 Market pt.
EXPERIENCED salesladies for notion depart-
ment. Apply J. M. LEVEE St CO., cor. Pow-
ejl and Geary «ts.
WANTED— Girls for machine work, drewmak-
ing and wrappers; good wage*; stoady work.
L. M AIER. 1.V17 Turk Bt.. near Steiner.
Ladies — :¦:<.. -t profitable steady home work;
St* to Jir, weekly: material free; no canvaas-
- ing. Addres* Burety O.. Chicago.
• WANTED — Girl to cook and do housework for
elderly lady. Apply 1C40 Vallejo St.. cor-
. ner Franklin.
A YOUNG, experienced girl for cooking and
Sonera! housework: must have references.
CaU in raorninr, f.24 Baker st. '
. WOMAN experienced~In teaching can eecure
lur-rative position In & business bouse. Box
CU1 offlce.
WAITED— A clrt to assist in housework; no
t «"aah i R g or Ironing. Call 2917 California st.
.Crv.l, ior housework and cooking: no children;
¦ J021 Washington St.
GI J^ Lp *anu-d to leam the glove trade. Globe
kl"ve Co., £2 First et.
¦^¦^lEpJCA^^ontlnneil.^-^
VALPEAU'S female, pills: best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 • by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price So. By express
only on receipt of price. . • OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new method: 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottingham, 204 Sutter st.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, ¦ female complaints; inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours, 10 to 5; 25 years' exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN, HIS Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. • ROSEN resides 2005 Folsom St., corner
26th; ladies, relief or no fee; 910.
MRS. H. EVANS will give magnetic treat-
menU again. 157 Ninth st.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment; 1126 Market st.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 319 Powell St., opposite
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
AXD SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith ' Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals ?2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. '& M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAN'D typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co., 508 Market.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— CALIFORNIA SAFE
DEPOSIT AND TRUST COMPANY, corner
California and Montgomery sts.. For tha
six months ending December 31, 1903, divi-
dends, bave been declared on deposits in the
eavings department of this company, as fol-
lows: On term deposits at the rate of
3 €-10 per cent per annum, and on ordinary
deposits at the rate of 3 per cent per" an-
um, free of taxes, and payable on and after
Saturday, January 2, 1904. Dividends un-
. called for are added to the* principal after
January 1. 1904. J. DALZELL BROWN.
Manager.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society, Cth floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building, 708 Market st., • opposite Third—
For the half-year ending 31gt of December.
1903. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY, January 2, 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD, Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con,: A dividend, No. 61, of fifty
cents ' (50c) per share on the issued capital
stock of the company has been declared, pay-
able at the ofnee of the company, rooms 202,
204 and 2O6 Hayward building, San Fran-
clsco. on' January 11, 1904; transfer books
close Jan. 4, at noon. C, C. QUINN, Sec.
OFFICE of the Hlbernia Savings and Loan
Society, corner Market, McAllister and Jones
sts. — San Francisco, December 28, 1003. — At
a regular meeting of the board of directors
of this society, held this day, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and one-
- fourth (3V») oer cent per annum on ail de-
posits for the six months ending December
31, 1903, free from all taxes and payable on
and after January 2, 1904.
. . ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society. 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
. building. 708 Market St.. opposite. Third—
For the half-year ending 31st of December,
1903. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice — Savfngs and Loan Society,
101 Montgomery st.. corner Sutter. has de-
clared a dividend for the term ending Decem-
ber 31, 1903, at tha rate of three and one-
quarter (3H) per cent per annum on all de-
posits, free of taxes, and payable on and af-
ter January 2, 1904.
¦ - (Signed) CYRU3 W. CARMANY, Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice — The German Savings and
Loan Society, 626 California st. — For tho half i
year ending with December 31, 1903, a dlvl- I
dend has been declared at the rate of three !
and one-quarter (3%) per cent per annum on
all deposits, free of taxes, payable on and at- !
ter Saturday, January 2. 1904. . -
GEORGE TOURNY. Secretary.
A DIVIDEND In liquidation of 8 per cent on
all depcalts has been declared by the Cali-
fornia Savings and Loan Society, payable
on and after Saturday, Jan. 2. 1904, at the
office of the society. Mills building, second
floor, room 2S, San Francisco. Cal. CHAS.
D. FARQUHARSON, Secretary.
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK— For the half year
ending December 31, 1903, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and one-
eighth (3H) Per cent per annum on deposits,
payable on or after Saturday, January 2,
1904. LEON BOCQUERAZ. Secretary.
- - LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY
FIRST REFUNDING- MORTGAGE BONDS —
Notice Is hereby given that, pursuant to tha
provision of article eight of the mortgage
from this company to the Central Trust Com-
pany of New York, trustee, dated August 1,
lf>99, this company has set apart- out of Cie
nfet income derived by it from the lines of
railroad therein mortgaged the sum of twen-
ty-flve thousand dollars In trust to be used
to redeem said bonds, and that bonds issued
under said mortgage will be redeemed there-
with and bids are hereby invited for the sur-
render -of such bonds at prices to be named by
the bidders, to the amount requisite to ex-
haust said sum. Such bids sluaiM be pre-
sented to this company at its office, 120
Broadway, in the city of New York, on or
before the 1st day of February, 1904. at 12
o'clock noon, and should be Indorsed "Bids
for Surrender ot Central Pacific Railway
Company First Refunding Bonds."-
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY,
By E. H. HARRIMAN, President
New York. January 2. 1004.
STUTTERING ¦ AND_ STAMMERIXO.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market — Cure
In every case: individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures; hotne cure.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Manoel de Souza, 48, Point Reyes, and Anna
da Conseicao, 45, Point Reyes. - -
Matlja Troje, 30, 31 Zoe street, and Mary
Bterk, 30. 31 Zoe street.
Anton PaMch. 27. 149 Tchama street, and
Margareta Sever, 19, 149 Tehama street.
Rudy Smith, 25. 2110 Mason street; and
Louisa Schultze, 25, 2110 Mason street.
George B. Faunce, .25, 816 Sansome street,
and Florence Callahan, 18, city.
Harry F. Ruthrauff, 21. 933 Valencia street,
and Louise A. Hickcy, 18, 10 Elizabeth street.
Peter Nelson, 36. 620 Washington street,
and Hildur Ekstrom, 31, 620 Washington st.
Max Winter, 27, Oakland, and Emma Egger.
30, Oakland. ¦
John H. Plnckney, 45, Modesto, and Jane
Geer, 41', Modesto. . • .
Martin J. Homburg, 30. 3030 Pierce street,
and Marcia I. Burson, 27, 013 Hyde street.
John F. Farrance, 25, 4339 Twenty-third
Ktreet, and Florence M. Blair, 19, Mendoclno
City.
Fred H. Steuck, 37, 431 Pine street, and
Anna Landolt, 21, 211 Shotwell street.
Thomas I. Cooney, 28, 25 Klssllng street,
and Emma Scott. .26, 1324 Minna street.
William T. Ryan, 23,- 1723 Mission street,
and Lenora Miller, 21, 1113 Broadway.
William J. Plump, 39, Redwood City, and
Dagmar C. Hyndlng. 22. Redwood City.
John A. Stormer, 32, 1100 Van Ness avenue,
and Oline Pedersen, 22, 1100 Van Ness avenue.
Ernest C. Hunton, 23, city, and S. Joseph-
ine Qalrns. 19, Coif ax, Wash. ! '
Dennis Searles, 30. Cosmos Club, and Caro-
line S. Ayers, 27, ,Menlo Park.
R. Delos Noble, 2«, Sausalito, and Tillie M.
Cothrane, 21. Sausalito. !
Joseph Smith, 35; 1128B Howard street, and
Frances I. Freeman, 81. 1128B Howard street.
James Donohue, 34, 529 Second street, and
Cecelia Golden, 23, 4390 Seventeenth street.
Alfred C. Brown, 24. Fort Bragg, and Delia
E. Carlson. 22. Fort Bragg.
Thomas B. Hill, 46, city, and Catherine A.
Riley. 38. city.
Herman M. Leland, 29, C26 California street,
and Eva M. McClellan. 25. <%o California st.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by (
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the . publication offices and be
- Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sona authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in 'this column
free of charge.
BORN.
CONE— In this city, December 27, 1903, to
thB wife of James E. Cone, a daughter.
FELL-^-In this city, to the "wife of Val J.
, Fell, a daughter.
KLOPF— In this city, December 24. 1903. to
the wife of E. L. Klopf, a son.
McGINN— In this city, December 28, 1003. to
the wlfa of Joseph McGinn, a daughter.
PRICE— In . this city, December 30, . 1003, to
the wif o of W. E, Price, a son.
WESTLAND— In this city, December 28, 1903,
to the wife of John Westland, a son.
"~~~~~ MARRIED. •
, FRAZIER— LINDSLEY— In . this city. Decem-
' ber 23, 1903, by the Rev. H. H. Bell, Leroy
. D. Frazier and Jennie Maud . Lindsley, both
of San Francisco, r -.;.*,> . • • :
HILL — CAMPBELL — In this city, December
26. 1903. by . the . Rev. H. H. Bell, James
" Hill and Lillian Blanche Campbell, both of
I San Francisco.
I JOHNSON— ALMON — In thta city, January .1,
I 1904, b7 the Rev. Dr. John A; B. Wilson.
pastor ot Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church,
Robert William Johnson of Los Angeles and
Matilda Almon of San .-Francisco.
KELLEY— HAllSAM— In this city. December
28. 1903, by the Rev. H. H. Bell, Harry L.
Kelley of Portland. Or., and Hattie Halsam
of Oakland, Cal.
KKSTLER— BOSTROM— In this city. Decem-
ber 2, 1903, by the Rev. H. H. Bell, Fred
Kestler end Fannie . Bostrom. both of San
Francisco.
MacLEOD— PETERSEN— In this city. Janu-
ary 1. 1904, bv the Rev.' Dr. John A. B.
Wilson, pastor of Trinity Methodist Episco-
pal Church. James V. MacLeod and Alma
May Petersen, both of San Francisco.
REID— CAMPBELL— In this city,- December
81, 1003, by the Rev. H. H. Bell, James A.
Reid and Sibyl Campbell, both of San Fran-
cisco.
THOMPSON— SMITH — In this city. December
31, 1903. by the Rev. H. H. Bell, Robert
J. Thompson and Alice Gibbons Smith, both
of San Francisco
WHEHR— MOORE— In thla city, December 17.
1003, by the Rev. H. H. Bell. Charles J.
Whehr Jr. and Evelyn Moore, both of San
Francisco. . :
DIED.
Alexander. Mrs. R. Hoffman. Jamea
Barkhaus. Frederick Kelly. James
Berry, Grace 'I; Liljenbergr. Ltllla K.
Blake. Julia A. Lowry. Robert
Bloxham. Charles McCrudden. Jas. P.
Brunner. R. B. Mann. Mary A.
Cameron. William P. Mather. Maud J.
Carlson. Pattle Morgan. Robert A.
Dooley. John T. Patterson. Frank W.
Dooley. Mrs. Clara Perry, Charles O.
Eustace, Tina . Peterson. Mary
Fahey. Annie ' Rebstock. William
Flanagan, John J. Rledel, George
Frohman. Baabara Sheehan, Andrew
Gallagher. Sarah J. Smart. Robert
Gerst. Garrison Studley, Rev. Geo.
Goldstone, Percy Thaler. Olivia F.
Haller. Albert . Tracy. John J,
Herman. Harry ¦ Waetge. Johann C.
ALEXANDER-^In Los Anseles, January 2.
1904. Mrs. Reka Alexander, beloved wlfa of
the late' Ell Alexander, mother of Mrs. Eva
Anderson, Mrs. H. Elkelus and Phillip Alex-
ander, and beloved eister of Solomon Meyer
and Mrs. H. Herman of San Francisco, a
native cf Germany.
BARKHAUS — In this city, January 1. 19O4,
Frederick William, beloved husband of Lou-
ise J. Barkbaus, and father of Fred W.,
Louise J., Julia L., Carl G. and 'Catherine
M. Barkhaue, a native of Liebenau, Hano-
ver, Germany, aged 07 years 1 month and 11
days. ¦
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), it 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1812 Buchanan street, between Sutter
and Bush. Cremation Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
BKRRY— In this city, January 1, 1904, Grace
Isabel, beloved daughter of Harriet J. and
the late Thomas Bern', and sister of Gorden
and Lila Berry, a native of San Francisco.
(C?"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. January 3. 1904. at 1:30 o'clock, at
the residence of her mother, 3126 Twenty-
second street. Interment Cypress Lawn
" Cemetery, by electric funeral car from cor-
ner Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 2:30
o'clock.
BLAKE — In this city, January 1, 1004, Julia
Ann Blake, beloved wife of the late Thomas
B. Blake (former cwner of the Globe Iron
WorkB of Stockton), and beloved mother of
Mrs. W. W. Glanville and William H. and
Charles T. Blake, a native of Charleston,
, South Carolina, aged 55 years 3 months and
28 days. A member of Redwood Circle No.
72,' W. of W., and Amity Rebekah Lodge
No. 161. I. O. O. F. (Stockton, Cal., papers
please copy.)
C?"Frlends and acquaintances are reepect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. .January 5. 1904. at 6:30 o'clock i
p. m., at the parlors of Gantner Bros.. 12C0
Mission etreet, between Eighth and Ninth,
. under the auspices of Redwood Circle No.
72, W. of W. Interment Sacramento.
BLOXHAM— In this city, December 30, 1903,
Charles Bloxham, a native of Banbury. Eng-
land, aged 55 years. A member of Pick-
wick Lodge No. 259, O. S. St. George.
{ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, January 3, 1904, at 1 o'clock, at
Red Men's Hall. 820 Post etreet, under the
auspices of Pickwick Lodge No. 259, O. S.
St. George. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
; ' tery.
i MEMBERS of the Millmen's Union No. 423
i are requested to attend the funeral of our
late brother, Charles - Bloxham, from Red
Men's Hall, 320 Post street, at 1 o'clock
Sunday, January 3. 1904. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. Remains in etate at the
California Undertaking Company's parlors,
405 . Powell street.
H. J. SCHOBER. President.
E. J. DALEY. Secretary.
BRUNNER— In Haywards, January 1, 1901,
R. B. Brunnpr, beloved father of Cary
Brunner. a native of Petaluma, aged 39
years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
January 4, at Uklab.
CAMERON — In Oakland. December 31. 1903.
William P. Cameron, beloved husband of
Abigail Cameron, and father of Ruth, Lena,
William. Homer and Dr. II. Cameron and
Mrs. Thomas Ambrose of 'Oakland and Mrs.
F. .W. Hill and Mrs. C. M. Laws of Texas,
a native of Nova Scotia, aged CO years.
icy Friends and acquaintances are reapect-
! fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. January 3, 1904. at 2 o'clock, at
the Brooklyn Presbyterian Church, corner
of Fifteenth street and Twelfth avenue. East
Oakland. Cremation Oakland.
CARLSON— In this city, December 31, 1903,
'¦ I'attte Carlson, beloved wife of the late
i August Carlson, and devoted mother of Mrs.
I • W, E. Henery, William Beaumont and Gar-
net Brown, aged 49 years 9 months and 23
days.
- (ETFriendS 1 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late \
residence, 1215 Eleventh avenue, between I
and H streets. Sunset District. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. ;
DOOLEY— In this city, December 31. 1903,
John Thomas Dooley. beloved husband of
Katie Dooley, son cf Jane F. Dooley and
the late James J. Dooley, and brother of
•Mra. McGoldrlck, Mrs. K. Kelley, Mrs. Jo-
seph Hayden and Mrs. Malaney, a native
of San Francisco, aged 34 years 9 months
and 5 days.
IE7"Friend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
January 3, l!>04, at 12 o'clock, from Charles
J. B: Metzler's undertaking parlors, 636
Washington street. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery, by 1:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
DOOLEY— In Salt Lake City, January 1. 1901,
?Irs. Clara Z. Dooley, wife of the late N. P.
Dooley, aged 34 years and 5 months.
EUSTACE— In this city, January 1, 1904, Tina,
Eustace, a native of Austria, aged 33 years.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the un-
dertaking parlors of Theodor Dierks, 957
Mission street, between Fifth and Sixth. In-
terment New Salem Cemetery.
FAHCY — In this city. January 1. 1904, Annie,
beloved wife of Michael Fahey, beloved
mother of Mrs. George Debus, Mrs. F. Mack,
Mrs. . W. Buchanan, Mrs. T. Ahearn and
John, James and Teresa Fahey. and sister
of Catberlno Rosenbaum, aged 76 years and
0 days.
(n7*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 -o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 423 Waller street, near Stelner,
thence to Sacred Heart Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commenclnE at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FLANAGAN— In this city. January 1. 1904,
John J.. Flanagan, a native of New York,
aged 33 years.
FROHMAN— In this city, January 1, 1904,
Barbara, beloved wife of Susman Frohman,
and mother of Ferdinand, Emanuel and
1 Isaac Frohman and Mrs. Moses Stern, a na-
¦ tlve of Germany, aged 61 years 3 months
and 13 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday). »t 1:30 o'clock, from 409 Clayton
street. . Interment Eternal Home Cemetery >
by 3:30' o'clock train from Third and Town-'
send streets.
GALLAGHER — In this city, January 1. 1904,
f Sarah J.' Gallagher, beloved mother of Wil-
liam Gallagher. Mrs. Jennie Brunswick, Mrs.
Chris Reese and the late George . W. Gal-
lagher, a native of Bangor, Me., aged 67
' years and 9. months. ¦ " t
C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-moirow
(Monday), at 0:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 29 -Van ''Ness avenue,
thence to Sacred Heart Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 10:15
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GERST— In this city. December 31, 1903. Gar-
rison, beloved husband of Addle A. \ Gerst,
and beloved father of Mrs. Ignatz Lowen-
gart. Mrs. Samuel N. Naphtaly 'and Edgar
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
-- (Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS ANDEMBALMER3.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
— Funeral Directors and Embalmers
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple,
Now at 86(1 MISSION. Tel. South 167, ,
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments ' at Moderate Rates.
I James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
JAMES McGINN & CO.,
I Formerly With .McGinn Bros.,
Funeral Directors and Enibalmers
214 Eddyst.: Tel. South 576.
F. ;J. MONAHAN/ Manager. Tel. Mission 31.
M0NAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-2341 Mission st.. near Nineteenth.
.- San Francisco- ;.-- /. v
A. Gerst. a native of Bavaria, aged 6o years.
(Liver more papers please copy.)
ETTrlends and acquaintances are re»p?ct-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday) at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
: of -the California Hotel. Interment Home of '
• -¦Peace. Cemetery- by special train leaving
Third and Townsend streets at 2:40 o'clock. ;
GOLDSTONE— In this city. January 2. 1004. '
Percy, beloved husband of Marie Goldatone, ,
beloved son of Samuel and Sarah J. Gold-
stone and beloved brother of Louis and
Edwin M Goldstone. a native of San Fran- ;
. Cisco, aged 33 years and 7 months. (New '
York papers please copy.)
KCTKnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday) at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents- 2207 Fulton street, between ;
¦ Shrader and Stanyan. Interment Hills of '
Eternity Cemetery.
HAILER — In this city. January 1, 1904. Al-
bert, beloved husband of Agnea Burke Haller. ;
father of Walter Hailer. son of Margaret
and the late Christian Haller, and brother
of Henry Haller, Mrs^ Schofleld, Mrs. Bree
and tho late Mrs. Minnie McCarty. a native
of San Francisco, aged 34 years.
£7 The funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 603 Buchanan street, thence to
Sacred Heart Church for services, commenc-
ing at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery-
HERMAN— In this city, December 30. 1003.
Harry Herman, a native of Germany, aged
29 years 5 months and 22 daya. A member
of Millmen's Union No. 423: Choppers'
Friendship Club No. 1. and Golden Gate
Camp No. 64. W. O. W.
(nTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
January 3, 1904. at 10 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Carew & English, 29 Van Ness ave-
nue. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MEMBERS of the Millmen's Union No. 423,
U. B. of C. and J. of A., are respectfully
requested to attend t*"e funeral of our late
brother, Harry Herman, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 29 Van Ness avenue, Sun-
day, January 3. 11)04, at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. \
H. J. SCHOBER, President.
! E. J. DALEY, Secretary.
HOFFMAN— In this city, January 1. 1904,
James Hoffman, aged 40 years.
inyThe runeral will take place to-day
(Sunday) at 3 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of the H. F. Maass Company. 917 Mls-
eion street. Interment at Salem. N. J.
THE officers and members of Branch 22. G.
B. B. A., of the United States and Canada,
are hereby requested to attend the funeral '
of our- deceased brother, James Hoffman, to- |
day fSunday). at 3 o'clock, from the f-jneral f
parlors of the H. F. Maass Company. 017 [
Mission street. By order of the president. |
KELLY — In this city. January 1. 1904. James j
Kelly, a native of Ireland, aged 4S years.
LILJENBERG— In this city. January 2. 1004,
Llllle Kreckman. beloved wife of Frank O. j
Llljenberg. and sister of Mrs. Edward W.
Kern, a native of Rochester. N. Y., aged |
37 years 11 months and 4 days. (Rochester
papers please copy.)
(EyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, January 5, 1904. at 1 :30 o'clock,
at her late residence, C64 Hampshire street,
between Eighteenth and Nineteenth. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car-
riage. •
LOWRY— In this city. January 1. 1004. Rob-
ert Lowry. a native of Mississippi, aged 40
years.
£7Funeral services to-morrow (Monday).
¦ at St. Mary's Church (Paullst). where mass
will be offered for the repose of her soul.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McCRUDDEN— In Philadelphia. December 20.
ll>03, Jamea P. McCrudden; aged 27 years.
MANN— In San Quentin. January 2, 1904.
Mary A. Mann, beloved wife of the lat«
John Mann and mother of Agnes, Louise,
Eleanor and Emmet Mann. Mrs. Drury i
Reynolds. Mrs. M. P. Connolly and Airs.
Maude Slmard.
IE7Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral Monday. December 4. 11)04,
from her late residence, at 9;30 o'clock.
thane* to St Raphael's Church at 10:30
o'clock. \ - ¦ :
MATHEH — In this city. January 2. 1904. Maud j
J.. relict of William Mather, daughter of
T. H. Organ, and sister of Mrs. . Daisy E. j
Moore. Mrs. Edele West and Will C. Or- I
gan. a native of Illinois, aged 3S years. !
(CTFuneral services to-morrow (Monday), i
at 9:45 o'clock, at the residence of her sis-
ter. Mrs. Daisy E. Moore. 425 Buchanan
street. Interment private.
MORGAN— In Berkeley, January 2. 1904. at
the residence of his parents. 2330 College
avenue. Robert Archibald, beloved son of
George W. and Mary A. Morgan, of Morgan
Bros., 220 Montgomery avenue, San Fran-
cisco, a native of San Francisco, aged 11
years 3 months and 10 days.
[DTnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this (Sunday) afternoon. January 3.- 1904. at
2 o'clock, at the residence of his parents, ;
2330 College avenue, corner of Durant ave-
nue, Berkeley. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
PATTERSON — In this city. December 31. 1903,
Frank W.. beloved husband of May Patter-
son, a native of Maine, aged 47 years tt
months and 14 days.
IE7"Friend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
January 3, 1904. at 1 o'clock, from Mission
Masonic Temple, under the auspices of King
Solomon's Lodge No. 2C0, F. and A. M. In-
terment Cyvress Lawn Cemetery, by electric
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
Remains at the parlors of Halsted St Co.,
946 Mission street. . .
PERRY— In this city, January 2. 1904. Charles
O. Perry, a native of Greencastle, Ind.,
aged 57 years.
CTNotice of funeral later.
PETERSON— In this city. December 31, 1903,
Mary, beloved wife of the late John Peter-
son, mother of Helen and Carl Cacar Peter-
son and th; late Emll Peterson, and daugh-
ter of P. G. and Catherine Ostman, a native
¦ of Sweden, aged 48 years 3 months and 23
days.
07Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1129 Lasuna street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by train leaving Third
and Townsend streets at 11:30 o'clock.
REBSTOCK— In this city. January 2. 1904.
William, dearly beloved son of Anna M. and
the late Adoloh Rebstock, and devoted
brother of Joseph, Frank, Lena, Katie, Ber-
i tha and Alice Rebstock. a native of San
Francisco, aged IS years 3 months and 2
days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are reepect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
> tMonday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother, 1814 Central avenue, between
i Pine California streets. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
. RIEDEL— In thla city. December 14, 1903.
George, dearly beloved son of Conrad and
Annie Rledel, and devoted brother of Annie,
William and Herman Riedel, a native of
Elko, Nevada County, Cal., aged 24 years 10
months and 20 days. A member of the
Longshoremen's Local Union No. 224, I. L.
M. T. A.
C7"Friend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his parents'
residence, 46S Noe street, between Seven-
teenth and Eighteenth.
, SHEEHAN— In this city. January 2. 1904. An-
1 drew Sheehan. a native of County Carlow,
Ireland, aged 63 years. A member of Dlvls-
l ion No. 2. A. O. H. : K. R. B.. and Labor-
¦ ers' Protective Union No. 8944.
(C7 1 Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
' at the parlors of the Pacific Undertakers,
777 Mission street.
, SMART— In this city. January 2, 1004, Rob-
ert, dearly beloved husband of Tamar Smart,
and loving father of Mildred T. Smart, a
• native of WeLsdale. Shetland Islands, aged
36 years 10 months and 14 days.
[C7Remains at the funeral parlors of
Craig, Cochran & Co., 429 Golden Gate ave-
nue, between Polk and Larkln streets.
STUDLEY— In Chicago, December 30. 1803.
Rev. George Howard Studley. dearly be-
i loved husband of Alta C. Studley. father of
George M.. Alta C. and Hillman Q. Stud-
, ley, son of George W. and Abbie A. Studley,
and brother of Ruby W. Studley. a native of
California, aged 29 years 10 months and 6
. days,
i ' E7Notice of funeral hereafter.
THALER— In this city. January 2. 1904.
• ' Olivia Fannie, beloved wife of Gustav Tha-
ler of Oakland, daughter of George and
Olivia Stewart, and sister of Edward,
George. Charles, Thomas and Belle Stew-
art, a native of New York.
. (C7Funeral services at 2 o'clock to-mor-
row (Monday), at the residence of her
mother. 4078 Eighteenth street.
TRACY — A month's mind requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of the soul of
i the late John Jospnh Tracy at St. Charles
Church, corner Eighteenth and Shotwell
i streets, on Monday, January 4, at 0 o'clock.
Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
> requested to attend.
WAETGE — In Bremen, Germany. December
15. 1903. Johann Conrad Waetge. beloved
father of Mn. Elizabeth Schultz and Anna
Waetge, In his 79th year.
, . CARD OF THANKS.
We desire to thank the members of Ori-
ental Rebekah Lodge No. 00. I. O. O. F..
and our many friends for their kind sym-
pathy during our late bereavement.
LUTHER L. EWING.
MRS. CHARLES R. PETERS,
ABBIE A. EWING.
I "Tour life preserver may be all
• right," said the buyer for the steamship
company, "but It's so flimsy. I dbn't
see how It can support any one."
- "Well," replied the manufacturer, "It
has suDDorted me and my family for
the past year."— Philadelphia Ledger.• TOPEICA. Kans.. Jan. 2.— Governor Bailey
to-day appointed W. D. Atkinson of Parsons
a Judge of the State Supreme Court, to suc
ceed J. • C. Pollock, whom President Roosevelt
reoently. appointed District Judge.-
BERL.IN. Jan. 2. — The exports from Ger
many to the United States during 1003 did not
fall far short of $130,000,000. or from $14,000.-
OOO to . 518,000,000 more than ln 1902, which
was the previous • record year. "
HANFORD, Jan. 2.— Frank Ritchie;
who escaped from the Whittier Re
form School with John Schofleld and
Cornelius Crowley, and is supposed to
have been implicated'- in' the'' murder -of
Ansel Lewis at Riverside, on Thanks
giving: day, was arrested here to-day
by Deputy Sheriff Ayers.
It has been .known 'for some time
that Ritchie i was at the home of his
parents near Grangeville',. where he has
been for about a month, but as he was
behaving himself and. there was no ur
gent demand. for his return to Whit
tier, he was not molested. When, how-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 2.— Excitement
prevails at Kerns and Woodland, towns
on the Columbia River, over the belief
that an unknown woman, aged about
22 years, was buried alive, at Kerns,
yesterday.'. The woman .waa supposed
.toe have died - Thursday ", nighti at 10
o'clock .; and was ' quickly placed in a
grave. ¦';/ ¦ -, " : •. . ¦ •.': ' -¦.'.'- ", '"¦¦¦'-¦
i Soon > afterward It was" reported that
there was reason for believing that the
supposed dead woman was in a trance
or fit.' instead of being- actually dead.
Excitement ran so high that it. was de
cided to exhume the body, and -make
Special Dispatch to The Call
the training ship Intrepid was formally
laid to-day fn the presence of a large
concourse of officers, invited friends
.and workmen. Admiral McCalla acted
as holder-on in the driving of the first
rivet, while Mayor Lynch and. Frank
K. Devlin, president of the Chamber
of Commerce, acted as riveting gang.
The formal exercises were of an Im-
Xjressive nature, Grouped upon the
•platform with Admiral McCalla were
the "riveting gang," Chaplain' McAlis
{ter. Chief Constructor Zahm, Captain
TiUej'. Captain Dixon, Captain - Moore,
MARE ISLAND. Jan. 2.— The keel of
WASHINGTON. Jan. 2.— The month
ly circulation statement issued by the
Comptroller of the Currency shows that
at the close of business December 31.
1903, the total 1 circulation of national
bank notes was J425.163.018, aii increase
for. the year of $40,233,234. and an in
crease for the. month of $4,056,039. The
amount of circulation based .on United
State3 bonds was J3S7.273.623,' an In
crease for the year of $45,145,779 "and an
increase for the month of J4.255.139.
Big Increase in Circulation.
Boy Who Escaped From the
Whittier Reform School Sus
pected of Part in Murder
Residents in Towns on the
Columbia Excited Over Re
ported Burial of Live Persons
Interesting Ceremony Held in
Honor of the Training
Ship Intrepid at 3Iare Island
KEEL IS LAID
AT NAVY YARD
DECLARE WOMAN
WAS NOT DEAD
YOUTH FACES
GRAVE CHARGE
ever, it was learned to-day that he v/as
accused of being one of the murderers
of j Lewis, the officers immediately
placed him under arrest and he is now
in the County Jail. When -accused by
the officer 'he made no objection to be
ing taken. In fact, he expressed a
willingness to go to Whlttier and make
denial of the charge against him. •?
Frank Ritchie is the son of a well-to
do farmer.; He became incorrigible
and was sent to Whittier In the latter
part of September, 18&9. He escaped
twice and in 1902 -was out on a parole,
but, violated it. He is 19 years old. /He
will be taken to Whlttier Monday.
Chief Carpenter Tolse and several other
officials. In a semicircle about the ways
probably 1000 persons congregated.
- At 12 o'clock the Mare Island station
band" opened the exercises with music,
after which Chaplain McAlister deliv
ered prayer and AdmiraKMcCalla made
a brief address, expressing a hope that
the laying of the Intrepid's keel would
open a new era in the history of the
Mare Island yard. At a signal from
the admiral the "riveting gang" pro
ceeded to the work assigned it, after
which Mayor Lynch and President
Devlin were given their "discharge
cards" from Uncle Sam's service.
The Intrepid is being built under an
act of Congress authorizing - the con
struction of two steel ships to be used
In training landsmen and apprentices.
Its cost will not exceed $370,000. The
Intrepid will- be propelled by sail only
and will be bark rigged. Her length
on load water line will be 176 feet 5
inches; breadth 45 feet 7 inches; dis
placement 1S0O tons. The hull will be of
steel throughout and the armament will
consist of six 4-inch 40-caliber rapid
fire guns, four 6-pounder and two 1
poi\nder rapid-fire guns.
medical examination.
County Physfcian Darnell and Sheriff
Huntington were called from Kalama
to hold a post mortem examination.
These officials reported that as far as
they could determine i death resulted
from natural causes. In spite of this
announcement the belief prevails at
Woodland that the woman was unduly
hurried Into her grave. The body has
been embalmed and on Monday will be
the subject of further investigation.
Cut In Wases Causes a Strike.
HUNTINGTON, W. Va.. Jan. 2.—
One thousand employes of the Ameri
can Car and Foundry Company struck
to-day against a 10 per cent reduction
In wages. \
Calif orninns In Xew | Yorfc.
NEW YORK, Jan. 12.— The fpllowinc
Calif ornians are here: From San Fran
cisco—I* Antes, at the Gllsey; G. G
Dreyfus, at. the Herald Square; R.' GU
nllan. at the Continental; J. Joseph, at
the Herald Square: R. Levy, at the
Maryborough; F. M. Seeley, at the
Gllsey; C. A. Schonten, at the Bar
tholdi; Mrs. C. Walker, at the Park
Avenue; T. C. "Walker, at the Park
Avenue; L. A. de Cato, E. H. Hamil
ton, C. A. Vail and A. T. Whltehead
at the Hoffman.
From Los> Angeles— M. N. Flint at
the Herald Square; Dr. D. J. Frlck at
the St. Denis; H. Weaver at the Bel
vedere.
W. S. Leake of San Francisco was
registered at the Holland House. He
will remain East several weeks.
J. C. Campbell, the San Francisco
lawyer, is at the Waldorf-Astbria. He
will remain East possibly for several
weeks, dividing .his time between this
city and Washington, where he has le
gal business before the United States
court.
Frank Moffatt of Oakland Is also at
the Waldorf-Astoria. fc
HELENA. Mont.. Jan. 2.— TUreo informa
tions w*re filed In the restrict Court tOxfcaV
against Isaac GraveUc, who was found jruHtv
-a few days ago of «en<Uns threateala* l*u— a
, to tie NortUern Pacific Coasaajfc
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY,; JANUARY 3, 1904.
44
BY MRS. C. N. WILLIAMSON.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
THE FREAK AMERICAN
GIRL IN ENGLAND
SEE THE PICTURES
TTrMr.rVa. | TTATiE'SL [^ BALE'S^ I SALE'S. | SAFE'S. ; . „ J' TTAT.-R'S. J^ HATlTi '% ._,_.,—
ifedib £0$£r ere re ome 0^*^ e Cards We'll Play This Week— a Winning Set > Mz%£k
i H. ri^ iictcniiusiiriS" — tivcrit ox xlic YG&r « iu f^^i i\
\ M^^Jf^?] First of the Great January Trade Sales (31 Others). Hale Retailing Manifest *y[ 1 i%lh
\\}k £a;\ >v JL *J The new year with new goods under the market price. TItat's the Hale our twelve hands (six stores), while other folks." with their two hands (single stores) SK &$>
\\x\ /ffHiVT ; T*'T. J *A?^: — t#.^ » x r have no hint of stocks to be unloaded. If Tom. Dick and Harry did get wind of them" \^^if^O» 5^m\//#A
V/E ANS'^X^^cOhT'ffll slogan for January. ; the market would Lc affected. •• \ ¦ , JLL^kWA If M 'Mvf\
v y/«'!\k tH • •NjN^' Yes, we have broken lines here and there to close out. same as we have in De- Then, too, when we strike out to turn our otherwise quiet month intoa busy one *'€3§$P«rSV^ '/ /fiilf A\A
KS/yil HVV* v\^si' ; v^^^W^^^^f cem^ cr or February or any time in the year. We close them out as soon as thev the manufacturers help us. They see their own bread and butter ahead in it. Creating
t -I'M bb#V V^^^^^. S/j&iv arc broken (when folks want them). That keeps our stocks clean and healthy and a demand creates business. See what a busy January Halc'3 will have. Muslin under- i^^^«^^^^^^S<^^^^^^^^v.
'/fr^&^fw^ ' i£&? -l^§F l cavcs our hands free to help manufacturers. We have a chance to help them with clothes first on orocramrne. . ¦
,^^^^W We Never Had Such Important Values===or so Many of. Them
¦JrrSlVr7nr^^^^^^v^^<^^^^ T ' 1C offerinc last Tanuary was the "best we had ever made" we said then. It only And drawers at 18c, chemises at 25c. 29c and a few beautiful lacy yoked ones at
fQ\i * \ 1*5-?^ ¦W"/ /^^^^y^ P avcd thc wav for this P rcatcr one this January. : .- 39c"; worth 75c. ,
\'te%r&7&&ip e have been particular with thc garments. Not one of them is skimped, poorly ¦ - r-. ,-> 1 'f> ' ±. /^ j r\ '^^^^^^^^^^^i^^^^^^^
%&§&&mBr* zXrsrSZS^^^^^ZStii^^ ' Even Cambric Corset Covers at 8c. '^^^^^S
'^^^^^^o^^^^ Think of gowns at i-gc with tucked yokes and ruffle trimming. Then at 37c, 47c Regular price i2^c. Either tight-fitting or 1-rcnch style. Then the white skirts— 7
_^^ and on up. j . . ¦ every item there is important. . . v^
:. The Gowns ff^^m ' Dr T/2,f r8c ¦J&JSHftf* WS^Sl White **?**. ; Mo " "T" " Ml
29c— Regular price, 50c; a prettier 7Sc— Very fine cambric m chemise Only room here for six items. (Regular price 35c.) the others ) (Skip dozvn the list and see.)
¦ • havc n had d for *o HttVSonJ? °Thc sleeves, Tokes "of wide Torchon The / re e " ou^ to show you what They're of good soft finished mus- Evcn thcse 3t 8c ar ' c of cambric. 47c_Soft muslin, umbrella flounce of f 1.38-Regular price $2.25. Ser^g
muslin is soft finished the yoke lace and baby ribbon; neck and we are doing. «n, open fronts, neck and armholes and not coarse cam bric. either. cambric, with two clusters of styles. Fine cambric, umbrella-
is square with a cluster of fine • sleeves trimmed with lace ruffle. ISc— Good soft cambric, plain, fin- Jnmjned with torchon Jace. _ They're excellent fitting corset. covers, twelve fine tbeks. shaped flounce with ttiree inser-
tucks. ruffle trimming on the col- S7c-Soft cambric in chemise style, jshed with a deep hemstitched ' -"5^ l^rou^nf SUIfs vokesof t ?°,- ? th , er tij ? ht fittin , ff - or f rench 67c-R eg ular price ?i.oo. Two styles tio ? s °j Poi , nt de Paris Jace, fin*
CTo-Two styles; both of K ood soft \S^^iSt^i baby rib- m.slin. umbreHa ruffle of BOc^I 0 ?, 6 ™yl« of ®g? and fine tucks Another plat ¦*• "^omebr trimmed mth
ru.fle on the collar and cuffs. S^c—Hvc styles; fine soft cambric; tucks med with ..Valenciennes, torchon ., cmbro id e ry or lace. - S.c—Regular price $1.25. Four ed flounce with three insertions
•4 7c—Thrce styles; soft finished mus- l"g», low V or square necks; 29c_ 3 styles, cood soft finished mus- or Point dc Pans lacc, as well as 21c— Two styles in cambric, round styles in cambric; deep umbrella of Torchon or Point de Pam
' lin, high necks, yokes of hem- yokes, collars and cuffs with cm- j; embroidery ruffle, torchon p-« ribbon. or V necks. French effects; trim- flounce with rows of lace inser- lacc with widc j ace wBc to
. stitched. tucks; the V necks with broidery or lace. . Iac ' c insertion Y and lace ruffle "hS^SS mtd broidery. tion and fine tucks. Other styles £££«*.^dL raffle.
lace trimming; then the low 97c_Four styles in fine nainsooks Other styles with hemstitching in Mar fi? u «ite style, body with with deep ruffle of heavy cm- «l.97_R e gular price $2.75. Five
round necks with elbow sleeves. and cambrics, his* or low necks; and fine tucks « cra 5mcnni K rows, of Valenciennes insertion. UnderiTlUSlinS ' broidery. Another style with 24 styles 111 in fine cambrics with
chemise style with hemstitched with fancy yokes of French Val- 39c— 3 styles in cambric some with neck . and ' arraholes with -^ 1 ™ ri . I1 "? >llil& fine tucks and three rows of hern: umbrella shaoed flou^w hlSd-
• ruffle on the collar and cuffs. enciennes lace and baby ribbon; rtfc'Sf^S^laS?^ ThTSSe'vitac e^ry'one should'see v 101 "^ 1 m ? n $*&% and a11 with an cxtra so^Sy trim^d wUh'fine wid'e
• <J7c_Threc styles in fine soft cam- elbow sleeves; others with high with lace insertion, fine tucks and • f^ one value cvcry onc should sec one has been left out. dust ruffle. embroidery and narrow tucks.
bnc; msh necks with yokes of necks and embroidery trimming. wide lace . ruffle; still another Jl* Cl . 4 . n . . - o 33c— Extra sized Drawers, of heavy ?li25— Regular price $2.00. Five Others with wide insertions of
narrow clustered tucks, embroid- Othcr styles in women's frowns of style with lawn ruffle and nine /5C oKirt ClieiTllSe OVC soft finished muslin, with deep handsome styles in cambric, um- Point de Paris lace, fine tucks and
cry trimming on the collar and fine nainsooks and cambrics, at rows of hemstitchinjr. . We pictured it above. We want vou . hem and small, tucks. . brella-shaped flounce with wide wide lace ruffle,
cuffs; other styles with hiffh or $118, $138, $150, $175, $2, up G.c— 3 styles in fine cambrics, um- to see how pretty it is. Then feel it; 45c — Extra sized Drawers, heavy insertion of Point de Paris lace Other beautiful styles in long
low necks, lace trimmed. to $10. brella ruffle of Van Dvke points, see what fine lawn is. in it; note its soft finished muslin, cut extra and fine tucks; wide lace ruffle. white skirts, trimmed with lace
• 4- ¦ , • ¦ . . .;. trimmed with Valenciennes lace full length. The yokes are round, with wide, trimmed with wide embroid- Other styles with wide embroid- and embroidery, $2.50, $3.50, $450
• NOTICE — From the Hair-Dressing Parlors : and fine tucks: others with wide fine lace insertion and beadiner and ery and six fine tucks. ery trimming and hemstitched —a full third less than is usually
Mr and Mrs \ L Morrill \ T ew York hair and «;ra1n Rn^riaiUr* embroidery ruffle. two rows of baby ribbon, neck and S7c— Extra sized Gowns: heavy soft tucks. ' asked.
' * aw Xar"! «f thVusU hl? r rVJ^A hajr . an ? scal P. specialists, S7c— 5 styles with embroidery ruffle, armholes with Valenciennes lace, and muslin, cut extra. lar*e. vokes, of
; fcaAe charge of the Hale hair dressing and manicuring parlors. very handsomely trimmed in lacc the bottom trimmed with four ruf- 20 narrow- tucks: embroidery C| Cf| XA/UT+n CH^fc «-f ftff/,
* T or embroidery. fles. trimming on the collar and cuffs. •Pl.CFV/ TT lllLC OlYirib CtL 7ut .
jUUU t56u oprcflds Women's Suit^ and Wrans • gTweiv^
* • * T V^AAm^^a* *^MA«r«»7 V*'*-*^* ? T fl. **%.£* KJ shaped flounces, some with rows of lace insertion and clusters of tucks and
n^- r» T£ #-¦ **£¦*• r\ 3 «^n x^WS taj- 1 1 t> - r* 1' ¦ a wide lace ruffle. Others with deep embroidery flounces; extra dust ruffle.
3. L ft t>3.T 2*3.1 II ' W ' Adjustment Prices Continue. They're prettier skirts than we have had before and they're S5 c cheapW
$8.75 Zibeline Suits. 6 Styles at $14.75. wJth Ion^ j otners with short blouse than they might be.
'Marseilles, satin and crocheted quilts. 1411 these three big mills £ rctty ,, & kt , d mixtures-^blue and Broadcloths with satin straps, stole coats".. A pretty one is the straight
ted leftover. * S^ffe^t^d JiS^S ">« a " d bu "°f K '%° * TH Wrapper Flannels «C HA
military collars! full sleeves. We have blouse trimmed also with crocheted I.^ S - "-"„"'„ &'-• i&- ' 71/- V rl *Pi>.UU
Some quarter less ; some third less : all of them less than you not many left. ornaments. -.There is another pretty l hen at 5.1.7s, ?2o7 3 , 520./.,, 543.73 //2C TO. 7^
' 1^^ b , M t I ft All ll^fiii 1 liitagllliS i-^ S!° W PnCeS ' aU PrCS - d- quality.) B^^
one now and then. It doesn't amount to much when vou dolnd it m led waK? sui s^and also'a'few Zl\ n J nt KerSCyS and ' 2ibeUnes % thc fa5h " for wrappers gacques and house J"ch lumes on them m which
'•-chances are you won't find it. The mills keep experts to eye military suitsilon^ skirted coats. R un c ¦ Lot. ionable lo f e . bo \f tyles - T ie in feriaMn plumes alone are
every quilt to find marks Thev must earn their salarv son, f wav metal buttons, military capes, strap- Several styles are grouped here for snugger fitting blouse effects. $.=;, £ r f 1 £ 1 c m - P \^ s ' blue c s and tan pounds worth $6.OO. Some of the hats
c.erj quur, 10 nna manes, iney must earn their salary some way. ped coats and p , eated fronts adjusting; not many of a kind; some $6.75, $975. $12.75 and up to $33.50. Wlth sma11 P atterns - sold for $8 and $9 untrimmed;
Marseilles spreads for double beds White crocheted spreads for TL^em -. • \^=3^ - 5O lf/\C\ others in silk velvet.
$3*0 quality at $2.90. double beds. flffl it> fpS $k WW^J^ C UI O V^S Othcr Hats ~ ~
?4-oo quality at $3.2-5. 75c, 90c. $1.00. $1.50. i'l? 3Ha fc^iS M^^^t Hti F* X ;!'IP iJ^SMMJ \ %^SJF^M J/k 3 00 odd airS - Some °f thcm Worth $3.00 and *s.oo.
?S-oo quality at $.v8.S. Satin Quilts, $2.00, worth $2.50. \\<fc^?£i vTTTp W0\E^^W^S%~, A I % I JEn^^z^MM fSjji!> )W\ \VM^'~ZZ l^?£B~$i&!^$zBl zvorth $I.;o. Most of them It's January, you know. Here are
//M^ 1 *!*^^^?^^^ I'll II iM\ \W^ S ' J! '^ ::!S^SS^^^^^tht^ liVfi c, j some of the values it brines. In these
,, t-^**. »r -1^. /TOW^^PfttiraKw] S BmWh^W «»9 I v fl^^^flL—J I ilfV»tf«S • arc our Florodora two lots there are about 160 hats.
• Other ReHHinCTQ I If! If Qflia 1 Tnn WB^*^^ IE-- —~. ms^Wm^lfl Gl Maybe .some of them need a bit of
, V -' t **^* JLJWiiiilllgO Ulll4oUClI 9 I \J\J WmM i . ' '. - _ freshening up, but, my, wouldn't it
' S^.OO White Blankets at Sj.''? PiUn-r Casr* nr V.»/$a5* H • A 7& R£ • ¦ • "% ¦'.!% ¦ [¦M^L / Gloves that for one reason or an- P^i j * tjt a. j j
Fin. «~c>. .»« "2 tol ss,« r=f' K « S .o-T™i^ 9C - Wm |Pir r h(PQT /Vlrtlf^ l8rihhnnQil»V fi>«pk*™j*!*m°Z»°k;m A « ready-to-wear Hats reduced.
36^ mstltched P ilIow 3 ' 12 % c ; <5x (A iW : ¦VWX'P have fixed them up so you wouldn't For quick January selling. They're
• $4.50 White Blankets at $3.05. " Bed S facts ' Ml W Full six inches zvidc; in every imaginable shade; the best quality made, nozvzvhen ". Jfl^^jr ' ! c^? w^^ t w!Sf*y^ ont?^ wit 5, tlieii:1 " i5 If ""t 813^* 5 *u t. r
ijir? P <in,ihi<» h<.,i ci T . -j ,, , T t o^cti^ im w > j & i . . .j /i'? ftAxfA tney were ripped sewing them makes In fact they are just the hats for
• Trarra e bianket s ' eavy RecuKr^oubf^bed^z^s^o^^k \A (J they, are most wanted for the nccH or sash or to trim thc hat comes this chance W \Vi ' hem , stronger than they were be- mid-season wearing. Not one of them
• e „,.. n> t frS^'^uS^«^e ( o? 9 Ihie l SS? R^l * i ... . " \W fore.) Most of them arc the handled marked rfow more than 8oc: though
§2.^O IP hltc Blankets, Sl.QZ. Other special sheets for single and three MwfAl *° u y« , \*V>lto ones left over Jrom our laree sales: they are worth up to $2 and $2.50.
¦ r>o,-hi<. w *<t» fir -c « quarter beds: J\Vv;fi\ ' ' •¦ ' mM Sizes from- 6% to 7%. Blacks, whites, tj\ oc rr .. t .
Double-bed size, 6Cx. 6 in. 40c— 54x90. 45c— 63x90. WVT/ * S J^ * • a_ ¦ A_ ¦¦¦¦^¦mm-- reds, browns, tans and modes. Not \l) £& CCtltS.
' ' •" \^\\K>Sl\ «^l 1/^ I Bill Cl ll *"\.7 d T ¦ C s&W\\ every size and every color, nor all col- 200 hats, some rea4y-to-we*rc and
eJ*) t[\f\ VJXJKt/ V-T UCIlt L V d. L *¦ y W» ¦ ' \ ors ln ever y size. . others felt hat shape*. Xot oa» irortH
y*-^ . # |j[^| ft] \ J . . V ¦ .' " $*^>iW'_ in \ — than 75c.
curtains, Cretons, Shades y$M£ar V w enty t l J' U6p r rds ,^ l K day raorningl^"^ &%kii . soc.Tabie' (U) Jlz n 'L m « .„, moto4
• . - tt-v ¦ V/f fresh from the looms. It couldn t be newer ; couldn t be V\£X a: *&\$Jk "a ;;„,„, c r,,.^!,^!,. fcit?. wenh $t »nd $1.50.
ctllCl 1x11^5 hlilmrfWC'-^^S prettier; couldn't be better; couldn't be more fashion- &S^tJtthl <?i,n-,;,,rr <Twc T*~,,*i™ r«^o \ xll > 3 cent*.
- , **a*V» A>.fc*^*J itvii^'^tflW^k ., ,, , • ii ¦-^"¦" 4 u •* r 11 TK^F^lTAW J CZVelry tfOXeS. 210 ready-to-wear hat..- wort* W.25 to
The good news January brings. WM&WSW • able; couldn't come at a.time when it's worth its full Toilet Sets. nvVfiQ i
Odd lines go this month— some of them will go pretty fast. b^KQ^^^ A P rice as much as {t is now ' and y ct here {t is less thana Articles we have been selline at l Vr-.?v Z rth s , ? „..
¦- 75c Bedroom Curtains. W^W^^ third of what we ever asked for it. : 7SC $r.oo and some of them $i.*>. All (y ? gg^nT?
' " ¦ ¦ . . ,- . \ v\ "^^ss^rlBaKJO a ' ' • A kH^ !!' I on one table Monday at one price. V v -' °*> cenis -
-00 pairs, in t.;e jot; white or ecru; 40 inches wide. 9 feet lone; all VVC^P^ 01 The plain facts look sensational. They are. '. /#L /# ifc--?r *^~ 1 « oo ready-to-wears u»t h*v» beea $5.00
good lacy designs; 4 patterns. Less to pay now than before. Do you know that in all our ribbon experience we never . . LP*s*i~&?^ ZoC JeWelFy and U - 50 :
12V Z C and IZC Figured Cretons IOC N offered such an opportunity before. You may think.that's an over T enthusiastic statement when you remember • nr nn ~h*~ Whitp TqiiiKm/'
Some -<r» n?^i fn i ar «r- fl« 1 ' ?» * t ,- t , , the remarkable values we have had.. The bargain is bJR R er in the store than it is here. If you could see those Broocnes. , ,;., VV I1UC V^drnDrlC
T^Tv^iirialf^ "nirSJ \tl \ P t"ns mostly light-colored grounds. two large windo^vs.. all those tables heaped with it; see all the -beautiful shades; feel of it; realize that it's half a Cuft Links Hca P s of MiI1 Lengths to sell.
S^dr^^^^e?c^^ r ;^ f ° r Joot wide, and all for. .7c, you will not L disappointed. . - ¦¦¦,• ••- Gold and Ler-plLd pieces in At 6MC Yd
.. §1.00 Fringed Opaque Window Shades at koc. T " «r /P®/ *f$F - • tm&vWSXui^A (Regular. 10c Quality.) .
ti u i- r -i ¦ i#^5v kJBBFw /EtHif /JSsff DCtlwllcl man> 01 a kind, so we arc Telephone or wri f c
me very best quality of oil opaque, mounted on the best spring roll- .. , . o<t . V^^SjjML^^/ _ ,„, _ /&y .<€*! - 1 o grouping them at this one price. Share i* bv all means
Lot 01 J,,lc Rugs $1.05. San Francisco. ifff S'ASS.""'' •"" Forks and Spoons. b^Jn^A&VVV? nT<is e *- ] !-
u-eather article for the home " s a splendid rainy- 1 IIJIH, | | M|||||| — ._ . ion g -i8c. I plete, so we mark them at this rid- piece and yet it gives us a- chance to
, 1 0 — O v Q ¦— O dance price — 25c*. ufTdersell." " " ; " .»